vi^^^v^' W^^'SV*^^*  "-iFfr^J^SP^  *'--*\i^ 


M0PM  J 


fm 


,&m 


A' 


■ 


jm 


-,**  ,..    •     ^-Aw^r^^rr^ 


^r 


:.J^v  - 


:A 


*\e* 


**    ^r 


THE 


WORKS 


O  F 


SHAKESPEARE. 


VOL.    IV. 


'.  i  4n 


»•  *—     II. 


* 


Z  X  %   ( 


s 


a  !\  ink\ 


- 


THE 


WORKS 


O  F 


SHAKESPEARE: 


VOLUME  the   FOURTH. 


CONTAINING, 


K.Henry  V. 

ift.Part  of  K.Henry  VI. 

2d.  Part  ofK. Henry  VI. 


3d.  Part  of  K.  Henry 

VI. 
K.  Richard  III. 


LONDON: 

Printed  for  A.  Bettesworth  and  C.  Hitc h. 

J.  T  o  n  s  o  n,    F.    Clay,    W.  F  e  a  l  e  s, 

and  R.  Wellington. 

,  M  DCC  XXXIII. 


** 


. 


vm 


THE 


LIFE 


O  F 


K.   H  E  N  R  r   Vth. 


Vol.  IV. 


Dramatis  Perfonse. 


KING  Henry  the  Fifth. 

Duke  of  Gloucefter,  J 

Duke  of  Bedford,      C  Brothers  to  the  King. 

Duke  of  Clarence,    \ 

Duke  of  York,     ?  TT   ,£>     4l    v.    . 
Duke  of  Exeter,  \  Uncles  to  the  **• 

Earl  of  Salisbury. 
Earl  of  Weftmorland. 
Earl  of  Warwick. 
Arch"Bifhop  of  Canterbury. 
Bijhop  of  Ely. 

Earl  of  Cambridge,^ 

Lord  Scroop,  >  Confpirators  againft  the  King, 

Sir  Thomas  Grey,  ^ 

Sir  Thomas  Erpingham,^ 

Gower,  / 

Fluellen,  f  Officers  in  King  Henry**  Army* 

Mackmorris,  t 

Jamy,  J 

Nym,        n 

Ba.rdolph,C  Formerly  Servants  toFalftaff,  now  Soldiers  in 

Piftol,       £     the  King's  Army. 

Boy,  J 

Bates,       O 
Court,      V  Soldiers. 
Williams,]^ 

Charles,  King  of  France, 
The  Dauphin. 

Duke 


Duke  of  Burgundy, 

Conftable, 

Orleans, 

Rambures,     ^French  Lords. 

Bourbon, 

Grandpree, 

\    Governour  of  Harfleur. 
Mountj  oy,  aHerald. 
Ambajjadors  to  the  King  of  England. 


Ifabel,  Styeen  ^France. 

Catharine,  Daughter  to  the  King  of  France. 

Alice,  a  Lady  attending  on  the  Princefs  Catharine. 

Quickly,  Piftofr  Wife*  an  Hoftefs. 

CHO  RUS. 


Lords,  Meffengers,  French  and  Englifh  Soldiers^ 
with  other  Attendants. 


tfhe  Scene,  at  the  beginning  of  the  Play,    lies   in 
England  j  but  afterwards,  wholly  in  France, 


Ax  PRO. 


PROLOGUE. 

OFor  a  Mufe  of  fire,  that  would  afcend  (i) 
The  bright  eft  heaven  of  invention  l 
A  kingdom  for  a  ftage,  'Princes  to  atl* 
And  Monarch s  to  behold  the  fwelling  fcene ! 
Then  Jhoidd  the  warlike  Harry,  like  himfelf 
Affume  the  port  of 'Mars  5  and,  at  his  heels, 
(Leajbt  in,  like  hounds,')  jhould  famine,  fword  and  fire 
Crouch  for  employment.    Tar  don,  gentles  all, 
The  flat  unraifed  fpirit,  that  hath  dar*d, 
On  this  unworthy  f caff  old,  to  bring  forth 
So  great  an  objeU.    Can  this  Cock-pit  hold 
The  vafty  field  of  France  ?  or  may  we  cram9 
Within  this  wooden  O,  the  very  caskes 

That  did  affright  the  air,  at  Agincourt  ?  '  "] 

O,  pardon  5  fince  a  crooked  figure  may 
Attefb  in  little  place  a  million  $ 

And  let  us,  cyphers  to  this  great  accompt^  "  ****& 

On  your  imaginary  forces  work. 
Suppofe,  within  the  girdle  ofthefe  walls 
Are  now  confined  two  mighty  monarchies  5 
Whofe  high-up-reared,  and  abutting,  fronts 
The  perillous  narrow  ocean  parts  afunder. 
'Piece  out  our  imperfections  with  your  thoughts: 
Into  a  thoufand  parts  divide  one  man, 
And  make  imaginary  puifjance : 
'Think,  when  we  talk  ofhorfes,  that  you  fee  them 
^Printing  their  proud  hoofs  ViV  receiving  earth. 
For  'tis  your  thoughts  that  now  muft  deck  our  Kings, 
Carry  them  here,  and  there  5  jumping  o'er  times  5 
'Turning  tF  accomplishment  of  many  years 
Into  an  hour-glafs :  for  the  which  fupply, 
Admit  me  Chorus  to  this  hiftoryy 
Who,  prologue-like,  your  humble  patience  pray, 
Gently  to  hear,  kindly  to  judge,  our  Play. 

(1)  O for  a  Mufe  of  Fire, ~]  Milton,  who  was  a  zealous  Admirer, 
and  ftudious  Imitator  of  our  Author,  feems  to  have  had  the  fine  opening 
of  this  Prologue  in  his  Eye,  when  he  began  the  4th  Book  of  his  Paradifc 

Loft.     , 

Ofor  that  warning  Voice,  'which  he,  ivhojaw 
(Th*  Apocal yps,  heard  cry  in  Heaifn  aloud, 
Then,  when  the  Dragon,  -put  to  fecond  Rout, 
Came  furious  down  to  be  revenged  on  Men, 
Woe  to  th'  Inhabitants  on  Earth  ! 

The 


The  H  F  E  of 


King  HE  NR  T  V.  (2) 


ACT      I. 

SCENE,  An  Antechamber  In  the  Eng- 
lish Court,  at  Kenilworth. 

Enter  the  Arch-Bifhop  of  Canterbury,  and  Bijhop  of 

Ely. 

Arch-Bifljop  of  Canterbury. 

Y  lord,  I'll  tell  you  ;  that  felf  bill  is  urg'd, 
Which,  in  th^eleventh  year  o'th'  laft  King's 

reign,    « 
Was  like,  and  had,   indeed,  againft  us  pad, 
But  that  the  fcambling  and  unquiet  time 
Did  pufh  it  out  of  farther  queftion. 

Ely.  But  how,  my  lord,  mall  we  refift  it  now  ? 

(2)  %e  Life  of  K.  Henry]  The  Tranfa&ions,  compriz'd  in  this  Hii- 
torical  Play,  commence  about  the  latter  end  of  the  firft,  and  termi- 
nate in  the  8  th  Year  of  this  King's  Reign  ;  when  he  married  Catharine 
Princefs  of  France,  and  clofed  up  the  Differences  betwixt  England  and  that 
Crown. 


A3 


Cant. 


6  King  Henry  V. 

Cant.  It  muft  be  thought  on  :  if  it  pafs  againft  us, 

We  lofe  the  better  half  of  our  poffeflion  : 

For  all  the  temporal  lands,  which  men  devout 

By  teftament  have  given  to  the  Church, 

Would  they  ftrip  from  us  •,  being  valued  thus, 

As  much  as  would  maintain,  to  the  King's  honour, 

Full  fifteen  Earls  and  fifteen  hundred  Knights, 

Six  thoufand  and  two  hundred  good  Efquires  : 

And  to  relief  of  lazars,  and  weak  age, 

Of  indigent  faint  fouls,  paft  corporal  toil, 

A  hundred  alms-houfes,  right  well  fupply'd  ; 

And  to  the  coffers  of  the  King,  befide, 

A  thoufand  pounds  by  th'year.     Thus  runs  the  bill. 

Ely.  This  would  drink  deep. 

Cant.  'Twould  drink  the  cup,  and  all. 

Ely.  But  what  prevention  ? 

Cant.  The  King  is  full  of  grace  and  fair  regard. 

Ely.  And  a  true  lover  of  the  holy  Church. 

Cant.  The  courfes  of  his  youth  promised  it  not ; 

The  breath  no  fooner  left  his  father's  body, 

But  that  his  wildnefs,   mortify'd  in 'him, 

Seem'd  to  die  too  ;   yea,  at  that  very  moment, 

Confideration,  like  an  angel,   came, 

And  whipt  th' offending  Adam  out  of  him  y 

Leaving  his  Body  as  a  paradife, 

T'invelope  and  contain  celeflial  fpirits. 

^Never  was  fuch  a  fudden  fcholar  made  : 

Never  came  reformation  in  a  flood 

With  fuch  a  heady  current,  fcow'ring  faults  : 

Nor  ever  //y^-headed  wilfulnefs 

So  foon  did  lofe  his  feat,  and*all  at  once, 

As  in  this  King. 

Ely.  We're  bleffed  in  the  change. 

Cant.  Hear  him  but  reafon  in  divinity, 

And,  all-admiring,  with  an  inward  wifli 

You  would  defire,   the  King  were  made  a  Prelate. 

Hear  him  debate  of  commonwealth  affairs, 

You'd  fay,  it  hath  been  all  in  all  his  ftudy. 

Lift  his  difcourfeof  war,  and  you  fhall  hear 

A  fearful  battel  render'd  you  in  mufick. 

Turn 


King  Henry  V.  j 

Turn  him  to  any  caufe  of  policy, 

The  Gordian  knot  of  it  he  wiJl  unloofe, 

Familiar  as  his  garter.    When  he  fpeaks, 

The  air,  a  charter'd  libertine,  is  Hill  y 

And  the  mute  wonder  lurketh  in  men's  ears, 

To  deal  his  fweet  and  honied  fentences  : 

So  that  the  A<S,  and  praftic  part  of  life,  (3) 

Muft  be  the  miftrefs  to  this  theorique. 

Which  is  a  wonder  how  his  Grace  fhould  glean  it, 

Since  his  addiction  was  to  courfes  vain  ; 

His  companies  unletter'd,  rude  and  fhallow ; 

His  hours  fill'd  up  with  riots,  banquets,  fports  \ 

And  never  noted  in  him  any  ftudy, 

Any  retirement,  any  fequeftration 

From  open  haunts  and  popularity. 

Ely.  *The  Strawberry  grows  underneath  the  nettle, 
And  wholfom  berries  thrive,  and  ripen  beft, 
Neighboured  by  fruit  of  bafer  quality  : 
And  fo  the  Prince  obfcur'd  his  contemplation 
Under  the  veil  of  wildnefs  ;  which,  no  doubt, 
Grew  like  the  fummer  grafs,  fafteft  by  night, 
Unfeen,  yet  crefcive  in  his  faculty. 

Cant.  It  muft  be  fo  ;  for  miracles  are  ceas'd  : 
And  therefore  we  muft  needs  admit  the  means, 
How  things  are  perfected. 

Ely.  But,  my  good  lord, 
How  now  for  mitigation  of  this  bill, 
Urg'd  by  the  Commons  ?  doth  his  Majefty 
Incline  to  it,  or  no  ? 

(3)  So  that  the  Art  and pra&ic  fart  of  Life]  All  the  Editions,  if  I  am 
not  deceiv'd,  are  guilty  of  a  flight  corruption  in  this  PaiTage.  The 
Archbifhop  has  been  fhewing,  what  a  Mailer  the  King  was  in  the  The- 
ory of  Divinity,  War,  and  Policy  :  fo  that  it  muft  be  expected  (as  I  con- 
ceive, he  would  infer ;)  that  the  King  mould  now  wed  that  Theory  to 
Action,  and  the  putting  the  feveral  parts  of  his  Knowledge  into  practice. 
If  this  be  our  Author's  Meaning,  I  think,  we  can  hardly  doubt  but  he 
wrote, 

So  that  the  Act,  and  pr attic  Sec. 
Thus  we  have  a  Confonance  in  the  Terms  and  Senfe.     For  Theory  is 
the  Art,  and  Study  of  the  Rules  of  any  Science  ;  and  Action,  the  Exem- 
pbfication  of  thofe  Rules  by  Proof  and  Experiment. 

A  4  Cant* 


8  King  Henry  V. 

Cant.  He  feems  indifferent ; 
Or  rather  fwaying  more  upon  our  part, 
Than  cherifhing  th'exhibkers  againft  us. 
For  I  have  made  an  offer  to  his  Majefty, 
Upon  our  fpiritual  Convocation, 
And  in  regard  of  caufes  now  in  hand, 
Which  I  have  open'd  to  his  Grace  at  large, 
As  touching  France ,  to  give  a  greater  fum, 
Than  ever  at  one  time  the  Clergy  yet 
Did  to  his  predeceffors  part  withal. 

Ely.  How  did  this  offer  feem  receiv'd,  my  lord  ? 

Cant.  With  good  acceptance  of  his  Majefty  : 
Save  that  there  was  not  time  enough  to  hear 
(As,  I  perceiv'd,  his  Grace  would  fain  have  done) 
The  feverals,  and  unhidden  paffages 
Of  his  true  titles  to  fome  certain  Dukedoms, 
And,  generally,  to  the  Crown'  of  France, 
Deriv'd  from  Edward  his  great  grandfather. 

Ely.  What  was  th'impediment,  that  broke  this  off? 

Cant.  The  French  ambaffador  upon  that  inftant 
Crav'd  audience  ;  and  the  hour,  I  think,  is  come 
To  give  him  hearing.     Is  it  four  o'clock  ? 

Ely.  It  is. 

Cant.  Then  go  we  in  to  know  his  embafTie : 
Which  I  could  with  a  ready  guefs  declare, 
Before  the  Frenchman  fpeaks  a  word  of  it. 

Ely.  Pll  wait  upon  you,  and  I  long  to  hear  it. 

[Exeunt. 

SCENE  opens  to  the  Prefence. 

Enter  King  Henry,  Gloucefter,  Bedford,  Clarence, 
Warwick,   Weftmorland,  and  Exeter. 

K.  Henry.  TXTHERE  is  my  gracious  lord  of  Canter- 
V  V         bury  ? 
Exe*  Not  here  in  prefence. 
K.  Henry.  Send  for  him,  good  uncle. 
Weft.  Shall  we  call  in  th'ambaffador,  my  Liege  ? 

K.  Henry. 


King  Henri  V.  9 

K.  Henry.  Not  yet,  my  coufin ;  we  would  be  refolv'd, 
Before  we  hear  him,  of  fome  things  of  weight, 
rhat  task  our  thoughts,  concerning  us  and  France. 

Enter  the  ArchYifhop  of  Canterbury,  and  Bifhop  of  Ely, 

Cant.  God  and  his  angels  guard  your  facred  throne, 
And  make  you  long  become  it ! 

K.  Henry.  Sure,  we  thank  you. 
My  learned  lord,  we  pray  you  to  proceed ; 
Andjuftly  and  religioufly  unfold, 
Why  the  law  Salike,  that  they  have  in  France, 
Or  mould,  or  mould  not,  bar  us  in  our  claim. 
And,  God  forbid,  my  dear  and  faithful  lord, 
That  you  mould  fafhion,  wreft,  or  bow  your  reading ; 
Or  nicely  charge  your  underftanding  foul 
With  opening  titles  mifcreate,  whofe  right 
Sutes  not  in  native  colours  with  the  truth. 
For,  God  doth  know,  how  many  now  in  health 
Shall  drop  their  blood,  in  approbation 
Of  what  your  reverence  fhall  incite  us  to. 
Therefore  take  heed,  how  you  impawn  our  perfon  ; 
How  you  awake  our  fleeping  fword  of  war  : 
We  charge  you  in  the  name  of  God,  take  heed. 
For  never  two  fuch  kingdoms  did  contend 
Without  much  fall  of  blood  •,   whofe  guiltlefs  drops 
Are  every  one  a  woe,  a  fore  complaint, 
'Gainft  him,  whofe  wrong  gives  edge  unto  the  fwords^ 
That  make  fuch  wafte  in  brief  mortality. 
Under  this  conjuration,  fpeak,  my  lord  ; 
For  we  will  hear,  note,  and  believe  in  heart, 
That  what  you  fpeak  is  in  your  confcience  walht, 
As  pure  as  fin  with  baptifm. 

Cant.  Then  hear  me,  gracious  Soveraign,  and  you  Peers, 
That  owe  your  lives,  your  faith,  and  fervices, 
To  this  imperial  throne.     There  is  no  bar 
To  make  againft  your  Highnefs*  claim  to  France, 
But  this  which  they  produce  from  Pharamond  \ 
In  terra?n  Salicam  Mulieres  ne  fuccedant  \ 
No  woman  fhall  fucceed  in  Salike  land  : 
Which  Salike  land  the  French  unjuftly  gloze 

To 


io  King  Henry  V. 

To  be  the  re?Jm  of  France,  and  Pharamond 

The  founder  of  this  law  and  female  bar. 

Yet  their  own  authors  faithfully  affirm, 

That  the  land  S alike  lies  in  Germany, 

Between  the  floods  of  Sala  and  of  Elve : 

Where  Charles  the  great,  having  fubdu'd  the  Saxons, 

There  left  behind  and  fettled  certain  French : 

Who,  holding  in  difdain  the  German  women, 

For  fome  difhonefl  manners  of  their  life, 

Eftablifht  then  this  law  •,  to  wit,  no  female 

Should  be  inheritrix  in  S alike  land  : 

Which  S  alike,  as  I  faid,  'twixt  Elve  and  Sala, 

Is  at  this  day  in  Germany  calPd  Meifen. 

Thus  doth  it  well  appear,  the  S alike  law 

Was  not  devifed  for  the  realm  of  France. 

Nor  did  the  French  poflefs  the  S alike  land, 

Until  four  hundred  one  and  twenty  years 

After  defunction  of  King  Pharamond, 

(Idly  fuppos'd,  the  founder  of  this  law ;) 

Who  died  within  the  Year  of  our  redemption 

Four  hundred  twenty  fix  *,  and  Charles  the  great 

Subdu'd  the  Saxons,   and  did  feat  the  French 

Beyond  the  river  Sala  in  the  year 

Eight  hundred  five.     Befides,  their  writers  fay, 

King  Pepin,    which  depofed  Childerick, 

Did  as  heir  general  (being  defcended 

Of  Blithild,  which  was  daughter  to  King  Clothair) 

Make  claim  and  title  to  the  Crown  of  France. 

Hugh  Capet  alfo,  who  ufurp'd  the  Crown 

Of  Charles  the  Duke  of  Lorain,   fole  heir  male 

Of  the  true  line  and  flock  of  Charles  the  great, 

To  fine  his  title  with  fome  fhews  of  truth, 

(Though,  in  pure  truth,  it  was  corrupt  and  naught) 

Convey 5d  himfelf  as  heir  to  th'lady  Lingare, 

Daughter  to  Charlemain,  who  was  the  fon 

To  Lewis  th'Emperor,  which  was  the  fon 

Of  Charles  the  great.     Alfo  King  Lewis  the  ninth, 

Who  Was  fole  heir  to  the  ufurper  Capet, 

Could  not  keep  quiet  in  his  confcience, 

Wearing  the  Crown  of  France,  till  fatisfy'd 

»  That 


King  Henry  V.  it 

That  fair  Queen  Ifabel,  his  grandmother, 

Was  lineal  of  the  lady  Ermengere, 

Daughter  to  Charles  the  forefaid  Duke  of  Lorain : 

By  the  which  match  the  line  of  Charles  the  great 

Was  re-united  to  the  Crown  of  France. 

So  that,  as  clear  as  is  the  Summer's  fun, 

King  Pepin's  title,  and  Hugh  Capefs  claim, 

King  Lewis  his  Satisfaction,  all  appear    (4)  t/i^J 

To  hold  in  right  and  title  of  the  female. 

So  do  the  Kings  of  France  until  this  day  : 

Howbeit  they  would  hold  up  this  S alike  law, 

To  bar  your  Highnefs  claiming  from  the  female  *, 

And  rather  chufe  to  hide  them  in  a  net, 

Than  amply  to  imbaretheir  crooked  titles,    (5) 

Ufurpt  from  you  and  your  progenitors. 

K.  Henry.  May  I  with  right  and  confcience  make  this 
claim  ? 

Cant.  The  fin  upon  my  head,  dread  Soveraign  ! 
For  in  the  book  of  Numbers  it  is  writ, 
When  the  fon  dies,  let  the  inheritance 
Defcend  unto  the  daughter.     Gracious  lord, 
Stand  for  your  own,  unwind  your  bloody  flag  : 
Look  back  into  your  mighty  anceftors  ; 
Go,  my  dread  lord,  to  your  great  grandfire's  tomb, 

(4)  King  Lewis  his  Satisfaction,]  Thus  all  the  authentick  Copies ;  Mr. 
Pope  in  the  room  of  it,  either  out  of  a  particular  Delicacy  of  Ear,  or  re- 
ligious Adherence  to  the  Chronicles,  has  fubftituted,  PoffeJJwn.  But  I  be- 
lieve the  other  to  have  been  the  Author's  Word,  of  Choice  :  he  feems  to 
be  briefly  recapitulating  his  own  Terms,  and  he  had  told  us  juft  above, 
that  Lewis  IX.  could  not  wear  the  Crown  with  a  quiet  Confcience, 

■  ■  till  fatisfied 

'That  fair  Queen  Ifabel,  his  Grandmother,  &c. 

(5)  Than  openly  imbrace]  This  is  Mr.  Pope's  Reading,  and  not  any 
ways  authoriz'd  that  I  can  find.  But  where  is  the  Aniithefis  betwixt  hide 
in  the  preceding  Line,  and  imbrace  in  this  ?  The  two  old  Folio's  read, 
Than  amply  to  imbarre  — -  But  here  is  a  flight  Corruption  in  the  Spel- 
ling, by  the  mperfluous  Reduplication  of  a  Letter.  We  certainly  muft 
either  read  (as  Mr.  Warburton  advis'd  me,) —  Than  amply  to  imbare — 
{or,  as  I  had  fnfpe&ed,  unbare ;)  i.  e.  lay  open,  make  naked,  difplay  to 
View.  I  am  furpriz'd,  Mr.  Pope  did  not  ftart  this  Conjecture,  as  Mr. 
Ronve  has  led  the  way  to  it  in  his  Edition,  who  reads  j 

Than  amply  to  make  bare  their  crooked  Titles. 

From 


\i  King  Henry  V. 

From  whom  you  claim  ;  invoke  his  warlike  fpirit, 
And  your  great  uncle  Edward  the  black  Prince  j 
Who  on  the  French  ground  play'd  a  Tragedy, 
Making  defeat  on  the  full  pow'r  of  France  : 
While  his  moft  mighty  father,  on  a  hill, 
Stood  fmiling,  to  behold  his  Lion's  whelp 
Forage  in  blood  of  French  nobility. 
O  noble  Engtijh,  that  could  entertain 
With  half  their  forces  the  full  pow'r  of  France  ; 
And  let  another  half  ftand  laughing  by, 
All  out  of  work,  and  cold  for  action  ! 

Ely.  Awake  remembrance  of  thefe  valiant  dead, 
And  with  your  puiflfant  arm  renew  their  feats  ! 
You  are  their  heir,  you  fit  upon  their  throne  ; 
The  blood,  and  courage,  that  renowned  them, 
Runs  in  your  veins  *,  and  my  thrice  puiflfant  Liege 
Is  in  the  very  May-morn  of  his  youth, 
Ripe  for  exploits  and  mighty  enterprifes. 

Exe.  Your  brother  Kings  and  Monarchs  of  the  earth 
Do  all  expect  that  you  fhould  rouze  your  felf ; 
As  did  the  former  Lions  of  your  blood. 
x  Weft.  They  know,  your  urace  hath  caufe,  and  means, 

SloLZshaJ-         and  might;   (6) 

U/.   So  hath  your  Highnefs  ;  never  King  of  England 
Had  Nobles  richer,  and  more  loyal  fubjecls ; 
Whofe  hearts  have  left  their  bodies  here  in  England, 
And  lie  pavilion'd  in  the  field  of  France. 

Cant.  O,  let  their  bodies  follow,  my  dear  Lfege, 
With  blood,  and  fword,  and  fire,  to  win  your  right : 
In  aid  whereof,  we  of  the  Spiritualty] 
Will  raife  your  Highnefs  fuch  a  mighty  fum, 
As  never  did  the  Clergy  at  one  time 
Bring  in  to  any  of  your  anceftors. 

K.  Henry.  We  muft  not  only  arm  t'invade  the  French, 
But  lay  down  our  proportions  to  defend 

(6)  They  know  your  Grace  hath  caufe,  and  means  and  might ; 
S&  hath  your  highnefs,  never  King  of  England 

Had  Nobles  richer,— -]  Thus  has  this  Speech  hitherto  been  moft  ftupidly 
pointed,  without  any  regard  to  common  Senfe.  As  I  have  regulated  it, 
we  fee  the  Poet's  Drift,  and  come  at  an  eafy  and  natural  Reafoning. 

Againft 


King  HenriV.  i i 

Againft  the  Scot,  who  wjl  make  road  uppn  us 
With  all  advantages. 

Cant.  They  of  thofe  Marches,  gracious  Sovereign, 

bhail  be  a  wall  fufficient  to  defend 

Our  Inland  from  the  pilfering  borderers. 
K  JW  We  do  not  mean  the  courfing  fnatchers  only, 

But  tear  the  main  intendment  of  the  Scot, 

Who  hath  been  ftill  a  giddy  neighbour  to  us: 

tor  you  (hall  read,  that  my  great  grandfather 

Never  went  with  his  forces  into  France,  r  .  ■ 

But  that  the  ^0/ on  his  unfurnifht  kingdom  L    ' 

Came  pouring,  like  a  tide  into  a  breach, 

With  ample  and  brim  fulnefs  of  his  force  ; 

Galling  the  gleaned  land  with  hot  aflays ; 

Girding  with  grievous  fiege  caftles  and  towns  ; 

JL hat  England,  being  empty  of  defence, 
Hath  fhook,  and  trembled,  at  th'ill  neighbourhood. 
cant.  J>he  hath  been  then  more  fear'd  than  harm'd, 
my  L.iege  ; 
For  hear  her  but  exampled  by  her  felf  • 
When  all  her  chivalry  hath  been  in  France, 
And  (he  a  mourning  widow  of  her  Nobles, 
She  hath  her  felf  not  only  well  defended, 
But  taken  and  impounded  as  a  ftray 

SefiS?°f  icf  •'  *h°m  he  did  fend  to  France, 
To  fill  King  Edward's  fame  with  prifoner  Kings  ; 

And  make  his  chronicle  as  rich  with  praife, 

As  is  the  ouzy  bottom  of  the  fea  UJ 

SI  fuDnken  wrack  and  fuml^s  treafuries. 

TfTP:     til?,r£s  a  fay'ns  very old  and  ™, 

Jftbat  youwiU  France  win,  then  with  Scotland^  begin. 
For  once  the  Eagle  England  being  in  prey,  * 

To  her  unguarded  neft  the  Weazel,  Scot, 
Comes  fneaking,  and  fo  fucks  her  princely  eggs  • 
Playing  theMoufe  in  abfence  of  the  Cat,       %Z  ' 
y  o  taint,  and  havock,  more  than  fhe  can  eat.  (7) 

lity( of t'mZkto^tZZ^ can «0  *Tis »<* 6  ^ Qua- 
«  Th7  old  fto  S5,  a  ^  "  TV*  at'  but  t0  "»  °ver  and  defile 
which  laftco^CdWorH^i-  f^6  W°  firil  foli°'s'  *««•  f«™ 
Reading,  ^      Wwd'   *  *"*  I  hav*  ^ri«v'd  the  Poet's  genuine 

Exe. 


14  King  Henry  V. 

Exe.  It  follows  chen,  the  Cat  muft  flay  at  home, 
Yet  that  is  but  a  'scus'd  neceffity  5    (8) 
Since  we  have  locks  to  fafeguard  neceflaries, 
A  nd  pretty  traps  to  catch  the  petty  thieves. 
While  that  the  armed  hand  doth  fight  abroad, 
Th'advifed  head  defends  it  fetf  at  home  : 
For  Government,  though  high,  and  low,  and  lower,  (9) 
Put  into  parts,  doth  keep  in  one  confent ; 
Congreeing  in  a  full  and  natural  clofe, 
Like  mufick. 

Cant.  Therefore  heaven  doth  divide 
The  ftate  of  man  in  divers  functions, 
Setting  endeavour  in  continual  motion : 
To  which  is  fixed,  as  an  aim  or  butt, 
Obedience  •,  for  fo  work  the  honey  Bees  ; 
Creatures,  that  by  a  rule  in  nature  teach 
The  art  of  order  to  a  peopled  kingdom. 
They  have  a  King,  and  officers  of  fort  ; 
Where  fome,  like  magiftrates,  correct  at  home  : 
Others,  like  merchants,  venture  trade  abroad  : 
Others,  like  foldiers,  armed  in  their  flings, 
Make  boot  upon  the  fummer's  velvet  buds : 
Which  pillage  they  with  merry  march  bring  home 
To  the  tent-royal  of  their  Emperor  : 
Who,  bufied  in  his  majefty,  furveys 
The  finging  mafon  building  roofs  of  gold  5 
The  civil  citizens  kneading  up  the  honey  ; 
The  poor  mechanick  porters  crowding  in 
Their  heavy  burthens  at  his  narrow  gate  : 

(8)  Yet  that  is  hut  a  curs'd  Neceffity  ;]  So  the  old  4*0.  The  folio's  read  i  J 
cTuJtfd :  Neither  of  the  Words  convey  any  tolerable  Idea  ;  but  give  us  a 
counter-reafoning,  and  not  at  all  pertinent.  'Tis  Exeterh  bafinefs  to  mew, 
there  is  no  real  Neceffity  for  Haying  at  home  :  he  mull  therefore  mean,; 
that  tho  there  be  a  feeming  Neceffity,  yet  it  is  one  that  may  be  well, 
excused,  and  got  over.  K  Mr.  Warhurton. 

(9)  For  Government,  though  high,  and  low,  and  lower,]  The  Foun- 
dation and  Expreffion  of  this  Thought  feem  to  be  borrow'd  from  Cicero, 
de  Republican  lib.  2.  Sic  ex  fummis,  &f  mediis,  &  infimis  interjeSii^ 
Ordinibus,  ut  fonis,  moderatam  ratione  Ci<vitate?n,  Confenlu  diffimiliorum 
concinere  ;  cif  qua  Harmonia  a  Muficis  dicitur  in  Cantu,  earn  effie  in  Ci-j 
vitate  Concordiam. 

The) 


King  Henry  V.  \< 

The  fad-ey'd  juflice  with  his  furly  hum. 

Delivering  o'er  to  executors  pale 

The  lazy  yawning  drone.    I  this  infer, 

That  many  things,  having  full  reference 
To  one  confent,  may  work  contrarioufly  : 

As  many  arrows,  loofed  feveral  ways, 

Come  to  one  mark :  as  many  ways  meet  in  one  town  5 

As  many  frefh  ftreams  meet  in  one  fait  fea  ; 

As  many  lines  clofe  in  the  dial's  center  ; 

So  may  a  thoufand  a&ions/once  a- foot, '  r  0  1 

End  in  one  purpofe,  and  be  all  well  born  L     J 

Without  defeat.     Therefore  to  France,  my  Liege 

Divide  your  happy  England  into  four,  ' 

Whereof  take  you  one  quarter  into  France  • 

And  you  withal  fhall  make  all  Gallia  make  : 

If  we,  with  thrice  fuch  powers  left  at  home" 

Cannot  defend  our  own  doors  from  the  do'* 
Let  us  be  worried  ;  and  our  Nation  lofe       °* 
The  name  of  hardinefs  and  policy.  [l)hin 

K.  Henry.  Call  in  the  meffengers,  fent  from  the  Dau 
Now  are  we  well  refolv'd  ;  and  by  God's  K 
And  yours,  the  noble  finews  of  our  power 
France  being  ours,  we'll  bend  it  to  our  awe, 
Or  break  it  all  to  pieces.    There  we'll  fit, 
Kulmg  in  large  and  ample  empery 
O'er  France    and  all  her  almoft  kingly  Dukedoms ; 
Ur  lay  thefe  bones  in  an  unworthy  urn 
Tomblefs,  with  no  remembrance  over  them. 
Either  our  Hiftory  fhall  with  full  mouth 
Speak  freely  of  our  ads  ;  or  elfe  our  grave, 
Like  Turhjh  mute    fhall  have  a  tonguelefs  mouth  5 
Not  worlhipt  with  a  waxen  epitaph! 

Enter  Ambajfadors  of  France. 
Now  are  we  well  prepar'd  to  know  the  pleafure 
Ut  our  fair  coufin  Dauphin ;  for  we  hear, 
Your  greeting  is  from  him,  not  from  the  Kin*. 

treely  to  render  what  we  have  in  charge: 
Ur  fhall  we  fparingly  fhew  you  far  off 

1  The 


\6  King  Henry  V* 

The  Dauphin's  meaning,  and  our  embaflie  ? 

K.  Henry.  We  are  no  tyrant,  but  a  chriftian  King, 
Unto  whofe  grace  our  paflion  is  as  fubjecl:, 
As  are  our  wretches  fetter'd  in  our  prifons  : 
Therefore,  with  frank  and  with  uncurbed  plainnefs, 
Tell  us  the  Dauphin's  mind. 
Amb.  Thus  then,  in  few. 
YourHighnefs,  lately  fending  into  France, 
Did  claim  fome  certain  Dukedoms  in  the  right 
Of  your  great  predeceffor,  Edward  the  third. 
In  anfwer  of  which  claim,  the  Prince  our  mafter 
Says,  that  you  favour  too  much  of  your  youth  ; 
And  bids  you  be  advis'd :  there's  nought  in  France* 
That  can  be  with  a  nimble  galliard  won  -, 
You  cannot  revel  into  Dukedoms  there  : 
He  therefore  fends  you  (meeter  for  your'fpiritjl 
This  tun  of  treafure  ;  and  in  lieu  of  this, 
Defires  you,  let  the  Dukedoms,  that  you  claim, 
Hear  no  more  of  you.    This  the  Dauphin  fpeaks. 
K.  Henry.  What  treafure,  uncle  ? 
Exe.  Tennis-balls,  my  Liege.  [us. 

K.  Henry.  We're  glad,  the  Dauphin  is  fo  pleafant  with 
His  prefent,  and  your  pains,  we  thank  you  for. 
When  we  have  match'd  our  rackets  to  thefe  balls, 
We  will  in  France,  by  God's  grace,  play  a  fet, 
Shall  ftrike  his  father's  Crown  into  the  hazard. 
Tell  him,  h'ath  made  a  match  with  fuch  a  wrangler, 
That  all  the  Courts  of  France  will  be  difturb'd 
With  chaces.    And  we  underftand  him  well, 
How  he  comes  o'er  us  with  our  wilder  days  , 
Not  meafuring,  what  ufe  we  made  of  them. 
We  never  valu'd  this  poor  feat  of  England, 
And  therefore,  living  hence,  did  give  our  felf 
To  barb'rous  licence  •,  as  'tis  ever  common, 
That  men  arc  merrieft,  when  they  are  from  home. 
But  tell  the  Dauphin,  I  will  keep  my  State, 
Be  like  a  King,  and  fhew  my  fail  of  Greatnefs  ; 
When  I  do  rowze  me  in  my  throne  of  France. 
For  that  I  have  laid  by  my  Majefty, 
And  plodded  like  a  man  for  working  days  ; 


2 


King  Henri  V.  17 

Bat  I  will  rife  there  with  fo  full  a  glory, 

That  I  will  dazzle  all  the  eyes  of  France  ; 

Yea,  ftrike  the  Dauphin  blind  to  look  on  us. 

And  tell  the  pleafant  Prince,  this  mock  of  his 

Hath  turn'd  his  balls  to  gun-ftones  5  and  his  foul 

Shall  (land  fore  charged  for  the  wafteful  vengeance, 

That  mall  fly  with  them  :  many  thoufand  widows 

Shall  this  his  Mock  mock  out  of  their  dear  husbands  $ 

Mock  mothers  from  their  fons,  mock  caftles  down  ; 

And  fome  are  yet  ungotten  and  unborn, 

That  fhall  have  caufe  to  curfe  the  Dauphin* $  fcora. 

But  this  lies  all  within  the  will  of  God, 

To  whom  I  do  appeal ;  and  in  whofe  name, 

Tell  you  the  Dauphin^  I  am  coming  on 

To  venge  me  as  I  may  ;   and  to  put  forth 

My  rightful  hand  in  a  well-hallow'd  caufe. 

So  get  you  hence  in  peace  ;  and  tell  the  Dauphin* 

His  jell  will  favour  but  of  mallow  wit, 

When  thoufands  weep,  more  than  did  laugh  at  it. 

Convey  them  with  fafe  conduct.    Fare  ye  well. 

[Exeunt  Ambajfadors* 

Exe.  This  was  a  merry  meffage. 

K.  Henry.  We  hope  to  make  the  fender  blufh  at  it : 
Therefore,  my  lords,  omit  no  happy  hour, 
That  may  give  furtherance  to  our  expedition  ; 
For  we  have  now  no  thoughts  in  us  but  France^ 
Save  thofe  to  God,  that  run  before  our  bufmefs. 
Therefore,  let  our  proportions  for  thefe  wars 
Be  foon  collected,  and  all  things  thought  upon, 
That  may  with  reafonable  fwiftnefs  add 
More  feathers  to  our  wings  :  for,  God  before, 
We'll  chide  this  Dauphin  at  his  father's  door. 
Therefore  let  every  man  now  task  his  thought, 
That  this  fair  a&ion  may  on  foot  be  brought.     \ExeunU 

Enter  Chorus. 
Chorus,  Now  all  the  youth  of  England  are  on  fire,    (io)^ 
And  filken  dalliance  in  the  wardrobe  lies : 

Vol.  IV.  B  Now 

(10)  Now  all  the  Youth  of  England]    I  have  replaced  this  Chorus  here, 
by  the  Authority  of  the  Old  ZWs  i  and'  ended  the  firft  A$>  as  the  Poet 

certainly 


18  King  Henry  V. 

Now  thrive  the  armourers,  and  honour's  thought 

Reigns  folely  in  the  bread  of  every  man. 

They  fell  the  pafture  now,  to  buy  the  horfe  ; 

Following  the  mirror  of  all  Chriftian  Kings, 

With  winged  heels,  as  Englifh  Mercuries. 

For  now  fits  Expectation  in  the  air, 

And  hides  a  fword  from  hilts  unto  the  point 

With  Crowns  imperial ;  Crowns,  and  Coronets, 

Piromis'd  to  Harry  and  his  followers. 

The  French,  advis'd  by  good  intelligence 

Of  this  moft  dreadful  preparation, 

Shake  in  their  fear  ;  and  with  pale  policy 

Seek  to  divert  the  EwglifJj  purpofes. 

O  England!  model  to  thy  inward  greatnefs, 

certainly  intended.  Mr.  Pope  remov'd  it,  becaufe  (fays  He)  This  Chorus 
manifejily  is  intended  to  ad<vertife  the  Spe  Bator  s  of  the  Change  of  the  Scene  to 
Southampton  ;  and  therefore  ought  to  be  placed  jufi  before  that  Change,  and 
not  here.  'Tis  true,  the  Spectators  are  to  be  inform'd,  that,  when  they 
next  fee  the  King,  they  are  to  fuppofe  him  at  Southampton,  But  This 
does  not  imply  any  Neceflity  of  this  Chorus  being  contiguous  to  thafj 
Change.  On  the  contrary,  the  very  concluding  Lines  vouch  abfolutely 
againll  it. 

But,  till  the  King  co?ne  forth,  and  not  till  then, 

Unto  Southampton  do  ive  Jhift  our  Scene. 
For  how  abfurd  is  fuch  a  Notice,  if  the  Scene  is  to  change,  fo  foon  as  ever 
the  Chorus  quits  the  Stage  ?  Befides,  unlefs  this  Chorus  be  prefix'd  to  the 
Scene  betwixt  Nim,  Bardolfe,  &c,  We  mall  draw  the  Poet  into  another 
Abfurdity.  Pi  Hoi,  Nim,  and  Bardolfe  are  in  this  Scene  talking  of  going 
to  the  Wars  in  France  :  but  the  King  had  but  juft,  at  his  quitting  the. 
Stage,  declar'd  his  Refoluticns  of  commencing  this  War  :  And  without 
the  Interval  of  an  AB,  betwixt  that  Scene  and  the  Comic  Characters  en- 
tring,  how  could  They  with  any  Probability  be  infbrm'd  of  this  intended 
Expedition  ?  If  Mr.  Pope  had  ever  read  Monileur  Hedelin's  moft  curious 
Treatife,  call'd,  La  Pratique  du  Theatre,  he  would  have  known,  that  one 
main  ufe  of  the  Intervals  of  Acts  is,  that  fuch  a  Paufe  mould  (facilite  ceite 
agreable  illujion  qitil  faut  faire  aux  SpeBateurs  ;)  facilitate  that  agreeable 
Deception,  which  muft  be  put  upon  the  Spectators.  Tho  a  Tune  be- 
tween the  Acts  takes  up  but  a  very  little  time,  yet  the  Audiences  are  al- 
ways willing  to  help  their  own  Deception  fo  far,  to  allow  as  much  Time  I 
(pent  in  it,  as  the  Poet  finds  neceflary  fhould  be  employ'd  in  the  Conduct 
of  his  Fable.  And  therefore  'tis  the  Practice  of  all  knowing  Pcrets,  where 
more  Time  is  to  be  skip'd  over  than  could  be  taken  up  in  the  Action  up- 
on the  Stage,  to  fuppofe  that  intermediate  Time  fpent  during  the  Inter- 
vals of  the  Acts  :  by  which  Artifice  the  Spectators  come  into  the  Deceit, 
and  are  not  fhock'd  by  a  too  flagrant  Improbability,  W*  f*ft#urt  i&p^-» 

Like 


King  Henri  V.  1  p 

Like  little  body  with  a  mighty  heart ; 

What  might'ft  thou  do,  that  honour  would  thee  do, 

Were  all  thy  children  kind  and  natural  ! 

But  fee,  thy  fault  France  hath  in  thee  found  out  \ 

A  neft  of  hollow  bofoms,   which  he  fills 

With  treach'rous  crowns  •,  and  three  corrupted  men, 

One,  Richard  Earl  of  Cambridge,  and  the  fecond, 

Henry  Lord  Scroop  of  Majham,  and  the  third, 

Sir  Thomas  Grey  Knight  of  Northumberland, 

Have  for  the  gilt  of  France  (O  guilt,  indeed  !) 

Confirm'd  confpiracy  with  fearful  France  : 

And  by  their  hands  this  grace  of  Kings  muft  die, 

If  hell  and  treafon  hold  their  promifes, 

Ere  He  take  Hup  for  France  ;  and  in  Southampton. 

Linger  your  patience  on,  and  well  digeft 

Th'  abufe  of  diftance,  while  we  force  a  play. 

The  fum  is  paid,  the  traitors  are  agreed, 

The  King  is  fet  from  London,  and  the  fcene 

Is  now  tranfported,  gentles,   to  Southampton  : 

There  is  the  play-houfe  now,  there  muft  you  fit  ; 

And  thence  to  France  mail  we  convey  you  fafe, 

And  bring  you  back  ;  charming  the  narrow  leas 

To  give  you  gentle  pafs  :  for  if  we  may,  (n) 

We'll  not  offend  one  ftomach  with  our  play. 

But,  till  the  King  come  forth,  and  not  till  then, 

Unto  Southampton  do  we  fhift  our  fcene.  [Exit. 

(i  i)  ■        •  -i         -    i  charming  the  narrow  Seas 
To  give  you  gentle  Pafs  :]     Ben  Jonfon,    in  the  Prologue  to  his  Every 
Man  in  his  Humour,  feems  to  me  to  have  flurted  invidioufly  at  this  Play 
©four  Author's. 

He  rather  frays,  you  will  be  pleas' d  to  fee 

One  fucb  to  day,    as  other  Plays  Jhould  be  ; 

Where  neither  Chorus  njcafts  you  o'er  the  Seas,  Sec. 
Now  this  Comedy   of  Ben's   was   acted  in  the  Year  1598,  fo  that  Henry 
5  th,  confequently,   had  made  its  Appearance  on  the  Stage  earlier  than 
that  Period. 


B  2  ACT 


2D 


King  Henry  V. 


ACT    II. 


SCENE,    before  Quickly'*  Houfe  in  Eaftcheap. 

Enter  Corporal  Nim,  and  Lieutenant  Bardolph. 

Bardolph. 
ELL  met,  Corporal  Nim.  (12) 

Nim.  Good-morrow,  Lieutenant  Bardolph. 
Bard.  What,    are  Antient  Piftol  and  you 

friends  yet  ? 
Nim.  For  my  part,  I  care  not :  I  fay  lit- 
tle ;  but  when  time  mail  ferve,  there  mall  be  (miles  ; 
but  that  (hall  be  as  it  may.  I  dare  not  fight,  but  I  will 
wink  and  hold  out  mine  iron  ;  it  is  a  fimple  one  ;  but 
what  though  ?  it  will  toaft  cheefe,  and  it  will  endure  cold 
as  another  man's  fword  will  -,  and  there's  an  end. 

Bard.  I  will  beftow  a  breakfaft  to  make  you  friends, 
and  we'll  be  all  three  fworn  brothers  to  France :  let  it  be 
fo,  good  corporal  Nim. 

(12)  Bard.  Well  met,  Corporal  Nim.]  I  have  chofe  to  begin  the  2d 
Atl  here,  becaufe  each  Aft  may  clofe  regularly  with  a  Chorus.  Not  that 
I  am  periwaded,  this  was  the  Poet's  Intention  to  mark  the  Intervals  of" 
his  ASis  :  as  the  Chorus  did  on  the  old  Grecian  Stage.  He  had  no  Occa- 
Fion  of  this  fort :  fince,  in  his  Time,  the  Paufes  of  Action  were  filPd  up, 
as  now,  with  a  LefTon  of  Muiick.  And  therefore  he  might  think  him- 
felf  at  Liberty  to  introduce  his  Chorus  where  he  pleas'd  ;  and  whenever 
any  Gap  was  made  in  Hillory,  which  was  necefiary  to  be  explain'd  for 
the  Connection  betwixt  Action  and  Action.  In  Pericles,  Prince  of  Tyre, 
(a  Play,  which  has  been  attributed  to  our  Author  ;  and,  indeed,  fome 
Part  of  it  is  certainly  of  his  Writing:)  it  is  evident,  that  the  Chorus 
fometimes  Ipeaks  in  the  middle  of  the  Acls.  I'll  make  one  Obfervation, 
that  in  the  obfolete  Plays,  a  little  before  our  Author's1  time,  thefe  Stage- 
Divifions  were  more  precifely  afcertain'd.  For  then  a  Dumb  Show,  re- 
prefenting  what  was  expected  to  follow,  was  prefixed  at  the  Head  of 
every  Jft% 

Nim.  \ 


King  Henri  V.  21 

Nim.  Faith,  I  will  live  fo  long  as  I  may,  that's  the 
certain  of  it;  and  when  I  cannot  live  any  longer,  I  will 
do  as  I  may  :  that  is  my  reft,  that  is  the  rendezvous 
of  it. 

Bard.  It  is  certain,  corporal,  that  he  is  married  to 
Nel  Quickly ;  and  certainly  Ihe  did  you  wrong,  for  you 
were  troth-plight  to  her. 

Nim.  I  cannot  tell,  things  muft  be  as  they  may  •,  men 
may  fleep,  and  they  may  have  their  throats  about  them 
at  that  time  ;  and  fome  fay,  knives  have  edges:  it  muft 
be  as  it  may  ;  tho  patience  be  a  tir'dMare,  (13)  yet  fhe  f~ 
will  plod  ;  there  muft  be  conclufions ;  well,  I  cannot 
tell. 

Enter  Piftol  and  Quickly. 

Bard.  Here  comes  antient  Piftol  and  his  wife ;  good 
corporal,  be  patient  here.     How  now,    mine  hoft  Piftol? 

Pift.  Bafe  tyke,  call'ft  thou  me  hoft?  now  by  this 
hand,  I  fwear,  I  fcorn  the  term  \  nor  mail  my  Nel  keep 
lodgers. 

Quick.  No,  by  my  troth,  not  long  :  for  we  cannot 
lodge  and  board  a  dozen  or  fourteen  gentlewomen,  that 
live  honeftly  by  the  prick  of  their  needles,  but  it  will  be 
thought  we  keep  a  bawdy-houfe  ftraight.  O  welliday 
lady,  if  he  be  not  drawn  !  (14)  Now  we  fhall  fee  wilful 
adultery,  and  murther  committed. 

{13)  Tho  Patience  be  a  /zVVname,  yet  She  will  plod.]  A  tir'd  Name 
plodding,  fure,  is  a  very  fingular  Expreflion,  I  make  no  Doubt,  but  it  is  a 
Corruption  of  the  Prefs,  and  that  I  have  reftor'd  the  true  Reading  from 
the  old  Quarto. 

{14)  O  welliday  Lady,  if  he  be  not  hewn  kcwJ  I  cannot  underfland  the 
Drift  of  this  Expreflion.  If  he  be  not  hewn,  muft  fignify,  if  lie  be  not 
cut  down  ;  and  in  that  Cafe,  the  very  Thing  is  fuppos'd,  which  Quickly 
was  apprehenfive  of.  But  I  rather  think,  her  Fright  arifes  upon  feeing 
their  Swords  drawn  :  4and  I  have  ventur'd  to  make  a  flight  Alteration 
accordingly.  If  he  be  not  drawn,  for,  if  he  has  not  his  Sword  drawn^  is 
an  Expreflion  familiar  with  our  Poet :  So,  in  the  Tempejl. 

Why,  how  now,  ho  ?   awake  ?  'why  are  you  drawn  ? 
And  in  Romeo  and  Juliet  j 

What,  art  thou  drawn  among  thefe  heartlefs  hinds  f 

B  3  Bard. 


2  %  King  Henry  V. 

Bard.  Good  lieutenant,   good  corporal,    offer  nothing 
here. 

Nim.  Pifli! 

Pift.  Piih  for  thee,    Ifland  dog  •,    thou  prick-ear'd  cur 
of  Ifland. 

Quick.  Good  corporal  Nim,  fhew  thy  valpur  and  put- 
up  thy  fword. 

Mm.  Will  you  fhog  off?   I  would  have  you  folus. 

Pift.  Solus,  egregious  dog  !    O  viper  vile  ! 
The  folus  in  thy  moft  marvellous  face, 
The  folus  in  thy  teeth,  and  in  thy  throat, 
And  in  thy  hateful  lungs  •,   yea,   in  thy  maw,  perdy  ; 
And,    which  is  worfe,  within  thy  nafty  mouth. 
I  do  retort  the  folus  in  thy  bowels  ; 
For  I  can  take,  and  Pift  el's  cock  is  up, 
And  flaming  fire  will  follow. 

Nim.  I  am  not  Barbafon,  youxannot  conjure  me:  I 
have  an  humour  to  knock  you  indifferently  well  ;  if 
you  grow  foul  with  me,  Piflol,  I  will  fcour  you  with 
my  rapier  as  I  may,  in  fair  terms.  If  you  would  walk 
off,  I  would  prick  your  guts  a  little  in  good  terms  as  I 
may,  and  that's  the  humour  of  it. 

Pift.  O  braggard  vile,  and  damned  furious  wight ! 
The  grave  doth  gape,  and  doating  death  is  near ; 
Therefore  exhale. 

Bard.  Hear  me,  hear  me,  what  I  fay  :  he  that  ftrikes 
the  firft  ftroke,  I'll  run  him  up  to  the  hilts  as  I  am  a 
foldier. 

Pift.  An  Oath  of  mickle  might  •,   and  fury  (hall  abate. 
Give  me  thy  fift,  thy  fore-foot  to  me  give  : 
Thy  fpirits  are  moft  tall. 

Mm.  I  will  cut  thy  throat  one  time  or  other  in  fair 
terms,  that  is  the  humour  of  it.  [gain. 

Pift.  Coupe  a  gorge,   that  is  the  word.     I  defie  thee  a* 
O  hound  of  Greet,  think*ft  thou  my  fpoufe  to  get  ? 
No,  to  the  fpittle  go, 
And  from  the  powd'ring  tub  of  infamy 
Fetch  forth  the  lazar  Kite  of  Creffid's  kind, 
Dol  'Tear-Jbeet),  me  by  name,  and  her  efpoufe. 


I 


I  King  Henry  V.  25 

I  have,  and  I  will  hold  the  Quondam  Quickly 

For  th'  only  fhe  -,  and  pauca,  there's  enough  ;  go  to. 

Enter  the  Boy. 

Boy.  Mine  haft  Piftol,  you  muft  come  to  my  mafter, 
and  your  hoftefs :  he  is  very  lick,  and  would  to  bed. 
Good  Bardolph,  put  thy  nofe  between  his  meets,  and  do 
the  office  of  a  warming-pan  :  faith,  he's  very  ill. 

Bard.  Away,  you  rogue. 

Quick.  By  my  troth,  he'll  yield  the  Crow  a  pudding 
one  of  thefe  days ;  the  King  has  kill'd  his  heart.  Good 
husband,  come  home  prefently.  [Exit  Quick. 

Bard.  Come,  mail  I  make  you  two  friends  ?  we  muft 
to  France  together  :  why  the  devil  fhould  we  keep  knives 
to  cut  one  another's  throats  ? 

Pift.  Let   floods   o'erfwell,    and  fiends  for  food  howl 
on  ! 

Nim.  You'll  pay  me  the  eight  (hillings,  I  won  of  you 
at  betting  ? 

Pift.  Bafe  is  the  flave,   that  pays. 

Nim.  That  now  I  will  have  •,  that's  the  humour  of  it. 

Pift.  As  manhood  mall  compound,  pufh  home.  [Draw. 

Bard.  By  this  fword,  he  that  makes  the  firft  thruft, 
I'll  kill  him  -,  by  this  fword,  I  will. 

Pift.  Sword  is  an  oath,  and  oaths  muft  have  their 
courfe. 

Bard.  Corporal  Nim,  an  thou  wilt  be  friends,  be 
friends  •,  an  thou  wilt  not,  why  then  be  enemies  with  me 
too  •,  pr'ythee,  put  up. 

Pift.  A  noble  (halt  thou  have  and  prefentpay  ; 
And  liquor  likewife  will  I  give  to  thee  ; 
And  friendfhip  fhall  combine  and  brotherhood. 
I'll  live  by  Nim,  and  Nim  mall  live  by  me. 
Is  not  this  jufb  ?  for  I  fhall  Suttler  be 
Unco  the  camp,  and  profits  will  accrue. 
Give  me  thy  hand. 

Nim.  I  fhall  have  my  noble  i 

Pift.  In  cam  moft  juftly  paid. 

Nim.  Weil  then,  that's  the  humour  oft. 

B  4  R*> 


24  King  Henry  V. 

Re-enter  Quickly. 

Quick.  As  ever  you  came  of  women,  come  in  quickly 
to  Sir  John :  ah,  poor  heart,  he  is  fo  fhak'd  of  a  burn- 
ing quotidian  tertian,  that  it  is  mod  lamentable  to  behold. 
Sweet  men,  come  to  him. 

Nim.  The  King  hath  run  bad  humours  on  the  Knight^ 
that's  the  even  of  it. 

Pift.  Nim,  thou  haft  fpoken  the  right,  his  heart  is 
fracfted  and  corroborate. 

Nim.  The  King  is  a  good  King,  but  it  muft  be  as  it 
may  ;  he  partes  iome  humours  and  carreers. 

Pifl.  Let  us  condole  the  Knight ;  for,  lambkins !  we 
will  live.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to  Southampton. 

Enter  Exeter,  Bedford,  and  Weflmorland. 

Bed.  ^TT^O  R  E  God,  his  Grace  is  bold  to  truft  thefe  trai- 
XJ  tors. 

Exe.  They  (hall  be  apprehended  by  and  by. 

Weft.  How  fmooth  and  even  they  do  bear  themfelves, 
As  if  allegiance  in  their  bofoms  fate, 
Crowned  with  faith  and  conftant  loyalty  ! 

Bed.  The  King  hath  note  of  all  that  they  intend, 
By  interception  which  they  dream  not  of. 

Exe.  Nay,  but  the  man  that  was  his  bed-fellow, 
Whom  he  hath  lull'd  and  cloy'd  with  gracious  favours  % 
That  he  ihould  for  a  foreign  purfe  fo  fell 
His  Soveraign's  life  to  death  and  treachery ! 

[Trumpets  found. 

Enter  the  King,  Scroop,  Cambridge,  Grey,  and  Attendants. 

K.  Henry.  Now  fits  the  wind  fair,  and  we  will  aboard. 
My  lord  of  Cambridge,  and  my  lord  of  Majham, 
And  you,  my  gentle  Knight,  give  me  your  thoughts : 
Think  you  not,  that  the  pow'rs,  we  bear  with  us, 
Will  cut  their  pallage  through  the  force  of  France  \ 

Doing 


King  Henry  V.  2j 

Doing  the  execution  and  the  act 

For  which  we  have  in  head  affembled  them  ?  "+aiJL.  W 

Scroop.  No  doubt,  my  Liege  ;  if  each  man  do  his  beft. 

K.  Henry.  I  doubt  not  that ;    fince  we  are  well  per- 
We  carry  not  a  heart  with  us  from  hence,  [fuaded, 

That  grows  not  in  a  fair  confent  with  ours : 
Nor  leave  not  one  behind,  that  doth  not  wifh 
Succefs  and  conqueft  to  attend  on  us. 

Cam.  Never  was  monarch  better  fear'd,  and  lov'd, 
Than  is  your  Majefty  -,  there's  not  a  fubjed:, 
That  fits  in  heart-grief  and  uneafinefs 
Under  the  fweet  made  of  your  government. 

Grey.  True  ;  thofe,  that  were  your  father's  enemies, 
Have  fteept  their  gauls  in  honey,  and  do  ferve  you 
With  hearts  create  of  duty  and  of  zeal. 

K.  Henry.  We  therefore  have  great  caufe  of  thankful- 
And  mail  forget  the  office  of  our  hand,  [nefs  j 

Sooner  than  quittance  of  defert  and  merit, 
According  to  the  weight  and  worthinefs. 

Scroop.  So  fervice  (hall  wkh  Heeled  fmews  toil  ; 
And  labour  mail  refrefh  it  felf  with  hope, 
To  do  your  Grace  inceffant  fervices. 

K.  Henry.  We  judge  no  lefs.     Uncle  of  Exeter^ 
Inlarge  the  man  committed  yefterday, 
That  rail'd  againft  our  perfon  :  we  confider, 
It  was  excels  of  wine  that  fet  him  on, 
And  on  his  more  advice  we  pardon  him. 

Scroop.  That's  mercy,  but  too  much  fecurity : 
Let  him  be  punifrYd,  Soveraign,  left  example 
Breed  (by  his  fuff'rance)  more  of  fuch  a  kind. 

K.  Henry.  O,  let  us  yet  be  merciful. 

Cam.  So  may  your  Highnefs,  and  yet  punifh  too. 

Grey.  You  mew  great  mercy,  if  you  give  him  life, 
After  the  tafte  of  much  correction, 

K.  Henry.  Alas,  your  too  much  love  and  care  of  me 
Are  heavy  orifons  'gainft  this  poor  wretch. 

If  little  faults,  proceeding  on  diftemper,  [llfil 

Shall  not  be  wink'd  at,  how  (hall  we  ftretch  our  eye, 
When  capital  crimes,  chew'd,  fwallow'd  and  digefted, 
Appear  before  us  ?  we'll  yet  enlarge  that  man, 

Though 


i6  King  Henry  V. 

Though  Cambridge,  Scroop,  and  Grey,  in  their  dear  care 
And  tender  prefervation  of  our  perfon, 
Would  have  him  punim'd.     Now  to  our  French  caufes, 
Who  are  the  late  Commiflioners  ? 

Cam.  I  one,  my  lord. 
Your  Highnefs  bad  me  ask  for  it  to-day. 

Scroop.  So  did  you  me,  my  Liege. 

Grey.  And  I,  my  Soveraign.  .:.   ;-  '       [yours: 

K.  Henry.  Then  Richard,  Earl  of  Cambridge.,  there  is 
There  yours,  lord  Scroop  of  Majham  •,  and  Sir  Knight, 
Grey  of  'Northumberland,  this  fame  is  yours  ; 
Read  them,  and  know,  I  know  your  worthinefs. 
My  *ord  of  Wcjlmorland  and  uncle  Exeter, 
We  will  aboard  to  night.     Why,  how  now,  gentlemen  ? 
What  fee  you  in  thofe  papers,  that  you  lofe 
So  much  complexion?  look  ye,  how  they  change! 
Their  cheeks  are  paper.     Why,  what  read  you  there, 
That  hath  fo  cowarded,  and  chas'd  your  blood 
Out  of  appearance  ? 

Cam.  I  confefs  my  fault, 
And  do  fubmit  me  to  your  Highnefs'  mercy. 

Grey.  Scroop.  To  which  we  all  appeal.  _ 

K  Henry.  The  mercy,  that  was  quick  in  us  but  late, 
Bv  your  own  connfel  is  fupprefs'd  and  kill'd- 
You  mud  not  dare  for  mame  to  talk  of  mercy  •, 
For  your  own  reafons  turn  upon  your  boioms, 
As  dogs  upon  their  mailers,  worrying  you. 
See  you,  my  Princes  and  my  noble  Peers 
Thefe  EngUJh  monfters!  my  lord  Cambridge  here, 
You  know,  how  apt  our  love  was  to  accord 
To  furnilh  him  with  all  appertinents 
Belonging  to  his  Honour  ;  and  this  man  # 
Hath  for  a  few  light  crowns  lightly  confpir  d, 
And  fworn  unto  the  practices  of  France 
To  kill  us  here  in  Hampton.    To  the  which, 
This  Knight,  no  lefs  for  bounty  bound  to  us 
Than  Cambridge  is,  hath  likewife  fworn.     But  O  ! 
What  (hall  I  fay  to  thee,  lord  Scroop,  thou  cruel, 
Ingrateful,  favage,  and  inhuman  creature  ! 


King  Henry  V*  27 

Thou,  that  didft  bear  the  key  of  all  my  counfels, 

That  knew'ft  the  very  bottom  of  my  foul, 

That  almoft  might'ft  have  coin'd  me  into  gold, 

Would'ft  thou  have  praclis'd  on  me  for  thy  ufe : 

May  it  be  poflible,  that  foreign  hire 

Could  out  of  thee  extract  one  fpark  of  evil, 

That  might  annoy  my  finger  ?  'tis  fo  ftrange, 

That  though  the  truth  of  it  ftand  off  as  grofs 

As  black  and  white,  my  eye  will  fcarcely  fee  it. 

Treafon  and  murder  ever  kept  together, 

As  two  yoak-devils  fworn  to  either's  purpofe : 

Working  fo  grofly  in  a  natural  caufe, 

That  admiration  did  not  whoop  at  them. 

But  thou,  'gainft  all  proportion,  didft  bring  in 

Wonder  to  wait  on  treafon,  and  on  murther : 

And  whatfoever  cunning  fiend  it  was, 
That  wrought  upon  thee  fo  prepoft'roufly, 

Hath  got  the  voice  in  hell  for  excellence : 

And  other  devils,  that  fuggeft  by-treafons, 

Do  botch  and  bungle  up  damnation, 

With  patches,  colours,  and  with  forms  being  fetcht 

From  glift'ring  femblances  of  piety : 

But  he,  that  temper'd  thee,  bad  thee  ftand  up  ; 

Gave  thee  no  inftance  why  thou  fhouldft  do  treafon, 

Unlefs  to  dub  thee  with  the  name  of  traitor. 

If  that  fame  Daemon,  that  hath  gulPd  thee  thus, 

Should  with  his  Lion-gate  walk  the  whole  world, 

He  might  return  to  vafty  Tartar  back, 

And  tell  the  legions,  I  can  never  win 

A  foul  fo  eafy  as  that  Engli/hman's. 

Oh,  how  haft  thou  with  jealoufie  infected 

The  fweetnefs  of  affiance  !  Shew  men  dutiful  ? 

Why  fo  didft  thou :  or  feem  they  grave  and  learned  ? 

Why  fo  didft  thou :  come  they  of  noble  family  ? 

Why  fo  didft  thou  :  feem  they  religious  ? 

Why  fo  didft  thou :  or  are  they  fpare  in  diet, 

Free  from  grofs  paflion  or  of  mirth,  or  anger, 

Conftant  in  fpiriv  nor  fwerving  with  the  blood, 

Garniih'd  and  deck'd  in  modeft  compliment, 

Not 


*8  King  Henry  V. 

Not  working  with  the  ear,  but  with  the  eye,  (15) 
And  but  in  purged  judgment  trufting  neither  ? 
Such,  and  fo  finely  boulted  didft  thou  feem. 
And  thus  thy  fall  hath  left  a  kind  of  blot,  (16) 
To  mark  the  full  fraught  man,  the  beft  endu'd, 
With  fome  fufpicion.     I  will  weep  for  thee. 
For  this  revolt  of  thine,  methinks,  is  like 

Another  fall  of  man Their  faults  are  open  s 

Arreft  them  to  the  anfwer  of  the  law, 
And  God  acquit  them  of  their  practices  ! 

Exe.  I  arreft  thee  of  high  treafon,    by  the  name  of 
Richard  Earl  of  Cambridge. 

I  arreft  thee  of  high  treafon,  by  the  name  of  Henry  (17) 
Lord  Scroop  of  Majham. 

I 

(1 5)  Not  working  with  the  Eye  without  the  Ear,]  He  is  here  giving 
the  Chara&er  of  a  compleat  Gentleman,  and  fays,  he  did  not  trufi  his 
Eye  without  the  Confirmation  of  his  Ear.  But  was  ever  any  thing  fo  pre- 
pofterous  ?  When  Men  have  Eyefight-proof,  they  think  they  have  fuffi- 
cient  Evidence,  and  don't  ftay  for  the  Confirmation  of  an  Hear-fay. 
But  prudent  Men,  on  the  contrary,  won't  truli  the  Credit  of  the  Ear,  till 
it  be  confirmed  by  the  Demonftration  of  the  Eye.  And  this  is  that  Con- 
duel:  for  which  the  King  would  here  commend  him.  So  that  we  mull 
affuredly  read. 

Not  working  with  the  Ear,  but  with  the  Eye-  Mr.  Warhurton. 

(16}  And  thus  thy  fall  hath  left  a  kind  of  'Blot , 
\  To  make  the  full-fraught  Man,  the  beft,  endued 

With  fome  fufpicion."]  Thus  Mr.  Pope  has  ftop'd  this  Paflage.  If 
he  underftands  the  Senfe  of  it,  as  it  Hands  here,  it  is  more  than  I  do ;  or 
if  he  believes,  that,  to  make  a  Man  endued  with  Sufpicion,  was  the  Phrafe 
©f  our  Author,  I  muft  beg  to  be  excus'd  if  I  have  not  fo  much  Credulity. 
I  am  perfuaded,  I  have  refcued  the  Text  from  the  Obfcurity  and  Corrup- 
tion it  lay  under.  Our  Author  has  the  fame  Thought  again  in  lis 
Cymbeline. 

So  thou,  Pofthumus, 

Wilt  lay  the  Leven  to  all  proper  Men ; 

Goodly,  and  gallant,  fhall  he  falfe  and  perjured, 

From  thy  great  Fail. 
I  had  almoft  forgot  to  obferve,  that  in  Timon  of  Athens,  we  again  meet 
with  mark,  employed  as  in  this  Paffage. 

— — — For  mine  own  party 

I  newer  tajled  Timon  in  my  Life ; 

Nor  any  of  his  Bounties  came  o'er  met 

To  mark  me  for  his  Friend.- 

(17)  by  the  name  of  Thomas  Lord  Scroop  of  Mafham.]    The 

Blunder  of  the  Editors  in  the  firft  Folio's  led  Mr.  Rowe  and  Mr.  Pope  into 

an 


King  Henri  V.  29 

I  arreft  thee  of  high  treafon,  by  the  name  of  Thomas 
Grey,  Knight  of  Northumberland. 

Scroop.  Our  purpofes  God  juftly  hath  difcover'd, 
And  I  repent  my  fault,  more  than  my  death  ; 
Which  I  befeech  your  Highnefs  to  forgive, 
Although  my  body  pay  the  price  of  it. 

Cam.  For  me,*  the  gold  of  France  did  not  feduce,  (t  / 

Although  I  did  admit  it  as  a  motive 
The  fooner  to  effect  what  I  intended  ; 
But  God  be  thanked  for  prevention, 
Which  I  in  fuff'rance  heartily  rejoice  for, 
Befeeching  God  and  you  to  pardon  me. 

Grey.  Never  did  faithful  fubject  more  rejoice 
At  the  difcovery  of  moft  dangerous  treafon, 
Than  1  do  at  this  hour  joy  o'er  my  felf, 
Prevented  from  a  damned  enterprize  : 
My  fault,  but  not  my  body,  pardon,  Soveraign. 

K.  Henry.  God  quit  you  in  his  mercy  !   hear  your  fen- 
You  have  confpir'd  againft  our  royal  perfon,  [tence ;    N 

Join'd  with  an  enemy  proclaimed,  and  from  his  coffers 
Receiv'd  the  golden  earned  of  our  death  ; 
Wherein  you  would  have  fold  your  King  to  (laughter, 
His  Princes  and  his  Peers  to  fervitude, 
His  fubjects  to  oppreffion  and  contempt, 
And  his  whole  kingdom  into  defolation. 
Touching  our  perfon,  feek  we  no  revenge  ; 
But  we  our  kingdom's  fafety  muff  fo  tender, 
Whofe  ruin  you  three  fought,  that  to  her  laws 
We  do  deliver  you.     Go  therefore  hence, 
(Poor  miferable  wretches)  to  your  death  ; 
The  tafte  whereof  God  of  his  mercy  give 
You  patience  to  endure  ;  and  true  repentance 
Of  all  your  dear  offences  !    Bear  them  hence.        [Exeunt. 
Now,  lords,  for  France ;  the  enterprize  whereof 
Shall  be  to  you,  as  us,  like  glorious. 

an  Error  here  :  which  they  might  have  been  aware  of,  had  they  either 
confulted  the  Chronicles,  or  the  Reading  of  the  old  4to's  in  this  PafTage. 
Nay,  had  they  but  turn'd  back  to  the  Chorus  at  the  End  of  the  firft  Act, 
they  might  have  found  that  Lord  Majkatris  Chriltian  Name  was  Henry, 
and  not  Ihomas. 

i  Wc 


30  King  He  nrt  V, 

We  doubt  not  of  a  fair  and  lucky  war, 

Since  God  fo  gracioufly  hath  brought  to  light 

This  dangerous  treafon  lurking  in  our  way, 

To  hinder  our  beginning.     Now  we  doubt  not, 

But  every  rub  is  fmoothed  in  our  way  : 

Then  forth,  dear  countrymen  ;  let  us  deliver 

Our  puifTance  into  the  hand  of  God, 

Putting  it  ftrait  in  expedition. 

Chearly  to  fea  ;  the  figns  of  war  advance  ; 

No  King  of  England,  if  not  King  of  France.         [Exeunh 

SCENE  changes  to  Quickly'j  houfe  in  Eaftcheap. 

Enter  Piftol,  Nim,  Bardolph,  Boy,  and  Quickly. 

i^/Vi.TQR'ythee,    honey-fweet  husband,  let  me   bring 
J^     tnee  to  Staines. 

Piftol.  No,  for  my  manly  heart  doth  yern. 
Bardolph,  be  blith  :  Nim,  rouze  thy  vaunting  veins  : 
Boy,  briflle  thy  courage  up ;  for  Falftaff  he  is  dead, 
And  we  muft  yern  therefore. 

Bard.    Would  I  were   with   him  wherefome'er  he  is, 
either  in  heaven  or  in  hell. 

ghiick.  Nay,  fare,  he's  not  in  hell;  he's  in  Arthur's 
bofom,  if  ever  man  went  to  Arthur's  bofom.  He  made 
a  finer  end,  and  went  away,  an  it  had  been  any  chriftom . 
child  ;  a'  parted  even  juft  between  twelve  and  one,  even 
at  the  turning  o'th'  tide :  For  after  I  faw  him  fumble 
with  the  fheets,  and  play  with  flowers,  and  fmile  upon 
his  finger's  end,  I  knew  there  was  but  one  way  ;  for 
(io)  his  nofe  was  as  fharp  as  a  pen,  and  a'  babied  of 
green    fields.      How  now,   Sir  John  ?    quoth  I :    what, 

man  ? 

(18)  His  Nofe  was  as  Jharp  as  a  Pen,  and  a  Table  of  green  fields.] 
So  the  firft  Folio.  Mr.  Pope  has  obferv'd,  that  thefe  Words,  and  a  Table 
of  green  fields,  are  not  in  the  old  ^.to's.  This  Nonfenfe,  (continues  He,) 
got  into  all  the  following  Editions  by  a  pleafant  Mijiake  of  the  Stage-Editors, 
who  printed  from  the  connnon  peacemeal-written  Parts  in  the  Play-houfe.  A 
Table  was  here  diretled  to  be  brought  in  (it  being  a  Scene  in  a  Tavern  whert 
they  drink  at  parting ;)  and  this  Direction  crept  into  the  Text  from  the 
Margin.    Greenfield  was  the  Name  of  the  Property-man  in  that  time  wha 

fiirnifffd 


King  Henry  VV  31 

man  ?  be  of  good  cheer :  fo  a'  cried  out  God,  God,  God, 
three  or  four  times.  Now  I,  to  comfort  him,  bid  him, 
a'  fhou'd  not  think  of  God  ;  I  hop'd,  there  was  no  need 
to  trouble  himfelf  with  any  fuch  thoughts  yet :  fo-a*  bad 
me  lay  more  clothes  on  his  feet :  I  put  my  hand  into  the 
bed  and  felt  them,  and  they  were  as  cold  as  a  ftone  : 
then  I  felt  to  his  knees,  and  fo  upward,  and  upward,  and 
all  was  as  cold  as  any  ftone. 

Nim.  They  fay,  he  cried  out  of  fack. 

Quick.  Ay,  that  a'  did. 

Bard.  And  of  women, 

Quick.  Nay,  that  a'  did  not. 

furnijtfd  Implements,  &c.  for  the  Aclors.  A  Table  of  Greenfields. 
As  to  the  Hiftory  of  Greenfield  being  then  Property-man,  whether  it  was 
really  fo,  or  it  be  only  a  gratis  diclum,  is  a  Point  which  I  fhall  not 
contend  about.  But  were  we1  to  allow  this  marginal  Direction,  and 
fuppofe  that  a  Table  of  Greenfield's  was  wanting;  yet  it  never  was 
cuftomary  in  the  Prompter's  Book,  (much  lefs,  in  the  peacemeal  Parts ;) 
where  any  fuch  Directions  are  marginally  inferted  for  Properties  or  Imple- 
ments wanted,  to  add  the  Property-man's  Name,  whofe  Bufinefs  it  was 
to  provide  them.  Befides,  the  furniming  Chairs  and  Tables  is  not  the 
Province  of  the  Property-man,  but  of  the  Scene-keepers.  But  there  is  a 
ftronger  Objection  yet  againfl  this  Obfervation  advanced  by  the  Editor. 
He  feems  to  imagine,  that  when  Implements  are  wanted  in  any  Scene, 

I  the  Direction  for  them  is  mark'd  in  the  middle  of  that  Scene,  though  the 
Things  are  to  be  got  ready  againfl  the  Beginning  of  it.  But  the  Direc- 
tions for  Entrances  and  Properties  wanting,  ('tis  well  known,),  are  always 
mark'd  in  the  Book  at  about  a  Page  in  Quantity  before  the  Actors  quoted 
are  to  enter,  or  the  Properties  to  be  ufed ;  that  the  Stage  may  not  Hand 
ftill.  And  therefore,  Greenfield 's  Table  can  be  of  no  Ufe  to  us  for  this 
Scene.  Nor,  indeed,  is  any  Table  requifite.  The  Scene,  'tis  true,  is 
in  a  Tavern ;  but  the  Company  have  no  Bufinefs  to  fit  down.  There  is 
not  the  leafl  Intimation  of  any  Drink  going  round  :  It  is  in  PifioPs  own 
Houfe,  as  he  had  married  Quickly :  he  and  his  Comerades  are  on  their 
Feet,  and  juft  fetting  out  for  France.  The  Defcription  of  Falflaffifs 
Death,  and  what  he  talk'd  of,  is  the  only  Thing  that  retards  them  for  a 
few  Minutes :  after  which  they  kifs  their  Hoftefs,  and  part.  The  Con- 
jectural Emendation  I  have  given,  is  fo  near  to  the  Traces  of  the  Letters 
in  the  corrupted  Text ;  that  I  have  ventur'd  to  infert  it  as  the  genuine 
Reading.  It  has  certainly  been  obferv'd  (in  particular,  by  the  Super- 
ftition  of  Women  ;)  of  People  near  Death,  when  they  are  delirious  by  a 
Fever,  that  they  talk  of  removing :  as  it  has  of  Thofe  in  a  Calenture, 
that  they  have  their  heads  run  on  green  Fields.,  ,To  bable,  or  babble,  is 
to  mutter,  or  fpeak  indifcriminately ;  like  Children,  that  cannot  yet 
talk?  or  like  dying  Perfons,  when  they  are  lofing  the  Ufe  of  Speech. 


Boy. 


j2  King  Henry  V. 

Boy.  Yes,  that  he  did  j  and  faid,  they  were  devils  in- 
carnate. 

Quick.  A'  could  never  abide  carnation,  'twas  a  colour 
he  never  lik'd. 

Boy.  He  faid  once,  the  deule  would  have  him  about 
women. 

Quick.  He  did  in  fome  fort,  indeed,  handle  women  ; 
but  then  he  was  rheumatick,  and  talk'd  of  the  whore  of 
Babylon. 

Boy.  Do  you  not  remember,  he  faw  a  Flea  ftick  upon 
Bardolpb's  nofe,  and  faid,  it  was  a  black  foul  burning 
in  hell  ? 

Bard.  Well,  the  fuel  is  gone,  that  maintain' d  that 
fire :  that's  all  the  riches  I  got  in  his  fervice. 

Nim.  Shall  we  fhogg  ?  the  King  will  be  gone  from 
Southampton. 

Fiji.  Come,  let's  away.     My  love,  give  me  thy  lips: 
Look  to  my  chattels,  and  my  moveables  ; 
Let  fenfes  rule ;  the  word  is,  pitch  and  pay  ; 
Truft   none,    for    oaths   are    draws  ;    men's   faiths    arc 

wafer-cakes, 
And  hold-faft  is  the  only  dog,  my  Duck, 
Therefore  Caveto  be  thy  counfellor. 
Go,  clear  thy  cryflals.     Yoke-fellows  in  arms, 
Let  us  to  France  *,  like  Horfe-leeches,  my  boys ; 
To  fuck,  to  fuck,  the  very  blood  to  fuck. 

Boy.  And  that's  but  unwholfome  food,  they  fay. 

Fiji.  Touch  her  foft  mouth  and  march. 

Bard.  Farewel,  hoftefs. 

Nirn.  I  cannot  kifs,  that  is  the  humour  of  it  ;  but 
adieu. 

Fiji.  Let  houfewifery  appear  •>  keep  clofe,  I  thee 
command. 

Quick.  Farewel  j  adieu.  [Exeunt. 


SCENE 


King  Henry  V.  33 

SCENE  changes  to  the  French  King's  Palace. 

Enter  the  French  King,  the  Dauphin,  the  Duke  of  Bur- 
gundy, and  the  Cofiftable. 

Fr.  King.  fTI  H  U  S  come  the  Englijh  with  full  power 

JL  upon  us, 

And  more  than*carefully  it  us  concerns  C 

To  anfwer  royally  in  our  defences. 
Therefore  the  Dukes  of  Berry,  and  of  Britain, 
Of  Brabant,  and  of  Orleans,  fhall  make  forth, 
And  you,  Prince  Dauphin,  with  all  fwift  difpatch  ; 
To  line,  and  new  repair  our  towns  of  war, 
With  men  of  courage,  and  with  means  defendant: 
For  England  his  Approaches  makes  as  fierce, 
As  waters  to  the  fucking  of  a  gulf. 
It  fits  us  then  to  be  as  provident, 
As  fear  may  teach  us  out  of  late  examples ; 
Left  by  the  fatal  and  neglected  Englijh 
Upon  our  fields. 

Dan.  My  moft  redoubted  father, 
It  is  moft  meet  we  arm  us  'gainft  the  foe : 
For  peace  it  felf  mould  not  fo  dull  a  Kingdom, 
(Though  war,  nor  no  known  quarrel,  were  in  queftion) 
But  that  defences,  mufters,  preparations, 
Should  be  maintain'd,  afTembled,  and  collected, 
As  were  a  war  in  expectation. 
Therefore,  I  fay,  'tis  meet  we  all  go  forth, 
To  view  the  fick  and  feeble  parts  of  France : 
And  let  us  do  it  with  no  mew  of  fear ; 
No,  with  no  more,  than  if  we  heard  that  England 
Were  bufied  with  a  Whltfon  morris-dance : 
For,  my  good  Liege,  fhe  is  fo  idly  king'd, 
Her  fcepter  fo  fantaftically  born, 
By  a  vain,  giddy,  fhallow,  humorous  youth, 
That  fear  attends  her  not. 

Con.  O  peace,  Prince  Dauphin ! 
You  are  too  much  miftaken  in  this  King : 
Queftion  your  Grace  the  Jate  ambaffadors, 

Vol.  IV.  C  .  With 


34  King  Henry  V.- 

With  what  great  ftate  he  heard  their  embaffie  5 
How  well  fupply'd  with  noble  counfellors, 
How  modeft  in  exception,  and  withal 
How  terrible  in  conitant  refolution : 
And  you  fhall  find,  his  vanities  fore-fpent 
Were  but  the  out-fide  of  the  Roman  Brutus, 
Covering  difcretion  with  a  coat  of  folly  ; 
As  gardeners  do  with  ordure  hide  thofe  roots, 
That  fhall  firft  fpring  and  be  moft  delicate. 

Dau.  Well,  'tis  not  fo,  my  lord  high  conftable. 
But  tho  we  think  it  fo,  it  is  no  matter  : 
In  caufes  of  defence,  'tis  bed  to  weigh 
The  enemy  more  mighty  than  he  feems  ; 
So  the  proportions  of  defence  are  fill'd  ; 
Which  of  a  weak  and  niggardly  projection, 
Doth,  like  a  mifer,  fpoil  his  coat  with  fcanting 
A  little  cloth. 

Fr.  King.  Think  we  King  Harry  flrong  ; 
And,  Princes,  look,  you  ftrongly  arm  to  meet  him. 
The  kindred  of  him  hath  been  flefh'd  upon  us  5 
And  he  is  bred  out  of  that  bloody  {train, 
uitH^  That  naunted  us  in  our  familiar  paths : 
hA    Witnefs  our  too  much  memorable  fhame, 
When  Cr^-battel  fatally  was  ftruck  ; 
And  all  our  princes  captiv'd  by  the  hand 
Of  that  black  name,  Edward  black  Prince  of  Wales: 
While  that  his  mounting  fire,  on  mountain  (landing,  (igf 

(19)  While  that  his  mountain  Sire,  on  mountain  ft anding,"]  But  why 
mountain  Sire  ?  The  Trench  King  does  not  mean  to  fay  any  thing  dens 
gatory,  or  fcoffingly  of  King  Edward  the  Third ;  as  Fluellin  afterward^ 
in  this  Play,  as  a  Welchman,  is  ft)Td  Mountain-Squire :  nor  is  the  Sizei 
or  Stature  of  King  Edward  alluded  to,  as  if  he  had  been  inftar  Montis* 
I  have  no  Doubt,  but  our  Author  intended  mounting  Sire,  i.  e.  high- 
minded,  afpiring.  In  this  Senfe,  in  the  firft  Aft,  the  Archbifhop  ojf 
Canterbury  feems  to  be  fpeaking  of  this  Prince. 

While  his  moft  mighty  Father  on  a  hill,  &c. 
And  the  Epithet,  mounting^  our  Poet  has  more  than  Once  employ'd  in 
thefe  Significations. 
So  in  Love's  Labour  loft ; 

Who  eer  he  <was,  hejhenrida  mounting  Mind. 
And  in  King  John. 

But  this  is  <worJhipful  Society  ; 

And  Jits  the  mounting  Spirit  like  My  f elf, 

Up 


King  Henri  V.  35 

Up  in  the  air,  crown'd  with  the  golden  fun,  V33] 

Saw  his  heroick  feed,  and  fmiPd  to  fee  him 

Mangle  the  work  of  nature  :  and  deface 

The  patterns,  that  by  God  and  by  French  fathers 

Had  twenty  years  been  made.     This  is  a  ftem 

Of  that  victorious  ftock  •,  and  let  us  fear 

The  native  mightinefs  and  fate  of  him, 

Enter  a  Mejfenger. 

Meff.  Ambaffadors  from  Harry,  King  of  England* 
Do  crave  admittance  to  your  Majefly. 

Fr.  King.  We'll  give  them  prefent  audience.    Go,  and 
bring  them* 
You  fee,  this  chafe  is  hotly  follow'd,  friends. 

Dau.  Turn  head,  and  flop  purfuit •,  for  coward  don-s 
Mod  fpend   their  mouths,    when,    what  they  feem°  to     ' 
Runs  far  before  them.     Good  my  Sovereign,      [threaten 
Take  up  the  EngUJJj  fhort ;  and  let  them  know 
Of  what  a  monarchy  you  are  the  head  :  . 
Self-love,  my  Liege,  is  not  fo  vile  a  fin, 
As  felf-neglecting. 

Enter  Exeter. 

Fr.  King.  From  our  brother  England? 

£*<?.  From  him  ;  and  thus  he  greets  your  Majefty  i 
He  wills  you  in  the  name  of  God  Almighty, 
That  you  diveft  your  felf,  and  lay  apart 
The  borrow'd  glories,  that,  by  gift  of  heaven, 
i5y  law  of  nature  and  of  nations,  'long 
To  him  and  to  his  heirs  -,  namely,  the  Crown  ; 
And  all  the  wide-ftretch'd  honours,  that  pertain 
i*y  cuftom  and  the  ordinance  of  times, 
Unto  the  Crown  of  France.     That  you  may  know, 
Us  no  iinifter  nor  no  awkward  claim, 
Pick'd  from  the  worm-holes  of  long- vani&Vd  days, 
Nor  from  the  duft  of  old  oblivion  rak'd  •, 
He  fends  you  this  mod  memorable  Line, 
In  every  branch  truly  demonftrative, 

W;n;  .  [Gives  the  French  King  a  Paper. 

Willing  you  over-look  this  pedigree  -9 

C  2  And 


3  6  King  Henry  V. 

And  when  you  find  him  evenly  deriv'd 

From  his  mod  fam'd  of  famous  anceftors, 

Edward  the  Third  ;  he  bids  you  then  refign 

Your  Crown  and  Kingdom,  indirectly  held 

From  him  the  native  and  true  challenger.  % 

Fr.  King.  Or  elfe  what  follows  ? 

Exe.  Bloody  conftraint ;  for  if  you  hide  the  Crown 
Ev'n  in  your  hearts,  there  will  he  rake  for  it. 
And  therefore  in  fierce  tempefi:  is  he  coming, 
In  thunder,  and  in  earthquake,  like  zlove: 
That,  if  requiring  fail,  he  may  compel. 
He  bids  you,  in  the  bowels  of  the  Lord, 
Deliver  up  the  Crown  •,  and  to  take  mercy 
On  the  poor  fouls,  for  whom  this  hungry  war 
Opens  his  vafty  jaws  ;  upon  your  head 
Turning  the  widows  tears,  the  orphans  cries, 
The  dead  mens  blood,  the  pining  maidens  groans,  (20) 
For  husbands,  fathers,  and  betrothed  lovers, 
That  mail  be  fwallow'd  in  this  controverfie. 
This  is  his  claim,  his  threatning,  and  my  mefiage ; 
Unlefs  the  Dauphin  be  in  prefence  here, 
To  whom  exprefly  I  bring  Greeting  too. 

Fr.  King.  For  us,  we  will  confider  of  this  further: 
To  morrow  fhall  you  bear  our  full  intent 
Back  to  our  brother  England. 

Dan.  For  the  Dauphin, 
I  Hand  here  for  him  ;  what  to  him  from  England  ? 

Exe.  Scorn  and  defiance,  flight  regard,  contempt, 
And  any  thing  that  may  not  mif- become 
The  mighty  fender,  doth  he  prize  you  at. 

(20)  ——77^  pining  Maidens  Groans,]    This  is  the  Epithet  Mr.  Pope 
has  efpoufed  from  the  old  4to's .     Mr.  Rowe  read  with  the  firft  folio's 

The  privy  Maidens  groans, 
Which,    according  to   poetical   Ufage,    might  fignify,    the  Groans  of 
Maidens  vented  in  private.     From  this  Word,  which  he  elteems  a  Cor- 
ruption, Mr.  Warburton  ingenioufly  would  fubftitute ; 

Tlie  prived  Maidens  groans, 
3.  e.  the  deprived:  the  Verfe,  which  immediately  follows,  neceflarily  re- 
quiring fuch  a  Senfe.     As  all  the  Epithets  make  Senfe,  I  have  contented 
my  felf  with  giving  tfie  various  Readings,  together  with  my  Friend's 
Conjecture. 

£  Thus 

I 


King  Henry  V.  \f 

Thus  fays  my  King;  and  if  your  father's  Highnefs 
Do  not,  in  grant  of  all  demands  at  large, 
Sweeten  the  bitter  mock  you  fent  his  Majefty ; 
He'll  call  you  to  fo  hot  an  anfwer  for  it, 
That, caves  and  womby  vaultages  of  France 
Shaikhide  your  trefpafs,  and  return  your  mock 
In  fecond  accent  to  his  ordinance. 

Dau.  Say,  if  my  father  render  fair  reply, 
It  is  againft  my  will ;  for  I  defire 
Nothing  but  odds  with  England ;  to  that  end, 
As  matching  to  his  youth  and  vanity, 
I  did  prefent  him  with  thofe  Paris  balls. 

Exe.  He'll  make  your  Paris  Louvre  (hake  for  it, 
Were  it  the  miftrefs  court  of  mighty  Europe  : 
And,  be  afTur'd,  you'll  find  a  difference, 
(As  we  his  fubjecls  have  in  wonder  found,) 
Between  the  promife  of  his  greener  days, 
And  thefe  he  mafters  now  ;  now  he  weighs  time 
Even  to  the  utmoft  grain,  which  you  (hall  read 
In  your  own  lofles,  if  he  ftay  in  France. 

Fr.  King.  To  morrow  you  fhall  know  our  mind  at  full. 

[Flourijh. 

hxe.  Difpatch  us  with  all  fpeed,  left  that  our  King 
Come  here  himfelf  to  queftion  our  delay  j 
For  he  is  footed  in  this  land  already*.  [ditions  : 

Fr.  King.  You  fhall  be  foon  difpatch'd  with  fair  conl 
A  night  is  but  fmall  breath,  and  little  paufe, 
To  anfwer  matters  of  this  confequence.  [Exeunt. 

Enter  Chorus. 

Thus  with  imagin'd  wing  our  fwift  fcene  flies, 
In  motion  of  no  lefs  celerity 

Than  that  of  thought.    Suppofe,  that  you  have  feen 
I  he  well-appointed  King  at  Hampton  Peer  (21) 

Embark 

(21)  <The  well-appointed  Kmg  at  Dover  peer 

t^tJttPr^  p  Th*\?1  the  EditIons  inwards,  implicitly 
te^Jf  £aI  X  BU\  COuH  the  Poet  P°iTlbIy  be  fo  difcordant  from 
ffi  l?D  C  CkTdfS >  Which  he  ^kd  0  to  make  the  King  here 
pmoarK  at  Dover  j  when  he  has  before  told  us  fo  precifeiy,  and  that  fo 

c  3  often 


3  8  King  Henry  V. 

Embark  his  royalty  ;  and  his  brave  fleet 

With  filken  ftreatoiers  the  young  Pbxbus  fanning. 

Play  with  your  fancies ;  and  in  them  behold, 

Upon  the  hejnpen  tackle,  fhip-boys  climbing  ; 

Hear  the  fhrill  whittle,  which  doth  order  give 

To  founds  confus'd-,  behold  the  threaden  fails, 

Born  with  th'  invifible  and  creeping  wind, 

Draw  the  huge  bottoms  thro'  the  furrow'd  fea, 

Breafting  the  lofty  furge.     O,  do  but  think, 

You  ftand  upon  the  rivage,  and  behold 

A  city  on  th'  inconttant  billows  dancing  * 

For  fo  appears  this  Fleet  majeftical, 

Holding  due  courfe  to  Harfleur.     Follow,  follow. 

Grapple  your  minds  to  fternage  of  this  navy, 

And  leave  your  England,  as  dead  midnight  ftill, 

Guarded  with  grandfires,  babies  and  old  women ; 

Or  paft,  or  not  arriv'd,  to  pith  and  puiffance : 

For  who  is  he,  whofe  chin  is  but  enrich' d 

With  one  appearing  hair,  that  will  not  follow 

Thefe  cuii'd  and  choice-drawn  cavaliers  to  France? 

Work,  work  your  thoughts,  and  therein  fee  a  fiege : 

Behold  the  ordnance  on  their  carriages 

With  fatal  mouths  gaping  on  girded  Harfleur. 

Suppofe,  th'  ambaffador  from  France  comes  back ; 

Tells  Harry,  that  the  King  doth  offer  him 

Catharine  his  daughter,  and  with  her  to  dowry 

Some  petty  and  unprofitable  Dukedoms : 

The  offer  likes  not ;  and  the  nimble  gunner 

With  lynftock  now  the  devilifh  cannon  touches, 

And  down  goes  all  before  him.     Still  be  kind, 

And  eke  ou£  our  performance  with  your  mind,         [Exit. 

often  over,  that  he  embark'd  at  Southampton  ?  I  dare  acquit  the  Poet 
from  fo  flagrant  a  Variation.  The  Indolence  of  a  Tranfcriber,  or  a 
Workman  at  Prefs,  mull  give  Rife  to  fuch  an  Error.  They,  feeing 
Peer  at  the  End  of  the  Verfe,  unluckily  thought  of  ZWr-peer,  as  th© 
£>e#  known  to  them  :  and  fo  unawares  corrupted  the  Text. 


ACT 


King  Henry  V. 


19 


ACT    III. 

SCENE,  before  Harfleur. 

[Alarm,  and  Cannon  go  off* 

Enter  King  Henry,  Exeter,    Bedford,   and  Gloucefter ; 

Soldiers,  with  [eating  ladders. 


King  H  e  n  r  v. 


Nee 


more  unto  the  breach,    dear  friends, 
once  more ; 
Or  clofe  the  wall  up  with  the  Englifh  dead. 
In  peace,  there's  nothing  fo  becomes  a  man 
As  modeft  ftillnefs  and  humility  ; 
But  when  the  blaft  of  war  blows  in  our  ears, 
Then  imitate  the  action  of  the  Tyger ; 
Stiffen  the  finews,  fummon  up  the  blood, 
Difguife  fair  nature  with  hard-favour'd  rage  ; 
Then  lend  the  eye  a  terrible  afpecT: ; 
Let  it  pry  thro'  the  portage  of  the  head, 
Like  the  brafs  cannon  :  let  the  brow  o'erwhelm  it, 
As  fearfully,  as  doth  a  galled  rock 
O'er-hang  and  jutty  his  confounded  bafe, 
Swill'd  with  the  wild  and  waftful  ocean. 
Now  fet  the  teeth,  and  ftretch  the  noftril  wide  ; 
Hold  hard  the  breath,  and  bend  up  every  fpirit 
To  his  full  height.     Now  on,  you  nobleft  Englifh, 
whofe  blood  is  fetcht  from  fathers  of  war-proof  -, 
"athers,  that,  like  fo  many  Alexanders, 
Have  in  thefe  parts  from  morn  till  even  fought, 
^nd  fheath'd  their  fwords  for  lack  of  argument.    . 
Difhonour  not  your  mothers ;  now  atteft, 
rhat  thofe,  whom  you  call'd  fathers,  did  beget  you. 

C4  Be 


40  King  Henry  V. 

Be  copy  now  to  men  of  groffer  blood, 

And  teach  them  how  to  war  ;  and  you,  good  yeomen, 

Whofe  limbs  were  made  in  England,  fhew  us  here 

The  mettle  of  your  pafture:  let  us  fwear 

That  you  are  worth  your  breeding,  which  I  doubt  nQt : 

For  there  is  none  of  you  fo  mean  and  bafe, 

That  hath  not  noble  luftre.  in  your  eyes ; 

I  fee  you  Hand  like  Greyhounds  in  the  flips, 

Straining  upon  the  ftart.     The  game's  a-foot : 

Follow  your  fpirit  -,  and  upon  this  charge, 

Cry*  GocJ.  for  Harry !  England !  and  St.  George  f 

[Exeunt  King,   and  Train. 

[Alarm,  and  Cannon  go  off. 

Enter  Nim,  Bardolph,  Piftol,  and  Boy, 

Bard.  On,  on,  on,  on,  on,  to  the  breach,  to  the 
breach. 

Nim.  'Pray  thee,  corporal,  (lay  ;  the  knocks  are  too 
hot  ;  and  for  mine  own  part,  I  have  not  a  cafe  of  lives  : 
the  humour  of  it  is  too  hot,  that  is  the  very  plain  fong 
of  it.  [bound : 

Pifi.  The  plain  fong  is  moft  juft  ;  for  humours  do  a- 
Knocks  go  and  come :  God's  vaffals  drop  and  die  ; 
And  fword  and  fhield,  in  bloody  field,  doth  win  immor- 
tal  fame. 

Boy.  Wou'd  I  were  in  an  ale-houfe  in  London,  I  would 
give  all  my  fame  for  a  pot  of  ale  and  fafety, 

Pifi.  And  I  ;  if  wifhes  would  prevail, 
1  wou?d  not  ftay,  but  thither  wpuld  I  hye. 

Enter  Fluellen. 

Flu.  Up  to  the  breach,  you  dogs  \  avaunt,  you  cul- 
lions. 

Pifi.  Be  merciful,  great  Duke,    to  men  of  mould, 
Abate  thy  rage,  abate  thy  manly  rage  ; 
Good  bawcock,  bate  thy  rage ;  ufe  lenity,  fweet  chuck. 

Nim.  Thefe  be  good  humours  j  your  honour  wins  bad 
humours.  [Exeunt^ 

Boy.  As  young  as  I  am,  I  have  obferv'd  thefe  three 
fwafherso     J  am    boy  to  them  all  three  5    but   all  they 

three, 


King  Henry  V.  41 

three,  though  they  would  ferve  me,  could  not  be  man 
to  me  ;  for,  indeed,  three  fuch  Anticks  do  not  amount 
to  a  man.  For  Bardolph,  he  is  white-liver'd  and  red- 
fac'd  -9  by  the  means  whereof  he  faces  it  out,  but  fights 
not.  For  Piftol,  he  hath  a  killing  tongue  and  a  quiet 
fword  ;  by  the  means  whereof  he  breaks  words,  and 
keeps  whole  weapons.  For  Nim9  he  hath  heard,  that 
men  of  few  words  are'  the  belt  men  ;  and  therefore  he 
fcorns  to  fay  his  prayers,  left  he  fhould  be  thought  a 
coward  \  but  his  few  bad  words  are  match'd  with  as  few 
good  deeds,  for  he  never  broke  any  man's  head,  but  his 
own,  and  that  was  againft  a  pod  when  he  was  drunk. 
They  will  Ileal  any  thing,  and  call  it  purchafe.  Bar- 
h  ftole  a  lute- cafe,  bore  it  twelve  leagues,  and  fold  it 
three  half-pence.  Nim  and  Bardolph  are  fworn  bro- 
rs  in  filching  ;  and  in  Calais  they  ftole  a  fire-fhoveL 
knew,  by  that  piece  of  fervice,  the  men  would*carry  m 
Coals.  They  would  have  me  as  familiar  with  mens 
pockets,  as  their  gloves  or  their  hand-kerchers  ;  which 
makes  much  againft  my  manhood  \  for  if  I  would  take 
from  another's  pocket  to  put  into  mine,  it  is  plain 
pocketting  up  of  wrongs.  I  muft  leave  them,  and  feek 
fome  better  fervice  ;  their  villany  goes  againft  my  weak 
ftomach,  and  therefore  I  muft  caft  it  up.  [Exit  Boy. 

Enter  Gower,  and  Fluellen. 

Gower.  Captain  Fluellen,  you  muft  come  prefently  to 
the  mines  \  the  Duke  of  Gloucefier  would  fpeak  with 
you. 

Flu.  To  the  mines  ?  tell  you  the  Duke,  it  is  not  fo 
good  to  come  to  the  mines  ;  for,  look  you,  the  mines 
are  not  according  to  the  difciplines  of  the  war  ;  the  con- 
cavities of  it  is  not  fufnxient ;  for,  look  you,  th'  athver- 
fary  (you  may  difcufs  unto  the  Duke,  look  you)  is  digt 
himfelf  four  yards  under  the  countermines ;  by  Cheffou, 
I  think,  a'  will  plow  up  arl,  if  there  is  not  petter  direc- 
itions. 

Gower.  The  Duke  of  Gloucejler,  to  whom  the  order  of 
]the  fiege  is  given,  is  altogether  directed  by  an  Irijh  man, 

rvery  valiant  gentleman,  i'  faith. 
Flu. 


42  King  HeSrt  V. 

Flu.  It  is  captain  Mackmorrice,  is  it  not  ? 

Gower.  I  think,  it  be. 

Flu.  By  Cbejhu,  he  is  an  Afs,  as  is  in  the  world  ;  I  will 
verifie  as  much  in  his  beard  ;  he  has  no  more  directions 
m  the  true  difciplines  of  the  wars,  look  you,  of  the  Ro- 
man difciplines,  than  is  a  Puppy-dog. 

Enter  Mack  morris,   and  Cap.  Jamy. 

Gower.  Here  he  comes,  and  the  Scots  Captain,  Cap- 
tain Jamy  with  him. 

My.  Captain  Jamy  is  a  marvellous  valorous  gentleman, 
that  is  certain ;  and  of  great  expedition  and  knowledge  in 
the  antient  wars,    upon  my   particular  knowledge  of  his 
directions  -,    by  Chejhu,   he  will  maintain  his  argument  as 
well  as  any  military  man  in  the  world,    in  the  difciplines 
of  the  priftine  wars  of  the  Romans. 
Jamy.  I  fay,  gudday,  Captain  Fluellen. 
Flu.  Godden  to  your  worfhip,  good  captain  James. 
Gower.   How  now,    captain    Mackmorris,    have   you 
quitted  the  mines  ?  have  the  pioneers  given  o'er  ? 

Mack.  By  Chrifh  law,  tifh  ill  done ;  the  work  ifh  give 
over,  the  trumpet  found  the  retreat.  By  my  hand,  I 
fwear,  and  by  my  father's  foul,  the  work  ifh  ill  done  ;  it 
ifh  give  over  ;  I  would  have  blowed  up  the  town,  fo 
Chrifh  fave  me  law*  in  an  hour.  O  tifh  ill  done,  tifh  ill 
done  ;  by  my  hand,  tifh  ill  done. 

Flu.  Captain  Mackmorrice,  I  befeech  you  now  will  you 
vouchfafe  me,  look  you,  a  few  difputations  with  you, 
$&  partly  touching  or  concerning  the  difciplines  of  the 
war,  the  Roman  wars,  in  the  way  of  argument,  look  you, 
2nd  friendly  communication  ;  partly,  to  fatisfy  my  opi- 
nion ;  and  partly  for  the  fatisfaction,  look  you,  of  my 
mind  ;  as  touching  the  direction  of  the  military  difci- 
pline,  that  is  the  point. 

Jamy.  It  fall  be  very  gud,  gud  feith,  gud  captains 
bath  *,  and  I  fall  quit  you  with  gud  leve,  as  I  may  pick 
occafion  ;  that  fall  I,  marry. 

Mack.  It  is  no  time  to  difcourfe,  fo  Chrifh  fave  me  : 
the  day  is  hot,  and  the  weather  and  the  wars,   and  the 
King  and  the  Duke  ;  it  is  not  time  to  difcourfe,  the  town 
2  is  '■ 


King  Henry  V.  4$ 

is  befeech'd  :  and  the  trumpet  calls  us  to  the  breach,  and 
we  talk,  and  by  Chrifri  do  nothing,  'tis  fhame  for  us 
all  ;  fo  God  fa'  me,  'tis  fhame  to  (land  ftill  •,  it  is  fhame, 
by  my  hand  ;  and  there  is  throats  to  be  cut,  and  works 
to  be  done,  and  there  ifh  nothing  done,  fo  Chrifh  fa'  me 
law, 

J  amy.  By  the  mefs,  ere  theife  eyes  of  mine  take  them- 
felves  to  flomber,  aile  do  gud  fervice,  or  aile  ligge  i'th* 
ground  for  it ;  ay,  or  go  to  death  ;  and  aile  pay  it  as 
valoroufly  as  I  may,  that  fal  I  furely  do,  the  breff  and 
the  long  ;  marry,  I  wad  full  fain  heard  fome  queftion 
'tween  you  tway. 

Flu^  Captain  Mackmorrice,  I  think,  look  you,  un- 
der your  correction,  there  is  not  many  of  your  nation — 

Mack.  Of  my  nation  ?  what  ifh  my  nation  ?  ifh  a  vil- 
lain, and  a  baftard,  and  a  knave,  and  a  rafcal  ?  what  ifh 
my  nation  ?  who  talks  of  my  nation  ? 

Flu.  Look  you,  if  you  take  the  matter  otherwife  than 
is  meant,  captain  Mackmorrice,  peradventure,  I  fhall 
think  you  do  not  ufe  me  with  that  affability  as  in  dif- 
cretion  you  ought  to  ufe  me,  look  you  ;  being  as  good 
a  man  as  your  felf,  both  in  the  difciplines  of  wars,  and 
in  the  derivation  of  my  birth,  and  in  other  particula- 
rities. 

Mack.  I  do  not  know  you  fo  good  a  man  as  my  felf  ; 
fo  Chrifh  fave  me,  I  will  cut  off  your  head. 

Gower.  Gentlemen  both,  you  will  miftake  each  other. 

J  amy.  A,  that's  a  foul  fault,  [A  Parley  founded. 

Gower.  The  town  founds  a  parley. 

Flu.  Captain  Mackmorris,  when  thefe  is  more  better 
opportunity  to  be  requir'd,  look  you,  I'll  be  fo  bold  as 
to  tell  you,  I  know  the  difciplines  of  war  j  and  there's  an 
end,  [Exeunt. 


SCENE, 


44  King  He^ry  V- 

SCENE,  before  the  Gates  of  Harfleur. 

Enter  King  Henry  and  his  train. 

K.  Henry.  TJ  O  W   yet  rcfolves  the  Governor  of  the 

XX         town  ? 
This  is  the  lateft  parle  we  will  admit : 
Therefore  to  our  bed  mercy  give  your  felves, 
Or,  like  to  men  proud  of  deftruction, 
Defie  us  to  our  word  ;  as  I'm  a  foldier, 
(A  name,  that,  in  my  thoughts,  becomes  me  beftj 
If  I  begin  the  batt'ry  once  again, 
I  will  not  leave  the  half-atchieved  Harfleur, 
Till  in  her  afhes  fhe  lie  buried. 
The  gates  of  mercy  Ihall  be  all  fhut  up ; 
And  the  flefh'd  foldier,  rough  and  hard  of  heart, 
In  liberty  of  bloody  hand  fhall  range 
With  confcience  wide  as  hell,  mowing  like  grafs 
Your  frefh  fair  virgins,  and  your  flow'ring  infants. 
What  is  it  then  to  me,  if  impious  war, 
Array'd  in  flames  like  to  the  Prince  of  fiends, 
Do  with  his  fmircht  complexion  all  fell  feats, 
Enlinkt  to  wafte  and  defolation  ? 
What  is't  to  me,  when  you  your  felves  are  caufe, 
If  your  pure  maidens  fall  into  the  hand 
Of  hot  and  forcing  violation  ? 
What  rein  can  hold  licentious  wickednefs, 
When  down  die  hill  he  holds  his  fierce  career  ? 
We  may,  as  bootlefs,  fpend  our  vain  command 
Upon  th'  enraged  foldiers  in  their  fpoil. 
As  fend  our  precepts  to  th5  Leviathan 
To  come  a-fhoar.     Therefore,  you  men  of  Harfleur, 
Take  pity  of  your  town  and  of  your  people, 
While  yet  my  foldiers  are  in  my  command  ; 
While  yet  the  cool  and  temp'rate  wind' of  grace 
O'er-blows  the  filthy  and  contagious  clouds 
Of  heady  murther,  fpoil  and  villany. 
If  not  *,  why,  in  a  moment,  look  to  fee 
The  blind  and  bloody  foldier  with  foul  hand 

Defile 


King  Henry  V.  47 

Defile  the  locks  of  your  fhrill-fhrieking  daughters ; 

Your  fathers  taken  by  the  filler  beards, 

And  their  moil  reverend  heads  dafht  to  the  walls  ; 

Your  naked  infants  fpitted  upon  pikes, 

While  the  mad  mothers  with  their  howls  confus'd 

Do  break  the  clouds  ;  as  did  the  wives  of  Jewryy 

At  Herod's  bloody-hunting  (laughter-men. 

What  fay  you  ?  will  you  yield,  and  this  avoid  ? 

Or,  guilty  in  defence,  be  thus  deflroy'd  ? 

Enter  Governor,  upon  the  Walls. 

Gov.  Our  expectation  hath  this  day  an  end : 
,The  Dauphin,  of  whom  fuccours  we  entreated, 
Returns  us,  that  his  pow'rs  are  yet  not  ready 
To  raife  fo  great  a  fiege.    Therefore,  great  King,     " 
We  yield  our  town  and  lives  to  thy  foft  mercy  : 
Enter  our  gates,  difpofe  of  us  and  ours, 
For  we  no  longer  are  defenfible. 

K.  Henry.  Open  your  gates :   come,   uncle  Exeter  % 
Go  you  and  enter  Harfleur,  there  remain, 
And  fortify  it  ftrongly  'gainft  the  French: 
Ufe  mercy  to  them  all.     For  us,  dear  uncle, 
The  winter  coming  on,  and  ficknefs  growing 
Upon  our  foldiers,  we'll  retire  to  Calais. 
To  night  in  Harfleur  we  will  be  your  gueft, 
To  morrow  for  the  march  we  are  addreft 

[Flourijh,  and  enter  the  town. 

SCENE,  the  French  Court. 

Enter  Catharine,  and  an  old  gentlewoman. 

Cath.     A   L  TC  E,  tu  as  eft e  en  Angleterre,  &  tuparlois 
i  A~\  bier/U  language.  f2  2j 
Alice.  Unpen,   mculame. 

Cath, 

(22)  Cath.  Alice,  tu  as  He*]  I  have  regulated  feveral  Speeches  in 
«iis  trench  Scene  :  Some  whereof  were  given  to  Alice,  and  yet  evidently 
belong  d  to  Catharine  :  and  fo,  vice  <verfi.  It  is  not  material  to  diftin- 
guilh  the  particular  Tranlpofition*  I  have  made,    Mr.  Gildon  has  left  no 

bad 


r^6  King  Henry  V. 

Cath.  Je  te  prie  de  m9  enfeigner ;  ilfaut,  que  f  apprenm 
a  parler.     Comment  appellez  vous  la  main  en  Anglois  ? 

Alice.  La  main,  it  eft  appelle,  de  hand, 

Cath.  De  hand.     Et  le  doyt  ? 

Alice.  Le  doyt  ?  ma  foy,  je  oublie  le  doyt ;  mats  je  me 
fouviendra  le  doyt ;  jepenfe,  qu'ils  ont  appelle  des  ft  ngres  -,  ouy, 
de  fingres. 

Cath.  La  main,  de  hand ;  le  doit,  le  fingres.  Je  penfe, 
que  je  fuis  le  bon  efcolier.  J9  ay  gaigne  deuz  mots  d9  Anglois 
viftement  ;  comment  appellez  vous  les  ongles  ? 

Ali~e.  Les  onglesy  les  appellons  de  nayles. 

Cath.  De  nayles.  Efcoutez:  dites  moy,  fi  je  parle  bien  : 
de  hand,  de  fingres,   de  nayles. 

Alice.  C9  eft  bien  dit,  madame  ;   il  eft  fort  bon  Anglois, 

Cath.  Dites  moy  en  Anglois,   le  bras. 

Alice.  De  arme,  madame. 

Cath.  Et  le  coude. 

Alice,  D9  elbow. 

Cath.  D9  elbow :  je  m9en  faitz  la  repetition  de  tons  les 
mots,  que  vous  m9  avez  apprins  des  a  prefent. 

Alice.  //  eft  trop  difficile,   madame,    comme  je  penfe. 

Cath.  Excufe  moy,  Alice  ,  efcoutez  ,  d9  hand,  de  fingre, 
de  nayles,   d9  arme,   de  bilbow* 

Alice.  D9  elbow,  madame. 

Cath.  O  Signeur  Dieu  !  je  ??i9en  oublie  d*.  elbow  ;  comment 
appellez  vous  le  col  ? 

Alice.  De  neck,   madame. 

Cath.  De  neck  %    &  le  menton  P 

Alice.  De  chin. 

Cath.  De  fin:  le  col,  de  neck  :  le  menton,  de  fin. 

Alice.  Ouy.  Sauf  voftre  honneur,  en  verite,  vous  pre* 
noncies  les  mots  auffi  droicl,  que  les  natifs  d9  Angleterre. 

Cath.  Je  ne  chute  point  d9  apprendre  par  la  grace  de 
Dieu,  £s?  en  peu  de  temps. 

bad  Remark,  I  think,  with  Regard  to  our  Poet's  Conduct  in  the  Charac- 
ter of  this  Princefs  :  for  <vohy  He  Jhould  not  allow  her  (fays  He)  to  /peak  in 
Englifh  as  nvell  as  all  the  other  French,  I  can't  imagine  :  Jince  it  adds 
no  Beauty  -,  but  gives  a  patched  and  pyeJald  Dialogue  of  no  Beauty  or  Force. 

Alice 


King  Henry  V:  47 

Alice.  N*  avez  vous  pas  deja  oulliS  ce  que  je  vous  ay 
enfeigne  ? 

Cath.  Non,  je  reciteray  a  vous  pro?npiement ;   d9  hand9 
de  fingre,  de  mayles,  de  arme. 

Alice.  De  nayles,  madame. 

Cath.  De  nayles,  de  arme,  de  ilbow. 

Alice.  Sauf  voftre  honneur,  d9  elbow. 

Cath.  Ainfi  de-je  d9  elbaw,  de  neck,  de  fin :  comment 
appellez  vous  les  pieds  &  de  robe. 

Alice." Le  foot,   madame,  &*le  coun, 

Cath.  *Le  foot,  £s?  *le  coun  /  O  Seignieur  Dieu  !  ces  font 
des  mots  mauvais,  corruptibles  C5?  impudiques,  £s?  non  pour  les 
dames  d9  honneur  d9  ufer :  je  ne  voudrois  prononcer  cets  mots 
devant  les  Seigneurs  de  France,  pour  tout  le  monde !  ilfaut  le 
foot,  &  le  coun,  neant-molns.  Je  reciteray  un  autrefois 
ma  lefon  enfemble ;  <P  hand,  de  fingre,  d$  nay  les,  d9  arme9 
d9  elbow )  de  neck,  de  fin,  de  foot,  de  coun. 

Alice.  Excellent,  7nadame. 

Cath.  O  eft  ajfez  pour  une  fois9   allow  nous  en  difner. 

[Exeunt, 

SCENE,  Prefence-Chamber  in  the  French  Court, 

Enter  the  King  of  France,  the  Dauphin,  Duke  of  Bourbon, 
the  Conftable  0/ France,   and  others. 

Fr.  King,  jfHplIS  certain,  he  hath  pafs'd  the  river  Some. 
1         Con.  And  if  he  be  not  fought  withal, 
Let  us  not  live  in  France  ;  let  us  quit  all,  [my  lord, 

And  give  our  vineyards  to  a  barb'rous  people. 

Dau.  O  dieu  vivant  !  fhall  a  few  fprays  of  us, 
(The  emptying  of  our  fathers  luxury,) 
Our  Syens,  put  in  wild  and  favage  flock, 
Sprout  up  fo  fuddenly  into  the  clouds, 
And  over-look  their  grafters  ?  [tards. 

Bour.  Normans,   but   baftard  Normans  ;    Norman  baf- 
Mort  de  ma  vie !  if  thus  they  march  along 
Unfought  withal,  but  I  will  fell  my  Dukedom, 

2  To 


dt. 


48  King  Henry  V. 

To  buy  a  foggy  and  a  dirty  farm 
ft?]  In  that  nook-lhotten  Me  of  Albion.  (23)  [mettle? 

Co».  Zto  ^  Batailles !    why   whence   have  they  this 
Is  not  their  climate  foggy,  raw  and  dull  ? 
On  whom,  as  in  defpight,  the  Sun  looks  pale, 
Killing  their  fruit  with  frowns  ?  can  fodden  water, 
A  drench  for  fur-reyn'd  jades,  their  barly-broth, 
Decocl  their  cold  blood  to  fuch  valiant  heat  ? 
And  (hall  our  quick  blood,  fpirited  with  wine, 
Seem  frofty  ?  Oh  !  for  honour  of  our  land, 
Let  us  not  hang  like  frozen  Ificles 
Upon  our  houfe-tops,  while  more  frofty  people 
Sweat  drops  of  gallant  blood  in  our  rich  fields  : 
Poor,  we  may  call  them,  in  their  native  Lords.  (24) 

Dau.  By  faith  and  honour, 
Our  madams  mock  at  us,  and  plainly  fay, 
Our  mettle  is  bred  out  \  and  they  will  give 

'  (2%)  In  that  {hortnooky  IJle  of  Albion.-]  If  the  Editor  meant  by  this 
Reading  little  I/land,  it  will  be  hard  to  reconcile  it  to  the  largeft  Iflandm 
the  known  World.  If  he  means  Jbort  in  regard  to  its  Circumference,  it 
is  Hill  a  greater  Blunder,  as  every  one  knows.  And  if  he  means,  that 
the  Nook?,  or  Angles  of  it,  are/*/*,  that  will  crown  the  Abfurdity.  No- 
thing, fo  ridiculous  as  this  Reading,  could  have  come  from  the  pen  of 
Shakfpeare,  who  certainly  wrote  it,  juft  as  his  Editor  found  it  nook-Jbot- 
ten  Ille  This  on  Examination  will  be  proved  to  be  as  true  and  proper  a 
Defcription  of  Great  Britain,  as  Camden,  or  the  moft  exad  Topogrrpher, 
could  have  given.  Votjhotteh  figmfies  any  thing  that  is  projefted  ;  or, 
as  we  fay,  (hot  out.  So  nook-Jhotten  is  a  Place  that  moots  out  into  Capes, 
Promontories,    and  Necks  of  Land  ;  the  very  Situation  of  our  U**j^ 

t2  ,\  ,  while  more  frofty  People, 

Sweat  drops  of  gallant  Blood  in  our  rich  Fields: 
Poor,  We  may  call  them,  in  their  native  Lords.] 

As  the  lafl :  Verfe  here  was  a  long  time  obfcure,  and  ftock  with  me, 
tho'  now  I  clearly  underftand  it ;  it  may  not  be  amifs,  left  W  Readers 
mould  likewiie  be  at  a  Lofs,  to  give  a  fhort  comment  on  it.  The  i,ord 
cTfiaUe  is  wondering,  how  .the  Engli/b  mould  derive  inch  Spirit  and 
Coute  astheyfhewS,  under  the  Difadvantages  of  their  Climature  and 
ferS; "a^that  his' own  Countrymen  mould  feem  cold  and  frofty 
when  their  Blood  was  fpirited  up  with  generous  Wine,  and  they  had  fo 
warm  a  Sun,  and  fo  rich  a  Soil  s  But  he  has  no  fconei f  fcdT 1 . his  than  a 
Refleaion  on  their  cold  Behaviour  makes  him  corred  himielf  ,  What 
talk  I  of  a  rich  Soil  ?  Surely,  we  may  call  it  poor  enough,  if  it  may  re- 
ceive Difparagement  from  the  Quality  of  its  Poffeffors. 

Their 


Ktng  Henry  V*  4S> 

Thcir'bodies  to  the  luft  of  Englifh  youth, 
To  new- (tore  France  with  baftard  warriors. 

Bour.  They  bid  us  to  the  Englifh  dancing  Schools, 
And  teach  Lavolta's  high,  and  fwift  Curranto's  •> 
Saying,  our  grace  is  only  in  our  heels  ; 
And  that  we  are  moft  lofty  run-away s.  [hence  *, 

Fr.  King.  Where  is  Montjoy,    the  herald  ?    (peed  him 
Let  him  greet  England  with  our  fharp  defiance. 
Up,  Princes*  and  with  fpirit  of  honour  edg'd, 
Yet  (harper  than  your  fwords,  hie  to  the  field  : 
Charles  Delabretb,  high  con  ft  able  of  France  ; 
You,  Dukes  of  Orleans,  Bourbon^  and  of  Berry, 
Alanfon,  Brabant,  Bar  and  Burgundy, 
Jaques  Chatillion,  Rambures,  Vaudemont, 
Beaumont,  Grandpree,  RouJJie,  and  Faulconbridge, 
Loys,   Leftraile,  Bouciqualt,  and  Charaloys, 
High    Dukes,     great    Princes,     Barons,      Lords    and 

Knights;  (25) 
For  your  great  feats  now  quit  you  of  great  fhames  : 
Bar  Harry  England,  that  fweeps  through  our  land 
With  penons  painted  in  the  blood  of  Harfleur  : 
Rufh  on  his  hod,  as  doth  the  melted  fnow 
Upon  the  vallies ;  whofe  low  vaffal  feat 
The  Alps  doth  fpit  and  void  his  rheum  upon. 
Go  down  upon  him,  (you  have  pow'r  enough,) 
And  in  a  captive  chariot  into  Roan 
Bring  him  our  prifoner. 

Con.  This  becomes  the  great. 
Sorry  am  I,  his  numbers  are  fo  few, 
His  foldiers  fick,  and  famiiht  in  their  march  : 
For,  I  am  fure,  when  he  (hall  fee  our  army, 
He'll  drop  his  heart  into  the  fink  of  fear, 
And  for  atchievement  offer  us  his  ranfom.  [joy  ; 

Fr.  King.  Therefore,  Lord  Conftable,  hade  on  Mount- 
And  let  him  fay  to  England,  that  we  fend 

(25)  ■  ■■■  Barons,  Lords,  and  Kings  ;]    Thus  it  Hands  in  the 

Old  Folio's ;  but  I  corrected  it   to  Knights  in  my  Shakespeare  re- 
doSd,  and  Mr.  Pope  has,  in  his  laft  Edition,  embraced  the  Correction. 

Vol.  IV,  D  To 


50  King  Henry  V. 

To  know  what  willing  ranfom  he  will  give.' 
Prince  Dauphin,  you  fhall  ftay  with  us  in  Roan. 

Dau.  Not  fo,  I  do  befeech  your  Majefty. 

Fr.  King.  Be  patient,  for  you  fhall  remain  with  us. 
Now  forth,  Lord  Conftable,  and  Princes  all ; 
And  quickly  bring  us  word  of  England's  fall.         [Exeunt. 

SCENE,*  Englifh  Camp. 

Enter  Gower  and  Fluellen. 

Gow.  T  T  O  W  now,  captain  Fluellen>  come  you  from 
X  Jl  tne  ^tidge  ? 

Flu.  I  afTure  you,  there  is  very  excellent  fer vices  com- 
mitted at  the  pridge. 

Gow.  h  the  Duke  of  Exeter  fafe  ? 

Flu.  The  Duke  of  Exeter  is  as  magnanimous  as 
Aga?nemnon,  and  a  man  that  I  love  and  honour  with 
my  foul,  and  my  heart,  and  my  duty,  and  my  life, 
and  my  living,  and  my  uttermoft  power.  He  is  not, 
God  be  praifed  and  pleffed,  any  hurt  in  the  world  ;  he  is 
maintain  the  pridge  mod  valiantly,  with  excellent  dis- 
cipline. There  is  an  Antient  lieutenant  there  at  the  pridge, 
I  think,  in  my  very  confeience,  he  is  as  valiant  a  man  as 
Mark  Antony,  and  he  is  a  man  of  no  eftimation  in  the 
world,  but  I  did  fee  him  do  gallant  fervices. 

Gow.  What  do  you  call  him  ? 

Flu.  He  is  cali'd  Antient  Piftol. 

Gow.  I  know  him  not. 


Enter  Piftol. 

Flu.  Here  is  the  man. 

Fiji.  Captain,  I  thee  befeech  to  do  me  favours : 
The  Duke  of  Exeter  doth  love  thee  well. 

Flu.  I,  I  praife  God,  and  I  have  merited  fome  love  at 
his  hands. 

Fiji.  Bardolph,  a  fokiier  firm  and  found  of  heart, 
And  buxom  valour,  hath  by  cruel  fate, 
And  giddy  fortune's  furious  fickle  wheel, 

That 


King  Henry  V.  51 

That  Goddefs  blind  chat  (lands  upon  the  rolling  reftlefs 
(tone 

Flu.  By  your  patience,  Antient  Pijlol:  Fortune  is  painted 
f  plind,  with  a  muffler  before  her  eyes,  to  fignifie  to  you 
that  fortune  is  plind  ;  and  fhe  is  painted  alfo  with  a 
wheel,  to  fignifie  to  you,  which  is  the  moral  of  it,  that 
fhe  is  turning  and  inconflant,  and  mutabilities  and  varia- 
tions ;  and  her  foot,  look  you,  is  fixed  upon  a  fpherical 
ftone,  which  rowles,  and  rowles,  and  rowles  *,  in  good 
truth,  the  Poet  makes  a  mod  excellent  defcription  of  it : 
fortune  is  an  excellent  moral. 

Plft.  Fortune   is  Bardofab's  foe,    and  frowns  on  him  ; 
For  he  hath  ftoln  a  Pix,  and  hanged  muft  a'  be  -,  damned 

death  !  (20") 
Let  gallows  gape  for  dog,  let  man  go  free, 
And  let  not  hemp  his  wind- pipe  fuftocate  ; 
But  Exeter  hath  given  the  doom  of  death, 
For  Pix  of  little  price.     Therefore  go  fpcak, 
The  Duke  will  hear  thy  voice  ; 
And  let  not  Bardolptfs  vital  thread  be  cut 


(26)  For  he  hatb  Jioln  a  Pax,]  Thus  all  the  Editions,  from  the  very 
firjl :  "  And  this  is  conformable  to  Hiftory,  (fays  Mr.  Pope  ;)  a  Soldier 
"  (as  Hall  tells  us)  being  hang'd  at  this  Time  for  fuch  a  Fact" — But  to 
fee  this  Gentleman's  Accuracy,  and  Inaccuracy,  in  one  and  the  fame 
Circumftance  !  Both  Hall  and  Holing/head  agree  as  to  the  point  of  the 
Theft  -,  but  as  to  the  Thing  ftoln,  there  is  not  that  Conformity  betwixt 
them  and  Mr.  Pope.  But  let  us  fee,  what  is  underftood  by  a  Pax.  It 
was  an  antient  Cuftom,  at  the  Celebration  of  Mafs,  that  when  the  Prieft 
pronounc'd  thefe  Words,  Pax  Domini  fit  femper  njohifcum  !  The  Peace  of 
the  Lord  be  always  with  you  !  both  Clergy  and  People  kifs'd  one  ano- 
ther. And  This  was  call'd  Ofculum  Paris,  the  Kifs  of  Peace.  But  that 
Cuftom  being  abrogated,  a  certain  Image  is  now  prefented  to  be  kifs'd, 
which,  as  moll  Catholicks  know,  is  call'd  a  Pax.  (Vid.  Du  Frefne*Q 
Gloftary  Mediae  iff  Infinite  Latinitatis  ;  and  from  Him,  the  Gloifary 
fubjoin'd  to  Urreys  Chaucer:  for  that  Poet  talks  of  kiffing  Pax,  in 
his  Parforfs  Tale.)  But  it  was  not  this  Image,  which  Bardolfe  ftole  ;  it. 
was  a  Pix  ;  or  little  Cheft,  (from  the  Latin  Word,  Pixis,  a  Box  i)  ifi 
which  the  confecrated  Haft  was  ufed  to  be  kept.  "  A  foolilh  Soldier 
"  (fays  Hall  exprefsly,  and  Holinc-pead  after  him  ;)  ftale  a  Pix  out  of  a 
"  Church  ;  and  unreverently  did  eat  the  hcly  Hofies  ~j:itkin  the  fame  con- 
"  tained."  Is  there  the  leall  Queition,  but  that  our  Poei's  Text  muft  be 
fet  right  from  thefe  Chroniclers  ? 
*   M:g.  jo.  fS2 

D  t  With 


5*  King  Hen  rt  V. 

With  edge  of  penny-cord,  and  vile  reproach. 
Speak,  captain,  for  his  life,  and  I  will  thee  requite. 

Flu.  Antient  Piftol,  I  do  partly  underftand  your  mean- 
ing. 

Pift.  Why  then  rejoice  therefore. 

Flu.  Certainly,  Antient,  it  is  not  a  thing  to  rejoice  at; 
for  if,  look  you,  he  were  my  brother,  I  would  defire  the 
Duke  to  ufe  his  good  pleafure,  and  put  him  to  execu- 
tions •,  for  difciplines  ought  to  be  ufed. 

Pift.  Die  and  be  damn'd,  and  Figo  for  thy  friendfhip  ! 

Flu.  It  is  well. 

Pift.  The  fig  of  Spain .  [Exit  Pift. 

Flu.  Very  good. 

Gow.  Why,  this  is  an  arrant  counterfeit  rafcal,  I  re- 
member him  now ;    a  bawd,  a  cut-purfe. 

Flu.  I'll  allure  you,  he  utt'red  as  prave  words  at  the 
pridge,  as  you  mall  fee  in  a  fummer's  day  :  but  it  is  very 
well ;  what  he  has  fpoke  to  me,  that  is  well,  I  warrant 
you,  when  time  is  ferve. 

Gow.  Why  'tis  a  gull,  a  fool,  a  rogue,  that  now  and 
then  goes  to  the  wars,  to  grace  himfelf  at  his  return  in- 
to London,  under  the  form  of  a  foldier.  Such  fellows  are 
perfect  in  the  great  commanders  names,  and  they  will 
learn  you  by  rote  where  fervices  were  done  ;  at  fuch 
and  fuch  a  fconce,  at  fuch  a  breach,  at  fuch  a  convoy  ; 
who  came  off  bravely,  who  was  fhot,  who  dilgrae'd, 
what  terms  the  enemy  flood  on  ;  and  this  they  con  per- 
fectly in  the  phrafe  of  war,  which  they  trick  up  with  new- 
turned  oaths  :  And  what  a  beard  of  the  general's  cut, 
and  a  horrid  fute  of  the  camp,  will  do  among  foaming 
bottles  and  ale-wauYd  wits,  is  wonderful  fo  be  thought 
on  1  But  you  mud  learn  to  know  fuch  (landers  of  the 
age,  or  die  you  may  be  marveloufly  miftook. 

Flu.  I  tell  you  what,  captain  Gower  ;  I  do  perceive, 
he  is  not  the  man  that  he  would  gladly  make  fhew  to 
the  world  he  is  ;  if  I  find  a  hole  in  his  coat,  I  will  tell 
him  my  mind  •,  hear  you,  the  King  is  coming,  and  I 
mud  fpeak  with  him  from  the  pridge.  (27) 

Drum 

(27)  The  King  is  coming,  and  Imuft  fpeak  with  him  from  the  pridge.] 
**  Speak  with  him  from  the  Bridge*  Mr.  Pope  tells  us,    is  added  in  the  lat- 

"  ter 


King  Henry  V.  53 

Drum  and  Colours.     Enter  the  King,  and  his  poor  foldiers. 

Flu.  God  plefs  your  Majefty. 

K.  Henry.  How  now,  Fluellen^  cam'ft  thou  from  the 
bridge  ? 

Flu.  I,  fo  pleafe  your  Majefty  :  the  Duke  of  Exeter 
has  very  gallantly  maintain'd  the  pridge  ;  the  French  is 
gone  off,  look  you,  and  there  is  gallant  and  moft  prave 
paffages  ;  marry,  th'  athverfary  was  have  poffefilon  of 
the  pridge,  but  he  is  enforced  to  retire,  and  the  Duke  of 
Exeter  is  mafter  of  the  pridge  :  I  can  tell  your  Majefty, 
the  Duke  is  a  prave  man. 

K.  Henry.  What  men  have  you  loft,  Fluellen  ? 

Flu.  The  perdition  of  th'  athverfary  hath  been  very 
great,  very  reafonable  great  •,  marry,  for  my  part,  I 
think,  the  Duke  hath  loft  never  a  man  but  one  that  is 
like  to  be  executed  for  robbing  a  church,  one  Bardolphy 
if  your  Majefty  know  the  man  :  his  face  is  all  bubukles, 
and  whelks,  and  knobs,  and  flames  of  fire  \  and  his  lips 
blows  at  his  nofe,  and  it  is  like  a  coal  of  fire,  fometimes 
plue,  and  fometimes  red  ;  but  his  nofe  is  executed,  and 
his  fire's  out. 

K.  Henry.  We  would  have  fuch  offenders  fo  cut  off; 
And  give  exprefs  charge,  that  in  all  our  march 
There  fhall  be  nothing  taken  from  the  villages, 
But  fhall  be  paid  for ;  and  no  French  upbraided, 
Or  yet  abufed  in  difdainful  language  •, 
When  lenity  and  cruelty  play  for  kingdoms, 
The  gentler  gamefter  is  the  fooneft  winner. 

"  ter  Editions ;  but  that  it  is  plain  from  the  Sequel,  that  the  Scene  here 
"  continues,  and  the  affair  of  the  Bridge  is  over."  Tis  plain,  this  is  a 
moft  inaccurate  Criticifm,  and  worthy  only  of  its  Author.  The  Scene, 
'tis  true,  continues,  and  the  Affair  of  the  Bridge  is  over ;  but  thefe  Words 
are  to  be  continued  for  all  That.  Tho  the  Atfair  of  the  Bridge  be  over, 
is  That  a  Reafon,  that  the  King  mull  receive  no  Intelligence  from  thence  ? 
Fluellen,  who  comes  from  the  Bridge,  means  no  more  than  this,  that  he 
wants  to  acquaint  the  King  with  the  Transitions  that  had  happen'd 
there,  and  with  the  Duke  of  Exeter\  having  repuls'd  the  Trench  from 
thence.    And  this  is  what  he  calls  fteaking  to  the  King  from  the  Bridge. 

D  3  Tucket 


54  King  Henry  V. 

Tucket  founds.     Ent$r  Mountjoy. 

Mount.  You  know  me  by  my  habit. 

K.  Henry.  Well  then,  I  know  thee  j  what  {hall  I  know 
of  thee  ? 

Mount.  My  matter's  mind. 

K.  Henry.  Unfold  it.  [land,. 

Mount.  Thus  fays  my  King  :    fay  thou  to  Harry  Eng- 
Although  we  feemed  dead,  we  did  but  fleep  : 
Advantage  is  a  better  foldier  than  rafhnefs. 
Tell  him,'  we  could  at  Harflcur  have  rebuk'd  him  y 
But  that  we  thought  not  good  to  bruife  an  injury, 
Till  it  were  ripe.     Now  fpeak  we  on  our  cue, 
With  voice  imperial :  England  (hall  repent 
His  folly,  fee  his  weaknefs,  and  admire 
Our  fuff'rance.     Bid  him  therefore  to  confider, 
What  muft  the  ranfom  be,  which  muft  proportion 
The  lofTes  we  have  born,  the  fubjecls  we 
Have  loft,  and  the  difgrace  we  have  digefled  ; 
To  anfwer  which,  his  pettinefs  would  bow  under. 
Firft  for  our  lofs,  too  poor  is  his  Exchequer  , 
for  the  effufion  of  our  blood,  his  army 
Too  faint  a  number  ;  and  for  our  difgrace, 
Ev'n  his  own  perfon  kneeling  at  our  feet 
A  weak  and  worthlefs  fatisfaclion. 
To  this,  defiance  add  ;  and  for  conclufion, 
Tell  him  he  hath  betray'd  his  followers, 
Whofe  condemnation  is  pronounc'd.     So  far 
My  King  and  mafter  ;  and  fo  much  my  office. 

K.  Henry.  What  is  thy  name  ?   I  know  thy  quality. 
Mount.  Mountjoy. 

K.  Henry.  Thou  do'ft  thy  office  fairly.  Turn  thee  back, 
And  tell  thy  King,  I  do  not  feek  him  now  -9 
But  could  be  willing  to  march  on  to  Calais 
Without  impeachment ;   for,  to  fay  the  footh, 
(Though  'tis  no  wifdom  to  confefs  fo  much 
Unto  an  enemy  of  craft  and  vantage) 
My  people  are  with  ficknefs  much  enfeebled, 
My  numbers  lefTen'd  ;    and  thofe  few  I  have, 
Almoft  no  better  than  fo  mapy  French  \ 

Who 


King  Henry  V.  55 

Who  when  they  were  in  health,  I  tell  thee,   herald, 

I  thought,  upon  one  pair  of  Englijh  legs 

Did  march  three  Frenchmen.     Yet,  forgive  me,   God, 

That  I  do  brag  thus  ;   this  your  air  of  France 

Hath  blown  that  vice  in  me  ;   I  muft  repent. 

Go,  therefore,  tell  thy  mafter,  here  I  am  \ 

My  ranfom  is  this  frail  and  worthlefs  trunk ; 

My  army  but  a  weak  and  fickly  guard : 

Yet,  God  before,  tell  him  we  will  come  on, 

Though  France  himfelf,  and  fuch  another  neighbour, 

Stand  in  our  way.    There's  for  thy  labour,  Mountjoy. 

Go,  bid  thy  mafter  well  advife  himfelf: 

If  we  may  pafs,  we  will ;  if  we  be  hinder'd, 

We  fhall  your  tawny  ground  with  your  red  blood 

Difcolour  j    and  fo,   Mountjoy,  fare  you  well. 

The  fum  of  all  our  anfwer  is  but  this  ; 

We  would  not  feek  a  battle  as  we  are, 

Yet,  as  we  are,   we  fay,  we  will  not  fhun  it : 

So  tell  your  mafter. 

Mount.  I  mall  deliver  fo  :   thanks  to  your  highnefs. 

.  [Exit. 

GIou.  I  hope,  they  will  not  come  upon  us  now. 

K.  Henry.  We  are  in  God's  hand,  brother,  not  in  theirs : 
March  to  the  bridge ;  it  now  draws  toward  night  j 
Beyond  the  river  we'll  encamp  our  felves  •, 
rAnd  on  to  morrow,*bid  them  march  away.  [Exeunt, 

SCENE,  the  French  Camp  near  Agincourt. 

Enter  the  Conftable  of  France,   the  Lord  Rambures,  Or- 
leans, Dauphin,  with  others. 

Con.  riplU  T,  I  have < the  beft  armour  of  the  world, 
JL    Would,  it  were  day  ! 

Orl.  You  have  an  excellent  armour  j  but  let  my  horfe 
have  his  due. 

Con.  It  is  the  beft  horfe  of  Europe. 

Orl.  Will  it  never  be  morning  ? 

D  4  Dau: 


56  Ktng  Henry  V. 

Dau.  My  lord  of  Orleans,  and  my  lord  high  Conftable, 
you  talk  of  horfe,  and  armour, — 

Orl.  You  are  as  well  provided  of  both,  as  any  Prinee 
in  the  world. 

Dau.  What  a  long  night  is  this !  I  will  not  change  my 
horfe  with  any  that  treads  but  on  four  patterns  j  fa,  ha ! 
le  Chev at  volant,  the  Pegafus,  chez  les  Narines  de  feu! 
he  bounds  from  the  earth,  as  if  his  entrails  were  hairs  ; 
when  I  beftride  him,  I  foar,  I  am  a  Hawk  -,  he  trots 
the  air,  the  earth  fings  when  he  touches  it  ;  the  bafeft 
horn  of  his  hoof  is  more  mufical  than  the  pipe  of  Her* 
?nes. 

Orl,  He's  of  the  colour  of  the  nutmeg. 

Dau.  And  of  the  heat  of  the  ginger.  It  is  a  beaft  for 
Perfeus  \  he  is  pure  air  and  fire  5  and  the  dull  elements 
of  earth  and  water  never  appear  in  him,  but  only  in 
patient  ftilnefs  while  his  rider  mounts  him  ;  he  is,  indeed, 
a  horfe  ;   and  all  other  jades  you  may  call  beafts. 

Con.  Indeed,  my  Lord,  it  is  a  moft  abfolute  and  ex^ 
cellent  horfe, 

Dau.  It  is  the  prince  of  palfreys  ;  his  neigh  is  like  the 
bidding  of  a  monarch,  and  his  countenance  enforces 
homage. 

Orl.  No  more,  coufin. 

Dau.  Nay,  the  man  hath  no  wit,  that  cannot,  from  the 
rifing  of  the  lark  to  the  lodging  of  the  lamb,  vary  de- 
fended praife  on  my  palfry  ;  it  is  a  theme  as  fluent  as  the 
lea  :  turn  the  fands  into  eloquent  tongues,  and  my  horfe 
is  argument  for  them  all ;  'tis  a  fubjecl;  for  a  Soveraign 
toreafon  on,  and  for  a  Soveraign's  Soveraign  to  ride  on  ; 
znd  for  the  world,  familiar  to  us  and  unknown,  to  lay 
apart  their  particular  functions  and  wonder  at  him.  I 
once  writ  a  fonnet  in  his  praife,  and  began  thus,  Wonder 
of  nature.— 

Orl.  I  have  heard  a  fonnet  begin  fo  to  one's  miftrefs. 

Dau.  Then  did  they  imitate  that,  which  I  compos'd  to 
my  courfer  ;    for  my  horfe  is  my  miftrefs. 

Orl  Your  miftrefs  bears  well. 

Dau.  Me,  well  ; — which  is  the  prefcript  praife,  and 
perfection,  of  a  good  and  particular  miftrefs. 

Cone 


King  Henry  V-  57 

Con.  Methought,  yefterday  your  miftrefs  flirewdly 
{hook  your  back. 

Dau.  So,  perhaps,  did  yours. 

Con.  Mine  was  not  bridled. 

Dau.  O,  then  belike  fhe  was  old  and  gentle  ;  and 
you  rode,  like  a  Kerne  of  Ireland,  your  French  hofe  off, 
and  in  your  {trait  Trotters.  (28) 

Con.  You  have  good  judgment  in  horfemanfhip. 

Dau.  Be  warn'd  by  me  then  •,  they  that  ride  fo  and 
ride  not  warily,  fall  into  foul  bogs  ;  I  had  rather  have  my 
horfe  to  my  miftrefs. 

Con.  I  had  as  lieve  have  my  miftrefs  a  jade. 

Dau.  I  tell  thee,  Conftable,  my  miftrefs  wears  her  own 
hair. 

Con.  I  could  make  as  true  a  boaft  as  that,  if  I  had  a 
Sow  to  my  miftrefs. 

Dau.  Le  ckien  eft  retourne  a  fon  propre  vomijfement^  £f? 
la  trule  lavee  au  bourbler  •,   thou  mak'ft  ufe  of  any  thing. 

Con.  Yet  do  I  not  ufe  my  horfe  for  my  miftrefs  ;  or 
any  fuch  proverb,  fo  little  kin  to  the  purpofe. 

Ram.  My  lord  Conftable,  the  armour,  that  I  faw  in 
your  tent  to  night,  are  thofe  ftars,  or  funs  upon  it  ? 

Con.  Stars,  my  lord. 

Dau.  Some  of  them  will  fall  to  morrow,  I  hope. 

Con.  And  yet  my  sky  'mall  not  want. 

Dau.  That  may  be,  for  you  bear  many  fuperfluoufly ; 
and  'twere  more  honour,  fome  were  away. 

Con.  Ev'n  as  your  hprfe  bears  your  praifes,  who  would 
trot  as  well,  were  fome  of  your  brags  difmounted. 

(28)  Like  a  Kerne  of  Ireland,  your  French  hofe  off,  and  in  your  fir  ait 
Strollers.]  Thus  all  the  Editions  have  miftaken  this  Word,  which  mould 
bt  Tr offers  1  and  fignifies,  a  pair  of  Breeches.  So  Beaumont  and  Fletcher •, 
in  their  Coxcomb  ; 

■Q you  hobby-headed  Rafcal,  Til  ha<ve  youfea'd,  tfWTroffers  made 
of  thy  Skin  to  tumble  in. 

The  French  call,  to  trufs  or  pack  up,  troffer  ;  whether  our  Word, 
Troivfers,  be  deriv'd  from  thence,  I  am  not  certain:  But,  by  frait 
Troflers,  our  Poet  humouroufly  means,  femoribus  denudatis  :  for  the 
Kernes  of  Ireland  wear  no  Breeches,  any  more  than  the  Scotch-Highlanders 
do. 

Dau. 


5 1  Xing  Henry  V* 

Datt.  Would  I  were  able  to  load  him  with  his  defert. 
Will  it  never  be  day?  I  will  trot  to  morrow  a  mile, 
and  my  way  fhall  be  paved  with  Englijb  faces. 

Con.  I  will  not  fay  fo,  for  fear  I  fliou'd  be  fac'd  out 
of  my  way  ;  but  I  would  it  were  morning,  for  I  would 
fain  be  about  the  ears  of  the  Englijh. 

Ram.  Who  will  go  to  hazard  with  me  for  twenty 
Englijh  prifoners  ? 

Con.  You  mull  firft  go  your  felf  to  hazard,  ere  you 
have  them. 

Dau.  'Tis  mid-night,  I'll  go  arm  my  felf.  [Exit, 

Or  I.  The  Dauphin  longs  for  morning. 
Ram.  He  longs  to  eat  the  Englijh. 
Con.  I  think,  he  will  eat  all  he  kills. 
Orl.  By  the  white  hand  of  my  lady,  he's  a  gallant 
Prince. 

Con.  Swear  by  her  foot,  that  fhe  may  tread  out  the 
oath. 

Orl.  He  is  fimply  the  mod  active  gentleman  of  France. 
Con.  Doing  is  activity,  and  he  will  ftill  be  doing. 
Orl.  He  never  did  harm,  that  I  heard  of. 
Con.  Nor  will  do  none  to  morrow  ;  he  will  keep  that 
good  name  ftill. 

Orl.  I  know  him  to  be  valiant. 

Con.  I  was  told  that,  by  one  that  knows  him  better 
than  you. 

Orl.  What's  he  ? 

Con.  Marry,  he  told  me  fo  him  felf ;  and  he  faid,  he 
car'd  not  who  knew  it. 

Orl  He  needs  not,  it  is  no  hidden  virtue  in  him. 
Con.  By  my  faith,  Sir,  but  it  is  ;  never  any  body  law 
it,  but  his  lacquey ;  'tis  a  hooded  valour,  and  when  it 
appears,  it  will  bate. 

Orl.  HI  will  never  faid  well. 

Con.  I  will  cap  that  proverb  with,  There  is  flattery  in    - 
friendjhip. 

Orl.  And  I  will  take  up  that  with,  Give  the  Devil  his 
due. 

Con.  Well  plac'd  ;  there  (lands  your  friend  for  the 
devil ;  have  at  the  very  eye  of  that  proverb  with,  A  pox 
cj  the  devil.  Orl. 


King  HbnrtV.  J9 

On.  You  are  the  better  at  proverbs,  by  how  much 
a  fool's  bolt  is  foon  Jhot. 
Con.  You  have  fhot  over. 
Orl.  'Tis  not  the  firft  time  you  were  over- fhot. 

Enter,  a  Meffenger. 

Mejf.  My  Lord  high  Conftable,  the  Englijh  lye  within 
fifteen  hundred  paces  of  your  tents. 

Con.  Who  hath  meafur'd  the  ground  ? 

Mejf.  The  lord  Grandpree. 

Con.  A  valiant  and  mod  expert  gentleman.  Would 
it  were  day  !  Alas,  poor  Harry  of  England !  he  longs  not 
for  the  dawning  as  we  do. 

Orl.  What  a  wretched  and  peevifh  fellow  is  this  King 
of  England,  to  mope  with  his  fat-brain'd  followers  fo  far 
out  of  his  knowledge  ? 

Con.  If  the  Englijh  had  any  apprehenfion,  they  would 
run  away. 

Orl.  That  they  lack ;  for  if  their  heads  had  any  in- 
tellectual armour,  they  could  never  wear  fuch  heavy 
head-pieces. 

Ram.  That  Ifland  of  England  breeds  very  valiant 
creatures  •,  their  maftiffs  are  of  unmatchable  courage. 

Orl.  Foolifh  curs,  that  run  winking  into  the  mouth  of 
a  Ruffian  Bear,  and  have  their  heads  crufh'd  like  rotten 
apples.     You  may  as  well  fay,  that's  a  valiant  Flea,  that 
dares  eat  his  breakfaft  on  the  lip  of  a  Lion. 

Con.  Juft,  juft  ;  and  the  men  do  fymphathize  with  the 
maftiffs  in  robuftious  and  rough  coming  on,  leaving 
their  wits  with  their  wives  ;  and  then  give  them  great 
meals  of  beef,  and  iron  and  fteel,  they  will  eat  like 
wolves,  and  fight  like  devils. 

Orl.  Ay  ;  but  thefe  Englijh  are  fhreudly  out  of  beef. 

Con.  Then  fhall  we  find  to  morrow,  they  have  only 
ftomachs  to  eat,  and  none  to  fight.  Now  is  it  time  to 
arm  ;  come,  (hall  we  about  it  ? 

Orl.  'Tis  two  a  clock  ;  but  (let  me  fee)  by  ten, 
We  ihalj  have  each  a  hundred  Englijh  men.  [Exeunt. 

Enter 


ff/J 


60  King  Henry  V. 

Enter  Chorus. 

Now  entertain  conjecture  of  a  time, 
"When  creeping  murmur,  and  the  poring  dark, 
Fills  the  wide  vefTel  of  the"*univerfe. 
/7^Vj   From  camp  to  camp,  through  the  foul  womb  of  night, 
The  hum  of  either  army  ftilly  founds  •, 
That  the  fixt  centinels  almoft  receive 
The  fecret  whifpers  of  each  other's  watch. 
Fire  anfwers  fire  ;  and  through  their  paly,  flames 
Each  battel  fees  the  other's  umber'd  face. 
Steed  threatens  fteed,  in  high  and  boaftful  neighs 
Piercing  the  night's  dull  ear  ;  and  from  the  tents, 
The  armourers,  accomplishing  the  knights, 
With  bufie  hammers  clofmg  rivets  up, 
Give  dreadful  note  of  preparation. 
The  country  cocks  do  crow,  the  clocks  do  toll ; 
And  (the  third  hour  of  droufie  morning  nam'd) 
Proud  of  their  numbers  and  fecure  in  foul, 
The  confident  and  over-lufty  French 
Do  the  low- rated  Engltfh  play  at  dice  ; 
And  chide  the  cripple  tardy-gated  night, 
Who,  like  a  foul  and  ugly  witch,  does  limp 
So  tedioufly  away.     The  poor  condemned  Englij?^ 
Like  facrifices,  by  their  watchful  rires 
Sit  patiently,  and  inly  ruminate 
The  morning's  danger  :  and  their  gefture  fad, 
k  f7-2^Invefting  lank-lean  cheeks  and  war-worn  coats, 
Prefented  them  unto  the  gazing  moon 
So  many  horrid  ghofts.     Who  now  beholds 
The  royal  captain  of  this  ruin'd  band 
Walking  from  watch  to  watch,  from  tent  to  tent, 
Let  him  cry,  Praife  and  glory  on  his  head  ! 
For  forth  he  goes  and  vifits  all  his  hoft, 
Bids  them  good  morrow  with  a  modeft  fmile, 
And  calls  them  brothers,  friends,  and  countrymen. 
Upon  his  royal  face  there  is  no  note, 
How  dread  an  army  hath  enrounded  him  ; 
Nor  doth  he  dedicate  one  jot  of  colour 
Unto  the  weary  and  all-watched  night : 


Bu 


King  Henry  VV  ,  gf 

But  frefhly  looks  and  over-bears  attaint, 

With  chearful  femblance  and  fweet  majefty : 

That  ey'ry  wretch,  pining  and  pale  before,  * 

Beholding  him,  plucks  comfort  from  his  looks. 

A  largefs  universal,  like  the  fun, 

His  lib'ral  eye  doth  give  to  ev'ry  one, 

Thawing  cold  fear.     Then,   mean  and  gentle,  all 

Behold,  (as  may  unworthinefs  define)  (29) 

A  little  touch  of  Harry  in  the  nio-ht. 

And  fo  our  fcene  mull  to  the  battel  fly  : 

Where,  O  for  pity  !  we  fhall  much  difgrace, 

With  four  or  five  moft  vile  and  ragged  foils, 

(Right  ill  difpos'd,  in  brawl  ridiculous) 

The  name  of  Agincourt.     Yet  fit  and  fee, 

Minding  true  things  by  what  their  mock'ries  be.       [Exit. 

(29)  — -  Fear ;  that  mean  and  gentle  all 
Behold  (as  may,  &c.]  As  this  flood,  it  was  a  moft  perplex'd  and 
nonfenfical  Paffage  :  and  could  not  be  intelligible,  but  as  I  have  corretted 
I  j  .-^  firft'  exPatiates  on  the  real  Influence  that  Harris  Eve 
had  on  his  Camp  :  and  then  addreffing  himfelf  to  every  Degre/of  his 
Audience,  he  tells  them,  he'll  mew  (as  well  as  his  unworthy  Pen  and 
Powers  can  defcnbe  it)  a  little  Touch,  or  Sketch  of  this  Hero  in  the 
Night :  a  faint  Refemblance  of  that  Chearfulnefs  and  Refolution  which 
™   ^raveuPrmce  e*Vr?[fd  in  ^mfelf,  and  infpired  in  his  Followers. 

m    mw?  tht  hckeinanner  before,  in  the  Prologue  to  this  Play, 
addrefs'd  himfelf  to  the  Spe&ators.  J 

Pardon,   Gentles  all, 

The  flat  unraifed  Spirit,  that  hath  dar'd 

On  this  unworthy  Scaffold  to  bring  forjth 

So  great  an  Objecl. 

And  likewife  in  one  of  the  preceding  Chorus's. 

and  the  Scene 

Is  now  tranfported,  Gentles,  to  Southampton. 

5j£™  Sag in  "* Epikae  t0  * Vhy- again  moiemy  *»»** 

Thus  far  with  rough  and  all-unable  Pen 

Our  lending  Author  hath  purfued  the  Story,  Sec. 


ACT 


6%  King  Henry  V» 


y 


ACT    IV. 

SCENE,  the  Englifh  Camp,  at  Agincourt. 

Enter  King  Henry,  Bedford  and  Gloucefler. 

King  Henry, 

'Lou9fter9  *tis  true,  that  we  are  in  great  danger  •, 
The  greater  therefore  fliou'd  our  courage  be. 
Good  morrow,    brother  Bedford:   God  Al- 
mighty ! 
There  is  fome  foul  of  goodnefs  in  things  evil, 

Would  men  obfervingly  diftil  it  out. 

For  cur  bad  neighbour  makes  us  early  ftirrers  ; 

Which  is  both  healthful,  and  good  husbandry. 

Befides,  they  are  our  outward  confciences, 

And  preachers  to  us  all ;  admonifhing, 

That  we  mould  drefs  us  fairly  for  our  end. 

Thus  may  we  gather  honey  from  the  weed, 

And  make  a  moral  of  the  devil  himfelf. 

Enter  Erpingham. 

Good  morrow,  old  Sir  Thomas  Erpingham : 
A  good  foft  pillow  for  that  good  white  head 
Were  better  than  a  churlifh  turf  of  France. 

Erping.  Not  fo,  my  Liege  •,  this  lodging  likes  me  bet-  ] 
Since  I  may  fay,  now  lye  I  like  a  King.  [ter^ ; 

K.  Henry.  'Tis  good  for  men  to  love  their  prefent  pain 
Upon  example  ;  fo  the  fpirit  is  eafed : 
And  when  the  mind  is  quicken'd,  out  of  doubt, 
The  organs,  though  defunct  and  dead  before, 
Break  up  their  drowfie  grave,  and  newly  move 
With  called  flough  and  frefh  legerity. 
Lend  me  thy  cloak,  Sir  Thomas :  brothers  both, 

Commend 


King  Henry  V.  £3 

Commend  me  to  the  Princes  in  our  camp : 
Do  my  good  morrow  to  them,  and  anon 
Defire  them  all  to  my  pavillion. 

Glou.  We  fhall,  my  Liege. 

Erping.  Shall  I  attend  your  grace  ? 

K.  Henry.  No,  my  good  knight ; 
Go  with  my  brothers  to  my  lords  of  England : 
I  and  my  bofom  mtift  debate  a  while, 
And  then  I  would  no  other  company. 

Erping.  The  Lord  in  heaven  blefs  thee,  noble  Harry  ! 

[Exeunt. 

K.  Henry.  God-a-mercy,  old  heart,  thou  fpeak'it  chear- 
fully. 

Enter  Piftol. 

Piji.  Qui  va  la  ? 

K.  Henry.  A  friend. 

Piji.  Difcufs  unto  me,  art  thou  officer, 
Or  art  thou  bafe,  common  and  popular  ? 

K.  Henry,  I  am  a  gentleman  of  a  company. 

Piji.  Trail'ft  thou  the  puiflant  pike  ? 

K.  Henry.  Even  fo :  what  are  you  ? 

Pift.  As  good  a  gentleman  as  the  Emperor. 

K.  Henry.  Then  you  are  a  better  than  the  King. 

Pift.  The  King's  a  bawcock,  and  a  heart  of  gold, 
A  lad  of  life,  an  imp  of  fame, 
Of  parents  good,  of  fift  mod  valiant: 
I  kifs  his  dirty  (hoe,  and  from  my  heart-ftring 
I  love  the  lovely  bully.    What's  thy  name  ? 

K.  Henry.  Harry  le  Roy. 

Pift.  Le  Roy  !  a  Cornijh  name :  art  thou  of  Conijh 
crew? 

K.  Henry,  No,  I  am  a  Weljhman. 

Pift.  Know'ft  thou  Fluellen  ? 

K,  Henry.  Yes. 

Pift.  Tell  him,  PU  knpck  his  leek  about  his  pate, 
Upon  St.  David's  day. 

K.  Henry.  Do  not  you  wear  your  dagger  in  your  cap 
that  day,  left  he  knock  that  about  yours, 

Pift.  Art  thou  his  friend  ? 

3  K,  Henr\\ 


64  King  Henry  V. 

K«  Henry.  And  his  kinfman  too. 

Tift.  The  Figo  for  thee  then  ! 

K.  Henry.  I  thank  you  :  God  be  with  you. 

Tift.  My  name  is  Tiftol  calPd.  [Exit. 

K.  Henry.  It  forts  well  with  your  flercenefs. 

[Manet  King  Henry. 

Enter  Fluellen,  and  Gower,  feverally. 

Gow.  Captain  Fluellen.*  ■ 

Flu.  So  -,  in  the  name  of  Jefu  Chrift,  fpeak  fewer  ;  it 
is  the  greateft  admiration  in  the  univerfal  world,  when 
the  true  and  auncient  prerogatifes  and  laws  of  the  wars  is 
not  kept :  if  you  would  take  the  pains  but  to  examine  the 
wars  of  Tompey  the  great,  you  fliall  find,  I  warrant  you, 
that  there  is  no  tiddle  taddle,  nor  pibble  pabble,  in  Tom- 
pefs  camp:  I  warrant  you,  you  fhall  find  the  ceremo- 
nies of  the  wars,  and  the  cares  of  it,  and  the  forms  of 
it,  and  the  fobrieties  of  it,  and  the  modefty  of  it  to  be 
otherwife. 

Gow.  Why  the  enemy  is  loud,  you  hear  him  all 
night. 

Flu.  If  the  enemy  is  an  afs  and  a  fool,  and  a  prating 
coxcomb,  is  it  meet,  think  you,  that  we  fhould  alio, 
look  you,  be  an  Afs  and  a  fool,  and  a  prating  coxcomb, 
in  your  own  confcience  now  ? 

Gow.  I  will  fpeak  lower. 

Flu.  I  pray  you,  and  befeech  you,  that  you  will. 

{Exeunt. 

K.  Henry.  Though  it  appear  a  little  out  of  fafhion, 
There  is  much  care  and  valour  in  this  Weljhman. 

Enter  three  Soldiers,  John  Bates,  Alexander  Court,   and 

Michael  Williams. 

Court.  Brother  John  Bates,  is  not  that  the  morning 
which  breaks  yonder  ? 

Bates.  I  think  it  be,  but  we  have  no  great  caufe  to' 
defire  the  approach  of  day. 

Williams.  We  fee  yonder  the  beginning  of  the  day, 

but,  I  think,  we  fliall  never  fee  the  end  of  it.     Who  goes 

there  ? 

i  K.  Henry. 


King  Henry  V.  65 

R.  Henry.  A  friend. 

Will.  Under  what  captain  ferve  you  ? 

K.  Henry.  Under  Sir  'Thomas  Erpingham.  (30) 

Will.  A  good  old  commander,  and  a  mod  kind  gen* 
tleman  :  1  pray  you,  what  thinks  he  of  our  eftate? 

K.Henry.    Even  as   men  wrack'd  upon  a  fand,    that 
look  to  be  wafh'd  off  the  next  tide. 

Bates.  He  hath  not  told  his  thought  to  the  King  ? 

K.  Henry.  No ;  nor  is  it  meet,  he  fhou'd :  for  tho  I 
fpeak  it  to  you,  I  think,  the  King  is  but  a  man  as  I  am  : 
the  Violet  fmells  to  him  as  it  doth  to  me ;  the  element 
fhews  to  him  as  it  doth  to  me  •,  all  his  fenfes  have  but 
human  conditions.  His  ceremonies  laid  by,  in  his  na- 
kednefs  he  appears  but  a  man  •,  and  tho  his  affections 
are  higher  mounted  than  ours,  yet  when  they  Hoop, 
they  ftoop  with  the  like  wing  •,  therefore  when  he  fees 
reafon  of  fears  as  we  do,  his  fears,  out  of  doubt,  be  of 
the  fame  relifh  as  ours  are  *,  yet  in  reafon  no  man  mould 
poffefs  him  with  any  appearance  of  fear,  left  he,  by 
fhewing  it,  mould  difhearten  his  army. 

Bates.  He  may  (hew  what  outward  courage  he  will ; 
but  I  believe,  as  cold  a  night  as  'tis,  he  could  wifh  him- 
fdf  in  the  Thames  up  to  the  neck ;  and  fo  I  would  he 
were,  and  I  by  him  at  all  adventures,  fo  we  were  quit 
here. 

K.  Henry.  By  my  troth,  I  will  fpeak  my  confcience  of 
the  King  •,  I  think,  he  would  not  wifh  himfelf  any  where 
but  where  he  is. 

Bates.  Then  would  he  were  here  alone  •,  fo  mould  he 
be  fure  to  be  ranfomed,  and  many  poor  mens  lives 
faved. 

K.  Henry.  I  dare  fay,  you  love  him  not  fo  ill  to  wiflh. 
him  here  alone;  howfoever  you  fpeak  this  to  feel  other 
mens  minds.  Methinks,  I  could  not  die  anv  where  fo 
contented  as  in  the  King's  company  ;  his  caufe  being  juft, 
and  his  quarrel  honourable. 

(30)  K.  Hemy.  Under  Sir  John  Erpingham.]  Thus  all  the  Editions- 
blunderingly,  till  I  corre&ed  it,  in  my  Shakespeare  refold,  Sir 
Thomas  Erpingham  :  Since  which,  Mr.  Pope  has  vouckfaf'd  to  rectify  the 
Name  in  his  lail  Edition. 

Vol.  IV.  E  Will. 


66  King  Henry  V. 

Will.  That's  more  than  we  know. 

Bates.  Ay,  or  more  than  we  fliou'd  feek  after  ;  for 
we  know  enough,  if  we  know  we  are  the  King's  fub- 
jecls :  if  his  caufe  be  wrong,  our  obedience  to  the  King 
wipes  the  crime  of  it  out  of  us. 

Will,  But  if  the  caufe  be  not  good,  the  King  himfelf  ■ 
hath  a  heavy  reckoning  to  make  *,  when  all  thofe  legs, 
and  arms,  and  heads,  chop'd  off  in  a  battel,  fhall  join  to- 
gether at  the  latter  day,  and  cry  all,  We  dfd  at  Ju/cb  a 
-place  -,  fome,  fwearing  ;  fome,  crying  for  a  furgeon  -,  fome, 
upon  their  wives  left  poor  behind  them  ;  fome,  upon  the 
debts  they  owe  •,  fome,  upon  their  children  rawly  left.  I 
am  afear'd  there  are  few  die  well,  that  die  in  battel ;  for 
how  can  they  charitably  difpofe  of  any  thing,  when 
blood  is  their  argument  P  now  if  thefe  men  do  not  die 
well,  it  will  be  a  black  matter  for  the  King  that  led  them 
to  it,  whom  to  difobey  were  againft  all  proportion  of 
fubjecYion. 

K.  Henry.  So,  if  a  fon,  that  is  fent  by  his  father  about 
merchandize,  do  fall  into  fome  lewd  action  and  mif- 
carry,  the  imputation  of  his  wickednefs,  by  your  rule, 
mould  be  irnpofed  upon  his  father  that  fent  him  -,  or  if 
a  fervant  under  his  matter's  command  tranfporting  a 
fum  of  money,  be  affail'd  by  robbers,  and  die  in  many, 
irreconcil'd  iniquities  ;  you  may  call  the  bufinefs  of  the 
mafter  the  author  of  the  fervant's  damnation  ;  but  this 
is  not  fo :  the  King  is  not  bound  to  anfwer  the  particular 
endings  of  his  foldiers,  the  father  of  his  fon,  nor  the 
mafter  of  his  fervant ;  for  they  purpofe  not  their  death, 
when  they  purpofe  their  fervices.  Befides,  there  is  no 
Kino",  be  his  caufe  mever  fo  fpotlefs,  if  it  come  to  the 
arbitrement  of  fwords,  can  try  it  out  with  all  unfpotted 
foldiers  :  fome,  perad venture,  have  on  them  the  guilt  of 
premeditated  and  contrived  murther  •,  fome,  of  beguiling 
virgins  with  the  broken  feals  of  perjury  ;  fome,  making 
the  wars  their  bulwark,  that  have  before  gored  the  gentle 
bofom  of  peace  with  pillage  and  robbery.  Now  if  thefe 
men  have  defeated  the  law,  and  out-run  native  punifh- 
ment  •,  though  they  can  out-ftrip  men,  they  have  no 
wings  to  fly  from  God.    War  is  his  beadle,  war  is  hi« 

vengeance 


King  Henri  V.  67 

vengeance  ;  fo  that  here  men  are  punifhed,  for  before 
breach  of  the  King's  laws,  in  the  King's  quarrel  now : 
where  they  feared  the  death,  they  have  born  life  away  ; 
and  where  they  would  be  fafe,    they  perifh.      Then  if 
they  die  unprovided,  no  more  is  the  King  guilty  of  their 
damnation,    than   he  was  before  guilty  of  thofc  impie- 
ties for   which  they    are  now  vifited.      Every    fubjtcl's 
duty   is  the  King's,  but  every  fubjecTs  foul  is  his  own. 
Therefore  fhould  every  foldicr  in  the  wars  do  as   every 
fick  man  in  his  bed,  wafh  every  moth  out  of  his  con- 
fcience :   and  dying  fo,  death   is  to  him  advantage  •,  or 
not  dying,  the  time  was  blefledly  loft,  wherein  fuch  pre- 
paration was  gained :   and,  in   him  that  efcapes,  it  were 
not  fin  to  think,  that  making  God  fo  free  an  offer,  he 
let  him  out-live  that  day   to  fee  his  greatnefs,    and  to 
teach  others  how  they  mould  prepare. 

Will,  'Tis  certain,  every  man  that  dies  ill,  the  ill  is 
upon  his  own  head,  the  King  is  not  to  anfwer  for  it. 

Bates.  I  do  not  defire  he  fhould  anfwer  for  me,  and 
yet  I  determine  to  fight  luftily  for  him. 

K.  Henry.  I  my  felf  heard  the  King  fay,  he  would  not 
be  ranfom'd. 

Will.  Ay,  he  faid  fo,  to  make  us  fight  chearfully;  but 
when  our  throats  are  cut,  he  may  be  ranfom'd,  and  we 
ne'er  the  wifer. 

K.  Henry.  If  I  live  to  fee  it,  I  will  never  trull  his 
word  after. 

Will.  You  pay  him  then  ;  that's  a  perilous  (hot  out  of 
an  Elder-gun,  that  a  poor  and  private  difpleafure  can  do 
againft  a  monarch !  you  may  as  well  go  about  to  turn  the 
fun  to  ice,  with  fanning  in  his  face  with  a  Peacock's 
feather :  you'll  never  truft  his  word  after !  come,  'tis  a 
foolifh  faying. 

K.  Henry.   Your   reproof  is  fornething   too   round :   I 
mould  be  angry  with  you,  if  the  time  were  convenient. 
Will.  Let  it  be  a  quarrel  between  us,  if  you  live. 
K.  Henry.  I  embrace  it. 
Will.  How  ihall  I  know  thee  again  ? 

E  2  K,  Henry, 


68  King  Henry  V- 

K,  Henry.  Give  me  any  gage  of  thine,  and  I  will 
wear  it  in  my  bonnet:  then  if  ever  thou  dar'fl:  acknow- 
ledge it,  I  will  make  it  my  quarrel. 

Will.  Here's  my  glove  s  give  me  another  of  thine. 

K.  Henry.  There. 

Will.  This  will  I  alfo  wear  in  my  cap ;  if  ever  thou 
come  to  me  and  fay,  after  to  morrow,  this  is  my  glove  5 
by  this  hand,  I  will  give  thee  a  box  on  the  ear. 

K.  Henry.  If  ever  I  live  to  fee  it,  I  will  challenge  it. 

Will.  Thou  dar'fl  as  well  be  hang'd. 

K.  Henry.  Well,  I  will  do  it,  though  I  take  thee  in  the 
King's  company. 

Will.  Keep  thy  word :  fare  thee  well. 

Bates.  Be  friends,  you  Englijh  fools,  be  friends ;  we 
have  French  quarrels  enow,  if  you  could  tell  how  to 
reckon.  [Exeunt  foldiers. 

[Manet  King  Henry. 

K.  Henry.  Indeed,  the  French  may  lay  twenty  French 
crowns  to  one,  they  will  beat  us,  for  they  bear  them  on 
their  moulders ;  but  it  is  no  Englijh  treafon  to  cut  French 
crowns,  and  to  morrow  the  King  himfelf  will  be  a  clipper. 
Upon  the  King  1  let  us  our  lives,  our  fouls, 
Our  debts,  our  careful  wives,  our  children  and 
Our  fins,  lay  on  the  King-,  he  mud  bear  all. 
O  hard  condition,  and  twin-born  with  greatnefs, 
Subject  to  breath  of  ev'ry  fool,  whofe  fenfe 
No  more  can  feel  but  his  own  wringing. 
What  infinite  heart-eafe  mull  Kings  neglect, 
That  private  men  enjoy  ?    and  what  have  Kings, 
That  privates  have  not  too,  fave  ceremony  f 

Save  gen'ral  ceremony  ? 

And  what  art  thou,  thou  idol  ceremony  ? 

What  kind  of  God  art  thou  ?  that  fufFer'ft  more 

Of  mortal  griefs,  than  do  thy  worfhippers. 

What  are  thy  rents  ?  what  are  thy  comings-in ?  (3 1)       "v 

(31)   What  are  thy  Rents  ?    What  are  thy  Comings-in  ? 
O  Ceremony,  Jhe<w  me  hut  thy  Worth :  #  , 

What!  is  thy  Soul  of  Adoration?']     Thus  is  the  laft  Line  given  us,  and 

the  Nonfenfe  of  it  made  worfe  by  the  ridiculous  Pointing.    Let  us  ex- 
amine, 


King  Henry  V.  69 

O  ceremony,  fhew  me  but  thy  worth  5 

What  is  thy  toll,  O  adoration? 

Art  thou  aught  elfe  but  place,  degree,  and  form, 

Creating  awe  and  fear  in  other  men  ? 

Wherein  thou  art  lefs  happy,  being  fear'd, 

Than  they  in  fearing. 

What  drink'ft  thou  oft,  inftead  of  homage  fweet, 

But  poifori'd  flatt'ry  ?    O  be  fick,  great  Greatnefs, 

And  bid  thy  ceremony  give  thee  cure. 

Think'ft  thou,  the  fiery  fever  will  go  out 

With  titles  blown  from  adulation  ? 

Will  it  give  place  to  flexure  and  low  bending  ? 

Can'ft  thou,  when  thou  command'ffc  the  beggar's  knee, 

Command  the  health  of  it?  no,  thou  proud  dream, 

That  play 'ft  fo  fubtly  with  a  King's  repofe  •, 

I  am  a  King,  that  find  thee  ;  and  I  know, 

'Tis  not  the  balm,  the  fcepter  and  the  ball, 

The  fword,  the  mace,  the  crown  imperial, 

The  enter-tififued  robe  of  gold  and  pearl, 

The  farfed  title  running  'fore  the  King, 

The  throne  he  fits  on,  nor  the  tide  of  pomp 

That  beats  upon  the  high  fhoar  of  this  world  •, 

No,  not  all  thefe  thrice-gorgeous  ceremonies, 

Not  all  thefe,  laid  in  bed  majeftical, 

Can  deep  fo  foundly  as  the  wretched  flave  •, 

Who,  with  a  body  fill'd,  and  vacant  mind, 

Gets  him  to  reft,  cramm'd  with  diftrefsful  bread  *, 

Never  fees  horrid  night,  the  child  of  hell : 

But,  like  a  lacquey,  from  the  rife  to  fet, 

Sweats  in  the  eye  of  Phoebus  *,  and  all  night 

Sleeps  in  Elyfium  \  next  day,  after  dawn, 

Doth  rife,  and  help  Hyperion  to  his  horfe  j 

And  follows  fo  the  ever-running  year 

With  profitable  labour  to  his  grave: 

And  (but  for  ceremony)  fuch  a  wretch, 

Winding  up  days  with  toil,  and  nights  with  deep, 

amine,  how  the  Context  flands  with  my  Emendation.  What  are  thy 
Rents  ?  What  are  thy  Comings-in  ?  What  is  thy  Worth  ?  What  is  thy 
5^//?—  (i.e.  the  Duties ,  and  Impojis,  thou  receiveft ;)  All  here  is 
confonant,  and  agreeable  to  a  fenfible  Exclamation.  Mr.  W&rhurton, 

E  3  Hath 


70  King  Henry  V* 

Hath  the  fore-hand  and  vantage  of  a  King: 
The  (lave,  a  member  of  the  country's  peace, 
Enjoys  it  f  but  in  grofs  brain  little  wots, 
What  watch  the  King  keeps  to  maintain  the  peace  •, 
Whofe  hours  the  peafant  belt  advantages. 

Enter  Erpingham. 

Erp.  My  lord,  your  Nobles,  jealous  of  your  abfence, 
Seek  through  your  camp  to  find  you, 

K.Henry.  Good  old  Knight, 
Colled  them  all  together  at  my  tent : 
I'll  be  before  thee. 

Erp.  ^1  (hall  do't,  my  lord.  [Exit. 

K.  Henr\.  O  God  of  battels !  fteel  my  foldiers  hearts ; 
Pofiefs  them  nor  with  fear  •,  take  from  them  now  (32) 
The  fenfe  of  reck'ning  \  left  th'  oppofed  numbers 
.Pluck  their  hearts  from  them.-- Not  to  day,  O  Lord, 

0  not  to  day,  think  not  upon  the  fault 
My  father  made  in  compaffing  the  crown. 

1  Richard's  body  have  interred  new, 

And  on  it  have  beftow'd  more  contrite  tears, 
Than  from  it  ifTu'd  forced  drops  of  blood. 
Five  hundred  Poor  I  have  in  yearly  pay, 
Who  twice  a-day  their  wither'd  hands  hold  up 
Tow'rd  heaven  to  pardon  blood ;  and  I  have  built 
Two  chauntries,  where  the  fad  and  iblemn  priefts 
Sing  ftill  for  Richard's  foul.     More  will  I  do  ; 
Tho  all  that  I  can  do,  is  nothing  worth, 
Since  that  my  penitence  comes  after  call,  (33) 
Imploring  pardon. 

Enter 

(32)  '     '  '■■« take  fro?n  them  now 

*The  Senfe  of  reckning  of  ttf  oppofed  Numbers  : 

Pluck  their  hearts  from  them.]  Thus  the  firfl:  folio  reads  and  points  this 
Paifage.  The  Poet  might  intend,  "  Take  from  them  the  Senfe  o£ 
"  reckoning  thofe  oppofed  Numbers ;  which  might  pluck  their  Courage 
"  from  them."  But  the  relative  not  being  exprels'd,  the  Senfe  is  very  ob- 
fcure  ;  and  the  following  Verb  feems  a  Petition,  in  the  Imperative  Mood. 
The  flight  Correction  I  have  given,  makes  it  clear  and  eafie. 

(33)  Since  that  my  Penitence  comes  after  all, 

Imploring  par  don. ~]  *We  mull  obferve,  that  Henry  IV.  had  committed  an 
lnjufiice,  of  which  he  and  his  Son  reap'd  the  Fruits.     But  Juftice  and 

right 


King  Henry  V.    '  7 1 

Enter  Gloucefter. 

Glou.  My -Liege. 

K.  Henry.  My  brother  Glc'Jler's  voice  ? 
I  know  thy  errand,  I  will  go  with  thee : 
The  day,  my  friends,  and  all  things  ftay  for  me. 

[Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to  the  French  Camp. 

Enter  the  Dauphin,  Orleans,  Rambures  and  Beaumont. 

O/.fjriHE  fun  doth  gild  our  armour  •,  up,  my  lords. 
JL  Dau.  Montez  Cbeval :  my  horfe,  valet  ^  lac- 
quay  :  ha ! 

Orl.  O  brave  fpirir. ! 

Dau.  Via  ! les  eaux  £s?  la  terre, 

Orl.  Rien  puis !  le  air  fcf  feu. 

Dau,  del !  Coufin  Orleans."  ■ 

Enter  Conftable. 

Now,  my  lord  Conftable  ! 

Con.  Hark,  how  our  Steeds  for  prefent  fervice  neigh. 

Dau.  Mount  them,  and  make  iricifion  in  their  hides, 
That  their  hot  blood  may  fpin  in  Englifh  eyes, 
And  daunt  them  with  fuperfluous  courage  :  ha ! 

Ram.  What,    will  you  have  them  weep  our   Horfes 
How  mail  we  then  behold  their  natural  tears  ?      [blood  ? 

Enter  Mejfenger. 
Mejf.  The  Englijh  are  embattel'd,  you  French  Peers. 

right  Reafon  tell  us,  that  they,  who  ftiare  the  Profits  of  Iniquity,  fliall 
ihare  likewife  in  the  Punifhment.  Scripture  again  tells  us,  that,  when 
Men  have  finn'd,  the  Grace  of  God  gives  frequent  Invitations  to  Repen- 
tance ;  which,  in  Scripture  language,  are  ftyled  Calls.  Thefe,  if  they 
have  been  carelefsly  dallied  with,  and  neglecled,  are  at  length  irrevoca- 
bly withdrawn ;  and  then  Repentance  comes  too  late.  This,  I  hope, 
will  fufficiently  vouch  for  my  Emendation,  and  explain  what  the  Poet 
would  make  the  King  fay.  Mr.  Warburton. 

E  4  Cm 


71  King  Henry  V. 

Con.  To  horfe  !  you  gallant  Princes,  ftrait  tojiorfe  ! 
Do  but  behold  yon  poor  and  ftarved  band, 
And  your  fair  mew  fhall  fuck  away  their  fouls  ; 
Leaving  them  but  the  fhales  and  husks  of  men. 
There  is  not  work  enough  for  all  our  hands, 
Scarce  blood  enough  in  all  their  fickly  veins 
To  give  each  naked  curtle-ax  a  (lain  ; 
That  our  French  gallants  mail  to  day  draw  out, 
And  (heath  for  lack  of  fport.     Let's  but  blow  on  them, 
The  vapour  of  our  valour  will  o'erturn  them. 
9Tis  pofitive  'gainfl:  all  exception,  lords, 
That  our  fuperfluous  lacqueys  and  our  peafants, 
Who  in  unnecefTary  action  fwarm 
About  our  fquares  of  battel,  were  enow 
To  purge  this  field  of  fueh  a  hilding  foe  \ 
Tho  we,  upon  this  mountain's  bafis  by, 
Took  (land  for  idle  fpeculatior* : 
But  that  our  honours  muft  not.     What's  to  fay  ? 
A  very  little,  little,  let  us  do  ; 
And  all  is  done.     Then  let  the  trumpets  found 
The  tucket  fonuance,  and  the  note  to  mount : 
For  our  approach  fhall  fo  much  dare  the  field, 
That  England  fhall  couch  down  in  fear,  and  yield. 

Enter  Grandpree. 

Grand.  Why  do  you  ftay  fo  long,  my  lords  of  France  t 
Yon  Uland  carrions,  defp'rate  of  their  bones, 
Ill-favour' dly  become  the  morning  field: 
Their  ragged  curtains  poorly  are  let  loofe, 
And  our  air  makes  them  pafling  fcornfully. 
gig  Mars  feems  bankrupt  in  their  beggar'd  hoft, 
And  faintly  through  a  rufty  bever  peeps. 
The  horfemen  fit  like  fixed  candlefticks, 
With  torch-ftaves  in  their  hand ;  and  their  poor  jades 
Lob  down  their  heads,  dropping  the  hide  and  hips  % 
The  gum  down-roping  from  their  pale  dead  eyes  j 
And  in  their  pale  dull  mouths  the  jymold  bitt 
Lyes  foul  with  chaw'd  grafs,  (till  and  motionlefs  5 
And  their  executors,  the  knavifh  Crows, 
Fly  o'er  them,  all  impatient  for  their  hour, 

Defcription 


King  Henry  V.  73 

Defcription  cannot  fuit  it  felf  in  words, 
To  demonflrate  the  life  of  fuch  a  battle, 
In  life  -fo  livelefs  as  it  fhews  it  felf. 

Con.  They've  faid   their  prayers,    and   they   flay   for 
death. 

Dau.  Shall  we  go  fend  them  dinners  and  frem  futes, 
And  give  their  falling  Horfes  provender, 
And,  after,  fight  v/ith  them  ? 

Con.  I  flay  but  for  my  guard :  on,  to  the  field  ; 
I  will  the  banner  from  a  trumpet  take, 
And  ufe  it  for  my  hafte.     Come,  come,  away  ! 
The  fun  is  high,  and  we  out-wear  the  day.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE,  the  Englifh  Camp. 

Enter  Gloucefler,  Bedford,  Exeter,  Erpingham,  with  all 
the  Hoft  •,  Salisbury  and  Weflmorland. 

Clou.  \  7C  T  H  E  R  E  is  the  King  ? 

V  V      Bed.   The  King  himfelf  is  rode  to  view 
their  battle. 
Weft.    Of   fighting    men    they    have  full   threefcore 

thoufand. 
Exe.  There's  five  to  one  ;  befides,  they  all  are  frefh. 
Sal.  God's  arm  ftrike  with  us,  'tis  a  fearful  odds  ! 
God  be  wi'  you,  Princes  all  \  I'll  to  my  charge. 
If  we  no  more  meet  till  we  meet  in  heav'n, 
Then  joyfully,  my  noble  lord  of  Bedford, 
My  dear  lord  Glower,  and  my  good  lord  Exeter, 
And  my  kind  kinfman,  warriors  all,  adieu! 

Bed.  Farewel,  good  Salisbury,  and  good  luck  go  with 
thee!  (34) 

(34)  Bed.  Tarewel,  good  Salisbury,  and  good  Luck  go  <with  thee. 
And  yet  I  do  thee  nvrong  to  mind  thee  of  it, 
For  thou  art  franid  of  the  firm  Truth  of  Valour. 
Exe.  Farenvel,  kind  Lord :  fight  valiantly  to  day.'] 
What !  does  he  do  Salisbury  Wrong,  to  wifh  him  good  Luck  ?    Can  any 
Thing  be  more  ridiculous  than  to  fay  fo  ?    The  ingenious  Dr.  Thirlby 
prefcrib'd  to  me  the  Tranfpofition  of  the  Verfes,  which  I  have  made  in 
jhe  Text :  and  the  old  4to's  plainly  lead  to  fuch  a  Regulation. 

Exe. 


74  King  Henry  V. 

Exe.  to  Sal.  Farewcl,  kind   Jord  ;    fight   valiantly  to 
And  yet  I  do  thee  wrong  to  mind  thee  of  it,  [day  : 

For  thou  art  fram'd  of  the  firm  truth  of  valour. 

[Exit  Sal. 

Bed.  He  is  as  full  of  valour,  as  of  kindnefs  j 
Princely  in  both. 

Enter  King  Henry. 

Weft.  O,  that  we  now  had  here 
But  one  ten  thoufand  of  thofe  men  in  England % 
That  do  no  work  to  day  ! 

K.  Henry.  What's  he,  that  wifhes  fo  ? 
My  coufin  Weft mor land  ?  no,  my  fair  coufin, 
If  we  are  mark'd  to  die,   we  are  enow 
To  do  our  country  lofs  *,  and  if  to  live, 
The  fewer  men,  the  greater  fhare  of  honour. 
God's  will !    I  pray  thee,  wifh  not  one  man  more. 
By  Jove,  I  am  not  covetous  of  gold  \ 
Nor  care  I,  v/ho  doth  feed  upon  my  coft  ; 
It  yerns  me  not,  if  men  my  garments  wear  ; 
Such  outward  things  dwell  not  in  mv  defires  : 
But  if  it  be  a  fin  to  covet  honour, 
lam  the  moft  offending  foul  alive. 
No,  faith,  my  lord,  wifh  not  a  man  from  England; 
God's  peace,  I  would  not  lofe  fo  great  an  honour, 
As  one  man  more,  methinks,   would  (hare  from  me, 
For  the  beft  hopes  I  have.     Don't  wifh  one  more : 
Rather  proclaim  it  (Weftmorland)  through  my  hoft, 
That  he,  which  hath  no  ftomach  to  this  fight, 
Let  him  depart ;  his  pafsport  fhall  be  made, 
And  crowns  for  convoy  put  into  his  purfe : 
We  would  not  die  in  that  man's  company, 
That  fears  his  fellowship  to  die  with  us. 
This  day  is  call'd  the  feaft  of  Crifpian: 
He  that  out-lives  this  day,   and  comes  fafe  home, 
Will  (land  a  tip-toe  when  this  day,  is  nam'd, 
And  rouze  him  at  the  name  of  Crifpian  : 
He  that  fhall  live  this  day,  and  fee  old  age, 
Will  yearly  on  the  vigil  feaft  his  neighbours, 
And  fay,  to  morrow  is  Saint  Crifpian  : 

Then 


King  Henry  V.  7? 

Then  will  he  ftrip  his  fleeve,  and  fhew  his  fears : 

Old  men  forget ;  yet  fhall  not  all  forget, 

But  they'll  remember,  with  advantages, 

What  feats  they  did  that  day.     Then  fhall  our  names, 

Familiar  in  their  mouth  as  houfhold  words, 

Harry  the  King,  Bedford,  and  Exeter, 

Warwick  and  Talbot,  Salisbury  and  Glo*fter, 

Be  in  their  flowing  cups  frefhly  remember'd. 

This  ftory  fhall  the  good  man  teach  his  fon  : 

And  Crifpin  Crifpian  fhall  ne'er  go  by, 

From  this  day  to  the  ending  of  the  world, 

But  we  in  it  fhall  be  remembered  ; 

We  few,   we  happy  few,  we  band  of  brothers : 

For  he,  to  day  that  fheds  his  blood  with  me, 

Shall  be  my  brother ;    be  he  ne'er  fo  vile,  ** 

This  day  fhall  gentle  his  condition. 

And  gentlemen  in  England,  now  a-bed, 

Shall  think  themfelves  accurs'd,  they  were  not  here  ; 

And  hold  their  manhoods  cheap,  while  any  fpeaks, 

That  fought  with  us  upon  St.  Crifpian*  s  day. 

Enter  Salisbury. 

Sal.  My  fov' reign  lord,  beftow  your  felf  with  fpeed: 
The  French  are  bravely  in  their  battels  fet, 
And  will  with  all  expedience  charge  on  us. 

K.  Henry.  All  things  are  ready,  if  our  minds  be  fo. 

Weft.  Perifh  the  man,  whofe  mind  is  backward  now  ! 

K.  Henry.  Thou  doft  not  wifh  more  help  from  England,   • 
coufin  ?    i 

Weft.  God's  will,  my  Liege,   would  you  and  I  alone 
Without  more  help  could  fight  this  royal  battle ! 

K.  Henry.  Why,  now  thou  haft  unwim'd*five  thou-   (  L 
fand  men  : 
Which  likes  me  better  than  to  wifh  us  one. 
You  know  your  places :  God  be  with  you  all ! 

A  Tucket  founds.     Enter  Mountjoy. 

Mount.  Once   more  I  come   to  know  of  thee,  King 
If  for  thy  ranfom  thou  wilt  now  compound,  [Harry, 

Before  thy  moft  affured  over- throw  : 

2  For, 


?6  King  Henry  V. 

For,  certainly,  thou  art  fo  near  the  gulf, 

Thou  needs  mud  be  englutted.     Thus,  in  mercy, 

The  Conftable  defires  thee,  thou  wilt  mind 

Thy  followers  of  repentance  ;  that  their  fouls 

May  make  a  peaceful  and  a  fweet  retire 

From  off  thefe  fields  ;  where,  wretches,  their  poor  bodies 

Mud  lye  and  fefter. 

K.  Henry.  Who  hath  fent  thee  now  ? 
Mount.  The  Conftable  of  France, 
K.  Henry.  I  pray  thee,  bear  my  former  anfwer  back. 
Bid  them  atchieve  me,  and  then  fell  my  bones. 
Good  God  !    why  fhould  they   mock  poor  fellows  thus  ? 
The  man,  that  once  did  fell  the  Lion's  skin 
While  the  beaft  liv'd,  was  kill'd  with  hunting  him. 
And  many  of  our  bodies  (hall,  no  doubt, 
Find  native  graves  •,  upon  the  which,  I  truft, 
Shall  witnefs  live  in  brafs  of  this  day's  work. 
And  thofe  that  leave  their  valiant  bones  in  France, 
Dying  like  men,  tho'  buried  in  your  dunghils, 
They  mall  be  fam'd  ;   for  there  the  fun  fhall  greet  them, 
.  And  draw  their  honours  reeking  up  to  heav'n  ; 
Leaving  their  earthly  parts  to  choak  your  clime,  v 

The  fmell  whereof  fhall  breed  a  plague  in  France. 
Mark  then  a  bounding  valour  in  our  Englijb  :  ($5) 
That  being  dead,  like  to  the  bullets  grafing, 
Breaks  out  into  a  fecond  courfe  of  mifchief, 
Killing  in  relapfe  of  mortality. 
Let  me  fpeak  proudly  ;  tell  the  Conftable, 
We  are  but  warriors  for  the  working  day  ; 
Our  gaynefs,  and  our  gilt,  are  all  be-fmirch'd 
With  rainy  marching  in  the  painful  field. 
There's  not  a  piece  of  feather  in  our  hoft  ; 

(35)  Mark  then  abounding  Valour  in  our  Englifh :]  Thus  the  Old  Folio's. 
The  4to's,  more  erroneoufly  ftill, 

Mark  then  aboundant  ■ 

Mr.  Tope  degraded  the  Paffage  in  both  his  Editions,  becaufe,  I  prefume,  he 
did  not  underftand  it.  I  corrected  it  fometime  ago  in  Print,  as  I  have  now 
reform'd  the  Text,  and  the  Allufion  is  exceedingly  beautifull ;  com- 
paring the  Revival  of  the  Englijb  Valour  to  the  rebounding  of  a  Cannon- 
ball. 

1  Good 


King  Henry  V.  f7 

(Gopd  argument,  I  hope,  we  will  not  fly  :) 

And  time  hath  worn  us  into  flovenry. 

But,  by  the  mafs,  our  hearts  are  in  the  trim  : 

And  my  poor  foldiers  tell  me,  yet  ere  night 

They'll  be  in  frefher  robes  ;  "or  they  will  pluck  r-  f° 

The  gay  new  coats  o'er  the  French  foldiers  heads  ; 

And  turn  them  out  of  fervice.     If  they  do, 

(As,  if  God  pleafe,  they  fhall)  my  ranfom  then 

Will  foon  be  levy'd.     Herald,  fave  thy  labour. 

Come  thou  no  more  for  ranfom,  gentle  herald  ; 

They  fhall  have  none,  I  fwear,  but  thefe  my  joints : 

Which  if  they  have  as  I  will  leave  'em  them, 

Shall  yield  them  little,  tell  the  Conftable. 

Mount.  I  fhall,  King  Harry :  and  fo  fare  thee  well. 
Thou  never  fhalt  hear  herald  any  more.  [Exit. 

K.  Henry.  I  fear,  thou'k   once   more   come  again  for 
Ranfom. 

Enter  York. 

York.  My  lord,  moft  humbly  on  my  knee  I  beg 
The  leading  of  the  vaward.  [away. 

K.  Henry.  Take  it,  brave  York  ;   now,  foldiers,  march 
And  how  thou  pleafeft,  God,  difpofe  the  day  !     [Exeunt. 

SCENE,  the  Field  of  Battle. 

■ 
Alarm,  Excurjions.     Enter  Piftol,  French  foldier,  and  boy. 

Fiji.  Xn ELD,  cur. 

JL      Fr.  Sol.  Je  fenfey  que  vous  ejles  le  gentlehomme 
de  bonne  qualitL 
Fiji.  Quality,  calmy,  *  culture  me,    art  thou  a  gentle-  tto 
in  ?  what  is  thy  name  ?  difcufs.  4 

Fr.  Sol.  O  Seignieur  Dieu! 

Fiji."  O,  Signieur  Dewe  mould  be  a  gentleman  : 
Perpend  my  words,  O  Signieur  Dewe,  and  mark  j 
O  Signieur  Dewe,  thou  dieft  on  point  of  fox, 
Except,  O  Signeur,  thou  do  give  to  me 
Egregious  ranfom. 

Fr,  Sol.  0,  prennez  mifericorde9  ayez  pitie  de  moy. 

Fiji. 


man 


78  King  Henry  V. 

Pift.  Moy  mall  not  ferve,  I  will  have  forty  moys  ;  for 
I  will  fetch  thy  rym  out  at  thy  throat,  in  drops  of  crim- 
fon  blood. 

Fr.  Sol.  Eft-il  impoffible  d9  efchapper  la  force  de  ton  bras  ? 

^  Pift.  Brafs,   cur  ?  [brafs  ? 

Thou  damned  and  luxurious  mountain  Goat,  offer'ft  me 

Fr.  Sol.  O  pardonnez  moy. 

Pift.  Say'ft  thou  me  fo  ?  is  that  a  ton  of  moys  ? 
Come  hither,  Boy  ;  ask  me  this  (lave  in  French, 
What  is  his  name  ? 

Boy.  Efcoutez,  comment  eftes  vousappelle? 

Fr.  Sol.  Monfeeur  le  Fer. 

Boy.  He  fays,  his  name  is  Mr.  Fer. 

Pift.  Mr.  Per!  I'll  fer  him,  and  ferk  him,  and  ferret 
him  :  difcufs  the  fame  in  French  unto  him.  [ferk. 

Boy.  I  do  not  know  the  French  for  fer,  and  ferret,  and 

Pift.  Bid  him  prepare,  for  I  will  cut  his  throat. 

Fr.  Sol.  Que  dit-il,  Monfieur  ? 

Boy.  II  me  commande  de  vous  dire  que  vous  vous  teniez 
preft  \  car  ce  foldat  icy  eft  difpoft  tout  a  cette  heure  de  couper 
v  oft  re  gorge. 

Pift.  Owy,  cuppelle  gorge,  parmafoy,  pefant,  unlefs 
thou  give  me  crowns,  brave  crowns  :  or  mangled  male 
thou  be  by  this  my  fword. 

Fr.  Sol.  O,  je  vous  fupplie  pour  V  amour  de  Dieu,  me  par - 
donner  ;  je  fuis  gentilhomme  de  bonne  maifon,  gardez  ma  vie, 
&  je  vous  donner  ay  deux  cents  efcus. 

Pift.  What  are  his  words  ? 

Boy.  He  prays  you  to  fave  his  life,  he  is  a  gentleman 
of  a  good  houfe,  and  for  his  ranfom  he  will  give  you  two 
hundred  crowns. 

Pift.  Tell  him,  my  fury  fliall  abate,  and  I  the  crowns 
will  take. 

Fr.  Sol.  Petit  Monfieur,  que  dit-il  ? 

Boy.  Encore  qu9il  eft  conire  fon  juremenl,  de  par  donner 
aucun  prifonnier  :  neantmoins  pour  les  efcus  que  vous  l9avez 
promettes,  il  eft  content  de  vous  donner  la  liberte,  le  fran- 
chifement. 

Fr.  Sol.  Sur  mes  genoux  je  vous  donne  milles  remerciemens9 
&  je  me  eftime  heureux  que  je  fuis  tombi  entre  les  mains  d9un 

Chevalier% 


King  Henry  V.  79 

Chevalier,  je  fenfe^    le  plus  brave,  valiant,    &  Ires  efiijni 
Signeur  a"  Angleterre. 

Pift.  Expound  unto  me,  boy. 

Boy.  He  gives  you  upon  his  knees  a  thoufand  thanks, 
and  elleems  himfelf  happy,  that  he  hath  fall'n  into  the 
hands  of  one,  as  he  thinks,  the  moil  brave,  valorous, 
and  thrice-worthy  Signieur  or  England. 

Pift.  As  I  fuck  blood,  I  will  fome  mercy  fhew. 
Follow  me,  cur. 

Boy.  Suivez  le  grand  capiiain.  [Ex.  Pift.  and  Fr.  Sol. 
I  did  never  know  fo  full  a  voice  ifTue  from  fo  empty  a 
heart  -,  (36)  but  the  faying  is  true,  The  empty  veffel  makes 
the  greateft  found.  Bardolph  and  Nim  had  ten  times 
more  valour  than  this  roaring  devil  i'th'  old  play ;  every 
one  may  pare  his  nails  with  a  wooden  dagger  :  yet  they 
are  both  hang'd  ;  and  fo  would  this  be,  if  he  durft  fteal 
any  thing  advent'roufly.  I  mud  (lay  with  the  lacqueys, 
with  the  luggage  of  our  camp  •,  the  French  might  have  a 
good  prey  of  us,  if  he  knew  of  it  j  for  there  is  none  to 
guard  it  but  boys.  [Exit, 

SCENE,  Another  part  of  the  Field  of  Battle. 

Enter  Conftable,  Orleans,  Bourbon,  Dauphin  and  Ram-* 

bures. 

Con.  /^\  Diable  ! 

V^/     Orl.  O  Signeur !  le  jour  eft  perdu,  tout  eft  perdu. 

Dau.  Mort  de  ma  vie  I  all  is  confounded,  all ! 
Reproach  and  everlafting  fhame 

Sits  mocking  in  our  plumes.  [AJhort  alarm. 

O  mefch ante  fortune  \ — - — do  not  r-un  away. 

Con.  Why,  all  our  ranks  are  broke. 

(36)  I  did  never  knonvfo  wofull  a  Voice  ijfuefromfo  empty  a  Heart  j]  This 
corrupted  Reading,  which  both  Mr.  Roive  and  Mr.  Pope  have  efpoufed, 
took  its  Rife  from  a  Blunder  of  the  2d  Edition  in  Folio.  But  why,  woofull? 
Piflol  was  all  Bounce  and  Noife.  Befides,  where's  the  An  tit  be/is  ?  We 
muft  certainly  read  with  the  firft  Folio, — I  did  never  know  fa  full  a  Voice 
--  But  then  the  arch  Boy  immediately  corrects  himfelf  from  the  old  Say- 
ing, The  empty  Vejfd  makes  the  greateft  Sound, 

Bait. 


80  King  Henry  V. 

Dan.  O  perdurable  fhame  !  let's  ftab  our  felves : 
Be  thefe  the  wretches,  that  we  play'd  at  dice  for  ? 

Or  I.  Is  this  the  King  we  fent  to  for  his  ranfom  ? 

Bour.   Shame,     and     eternal    fhame,     nothing     but 
fhame  ! 
Let  us  dye,  inftant: — Once  more  back  again  ;  (37) 
The  man,  that  will  not  follow  Bourbon  now, 
Let  him  go  hence,  and  with  his  cap  in  hand 
Like  a  bafe  pander  hold  the  chamber-door, 
<Whilft  by  a  (lave,  no  gentler  than  my  dog, 
His  faireft  daughter  is  contaminated. 

Con.  Diforder,  that  hath  fpoil'd  us,  friend  us  now  ! 
Let  us  on  heaps  go  offer  up  our  lives. 

Orl.  We  are  enow,  yet  living  in  the  field, 
To  fmother  up  the  Englijh  in  our  throngs  ; 
If  any  order  might  be  thought  upon. 

Bour.  The  devil  take  order  now  !    I'll  to  the  throng ; 
Let  life  be  fhort,  elfe  fhame  will  be  too  long.      [Exeunt. 

Alarum.     Enter  the  King  and  his  train,  with  prifoners. 

K.  Henry.  Well  have  we  done,  thrice  valiant  country- 
men ; 
But  all's  not  done  ;    the  French  yet  keep  the  field. 

Exe.  The  Duke  of  York  commends    him    to   your 
Majefly. 

K.  Henry.  Lives  he,  good  uncle  ?  thrice  within  this 
I  faw  him  down  -,  thrice  up  again,  and  fighting :  [hour 
From  helmet  to  the  fpur  all  bleeding  o'er. 

Exe.   In  which  array,  brave  foldier,  doth  he  lye, 
Larding  the  plain  ;  and  by  his  bloody  fide 
(Yoak-fellow  to  his  honour-owing  wounds) 
The  noble  Earl  of  Suffolk  alfo  lyes. 
Suffolk  firft  dy'd,  and  York,  all  haggled  over, 
Comes  to  him  where  in  gore  he  lay  infleep'd, 

(37)  Let  us  dye,  inftant  :  Once  more  back  again  ;~\  This  Verfe,  which 
is  quite  left  out  in  Mr.  Pope's  Editions,  Hands  imperfect  in  the  firfl  Folio. 
By  the  Addition  of  a  Syllable,  I  think,  I  have  retrieved  the  Poet's  Senfe. 
It  is  thus  in  the  Old  Copy  ; 

Let  us  dye  in  once  Tnore  back  again. 

And 


<c 
cc 

it 


King  Henry  V.  81 

And  takes  him  by  the  beard  •,  kuTes  the  galhes, 

That  bloodily  did  yawn  upon  his  face, 

And  cries  aloud,  "  tarry,  my  coufin  Suffolk, 
My  foul  (hall  thine  keep  company  to  heav'n  : 
Tarry,  fweet  foul,  for  mine,  then  fly  a-breafl : 
As  in  this  glorious  and  well-foughten  field 
We  kept  together  in  our  chivalry. 

Upon  thefe  words  I  came,  and  cheer'd  him  up  j 

He  fmil'd  me  in  the  face,  gave  me  his  hand,. 

And  with  a  feeble  gripe,  fays,  "  dear  my  lord, 

"  Commend  my  fervice  to  my  Soveraign  •, 

So  did  he  turn,  and  over  Suffolk's  neck 

He  threw  his  wounded  arm,  and  kift  his  lips  ; 

And  fo  efpous'd  to  death,  with  blood  he  feaPd 

A  teftament  of  noble-ending  love. 

The  pretty  and  fweet  manner  of  it  forc'd 

Thofe  waters  from  me,  which  I  would  have  ftop'd  * 

But  I  had  not  fo  much  of  man  in  me, 

But  all  my  mother  came  into  mine  eyes, 

And  gave  me  up  to  tears. 
K.  Henry.  I  blame  you  not ; 

For,  hearing  this,  I  mud  perforce  compound  (3S) 

With  miftful  eyes,  or  they  will  ifTue  too.  [Alarum. 

But,    hark,  what  new  alarum  is  this  fame? 

The  Frtnch  have  re-infcrc'd  their  fcatter'd  men  : 

Then  every  foldier  kill  his  prifoners. 

Give  the  word  through.  [Exeunt. 

Alarms  continued  \  after  which,  Enter  Fluellen  and  Gower. 

Flu.  Kill  the  poyes  and  the  luggage  !  'tis  exprefly  a- 
gainft  the  law  of  arms  ;  (39)  'tis  as  arraunt  a  piece  of 
Knavery,  mark  you  now,  as  can  be  defir'd  in  your  con- 
fcience  now,  is  it  not  ? 

Vol.  IV.  F  Gow. 

(38)  Fo?-,  bearing  this ,  1 mufl  perforce  compound 

With  mixtfull  Eyes,]  What  Monfter  of  a  Word  is  this  mixtfull?  The 
Poet  certainly  wrote,  miftfull :  i.e.  ju  ft  ready  to  over-run  with  Tears. 
The  Word  he  took  from  his  Obfervation  of  Nature :  for  juft  before 
Tears  burft  out,  it  appears  as  if  there  was  a  Mift  before  our  Eyes. 

Mr.  Warburton. 

(39)  Kill  the  Poyes  and  the  luggage!  'tis  exprefsly  again/}  the  Law  of 
Arms  j]    In  the  Old  Folio's,  the  4th  Aft  is  made  to  begin  here.     But  as 

tie 


82  King  Henry  V. 

Gow.  'Tis  certain,  there's  not  a  boy  left  alive •,  and  the 
cowardly  rafcals,  that  ran  away  from  the  battle,  ha*  done 
this  (laughter :  befides,  they  have  burn'd  or  carried  away 
all  that  was  in  the  King's  rent  •,  wherefore  the  King  moft 
worthily  hath  caus'd  ev'ry  foldier  to  cut  his  prifoner's 
throat.     O  'tis  a  gallant  King  ! 

Flu.  I,  he  was  porn  at  Monmouth,  captain  Gower  \ 
what  call  you  the  town's  name,  where  Alexander  the 
pig,  was  born  ? 

Gow.   Alexander  the  great. 

Flu.  Why,  I  pray  you,  is  not  pig,  great  ?  the  pig,  or 
the  great,  or  the  mighty,  or  the  huge,  or  the  magnani- 
mous, are  all  one  reckonings,  fave  the  phrafe  is  a  little 
variations. 

the  Matter  of  the  Chorus,  which  is  to  come  betwixt  the  4th  and  5th  A&s, 
will  by  no  means  fort  with  the  Scenary  that  here  follows  ;  I  have  chofe 
to  fall  in  with  the  other  Regulation.  Mr.  Pope  gives  a  Reafon,  why 
this  Scene  mould  be  connective  to  the  preceding  Scene  ;  but  his  Reafon, 
according  to  Cuilom,  is  a  miftaken  one.  %<?  Words  of  Fluellen,  (he 
fays,)  immediately  follow  thofe  of  the  King  juji  before.  The  King's  laft 
Words,  at  his  going  off,  were  ; 

Then  e<vry  Soldier  kill  bis  Prifoners  : 

Give  the  Word  through. 
Now  Mr.  Pope  mull  very  accurately  fuppofe,  that  Fluellen  overhears  this : 
and  that  by  replying,  Kill  the  Poyes  and  the  Luggage  !  *tis  exprefsly  againji 
the  Law  of  Arms  ; — he  is  condemning  the  King's  Order,  as  againft  mar- 
tial Difcipline.  But  this  is  a  moft  abfurd  Suppofition.  Fluellen  neither 
overhears,  nor  replys  to,  what  the  King  had  faid  :  nor  has  kill  the  Poyes 
and  the  Luggage  any  reference  to  the  Soldiers  killing  their  Prifoners. 
Nay,  on  the  contrary  (as  there  is  no  Interval  of  an  Aff  here,)  there 
mull  be  fome  little  Paufe  betwixt  the  King's  going  off,  and  Flue  lien's 
Entring  :  (and  therefore  I  have  faid,  Alarms  continued ;)  for  we  find  by 
Gvwers  firit  Speech,  that  the  Soldiers  had  already  cut  their  Prifoners 
Throats,  which  requir'd  fome  Time  to  do.  The  Matter  is  this.  The 
Baggage,  during  the  Battle,  (as  K.  Henry  had  no  Men  to  fpare,)  was 
guarded  only  by  Boys  and  Lacqueys  ;  which  fome  French  Run-aways  get- 
ting Notice  of,  they  came  down  upon  the  E?igUJh  Camp-boys,  whom 
they  kili'd,  and  plunder'd  and  burn'd  the  Baggage  :  in  Refentment  of 
which  Villany  it  was,  that  the  King,  contrary  to  his  wonted  Lenity,  or- 
der'd  all  Prifoners  Throats  to  be  cut.  And  to  this  Villany  of  the  French 
Runaways  Fluellen  is  alluding,  when  Jie  fays,  Kill  the  Poyes  and  the  Lug- 
gage. The  Fact  is  fet  out,  (as  Mr.  Pope  might  have  obferved)  both  by 
Hall  and  Holling/head. 

Gow. 


King  Henry  V.  83 

Gow.  I  think,  Al wander  the  great  was  born  in  Mace- 
don  ;  his  father  was  called  Philip  of  Macedon,  as  I  take  it. 
FJu.  I  think,  it  is  in  Mace  don  where  Alexander  is  porn  : 
I  tell  you,  captain,  if  you  look  in  the  maps  of  the  orld : 
I  warrant,  that  you  fall  find,  in  the  comparifons  between 
Macedon  and  Monmouth,  that  the  fituafions,  look  you, 
is  both  alike.  There  is  a  river  in  Macedon,  there  is  alfo 
moreover  a  river  at  Monmouth  :  it  is  call'd  Wye  at  Mon- 
mouth, but  it  is  out  of  my  prains,  what  is  the  name  of 
the  other  river  \  but  it  is  all  one,  'tis  as  like  as  my  fingers 
to  my  fingers,  and  there  is  Salmons  in  both.  If  you 
mark  Alexander >s  life  well,  Harry  of  Monmouth's  life  is 
come  after  it  indifferent  well  ;  for  there  is  figures  in  all 
things.  Alexander,  God  knows  and  you  know,  in  his 
rages,  and  his  furies,  and  his  wraths,  and  his  cholers, 
and  his  moods,  and  his  difpleafures,  and  his  indignations  5 
and  alfo  being  a  little  intoxicates  in  his  prains,  did  in 
his  ales  and  his  angers,  look  you,  kill  his  beft  friend 
Clytus. 

Gow.  Our  King  is  not  like  him  in  that,  he  never  kill'd 
any  of  his  friends. 

Flu.  It  is  not  well  done,  mark  you  now,  to  take  the 
tales  out  of  my  mouth,  ere  it  is  made  and  finifh'd.  I 
fpeak  but  in  figures,  and  comparifons  of  it  ;  as  Alex- 
ander kill'd  his  friend  Clytus,  being  in  his  ales  and  his 
cups  ;  fo  alfo  Harry  Monmouth,  being  in  his  right  wits 
and  his  good  judgments,  turn'd  away  the  fat  Knight  with 
the  great  belly-doublet;  he  was  full  of  jefts  and  gypes, 
and  knaveries,  and  mocks  :  I  have  forgot  his  name. 

Gow.  Sir  John  Falftaff. 

Flu.  That  is  he  :  I  tell  you,  there  is  good  men  porn  at 
Monmouth. 

Gow.  Here  comes  his  Majefty. 

Alarum.     Enter  King  Henry,   with  Bourbon  and  other 
prifoners ;  Lords  and  Attendants.     Flourijh. 

K.  Henry.  I  was  not  angry  fince  I  came  to  France^ 
Until  this  inftant.     Take  a  trumpet,  herald, 
Ride  thou  unto  the  horfemen  on  yon  hill : 
If  they  will  fight  with  us,  bid  them  come  down, 

F  2  Or 


84  King  Henry  V. 

Or  void  the  field  ;  they  do  offend  our  fight* 
If  they'll  do  neither,  we  will  come  to  them  ; 
And  make  them  sker  away,  as  fwifc  as  Stones 
Enforced  from  the  old  Ajjyrian  flings  : 
Befides,  we'll  cut  the  throats  of  thofe  we  have ; 
And  not  a  man  of  them,  that  we  fhall  take, 
Shall  tafte  our  mercy.     Go,  and  tell  them  fo. 

Enter  Mountjoy. 

Exe.  Here  comes  the  herald  of  the  French^  my  Liege, 

Glou.  His  eyes  are  humbler  than  they  us'd  to  be. 

K.  Henry.  How  now,  what  means  their  herald  ?  know'ft 
thou  not, 
That  I  have  fin'd  thefe  bones  of  mine  for  ranfom  ? 
Com'ft  thou  again  for  ranfom  ? 

Mount.  No,  great  King  : 
I  come  to  thee  for  charitable  licence 
That  we  may  wander  o'er  this  bloody  field, 
To  book  our  dead,  and  then  to  bury  them  : 
To  fort  our  riobles  from  our  common  men  ; 
For  many  of  our  Princes  (woe,  the  while  !)  | 
Lye  drown'd,  and  foak'd  in  mercenary  blood  : 
So  do  our  vulgar  drench  their  peafant  limbs 
In  blood  of  Princes,  while  their  wounded  deeds 
Fret  fet-lock  deep  in  gore,  and  with  wild  rage 
Yerk  out  their  armed  heels  at  their  dead  mailers, 
Killing  them  twice.     O,  give  us  leave,  great  King, 
To  view  the  field  in  fafety,  and  difpofe 
Of  their  dead  bodies. 

K.  Henry.  I  tell  thee  truly,  herald, 
I  know  not,  if  the  day  be  ours  or  no ; 
For  yet  a  many  of  your  horfemen  peer,  ' 

And  gallop  o'er  the  field. 

Mount.  The  day  is  yours. 

K.  Henry.  Praifed  be  God,  and  not  our  ftrength,  for  it ! 
What  is  this  caftle  call'd,  that  Hands  hard  by  ? 

Mount.  They  call  it  Agincourt. 

K.  Henry.  Then  call  we  this  the  field  of  Agincourt , 
Fought  on  the  day  oiCri/pin  Crifpianus. 

Flu. 


King  Henry  V.  85 

Flu.  Your  grandfather  of  famous  memory,  an't  pleafe 
your  Majefty,    and  your  great  uncle  Edward  the  plack 
Prince  of  (Vales ,  as  I  have  read  in  the  chronicles,  fought 
a  mod  prave  pattle  here  in  France. 
K.  Henry.  They  did,  Fluellen. 

Flu.  Your  Majefty  fays  very  true  :  if  your  Majefties 
is  remember'd  of  it,  the  Weljhmen  did  good  fervice  in 
a  garden  where  Leeks  did  grow,  wearing  Leeks  in  their 
Monmouth  caps,  which  your  Majefty  knows  to  this  hour 
is  an  honourable  padge  of  the  fervice  ;  and  I  do  believe, 
your  Majefty  takes  no  fcorn  to  wear  the  Leek  upon  St. 
Tavee's  day. 

K.  Henry.  I  wear  it  for  a  memorable  honour  : 
For  I  am  Weljh^  you  know,  good  countryman. 

Flu.  All  the  water  in  Wye  cannot  warn  your  Majefty's 
Weljh  plood  out  of  your  pody,  I  can  tell  you  that :  God 
plefs  and  preferve  it,  as  long  as  it  pleafes  his  grace  and  his 
majefty  too. 
K.  Henry.  Thanks,  good  my  countryman. 
Flu.  By  Jefhu,    I  am  your  Majefty's  countryman,  I 
care  not  who  know  it  :   I  will  confefs  it  to  all  the  orld  ; 
I  need  not  to   be  afhamed  of  your  Majefty,   praifed  be 
God,  fo  long  as  your  Majefty  is  an  honeft  man. 
K.  Henry.  God  keep  me  fo ! 

Enter  Williams. 

Our  heralds  go  with  him  : 

[Exeunt  Heralds^  with  Mountjoy. 
Bring  me  juft  notice  of  the  numbers  dead 
On  both  our  parts. — Call  yonder  fellow  hither. 

Exe.  Soldier,  you  muft  come  to  the  King. 

K.  Henry.  Soldier,    why   wear'ft  thou  that   glove   in 
thy  cap  ? 

Wil.  And't  pleafe  your  Majefty,  'tis  the  gage  of  one 
that  I  fhould  fight  withal,  if  he  be  alive. 

K,  Henry.  An  Englijhman  -? 

Wil.  An't  pleafe  your  Majefty,  a  rafcal  that  fwag- 
ger'd  with  me  laft  night ;  who,  if  alive,  and  if  ever  he 
dare  to  challenge  this  glove,  I  have  fworn  to  take  him  a 
box  o'th'  ear  ;  or  if  I  can  fee  my  glove  in  his  cap,  which 

F  3  he 


86  King  Henry  V. 

he  fwore  as  he  was  a  foldier  he  would  wear,  (if  alive)  I 
will  ftrike  it  out  foundly. 

K.  Henry.  What  think  you,    captain  Fluellen,   is  it  fit 
this  foldier  keep  his  oath  ? 

Flu j  He  is  a  craven  and  a  villain  elfe,  an't  pleafe  your 
Majefty,  in  my  confcience. 

K.  Henry.  It  may  be,  his  enemy  is  a  gentleman  of 
great  fort,  quite  from  the  anf^er  of  his  degree. 

Flu.  Though  he  be  as  good  a  gentleman  as  the  devil 
is,  as  Lucifer  and  Belzebub  himfelf,  it  is  neceffary,  look 
your  Grace,  that  he  keep  his  vow  and  his  oath  :  if 
he  be  perjur'd,  fee  you  now,  his  reputation  is  as  ar- 
rant a  villain  and  a  jackfawce,  as  ever  his  black  fhoe 
trod  upon  God's  ground  and  his  earth,  in  my  confcience 
law. 

K.  Henry.  Then  keep  thy  vow,  firrah,  when  thou 
meet' ft  the  fellow. 

Wil.  So  I  will,  my  Liege,  as  I  live. 

K.  Henry.  Who  ferv'ft  thou  under  ? 

Wil.  Under  captain  Gower^   my  Liege. 

Flu.  Gower  is  a  good  captain,  and  is  good  knowledge 
and  literature  in  the  wars. 

K.  Henry.  Call  him  hither  to  me,  foldier. 

Wil.  I  will,   my  Liege.  [Exit. 

K.  Henry,  Here,  Fluellen,  wear  thou  this  favour  for 
me,  and  flick  it  in  thy  cap  *,  when  Alanfon  and  my  felf 
were  down  together,  I  pluck'd  this  glove  from  his  helm  ; 
if  any  man  challenge  this,  he  is  a  friend  to  Alanfon  and 
an  enemy  to  our  perfon  ;  if  thou  encounter  any  fuch,  ap- 
prehend him  if  thou  dofl  love  me. 

Flu.  Your  Grace  does  me  as  great  honours  as  can  be 
defir'd  in  the  hearts  of  his  fubjects :  I  would  fain  fee  the 
man,  that  has  but  two  legs,  that  fhall  find  himfelf  agriev'd 
at  this  glove  ;  that  is  all  :  but  I  would  fain  fee  it  once, 
an  pleafe  God  of  his  grace  that  I  might  fee. 

K.  Henry.  Know'fl  thou  Gewer  ? 

Flu.  He  is  my  dear  friend,  an  pleafe  you. 

K.  Henry.  Pray  thee,  go  feek  him,  and  bring  him  to 
my  tent. 
.  Flu.  I  will  fetch  him.  [Exit. 

K.  Henry. 


King  Henry  V.  87 

K.  Henry.  My   lord    of   Warwick    and    my    brother 
Glo'Jler, 
Follow  Fluellen  clofely  at  the  heels : 
The  glove,  which  I  have  given  him  for  a  favour, 
May,  haply,  purchafe  him  a  box  o'th'  ear. 
It  is  the  foldier's  ;  I  by  bargain  fhould 
Wear  it  my  felf.     Follow,  good  coufin  Warwick : 
If  that  the  foldier  ftrike  him,  as,  I  judge 
By  his  blunt  bearing,  he  will  keep  his  word  5 
Some  fudden  mifchief  may  arife  of  it  : 
For  I  do  know  Fluellen  valiant, 
And,  touch'd  with  choler,  hot  as  gun-powder  ; 
And  quickly  he'll  return  an  injury. 
Follow  -,  and  fee,   there  be  no  harm  between  them. 
Come  you  with  me,  uncle  of  Exeter.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE,   before  K.  Henry's  Pavilion. 

Enter  Gower  and  Williams. 
Wil.   T  warrant,  it  is  to  knight  you,  captain. 

Enter  Fluellen. 

Flu.  God's  will  and  his  pleafure,  captain,  I  befeech 
you  now  come  apace  to  the  King :  there  is  more  good 
toward  you,  peradventure,  than  is  in  your  knowledge  to 
dream  of. 

Wil.  Sir,  know  you  this  glove  ? 

Flu.  Know  the  glove  ?  I  know,  the  glove  is  a  glove. 

Wil.  I  know  this,  and  thus  I  challenge  it.      [Strikes  him. 

Flu.  'Sblud,  an  arrant  traitor  as  any's  in  the  univerfal 
world,  in  France  or  in  England. 

Gower.  How  now,  Sir  ?   you  villain ! 

Wil.  Do  you  think  I'll  be  forfworn  ? 
^  Flu.  Stand  away,    captain  Gower ',   I  will  give  treafon 
his  payment  into  plows,  I  warrant  you. 

Wil.  I  am  no  traitor. 

F  4  Flu. 


88  King  Henry  V.  , 

Flu.  That's  a  lie  in  thy  throat.  I  charge  you  in  his 
Majefty's  name  apprehend  him,  he's  a  friend  of  the 
Duke  of  Alan/on9  s. 

Enter  Warwick  and  Gloucefter. 

War.  How  now,  how  now,  what's  the  matter  ? 

Flu.  My  lord  of  Warwick^  here  is,  praifed  be  God 
for  it,  a  mod  contagious  treafon  come  to  light,  look 
you,  as  you  fhall  defire  in  a  fummer's  day.  Here  is  his 
Majefty 

Enter  King  Henry,  and  Exeter. 

K.  Henry.  Now  now,  what's  the  matter  ? 

Flu.  My  Liege,  here  is  a  villain  and  a  traitor,  that, 
look  your  Grace,  has  (truck  the  glove,  which  your  Ma- 
jefty is  take  out  of  the  helmet  of  Alanfon. 

Wil.  My  Liege,  this  was  my  glove,  here  js  the  fellow 
of  it ;  and  he,  that  I  gave  it  to  in  change,  promis'd  to 
wear  it  in  his  cap  ;  I  promis'd  to  ftrike  him,  if  he  did  •, 
I  met  this  man  with  my  glove  in  his  cap,  and  I  have  been 
as  good  as  my  word. 

Flu.  Your  Majefty  hear  now,  faving  your  Majefty's 
manhood,  what  an  arrant,  rafcally,  beggerly,  lowfie 
knave  it  is  »  I  hope,  your  Majefty  is  pear  me  testimonies, 
and  witneftes,  and  avouchments,  that  this  is  the  glove 
of  Alanfon  that  your  Majefty  is  give  me,  in  your  con- 
fcience  now. 

K.  Henry.  Give  me  thy  glove,  foldier  ;  look,  here  is 
the  fellow  of  it :  'twas  me,  indeed,  thou  promifed'ft  to 
ftrike,  and  thou  haft  given  me  moft  bitter  terms. 

Flu.  An  pleafe  your  Majefty,  let  his  neck  anfwer  for 
it,  if  there' is  any  martial  law  in  the  world. 

K.  Henry.  How  canft  thou  make  me  fatisfaction  ? 

Wil.  All  Offences,  my  lord,  come  from  the  heart  ; 
never  came  any  from  mine,  that  might  offend  your 
Majefty. 

K.  Henrx.  It  was  our  felf  thou  didft  abufe, 

Wil.  Your  Majefty  came  not  like  your  fclf;  you 
appear'd  to  me,  but  as  a  common  man  \  witnefs  the  night, 
your  garments,    your  lowjinefs  j    and  what  your  High- 

nefs 


King  Henry  V.  89 

nefs  fuffer'd  under  that  fhape,  I  befeech  you,  take  it  for 
your  fault  and  not  mine  ;  for  had  you  been  as  I  took  you 
for,  I  made  no  offence ;  therefore  I  befeech  your  High- 
nefs,   pardon  me. 

K.  Henry.  Here,    uncle   Exeter,    fill  this  glove   with 
crowns, 
And  give  it  to  this  fellow.     Keep  it,  fellow ; 
And  wear  it  for  an  honour  in  thy  cap, 
Till  I  do  challenge  it.     Give  him  the  crowns  : 
And,  captain,  you  muft  needs  be  friends  with  him. 

Flu.  By  this  day  and  this  light,  the  fellow  has  mettle 
enough  in  his  pelly  ;  hold,  there  is  twelve  pence  for  yon  ; 
and  I  pray  you  to  ferve  God,  and  keep  you  out  of 
prawls  and  prabbles,  and  quarrels  and  diffentions,  and, 
I  warrant  you,  it  is  the  better  for  you. 

JVil.  I  will  none  of  your  mony. 

Flu.  It  is  with  a  good  will  ;  "I  can  tell  you,  it  will 
ferve  you  to  mend  your  fhoes  ;  come,  wherefore  fhould 
you  be  fo  pafhful  ;  your  fhoes  is  not  fo  good ;  'tis 
a  good  filling,  I  warrant  you,  or  I  will  change  it. 

Enter  Herald. 

K.  Henry.  Now,  Herald,  are  the  dead  number'd  ? 

Her.  Here  is  the  number  of  the  flaughter'd  French. 

K.  Henry.  What   prifoners  of  good   fort    are  taken, 
uncle  ? 

Exe.  Charles  Duke  of  Orleans,,  nephew  to  the  King ; 
John  Duke  of  Bourbon,  and  lord  Bouchiquald  : 
Of  other  Lords,    and  Barons,   Knights,   and  'Squires, 
Full  fifteen  hundred,  befides  common  men.  [French 

K.Henry.  This  note    doth   tell    me  of  ten  thoufand 
Slain  in  the  field  ;    of  Princes  in  this  number, 
And  Nobles  bearing  banners,   there  lye  dead 
One  hundred  twenty  fix  •,  added  to  thefe, 
Of  Knights,  Efquires,    and  gallant  gentlemen, 
Eight  thoufand  and  four  hundred  -,   of  the  which, 
Five   hundred  were  but  yefterdav  dubb'd  Knights  ; 
So  that  in  thefe  ten  thoufand  they  have  loft, 
There  are  but  fixteen  hundred  mercenaries  : 
The  reft  are  Princes,  Barons,  Lords,  Knights,  'Squires, 

And 


po  King  Henry  V. 

And  gentlemen  of  blood  and  quality. 

The  names  of  thofe  their  nobles,  that  lye  dead,    - 

Charles  Delabreth,  high  conftable  of  France ; 

Jaques  of  Chatilion,  admiral  of  France  ; 

The  matter  of  the  crofs-bows,  lord  Rambures  ; 

Great  mafter  of  France,  the  brave  Sir  Guichard  Dauphin ; 

John  Duke  of  Alanfon,  Anthony  Duke  of  Brabant 

The  brother  to  the  Duke  of  Burgundy, 

And  Edward  Duke  of  Bar :  Of  lufty  Earls, 

Grandpree  and  RouJJie,  Faulconbridge  and  Foyes, 

Beaumont  and  Marie,  Vaudemont  and  Leftrale. 

Here  was  a  royal  fellowfhip  of  death  ! 

Where  is  the  number  of  our  Englijh  dead  ? 

Exe.  Edward  the  Duke  of  Tori,  the  Earl  of  Suffolk,. 
Sir  Richard  Ketley,  Davy  Gam  Efquire  ; 
None  elfe  of  name  ;  and  of  all  other  men, 
But  five  and  twenty. 

K.  Henry.  O  God,  thy  arm  was  here  ! 
And  not  to  us,  but  to  thy  arm  alone, 
Afcribe  we  all.     When,  without  ftratagem, 
But  in  plain  fhock  and  ev'n  play  of  battel, 
Was  ever  known  fo  great,  and  little  lofs, 
On  one  part,  and  on  th'  other  ?  take  it,  God, 
For  it  is  only  thine. 

Exe.  'Tis  wonderful  ! 

K.  Henry.  Come,  go  we  in  procefllon  to  the  village  : 
And  be  it  death  proclaimed  through  our  hoft, 
To  boaft  of  this,  or  take  that  praife  from  God, 
Which  is  his  only. 

Flu.  Is  it  not  lawful,    an  pleafe  your  Majefty,  to  tell 
how  many  is  kill'd  ?  [ment, 

K.  Henry.  Yes,    captain  ;    but  with  this  acknowledg- 
That  God  fought  for  us. 

Flu.  Yes,  my  confcience,  he  did  us  great  good. 

K.  Henry.  Do  we  all  holy  rites  -, 
Let  there  be  fung  Non  nobis,  and  Te  deum : 
The  dead  with  charity  enclos'd  in  clay  ; 
And  then  to  Calais  •,  and  to  England  then  ; 
.  Where  ne'er  from  France  arriv'd  more  happy  men. 

[Exeunt. 
Enter 


King  Henry  V.  ?* 

Enter  Chorus. 

Vouchfafe,  to  thofe  thai;  have  not  read  the  ftory, 

ThaC  I  may  prompt  them  *,  and  to  fuch  as  have, 

I  humbly  pray  them  to  admit  th'  excufe 

Of  time,  of  numbers,  and  due  courfe  of  things  ; 

Which  cannot  in  their  huge  and  proper  life 

Be  here  prefented.     Now  we  bear  the  King 

Tow'rd  Calais :  grant  him  there  ;  and  there  being  feen, 

Heave  him  away  upon  your  winged  thoughts 

Athwart  the  fea :  behold,  the  Engli/h  beach 

Pales  in  the  flood  with  men,  with  wives  and  boys, 

Whofe  fhouts  and  claps  out-voice  the  deep-mouth'd  fea ; 

Which,  like  a  mighty  whiffler  'fore  the  King, 

Seems  to  prepare  his  way  *,  fo  let  him  land, 

And  folemnly  fee  him  fet  on  to  London. 

So  fwift  a  pace  hath  thought,  that  even  now 

You  may  imagine  him  upon  Black-heath : 

Where  that  his  lords  defire  him  to  have  born 

His  bruifed  helmet,  and  his  bended  fword, 

Before  him  through  the  city ;  he  forbids  it ; 

Being  free  from  vainnefs  and  felf-glorious  pride : 

Giving  full  trophy,  fignal,  and  oftent, 

Quite  from  himfelf  to  God.  '  But  now  behold, 

In  the  quick  forge  and  working- houfe  of  thought, 

How  London  doth  pour  out  her  citizens : 

The  Mayor  and  all  his  brethren  in  bail  fort, 

Like  to  the  fenators  of  antique  Ro?ney 

With  the  Plebeians  fwarming  at  their  Heels, 

Go  forth  and  fetch  their  conqu'ring  Cefar  in. 

As  by  a  low,  but  loving  likelihood, 

Were  now  the  General  of  our  gracious  Emprefs 

(As  in  good  time  he  may)  from  Ireland  coming, 

Bringing  Rebellion  broached  on  his  fword  ; 

How  many  would  the  peaceful  city  quit, 

To  welcome  him  ?  mifch  more  (and  much  more  caufe} 

Did  they  this  Harry.    Now  in  London  place  him  ; 

(As  yet  the  lamentation  of  the  French  rL 

Invites  the  King  of  England's  Stay  at  home : 

The  Emperor's  coming  in  behalf  of  France, 

To 


9  2  King  Henry  V. 

To  order  peace  between  them  ♦,)  and  omit 

All  the  occurrences,  whatever  chanc'd, 

Till  Harry's  back  return  again  to  France : 

There  muft  we  bring  him  ;  and  my  felf  have  play*d 

The  int'rim,  by  remembring  you,  'tis  pad. 

Then,  brook  abridgment,  and  your  eyes  advance 

After  your  thoughts,  ftrait  back  again  to  France. 


a  c  T   v. 

SCENE,  the  Englifh  Camp,  in  France. 

Enter  Fluellen  and  Gower. 

GOWER; 

lf|^|pp£AY,  that's  right:  but  why  wear  you  your 
I^SN^t;  Leek  to  day  ?  St.  David's  day  is  pad. 
8^|.:  N  plgji  Flu.  There  is  occafions  and  caufes  why 
^f&^l^^l  anc*  wherefore  in  ail  things;  I  will  tell  you 
^Pfel^S  as  a  friend,  captain  Gowev  ;  the  rafcally, 
fcauld,  beggarly,  lowfie,  pragging  knave  Piftol^  which 
you  and  your  felf  and  all  the  world  know  to  be  no  petter 
than  a  fellow  (look  you  now)  of  no  merits  •,  he  is  come 
to  me  and  prings  me  pread  and  fait  yeflerday,  look  you, 
and  bid  me  eat  my  Leek.  It  was  in  a  place  where  I  could 
breed  no  contentions  with  him ;  but  I  will  be  fo  pold  as 
to  wear  it  in  my  cap,  till  I  fee  him  once  again ;  and  then 
I  will  tell  him  a  little  piece  of  my  defires. 

Enter  PiftoL 

Gow.  Why,  here  he  comes,  fwelling  like  a  Turky-cock. 

Flu.  'Tis  no  matter  for  his  fwelling,  nor  his  Turky- 
cocks.  God  plefle  you,  aunchient  Pijlol:  you  fcurvy 
lowfie  knave,  God  pleffe  you. 

Pift. 


King  Henry  V.  93 

Pift.  Ha!    art  thou  bedlam?    doft  thou  thirft,    bafe 
Trojan, 
To  have  me  fold  up  Parca's  fatal  web  ? 
Hence,  I  am  qualmifli  at  the  fmell  of  leek. 

Flu.  I  pefeech  you  heartily,  fcurvy  lowfie  knave,  at 
my  deftres  and  my  requefts  and  my  petitions,  to  eat, 
look  you,  this  leek:  becaufe,  look  you,  you  do  not 
love  it ;  and  your  affections,  and  your  appetites,  and  your 
digeftions,  does  not  agree  with  it  j  I  would  defire  you  to 
eat  it. 

Pift.  Not  for  Cadwallader  and  all  his  Goats. 

Flu.  There  is  one  Goat  for  you,  [Strikes  him. 

Will  you  be  fo  good,  fcald  knave,  as  eat  it  ? 

Pift.  Bafe  Trojan,  thou  malt  die. 

Flu.  You  fay  very  true,  fcald  knave,  when  God's 
will  is :  I  will  defire  you  to  live  in  the  mean  time  and 

eat  your  victuals  ;    come,  there  is  fawce  for  it 

[Strikes  bim~]  You  call'd  me  yefterday  mountain-Squire, 
but  I  will  make  you  to  day  a  Squire  of  low  degree.  I 
pray  you,  fall  to  \  if  you  can  mock  a  leek,  you  can  eat 
a  leek. 

Gow.  Enough,  captain  ;  you  have  afionim'd  him. 

Flu.  I  fay,  I  will  make  him  eat  fome  part  of  my  leek, 
or  I  will  peat  his  pate  four  days  and  four  nights.  Pite, 
I  pray  you ;  it  is  good  for  your  green  wound  and  your 
ploody  coxcomb. 

Pift.  Mufti  bite? 

Flu.  Yes,  out  of  doubt,  and  out  of  queftions  too,  and 
ambiguities. 

Pift.  By  this  leek,  I  will  mod  horribly  revenge  •,  I  eat 
and  fwear 

Flu.  Eat,  I  pray  you  ;  will  you  have  fome  more 
fawce  to  your  leek  ?  there  is  not  enough  leek  to  fwear 
by. 

Pift.  Quiet  thy  cudgel ;  thou  doll  fee,  I  eat. 

Flu.  Much  good  do  you,  fcald  knave,  heartily. 
Nay,  pray  you  throw  none  away,  the  skin  is  good 
for  your  proken  coxcomb :  when  you  take  occafions 
to  fee  leeks  hereafter,  I  pray  vou,  mock  at  'em,  that's 
all. 

Pift. 


94  King  Henry  V. 

Pi  ft.  Good. 

Flu.  Ay,  leeks  is  good  ;  hold  you,  there  is  a  groat 
to  heal  your  pate. 

Pift.  Me  a  groat ! 

Flu.  Yes,  verily,  and  in  truth,  you  fhall  take  it ;  or 
I   have  another  leek    in   my  pocket,    which  you  fhall    , 
eat. 

Pifi.  I  take  thy  groat  in  earned  of  revenge. 

Flu.  If  I  owe  you  any  thing,  1  will  pay  you  in  cud- 
gels ;  you  fhall  be  a  woodmonger,  and  buy  nothing  of 
me  but  cudgels  •,  God  pe  wi'  you,  and  keep  you,  and 
heal  your  pate.  [Exit. 

Pift.  All  hell  fhall  ftir  for  this. 

Gow.  Go,  go,  you  are  a  counterfeit  cowardly  knave : 
will  you  mock  at  an  antient  tradition,  began  upon  an 
honourable  refpecl,  and  worn  as  a  memorable  trophy 
of  predeceafed  valour,  and  dare  not  avouch  in  youf 
deeds  any  of  your  words  ?  I  have  feen  you  gleeking 
and  galling  at  this  gentleman  twice  or  thrice.  You 
thought,  becaufe  he  could  not  fpeak  Englijh  in  the  na- 
tive garb,  he  could  not  therefore  handle  an  EngUJh 
cudgel ;  you  find  it  otherwife  ;  and  henceforth  let  a 
Weljh  correction  teach  you  a  good  Engli/b  condition  :  tf 
fare  you  well.  [Exit. 

Pift.  Doth  fortune  play  the  hufwife  with  me  now  ? 
News  have  I,  that  my  Dot  is  dead  of  malady  of  France  ; 
And  there  my  rendezvous  is  quite  cut  off: 
Old  I  do  wax,  and  from  my  weary  limbs 
Honour  is  cudgell'd.     Well,  bawd  will  I  turn  ; 
And  fomething  lean  to  cut-purfe  of  quick  hand  : 
To  England  will  I  (leal,  and  there  I'll  fteal  j 
And  patches  will  I  get  unto  thefe  fears, 
And  fwear,  I  got  them  in  the  Gallia  wars.  [Exit. 


SCENE 


King  Henry  V.  9? 

SCENE,  the  French  Court,  at  Trois  in  Cham- 

paigne. 

Enter  at  one  door  King  Henry,  Exeter,  Bedford,  War- 
wick, and  other  Lords  -,  at  another,  the  French  King, 
Queen  Ifabel,  Princefs  Catharine,  the  Duke  ^Burgundy, 
and  other  French. 

K.  ifrwry.TQEace   to    this  meeting,   wherefore  we  are 

J7  rnet : 

Unto  our  brother  France,  and  to  our  fifter, 
Health  and  fair  time  of  day  -,  joy,  and  good  wiflies, 
To  our  mod  fair  and  princely  coufin  Catharine -, 
And  as  a  branch  and  member  of  this  royalty, 
By  whom  this  great  afTembly  is  contriv'd, 
We  do  falute  you,  Duke  of  Burgundy, 
And,  Princes  French,  and  Peers,  health  to  you  all. 

Fr.  King.  Right  joyous  are  we  to  behold  your  face  ; 
Moft  worthy  brother  England,  fairly  met ! 
So  are  you,  Princes  Ejiglijh,  every  one. 

Q^Ifa.  So  happy  be  the  iffue,  brother  England, 
Of  this  good  day,  and  of  this  gracious  meeting, 
As  we  are  now  glad  to  behold  your  eyes : 
Your  eyes,  which  hitherto  have  born  in  them 
Againft  the  French,  that  met  them  in  their  bent, 
The  fatal  balls  of  murthering  bafilisks : 
The  venom  of  fuch  looks,  we  fairly  hope, 
Have  loft  their  quality  •,  and  that  this  day 
Shall  change  all  griefs,  and  quarrels  into  love. 

K.  Henry.  To  cry  A?nen  to  that,  thus  we  appear. 

Q^Ifa.  You  Englijh  Princes  all,  I  do  falute  you. 

Burg.  My  duty  to  you  both,  on  equal  love, 
Great  Kings  of  France,  and  England.     That  I've  laboured 
With  all  my  wits,  my  pains,  and  ftrong  endeavours, 
To  bring  your  moft  imperial  Majefties 
Unto  this  bar  and  royal  interview, 
Your  Mightiness  on  both  parts  can  witnefs. 
Since  then  my  office  hath  fo  far  prevail'd, 
That,  face  to  face  and  royal  eye  to  eye, 

i  -    You 


96  King  Henry  V. 

You  have  congreeted  :  let  it  not  difgrace  me, 

If  I  demand,  before  this  royal  view, 

What  rub  or  what  impediment  there  is, 

Why  that  the  naked,  poor,  and  mangled  peace, 

Dear  nurfe  of  arts,  plenties,  and  joyful  births, 

Should  not  in  this  heft  garden  of  the  world, 

Our  fertile  France ,  put  up  her  lovely  vifage  ? 

Alas !  fhe  hath  from  France  too  long  been  chas'd  ; 

And  all  her  husbandry  doth  lye  on  heaps, 

Corrupting  in  its  own  fertility. 

Her  vine,  the  merry  chearer  of  the  heart,  (40) 

Unpruned  lyes ;  her  hedges  even  pleach'd, 

Like  prifoners,  wildly  over-grown  with  hair, 

Put  forth  diforder'd  twigs :  her  fallow  leas 

The  darnel,  hemlock,  and  rank  fumitory 

Doth  root  upon  •,  while  that  the  culter  rufts, 

That  fhould  deracinate  fuch  favagery  : 

The  even  mead,  that  erft  brought  fweetly  forth 

The  freckled  cowflip,  burnet,  and  green  clover, 

Wanting  the  fey  the,  all  uncorrected,  rank, 

Conceives  by  idlenefs  ;  and  nothing  teems, 

But  hateful  docks,  rough  thiftles,  keckfies,  burs, 

Lofing  both  beauty  and  utility  ; 

And  all  our  vineyards,  fallows,  meads  and  hedges, 

Defective  in  their  nurtures,  grow  to  wildnefs.  (41) 

Even  fo  our  houfes,  and  our  felves  and  children 

Have  loft,  or  do  not  learn,  for  want  of  time, 

The  fciences,  that  fhould  become  our  country  ; 

But  grow  like  favages,  (as  foldiers  will, 

That  nothing  do  but  meditate  on  blood) 

To  fwearing  and  ftern  looks,  diffus'd  attire, 

And  every  thing  that  feems  unnatural. 

(40)  Her  Vine Unpruned  dyes  :]     We  mull  read,  as  Mr, 

Warburton  intimated  to  me,  lies :  For  neglect  of  Pruning  does  not  kill 
the  Vine,  but  caufes  it  to  ramify  immoderately,  and  grow  wild ;  by 
which  the  requifite  Nourishment  is  withdrawn  from  its  Fruit. 

(41)  Defcfii-vc  in  their  Natures,  grow  to  Wildnefs.']  Quite  contrary ; 
they  were  not  defective,  but  exuberant  in  their  Natures,  and  crefcive 
Faculty  :  only,  wanting  their  due  Cultivation,  they  degenerated.  We 
jnuft  therefore  read,"  Nurtures.  Mr.  Warburton. 

2  Which 


King  Henry  V.  97 

Which  to  reduce  into  our  former  favour, 
You  are  affembled  ;  and  my  fpeech  intreats, 
That  I  may  know  the  Let,  why  gentle  p^ace 
Should  not  expel  thefe  inconveniences  •, 
And  blefs  us  with  her  former  qualities. 

K.Henry.  If,  Duke  of  Burgundy,  you  would  the  peace, 
"Whofe  want  gives  growth  to  th'  im perfections 
Which  you  have  cited  ;  you  muft  buy  that  peace, 
With  full  accord  to  all  our  juft  demands  : 
Whofe  tenours  and  particular  effects 
You  have,  enfchedul'd  briefly,  in  your  hands. 

Burg.  The  King  hath  heard  them  ;  to  the  which  as  yet 
There  is  no  anfwer  made. 

K.  Henry.  Well,  then  ;  the  peace, 
Which  you  before  fo  urg'd,  lyes  in  his  anfwer. 

Fr.  King.  I  have  but  with  a  curforary  eye 
O'er-glanc'd  the  articles  ;  pleafeth  your  Grace 
T'  appoint  fome  of  your  Council  prefently 
To  fit  with  us,  once  more  with  better  heed 
To  re-furvey  them  ;  we  will  fuddenly  (42) 
Pafs,  or,  accept,  and  peremptory  anfwer. 

K.  Henry.  Brother,  we  fhall.     Go,  uncle  Exeter, 
And  brother  Clarence,  and  you,  brother  GloucefUr, 
Warwick  and  Huntington,  go  with  the  King  ; 
And  take  with  you  free  Pow'r  to  ratifie, 
Augment,  or  alter,  as  your  wifdoms  beft 
Shall  fee  advantageable  for  our  dignity, 
Any  thing  in,  or  out  of,  our  Demands  ; 

(42)  ■  we  'will fuddenly 

Pafs  our  accept,  and  peremptory  anfwer. .]  As  the  French  King  defires  more 
Time  to  confider  deliberately  of  the  Articles,  tis  odd  and  abiurd  for  him 
to  fay  abfolutely,  that  he  would  accept  them  all.  He  certainly  muft 
mean,  that  he  would  at  once  wave  and  decline  what  he  diflik'd,  and 
confign  to  fuch  as  he  approved  of.  Our  Author  ufes  pafs  in  this  manner, 
in  other  places.     K.  John  ; 

But  if  you  fondly  pafs  our  proffer*  d  Love  i 
And  Othello ; 

Tet,  furely,   CafTio,  I  believe,  received 

From  him  that  fed  fome  Jlrange  Indignity > 

Which  Patience  could  not  pafs. 

Mr.  Warburton. 

Vol.  IV.  G  And 


5>8  King  Henry  V. 

And  we'll  confign  thereto.     Will  you,  fair  fitter, 
Go  with  the  Princes,  or  (lay  here  with  us  ? 

Q^Ifa.  Our  gracious  brother,  I  will  go  with  them  ; 
Haply,  a  woman's  voice  may  do  fome  good, 
When  articles,  too  nicely  urg'd,  be  flood  on. 

K.  Henry,  Yet  leave  our  coufm  Catharine  here  with  us^ 
She  is  our  capital  demand,  compris'd 
Within  the  fore-rank  of  our  articles. 

Q^IJa.  She  hath  good  leave.  [Exeunt. 

Manent  King  Henry,  Catharine,  and  a  Lady. 

K.  Henry.  Fair  Catharine,  moft  fair, 
Will  you  vouchfafe  to  teach  a  foldier  terms, 
Such  as  will  enter  at  a  lady's  ear, 
And  plead  his  love-fuit  to  her  gentle  heart  ? 

Calh.  Your  Majefty  fliall  mock  at  me,  I  cannot  fpeak 
your  England. 

K4  Henry.  O  fair  Catharine,  if  you  will  love  me  foundly 
with  your  French  heart,  I  will  be  glad  to  hear  you  con- 
fefs  it  brokenly  with  your  Englijh  tongue.  Do  you  like 
me,  Kate  ? 

Cath.  PardonneZ  moy,  I  cannot  tell  vat  is  like  me. 

K.  Henry.  An  angel  is  like  you,  Kate,  and  you  are  like 
an  angel. 

Cath.  Que  dit-il,  que je fuis Jembldble  ales  Anges  ? 

Lady.  Ouy,  vrayement,  (Jauf  vqftre  grace)  ainji  dit-iL 

K.  Henry.  I  faid  fo,  dear  Catharine,  and  I  muft  not 
blufh  to  affirm  it. 

Cath.  O  bon  Dieu !  les  langues  des  hommes  font  pleines  de 
tromperies. 

K.  Henry.  What  fays  fhe,  fair  one  ?  that  tongues  of 
men  are  full  of  deceits  ? 

Lady.  Ouy,  dat  de  tongues  of  de  mans  is  be  full  of  de- 
ceits :  dat  is  de  Princes. 

K.  Henry.  The  Priacefs  is  the  better  Englijh  Woman. 
I'faith,  Kate,  my  wooing  is  fit  for  thy  underftanding ;  I 
am  glad  thou  canft  fpeak  no  better  Englijh)  for  if  thou 
could'ft,  thou  would' ft  find  me  fuch  a  plain  King,  that 
thou  would'ft  think  I  had  fold  my  farnl  to  buy   my 

Crown, 


King  Henry  V.  $>? 

Crown.     I  know  no  ways  to  mince  it  in  love,  but  directly  m 
to  fay,   I  love  you  ;    then  if  you  urge  mc  further  than  to 
fay,  do  you  in  faith  ?  I  wear  out  my  fuit.     Give  me  your 
anfwer  -,  i'faith,  do  ;   and  fo  clap  hands  and  a  bargain  ; 
how  fay  you,  lady  ? 

Cath.  Sauf  voftre  honneur,  me  underftand  well. 

K.  Henry.  Marry,  if  you  would  put  me  to  verfes,  or  to 
dance  for  your  fake,  Kate,  why  you  undid  me  ;  for  the 
one  I  have  neither  words  nor  meafure  ;  and  for  the  other 
I  have  no  flrength  in  meafure,  yet  a  reafonable  meafure 
in  flrength.  If  I  could  win  a  lady  at  leap-frog,  or  by 
vaulting  into  my  faddle  with  my  armour  on  my  back  ; 
under  the  correction  of  bragging  be  it  fpoken,  I  mould 
quickly  leap  into  a  wife:  Or  if  I  might  buffet  for  my 
love,  or  bound  my  horfe  for  her  favours,  I  could  lay 
on  like  a  butcher,  and  fit  like  a  jack-an-apes,  never  off. 
But,  before  God,  Kate,  I  cannot  look  greenly,  nor  gafp 
out  my  eloquence,  nor  have  I  cunning  in  proteftation  ; 
only  downright  oaths,  which  I  never  ufe  till  urg'd,  and 
never  break  for  urging.  If  thou  canft  love  a  fellow 
of  this  temper,  Kate^  whofe  face  is  not  worth  fun-burn- 
ing *,  that  never  looks  in  his  glafs  for  love  of  any  thing 
he  fees  there  ;  let  thine  eye  be  thy  cook.  I  fpeak  plain 
foldier ;  if  thou  canft  love  me  for  this,  take  me  ;  if 
not,  to  fay  to  thee  that  I  /hall  die,  is  true  ;  but  for  thy 
love,  by  the  lord,  no  :  yet  I  love  thee  too.  And  while 
thou  liv'ft,  dear  Kate,  take  a  fellow  of  plain  and  un- 
coined conftancy,  for  he  perforce  muft  do  thee  right, 
becaufe  he  hath  not  the  gift  to  woo  in  other  places  :  for 
thefe  fellows  of  infinite  tongue,  that  can  rhime  them- 
felves  into  ladies  favours,  they  do  always  reafon  them- 
felves  out  again.  What  ?  a  fpeaker  is  but  a  prater ;  a 
rhime  is  but  a  ballad  ;  a  good  leg  will  fall,  a  ftraight 
back  will  ftoop,  a  black  beard  will  turn  white,  a  curl'd 
pate  will  grow  bald,  a  fair  face  will  wither,  a  full  eye 
will  wax  hollow  ;  but  a  good  heart,  Kate,  is  the  fun 
and  the  moon  5  or  rather  the  fun,  and  not  the  moon  ; 
for  it  mines  bright  and  never  changes,  but  keeps 
his  courfe  truly.    If  thou  would'ft  have  fuch  a  one,  take 

G  2  me; 


too  King  Henry  V. 

me  *,  take  a  foldier  •,  take  a  King  :  and  what  fay'fl: 
thou  then  to  my  love  ?  fpeak,  my  fair,  and  fairly,  I 
pray   thee. 

Cath.  Is  it  pofiible  dat  I  fould  love  de  enemy  of  France  ? 

K.  Henry  No,  it  is  not  pofiible  that  you   fhould  love  \ 
the  enemy  of  France,  Kate-,  but  in  loving  me  you  fhould 
love  the  friend  of  France  •,  for  I  love  France  fo  well,  that 
I  will  not  part  with  a  village  of  it:    I  will  have  it  all  . 
mine  ;  and  Kate,  when  France  is  mine  and  I  am  yours, 
then  yours  is  France,  and  you  are  mine. 

Cath.  I  cannot  tell  vhat  is  dat. 

K.  Henry  No,  Kate  ?  I  will  tell  thee  in  French,  (which, 
I  am  fure,  will  hang  upon  my  tongue  like  a  new  married 
wife  about  her  husband's  neck,  hardly  to  be  fhook  off) ' 
quand  f  ay  le  pojfejjion  de  France,  &  qiiand  vous  aves  le 
fojfejfion  de  moi  (let  me  fee,  what  then  ?  St.  Dennis  be 
my  fpeedlj  done  voftre  eft  France,  &  vous  eftes  mienne. 
It  is  as  eafie  for  me,  Kate,  to  conquer  the  kingdom,  as 
to  fpeak  fo  much  more  French  :  I  fhall  never  move  thee 
in  French,  unlefs  it  be  to  laugh  at  me. 

Cath.  Sauf  voftre  honneur,  le  Francois  que  vous  parlez, 
eft  mcllieur  que  /'  Anglois  lequel  je  park. 

K.  Henry  No,  faith,  is't  not,  Kate-,    but  thy  fpeak- 
ing  of  my  tongue  and  I  thine,   mod  truly  falfly,    muft 
needs  be  granted  to  be  much  at  one.    But,  Kate,  doft  thou 
underftand  thus  much  Englifo  ?  canft  thou  love  me  ? 
Cath.  I  cannot  tell. 

K.  Henry  Can  any  of  your  neighbours  tell,  Kate  ?  I'll 
ask  them.  Come,  I  know  thou  loveft  me  ;  and  at  night 
when  you  come  into  your  clofet,  you'll  queftion  this  gen- 
tlewoman about  me  ;  and  I  know,  Kate,  you  will  to 
her  difpraife  thofe  parts  in  me,  that  you  love  with  your 
heart  •,  but,  good  Kate,  mock  me  mercifully,  the  rather, 
gentle  Princefs,  becaufe  I  love  thee  cruelly.  If  ever  thou 
beeft  mine,  Kate,  (as  I  have  faving  faith  within  me,  tells 
me,  thou  (halt)  I  gee  thee  with  fcambling,  and  thou  muft 
therefore  needs  prove  a  good  foldier-breeder  :  fhall  not 
thou  and  I  between  St.  Dennis  and  St.  George,  compound 
a  boy  half  French,  half  Engliftj,  that  Hull  go  to  Conftan- 

tinopk 


'King  -Henry  V.  1 01 

tinople  and  take  the  fork  by  the  b^ard  ?    fhall  we  not  ? 
what  fay'ft  thou,  my  fair  Flower-de-luce  ?  (43) 
Cath.  I  do  not  know  dat. 

K.  Henry.  No,  'tis  hereafter  to  know,  but  now  to 
promife  ;  do  but  now  promife,  Kate,  you  will  endea- 
vour for  your  French  part  of  fuch  a  boy  ;  and  for  my 
Englijh  moiety,  take  the  word  of  a  King  and  a  batche- 
lor.  How  anfwer  you,  La  plus  belle  Catharine  du  monde, 
mon  tres  chere  £2?  divine  deejfe. 

Cath.  Your  Majeftee  ave  faufe  Frenche  enough  to  de- 
ceive de  moil  fage  damoifel  dat  is  en  France. 

K.  Henry.  Now,  fie  upon  my  falfe  French  ;  by  mine 
honour,  in  true  Engli/h  I  love  thee,  Kate ;   by  which  ho- 
nour I  dare  not  fwear  thou  loveft  me,   yet  my  blood  be- 
gins to  flatter  me  that  thou  doft,    notwithflanding  the 
poor  and   untempering   effect  of  my  vifage.    Now  be- 
fhrew  my  father's  ambition,  he  was  thinking  of  civil  wars 
when  he  got  me  ;  therefore   was  I  created  with  a  ftub- 
born  outride,  with  an  afpect  of  iron,  that  when  I  come 
to  woo  ladies  I  fright  them  :  but,  in  faith,  Kate,  the  elder 
I  wax,  the   better  I  fhall  appear.     My  comfort  is,   that 
old  age   (that  ill  layer  up  of  beauty)  can   do  no  more 
fpoil  upon  my  face.     Thou  haft  me,    if  thou  haft  me, 
at  the  worft  ;    and  thou  fhalt  wear  me,  if  thou  wear  me, 
better  and  better  -,    and   therefore  tell  me,  moft  fair  Ca- 
tharine, will  you  have  me?    Put  off  your  maiden  blufhes, 
avouch  the  thoughts  of  your  heart  with  the  looks  of  an 
Emprefs,    take  me  by  the  hand  and  fay,  Harry  of  Eng- 
land, I  am  thine  ;   which  word  thou  fhalt  no  fooner  blefs 
mine  ear  withal,    but  I  will  tell  thee  aloud,  England  is 
thine,  Ireland  is  thine,  France  is  thine,    and  Henry  Flan- 
tagenet  is  thine  ;    who,  tho'  I  fpeak  it  before  his  face,  if 
he  be  not  fellow  with  the  beft  King,  thou  fhalt  find  the 
beft  King  of  good  fellows.     Come,  your  anfwer  in  bro- 
ken mufick  ;   for  thy  voice  is  mufick,    and  thy  Englijh 

(43)  That  Jh  all  go  to  Conflantinople,  and  take  the  Turk  by  the  heard  ?~\ 
The  Poet  is  unwittingly  guilty  of  an  Anachronifm  in  this  paflage  ;    for' 
the  Turks  were  not  Matters  of  Conflantinople  till  the  Year  1453,    (in  the 
Beginning  of  Mahomet  the  IId.  his  Reign,)    when  K.  Henry  V.  had  been 
dead  3 1  years. 

G  3  broken ; 


102  King  Henry  V. 

broken  :    therefore  Queen  of  all,    Catharine,   break  thy 
mind  to  me  in  broken  Er-glijh,  wilt  thou  have  me  ? 

Catb.  Dat  is,  as  it  mall  pleafe  le  roy  mon  pere. 

K.  Henry.  Nay,  it  will  pleafe  him  well,  Kate  \  it  lhall 
pleafe  him,  Kate. 
B    Catb.  Den  it  mail  alfo  content  me. 

K.  Henry.  Upon  that  I  kifs  your  hand,  and  I  call  you 
my  Queen. 

Cath.  Laijfez,  mon  feigneur,  laijfez,  laijfez  :  ma  fiy7 
je  ne  veux  point  que  vous  abbaijjez  voftre  grandeur,  en 
baifant  la  main  dhine  voftre  indigne  ferviteure  ;  excujez  moyy 
Je  vous  Jupplie,  mon  tres-puiffant  Seigneur. 

K.  Henry.  Then  I  will  kifs  your  lips,  Kate. 

Cath.  Les  dames  &  damoifeis  pour  eftre  baifees  devant  leur 
?topces,  il  tfeft  pas  le  ccntume  de  France. 

K.  Henry.  Madam  my  interpreter,  what  fays  fhe  ? 

Lady.  Dat  it  is  not  be  de  fafhion  pour  les  ladies  of 
France  ;  I  cannot  tell,  what  is  baijfer  en  Englijh. 

K.  Henry.  To  kifs. 

Lady.  Your  Majefty  entendre  bettre  que  moy. 

K.  Henry.  Is  it  not  a  fafhion  for  the  maids  in  France  to 
kifs  before  they  are  married,  would  fhe  fay  ? 

Lady.  Ouy,  vrayement. 

K.  Henry.  O  Kate,  nice  cuftcms  curt'fie  to  great  Kings. 
Dear  Kate,  you  and  I  cannot  be  confin'd  within  the  weak 
lift  of  a  country's  fafhion  ;  we  are  the  makers  of  man- 
ners, Kate  -,  and  the  liberty,  that  follows  our  places, 
flops  the  mouth  of  all  find-faults,  as  I  will  do  yours,  for 
the  upholding  the  nice  fafhion  of  your  country  in  denying 
me  a  kifs  ;  therefore  patiently  and  yielding.  [Kffr  g  ber.~\ 
You  have  witchcraft  in  your  lips,  Kite  -,  there  is  more 
eloquence  in  a  touch  cf  them,  than  in  the  tongues  of  the 
French  Council  5  and  they  mould  fooner  perfuade  Harry 
of  England,  than  a  general  petition  of  monarchs.  Here 
comes  your  father. 

Enter  the  French  King  and  Queen,  with  French  and  Eng- 

lifh  Lords. 

Burg.  God  fave  your  Majefty !    my  royal  coufin,  teach 
you  our  Princefs  Englijh  ? 

K.  Henry. 


King  Henry  V.  105 

K.  Henry,  I  would  have  her  learn,  my  fair  coufin,  how 
perfectly  I  love  her,  and  that  is  good  Englijh. 

Burg.  Is    (he  apt  ? 

K.  Henry.  Our  tongue  is  rough,  and  my  condition  is 
not  fmooth  ;  fo  that  having  neither  the  voice  nor  the 
heart  of  Flattery  about  me,  I  cannot  fo  conjure  up  the 
fpirit  of  love  in  her,  that  he  will  appear  in  his  true  like- 
nefs.  (44) 

Burg.  Pardon  the  franknefs  of  my  mirth,  if  I  anfwer 
you  for  that.  If  you  would  conjure  in  her,  you  muft 
make  a  circle :  if  conjure  up  love  in  her  in  his  true  like- 
nefs,  he  muft  appear  naked  and  blind.  Can  you  blame 
her  then,  being  a  maid  yet  ros'd  over  with  the  virgin 
crimfon  of  modefty,  if  fhe  deny  the  appearance  of  a 
naked  blind  boy,  in  her  naked  feeing  felf  ?  it  were,  my 
lord,  a  hard  condition  for  a  maid  to  confign  to. 

K.  Henry.  Yet  they  do  wink  and  yield,  as  love  is  blind 
and  enforces. 

Burg.  They  are  then  excus'd,  my  lord,  when  they  fee 
not  what  they  do. 

K.  Henry.  Then,  good  my  lord,  teach  your  coufin  to 
confent  to  winking. 

Burg.  I  will  wink  on  her  to  confent,  my  lord,  if  you 
will  teach  her  to  know  my  meaning.  Maids,  well  fum- 
mer'd  and  warm  kept,  are  like  Flies  at  Bartholomew-tide, 
blind,  though  they  have  their  eyes  :  and  then  they  will 
endure  handling,  which  before  would  not  abide  looking 
on. 

K.  Henry.  This  moral  ties  me  over  to  time,  and  a  hot 
fummer  ;  and  fo  I  mall  catch  the  Flie  your  coufin  in  the 
latter  end,  and  fhe  muft  be  blind  too. 

(44)  Our  Tongue  is  rough,  and  my  Condition  not  fmooth ;  fo  that 
having  neither  the  Voice  nor  the  Heart  of  Hatred  about  me.*  ]  What 
Mock-reafoning  is  here  !  Where  the  Tongue  is  rough  and  harm,  and 
the  Difpofition  rugged  too,  do  not  both  the  Voice  and  Heart  give  Suspi- 
cion of  Hatred,  or,  at  leaft,  Diflike  ?  If  the  late  Editor  purpofely  departed 
from  the  Text  here,  he  fhould  have  given  us  his  Reafons  for  it :  if  he 
did  not,  the  Deviation  is  no  great  Praife  to  his  Diligence  as  a  Collator. 
The  Old  Folio\  read,— —Flattery  about  me*^—  which  makes  all  eafie  and 
confonant. 

G  4  Burg. 


1 04  King  Henry  V. 

Burg.  As  love  is,  my  lord,  before  it  loves. 

K.  Henry.  It  is  fo ;  and  you  may  fome  of  you  thank 
love  for  my  blindnefs,  who  cannot  fee  many  a  fair  French 
city,  for  one  fair  French  maid  that  Hands  in  my  way. 

Fr.  King.  Yes,  my  lord,  you  fee  them  perfpectively  ; 
the  cities  turn'd  into  a  maid  ;  for  they  are  all  girdled 
with  maiden  walls,  that  war  hath  never  enter'd. 

K.  Henry.  Shall  Kate  be  my  wife  ? 

Fr.  King,  So  pleafe  you. 

K.  Henry.  I  am  content,  fo  the  maiden  cities  you  talk 
of  may  wait  on  her  •,  fo  the  maid,  that  ftood  in  the  way 
for  my  wifh,  (hall  (hew  me  the  way  to  my  will. 

Fr.  King.  We  have  confented  to  all  terms  of  reafon. 

K.  Henry.  Is't  fo,  my  lords  of  England? 

Weft.  The  King  hath  granted  every  article : 
His  daughter  firft  •,  and  then  in  fequel  all, 
According  to  their  firm  propofd  nature. 

Exe.  Only  he  hath  not  yet  fubferibed  this: 
Where  your  Majeiiy  demands,  That  the  King  of  France, 
having  occafion  to  write  for  matter  of  grant,  (hall  name 
your  Highnefs  in  this  form,  and ,  with  this  addition  in 
French  :  no/ire  tres  cher  ftlz  Henry  Roy  d*  Angleierre,  he- 
retier  de  France  :  and  thus  in  Latin  \^P  r  cedar : jjimus  Jilius 
nofter  Henricus  Rex  Anglice  (S  k teres  Francice. 

Fr.  King.  Yet  this  I  have  not  (brother)  fo  deny'd, 
But  your  requeft  fhall  make  me  let  it  pafs. 

K.  Henry.  I  pray  you  then,  in  love  and  dear  alliance, 
Let  that  one  article  rank  with  the  reft, 
And  thereupon  give  me  your  daughter.  [raife  up 

Fr.King.  Take   her,    fair  fon,    and  from  her  blood 
IfTue  to  me;  that  thefe  contending  Kingdoms, 
England  and  France,  whofe  very  fhores  look  pale 
With  envy  of  each  other's  happinefs, 
May  ceafe  their  hatred  ;    and  this  dear  conjunction 
Plant  neighbourhood  and  chriftian-like  accord 
In  their  fweet  breads  ;   that  never  war  advance 
His  bleeding  fword  'twixt  England  and  fair  France. 

Lords.  Amen !  [all, 

K.Henry.  Now  welcome,   Kate-,   and  bear  me  witnefs 
That  here  I  kifs  her,  as  my  Soveraign  Queen.     [Flourijh. 


King  Henry  V.  ioj 

QiJfa.  God,   the  be  ft  maker  of  all  marriages, 
Combine  your  hearts  in  one,  your  realms  in  one  : 
As  man  and  wife,  being  two,  are  one  in  love, 
So  be  there  'twixt  your  kingdoms  fuch  a  fpoufal, 
That  never  may  ill  office,  or  fell  jealoufie, 
Which  troubles  oft  the  bed  of  bleiTed  marriage, 
Thruft  in  between  the  paction  of  thefe  kingdoms,  (45) 
To  make  divorce  of  their  incorporate  league  : 
That  Englijh  may  as  French,  French  Englijhmen, 
Receive  each  other.     God  fpeak  this  Amen  ! 

All.  Amen. 

K.  Henry.  Prepare  we  for  our  marriage  •,  on  which  day, 
My  lord  of  Burgundy,  we'll  take  your  oath 
And  all  the  Peers,  for  furety  of  our  leagues. 
Then  fhall  I  fwear  to  Kate,  and  you  to  me, 
And  may  our  oaths  well  kept,    and  profp'rous  be  ! 

/  [Exeunt 

Enter  Chorus, 

Thus  far  with  rough,  and  all-unable,  pen 

Our  bending  author  hath  purfu'd  the  ftory  ♦,  [  /a  ] 

In  little  room  confining  mighty  men, 

Mangling  by  ftarts  the  full  courfe  of  their  glory. 
Small  time,  but,  in  that  fmall,  mod  greatly  liv'd 

This  Star  of  England.     Fortune  made  his  fword  ; 
By  which  the  world's  beft  garden  he  atchiev'd, 

And  of  iHeft  his  fon  imperial  lord. 
Henry  the  Sixth,   in  infant  bands  crown'd  King 

Of  France  and  England,  did  this  King  fucceed  : 
Whofe  ftate  fo  many  had  i'th'  managing, 

That  they  loft  France,  and  made  his  England  bleed  :    . 
Which  oft  our  ftage  hath  fhown  •,  and,  for  their  fake, 
In  your  fair  minds  let  this  acceptance  take. 

(45)  Ihruft  in  between  the  paflion  of  thefe  Kingdoms]  The  Old  Folio's 
have  it,  the  pation ;  which  makes  me  believe,  the  Author's  Word  was 
faSiion  ;  a  Word,  more  proper  on  the  cccafion  of  a  Peace  ftruck  up. 
A  Paflion  of  two  Kingdoms  for  one  another,  is  an  odd  Expreflion.  An 
Amity  and  political  Harmony  may  be  fix'd  betwixt  two  Countries,  and 
yet  either  People  be  far  from  having  a  Paflion  for  the  other, 

THE 


'i-nru  V7 


Jiy "  J&.  Jin  as  £  fyn?i4  h  a<m  cxuptt^nn^" 


&72 


d      0    - —  a*ljL  tUt  aS  0U6L-  —    fk//.  &trnmzs^ 


fat,  L  fatof6+**u^Uf^'fg*0 
Arm*,  *f-  fa  2*fto&-,  neur#U*fir£ 


^  pet  i^f  r*^" '  ^*^^  t 

tush**.  ii*m*««^yY* 

tout  1£0t&tnrr 


fa?f^JZdu*j^s 

$<rf<titihzad  fo.fliC)  ■  frzrrnJfaJP  #£2 

farl,  /nrrn^dt'vwvL  &C4vt~itnf>tMfnen£r 
td  fy  fa  fa*  <6  &  t?  M**1  &'  ^       ^: 

£     fb    — .  Utrina  /Unc^  hvrz       JraJt&: 

befits  it^  &f  /  f-46?  pnf  firm*- tfc  rr* 


L 
hi       Jul     Ca^ry  Cfro/j' 


At  irmura^fiiA't^  fMviU2y 


o    33    Jn^^M^/^^^^/^^1^^ 


MffJrnuf.  /$0oo  M+&wh:    qcfc^f&&nik\*fa4rt>LQ 

/r*-t*,M  ^  !£?%  furfm  ?n^  a*  ^A^up^ 
Mia  ^yu^frJtr£tL.*mJ teteuL&ijtouf-fa  fiU-&ntn*~S£~6&4su/u 


V, 


a 


/r, A 'en  fi  » if/*?  J^y 
/oft \slr~       />tr}* 


v. 


/J. 


f       77     /-> 


■      n     ' 


THE 


FIRST    PART 


O  F 


K.  H  E  N  R  r  vrh. 


immmmmmmm—m 


Dramatis  Perfonae.* 


KING  Henry  VI. 

Duke  ofGloce&er,  Uncle  to  the  King,  and  Proteclor. 

Duke  of  Bedford,  Uncle  to  the  King,  and  Regent  of  France. 

Cardinal  Beaufort,    Bijhop   of  Winchefter,    and  Uncle   likewife   to    the 

King. 
Duke  of  Exeter. 
Duke  of  Somerfet. 
Earl  of  Warwick. 
Earl  of  Salisbury. 
Earl  of  Suffolk. 
Lord  Talbot. 
Young  Talbot,  his  Son. 

Richard  Plantagenet,  afterwards  Duke  of  'York. 
Mortimer,  Earl  of  March. 
Sir  John  Faftolfe. 
Woodvile,  Lieutenant  of  the  Tower. 
Lord  Mayor  of  London. 
Sir  Thomas  Gargrave. 
Sir  William  Glanfdale. 
Sir  William  Lucy. 

Vernon,  of  the  White  Rofe,  or  York  FaSlion. 
Baffet,  of  the  Red  Rofe,  or  Lancafter  Fatlion. 

Charles,  Dauphin,  and  afterwards  King  of  France. 

Reignier,  Duke  of  Anpu,  and  'Titular  King  of  Naples. 

Duke  of  Burgundy. 

Duke  of  Alanfon. 

Bajlard  of  Orleans. 

Governor  of  Paris. 

Mafter  Gunner  of  Orleans. 

Boy,  his  Son. 

An  old  Shepherd,  Father  to  Joan  la  Pucellc. 

Margaret,  Daughter  to  Reignier,  and  afterwards  Queen  to  King  Henry. 

Count efs  of  Auvergne. 

Joan  la  Pucelle,  a  Maid  pretending  to  be  infpir'd  from  Heaven,  and  fetting 

up  for  the  Championefs  of  France. 
Fiends,  attending  her. 

Lords,  Captains,  Soldiers,  Meffengers,  and  federal  Attendants  both  on  the 

Englim  and  French. 

tfhe  SCENE  is  partly  in  England,  bnd  partly 

in  France, 

The 


The  First  Part  of  (i) 

King  HE  N  R  XVI 


A    C    T      I. 

/ 

SCENE,  Weftminfter-^%.       i 

Dead  March.  Enter  the  Funeral  of  King  Henry  the 
Fifthy  attended  on  by  the  Duke  of  Bedford,  Regent 
of  France  -,  the  Duke  of  Gloucefter,  Protestor  -, 
the  Duke  of  Exeter,  and  the  Earl  of  Warwick, 
the  Bijhop  of  Winchefter^  and  the  Duke  of  Somer- 
fet. 

Bedford. 

UNG   be   the   heav'ns   with   black,    yield 

day  to  night ! 
Comets,    importing   change   of   times   and 

ftates, 
Brand ifh  your  cryflal  treflfes  in  the  sky  5 
And  with  them  fcourge  the  bad  revolting  ftars, 
That  have  confented  unto  Henry's  death  ! 

Henry 

(1)  fhe  firft  Part  a/^Henry  VI.]  The  Hfftorical  Tranfaftions, 
contain'd  in  this  Play,  take  in  the  Compafs  of  above  30  Years.  I  muft 
•bferve,  however,  that  our  Author,  in  the  three  Parts  of  K.  Henry  VI, 

has 


1 1  o  The  Firji  *Part  of 

Henry  the  Fifth,  too  famous  to  live  long  ! 
England  ne'er  loft  a  King  of  fo  much  worth. 

GIou.  England  ne'er  had  a  King  until  his  time : 
Virtue  he  had,  deferving  to  command. 
His  brandifh'd  fword  did  blincUnen  with  its  beams  ; 
His  arms  fpread  wider  than  a  Dragon's  wings : 
His  fparkling  eyes,  repleat  with  awful  fire, 
More  dazzled  and  drove  back  his  enemies, 
Than  mid-day  fun  fierce  bent  againft  their  faces. 
What  fhould  I  fay  ?  his  deeds  exceed  all  fpeech  : 
He  never  lifted  up  his  hand,  but  conquer'd. 

Exe>   We   mourn  in  black ;    why  mourn  we  not  in 
Henry  is  dead,  and  never  fhall  revive :  [blood  ? 

Upon  a  wooden  coffin  we  attend : 
And  death's  difhonourable  victory 
We  with  our  ftately  prefence  glorifie, 
Like  captives  bound  to  a  triumphant  car. 
What  ?  fhall  we  curfe  the  planets  of  mi  (hap, 
That  plotted  thus  our  glory's  overthrow  ? 
Or  fhall  we  think  the  fubtle-witted  French 
Conj'rers  and  forc'rers,  that,  afraid  of  him, 
By  magick  verfe  have  thus  contriv'd  his  end  ? 

Win.  He  was  a  King,  bleft  of  the  King  of  Kings. 
Unto  the  French  ^  the  dreadful  judgment-day 

has  not  been  very  precife  to  the  Date  and  Difpofition  of  hisFa£tsj  but 
fhufflled  them,  backwards  and  forwards,  out  of  Time.  For  Inftance  ; 
The  Lord  Talbot  is  kilPd  at  the  End  of  the  4th  Att  of  this  Play,  who  in 
reality  did  not  fall  till  the  13  th  ofjufy  1453  :  and  the  2d  Part  of  Henry 
VI.  opens  with  the  Marriage  of  the  King,  which  was  folemniz'd  8  Years 
before  Talbofs  Death,  in  the  Year  1445.  Again,  in  the  2d  Part,  Dame 
Eleanor  Cobbam  is  introduc'd  to  infult  QJMargaret ;  though  her  Penance 
and  Banifhment  for  Sorcery  happened  three  Years  before  that  Princefs 
came  over  to  England.  I  could  point  out  many  other  Tranfgreflions 
againft  Hiflory,  as  far  as  the  Order  of  Time  is  concerned.  Indeed,  tho 
there  are  feveral  Mafter-Strokes  in  thefe  three  Plays,  which  inconteftibly 
betray  the  Workmanfhip  of  Sbakefpeare ;  yet  I  am  almoft  doubtful,  whe- 
ther they  were  entirely  of  his  Writing.  And  unlefs  they  were  wrote  by 
him  very  early,  I  fhou'd  rather  imagine  them  to  have  been  brought  to 
him  as  a  Director  of  the  Stage ;  and  fo  to  have  receiv'd  fome  finiihing 
Beauties  at  his  hand,  An  accurate  Obferver  will  eafily  fee,  the  DiSiion 
of  them  is  more  obfokte,  and  the  Numbers  more^muin  and  p"ofmcaly  than 
in  the  Generality  of  his  genuine  Compofitions,     (  C) 

So 


King  Henry  VI.       ,  \\i 

So  dreadful  will  not  be  as  was  his  fight. 
The  battels  of  the  Lord  of  hofts  he  fought ; 
The  church's  pray'rs  made  him  fo  profperous. 

Glou.  The  church  ?  where  is  it  ?  had  not  church-men 
pray'd, 
His  thread  of  life  had  not  fo  foon  decay 'd. 
None  do  you  like  but  an  effeminate  Prince, 
Whom,  like  a  School-boy,  you  may  over-awe. 

Win.  Glo'Jier%  whatever  we  like,  thou  art  Protector, 
And  lookeft  to  command  the  Prince  and  realm  j 
Thy  wife  is  proud  ;  fhe  holdeth  thee  in  awe, 
More  than  God,  or  religious  church-men,  may. 

Glou.  Name  not  religion,  for  thou  lov'ft  the  flem ; 
And  ne'er  throughout  the  year  to  church  thou  go'ft, 
Except  it  be  to  pray  againft  thy  foes. 

Bed.  Ceafe,  ceafe  thefe  jars,  and  reft  your  minds  in 
Let's  to  the  altar :  heralds,  wait  on  us ;  [peace : 

Inftead  of  gold  we'll  offer  up  our  arms, 
Since  arms  avail  not  now  that  Henry's  dead  ! 
Pofterity  await  for  wretched  years, 
When  at  their  mothers  moift  eyes  babes  fliall  fuck  * 
Our  ifle  be  made  a  nourice  of  fait  tears,  (2) 
And  none  but  women  left  to  'wail  the  dead  ! 
Henry  the  Fifth  !  thy  ghoft  I  invocate  ; 
Profper  this  realm,  keep  it  from  civil  broils, 
Combat  with  adverfe  planets  in  the  heavens ! 
A  far  more  glorious  ftar  thy  foul  will  make,  (3) 
Than  Julius  Cafar,  or  bright — - 

Enter 

(2)  Our  Ifle  be  made  a  Marifti  of  fait  Tears,]  Thus  it  is  in  both  the 
Impreffions  by  Mr.  Pope :  upon  what  Authority,  I  cannot  fay.  All  the 
old  Copies  read,  a  Nourijb :  and  confidering  it  is  faid  in  the  line  inv 
mediately  preceding,  that  Babes  lhall  fuck  at  their  Mothers  moift  Eyes, 
it feems  very  probable  that  our  Author  wrote,  a  Nourice :  i.e.  that  the 
whole  Ifle  ihould  be  one  common  Nurfe,  or  Nourijber,  of  Tears :  and 
thofe  be  the  Nourilhment  of  its  miferable  IfTue.  The  Word,  'tis  true,  is 
purely  French ;  but  it  had  been  adopted,  long  before  our  Author's  Timfy 
into  our  Tongue,  and  frequently  ufed  by  Chaucer. 

(3)  A  far  more  glorieus  Star  thy  foul  will  make 

Than  Julius  Caefer,  or  bright  ■       '      '      '  ]     Whether  this  was  a 

defign'd  Break  of  the  Author's,  occafion'd  by  the  fudden  and  abrupt 

Entrance  gf  the  Monger  j  pr  whether  the  latter  find  of  the  Verfe  was 

""■  -      -  loft, 


1  I  z 


The  Firfl  Tart  of 


Enter  a  Mejpngcr. 

Meff.  My  honourable  lords,  health  to  you  all ; 
Sad  tidings  bring  I  to  you  out  of  France  ^ 

loft,  by  its  not  being  legible  to  the  firfl  Editors,  is  not  very  eafy  now  to 
determine.  Mr.  Pope  thinks  (for  Rhyme-fake,  I  fuppofe  ;)  that  the  Poet 
might  poflibly  have  fili'd  up  the  Hemiftich  thus ; 

—or  bright  Sir  Francis  Drake. 

But  there  are  more  Objections  than  one  to  be  made  to  this  Conjecture. 
In  the  firft  place,  Sir  Francis  Drake  did  not  die  till  the  Year  1595  J 
before  which  time,  I  believe,  this  Play  had  made  its  Appearance.     Be- 
fides,  the  Poet,  as  he  mentioned  the  Star  of  Julius  Ca>far,  muft  be 
fuppofed,  to  talk  Senfe  in  the  Clofe  of  the  Verfe,  to  inftance  in  fome  other 
deified  Hero,  and  who  had  the  Rule  likewife  of  a  Star.     Mr.  Pope  has 
attempted  to  be  fmart  upon  me  for  reftoring  a  genuine  Anachronifm  to 
our  Poet ;  and  yet  is  here  for  foifting  a  fictitious  one  upon  him,  which, 
I  dare  fay,  the  Poet  never  once  conceiv'd  in  his  Imagination.     In  all 
Anachronifms,  as  in  other  Licences  of  Poetry,  this  Rule  ought  certainly 
to  be  obferv'd ;  that  the  Poet  is  to  have  Regard  to  Verijimilitude.     But 
there  is  no  Verijimilitude,  when  the  Anachronifm  glares  in  the  Face  of  the 
common  People.     For  this  Falfhood  is,  like  all  other  Falfhoods  in  Poetry, 
to  be  only  tolerated,  where  the  FaKhood  is  hid  under  Verifimilitude. 
No  fober  Critick  ever  blamed  Virgil,  for  inftance,  for  making  Dido  and 
JEneas  contemporary.      (Such  a  Prolepfis  may  be  juftified  by  the  Ex- 
amples of  the  greateft  Poets  of  Antiquity.)     But  had  he  made  jEneas 
mention  Hamilcar,  what  Man  in  his  Senies  would  have  thought  of  an 
Excufe  for  him  ?   For  the   Name  of  Haniilcar,  tho  a  Foreigner,  was  too 
recent  in  the  Acquaintance  of  the  People  ;  as  he  had  for  five  Years  toge- 
ther infefted  the  Coaft  of  Italy  ;  and  after  that,  begun  the  fecond  Punic 
War  upon  them.     The  Cafe  of  our  Author  differs  in  his  mentioning 
Machia-vel  in  fome  of  his  Plays,  the  Action  of  which  was  earlier  than 
that  Statefman's  Birth.     For  Machia-vel  was  a  Foreigner,  whofe  Age,  we 
may  fuppofe,  the  common  Audience  not  fo  well  acquainted  with ;  as 
being  long  before  their  time,  and,  indeed,  very  near  the  Time  of  the 
Action  of  thofe  Plays.     Befides,  He  having  fo  eftablifh'd  a  Reputation, 
in   the  time  of  our  Author,  amongft  the   Politicians ;   might  well  be . 
fuppos'd  by  thofe,  who  were  not  Chronologers,  to  be  of  much  longer 
Standing  than  he  was.     This,  therefore,  was  within  the  Rules  of  Li- 
cence;  and  if  there  was  not  Chronological  Truth,  there  was  at  leaft 
Chronological  Likelihood  :  without  which  a  Poet  goes  out  of  his  Juris- 
diction,   and  comes  under  the  Penalty  of  the  Criticks  Laws.     I  have " 
only  one  further  Remark  to  make  upon  the  Topick  in  hand,  and  'tis 
this :  That  where  the  Authority  of  all  the  Books  makes  the  Poet  commit 
a  Blunder,  (whofe  general  Character  it  is,  not  to  be  very  exact ;)  'tis  the 
Duty  of  an  Editor  to  inew  him  as  he  is ;  and  to  detect  all  fraudulent 
tampering  to  make  him  better.     But  to  fill  up  a  Chafm  by  Conjecture, 
with  an  Anachronifm  that  flares  Senfe  out  of  Countenance ;  this,  with 
'  Submimon  to  Mr.  Pope,  Nee  homines>  nee  DH,  nee  concejfere  Columns. 

~2  Of 


King  Henry  VI.  i  rj 

Of  lofs,  of  flaughter,  and  difcomfiture  \ 
Guienne,  Champaign,  and  Rheims,  and  Orleans, 
Paris,  Guyfors,  Poiffiers,  are  all  quite  loft. 

Bed.    What  fay'fl  thou,    man,    before  dead  Henry's 
coarfe  ? 
Speak  foftly,  or  the  lofs  of  thofe  great  towns 
Will  make  him  burft  his  lead,  and  rife  from  death. 

Glou.  Is  Paris  loft,  and  Roan  yielded  up  ? 
If  Henry  were  recall'd  to  life  again, 
Thefe  news  would  caufe  him  once  more  yield  the  ghoft. 

Exe.  How  were  they  loft?  what  treachery  was  us'd? 

Mejf.  No  treachery,  but  want  of  men  and  mony. 
Amongft  the  foldiers  this  is  muttered, 
That  here  you  maintain  fev'ral  factions  ; 
And  whilft  a  field  mould  be  difpatch'd  and  fought, 
You  are  difputing  of  your  Generals. 
One  would  have  lingring  wars  with  little  coft* 
Another  would  fly  fwift,  but  wanteth  wings  : 
A  third  man  thinks,  without  expence  at  all, 
By  guileful  fair  words,  peace  may  be  obtained. 
Awake,  awake,  Englijh  nobility  ! 
Let  not  (loth  dim  your  honours,  new^begot; 
Crop'd  are  the  Flower- de-1  wees  in  your  Arms, 
Of  England's  Coat  one  half  is  cut  away. 

Exe.  Were  our  tears  wanting  to  this  funeral, 
Thefe  tidings  would  call  forth  their  flowing  tides. 

Bed.  Me  they  concern,  Regent  I  am  of  France  v 
Give  me  my  fteeled  coat,  I'll  fight  for  France. 
Away  with  thefe  difgraceful,  wailing  robes  ; 
Wounds  I  will  lend  the  French,  inftead  of  eyes, 
To  weep  their  intermiflive  miferies. 

Enter  to  them  another  Mejfenger. 

2  MeJJ.  Lords,  view  thefe  letters,  full  of  bad  mifchance, 
France  is  revolted  from  the  Englijh  quite, 
Except  fome  petty  towns  of  no  import. 
The  Dauphin  Charles  is  crowned  King  in  Rheims, 
The  baftard  Orleans  with  him  isjoin'd: 
Reignier,  Duke  of  Anjou,  doth  take  his  part. 
The  Duke  of  Alanfon  flies  to  his  fide.  [Exit. 

Vol.  IV.  H  Exe. 


1 1 4  The  Firjl  Tart  of 

Exe.  The  Dauphin  crowned  King  ?  all  fly  to  him  ? 
O,  whither  (hall  we  fly  from  this  reproach  ? 

Glou.  We  will  not  fly  but  to  our  enemies  throats. 
Bedford^  if  thou  be  flack,  I'll  fight  it  out. 

Bed.  Gl(?fter,  why  doubt' ft  thou  of  my  forwardnefs  ? 
An  army  have  I  mufter'd  in  my  thoughts, 
Wherewith  already  France  is  over-run. 

Enter  a  'Third  Mejfenger. 

3  Mejl  My  gracious  lords,  to  add  to  your  laments, 
Wherewith  you  now  bedew  King  Henry's  hearfe, 
I  muft  inform  you  of  a  difmal  fight 
Betwixt  the  flout  lord  Talbot  and  the  French. 

Win.  What !  wherein  Talbot  overcame  ?  is't  fo  ? 

3  Meffi  O,  no  •,  wherein  lord  Talbot  was  overthrown. 
The  circumflance  I'll  tell  you  more  at  large. 
The  tenth  of  Auguft  laft,  this  dreadful  lord 
Retiring  from  the  fiege  of  Orleans, 
Having  fcarce  full  fix  thoufand  in  his  troop, 
By  three  and  twenty  thoufand  of  the  French 
Was  round  encompaffed  and  fet  upon. 
No  leifure  had  he  to  enrank  his  men ; 
He  wanted  pikes  to  fet  before  his  archers ; 
Inflead  whereof,  fharp  flakes,  pluckt  out  of  hedges, 
They  pitched  in  the  ground  confufedly  ; 
To  keep  the  horfemen  off  from  breaking  in. 
More  than  three  hours  the  fight  continued  ; 
Where  valiant  Talbot  above  human  thought 
Enacted  wonders  with  his  fword  and  lance. 
Hundreds  he  fent  to  hell,  and  none  durfl  fland  him ; 
Here,  there,  and  every  where,  enrag'd  he  flew. 
The  French  exclaim'd,  the  devil  was  in  arms  ! 
All  the  whole  army  flood  agaz'd  on  him. 
His  foldiers,  fpying  his  undaunted  fpirit, 
A  Talbot !  Talbot !  cried  out  amain, 
And  rufh'd  into  the  bowels  of  the  battel. 
Here  had  the  Conqueft  fully  been  feal'd  up, 
If  Sir  John  Faftolfe  had  not  play'd  the  coward  ;  (4)* 

He 

#  (4)  If  Sir  John  Falilaffe]     Mr.  Pope  has  taken  Notice,  in  a  Note  upon 
tfie  third  A&  of  this  Play,  "  That  Fajfiaffi  is  here  introiuc'd  again, 

«  who 


King  Henri  VL  nj 

He  being  in  the  vaward,  (plac'd  behind,    . 
With  purpofe  to  relieve  and  follow  them) 
Cowardly  fled,  not  having  ftruck  one  firoak. 
Hence  grew  the  gen'ral  wrack  and  maflacre  ; 
Enclofed  were  they  with  their  enemies. 
A  bafe  Walloon,  to  win  the  Dauphin's  grace, 
Thruft  Talbot  with  a  fpear  into  the  back  •, 
Whom  all  France  with  her  chief  affembled  ftrength 
Durft  not  prefume  to  look  once  in  the  face. 

Bed.  Is  Talbot  (lain  then  ?  I  will  flay  my  felf, 
For  living  idly  here  in  pomp  and  eafe  ; 
Whilft  fuch  a  worthy  leader,  wanting  aid, 
Unto  his  daftard  foe-men  is  betray'd. 

3  Mejf.  O  no,  he  lives,  but  is  took  prifoner, 
And  lord  Scales  with  him,  and  lord  Hungerford ; 
Moft  of  the  reft  flaughter'd,  or  took  likewife. 

Bed.  His  ranfom  there  is  none  but  I  fhall  pay. 
I'll  hale  the  Dauphin  headlong  from  his  throne, 
His  Crown  fhall  be  the  ranfom  of  my  friend : 
Four  of  their  lords  I'll  change  for  one  of  ours. 
Farewel,  my  mafters,  to  my  task  will  I ; 
Bonfires  in  France  forthwith  I  am  to  make, 
To  keep  our  great  St.  George's  feaft  withal. 
Ten  thoufand  foldiers  with  me  I  will  take, 
Whofe  bloody  deeds  fhall  make  all  Europe  quake. 

3  Mejf.  So  you  had  need,  for  Orleans  is  befieg'd  ; 
The  Englijh  army  is  grown  weak  and  faint : 

"  who  was  dead  in  Henry  V ;  the  Occafion  whereof  is,  that  this  Play 
u  was  written  before  Henry  IV.  or  Henry  V."  This  feems  to  me  but  an 
idle  piece  of  Criticifm.  It  is  the  Hiftorical  Sir  John  Faflolfe,  (for  fo  he 
is  call*d  by  both  our  Chroniclers)  that  is  here  mention'd;  who  was  a 
Lieutenant-General  in  the  Wars  with  France,  Deputy  Regent  to  the 
Duke  of  Bedford  in  Normandy,  and  a  Knight  of  the  Garter :  and  not  the 
Comic  Character  afterwards  introduced  by  our  Author  ;  and  which  was  a 
Creature  merely  of  his  own  Brain.  Nor,  when  he  nam'd  him  Falflaffe, 
do  I  believe,  he  had  any  Intention  of  throwing  a  Slur  on  the  Memory  of 
this  renowned  old  Warrior.  Efpecially,  if  the  Tradition  be  true,  that 
this  humorous  Character  was  at  firft  calPd  Oldcajile  by  our  Author ;  and 
afterwards  changed  to  Faljlajje,  upon  a  Reprefentation  made  to  Queen 
Elizabeth ;  fome  of  the  Oldcafiles  furviving,  who  thought  themfelves 
aggrieved  in  that  Character  bearing  the  Name  of  their  Family. 

H  %  The 


1 1 6  The  Ftrjl  Tart  of 

The  Earl  of  Salisbury  craveth  fupply, 
And  hardly  keeps  his  men  from  mutiny  ; 
Since  they  fo  few  watch  fuch  a  multitude. 

Exe.  Remember,  lords,  your  oaths  to  Henry  fworn  : 
Either  to  quell  the  Dauphin  utterly, 
Or  bring  him  in  obedience  to  your  yoak. 

Bed.  I  do  remember  it,  and  here  take  leave, 
To  go  about  my  preparation.  [Exit  Bedford, 

Gloit.  Til  to  the  Tower  with  all  the  hafte  I  can, 
To  view  th'  artillery  and  amunition  ; 
And  then  I  will  proclaim  young  Henry  King. 

[Exit  Gloucefter. 

Exe.  To  Eltam  will  I,  where  the  young  King  is, 
Being  ordain'd  his  fpecial  governor  •, 
And  for  his  fafety  there  I'll  bed  devife.  [Exit. 

Win.  Each  hath  his  place  and  function  to  attend: 
I  am  left,  out :  for  me  nothing  remains : 
But  long  I  will  not  be  thus  out  of  ofB.ce  : 
The  King  from  Eltam  I  intend  to  fend, 
And  fit  at  chiefeft  (tern  of  publick  weal.  [Exit. 

SCENE,  before  Orleans  in  France. 

Enter  Charles,  Alanfon,  and  Reignier,  marching  with  a 

drum  and  Soldiers, 

Char.  TV  /t  A  R  S  his  true    moving,    ev'n  as    in    the 

iVA         heav'ns,  (5) 
So  in  the  earth  to  this  day  is  not  known. 
Late,  did  he  mine  upon  the  Engli/h  fide : 
Now  we  are  victors,  upon  us  he  fmiles. 
What  towns  of  any  moment,  but  we  have  ? 

(5)  Mars  bis  true  moving,']  Our  Poet,  in  an  hundred  Pafikges  of  his 
Works,  has  fhewn  us  his  Acquaintance  with  judicial  Jjirology ;  he  here  ' 
gives  us  a  Glimpfe  of  his  Knowledge  in  AJironomy.  The  Revolutions  of 
the  Planet  Mars  were  not  found  out  till  the  beginning  of  the  1 7th  Century. 
Kepler,  I  think,  was  the  Perfon,  who  firft  gave  Light  to  Difcovery  upon 
this  Subje£t,  from  the  Obfervations  of  Ticbo-Brabe,  in  his  Treatife  De 
Motibus  Stella  Martis :  of  which  Treatife  I  have  feen  no  earlier  Edition 
than  that  from  Frankfort  publifh'd  in  1 609 ;  at  leaft  1 5  years,  if  not 
more,  after  the  Appearance  of  this  Play. 

At 


King  Henri  VI.  117 

At  pleafure  here  we  lye  near  Orleans  : 

Tho  ftill  the  famifh'd  Englijh,  like  pale  ghofts, 

Faintly  befiege  us  one  hour  in  a  month. 

Alan.  They  want  their  porridge,  and  their  fat  Bull- 
beeves  ; 
Either  they  muft  be  dieted,  like  mules, 
And  have  their  provender  ty'd  to  their  mouths ; 
Or  piteous  they  will  look  like  drowned  mice. 

Reign.  Let's  raife  the  fiege  :  why  live  we  idly  here  ? 
Talbot  is  taken,  whom  we  wont  to  fear  : 
Remaineth  none  but  mad-brain'd  Salisbury, 
And  he  may  well  in  fretting  fpend  his  gall ; 
Nor  men,  nor  mony,  hath  he  to  make  war. 

Char.  Sound,  found  alarum  :  we  will  rufli  on  them : 
Now  for  the  honour  of  the  forlorn  French : 
Him  I  forgive  my  death,  that  killeth  me  ; 
When  he  fees  me  go  back  one  foot,  or  fly.  [Exeunt, 

[Here  Alarm,  they  are  beaten  back  by  the  Englifh 
with  great  lofs. 

Re-Enter  Charles,  Alanfon,  and  Reignier. 

Char.  Who  ever  faw  the  like ?  what  men  have  I? 
Dogs,  cowards,  daftards  !  I  would  ne'er  have  fled, 
But  that  they  left  me  'mid ft  my  enemies. 

Reig.  Salisbury  is  a  defp'rate  homicide, 
He  fighteth  as  one  weary  of  his  life  : 
The  other  lords,  like  lions  wanting  food, 
Do  rufh  upon  us  as  their  hungry  prey. 

Alan.  Froyfard,  a  countryman  of  ours,  records, 
England  all  Olivers  and  Rowlands  bred, 
During  the  time  Edward  the  Third  did  reign  : 
More  truly  now-  may  this  be  verified  •, 
For  none  but  Sampfons  and  Goliajfes 
It  fendeth  forth  to  skirmifh  ;  one  to  ten  ! 
Lean  raw-bon'd  rafcals  !  who  would  e'er  fuppofe, 
They  had  fuch  courage  and  audacity  !  [flaves, 

Char.  Let's  leave  this  town,  for  they  are  hair-brain'd 
And  hunger  will  enforce  them  be  more  eager : 
Of  old  I  know  them  -9  rather  with  their  teeth 
The  walls  they'll  tear  down,  than  forfake  the  fiege. 

H  3  Reig. 


1 1 8  The  Firji  Tart  of 

Reig.  I  think,  by  fome  odd  gimmals  or  device 
Their  arms  are  fet  like  clocks,  dill  to  ftrike  on  ; 
Elfe  they  could  ne'er  hold  out  fo,  as  they  do  : 
By  rny  confent  we'll  e'en  let  them  alone. 

Alan.  Be  it  lb. 

Enter  the  Bajlard  of  Orleans. 

Baft.  Where's  the  Prince  Dauphin  ?    I  have  news  for 
him. 

Dau.  Baftard  of  Orleans,  thrice  welcome  to  us. 

Baft.  Methinks,  your  looks  are  fad,  your  chear  appal'd. 
Hath  the  late  overthrow  wrought  this  offence  ? 
Be  not  difmay'd,  for  fuccour  is  at  hand  : 
A  holy  maid  hither  with  me  I  bring, 
Which  by  a  vifion,  fent  to  her  from  heav'n, 
Ordained  is  to  raife  this  tedious  fiege  ; 
And  drive  the  Englijb  forth  the  bounds  of  France. 
The  fpirit  of  deep  prophecie  fhe  hath, 
Exceeding  the  nine  Sibylls  of  old  Rome:  (6) 
What's  paft,  and  what's  to  come,  fhe  can  defcry. 
Speak,  fhall  I  call  her  in  ?    believe  my  words, 
For  they  are  certain  and  infallible. 

Dau.  Go,  call  her  in  ;  but  firft  to  try  her  skill, 
Reignier,  (land  thou  as  Dauphin  in  my  place  •, 
Queftion  her  proudly,  let  thy  looks  be  ftern  ; 
By  this  means  fhall  we  found  what  skill  fhe  hath, 

Enter  Joan  la  Pucelle. 

Reig.   Fair  maid,    is't  thou    wilt  do  thefe   wond?rous 
feats  ? 

Pucel.  Reignier,  is*t  thou  that  thinkeft  to  beguile  me  ? 
Where  is  the  Dauphin  ?  come,  come  from  behind, 
I  know  thee  well,  tho  never  feen  before. 
Be  not  amaz'd  :  there's  nothing  hid  from  me : 

(6)  Exceeding  the  nine  Sibylls  of  old  Rome.]  Either  the  Poet  is  forgetful 
here  of  Tradition,  or  purppfely  gives  himfelf  a  Latitude  of  ExpreiTion. 
The  Cumaan  Sibyll  is  the  only  one  fuppofed  to  have  vilited  Italy ;  and  fhe 
it  was,  according  to  fome  Authors,  who  brought  the  nine  Volumes  of 
Sibylline  Oracles  to  Tarquinius  Superbus.  To  this  Fable,  no  doubt,  our 
Author  here  alludes. 

In 


King  Henry  VI.  up 

In  private  will  I  talk  with  thee  apart : 

Stand  back,  you  lords,  and  give  us  leave  awhile. 

Reig.  She  takes  upon  her  bravely  at  firft  dafti. 

Pucel.  Dauphin,  I  am  by  birth  a  fhepherd's  daughter, 
My  wit  untrain'd  in  any  kind  of  art : 
Heav'n,  and  our  Lady  gracious  hath  it  pleas' d 
To  fhine  on  my  contemptible  eftate. 
Lo,  whilft  I  waited  on  my  tender  lambs, 
And  to  fun's  parching  heat  difplay'd  my  cheeks, 
God's  mother  deigned  to  appear  to  me  ; 
And,  in  a  vifion  full  of  majefty, 
-Will'd  me  to  leave  my  bafe  vocation, 
And  free  my  country  from  calamity  : 
Her  aid  fhe  promis'd,  and  aflur'd  fuccefs. 
In  com  pleat  glory  me  reveal'd  her  felf ; 
And,  whereas  I  was  black  and  fwart  before, 
"With  thofe  clear  rays  which  fhe  infus'd  on  me, 
That  beauty  am  I  bleft  with,  which  you  fee. 
Ask  me  what  queftion  thou  canft  poffible, 
And  I  will  anfwer  unpremeditated. 
My  courage  try  by  combat,  if  thou  dar'ft, 
And  thou  (halt  find  that  I  exceed  my  fex. 
Refolve  on  this,  thou  fhalt  be  fortunate, 
If  thou  receive  me  for  thy  warlike  mate. 

Dau.  Thou  haft  aflonifh'd  me  with  thy  high  terms : 
Only  this  proof  I'll  of  thy  valour  make, 
In  fmgle  combat  thou  fhalt  buckle  with  me  •, 
And  if  thou  vanquifheft,  thy  words  are  true  -> 
Otherwife,  I  renounce  all  confidence. 

Pucel.  I  am  prepar'd  ;  here  is  my  keen-edg'd  fword, 
Deck'd  with  fine  Flow'r-de-luces  on  each  fide  •, 
The  which,  at  Tourain  in  St.  Catharine's  church, 
Out  of  a  deal  of  old  iron  I  chofe  forth. 

Dau.  Then  come  o'  God's  name,  for  I  fear  no  woman. 

Pucel.  And  while  I  live,  I'll  ne'er  fly  from  a  man. 
Here  they  fight^  and  Joan  la  Pucel le  overcomes. 
-  Dau.  Stay,  flay  thy  hands,  thou  art  an  Amazon  \ 
And  fighteft  with  the  fword  of  Debora. 

Pucel.  Chrift's  mother  helps  me,  elfe  I  were  too  weak, 

H  4  Dau. 


no  The  Fkjl  Tart  of 

Dau.  Whoe'er  helps  thee,  'tis  thou  that  muft  help  me  : 
Impatiently  I  burn  with  thy  defire, 
My  heart  and  hands  thou  haft  at  once  fubdu'd ; 
'    Excellent  Pucelle^  if  thy  name  be  fo, 
Let  me  thy  fervant  and  not  Soveraign  be, 
'Tis  the  French  Dauphin  fueth  to  thee  thus. 

Pucel.  I  muft  not  yield  to  any  rites  of  love, 
For  my  profefilon's  facred  from  above  : 
When  I  have  chafed  all  thy  foes  from  hence, 
Then  will  I  think  upon  a  recompence. 

Dau.  Mean  time,  look  gracious  on  thy  proftrate  thrall. 

Reig.  My  lord,  methinks,  is  very  long  in  talk. 

Alan,  Doubtlefs,  he  fhrives  this  woman  to  her  fmock  \ 
Elfe  ne'er  could  he  fo  long  protract  his  fpeech. 

Reig,  Shall  we  difturb  him,  fince  he  keeps  no  mean  ? 

Alan.  He   may  mean    more   than   we  poor  men  do 
know : 
Thefe  women  are  fhrewd  tempters  with  their  tongues. 

Reig.  My  lord,  where  are  you  ?  what  devife  you  on  ? 
Shall  we  give  over  Orleans  or  no  ? 

Pucel.  Why,  no,  I  fay  •,  diftruftful  recreants  ! 
Fight  till  the  laft  gafp,  for  I'll  be  your  guard. 

Dau.  What  me  fays,  I'll  confirm  ;  we'll  fight  it  out. 

Pucel.  Afllgn'd  I  am  to  be  the  Englijh  fcourge. 
This  night  the  fiege  afiuredly  I'll  raife  : 
—  Expect  Saint  Martin's  fummer,  Halcyon  days, 
Since  I  have  enter'd  thus  into  thefe  wars. 
Glory  is  like  a  circle  in  the  water  ; 
Which  never  ceafeth  to  enlarge  it  felf, 
Till  by  broad  fpreading  it  difperfe  to  nought. 
With  Henrfs  death  the  Englijh  circle  ends  j 
Difperfed  are  the  glories  it  included : 
Now  am  I  like  that  proud  infulting  fhip, 
•  Which  Ccefar  and  his  fortune  bore  at  once. 

Dau.  Was  Mahomet  infpired  with  a  Dove  ? 
Thou  with  an  Eagle  art  infpired  then. 
Helen  the  mother  of  great  Conjlantine, 
Nor  yet  St.  Philip* s  daughters,  were  like  thee, 
Bright  ftar  of  Venus ^  fall'n  down  on  the  earth. 
How  may  I  reverently  worfhip  thee  ? 

Alan. 


King  Henry  VI.  1 1 i 

Alan.  Leave  off  delays,  and  lee  us  raife  the  fiege. 

Reig.  Woman,    do  what  thou  canft  to  fave  our  ho- 
nours ; 
Drive  them  from  Orleans,  and  be  immortaliz'd. 

Dau.  Prefently  try  :  come,  let's  away  about  it. 
No  prophet  will  I  truft,  if  me  proves  falfe.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE,  the  Tower-g^ta,  in  London. 

Enter  Gloucefter,  with  his  Serving-men. 

Glou.  TAM  this  day  come  to  furvey  the  Tower ; 

i    Since  Henrf%  death,  I  fear,  there  is  conveyance. 
Where  be  thefe  warders,  that  they  wait  not  here  ? 
Open  the  gates.     'Tis  Gloucefter,  that  calls. 

i  Ward.  Who's  there,  that  knocketh  fo  imperioufly  ? 

i  Man.  It  is  the  noble  Duke  of  Gloucefter. 

2  Ward.  Who  e'er  he  be,  you  may  not  be  let  in. 

i  Man.  Villains,  anfwer  you  fo  the  Lord  Protector  ? 

i  Ward.  The  Lord  protect  him  !  fo  we  anfwer  him  ; 
We  do  no  otherwife  than  we  are  will'd. 

Glou.  Who  willed  you  ?  or  whofe  will  {lands,  but  mine  ? 
There's  none  Protedor  of  the  realm  but  I. 
Break  up  the  gates,  I'll  be  your  warrantize  ; 
Shall  I  be  flouted  thus  by  dunghil  grooms  ? 

Gloucefter'j   men  rujh  at  the  Tower-gates,   and 
Woodvile  the  Lieutenant  /peaks  within. 

Wood.  What  noife  is  this  ?  what  traitors  have  we  here  ? 

Glou.  Lieutenant,  is  it  you,  whofe  voice  I  hear  ? 
Open  the  gates  ;  here's  Glo'fter,  that  would  enter. 

Wood.  Have  patience,  noble  Duke  -,  I  may  not  open  *, 
The  Cardinal  of  Winchefter  forbids  •, 
From  him  I  have  exprefs  commandment, 
.  That  thou,  nor  none  of  thine,  fhall  be  let  in. 

Glou.  Faint-hearted  Woodvile,  prized  him  'fore  me  r* 
Arrogant  Winchefter,  that  haughty  prelate, 
Whom  Henry,  our  late  Soveraign,  ne'er  could  brook  ? 
Thou  art  no  friend  to  God,  or  to  the  King : 
Open  the  gate,  or  I'll  fhut  thee  out  fhortly. 

Serv. 


|i  2 1  The  Firjl  Tart  of 

Serv.  Open  the  gates  there  to  the  Lord  Proteclor ; 
We'll  burft  them  open,  if  you  come  not  quickly. 

Enter  to  the  Protestor  at  the  Tower  gates  y  Winchefter  and 

his  men  in  tawny  coats. 

Win.  How  now,    ambitious  Humphrey,    what  means 
this?  (y) 
t/2Al      Glou.  PieFd  Prieft,   doft  thou  command  me  be  fhut 
out  ? 
Win.  I  do,  thou  mod  ufurping  proditor, 
And  not  protector,  of  the  King  or  realm. 

Glou.  Stand  back,  thou  mahifeft  confpirator ; 
Thou,  that  contriv'd'ft  to  murder  our  dead  lord  ; 
Thou,  that  giv'ft  whores  indulgencies  to  fin  j  (8) 
V\\  canvafs  thee  in  thy  broad  Cardinal's  hat, 
If  thou  proceed  in  this  thy  infolence. 

(7)  How  now,  ambitious  umpire,  what  means  this  ?]  This  Reading  has 
obtained  in  all  the  Editions  fince  the  2d  Folio.  The  firft  Folio  has  it,  Um- 
fheir.  It  is  obfervable  that,  in  both,  the  Word  is  diftinguiuYd  in  Italicks. 
But  why,  Umpire  ?  Or  of  What  ?  Gloucefler  was  Protestor  of  the  Realm 
in  the  King's  Minority,  but  not  an  Umpire  in  any  particular  Matter  that 
we  know  of.  The  Traces  of  the  Letters,  and  the  Word  being  printed 
originally  in  Italicks,  convince  me,  that  the  Duke's  Chriftian  Name  lurk*d 
under  this  Corruption.  I  have  therefore  ventured  to  reftore  it  in  the  Text : 
and  Gloucefler  is  not  Co  feldom  as  50  times  calFd  Humphrey  in  this  and  the 
fucceeding  Play. 

(8)  Thou,  that  gli?Jl  Whores']  The  Brothel-houfes,  or  Stews,  which 
were  of  old  licens'd  on  the  Bankfide  at  Southwark,  were  within  the  Dis- 
trict, and  under  the  Jurisdiction,  of  the  Bifhop  of  Winchejler.  To  this 
our  Poet  has  again  alluded  in  the  laft  Speech  of  his  Troilus  and  CreJJida  : 

< .         mi.  but  that  my  Fear  is  this, 

Some  galled  Goofe  of  Winchefter  would  hifs. 
For  the  Venereal  Tumour,  called  a  Winchefter-goofe,  deriv'd  its  Name 
from  that  Bifnop  giving  Difpenfations  to  Strumpets.  Nor  were  Harlots 
alone  permitted  to  exercife  their  Function  at  the  Bankjide  ;  but  Male-Bauds 
were  likewife  indulgM  to  keep  publick  Hcufes  for  the  Reception  of  fuch 
Cattle.  And  thefe  became  fo  infamous,  that  in  the  1 1  th  Year  of  Henry 
VI.  we  find,  a  Statute  was  made,  That  none,  who  dwelt  at  the  Stews 
in  Soutbvjark,  mould  be  impannelFd  in  Juries,  nor  keep  any  Inn,  or 
Tavern,  but  there.  Thefe  Stews,  in  the  37th  Year  of  King  Henry  VIII. 
(Anno  1 5  4.6 )  were,  by  Proclamation  and  Sound  of  Trumpet,  fuppreiVd  ; 
and  the  Houfes  let  to  People  of  Reputation,   and  honeft  Callings. 

Win. 


King  Henry  VI.  123 

Win.  Nay,  ftand  thou  back,   I  will  not  budge  afoot: 
This  be  Damafcus,  be  thou  curfed  Cain,  (9) 
To  flay  thy  brother  Abel,  if  thou  wilt. 

Glou.  I  will  not  flay  thee,  but  I'll  drive  thee  back: 
Thy  fcarlet  robes,  as  a  child's  bearing  cloth, 
I'll  ufe  to  carry  thee  out  of  this  place. 

Win.  Do,  what  thou  dar'ft  -,  I  beard  thee  to  thy  face. 

Glou.  What  ?  am  I  dar'd,  and  bearded  to  my  face? 
Draw,  men,  for  all  this  privileged  place. 
Blue  coats  to  tawny.     Prieft,  beware  thy  beard  ; 
I  mean  to  tug  it,  and  to  cuff  you  foundly. 
Under  my  feet  I'll  ftamp  thy  Cardinal's  hat : 
In  fpight  of  Pope  or  dignities  of  Church, 
Here  by  the  cheeks  I'll  drag  thee  up  and  down. 

Win.  Glo'fter,  thou'lt  anfwer  this  before  the  Pope. 

Glou.  Winchefter  Goofe  !  I  cry,  a  rope,  a  rope. 
Now  beat  them  hence,  why  do  you  let  them  flay  r* 
Thee  I'll  chafe  hence,  thou  Wolf  in  Sheep's  array. 
Out,  tawny  coats  *,  out,  fcarlet  hypocrite  ! 

Here  Gloucefter'i  men  beat  out  the  Cardinal's  ;  and  enter  in 
the  hurly-burly  the  Mayor  of  London,  and  his  Officers. 

Mayor.  Fy,  Lords  -,    that  you,    being  fupreme  magi- 
ftrates,  ■ 

Thus  contumelioufly  mould  break  the  peace  I 

Glou.  Peace,  Mayor,    for  thou  know'fl:  little  of  my 
wrongs : 
Here's  Beauford,  that  regards  not  God  nor  King, 
Hath  here  diftrain'd  the  Tower  to  his  ufe. 

Win.  Here's  Glo'cefter  too,  a  foe  to  citizens, 
One  that  (till  motions  war,  and  never  peace, 
O'er-charging  your  free  purfes  with  large  fines  ; 
That  feeks  to  overthrow  religion, 
Becaufe  he  is  Protector  of  the  realm  ; 
And  would  have  armour  here  out  of  the  Tbzver, 
To  crown  himfelf  King,  and  fupprefs  the  Prince, 

(9)  fbh  he  Damafcus,]  About  4  Miles  from  Damafcus  is  a  high  Hill, 
reported  to  be  the  fame  on  which  Cain  kill'd  his  brother  Abel.  Maundr. 
7rfiV>  p.  1 3 1  ? 

Glou. 


124  The  Fir/}  Tart  of 

Glou.  I  will  not  anfwer  chee  with  words,  but  blows. 

[Here  they  skirmifh  again. 

Mayor.  Nought  refts  for  me  in  this  tumultuous  ftrife, 
But  to  make  open  proclamation. 
Gome,  officer,  as  loud  as  e'er  thou  canfl. 

All  manner  of  men  ajfembled  here  in  arms  this  day,  againft 
God's  peace  and  the  Kings,  we  charge  and  command  you 
in  his  Highnefis  name,  to  repair  to  your  fever al  dwelling 
places,  and  not  to  wear,  handle,  or  ufe  any  fword,  weapon^ 
or  dagger  henceforward,  upon  pain  of  Death. 

Glou.  Cardinal,  I'll  be  no  breaker  of  the  law  : 
But  we  mall  meet,  and  tell  our  minds  at  large. 

Win.  Glo'fier,  we'll  meet  to  thy  dear  coft,  be  fure  \ 
Thy  heart-blood  I  will  have  for  this  day's  v/ork. 

Mayor.  I'll  call  for  clubs,  if  you  will  not  away  : 
This  Cardinal  is  more  haughty  than  the  devil. 

Glou.  Mayor,  farewel :  thou  doft  but  what  thou  may'ft.' 

Win.  Abominable  Glo'fter,  guard  thy  head, 
For  I  intend  to  have  it,  ere  be  long.  [Exeunt. 

Mayor.  See  the  coaft  clear'd,  and  then  we  will  depart. 
Good  God!  that  nobles  mould  fuch  ftomachs  bear ! 
I  my  felf  fight  not  once  in  forty  year.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE   changes  to  Orleans  in  France. 

• 

Enter  the  Mafter-giinner  of  Orleans,  and  his  Boy. 

M.Gun.C^lRRA,   thou  know'ft  how  Orleans  is  be- 

O         fieg'd, 
And  how  the  Englifh  have  the  fuburbs  won. 

Boy.  Father,  I  know,  and  oft  have  mot  at  them, 
How  e'er  unfortunate  I  mifs'd  my  aim. 

M.  Gun.  But  now  thou  (halt  not.   Be  thou  rul'd  by  me : 

Chief  Mafter-gunner  am  I  of  this  town, 

Something  I  maf>  do  to  procure  me  grace. 

The  Prince's  'fpials  have  informed  me, 

The  Englifh,  in  the  fuburbs  clofe  intrench'd, 

Went  thro'  a  fecret  grate  of  iron  bars, 

In 


King  Henry  VI.  |Vj; 

In  yonder  tow'r,  to  over-peer  the  city  ; 

And  thence  difcover  how,  with  mod  advantage, 

They  may  vex  us,  with  fhot  or  with  affault. 

To  intercept  this  inconvenience, 

A  piece  of  ord'nance  'gainft  it  I  have  plac'd  ; 

And  fully  ev'n  thefe  three  days  have  I  watch'd, 

If  I  could  fee  them.     Now,  Boy,  do  thou  watch. 

For  I  can  ftay  no  longer. 

If  thou  fpy'ft  any,  run  and  bring  me  word, 

And  thou  malt  find  me  at  the  Governor's.  [Exit. 

Boy.  Father,  I  warrant  you;  take  you  no  care  *, 
I'll  never  trouble  you,  if  I  may  fpy  them. 

Enter  Salisbury  and  Talbot  on  the  turrets,  with  others. 

Sal.  Talbot,  my  life,  my  joy,  again  return'd ! 
How  wert  thou  handled,  being  prifoner  ? 
Or  by  what  means  got'ft  thou  to  be  releas'd  ? 
Difcourfe,  I  pr'ythee,  on  this  turret's  top. 

Tal.  The  Duke  of  Bedford  had  a  prifoner, 
Called  the  brave  Lord  Ponton  de  Santraile. 
For  him  was  I  exchang'd,  and  ranfomed. 
But  with  a  bafer  man  of  arms  by  far, 
Once,  in  contempt,  they  would  have  barter'd  me : 
Which  I  difdaining  fcorn'd,  and  craved  death, 
Rather  than  I  would  be  fo  vilde  efteem'd. 
In  fine,  redeem'd  I  was,  as  I  defir'd. 
But  O,  the  treach'rous  Faftolfe  wounds  my  heart  ; 
Whom  with  my  bare  fifts  I  would  execute, 
If  I  now  had  him  brought  into  my  pow'r. 

Sal.  Yet  tell'ft  thou  not,  how  thou  wert  entertain'd. 

Tal.  With  feoffs  and  fcorns,  and  contumelious  taunts* 
In  open  market-place  produe'd  they  me, 
To  be  a  publick  fpedtacle  to  all. 
Here,  fa  id  they,  is  the  terror  of  the  French  \ 
The  fcare-crow,  that  affrights  our  children  fo. 
Then  broke  I  from  the  officers  that  led  me, 
And  with  my  nails  digg'd  ftones  out  of  the  ground, 
To  hurl  at  the  beholders  of  my  fhame. 
My  grifly  countenance  made  others  fly  ; 
None  durft  come  near,  fox  fear  of  fudden  death. 

In 


\z6  The  Ftrjt  Part  <f 

In  iron  walls  they  deem'd  me  not  fecure  : 
So  great  a  fear  my  name  amongft  them  fpread, 
That  they  fuppos'd,  I  could  rend  bars  of  fteel  ; 
And  fpurn  in  pieces  pofts  of  adamant. 
Wherefore  a  guard  of  chofen  mot  I  had  ; 
They  walk'd  about  me  ev'ry  minute-while  ; 
And  if  I  did  but  ftir  out  of  my  bed, 
Ready  they  were  to  (hoot  me  to  the  heart. 

Enter  the  Boy,  with  a  Linjiock. 

Sal.  I  grieve  to  hear  what  torments  you  endur'd, 
But  we  will  be  reveng'd  fufficiently. 
Now  it  is  fupper-time  in  Orleans  : 
Here  thro5  this  grate  I  can  count  every  one, 
And  view  the  Frenchmen  how  they  fortify  : 
Let  us  look  in,  the  fight  will  much  delight  thee. 
Sir  Thomas  Gargrave^  and  Sir  William  Glanfdale> 
Let  me  have  your  exprefs  opinions, 
Where  is  beft  place  to  make  our  batt'ry  next  ? 

Gar.  I  think,  at  the  north  gate  •,  for  there  (land  lords; 

Glan.  And  I  here,  at  the  bulwark  of  the  bridge. 

TaL  For  ought  I  fee  this  city  muft  be  famifrYd, 
Or  with  light  skirmifhes  enfeebled. 

[Here  they  Jhoot^  and  Salisbury  falls  down. 

Sal.  O  Lord,  have  mercy  on  us,  wretched  finners. 

Gar.  O  Lord,  have  mercy  on  me,  woful  man. 

TaL  What  chance  is  this,  that  fuddenly  hath  croft  us  ? 
Speak,  Salisbury  •,  at  lead,  if  thou  canft  fpeak  ; 
How  far'ft  thou,  mirror  of  all  martial  men  ? 
One  of  thy  eyes  and  thy  cheek's  fide  (truck  off ! 
Accurfed  tow'r,  accurfed  fatal  hand, 
That  hath  contriv'd  this  woful  tragedy ! 
In  thirteen  battels  Salisbury  o'ercame : 
Henry  the  Pifoh  he  firft  train'd  to  the  wars. 
Whilft  any  trump  did  found,   or  drum  ftruck  up, 
His  fvvord  did  ne'er  leave  ftriking  in  the  field. 
Yet  liv'ft  thou,  Salisbury  ?  tho  thy  fpeech  doth  fail, 
One  eye  thou  haft  to  look  to  heav*n  for  grace. 
The  fun  with  one  eye  vieweth  all  the  world. 
Heav'n,  be  thou  gracious  to  none  alive, 

If 


King  Henry  VL  127 

If  Salisbury  wants  mercy  at  thy  hands  ! 
Bear  hence  his  body,  I  will  help  to  bury  it. 
Sir  Thomas  Gargrave,  haft  thou  any  life  ? 
Speak  unto  Talbot  \  nay,  look  up  to  him. 
O  Salisbury,  chear  thy  fpirit  with  this  comfort, 
Thou  fhalt  not  die,  while 


-He  beckons  with  his  hand,  and  fmiles  on  me, 


As  who  mould  fay,  When  I  am  dead  and  gone^ 
Remember  to  avenge  me  on  the  French. 
Plantagenet,  I  will  •,  and  Nero-like, 
Play  on  the  lute,  beholding  the  towns  burn  : 
Wretched  mail  France  be  only  in  my  name. 

[Here  an  alarm,  and  it  thunders  and  lightens. 
What  ftir  is  this  ?  what  tumult's  in  the  heav'ns  ? 
Whence  cometh  this  alarum  and  this  noife  ? 

Enter  a  Mejfenger. 

Mejf.  My  lord,   my  lord,    the  French  have  gather'd 
head. 
The  Dauphin  with  one  Joan  la  Pucelle  join'd, 
A  holy  prophetefs  new  rifen  up, 
Is  come  with  a  great  power  to  raife  the  fiege. 

[Here  Salisbury  lifteth  himfelf  up,  and  groans. 
Tal  Hear,  hear,  how  dying  Salisbury  doth  groan ! 
It  irks  his  heart,  he  cannot  be  reveng'd. 
Frenchmen,  I'll  be  a  Salisbury  to  you. 
Pucelle  or  PuJ/el,  Dauphin  or  Dog-fijh, 
Your  hearts  I'll  flamp  out  with  my  Horfes  heels, 
And  make  a  quagmire  of  your  mingled  brains. 
Convey  brave  Salisbury  into  his  tent, 
And  then  we'll  try  what  daftard  Frenchmen  dare. 

[Alarum.     Exeunt,    bearing  Salisbury    and  Sfr 
Thomas1  Gargrave  out. 

Here  an  alarm  again ;  and  Talbot  purfueth  the  Dauphin, 
and  driveth  him :  then  enter  Joan  la  Pucelle,  driving 
Englifhmen  before  her.     Then  enter  Talbot. 

Tal.  Where  is  my  ftrength,  my  valour,  and  my  force  ? 
Our  Engli/h  troops  retire,  I  cannot  ftay  them  : 
A  woman,  clad  in  armour,  chafeth  them. 

3  Enter 


iz8  The  Ftrfi  <Part  of 

Enter  Pucelle. 

Here,  here,  (he  comes.     PJ1  have  a  bout  with  thee  ; 
Devil,  or  devil's  dam,  I'll  conjure  thee  : 
Blood  will  I  draw  on  thee,  thou  art  a  witch  ; 
And  ftraitway  give  thy  foul  to  him  thou  ferv'ft. 

Pucel  Come,    come,    'tis  only  I,  that  mufl  difgrace 
thee.  [They  fight. 

Tal.  Heavens,  can  you  fuffer  hell  fo  to  prevail  ? 
My  bread  I'll  burft  with  draining  of  my  courage, 
And  from  my  moulders  crack  my  arms  afunder, 
But  I  will  chaftife  this  high-minded  (trumpet. 

Pucel.  Talbot,  farewel,  thy  hour  is  not  yet  come, 
I  muft  go  victual  Orleans  forthwith. 

A  Jhort  alarum.     Then  enter  the  town  with  foldiers. 
O'ertake  me  if  thou  canft,  I  fcorn  thy  ftrength. 
Go,  go,  chear  up  thy  hunger-ftarved  men, 
Help  Salisbury  to  make  his  teftament: 
This  day  is  ours,  as  many  more  mail  be.     [Exit  Pucelle. 

Tal.  My  thoughts  are  whirled  like  a  potter's  wheel. 
I  know  not  where  I  am,  nor  what  I  do  : 
A  witch,  by  fear,  not  force,  like  Hannibal, 
Drives  back  our  troops,  and  conquers  as  (he  lifts. 
So  Bees  with  fmoak,  and  Doves  with  noifom  flench, 
Are  from  their  hives,  and  houfes,  driv'n  away. 
They  call'd  us  for  our  fiercenefs  Engli/h  dogs, 
Now,  like  their  whelps,  we  crying  run  away. 

[A  Jhort  alarum. 
Hark,  countrymen!  either  renew  the  fight, 
Or  tear  the  Lions  out  of  England's  Coat ; 
Renounce  your  foil,  give  Sheep  in  Lions  ftead : 
Sheep  run  not  half  fo  tim'rous  from  the  Wolf, 
Or  Horfe  or  Oxen  from  the  Leopard, 
As  you  fly  from  your  oft-fubdued  (laves. 

[Alarum.     Here  another  Skirmijh. 
It  will  not  be  :  retire  into  your  trenches : 
You  all  confented  unto  Salisbury's  death, 
For  none  would  ilrike  a  ftroke  in  his  revenge. 
Pucelle  is  enter'd  into  Orleans, 
In  fpight  of  us,  or  ought  that  we  could  do, 

2  O, 


King  Henry  VI.  129 

O,  would  I  were  to  die  with  Salisbury  ! 

The  fhame  hereof  will  make  me  hide  my  head. 

[  Exit  Talbot, 
[Alarum,  Retreat,  Flour ijh. 

Enter,  on  the  Wall,  Pucelle,  Dauphin,  Reignier,  Alanfon, 

and  Soldiers. 

Pucel.  Advance  our  waving  colours  on  the  walls, 
Refcu'd  is  Orleans  from  the  EngUJh  Wolves : 
Thus  Joan  la  Pucelle  hath  perform'd  her  word. 

Dau.  Divined  creature,  bright  Aftrea's  daughter, 
How  (hall  I  honour  thee  for  this  fuccefs ! 
Thy  promifes  are  like  Adonis'  Garden,  (10) 
That  one  day  bloom'd,  and  fruitful  were  the  next. 
France,  triumph  in  thy  glorious  prophetefs ! 

(10)  Thy  Promifes  are  like  Adonis'  Garden,]  This  is  a  piece  of  poetical 
Hiftory,  which,  I  own,  I  have  not  been  able  to  trace.  Alcinousi 
Garden,  in  the  Odyjfey,  has  fomething  in  it,  I  know,  that  might  counte- 
nance this  Simile  of  our  Author.  "  There  a  perpetual  Zephyr  blowing, 
"  Jo  me  Fruits  blojjomd,  others  'were  ripened,  by  zV." 

— — — — — AhXcl  {J.&K   Atiri 

But  our  Poet  fpeaks  here  locally  of  Adonis's  Garden,  as  Homer  there  does 
of  Alcinouss :  for  which  I  can  find  no  Warrant  in  any  antient  Writer. 
We  read,  'tis  true,  of  'AJW/JW  twiros,  but  they  were  moveable  Gardens 
In  Machine,  and  not  capable  of  fuch  Improvements.  In  the  Feftival 
celebrated  to  the  Memory  of  Adonis,  his  Image  was  carried  in  Pomp  ;  as 
were  alfo  certain  Shells,  or  VefTels,  fill'd  with  Earth,  in  which  feveral 
forts  of  Grain  and  Herbs  were  fown,  efpecially  Lettices :  becaufe  Adonis 
was  thought  to  have  been  laid  out  by  Venus  upon  a  Bed  of  Lettices.  This 
Plantation  was  made  fo  long  before  the  Feftival,  as  to  fprout  forth,  and 
be  green  at  that  time.  Theocritus,  I  remember,  defcribing  Arjinoe, 
Ptolemy  s  Queen,  in  her  Celebration  of  this  Feftival,  takes  notice  that 
file  had  prepar'd  thefe  Gardens  of  Adonis  in  filver  Flaskets  : 

rifiCf  cP  ATTAKoi  Kawqi  i7rzjvhd,y  pivot  \v  TaKd,$i<rKQi{ 

Afyufiote. 
This  Species  of  portable  Gardens  in  Honour  of  Adonis  (a  Superftition,  that 
has  been  varioufly  explain'd;)  is  mentioned  by  Theophrajius,  Arijiotle, 
Plato,  Paufanias,  Athenaus,  Eujiathius,  and  a  Croud  of  Authors  more , 
who  are  quoted  by  Caflellanus,  and  Meurjtus  in  his  Gracia  Feriata.  To 
any  other  Garden  belonging  to  Adonis,  I  am  utterly  a  ftranger.  What 
Author  our  Shakefpeare  traded  with  for  this  Hint,  I  cannot  pretend  to 
fay  :  nor  dare  I,  on  the  other  hand,  afTert,  that  his  Mind  was  on  Ala- 
rms, tho  his  Copies  all  exhibit  Adonis.    J'u  /*a-yi  OU  f&tP  <rf-HUj 

Vol.  IV.  I  ^***-  Re. 


1 30  The  Firjt  Tart  of 

Recover'd  is  the  town  of  Orleans ; 

More  bleffed  hap  did  ne'er  befal  our  ftate. 

Reig.  Why  ring  not  out  the  bells  throughout  the  town? 
Dauphin,  command  the  citizens  make  bonfires, 
And  feaft  and  banquet  in  the  open  flreets; 
To  celebrate  the  joy,  that  God  hath  giv'n  us. 

Alan.  All  France  will  be  replete  with  mirth  and  joy, 
When  they  mall  hear  how  we  have  play'd  the  men. 

Dan.  'Tis  Joan,  not  we,  by  whom  the  day  is  won : 
For  which  I  will  divide  my  Crown  with  her  i 
And  all  the  priefts  and  friers  in  my  realm 
Shall  in  procefTion  fing  her  endlefs  praife. 
A  ftatelier  pyramid  to  her  I'll  rear, 
Than  Rhodope's  or  Memphis  ever  was ! 
In  memory  of  her,  when  me  is  dead, 
Her  afhes,  in  an  urn  more  precious 
Than  the  rich-jewel'd  coffer  of  Darius^  (i  i) 
Transported  fhall  be  at  high  feftivals, 
Before  the  Kings  and  Queens  of  France. 
No  longer  on  St.  Dennis  will  we  cry, 
But  Joan  la  Pucelle  fhall  be  France's  Saint. 
Come  in,  and  let  us  banquet  royally, 
After  this  golden  day  of  victory.         [Flourljh.     Exeunt. 

(i  i)  ■    .Coffer  of  Darius]     When  Alexander  the  Great  took 

the  City  Gaza,  the  Metropolis  of  Syria,  amidft  the  other  Spoils  and 
Wealth  of  Darius  treafur'd  up  there,  he  found  an  exceeding  rich  and 
beautiful  little  Cheft,  or  Casket.  Having  furvey'd  the  angular  Rarity  of 
it,  and  ask'd  thofe  about  him  what  they  thought  fitteft  to  be  laid  up 
in  it ;  when  they  had  feverally  deliver'd  their  Opinions,  he  told  them, 
He  efteem'd  nothing  fo  worthy  to  be  preferv'd  in  it  as  Homers  Iliads. 
Vide  Pkttarchum  in  Vita  Akxand.  Magni. 


ACT 


King  Henry  VI. 


MV 


ACT    IL 

SCENE,  before  Orleans; 

Enter  a  Serjeant  of  a  Band,  with  two  Centinels. 

Se  R  J  E  A  NT. 

IRS,  take  your  places,  and  be  vigilant : 
If  any  noife  or  foldier  you  perceive 
Near  to  the  wall,  by  fome  apparent  fign 
Let  us  have  knowledge  at    the  court  of 
guard. 

Cent.  Serjeant,  you  fhall.    Thus  are  poor  fervitors 
(When  others  deep  upon  their  quiet  beds) 
Conftrain'd  to  watch  in  darknefs,  rain,  and  cold. 

Enter  Talbot,    Bedford,    and  Burgundy,     with  fcaling 
ladders,     Their  drums  beating  a  dead  march. 

Tal.  Lord  Regent,  and  redoubted  Burgundy, 
By  whofe  approach  the  regions  of  Artois, 
Walloon,  and  Picardy  are  friends  to  us  -, 
This  happy  night  the  Frenchmen  are  fecure, 
Having  all  day  carous'd  and  banquetted. 
Embrace  we  then  this  opportunity, 
As  fitting  beft  to  quittance  their  .deceit, 
Contriv'd  by  art  and  baleful  forcery. 

Bed.  Coward  of  Francs  •,    how   much  he  wrongs  his 
Defpairing  of  his  own  arms  fortitude,  [fame, 

To  join  with  witches  and  the  help  of  hell ! 

Bur.  Traitors  have  never  other  company. 
But  what's  that  Pucelle,  whom  they  term  fo  pure  ? 

Tal.  A  maid,  they  fay. 

Bed.  A  maid  ?  and  be  fo  martial  ? 

I  2  Bur* 


1 3  i  the  Firjl  Tart  of 

Bur.  Pray  God,  fhe  prove  not  mafculine  ere  long, 
If  underneath  the  ftandard  of  the  French 
She  carry  armour,  as  fhe  hath  begun. 

Tal.  Well,  let  them  pracllfe  and  converfe  with  fpirits ; 
God  is  our  fortrefs,  in  whofe  conqu'ring  name 
Let  us  refolve  to  fcale  their  flinty  bulwarks. 

Bed.  Afcend,  brave  Talbot,  we  will  follow  thee. 

Tal.  Not  all  together :  better  far  I  guefs, 
That  we  do  make  our  entrance  feveral  ways : 
That  if  it  chance  the  one  of  us  do  fail, 
The  other  yet  may  rife  againft  their  force. 

Bed.  Agreed  •,  I'll  to  yon  corner. 

Bur.  I  to  this. 

Tal.  And  here  will  Talbot  mount,  or  make  his  grave. 
Now,   Salisbury!  for  thee  and  for  the  right 
Of  Englifh  Henry,  fhall  this  night  appear 
How  much  in  duty  I  am  bound  to  both. 

Cent,    [within.']    Arm,    arm  *,    the  enemy  doth  make 
aftault. 

[The  Englifh,  fcaling  the  Walls,  Cry,  St.  George! 
A  Talbot !  ' 

The  French  leap  o'er  the  walls  in  their  Jhirts.  Enter,  feveral 
ways,  Bafiard,  Alanfon,  Reignier,  half  ready  and  half 
unready. 

Alan.  How  now,  my  lords?  what  all  unready  fo  ? 

Baft.  Unready  ?  I,  and  glad  we  'fcap'd  fo  well. 

Reig.  'Twas  time,  I  trow,  to  wake  and  leave  our  beds; 
Hearing  alarums  at  our  chamber  doors. 

Alan.  Of  all  exploits,  fince  firft  I  follow'd  arms^ 
Ne'er  heard  I  of  a  warlike  enterprize 
More  venturous,  or  defperate  than  this. 

Baft.  I  think,  this  Talbot  is  a  fiend  of  hell. 

Reig.  If  not  of  hell,  the  heav'ns,  fure,  favour  him. 

Alan.  Here  cometh  Charles,  I  marvel  how  he  fped. 

Enter  Charles  and  Joan. 

Baft.  Tut !  holy  Joan  was  his  defenfive  guard. 
Char,  Is  this  thy  cunning,  thou  deceitful  dame  ? 
Pidft  thou  at  firft,  to  flatter  us  withal, 

Make 


King  Henry  YL  135 

Make  us  partakers  of  a  little  gain  ; 

That  now  our  lofs  might  be  ten  times  as  much  ? 

Pucel  Wherefore  is  Charles  impatient  with  his  friend  ? 
At  all  times  will  you  have  my  pow'r  alike  ? 
Sleeping,  or  waking,  mud  I  ftill  prevail  ? 
Or  will  you  blame  and  lay  the  fault  on  me  ? 
Improvident  foldiers,  had  your  watch  been  good, 
This  fudden  mifchief  never  could  have  fal'n. 

Char.  Duke  of  Alanfon,  this  was  your  default, 
That,  being  captain  of  the  watch  to  night, 
Did  look  no  better  to  that  weighty  charge. 

Alan.  Had  all  your  quarters  been  as  fafely  kept, 
As  that  whereof  I  had  the  government, 
We  had  not  been  thus  fhamefully  furpriz'd. 

Baft.  Mine  was  fecure. 

Reig.  And  fo  was  mine,  my  lord. 

Char.  And  for  my  felf,  molt  part  of  all  this  night, 
Within  her  quarter,  and  mine  own  precinct, 
I  was  employ'd  in  pafling  to  and  fro, 
About  relieving  of  the  centinels. 
Then  how,  or  which  way,  mould  they  firft  break  in  ? 

Pucel.  Queftion,  my  lords,  no  further  of  the  cafe, 
How,  or  which  way  •,  'tis  fure,  they  found  fome  part 
But  weakly  guarded,  where  the  breach  was  made : 
And  now  there  reds  no  other  fhift  but  this, 
To  gather  our  foldiers,  fcatter'd  and  difperft, 
And  lay  new  platforms  to  endamage  them.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE,  within  the  Walls  of  Orleans. 

Alarum.     Enter  a  Soldier  crying,   a  Talbot !    a  Talbot ! 
they  flyy  leaving  their  clothes  behind. 

Sol  I'LL  be  fo  bold  to  take  what  they  have  left : 

JL  The  cry  of  Talbot  ferves  me  for  a  fword, 
For  1  have  loaden  me  with  many  fpoils, 
Ufing  no  other  weapon  but  his  name.  [Exit. 

I  ?  Enter 


>34  The  Ftrji  Tart  of 

Enter  Talbot,  Bedford,  and  Burgundy. 

B'd.  The  day  begins  to  break,  and  night  is  fled, 
Whofe  pitchy  mantle  over-veil'd  the  earth. 
Here  found  retreat,  and  ceafe  our  hot  purfuit.      [Retreat. 

Tal.  Bring  forth  the  body  of  old  Salisbury, 
And  here  advance  it  in  the  market  place, 
The  middle  centre  of  this  curfed  town. 
Now  have  I  pay'd  my  vow  unto  his  foul : 
Forev'ry  drop  of  blood  was  drawn  from  him, 
There  have  at  leaft  five  Frenchmen  dy'd  to  night. 
And  that  hereafter  ages  may  behold 
What  ruin  happen'din  revenge  of  him, 
"Within  their  chiefeft  temple  I'll  erect 
A  tomb,  wherein  his  corps  fhall  be  interr'd  : 
Upon  the  which,  that  every  one  may  read, 
Shall  be  engrav'd  the  Sack  of  Orleans  -, 
The  treach'rous  manner  of  his  mournful  death, 
And  what  a  terror  he  had  been  to  France. 
But,  lords,  in  all  our  bloody  mafTacre, 
I  mufe,  we  met  not  with  the  Dauphin's  Grace, 
His  new-come  champion,  virtuous  Joan  of  Arc , 
Nor  any  of  his  falfe  confederates. 

Bed.  'Tis  thought,  lord  'Talbot,  when  the  fight  began, 
Rous'd  on  the  fudden  from  their  drowfy  beds, 
They  did  amongft  the  troops  of  armed  men 
Leap  o'er  the  walls,  for  refuge  in  the  field. 

Bur.  My  felf,  as  far  as  I  could  well  difcern 
For  fmoak  and  dufky  vapours  of  the  night, 
Am  fure,  I  fcar'd  the  Dauphin  and  his  trull  : '    . 
When,  arm  in  arm,  they  both  came  fwiftly  running, 
Like  to  a  pair  of  loving  Turtle  Doves, 
That  could  not  live  afunder  day  or  night. 
After  that  things  are  fet  in  order  here, 
We'll  follow  them  with  all  the  pow'r  we  have. 

Enter  a  Mejfenger. 

Mejf.  All  hail,    my  lords ;  which  of  this  princely  train 
Call  ye  the  warlike  Talbot,  for  his  acts 
So  much  applauded  through  the  realm  of  France  ? 

Tal 


King  Henry  -VI.  13  7 

Tal.  Here  is  the  Talbot,  who  would  fpeak  with  him  ? 

Mejf.  The  virtuous  lady,  Countefs  of  Auvergne, 
With  modefty,  admiring  thy  renown, 
By  me  intreats,  great  lord,  thou  would'ft  vouchfafe 
To  vifit  her  poor  Caftle  where  fhe  lyes  ; 
That  fhe  may  boaft  fhe  hath  beheld  the  man, 
Whofe  glory  fills  the  world  with  loud  report. 

Bur.  Is  it  ev'n  fo  ?  nay,  then,  I  fee,  our  wars 
Will  turn  into  a  peaceful  comick  fport ; 
When  ladies  crave  to  be  encounter'd  with. 
You  can't,  my  lord,  defpife  her  gentle  fuit. 

Tal.  Ne'er  truft  me  then  ;  for  when  a  world  of  men 
Could  not  prevail  with  all  their  oratory, 
Yet  hath  a  woman's  kindnefs  over-rul'ch 
And  therefore  tell  her,  I  return  great  thanks ; 
And  in  fubmiflion  will  attend  on  her. 
Will  not  your  honours  bear  me  company  ? 

Bed.  No,  truly,  that  is  more  than  manners  will : 
And  I  have  heard  it  faid,  unbidden  guefts 
Are  often  welcomeft  when  they  are  gone. 

Tal.  Well  then,  alone,  fince  there's  no  remedy, 
I  mean  to  prove  this  lady's  courtefy. 
Come  hither,  captain  ;  you  perceive  my  mind.  [IVbifpers. 

Capt.  I  do,  my  lord,  and  mean  accordingly.    [Exeunt. 

SCENE,  the  Countefs  of  Auvergne'*  Caftle. 

Enter  the  Countefs,  and  her  Porter. 

Ccz/z^.TTJORTER,  remember  what  I  gave  in  charge  ; 
JL     And,    when  you've  done  fo,   bring  the  keys 
to  me. 
Port.  Madam,  I  will.  [Exit. 

Count.  The  plot  is  laid  :  if  all  things  fall  out  righc, 
I  (hall  as  famous  be  by  this  exploit, 
As  Scythian  Tomyris  by  Cyrus9  death. 
Great  is  the  rumour  of  this  dreadful  Knight, 
And  his  atchievements  of  no  lefs  account : 
Fain  would  mine  eyes  be  witnefs  with  mine  ears, 
To  give  their  cenfure  of  thefe  rare  reports. 

I  4  Enter 


i3<5  The  Ftrji  Tart  of 

Enter  Mejfsnger  and  Talbot. 

Mejf.  Madam,  according  as  your  ladyfhip 
By  meflfage  crav'd,   fo  is  lord  "Talbot  come. 

Count,  And  he  is  welcome  j  what !    is  this  the  man  ? 

Mejf.  Madam,  it  is. 

Count.  Is  this  the  fcourge  of  France  ? 
Is  this  the  Talbot  fo  much  fear'd  abroad, 
That  with  his  name  the  mothers  ftill  their  babes  ?  (12) 
I  fee,  report  is  fabulous  and  falfe. 
I  thought,  I  mould  have  feen  fome  Hercules  ; 
A  fecond  Heel 'or ,  for  his  grim  afpecl, 
And  large  proportion  of  his  ftrong-knit  limbs. 
Alas  !  this  is  a  child,  a  filly  dwarf : 
It  cannot  be,  this  weak  and  writhled  Shrimp 
Should  ftrike  fuch  terror  in  his  enemies. 

Tal.  Madam,  I  have  been  bold  to  trouble  you : 
But  fince  your  ladyfhip  is  not  at  leifure, 
I'll  fort  fome  other  time  to  vifit  you.  [goes» 

Count.  What  means  he  now  ?    Go  ask  him,  whither  he 

Mejf.   Stay,   my  lord  Talbot  ;  for  my  lady  craves 
To  know  the  caufe  of  your  abrupt  departure. 

Tal.  Marry,  for  that  fhe's  in  a  wrong  belief, 
I  go  to  certifie  her,  Talbot's  here.  = 

Enter  Porter  with  keys. 

Count.  If  thou  be  he,  then  art  thou  prifoner. 

Tal.  Pris'ner  ?  to  whom  ? 

Count.  To  me,  blood- thirfty  lord  : 
And  for  that  caufe  I  train'd  thee  to  my  houfe. 
Long  time  thy  iliadow  hath  been  thrall  to  me, 

(1 2)  That  with  bis  Name  the  Mothers  ftill  their  Babes  ?]  This  De- 
fcription  of  the  Terror,  which  'Talbot  ftruck  into  the  French,  feems  to 
me  to  be  ridicul'd  by  Beaumont  and  Fletcher  in  their  Knight  of  the 
Burning  Pejile,  in  which  feveral  other  paffages  of  our  Author  are  fneer*d 
at : 

We* II  fear  our  Children  with  him ; 

Jf  they  be  nenjer  Jo  unruly,  do  but  cry, 

Ralph  comes  !  Ralph  comes  !  to  them  5 

And  they  II  be  as  quiet  as  Lambs. 

For 


King  Henry  VI.  V37- 

For  in  my  gallery  thy  picture  hangs : 
But  now  the  fubftance  fhall  endure  the  like, 
And  I  will  chain  thefe  legs  and  arms  of  thine, 
That  haft  by  tyranny  thefe  many  years 
Wafted  our  country,   flain  our  citizens, 
And  fent  our  fons  and  husbands  captivate. 

Tal.  Ha,  ha,  ha.  [moan. 

Count.,  Laugheft  thou,  wretch?  thy  mirth  fhall  turn  to 

Tal.  I  laugh  to  fee  your  ladyfhip  fo  fond, 
To  think,  that  you  have  aught  but  Talbot's  fhadow 
Whereon  to  practife  your  feverity. 

Count.  Why  ?  art  not  thou  the  man  ? 

Tal.  I  am,  indeed. 

Count.  Then  have  I  fubftance  too. 

Tal.  No,  no,  I  am  but  fhadow  of  my  felf : 
You  are  deceiv'd,   my  fubftance  is  not  here  ; 
For  what  you  fee,  is  but  the  fmalleft  part 
And  leaft  proportion  of  humanity  : 
I  tell  you,  Madam,  were  the  whole  frame  here, 
It  is  of  fuch  a  fpacious  lofty  pitch, 
Your  roof  were  not  fufficient  to  contain  it. 

Count.  This  is  a  riddling  merchant  for  the  nonce  ; 
,He  will  be  here,  and  yet  he  is  not  here : 
How  can  thefe  contrarieties  agree  ? 

Tal.  That  will  I  fhew  you  prefently. 

Winds  his  horn  \  drums  ftrike  up  \  a  peal  of  Ordnance.    Enter 

Soldiers. 

How  fay  you,  Madam  ?    are  you  now  perfuaded, 
That  Talbot  is  but  fhadow  of  himfelf  ? 
Thefe  are  his  fubftance,  finews,  arms  and  ftrength, 
With  which  he  yoaketh  your  rebellious  necks  ; 
Razeth  your  cities,  and  fubverts  your  towns  \ 
And  in  a  moment  makes  them  defolate. 

Count.  Victorious  Talbot ,  pardon  my  abufe  ; 
I  find,  thou  art  no  lefs  than  fame  hath  bruited, 
And  more  than  may  be  gather'd  by  thy  fhape. 
Let  my  prefumption  not  provoke  thy  wrath  \ 
For,  I  am  forry,  that  with  reverence 
I  did  not  entertain  thee  as  thou  art. 


%  5  8  The  Firfi  Tart  of 

Tal.  Be  not  difmay'd,  fair  lady  ;  nor  mifconftrue 
The  mind  of  Talbot,  as  you  did  miftake 
The  outward  compofition  of  his  body. 
What  you  have  done,  hath  not  offended  me : 
Nor  other  fatisfadlion  do  I  crave, 
But  only  with  your  patience  that  we  may 
Tafte  of  your  wine,  and  fee  what  cates  you  have  ; 
For  foldiers  ftomachs  always  ferve  them  well. 

Count.  With  all  my  heart,  and  think  me  honoured 
To  feaft  fo  great  a  warrior  in  my  houfe.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE    changes  to   London,    in   the  Temple 

garden. 

Enter  Richard  Plantagenet,  Warwick,  Somerfet,  Suffolk, 

and  others. 

Plan.  ^^Reat  lords  and  gentlemen,   what  means  this 

Vj  filence  ? 

Dare  no  man  anfwer  in  a  cafe  of  truth  ? 

Suf  Within  the  Temple-hall  we  were  too  loud, 
The  garden  here  is  more  convenient. 

Plan.  Then  fay  at  once,  if  I  maintain'd  the  truth  : 
Or  elfe  was  wrangling  Somerfet  in  th'  error  ?. 

Suf.  Faith,  I  have  been  a  truant  in  the  law  ; 
I  never  yet  could  frame  my  will  to  it, 
And  therefore  frame  the  law  unto  my  will. 

Som.  Judge  you,  my  lord  of  Warwick^  then  between  us. 

War.  Between  two  hawks,  which  flies  the  higher  pitch  j 
Between  two  dogs,  which  hath  the  deeper  mouth  ; 
Between  two  blades,  which  bears  the  better  temper  ; 
Between  two  horfes,  which  doth  bear  him  beft  *, 
Between  two  girls,  which  hath  the  merrieft  eye  ; 
I  have,  perhaps,  fome  mallow  fpirit  of  judgment : 
But  in  thefe  nice  fharp  quillets  of  the  law, 
Good  faith,  I  am  no  wifer  than  a  daw. 

Plan.  Tut,  tut,  here  is  a  mannerly  forbearance. 
The  truth  appears  fo  naked  on  my  fide,. 
That  any  pur-blind  eye  may  find  it  out. 

%  Som. 


King  Hehry  VI.  137 

Som.  And  on  my  fide  it  is  fo  well  apparell'd, 
So  clear,  fo  fhining,    and  fo  evident, 
That  it  will  glimmer  through  a  blind  man's  eye. 

Plan.  Since  you  are  tongue-ty'd,  and  fo  loth  to  fpeak, 
In  dumb  fignificants  proclaim  your  thoughts  : 
Let  him,  that  is  a  true-born  gentleman, 
And  ftands  upon  the  honour  of  his  birth, 
If  he  fuppofe  that  I  have  pleaded  truth, 
From  off  this  briar  pluck  a  white  rofe  with  me. 

Sum.  Let  him  that  is  no  coward,  and  no  flatterer, 
But  dare  maintain  the  party  of  the  truth, 
Pluck  a  red  rofe  from  off  this  thorn  with  me. 

War.  I  love  no  colours  ;  and  without  all  colour 
Of  bafe  infinuating  flattery, 
I  pluck  this  white  rofe  with  Plant  agenet. 

Suf.  I  pluck  this  red  rofe  with  young  Somerfet^ 
And  fay  withal,  I  think,  he  held  the  right. 

Ver.  Stay,  lords  and  gentlemen,  and  pluck  no  more, 
'Till  you  conclude,  that  he,  upon  whofe  fide 
The  feweft  rofes  are  crop'd  from  the  tree, 
Shall-  yield  the  other  in  the  right  opinion. 

Som.  Good  mafter  Vernon^  it  is  well  objected  ; 
If  I  have  feweft,   I  fubferibe  in  filence. 

Plan.  And  I. 

Ver.  Then  for  the  truth  and  plainnefs  of  the  cafe, 
I  pluck  this  pale  and  maiden  blofTom  here, 
Giving  my  verdict  on  the  white  rofe  fide. 

Som.  Prick  not  your  ringer  as  you  pluck  it  off, 
Left,  bleeding,  you  do  paint  the  white  rofe  red  ; 
And  fall  on  my  fide  fo  againft  your  will. 

Ver,  If  I,  my  lord,  for  my  opinion  bleed, 
Opinion  mall  be  furgeon  to  my  hurt ; 
And  keep  me  on  the  fide,  where  flill  I  am. 

Som.  Well,  well,  come  on  •,  who  elfe? 

Lawyer.  Unlefs  my  ftudy  and  my  books  be  falfe, 
The  argument,  you  held,  was  wrong  in  you  ; 

[To  Somerfet. 
In  fign  whereof  I  pluck  a  white  rofe  too. 

Plan.  Now,  So?nerfet9  where  is  your  argument  ? 

Som. 


140  The  Firji  Tart  of 

Som.  Here  in  my  fcabbard,  meditating  that 
Shall  dye  your  white  rofe  to  a  bloody  red. 

Plan.  Mean  time,    your    cheeks    do    counterfeit  our 
Rofes  ; 
For  pale  they  look  with  fear,  as  witnefling 
The  truth  on  our  fide. 

Som.  No,  Plantagenet, 
'Tis  not  for  fear,  but  anger,  that  thy  cheeks 
Blufh  for  pure  fhame  to  counterfeit  our  Rofes  ; 
And  yet  thy  tongue  will  not  confefs  thy  error. 

Plan.  Hath  not  thy  Rofe  a  canker,  Somerfet  ? 

Som.  Hath  not  thy  Rofe  a  thorn,  Plantagenet  ? 

Plan.  Ay,  {harp  and  piercing  to  maintain  his  truth  ; 
Whiles  thy  confuming  canker  eats  his  falfhood. 

Som.  Well,  I'll  find  friends  to  wear  my  bleeding  Rofes, 
That  fhall  maintain  what  I  have  faid  is  true, 
Where  falfe  Plantagenet  dare  nor  be  feen. 

Plan.  Now  by  this  maiden  blofTom  in  my  hand, 
I  fcorn  thee  and  thy  Faction,  peevifh  boy.  (13) 

Sitf.  Turn  not  thy  fcorns  this  way,  Plantagenet. 

Plan.  Proud  Pool,  I  will  •,  and  fcorn  both  him  and  thee. 

Suf.  I'll  turn  my  part  thereof  into  thy  throat. 

So m.  Away,  away,  good  William  de  la  Pool ! 
We  grace  the  Yeoman  by  converfing  with  him. 

War.  Now,  by  God's  will,  thou  wrong' ft  him,  Somerfet. 
His  grandfather  was  Lionel  Duke  of  Clarence, 
Third  fon  to  the  third  Ed-ward  King  of   England  : 
Spring  creftlefs  Yeomen  from  fo  deep  a  root  ? 

(13)  J  fcorn  thee  and  thy  paflion,  pee-oijb  hoy.]  The  old  Copies  read, 
Fafhion  :  which  the  Epithet  pee-vi/h,  I  prefume,  indue'd  Mr.  Pope  to 
change  into  Pajfwn.  But  I  dare  fay,  I  have  reitor'd  the  true  Word, 
Taftion  :  i.  e.  I  fcorn  thee,  and  thofe  that  uphold  thee.  Somerfet  had 
iaid  but  juft  before, 

Well,    P II find  Friends  to  'wear  my  bleeding  Rofes. 
And  Plantagenet  lays  a  little  after ; 

■         this  pale  and  angry  Rofe 

Will  I  for  enjer  and  my  Fa&ion  wear  ; 
Befides,  if  FaStion  were  not  the  true   Reading,    why  mould  Suffolk  im- 
mediately reply, 

turn  not  thy  Scorns  this  way,  Plantagenet  ? 

a  Plan. 


King  Henry  VI.  141 

Plan.  He  bears  him  on  the  place's  privilege, 
Or  durft  not  for  his  craven  heart  fay  thus. 

Som.  By  him  that  made  me,  I'll  maintain  my  words 
On  any  plot  of  ground  in  Chriftendom. 
Was  not  thy  father,  Richard,  Earl  of  Cambridge, 
For  treafon  headed  in  our  late  King's  days  ? 
And  by  his  treafon  ftand'ft  not  thou  attainted, 
Corrupted  and  exempt  from  antient  gentry  ? 
His  trefpafs  yet  lives  guilty  in  thy  blood ; 
And,  till  thou  be  reftor'd,  thou  art  a  yeoman. 

Plan.  My  father  was  attached,  not  attainted  -9 
Condemn'd  to  die  for  treafon,  but  no  traitor  •, 
And  that  I'll  prove  on  better  men  than  Somerfet, 
Were  growing  time  once  ripen'd  to  my  will. 
For  your  partaker  Pool,  and  you  your  felf, 
I'll  note  you  in  my  book  of  memory, 
To  fcourge  you  for  this  reprehenfion  ;  (14) 
Look  to  it  well,  and  fay,  you  are  well  warn'd. 

Som.  Ah,  thou  fhalt  find  us  ready  for  thee  ftill, 
And  know  us  by  thefe  colours  for  thy  foes : 
For  thefe  my  friends,  in  fpight  of  thee,  fhall  wear. 

Plan.  And  by  my  foul,  this  pale  and  angry  rofe, 
As  cognizance  of  my  blood-drinking  hate, 
Will  I  for  ever  and  my  faction  wear  •, 
Until  it  wither  with  me  to  my  grave, 
Or  flourifli  to  the  height  of  my  degree. 

Suf.  Go  forward,  and  be  choak'd  with  thy  ambition : 
And  fo  farewel,  until  I  meet  thee  next.  [Exit. 

Som.  Have    with    thee,    Pool :     farewel ,    ambitious 
Richard.  [Exit. 

Plan.  How   I   am    brav'd,     and    muft  perforce  en- 
dure it ! 

War.  This  blot,  that  they  object  againft  your  houfe, 
Shall  be  wip'd  out  in  the  next  Parliament, 

(14)  To  fcourge  you  for  this  Apprehenfion.]  Tho'  this  Word  potfeflcs 
all  the  Copies,  I  am  perfwaded,  it  did  not  come  from  the  Author.  I 
have  ventur'd  to  read,  Reprebenjion  :  and  Plantagenet  means,  that  Somer- 
fet  had  reprehended  or  reproach'd  him  with  his  father  the  Earl  of  Cam- 
iridtfi  Treafon,        *    i  v .  0 fUtvl&f^ .  W*rb  : 

Call'd 


(-/; 


14*  The  Firjh  Tart  of 

CalPd  for  the  truce  of  Winchefter  and  Gloucejler : 
And  if  thou  be  not  then  created  Tcrk9 
I  will  riot-  live  to  be  accounted  Warwick. 
Mean  time,  in  fignal  of  my  love  to  thee, 
Againft  proud  Somerfet  and  William  Pool, 
Will  I  upon  thy  party  wear  this  rofe. 
And  here  I  prophefie  ;  this  brawl  to  day, 
Grown  to  this  faction,  in  the  Temple-garden, 
Shall  fend,  between  the  red  rofe  and  the  white, 
A  thoufand  fouls  to  death  and  deadly  night. 

Plan.  Good  mailer  Vernon,  I  am  bound  to  you ; 
That  you  on  my  behalf  would  pluck  a  flow'r. 

Ver.  In  your  behalf  ftill  will  I  wear  the  fame. 

Lawyer.  And  fo  will  I. 

Plan.  Thanks,  gentle  Sir. 
Come,  let  us  four  to  dinner ;   I  dare  fay, 
This  quarrel  will  drink  blood  another  day,  [Exeunt. 

SCENE,  a  Prifon. 

Enter  Mortimer,  brought  in  a  chair,  and  jailors. 

Mor.  TL^IND  keepers  of  my  weak  decaying  age,  (15) 

J\^  Let  dying  Mortimer  here  reft  himfelf. 
Ev'n  like  a  man  new  haled  from  the  rack, 
So  fare  my  limbs  with  long  imprifonment : 

(15)  This  Edmund  Mortimer,  when  K.  Richard  II.  fet  out  upon  his  fa- 
tal MJh  Expedition,  was  declared  by  that  Prince  Heir  Apparent  to  the 
Crown  :  for  which  Reafon  K.  Henry  IV.  and  V.  took  Care  to  keep  him 
in  Prifon  during  their  whole  Reigns.  Mortimer's  Pretenfions  to  the  Crown, 
by  Defcent,  in  Right  of  his  Mother,  flood  thus. 

King  Ednvard  III. 

! 

Lionel,  Duke  of  Clarence. 


*hilippa, 


(who  married  Edmond 

Mortimer,  Earl  of  Match.) 
Roger,   Earl  of  March. 

I 

Edmund  Mortimer. 

And 


King  Henry  VL  M£ 

And  thefe  grey  locks,  the  purfuivants  of  death, 

Neftor-Uke  aged  in  an  age  of  care, 

Argue  the  end  of  Edmund  Mortimer. 

Thefe  eyes,  like  lamps  whofe  wafting  oil  is  fpent, 

Wax  dim,  as  drawing  to  their  exigent. 

Weak  moulders  over- born  with  burthening  grief, 

And  pithlefs  arms,  like  to  a  wither'd  vine 

That  droops  his  faplefs  branches  to  the  ground  : 

Yet  are  thefe  feet,  whofe  ftrengthlefs  flay  is  numb, 

(Unable  to  fupport  this  lump  of  clay) 

Swift-winged  with  defire  to  get  a  grave  ; 

As  witting,  I  no  other  comfort  have. 

But  tell  me,  keeper,  will  my  nephew  come  ? 

Keep.  Richard  Plantagenet,  my  lord,  will  come  m9 
We  fent  unto  the  Temple,  to  his  chamber ; 
And  anfwer  was  return'd,  that  he  will  come. 

Mor.  Enough  5  my  foul  then  fhall  be  fatisfy'd. 
Poor  gentleman,  his  wrong  doth  equal  mine. 
Since  Henry  Monmouth  firft  began  to  reign, 
(Before  whofe  glory  I  was  great  in  armsj 
This  loathfom  fequeftration  have  I  had ; 
And,  ev'n  fince  then,  hath  Richard  been  obfcur'd, 
Depriv'd  of  honour  and  inheritance. 
But  now  the  arbitrator  of  defpairs, 
Juft  death,  kind  umpire  of  men's  miferies, 
With  fweet  enlargement  doth  difmifs  me  hence, 
I  would,  his  troubles  likewife  were  expir'd, 
That  fo  he  might  recover  what  was  loft ! 

Enter  Richard  Plantagenet. 

Keep.  My  lord,  your  loving  nephew  now  is  come. 

Mor.  Richard  Plantagenet,  my  friend,  is  he  come  ? 

Plan.  I,   noble  uncle,  thus  ignobly  us'd, 
Your  nephew,  late-defpifed  Richard,  comes. 

Mor.  Direct  mine  arms,  I  may  embrace  his  neck, 
And  in  his  bofom  fpend  my  lateft  gafp. 
Oh,  tell  me,  when  my  lips  do  touch  his  cheeks ; 
That  I  may  kindly  give  one  fainting  kifs. 
And  now  declare,  fweet  ftem  from  Tork's  great  ftock, 
Why  didft  thou  fay,  of  late  thou  wert  defpis'd  ? 

Plan. 


Y44  The  Firjl  Wart  of 

Plan.  Firft,  lean  thine  aged  back  againft  mine  arm, 
And  in  that  eafe  I'll  tell  thee  my  Difeafe. 
This  day,  in  argument  upon  a  cafe, 
Some  words  there  grew  'twixt  Somerfet  and  me : 
Amongft  which  terms  he  us'd  his  lavifh  tongue, 
And  did  upbraid  me  with  my  father's  death  ; 
Which  obloquy  fet  bars  before  my  tongue, 
Elfe  with  the  like  I  had  requited  him. 
Therefore,  good  uncle,  for  my  father's  fake, 
In  honour  of  a  true  Plantagenet, 
And  for  alliance  fake,  declare  the  caufe 
My  father  Earl  of  Cambridge  loft  his  head. 

Mor.  This  caufe,  fair  nephew,  that  imprifon'd  me  ; 
And  hath  detain'd  me  all  my  fiow'ring  youth 
Within  a  loathfome  dungeon  there  to  pine, 
Was  curfed  inftrument  of  his  deceafe. 

Plant  Difcover  more  at  large  what  caufe  that  was. 
For  I  am  ignorant  and  cannot  guefs. 

Mor.  I  will,  if  that  my  fading  breath  permit  5 
And  death  approach  not,  ere  my  tale  be  done. 
Henry  the  Fourth,  grandfather  to  this  King, 
Depos'd  his  couiin  Richard,  Edward's  fon  ; 
The  firft-begotten,  and  the  lawful  heir 
Of  Edward  King,  the  third  of  that  defcent. 
During  whofe  reign  the  Percies  of  the  north,    , 
Finding  his  ufurpation  moll  unjuft, 
Endeavour'd  my  advancement  to  the  throne. 
The  reafon  mov'd  theie  warlike  lords  to  this, 
Was,  for  that  young  King  Richard  thus  remov'd, 
Leaving  no  heir  begotten  of  his  body, 
I  was  the  next  by  birth  and  parentage  : 
For  by  my  mother  1  derived  am 
From  Lionel  Duke  of  Clarence,  the  third  fon 
To  the  Third  Edward  ♦,  whereas  Bolingbroke 
From  John  of  Gaunt  doth  bring  his  pedigree, 
Being  but  the  fourth  of  that  heroick  Line. 
But  mark  ;  as  in  this  haughty  great  attempt 
They  laboured  to  plant  the  rightful  heir  \ 
I  loft  my  liberty,  and  they  their  lives. 
Long  after  this,  when  Henry  the  Fifth 

Afte 


■ 


King  Henry  VI.  14J 

After  his  father  Bolingbroke  did  reign, 

Thy  father,  Earl  of  Cambridge,  ("then  deriv'd 

From  famous  Edmund  Langley,  Duke  of  Tork± 

Marrying  my  filler,  that  thy  mother  was  ;) 

Again  in  pity  of  my  hard  diftrefs 

Levied  an  army,  weening  to  redeem 

And  re-inftal  me  in  the  Diadem  : 

But  as  the  reft,  fo  fell  that  noble  Earl, 

And  was  beheaded.     Thus  the  Mortimers, 

In  whom  the  title  reded,  were  fuppreft. 

Plan.  Of  which,  my  lord,  your  Honour  is  thelaft. 

Mor.  True  ;  and  thou  feeft,  that  I  no  iffue  have  ; 
And  that  my  fainting  words  do  warrant  death  : 
Thou  art  my  heir ;  the  reft  I  wifti  thee  gather  : 
But  yet  be  wary  in  thy  ftudious  care. 

Plan.  Thy  grave  admonifhments  prevail  with  me  : 
But  yet,  methinks,  my  father's  execution 
Was  nothing  lefs  than  bloody  tyranny. 

Mor.  With  filence,  nephew,  be  thou  politick  : 
Strong-fixed  is  the  Houfe  of  Lancafter, 
And,  like  a  mountain,  not  to  be  removed. 
But  now  thy  uncle  is  removing  hence  -, 
As  Princes  do  their  Courts,  when  they  are  cloy'd 
With  long  continuance  in  a  fettled  place. 

Plan.  O  uncle,  would  fome  part  of  my  young  years 
Might  but  redeem  the  pafTage  of  your  age  !  [doth, 

Mor.  Thou  doft  then  wrong  me,    as  that  flaught'rer 
Which  giveth  many  wounds  when  one  will  kill. 
Mourn  not,  except  thou  forrow  for  my  good  ; 
Only  give  order  for  my  funeral. 
And  fo  farewel  *,  and  fair  befall  thy  hopes,  (16) 
And  profp'rous  be  thy  life,  in  peace  and  war !  [Dies. 

V  o  l.  IV.  K  Plan. 


(16)  i ,  and  fair  be  all  thy  Hopes ,]    Mortimer  knew  Vlan- 

tagenet's  Hopes  were  fair,  but  that  the  Eftabliihment  of  the  Lancaflrian 
Line  difappointed  them  :  fure,  he  would  wifti,  that  his  Nephew's  fair 
Hopes  might  have  a  fair  IfTue  ;  and  this  the  Reftitution  of  a  fingle  Let- 
ter, which  might  eafily  have  dropt  oat  at  Prefs,  will  give  us ;  as,  I  am 
perfwaded,  the  Poet  wrote  ; 


1 4*5  The  Firfi  Tart  of 

Plan.  And  peace,  no  war,  befal  thy  parting  foul  ( 
In  prifon  haft  thou  fpent  a  pilgrimage, 
And,  like  a  hermit,  over-paft  thy  days. 
Well ;  I  will  lock  his  counfel  in  my  bread  ; 
And  what  1  do  imagine,  let  that  reft. 
Keepers,  convey  him  hence  ;  and  I  my  felf 
Will  fee  his  burial  better  than  his  life. 
Here  dies  the  dusky  torch  of  Mortimer, 
Choak'd  with  ambition  of  the  meaner  fort. 
And  for  thofe  wrongs,    thofe  bitter  injuries, 
Which  Somerfet  hath  ofFer'd  to  my  Houfe, 
I  doubt  not  but  with  honour  to  redrefs. 
And  therefore  hafte  I  to  the  Parliament  ; 
Either  to  be  reftored  to  my  blood, 
Or  make  my  111  th'  advantage  of  my  Good.  (17)     [Exit* 


-and  fair  befall  thy  Hopes ! 


So,  in  Love's  Labour  s  loft 

Bir.  Nemo  fair  befall  your  Mask  ! 

Rofa.  Fair  fall  the  Face,  it  covers  ! 
And  fo  Falconhridge  in  K.  John  ; 

Fair  fall  the  Bones,  that  took  the  Pains  for  me  I 
Befides,  the  firft  Line  of  Plantagenet\  Reply  to  Mortimer  confirms  my 
Emendation : 

And  Peace,  no  War,  befall  thy  parting  Soul ! 
(17)  Or  make  my  Will  tti  Advantage  of  my  Good. ~\  So  all  the  printed 
Copies :  but  with  very  little  regard  to  the  Poet's  Meaning.  What  was 
PlantageneH  Will,  but  to  be  reftor'd  to  his  Blood  ?  The  Conjunction 
disjunctive  therefore  here  is  abfurd  and  ungrammatical.  Befides,  I  dare 
fay,  a  Contraft  was  defign'd  in  the  Terms,  which  is  loft  by  the  Corruption 
of  the  Text.     I  reftore,  only  throwing  out  a  fingle  Letter, 

Or  make  my  111  th*  Advantage  of  my  Good . 
Thus  we  recover  the  Antithefis  of  the  Expreffion  ;  and  the  disjunctive 
becomes  proper  and  neceffary  to  the  Meaning.  "  Either  I  will  pro- 
*'  cure  the  Honours  of  my  Blood  to  be  reftor'd  ;  or  my  Misfortune,  my 
"  Hardlhip  in  being  refufed  this,  (hall  at  leaft  gain  me  Friends,  and 
"  turn  to  my  Advantage." 


ACT 


King  Henry  VI.  147 


ACT    III. 

SCENE,   the  Parliament. 

Flourijh.  Enter  King  Henry,  Exeter,  Gloucefter,  Win- 
chefter,  Warwick,  Somerfet,  Suffolk,  and  Richard 
Plantagenet ;  Gloucefter  offers  to  put  up  a  Bill :  Win- 
chefter  fnatches  it,  and  tears  it. 

Winchester. 

OM'ST  thou  with  deep  premeditated  lines, 
With  written  pamphlets  ftudioufly  devis'd  ? 
Humphrey  of  Glo'fter,  if  thou  can'ft  accufe, 
Or  ought  intend'ft  to  lay  unto  my  charge, 
Do  it  without  invention  fuddenly  j 

As  I  with  fudden  and  extemporal  fpeech 

Purpofe  to  anfwer  what  thou  canft  object. 

Glou.  Prefumptuous  Prieft,    this  place  commands   my 
patience  ; 

Or  thou  fhould'ft  find,   thou  haft  difhonour'd  me. 

Think  not,  altho  in  writing  I  prefer'd 

The  manner  of  thy  vile  outragious  crimes, 

That  therefore  I   have  forg'd,  or  am  not  able 

Verbatim  to  rehearfe  the  method  of  my  pen. 

No,  Prelate,  fuch  is  thy  audacious  wickednefs, 

Thy  leud,  peftif'rous,  and  diflfentious  pranks, 

The  very  Infants  prattle  of  thy  pride. 

Thou  art  a  moft  pernicious  ufurer, 

Froward  by  nature,  enemy  to  peace, 

Lafcivious,  wanton,  more  than  well  befeems 

A  man  of  thy  profefiion  and  degree. 

And  for  thy  treach'ry,  what's  more  manifeft  ? 

In  that  thou  laid'ft  a  trap  to  take  my  life, 

As  well  at  London-Bridge,   as  at  the  'Tower. 

K  2  Befide, 


Hr4&  The  Rrjl  Tart  of 

Befide,  I  fear  me,  if  thy  thoughts  were  fifted, 
The  King  thy  Soveraign  is  not  quite  exempt 
From  envious  malice  of  thy  fwelling  heart. 

Win.  Glo'Jler,  I  do  defie  thee.     Lords,  vouchfafe 
To  give  me  hearing  what  I  fhall  reply. 
If  I  were  covetous,  perverfe,  ambitious, 
As  he  will  have  me  ;  how  am  I  fo  poor  ? 
How  haps  it  then,  I  feek  not  to  advance 
Or  raife  my  felf  ?  but  keep  my  wonted  Calling. 
And  for  duTention,    who  preferreth  peace 
More  than  I  do  ?  except  I  be  provok'd. 
No,  my  good  lords,  it  is  not  That  offends  ; 
It  is  not  That,  which  hath  incens'd  the  Duke  : 
It  is,  becaufe  no  one  mould  fway  but  he  \ 
No  one,  but  he,  fhould  be  about  the  King  ; 
And  That  engenders  thunder  in  his  breaft, 
And  makes  him  roar  thefe  accufations  forth. 
But  he  fhall  know,  I  am  as  good- 

Glou.  As  good  ? 
Thou  baftard  of  my  grandfather  ! 

Win.  Ay,  lordly  Sir  ;  for  what  are  you,   I  pray, 
But  one  imperious  in  another's  throne  ? 

Glou.  Am  not  I  then  Protector,  fawcy  prieft  ? 

Win.  And  am  not  I  a  prelate  of  the  Church  ? 

Glou.  Yes,  as  an  out-law  in  a  caftle  keeps, 
And  ufeth  it  to  patronage  his  theft. 

Win.  Unrev'rend  Glo'fier  I 

Glou.  Thou  art  reverend 
Touching  thy  fpiritual  function,  not  thy  life. 

Win.  This  Rome  (hall  remedy. 

War.  Roam  thither  then. 

Som.  My  lord,  it  were  your  duty  to  forbear. 

War.  Ay,  fee,  the  Bifhop  be  not  over-born  : 

So?n.  Methinks,  my  lord  mould  be  religious  ; 
And  know  the  office  that  belongs  to  fuch. 

War.  Methinks,  his  lordfhip  mould  be  humbler  then. 
It  fitteth  not  a  prelate  fo  to  plead. 

Som.  Yes,  when  his  holy  ftate  is  touch'd  fo  near. 

JVar.  State,   holy  or  unhallow'd,  what  of  that? 


Is  not  his  Grace  Protector  to  the  King  ? 


Rich. 


King  Henry  VI.  149 

Rich.  Plant  agenet,  I  fee,  mull  hold  his  tongue  ; 
Leaft  it  be  faid,  '  Speak,  firrah,  when  you  fhould  j 
'  Muft  your  bold  verdict  enter  talk  with  lords  ? 
Elfe  would  I  have  a  fling  at  Winchefter. 

K.  Henry.  Uncles  of  Glo'Jler,  and  of  Winchefter, 
The  fpecial  watchmen  of  our  Englijh  weal ; 
I  would  prevail,  if  prayers  might  prevail, 
To  join  your  hearts  in  love  and  amity. 
Oh,  what  a  fcandal  is  it  to  our  Crown, 
That  two  fuch  noble  peers,  as  ye,  mould  jar .! 
Believe  me,  lords,  my  tender  years  can  tell, 
Civil  diflention  is  a  vip'rous  worm, 
That  gnaws  the  bowels  of  the  Common-wealth, 

\A  noife  within  \  Down  with  the  tawny  coats. 

K.  Henry .  What  tumult's  this  ? 

War.  An  uproar,  I  dare  warrant, 
Begun  thro'  malice  of  the  Bifhop's  men. 

\A  noife  again,  Stones,  Stones. 

Enter  Mayor. 

Mayor.  Oh,  my  good  lords,  and  virtuous  Henry , 
Pity  the  city  London,  pity  us  ; 
The  Bifhop  and  the  Duke  of  Glo'fter's  men, 
Forbidden  late  to  carry  any  weapon, 
Have  fill'd  their  pockets  full  of  pebble  flones  ; 
And,  banding  themfelves  in  contrary  parts, 
Do  pelt  fo  faft  at  one  another's  pates, 
That  many  have  their  giddy  brains  knock'd  out : 
Our  windows  are  broke  down  in  ev'ry  ftreet, 
And  we  for  fear  compell'd  to  ftiut  our  mops. 

Enter,  in  Skirmi/h,   with  bloody  pates. 

K.  Henry.  We  charge  you   on  allegiance  to  our  felves, 
To  hold  your  flaught'ring  hands,  and  keep  the  peace : 
Pray,  uncle  Glo'fter,  mitigate  this  ftrife. 

1  Serv.  Nay,  if  we  be  forbidden  (tones,  we'll  fall  to  it 
with  our  teeth. 

2  Serv.  Do  what  ye  dare,  we  are  as  refolute. 

[Skirmifh  again. 

K  3  Gloiu 


i<)0  The  Fkjl  <Part  of 

Glou.  You  of  my  houmold,    leave  this  peevifh  broil  •, 
And  fet  this  unaccuftom'd  fight  afide. 

3  Serv.  My  lord,  we  know  your  Grace  to  be  a  man 
Juft  and  upright  •,  -and  for  your  royal  birth 
Inferior  to  none  but  to  his  Majefty  : 
And  ere  that  we  will  fuffer  fuch  a  Prince, 
So  kind  a  father  of  the  Common-weal^ 
To  be  difgraced  by  an  Inkhorn  mate  •, 
We,  and  our  wives,  and  children,  all  will  fight : 
And  have  our  bodies  ilaughter'd  by  thy  foes. 

i  Serv.  Ay,  and  the  very  parings  of  our  nails 
Shall  pitch  a  field,  when  we  are  dead.  \fiegin  again. 

Glou.  Stay,  ftay,  I  fay  *, 
And  if  you  love  me,  as  you  fay  you  do, 
Let  me  perfuade  you  to  forbear  awhile. 

K.  Henry.  O,  how  this  difcord  doth  afflict  my  foul ! 
Can  you,  my  lord  of  Winchester  ^  behold 
My  fighs  and  tears,  and  will  not  once  relent  ? 
Who  mould  be  pitiful,  if  you  be  not  ? 
Or  who  mould  ftudy  to  prefer  a  peace, 
If  holy  churchmen  take  delight  in  broils  ? 

War.  My  lord  Protector,  yield  :  yield,  Winchefter  ; 
Except  you  mean  with  obftinate  repulfe 
To  flay  your  Soveraign,  and  deftroy  the  Realm. 
You  fee,  what  mifchief,  and  what  murther  too, 
Hath  been  enacted  thro'  your  enmity  : 
Then  be  at  peace,  except  ye  thirfl  for  blood. 

Win.  He  fhall  fubmit,  or  I  will  never  yield. 

Glou.  Compaflion  on  the  King  commands  me  floop 
Or  I  would  fee  his  heart  out,  ere  the  prieft 
Should  ever  get  that  priviledge  of  me. 

War.  Behold,  my  lord  of '  Winch  eft  er^  the  Duke 
Hath  banihYd  moody  difcontented  fury, 
As  by  his  fmoothed  brows  it  doth  appear. 
Why  look  you  ftill  fo  ftern  and  tragical  ? 

Glou.  Here,  Winchefter^  I  offer  thee  my  hand. 

K.  Henry.  Fie,   uncle    Bcauford :     I  have   heard   you 
preach, 
That  malice  was  a  great  and  grievous  fin  : 

Andi 


King  Henry  VI.  151 

And  will  not  you  maintain  the  thing  you  teach, 
But  prove  a  chief  Offender  in  the  fame? 

War.  Sweet  King  !  the  Bifhop  hath  a  kindly  gird  : 
For  fhame,    my  lord  of  Winchefter,  relent  ; 
What,  fhall  a  child  inftruct  you  what  to  do  ? 

Win.  Well,  Duke  of  Glo'Jler,  I  will  yield  to  thee  -, 
Love  for  thy  love,  and  hand  for  hand  I  give. 

Glon.  Ay,  but  I  fear  me  with  a  hollow  heart. 
See  here,  my  friends  and  loving  countrymen, 
This  token  ferveth  for  a  flag  of  truce. 
Betwixt  our  felves,  and  all  our  followers  : 
So  help  me  God,  as  I  differnble  not  ! 

Win.  [Jfide.]  So  help  me  God,  as  I  intend  it  not  ! 

K.  Henry.  O  loving  uncle,  gentle  Duke  of  Glo'Jter, 
How  joyful  am  I  made  by  this  contract  ! 
Away,  my  mailers,  trouble  us  no  more  ; 
But  join  in  friendship,  as  your  lords  have  done. 

1  Serv.  Content,  I'll  to  the  furgeon's. 

2  Serv.  So  will  L 

3  Serv.  And  I'll  fee  what  phyfick  the  tavern  affords. 

{Exeunt. 

War.  Accept  this  fcrowl,  mod  gracious  Soveraign, 
Which  in  the  right  of  Richard  Plantagenet 
We  do  exhibit  to  your  Majefty. 

Glou.  Well  urg'd,    my  lord  of  Warwick  ;    For,  fweet 
Prince, 
An  if  your  Grace  mark  ev'ry  circumftance, 
You  have  great  reafon  to  do  Richard  right : 
Efpecially,  for  thofe  occafions  - 
At  Eltham  place  I  told  your  Majefty. 

K.  Henry.  And  thofe  occafions,   uncle,  were  of  force : 
Therefore,  my  loving  lords,  our  pleafure  is, 
That  Richard  be  reftored  to  his  blood. 

War.  Let  Richard  be  reftored  to  his  blood, 
So  fhall  his  father's  wrongs  be  recompens'd. 

Win.  As  will  the  reft,  fo  willeth  Winchefter. 

K,  Henry.  If  Richard  will  be  true,  not. that  alone, 
But  all  the  whole  inheritance  I  give, 
That  doth  belong  unto  the  houle  of  fork  ; 
From  whence  you  fpring  by  lineal  defcent. 

K  4  Rich. 


151  The  Ftrfi  Tart  of 

Rich.  Thy  humble  fervant  vows  obedience, 
And  faithful  fervice,  till  the  point  of  death.  [foot. 

K.Henry.  Stoop  then,  and  fet  your  knee  againlt  my 
And  in  reguerdon  of  that  duty  done, 
I  gird  thee  with  the  valiant  Sword  of  York. 
Rife,  Richard,  like  a  true  Plantagenet, 
And  rife  created  Princely  Duke  of  York. 

Rich.  And  fo  thrive  Richard,  as  thy  Foes  may  fall ! 
And  as  my  duty  fprings,  fo  perifh  they, 
That  grudge  one  thought  againft  your  Majefty  ! 

All.  Welcome,  high  Prince,  the  mighty  Duke  of  York  ! 

Som.  Perifh,  bafe  Prince,  ignoble  Duke  of  York  f 

[Afide. 

Glou.  Now  will  it  bed  avail  your  Majefty 
To  crofs  the  feas,  and  to  be  crown'd  in  France  : 
The  prefence  of  a  King  engenders  love 
Amongft  hisfubjecls  and  his  loyal  friends, 
As  it  difanimates  his  enemies.  [goes  > 

K.  Henry,  When  Glo'fter  fays  the  word,    King  Henry 
For  friendly  counfel  cuts  off  many  foes. 

Glou.  Your  mips  already  are  in  readinefs.  [Exeunt. 

Manet  Exeter. 

Exe.  Ay,  we  may  march  in  England  or  in  France, 
Not  feeing  what  is  likely  to  enfue  ; 
This  late  diffenfion,  grown  betwixt  the  peers, 
Burns  under  feigned  afhes  of  forg'd  love  *, 
And  will  at  laft  break  out  into  a  flame. 
As  fefter'd  members  rot  but  by  degrees, 
'Till  bones,  and  flefh,  and  fmews,  fall  away  ; 
So  will  this  bafe  and  envious  difcord  breed. 
And  now  I  fear  that  fatal  Prophecy, 
Which  in  the  time  of  Henry,  nam'd  the  Fifth, 
Was  in  the  mouth  of  ev'ry  fucking  babe  ; 
That  Henry,  born  at  Monmouth,  mould  win  all  ; 
And  Henry,  born  at  JVindfor,  mould  lofe  all : 
Which  is  fo  plain,  that  Exeter  doth  wifh, 
His  days  may  finifh  ere  that  haplefs  time.  [Exit. 

SCENE 


Khg  Henry  VI.  153 

SCENE  changes  to  Roan  in  France. 

Enter  Joan  la  Pucelle  difguis'd,    and  four  Soldiers  with 
Sacks  upon  their  backs, 

Pucel.^T^HESE  are  the  city-gates,  the  gates  of  Roan, 
Thro'  which  our  polity  mull  make  a  breach. 
Take  heed,  be  wary,  how  you  place  your  words  ; 
Talk  like  the  vulgar  fort  of  market-men, 
That  come  to  gather  mony  for  their  corn. 
If  we  have  entrance,  (as,  I  hope,  we  (hall ;) 
And  that  we  find  the  (lothful  Watch  but  weak, 
I'll  by  a  fign  give  notice  to  our  friends ; 
That  Charles  the  Dauphin  may  encounter  them. 

Sol.  Our  Sacks  mall  be  a  mean  to  fack  the  city, 
And  we  be  lords  and  rulers  over  Roan ; 
Therefore  we'll  knock.  [Knocks. 

Watch.  Qui  va  la  ? 

Pucel.  Paifans,  pauvres  gens  de  France. 
Poor  market-folks,  that  come  to  fell  their  corn. 

Watch.  Enter,  go  in,  the  market-bell  is  rung. 

Pucel.    Now,   Roan,    I'll  make  thy  bulwarks  to  the 
ground.  [Exeunt. 

Enter  Dauphin,  Baftard,  and  Alanfon. 

Dau.  St.  Dennis  blefs  this  happy  ftratagem  ! 
And  once  again  we'll  deep  fecure  in  Roan. 

Baft.  Here  enter'd  Pucelle,  and  her  practifants  i 
Now  fhe  is  there,  how  will  ihe  fpecifie 
Where  is  the  beft  and  fafeft  pafTage  in  ? 

Reig.  By  thrufting  out  a  torch  from  yonder  tow'r, 
Which,  once  difcern'd,  fhews,  that  her  meaning  is, 
No  way  to  that  (for  weaknefs)  which  fhe  enter'd. 

Enter  Joan  la  Pucelle  on  the  top,    thrufting  out  a  torch 
'  burning. 

Pucel.  Behold,  this  is  the  happy  wedding  torch, 
That  joineth  Roan  unto  her  countrymen  \ 
But  burning  fatal  to  the  'Talboiites. 

3  Baft. 


i  54  The  Firjl  <Part  of. 

Baft.  See,  noble  Charles,  the  beacon  of  our  friend, 
The  burning  torch  in  yonder  turret  ftands. 

Dau.  Now  mines  it  like  a  comet  of  revenge, 
A  prophet  to  the  fall  of  all  our  foes. 
^  Reig.  Defer  no  time,  delays  have  dangerous  ends ; 
Enter  and  cry,  The  Dauphin !  prefently, 
And  then  do  execution  on  the  Watch. 

\An  alarm  \  Talbot  in  an  excurfion. 
Tal.   France,    thou    fhalt    rue  this  treafon    with  thy 
tears, 
If  Talbot  but  furvive  thy  treachery. 
Pucelle,  that  witch,  that  damned  forcerefs, 
Hath  wrought  this  hellifh  mifchief  unawares ♦, 
That  hardly  we  efcap'd  the  prize  of  France.  (18)     [Exit. 

An  alarm :  Excurfions.  Bedford  brought  in,  fick,  in  a  chair. 
Enter  Talbot  and  Burgundy,  without  -,  within,  Joan  la 
Pucelle,  Dauphin,  Baftard,  and  Reignier,  on  the  walls. 

Pucel.   Good  morrow,    gallants,    want   ye   corn  for 
bread  ? 
I  think,  the  Duke  of  Burgundy  will  faft, 
Before  he'll  buy  again  at  fuch  a  rate. 
"  'Twas  full  of  darnel ;  do  you  like  the  tafle  ? 

Burg.  Scoff  on,  vile  fiend,  and  fhamelefs  curtizan  ! 
I  truft,  ere  long  to  choak  thee  with  thine  own  •, 
And  make  thee  curfe  the  harveft  of  that  corn. 

Dau.   Your  Grace  may  ftarve,   perhaps,   before  that 
time. 

Bed.  Oh,  let  not  words,  but  deeds,  revenge  this  treafon  ! 

(18)  'that  hardly  woe  efcafd  the  Pride  gf  France.]  All  the  Copies 
concur  in  this  Reading  :  but  it  feems  to  be  an  abfurd  and  unmeaning  one. 
The  bell  Construction,  that  can  arife  from  efcaping  the  Pride  a/' France, 
is,  efcaping  the  proud  French :  which  would  come  very  improperly  from 
Talbot's  Mouth.  I  have  ventur'd  to  fuppofe,  our  Author  wrote,  the 
Prize:  i.e.  We  hardly  efcap'd  being  feiz^d  by,  becoming  the  Prizejof 
the  French.     So  in  Richard  the  Hid. 

A  beauty-nvaining,  and  dijireffed  Widow, 

Eqfn  in  the  Afternoon  of  her  heft  days, 

Made  prize  and  purchafe  of  his  wanton  Eye. 
So  likewife  in  the  French  Tongue,  la  Prife  fignifies  the  feizure,  or  appre- 
hending of  any  thing,  as  well  as  the  Thine  feized. 


King  Henry  VI.  155 

Pucel  What  will  you  do,  good  grey-beard  ?  break  a 
lance, 
And  run  a  tilt  at  death  within  a  chair  ? 

Tal.  Foul  fiend  of  France,  and  hag  of  all  defpight, 
Incompafs'd  with  thy  luftful  paramours, 
Becomes  it  thee  to  taunt  his  valiant  age, 
And  twit  with  cowardice  a  man  half  dead  ? 
Damfel,  I'll  have  a  bout  with  you  again, 
Or  elfe  let  'Talbot  perifh  with  his  fhame. 

Pucel.  Are  you  fo  hot  ?  yet,  Pucelle,  hold  thy  peace ; 
If  Talbot  do  but  thunder,  rain  will  follow. 

[The y  wbifper  together  in  counfel. 
God  fpeed  the  parliament !  who  (hall  be  the  fpeaker  ? 
Tal.  Dare  ye  come  forth,  and  meet  us  in  the  field  ? 
Pucel  Belike,  your  lordfhip  takes  us  then  for  fools, 
To  try  if  that  our  own  be  ours,  or  no. 

Tal.  I  fpeak  not  to  that  railing  Hecate, 
But  unto  thee,  Alanfon,  and  the  reft. 
Will  ye,  like  foldiers,  come  and  fight  it  out  ? 
Alan.  Seignior,  no. 

Tal.  Seignior,  hang: bafe  muleteers  of  France  / 

Like  peafant  foot-boys  do  they  keep  the  walls, 
And  dare  not  take  up  arms  like  gentlemen. 

Pucel.  Captains,  away  •,  let's  get  us  from  the  walls, 
For  Talbot  means  no  goodnefs  by  his  looks. 
God  be  wi'you,  my  lord :  we  came,  Sir,  but  to  tell  you 
That  we  are  here.  [Exeunt  from  the  walls. 

Tal.  And  there  will  we  be  too  ere  it  be  long, 
Or  eife  Reproach  be  Talbot's  greateft  fame  ! 
Vow,  Burgundy,  by  honour  of  thy  Houfe, 
Prick'd  on  by  publick  wrongs  fuftain'd  in  France^ 
Either  to  get  the  town  again,  or  die. 
And  I,  as  fure  as  Er/gli/h  Henry  lives, 
And  as  his  father  here  was  Conqueror, 
As  fure  as  in  this  late-betrayed  town 
Great  Cxurdelion's  heart  was  buried ; 
So  fure  I  fwear,  to  get  the  town,  or  die. 

Burg.  ,My  vows  are  equal  partners  with  thy  vows. 
Tal.  But  ere  we  go,  regard  this  dying  Prince, 
The  valiant  Duke  of  Bedford:  come,  my  lord, 

We 


*  5  6  The  Firjl  Tart  of 

We  will  beftow  you  in  fome  better  place  ; 
Fitter  for  ficknefs,  and  for  crazy  age. 

Bed.  Lord  Talbot,  do  not  fo  difhonour  me  : 
Here  I  will  fit  before  the  walls  of  Roan, 
And  will  be  partner  of  your  weal  and  woe. 

Burg.  Couragious  Bedford,  let  us  now  perfuade  you. 

Bed.  Not  to  be  gone  from  hence  :  for  once  I  read, 
That  flout  Pendragon,  in  his  litter  fick, 
Came  to  the  field,  and  vanquifhed  his  foes. 
Methinks,  I  fhould  revive  the  foldiers  hearts  ; 
Becaufe  I  ever  found  them  as  my  felf. 

Tal.  Undaunted  fpirit  in  a  dying  breaft  \ 
Then  be  it  fo  :  heav'ns  keep  old  Bedford  fafe ! 
And  now  no  more  ado,  brave  Burgundy, 
But  gather  we  our  forces  out  of  hand, 
And  fet  upon  our  boafting  enemy.  [Exit. 

An  alarum :   excurfions :  Enter  Sir  John  Faftolfe,  and  a 

captain. 

Cap.  Whither  away,  Sir  John  Faftolfe,  in  fuch  hade  ? 
Faft.  Whither  away  ?  to  fave  my  felf  by  flight. 
We  are  like  to  have  the  overthrow  again. 

Cap.  What !  will  you  fly,  and  leave  lord  Talbot  ? 
Faft.  Ay,  all  the  Talbot s  in  the  world  to  fave  my  life. 

[Exit. 
Cap.  Cowardly  Knight,  ill  fortune  follow  thee  !     [Exit. 

Retreat;  excurfions.     Pucelle,  Alanfon,  and  Dauphin  fly. 

Bed.  Now,  quiet  foul,  depart  when  heav'n  fhall  pleafe ; 
For  I  have  feen  our  enemies  overthrow. 
What  is  the  truft  or  ftrength  of  foolifh  man  ? 
They,  that  of  late  were  daring  with  their  feoffs, 
Are  glad  and  fain  by  flight  to  fave  themfelves. 

[Dies  -,  and  is  carried  off  in  his  chair. 


SCENE 


King  Henry  VI.  1 57 

SCENE,  within  the  Wall*  ijfRoan. 

An  alarm  :  Enter  Talbot,  Burgundy,  and  the  reft* 

Tal.^T  O  S  T  and  recover'd  in  a  day  again  ? 
1   j  This  is  a  double  honour,  Burgundy  ; 
Yet  heav'ns  have  glory  for  this  victory  ! 

Bur.  Warlike  and  martial  Talbot,  Burgundy 
Infhrines  thee  in  his  heart ;  and  there  erects 
Thy  noble  deeds,  as  Valour's  monuments. 

Tal.  Thanks,  gentle  Duke  ;  but  where  is  Pucelle  now? 
I  think,  her  old  Familiar  is  afleep. 
Now  where's  the  Ballard's  braves,  and  Charles  his  glikes? 
What,  all  a-mort  ?  Roan  hangs  her  head  for  grief  j 
That  fuch  a  valiant  company  are  fled. 
Now  we  will  take  fome  order  in  the  town, 
Placing  therein  fome  expert  officers, 
And  then  depart  to  Paris  to  the  King ; 
For  there  young  Henry  with  his  Nobles  lyes. 

Burg.  What  wills  lord  Talbot,  pleafeth  Burgundy, 

Tal.  But  yet  before  we  go,  let's  not  forget 
The  noble  Duke  of  Bedford,  late  deceas'd  ; 
But  fee  his  exequies  fulfill' d  in  Roan. 
A  braver  foldier  never  couched  launce, 
A  gentler  heart  did  never  fway  in  Court. 
But  Kings  and  mightieft  potentates  muft  die, 
For  that's  the  end  of  human  mifery.  [Exeunt. 

Enter  Dauphin,  Baftard,  Alanfon,  and  Joan  la  Pucelle. 

Pucel  Difmay  not,  Princes,  at  this  accident, 
Nor  grieve  that  Roan  is  fo  recovered. 
Care  is  no  cure,  but  rather  corrofive, 
For  things  that  are  not  to  be  remedy'd. 
Let  frantick  Talbot  triumph  for  awhile  ; 
And,  like  a  Peacock,  fweep  along  his  tail : 
We'll  pull  his  plumes  and  take  away  his  train, 
If  Dauphin  and  the  reft  will  be  but  rul'd. 

Date, 


1 5  8  The  Firfi  Tart  of 

Dau.  We  have  been  guided  by  thee  hitherto, 
And  of  thy  cunning  had  no  diffidence. 
One  fudden  foil  fhall  never  breed  diftruft. 

Baft.  Search  out  thy  wit  for  fecret  policies, 
And" we  will  make  thee  famous  through  the  world. 

Alan.  We'll  fet  thy  ftatue  in  fome  holy  place, 
And  have  thee  reverenced  like  a  blefifed  Saint. 
Employ  thee  then,  fweet  virgin,  for  our  good. 

Pucel.  Then  thus  it  muft  be,  this  doth  Joan  devife  : 
By  fair  perfuafions,  mixt  with  fugar'd  words, 
We  will  entice  the  Duke  of  Burgundy 
To  leave  the  Talbot,  and  to  follow  us. 

Dau.  Ay,  marry,  fweeting,  if  we  could  do  That, 
France  were  no  place  for  Henry's  warriors  ; 
Nor  (hall  that  nation  boaft  it  fo  with  us, 
But  be  extirped  from  our  provinces. 

Alan.  For  ever  mould  they  be  expuls'd  from  France* 
And  not  have  title  of  an  Earldom  here. 

Pucel.  Your  Honours  fhall  perceive  how  I  will  work, 
To  bring  this  matter  to  the  wifhed  end. 

[Drum  beats  afar  off. 
Hark,  by  the  found  of  drum  you  may  perceive 
Their  powers  are  marching  unto  Paris-ward. 

[Here  beat  an  Englilh  March. 
There  goes  the  Talbot  with  his  Colours  fpread, 
And  all  the  troops  of  Englijh  after  him.     [French  March. 
Now,  in  the  rereward,  comes  the  Duke  and  his  : 
Fortune,  in  favour,  makes  him  lag  behind. 
Summon  a  parley,  we  will  talk  with  him. 

[Trumpets  found  a  parley. 

Enter  the  Duke  of  Burgundy  marching. 
Dau.  A  parley  with  the  Duke  of  Bur  gundy. - 


Burg.  Who  craves  a  parley  with  the  Burgundy  ? 

Pucel.  The  princely  Charles  of  France,    thy  country-" 

man. 
Burg.  What  fay* ft  thou,  Charles  ?  for  I  am  marching 

hence. 
Dau.  Speak,  Pucelle,  and  enchant  him  with  thy  words. 

Pucel. 


King  Henry  VI.  159 

PuceL  Brave  Burgundy,  undoubted  hope  of  France ! 
Stay,  let  thy  humble  hand-maid  fpeak  to  thee. 

Bur.  Speak  on,  but  be  not  over-tedious. 

PuceL  Look  on  thy  country,  look  on  fertile  France  ; 
And  fee  the  cities,  and  the  towns,  defac'd 
By  wafting  ruin  of  the  cruel  foe. 
As  looks  the  mother  on  her  lowly  babe, 
When  death  doth  clofe  his  tender  dying  eyes  -, 
See,  fee  the  pining  malady  of  France. 
Behold  the  wounds,  the  moft  unnat'ral  wounds, 
Which  thou  thy  felf  haft  giv'n  her  woful  breaft. 
Oh,  turn  thy  edged  fword  another  way  ; 
Strike  thofe,  that  hurt;  and  hurt  not  thofe,  that  help: 
One  drop  of  blood,  drawn  from  thy  country's  bofom, 
Should  grieve  thee  more  than  ftreams  of  common  gore  ; 
Return  thee,  therefore,  with  a  flood  of  tears, 
And  wafh  away  thy  country's  ftained  fpots. 

Burg.  Either  fhe  hath  bewitch'd  me  with  her  words, 
Or  nature  makes  me  fuddenly  relent. 

Pucel.  Befides,  all  French  and  France  exclaim  on  thee  ; 
Doubting  thy  birth,  and  lawful  progeny. 
Whom  join'ft  thou  with,  but  with  a* lordly  nation 
That  will  not  truft  thee  but  for  profit's  fake  ? 
When  Talbot  hath  fet  footing  once  in  France, 
And  fafhion'd  thee  that  inftrument  of  111 ; 
Who  then  but  Englijh  Henry  will  be  lord, 
And  thou  be  thruft  out  like  a  fugitive  ? 
Call  we  to  mind,  and  mark  but  this  for  proof; 
Was  not  the  Duke  of  Orleans  thy  foe  ? 
And  was  not  he  in  England  prifoner  ? 
But  when  they  heard  he  was  thine  enemy, 
They  fet  him  free  without  his  ranfom  paid  *, 
In  fpight  of  Burgundy,  and  all  his  friends. 
See  then,  thou  fight'ft  againft  thy  countrymen  ; 
And  join'ft  with  them,  will  be  thy  flaughter-men. 
Come,  come,  return  -,  return,  thou  wand'ring  lord ; 
CharleSy  and  the  reft  will  take  thee  in  their  arms. 

Burg.  I'm  vanquifhed.     Thefe  haughty  words  of  hers 
Have  batter'd  me  like  roaring  cannon-mot, 
And  made  me  almoft  yield  upon  my  knees. 

Forgive 


1 6o  The  Ftrjb  Tart  of 

Forgive  me,  country,  and  fweet  countrymen  \ 
And,  lords,  accept  this  hearty  kind  embrace. 
My  forces  and  my  pow'r  of  men  are  yours. 
So  farewel  Talbot^  I'll  no  longer  truft  thee. 

Pucel.  Done,   like  a  Frenchman :    turn,    and   turn    a- 
gain ! (19) 

Bau.  Welcome,  brave  Duke !    thy  friendlhip  makes 
us  frefh. 

Baft.  And  doth  beget  new  courage  in  our  breads. 

Alan.  Pucelle  hath  bravely  play'd  her  part  in  this, 
And  doth  deferve  a  Coronet  of  gold. 

Dau.  Now  let  us  on,  my  lords,  and  join  our  powers  ; 
And  feek  how  we  may  prejudice  the  foe.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to  Paris. 

Enter  King  Henry,  Gloucefter,  Winchefter,  York,  Suf- 
folk, Somerfet,  Warwick,  Exeter,  £sfc.  To  them  Tal- 
bot, with  his  foldiers. 

„.  ■** 

¥al.~\  /KY  gracious  Prince,  and  honourable  peers, 
X V X  Hearing  of  your  arrival  in  SPts  realm, 

I  have  a  while  giv'n  truce  unto  my  wars, 

To  do  my  duty  to  my  Soveraign. 

In  fign  whereof,  this  arm  (that  hath  reclaim'd 

To  your  obedience  fifty  fortrerTes, 

Twelve  cities,  and  fev'n  walled  towns  of  ftrength, 

Befide  five  hundred  prifoners  of  efteem  •,) 

Lets  fall  the  fword  before  your  Highnefs'  feet : 

(19)  Done  like  a  Frenchman;  turn,  and  turn  again."]      I  make  no 
doubt  but  this  was  a  fecret  Wipe  on  Henry  IVth  of  France,  who  fo  oft 
turn  d  his  Religion,  as  the  Exigencies  of  State  required:  and  whofe  laft   j 
Turn,  which  was  in  the  Year  1593,  when  he  reconciled  himfelf  to  the 
Church  of  Rome,  was  fo  ungrateful  to  his  old  fail  friend  Queen  Elizabeth,,  j 
that  it  threw  her  into  a  kind  of  Melancholy :  in  the  Pomp  and  Parade 
of  which,   me  is  faid  to  have  pafs*d  fome  of  her  time  in  tranflating    I 
Boetius  de  Confolatione  Pbilofophi<e.     Our  Author  could  not  have  paid  his 
Court  with  more  Addrefs  to  his  Royal  Miftrefs*s  Refentment,  than  by  the   j 
Sacrifice  of  this  Piece  of  Satire  on  Henry  of  Navarre  for  his  Apoflacy 
from  the  reform*d  Church.  Mr.  Warburton. 

And 


King  Henry  VI.  itfi 

And  with  fubmiflive  loyalty  of  heart 
Afcribes  the  glory  of  his  Conqueft  got, 
Firft  to  my  God,  and  next  unto  your  Grace. 

K.  Henry,  Is  this  the  fam'd  lord  Talbot,  uncle  Glo9Jler> 
That  hath  fo  Jong  been  refident  in  France  ? 

Glou.  Yes,  if  it  pleafe  your  Majefty,  my  Liege. 

K.  Henry,  Welcome,  brave  Captain,  and  victorious  lord, 
When  I  was  young,  (as  yet  I  am  not  old) 
I  do  remember  how  my  father  faid,  (20) 
A  ftouter  champion  never  handled  fword. 
Long  fince  we  were  refolved  of  your  truth, 
Your  faithful  fervice  and  your  toil  in  war  \ 
Yet  never  have  you  tafted  our  reward, 
Or  been  reguerdon'd  with  fo  much  as  thanks, 
Becaufe  'till  now  we  never  faw  your  face : 
Therefore  ftand  up,  and  for  thefe  good-deferts. 
We  here  create  you  Earl  of  Shrewsbury 
And  in  our  Coronation  take  your  place.  [Exeunt* 

Manent  Vernon  and  Baffet. 

Ver.  Now,  Sir,  to  you  that  were  fo  hot  at  fea, 
Difgracing  of  thefe  colours  that  I  wear 
In  honour  of  my  noble  lord  of  York  ; 
Dar'ft  thou  maintain  the  former  words  thou  fpak'ft  ? 

Baf.  Yes,  Sir,  as  well  as  you  dare  patronage 
The  envious  barking  of  your  fawcy  tongue 
Againfl  my  lord,  the  Duke  of  SomerfeL. 

(20)  /  do  remember  how  my  Father  /aid,']  But  Henry  VI.  was  bufc 
nine  Months  old,  when  his  Father  dy'd :  We  have  this  twice,  from  his 
own  Mouth,  in  the  two  fubfequent  Parts  of  this  Hiftory. 

2  Henry  VI.   Ad  4. 
No  /ooner  'was  I  crept  out  0/  my  Cradle, 
But  I  <was  made  a  King  at  nine  Months  old. 

3  Henry  VI.  Acl:  3. 
I<was  anointed  King  at  nine  Months  old. 

A  Forgetfulnefs,  therefore,  of  this  Pitch,  (carelefs  as  our  Author  was  ;n 
fome  refpe&s,)  could  hardly  come  from  him,  had  thefe  Plays  been  his  in 
the  firft  Conco&ion  :  however  he  might  pafs  fuch  an  abfurd  Circumftance 
inadvertently,  while'  he  was  only  putting  the  finifhing  Hand  to  them. 
Contradictions  of  fo  grofs  a  Stamp  put  me  in  Mind  of  Sir  Martin  Marr-all^ 
(in  Dryden,)  who  fays,  "  he  was  born  at  Cambridge)  and  Jie  remember? 
«  it  as  perfectly  as  if  it  were  but  yefterday." 

Vol..  IV,  L  Ver, 


\6i  The  Firjt  Tart  of 

Fer.  Sirrah,  thy  lord  I  honour  as  he  is. 

Baf.  Why,   what  is  he  ?  as  good  a  man  as  York. 

Ver.  Hark  ye  •,  not  fo  :  in  witnefs,  take  you  that. 

[Strikes  him. 

Baf.  Villain,  thou  know'ft,  the  law  of  arms  is  fuch, 
That,  whofo  draws  a  fword,  'tis  prefent  death  ;  (21) 
Or  elfe  this  blow  mould  broach  thy  deareft  blood. 
But  I'll  unto  his  Majefty,  and  crave 
I  may  have  liberty  to  venge  this  wrong ; 
When  thou  fhalt  fee,  I'll  meet  thee  to  thy  coil. 

Ver.  Well,  mifcreant,  I'll  be  there  as  foon  as  you  ; 
And,  after,  meet  you  fooner  than  you  would.      [Exeunt. 

(21)  ■   ■    ■■         the  Law  of  Arms  is  fuch, 

That,  whofo  dran/js  a  Sword,  "'tis  prefent  Death.]  We  are  not  to  under- 
ftand  this,  with  regard  to  any  Penalty  for  drawing  a  Sword  in  the  Pre- 
tence, or  within  the  Verge  of  the  Royal  Palace :  neither  can  tlje  Poet 
mean,  that  by  the  Law  of  Arms  in  general  it  was  Death  to  draw  a 
Sword.  Why  then  does  BaJJet  fay,  he'll  crave  Liberty  of  the  King  to 
revenge  his  Wrongs  ?  Let  us  hear  what  the  King  fays  afterwards,  when 
both  Parties  come  to  ask  his  Leave  for  the  Combat. 

.   ■        .  ■  remember,  where  we  are  l 

In  France,  amongjl  a  fickle  wan?  ring  Nation  : 

If  they  perceive  Diffention  in  our  Looks, 

And  that  within  ourfehves  we  difagree, 

How  will  their  grudging  Stomachs  he  pro-voFd 

To  'wilful  Difcbedience,  and  Rebell  ? 
'Tis  probable  therefore,  that  the  King,  confidering  himfelf,  as  it  were, 
in  an  Enemy's  Country,  and  fearful  of  ill  Confequences  from  any  of  his 
own  Subjects  bandying  and  quarrelling  there  with  one  another,  had  made 
it  a  Capital  Offence  by  the  Martial  Law  for  any  of  his  People  to  draw  a- 
Weapon  upon  one  another :  And,  this  granted,  there's  fome  Reafon, 
why  thefe  Combatants  could  not  carve  for  their  own  Revenge,  without 
iirft  obtaining  a  Difpenfation  from  this  ftricl:  Order  :  and  why  they  could 
no  more  draw  their  Swords  in  another  Place,  than  in  the  Prefence,  with- 
out Licence  granted  them. 


ACT 


King  Henri  VI.  163 


ACT    IV. 

SCENE,  Paris. 

Enter  King  Henry,  Gloucefter,  Winchefter,  York,  Suf- 
folk, Somerfet,  Warwick,  Talbot,  Exeter,  and  Go- 
vernor  of  Paris. 

Gloucester, 

ORD  Bifhop,   fet  the  Crown  upon  his  head. 
Win.  God  fave  Kiag  Henry,   of  that  name 

the  Sixth ! 
Glou.  Now,  Governor  of  Paris,  take  your 
oath, 

That  you  elect  no  other  King  but  him  ; 
Efteem  none  friends,  but  fuch  as  are  his  friends  5 
And  none  your  foes,  but  fuch  as  fhall  pretend 
Malicious  practices  againft  his  (late. 
This  fhall  ye  do,  fo  help  you  righteous  God ! 

Enter  Faftolfe. 

Faft.  My  gracious  Soveraign,  as  I  rode  from  Calais, 
To  hafte  unto  your  Coronation ; 
A  letter  was  deliver'd  to  my  hands, 
Writ  to  your  Grace  from  th'  Duke  of  Burgundy. 

Tal.  Shame  to  the  Duke  of  Burgundy,  and  thee ! 
I  vow'd,  bafe  Knight,  when  I  did  meet  thee  next, 
To  tear  the  Garter  from  thy  craven  leg, 
Which  I  have  done ;  becaufe  unworthily 
Thou  waft  inftalled  in  that  high  degree. 
Pardon,  my  Princely  Henry,  and  the  reft: 
This  daftard,  at  the  battle  of  Poifliers, 
When  but  in  all  I  was  fix  thoufand  ftrong, 

L  2  And 


1 64  The  Ftrfi  'Part  of 

And  that  the  French  were  almoft  ten  to  one, 
Before  we  met,  or  that  a  ftroke  was  given, 
Like  to  a  trufty  'fquire,  did  run  away. 
In  which  afiault  we  loft  twelve  hundred  men ; 
My  felf  and  divers  gentlemen  befide 
Were  there  furpriz'd,  and  taken  prifoners. 
Then  judge,  great  lords,  if  I  have  done  amifs ; 
Or  whether  that  fuch  cowards  ought  to  wear 
This  ornament  of  knighthood,  yea  or  no? 

Glou.  To  fay  the  truth,  this  fact  was  infamous, 
And  ill  befeeming  any  common  man ; 
Much  more  a  knight,  a  captain,  and  a  leader. 

Tal.  When  firft  this  Order  was  ordain'dy  my  lords, 
Knights  of  the  Garter  were  of  noble  birth  ; 
Valiant  and  virtuous,  full  of  haughty  courage ; 
Such  as  were  grown  to  Credit  by  the  wars ; 
»  Not  fearing  death,  nor  fhrinking  for  diftrefs, 
But  always  refolute  in  moft  extremes. 
He  then,  that  is  not  furniuYd  in  this  fort, 
Doth  but  ufurp  the  facred  name  of  Knight, 
Prophaning  this  moft  honourable  Order ; 
And  fhould,  if  I  were  worthy  to  be  judge, 
Be  quite  degraded,  like  a  hedge-born  fwain 
That  doth  prefume  to  boaft  of  gentle  blood. 

K.  Henry.  Stain  to  thy  countymen !   thou  hear'ft  thou 
doom; 

Be  packing  therefore,  thou  that  waft  a  Knight ; 

Henceforth  we  banifh  thee  on  pain  of  death. 

[Exit  Faftolfe, 

And  now,  my  lord  Protector,  view  the  letter 

Sent  from  our  uncle  Duke  of  Burgundy. 

Glou.  What  means  his  Grace,  that  he  hath  chang'd  his 
ftile? 

No  more  but  plain  and  bluntly,  To  the  King.        [Reading, 

Hath  he  forgot,  he  is  his  Soveraign  ? 

Or  doth  this  churlifh  fuperfcription 

Portend  fome  alteration  in  good  will  ? 

What's  here  ?  /  have  upon  efpecial  caufe,  [Reads. 

Mov*d  with  compajfion  of  my  country9 s  wrack, 

Together  with  the  pitiful  complaints 


King  Henry  VI.  i6j 

Of  fuch  as  your  oppreffion  feeds  upon, 

Forfaken  your  pernicious  f anions, 

And  join  d  with  Charles,  the  rightful  King  of  France. 

0  monftrous  treachery  !  can  this  be  fo  ? 
That  in  alliance,  amity,  and  oaths, 

There  mould  be  found  fuch  falfe  dhTembling  guile  ? 

K.  Henry.  What !  doth  my  uncle  Burgundy  revolt? 

Glou.  He  doth,  my  lord,  and  is  become  your  foe. 

K.  Henry.  Is  that  the  word  this  letter  doth  contain  ? 

Glou.  It  is  the  worft,  and  all,  my  lord,  he  writes. 

K.  Henry.  Why  then  lord  Talbot  there  fhall  talk  with 
And-give  him  chaftifement  for  this  abufe.  [him, 

My  lord,  how  fay  you,  are  you  not  content  ? 

Tal.  Content,  my  Liege  ?  yes :  but  that  I'm  pre- 
vented, 

1  iliould  have  begg'd  I  might  have  been  employ'd. 

K.  Henry.  Then  gather  ftrength,  and  march  unto  him 
(trait : 
Let  him  perceive  how  ill  we  brook  his  treafon, 
And  what  offence  it  is  to  flout  his  friends. 

'Tal.  I  go,  my  lord,  in  heart  defiring  ftill 
You  may  behold  confufion  of  your  foes.       [Exit  Talbot 

Enter  Vernon,  and  BafTet. 

Ver.  Grant  me  the  combat,  gracious  Soveraign. 

Baf.  And  me,  my  lord  ;  grant  me  the  combat  too. 

Tork.  This  is  my  fervant  *  hear  him,  noble  Prince. 

Som.  And  this  is  mine;  fweet  Henry,  favour  him. 

K.  Henry.   Be  patient,    lords,  and  give  them  leave  to 
fpeak. 
Say,  gentlemen,  what  makes  you  thus  exclaim  ? 
And  wherefore  crave  you  combat  ?  or  with  whom  ? 

Ver.  With  him,  my  lord,  for  he  hath  done  me  wrong, 

Baf.  And  I  with  him,  for  he  hath  done  me  wrong. 

K.  Henry.    What  is  the    wrong    whereon  you  both 
complain  ? 
Firft  let  me  know,  and  then  I'll  anfwer  you. 

Baf.  Croffing  the  fea  from  England  into  France*, 
This  fellow  here,  with  envious,  carping  tongue. 
Upbraided  me  about  the  rofe  I  wear  s 

L  3  r    Saying> 


\66  The  Firfi  "Pan  of 

Saying,  the  fanguine  colour  of  the  leaves 
Did  reprefent  my  mailer's  blufhing  cheeks  ; 
When  ftubbornly  he  did  repugn  the  truth 
About  a  certain  queftion  in  the  law, 
Argu'd  betwixt  the  Duke  of  York  and  him  ; 
With  other  vile  and  ignominious  terms. 
In  confutation  of  which  rude  reproach, 
And  in  defence  of  my  lord's  worthinefs, 
I  crave  the  benefit  of  law  of  arms. 

Ver.  And  that  is  my  petition,  noble  lord  ; 
For  though  he  feem  with  forged  quaint  conceit 
To  fet  a  glofs  upon  his  bold  intent, 
Yet  know,  my  lord,  I  was  provok'd  by  him  ; 
And  he  firft  took  exceptions  at  this  badge, 
Pronouncing,  that  the  palenefs  of  this  flow'r 
^Bewray'd  the  faintnefs  of  my  mailer's  heart. 

York.  Will  not  this  malice,  Somerfet,  be  left  ? 

Som.  Your  private  grudge,  my  lord  of  York,  will  out, 
Though  ne'er  fo  cunningly  you  fmother  it. 

K.  Henry.    Good  lord  !    what  madnefs  rules  in  brain- 
fick  men  ! 
When,  for  fo  flight  and  frivolous  a  caufe, 
Such  factious  emulations  fhall  arife  ! 
Good  coufins  both  of  York  and  Somerfet, 
Quiet  your  felves,  I  pray,  and  be  at  peace. 

York.  Let  this  difTention  firft  be  try'd  by  fight, 
And  then  your  Highnefs  fhall  command  a  peace. 

Som.  The  quarrel  toucheth  none  but  us  alone  ; 
Betwixt  our  felves  let  us  decide  it  then. 

York.  There  is  my  pledge  •,  accept  it,  So?nerfet, 

Ver.  Nay,  let  it  reft,  where  it  began  at  firft. 

Baf.  Confirm  it  fo,  mine  honourable  lord. 

Glou.  Confirm  it  fo  ?  confounded  be  your  ftrife, 
And  perifti  ye  with  your  audacious  prate  ; 
Prefumptuous  vafTals !  are  you  not  arnam'd 
With  this  immodeft  clamorous  outrage 
To  trouble  and  difturb  the  King,  and  us  ? 
And  you,  my  lords,  methinks,  you  do  not  well 
To  bear  with  their  perverfe  objections  : 
Much  lefs  to  take  occafion  from  their  mouths 

3  To 


King  Henry  VL  i  67 

To  raife  a  mutiny  betwixt  your  felves : 
Let  me  perfuade  you  take  a  better  courfe. 

Exe.   It   grieves  his  Highnefs:   good   my  lords,   be 
friends. 

K.  Henry.  Come  hither  you,    that  would  be  comba- 
tants : 
Henceforth  I  charge  you,  as  you  love  our  favour, 
Quite  to  forget  this  quarrel  and  the  caufe. 
And  you,  my  lords ;  remember  where  we  are  ; 
In  France,  amongft  a  fickle  wavering  nation  : 
If  they  perceive  dhTention  in  our  looks, 
And  that  within  our  felves  we  difagree, 
How  will  their  grudging  ftomachs  be  provok'd 
To  wilful  Difobedience,  and  Rebell  ? 
Befide,  v/hat  infamy  will  there  arife, 
When  foreign  Princes  mail  be  certify'd, 
That  for  a  toy,  a  thing  of  no   regard, 
King  Henry's  Peers  and  chief  Nobility 
Deftroy'd  themfelves,  and  loft  the  realm  of  France  ? 
O,  think  upon  the  Conqueft  of  my  father, 
My  tender  years,  and  let  us  not  forego 
That  for  a  trifle,  which  was  bought  with  blood. 
Let  me  be  Umpire  in  this  doubtful  ffrife  : 
I  fee  no  reafon,  if  I  wear  this  rofe, 
That  any  one  mould  therefore  be  fufpicious 
I  more  encline  to  Somerfet,  than  York. 
Both  are  my  kinfmen,  and  I  love  them  both. 
As  well  they  may  upbraid  me  with  my  Crown, 
Becaufe,  forfooth,  the  King  of  Scots  is  crown'd. 
But  your  difcretions  better  can  perfwade, 
Than  I  am  able  to  inftruct  or  teach  : 
And  therefore,  as  we  hither  came  in  peace, 
So  let  us  ftill  continue  peace  and  love. 
Coufm  of  York,  we  inftitute  your  Grace 
To  be  our  Regent  in  thefe  parts  of  France  : 
And,  good  my  lord  of  Somerfet,  unite 
Your  troops  of  horfemen  with  his  bands  of  foot  ; 
And  like  true  fubjects,  fons  of  your  progenitors, 
Go  chearfully  together,  and  digeft 
Your  angry  choler  on  your  enemies. 

L  4  /     Our 


1^8  The  Fkji  Part  of 

Our  felf,  my  lord  Protector,  and  the  reft, 
After  fome  refpite,  will  return  to  Calais  ; 
From  thence  to  England  •,   where  I  hope  ere  long 
To  be  prefented,  by  your  victories, 
With  Charles,  Alanfon,  and  that  trait'rous  rout. 

[Flourifh.    Exeunt. 

Manent  York,  Warwick,  Exeter*  and  Vernon. 

War.  My  lord  of  York,  I  promife  you,  the  King 
Prettily,   methought,  did  play  the  orator. 

York.  And  fo  he  did  *,  but  yet  I  like  it  not, 
In  that  he  wears  the  badge  of  Somerfet. 

War.  Tufh,  that  was  but  his  fancy,    blame  him  not  ; 
I  dare  prefume,  fweet  Prince,  he  thought  no  harm. 

York.  An  if  I  wis,  he  did. But  let  it  reft  ;   (22J 

Other  affairs  muft  now  be  managed.  [Exeunt. 

Manet  Exeter. 

Ex*.  Well  didft  thou,  Richard,  to  fupprefs  thy  voice  : 
For  had  the  pafllons  of  thy  heart  burftout, 
I  fear,  we  fhould  have  feen  decypher'd  there 
More  ranc'rous  fpight,  mre  furious  raging  broils, 
Than  yet  can  be  imagin'd  orfuppos'd. 
But  howfoe'er,  no  fimple  man  that  fees 
This  jarring  difcord  of  Nobility, 
This  mouldering  of  each  other  in  the  Court, 
This  factious  bandying  of  their  favourites  ; 
But  that  he  doth  prefage  fome  ill  event. 
3Tis  much,  when  fcepters  are  in  childrens  hands ; 

(22)  And if  1 wifh  he  did.']     Thus  the  Editions  have  flightly  corrupted 
this  Paftage.     By  the  Pointing  reformed,  and  a  fingle  Letter  expunged,  I 

have  refWd  the  Text  to  its  Purity.     And  if  I  wis,  he  did.— The 

Senfe  is  this.  Warwick  had  laid,  the  King  meant  no  harm  in  wearing 
Somerfefs  Rofe  :  to  which  York  teilily  replies ;  "  Nay,  if  I  think  right, 
"  or  know  any  thing  of  the  Matter,  he  did  think  harm."  To  wis  and 
nvijiy  (from  the  Saxon  word  wijlan,  cognofcere ;)  is  a  word  frequent  in  this 
Senfe,  both  with  Chancer  and  Spenfer.  Nor  is  this  the  only  place,  in 
which  it  occurs  in  our  Author. 

Richard  III.  A&  1. 

/  wis,  your  Grandam  had  a  nvorfer  Match. 
Mr.  Pcpe,  in  his  laft  Edition,  has  embraced  my  Correction. 

^      But 


King  Henry  VI.  I 6? 

But  more,  when  envy  breeds  unkind  divifion  : 

There  comes  the  ruin,  there  begins  confufion.  [Exit. 

SCENE,  before  the  Walls  of  Bourdeaux. 

Enter  Talbot  with  trumpets,  and  drum. 

Tal.  f~^  O   to  the  gates  of  Bourdeaux,  trumpeter, 

\J  Summon  their  General  unto  the  Wall.  [Sounds. 

Enter  General,  aloft. 

Englijh  John  Talbot,  Captains,  calls  you  forth, 
Servant  in  arms  to  Harry  King  of  England; 
*  And  thus  he  would.'        'Open  your  city-gates, 
Be  humbled  to  us,  call  my  Soveraign  yours, 
And  do  him  homage  as  obedient  fubje<fts, 
And  I'll  withdraw  me  and  my  bloody  pow'r. 
But  if  you  frown  upon  this  proffer' d  peace, 
You  tempt  the  fury  of  my  three  attendants, 
Lean  famine,  quartering  fteel,  and  climbing  fire; 
Who  in  a  moment  even  with  the  earth 
Shall  lay  your  (lately  and  air-braving  tow'rs, 
If  you  forfake  the  offer  of  their  love. 

Gen.  Thou  ominous  and  fearful  owl  of  death, 

Our  nation's  terrour,  and  their  bloody  fcourge  ! 

The  period  of  thy  tyranny  approacheth. 

On  us  thou  canftnot  enter,  but  by  death: 

For,  I  proteft,  we  are  well  fortify'd  ; 

And  ftrong  enough  to  iffue  out  and  fight. 

If  thou  retire,  the  Dauphin,  well  appointed, 

Stands  with  the  fnares  of  war  to  tangle  thee. 

On  either  hand  thee,  there  are  fquadrons  pitch'd 

To  wall  thee  from  the  liberty  of  flight  ; 

And  no  way  canfl  thou  turn  thee  for  redrefs : 

But  death  doth  front  thee  with  apparent  fpoil  ; 

And  pale  deftruction  meets  thee  in  the  face. 

Ten  thoufand  French  have  ta'en  the  facrament. 

To  rive  their  dangerous  artillery 

Upon  no  chriftian  foul  but  Englifh  Talbot. 

Lo !  there  thou  ftand'ft,  a  breathing  valiant  man, 

i  Of 


[\?o  The  FirftTari  of 

Of  an  invincible,  unconquer'd  fpirit : 

This  is  the  lateft  glory  of  thy  praife, 

That  I  thy  enemy  due  thee  withal  ; 

For  ere  the  glafs,  that  now  begins  to  run, 

Finifh  the  procefs  of  his  fandy  hour, 

Thefe  eyes,  that  fee  thee  now  well  coloured, 

Shall  fee  thee  wither'd,  bloody,  pale  and  dead. 

[Dru??i  afar  off. 
Hark  !    hark !  the  Dauphin's  drum,  a  warning  bell, 
Sings  heavy  mufick  to  thy  tim'rous  foul  ; 
And  mine  (hall  ring  thy  dire  departure  out. 

[Exit  from  the  Walls. 
"Tat.  He  fables  not.     I  hear  the  enemy  : 
Out,  fome  light  horfemen,  and  perufe  their  wings. 
O,  negligent  and  heedlefs  difcipline! 
How  are  we  park'd  and  bounded  in  a  pale  ? 
.A  little  herd  of  England's  tim'rous  Deer, 
Maz'd  with  a  yelping  kennel  of  French  curs. 
If  we  be  Englijh  Deer,  be  then  in  blood  ; 
Not  rafcal-like  to  fall  down  with  a  pinch, 
But  rather  moody,  mad,  and  defperate  Stags, 
Turn  on  the  bloody  hounds  with  heads  of  fteel, 
And  make  the  cowards  ftand  aloof  at  bay. 
Sell  every  man  his  life  as  dear  as  mine, 
And  they  mail  find  dear  Deer  of  us,  my  friends. 
God  and  St.  George,   Talbot,   and  England's  right, 
Profper  our  Colours  in  this  dangerous  fight  !         [Exeunt. 

SCENE,  another  Part  of  France. 

Enter  a  Mejfenger,  that  meets  York.     Enter  York,  with 
irtantiet,  and  many  foldiers. 

Tork.      ARE  not  the  fpeedy  fcouts  return'd  again, 

jLX^  That  dogg'd  the  mighty  army  of  the  Dau- 
phin ? 
Mejf.  They  are  return'd,  my  lord,  and  give  it  out    * 
That  he  is  march'd  to  Bourdeaux  with  his  pow'r, 
To  fight  with  Talbot  \  as  he  march'd  along, 
By  your  efpyals  were  difcovered 

Two 


King  Henry  VI.  171; 

Two  mightier  troops  than  that  the  Dauphin  led, 
Which  join'd    with    him,    and   made    their   march  for 
Bourdeaux. 
York.  A  plague  upon  that  villain  So??ierfet, 
That  thus  delays  my  promifed  fupply 
Of  horfemen,  that  were  levied  for  this  fiege  ! 
Renowned  Talbot  doth  expect  my  aid, 
And  I  am  lowted  by  a  traitor  villain, 
And  cannot  help  the  noble  chevalier  : 
God  comfort  him  in  this  neceffity  ! 
If  he  mifcarrv,  farewel  wars  in  France. 

Enter  Sir  William  Lucy. 

Lucy.  Thou  princely  leader  of  our  Englifh  ftrength, 
Never  fo  needful  on  the  earth  of  France, 
Spur  to  the  refcue  of  the  rloble  Talbot  ; 
Who  now   is  girdled  with  a  wafte  of  iron, 
And  hem'd  about  with  grim  deflruction  : 
To  Bourdeaux,  warlike  Duke  ;  to  Bourdeaux,  York  ! 
Elfe  farewel  Talbot,  France,  and  England's  honour. 

York.  O  God  !  that  Spmerfet,  who  in  proud  heart 
Doth  flop  my  cornets,  were  in  Talbot's  place ! 
So  mould  we  fave  a  valiant  gentleman, 
By  forfeiting  a  traitor  and  a  coward  : 
Mad  ire,  and  wrathful  fury,  makes  me  weep, 
That  thus  we  die,  while  remifs  traitors  (]eep. 

Lucy.  O,  fend  fome  fuccour  to  the  diftrefs'd  lord. 

York.  He  dies,  we  lofe  \  I  break  my  warlike  word  : 
We  mourn,  France  fmiles  :  we  lofe,  they  daily  get  : 
All  long  of  this  vile  traitor  Somerfet. 

Lucy.  Then  God  take  mercy  on  brave  Talbot's  foul, 
And  on  his  fon  young  John  !  who,  two  hours  flnce, 
I  met  in  travel  towards  his  warlike  father  ; 
This  fev'n  years  did  not  Talbot  fee  his  fon, 
And  now  they  meet,  where  both  their  lives  are  done. 

York.  Alas !  what  joy  mall  noble  Talbot  have, 
To  bid  his  young  fon  welcome  to  his  grave  ! 
Away  !   vexation  almoft  flops  my  breath, 
That  fundred  friends  greet  in  the  hour  of  death. 
Lucy,  farewel  -,  no  more  my  fortune  can, 

But 


tfi  The  Firji  Tart  of 

But  curfe  the  caufe  ;  I  cannot  aid  the  man. 

Maine i  Bloys,  Poicliers,  and  Tours  are  won  away, 

Long  all  of  Somerfet,  and  his  delay.  [Exit. 

Lucy.  Thus  while  the  vulture  of  fedition 
Feeds  in  the  bofom  of  fuch  great  commanders, 
Sleeping  neglection  doth  betray  to  lofs 
The  Conquefts  of  our  fcarce-cold  Conqueror  •, 
That  ever-living  man  of  memory, 
Henry  the  Fifth  ! — While  they  each  other  crofs, 
Lives,  honours,  lands,  and  all,  hurry  to  lofs.  [Exit. 

SCENE,  another  Part  of  France. 

Enter  Somerfet,  with  his  army. 

Som.  TT  is  too  late  ;  I  cannot  fend  them  now  : 
JL  This  expedition  was  by  York  and  Talbot 
Too  raihly  plotted.     All  our  gen'ral  force 
Might  with  a  fally  of  the  very  town 
Be  buckled  with.    The  over-daring  Talbot 
Hath  fullied  all  his  glofs  of  former  honour, 
By  this  unheedful,  defp'rate,  wild  adventure  : 
Ysrk  fet  him  on  to  fight,  and  die  in  fhame, 
That,  Talbot  dead,  great  York  might  bear  the  name. 

Capt.  Here  is  Sir  William  Lucy,  who  with  me 
Set  from  our  o'er-match'd  forces  forth  for  aid. 

Enter  Sir  William  Lucy. 

Som  How  now,  Sir  William,  whither  were  you  fent  ? 

Lucy.  Whither,  my  lord  ?  from  bought  and  fold  lord 
Talbot  : 
Who,  ring'd  about  with  bold  adverfity, 
Cries  out  for  noble  York  and  Somerfet, 
To  beat  affailing  death  from  his  weak  legions. 
And  while  the  honourable  Captain  there 
Drops  bloody  fweat  from  his  war-wearied  limbs, 
And,  in  advantage  ling'ring,  looks  for  refcue  ; 
You,  his  falfe  hopes,  the  truft  of  England's  honour, 
Keep  off  aloof  with  worthlefs  emulation. 
Let  not  your  private  difcord  keep  away 

The 


King  Henry  VI.  17$ 

The  levied  fuccours,  that  mould  lend  him  aid ; 
While  he,  renowned  noble  gentleman, 
Yields  up  his  life  unto  a  world  of  odds. 
Orleans  the  Bafiard,  Charles ',  and  Burgundy, 
Alanfin,  Reignier,  compafs  him  about ; 
And  Talbot  perifheth  by  your  default. 

Som.  York  fet  him  on,  York  mould  have  fent  him  aid, 

Lucy.  And  York  as  fa  ft  upon  your  Grace  exclaims  ; 
Swearing,  that  you  with-hold  his  levied  hoft, 
Collected  for  this  expedition. 

Som.  York  lies :  he  might  have  fent,  and  had  the  horfe : 
I  owe  him  little  duty,    and  lefs  love, 
And  take  foul  fcorn  to  fawn  on  him  by  fending. 

Lucy.  The  fraud  of  England,  nor  the  force  of  France, 
Hath  now  entrapt  the  noble-minded  Talbot  : 
Never  to  England  fhall  he  bear  his  life  -, 
But  dies,  betray'd  to  fortune  by  your  ftrife. 

Som.  Come,  go  *,  I  will  difpatch  the  horfemen  ftrait: 
Within  fix  hours  they  will  be  at  his  aid. 

Lucy.  Too  late  comes  refcue  :    he  is  ta'en,  or  (lain  ; 
For  fly  he  could  not,  if  he  would  have  fled  : 
And  fly  would  Talbot  never,  though  he  might. 

Som.  If  he  be  dead,  brave  Talbot,  then  adieu  ! 

Lucy.  His  fame  lives  in  the  world,  his  fhame  in  you. 

[Exeunt. 

S  C  E  N  E,  a  Field  of  Battle  near  Bourdeaux, 

Enter  Talbot,  and  his  fin. 

Tal.  ^V  Young  John  Talbot,  I  did  fend  for  thee 

V^/  To  tutor  thee  in  ftratagems  of  war  •> 
That  Talbot's  name  might  be  in  thee  reviv'd, 
When  faplefs  age,  and  weak  unable  limbs, 
Should  bring  thy  father  to  his  drooping  chair. 
But,  O  malignant  and  ill-boading  ftars  ! 
Now  art  thou  come  unto  a  feaft  of  death, 
A  terrible  and  unavoided  danger. 
Therefore,  dear  boy,  mount  on  my  fwifteft  horfe  -, 

And 


1 74  ffl*  Firft  Tart  of 

And  I'll  direft  thee  how  thou  (halt  efcape 
By  fudden  flight.     Come,  dally  not  ;    be  gone. 
John.  Is  my  name  Talbot  ?  and  am  I  your  Ton  ? 
And  (hall  I  fly  ?  O  !  if  you  love  my  mother, 
Difhonour  not  her  honourable  name, 
To  make  a  baftard,  and  a  (lave  of  me. 
The  world  will  fay,  he  is  not  Talbot's  blood, 
That  bafely  fled,  when  noble  Talbot  flood. 
Tal  Fly,  to  revenge  my  death,  if  I  be  (lain. 

John.  Hq  that  flies  fo,  will  ne'er  return  again. 

Tal  If  we  both  (lay,  we  both  are  fure  to  die. 

John.  Then  let  me  (lay,  and,  father,  do  you  fly : 
Your  lofs  is  great,  fo  your  regard  fhould  be  ; 
My  worth  unknown,  no  lofs  is  known  in  me. 
Upon  my  death  the  French  can  little  boafl  ; 
In  yours  they  will,  in  you  all  hopes  are  loft. 
Flight  cannot  (lain  the  honour  you  have  won  : 
But  mine  it  will,  that  no  exploit  have  done. 
You  fled  for  vantage,  ev'ry  one  will  fwear  : 
But  if  I  bow,  they'll  fay,    it  was  for  fear. 
There  is  no  hope  that  ever  I  will  (lay, 
If  the  firft  hour  I  (hrink,  and  run  away. 
Here,  on  my  knee,  I  beg  mortality, 
Rather  than  life  preferv'd  with  infamy. 

Tal.  Shall  all  thy  mother's  hopes  lye  in  one  tomb  ? 

John.  Ay,  rather  than  I'll  (hame  my  mother's  womb. 

Tal.  Upon  my  bleffing  I  command  thee  go. 

John.  To  fight  I  will,  but  not  to  fly  the  foe. 

Tal.  Part  of  thy  father  may  be  fav'd  in  thee. 

John.  No  part  of  him,  but  will  be  (hame  in  me. 

Tal.  Thou  never  hadft  renown,  nor  canft  not  I'ofe  it. 

John.  Yes,  your  renowned  name  ;  (hall  flight  abufe  it  ? 

Tal.  Thy  father's  charge  (hall  clear  thee  from  that  (lain. 

John.  You  cannot  witnefs  for  me,  being  (lain. 
If  death  be  fo  apparent,  then  both  fly. 

Tal.  And  leave  my  followers  here  to  fight,  and  die  ? 
My  age  was  never  tainted  with  fuch  (hame. 

John.  And  (hall  my  youth  be  guilty  of  fuch  blame  ? 
No  more  can  I  be  fever'd  from  your  fide, 
Than  can  your  felf  your  felf  in  twain  divide  : 

Stay, 


King  Henry  VI.  i'?f 

Stay,  go,  do  what  you  will,  the  like  do  I  ; 
For  live  I  will  not  *,  if  my  father  die. 

TaL  Then  here  I  take  my  leave  of  thee,  fair  fon, 
Born  to  eclipfe  thy  life  this  afternoon  : 
Come,  fide  by  fide,   together  live  and  die  ; 
And  foul  with  foul  from  France  to  heaven  fly.     [Exeunt. 

Alarum  :   excurfwns,    wherein  Talbot' j  fon  his  hemnCd  a- 
bout^  and  Talbot  refcues  him. 

TaL  St.  George ,  and  vi£tory  !  fight,  foldiers,  fight: 
The  Regent  hath  with  Talbot  broke  his  word, 
And  left  us  to  the  rage  of  France's  fword. 
Where  is  John  Talbot  ?  paufe,  and  take  thy  breath  ; 
1  gave  thee  life,  and  refcu'd  thee  from  death. 

John.  O,  twice  my  father  !  twice  am  1  thy  fon  : 
The  life,  thou  gav'ft  me  firft,  was  loft  and  done  •, 
Till  with  thy  warlike  fword,  defpight  of  fate, 
To  mydetermin'd  time  thou  gav'ft  new  date.         [fire, 

TaL  When  from  the  Dauphin's  creft  thy  fword  ft  ruck 
It  warm'd  thy  father's  heart  with  proud  defire 
Of  bold-fac'd  victory.     Then  leaden  age, 
Quicken'd  with  youthful  fpleen  and  warlike  rage, 
Beat  down  Alanfon,  Orleans ,  Burgundy ', 
And  from  the  pride  of  Gallia  refcu'd  thee. 
The  ireful  baftard  Orleans^  that  drew  blood 
From  thee,  my  boy,  and  had  the  maidenhood 
Of  thy  firft  Fight,  I  foon  encountered  ; 
And,  interchanging  blows,  I  quickly  fhed 
Some  of  his  baftard  blood  \  and  in  difgrace 
Befpoke  him  thus :  Contaminated,  bafe, 
And  mif-begotten  blood  I  fpill  of  thine, 
Mean  and  right  poor,  for  that  pure  blood  of  mine, 
Which  thou  didft  force  from  Talbol,  my  brave  boy — 
Here,    purpofing  the  Baftard  to  deftroy, 
Came  in  ftrong  refcue.     Speak,  thy  father's  care, 
Art  not  thou  weary,  John?  how  doft  thou  fare  ? 
Wilt  thou  yet  leave  the  battel,  boy,  and  fly, 
Now  thou  art  feal'd  the  fon  of  Chivalry  ? 
Fly,  to  revenge  my  death,  when  I  am  dead  ; 
The  help  of  one  ftands  me  in  little  ftead. 

Oh, 


176  The  Flrji  Tart  of 

Oh,  too  much  folly  is  it,   well  I  wot, 

To  hazard  all  our  lives  in  one  fmall  boat. 

If  I  to  day  die  not  with  Frenchmen's  rage, 

To  morrow  I  mail  die  with  mickle  age. 

By  me  they  nothing  gain  \  and  if  I  ftay, 

'Tis  but  the  (hortning  of  my  life  one  day. 

In  thee  thy  mother  dies,  our  houfhold's  name, 

My  death's  revenge,  thy  youth,  and  England's  fame  : 

All  thefe,  and  more,  we  hazard  by  thy  ftay  *, 

All  thefe  are  fav'd,  if  thou  wilt  fly  away. 

John.  The  fword  of  Orleans  hath  not  made  me  fmart, 
Thefe  words  of  yours  draw  life-blood  from  my  heart. 
Out  on  that  vantage  bought  with  fuch  a  fhame,  (23) 
To  fave  a  paltry  life,  and  flay  bright  fame  ! 
Before  young  Talbot  from  old  Talbot  fly, 
The  coward  horie,  that  bears  me,  fall  and  die  ! 
And  like  me  to  the  peafant  boys  of  France, 
To  be  fhame's  fcorn,  and  fubjecl:  of  mifchancc, 
Surely,  by  all  the  glory  you  have  won, 
An  if  I  fly,  I  am  not  Talbot's  fon : 
Then  talk  no  more  of  flight,  it  is  no  boot ; 
If  fon  to  Talbot,  die  at  Talbot's  foot. 

Tal.  Then  follow  thou  thy  defp'rate  Sire  of  Creet% 
Thou  Icarus !  thy  life  to  me  is  fweet ; 
If  thou  wilt  fight,  fight  by  thy  father's  fide  ; 
And,  commendable  prov'd,  let's  die  in  pride.      [Exeunt* 

Alarum.     Excurjions.     Enter  old  Talbot,  led, 

Tal.  Where  is  my  other  life  ?    mine  own  is  gone, 
O  !  where's  young  Talbot  ?  where  is  valiant  John  ? 

(23)  On  that  advantage,  bought  with  fuch  a  Shame p 

¥0  fa<ve  a  paltry  life,  and  flay  bright  Fame ! 

Before  young  Talbot  from  old  Talbot^;, 

The  Conjoard  horfe,  that  bears  me,  fall  and  dye .] 
This  paffage  fcems  to  lie  obfcure,  and  disjointed.  Neither  the  Gram- 
mar is  to  be  juflified ;  nor  is  the  Sentiment  better.  I  have  ventur'd  at  a 
flight  Alteration,  which  departs  fo  little  from  the  Reading  which  has 
obtain'd,  but  fp  much  raifes  the  Senfe,  as  well  as  takes  away  the  Obfcu- 
rity,  tkat  I  am  willing  to  think  it  reftores  the  Author's  Meaning. 

Triumphant 


King  Henry  VI.  \77 

Triumphant  Death,  fmear'd  with  captivity  \ 
Young  Talbot's  valour  makes  me  fmile  at  thee. 
When  he  perceiv'd  me  fhrink,  and  on  my  knee, 
His  bloody  fword  he  brandifh'd  over  me; 
And,  like  a  hungry  Lion,  did  commence 
Rough  deeds  of  rage,  and  ftern  impatience: 
But  when  my  angry  Guardant  flood  alone, 
Tendring  my  ruin,  and  aflail'd  of  none, 
Dizzy- ey'd  fury  and  great  rage  of  heart 
Suddenly  made  him  from  my  fide  to  (tart, 
Into  the  cluftring  battel  of  the  French : 
And,  in  that  fea  of  blood,  my  boy  did  drench 
His  over-mounting  fpirit  ;   and  there  dy'd 
My  Icarus !  my  blofibm  in  his  pride  ! 

Enter  John  Talbot,  borne. 

Serv.  O  my  dear  lord  !  lo  !  where  your  fon  is  borne. 

Tal.  Thou  antick  death,    which  laugh'ft  us  here  to 
fcorn, 
Anon,  from  thy  infulting  tyranny, 
Coupled  in  bonds  of  perpetuity, 
Two  Talbots  winged  through  the  lither  skyi 
In  thy  defpight,  fhall  fcape  mortality. 
O  thou,  whofe  wounds  become  hard-favour5  d  death, 
Speak  to  thy  father,  ere  thou  yield  thy  breath. 
Brave  death  by   fpeaking,  whether  he  will  or  no  : 
Imagine  him  a  Frenchman,  and  thy  foe. 
Poor  boy  !    he  fmiles,  methinks,   as  who  fhould  fay, 
"  Had  death  been  French,   then  death  had  died  to  day." 
Come,  come,  and  lay  him  in  his  father's  arms  ; 
My  fpirit  can  no  longer  bear  thefe  harms. 
Soldiers,  adieu  :  I  have  what  I  would  have, 
Now  my  old  arms  are  young  John  Talbot's  Grave.   [Dies, 


Vol.  IV.  M  ACT 


\y%  The  Firjt  Tart  of 


A  C  T    V. 


tc 


SCENE  continues  near  Bourdeaux. 

Enter  Charles,  Alanfon,   Burgundy,  Bajiard  and  Pucelle. 

Charles. 

A  D  York  and  Somerfet  brought  refcue  in, 
We  mould  have  found  a  bloody  day  of  this. 
Baft.  How  the  young  whelp  of  Talbot's  ra- 
ging brood 
Did  flefti  his  puny  fword  in  Frenchmen's  blood  ! 
Pucel  Once  I  encounter' d  him,  and  thus  I  faid  : 
Thou  maiden  youth,  be  vanquifh'd  by  a  maid." 
But  with  a  proud,   majeftical,  high  fcorn 
He  aniwer'd  thus :  "  Young  Talbot  was  not  bom 
**  To  be  the  pillage  of  a  giglot  wench." 
So,  rufhing  in  the  Bowels  of  the  French^ 
He  left  me  proudly,  as  unworthy  fight. 

Bur.  Doubtlefs,  he  would  have  made  a  noble  Knight : 
See,  where  he  lies  inherfed  in  the  arms 
Of  the  moil  bloody  nurfer  of  his  harms. 

Baft.  Hew  them  to  pieces,  hack   their  bones  afunder  ; 
Whofe  life  was  England's  glory,  Gallia's  wonder. 

Char.  Oh,  no :  forbear  :  for  that  which  we  have  fled 
During  the  life,  let  us  not  wrong  it  dead. 

Enter  Sir  William  Lucy. 

Lucy.  Conduct  me  to  the  Dauphin's  tent,  to  know 
Who  hath  obtain5  d  the  glory  of  the  day. 

Char.  On  what  fubmifiive  mefTage  art  thou  fent  ? 

Lucy.  SubmhTion,  Dauphin?  'tis  a  meer  French  word : 
We  EngHJh  warriors  wot  not, ,  what  it  means. 


King  Henry  VI.  179 

J  come  to  know  what  prifoners  thou  haft  ta'en, 
And  to  furvey  the  bodies  of  the  dead. 

Char.  For  prifoners  ask'ft  thou  ?  heJl  our  prifbn  is. 
But  tell  me  whom  thou  feek'ft  ? 

Lucy.  Where  is  the  great  Alcides  of  th.e  field. 
Valiant  lord  Talbot,  Earl  of  Shrewsbury  ? 
Created,  for  his  rare  fuccefs  in  arms, 
Great  Earl  of  tVafhford,  Wat  erf  or  d,  and  Valence, 
Lord  'Talbot  of  Goodrig  and  Urchinfield  ; 
Lord  Strange  of  Blackmere,  lord  Verdon  of  Alton^ 
Lord  Cromwel  of  Wing field,  lord  Fur  nival  of 'Sheffeild* 
The  thrice  victorious  lord  of  Falconbridgey 
Knight  of  the  noble  Order  of  St.  George, 
Worthy  St.  Michael,  and  the  Golden  Fleece> 
Great  Marfhal  to  our  King  Henry  the  Sixth 
Of  all  his  wars  within  the  realm  of  France. 

Pucel  Here  is  a  filly,  ftately,  ftile,  indeed : 
The  Turk,  that  two  and  fifty  Kingdoms  hath, 
Writes  not  fo  tedious  a  ftile  as  this. 
Him  that  thou  magnify'ft  with  all  thefe  titles, 
Stinking,  and  fly-blown,  lies  here  at  our  feet. 

Lucy.  Is  Talbot  flain,  the  Frenchmen's  only  fcourge* 
Your  kingdom's  terrour  and  black  Nernefis  ? 
Oh,  were  mine  eye-balls  into  bullets  turn'd, 
That  I  in  rage  might  moot  them  at  your  faces ! 
Oh,  that  I  could  but  call  thefe  dead  to  life, 
It  were  enough  to  fright  the  realm  of  France  ! 
Were  but  his  pi&ure  left  among  you  here, 
It  would  amaze  the  proudeft  of  you  all. 
Give  me  their  bodies,  that  I  may  bear  them  hence, 
And  give  them  burial,  as  befeems  their  worth, 

Pucel.  I  think,  this  Upftart  is  old  Talbot's  ghoft  ; 
He  fpeaks  with  fuch  a  proud  commanding  fpirit : 
For  God's  fake,  let  him  have  'em  ;  to  keep  them  here^ 
They  would  but  ftink,  and  putrifie  the  air. 

Char.  Go,  take  their  bodies  hence, 

Lucy.  1*11  bear  them  hence  ; 
But  from  their  aflies,  Dauphin,  mall  be  rear'd 
A  Phoenix,  that  fhall  make  all  France  afear'd. 

M  2  Char. 


-JL 


t8o  The  Firji  Tan  of 

Char.  So  we  be  rid  of  them,  do  what  thou  wilt : 
And  now  to  Paris,  in  this  conqu'ring  vein  5 
All  will  be  ours,  now  bloody  Talbot's  (lain.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to  England. 

Enter  King  Henry,  Gloucefter,  and  Exeter. 

K.  Henry.  TJAVE  you  perus'd  the  letters  from  tlic 
n        Pope, 

The  Emperor,  and  the  Earl  of  Armagnac  ? 

Glou.  I  have,  my  lord  ;  and  their  intent  is  this  ; 
They  humbly  fue  unto  your  Excellence, 
To  have  a  godly  Peace  concluded  of, 
Between  the  realms  of  England  and  of  France. 

K.  Henry.  How  doth  your  Grace  affect  this  motion  ? 

Glou.  Well,  my  good  lord  -,  and  as  the  only  means 
To  flop  effufion  of  our  Chriftian  blood, 
And  ftabliih  quietnefs  on  ev'ry  fide. 

K.  Henry.  Ay,  marry,  uncle,  for  I  always  thought 
It  was  both  impious  and  unnatural, 
That  fuch  immanity  and  bloody4lrife 
Should  reign  among  profeflbrs  of  one  Faith. 

Glou.  Befide,  my  lord,  the  fooner  to  effect 
And  furer  bind  this  knot  of  amity, 
The  Earl  of  Armagnac,  near  kin  to  Charles, 
A  man  of  great  authority  in  France, 
Proffers  his  only  daughter  to  your  Grace 
In  marriage,  with  a  large  and  fumptuous  dowry. 

K.  Henry.  Marriage  ?  alas!  my  years  are  yet  too  young: 
And  fitter  is  my  fludy  and  my  books, 
Than  wanton  dalliance  with  a  paramour. 
Yet  call  th'  Ambaffadors  ;  and,  as  you  pleafe, 
So  let  them  have  their  anfwers  ev'ry  one. 
I  fhall  be  well  content  with  any  Choice, 
Tends  to  God's  glory,  and  my  Country's  weal. 

Enter  Winchefter,  and  three  Amhajfadors. 

Exe.  What,  is  my  lord  of  Winchefter  inftall'd, 
And  call'd  unto  a  Cardinal's  degree  ? 

2  Then 


King  Henry  VI.  181 


Then  I  perceive  That  will  be  verify'd, 

Henry  the  Fifth  did  fometime  prophefie  : 

<c  If  once  he  come  to  be  a  Cardinal, 

"  He'll  make  his  Cap  coequal  with  the  Crown." 

K.  Henry.  My  lords  ambaffadors,  your  fev'ral  fuits 
Have  been  confider'd  and  debated  on  ; 
Your  purpofe  is  both  good  and  reafonable  : 
And  therefore  are  we  certainly  refolv'd 
To  draw  conditions  of  a  friendly  Peace, 
Which  by  my  lord  of  Winchefler  we  mean 
Shall  be  tranfported  prefently  to  France. 

Glou.  And  for  the  proffer  of  my  lord  your  mafter, 
I  have  inform'd  his  Highnefs  fo  at  large ; 
As,  liking  of  the  lady's  virtuous  gifts, 
Her  beauty  and  the  value  of  her  dower, 
He  doth  intend  She  fhall  be  England's  Queen. 

K.  Henry.  In  argument  and  proof  of  which  Contract, 
Bear  her  this  Jewel,  pledge  of  my  affection. 
And  fo,  my  Lord  Protector,  fee  them  guarded, 
And  fafely  brought  to  Dover  ;  where,  infhipp'd, 
Commit  them  to  the  fortune  of  the  fea. 

[Exeunt  King  and  Train. 

Win.  Stay,  my  lord  Legate^  you  fhall  firft  receive 
The  fum  of  money,  which  I  promifed 
Should  be  deliver'd  to  his  Holinefs, 
For  cloathing  me  in  thefe  grave  ornaments. 

Legate.  I  will  attend  upon  your  lordfhip's  leifure, 

Win.  Now  Winchefler  will  not  fubmit,  I  trow, 
Or  be  inferior  to  the  proudefl  Peer. 
Humphrey  of  Glo'fter,  thou  malt  well  perceive, 
That  nor  in  birth,  or  for  authority, 
The  Bifhop  will  be  over-borne  by  thee : 
I'll  either  make  thee  ftoop,  and  bend  thy  knee, 
Or  fack  this  country  with  a  mutiny.  [Exeunt. 


M3  SCENE 


;i8i  The  Firji  Fart  of 

SCENE  changes  to  France. 

Enter  Dauphin,  Burgundy,  Alanfon,    Baftard,    Reignier, 

and  Joan  la  Pucelle. 

"Dau*  "HpHES  E  news,    my    lords,     may  cheer  our 

JL  drooping  fpirits : 

'Tis  faid,  the  {lout  rarifians  do  revolt, 
And  turn  again  unto  the  warlike  French, 

Alan.  Then  march  to  Paris,  royal  Charles  of  France, 
And  keep  not  back  your  Pow'rs  in  dalliance. 

PuceL  Peace  be  amongfl  them,  if  they  turn  to  us, 
Ehejluin  combat  with  their  Palaces! 

Enter  Seoul* 

Scout.  Succefs  unto  our  valiant  General, 
And  happinefs  to  his  accomplices  ! 

Dau.  What  tidings  fend  our  fcouts  ?    I  pr'ythee,  fpeak. 

Scout.  The  Englijh  army,  that  divided  was 
Into  two  parts,  is  now  conjoin' d  in  one  ; 
And  means  to  give  you  battel  prefently. 

Dau.  Somewhat  too  fudden,  Sirs,  the  warning  is  i 
But  we  will  prefently  provide  for  them. 

Burg.  I  truft,  the  ghoft  of  Talbot  is  not  there  ; 
Now  he  is  gone,  my  lord,  you  need  not  fear. 

PuceL  Of  all  bafe  paflions  fear  is  moft  accurft. 
Command  the  Conqueft,  Charles,  it  fhall  be  thine  : 
JLet  Henry  fret,  and  all  the  world  repine. 

Dau.  Then  on,  my  lords  ;  and  France  be  fortunate. 

{Exeunt. 

Alarm  :  excurfions.    Enter  Joan  la  Pucelle. 

PuceL  The  Regent  conquers,  and  the  Frenchmen  fly. 
Now  help,  ye  charming  Spells  and  Periapts  *, 
And  ye  choice  Spirits,  that  admonifh  me, 
And  give  me  figns  of  future  accidents;  [Thunder. 

You  fpeedy  helpers,  that  are  fubftitutes 

Under 


King  Henry  VI.  183 

Under  the  lordly  monarch  of  the  North, 
Appear,  and  aid  me  in  this  enterprize. 

Enter  Fiends. 

This  fpeedy  quick  appearance  argues  proof 

Of  your  accuftom'd  diligence  to  me. 

Now,  ye  familiar  fpirits,  that  are  cull'd 

Out  of  the  pow'rful  regions  under  earth, 

Help  me  this  once,  that  France  may  get  the  field. 

[They  walk,  and  /peak  not. 
Oh,  hold  me  not  with  filence  over  long  : 
Where  I  was  wont  to  feed  you  with  my  blood, 
I'll  lop  a  member  off,  and  give  it  you 
In  earned  of  a  further  benefit : 
So  you  do  condefcend  to  help  me  now. 

[They  bang  their  heads. 
No  hope  to  have  redrefs  ?  my  body  fhall 
Pay  recompence,  if  you  will  grant  my  fuit. 

[They  Jhake  their  heads. 
Cannot  my  body,  nor  blood- facrifice, 
Intreat  you  to  your  wonted  furtherance  ? 
Then,  take  my  foul  j  my  body,  foul  and  all ; 
Before  that  England  give  the  French  the  foil.  [They  depart. 
See,  they  forfake  me.    Now  the  time  is  come, 
That  France  muft  vail  her  lofty  plumed  creft, 
And  let  her  head  fall  into  England's  lap. 
My  antient  incantations  are  too  weak, 
And  Hell  too  ftrong  for  me  to  buckle  with  :  — 

Now,  France,  thy  glory  droopethto  the  dull.  [Exit, 

Excurfions.     Pucelle  and  York  fight  hand  to    hand. 
Pucelle  is  taken.     The  French/}'. 

York.  Damfel  of  France,  I  think,  I  have  you  faft. 
Unchain  your  Spirits  now  with  fpelling  Charms, 
And  try  if  they  can  gain  your  liberty. 
A  goodly  prize,  fit  for  the  devil's  Grace  ! 
See,  how  the  ugly  witch  doth  bend  her  brows, 
As  if,  with  Circe,  fhe  would  change  my  fhape. 

Pu-cel  Chang'd  to  a  worfer  fhape  thou  canft  not  be. 

M  4  Torh 


i^  The  Fir/2  Part  of 

Tork.  Oh,  Charles  the  Dauphin  is  a  proper  man  5 
No  fhape,  but  his,  can  pleafe  your  dainty  eye. 

Pn eel.  A  plaguing  raifchief  light  on  Charles  and  thee  ! 
And  may  ye  both  be  fuddenly  furpris'd 
By  bloody  hands,  in  fleeping  on  your  beds! 

Tork.  Fell,  banning  hag  !  inchantrefs,  hold  thy  tongue. 

Pucel.  I  pr'ythee,  give  me  leave  to  curfe  a-while. 

Tork.  Curfe,  mifcreant,  when  thou  comeft  to  the  flake. 

[Exeunt. 

Alarm.    Eni.  r  Suffolk,  with  Lady  Margaret  in  his  hand. 

Suf.  Be  what  thou  wilt,  thou  art  my  prifoner. 

[Gazes  on  her. 
Oh,  fairefl  beauty,  do  not  fear,  nor  fly  ; 
For  I  will  touch  thee  but  with  reverend  hands  : 
I  kifs  thefe  fingers  for  eternal  peace, 
"And  lay  them  gently  on  thy  tender  fide. 
Who  art  thou  ?  fay  *,  that  I  may  honour  thee. 

Mar.  Margaret,  my  name  ;   and  daughter  to  a  King  ; 
The  King  of  Naples  ;  whofoe'er  thou  art. 

Suf.  An  Earl  I  am,  and  Suffolk  am  I  call'd. 
Be  not  offended,   Nature's  miracle, 
Thou  art  allotted  to  be  ta'en  by  me : 
So  doth  the  Swan  her  downy  cignets  fave, 
Keeping  them  pris'ners  underneath  her  wings. 
Yet  if  this  fervile  ufage  once  offend, 
Go  and  be  free  again,  as  Suffolk's  friend.  [She  is  going. 

Oh,  flay  !   1  have  no  pow'r  to  let  her  pafs  ; 
My  hand  would  free  her,  but  my  heart  fays,  no. 
As  plays  the  fun  upon  the  glafly  flreams, 
Twinkling  another  counterfeited  beam, 
So  feems  this  gorgeous  beauty  to  mine  eyes. 
Fain  would  I  woo  her,  yet  I  dare  not  fpeak  :  ' 
I'll  call  for  pen  and  ink,  and  write  my  mind. 
Fie,  De  la  Pole,  difable  not  thy  felf  : 
Haft  not  a  tongue  ?  is  fhe  not  here  thy  pris'ner  ? 
Wilt  thou  be  daunted  at  a  woman's  fight  ? 
Ay  ;  Beauty's  princely  Majefty  is  fuch, 
Confounds  the  tongue,  and  makes  the  fenfes  rough. 

Mar. 


King  Henri  VI-  t-lf 

Mar.  Say,  Earl  of  Suffolk,  if  thy  name  be  fo, 
What  ranfom  muft  I  pay  before  I  pafs  ? 
For,  I  perceive,  I  am  thy  prifoner. 

Suf.  How  canft  thou  tell,  fhe  will  deny  thy  fuit,  (24) 
Before  thou  make  a  tryal  of  her  love  ?  \_Afide. 

Mar.  Why  fpeak'ft  thou  not  ?    what  ranfom  mull  I 
pay? 

Suf  She's  beautiful  ;  and  therefore  to  be  wooed : 
She  is  a  woman  ;  therefore  to  be  won.  {Afide* 

Mar.  Wilt  thou  accept  of  ranfom,  yea,  or  no? 

Suf.  Fond  man  !  remember,  that  thou  haft  a  wife  \ 
Then  how  can  Margaret  be  thy  paramour?  \_Afide. 

Mar.  'Twere  bell:  to  leave  him,  for  he  will  not  hear. 

Suf  There  all  is  marr'd  ;  there  lies  a  cooling  card. 

Mar.  He  talks  at  random  ;  fure,  the  man  is  mad. 

Suf.  And  yet  a  Difpenfation  may  be  had. 

Mar.  And  yet  I  would,  that  you  would  anfwer  me. 

Suf.  I'll  win  this  lady  Margaret.     For  whom  ? 
Why,  for  my  King :   Turn,  that's  a  wooden  thing. 

Mar.  He  talks  of  wood  :  it  is  fome  carpenter. 

Suff.  Yet  fo  my  fancy  may  be  fatisfy'd, 
And  Peace  eftablifhed  between  thefe  realms. 
But  there  remains  a  fcruple  in  that  too  : 
For  though  her  father  be  the  King  of  Naples^ 
Duke  of  Anjou  and  Main,    yet  he  is  poor  ; 
And  our  Nobility  will  fcorn  the  match.  [Afide. 

Mar.  Hear  ye  me,  Captain  ?  are  ye  not  at  leifure  ? 

Suf  It  mail  be  fo,  difdain  they  ne'er  fo  much : 
Henry  is  youthful,  and  will  quickly  yield. 
Madam,  I  have  a  fecret  to  reveal. 

Mar.  What  tho'  I  be  inthrail'd,  he  feems  a  Knight, 
And  will  not  any  way  difhonour  me.  [Afde. 

Suf  Lady,  vouchsafe  to  liften  what  I  fay. 

Mar.  Perhaps,  I  mall  be  refcu'd  by  the  French  ; 
And  then  I  need  not  crave  his  courtefie.  .  [Ajide. 

(24)  How  carift  thou  tell,  &c]  This  Inattention  of  Suffolk  to  Marga- 
ret, while  he  is  ruminating  to  himfelf,  is  pradis'd  before  by  our  Author, 
(and  with  infinitely  more  Maltery,  and  Humour ;)  in  his  Second  part  of 
K.  Henry  the  IVth,  in  a  Scene  betwixt  the  Lord  Chief  Juflice  and  Sir 
JohnJalftaffe. 

Suf 


i  U  The  Brji  Tart  of 

Suf.  Sweet  madam,  give  Me  hearing  in  acaufe. 
Mar.  Tu(h,  women  have  been  captivate  ere  now. 

[Jfide* 

Suf.  Lady,  wherefore  talk  you  fo  ? 

Mar.  I  cry  you  mercy,  'tis  but  Quid  for  Quo. 

Suf.  Say,  gentle  Princefs,  would  you  not  fuppofe 
Your  bondage  happy,  to  be  made  a  Queen  ? 

M£r.  To  be  a  Queen  in  bondage,  is  more  vile 
Than  is  a  flave  in  bafe  fervility  ; 
For  Princes  fhould  be  free. 

Suf.  And  fo  (hall  you, 
If  happy  England's  Royal  King  be  free. 
'  Mar.  Why,  what  concerns  his  freedom  unto  me  ? 

Suf.  I'll  undertake  to  make  thee  Henry's  Queen, 
To  put  a  golden  Scepter  in  thy  hand, 
And  fet  a  precious  Crown  upon  thy  head, 

If  thou  wilt  condefcend  to  be  my 

-     Mar.  What? 

Suf.  His  love. 

Mar.  I  am  unworthy  to  be  Henrfs  wife. 

Suf.  No,  gentle  Madam  ;  I  unworthy  am 
To  woo  fo  fair  a  dame  to  be  his  wife  •, 
And  have  no  portion  in  the  choice  my  felf. 
How  fay  you,  Madam,  are  you  fo  content  ? 

Mar.  An  if  my  father  pleafe,  I  am  content. 

Suf.  Then  call  our  Captains  and  our  Colours  forth, 
And,   Madam,  at  your  father's  caftle-walls, 
We'll  crave  a  parley,  to  confer  with  him. 

Sound.     Enter  Reignier  on  the  walls. 

Suf.  See,  Reignier,  fee  thy  daughter  prifoner. 

Reig.  To  whom  ? 

Suf.  To  me. 

Reig.  Suffolk,  what  remedy  ? 
I  am  a  foldier  and  unapt  to  weep, 
Or  to  exclaim  on  fortune's  ficklenefs. 

Suf.  Yes,  there  is  remedy  enough,   my  lord : 
Confent,  and  for  thy  honour  give  confent, 
Thy  daughter  fhall  be  wedded  to  my  King ; 
Whom  I  with  pain  have  woo'd  and  won  thereto  ? 

r  And 


King  Henry  VI.  187 

And  this  her  eafie-held  imprifonment 
Hath  gain'd  thy  daughter  princely  liberty. 

Reig.  Speaks  Suffolk  as  he  thinks  ? 

Suf.  Fair  Margaret  knows, 
That  Suffolk  doth  not  flatter,  face,    or  fain. 

Reig.  Upon  thy  Princely  Warrant  I  defcend; 
To  give  thee  anfwer  of  thy  juft  demand. 

Suf.  And  here  I  will  expecl:  thy  Coming. 

Trumpets  found.     Enter  Reignier. 

Reig.  Welcome,  brave  Earl,  into  our  territories ; 
Command  in  Anjou  what  your  Honour  pleafes. 

Suf.  Thanks,  Reignier,  happy  in  lb  fweet  a  child, 
Fit  to  be  made  companion  of  a  King : 
What  anfwer  makes  your  Grace  unto  my  fuit? 

Reig.  Since  thou  doft  deign  to  woo  her  little  worth, 
To  be  the  Princely  bride  of  fuch  a  lord  \ 
Upon  condition  I  may  quietly 
Enjoy  mine  own,  the  country  Maine  and  Anjouy 
Free  from  oppreflion  or  the  ftroke  of  war, 
My  daughter  (hall  be  Henry\  if  he  pleafe. 

Suf.  That  is  her  ranfom,  I  deliver  her  ; 
And  thofe  two  Counties,  I  will  undertake, 
Your  Grace  fhall  well  and  quietly  enjoy. 

Reig.  And  I  again  in  Henry's  Royal  name, 
As  Deputy  unto  that  gracious  King, 
Give  thee  her  hand  for  fign  of  plighted  faith. 

Suf.  Reignier  of  France,  I  give  thee  kingly  thanks, 
Becaufe  this  is  in  traffick  of  a  King. 
And  yet,  methinks,  I  could  be  well  content  (25) 
To  be  mine  own  Attorney  in  this  cafe.  \Afide% 

(25)  I  could  he  well  content 

7b  be  mine  own  Attorney  in  this  Cafe.]  i.  e.  I  could  like  to  ac*l  in  my 
own  Behalf  in  this  Affair,  to  negotiate  for  myfelf.  So,  before,  in  King 
John ; 

In  us,  that  are  our  own  great  Deputy ; 
i.  e.  in  me,  who  ad  for  myfelf,  in  my  own  Right.  Tho  this  kind  of 
Expreflion,  in  ftri&nefs  of  Senfe,  or  Language,  may  not  be  fo  juitifiable ; 
yet  they  are  Either  of  them  very  intelligible  by  Implication :  and  there 
are  many  Authorities  in  our  Author,  and  other  Poets,  to  keep  them  in 
Countenance,  where  there  is  fuch  a  Contradiction  in  the  Terms,  that 

they 


iSS  FheFhJiTartof, 

they  cannot  be  reconciFd  but  by  being  explain'd  into  a  Meaning.    ^ 
inftance  in  a  few  Paffages ; 
Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona ; 

Is  it  mine  Eye,  or  Valentino'j  Praife, 

Her  true  Perfeclion,  or  my  falfe  Tranfgrefiion, 

That  makes  me  reafonlefs,  to  reafon  thus  ? 
So  likewife  in  Hamlet ; 

■ Try  what  Repentance  can ; 

Yet  what  can  it,  <when  One  cannot  repent  ? 
Nor  are  Examples  of  this  fort  wanting  in  Beaumont  and  Fletcher* 
Queen  of  Corinth : 

Come,  we  muji  do  thefe  mutual  Offices  ; 

We  muji  be  our  own  Seconds. 
King  and  no  King : 

Think,  how  this  Want  of  Grief  difcr edits  you, 

And  you  will  weep,  becaufe  you  cannot  weep. 
And  in  Bonduca : 

Thofe  Men,  befide  themfelves,  allow  no  Neighbours. 
I  have  produced  thefe  Authorities,  in  Reply  to  a  Criticifin  of  Mr.  Pope\ ; 
becaufe,  in  the  Gaiety  of  his  Wit  and  good  Humour,  he  was  pleas'd  to  be 
very  fmart  upon  me,  as  he  thought,  for  a  Line,  in  a  pojlhumous  Play  of 
*6ur  Author's  which  I  brought  upon  the  Stage. 
Double  Falfhood : 

Nought,  but  itfelf,  can  be  its  Parallel. 
It  is  fpoken  of  an  Action  fo  enormous,  that  the  Poet  meant,  it  had  no 
Equal  upon  Record.     I  have  fhewn  from  Examples,  that  fuch  a  Licence 
in  Expreflion  was  pra&is'd  in  our  Engli/h  Writers :  Til  fubjoin  a  few  In- 
ilangss  of  the  fame  Liberty,  taken  by  the  bell:  Roman  ClafTics. 

■        tarn  confimil'  eji  at  que  ego. 

Plaut.  in  Amphitr* 


■  >  m  in         modb  formofjfimus  Infans, 

Jamjwvenis,  jam  <vir,  jam  fe  formofior  ipfo. 

!       ■  ,.—.-— .guar     Ucidae  parem  ? 

Nemo  eji,  nift  ipfe. 

Proximus  fum  Egomet     ihi. 


Ovid.  Met  am, 

Senec.  Hen.  fur. 
Terent.  Andria. 


■Gnat a,  quid  genubus  meis 


Ties  advcluta,  quid  prece  indomitum  domas  ? 

Senec.  Thebaid. 

Patriam  fetendo  perdis  P  ut  fat  tua, 

Vis  ejfe  nullam  ?  Idem  ibid. 

Sed  vetuere  Patres,  quod  non  potuere  vetare. 

Ovid.  Met  am. 
I  know,  fome  learned  Men  have  fufpe&ed  the  Pointing  of  this  laft 
Paflage,  and  clapp'd  the  latter  Part  of  the  Hemiftich  to  agree  with  a 
fubfequent  Line  there.  But,  I  think,  the  Verfe  is  perfeaiy  Onndian  as 
it  is,  and  means  this ;  But  the  Parents  forbad  what  they  could  not  hinder.— 
For  vetare  fignifies,  trohibere  diclis  Sc  fafiis,  as  Martinius  tells  us. 

rn 


IGng  Henri  VI.  £85* 

Fll  over  then  to  England  with  this  News, 
And  make  this  marriage  to  be  folemniz'd : 
So  farewel,  Reignier  •,  fet  this  diamond  fafe 
In  golden  Palaces,  as  ic  becomes. 

Keig,  I  do  embrace  thee,  as  I  would  embrace 
The  Chriftian  Prince  King  Henry ,  were  he  here. 

Mar.  Farewel,   my  lord :   good  wifhes,  praife  and 
pray'rs 
Shall  Suffolk  ever  have  of  Margaret,  [She  is  going. 

Suf.  Farewel,  fweet  Madam ;  hark  you,  Margaret  > 
No  princely  commendations  to  my  King? 

Mar.  Such  commendations  as  become  a  maid, 
A  virgin  and  his  fervant,  fay  to  him. 

Suf.  Words  fweetly  plac'd,  and  modeftly  directed 
But,  Madam,  I  muft  trouble  you  again, 
No  loving  token  to  his  Majefty  ?  At 

Mar.  Yes,  my  good  lord,  a  pure  unfpotted  heart, 
Never  yet  taint  with  love,  I  fend  the  King. 

Suf.  And  this  withal.  [Kiffis  herf 

Mar.  That  for  thy  felf 1  will  not  fo  prefume, 

To  fend  fuch  peevifh  tokens  to  a  King. 

Suf.  O,  wert  thou  for  my  felf! — but,  Suffolk^  flay  » 
Thou  may'ft  not  wander  in  that  labyrinth  ; 
There  Minotaurs,  and  ugly  treafons,  lurk. 
Sollicit  Henry  with  her  wond'rous  praife, 
Bethink  thee  on  her  virtues  that  furmount, 
Her  nat'ral  graces  that  extir.guifh  art ; 
Repeat  their  femblance  often  on  the  feas ; 
That,  when  thou  com'ft  to*  kneel  at  Henry's  feet, 
Thou  may'ft  bereave  him  of  his  wits  with  wonder. 

[Exeuttf. 

Enter  York,  Warwick,  a  Shepherd^  and  Pucelle. 

Tork.  Bring  forth  that  forcerefs,  condemn'd  to  burn. 

Step.  Ah,  Joan !  this  kills  thy  father's  heart  outright. 
Have  I  fought  ev'ry  Country  far  and  near, 
And  now  it  is  my  chance  to  find  thee  out, 
Muft  I  behold  thy  timelefs,  cruel,  death  ! 
Ah,  Joan^  fweet  daughter,  I  will  die  with  thee. 

Pucel. 


ipo  The  Ftrfi  Tart  of 

Pual.  Decrepit  mifer  !  bafe  ignoble  wretch  ! 
I  am  defcended  of  a  gentler  blood. 
Thou  art  no  father,  nor  no  friend,  of  mine. 

Shep.  Out,  out ! — my  lords,  an  pleafe  you,  'tis  not  fo  j 
I  did  beget  her,  all  the  parifh  knows  : 
Her  mother,  living  yet,  can  teftify, 
She  was  the  tirft  fruit  of  my  batch' lormip. 

War.  Gracelefs,  wilt  thou  deny  thy  parentage  ? 

York.  This  argues,  what  her  kind  of  life  hath  been. 
Wicked  and  vile  ;  and  fo  her  death  concludes. 

Shep.  Fie,  Joan^  that  thou  wilt  be  {o  obftacle  : 
God  knows,  thou  art  a  collop  of  my  flefh, 
And  for  thy  fake  have  I  fhed  many  a  tear ; 
Deny  me  not,  I  pray  thee,  gentle  Joan. 

Pucel.  Peafant,  avaunt !  You  have  fuborn'd  this  man 
Of  purpofe  to  obfcure  my  noble  birth. 

Shep.  'Tis  true,  I  gave  a  noble  to  the  prieft, 
The  morn  that  I  was  wedded  to  her  mother. 
Kneel  down  and  take  my  blefling,  good  my  girl. 
Wilt  thou  not  (loop  ?  now  curfed  be  the  time 
Of  thy  nativity  !  I  would,  the  milk, 
Thy  mother  gave  thee  when  thou  fuck'dft  her  bread, 
Had  been  a  little  ratsbane  for  thy  fake : 
Or  elfe,  when  thou  didft  keep  my  lambs  a- field, 
I  wifh,  fome  rav'nous  wolf  had  eaten  thee. 
Doft  thou  deny  thy  father,  curfed  drab  ? 
O,  burn  her,  burn  her  ;  hanging  is  too  good.  [Exit. 

York.  Take  her  away,  for  (he  hath  liv'd  too  long, 
To  fill  the  world  with  vinous  qualities. 

Pucel.    Firft,  let  me  tell  you,   whom  you  have  con- 
demn'd ; 
Not  me  begotten  of  a  fhepherd  fwain, 
But  ifTu'd  from  the  progeny  of  Kings  y 
Virtuous  and  holy,  chofen  from  above, 
By  infpiration  of  celeftial  grace, 
To  work  exceeding  miracles  on  earth: 
I  never  had  to  do  with  wicked  Spirits. 
But  you,  that  are  polluted  with  your  lufls, 
Stain'd  with  the  guiltlefs  blood  of  innocents, 
Corrupt  and  tainted  with  a  thoufand  vices, 

i  Becaufe 


King  Henry  VI.  lpi 

Becaufe  you  want  the  grace,  that  others  have, 
You  judge  ic  ftreight  a  thing  impofllble 
To  compafs  wonders,  but  by  help  of  devils. 
No,  misconceived  Joan  of  Arc  hath  been 
A  virgin  from  her  tender  infancy, 
Chafte  and  immaculate  in  very  thought ; 
Whofe  maiden  blood,  thus  rig'roufly  effus'd, 
Will  cry  for  vengeance  at  the  gates  of  heav'n. 

York.  Ay,  ay  ;  away  with  her  to  execution. 

War.  And  heark  ye,  Sirs ;  becaufe  fhe  is  a  maid, 
Spare  for  no  faggots,  let  there  be  enow : 
Place  pitchy  barrels  on  the  fatal  ftake, 
That  fo  her  torture  may  be  fhortened. 

Pucel.  Will  nothing  turn  your  unrelenting  hearts  ? 
Then,  Joan,  difcover  thine  infirmity ; 
That  warranteth  by  law  to  be  thy  privilege. 
I  am  with  child,  ye  bloody  homicides  : 
Murther  not  then  the  fruit  within  my  womb, 
Although  ye  hale  me  to  a  violent  death. 

York.  Now,  heav'n  forefend !  the  holy  maid  with  child  ? 

War.  The  greateft  miracle  that  ere  you  wrought : 
Is  all  your  ftricl:  precifenefs  come  to  this  ? 

York.  She  and  the  Dauphin  have  been  juggling : 
I  did  imagine,  what  would  be  her  refuge. 

War.  Well,  go  to  ;  we  will  have  no  baftards  live ; 
Efpecially,  fince  Charles  muft  father  it. 

Pucel.  You  are  deceiv'd,  my  child  is  none  of  his » 
It  was  Alanfon,  that  enjoy'd  my  love. 

York.  Alanfon  !  that  notorious  Machiavel! 
It  dies,  an  if  it  had  a  thoufand  lives. 

Pucel.  O,  give  me  leave,  I  have  deluded  you ; 
'Twas  neither  Charles,  nor  yet  the  Duke  I  nam'd, 
But  Reignier,  King  of  Naples^  that  prevail' d. 

War.  A  married  man  !  that's  moft  intolerable. 

York.  Why,  here's  a  girl  \  I  think,  fhe  knows  not  well, 
(There  were  fo  many)  whom  fhe  may  accufe. 

War.  It's  fign,  fhe  hath  been  liberal  and  free. 

York.  And  yet,  forfooth,  fhe  is  a  virgin  pure. 
Strumpet,  thy  words  condemn  thy  brat  and  thee  : 
Ufe  no  intreaty,  for  it  is  in  vain. 

Puceh 


Y$>2  fthe  Firfi  <Part  of 

Pucel  Then  lead  me  hence ;  with  whom  I  leave  my 
curfe. 
May  never  glorious  fun  reflex  his  beams 
Upon  the  country  where  you  make  abode  ! 
But  darknefs  and  the  gloomy  made  of  death 
Inviron  you,  till  mifchief  and  defpair 
Drive  you  to  break  your  necks,  or  hang  your  felves ! 

[Exit,  guarded* 

York.  Break  thou  in  pieces,  and  confume  to  afhes, 
Thou  foul  accurfed  minifter  of  hell ! 

Enter  Cardinal  of  Winchefter. 

Car.  Lord  Regent,  I  do  greet  your  Excellence 
With  letters  of  Commiflion  from  the  King. 
For  know,  my  lords,  the  dates  of  Chriftendom, 
Mov'd  with  remorfe  of  thefe  outrageous  broils, 
Have  earneftly  implor'd  a  gen'ral  Peace 
Betwixt  our  nation  and  th'  afpiring  French  ; 
And  fee  at  hand  the  Dauphin,  and  his  train, 
Approaching  to  confer  about  fome  matters. 

York.  Is  all  our  travel  turn'd  to  this  effect  ? 
After  the  (laughter  of  fo  many  Peers, 
So  many  Captains,   gentlemen  and  foldiers, 
That  in  this  quarrel  have  been  overthrown, 
And  fold  their  bodies  for  their  country's  benefit, 
Shall  we  at  laft  conclude  effeminate  Peace  ? 
Have  we  not  loft  mod  part  of  all  the  towns, 
By  treafon,  falfhood,  and  by  treachery, 
Our  great  progenitors  had  conquered  ? 
Oh,  Warwick,  Warwick  !  I  forefee  with  grief 
The  utter  lofs  of  all  the  realm  of  France. 

War.  Be  patient,  York  ;  if  we  conclude  a  Peace, 
It  fhall  be  with  fuch  Uriel:  and  fevere  covenants, 
As  little  fhall  the  Frenchmen  gain  thereby. 

Enter  Charles,  Alanfon,  Baftard,  and  Reignier. 

Char.  Since,  lords  of  England,  it  is  thus  agreed, 
That  peaceful  Truce  fhall  be  proclaim'd  in  France  ; 
We  come  to  be  informed  by  your  felves, 
What  the  conditions  of  that  league  muft  be. 

York. 


King  Henry  VI.  193 

York.  Speak,  Winchefter ;   for  boiling  choler  chokes 
The  hollow  pafifage  of  my  prifon'd  voice, 
By  fight  of  thefe  our  baleful  enemies. 

Win.  Charles  and  the  reft,  it  is  enacted  thus  : 
That  in  regard  King  Henry  gives  confent, 
Of  meer  companion,  and  of  lenity, 
To  eafe  your  Country  of  diftrefsful  war, 
And  fuffer  you  to  breathe  in  fruitful  Peace  ; 
You  fhall  become  true  liegemen  to  his  Crown.  . 
And,  Charles,  upon  condition  thou  wilt  fwear 
To  pay  him  Tribute  and  fubmit  thy  felf, 
Thou  fhalt  be  plac'd  as  Viceroy  under  him  ; 
And  ftill  enjoy  thy  regal  Dignity. 

Alan.  Muft  he  be  then  a  Ihadow  of  himfelf  ? 
Adorn  his  temples  with  a  Coronet, 
And  yet  in  fubftance  and  authority 
Retain  but  privilege  of  a  private  man  ? 
This  proffer  is  abfurd  and  reafonlefs. 

Char.  'Tis  known,  already  that  I  am  poffeft 

Of  more  than  half  the  Gallian  Territories, 

And  therein  rev'renc'd  for  their  lawful  King. 

Shall  I,  for  lucre  of  the  reft  un-vanquiih'd, 

Detract  fo  much  from  that  prerogative, 

As  to  be  call'd  but  Viceroy  of  the  whole  ? 

No,   lord  ambafiador,  I'll  rather  keep 

That  which  I  have,  than,  coveting  for  more, 

Be  caft  from  poffibility  of  all. 

York.  Infulting  Charles,   haft  thou  by  fecret  means 

Us'd  interceflion  to  obtain  a  League  ; 

And  now  the  matter  grows  to  compromife^ 

Stand'ft  thou  aloof  upon  comparifon  ? 

Either  accept  the  title  thou  ufurp'ft, 

Of  benefit  proceeding  from  our  King, 

And  not  of  any  challenge  of  defert, 

Or  we  will  plague  thee  with  incefiant  wars; 
Reig.  My  lord,  you  do  not  well  in  obitinaey 

To  cavil  in  the  courfe  of  this  Contract: 

If  once  it  be  neglected,   ten  to  one, 

We  fhall  not  find  like  opportunity. 

Vol.  IV.  N  Alan. 


1 94  tte  Ftrji  Tart  of 

Alan.  To  fay  the  truth,  it  is  your  policy, 
To  fave  your  Subjeels  from  fuch  maflacre, 
And  ruthlefs  {laughters,  as  are  daily  feen 
By  our  proceeding  in  hoftility. 
And  therefore  take  this  compact  of  a  Truce, 
Although  you  break  it,  when  your  pleafure  ferves. 

[Afide^  to  the  Dauphin, 

War,  How  fay'ft  thou^    Charles  ?    mail  our  Condition 

Char.  It  mall :  [ftand  ? 

Only  referv'd,  you  claim  no  intereft 
In  any  of  our  towns  of  garrifon. 

York.  Then  fwear  allegiance  to  his  Majefty. 
As  thou  art  Knight,  never  to  difobey, 
Nor  be  rebellious  to  the  Crown  of  England  : 
Thou,  nor  thy  Nobles,  to  the  Crown  of  England. 
So  now  difmifs  your  army,  when  you  pleafe  : 
JKang  up  your  enfigns,  let  your  drums  be  ftill, 
For  here  we  entertain  a  folemn  Peace.  [Exeunt* 

SCENE  changes  to  England. 

Enter  Suffolk,  in  conference  With  King  Henry  \  Gloucefter, 

'    and  Exeter. 

K.  Henry.  X7*  O U R  wond'rous  rare  defcription,  noble 

X  Earl, 

Of  beauteous  Margaret  hath  aftoniuYd  me  : 
Her  virtues,  graced  with  external  gifts, 
Do  breed  love's  fettled  paMions  in  my  heart. 
And,  like  as  rigour  of  tempeftuous  gufts 
Provokes  the  mightieft  hulk  againft  the  tide, 
So  am  I  driv'n  by  breath  of  her  renown, 
Either  to  fuffer  fhipwrack,  or  arrive 
Where  I  may  have  fruition  of  her  love. 

Suf.  Tufh,  my  good  lord,  this  mperficial  tale 
Is  but  a  preface  to  her  worthy  praife  : 
The  chief  perfections  of  that  lovely  dame, 
(Had  I  fufficient  skill  to  utter  them,) 
Would  make  a  volume  of  inticing  lines, 
Able  to  ravifh  any  dull  conceit. 

And, 


King  Henry  VL  ipy 

And,  which  is  more,  fhe  is  not  fo  divine, 
So  full  replete  with  choice  of  all  delights, 
.But  with  as  humble  lowlinefs  of  mind 
She  is  content  to  be  at  your  command: 
Command,  I  mean,  of  virtuous  chafte  intents, 
To  love  and  honour  Henry  as  her  lord. 

K.  Henry.  And  otherwise  will  Henry  ne'er  prefume  ; 
Therefore,  my  lord  Protector,  give  confent, 
That  Marg'ret  may  be  Etigland's  Royal  Queen. 
Glou.  So  mould  I  give  confent  to  flatter  (in. 
You  know,  my  lord,  your  Highnefs  is  betrotji'd 
Unto  another  lady  of  efteem : 
How  fhall  we  then  difpenfe  with  that  Contract, 
And  not  deface  your  honour  with  reproach  ? 
Sufi,  As  doth  a  Ruler  with  unlawful  oaths  ; 
Or  one,  that,  at  a  Triumph  having  vow'd 
To  try  his  ftrength,  forfaketh  yet  the  Lifts 
By  reafon  of  his  adverfary's  odds. 
A  poor  Earl's  daughter  is  unequal  odds  ; 
And  therefore  may  be  broke  without  offence. 

Glou.  Why,  what,  I  pray,  is  Marg'ret  more  than  that? 
Her  father  is  no  better  than  an  Earl, 
Although  in  glorious  titles  he  excell. 

Suf.  Yes,  my  good  lord,  her  father  is  a  King, 
The  King  of  Naples  and  Jerufalem  ; 
And  of  filch  great  authority  in  France, 
That  his  Alliance  will  confirm  our  Peace  ; 
And  keep  the  Frenchmen  in  allegiance. 

Glou.  And  fo  the  Earl  of  Armagnac  may  do, 
Becaufe  he  is  near  kinfman  unto  Charles. 

Exe.  Befide,  his  wealth  doth  warrant  lib'ral  Dow'r, 
While  Reignier  fooner  will  receive,  than  give. 

Sufi.  A  Dow'r,   my  lords  !  difgrace  not  fo  your  King, 
That  he  mould  be  fo  abject,  bafe  and  poor, 
To  chufe  for  wealth,  and  not  for  perfect  love. 
Henry  is  able  to  enrich  his  Queen  ; 
And  not  to  feek  a  Queen,  to  make  him  rich. 
So  worthlefs  peafants  bargain  for  their  wives, 
As  market- men  for   Oxen,  Sheep  or  Horfe. 
But  marriage  is  a  matter  of  more  worth, 

N  2  Than 


%96  Ithe  Firft  Tart  of 

Than  to  be  dealt  in  by  Attorneyfhip  :' 

Not  whom  we  will,  but  whom  his  Grace  affects, 

Muft  be  companion  of  his  nuptial  bed. 

And  therefore,  lords,  fince  he  affects  her  moft, 

It  mod  of  all  thefe  reafons  bindeth  us, 

In  our  opinions  fhe  mould  be  prefer'd  ; 

For  what  is  wedlock  forced,  but  a  hell, 

An  age  of  difcord  and  continual  ftrife  ? 

Whereas  the  contrary  bringeth  forth  Blifs, 

And  is  a  pattern  of  celeftial  Peace. 

Whom  mould  we  match  with  Henry,  being  a  King, 

But  Marg9ret,  that  is  daughter  to  a  King  ? 

Her  peerlefs  feature,  joined  with  her  birth, 

Approves  her  fit  for  none,  but  for  a  King: 

Her  valiant  courage,  and  undaunted  fpirit, 

(More  than  in  woman  commonly  is  feen,) 

•Anfwer  our  hope  in  Iffue  of  a  King  : 

For  Henry,  fon  unto  a  Conqueror, 

Is  likely  to  beget  more  Conquerors ; 

If  with  a  lady  of  fo  high  refolve, 

As  is  fair  Marg9ret,  he  be  link'd  in  love. 

Then  yield,  my  lords,  and  here  conclude  with  me, 

That  Marg'ret  mail  be  Queen,  and  none  but  fhe. 

K.  Henry.  Whether  it  be  through  force  of  your  report, 

My  noble  lord  of  Suffolk*,  or  for  that 

My  tender  youth  was  never  yet  attaint 

With  any  paffion  of  inflaming  love, 

I  cannot  tell ;  but  this  I  am  affur'd, 

I  feel  fuch  fharp  diffention  in  my  breaft, 

Such  fierce  alarums  both  of  hope  and  fear, 

As  I  am  fick  with  working  of  my  thoughts. 

Take  therefore  Shipping  ;  poft,  my  lord,  to  France ; 

Agree  to  any  Covenants  ;  and  procure, 

That  lady  Mar g  ret  do  vouchfafe  to  come 

To  crofsthe  feas  to  England;  and  be  crown'd 

King  Henry9 s  faithful  and  anointed  Queen. 

For  your  expences  and  fufficient  charge, 

Among  the  people  gather  up  a  tenth. 

Be  gone,  I  fay  ;  for  till  you  do  return, 

I  am  perplexed  with  a  thoufand  cares. 

And 


King  Henry  VI.  1 07 

And  you,  good  Uncle,  banifh  all  offence: 

If  you  do  cenfure  me,  by  what  you  were, 

Not  what  you  are,  I  know,  it  will  excufe 

This  fudden  execution  of  my  will. 

And  fo  conduct  me,  where  from  company 

I  may  revolve  and  ruminate  my  grief.  [Exit. 

Glou.  Ay  ;  grief,  I  fear  me,  both  at  firfl:  and  laft. 

[Exit  Gloucefter. 

Suf.  Thus  Suffolk  hath  prevail'd,  and  thus  he  goes, 
As  did  the  youthful  Paris  once  to  Greece^ 
With  hope  to  find  the  like  event  in  love ; 
But  profper  better  than  the  Trojan  did  : 
Margret  fhall  now  be  Queen,  and  rule  the  King : 
But  I  will  rule  both  her,  the  King,  and  realm.         [Exit. 


r 


N  3 


THE 


fir  t^ffo  fifth**,  fiin-Jt**^vr- 

jnifortnt**: 


Jkrrtitnfrr  Farttf  m*rr4  ftrmL- 
tout  d4ULprLjnluU  hl/A24  ^^ 

PxjUuHjL  nof-fatf  fefrm  fat  fa*f*f~ 

C        ll(r        <? 


THE 


SECOND    PART 


O  F 


K.  H  E  N  R  r  VI 


th 


Dramatis  Perfonae. 

KING  Henry  VI. 

Humphry  Duke  of  Gloucefter,  ">TT   7         h    v. 

Cardinal  Beauford,  Bp.  of  Winchefter,5  Uncles  t0  We  Km& 

Duke  of  York,  pretending  to  the  Crown. 

Duke  of  Buckingham^ 

Duke  of  Somerfet,       r  Of  the  King's  Party. 

Duke  of  Suffolk,         ^ 

Earl  of  Salisbury,  }  Qf   ,  '   „ 

Earl  of  Warwick,  S  Uf  We  Iork  tatmu 

Lord  Clifford,  of  the  King's  Party. 

Lord  Say. 

Lord  Scales,  Governor  of  the  Tower. 

Sir  Humphry  Stafford. 

Young  Stafford,  his  Brother. 

Alexander  Iden,  a  Kentifh  Gentleman. 

Young  Clifford,  Son  to  the  Lord  Clifford. 

Edward  Plantaeenet,  ?  c  4?    -n  j     rv    i 

■D-  u    jd]     k  *  c  Sons  to  the  Duke  of  York. 

Richard  rlantagenet,  3  J 

Vaux,  A  Sea  Captain,  and  Waiter  Whitmore — Pirates* 

A  Herald. 

Hume  and  Southwel,  2  Priefts. 

Bolingbrook,  an  Aftrologer. 

A  Spirit,  attending  on  Jordan  the  Witch. 

Thomas  Horner,  an  Armourer. 

Peter  ,  his  Man. 

Clerk  ^Chatham. 

Mayor  of  St.  Albans. 

Simpcox,  an  Imp o for. 

Jack  Cade,    Bevis,    Michael,   John   Holland,   Dick  the 

Butcher,  Smith  the  Weaver,  and  fever al  others,  Rebels. 

Margaret,  Queen  to  King  Henry  VI.  fecretly  in  Love  with 
the  Duke  of  Suffolk. 

Dame  Eleanor,  Wife  to  the  Duke  of  Gloucefter. 

Mother  Jordan,  a  Witch  employed  by  the  Dutchefs  of  Glou- 
cefter. 

Wife  to  Simpcox. 

Petitioners,  Aldermen,  a  Beadle,  Sheriff  and  Officers,  Citi- 
zens,   with  Faulconers,    Guards,   Mffengers,    and  ether 
Attendants. 
'The  Scene    is  laid  very  difperfedly  in  fever  al  Parts  of 

England. 


(    201    ) 


The  Second  Part  of  (i) 

Kins  H  E  N  R  T  VI. 


ACT      L 

SCENE,    the  Palace. 

Flourijh  of  trumpets :  then,  hautboys.  "Enter  King 
Henry,  Duke  Humphry,  Salisbury,  Warwick, 
and  Beauford  on  the  one  Jide :  The  Queen,  Suf- 
folk, York,  Somerfet,  and  Buckingham  on  the 
other. 


SuFFO  L  K. 


ms 


!  A  fti  As  Procurator  for  your  Excellence, 


r  France, 


jp  To  marry  Princefs  Margret  for  your  Grace  \ 
fc#i§£5fe  So  in  the  famous  antient  city,  Tours, 
[n  prefence  of  the  Kings  of  France  and  Sicil, 

The 

(i)  The  fecond Part  ofK.  Henry  VI.]  This  and  the  third  part  of  fc, 
Henry  VI.  contain  that  troublefom  Period  of  this  Prince's  Reign,  which 
ook  in  the  whole  Contention  betwixt  the  two  Houfes  of  York  and  Lancaf- 

3  ter : 


202  The  Second  Tart  of 

The  Dukes  of  Orleans,  Calaber,  Bretaigne,  Alanfon, 
Seven  Earls,  twelve  Barons,  twenty  reverend  Bifhops, 
I  have  perform'd  my  task,  and  was  efpous'd  : 
And  humbly  now  upon  my  bended  knee, 
In  fight  of  England  and  her  lordly  Peers, 
Deliver  up  my  title  in  the  Queen 

[Prefenting  the  Queen  to  the  King. 
To  your  mod  gracious  hand  ♦,  .that  are  the  fubftance 
Of  that  great  fhadow  I  did  reprefent : 
The  happieft  gift  that  ever  Marquifs  gave, 
The  fairefl  Queen  that  ever  King  received. 

K.  Henry.  Suffolk,  arife.     Welcome,  Queen  Margaret; 
I  can  exprefs  no  kinder  fign  of  love, 
Than  this  kind  kifs.     O  Lord,  that  lend'ft  me  life, 
Lend  me  a  heart  replete  with  thankful nefs  ! 
For  thou  hail  giv'n  me,  in  this  beauteous  face, 
A  world  of  earthly  bleffings  to  my  foul  \ 
If  fympathy  of  love  unite  our  thoughts.  [lord, 

Q^AJar.  Great   King  of  England,    and   my   gracious 
The  mutual  conPrence  that  my  mind  hath  had, 
By  day,  by  night,  waking,  and  in  my  dreams. 
In  courtly  company,  or  at  my  beads, 
With  you  mine  alder-liefeft  Sovereign  ; 
Makes  me  the  bolder  to  falute  my  King 
With  ruder  terms  ;  flich  as  my  wit  affords, 
And  over-joy  of  heart  doth  minifter. 

K.  Henry.  Her  fight  did  ravifh,  but  her  grace  in  fpeech. 
Her  words  y -clad  witrrwifdom's  majefty, 
Make  me  from  wondring  fall  to  weeping  joys, 
Such  is  the  fulnefs  of  my  heart's  content. 
Lords,  with  one  cheerful  voice  welcome  my  love. 

ter  :  And  under  that  Title  were  thefe  Two  Plays  firft  acted  and  publifh'd. 
The  prefent  Scene  opens  with  K.  Ecnr/s  Marriage,  which  was  in  the  23d 
Year  of  his  Reign  ;  and  clofes  with  the  firft  Battle  fought  at  St.  Albans  y 
«nd  won  by  the  York  Faction,,  in  the  33d  Year  of  his  Reign.  So  that  it 
comprizes  the  Hiitory  and  Traniaclions  of  10  Years.  There  are  befides, 
as  I  have  above  hinted,  fome  intermediate  Incidents  crowded  in  j  which 
tranfgrefs  upon  the  Order  of  Time.  Vox  Eleanor  Dutchefs  of  Gloucejier's 
Conviction  and  Banifhment  for  Sorcery,  (which  are  here  introdue'd) 
happen'd  in  the  20th  Year  of  K.  Hemy  VI.  in  the  3d  Year  before  his 
Marriage  with  Queen  Margaret. 

All 


King  Henry  VI.  to j 

All  kneel  Long  live  Queen  Marg'ret,   England's  hap- 
pinefs ! 

Q^Mar.  We  thank  you  all.  [Flour  ijh. 

Suff,  My  lord  Protector,  fo  it  pleafe  your  Grace, 
Here  are  the  Articles  of  contracted  Peace, 
Between  our  Soveraign  and  the  French  King  Charles* 
For  eighteen  months  concluded  by  confent. 

Glo.  reads.']  Imprimis,  It  is  agreed  between  the  French 
King,  Charles,  and  William  de-la  Pole  Marquifs  of  Suf- 
folk, ambaffador  for  Henry  King  0/ England,  that  the  faid 
Henry  fhail  efpoufe  the  lady  Margaret,  daughter  unto  Reig- 
nier  King  of  Naples,  Sicilia,  and  Jerufalem,  and  crown 
her  Gtyeen  of  England,  ere  the  thirtieth  of  May  next  en- 
fuing.  (2) 

Item.  'That  the  Dutchy  0/Anjou,  and  the  County  of  Maine, 
Jhall  be  releafed  and  delivered  to  the  King  her  father. 

[Lets  fall  the  paper* 

K.  Henry.  Uncle,  how  now  ? 

Glo.  Pardon  me,  gracious  lord  ; 
Some  fudden  qualm  hath  ftruck  me  to  the  heart, 
And  dimm'd  mine  eyes,  that  I  can  read  no  further. 

K.  Henry.  Uncle  of  JVinchefter*  I  pray,  read  on. 

Win.  Item,  That  the  Dutchies  of  Anjou  and  NLainefhall 
be  releafed  and  delivered  to  the  King  her  father ,  and  fhe  fent 
over  of  the  King  of  England' j  own  proper  coft  and  charges* 
without  having  any  dowry. 

K.  Henry.  They  pleafe  us  well.     Lord  Marquifs,  kneel 
you  down  ; 
We  here  create  thee  the  firft  Duke  of  Suffolk, 
And  gird  thee  with  the  fword.     Coufin  of  York, 
We  here  difcharge  your  Grace  from  being  Regent 
Pth'  parts  of  France,  till  term  of  eighteen  months 
Be  full  expir'd.     Thanks,  uncle  Winchefter* 
Glo'fter,  York,  Buckingham*  and  Somen fet* 
Salisbury  and  Warwick  * 

(2)  Ere  the  thirteenth  o^May  next  enfuing.']  This  is  an  Error  only  of 
.our  modern  Imprelfions.  I  havo  fet  the  Text  right  from  the  joint  Autho- 
rities of  the  firft  old  Quarto,  the  firft  and  fecond  Folio\  and  the  Chroni- 
cles both  of  Hall  and  Hotting/bead. 

We 


2  04  *The  Second  Tart  of 

We  thank  you  for  all  this  great  favour  done, 
In  entertainment  to  my  princely  Queen. 
Come,  let  us  in,  and'  with  all  fpeed  provide 
To  fee  her  Coronation  be  perform'd. 

[Exeunt  King^  Queen,  and  Suffolk. 

Manent  the  reft. 

Glo.  Brave  Peers  of  England,  pillars  of  the  State, 
To  you  Duke  Humphry  muft  unload  his  grief, 
Your  grief,  the  common  grief  of  all  the  land. 
What  !  did  my  brother  Henry  fpend  his  youth, 
His  valour,  coin,  and  people  in  the  wars  ? 
Did  he  fo  often  lodge  in  open  field, 
In  winter's  cold,  and  fummer's  parching  heat, 
To  conquer  France,  his  true  inheritance  ? 
And  did  my  brother  Bedford  toil  his  wit& 
To  keep  by  policy  what  Henry  got  ? 
Have  you  your  felves,  Somerfet,  Buckingham,, 
Brave  York,  and  Salisbury^  victorious  Warwick, 
Receiv'd  deep  Scars  in  France  and  Normandy  ? 
Or  hath  mine  uncle  Beauford,  and  my  felf,  (3) 
With  all  the  learned  Council  of  the  Realm, 
Studied  fo  long,  fat  in  the  Council-houfe, 
Early  and  late,  debating  to  and  fro, 
How  France  and  Frenchmen  might  be  kept  in  awe, 
And  was  his  Highnefs  in  his  infancy 
Crowned  in  Paris,  in  defpight  of  foes  ? 
And  mail  thefe  labours  and  thefe  honours  die  ? 
Shall  Henry's  Conqueft,  Bedford's  vigilance, 
Your  deeds  of  war,  and  all  our  counfel  die  ! 
O  peers  of  England,  fhameful  is  this  league, 
Fatal  this  marriage  \  cancelling  your  fame, 
Blotting  your  names  from  books  of  memory  °, 
Razing  the  characters  of  your  renown, 
Defacing  monuments  of  conquer'd  France, 
Undoing  all,    as  all  had  never  been. 

(3)  Or  hath  mine  Uncle  Bedford — ]  Here  again  the  Indolence  of  oar 
modern  Editors  is  very  fignal ;  for  within  fix  Lines  Gloucejier  is  made  to 
call  Bedford  both,  his  Brother  and  Uncle.  I  have  the  Warrant  of  the  older 
Eooks  for  reftoring  the  true  Reading  here. 

Car. 


lung  Henry  VI.  205 

Car.  Nephew,  what  means  this  paflionate  difcourfe  ? 
This  Peroration  with  fuch  circumftances  ? 
For  France,  'tis  ours  ;  and  we  will  keep  it  (till. 
Glo.  Ay,  uncle,  we  will  keep  it  if  we  can  ; 
But  now  it  is  impoflible  we  mould. 
Suffolk,  the  new-made  Duke  that  rules  the  roaft, 
Hath  giv'n  the  dutchy  of  Anjou  and  Maine 
Unto  the  poor  King  Reignier,  whofe  large  ftyle 
Agrees  not  with  the  leannefs  of  his  purfe. 

Sal.  Now,  by  the  death  of  him  who  dy'd  for  all,' 
Thefe  counties  were  the  Keys  of  Normandy  : 
But  wherefore  weeps  Warwick,  my  valiant  fon  ? 

War.  For  grief  that  they  are  paft  recovery. 
For  were  there  hope  to  conquer  them  again, 
My  fword  mould  fhed  hot  blood,  mine  eyes  no  tears, 
Anjou  and  Maine  /my  felf  did  win  them  both  : 
Thofe  provinces  thefe  arms  of  mine  did  conquer. 
And  are  the  cities,  that  I  got  with  wounds, 
Delivered  up  again  with  peaceful  words  ? 

Tork.  For  Suffolk? %  Duke,  may  he  be  fuflrbcate, 
That  dims  the  honour  of  this  warlike  Ifle  ! 
France  mould  have  torn  and  rent  my  very  heart, 
Before  I  would  have  yielded  to  this  league. 
I  never  read,  but  England's  Kings  have  had 
Large  fums  of  gold,  and  dowries  with  their  wives : 
And  our  King  Henry  gives  away  his  own, 
To  match  with  her  that  brings  no  vantages. 
Glo.  A  proper  jeft,  and  never  heard  before, 
That  Suffolk  mould  demand  a  whole  fifteenth, 
For  coft  and  charges  in  tranfporting  her  : 
She  mould  have  (laid  in  France,  and  ftarv'd  in  France^ 

Before 

Car.  My  lord  of  Glo'fter,  now  ye  grow  too  hot : 
It  was  the  pleafure  of  my  lord  the  King. 

Glo.  My  lord  of  Wincbefter,  I  know  your  mind. 
'Tis  not  my  fpeeches  that  you  do  m  alike, 
But  'tis  my  Prefence  that  doth  trouble  you. 
Rancour  will  out,  proud  Prelate  ;  in  thy  face, 
I  fee  thy  fury :  if  I  longer  ftay, 
We  fhall  begin  our  ancient  Bickerings. 

Lordings, 


2  06  The  Second  <Part  of 

Lordings,  farewel ;  and  fay,  when  I  am  gone, 

I  prophefy'd,  France  will  be  loft  ere  long.  [Exit* 

Car.  So,  there  goes  our  Protestor  in  a  rage : 
*Tis  known  to  you,  he  is  mine  enemy  ; 
Nay  more,  an  enemy  unto  you  all  •, 
And  no  great  friend,  I  fear  me,  to  the  King. 
Confider,  lords,  he  is  the  next  of  blood, 
And  heir  apparent  to  the  Engli/h  Crown. 
Had  Henry  got  an  empire  by  his  marriage, 
.  /&]  And  all  the  wealthy  Kingdoms  of  the*weft, 
There's  reafon  he  mould  be  difpleas'd  at  it. 
Look  to  it,  lords,  let  not  his  fmoothing  words 
Bewitch  your  hearts  *,  be  wife  and  circumfpect. 
What  though  the  common  people  favour  him, 
CaJiing  him  Humphry,  the  good  Duke  tf/Glo'fter, 
Clapping  their  hands  and  crying  with  loud  voice, 
Jefu  maintain  your  royal  excellence ! 
Witji,   Gcd  p'eferve  the  good  Duke  Humphry  ! 
I  fear  me,  lords,  for  all  this  flattering  glofs, 
He  will  be  found  a  dangerous  Protector. 

Buck*  Why  ftiould  he  then  protect  our  Sovereign, 
He  being  of  age  to  govern  of  himfelf  ? 
Coufin  of  Somefjel,  join  you  with  me, 
And  all  together  with  the  Duke  of  Suffolk, 
We'll  quickly  hoift  Duke  Humphry  from  his  feat. 

Car.  This  weighty  bufinefs  will  not  brook  delay. 
I'll  to  the  Duke  of  Suffolk  prefently.  [Exit. 

Scm.  Coufin  of  Buckingham,  though  Humphry's  pride 
And  Greatnefs  of  his  Place  be  grief  to  us, 
Yet  let  us  watch  the  haughty  Cardinal : 
His  Infolence  is  more  intolerable 
Than  all  the  princes  in  the  land  betide  : 
If  Glo'fter  be  difplac'd,  he'll  be  Protector. 

Buck.  Or  Somerfet,  or  I,  will  be  Protector, 
Defpight  Duke  Humphry,  or  the  Cardinal. 

[Ex,  Buckingham  and  Somerfet. 
Sal.  Pride  went  before,  Ambition  follows  him. 
While  thefe  do  labour  for  their  own  preferment, 
Behoves  it  us  to  labour  for  the  realm. 
I  never  faw,  but  Humphry  Duke  of  Glo%jier 

2  Did 


King  Henry  VI.  207 

Did  bear  him  like  a  noble  gentleman : 

Oft  have  I  feen  the  haughty  Cardinal 

More  like  a  foldier,  than  a  man  o'th'  Church  ; 

As  flout  and  proud  as  he  were  lord  of  all, 

Swear  like  a  ruffian,  and  demean  himfelf 

Unlike  the  ruler  of  a  common-weal. 

Warwick  my  ion,  the  comfort  of  my  age  ! 

Thy  deeds,  thy  plainnefs,  and  thy  houfe-keeping, 

Have  won  the  greateft  favour  of  the  Commons, 

Excepting  none  but  good  Duke  Humphry. 

And  brother  York,  thy  Acls  in  Ireland, 

In  bringing  them  to  civil  Difcipline  ; 

Thy  late  exploits  done  in  the  heart  of  France, 

When  thou  wert  Regent  for  our  Sovereign, 

Have  made  thee  fear'd  and  honour'd  of  the  people. 

Join  we  together  for  the  publick  Good, 

In  what  we  can  to  bridle  and  fupprefs 

The  pride  of  Suffolk,  and  the  Cardinal, 

With  Somerfefs  and  Buckingham's  Ambition  ; 

And,  as  we  may,  cheriih  Duke  Humphry's  deeds, 

While  they  do  tend  the  profit  of  the  Land. 

War.  So  God  help  Warwick,  as  he  loves  the  Land, 
And  common  profit  of  his  Country ! 

TorL  And  fo  lays  York,  for  he  hath  greateft  caufe. 

.  \Afide. 

Sal.  Then  let's  make  hafte,  and  look  unto  the  main. 

War.  Unto  the  main  ?  Oh  father,  Maine  is  loft  ; 
That  Maine,  which  by  main  force  Warwick  did  win, 
And  would  have  kept,  fo  long  as  breath  did  laft : 
Main-chance,  father,  you  meant  •,  but  I  meant  Maine, 
Which  I  will  win  from  France,  or  elfe  be  (lain. 

[Ex.  Warwick  and  Salisbury, 

»  * 

Manet  York. 

York.  Anjou  and  Maine  are  given  to  the  French  5 
Paris  is  loft  ;  the  State  of  Normandy 
Stands  on  a  tickle  point,  now  they  are  gone : 
Suffolk  concluded  on  the  articles, 
The  Peers  agreed,  and  Henry  was  well  pleas'd 

T0 


io8  The  Second  Tart  of 

To  change  two  dukedoms  for  a  Duke's  fair  daughter. 
I  cannot  blame  them  all,  what  is't  to  them  ? 
&,         'Tis  thine  they  give  away,  and  not  their  own. 

Pirates  may  make  cheap  penn'worths  of  their  pillage, 

And  purchafe  friends,  and  give  to  curtezans, 

Still  revelling,  like  lords,  till  all  be  gone: 

While  as  the  filly  owner  of  the  goods 

Weeps  over  them,  and  wrings  his  haplefs  hands, 

And  makes  his  head,  and  trembling  flands  aloof, 

While  all  is  fhar'd,  and  all  is  borne  away  ; 

Ready  to  ftarve,  and  dares  not  touch  his  own. 

So  York  muflfit,  and  fret,  and  bite  his  tongue, 

While  his  own  lands  are  bargain'd  for,  and  fold. 

Methinks,  the  Realms  of  England,  France,  and  Ireland, 

Bear  that  proportion  to  my  flefh  and  blood, 

As  did  the  fatal  brand  Althea  burnt, 

Unto  the  prince's  heart  of  Calydon. 

Anjou  and  Maine,  both  giv'n  unto  the  French  ! 

Cold  news  for  me  :  for  I  had  hope  of  France, 

Ev'n  as  I  have  of  fertile  England's  foil. 

A  day  will  come,  when  York  (hall  claim  his  own  ; 

And  therefore  I  will  take  the  Nevills  partes, 

And  make  a  fhew  of  love  to  proud  Duke  Humphry  ; 

And  when  I  fpy  advantage,  claim  the  Crown  ; 

For  that's  the  golden  mark  I  feek  to  hit. 

Nor  mall  proud  Lancafler  ufurp  my  right, 

Nor  hold  the  fcepter  in  his  childifh  fift, 

Nor  wear  the  diadem  upon  his  head, 

Whofe  church-like  humour  fits  not  for  a  Crown. 

Then,  York,  be  (till  a  while,  till  time  do  ferve: 

Watch  thou,  and  wake  when  others  be  aileep, 

To  pry  into  the  fecrets  of  the  State  ; 

Till  Henry,  furfeiting  in  joys  of  love, 

With  his  new  bride,  and  England's  dear-bought  Queen, 

And  Humphry  with  the  Peers  be  fall'n  at  jars. 

Then  will  I  raife  aloft  the  milk-white  Rofe, 

With  whofe  fweet  fmell  the  air  mall  be  perfum'd  5 

And  in  my  Standard  bear  the  Arms  of  York, 

To  grapple  with  the  houfe  of  Lancafler  \ 

And, 


King  Henry  VI.  209 

And,  force  perforce,  I'll  make  him  yield  the  Crown, 
Whofe  bookifh  Rule  hath  pull'd  fair  England  down. 

[Exit  York; 

SCENE  changes  to  the  Duke  of  Glouceftef'* 

Houfe. 

Enter  Duke  Humphry,  and  his  Wife  Eiearior. 

£lean.\'KTH Y  droops  my  lord,  like  over-ripeh'd  corn 
V  V    Hanging  the  head  with  Ceres9  plenteous  load  ? 
Why  doth  the  great  Duke  Humphry  knit  his  brows, 
As  frowning  at  the  favours  of  the  world  ? 
Why  are  thine  eyes  fixt  to  the  fullen  earth, 
Gazing  at  That  which  feems  to  dim  thy  light  ? 
What  feeft  thou  there  ?  King  Henry's  Diadem  j 
Inchas'd  with  all  the  honours  of  the  world  ? 
If  fo,  gaze  on,  and  grovel  on  thy  face, 
Until  thy  head  be  circled  with  the  fame. 
Put  forth  thy  hand,  reach  at  the  glorious  Gold : 
What !  is't  too  fhort  ?  I'll  lengthen  it  with  mine. 
And,  haying  both  together  heav'd  it  up, 
We'll  both  together  lift  our  heads  to  heaven  ; 
And  never  more  abafe  our  fight  fo  low, 
As  to  vouchfafe  one  glance  unto  the  ground. 

Glo.  O  Nell,  fweet  Nell,  if  thou  doft  love  thy  lord* 
Banifh  the  canker  of  ambitious  thoughts  : 
And  may  that  thought,  when  I  imagine  111 
Againft  my  King  and  nephew,  virtuous  Henrys 
Be  my  laft  Breathing  in  this  mortal  world ! 
My  troublous  dreams  this  night  do  make  me  fad. 

Elean.  What  dream'd  my  lord  ?  tell  me,  and  I'll  re- 
quite it 
With  fweet  rehearfal  of  my  morning's  dream. 

Glo.  Methought,  this  Staff,  mine  office-badge  in.  Court* 
Was  broke  in  twain  ;  by  whom,  I  have  forgot  * 
But,  as  I  think,  it  was  by  th'  Cardinal  y 
And,  on  the  pieces  of  the  broken  wand* 
Were  plac'd  the  heads  of  EdmundDukz  of  Somerfet^ 

Vol  IV,  O  An<£ 


i  \  o  The  Second  Tart  of 

And  William  de  la  Pole  firft  Duke  of  Suffolk. 

This  was  the  dream  ;  what  it  doth  bode,  God  knows. 

Elean.  Tut,  this  was  nothing  but  an  argument, 
That  he,  that  breaks  a  ftick  of  Glo'fter's  grove, 
Shall  lofe  his  head  for  his  prefumption. 
But  lift  to  me,  my  Humphry,  my  fweet  Duke : 
Methought,  I  fat  in  feat  of  Majefty, 
In  the  Cathedral  church  of  Wejlminfter, 
And   in    that    Chair   where   Kings  and  Queens   were 

crown'd ; 
Where  Henry  and  Mar g  ret  kneel'd  to  me, 
And  on  my  head  did  fet  the  Diadem. 

Glo.  Nay,  Eleanor,  then  mull  I  chide  outright : 
Prefumptuous  Dame,  ill-nurtur'd  Eleanor, 
Art  thou  not  fecond  woman  in  the  Realm, 
And  the  Protector's  wife,  belov'd  of  him  ? 
Haft  thou  not  worldly  pleafure  at  command, 
Above  the  reach  or  compafs  of  thy  thought  ? 
And  wilt  thou  (till  be  hammering  treachery, 
To  tumble  down  thy  husband,  and  thy  felf, 
From  top  of  honour  to'difgrace's  feet? 
Away  from  me,  and  let  me  hear  no  more. 

Elean.  What,  what,  my  lord  !  are  you  fo  cholerick 
With  Eleanor,  for  telling  but  her  dream  ? 
Next  time,  1*11  keep  my  dreams  unto  my  felf, 
And  not  be  check'd. 

Glo.  Nay,  be  not  angry,  I  am  pleas'd  again, 

Enter  Meffenger. 

Mef.  My  lord  Protector,  'tis  his  Highnefs'  pleafure, 
You  do  prepare  to  ride  unto  St.  Albans, 
Whereas  the  King  and  Queen  do  mean  to  hawk. 

Glo.  I  go :  come,  Nell,  thou  wilt  ride  with  us  ? 

[Exit  Gloucefter. 

Elean.  Yes,  my  good  lord,  I'll  follow  prefently. 
Follow  I  muft,  I  cannot  go  before, 
While  Glo'fter  bears  this  bafe  and  humble  mind. 
Were  I  a  man,  a  Duke,  and  next  of  blood, 
I  would  remove  thefe  tedious  ftumbling-blocks  ; 
And  fmooth  my  way  upon  their  headlefs  necks. 

Apd 


King  Henjii  VI.  an 

And  being  a  woman,  I  will  not  be  flack 

To  play  my  part  in  Fortune's  pageant. 

Where  are  you  there  ?  Sir  John  \  na  y,  fear  not,  man, 

We  are  alone  ;  here's  none  but  thee  and  I. 

Enter  Hume. 

Hume,  Jefus  preferve  your  Royal  Majefty  ! 

Elean.  What  fay 'ft  thou  ?  Majefty?  I  am  but  Grace. 

Hu?ne.  But  by  the  grace  of  God,  and  Hwne's  advice, 
Your  Grace's  title  fhall  be  multiply'd. 

Elean.  What  fay'ft  thou,  man  ?  haft  thou  as  yet  con- 
ferr'd 
With  Margery  Jordan,  the  cunning  witch  ; 
And  Roger  Bolingbroke  the  conjurer, 
And  will  they  undertake  to  do  me  good  ? 

Hume.  This  they  have  promifed,  to  fhew  your  High- 
A  Spirit  rais'd  from  depth  of  under-ground,  [nefs 

That  (hall  make  anfwer  to  fuch  queftions, 
As  by  your  Grace  fhall  be  propounded  him. 

Elean.  It  is  enough,  I'll  think  upon  the  queftions : 
When  from  St.  Albans  we  do  make  return, 
We'll  fee  thofe  things  effected  to  the  full. 
Here,  Hume,  take  this  reward  \  make  merry,  man, 
With  thy  confederates  in  this  weighty  caufe. 

[Exit  Eleanor. 

Hume.  Hume  muft   make   merry   with  the  Dutchefs* 
gold  : 
Marry,  and  fhall ;  but  how  now,  Sir  John  Hume  ? 
Seal  up  your  lips,  and  give  no  words,  but  mum ! 
The  bufinefs  asketh  filent  fecrecy. 
Dame  Elea?:or  gives  gold  to  bring  the  witch : 
Gold  cannot  come  amifs,  were  (he  a  devil. 
Yet  have  I  gold,  flies  from  another  coaft  : 
I  dare  not  fay  from  the  rich  Cardinal, 
And  from  the  great  and  new-made  Duke  of  Szffblk  5 
Yet  I  do  find  it  fo :  for  to  be  plain, 
They  (knowing  Dame  Eleanor's  afpiring  humcur) 
Have  hired  rne  to  undermine  the  Dutchefs  ; 
And  buz  thefe  conjurations  in  her  brain'. 
They  fay,  a  crafty  knave  does  need  no  broker ; 

O  2  Ye; 


1 1 1  The  Second  Tart  of 

Yet  am  I  Suffolk's,  and  the  Cardinal's,  broker. 
Hume,  if  you  take  not  heed,  you  fhall  go  near 
To  call  them  both  a  pair. of  crafty  knaves. 
-Well,  fo  it  (lands  -,  and  thus  I  fear  at  laft, 
Hume's  knavery  will  be  the  Dutchefs'  wrack, 
And  her  Attainture  will  be  Humphry's  Fall : 
Sort  how  it  will,  I  fhall  have  gold  for  all.  [Exit. 

SCENE  changes  to  an  Apartment  in  the  Palace. 

Enter  three  or  four  Petitioners,    Peter  the  Armorer's  man 

being  one, 

i  P^/.TV/CY  matters,  let's  ftand  clofe  ;  my  lord  Pro- 
JlVX  teetor  will  come  this  way  by  and  by,  and 
then  we  may  deliver  our  fupplications  in  the  quill. 

2  Pet.  Marry,  the  Lord  protect  him,  for  he's  a  good 
man,  Jefu  blefs  him  ! 

Enter  Suffolk,  and  Queen. 

i  Pet.  Here  a'  comes,  methinks,  and  the  Queen  with 
him  :  I'll  be  the  firft,  fure. 

2  Pet.  Come  back,  fool,  this  is  the  Duke  of  Suffolk, 
and  not  my  lord  Protector. 

Suf.  How  now,  fellow,  would'ft  any  thing  with  me  ? 

i  Pet.  I  pray,  my  lord,  pardon  me  j  I  took  ye  for  my 
lord  Protector. 

Q^  Mar.  To  my  lord  ProteBor  ?  [reading]  Are  your 
fupplications  to  his  lordfhip  ?  let  me  fee  them  •,  what  is 
thine  ? 

i  Pet,  Mine  is,  and't  pleafe  your  Grace,  againft  John 
Goodman,  my  lord  Cardinal's  man,  for  keeping  my  houfe 
and  lands,  and  wife,  and  all  from  Mae. 

Suf.  Thy  wife  too  ?  that's  fome  wrong,  indeed.  What's 
yours?  what's  here?  [Reads.]  Againft  the  Duke  of  Suf- 
folk, for  inclofing  the  Commons  of  Long  Melford.  How 
now,  Sir  Knave  ? 

2  Pet.  Alas,  Sir,  I  am  but  a  poor  petitioner  of  our 
whole  Townmip. 

Suf. 


King  Henry  VI.  i  i  3 

Suf  reads.]  Againft  iny  mafter,  Thomas  Horner,  for 
faying,  that  the  Duke  of  York  was  rightful  heir  to  the 
Crown, 

Q^Mar.  What !  did  the  Duke  of  York  fay,  he  was 
rightful  heir  to  the  Crown  ? 

Peter.  That  my  miftrefs  was  ?  no,  forfooth  ;  my 
mailer  faid,  that  he  was  •,  and  that  the  King  was  an 
ufurper. 

Suf  Who  is  there  ? Take  this  fellow  in,  and  fend 

for  his  mafter  with  a  purfuivant,    prefently  ;    we'll  hear 
more  of  your  matter  before  the  King. 

[Exit  Peter  guarded, 

Q^Mar,  And  as  for  you,  that  love  to  be  protected 
Under  the  wings  of  our  Protector's  Grace, 
Begin  your  fuits  anew,  and  fue  to  him. 

[Tears  the  fupplications. 
Away,  bafe  cullions :  Suffolk,  let  them  go. 

AIL  Come,  let's  be  gone.  [Exeunt  Petitioners. 

Q^Mar.  My  lord  of  Suffolk,  fay,  is  this  the  guife  ? 
Is  this  the  fafhion  in  the  Court  of  England  ? 
Is  this  the  Government  of  Britain's  Ifle? 
And  this  the  royalty  of  Albion's  King  ? 
What !  (hall  King  Henry  be  a  Pupil  ftill, 
Under  the  furly  Glo'fter's  governance  ? 
Am  I  a  Queen  in  title  and  in  flyle, 
And  muft  be  made  a  Subject  to  a  Duke  ? 
I  tell  thee,  Pole,  when  in  the  city  Tours 
Thou  ran' ft  a-tilt  in  honour  of  my  love, 
And  ftol'ft  away  the  ladies  hearts  of  France  ; 
I  thought,  King  Henry  had  refembled  thee 
In  courage,  courtfhip,  and  proportion  : 
But  all  his  mind  is  bent  to  holinefs, 
To  number  Ave  Maries  on  his  beads ; 
His  champions  are  the  Prophets  and  Apoftles ; 
His  weapons  holy  Saws  of  facred  Writ ; 
His  fludy  is  his  tilt-yard  y  and  his  loves 
Are  brazen  images  of  canoniz'd  faints. 
I  would,  the  College  of  the  Cardinals 
Would  chufe  him  Pope,  and  carry  him  to  Rome, 

O  3  And 


ai4  The  Second  'Part  of 

And  fet  the  triple  Crown  upon  his  head  ; 
That  were  a  State  fit  for  his  holinefs ! 

Suf  Madam,  be  patient  •,  as  I  was  the  caufe 
Your  Highnefs  came  to  England,  fo  will  I 
In  England  work  your  Grace's  full  content. 

Q^Mar.  B.efide  the  proud  Protector,  have  we  Beau- 
ford 
TV  imperious  Churchman  ;.  Somerfet,  Buckingham, 
And  grumbling  York%  and  not  the  lead  of  thefe 
But  can  do  more  in  England*  than  the  King. 

Suf.  And  he  of  thefe,  that  can  do  moll  of  all, 
Cannot  do  more  in  England  than  the  Nevils ; 
Salisbury  and  Warwick  are  no  fimple  Peers. 

Q^  Mar.  Not  all  thefe  lords  do  vex  me  half  fo  much, 
As  that  proud  Dame,  the  lord  Protector's  wife  : 
She  fweeps  it  through  the  Court  with  troops  of  ladies, 
More  like  an  Emprefs  than  Duke  Humphry's  wife. 
Strangers  in  Court  do  take  her  for  the  Queen  -, 
She  bears  a  Duke's  revenues  on  her  back, 
And  in  her  heart  fhe  fcorns  our  poverty. 
Shall  I  not  Jive  to  be  aveng'd  on  her  ? 
Contemptuous,  bafe-born,  Callot  as  fhe  is, 
She  vaunted  'mongfl  her  minions  t'other  day, 
The  very  train  of  her  worfl  wearing  gown 
Was  better  worth  than  all  my  father's  lands ; 
Till  Suffolk  gave  two  Dukedoms  for  his  daughter  ! 

Suf  Madam,  my  felf  have  lim'd  a  bum  for  her, 
And  plac'd  a  quire  of  fuch  enticing  birds, 
That  (he  will  light  to  liflen  to  their  lays ; 
And  never  mount  to  trouble  you  again. 
So,  let  her  reft  •,  and,  Madam,  lift  to  me  ; 
For  I  am  bold  to  counfel  you  in  this  •, 
Although  we  fancy  not  the  Cardinal, 
Yet  muft  we  join  with  him  and  with  the  lords, 
Till  we  have  brought  Duke  Humphry  in  difgrace. 
As  for  rhe  Duke  of  York,  this  late  complaint 
Will  make  but  little  for  his  benefit. 
So,  one  by  one,  we'll  weed  them  all  at  laft  ; 
And  yon  jour  felf  mall  fleer  the  happy  Realms 

7i 


King  Henri  VI.  21  j 

To  them  enter  King  Henry,  Duke  Humphry,  Cardinal, 
Buckingham,  York,  Salisbury,  Warwick,  and  the 
Dutchefs  of  Gloucefter. 

K.  Henry.  For  my  part,  noble  Lords,  I  care  not  which* 
Or  Somerfet,  or  York,  all's  one  to  me. 

York.  If  York  have  ill  demean'd  himfelf  in  France, 
Then  let  him  be  deny'd  the  Regentfhip. 

Som.  If  Somerfet  be  unworthy  of  the  Place, 
Let  York  be  Regent,  I  will  yield  to  him. 

War.  Whether  your  Grace  be  worthy,  yea  or  no, 
Difpute  not  that  •,  York  is  the  worthier. 

Car.  Ambitious  Warwick,  let  thy  Betters  fpeak. 

War.  The  Cardinal's  not  my  better  in  the  field. 

Buck.  All  in  this  Prefence  are  thy  betters,  Warwick. 

War.  Warwick  may  live  to  be  the  beft  of  all. 

Sal.  Peace,  Son ;  and  fhew  fome  reafon,  Buckingham, 
Why  Somerfet  mould  be  preferr'd  in  this. 

CL  Mar.  Becaufe  the  King,  forfooth,  will  have  it  fo. 

Glo.  Madam,  the  King  is  old  enough  himfelf 
To  give  his  Cenfure  :  thefe  are  no  woman's  matters. 

Q^  Mar.  If  he  be  old  enough,  what  needs  your  Grace 
To  be  Protector  of  his  Excellence  ? 

Glo.  Madam,  I  am  Protector  of  the  Realm  ; 
And,  at  his  pleafure,  will  refign  my  Place. 

Suf.  Refign  it  then,  and  leave  thine  infolence. 
Since  thou  wert  King,  fas  who  is  King,  but  thou  ?) 
The  Common-wealth  hath  daily  run  to  wrack. 
The  Dauphin  hath  prevaij'd  beyond  the  feas, 
And  all  the  Peers,  and  Nobles  of  the  Realm, 
Have  been  as  bond-men  to  thy  fov'raignty. 

Car.  The  Commons  haft  thou  rack'd  -,    the  Clergy's 
bags 
Are  lank  and  lean  with  thy  extortions. 

Som.  Thy  fumptuous  buildings,  and  thy  wife^s  attire* 
Have  coft  a  mafs  of  publick  treafury. 

Buck.  Thy  cruelty  in  execution 
Upon  offenders  hath  exceeded  law ; 
And  left  thee  to  the  mercy  of  the  law. 

O  4  Q^Mir, 


%\6  The  Second  Tart  of 

Q^Mar.  Thy  fale  of  offices  and  towns  in  France 9 
If  they  were  known,  as  the  fufpect  is  great, 
Would  make  thee  quickly  hop  without  thy  head. 

[Exit  Glo. 
Give  me  my  fan  ;  what,  minion?  can  ye  not  ? 

[She  gives  the  Dutchefs  a  box  on  the  ear. 
I  cry  you  mercy,  Madam  ;  was  it  you  ? 

Elean.  Was't  I  ?  yea,  I  it  was,  proud  French-woman  ; 
Could  I  come  near  your  beauty  with  my  nails, 
I'd  fet  my  ten  commandments  in  your  face. 

K.  Henry.  Sweet  aunt,  be  quiet ;  'twas  againft  her  will. 
Elean.  Againft  her   will,   good   King  ?    look   to't  in 
time, 
She'll  hamper  thee  and  dandle  thee  like  a  baby  : 
Though  in  this  place  moft  Mafter  wears  no  breeches. 
She  mail  not  ftrike  Dame  Eleanor  unrevenged. 

[Exit  Eleanor. 
Buck.  Lord  Cardinal,  I'll  follow  Eleanor, 
And  liften  after  Humphry,  how  he  proceeds  : 
She's  tickled  now,  her  fume  can  need  no  fpurs ; 
She'll  gallop  faft  enough  to  her  deftruction. 

[Exit  Buckingham. 

Re-enter  Duke  Humphry. 

Glo.  Now,  lords,  my  choler  being  over-blown 
"With  walking  once  about  the  Quadrangle, 
I  come  to  talk  of  commonwealth  affairs. 
As  for  your  fpightful  falfe  objections, 
Prove  them,   and  I  lye  open  to  the  law. 
But  God  in  mercy  deal  fo  with  my  foul, 
As  I  in  duty  love  my  King  and  Country  1 
But  to  the  matter  that  we  have  in  hand  : 
I  fay,  my  Sovereign,  York  is  meeteft  man 
To  be  your  Regent  in  the  Realm  of  France. 

Suf.  Before  we  make  election,  give  me  leave 
To  mew  fome  reafop  of  no  little  force, 
That  York  is  moft  unmeet  of  any  man. 

York.  I'll  tell  thee,   Sujfolk,  why  I  am  unmeet: 
r  irft,  for  I  cannot  flatter  thee  in  pride  ; 
Next,  if  I  be  appointed  for  the  Place, 

My 


King  Henri  VI.  t \j 

My  lord  of  Somerfet  will  keep  me  here 
Without  difcharge,  mony  or  furniture, 
Till  France  be  won  into  the  Dauphin's  hands. 
Laft  time,  I  danc'd  attendance  on  his  will, 
Till  Paris  was  befieg'd,  famifh'd  and  loft. 

War,  That  I  can  witnefs,  and  a  fouler  fact 
Did  never  traitor  in  the  land  commit.        ^ 

Suf.  Peace,  head-ftrong  Warwick. 

War.  Image  of  pride,  why  fhould I  hold  my  peace? 

Enter  Horner  the  Armorer^  and  his  Man  Peter,  guarded. 

Suf  Becaufe  here  is  a  man  accus'd  of  treafon  : 
Pray  God,  the  Duke  of  York  excufe  himfelf ! 

York.  Doth  any  one  accufe  York  for  a  traitor  ? 

K.  Henry  What  mean'ft  thou,  Suffolk  ?  tell  me,  what 
are  thefe  ? 

Suf.  Pleafe  it  your  Majefty,  this  is  the  man, 
That  doth  accufe  his  mafter  of  high  treafon  : 
His  words  were  thefe ;  "  that  Richard  Duke  of  York 
"  Was  rightful  heir  unto  the  EngUJh  Crown  ; 
"  And  that  your  Majefty  was  an  ufurper. 

K.  Henry.  Say,  man  ;  were  thefe  thy  words  ? 

Arm.  An' t  mall  pleafe  your  Majefty,  T  never  faid  nor 
thought  any  fuch  matter  ♦,  God  is  my  witnefs,  I  am  falfly 
accus'd  by  the  villain. 

Peter.  By  thefe  ten  bones,  my  lord,  he  did  fpeak 
them  to  me  in  the  garret  one  night,  as  we  were  fcow'r- 
ing  nay  lord  of  York's  armour. 

York.  Bafe  dunghil  villain,  and  mechanical, 
I'll  have  thy  head  for  this  thy  traitor's  fpeech  : 
I  do  befeech  your  royal  Majefty, 
Let  him  have  all  the  rigor  of  the  Law. 

Arm.  Alas,  my  lord,  hang  me,  if  ever  I  fpake  the 
words.  My  accufer  is  my  prentice,  and  when  I  did  cor- 
rect him  for  his  fault  the  other  day,  he  did  vow  upon  his 
knees  he  would  be  even  with  me.  I  have  good  witnefs 
of  this  ;  therefore  I  befeech  your  Majefty,  do  not  call  a- 
way  an  honeft  man  for  a  villain's  accufation. 

K.  Henry  Uncle,  what  fhall  we  fay  to  this  in  Law  ? 

Glc. 


2 1 8  The  Second  Tart  of 

Glo.  This  doom,  my  lord,  if  I  may  judge : 
Let  Somerfet  be  Regent  o'er  the  French, 
Becaufe  in  York  this  breeds  fufpicion. 
And  let  thefe  have  a  day  appointed  them 
For  fingle  Combat  in  convenient  place  ; 
For  he  hath  witnefs  of  his  fervant's  malice. 
This  is  the  law,  and  this  Duke  Humphrfs  doom. 

K.  Henry.  Then  be  it  fo:  My  Lord  of  Somerfet,  (4) 
We  make  your  Grace  Regent  over  the  French. 

Som.  I  humbly  thank  your  royal  Majefty. 

Arm.  And  I  accept  the  Combat  willingly. 

Peter.  Alas,  my  lord,  I  cannot  fight ;  for  God's  fake, 
pity  my  cafe  ;  the  fpight  of  man  prevaileth  againft  me. 
O  lord  have  mercy  upon  me !  I  fhall  never  be  able  to 
fight  a  blow  :    O  lord,  my  heart  .! — 

Glo.  Sirrah,  or  you  muft  fight,  or  elfe  be  hang'd. 

K.  Henry.  Away  with  them  to  prifon  -,  and  the  day  of 
Combat  fhall  be  the  laft  of  the  next  month.  Come, 
Somerfet^  we'll  fee  thee  fent  away.  [Flour.  Exeunt. 

SCENE,   the  Witch's  Cave. 

Enter  Mother  Jordan,  Hume,  Southwel,  and  Bolingbroke*. 

Hume.  f~^0 ME,  my  matters;  the  Dutchefs,  I  tell 
V^  y°u,  expedls  performance  of  your  promifes. 

Boling.  Mafter  Hume,  we  are  therefore  provided :  will 
her  ladyfhip  behold  and  hear  our  exorcifms  ? 

Hume.  Ay,  what  elfe  ?  fear  not  her  courage. 

Boling.  I  have  heard  her  reported  to  be  a  woman  of 
an  invincible  fpirit  ;  but  it  fhall  be  convenient,  Mailer 
Hume,  that  you  be  by  her  aloft,  while  we  be  bufie  below  ; 
and  fo  I  pray  you  go  in  God's  name,  and  leave  us.  [Exit. 
Hume.]  Modier  Jordan,  be  proftrate  and  grovel  on  the 
earth  \  John  Southwel,  read  you,  and  let  us  to  our  work. 

(4)  K.  Henry.  Then  be  it  fo,  &c]  Thefe  two  Lines  I  have  inferted 
from  the  Old  Quarto  ;  and,  as  I  think,  very  neceflarily.  For,  without 
them,  the  King  has  not  declared  his  Aflent  to  GIoucefter*s  Opinion  :  and 
the  Duke  of  Somerfet  is  made  to  thank  him  for  the  Regency,  before  the 
King  has  deputed  him  to  it. 

7  Enter 


King  Henry  \I<  tip 

Enter  Eleanor,  above'. 

Elean.  Well  faid,  my   mailers,   and  welcome  to  all  r 
to  this  geer,    the  fooner  the  better. 

Boling.    Patience,    good  lady  ;     wizards    know  their 
times  : 
Deep  night,   dark  night,  the  filent  of  the  night, 
The  time  of  night  when  Troy  was  fet  on  fire, 
The  time,   when  fcreech-owls  cry,  and  ban-dogs  howl  * 
When  fpirits  walk,  and  ghofts  break  up  their  graves  ; 
That  time  beft  fits  the  work  we  have  in  hand. 
Madam,  Sit  you,  and  fear  not ;  whom  we  raife, 
We  will  make  faft  within  a  hallow'd  verge. 

[Here  they  perform  the  ceremonies*    and  make  the  circle  ; 
Bolingbroke  or  Southwel  reads,  Conjuro  te,  &c.     It 
thunders  and  lightens  terribly  \  then  the  Sprit  rifetb. 
Spirit.  Adfum. 

M.  Jord.  Afmuth,   by  the  eternal  God,  whofe  name 
And  power  thou  trembled  at,  tell  what  I  ask  •, 
For  till  thou  fpeak,  thou  malt  not  pafs  from  hence. 

Spirit.  Ask  what  thou  wilt. That  I  had  faid,  and 

done  ! 
Boling.  Firft,  of  the  Kirjg:  What  mail  of  him  become? 
Spirit.  The  Duke  yet  lives,  that  Henry  fhall  depofe  : 
But  him  out-live,  and  die  a  violent  death. 

[As  the  Spirit  f peaks,  they  write  the  anfwer. 
Boling.    Tell    me,    what   fates    await    the   Duke    of 

Suffolk  ? 
Spirit.  By  Water  (hall  he  die,  and  take  his  end. 
Boling.  What  fhall  befall  the  Duke  of '  Somerfet  ? 
Spirit.  Let  him  fhun  Caftles, 
Safer  fhall  he  be  on  the  fandy  plains, 
Than  where  Caftles  mounted  ftand. 
Jiave  done,  for  more  I  hardly  can  endure. 

.  Boling.  Defcend  to  darknefs,  and  the  burning  lake  : 
Falfe  fiend,    avoid  ! 

[Thunder  and  lightning.     Spirit  defends^ 


Enter 


116  The  Second  Tart  of 

Enter  the  Duke  of'  York,  and  the  Duke  0/ Buckingham, 
with  their  Guard,  and  break  in. 

Tork.  Lay  hands  upon  thefe  traitors,  and  their  trafh : 
Beldame,   I/think  we  watch'd  you  at  an  inch. 
What,  Madam,   are  you  there  ?  the  King  and  Realm 
Are  deep  indebted  for  this  piece  of  pains  -, 
My  lord  Protector  will,  I  doubt  it  not, 
See  you  well  guerdon'd  for  thefe  good  deferts. 

Elean.  Not  half  fo  bad  as  thine  to  England's  King, 
Injurious  Duke,  that  threat'ft  where  is  no  caufe. 

Buck.  True,  Madam,  none  at  all :  What  call  you  this? 
Away  with  them,   let  them  be  clap'd  up  clofe, 
And  kept  apart.     You,  Madam,  (hall  with  us. 
Stafford,  take  her  to  thee. 
We'll  fee  your  Trinkets  here  forth-coming  all. 

[Exeunt  Guards  with  Jordan,'  Southwel^£f?r. 

Tork.  Lord  Buckingham,    methinks,    you  watch'd  her 
A  pretty  Plot,  well  chofe  to  build  upon.  [well  ; 

Now,  pray,  my  lord,  let's  fee  the  devil's  Writ. 
What  have  we  here  ?  [Reads. 

'The  Duke  yet  lives,  that  Henry  /hall  depofe  -, 
But  him  out-live,  and  die  a  violeM  death. 
Why,  this  isjuft,  Aio  te  JEacida  Romanos  vincere  poffe. 
Well,  to  the  reft  : 

Tell  me  what  fate  awaits  the  Duke  of  Suffolk  ? 
By  water  Jhall  he  die, '  and  take  his  end. 
What  fhall  betide  the  Duke  of  Somerfet  ? 
Let  him  Jhun  caftles, 
Safer  Jhall  he  be  upon  thefandy  plains, 
tfhan  where  caftles  mounted  ft  and. 
Come,   come,  my  lords  •, 
Thefe  Oracles  are  hardily  attain'd,  ($) 
And  hardly  underftood. 

The 

(5)  Thefe  Oracles  are  hardly  attain'd, 
And  hardly  underftood.]  Not  only  the  Lamenefs  of  the  Versification,  but 
the  Imperfection  of  the  Senfe  too,  made  me  fufpecl;  this  paffage  to  be 
corrupt.     The  Meaning  is  very  poor,    as  it  Hands  in  all  the  printed 
Copies  j  but  I  have  formerly,  by  the  Addition  of  a  fingle  Letter,  both 

help'd 


Henry  VI.  m 

The  King  is  now  in  progrefs  tow'rds  St.  Albans ; 
With  him,  the  husband  of  this  lovely  lady : 
Thither  go  thefe  news,  as  fall  as  horfe  can  carry  them  : 
A  forry  breakfaft  for  my  lord  Protector. 

Buck.  Your  Grace  fhall  give  me  leave,  my  lord  of  York, 
To  be  the  Poft,  in  hope  of  his  reward. 

York.  At  your  pleafure,  my  good  lord. 
Who's  within  there,  ho  ? 

Enter  a  Serving-man. 

Invite  my  lords  of  Salisbury  and  Warwick, 

To  fup  with  me  to  morrow  night.     Away  !         [Exeunt, 

help'd  the  Verfe  and  the  Sentiment.  Tork,  feizing  the  Parties  and  their 
Papers,  fays,  he'll  fee  the  Devil's  Writ ;  and  finding  the  Wizard's  An- 
fwers  intricate  and  ambiguous,  he  makes  this  general  Comment  upon 
fuch  fort  of  Intelligence,  as  I  have  reftor'd  the  Text : 

Thefe  Oracles  are  hardily  attained, 

And  hardly  under  flood. 
iv  e.  A  great  Rifque  and  Hazard  is  run  to  obtain  them,  (via.  going 
to  the  Devil  for  them,  as  'twas  pretended  and  fuppos'd  :)  and  like- 
wife  the  incurring  fevere  Penalties  by  the  Statute-Law  againft  fuch 
Practices  j  and  yet  after  thefe  hardy  Steps  taken,  the  Informations  are 
fo  perplex'd  that  they  are  hardly  to  be  understood. 


ACT 


42* 


The  Second  'Part  of 


ACT   H. 


SCENE,  at  St.  Albans. 

Enter  King  Henry,   Queen,    Protettor,   Cardinal,  and  Suf- 
folk, with  Faulkners  hallowing.  , 

^.Margaret. 

ELIEVE  me,  lords,  for  flying  at  the  brook, 
I  faw  not  better  fport  thefe  {Q.vzn  years  day ; 
Yet  by  your  leave,  the  wind  was  very  high, 
And,  ten  to  one,  old  Joan  had  not  gone  out. 
K.  Henry.  But  what  a  point,  my  lord,  your 
Faulcon  made, 
And  what  a  pitch  (he  flew  above  the  reft  : 
To  fee  how  God  in  all  his  creatures  works  ! 
Yea,  man  and  birds  are  fain  of  climbing  high; 

Suf.  No  marvel,  an  it  like  your  Majefty, 
My  lord  Protector's  Hawks  do  towre  fo  well ; 
They  know,  their  Mailer  loves  to  be  aloft, 
And  bears  his  thoughts  above  his  Faulcon's  pitch. 

Glo.  My  lord,  'tis  but  a  bafe  ignoble  mind, 
That  mounts  no  higher  than  a  bird  can  foar. 

Car.  I  thought  as  much,  he'd  be  above  the  clouds. 
Glo.  Ay,  my  lord  Card'nal,    how  think  you  by  that  ? 
Were  it  not  good,  your  Grace  could  fly  to  heav'n  ? 
K.  Henry,  The  treafury  of  everlafiing  joy  ! 
Car.  Thy  heaven  is  on  earth,  thine  eyes  and  thoughts 
Beat  on  a  Crown,  the  treafure  of  thy  heart : 
Pernicious  Protector,  dangerous  Peer, 


That  Smooth'fl  it  fo  with  King  and  Common-weal ! 


Glo. 


King  Henry  VI.  125 

Glo.  What,   Card'nall    Is  your  priefthood  grown  lb 
peremptory  ?    Tantcene  animis  Celeft'ibus  ira  ? 
Churchmen  fo  hot  ?  good  uncle,  hide  fuch  malice. 
With  fuch  Holinefs  can  you  do  it  ? 

Suf.  No  malice,  Sir,  no  more  than  well  becomes 
So  good  a  quarrel,  and  fo  bad  a  Peer. 

Glo.  As  who,  my  lord? 

Suf.  Why,  as  yourfelf,  my  lord  \ 
An't  like  your  lordly,  lord  Protectorfhip. 

Glo.  Why,  Suffolk^  England  knows  thine  infolence. 

Q^  Mar.  And  thy  ambition,  Glo'fter. 

K.  Henry.  I  pr'ythee,  peace,  good  Queen  ; 
And  whet  not  on  thefe  too- too  furious  Peers, 
For  blefled  are  the  peace-makers  on  earth. 

Car.  Let  me  be  bleffed  for  the  peace  I  make, 
Againft  this  proud  Protector,  with  my  fword  ! 

Glo.  Faith,  holy  uncle,  would  'twere  come  toY 
that.  I 

Car.  Marry,  when  thoudar'ft.  j 

Glo.  Make  up   no  factious  numbers  for  the  | 

matter,  Y^Afide. 

In  thine  own  perfon  anfwer  thy  abufe. 

Car.  Ay,  where  thou  dar'ft:  not  peep  :    and,  ! 
if  thou  dar'ft,  j 

This  Ev'ning  on  the  eaft  fide  of  the  grove. 

K.  Henry.  How  now,  my  lords  ? 

Car.  Believe  me,  coufin  Glo'fter, 
Had  not  your  man  put  up  the  fowl  fo  fuddenly, 

We'd  had  more   fport— Come  with  thy  two-hand 

fword.  (6)  [Afideto  Glo. 

Glo.  True,  uncle. 

(6)    ■  Come  with  thy  two-hand  Sword. 

Glo.  True,  Uncle,  are  ye  ad*vis*d  ?  The  eajl  fde  of  the  Grove. 

Cardinal,  I  am  withTou.']  Thus  is  this  whole  Speech  placed  to  Gku- 
cejier,  in  all  the  Editions:  but  furely,  with  great  Inadvertence.  It  is  the 
Cardinal,  who  firft  appoints  the  Eaft  Side  of  the  Grove  for  the  place  of 
Duell :  and  how  finely  does  it  exprefs  the  Rancour  and  Impetuofity  of  the 
Cardinal,  for  Fear  Gloucefter  mould  miitake,  to  repeat  the  Appointment, 
and  ask  his  Antagonift  if  he  takes  him  right  !  So  I  have  ventured  to  re- 
gulate the  Speeches ;  as  it  improves  a  Beauty,  and  avoids  an  Abfurdity. 

Car. 


224  **°e  Second  Tart  of 

Car.  Are  you  advis'd  ?— The  eaft  fide  of  the  Grove. 

Glo.  Cardinal,,  I  aril  with  you.  [Afide. 

K.  Henry,  Why  how  now,  uncle  Gltffier  ? 

Glo.  Talking  of  hawking  ;  nothing  dk,  my  lord. — 
Now,  by  God's   mother,   Prieft,  I'll  (have  your  crown 

for  this, 
Or  all  my  Fence  (hall  fail.  ,  [Afide* 

Car.  [Ajide.~\  Me  dice,  teipfum. 
Protestor,  fee  to't  well,   protect  your  felt.  [lords. 

K.  Henry.  The  winds  grow  high,  fo  do  your  ftomachs, 
How  irkfome  is  this  mufick  to  my  heart  ? 
When  fuch  firings  jar,  what  hopes  of  harmony  ? 
I  pray,  my  lords,  Jet  me  compound  this  ftrife. 

Enter  One,  crying,  A  Miracle  ! 

Glo.  What  means  this  noife  ? 
Fellow,  what  miracle  doll  thou  proclaim  ? 

One.  A  miracle,  a  miracle  ! 

Suf.  Come  to  the  King,  and  tell  him  what  miracle. 

One.  Forfooth,  a  blind  man  at  St.  Alban's  ftirine, 
Within  this  half  hour  hath  receiv'd  his  fight  j 
A  man,  that  ne'er  faw'iri  his  life  before. 

K.  Henry.  Now  God  be  prais'd,  that  to  believing  fouls 
Gives  light  in  darknefs,  comfort  in  defpair  ! 

Enter  the  Mayor  of  St.  Albans,  and  his  brethren,  bearing 
Simpcox  between  two  in  a  chair,  Simpcox'j  wife  foU 
lowing, 

Car.  Here  come  the  townfmen  on  procefiion* 
Before  your  Highnefs  to  prefent  the  man. 

K.  Henry.  Great  is  his  comfort  b   this  earthly  vale* 
Though  by  his  fight  his  fin  be  multiply'd. 

Glo.  Standby,  my  mafters,  bring  him  near  the  King, 
His  Highnefs'  pleafure  is  to  talk  with  him. 

K.  Henry.  Good  fellow,   tell  us  here  the  circumftance, 
That  we,   for  thee,  may  glorifie  the  Lord. 
What,  haft  thou  been  long  blind,  and  now  reftor'd  ? 

Simp.  Born  blind,  and't  pleafe  your  Grace* 

Wife.  Ay,  indeed,  was  he* 

Suf  What  woman  is  this? 

i  Wife. 


King  Henry  VL  i 1 5 

Wife.  His  wife,  and't  Jike  your  worfhip. 
Glo.  Had'ft  thou  been  his  mother,  thou  could  ft  have 
better  told. 

K.  Henry.  Where  wert  thou  born  ? 

Simp.  At  Berwick  in  the  north,  and't  like  your  Grace. 

K.  Henry.  Poor  Soul,  God's  goodnefs  hach  been  great 
to  thee :  ; 

Let  never  day  or  night  unhallowed  pafs, 
But  ftill  remember  what  the  Lord  hath  done. 

Quttn.  Tell  me,    good  fellow,    carn'ft  thou  here  by 
Or  of  devotion,  to  this  holy  fhrine  ?  [chance, 

Simp.  God  knows,  of  pure  devotion  ;  being  call'd 
A  hundred  times  and  oftner,  in  my  fleep, 
By  good  Saint  Alb  an  ;  who  faid,  "  Si?npcox,  come  ;  (7) 
"  Come  offer  at  my  fhrine,  and  I  will  help  thee. 

Wife.  Mod  true,  forfooth  -,  and  many  a  time  and  oft 
My  felf  have  heard  a  voice  to  call  him  fo. 

Car.  What,  art  thou  lame  ? 

Simp.  Ay,  God  Almighty  help  me  ! 

Suf.  How  carn'ft  thou  fo  ? 

Simp.  A  fall  off  of  a  tree.  • 

Wife.  A  plum-tree,  mafter. 

Glo.  How  long  haft  thou  been  blind  ? 

Simp.  O,  born  fo,  mafter. 

Glo.  What,  and  would'ft  climb  a  tree  ? 

Simp.  But  once  in  all  my  life,  when  I  Was  a  youth. 

Wife.  Too  true,  and  bought  his  climbing  very  dear. 

Glo.  Mafs,  thou  lov'dft  plums  well,  that  wouldft  ven- 
ture fo, 

(7)  *  ■''  \+<whofaid,  Simon,  come  ; 

Come  offer  at  my  Shrine ^  and  I  will  help  thee.]  The  Editions  here  are  all 
at  odds  with  the  Hiftory.*— For  why,  Simon  ?  The  Chronicles,  that 
take  Notice  of  Glojlerh  detecting  this  pretended  Miracle,  tell  us,  that  the 
Impoftor,  who  anerted  himfelf  to  be  cur'd  of  Blindnefs,  was  call'd 
Saunder  Simpcox.*  Simon  was  therefore  a  Corruption  thro'  the  Negli- 
gence of  the  Copyifts,  and  continued  by  the  Indolence  of  the  Editors.  , 
Nor  have  we  need  of  going  back  to  Chronicles  to  fettle  this  Point,  fmce 
our  Poet,  in  the  Courfe  of  this  very  Scene,  gives  us  the  Fellow's  Names  * 
correfpondcnt  with  the  Hiftory.  I  corrected  this  Blunder  in  my  S  h  a  k  e-  ' 
speare  rejlord,  and  Mr.  Pqpe  has  vouchfaf  'd  to  reform  it  from  thence 
in  his  laft  ImprefTion, 

"Vol,  IV.  P  Simf. 


i  2  6  The  Second  *Part  of 

Simp.  Alas,  good  Sir,  my  wife  defir'd  fome  damfons, 
And  made  me  climb,  with  danger  of  my  life. 

Glo.  A  fubtle  knave !  but  yet  it  fhall  not  ferve  : 
Let's  fee  thine  eyes  ;  wink  now,  now  open  them  ; 
In  my  opinion,  yet,  thou  feeft  not  well. 

Simp.  Yes,  m after,  clear  as  day  j    I  thank  God  and 
Saint  Alb  an. 

Glo.  Say'ft  thou  me  fo  I  what  colour  is  this  cloak  of? 

Simp.  Red,  mafter,  red  as  blood. 

Glo.  Why,  that's  well  faid :  what  colour  is  my  gown  of? 

Simp.  Black,  forfooth,  coal-black,  as  jet. 

K.  Henry.  Why  then  thouknow'ft  what  colour  jet  is  of? 

Suf.  And  yet,  I  think,  jet  did  he  never  fee. 

Glo.  But  cloaks  and  gowns,  before  this  day,  a  many, 

Wife.  Never  before  this  day,  in  all  his  life. 

Glo.  Tell  me,  Sirrah,  what's  my  name  ? 

Simp*  Alas,  mafter,  I  know  not. 

Glo.  What's  his  name  ? 

Simp.  I  know  not. 

Glo.  Nor  his  ? 

Simp.  No,  indeed,  mafter. 

Glo.  What's  thine  own  name  ? 

Simp.  Saundcr  Simpcox,  an  if  it  pleafe  you,   mafter. 

Glo.  Saunder^  fit  there,  the  lying' ft  knave  in  Chriften- 
If  thou  hadft  been  born  blind,  [dom. 

Thou  might'ft  as  well  know  all  our  names,   as  thus. 
To  name  the  feveral  colours  we  do  wear. 
Sight  may  diftinguifh  colours  : 
But  fuddenly  to  nominate  them  all, 
It  is  impoflible. 

My  Lords,  Saint  Alb  an  here  hath  done  a  miracle  - 
Would  ye  not  think  that  Cunning  to  be  great, 
That  could  reftore  this  cripple  to  his  legs  f 

Simp*  O  mafter,  that  you  could  ! 

Glo.  My  mafters  of  Saint  Albans, 
Have  you  not  beadles  in  your  town, 
And  things  call'd  whips  ? 

Mayor.  Yes,  my  lord,  if  it  pleafe  your  Grace* 

Glo.  Then  fend  for  one  prefently* 

3  Mayor, 


King  H enri  VI.  1 17 

Mayor.  Sirrah,    go  fetch  the  beadle  hither  ftraight. 

[Exit  Mejjenger. 

Glo.  Now  fetch  me  a  ftool  hither.  Now,  Sirrah,  if 
you  mean  to  fave  your  felf  from  whipping,  leap  me 
over  this  ftool,  and  run  away. 

Simp.  Alas,  mafter,  I  am  not  able  to  ftand  alone:  you 
go  about  to  torture  me  in  vain. 

Enter  a  Beadle  with  whip. 

Glo.  Well,  Sir,  we  muft  have  you  find  your  legs.  Sir- 
rah, beadle,  whip  him  till  he  leap  over  that  fame  ftool. 

Bead.  I  will,  my  lord.  Come  on,  Sirrah,  off  with 
your  doublet  quickly. 

Simp.  Alas,  mafter,  what  mall  I  do  ?  I  am  not  able  to 
ftand. 

[After  the  leadle  hath  hit  him  once,  he  leaps  over  the  ftool 
and  runs  away  ;  and  they  follow  and  cry,  A' miracle  ! 

K.  Henry.  O  God,  feed  thou  this,  and  bear'ft  fo  long ! 

Queen.  It  made  me  laugh  to  fee  the  villain  run. 

Glo.  Follow  the  knave,  and  take  this  drab  away. 

Wife.  Alas,  Sir,  we  did  it  for  pure  need. 

Glo.  Let  them  be  whipt  through  every  market  town* 
till  they  come  to  Berwick,  from  whence  they  came. 

[Exit  Beadle,  with  the  Woman. 

Car.  Duke  Humphry  .has  done  a  miracle  to  day. 

Suf  True  -,  made  the  lame  to  leap,  and  fly  away, 

Glo.  But  you  have  done  more  miracles  than  I ; 
You  made  in  a  day,  my  lord,  whole  towns  to  fly* 

Enter  Buckingham. 

K.  Henry.  What  tidings  with  our  coufin  Buckingham  ? 

Buck.  Such  as  my  heart  doth  tremble  to  unfold : 
A  fort  of  naughty  perfons,  lewdly  bent, 
Under  the  countenance  and  confederacy 
Of  lady  Eleanor,  the  Protector's  wife, 
(The  ring- leader  and  head  of  all  this  rout) 
Have  pradis'd  dangeroufly  againft  your  ftate  j 
Dealing  with  witches  and  with  conjurers, 
Whom  we  have  apprehended  in  the  fact, 

P  2  Ralfing 


1 1 8  The  Second  Tart  of 

Railing  up  wicked  Spirits  from  under  ground  ; 
Demanding  of  King  Henrys  life  and  death, 
And  other  of  your  Highnefs'  privy-council, 
As  more  at  large  your  Grace  (hall  underftand. 

Car.  And  fo,  my  lord  Protector,  by  this  rrle'aris 
Your  lady  is  forth  coming,  yet  at  London. 
This  news,  I  think,  hath  turn'd  your  weapon's  edge. 
'Tis  like,  my  lord,  you  will  not  keep  your  hour. 

[Afide  to  Glo'fter. 
Glo<  Ambitious  Church-man  !   leave  t*  afflict  my  heart : 
-  Sorrow  and  grief  have  vanquiuVd  all  my  powers  ; 
And  vanquiih'd  as  I  am,  I  yield  to  thee, 
Or  to  the  meaneft  groom. 

K.  Henry.  O  God,  what  mifchiefs  work  the  wicked  ones, 
Heaping  confufion  on  their  own  heads  thereby  ! 

Queen.  Glo'fter,  fee  here  the  tainture  of  thy  neft, 
And  look,  thy  felf  be  fauldefs,  thou  wert  beft.    ' 

Glo.  Madam,  for  my  felf,  to  heav'n  I  do'appeal, 
How  I  have  lov'd  my  King  and  common-weal : 
And  for  my  wife,  I  know  not  how  it  ftands. 
Sorry  am  I  to  hear  what  I  have  heard  ; 
Noble  fhe  is  ;  but  if  (he  have  forgot 
Honour  and  Virtue,  and  convers'd  with  fuch 
As,  like  to  pitch,  defile  Nobility  ; 
I  banifh  her  my  bed  and  company: 
And  give  her  as  a  prey  to  law  and  fhame, 
That  hath  dimonour'd  Glo'fter's  honeft  name. 

K.  Henry.  Well,  for  this  night  we  will  repofe  us  here  ; 
To  morrow  toward  London  back  again, 
To  look  into  this  bufinefs  thoroughly, 
And  call  thefe  foul  offenders  to  their  anfwers  ; 
And  poife  the  Caufe  in  Juftice'  equal  fcales, 
Whofe  beam  ftands  fure,  whofe  rightful  caufe  prevails. 

\Flouri(h.    Exeunt. 


SCENE 


King  Henry  VI,  229 

SCENE  changes  to  the  Duke  ofYork's  Palace, 

Enter  York,  Salisbury,  and  Warwick. 

Tork.  'V  TO  W,  my  good  lords  of  Salisbury  and  War- 

X\l  wick. 

Our  fimple.  flipper  ended,  give  me  leave, 
In  this  clofe  walk  to  fatisfy  my  felf ;  . 
In  craving  your  opinion  of  my  Title, 
Which  is  infallible,  to  England's  Crown. 

Salts.  My  lord,  I  long  to  hear  it  thus  at  full. 

War.  Sweet  Tork,  begin ;  and  if  thy  Claim  be  good, 
The  Nevils  are  thy  fubjecls  to  command. 

Tork.  Then  thus : 
Edward  the  Third,  my  lords,  had  feven  fons  : 
The  firft,  Edward  the  black  Prince,  Prince  of  Wales  % 
The  fecond,  William  of  Hatfield  \  and  the  third, 
Lionel  Duke  of  Clarence ;  next  to  whom 
Was  John  of  Gaunt,  the  Duke  of  Lancajier  ; 
The  fifth  was  Edmond  Langley,  Duke  of  Tork ; 
The  fixth,  was  Thomas  of  Wood/lock,  Duke  of  Glofier ; 
William  of  Windfor  was  the  feven th  and  laft. 
Edward  the  black  Prince  dy'd  before  his  father, 
And  left  behind  him  Richard,  his  only  fon, 
Who,  after  Edward  the  Third's  death,  reign'd  King ; 
Till  Henry  Bolingbroke,  Duke  of  Lancajier, 
The  eldeft  fon  and  heir  oijohn  of  Gaunt, 
Crown'd  by  the  name  of  Henry  the  Fourth, 
Seiz'd  on  the  realm  ;  depos'd  the  rightful  King ; 
Sent  his  poor  Queen  to  France  from  whence  fhe  came, 
And  him  to  Pomfret ;  where,  as  all  you  know, 
Harmlefs  King  Richard  trait'roufly  was  murther'd. 

War.  Father,  the  Duke  hath  told  the  truth  \ 
Thus  got  the  houfe  of  Lancajier  the  Crown. 

Tork.  Which  now  they  hold  by  force,  and  not  by  right ; 
For  Richard  the  firft  fon's  heir  being  dead, 
The  IfTue  of  the  next  fon  fliould  have  reign'd. 

Sal.   But  William  of  Hatfield  dy'd  without  an  heir. 

P  ?  Tork. 


2  3  o  The  Second  'Part  of 

Tork.  The  third  fon,  Duke  of  Clarence,  from  whofeLine 
I  claim  the  Crown,  had  iffue  Philip,  a  daughter, 
Who  married  Edmond  Mortimer,  Earl  of  March. 
Edmond  had  iffue,  Roger  Earl  of  March : 
Roger  had  iffue,'  Edmund,  Anne,  and  Eleanor. 

Sal.  This  Edmond,  in  the  reign  of  Bolingbroke, 
As  I  have  read,  laid  Claim  unto  the  Crown  ; 
And,  but  for  Owen  Glendour,  had  been  King  ; 
Who  kept  him  in  captivity,  till  he  dyM- 
But,  to  the  reft 

Tork.  His  eldeft  fifter,  Anne, 
My  mother,  being  heir  unto  the  Crown, 
Married  Richard  Earl  of  Cambridge, 
Who  was  the  fon  to  Edmond  Langley, 

Edward  the  Third's  fifth  fon. ■ 

By  her  I  claim  the  Kingdom  •,  me  was  heir 
To  Roger  Earl  of  March,  who  was  the  fon 
Of  Edmond  Mortimer,  who  married  Philip, 
Sole  daughter  unto  Lionel  Duke  of  Clarence. 
So,  if  the  Iffue  of  the  elder  fon 
Succeed  before  the  younger,  I  am  King. 

War.  What  plain  proceeding  is  more  plain  than  this? 
Henry  doth  claim  the  Crown  from  John  of  Gaunt, 
The  fourth  fon  *,  York  here  claims  it  from  the  third. 
Till  Lionel's  Iffue  fail,  his  mould  not  reign  ; 
It  fails  not  yet,  but  flourifheth  in  thee 
And  in  thy  fons,  fair  flips  of  fuch  a  ftock. 
Then,  father  Salisbury,  kneel  we  together, 
And  in  this  private  Plot  be  we  the  firft, 
That  mail  falute  our  rightful  Soveraign 
With  honour  of  his  birth-right  to  the  Crown. 

Both.  Long  live  our  Sov'raign  Richard,  England'sK'mg  \ 

York.  We  thank  you,  lords :   but  I  am  not  your  King 
Till  I  be  erown'd  ;  and  that  my  fword  be  ftain'd 
With  heart-blood  of  the  Houfe  of  Lancafter; 
And  that?s  not  fuddenly  to  be  performed, 
But  with  advice  and  filent  fecrecy. 
Po  you,  as  I  do,  in  thefe  dang'rous  days, 
Wink  at  the  Duke  of  Suffolk's  Infolence, 
At  Beaufordrs  Pride,  at  So?nerJetrs  Ambition, 

At 


King  Henri  VI.  231 

At  Buckingham,  and  all  the  crew  of  them  ; 
Till  they  have  fhar'd  the  fhepherd  of  the  flock, 
That  virtuous  Prince,  the  good  Duke  Humphry  : 
'Tis  That  they  feek  ;  and. they  in  feeking  That 
Shall  feek  their  deaths,  ifTorkcan  prophefie. 

Sal.  My  lord,  here  break  we  off";  we  know  your  mind. 

War.  My  heart  allures  me,  that  the  Earl  of  Warwick 
Shall  one  day  make  the  Duke  of  Tork  a  King. 

Fork.  And,  Nevilj  this  I  do  affure  my  felf : 
Richard  fhall  live  to  make  the  Earl  of  Warwick 
The  greateft  man  in  England,  but  the  King.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to  a  Houfe  near  to  Smithfleld, 

Sound  trumpets.  Enter  King  Henry  and  Nobles  ;  the 
Dutchefs,  Mother  Jordan,  Southwell,  Hume,  and  Boling- 
broke,  under  guard. 

K.  Henry.  QTAND  forth,    Dame  Eleanor  Cobham> 

(3         Glo'fter's  wife, 
In  fight  of  God  and  us  your  guilt  is  great ; 
Receive  the  fentence  of  the  law  for  fins, 
Such  as  by  God's  Book  are  adjudg'd  to  death. 
You  four  from  hence  to  prifon,  back  again  ; 
From  thence  unto  the  place  of  execution  *, 
The  Witch  in  Smithfield  fhall  be  burn'd  to  afhes, 
And  you  three  fhall  be  ftrangled  on  the  gallows, 
You,  Madam,  for  you  are  more  nobly  born, 
Defpoiled  of  your  honour  in  your  life, 
Shall  after  three  days  open  Penance  done, 
Live  in  your  country  here,  in  Banifhrnent, 
With  Sir  John  Stanley,  in  the  IJle  of  Man. 

Elean.  Welcome  is  exile,  welcome  were  my  death. 

Glo.  The  law,  thou  feeft,  hath  judg'd  thee,  Eleanor ; 
I  cannot  juftifie,  whom  law  condemns. 

[Exeunt  Eleanor,  and  the  others,  guarded* 
Mine  eyes  are  full  of  tears,  my  heart  of  grief. 
Ah,  Humphry  !  this  difhonour  in  thine  age 
Y/ill  bring  thy  head  with  forrow  to  the  ground. 

P  4  I 


2  3  %  2*he  Second  <Part  of 

I  befeech  your  Majefty,  give  me  leave  to  go  ; 
Sorrow  would  Solace,  and  my  age  would  Eafe. 

K.  Henry.    Stay  Humphry,  Duke  of  Glo'fter  j  ere  thou 
Give  up  thy  ftaff;  Henry  will  to  himfelf  [go, 

Protector  be,  and  God  fhall  be  my  hope, 
JVJy  flay,  my  guide,  and*  lanthorn.  to  my  feet. 
And  go  in  peace,  Humphry,  no  lefs  belov'd, 
Than  when  thou  wert  Protector  to  thy  King. 

Q^Mar.  I  fee  no  reafon,  why  a  King  of  years 
Should  be  to  be  protefted  like  a  child  : 
God  and  King  Henry  govern  England's  Realm  : 
Give  up  your  ftaff,  Sir,  and  the  King  his  Realm. 

Glo.  My  ftaff?  here,  noble  Henry,  is  my  ftaff: 
As  willingly  do  I  the  fame  refign, 
As  e'er  thy  father  Henry  made  it  mine  ; 
And  even  as  willing  at  thy  feet  I  leave  it, 
As  others  would  ambitiouQy  receive  it. 
Farewel,  good  King  -,  when  I  am  dead  and  gone, 
May  honourable  Peace  attend  thy  Throne.  {Exit  Glo'ften 

Q^Mar.  Why  now  is  Henry  King,  and  Marg'ret  Queen. 
And  Humphry,  Duke  of  Glofter,  fcarce  himfelf, 
That  bears  fo  fhrewd  a  maim  ;  two  pulls  at  once  ; 
His  lady  banifh'd,  and  a  limb  lopt  off: 
This  ftaff  of  honour  raught,  there  let  it  (land. 
Where  beft  it  fits  to  be,  in  Henry's  hand. 

Suf.  Thus  droops  this  lofty  pine,  and  hangs  his  fprayes  ; 
Thus  Eleanor's  pride  dies  in  her  younger  days. 

York.  Lords,  let  him  go.     Pleafe  it  your  Majefty, 
This  is  the  day  appointed  for  the  Combat, 
And  ready  are  th'  appellant  and  defendant, 
The  armourer  and  his  man,  to  enter  the  lifts, 
So  pleafe  your  Highnefs  to  behold  the  fight. 

Q^Mar.  Ay,  good  my  lord  -,  for  purpofely  therefore 
Left  I  the  Court,  to  fee  this  Quarrel  try'd. 

K.  Henry.  A*  God's  name  fee  the  lifts  and  all  things  fit, 
Here  let  them  end  it,  and  God  guard  the  right. 

York.  I  never  faw  a  fellow  worfe  beftead, 
Or  more  afraid  to  fight,  than  is  th'  appellant ! 
The  fervant  of  the  armourer,  my  lords. 

Enter 


King  Henry  VI.  23$ 

Enter  at  one  door  the  armourer  and  his  neighbours,  drinking 
to  him  fo  much,  that  he  is  drunk  ;  and  he  enters  with  a 
drum  before  him,  and  his  ftaff  with  a  [and-  bag  faftned  to 
it  (8)  ;  and  at  the  other  door  his  ?nan,  with  a  drum  and  a 
fand-bag,  and  prentices  drinking  to  him. 

1  Neigh.  Here,  neighbour  Horner,  I  drink  to  you  in  a 
cup  of  Tack  *,  and  fear  riot,  neighbour,  you  mall  do  well 
enough. 

2  Neigh.  And  here,  neighbour,  here's  a  cup  ofcharneco. 

3  Neigh.  And  here's  apot  of  good  double  beer,  neigh- 
bour ;  drink,  and  fear  not  your  man. 

Arm.  Let  it  come,  i'faith,  and  I'll  pledge  you  all ;  and 
a  fig  for  Peter. 

1  Pren.  Here,  Peter,  I  drink  to  thee,  and  be  not  afraid. 

2  Pren.  Be  merry, .  Peter,  and  fear  not  thy  matter  ; 
fight  for  the  credit  of  the  prentices. 

Peter.  I  thank  you  all  ;  drink,  and  pray  for  me,  I 
pray  you  ;  for,  I  think,  I  have  taken  my  laft  draught  in 
this  world.  Here,  Robin :  if  I  die,  I  give  thee  my  a- 
pron  ;  and,  Will,  thou  mail  have  my  hammer;  and  here, 
Tom,  take  all  the  money  that  I  have.  O  Lord,  blefs  me 
I  pray  God  ;  for  I  am  never  able  to  deal  with  my  matter, 
he  hath  learn'd  fo  much  fence  already. 

Sal.  Come,  leave  your  drinking,  and  fall  to  blows. 
Sirrah,  what's  thy  name? 

Peter.  Peter,  forfooth. 

Sal.  Peter  ?  what  more  ? 

Peter.  Thump. 

Sal.  Thump?  Then  fee  thou  thump  thy  matter  well. 

Arm.  Matters,  I  am  come  hither  as  it  were  upon  my 
man's  inftigation,  to  prove  him  a  knave  and  my  felf  an 
honeft  man  :  and  touching  the  Duke  of  Tork,  I  will  take 

.($)  With  a  Sand-bag  f after? d  to  it.]  As,  according  to  the  Old  Laws 
of  Duels,  Knights  were  to  fight  with  the  Lance  and  Sword  ;  fo  thofe  of 
inferior  Rank  fought  with  an  Ebon  Staff  or  Battoon,  to  the  farther  End  of 
which  was  fix'd  a  Bag  cram'd  hard  with  Sand.  To  this  Cuftom  Hudibra? 
has  alluded  in  thefe  humorous  Lines : 

Engaged  with  Money-bags,  as  bold 

As  Mm  with  Sand-bags  did  of  old.  Mr.  Warburtm. 

my 


2  3  4  ^e  Second  T^art  of 

my  death  I  never  meant  him  any  ill,  nor  the  King,  nor 
the  Queen  ;  and  therefore,  Peter,  have  at  thee  with  a 
downright  blow. 

York.  Difpatch :  this  knave's  tongue  begins  to  double, 
Sound  Trumpets ;  Alarum,  to  the  Combatants. 

[They  fight,  and  Peter  jlrikes  him  down. 

Arm.  Hold,  Peter,  hold;  I  confefs,  I  confefs  treafon. 

[Dies. 

York.  Take  away  his  weapon :  fellow,  thank  God,  and 
the  good  wine  in  thy  mailer's  way. 

Peter.  O  God,  have  I  overcome  mine  enemy  in  this 
O  Peter,  thou  haft  prevail'd  in  right.  [Prefence  ? 

K.  Henry.  Go,  take  hence  that  traitor  from  our  fight3 
g j-J    For  by  his  death  we  do  perceive  his  guilt. 
And  God  in  juftice  hath  reveal'd  to  us 
The  truth  and- innocence  of  this  poor  fellow, 
Which  he  had  thought  to  murder  wrongfully.. 
Come>  fellow,  follow  us  for  thy  reward.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE,  t/be  Street. 

Enter  Duke  Humphry  and  his  Me?:,  in  Mourning  Cloaks. 
G!o!~  I  ^HUS  fometimes  hath  the  brighter!  day  a  cloud  \, 


31 


And,  after  fummer,  evermore  fucceeds 
Barren  winter  with  his  wrathful  nipping  Cold  \ 
7     So  cares  and  joys  abound,  as  feafons  fleet. 
Sirs,  what's  a-clock  ? 

Serv.  Ten,  my  lord. 

Glo.  Ten  is  the  hour  that  was  appointed  me, 
•To  watch  the  Coming  of  my  punifh'd  Dutchefs: 
Unneath  may  fhe  endure  the  flinty  ftreets, 
To  tread  them  with  her  tender-feeling  feet. 
Sweet  Nell,  ill  can  thy  noble  mind  a-brook 
The  abject  people  gazing  on  thy  face, 
With  envious  looks  ftill  laughing  at  thy  fhame  ; 
That  erft  did  follow  thy  proud  chariot- wheels, 
When  thou  didft  ride  in  triumph  thro'  the  ftreets, 
But  foft !  I  think,  fhe  comes ;  and  I'll  prepare 
My  tear-flain'd  eyes  to  fee  her  miferies. 

Enter 


King  Henry  VI.  23 j 

Enter  the  Dutchefs  in  a  white  Sheets  and  a  Taper  burning 
in  her  hand,  with  Sir  John  Stanley,  a  Sheriff  and  Officers* 

Serv.  So  pleafe  your  Grace,  we'll  take  her  from  the 
Sheriff. 

Glo.  No,  ftir  not  for  your  lives,  let  her  pafs  by. 

Elean.  Come  you,  my  lord,  to  fee  my  open  fhame  ? 
Now  thou  doft  penance  too.     Look,  how  they  gaze ! 
See,  how  the  giddy  multitude  do  point, 
And  nod  their  heads,  and  throw  their  eyes  on  thee ! 
Ah,  Glo'fter,  hide  thee  from  their  hateful  looks  \ 
And  in  thy  clofet  pent  up,  rue  my  fhame, 
And  ban  our  enemies  both  mine  and  thine. 

Glo.  Be  patient,  gentle  Nell ;  forget  this  grief. 

Elean.  Ah  Glofter,  teach  me  to  forget  my  felf : 
For  whilft  I  think  I  am  thy  marry'd  wife, 
And  thou  a  Prince,  Prote&or  of  this  Land  -9 
Methinks,  I  mould  not  thus  be  led  along, 
Mail'd  up  in  fhame,  with  papers  on  my  back  ; 
And  follow'd  with  a  rabble,  that  rejoice 
To  fee  my  tears,  and  hear  my  deep-fetch'd  groans. 
The  ruthlefs  flint  doth  cut  my  tender  feet  *, 
And  when  I  dart,  the  cruel  people  laugh  ; 
And  bid  me  be  advifed  how  I  tread. 
Ah  Humphry,  can  I  bear  this  fhameful  yoak  ? 
Trow'ft  thou,  that  e'er  I'll  look  upon  the  world, 
Or  count  them  happy,  that  enjoy  the  fun  ? 
No :  dark  fhall  be  my  light,  and  night  my  day. 
To  think  upon  my  pomp,  fhall  be  my  hell. 
.  Sometime  I'll  fay,  I  am  Duke  Humphry's  wife, 
And  he  a  Prince,  and  Ruler  of  the  Land  : 
Yet  fo  he  rul'd,  and  fjch  a  Prince  he  was, 
That  he  flood  by,  whilft  I,  his  forlorn  Dutchefs, 
Was  made  a  wonder  and  a  pointing  ftock 
To  every  idle,  rafcal  follower. 
But  be  thou  mild,  and  blum  not  at  my  fhame, 
Nor  ftir  at  nothing,  till  the  ax  of  death 
Hang  over  thee,  as,  fure,  it  fhortly  will. 
For  Suffolk,  (he  that  can  do  all  in  all 
With  her,  that  hateth  thee  and  hates  us  all) 

And 


2 1 6  ^hc  Second  Tart  of 

And  Fork,  and  impious  Beauford,  that  falfe  pried, 
Have  all  lim'd  bufhes  to  betray  thy  wings  •, 
And  fly  thou,  how  thou  canfl,  they'll  tangle  thee  > 
But  fear  not  thou,  until  thy  foot  be  fnar'd, 
Nor  never  feek  prevention  of  thy  foes. 

Glo.  Ah,  Nelly  forbear ;  thou  aimed  all  awry. 
I  muft  offend,  before  I  be  attainted  : 
And,  had  I  twenty  times  fo  many  foes* 
And  each  of  them  had  twenty  times  their  power, 
All  thefe  could  not  procure  me  any  fcathe, 
So  long  as  I  am  loyal,  true,  and  crimelefs. 
Wouldit  have  me  refcue  thee  from  this  reproach? 
Why,  yet  thy  fcandal  were  not  wip'd  away  -, 
But  I  in  danger  for  the  breach  of  law. 
Thy  greateft  help  is  quiet,  gentle  Nell  : 
I  pray  thee,  fort  thy  heart  to  patience  ; 
Thefe  few  days  wonder  will  be  quickly  worn, 

Enter  a  Herald. 

Her.  I  fummon  your  Grace  to  his  Majefty's  Parliament 
holden  at  Bury,  the  firft  of  this  next  month. 

Glo.  And  my  confent  ne'er  ask'd  herein  before  ? 
This  is  clofe  dealing.     Well,  I  will  be  there  •, 

[Exit  Herald. 
My  Nell,  I  take  my  leave :  and  matter  Sheriff, 
Let  not  her  penance  exceed  the  King's  commiflion. 

Sher.  And't  pleafe  your  Grace,  here  my  commiflion 
And  Sir  John  Stanley  is  appointed  now,  [days : 

To  take  her  with  him  to  the  IJle  of  Man. 

Glo.  Mud  you,  Sir  John,  protect  my  lady  here  ? 

Stan.  So  am  I  giv'n  in  charge,  may't  pleafe  your  Grace, 

Glo.  Entreat  her  not  the  worfe,  in  that  I  pray 
You  ufe  her  well ;  the  world  may  laugh  again  ; 
And  I  may  live  to  do  you  kindnefs,  if 
You  do  it  her :  and  fo,  Sir  John,  farewel. 

Elean.  What  gone,  my  lord,  and  bid  me  not  farewel  ? 

Glo.  Wknefs  my  tears,  I  cannot  day  to  fpeak. 

[Exit  Glouceder. 

Elean.  Art  thou  gone  too  ?  all  comfort  go  with  thee  ! 
For  none  abides  with  me  \  my  joy  is  death  , 

,  Death, 


King  Henry  VI.  237 

Death,  at  whofe  name  I  oft  have  been  afraid, 
Becaufe  I  wifh'd  this  world's  eternity. 
Stanley,  I  pr'ythee,  go  and  take  me  hence, 
I  care  not  whither,  for  I  beg  no  favour  -, 
Only  convey  me  where  thou  art  commanded. 

Start.  Why,  Madam,  that  is  to  the  IJle  of  Man  ♦, 
There  to  be  us'd  according  to  your  State. 

Elean.  That's  bad  enough,  for  I  am  but  reproach : 
And  fhall  I  then  be  us'd  reproachfully  ? 

Stan.  No  ;  like  a  Dutchefs,  and  Duke  Humphry's  lady, 
According  to  that  State  you  fhall  be  us'd. 

Elean.  Sheriff,  farewel,  and  better  than  I  fare ; 
Although  thou  haft  been  conduct  of  my  fhame. 

Sher.  It  is  my  office ;  Madam,  pardon  me. 

Elean.  Ay,  ay,  farewel ;  thy  office  is  difcharg'd. 
Come,  Stanley,  fhall  we  go  ? 

Stan.  Madam,  your  penance  done,  throw  off  this  fheet, 
And  go  we  to  attire  you  for  our  journey. 

Elean.  My  fhame  will  not  be  fhifted  with  my  fheet : 
No,  it  will  hang  upon  my  richeft  robes, 
And  fhew  it  felf,  attire  me  how  I  can. 
Go,  lead  the  way,  I  long  to  fee  my  Prifon.  [Exeunt. 


ACT 


%  i  8  The  Second  <Part  of 


ACT    III. 

SCENE,   ^  Bury. 

Enter  King  Henry,  £>ueen,  Cardinal^  Suffolk,  York,  Buc- 
kingham, Salisbury  and  Warwick,  to  the  Parliament. 

« 

IHZNRY. 

ggl  Mufe,  my  lord  of  Glo'Jler  is  not  come : 
5Tis  not  his  Wont  to  be  the  hindmoft  man, 
Whate'er  occafion  keeps  him  from  us  now. 
Q^  Mar.  Can  you  not  fee  ?  or  will  you  not 
obferve 

The  ftrangenefs  of  his  alter'd  countenance  ? 

With  what  a  Majefty  he  bears  himfelf, 

How  infolent  of  late  he  is  become, 

How  peremptory  and  unlike  himfelf! 

We  know  the  time,  fince  he  was  mild  and  affable  ; 

And,  if  we  did  but  glance  a  far-off  look, 

Immediately  he  was  upon  his  knee  ; 

That  all  the  Court  admir'd  him  for  fubmiflion. 

But  meet  him  now,  and  be  it  in  the  morn, 

When  ev'ry  one  will  give  the  time  of  day, 

He  knits  his  brow  and  fhews  an  angry  eye ; 

And  palfeth  by  with  ftiff  unbowed  knee, 

Difdaining  duty  that  to  us  belongs. 

Small  curs  are  not  regarded,  when  they  grin  ; 

But  great  men  tremble,   when  the  Lion  roars  ; 

And  Humphry  is  no  little  man  in  England. 

Flrft  note,  that  he  is  near  you  in  defcent ; 

And,  mould  you  fall,,  he  is  the  next  will  mount. 

Me  feemeth  then,  it  is  no  policy, 

(Refpecting  what  a  rane'rous  mind  he  bears, 

And  his  advantage  following  your  cfeceafe) 

1  that 


King  Henry  VI.  239 

That  lie  fhould  come  about  your  royal  perfon, 
Or  be  admitted  to  your  Highnefs'  Council. 
By  flatt'ry  hath  he  won  the  common  hearts : 
And  when  he'll  pleafe  to  make  commotion, 
'Tis  to  be  fear'd  they  all  will  follow  him. 
Now  'tis  the  Spring,  and  weeds  are  fhallow-rooted, 
Suffer  them  now,  arid  they'll  o'er-grow  the  garden 5 
And  choak  the  herbs  for  want  of  husbandry. 
The  reverent  care,  I  bear  unto  my  lord* 
Made  me  colled  thefe  dangers  in  the  Duke. 
If  it  be  fond,  call  it  a  woman's  fear  : 
Which  fear,  if  better  reafons  can  fupplant, 
I  will  fubfcribe,  and  fay,  I  wrong'd  the  Duke, 
My  lords  of  Suffolk,  Buckingham,  and  York, 
Reprove  my  allegation,  if  you  can; 
Or  elfe  conclude  my  words  effectual. 

Suf.  Well  hath  yourHighnefs  feen  into  this  Duke, 
And  had  I  firft  been  put  to  fpeak  my  mind, 
I  think,  I  mould  have  told  your  Grace's  tale. 
The  Dutchefs,  by  his  fubomation, 
Upon  my  life,  began  her  devilifn  practices : 
Or  if  he  were  not  privy  to  thofe  faults, 
Yet,  by  reputing  of  his  high  defcent, 
As  next  the  King  he  was  fuccefiive  heir, 
And  fuch  high  vaunts  of  his  Nobility, 
Did  inftigate  the  bedlam  brain- Tick  Dutchefs 
By  wicked  means  to  frame  our  Sov'raign's  fall. 
Smooth  runs  the  water,  where  the  brook  is  deep ; 
And  in  his  Ample  fhew  he  harbours  treafon. 
The  Fox  barks  not,  when  he  would  ileal  the  Lamb* 
No,  no,  my  Soveraign  ;  Gio'fier  is  a  man 
Unfounded  yet,  and  full  of  deep  deceit. 

Car.  Did  he  not,  contrary  to  form  of  law1, 
Devife  flrange  deaths  for  fmall  offences  done  ? 

Fork.  And  did  he  not,  in  his  Prote&orfhip, 
Levy  great  fums  of  money  through  the  Realm 
For  foldiers  Pay  in  France,  and  never  fent  it  ? 
By  means  whereof,  the  towns  each  day  revolted. 

Buck.  Tut,  thefe  are  petty  faults,  to  faults  unknown  ; 
Which  time  will  bring  to  light  in  (mooth  Duke  Humphry* 

K.  Henry* 


i^o  The  Second  ^P art  vf 

K.  Henry.    My  lords,   at  once  ;    the    care  you  have 
of  us, 
To  mow  down  thorns  that  would  annoy  our  foot, 
Is  worthy  praife  *,  but  (hall  I  fpeak  my  confcience  ? 
Our  kinfman  Glo'fler  is  as -innocent 
From  meaning  treafon  to  our  royal  perfon, 
As  is  the  fucking  Lamb  or  harmlefs  Dove : 
The  Duke,  is  virtuous,  mild,  and  too  well  given 
To  dream  on  evil,  or  to  work  my  downfal. 

Q^Mar.  Ah!    what's  more  dang'rous  than  this  fond 
affiance  ? 
Seems  he  a  Dove  ?  his  feathers  are  but  borrowed, 
For  he's  difpofed  as  the  hateful  Raven, 
Is  he  a  Lamb?   his  skin  is,  furely,  lent  him, 
For  he's  inclin'd  as  is  the  ravenous  Wolf. 
Who  cannot  Heal  a  fhape,  that  means  deceit  ? 
Take  heed,  my  lord  ;  the  welfare  of  us  all 
Hangs  on  the  cutting  fhort  that  fraudful  man. 

Enter  Somerfet. 

.  Som.  All  health  unto  my  gracious  Soveraign  ! 
K.  Henry.  Welcome,    lord  Somerfet ;    what  news  from 

France  ? 
Som.  That  all  your  int'reft  in  thofe  territories 
Is  utterly  bereft  you  ;  all  is  loft. 

K.  Henry.  Cold  news,  lord  Somerfet ;    but  God's  will 

be  done ! 
York.  Cold  news  for  me  :  for  I  had  hope  "of  France^ 
As  firmly  as  I  hope  for  fertile  England. 
Thus  are  my  blofToms  blafted  in  the  bud, 
And  caterpillars  eat  my  leaves  away. 
But  I  will  remedy  this  gear  ere  long, 
Or  fell  my  title  for  a  glorious  grave.  [dftde. 

Enter  Gloucefter. 

Glo.  All  happinefs  unto  my  lord  the  King ! 
Pardon,  my  Liege,  that  I  have  ftaid  fo  long. 

Suf.  Nay,  Glo'Jler9  know,  that  thou  art  come  too  food* 
Unlefs  thou  wert  more  loyal  than  thou  art ; 
I  do  arreft  thee  of  high  treafon,  here. 

Glo. 


King  Henry  VI.  241 

Glo.  Well,  Suffolk,  yet  thou  fhalt  not  fee  me  blulh, 
Nor  change  my  countenance  for  this  Arreft  ; 
A  heart  unfpotted  is  not  eafily  daunted. 
The  pureft  Spring  is  not  fo  free  from  mud, 
As  I  am  clear  from  treafon  to  my  Soveraign. 
Who  can  acanVme?  wherein  am  I  guilty  ? 

York.  'Tis  thought,  my  lord,  that  you  took  bribes  of 
France ; 
And,  being  Protector,  ftaid  the  foldiers  Pay  ; 
By  means  whereof  his  Highnefs  hath  loft  France. 

Glo.  Is  it  but  thought  fo  ?  what  are  they,  that  think  it  ? 
I  never  robb'd  the  foldiers  of  their  Pay, 
Nor  ever  had  one  penny  Bribe  from  France. 
So  help  me  God  !  as  I  have  watch'd  the  night, 
Ay,  night  by  night,  in  ftudying  good  for  England. 
That  doit  that  e'er  I  wrefted  from  the  King, 
Or  any  groat  I  hoarded  to  my  ufe, 
Be  brought  againft  me  at  my  tryal  day. 
No ;  many  a  pound  of  my  own  proper  ftore, 
Becaufe  I  would  not  tax  the  needy  Commons, 
Have  I  dif-purfed  to  the  Garrifons, 
And  never  ask'd  for  reftitution. 

Car.  It  ferves  you  well,  my  lord,  to  fay  fo  much, 

Glo.  1  fay  no  more  than  truth,  fo  help  me  God  ! 

York.  In  your  Protectorfhip  you  did  devife 
Strange  tortures  for  offenders,  never  heard  of  5 
That  England  was  defam'd  by  tyranny. 

Glo.  Why,  'tis  well  known,  that,  whiles  I  was  Prd- 
Pity  was  all  the  fault  that  was  in  me :  [tedtor, 

For  I  fhould  melt  at  an  offender's  tears  ; 
And  lowly  words  were  ranfom  for  their  fault  i 
Unlefs  it  were  a  bloody  murtherer, 
Or  foul  felonious  thief  that  fleec'd  poor  paffengerSj 
I  never  gave  them  condign  punilhment, 
Murther,  indeed,  that  bloody  fin,  I  tortur'd 
Above  the  felon,  or  what  trefpafs  elfe. 

Suf.  My  lord,  thefe  faults  are  eafie,  quickly  anfwer'd  i 
But  mightier  crimes  are  laid  unto  your  charge, 
Whereof  you  cannot  eafily  purge  your  fel£ 
I  do  arreft  you  in  his  Highnefs'  name., 

Vol,  IVa  Q  And 


24*  %°he  Second  Tart  of 

And  here  commit  you  to  my  lord  Cardinal 
To  keep,  until  your  further  time  of  tryal. 

K.  Henry.  My  lord  of  Glo'fter,  'tis  my  fpecial  Hope, 
That  you  will  clear  your  felf  from  all  fufpicion  > 
My  confcience  tells  me,  you  are  innocent. 

Glo.  Ah,  gracious  lord,  thefe  days  are  dangerous : 
Virtue  is  choak'd  with  foul  ambition, 
And  Charity  chas'd  hence  by  Rancor's  hand ; 
Foul  Subornation  is  predominant, 
And  Equity  exil'd  your  Highnefs'  Land. 
I  know,  their  complot  is  to  have  my  life : 
And,  if  my  death  might  make  this  Ifland  happy, 
And  prove  the  period  of  their  tyranny, 
I  would  expend  it  with  all  willingnefs. 
But  mine  is  made  the  Prologue  to  their  Play : 
For  thoufands  more,  that  yet  fufpect  no  peril, 
Will  not  conclude  their  plotted  tragedy. 
Beauford9s  red  fparkling  eyes  blab  his  heart's  malice, 
And  Suffolk's  cloudy  brow  his  frormed  hate  ; 
Sharp  Buckingham  unburthens  with  his  tongue 
The  envious  load,  that  lies  upon  his  heart : 
And  dogged  Tork9  that  reaches  at  the  moon, 
Whofe  over-weening  arm  I  have  pluck'd  back, 
By  falfe  Accufe  doth  level  at  my  life. 
And  you,  my  fovereign  lady,  with  the  reft, 
Caufelefs  have  laid  difgraces  on  my  head  ; 
And  with  your  bed  endeavour  have  ftirr'd  up 
My  Hefeft  Liege  to  be  mine  enemy  : 
Ay,  all  of  you  have  laid  your  heads  together ;  ,    ; J 

(My  felf  had  notice  of  your  conventicles) 
And  all  to  make  away  my  guiltlefs  life. 
I  fhall  not  want  falfe  witnefs  to  condemn  me, 
Nor  ftore  of  treafons  to  augment  my  guilt: 
The  antient  proverb  will  be  well  effected, 
A  fiaff  is  quickly  found  to  beat  a  dog. 

Car.  My  Liege,  his  railing  is  intolerable. 
If  thofe,  that  care  to  keep  your  royal  perfon 
From  treafon's  fecrer  knife  and  traitor's  rage, 
Be  thus  upbraided,  chid  and  rated  at, 

'  '     And 


King  Henry  VI.  *43 

And  the  offender  granted  fcope  of  fpeech, 
'Twill  make  them  cool  in  zeal  unto  your  Grace. 
Suf.  Hath  he  not  twit  our  fovereign  l^idy  here 
With  ignominious  words,  though  darkly  coucht  ? 
As  if  fhe  had  fuborned  Some  to  fwear 
Falfe  allegations,  to  o'erthrow  his  (late. 

Q^  Mar.  But  I  can  give  the  lofer  leave  to  chide. 
Glo.  Far  truer  fpoke,  than  meant ;  I  lofe,  indeed  ; 
Beifirew  the  winners,  for  they  play'd  me  falfe  ; 
And  well  fuch  lofers  may  have  leave  to  fpeak. 

Buck.  He'll  wreft  the  fenfe,  and  hold  us  here  all  day. 
Lord  Cardinal,  he  is  your  prifoner. 

Car.  Sirs,  take  away  the  Duke,  and  guard  him  fure, 
Glo.  Ah,  thus  King  Henry  throws  away  his  crutch, 
Before  his  legs  be  firm  to  bear  his  body  ; 
Thus  is  the  (hepherd  beaten  from  thy  fide ; 
And  wolves  are  gnarling,  who  mall  gnaw  thee  firft. 
Ah,  that  my  fear  were  falfe  !  ah,  that  it  were  ! 
For,  good  King  Henry,  thy  decay  I  fear.    [Exit,  guarded. 
K.  Henry.  My  lords,    what  to   your  wifdom  feemeth 
Do  or  undo,  as  if  our  felf  were  here.  [beft, 

Q^Mar.  What,  will  your  Highnefs  leave  the  Parlia- 
ment ? 
K.  Henry.   Ay,  Margaret ;   my  heart  is  drown'd  with 
Whofe  flood  begins  to  flow  within  my  eyes  •,  [grief, 

My  body  round  engirt  with  mifery  : 
For  what's  more  miferable  than  difcontent? 
Ah,  uncle  Humphry !  in  thy  face  I  fee 
The  map  of  honour,  truth,  and  loyalty  : 
And  yet,  good  Humphry,  is  the  hour  to  come, 
That  e'er  I  prov'd  thee  falfe,  or  fear'd  thy  faith  ; 
What  low'ring  ilar  now  envies  thy  eftate  ? 
That  thefe  great  lords,  and  Margaret  our  Queen, 
Do  feek  fubverfion  of  thy  harmlefs  life, 
That  never  didft  them  wrong,  nor  no  man  wrong. 
And  as  the  butcher  takes  away  the  calf, 
And  binds  the  wretch,  and  beats  it  when  it  drives,  (9) 

Q^2  Bearing 

(9)  And  as  the  Butcher  takes  away  the  Calf, 
And  binds  the  wretch,  and  beats  it  when  it  ftraysj     But  how  can  it  Jiray, 

when 


244  %*he  Second  Tart  of 

Bearing  it  to  the  bloody  flaughter-houfe  : 

Even  ft),  remorflefs,  have  they  born  him  hence. 

And  as  the  dam  runs  lowing  up  and  down, 

Looking  the  way  her  harmlefs  young  one  went, 

And  can  do  nought  but  wail  her  darling's  lofs : 

Even  fo  my  felf  bewail  good  Glo'fter's  cafe 

With  fad  unhelpful  tears  •,  and  with  dim'd  eyes 

Look  after  him,  and  cannot  do  him  good  : 

So  mighty  are  his  vowed  enemies. 

His  fortunes  I  will  weep,  and  'twixt  each  groan 

Say,  who's  a  traitor?  Glo'fter  he  is  none. .  [Exit. 

Q^M'ar.   Free  lords,   cold  fnow  melts  with  the  fun's 
hot  beams. 
Henry  my  lord  is  cold  in  great  affairs, 
Too  full  of  foolifh  pity  :  Glo'fter's  mew 
Beguiles  him,  as  the  mournful  crocodile 
With  forrow  fnares  relenting  pafTengers  : 
Or  as  the  fnake,  roll'd  in  a  rlowry  ban!£, 
With  mining  checker'd  flough,  doth  fling  a  child 
That  for  the  beauty  thinks  it  excellent. 
Believe  me,  lords,  were  none  more  wife  than  I, 
(And  yet  herein  I  judge  my  own  wit  good) 
This  Glo'Jler  mould  be  quickly  rid  the  world, 
To  rid  us  from  the  fear  we  have  of  him. 

Car.  That  he  mould  die,  is  worthy  policy  ; 
But  yet  we  want  a  colour  for  his  death : 
'Tis  meet,  he  be  condemn' d  by  courfe  of  law. 

Suf.  Butin  my  mind,  that  were  no  policy: 
The  King  will  labour  ftill  to  fave  his  life, 

when  it  is  bound?    The  Poet  certainly,  intended,  when  it  ftri<ves ;  i.e. 
when  it  ftruggles  to  get  loofe.     And  fo  he  elfewhere  employs  this  Word. 
Love's  Labour  loft. 

'Thus  dojl  thou  hear  the  Nemean  Lion  roar, 

'Gainft  thee,  thou  Lamb,  that  ftandeji  as  his  Prey  ; 

SubmiJ/i<ve  fall  his  princely  Feet  before, 

And  he  from  Forage  nvill  incline  to  play. 

But  if  thou  ftrive,  poor  Soul,  what  art  thou  then  ? 

Food  for  his  Rage,  repajiure  for  his  Den. 
So  in.  Othello,  where  he  is  ftrangling  his  Wife  ; 

Defd.  Kill  me  to  morrow,  let  me  live  to  night* 

Oth.  Nay,  if  you  ftriye  j— -  Dr.  Tbirlby. 

i  The 


King  Henry  Vl.  245 

The  Commons  haply  rife  to  fave  his  life, 

And  yet  we  have  but  trivial  argument, 

More  than  miftruft,  that  mews  him  worthy  death. 

York.  So  that,  by  this,  you  would  not  have  him  die. 

Suf.  Ah,  York,  no  man  alive  fo  fain  as  I. 

York.  'Tis  York)  that  hath  more  reafon  for  his  death. 
But  my  lord  Cardinal,  and  you  my  lord  of  Suffolk, 
Say  as  you  think,  and  fpeak  it  from  your  fouls : 
Were't  not  all  one,  an  empty  eagle  were  fet 
To  guard  the  chicken  from  a  hungry  kite, 
As  place  Duke  Humphry  for  the  King's  Protector  ? 

Q^  Mar.  So  the  poor  chicken  mould  be  fure  of  death. 

Suf.  Madam,  'tis  true ;  and  wer't  not  madnefs,  then, 
To  make  the  fox  furveyor  of  the  fold  ? 
Who  being  accus'd  a  crafty  murtherer, 
His  guilt  fhould  be  but  idly  polled  over, 
Becaufe  his  purpofe  is  not  executed. 
No  •,  let  him  die,  in  that  he  is  a  fox, 
By  Nature  prov'd  an  enemy  to  the  flock  ; 
Before  his  chaps  be  ftain'd  with  crimfon  blood, 
As  Humphry  prov'd  by  reafons  to  my  Liege  •, 
And  do  not  ftand  on  quillets  how  to*  flay  him : 
Be  it  by  ginns,  by  fnares,  by  fubtilty, 
Sleeping  or  waking,  'cis  no  matter  how, 
So  he  be  dead  ;  for  that  is  good  deceit 
Which  mates  him  firft,  that  firft  intends  deceit. 

Q^  Mar.  Thrice-noble  Suffolk,  'tis  refolutely  fpoke. 

Suf.  Not  refolute,  except  fo  much  were  done  > 
For  things  are  often  fpoke,  and  feldom  meant ; 
But  that  my  heart  accordeth  with  my  tongue, 
Seeing  the  deed  is  meritorious, 
And  to  preferve  my  Soveraign  from  his  foe, 
Say  but  the  word,  and  I  will  be  his  prieft. 

Car.  But  I  would  have  him  dead,  my  lord  of  Suffolk^ 
Ere  you  can  take  due  orders  for  a  prieft: : 
Say  you  confent,  and  cenfure  well  the  deed, 
And  I'll  provide  his  executioner, 
I  tender  fo  the  fafety  of  my  Liege. 

Suf.  Here  is  my  hand,  the  deed  is.  worthy  doing. 

Q^  Mar.  And  fo  fay  I. 

Q^3  -Tor*. 


246  The  Second  Tart  of 

York.  And  I :  and  now  we  three  have  fpoke  it, 
It  skills  not  greatly,  who  impugns  our  doom. 

Enter  a  Poft. 

Toft.  Great  lords,  from  Ireland  am  I  come  amain, 
To  fignifie  that  Rebels  there  are  up, 
And  put  the  Englifhmen  unto  the  fword  : 
Send  fuccours,  lords,  and  flop  the  rage  betime, 
Before  the  wound  do  grow  incurable ; 
For  being  green,  there  is  great  hope  of  help. 

Car.  A  breach,  that  craves  a  quick  expedient  Stop ! 
What  counfel  give  you  in  this  weighty  caufe  ? 

York.  That  Somerfet  be  fent  a  Regent  thither: 
5Tis  meet,  that  lucky  ruler  be  employ'd  : 
Witnefs  the  fortune  he  hath  had  in  France.* 

Som.  If  York,  with  all  his  far-fetch'd  policy, 
Had  been  the  Regent  there  inftead  of  me, 
He  never  would  have  ftaid  in  France  fo  long. 

York.  No,  not  to  lofe  it  all,  as  thou  haft  done : 
I  rather  would  have  loft  my  life  betimes, 
Than  bring  a  burthen  of  difhonour  home, 
By  flaying  there  fo  long,  till  all  were  loft. 
Shew  me  one  fear,  character'd  on  thy  skin  : 
Mens  fiefh  preferv'd  fo  whole,  do  feldom  win. 

Q^Mar.  Nay,  then,  this  fpark  will  prove  a  raging  fire, 
If  wind  and  fuel  be  brought  to  feed  it  with: 
No  more,  good  York  ;  fweet  Somerfet ,  be  (till. 
Thy  fortune,  York,  hadft  thou  been  Regent  there, 
Might  happily  have  prov'd  far  worfe  than  his. 

Y'ork.  What,  worfe  than  nought?  nay,  then  a  mame 

take  all ! 
Som.  And,  in  the  number,  thee  that  wifheft  mame  ! 

Car.  My  lord  of  York,  try  what  your  fortune  is  \ 
Th'  uncivil  Kerns  of  Ireland  are  in  arms, 
And  temper  clay  with  blood  of  Englifhmen. 
To  Ireland  will  you  lead  a  band  of  men, 
Collected  choicely,  from  each  county  fome, 
And  try  vciir  hap  againft  the Irifhmtn? 
2"ork.  I  Will,1  my-lord,  fo  pletffe  his  Majefty. 

3  Suf. 


King  Henry  VI.  147 

Suf.  Why,  our  Authority  is  his  confent ; 
And  what  we  do  eftablifh,  he  confirms  ; 
Then,  noble  Tork,  take  thou  this  task  in  hand. 

Tork.  I  am  content :  provide  me  foldiers,  lords, 
Whilft  I  take  order  for  mine  own  affairs. 

Suf.  A  charge,  lord  Tork,  that  I  will  fee  perfqrm'd  : 
But  now  return  we  to  the  falfe  Duke  Humphry. 

Car.  No  more  of  him  ;  for  I  will  deal  with  him, 
That  henceforth  he  fliall  trouble  us  no  more  : 
And  fo  break  off :  the  day  is  almoft  fpent : 
Lord  Suffolk,  you  and  I  muft  talk  of  that  event. 

Tork.  My  lord  of  Suffolk,  within  fourteen  days 
At  Briftol  I  expect  my  foldiers  \ 
For  there  I'll  fhip  them  all  for  Ireland. 

Suf.  I'll  fee  it  truly  done,  my  lord  of  Tork.      [Exeunt. 

Manet  York. 

Tork.  Now,  Tork,  or  never,  fteel  thy  fearful  thoughts^ 
And  change  mifdoubt  to  refolution  : 
Be  that  thou  hop'ft  to  be,  or  what  thou  art 
Refign  to  death,  it  is  not  worth  th'  enjoying  : 
Let  pale-fac'd  fear  keep  with  the  mean-born  man, 
And  find  no  harbour  in  a  royal  heart. 
Fader  than  fpring-time  fhow'rs,  comes  thought  on  thought,  • 
And  not  a  thought,  but  thinks  on  dignity. 
My  brain,  more  bufie  than  the  lab'ring  fpider, 
Weaves  tedious  fnares  to  trap  mine  enemies. 
Well,  Nobles,  well  ;  'tis  politickly  done, 
To  fend  me  packing  with  an  hod  of  men  : 
I  fear  me,  you  bat  warm  the  flarved  Snake, 
Who,  cherifh'd  in  your  breads,  will  ding  your  hearts, 
'Twas  men  I  lack'd,  and  you  will  give  them  me  5 
I  take  it  kindly  :  yet  be  well  afiur'd, 
You  put  fharp  weapons  in  aVnad-man's  hands. 
Whild  I  in  Ireland  nourifh  a  mighty  band, 
I  will  dir  up  in  England  fome  black  dorm, 
Shall  blow  ten  thoufand  fouls  to  heav'n  or  hell. 
And  this  fell  temped  fhall  not  ceafe  to  rage, 
Until  the  golden  circuit  on  my  head, 
(Like  to  the  glorious  fun's  tranfparent  beams,) 

Q^4  ^  Do 


248  The  Second  Tart  of 

Do  calm  the  fury  of  this  mad-brain'd  flaw. 

And,  for  a  minifter  of  my  intent, 

I  have  feduc'd  a  headftrong  Kentifh  man, 

John  Cade  of  Afhford, 

To  make  commotion,  as  full  well  he  can, 

Under  the  title  of  John  Mortimer, 

In  Ireland  have  I  feen  this  ftubborn  Cade 

Oppofe  himfelf  againft  a  troop  of  Kerns  ; 

And  fought  fo  long,  till  that  his  thighs  with  darts 

Were  almoft  like  a  marp-quiil'd  porcupine: 

And,  in  the  end  being  refcu'd,  I  have  feen 

Him  caper  upright  like  a  wild  Morifco, 

Shaking  the  bloody  darts,  as  he  his  bells. 

Full  often,  like  a  fhag-hair'd  crafty  Kern, 

Hath  he  converfed  with  the  enemy  ; 

And  undifcover'd  come  to  me  again, 

And  giv'n  me  notice  of  their  villanies. 

This  devil  here  fhall  be  my  fubftitute  ; 

For  that  John  Mortimer,  which  now  is  dead, 

In  face,  in  gate,  in  fpeech  he  doth  refemble. 

By  this,  I  fhall  perceive  the  Commons'  mind  ; 

How  they  affect  the  Jrloufe  and  Claim  of  York. 

Say,  he  be  taken,  rack'd  and  tortured  \ 

I  know,  no  pain,  they  can  inflict  upon  him, 

Will  make  him  fay  I  mov'd  him  to  thofe  arms. 

Say,  that  he  thrive  ;  as  'tis  great  like,  he  will  \ 

Why,  then,  from  Ireland  come  I  with  my  flrength, 

And  reap  the  harveft  which  that  rafcal  fow'd  : 

For  Humphry  being  dead,  as  he  fhall  be, 

And  Henry  put  a-part,  the  next  for  me.  [Exit, 

SCENE,   an  Apartment  in  the  Palace. 

Enter  two  or  three,  ruming  over  the  Stage,  from  the  mur- 
ther  of  Duke  Humphry. 

i.HUN  to  my  lord  of  Suffolk  ;  let  him  know, 
X\  We  have  difpatch'd  the  Duke,  as  he  commanded. 
2.  Oh,  that  it  were  to  do  !  what  have  we  ddne  ? 

pidft  ever  hear  a  man  fo  penitent  ? 

Enter 


King  Henri  VI.  14? 

\  Enter  Suffolk. 

1.  Here  comes  my  lord. 

Suf.  Now,  Sirs,  have  you   difpatch'd  this  thing  ? 

1.  Ay,  my  good  lord,  he's  dead. 

Suf.  Why,  that's  well  faid.   Go,  get  you  to  my  houfe ; 
I  will  reward  you  for  this  vent'rous  deed  : 
The  King  and  all  the  Peers  are  here  at  hand.- — — 
Have  you  laid  fair  the  bed  ?  are  all  things  well, 
According  as  I  gave  directions  ? 

1.  Yes,  my  good  lord. 

Suf.  Away,  be  gone.  [Exeunt  Murtherers. 

Enter  King  Henry,  the  Queen^  Cardinal^  Somerfet,  with 

Attendants. 

K.  Henry,  Go,  call  our  Uncle  to  our  prefence  ftrait : 
Say,  we  intend  to  try  his  Grace  to  day, 
If  he  be  guilty,  as  'tis  publifhed. 

Suf.  I'll  call  him  prefently,  my  noble  lord.  [Exit. 

K.  Henry.  Lords,  take  your  places  :  and,  I  pray  you  all, 
Proceed  no  ftraiter  'gainft  our  uncle  Glo'fter, 
Than  from  {rue  evidence,  of  good  efteem, 
He  be  approv'd  in  practice  culpable. 

Q^Mar.  God  forbid,  any  malice  fhould  prevail, 
That  faultlefs  may  condemn  a  Nobleman  ! 
Pray  God,  he  may  acquit  him  of  fufpicion  ! 

K.  Henry.  I  thank  thee :  Well,  thefe  words  content  me 
much.  (10)  Enter 

(10)  /  thank  thee,  Nell,  thefe  Words  content  me  much."]  This  is  K. 
Henry's  Reply  to  his  Wife  Margaret.  Our  Poet,  I  remember,  in  his 
King  John,  makes  Falconbridge  the  Baftard,  upon  his  firfl  ftepping  into 
Honour,  fay,  that  he  will  ftudy  to  forget  his  old  Acquaintance  ; 

And  if  his  Name  he  George,  Til  call  him  Peter; 

Tor  ne<vo-made  Honour  doth  forget  Men's  Names. 
But,  furely,  this  is  wide  of  King  Henrfs  Cafe ;  and  it  can  be  no  Reafon 
why  he  mould  forget  his  own  Wife's  Name,  and  call  her  iV<?//inftead  of 
Margaret.  Perhaps,  it  may  be  alledg'd,  that  the  Blunder  was  original 
in  the  Poet ;  that  his  Head  was  full  of  another  Character,  which  he  in- 
troduces in  this  Play,  Eleanor  Dutchefs  otGloucefter,  whom  her  Husband 
frequently  calls  Nell :  and  thence  thro'  Inadvertence  he  might  flip  into 
this  Miftake.    Were  this  to  be  allowed  the  Cafe,    is  not  the  Miitake 

therefore 


2  5  o  The  Second  Tart  of 

Enter  Suffolk. 

How  now  ?  why  look'ft  thou  pale  ?  why  trembled  thou  ? 
Where  is  our  Uncle  ?  what's  the  matter,"  Suffolk  f 

Suf.  Dead  in  his  bed,  my  lord ;  Glo'fter  is  dead. 

Ql  Mar.  Marry,  God  forfend  ! 

Car.  God's  fecret  judgment :  I  did  dream  to  night, 
The  Duke  was  dumb,  and  could  not  fpeak  a  word. 

[King  fivoow. 

Q^  Mar.  How  fares  my  lord  ?  help,  lords,  the  King  is 
dead. 

Som.  Rear  up  his  body,  wring  him  by  the  nofe. 

Q^Mar.  Run,  go,  help,  help :  oh,  Henry,  ope  thine 
eyes. 

Suf  He  doth  revive  again  ;  Madam,  be  patient. 

K.  Henry.  O  heav'nly  God  ! 

Q^  Mar.  How  fares  my  gracious  lord  ? 

Suf.  Comfort,  my  Soveraign ;  gracious  Henry,  comfort. 

K.  Henry.  What,  doth  my  lord  of  Suffolk  comfort  me  ? 
Came  he  right  now  to  fing  a  raven's  note, 
Whofe  difmal  tune  bereft  my  vital  pow'rs  : 
And  thinks  he,  that  the  chirping  of  a  wren, 
By  crying  comfort  from  a  hollow  bread, 
Can  chafe  away  the  firfl-conceived  found  ? 
Hide  not  thy  poifon  with  fuch  fugar'd  words  ; 
Lay  not  thy  hands  on  me  -,  forbear,  I  fay  *, 
Their  touch  affrights  me  as  a  ferpent's  (ring. 
Thou  baleful  meflenger,   out  of  my  fight  ! 
Upon  thy  eye-balls  murd'rous  tyranny 

therefore  to  be  rectified.  As  the  Change  of  a  fmgle  Letter  fets  all  right,, 
I  am  much  more  willing  to  fuppofe  it  came  from  his  Pen  thus ; 

/  thank  thee :    Well ;    thcfe  Words  content   me  much. 

K.  Henry  was  a  Prince  of  great  Piety  and  Meeknefs,  a  great  Lover  of 
his  Uncle  Gloucefter,  whom  his  NobJes  were  rigidly  perfecuting ;  and  to 
whom  he  fufpected  the  Queen  bore  no  very  good  Will  in  her  Heart :  But 
finding  her,  beyond  his  hopes,  fpeak  fo  candidly  in  the  Duke's  Cafe,  he 
js  mightily  comforted  and  contented  at  her  impartial  Seeming.  I  be- 
lieve, every  Body  in  Converfation  muft  have  obfeiVd,  that,  Well,  is 
ufed  to  exprefs  an  Air  of  Satisfaction,  when  any  Incident  in  Life  goes  to 
our  Wifh ;   or  any   Purpofe,   that  was  dreaded,    happens  to  be  difap- 

pointed. 1  amended  this  Paffage  in  my    Shakespeare   rejiord, 

and  Mr.  Pope  has  fince  embrac'd  the  Correction, 

Sits 


King  Henry  VI.  25:1 

Sits  in  grim  majefty  to  fright  the  world. 

Look  not  upon  me,  for  thine  eyes  are  wounding ! 

Yet  do  not  go  away  *,  come,  bafilisk', 

And  kill  the  innocent  gazer  with  thy  fight : 

For  in   the  made  of  death  I  {hall  find  joy  ; 

In  life,  but  double  death,  now  Glo'fter's  dead. 

Q^  Mar.  Why  do  you  rate  my  lord  of  Suffolk  thus  ? 
Although  the  Duke  was  enemy  to  him, 
Yet  he,  moil  Chriftian-like,  laments  his  death. 
And  for  my  felf,  foe  as  he  was  to  me, 
Might  liquid  tears,  or 'heart-offending  groans, 
Or  blood-confuming  fighs  recal  his  life  ; 
I  would  be  blind  with  weeping,  fick  with  groans, 
Look  pale  as  primrofe  with  blood-drinking  fighs, 
And  all  to  have  the  noble  Duke  alive. 
What  know  I,  how  the  world  may  deem  of  me  ? 
For,  it  is  known,  we  were  but  hollow  friends  : 
It  may  be  judg'd,  I  made  the  Duke  away  ; 
So  fhall  my  name  with  (lander's  tongue  be  wounded, 
And  Princes  Courts  be  filFd  with  my  reproach : 
This  get  I  by  his  death  :  ah,   me  unhappy  ! 
To  be  a  Queen,  and  crown'd  with  infamy. 

K.  Henry.  Ah,  woe  is  me  for  Glo'Jler,  wretched  man ! 

Q^Mar.  Be  woe  for  me,  more  wretched  than  he  is. 
What,  doll:  thou  turn  away  and  hide  thy  face  ? 
I  am  no  loathfome  leper  ;  look  on  me. 
What,  art  thou  like  the  adder  waxen  deaf? 
Be  poys'nous  too,  and  kill  thy  forlorn  Queen. 
Is  all  thy  comfort  (hut  in  Glo'fter's  tomb  ? 
Why,  then,  dame  Margaret  was  ne'er  thy  joy. 
Eredt  his  ftatue,  and  do  worfhipto  it, 
And  make  my  image  but  an  ale-houfe  fign. 
Was  I  for  this  nigh  wreckt  upon  the  fea, 
And  twice  by  adverfe  winds  from  England's  bank 
Drove  back  again  unto  my  native  clime  f 
What  boaded  this  ?  but  well-fore- warning  winds 
Did  feem  to  fay,  feek  not  a  fcorpion's  neft  ; 
Nor  fet  no  footing  on  this  unkind  fhoar. 
What  did  I  then  ?  but  curft  the  gentle  gulls, 
And  he  that  loos'd  them  from  their  brazen  caves  ; 

And 


252  The  Second  Tart  of 

And  bid  them  blow  towards  England's  blcfled  flioar, 

Or  turn  our  ftern  upon  a  dreadful  rock  : 

Yet  Molus  would  not  be  a  murtherer  ; 

But  left  that  hateful  office  unto  thee. 

The  pretty  vaulting  fea  fefus'd  to  drown  me  ; 

Knowing,  that  thou  wouldft  have  me  drown'd  on  flioar 

With  tears  as  fait  as  fea,  through  thy  unkindnefs. 

The  fplitting  rocks  cow'r'd  in  the  finking  fands, 

And  would  not  dafh  me  with  their  ragged  fides  -9 

Becaufe  thy  flinty  heart,  more  hard  than  they, 

Might  in  thy  Palace  perifh  Margaret. 

As  far  as  I  could  ken  the  chalky  cliffs, 

When  from  thy  fhoar  the  temped  beat  us  back, 

I  flood  upon  the  hatches  in  the  ftorm  ; 

And  when  the  dusky  sky  began  to  rob 

My  earneft-gaping  fight  of  thy  Land's  view, 

I  took  a  coftly  jewel  from  my  neck, 

(A  heart  it  was,  bound  in  with  diamonds,) 

And  threw  it  tow'rds  thy  Land  -,    the  fea  receiv'd  it, 

And  fo  I  wifrYd  thy  body  might  my  heart. 

And  ev'n  with  this  I  loft  fair  England's  view, 

And  bid  mine  eyes  be  packing  with  my  heart  -, 

And  call'd  them  blind  and  dusky  fpectacles, 

For  lofmg  ken  of  Albion's  wifhed  Coaft. 

How  often  have  I  tempted  Suffolk's  tongue 

(The  agent  of  thy   foul  inconftancy  ) 

To  fit  and  witch  me,  as  Afcanius  did,  (11) 

When 

(11)  To  Jit  and  watch  me,  as  Afcanius  did, 
When  he  to  madding  Dido  nvould  unfold 
His  Father's  Acls,  comment:  d  in  burning  Troy  ?] 

The  Poet  here  is  unqueftionably  alluding  to  Virgil,  (JEneid.  I.)  but  he 
ftrangely  blends  Fatt  with  Fiction.  In  the  firfl  Place,  it  was  Cupid,  in 
the  Semblance  of  Afcanius,  who  fat  in  Dido's  Lap,  and  was  fondled  by  her. 
But  then  it  was  not  Cupid,  who  related  to  her  the  Procefs  of  Troy's  De- 
ftru&ion,  but  it  was  JEneas  himfelf,  who  related  this  Hiflory.  Again, 
how  did  the  fuppos'd  Afcanius  fit  and  watch  her  ?  Cupid  was  order'd, 
while  Dido  miftakenly  carefs'd  him,  to  bewitch  and  infect,  her  with  Love. 
To  this  Circumftance  the  Poet  certainly  alludes ;  and  unlefs  he  had  wrote, 
as  I  have  reftor'd  to  the  Text ; 
To  fit  and  witch  me,* 


Why  ihould  the  Queen  immediately  draw  this  Inference, 
Am  I  not  witch'd  like  her  ? 


Nor 


King  Henry  VI.  253 

When  he  to  madding  Dido  would  unfold 

His  father's  ads,  commenc'd  in  burning  Troy  ? 

Am  I  not  witch t  like  her  ?  or  thou  not  falfe  like  him  ? 

Ah  me,  I  can  no  more  :  dye,  Margaret ! 

For  Henry  weeps,  that  thou  do'fl:  live  fo  long. 

Noife  within.     Enter  Warwick,   Salisbury,   and  many 

Commons. 

War.  It  is  reported,  mighty  So veraign, 
That  good  Duke  Humphry  traiteroufly  is  murther'd 
By  Suffolk,  and  the  Cardinal  Beauford's  means : 
The  Commons,  like  an  angry  hive  of  bees 
That  want  their  leader,  •  fcatter  up  and .  down  ; 
And  care  not  who  they  fting  in  their  revenge. 
My  felf  have  calm'd  their  fpleenful  mutiny, 
Until  they  hear  the  order  of.  his  death.  [true  ; 

K.  Henry.  That  he  is   dead,    good  Warwick,  'tis  too 
But  how  he  died,  God  knows,  not  Henry  : 
Enter  his  chamber,  view  his  breathlefs  corps, 
And  comment  then  upon  his  fudden  death. 

War.  That  I  fhall  do,  my  liege  :  ftay,  Salisbury, 
With  the  rude  multitude,  till  I  return.     [Warwick  goes  in. 

K.  Henry.  O  thou,   that  judged  all  things,   ftay  my 
thoughts  ; 
My  thoughts,  that  labour  to  perfuade  my  foul, 
Some  violent  hands  were  laid  on  Humphry's  life  : 
If  my  fufpecl  be  falfe,  forgive  me,  God  ! 
For  judgment  only  doth  belong  to  thee. 
Fain  would  I  go  to  chafe  his  paly  lips 
With  twenty  thoufand  kifTes,  and  to  drain 
Upon  his  face  an  ocean  of  fait  tears  : 

Nor  is  this  the  only  Place,  in  which  we  find  the  Verb  witch,  us*d  (where 
the  Numbers  require)  for,  bewitch. 
So  in  1  Henry  TV. 

As  if  an  Angel  drof  d  down  from  the  Clouds, 

To  turn  and  wind  a  fiery  Pegafos  ; 

And  witch  the  World  with  noble  Horfemanjhip, 
So  in  3  Henry  VI. 

Til  make  my  Heaven  in  a  Lady's  Lap  > 

And  deck  my  Body  in  gay  Ornaments  ; 

Andmtthfweet  Ladies  with  my  Words  and  laeks* 

:       "~  To 


254  5The  Second  Tart  of 

To  tell  my  love  unto  his  dumb  deaf  trunk, 
And  with  my  fingers  feel  his  hand  unfeeling  : 
But  all  in  vain  are  thefe  mean  obfequies. 

[Bed  with  Glo'fter'i  body  put  forth. 
And  to  furvey  his  dead  and  earthy  image, 
What  were  it,  but  to  make  my  for  row  greater  ? 

War.  Come  hither,  gracious  Soveraign,  view  this  body. 

K.  Henry.  That  is  to  fee  how  deep  my  grave  is  made  : 
For  with  his  foul  fled  all  my  worldly  folace  \ 
For  feeing  him,  I  fee  my  life  in  death. 

War.  As  furely  as  my  foul  intends  to  live 
With  that  dread  King,  that  took  our  ftate  upon  him, 
To  free  us  from  his  father's  wrathful  curfe, 
I  do  believe,  that  violent  hands  were  laid 
Upon  the  life  of  this  thrice-famed  Duke. 

Suf.  A  dreadful  oath,  fworn  with  a  folemn  tongue ! 
What  inftance  gives  lord  Warwick  for  his  vow  ? 

War.  See,  how  the  blood  is  fettled  in  his  face. 
Oft  have  I  feen  a  timely-parted  ghoft, 
Of  afhy  femblance,  meager,  pale,  and  bloodlefs ; 
Being  all  defcended  to  the  laboring  heart, 
Who,  in  the  conflict  that  it  holds  with  death, 
Attracts  the  fame  for  aidance  'gainft  the  enemy  ; 
Which  with  the  heart  there  cools,  and  ne'er  returneth 
To  blufh  and  beautify  the  cheek  again. 
But  fee,  his  face  is  black  and  full  of  blood  ; 
His  eye-balls  further  out,  than  when  he  liv'd  5 
Staring  full-ghaftly,  like  a  ftrangled  man ; 
His  hair  up-rear'd,  his  noftrils  ftretch'd  with  ftruggling : 
His  hands  abroad  difplay'd,  as  one  that  grafpt 
And  tugg'd  for  life,  and  was  by  ftrength  fubdu'd. 
Look  on  the  fheets  \  his  hair,  you  fee,  is  flicking  ; 
His  well-proportion'd  beard  made  rough  and  rugged, 
Like  to  the  fummer's  corn  by  temped  lodg'd  : 
It  cannot  be,  but  he  was  murther'd  here  : 
The  lead  of  all  thefe  figns  were  probable. 

Suf  Why,  Warwick^  who  fhould  do  the  Duke  to  death? 
My  felf  and  Beauford  had  him  in  protection  ; 
And  we,  I  hope,  Sirs,  are  no  murtherers. 

War. 


King  Henry  VI.  255 

War.  But  both  of  you  have  vow'd  Duke  Humphry9 & 
And  you,  forfooth,  had  the  good  Duke  to  keep  :    [death, 
9Tis  like,  you  would  not  feaft  him  like  a  friend  ; 
And  'tis  well  feen,  he  found  an  enemy. 

Q^Mar.  Then  you,  belike,   fufped:  thefe  Noblemen, 
As  guilty  of  Duke  Humphry's  timelefs  death. 

War.  Who  finds  the  heifer  dead  and  bleeding  frefli, 
And  fees  fall  by  a  butcher  with  an  ax, 
But  will  fufpect,  'twas  he  that  made  the  (laughter 
"Who  finds  the  partridge  in  the  puttock'*  neft, 
But  may  imagine  how  the  bird  was  dead, 
Although  the  kite  foar  with  unbloodied  beak  ? 
Even  fo  fufpicious  is  this  tragedy*  [knife? 

Q^Mar.  Are  yeu  the  butcher,  Suffolk?    where's  your 
Is  Beauford  term'd  a  kite  ?  where  are  his  tallons  ? 

Suf.  I  wear  no  knife  to  daughter  fleeping  men ; 
But  here's  a  'vengeful  fword,  rufted  with  eafe, 
That  mall  be  fcoured  in  his  ranc'rous  heart, 
That  (landers  me  with  murther's  crimfon  badge. 
Say,  if  thou  dar'ft,  proud  lord  of  Warwick/hire, 
That  I  am  faulty  in  Duke  Humphry's  death.  [him  ? 

War.  What  dares  not  Warwick^   if  falfe  Suffolk  dare 

Q^Mar.  He  dares  not  calm  his  contumelious  fpirit, 
Nor  ceafe  to  be  an  arrogant  controller, 
Though  Suffolk  dare  him  twenty  thoufand  times. 

War.  Madam,  be  flill  ;  with  rev'rence  may  I  fay  ; 
For  ev'ry  word,  you  fpeak  in  his  behalf, 
Is  (lander  to  your  royal  Dignity. 

Suf.  Blunt-witted  lord,  ignoble  in  demeanour, 
If  ever  lady  wrong'd  her  lord  fo  much, 
Thy  mother  took  into  her  blameful  bed 
Some  ftern  untutor'd  churl  ;  and  noble  (lock 
Was  graft  with  crab-tree  (lip,  whofe  fruit  thou  art  ; 
And  never  of  the  Nevil9s  noble  Rtfce. 

War.  But  that  the  guilt  of  murther  bucklers  thee, 
And  I  mould  rob  the  death's-man  of  hie  fee, 
Quitting  thee  thereby  of  ten  thoufand  (hames, 
And  that  my  Soveraign's  prefence  makes  me  mild, 
I  would,  falfe  murd'rous  Coward,  on  thy  knee 
Make  thee  beg  pardon  for  thy  paffed  fpeech, 

And 


2  5  6  The  Second  Fart  of 

And  fay,  ic  was  thy  mother  that  thou  meant'lt  5— 
That  thou  thy  felf  waft  born  in  baftardy ; 
And,  after  all  this  fearful  homage  done,  : 

Give  thee  thy  hire,  and  fend  thy  foul  to  hell, 
Pernicious  blood-fucker  of  deeping  men. 

Suf.  Thou  fhak  be  waking,  while  Whed  thy  blood, 
If  from  this  prefence  thou  dar'ft  go  with  me. 

War.  Away  ev'n  now,  or  I  will  drag  thee  hence : 
Unworthy  though  thou  art,  I'll  cope  with  thee  ; 
And  do  fome  fervice  to  Duke  Humphry's  ghoft.    [Exeunt. 

K.  Henry.  What  ftronger  breaft-plate  than  a  heart  un- 
tainted ?  (12) 
Thrice  is  he  arm'd,  that  hath  his  quarrel  juft  ; 
And  he  but  naked,  (though  lock'd  up  in  fteel) 
Whofe  confcience  with  injuftice  is  corrupted. 

[A  noife  within. 

Q^Mar.  What  noife  is  this  ? 

Enter  Suffolk  and'  Warwick,    with  their  weapons  drawn. 

K.  Henry.    Why,    how  now,    lords  ?    your  wrathful 
weapons  drawn 
Here  in  our  prefence  !  dare  you  be  fo  bold  ? 
Why,  what  tumultuous  clamour  have  we  here? 

Suf.  The  trait'rous  Warwick  with  the  men  of  Bury 
Set  all  upon  me,  mighty  Soveraign.       , 

Enter  Salisbury. 
Sal.  SuS,  ftand  apart ;  the  King  fhall  know  your  mind- 
Dread  lord,  the  Commons  fend  you  word  by  me, 
Unlefs  lord  Suffolk  ilrait  be  done  to  death, 
Or  banifhed  fair  Englatid's  territories, 
They  will  by  violence  tear  him  from  your  Palace, 
And  torture  him  with  grievous  lingring  death. 
They  fay,  by  him  the  good  Duke  Humphry  died  ; 
They  fay,  in  him  they  fear  your  Highnefs'  death  j 

(1 2)  What  ftronger  Breaft-plate  than  a  Heart  untainted? 

Thrice  is  he  arm'd ]   The  Poet  feenis  to  have  had  in  View  this 

Expreflion  of "Horace,  (Li.  i.  Ode.  3.) 

Mi  robur  Is  a^s  triplex  - 

Circa  pedtusmz/,  &c. 

however  he  hfo  varied  it  in  the  Application.  .      . 


King  Henri  VI.  15? 

And  mere  inftinct  of  love  and  loyalty, 
(Free  from  a  ftubborn  oppofice  intent, 
As  being  thought  to  contradict  your  liking) 
Makes  them  thus  forward  in  his  Banifhment. 
They  fay,  in  care  of  your  moft  royal  perfon, 
That  if  your  Highnefs  mould  intend  to  fleep, 
And  charge  that  no  man  mould  difturb  your  reft, 
In  pain  of  your  diflike,  or  pain  of  death  ; 
Yet,  notwithstanding  fuch  a  ftrait  edict, 
Were  there  a  ferpent  feen  with  forked  tongue, 
That  flily  glided  tow'rds  your  Majefty, 
It  were  but  neceffary  you  were  wak'd  ; 
Left,  being  fuffer'd  in  that  harmful  flumber, 
The  mortal  worm  might  make  the  fleep  eternal. 
And  therefore  do  they  cry,  though  you  forbid, 
That  they  will  guard  you  whe're  you  will  or  no, 
From  fuch  fell  lerpents  as  falfe  Suffolk  is  ; 
With  whofe  invenomed  and  fatal  fting 
Your  loving  Uncle,  twenty  times  his  worth, 

They  fay,,  is  fhamefully  bereft  of  life. 

Commons  within.  An  anfwer  from  the  King,  my  lord 

of  Salisbury. 

Suf,  'Tis  like,  the  Commons,  rude  unpolifh'd  hinds, 

Could  fend  fuch  meffage  to  their  Soveraign  : 

But  you,  my  lord,  were  glad  to  be  employ 'd, 

To  mew  how  queint  an  orator  you  are. 

But  all  the  honour  Salisbury  hath  won, 

Is,  that  he  was  the  lord  AmbafTador 

Sent  from  a  Sort  of  tinkers  to  the  King. 

Within.  An  anfwer  from    the  King,    or    we  will  adl 

break  in. 

K.  Henry.  Go,  Salisbury,  and  tell  them  all  from  me, 

I  thank  them  for  their  tender  loving  care  ; 

And  had  I  not  been  cited  fo  by  them, 

Yet  did  I  purpofe  as  they  do  entreat  *, 

For,  fure,  my  thoughts  do  hourly  prophefie 

Mifchance  unto  my  State  by  Suffolk's  means. 

And  therefore  by  his  Majefty  I  fwear, 

Whofe  far  unworthy  Deputy  I  am, 
Vol.  IV.  R  Hf 


%  5  8  The  Second  Tart  of 

He  (hall  not  breathe  infection  in  this  air 
But  three  days  longer,   on  the  pain  of  death. 

Q^Mar.  Oh  Henry,  lee  me  plead  for  gentle  Suffolk. 

K.  Henry.  Ungentle  Queen,  to  call  him  gentle  Suffolk. 
No  more,  I  fay  :  if  thou  doft  plead  for  him, 
Thou  wilt  but  add  increafe  unto  my  wrath. 
Had  I  but  faid,  I  would  have  kept  my  word  j 
But  when  I  fwear,  it  is  irrevocable  : 
If  after  three  days  fpace  thou  here  be'fl  found, 
On  any  ground  that  I  am  ruler  of, 
The  world  fhall  not  be  ranfom  for  thy  life. 
Come,  Warwick  -,  come,  good  Warwick  ;    go  with  me  *, 
I  have  great  matters  to  impart  to  thee. 

{Exeunt  K.  Henry,  Warwick,  &c. 

Manent  Suffolk,  and  Queen. 

Q^Mar.  Mifchance  and  forrow  go  along  with  you, 
Heart's  Difcontent  and  four  Affliction 
Be  play-fellows  to  keep  you  company  > 
There's  two  of  you,   the  devil  make  a  third, 
And  threefold  vengeance  tend  upon  your  fteps ! 

Suf.  Ceafe,  gentle  Queen,    thefe  execrations ; 
And  let  thy  Suffolk  take  his  heavy  leave. 

Q^Mar.  Fie,  coward  woman,  and  foft-hearted  wretch, 
Haft  thou  not  fpirit  to  curfe  thine  enemy  ?  [them  ? 

Suf.  A  plague  upon  them  !    wherefore  fliould  I  curfe 
Would  curies  kill,  as  doth  the  mandrake's  groan, 
I  would  invent  as  bitter  fearching  terms, 
As  curft,    as  harm,  and  horrible  to  hear, 
Deliver' d  ftrongly  through  my  fixed  teeth, 
With  full  as  many  figns  of  deadly  hate, 
As  lean-fac'd  envy  in  her  loathfome  cave. 
My  tongue  mould  Humble  in  mine  earner!:  words, 
Mine  eyes  mould  fparkle  like  the  beaten  flint, 
Mine  hair  be  fixt  on  end  like  one  diftraft  : 
Ay,  ev'ry  joint  fliould  feem  to  curfe  and  ban. 
And  even  now  my  burthen'd  heart  would  break, 
Should  I  not  curfe  them.     Poifon  be  their  drink  ! 
Gall,  worfe  than  gall,  the  daintieft  meat  they  tafte  ! 

Their  fweeteft  fliade  a  grove  of  cyprefs  trees  ! 

Their 


King  Henry  VL  % jj> 

Their  chiefeft  profpecl:  murd'ring  bafililks  ! 

Their  fofteft  touch,  as  fmart  as  lizards  flings  !  (13) 

Their  mufick  frightful  as  the  ferpent's  hifs  ! 

And  boading  fcreech-owls  make  the  concert  full ! 

All  the  foul  terrors  in  dark-feated  hell [felf  j 

Q^Mar.  Enough,   fweet  Suffolk,   thou  torment'ft  thy 
And  thefe  dread  curfes,  like  the  fun  'gainft  glafs, 
Or  like  an  over-charged  gun,  recoil, 
And  turn  the  force  of  them  upon  thy  felf. 

Suf.  You  bad  me  ban,  and  will  you  bid  me  leave  ? 
Now,  by  the  ground  that  I  am  banifh'd  from, 
Well  could  I  curfe  away  a  winter's  night, 
Though  {landing  naked  on  a  mountain  top. 
Where  biting  Cold  would  never  let  grafs  grow, 
And  think  it  but  a  minute  fpent  in  fport.  [hand, 

Q^Mar.  Oh,  let  me  intreat  thee  ceafe ;    give  me  thy 
That  I  may  dew  it  with  my  mournful  tears  ; 
Nor  let  the  rain  of  heaven  wet  this  place, 
To  warn  away  my  woful  monuments. 
Oh,  could  this  kifs  be  printed  in  thy  hand, 
That  thou  might'fl  think  upon  thefe  by  the  feal, 
Through  whom  a  thoufand  fighs  are  breath'd  for  thee? 
So,  get  thee  gone,  that  I  may  know  my  grief ; 
'Tis  but  furmis'd,  whilft  thou  art  {landing  by  : 
As  one  that  furfeits,  thinking  on  a  Want, 
I  will  repeal  thee,  or,  be  well  afiur'd, 
Adventure  to  be  banifhed  my  felf  : 

(13)  as  fmart  as  Lizards1  Stings!]    In  feveral  other  PaiTage?^ 

I  have  obferv'd,  our  Poet  fpeaks  of  the  Lizard,  fo  iaoffenfive  with  us,  as 
of  a  noxious  Animal.  I  don't  know,  whether  in  Italy  thefe  Reptiles  be 
venomous,  or  no  ;  or  whether,  by  Lizard,  the  Poet  means  Serpent,  as 
Virgil  is  faid  to  do,   Eclog.  2.  <v.  9. 

Nunc  Strides  etiam  occult  ant  Spinet  a  Lacertos.  Lacertos.]  Genus  Ser- 
fentis ;  fays  Servius.  But  we  know,  thefe  Animals  are  terrible  and 
;noxious  in  fome  Parts  of  the  World  ;  as  in  the  Ifland  of  Java,  for  In- 
stance. In  Syfais  Javae,  in  paludibus  £ff  ca?no,  Lacertse  quoddam  genus,  autt 
ut  aptius  dicam,  Crocodili  terrejlris  Jpecies.—Nullus,  ex  plurimis  quos  <vidi, 
ultra  quinque  pedes  excrewerat.  Ferunt  tamen  Javani,  faevos  et  maj&res  in 
montibus  njerfari.  Animal  per  totum  Vert ebr arum  dorfi  proceffum  ferfatum 
eft,  cute  rugofe  et  fquamofa,  fade  <viridi  l£  maculofa  ;  ita  ut  folo  afpe£b$ 
fuo  infuetis  horrorem  incutiat.     Bontius  in  Natural  Hiftor.  lib.  v.  c .  4. ' 


%  6  o  The  Second  'Part  of 

And  banifhed  I  am,  if  but  from  thee. 

Go,  fpeak  not  to  me  •,  even  now  be  gone— - 

Oh,  go  not  yet — — Ev'n  thus  two  friends  condemned 

Embrace  and  kifs,  and  take  ten  thoufand  leaves, 

Leather  a  hundred  times  to  part  than  die: 

Yet  now  farewel,  andfarewel  life  with  thee  ! 

Suf.  Thus  is  poor  Suffolk  ten  times  banifhed, 
Once  by  the  King  and  three  times  thrice  by  thee. 
3Tis  not  the  Land  I  care  for,  wert  thou  hence  ; 
A  Wilde rnefs  is  populous  enough, 
So  Suffolk  had  thy  heav'nly  company. 
For  where  thou  art,  there  is  the  World  it  felf; 
With  ev'ry  fev'ral  pleafure  in  the  world  : 
And  where  thou  art  not,  Defolation. 

I  can  no  more Live  thou  to  joy  thy  life  ; 

My  felf  no  joy  in  aught  but  that  thou  liv'ft. 

Enter  Vaux. 

Q^Mar.  Whither  goes  Vaux  fo  fad  ?    what  news,  I 
pr'ythee  ? 

VaU-x.  To  fignifie  unto  his  Majefty, 
That  Cardinal  Beauford  is  at  point  of  death : 
For  fuddenly  a  grievous  ficknefs  took  him, 
That  makes  him  gafp,  and  flare,  and  catch  the  air, 
Blafpheming  God,  and  curfing  men  on  earth. 
Sometimes  he  talks,  as  if  Duke  Humphrfs  ghofl 
Were  by  his  fide  ;  fometimes,  he  calls  the  King  ; 
And  whifpers  to  his  pillow,  as  to  him, 
The  fecrets  of  his  over-charged  foul  : 
And  I  am  lent  to*  tell  his  Majefty, 
That  even  now  he  cries  aloud  for  him. 

Q^Mar.  Go  tell  this  heavy  mefTage  to  the  King. 

[Ex.  Vaux, 
Ay  me  !  what  is  this  world  ?  what  news  are  thefe  ? 
But  wherefore  grieve  I  at  an  hour's  poor  lofs, 
Omitting  Suffolk's  exile,  my  foul's  treafure  ? 
Why  only,  Suffolk^   mourn  I  not  for  thee, 
And  with  the  fouthern  clouds  contend  in  tears  ? 
Theirs  for  the  earth's  increafe  •,  mine  for  my  forrows. 

Now, 


King  Henry  VI.  161 

Now,  get  thee  hence;  the  King,  thouknow'ft,  is  coming; 
If  thou  be  found  by  me,  thou  art  but  dead. 

Suf  If  I  depart  from  thee,  I  cannot  live  ; 
And  in  thy  fight  to  die,  what  were  it  elfe, 
But  like  a  pleafant  (lumber  in  thy  lap? 
Here  could  I  breathe  my  foul  into  the  air, 
As  mild  and  gentle  as  the  cradle-babe 
Dying  with  mother's  dug  between  its  lips. 
Where,  from  thy  fight,  I  mould  be  raging  mad, 
And  cry  out  for  thee  to  clofe  up  mine  eyes  ; 
To  have  thee  with  thy  lips  to  ftop  my  mouth: 
So,   fhouldft  thou  either  turn  my  flying  foul  ; 
Or  I  mould  breathe  it  fo  into  thy  body  ; 
And  then  it  liv'd  in  fweet  Ely/turn. 
To  die  by  thee,  were  but  to  die  in  jeft  ; 
From  thee  to  die,  were  torture  more  than  death  ; 
Oh  !  let  me  (lay,  befal  what  may  befal. 

Q^Mar.  Away  ;  though  Parting  be  a  fretful  corrofive* 
It  is  applied  to  a  deathful  wound. 
To  France,  fweet  Suffolk  ;  let  me  hear  from  thee : 
For  wherefoe'er  thou  art  in  this  world's  globe, 
I'll  have  an  Iris,  that  fhall  find  thee  out. 

Suf  I  go. 

Q^Mar.  And  take  my  heart  with  thee. 

Suf  A  jewel  lock'd  into  the  woful'ft  casket 
That  ever  did  contain  a  thing  of  worth. 
Even  as  a  fplitted  bark,  fo  funder  we  ; 
This  way  fall  I  to  death. 

Q^Mar.  This  way  for  me.  [Exeunt  feverally. 

SCENE,  the  Cardinal',*  Bedchamber. 

Enter  King  Henry,  Salisbury,    and  Warwick,  to  the  Car- 
dinal in  Bed. 

K.  Henry.  TJ  O  W  fares  my  lord  ?  fpeak,  Beauford>  to 
JL  X        tnY  Soveraign. 
Car.  If  thou  beeft  Death,  I'll  give  thee  E?ig!and9s  trea- 
fure, 

R  3  Enough 


%&±  ^^the  Second  &art  of 

Enough  to  purchafe  fuch  another  Ifland, 
So  thou  wilt  let  me  live,  and  feel  no  pain. 

K.  Henry.  Ah,  what  a  fign  it  is  of  evil  life, 
Where  death's  approach  is  feen  fo  terrible  ! 

War.  Beauford^  it  is  thy  Soveraign  fpeaks  to  thee. 

Car.  Bring  me  unto  my  Tryal,  when  you  will. 
JDy'd  he  not  in  his  bed  ?  where  mould  he  die  ? 
Can  I  make  men  live  whe're  they  will  or  ho  ? 

Oh,  torture  me  no  more,  I  will  confefs > 

Alive  again  ?  then  (hew  me,  where  he  is  : 

I'll  give  a  thoufand  pound  to  look  upon  him- 

He  hath  no  eyes,  the  duft  hath  blinded  them  : 
Comb  down  his  hair  •,  look  !  look  !  it  ftands  upright, 
Like  lime- twigs  fet  to  catch  my  winged  foul : 
Give  me  fome  drink,  and  bid  th'  apothecary 
Bring  the  (strong  poifon  that  I  bought  of  him. 

K,  Henry.  O  thou  eternal  Mover  of  the  heav'ns, 
Look  with  a  gentle  eye  upon  this  wretch  > 
Oh,  beat  away  the  bufie,  medling,  fiend, 
That  lays  ftrong  fiege  unto  this  wretch's  foul, 
And  from  his  bofom  purge  this  black  defpair. 

War.  See,  how  the  pangs  of  death  do  make  him  grin! 

Sal.  Difturb  him  not,  let  him  pafs  peaceably. 

K.  Henry.  Peace  to  his  foul,  if  God's  good  pleafure  be  ! 
Lord  Cardinal,  if  thou  think'ft  on  heaven's  blifs, 
Hold  up  thy  hand,  make  fignal  of  thy  hope. 
He  dies,  and  makes  no  fign  !  O  God,  forgive  him* 

War.  So  bad  a  death  argues  a  monftrous  life. 

K.  Henry.  Forbear  to  judge,  for  we  are  finners  all. 
Clofe  up  his  eyes,  and  draw  the  curtain  clofe, 
And  let  us  all  to  meditation.  [Exeunt. 


ACT 


King  Henry  VL 


i6$ 


ACT     IV. 

SCENE,  the  Coaji  of  Kent. 

Alarum.  Fight  at  fea.  Ordnance  goes  off.  Enter  Cat- 
tain,  Whitmore,  and  other  Pirates,  with  Suffolk  and 
ethers  Prifoners. 

Captain. 

HE  gaudy,  blabbing,  and  remorfeful  day 
Is  crept  into  the  bofom  of  the  fea  : 
And  now   loud  howling  wolves   aroufe  the 

jades, 
That  drag  the  tragick  melancholy  night ; 
Who  with  their  drowfie,  flow,  and  flagging  wings 
Clip  dead  mens  graves  ;  and  from  their  mifty  jaws 
Breathe  foul  contagious  darknefs  in  the  air. 
Therefore  bring  forth  the  foldiers  of  our  prize  : 
For  whilft  our  Pinnace  anchors  in  the  Downs, 
Here  (hall  they  make  their  ranfom  on  the  fand  ; 
Or  with  their  blood  flain  this  difcolour'd  fhore, 
Mailer,  this  prifoner  freely  give  I  thee  -, 
And  thou,   that  art  his  mate,  make  boot  of  this  : 
The  other,  Walter  Whit?nore  is  thy  fhare. 

i  Gent.  What  is  my  ranfom,  matter,  let  me  know, 
Maft.  A  thoufand  crowns,  or  elfe  lay  down  your  head, 
Mate.  And  fo  much  fhall  you  give,  or  off  goes  yours. 
Whit.  What,  think   you   much  to   pay  two  thoufand 
crowns, 
And  bear  the  name  and  port  of  gentlemen  ? 
Cut  both  the  villains  throats,  for  die  you  fliall : 
Nor  can  thofe  lives,  which  we  have  loft  in  fight, 
Be  counter-pois'd  with  fuch  a  petty  fum. 

R  4  i  Gent, 


264  ffl*e  Second  Tart  of 

i  Gent.  I'll  give  it,  Sir,  and  therefore  fpare  my  life.  , 

2  Gent.  And  fo  will  I,  and  write  home  for  it  ftraight. 

Whit.  I  loft  mine  eye  inlaying  the  prize  aboard, 
And  therefore,  to  revenge  it,  (halt  thou  die  ;  [To  Suffolk. 
And  fo  mould  thefe,  if  I  might  have  my  will. 

Cap.  Be  not  fo  raih,  take  ranfom,  let  him  live. 

Suf  Look  on  my  George ,  I  am  a  gentleman  ; 
Rate  me  at  what  thou  wilt,  thou  malt  be  paid.— 

Whit.  And  fo  am  I  ;  my  name  is  Walter  Whltmore. 
How  now  ?  why  ftart'ft  thou?  what,  doth  death  affright? 

Suf  Thy  name  affrights  me,  in  whofe  found  is  death. 
A  cunning  man  did  calculate  my  birth, 
And  told  me,  that  by  Water  I  mould  die  : 
Yet  let  not  this  make  thee.be  bloody-minded,     , 
Thy  name  is  Gwaltier,  being  rightly  founded. 

Whit.  Gaultier  or  Walter^  which  it  is,  I  care  not ; 
Ne'er  yet  did  bafe  Difhonour  blur  our  name, 
But  with  our  fword  we  wip'd  away  the  blot. 
Therefore,  when  merchant-like  I  fell  revenge, 
Broke  be  my  fword,  my  arms  torn  and  defac'd, 
And  I  proclaim'd  a  Coward  through  the  world  ! 

Suf.  Slay,  Whitmore ;  for  thy  prifoner  is  a  Prince  ; 
The  Duke  of  Suffolk^  William  de  la  Pole. 

Whit.  The  Duke  of  Suffolk  muffled  up  in  rags  ? 

Suf.  Ay,  but  thefe  rags  are  no  part  of  the  Duke. 
Jove  fom  crimes  went  difguis'd,  and  why  not  I  ? 

Cap.  But  Jove  was  never  flain,  as  thou  malt  be. 

Suf.  Cbfcure  and  lowly  fwain,  King  Henrfs  blood, 
The  honourable  blood  of  Lancafter> 
Muff  not  be  (bed  by  fuch  a  jaded  groom: 
Hail  thou  not  kifs'd  thy  hand,  and  held  myftirrop? 
Bare-headed  plodded  by  my  foot- cloth  mule, 
And  thought  thee  happy  when  I  fhook  my  head  ? 
How  often  haft  thou  waited  at  my  cup, 
Fed  from  my  trencher,  kaeel'd  down  at  the  board, 
When  I  have  feafted  with  Queen  Margaret  ? 
Remember  it,  and  let  it  make  thee  creft-fal'n  j 
Ay,  and  allay  this  thy  abortive  pride. 
How  in  our  voiding  lobby  haft  thou  ftood5 
And  duly  waited  for  my  coming  forth  ? 

This 


King  Hex ry  VI.  265 

This  hand  of  mine  hath  writ  in  thy  behalf, 
And  therefore  mall  it  charm  thy  riotous  tongue. 

WtiiU  Speak,  Captain,  fhall  I  ftab  the  forlorn  fwain  ? 

Cap.  Firft  let  my  words  ftab  him,  as  he  hath  me. 

S.itf.  Bafe  flave,  thy  words  are  blunt  ;  and  fo  art  thou. 

Cap.  Convey  him  hence,  and,  on  our  long-boat's  fide, 
Strike  off  his  head. 

Suf.  Thou  dar'ft  not  for  thy  own. 

Cap.  Poole,  Sir  Poole  ?  lord  ? 

Ay,  kennel puddle fink,  whofe  filth  and  dire 

Troubles  the  filver  Spring  where  England  drinks  : 

Now  will  I  dam  up  this  thy  yawning  mouth, 

For  fwallowing  up  the  treafure  of  the  Realm. 

Thy  lips,  that  kifs'd  the  Queen,  fhall  fweep  the  ground  ; 

And  thou,  that  imil'dft  at  good  Duke  Humphry's  death, 

Againft  the  fenfelefs  winds  fhalt  grin  in  vain, 

Who  in  contempt  fhall  hifs  at  thee  again. 

And  wedded  be  thou  to  the  hags  of  hell, 

For  daring  to  affie  a  mighty  lord 

Unto  the  daughter  of  a  worthlefs  King, 

Having  nor  Subject,  Wealth,  nor  Diadem  ! 

By  devilifh  policy  art  thou  grown  great, 

And,  like  ambitious  Sylla,  over-gorg'd 

With  gobbets  of  thy  mother's  bleeding  heart. 

By  thee  Anjou  and  Maine  were  fold  to  France  ; 

The  falfe  revolting  Normans,   thorough  thee, 

Difdain  to  call  us  lord  -,  and  Picardie 

Hath  flain  their  Governors,  furpriz'd  our  Forts, 

And  fent  the  ragged  foldiers  wounded  home. 

The  princely  Warwick,  and  the  Nevils  all, 

(Whofe  dreadful  fwords  were  never  drawn  in  vain) 

As  hating  thee,  are  rifing  up  in  arms. 

And  now  the  Houfe  of  York  (thruft  from  the  Crown) 

By  mamefui  murther  of  a  guiltlefs  King, 

And  lofty  proud  incroaching  tyranny, 

Burns  with  revenging  fire  ;  whofe  hopeful  Colours 

Advance  a  half-fac'd  Sun  ftriving  to  fhine  ; 

Under  the  which  is  writ,  Invitis  nubibus. 

The  Commons  here  in  Kent  are  up  in  arms : 

And  to  conclude,  Reproach,  and  Beggary 

Is 


f 


%66  The  Second  Tart  of 

Is  crept  into  the  Palace  of  our  King, 

And  all  by  thee.     Away  !    convey  him  hence. 

Suf  O,  that  I  were  a  God,  to  moot  forth  thunder 
Upon  thefe  paultry,  fervile,  abject  drudges  ! 
Small  things  make  bafe  men  proud.     This  villain  here, 
Being  captain  of  a  pinnace,  threatens  more 
Than  Bargulus  the  (Irong  Illyian  Pirate.  (14) 
Drones  fuck  not  eagles  blood,  but  rob  bee-hives. 
It  is  impoflible  that  I  mould  die 
By  fuch  a  lowly  vaffal  as  thy  k\f. 
#Thy  words  move  rage,  and  not  remorfe,    in  me  i 
I  go  of  meffage  from  the  Queen  to  France  ; 
I  charge  thee  waft  me  fafely  crofs  the  channel. 

Cap.  Walter 

Whit.  Come,  Suffolk,   I  mud  waft  thee  to  thy  death. 

Suf.  Ptsnts  gelidus  timor  cccufat  artus :  it's  thee  I  fear.  (15) 

Whit.  Thou  malt  have  caufe  to  fear,  before  I  leave  thee. 
What,  are  ye  daunted  now  ?  now  will  ye  ftoop  ? 

1  Gent.  My  gracious  lord,  in.treat  him  ;  fpeak  him  fair. 

Suf,  Suffolk's  imperial  tongue  is  ftern  and  rough, 
Us'd  to  command,  untaught  to  plead  for  favour. 
Far  be  it,  we  fhould  honour  fuch  as  thefe 
With  humble  fuit  ;  no  •,  rather  let  my  head 
Stoop  to  the  block,  than  thefe  knees  bow  to  any, 
Save  to  the  God  of  heav'n,  and  to  my  King  -9 
And  fooner  dance  upon  a  bloody  pole, 
Than  (land  uncover'd  to  the  vulgar  groom. 
True  Nobility  is  exempt  from  fear  : 
More  can  I  bear,  than  you  dare  execute. 

Cap.  Hale  him  away,  and  let  him  talk  no  more  ; 
Come,  foldiers,  (hew  what  cruelty  ye  can. 

(14)  tphan  Bargulus  the  firong  Illyrian  Pirate.'] 

The  old  4to  reads,  than  mighty  Abradas  the  great  Macedonian  "Pirate. 
Neither  of  thefe  Wights  have  I  been  able  to  trace,  or  difcover  from  what 
legend  our  Author  derivM  his  Acquaintance  with  them . M 

(15)  Pine  gelidus  timor  occupat  artus.]  Thus  the  ill  Folio  Impreffion. 
Whence  the  Poet  glean  d  this  Hcmifiich,  I  do  not  know.  Tis  certain, 
the  nrft  Word  is  corrupted.  I  believe,  I  have  reftor'd  it,  as  it  ought  to 
be.  Suffolk  would  fey,  the  Fear  of  that  Punijhment,  that  Revenge,  they 
were  about  to  take  upon  him,  •  put  his  Limbs  into  a  cold  trembling. 

Suf. 


King  Henry  VI»  167 

Suf.  That  this  my  death  may  never  be  forgot, 
Great  men  oft  die  by  vile  Bezmians. 
A  Roman  fworder  and  Bandetto  (lave 
Murther'd  fweet  Tully  ;   Brutus*  baftard  hand 
Stabb'd  Julius  Cafar  \  favage  Iflanders 
Pompey  the  Great :  And  Suffolk  dies  by  Pirates. 

[Exit  Walter  Whitmore  with  Suffolk. 

Cap.  And  as  for  thefe,  whofe  ranfom  we  have  fet, 
It  is  our  pleafure  one  of  them  depart  ; 
Therefore  come  you  with  us,  and  let  him  go. 

[Ex.  Captain  and  the  reft. 

Manet  the  fir  ft  Gent.    Enter  Whitmore,  with  the  body. 

Whit.  There  let  his  head  and  livelefs  body  lye, 
Until  the  Queen  his  miftrefs  bury  it.  [Exit  Whit, 

1  Gent.  O  barbarous  and  bloody  fpectacle  ! 
His  body  will  I  bear  unto  the  King : 
If  he  revenge  it  not,  yet  will  his  friends ; 
So  will  the  Queen,  that  living  held  him  dear.  [Exit. 

SCENE  changes  to  Southwark. 
Enter  Bevis  and  John  Holland. 

Bevis.  /*1  OME,  and  get  thee  a  fword  though  made  of 
\^j  a  lath  ;  they  have  been  up  thefe  two  days. 

Hoi.  They  have  the  more  need  to  deep  now  then, 

Bevis.  I  tell  thee,  Jack  Cade  the  clothier  means  to  drefs 
the  commonwealth,  and  turn  it,  and  fet  a  new  nap  upon 
it. 

Hoi.  So  he  had  need,  for  'tis  thread-bare.  Well,  Ifay> 
it  was  never  merry  world  in  England  fince  Gendemen 
came  up. 

Bevis.  O  miferable  age  !  virtue  is  not  regarded  in 
handy- crafts  men. 

Hoi.  The  Nobility  think  fcorn  to  go  in  leather  aprons. 

Bevis.  Nay  more,  the  King's  Council  are  no  good 
workmen. 

Hoi 


2^8  The  Second  Tart  of 

Hoi.  True,  and  yet  it  is  faid,  Labour  in  thy  vocation ; 
which  is  as  much  as  to  fay,  Jet  the  magiftrates  be  labour- 
ing men  ;  and  therefore  mould  we  be  magiftrates. 

Bevis.  Thou  haft  hit  it  ;  for  there's  no  better  fign  of 
a  brave  mind  than  a  hard  hand. 

HoL  I  fee  them,  I  fee  them  ;  there's  B eft's  fon,  the 
tanner  of  Wingham. 

Bevis.  He  mail  have  the  skins  of  our  enemies  to  make 
dog's  leather  of. 

Hoi.  And  Dick  the  butcher  : 

Bevis.  Then  is  fin  ftruck  down  like  an  ox,  and  ini- 
quity's throat  cut  like  a  calf. 

Hoi.  And  Smith  the  weaver :  — — 

Bevis.  Argo,  their  thread  of  life  is  fpun. 

Hoi.  Come,  come,  let's  fall  in  with  them. 

Drum.     Enter  Cade,  Dick  the  butcher,  Smith  the  weaver , 
and  a  fawyer,  with  infinite  numbers. 

Cade.  We  John  Cade,  fo  term'd  of  our  fuppofed 
father 

Dick.  Or  rather  of  ftealing  a  cade  of  herrings. 

Cade.  For  our  enemies  fhall  fall  before  us,  infpired 
with  the  fpirit  of  putting  down  Kings  and  Princes  °,  com- 
mand filence. 

Dick.  Silence. 

Cade.  My  father  was  a  Mortimer*    ■  ■> 

Dick.  He  was  an  honeft  man  and  a  good  bricklayer. 

Cade.  My  mother  a  Flantagenet 

Dick.  I  knew  her  well*  fhe  was  a  midwife. 

Cade.  My  wife  defcended  of  the  Lacies 

Dick.  She  was  indeed  a  pedlar's  daughter,  and  fold 
many  laces. 

Weav.  But,  now  of  late,  not  able  to  travel  with  her 
furr'd  pack,  fhe  wafhes  bucks  here  at  home. 

Cade.  Therefore  am  I  of  an  honourable  Houfe. 

Dick.  Ay,  by  my  faith,  the  field  is  honourable  ;  and 
there  was  he  born,  under  a  hedge ;  for  his  father  had 
never  a  houfe  but  the  cage. 

Cade.  Valiant  I  am. 

Weav.  A'  muft  needs,  for  beggary  is  valiant. 

i  Cade. 


King  Henry  VI.  2  69 

Cade.  I  am  able  to  endure  much. 

Dick.  No  queftion  of  that;  for  Ihave  feen  him  whipt 
three  market  days  together. 

Cade.  I  fear  neither  fword  nor  fire. 

Weav.  He  need  not  fear  the  fword,  for  his  coat  is  of 
proof. 

Dick.  But,  methinks,  he  mould  (land  in  fear  of  fire, 
being  burnt  i'th'  hand  for  ftealing  of  fheep. 

Cade.  Be  brave  then,  for  your  Captain  is  brave,  and 
vows  reformation.  There  fhall  be  in  England  {even 
half-penny  loaves  fold  for  a  penny  -,  the  three-hoop'd 
pot  fhall  have  ten  hoops,  and  I  will  make  it  felony  to 
drink  fmall  beer.  All  the  Realm  fhall  be  in  common, 
and  in  Cheapfide  fhall  my  palfry  go  to  grafs  ;  and  when 
I  am  King,  as  King  I  will  be 

All.  God  fave  your  Majefty  ! 

Cade.  I  thank  you,  good  pepple.  There  fhall  be  no 
mony  ;  all  fhall  eat  and  drink  upon  my  fcore  ;  and  I  will 
apparel  them  all  in  one  livery,  that  they  may  agree  like 
brothers,  and  worfhip  me  their  lord. 

Dick.  The  firft  thing  we  do,  let's  kill  all  the  lawyers. 

Cade.  Nay,  that  I  mean  to  do.  Is  not  this  a  lament- 
able thing,  that  the  skin  of  an  innocent  lamb  mould  be 
made  parchment ;  that  parchment  being  fcribbled  o'er, 
fhould  undo  a  man  ?  Some  fay,  the  bee  flings  ;  but  I 
fay,  'tis  bee's  wax  ;  for  I  did  but  feal  once  to  a  thing,  and 
I  was  never  my  own  man  fince.  How  now  ?  who  is 
there  ? 

Enter  a  Clerk. 

JVeav.  The  clerk  of  Chatham ;  he  can  write  and  read, 
and  caft  accompt. 

Cade.  O  monftrous ! 

Weav.  We  took  him  fetting  boys  copies. 

Cade.  Here's  a  villain  ! 

Weav.  He'as  a  book  in  his  pocket  with  red  letters 
in't. 

Cade.  Nay,  then  he's  a  conjurer. 

Dick.  Nay,  he  can  make  obligations,  and  write  Court- 
hand. 

Cade. 


2?q  The  Second  Tart  of 

Cade,  I  am  forry  for't :  the  man  is  a  proper  man,  of 
mine  honour ;  unlefs  I  find  him  guilty,  he  (hall  not  die. 
Come  hither,  firrah,  I  muft  examine  thee  *,  what  is  thy 
name  ? 

Clerk.  Emanuel. 

Dick.  They  ufe  to  write  it  on  the  top  of  letters :  (16) 
'twill  go  hard  with  you* 

Cade.  Let  me  alone.  Doft  thou  ufe  to  write  thy 
name?  or  haft  thou  a  Mark  to  thy  felf  like  an  honeft 
plain  dealing  man  ? 

Clerk.  Sir,  I  thank  God,  I  have  been  fo  well  brought 
up,  that  I  can  write  my  name. 

AH  He  hath  confeit ;  away  with  him ;  he's  a  villain 
and  a  traitor. 

Cade.  Away  with  him,  I  fay  :  hang  him  with  his  pen 
and  inkhorn  about  his  neck.  [Exit  one  with  the  Clerk. 

■Enter  Michael. 

Mich.  Where  is  our  General  ? 

Cade.  Here  I  am,  thou  particular  fellow. 

Mich.  Fly,  fly,  fly  -,  Sir  Humphry  Stafford  and  his 
brother  are  hard  by  with  the  King's  forces. 

Cade.  Stand,  villain,  fland,  or  I'll  fell  thee  down  ;  he 
{hall  be  encountcr'd  with  a  man  as  good  as  himfejf. 
He  is  but  a  Knight,  is  a'  ? 

Mich.  iNo, 

Cade.  To  equal  him,  I  will  make  my  felf  a  Knight 
prefently  ;  rife  up,  Sir  John  Mortimer.  Now  have  at 
him.     Is  there  any  more  of  them  that  be  Knights  \  (17) 

(1 6)  They  ufe  to  write  it  on  the  Top  of  Letters,]  Emanuel,  which,  *(is 
well  known,  fignifies,  God  with  us ;  was  in  ufe  on  the  Top  of  Letters 
tniffive,  (not  of  common  Letters ;)  as  now  in  publick  Afts,  In  the  Name 
of  God.  Several  Instances  of  this  Superftition  may  be  found  in  Mabillorfs 
Diplomat  a. 

(17)  Is  there  any  more  of  them  that  be  Knights  ? 
Mich.  Ay,  his  Brother. 

Cade.  Then  kneel  down,  Dick  Butcher.  Rife  up  9ir  Dick  Butcher. 
Now  found  up  the  Drum.]  This  Paffage  I  have  inferted  from  the  old 
4to,  becaufe,  I  thi«k,  it  greatly  encreafes  the  Pleafantry  and  Extrava- 
gance of  Cade's,  Humour ;  not  only  to  knight  himfelf,  but,  becaufe 
Stafford's  Brother  was  alio  a  Knight,  to  dub  one  of  his  own  Scoundrel 
Followers!  by  way  of  Equality. 

Mich, 


King  Henry  VI.  17* 

Mich.  Ay,  his  Brother. 

Cade.  Then  kneel  down,  Dick  Butcher.      Rife  up,  Sir 
Dick  Butcher.     Now  found  up  the  Drum. 

Enter  Sir  Humphry  Stafford;  and  young  Stafford,   with 

drum  and  foldiers. 

Staf.  Rebellious  hinds,  the  filth  and  skum  of  Kent% 
Mark'd  for  the  gallows,  lay  your  weapons  down, 
Home  to  your  cottages,  forfake  this  groom  j 
The  King  is  merciful,  if  you  revolt. 

Y.  Staf.  But  angry,  wrathful,  and  inclined  to  blood. 
If  you  go  forward  ;  therefore  yield,  or  die. 

Cade.  As  for  thefe  filken-coated  flaves,  I  pafs  not> 
It  is  to  you,  good  People,  that  I  fpeak, 
O'er  whom  (in  time  to  come)  I  hope  to  reign  ; 
For  I  am  rightful  Heir  unto  the  Crown. 

Staf  Villain,  thy  father  was  a  plaifterer, 
And  thou  thy  felf  a  fhearman,  art  thou  not  ? 

Cade.  And  Adam  was  a  gardener. 

Y.  Staf.  And  what  of  that  ? 

Cade.  Marry,  this. —  Edmund  Mortimer  Earl  of  March 
married  the  Duke  oi Clarence's  daughter,  did  he  not? 

Staf.  Ay,  Sir. 

Cade.  By  her  he  had  two  children  at  one  birth. 

Y.  Staf.  That's  falfe. 

Cade.  Ay,  there's  the  queftion  j   but  I  fay,  'tis  true  : 
The  elder  of  them  being  put  to  nurfe, 
Was  by  a  beggar-woman  ftol'n  away  ; 
And  ignorant  of  his  birth  and  parentage, 
Became  a  bricklayer  when  he  came  to  age : 
His  fon  am  I  -■>  deny  it,  if  you  can. 

Dick.  Nay,  'tis  too  true,  therefore  he  lhall  be  King. 

Weav.  Sir,  he  made  a  chimney  in  my  father's  houfe, 
and  the  bricks  are  alive  at  this  day  to  teftify  it ;  therefore 
deny  it  not. 

t  Staf  And  will  you  credit  this  bafe  drudge's  words, 
That  fpeaks  he  knows  not  what  ? 

All.  Ay,  marry,  will  we ;  therefore  get  you  gone. 

Y.Staf  Jack  Cade>  the  Duke  of  York  hath  taught  you 
this. 

Cade, 


n?i  The  Second  *Part  of 

Cade.  He  lies,  for  I  invented  it  my  felf.  Go  to, 
Sirrah,  tell  the  King  from  me,  that  for  his  father's  fake 
Henry  the  Fifth  (in  whofe  time  boys  went  to  fpancoun- 
ter  for  French  crowns)  I  am  content  he  mail  reign  -9  but 
I'll  be  Protector  over  him. 

Dick.  And  furthermore  we'll  have  the  lord  Say's  head, 
for  felling  the  Dukedom  of  Maine. 

Cade.  And  good  reafon  ;  for  thereby  is  England  maim'd, 
and  fain  to  go  with  a  ftaff,  but  that  my  puifTance  holds  it 
up.  Fellow-Kings,  I  tell  you,  that  that  lord  Say  hath 
gelded  the  common-wealth,  and  made  it  an  eunuch  ;  and 
more  than  that,  he  can  fpeak  French,  and  therefore  he  is 
a  tray  tor. 

St  of.  O  grofs  and  miferable  ignorance  ! 

Cade.  Nay,  anfwer  if  you  can  :  the  Frenchmen  are  our 
enemies :  go  to  then  ;  I  ask  but  this  •,  can  he,  that  fpeaks 
with  the  tongue  of  the  enemy,  be  a  good  counfellor  or 
no  ? 

All.  No,  no,  and  therefore  we'll  have  his  head. 

Y.  Staf.  Well,  feeing  gentle  words  will  not  prevail, 
AfTail  them  with  the  army  of  the  King. 

Staf.  Herald,  away,  and  throughout  every  town 
Proclaim  them  traitors  that  are  up  with  Cade  ; 
That  thofe  which  fly  before  the  battel  ends, 
May  (even  in  their  wives  and  childrens  fight) 
Be  hang'd  up  for  example  at  their  doors  ; 
And  you,  that  be  the  King's  friends,  follow  me. 

[Exeunt  the  Two  Staffords  with  their  Train. 

Cade.  And  you,  that  love  the  Commons,  follow  me. 
Now  fhew  your  felves  men,  'tis  for  liberty. 
We  will  not  leave  one  lord,  one  gentleman  ; 
Spare  none,  but  fuch  as  go  in  clouted  (hoone, 
For  they  are  thrifty  honeft  men,  and  fuch 
As  would  (but  that  they  dare  not)  take  our  parts. 

Dick.  They  are  all  in  order,  and  march  toward  us. 

Cade.  But  then  are  we  in  order,  when  we  are  mod  out 
of  order.     Come,  march  forward. 

[Exeunt  Cade  and  bis  party. 
[Alarum  to  fight ,  wherein  both  the  Staffords  are  flain. 

Re- Enter 


King  Henry  VI.  273 

Re-Enter  Cade  and  the  refi. 

'    Cade.  Where's  Dick,  the  butcher  of  AJhford  f 

Dick.  Here,  Sir. 

Cade.  They  fell  before  thee  like  fheep  and  oxen,  and 
thou  behaved'ft  thy  felf  as  if  thou  hadft  been  in  thine 
own  flaughter-houfe  \  therefore  thus  I  will  reward  thee  : 
the  Lent  fhall  be  as  long  again  as  it  is,  and  thou  (hale 
have  a  licenfe  to  kill  for  a  hundred  lacking  one. 
.  Dick.  I  defire  no  more. 

Cade.  And  to  fpeak  truth,  thou  deferv'ft  no  lefs.  This 
monument  of  the  victory  will  I  bear,  and  the  bodies  fhall 
be  dragg'd  at  my  horfe's  heels,  till  I  do  come  to  London^ 
where  we  will  have  the  Mayor's  Sword  borne  before  us. 

Dick.  If  we  mean  to  thrive  and  do  good,  break  open 
the  goals,  and  let  out  the  prifoners. 

Cade.  Fear  not  that,  I  warrant  thee.  Come,  let's 
march  towards  London.  .    [Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to  Black-Heath. 

Enter  King  Henry  with  a  fupplication^  and  Queen  Margaret 
with  Suffolk'*  head,  the  Duke  of  Buckingham,  and  the 
Lord  Say. 

Q^Mar.  /^\FT  have  I  heard,  that  Grief  fofcens  the 

V^y  mind, 

And  makes  it  fearful  and  degenerate  ; 
Think  therefore  on  revenge,  and  ceafe  to  weep. 
But  who  can  ceafe  to  weep,  and  look  on  this  ? 
Here  may  his  head  lie  on  my  throbbing  breaft  : 
But  where's  the  body,  that  I  mould  embrace? 

Buck.  What  anfwer  makes  your  Grace  to  the  rebels 
fupplication  ? 

K.  Henry.  I'll  fend  fome  holy  Biftiop  to  intreat \ 
For  God  forbid,  fo  many  fimple  fouls 
Should  perilh  by  the  fword.    And  I  my  felf, 
Rather  than  bloody  war  (hould  cut  them  fhort, 

Vol.  IV.  S  Will 


274  ^°e  Second  Tart  of 

Will  parly  with  Jack  Cade  their  General, 
But  flay,  I'll  read  it  over  once  again. 

Q^Mar.  Ah,  barbarous  villains  !   hath  this  lovely  face 
Rul'd  like  a  wandring  Planet  over  me, 
And  could  it  not  inforce  them  to  relent, 
That  were  unworthy  to  behold  the  fame  ? 

K.  Henry.  Lord  Say,   Jack  Cade  hath  fworn  to  have 
thy  head. 

Say.  Ay,  but  I  hope,  your  Highnefs  mall  have  his. 

K.  Henry,  How  now,  Madam  ? 
Lamenting  ftill,  and  mourning  Suffolk9?,  death  ? 
I  fear  me,  love,  if  that  I  had  been  dead, 
Thou  wouldeft  not  have  mourn'd  fo  much  for  me. 

Q^Mar.  My  love,  I  mould  not  mourn,  but  die  for 
thee. 

Enter  a  Meffenger. 

K.  Henry.  How  now  ?    what  news  ?    why  com'fi:  thou 
in  fuch  hafte  ? 

Mef.  The  rebels  are  in  Southwark  \  fly,  my  lord : 
Jack  Cade  proclaims  himfelf  lord  Mortimer y 
Defcendedjrom  the  Duke  of  Clarence'  Houfe, 
And  calls  your  Grace  ufurper  openly, 
Ari3  vows  to  crown  himfelf  in  IVeftminfter. 
His  army  is  a  ragged  multitude 
Of  hinds  and  peafants,  rude  and  mercilefs  : 
Sir  H:,  Stafford  and  his  brother's  death 

Hath  gi!/en  them  heart,  and  courage  to  proceed  : 
All  fcholars,  lawyers,  courtiers,  gentlemen, 
They  call  falfe  caterpillars,  and  intend  their  death. 

K.  Henry.    O  gracelefs   men  !    they    know  not  what 
they  do. 

Buck.  My  gracious  lord,  retire  to  Killingzvortb, 
Until  a  Power  be  rais'd  to  put  them  down. 

Q  .  Ah  !  were  the  Duke  of  Suffolk  now  alive, 

Thele  Kentijh  rebels  mould  be  foon  appeas'd. 

K.  .  Lord  Sx\\  the  traitors  hate  thee, 

Therefore  away  with  us  to  Killingzvortb. 

y.  So  might  your  Grace's  perfon  be  in  danger  : 
The  fight  of  me  is  odious  in  their  eyes  j 

And 


King  Henry  VT;  i?j 

And  therefore  in  this  City  will  I  ftay, 
And  live  alone  as  fecret  as  I  may. 

Enter  another  Mejfenger. 

2  Mef.  Jack  Cade  hath  gotten  London-bridge, 
The  citizens  fly  him,  and  forfake  their  houfes  : 
The  rafcal  people,  thirfting  after  prey, 
Join  with  the  traitor  •,  and  they  jointly  fwear 
To  fpoil  the  City  and  your  royal  Court. 

Buck.  Then  linger  not,  my  lord  ;  away,  take  horfe, 

K.  Henry.  Come,  Margaret,   God  our  hope  will  fuo 
cour  us. 

Q^Mar.  My  hope  is  gone,  now  Suffolk  is  deceas'd. 

K.  Henry.  Farewel,  my  lord  i  truft  not  to  Kentijh  re- 
bels. 

Buck.  Truft  no  body,  for  fear  you  be  betray'd. 

Say.  The  truft  I  have  is  in  mine  innocence, 
And  therefore  am  I  bold  and  refolute.  [Exeunt,, 

SCENE  changes  to  London. 

Enter  lord  Scales  upon  the  Tower  walking.    Then  enter  two 
or  three  Citizens  below. 

Scales.  T  TOW  now  ?  is  Jack  Cade  flain  ? 

X.  i  i  Cit.  No,  my  lord,  nor  like  to  be  flain  : 
for  they  have  won  the  bridge,  killing  all  thofe  that  with- 
ftand  them  :  the  Lord  Mayor  craves  aid  of  your  Honour 
from  the  Tower  to  defend  the  city  from  the  rebels. 

Scales.  'Such  aid,  as  I  can  fpare,  you  (hall  command  j 
But  I  am  troubled  here  with  them  my  felf. 
The  rebels  have  aflay'd  to  win  the  Tower* 
But  get  you  into  Smithfield,  gather  head, 
And  thither  will  I  fend  you  Matthew  Goff. 
Fight  for  your  King,  your  country  and  your  lives, 
And  fo  farewel,  for  I  muft  hence  again.  [Exeunt* 


S 2  SCENE 


*?6  The  Second  Part  of 

SCENE  changes  to  Cannon-Street. 

Enter  Jack  Cade  and  the reft :,  and  flrikes  his  ftaff  on 

London-Stone. 

Cade.  TW1 OW  is  Mortimer  lord  of  this  city,  and  here 
1.^1  fitting  upon  London-Stone,  I  charge  and  com- 
mand that  of  the  city's  coft  the  piffing  conduit  run  no- 
thing but  claret  wine  the  firft  year  of  our  Reign.  And 
now  hence-forward  it  fhall  be  treafon  for  any  that  calls 
me  other  than  lord  Mortimer. 

Enter  a  foldier  running. 

Sol.  Jack  Cade,  Jack  Cade  ! 

Cade.  Knock  him  down  there.  [Tbey  kill  him. 

Weav.  If  this  fellow  be  wife,  he'll  never  call  you  Jack 
Cade  more  •,  I  think,  he  hath  a  very  fair  warning. 

Dick.  My  lord,  there's  an  army  gathered  together  in 
Smithfield. 

Cade.  Come  then,  let's  go  fight  with  them :  but  firft 
go  and  fet  London-bridge  on  fire,  and  if  you  can,  burn 
down  the  Tower  too.     Come,  let's  away.    [Exeunt  omnes. 

SCENE  changes  to  Smithfield. 

Alarum.     Matthew  Goff  isjlain,  and  all  the  reft.     Then 
enter  Jack  Cade  with  his  company. 

Cade.  O  O,  Sirs :  Now  go  Some  and  pull  down  the 
VJ  Savoy  :  others  to  the  Inns  of  courts,  down  with 
them  all. 

Dick.  I  have  a  fuit  unto  your  lordftiip. 

Cade.  Be  it  a  lordfhip,  thou  (halt  have  it  for  that  word. 

Dick.  Only  that  the  Laws  of  England  may  come  out  of 
your  mouth. 

John.  Mafs,  'twill  be  fore  law  then,  for  he  was  thruft 
in  the  mouth  with  a  fpear,  and  'tis  not  whole  yet. 

3  Smith. 


King  Henry  VI.  177 

Smith.  Nay,  John*  it  will  be  Sinking  law,  for  his 
breath  ftinks  with  eating  toafted  cheefe. 

Cade.  I  have  thought  upon  it,  it  fhall  be  fo.  Away, 
burn  all  the  Records  of  the  Realm  ;  my  mouth  fhall  be 
the  Parliament  of  England. 

John.  Then  we  are  like  to  have  biting  Statutes,  unlefs 
his  teeth  be  pull'd  out. 

Cade.  And  henceforward  all  things  fhall  be  in  com- 
mon. I 

Enter  a  Mejfenger-. 

Me/.  My  lord,  a  prize,  a  prize  !  here's  the  lord  Say 
which  fold  the  town  in  France ;  he  that  made  us  pay  one 
and  twenty  fifteens  and  one  fhilling  to  the  pound,  the  lafl 
fubfidy. 

Enter  George  with  the  lord  Say. 

Cade.  Well,  he  fhall  be  beheaded  for  it  ten  times.— 
Ah,  (18)  thou  Say,  thou  ferge,  nay,  thou  buckram  lord, 
now  art  thou  within  point-blank  of  our  jurifdi&ion  regal. 
What  canft  thou  anfwer  to  my  Majefty  for  giving  up  of 
Normandy  unto  Monfieur  Bafimecu,  the  Dauphin  of 
France  ?  be  it  known  unto  thee  by  thefe  prefents,  even 
the  prefence  of  lord  Mortimer,  that  I  am  the  befom  that 
muft  fweep  the  Court  clean  of  fuch  filth  as  thou  art : 
thou  haft  moft  traiteroufly  corrupted  the  youth  of  the 
Realm  in  eredting  agrammar-fchool ;  and  whereas  before, 
our  fore-fathers  had  no  other  books  but  the  fcore  and 
the  tally,  thou  haft  caufed  Printing  to  be  us'd  ;  and  con- 
trary to  the  King,  his  Crown  and  Dignity,  thou  haft 
built  a  paper-mill.  It  will  be  prov'd  to  thy  face  that 
thou  haft  men  about  thee,  that  ufually  talk  of  a  Noun 
and  a  Verl,  and  fuch  abominable  words,  as  no  chriftian 
ear  can  endure  to  hear.    Thou  haft  appointed  juftices  of 

(18)  Ah  thou  Say,  thou  Serge,  nay  thou  buckram  Lord.]  The  Poet 
snakes  Cade  here  pun  upon  my  Lord  Saf  s  Name,  comparing  him  to  that 
coarfe  Stuff  which  we  call  a  Say ;  and  which  the  fhncb  likewife  term* 
mm  Sale,  Saiette* 

S3  the 


17  8  The  Second  Tart  of 

the  peace  to  call  poor  men  before  them,  about  matters 
they  were  not  able  to  anfwer.  Moreover,  thou  haft  put 
them  in  prifon  •,  and  becaufe  they  could  not  read,  thou 
haft  hang'd  them  ;  when,  indeed,  only  for  that  caufe 
they  have  been  moft  worthy  to  live.  Thou  doft  ride  on 
a  foot-cloth,  doft  thou  not? 

Say.  What  of  that? 

Cade.  Marry,  thou  ought'ft  not  to  let  thy  horfe  wear 
a  cloak,  when  honefter  men  than  thou  go  in  their  hofe 
and  doublets. 

Dick.  And  work  in  their  fhirt  too  5  as  my  felf,  for  ex- 
ample, that  am  a  butcher. 

Say.  You  men  of  Kent, 

Dick.  What  fay  you  of  Kent  ? 

Say.  Nothing  but  this :  5Tis  bona  terra,  mala  gem. 

Cade.  Away  with  him,  away  with  him,  he  fpeaks  latine, 

Say.  Hear  me  but  fpeak,  and  bear  me  where  you  will. 
Kent,  in  the  Commentaries  Ctefar  writ, 
Is  term'd  the  civil'ft  Place  of  all  this  Ifle  ; 
Sweet  is  the  country,  becaufe  full  of  riches, 
The  People  liberal,  valiant,  active,  wealthy, 
Which  makes  me  hope  thou  art  not  void  of  pity. 
I  fold  not  Maine  -,  I  loft  not  Normandy  ; 
Yet,  to  recover  them,  would  lofe  my  life  : 
Juftice  with  favour  have  I  always  done, 
Prayers  and  tears  have  mov'd  me,  gifts  could  never  ; 
When  have  I  ought  exacted  at  your  hands, 
Kent  to  maintain,  the  King,  the  Realm  and  you  ? 
Large  gifts  have  I  beftow'd  on  learned  Clerks, 
Becaufe  my  Book  preferr'd  me  to  the  King  : 
And  feeing,  Ignorance  is  the  curfe  of  God, 
Knowledge  the  wing  wherewith  we  fly  to  heav'n, 
Unlefs  you  be  poffeft  with  dev'lifh.  fpirits, 
Ye  cannot  but  forbear  to  murther  me: 
This  tongue  hath  parlied  unto  foreign  Kings 
For  your  behoof. 

Cade.  Tut,  when  ftruck'ft  thou  one  blow  in  the  field  ? 

Say.  Great  men  have  reaching  hands ;  oft  have  I  ftruc^. 
Thofe  that  I  never  faw,  and  ftruck  them  dead. 

George, 


King  Henry  VI.  279 

George.  O  monftrous  coward  !    what,  to  come  behind 
folks  ? 

Say.  Thefe  cheeks  are  pale    with  watching  for  your 
Good. 

Cade.  Give  him  a  box  o'th'  ear,    and  that  will  make 
'em  red  again. 

Say.  Long  fitting  to  determine  poor  mens  Caufes 
Hath  made  me  full  of  ficknefs  and  difeafes. 

Cade.  Ye  fhall  have  a  hempen  caudle  then,  and  the 
help  of  a  hatchet. 

Dick.  Why  doft  thou  quiver,    man  ? 

Say.  The  palfie,  and  not  fear,  provokes  me. 

Cade.  Nay,  he  nods  at  us,  as  who  fhould  fay,  I'll  be 
even  with  you.  I'll  fee,  if  his  head  will  ftand  Headier  on 
a  pole  or  no  :  take  him  away,   and  behead  him. 

Say.  Tell  me,  wherein  have  I  offended  moft  ? 
Have  I  affected  wealth  or  honour  ?  fpeak. 
Are  my  chefts  fill'd  up  with  extorted  gold  ? 
Is  my  apparel  fumptuous  to  behold  ? 
Whom  have  I  injur'd,  that  ye  feek  my  death  ? 
Thefe  hands  are  free  from  guiklefs  blood-fhedding  ; 
This  breaft  from  harb'ring  foul  deceitful  thoughts. 
O,  let  me  live  U 

Cade.  I  feel  remorfe  in  my  felf  with  his  words ;  but  I'll 
bridle  it  ;  he  fhall  die,  an  it  be  but  for  pleading  fo  well 
for  his  life.  Away  with  him,  he  has  a  Familiar  under 
his  tongue,  he  fpeaks  not  o'  God's  name.  Go,  take  him 
away,  I  fay,  and  ftrike  off  his  head  prefently  ;  and  then 
break  into  his  fon-in-law's  houfe,  Sir  James  Cromer,  and 
ftrike  off  his  head,  and  bring  them  Both  upon  two  poles 
hither. 

All.  It  (hall  be  done. 

Say.  Ah,  Country-men,  if  when  you  make  your  pray  Vs, 
God  fhould  be  fo  obdurate  as  your  felves, 
How  would  it  fare  with  your  departed  fouls  ? 
And  therefore  yet  relent,  and  favemy  life. 

Cade.  Away  with  him,  and  do  as  I  command  ye  : 
the  proudeft  Peer  of  the  Realm  fhall  not  wear  a  head  on 
his  moulders,  unlefs  he  pay  me  tribute  ;  there  fhall  not 
a  maid  be  married,    but  fhe  fhall  pay  me  her  maiden- 

S  4  head 


280  The  Second  Part  of 

head  ere  they  have  it ;  men  fhall  hold  of  me  in  Capita 
And  we  charge  and  command,  that  their  wives  be  as  free 
as  heart  can  wifh,  or  tongue  can  tell. 

Dick.  My  lord,  when  fhall  we  go  to  Cheapfide,  and 
take  up  commodities  upon  our  bills  P 

Cade.  Marry,  prefently. 

All.  O  brave  ! 

Enter  one  with  the  heads. 

Cade.  But  is  not  this  braver  ?  Let  them  kifs  one  ano- 
ther ;  for  they  lov'd  well  when  they  were  alive  :  Now 
part  them  again,  left  they  confult  about  the  giving  up 
of  ibme  more  towns  in  France.  Soldiers,  defer  the  fpoil 
of  the  City  until  night ;  for  with  thefe  borne  before  us, 
inftead  of  maces,  will  we  ride  through  the  ftreets,  and 
at  every  corner  have  them  kifs.     Away.  [Exeunt, 

SCENE  changes  to  Southwark. 

Alarum?    and  Retreat.    Enter  again  Cade,   and  all  his 

Rabblement. 

Cade.  "11?  Fijh-ftreet,   down  St.  Magnus  Corner,  kill 
IJ,  and  knock  down  *,  throw  them  into  Thames. 

[A  Parley  founded. 
"What  noife  is  this  I  hear  ? 
Dare  any  be  fo  bold  to  found  retreat  or  parley, 
When  I  command  them  kill  ? 

Enter  Buckingham  and  old  Clifford,  attended. 

Buck.  Ay,  here  they  be  that  dare  and  will  difturb  thee: 
Know,  Cade?  we  come  AmbafTadors  from  the  King 
Unto  the  Commons,  whom  thou  haft  mif-led  ; 
And  here  pronounce  free  pardon  to  them  All, 
That  will  forfake  thee,  and  go  home  in  peace. 

Clif.  What  fay  ye,  Country-men,  will  ye  relent, 
And  yield  to  mercy,  whilft  'tis  offer'd  you, 

Or 


King  Henry  VI.  i8f 

Or  let  a  rabble  lead  you  to  your  deaths  ? 
Who  loves  the  King,  and  will  embrace  his  Pardon, 
Fling  up  his  cap,  and  fay,  Godfave  his  Majefty! 
Who  hateth  him,  and  honours  not  his  father, 
Henry  the  fifth,  that  made  all  France  to  quake, 
Shake  he  his  weapon  at  us,  and  pafs  by. 

AIL  God  fave  the  King !  God  fave  the  King  ! 
Cade.  What,  Buckingham  and  Clifford,  are  ye  fb  brave  ? 
and  you,  bafe  peafants,  do  ye  believe  'em  ?  will  you  needs 
be  hang'd  with  your  pardons  about  your  necks?  hath  my 
fword  therefore  broke  through  London  gates,  that  you 
ihould  leave  meat  the  White-hart  in  Southwark  ?  I  thought, 
you  would  never  have  given  out  thefe  arms,  till  you  had 
recovered  your  ancient  Freedom :  but  you  are  all  recreants 
and  daftards,  and  delight  to  live  in  flavery  to  the  Nobility. 
Let  them  break  your  backs  with  burthens,   take  your 

houfes  over  your  heads,  ravifli  your  wives  and  daughters 

before  your  faces.    For  me,   I  will  make  fhift  for  one, 

and  fo  God's  curfe  light  upon  you  all  ! 
AIL  We'll  follow  Cade,  we'll  follow  Cade. 
Clif.  Is  Cade  the  fon  of  Henry  the  fifth, 

That  thus  you  do  exclaim,  you'll  go  with  him  ? 

Will  he  conduct  you  through  the  heart  of  France^ 

And  make  the  meaneft  of  you  Earls  and  Dukes  ? 

Alas,  he  hath  no  home,  no  place  to  fly  to : 

Nor  knows  he  how  to  live,  but  by  the  fpoil  ; 

Unlefs  by  robbing  of  your  friends  and  us. 

Were't  not  a  (hame,  that,  whilft  you  live  at  jar, 

The  fearful  French,  whom  you  late  vanquifhed, 

Should  make  a  ftart  o'er  feas,  and  vanquifh  you  ? 

Methinks,  already  in  this  civil  broil 

I  fee  them  lording  it  in  London  ftreets, 

Crying,  Villageois !   unto  all  they  meet. 

Better,  ten  thoufand  bafe- born  Cades  mifcarry  ; 

Than  you  mould  ftoop  unto  a  Frenchman's  mercy. 

To  France,  to  France,  and  get  what  you  have  loft  y 

Spare  England,  for  it  is  your  native  Coaft. 

Henry  hath  rnony,  you  are  ftrong  and  manly  : 

God  on  our  fide3  doubt  not  of  victory. 

All 


a  8  i  uhe  Second  T art  of 

All  A  Clifford!  a  Clifford  I  we'll  follow  the  King  and 
Clifford. 

Cade.  Was  ever  feather  fo  lightly  blown  to  and  fro,  as 
this  multitude  ?  the  name  of  Henry  the  fifth  hales  them 
to  an  hundred  mifchiefs,  and  makes  them  leave  me  dcfo- 
late.  I  fee  them  lay  their  heads  together  to  furprize  me. 
My  fword  make  way  for  me,  for  here  is  no  Haying  ;  in 
defpight  of  the  devils  and  hell,  have  through  the  very 
midft  of  you  ;  and  heavens  and  honour  be  witnefs,  that 
no  want  of  refolution  in  me,  but  only  my  followers  bafe 
and  ignominious  treafons  make  me  betake  me  to  my 
heels.  [Exit. 

Buck.  What,  is  he  fled  ?  go  fome,  and  follow  him. 
And  he5  that  brings  his  head  unto  the  King, 
Shall  have  a  thoufand  crowns  for  his  reward. 

[Exeunt  fome  of  them, 
Follow  me,  foldiers  ;  we'll  devife  a  mean 
To  reconcile  you  All  unto  the  King.  [Exeunt  omnes. 

SCENE,  the  Palace  at  Killingworth. 

Sound  trumpets.    Enter,  King  Henry,  §>ueen  Margaret,  and 
Somerfet  on  the  Terras. 

K.  Henry.  \T[J  AS   ever  King  that  joy'd  an  earthly 

V  V  throne, 

And  could  command  no  more  content  than  I  ? 
No  fooner  was  I  crept  out  of  my  cradle. 
But  I  was  made  a  King  at  nine  months  old: 
Was  never  Subject  long'd  to  be  a  King, 
As  I  do  long  and  wifh  to  be  a  Subject. 

Enter  Buckingham  and  Clifford. 

Buck.  Health,  and  glad  tidings  to  your  Majefty  ! 
K.  Henry.  Why,    Buckingham,    is  the  traitor  Cade  fur^ 
priz'd  ? 
Or  is  he  but  retir'd  to  make  him  flxong? 

Enter 


King  Henri  Yt  283 

Enter  multitudes  with  halters  about  their  necks. 

Clif.  He's  fled,  my  lord,  and  all  his  pow'rs  do  yield  ; 
And  humbly  thus  with  halters  on  their  necks 
Expeci  your  Highnefs'  doom  of  life  or  death. 

K.  Henry.  Then,  heav'n,  fet  ope  thy  everlafting  gates, 
To  entertain  my  vows  of  thanks  and  praife. 
Soldiers,  this  day  have  you  redeem'df  our  lives, 
And  fhew'd  how  well  you  love  yourFf  ince  and  Country : 
Continue  ftill  in  this  fo  good  a  mind, 
And  Henry,  though  he  be  unfortunate, 
Aflure  your  felves,  will  never  be  unkind  : 
And  fo  with  thanks,  and  Pardon  to  you  all, 
I  do  difmifs  you  to  your  feveral  countries. 

All  God  fave  the  King !  God  fave  the  King! 

Enter  Mejfenger. 

Mef.  Pleafe  it  your  Grace  to  be  advertifed, 
The  Duke  ofTork  is  newly  come  from  Ireland-, 
And  with  a  puiflfant  and  mighty  pow'r 
Of  Gallow-glafTes  and  flout  Kernes, 
Is  marching  hitherward  in  proud  array  : 
And  dill  proclaimeth  as  he  comes  along, 
His  Arms  are  only  to  remove  from  thee 
The  Duke  of  Somerfet,  whom  he  terms  a  traitor. 

K.  Henry.  Thus  Hands  my  ftate  'twixt  Cade  and  Tork 
diftreft, 
Like  to  a  fhip,  that,  having  'fcap'd  a  tempeft, 
Is  ftraitway  calm'd  and  boarded  with  a  pirate.  (19) 

(19)  Is  ftraightwoay  claim'd,  and  boarded  nvitb  a  pirate."]  I  doubt  not 
but  my  Readers  will  agree,  that  I  have  reftor'd  to  the  Text  its  true  Read- 
ing. After  the  violent  Working  of  a  Tempeft,  the  Sea  is,  for  the  molt 
part,  totally  becalm V.  Befides,  with  Allufion  to  the  King's  Affairs,  the 
Tempeft  of  Cades  Rebellion  was  juft  blown  over ;  the  State  was  in  a  Calm, 
by  that  Infurrection  being  quieted  :  and  immediately  Tork,  like  an  ufurp~ 
ing  Pirate,  comes  to  feize  the  Veftel  of  Government.  And  again,  which 
heightens  the  Juftnefs  of  the  Metaphor,  a  Calm  is  the  moft  ufual  Occafion 
of  that  Misfortune  of  being  taken  by  Pirates;  which,  by  theUfeofthe 
Sails,  they  might  otherwife  efcape.  The  Oldeft  folio  Edition  led  me  to 
this  Emendation,  where  we  find  it  ■  Is  Jirait  ivay  calme  :  — — and 

the  3d  Fol.  ImprefTion,  as  I  have  obferv'd  fmce,  anticipates  my  Correc- 
tion.   wr>  rULds  cttutn?^. 

j  But 


2  84  The  Second  Tart  of 

But  now  is  Cade  driv'n  back,  his  men  dilpers'd  ; 
And  now  is  Tork  in  arms  to  fecond  him. 
I  pray  thee,  Buckingham,  go  and  meet  with  him, 
And  ask  him  what's  the  reafon  of  thefe  arms: 
Tell  him,  I'll  fend  Duke  Edmund  to  the  Tower  i 
And,  Somerfet,  we  will  commit  thee  thither, 
Until  his  army  be  difmift  from  him. 

Som.  My  lord,  • 
Fll  yield  my  felf  tQ  prifon  willingly, 
Or  unto  death,  to  do  my  country  good. 

K.  Henry.  In  any  cafe  be  not  too  rough  in  ($rms, 
"For  he  is  fierce  and  cannot  brook  hard  language. 

Buck.  I  will,  my  lord  ;  and  doubt  not  fo  to  deal, 
As  all  things  fhall  redound  unto  your  Good.         [better, 

K.  Henry.  Come,  wife,    let's  in,  and  learn  to  govern 
For  yet  may  England  curfe  my  wretched  Reign.   [Exeunt. 

i 

SCENE,  a  Garden  in  Kent. 

Enter  Jack  Cade. 

Cade.  "IT! IE  on  ambitions  ;  fie  on  my  felf,  that  have  a 
X?  fword,  and  yet  am  ready  to  famifh.  Thefe 
five  days  have  I  hid  me  in  thefe  woods  and  durfl:  not 
peep  out,  for  all  the  country  is  laid  for  me  :  but  now 
am  I  fo  hungry,  that  if  I  might  have  a  leafe  of  my  life 
for  a  thoufand  years,  I  could  flay  no  longer.  Where- 
fore on  a  brick-wall  have  I  climb'd  into  this  garden  to  fee 
if  I  can  eat  grafs,  or  pick  a  fallet  another  while,  which  is 
not  amifs  to  cool  a  man's  ftomach  this  hot  weather ;  and, 
I  think,  this  word  fallet  was  born  to  do  me  good  ;  for 
many  a  time  but  for  a^fallet  my  brain-pan  had  been  cleft- 
with  a  brown  bill ;  and  many  a  time  when  I  have  been 
dry,  and  bravely  marching,  it  hath  ferv*d  me  inftead  of  a 
quart-potto  drink  in  j  and  now  the  word  fallet  mull  fervc 
me  to  feed  on. 

Enter  Iden. 

lden.  Lord,  who  would  live  turmoiled  in  the  Court, 
And  may  enjoy  fuch  quiet  Walks  as  thefe? 

This 


King  Henry  VI.  *Bj 

This  fmall  inheritance,   my  father  left  me, 
Contenteth  me,  and's  worth  a  monarchy. 
I  feek  not  to  wax  Great  by  other's  waining ; 
Or  gather  wealth,  I  care  not  with  what  envy ; 
Sufficeth,  That  I  have  maintains  my  ftate  ; 
And  fends  the  poor  well  plcafed  from  my  gate. 

Cade.  Here's  the  lord  of  the  foil  come  to  feize  me  for 
a  ftray,  for  entring  his  fee-fimple  without  leave.  Ah 
villain,  thou  wilt  betray  me  and  get  a  thoufand  crowns 
of  the  King  by  carrying  my  head  to  him  ;  but  I'll  make 
thee  eat  iron  like  an  oftridge,  and  fwallowmy  fwordKkea 
great  pin  ere  thou  and  I  part. 

Iden.  Why,  rude  companion,  whatfoe'er  thou  be, 
I  know  thee  not,  why  then  mould  I  betray  thee  ? 
Is't  not  enough  to  break  into  my  garden, 
And,  like  a  thief,  to  come  to  rob  my  grounds, 
Climbing  my  walls  in  fpight  of  me  the  owner, 
But  thou  wilt  brave  me  with  thefe  fawcy  terms  ? 

Cade.  Brave  thee  ?  by  the  beft  blood  that  ever  was 
broach'd,  and  beard  thee  too.  Look  on  me  well,  I  have 
eat  no  meat  thefe  five  days,  yet  come  thou  and  thy  five 
men,  and  if  I  do  not  leave  you  as  dead  as  a  door  nail,  I 
pray  God,  I  may  never  eat  grafs  more. 

Iden.  Nay,  it  (hall  ne'er  be  faid  while  England  Hands, 
That  Alexander  Iden  an  Efquire  of  Kent, 
Took  odds  to  combat  a  poor  famifh'd  man. 
Oppofe  thy  ftedfaft  gazing  eyes  to  mine, 
See,  if  thou  canft  out-face  me  with  thy  looks  : 
Set  limb  to  limb,  and  thou  art  far  the  lefler : 
Thy  hand  is  but  a  finger  to  my  fift, 
Thy  leg  a  flick  compared  with  this  truncheon. 
My  foot  fhall  fight  with  all  the  ftrength  thou  haft  ; 
And  if  mine  arm  be  heaved  in  the  air, 
Thy  grave  is  digg'd  already  in  the  earth : 
As  for  more  words,  whofe  greatnefs  anfwers  words,1 
Let  this  my  fword  report  what  fpeech  forbears. 

Cade.  By  my  valour,  the  moil  complete  champion 
that  ever  I  heard.  Steel,  if  thou  turn  thine  edge,  or 
cut  not  out  the  burly-bon'd  Clown  in  chines  of  beef  ere 

thou 


i86  2%*  Second  Tart  of 

thou  fleep  in  thy  fheath,  I  befeech  Jove  on  my  knee3 
thou  may'ft  be  turned  into  hobnails.  ^He^e  tbey  fight. 

O  I  am  (lain !  famine,  and  no  other,  hath  (lain  me  ;  Jet 
ten  thoufand  devils  comeagainft  me,  and  give  me  but  the 
ten  meals  I  have  loft,  and  I'd  defy  them  all.  Wither 
garden,  and  be  henceforth  a  burying-place  to  all  that  do 
dwell  in  this  houfe  ;  becaufe  the  unconquer'd  foul  of  Cade 
is  fled. 

Iden.  Is't  Cade  that  I  have  (lain,  that  monftrous  traitor  ? 
Sword,  I  will  hallow  thee  for  this  thy  deed, 
And  hang  thee  o'er  my  tomb,  when  I  am  dead. 
Ne'er  fhall  this  blood  be  wiped  from  thy  point, 
But  thou  fhalt  wear  it  as  a  herald's  coat, 
T'  emblaze  the  honour  which  thy  mafter  got. 

Cade.  Iderij  farewel,  and  be  proud  of  thy  victory :  tell 
Kent  from  me,  fhe  hath  loft  her  beft  man  ;  and  exhort  all 
the  world  to  be  cowards  -,  for  I,  that  never  fear'd  any, 
am  vanquifhed  by  famine,  not  by  valour.  [Dies. 

Iden.  Plow  much  thou  wrong'ft  me,    heaven  be  my 
judge ! 
Die  damned  wretch,  the  Curfe  of  her  that  bare  thee: 
And  as  I  thruft  thy  body  in  with  my  fword, 
So  wifh  I,  I  might  thruft  thy  foul  to  hell. 
Hence  will  I  drag  thee  headlong  by  the  heels 
Unto  a  dunghill,  which  fhall  be  thy  grave  ; 
And  there  cut  off  thy  moft  ungracious  head, 
Which  I  will  bear  in  triumph  to  the  King, 
Leaving  thy  trunk  for  crows  to  feed  upon.  [Exit. 


ACT 


King  Henr y  VL  287 


A  C  T  'V.    x 

SCENE,  in  the  folds  near  London* 

Enter  York,  and  his  army  of  Irifli,  with  drum  and  colours. 

York. 

ROM  Ireland  thus  comes  Tork  to  claim  his 
Right, 
And  pluck  the  Crown  from  feeble  Henry's 

head. 
Ring,   bells,   aloud  %    burn,  bonfires,  clear 
and  bright, 
To  entertain  great  England's  lawful  King  ! 
Ah  Majefty !  who  would  not  buy  thee  dear  ? 
Let  them  obey,  that  know  not  how  to  rule. 
This  hand  was  made  to  handle  naught  but  gold. 
I  cannot  give  due  action  to  my  words, 
Except  a  fword,  or  fcepter,  ballance  it. 
A  fcepter  (hall  it  have,  have  I  a  foul, 
On  which  I'll  tofs  the  Flower-de-luce  of  France, 

Enter  Buckingham. 

Whom  have  we  here?  Buckingham  to  difturb  me? 
The  King  hath  fent  him,  fure :  I  muft  diffemble. 

Buck.  /Tork,  if  thou  meaneft  well,  I  greet  thee  well. 

Tork.  Humphry  of  Buckingham^  I  accept  thy  greeting. 
Art  thou  a  meifenger,  or  come  of  pleafure  ? 

Buck.  A  meflenger  from  Henry  our  dread  Liege, 
To  know  the  reafon  of  thefe  Arms  in  Peace? 
Or  why,  thou,  being  a  Subjedt  as  I  am, 
Againft  thy  oath  and  true  allegiance  fworn, 

Should'ft 


2U  The  Second  Tart  of 

Should'ft  raife  fo  great  a  power  without  his  leave  ? 
Or  dare  to  bring  thy  force  fo  near  the  Court  ? 

York.  Scarce  can  I  fpeak,  my  choler  is  fo  great."1 
Oh,  I  could  hew  up  rocks  and  fight  with  flint, 
I  am  fo  angry  at  thefe  abjedt  terms. 
And  now,  like  Ajax  Telamonius, 
On  ftieep  or  oxen  could  I  fpend  my  fury.  -|  ^>[J/ide. 

I  am  far  better  born  than  is  the  King :  | 

More  like  a  King,  more  kingly  in  my  thoughts.  j 
But  I  muft  make  fair  weather  yet  a  while, 
Till  Henry  be  more  weak  and  I  more  ftrong. 
O  Buckingham !  I  pr'ythee,  pardon  me, 
That  I  have  giv'n  no  anfwer  all  this  while ; 
My  mind  was  troubled  with  deep  melancholy. 
The  caufe,  why  I  have  brought  this  army  hither, 
Is  to  remove  proud  Somerfet  from  the  King, 
Seditious  to  his  Grace  and  to  the  State. 

Buck.  That  is  too  much  prefumption  on  thy  part ; 
But  if  thy  arms  be  to  no  other  end, 
The  King  hath  yielded  unto  thy  demand : 
The  Duke  of  Somerfet  is  in  the  'Tower. 

York.  Upon  thine  Honour  is  he  prifoner  ? 

Buck.  Upon  mine  Honour,  he  is  prifoner. 

York.  Then,  Buckingham,  I  do  difmifs  my  Powers. 
Soldiers,  I  thank  you  all  •,  difperfe  your  felves  j 
Meet  me  to  morrow  in  St.  George's  field, 
You  mall  have  Pay  and  ev'ry  thing  you  wilh. 
And  let  my  Soveraign,  virtuous  Henry, 
Command  my  eldeft  fon  •,  nay,  all  my  fons, 
As  pledges  of  my  fealty  and  love, 
I'll  fend  them  all  as  willing  as  I  live  ; 
Lands,  goods,  horfe,  armour,  any  thing  I  have 
Is  his  to  ufe,  fo  Somerfet  may  die. 

Buck.  York,  I  commend  this  kind  fubmiflion, 
We  twain  will  go  into  his  Highnefs*  tent.  SJLxeunL 


SCENE 


King  Hjenry  VI.  289 

SCENE  changes  to  the  King's  Pavilion. 

Enter  King  Henry,  and  Attendants,    Re-enter  Buckingham, 

and  York,  attended, 

K.  Henry. ,T3  Uckingham^  doth  York  intend  no  Harm  to  us, 
XJ  That  thus  he  marcheth  with  thee  arm  in 
York,  In  all  fubmiflion  and  humility,  [arm  ? 

York  doth  prefent  himfelf  unto  your  Highnefs. 

K.  Henry,    Then  what  intend  thefe  forces  thou  doft 

bring  ? 
York,  To  heave  the  traitor  Somerfet  from  hence, 
And  fight  againft  that  monftrous  Rebel  Cade  j 
Whom,  fince,  1  heard  to  be  difcomflted. 

Enter  Iden  with  Cade'i  head. 

Iden.  If  one  fo  rude,  and  of  fo  mean  condition, 
May  pafs  into  the  prefence  of  a  King, 
Lo,  I  prefent  your  Grace  a  traitor's  head ; 
The  head  of  Cade,  whom  I  in  Combat  (lew. 

K.  Henry,  The  head  of  Cade  ?    great  God !  how  juft 
art  thou  ? 
O,  let  me  view  his  vifage  being  dead, 
That,  living,  wrought  me  fuch  exceeding  trouble. 
Tell  me,  my  friend  •,  art  thou  the  man,  that  flew  him  ? 

Iden.  I  was,  an*t  like  your  Majefty. 

K.  Henry,  How  art  thou  call'd  ?  and  what  is  thy  de~ 
gree? 

Iden,  Alexander  Iden^  that's  my  name, 
A  poor  Efquire  of  Kent,  that  loves  the  King. 

Buck,  So  pleafe  it  you,  my  lord,  'twere  not  amifs 
He  were  created  Knight  for  his  good  fervice. 

K.  Henry,  Iden,  kneel  down  ;  rife  up  a  Knight : 
We  give  thee  for  reward  a  thoufand  marks, 
And  will,  that  thou  henceforth  attend  on  us. 

Iden.  May  Iden  live  to  merit  fuch  a  bounty, 
And  never  live  but  true  unto  his  Liege ! 

Vol.  IV,  T  Enter 


ipo  The  Second  Tart  of 

Enter  Queen  Margaret  and  Somerfet. 

K.  Henry.    See,  Buckingham^    Somerfet  comes  with  the 
Queen ; 
Go,  bid  her  hide  him  •quickly  from  the  Duke. 

Q^Mar.  For  thoufand  Turks  he  (hall  not  rude  his  head, 
But  boldly  (land  and  front  him  to  his  face. 

York.  How  now  ?  is  Somerfet  at  liberty  ? 
Then,  York,  unloofe  thy  long  imprifon'd  thoughts, 
And  let  thy  tongue  be  equal  with  thy  heart. 
Shall  I  endure  the  fight  of  Somerfet  ?  . 
Falfe  King  !  why  halt  thou  broken  faith  with  me, 
Knowing  how  hardly  I  can  brook  abufe  ? 
King  did  I  call  thee?  no,  thou  art  no  King: 
Not  fit  to  govern  and  rule  multitudes, 
Which  durit  not,  no,  nor  canlt  not  rule  a  traitor. 
That  head  of  thine  doth  not  become  a  Crown  : 
Thy  hand  is  made  to  grafp  a  palmer's  ftafr, 
And  not  to  grace  an  awful  princely  fcepter. 
That  gold  mull  round  engirt  thefe  brows  of  mine, 
Whofe  fmile  and  frown  (like  to  Achilles'  fpear) 
Is  able  with  the  change  to  kill  and  cure. 
Here  is  a  hand  to  hold  a  fcepter  up, 
And  with  the  fame  to  act  controlling  laws : 
Give  place ;  by  heaven,  thou  (halt  rule  no  more 
O'er  him;  whom  heav'n  created  for  thy  ruler. 

Som.  O  monftrous  traitor  !  I  arreft  thee,  York, 
Of  capital  treafon  'gainfl  the  King  and  Crown  *, 
Obey,  audacious  traitor,  kneel  for  grace. 

York.  Sirrah,  call  in  my  Sons  to  be  my  Bail ;  (20) 
Would'ft  have  me  kneel  ?  Firft,  let  me  ask  of  thefe, 
If  they  can  brook  I  bow  a  knee  to  man. 
I  know,  ere  they  will  let  me  go  to  Ward, 
They'll  pawn  their  fvvords  for  my  enfranchifement. 

(20)  Would]/}  ba<ve  me  kneel?  Firft,  let  me  ask  of  thefe. 
If  they  can  brook  I  bcmj  a  knee  to  man* 

Sirrai,  call  in  my  Sous  to  be  my  bail.']  As  thefe  Lines  have  hitherto 
ltood,  I  think  the  Senfe  perplex'd  and  obfcure.  I  have  ventured  to 
trampofe  them,  and  make  a  flight  Alteration,  by  the  Advice  of  my 
ingenious  Friend  Mr.  Warbmton. 

Q.  Mar. 


King  Henry  VL  291 

.    Q^Mar.  Call  hither  Clifford,  bid  him  come  amain, 
To  fay,  if  that  the  baftard  boys  of  York 
Shall  be  the  Surety  for  their  traitor  father. 

York.  O  blood -befpotted  Neapolitan, 
Out-caft  of  Naples,  England's  bloody  fcourge  ! 
The  Sons  of  York,  thy  Betters  in  their  Birth, 
Shall  be  their  father's  bail,  and  bale  to  thofe  (21) 
That  for  my  furety  will  refufe  the  boys. 

Enter  Edward  and  Richard. 
See,  where  they  come  -,  I'll  warrant,  they'll  make  it  good, 

Enter  Clifford. 

Q^Mar.  And  here  comes  Clifford,  to  deny  their  bail. 

Clif.  Health  and  all  Happinefs  to  my  lord  the  King  ! 

York.    I  thank   thee,  Clifford ;    fay,    what  news  with 
thee? 
Nay,  do  not  fright  us  with  an  angry  look : 
We  are  thy  Soveraign,  Clifford,  kneel  again  ; 
For  thy  miftaking  fo,  we  pardon  thee. 

Clif.  This  is  my  King,  York,  I  do  not  miftake ; 
But  thou  miflak'ft  me  much,  to  think  I  do  •, 
To  Bedlam  with  him,  is  the  man  grown  mad? 

K.  Henry.  Ay,    Clifford,  a  Bedlam  and  ambitious  hu~ 
Makes  him  oppofe  himfelf  againft  his  King.  [mour 

Clif.  He  is  a  traitor,  let  him  to  the  Tower, 
And  crop  away  that  factious  pate  of  his. 

Q^Mar.  He  is  arretted,  but  will  not  obey  : 
His  fons,  he  fays,  mall  give  their  words  for  him. 

(2 1 )  Shall  be  their  Fathers  Bail,  and  Bane  to  thofe,"]  Confidering,  how 
our  Author  loves  to  play  on  Words  fimilar  in  their  Sound,  but  oppofite  in 
their  Signification,  I  make  no  Doubt  but  I  have  here  reflor'd  his  genuine 
Reading.  Bale,  (from  whence  our  common  Adjective,  baleful)  figni- 
fies,  Detriment,  Ruin,  Misfortune,  &c.  We  meet  with  this  Word  again 
in  Locrine,  a  Play  afcrib'd.  to  our  Author,  and  printed  above  20  years 
before  his  Death. 

Tea,  <vjith  thefe  Eyes  thou  hafil  feen  her,   and  therefore  pull  them  out,  for  they 
nvill  vjork  thy  Bale. 

But  I  ihall  have  Occalion  to  enlarge  my  Authorities  for  its  Ufage,  when 
I  come  to  Coriolanus. 

T  2  York. 


291  The  Second  Tart  of 

Tork.  Will  you  not,  fons? 

E.  Plan.  Ay,  noble  father,  if  our  words  will  ferve. 

R.  Plan.  And  if  words  will  not,  then  our  weapons  (half. 

Clif.  Why,  what  a  brood  of  traitors  have  we  here  ? 

Tork.  Look  in  a  glafs,  and  call  thy  image  fo. 
I  am  thy  King,  and  thou  a  falfe-heart  traitor  -, 
Call  hither  to  the  ftake  my  two  brave  bears, 
That  with  the  very  fhaking  of  their  chains 
They  may  aftonifh  thefe  fell-lurking  curs : 
Bid  Salisbury  and  Warwick  come  to  me. 

Enter  the  Earl  of  Warwick  and  Salisbury. 

Clif.    Are  thefe  thy  bears  ?    we'll   bait   thy  bears  to 
death, 
And  manacle  the  bearward  in  their  chains, 
If  thou  dar'ft  bring  them  to  the  baiting  place. 

R.  Plan.  Oft  have  I  feen  a  hot  o'er-weening  cur 
Run  back  and  bite,  becaufe  he  was  with-held  ; 
Who,  being  fuffer'd  with  the  bear's  fell  paw, 
Hath  clapt  his  tail  betwixt  his  legs  and  cry'd  : 
And  fuch  a  piece  of  fervice  will  you  do, 
If  you  oppofe  your  felves  to  match  lord  Warwick. 

Clif.  Hence,  heap  of  wrath,  foul  indigefted  lump, 
As  crooked  in  thy  manners,  as  thy  fhape. 

Tork.  Nay,  we  (hall  heat  you  thorowly  anon. 

Clif.   Take  heed,   left  by  your  heat  you  burn  your 
felves. 

K.  Henry.    Why,  Warwick,   hath  thy  knee  forgot  to 
bow? 
Old  Salisbury,  fhame  to  thy  filver  hair, 
Thou  mad  mif-leader  of  thy  brain-fick  fon, 
What,  wilt  thou  on  thy  death-bed  play  the  ruffian, 
And  feek  for  forrow  with  thy  fpeclacles  ? 
Oh,  where  is  faith  ?  oh,  where  is  loyalty  ? 
If  it  be  banifh'd  from  the  frofty  head, 
Where  fhall  it  find  a  harbour  in  the  earth  ? 
Wilt  thou  go  dig  a  grave  to  find  out  war, 
And  fliame  thine  honourable  age  "with  blood? 
Why  art  thou  old,  and  want'ft  experience  ? 

Or  wherefore  dolt  abufc  it,  if  thou  hall  it  ? 

For 


King  Henry  VL  29! 

For  fhame,  in  duty  bend  thy  knee  to  me, 
That  bows  unto  the  grave  with  mickle  age. 

Sal.  My  lord,  I  have  confider'd  with  my  felf 
The  Title  of  this  moll  renowned  Duke  ; 
And  in  my  confcience  do  repute  his  Grace 
The  rightful  heir  to  England's  royal  Seat.    . 

K.  Henry.  Haft  thou  not  fworn  allegiance  unto  me? 

Sal.  I  have. 

K.  Henry.   Canft  thou  difpenfe  with  heav'n  for  fuch 
an  oath  ? 

Sal.  It  is  great  fin  to  fwear  unto  a  fin  * 
But  greater  fin  to  keep  a  finful  oath  : 
Who  can  be  bound  by  any  folemn  vow  < 
To  do  a  murd'rous  deed,  to  rob  a  man, 
To  force  a  fpotlefs  virgin's  chaftity, 
To  reave  the  orphan  of  his  patrimony, 
To  wring  the  widow  from  her  cuftom'd  right, 
And  have  no  other  reafon  for  his  wrong, 
But  that  he  was  bound  by  a  folemn  oath  ? 

Q^  Mar.  A  fubtle  traitor  needs  no  fophifter. 

K.  Henry.  Call  Buckingham,  and  bid  him  arm  himfelf, 

Tork.  Call  Buckingham  and  all  the  friends  thou  haft, 
I  am  reiblv'd  for  death  or  dignity. 

Old  Clif  The  firft  I  warrant  thee  -,   if  dreams  prove 
true. 

War.  You  were  beft  go  to  bed  and  dream  again, 
To  keep  thee  from  the  tempeft  of  the  field. 

Old  Clif.  I  am  refolv'd  to  bear  a  greater  ftorm 
Than  any  thou  canft  conjure  up  to  day : 
And  that  I'll  write  upon  thy  Burgonet, 
'  Might  I  but  know  thee  by  thy  Houfe's  badge. 

War.  Now  by  my  father's  Badge,  old  Nevil's  Creft, 
The  rampant  bear  chain'd  to  the  ragged  ftafF, 
This  day  I'll  wear  aloft  my  Burgonet, 
(As  on  a  mountain-top  the  cedar  mews, 
That  keeps  his  leaves  in  fpight  of  any  ftorm,) 
Ev'n  to  affright  thee  with  the  view  thereof. 

Old  Clif.  And  from  thy  Burgonet  I'll  rend  thy  bear, 
And  tread  it  under  foot  with  all  contempt, 
Defpight  the  bear-ward,  that  profits  the  bear. 

t  3  r.cuf. 


294  %*he  Second  Tart  of 

Y.  Cllf.  And  fo  to  Arms,  victorious  noble  father, 
To  quell  the  rebels  and  their  complices. 

R.  Plan.  Fie,  charity  for  fhame,   fpeak  not  in  fpight, 
For  you  fhall  fup  with  Jefu  Chrift  to  night.  [tell 

Y,  Clif.  Foul  ftigmatick,    that's  more  than   thou  canft: 

R.  Plan.  If  not  in  heav'n,  you'll  furely  fup  in  hell. 

[Exeunt,  fever  ally. 

SCENE   changes  to  a  Field  of  Battle  at  St, 

Albans. 

Enter  Warwick. 

War.  f~~*  L 1 FFO  R  D  of  Cumberland,  'tis  Warwick  calls  ; 

V-4  And  if  thou  doft  not  hide  thee  from  the  bear, 
(Now  when  the  angry  trumpet  founds  alarum, 
And  dying  mens  cries  do  fill  the  empty  air,) 
Clifford,  I  fay,  come  forth  and  fight  with  me  ; 
Proud  northern  lord,  Clifford  of  Cumberland, 
Warwick  is  hoarfe  with  calling  thee  to  arms. 

Enter  York. 

War.  How  now,  my  noble  lord  ?  what  all  a-foot  ? 

York.  The  deadly-handed  Clifford  flew  my  Steed  : 
But  match  to  match  I  have  encountred  him, 
And  made  a  prey  for  carrion  kites  and  crows 
Ev'n  of  the  bonny  bead  he  lov'd  fo  well. 

Enter  Clifford. 

War,   Of  one  or  both  of  us  the  time  is  come. 

York.  Hold,  Warwick. :  feek  thee  out  fome  other  chace, 
fc>  33i|'.  For  I  my  felf  muft  hunt  this  deer  to  death. 

War.  Then  nobly,  York  ;  'tis  for  a  Crown  thou  fight'ft : 
As  I  intend,  Clifford,  to  thrive  to  day, 
It  grieves  my  foul  to  leave  thee  unaffail'd.         [Exit  War. 

Clif.  What  feeft  thou  in  me,  York?    why  doft  thou 
paufe  ? 

York.  With  thy  brave  Bearing  mould  I  be  in  love, 
But  that  thou  art  fo  faft  mine  enemy. 

Clif 


.* 


King  Henry  VI.  29  j 

Clif  Nor  mould  thy  prowefs  want  praife  and  efteem, 

But  that  'tis  (hewn  ignobly,  and  in  treafon. 

York.  So  let  it  help  me  now  againft  thy  fword, 

As  I  in  Juftice  and  true  Right  exprefs  it. 

Clif.  My  foul  and  body  on  the  action  both  ! 

2 "ork.  A  dreadful  lay,  addrefs  thee  inftantly.         [Fight. 
Clif  La  fin  couronne  les  ceuvres.  [Dies, 

York.  Thus  war  hath  given  thee  peace,  for  thou  art  ftill ; 

Peace  wilh  his  foul,  heav'n,  if  it  be  thy  will!  [Exit, 

Enter  young  Clifford. 

Y,  Clif  Shame  and  confufion  !  all  is  on  the  rout: 
Fear  frames  diforder  ;  and  diforder  wounds, 
Where  it  fhould  guard.     O  war  !  thou  fon  of  hell, 
Whom  angry  heav'ns  do  make  their  minifter, 
Throw  in  the  frozen  bofoms  of  our  part 
Hot  coals  of  vengeance.     Let  no  foldier  fiie. 
He,  that  is  truly  dedicate  to  war, 
Hath  no  felf-love  ;  for  he,  that  loves  himfelf, 
Hath  not  efTentially,  but  by  circumftance, 
The  name  of  valour. — O  let  the  vile  world  end,  (22) 

[Seeing  bis  dead  Father, 
And  the  premifed  flames  of  the  laft  day 
Knit  earth  and  heav'n  together ! 
Now  let  the  general  trumpet  blow  his  blaft, 
Particularities  and  petty  founds 
To  ceafe  !  Waft  thou  ordained,  O  dear  father, 
To  lofe  thy  youth  in  peace,   and  to  atchieve 
The  filver  livery  of  advifed  age; 
And  in  thy  reverence,    and  thy  chair-days,  thus 
To  die  in  ruffian  battle  ?  Even  at  this  fight 
My  heart  is  turn'd  to  flone  \  and  while  'tis  mine, 

(22)  —  —  Oh,  let  the  wile  World  end, 
And  the  premifed  Flames  of  the  laft  day 

Knit  Earth  and  Heav'n  together  /]  i.  e.  Let  the  vile  World  end  now  ; 
and  let  thoie  Flames,  which  are  referv'd  for  its  Deftru&ion  hereafter,  be 
fant  nonjj. — Shakefpeare  is  very  peculiar  in  his  j4dje£li<ves  ;  and  it  is  much 
in  his  Manner  to  ufe  the  Words  borrov/d  from  the  Latine  clofer  to  their 
original  Signification,  than  they  were  vulgarly  ufed  in,  So  here  he  ufes 
pemifedy  in  the  Senfe  of  the  Word  from  which  it  is  derived,  framjfus, 

T  4  It 


1^6  The  Second  <Part  of 

It  fhall  be  ftony.     York  not  our  old  men  fpares : 

No  more  will  I  their  babes  :  Tears  virginal 

Shall  be  to  me  even  as  the  dew  to  fire  \ 

And  Beauty,  that  the  tyrant  oft  reclaims, 

Shall  to  my  flaming  wrath  be  oil  and  flax. 

Henceforth  I  will  not  have  to  do  with  pity. 

Meet  I  an  Infant  of  the  Houfe  of  York, 

Into  as  many  gobbits  will  I  cut  it, 

As  wild  Medea  young  Abfyrtus  did. 

In  cruelty  will  I  feek  out  my  fame. 

Come,  thou  new  ruin  of  old  Clifford's  Houfe : 

As  did  Mneas  old  Anchifes  bear, 

So  bear  I  thee  upon  my  manly  fhoulders  •, 

But  then  Mneas  bare  a  living  load, 

Nothing  lb  heavy  as  thefe  woes  of  mine. 

[Exit,  bearing  off  his  Father. 

Enter  Richard  Plantagenet  ##J  Somerfet,  to  fight. 

R.  Plan.  So,  lye  thou  there  :  [Somerfet  is  kill'd. 

For  underneath  an  ale-houfe  paltry  Sign,  (23) 
The  Caflle  in  St.  Albans,  Somerfet 
Hath  made  the  Wizard  famous  in  his  death  ; 
Sword,  hold  thy  temper;  heart,  be  wrathful  ft  ill : 
Priefts  pray  for  enemies,  but  Princes  kill. 

[Exit  Richard  Plantagenet. 

Fight.     Excurfwns.     Enter  King  Henry,    Queen  Margaret, 
i  and  others. 

Q^_Mar.  Away,  my  lord,  you  are  (low  ;    for  fhame, 
away. 

(23)  For  underneath  an  Alehoufe  paltry  Sign, 
The  Caftle  in  St.  Albans,  Somerfet 
Hath   made  the  Wizard  famous  in  his  Death!\ 

The  Death  of  Somerfet  here  accomplices  that  equivocal  Prediction  given 
by  Jordan,  the  Witch,  concerning  this  Duke  ;   which  we  met  with  at 
the  Clofe  of  the  Firft  j£i  of  this  Play : 
Let  him  Jhun  Caftles ; 

Safer  Jhall  he  be  upon  the  fandy  Plains, 

Than  where  Caftles,  mounted,  Jiand. 
i.e.   the  Repreientation  of  a  Caftle,  mounted  for  a  Sign. 

K.  Henry. 


King  Henry  VI.  197 

K.  Henry.  Can  we  out-run  the  heav'ns !   good  Marg'ret, 

flay. 
Q^Mar.  What  are  you  made  of  ?  you'll  not  fight,  nor 
fly: 
Now  is  it  manhood,  wifdom  and  defence, 
To  give  the  enemy  way,  and  to  fecure  us 
By   what  we  can,   which  can  no  more  but  fly. 

[Alarum  afar  off. 
If  you  be  ta'en,  we  then  fhould  fee  the  bottom 
Of  all  our  fortunes ;  but  if  we  haply  fcape, 
(As  well  we  may,  if  not  through  your  neglecT,) 
We  mall  to  London  get,  where  you  are  lov'd  ; 
And  where  this  breach,  now  in  our  fortunes  made, 
May  readily  be  ftopt. 

Enter  Clifford. 

Clif.  But  that  my  heart's  on  future  mifchieffet, 
1  would  fpeak  blafphemy,  ere  bid  you  fly  ; 
But  fly  you  muft :  incurable  difcomfit 
Reigns  in  the  hearts  of  all  our  prefent  partsf 
Away,  for  your  relief  •,  and  we  will  live 
To  fee  their  day,  and  them  our  fortune  give. 
Away,  my  lord,  away !  [Exeunt. 

Alarum.     Retreat.     Enter  York,  Richard  Plantagenet, 
Warwick,  and  Soldiers^  with  Drum  and  Colours. 

York.  Of  Salisbury ,   who  can  report  of  him  ? 
That  winter  lion,  who  in  rage  forgets 

A.ged  contufions  and  all  brufh  of  time  ;  /  &rvJc.tj 

And,  like  a  Gallant  in  the  brow  of  youth, 
Repairs  him  with  occafion.     This  happy  day 
Is  not  itfelf,  nor  have  we  won  one  foot, 
If  Salisbury  be  loft. 

R.  Plan.  My  noble  father, 
Three  times  to  day  I  holp  him  to  his  horfe, 
Three  times  beftrid  him ;  thrice  I  led  him  off, 
Perfuaded  him  from  any  further  act : 
But  dill,  where  danger  was,  ftill  there  I  met  him  ; 
And,  like  rich  Hangings  in  an  homely  houfe, 

So 


298  The  Second  Tart  of 

So  was  his  Will  in  his  old  feeble  body. 
But  noble  as  he  is,  look,   where  he  come?. 

Enter  Salisbury. 

Sal.  Now,  by  my  fword,  well  haft  thou  fought  to  day  ; 
By  th'  Mafs,  fo  did  we  all.     I  thank  you,  Richard. 
God  knows,  how  long  it  is  I  have  to  live  ; 
And  it  hath  pleas'd  him,   that  three  times  to  day 
You  have  defended  me  from  imminent  death. 
Well,  lords,  we  have  not  got  That  which  we  have  ; 
9Tis  not  enough  our  foes  are  this  time  fled, 
Being  oppofites  of  fuch  repairing  nature. 

York.  I  know,  our  fafety  is  to  follow  them  ; 
For,  a$  I  hear,  the  King  is  fled  to  London, 
ToXall  a  prefent  Court  of  Parliament. 
Let  us  purfue  him,   ere  the  Writs  go  forth. 
What  fays  lord  Warwick,  fhall  we  after  them  ? 

War.  After  them  !  nay,  before  them,  if  we  can. 
Now  by  my  hand,  lords,  'twas  a  glorious  day. 
St.dlban's  battel,  won  by  famous  York, 
Shall  be  eterniz'd  in  all  age  to  come. 
Sound  drum  and  trumpets,  and  to  London  all, 
And  more  fuch  days  as  thefe  to  us  befall.  [Exeunt. 


THE 


JL. Part 'erf  Jm^rTf  VI 


3 


t      2/fO  f<r£l  hum  far toujfvi^f &uL  iofi^tf- 

Mi^&ruJ art  npettJL  unJfLvtrtj  uMl 
trMnaiunt  fam,  A^:  -?^ 

frannL-vi&  — 

-6»+for&  &J?tJ~my  fawt'n-fui^ 


£     2oS  r> 

14  ^tlkSr-  /^V  J  Lift,  O^U-CUy 


ue- 


THE 


THIRD     PART 


O  F 


K.   HENRI  VIth. 


With  the  DEATH  of  the 


DUKE    of  r  0  R  K. 


wt/'jai  'iTi'111  i     ' ,  i.tfa 


MAaHSfiH 


Dramatis  Perfonae. 

KING  Henry  VI. 

Edward,  Son  to  the  King,  and  Trince  of  Wales. 

Duke  of  Somerfet,  -n 

Earl  of  Northumberland,  s 

Earl  of  Oxford,  V.  _     .     »  •         TT       ,    r . 

Earl  of  Exeter,  (Lords  °f  Kl"&  Hen«7  s  &'- 

Earl  of  Weftmorland,       \ 

Lord  Clifford.  ~) 

Earl  of  Richmond,  a  Touth,  afterwards  King  Henry  VII. 

Richard,  Duke  of  York. 

Edward,  Eldeft  Son  to  the  Duke  of  York,  afterwards  King 

Edward  IV. 
George,  Duke  0/ Clarence,  fecond  Son  to  the  Duke  of  York. 
Richard,  Duke  0/Gloucefter,  third  Son  to  the  Duke  of  York, 

afterwards  King  Richard  III. 
Edmund,  Earl  of  Rutland, youngeft  Son  to  the  Duke  0/York. 
Duke  of  Norfolk, 
Mar  qui fs  of  Montague, 
Earl  of  Warwick, 

Earl  of  Salisbury,  yfthe  Duke  of  York's  Tarty. 

Earl  of  Pembroke, 
Lord  Haftings, 
Lord  Stafford,  j 

Sir  John  Mortimer   ?        fe        ^  ^  %e  of  y    k 
Sir  Hugh  Mortimer,!*  J 

Sir  William  Stanly,  afterwards  Earl  of  Derby. 
Lord  Rivers,  Brother  to  the  Lady  Gray. 
Sir  John  Montgomery. 
Lieutenant  of  the  Tower. 
Mayor  of  Coventry. 
Mayor  and  Aldermen  0/ York. 
Somerville. 

Humphry  and  Sinklo,  two  Huntfmen. 
Lewis,  King  of  France. 
Bourbon,  Admiral  of  Stance. 
§ueen  Margaret. 
Sana,  Sifter  to  the  French  King. 

Lady  Gray,  Widow  of  Sir  John  Gray,   afterwards  g>ueeii 
to  Edward  IV. 

Soldiers  and  other  Attendants  on  King  Henry,  and  King 

Edward. 

In  Part  of  the  'Third  Act,  the  S  c  e  n  e  is  laid  in  France  ; 
during  all  the  reft  of  the  Play,  in  England. 


C  301  > 


The  Third  Part  of  (i) 

Kins  H  E  N  R  T  VI 


A    C    T      I. 

SCENE,  London. 

Alarum.     Enter  Duke  of  York,  Edward,  Richard, 
Norfolk,  Montague,  Warwick,  and  Soldiers. 

Warwick. 

Wonder,  how  the  King  efcap'd  our  hands  ! 
York.  While  we  purfu'd  the  horfemen  of 
the  north, 
He  flily  dole  away  and  left  his  men : 
Whereat  the  great  lord  of  Northumberland, 
Whofe  warlike  ears  could  never  brook  Retreat, 
Chear'd  up  the  drooping  army  -,  and  himfelf, 

Lord 

(i)  The  Third  Part  o/K,  Henry  VI.]  The  Aftion  of  this  Play  (which 
was  at  iirft  printed  under  this  Title,  The  true  Tragedy  of  Richard  Duke  of 
York,  and  the  good  K,  Henry  Vlth ;  or7  The  Second  Fart  of  the  Contention  of 

Ycrfe 


302  The  Third  <Part  of 

Lord  Clifford,  and  lord  Stafford,  all  a-breaft, 
Charg'd  our  main  battel's  front ;  and  breaking  in, 
Were  by  the  fwords  of  common  foldiers  (lain. 

Edw.  Lord  Stafford's  father,  Duke  of  Buckingham, 
Is  either  fiain  or  wounded  dang'roufly. 
I  cleft  his  beaver  with  a  down-right  blow : 
That  this  is  true,  father,  behold  his  blood. 

Mont.    And,    brother,    here's  the  Earl  of  Wilt/hire's 
blood  ; 
Whom  I  encounter'd,  as  the  battels  join'd. 

Rich.  Speak  Thou  for  me,  and  tell  them  what  I  did. — 
[Throwing  down  the  Duke  of  Somerset's  Head. 

York.  Richard  hath  bell  deferv'd  of  all  my  fons : 
Is  his  Grace  dead,  my  lord  of  Somerfet  ? 

Norf  Such  Hope  have  all  the  Line  of  John  of  Gaunt ! 

Rich.  Thus  do  I  hope  to  (hake  King  Henry's  head. 

War,  And  fo  do  I.     Victorious  Prince  of  York, 
Before  I  fee  thee  feared  in  that  Throne, 
Which  now  the  Houfe  of  Lancajier  ufurps, 
I  vow  by  heav'n,  thefe  eyes  (hall  never  clofe. 
This  is  the  Palace  of  that  fearful  King, 
And  this  the  regal  Seat  -,  poiTefs  it,  York ; 
For  this  is  thine,  and  not  King  Henry's  heirs. 

York.  A  Mi  ft  me  then,  fweet  Warwick,  and  I  will ; 
For  hither  we  have  broken  in  by  force. 

Norf.  We'll  all  affift  you  •,  he,  that  flies,  (hall  die. 

York.  Thanks,  gentle  Norfolk;  flay  by  me,  my  lords; 
And,  foldiers,  flay  and  lodge  by  me  this  night.  [They  go  up. 

War.  And  when  the  King  comes,  offer  him  no  violence  ; 
Unlefs  he  feek  to  thruft  you  out  by  force. 

York  and  Lancafter)  opens  juft  after  the  firfl  Battle  at  St.  Albans,  wherein 
the  York  Fa&ion  carried  the  day ;  and  clofes  with  the  Murther  of  King 
Henty  Vlth,  and  the  Birth  of  Prince  Edward,  afterwards  King  Edward 
V.  So  that  this  Hiftory  takes  in  the  Space  of  full  1 6  Years.  The 
Rancour  of  the  contending  Fa&ions,  in  this  Play,  is  painted  too  ftrongly 
to  be  agreeable  ;  but  the  Poet,  in  a  great  meafure,  goes  on  the  Authority 
of  Tradition :  and  if  the  Noblemen  appear  more  favage  than  can  fuit 
with  their  Dignity  or  our  prefent  Notion  of  Politenels ;  confiderabk 
Allowances  mult  be  made  for  the  Inveteracy,  with  which  thi*  Civil  War 
was  carried  on  in  all  its  Yiciifitudes, 

i  York. 


King  Henry  VI.  303 

York  The  Queen  this  day  here  holds  her  Parliament, 
But  little  thinks,  we  fhall  be  of  her  Council ; 
By  v/ords  or  blows  here  let  us  win  our  Right. 

Rich.  Arm'd  as  we  are,  let's  ftay  within  this  houfe. 

War.  The  bloody  Parliament  fhall  this  be  calPd, 
Unlefs  Plantagenet,  Duke  of  York,  be  King  ; 
And  bafhful  Henry  depos'd  ;  whofe  cowardife 
Hath  made  us  By-words  to  our  enemies. 

York.  Then  leave  me  not ;  my  lords,  be  refolute ; 
I  mean  to  take  poffeflion  of  my  Right. 

War.  Neither  the  King,  nor  he  that  loves  him  beft, 
The  proudeil  he  that  holds  up  Lancajler, 
Dares  ftir  a  wing,  if  Warwick  (hake  his  bells. 
I'll  plant  Plantagenet  ;  root  him  up,  who  dare : 
Refolve  thee,  Richard  \  claim  the  Engli/h  Crown. 

Enter  King  Henry,   Clifford,    Northumberland,    Weft- 
morland,  Exeter,  and  others. 

K.  Henry.  My  lords,  look  where  the  fturdy  Rebel  fits* 
Even  in  the  chair  of  State  -,  belike,  he  means 
(Back'd  by  the  Power  of  Warwick,  that  falfe  Peer,) 
T'afpire  unto  the  Crown,  and  reign  as  King. 
Earl  of  Northumberland,  he  flew  thy  father  ; 
And  thine,  lord  Clifford  ;  and  you  vow'd  revenge 
On  him,  his  fons,  his  fav 'rites,  and  his  friends. 

North.  If  I  be  not,  heav'ns  be  reveng'd  on  me  ! 

Clif.  The  hope  thereof  makes  Clifford  mourn  in  fteel. 

Weft.  What,  fhall  we  fufferthis?  let's  pluck  him  down; 
My  heart  for  anger  burns,  I  cannot  brook  it. 

K.  Henry.  Be  patient,  gentle  Earl  of '  Weftmorland. 

Clif.  Patience  is  for  poltroons,  and  fuch  is  he  : 
He  durft  not  fit  there,  had  your  father  liv'd. 
My  gracious  lord,  here  in  the  Parliament 
Let  us  afifaii  the  Family  of  York. 

North.  Well  haft  thoufpoken,  Coufin,  be  it  fo. 

K.  Henry.  Ah  !  know  you  not,  the  City  favours  them3 
And  they  have  troops  of  foldiers  at  their  beck  ? 


304  The  Third  Tart  of 

Exet.  But  when   the  Duke  is  flain,    they'll   quickly 
fly.  (2) 

K.  Henry.  Far  be  the   thought  of  this  from  Henry** 
heart, 
To  make  a  Shambles  of  the  Parliament-houfe. 
Coufin  of  Exeter,  frowns,   words  and  threats, 
Shall  be  the  war  that  Henry  means  to  ufe. 
Thou  factious  Duke  of  Tor k9  defcend  my  Throne  ; 

[To  the  Duke. 
And  kneel  for  grace  and  mercy  at  my  feet : 
I  am  thy  Soveraign. 

Tork.  Thou'rt  deceiv'd,  I'm  thine. 

Exe.  For  fhame  come  down :    he  made  thee  Duke  of 
Tork. 

Tor.  'Twas  my  inheritance,  as  the  Kingdom  is. 

Exe.  Thy  father  was  a  traitor  to  the  Crown. 

War.  Exeter,  thou  art  a  traitor  to  the  Crown, 
In  following  this  ufurping  Henry. 

Clif.  Whom  mould  he  follow,  but  his  natural  King  ? 

War.  True,  Clifford  ;  and  that's  Richard  Duke  of  Tork. 

K.  Henry.  And  mall  I  ftand,  and  thou  fit  in  my  Throne  ? 

Tork.  It  muft  and  (hall  be  fo,  content  thy  fel£ 

War.  Be  Duke  of  Lane  after,  let  him  be  King. 

Weft.  He  is  both  King,  and  Duke  of  Lancafter  j 
And  that  the  lord  of  Weftmorland  mail  maintain. 

War.  And  Warwick  mall  difprove  it.    You  forget, 
That  we  are  thofe,  which  chas'd  you  from  the  field, 
And  flew  your  fathers,  and  with  Colours  fpread 
March'd  through  the  city  to  the  Palace  gates. 

North.  No,  Warwick,  I  remember  it  to  my  grief. 
And,  by  his  foul,  thou  and  thy  Houfe  fhall  rue  it. 

Weft.  Plant agenet,  of  thee  and  thefe  thy  fons, 
Thy  kinfmen  and  thy  friends,  I'll  have  more  lives, 
Than  drops  of  blood  were  in  my  father's  veins. 

(2)  Weftm.  But  when  the  Duke  is  JIain,  &c]  Ever  fince  the  old  Edi- 
tion by  the  Players,  hath  this  Line  been  given  to  Weftmorland :  but, 
tis  plain,  the  King  in  his  Speech  immediately  following  replies  as  to 
Exeter ■,  who  in  the  modern  Books  has  not  as  yet  fpoke  a  Word.  I  have, 
upon  the  Authority  of  the  oldefr,  Quarto,  reftor'd  this  Line,  therefore,  to 
Exeter, 

Clif. 


King  Henry  VI.  30J 

Clif.  Urge-  it  no  more  ;  left  that,  inftead  of  words, 
I  fend  thee,  Warwick,  fuch  a  mefTenger, 
As  fhall  revenge  his  death  before  I  flir. 

War.  Poor  Clifford  I  how  I  fcorn  his  worthlefs  threats. 

Tork,  Will  you,  we  (hew  our  Title  to  the  Crown  ? 
If  not,  our  fwords  fhall  plead  it  in  the  field. 

K.  Henry.  What  Title  haft  thou,  traitor,  to  the  Crown  ? 
Thy  father  was,  as  thou  art,  Duke  of  Tork  ; 
Thy  grandfather  Roger  Mortimer,  Earl  of  March., 
1  am  the  fon  of  Henry  the  Fifth, 
Who  made  the  Dauphin  and  the  French  to  ftoop, 
And  feiz'd  upon  their  towns  and  provinces. 

War.  Talk  not  of  France,  fith  thou  haft  loft  it  all. 

K.  Henry.  The  lord  Protector  loft  it,  and  not  I ; 
When  I  was  crown'd,  I  was  but  nine  months  old.      [lofe : 

Rich.  You  are  old  enough  now,  and  yet,  methinks,  you 
Father,  tear  the  Crown  from  the  Ufurper's  head. 

Edw.  Sweet  father,  do  fo  ;  fet  it  on  your  head. 

Mont.  Good  brother,  as  thou  lov'ft  and  honour'ft  arms, 
Let's  fight  it  out,  and  not  (land  cavilling  thus. 

Rich.  Sound  drums  and  trumpets,    and  the  King  will 
fly. 

Tork.  Sons,  peace. 

K.  Henry.  Peace  thou,  and  give  King  Henry  leave  to 
fpeak. 

War.  Plantagenet  fhall  fpeak  firft  :  hear  him,  lords, 
And  be  you  filent  and  attentive  too  ; 
For  he,  that  interrupts  him,  fhall  not  live.  [Throne* 

K.  Henry.  Think'ft  thou,  that  I  will  leave  my  kingly 
Wherein  my  grandfire  and  my  father  fat  ? 
No  :  firft  fhall  War  unpeople  this  my  Realm  -, 
Ay,  and  their  Colours,   often  borne  in  France^ 
And  now  in  England  to  our  heart's  great  forrow, 
Shall  be  my  winding  fheet  :  why  faint  you,  lords  ? 
My  Title's  good,   and  better  far  than  his. 

War.  But  prove  it  Henry,  and  thou  fhalt  be  King. 

K.  Henry.  Henry  the  Fourth  by  Conqueft  got  the  Crown. 

Tork.  'Twas  by  Rebellion  againft  his  King. 

K.  Henry.  I  know  not  what  to  fay,  my  Title's  weak  : 
Tell  me,  may  not  a  King  adopt  an  heir  ? ' 

Vol,  IV,  U  Twh 


3  06  The  ^Thnd  'Part  cf 

Tort  What  then  ? 

K.  Henry.  And  if  he  may,  then  am  I  lawful  King: 
For  Richard,  in  the  view  of  many  lords, 
Refign' d  the  Crown  to  Henry  the  Fourth ; 
Whofe  heir  my  father  was,  and  I  am  his. 

Tork.  He  rofe  againft  him,  being  his  Soveraign3 
And  made  him  to  refign  his  Crown  perforce. 

War.  Suppofe,  my  lords,  he  did  it  unconftrain'd* 
Think  you,  'twere  prejudicial  to  his  Crown  ? 

Exe.  No,  for  he  could  not  fo  refign  his  Crown, 
But  that  the  next  heir  mould  fucceed  and  reign. 

K.  Henry.  Art  thou  againft  us,  Duke  of  Exeter  ? 

Exe.  His  is  the  Right,  and  therefore  pardon  me. 

Tork.  Why  whifper  you,  my  lords,  and  anfwer  not  ? 

Exe.  My  confcience  tells  me,  he  is  lawful  King. 

K.  Henry.  All  will  revolt  from  me,  and  turn  to  him. 

North.  Plant agenet,  for  all  the  Claim  thou  lay 'ft, 
Think  not,  that  Henry  fhall  be  fo  depos'd. 

War.  Depos'd  he  fhall  be,  in  defpight  of  thee. 

North.  Thou  art  deceiv'd  :  'tis  not  thy  fouthern  Power 
Of  Eftfex,  Norfolk,  Suffolk,  nor  of  Kent, 
Which  makes  thee  thus  prefumptuous  and  proud. 
Can  fee  the  Duke  up  in  defpight  of  me. 

Clif.  King  Henry,  be  thy  Title  right  or  wrong, 
Lord  Clifford  vows  to  fight  in  thy  defence ; 
May  that  ground  gape  and  fwallow  me  alive, 
Where  I  fhall  kneel  to  him,  that  flew  my  father! 

K.  Henry.    Oh   Clifford,     how   thy   words    revive  my 
heart. 

Tork.  Henry  of  ham 'after,  refign  thy  Crown  : 
What  mutter  you,  or  what  confpire  you,  lords  ? 

War.  Do  right  unto  this  princely  Duke  of  Tork, 
Or  I  will  fill  this  Houfe  with  armed  men  ; 
And,  o'er  the  Chair  of  State,  where  now  he  fits, 
Write  up  his  Title  with  ufurping  blood. 

[He  ft  amps  with  his  foot,  and  the  foldiers  Jhew  themfelves* 

K.  Henry.  My  lord  of  Warwick,    hear   me  but  one 
word  *, 
Let  me  but  reign  in  Quiet,  while  I  live. 

Tork. 


King  Henry  VL  3a? 

York.  Confirm  the  Crown  to  me  and  to  mine  heirs, 
And  thou  fhalt  reign  in  quiet  while  thou  liv'ft. 

K.  Henry,  I  am  content :    Richard  Plantagenet, 
Enjoy  the  Kingdom  after  my  deceafe. 

Clif.  What  wrong  is  this  unto  the  Prince  your  fon  ? 

War.  What  good  is  this  to  England  and  himfelf  ? 

Weft.  Bafe,  fearful  and  defpairing  Henry  ! 

Clif.  How  haft  thou  injur'd  both  thy  felf  and  us ! 

Weft.  I  cannot  flay  to  hear  thefe  articles. 

North.  Nor  I. 

Clif.  Come,  Coufin,  let  us  tell  the  Queen  thefe  news* 

Weft.  Farewel,  faint-hearted  and  degen'rate  King, 
In  whofe  cold  blood  no  fpark  of  honour  bides* 

North.  Re  thou  a  prey  unto  the  Houfe  of  York, 
And  die  in  bands  for  this  unmanly  deed !~ 

Clif.  In  dreadful  war  may'ft  thou  be  overcome, 
Or  live  in  peace  abandon'd  and  defpis'd  !— 

[Exeunt  Nor.  Cliff.  Weftm^ 

War.  Turn  this  way,  Henry,  and  regard  them  not. 

Exe.  They  feek  revenge,  and  therefore  will  not  yield. 

K.  Henry.  Ah,  Exeter  I 

War.  Why  fhould  you  figh,  my  lord  ? 

K.  Henry.  Not  for  my  felf,  lord  Warwick^  but  my  fori* 
Whom  I  unnaturally  fhall  difinherit. 
But  be  it,  as  it  may  ;  I  here  entaile 
The  Crown  to  thee,  and  to  thine  heirs  for  ever  % 
Conditionally,  that  here  thou  take  an  oath 
To  ceafe  this  Civil  War  ;  and,  whilft  I  live, 
To  honour  me  as  thy  King  and  Soveraign: 
Neither  by  treafon  nor  hoftility 
To  feek  to  put  me  down,  and  reign  thy  felf. 

York.  This  oath  I  willingly  take,  and  will  perform. 

War.  Long  live  King  Henry ! —  Plantagenet,  embrace 
him* 

K.  Henry.  And  long  live  thou,  and  thefe  thy  forward 
fons  ! 

York.  Now  York  and  Lancafter  are  reconcil'd. 

Exe.  Accurft  be  he,  that  feeks  to  make  them  foes ! 

[Sennet.     Here  they  come  down0 

U  %  York 


3  c8  The  Third  Fart  of 

York.  Farewel,  my  gracious  lord,  I'll  to  my  Caftle. 
War.  And  I'll  keep  London  with  my  foldiers. 
Norf.  And  I  to  Norfolk  with  my  followers. 
Mont.  And  I  unto  the  fea,  from  whence  I  came. 

[Exeunt  York,  Warwick,  Norfolk  and  Montague. 
K.  Henry.  And  I  with  grief  and  forrow  to  the  Court. 

Enter  the  Queen,  and  the  Prince  of  Wales. 

Exe.  Here  comes  the  Queen,  whofe  looks  bewray  her 
anger  : 
I'll  fteal  away. 

K.  Henry.  So,  Exeter,  will  I.  [Going. 

Queen.  Nay,   go  not  from  me  ;  I  will  follow  thee— 
K.  Henry.  Be  patient,  gentle  Queen,  and  I  will  flay. 
Queen.  Who  can  be  patient  in  fuch  extreams  ? 
Ah,  wretched  man !  would  I  had  dy'd  a  maid, 
And  never  feen  thee,  never  borne  thee  fon, 
Seeing  thou  haft  prov'd  fo'  unnatural  a  father. 
Hath  he  deferv'd  to  lofe  his  birth-right  thus  ? 
Hadft  thou  but  lov*d  him  half  fo  well  as  I, 
Or  felt  that  pain  which  I  did  for  him  once, 
Or  nourimt  him,  as  I  did  with  my  blood  ; 
Thou  wouldft  have  left  thy  deareft  heart-blood  there, 
Rather  than  made  that  favage  Duke  thine  heir, 
And  difinherited  thine  only  fon. 

Prince.  Father,  you  cannot  difinherit  me : 
If  you  be  King,  why  mould  not  I  fucceed  ?  [fon  5 

K.  Henry.  Pardon   me,  Marg'ret  ;   pardon  me,   fweet 
The  Earl  of  Warwick  and  the  Duke  enforc'd  me. 

Queen.  Enforc'd  thee  ?    art  thou  King,   and  wilt   be 
forc'd  ? 
I  fhame  to  hear  thee  fpeak  -,  ah,  tim'rous  wretch  ! 
Thou  haft  undone  thy  felf,  thy  fon,  and  me, 
And  given  unto  the  Houfe  of  York  fuch  head, 
As  thou  fhalt  reign  but  by  their  fufferance. 
To  entail  him  and's  heirs  unto  the  Crown, 
What  is  it  but  to  make  thy  Sepulchre, 
And  creep  into  it  far  before  thy  time  ? 
Warwick  is  Chancellor,  and  the  lord  of  Calais ; 
Stern  Faulconbridge  commands  the  narrow  Seas ; 

The 


King  Henry  VI.  509 

The  Duke  is  made  Protector  of  the  Realm  ; 

And  yet  malt  thou  be  fafe  ? — fuch  fafety  finds 

The  trembling  lamb,  invironed  with  wolves. 

Had  I  been  there,  which  am  a  filly  woman, 

The  foldiers  fhould  have  tofs'd  me  on  their  pikes, 

Before  I  would  have  granted  to  that  Aft. 

But  thou  preferr'ft  thy  life  before  thine  honour : 

And  feeing  thou  doft,  I  here  divorce  my  felf 

Both  from  thy  table,  Henry,   and  thy  bed  ; 

Until  that  Aft  of  Parliament  be  repealed, 

Whereby  my  fon  is  difinherited. 

The  northern  lords,   that  have  forfworn  thy  Colours, 

Will  follow  mine,    if  once  they  fee  them  fpread  : 

And  fpread  they  mail  be,  to  thy  foul  difgrace, 

And  utter  ruin  of  the  Houfe  of  Tor k. 

Thus  do  I  leave  thee ;  come,  Son,  let's  away  ; 

Our  army's  ready  ;    come»  we'll  after  them. 

K.  Henry.  Stay,  gentle  Margaret,   and  hear  me  fpeak. 

Queen.  Thou  haft  fpoke  too  much  already  ;  get  thee 
gone. 

K.  Henry.  Gentle  fon  Edward,  thou  wilt  flay  with  me  ? 

Queen.  Ay,  to  be  murther'd  by  his  enemies. — 

Prince.  When  I  return  with  viftory  from  the  field, 
I'll  See  your  Grace  ;  till  then  I'll  follow  her. 

Queen.  Come,  fon,  away  ;  we  may  not  linger  thus. 

[Exeunt  Queen  and  Prince. 

K.  Henry.  Poor  Queen,  how  love  to  me  and  to  her  fori 
Hath  made  her  break  out  into  terms  of  rage. 
Reveng'd  may  fhe  be  on  that  hateful  Duke, 
Whofe  haughty  fpirit,   winged  with  defire, 
Will  coft  my  crown  ;  and,  like  an  empty  eagle,  £0&X\ 

Tire  on  the  flefh  of  me  and  of  my  fon.  U  lcj~ 

The  lofs  of  thofe  three  lords  torments  my  heart ; 
I'll  write  unto  them,  and  intreat  them  fair  ; 
Come,  Coufin,  you  fhall  be  the  meffenger. 

Exe.  And,  as  I  hope,  (hall  reconcile  them  all.   [Exeunt. 


Uj  SCENE 


j  i  o  The  Third  Tart  of 

SCENE   changes  to  Sandal- Cajik,  near  Wake- 
field, in  Yorkfhire, 

Enter  Richard,  Edward,  and  Montague. 

Ricb.Yl ROTHER,    though  I  be  youngeft,  give  me 
Jj         leave. 
Edw.  No,  I  can  better  play  the  orator. 
Mont.  But  I  have  reafons  ftrong  and  forcible. 

Enter  the  Duke  of  York. 

York.  Why  how  now,  fons  and  brother,  at  a  ft  rife  ? 
What  is  your  quarrel  ?  how  began  it  firft  ? 

Edw.  No  quarrel,  but  a  fweet  contention.  (3) 

York.  About  what  ? 

Rich.  About  that,  which  concerns  your  Grace  and  us ; 
The  Crown  of  .England,  father  ;  which  is  yours. 

York.  Mine,  boy  ?  not  'till  King  Henry  be  dead. 

Rich.  Your  Right  depends  not  on  his  life  or  death. 

Edw.  Now  you  are  heir,  therefore  enjoy  it  now  : 
By  giving  th'  Houfe  of  Lancafter  leave  to  breathe, 
It  will  out-run  you,  father,  in  the  end. 

York.  I  took  an  oath  that  he  fhould  quietly  reign. 

Edw.  But  for  a  Kingdom  any  oath  may  be  broken  :  (4) 
I'd  break  a  thoufand  oaths  to  reign  one  year. 

(3)  N°  Quarrd,  but  n  flight  Contention^  Thus  the  Players,  firft,  in 
their  Edition  ;  who  did  not  underfland,  I  prefume,  the  force  of  the  Epi- 
thet in  the  old  Quarto,  which  I  have  reftor'd  ;  fweet  Contention. 
i.e.  the  Argument  of  their  Difpute  was  upon  a  grateful  Topick ;  the 
Queftion  of  their  Father's  immediate  Right  to  the  Crown. 

(4)  But  for  a  Kingdom  any  Oath  ?nay  be  broken ;]  It  feems  very  probable 
to  me,  that  the  Poet  is  here  copying  the  Spirit  of  this  Paflage  of  Seneca  s 
fhebais. 

•  ■  Pro  regno  evelim 

Patriam,  Penates,  Conjugem  fiammis  dare  ; 
Impcria  precio  quolibet  conjiant  bene. 
To  the  fame  Tenour  Euripides,  in  his  Pbanijpe  3 
■       ■  TvgdVviJbs  Kiel 

jjlicb* 


King  Henry  VI.  311 

Rich.  No  ;  God  forbid,  your  Grace  mould  be  forfworn. 

York.  I  fhall  be,  if  I  claim  by  open  war. 

Rich.  I'll  prove  the  contrary,  if  you'll  hear  mefpeak. 

York.  Thou  can'ft  not,  fon  ;  it  is  impoffible. 

Rich.  An  oath  is  of  no  moment,  being  not  took 
Before  a  true  and  lawful  magiftrate  •, 
That  hath  authority  o'er  him,  that  fwears. 
Henry  had  none  ;  but  did  ufurp  the  place. 
Then,  feeing  'twas  he  that  made  you  to  depofe, 
Your  oath,  my  lord,  is  vain  and  frivolous  •, 
Therefore,  to  arms  :  and,  father,  do  but  think 
How  fweet  a  thing  it  is  to  wear  a  Crown  ; 
Within  whofe  circuit  is  Elyfuim^ 
And  all  that  Poets  feign  of  blifs  and  joy. 
Why  do  we  linger  thus  ?  I  cannot  reft, 
Until  the  white  Rofe,  that  I  wear,  be  dy'd 
Even  in  the. lukewarm  blood  of  Henry's  heart. 

York.  Richard,  enough :  I  will  be  King,  or  die. 
Brother,  thou  malt  to  London  prefently, 
And  whet  on  Warwick  to  this  enterprize. 
Thou,  Richard,  fhait  to  th'  Duke  of  Norfolk  go, 
And  tell  him  privily  of  our  intent. 
You,  Edward,  fhall  unto  my  lord  Cobham, 
With  whom  the  Kentijhmen  will  willingly  rife. 
In  them  I  truft  ;  for  they  are  foldiers, 
Wealthy  and  courteous,  liberal,  full  of  fpirit.  (5) 
While  you  are  thus  employ'd,  what  refteth  more 
But  that  I  feek  occafion  how  to  rife  ? 
And  ytt  the  King  not  privy  to  my  drift, 
Nor  any  of  the  houfe  of  Lancafier. 

(5)  Witty,  courteous,  liberal,  full  of  'Spirit .]  What  a  bleffed  harmonious 
Line  have  the  Editors  here  given  us,  and  what  a  promifing  Epithet,  in 
Torkh  behalf,  from  the  Kentijhmen  being  io  witty  ?  I  can't  be  fo  par- 
tial,  however,  to  my  own  County,  as  to  let  this  Compliment  pafs.  I 
make  no  Doubt  to  read  ; 

■        ■  For  they  are  Soldiers, 

Wealthy,  and  courteous,  liberal,  full  of  Spirit. 

Now  thefe  5  Charatterifticks  anfwer  to  Lord  Safs  Defcription  of  them  in 
the  preceding  Play. 

Kent,  in  the  Commentaries  Csefer  writ, 

Is  ternid  the  civile  Place  in  all  this  IJle  ; 

Vie  people  liberal,  valiant,  active,  wealthy. 

U  4  £nter 


'j  1 2  The  Third  Tart  of 

Enter  Mejfenger. 

But  ftay,  what  news  ?  why  com'ft  thou  in  fuch  poft  ? 

Gab.  The  Queen,  with  all  the  northern  Earls  and  Lords, 
Intend  here  to  befiege  you  in  your  caftle. 
She  is  hard  by,  with  twenty  thoufand  men  ; 
And  therefore  fortifie  your  Hold,  my  lord. 

York.  Ay, — with  my  fword.      What!    think'ft  thou, 
that  we  fear  them  ? 
Edward  and  Richard^  you  mail  ftay  with  me  ; 
My  brother  Montague  (hall  poft  to  London. 
Let  noble  Warwick  ^  Cobba?n9  and  the  reft, 
Whom  we  have  left  Protectors  of  the  King, 
With  powerful  policy  ftrengthen  themfelves, 
And  truft  not  fimple  Henry  nor  his  oaths. 

Mont.  Brother,  I  go  ;  I'll  win  them,  fear  it  not. 
And  thus  mod  humbly  I  do  take  my  leave. 

[Exit  Montague. 

Enter  Sir  John  Mortimer,   and  Sir  Hugh  Mortimer. 

York,  Sir  John  and  Sir  Hugh  Mortimer^  mine  uncles, 
You  are  come  to  Sandal  in  a  happy  hour. 
The  army  of  the  Queen  means  to  befiege  us.  [field. 

Sir  John.  She   fhall  not  need,    we'll  meet  her  in  the 

York.  What,  with  five  thoufand  men  ? 

Rich.  Ay,  with  five  hundred,  father,  for  a  need. 
A  woman's  General  •,   What  mould  we  fear  ? 

[A  March  afar  off. 

Edw.  I  hear  their  drums  :  let's  fet  our  men  in  order, 
And  ifiue  forth  and  bid  them  battel  ftrait. 

York.  Five  men  to  twenty  !  though  the  odds  be  great, 
I  doubt  not,  Uncle,  of  our  victory. 
Many  a  battel  have  I  won  in  France^ 
When  as  the  enemy  hath  been  ten  to  one  : 
Why  mould  I  not  now  have  the  like  fuccefs  ? 

[Alarum.    Exeunt. 


SCENE 


King  Henri  VI.  315 


SCENE  a  Field  of  Battel  betwixt  Sandal-C^/?/^ 

and  Wakefield. 

Enter  Rutland  and  his  Tutor. 

Rut.     A   H,  whither  fhall  I  fly,  to  fcape  their  hands  ? 
jf"\,  Ah,    Tutor,     look,    where  bloody   Clifford 
comes. 

Enter  Clifford,  and  Soldiers. 

Clif.  Chaplain,  away  !  thy  priefthood  faves  thy  life  j 
As  for  the  Brat  of  this  accurfed  Duke, 
Whofe  father  flew  my  father,  he  fhall  die. 

Tutor.  And  I,  my  lord,  will  bear  him  company. 

Clif.  Soldiers,  away,  and  drag  him  hence  perforce. 

Tutor.  Ah !  Clifford,  murther  not  this  innocent  child, 
Left  thou  be  hated  both  of  God  and  man. 

[Exit,  drag'd  off, 

Clif.  How  now  ?  is  he  dead  already  ?  or,  is  it  fear 
That  makes  him  clofe  his  eyes  ?  I'll  open  them. 

Rut.  So  looks  the  pent-up  Lion  o'er  the  wretch 
That  trembles  under  his  devouring  paws  ; 
And  fo  he  walks  infulting  o'er  his  prey, 
And  fo  he  comes  to  rend  his  limbs  afunder. 
Ah  gentle  Clifford,  kill  me  with  thy  fword, 
And  not  with  fuch  a  cruel  threatning  look. 
Sweet  Clifford,  hear  me  fpeak  before  I  die  : 
lam  too  mean  a  Subject  of  thy  wrath, 
Be  thou  reveng'd  on  men,  and  let  me  live. 

Clif.  In  vain  thou  fpeak'ft,  poor  boy  :  my  father's  blood 
Hath  flopt  the  paflfage  where  thy  words  fhould  enter. 

Rut.  Then  let  my  father's  blood  open't  again : 
He  is  a  man,  and,  Clifford,  coape  with  him. 

Clif  Had  I  thy  brethren  here,  their  lives  and  thine 
Were  not  Revenge  fufHcient  for  me  : 
No,  if  I  digg'd  up  thy  forefathers'  graves, 
And  hung  their  rotten  cofHns  up  in  chains, 
It  could  not  flake  mine  ire,  nor  eafe  my  heart. 
The  fight  of  any  of  the  Houfe  of  Tork 

Is 


3 14  Tht  Third  Tart  of  J 

Is  as  a  Fury  to  torment  my  foul : 
And  till  I  root  out  their  accurfed  Line, 
And  leave  not  one  alive,  I  live  in  hell. 
Therefore 

Rut.  O  let  me  pray,  before  I  take  my  death : 
To  thee  T  pray fweet  Clifford,  pity  me. 

Clif.  Such  pity,  as  my  rapier's  point  affords. 

Rut.  I  never  did  thee  harm  ;  why  wilt  thou  flay  me  ? 

Clif.  Thy  father  hath. 

Rut.  But  'twas,  ere  I  was  born. 
Thou  haft  one  fon,  for  his  fake  pity  me  ; 
Left,  in  revenge  thereof,  (fith  God  is  juft) 
He  be  as  miferably  flain  as  I. 
Ah,  let  me  live  in  prifon  all  my  days, 
And  when  I  give  occafion  of  offence, 
Then  let  me  die,  for  now  thou  haft  no  caufe. 

Clif.  No  caufe  ! 
Thy  father  flew  my  father,    therefore  die. 

[CY'f.  ftabs   him. 

Rut.  Dii  faciant,  laudis  fumma  fit  ifta  tucz  !  (6)      [Dies. 

Clif.  Plantagenet,  I  come,  Rlantagmet  I 
And  this  thy  fon's  blood  cleaving  to  my  blade 
Shall  ruft  upon  my  weapon,  till  thy  blood, 
Congeal'd  with  this,  do  make  me  .wipe  oft  both.     [Exit. 

Alarum.     Enter  Richard  Duke  of  York. 

York.  The  army  of  the  Queen  hath  got  the  field  : 
My  Uncles  both  are  flain  in  refcuing  me, 
And  all  my  Followers  to  the  eager  foe 
Turn  Back,  and  fly  like  (hips  before  the  wind, 
Or  lambs  purfu'd  by  hunger-ftarved  wolves. 
My  Sons,  God  knows,  what  hath  bechanced  them : 
But  this  I  know,  they  have  demean'd  themfelves 
Like  men  born  to  Renown,  by  life  or  death. 
Three  times  did  Richard  make  a  lane  to  me, 
And  thrice  cry'd,  Courage,  father  !  fight  it  out : 

(6)  Dii  faciani,  laudis,  &o]  This  is  the  66th  Verfe  of  Phillit  her 
Epiftle  to  Demophaon,  in  Ovid.  It  is  a  fignal  Inftance,  I  think,  that  the 
Author  knew  perfectly  well  how  to  apply  his  Latine. 

i  And 


King  Henry  VI.  51 

And  full  as  oft  came  Edward  to  tny  fide, 

With  purple  falchion  painted  to  the  hilt 

In  blood  of  thofe,  that  had  encountered  him  : 

And  when  the  hardieft  warriors  did  retire, 

Richard  cry'd,  Charge  !  and  give  no  foot  of  ground  ; 

And  cry'd',  a  Crown,  or  elfe  a  glorious  tomb, 

A  Scepter  or  an  earthly  Sepulcher. 

With  this  we  charg'd  again  ;  but  out !    alas, 

We  bodg'd  again  ;  as  I  have  feen  a  Swan 

With  bootlefs  labour  fwim  againft  the  tide, 

And  fpend  her  ftrength  with  over-matching  waves. 

[A  Jhort  alarum  within. 
Ah  !  hark,  the  fatal  followers  do  purfue, 
And  I  am  faint  and  cannot  fly  their  fury, 
And  were  I  ftrong,  I  would  not  fhun  their  fury. 
The  fands  are  number'd,  that  make  up  my  life ; 
Here  muft  I  itay,  and  here  my  life  muft  end. 

Enter  the  Queen,  Clifford,  Northumberland,  the  Prince  of 

Wales,  and  Soldiers. 

Come,  bloody  Clifford,  rough  Northumberland, 
I  dare  your  quenchlefs  fury  to  more  Rage  : 
lam  your  Butt,   and  I  abide  your  Shot. 

North.  Yield  to  our  Mercy,  proud  Plantagenet. 

Clif.  Ay,  to  fuch  Mercy  as  his  ruthlefs  arm 
With  downright  payment  fhew'd  unto  my  father. 
Now  Phaeton  hath  tumbled  from  his  Car, 
And  made  an  evening  at  the  noon-tide  prick. 

York.  My  allies,  as  the  Phcenix,   may  bring  forth 
A  bird  that  will  revenge  upon  you  all : 
And  in  that  Hope  I  throw  mine  eyes  to  heav'n, 
Scorning  whate'er  you  can  afflict  me  with. 
Why  come  you  not  ?  what  !  multitudes  and  fear? 

Clif.  So  cowards  fight,   when  they  can  fly  no  farther ; 
So  Doves  do  peck  the  Falcon's  piercing  talons  ; 
So  defp'rate  thieves,  all  hopelefs  of  their  lives, 
Breathe  out  invectives  'gainft  the  officers. 

York.  Oh  Clifford,  but  bethink  thee  once  again, 
And  in  thy  thought  o'er-run  my  former  time  ; 
And,  if  thou  canft  for  blufhing,  view  this  face, 

And 


3x6  The^lhwdTartof 

And  bite  thy  tongue  that  (landers  him  with  cowardife, 
Whofe  frown  hath  made  thee  faint,  and  fly  ere  this. 

Clif.  I  will  not  bandy  with  thee  word  for  word, 
But  buckle  with  thee  blows  twice  two  for  one.  (7) 

Queen.  Hold,  valiant  Clifford  \  for  a  thoufand  caufes 
I  would  prolong  a  while  the  traitor's  life  : 
Wrath  makes  him  deaf ;  fpeak  thou,  Northumberland, 

North.  Hold,  Clifford ;  do  not  honour  him  fo  much, 
To  prick  thy  finger,   though  to  wound  his  heart. 
What  valour  were  it,  when  a  cur  doth  grin, 
For  one  to  thruft  his  hand  between  his  teeth, 
When  he  might  fpurn  him  with  his  foot  away? 
It  is  war*§  prize  to  take  all  vantages  ; 
And  ten  to  one  is  no  impeach  of  valour. 

Clif.  Ay,  ay,  fo  drives  the  woodcock  with  the  gin. 

North.  So  doth  the  cony  ftruggle  in  the  net. 

[In  the  Struggle  York  is  taken  Prifoner. 

Tork.  So  triumph  thieves  upon  their  conquer'd  booty  ; 
So  true  men  yield,  with  robbers  fo  o'er-matcht. 

North.  What  would  your  Grace  have  done  unto  him 
now  ? 

Queen.  Brave  warriors,  Clifford  and  Northumberland \ 
Come  make  him  (land  upon  this  mole-hill  here  -9 
That  raught  at  mountains  with  out-ftretched  arms, 
Yet  parted  but  the  fhadow  with  his  hand. 

(7)  And  buckler  with  thee  Blows  twice  two  for  one.]  This  is  the  Read- 
ing of  all  the  Impreffions,  from  the  firft  Folio  downwards.  But,  to 
luckier,  is  to  defend  ;  which  certainly  is  not  Clifford?*  Meaning  here  : 
And  in  that  Senfe  we  have  the  Word  afterwards  in  this  very  Play ; 

Can  Oxford,  that  did  ewer  fence  the  Right, 

Now  buckler  Faljhood  with  a  Pedigree  ? 
Mr.  Tope,  who  pretends  to  have  collated  the  old  Quarto,  might  have  ob- 
ferv'd  the  Reading  is  there,  as  I  have  reftor'd  it  to  the  Text,  buckle  ,  i.  e. 
toap,  ftruggle  with.     So  before,  in  the  1  Henry  VI. 

In  Jingle  Combat  thoujhalt  buckle  with  me. 
And  again  ; 

.    .    ■    ■    'All  our  general  Force 

Might,  with  a  Sally  of  the  wry  Town, 

Be  buckled  with. 
And  again; 

And  Hell  toofirongfor  me  to  btickle  with. 

What! 


King  Henri  VI.  317 

What !  was  it  you,  chat  would  be  England's  King  ? 

Was't  you,   that  revell'd  in  our  Parliament, 

And  made  a  preachment  of  your  high  Defcent  ? 

Where  are  your  mefs  of  fons  to  back  you  now, 

The  wanton  Edward,  and  the  lufty  George  P 

And  where's  that  valiant  crook-back'd  Prodigy, 

Dicky  your  boy,  that-with  his  grumbling  voice 

Was  wont  to  cheer  his  Dad  in  mutinies? 

Or  with  the  reft,  where  is  your  darling  Rutland  ? 

Look,  Tork  •,  I  ftain'd  this  napkin  with  the  blood, 

That  valiant  Clifford  with  his  rapier's  point 

Made  iflue  from  the  bofom  of  the  boy  : 

And  if  thine  eyes  can  water  for  his  death, 

I  give  thee  this  to  dry  thy  cheeks  withal. 

Alas  !  poor  Tork  ;  but  that  I  hate  thee  deadly, 

I  mould  lament  thy  miferable  ftate. 

I  pr'ythee,  grieve,  to  make  me  merry,  York. 

What,  hath  thy  fiery  heart  fo  parcht  thine  Entrails, 

That  not  a  tear  can  fall  for  Rutland's  death  ? 

Why  art  thou  patient,  man  ?  thou  fhould'ft  be  mad  ; 

And  I,  to  make  thee  mad,  do  mock  thee  thus  ; 
Stamp,  rave  and  fret,  that  I  may  fing  and  dance. 
Thou  would'ft  be  fet'd,  I  fee,  to  make  me  fport  t 
Tork  cannot  fpeak,  unlefs  he  wear  a  Crown. 

A  Crown  for  Tork and,  lords,  bow  low  to  him  : 

Hold  you  his  hands,  whilft  I  do  fet  it  on. 

[Putting  a  Paper  Crown  on  his  head. 
Ay,  marry,  Sir,  now  looks  he  like  a  King  : 
Ay,  this  is  he,  that  took  King  Henry's  chair  ; 
And  this  is  he,  was  his  adopted  heir. 
But  how  is  it,  that  great  Plantagenet 
Is  crown'd  fo  fbon,  and  broke  his  folemn  oath  ? 
As  I  bethink  me,  you  mould  not  be  King 
Till  our  King  Henry  had  fhook  hands  with  death. 
And  will  you  pale  your  head  in  Henry's  Glory, 
And  rob  his  Temples  of  the  Diadem, 
Now  in  his  life,   againft  your  holy  oath  ? 
Oh,  'tis  a  fault  too  too  unpardonable  : 
Off  with  the  Crown  ;  and  with  the  Crown,  his  head  j 
And  whilft  we  breathe,  take  time  to  do  him  dead. 


3 1 8  The  Third  Tart  of 

Clif.  That  is  my  office,  for  my  father's  fake. 
Queen.  Nay,  flay,  let's  hear  the  Oraifons  he  makes 
York.  She-wolf  of  France,  but  worfe  than  wolves  of 
France, 
Whofe  tongue  more  poifons  than  the  adder's  tooth ! 
How  ill-befeeming  is  it  in  thy  fex 
To  triumph,  like  an  Amazonian  trull, 
Upon  their  woes,  whom  fortune  captivates  ? 
But  that  thy  face  is,  vizor-like,  unchanging, 
Made  impudent  with  ufe  of  evil  deeds, 
I  would  aflfay,  proud  Queen,  to  make  thee  blulri. 
To  tell  thee  whence  thou  cam'fl,  of  whom  deriv'd, 
Were   Shame  enough   to   fhame  thee,  wert  thou  not 

fhamelefs : 
Thy  father  bears  the  type  of  King  of  Naples, 
Of  both  the  Sicils  and  Jerufalem, 
Yet  not  fo  wealthy  as  an  Englifh  yeoman. 
Hath  that  poor  Monarch  taught  thee  to  infult  ? 
It  needs  not,  nor  it  boots  thee  not,  proud  Queen, 
Unlefs  the  Adage  mull  be  verify'd, 
"  That  beggars,  mounted,  run  their  horfe  to  death.'3 
'Tis  Beauty,  that  doth  oft  make  women  proud  ; 
But,  God,  he  knows,  thy  fhare  thereof  is  fmall. 

5Tis  Virtue,  that  doth  make  them  molt  admir'd ; 

The  contrary  doth  make  thee  wonder'd  at. 

'Tis  Government,  that  makes  them  feem  divine  ; 

The  want  thereof  makes  thee  abominable. 

Thou  art  as  oppofite  to  every  good, 

As  the  Antipodes  are  unto  us, 

Or  as  the  South  to  the  Septentrion. 

Oh,  tyger's  heart  wrapt  in  a  woman's  hide  ! 

How  could'ft  thou  drain  the  life-blood  of  the  child, 

To  bid  the  father  wipe  his  eyes  withal, 

And  yet  be  feen  to  wear  a  woman's  face  ? 

Women  are  foft,  mild,  pitiful  and  flexible  ; 

Thou  ftern,  obdurate,  flinty,  rough,  remorfelefs. 

Bidft  thou  me  rage  ?  why,  now  thou  haft  thy  Wifh. 

Would'ft  have  me  weep  ?  why,  now  thou  haft  thy  Will. 

For  raging  wind  blows  up  inceflant  fhow'rs. 

And 


King  HBNRI   VL  3lp 

And  when  the  rage  allays,  the  rain  begins. 

Thefe  tears  are  my  fweet  Rutland's  obfequies ; 

And  ev'ry  drop  cries  vengeance  for  his  death, 

'Gainft  thee,  fell  Clifford  -,  and  thee,  falfe  French  woman. 

North.  Belhrew  me,  but  his  pafllons  move  me  fo  s 
That  hardly  can  I  check  mine  eyes  from  tears. 

York.  That  face  of  his 
The  hungry  Canibals  would  not  have  touch'd, 
Would  not  have  itain'd  the  rofesjuic'd  with  blood:  (8) 
But  you  are  more  inhuman,  more  inexorable, 
Oh?  ten  times  more,  than  tygers  of  Hyrcania. 
See,  ruthlefs  Queen,  a  haplefs  father's  tears: 
This  cloth  thou  dip'dft  in  blood  of  my  fweet  boy, 
And  I  with  tears  do  warn  the  blood  away. 
Keep  thou  the  napkin,  and  go  boaft  of  this  ; 
And  if  thou  tell'ft  the  heavy  Story  right, 
Upon  my  foul,  the  hearers  will  fried  tears : 
Yea,  even  my  foes  will  fhed  faft- falling  tears, 

And  fay,  alas,  it  was  a  piteous  deed  ! 

There,  take  the  Crown  ;  and,  with  the  Crown  my  curfc. 
And  in  thy  need  fuch  comfort  come  to  thee, 
As  now  I  reap  at  thy  too  cruel  hand. 
Hard-hearted  Clifford,  take  me  from  the  world, 
My  foul  to  heav'n,  my  blood  upon  your  heads. 

North.  Had  he  been  flaughter-man  to  all  my  kin, 
I  mould  not  for  my  life  but  weep  with  him, 
To  fee  how  inly  Sorrow  gripes  his  foul. 

(8)  Would  not  havejlairid  the  Rofes  juft.  with  Blood.]  This  Reading  we 
deriv'd  from  the  2d  Folio  Edition.  The  old  4*0  and  the  firil  Folio 
Impreffion  exhibit  the  PafTage  thus. 

'That  Face  of  his  the  hungry  Canibals  .* 

Would  not  have  touched,  would  not  havt  ftain'd with  Blood.-  JOfW» 
But  how  'are  we  to  underftand,  Staining  the  Rofes  juft  with  Blood?  Can 
the  Poet  mean,  that  the  Canibals  would  not  have  juft  ilain'd  the  Rofes 
in  his  Cheeks  with  Blood  ?  The  Pofition  of  the  Words  is  forc'd,  to  admit 
of  this  Conftruttion  :  and,  juft,  feems  a  very  idle  Expletive.  The  Con- 
jecture, which  I  gave  in  Prints  fometime  ago,  and  with  which  I  have 
now  reftor'd  the  Text,  I  am  very  willing  to  think,  retrieves  the  Poet's 
Thought. 

Would  not  have  ftairid  the  Rofes  juic'd  with  Blood. 
\.  e.  would  not  have  fpilt  that  Blood,  whofe  Juices  ihone  thro'  his  young 
Cheeks,  bright  as  the  Vermilion  Dye  in  Rofes, 

Queen, 


^  26  The  Third  Tart  of 

Queen.  What,  weeping-ripe,  my  lord  Northumberland  f 
Think  but  upon  the  wrong  he  did  us  all, 
And  that  will  quickly  dry  thy  melting  tears. 

Clif.  Here's  for  my  oath,  here's  for  my  father's  death. 

[Stabbing  himi 

Queen.  And  here's  to  right  our  gentle-hearted  King. 

York.  Open  thy  gate  of  mercy,  gracious  God ! 
My  foul  flies  through  thefe  wounds,    to  feek  out  thee. 

[Dies. 

Queen.  Off  with  his  Head,  and  fet  it  on  York  gates  ; 
So  York  may  overlook  the  Town  of  York.  [Exeunt, 


ACT    II. 


SCENE,  near  Mortimer'*  Crofs  in  Walesi 

A  March.      Enter  Edward,    Richard,  and  their  Power. 

Edward. 

71H!S  Wonder,  how  our  princely  Father  fcap'd  ;     . 
S|i||  Or  whether  he  be  fcap'd  away,  or  no, 

From  Clifford1' 'sand  Northumberland's  Purfuit? 
Had  he  been  ta'en,  we  mould  have  heard 
the  news ; 

*H&'d  he  been  £lain0  we  mould  have  heard  the  news  ; 
Or  had  he  fcap'd,  methinks,  we  mould  have  heard 
The  happy  tidings  of  his  good  efcape. 
How  fares  my  brother  ?  why  is  he  fo  fad  f 

Rich.  I  cannot  joy,  until  I  be  refolv'd 
Where  our  right  valiant  father  is  become. 
1  faw  him  in  the  battel  range  about; 
And  watch'd  him,  how  he  fingled  Clifford  forth  % 
Methought,  he  bore  him  in  the  thickeft  troop, 

As 


King  Henry  "VI,  J  it] 

As  doth  a  Lion  in  a  herd  of  Neat ; 
Or  as  a  Bear,  encompafs'd  round  with  dogs; 
Who  having  pincht  a  few  and  made  them  cry, 
The  reft  ftand  all  aloof  and  bark  at  him. 
So  far'd  our  father  with  his  enemies, 
So  fled  his  enemies  my  warlike  father : 
Methinks,  'tis  prize  enough  to  be  his  fori. 
See,  how  the  Morning  opes  her  golden  gates, 
And  cakes  her  farewel  of  the  glorious  Sun ; 
How  well  refembles  it  the  prime  of  youth, 
Trim'd  like  a  yonker  prancing  to  his  love  ? 

Edw.  Dazzle  mine  eyes  ?  or  do  I  fee  three  Suns  ? 

Rich.  Three  glorious  Suns,  each  one  a  perfect  Sun  j 
Not  feparated  with  the  racking  clouds^ 
But  fever'd  in  a  pale  clear-mining  sky. 
See,  fee,  they  join,  embrace,  and  feem  to  kifs  5 
As  if  they  vow'd  fome  league  inviolable  : 
Now  are  they  but  one  lamp,  one  light,  one  Sun. 
In  this  the  Heaven  figures  fome  event. 

Edw.    'Tis  wondrous  ftrange,    the   like   yet    never 
heard  of. 
I  think,  it  cites  us,  brother,  to  the  Meld  ; 
That  we  the  fons  of  brave  Plantagenet,  #» 

Each  one  already  blazing  by  our  meeds, 
Should  notwithftanding  join  our  lights  together, 
And  over-mine  the  earth,  as  This  the  world. 
Whate'er  it  bodes,  henceforward  will  I  bear 
Upon  my  target  three  fair  mining  Suns. 

Rich.  Nay,  bear  three  Daughters: — by  your  leave,  I 
fpeak  it, 
You  love  the  Breeder  better  than  the  Male. 

Enter  a  Meffenger. 

But  what  art  thou,  whofe  heavy  looks  foretell 
Some  dreadful  flory  hanging  on  thy  tongue  ? 

Mef.  Ah  !  One  that  was  a  woful  looker  on, 
When  as  the  noble  Duke  of  York  was  (lain ; 
Your  princely  father,  and  my  loving  lord. 

Edw-.  Oh,  fpeak  no  more  !  for  I  have  heard  too  much. 

Rich.  Say,  how  he  dy'd  -,  for  I  will  hear  it  all. 

Vol.  IV.  X  Mef 


3 1 1  Tloe  Third  Tart  of 

Mef.  Environed  he  was  with  many  foes, 
And  flood  againft  them,  as  the  Hope  of  Troy 
Againft  the  Greeks  that  would  have  entred  Troy. 
But  Hercules  himfelf  muft  yield  to  odds ; 
And  many  ftroaks,  though  with  a  little  ax, 
Hew  down  and  fell  the  hardeft-timber'd  oak. 
By  many  hands  your  father  was  ftibdu'd, 
But  only  flaughter'd  by  the  ireful  arm 
Of  unrelenting  Clifford  and  the  Queen; 
Who  crown'd  the  gracious  Duke  in  high  defpight ; 
Laugh'd  in  his  face  ;  and  when  with  grief  he  wept, 
The  ruthlefs  Queen  gave  him,  to  dry  his  cheek, 
A  napkin  fteeped  in  the  harmlefs  blood 
Of  fweet  young  Rutland,  by  rough  Clifford  (lain : 
And  after  many  fcorns,  many  foul  taunts, 
They  took  his  head,  and  on  the  gates  of  Tork 
They  fet  the  fame  ;  and  there  it  doth  remain 
The  faddeft  fpeclacle  that  e'er  I  view'd. 

Edw.  Sweet  Duke  of  York,  our  prop  to  lean  upon  ! 
Now  thou  art  gone,  we  have  no  ftaff,  no  flay. 
Oh  Clifford,  boift'rous  Clifford!  thou  haft  (lain 
The  flower  of  Europe  for  his  Chivalry, 
And  treacheroufly  haft  thou  vanquifh'd  him  ; 
For,  hand  to  hand,  he  would  have  vanquifh'd  thee. 
Now  my  foul's  Palace  is  become  a  Prifon : 
Ah,  would  me  break  from  hence,  that  this  my  body 
Might  in  the  ground  be  clofed  up  in  Reft  ! 
For  never  henceforth  fhall  I  joy  again, 
Never,  oh  never,  fhall  I  fee  more  joy. 

Rich.  I  cannot  weep ;  for  all  my  body's  moifture 
Scarce  ferves  to  quench  my  furnace-burning  heart : 
Nor  can  my  tongue  unload  my  heart's  great  burthen  : 
For  felf-fame  wind,  that  I  mould  fpeak  withal, 
Is  kindling  coals  that  fire  up  all  my  breaft  ; 
And  burn  me  up  with  flames,  that  tears  would  quench. 
To  weep,  is  to  make  lefs  the  depth  of  grief: 
Tears  then  for  babes  •,  blows  and  revenge  for  me  ! 
Richard,  I  bear  thy  name  ;  I'll  venge  thy  death  j 
Or  die  renowned  by  attempting  it. 


Edit 


King  Henry  VI.  323 

Edw.'His  Name  that  valiant  Duke  hath  left  with  thee : 
His  Dukedom  and  his  Chair  with  me  is  left. 

Rich.  Nay,  if  thou  be  that  princely  Eagle's  bird, 
Shew  thy  Defcent,  by  gazing  'gainft  the  Sun : 
For  Chair  and  Dukedom,  Throne  and  Kingdom  fay  ; 
Either  That's  thine,  or  elfe  thou  wert  not  his. 

March.     Enter  Warwick,    Marquis  of  Montague,    and 

their  army. 

War.  How  now,   fair  lords  ?   what  fare  ?  what  news 
abroad  ? 

Rich.  Great  lord  oi  Warwick,  if  we  mould  recount 
Our  baleful  news,  and  at  each  words  deliv' ranee 
Stab  poniards  in  our  flefh  till  all  were  told  ; 
The  words  would  add  more  anguifh  than  the  wounds. 

0  valiant  lord,  the  Duke  of  York  is  flain. 

Edw.  O  Warwick !  Warwick !  That  Plantagenety 
Which  held  thee  dearly  as  his  foul's  redemption, 
Is  by  the  ftern  lord  Clifford  done  to  death. 

War.  Ten  days  ago  I  drown'd  thefe  news  in  tears  ; 
And  now,  to  add  more  meafure  to  your  woes, 

1  come  to  tell  you  things  fith  then  befaln. 
After  the  bloody  Fray  at  Wakefield  fought, 
Where  your  brave  father  breath'd  his  latefl  gafp, 
Tidings,  as  fwiftly  as  the  Poft  could  run, 
Were  brought  me  of  your  lofs  and  his  depart. 

I  then  in  London,  keeper  of  the  King, 
Mufter'd  my  foldiers,  gather'd  flocks  of  friends  ; 
March'd  towards  St.  Albans  t/  intercept  the  Queen  % 
Bearing  the  King  in  my  behalf  along : 
For  by  my  fcouts  I  was  advertifed 
That  She  was  coming,  with  a  full  intent 
To  dafti  our  late  decree  in  Parliament, 
Touching  King  Henrfs  oath,  and  your  fuccelBon: 
Short  Tale  to  make,  we  at  St.  Albans  met, 
Our  battels join'd,  and  both  fides  fiercely  fought: 
But  whether  'twas  the  coldnefs  of  the  King, 
Who  look'd  full  gently  on  his  warlike  Queen, 
That  robb'd  my  foldiers  of  their  heated  fpleen ; 
Or  whether  'twas  report  of  her  fuccefs, 

X  z  Or 


324  ffl>e  Third  Tart  of 

Or  more  than  common  fear  of  Clifford's  rigour, 
Who  thunders  to  his  Captives  blood  and  death, 
I  cannot  judge  :  but  to  conclude  with  truth, 
Their  weapons,  like  to  lightning,  came  and  went  \ 
Our  foldiers,  like  the  night-owl's  lazy  flight, 
Or  like  a  lazy  thrafher  with  a  flail, 
Fell  gently  down,  as  if  they  ftruck  their  friends. 
I  cheer'd  them  up  with  juftice  of  our  Caufe, 
"With  promife  of  high  Pay  and  great  Reward ; 
But  all  in  vain,  they  had  no  heart  to  fight ; 
And  we,  in  them,  no  hope  to  win  the  day  ', 
So  that  we  fled  ;  the  King  unto  the  Queen  ; 
Lord  George  your  brother,  Norfolk,  and  my  felf, 
In  hafte,  poft-hafte,  are  come  to  join  with  you : 
For  in  the  Marches  here  we  heard  you  were, 
Making  another  head  to  fight  again. 

Edw.  Where  is  the  Duke  of  Norfolk,  gentle  Warwick  ? 
'And  when  came  George  from  Burgundy  to  England  ? 

War.  Some  fix  miles  off  the  Duke  is  with  his  Power ; 
And  for  your  brother,  he  was  lately  fent 
From  your  kind  Aunt,  Dutchefs  of  Burgundy, 
With  aid  of  foldiers  to  this  needful  war. 

Rich.  'T was  odds,  belike,  when  valiant  Warwick  fled  ; 
Oft  have  I  heard  his  praifes  in  purfuit, 
But  ne'er,  till  now,  his  fcandal  of  retire. 

War.  Nor  now  my  fcandal,  Richard,  doft  thou  hear  : 
For  thou  fhalt  know,  this  ftrong  right  hand  of  mine 
Can  pluck  the  Diadem  from  faint  Henry's  head, 
And  wring  the  awful  fcepter  frtfm  his  fift  j 
Were  he  as  famous  and  as  bold  in  war, 
As  he  is  fam'd  for  mildnefs,  peace  and  prayer. 

Rich.  I  know  it  well,  lord  Warwick  ;  blame  me  not ; 
*Tis  lov£,  I  bear  thy  glories,  makes  me  fpeak. 
But  in  this  troublous  time  what's  to  be  done  ? 
Shall  we  go  throw  away  our  coats  of  fteel, 
And  wrap  our  bodies  in  black  mourning  gowns, 
Numb'ring  our  Ave  Maries  with  our  beads  ? 
Or  fhall  we  on  the  helmets  of  our  foes 
Tell  our  devotion  with  revengeful  arms  ? 
If  for  the  laft,  fay,  ay  *  and  to  it,  lords. 

War* 


Henry  VI.  ji'j 

War .  Why,  therefore  Warwick  came  to  feek  you  out ; 
And  therefore  comes  my  brother  Montague. 
Attend  me,  lords :  the  proud  infulting  Queen, 
With  Clifford,  and  the  haught  Northumberland^ 
And  of  their  feather  many  more  proud  birds, 
Have  wrought  the  eafie-meltingKing,  like  wax. 
He  fwore  confent  to  your  fucceiTion, 
His  oath  enrolled  in  the  Parliament : 
And  now  to  London  all  the^crew  are  gone, 
To  fruftrate  both  his  oath,  and  what  befide 
May  make  againft  the  Houfe  of  Lancafter. 
Their  Power,  I  think,  is  thirty  thoufand  ftrong : 
Now  if  the  help  of  Norfolk  and  my  felf, 
With  all  the  friends  that  thou,  brave  Earl  of  Marchy 
Amongft  the  loving  Weljh?nen  canft  procure, 
Will  but  amount  to  five  and  twenty  thoufand : 
Why,  Via !  to  London  will  we  march  amaine  ; 
And  once  again  beflride  our  foaming  fleeds, 

And  once  again  cry,  Charge  upon  our  foes ! . 

But  never  once  again  turn  Back,  and  fly. 

Rich.  Ay,  now,  methinks,  I  hear  Great  Warwick  (peak  i 
Ne'er  may  he  live  to  fee  a  fun-fhine  day, 
That  cries,  retire, if 'Warwick  bid  him  flay. 

Edw.  Lord  Warwick^  on  thy  fhoulder  will  I  lean, 
And  when  thou  fail'ft,  (as  God  forbid  the  hour !) 
Mull  Edward  fall,  which  peril  heav'n  forefend ! 

War.  No  longer  Earl  of  March,  but  Duke  of  York  \ 
The  next  degree  is  England's  royal  Throne:    A 
For  King  of  England  (halt  thou  be  proclaim'd 
In  every  borough  as  we  pafs  along  : 
And  he,  that  throws  not  up  his  cap  for  joy, 
Shall  for  the  fault  make  forfeit  of  his  head. 
King  Edward,  valiant  Richard,  Montague, 
Stay  we  no  longer,  dreaming  of  Renown  ; 
But  found  the  trumpets,  and  about  our  task. 

Rich.  Then,  Clifford,  were  thy  heart  as  hard  as  fleet, 
As  thou  haft  fhewn  it  flinty  by  thy  deeds, 
I  come  to  pierce  it,  or  to  give  thee  mine. 

Edwt  Then  flrike  up,  drums  ;   God  and  St.  George 
for  us ! 

X  3  EnUr 


^6  the  Third  'Part  of 

Enter  a  Mejfenger. 

War.  How  now  ?  what  news  ? 

Meff.  The  Duke  of  Norfolk  fends  you  word  by  me, 
The  Queen  is  coming  with  a  puhTant  hoft  ; 
And  craves  your  company  for  fpeedy  counfel. 

War.  Why  then  it  forts  •,  brave  warriors,  let's  away. 

[Exeunt  omnes, 

SCENE  changes  to  York. 

JLnter  King  Henry,  the  ^ueen^  Clifford,  Northumberland, 
and  the  Prince  of  Wales,  with  Drums  and  Trumpets. 

i^^.TAjTELCOME,  my  lord,  to  this  brave  town 

VV  of  Tork. 

Yonder's  the  head  of  that  arch-enemy, 
That  fought  to  be  encompaft  with  your  Crown; 
Doth  not  the  object  cheer  your  heart,  my  lord? 

Jl.  Henry.  Ay,  as  the  rocks  cheer  them,  that  fear  their 
wrack ; 
To  fee  this  fight  it  irks  my  very  foul : 
With-hold  Revenge,  dear  God  •,  'tis  not  my  fault, 
Nor  wittingly  have  I  infring'd  my  vow. 

Clif.  My  gracious  Liege,  this  too  much  lenity 
An$l  harmful  pity  muft  be  laid  afide  :  (9) 
To  whom  do  lions  call  their  gentle  lqoks  ? 
Not  to  the  beaft,  that  would  ufurp  their  den. 
Whofe  hand  is  that  the  foreft  bear  doth  lick  ? 
Not  his,  that  fpoiJs  her  young  before  her  face. 
Who  fcapes  the  lurking  ferpent's  mortal  fting  ? 
Not  he,  that  fets  his  foot  upon  her  back. 
The  fmalleft  worm  will  turn,  being  trodden  on  ; 
And  doves  will  peck  in  fafeguard  of  their  brood. 
Ambitious  Tork  did  level  at  thy  Crown  ; 

(9)  And  hzxvritek  pity  muft  be  laid  afide.']  This  Reading,  I  don't  know 
for  what  Reafon,  was  introduced  by  Mr.  Rcmoe,  and  follow'd  by  Mr. 
Tope:  But  all  the  old  Books  have  it  rightly,  harmful:  meaning,  that 
the  King's  Lenity  and  Pity  were  prejudicial  to  his  Intereft. 

Thou, 


King  Henry   VI.  327 

Thou  fmiling,  while  he  knit  his  angry  brows. 
He  but  a  Duke,  would  have  his  fon  a  King ; 
And  raife  his  hTue,  like  a  loving  fire  ; 
Thou  being  a  King,  bleft  with  a  goodly  fon, 
Didft  yield  confent  to  difinherit  him  ; 
Which  argu'd  thee  a  mod  unloving  father. 
Unreafonable  creatures  feed  their  young  •, 
And  tho  man's  face  be  fearful  to  their  eyes, 
Yet,  in  protection  of  their  tender  ones, 
Who  hath  not  feen  them  (even  with  thofe  wings, 
Which  fometimes  they  have  us'd  with  fearful  flight) 
Make  war  with  him  that  climb' d  unto  their  neft, 
Offering  their  own  lives  in  their  young's  defence  r* 
For  fhame,  my  Liege,  make  them  your  prefident. 
Were  it  not  pity,  that  this  goodly  Boy 
Should  lofe  his  birth-right  by  his  father's  fault ; 
And  long  hereafter  fay  unto  his  child, 
What  my  great  Grandfather  and  Grandfire  got, 
My  carelefs  Father  fondly  gave  away  ! 
Ah,  what  a  fhame  was  this !  look  on  the  boy, 
And  let  his  manly,  face,  which  prornifeth 
Succefsful  fortune,  fteel  thy  melting  heart 
To  hold  thine  own,  and  leave  thine  own  with  him. 
K.  Henry.  Full  well  hath  Clifford  plaid  the  orator, 
Inferring  arguments  of  mighty  force : 
But,  Clifford^  tell  me,  didft  thou  never  hear, 
That  things  ill  got  had  ever  bad  fucccfs  ? 
And  happy  always  was  it  for  that  fon,  (10) 
Whofe  rather  for  his  hoarding  went  to  hell  ? 
I'll  leave  my  fon  my  virtuous  deeds  behind  ; 
And  would,  my  father  had  left  me  no  more ! 

(1  c)  And  happy  always  was  it  fir  that  Son, 
Whofe  Father  for  his  hoarding  went  to  Helli\  Mr.  Rowe  and  Mr.  Pope 
in  this  Pointing  have  err'd  with  fome  of  the  Old  Impreflions,  and  quite 
lubyerted  the  Poet's  Meaning.  They  make  the  King  affert  a  Sentiment* 
which  he,  in  Fatt,  is  calling  in  Queftion.  I  have  reftor'd  the  true  Point- 
ing from  the  Old  Quarto,  which  Mr.  Pope  would  have  us  believe  he  had 
collated.  The  King  would  argue  thus ;  "  Tho  'tis  a  general  Saying, 
u  that  the  Son  is  happy,  whofe  miferly  Father  goes  to  the  Devil ;  yet  is 
"  every  fuch  Son,  without  Exception,  happy,  i©  having  had  fuch  a 
"  parfunonious  Father  ?" 

X  4  For 


%  1 8  The  Third  9 art  of 

For  all  the  reft  is  held  at  fuch  a  rate, 

As  brings  a^thoufand-fold  more  care' to  keep, 

Than  in  poiTeffion  any  jot  of  pleafure. 

Ah,  CQufinr*r*5  would,  thy  bed  friends  did  know 

How  it  doth  grieve  me  that  thy  head  is  here  ' 

$uecn.%  My  lord,  cheer  up  your  fpirits,  our  foes  arc 
nigh ; 

And  this  foft  Courage  makes  your  Followers  faint  • 
You  promis  d  Knighthood  to  our  forward  fon 
Unfheath  your  fword,  and  dub  him  prefently. 
Edward,  kneel  down. 

K  Henry    Edward  Plant  agenet,  arife  a  Knight ; 
And  learn  this  leflbn,  draw  thy  fword  in  Right 
'Prime,;  My  gracious  father,  by  your  kingly  leave, 
I'll  draw  it  as  Apparent  to  the  Crown, 
And  in  that  quarrel  ufe  it  to  the  death 

Clif,  Why,  that  is  fpoken  like  a  toward  Prince. 

Enter  a  Mejfenger. 

Mefi  Royal  Commanders,  be  in  readinefs  ; 
For  with  a  band  of  thirty  thoufand  men 
Comes  Warwick,  backing  of  the  Duke  of  Tori ; 
And  in  the  towns,  as  they  do  march  along 
Proclaims  him  King;  and  many  fly  to  him 
Darraign  your.battel,  for  they  are  at  hand  ' 

Chfi  I  would,  your  Highnefs  would  depart  the  field  \ 
The  Queen  hath  beft  fucceis,  when  you  are  abfent. 

P'v    Ay  good  my  lord,-  and  leave  us  to  our  fortune. 

K.  Henry.  Why,  that's  my  fortune  too  ;  therefore  I'll 
itay. 

North.  Be  it  with  refolution  then  to  fio-ht 
Prince.  My  royal  father,  cheer  thefe  noble  lords, 
And  hearten  thofe  that  fight  in  your  defence: 
Unfheath  your  fword,  good  father;  cry,  St.  George  I 

March,     Enter  Edward,   Warwick,    Richard,  Clarence, 
Norfolk,  Montague,  and  Soldiers. 

Edzv.  Now,  perjurfd  Henry,  wilt  thou  kneel  for  grace, 
And  kt  thy  Diadem  upon  my  head  ; 
pr  bide  the  mortal  fortune  of  the  field? 

Sjueen* 


^Kkg  Henry  VI.  329 

Queen.  Go  rate  thy  minions,  proud  infulting  Boy. 
Becomes  it  thee  to  be  thus  bold  in  terms 
Before  thy  Soveraign  and  thy  lawful  King  ? 

Edw.  I  am  his  King,  and  he  mould  bow  his  knee ; 
[  was  adopted  Heir  by  his  confent ; 
Since  when,  his  oath  is  broke  ;  for  as  I  hear, 
You  that  are  King,  though  he  do  wear  the  Crown, 
Have  caus'd  him  by  new  Ac~t  of  Parliament 
To  blot  out  me,  and  put  his  own  fon  in. 

Clif.  And  reafon  too  : 
Who  fhould  fucceed  the  father,  but  the  fon  ? 

Rich.  Are  you  there,  butcher  ?    O,  I  cannot  fpeak. 

Clif.  Ay,  crook-back,  here  I  ftand  to  anfwer  thee, 
Or  any  he  the  proudeft  of  thy  Sort. 

Rich.  'Twas  you  that  kill'd  young  Rutland,  was  it  not  ? 

Clif.  Ay,  and  old  York,  and  yet  not  fatisfy'd. 

Rich.  For  God's  fake,  lords,  give  Signal  to  the  fight. 

War.    What  fay'ft:  thou,  Henry,  wilt  thou  yield  the; 
Crown  ? 

§'ueen.  Why,  how  now,  long-tongu'd  Warwick,  dare 
you  fpeak  ? 
When  you  and  I  met  at  St.  Albans  laft, 
Yoiir  legs  did  better  fervice  than  your  hands. 

War.  Then  'twas  my  Turn  to  fly,  and  now  'tis  thine. 

Clif.  You  faid  fo  much  before,  and  yet  you  fled. 

War.   'Twas  not  your   valour,    Clifford,     drove   me 
thence. 

North.  No,  nor  your  manhood,   that  durft  make  you 
ftay. 

Rich.  Northumberland,  I  hold  thee  reverently. 

Break  off  the  parle,  for  fcarce  I  can  refrain 
The  execution  of  my  big-fwoln  heart 
Upon  that  Clifford,  that  cruel  child-killer. 

Clif.  I  flew  thy  father,  cali'ft  thou  him  a  child  ? 

Rich.  Ay,  like  a  daftard  and  a  treacherous  coward, 
As  thou  didft  kill  our  tender  brother  Rutland  : 
But,  ere  Sun-fet,  Fll  make  thee  curfe  the  deed. 

K.  Henry.  Have  done  with  words,  my  lords,  and  hear 
me  fpeak. 

Queen.  Defie  them  then,  or  elfe  hold  clofe  thy  lips. 

K.  Henry. 


330  The  Third  Part  of 

K.  Henry.  I  pry'thee,  give  no  limits  to  my  tongue  ; 
I  am  a  King,  and  privileg'd  to  fpeak. 

Clif.  My  Liege,  the  wound,  that  bred  this  meeting 
Cannot  be  cur'd  by  words  ;  therefore  be  ftill.  [here, 

Rich.  Then,  Executioner,  unfheath  thy  fword : 
By  him  that  made  us  all,  I  am  refolv'd 
That  Clifford's  manhood  lyes  upon  his  tongue. 

Edw.  Say,  Henry,  fhall  I  have  my  Right,  or  no? 
A  thoufand  men  have  broke  their  fads  to  day, 
That  ne'er  fhall  dine,  unlefs  thou  yield  the  Crown. 

War.  If  thou  deny,  their  blood  upon  thy  head ! 
For  York  in  juftice  puts  his  armour  on. 

Prince.  If  that  be  right,  which  Warwick  fays  is  right, 
There  is  no  wrong,  but  every  thing  is  right. 

Rich.  Who  ever  got  thee,  there  thy  mother  Hands, 
For,  well  I  wot,  thou  hail  thy  mother's  tongue.         , 

Queen.  But  thou  art  neither  like  thy  fire  nor  dam, 
But  like  a  foul  mif-fhapen  ftigmatick, 
Mark'd  by  the  deftinies  to  be  avoided  ; 
As  venomous  toads,  or  lizards  dreadful  ftings. 

Rich.  Iron  of  Naples  hid  with  Englifh  Gilt, 
Whole  father  bears  the  title  of  a  King, 
(As  if  a  channel  mould  be  call'd  the  fea)  ' 

Sham'ft  thou  not,  kriowing  whence  thou  art  extraughxv 
To  let  thy  tongue  detect  thy  bafe-born  heart  ? 

Edw.  A  wifp  of  ftraw  were  worth  a  thoufand  crowns, 
To  make  this  fhamelefs  Callet  know  her  felf. 
Helen  of  Greece  was  fairer  far  than  thou, 
Although  thy  husband  may  be  Menelaus ; 
And  ne'er  was  Agamemnon's  brother  wrong'd 
By  that  falfe  woman,  as  this  King  by  thee. 
His  father  re  veil' d  in  the  heart  of  France, 
And  tam'd  the  King,  and  made  the  Dauphin  ftoop  : 
And  had  he  match'd  according  to  his  State, 
He  might  have  kept  that  glory  to  this  day. 
But  when  he  took  a  beggar  to  his  bed, 
i^nd  grac'd  thy  poor  Sire  with  his  bridal  day, 
Even  then  that  fun-mine  brew'd  a  fhow'r  for  him, 
That  wafh'd  his  father's  fortunes  forth  of  France, 
And  heap'd  Sedition  on  his  Crown  at  home  : 

For 


King  Henri  VI.  ) j % 

For  what  hath  broach'd  this  tumult,  but  thy  pride  ? 
Hadft  thou  been  meek,  our  Title  ftill  had  fiept ; 
And  we,  in  pity  of  the  gentle  King, 
Had  flipt  our  Claim  until  another  age. 

Cla.  But  when  we  faw,  our  fun-fhine  made  thy  Ipring, 
And  that  thy  fummer  bred  us  no  increafe, 
We  fet  the  ax  to  thy  ufurping  root ; 
And  though  the  edge  hath  fomething  hit  our  felves, 
Yet  know  thou,  fince  we  have  begun  to  ftrike, 
We'll  never  leave  till  we  have  hewn  thee  down, 
Or  bath'd  thy  Growing  with  our  heated  bloods. 

Edw.  And  in  this  refolution  I  defie  thee  5 
Not  willing  any  longer  conference, 
Since  thou  deny'dft  the  gentle  King  to  fpeak. 
Sound  trumpets,  let  our  bloody  Colours  wave, 
And  either  Victory,  or  elfe  a  Grave. 

Queen.  Stay,  Edward 

Edw.  No,  wrangling  Woman,  we'll  no  longer  (lay  : 
Thefe  words  will  coft  ten  thoufand  lives  this  day. 

[Exeunt  omnes. 

SCENE  changes  to  a  Yield  of  Battel  at  Ferri- 
bridge  in  Yorkshire. 

Alarum.     Excurfions.    Enter  Warwick. 

War^V^  O  R  E-fpent  with  toil,  as  runners  with  a  race, 

Jj    I  by  me  down  a  little  while  to  breathe : 
For  ftrokes  receiv'd,  and  many  blows  repaid, 
Have  robb'd  my  ftrong-knit  finews  of  their  ftrength  5 
And,  fpight  of  fpight,  needs  mud  I  reft  a  while. 

Enter  Edward  running. 

Edw.  Smile,  gentle  heav'n  !  or  ftrike,  ungentle  death ! 
For  this  world  frowns,  and  Edward's  Sun  is  clouded. 
War.  How  now,  my  lord,  what  hap  ?   what  hope  of 
good  ? 

Enter 


Jjz  $be  Third  "Part  of 

Enter  Clarence. 

Cla.  Our  hap  is  lofs,  our  hope  but  fad  deipair ; 
Our  ranks  are  broke,  and  ruin  follows  us. 
What  counfel  give  you?   whither  fhall  we  fly  ? 

Edw.  Bootlefs  is  flight,  they  follow  us  with  wings  ;. 
And  weak  we  are,  and  cannot  fhun  purfuit* 

Enter  Richard. 

Rich.   Ah,    Warwick,    why  haft  thou  withdrawn  thy 
felf? 
Thy  brother's  blood  the  thirfty  earth  hath  drunk,  (n) 
Broach'd  with  the  fteely  point  of  Clifford's  lance  : 
And  in  the  very  pangs  of  death  he  cry'd, 
(Like  to  a  difmal  clangor  heard  from  far) 
Warwick ,  revenge  ;  brother,  revenge  my  death. 
So  underneath  the  belly  of  their  deeds, 
That  ftain'd  their  fetlocks  in  his  fmoaking  blood, 
The  noble  Gentleman  gave  up  the  ghoft. 

War.  Then  let  the  earth  be  drunken  with  our  blood  ; 
I'll  kill  my  horfe,  becaufe  I  will  not  fly  : 
Why  ftand  we  like  fqft-hearted  women  here,  > 
Wailing  our  lofifes,  whiles  the  foe  doth  rage  ; 
And  look  upon,  as  if  the  Tragedy 
Were  plaid  in  jeft  by  counterfeiting  Actors  ? 
Here  on  my  knee  I  vow  to  God  above, 
Pll  never  paufe  again,  never  ftand  ftill, 

(n)  Thy  Brother'.;  Blood  the  thirfty  Earth  hath  drunk,]  This  PafTage, 
from  the  Variation  of  the  Copies,  gave  me  no  little  Perplexity.  The 
old  4to  applies  this  Defcription  to  the  Death  of  Salisbury,  Warwick's 
Father.  But  this  was  a  notorious  Deviation  from  the  Truth  of  Hiftory. 
For  the  Earl  of  Salisbury  in  the  Battel  at  Wakefield,  wherein  Richard 
Duke  of  York  loft  his  Life,  was  taken  Prifoner,  beheaded  at  Pom/ret ', 
and  his  Head,  together  with  the  Duke  of  York's,  hVd  over  York-gates. 
Then,  the  only  Brother  of  Warwick,  introduced  in  this  Play,  is  the  Mar- 
quefs  of Mont acute ;  (or  Mount  ague,  as  he  is  call'd  by  our  Author :)  but  he 
does  not  dye,  till  ten  years  after,  in  the  Battel  at  Barnet ;  where  War- 
wick likevvife  was  kili'd.  The  Truth  is,  the  Brother,  here  mentioned, 
is  no  Perfon  in  the  Drama :  and  his  Death  is  only  an  incidental  Piece  of 
Hiftory.  Confulting  the  Chronicles,  upon  this  Action  at  Ferribridge,  I 
find  him  to  have  been  a  natural  Son  of  Salisbury,  (in  that  refpeft,  a, 
Brother  to  Warwick ;)  and  eiteem'd  a  valiant  young  Gentleman. 

Till 


King  H enri  VI.  3 3 f 

Till  either  Death  hath  clos'd  thefe  eyes  of  mine, 
Or  Fortune  given  me  meafure  of  revenge. 

Edw.  O  Warwick,  I  do  bend  my  knee  with  thine, 
And  in  this  vow  do  chain  my  foul  to  thine. 
And  ere  my  knee  rife  from  the  earth's  cold  face, 
I  throw  my  hands,  mine  eyes,  my  heart  to  thee, 
Thou  fetter  up,  and  plucker  down,  of  Kings ! 
Befeeching  thee,  (if  with  thy  will  it  Hands 
That  to  my  foes  this  body  mull  be  prey) 
Yet  that  thy  brazen  gates  of  heav'n  may  ope, 

And  give  fweet  paflage  to  my  finful  foul. 

Now,  lords,  take  Leave  until  we  meet  again  ; 
Where-e'er  it  be,  in  heav'n  or  on  earth. 

Rich,  Brother,  give  me  thy  hand;  and,  gentle War- 
Let  me  embrace  thee  in  my  weary  arms :  [wick9 

I,  that  did  never  weep,  now  melt  with  woe  ; 
That  winter  mould  cut  off  our  fpring- time  fo. 

War.  Away,  away :  once  more,  fweet  lords,  farewel. 

Cla.  Yet  let  us  all  together  to  our  troops  \ 
And  give  them  leave  to  fly,  that  will  not  flay  j 
And  call  them  pillars,  that  will  ftand  to  us  \ 
And  if  we  thrive,  promife  them  fuch  rewards, 
As  Victors  wear  at  the  Olympian  Games. 
This  may  plant  courage  in  their  quailing  breafts, 
For  yet  is  hope  of  life  and  victory ; 
Fore-flow  no  longer,  make  we  hence  amain.        [Exeunt. 

Excurfions.     Enter  Richard,  and  Clifford. 

Rich.  Now,  Clifford^  I  have  fingled  thee  alone ; 
Suppofe,  this  arm  is  for  the  Duke  of  Fork, 
And  this  for  Rutland,  both  bound  to  revenge, 
Wert  thou  environ'd  with  a  brazen  wall. 

Clif.  Now,  Richard,  I  am  with  thee  here  alone, 
This  is  the  hand,  that  flabb'd  thy  father  Tork ; 
And  this  the  hand,  that  flew  thy  brother  Rutland  ; 
And  here's  the  heart,  that  triumphs  in  their  death  ; 
And  cheers  thefe  hands,  that  flew  thy  fire  and  brother, 
To  execute  the  like  upon  thy  felf: 
And  fo,  have  at  thee, 

3  ttey 


334  The  Third  Tart  of  1 

they  fight.    Warwick  enters,  Clifford  flies. 

Rich.  Nay,  Warwick,  fingle  out  fome  other  chafe, 
h2W     For  I  my  felf  will  hunt  this  wolf  to  death.  [Exeunt** 

Alarum.     Enter  King  Henry  alone. 

Kc  Henry.  This  battle  fares  like  to  the  morning's  war,  ] 
When  dying  clouds  contend  with  growing  light ; 
What  time   the  fhepherd,  blowing  of  his  nails, 
Can  neither  call  it  perfect  day  nor  night. 
Now  fways  it  this  way,  like  a  mighty  fea 
Forc'd  by  the  tide  to  combat  with  the  wind  : 
Now  fways  it  that  way,  like  the  felf-fame  fea 
Forc'd  to  retire  by  fury-of  the  wind. 
Sometime,  the  floocf  prevails  ;  and  then,  the  wind ; 
Now,  one  the  better  ;  then,  another  beft  ; 
Both  tugging  to  be  victors,  bread  to  bread, 
Yet  neither  conqueror,  nor  conquered ; 
So  is  the  equal  poize  of  this  fell  war. 
Here  on  this  mole-hill  will  I  fit  me  down  : 
To  whom  God  will,  there  be  the  victory  ! 
For  Margaret  my  Queen  and  Clifford  too 
Have  chid  me  from  the  battel ;  fwearing  both. 
They  profper  beft  of  all  when  I  am  thence. 
Would  I  were  dead,  if  God's  good  will  were  fo  : 
For  what  is  in  this  world  but  grief  and  woe  ? 
O  God !    methinks,  it  were  a  happy  life 
To  be  no  better  than  a  homely  fwain  5 
To  fit  upon  a  hill,  as  I  do  now, 
To  carve  out  dials  queintly,  point  by  point, 
Thereby  to  fee  the  minutes  how  they  run : 
How  many  makes  the  hour  full  compleat, 
How  many  hours  bring  about  the  day, 
How  many  days  will  finifh  up  the  year, 
How  many  years  a  mortal  man  may  live. 
When  this  is  known,  then  to  divide  the  time  % 
So  many  hours,  muft  I  tend  my  flock  ; 
So  many  hours,  muft  I  take  my  Reft  ; 
So  many  hours,  muft  I  contemplate  ; 
So  many  hours,  muft  I  fport  my  felf  5 

f  So 


King  Henry  VI.  335 

So  many  days,  my  ewes  have  been  with  young ; 
So  many  weeks,  ere  the  poor  fools  will  yean  ; 
So  many  months,  ere  I  (hall  (heer  the  fleece  : 
So  minutes,  hours,  days,  weeks,  months  and  years, 
Paft  over,  to  the  end  they  were  created, 
Would  bring  white  hairs  unto  a  quiet  grave. 
Ah  !  what  a  life  were  this !  how  fweet,  how  lovely  ! 
Gives  not  the  haw-thorn  bufh  a  fweeter  fhade 
To  fhepherds  looking  on  their  filly  fheep, 
Than  doth  a  rich-embroider'd  canopy 
To  Kings,  that  fear  their  Subjects  treachery  ? 
O,  yes,  it  doth  ;  a  thoufand-fold  it  doth. 
And  to  conclude,  the  fhepherd's  homely  curds, 
His  cold  thin  drink  out  of  his  leather  bottle,  jf 

His  wonted  fleep  under  a  frefh  tree's  fhade, 
All  which  fecure  and  fweetly  he  enjoys, 
Is  far  beyond  a  Prince's  delicates, 
His  viands  fparkling  in  a  golden  cup, 
His  body  couched  in  a  curious  bed, 
When  care,  miftruft  and  treafons  wait  on  him. 

• 
Alarum.    Jfyiter  a  Son9  that  had  kilPd  his  Father, 

Son.  Ill  blows  the  wind,  that  profits  no  body. 

This  man,  whom  hand  to  hand  I  flew  in  fight, 
May  be  pofleffed  with  fome  ftore  of  crowns ; 
And  I  that,  haply,  take  them  from  him  now, 
May  yet,  ere  night,  yield  both  my  life  and  them 
To  fome  man  elfe,  as  this  dead  man  doth  me. 
Who's  this  !  oh  God  !  it  is  my  father's  face, 
Whom  in  this  conflict  I  unwares  have  kill'd : 
Oh  heavy  times,  begetting  fuch  events  ! 
From  London  by  the  King  was  I  preft  forth  ; 
My  father,  being  the  Earl  of  Warwick's  man, 
Came  on  the  part  of  York,  preft  by  his  matter  ; 
And  I,  who  at  his  hands  receiv'd  my  life, 
Have  by  my  hands  of  life  bereaved  him. 
Pardon  me,  God,  I  knew  not  what  I  did  ; 
And  pardon,  father,  for  I  knew  not  thee. 
My  tears  mall  wipe  away  thefe  bloody  marks  : 
And  no  more  words,  till  they  have  flow'd  their  fill. 

K.  Henry, 


3  5  6  The  Third  Tart  of 

K.  Henry.  O  piteous  fpectacle  !  O  bloody  times ! 
Whiles  lions  war  and  battle  for  their  dens, 
Poor  harmlefs  lambs  abide  their  enmity. 
Weep,  wretched  man,  I'll  aid  thee  tear  for  tear  ; 
And  let  our  hearts  and  eyes,  like  civil  war, 
Be  blind  with  tears,  and  break  o'er-charg'd  with  grief. 

Enter  a  Father,  bearing  his  Son. 

Fatb.  Thou,  that  fo  ftoutly  haft  refilled  me, 
Give  me  thy  gold,  if  thou  haft  any  gold  : 
For  I  have  bought  it  with  an  hundred  blows. 
But  let  me  fee  :  is  this  our  foe-man's  face  ? 
Ah,  no,  no,  no,  it  is  my  only  fon  ! 
Ah,  boy,  if  any  life  be  left  in  thee, 
Throw  up  thine  eyes  ;  fee,  fee,  what  fhowers  arife, 
Blown  with  the  windy  tempeft  of  my  heart 
Upon  thy  wounds,  that  kill  mine  eye  and  heart. 
O  pity,  God,  this  miferable  age  ! 
What  ftratagems,  how  fell,  how  butcherly, 
Erroneous,  mutinous,  and  unnatural, 
This  deadly  quarrel  daily  doth  beget  ! 
O  boy  !  thy  father  gave  thee  life  too  foon, 
And  hath  bereft  thee  of  thy  life  too  late. 

K.  Henry.  Woe  above  woe  ;   grief,   more  than  com- 
mon grief; 
O,  that  my  death  would  ftay  thefe  rueful  deeds ! 
O  pity,  pity,  gentle  heaven,  pity  ! 
The  red  Rofe  and  the  white  are  on  his  face, 
The  fatal  Colours  of  our  driving  Houfes. 
The  one  his  purple  blood  right  well  refembles, 
The  other  his  pale  cheek,  methinks,  prefenteth : 
Wither  one  Rofe,  and  let  the  other  fiourifh  ! 
If  you  contend,  a  thoufand  lives  muft  wither. 

Son.  How  will  my  mother,  for  a  father's  death, 
Take  on  with  me,  and  ne'er  be  fatisfy'd  ? 

Fatb.  How  will  my  wife,  for  (laughter  of  my  fon, 
Shed  Teas  of  tears,  and  ne'er  be  fatisfy'd  ?  [chances, 

K.  Henry.  How    will    the  country,    for   thefe    woful 
Mif-think  the  King,  and  not  be  fatisfy'd  ? 

Son.  Was  ever  fon,  fo  ru'd  a  father's  death  ? 

Fatb. 


King  HenHy  VI.  H7, 

Path.  Was  ever  father,  fo  bemoan'd  his  fon  ?         v 

K.  Henry.  Was  ever  King,  fo  griev'd  for  Subjects  woe  ? 
Much  is  your  forrow ;  mine,  ten  times  fo  much. 

Son.  I'll  bear  thee  hence,  where  I  may  weep  my  fill. 

[Exit. 

Path.  Thefe  arms  of  mine  (hall  be  thy  winding- fheet, 
My  heart,  fweet  boy,  mail  be  thy  fepulcher  •, 
For  from  my  heart  thine  image  ne'er  (hall  go. 
My  fighing  breaft  mail  be  thy  funeral  bell : 
And  fo  obfequious  will  thy  father  be* 
Sad  for  the  lofs  of  thee,  having  no  more, 
As  Priam  was  for  all  his  valiant  fons. 
I'll  bear  thee  hence,  and  let  them  fight  that  will ; 
For  I  have  murther'd,  where  I  "fhould  not  kill.        [Exit; 

K.  Henry.    Sad-hearted    men,     much  overgone    with, 
care  ; 
Here  fits  a  King  more  woful  than  you  are. 

Alarums.    Excurftons.     Enter  the  Queen*  Prince  of  Wales, 

and  Exeter. 

Prince.  Fly,  father,  fly,  for  all  your  friends  are  fled  ; 
And  Warwick  rages  like  a  chafed  bull  : 
Away  !  for  death  doth  hold  us  in  purfuit. 

Queen.  Mount  you,    my  lord,  towards  Berwick  poffc 
amain. 
Edward  and  Richard,  like  a  brace  of  grey-hounds 
Having  the  fearful  flying  hare  in  fight, 
With  fiery  eyes  fparkling  for  very  wrath, 
And  bloody  fteel  grafpt  in  their  ireful  hands,- 
Are  at  our  backs  ;  and  therefore  hence  amain. 

Exe.  Away  •,  for  vengeance  comes  along  with  them* 
Nay,  (lay  not  to  expoftulate,  make  fpecd : 
Or  elfe  come  after^  I'll  away  btfore.  [Exeter  -, 

K.  Henry.   Nay,    take    me    with    thee,     good  fweeC 
Not  that  I  fear  to  (lay,  but  love  to  go 
Whither  the  Queen  intends.    Forward,  away  !    [Exeunt. 

Vol.  IV.  Y  A 


1 3  8  The  Third  Tart  of 

A  loud  Alarum,    Enter  Clifford  wounded.  (12) 

Clif.  Here  burns  my  candle  out  •,  ay,  here  it  dies, 
Which,  while  it  lafted,  gave  King  Henry  light. 
O  .Lancafter  !  I  fear  thy  overthrow, 
More  than  my  body's  parting  with  my  foul. 
My  love  and  fear  glew'd  many  friends  to  thee  ;  [Falling. 
And,  now  I  fall,  thy  tough  commixtures  melt, 
Impairing  Henry,  ftrengthning  mif-proud  York. 
The  common  People  fwarm  like  fummer  flies  ;  (13) 
And  whither  fly  the  gnats,  but  to  the  Sun  ? 
And  who  fhines  now,  but  Henry9s  enemies? 
O  Phoebus  I  hadft  thou  never  giv'n  confent 
That  Phaeton  fhould  check  thy  fiery  fteeds, 
Thy  burning  Car  had  never  fcorch'd  the  earth : 
And  Henry,  hadft  thou  fway'd  as  Kings  lhould  do, 
Or  as  thy  father  and  his  father  did, 
Giving  no  ground  unto  the  Houfe  of  York, 
They  never  then  had  fprung  like  fummer  flies. 
I,  and  ten  thoufand  in  this  lucklefs  Realm, 
Had  left  no  mourning  widows  for  our  death  ; 

(12)  Enter  Clifford  woutided."]  In  the  ift  Quarto,  there  is  this  Circum- 
ftance  added ;  Enter  Clifford  wounded,  with  an  Arrow  in  his  Neck.  The 
Players,  in  their  Edition,  had  Reafon  to  make  a  Retrenchment  of  this; 
for,  no  doubt,  'twas  a  point  of  Ridicule  to  fee  an  Actor  come  upon  the 
Stage  to  die,  with  an  Arrow  fixt  in  his  Neck.  And  this  Paffage  I  find 
rallied  by  Beaumont  and  Fletcher  in  their  Knight  of  the  Burning  Pejlle. 
For  Ralph,  the  Grocer's  Prentice,  is  there  introduc'd,  with  a  forked 
Arrow  through  his  Head\  and  makes  along  burlefque  Harangue  in  atj 
bantering  Imitation  of  Clifford's  Speech  here.  Take  a  fhort  Sample  of 
his  lafl  dying  Words. 

Farewell,  all  you  good  Boys  in  merry  London, 

Nerejhallwe  more  upon  Shrovetuefday  meet, 

And  pluck  down  Houfes  of  Iniquity. 

My  Pain  encreafeth  : — /  Jhall  never  more 

Hold  open,  whiljl  Another  pumps  both  Legs  i 

Nor  daub  a  Sattin  Gown  with  rotten  Eggs. 

Set  up  a  Stake,  oh,  never  more  I  Jhall; 

I  ays :  fy,  fly,  my  Soul,  to  Grocer's  Hall.  Dyes. 

(13)  The  common  People  fwarm  like  Summer  flies .]  This  Line,  which  U 
a  neceffary  Introduction  to  That  which  follows,  and  which  is  left  out  iA, 
all  the  other  Impreffions,  I  have  reftor'd  from  the  Old  Quarto. 

And 


King  Henry  VI.  33'g 

And  thou  this  day  hadft  kept  thy  Chair  in  peace. 
For  what  doth  cherifh  Weeds,   but  gentle  air  ? 
And  what  makes  robbers  bold,  but  too  much  lenity  ? 
Bootlefs  are  plaints,  and  curelefs  are  my  wounds  ; 
No  way  to  fly,  nor  ftrength  to  hold  out  flight : 
The  foe  is  mercilefs,  and  will  not  pity : 
For  at  their  hands  I  have  deferv'd  no  pity. 
The  air  hath  got  into  my  deadly  wounds, 
And  much  Effufe  of  blood  doth  make  me  faint : 
Come  Fork,  and  Richard  ;  Warwick,  and  the  reft  ; 
I  ftabb'd  your  fathers  'bofoms ;   fplit  my  br,eaft. 

[He  faints. 

Alarum,  and  Retreat.     Enter  Edward,  Warwick,  Ri- 
chard,  Montague,  Clarence,  and  Soldiers. 

Edw.  Now  breathe  we,   lords,  good  fortune  bids  us 
paufe ; 
And  fmooth  the  frowns  of  war  with  peaceful  looks. 
Some  troops  purfue  the  bloody-minded  Queen, 
That  led  calm  Henry ,  though  he  were  a  King, 
As  doth  a  Sail,  fill'd  with  a  fretting  guft, 
Command  an  Argofie  to  Item  the  waves. 
But  think  you,  lords,  that  Clifford  fled  with  them  ? 

War.  No,  'tis  impofiible  he  mould  efcape  : 
For  though  before  his  face  I  fpeak  the  word, 
Your  brother  Richard  mark'd  him  for  the  grave ; 
And  wherefoe'er  he  is,   he's  furely  dead. 

[Clifford  groans. 

Rich.  Whofe  foul  is  that,  which  takes  her  heavy  leave  ? 
A  deadly  groan,  like  life  and  death's  departing. 
See  who  it  is. 

Edw.  And  now  the  battel's  ended, 
If  friend  or  foe,  let  him  be  gently  ufed. 

Rich.  Revoke  that  doom  of  mercy,  for  'tis  Clifford  5 
Who  not  contented  that  he  lopp'd  the  branch, 
In  hewing  Rutland  when  his  leaves  put  forth  ; 
But  fet  his  murth'ring  knife  unto  the  root 
From  whence  that  tender  fpray  did  fweetly  fpring  5 
I  .mean,  our  princely  father,  Duke  of  Torh 

Y  2  War, 


}4°  'the  Third  'Part  of 

War.  From  off  the  gates  of  Tcrk  fetch  down  the  head, 
Your  father's  head,  which  Clifford  placed  there  : 
Inftead  whereof,  let  his  fupply  the  room. 
Meafure  for  meafure  muft  be  anfwered. 

Edw.  Bring  forth  that  fatal  fcreech-owl  to  Our  Houfe, 
That  nothing  fung  but  death  to  us  and  ours  : 
Now  death  fhall  (Top  his  difmal  threatning  found, 
And  his  ill-boading  tongue  no  more  (hall  fpeak. 

War.  I  think,  his  underftanding  is  bereft : 
Speak,  Clifford)  doft  thou  know  who  fpeaks  to  thee  ? 
Dark  cloudy  death  o'er-(hades  his  beams  of  life, 
And  he  nor  fees,  nor  hears  us  what  we  fay. 

Rich.  O,  would  he  did !  and  fo,  perhaps,  he  doth. 
9Tis  but  his  policy  to  counterfeit ; 
Becaufe  he  would  avoid  fuch  bitter  taunts, 
As  in  the  time  of  death  he  gave  our  father. 

Cla.  If  fo  thou  think'ft,  vex  him  with  eager  words. 

Rich.  Clifford^  ask  mercy,  and  obtain  no  grace. 

Edw.  Clifford^  repent  in  bootlefs  penitence. 

War.  Clifford,  devife  excufes  for  thy  faults. 

Cla.  While  we  devife  fell  tortures  for  thy  faults. 

Rich.  Thou  didft  love  Fork,  and  I  am  fon  to  Tork. 

Edw.  Thou  pitied'ft  Rutland)  I  will  pity  thee. 

Cla.  Where's  Captain  Margaret  to  fence  you  now? 

War.  They  mock  thee,  Clifford ;   fwear,  as  thou  waft 
wont. 

Rich.  What,  not  an  oath  !  nay,  then  the  world  goes 
hard, 
When  Clifford  cannot  fpare  his  friends  an  oath  : 
1  know  by  that,  he's  dead  ;  and,  by  my  foul, 
If  this  right  hand  would  buy  but  two  hours  life, 
That  I  in  all  defpight  might  rail  at  him, 
This  hand  fhould  chop  it  off ;  and  with  the  iffuing  blood 
Stifle  the  villain,  whofe  unftanched  thirft 
Tork  and  young  Rutland  could  not  fatisfie. 

War.  Ay,  but  he's  dead.     Off  with  the  traitor's  head, 
And  rear  it  in  the  place  your  father's  (lands. 
And  now  to  London  with  triumphant  March, 
There  to  be  crowned  England's  royal  King  : 
From  whence  fhall  Warwick  cut  the  Sea  to  France* 

And 


King  Henri  VI.  $41 

And  ask  the  lady  Bona  for  thy  Queen. 

So  malt  thou  finew  both  thefe  lands  together. 

And  having  France  thy  friend,  thou  fhalt  not  dread 

The  fcatter'd  foe  that  hopes  to  rife  again  : 

For  though  they  cannot  greatly  fting  to  hurt, 

Yet  look  to  have  them  buz  t'offend  thine  ears. 

Firft,  will  I  fee  the  Coronation  ; 

And  then  to  Britany  I'll  crofs  the  fea, 

T'  effect  this  marriage,  fo  it  pleafe  my  lord. 

Edw.  Ev'n  as  thou  wilt,  fweet  Warwick,  let  it  be  ; 
For  on  thy  moulder  do  I  build  my  Seat : 
And  never  will  I  undertake  the  thing, 
Wherein  thy  counfel,  and  confent,  is  wanting. 
Richard,  I  will  create  thee  Duke  of  Glo'fter  -, 
And  George,  of  Clarence  ;  Warwick  as  our  felf 
Shall  do  and  undo,  as  him  pleafeth  beft. 

Rich.  Let  me  be  Duke  of  Clarence ;  George,  of  Glo'fter ; 
For  Glo'fter9  s  Dukedom  is  too  ominous.  (14.) 

War.  Tut,  that's  a  foolifti  obfervation  : 
Richard,  be  Duke  of  Glo'fttr :  now  to  London, 
To  fee  thefe  honours  in  polTefTion.  [Exeunt. 

(14)  For  Glofter's  Dukedom  is  tea  ominous.']  This  PafTage  feems  fiieer'd 
at  by  B.  Jon/on  in  his  Devil's  an  Afs :  whete  a  foolifh  Fellow  is  duped 
into  the  Opinion  of  being  created  a  Duke. 

Meer-cr.  /  think,  we  hd  found  a  place  to  Jit  you  now,  Sir :  Glou- 
cefter. 

Fitz-dot.  O,  no ;    77/  none, 

Meer-cr.  Why,  Sir  P 

Fitz-dot.  'Tis  fatal. 

Meer-cr.  That  you  fay  right  in.  Spencer,  I  think,  the  younger,  had  his 
lajl  Honour  thence.     But  he  was  but  an  Earl. 

Fitz-dot.  I  know  not  That,  Sir :  But  Thomas  of  Woodftock,  Fm  fure, 
was  Duke ;  and  he  was  made  away  at  Calice,  as  Duke  Humphry  was  at 
Bury  :  And  Richard  the  Third,  you  know,  what  End  he  came  to* 

Meer-cr.  By  my  Faith,  you* re  cunning  in  the  Chronicle,  Sir. 

Fitz-dot.  No,  I  confefs,  I  hd t  from  /^Play-books;  and  think,  thefrt 
more  authentick. 


ACT 


54  i  fhs  Third  Tart  of 


ACT    III. 


SCENE,  a  Wood  in  Lancaflure. 

Enter  Sinklo  and  Humphry,   with  crofs-bows  in  their 

hands. 

Sinklo. 

^CS^NDER  this  thick-grown  brake  we'll  ihroud 
"Sswrae  our  ielves, 

i[sA  U  Ja§  For  through  this  laund  anon  the  Deer  will 
^        '-1  come  ; 


W^m  And  in  this  covert  will  we  make  our  Stand, 
Culling  the  principal  of  all  the  Deer. 

Hu?n.  I'll  flay  above  the  hill,  fo  both  may  moot. 

Sink.  That  cannot  be:  the  noife  of  thy  crofs-bow 
Will  fcare  the  herd,  and  fo  my  fhoot  is  loft  : 
Here  Hand  we  both,  and  aim  we  at  the  beft. 
And,  for  the  time  fhall  not  feem  tedious, 
I'll  tell  thee  what  befel  me  on  a  day, 
In  this  felf-place  where  now  we  mean  to  ftand. 

Hum.  Here  comes  a  man,  let's  ftay  till  he  be  pad. 

Enter  King  Henry,  with  a  prayer-book. 

K.Henry.  From  Scotland  am  I  ftol'n  ev'n  of  pure  love, 
To  greet  mine  own  land  with  my  wifhful  fight : 
No,  Harry^  Harry^  'tis  no  land  of  thine, 
Thy  place  is  fili'd,   thy  fcepter  wrung  from  thee, 
Thy  balm  wafht  off  wherewith  thou  waft  anointed  : 
No  bending  knee  will  call  thee  Cafar  now, 
No  humble  fuitors  prefs  to  fpeak  for  Right  : 
No,  not  a  man  comes  for  redrefs  to  thee  ; 
For  how  can  I  help  them,  and  not  my  felf? 

Sink. 


'King  Henry  VI.  545 

Sink.  Ay,  here's  a  deer,  whofe  skin's  a  keeper's  fee : 
This  is  the  quondam  King,  let's  feize  upon  him. 

K.  Henry.  Let  me  embrace  thefe  four  Adverfities  ; 
For  wife  men  fay,  it  is  the  wifeft  courfe. 

Hum.  Why  linger  we?  let  us  lay  hands  upon  him. 

Sink.  Forbear  a  while,  we'll  hear  a  little  more. 

K.  Henry.  My  Queen    and  Son   are  gone  to  France 
for  aid  : 

And,  as  I  hear,  the  great  commanding  Warwick 
Is  thither  gone  to  crave  the  French  King's  Sifter 
To  wife  for  Edward.     If  this  news  be  true, 
Poor  Queen  and  Son  !  your  labour  is  but  loft : 
For  Warwick  is  a  fubtle  orator  : 
And  Lewis,  a  Prince  foon  won  with  moving  words, 
By  this  account,  then,  Margaret  may  win  him, 
For  (he's  a  woman  to  be  pitied  much  : 
Her  fighs  will  make  a  batt'ry  in  his  bread  ; 
Her  tears  will  pierce  into  a  marble  heart ; 
The  Tyger  will  be  mild,  while  fhe  doth  mourn  ; 
And  Nero  would  be  tainted  with  remorfe, 
To  hear  and  fee  her  plaints,  her  brinifh  tears. 
Ay,  but  Ihe's  come  to  beg,  Warwick  to  give : 
She,  on  his  left  fide,  craving  aid  for  Henry  •> 
He,  on  his  right,  asking  a  wife  for  Edward. 
She  weeps,  and  fays,  her  Henry  is  depos'd  ; 
He  fmiles,  and  fays,  his  Edward  is  inftall'd ; 
That  fhe,  poor  wretch,  for  grief  can  fpeak  no  more  ! 
While  Warwick  tells  his  Title,  fmooths  the  wrong, 
Inferreth  arguments  of  mighty  ftrength, 
And  in  conclufion  wins  the  King  from  her  ; 
With  promife  of  his  fifter,  and  what  elfe, 
To  ftrengthen,  and  fupport,  King  Edward's  place. 
O  Marg'ret,  thus  'twill  be,    and  thou  (poor  foul) 
Art  then  forfaken,  as  thou  went' ft  forlorn. 

Hum.  Say,  what  art  thou  that  talk'ft  of  Kings  and 
Queens  ? 

K.  Henry.  More  than  I  feem,    and   lefs   than  I  was 
born  to  ; 
A  man  at  leaft,  for  lefs  I  mould  not  be  ; 
And  men  may  talk  of  Kings,  and  why  not  I  ? 

Y  4  Hum, 


3  44  ffl*  Third  Tart  of  j 

Hum.  Ay,  but  thou  talk'ft,  as  if  thou  wert  a  King. 

K.  Henry.  Why,  fo  I  am  in  mind,  and  that's  enough. 

Hum.  But  if  thou  be  a  King,  where  is  thy  Crown  ? 

K.Henry.  My  Crown  is  in  my  heart,  not  on  my  head; 
Not  deck'd  with  Diamonds  and  Indian  Stones  \ 
Not  to  be  feen  :  my  Crown  is  call'd  Content  j 
A  Crown  it  is,  that  feldom  Kings  enjoy. 

Hum.  Well,  if  you  be  a  King  crown'd  with  Content, 
Your  Crown  Content,  and  you,  mud  be  contented 
To  go  along  with  us.     For,  as  we  think, 
You  are  the  King,  King  Edward  hath  depos'd  : 
And  we  his  Subjects,  fworn  in  all  allegiance, 
Will  apprehend  you  as  his  enemy. 

K.  Henry.  But  did  you  never  fwear,  and  break  an  oath  ? 

Hum.  No?  never  fuch  an  oath  ;  nor  will  not  now. 

K.  Henry.  Where  did  you  dwell,  when  I  was  King  of 
England  ? 

Hum.  Here,  in  this  country,  where  we  now  remain, 

K.  Henry.  I  was  anointed  King  at  nine  months  old, 
My  father  and  my  grandfather  were  Kings  ; 
And  you  were  fworn  true  Subjects  unto  me  : 
And  tell  me  then,  have  you  not  broke  your  oaths  ? 

Sink.  No,  we  were  Subjects  but  while  you  were  King. 

K.  Henry.  Why,  am  I  dead  ?  do  I  not  breathe,  a  man  ? 
Ah,  fimple  men,  you  know  not  what  you  fwear. 
Look,  as  I  blow  this  feather  from  my  face, 
And  as  the  air  blows  it  to  me  again, 
Obeying  with  my  wind  when  I  do  blow, 
And  yielding  to  another  when  it  blows, 
Commanded  always  by  the  greater  guft  ; 
Such  is  the  lightnefs  of  You  common  men, 
But  do  not  break  your  oaths,  for  of  that  fin 
My  mild  intreaty  mall  not  make  you  guilty. 
Go  where  you  will,  the  King  fhall  be  commanded  ; 
And  be  you  Kings,  command,  and  I'll  obey. 

Sink.  We  are  true  Subjects  to  the  King,  King  Edward. 

JC.  Henry.  So  would  you  be  again  to  Henry y 
If  he  were  feated  as  King  Edward  is. 

Sink.  We  charge  you  in  God's  name,  and  iq  the  King's, 
To  go  with  us  unto  the  officers. 

K.  Henry, 


King  H  e  n  r  t  VI.  345 

K.  Henry.  In  God's  name  lead,    your  King's  name  be 
obey'd  ; 

And  what  God  will,  that  let  your  King  perform  ; 
And  what  he  will,  I  humbly  yield  unto.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to  the  Palace. 

Enter  King  Edward,   Gloucefter,  Clarence,  and  Lady 

Gray. 

K.  Edw.  T3R OTHERof  Glo'Jter^zt  St.  Alban's  field 
JlJ  This  lady's  husband,   Sir  John  Gray,  was 
flain, 
His  land  then  feiz'd  on  by  the  Conqueror : 
Her  fuit  is  now  to  repoffefs  thofe  lands, 
Which  we  in  juftice  cannot  well  deny  ; 
Becaufe,  in  quarrel  of  the  Houfe  of  Fork,  (15) 
The  worthy  gentleman  did  lofe  his  life. 

Glo.  Your  Highnefs  fhall  do  well  to  grant  her  fuit: 
It  were  difhonour  to  deny  it  her. 

K.  Edward.  It  were  no  lefs ;  but  yet  I'll  make  a  paufe. 

Glo.  Yea  !  is  it  fo  ? 
I  fee,  the  lady  hath  a  thing  to  grant, 
Before  the  King  will  grant  her  humble  fuit. 

Clar.  He  knows  the  game  ;  how  true  he  keeps  the  wind  ? 

Glo.  Silence. 

K.  Edw.  Widow,  we  will  confider  of  your  fuit, 
And  come  fome  other  time  to  know  our  mind. 

(15)  Becaufe,  in  Quarrel  of  the  Houfe  of  York, 
The  worthy  Gentleman  did  lofe  his  Life.]  I  am  afraid,  our  Poet  puts  falfe 
Colours  on  the  Death  of  Sir  John  Gray,  to  palliate  King  Edward's  Mar- 
riage with  the  Widow.  Sir  John  Gray  was  flain  at  the  laft  Battel  of  St. 
Albans,  by  the  Power  of  King  Edward ;  as  Hall  exprefsly  fays :  fo  that 
He  was  in  Queen  Margaret^  Army,  and  really  {lain  on  the  Quarrel  of 
Lancafier.  And  King  Et&vartfs  Queen,  in  Richard  111.  is  reproach*d 
with  this  by  Gloucejier. 

In  all  which  Time  you  and  your  Hush  and  Gray 

W ere  factious  for  the  Houfe  of  Lancafter. 
Was  not  your  Husband 

In  MargretV  Battel  at  St.  Alban's  flain  ? 

Gray 


34<*  $be  Third  Tart  of 

Gray,  Right  gracious  lord,  I  cannot  brook  delay. 
May't  pleafe  your  Highnefs  to  refolve  me  now  ? 
And  what  your  Pleafure  is,  fhall  fatisfie  me. 

Glo.  Ay,  widow?  then  I'll  warrant  you  all  your  lands, 
An  if  what  pleafes  him,  fhall  pleafure  you  : 
Fight  clofer,  or,  good  faith,  you'll  catch  a  blow. 

Clar.  I  fear  her  not,  unlefs  fhe  chance  to  fall. 

Glo.  God  forbid  That !  for  he'll  take  vantages. 

K.  Edw.  How  many  children  haft  thou,  widow  ?  tell 
me. 

Clar.  I  think,  he  means  to  beg  a  child  of  her. 

Glo,  Nay,  whip  me  then :  he'll  rather  give  her  two. 

Gray.  Three,  my  mod  gracious  lord. 

Glo.  You  fhall  have  four,  if  you'll  be  rul'd  by  him. 

K.  Edw.    'Twere  pity  they  mould  lofe  their  father's 
lands. 

Gray.  Be  pitiful,  dread  lord,  and  grant  it  then. 

K.  Edw.  Lords,  give  us  leave ;  I'll  try  this  widow's 
wit. 

Glo.  Ay,  good  leave  have  you,  for  you  will  have  leave ; 
Till  youth  take  leave,  and  leave  you  to  the  crutch. 

K,  Edw.   Now  tell  me,   Madam,  do  you  love  your 
children  ? 

Gray.  Ay,  full  as  dearly  as  I  love  my  felf. 

K.  Edw.   And  would  you  not  do  much  to  do  them 
good  ? 

Gray.  To  do  them  good,  I  would  fuftain  fome  harm. 

K.  Edw.  Then  get  your  husband's  lands,  to  do  them 
good. 

Gray.  Therefore  I  came  unto  your  Majefty. 

K.  Edw.  I'll  tell  you  how  thefe  lands  are  to  be  got. 

Gray.  So  fhall  you  bind  me  to  your  Highnefs'  fervice. 

K.  Edw.  What  fervice  wilt  thou  do  me,  it  I  give  them  ? 

Gray.  What  you  command,  that  reds  in  me  to  do. 

K.  Edw.  But  you  will  take  exceptions  to  my  boon  ? 

Gray.  No,  gracious  lord,  except  I  cannot  do  it. 

K.  Edw.  Ay,  but  thou  canft  do  what  I  mean  to  ask. 

Gray.  Why,  then  I  will  do  what  your  Grace  com- 
mands. 

2  Glo. 


Kkg  Henri  VI.  347 

Glo.  He  plies  her  hard,   and  much  rain  wears,  the 
marble. 

Clar.  As  red  as  fire !  nay,  then  her  wax  muft  melt. 

Gray.  Why  flops  my  lord?  fhall  I  not  hear  my  task? 

K.  Edw.  An  eafie  task,  'tis  *but  to  love  a  King. 

Gray.  That's  foon  perform'd,  becaufe  I  am  a  Subject. 

K.Edw.  Why,  then  thy  husband's  lands  I  freely  give 
thee. 

Gray.  I  take  my  leave  with  many  thou  land  thanks. 

Glo.  The  match  is  made,  fhe  feals  it  with  a  curtfie. 

K.  Edw.  But  flay  thee,  'tis  the  fruits  of  love  I  mean. 

Gray.  The  fruits  of  love  I  mean,  my^Joving  Liege. 

K.  Edw.  Ay,  but  I  fear  me,  in  another  fenfe. 
What  love,  think'ft  thou,  I  fue  fo  much  to  get  ? 

Gray.   My  love  till  death,  my  humble  thanks,    my 
prayers ; 
That  love,  which  virtue  begs,  and  virtue  grants. 

K.  Edw.  No,  by  my  troth,  I  did  not  mean  fuch  love. 

Gray.  Why,  then  you  mean  not  as  I  thought  you  did. 

K.  Edw.  But  now  you  partly  may  perceive  my  mind. 

Gray.  My  mind  will  never  grant  what  I  perceive 
Your  Highnefs  aims  at,  if  I  aim  aright. 

K.  Edw.  To  tell  thee  plain,  I  aim  to  lye  with  thee. 
"  Gray.  To  tell  you  plain,  I'd  rather  lye  in  prifon. 

K.  Edw.  Why,  then  thou  fhalt  not  have  thy  husband's 
lands. 

Gray.  Why,  then  mine  honefty  fhall  be  my  dower ; 
For  by  that  lofs  I  will  not  purchafe  them. 

K.  Edw.  Therein  thou  wrong'ft  thy  children  mightily. 

Gray.  Herein  your  Highnefs  wrongs  both  them  and 
But,  mighty  lord,  this  merry  inclination  [me : 

Accords  not  with  the  fadnefs  of  my  fuit ; 
Pleafe  you  difmifs  me,  or  with  ay,  or  no. 

K.  Edw.  Ay  ;  if  thou  wilt  fay,  Ay,  to  my  requeft : 
No  ;  if  thou  doft  fay,  No,  to  my  demand. 

Gray.  Then,  No,  my  lord ;  my  fuit  is  at  an  end. 

Glo.  The  widow  likes  him  not,  fhe  knits  her  brows. 
Clan  He  is  the  blunteft  wooer  in  Chriftendom. 

K.  Edw.  Her  looks  do  argue  her  replete  with  modefty, 
Her  words  do  fhew  her  wit  incomparable, 

All 


34&  The  Third  Tart  of  -1 

All  her  perfections  challenge  Sovereignty ; 
One  way,  or  other,  (he  is  for  a  King  ; 
And  fhe  fhall  be  my  love,  or  elfe  my  Queen. 
Say,  that  King  Edward  take  thee  for  his  Queen  ? 

Gray.  'Tis  better  faid  than  done,  my  gracious  lord  ; 
I  am  a  Subject  fit  to  jeft  withal, 
But  far  unfit  to  be  a  Soveraign. 

K.  Edw.  Sweet  Widow,  by  my  State  I  fwear  to  thee, 
I  fpeak  no  more  than  what  my  foul  intends ; 
And  that  is,  to  enjoy  thee  for  my  love. 

Gray.  And  that  is  more  than  I  will  yield  unto : 
I  know,  I  am  tog  mean  to  be  your  Queen ; 
And  yet  too  good  to  be  your  Concubine. 

K.  Edw.  You  cavil,  Widow ;  I  did  mean  my  Queen. 

Gray.  'Twill  grieve  your  Grace,  my  fons  mould  call 
you  father. 

K.  Edw.  No  more  than  when  my  daughters  call  thee 
mother. 
Thou  art  a  widow,  and  thou  haft  fome  children ; 
And,  by  God's  mother,  I,  being  but  a  batchelor, 
Have  other  Some  :  why,  'tis  a  happy  thing, 
To  be  the  father  unto  many  fons. 
Anfwer  no  more,  for  thou  (halt  be  my  Queen. 

Glo.  The  ghoftly  father  now  hath  done  his  (hrift. 

Clar.  When  he  was  made  a  fhriver,  'twas  for  fhift. 

K.  Edw.  Brothers,  you  mufe  what  Chat  we  two  have 
had. 

Glo.  The  Widow  likes  it  not,  for  (he  looks  fad. 

K.  Edw.  You'd  think  it  ftrange,  if  I  mould  marry  her. 

Clar.  To  whom,  my  lord  ? 

K.  Edw.  Why,  Clarence,  to  my  felf. 

Glo.  That  would  be  ten  days  Wonder  at  the  leaft. 

Clar.  That's  a  day  longer  than  a  Wonder  lafts. 

Glo.  By  fo  much  is  the  Wonder  in  extreams. 

K.  Edw.  Well,  jeft  on,  Brothers  ;  I  can  tell  you  Both, 
Her  fuit  is  granted  for  her  husband's  lands. 

Enter  a  Nobleman. 

Nob.  My  gracious  lord,  Henry  your  foe  is  taken, 
And  brought  your  prifoner  to  your  Palace-gate. 

K.  Edw. 


King  Henri  VL  349 

K.  Edw.  See,  that  he  be  convey'd  unto  the  Tower : 
And  go  we,  Brothers,  to  the  man  that  took  him, 
ro  queftion  of  his  Apprehenfion. 
Widow,  go  you  along :  Lords,  ufe  her  honourably. 

[Exeunt. 

Manet  Gloucefter. 

Glo.  Ay,  Edward  will  ufe  women  honourably. 
Would  he  were  wafted,  marrow,  bones,  and  all, 
That  from  his  loins  no  hopeful  branch  may  fpring, 
To  crofs  me  from  the  golden  time  I  look  for. 
And  yet  between  my  foul's  defire  and  me, 
(The  luftful  Edward's  Title  buried) 
Is  Clarence,  Henry,  and  his  fon  young  Edward  i 
And  all  th'  unlook'd-for  iffue  of  their  bodies, 
To  take  their  rooms  ere  I  can  place  my  felf. 
A  cold  Premeditation  for  my  purpofe  ! 
Why,  then  I  do  but  dream  on  Sov'reignty, 
Like  one  that  ftands  upon  a  promontory, 
And  fpyes  a  far-off  more  where  he  would  tread, 
Wifhing  his  foot  were  equal  with  his  eye, 
And  chides  the  Sea  that  funders  him  from  thence, 
Saying,  he'll  lade  it  dry  to  have  his  way  : 
So  do  I  wifh,  the  Crown  being  fo  far  off, 
And  fo  I  chide  the  means  that  keep  me  from  it ; 
And  fo  (I  fay)  I'll  cut  the  caufes  off, 
Flatt'ring  my  mind  with  things  impoflible. 
My  eye's  too  quick,  my  heart  o'er-weens  too  much, 
Unlefs  my  hand  and  ftrength  could  equal  them. 
Well,  fay,  there  is  no  Kingdom  then  for  Richard: 
What  other  pleafure  can  the  world  afford  ? 
I'll  make  my  heaven  in  a  lady's  lap, 
And  deck  my  body  in  gay  ornaments, 
And  'witch  fweet  ladies  with  my  words  and  looks. 
Oh  miferable  thought !  and  more  unlikely, 
Than  to  accomplifh  twenty  golden  Crowns. 
Why,  Love  forfwore  me  in  my  mother's  womb ; 
And,  for  I  mould  not  deal  in  her  foft  laws, 
She  did  corrupt  frail  Nature  with  fome  bribe 
To  fhrink  mine  arm  up  like  a  wither'd  ihrub  : 

To 


3  5  o  The  Third  $>art  of 

To  make  an  envious  mountain  on  my  back, 

"Where  fits  Deformity  to  mock  my  body  ; 

To  fhape  my  legs  of  an  unequal  fize  j 

To  difproportion  me  in  every  part : 

Like  to  a  Chaos,  or  unlick'd  bear-whelp, 

That  carries  no  imprefllon  like  the  dam. 

And  am  I  then  a  man  to  be  belov'd  ? 

Oh,  monftrous  fault,  to  harbour  fuch  a  thought ! 

Then  fince  this  earth  affords  no  joy  to  me,  — 

But  to  command,  to  check,  to  o'er-bear  Such 

As  are  of  better  perfon  than  my  felf; 

I'll  make  my  heav'n  to  dream  upon  the  Crown  % 

And,  while  I  live,  t*  account  this  world  but  Hell, 

Until  the  mif-fhap'd  trunk,  that  bears  this  head, 

Be  round-impaled  with  a  glorious  Crown. 

And  yet  I  know  not  how  to  get  the  Crown, 

For  many  lives  ftand  between  me  and  home : 

And  I,  (like  one  loft  in  a  thorny  wood, 

That  rends  the  thorns,  and  is  rent  with  the  thorns, 

Seeking  a  way,  and  ftraying  from  the  way, 

Not  knowing  how  to  find  the  open  air, 

But  toiling  defp'rately  to  find  it  out) 

Torment  my  felf  to  catch  the  EngUJh  Crown. 

And  from  that  torment  I  will  free  my  felf, 

Or  hew  my  way  out  with  a  bloody  ax. 

Why,  I  can  fmile,  and  murther  while  I  fmile  ; 

And  cry,  Content,  to  that  which  grieves  my  heart ; 

And  wet  my  cheeks  with  artificial  tears, 

And  frame  my  face  to  all  occafions : 

I'll  drown  more  failors,  than  the  Mermaid  fliall  ; 

I'll  flay  more  gazers,  than  the  Bafilisk  •, 

I'll  play  the  orator,  as  well  as  Neftor  ; 

Deceive  more  flily,  than  UlyJ/es  could ; 

And,  like  a  Sinon,  take  another  Troy : 

I  can  add  colours  ev'n  to  the  Camelion ; 

Change  fhapes  with  Proteus,  for  advantages ; 

And  fet  the  murth'rous  Macbiavel  to  fchool. 

Can  I  do  this,  and  cannot  get  a  Crown  ? 

Tut,  were  it  farther  off,  I'll  pluck  it  down.  [Exit, 

SCENE 


King  Henry  VL  351 

SCENE  changes  to  France. 

Flourifh.  Enter  King  Lewis,  Lady  Bona,  Bourbon, 
Edward  Prince  of  Wales,  Queen  Margaret,  and  the 
Earl  of Oxford.    Lewis  fits,  and  rifeth  up  again. 

K.  Lew.TJ\AlR  Queen  of  England,  worthy  Margaret* 

X?    Sit  down  with  us  ;  it  ill  befits  thy  State, 
And  Birth,  that  thou  fhould'ft  Hand,  while  Lewis  fits. 

Queen,  No,  mighty  King  of  France  *,  now  Margaret 
Mull  ftrike  her  fail,  and  learn  a  while  to  ferve, 
Where  Kings  command.     I  was,  I  muft  confefs, 
Great  Albion's  Queen  in  former  golden  days : 
But  now  mifchance  hath  trod  my  Title  down, 
And  with  difhonour  laid  me  on  the  ground  ; 
Where  I  muft  take  like  feat  unto  my  fortune, 
And  to  my  humble  Seat  conform  my  felf. 

K.  Lew.   Why,  fay,  fair  Queen,  whence  fprings  this 
deep  defpair  ? 

Queen.  From  fuch  a  caufe  as  fills  mine  eyes  with  tears  j 
And  flops  my  tongue,  while  my  heart's  drown'd  in  cares. 

K.  Lew.  Whatever  it  be,  be  thou  ftill  like  thy  felf, 
And  fit  thee  by  our  fide.     Yield  not  thy  neck 

[Seats  her  by  him* 
To  fortune's  yoak,  but  let  thy  dauntlefs  mind 
Still  ride  in  triumph  over  all  mifchance. 
Be  plain,  Queen  Margaret,  and  tell  thy^ief ; 
It  (hall  be  eas'd,  if  France  can  yield  relief " 

Queen.  Thofe  gracious   words  revive    my   drooping 
thoughts,  H 

And  give  my  tongue-ty'd  forrows  leave  to  fpeak. 
Now  therefore  be  it  known  to  noble  Lewis* 
That  Henry,  fole  pofTeflbr  of  my  love, 
Is,  of  a  King,  become  a  banifh'd  man, 
And  forc'd  to  live  in  Scotland  a  forlorn  ; 
While  proud  ambitious  Edward  Duke  of  York 
Ufurps  the  regal  Title,  and  the  Seat 
Of  England's  true-anointed  lawful  King. 
This  is  the  caufe,  that  I,  poor  Margaret* 

With 


3  5  *  *Fhe  Third  Tart  of 

With  this  my  fon  Prince  Edward,  Henry's  heir, 
Am  come  to  crave  thy  juft  and  lawful  aid : 
And  if  thou  fail  us,  all  our  hope  is  done. 
Scotland  hath  will  to  help,  but  cannot  help  : 
Our  People  and  our  Peers  are  both  mif-led, 
Our  Treafure  feiz'd,  our  Soldiers  put  to  flight, 
And,  as  thou  feeft,  our  felves  in  heavy  plight. 

K.  Lew.  Renowned  Queen,    with  patience  calm   the 
ftorm  ; 
While  we  bethink  a  means  to  break  it  off. 

Queen.  The  more  we  (lay,  the  ftronger  grows  our  foe. 

K.  Lew.  The  morel  flay,  the  more  I'll  luccour  thee. 

Queen.  O,  but  impatience  waiteth  on  true  forrow:  (16) 
And  fee,  where  comes  the  breeder  of  my  forrow. 

Enter  Warwick. 

K.  Lew.  What's  he,  approacheth  boldly  to  our  Pre- 

fence  ? 
Queen.  Our  Earl  of  Warwick,  Edward's  greateft  friend. 
K.  Lew.  Welcome,  brave  Warwick,   what  brings  thee 
to  France  ?  [He  de fiends.     She  arifeth. 

Queen.  Ay,  now  begins  a  fecond  ftorm  to  rife  ; 
For  this  is  he,  that  moves  both  wind  and  tide. 

War.  From  worthy  Edward,  King  of  Albion, 
My  Lord  and  Sov'raign,  and  thy  vowed  friend, 

(i  6)  O,  but  Impatience  waiteth  on  true  Sorrow ; 
And fee ',  where  comes  the  Breeder  of  my  Sorrow.]    Tho  I  have  not  difturb'd 
the  Text  here,  I  cannot  finother  an  ingenious  Conjecture  of  my  Friend's 
on  this  PafTage.'  »<c  How  does  Impatience  wait  more  particularly  on 

*'  true  Sorrow  ?  On  the  contrary,  thofe  Sorrows,  fuch  as  this  Queen's, 
€c  which  came  gradually,  by  a  long  Courfe  of  Misfortunes,  are  generally 
**  lefs  impatient  than  That  of  Thofe,  who,  having  been  unacquainted 
fs  with  Misfortunes,  fall  into  fudden  Miferies.  Perhaps,  the  true  Read- 
st  ing  might  be ;" 

O,  but  Impatience,  waiting,  rues  to  Morrow : 

And  fee,  where  comes  the  Breeder  of  my  Sorrow. 
u  i.e.  When  Impatience  waits  and  follicits  for  Redrefs,  there  is  Nothing 
"  She  fo  much  dreads  as  being  put  off  till  to  Morrow  ;  (a  proverbial  Ex- 
u  preflion  for  Procraftination)  and  a  very  proper  Reply  to  the  King. 
"  Befides,  a  Rhyme  is  hereby  added,  in  which  Cuftom  the  Poet  fo  much 
"  delighted ;  and  a  Sentiment  is  convey'd  truely  worthy  of  him." 

Mr*  Warburton. 

I 


King  Henri  VL  353 

I  come  (in  kindnefs  and  unfeigned  love) 
Firft  to  do  greetings  to  thy  royal  perfon, 
And  then  to  crave  a  league  of  amity  ; 
And  laftly,  to  confirm  that  amity 
With  nuptial  knot,  if  thou  vouchfafe  to  grant 
That  virtuous  lady  Bona,  thy  fair  filler, 
To  England's  King  in  lawful  marriage* 

Queen.  If  That  go  forward,  Henry's  hope  is  done! 
War.  And,  gracious  Madam,  in  our  King's  behalf, 

[Speaking  to  Bona* 
I  am  commanded,  with  your  leave  and  favour* 
Humbly  to  kifs  your  hand  ;  and  with  my  tongue 
To  tell  the  palHon  of  my  Sov'raign's  heart ; 
Where  fame,  late  ent'ring  at  his  heedful  ears, 
Hath  placed  thy  beauty's  image  and  thy  virtue* 

Queen.  King  Lewis,  and  lady  Bona,  hear  me  fpeak, 
before  you  atifwer  Warwick.     His  demand 
Springs  not  from  Edward's  well-meant  honeft  love, 
But  from  deceit  bred  by  neceflity  : 
For  how  can  tyrants  fafely  govern  home, 
Unlefs  abroad  they  purchafe  great  alliance  ? 
To  prove  him  tyrant  this  reafon  may  fuffice, 
That  Henry  liveth  ftill ;  but  were  he  dead, 
Yet  here  Prince  Edward  ftands,  King  Henrfs  fon. 
Look  therefore,  Lewis,  that  by  this  league  and  marriage 
Thou  draw  not  on  thy  danger  and  difhonour : 
For  tho  Ufurpers  fway  the  Rule  a  while, 
Yet  heavens  are  juft,  and  time  fuppreffeth  wrongs. 

War.  Injurious  Margaret! - 

Prince.  And  why  not  Queen  ? 
War.  Becaufe  thy  father  Henry  did  ufurp, 
And  thou  no  more  art  Prince,  than  fhe  is  Queen. 

Oxf.  Then  Warwick  difannuls  great  John  of  Gaunt, 
Which  did  fubdue  the  greateft  part  of  Spain  -, 
And,  after  John  of  Gaunt,  Henry  the  fourth, 
Whofe  wifdom  was  a  mirror  to  the  wifeft ; 
And,  after  that  wife  Prince,  Henry  the  fifth, 
Who  by  his  Prowefs  conquered  all  France : 
From  thefe  our  Henry  lineally  defcends. 

Vol.  IV,  Z  War. 


354  The  Third  Fart  of 

War.  Oxford,  how  haps  ir,  in  this  fmooth  difcourfe, 
You  told  not,  how  Henry  the  fixth  hath  loft 
All  That  which  Henry  the  fifth  had  gotten  ? 
Methinks,  thefe  Peers  of  France  fhould  fmile  at  That. 
But,  for  the  reft  ;  you  tell  a  Pedigree 
Of  threefcore  and  two  years,  a  filly  time 
To  make  Prefcription  for  a  Kingdom's  worth. 

Oxf.  Why,    Warwick,    canft  thou    fpeak   againft  thy 
Whom  thou  obeyedft  thirty  and  fix  years,  [Liege, 

And  not  bewray  thy  treafon  with  a  blufh  ? 

War.  Can  Oxford,,  that  did  ever  fence  the  Right, 
Now  buckler  falfhood  with  a  pedigree  ? 
For  fhame,  have  Henry,  and  call  Edward  King. 

Oxf.  Call  him  my  King,  by  whofe  injurious  doom 
My  elder  brother,  the  lord  Aubrey  Vere, 
Was  clone  to  death  ?  and  more  than  fo,  my  father, 
Even  in  the  downfal  of  his  mellow'd  years, 
When  nature  brought  him  to  the  door  of  death  ? 
No,  Warwick,  no  \  while  life  upholds  this  arm, 
This  arm  upholds  the  Houfe  of  Lancafter. 

War.  And  I  the  Houfe  of  York. 

K.  Lew.  Queen  Margaret,  Prince  Edward,  and  Oxford 
Vouchfafe  at  our  requeft  to  ft  and  afide, 
While  I  ufe  farther  conference  with  Warwick. 

Queen.  Heav'ns  grant,  that  Warwick's  words  bewitch 
him  not !  [Tbey  ft  and  aloof. 

K.  Lew.  Now,  Warzvick,  tell  me  even  upon  thy  con- 
ference, 
Is  Edward  your  true  King  ?   for  I  were  loth 
To  link  with  him,  that  were  not  lawful  chofen. 

War.  Thereon  I  pawn  my  credit  and  mine  honour. 

K.  Lew.  But  is  he  gracious  in  the  people's  eyes  ? 

War.  The  more,  that  Henry  was  unfortunate. 

K.  Lew.  Then  further  ;  all  dififembling  fet  afide, 
Tell  me  for  truth  the  meafure  of  his  love 
Unto  our  fifter  Bona. 

War.  Such  it  feems, 
As  may   befeem  a  Monarch  like  himfelf : 
My  felf  have  often  heard  hiro  fay,  and  fwear, 
That  this  his  love  was  an  external  plant, 

TTT1  H 


,     King  Henry  VI.        .  $ff 

Whereof  the  root  was  fix'd  in  virtue's  ground, 
The  leaves  and  fruit  maintain'd  with  beauty's  fun ; 
Exempt  from  envy,  but  not  from  difdain, 
Unlefs  the  lady  Bona  quit  his  pain. 

K.  Lew.  Now,  filler,  let  us  hear  your  firm  refolve. 

Bona.  Your  Grant,  or  your  Denial,  mail  be  mine. 
Yet  I  confefs,  that  often  ere  this  day,        [Speaks  to  War. 
When  I  have  heard  your  King's  defert  recounted, 
Mine  ear  hath  tempted  judgment  to  defire. 

K.  Lew.    Then,  Warwick,   this:    our  filter    Ihall   be 
Edward's. 

And  now  forthwith  (hall  articles  be  drawn 
Touching  the  jointure  that  your  King  mull  make* 
Which  with  her  dowry  mail  be  counterpois'd. 
Draw  near,  Queen  Margaret,  and  be  a  witnefs, 
That  Bona  fhall  be  wife  to  th'  Englijh  l£ing. 

Prince.  To  Edward,  but  not  to  the  Englijh  King. 

Queen.  Deceitful  Warwick,  it  was  thy  device 
By  this  alliance  to  make  void  my  fuit ; 
Before  thy  Coming,  Lewis  was  Henry9 s  friend. 

K.  Lew.  And  (till  is  friend  to  him  and  Margaret  % 
But  if  your  Title  to  the  Crown  be  weak, 
As  may  appear  by  Edward's  good  fuccefs  i 
Then  'tis  but  reafon,  that  I  be  releas'd 
From  giving  aid,  which  late  I  promifed. 
Yet  fhall  you  have  all  kindnefs  at.  my  hand, 
That  your  eftate  requires,  and  mine  can  yield. 

War.  Henry  now  lives  in  Scotland  at  his  eafe, 
Where  having  nothing,  nothing  can  he  lofe. 
And  as  for  you  your  felf,  our  quondam  Queen, 
You  have  a  father  able  to  maintain  you  •, 
And  better  'twere,   you  troubled  him  than  France. 

Queen.  Peace,  impudent  and  fhamelefs  Warwick,  peace ! 
Proud  fetter-up  and  puller  down  of  Kings  ! 
I  will  not  hence,  till  with  my  talk  and  tears 
(Both  full  of  truth)  I  make  King  Lewis  behold 
Thy  fly  conveyance,  and  thy  lord's  falfe  love : 

[Poft,  blowing  a  horn  within. 
For  both  of  you  are  birds  of  felf-fame  feather. 

K.  Lew.  Warwick ,  this  is  fome  Poll  to  us,  or  thee. 

Z  2  Enter 


3  5  6  The  Tmrd  Tart  of 

Enter  a  Toft. 

Toft.  My  lord  Ambaffador,  thefe  letters  are  for  you  ; 

[To  Warwick. 
Sent  from  your  brother,  Marquis  Montague. 
Thefe  from  our  King  unto  your  Majefty.       [To  K.  Lew, 
And,  Madam,  thefe  for  you  j  from  whom  I  know  not. 
[To  the  Queen.     They  all  read  their  Letters. 

Oxf.  I  like  it  well,  that  our  fair  Queen  and  Miftrefs 
Smiles  at  her  news,  while  Warwick  frowns  at  his. 

Prince.  Nay,    mark,    how  Lewis  ftamps  as  he  wers 
nettled. 
I  hope,  all's  for  the  beft. 

K.  Lew.  Warwick  >  what  are  thy  news  ?  and  yours,  fail? 
Queen? 

Queen.  Mine  fudi,  as  fills  my  heart  with  unhop'd  joys. 

War.  Mine  full  of  forrow  and  heart's  difcontent. 

K.  Lew.  What !  has  your  King  marry'd  the  lady  Gray  ? 
And  now,  to  footh  your  forgery  and  his, 
Sends  me  a  paper  to  perfwade  me  patience  ? 
Is  this  th'  alliance,  that  he  feeks  with  France? 
Dare  he  prefume  to  fcorn  us  in  this  manner? 

Queen.  I  told  your  Majefty  as  much  before  ; 
This  proveth  Edward's  love  and  Warwick9s  honefly. 

War.  King  Lewis,  I  here  proteft  in  fight  of  heav'n. 
And  by  the  hope  I  have  of  heav'nly  blils, 
That  I  am  clear  from  this  mifdeed  of  Edward's  : 
No  more  my  King  •,  for  he  difhonours  me, 
But  moil  himfelf,  if  he  could  fee  his  fhame. 
Did  I  forget,  that  by  the  Houfe  of  Tort 
My  father  came  untimely  to  his  death  ? 
Did  I  let  pafs  th'  abufe  done  to  my  Niece  ? 
Did  I  impale  him  with  the  regal  Crown? 
Did  I  put  Henry  from  his  native  Right? 
And  am  I  guerdon'd  at  the  laft  with  fhame  ? 
Shame  on  himfelf,  for  my  defert  is  honour  ! 
And  to  repair  my  honour  loft  for  him, 
I  here  renounce  him,  and  return  to  Henry. 
My  noble  Queen,  let  former  grudges  pafs, 
And  henceforth,  I  am  thy  true  fervitor  ; 

I 


King  Henry  VI.  357 

\  will  revenge  his  wrong  to  lady  Bona, 

And  replant  Henry  in  his  former  ftate.  [love, 

Queen.  Warwick,  thefe  words  have  turn'd  my  hate  to 
And  I  forgive  and  quite  forget  old  faults  ; 
And  joy,  that  thou  becom'ft  King  Henry's  friend. 

War.  So  much  his  friend,  ay,  his  unfeigned  friend, 
That  if  King  Lewis  vouchfafe  to  furnifh  us 
With  fomefew  bands  ofchofen  foldiers, 
['11  undertake  to  land  them  on  our  coaft, 
And  force  the  tyrant  from  his  feat  by  war. 
'Tis  not  his  new-made  bride  fhall  fuccour  him  5 
And  as  for  Clarence,  as  my  letters  tell  m^, 
He's  very  likely  now  to  fall  from  him, 
For  matching  more  for  wanton  luft  than  honour, 
Or  than  for  ftrength  and  fafety  of  our  Country. 

Bona.  Dear  brother,  how  fhall  Bona  be  reveng'd, 
But  by  thy  help  to  this  diftreffed  Queen  ? 

Queen.  Renowned  Prince,  how  fhall  poor  Henry  live, 
Unlefs  thou  refcue  him  from  foul  defpair  ? 

Bona.  My  quarrel,  and  this  Englijh  Queen's,   are  one, 

War.  And  mine,  fair  lady  Bona,  joins  with  yours. 

K.  Lew.  And  mine  with  hers,   and  thine,  and  Mar* 
garet's. 

Therefore  at  laft  I  firmly  am  refolv'd 
You  fhall  have  aid. 

Queen.  Let  me  give  humble  thanks  for  all  at  once, 

K.  Lew.  Then,  England's  meflenger,  return  in  poft, 
And  tell  falfe  Edward,  thy  fuppofed  King, 
That  Lewis  of  France  is  fending  over  maskers, 
To  revel  it  with  him  and  his  new  bride. 
Thou  feefl  what's  paft,  go  fear  thy  King  withal. 

Bona.  Tell  him,  in  hope  he'll  prove  a  widower  fhortly, 
I  wear  the  willow  garland  for  his  fake. 

Queen.  Tell  him,    my  mourning  weeds  are  laid  afide  5 
And  I  am  ready  to  put  armour  on. 

War.  Tell  him  from  me,  that  he  hath  done  me  wrong ; 
And  therefore  I'll  uncrown  him  ere't  be  long. 
There's  thy  reward,  be  gone. [Exit  Poft* 

K.  Lew.  But  Warwick, 
Thyfelf  and  Oxford  with  five  thoufand  men 

Z  3  Shall 


358  The  Third  Tart  of 

Shall  crofVthe  feas,  and  bid  falfe  'Edward  battel ; 
And  as  occafion  ferves,  this  noble  Queen 
And  Prince  fhall  follow  with  a  frefh  fupply. 
Yet  ere  thou  go,  but  anfwer  me  one  doubt: 
"What  pledge  have  we  of  thy  firm  loyalty  ? 

War.  This  fhall  allure,  my  conftant  loyalty, 
That  if  our  Queen  and  this  young  Prince  agree, 
I'll  join  my  younger  daughter  and  my  joy  (17) 
To  him  forthwith,  in  holy  wedlock  bands. 

Queen.  Yes,  I  agree,  and  thank  you  for  your  motion, 
Son  Edward,  fhe  is  fair  and  virtuous  \ 
Therefore  delay  not,   give  thy  hand  to  Warwick* 
And  with  thy  hand,  thy  faith  irrevocable, 
That  only  Warwick's  daughter  fhall  be  thine. 

Prince.  Yes,  I  accept  her,  for  fhe  well  deferves  it : 
And  here  to  pledge  my  vow,  I  give  my  hand. 

[He  gives  his  hand  to  Warwick 

K.  Lew.  Why   flay  we  now?    thefe  foldiers   fhall  be 
levy'd, 
And  thou,  lord  Bourbon,  our  High  Admiral,     . 
Shalt  waft  them  over  with  our  royal  fleet. 
I  long,  till  Edward  fall  by  war's  mifchance, 
For  mocking  marriage  with  a  Dame  of  France. 

[Exeunt.     Manet  Warwi 

War.  I  came  from  Edward  as  ambafTador, 
But  I  return  his  fworn  and  mortal  foe  : 
Matter  of  marriage  was  the  Charge  he  gave  me, 
But  dreadful  war  fhall  anfwer  his  demand. 

(17)  Til  join  my  eldeft  Daughter,  and  my  Joy, 
tfo  him  forthwith^ — -]  Surely,  this  is  a  Miftake  of  the  Copyifts.  Hall, 
in  the  9th  Year  of  K.  Edward  IV.  fays,  Edward,  Prince  of  Wales, 
wedded  Anne  Second  Daughter  to  the  Earl  of  Warwick. — —And 
the  Duke  of  Clarence  was  in  Love  with  the  Elder,  the  Lady  Ifabeh 
and  in  Reality  was  married  to  her  five  Years  before  Prince  Edwari 
took  the  Lady  Anne  to  Wife. 

And  in  K.  Richard 3d,  Gloucejier,  who  married  this  Lady  Anne  when  a 
Widow,  fays. 

for  then  Til ?narry  Warwick'.?  Youngest   Daughter. 

What  the?  I  kiWd  her  Husband  and  her  Father  ? 
i.e.   Prince  Edward,  and  K.  Henry  W.  her  Father  in  Law.     See  like- 
wife  Holing/head  in  his  Chronicle  ;  p.  671  and  674. 

Had 


King  Henry  VI.  359 

Had  he  none  elfe  to  make  a  Stale,  but  me? 

Then  none  but  I  fhall  turn  his  j eft  to  forrow. 

I  was  the  chief  that  rais'd  him  to  the  Crown, 

And  I'll  be  chief  to  bring  him  down  again  : 

Not  that  I  pity  Henry's  mifery, 

But  feek  revenge  on  Edward's  mockery.  [Exit. 


A  C  T    IV. 

SCENE,    the  Palace  in  England. 
Enter  Gloucefter,  Clarence,  Somerfet  and  Montague. 

Gloucester. 

O  W    tell  me,  brother  Clarence,  what  think 

you 
Of  this  new  marriage  with  the  lady  Gray  ? 
Hath  not  our  brother  made  a  worthy  choice  ? 
Clar.  Alas,  you  know,  'tis  far  from  hence 
to  France : 

How  could  he  flay  till  Warwick  made  Return  ? 
Som.  My  lords,  forbear  this  talk :  here  comes  the  King. 

Flourijh.  Enter  King  Edward,  Lady  Gray  as  Queen, 
Pembroke,  Stafford,  and  Haftings  :  Four  ftand  on  one 
fide,  and  'four  on  the  other. 

GIo.  And  his  well  chofen  bride. 
Clar.  I  mind  to  tell  him  plainly  what  I  think. 
K.  Edw.  Now,    brother  Clarence,    how  like   you  our 
choice, 
That  you  ftand  penfive,  as  half  malecontent  ? 

Clar.  As4  well  as  Lewis  of  France,  or  th'  Earl  of  War- 
wick, 

Z  4  Which 


3  6o  The  Third  Tart  of 

Which  are  fo  weak  of  courage,  and  in  judgment, 
That  they'll  take  no  offence  at  our  abufe. 

K.  Edw.  Suppofe,  they  take  offence  without  a  caufes 
They  are  but  Lewis  and  Warwick,  I  am  Edward, 
Your  King  and  Warwick's,  and  muft  have  my  will. 

Glo.  And  you  fhall  have  your  will,  becaufe  our  King. 
Yet  hafty  marriage  feldom  proveth  well. 

K.  Edw.  Yea,  brother  Richard,  are  you  offended  too  ? 

Glo.  Not  I  •,  no  :  God  forbid,  that  I  fhould  wifh 
Them  fevered  whom  God  hath  join'd  together: 
Pity,  to  fonder  them,  thatyoak  fo  well. 

K.  Edw.  Setting  your  fcorns  and  your  miflike  afides 
Tell  me  fome  reafon,  why  the  lady  Gray 
Should  not  become  my  wife,  and  England's  Queen? 
And  you  too,  Somerfet  and  Montague, 
Speak  freely  what  you  think. 

Clar.  Then  this  is  my  opinion  ;  that  King  Lewis 
Becomes  your  enemy,  for  mocking  him 
About  the  marriage  of  the  lady  Bona, 

Glo.  And  Warwick,  doing  what  you  gave  in  charge, 
Is  now  difhonoured  by  this  new  marriage. 

K,  Edw.  What  if  both  Lewis  and  Warwick  be  appeas'd, 
By  fuch  invention  as  I  can  devife  ? 

Mont.  Yet  to  have  join'd  with  France  in  fuch  alliance, 
Would  more  have  ftrengthen'd  this  our  Commonwealth 
•Gainft  foreign  ftorms,  than  any  home-bred  marriage. 

Haft.  Why,  knows  not  Montague,  that  of  it  felf 
England  is  fate,  if  true  within  it  felf  ? 

Mont.  Yes ;  but  the  fafer,  when  'tis  back'd  with  France* 

Haft.  'Tis  better  ufing  France,   than  trufting  France, 
Let  us  be  back'd  with  God,  and  with  the  feas, 
Which  he  hath  given  for  fence  impregnable, 
And  with  their  helps  alone  defend  our  felves : 
In  them,  and  in  our  felves,  our  fafety  lyes. 

Clar.  For  this  one  fpeech,  lord  Haftings  well  deferves 
To  have  the  Heir  of  the  lord  Hungerford. 

K.Edw.  Ay,  what  of  that?  it  was  my  Will  and  Grant, 
And  for  this  once  my  will  fhall  (land  for  law. 

Glo.  And  yet,  methinks,  your  Grace  hath  not  done  well, 
To  give  the  heir  and  daughter  of  lord  Scales 

Unt€> 


King  Henry  VI.  $6i 

Unto  the  brother  of  your  loving  bride. 

She  better  would  have  fitted  Me,  or  Clarence ; 

But  in  your  bride  you  bury  brotherhood. 

Gar.  Or  elfe  you  would  not  have  beftow'd  the  heir 
Of  the  lord  Bonvill  on  your  new  wife's  fon, 
And  leave  your  brothers  to  go  fpeed  elfewhere. 

K.  Edw.  Alas,  poor  Clarence  !    is  it  for  a  wife 
That  thou  art  malecontent  ?  I  will  provide  thee. 

Gar.  In  chufing  for  your  felf,  you  fhew'd  your  judg- 
ment ; 
Which  being  fhallow,  you  fhall  give  me  Leave 
To  play  the  broker  in  mine  own  behalf ; 
And,  to  that  end,  I  fhortly  mind  to  leave"  you. 

K.  Edw.  Leave  me,  or  tarry,  Edward  will  be  King," 
And  not  be  ty'd  unto  his  brother's  will. 

Queen.  My  lords,  before  it  pleas'd  his  Majefly 
To  raife  my  ft  ate  to  Title  of  a  Queen, 
Do  me  but  right,  and  you  muft  all  confefs 
That  I  was  not  ignoble  of  Defcent ; 
And  meaner  than  my  felf  have  had  like  fortune. 
But  as  this  Title  honours  me  and  mine, 
So  your  diflikes,  to  whom  I  would  be  pleafing, 
Do  cloud  my  joys  with  danger  and  with  forrow. 

K.  Edw.  My  Love,  forbear  to  fawn  upon  their  frowns  5 
What  danger,  or  what  forrow,  can  befal  thee, 
So  long  as  Edward  is  thy  conftant  friend, 
And  their  true  Sov'raign,  whom  they  muft  obey  ? 
Nay,  whom  they  fhall  obey,  and  love  thee  too, 
Unlefs  they  feek  for  hatred  at  my  hands : 
Which  if  they  do,  yet  will  I  keep  thee  fafe  ; 
And  they  fhall  feel  the  vengeance  of  my  wrath. 

Glo.  I  hear,  yet  fay  not  much,  but  think  the  more. 

Enter  a  Pofl. 

K.Edw.  Now,  Meflenger,    what  letters  or  what  news 

from  France  ? 
Toft.  My  Soveraign  Liege,  no  letters,  and  few  words  % 
But  fuch  as  I  (without  your  fpecial  pardon) 
Pare  not  relate, 

Kt  Edw, 


}6i  The  Third }cPan of 

K,  Edw.  Go  to,  we  pardon  thee : 
So  tell  their  words,  as  near  as  thou  canft  guefs  them. 
What  anfwer  makes  King  Lewis  to  our  letters  ? 

Poft:  At  my  Depart,,  thefe  were  his  very  words  ; 
Go  tell  falfe  Edward,  thy  fuppofed  King, 
That  Lewis  of  France  is  fending  over  maskers 
To  revel  it  with  him  and  his  new  bride.  [Henry. 

K.  Edw.  Is  Lewis  fo   brave  ?     belike,    he  thinks  me 
But  what  faid  lady  Bona  to  my  Marriage  ? 

Poft,  Thefe  were  her  words,  utter'd  with  mild  difdain : 
Tell  him,  in  hope  he'll  prove  a  widower  fhortly, 
/  I'll  wear  the  willow  garland  for  his  fake. 

K.  Edw.  I  blame  not  her,  fhe  could  fay  little  lefs  ; 
She  had  the  wrong.    But  what  faid  Henry's  Queen  ? 
For  fo  I  heard,  that  fhe  was  there  in  place. 

Poft.  Tell  him,   (quoth  fhe)   my  mourning  weeds  are 
done ; 
And  I  am  ready  to  put  armour  on. 

K.  Edw.  Belike;  fhe  minds  to  play  the  Amazon. 
But  what  faid  Warwick  to  thefe  injuries  ? 

Poft.  He,  more  incens'd  againft  your  Majefly 
Than  all  the  reft,  difcharg'd  me  with  thefe  words  ; 
Tell  him  from  me,  that  he  hath  done  me  Wrong ; 
And  therefore  I'll  uncrown  him  ere't  be  long. 

K.  Edw.  Ha  !    durft  the  Traitor  breath  out  fo  proud 
words  ? 
Well,  I  will  arm  me,  being  thus  fore-warn'd  : 
They  fhall  have  wars,  and  pay  for  their  prefumption. 
But  fay,  is  Warwick  friends  with  Margaret  ? 

Poft.  Ay,    gracious  Sov'raign,    they're   fo    link'd   in 
friendfhip,  . 
That  young  Prince  Edward  marries  Warwick's  daughter. 

Clar.  Belike,    the  younger  ;    Clarence  will   have   the 
elder.  (18) 
Now,  brother  King,  farewel,  and  fit  you  fail, 

.(18)  Belike 3  the  Elder;    Clarence   will  ba<ve  the  Younger.]    I  have 
ventur'd  to   make  Elder  and  Younger  change  Places  in  this  Line,  againft: 
-the  -Authority  of  All  the  printed  Copies.     The  Reafon  of  it  will  be  ob- 
vious to  every  one,^  from  the  Proofs  in  my  Note  preceding  this. 

For 


King  Henry  VI.  363 

For  I  will  hence  to  Warwick's  other  daughter  ; 
That,  though  I  want  a  Kingdom,  yet  in  Marriage 
I  may  not  prove  inferior  to  your  felf. 
You,  that  love  me  and  Warwick ,  follow  me. 

[Exit  Clarence  ;  and  Somerfet  follows, 

Glo.  Not  I :  my  thoughts  aim  at  a  further  matter  : 
I  flay  not  for  love  of  Edward,  but  the  Crown.      [Afide* 

K.  Edw.  Clarence  and  Somerfet  both  gone  to  Warwick  ? 
Yet  am  I  arm'd  againft  the  worft  can  happen  ;  - 
And  hafte  is  needful  in  this  defp'rate  cafe  : 
Pembroke  and  Stafford,,  you  in  our  behalf 
Go  levy  men,  and  make  prepare  for  war ; 
They  are  already,  or  will  foon  be  landed  ; 
My  felf  in  perfon  will  ftraight  follow  you. 

[Ex.  Pembroke  and  Stafford. 
But  ere  I  go,  Haftings  and  Montague, 
Refolve  my  doubt :  you  twain,  of  all  the  reft, 
Are  near  to  Warwick  by  blood  and  by  alliance  ; 
Tell  me,  if  you  love  Warwick  more  than  me  ? 
If  it  be  fo,  then  both  depart  to  him  : 
I  rather  wifh  you  foes,  than  hollow  friends. 
But  if  you  mind  to  hold  your  true  obedience, 
Give  me  afTurance  with  fome  friendly  vow, 
That  I  may  never  have  you  in  fufpect. 

Mon.  So  God  help  Montague,  as  he  proves  true  ! 

Haft.  And  Haftings,  as  he  favours  Edward's  Caufe  ! 

K.  Edw.  Now,  brother  Richard,  will  youftand  by  us? 

Glo.  Ay,  in  defpight  of  all  that  mall  withftand  you. 

K.  Edw.  Why  fo,  then  am  I  fure  of  victory. 
Now  therefore  let  us  hence,  and  lofe  no  hour, 
'Till  we  meet  Warwick  with  his  foreign  Power.         [Exe. 


SCENE 


3  <*4  &>e  2lwi  <?<*  r*  of 

SCENE,  in  Warwickfliire. 

Enter  Warwick  and  Oxford,  with  French  Soldiers. 

War.  rpR  U  S  T  me,  my  lord,  all  hitherto  goes  well ; 
JL    The  common  people  (warm  by  numbers  to  us, 

Enter  Clarence  and  Somerfet. 
But  fee,  where  Somerfet  and  Clarence  come  ; 
Speak  fuddenly,  my  lords,  are  we  all  friends  ? 

Gar.  Fear  not  that,  my  lord. 

War.  Then  gentle  Clarence,  welcome  unto  Warwick ; 
And  welcome,  Somerfet ;  I  hold  it  cowardize 
To  reft  miftruftful,  where  a  noble  heart 
Hath  pawn'd  an  open  hand  in  fign  of  love. 
Elfe  might  I  think,  that  Clarence,  Edward's  brother, 
Were  but  a  feigned  friend  to  our  proceedings. 
But  welcome,  friend,  my  daughter  (hall  be  thine. 
And  now  what  refts,  but  in  night's  coverture, 
Thy  brother  being  carelefly  encamp'd, 
His  foldiers  lurking  in  the  towns  about,  (19) 
And  but  attended  by  a  fimple  guard, 
We  may  furprize  and  take  him  at  ourpleafure? 
Our  fcouts  have  found  th'  adventure  very  eafie  : 
That  as  Ulyjfes  and  flout  Diomede 
With  flight  and  manhood  ftole  to  Rbcfu?  Tents, 
And  brought  from  thence  the  Tkracian  fatal  deeds ; 
So  we,  well  cover'd  with  the  night's  black  mantle, 
At  unawares  may  beat  down  Edward's  guard, 
And  feize  himfelf :  I  fay  not,  (laughter  him  j 
For  I  intend  but  only  to  furprize  him. 

(19)  His  Soldiers  lurking  in  the  Town  about.']    Dr.  Tbirlby  advifed  the 
reading  Towns  here,  very  juftly,   upon  the  Proof  of  this  Paflage  fpoken 
by  the  Guard  in  the  Scene  immediately  following. 
'  —  but  <wky  commands  the  King, 

That  his  chief  Followers  lodge  in  Towns  about  him,  &c. 

You, 


King  Henry  VL  $6% 

You,  that  will  follow  me  to  this  attempt, 
Applaud  the  name  of  Henry  with  your  leader. 

[They  all  cry,  Henry  ! 
Why  then,  let's  on  our  way  in  filent  fort, 
For  Warwick  and  his  friends,  God  and  Saint  George  ! 

[Exeunt. 

Enter  the  Watchmen  to  guard  the  King's  Tent. 

.   i  Watch.  Come  on,   my  mailers,    each  man  take  his 

Stand  : 
The  King  by  this  has  fet  him  down  to  fleep. 
2  Watch.  What,  will  he  not  to  bed  ?,! 
i  Watch.  Why,  no  -9  for  he  hath  made  a  folemn  vow, 
Never  to  lye  and  take  his  natural  Reft, 
Till  Warwick,  or  himfelf  be  quite  fuppreft. 

2  Watch.  To  morrow  then,  belike,  fhall  be  the  day ; 
If  Warwick  be  fo  near,  as  men  report. 

3  Watch,  But  fay,  I  pray,  what  Nobleman  is  that, 
That  with  the  King  here  refteth  in  his  tent  ? 

i  Watch.  'Tis  the  lord  Haftings,    the  King's  chiefefl: 
friend. 

3  Watch.  O,  is  it  fo  ?  but  why  commands  the  King, 
That  his  chief  followers  lodge  in  towns  about  him, 
While  he  himfelf  keepeth  in  the  cold  field  ? 

2  Watch.  'Tis    the   more  honour,    becaufe  the  more 

dangerous. 

3  Watch.  Ay,  but  give  me  worfhip  and  quietnefs ; 
I  like  it  better  than  a  dang'rous  honour. 

If  Warwick  knew  in  what  eftate  he  ftands, 
'Tis  to  be  doubted,  he  would  waken  him. 

i  Watch.  Unlefs  our  halberds  did  fhut  up  his  pafTage. 

2  Watch.  Ay  •,  wherefore  elfe  guard  we  this  royal  tent, 
But  to  defend  his  perfon  from  night-foes  ? 

Enter  Warwick,    Clarence,    Oxford,    Somerfet,    and 
French  Soldiers,  filent  all. 

War,  This  is   his  tent ;   and  fee,    where  ftands   his 
guard  : 
Courage,  my  mafters :  honour  now,  or  never  I 
But  follow  me,  and  Edward  fhall  be.  ours. 

i  Watch 


i 


3  66  The  Third  Tan  of  I 

i  Watch.  Who  goes  there  ? 

2  Watch.  Stay,  or  thou  dieft. 

[Warwick    and   the   reft  cry    all,    Warwick  !     War- 
wick !  and  fet  upon  the  Guard-,  who  fly,  crying  Ar 7ns t\ 
Arms !  Warwick  and  the  reft  following  them. 

'The  Brum  beating,  and  Trwnpets  founding. 

-Enter  Warwick,    Somerfet,    and  the    reft,    bringing  the\ 
King  out  in  a  gown,  fitting  in  a  chair  -,    GJo'iler  and 
Haftings  flying  over  the  Stage. 

Som.  What  are  they,  that  fly  there  ? 

War.  Richard  and  Haftings  \  let  them  go,  here  is 
The  Duke. 

K.  Edw.  The  Duke  !  why,  Warwick,  when  we  parted,  ■ 
Thou  cairdft  me  King  ? 

War.  Ay,  but  the  cafe  is  alter'd. 
When  you  difgrac'd  me  in  my  Ambaflade, 
Then  I  degraded  you  from  being  King  ; 
And  come  now  to  create  you  Duke  of  York. 
Alas,  how  mould  you  govern  any  Kingdom, 
That  know  not  how  to  ufe  Ambaffadors  ; 
Nor  how  to  be  contented  with  one  wife, 
Nor  how  to  ufe  you;  brothers  brotherly, 
Nor  how  to  ftudy  for  the  people's  welfare, 
Nor  how  to  fhrowd  your  felf  from  enemies  ? 

K.  Edw.  Brother  of  Clarence,  and  art  thou  here  too? 
Nay,  then  I  fee,  that  Edward  needs  muft  down. 
Yet,  Warwick,  in  defpight  of  all  mifchance, 
Of  thee  thy  felf,  and  all  thy  complices, 
Edward  will  always  bear  himfelf  as  King  : 
Though  fortune's  malice  overthrow  my  ftate, 
My  mind  exceeds  the  compafs  of  her  wheel. 
•  War.  Then,  for  his  mind,  be  Edward  England's  King  :  i 

[Takes  off  his  Crown.  I 
But-  Henry  now  mail  wear  the  Englijh  Crown, 
And  be  true  King,  indeed  ;  thou  but  the  fhadow. 
My  lord  of  Somerfet,  at  my  requeft, 
See  that  forthwith  Duke  Edward  be  convey 'd 
Unto  my  brother,  Archbilhop  of  York  : 

i  When  I 

1 


lung  Henry  VI.  3 07 

When  I  have  fought  with  Pembroke  and  his  fellows, 

I'll  follow  you,  and  tell  you  what  reply 

Lewis  and  lady  Bona  fent  to  him  ; 

Now  for  a  while  farewel,  good  Duke  of  York. 

K.  Edw.   What  fates  impofe,    that  men  muft  needs 
abide  ; 
It  boots  not  to  refift  both  wind  and  tide. 

[Ex.  King  Edward  led  out  force  ably* 

Oxf.  What  now  remains,  my  lords,  for  us  to  do, 
But  march  to  London  with  our  foldiers  ? 

War.  Ay,  that's  the  firft  thing  that  we  have  to  do  % 
To  free  King  Henry  from  imprifonment, 
And  fee  him  feated  in  the  regal  Throne.  {Exeunt, 

SCENE,  the  Palace. 

Enter  Rivers,  and  the  Queen. 

Riv.  TV  /f  AD  AM,   what   makes  you  in  this  fudden 
IVx         change  ? 

Queen.  Why  brother  Rivers,    are  you  yet  to  learn, 
What  late  misfortune  has  .befaln  King  Edward? 

Riv.  What!    lofs  of  fome  pitcht  battel  againft  War- 
wick ? 

Queen.  No,  but  the  lofs  of  his  own  royal  perfon. 

Riv.  Then  is  my  Soveraign  (lain  ? 

Queen.  Ay,  almoft  (lain,  for  he  is  taken  prifoner. 
Either  betray 'd  by  falfhood  of  his  guard, 
Or  by  his  foe  furpriz'd  at  unawares  : 
And  as  I  further  have  to  underftand, 
Is  now  committed  to  the  Bifhop  of  York, 
Fell  Warwick's  brother,  and  by  that  our  foe. 

Riv.  Thefe  news,  I  muft  confefs,  are  full  of  grief : 
Yet,  gracious  Madam,  bear  it  as  you  may  ; 
fVarwick  may  lofe,  that  now  hath  won  the  day. 

Queen.  Till  then  fair  hope  muft  hinder  life's  decay. 
And  I  the  rather  wean  me  from  defpair, 
For  love  of  Edward's  Off-fpring  in  my  womb  : 
This  is't,  that  makes  me  bridle  in  my  paflion, 
And  bear  with  mildnefs  my  misfortune's  crofs : 

A7> 


3<58  The  Third  Tart  of  I 

Ay,  ay,  for  this  I  draw  in  many  a  tear, 
And  ftop  the  riling  of  blood-fucking  fighs^ 
Left  with  my  fighs,  or  tears,  I  blaft  or  drown 
King  Edward's  fruit,  true  heir  to  th'  EngUJb  Crown. 

Riv.  But,  Madam,  where  is  Warwick  then  become  ? 

Queen.  I  am   informed  that  he  comes   towards  Lon- 
do?.1, 
To  fet  the  Crown  once  more  on  Henry's  head  : 
Guefs  thou  the  reft,  King  Edward's  friends  muft  down. 
But  to  prevent  the  tyrant's  violence, 
(For  truft  not  him,  that  once  hath  broken  faith  ;) 
I'll  hence  forthwith  unto  the  Sanctuary, 
To  fave  at  leaft  the  heir  of  Edward's  Right. 
There  fhall  1  reft  fecure  from  force  and  fraud : 
Come  therefore,  let  us  fly,  while  we  may  fly  ; 
If  Warwick  take  us,   we  are  fure  to  die.  [Exeunt  J 

SCENE,    a  Park  near  Middleham  Caftle  in 

Yorkfhire. 

Enter  Gloucefter,  Lord  Haftings,    and  Sir  William 

Stanley. 

Gk\TOW,     my   lord    Haftings,     and    Sir  Williaml 

^L\|  Stanley     ' 

Leave  off  to  wonder  why  I  drew  you  hither, 
Into  this  chiefeft  thicket  of  the  Park. 
Thus  ftands  the  cafe ;  you  know,  our  King,  my  brother,! 
Is  prisoner  to  the  Bifhop,  at  whofe  hands, 
He  hath  good  ufage  and  great  liberty  5 
And  often  but  attended  with  weak  guard 
Comes  hunting  this  way  to  difport  himfelf. 
I  have  advertis'd  him  by  fecret  means, 
That  if  about  this  hour  he  make  this  way, 
Under  the  colour  of  his  ufual  game  ; 
He  fhall  here  find  his  friends  with  horfe  and  men, 
To  fet  him  free  from  his  captivity. 


Entet 


King  Henri  VI.  369 

Enter  King  Edward,  and  a  Huntfman  with  him. 

Hunt.  This  way,    my  lord,  for  this  way  lies  the  game. 

K.  Edw.  Nay,  this  way,  man  ;  fee,  where  the  huntf- 
men  fland. 

Now,  brother  Glo'fter,   Haftings,  and  the  reft, 
Stand  you  thus  clofe  to  ileal  the  Bifhop's  deer  ? 

Glo.  Brother,  the  time  and  cafe  requireth  hafte, 
Your  horfe  ftands  ready  at  the  park-corner. 

K.  Edzv.  But  whither  fhall  we  then  ? 

Haft.  To  Lyn,  my  lord, 
And  (hip  from  thence  to  Flanders. 

Glo.  Well  gueft,  believe  me,  for  that  was  my  meaning. 

K.  Edw.  Stanley^  I  will  requite  thy  forwardnefs. 

Glo,  But  wherefore  flay  we  ?  'tis  no  time  to  talk. 

K.  Edw.  Huntfman,  what  fay'il  thou  ?    wilt  thou  go 
along  ? 

Hunt.  Better  do  fo,  than  tarry  and  be  hang'd. 

Glo.  Come  then  away,  let's  ha'  no  more  ado. 

K.  Edw.  Bilhop,  farewel  \  fhield  thee  from  lVarwick'% 
frown  ; 
And  pray,  that  I  may  repofTefs  the  Crown.         [Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to  the  Tower  in  London. 

Enter  King  Henry,  Clarence,  Warwick,  Somerfet,  young 
Richmond,  Oxford,  Montague,  and  Lieutenant  of  ths 
Tower. 

£.  Henry.  TV   >TR.  Lieutenant,  now  that  God  and  friends 
XVJL  Have  fhaken  Edward  from  the  regal  Seat3 
\nd  turn'd  my  captive  ftate  to  liberty, 
vly  fear  to  hope,  my  forrows  unto  joys  ; 
\l  our  enlargement  what  are  thy  due  fees  ? 
Lieu.  Subjects    may  challenge  nothing   of  their  Sove- 
raigns  ; 

But  if  an  humble  prayer  may  prevail, 
then  crave  Pardon  of  your  Majefty. 

Vol.  IV,  A  a  K, Henry, 


3?o  The  Third  Tart  of 

K.  Henry.  For  what,  lieutenant  ?  for  well  ufing  me  ? 
Nay,  be  thou  fure,  I'll  well  requite  thy  kindnefs  5 
For  that  it  made  my  imprifonment  a  pleafure  : 
Ay,  fuch  a  pleafure  as  incaged  birds 
Conceive,  when  after  many  moody  thoughts, 
At  laft,  by  notes  of  houfhold  harmony, 
They  quite  forget  their  lofs  of  liberty. 
But  Warwick,  after  God,  thou  fett'ft  me  free, 
And  chiefly  therefore  I  thank  God  and  thee  : 
He  was  the  author,  thou  the  inftrument. 
Therefore  that  I  may  conquer  fortune's  fpight, 
By  living  low,  where  fortune  cannot  hurt  me  s 
And  that  the  people  of  this  bleffed  Land 
May  not  be  punifh'd  with  my  thwarting  liars  ; 
Warwick,  although  my  head  ftill  wear  the  Crown, 
I  here  refign  my  Government  to  thee, 
For  thou  art  fortunate  in  all  thy  deeds. 

War.  Your  Grace  hath  ftill  been  fam'd  for  virtuous, 
And  now  may  feem  as  wife  as  virtuous, 
By  fpying  and  avoiding  fortune's  malice  \ 
For  few  men  rightly  temper  with  the  ftars  ; 
Yet  in  this  one   thing  let  me  blame  your  Grace, 
For  chufing  me,  when  Clarence  is  in  place. 

Clar.  No,  Warwick,  thou  art  worthy  of  the  fway, 
To  whom  the  heav'ns  in  thy  nativity 
Adjudg'd  an  olive  branch  and  lawrel  Crown, 
As  likely  to  be  bleft  in  peace  and  war  ; 
And  therefore  I  yield  thee  my  free  confent. 

War.  And  I  chufe  Clarence  only  for  Protector. 

K.  Henry.  Warwick  and  Clarence,    give  me  both  your 
hands  ; 
Now  join  your  hands,     and   with    your    hands,    your 

hearts^ 
That  no  diffention  hinder  Government. 
I  make  you  both  Protectors  of  this  Land, 
While  I  my  felf  will  lead  a  private  life  > 
And  in  devotion  fpend  my  latter  days, 
To  fin's  rebuke  and  my  Creator's  praife. 

War.  What  anfwers  Clarence  to  his  Sov'raign's  will  ? 

Clar. 


Kmg  Henry  VI.  371 

Clar.  That  he  confents,  if  Warwick  yield  confent ; 
For  on  thy  fortune  I  rejpofe  my  felf. 

War.  Why  then,  though  loth,  yet  mud  I  be  content : 
We'll  yoak  together,  like  a  double  fhadow 
To   Henry's  body,  and  fupply  his  place  ; 
I  mean,  in  bearing  weight  of  Government, 
While  he  enjoys  the  honour,  and  his  eafe. 
And,  Clarence,  now  then  it  is  more  than  needful, 
Forthwith  that  Edward  be  pronounc'd  a  traitor  -, 
And  all  his  lands  and  goods  confifcated* 

Clar.  What  elfe  ?  and  that  Succefllon  be  determinM 

War.  Ay,  therein  Clarence  (hall  not  want  his  part. 

K.  Henry.  But  with  the  firft  of  all  our  chief  affairs, 
Let  me  intreat,  for  I  command  no  more, 
That  Margaret  your  Queen  and  my  fon  Edward 
Be  fent  for,  to  return  from  France  with  fpeed* 
For  till  I  fee  them  here,  by  doubtful  fear 
My  joy  of  liberty  is  half  eclips'd. 

Clar.  It  mail  be  done,  my  Sov'raign,  with  all  fpeed. 

K.  Henry.  My  lord  of  Somerfet,   what  Youth  is  that, 
Of  whom  you  feem  to  have  fo  tender  care  ? 

Som.  My  liege,  it  is  young  Henry,  Earl  of  Richmond. 

K.  Henry.    Come  hither,    England's   Hope  :    if  fecret 
Powers  [Lays  his  hand  on  his  head. 

Suggefl:  but  truth  to  my  divining  thoughts, 
This  pretty  lad  will  prove  our  Country's  blifs. 
His  looks  are  full  of  peaceful  Majefty, 
His  head  by  nature  fram'd  to  wear  a  Crown, 
His  hand  to  wield  a  fcepter,  and  himfelf 
Likely  in  time  to  blefs  a  regal  Throne. 
Make  much  of  him,  my  lords  ;  for  this  is  he 
Muft  help  you  more,  than  you  are  hurt  hy  me. 

Enter  a  Toft. 

War.  What  news,  my  friend  ? 

Poft.  That  Edward  is  efcaped  from  your  brother, 
And  fled,  as  he  hears  fince,  to  Burgundy. 

War.  Unfavory  news  ;  but  how  made  he  efcape  ? 

Poft.  He  was  convey'd  by  Richard  Duke  of  Glo'fter, 
And  the  lord  Haftwgs,  who  attended  him 

A  a  2  In 


17  z  The  Third  "Tart  of 

In  fecret  ambufh  on  the  foreft-fide, 

And  from  the  Bifhop's  huntfmen  refcu'd  him  : 

For  hunting  was  his  daily  exercife. 

War.  My  brother  was  too  carelefs  of  his  charge. 
But  let  us  hence,  my  Sov'jraign,  to  provide 
A  falve  for  any  fore  that  may  betide.  {Exeunt. 

Manent  Somerfet,  Richmond,  and  Oxford. 

Som.  My  lord,  I  like  not  of  this  flight  of  Edward's  : 
For,  doubtlefs,  Burgundy  will  yield  him  help, 
And  we  fhall  have  more  wars  before' t  be  long. 
As  Henry's  late  prefaging  prophecy 
Did  glad  my  heart,  with  hope  of  this  young  Richmond ; 
So  doth  my  heart  mif-give  me,  in  thefe  Conflicts 
"What  may  befal  him,  to  his  harm  and  ours. 
Therefore,  lord  Oxford,  to  prevent  the  word, 
Forthwith  we'll  fend  him  hence  to  Britany, 
Till  ftorms  be  paft  of  civil  enmity. 

Oxf;  Ay,  for  if  Edward  re-poflfefs  the  Crown, 
'Tis  like,  that  Richmond  with  the  reft  {hall  down. 

Som.  It  fhall  be  fo  ;    he  fhall  to  Brit  any. 
Come  therefore,  let's  about  it  fpeedily.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to  York. 

Emer  King  Edward,  Glocefter,  Haft  in gs,  and  Soldiers] 

K.  Edw.  ^T O  W,    brother  Richard,  Hajlings,  and  the 

1\|  reft, 

Yet  thus  far  Fortune  maketh  us  amends ; 
And  fays,  that  once  more  I  fhall  enterchange 
My  wained  ftate  for  Henry's  regal  Crown. 
Well  have  we  pafs'-d,  and  now  repafs*d  the  feas, 
And  brought  defired  help  from  Burgundy. 
What  then  remains,  we  being  thus  arriv'd 
From  Ravenfpurg,  before  the  gates  of  Tork? 
But  that  we  enter,  as  into  our  Dukedom  ? 

Glo. 


King  Henry  VI.  375 

Glo.  The  gates  made  faft  !  brother,  I  like  not  this. 
For  many  men,  that  (tumble  at  the  threfhold, 
Are  well  foretold  that  danger  lurks  within. 

K.  Edw.  Tufh !    man,    aboadments  muft  not  now  af- 
fright us  : 
By  fair  or  foul  means  we  muft  enter  in, 
For  hither  will  our  friends  repair  to  us. 

Haft.  My  liege,   I'll    knock   once   more  to  fummon 
them, 

Enter,  on  the  Walls,  the  Mayor  of  York  and  his  Brethren. 

Mayor.   My    lords,    we    were    fore-warned  of  your 
coming, 
And  fhut  the  gates  for  fafety  of  our  felves  ; 
For  now  we  owe  allegiance  unto  Henry. 

K.  Edw.  But,   mailer  Mayor,    if  Henry  be  your  King, 
Yet  Edward,  at  the  lead,  is  Duke  of  York.  fiefs. 

Mayor.  True,    my   good  lord,   I  know  you  for   no 

K.  Edw.  Why,  and  I  challenge  nothing  but  my  Duke- 
As  being  well  content  with  that  alone.  [dom  ; 

Glo.  But  when  the  fox  has  once  got  in  his  nofe, 
He'll  foon  find  means  to  make  the  body  follow.     \Afide. 

Haft.  Why,  mafter  Mayor,  why  (land  you  in  a  doubt? 
Open  the  gates,  we  are  King  Henry9s  friends. 

Mayor.  Ay,  fay  you  fo  ?  the  gates  (hall  then  be  open'd» 

SJHe  defcends. 

Glo.  A  wife  (tout  Captain,  and  perfuaded  foon  ! 

Haft.  The  good  old  man  would  fain  that  all  were  well, 
So  'twere  not  long  of  him  ;  but  being  enter'd, 
I  doubt  not,  I,  but  we  mail  foon  perfuade 
Both  him  and  all  his  brothers  unto  realbn. 

Enter  the  Mayor,  and  two  Aldermen. 

K.  Edw.  So,  mafter  Mayor  ;   thefe  gates  muft  not  be 
ihut 
But  in  the  night,  or  in  the  time  of  war. 
What,  fear  not,  man,  but  yield  me  up  the  keys ; 

[Takes  his  Keys. 
For  Edward  will  defend  the  town  and  thee, 
And  all  thofe  friends,  thap  deign  to  follow  me. 

A  a  3  March. 


374  tt*  Third  Tart  of  ] 

March.     Enter  Montgomery,  with  Drum  and  Soldiers, 

Glo.  Brother,  this  is  Sir  John  Montgomery 
Our  trufty  friend,  unlefs  I.  be  deceiv'd.  [arms  ? 

K.  Edw.  Welcome,  Sir  John  ;   but  why  come  you  in  1 

Mont.  To  help  King  Edward  in  his  time  of  ftorm, 
As  every  loyal  Subject  ought  to  do. 

K.Edw.  Thanks,  good  Montgomery:  but  we  now  forget  ] 
Our  Title  to  the  Crown,  and  only  claim 
Our  Dukedom,  til]  God  pleafe  to  fend  the  reft. 

Mont.  Then  fare  you  well,  for  I  will  hence  again  ; 
I  came  to  ferve  a  King,  and  not  a  Duke  : 
Drummer,  ftrike  up,  and  let  us  march  away. 

['The  Drum  begins  a  March. 

K.  Edw.  Nay,    flay,    Sir  John,    a  while  ;    and    we'll  t 
debate, 
By  what  fafe  means  the  Crown  may  be  recover'd. 

Mont.  What  talk  you  of  debating  ?  in  few  words, 
If  you'll  not  here  proclaim  your  felf  our  King, 
I'll  leave  you  to  your  fortune,  and  be  gone 
To  keep  them  back  that  come  to  fuccour  you. 
Why  (hall  we  fight,  if  you  pretend  no  title  ? 

Glo.  Why,     brother,    wherefore  ftand    you    on   nice  I 
points  ? 

K.  Edw.  When  we  grow  ftronger,    then  we'll  make  I 
our  Claim  : 
Till  then,  'tis  wifdom  to  conceal  our  meaning. 

Haft.  Away  with  fcrupulous  wit,  now  arms  muft  rule, 

Glo.  And  fearlefs  minds  climb  fooneft  unto  Crowns. 
Brother,  we  will  proclaim  you  out  of  hand  ; 
The  bruit  thereof  will  bring  you   many  friends. 

K.  Edw.  Then  be  it,  as  you  will  ;  for  'tis  my  Right ;  \ 
And  Henry  but  ufurps  the  Diadem. 

Mont.  Ay,  now  my  Sov'raign  fpeaketh  like  himfelf ; 
And  now  will  I  be  Edward's  champion. 

Haft.  Sound  trumpet,  Edward  (hall  be  here  proclaim'd  : 
Come,  fellow-foldier,  make  thou  proclamation.    [Flourifh. 

Sold.  Edward  the  fourth    by  the  grace  of  God,    King  of 
England  and  France 3  and  lord  of  Ireland,  &ca 

Montt 


King  Henry  VI.  $7 % 

Mont,  And  whofoe'er  gain-fays  King  Edward's  Right, 
By  this  I  challenge  him  to  fingle  Fight. 

[Throws  down  his  Gauntlet. 

All,  Long  live  Edward  the  fourth  ! 

K.  Edw,  Thanks,  brave  Montgomery  ;  and  thanks  to  all. 
If  fortune  ferve  me,  I'll  requite  this  kindnefs. 
Now,  for  this  night,  let's  harbour  here  in  York: 
And  when  the  morning  Sun  fhall  raife  his  Car 
Above  the  border  of  this  horizon, 
We'll  forward  towards  Warwick,  and  his  mates  \ 
For  well  I  wot,   that  Henry  is  no  foldier. 
Ah,  froward  Clarence,  evil  it  befeems  thee 
To  flatter  Henry,  and  forfake  thy  brother ! 
Yet  as  we  may,  we'll  meet  both  thee  and  Warwick, 
Come  on,    brave  foldiers,   doubt  not  of  the  day  : 
And  That  once  gotten,  doubt  not  of  large  Pay.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  again  to  London. 

Enter  King  Henry,    Warwick,   Montague,  Clarence, 
Oxford,  and  Somerfet. 

War,  TTjTH  AT  counfel,  lords?  Edward  from  Belgia, 
V  Y    With  hafty  Germans ,  and  blunt  Hollanders, 
Hath  pafs'd  in  fafety  through  the  narrow  feas  ; 
And  with  his  troops  doth  march  amain  to  London  ; 
And  many  giddy  people  flock  to  him. 

K.  Henry,  Let's  levy  men,  and  beat  him  back  again, 
Clar,  A  little  fire  is  quickly  trodden  out, 
Which,  being  fuffer'd,  rivers  cannot  quench. 

War,  In  Warwick/hire  I  have  true-hearted  friends, 
Not  mutinous  in  peace,    yet  bold  in  war, 
Thofe  will  I  mufler  up  ;  and  thou,  Son  Clarence, 
Shalt  ftir,  in  Suffolk,  Norfolk,  and  in  Kent, 
The  Knights  and  Gentlemen  to   come  with  thee. 
Thou,   brother  Montague,  in  Buckingham, 
Northampton,  and  in  Leicefterjhire,  fhalt  find 
Men  well  inclin'd  to  hear  what  thou  command'ft. 
And  thou,  brave  Oxford,  wondrous  well  belov'd, 

A  a  4  la 


376  %T°e  Thtrd  Tart  of 

In  Oxford/hire  (halt  mufter  up  thy  friends. 
My  Sov'raign,  with  the  loving  citizens, 
(Like  to  his  IQand  girt  with  th'  Ocean, 
Or  modeft  Dian  circled  with  her  Nymphs,) 
Shall  reft  in  London,  till  we  come  to  him  : 
Fair  lords,  take  leave,  and  fianci  not  to  reply. 
Farewel,  my  Soveraign. 

K.  Henr.  Farewel,  my  Heffor,  and  my  Troy's  true  hope. 

Clar.  In  fign  of  truth,  I  kifs  your  Highnefs'  hand. 

K.Henry*  Well-minded  Clarence,  be  thou  fortunate! 

Mont.  Comfort,,  my  lord,  and  fo  I  take  my  leave. 

Oxf.  And  thus  I  feal  my  truth,  and  bid  adieu. 

K.  Henry.  Sweet  Oxford,  and  my  loving  Montague, 
And  all  at  once,  once  more  a  happy  farewel. 

War.  Farewel,  fweet  lords  ;  let's  meet  at  Coventry. 

[Exeunt. 

K.  Henry.  Here  at  the  Palace  will  I  reft  a  while. 
Coufin  of  Exeter,  what  thinks  your  lordfhip  ? 
Methinks,-  the  Pow'r,  that  Edward  hath  infield, 
Should  not  be  able  to  encounter  mine. 

Exe.  The  doubt  is,  that  he  will  feduce  the  reft. 

K.  Henry.  That's  not  my  fear,  my  meed  hath  got  me 
fame  : 
I  have  not  ftopt  mine  ears  to  their  demands, 
Nor  polled  off  their  fuits  with  flow  delays  ; 
My  pity  hath  been  balm  to  heal  their  wounds, 
My  mildnefs  hath  allay'd  their  fwelling  griefs, 
My  mercy  dry'd  their  water-flowing  tears. 
I  have  not  been  defirous  of  their  wealth, 
Nor  much  oppreft  them  with  great  fubfidics, 
Nor  forward  of  revenge,  though  they  much  err'd. 
Then  why  fhould  they  love  Edward  more  than  me  ? 
No,  Exeter,  thefe  graces  challenge  grace  : 
And  when  the  lion  fawns  upon  the  lamb, 
The  lamb  will  never  ceafe  to  follow  him. 

[Shout  within.    A  Lancafter !  a  Lancafter ! 
Exe.  Hark,  hark,  my  lord,  what  fhouts  are  thefe  ? 

Enter 


King  Henri  VI. 


177 


Enter  King  Edward  and  his  Soldiers. 

K.  Edw.  Seize  on  the  fhame-fac'd   Henry,    bear  him 
And  once  again  proclaim  us  King  of  England.         [hence, 
You  are  the  fount,  that  make  fmall  brooks  to  flow ; 
Now  (lops  thy  fpring,  my  fea  fhall  fuck  them  dry, 
And  fwell  fo  much  the  higher,   by  their  ebb. 
Hence  with  him  to  the  Tower,   let  him  not  fpeak. 

[Ex.  with  King  Henry, 
And,  lords,  to  Coventry  bend  we  our  Courfe, 
Where  peremptory  Warwick  now  remains. 
The  Sun  mines  hot ;  and  if  we  ufe  delay, 
Cold  biting  winter  mars  our  hop'd-for  hay. 

Glo.  Away  betimes,  before  his  forces  join  ; 
And  take  the  great-grown  Traitor  unawares  : 
Brave  warriors,  march  amain  towards  Coventry,    [Exeunt. 


ACT    V. 

SCENE,  before  the  Town  of  Coventry. 

Enter  Warwick,  the  Mayor  of  Coventry,  two  Meffengers 
and  others,  upon  the  walls. 

Warwick. 

HERE  is  the  Poft,  that  came  from  valiant 

Oxford  ? 
How  far  hence  is  thy  lord,  mine  honed  fel- 
low? 
i  Mef.  By  this  at  Bunfmore,  marching  hi- 
ther-ward. 
War,  How  far  off  is  our  brother  Montague  ? 
Where  is  the  Poft,  that  came  from  Montague  ? 
2  Mef.  By  this  at  Daintry,  with  a  puhTant  troop. 

Evttr 


378  tfbe  Third  Tart  of  ! 

Enter  Somervile. 

War.  Say,  Somervile,  what  fays  my  loving  Son  ? 
And  by  thy  guefs  how  nigh  is  Clarence  now  ? 

Somerv.  At  Soutbam  I  did  leave  him  with  his  forces, 
And  do  expect  him  here  fome  two  hours  hence. 

War.  Then  Clarence  is  at  hand,  I  hear  his  drum. 

Somerv.  It  is  not  his,  my  lord  :  here  Soutbam  lyes: 
The  drum,  your  Honour  hears,  marcheth  from  Warwick* 

War.    Who    mould    that   be  ?    belike,    unlook'd-for 
friends. 

Somerv.  They  are  at  hand,  and  you  (hall  quickly  know. 

■March.     Flourijh.     Enter  King  Edward,  Glocefter,   and 

Soldiers. 

K.  Edw.    Go,  trumpet,    to  the  walls,   and  found  a 
Parle. 

Glo.  See,  how  the  furly  Warwick  mans  the  wall. 

War.  Oh,  unbid  fpight !  is  fportful  Edward  come  ? 
Where  flept  our  fcouts,  or  how  are  they  feduc'd, 
That  we  could  hear  no  news  of  his  Repair  ? 

K.  Edw.  Now,  Warwick,  wilt  thou  ope  the  city -gates, 
Speak  gentle  words,  and  humbly  bend  thy  knee, 
Call  Edward  King,  and  at  his  hands  beg  mercy  ? 
And  he  mall  pardon  thee  thefe  outrages. 

War.  Nay,  rather,  wilt  thou  draw  thy  forces  hence, 
Confefs  who  fet  thee  up  arid  pluck'd  thee  down, 
Call  Warwick  Patron,  and  be  penitent  ? 
And  thou  (halt  ftill  remain  the  Duke  of  York. 

Glo.  I  thought,  at  leaft,  he  would  have  faid  the  King  j 
Or  did  he  make  the  jeft  agajnft  his  will  ? 

War.  Is  not  a  Dukedom,  Sir,  a  goodly  gift? 

Glo.  Ay,  by  my  faith,  for  a  poor  Earl  to  give : 
I'll  do  thee  fervice  for  fo  good  a  gift. 

War.  'Twas  I,  that  gave  the  Kingdom  to  thy  brother. 

K.Edw.   Why,  then  'tis  mine,  if  but  by  Warwick's 


cnfr 


War.  Thou  art  no  Atlas  for  fo  great  a  weight : 
And,  Weakling,  Warwick  takes  his  gift  again  ; 
And  Henry  is  my  King,  Warwick  his  Subject. 

K.  Edw. 


Ktng  Henry  VI.  }7? 

K.  Edw.  But  Warwick's  King  is  Edward's  prifoner : 
And,  gallant  Warwick,  do  but  anfwer  this, 
What  is  the  body  when  the  head  is  off? 

Glo.  Alas,  that  Warwick  had  no  more  fore-caft, 
But  while  he  thought  to  Ileal  the  fingle  ten, 
The  King  was  (lily  finger'd  from  the  Deck  :  (20) 
You  left  poor  Henry  at  the  Bifhop's  palace, 
And,  ten  to  one,  you'll  meet  him  in  the  Tower, 

K.  Edw.  'Tis  even  fo  •,  yet  you  are  Warwick  ftill. 

Glo.  Come,   Warwick,    take  the  time,    kneel  down, 
kneel  down  : 
Nay,  when  ?  ftrike  now,  or  elfe  the  iron  cools. 

War.  I'd  rather  chop  this  hand  off  at  a  blow, 
And  with  the  other  fling  it  at  thy  face, 
Than  bear  fo  low  a  fail,  to  ftrike  to  thee. 

K.  Edw.  Sail,  how  thou  canft  •,  have  wind  and  tide  thy 
friend  ; 

This  hand,  fait  wound  about  thy  coal-black  hair, 
Shall,  while  thy  head  is  warm  and  new  cut  off, 
Write  in  the  duft  this  fentence  with  thy  blood  ; 
Wind-changing  Warwick  now  can  change  no  more. 

(20)  But  while  he  thought  to  fieal  the  fingle  ten, 
The  King  was  Jlily  finger'd  from  the  Deck.]  Tho  there  may  feem  no 
Confonance  of  Metaphors  betwixt  a  fingle  Ten  and  a  Deck,  the  latter 
Word  being  grown  obfolete,  and  not  acknowledged  by  our  Diaionanes  in 
the  Senfe  here  required ;  yet  Deck,  in  all  our  Northern  Counties,  is  to  this 
day  ufed  to  fignify  a  Pack  or  Stock  of  Cards. 

The  Allufion  to  Cards  every  Reader  muft  have  obferv'd  is  very  familiar 
with  our  Author ;  but  Til  fubjoin  a  few  Inftances  in  Proof,  that  occur  to 
me  at  prefent. 
Antony  and  Cleopatra. 

1  -  M>»  Eros,  She 

Pack'd  Cards  with  Oefar. 
Titus  Andronicus. 

As  fure  a  Card,  as  ever  won  the  Set, 
Taming  the  Shrew. 

A  Vengeance  on  your  crafty  withered  Hide  f 

Yet  I  have  facd  it  with  a  Card  of  Ten. 

\  Henry  VI. 

There  all  is  marr'd',  there  lies  a  cooling  Card, 

King  John. 

Have  I  not  here  the  heft  Cards  for  the  Gaviz, 
To  win  this,  eafie  Match  playM  for  a  Cro-wn. 
And  Jhall  I  now  give  o'er  the  yielded  Sett  ? 

Enter 


3  80  The  Third  Tart  of 

Enter  Oxford,  with  Drum  and  Colours. 

%%'  o°/Chf/rf^1  ?°]TrS !  fee'  where  °*fi»A  comes  ! 

■    Oxf.  Oxford!  Oxford!  for  Lancafter ! 

G/o.  The  gates  are  open,  let  us  enter  too. 

K.Edw.  So  other  foes  may  fet  upon  our  backs. 
Stand  we  m  good  array  ;  for  they,  no  doubt, 
Will  lfiue  out  again  and  bid  us  battel  • 
S,n2»  the,c'ty  being  of  final]  defence, 
We  11  quickly  rouze  the  traitors  in  the  fame. 

War.  O,  welcome,  Oxford!  for  we  want  thy  help. 

Enter  Montague,  with  Drum  and  Colours. 

Mont  Montague !  Montague  !  for  Lancafter. 

Uo.  Thou,  and  thy  brother  both,  foall  buy  this  treafon 
Lv  n  with  the  deareft  blood  your  bodies  bear. 

K-Edw.  The  harder  match'd,  the  greater  viftory ; 
My  mind  prefageth  happy  gain  and  Conqueft.  ' 

Enter  Somerfet,  -with  Drum  and  Colours. 
Som.  Somerfet!  Somerfet!  for  Lancafter 
Glo    Two  of  thy  name,  both  Dukes  of  Somerfet, 
Have  fold  their  lives  unto  the  Houfe  of  York 
And  thou  lhalt  be  the  third,  if  this  fword  hold. 

Enter  Clarence,  with  Drum  and  Colours. 

War.  And,  lo  !  where  George  of. Clarence  fweeps  alone, 
Of  force  enough  to  bid  his  brother  battel  • 
With  whom  an  upright  zeal  to  Right  prevails 
More  than  the  nature  of  a  brother's  love. 
Come,  Clarence,  come;  thou  wilt,  if  Warwick  call 

\_A  Parley  ts  founded ;  Richard  and  Clarence  whifper 
together ;  and  then  Clarence  takes  his  red  Rofe  out  of 
bis  Hat,  and  throws  it  at  Warwick.]  (21) 

Clar.  Father  of  Warwick,  know  you,'  what  this  means  ? 
.look,  here,  I  throw  my  infamy  at  thee : 

I 

(21)  J  Parley  is  founded,  &c]    This  necefiary  Note  of  Direftion 
wkch  e*plalns  the  Mater  in  Attion,  I  xeftof  Aora  Ae  oldg^ 

And, 


King  Henry  VL  381 

I  will  not  ruinate  my  father's  Houfe, 

Who  gave  his  blood  to  lime  the  ftones  together, 

And  fet  up  Lanca/ler.     Why,  trow'ft  thou,  Warwick? 

That  Clarence  is  fo  harih,  fo  blunt,  unnatural, 

To  bend  the  fatal  inftruments  of  war 

Againft  his  brother,  and  his  lawful  King  ? 

Perhaps,  thou  wilt  object  my  holy  oath: 

To  keep  that  oath  were  more  impiety, 

Than  Jeptbah\  when  he  facrific'd  his  daughter. 

I  am  fo  forry  for  my  trefpafs  made, 

That,  to  deferve  well  at  my  brother's  hands, 

I  here  proclaim  my  felf  thy  mortal  foe  : 

With  refolution,  wherefoe'er  I  meet  thee, 

(As  I  will  meet  thee,  if  thou  ftir  abroad,) 

To  plague  thee  for  thy  foul  mif  leading  me. 

And  fo,  proud -hearted  Warwick,  I  defie  thee, 

And  to  my  brother  turn  my  blufhing  cheeks. 

Pardon  me,  Edward,  I  will  make  amends : 

And,  Richard,  do  not  frown  upon  my  faults ; 

For  I  will  henceforth  be  no  more  unconftant. 

K.  Edw.    Now  welcome  more,   and  ten  times  moffe 
belov'd, 
Than  if  thou  never  hadft  dsferv'd  our  hate. 

Glo.  Welcome,  good  Clarence,  this  is  brother-liktf. 

War.  O  paffing  traitor,  perjur'd  and  unjuft  ! 

K.  Edw.  What,  Warwick?   wilt  thou  leave  the  town 
and  fight  ? 
Or  (hall  we  beat  the  ftones  about  thine  ears  ? 

War.  Alas,  I  am  not  coop'd  here  for  defence : 
I  will  away  towards  Barnet  prefently, 
And  bid  thee  battel,  Edward,  if  thou  dar'ft. 

K.  Edw.  Yes,  Warwick,  Edward  dares,  and  leads  the 
way : 
Lords,  to  the  field  ;  St.  George  and  victory  !        [Exeunt. 

March.   Warwick  and  his  Company  follow. 

And,  without  it,  it  is  impoflible  that  any  Reader  can  guefs  at  the  Mean- 
ing of  this  Line  of  Clarence ; 

Look,  here  If  brow  my  Jnfamy  at  'thee, 

SCENE, 


38 1  The  Third  Tart  of 

SCENE,  a  Field  of  Battel  near  Barnet. 

Alarm   and  Excurftons.    '  Enter  Edward,    bringing  forth 

Warwick  wounded. 


K.  Edw,  Q  O,   lye  thou  there  \   die  thou,    and  die  our 

^3         Fear  ; 
For  Warwick  was  a  bug,  that  fcar'd  us  all. 
Now,  Montague^  fit  fail,  I  feek  for  thee  ; 
That  Warwick's  bones  may  keep  thine  company.      [Exit, 

War,  Ah,  who  is  nigh  ?  come  to  me,  friend,  or  foe, 
And  tell  me,  who  is  viclor,  York,  or  Warwick  ? 
"Why  ask  I  that  ?  my  mangled  body  fhews, 
My  blood,  my  want  of  ftrength,  my  fick  heart  fhews, 
That  I  mufl  yield  my  body  to  the  earth, 
And,  by  my  Fall,  the  Conquefl  to  my  foe. 
Thus  yields  the  Cedar  to  the  ax's  edge, 
Whofe  arms  gave  melter  to  the  princely  eagle ; 
Under  whofe  fhade  the  ramping  lion  flept, 
Whofe  top  branch  over-peer'd  Jove's  fpreading  tree, 
And  kept  low  fhrubs  from  winter's  pow'rful  wind. 
Thefe  eyes,  that  now  are  dim'd  with  death's  black  veil, 
Have  been  as  piercing  as  the  mid-day  Sun, 
To  fearch  the  fecret  treafons  of  the  world. 
The  wrinkles  in  my  brow,  now  fill'd  with  blood, 
Were  lik'ned  oft  to  kingly  fepulchres : 
For  who  liv'd  King,  but  I  could  dig  his  grave  ? 
And  who  durft  fmile,  when  Warwick  bent  his  brow  ? 
Lo,  now  my  glory  fmear'd  in  duft  and  blood, 
My  parks,  my  walks,  my  manors  that  I  had,  (22) 

(22)  My  Parks,  my  Walks,  my  Manors  that  1  had, 
E<vn  now  forfake  me  ;  and  of  all  my  Lands 

Is  nothing  left  me,  but  my  Body's  Length. ~\     I   won't  venture  tp  affirm,  oui*| 
Author  is  imitating  Horace  here;  but,  furely,  this  Paflage  is  very  mwchj 
of  a  Cait  with  that  which  I  am  about  to  quote. 
L-nquenda  Tellus  &  Domus,   dff  placens 
Uxor ;  neq}  harum,  quas  colis,  Arborum 
t7>?  prater  in<vifas  CupreJJbs, 

Ulla  brevem  Dominum  fequetur. 

lib.  ii.  Ode  14. 

2  Ev'ait 


King  Henry  VL  383 

Iv'n  now  forfake  me ;  and  of  all  my  lands 

s  nothing  left  me,  but  my  body's  length. 
Why,  what  is  pomp,  rule,  reign,  but  earth  and  duft? 
And  live  we  how  we  can,  yet  die  we  muft. 

Enter  Oxford  and  Somerfet. 

Som.  Ah,  Warwick,  Warwick,  wert  thou  as  we  are, 
We  might  recover  all  our  lofs  again : 
The  Queen  from  France  hath  brought  a  puifiant  power : 

v'n  now  we  heard  the  news :  ah,  could'ft  thou  fly  ! 

War.  Why,  then  I  would  not  fly. Ah,  Montague, 

f  thou  be  there,  fweet  brother,  take  my  hand, 
And  with  thy  lips  keep  in  my  foul  a  while. 
Thou  lov'ft  me  not;  for,  brother,  if  thou  did  ft, 
Thy  tears  would  walli  this  cold  congealed  blood, 
That  glews  my  lips,  and  will  not  let  me  fpeak. 
Come  quickly,  Montague,  or  I  am  dead. 

Som.  Ah  Warwick,  Montague  hath  breath'd  his  laft, 
And  to  the  lateft  gafp  cry'd  out  for  Warwick : 
And  faid,  Commend  me  to  my  valiant  brother. 
And  more  he  would  have  faid,  and  more  he  fpoke, 
Which  founded  like  a*annon  in  a  vault,  tutnui 

That  might  not  be  diftinguifh'd  •,  but  at  laft  <*&-  3 

I  well  might  hear  deliver'd  with  a  groan, 
O,  farewel,  Warwick! 

War.  Sweetly  reft  his  foul ! 
?ly,  lords,  and  fave  your  felves  ;  for  Warwick  bids 
You  all  farewel,  to  meet  again  in  heaven.  [Dies. 

Oxf.  Away,  away,  to  meet  the  Queen's  great  power. 
[They  bear  away  his  Body,  and  Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to  another  Part  of  the  Field. 

Flourijh.    .  Enter  King  Edward  in  triumph  ;   with  Glou- 
cefter,  Clarence,  and  the  reft. 

K.  £i«i,rpHU  S  far  our  fortune  keeps  an  upward 

|  courfe, 

And  we  are  grac'd  with  wreaths  of  victory. 
~ut,  in  the  midft  of  this  bright- mining  day, 


384  "the  Third  Tart  of 

I  fpy  a  black,  fufpicious,  threatening  cloud, 
That  will  encounter  with  our  glorious  Sun, 
Ere  he  attain  his  eafeful  weftern  bed : 
I  mean,  my  lords,  thofe  Powers,  that  the  Queen 
Hath  rais'd  in  Gallia,  have  arriv'd  our  Coaft, 
And,  as  we  hear,  march  on  to  fight  with  us. 

Clar.  A  little  gale  will  foon  difperfe  that  cloud, 
And  blow  it  to  the  fource  from  whence  it  came. 
Thy  very  beams  will  dry  thofe  vapours  up  ; 
For  every  cloud  engenders  not  a  ftorm, 

Glo.  The  Queen  is  valued  thirty  thoufand  ftrong. 
And  Somerfet,  with  Oxford,  fled  to  her. 
If  (he  hath  time  to  breathe,  be  well  aflfur'd, 
Her  faction  will  be  full  as  ftrong  as  ours. 

K.  Edw.  We  are  advertis'd  by  our  loving  friends, 
That  they  do  hold  their  courfe  tow'rd  Tewksbury. 
We  having  now  the  beft  at  Barnet  field, 
Will  thither  ftraight ;  for  willingnefs  rids  way : 
And  as  we  march,  our  ftrength  will  be  augmented 
In  every  county  as  we  go  along : 
Strike  up  the  Drum,  cry,  courage  I  and  away.     {Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to  Tewksbury. 

March.      Enter  the  Queen,  Prince  of  Wales,    Somerfet, 

Oxford,  and  Soldiers. 

^a^lREAT  lords,  wife  men  ne'er  fit  and  wail 

But  chearly  feek  how  to  redrefs  their  harms. 

What  though  the  malt  be  now  blown  over-board,  (23) 

The  cable  broke,  the  holding-anchor  loft, 

And  half  our  failors  fwallow'd  in  the  flood  ? 

Yet  lives  our  Pilot  ftill.     Is't  meet,  that  he 

Should  leave  the  helm,  and,  like  a  fearful  lad, 

With 

(23)  What  though  the  Maft  he  now  blown  overboard, 
tfhe  Cable  broke,  the  holding  Anchor  loft, 

And  half  our  Sailors  fwallow'd  in  the  Flood  ?]     The  Allufion  which  the 
Queen  purfues  here,   of  the  Kingdom  harrajs'd  by  the  Calamities  of 

Civil 


King  Henry  VI.  3  8j 

With  tear-ful  eyes  add  water  to  the  fea  ; 

And  give  more  ftrength  to  That  which  hath  too  much  ? 

While  in  his  moan  the  fhip  fplits  on  the  rock, 

Which  induftry  and  courage  might  have  fav'd  ? 

Ah,  what  a  fhame  !  ah,  what  a  fault  were  this  \ 

Say,  Warwick  was  our  anchor  ;  what  of  that  ? 

And  Montague  our  top-maft  ;  what  of  him  ? 

Our  flaughter'd  friends,  the  tackle  ;  what  of  thefe  ? 

Why,  is  not  Oxford  here  another  anchor  ? 

And  Somerfet  another  goodly  mail  ? 

The  friends  of  France  our  fhrouds  and  tacklings  flill  ? 

And  though  unskilful,  why  not  Ned  and  I 

For  once  allow'd  the  skilful  pilot's  charge  ? 

We  will  not  from  the  helm  to  fit  and  weep, 

But  keep  our  courfe  (though  the  rough  wind  fay,   no,) 

From  fhelves  and  rocks  that  threaten  us  with  wrack : 

As  good  to  chide  the  waves,  as  fpeak  them  fair. 

And  what  is  Edward,  but  a  ruthlefs  fea  ? 

What  Clarence,  but  a  quick-fand  of  deceit? 

And  Richard,  but  a  ragged  fatal  rock  ? 

Civil  War,  to  a  Ship  diftrefs'd  by  hard  Weather,  feems  a  clofe  Copy 
from  this  fine  Draught  of  Horace : 
Nonne  ntides,   ut 

Nudum  remigio  Jatus, 

Et  Malus  celeri  faucius  Africo, 

Antenneeqy  gemant  ?    Ac  Jine  funibus 
Vix  durare  Carina 
FoJJint  imperiojius    . 

\&quor  ?    Non  tibi  funt  Integra  lintea,  &C. 

Lib.  i.  Ode  14. 
And  what  is  very  remarkable,  this  Image  in  both  Poets  is  made  on  the 
fame  Occafion,  on  the  Storms  of  civil  Fury.  Only  our  Poet  very  jadi- 
cioufly,  as  uiing  it  metaphorically,  is  much  fhorter  than  Horace,  who  ufed 
it  allegori  catty,  which  requir'd  its  being  drawn  out  to  greater  Length. 
There  have  been  fome  modern  Criticks,  I  know,  who  won't  allow  this 
Ode  in  the  Roman  Poet  to  be  an  Allegory  on  the  Civil  Wars ;  but  only  a 
civil  Invitation  to  a  fhatter'd  Ship,  that  bore  one  of  Horace's  Friends,  to 
ftay  quietly  in  Harbour.  But  we  may  as  fafely,  I  think,  go  along  with 
Shiintilian,  (who  muit  have  been,  at  leaft,  as  well  inform'd  in  this 
Matter)  and  he  directly  fays,  the  Ship  is  the  Roman  Commonwealth. 
Totufq;  etiam  ille  Horatii  locus,  quo  Navim  pro  Republica,  Flu&uum  Tern- 
peftates  pro  Bellis  Civilibus,  Portum  pro  Pace  atq;  Concordia  dicit. 
Inftitut.  Orator,  lib. v'm.  cap.  6.  fie  Tropis.  Mr.  Warburton. 

Vol.  IV.  Bb  All 


$U  The  Third  &  art  of 

All  thefe,  the  enemies  to  our  poor  Bark. 

Say,  you  can  fwim  ;  alas,  5tis  but  a  while ; 

Tread  on  the  fand  ;  why,  there  you  quickly  fink  : 

Beftride  the  rock  •,  the  tide  will  warn  you  off* 

Or  elie  you  famifh,  that's  a  three-fold  death* 

This  fpeak  I,  lords,  to  let  you  underftand, 

In  cafe  fome  one  of  you  would  fly  from  us, 

That  there's  no  hop'd-for  mercy  with  the  brothers, 

More  than  with  ruthlefs  waves,  with  fands,  and  rocks. 

Why,  courage,  then  !  what  cannot  be  avoided, 

'Twere  childifh  weaknefs  to  lament,  or  fear. 

Prince.  Methinks,  a  woman  of  this  valiant  fpirit 
Should,  if  a  coward  heard  her  fpeak  thefe  words, 
Infufe  his  bread  with  magnanimity, 
Arid  make  him,  naked,  foil  a  man  at  arms. 
I  fpeak  not  this,  as  doubting  any  here  : 
For  did  I  but  fufpect  a  fearful  man, 
He  mould  have  leave  to  go  away  betimes ; 
Left,  in  our  Need,  he  might  infect  another, 
And  make  him  of  like  fpirit  to  himfelf. 
If  any  fuch  be  here,  (as,  God  forbid !) 
iLtt  him  depart  before  we  need  his  help. 

Oxf  Women  and  children  of  fo  high  a  courage ! 
And  warriors  faint !  why,  'twere  perpetual  fhame. 
Oh,  brave  young  Prince !  thy  famous  Grandfather 
Doth  live  again  in  thee ;  long  may'ft  thou  live, 
To  bear  his  image,  and  renew  his  glories ! 

Som.  And  he,  that  will  not  fight  for  fuch  a  hope, 
Go  home  to  bed,  and,  like  the  owl  by  day, 
If  he  arife,  be  mock'd  and  wonder'd  at. 

Queen.  Thanks,  gentle  Somerfet ;  fweet  Oxford,  thanks. 

Prince.  And  take  his  thanks,  that  yet  hath  nothing  elfe. 

Enter  a  Mejfenger. 

Mejf.  Prepare  you,  lords,  for  Edward  is  at  hand, 
Ready  to  fight ;  therefore  be  refolute. 

Oxf.  I  thought  no  lefs  •,  it  is  his  policy, 
To  hafle  thus  fail  to  find  us  unprovided. 

Som,  But  he's  deceiv'd ;  we  are  in  readinefs* 

Queen.  This  cheers  my  heart,  to  fee  your  forwardnefs. 

Oxf 


King  H  £  Sr  n  x  VI.  3  #? 

Oxf.  Here  pitch  our  battel,  hence  we  will  not  budge. 

March.     Enter  King  Edward,  Glocefter,  Clarence,    and 

Soldiers. 

K.  Edw.   Brave  followers,    yonder  ftands  the  thorny 
wood, 
Which,  by  the  heav'ns  afliftance  and  your  ftrength, 
Mull  by  the  roots  be  hewn  up  yet  ere  night. 
I  need  not  add  more  fuel  to  your  fire, 
(For,  well  I  wot,  ye  blaze,)  to  burn  them  out : 
Give  fignal  to  the  fight,  and  to  it,  lords. 

Queen.  Lords,  Knights,  and  Gentlemen,  what  I  mould 
My  tears  gain-fay  ;  for  every  word  I  fpeak,  [fay, 

Ye  fee,  I  drink  the  water  of  my  eye : 
Therefore  no  more  but  this  5  Menry,  your  Sov'raign,. 
Is  prifoner  to  the  foe,  his  State  ufurp'd, 
His  Realm  a  flaughter-houfe,  his  Subjects  flain,- 
His  Statutes  cancell'd,  and  his  Treafure  fpent : 
And  yonder  is  the  wolf,  that  makes  this  fpoil. 
You  fight  in  juftice  :  then,  in  God's  name,  lords, 
Be  valiant,  and  give  fignal  to  the  battel. 

Alarm.    Retreat.     Excurfions.     Both  Parties  go  ouk 

Re-Enter  King  Edward,    Glocefter,    Clarence,  &c.    The 
Queen,  Oxford,  and  Somerset,  Prifoner s. 

K,  Edw.  Now  here's  a  period  of  tumultuous  broils; 
Away  with  Oxford  to  Ha?nmes-c.2&\z  ftraight : 
For  So7nerfet,  off  with  his  guilty  head. 
Go,  bear  them  hence  ;  I  will  not  hear  them  fpeak. 

Oxf.  For  my  part,  I'll  not  trouble  thee  with  words. 

So?n.  Nor  I,  but  ftoop  with  patience  to  my  fortune. 

\Exeunt* 

Queen.  So  part  we  fadly  in  this  troublous  world, 
To  meet  with  joy  in  fweet  Jerufalem. 

K.  Edw.  Is  Proclamation  made,  that  who  finds  Edvtard 
-Shall  have  a  high  reward,  and  he  his  life? 

Glo.  It  is,  and,  lo  !  where  youthful  Edward  comes* 

B  b  2  Enter 


388  The  Third  Tart  of 

Enter  the  Prince  of  Wales. 

K.  Edw.  Bring  forth  the  Gallant,  let  us  hear  him  fpeak. 
What  ?  can  fo  young  a  thorn  begin  to  prick  ? 
Edward^  what  fatisfaclion  canft  thou  make, 
For  bearing  arms,  for  ftirring  up  my  Subje&s, 
And  all  the  trouble  thou  haft  turn'd  me  to  ? 

Prince.  Speak  like  a  Subjeft,  proud  ambitious  Tori. 
Suppofe,  that  I  am  now  my  father's  mouth  ; 
Refign  thy  Chair ;  and,  where  I  Hand,  kneel  thou, 
Whilft  I  propofe  the  felf-fame  words  to  thee, 
Which,  Traitor,  thou  wouldft  have  me  anfwer  to. 

Queen.  Ah !  that  thy  father  had  been  fo  refolv'd  ! 

Glo.  That  you  might  ftill  have  worn  the  petticoat, 
And  ne'er  have  ftoln  the  breech  from  Lane  after. 

Prince.  Let  ALfop  fable  in  a  winter's  night, 
His  currifh  riddles  fort  not  with  this  place. 

Glo.  By  heaven,  Brat,  I'll  plague  ye  for  that  word, 

Queen.  Ay,  thou  waft  born  to  be  a  plague  to  men. 

Glo.  For  God's  fake,  take  away  this  captive  fcold. 

Prince*  Nay,  take  away  this  fcolding  crook-back  rather. 

K.  Edw.   Peace,  wilful  boy,    or  I  will  charm  your 
tongue. 

Cla.  Untutor'd  lad,  thou  art  too  malapert. 

Prince.  I  know  my  duty,  you're  undutiful : 
Lafcivious  Edward^  and  thou  perjur'd  George, 
And  thou  mif-ftiapen  Dick,  I  tell  ye  all, 
I  am  your  Better,  Traitors  as  ye  are  : 
And  thou  ufurp'ft  my  Father's  Right  and  mine. 

Glo.  Take  that,  thou  likenefs  of  this  railer  here. 

[Stabs  him. 

K.  Edw.  And  take  thou  that,  to  end  thy  agony. 

[Edw.  ftabs  him. 

Oar.  And  there's  for  twitting  me  with  perjury. 

[Clar.  ftabs  him. 

Queen.  Oh,  kill  me  too ! 

Glo.  Marry,  and  fhall. [Offers  to  kill  her. 

K.  Edw.  Hold,  Richard^  hold  j  for  we  have  done  too 
much. 

2  Glo. 


ICtng  Henry  VI-  $89 

Glo.  Why  fhcmld   fhe  live,   to  fill  the  world  with 
words  ? 

K.  Edw.  What  ?  doth  flie  fwoon  ?  ufe  means  for  her 
recov'ry. 

Glo.  Clarence,  excufe  me  to  the  King  my  brother : 
!*11  hence  to  London  on  a  ferious  matter. 
Ere  ye  come  there,  be  fure  to  hear  fome  news. 

Clar.  What?  what? 

Glo.  The  Tower,  man,  the  Tower! — I'll  root  'em  out, 

[Exit. 

Queen.  Oh  Ned,    fweet  Ned!   fpeak  to  thy  mother, 
Can'ft  thou  not  fpeak  ?  O  traitors,  murderers !         [Boy, 
They,  that  ftabb'd  Ccefar,  fhed  no  blood  at  all  ; 
Did  not  offend,  and  were  not  worthy  blame. 
If  this  foul  deed  were  by5  to  equal  it. 
He  was  a  man  •,  this  (in  refpecl)  a  child  ; 
And  men  ne'er  fpend  their  fury  on  a  child. 
What's  worfe  than  murtherer,  that  I  may  name  it  ? 

No,  no,  my  heart  will  burft,  and  if  I  fpeak 

And  I  will  fpeak,  that  fo  my  heart  may  burft. 

Butchers  and  villains,  bloody  cannibals, 

How  fweet  a  plant  have  you  untimely  cropt ! 

You  have  no  children,  Butchers ;  if  you  had, 

The  thought  of  them  would  have  ftirr'd  up  remorfe  ; 

But  if  you  ever  chance  to  have  a  child, 

Look,  in  his  youth  to  have  him  fo  cut  off; 

As,  Deathfmen !  you  have  rid  this  fweet  young  Prince, 

K.  Edw.  Away  with  her,  go  bear  her  hence  by  force. 

Queen.  Nay,  never  bear  me  hence,  dlfpatch  me  here : 
Here  fheath  thy  fword,  I'll  pardon  thee  my  death : 
What?  wilt  thou  not?  then,  Clarence,  do  it  thou. 

Clar.  By  heav'n,  I  will  not  do  thee  fo  much  eafe. 

Queen.   Good  Clarence,   do  -,   fweet  Clarence,   do  thou 
do  it. 

Clar.  Didft  thou  not  hear  me  fwear,  I  would  not  do  it  ? 

Queen.  Ay,  but  thou  ufeft  to  forfwear  thy  felf  : 
5Twas  fiji  before,  but  now  'tis  charity. 

What,  wilt  thou  not?  where  is  that  Devil-butcher,  (24)    £36] 

B  b  3  Richard  ? 

(24)  ,    Where  is  that  Devil's  Butcher, 

Richard  r]    Thus  all  the  Editions.     But  Devil**  Butcher,  in  other  Terms, 

I 


3po  The  Third  \P art  of 

Richard?  hard-favour'd  PJchard,  where  art  thou  ? 
Thou  art  not  here  :  Murther  is  thy  Alms-deed. 
Petitioner  for  blood  thou  ne'er  put'ft  back. 

K.  Edw.  Away,  I  fay  ^  I  charge  ye,  bear  her  hence. 

ghteen.  So  come  to  you  and  yours,  as  to  this  Prince! 

[Exit  Queen. 

K.  Edw.  Where's  Richard  gone  ? 

Clar.  To  London  all  in  poft  •,  and,  as  I  guefs. 
To  make  a  bloody  Cupper  in  the  Tower. 

K.  Edw.  He's  fudden,  if  a  thing  comes  in   his  head. 
Now  march  we  hence,  difcharge  the  common  Sort 
With  pay  and  thanks,  and  let's  away  to  London ; 
And  fee  our  gentle  Queen  how  well  me  fares ; 
By  this,  I  hope,  me  hath  a  fon  for  me.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to  the  'Tower  of  London,. 

Enter  King  Henry,  and  Glocefter,  with  the  Lieutenant  on 

Tower  Walk. 

G&./^IOOD  day,  my  lord;  what!  at  your  book  fo 
VJT  hard  ? 

K.  tlenry.  Ay,  my  good  lord ;  my  lord,  I  mould  fay 
5Tis  fin  to  flatter,  good  was  little  better :  [rather; 

Good  Glo'fter^  and  good  devil,  were  alike, 
And  both  prepoft'rous  ;  therefore^  not  good  lord. 
Glo.  Sir,  leave  us  to  our  felves,  we  mull  confer. 

[Exit  Lieutenant. 
K.  Henry.  So  flies  the  wreaklefs  fhepherd  from  the  wolf. 
So  firft  the  harmlefs  flock  doth  yield  his  fleece, 
And  next  his  throat,  unto  the  butcher's  knife. 
What  fcene  of  death  hath  Rofcius  now  to  aft  ?  (25) 

Glo. 

I  think,  is  Kill-devil :  rare  News  for  the  Freethinkers  t  if  there  were  any 
Grounds  for  depending  on  it.  But  the  Poet  certainly  wrote  devil-Butcher  \ 
and  the  firft  Part  of  the  Compound  is  to  be  taken  adjectively,  meaning, 
execrable,  infernal,  devilijh. 

(25)  What  Scene  of  Death  hath  Rofcius  now  to  att .?]     Tho  I  have  not 
difturb'd  the  Text  here,  I  cannot  but  fubjoin  my  Friend's  Sufpicion  of  it, 

in  his  own  Words. 1  believe,    there  never  was  a  fillier  Corruption 

jhan  ihis  Pending  ;  certainly  introduced  by  fonie  fhallow-pated  conceited 

Fellow, 


King  HENRY  vi.  3iM 

Glo.  Sufpicion  always  haunts  the  guilr.y  mind  * 
rhe  thief  doth  fear  each  bum  an  officer. 

K  Henry.  The  bird,  that  hath  been  limed  in  a  hum, 
With  trembling  wings  mif-doubteth  ev'ry  bufh  •, 
And  I,  the  haplefs  male  to  one  fweet  bird, 
Have  now  the  fatal  objeft  in  my  eye,. 
Where  my  poor  young  was  lim'd,  was  caught  and  kill  4, 

Glo.  Why,  what  a  peevifh  fool  was  that  of  Creet, 
That  taught  his  fon  the  office  of  a  fowl  > 
And  yet,  for  all  his  wings,  the  fool  was  drown  d, 

K.  Henry.  I,  Dedalus  *,  my  poor  boy,  Icarus  5 
Thy  father,  Minos  that  deny'd  our  courfe  ; 
The  Sun,  that  fear'd  the  wings  of  my  fweet  boy, 
Thy  brother  Edward  •,  and  thy  felf,  the  fea, 
Whofe  envious  gulph  did  fwallow  up  his  life. 
Ah,  kill  me  with  thy  weapon,  not  with  words; 
My  breaft  can  better  brook  thy  dagger's  point, 
Than  can  my  ears  that  tragick  hiftory. 
But  wherefore  doft  thou  come  ?  Is't  for  my  life  P 
Glo.  Think'ft  thou,  I  am  an  executioner  ? 
K.Henry.  A  perfecutor,  I  am  fure,  thou  art y 
|f  murth'ring  innocents  be  executing, 
Why,  then  thou  art  an  executioner. 

Glo.  Thy  fon  I  kiU'd  for  his  preemption, 

Fellow  of  the  Scene  For,  in  the  fiift  Place,  what  Similitude  between 
SKStaS  and  **«*  Scenes  of  Death  ?  B*  what  »fcU 
worfe  RaCcius  was  a  Comedian,  and  not  a  tragedian  Were  a  ttayer 
A  Kugnt  in  by  head  and  moulders  it  fhoukl  ^^^. 
—Rofcius  citatior,  ^fppus  gramor  fl*%  quod  ^^fmiKin 
Tragvdias  egit ;  fays  9uint®an.  And  to  mew  what  Kind  °™  .£ 
Plavine  i^liw  wds  famous  for,  we  need  only  cite  TuUy,  in  his  Oration 
fnThllft  that  Comedian.— Ca>  P^ 
<^   /™/]W  «M*/&*w7 :  *^5  '««*»  />™  beneficto  ei  far  gratia  refertur. 

plffage,  he  need  not  have  made  it  a  (fcdhon  »Xf*f1<wtto 
7W*  whether  Matf-i's  Plays  were  aaed  after  his  Death.)  Now  this 
being  premifed,  I  cannot  but  think  that  we  ought  to  read , 

^llb^o^CharaaerVthe  Speaker,  and  *.  <*-»££ 
was  then  in. 

b  b  4  K-  Henry- 


3 pi  The  Third  Tart  of  5 

K.  Henry.  Hadft  thou  been  kill'd,  when  firft  thou  didft 
pre  fume, 
Thou  hadft  not  liv'd  to  kill  a  fon  of  mine. 
And  thus  I  prcphefie,  that  many  a  thoufand, 
Which  now  miftrufr  no  parcel  of  my  fear, 
Anc  many  ar  old  man's  figh,  and  many  a  widow's, 
And  many  an  orphan's  water- flan  ding  eye, 
(Men  for  their  fons,  wives  for  their  husbands  fate> 
And  orphans  for  their  parents  timelefs  death,) 
Shall  rue  the  hour  that  ever  thou  waft  born. 
The  owl  mriek'd  at  thy  birth,  an  evil  fign  ; 
The  night-crow  cry*d,  a  boding  lucklefs  Tune  5 
Dogs  howl'd,  and  hideous  tempeft  fhook  down  trees ; 
The  raven  rook'd  her  on  the  chimney's  top, 
And  chattering  pyes  in  difmal  difcords  fung : 
Thy  mother  felt  more  than  a  mother's  pain, 
And  yet  brought  forth  lefs  than  a  mother's  hope  j 
To!wit,  an  indigefted  deform'd  lump, 
Not  like  the  fruit  of  fuch  a  goodly  tree. 
Teeth  hadft  thou  in  thy  head  when  thou  waft  born, 
To  fignifie,  thou  cam'ft  to  bite  the  world  : 
And,  if  the  reft  be  true  which  I  have  heard, 
Thou  cam'ft  into  the  World  with  thy  Legs  forward.  (26) 

Glo.  I'll  hear  no  more :  die  Prophet  in  thy  fpeech ; 

[Stabs  him, 

(■26)  And,  if  the  reft  he  true  which  I  have  heard, 
$hou  cam'ft  ■  Had  our  Editors  had  but  a  Grain  of 

Sagacity,  or  due  Diligence,  there  could  have  been  no  Room  for  this 
abfurd  Break  :  iince  they  might  have  ventur'd  to  fill  it  up  with  Certainty 
too.     The  old  Quarto  would  have  led  them  part  of  the  way, 

Thou  cam'ft  into  the  World 
And  that  the  Verfe  is  to  be  compleated  in  the  manner  I  have  given  it,  is 
inconteftible  ;  or  funlefs  we  fuppofe  King  Henry  actually  reproaches  him 
with  this  his  prepoflerous  Birth,    how  can  Richard  in  his  very  ne^t 
Soliloquy  fay  ? 

Indeed,  "'tis  true  that  Henry  told  me  of, 

For  I  have  often  heard  my  Mother  fay, 

I  came  into  the  World  with  my  Legs  forward. 
I  can  eafily  fee,  that  this  Blank  was  caus'd  by  the  Nicety  of  the  Players, 
to  fupprefs  an  indecent  Idea.     But,  with  SubmifTion,  this  was  making 
but  half  a  Cure,  unlefs  they  had  expung'd  the  Repetition  of  it  out  of 
Richard's  Speech  too. 

For 


'King  Henry  VI.  395 

For  this,  amongft  the  reft,  was  I  ordain'd. 
K.  Henry.    Ay,   and  For    much  more  flaughter  after 
this 

0  God  !  forgive  my  fins,  and  pardon  thee.  [Dies. 
Glo.  What !  will  th'  afpiring  blood  of  Lane  after 

Sink  in  the  ground  ?    I  thought,  it  would  have  mounted. 
See,  how  my  fword  weeps  for  the  poor  King's  death ! 

0,  may  fuch  purple  tears  be  always  fried, 

From  thofe  who  wilh  the  Downfall  of  our  Houfe. 

If  any  fpark  of  life  be  yet  remaining, 

Down,  down  to  hell,  and  fay,  I  fent  thee  thither  : 

[Stabs  him  again. 

1,  that  have  neither  pity,  love,  nor  fear. 

Indeed,  'tis  true,  that  Henry  told  me  of : 
For  I  have  often  heard  my  mother  fay, 

1  came  into  the  world  with  my  legs  forward. 
Had  I  not  reafon,  think  ye,  to  make  hafte, 
And  feek  their  ruin  that  ufurp'd  our  Right  ? 
The  midwife  wonder'd,  and  the  women  cry'd, 
O,  Jefus  blefs  us,  he  is  born  with  teeth  i 
And  fo  I  was  ;  which  plainly  fignify'd 

That  I  mould  fnarle,  and  bite,  and  play  the  dog : 

Then,  fince  the  heav'ns  have  (hap'd  my  body  fo, 

Let  hell  make  crook'd  my  mind,  to  anfwer  it. 

I  had  no  father,  I  am  like  no  father. 

I  have  no  brother,  I  am  like  no  brother  ; 

And  this  word  Love,  which  grey-beards  call  divine, 

Be  refident  in  men  like  one  another, 

And  not  in  me:  I  am  my  felf  alone. — — 

Clarence,  beware  •,  thou  keep'ft  me  from  the  light ; 

But  I  will  fort  a  pitchy  day  for  thee : 

For  I  will  buz  abroad  fuch  Prophecies, 

That  Edward  fhall  be  fearful  of  his  life, 

And  then,  to  purge  his  fear,  I'll  be  thy  death. 

!King  Henry,  and  the  Prince  his  fon,  are  gone  ; 

Clarence,  thy  Turn  is  next,  and  then  the  reft  > 

Counting  my  felf  but  bad,  till  I  be  bed. 

I'll  throw  thy  body  in  another  room  •, 

And  triumph,  Henry !  in  the  day  of  doom*  [Exit. 

SCENE, 


394  The  Third  Tart  of  | 

S  C  E  Ji  E,  the  Palace  in  London, 

fentefr    King   Edward,    Queen,    Clarence,     Glocefter, 
Haftings,  Nurfe,  and  Attendants. 

K.  &«^\NCE   more   we   fit  on  England's  royal 

\^y         Throne, 
Re-purchas'd  with  the  blood  of  enemies : 
What  valiant  foe-men,  like  to  autumn's  corn, 
Have  we  mow'd  down  in  top  of  all  their  pride  ? 
Three  Dukes  of  Somerfet,  three-fold  renown'd 
For  hardy  and  undoubted  champions : 
Two  Cliffords,  as  the  father  and  the  fon  ; 
And  two  Northumberlands  ;  two  braver  men 
Ne'er  fpurr'd  their  Courfers  at  the  trumpet's  found. 
"With  them  the  two  brave  bears,  Warwick  and  Montague* 
That  in  their  chains  fetter'd  the  kingly  Lion, 
And  made  the  foreft  tremble  when  they  roar'd. 
Thus  have  we  fwept  Sufpicion  from  our  Seat, 
And  made  our  footftool  of  Security. 
Come  hither,  Bkfs,  and  let  me  kifs  my  boy  : 
Young  Ned,  for  thee,  thine  Uncles  and  my  felf 
Have  in  pur  armours  watch'd  the  winter-night ; 
Went  all  a-foot  in  fummer's  fcalding  heat  -, 
That  thou  might' ft  re-poffefs  the  Crown  in  peace  y 
And  of  our  labours  thou  fhalt  reap  the  gain. 

Glo.  I'll  blaft  his  harveft,  if  your  head  were  laid, 
For  yet  I  am  not  look'd  on  in  the  world. 
This  moulder  was  ordain'd  fo  thick,  to  htfave  ;     ^Afide. 
And  heave  it  mail  fome  weight,  or  break  rtiy  back ; 
Work  thou  the  way,  and  that  mall  execute. 

K.  Edw.  Clarence  and  Glo'fter,  love  my  lovely  Queen  i\ 
,  And  kifs  your  princely  Nephew,  Brothers  both. 

Clar.  The  duty,  that  I  owe  your  Majefty, 
I  feal  upon  the  lips  of  this  fweet  Babe. 

Queen.  Thanks,  noble  Clarence ;  worthy  brother,  (27) 
thanks. 

(27)  Thanh,  noble  Clarence ;  worthy  Brother,  thanks."]  This  Line, 
ever  iince  the  firft  Edition  by  the  Players,  has  been  given  to  K.  Edward; 
but  I  have,  with  the  old  Quarto,  reftored  it  to  the  Queen,  from  whom 
it  comes  with  much  more  Propriety. 

Glo. 


King  Henri  VI.  395 

Glo.   And  that  I  love  the  tree,   from  whence  thou 
fprang'ft, 

Witnefs  the  loving  kifs  I  give  the  fruit. 

To  fay  the  truth,  fo  Judas  kifs'd  his  matter ;        Zjrj 
And  cry'd,  all  hail !  when  as  he  meant  all  harm.  5  J    ' 

K.  Edw.  Now  am  I  feated  as  my  foul  delights, 
Having  my  Country's  Peace  and  Brothers  Loves. 

Clar.  What  will  your  Grace  have  done  with  Margaret? 
Reignier  her  father  to  the  King  of  France 
Hath  pawn'd  the  Sicils  and  Jerufalem ; 
And  hither  have  they  fent  it  for  her  ranfom. 

K.  Edw.  Away  with  her,  and  waft  her  hence  to  France. 
And  now  what  refts  but  that  we  fpend  the  time 
With  {lately  Triumphs,  mirthful  Comick  Shows, 
Such  as  befit  the  pleafure  of  the  Court  ? 
Sound,  drums  and  trumpets ;  farewel,  fow'r  Annoy  ! 
for  here,  I  hope,  begins  our  lafting  Joy.   [Exeunt  omneu 


T  H  E 


f/a,rT<UtjL<f  knot-  .  AW^/,    ^ 

fl'arf:  ruuU   dbwjL* . 


THE 


LIFE  and  DEATH 


O  F 


RICHARD  III. 


Dramatis  Perfonse:  I 

KING  Edward IV. 

Edward  Prince  of  Wales,  afterwards  Edward  V.  ?  c      **  t?  j       *  tit 

Richard,  £>«&  of  York.  £  5^  '*  Ed*ard  IV. 

George,  Duke  of  Clarence,  Brother  to  Edward  IV. 

Richard,  Duke  of  Glocefter,   Brother  U  Edward  IV.   afterwards  Kin* 

Richard  III.  J  *' 

Cardinal,  Archhijbop  of  York. 
Duke  of  Buckingham. 
Duke  of  Norfolk, 
Earl  of  Surrey. 

Marquifs  of  Dorfet,  Son  to  Queen  Elizabeth. 
Earl  Rivers,  Brother  to  the  Queen. 
Lord  Gray,  Son  to  Queen  Elizabeth. 
Earl  of  Richmond,  afterwards  King  Henry  VII. 
Bijhof  of  Ely. 
Lord  Haftings. 

Sir  Thomas  Vaughan,  \ 

Sir  Richard  Ratcliff,p 

Lord  Intel,  £  Friends  to  the  Duke  of  Glocefter. 

Catesby,  3 

Sir  James  Tyrrel,  a  Villain. 
Thomas,    Lord  Stanley,    Lord  Steward  of  K.  Edward  IV's  Ho ufiho Id, 

afterwards  Earl  of  Derby. 
Earl  of  Oxford,  O 

Herbert  >Frietids  to  the  Earl  of  Richmond. 

Sir  William  Brandon,  3 

Brakenbury,  Lieutenant  of  the  Tower. 

Two  Children  of  the  Duke  of  Clarence. 

Lord  Mayor. 

Sir  Chriftopher  Urfwick,  a  Priejl. 

Elizabeth,  Queen  of  Edward  IV. 

Queen  Margaret,  Widow  of  Henry  VI. 

Anne,  Widow  of  Edward  Prince  of  Wales,  Son  to  Henry  VL   afterwards 

married  to  the  Duke  of  Glocefter. 
Dutchefs  of  York,  Mother  to  Edward  IV.    Clarence,  and  Richard  IIL 

Sheriff,   Purfuivant,    Citizens,  Ghofis  of  thofe  murdered  by  Richard  HL 
with  Soldiers  and  other  Attendants. 

the  SCENE,  in   ENGLAND. 


(  399  > 


The  LIFE  and  DEATH  of  (i) 

R  I  C  H  A  R  D  III. 


w>     ■' 


A  C  T   L 

SCENE,  the  Court. 

JE»/(?r  Richard  Duke  0/ Glocefter,  yj/w. 

OW  is  the  Winter  of  our  Difcontent 
Made  glorious  Summer  by  this  Sun  of  Fork: 
And  all   the  clouds.,    that  lowr'd  upon  our 

Houfe, 
In  the  deep  bofom  of  the  Ocean  bury'd. 
Now  are  our  brows  bound  with  victorious  wreaths* 
Our  bruifed  arms  hung  up  for  monuments ; 

Our 

(i)  fa  Life  and  Death  of  King  Richard  III.]  This  Tragedy,  tho.  it 
is  call'd  the  Life  and  Death  of  this  Prince,  comprizes,  at  moft,  but  the  lait 
8  Years  of  his  Time  :  For  it  opens  with  George  Duke  of  Clarence  being 
Clap'd  up  in  the  Tower,  which  happened  in  the  beginning  of  the 
Year  1477;  and  clofes  with  the  Death  of  Richard  at  Bofwortb-Md, 
which  Battle  was  fought  on  the  2  2d  of  Auguft  in  the  Year  1485.  This 
fhoit  hiftorical  Interval,  however,  is  fo  crowded  with  Incidents,  (if  plotted 

and 


4©o  King  Richard  III. 

Our  ftcrn  Alarums  chang'd  to  merry  meetings  ; 
Our  dreadful  Marches  to  delightful  meafures. 
Grim-vifag'd  War  hath  fmooth'd  his  wrinkled  front ; 
And  now,  inftead  of  mounting  barbed  fteeds 
J      To  fright  the  fouls  of  fearful  adverfaries, 
He  capers  nimbly  in  a  lady's  chamber, 
To  the  lafcivious  pleafing  of  a  lute. 
But  I,  that  am  not  fhap'd  for  fportive  tricks, 
Nor  made  to  court  an  am'rous  looking -glafs, — 
I,  that  am  rudely  ftampt,  and  want  love's  majefty, 
To  ftrut  before  a  wanton,  ambling  Nymph  -,  * 
I,  that  am  curtail'd  of  this  fair  proportion, 
Cheated  of  feature  by  dhTembling  nature, 
Deform'd,  unfininYd,  fent  before  my  time 
Into  this  breathing  world,  fcarce  half  made  up  ; 
And  that  fo  lamely  and  unfafhionably, 
That  dogs  bark  at  me,  as  I  halt  by  them  : 
Why  I,  (in  this  weak  piping  time  of  peace) 
Have  no  delight  to  pafs  away  the  time  ; 
Unlefs  to  fpy  my  fhadow  in  the  Sun, 
And  defcant  on  mine  own  deformity. 
And  therefore,  fmce  I  cannot  prove  a  lover, 
To  entertain  thefe  fair  well-fpoken  days, 
I  am  determined  to  prove  a  villain, 
And  hate  the  idle  pleafures  of  thefe  days. 
Plots  have  I  laid,  inductions  dangerous, 

and  premeditated  Murthers  may  bear  that  Title,)  that  it  is  from  the 
Beginning  to  the  End  an  Oglio  of  bloody  Diflimulation  and  ambitious 
Cruelty.  It  has  been  very  well  obferv'd  by  the  late  Mr.  Gildon,  that 
Richard^  as  he  is  drawn,  is  not  a  fit  Character  for  the  Stage  j  being 
mocking  in  all  he  does :  That  tho1  the  Antients  had  introduced  an  Atreus, 
'Thyejles,  &c.  yet  the  Cruelties  committed  by  them  have  been  the  fud- 
dain  Effeft  of  Anger  and  Revenge  :  But  Richard  is  a  calm  Villain  ;  and 
does  his  Murthers  deliberately,  wading  thro'  a  Sea  of  his  neareft  Rela- 
tions Blood  to  the  Cronvn.  -Tho'  many  worthy  and  wholefome 
Laws  were  enafted  under  the  Protectorfhip  and  Government  of  this 
Ufurper,  'tis  obvious,  that  the  Hiftorians  and  Poets,  in  loading  his 
Character,  have  at  the  fame  time  been  paying  their  Compliments  to 
that  Line,  which  gave  them  an  Elizabeth.  The  Miferies  and  Iniqui- 
ties of  Civil  War  were  richly  compenfated  in  fuch  a  Bleffing. 
"Jam  nihil,  O  Superi,  querimur  :  Scelera  ijtfa,  Nefafque, 
fide  Mercede  placenta ,  Lucan. 

By 


King  Richard  III.  40V 

By  drunken  prophefies,  libels,  and  dreams,  - 

To  fet  my  brother  Clarence  and  the  King 

In  deadly  hate,  the  one  againft  the  other : 

And,  if  King  Edward  be  as  true  and  juft, 

As  I  am  fubtle,  falfe  and  treacherous, 

This  day  mould  Clarence  clofely  be  mew'd  up ; 

About  a  Prophecy,  which  fays,  that  G     (2) 

Of  Edward's  Heirs  the  Murtherer  mail  be.         * 

Dive,  thoughts,  down  to  my  foul !  here  Clarence  comes. 

Enter  Clarence  guarded,  and  Brakenbury. 

Brother,  good  day  ;  what  means  this  armed  Guard, 
That  waits  upon  your  Grace  ? 

Clar.  His  Majefty, 
Tend'ring  my  perfon's  fafety,  hath  appointed 
-This  Conduct  to  convey  me  to  the  'Tower. 

Glo.  Upon  what  caufe  ? 

Clar.  Becaufe  my  name  is  George. 

Glo.  Alack,  my  lord,  that  fault  is  none  of  yours  : 
He  mould  for  That  commit  your  godfathers. 
Belike,  his  Majefty  hath  fome  intent, 
That  you  mould  be  new  chriftened  in  the  Tower. 
But  what's  the  matter,  Clarence,  may  I  know  ? 

Clar.  Yea,  Richard,  when  I  know ;  for,  I  proteft, 
As  yet  I  do  not ;  but  as  I  can  learn, 
He  hearkens  after  Prophefies  and  Dreams, 
And  from  the  crofs-row  plucks  the  letter  G  *, 
And  fays,   a  wizard  told  him,  that  by  G 
His  Iffue  difinherited  mould  be. 
And,  for  my  name  of  George  begins  with  G, 
It  follows  in  his  thought,  that  I  am  he. 

(2)  About  a  Prophecy ,  which  fays,  that  G 
CyEdwardV  Heirs  the  Murtherer  Jhall  be  .~\  Thefe  two  Lines  are  in  all  the 
old  Books  whatsoever,  as  well  as  in  all  the  modern  ones  that  I  have  fcen, 
except  the  two  Imprefiions  by  Mr.  Pope.  By  what  Authority  he  has 
thought  fit  to  leave  them  out,  I  don't  know  :  If  he  did  it,  becaufe 
Clarence  in  the  next  Scene  fays  fomething  much  to  the  fame  Effect,  I 
think,  that  is  no  Reafon  for  expunging  them.  Mr.  Pope  has,  in  other 
Cafes,  where  he  thought  any  Thing  Superfluous,  thrown  it  out  cf  the 
Text,  but  then  he  has  degraded  it  to  the  Bottom  of  the  Page. 

Vol.  IV.  Cc  thefe, 


4oi  King  Richard  III. 

Thefe,  as  I  learn,  and  fuch  like  toys  as  thefe, 
Have  mov'd  his  Highnefs  to  commit  me  now. 

Glo.  Why,  this  it  is,    when  men  are  rul'd  by  women, 
'Tis  not  the  King,    that  fends  you  to  the  'Tower  •, 
My  lady  Gray  his  wife,  Clarence^  'tis  fhe, 
That  tempts  him  to  this  harm  extremity. 
Was  it  not  (he,  and  that  good  man  of  worfhip, 
Anthony  Wooivil  her  brother  there, 
That  made  him  fend  lord  Haftings  to  the  Tower  ? 
From  whence  this  day  he  is  delivered. 
We  are  not  fafe  ;  Clarence^  we  are  not  fafe. 

Clar.  By  heav'n,  I  think,  there  is  no  man  fecure 
But  the  Queen's  kindred,  and  night-walking  heralds, 
That  trudge  between  the  King  and  miftrefs  Shore. 
Heard  you  not,  what  an  humble  fuppliant 
Lord  Ha/lings  was  to  her  for  his  delivery  ? 

Glo.  Humbly  complaining  to  her  Deity, 
Got  my  lord  Chamberlain  his  liberty. 

I'll  tell  you  what ; I  think,  it  is  our  way, 

If  we  will  keep  in  favour  with  the  King, 

To  be  her  men,  and  wear  her  livery  : 

The  jealous  o'erworn  widow,  and  herfelf, 

Since  that  our  Brother  dubb'd  them  gentlewomen, 

Are  mighty  goffips  in  this  Monarchy. 

Br  ah  I  beg  your  Graces  both  to  pardon  me: 
His  Majefty  hath  ftraitly  giv'n  in  charge, 
That  no  man  fhall  have  private  conference, 
Of  what  degree  foever,  with  your  brother. 

"Glo.  Ev'n  fo,  an't  pleafe  your  worfhip,  Brakenluryl 
You  may  partake  of  any  thing  we  fay : 

We  fpeak  no  treafon,  man we  fay,  the  King 

Is  wife  and  virtuous  -,  and  his  noble  Qjeen 

Well  ftrook  in  years;  fair,   and  not  jealous 

We  fay,  that  Shore's  wife  hath  a  pretty  foot, 
A  cherry  lip,  a  pairing  pleafing  tongue  : 
That  the  Queen's  kindred  are  made  gentle-folk: 
How  fay  you,  Sir  ?  can  you  deny  all  this  ? 

Brak.  With  this,  my  lord,  myfelf  have  nought  to  do. 

Glo.  What,  fellow  ?  nought  to  do  with  miftrefs  Shore  ? 
I  tell  ypii)  Sir,  he  that  doth  naught  with  her, 

3  Excepting 


King  Richard  III.  40 j 

Excepting  one,  were  befl  to  do  it  fecretly. 

Brak.  What  one,  my  lord  ? 

Glo.  Her  hufband,   knave would'fl  thou  betray 

me  ? 

Brak.  I  do  befeech  your  Grace  to  pardon  me, 
And  to  forbear  your  conference  with  the  Duke. 

Clar.  We  know   thy  charge,    Brakenbury,    and    will 
obey. 

Glo.  We  are  the  Queen's  abjefts,  and  mull  obey. 
Brother,  farewel  •,  I  will  unto  the  King, 
And  whatfoe'er  you  will  employ  me  in, 
(Were  it  to  call  King  Edward's  widow  filler) 
I  will  perform  it  to  infranchife  you. 
Mean  time,  this  deep  difgrace  of  brotherhood 
Touches  me  deeper  than  you  can  imagine, 

Clar.  I  know,  it  pleafeth  neither  of  us  well. 

Glo.  Well,  your  imprifonment  (hall  not  be  long, 
I  will  deliver  you,  or  elfe  lye  for  you: 
Mean  time  have  patience. 

Clar.  I  muft  perforce ;  farewel.  [Exe.  Brak.  Gar* 

Glo.  Go,  tread  the  path,  that  thou  fhak  ne'er  return  \ 

Simple,  plain  Clarence ! 1  do  love  thee  fo, 

That  I  will  fhortly  fend  thy  foul  to  heav'n, 

If  heav'n  will  take  the  Prefent  at  our  hands. 

But  who  comes  here  ?  the  new-deliver'd  Raftings  ? 

Enter  Lord  Ha  flings. 

Haft.  Good  time  of  day  unto  my  gracious  lord* 
Glo.  As  much  unto  my  good  lord  Chamberlain  t 
Well  are  you  welcome  to  the  open  air. 
How  hath  your  lordfhip  brook'd  imprifonment  ? 

Haft.  With  patience,  noble  lord,  as  pris'ners  mufti 
But  I  mall  live,  my  lord,  to  give  them  thanks* 
That  were  the  caufe  of  my  imprifonment. 

Glo.  No  doubt,  no  doubt  •,  and  fo  (hall  Clarence  too  * 
For  they,  that  were  your  enemies,  are  his, 
And  have  prevail'd  as  much  on  him  as  you. 


C  c  £  Haft. 


'404      King  Richard  III;  1 

Baft.  More  pity,  that  the  Eagle  mould  be  mew'd,  (3)$ 
While  kites  and  buzzards  prey  at  liberty. 

Glo.  What  news  abroad  ? 

Haft.  No  news  fo  bad  abroad,  as  this  at  home : 
The  King  is  fickly,  weak,  and  melancholy, 
And  his  Phyficians  fear  him  mightily. 

Glo.  Now,  by  St.  Paul,  that  news  is  bad,  indeed. 
O,  he^hath  kept  an  evil  diet  long, 
And  over-much  confum'd  his  royal  perfon  : 
*Tis  very  grievous  to  be  thought  upon. 
Where  is  he,  in  his  bed  ? 

Haft.  He  is. 

Glo.  Go  you  before,  and  I  will  follow  you. 

[Exit  Haftings.  \ 

He  cannot  live,  I  hope  ;  and  muft  not  die, 

'Till  George  be  pack'd  with  poft-horfe  up  to  heav'n. 

I'll  in,  to  urge  his  hatred  more  to  Clarence, 

With  Lyes  well  fteel'd  with  weighty  arguments  -, 

And  if  I  fail  not  in  my  deep  intent, 

Clarence  hath  not  another  day  to  live  : 

Which  done,  God  take  King  Edward^  to  his  mercy, 

And  leave  the  world  for  me  to  buftle  in  ! 

For  then,  I'll  marry  Warwick's  youngeft  daughter : 

What  though  I  kill'd  her  hufband,  and  her  father  ? 

The  readieft  way  to  make  the  wench  amends, 

Is  to  become  her  hufband  and  her  father : 

The  which  will  I,  not  all  fo  much  for  love, 

As  for  another  fecret  clofe  intent, 

By  marrying  her,  which  I  muft  reach  unto. 

But  yet  I  run  before  my  horfe  to  market : 

Clarence  (till  breathes,  Edward  M\  lives  and  reigns ; 

When  they  are  gone,  then  muft  I  count  my  Gains.  [Exit.  | 

(3)  More  fity,  that  the  Eagle  Jhould  be  mentfd, 
While  Kites  and  Buzzards  play  at  Liberty^ 

I  have,  upon  the  authority  of  the  old  Quarto's,  reftored  prey,  as  the  ^ 
moft  expremve  and  proper  Word.     And  our  Author  again  in  this  very 
Play  makes  Glocejier  repeat  the  fame  Thought,  and  ufe  the  fame  Ex-  j 

preflion. 

_  -  the  World  is  grown  fo  bad, 

Vmt  Wrens  make  Prey,    where  Eagles  dare  not  perch. 

SCEN  El 


King  Richard  III.       405, 

SCENE    changes  to  a  Street. 

Enter  the  Coarfe  of  Henry  the  Sixth,  with  halberds  to  guard 
it,  Lady  Anne  being  the  Mourner, 

Anne.  QJ  ET  down,   fet  down'  your  honourable  load, 

v3  If  Honour  may  be  fhrouded  in  a  herfe  i 
Whilft  I  awhile  obfequioufly  lament 
Th'  untimely  Fall  of  virtuous  Lancafter, 
Poor  key-cold  figure  of  a  holy  King  ! 
Pale  afhes  of  the  Houfe  of  Lancajier  ! 
Thou  bloodlefs  remnant  of  that  royal  blood ! 
Be't  lawful,  that  I  invocate  thy  ghoft, 
To  hear  the  lamentations  of  poor  Anne, 
Wife  to  thy  Edward,  to  thy  (laughter 'd  fon  ; 
Stab'd  by  the  felf-fame  hand,  that  made  thefe  wounds, 
Lo,  in  thefe  windows,  that  let  forth  thy  life, 
Lpour  the  helplefs  balm  of  my  poor  eyes. 

urs'd  be  the  hand,  that  made  thefe  fatal  holes ! 

urs'd  be  the  heart,  that  had  the  heart  to  do  it ! 
VIore  direful  hap  betide  that  hated  wretch, 
That  makes  us  wretched  by  the  death  of  thee, 
Than  I  can  wifh  to  adders,  fpiders,  toads, 
Or  any  creeping  venom'd  thing  that  lives  1 
If  ever  he  have  child,  abortive  be  it, 
Prodigious,  and  untimely  brought  to  light, 
Whofe  ugly  and  unnatural  afpecl: 
Vlay  fright  the  hopeful  mother  at  the  view : 
And  That  be  heir  to  his  unhappinefs. ! 
f  ever  he  have  wife,  let  her  be  made 
Vfore  miferable  by  the  death  of  him, 
Than  I  am  made  by  my  young  lord  and  thee  ! 
Come,  now  tow'rds  Chertfey  with  your  holy  load, 
Taken  from  Paul's  to  be  interred  there. 
And  (till,  as  you  are  weary  of  this  weight, 
Reft  you,  while  I  lament  King  Renrf%  Coarfe. 


C  c  3  Enter 


40^  King  Richard  III. 

Enter  Richard  Duke  of  Glocefter. 

Glo.  Stay  you,  that  bear  the  Coarfe,  and  fet  it  down. 
Anne*  What  black  magician  conjures  up  this  fiend, 
To  flop  devoted  charitable  deeds  ? 

Glo.  Villains,  fet  down  the  Coarfe ;  or,  by  St.  Paul, 
Pll  make  a  Coarfe  of  him  that  difobeys. 

Gen.  My  lord,  fland  back,  and  let  the  coffin  pafs. 
Glo.  Unmanner'd  dog  !  fland  thou,  when  I  command  * 
Advance  thy  halbert  higher  than  my  breaft, 
Or,  by  St.  Paul,  I'll  ftrike  thee  to  my  foot, 
And  fpurn  upon  thee,  beggar,  for  thy  boldnefs. 

Anne.  What,  do  you  tremble  ?  are  you  all  afraid  ? 
Alas,  I  blame  you  not,  for  you  are  mortal  5 
And  mortal  eyes  cannot  endure  the  devil. 
Avant,  thou  dreadful  minifler  of  hell ! 
Thou  had'ft  but  pow'r  over  his  mortal  body, 
His  foul  thou  can'fl  not  have  ;  therefore  be  gone. 
Glo.  Sweet  Saint,  for  charity,  be  not  fo  curfl. 
Anne,  Foul  Dev'l !    for  God's  fake  hence,  trouble  us 
not, 
For  thou  haft  made  the  happy  earth  thy  hell : 
Fill'd  it  with  curfing  cries,  and  deep  exclaims* 
If  thou  delight  to  view  thy  heinous  deeds, 
Behold  this  pattern  of  thy  butcheries. 
Oh,  gentlemen  !  fee  !  fee,  dead  Henrfs  wounds 
Open  their  congeal'd  mouths  and  bleed  afrefh. 
Blufh,  blufh,  thou  lump  of  foul  deformity  ; 
For  'tis  thy  prefence  that  exhales  this  blood 
From  cold  and  empty  veins,  where  no  blood  dwells. 
Thy  deeds,  inhuman  and  unnatural, 
Provoke  this  deluge  mofl  unnatural. 
O  God  !  which  this  blood  mad'fl,  revenge  his  death  : 
O  earth  !  which  this  blood  drink'fl,  revenge  his  death  ; 
Or  Heav'n  with  lightning  ftrike  the  murth'rer  dead  \ 
Or  Earth  gape  open  wide,  and  eat  him  quick, 
As  thou  doft  fwallow  up  this  good  King's  blood, 
Which  his  hell-govern'd  arm  hath  butchered ! 
Glc.  Lady,  you  know  no  rules  of  charity, 
Which  renders  good  for  fod,  bkuangs  for  curfes. 

Am 


King  Richard  III.  407 

Anne.  Villain,  thou  know'ft  nor  law  of  God  nor  man  ; 
No  beaft  fo  fierce,  but  knows  fome  touch  of  pity. 

Glo.  But  I  know  none,  and  therefore  am  no  bead. 

Anne.  O  wonderful,  when  devils  tell  the  truth  ! — 

Glo.  More  wonderful,  when  angels  are  fo  angry  : 
Vouchfafe,  divine  perfection  of  a  woman, 
Of  thefe  fuppofed  crimes,  to  give  me  leave* 
By  circumftance, .  but  to  acquit  myfelf. 

Anne.  Vouchfafe,  diffus'd  infection  of  a  man, 
For  thefe  known  evils,  but  to  give  me  leave, 
By  circumftance,  to  curfe  thy  curfed  felf. 

Glo.  Fairer  than  tongue  can  name  thee,  let  me  have 
Some  patient  leifure  to  excufe  myfelf. 

Anne.  Fouler  than  heart  can  think  thee,    thou  can'ft 
No  excufe  current,  but  to  hang  thyfelf.  [make 

Glo.  By  fuch  defpair  I  fhould  accufe  myfelf. 

Anne.  And  by  defpairing  malt  thou  (land  excus'd, 
For  doing  worthy  vengeance  on  thyfelf; 
That  didft  unworthy  (laughter  upon  others. 

Glo.  Say,  that  I  flew  them  not. 

Anne.  Then  fay,  they  were  not  flain  : 
But  dead  they  are  ;  and,  devilifh  (lave,  by  thee. 

Glo.  I  did  not  kill  your  hufband. 

Anne.  Why,  then  he  is  alive. 

Glo.  Nay,  he  is  dead,  and  {lain  by  Edward's  hands. 

Anne.  In   thy  foul  throat  thou  ly'ft.     Queen  Margret 
Thy  murd'rous  faulchion  fmoaking  in  his  blood :        [faw 
The  which  thou  once  didft  bend  againft  her  breaft, 
But  that  thy  Brothers  beat  afide  the  point. 

Glo.  I  was  provoked  by  her  (land'rous  tongue, 
That  laid  their  guilt  upon  my  guiltlefs  moulders. 

Anne.  Thou  waft  provoked  by  thy  bloody  mind, 
That  never  dreamt  on  aught  but  butcheries: 
Didft  thou  not  kill  this  King  ? 

Glo.  I  grant  ye. 

Anne.  Doft  grant  me,  hedge-hog?  then  God  grant  me 
Thou  may 'ft  be  damned  for  that  wicked  deed  !  [too, 

O,  he  was  gentle,  mild  and  virtuous. — 

Glo.  The  fitter  for  the  King  of  heav'n,  that  hath  him, 

Anne.  He  is  in  heav'n,  where  thou  fhalc  never  come. 

C  c  4  Glo. 


408  King  Richard  III. 

Glo.  Let  him  thank  me,    that  help'd  to  fend  him  thil 
For  hye  was  fitter  for  that  place  than  earth.  [ther  \ 

Anne.  And  thou  unfit  for  any  place  but  hell. 

Glo.  Yes,  one  place  elfe,    if  you  will  hear  me  name  it! 

Anne.  Some  dungeon. 

Glo.  Your  bed-chamber. 

Anne.  Ill  Reft  betide  the  chamber,  where  thou  lyeft  ! 

Glo.  So  will  it,  Madam,  till  I  lye  with  you. 

Anne.  I  hope  fo. 

Glo.  I  know  fo. — But  gentle  lady  Anne, 
To  leave  this  keen  encounter  of  our  wits, 
And  fall  fomething  into  a  flower  method  : 
Is  not  the  caufer  of  the  timelefs  deaths 
Of  thefe  Plantagenets,  Henry  and  Edward, 
As  blameful  as  the  executioner  ? 
0^$]'^'  ^nne-  Thou  waft  the  caufe,  and  moft  accurft  effect 

Glo.-  Your  beauty  was  the  caufe  of  that  effect : 
Your  beauty,  that  did  haunt  me  in  my  deep, 
To  undertake  the  death  of  all  the  world  ; 
So  I  might  live  one  hour  in  your  fweet  bofom. 

Anne.  If  I  thought  that,  I  tell  thee,  homicide, 
Thefe  nails  fhould  rend  that  beauty  from  my  cheeks. 

Glo.  Thefe  eyes  could  not  endure  fweet  beauty's  wrack* 
You  fhould  not  blemifh  it,  if  I  flood  by  ; 
As  all  the  world  is  cheered  by  the  Sun, 
So  I  by  That  •,  it  is  my  day,  my  life. 

Anne.  Black  night  o'er-fhade  thy  day,   and  death  thy 
life! 

Glo.  Curfe  not  thyfelf,  fair  creature  ;  thou  art  both. 

Anne.  I  would  I  were,  to  be  reveng'd  on  thee. 

Glo.  It  is  a  quarrel  moft  unnatural, 
To  be  reveng'd  on  him  that  loveth  thee. 

Anne.  It  is  a  quarrel  juft  and  reafonable, 
To  be  reveng'd  on  him  that  kili'd  my  hufband. 

Glo.  He  that  bereft  thee,  lady,  of  thy  hufband, 
Did  it  to  help  thee  to  a  better  hufband. 

Anne,  His  better  doth  not  breathe  upon  the  earth. 

Glo.  Pie  lives,  that  loves  thee  better  than  he  could. 

Anne.  Name  him. 

Glo.  Plantagenet, 

Anne. 


King  Richard  HI.  409 

'Anne.  Why,  that  was  he. 

Glo.  The  felf-fame  name,  but  one  of  better  nature. 

Anne.  Where  is  he  ? 

Glo.  Here:  why  doft  thou  fpit  at  me  ?  [She  fpits  at  him. 

Anne.  Would  it  were  mortal  poifon  for  thy  fake  ! 

Glo.  Never  came  poifon  from  fo  fweet  a  place. 

Anne.  Never  hung  poifon  on  a  fouler  toad. 
Out  of  my  light !  tnou  doft  infect  mine  eyes. 

Glo.  Thine  eyes,  fweet  lady,  have  infected  mine. 

Anne.  Would  they  were  Bafilifks  to  ftrike  thee  dead  ! 

Glo.  I  would  they  were,  that  I  might  die  at  once : 
For  now  they  kill  me  with  a  living  death. 
Thofe  eyes  of  thine  from  mine  have  drawn  fait  tears  \ 
Sham'd  their  afpecls  with  ftore  of  childifh  drops  : 
Thefe  eyes,  which  never  fhed  remorfeful  tear, 
Not  when  my  father  7ork9  and  Edward  wept, 
To  hear  the  piteous  moan  that  Rutland  made  -, 
When  black-fac'd  Clifford  fhook  his  fword  at  him : 
Nor  when  thy  warlike  father,  like  a  child, 
Told  the  fad  ftory  of  my  father's  death, 
And  twenty  times  made  paufe  to  fob  and  weep, 
That  all  the  ftanders-by  had  wet  their  cheeks, 
Like  trees  be-dafh'd  with  rain  :  in  that  fad  time, 
My  manly  eyes  did  fcorn  an  humble  tear : 
And  what  thefe  forrows  could  not  thence  exhale, 
Thy  beauty  hath,  and  made  them  blind  with  weeping. 
I  never  fued  to  friend,  nor  enemy  ; 
My  tongue  could  never  learn  fweet  fmoothing  words  -9 
But  now  thy  beauty  is  propos'd  my  fee, 
My  proud  heart  fues,  and  prompts  my  tongue  to  fpeak. 

[She  looks  fcornfully  at  him. 
Teach  not  thy  lip  fuch  fcorn,  for  it  was  made 
For  kifling,  lady,  not  for  fuch  contempt. 
If  thy  revengeful  heart  cannot  forgive, 
Lo  !  here  I  lend  thee  this  fharp-pointed  fword, 
Which,  if  thou  pleafe  to  hide  in  this  true  bread, 
And  let  the  foul  forth  that  adoreth  thee, 
I  lay  it  naked  to  the  deadly  ftroke, 
And  humbly  beg  the  death  upon  my  knee. 

[He  lays  his  breaft  open,  Jhe  offers  at  it  with  his  fword. 

Nay 


410        King  Richard  IIL 

Nay,  do  not  paufe;  for  I  did  kill  King  Henry, 

But  'twas  thy  beauty  that  provoked  me. 

Nay,  now  difpatch  :  'twas  I  that  flabb'd  young  Edward  \ 

But  'twas  thy  heav'nly  face  that  fet  me  on. 

[She  falls  the  fword. 
Take  up  the  fword  again,  or  take  up  me. 

Anne.  Arife,  diffembler ;  though  I  wifh  thy  death, 
I  will  not  be  thy  executioner. 

Glo.  Then  bid  me  kill  myfelf,  and  I  will  do  it. 

Anne.  I  have  already. 

Glo.  That  was  in  thy  rage : 
Speak  it  again,  and  even  with  thy  word, 
This  hand,  which  for  thy  love,  did  kill  thy  love, 
Shall  for  thy  love,  kill  a  far  truer  love  ; 
To  both  their  deaths  (halt  thou  be  acceffary. 

Anne.  I  would,  I  knew  thy  heart. 

Glo.  'Tis  figur'd  in  my  tongue. 

Anne.  I  fear  me,  both  are  falfe. 

Glo.  Then  never  man  was  true. 

Anne.  Well,  well,  put  up  your  fword. 

Glo.  Say  then,  my  peace  is  made. 

Anne.  That  fhalt  thou  know  hereafter. 

Glo.  But  fhall  I  live  in  hope  ? 

Anne.  All  men,  I  hope,  live  fo. 

Glo.  Vouchfafe  to  wear  this  ring. 
Look,  how  my  ring  encompaflfeth  thy  finger, 
Ev'n  fo  thy  bread  inclofeth  my  poor  heart : 
Wear  both  of  them,  for  both  of  them  are  thine. 
And  if  thy  poor  devoted  fuppliant  may 
But  beg  one  favour  at  thy  gracious  hand, 
Thou  doft  confirm  his  happinefs  for  ever. 

Anne.  What  is  it  ? 

Glo.  That  it  may  pleafe  you  leave  thefe  fed  defigns 
To  him,  that  hath  more  caufe  to  be  a  Mourner-, 
And  prefcntly  repair  to  Cmy£y-place  :    (4) 

(4.)  .  repair  to  Crosby-place .]      This  was  a  Houfe  of 

"Richard  Duke  of  Gloccjler  near  Bfoofs-gatc  Street.  It  was  formerly,  I 
prefume,  a  part  of  the  Eilate  of  Sir  John  Crosbic,  (a  Lord  Mayor  of  Lon- 
don\  who,  in  the  year  1477,  was  buried  at  St.  Helens  \r\  Bijbof s-gatt 
Street,  and  left  the  Bulk  of  his  Etfccts  to  publick  Benefactions. 

Where, 


ICtng  Richard  III.  41 1} 

Where,  after  I  have  folemnly  interr'd 
At  Chertfey  Monaft'ry  this  noble  King, 
And  wet  his  grave  with  my  repentant  tears, 
[  will  with  all  expedient  duty  fee  you. 
For  divers  unknown  reafons,  I  befeech  you, 
Grant  me  this  boon. 

Anne.  With  all  my  heart,  and  much  it  joys  me  too, 
To  fee  you  are  become  fo  penitent. 
TraJ/el  and  Barkley,  go  along  with  me. 

Glo.  Bid  me  farewel. 

Anne.  'Tis  more  than  you  deferve  : 
But  flnce  you  teach  me  how  to  flatter  you, 
Imagine,  I  have  faid  farewel  already.  [Exe.  two  with  Anne. 

Glo.  Sirs,  take  up  the  Coarfe. 

Gent.  Towards  Chertfey ,  noble  lord  ? 

Glo.  No,  to  White-Friars,  there  attend  my  Coming. 

[Exeunt  with  the  Cotirfe. 
Was  ever  woman  in  this  humour  woo'd  ? 
Was  ever  woman  in  this  humour  won  ? 

I'll  have  her but  I  will  not  keep  her  long. 

What !  I  that  kill'd  her  husband,  and  his  father  ! 

To  take  her  in  her  heart's  extreameft  hate, 

With  curfes  in  her  mouth,  tears  in  her  eyes, 

The  bleeding  witnefs  of  her  hatred  by  : 

With  God,  her  confeience^  and  thefe  bars  againft  me, 

And  I  no  friends  to  back  my  fuit  withal, 

But  the  plain  devil  and  dififembling  looks: 

And  yet  to  win  her All  the  world  to  nothing ! 

Ha! 

Hath  fhe  forgot  already  that  brave  Prince, 

Edward,  her  lord,  whom  I,  fome  three  months  fince, 

Stab'd  in  my  angry  mood  at  Tewksbury  ? 

A  fweeter  and  a  lovelier  gentleman, 

Fram'd  in  the  prodigality  of  nature, 

Young,  wife,  and  valiant,  and,  no  doubt,  right  royal, 

The  fpacious  world  cannot  again  afford  > 

And  will  fhe  yet  debafe  her  eyes  on  me, 

That  cropt  the  golden  Prime  of  this  fweet  Prince, 

And  made  her  widow  to  a  woful  bed  ? 

On  me,  whofe  All  riot  equals  Edv*ard\  Moiety  ? 

On 


4i  I  Kmg  Richard  IIL 

On  me,  that  halt,  and  am  mis-fhapen  thus  ? 
ZAA  7     My  Dukedom  to  a  beggarly  Denier, 
I  do  miftake  my  perfon  all  this  while : 
Upon  my  life,  fhe  finds,  although  I  cannot, 
My  felf  to  be  a  marv'lous  proper  man. 
I'll  be  at  charges  for  a  looking-glafs, 
And  entertain  a  fcore  or  two  of  tailors, 
To  ftudy  Fafhions  to  adorn  my  body : 
Since  I  am  crept  in  favour  with  my  felf, 
I  will  maintain  it  with  fome  little  coft. 
But  firft  I'll  turn  yon  fellow  in  his  grave, 
And  then  return  lamenting  to  my  love. 
Shine  out,  fair  Sutfe  till  I  have  bought  a  glafs, 
*  That  I  may  fee  my  fhadow  as  I  pafs.  [Exit. 

SCENE  changes  to  the  Palace. 

Enter  the  Queen,  Lord  Rivers,  and  Lord  Gray. 

JRfevTTTAVE  patience,   Madam,  there's  no  doubt,' 

Jti         his  Majefty 
Will  loon  recover  his  accuftom'd  health. 

Gray.  In  that  you  brook  it  ill,  it  makes  him  worfe  ; 
Therefore,  for  God's  fake,  entertain  good  comfort, 
And  cheer  his  Grace  with  quick  and  merry  eyes. 

Queen.  If  he  were  dead,  what  would  betide  of  me? 

Gray.  No  other  harm,  but  lofs  of  fuch  a  lord. 

Queen.  The  lofs  of  fuch  a  lord  includes  all  harms. 

Gray.  The  heav'ns  have  bleft  you  with  a  goodly  Son, 
To  be  your  comforter  when  he  is  gone. 

Queen.  Ah  !  he  is  young,  and  his  minority 
Is  put  into  the  Truft  of  Richard  Glo*fter, 
A  man  that  loves  not  me,  nor  none  of  you. 

Riv.  Is  it  concluded,  he  fhall  be  Protector  ? 

Queen.  It  is  determin'd,  not  concluded  yet; 
But  fo  it  mult  be,  if  the  King  mifcarry. 


Enter 


I&ng  Richard  HI.         4Y31 

Enter  Buckingham  and  Stanley. 

Gray.  Here  come  the  lords  of  Buckingham  and  Stan* 

ley.   (5) 

Buck.  Good  time  of  day  unto  your  Royal  Grace  ! 

Stanley.   God  make  your  Majefty  joyful  as  you  have 
been ! 

Queen.   The  Countefs   Richmond^   good   my   lord  of 
Stanley^ 

To  your  good  Pray'r  will  fcarcely  fay,  Amen  ; 
Yet,  Stanley^  notwithstanding  (he's  your  wife, 
And  loves  not  me,  be  you,  good  lord,  afiur'd, 
hate  not  you  for  her  proud  arrogance. 

Stanley.  I  do  befeech  you,  either  not  believe 
The  envious  flanders  of  her  falfe  accufers : 
Or,  if  fhe  be  accus'd  on  true  report, 
Bear  with  her  weaknefs  ;  which,  I  think,  proceeds 
From  wayward  ficknefs,  and  no  grounded  malice. 

Queen.  Saw  you  the  King  to  day,  my  lord  of  Stanley  ? 

Stanley.  But  now  the  Duke  of  Buckingham  and  I 
Are  come  from  yifiting  his  Majefty. 

Queen.  What  likelihood  of  his  amendment,  lords? 

Buck.  Madam,  good  hope  *,  his  Grace  fpeaks  chearfully. 

Queen.    God  grant  him  health!    did  you  confer  with 
him  ? 

Buck.  Madam,  we  did  ;  he  feeks  to  make  atonement 
Between  the  Duke  of  Glo'fter  and  your  Brothers, 
And  between  them  and  my  lord  Chamberlain  ; 

(5)  Here  come  the  Lords  of  Buckingham  and  Derby.]  This  is  a  Blunder 
af  Inadvertence,  which  has  run  thro'  the  whole  Chain  of  Imprefiions. 
Ct  could  not  well  be  original  in  Shakefpeare,  who  was  moft  minutely 
intimate  with  his  Hiftory  and  the  Intermarriages  of  the  Nobility.  The 
Perfon,  here  called  Derby,  was  'Thomas  Lord  Stanley,  Lord  Steward  of 
King  Edward  the  IVth's  Houfehold.  He  had  married  Margaret, 
Daughter  of  John  Duke  of  Somer/et,  and  Widow  of  Edmund  Earl  of 
Richmond,  by  whom  fhe  had  Henry  Earl  of  Richmond,  afterwards  King 
Henry  Vllth.  But  this  Thomas  Lord  Stanley  was  not  created  Earl  of 
Derby  till  after  the  Acceffion  of  that  Prince ;  and,  accordingly,  after- 
wards in  the  Fourth  and  Fifth  Atts  of  this  Play,  before  the  Battel  of 
Bojkvorth-fald,  he  is  every  where  call'd  Lord  Stanley,  This  fufficiently 
iuftihes  the  Change  I  have  made  in  his  Title, 

And 


m 

414  King  Richar D  III; 

And  fent  to  warn  them  to  his  royal^prefence. 

Queen.  Would  all  were  well — but  that  will  never  be-^ 
I  fear,  our  happinefs  is  at  the  height. 

Enter  Glocefter. 

Glo.  They  do  me  wrong,  and  I  will  not  endure  it* 
Who  are  they,  that  complain  unto  the  King, 
That  I,  forfooth,  am  ftern,  and  love  them  not  ? 
By  holy  Paul,  they  love  his  Grace  but  lightly, 
That  fill  his  ears  with  fuch  diffentious  rumours, 
Becaufe  I  cannot  flatter,  and  look  fair, 
Smile  in  men's  faces,  fmooth,  deceive  and  cog, 
Duck  with  French  nods,  and  apifh  courtefie, 
I  muft  be  held  a  rancorous  enemy. 
Cannot  a  plain  man  live  and  think  no  harm, 
But  thus  his  fimple  truth  muft  be  abus'd 
By  filken,  fly,  infmuating  Jacks} 

Gray.  To  whom  in  all  this  prefence  fpeaks  your  Grace? 

Glo.  To  thee,  that  haft  nor  honefty,  nor  grace : 
When  have  I  injur'd  thee  ?  when  done  thee  wrong  ? 
Or  thee  ?  or  thee  ?  or  any  of  your  faction  ? 
A  plague  upon  you  all !     His  royal  perfon, 
Whom  God  preferve  better  than  you  would  wifh, 
Cannot  be  quiet  fcarce  a  breathing  while, 
But  you  muft  trouble  him  with  lewd  complaints. 

Queen.  Brother  of  GWfter,  you  miftake  the  matter  2 
The  King  of  his  own  royal  difpofition, 
And  not  provok'd  by  any  fuitor  elfe, 
(Aiming,  belike,  at  your  interior  hatred, 
That  in  your  outward  action  mews  it  felf 
Againft  my  children,  brothers,  and  my  felf ;) 
Makes  him  to  fend,  that  he  may  learn  the  ground 
Of  your  ill  will,  and  thereby  to  remove  it. 

Glo.  I  cannot  tell ;  the  world  is  grown  fo  bad, 
That  wrens  make  prey,  where  eagles  dare  not  perch* 
Since  every  Jack  became  a  gentleman, 
There's  many  a  gentle  perfon  made  a  Jack* 

Queen.   Come,  come,  we  know  your  meaning,   bro- 
ther Glo'fter. 
You  envy  my  advancement  and  my  friend*  ; 

God 


King  Richard  III.  41  f 

God  grant,  we  never  may  have  need  of  you ! 

Glo.  Mean  time,  God  grants  that  we  have  need  of  you. 
Our  Brother  is  imprifoned  by  your  means ; 
My  felf  difgrac'd  ;  and  the  Nobility 
Held  in  contempt  •,  while  many  fair  promotions 
Are  daily  given  to  ennoble  thofe, 
That  fcarce,  fome  two  days  fince,  were  worth  a  noble. 

Queen.  By  him,  that  rais'd  me  to  this  careful  height, 
From  that  contented  hap  which  I  enjoy'd, 
I  never  did  incenfe  his  Majefty 
Againft  the  Duke  of  Clarence ;  but  have  been 
An  earned  Advocate  to  plead  for  him. 
My  lord,  you  do  me  fhameful  injury, 
Falfely  to  draw  me  in  thefe  wild  fufpe&s. 

Glo.  You  may  deny,  that  you  were  not  the  caufe 
Of  my  lord  Hafting?  late  imprifonment. 

Riv,  She  may,  my  lord,  for 

Glo.  She  may,  lord  Rivers — why,  who  knows  not  fo  ? 
She  may  do  more,  Sir,  than  denying  That: 
She  may  help  you  to  many  fair  preferments, 
And  then  deny  her  aiding  hand  therein, 
And  lay  thofe  Honours  on  your  high  deferts. 
What  may  fhe  not?  fhe  may ay,  marry,  may  fhe— 

Riv.  What,  marry,  may  me  ? 

Glo.  What,  marry,  may  fhe  ?  marry  with  a  King, 
A  batchelor,  a  handfom  (tripling  too  : 
'I  wis,  your  grandam  had  a  warier  match. . 

Queen.  My  lord  ofGlo'Jler,  I  have  too  long  borne 
Your  blunt  upbraidings,  and  your  bitter  feoffs : 
By  heav'n,  I  will  acquaint  his  Majefty, 
Of  thofe  grofs  taunts  I  often  have  endur'd* 
I  had  rather  be  a  country  fervant-maid, 
Than  a  great  Queen  with  this  condition  ; 
To  be^thus  taunted,  fcorn'd  and  baited  at. 
Small  joy  have  I  in  being  England's  Queen. 

Enter  Queen  Margaret. 

Q^Mar.  And  leffen'd  be  That  fmall,  God,  I  befeech 
Thy  Honour,  State,  and  Seat  is  due  to  me.  [thee  ! 

Glo, 


^\6  King  Richard  III. 

Glo.  What!  threat  you  me  with  telling  of  the  Kino-> 
Tell  him,  and  fpare  not :  Look,  what  I  have  faid,  (6) 
I  will  avouch  in  prefence  of  the  King : 
3Tis  time  to  fpeak,  my  pains  are  quite  forgot. 

Q^  Mar.  Out,  Devil !  I  remember  them  too  well : 
Thou  kill'dft  my  husband  Henry  in  the  Tower ', 
And  Edward,  my  poor  fon,  at  Tewksbury. 

Glo.  Ere  you  were  Queen,  ay,  or  your  husband  King* 
I  was  a  pack-horfe  in  his  great  affairs ; 
A  weeder  out  of  his  proud  Adverfaries, 
A  liberal  rewarder  of  his  friends  ; 
To  royalize  his  blood,  I  fpilt  mine  own. 

Q^Mar.  Ay,  and  much  better  blood  than  his  or  thine. 

Glo.  In  all  which  time  y,ou  and  your  husband  Gray 
Were  factious  for  the  Houfe  of  Lancafter  -, 

And,  Rivers,  fo  were^  you ; was  not  your  husband. 

In  Margret's  battel,  at  St.  Albans  (lain  ? 
Let  me  put  in  your  minds,  if  you  forget, 
What  you  have  been  ere  now,  and  what  you  are  \ 
Withal,  what  I  have  been,  and  what  I  am. 

Q^  Mar.  A  murth'rous  Villain,  and  fo  ftill  thou  art. 

Glo.  Poor  Clarence  did  forfake  his  father  Warwick, 
Ay,  and  forfwore  himfelf,  (which,  Jefu,  pardon  ! ) 

Q^  Mar.  Which  God  revenge  ! 

Glo.  To  fight  on  Edward's  Party  for  the  Crown  ; 
And  for  his  meed,  poor  lofd,  he  is  mew'd  up : 
I  would  to  God,  my  heart  were  flint,  like  Edward's ; 
Or  Edward's  foft  and  pitiful,  like  mine  ; 
I  am  too  childim-foolifh  for  this  world. 

CX  Mar.  Hie  thee  to  hell  for  fhame,  and  leave  this 
Thou  Cacod^emon!  there  thy  kingdom  is.  [world,1 

Riv.  My  lord  of  Glo'Jler,  in  thofe  bufie  days, 
Which  here  you  urge  to  prove  us  enemies, 
We  follow'd  then  our  lord,  our  lawful  King  ; 
So  mould  we  you,  if  you  mould  be  our  King. 

(6)  Tell  him,  and  fpare  not ;  Look,  nvbat  I  have  /aid,]  This  Verfe, 
which  was  at  firft  left  out  by  the  Players  in  their  Imprelfion  (in  which 
the  modern  Editors  have  follow'd  them)  I  have  reftor'd  from  the  old 
Quarto's ;  and,  indeed,  without  it,  the  Verfe,  which  immediately  fol. 
lows,  is  hardly  Senfe. 

Glo.. 


King  Richard  III.  417 

Glo.  If  I  mould  be  ! 1  had  rather  be  a  pedlar  \ 

Far  be  it  from  my  heart,  the  thought  thereof. 

Queen.  As  little  joy,   my  lord,  as  you  fuppofe 
You  fhould  enjoy,  were  you  this  Country's  King  •, 
As  little  joy  you  may  fuppofe  in  me, 
That  I  enjoy,  being  the  Queen  thereof. 

Q.  Mar.  A  little  joy  enjoys  the  Queen  thereof; 
For  I  am  fhe,  and  altogether  joylefs. 
I  can  no  longer  hold  me  patient. 
Hear  me,  you  wrangling  Pirates,  that  fall  out 
In  fharing  That  which  you  have  pill'd  from  me  *, 
Which  of  you  trembles  not,  that  looks  on  me  ? 
If  not  that  I  being  Queen,  you  bow  like  fubje&s ; 
Yet  that  by  you  deposed,  you  quake  like  rebels. 
Ah,  gentle  villain,  do  not  turn  away  ! 

Glo.  Foul  wrinkled  witch,  what  mak'ft  thou  in  my 
fight  ? 

Q^  Mar.  But  repetition  of  what  thou  haft  marr'd, 
That  will  I  make,  before  I  let  thee  go. 
A  husband  and  a  fon  thou  ow'ft  to  me  •,  [To  Glo. 

And  thou,  a  kingdom  ;  all  of  you,  allegiance  \ 

[To  the  Queen. 
The  forrow,  that  I  have,  by  Right  is  yours  \ 
And  all  the  pleafures,  you  ufurp,  are  mine. 

Glo.  The  Curfe  my  noble  father  laid  on  thee, 
When  thou  did  ft  crown  his  warlike  brows  with  paper, 
And  with  thy  fcorns  drew'ft  rivers  from  his  eyes, 
And  then,  to  dry  them,  gav'ft  the  Duke  a  clout, 
Steep'd  in  the  faultlefs  blood  of  pretty  Rutland  \ — - 
His  Curfes,  then  from  bitternefs  of  foul 
Denounc'd  againft  thee,  are  now  fall'n  upon  thee  ; 
And  God,  not  we,  has  plagu'd  thy  bloody  deed. 

Q^M&r.  So  juft  is  God,  to  right  the  innocent. 

Haft.  O,  'twas  the  fouleft  deed  to  flay  that  babe, 
And  the  moft  mercilefs,  that  e'er  was  heard  of. 

Riv.  Tyrants  themfelves  wept,  when  it  was  reported.  - 

Dorf.  No  man  but  prophefy'd  revenge  for  it. 

Buck.  Northumberland,  then  prefent,  wept  to  fee  it. 

Q^  Mar.  What !  were  you  fnarling  all  before  I  came, 
Ready  to  catch  each  other  by  the  throar, 

V  o  l.  IV.  D  d  And 


4t 8       King  Richard  III. 

And  turn  you  all  your  hatred  now  on  me  ? 

Did  Fork's  dread  Curfe  prevail  fo  much  with  heav'n, 

That  Henry's  death,  my  lovely  Edward's  death, 

Their  Kingdom's  lofs,  my  woful  Banifhment, 

Could  all  but  anfwer  for  that  peevifh  brat  ? 

Can  Curfes  pierce  the  clouds,  and  enter  heav'n  ? 

Why,  then  give  way,  dull  clouds,  to  my  quick  Curfes ! 

If  not  by  war,  by  furfeit  die  your  King, 

As  ours  by  murther  to  make  him  a  King ! 

Edward  thy  fon,  that  now  is  Prince  of  Wales, 

For  Edward  our  fon,  that  was  Prince  of  Wales, 

Die  in  his  youth,  by  like  untimely  violence  ! 

Thy  felf  a  Queen,  for  me  that  was  a  Queen, 

Out-live  thy  glory,  like  my  wretched  felf! 

Long  may'fl  thou  live  to  wail  thy  children's  lofs, 

And  fee  another,  as  I  fee  thee  now, 

Deck'd  in  thy  Rights,  as  thou  art  ftall'd  in  mine  ! 

Long  die  thy  happy  days  before  thy  death, 

And  after  many  length'ned  hours  of  grief, 

Die,  neither  mother,  wife,  nor  England's  Queen! 

Rivers  and  Dorfet,  you  were  ftanders-by, 

And  fo  waft  thou,  lord  Haftings,  when  my  fon 

Was  ftabb'd  with  bloody  daggers  ;  God,  I  pray  him, 

That  none  of  you  may  live  your  natural  age, 

But  by  fome  unlook'd  accident  cut  off ! 

Glo.  Have  done  thy  Charm,  thou  hateful  wither'd  hag. 

Q^Mar.  And  leave  out  thee?    ftay,    dog,   for  thou 
fhalt  hear  me. 
If  heav'ns  have  any  grievous  plague  in  ftore, 
Exceeding  thofe  that  I  can  wifh  upon  thee, 
O,  let  them  keep  it,  till  thy  fins  be  ripe  j 
And  then  hurl  down  their  indignation 
On  thee,  thou  troubler  of  the  poor  world's  peace ! 
The  worm  of  Confcience  ftill  be-gnaw  thy  foul ; 
Thy  friends  fufpect  for  traitors  while  thou  liv'ft, 
And  take  deep  traitors  for  thy  deareft  friends : 
No  Sleep  clofe  up  that  deadly  eye  of  thine, 
Unlefs  it  be  while  fome  tormenting  dream 
Affrights  thee  with  a  hell  of  ugly  devils  ! 
Tfcou  elvifh-markc  Abortive,  rooting  hog! 

Thou 


King  Richard  III.  419 

Thou  that  waft  feal'd  in  thy  nativity 
The  Have  of  nature,  and  the  fon  of  hell !  (7) 
Thou  flander  of  thy  heavy  mother's  womb  ! 
Thou  loathed  iflue  of  thy  father's  loins ! 
Thou  rag  of  honour,  thou  detefted 

Glo.  Margaret. • 

Q^Mar.  Richard."  *  <   ■ 

Glo.  Ha? 

Q^  Mar.  I  call  thee  not. 

Glo.  I  cry  thee  mercy  then  s  for,  I  did  think, 
That  thou  had'ft  call'd  me  all  thcfe  bitter  names. 

Q^  Mar.  Why,  fo  I  did  ;  but  look'd  for  no  reply. 
Oh,  let  me  make  the  period  to  my  Curfe. 

Glo.  'Tis  done  by  me,  and  ends  in  Margaret. 

Queen.  Thus  have  you  breath'd   your  Curfe   againft 
your  felf. 

Q^  Mar.   Poor  painted  Queen,  vain  flourifh   of  my 
fortune ! 

Why  ftrew'ft  thou  fugar  on  that  bottel'd  fpider, 
Whofe  deadly  web  enfnareth  thee  about  ? 
Fool,  fool,  thou  whet' ft  a  knife  to  kill  thy  felf: 
The  day  will  come,  that  thou  fhalt  wifh  for  me 
To  help  thee  curfe  this  pois'nous  bunch-back'd  toad. 

Haft.  Falfe-boading  woman,  end  thy  frantick  Curfe ; 
Left  to  thy  harm  thou  move  our  patience. 

Q^  Mar.  Foul  fhame  upon  you !  you  have  all  mov'd 
mine. 

Riv.  Were  you  well  ferv'd,  you  would  be  taught  your 
duty. 

(7)  The  Slave  of  Nature,     <        ]    It  was  fuggefted  to  me,  that,  pro- 
bably, the  Author  might  have  wrote 

Ihe  Shame  of  Nature, 
But,  as  Mr.  Warburton  ingenioufly  obferv'd  to  me,  the  firft  is  a  moft 
beautiful  and  fatirical  Expreflion.  For,  as  it  was  cuftomary  formerly  for 
Mailers  to  brand  their  Slaves,  efpecially  their  fugitive  Slaves,  both  as  a 
Punifhment,  and  as  a  Mark  to  afcertain  the  Ownerfhip ;  fo,  when  any 
Perfon  is  born  ill-fhap'd,  'tis  ufually  faid,  Nature  has  ftigmatiz'd  him,  or 
fet  a  Mark  upon  him  that  Men  may  beware  of  his  ill  Conditions.  It  is 
the  old  Rule  in  Phyfiognomy,  and  we  do  not  want  living  Proofs  of  its 
being  well-grounded,  that 

Dijiortum  Vultum  fequitur  Diftortio  Morum. 

Dd  2  Q^Mar, 


42  0  King  Richard   III. 

Q.  Mar.  To  ferve  me  well,  you  all  fhould  do  me  duty, 
Teach  me  to  be  your  Queen,  and  you  my  Subjects  : 
O,  ferve  me  well,  and  teach  your  felves  that  duty. 

Dorf.  Difpute  not  with  her,  fhe  is  lunatick. 

Q^Mar.  Peace,  mailer  Marquifs,  you  are  malapert  \ 
Your  fire-new  ftamp  of  honour  is  fcarce  current. 
O,  that  your  young  Nobility  could  judge 
What  'twere  to  lofe  it,  and  be  miferable  ! 
They,  that  Hand  high,  have  many  blafts  to  (hake  them  ; 
And,  if  they  fall,  they  dafh  themfelves  to  pieces. 

Glo,  Good  Counfel,  marry,  learn  it,  learn  it,  Marquifs. 

Dorf,  It  touches  you,  my  lord,  as  much  as  me. 

Glo.  Ay,  and  much  more  •,  but  I  was  born  fo  high, 
Our  Airy  buildeth  in  the  cedar's  top, 
And  dallies  with  the  wind,  and  fcorns  the  Sun. 

Q^  Mar,  And  turns  the  Sun  to  made  ; — alas !  alas  ! 
"Witnefs  my  fon,  now  in  the  made  of  death  ; 
Whofe  bright  but-mining  beams  thy  cloudy  wrath 
Hath  in  eternal  darknefs  folded  up. 
Your  Airy  buildeth  in  our  Aide's  neft ; 
O  God,  that  feed  it,  do  not  fuffer  it : 
As  it  was  won  with  blood,  fo  be  it  loft  ! 

Buck,  Peace,  peace  for  fhame,  if  not  for  charity. 

Q^  Mar.  Urge  neither  charity  nor  fhame  to  me  ; 
Uncharitably  with  me  have  you  dealt, 
And  fhamefully  my  hopes,  by  you,  are  butcher'd. 
My  charity  is  outrage,  life  my  fhame, 
And  in  my  fhame  flill  live  my  forrow's  rage  ! 

Buck.  Have  done,  have  done. 

Q^  Mar.  O  Princely  Buckingham,  I'll  kifs  thy  hand, 
In  fign  of  league  and  amity  with  thee : 
Now  fair  befall  thee,  and  thy  noble  Houfe  ! 
Thy  garments  are  not  fpotted  with  our  blood ; 
Nor  thou  within  the  compafs  of  my  Curfe. 

Buck,  Nor  no  one  here ;  for  Curfes  never  pafs 
The  lips  of  thofe,  that  breathe  them  in  the  air. 

Q^  Mar.  I'll  not  believe,  but  they  afcend  the  sky, 
And  there  awake  God's  gentle-fleeping  Peace. 
O  Buckingham,  beware  of  yonder  dog  ; 
Look,  when  he  fawns,  he  bites  j  and,  when  he  bites, 

His 


King  Richard  III.  421 

His  venom  tooth  will  rankle  to  the  death ; 

Have  not  to  do  with  him,  beware  of  him, 

Sin,  death,  and  hell,  have  fet  their  marks  upon  him  -, 

And  all  their  minifters  attend  on  him. 

Glo.  What  doth  fhe  fay,  my  lord  of  Buckingham? 

Buck.  Nothing  that  I  refpeet,  my  gracious  lord. 

Q^  Mar.  What,  doft  thou  fcorn  me  for  my  gentle 
counfel  ? 

And  footh  the  devil,  that  I  warn  thee  from  ? 
O,  but  remember  this  another  day  ; 
When  he  mail  fplit  thy  very  heart  with  forrow ; 
And  fay,  poor  Marg'ret  was  a  Prophetefs. 
Live  each  of  you  the  fubjedfc  to  his  hate, 
And  he  to  yours,  and  all  of  you  to  God's  !  [Exit. 

Buck.  My  hair  doth  ftand  on  end  to  hear  her  Curfes. 

Riv.  And  fo  doth  mine :  I  wonder,  (he's  at  liberty! 

Glo.  I  cannot  blame  her,  by  God's  holy  Mother; 
She  hath  had  too  much  wrong,  and  I  repent 
My  part  thereof,  that  I  have  done  to  her. 

Dorf.  I  never  did  her  any,  to  my  knowledge. 

Glo.  Yet  you  have  all  the  vantage  of  her  wrong : 
I  was  too  hot  to  do  fome  body  good, 
That  is  too  cold  in  thinking  of  it  now. 
Marry,  for  Clarence,  he  is  well  repay'd ; 
He  is  frank'd  up  to  fatting  for  his  pains, 
I  God  pardon  them,  that  are  the  caufe  thereof! 

Riv.  A  virtuous  and  a  chriftian-like  conclufion, 
[To  pray  for  them  that  have  done  fcathe  to  us. 

Glo.  So  do  I  ever,  being  well  advis'd  ; 
iFor  had  I  curft  now,  I  had  curd  my  felf.  [Aftde. 

Enter  Catesby. 
Caief.  Madam,  his  Majefty  doth  call  for  you, 
j  And  for  your  Grace,  and  you,  my  noble  lord. 

Queen.  Catesby,  we  come  ;  lords,  will  you  go  with  us  ? 
Riv.  Madam,  we  will  attend  your  Grace. 

_  ..  .   [Exeunt  all  but  Glocefter. 

I  Glo.  I  do  the  wrong,  and  firft  begin  to  brawl. 
iThe  fecret  mifchiefs,  that  I  fet  a-broach, 

II  lay  unto  the  grievous  charge  of  others. 

*-*  "  3  Clarence ', 


422  King  Richard  III. 

Clarence \  whom  I  indeed  have  laid  in  darkneis, 
I  do  beweep  to  many  fimple  gulls, 
Namely  to  Stanley  Haftings,  Buckingham  ; 
And  tell  them,  ^is-the  Queen  and  her  allies 
That  ftir  the  King  againft  the  Duke  my  brother. 
Now  they  believe  it,  and  withal  whet  me 
To  be  reveng'd  on  Rivers^  Dorfet,  Gray, 
But  then  I  figh,  and,  with  a  piece  of  Scripture, 
Tell  them,  that  God  bids  us  do  good  for  evil : 
And-  thus  I  cloathe  my  naked  villany 
With  old  odd  ends,  ftol'n  forth  of  holy  Writ, 
And  feem  a  Saint,  when  moft  I  play  the  Devil. 

Enter  two  Murtherers. 

But  foft,  here  come  my  executioners. 
How  now  my  handy,  itout,  refolved  mates, 
Are  you  now  going  to  difpatch  this  deed  ? 

i  ViL  We  are,  my  lord,  and  come  to  have  the  War- 
rant, 
That  we  may  be  admitted  where  he  is. 

Glo.  Well  thought  upon,  I  have  it  here  about  me  : 
When  you  have  done,  repair  to  Cw^-place. 
But,  Sirs,  be  fudden  in  the  execution, 
Withal  obdurate,  do  not  hear  him  plead  ; 
For  Clarence  is  well-fpoken,  and  perhaps, 
May  move  your  hearts  to  pity,  if  you  mark  him. 

ViL  Fear  not,  my  lord,  we  will  not  ftand  to  prate ; 
Talkers  are  no  good  doers  ;  be  aflur'd, 
We  go  to  ufe  our  hands,  and  not  our  tongues. 

Glo.  Your  eyes  drop  mill-ftones,  when  fools  eyes  drop 
tears. 
I  like  you,  lads  s  about  your  bufinefs ;  go.  [Exeunt, 


SCENE, 


King  Richard  III.       413 

SCENE   cha?iges  to  the  Tower. 

Enter  Clarence  and  Brakenbury. 

W.TX7H  Y  looks  your  Grace  fo  heavily  to  day  ? 
V  V       Clar.  O,  I  have  pad  a  miferable  night, 
So  full  of  ugly  fights,  of  ghaftly  dreams. 
That,  as  I  anil  chriftian  faithful  man, 
I  would  not  fpend  another  fuch  a  night 
Though  'twere  to  buy  a  world  of  happy  days  : 
So  full  of  difmal  terror  was  the  time. 

Brak.  What  was  your  dream,  my  lord  ?  I  pray  you, 
tell  me. 

Clar.  Methought,  that  I  had  broken  from  the  'Tower ; 
And  was  embark'd  to  crofs  to  Burgundy 
And  in  my  company  my  brother  Glofter ; 
Who  from  my  Cabin  tempted  me  to  walk 
Upon  the  Hatches.    Thence  we  look'd  tow'rd  England^ 
And  cited  up  a  thoufand  heavy  times, 
During  the  Wars  of  Tork  and  Lane  aft  er^ 
That  had  befal'n  us.     As  we  pae'd  along 
Upon  the  giddy  footing  of  the  Hatches, 
Methought,  that  Glofter  (tumbled  ;  and  in  falling 
Struck  me  (that  fought  to  flay  him)  over-board, 
Into  the  tumbling  billows  of  the  main. 
Lord,  Lord,  methought,  what  pain  it  was  to  drown  ! 
What  dreadful  noife  of  waters  in  my  ears  ! 
What  fights  of  ugly  death  within  mine  eyes  ! 
I  thought,  I  faw  a  thoufand  fearful  wracks  ; 
A  thoufand  men,  that  fifties  gnaw'd  upon  •, 
Wedges  of  gold,  great  anchors,  heaps  of  pearl, 
Ineftimable  ftones,  unvalued  jewels. 
Some  lay  in  dead  men's  skulls ;  and  in  thofe  holes, 
Where  eyes  did  once  inhabit,  there  were  crept, 
As  'twere  in  fcorn  of  Eyes,  reflecting  Gems ; 
That  woo'd  the  (limy  bottom  of  the  deep,  T/^jJ 

And  mock'd  the  dead  bones  that  lay  fcatter'd  by, 

Dd  4  Brak. 


4H  King  Richard  III. 

Br  ok.  Had  you  fuch  leifure  in  the  time  of  death, 
To  gaze  upon  the  Secrets  of  the  Deep  ? 

ClaK  Methought,  I  had-;  and  often  did  I  drive 
To  yield  the  ghofl  -,  but  (lill  the  envious  flood 
Kept  in  my  foul,  and  would  not  let  it  forth 
To  find  the  empty,  vaft,  and  wand'ring  air ; 
But  fmother'd  it  within  my  panting  bulk, 
Which  almoft  burfl  to  belch  it  in  the  fea. 

Brak.  Awak'd  you  not  with  this  fore  agpny  ? 

Clar,  No,  no,  my  dream  was  lengthned  after  life. 

0  then  began  the  temped  to  my  foul  : 

1  pad,  methought,  the  melancholy  flood, 

With  that  grim  ferry-man,  which  Poets  write  of, 
Unto  the  Kingdom  of  perpetual  Night. 
The  firft  that  there  did  greet  my  dranger  foul, 
Was  my  great  father-in-law,  renowned  Warwick, 

Who  ery'd  aloud What  fcourge  for  perjury 

Can  this  dark  Monarchy  afford  falfe  Clarence  ? 
And  fo  he  vanim'd.  Then  came  wand'ring  by 
A  fhadow  like  an  angel,  with  bright  hair 

Dabbled  in  blood,  and  he  fhriek'd  out  aloud \ 

Clarence  is  come,  falfe,  fleeting,  perjur'd  Clarence, 
That  dabb'd  me  in  the  field  by  Tewksburx  -, 
Seize  on  him,  Furies,  take  him  to  your  torments ! 
With  that,  methought,  a  legion  of  foul  fiends 
Inviron'd  me,  and  howled  in  mine  ears 
Such  hideous  cries,  that  with  the  very  noife 
I,  trembling,  wak'd  ;  and  for  a  feafon  after 
Could  not  believe  but  that  I  was  in  Hell. 
Such  terrible  im predion  made  my  dream. 

Brak.  No  marvel,  lord,  that  it  affrighted  you  ; 
I  am  afraid,  methinks,  to  hear  you  tell  it. 

Clar.  Ah  !  Brakenbury,  I  have  done  thofe  things, 
That  now  give  evidence  againft  my  foul, 
For  Edward*%  fake ;  and,  fee,  how  he  requites  me  ! 

0  God  !  if  my  deep  prayers  cannot  appeafe  thee, 
But  thou  wilt  be  aveng'd  on  my  mifdeeds, 

Yet  execute  thy  wrath  on  me  alone  : 

O,  fpare  my  guiltlefs  wife,  and  my  poor  children  ! 

1  pr'ythee,   Brakenbun,  day  by  me  ; 

My  foul  is  heavy,  and  I  fatn  would  fleep.  Brak. 


King  Richard  III.  42  j 

Brak.  I  will,  my  lord  \  God  give  your  Grace  good  Reft ! 
Sorrow  breaks  feafons  and  repofing  hours,  \_Afide. 

Makes  the  night  morning,  and  the  noon-tide  night. 
Princes  have  but  their  titles  for  their  glories, 
An  outward  honour,  for  an  inward  toil  *, 
And,  for  unfelt  imaginations, 
.  They  often  feel  a  world  of  reftlefs  cares : 
So  that  between  their  titles,  and  low  name, 
There's  nothing  differs  but  the  outward  fame. 

Enter  the  two  Murtherers. 

1  Vil.  Ho,  who's  here? 

Brak.  In  God's  name,    what  art  thou  ?    how  cam'ft 
thou  hither? 

2  Vil.  I  would  fpeak  with  Clarence^    and  I  came  hither 
on  my  legs. 

Brak.  What,  fo  brief? 

1  Vil.  'Tis  better,  Sir,  than  to  be  tedious.  Let  him 
fee  our  Commiflion,  and  talk  no  more. 

Brak.  [Reads]  I  am   in  this   commanded,    to    deliver 
The  noble  Duke  of  Clarence  to  your  hands. 
I  will  not  reafon  what  is  meant  hereby, 
Becaufe  I  will  be  guiklefs  of  the  meaning. 
There  lyes  the  Duke  afleep,  and  there  the  keys. 
I'll  to  the  King,  and  fignify  to  him, 
That  thus  I  have  refign'd  to  you  my  Charge.  [Exit. 

1  Vil.  You  may,  Sir,  'cis  a  point  of  wifdom  :  fare 
you  well. 

2  Vil.  What,  fliall  we  ftab  him  as  he  deeps  ? 

1  Vil.  No  \  he'll  fay,  'twas  done  cowardly,  when  he 
wakes. 

2  Vil.  When  he  wakes  !  why,  Fool,  he  fhall  never 
wake  until  the  great  Judgment-day. 

1  Vil.  Why,  then  he'll  fay,  we  ftabb'd  him  fleeping. 

2  Vil.  The  urging  of  that  word,  Judgment,  hath  bred 
a  kind  of  remorfe  in  me. 

1  Vil.  What  ?  art  thou  afraid  ? 

2  Vil.  Not  to  kill  him,  having  a  Warrant  for  it :  But 
to  be  damn'd  for  killing  him,  from  the  which  no  War- 
rant can  defend  me. 

1  Vil 


4*6  King  Richard  III.  j 

i  Vil.  I'll  back  to  the  Duke  of  Glo'fter,  and  telJ  him  fo. 
.  2  Vil.  Nay,  pr'ythee,    flay  a  little :  I  hope,    this  holy 
humour  of  mine  will   change ;    it  was  wont  to  hold  me 
but  while  one  would  tell  twenty. 

i  Vil.  How  doit  thou  feel  thyfelf  now  ? 

2  ViL  Faith,  fome  certain  dregs  of  confcience  are  yet 
within  me. 

i  ViL  Remember  the  reward,    when  the  deed's  done. 

2  Vil.  Come,  he  dies :  I  had  forgot  the  reward. 

i  ViL  Where's  thy  confcience  now ; 

2  ViL  O,  in  the  Duke  of  Glo'fter's  purfe. 

i  ViL  When  he  opens  his  purfe  to  give  us  our  reward, 
thy  confcience  flyes  out. 

2  ViL  'Tis  no  matter,  let  it  go  ;  there's  few  or  none 
will  entertain  it. 

i  ViL  What  if  it  come  to  thee  again  ? 

2  Vil.  I'll  not  meddle  with  it  ;  it  is  a  dangerous  Thing, 
it  makes  a  man  a  coward :  a  man  cannot  ileal,  but  it 
accufeth  him  ;  a  man  cannot  fwear,  but  it  checks  him  ; 
a  man  cannot  lye  with  his  neighbour's  wife,  but  it  de- 
tects him.  'Tis  a  blufhing  fhame-fac'd  fpirit,  that  mu- 
tinies in  a  man's  bofom  :  it  fills  one  full  of  obftacles.  It 
made  me  once  reftore  a  purfe  of  gold,  that  by  chance  I 
found.  It  beggars  any  man,  that  keeps  it.  It  is  turn'd 
out  of  towns  and  cities  for  a  dangerous  thing ;  and  every 
man,  that  means  to  live  well,  endeavours  to  trull  to 
himfelf,  ^nd  live  without  ir. 

i  Vil.  'Tis  even  now  at  my  elbow,  perfuading  me 
not  to  kill  the  Duke. 

2  ViL  Take  the  devil  in  thy  mind,  and  believe  him 
not :  he  would  infinuate  with  thee  but  to  make  thee  figh. 

i  ViL  I  am  ftrong  fram'd,  he  cannot  prevail  with  me. 

2  ViL  Spoke  like  a  tall  fellow,  that  refpe&s  his  repu- 
tation.    Come,  (hall  we  fall  to  work  ? 

i  ViL  Take  him  over  the  coflard,  with  the  hilt  of 
thy  fword ;  and  then  throw  him  into  the  malmfie-but, 
in  the  next  room. 

2  ViL  O  excellent  device,  and  make  a  fop  of  him. 

i  ViL  Soft,  he  wakes.     Shall  I  flrike  ? 

2  ViL  No,  we'll  reafon  with  him. 

Clar. 


King  Richard  III.  427 

Clar.  Where  art  thou,  Keeper,  give  me  a  cup  of  wine. 

2  Vil.  You  (hall  have  wine  enough,  my  lord,  anon. 

Clar.  In  God's  name,  what  art  thou  i 

1  Vil.  A  man,  as  you  are. 

Clar.  But  not,  as  I  am,  royal. 

1  Vil.  Nor  you,  as  we  are,  loyal. 

Clar.  Thy  voice  is  thunder,  but  thy  looks  are  humble. 

1  Vil.  My  voice  is  now  the  King's,  my  looks  mine 
own. 

Clar.  How  darkly,  and  how  deadly  doft  thou  fpeak  ? 
Your  eyes  do  menace  me :  why  look  you  pale  ? 
Who  fent  you  hither  ?  wherefore  do  you  come  ? 

Both.  To,  to,  to 

Clar.  To  murther  me  ? 

Both.  Ay,  ay. 

Clar.  You  fcarcely  have  the  hearts  to  tell  me  fo  ! 
And  therefore  cannot  have  the  hearts  to  do  it. 
Wherein,  my  friends,  have  I  offended  you  ? 

1  Vil.  Offended  us  you  have  not,  but  the  King. 
Clar.  I  mall  be  reconcil'd  to  him  again. 

2  Vil.  Never,  my  lord,  therefore  prepare  to  die. 

Clar.  Are  you+calFd  forth  from  out  a  world  of  men,  &. 

To  flay  the  innocent?  what's   my  offence  ? 
Where  is   the  evidence,  that  doth   accufe   me? 
What  lawful  Queft  have  giv'n  their  verdict  up 
Unto   the  frowning  judge  ?  or  who   pronounc'd 
The  bitter  Sentence  of  poor  Clarence''  death  ? 
Before   I  be  convict   by   courfe  of  law, 
To  threaten  me  with   death,  is   moft  unlawful. 
I  charge  you,  as  you  hope  to  have  Redemption, 
That   you  depart,  and  lay  no   hands  on   me  : 
The  deed,   you   undertake,  is   damnable. 

1  Vil.  What  we  will  do,  we  do  upon  Command. 

2  Vil.  And  he,  that  hath  commanded,  is  pur  King. 
Clar.  Erroneous  vaffals  !  the  great  King  of  Kings 

Hath   in  the  Table  of  his  Law  commanded, 
That  thou  fhalt  do  no  Murther  •,  will  you   then 
Spurn  at  his  edict,  and  fulfil  a  man's  ? 
Take  heed,  for  he  holds  vengeance  in  his  hand,1 
To  hurl  upon  their  heads  that  break  his  law. 

2  Vil 


4i  8  King  R  re  hard  III. 

2  Vil.  And  that  fame  vengeance  doth  he  hurl  on  thee 
For  falfe  forfwearing,  and  for  murther  too : 
Thou  didit  receive  the   Sacrament,   to  fight 
In  Quarrel  of  the  Houfe  of  Lancafter. 

i  Vil.  And,  like  a  traitor  to  the  name   of  God, 
Didft  break  that  vow  -,  and  with  thy  treacherous  blade, 
Unrip*  dft  the  bowels   of  thy  Soveraign's  fon. 

2  Fill  Whom  thou  wert  fworn  to  cherifh  and  defend. 

i  Vil.  How  canft  thou  urge  God's  dreadful  Law  to  us, 
When  thou  haft  broke  it  in  fuch  high  degree? 

Clar.  Alas  !  for   whofe  fake  did  I  that   ill  .deed  ? 
For   Edward,  for  my   brother,  for   his  fake. 
He  fends    you  not  to  murther  me  for  this  : 
For   in   that  fin  he  is  as  deep  as  I. 
If  God   will  be  avenged  for  the   deed, 
O,  know  you  yet,  he  doth  it  publickly  -, 
Take  not  the  quarrel  from  his  powerful  arm  : 
He  needs  no  indirect,  nor  lawlefs  courfe, 
To  cut  off  thofe  that  have   offended  him. 

i  Vil.  Who  made  thee  then  a  bloody  minifter, 
When    gallant-fpringing  brave   Plantagenet, 
That  Princely  novice,  was  ftruck  dead  by  thee  ? 

Clar.  My  brother's  love,  the  devil,  and  my  rage. 

i  Vil.  Thy  brother's  love,  our  duty,  and  thy  fault, 
Provoke   us  hither   now,  to   (laughter  thee. 

Clar.  If  you  do  love   my   brother,  hate  not   me  : 
I   am  his  brother  and  I  love  him  well. 
If  you  are  hir'd   for   Meed,  go  back  again,  (8) 

(R)  If  you  are  hir'd  for  Need, ]    I  have  chofe  to  reftore  the  Word, 

which  poffeffes  all  the  old  Copies,  Meed;  and  as  I  have  elfewhere  ob- 
ferv'd  in  thefe  Notes,  it  fignines,  with  our  Author,  both  Merit  and  the 
Reward  of  Merit.  ,  One  of  the  Murtherers  at  the  Clofe  of  this  Scene  fays : 

And  when  I  have  my  Meed,  1  tnuji  away. 
And  Glofter  fays  before  in  this  Act ; 

And  for  his  Meed,  poor  Lord,  he  is  tnenxjd  up. 
In  both  which  f  laces  it  fignifies  Reward.     I'll  now  fubjoin  a  Paflage  or 
two,  in  which  it  means  Merit. 
3  Henry  VI. 

Each  one  already  blazing  by  our  Meeds. 
And,  again  ; 

That  J  not  my  Fear,  my  Meed  hath  got  ?ne  Fame. 
And,  Timon  of  Athens  ; 

> no  Meed,  but  he  repays 

Sevnfold  abo-vc  it  felf. 

2  And 


[  King  Richard  III.  429 

And  I  .will  tend  you    to  my  brother  Glo'fter,  * 
Who  will  reward  you  better  for  my  life, 
Than  Edward  will  for  tidings  of  my  death. 

2  Vil.  You  are   deceiv'd,  your   brother  Glo'fter    hates 
you. 

Clar.  Oh,  no,  he  loves  me,  and  he  holds  me  dear: 
Go   you  to  him    from  me. 

Both,  Ay,  fo  we  will. 

Clar.  Tell  him,    when  that  our  Princely   father  York 
Bleft  his  three  fons  with  his  victorious  arm,' 
And  charg'd  us  from  his  foul  to  love  each  other, 
H,  little  thought  of  this  divided  friendfhip  : 
Bid  Gb9fter  think  on  this,  and  he  will  weep. 

1  Vil.  Ay,  mill-ftones ;  as  he  leffon'd  us  to  weep. 

Clar.  O  do  not  flander  him,  for  he  is  kind. 

1  Vil.  As  ihow  in  harveft  : you  deceive  your  felf ; 

'Tis  he,  that  fends  us  to  deftroy  you  here. 

Clar.  It  cannot  be,  for  he  bewept  my  fortune, 
And  hugg'd  me  in  his  arms,  and  fwore  with  fobs, 
That  he  would  labour  my  delivery. 

1  Vil.  Why,  fo  he  doth,  when  he  delivers  you 
From  this  earth's  thraldom  to  the  joys  of  heav'n. 

2  Vil.  Make  peace  with  God,  for  you  muft  die,  my 

lord. 

Clar.  Have  you  that  holy  feeling  in  your  foul, 
To  counfel  rue  to  make  my  peace  with  God, 
And  are  you  yet  to  your  own  fouls  fo  blind, 
That  you  will  war  with  God,  by  murd'ring  me  ? 
O  Sirs,  confider,  they,  that  fet  you  on 
To  do  this  deed,  will  hate  you  for  the  deed. 

2  Vil.  What  mail  we  do  ? 

Clar.  Relent,  and  fave  your  fouls. 
Which  of  you,  if  you  were  a  Prince's  fon, 
Being  pent  from  liberty,  as  I  am  now, 
If  two  fuch  murtherers,  as  your  felves,  came  to  you, 
Would  not  intreat  for  life  ?  ah  !  you  would  beg, 
Were  you  in  my  diftrefs. 

1  Vil.  Relent  ?  'tis  cowardly  and  womanilh. 

?    Clar. 


4}o  King  Richard  III. 

Clart  Not  to  relent,  is  beaftly,  favage,  devilifft. 
My  friend,  I  fpy  fome  pity  in  thy  looks : 
O,  if  thine  eye  be  not  a  flatterer, 
Come  thou  on  my  fide,  and  intreat  for  me. 
A  begging  Prince  what  Beggar  pities  not  ? 

2  ViL  Look  behind  you,  my  lord. 

i  ViL  Take  that,  and  that ;  if  all  this  will  not  do, 

[Stabs  him. 
Pll  drown  you  in  the  malmfey-butt  within.  [Exit. 

2  ViL  A  bloody  deed,  and  defp'rately  difpatch'd : 
How  fain,  like  Pilate,  would  I  wafh  my  hands 
Of  this  molt  grievous  guilty  murther  done ! 

Re-enter  firft  Villain. 

i  ViL  How  now  ?  what  mean'ft  thou^hat  thou  help'ft 
me  not  ? 
By  heav'n,  the  Duke  fhall  know  how  flack  you've  been. 

2  ViL  I  would  he  knew,  that  I  had  fav'd  his  brother  ! 
Take  thou  the  fee,  and  tell  him  what  I  fay  -, 
For  I  repent  me,  that  the  Duke  is  (lain.  [Exit. 

i  ViL  So  do  not  I  \  go,  Coward,  as  thou  art. 
Well,  I'll  go  hide  the  body  in  fome  hole, 
Till  that  the  Duke  give  order  for  his  burial : 
And,  when  I  have  my  Meed,  I  muft  away  ; 
For  this  will  out,  and  then  I  muft  not  flay.  [Exit. 


ACT 


King  Richard  III.    ,     451" 


A  C  T    II. 

S  C  E  N  E,   The  Court 

Enter  King   Edward  Jick,    the   Queen,    Dor  fet,    Rivers, 
Haftings,  Catefby,  Buckingham,  and  Woodvile. 

K.  Edward. 

H  Y,    fo  ;    now   have  I  done  a  good  day's 

work. 
You  Peers,  continue  this  united  league : 
I  every  day  expect  an  embaflage 
From  my  Redeemer  to  redeem  me  hence. 
And  now  in  peace  my  foul  mail  part  to  heav'n, 
Since  I  have  made  my  friends  at  peace  on  earth  ; 
Haftings  and  Rivers,  take  each  other's  hand  ; 
DhTemble  not  your  hatred  ;  fwear  your  love. 

Riv.  By  heav'n,    my    foul  is  purg'd   from   grudging 
And  with  my  hand  I  feal  my  true  heart's  love.  [hate, 

Haft.  So  thrive  I,  as  I  truly  fwear  the  like ! 
4  K.  Edw.  Take  heed,  you  dally  not  before  your  King; 
Left  he,  that  is  the  fupream  King  of  Kings, 
Confound  your  hidden  falfhood,  and  award 
Either  of  you  to  be  the  other's  end. 

Haft.  So  profper  I,  as  I  fwear  perfect  love  ! 
Riv.  And  1,  as  I  love  Haftings  with  my  heart ! 
K.  Edw.  Madam,  yourfelf  is  not  exempt  from  this  ; 
Nor  your  fon  Dorfet  \  Buckingham,  nor  you  ; 
You  have  been  factious  one  againft  the  other. 
Wife,  love  lord  Haftings,  let  him  kifs  your  hand  ; 
And  what  you  do,  do  it  unfeignedly. 

Queen.  There,  Haftings  *, — I  will  never  more  remember 


Our  former  hatred  >  fo  thrive  I  and  mine ! 


K.  Edw. 


43 2        Kmg  Richard  III. 

K.  Edw.  Dorfet,    embrace  him :    Raftings,    love  lor 

Marquifs. 
Dor.  This  interchange  of  love,  I  here  proteft, 
Upon  my  part,  mail  be  inviolable. 
Haft.  And  fo  fwear  I. 
K.  Edw.  Now,    Princely  Buckingham,    feal   thou  this 


league 


With  thy  embracements  to  my  wife's  allies, 
And  make  me  happy  in  your  unity. 

Buck.  When  ever  Buckingham  doth  turn  his  hate 
Upon  your  Grace,  and  not  with  duteous  love 

[Tb  the  Queen.. 

Doth  cherifh  you  and  yours,  God  punifh  me 
With  Hate  in  thofe  where  I  expecl  moft  love ! — 
When  I  have  moft  need  to  imploy  a  friend, 
And  moft  affured  that  he  is  a  friend, 
Deep,  hollow,  treacherous,  and  full  of  guile, 
Be  he  to  me  !  This  do  I  beg  of  heaven, 
When  I  am  cold  in  zeal  to  you  or  yours. 

[Embracing  Rivers,  &c, 

K.  Edw.  A  pleafing  cordial,  Princely  Buckingham, 
Is  this  thy  vow  unto  my  fickly  heart. 
There  wanteth  now  our  brother  Glo'fter  here, 
To  make  the  blefTed  period  of  this  peace.    - 

Buck.  And  in  good  time,   here  comes  the  noble  Duke. 

Enter  Glocefter,  with  Ratcliff. 

Glo.  Good  morrow  to  my  Sovereign  King  and  Queen  ; 
And,  Princely  Peers,  a  happy  time  of  day. 

K.  Edw.  Happy,  indeed,  as  we  have  fpent  the  day : 
Brother,  we  have  done  deeds  of  charity  •, 
Made  peace  of  enmity,  fair  love  of  hate, 
Between  thefe  fwelling  wrong-incenfed  Peers. 

Glo.  A  blefTed  labour,  my  moft  Sovereign  Liege: 
Among  this  Princely  heap,  if  any  here 
By  falfe  intelligence,  or  wrong  furmife, 
Hold  me  a  foe  \  if  I  unwittingly 
Have  ought  committed  that  is  hardly  borne 
By  any  in  this  prefence,  T  defire 
To  reconcile  me  to  his  friendly  peace : 

'Tis 


King  Richard  IIL  433 

*Tis  death  to  me  to  be  at  enmity ; 

I  hate  it,  and  defire  all  good  men's  love. 

Firft,  Madam,  I  intreat  true  peace  of  you, 

Which  I  will  purchafe  with  my  duteous  fervice.  : 

Of  you,  my  noble  coufin  Buckingham, 

If  ever  any  grudge  were  lodg'd  between  us  : 

Of  you,  and  you,  lord  Rivers,  and  of '  Dorfet, 

That  all  without  defert  have  frown'd  on  me : 

Of  you,  lord  Woodvil,  and  lord  Scales,  of  you; 

Dukes,  Earls,  Lords,  Gentlemen  -,  indeed,  of  aty* 

I  do  not  know  that  Englijhman  alive, 

With  whom  my  foul  is  any  jot  at  odds, 

More  than  the  infant  that  is  born  to  night  ; 

I  thank  my  God  for  my  humility. 

Queen.  A  holy-day  mall  this  be  kept  hereafter  ; 
I  would  to  God,  all  ftrifes  were  well  compounded ! 
My  Sovereign  lord,  I  do  befeech  your  Highnefs 
To  take  our  Brother  Clarence  to  your  grace. 

Glo.  Why,  Madam,  have  I  orTer'd  love  for  this, 
To  be  fo  flouted  in  this  royal  prefence  I 
Who  knows  not,  that  the  gentle  Duke  is  dead  ? 

[f bey  all  Jl art* 
You  do  him  injury  to  fcorn  his  coarfe. 

K.  Edw.  Who  knows  not,    he  is  dead  !  who  knows, 
he  is  ? 

Queen.  All -feeing  Heaven,  what  a  world  is  this  ? 

Buck.  Look  I  fo  pa-le,  lord  Dorfet,  as  the  reft  ? 

Dor.  Ay,  my  good  lord  •,  and  no  man  in  the  prefence, 
But  his  red  colour  hath  forfook  his  cheeks. 

K.  Edw.  Is  Clarence  dead  ?  the  order  was  revers'd. 

Glo.  But  he,  poor  man,  by  your  firft  order  died, 
And  That  a  winged  Mercury  did  bear  : 
Some  tardy  cripple  had  the  countermand, 
That  came  too  lag  to  fee  him  buried. 
God  grant,  that  iome  lefs  noble,  and  lefs  loyal, 
Nearer  in  bloody  thoughts,  and  not  in  blood, 
Deferve  no  worfe  than  wretched  Clarence  did, 
And  yet  go  currant  from  fufpicion ! 

Vol.  IV.  E  e  Enter 


434      &ng  & lc  H  A  R  D  m*  \ 

Enter  Lord  Stanly. 

St  aril.  A  boon,  my  Sov'raign,  for  my  fervice  done. 

K.  Edw.  I  pr*y thee,  peace  ;  my  foul  is  full  of  forrow. 

Stanl.  I  will  not  rife,  unlefs  your  Highnefs  hear  me. 

K.  Edw.  Then  fay  at  once,  what  is  it  thou  requeft'ts. ' 

Stanl  The  forfeit,  Sov'raign,  of  my  fervant's  life  ; 
Who  flew  to  day  a  riotous  gentleman, 
Lately  attendant  on  the  Duke  of  Norfolk. 

K.  Edw.  Have  I  a  tongue   to   doom   my    brother's 
death  ? 
And  (hall  that  tongue  give  pardon  to  a  (lave  ? 
My  brother  kill'd  no  man  ;  his  fault  was  thought  j 
And  yet  his  punifhment  was  bitter  death. 
Who  fued  to  me  for  him?  who,  in  my  wrath, 
Kneel'd  at  my  feet,  and  bid  me  be  advis'd  ? 
Who  fpoke  of  brotherhood  ?  who  fpoke  of  love  ? 
Who  told  me,  how  the  poor  foul  did  forfake 
The  mighty  Warwick^  and  did  fight  for  me  ? 
Who  told  me,  in  the  field  at  Tewksbury, 
When  Oxford  had  me  down,  he  refcued  me? 
And  faid,  Dear  brother,  live,  and  be  a  King  ? 
Who  told  me,  when  we  both  lay  in  the  field, 
Frozen  almoft  to  death,  how  he  did  lap  me 
Ev'n  in  his  garments,  and  did  give  himfelf 
All  thin,  and  naked,  to  the  numb  cold  night  ? 
All  this  from  my  remembrance  brutifh  wrath 
Sinfully  pluck'd,  and  not  a  man  of  you 
Had  fo  much  grace  to  put  it  in  my  mind. 
But  when  your  carters,  or  your  waiting  vafTals 
Have  done  a  drunken  (laughter,  and  defac'd 
The  precious  image  of  our  dear  Redeemer ; 
You  ftrait  are  on  your  knees  for  pardon,  pardon, — 
And  I,  unjuftly  too,  mud  grant  it  you. 
But  for  my  brother  not  a  man  would  fpeak, 
Nor  I,  ungracious,  fpake  unto  myfelf 
For  him,  poor  foul.     The  proudeft  of  you  all 
Have  been  beholden  to  him  in  his  life : 
Yet  none  of  you  would  once  plead  for  his  life, 
O  God  !   I  fear,  thy  juftice  will  take  hold 

On 


KkgKicKAKD  III.  4]y 

On  me,  and  you  ;  and  mine,  and  yours  for  this. 
Come,  Haftings^  help  me  to  my  clofet.     Ah  ! 
Poor  Clarence !       [Exeunt  fame  with  the  King  and  Queen. 
Glo.  Thefe  are  the  fruits  of  rafhnefs  :   mark'd  you  not, 
How  that  the  guilty  kindred  of  the  Queen 
Look'd  pale,  when  they  did  hear  of  Clarence9  death  ? 

0  !  they  did  urge  it  ftill  unto  the  King.    . 
God  will  revenge  it.     Come,  lords,  will  you  go 

To  comfort  Edward  with  our  company  ?  [Exeunt. 

Enter  the   Butch efs   of  York,    with  the   two   children   of 

Clarence. 

Son.  Good  Grandam,  tell  us,  is  our  father  dead? 

Dutch.  No,  boy. 

Daugh.  Why   do   you   weep  fo  oft  ?    and  beat  your 
And  cry,  O  Clarence!  my  unhappy  fon  !  [breaft? 

Son.  Why  do  you  look  on  us,    and  make  your  head, 
And  call  us  orphans,  wretches,  caft-aways, 
If  that  our  noble  father  be  alive  ? 

Dutch.  My  pretty  Coufins,  you  miftake  me  both. 

1  do  lament  the  ficknefs  of  the  King, 

As  loth  to  lofe  him  \    not  your  father's  death ; 
It  were  loft  forrow  to  wail  one  that's  loft. 

Son.  Then  you  conclude,    my  Grandam,    he  is  dead  : 
The  King  mine  uncle  is  to  blame  for  this. 
God  will  revenge  it,  whom  I  will  importune 
With  daily  earned  prayers. 

Daugh.  And  fo  will  I. 

Dutch.  Peace,  children,  peace  !  the  King  doth  love  you 
Incapable  and  fhallow  innocents  !  [well. 

You  cannot  guefs,  who  caus'd  your  father's  death. 

Son.  Grandam,  we  can  *,  for  my  good  uncle  Gltffter 
Told  me,  the  King,  provok'd  to't  by  the  Queen, 
Devis'd  impeachments  to  imprifon  him  ; 
And  when  my  uncle  told  me  fo,  he  wept, 
And  pitied  me  •,  and  kindly  kift  my  cheek  ; 
Bad  me  rely  on  him,  as  on  my  father, 
And  he  would  love  me  dearly  as  his  child. 

Dutch.  Ah  !  that  deceit  fhould  fteal  fuch  gentle  mape, 
And  with  a  virtuous  vizor  hide  deep  vice  ! 

E  e  2  He 


43 6  King  Richard    III. 

He  is  my  fon,  ay,  and  therein  my  fhame ; 
Yet  from  my  dugs  he  drew  not  this  deceit. 

Son.  Think  you,  my  uncle  did  diflemble,  Grandam  ?•• 

Dutch.  Ay,  boy. 

Son.  I  cannot  think  it.    Hark,  what  noife  is  this  ? 

Enter  the  Queen  with  her  hair  about  her  ears, .  Rivers  and 

Dorfet  after  her. 

Queen.  Ah  !  who  fhall  hinder  me  to  wail  and  weep? 
To  chide  my  fortune,  and  torment  myfelf  ? 
I'll  join  with  black  defpair  againft  my  foul, 
And  to  myfelf  become  an  enemy . 

Dutch.  What  means  this  fcene  of  rude  impatience? 

Queen.  To  make  an  act  of  trasrick  violence. 
Edward,  my  lord,  thy  fon,  our  king,  is  dead. 
Why  grow  the  branches,  when  the  root  is  gone  ? 
Why  wither  not  the  leaves,  that  want  their  fap? 
If  you  will  live,  lament;  if  die,  be  brief; 
That  our  fwift-winged  fouls  may  catch  the  King's ; 
Or,  like  obedient  Subjects,  follow  him 
To  his  new  Kingdom  of  perpetual  reft. 

Dutch.  Ah  1  fo  much  int'reft  have  I  in  thy  forrow, 
As  I  had  title  to  thy  noble  hufband  ; 
I  have  bewept  a  worthy  hufband' s  death, 
And  liv'd  by  looking  on  his  images. 
But  now  two  mirrors  of  his  Princely  femblance 
Are  crack'd  in  pieces  by  malignant  death  ; 
And  I  for  comfort  have  but  one  falfe  glafs, 
That  grieves  me  when  I  fee  my  fhame  in  him. 
Thou  art  a  widow,  yet  thou  art  a  mother ; 
And  haft  the  comfort  of  thy  children  left: 
But  death  hath  fnatch'd  my  hufband  from  mine  arms, 
And  pluckt  two  crutches  from  my  feeble  hands, 
Clarence  and  Edward.     O,  what  caufe  have  I, 
(Thine  being  but  a  moiety  of  my  grief) 
To  over-go  thy  plaints,  and  drown  thy  cries ! 

Son.  Ah,  Aunt !  you  wept  not  for  our  father's  death  s 
How  can  we  aid  you  with  our  kindred  tears? 

Daugh.  Our  fatherlefs  diftrefs  was  left  unmoan'd, 
Your  widow  dolours  likewife  be  unwept ! 

Queen. 


I  King  Richard  III,  437 

Queen.  Give  me  no  help  in  lamentation, 
I  am  not  barren  to  bring  forth  complaints : 
All  fprings  reduce  their  currents  to  mine  eyes, 
That  I,  being  govern'd  by  the  watr'y  moon, 
May  fend  forth  plenteous  tears  to  drown  the  world. 
Ah,  for  my  hufband,  for  my  dear  lord  Edward  I 

Chil.  Ah,  for  our  father,    for  our  dear  lord  Clarence! 

Butch.  Alas,    for    both,    both    mine,    Edward    and 
Clarence ! 

Queen.  What  flay  had  I,  but  Edward?  and  he's  gone. 

Chil.  What  flay  had  we,  but  Clarence  ?  and  he's  gone. 

Dutch.  What  flays  had  I  but  they  ?  and  they  are  gone. 

Queen.  Was  never  widow,  had  fo  dear  a  lofs. 

Chil.  Were  never  orphans,  had  fo  dear  a  lofs. 

Dutch.  Was  never  mother,  had  fo  dear  a  lofs. 
Alas !  I  am  the  mother  of  thefe  griefs, 
Their  woes  are  parcell'd,  mine  are  general. 
She  for  an  Edward  weeps,  and  fo  do  I ; 
I  for  a  Clarence  weep,  fo  doth  not  fhe  ; 
Thefe  babes  for  Clarence  weep,  and  fo  do  I. 
Alas !  you  three,  on  me  threefold  diflrefl 
Pour  all  your  tears  ;  I  am  your  forrow's  Nurfe, 
And  I  will  pamper  it  with  lamentations. 

Dor.  Comfort,  dear  mother ;   God  is  much  difpleas'd. 
That  with  unthankfulnefs  you  take  his  doing. 
In  common  worldly  things  'tis  call'd  ungrateful 
With  dull  unwillingnefs  to  pay  a  debt, 
Which  with  a  bounteous  hand  was  kindly  lent: 
Much  more  to  be  thus  oppofite  with  heav'n  ; 
For  it  requires  the  royal  debt  it  lent  you. 

Rivers.  Madam,  bethink  you,  like  a  careful  mother, 
Of  the  young  Prince  your  fon ;  fend  flrait  for  him, 
Let  him  be  crown'd  ;  in  him  your  comfort  lives. 
Drown  defp'rate  forrow  in  dead  Edward's  grave, 
And  plant  your  joys  in  living  Edward's  Throne. 

Enter   Glocefler,    Buckingham,    S:anly,   Haflin^,    and 

Ratcliff. 
Glo.  Sifter,  have  comfort :  all  of  us  have  caufe 
To  wail  the  dimming  of  our  mining  flar : 

E  e  3  But 


438  King  Richard  III; 

But  none  can  help  our  harms  by  wailing  them. 
Madam,  my  mother,  I  do  cry  you  mercy , 
I  did  not  fee  you. — Humbly  on  my  knee 
I  crave  your  BleiTing. 

Dutch.  God   blefs    thee,    and   put   meeknefs    in    thy 
Love,  charity,  obedience,  and  true  duty.  [bread, 

Gk.   Amen,  and  make  me  die  a  good  old  man. — ■ 
That  is  the  butt  end  of  a  mother's  BleiTing ; 
I  marvel,  that,  her  Grace  did  leave  it  out. 

Buck.  You  cloudy  Princes,  and  heart-forrowing  Peers, 
That  bear  this  mutual  heavy  load  of  moan, 
Now  chear  each  other  in  each  other's  love ; 
Though  we  have  fpent  our  harveft  of  this  King, 
We  are  to  reap  the  harveft  of  his  fon. 
The  broken  rancor  of  your  high-fwol'n  hearts, 
But  lately  fplinter'd,  knit  and  join'd  together, 
Muft  gently  be  preferv'd,  cherifh'd  and  kept : 
Me  feemeth  good,  that  with  fame  little  train, 
Forthwith  from  Ludlow  the  young  Prince  be  fetcht     (9) 
Hither  to  London,  to  be  crown'd  our  King. 

Riv>  Why  with  fome  little  train,  my  lord  of  Bucking- 
Buck.  Marry,  my  lord,  left  by  a  multitude         [bam  i 
The  new-heal'd  wound  of  malice  mould  break  out  \ 
Which  would  be  fo  much  the  more  dangerous, 
By  how  much  the  Eftate  is  yet  ungovern'd. 
Where  every  horfe  bears  his  commanding  rein, 
And  may  direcl  his  courfe  as  pleafe  himfelf, 
As  well  the  fear  of  harm,  as  harm  apparent, 
In  my  opinion  ought  to  be  prevented. 

Glo.  I  hope,  the  King  made  peace  with  all  of  us  ; 
And  the  compact,   is  firm  and  true  in  me. 

Riv.  And  fo  in  me  -,  and  fo,  I  think,  in  all. 
Yet  fince  it  is  but  green,  it  fhould  be  put 

(9)  Forthwith  from  Ludlow  the  young  Prince  be  fetched,"]  Edward,  the 
young  Prince,  in  his  Father's  life  time  and  at  his  Demife,  kept  his  Houfe- 
hold  at  Ludlow  as  Prince  of  Wales ;  under  the  Governance  of  Antony 
Woodpile  Earl  of  Rivers,  his  Uncle  by  the  Mother's  fide.  The  Intention 
of  his  being  fent  thither  was  to  fee  Juftice  done  in  the  Marches;  and,  by 
the  authority  of  his  prefence,  to  reftrain  the  Weljhmen,  who  were  wild, 
difTolute,  and  ill-difpofed,  from  their  accuilom'd  Murthers  and  Outrages. 
Fid.  Hall,  Holingfhead,  fcfr. 

To 


King  Richard  III.       439 

To  no  apparent  likelihood  of  breach, 

Which,  haply,  by  much  company  might  be  urg'd  ; 

Therefore  I  fay,  with  noble  Buckingham* 

That  it  is  meet  fo  few  mould  fetch  the  Prince. 

Haft.  And  fo  fay  I. 

GIo.  Then  be  it  fo  •,  and  go  we  to  determine, 
Who  they  fliall  be  that  ftrait  fhall  poll  to  Ludlow. 
Madam,  and  you  my  fitter,  will  you  go, 
To  give  your  cenfures  in  this  weighty  bufinefs  ? 

[Exeunt. 
\Manent  Buckingham  and  Glocefter. 

Buck.  My  lord,  whoever  journies  to  the  Prince, 
For  God's  fake,  let  not  us  Two  flay  at  home  ; 
For  by  the  way,  Pll  fort  occafion, 
As  Index  to  the  ftory  we  late  talk'd  of, 
To  part  the  Queen's  proud  kindred  from  the  Prince. 

GIo.  My  other  felf,  my  counfel's  confiftory, 
My  oracle,  my  prophet ! — My  dear  coufin,  (10) 
I,  as  a  child,  will  go  by  thy  direction. 
Tow'rd  Ludlow  then,  for  we'll  not  flay  behind.     Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to  a  Street  near  the  Court, 

Enter  one  Citizen  at  one  door,  and  another  at  the  other. 

1  Cit.  POOD  morrow,    neighbour,   whither  away  fo 
^         fail? 
2  Cit.  I  promife  you,  I  hardly  know  myfelf : 
Hear  you  the  news  abroad  ? 

1  Cit.  Yes,  the  King  is  dead. 

2  Cit.  Ill  news,  by'r  lady  •,  feldom  comes  a  better  ; 
I  fear,  I  fear,  'twill  prove  a  giddy  world. 

Enter  another  Citizen. 

3  Cit.  Neighbours,  God  fpeed ! 

(10)  My  other  f elf,  my  CounfeVs  Confiftory ,  [fCji] 

My  Oracle,  my  Prophet,  my  dear  Coufin  /]  I  have  alter'd  the  Pointing  of 
this  Paflage,  by  the  Direction  of  my  ingenious  Friend  Mr.  Warhurton  : 
becaufe,  by  this  new  Regulation,  a  ftrange  and  ridiculous  Anticlimax 
is  prevented. 

E  e  4  1  Cit. 


r44o  King  Richard  IIL  1 

i  Cit.  Give  you  good  morrow,  Sir. 
3  Cit.  Dcth  the  news  hold  of  good  King  Edward's 
death  ? 

2  Cit.  Ay,  Sir,  it  is  too  true  ,  God  help  the  while ! 

3  Cit.  Then,  mailers,  look  to  fee  a  troublous  world. 

i  Cit.  No,  no,  by  God's  good  grace  his  fon  fhall  reign. 
3  Cit.  Wo  to  that  Land,  that's  govern'd  by  a  child ! 

2  Cit.  In  him  there  is  a  hope  of  government : 
Which  in  his  non-age,  counfel  under  him, 
And,  in  his  full  and  ripen'd  years,  himfelf, 

!No  doubt,  fhall  then,  and  till  then,  govern  well. 
i  Cit.  So  flood  the  State,  when  Henry  the  fixth 
Was  crown'd  in  Paris,  but  at  nine  months  old. 

3  Cit.  Stood  the  State  fo  ?  no,  no,  good  friends,  God 
For  then  this  Land  was  famoufly  enrich'd  [wot ; 
With  politick  grave  counfel ;  then  the  King 

Had  virtuous  Uncles  to  protect  his  Grace. 

i  Cit.  Why,  fo  hath  this,  both  by  his  father  and  mothen 

3  Cit.  Better  it  were,  they  all  came  by  his  father  ; 
Or  by  his  father  there  were  none  at  all : 
For  emulation,  who  fhall  now  be  neareft, 
Will  touch  us  all  too  near,  if  God  prevent  not. 
O,  full  of  danger  is  the  Duke  of  Glo'fter  \ 
And  the  Queen's  fons  and  brothers  haughty,  proud : 
And  were  they  to  be  rul'd,  and  not  to  rule, 
This  fickly  Land  might  folace  as  before. 

1  Cit.  Come,  come,  we  fear  the  worft  ;  all  will  be  well. 

3  Cit.  When  clouds  are  feen,  wife  men  put  on  their 
cloaks ; 
When  great  leaves  fall,  then  winter  is  at  hand  ; 
When  the  Sun  fets,  who  doth  not  look  for  night? 
Untimely  ftorms  make  men  expect  a  dearth  : 
All  may  be  well ;  but  if  God  fort  it  fo, 
*Tis  more  than  we  deferve,  or  I  expecl. 

2  Cit.  Truly,  the  hearts  of  men  are  full  of  fear: 
You  cannot  reafon  almofl:  with  a  man 

That  looks  not  heavily,  and  full  of  dread. 

3  Cit.  Before  the  days  of  change,  ftill  is  it  fo  ; 
By  a  divine  inftincl  men's  minds  miftruft 
Enfuing  danger  ;  as  by  proof  we  fee, 

The 


King  Richard  III.  441 

The  waters  fwell  before  a  boift'rous  ftorm. 
But  leave  it  all  to  God.    Whither  away  ? 

2  Cit.  Marry,  we  were  fent  for  to  the  juftices. 

3  Cit.  And  fo  was  I,  I'll  bear  you  company. 

[Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to  the  Court. 

Enter  Archbijhop  of  York,  the  young  Duke  of  York,  the 
Queen*  and  the  Dutchefs  of  York. 

Arch.  T  Heard,  they  lay  the  laft  night  at  Northampton* 

,    At  Stony-Stratford  they  do  reft  to  night : 
To  morrow,  or  next  day,  they  will  be  here. 

Dutch.  I  long  with  all  my  heart  to  fee  the  Prince  ; 
I  hope,  he  is  much  grown  fince  laft  I  faw  him. 

£>ueen.  But  I  hear  not;  they  fay,  my  fon  of  Tork 
Has  almoft  overta'en  him  in  his  growth. 

Tork.  Ay,  mother,  but  I  would  not  have  it  fo. 

Dutch.  Why,  my  young  Coufin,  it  is  good  to  grow. 

Tork.  Grandam,  one  night  as  we  did  fit  at  fupper, 
My  uncle  Rivers  talk'd  how  I  did  grow 
More  than  my  brother.     Ay,  quoth  my  uncle  Glo'fter* 
Small  herbs  have  grace,  great  weeds  do  grow  apace. 
And  fince,  methinks,  I  would  not  grow  fo  fall, 
B^caufe  fweet  fiow'rs  are  (low,  and  weeds  make  hafte. 

Dutch.  Good  faith,  good  faith,  the  faying  did  not  hold 
In  him,  that  did  object  the  fame  to  thee. 
He  was  the  wretched'ft  thing,  when  he  was  young ; 
So  long  a  growing,  and  fo  leifurely, 
That,  if  his  Rule  were  true,  he  fhould  be  gracious. 

Tork.  And  fo,  no  doubt,  he  is,  my  gracious  Madam.  * 

Dutch.  I  hope,  he  is  \  but  yet  let  mothers  doubt. 

Tork.  Now,  by  my  troth,  if  I  had  been  remember'd, 
I  could  have  giv'n  my  Uncle's  Grace  a  flout 
To  touch  his  growth,  nearer  than  he  touch'd  mine. 

Dutch.  How,  my  young  Tork  ?  I  pr'ythee,  let  me  hear 

Tork.  Marry,  they  fay,  my  uncle  grew  fo  faft,  [it. 

That  he  could  gnaw  a  cruft  at  two  hours  old  , 
'Twas  full  two  years  ere  I  could  get  a  tooth. 

Grandam, 


44*  King  Richard  III,  1 

Grandam,  this  would  have  been  a  biting  jeft. 

Dutch.  I  pr'yjthee,  pretty  Tork,  who  told  thee  this  ? 

Tork.  Grandam,  his  nurfe. 

Butch.  His  nurfe !   why,  me  was  dead  ere  thou  waft 

born. 
Tork.  If  'twere  not  fhe,  I  cannot  tell  who  told  me. 

Queen.  A  parlous  boy go  to,  you  are  too  fhrewd. 

"Dutch.  Good  Madam,  be  not  angry  with  a  child. 
Queen,,  Pitchers  have  ears. 

Enter  a  Mejfenger. 

Arch.  Here  comes  a  mefTenger  :  what  news  ? 

Mef.  Such  news,  my  lord,  as  grieves  me  to  report. 

Queen.  How  doth  the  Prince  ? 

Mef.  Well,  Madam,  and  in  health. 

Dutch.  What  is  thy  news  ? 

Mef.  Lord  Rivers  and  lord  Grey  are  fent  to  Pomfret, 
"With  them  Sir  'Thomas  Vaughan,  prifoners. 

Dutch.  Who  hath  committed  them  ? 

Mef.  The  mighty  Dukes, 
Glo'fler  and  Buckingham. 

Arch.  For  what  offence  ? 

Mef.  The  fum  of  all  I  can,  I  have  difclos'd : 
Why,  or  for  what,  the  Nobles  were  committed, 
Is  all  unknown  to  me,  my  gracious  lady. 

Queen.  Ah  me  !  I  fee  the  ruin  of  my  Houfe  ; 
The  tyger  now  hath  feiz'd  the  gentle  hind. 
Infulting  tyranny  begins  to  jut 
Upon  the  innocent  and  awlefs  throne  ; 
Welcome,  deftru&ion,  blood  and  maflacre  ! 
I  fee,  as  in  a  map,  the  end  of  all. 

Dutch.  Accurfed  and  unquiet  wrangling  days  ! 
How  many  of  you  have  mine  eyes  beheld  ? 
My  husband  loft  his  life  to  get  the  Crown, 
And  often  up  and  down  my  ions  were  toft, 
For  me  to  joy,  and  weep,  their  gain,  and  lofs. 
And  being  feated,  and  domeftick  broils 
Clean  over-blown,  themfelves  the  Conquerors 
Make  war  upon  themfelves,  blood  againft  blood, 
Self  againft  felf ;  O  mod  prepofterous 

3  And 


King  Richard  III.  445 

And  frantick  outrage  !  end  thy  damned  fpleen ; 
Or  let  me  die,  to  look  on  Death  no  more,     (i  i) 

Queen.  Come,  come,  my  boy,  we  will  to  Sanctuary. 
Madam,  farewel. 

Dutch.  Stay,  I  will  go  with  you. 

Queen.  You  have  no  caufe. 

Arch.  My  gracious  lady,  go, 
And  thither  bear  your  treafure  and  your  goods. 
For  my  part,  I'll  refign  unto  your  Grace 
The  Seal  I  keep  ;  and  fo  betide  it  me, 
As  well  I  tender  you,  and  all  of  yours! 
Go,  I'll  conduct  you  to  the  Sanctuary.  [ExeunL 


ACT    III. 

SCENE,  i«  London. 

The  Trumpets  found.     Enter  Prince  of  Wales,  the  Dukes  of 
Gloucefter  and  Buckingham,  Archbifbop,  with  others. 

Buckingham. 

^^ELCOME,   fweet  Prince,   to   London,    to 
your  Chamber. 
Glo.  Welcome,  dear  Coufin,   my  thought's 
Soveraign, 
The  weary  way  hath  made  you  melancholy. 
Prince.  No,  Uncle,  but  our  crofifes  on  the  way 
Have  made  it  tedious,  wearifom  and  heavy. 
I  want  more  Uncles  here  to  welcome  me. 

Glo. 

(\\)  Or  let  me  die,  to  look  on  Earth  no  more."\  This  is  the  Reading  of 
all  the  Copies,  from  the  firft  Edition,  put  out  by  the  Players,  downwards. 
But  the  old  Dutchefs  had  no  Antipathy  to  the  World,  or  looking  upon  the 
Earth  in  general :  Her  Complaints  are  reitrain'd  to  the  calamitous  Days 
Ihe  had  ieen,  the  Miferies  and  Slaughters  of  civil  Wars  at  home  :  during 
the  Procels  of  which  fhe  had  been  witnefs  to  fo  many  Murthers,  fuch 

Havock 


444  King  Richard  III. 

Glo.  Sweet  Prince,  th'  untainted  virtue  of  your  years 
Hath  not  yet  div'd  into  the  world's  deceit": 
Nor  more  can  you  diftinguifh  of  a  man, 
Than  of  his  outward  fhew,  which,  God  he  knows, 
Seldom  or  never  jumpeth  with  the  heart. 
Thofe  Uncles,  which  you  want,  were  dangerous  : 
Your  Grace  attended  to  their  fugar'd  words, 
But  look'd  not  on  the  poifon  of  their  hearts : 
God  keep  you  from  them,  and  from  fuch  falfe  friends  ! 

Prince.  God  keep  me  from  falfe  friends  \  but  they  were 
none. 

Glo.  My  lord,  the  Mayor  of  London  comes  to  o-reet 
you. 

Enter  Lord  Mayor. 

Mayor.  God  blefs  your  Grace  with  health  and  happy 

days ! 
Prince.  I  thank  you,  good  my  lord,    and  thank  you 
all : 
I  thought,  my  Mother,  and  my  brother  Tork9 
Would  long  ere  this  have  met  us  on  the  way. 
Fie,  what  a  Aug  is  Haftings?  that  he  comes  not 
To  tell  us,  whether  they  will  come  or  no. 

Enter  Lord  Haftings. 

Buck.  And    in  good    time    here  comes  the   fweating 

lord. 
Prince.  Welcome,  my  lord  ;    what,    will  our  mother 

come  ? 
Haft.  On  what  occafion,  God  he,  knows,  not  I, 
The  Queen  your  mother,  and  your  brother  Torky 
Have  taken  Sanctuary  ;  the  tender  Prince 
Would  fain  have  come  with  me  to  meet  your  Grace* 
But  by  his  mother  was  perforce  with-held. 

Havock  and  Deilru&ion;  that  me  very  reafonably  wifhes,  that  fuch 
Outrage  may  ceafe,  or  that  me  may  not  live  to  behold  any  more  Friends 
mafiacred.  I  have  therefore  reftored  the  Reading  of  the  old  Quarto  in 
1597  (which  is  copied  by  all  the  other  authentick  Quarto^;)  by  which 
the  Thought  is  finely  and  properly  improved. 
Or  ht  me  dye,  to  look  on  Death  no  ?nort. 

Buck. 


King.K  chard  III.  ^45 

Buck.  Fie,  what  an  indirect  and  peevifh  courfe 
Is  this  of  hers?  Lord  Cardinal,  will  your  Grace 
Perfuade  the  Queen  to  fend  the  Duke  of  York 
Unto  his  Princely  Brother  prefently  ? 
If  (he  deny,  lord  Haftings,  you  go  with  him, 
And  from  her  jealous  arms  pluck  him  perforce. 

Arch.  My  lord  of  Buckingham,  if  my  weak  oratory 
Can  from  his  mother  win  the  Duke  of  York, 
Anon  expect  him  here  •,  but  if  (he  be 
Obdurate  to  entreaties,  God  forbid, 
We  mould  infringe  the  holy  privilege 
Of  Sanctuary  !  not  for  all  this  Land 
Would  I  be  guilty  of  ib  deep  a  fin. 

Buck.  You  are  too  fenfelefs-obflinate  my  lord  ; 
Too  ceremonious,  and  traditional. 
Weigh  it  but  with  the  groffeneis  of  this  age, 
You  break  not  Sanctuary,  in  feizing  him  •, 
The  benefit  thereof  is  always  granted 
To  thofe,  whofe  dealings  have  deferv'd  the  place ; 
And  thofe,  who  have  the  wit  to  claim  the  place  ; 
This  Prince  hath  neither  claim'd  it,  nor  deferv'd  it ; 
Therefore,  in  mine  opinion,  cannot  have  it. 
Then  taking  him  from  thence,  that  is  not  there, 
You  break  no  Privilege  nor  Charter  there : 
Oft  have  I  heard  of  San&uary-men, 
But  Sanctuary-children  ne'er  till  now. 

Arch.  My  lord,  you  fhall  o'er-rule  my  mind  for  once. 
Come  on,  lord  Ha/tings,  will  you  go  with  me  ? 

Haft.  I  go,  my  lord. 

[Exeunt  Archbijhop  and  Haftings. 

"Prince.  Good  lords,    make  all   the   fpeedy  hafte  you 
Say,  Uncle  Gio'fter,  if  our  Brother  come,  [maX» 

Where  fhall  we  fojourn  till  our  Coronation  ? 

Glo.  Where  it  feems  beft  unto  your  royal  felf : 
If  I  may  counfel  you,  fome  day  or  two 
Your  Highnefs  fhall  repofe  you  at  the  'Tower : 
Then  where  you  pleafe,  and  fhall  be  thought  moft  fit 
For  your  beft  health  and  recreation. 

.Prince.  I  do  not  like  the  Tower  of  any  place  j 
Did  Julius  Gepfar  build  that  place,  my  lord? 

Buck. 


44<5  King  Richard  III.  \ 

Buck.  He  did,  my  gracious  lord,  begin  that  place, 
Which,  fince,  fucceeding  ages  have  re-edify'd. 

Prince.  Is  it  upon  record  ?  or  elfe  reported 
Succeffively,  from  age  to  age,  he  built  it  ? 

Buck.  Upon  record,  my  gracious  lord. 

Prince.  But  fay,  my  lord,  it  were  not  regifter'd, 
Methinks,  the  truth  mould  live  from  age  to  age, 
As  'twere  retail'd  to  all  Poflerity  -, 
Even  to  the  general  all-ending  day. 

Glo.  So  wife,  fo  young,  they  fay,  do  ne'er  live  long. 

Prince.  What  fay  you,  uncle? 

Glo.  I  fay,  without  characters  Fame  lives  long. 
Thus,  like  the  formal  Vice,  Iniquity,  %-Afd 

I  moralize  two  meanings  in  one  word.    (12)  J  ■' 

Prince.  That  Julius  Ccefar  was  a  famous  man  ; 
With  what  his  valour  did  enrich  his  wit, 

His 

(12)  'Thus  like  the  formal 'Vice,  Iniquity, 
I  moralize  two  Meanings  in  one  Word.]  All  the  Editions  agree  in  this 
Reading,  without  the  leaft  Variation ;  and  therefore  I  have  not  ventured 
to  difturb  the  Text.  But  as  the  Paflage  has  been  moft  ingenioufly  at- 
tempted, it  is  incumbent  on  me  to  give  the  Conjecture  a  Place ;  after 
which,  I  will  fee  how  far  the  prefent  Reading  may  be  defended  and  ac- 
counted for :    and  then  fubmit  both  to  publick  Judgment.     To  begin 

with  the  Anonymous  Corrector ;  "  Richard,  having  glofs'd  over 

*«  a  villainous  Meaning  with  an  equivocal  Expreifion,  makes  his  Re- 
"  flection  upon  it.  But,  I  believe,  neither  the  Attribute  given  to  Ini- 
"  quity  of  moralizing,  nor  the  Epithet  of  a.  formal  Vice,  are  veryintel-^ 
€<  ligible  :  fure,  they  make  the  Senfe  of  the  two  Lines  altogether  incom- 
"  prehenfible.  Thofe,  who  attend  to  the  Speakers  Character,  and  are 
"  acquainted  with  ancient  Literature,  will  agree  with  me  that  the  Lines 
"  mould  be  read  thus ; 

Ihus,  like  the  formal  wile  Antiquity, 

/  moralize  tnvo  Meanings  in  one  Word. 
**  Alluding  to  the  mythologic  Learning  of  the  Ancients,  which  explained 
u  the  Fables  of  their  Gods  by  moral  Ferities ;  a  Sentiment  wonderfully 
"  well  adapted  to  the  Character  of  Richard,  who  mull  be  fuppos'd  here 
*'  to  fpeak  ironically  and  to  this  Effect .  You  Men  of  Morals,  ivhofo 
"  much  extoll  your  formal  wife  Antiquity,  in  what  am  I  inferior  to  it, 
"  rjjhich  ivas  but  an  Fquinjocator  as  I  am,  and  could  moralize  two  Mean- 
u  ings  in  one  Word  ?'* 

I  come  now  to  the  Explanation  of  the  Text,  as  it  is  exhibited  in  the 
printed  Copies.     By  Vice,  perhaps,  the  Author  may  mean  not  a  Quality 
but  a  Perfon.     There   was  hardly  an  old  Play,    till  the  Period  of  the , 
Reformation,  which  had  not  in  it  a  Devil,  and  a  drole  Character,  a 

Jeaiter ; 


IGng  Richard  III.         44? 

His  wit  fet  down  to  make  his  valour  live : 
Death  makes  no  conqueft  of  this  Conqueror; 
For  now  he  lives  in  fame,  though  not  in  life. 
Pll  telj  you  what,  my  coufin  Buckingham. 

Buck.  What,  my  gracious  lord  ? 

Prince.  An  if  I  live  until  I  be  a  man,  ^ 
I'll  win  our  ancient  Right  in  France  again, 
Or  die  a  foldier,  as  I  liv'd  a  King. 

Glo.  Short  Summer  lightly  has  a  forward  Spring. 

Enter  York,  Haftings,  and  Archbijhop. 

Buck.  Now  in  good  time  here  comes  the  Duke  of  Tork. 
Prince.  Richard  of  Tork,  how  fares  our  noble  Brother  ? 
Tork.  Well,  my  dread  lord,  fo  mud  I  call  you  now. 
Prince.  Ay,  Brother,  to  our  grief,  as  it  is  yours  ; 

Jeafter ;  (who  was  to  play  upon,  and  work,  the  Devil ;)  and  this  Bufibon 
went  by  the  Name  of  a  Vice.     A  Vice  in  a  Flay,  badin,  mime  ;  To  play 
the  Vice,  badiner ;    Mime,    a  Vice,   Fool,  Jeafter,   &c.  in  a  Flay ;  lays 
Cotgra<ve.      Mimo,    (mimus)   a  Jeafter,    a  Vice  ;    fays  Minjbenv  in  his 
Spanijh  Dictionary.      If  it  be  worth  the  while  to  fpend  a  Word  or  two 
upon  Derivation,    we  are  told,    this  Vice  comes  from  the  Saxon  Word 
leek,  which  comes  from  the  Greek  eka/©",    <vanus,  fatuus.     I  confefs, 
I  think,    we  may  go  a  nearer  way  to  work.      This  Vice,  in  my  Mind, 
comes  from  the  Greek   Original :    for,    adding  the  JEolic  Digamma  to 
eiKetlQ-,    (fcil.  Fetfceti©*)  and  then  throwing  out  the  Termination,    Vice 
is  very  nearly  produced.     But  to  pafs  over  from  Etymology.     This  Buf- 
foon was  at  firft  accoutred  with  a  long  Jerkin,  a  Cap  with  a  Pair  of  Als's 
Ears,  and  a  Wooden  Dagger,    with  which  (like  another  Arlequin)  he 
was  to  make  Sport  in  belabouring  the  Devil.     This  was  the  confeant 
Entertainment  in  the  Times  of  Popery,    whilit  Spirits,    and  Witchcraft, 
and  Exorciiing   held  their   own.      When  the   Reformation  took  place, 
the  Stage  fhook  offfome  Groffities,  and  encreas'd  in  Refinements.     The 
Mailer-Devil  then  was  foon  dismifs'd  from  the  Scene ;    and  this  Buffoon 
was  changed  into  a  fubordinate  Fiend,    whofe  Bufmefs  was  to  range  on 
Earth,  and   feduce  poor  Mortals  into  that  perfonated  vicious   Quality, 
which  he  occaflonally  fupported  ;    as,    Iniquity   in  general,    Hypocrijy, 
Ufury,  Vanity,  Prodigality,  Gluttony,  &c.     Now   as  the  Fiend,  (or  Vice,) 
who  perfonated  Iniquity  (or  Hypocrily,  for  Inftance,)  could  never  hope 
to  play  his  Game  to  the  purpofe  but  by  hiding  his  cloven  Foot,  and 
affuming  a  Semblance  quite  different  from  his  real  CharadUr  ;   he  muft 
certainly  put  on  a  formal  Demeanour,  moralme,  and  prevaricate  in   his 
Words,  and  pretend  a  Meaning  directly  oppofite  to  his  genuine  and  pri- 
1    mitive  Intention.     If  this  does  not  explain  the  Paffage  in  Queilion,  'tis 
all  that  I  can  at  preient  fuggeft  upon  it.  Stibjudice  lis  ejl :    I  relin- 

quifh  it  to  more  able  Judgments, 

Too 


448       King  Richard  III. 

Too  late  he  dy'd  that  might  have  kept  that  Title, 
Which  by  his  death  hath  loft  much  Majefty. 

Glo.  How  fares  our  Coufin,  noble  lord  of  Tork  ? 

Tork.  I  thank  you,  gentle  Uncle.     O  my  lord, 
You  faid,  that  idle  weeds  are  fa  ft  in  growth  : 
The  Prince  my  brother  hath  outgrown  me  far. 

Glo.  He  hath,  my  lord. 

Tork.  And  therefore  is  he  idle  ? 

Glo.  Oh,  my  fair  coufin,  I  muft  not  fay  fo. 

Tork.  Then  he  is  more  beholden  to  you  than  I. 

Glo.  He  may  command  me  as  my  Soveraign, 
But  you  have  pow'r  in  me,  as  in  a  kinfman. 

Tork.  I  pray  you,  Uncle,  give  me  this  dagger. 

Glo.  My  dagger,  little  coufin?  with  all  my  heart. 

Prince.  A  beggar,  Brother  ? 

Tork.  Of  my  kind  Uncle,  that  I  know  will  give  ; 
And  being  a  toy,  it  is  no  grief  to  give. 

Glo.  A  greater  gift  Than  that  I'll  give  my  Coufin. 

Tork.  A  greater  gift  ?  O,  that's  the  fword  to  it. 

Glo.  Ay,  gentle  Coufin,  were  it  light  enough. 

Tork.  O,  then  I  fee,  you'll  part  but  with  light  gifts ; 
In  weightier  things  you'll  fay  a  beggar  nay. 

Glo.  It  is  too  weighty  for  your  Grace  to  wear. 

Tork.  I  weigh  it  lightly,  were  it  heavier. 

Glo.  What,  would  you  have  my  weapon,    little  lord  ? 

Tork.  I  would,  that  I  might  thank  you,  as  you  call  me» 

Glo.  How  ? 

Tork.  Little. 

Prince.  My  lord  of  Tork  will  ftill  be  crofs  in  Talk : 
Uncle,  your  Grace  knows  how  to  bear  with  him. 

Tork.  You  mean  to  bear  me,  not  to  bear  with  me : 
Uncle,  my  Brother  mocks  both  you  and  me  : 
Becaufe  that  I  am  little,  like  an  ape, 
He  thinks,  that  you  fliould  bear  me  on  your  moulders. 

Buck.  With  what  a  fharp-provided  wit  he  reafons  ! 
To  mitigate  the  fcorn  he  gives  his  Uncle, 
He  prettily  and  aptly  taunts  himfelf ; 
So  cunning,  and  fo  young,  is  wonderful. 

Glo.  My  lord,  will't  pleafe  you  pafs  along  t* 
Myfeif,  and  my  good  coufin  Buckingham 

Will 


f.  'King  Richard  III.  44^ 

Will  to  your  mother,  to  entreat  of  her 

To  meet  you  at  the  Tower,  and  welcome  you. 

York.  What*  will  you  go  unto  the  Tower,  my  lord  ? 

Prince.  My  lord  Protector  needs  will  have  it  fo. 

York.  I  mail  not  deep  in  quiet  at  the  Tower. 

Glo.  Why,  what  mould  you  fear  ? 

York.  Marry,  my  uncle  Clarence"  angry  Ghoft: 
My  Grandam  told  me,  he  was  murther'd  there. 

Prince.  I  fear  no  Uncles  dead. 

Glo.  Nor  none  that  live,  I  hope. 

Prince.  An  if  they  live,  I  hope,  I  need  not  fear. 
But  come,  my  lord,  and  with  a  heavy  heart, 
Thinking  on  them,  go  I  unto  the  Tower. 

[Exeunt  Prince,  York,  Haftings  and  Dorfet. 

Manent  Glocefter,  Buckinigham  and  Catefby. 

Buck.  Think  you,  my  lord,  this  little  prating  York 
Was  not  incenfed  by  his  fubtle  mother, 
To  taunt  and  fcorn  you  thus  opprobrioufly  ? 

Glo.  No  doubt,  no  doubt:  oh,  'tis  a  perilous  boy, 
Bold,  quick,  ingenious,  forward,  capable  ; 
He's  all  the  mother's,  from  the  top  to  toe. 

Buck.  Well,  let  them  reft :    come,    Catesby,    thou  art 
As  deeply  to  effect  what  we  intend,  [fwom 

As  clofely  to  conceal  what  we  impart : 
Thou  know'ft  our  reafons  urg'd  upon  the  way  ; 
What  think'ft  thou  ?  is  it  not  an  eafie  matter 
To  make  lord  William  Haftings  of  our  mind, 
For  thelnftalment  of  this  noble  Duke 
In  the  Seat  royal  of  this  famous  Ifle  ? 

Catef.  He  for  his  father's  fake  fo  loves  the  Prince, 
That  he  will  not  be  won  to  aught  againft  him. 

Buck.  What  think'ft  thou  then  of  Stanley  ?    will  not 

Catef.  He  will  do  all  in.  all  as  Haftings  doth.  [he  ? 

Buck.  Well    then,    no  more    than    this  :  go,  gentle 
Catesby, 
And,  as  it  were  far  off,  found  thou  lord  Haftings^ 
How  he  doth  ftand  affected  to  our  purpofe ; 
And  fummon  him  to  morrow  to  the  Tower9 
To  fit  about  the  Coronation. 

Vol.  IV.  Ff  1  If 


45°  King  Richard  III;  1 

If  thou  dofl:  find  him  tradable  to  us, 

Encourage  him,  and  tell  him  all  our  reafons: 

If  he  be  leaden,  icy,  cold,  unwilling, 

Be  thou  fo  too  j  and  fo  break  off  the  Talk, 

And  give  us  notice  of  his  inclination  : 

For  we  to  morrow  hold  divided  Councils, 

Wherein  thy  felf  fhalt  highly  be  employ'd. 

Glo.  Commend  me  to  lord  William ;  tell  him,  Catesby% 
His  ancient  knot  of  dangerous  adverfaries 
To  morrow  are  let  blood  at  Pomfret-caRXz  ; 
And  bid  my  friend,  for  joy  of  this  good  news, 
Give  miftrefs  Shore  one  gentle  kifs  the  more. 

Buck.  Good  Catesby,  go,  effect  this  bufin  efs  foundly. 

Catef  My  good  lords  both,  with  all  the  heed  I  can. 

Glo.  Shall  we  hear  from  you,  Catesby,  ere  we  fleep  ? 

Catef.  You  (hall,  my  lord. 

Glo.  At  Crosby-phce,  there  you  mail  find  us  both. 

[Ex.  Cat, 

Buck.  My  lord,  what  (hall  we  do,  if  we  perceive, 
Lord  Haftings  will  not  yield  to  our  complots  ? 

Glo.  Chop  off  his  head,  Man  ;    fomewhat  we  will  do  ; 
And  look,  when  I  am  King,  claim  thou  of  me 
The  Earldom  of  Hereford,  and  the  moveables 
Whereof  the  King,  my  brother,  flood  poffeft. 

Buck.  I'll  claim  that  promife  at  your  Grace's  hand. 

Glo.  And  look  to  have  it  yielded  with  all  kindnefs. 
Come,  let  us  fup  betimes  •,  that,  afterwards, 
We  may  digeft  our  complots  in  fome  form.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE,    before  Lord  Haftings'i  Houfe. 

Enter  a  Mejfenger  to  the  door  of  Haftings. 

Mej.  ]\   T  Y  lord,  my  lord, 

1VX  Haft,  [within.]  Who  knocks  ? 
Mel.  One  from  lord  Stanley. 
Haft.  What  is*t  o*  clock  ?  ' 
Mef.  Upon  the  ftroak  of  four. 

3  Enter 


King  Richard  III.  45 1 

Enter  Lord  Haftings. 

Haft.  Cannot  thy  Matter  fleep  thefe  tedious  nights  ? 

Mef.  So  it  appears,  by  what  I  have  to  fay  : 
Firft,  he  commends  him  to  your  noble  felf. 

Haft.  What  then  ? 

Mef.  Then  certifies  your  lordftiip,  that  this  night 
He  dreamt,  the  Boar  had  rafed  off  his  helm  : 
Befides,  he  fays,  there  are  two  Councils  held ; 
And  That  may  be  determin'd  at  the  one, 
Which  may  make  you  and  him  to  rue  at  th'  other. 
Therefore  he  fends  to  know  your  lordmip's  pleafure, 
If  you  will  prefently  take  horfe  with  him, 
And  with  all  fpeed  poll  with  him  tow'rds  the  North  ; 
To  fhun  the  danger  that  his  foul  divines. 

Haft.  Go,  fellow,  go,  return  unto  thy  lord, 
Bid  him  not  fear  the  feparated  Councils  : 
His  Honour,  and  myfelf,  are  at  the  one  ; 
And,  at  the  other,  is  my  good  friend  Catesby  •, 
Where  nothing  can  proceed,  that  toucheth  us, 
Whereof  I  (hall  not  have  intelligence  : 
Tell  him,  his  fears  are  (hallow,  wanting  inftance ; 
And  for  his  Dreams,  I  wonder,  he's  fo  fond 
To  truft  the  mock'ry  of  unquiet  (lumbers. 
To  fly  the  boar,  before  the  boar  purfues, 
Were  to  incenfe  the  boar  to  follow  us ; 
And  make  purfuit,  where  he  did  mean  no  chafe. 
Go,  bid  thy  Matter  rife  and  come  to  me, 
And  we  will  Both  together  to  the  Tower, 
Where,  he  (hall  fee,  the  boar  will  ufe  us  kindly. 

Mef.  I'll  go,    my  lord,    and  tell  him  what  you   fay. 

[Exit. 

Enter  Catefby. 

Cateft  Many  good  morrows  to  my  noble  lord  ! 

Haft.  Good  morrow,  Catesby,  you  are   early  ftirring : 
What  news,  what  news,  in  this  our  tott'ring  State  ? 

Cateft  It  is  a  reeling  world,  indeed,  my  lord  \ 
And,  I  believe,  will  never  (land  upright, 
Till  Richard  wear  the  Garland  of  the  Realm. 

F  f  2  Haft. 


45-        King  Kictt A  rd  III. 

Haft.  How  !    wear  the  garland  ?    doft  thou  mean  the 

Catef.  Ay,  my  good  lord.  [Crown  ? 

Haft,  I'll    have    this    crown   of  mine    cut    from    my 
moulders, 
Before  I'll  fee  the  Crown  fo  foul  mifplac'd. 
But  canit  thou  guefs,  that  he  doth  aim  at  it  ? 

Catef  Ay,  on  my  life  •,  and  hopes  to  find  you  forward 
Upon  his  Party,  for  the  gain  thereof-, 
And  thereupon  he  fends  you  this  good  news, 
That  this  fame  very  day  your  enemies, 
The  kindred  of  the  Queen,  muft  die  at  Pomftret. 

Haft.  Indeed,  I  am  no  mourner  for  that  news, 
Becaufe  they  have  been  (till  my  adverfaries  •, 
But  .that  I'll  give  my  voice  on  Richard's  fide, 
To  bar  my  Matter's  Heirs  in  true  defcent, 
God  knows,  I  will  not  do  it,  to  the  death. 

Catef.  God  keep  your  lordfhip  in  that  gracious  mind  !  : 

Haft.  But  I  fhall  laugh  at '  this  a  twelve-month  hence, 
That  they^  who  brought  me  in  my  Mailer's  hate, 
I  live  to  look  upon  their  Tragedy. 
Well,  Catesby^  ere  a  fortnight  make  me  older, 
I'll  fend"  fome  packing  that  yet  think  not  on't. 

Catef.  'Tis  a  vile  thing  to  die,   my  gracious  lord, 
When  men  are  unprepar'd  and  look  not  for  it. 

Haft.  O  monftrous,  monftrous !  and  fo  falls  it  out 
With  River s ^  Vaughan^  Gray  ;  and  fo  'twill  do 
With  fome  men  elie,  who  think  themfelves  as  fafe 
As  thou  and  I ;  who,  as  thou  know'ft,  are  dear 
To  Princely  Richard  and  to  Buckingham. 

Catef.  The  Princes  both  make  high  account  of  you — 
For  they  account  his  head  upon  the  bridge.  [Afide. 

Haft.  I  know,  they  do  ;  and  I  have  well  defer v'd  it* 

Enter  Lord  Stanley. 

Come  on,  come  on,  where  is  your  boar-fpear,  man? 
Fear  you  the  boar,  and  go  fo  unprovided  ? 

Stan.  My  lord,   good  morrow ;    and,    good  morrow, 
Catesby  ; 
You  may  jell;  on,  but,  by  the  holy  Rood, 
I  do  not  like  thefe  feveral  Councils,  I. 

2    _  Haft. 


King  Ri  char  it  III.       45:3 

Haft.  My  lord,  I  hold  my  life  as  dear  as  you  do- yours, 
And  never  in  my  days,  I  do  protefr, 
Was  it  fo  precious  to  me  as  'tis  now  ; 
Think  you,  but  that  I  know  our  (late  fecure, 
I  would  be  fo  triumphant  as  I  am  ? 

Stan.  The  lords   at   Pomfret,    when   they   rode   from 
London  >■ 
Were  jocund,  and  fuppos'd,  their  dates  were  fure; 
And  they,  indeed,  had  no  caufe  to  miftrufl  ; 
But  yet,  you  fee,  how  foon  the  day  o'er-cafl. 
This  fudden  ftab  of  rancor  I  mifdoubt  ; 
Pray  God,  I  fay,  I  prove  a  needlefs  coward  ! 
What,  (hall  we  tow'rd  the  Tower  ?  the  day  is  fpent. 

Haft.   Come,  come,  have  with  you  :  wot  ye  what,  my 
To  day  the  lords,  you  talk  of,  are  beheaded.  [lord  ? 

Stan.  They,    for  their  truth,    might  better  wear  their 
heads, 
Than  fome,  that  have  accus'd  them,-  wear  their  hats. 
But  come,  my  lord,  away. 

Enter  a  Purfuivant. 

Haft.  Go  on  before,  I'll  talk  with  this  good  fellow. 

[Exeunt  Lord  Stanley  and  Catefby. 
Sirrah,  how  now  ?  how  goes  the  world  with  thee  ? 

Purf.  The  better,  that  your  lordfhip  pleafe  to  afk. 

Haft.  I  tell  thee,  man,  'tis  better  with  me  now, 
Than  when  thou  met'ft  me  laft  where  now  we  meet;  . 
Then  was  I  going  prifoner  to  the  Tower, 
By  the  fuggeftion  of  the  Queen's  allies. 
But  now  I  tell  thee,  (keep  it  to  thyfelf,) 
This  day  thofe  enemies  are  put  to  death  ; 
And  I  in  better  ftate,  than  e'er  I  was. 

Purf.  God  hold  it  to  your  Honours  good  content ! 

Haft.  Gramercy,  fellow;  there,  drink  that  for  me. 

[Throws  him  his  pur fe. 

Purf.  I  thank  your  Honour.  [Exit  Purfuivant. 

Enter  a  Pried. 

Prieft.  Well    ire:,    my  lord,     I'm    g;ad   to   fee  your 
Honour, 

Ff"3  Htf: 


454  King  Richard    HI.  1 

Haft.  I  thank  thee,  good  Sir  John,  with  all  my  heart ; 
I'm  in  your- debt  for  your  laft  exercife  : 
Come  the  next  fabbath,  and  I  will  content  you. 

[He  whijpers. 

Enter  Buckingham. 

Buck.  What,  talking  with  a  Prieft,  lord  Chamberlain  ? 
Your  friends  at  Pomfret  they  do  need  the  prieft, 
Your  Honour  hath  no  fhriving  work  in  hand. 

Haft.  Good  faith,  and  when  I  met  this  holy  man, 
The  men,  you  talk  of,  came  into  my  mind. 
What,  go  you  tow'rd  the  Tower  ? 

Buck.  I  do,  my  lord,  but  long  I  fhall  not  ftay  : 
I  (hall  return  before  your  lordfhip  thence. 

Haft.  Nay,  like  enough,  for  I  ftay  dinner  there. 

Buck.  And  fupper  too,  altho  thou  know'ft  it  not. 

[Aftde. 
Come,  will  you  go  ? 

Haft.  I'll  wait  upon  your  lordfhip.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to  Pomfret-  Cafik. 

Enter  Sir  Richard  Rate! iff,  with  halberds ,  carrying  Lord 
Rivers,  Lord  Richard  Gray,  and  Sir  Thomas  Vaughan 
to  Death. 

Rat.  /^OME,  bring  forth  the  Prifoners. 

V^'    ffiv.  Sir  Richard  Ratdiff,  let  me  tell  thee  this, 
To  day  fhalt  thou  behold  a  Subject  die 
For  truth,  for  duty,  and  for  loyalty. 

Gray.  God  keep  the  Prince  from  all  the  pack  of  you, 
A  knot  you  are  of  damned  blood-fuckers. 

Vaugh.  You  live,    that  fhall  cry  woe  for  this  hereafter. 
Rat.  Difpatch  ;  the  limit  of  your  lives  is  out.     (13) 

Riv. 

(13)  Vaugh.  You  live,  that  Jhall cry  Woe  for This  hereafter. 

Rat,  Difpatch  ;  the  Limit  of  your  Lives  is  out.']  Thefe  two  Lines  Mr. 
Pope  has  thought  lit  to  fuppreis  in  his  Editions,  for  what  Reafon  I  can't 
pretend  to  lay ;  tho  they  have  the  Authority  both  of  the  Old  Folio's,  and 
3  re  likewife  in  Mr.  Ro-j:e>  whom  he  Teems  generally  to  follow.     Without 

them, 


KtTig  Richard  III.  477 

Riv.  O  Pom/ret,  Pomfret !  O  thou  bloody  prifon, 
Fatal  and  ominous  to  noble  Peers ! 
Within  the  guilty  clofure  of  thy  walls 
Richard  the  Second,  here,  was  hack'd  to  death  : 
And,  for  more  (lander  to  thy  difmal  feat, 
We  give  to  thee  our  guiltlefs  blood  to  drink. 

Gray.  Now  Margrefs  Curfe  is  fall'n  upon  our  heads, 
When  fhe  exclaim'd  on  Haftings,  you,  and  I,     (14} 
For  (landing  by  when  Richard  ftab'd  her  fon. 

Riv.  Then  curs'd  ihe  Richard,   curs'd  fhe  Buckingham, 
Then  curs'd  fhe  Haftings.    O  remember,  God  ! 
To  hear  her  prayer  for  them,  as  now  for  us : 
As  for  my  filler  and  her  Princely  fons, 
Be  fatisfy'd,  dear  God,  with  our  true  blood  ; 
Which,  as  thou  know'ft,  unjuflly  muft  be  fpilt. 

Rat.  Make  hade,  the  hour  of  death  is  now  expir'd. 

Riv.  Come,  Gray  •,  come,  Vaughan;  let  us  all  embrace  ; 
Farewel,  until  we  meet  again  in  heaven.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE,   The  Tower. 

Buckingham,  Stanley,  Haftings,  Bi/hopofEly,  Catefby, 
Lovel,  with  others,  at  a  table. 

Haft,  ^l!  OW,  noble  Peers,  the  caufe  why  we  are  met 

JL^    Is  to  determine  of  the  Coronation  : 
In  God's  Name  fpeak,  when  is  the  royal  day  ? 

Buck.  Are  all  things  ready  for  that  royal  time  ? 

Stanl.  They  are,  and  want  but  nomination. 

Ely.  To  morrow  then  I  judge  a  happy  day. 

Buck.  Who  knows  the  lord  Protestor's  mijid  herein  ? 
Who  is  mofl  inward  with  the  noble  Duke  ?  [mind. 

Ely.  Your  Grace,  we  think,    fhould  foonefl  know  his 

Buck.  We  know  each  other's  faces  •,  for  our  hearts, 
He  knows  no  more  of  mine,  than  I  of  yours  ; 

them,  I  would  obferve,  that  Sir  Thomas  Vaughan  is  introduced,  and  led 
off  to  dye,  without  a  fingle  fy liable  spoken  by  him. 

(14)  When  Jhe  exclaim d  on  Haftings,  Tcuj  and  /,]  This  Verfe  is 
likewife  tacitly  fupprefs'd  by  Mr.  Pope,  tho  it  has  the  fame  Authorities 
as  the  former. 

F  f  4  Nor 


4><$  7%RlCHARD    III. 

Nor  I  of  his,  my  lord,  than  you  of  mine : 
J^ord' Haftings,  you  and  he  are  near  in  love. 

Haft.  I  thank  his  Grace,  Iknow,  he  loves  me  well : 
But  for  his  purpofe  in  the  Coronation, 
I  have  not  founded  him  ;  nor  he  deliver'd 
His  gracious  pleafure  any  way  therein  : 
But  you,  my  noble  lord,  may  name  the  time, 
And  in  the  Duke's  behalf  I'll  give  my  voice, 
Which,  I  prefume,  he'll  take  in  gentle  part. 

Enter  Glocefter. 

Ely.  In  happy  time  here  comes  the  Duke  himfelf. 

Glo.  My  noble  lords  and  coufins  all,  good  morrow  ; 
I  have  been  long  a  deeper  •,  but,  I  truft, 
My  ablence  doth  neglect  no  great  defign  ; 
Which  by  my  prefence  might  have  been  concluded. 

Buck,  Had  you  not  come  upon  your  cue,  my  lord, 
JVilliam  lord  Haftings  had  pronounc'd  your  part ; 
I  mean,  your  voice  for  crowning  of  the  King. 

Glo.  Than  my  lord  Haftings  no  man  might  be  bolder, 
His  lordfhip  knows  me  well,   and  loves  me  well. 
My  lord  of  Ely,  when  I  was  laft  in  Holbourn, 
I  (few  good  Irrawberries  in  your  garden  there  ; 
I  do  befeech  you,  fend  for  fome  of  them. 

Ely.  Marry,  and  will,  my  lord,  with  all  my  heart. 

[£#z7  Ely. 

Glo.  Coufin  of  Buckingham,  a  word  with  you. 
Catesby  hath  founded  Haftings  in  our  bufinefs, 
And  finds  the  tefty  gentleman  fo  hot, 
That  he  will  lofe  his  head,  ere  give  Confent, 
His  Matter's  Son,  as  worfhipfully  he  terms  it, 
Shall  lofe  the  Royalty  of  England's  Throne. 

Buck.  Withdraw  yourfelf  a  while,  I'll  go  with  you. 

[Exe.  Glo.  and  Buck. 

Stanl.  We  have  not  yet  fet  down  this  day  of  Triumph : 
To  morrow,  in  my  judgement,  is  too  fudden  s 
For  I  my  felf  am  not  fo  well  provided, 
As  elfe  I  would  be,  were  the  day  prolong'd. 

Re-enter 


King  Richard  III.  457 

Re-enter  Bifhop  of  Ely. 

Ely.  Where  is  my  lord  the  Duke  of  Glocefter? 
I  have  fent  for  thefe  ftrawberries. 

Haft.  His  Grace  looks  chearfully  and  fmooth  this  morn- 
There's  fome  conceit,  or  other,  likes  him  well,        [ing  ; 
When  that  he  bids  good  morrow  with  fuch  fpirit. 
1  think,  there's  ne'er  a  man  in  Chriftendom    (15) 
Can  leflfer  hide  his  love,  or  hate,  than  he  ; 
For  by  his  face  ftrait  (hall  you  know  his  heart. 

Stanl.  What  of  his  heart  perceive  you  in  his  face, 
By  any  likelihood  he  fhew'd  to  day  ? 

Haft.  Marry,  that  with  no  man  here  he  is  offended : 
For  were  he,  he  had  (hewn  if  in  his  looks. 

Re-enter  Glocefter  and  Buckingham. 

Glo.  I  pray  you  all,  tell  me  what  they  defer ve, 
That  do  confpire  my  death  with  devilifh  plots 
Of  damned  Witchcraft ;  and  that  have  prevailed 
Upon  my  body  with  their  hellifh  Charms. 

Haft.  The  tender  love  I  bear  your  Grace,  my  lord, 
Makes  me  mod  forward  in  this  Princely  prefence, 
To  doom  th'  offenders,  whofoe'er  they  be : 
I  fay,  my  lord,  they  have  deferved  death. 

Glo.  Then  be  your  eyes  the  witnefs  of  their  evil ; 
Look,  how  I  am  bewitch'd  •,  behold,  mine  arm 
Is,  like  a  blafted  Sapling,  wither'd  up : 
And  this  is  Edward's  wife,  that  monftrous  witch, 
Conforted  with  that  harlot,  {trumpet  Shore, 
That  by  their  witchcraft  thus  have  marked  me. 

Haft.  If  they  have  done  this  deed,  my  noble  lord. — — 

Glo.  If?  thou  Protector  of  this  damned  ftrumpet, 

Talk'ft  thou  to  me  of  Ifs  ?  thou  art  a  traitor 

Off  with  his  head.-       now,  by  St.  Paul  I  fwear, 

(15)  /  think,  there's  ne'er  a  Man  in  Chriftendom 
Can  lejfer  hide  his  Love,  or  Hate,  than  He ; 

For  by  his  Face  fir  ait Jh  all  you  know  his  Heart.]     The  Character  here  given 
of  Richard,  (tho  very  falfly)  exactly  tallies  with  a  Fragment  from  One  of 
Ennius's  Tragedies,  quoted  by  Nonius  Marcellus. 
m  —  Eo  Ego  ingeni6 

'"  '  '" '  Natusfum,  Amicitiam  atq ;  Inimicitiam  in  frontem  promptamgero. 

I 


45 8        King  Richard  III. 

I  will  not  dine  until  I  fee  the  fame. 

Lovely  and  Catesby, look,  that  it  be  done  :    (16) 

The  reft,  that  love  me,  rife  and  follow  me.  [Exeunt. 

Manent  Lovel  and  Catefby,  with  the  lord  Haftings. 

Haft.  Woe,  woe  for  England,  not  a  whit  for  me, 
For  I,  too  fond,  might  have  prevented  this : 
Stanley  did  dream,  the  boar  did  rafe  our  helms  ; 
But  I  did  fcorn  it,  and  difdain  to  fly  ; 
Three  times  to  day  my  foot-cloth  horfe  did  {tumble, 
And  ftarted  when  he  look'd  upon  the  Tower ; 
As  loth  to  bear  me  to  the  flaughter-houfe. 
O,  now  I  need  the  pried  that  lpake  to  me  : 
I  now  repent,  I  told  the  Purfuivant, 
As  too  triumphing,  how  mine  enemies 
To  day  at  Pomfret  bloodily  were  butcher'd, 
And  I  myfelf  fecure  in  grace  and  favour. 
Oh,  Marg'rety  Marg'ret,  now  thy  heavy  Curfe 
Is  lighted  on  poor  Haftings'  wretched  head. 

Catef.  Come,  come,  difpatch  j    the  Duke  would  be  at. 
dinner. 
Make  a  fhort  fhrifr,  he  longs  to  fee  your  head. 

Haft.  O  momentary  grace  of  mortal  men, 
Which  we  more  hunt  for  than  the  grace  of  God  ! 
Who  builds  his  hope  in  air  of  your  fair  looks, 
Lives  like  a  drunken  failor  on  a  maft, 
Ready  with  every  Nod  to  tumble  down 
Into  the  fatal  bowels  of  the  deep. 

Lov.  Come,  come,  difpatch,   'tis  bootlefs  to  exclaim. 

Haft.  Oh,  bloody  Richard!  miferable  England ! 
I  prophefie  the  fearful'S:  time  to  thee, 

(16)  Lovel  #«^Ratcliff,  look  that  it  be  done."]  There  are  two  Things 
to  be  obferv'd,  which  will  warrant  the  Variation  I  have  made  upon  this 
Paflage.  The  Scene  is  here  in  the  Tower :  and  Lord  Haftings  was  cut 
off  on  that  very  day,  when  Riven,  Gray  and  Vaughan  fufterM  at  Pomfret. 
How  then  could  Ratdiff  at  the  fame  Inllant  be  both  in  TorkJJAre  and  the 
Tower  ?  In  the  very  Scene  preceding  This,  we  find  him  conducting 
thofe  Gentlemen  to  the  Block.  The  Players  in  their  Edition  firlt  made 
the  Blunder,  as  to  Ratdiff  attending  Lord  Haftings  to  Death  :  for,  in 
the  old  Quarto,  we  find  it  rightly  ?  -  Exeunt :  Manet  Catesby  <witb 
Haftings. 

That 


King  Richard  III.         459 

That  ever  wretched  Age  hath  look'd  upon. 
Come,  lead  me  to  the  block,  bear  him  my  head  : 
They  fmile  at  Me,  who  Ihortly  mail  be  dead.      [Exeunt. 

SCENE   changes  to  the  Tower-walls, 

Enter  Glocefter  and  Buckingham  in  rufty  armour,  marvel- 
lous ill-favour*  d. 

Gfe/*lOME;  Coufin,   canft  thou  quake  and  change 

\^j         thy  colour, 
Murther  thy  breath  in  middle  of  a  word, 
And  then  again  begin,  and  ftop  again, 
As  if  thou  wert  diftraught,  and  mad  with  terror  ? 

Buck.  Tut,  I  can  counterfeit  the  deep  Tragedian, 
Speak,  and  look  back,  and  pry  on  every  fide  j 
Tremble  and  ftart  at  wagging  of  a  ftraw, 
Intending  deep  fufpicion:  ghaftly  looks 
Are  at  my  fervice,  like  enforced  fmiles ; 
And  both  are  ready  in  their  offices, 
At  any  time  to  grace  my  ftratagems. 

Glo.  Here  comes  the  Mayor. 

Buck.  Let  me  alone  to  entertain  him.     Lord  Mayor, — 

Enter  the  Lord  Mayor  ^  attended. 

Glo*.  Look  to  the  draw-bridge  there. 

Buck.  Hark,  a  drum  ! 

Glo.  Catesby,  o'erlook  the  walls. 

Buck.  Lord  Mayor,  the  reafon  we  have  fent 

Glo.  Look  back,  defend  thee,  here  are  enemies. 
Buck.  God  and  our  innocence  defend  and  guard  us ! 

Enter  Lovel  and  Catelby  with  Haftings'j  head. 

Glo.  Be  patient,  they  are  friends  ;  Catesby  and  Lovel. 

Lov.  Here  is  the  head  of  that  ignoble  traitor, 
The  dangerous  and  unfufpe&ed  Raftings. 

Glo.  So  dear  I  lov'd  the  man,  that  I  muft  v/eep  : 
I  took  him  for  the  plaineft,  harmlefs  creature, 

That  breath5  d  upon  the  earth  a  chriftian  : 
1 

Maa* 


4<So  King  Richard  III. 

Made  him  my  book,  wherein  my  foul  recorded 

The  hiftory  of  all  her  fecret  thoughts  ; 

So  fmooth  he  daub'd  his  vice  with  fhew  of  virtue, 

That  (his  apparent  open  guilt  omitted, 

I  mean,  his  converfation  with  Shore's  wife) 

He  liv'd  from  all  attainder  of  Sufpect. 

Buck.  Well,  well,  he  was  the  covert'ft  fhelter'd  trai- 
tor  

Would  you  imagine,  or  almoft  believe, 
(Were't  not,  that  by  great  prefervation 
We  live  to  tell  it)  that  the  fubtle  traitor 
This  day  had  plotted,  in  the  Council-houfe, 
To  murther  me  and  my  good  lord  of  Glojier. 

Mayor.  What  I  had  he  fo  ? 

Glo.  What !  think  you,  we  are  Turks  or  Infidels? 
Or  that  we  would,  againft  the  form  of  law, 
Proceed  thus  rafhly  to  the  villain's  death  -, 
But  that  the  extreme  peril  of  the  cafe, 
The  peace  of  England,  and  our  Perfon's  fafety 
Enforc'd  us  to  this  execution  ? 

Mayor.  Now,  fair  befell  you!  he  deferv'd  his  death  j 
And  your  good  Graces  both  have  well  proceeded. 
To  warn  falfe  traitors  from  the  like  attempts. 
I  never  look'd  for  better  at  his  hands, 
After  he  once  fell  in  with  miftrefs  Shore. 

Buck.  Yet  had  not  we  determin'd  he  fhould  die, 
Until  your  lordlhip  came  to  fee  his  end  ; 
Which  now  the  loving  hafte  of  thefe  our  friends, 
Something  againft  our  meaning,  hath  prevented  ; 
Becaufe,  my  lord,  we  would  have  had  you  heard 
The  traitor  fpeak  ;  and  rim'roufly  confefs 
The  manner  and  the  purpofe  of  his  treafons  :     - 
That  you  might  well  have  fignify'd  the  fame 
Unto  the  Citizens,  who,  haply,  may 
Mifconftrue  us  in  him,  and  wail  his  death. 

Mayor.  But,  my  good  lord,    your  Grace's  word  mail 
As  well  as  I  had  feen  and  heard  him  fpeak  :  [ferve, 

And  do  not  doubt,  right-noble  Princes  both, 
But  I'll  acquaint  our  duteous  citizens, 
With  all  vour  juft  proceedings  in  this  cafe, 

Glo. 


ICtngK icHARD   III.  46 1 

Glo.  And  to  that  end  we  wifh'd  your  lordfhip  here^ 
T'avoid  the  cenfures  of  the  carping  world. 

Buck.  But  fince  you  come  too  lute  of  our  intent, 
Yet  witnefs,  what,  you  hear,  we  did  intend : 
And  lb,  my  good  lord  Mayor,  we  bid  farewel. 

[Exit  Mapr-i 

Glo.  Go  after,  after,  Coufin  Buckingham. 
The  Mayor  towards  Guild- Hall  hies  him  in  all  poft : 
There,  at  your  meetefl  vantage  of  the  time, 
Infertile  baftardy  of  Sdwardtk  children  ; 
Tell  them,  how  Edzuard<put  to  death  a  Citizen, 
Only  for  faying  he  would  make  his  fon 
Heir  to  the  Crown  ;  meaning,  indeed,  his  houfe, 
Which  by  the  fign  thereof  was  termed  fo. 
Moreover,  urge  his  hateful  luxury, 
And  beftial  appetite  in  change  of  luft, 
Which  ftretch'd  unto  their  fervants,  daughters,  wives, 
Ev'n  where  his  ranging  eye,  or  favage  heart, 
Without  controul,  lulled  to  make  a  prey. 
Nay,  for  a  neeti,  thus  far  come  near  my  perfon : 
Tell  them,  when  that  my  Mother  went  with  child 
Of  that  infatiate  Edzcard,  noble  York 
My  Princely  father  then  had  wars  in  France ; 
And  by  juft  computation  of  the  time,    > 
Found  that  the  Ilfue  was  not  his  begot : 
Which  well  appeared  in  his  lineaments, 
Being  nothing  like  the  noble  Duke,  my  father: 
Yet  touch  this  fparingly,  as  'twere  far  off, 
Becaufe,  my  lord,  you  know,  my  mother  lives. 

Buck.  Doubt  not,  my  lord,  I'll  play  the  orator 
As  if  the  golden-  fee,  for  which  I  plead, 
Were  for  myfelf  •,  and  lb,  my  lord,  adieu. 

Glo.  If  you  thrive  well,  bring  them  to  Baymrd's  Caftle, 
Where  you  fhall  find  me  well  accompanied 
With  reverend  fathers  and  well-learned  bifhops. 

Buck.  I  go,  and  towards  three  or  four  o'  clock 
Look  for  the  news  that  the  Guild- Hall  affords. 

[Exit.  Buck. 

Glo.  Go,  Lovely  with  all  fpeed  to  Doctor  Shaw. 
Go  thou  to  Fryar  Pmker  \  bid  them  Both 

Meet 


462  King  R 1  C  R  a  R  d  Hf.  1 

Meet  me  within  this  Hour  at  Baynartfs.Ca&le. 

[Exeunt  Lov.  and  Cztef.  feveratty. 
Now  will  I  go  to  take  feme  privy  order 
To  draw  the  brats  of  Clarence  out  of  fight ; 
And  to  give  order,  that  no  fort  of  perfon 
Have,  any  time,  recourfe  unto  the  Princes.  [Exit. 

Enter  a  Scrivener. 

Scriv.   Here  is  th'  Indictment  of  the  good  lord  Raftings* 
Which  in  a  kt  hand  fairly  is  engrofs'd ; 
That  it  may  be  to  day  read  o'er  in  Pauls. 
And,  mark,  how  well  the  fequel  hangs  together : 
Eleven  hours  I've  fpent  to  write  it  over, 
For  yefternight  by  Catesby  was  it  fent  me  : 
The  precedent  was  full  as  long  a  doing. 
And  yet  within  thefe  five  hours  Haftings  iiv'd         » 
Untainted,  unexamined,  free  at  liberty. 

Here's  a  good  world  the  while  ; who  is  fo  grofs, 

That  cannot  fee  this  palpable  device  ? 

Yet  who  fo  bold,  but  fays,  he  fees  it  not  ? 

Bad  is  the  world  ;  and  all  will  come  to  nought, 

When  fuch  ill  dealings  muft  be  feen  in  thought.        [Exit. 

SCENE  changes  to  Baynard'j  Caftle.  (17) 

Enter  Gloucefter  and  Buckingham,  at  fever al  doors. 

Glo.  TJ  O  W  now,  how  now,  what  fay  the  citizens  ? 

XTl     Buck,  Now  by  the  holy  Mother  of  our  Lord, 
The  citizens  are  mum,  fay  not  a  word. 

Glo.  Touch'd  you  the  baftardy  of  Edward's  children  ? 

Buck.  I  did,  with  his  Contract  with  lady  Lucyy 
And  his  Contract  by  Deputy  in  France  -, 
Th'  unfatiate  greedinefs  of  his  defires, 
And  his  enforcement  of  the  city-wives; 
His  tyranny  for  trifles  ;  his  own  baftardy x 

(17)  Baynards  Caftle.]  A  Houfe,  belonging  to  the  Duke  of  Ghuctjicr, 
in  Tbames-iireet ;  fo  call'd  from.  William  Baynard  Baron  ofDunmoiv,  the 
Builder  of  it 

As 


King  Richard  III.  463 

As  being  got,  your  father  then  in  France, 
And  his  refemblance,  being  not  like  the  Duke. 
Withal,  1  did  infer  your  lineaments, 
Being  the  right  idea  of  your  father, 
Both  in  your  form  and  noblenefs  of  mind  : 
Laid  open  all  your  victories  in  Scotland  ; 
Your  difcipline  in  war,  wifdom  in  peace, 
Your  bounty,  virtue,  fair  humility  : 
Indeed,  left  nothing  fitting  for  the  purpofe 
Untouch'd,  or  flightly  handled  in  difcourfe. 
And  when  my  Oratory  grew  tow'rd  end, 
I  bid  them,  that  did  love  their  Country's  Good, 
Cry,  God  fave  Richard,  England's  royal  King  ! 

Glo.  And  did  they  fo  ? 

Buck.  No,  fo  God  help  me,  they  fpake  not  a  word  ; 
But  like  dumb  ftatues,  or  unbreathing  ftones, 
Star'd  each  on  other,  and  look'd  deadly  pale : 
Which  when  I  law,  I  reprehended  them  ; 
And  ask'd  the  Mayor,  what  meant  this  wilful  filence  ? 
His  Anfwer  was,  the  people  were  not  ufed 
To  be  fpoke  to,  except  by  the  Recorder. 
Then  he  was  urg'd  to  tell  my  Tale  again : 
Thus  faith  the  Duke,  thus  hath  the  Duke  inferr'd, 
But  nothing  fpoke  in  warrant  from  himfelf. 
When  he  had  done,  fome  Followers  of  mine  own, 
At  lower  end  o'th'  Hall,  hurl'd  up  their  caps, 
And  fome  ten  voices  cry'd,  God  fave  King  Richard  f 
And  thus  I  took  the  vantage  of  thofe  few  : 
Thanks,  gentle  citizens  and  friends,  quoth  I, 
This  general  applaufe  and  chearful  fhout 
Argues  your  wifdom,  and  your  love  to  Richard. 
And  even  here  brake  off,  and  came  away. 

Glo.  What  tonguelefs  blocks  were  they,  would  they  not 
fpeak  ? 
Will  not  the  Mayor  then  and  his  brethren  come  ? 

Buck.  The  Mayor  is  here  at  hand  ;    intend  fome  fear  ; 
Be  not  you  fpoke  with,  but  by  mighty  fuit ; 
And  look  you  get  a  prayer-book  in  your  hand, 
And  (land  between  two  Churchmen,  good  my  lord  ; 
For  on  that  ground  I'll  build  a  holy  dtfcant: 

And 


464  King  Richard  III. 

And  be  not  eafily  won  to  our  requefts  : 

Play  the  maid's  part,  ft  ill  anfwer  nay,  and  take  it. 

Glo.  I  go :  and  if  you  plead  as  well  for  them, 
As  I  can  lay  nay  to  thee,  for  myfelf; 
No  doubt,  we'll  bring  it  to  a  happy  ifllie.  [Ex.  Glo. 

Buck.  Go,  go  up  to  the  leads,  the  Lord  Mayor  knocks. 

Enter  Lord  Mayer,  and  Citizens. 

Welcome  my  lord.     I  dance  attendance  here  ; 
I  think,  the  Duke  will  not  be  fpoke  withal. 

Enter  Catefby. 

Buck.  Catesby,  what  fays  your  lord  to  my  requeft  ? 

Gate/.  He  doth  intreat  your  Grace,  my  noble  lord, 
To  vifit  him  to  morrow,  or  next  day  ; 
He  is  within,  with  two  right-reverend  fathers, 
Divinely  bent  to  meditation  ; 
And  in  no  worldy  fuits  would  he  be  mov'd, 
To  draw  him  from  his  holy  exercife. 

Buck.  Return,  good  Catesby,  to  the  gracious  Duke ; 
Tell  him,  myfelf,  the  Mayor  and  Aldermen, 
In  deep  defigns,  in  matter  of  great  moment, 
No  lefs  importing  than  our  gen'ral  Good, 
Are  come  to  have  fome  conf 'rence  with  his  Grace. 

Catef.  I'll  fignirie  fo  much  unto  him  ftrait.  [Exit. 

Buck.  Ah,  ah !  my  lord,  this  Prince  is  not  an  Edward ; 
He  is  not  lolling  on  a  lewd  love-bed, 
But  on  his  knees  at  meditation : 
Not  dallying  with  a  brace  of  Curtezans, 
But  meditating  with  two  deep  Divines : 
Not  fleeping,  to  engrofs  his  idle  body, 
But  praying,  to  enrich  his  watchful  foul. 
Happy  were  England,  would  this  virtuous  Prince- 
Take  on  his  Grace  the  Sov'raignty  thereof ; 
But,  fure,  I  fear,  we  fhall  not  win  him  to  it. 

Mayor.  Marry,    God  fhield,    his  Grace  mould  fay  us 
nay ! 

Buck.  I  fear  he  will  -,  here  Catesby  comes  again. 

Enter 


King  Richard  III.  465 

Enter  Catesby* 

Catesby,  what  fays  his  Grace  ? 

Catef.  He  wonders  to  what  end  you  have  affembled 
Such  troops  of  Citizens  to  come  to  him, 
His  Grace  not  beine;  warn'd  thereof  before  t 
He  fears,  my  lord,  you  mean  no  good  to  him. 

Buck.  Sorry  I  am,  my  noble  Coufin  mould 
Sufpecl:  me,  that  I  mean  no  good  to  him : 
By  heav'n,  we  come  to  him  in  perfect  love* 
And  fo  once  more  return*  and  tell  his  Grace. 

[Exit  Catesby. 
When  holy  and  devout  religious  men 
Are  at  their  beads,  'tis  hard  to  draw  them  thence, 
So  fvveet  is  zealous  Contemplation. 

Enter  Gloucefter  above,  between  two  Bifhops-.     Catefby  re- 
turns. 

Mayor.  See,  where  his  Grace  ftarids  'tween  two  Clef- 
gymen. 

Buck.  Two  props  of  Virtue,  for  a  Chriftian  Prince, 
To  (lay  him  from  the  fall  of  Vanity  : 
And  fee,    a  book  of  prayer  in  his  hand, 
True  ornaments  to  know  a  holy  man. 
Famous  Plantagenet !  mod  gracious  Prince, 
Lend  favourable  ear  to  our  requefts  ; 
And  pardon  us  the  interruption 
Of  thy  devotion  and  right- chriftian  zeal. 

Glo.  My  lord,  there  needs  no  fuch  apology ; 
I  do  befeech  your  Grace  to  pardon  me, 
Who,  earneft  in  the  fervice  of  my  God, 
Deferr'd  the  vifitation  of  my  friends. 
But  leaving  this,  what  is  your  Grace*  s  pleafure  ? 

Buck.  Ev'n  That,  I  hope,  which  pleafeth  God  above, 
And  all  good  men  of  this  ungovern'd  Ifte. 

Glo.  I  do  Sufpecl,  I  have  done  fome  offence, 
That  feems  difgracious  in  the  City*s  eye  ♦, 
And  that  you  come  to  reprehend  my  ignorance. 

Buck.  You  have,  my  lord :  would  it  might  pleafe  your 
Grace, 
On  our  entreaties,  to  amend  your  raulr. 
'Vol,  IV.  Gg  Glo. 


^66  King  Richard  IIL 

Gfa  Elfe  wherefore  breathe  I  in  a  Chriftian  Land? 

Buck.  Know  then,  it  is  your  fault  that  you  refign 
The  fupream  Seat,  the  Throne  majeftical, 
The  fcepter'd  Office  of  your  Anceftors, 
Your  State  of  fortune,  and  your  due  of  Birth, 
The  lineal  Glory  of  your  royal  Houfe, 
To  the  corruption  of  a  blemifh'd  Stock  : 
While  in  the  mildnefs  of  your  fleepy  thoughts, 
Which  here  we  waken  to  our  Country's  Good, 
The  noble  IQe  doth  want  her  proper  limbs : 
Her  face  defac'd  with  fears  of  infamy, 
Her  royal  Stock  graft  with  ignoble  plants, 
And  almoft  (houlder'd  in  the  fwallowing  gulph 
Of  dark  forgetful nefs,  and  deep  oblivion. 
Which  to  re-cure,  we  heartily  follicit 
Your  gracious  felf  to  take  on  vou  the  Charge 
And  kingly  Government  of  this  your  Land. 
Not  as  Protector,  Steward,  Subftitute, 
Or  lovely  Factor  for  another's  gain  ; 
But  as  fucc<: (lively,  from  blood  to  blood, 
Your  Right  of  Birth,  your  Empery,  your  own. 
For  this,  conforted  with  the  Citizens, 
Your  very  worfhipful  and  loving  friends, 
And  by  their  vehement  inftigation, 
In  this  juft  fiiit  come  I  to  move  your  Grace. 

Glo.  I  cannot  tell,  if  to  depart  in  filence, 
Or  bitterly  to  fpeak  in  your  reproof, 
Bed  fitteth  my  degree,  or  your  condition. 
For  not  to  anfwer,  you  might,  haply,  think, 
Tongue-ty'd  Ambition,  not  replying,  yielded 
To  bear  the  golden  yoak  of  Sov'raignty, 
Which  fondly  you  would  here  impofe  on  me. 
If  to  reprove  you  for  this  fuit  of  yours, 
So  ieaibn'd  with  your  faithful  love  to  me, 
Then,  on  the  other  fide,  I  check'd  my  friends. 
Therefore  to  fpeak,  and  to  avoid  the  firft, 
And  then,  in  fpeaking,  not  incur  the  laft, 
Definitively  thus  I  anfwer  you. 
Your  love  deferves  my  thanks ;  but  my  defert, 
UnmcritaWe,  fhuns  your  high  requeft. 

Firft, 


King  RlCHARt)  111.  467 

Firft,  if  all  obftacles  were  cut  away, 

And  that  my  path  were  even  to  the  Crown, 

As  the  ripe  revenue  and  due  of  Birth  -, 

Yet  fo  much  is  my  poverty  of  fpirit, 

So  mighty  and  fo  many  my  defects, 

That  I  would  rather  hide  me  from  my  Greatnefs, 

Being  a  Bark  to  brook  no  mighty  Sea  ; 

Than  in  my  Greatnefs  covet  to  be  hid, 

And  in  the  vapour  of  my  Glory  fmother'd. 

But,   God  be  thank'd,  there  is  no  Need  of  me, 

And  much  I  need  to  help  you,  were  there  Need: 

The  royal  tree  hath  left  us  royal  fruit, 

Which,  mellow'd  by  the  dealing  hours  of  time, 

Will  well  become  the  Seat  of  Majefty  ; 

And  make  us,  doubtlefs,  happy  by  his  Reign. 

On  him  I  lay  what  you  would  lay  on  me, 

The  Right  and  Fortune  of  his  happy  (tars  ; 

Which,  God  defend,  that  I  mould  wring  from  him  ! 

Buck.  My  lord,  this  argues  confcience  in  your  Grace, 
But  the  refpects  thereof  are  nice  and  trivial, 
All  circumftances  well  confidered. 
You  fay,  that  Edward  is  your  brother's  fon  ; 
So  fay  we  too,  but  not  by  Edward's  wife: 
For  firft  was  he  contract  to  lady  Lucy, 
Your  mother  lives  a  witnefs  to  that  Vow  ; 
And  afterward  by  Subftitute  betroth'd 
To  Bona,  lifter  to  the  King  of  France, 
Thefe  both  put  off,  a  poor  Petitioner, 
A  care-craz'd  mother  of  a  many  children, 
A  beauty-waining,  and  diftrefTed  Widow, 
F.v'n  in  the  afternoon  of  her  beft  days, 
Made  prize  and  purchafe  of  his  wanton  eye ; 
Seduc'd  the  pitch  and  height  of  all  his  thoughts 
To  bafe  declenfion  and  loath'd  bigamy. 
By  her,  in  his  unlawful  bed,  he  got 
This  Edward,  whom  our  manners  call  the  Prince, 
More  bitterly  could  I  expoftulate, 
Save  that  for  reverence  of  fome  alive, 
I  give  a  fparing  limit  to  my  tongue. 

Gg  2  Then, 


468         King  Richard  III. 

Then,  good  my  lord,  take  to  your  royal  felf 
This  proffer'd  benefit  of  Dignity  : 
If  not  to  blefs  Us  and  the  Land  withal, 
Yet  to  draw  forth  your  noble  Anceftry 
From  the  corruption  of  abufing  time, 
Unto  a  lineal,  true-derived  courfe. 

Mayor.    Do,    good  my   lord,    your  Citizens  intreat 
you. 

Buck.  Refufe  not,  mighty  lord,  this  proffer'd  love. 

Catef.  O  make  them  joyful,  grant  their  lawful  fuit. 

Glo.  Alas,  why  would  you  heap  thefe  cares  on  me  ? 
I  am  unfit  for  State  and  Majefty. 
I  do  befeech  you,  take  it  not  amifs ; 
I  cannot,  nor  I  will  not  yield  to  you. 

Buck.  If  you  refufe  it,  as  in  love  and  zeal, 
Loth  to  depofe  the  Child,  your  brother's  fon, 
(As  well  we  know  your  tendernefs  of  heart, 
And  gentle,  kind,  effeminate  remorfe, 
Which  we  have  noted  in  you  to  your  kindred. 
And  equally,  indeed,  to  all  eftates) 
Yet  know,  whe'r  you  accept  our  fuit  or  no, 
Your  brother's  fon  fhall  never  reign  our  King ; 
But  we  will  plant  fome  other  in  the  Throne, 
To  the  difgrace  and  downfall  of  your  Houfe : 
And  in  this  refolution  here  we  leave  you. 
Come,  Citizens,  we  will  intreat  no  more.  [Exeunt. 

Catef.  Call  them  again,  fweet  Prince,  accept  their  fuit : 
If  you  deny  them,  all  the  Land  will  rue  it. 

Glo.  Will  you  inforce  me  to  a  world  of  cares  ? 
Call^them  again  ;  I  am  not  made  of  flone,  [Exit  Catesby. 
But  penetrable  to  your  kind  entreaties ; 
Albeit  againft  my  confcience  and  my  foul. 

Re-enter  Buckingham,  and  the  reft. 

Coufin  of  Buckingham^  and  fage,  grave  men, 
Since  you  will  buckle  fortune  on  my  back 
To  bear  her  burthen,  whether  I  will  or  no, 
I  muft  have  patience  to  endure  the  load. 
But  if  black  Scandal,  or  foul-fac'd  Reproach 

Attend 


King  Richard  III.  469 

Attend  the  fequel  of  your  impofition, 
Your  meer  enforcement  mall  acquittance  me 
From  all  the  impure  blots  and  ftains  thereof. 
For  God  doth  know,  and  you:  may  partly  fee, 
How  far  I  am  from  the  defire  of  this. 

Mayor.  God  blefs  your  Grace  !   we  fee  it,    and  will 
fay  it. 

Glo.  In  faying  fo,  you  mail  but  fay  the  truth. 

Buck.  Then  I  falute  you  with  this  royal  Title, 
Long  live  King  Richard,  England's  worthy  King  ! 

All.  Amen. 

Buck.  To  morrow  may  it  pleafe  you  to  be  crown'd  ? 

Glo.  Ev'n  when  you  pleafe,  for  you  will  have  it  fo. 

Buck.  To  morrow  then  we  will  attend  your  Grace, 
And  fo  mod  joyfully  we  take  our  leave. 

Glo.  Come,  let  us  to  our  holy  Work  again. 
Farewel,  my  Coufin ;  farewel,  gentle  friends.      [Exeunt, 


GS  3 


A  C  T 


470  King  Richard   III. 


ACT    IV. 

SCENE,  before  the  Tower. 


Dutcbefs   of  York,    and  Marquefs  of 


Anne,    Dutcbefs  of  Gloucefter, 


Enter   the   Queen, 

Dorfet,  at  one  Boer  •, 

Uaa:ng  Clarence';  young  Dj;:gbtdr,  at  the  other, 

Dutchess. 

HO   meets  us  here?    my  Neice  Plantagenet^ 
Led    in    the   hand    of   her    kind   Aunt  of 

Gkffier?  (18) 
Now,   for    my   life,  Ihe's  wandring   to  -the 
Tcwer, 

On  pure  heart's  love,  to  greet  the  tender  Princes. 
Daughter,  well  met. 

Anne.  God  give  your  Graces  both 
A  happy  and  a  joyful  time  of  day. 

Queen.  Sifter,  well  met  -,  whither  away  fo  fall  ? 

(iS)  Wh*  meets  us  here?  my  Neice  Planta genet, 
Led  in  the  Hand  cf  her  kind  Aunt  of  Glo'fter  r]  Here  is  a  manifeft  Inti- 
mation, that  the  Butchefs  of  GJofier  leads  in  fomebody  in  her  hand ; 
but  there  is  no  Direction,  or  Entrance  mark'd  in  any  of  the  Copies,  from 
which  we  can  learn  who  it  is.  I  have  ventur'd  to  guefs,  it  muft.  be 
Clarence's  young  Daughter.  The  old  Dutchefs  of  York  calls  her  Neice,  i.  e. 
Grand-daughter  ;  as  Grandchildren  arefrequently  calTd  Nephews.  In 
like  manner  the  Latins  us'd  their  Nepos  and  Neptis  :  (as  they  did  likewife 
Neptfts  in  a  greater  Latitude,  to  fignify  Defendants  in  general. 
SfVt  uegh~:un:  Genus,   is'  Nepotes, 

Refpicis  Autor.  Hor.   /.  i.  Ode.  2.) 

So,  in  Othello,  lago   feys    to    Br&bantio,    when    his    Daughter   was 
run  away  with  the  Moor. 

Youlihat-e  your  Daughter  coveted  with  a  Barbary  borfi  ;  you  II  ha<ve  your 
Nephews  weqfi  to  you,  &c, 

2  Anne. 


King  Richard  III.  471 

Anne.  No  farther  than  the  Tower  ;  and,  as  I  guefs, 
Upon  the  like  devotion  as  your  felves, 
To  gratulate  the  gentle  Princes  there. 

Queen.  Kind  lifter,  thanks ;  we'll  enter  all  together. 

Enter  the  Lieutenant. 

And  in  good  time  here  the  Lieutenant  comes. 
Matter  Lieutenant,  pray  you,  by  your  leave, 
How  doth  the  Prince,  and  my  young  Son  of  York  ? 

Lieu.  Right  well,  dear  Madam  •,  by  your  patience, 
I  may  not  fufFer  you  to  vifit  them  ; 
The  King  hath  ftri&ly  charg'd  the  contrary. 

Queen.  The  King  ?  who's  That  ? 

Lieu.  I  mean,  the  Lord  Protector. 

Queen.  The  Lord  protect  him  from  that  kingly  Title  ! 
Hath  he  fet  bounds  between  their  love  and  me  ? 
I  am  their  mother,  who  fhall  bar  me  from  them  ? 

Dutch.  I  am  their  father's  mother,  I  will  fee  them. 

Anne.  Their  Aunt  I  am  in  law,  in  love  their  Mother  : 
Then  bring  me  to  their  fights,  Pll  bear  thy  blame, 
And  take  thy  office  from  thee  on  my  peril. 

Lieu.  No,  Madam,  no,  I  may  not  leave  it  fo : 
Pm  bound  by  oath,  and  therefore  pardon  me.  {Exit  Lieu. 

Enter  Stanley. 

Stan.  Let  me  but  meet  you,  Ladies,  one  hour  hence, 
And  Pll  falute  your  Grace  of  Tor  k  as  mother 
And  rev'rend  looker  on  of  two  fair  Queens. 
Come,  Madam,  you  muft  ftrait  to  l¥ejlminftery 
There  to  be  crowned  Richard's  royal  Queen. 

Queen.  Ah,  cut  my  lace  afunder, 
That  my  pent  heart  may  have  fome  fcope  to  beat, 
Or  elfe  I  fwoon  with  this  dead -killing  news. 

Anne.  Defpightful  tidings,  O  unpleafing  news  ! 

JDor.    Be   of  good   chear :    Mother,    how   fares  your 
Grace ! 

Queen.  O  Dorfet,  fpeak  not  to  me,  get  thee  hence, 
Death  and  deftruction  dog  thee  at  thy  heels, 
Thy  mother's  name  is  ominous  to  children. 
If  thou  wilt  outftrip  death,  go  crofs  the  Seas  j 

Go;  4  And 


^47  %  King  Richard  III.  1 

And  live  with  Richmond,  from  the  reach  of  hell. 
Go,  hye  thee,  hye  thee  from  this  flaughter-houfe, 
Left  thou  increafe  the  number  of  the  dead  -, 
And  make  me  die  the  Thrall  of  Margret's  Curfe  ; 
Nor  mother,  wife,  nor  England's  counted  Queen. 

Stan.  Full  of  wife  care  is  this  your  counfel,  Madam  % 
Take  all  the  fwift  advantage  of  the  time  ; 
You  fhall  have  letters  from  me  to  my  fon 
In  your  behalf,  to  meet  you  on  the  way : 
Be  not  ta'en  tardy  by  unwife  delay. 

Butch.  O  Ill-difperfing  wind  of  mifery  ! 
O  my  accurfed  womb,  the  bed  of  death  ! 
A  cockatrice  haft  thou  hatch'd  to  the  world, 
Whofe  unavoided  eye  is  murtherous. 

Stan.  Come,  Madam,  come,  I  in  all  hafte  was  fent. 

Anne.  And  I  with  all  unwillingnefs  will  go. 
O,  would  to  God,  that  the  inclufive  verge 
Of  golden  metal,  that  muft  round  my  brow, 
Were  red-hot  fteel,  to  fear  me  to  the  brain! 
Anointed  let  me  be  with  deadly  venom, 
And  die,  ere  men  can  fay,  God  fave  the  Queen  ! 

Queen.  Go,  go,  poor  foul,  I  envy  not  thy  glory  ; 
To  feed  my  humour,  wifh  thy  felf  no  harm. 

Anne.  No!    why? When  he,  that  is  my  hufband 

now, 
Came  to  me,  as  I  follow 5d  Henry's  Coarfe  ; 
When  fcarce  the  blood  was  well  wafh'd  from  his  hands, 
Which  iflu'd  from  my  other  angel  hufband, 
And  that  dear  Saint,  which  then  I  weeping  follow'd : 
O  when,  I  fay,  I  look'd  on  Richard's  face, 
This  was  my  with  ;  "  Be  thou,  quoth  I,  accurs'd. 

For  making  me,  fo  young,  fo  old  a  widow  ! 

And  when  thou  wed'ft,  let  forrow  haunt  thy  bed  ; 

And  be  thy  wife,  if  any  be  fo  mad, 

More  miferable  by  the  life  of  thee, 

Than  thou  haft  made  me,  by  my  dear  lord's  death  !5> 
Lee,  ere  I  can  repeat  this  Curfe  again, 
Within  fo  fmall  a  time,  my  woman's  heart 
Groisjy  grew  captive  to  his  honey  words, 
And  prov'd  the  fubjecl  of  mine  own  four's  Curfe  : 

Which 


King  Richard  III.  473 

Which  ever  fince  hath  held  mine  eyes  from  Reft. 

For  never  yet  one  hour  in  his  bed 

Did  I  enjoy  the  golden  dew  of  deep, 

But  with  his  tim'rous  dreams  was  (till  awak'd. 

Befides,  he  hates  me  for  my  father  Warwick  \ 

And  wili,  no  doubt,  fhortly  be  rid  of  me. 

Queen.  Poor  heart,  adieu,  I  pity  thy  complaining. 

Anne.  No  more  than  with  my  foul  I  mourn  for  yours. 

Dor.  Farewel,  thou  woful  welcomer  of  Glory  ! 

Anne.  Adieu,  poor  foul,  that  tak'ft  thy  leave  of  it  ! 

Dutch.  Go  thou  to  Richmond  ^  and  good  fortune  guide 
thee  !  [To  Dorfet, 

Go  thou  to  Richard,  and  good  Angels  tend  thee  ! 

[To  Anne. 
Go  thou  to  Sanctuary,  good  thoughts  poiTefs  thee  ! 

[To  the  Queen, 
I  to  my  Grave,  where  Peace  and  Reft  lye  with  me  ! 
Eighty  odd  years  of  forrow  have  I  feen,  (19) 
And  each  hour's  Joy  wrack'd  with  a  week  of  Teen. 

Queen.  Stay  1  yet  look  back,  with  me,  unto  xhzTowtr. 
Pity,  you  ancient  ftones,  thofe  tender  Babes, 
Whom  envy  hath  immur'd  within  your  walls ! 
Rough  Cradle  for  fuch  little  pretty  ones ! 
Rude  ragged  nurfe  !  old  fullen  play- fellow, 
For  tender  Princes ;  ufe  my  Babies  well ! 
So  foolifh  forrow  bids  your  ftones  farewel.  [Exeunt. 

(19)  Eighty  odd  Tears  of  Sorrow  I  have  feent 
And  each  hour's  joy  wreck' d  with  a  Week  of  Anguifh.]     This,  Angui/h,  is 
a  Word  of  Mr.  Pope's  Adoption ;  for  all  the  Copies,  that  I  have  leen, 
read 

■■■"-  wrecked  with  a  Week  of  Teen. 

The  Poet  certainly  intended,  that  the  old  Dutchefs  fhoald  conclude  with 
a  Rhyme  ;  and  Teen  is  a  Term  which  he  chufes  to  ufe  elfe where.  .So, 
in  his  Tempeji. 

•         O,  my  Heart  bleeds 

To  think  ottf  Teen  that  I  have  tur?id  you  fo3 

Which  is  from  my  Remembrance. 
And  in  numberlefs  other  Paifages, 


SCENE 


474       King  Richard  III. 

SCENE  changes  to  the  Court. 

Flourifh  of  trumpets.      Enter  Gloucefter  as  King,   Buck- 
ingham, Catefby. 

K.  Rich.  QTAND  all  apart — Coufin  of  Buckingham, — 
v3     Buck.  My  gracious  Soveraign  ! 

K.Rkb.  Give  me  thy  hand.  Thus  high,  by  thy  ad - 
And  thy  afliftance,  is  King  Richard  feated :  [vice, 

■"  "'"'■I  we  wear  theft  Glories  for  a  day  ? 
Or  fhall  they  laft,  and  we  rejoice  in  them  ? 

Buck.  Still'  live  they,  and  for  ever  let  them  laft ! 

K.  Rick  Ah,  Buckingham,  now  do  I  play  the  touch, 
To  try  if  thou  be  currant  gold,  indeed  :  (20) 
Young  Edward  lives think  now,  what  I  would  fpeak. 

Buck.  Say  on,  my  loving  lord. 

K.  Rich.  Why,  Buckingham,  I  fay,  I  would  be  King. 

Buck.  Why  fo  you  are,  my  thrice-renowned  Liege. 

K.  Rich.   Ha  !    am  I  King  ?   ''tis  fcn -but  Edward 

lives 

Buck.  True,  noble  Prince. 

K.  Rich.  O  bitter  confequence  ! 

That  Edward  dill  mould  live true  noble  Prince. 

Coufin,  thou  wert  not  wont  to  be  fo  dull. 
Shall  I  be  plain  ?  I  wifh  the  baltards  dead ; 
And  I  would  have  it  fuddenly  perform'd. 
What  fay'ft  thou  now  ?  fpeak  fuddenly,  be  brief. 

Buck.  Your  Grace  may  do  your  pleafure. 

K.  Rich.    Tut,   tut,   thou  art   all  ice,  thy  kindnefs 
freezes  \ 
Say,  have  I  thy  confent  that  they  (hall  die  ? 

(20)  Ah  \  Buckingham,  now  do  I  play  the  Touch.]  Mr.  Warburton 
thinks,  the  technical  Term  is  abfolutely  reqmTite  here,  and  that  the 
Poet  wrote ; 

,  Now  do  1  'ply  the  Touch. 

\.  e.  apply  the  Touch/tone :  for  that  is  meant  by  what  he  calls  Touch.    So, 
again,  in  Timon  of  Athens,  fpeaking  of  Gold,  he  fays , 

f\  thou  Touch  of  Hearts ! 
i.  e.  thou  Trial,  Touchftone. 

Buck. 


King  Richard  III.         47  j 

Buck.  Give  me  fome  breath,  fome  little  paufe,  dear 
Before  I  pofkively  fpeak  in  this  :  [lord, 

I  will  refolve  your  Grace  immediately.  [Exit  Buck. 

Catef.  The  King  is  angry  ;  fee,  he  gnaws  his  lip. 

K.  Rich.  I  will  converfe  with  iron-witted  fools, 
And  unrefpective  boys  ;  none  are  for  me, 
That  look  into  me  with  confid'rate  eyes. 
High-reaching  Buckingham  grows  circumfpect. 
Boy,  Vr- 

Page.  My  lord. 

K.  Rich.  Know'ft  thou  not  any,  whom  corrupting  gold 
Would  tempt  unto  a  clofe  exploit  of  death  ? 

Page.  I  know  a  difcontented  Gentleman, 
Whofe  humble  means  match  not  his  haughty  fpirit : 
Gold  were  as  good  as  twenty  orators, 
And  will,  no  doubt,  tempt  him  to  any  thing. 

K.  Rich.  What  is  his  name  ? 

Page.  His  name,  my  lord,  is  Tirrel. 

K.  Rich.  I  partly  know  the  man  •,  go  call  him  hither. 

[Exit  Boy. 
The  deep-revolving  witty  Buckingham 
No  more  mail  be  the  neighbour  to  my  counfels. 
Hath  he  fo  long  held  out  with  me  untir'd, 
And  flops  he  now  for  breath  ?  well,  be  it  fo-. 

Enter  Stanley. 

flow  now,  lord  Stanley,  what's  the  news  ? 

Stan.  My  lord, 
The  Marquifs  Dorfet,  as  I  hear,  is  fled 
To  Richmond,  in  the  Parts  where  he  abides, 

K.  Rich.  Come  hither,  Catesby  ;  rumour  if  abroad, 
That  Anne  my  wife  is  fick,  and  like  to  die. 
I  will  take  order  for  her  keeping  clofe. 
Inquire  me  out  fome  mean-born  gentleman, 

Whom  I  will  marry  flrait  to  Clarence*  daughter. 

(The  Boy  is  foolifh,  and  I  fear  not  him.) 

Look,  how  thou  dream'ft 1  fay  again,  give  out, 

That  Anne  my  Queen  is  fick,  and  like  to  die. 

About  it  j  for  it  flands  me  much  upon 

To  flop  all  hopes,  whofe  growth  may  damage  me. 


476  King  Richard  IIL  ! 

I  muft  be  married  to  my  Brother's  Daughter, 
Or  elfe  my  Kingdom  ftands  on  brittle  glafs : 
Murther  her  brothers,  and  then  marry  her! 
Uncertain  way  of  gain  !  but  I  am  in 
So  far  in  blood,  that  fin  will  pluck  on  fin. 
Tear-falling  pity  dwells  not  in  this  eye. 

Enter-  Tirrel. 
Is  thy  name  Tirrel  ? 

Tir.  James  Tirrel,  and  your  moft  obedient  Subject. 

K.  Rich.  Art  thou,  indeed?  [He  lakes  him  aftde. 

Tir.  Prove  me,  my  gracious  lord. 

K.  Rick  Dar'ft  thou  refolve  to  kill  a  friend  of  mine  ? 

Tir.  Pleafe  you,  Pd  rather  kill  two  enemies. 

K.  Rich,  Why,  then  thou  haft  it  *,  two  deep  enemies, 
Foes  to  my  Reft,  and  my  fweet  fleep's  difturbers, 
Are  they,  that  I  would  have  thee  deal  upon  \ 
Tirrel,  I  mean  thofe  baftards  in  the  Tower. 

Tir.  Let  me  have  open  means  to  come  to  them, 
And  foon  Pll  rid  you  from  the  fear  of  them. 

K.  Rich.    Thou   fing'ft  fweet  mufick.     Hark,  come 
hither,  Tirrel  ; 

Go,  by  this  token rife,  and  lend  thine  ear 

[JVhifpers. 

There  is  no  more  but  fo fay,  it  is  done, 

And  I  will  love  thee  and  prefer  thee  for  it. 

Tir.  I  will  dilpatch  it  ftrait.  \ExiL 

Re-enter  Buckingham. 

Buck.  My  lord,  I  have  confider'd  in  my  mind 
That  late  Demand,  that  you  did  found  me  in. 

K.  Rich.  Well,  let  That  reft ;  Dorfet  is  fled  to  Rich- 
mond. 
Buck.  I  hear  the  news,  my  lord. 
K.  Rich.  Stanley,  he  is  your  wife's  fon  •,    well,  look 

to  it. 
Buck.  My  lord,  I  claim  the  gift,  my  due  by  promife, 
For  which  your  honour,  and  your  faith,  is  pawn'd  s 
Th'  Earldom  of  Hereford,  and  the  moveables, 
Which  you  have  promifed  I  fhall  poffefs. 

K.  Rich. 


King  Richard  HI.         477 

K.  Rich.  Stanley,  look  to  your  wife  •,  if  (he  convey 
Letters  to  Richmond,  you  (hall  anfwer  it. 

Buck,  What  fays  your  Highnefs  to  my  juft  requeft  ? 

K.  Rich.  I  do  remember  me Henry  the  Sixth 

Did  prophefie,  that  Richmond  mould  be  King, 
When  Richmond  was  a  little  peevifh  boy. 
A  King,  perhaps 

Buck.  My  lord,— — 

K.  Rich.  How  chance,  the  Prophet  could  not  at  that 
time 
Have  told  me,  I  being  by,  that  I  fhould  kill  him  ? 

Buck.  My  lord,  your  promife  for  the  Earldom-—— 

K.  Rich.  Richmond  ?  when  I  was  lafl  at  Exeter  y 
The  Mayor  in  curtefie  fhewed  me  the  cattle, 
And  calPd  it  Rouge-mont,  at  which  name  I  flarted  ; 
Becaufe  a  Bard  of  Ireland  told  me  once, 
I  mould  not  live  long  after  I  faw  Richmond. 

Buck.  My  lord, 

K.  Rich.  Ay,  what's  o'  clock  ? 

Buck.  I  am  thus  bold  to  put  your  Grace  in  mind 
Of  what  you  promis'd  me. 

K.  Rich.  But  what's  o'  clock  ? 

Buck.  Upon  the  flroke  of  ten. 

K.  Rich.  Well,  let  it  ftrike. 

Buck.  Why  let  it  ftrike  ? 

K.  Rich.  Becaufe,  that,  like  a  Jack,  thou  keep'ft  the 
Betwixt  thy  begging  and  my  meditation.  [ftroke 

I  am  not  in  the  giving  vein  to  day. 

Buck.  Why  then  relblve  rne  whe'r  you  will,  or  no. 

K.  Rich.  Thou  troubled  me,  I  am  not  in  the  vein.  [Exit. 
.  Buck.  Is  it  ev'n  fo  ?   repays  he  my  deep  fervice 
With  fuch  contempt  ?  made  I  him  King  for  this  ? 
O,  let  me  think  on  Haftings  and  be  gone 
To  Brecnock,  while  my  fearful  head  is  on.  [Exit* 

Enter  Tirrel. 

'Tir.  The  tyrannous  and  bloody  act  is  done  > 
The  mod  arch  Deed  of  piteous  maffacre, 
That  ever  yet  this  Land  was  guilty  of! 
Digbton  and  For  reft,  whom  I  did  fuborn 

To 


47  8         RUg  R  i  c  k  a  r  d  .111. 

To  do  this  piece  of  ruthlefs  butchery, 
Albeit  they  were  flefht  villains,  bloody  doo-s, 
Melting  with  tendernefs  and  mild  companion, 
Wept  like  two  children,  in  their  deaths'  fad  ftory; 
O  thus,  (quoth  Dightcn,)  lay  the  gentle  babes  ;- 


Thus,  thus,  (quoth  Forreft^)  girdling  one  another 

Within  their  innocent  alabafter  arms  : 

Their  lips  were  four  red  rofes  on  a  ftalk, 

And  in  their  fummer  beauty  kifs'd  each  other. 

A  book  of  prayers  on  their  pillow  lay, 

Which  once,  (quoth  Forreft^)  almoft  chang'd  my  mind  i 

But,  oh !  the  Devil there  the  villain  ftopt : 

When  Dighton  thus  told  on we  fmothered 

The  moft  replenifhed  fweet  work  of  Nature, 
That  from  the  prime  Creation  e'er  fhe  framed.' 
Hence  both  are  gone  with  confeience  and  remorfe  * 
They  could  not  fpeak,  and  fo  I  left  them  both, 
To  bear  thefe  tidings  to  the  bloody  King. 

Enter  King  Richard. 

And  here  he  comes.     All  health,  my  fbvereign  Lord  ! 

K.  Rich.  Kind  Tirrel- am  I  happy  in  thy  news? 

Tir.  If  to  have  done  the  thing  you  gave  in  Charge 
Beget  your  happinefs,  be  happy  then  > 
For  it  is  done. 

K.  Rich.  But  didft  thou  fee  them  dead  ? 

Tir.  I  did,  my  lord. 

K.  Rich.  And  burred,  gentle  Ttrrel? 

"Tir.  The  Chaplain  of  the  Tower  hath  buried  them, 
But  where,  to  fay  the  truth,  I  do  not  know. 

K.  Rich.  Come  to  me,  Ttrrel^  foon,  foon  after  fupper, 
When  thou  fhalt  tell  the  procefs  of  their  death. 

Mean  time but  think,  how  I  may  do  thee  good, 

And  be  inheritor  of  thy  defire. 
Farewel,  till  then. 

Tir.  I  humbly  take  my  leave,  [Exit* 

K.  Rich.  The  fon  of  Clarence  have  I  pent  up  clofe  : 
His  daughter  meanly  have  I  match'd  in  marriage  : 
The  Sons  of  Edward  fleep  in  Abraha?n9s  bofom  : 
And  Anne  my  wife  hath  bid  this  world  good  nighf, 

New, 


King  Richard  III.  479 

Now,  for  I  know  the  Briton  Richmond  aims 
At  young  Elizabeth^  my  brother's  daughter; 
And  by  that  knot  looks  proudly  on  the  Crown  ; 
To  her  go  I,  a  jolly  thriving  wooer. 

Enter  Catesby. 

Catef  My  lord, 

K.  Rich.  Good  or  bad  news,  that  thou  com'fl:  in  fo 
bluntly  ? 

Catef.  Bad  news,  my  lord  ;  Morton  is  fled  to  Richmond \ 
And  Buckingham,  back'd  with  the  hardly  Welfhmen^ 
Is  in  the  field,  and  ftill  his  Power  encreafeth. 

K.  Rich.  Ely  with  Richmond  troubles  me  more  near, 
Than  Buckingham  and  his  ralh-levied  army. 
Come,  I  have  learn'd,  that  fearful  commenting 
Is  leaden  fervitor  to  dull  delay  ; 
Delay  leads  impotent  and  fnail-pac'd  beggary. 
Then  fiery  Expedition  be  my  wing, 
Jove's  Mercury,  and  herald  for  a  King. 
Go  mufter  men  ;  my  Council  is  my  Shield, 
We  muft  be  brief,  when  traitors  brave  the  field.      [Exit. 

Enter  Queen  Margaret. 

Q^Mar.  So  now  Profperity  begins  to  mellow, 
And  drop  into  the  rotten  mouth  of  death  : 
Here  in  thefe  Confines  flily  have  I  Jurk'd 
To  watch  the  waining  of  mine  enemies. 
A  dire  induction  am  I  witnefs  to  ; 
And  will  to  France,  hoping,  the  confequence 
Will  prove  as  bitter,  black  and  tragical. 
Withdraw  thee,  wretched  Marg'ret !  who  comes  here  ? 

Enter  the  Butch efs  of 'York,  and  Queen. 

Queen.  Ah,  my  poor  Princes !  ah,  my  tender  babes ! 
My  unblown  flowers,  new-appearing  fweets ! 
If  yet  your  gentle  fouls  fly  in  the  air, 
And  be  not  fixt  in  doom  perpetual, 
Hover  about  me  with  your  airy  wings, 
And  hear  your  mother's  lamentation, 

Q^Mar, 


480  King  Richard  III. 

fx         Q^Mar.  Hover  about  her ;  fay,  that  Right  for  Right 
Hath  dimm'd  your  infant  morn  to  aged  night. 

Dutch.  So  many  miferies  have  craz'd  my  voice, 
That  my  woe- wearied  tongue  is  ftill  and  mute. 
Edward  Plantagenet,  why  art  thou  dead  ? 

Q^Mar.  Plantagenet  doth  quit  Plant  agenet^ 
Edward  for  Edward  pays  a  dying  debt. 

Queen.  Wilt  thou,  O  God,  fly  from  fuch  gentle  lambs, 
And  throw  them  in  the  intrails  of  the  wolf? 
^"  *"When  did'ft  thou  fleep,  when  fuch  a  deed  was  done  ? 
Q^Mar.   When  holy  Henry  dy'd,  and  my  fweet  fon. 
Dutch.  Dead  life,  blind  fight,  poor  mortal  living  ghoft, 
Woe's  fcene,  world's  fhame,  grave's  due,  by  life  ufurp'd, 
Brief  abftract  and  record  of  tedious  days, 
Reft  thy  unreft  on  England's  lawful  earth, 
Unlawfully  made  drunk  with  innocent  blood. 

Queen.  Ah,  that  thou  would' ft  as  foon  afford  a  Grave, 
As  thou  canft  yield  a  melancholy  feat  *, 
Then  would  I  hide  my  bones,  not  reft  them  here. 
Ah,  who  hath  any  caufe  to  mourn  but  we? 

Q^Mar.  If  ancient  forrow  be  moil  reverent, 
Give  mine  the  benefit  of  Signiory  ; 
And  let  my  griefs  frown  on  the  upper  hand. 
If  forrow  can  admit  fociety, 
Tell  o'er  your  woes  again  by  viewing  mine; 
I  had  an  Edward,  till  a  Richard  kill'd  him  : 
I  had  a  husband,  till  a  RichardkWVd  him. 
Thou  had5 ft  an  Edward,  till  a  Richard  kill'd  him  : 
Thou  had'ft  a  Richard,  till  a  Richard  kill'd  him. 

Dutch.  I  had  a  Richard  too,  and  thou  did'ft  kill  him : 
I  had  a  Rutland  too,  thou  holp'ft  to  kill  him. 

Q^  Mar,  Thou   had'ft  a  Clarence   too,    and   Richard 
kill'd  him. 
From  rofth  the  kennel  of  thy  womb  hath  crept 
A  hell-hound,  that  doth  hunt  us  all  to  death  * 
That  dQg,  that  had  his  teeth  before  his  eyes, 
To  worry  lambs  and  lap  their  gentle  blood  ; 
That  foul  defacer  of  God's  handy-work 
Thy  womb  let  loofe,  to  chafe  us  to  our  Graves* 
O  upright,  jult,  and  true-difpofing  God, 
How  do  I  thank  thee,  that  this  carnal  cur 

Preys 


King  Richard  III.  481' 

Preys  on  the  iflue  of  his  mother's  body  ; 
And  makes  her  Pue-fellow  with  others  Moan  ! 

Dutch.  Oh,  Harry's  wife,  triumph  not  in  my  woes: 
God  witnefs  with  me,  I  have  wept  for  thine. 

Q^Mar.  Bear  with  me:  I  am  hungry  for  Revenge, 
And  now  I  cloy  me  with  beholding  it. 
Thy  Edward  he  is  dead,  that  kill'd  my  Edward: 
Thy  other  Edward  dead>  to  quit  my  Edward : 
Young  York  he  is  but  boot,  becaufe  Both  they 
Match  not  the  high  perfection  of  my  lofs. 
Thy  Clarence  he  is  dead,  that  ftab'd  my  Edward  \ 
And  the  beholders  of  this  tragic  Play, 

Th'  adulterate  Raftings,  Rivers,  Vaughan,  Gray,  fyj 

Untimely  fmother'd  in  their  dufky  Graves. 
Richard  yet  lives,  Hell's  black  intelligencer, 
Only  referv'd  their  factor  to  buy  fouls, 
And  fend  them  thither :  but  at  hand,  at  hand, 
Infues  his  piteous  and  unpitied  end. 
Earth  gapes,    hell  burns,    fiends  roar,    faints  pray  for 

vengeance. 
Cancel  his  bond  of  life,  dear  God,  I  pray, 
That  I  may  live  to  fay,  the  dog  is  dead  ! 

9$ueen.     Oh  !    thou  did'ft  prophefie,  the  time  would 
That  I  mould  wifti  for  thee  to  help  me  curfe  [come* 

That  bottell'd  fpider,  that  foul  bunch-back' d  toad. 

Q^  Mar.  I  call'd  thee  then  vain  rlourifh  of  my  fortune, 
I  call'd  thee  then  poor  fhadow,  painted  Queen, 
The  prefentation  of  but  what  I  was ; 
The  flatt'ring  index  of  a  direful  Pageant  •, 
One  heav'd  on  high,  to  be  hurl'd  down  below : 
A  mother  only  mock'd  with  two  fair  babes  ; 
A  dream  of  what  thou  waft ;  a  gariih  flag, 
To  be  the  aim  of  ev'ry  dang'rous  Shot; 
A  fign  of  dignity,  a  breath,  a  bubble  ; 
A  Queen  in  jeft,  only  to  fill  the  fcene. 
Where  is  thy  husband  now  ?  where  be  thy  brothers  ? 
Where  be  thy  children  ?  wherein  doft  thou  joy  ? 
Who  fues  and  kneels,  and  fays,  God  fave  the  Queen  ? 
Where  be  the  bending  Peers,  that  flatter'd  thee  ? 
Where  be  the  thronging  troops,  that  follow'd  thee? 

Vol.  IV.  H  h  Decline 


48 1  King  Richard  III. 

Decline  all  this,  and  fee  what  now  thou  art. 
For  happy  wife,  a  moft  diftreflfed  widow  ; 
For  joyful  mother,  one  that  wails  the  name ; 
For  one  being  fu'd  to,  one  that  humbly  fues  ; 
For  Queen,  a  very  caitiff  crown'd  with  care  ; 
For  one  that  fcorn'd  at  me,  now  fcorn'd  of  me  ; 
For  one  being  fear'd  of  all,  now  fearing  one  -9 
For  one  commanding  all,  obey'd  of  none. 
Thus  hath  the  courfe  of  juftice  wheel'd  about, 
And  left  thee  but  a  very  Prey  to  Time ; 
Having  no  more  but  thought  of  what  thou  wert, 
To  torture  thee  the  more,  being  what  thou  art. 
Thou  did'ft  ufurp  my  Place,  and  doft  thou  not 
Ufurp  the  juft  proportion  of  my  forrow  ? 
Now  thy  proud  neck  bears  half  my  burden'd  yoak  ; 
From  which,  ev'n  he^e  I  flip  my  wearied  head, 
And  leave  the  burthen  of  it  all  on  thee. 
Farewel,  Tork9s  wife,  and  Queen  of  fad  mifchance, 
Thefe  Englijh  woes  mail  make  me  fmile  in  France. 

Queen.  O  thou  well-skill'd  in  Curfes,  ftay  a  while, 
And  teach  me  how  to  curfe  mine  enemies. 

Q^  Mar.  Forbear  to  fleep  the  night,  and  faft  the  day  : 
Compare  dead  happinefs  with  living  woe  ; 
Think,  that  thy  babes  were  fweeter  than  they  were, 
And  he,  that  flew  them,  fouler  than  he  is  : 
Bett'ring  thy  lofs  makes  the  bad  caufer  worfe, 
Revolving  this,  will  teach  thee  how  to  curfe. 

Queen.  My  words  are  dull,  O  !  quicken  them  with  thine. 

Q^  Mar.  Thy  woes  will  make  them  fharp,  and  pierce 
like  mine.  [Exit  Margaret. 

Butch.  Why  fhould  calamity  be  full  of  words  ? 

Queen.  Windy  attorneys  to  your  client's  woes, 
Airy  fucceeders  of  inteftate  joys,  (21) 

(21)  Airy  Succeeders  of  interline  joys,']  Thus  the  Generality  of  the 
Editions,  from  the  oldeft  Folio  Impreflion.  But  I  cannot  underftand  this 
Reading.  I  have  adopted  another  from  the  Quarto  in  1597,  which,  I 
think,  mufl  be  the  true  one  : 

Airy  Succcedcrs  of  inteftate  joys, 
i.  e.  Words,  tun'd  to  Complaints,  fucceed  Joys  that  are  dead ;  arid  un* 
bequeathed  to  them,  to  whom  they  Ihould  properly  defccnd. 

fair,  fi-  Po°r 


King  Richard  HI.         -  483 

Poor  breathing  orators  of  miferies ! 

Let  them  have  fcope,  tho  what  they  do  impart 

Help  nothing  elfe,  yet  they  do  eafe  the  heart. 

Dutch.  If  fo,  then  be  not  tongue- ty'd ;  go  with  me, 
And  in  the  breath  of  bitter  words  let's  fmother 
My  damned  fon,  that  thy  two  fweet  fons  fmother'd. 

\Drumy  within* 
I  hear  his  Drum,  be  copious  in  Exclaims. 

Enter  King  Richard,  and  his  'Train-. 

K.  Rich.  Who  intercepts  me  in  my  expedition  ? 
Dutch.  O,  me,  that  might  have  intercepted  thee 
By  ftrangling  thee  in  her  accurfed  womb, 
From  all  the  {laughters,  wretch,  that  thou  haft  done. 

Queen.  Hid'ft  thou  that  forehead  with  a  golden  Crown* 
Where  mould  be  branded,  if  that  Right  were  Right, 
The  (laughter  of  the  Prince  that  ow'd  that  Crown, 
And  the  dire  death  of  my  poor  fons  and  brothers? 
Tell  me,  thou  villain- flave,  where  are  my  children  ? 

Dutch.  Thou  toad,  thou  toad,    where  is  thy  brother 
Clarence  ? 
And  little  Ned  Plantagenet,  his  fon  ? 

Queen.  Where  is  kind  Haftings,  Rivers,  Vdughdn,  Gray? 

K.  Rich.  A  flourifh,  trumpets  !  ftrike  alarum,  drums ! 
Let  not  the  heavens  hear  thefe  tell-tale  women 
Rail  on  the  Lord's  anointed.     Strike,  I  fay. 

[Flour  iM.    "Alan 
Either  be  patient,  and  intreat  me  fair, 
Or  with  the  clamorous  report  of  war 
Thus  will  I  drown  your  exclamations. 

Dutch.  Art  thou  my  fon? 

K.  Rich.  Ay,  I  thank  God,  my  father,  and  your  felf, 

Dutch.  Then  patiently  hear  my  impatience. 

K.  Rich.  Madam,  I  have  a  touch  of  your  condition, 
That  cannot  brook  the  accent  of  reproof. 

Dutch.  I  will  be  mild,  and  gentle  in  my  words. 

K.  Rich.  And  brief,  good  Mother,  for  I  am  in  hafte, 

Dutch.  Art  thou  fo  hafty  ?  I  have  ftaid  for  thee, 
God  knows,  in  anguilh,  pain  and  agony. 

K.  Rich.  And  cr.me  I  not  at  Lift  to  comfort  you  ? 

Hh  2  Dutch. 


484        King  Richard  III. 

Dutch.  No,  by  the  holy  rood,  thou  know'ft  it  well, 
Thou  cam5 ft  on  earth  to  make  the  earth  my  hell. 
A  grievous  burthen  was  thy  birth  to  me, 
Tetchy  and  wayward  was  thy  infancy  •, 
Thy  ichool-days  frightful,  defp'rate,  wild  and  furious ; 
Thy  prime  of  manhood,  daring,  bold  and  venturous: 
Thy  age  confirm'd,  proud,  fubtle,  fly  and  bloody. 
What  comfortable  hour  canft  thou  name, 
That  ever  grac'd  me  in  thy  company  ? 

K.  Rtcb.  Faith,  none  but  Humphry  Hcure,  that  call'd 
your  Grace 
To  breakfaft  once,  forth  of  my  company. 
If  I  be  fo  difgracious  in  your  fight, 
Let  me  march  on,  and  not  offend  your  Grace. 
Strike  up  the  Drum. 

Dutch.  I  pry'thee,  hear  me  fpeak. 
K.  Rich.  You  fpeak  too  bitterly. 
Dutch.  Hear  me  a  word  : 
For  I  (hall  never  fpeak  to  thee  again. 

K.  Rich.  So, 

Dutch.  Either  thou'lt  die  by  God's  juft  ordinance, 
Ere  from  this  war  thou  turn  a  conqueror  ; 
Or  I  with  grief  and  extream  age  fhall  perifli, 
And  never  look  upon  thy  face  again. 
Therefore  take  with  thee  my  moil  heavy  Curfe ; 
Which,  in  the  day  of  battel,  tire  thee  more, 
Than  all  the  compleat  armour  that  thou  wear'ft  ! 
My  prayers  on  the  adverfe  party  fight, 
And  there  the  little  fouls  of  Edward's  children 
Whifper  the  Spirits  of  thine  enemies, 
And  promife  them  fuccefs  and  victory  ! 
Bloody  thou  art,  bloody  will  be  thy  end  : 
Shame  ferves  thy  life,  and  doth  thy  death  attend.     [Exit. 
Queen.  Tho  far  more  caufe,  yet  much  lefs  fpiric  to  curfe 
Abides  in  me,  I  fay  Amen  to  her.  [Going. 

K.  Rick.  Stay,  Madam,  I  muft  fpeak  a  word  with  you. 
Queen.  I  have  no  more  Sons  of  the  royal  blood 
For  thee  to  flaughter  •,  for  my  daughters,  Richard, 
They  Qiall  be  praying  Nuns,  not  v/eeping  Queens ; 
And  therefore  level  not  to  hit  their  lives. 

K.  Rich. 


King  Richard  III.  485 

K.  Rich.  You  have  a  daughter  call'd  Elizabeth^ 
Virtuous  and  fair,  royal  and  gracious. 

Queen.  And  muft  fhe  die  for  this  ?  O  let  her  live, 
And  I'll  corrupt  her  manners,  (lain  her  beauty, 
Slander  my  felf  as  falfe  to  Edward's  bed, 
Throw  over  her  the  veil  of  infamy  : 
So  (he  may  live  unfcarr'd  from  bleeding  (laughter, 
I  will  confefs,  fhe  was  not  Edivard's  daughter. 

K.  Rich.  Wrong  not  her  birth,  fhe  is  of  royal  blood. 

Queen.  To  fave  her  life,  I'll  fay,  fhe  is  not  fo. 

K.  Rich.  Her  life  is  fafeft  only  in  her  birth. 

Queen.  And  only  in  that  fafety  dy'd  her  brothers. 

K.  Rich.  No,  at  their  births  good  ftars  were  oppofite. 

Queen.  No,  to  their  lives  bad  friends  were  contrary. 

K.  Rich.  All  unavoided  is  the  doom  of  deftiny. 

Queen.  True  •,  when  avoided  grace  makes  deftiny. 
My  babes  were  deftin'd  to  a  fairer  death, 
If  grace  had  bleft  thee  with  a  fairer  life. 

K.  Rich.  You  fpeak,  as  if  that  I  had  (lain  my  coufins  ? 

Queen.  Coufins,  indeed  \  and  by  their  Uncle  couzen'd 
"Of  Comfort,  Kingdom,  Kindred,  Freedom,  Life : 
Whofe  hands  foever  lanc'd  their  tender  hearts, 
Thy  head,  all  indirectly,  gave  direction. 
No  doubt,  the  murd'rous  knife  was  dull  and  blunt, 
Till  it  was  whetted  on  thy  (tone-hard  heart, 
To  revel  in  the  intrails  of  my  lambs. 
But  that  dill  ufe  of  grief  makes  wild  grief  tame, 
My  tongue  mould  to  thy  ears  not  name  my  boys, 
Till  that  my  nails  were  anchor'd  in  thine  eyes  •> 
And  I  in  fuch  a  defp'rate  bay  of  death, 
Like  a  poor  bark,  of  fails  and  tackling  reft, 
Rufh  all  to  pieces  on  thy  rocky  bofom. 

K.  Rich.  Madam,  fo  thrive  I  in  my  enterprize, 
And  dangerous  fuccefs  of  bloody  wars-, 
As  I  intend  more  good  to  you  and  yours, 
Than  ever  you  or  yours  by  me  were  harm'd  1 

Queen.  What  good  is  cover'd  with  the  face  of  heav'n, 
To  be  difcover'd,   that  can  do  me  good  ? 

K.  Rich.    Th'   advancement  of  your  children,    gentle 
lady. 

Hh's  •  Queen. 


48^  King  Richard    III. 

Queen.  Up  to  fome  fcaffold,  there  to  lofe  their  heads, 

K.  Rich.  No,  to  the  dignity  and  height  of  fortune, 
The  high  imperial  type  of  this  earth's  glory. 

Queen.  Flatter  my  forrows  with  report  of  it  ; 
Tell  me,  what  ftate,  what  dignity,  what  honour, 
Canft  thou  demife  to  any  child  of  mine  ? 

K.  Rich.  Ev'n  all  I  have  ;  ay,  and  my  felf  and  all, 
Will  I  witha]  endow  a  child  of  thine  : 
So  in  the  Lethe  of  thy  angry  foul 
Thou  drown  the  fad  remembrance  of  thofe  wrongs ; 
Which,  thou  fuppofeft,  I  have  done  to  thee. 

Queen.  Be  brief,  left  that  the  procefs  of  thy  kindnefs 
J_,aft  longer  telling  than  thy  kindnefs  do. 

K.  Rich.  Then  know,  that  from  my  foul  I  love  thy 
daughter. 

Queen.  My  daughter's  mother  thinks  it  with  her  foul. 

K.  Rich.  What  do  you  think  ? 

Queen.  That  thou  doft  love  my  daughter,    from  thy 
foul. 
So,  from  thy  foul's  love,  didft  thou  love  her  brothers  •, 
And  from  my  heart's  love  I  do  thank  thee  for  it. 

K.  Rich.  Be  not  fo  hafty  to  confound  my  meaning  ; 
I  mean,  that  with  my  foul  I  love  thy  daughter, 
And  do  intend  to  make  her  Queen  of  England. 

Queen.   Say  then,    who  doft  thou  mean  fhall  be  her 
King  ? 

K.  Rich.  Ev'n  he  that  makes  her  Queen,    who  elfe 
fhould  be  ? 

Queen.  What,  thou! 

K.  Rich.  Even  fo  ;  how  think  you  of  it  ? 

Queen.  How  canft  thou  woo  her  ? 

K.  Rich.  I  would  learn  of  you, 
As  one  being  beft  acquainted  with  her  humour. 

Queen.  And  wilt  thou  learn  of  me? 

K.  Rich.  With  all  my  heart. 

Queen.  Send  to  her,  by  the  man  that  flew  her  Jbro- 
thers, 
A  pair  of  bleeding  hearts  ;  thereon  engrave 
Edward  and  York  \  then,  haply,  will  me  weep  : 
Therefore  prefent  to  her,  as  fometime  Margnet 

Did 


King  Richard  III.  487 

Did  to  thy  father  fteept  in  Rutland's  blood, 

A  handkerchief,  which,  fay  to  her,  did  drain 

The  purple  tide  from  her  fweet  brothers  bodies, 

And  bid  her  wipe  her  weeping  eyes  therewith. 

If  this  inducement  move  her  not  to  love, 

Send  her  a  letter  of  thy  noble  deeds  ; 

Tell  her,  thou  mad'ft  away  her  uncle  Clarence, 

Her  uncle  Rivers  •,  ay,  and  for  her  fake, 

Mad'ft  quick  conveyance  with  her  good  aunt  Anne. 

K.  Rich.  You  mock  me,  Madam  ;  this  is  not  the  way 
To  win  your  daughter. 

Queen.  There's  no  other  way, 
Unlefs  thou  could'ft  put  on  fome  other  fhape, 
And  not  be  Richard  that  hath  done  all  this. 

K.  Rich.  Say,  that  I  did  all  this  for  love  of  her.    * 

Queen.  Nay  then,  indeed,  fhe  cannot  chufe  but  hate 
thee ; 
Having  bought  love  with  fuch  a  bloody  fpoil. 

K.  Rich.  Look,  what  is  done,  cannot  be  now  amended  y 
Men  mail  deal  unadvifedly  fometimes, 
Which  after-hours  give  leifure  to  repent  of. 
If  I  did  take  the  Kingdom  from  your  fons, 
To  make  amends,  I'll  give  it  to  your  daughter  : 
If  I  have  kill'd  the  iffue  of  your  womb, 
To  quicken  your  encreafe  I  will  beget 
Mine  ifTue  of  your  blood,  upon  your  daughter  : 
A  grandam's  name  is  little  lefs  in  love, 
Than  is  the  doting  title  of  a  mother  ; 
They  are  as  children  but  one  ft ep  below, 
Even  of  your  metal,  of  your  very  blood  : 
Of  all  one  pain,  fave  for  a  night  of  groans 
Endur'd  of  her,  for  whom  you  bid  like  forrow. 
Your  children  were  vexation  to  your  youth, 
But  mine  fhall  be  a  comfort  to  your  age. 
The  lofs  you  have,  is  but  a  fon  being  King  ; 
And  by  that  lofs  your  daughter  is  made  Queen. 
I  cannot  make  you  what  amends  I  would, 
Therefore  accept  fuch  kindnefs  as  I  can. 
Dorfet,  your  fon,  that  with  a  fearful  foul 
Leads  difcontentecl  fteps  in  foreign  foil, 

Hh  4  This 


488  King^iCKA&D  HI.  1 

This  fair  alliance  quickly  fhall  call  home 

To  high  promotions,  and  great  dignity. 

The  King,  that  calls  your  beauteous  daughter  wife* 

Familiarly  fhall  call  thy  Dorfet  brother  : 

Again  fhall  you  be  mother  to  a  King  -, 

And  all  the  ruins  of  diflrefsful  times, 

Repaired  with  double  riches  of  content. 

What !  we  have  many  goodly  days  to  fee. 

The  liquid  drops  of  tears,  that  you  have  fhed,  (22) 

Shall  come  again,  transformed  to  orient  pearl  -9 

Advantaging  their  loan  with  intereft 

Of  ten  times  double  gain  of  happinels. 

Go  then,  my  mother,  to  thy  daughter  go  ; 

Make  bold  her  bafhful  years  with  your  experience  5 

Prepare  her  ears  to  hear  a  wooer's  tale ; 

Put  in  her  tender  heart  th'  afpiring  flame 

Of  golden  Sov'reignty ;  acquaint  the  Princefs 

"With  the  fweet  filent  hours  of  marriage-joys. 

And  when  this  arm  of  mine  hath  chaftifed 

The  petty  rebel,  dull-brain'd  Buckingham, 

Bound  with  triumphant  garlands  will  I  come, 

And  lead  thy  daughter  to  a  Conqueror's  bed ; 

To  whom  I  will  retail  my  Conquer!  won, 

And  fhe  fhall  be  fole  viclrefs,  Cafar's  Ccefar. 

Queen.  What  were  I  bed  to  fty,  her  father's  brother 
Would  be  her  lord  ?  or  fhall  I  fay,  her  uncle  ? 
Or  he  that  flew  her  brothers,  and  her  uncles  ? 
Under  what  title  fhall  I  woo  for  thee, 

(22)   The  liquid  Drops  of  Tears,  that  you  have  fhed, 
Shall  come  again,  transform  d  to,  orient  Pearly 
Advantaging  their  Love  tvitb  Inter  ef, 

Oftentimes  double  Gain  of  Happinefs .]  The  great  Improvement  to  the 
Senfe,  which  my  eafy  Emendation  makes  here,  will,  I  flatter  my  felf, 
convince  every  judicious  Reader,  of  its  being  the  genuine  Reading. 
Love  and  Lone  (which  was  the  obfolete  Manner  of  fpelling  Loan ;)  are 
made  out  of  one  another,  only  by  a  Letter  turn'd  upfide  down.  Often- 
times is  a  ilupid  Concretion  of  three  Words,  from  the  Indolence  of  the 
Editors,  which  ltrangely  flattens  the  Sentence.  My  Emendation  gives 
this  apt  and  eafy  Senie.  The  Tears,  that  you' have  lent  to  your  Ajfiittions, 
fhall  be  turrid  into  Gems  ;  and  requite  you,  by  tvay  of  Interelt,  nvith  Happi- 
nefs twenty  times  as  great  as  your  Sorrows  have  been. 

That 


King  Richard  III.  489 

That  God,  the  law,  my  honour,  and  her  love, 
Can  make  feem  pleafing  to  her  tender  years  ? 
K.  Rich.  Infer  fair  England's  peace  by  this  alliance. 
Queen.  Which  fhe  fhall  purchafe  with  flill-lafling  war. 
K.  Rich.    Tell  her,    the  King,    that  may  command, 

intreats 

Queen.    That  at  her   hands,    which  the  King's  King 

forbids. 
K.  Rich.  Say,  fhe  fhall  be  a  high  and  mighty  Queen — 
Queen.  To  wail  the  title,  as  her  mother  doth. 
K.  Rich.  Say,  I  will  love  her  everlaflingly. 
Queen.  But  how  long  fhall  that  title,  ever,  lafl  ? 
K.  Rich.    Sweetly  in  force,  unto  her  fair  life's  end. 
Queen.  But  how  long,  fairly,  fhall  her  fweet  life  lafl:  ? 
K.  Rich.  As  long  as  heav'n  and  nature  lengthen  it. 
Queen.  As  long  as  hell  and  Richard  like  of  it. 
K.  Rich.  Say,  I,  her  Sov'raign,  am  her  Subject  now. 
Queen.  But  fhe,  your  Subject,  loaths  fuch  Sov'reignty, 
K.  Rich.  Be  eloquent  in  my  behalf  to  her. 
Queen.  An  honefl  tale  fpeeds  beft,  being  plainly  told. 
K.  Rich.  Then,  in  plain  terms  tell  her  my  loving  tale. 
Queen.  Plain  and  not  honefl,  is  too  harfh  a  flile. 
K.  Rich.  Your  reafons  are  too  fhallow,  and  too  quick. 
Queen.  O  no,  my  reafons  are  too  deep  and  dead  ; 
Two  deep  ard  dead  poor  infants  in  their  Grave  ; 
Harp  on  it  flill  fhall  I,  till  heart-firings  break. 

K.  Rich.  Harp  not  on  that  firing,  Madam  •,  that  is  pad. 

Now  by  my  George,  my  Garter,  and  my  Crown 

Queen.  Profan'd,  difhonour'd,  and  the  third  ufurp'd. 
K.  Rich.  I  fwear. 

Queen.  By  nothing,  for  this  is  no  oath : 
The  George,  profan'd,  hath  loft  his  holy  honour ; 
The  Garter,  blemifh'd,  pawn'd  his  knightly  virtue  ; 
The  Crown,  ufurp'd,  difgrac'd  his  kingly  glory. 
If  fomething  thou  would'il  fwear  to  be  believ'd, 
Swear  then  by  fomething,  that  thou  hail  not  wrong'd. 
K.  Rich.  Now  by  the  world— 
Queen.  'Tis  full  of  thy  foul  wrongs. 

K.  Rich.  My  father's  death • 

Queen.  Thy  life  hath  that  difhonoui'd. 

K.  Rich. 


4po        King  Richard  III. 

K.  Rich.  Then  by  my  felf. 
Queen.  Thy  felf  thy  felf  mifufeft. 
K.  Rich.  Why  then,  by  heav'n 


Queen.  Heav'ns  wrong  is  moil  of  all : 
If  thou  didft  fear  to  break  an  oath  with  heav'n, 
The  unity  the  King  my  husband  made 
Thou  hadfl  not  broken,  nor  my  brothers  dy'd. 
If  thou  hadft  fear'd  to  break  an  oath  with  heav'n, 
Th'  imperial  metal,  circling  now  thy  head, 
Had  grac'd  the  tender  temples  of  my  child  ; 
And  both  the  Princes  had  been  breathing  here  ; 
Which  now,  two  tender  bed-fellows  for  duft, 
Thy  broken  faith  hath  made  a  prey  to  worms. 
What  canft  thou  fwear  by  now  ? 

K.  Rich.  By  time  to  come. 

Queen.  That  thou  haft  wronged  in  the  time  o'erpaft  : 
For  I  my  felf  have  many  tears  to  warn 
Hereafter  time,  for  time  pad,  wrong'd  by  thee. 
The  children  live,  whofe  fathers  thou  haft  flaughter'd, 
Ungovern'd  youth,  to  wail  it  in  their  age. 
The  parents  live,  whofe  children  thou  haft  butcher'd, 
Old  wither'd  plants,  to  wail  it  in  their  age. 
Swear  not  by  time  to  come,  for  that  thou  haft 
Mifus'd  ere  us'd,  by  times  ill-us'd  o'er  paft. 

K.  Rich.  As  I  intend  to  profper  and  repent, 
So  thrive  I  in  my. dangerous  attempt 
Of  hoftile  arms !  my  felf,  my  felf  confound  ; 
Heaven  and  fortune  bar  me  happy  hours  ; 
Day  yield  me  not  thy  light,  nor  night  thy  reft  -9 
Be  oppofite  all  planets  of  good  luck 
To  my  proceeding  •,  if  v/ith  pure  heart's  love, 
Immaculate  devotion,  holy  thoughts, 
I  tender  not  thy  beauteous  Princely  Daughter ! 
In  her  confifts  my  happinefs,  and  thine  ; 
Without  her,  follows  to  my  Mf  and  thee, 
Her  klf^  the  Land,  and  many  a  chriftian  foul, 
Death,  defolation,  ruin,  and  decay. 
It  cannot  be  avoided,  but  by  this  ; 
It  will  not  be  avoided,   but  by  this. 
Therefore,  dear  mother,  (I  muft  call  you  fo,) 

2  B= 


King  Richard  III.         49 1 

Be  the  attorney  of  my  love  to  her  ; 
Plead  what  I  will  be,  not  what  I  have  been  ; 
Not  my  deferts,  but  what  I  will  deferve  : 
Urge  the  necefilty  and  ftate  of  times  ; 
And  be  not  peevifri  found  in  great  defigns. 

Queen.  Shall  I  be  tempted  of  the  Devil  thus  ? 

K.  Rich.  Ay,  if  the  Devil  tempt  you  to  do  good. 

Queen.  Shall  I  forget  my  felf  to  be  my  felf? 

K.  Rich.  Ay,  if  your  felPs  remembrance  wrong  your 
felf. 

Queen.  But  thou  didft  kill  my  children. 

K.  Rich.  But  in  your  daughter's  womb  I  bury  them  ; 
Where,  in  that  neft  of  fpicery,  they  fhall  breed 
Selves  of  themfelves,  to  your  recomforture. 

Queen.  Shall  I  go  win  my  daughter  to  thy  will  ? 

K.  Rich.  And  be  a  happy  mother  by  the  deed. 

Queen.  I  go,  write  to  me  fhortly. 

K.  Rich.  Bear  her  my  true  love's  kifs,  and  fo  farewel — 

[Exit  Queen. 
Relenting  fool,  and  (hallow,  changing,  woman  ! 

Enter  Ratcliff. 

Rat,  Mofl  mighty  Soveraign,  on  the  weflern  coafl 
Rideth  a  puiffant  Navy  :  to  our  fhores 
Throng  many  doubtful  hollow-hearted  friends, 
Unarm'd,  and  unrefolv'd  to  beat  them  back. 
'Tis  thought,  that  Richmond  is  their  Admiral : 
And  there  they  hull,  expecting  but  the  aid 
Of  Buckingham,  to  welcome  them  afhore. 

K.  Rich.  Some  light-foot  friend  pofl  to  the  Duke  of 
Ratcliff,  thy  felf,  or  Catesby  ;  where  is  he  ?  [Norfolk, 

Catef.  Here,   my  good  lord. 

K.  Rich.  Catesby,  fly  to  the  Duke. 

Catef.  I  will,  my  lord,  with  all  convenient  hade. 

K.  Rich.  Ratcliff,  come  hither,  pofl  to  Salisbury  ; 

When  thou  com'fl  thither dull  unmindful  villain, 

[To  Catef. 
Why  flay ? ft  thou  here,  and  go'fr  not  to  the  Duke  ? 

Catef.  Firfl,   mighty  Liege,    tell   me  your  Highnefs' 
What  from  your  Grace  I  (hall  deliver  to  him.      [pleafure, 

K.  R. 


492  King  Richard  III. 

K.  Rich.  O  true,  good  Catesby, — bid  him  levy  flraic 
The  greateft  ftrength  and  power  he  can  make, 
And  meet  me  fuddenly  at  Salisbury. 

Catef.  I  go.  [Exit\ 

Rat.  What,  may  it  pleafe  you,  (hall  I  do  at  Salisbury  ? 

K.  Rich.  Why,    what  would'ft  thou  do  there,  before 
I  go? 

Rpt.  Your  Highnefs  told  me,  I  mould  pod  before. 

K.  Rich.  My  mind  is  chang'd 

Enter  Lcrd  Stanley. 

Stanley,  what  news  with  you  ? 

c:a?u  None  good,  my  Liege,  to  pleafe  you  with  the 
hearing  •, 
Nor  none  lb  bad,  but  well  may  be  reported. 

K.  Rich.  Heyday,  a  riddle  !  neither  good  nor  bad  : 
Why  dofh  thou  run  fo  many  miles  about, 
When  thou  may 'ft  tell  thy  tale  the  nearer!  way  ? 
Once  more,  what  news  ? 

Stan.  Richmond  is  on  the  feas. 

K.  Rich.  There  let  him  fink,  and  be  the  feas  on  him  ! 
While-liver'd  Runagate,  what  doth  he  there  ? 

Stan.  I  know  not,  mighty  Sov'raign,  but  by  guefs. 

K.  Rich.  Well,  as  you  guefs. 

Stan.  Stirr'd  up  by  Dorfit%   B:?:<:/:gbj?n,  and  Morion^ 
He  makes  for  England^  here  to  claim  the  Crown. 

K.  Rich,  [s  the  Chair  empty  ?  is  the  Sword  unfway'd  ? 
Is  the  King  dead?   the  Empire  unpoflefs'd  ? 
What  Heir  of  Tork  is  there  alive,  but  We? 
And  who  is  England's  King,  but  great  Tories  heir  ? 
Then  tell  me,  what  makes  he  upon  the  lea  ? 

Stan.  Unlefs  for  that,  my  Liege,  I  cannot  guefs. 

K.  Rico.  Unlefs  for  that  he  comes  to  be  your  Liege, 
You  cannot  guefs  wherefore  the  Wcljk-man  comes. 
Thou  wilt  revrolt,  and  fly  to  him,  I  fear. 

m.  Xo,  mightv  Liege,  therefore  miftruft  me  nor. 

K.  Rich.   Wnere  is  thy  Power  then  to  beat  him  back  ? 
Where  are  thy  Tenancs,  and  thy  Followers? 
Are  they  not  now  upon  the  weilern  more, 

.-conducting  the  Rebels  from  their  Blips  r 


ICmg  Richard  III.         493 

Stan.  No,  my  good  lord,  my  friends  are  in  the  North. 

K.  Rich.  Cold  friends  to  me :    what  do  they  in  the 
North, 
When  they  mould  ferve  their  Sov'raign  in  the  Weft  ? 

Stan.  They  have  not  been  commanded,  mighty  King  y 
Pleafe  it  your  Majefty  to  give  me  leave, 
I'll  mufter  up  my  friends,  and  meet  your  Grace, 
Where,  and  what  time  your  Majefty  (hall  pleafe. 

K.  Rich.  Ay,  thou  would'ft  fain  be  gone,  to  join  with 
Richmond : 
But  I'll  not  truft  thee. 

Stan.  Mighty  Soveraign, 
You  have  no  caufe  to  hold  my  friendfhip  doubtful ; 
I  never  was,  nor  never  will  be  falfe. 

K.  Rich.  Go  then,  and  mufter  men  ;  but  leave  behind 
Your  fon  George  Stanley  :  look,  your  heart  be  firm  ; 
Or  elfe  his  head's  affurance  is  but  frail. 

Stan.  So  deal  with  him,  as  I  prove  true  to  you  ! 

[Exit  Stanley. 

Enter  a  Mejfenger, 

Mef.  My  gracious  Sov'raign,  now  in  Devon/hire, 
As  I  by  friends  am  well  advertifed, 
Sir  Edmond  Courtney  and  the  haughty  Prelate, 
Bifhop  of  Exeter  his  elder  brother, 
With  many  more  confed'rates,  are  in  arms. 

Enter  another  Mejfenger. 

Mef.  In  Kent,  my  Liege,  the  Guildfords  are  in  arms, 
And  every  hour  more  competitors 
Flock  to  the  Rebels,  and  their  Power  grows  ftrong. 

Enter  another  Mejfenger. 

Mef.  My  lord,  the  army  of  the  Duke  of  Buckingham — • 
K.  Rich.    Out  on  ye,    owls !    nothing   but   Songs    of 
death  ?  [He  ft r ikes  him. 

There,  take  thou  That,  till  thou  bring  better  news. 

Mef.  The  news  I  have  to  tell  your  Majefty, 
Is,  that,  by  fudden  floods  and  fall  of  waters, 
Buckingham's  army  is  difpers'd  and  fcatter'd  \ 

And 


494         &ng  Richard  IIL 

And  he  himfelf  wander'd  away  alone, 
No  man  knows  whither. 

K.  Rich,  Oh !  I  cry  thee  mercy ; 
There  is  my  purfe,  to  cure  that  blow  of  thine. 
Hath  any  well-advifed  friend  proclaim'd 
Reward  to  him  that  brings  the  traitor  in  ? 

Mef.  Such  Proclamation  hath  been  made,  my  Lieoe, 

Enter  another  Mejfenger. 

Mef.  Sir  Thomas  Lovely  and  lord  Marquifs  Dorfet^ 
*Tis  laid,  my  Liege,  in  York/hire  are  in  arms  •, 
But  this  good  comfort  bring  I  to  your  Highnefs, 
The  Bretagne  Navy  is  difpers'd,  by  tempeft. 
Richmond  in  Dorfetjhire  fent  out  a  boat 
Unto  the  more,  to  ask  thofe  on  the  banks, 
If  they  were  his  aftiftants,  yea,  or  no  ; 
"Who  anfwer'd  him,  they  came  from  Buckingham 
Upon  his  Party  ;  he,  miftrufting  them, 
Hois'd  fail,  and  made  his  courfe  again  for  Bretagne. 

K.Rich.   March  on,    march  on,  fince  we  are  up  in 
arms ; 
If  not  to  fight  with  foreign  enemies, 
Yet  to  beat  down  thefe  Rebels  here  at  home. 

Enter  Catesby. 

Catef.  My  Liege,  the  Duke  of  Buckingham  is  taken, 
That  is  the  beft  news  ;  that  the  Earl  of  Richmond 
Is  with  a  mighty  Pow'r  landed  at  Milford, 
Is  colder  news,  but  yet  it  muft  be  told. 

K.  Rich.    Away   tow'rds  Salisbury  ;    while  we  reafon 
here, 
A  royal  battel  might  be  won  and  loft : 
Some  one  take  order,  Buckingha?n  be  brought 
To  Salisbury  ;  tiiC  reft  march  on  with  me,  [Exeunt* 


SCENE 


King  Richard  III.  495^ 

SCENE  changes  to  the  Lord  Stanley'*  Houfe. 

Enter  Lord  Stanley,  and  Sir  Chriftopher  Urfwick. 

Stan.  O I R  Chriftopher,  tell  Richmond  this  from  me  -,  (23) 

^  That  in  the  Sty  of  this  mod  bloody  Boar, 
My  fon  George  Stanley  is  frankt  up  in  Hold  : 
If  I  revolt,  off  goes  young  George's  head  *, 
The  fear  of  That  holds  off  my  prefent  aid. 
So,  get  thee  gone  ;  commend  me  to  thy  lord. 
Say  too,  the  Queen  hath  heartily  conferred 
He  mould  efpoufe  Elizabeth  her  daughter. 
But  tell  me,  where  is  Princely  Richmond  now  ? 

Chri.  At  Pembroke,  or  at  Hertford-weft,  in  Wales. 

Stan.  What  men  of  name  refort  to  him  ? 

Chri.  Sir  Walter  Herbert,  a  renowned  foldier, 
Sir  Gilbert  Talbot,  and  Sir  William  Stanley, 
Oxford,  redoubted  Pembroke,  Sir  James  Blunts 
And  Rice  ap  tfhomas,  with  a  valiant  crew, 
And  many  other  of  great  name  and  worth : 
And  towards  London  do  they  bend  their  Power, 
If  by  the  way  they  be  not  fought  withal. 

Stan.  Well,  hie  thee  to  thy  lord :  I  kifs  his  hand, 
My  letter  will  refolve  him  of  my  mind. 
Farewell.  [Exeunt, 

(23)  Sir  Chriftopher,  tell  Richmond  this  from  me  ;]  The  Perfon,  who 
is  call'd  Sir  Chriftopher  here,  and  who  has  been  ftyl'd  fo  in  the  Dramatis 
Perfonts  of  all  the  Impreflions,  I  find  by  the  Chronicles  to  have  been 
Chriftopher  Urfivick,  a  Eatchellor  in  Divinity,  and  Chaplain  to  the 
Countefs  of  Richmond,  who  had  intermarried  with  the  Lord  Stanley, 
This  Prieft,  the  Hiftory  tells  us,  frequently  went  backwards  and  for- 
wards, unfufpetted,  on  Meffages  betwixt  the  Countefs  of  Richmond,  and 
her  Husband,  and  the  young  Earl  of  Richmond,  whilft  he  was  preparing 
to  make  his  Defcent  on  England, 


c  T 


496  King  Richard  IIL 


A  C  T    V*  \ 

SCENE,  Salisbury, 

Enter  the  Sheriff,  and  Buckingham,  with  halberds,  led  to 

Execution. 


£22] 
f'SJJ- 


Buckingham. 

ILL  not  King  Richard  let  me  fpeak  with 
him  ? 
Sber.   No,    good   my    lord,   therefore  be 

patient. 
Buck.    Haftings,    and    Edward9 %    children, 
Gray  and  Rivers, 
Holy  King  Henry,  and  thy  fair  fon  Edward, 
Vaugban,  and  all  that  have  mifcarried 
By  under-hand,  corrupted,  foul  injuftice ! 
If  that  your  moody,  difcontented  fouls, 
Do  through  the  clouds  behold  this  prefent  hour, 
Ev'n  for  Revenge  mock  my  Deftruclion. 
This  is  All-Souls  day,  fellows,  is  it  not  ? 
Sber.  It  is,  my  lord. 

Buck.  Why  then  All-Souls  day  is  my  body's  Doomfday. 
This  is  the  day,  which  in  King  Edward's  time 
I  wimt  might  fall  on  me,  when  I  was  found 
Falfe  to  his  children,  or  his  wife's  allies. 
This  is  the  day,  wherein  I  wifht  to  fall 
By  the  falfe  faith  of  him  whom  moft  I  trufted : 
This,  this  All  Souls  day  to  my  fearful  Soul 
Is  the  determin'd4refpite  of  my  wrongs. 
That  high  All-feer,  which  I  dallied  with, 
Hath  turn'd  my  feigned  prayer  on  my  head, 
And  giv'n  in  earneft,  what  I  begg'd  in  jeft. 

Thus 


King  Richard  III.  497 

Thus  doth  he  force  the  fwords  of  wicked  men 

To  turn  their  own  points  on  their  mailers'  bofoms. 

Thus  Marg'ret's  Curfe  falls  heavy  on  my  head  : 

When  he,  quoth  me,  mail  fplit  thy  heart  with  forrow, 

Remember,  Margret  was  a  Prophetefs. 

Come,  Sirs,  convey  me  to  the  block  of  fhame  ; 

Wrong  hath  but  wrong,  and  blame  the  due  of  blame. 

[Exeunt  Buckingham,   Sheriff  and  Officers. 

SCENE,  on  the  Borders  of  Leicefter  Shire.    A 

Camp. 

Enter  Richmond,  Oxford,   Blunt,  Herbert,    and  others^ 
with  Drum  and  Colours, 

2£zV&w.T7^Ellows  in  arms,  and  my  moft  loving  friends, 

JJ    Bruis'd  underneath  the  yoak  of  tyranny, 
Thus  far  into  the  bowels  of  the  Land 
Have  we  march' d  on  without  impediment ; 
And  here  receive  we  from  our  father  Stanley 
Lines  of  fair  comfort  and  encouragement. 
The  wretched,  bloody  and  ufurping  Boar, 
(That  fpoil'd  your  fummer-fields,  and  fruitful  vines,) 
Swills  your  warm  blood  like  wafh,  and  makes  his  trough 
In  your  embowell'd  bofoms  ;  this  foul  fwine 
Lyes  now  e'en  in  the  centre  of  this  Ifle, 
Near  to  the  town  of  Leicefter ,  as  we  learn  : 
From  Tamworth  thither  is  but  one  day's  March. 
In  God's  name  cheerly  on,  couragious  friends, 
To  reap  the  harveft  of  perpetual  peace, 
By  this  one  bloody  tryal  of  fharp  war. 

Oxf.  Ev'ry  man's  confcience  is  a  thoufand  fwords, 
To  fight  againft  that  bloody  homicide. 

Herb.  I  doubt  not,  but  his  friends  will  fly  to  us. 

Blunt.  He  hath  no  friends,  but  who  are  friends  for 
fear,  * 

Which  in  his  deareft  Need  will  fly  from  him. 

Vol.  IV.  Ii  Rich. 


4$>8  King  Richard  III. 

Rich.   All  for  our  vantage ;    then,   in  God's  name, 
march  *, 
True  hope  is  fwift,  and  flies  with  Swallow's  wings  5 
Kings  it  makes  Gods,  and  meaner  creatures  Kings. 

[Exeunt, 

SCENE  changes  to  Bofworth  Field. 

Enter,  King  Richard  in  arms,  with  Norfolk,  Surrey,  Rat- 
cliff,  Catefby,  and  others. 

K.Rich.  TTERE  pitch  our  Tents,  even  here  in  Bof- 

JL  X.         worth  field. 
My  lord  of  Surrey,  why  look  you  fo  fad  ? 

Surr.  My  heart  is  ten  times  lighter  than,  my  looks. 

K.  Rich.  My  lord  of  Norfolk, 

Nor.  Here,  moil  gracious  Liege. 

K.  Rich.  Norfolk,  we  muft  have  knocks  :    ha,  muft 
we  not  ? 

Nor.  We  muft  both  give  and  take,  my  gracious  lord. 

M.  Rich.  Up  with  my  tent,  here  will  I  lye  to  night  5 

But  where  to  morrow  ? well,  all's  one  for  that. 

Who  hath  defcry'd  the  number  of  the  traitors  ? 

Nor,  Six,  or  fev'n,  thoufand  is  their  utmoft  Power. 

K.Rich.  Why,  our  Battalion  trebles  .that  account : 
Belides,  the  King's  name  is  a  tower  of  ftrength, 
Which  they  upon  the  adverfe  faction  want. 
Up  with  the  tent :  come,  noble  gentlemen, 
Let  us  furvey  the  vantage  of  the  ground. 
Call  for  fome  men  of  found  direction  : 
Let's  want  no  difcipline,  make  no  delay  j 
For,  lords,  to  morrow  is  a  bufie  day.  [Exeunt. 


SCENE 


King  Richard  III.  499 

SCENE   changes  to  another  Part  of  Bofworth 

field. 

Enter  Richmond,   Sir  William  Brandon,    Oxford,    and 

Dorfet. 

RichmJ  1  ^HE  weary  Sun  hath  made  a  golden  Set, 
JL    And,  by  the  bright  tract  of  his  fiery  car, 
Gives  fignal  of  a  goodly  day  to  morrow. 
Sir  William  Brandon^  you  fhall  bear  my  ftandard : 
The  Earl  of  Pembroke  keep  his  regiment ; 
Good  captain  Blunt^  bear  my  good  night  to  him  ; 
And  by  the  fecond  hour  in  the  morning 
Defire  the  Earl  to  fee  me  in  my  tent. 
Yet  one  thing  more,  good  Blunt^  before  thou  goefl:  \ 
"Where  is  lord  Stanley  quarter'd,  doft  thou  know  ? 

Blunt.  Unlefs  I  have  mifta'en  his  Colours  much, 
(Which,  well  I  am  affur'd,  I  have  not  done) 
His  regiment  lyes  half  a  mile  at  leaft 
South  from  the  mighty  Power  of  the  King. 

Richm.  If  without  peril  it  be  poflible, 
Sweet  Blunt^  make  fome  good  means  to  fpeak  with  him, 
And  give  him  from  me  this  mod  needful  Note. 

Blunt.  Upon  my  life,  my  lord,  I'll  undertake  it. 

Richm.  Give  me  fome  ink  and  paper ;  in  my  tent 
I'll  draw  the  form  and  model  of  our  battel, 
Limit  each  leader  to  his  feveral  charge, 
And  part  in  juft  proportion  our  fmall  ftrength. 
Let  us  confult  upon  to  morrow's  bufinefs  *, 
In  to  our  tent,  the  air  is  raw  and  cold. 

[They  withdraw  into  the  tent, 

SCENE  changes  back  to  King  Richards  7W. 

Enter  King  Richard,  Ratcliff,  Norfolk,  and  Catesby. 

K.  Rich.  TJLJ  HAT  is't  o'  clock  ? 

V  V       Catef.  It's  fuppcr  time,  my  lord  ; 
It's  nine  a  clock. 

II  2  K.Ricb. 


500        King  Richard  III. 

K.  Rich.  I  will  not  fup  to  night. 
Give  me  fome  Ink  and  Paper. 
What,  is  my  beaver  eafier  than  it  was  ? 
And  all  my  armour  laid  into  my  tent  ? 

Catef.  It  is,  my  Liege,  and  all  things  are  in  readinels. 

X.  Rich.  Good  Norfolk,  hie  thee  to  thy  charge, 
Ufe  careful  watch,  chule  trufty  centinels. 

Nor.  I  go,  my  lord. 

K.  Rich.  Stir  with  the  lark  to  morrow,  gentle  Norfolk. 

Nor.  I  warrant  you,  my  lord.  [Exit.   - 

K.  Rich.  Catesby, 

Catef.  My  lord. 

K.  Rich.  Send  out  a  purfuivant  at  arms 
To  Stanley's  regiment  ♦,  bid  him  bring  his  Power 
Before  Sun-rifing,  left  his  fon  George  fall 
Into  the  blind  Cave  of  eternal  Night. 
Fill  me  a  bowl  of  wine give  me  a  watch 


[To  Ratcliff. 
Saddle  white  Surrey  for  the  field  to  morrow : 
Look,  that  my  ftaves  be  found,  and  not  too  heavy. 
Ratcliff 

Rat.  My  lord  ? 

K.  Rich.    Saw'ft  thou  the  melancholy  lord  Northum- 
berland ? 

Rat.  Thomas  the  Earl  of  Surrey^  and  himfelf, 
Much  about  cock-fhut  time,  from  troop  to  troop 
Went  through  the  army,  cheering  up  the  foldiers. 

K.  Rich.  I  am  fatisfy'd  ;  give  me  a  bowl  of  wine. 
I  have  not  that  alacrity  of  fpirit, 

Nor  cheer  of  mind,  that  I  was  wont  to  have 

There,  fet  it  down.     Is  ink  and  paper  ready  ? 

Rat.  It  is,  my  lord. 

K.  Rich.  Bid  my  Guard  watch,  and  leave  me. 
About  the  mid  of  night  come  to  my  tent, 
And  help  to  arm  me.     Leave  me  now,  I  fay. 

[Exit  Ratcliff. 


SCENE 


King  Richard  III.  501 

SCENE  changes  back  to  Richmond'*  Tent. 

Enter  Stanley  to  Richmond  ;  Lords,  &c. 

Stan.YjyOnune  and  Victory  fit  on  thy  helm ! 

Jj      Richm.  All  comfort,  that  the  dark  night  can 
afford, 
Be  to  thy  perfon,  noble  father-in-law  ! 
Tell  me,  how  fares  our  loving  mother  ? 

Stan.  I,  by  attorney,  blefs  thee  from  thy  mother  *, 
Who  prays  continually  for  Richmond's  good  : 

So  much  for  that The  filent  hours  fteal  on, 

And  flaky  darknefs  breaks  within  the  Eaft, 
In  brief,  for  fo  the  feafon  bids  us  be, 
Prepare  thy  battel  early  in  the  morning  *, 
And  put  thy  fortune  to  th'  arbitrement 
Of  bloody  ftrokes,  and  mortal  flaring  war. 
I,  as  I  may,  (that  which  I  would,  I  cannot) 
With  bed  advantage  will  deceive  the  time, 
And  aid  thee  in  this  doubtful  fhock  of  arms. 
But  on  thy  fide  I  may  not  be  too  forward, 
Left  (being  feen)  thy  brother  tender  George 
Be  executed  in  his  father's  Sight. 
Farewel  •,  the  leifure,  and  the  fearful  time 
Cuts  off  the  ceremonious  vows  of  love, 
And  ample  enterchange  of  fweet  difcourfe, 
Which  fo-long-fundred  friends  mould  dwell  upon. 
God  give  us  leifure  for  thefe  Rites  of  love  ! 
Once  more,  adieu  \  be  valiant,  and  fpeed  well. 

Richm.  Good  lords,  conduct  him  to  his  regiment : 
I'll  ftrive,  with  troubled  thoughts,  to  take  a  nap ; 
Left  leaden  (lumber  poize  me  down  to  morrow, 
When  I  mould  mount  with  wings  of  victory  : 
Once  more,  good  night,  kind  lords,  and  gentlemen. 

[Exeunt.     Manet  Richmond. 
O  thou  !  whofe  Captain  I  account  my  felf, 
Look  on  my  forces  with  a  gracious  eye : 
Put  in  their  hands  thy  bruifing  irons  of  wrath, 
That  they  may  crufh  down  with  a  heavy  fall 

I  i  3  Th* 


5oi  King  Richard    III. 

Th'  ufurping  helmets  of  our  adverfaries. 

Make  us  thy  minifters  of  chaftifement, 

That  we  may  praife  thee  in  thy  victory. 

To  thee  I  do  commend  my  watchful  foul, 

Ere  I  let  fall  the  windows  of  mine  eyes : 

Sleeping  and  waking,  oh,  defend  me  ftill !  [Sleep. 

SCENE,    between    the   Tents   of  Richard   and 
Richmond  :  Ttbey  Jleeping. 

Enter  the  Ghoft  of  Prince  Edward,  Son  to  Henry  the  Sixth. 

Ghoft. *Y  ET  me  fit  heavy  on  thy  foul  to  morrow  ! 

1  j  [To  K.  Rich. 

Think,  how  thou  ftah'd'ft  me  in  the  prime  of  youth 
At  Tewksbury  -,  therefore  defpair  and  die. 

Be  cheerful,  Richmond  -,  for  the  wronged  fouls 

[To  Richm. 
Of  butcher'd  Princes  fight  in  thy  behalf: 
King  Henry's  ifiue,  Richmond,  comforts  thee. 

Enter  the  Ghojl  of  Henry  the  Sixth. 

Ghoft.  When!  was  mortal,  my  anointed  body 

[To  K.  Rich. 
By  thee  was  punched  full  of  deadly  holes  ; 
Think  on  the  Tower,  and  me ;  defpair,  and  die. 
Henry  the  Sixth  bids  thee  defpair,  and  die. 

Virtuous  and  holy,  be  thou  Conqueror :       [To  Richm. 
Harry,  that  prophefy'd  thou  fhould'ft  be  King, 
Doth  comfort  thee  in  deep  ;  live  thou  and  flourifh: 

Enter  the  Ghoft  of  Clarence. 

Ghoft.  Let  me  fit  heavy  on  thy  foul  to  morrow  ! 

[To  K.  Rich. 
I,  that  was  wafh'd  to  death  in  fullbm  wine, 
Poor  Clarence,  by  thy  guile  betray'd  to  death  : 
To  morrow  in  the  battel  think  on  me, 
And  fall  thy  edgelefs  fword  ;  defpair  and  die. 

Thou  off-fpring  of  the  Houfe  of  Lancafter,  [To  Richm. 

The 


King  Richard  III.  503 

The  wronged  heirs  of  York  do  pray  for  thee  ; 
Good  angels  guard  thy  battel !  live,  and  flourifh. 

Enter  the  Gho ft s  of  Rivers,  Gray,  WVaughan. 

Riv.  Let  me  fit  heavy  on  thy  foul  to  morrow ! 

[To  K.  Rich. 
Rivers,  that  dy*d  at  Pom/ret :  defpair,  and  die. 
Gray.  Think  upon  Gray,  and  let  thy  foul  defpair. 

[To  K.  Rich. 
Faugh.  Think  upon  Vaughan,  and  with  guilty  fear 
Let  fall  thy  launce !  Richard,  defpair  and  die. 

[To  K.  Rich. 
All.   Awake  !   and   think,   our    wrongs  in  Richard's 
bofom 
Will  conquer  him.    Awake,  and  win  the  day.  (YoRichm. 

Enter  the  Gho  ft  of  Lord  Haft  in  gs. 

Ghoft.  Bloody  and  guilty,  guiltily  awake  ;    [To  K.  Rich, 
And  in  a  bloody  battel  end  thy  days: 
Think  on  lord  Haftings ;  and  defpair  and  die. 

Quiet,  untroubled  foul,  awake,  awake!  [To  Richm. 
Arm,  fight,  and  conquer,  for  fair  England's  fake. 

Enter  the  Ghoft s  of  the  two  young  Princes. 

Ghofts.  Dream  on  thy  coufins  fmother'd  in  the  Tower  : 
Let  us  be  Lead  within  thy  bofom,  Richard,  (2 4.) 

[To  K.  Rich. 
And  weigh  thee  down  to  ruin,  fliame,  and  death  1 
Thy  Nephews  fouls  bid  thee  defpair  and  die. 

(24)  Let  us  be  laid  within  thy  Bofom,  Richard,]  This  is  a  poor  feeble 
Reading,  which  has  obtained  by  Corruption,  ever  fmce  the  firft  Edition 
put  out  by  the  Players :  and,  indeed,  up  as  high  as  the  Quarto  in  1602, 
But  I  have  reflor'd  from  the  elder  Quarto,  publilh'd  in  1597,  which  Mr, 
Pope  does  not  pretend  to  have  feen  ; 

Let  us  be  Lead  within  thv  Bofom,  Richard, 
This  corresponds  with  what  is  faid  in  the  Line  immediately  following, 

And  weigh  thee  down  to  Kuin,  Shame,  and  Death  ! 
And  likewife  with  what  the  Generality  of  the  Ghofts  lay  threateningly  to 
Richard ; 

Let  me  Jit  heavy  on  thy  Soul  to  morrow  ! 

Ii  4  Sleep^ 


504  King  Richard  III. 

Sleep,  Richmond,  deep  in  peace  ♦,  and  wake  in  joy. 

[To  Richm. 
Good  angels  guard  thee  from  the  boar's  annoy  ! 

Live,  and  beget  a  happy  race  of  Kings 

Edward's  unhappy  fons  do  bid  thee  flourifh. 

Enter  the  Ghoft  of  Anne,   his  wife. 

Ghoft.  Richard^  thy  wife,  that  wretched  Anne  thy  wife, 
That  never  flept  a  quiet  hour  with  thee,  [To  K.  Rich. 

Now  fills  thy  fleep  with  perturbations : 
To  morrow  in  the  battel  think  on  me, 
And  fall  thy  edgelefs  fword :  defpair  and  die. 

Thou,  quiet  foul,  fleep  thou  a  quiet  fleep :   [To  Richm. 
Dream  of  fuccefs  and  happy  victory, 
Thy  adverfary's  wife  doth  pray  for  thee. 

Enter  the  Ghoft  0/*  Buckingham, 

Ghoft.  The  firft  was  I,  that  help'd  thee  to  the  Crown  : 
The  laft  was  I,  that  felt  thy  tyranny.  [To  K.  Rich. 

O,  in  the  battel  think  on  Buckingham, 
And  die  in  terror  of  thy  guikinefs. 
Dream  on,  dream  on,  of  bloody  deeds  and  death  ; 
Fainting,  defpair  •,  defpairing,  yield  thy  breath. 

I  dy'd  for  Holpe,  ere  I  could  lend  thee  aid  ;  (25) 

[To  Richm. 
But  cheer  thy  heart,  and  be  thou  not  difmay'd  : 
God  and  good  angels  fight  on  Richmond's  fide, 
And  Richard  fall  in  height  of  all  his  pride. 

[The  Ghofts  vanijh. 
[K.  Richard  ft  arts  out  of  his  dream. 

K.  Rich.  Give  me  another  horfe — bind  up  my  wounds. 
Have  mercy,  Jefu — — foft,  I  did  but  dream. 
O  coward  Confcience  !  how  doft  thou  afflict  me  ? 
The  lights  burn  blue — — is  it  not  dead  midnight  ? 

(25)  1  dyd  for  Hope,  ere  I  could  lend  thee  did,"\  All  the  Editions  con* 
pur  in  this  Reading,  to  the  abfolute  Detriment  of  the  Senfe.  I  reftore, 
with  the  Addition  of  a  iingle  Letter  j 

/  dyd  for  Holpe,  ere  I  could  lend  thee  Aid ; 
j.  e.  I  periih'd  for  that  Help,  which  I  had  intended  and  was  preparing  to 
lend  Thee  i  tho  I  could  not  effentially  give  Thee  any  Afliftance. 

Cold 


King  Richard  III.  joj 

Cold  fearful  drops  (land  on  my  trembling  flefli. 

What?  do  I  fear  my  felf?  there's  none  elfe  by  ; 

Richard  loves  Richard ;  that  is,  I  am  I. 

Is  there  a  murth'rer  here  r  no  \  yes,  I  am. 

Then  fly — what,  from  my  feif  ?  great  reafon  ;  why  ? 

Left  I  revenge.     What?  my  felf  on  my  felf? 

I  love  my  felf.    Wherefore  ?  for  any  good, 

That  I  my  felf  have  done  unto  my  felf? 

O,  no.     Alas,  I  rather  hate  my  felf, 

For  hateful  deeds  committed  by  my  Self. 

I  am  a  villain  ;  yet  I  lie,  I  am  not. 

Fool,  of  thy  felf  fpeak  well Fool,  do  not  flatter. 

My  confcience  hath  a  thoufand  fev'ral  tongues, 
And  ev'r^1  tongue  brings  in  a  fev'ral  Tale, 
And  ev'ry  Tale  condemns  me  for  a  villain. 
Perjury,  perjury  in  high'ft  degree, 
Murther,  ftern  murther  in  the  dir'ft  degree, 
All  feveral  fins,  all  us'd  in  each  degree, 
Throng  to  the  bar,  all  crying,  guilty,  guilty  ! 
I  fhall  defpair :  there  is  no  creature  loves  me : 
And  if  I  die,  no  foul  fhall  pity  me. 
Nay,  wherefore  mould  they  ?  fince  that  I  my  felf 
Jpind  in  my  felf  no  pity  to  my  felf. 
Methought,  the  fouls  of  all  that  I  had  murther'd 
Came  to  my  tent,  and  every  one  did  threat 
To  morrow's  vengeance  on  the  head  of  Richard. 

Enter  Ratcliffl 

Rat.  My  lord, 

K.  Rich.  Who's  there  ? 

Rat.  Ratcliffe,  my  lord.     The  early  village  cock 
Hath  twice  done  falutation  to  the  morn  -, 
Your  friends  are  up,  and  buckle  on  their  armour. 

K.  Rich.  Ratcliffl  I  fear,  I  fear 

Rat.  Nay,  good  my  lord,  be  not  afraid  of  fhadows. 

K.  Rich.  By  the  Apoftle  Paul,  fhadows  to  night 
Have  (truck  more  terror  to  the  foul  of  Richard, 
Than  can  the  fubftance  of  ten  thoufand  foldiers 
Armed  in  proof,  and  led  by  mallow  Richmond. 
It  is  not  yet  near  day.     Come,  go  with  me ; 

2  Under 


506       King  Richard  III. 

Under  our  tents,  I'll  play  the  eaves-dropper ; 
To  hear,  if  any  mean  to  fhrink  from  me. 

[Exeunt  K.  Richard  and  RatclifF. 

Enter  the  Lords  to  Richmond,  fitting  in  his  Tent. 

Lords.  Good  morrow,  Richmond. 

Richm.  'Cry  mercy,  lords  and  watchful  gentlemen, 
That  you  have  ta'en  a  tardy  fluggard  here. 

Lords.  How  have  you  flept,  my  lord  ? 

Richm.  The  fweeteft  fleep  and  faireft-boding  dreams, 
That  ever  enter'd  in  a  drowfie  head, 
Have  I  fince  your  departure  had,  my  lords. 
Methought,  their  fouls,  whofe  bodies  Richard  murther'd, 
Came  to  my  tent,  and  cried  on  Victory. 
I  promife  you,  my  heart  is  very  jocund, 
In  the  remembrance  of  fo  fair  a  dream. 
How  far  into  the  morning,  is  it,  lords? 

Lords.  Upon  the  fir  oak  of  four. 

Richm.  Why,  then  'tis  time  to  arm  and  give  direction. 
More  than  I  have  faid,  loving  Countrymen, 
The  leifure  and  enforcement  of  the  time 
Forbids  to  dwell  on  ;  yet  remember  this, 
God  and  our  good  Caufe  fight  upon  our  fide, 
The  Pray'rs  of  holy  Saints,  and  wronged  fouls, 
Like  high-rear'd  bulwarks,  Hand  before  our  faces. 
Richard  except,  thofe,  whom  we  fight  againft, 
Had  rather  have  us  win,  than  him  they  follow. 
For  what  is  he,  they  follow  ?  truly,  gentlemen, 
A  bloody  tyrant,  and  a  homicide  : 
One  rais'd  in  blood,  and  one  in  blood  eftablifh'd  ; 
One,  that  made  means  to  come  by  what  he  hath, 
And  flaughter'd  thofe  that  were  the  means  to  help  him. 
A  bafe  foul  flone,  made  precious  by  the  foil 
Of  England's  Chair,  where  he  is  falfely  fet : 
One,  that  hath  ever  been  God's  enemy  *, 
Then  if  you  fight  againft  God's  enemy, 
God  will  in  jultice  ward  you  as  his  foldiers. 
If  you  do  fweat  to  put  a  tyrant  down, 
You  fleep  in  peace,  the  tyrant  being  flain  : 
If  you  do  fight  againft  your  Country's  foes, 

Your 


ICtng  Richard  III.         507 

Your  Country's  Fat  fhall  pay  your  pains  the  Hire. 
If  you  do  fight  in  fafeguard  of  your  wives, 
Your  wives  fhall  welcome  home  the  conquerors. 
If  you  do  free  your  children  from  the  fword, 
Your  children's  children  quit  it  in  your  age. 
Then,  in  the  name  of  God,  and  all  thefe  rights, 
Advance  your  ftandards  ;  draw  your  willing  fwords. 
For  me,  the  ranfom  of  my  bold  attempt 
Shall  be  this  cold  corps  on  the  earth's  cold  face  : 
But  if  I  thrive,  the  gain  of  my  attempt 
The  leaft  of  you  fhall  fhare  his  part  thereof. 
Sound,  drums  and  trumpets,  boldly,  chearfully, 
God,  and  Saint  George !  Richmond,  and  Victory  ! 

Enter  King  Richard,  Ratcliff  and  Catefby. 

K.  Rich.  What  faid  Northumberland \  as  touching  Rich- 
mond ? 

Rat,  That  he  was  never  trained  up  in  arms. 

K.  Rich,  He  faid  the  truth  ;  and  what  faid  Surrey  then? 

Rat.  He  fmii'd  and  faid,  the  better  for  our  purpofe. 

K.  Rich.  He  was  i'th' right,  and  fo,  indeed,  it  is. 
Tell  the  clock  there — give  me  a  Kalendar.     [Clock  Jir ikes. 
Who  faw  the  Sun  to  day  ? 

Rat.  Not  I,  my  lord. 

K.  Rich.  Then  he  difdains  to  fhine  ;  for,  by  the  book, 

He  mould  have  brav'd  the  Eaft  an  hour  ago 

A  black  day  it  will  be  to  fome  body,  Ratcliff. 

Rat.  My  lord  ? 

K.  Rich.  The  Sun  will  not  be  feen  to  day  ; 
The  sky  doth  frown  and  lowre  upon  our  army- 


I  would  thefe  dewy  tears  were  from  the  ground 

Not  Ihine  to  day  ?  why,  what  is  that  to  me 
More  than  to  Richmond?  for  the  felf-fame  heav'n, 
That  frowns  on  me,  looks  fadly  upon  him. 

Enter  Norfolk. 

Nor.  Arm,  arm,  my  lord,  the  foe  vaunts  in  the  field. 

K.  Rich.  Come,  buftle,  buftle — caparifon  my  horfe. 
Call  up  lord  Stanley ,  bid  him  bring  his  Povver ; 
I  will  lead  forth  my  foldiers  to  the  plain, 

And 


5«8  King  Richard  III. 

And  thus  my  battel  fhall  be  ordered. 
My  Forward  fhall  be  drawn  out  all  in  length, 
Confiding  equally  of  horfe  and  foot : 
Our  Archers  fhall  be  placed  in  the  midft  ; 
John  Duke  of  Norfolk,  Thomas  Earl  of  Surrey, 
Shall  have  the  leading  of  the  foot  and  horfe. 
They  thus  directed,  we  our  felf  will  follow' 
In  the  main  battel,  which  on  either  fide 
Shall  be  well  winged  with  our  chiefefl  horfe : 

This  and  St.  George  to  boot! What  think'ft  thou, 

Norfolk? 
Nor.  A  good  direction,  warlike  Soveraign. 
This  paper  found  I  on  my  tent  this  morning. 

[Giving  a  fcrowl. 

Jocky  of  Norfolk,  he  not  fo  bold,  [Reads, 

For  Dickon  thy  mafier  is  bought  and  fold. 

K.  Rich.  A  thing  devifed  by  the  enemy. 
Go,  gentlemen  ;  go,  each  man  to  his  Charge. 
Let  not  our  babling  dreams  affright  our  fouls  ; 
Confcience  is  but  a  word  that  cowards  ufe, 
Devis'd  at  firft  to  keep  the  ftrong  in  awe  : 
Our  ftrong  arms  be  our  confcience,  fwords  our  law. 
March  on,  join  bravely,  let  us  to't  pell-mell, 
If  not  to  heav'n,  then  hand  in  hand  to  hell. 
What  fhall  I  fay  more  than  I  have  inferr'd  ? 
Remember,  whom  you  are  to  cope  withal ; 
A  Sort  of  vagabonds,  of  rafcals,  run-aways, 
A  fcum  of  Britons,  and  bafe  lackey-peafants, 
Whom  their  o'er-cloyed  Country  vomits  forth 
To  defperate  adventures  and  deftrudion. 
You  fleeping  fafe,  they  bring  you  to  unreft  : 
You  having  lands,  and  bleft  with  beauteous  wives, 
They  would  reflrain  the  one,  diflain  the  other. 
And  who  doth  lead  them  but  a  paltry  fellow,  (26) 
Long  kept  in  Bretagne  at  his  mother's  coft  ? 

A 

(26)  And  *who  doth  lead  them  hut  a  paltry  Fellow, 

Long  kept  in  Britaine  at  our  Mother's  Coji  ?~\     This  is  fpoken  by  Richard, 

of  Henry  Earl  of  Richmond:  but  they  were  far  from  having  any  common 

Mother,  but  England;  and  the  Earl  of  Richmond  was  not  fubfifted  abroad 

,.  at 


King  Richard  III.  jo? 

A  milk-fop,  one  tnat  never  in  his  life 

Felt  fo  much  cold,  as  over  fhooes  in  fnow. 

Let's  whip  thefe  ftragglers  o'er  the  feas  again, 

Lafh  hence  thefe  over-weening  rags  of  France, 

Thefe  famifh'd  beggars,  weary  of  their  lives  \ 

Who,  but  for  dreaming  on  this  fond  exploit, 

For  want  of  Means,  poor  rats,  had  hang'd  themfelves* 

If  we  be  conquer'd,  let  men  conquer  us, 

And  not  thofe  baftard-i?n7cw,  whom  our  fathers 

Have  in  their  own  Land  beaten,  bobb'd  and  thump'd ; 

And  on  record  left  them  the  heirs  of  fhame. 

Shall  thefe  enjoy  our  lands  ?  lye  with  our  wives  ? 

Ravifli  our  daughters? — hark,  I  hear  their  drum. 

[Drum  afar  off. 
Fight,  gentlemen  of  England ;  fight,  bold  yeomen  ! 
Draw,  archers,  draw  your  arrows  to  the  head : 
Spur  your  proud  horfes  hard,  and  ride  in  blood : 
Amaze  the  welkin  with  your  broken  ftaves  ! 

Enter  a  Meffenger. 
What  fays  lord  Stanley,  will  he  bring  his  Power? 

Mef  My  lord,  he  doth  deny  to  come. 

K.  Rich.  Off  with  his  fon  George's  head. 

Nor.  My  lord,  the  enemy  is  pail  the  marfh  ; 
After  the  battel  let  George  Stanley  die. 

K.  Rich.  A  thoufand  hearts  are  great  within  my  bofom, 
Advance  our  ftandards,  fet  upon  our  foes  ; 
Our  ancient  word  of  courage,  fair  St.  George, 
Infpire  us  with  the  fpleen  of  fiery  dragons. 
Upon  them  !  Victory  fits  on  our  helms.  \Exeunt. 

at  the  Nation  s  publick  Charge.  He  fled  with  the  Earl  of  Pembroke  into 
Bretagny  in  King  Edward  IVth's  Reign  :  And  many  Artifices  were  tried 
both  by  that  King  nrft,  and  King  Richard  afterwards,  to  get  him  de- 
livered up  by  the  French  King  and  Duke  of  Bretagny.  But  he  happily 
efcap'd  all  the  Snares  laid  for  him.  During  the  greateft  part  of  his  Refi- 
dence  abroad,  he  was  watch'd  and  reftrain'd  almoft  like  a  Captive  ;  and 
iiibmted  by  Supplies  convey'd  from  the  Countefs  of  Richmond,  his  Mother. 
It  feems  probable  therefore,  that  we  muft  read ; 
Long  kept  in  Bretagne  at  his  Mother's  Cojl. 
I  publifh'd  this  Conjecture  in  the  Appendix  to  my  Shakespeare 
reftoredi  and  Mr,  Pope  has  thought  Jit  to  adopt  it  in  his  laft  Edition  of 
our  Poet. 

Alarum* 


5 1  o         King  Richard  III. 

Alarum.     Excurfions.     Enter  Catefby. 

;  Catef.  Refcue,  my  lord  of  Norfolk,  refcue,  refcue: 
The  King  enacts  more  wonders  than  a  man, 
Daring  an  oppofite  to  every  danger  ! 
His  horfe  is  {lain,  and  all  on  foot  he  fights, 
Seeking  for  Richmond  in  the  throat  of  death. 
Refcue,  fair  lord,  or  elfe  the  day  is  loft. 

Alarum.     Enter  King  Richard. 

K.  Rich.  A  horfe  !  a  horfe !  my  Kingdom  for  a  horfe ! 

Catef.  Withdraw,  my  lord,  I'll  help  you  to  a  horfe. 

K.  Rich.  Slave,  I  have  fet  my  life  upon  a  Caft, 
And  I  will  ftand  the  hazard  of  the  Dye  : 
I  think,  there  be  fix  Richmonds  in  the  field  ; 
Five  have  I  (lain  to  day  inftead  of  him. 
A  horfe  !  a  horfe  !  my  Kingdom  for  a  horfe !      [Exeunt. 

Alarums.    Enter  King  Richard  and  Richmond  ;  they  fight, 

Richard  is  Jlain. 

Retreat  and  Flourifh.     Enter  Richmond,  Stanley  bearing 
the  Crown,  with  divers  other  lords. 

Richm.   God    and    your  arms   be    prais'd,   victorious 
The  day  is  ours  !  the  bloody  dog  is  dead.  [friends, 

Stan.  Couragious Richmond,  well  haft  thou  acquit  thee: 
Lo,  here  thefe  long-ufurped  royalties, 
From  the  dead  temples  of  this  bloody  wretch, 
Have  I  pluckt  off,  to  grace  thy  brows  withal. 
Wear  it,  enjoy  it,  and  make  much  of  it. 

Richm.  Great  God  of  heaven,  fay,  Amen,  to  all ! 
But  tell  me  firft,  is  young  George  Stanley  living  ? 

Stanl.  He  is,  my  lord,  and  fafe  in  Leicefter  town  ; 
Whither,  if  you  fo  pleafe,  we  may  withdraw  us. 

Richm.  What  men  of  Name  are  (lain  on  either  fide  ? 

Stanl.  John  Duke  of  Norfolk,  Walter  the  lord  Ferris, 
Sir  Robert  Brakenbury,  Sir  William  Brandon. 

Richm.  Interr  their  bodies  as  becomes  their  births. 
Proclaim  a  pardon  to  the  foldiers  fled, 
That  in  fubmifiion  will  return  to  us. 

3  \  And 

Jtrms^cxrfviiJ  ri  cut,  UJfL  , 


King  Richard  HI.  J*  j] 

And  then,  as  we  have  ta'en  the  Sacrament, 

We  will  unite  the  White  Rofe  and  the  Red. 

Smile  heav'n  upon  this  fair  Conjunction, 

That  long  hath  frown'd  upon  their  enmity  ! 

What  traitor  hears  me,  and  fays  not,  Amen  ? 

England  hath  long  been  mad,  and  fcarr'd  her  felf ; 

The  brother  blindly  fhed  the  brother's  blood, 

The  father  rafhly  flaughter'd  his  own  fon, 

The  fons,  compell'd,  been  butchers  to  the  fire : 

All  this  divided  Tork  and  Lancafter, 

Divided  in  their  dire  divifion. 

O  now  let  Richmond  and  Elizabeth , 

The  true  Succeeders  of  each  royal  Houfe, 

By  God's  fair  ordinance  conjoin  together ! 

And  let  their  heirs  (God,  if  thy  will  be  fo) 

Enrich  the  time  to  come  with  fmooth-fac'd  peace, 

With  fmiling  plenty,  and  fair  profp'rous  days. 

Abate  the  edge  of  traitors,  gracious  Lord  ! 

That  would  reduce  thefe  bloody  days  again, 

And  make  poor  Englandweep  in  ftreams  of  blood. 

Let  them  not  live  to  tafte  this  Land's  encreafe, 

That  would  with  treafon  wound  this  fair  Land's  peace: 

Now  civil  wounds  are  ftopp'd,  Peace  lives  agen  : 

That  Ihe  may  long  live  here,  God  fay,  Amen!  [Exeunt. 


The  End  of  the  Fourth  Volume, 


ADDENDUM. 

At  the  End  of  the  10th  Note  upon  i  Henry  VI.  p.  129. 

A  Learned  and  Reverend  Gentleman  having  attempted  to  impeach 
Br.  Bent  ley  of  Error,  for  maintaining  that  there  never  was  exiftent 
any  magnificent  or  fpacious  Garden  of  Adonis;  an  Opinion,  in  which 
as  it  has  been  my  Fortune  to  feconcf  the  Doclor  upon  this  Head,  I  thought 
myfelf  concerned  in  fome  part  to  weigh  thofe  Authorities,  which  are 
alledg'd  by  the  ObjeSior,  {or  Adonis  having  any  real  Garden.  Pliny,  (in 
the  xixth  Book  of  his  Natural  Hiftory,  ch.  iv.)  has  thefe  Words :  Anti- 
quitas  nihil  prius  mirata  eft  quam  Hefperidum  Hortos,  ac  Regum  Adonidis 
Cif  Alcinoi.  The  Firft  and  Third  of  thefe  fuppos'd  Gardens,  it  muft  be 
granted,  are  merely  fictitious  and  mythological;  and  depend  only  on 
the  Teftimony  of  poetic  Imagination  :  And  therefore  there  is  very  little, 
reafon  to  conclude,  that  the  Naturalift  meant  any  more  by  Adonis's  Gar- 
dens, than  thofe  planted  in  honour  of  him,  and  carried  about  at  his  Fefti- 
vals.  The  Scholiaft  on  Theocritus  tells  us,  It  was  a  Cuftom  to  fow 
Wheat,  Barley,  and  other  Grain,  in  the  Suburbs  of  their  Towns;  (where 
Adonis  was  worfhip'd ;)  and  thefe  planted  Spots  were  call'd  Adonis's . 
Gardens,  and  confecrated  to  him  :  and  the  Fruits  and  Plants,  which 
were  produced  there,  were  of  thofe  that  were  carried  about  in  the  Cere- 
monies performed  to  his  Worfhip.  But  it  will  not  be  pretended,  I  hope, 
that  thefe  were  Gardens  cultivated  by  him  ;  but  barely  confecrated  to  his 
Memory.  The  Learned  Huetius,  indeed,  in  his  Demonjlrat.  Evangelic. 
mentions,  that  the  Greeks  relate  of  Adonis,  that  he  was  exceedingly  de- 
voted to  the  Culture  of  Gardens :  Regent  Adonidem  Hortorum  cur  a  im- 
pense  fuije  deditum  narr antes.  But  what  does  this  imply  more,  than  that 
he  was  an  Admirer  of  rural  Pleafures ;  of  Gardens,  as  well  as  Lawns 
and  Chafes  ?  Not  that  there  was  any  known  or  celebrated  Garden, 
formed  and  cultivated  by  himfelf,  and  which  therefore  carried  his  Name. 
Nay,  Huetius  was  fo  far  from  believing  any  fuch  Matter,  that  he  thinks, 
the  Original  of  the  portable  Gardens  came  from  the  Refemblance  of  the 
Name  Adon  to  that  of  Eden :  and  that  Gan-Eden,  or  the  Garden  of 
Pleafure,  the  Term  which  the  Phoenician  Women  gave  to  thefe  portable 
Gardens,  in  procefs  of  Time  was  changed  into  Gan-Adon,  the  Gardens  of 
Adonis.  So  Gerard  Croejius,  in  his  Homerus  Hebraus,  gives  it  as  his 
Opinion,  that  whatever  the  old  Fables  have  laid  of  the  Hefperides,  and 
the  Gardens  of  Adonis,  as  well  as  what  Home r  has  faid  of  Alcinous\  Gar- 
dens, have  all  their  Foundation  from  the  Mofaic  Eden.  And  I'll  add, 
that  the  Elyjian  Fields,  in  many  Refpe&s,  are  a  Copy  from  the  fame 

Piclure.f— Marino,  indeed,  the  Italian  Poet,  has  planted  a  fictitious 

Garden  for  Adonis ;  as  our  Spenfer  has  likewife  done  fmce,  upon  the 
other's  Plan.  But  thefe  are  Poetic  Defcriptions,  and  founded  on  no 
Bafis  of  Truth  or  real  Locality.  When  I  wrote  the  Note,  to  which  I 
make  this  a  Supplement,  I  obferv'd,  that  what  Author  our  Shakefpeare 
traded  with  for  his  Hint  about  Adonises  Gardens,  I  could  not  pretend  to 
fay  :  but  I  am  now  convinced,  that  he  copied  the  Thought  of  his  Simile 
from  the  following  Paffage  of  Spenfer. 

There  is  continual  Spring,  and  Harveft  there 

Continual,  Both  meeting  at  one  Time ; 
Tor  loth  the  Boughs  do  laughing  Bloffoms  bear, 

And  with  frefh  Colours  deck  the  wanton  Prime ; 
And  eke  at  once  the  heavy  Trees  they  climb, 

Which  feem  to  labour  under  their  Fruit'j  Load,  &c. 

Fairy  Queen,  Bo,  ill.  Can,  6,  St.^l* 


Jl>  JH^titrd   III 


fjjfttrr 


frjiy  dufahffuw 


f~       f/fr    basing  Ml  tyfi^^Utvfy  6ta*A4f-- 


li/.Jtujj  PU  o€cL  &cl:  ruuL/ 

file.  A+ta^nett  *f-  Sus  4^L*> 

Unrxm^y  for  urr+n~+  —     fr. 


WMmA^um 


irK^m 


Hi 

■HHK 


■QHffl 


■ 


■■ 


K«L 


