ONT TIECT TPST FANENE 


FA RNP LW a 


7 


TETO ijárijraiikisiisit 


sainkhid 


hltan 


ihhakikiih 


OTRIN 


hades 
N 
adh bts 


Hitlist 
i 


Ripe ta 


i 


eh 
S 


atien 
EPer 


ike c Sg ee 


W., 10,000---20/9/98. 


Graydon Public Libraries. 


CENTRAL REFERENCE LIBRARY. 


Py Class noe LGB ROL 


Besides the class topic,.other topics treated of in this 


book are as follows :— 


Toric No. PAGES. | Torie No. 


PAGES. 


This Volume is presented by the 


Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty’s Treasury 


to 


and will, in the event’ of the ‘Library being broken | 


up, be returned to the Controller of Her Majesty’s 


Stationery Office, Westminster. 


“a 


Wi iti niii 


E CALENDAR i 


OF 


PSTATE PAPERS, 


DOMESTIC SERIES, 


October 1668 to December 1669. 


PRESERVED IN THE 


STATE PAPER DEPARTMENT 


OF 


HER MAJESTY’S PUBLIC RECORD OFFICE. 


» 


EDITED BY 


MARY ANNE EVERETT GREEN, 
Author of “The Lives of the Princesses of England,” &c. 


$ 
PUBLISHED UNDER THE DIRECTION OF THE MASTER OF THE ROLLS, AND WITH THE SANCTION OF 
HER MAJESTY’S SECRETARY OF STATE FOR THE HOME DEPARTMENT. 


LONDON: 
PRINTED FOR HER MAJESTY’S STATIONERY OFFICE, 
j E = BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE, 
r x PRINTERS TO a  QUEEN’S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY. 


parchased ‘older directly or fied any Bookseller, from 
eae femal her FLEET nanen E.C. ; or 


o 


PE O 1894 


r 


 TeROMLEY 
PUBLIC 
LIBRARIES 


ACC. 


OITS 2AA 
[ 94a. O66) 


CALENDAR, 1668 - 


29 


1669 - 


GENERAL INDEX - 


ERRATA - 


79380. 


Wt. 17800, 


THIS VOLUME. 


1668. 


Oct. = 
le ALO 
Paris. 


Oct. 1. 


Oct. 1. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 1. 
Ryde. 


Oct. 1. 


Oct. ? 


79380. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS, 
CHARLES IL. 


H. Brouncker to Jos. Williamson. I send an enclosure, not know- 
ing whether Sir John Trevor is in possession of the seals. Thanks 
for favours received from you. I have heard of them, since my de- 
parture, through a fair lady and other friends, and am sorry I have 
no way of returning them. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 247, No. 73.] 


T. Sprat to Williamson. I recommend the bearer, a gentlewoman 
of a noble family, that was ruined for the late King. Her husband had 
several considerable commands, and lost his life in the service, 
which being represented to his Majesty by petition, he commanded 
Henry Coventry to speak to the trustees for the Plate Lottery that 
her name should be put in, and she enjoy her share; this has been 
done, but she fears some prejudice, because Sir Thos. Sandys, to 
whom Coventry spoke, is out of town, and therefore I request 
your assistance. My lord duke promised to speak to Lord Arling- 
ton about it before his grace went out of town. [Jbid. No. 74.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Earl of Sandwich has de- 
parted for London, and the ship which brought him has sailed for 
the Downs. [Jbid. No. 75.] 


Sir Wm. Morton to Williamson. I formerly sent a copy of the 
forged brief, and thank you for acquainting Lord Arlington with it. 
I will, by his command, proceed against the actors that I can lay 
hold of at the next sessions; but the principal offenders are in the 
King’s Bench Prison in London. I will deal with them next term. 
I think it would not be amiss to publish the forgery in the Gazeite, 
and prevent any further collections upon a forged brief; the moneys 
already collected should be ordered to be restored to the church- 
wardens, and by them to the persons who gave it, with directions to 
‘the justices, &c., to apprehend the carriers of such briefs, and see them 
punished. This if done under his lordship’s name will endear the 
country to him, and manifest that love he has for the good of the 
people. [Lbid. No. 76.] 


Warrant to John Blundell to repair to Canterbury, or any other 
place, in search of Rob. Gilbert and Edw. Fray, carriers, and 
to bring them before Sir John Trevor. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 28, p. 18.] 


Petition of John Hacket, clerk, to the King, for a presentation to 
the rectory of Theberton, Suffolk. Served during the late war as 


Wt. 17800. A 


1668. 


Oct. 1. 


Harwich. 


Oct. 1. 
Emsworth 
Sloop, 
Holehaven. 


Oct. 1. 


Portsmouth, 


Oct. 1. 
The Roebuck, 
Portsmouth. 


Oct. 1. 
The Roebuck, 
Portsmouth, 


Oct. 1. 
Chatham, 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


chaplain in the Yarmouth, and other ships named ; applied to the 
Lord Keeper for the living mentioned, and sent recommendations 
from Henry, Bishop of Chichester, and Dr. [Nath.] Hardy, Dean 
of Rochester, and had a fiat signed for it, but by another name ; 
this he found to be a mistake when he came upon the place, and 
the Lord Keeper promised it should be rectified, if it were in his 
disposal ; but though the true value does not exceed 70l. a year, it was 
found in his Majesty’s books to be rated high, viz.: at 26l. 13s. 4d., 
and therefore is not in his lordship’s gift. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 247, 
No. T7.) Annexing, 


Certificate by Herbert, Bishop of Hereford, of the fitness of the 
petitioner to receive the presentation solicited.—1 Oct. 1668. 
[Zbid. No. 771.] 


Capt. Silas Taylor to Sam. Pepys. His Majesty is expected here 
on Saturday; Sir Charles Littleton, and Major [Nath.] Dorrell, 
Governor of Languard, are expected this night, with the Henrietta 
and Anne pleasure boats. I hope they will not come so soon, as I 
have neither boat nor barge fit to receive his Majesty into. I desire 
you to send one by the pleasure boats, if they are not come away. 
I presume the Board fully understand his Majesty’s intentions of 
being here, so that I question not but I shall have the happiness 
of waiting upon one of them here. Sir Bernard de Gomme, 
Engineer General, will attend his Majesty. [Jbid. No. 78.] 


Capt. Walter Perry to the Navy Commissioners. Has stopped, as 
ordered, several vessels come from Normandy, but the river being 
wide and the nights dark, if vessels will be obstinate, one can slip 
by while the boat is on board another. Is ordered to remain there 
until the Lenox yacht comes, which was expected 10 days ago. 
[Lbid. No. 79.] 


Capt. John Tinker to Sam. Pepys. Desires orders as to victual- 
ling and cleaning the Roebuck, arrived at Spithead. [Jbid. No. 80.] 


Capt. George Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. Is arrived at 
Spithead. Asks orders for a pinnace, and also for cleaning the 
frigate, she having been off the ground 5 months. [Zbid. No. 81.] 


Same to the same, Understands by Capt. Tinker that he may 
have another cable, his own not being fit to venture the frigate 


by; shall not stay longer than to get his provisions on board. 
[Zbid. No. 82.] 


John Moore and Edw. Moorcock to the Navy Commissioners. 
Particulars of the position of a wreck they have weighed out of the 
way of the trade up and down. Shall leave her till they have the 
third wreck, which lies in the middle of the river, which they hope 
to accomplish before the cold weather; then the channel will be 
open about Gillingham. The victualling proves indifferent, and the 
beef new killed and not well saved, so that it stunk; two hogsheads 
more have been sent, which is old and rotten. Pray that the vic- 
tualler may order his instrument to complete their complement of 
beef, as the work and season of the year require them to be careful 
of the health of their men. [Zbid. No. 83.] 


1668. 
Oct. 1. 


Gravesend. 


Oct. 2. 
Cambridge. 


Oct. 2. 


Newmarket. 


Oct: 
Suffolk Street. 


Oct. 2. 


Oct. 2. 
Deal. 


CHARLES II. 3 


F. Hosier to Sam. Pepys. The Wevenhoe ketch has arrived from 


Tangier, having 24 men on board. [S.P. Dom., Oar. II. 247, 
No. 84.] 


Sir Nich. Armorer to Williamson. After the death of a fox and 
leash of hares, besides a brave horse race at Newmarket, I have 
reached Cambridge, on my way to Kimbolton, where I shall stay 
till Monday, when his Majesty will return to Newmarket. Do not 
fail to let me have a cast of your office. Lord Thomond won the 
great race, and as a frolic, I betted 2 guineas for you, which 
we have won. Noted, “At Kimbolton, to be left with the 
postmaster of Huntingdon; to be sent with speed.’ [13 pages. 
Ibid. No. 85.] 


Earl of Thomond to Williamson. The Lord Steward keeps the 
best table here. [Sir Nich.] Armorer brought 2 guineas from him- 
self and you, which were improved on Thump’s victory, won by a 
yard, and so strait the entire 6 miles. The King is highly pleased 
with all his Newmarket recreations ; up by candle-light yesterday 
morning, and this morning, hunting the hare; in the afternoon he 
hawks, and courses with greyhounds; to Harwich to-morrow, and 
on Monday here again. The Cup will be ridden for next week before 
the Queen; as you prize earthly paradises, you are to bring a maid 
of honour behind you next week. Thanks for intelligences. [Jbid. 
No. 86.] 


Elizabeth Lady Dysart to Williamson, I desire you to forward a 
letter enclosed, to Lord Lauderdale at Newmarket, and take care for 
the delivery of it and of the answer, as it is of some importance to me. 
I am going out of town, but will return on Monday, and send to 
your office for any letters. [Jbid. No. 87.] 


Fras. Rogers to Williamson. I find that putting off the Parlia- 
ment has filled men’s minds with suspicions that they are going to 
be governed in an arbitrary way, and that an army is to be raised ; 
but these are fancies of their own making. I told Mr. Norris that 
the way to get an ensigncy in the Guards was by money, and he 
assured me it could be found, but “ wanted a man of honour to 
make the business with the Colonel”; if that may be done by 
your favour, Mr. Norris may be advanced as he desires. I am to 
be addressed at Hereford. [Jbid. No. 88.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. A French lord and his lady, with 
some 5 Frenchmen, arrived at Dover from Calais. The Frenchmen 
quarrelling, about half seas over, had nearly sunk the vessel, On 
arriving, they ran upon the rocks to the south of the pier-head, 
where the vessel broke in pieces, and the lady, to escape, leaped 
overboard to the shore, but slipped from the rock. Her lord offered 
a crown for one to fetch her, but none would undertake the work 
without 6, so the lord paid it, and one brought her out almost dead. 
Great search is making for a trunk lost worth 300l., as also for 
other things of value. The ship that brought over Lord Sandwich 
has arrived in the Downs. The wind is high. With postscript, 

A 2 


1668. 


Oct. 2. 


Neweastle. 


Oct. 3. 
Lyme. 


Oct. 3. 


Yarmouth, 


Oct. 3. 
Weymouth. 


Oct. 3. 


Oct. 3. 


Oct. 3. 


Harwich. 


Oct. 4. 
Deal. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


3 Oct. There are 22 sail of outward-bound ships come into the 
Downs; I will take special care of your Lisbon packet. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. TI. 247, No. 89.] 


Rich. Forster to Williamson. The great fleet still remains, and 
several other vessels have come in. [Jbid. No. 90.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. The Hope of Weymouth, arrived 
from St. Malo, reports that a great earthquake happened there the 
night before she sailed ; also that there has been a great mortality 
amongst the inhabitants, 1,600 young persons and others having 
died of the small pox, &c., within a few months; also that the 
English trade is made very bad, there being no vent for our drapery, 
through the great import of wool from Ireland. A Galway vessel 
had lately a great quantity on board, and pretended it was for 
Londen, but landed it at St. Malo. [Jbid. No. 91.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. A vessel from the East country ran 
upon the sands, called the Middle grounds, near Winterton, and was 
lost, but several of her goods, as tar, iron, and deals, have been 
brought ashore, and the men were all saved. John Woodroff and 
Thomas Dunn, both Yarmouth men, are the new bailiffs. The fish- 
ing is mean as yet, but if the weather proves good, they hope to 
have plenty, now the tides are lifted. [Jbid. No. 92.] 


John Pocock to Hickes. On the 2nd a Dieppe ship was cast 
away at Portland; she was bound for Rochelle for salt; the men 
were all saved. [Zbid. No. 93.] 


Col. Walter Slingsby and 4 other [trustees of the Plate lottery] 
to Williamson. Ask him to insert the enclosed in the Gazette, and 
to continue it for a month, or longer. [Ibid. No. 94.] 


Lord Mordaunt to Williamson. I would have waited on Lord 
Arlington for his pass and warrant, but was forced into Surrey on 
account of the militia, Pray put his lordship in mind of them, and 


that by Monday I may secure them, and his commands for France. 
[Ibid. No. 95.] 


Capt. Silas Taylor to Pepys. Last night, the King’s Harbingers 
came and took up all houses and lodgings. The King and 
his Royal Highness supped this night at my house, and will lodge 
here till Monday. Two of his chaplains are to pray and preach 
before him in our church to-morrow, and on Monday they go to 
Ipswich to Viscount Hereford’s to dine. I am troubled that none of 
the Navy Commissioners are here, to speak to his Majesty and his 
Royal Highness about encroachments made upon the yard by the 
town; also for the want of a boat, when his Majesty comes to 
Landguard Fort. Iam utterly ignorant how to get one supplied. 
I have stopped all the wherries here and at Ipswich, but not one is 
fit for them to come into; it is too late now to complain, I must 
shift as well as I can. [Zbid. No. 96.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Twenty sail of ships have come 
down outward bound. I gave the 2 packets to Mr. Callender, bound 


1668. 


Oct. 5. 
Holyhead, 


Oct. 5. 


Falmouth. 


Oct. 5. 


Pendennis. 


Oct. 5. 


London. 


Oct. 5. 


Oct. 5. 


Coventry. 


Oct. 5. 
Teddington. 


CHARLES II. 5 


for Lisbon, and have 2 witnesses to the delivery, but no note 
would be given, the master not being on board. [S.P. Dom., Car. ITI. 
247, No. 97.] 


Lord O’Brian to [Williamson]. I came to Chester on Wednesday, 
and shipped my goods on Thursday, resolving to put out the next 
tide; but the wind came about to the south-west so violently, with 
most terrible storms of rain, that despairing of a passage, I came to 
Holyhead through the most heathenish country ever any man 
travelled. The packet is expected to-morrow from London, and I 
shall then put out with it for Dublin. I hope my lady and my wife 
with the children got safe to you, and will spend a happy 
winter. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 98.] 


Thos. Holden to James Hickes. Arrival and departure of ships. 
[Zbid. No. 99.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. Arrival and departure of ships. 
Thirty sail are waiting a fair wind. [Zbid. No. 100.] 


Thos. Gardiner to Williamson. If you can accommodate my 
friend with his desire, I crave despatch in it; if it succeeds effectu- 
ally, he has 20 pieces to present you with, and some for the solicitor. 
[Lbid. No. 101.] Annexing, 


Note for Pierre d Artiaque of Bayonne, captain of the Golden 
Herring, laden with salt, wine, cloth, &c., to come from 
Bayonne to England, and return to Bayonne, on the account 
of John Westcombe, English Consul there. [French. Ibid. 
No. 1011.] 


Resignation by James Forbes, vicar of Bovey-Tracey, co. Devon, of 
the said vicarage into the hands of Anthony, Bishop of Exeter, and 
appointment of Charles Heron, public notary, to present the said re- 
signation. With attested certificate of the resignation, given at 
the vicarage of Bovey-Tracey. [Latin. 2 pages. Ibid. No. 102.] 


Ralph Hope to [Williamson]. I must complain of the miscarriage 
of my letters for 5 successive Sundays, and of the remissness of the 
post here. I fear some sinister practice; pray inquire into it. I 
hope to see your relations on their return, and to have a more happy 
opportunity of waiting on them than on the last occasion. Your 
namesake and Mr. King send their salutes. [Jbid. No. 103.] 


Lord Keeper Bridgeman to [Williamson]. I received yours with 
the several extracts and letter for Lisle, and Sec. Trevor came 
hither and showed me several packets. I read over Sir Wm. 
Temple’s long letter and some others, and made remarks upon them, 
whereof Mr. Secretary took notes, and promised to write to Lord 
Arlington. The advice from Lisle, concerning the wools, is of huge 
importance to endeavour a remedy, though late ; the Attorney had 
order a fortnight since to report to Council how he found the laws 
concerning wool, and wherein defective. I know not what has been 
done in it, though order was given by Lord Arlington that I should 
have extracts of what is done at every Council. 


1668. 


Oct. 5. 


Oct. 5. 


Oct. 5. 
Treasury 
Chambers. 


Oct. 6. 


Bonadventure, 
Blackstakes. 


Oct. 6. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


I think that letters ought to be written from the Board to the 
Mayor of Canterbury, and the justices and deputy lieutenants m 
East Kent, and the coasts of Sussex, Essex, and Suffolk, enjoining 
them to search all houses where it may be supposed any wool is, to 
ascertain the quantities, to take the owners’ answers for what uses 
they intend to dispose of it, and to certify with all speed to the 
Board; also to inquire after those that have transported it, that 
proceedings may be had against them. If you acquaint Mr. 
Treasurer or Mr. Secretary with this, and they like it, they will 
put it into a better form for the Board. Take care of the letter 
from Lisle, as I intend to make use of it when the Council of Trade 
sits. I began my letter with my own hand, but could not go 
through with it. [1} pages. SP. Dom., Car. II. 247, No. 104.] 


Sir John Bennet to Andrew Ellis, General Post Office, London. 
Desires him to ask Williamson for a pass for his mare. [Jbid. 
No. 105.] 


R. Mayors to [the Navy Commissioners]. Has surveyed Mr. 
Fithy’s East-country plank at Deptford, 80 loads, and judges it to 
be worth 3/, 10s. per load. With note that the Board offered 30. 12s., 
Mr. Shish, then present, saying he would give as much, but Mr. 
Fithy refused it, insisting upon 3l. 15s. [Zbid. No. 106.] 


Sir George Downing to Pepys. Do not fail to meet me at Sir 
Robert Long’s house to-morrow, about the money employed for 
the Fleet, on which we should have met the week before. [Jbid. 
No. 107.] 


Capt. John Narbrough to the Navy Commissioners. Is in 
Chatham river, for want of a pilot to carry the ship up; expected 
to have been supplied by the master of attendance, but the pilots 
are all out at present. Shall advertise his arrival at Chatham. 
[Zbid. No. 108.] 


Capt. Rich. Beach to the Navy Commissioners. Being ordered 


The Greenwich, for Chatham “when the merchants’ concerns are out,” asks for a 


Hope. 


Oct. 6. 


Oct. 6. 
Dublin. 


pilot. [Ibid. No. 109.] 


Thos. Goose, purser of the Sweepstakes, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. Wants an order for checking the sick book by his sea 
book, that he may have his due right, having, according to their 
orders, discharged all the sick that did not return aboard the day 
they were set ashore. [bid. No. 110.] 


Sir George Carteret to the Navy Commissioners. Has had the 
Harp frigate surveyed, and as she is unprovided for service, has 
ordered her to Kinsale, to be paid off and laid up, except any 
contrary order from them intervenes. Judges the selling of her is 
not for the King’s profit, because she is of so great charge for her 
small burden, that no merchant would offer money for her in those 
parts, where nothing is looked upon but the stowage. Has ac- 
quainted Lord Anglesey with the difficulty of getting money here, 


1668. 


Oct. 6. 


Treasury 


Chambers. 


Oct. 6. 


Woolwich. 


Oct. 6. 


Woolwich. 


Oct. 6. 
Chatham. 


Oct. 6. 
Ipswich. 


CHARLES IL 7 


and advised him what course to take to pay her off at Kinsale. 
Those that surveyed found no fault with her hull, which a little 
repair will make good. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 247, No. 111.] 


Sir George Downing to the Navy Commissioners. The Treasury 
Commissioners desire a list of the ships lately come in to be paid off, 
and of the sums requisite for their discharge, specifying how much is 
for service before provision was made by the Eleven Months’ Tax, 
how much for service during the time provided for by that 
Act, and how much since. At the foot is a list of six ships, and 
estimates that the sums due to them are—before 1 Jan. 1667, 
5,267/. 10s.; thence to 1 Jan. 1668, 10,212/. 10s.; thence to 
3 Oct. 1668, 9,625/. 15s.; total, 25,1051. 15s. [Ibid. No. 112.] 


Edw. Byland to Pepys. Asks for deals for the Pearl, and 
timber and plank for the new ship. Proposes buying that East- 
country plank at Deptford. Reports the goodness of the masts 
lately come [sent as‘a present to the King from New England]. 
[Zbid. No. 113.] Encloses, 


Particulars of the length and diameter of the said masts, 
24 in number. [Ibid. No. 1181] 


W. Hannam, master attendant at Woolwich, to the Navy 
Commissioners. Wants a boatswain appointed to the Pearl, in the 
room of the other lying ashore sick; as she is fitting for sea, asks 
whether to set the masts of the frigates there, or forbear, as the winter 
is at hand, and they will ride with more safety. [Zbid. No. 114] 


John Moore and Edw. Moorcock to Col. Thos. Middleton. Ac- 
quainted him that it was probable there were several ordnance, 
anchors, and cables scattered in the river Medway, by the burning 
and blowing up the ships when the Dutch were here, and proposed 
the terms on which they could employ persons to take them up, which 
was to have one half to themselves, excluding whatever was on 
board the wrecks they should weigh, and to have the use of a wind- 
lass lighter ; if they saved nothing, the King to be at no charge, and 
they to expect nothing. Request him, if he thinks it fitting, to propose . 
it to the Board, and to give his resolutions therein. [Jbid. No. 115.] 


Ch. Ludkin to Williamson. His Majesty passed through the 
town on Saturday, on his way from Lord Croft’s house, near Bury, 
to Landguard Fort, but did not stay; he dined yesterday at the 
Lord of Hereford’s house in this town, where they had all the 
expressions of joy possible, ringing of bells, discharging of guns, 
the steeples adorned with flags and streamers, the streets strewn 
with herbs and flowers, and echoing with the acclamations of the 
people, and prayers for his Majesty’s health and prosperity. The 
bailiffs, portmen, and commoners attended his Majesty, and pre- 
sented their mace, which they immediately received again, and 
after dinner, attended him on horseback, with the trained bands, 
out of the town. It was reported that the French and Dutch 
fleets have quarrelled in the Straits about the honour of the 
flag, and that the Dutch have sunk the French Admiral, and taken 
some of their ships. [l4 pages. Ibid. No. 116.] 


1668. 
Oct. 6. 


Newcastle. 


Oct. 7. 
Milford. 


Oct. 7. 
Milford. 


Oct. 7. 
Falmouth. 


Oct. 7. 


Falmouth. 


Oct. 7. 
Lyme. 


Oct. [7.] 


Wettmere. 


Oct. 7. 
Bury. 


Oct. 8. 


Oct. 8. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Rich. Forster to Williamson. Alderman Ralph Jenison was 
yesterday elected Mayor of the town, and his son sheriff, to the 
great satisfaction of most. ` [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 247, No. 117.] 


Jo. Powell to Hickes. A ship has arrived for Bristol, laden 
with tallow and hides; also one with sugar and cotton from the 
Barbadoes, bound for London. [Jbid. No. 118.] 


Jo. Powell to Williamson. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 
119.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. Has no news, but that the ships still 
remain in harbour. [Jbid. No. 120.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. Arrival and departure of ships. 
[Lbid. No. 121.] 


Anth. Thorold to Hickes. The Windsor, of Lyme, has arrived 
from Morlaix, and reports that the sickness still keeps in 
Rouen, and that 30 or 40 die weekly, but that it has not spread 
much further in the country; the inhabitants keep up a good 
correspondence with the English, and hope their Ambassador will 
draw them to a nearer union. [Jbid. No. 122.] 


J. Aldrich to his uncle, Rob. Francis. We apologize for brevity. 
Having this morning heard the nothingness of a long-winded 
Presbyterian, it has put us quite out of conceit of long sentences, 
so I have only to beg you to convey a letter enclosed, and to ac- 
quaint my father that we defer writing, having no business. 
[Ibid. No. 123.] 


[Lord Arlington] to Williamson. T have just come hither. I 
could not speak to the King at Saxham, nor until to-day, by reason 
of the uncertainity of his motions; I shall wait upon him early to- 
morrow, and receive his pleasure upon all the letters sent, and 
afterwards follow him to Audley End, where he means to sleep 
to-morrow night. I have written a large letter to Sir J. Trevor 
in answer to his. I send some papers. 

P.S.—8 Oct, Ihave got the King to sign the enclosed papers, but 
have not time to answer Lord Ashley, who has his Majesty’s leave 
to go into the country. [14 pages. Ibid. No. 124.] 


Ann Harper to the Navy Commissioners. Desires they will move 
his Royal Highness that her husband may resign the appointment 
of storekeeper at Chatham in favour of his eldest son, whom he has 
brought up under him. His health was much impaired by 
being at the water early and late during the war, and he has 
received small encouragement, as his salary for the last two years 
has not been paid, [Zbid. No. 125.] 


Jas. Hayes, Secretary to Prince Rupert, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. Asks for an order to the master attendant at Deptford to 
receive the Haglet ketch, lent to the Prince, Duke of Albemarle, 
and others, for an expedition to Hudson’s Bay, which has been 
abandoned through the violence of the weather. [Jbid. No. 126.] 


1668. 
Oct. 8. 


Harwich. 


CHARLES II. 9 


Capt. Silas Taylor to Pepys. The King arrived here on Saturday 
the 8rd instant at 3 p.m., from Landguard Fort, attended by the 
Henrietta and Anne yachts with his kitchen. Not having any 
boat or barge fit to receive him, I made a stage to run into the 
water, upon which he landed, and gave me his hand to kiss. The 
Duke of York was with him; he was attended by the Dukes of 
Monmouth, Buckingham, and Richmond, Earl of Oxford, Lord 
Cornwallis, Marquis of Blanquefort, &c.; he was received by Sir 
Charles Littleton and two companies of his Royal Highness’s 
regiment quartered here; then by the Mayor and Aldermen, who 
presented their maces and keys, which he touched and thanked them. 

I was then called to show him the yard, to which he first 
went, and asked whether the Resolution and Rupert were built at 
that launch, and, together with the Duke, praised it for a good 
launch ; he viewed the yard, cranes, and situation, and went up the 
works, and circuiting the greatest part of the town, returned to my 
house. He asked to whom the house belonged; I said it was his 
Majesty’s: he then asked if the storehouses in the backyard be- 
longed to it, and what was in them; I told him they were for 
naval stores; he asked what the house cost; I told him 3002., 
also how big it was, and upon being told it had 4 rooms on a 
floor, he replied it was a cheap pennyworth, and the Duke entering 
the parlour, the King said, “ Brother, this house is my house, and it 
is a pretty one.” He refused to drink, because it was supper time, 
and took boat at the stairs near, and was rowed on board the 
Henrietta while it was light, and came not ashore that night, but 
sent the Duke of Monmouth to lodge at my house; also cooks and 
others to make ready his dinner against the morrow. 

He landed alone the next day, Sunday, at 6 o’clock, and was 
waited upon by Sir. Charles Littleton and Sir Bernard de Gomme ; 
he went on foot out of the town, viewing all the places in relation 
to fortifications, and examining some drafts offered by Sir Bernard, 
which he rectified in the field at 2 or 3 stations, with his own 
hand, by a black lead pen and ruler. After a 5 miles’ walk over 
high stiles and ploughgrounds, his Royal Highness found him out, 
and after some discourse and pacing the ground, returned. The 
King then went to “his house” (as he called it 5 or 6 times that 
morning), and drank some chocolate, but his Royal Highness and 
others drank Canary, and then to church, as well attended and 
accommodated as the little town could; his chaplain, Dr. Tully, 
preached. He returned to his house to dinner, the King and his 
Royal Highness dining in the great parlour, the Dukes of Monmouth 
and Buckingham in the Duke’s lodging chamber, the other nobles 
dining in the little parlour, and the waiters in the hall. 

After dinner, the Earl of Oxford presented a petition from the 
two prisoners that had stolen junk from the hulk. The King 
pardoned them as to their lives, but ordered them a sound whipping 
and to be released. I was busy just then in the yard with Mr. 
Wren, but the King sent for me, and declared his royal pleasure to me. 
The King and most of the lords sailed that evening to Aldborough, 
and the next day, rode by land thence to Ipswich, dined with 


10 


1668. 


Oct. 8. 
Stockwith. 


Oct. 8. 


Sebergham, 
Cumberland. 


Oct. 8. 


Oct. 8. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 9. 
Letter Office, 
London. 


Oct. 9. 


Yarmouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Viscount Hereford, and returned in the afternoon to Audley End. 
[2 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II, 247, No. 127.] 


John Robinson, master of the James hoy, to the Navy Com- 
missioners. Has arrived at Stockwith to load timber, and shall 
make all the despatch he can. [Zbid. No. 128.] 


Hen. Baxter to Williamson. It was neither forgetfulness 
nor neglect that prevented my returning the money as pro- 
mised, but inability; for venturing into the air too soon has 
caused a relapse, which has prevented my following my own 
occasions, but I have found a friend who engages to return it very 
shortly. As the Bishop of London would have given me a patent 
for the Almoner’s place in Cumberland, at your entreaty, if short- 
ness of time and want of money had not forced me to leave it, I beg 
you will cause Mr. Francis to take the patent of the Bishop forme, 
and pay the fees, and I will return it with the other money in a post 
or two. I wish I could give you the least satisfaction for having 
been more than a father to me in my greatest distress. [Ibid. 
No. 129.] 


Sir Phil. Musgrave to [Williamson]. I have seen your letter to 
my son Christopher. Thank you for your advice not to have my 
business with Mr. Aglionby heard at the Council table, til) his 
Majesty is present. I have written to Lord Arlington; pray second 
me in it. I hope to make it appear, notwithstanding all the asper- 
sions cast upon me, that I am as honest as I have been accounted. 
[Ibid. No. 130.] Annexing, 


Sir P. Musgrave to Lord Arlington. Upon my petition 
to Council against Mr. Aglionby, for a scandalous order 
procured by him from the Corporation of Carlisle against 
the garrison, Aglionby was ordered to appear before Coun- 
cil on the 21st instant. Hearing that his Majesty is not 
likely to be then im town, I request that the hearing may 
be respited until his return. His Majesty should hear any 
objection against a person whom he has thought worthy of 
trust. If any crime can be proved against me, let it be as 
publicly known as is possible. I shall not be there myself, 
as I would not leave my duty wpon private concernment ; 
but my son Christopher will come, prepared to vindicate my 
reputation. If his Majesty grants my request, pray certify 
the same to the Lord Keeper or some other of the Privy 
Council in London. [Copy.] Oct. 8, 1668. [Zbid. No. 1801.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The ship built by the Dutch 
knight will be launched the end of the month; the Milford is here, 
to be fitted for sea for the winter guard. [Jbid. No. 131.] 


James Hickes to Rob. Francis. Thanks for the book sent by 
Charles [Perrot]. Encloses 20s. from Hen. Barnard for half a year’s 
intelligence, [Jbid. No. 182.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. A letter from Secretary Morice 
was read in the assembly of Aldermen and Common Council, inti- 


CHARLES II. 11 


1668. 
mating that his Majesty took notice that several persons were 
taken into offices without taking the prescribed oaths, and warning 
them to take care for the future, as this, if neglected, would create 
great mischief. There have already crept into the Common Council 
some who frequently keep the greatest conventicles in the town. 
Since Mr. Bridge’s coming, the Independent faction is grown so high 
that the Minister will be forced to lay aside the performing of his 
duty in the burial of the dead, their rudeness being such that they 
not only jeer and laugh at him, but make a noise, that he may not 
be heard ; some have been so impudent as to lay their hands on his 
book. Others, more modest, have buried their dead by stealth. 
The prayers and the thanksgiving for his Majesty’s restoration was 
torn out of the Common Prayer as it lay in the church. Their 
ringleader, Mr. Bridge, is grown so high that he threatens his 
members with excommunication if they go to hear our ministers. 
He has seduced several of late, and made them members of his 
congregation, and takes upon himself to baptize their children. 
Were our ministers, as I fear too many others are, of an evil life 
and conversation, or anyways turbulent, they might pretend some 
colour for their madness; but as the ministers have applause for 
their sober carriage, courteous behaviour, and sound doctrine, the 
grief and trouble must be at the ordinance. If some care is not taken 
to stop their madness, it may be divined what will ensue. A gentle- 
man has been sent down by the King to take a survey of the town 
which has bred the belief that his Majesty will be soon here. 
Great quantities of herrings have been brought in lately. [13 pages. 
S.P. Dom., Car. II. 247, No. 133. ] 


Oct. 9. Lord Arlington to Williamson. Arrival and despatch of letters. 
Audley Inn. I wonder anybody should imagine there needed the formality of 
entering Secretary Trevor into all the Committees of the Council 
where Secretary Morice sat, as secretaries have always sat ex officio ; 
notwithstanding, I moved his Majesty, who laughed at me for the 
doubt. The Lord Chamberlain has arrived; I will speak to him 
concerning their Majesties’ going to Cambridge, but they have both 
promised that the University shall have six days’ warning at least, 
for the preparation of their speeches. I have written to the Lord 
General, by his Majesty’s command, concerning the disposal of the 
men come from Portugal. The French Ambassadress must have 
been misinformed, else she could not possibly have taken ill her 
Majesty’s refusal to see her. Let the Prince of Ligny’s papers be 
looked out, that I may see whether it will be fit for his Majesty to 
move anything in it, or what kind of answer to make to the Prince. 
[Zbid. No. 184.] 
Oct. 9. Hen. Bridgeman, dean, and the chapter of Chester, to the King. 
Chapter House, Signify their election of Dr. John Wilkins as bishop. [Latin, 
Chester. narchment. Ibid. No. 135.] 
Oct. 9. The same to Dr. John Wilkins. Certify their election of 
Chapter House,him as their bishop, in place of George Hall, deceased; have 
Chester. signified the same to the King. [Latin. 14 pages. Ibid. 
No. 136.] 


12 


1668. 
Oct. 9. 


Oct. 9. 


Oct. 9. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Presentation of John Hacket to the rectory of Theberton, co. 
Suffolk. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 85.] 


Licence to John, Viscount Mordaunt, to travel beyond seas for the 
benefit of his health. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 85.] 


Capt. John Narbrough to Sam. Pepys. Is waiting for a fair 


Bonadventure, wind, the pilot being unwilling to remove without it. The guns 


Ockamness, 
Chatham. 


Oct. 9. 


[Navy] 
Treasury 
Office. 


Oct. 9. 


Oct. 9. 
Navy Office. 


Oct. 9. 


Oct. 9. 
The Harp, 
Dublin. 


Oct. 10. 
The Roebuck, 
Portsmouth. 


Oct. 10. 
The Edgar, 
Kingroad. 


are nearly out, but vessels are here wanting for that business. 
Desires them to give 120 tickets to his purser, Thos. Smith, who 
has written that they require the captain’s hand for them. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. TI. 247, No. 137.] 

R. Waith to the Navy Commissioners. Received their commands 
by a woman, with a list of 8 persons’ names; she was busy in- 
quiring whether their tickets were paid or not; his books not being 
made up, could not answer her till to-day. Needed not so sharp 
a provocation to despatch, as of all people busied with tickets, 
no one is less subject to indulge corrupt interests than himself. Gives 


a list of tickets of 8 seamen, with the amount due to each, We. 
[Ibid. No. 138.] 


Return by Benj. Boate of 6 calkers who were pressed for the 
yard at Portsmouth, but have not appeared at the carrier's who 
was to be at Portsmouth yard on the 15th. [Jbid. No. 139.] 


T. Hayter to Mr. Reynolds. Pray certify the names of the 
surgeons put in bills for the Hagle and Roe ketches. With note 
by R. Rfeynolds] Thos. Stanford removing to the Newcastle at 
sea, Thos. Robson’s name was put into the bill, but he not at- 
tending, and John Hoybin coming into the ship, he and Mr. Selby 
for him received the free gift and imprest; also that Rob. Stylots, 
of the Roe ketch, is to receive the money on the bills of 
29 November, 1666. [Zbid. No. 140.] 


Certificate by J. Wren, that Nich. Hill, commander of the Spy 
sloop, has cleared his victualling account, from 31 May to 20 July 


1668, and. was allowed no extra necessary money thereon. [Jbid. 
No. 141.] 


Capt. Robert Hooper to the Navy Commissioners. By Sir G. 
Carteret’s order, has had the ship surveyed ; she is found weak and 
worse than he took her to be; supposes the survey has come 
to their hands. Received their orders to sail to Kinsale, and lay the 
ship up there, but she is not in a condition to go without repair, 
and her victuals are expended. The purser has supplied provisions 
hitherto, for which he is not yet satisfied, and thereby they are now 
obstructed. With note that the book was sent to Lord Brouncker’s 
office the 31st. [Zbid, No. 142.] 


Capt. George Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. Shall make 
his way for Ireland. Capt. Tinker has ordered him another 


cable, his being bad ; only waits till the provisions are put on board. 
[Ibid. No. 143.] 


Capt. John Wettwang to the Navy Commissioners. Has bought 
most of the small things for the carpenter’s stores, and the rest are 
making; the value will amount to 40l, which they may order 


1668. 


Oct. 10. 
Audley Inn. 


Oct. 10. 


Harwich. 


Oct. 10. 


Harwich. 


Oct. 10. 


Portsmouth, 


Oct. 10. 


Oct. 


CHARLES II. 13 


of Sir John Knight, of whom he has received 4 anchors and 6 guns. 
Hopes to be ready for the first fair wind; is only waiting for a 


little ballast. Has 216 men on board. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 247, 
No. 144.] 


_ M. Wren to Pepys. His Royal Highness having given me 
leave to stay two or three days at Ipswich with my relations, I 
only returned to Court last night. Iwill reply to the Commissioners 
letters on returning to town. The Duke has commanded me to send 
you orders to Capt. Shepherd to bring back Sir T. Bond, who has 
gone to-day to Calais with little Mr. Hyde; I hope this will come 
time enough to keep him there, and prevent the necessity of send- 
ing another yacht for him. I fear the Dartmouth has not yet left 
the Downs and gone on her voyage; I beseech you to quicken her, 
as it is of great importance to the security of the Canary trade that 
she does not lose a minute’s time ; I hope she is gunned and manned 
as in time of war. With note that this came after the Monmouth 
yacht was gone. [Jbid. No. 145.] Enclosing, 


M. Wren to Capt. Shepherd, commander of the Duke of York's 
yacht, the Anne. You are to stay at Calais for Sir Thos. 
Bond, who intends to be there on the 16th, and to bring him, 
with what he shall put on board, to England.—Audley Inn, 
Oct. 10, 1668. [Zbid. No. 1451.] 


Capt. Silas Taylor to Pepys. The hulk must be calked if 
she stays here the winter, and have new cables. Has only three 
labourers, except those hired by days on emergency. The muster 
boat and many things, both in yard and housing, are so much 
out of repair, that they will be damaged this winter ; the wharfings 
need filling with earth, the windows glazing, and the wall and 
chimneys repairing, &c. [Jbid. No. 146.] 


Certificate by Wm. Garrard, mayor, John Hunter, justice, and two 
aldermen of Harwich, that according to the order of Aubrey, Earl 
of Oxon, at the foot of the petition of Wm. Shymous and Rich. 
Harris, sent to his Majesty when at Harwich, they have caused 
the two prisoners to be whipped in the public market-place, and 
discharged them, and that the junk stolen is returned into the 
stores. [Zbid. No. 147. See p. 9, supra.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners, Is in hand with 
the Milford; she will be ready on Monday to take in provisions, 
if the commander comes down. The 16 calkers promised are 
not come; desires their despatch, also orders as to the work to 
be performed in calking, repairs, etc., on the fleet here, to keep the 
ships from rotting. Wants a supply of broom, deals, and wainscot. 
[2 pages. Ibid. No. 148.] 


Grant to Thos. Lamplugh, D.D., of the place of Dean of Ripon, 
void by promotion of Dr. Wilkins to the Bishopric of Chester. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 85.] 


Docquet of the above, dated 17 Oct. ([Docquet, Vol. 23, 
No. 368.] 


14 


1668. 
Oct. 10. 


Oct. 10. 


Oct. 


Oct. 10. 
Whitehall. 


Oct. 10. 
Audley End. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Warrant to pay out of the privy seal dormant 200/. to Arthur 
Berkely, as the King’s free gift. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 30, f. 85.] 


Privy seal for 5,0007. to Sir Stephen Fox, for a secret service of 
much importance. Minute. [lbid. f. 85.] : 


Docquet of the above, dated 17 Oct. [Docquet, Vol, 23, No. 274.] 


Petition of Rich. Annis, clerk, to the King, for a presentation to 
the rectory of Lawshall, Suffolk. Was presented to it in May last 
by Sir John Lea, patron, on the death of Edw. Brewster, the — 
last incumbent ; was inducted, and is in actual possession, but has 
since been informed that, at the time of the presentation, the said 
Sir John Lea was outlawed for debt, and could not lawfully 
present. With reference thereon to Lord Keeper Bridgman, and 
his report, 20 Oct., 1668, that his Majesty may grant the petitioner’s 
request. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 247, No. 149.] Annexed, 


Certificate by Jo. Clark, LL.D., and 4 other clergymen in 
favour of the said petitioner.—Oct. 17, 1668. [Latin. Ibid. 
No. 1491.] 


Jo. Richards to Williamson. You are to wait on my Lord of 
Bath, and express Lord Arlington’s sorrow for his indisposition. I 
send a paper to be inserted in the Gazette, concerning a horse lost. 
Monsieur Schomberg has gone to London, with letters for the Lord 
General and Sir John Trevor, and a packet for you. The King 
and Lord Arlington arrived at Audley End on Thursday last; 
his Majesty and the Duke of York are this morning gone a-hunt- 
ing; the King intends for Newmarket again on Wednesday. 
Lord Ormond and the Duke of Buckingham having stayed behind 
at Newmarket, were sent for by express, in order to complete 
further instructions to Sir Wm. Temple. Order Mr. Francis to 
send some Gazettes, as all here are clamorous for them. ([Jbid. 


No. 150.] 


Oct. 10. 
Milford. 


Oct. 10. 
Weymouth. 


John Powell to Hickes. No fresh ships have arrived; those 
already here wait for a fair wind to carry them to their ports. 
[Ibid. No. 151.] 


John Pocock to Hickes. I am advised, by a vessel from Morlaix, 
that the uninfected places in Normandy petitioned the French 


_ King for leave to go to the fairs in Brittany about their occasions, 


Oct. 10. 


Bristol. 


but that the answer was a sharp edict, strictly prohibiting any 
person, upon pain of death, or the penalty of having their goods 
burnt, to come or be brought out of any places in Normandy, so 
that all commerce is utterly destroyed between them. A great 
frigate which is to carry 116 guns has been launched at Brest, and 
5 more are on the stocks. [Zbid. No. 152.] 


Jo. Fitzherbert to Williamson. The Amity from Nevis, laden 
with sugar, &c., reports that there has been an earthquake at some 
of the Caribbee Islands, which makes them fear a hurricane, that 
being usually the forerunner of it. The French refuse to restore 
St. Christopher’s to the proprietors, according to the Articles of 
Peace, and demand 2,000 cwt. of sugar first, which the planters 


1668. 


Oct. 10. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 11, 
Deal. 


Oct. 11. 
Audley End. 


Oct. 11. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 11. 


Portsmouth, 


Oct. 11. 
The Mary Rose. 


Oct. 11. 


~ Portsmouth 
Ropeyard. 


CHARLES II. - 15 


refuse to pay. A coaster belonging to Tenby is reported to be 
cast away in the Channel with 11 passengers. The Edgar, 
that was lately built at Brigtol, is in Kingroad, well manned, &c., 
and ready to embrace the first fair wind, as also many ships bound 
for most of the considerable ports, Sir Thos. Allin with his fleet 
put into Malaga, a month since, and sailed the next day for Algiers, 
having a few days before ordered some men-of-war to cruise about 


Sally. [S.P.Dom., Car. II. 247, No. 153.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to Williamson. I will send answers to your 
queries by the next post, as they ask more time to write than my 
business will allow me to spare. [Jbid. No. 154.] ; 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. I have delivered the 2 packets for 
Lisbon, A French merchant ship is in the Downs, bound for 
London, but is not permitted to pass, having been there only 2 days. 
As you hear of the arrival of ships from the Post Office, I refrain 
from sending any account. [Jbid. No. 155.] 


Lord Arlington to [Williamson]. I have received your letters, 
but have not heard from Sec. Trevor as promised; I return several 
papers signed, as also the King and his Royal Highness’s letters 
for France, which you are to send to Lord St. Albans. I will 
speak to the Lord Lientenant [of Ireland] about Barker’s pre- 
tended land ; if Barker’s receipt for the money Sir Dan. Bellingham 
is to pay me be not sufficient, you are to give your own also, and 
frame such a discharge as he would have from me. The money 
is sent by Rob. Leigh from Ireland, but without the formality 
of a bill. [Zbid. No. 156.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Mary Rose and Antelope 
have arrived at Spithead with the soldiers from Lisbon, but they 
are not permitted to land till they have an order from the Lord 
General. These 2 ships are bound for the Thames, having above 
300,000 pieces of eight for several merchants of London. Col. 
[Rich.] Nicholls has arrived in a Dutch ship from his Government at 
New England, and has gone to London, leaving all there in good 
condition. [Zbid. No. 157.] 


Capt. John Tinker, master attendant, to Pepys. The Roebuck 
has lost no time, has all things aboard, and will sail by the 
first fair wind. The Mary Rose and Antelope have arrived at 
Spithead, and both want necessaries. Prays a dormant order for 
supplying ships with stores in case of exigency, and also an 
order to enter men on board to fit out the Milford, and fit the 
rigging, and for a boatswain for the new flying ship, as they talk 
of launching her in 6 or 7 weeks. [1} pages, damaged. Ibid. 
No. 158.] 

Capt. Thos. Darcy to the Navy Commissioners, Asks for a 


supply of cables and sails. Has had none of the sails ordered for 
him on board the Monmouth. [Ibid. No. 159.] 


Gr. Peachy, clerk of the ropeyard, to the Navy Commissioners. 
Report on the wet state of Mr. Acworth’s hemp, brought from 
Woolwich by Capt. Dudley Hooper, in the Expedition. Has 


16 


1668. 


Oct. 12. 


London. 


Oct. 12. 
Pulborough. 


Oct. 12. 
Woolwich. 


Oct. 12. 
Woolwich. 


Oct. 12. 
The Lenos, 
Holehaven. 


Oct. 12. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 12. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS, 


already given an account of the damage it received by the wet, and 
of what was rotten and not fit for the service. Endorsed with an 
order 3 Nov. from the Navy Commissioners, that the freight is to 
be allowed for what he received on board, abating the value of 
what was damaged, or delivered short.—Nov. 3, 1668. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 247, No. 160.] 


Edw. Dering to Pepys. I send authenticated copies of orders 
received from my factors at Hamburg, relating to goods provided 
for the service, and lost in the Hamburg fleet in May 1665, for 
which I want satisfaction ; they have been delayed by my abserice 
from town. I am going a journey into Suffolk which will detain 
me 14 days; after that I shall make bold to kiss your hand, and 
promise myself a despatch of this business. Endorsed with a list 
of the letters, &c., enclosed, which were delivered to Mr. Pointer, 
22 Oct. 1668. [Zbid. No. 161.] 


Chr. Coles to the Navy Commissioners. Shall dispose of none of 
his provisions fit for the service until he has waited on them, which 
cannot be till next week, though he could get a larger price than 
their Honours will give him. With assistance of money, can furnish 
as good as any man they deal with, if he knows to provide before- 
hand. Is shipping the best plank in Sussex for Portsmouth, and 
can furnish them with all sorts of tree nails, as good as any man in 
England. With note that the answer is referred to his coming to 
town. [Ibid. No. 162.] 


Wm. Acworth to the Navy Commissioners. I send an account of 
16 old longboats and pinnaces, sold to Mr. Wood at a public sale at 
Deptford; they were appraised at 10s. each, though worth much 
more, by Capt. Hannam, who delivered 9 of them without my 
privity, or that of any other officers, and said he would answer for 
it. I send measurements of the 7 remaining. I have delivered 
the old spun yarn to gunners for wadding. [Jbid. No. 163.] 


Abra. Ansley and 4 other officers at Woolwich, appointed to 
weigh the wrecks, to the Navy Commissioners, Desire they may” 
discharge 4 of the vessels they have for weighing the wrecks, which 
are too weak, and engage 4 others larger and more fit for the pur- 
pose, in case they cannot be done without. [Zbid. No. 164.] 


Capt. John Holmes to the Navy Commissioners. Has brought 
the Lenox into her station, and desires further order and 4 addi- 


tional men, having only 10. [Jbid. No. 165.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. The Milford 
being graved and near fitted, will go off the ground. Is getting the 
Dartmouth ashore for graving. Is in great want of many things 
mentioned in his last demand, but above all of 3-inch plank, on 
which most of the works of that place depend. [Ibid. No. 166.] 


Capt. Walter Perry to the Navy Commissioners. The Lenoza 


The Emsworth, has arrived. Has stopped two English ships from Newhaven, but 


Holehaven. 


they had nothing but ballast. They clamour to be freed before their 
40 days are over; cannot do this without their Honours’ order, and 


1668. 


Oct. 12. 
Audley End. 


Oct. 12. 
Letter Office. 


Oct. 12. 


Pendennis. 


Oct. 12. 


Swansea. 


ae AD: 
Hull. 


Och. Lo: 


West Horsley. 


Oct. 12. 


Oct. 12. 
Weymouth. 


79389, 


CHARLES Il. 17 


there are 2 others, who have stayed out their 40 days’ quarantine, 
and gone up for London. Asks for a supply of provisions, and hopes 
they will be more kind in the next, as the beef and pork from 
Deptford were very bad. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 247, No. 167.] 


Lord Arlington to Williamson. I have given an account to Sir 
J. Trevor of his Majesty’s resolutions to be sent to Sir Wm. Temple. 
The Queen resolves to go back to London on Thursday, finding 
herself indisposed. [Zbid. No. 168.] 


James Hickes to Williamson. The mails are delayed. Is pre- 
paring to wait on him, though late. [Jbid. No. 169.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. All the vessels outward bound laden 
with pilchards have sailed, and not one has arrived this fortnight. 


[Ibid. No. 170.] 


John Man to Williamson. There has been violent weather for 
15 days. A Tenby bark, bound for Bristol with corn, was run on 
shore at Rosilly, near Swansea, and split in pieces ; 8 passengers were 
lost, and the cargo of corn ; more wrecks are feared. [Zbid. No. 171.] 


Chas. Whittington to Williamson. The Greenland traders in 
Holland have had such bad fortune in their fishing that rape seed 
rises apace, and great quantities are shipped for Holland, 4 ves- 
sels partly laden therewith having already sailed, and more 
daily making ready. Two vessels have sailed for Bordeaux with 
coals, lead, and butter, and 2 arrived from Bordeaux wholly laden 
with prunes, rosin, and vinegar, a thing never known in the port of 
Hull before ; also a vessel from the Zierik-See for lampones [lam- 
preys ?], which are in abundance in Hull, and very cheap, but no 
vent, that trade in this port not being known; therefore I am to 
desire you that it may be published. A quarrel happened between 
2 common soldiers; in the dispute, one of them was slain, and the 
survivor is committed to custody. [Zbid. No. 172.] 


Sir Edw. Nicholas to Williamson. I thank you for the return of 
all my books of entries.* I recommend my steward, Knowles, a 
ready and able man, for employment as a clerk, and will become 
security for his fidelity and industry. I would have written before, 
but have been suffering from a tedious attack of the gout. [Jbid. 
No. 173.] 


Sir John Bennet to Williamson. The master of the Dutch packet 
boat was not arrested by any of my office, but by a common informa- 
tion, and by the Act, anyone has liberty to do it for transgressing 
the law; but the Ambassador, to get him free, would put it upon 
another account. I know my brother [Lord Arlington] will not, 
nor may, release any thus attached ; if desired he may be bailed, 
but he must stand the suit. [Zbid. No. 174.] 


John Pocock to James Hickes. A Dartmouth ship has been 
forced into the road, with fish from Newfoundland. She was 


* These are probably Nicholas’s letter books as Secretary of State, which are missing 


from the State Paper collections.—Ep. 
B 


18 


1668. 


Oct. 13. 


Oct. 13. 


Audley End. 


Oct. 13. 


Teddington. 


Oct. 13. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 13. 
Milford. 


Oct. 13. 
[Oct. 13.] 


Oct. 13. 
Oct. 13. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 13. 
Ordnance 
Office. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


intended for a market in Portugal, but being forced away before 
she had taken in all her lading, she came direct for England. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 247, No. 175.] 


Jo. Carlile to Williamson. Lord Mordaunt, with one servant, 
has gone to Calais. The Calais and Nieuport packet boats have 
arrived. The contagion continues at Dieppe and Rouen. I will send 
the remainder of the accounts, which Mr. Blayney pretends are not 
accounted for, by which you will see that Blayney is in error, and 
has put me to 501. charge, besides the loss of time. [bid. No. 176.] 


W. Perwich to Williamson. No more letters must be sent, as 
Lord Arlington will be in town to-morrow. The Queen is better, 
but holds to her resolution of being at Whitehall on Saturday night. 
The King goes to Newmarket to-morrow. [Jbid. No. 177.] 


Lord Keeper Bridgeman to [Williamson]. I have imparted the 
contents of the packet sent to Sir J. Trevor, and with his consent, have 
added something to his letter to Sir W. Temple enclosed, which 
answers his last 3 letters, except as to the Marine Treaty. I cannot 
give instructions thereon until Lord Arlington’s return, nor then 
without consulting the Council of Trade (whose commission is not 
yet passed), or some other merchants, for the States will expect that 
the English should put in all their demands at once, and those 
already made only proceed from the East India Company. I will 
be in town on Saturday, to attend Lord Arlington. [Jbid. No. 178.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Col. Nicholls only went for Lon- 
don yesterday, not being able to despatch his things ashore till then. 
The officers of the soldiers that came from Lisbon remain at Ports- 
mouth, no order having come for their disposal. Consul Maynard 
is also come with the Mary Rose and Antelope from Lisbon, and is 
bound for London. The Dartmouth frigate is fitting for the 
Canaries. [Ibid. No. 179.] 


John Powell to James Hickes. No news worth presenting. 
[Zbid. No. 180.] 


John Powell to Williamson. To the same effect. [Ibid. No. 181.] 


Warrant to pay to Thos. Elliott, housekeeper of the house lately 
bought by the King at Newmarket, 3007. for his charges in keeping 
the house, airing the rooms, &., from the time it was bought to 
Michaelmas last. [Draft. Ibid. No. 182. Repeated on p. 83 infra.] 


Minute of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 80, p. 88.] 


Capt. John Tinker to Sam. Pepys. The Dartmouth arrived 
at Spithead, and will be off again with all possible despatch ; 
hopes they have ordered her provisions. Capt. Liddell has sailed 
with the Roebuck for Cowes. Asks for a supply of candles. 
[Damaged. S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 247, No. 183.] 


Edw. Sherburne to Pepys. Desires a list of all the King’s 
frigates, ketches, fireships, or other hired vessels that have been 
either taken by the Dutch, burnt, or sunk, from the beginning 
of the late Dutch war to the end. [Zbid. No. 184.] 


1668. 
Oct. 13. 


Kinsale. 


Oct. 13, 


Bonadventure, 


Oct. 14 


London. 


Oct. 14. 


Yarmouth. 


Oct. 14. 


Oct. 
Oct. 14. 


Oct. 14. 


Oct. 14. 
Falmouth, 


Oct. 14. 


CHARLES IIl. 19 


Capt. Wm. Poole to the Navy Commissioners. I was forced at 
Vintry, in Ireland, to supply both the Crown and the Norwich with 
provisions upon my own credit. The ships are incapacitated to 
keep at sea, for want of sails and rigging. I have been disappointed 
in my hopes of a supply out of the King’s stores here to carry me 
home, and have been obliged to run into debt for them; I hope to 
be reimbursed on my arrival. Iam in great distress for a cable, 
and cannot be supplied although it were to save the ship, not- 
withstanding there be some here. I am only waiting for wind to 
carry me to the Downs. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 247, No. 185.] 


Capt. John Narbrough to the Navy Commissioners. I am at 
Ockam Ness in Chatham river, but detained by westerly winds; I 
will get the ship up to her moorings, the first opportunity. The 
guns are mostly out, but there is no officer here to receive them. 


[Zbid. No. 186.] 


Wm. Newland, purser of the Barbadoes Merchant, to the Navy 
Commissioners. You will be sensible, by the papers and certificates 
annexed, of my indigent condition, through the unwarrantable deal- 
ings of my captain. By the certificate of Thos. Lewis, I am debtor 
1461. 4s. 6d., and creditor for 42 tons of cask and 116 iron hoops ; 
but these belong to the Royal Company, and I am accountable for 
them. As to the extravagant exhausting of the provisions, I pre- 
sent my affidavit, and desire you to dispose of me as shall seem 
just, not having exposed any to my own use. Having had my 
papers detained, I could not act as authentically as required. [Ibid. 
No. 187.] 


John Huntington and Wm. Williamson to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. Arrived with their hoys, the Adam and Eve and Black 
Dog, in Yarmouth Roads on the 9th inst., and put into the pier 
through bad weather; will depart the first opportunity. [Jbid. 
No. 188.] 

Royal assent for Dr. ‘Wilkins to be Bishop of Chester, in place of 
Dr. [George] Hall, late Bishop. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 
19, p. 85.] 

Docquet of the above, dated Oct. 17. [Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 268.] 


Note that Rob. Gilbert and Edw. Fray, being in John Blundell’s 
custody, entered into a recognizance in 100., with securities, for 
their appearance on notice, to answer the charge against them by 
the Postmaster-General. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 28, p. 18.] 


Pass for Sir Mark D’Ognaté to come to England. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 85.] 

Thos. Holden to Williamson. A commission sat at Penrhyn last 
week, for examining persons about embezzlement of prize goods, 
during the wars. A privy seal is reported to be coming down, 
which causes much talk. The winds have been so tempestuous 
that no ships have sailed ; one coming in from Wales, laden with 
coals, was cast away. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 247, No. 189.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 190.] 
B 2 


20 


1668. 


Oct. 14. 
Bristol. 


Oct. 14. 


Oct. 15. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 15. 
Chatham. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


James Baskerville to Williamson. The Unity from Cadiz reports 
that they of Sally have 4 or 5 men-of-war out at sea, of which one 
is the John pink of Bristol, lately taken by them, and fitted with 
10 guns. Capt. Rooth is plying before the bar there with 2 of 
his Majesty’s ships, and doubts not but he will light upon some of 
them coming home. Several ships are in the port of Bristol ready 
to sail, of which the Edgar is one. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 247, 
No. 191.] 


Certificate by Sir Rob. Long that his Majesty, by privy 
seal, 30 Sept. 1661, directed the payment of 3,000/. to Mary 
Greaves, as a free gift out of the Exchequer, of which only 
1,7007. has been paid. [Copy. Ibid. No. 192.) Anneaxing, 


Memorandum stating that there was an assignment wnder 
Lord Berkshires hand, 24 July 1662, to Dame Mary Graves, 
of his Majesty’s patent of 12 April 1661 for 8,0001., charged 
upon the Receiver of Yorkshire, at 1,0001. a year, in con- 
sideration of 5,0001. in hand paid and acknowledged. Also 
another assignment of the same to T. H., dated 21 Dec. 1667, 
to be void upon payment tohim of 1501. Alvo a letter of 
attorney from Lord Berkshire to Lady Greaves, dated 
24 July 1662, to receive bonds and perform covenants. 
Also an attested bond from him, 21 Oct. 1668, under a 
penalty of 7,4001., to pay 3,7001. on 23 Jan. then ensuing. 
[Zbid. No. 1921.] i 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. I sent my man to look after 
your horse, which is at the Antelope inn; it is a bay colt and well 
attended to; I desire directions as to its disposal. The soldiers 
that came from Lisbon have been landed, and 70 of them are taken 
into the garrison—viz, 10 in each of the 7 companies; the officers 
and the rest of the soldiers will go to London, to be entertained in 
the Guards. The troopers also march for London, their horses 
being left behind at Lisbon. Some of them, being drunk, affronted 
the Governor, Sir Phil. Honeywood, and 3 were committed to the 
Marshal, one whereof was ordered to be put in irons. The Mary 
Rose and Antelope remain at Portsmouth till the wind will allow 
their sailing for the Thames; the Roebuck is in Stokes Bay, 
having been fitted to fetch Lady Orrery from Ireland, and then 
return hither. The Dartmouth frigate is getting ready to sail for 


the Canaries, and the Milford for the winter guard. [Ibid. 
No. 193.] 


John Moore and Capt. Edw. Moorcock to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. We are endeavouring to gain good fastening to the third 
wreck, and in a week’s time shall be able to lift at her, and hope — 
to have her ashore. We beg an order to the master shipwright to 
caulk the flyboat, which leaks in the upper deck, as the rain will 
prove bad for the lodgings of the men. The victualler’s agent 
here seems not yet to have received an order to complete the residue 
of our fresh meat. [Jbid. No. 194] 


CHARLES II. 21 


1668. 

Oct. 15. Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. We graved the 

Portsmouth. Milford as soon as you ordered her to be fitted for the winter guard. 
If his Royal Highness has no occasion to use her, she is put into a 
good condition of preservation, which is all the loss that can happen. 
We have hauled off the Dartmouth, and will give all possible 
despatch to the rest of her works, and hope you will order her to 
proceed on her voyage. Particulars of a new ship building. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. II. 247, No. 195.] 


Oct. 15. Edw. Ridgway, purser of the Victory, to the Navy Commis- 

Faversham. sioners. Iam informed that you are dissatisfied with me for not 
giving due attendance upon you and to my business. I have been 
under a fever and ague 17 months, but am better, and hope in a 
fortnight or 3 weeks’ time to wait upon you, and despatch my 
business. [Jbid. No. 196.] 


Oct. 15. Capt. John Narbrough to the Navy Commissioners. I have got 
Bonadventure, my ship up to Gillingham Reach, and hope by the next tide to 


ea have her up to her moorings. [Jbid. No. 197.] 
Oct. 16. Same to the same. I have brought my ship to her moorings at 
4 labial Chatham. [Jbid. No. 198.] 
atham. 


Oct. 16. Col. Thos. Middleton to Sam. Pepys. Coming hither this 

Woolwich. morning, I found 20 house-carpenters walking about the yard, 
having no man to look after them, as the foreman appointed never 
comes near. They are a company of shabby fellows, that cannot 
earn 4d. a day by their labour, being old men or boys, and it is a 
pity the King should be at the charge of such as can do little, and 
will do nothing. They desire to be discharged; I desire orders 
therein. Mr. Byland cannot prevail on them to work, and the 
overseer never comes near. With note, 17 October, that Sir John 
Mennes hourly expects money for discharging men in the yards, and 
undertook to begin with these. [Zbid. No. 199.] 


Oct. 16. Same to the same. John Clarke has served in the timber 
Woolwich. he was under contract for, and offers to sell 200 loads more, specially 
good, at 58s. a load. [Zbid. No. 200.] 


Oct. 16. Wm. Bodham, clerk of the ropeyard, to the Navy Commissioners. 

Woolwich The walk, 1,018 feet by 16, wbere cables used to be laid, having 

Ropeyard. been many years floored with planks from old ships, wants repair. 
The House de Swede being to be broken up, some of her timber 
might be ordered in for that work ; short pieces as well as long 
will turn to account in the repair. [Jbid. No. 201.] 


Oct. 16. Rich. Bower to Williamson. Two vessels bound for Rotterdam 

Yarmouth. put back by contrary winds; a Yarmouth vessel from Rotterdam 
arrived, laden with merchant goods; great quantities of herrings 
have been brought into the town the last few days. [Zbid. 
No. 202.) 


Oct. 16. Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Has no news; agues and fevers 
Deal. prevail much. [Zbid. No. 203.1 


22 


1668. 


Oct. 16, 
Plymouth. 


Oct. 16. 


Inner Temple. 


Oct. 16. 


Oct alive 


Chester. 


Oct. 17. 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


John Clarke to Hickes. Has just returned from Exeter very 
weary ; has no news, begs to be excused writing to Williamson. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 247, No. 204.] 


Wm. Church to Williamson. Mr. Baker has solicited me to beg 
that Barker may be permitted to go abroad, notwithstanding any 
matter against him at the suit of Major Bill; I will acquaint the 
warden with it, and have it done if it can be with safety to the 
warden, but I doubt there are other things against him; I will go 
to the prison in the morning to be satisfied. [lbid. No. 205.] 


Extract from a letter that a ship has arrived in the Texel from 
Keurassoa [Curagoa ?], the master of which reports that he met a 
Turkish privateer of 12 gunsin the Bristol Channel, with 2 English 
ships taken prize, and that he was twice forced into England by 
the said privateer. The 5 Spanish ships arrived at Ostend with 
1,200 men from Spain were engaged near Cape Finisterre by 
5 Turkish men-of-war, but being seconded by some English men- of- 
war, the Turks left them. [Zbid. No. 206.] 


Ma. Anderton to Williamson. Yesterday the Right Hon. Charles, 
Earl of Derby, Alderman of this city, was elected Mayor, nemine 
contradicente, and sworn in accordingly. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 248, 
No. 1.] 


Letter of news to Sir Edw. Hales, M.P., Sittingbourne; Kent ; 
being extracts from letters calendared above, and from the follow- 
LNs 

We hear that on Aug. 1, there happened a hurricane at Barbadoes, 
which blew a ketch ashore, sunk several boats of sugar, tumbled 
down the corn, and tossed it up and down the island. Lieut.- 
General Willoughby, with Col. Byam, and all their attendants, 
embarked for Antigua, intending to touch at St. Vincent’s, Domi- 
nica, and Montserrat, so that it is feared they have had their 
share of the effect of it to the leeward. The town that was lately 
burnt runs up apace. The Assembly of Barbadoes have sent an 
address to his Majesty, praying a supply of guns and ammunition, 
which have been sent, as also several privileges for the advantage 
of the island. 

His Royal Highness came to town on Tuesday, and the Queen 
on Thursday. 

A vessel from Malaga reports that Capt. Rooth met a Sally 
man-of-war with an Ostend prize, which he engaged and took with 
the prize. 

Dieppe remains free from the plague, the people being removed 
from the 4 infected houses, and the goods burnt. 

The Lunenburg forces that were designed for Candia, finding 
that their obstinacy will not take with the States, who have so 
disposed their affairs as to force them, in case they shall refuse 
the service, have now dissembled a willingness to go. There 
is a discourse that orders are given to their Admiralty to equip 
ships to give themselves satisfaction for the pretences they have 


CHARLES II. 23 


1668. 
upon Portugal, for moneys unpaid by the last agreement. The 
people believe that the revolt of the Count of Bentheim was by the 
contrivance of the Bishop of Munster, and that by the instigation 
of France. 

The new election in Poland is expected in January. Meantime ` 
notice is given to all foreign ministers, that they ought, by the 
fundamental laws of that kingdom, to retire to their masters, 
upon which they are upon their departure. Many of the nobility 
seem inclined to choose the Great Duke of Moscow, although the 
Czar seems not much to mind it; but the more sober part of the 
grandees are for the Duke of Newburg, who it is thought will 
carry it, the clergy standing generally for him. 

The Earl of Northumberland died on the 13th, and it is con- 
fidently affirmed that Lord Lexington is dead also. 

The Turks have opened a breach of near 50 paces in Fort St. 
Andrew in Candia, but were beaten off with petards, to the loss of 
4,000 or 5,000, and not above 3 of the besieged. General Morosini 
is gone for Candia, with 100 gold chains and medals to be disposed 
of according to merit. 

There are many complaints as to Algiers ships taking the French, 
but they deport themselves fair enough to the English; the reason 
may be the advice they receive of Sir Thos. Allin’s coming, as 
they were very inquisitive whether he was coming to those seas, and 
being informed that he is, said they were glad, and hoped they 
should come to a true understanding. 

The Tripolines made ill use of the absence of the English Consul, 
and took 2 English ships, but a visit by Sir Thos. Allin will make 
even accounts. 

The prebend of Exeter, void by advancement of Dr. Wilkins to 
the Bishopric of Chester, is bestowed on Mr. Bold, chaplain to 
Lord Arlington. 

The fishery at Newfoundland and Yarmouth has been very 
good this year. 

The commission appointing Prince Rupert Constable of Windsor 
Castle has passed the Privy Seal. 

On the 16th, the herald and officers at arms went into the chapel 
of Westminster where the body of Sir Wm. Waller was interred, 
and took down the arms and trophies that were set up in honour 
of him by his relations, they being false and beyond his quality. 

His Majesty has returned to Whitehall from Audley End, and as 
the foot guards that attended him there are marching hither, it 
is thought he will not return thither. [8 pages. SP. Dom., 
Car. IT, 248, No. 2.] 


Oct. 17. Reference to Sir Hen. de Vic, Chancellor of the Garter, of the 
petition of Capt. Edmund Barber, for the place of a poor knight of 
Windsor, void by death of Capt. Punchion, Newans since admitted 
being uncapable of the place, because married. With note for 
Barber’s admission. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, p. 71.] 


Oct. 17. Warrant to John Lord Robartes, Keeper of the Privy Seal, to 
Westminster. draw up an order to the Keeper of the Great Seal for a patent 


24. 


1668. 


Oct. 17. 


Oct. 17. 


Oct-17. 
Ordnance 
Office. 


Oct. 17. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


granting to Dr. Thos. Lamplugh the Deanery of Ripon, void by 
promotion of Dr. Wilkins to the Bishopric of Chester. [Parchment. 
Latin. K.P. Dom., Car. TI. 248, No. 3.] 


Grant to Rob. Swan of 80l. a year, for faithful service to 
the King in his escape after the battle of Worcester. [Docquet, 
Vol. 23, No. 268.] 


Abstract by P[epys] of warrants, letters, and orders issued 
between 10 Dec. 1667 and 19 Sept. 1668, with respect to hemp 
purchased of Sir John Shaw, which was found not answerable to 
his contract, but for which the Board finally determined that they 
would give 25l. per ton, instead of 39l. as asked by Sir John Shaw. 

[24 pages. SP. Dom., Car. II. 248, No. 4.] 


Jonas Moore and Edw. Sherburne to the Navy Commissioners. 
The captain of the Bonadventure complains of being delayed 
because no ordnance clerk was there to take the gunner’s stores. 
One of our clerks has been at Chatham since Monday, but the 
masters of attendance being both away, the guns were not taken out 
tillthe 15th. The clerk was there to receive the gunner’s stores, but 
the master and pilot declared they would not let them go, for fear 
the ship should prove too light to turn up through the wrecks; we 
have therefore taken as much care as in us lies, to prevent any 
growing charge. We shall endeavour the same in the rest of the 
ships coming up, only desire that no stop or neglect may be iu the 
master of attendance to take the guns out, which generally is the 
occasion of stop, if any there be. [Zbid. No. 5.] 


Capt. John Narbrough to the Navy Commissioners. I have ever 


Bonadventure, given my attendance on board, and John Gorely, the pilot, has not 


near 
Upnor Castle, 
Chatham. 


Oct. 17. 


Harwich. 


Oct. 18. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 18. 
Deal. 


moved out of the ship until at her moorings, when he thought 
fit to sail, and I judged he understood that oftice better than myself ; 
if you have been misinformed, I presume the masters of attendance 
who sent him aboard will justify the pilot. [Zbid. No. 6.] 


Capt. Silas Taylor to the Navy Commissioners. Particulars 
of a hulk and her expenses, also of some lighters and boats, and 
of repairs required ; was obliged to have his house glazed before 
the King came, especially the Duke of Monmouth’s lodgings. Will 
proceed with good husbandry. Will want 60 loads of clay for 
wharfs, and a stack of chimneys. [Jbid. No. 7.] 


Capt. John Tinker to Pepys. If the Milford is not going 
to sea, will have her up again to her moorings; will go on with 
the rigging of the new ship, as soon as the boatswain comes down 
to take charge. Requires 200/. to buy brooms and candles, and 
shall be as careful as if it were for himself. The Mary Rose and 
Antelope sailed yesterday, and the Dartmouth will depart for 
Spithead on Wednesday, but requires men, and also oars, of which 
there are none in store: [14 pages. Ibid. No. 8.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. The Antelope and Mary Rose have 
arrived, pilots say from Portsmouth. [Jbid. No. 9.] 


1668. 
Oct. 19. 


Oct. 19. 
Weymouth. 


Oct. 19. 
Coventry. 


Oct. 19. 


Falmouth. 


Oct. 19. 


Swansea. 


Oct.. 19. 


Oct. 19. 


CHARLES 1I. 25 


Certificate by Mar. Lister and 13 others, that Rich. Buckworth, 
of Cockerington, co. Lincoln, clerk, is fit to be employed in the 
preaching of God’s word, and ministry of the Holy Gospel and 
Sacraments. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 248, No. 10.] 


John Pocock to James Hickes. Two ships have arrived from 
Bordeaux, laden with new wines and prunes. They say that many 
English ships are loading there, and that the French hold the wines 
at great price. [Zbid. No. 11,] 


Ra. Hope to Williamson. Samuel Heywood, ironmonger, has 
been chosen mayor. He has the repute of an honest man, yet he 
is as rough and unpolished as his ware. To revenge himself on the 
city for choosing him, he threatens them with the want of their 
customary feast on Allhallows Day, when he is to besworn. Edward 
Lapworth, clothier, and Dan. Shaw, were chosen sheriffs, but the 
first has run away to avoid the office, and Shaw has paid the fine of 
100 marks ; one Warden, a butcher, was chosen in his room, but he 
also chose to pay the fine rather than serve, as also did Burne, a 
fellmonger ; so for the present there are no new sheriffs, the old ones 
continuing in their places. Thos. Rogers and Matt. Parker are the 
new chamberlains, and Rich. Haywood and Henry Cooke, wardens. 

The demolished steeple is nearly finished, being already above 
40 yards high. We are also repairing the beautiful and famous 
monument called the Cross, a structure which, it is said, yields to 
none in England for curiosity and gallantry, though it now wears 
many badges of the late ruinous times, as well as of age, and will 
cost no small charge to restore it to its former splendour. There is 
much discourse of a strange discovery of witches at Warwick, many 
of whom are said to be in hold. [JZbid. No. 12.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. A fleet of about 20 sail left for France 
and the Straits, but by reason of contrary winds, put back again. 
[Lbid. No. 13.] 


Jo. Man to Williamson. The Peter of Hamburg ran. ashore 
near Llanelly, Carmarthenshire, and split into pieces; her cargo of 
tobacco and sugar was all lost, but the men saved. They saw 
neither sun, moon, nor stars for 11 days, and so mistook the 
channel. [Jbid. No. 14.] 


Jo. Russell to Rob. Francis. Iexpected to have seen you before, 
but Sir John Trevor would not part with me, and made me engage 
to stop until the spring. I am glad to hear that Sir John has 
obtained his long expected place. I received a letter from that 
gentleman in Paris who is one of the 24 violins to the King of 
France, offering to send the last pieces that were played at the great 
feast at Versailles; if you like to have them, 1 will write to him 
for them. How has Sir John Trevor disposed of the places under 
him? [Jbid. No. 15.] 


John, Bishop of Durham to Lord Arlington. Having appointed 
Col. Ralph Cole one of my deputy-lieutenants for the county 


26 


1668. 


Oct. 19. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 19. 


Kinsale. 


Oct. 19. 
Victualling 
Office. 


Oct. 20. 
Hull. 


Oct. 20. 
Hull. 


Oct. 20. 
[Navy] 
Treasury Office. 


Oct. 20. 


Oct. 20. 


Oct. 20. 


Oct. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Palatine of Durham, I desire you will obtain and signify his 
Majesty’s consent, according to the Act of Parliament. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 248, No. 16.] 

Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. The Dartmouth 
will be ready by Wednesday. I will enquire where a supply of 
plank can be had, so as not to be tied to Mr. Cole’s, but I hear from 
others that there is not one to serve goods like unto him. I told 
them the service should not depend on one man. They say that 
several began to serve the yard while they had ready money, in the 
hopes of which they have run so far in by bills still unpaid, that 
they cannot trade; but Mr. Cole, having a greater stock than the 
rest, holds up now the others are laid down. I have heard him say 
that unless you pay him 3,000/. owing, he was likely to cease trading 
with the rest. 

Mr. Eastwood gave you notice of the timber felled in Titchfield 
Park, and bought by private men, and all the best trees docked for 
buckets, which would grieve anyone to behold such strange de- 
struction to such rare goods, and indeed jewels, as well in this 
country as others. Unless you declare how far I may engage, I 
despair of doing service. I cannot repair the ships without planks, 
and find little timber hereabouts, except Col. Norton’s in the New 
Forest, and the late Lord of Southampton’s. [24 pages. Ibid. No. 17.] 


- Wm. Penn to the Navy Commissioners. Sends Capt. Poole’s de- 
mands and receipts for sails and a mast supplied to the Crown and 
Norwich ; also 3 muster books of those ships and the Merlin. 
[Lbid. No. 18.] 


Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. Has sent the 
additional allowance of two men’s victuals for two months for the 
Lenox yacht. [Lbid. No. 19.] 


Jos. Blaydes to the Navy Commissioners. Prays payment of 
money disbursed by his father, who had no salary ; the creditors 
will no longer wait for their money, as they sold the goods cheap. 


[Ibid. No. 20.] 


Jos. Blaydes to Pepys. Desires he will do what he can in 
obtaining payment of the money owing, being in great strait and 
necessity. [Jbid. No. 21.] 


James Pugh and Phineas Pett to the Navy Commissioners. 
Crave their commands, there having been but two books kept at the 
pay of ships, one of which is sealed up at ‘the Navy Office, but two 
are necessary for making up of the accounts. [Jbid. No. 22.] 


Commission for Sir Thos. Sandys, Bart., to be Lieutenant and 
Major of the King’s troop of Guards. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 20, p. 194.] 

Pass for a horse to Hamburg for William Skinner of Hull. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 85.] 


Grant of denization to [Matthew] Bens, native of Holland. 
Minute. [Zbid. f. 86.] 


Docquet of the above, dated 28 Oct. [Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 269.] 


1668. 


Oct. 20. 
Plymouth. 


Oct. 20. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. [20.] 
Tuesday. 


Oct. 20. 


Oct. 20. 


Oct: 21 


Falmouth. 


Oct. 21. 


Oct. 21. 
Milford. 


Oct. 21. 
Oct. 21. 


Yarmouth. 


CHARLES II. 27 


John Clarke to Hickes. A vessel has arrived from New- 
foundland, and a Frenchman touched here from Greenland. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. TI. 248, No. 23.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Your colt shall be taken care of, 
and brought up by easy journeys, so as not to wrong him. The 
Antelope and Mary Rose have sailed for the Thames. [Zbid. No. 24.] 


Karl of Strafford to Lord Arlington. Mr. Caveno has re-taken 
the person that so impudently abused all the persons he addressed, 
and afterwards ran away. Endorsed“ Weddingham.” [Jbid. No. 25.] 


Earl of Nottingham to Williamson. I presented to Lord Arling- 
ton an order from the Treasury Commissioners to Sir Rob. Long, 
requiring him to issue a warrant for my half-year’s pension, the 
whole amounting to 1,166/. 13s. 4d. a year, upon which Sir Robert 
made a certificate, which is annexed to the order in his lordship’s 
hands, saying that as the privy seal directs my payment from 
the Customs, they cannot order it elsewhere. As the pension is 
my only means of subsistence, and a year and a half is due, pray 
use your interest with his lordship, that I may obtain an effectual 
order for striking tallies of assignment upon the Customs, for the 
arrears of the pension, and for its future payment. [Jbid. No. 26.] 


Sam. Tooker to Williamson. I heard from Sir George Downing 
that the Treasury Commissioners desired to speak with me; I was 
prevented going, and wrote by Capt. Stampe that although their 
lordships had reduced me from 4000. a year, promised by Sir John 
Lawson, his Majesty’s Admiral—whose word ought to be observed — 
to 1000. a year, yet I was willing to accept it, provided they paid it 
from the time I was re-established by Sir John Lawson, on 18 Oct. 
1661. The answer is that their lordships will advise with Lord 
Arlington about it. Pray put in a favourable word for gaining the 
6000. in arrear ; I will give you 50 pieces for your pains. [Zbid. 
No. 27.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. The fleet of merchantmen for 
France and the Straits put to sea again on the 19th, but the third 
time are driven back. [Lbid. No. 28.] 


T. Holden to Hickes. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 29.] 


John Powell to James Hickes. A ship of Southampton, being 
several hundred leagues on her way to Virginia, spent her masts, 
and has put into Tenby, intending for Bristol for repairs. Several 
merchant ships have arrived at Cork from Barbadoes, with most of 
their merchants in them, each bringing his horse, and these are setting 
forward for London. The Crown frigate and another King’s ship 
have also come into Cork. [Jbid. No. 30.] 

J. Powell to Williamson. To the like effect. [Zbed. No. 31.] 

Rich. Bower to Williamson. Yesterday 200 laden colliers sailed 
by; there are here 4 or 5 fly-boats, and a ship laden with lead and 


red herrings for the Straits ; several ships are fitting for Bordeaux 
and the Straits, and will sail the end of the week. [Jbid. No. 32.] 


28 


1668. 
Oct. 21. 


Oct. 21. 


Oct. 21. 


Oct. 21. 
Ordnance Office. 


Oct. 21. 
Bristol. 


Oct. 22. 
Navy Office. 


Oct. 22. 
The Crown, 
Downs. 


Oct, 22: 


Harwich. 


Oct. 22. 


Oct 22: 


Portsmouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Sir Thos. Sandys to Williamson. Wishes his commission to be 
delivered to Major Sandys; will return his thanks for it to-morrow. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 248, No. 33.] 


Statement by Counsellor Jos. Ayloffe, of the case relative to prize 
ships in Scotland, which were sold to the English, on an order that 
they should be admitted to free trade in England, on paying customs 
as the English ships, if a list were sent by the Scotland Admiralty 
to the Custom House; but the Custom House Officers objected to 
admit them, the list not having been brought in. Arguments in 
favour of their naturalization, and suggestion that it should be 
done hy a grant from the King, with a non obstante of the Act 
of Frauds. [Ibid. No. 34.] 


Invoice by John Russell of timber laden on board the James hoy 
at Stockwith, to be delivered to the Navy Stores at Woolwich. 
[Zbid. No. 35.] 


Edw. Sherburne to Sam. Pepys. Thanks for the list of vessels 
[sunk, burnt, &c., in the late war]; will keep it a secret; desires, 
when a perfect list of the whole is -stated, to be a participator, as 
the Commissioners of Accounts are very earnest for an account of 


the Ordnance Stores lost in them, and without that list, he cannot 


punctually proceed. [Jbid. No. 36.] . 


Dan. Furzer to the Navy Commissioners. Prays them not to 
forget the condition of these parts, but to order the disposal of the 
offal timber and slabs at Conpill, so that the attendance, rent, and 
incidental charges may be taken off. [Jbid. No. 37.] 


Giles Bond to the Navy Commissioners. Desires an order to the 
victualler for a supply of provisions to the Hope galliot, lying at 
Woolwich. [Jbid. No. 38.] 


Capt. Wm. Poole to Sir Wm. Pevn. Sailed from Kinsale on the 
19th with the Norwich, but lost her company near Scilly, the 
weather being thick. Desires cables may be sent down, which will 
be re-delivered when they come up the river; fears else for the 
safety of the ship, if there be stress of wind in the Downs. [Jbid. 
No. 39.] 


Capt. Silas Taylor to the Navy Commissioners. Particulars as to 
laying up of lighters, fitting up a muster boat, repairing the dwelling 
house and wharfs, and disposing of the hulk, &. [Zbid. No. 40.] 


Col. B. Reymes to the Navy Commissioners. A bill of exchange is 
due from me, which calls for money, and my dependence on the 
present payment of your office has so disappointed me that unless you 
help, I shall very much suffer. I will never fall into the like fault 
again. [Jbid. No. 41.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. The Dartmouth 
is ready to sail. Has treated with Mr. Mayle about 200 very good 
trees or 500 loads of timber in Titchfield Park, at 38s. per load at 
Warsash, or 40s. at Fareham. Inclines to the first place, as 
being the better lading place for the hoys. The timber is to be well 


1668. 


Oct. 22. 


_ Portsmouth. 


Oct. 22. 
Letter Office. 


Oet 22. 
The Greenwich 
Frigate, 
Chatham River. 


Oct. 22 2 


CHARLES II. 29 


squared, and 50 feet to the load, which will be a very good bargain ; 
knows of no supply like to it, except in New Forest. Mayle wants 
300/. on the delivery of 200 loads, and the remainder when all is 
down: He gives them 14 days to take or refuse it, andif they take 
it not, those of Southampton will, and will give a greater price. 
[13 pages. SP. Dom., Car. TI. 248, No. 42.) 


Capt. John Tinker, master attendant, to Pepys. The Mil- 
ford shall remain where she is, and will proceed no farther without 
orders. I know no more of. Mr. Steventon’s account than that he 
said he had sent it. I have had 9 dozen of oars at 18s. per. dozen 
brought in, and have promised payment, not doubting re-imburse- 
ment, for the Dartmouth could not go to sea without oars; I shall 
not meddle with any more, until you order money to pay for these. 
We want hand spikes, and I am going to view some. 

Pray remember me when you meet with his Royal Highness, 
who promised, when here, to help me concerning my bills, or with 
the Earl of Anglesey. I have been 3 years out of my money for 
accepting his Majesty’s bills.’ [2 pages. Ibid. No. 43.] 


James Hickes to [Williamson.] I will wait upon you and Sir 
Gilbert Talbot in Tcthill Fields, or at the Globe near there, on Mon- 
day, unless the meeting is put off. I must hint that Sir Original 
Foster has done very unhandsomely by all archers in and about the 
City ; for after his Majesty’s restoration, they had a great desire to 
have the former commission concerning archery and shooting 
renewed, and a collection of money was made, and also fair progress 
with the Attorney-General by Mr.Arnold and Mr.Dunn ; but at length 
the Attorney-General told them there was a caveat entered to stop it 
by Sir Original Foster. He owned to it, and informed them that 
except by his means, they shonld never obtain it. Arnold and 
Dunn summoned a meeting of the archers, when it was agreed to 
hand Sir Original Foster the 24l. collected, and instruct him to pro- 
secute and manage their affairs. This he zealously promised, and as 
he was known to be a worthy person, and a great lover of archery, 
they did not require his signature, but thought it sufficient to take 
his word and promise to return the money, if he did not obtain the 
commission, which he has not done. Mr. Duun willattend you and 
Sir Gilbert Talbot on Monday, to give a fair account of the pro- 
ceedings. [Zbid. No. 44.] 


Capt. Rich. Beach to Williamson. I wrote informing you that I 
had brought a colt, as a present from Major Fairborne at Landguard ; 
I took great care of him, and on arriving at Portsmouth left him at 
the Antelope inn. I find you have heard nothing about it. I hope 
that you will not blame me for the negligent Postmaster not deliver- 
ing my letter, and that you will send for the colt ; it wants bleed- 
ing and attending to. [Jbid. No. 45.] 


Thos. Ross to Williamson. I am commanded by the King to 
come for a warrant for the apprehension of Wilson, author of 
“Nehushtan.” If Wilson is the man, pray give the warrant to 
Dawson, the messenger, as he knows him, and most of Calvert’s 
relations. [Jbid. No. 46.] 


30 


1668. 
Oct. 22. 


Oct. 22. 


[Oct. 23.] 


Oct. 23. 
Oct. 
Oct. 23. 


Oct. 23. 
Whitehall. 


Oct. 23. 
Oct. 23 2 


Oeie 23: 
Whitehall, 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Warrant to apprehend Welsh, and bring him before the 
Lords referees concerning the Mint. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 30, f. 86.] 

Warrant to John Dawson to apprehend Wilson, supposed 
to be the author of a factious and scandalous book called “ Nehush- 
tan.” Minute. [Lbid.] 

Presentation of Rich. Annis to the rectory of Lawshall, co. 
Suffolk, void by death of Edw. Brewster. [Parchment, Latin. SP. 
Dom., Car. ZI. 248, No. 47.) 

Minute of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 88.] 

Docquet of the above, dated 31 Oct. [Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 271.] 


Approbation of Ralph Cole, as a deputy-lieutenant for the co. 
Palatine of Durham. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 20, p. 194.] 


Petition of Dr. Hamnet Ward, chaplain of Walter, Bishop of Ox- 
ford,to the King, for a dispensation to hold with his rectory of Porlock, 
Somerset, the vicarage of Sturminster Newton, Dorset, to which 
he has been presented, they being above 30 miles distant, and both 
being a little above 200l. a year. Was forced for his loyalty to 
spend much of his time abroad during the Usurpation, and his 
brother died under sequestration for his loyalty, leaving 6 poor 
orphans, who have ever since received their sustenance from the 
petitioner. With reference thereon to the Bishop of Hereford, dean 
of the King’s chapel, and his report in favour of the petition. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 248, Nos. 48, 49.) Anneaing, 

Certificate by Walter, Bishop of Oxford, that he knows Dr. 
Hamnet Ward to be a person of eminent parts und learning, 
and believes the contents of his petition to be true, [Ibid. 
No. 491.) 

Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 18, p. 334.] 


Petition of Andrew Walton to the King, for a grant of the rectory 
of East Mersey, Essex. Was chaplain with Sir Rob. Holmes in 
several ships during the war with the Dutch, then had a grant of 
the said rectory, through mediation of the Bishop of London, but 
was disappointed of it by another person, who is now dead. With 
note in his favour by Henry, Bishop of Hereford. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 248, No. 50.) Annewing, 


Certificate by Humphrey, Bishop of London, that Andrew 
Walton, clerk, served as Chaplain in the Henry, under Sir 
Rob. Holmes, by whom he has been well recommended; and 
that having received other good testimony in his behalf, he 
concewes him worthy of favour. [Ibid. No. 501.] 


Order of Council on petition of Sir P. Musgrave, Bart., Governor 
of Carlisle garrison, complaining of John Aglionby, alderman of 
Carlisle, for affronting the guards and officers in their prosecuting 
of his design to make a division between the city and garrison, 
fomenting false rumours in the heads of the citizens, &e. Aglionby 
was summoned before the Board, and—after many expressions of 
esteem from the King of Sir P. Musgrave’s fidelity and good services 
to his late and present Majesty, es} ecially in his prudent governing 


oe T 


— 


ee 


1668. 


Oct. 23. 


Barnstaple 


Oct. 23. 
Plymouth. 


Oct. Doe 
Milford. 


Oct. 23. 
Oct. 23. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 23 
Deal. 


Oct. 23. 


Oct. 23. 


Oct. 23. 


Yarmouth. 


CHARLES II. al 


of Carlisle, and of displeasure against Aglionby for affronting the 
Governor, and procuring a writing from the city endangering its 
quiet, and containing false aspersions of the Governor—the Board 
declared the garrison officers innocent of the accusation. Aglionby 
was ordered to acknowledge his misdemeanour to Sir Philip and 
the officers’ satisfaction, publicly in presence of the mayor and 
aldermen, within a month, and the letter, obtained surreptitiously by 
him from the city, was ordered to be rescinded from the acts of the 
corporation. [Copy. 1} pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 248, No. 51.] 


Will. Wakeman to Williamson. A vessel of Bristol, laden with 
hides and tallow from Ireland, ran ashore on Braunton Sands and 
perished, but the men were saved. [JIbid. No. 52.] 


John Clarke to Williamson. Craves excuse for his long silence ; 
has been at Exeter 6 weeks, under a course of physic, but has 
returned in a competent measure of health. [Zbid. No. 53.] 

John Powell to Williamson. The Providence has arrived from 
Genoa, with lemons and marble, and is bound for Amsterdam ; she 
reports that the Dutch merchant ships are very insolent to the 
English in the Straits, by commanding them aboard, which if they 
refuse, they board their ships, and take away great quantities of 
their goods. Also that Sir Thos. Allin was at Malaga with his fleet 
5 weeks since. [Zbid. No. 54.] 


John Powell to Hickes. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 55.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. I went to see your barb, but found 
Sir Philip [Honeywood’s] groom had fetched it away. I will arrange 
about sending it to you. The Dartmouth is ready to sail, and the 
Milford, which was ordered for the winter guard, is again laid aside. 


[Ibid. No. 56.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. The Crown has arrived from 
Ireland; the Norwich came out with her, but has not yet arrived ; 
the seamen fear for her safety. [Jbid. No. 57.] 


Ro. Blackborne to Williamson. I send a paper for Sir Wm. 
Thomson, by direction of Sir John Trevor. [Zbid. No. 58.] 


Wm. Sclater to Williamson. I am informed by Sir Wm. Bowles 
that the same obstruction which some malevolent persons—who, 
having gained their own ends unjustly, shut the doors to their fel- 
lows—had obtained in Oxford, should be the rule at Cambridge, and 
they have promise of a patent. Please to remember, before it 
passes, one who has done the Church and his Majesty as good service 
as those who would bolt the door against us; his Majesty pro- 
mised me in particular that none of us should suffer for our 
modesty, which is all that is laid to our charge, that we did not apply 
early enough, nor take the opportunity afforded by the King’s 
coming in. [Zbid. No. 59. See Calendar, 1667-8, p. 609.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. The wind has continued so high 
that the fishery are prevented from driving, and fish is double the 
price it was. A considerable fleet of colliers have passed. I send a 
letter for his Lordship [Arlington] and beg you will let me know if 


32 


1668. 


Oct. 23. 


Oct. 24. 
The Edgar, 
Kingroad. 


Oct. 24. 
Bristol. 


Oct. 24. 
Chatham. 


Oct. 24. 


Bristol. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


there is anything that he scruples at, as I shall give him full satis- 
faction therein. Capt. Clifton understands the whole business ; 
I shall solicit him to wait on you. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 248, 
No. 60.] Encloses, 


Rich. Bower to Lord [Arlington]. T was prosecuted for an em- 
bezzled cable, seized on information of John Barker, and 
was convicted at Thetford Assizes, because Barker was absent 
at sea: on his return, I obtained a rule for a new trial, 
but my opponents try to postpone it till Barker is gone to 
sea again. Long details of the case. I beg indemnity.— 
23 Oct., Yarmouth. [14 pages, damaged. Ibid. No. 601.] 


Information of Sam. Mearne, King’s bookbinder, before Lord Ar- 
lington. Thomas Leach, printer, confessed to him and others that 
Mr. Wilson acknowledged being the author of a book called 
“ Nehushtan,” and corrected the book, sheet by sheet, at the press. 
[Zbid. No. @1.] Bag 


Capt. John Wettwang to the Navy Commissioners. Is victualled 
and has 250 men on board, but has had much trouble to get and 
keep them. Mr. Baylie has done all his work but a few things; if 
a fair wind comes, shall stay for nothing; but the weather has long 
been very bad. [Zbid. No. 62.] 


Fras. Baylie to the Navy Commissioners. I desire you to pay 
the 100/. bill to Rob. Foley, who is threatening me and makes me 
live in slavish fear. The Hdgar is completed except some small 
matters; I have a fancy to keep the carver and painter at work, 
that she may be put forth as well as any other ship. Pray 
consider my low condition; I am utterly undone if any. course of 
law is taken against me. [Jbid. No. 63.] Encloses, 


Rob. Foley to Fras. Baylie. Iwas yesterday with Squire Pepys, 
who admired your charging him with a bill of 1001., when he 
thinks you are rather in the King’s debt. I pray delay 
me no longer, but pay John Baker the 1001, and send an 
answer by the next post, as he must wse some of the money to 
pay workmen.—London, 20 Oct. 1668. [Zbid. No. 631.] 


Sir John Mennes and John Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. 
We brought down 15,000/. and have received 3,0007. since from 
Mr. Foley, who can supply no more; have paid the Bonad- 
venture, which took nearly 6,000/.; the balance will pay the yard 
but one half-year, so we must expect a further supply for payment of 
the 3 ships coming up, Greenwich, Mary Rose, and Antelope. The 
daily expectation of money has induced us to forbear paying the 
yard as yet, and occasioned great jealousy and complaint, the neces- 
sitous condition of the men urging them to it; we have passed 
our words to see them satisfied their half-year’s pay before depart- 
ing. We desire a speedy answer whether the money may come 
soon enough for the ships, that we may lose no time. [/bid. No. 64.] 


Sir John Knight to the Navy Commissioners. I have drawn a 
bill on you for 120/., payable.at sighi to Charles Owen, of Glovers’ 


1668. 


Oct. [24]. 


Oct. 24. 
Lyme. 


Oct. 24. 
Coventry. 


Oct. 24. 


Amsterdam. 


Oct. 25. 


Oct. 25. 
Deal. 


79380, 


CHARLES II. 33 


Hall, London, for fitting the Edgar. The former 2001., together 
with part of that now drawn, is already paid; an account of it shall 
be sent. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 248, No. 65.] 


_ Proposals by Sir W. Penn about his proceedings as comptroller of 
victuals :—That the victualler’s demands on bis old contract be 
speedily brought in; that he certify the charge of each purser; that 
the pursers’ accounts do not remain longer with him than the 
limited time ; that he duly set off the credit part, so that the balance 
may appear, after deduction for cask, hoops, &e. [Jbid. No. 66.] 


John Sprake to Hickes. I send news in Mr. Thorold’s absence. 
A vessel from Croisic reports that all the carpenters are taken 
up to build ships for the [French] King’s service. A Lyme 
ship from Malaga, laden with wine and fruit, reports that he met 
an English fleet of 50 sail at Gibraltar, all laden with fish from 
Newfoundland, bound up the Straits; also that there were many 
Sally men-of-war abroad, but that Sir Thos. Allin, with his 
squadron, was cruising about, to wait their return. [Zbid. No. 67.] 


Ralph Hope to Williamson. The spire being completed, the 
weathercock was set up, which is 80 yards from the ground. The 
steeple is a stately structure, and will yield to but few in England. 
There has been another election for sheriffs, and Edw. Rogers has 
been chosen in the room of Burne who was fined. Rogers was pre- 
vailed on to stand, though at first he claimed exemption, because 
he is sworn in to the place of Sewer in ordinary to the Great 
Chamber, which includes exemption from office. The other sheriff, 
Lapworth, has been proclaimed sheriff throughout the city, and 
summoned to appear; if he does not, the city intends to appeal 
for redress to the Council Board, as he has caused much 
disturbance. 

One Johnson, a Chester carrier, who was robbed twelve months 
since between Coventry and Lichfield to a considerable value, has 
been robbed again upon Bentley Heath by 7 or 8 men, who cut all 
his packs, and carried away gold, plate, and other commodities to 
the value of near 1,000}. [Zbid. No. 68.] 


Extract from a news-letter. The 3 galliots that went by Nova 
Zembla to find out the [North-west] passage to the Indies have re- 
turned, without effecting anything. They would have tarried longer 
and endeavoured further, but wanted victuals. They did not lose 
their voyage, having taken 5 whales, 3 Icelanders, and 2 North 
Capers, besides all their 500 teeth. [Zbid. No. 69.] 


Lord Montague to Williamson. I have failed to meet you at Lord 
Arlington’s or the Court. Pray do all the favour you can for 
Col. Holtby, in the business of the lottery, he being a person well 
known to have done the King eminent service in the war, and 


being very indigent. [Jbid. No. 70.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. The Norwich has arrived safely in 
the Downs; 100 sail of outward-bound merchant ships are there. 


[Ibid. No. 71] A 


54 


1668. 
Oct. 25. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 25. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 26. 


Falmouth. 


Oct. 26. 


[Oct. 26.] 


Oct. 26. 


Oct. 26. 


Oct. 26. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Ihave no news; the Dartmouth 
is ready to sail the first fair wind. I saw your colt in Sir Philip 
Honeywood’s stable, and will send him up when fit to travel. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. II. 248, No. 72.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to Williamson. I want to know whether you 
received the things sent, and whether my answers to the queries gave 
satisfaction; I wish Lord [Arlington] to be informed of anything which 
I observed there. I am more anxious by reason of the great abuse 
in the opening of letters which come to me, which, as the case stands, 
may ruin my friend abroad and have his throat cut in a short time. 

Our messenger brought several letters last night, and amongst 
the rest one from Master Castell, giving an account of what he had 
seen; and although he wrought as cunningly as he could, and had 
not set his hand as ordered, yet the whole matter was plain. He 
enclosed the draft of a gun lately experimented upon in that 
country, which, by the shape of its cylinder, would shoot a pellet 
double the usual weight, with half the powder. This letter was 
brought open, and the seals torn off, and the messenger affirms it 
came in that state to him. I pay 10d. for your letter, and should 
not be so served. See to it and send this letter to Castell; I ques- 
tion not but on his return, he will answer the ends he went for, and 
do you service. [24 pages. Ibid. No. 73.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. The merchantmen bound for France 


have put to sea again; those bound for the Straits wait a more 
northerly wind. [Jbid. No. 74.] 


Memorandum by Walter Feneis that he left Nieuport 11 a.m., 
24 Oct., and landed at Deal 26 Oct., 104 p.m. [Zbid. No. 75.] 


Petition of Sir Wm. Darcy to the King, for immediate order for 
payment of 3001. a year, on the trust of the late Lord Chancellor, 
on pretence thereby to promote his Majesty’s advantage in settling 
the alum farm; his Majesty has already ordered the Treasury Com- 
missioners to satisfy petitioner, but they delay to do so. Signed. 
[Lbid. No. 76.] 


Reference of the above petition to the Treasury Commissioners. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 18, p. 335.] 


Docquet of an indenture whereby Sir John Wolstenholme and other 
farmers of customs, who have a lease of the customs for 4 years 
from Michaelmas last, on rent of 350,0001. for 3 years, and 370,0007. 
for the fourth, covenant to raise the rent to 400,0007. yearly, paying 
16,6667. 13s. 4d. twice a month, but deducting 800/. a month, 
till they be reimbursed their 200,0007. advanced, with interest and 
charges. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 88.] 

Docquet of the above, dated November. [Docquet, Vol. 23, 
Nos, 283, 284,] 

Order in the Committee for Trade and Plantations—on petition 
of the Eastland merchants for renewal of the proclamation of 
7 March 1630, for which a warrant was issued, 29 Aug. 1661-~ 
directing the Attorney-General to inquire what have been the impedi- 


1668. 


Oct. 26. 


Bristol. 


Oct. 26. 


Chatham, 


Oct. 26. 


Oct. 26, 


Sherwood. 


Oct. OF 


Oct. 27. 


CHARLES II, 35 


ments to the setting forth of this proclamation, and to report thereon 
on Thursday, when the Governors of the Eastland Company are to 
attend their lordships. [Draft, S.P. Dom., Car. II. 248, No. 77.] 

Dan. Furzer to the Navy Commissioners. Fears the offal timber, 
&e,, at Conpill Yard will not yield 1007., as there is not a good plank 
in the yard, and the iandlord will expect his rent and carriage 
ere the stuff be removed. An immediate sale would take off the 
charge of rent, and of 2 men to keep the yard. Conceives it better 
to sell the furniture of the smith’s shop also, As to the timber in 
the forest formerly converted for his Majesty’s use, can give no 
answer, because it is chiefly of larger size than is used in Bristol; 
but if 600 or 700 tons were brought there, believes it could not 
miss of a good market. [12 pages. Ibid. No. 78.] 

Sir John Mennes and J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. 
Desire their advice as to paying the yard, or they will lose time, 
the ships not being come up yet. Are busied touching the examina- 
tion of the business of the master attendants, and the complaints of 
the seamen working at the wrecks of the badness of their victuals, 
particularly the beef, some of which appears to be rotten and de- 
cayed. Have sent several times to the victualler to require its 
amendment, but in vain. [Jbid. No. 79.] 

John Pollen and Lieut. Peter Edwards to Pepys. ‘The man 
that gave intelligence of the [embezzled] masts brought from Dept- 
ford has gone to Newcastle; will inform of his return. For their 
own parts, desire no profit nor gain, but that he will present their 
2 small tickets enclosed to the Earl of Anglesey for his signature, 
for payment of them out of the weekly money, and shall be willing 
to serve in anything for the good of his Majesty. With note that 
the due reward was promised, if their discovery be made good, and 
the tickets returned them to expect payment on them in course. 
[Zbid. No. 80.] 

John Russell to the Navy Commissioners. John Robinson, master 
of the James hoy, has been laden with plank and timber lying at 
Stockwith. Mr. Shish has complained of the plank sent; it had 
lain some time in the wind and sun, and therefore did not look so 
well as when first cut, but was fitter for service. Has sent 430 
loads into the stores, which has been approved to be good every- 
where; 1,444 loads have also been taken in, and there remain on 
the shore 1,059 loads, which lie ready till they send for it. Has 
receipts for his expenditure in carriage, loading the hoys, &e. If 
the hoys will not come any more this winter, wishes to come up [to 
pass his accounts]. The James was 9 days loading, and cost him 
12s. for labourers. [Zbid. No. 81.] 

Commissioners of England to those of Scotland. Request a reply 
to their concessions to the demands made on behalf of Scotland, the 
welfare of both nations greatly depending upon the present treaty. 
[Draft. 14 pages. Ibid. No. 82.] 

Dr. Thos. Willis to Williamson. John Greenriff of Wales was 
high sheriff for Glamorganshire 4 years ago, and is threatened to be 


returned sheriff of Monmouthshire, although he has not 100l. a year 
c 2 


Oct. 27. 


Oct. 27. 


Milford. 


Oct; 27; 
Whitehali. 


Oct. 27. 


Oct. 27. 


Newark. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS, 


in this county, and not above 400l. in the other. If he is returned, 
get him off, if it be in your power; he will not be unthankful. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI 248, No. 83.] 


Dr. [Leoline] Jenkins to Williamson. I send my opinion on the 
question as to how far treaties between princes should lose their force, 
where succeeding ones do not ratify them. 1. In private contracts, 
the last is always the binding one. 2. They are to be interpreted ac- 
cording to the strictness of the letter, to avoid cavils, and then those 
have only themselves to blame, who have omitted provisions to their 
own advantage. 3. They do not ratify former treaties by implica- 
tion, only by express declaration, because they are to be looked 
upon as the prince’s second thoughts; and the subject, to whom they 
are law, should not be under the uncertainty of two laws about the 
same thing. [Jbid. No. 84.] 


John Powell to Williamson. The Swallow frigate, laden with 
timber for Spain, has been driven in here; also a Scotch ship with 
herrings for Rochelle, and a Dublin vessel for the Canaries. [Jbid. 
No. 85.] 


Petition of Peter Ricaut to the King, for a grant by privy seal of 
such moneys as remain due to his Majesty upon the account of Sir 
Simon Every and Sir John Curson, Receivers-General of the Duchy 
of Lancaster, being received in the time of the late wars, and not 
paid to any of the usurped powers. His Majesty declared, on a 
former petition, that he would grant such sums as should remain 
due to him upon Sir Simon Every’s account, but the petitioner finds 
that Sir John Curson was joined in the grant with Sir Simon, and 
executed the office of Receiver-General during the wars, after Sir 
Simon’s death. With reference thereon to Sir Thos. Ingram, Chan- 
cellor of the Duchy. [Jbid. No. 86.] 


Entry of ‘the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 18, 
p. 336.] 


Wm. Browne, Mayor, and the 12 aldermen of Newark, to Lord 
Arlington. The town has been destitute of a vicar since Whitsun- 
tide, and many indigent persons have been put to very great 
exigences to procure parsons to baptize their children, and bury their 
dead. We have tired our neighbours, and soon may not be able to 
get it done at all. We beg that we may not long rest under this 
great want, and that if no one be presented, you will assist us in 
offering one [Mr. Smith] to his Majesty, whose fidelity to his prince, 
charity to his neighbour, and zeal for religion, make him pre- 


ferable to others. [12 signatures. SP. Dom., Car. II. 248, 
No. 87.] Annexing, 


Reasons by Herbert, Bishop of Hereford, why Mr. Smith should 
not be suddenly presented to Newark :—1. I am informed 
that, though the Mayor and some others desire him, the greater 
part of the town desire Mr. Babbington. 2. Mr. Smith has 
another living, and I am not sure whether he intends to leave it 
and reside in Newark, which will be requisite in so populous 


1668. 


Oct. 27. 
Whitehall. 


Oct. 27. 


Oct. 27. 


OAT 


Oct. 27. 


Oct. ? 


Oct. 27. 


Oct. 27. 


Portsmouth. 


CHARLES II. 37 


a town. 3. I have received no testimonials of his sobriety, 
industry, right principles in religion, and loyalty. 4. I know 
nothing of his abilities in learning, and though he may 
preach plausibly to a popular auditory, yet it is requisite 
in such a town, that he be of learning sufficient to confute 
the sectaries there, and not by ignorance expose the Church to 
contempt. 

Though his Majesty be pleased for the town to recommend 
a person for the cure, yet to admit any person into 
a corporate town, without an inspection into these things, 
may be a precedent of dangerous consequence. Endorsed 
with a note that the bishop, being satisfied by a letter from 
the Mayor and aldermen, gave leave for Mr. Smith’s pre- 
sentation to pass. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 248, No. 871.] 


The King to the Archbishop of Canterbury. You are to grant a 
dispensation for Dr. Hamnet Ward to hold the rectory of Porlock, 
co. Somerset, with the vicarage of Sturminster Newton, co. Dorset, 
being above 30 miles distant. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 86.] 


The King to the Treasury Commissioners. On 16 July last, we 
ordered Lord Belasyse to forbear executing a former order of 
16 March, for reducing the band of pensioners ; but now we wish no 
such reduction to be made till further orders. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 30, f. 68, and 72, p. 165.] 


Warrant to John Wilson to seize Rich. Royston, bookseller, and 
bring him before Lord Arlington. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 30, f. 68.] 


Warrant to John Wilson, messenger, to apprehend John Wright, 
bookseller. [Zbid.] 


Warrant to John Wilson to apprehend [John] Wickham, messenger. 
[Zbid.] 

Petition of John Wickham, messenger of the chamber in ordinary, 
to Lord Arlington. I seized, along with Mr. Mearne and others of 
the Stationers Company, a private printing press in Southwark, be- 
longing to Mrs. Calvert, and several reams of an unlicensed book 
which were brought to the messengers’ chamber in Whitehall. I 
refused Mearne’s request to return them to Mrs. Calvert, but at 
length I allowed Mr. Royston, warden of the company, who had 
See. Morice’s warrant for seizing all uniicensed books, to carry them 
to their hall, and received 507. from him, as I thought for my trouble. 
I am sorry for my offence in delivering up the said papers, but did 
not sell them, as was asserted. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 248, No. 88.] 


Pass for 4 horses to France for M, Battailhé. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 86.] 

Capt. John Tinker, master attendant, to Pepys. The Dartmouth 
is waiting at Spithead for a fair wind. There is great want of a 
furnace for stoving; the tarring furnace is leaky and too small. 
Thanks for kind expressions with reference to his bills. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. TI. 248, No. 89.] 


38 


1668. 
Oct. 27. 


Harwich. 


Oct. 27. 


Navy Office. 


Oct. 27. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 28. 


Downs. 


Oct. 28. 
Victuailing 
Office. 


Oct. 28. 


Minehead. 


Oct. 28. 


Yarmouth, 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Capt. Silas Taylor to the Navy Commissioners. Particulars as to 
laying up the hulk, lighters, and muster boat, with a computation 
of the half-year’s charge. Desires they will imprest 201. for him, 
and pay it to Mr. Hayter. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 248, No. 90.] 


Navy Commissioners to Capt. Benj. Gosling, and two others, at 
Lee. Desire them to appraise the wreck of a fireship at Lee [given 
to Capt. Pine], according to her real value, and to certify the same 
in writing, so as to be able to take their oath to it. [Zbid. No. 91.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. The timber 
will not go down until the spring [tide], unless the King will pay 
for the bark, so that it is time enough to take care for the payment, 
if they resolve to have it on the terms proposed ; whatever shifts 
are made for money, those bargains must not be let go, or they will 
be still more tied to Mr. Cole. Prays that the supply demanded 
may be sent, and also some deals, or the works of the new ship 
must stand still; has had to cut spruce deals, when the service 
required despatch. [Zbid. No. 92.] 


Capt. W. Poole, of the Crown, to the Navy Commissioners. 
Thanks them for ordering cables for his own ship and the Norwich, 
but none have arrived. Is ready to sail into Margate Road, but 
prevented by bad weather. [Jbid. No. 93.] 


Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. In answer to 
yours of the 24th, there is nothing that I have more endeavoured 
than the bringing in of all my demands, and the having all my 
accounts settled, which is necessary in respect of the service, and of 
my own security; as fast as papers come to hand I shall despatch 
them, that I may be able to make my final demand. The delay of 
the pursers in sending in their accounts may be imputed to me, but 
I hope your Honours will consider what I suffer for want of them, 
being unable to know what casks, bags, and iron hoops have been 
delivered to, or returned from each ship. [Zbid. No. 94.] 


John Maurice to Williamson. The Fortwne from Barbadoes 
brought a packet directed to Sir Wm. Morice, which I sent to 
Sir John Trevor, supposing it to be in his province. The vessel 
had a quick passage, having completed it in five weeks and a few 
days. The Sarah of Weymouth came out with her, but was left 
at sea. [Jbid. No. 95.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. Several vessels have sailed for 
the Straits with red herrings, and others will soon be ready. Mr. 
Crow, of Yarmouth, formerly an upholsterer of London, died here 
on Saturday last: had he lived, he would have been called to an 
account about the former King’s hangings, as the bailiffs had re- 
ceived something in order thereto. He died worth 40,0007., most of 
which he has left to Thos. Bransby of Yarmouth and Rob. Bransby 
in St. Bartholomew’s Close, London, his brothers by the mother’s 
side, having left neither wife nor child. I hope Capt. Clifton has 
been with you; I doubt not but you will answer my desires by 
moving Lord Arlington therein. [Zbid. No. 96.] 


1668. 


Oct. 28. 
Bristol. 


Oct. 28. 
Whitehall. 


Oct. 28. 
Oct. 28. 


Oct. 28. 


Oct. ? 


Oct. 28. 
Whitehall. 


Oct. 28. 
Oct. 28. 


Oct. 28. 


Oct. 28. 


CHARLES IL. 39 


James Baskerville to Williamson. The winds keep in the fleet 
outward bound. We have sickly times, and bad, wet weather. 


[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 248, No. 97.] 


Petition of John Napier, rector of St. Peter’s, Berkhamstead, Herts, 
and of 8 other inhabitants, to the King, for leave to recommend 
Edmund Nuboult, M.A., late student of Trinity College. Cambridge, 
as master of the Free School in the town, vacant through the resigna- 
tion of the late incumbent; have suffered long for want of one 
With reference thereon to the Bishop of Hereford, and his report 
that, the petitioner having shown him ample certificates attesting his 
sobriety and industry, and finding him to be of parts sufficient for 
so mean a school, he conceives him a fit person for his Majesty’s 
favour. [Zbid. Nos. 98, 99.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 18, p. 336.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of Matt. 
Johnson, clerk of the patents, for the King’s title to a parcel of land, 
value 10}. a year, in Wilbarston, co. Northampton, supposed to be 
escheated to his Majesty. [Zbid. p. 338.] 


Warrant for presentation of Dr. John Cole, D.D., to the rectory 
of Broadwater, co. Sussex, void by simony. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 19, p. 86.] 


Sir Allan Apsley to Williamson. I request the return of a war- 
rant, that I may send it back to Lady Castlemaine, according to 
her command when she gave it me; she never named a clamorous 
gentleman who now complains that the business is put into your 
hands. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 248, No. 100.] 


Warrant to Sir Gilbert Talbot, Master of the Jewel House, to deliver 
to Barbara, Countess of Castlemaine, 3,000 ounces of plate, of such 
fashion as she shall desire, to be for her own use, she having given 
in her indentures for re-delivery of the same. [J/bid. No. 101.] 


Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 69.] 


Warrant for confirmation of a grant of 24 July last, to Fras. 
Rogers, of all arrears due to the Crown from Sir John Prettyman, 
of Loddington, co. Leicester, late Receiver of F irst Fruits, and Sir 
George Prettyman, being the sums of 4,000}, 2,000}, and 16,0002., 
for the last of which sums the lands of Loddington and Allaxton 
were seized into the King’s hands, and the said manors are there- 
fore granted to Rogers for recovery of the debt. [Lbid. ff. 69, 70.] 


Warrant for Josceline, Earl of Northumberland, to be Lord Lieu- 
tenant of Sussex. , Minute. [Jbid. f. 86.] 


Warrant for the said Earl to be Lord Lieutenant of Northumber- 
land and town of Newcastle. Minute. [Zbid.] 


40 


1668. 
Oct. 


Oct. 29. 


Oct. 29. 
Deal. 


Oct. 29. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 29. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 29. 


Oct. 29. 
Edinburgh. 


Oct. 29. 
Navy Office. 


Oct. 29. 


Gravesend. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Docquet of the two preceding entries, dated 30 Oct. [Docquet, 
Vol. 23, No. 270.] 


Certificate by Thos. Death and 4 others, that they saw two 
English flags hanging on the foremast of the Peace, a Holland 
man - of - war, commanded by Capt. Gio. Van Brackell, on the 
llth of Oct. 1668. Leghorn, 24 Oct. 1668. Attested before the 
public notary of Leghorn, 29 Oct., and certified by Thos. Dethick 
and Charles Longland. Endorsed, “ Insolencies committed by 
Capt. Brackell at Leghorn.” [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 248, No. 102.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. A vessel from Malaga reports 
that the major part of their vines they make out in fruit, so that 
wine is scarce and fruit plentiful, which they did by reason of the 
new impost on wines in England; also that they are laying a great 
tax on English commodities, to answer that of wine. There are 
80 sail of merchant ships in the Downs outward bound. The 
Crown and three other King’s ships have sailed for the river. [Zbid. 
No. 103.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Has no news, as no ships are 
passing. [Zbid. No. 104.] 


Sir P. Honeywood to Williamson. I suppose you have expected 
your colt, but he has the glanders and a canker in his nose ; he is 
under the hands of the best farrier in these parts, who doubts not 
but to cure him; when he is in a condition to travel, I will send 
him. [JLbid. No. 105.] 


Dr. P. Mews to Williamson. I beg you to promote a request 
which will be made by Mr. Davies, on behalf of John Howe [alms- 
man at Oxford], who has not been so kindly used as his service for 
the King deserves. I could give a large character of him, but will say 
no more than that he is worthy of the charity. [Zbid. No. 106.] 


Rob. Mein to Williamson. The Scottish Commissioners for 
settling the staple at Dort have returned, and Alex. Sandilands, 
one of them, is dead. The Hollanders have offered to buy up all 
the Scotch coal and salt, and Rob. Mill, provost of Linlithgow, has 
gone over to settle the trade. The Commissioners for Trade be- 
tween England and Scotland do not agree, and the taxes on both 
sides are so heavy that they are obliged to trade with other 
countries, rather than with each other. The imports from England 
exceed the exports to England by 50,0007. or 60,000/. a year. 
[Ibid. No. 107.] 

Sir Wm. Penn to the Navy Commissioners. Sends the names 
of 5 vessels and of their commanders, who received prize wine for 
delivery to the ships; but it does not appear how and to what 
ships they have disposed of it. Desires an order to the messenger 
to bring them before the Board. Requests that their bills may be 
stopped, if any of them have freight due, until they give satisfaction. 
[ Ibid. No. 108.] 


F. Hosier to Sam. Pepys. Asks whether to muster the Hms- 
worth sloop and Lenow, they lying at Holehaven, beyond the limits 
of his commission. [Jbid. No. 109.] 


1668. 


Oct. 29. 
Navy Office. 


Oct. 29. 
Victualling 
Office. 


Oct. 29. 


Oct. 30. 
Woolwich. 


Oct. 30. 


Oct. 30. 


Oct. 30. 


CHARLES IL. 41 


John Huntington, master of the ddam and Eve, to [the N avy 
Commissioners]. Particulars of his voyage from Deptford to 
Sherwood and back, to fetch timber from Stockwith, and thence 
to Hull, between 27 Aug. and 30 Oct. 1668. Desires order where 
to unload, his vessel lying at Deptford. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 248, 
No. 110.] 


Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. Gave order for 
supplying fresh meat, or such as was lately salted, to the people 
employed in weighing the wrecks, and was informed that it was 
observed, but further inquiry shall be nade. [Zbid. No. 111.] 


Sir John Chicheley to Pepys. I am so confident that the 
ticket of Percival Browne, which I lost, will never come to 
hand to be demanded, that if you will order a writing to be 
drawn, that the King may not twice pay it, I will sign it, upon de- 
livery of another ticket to Mr. Dickinson, to whom the ticket 
formerly belonged. 

I hope my bill for the 6 months’ pay will be drawn like that of 
Sir [Wm.] Jennings and the rest of the commanders in the Downs. 
Some will persuade me it is but to complete our commissions 
6 months, but Mr. Wren told me it was for 6 months over and 
above, in consideration of our expenses. Ifit is not so, my voyage 
will be worse than I thought for, although with it I should be 
1007. out of pocket. If it is as bad as some say, we must advise 
better for the future. [Jbid. No. 112.] 


Capt. Abra. Ansley and his 3 partners, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. Have brought their ships into the docks, and desire orders 
for their reparation, and whether to discharge them or keep them 
in pay until repaired. Attempted to weigh the pink, but find her 
so far sunk that she breaks in pieces; judge it necessary to clear 
her of her lading and the mud and ballast, and then, as the charge 
of keeping 5 hired vessels named on the works is too great, to 
discharge them all, and to request the use of 2 others [of the 
King’s ships] for perfecting the work ; will also reduce the number 
of their men to ease the charge. [Jbid. No. 113.] 


Account of the train of artillery in the new storehouse at the 
Artillery Ground, viz., 44 pieces of brass ordnance mounted on 
travelling carriages, and 9 brass mortars also mounted. [Zbid. 


No. 114.] 


Warrant to pay to Thos. Sanders 10,0001., viz., 38,9571. 8s. 3d. for 
pay and clothes for several companies of horse, and the rest as he 
shall be directed by sign manual; with directions for vacating a 
privy seal for pay of the 10 companies late under command of Lord 
Wentworth. [Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 270.] 


Warrant to pay to Thos. White from the hearth money 4,0002., 
with interest at 6 per cent., which sum is due to him by assign- 
ment, because the Poll Act, on which it was charged in part of 
1,277,500/. due to Sir George Carteret for the Navy, was not 


sufficient to bear the same. [Zbid.] 


A2 


1668. 
Oct. 30. 


Oct. 30. 
Treasury 
Chambers, 
Whitehall. 


Oct. 30. 
Plymouth. 


Oct. 30. 


Oct. 31. 
Milford. 


Oct. 31. 
Oct. 31. 


Bristol. 


Oci. 31. 
Victualling 
Office. 


Oct. 31. 


Woolwich. 


Oct. 31. 


Harwich. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Warrant to pay to Sir Rob. Vyner, the King’s goldsmith, 
41,5601. 4s. 5d. for divers chains, medals, and other gold work, 
delivered to the Jewel House, from 25 Aug. 1664 to 24 June 1668. 
[Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 270.] 


Sir Geo. Downing to Williamson. The reason why you have no 
return of the money taken from some Zealand prisoners in Ireland 
is because the Treasury were forced to send to Ireland for it. As to 
Lord Dungannon’s business, the Treasury Commissioners were not 
mentioned in the Order of Council, which is always done in 
matters they are to take notice of, so I return the order for amend- 
ment; I will then move in the business. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 245, 
No. 115.] 


John Clarke to Williamson. Has no news of any kind; no ships 
have arrived for ten days. [Jbid. No. 116.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 117.] 


John Powell to Williamson. About 30 sail of colliers, etc., are 
detained by the wind, some of them having been here nearly two 
months. [lb'd, No. 118.] 


John Powell to Hickes. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 119.] 


Dan. Furzer to the Navy Commissioners. When their direc- 
tions come about the sale of the goods in the yard and smiths’ 
shops, shall diligently put them into execution. The timber in the 
forest must be in the same condition as it was at the time of its 
being taken up, although the intention as to its disposal is quite 
altered ; as it was then presumed to be for the King’s use, desires 
their commands as to its disposal. [Jbid. No. 120.] 


Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. Sends certifi- 
cates from Capt. Stout, late commander of the Roe ketch, for 
an allowance for defective provisions, &c. The peas were sent in 
March 30, 1667, and were pronounced defective in December, 
3 months beyond the time of her victualling. Conceives he is not 
liable to make good leakage of beer, unless there had been an 
allowance from the King for ironbound casks. With note that 
the certificates were allowed at the Board, and delivered to Sir 
W. Penn’s clerks. [Zbid. No. 121.] 


Edw. Byland, shipwright’s assistant, to Pepys. The under- 
takers for weighing the wrecks having cleared some of their 
ships, the masters of them desire to have them fitted and made 
good at Woolwich. Reguests orders concerning them, and 
as to cutting down the Phenix, having cut down the House de 
Swede. Has sent to the brazier for funnels for the Portsmouth and 
Pearl, and sent him the moulds; he requires the Navy Com- 
missioners’ order. Much wants deals, broom, and treenails, as 
formerly demanded. [Jbid. No. 122.] 


Capt. Silas Taylor to the Navy Commissioners. The hulk will 
prove greater trouble and labour than was at first conceived, but 
seeing their commands are positive, will not be backward. Finds 


oe 


1668. 


Oct. 31. 


Oct. 31. 


Oct. 31. 


Oct. 


Oct. 


Oct. 


Oct. 


Oct. 


Oct. 


Oct. 


Oct. 


CHARLES II. 43 


she was taken in the former Holland wars, and was called the 
Rosebush, so she must be very old; cannot tell how long she has 
been sheathed. Finds that no one will buy her for a hulk, so she 
cannot be sold but to be broken up. Was constrained to make a 
bargain for the clay, for fear of losing his old crane. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT, 248, No. 123.] 


Rob. Mayors to [the Navy Commissioners]. Has treated with 
Mr. Kingsbury, and Mr. Buckley, timber merchant, for the 300 or 
400 loads of timber lying at Weybridge, &c.; they desire some 
person to be sent to view it, and if found fit for building ships, 
they will attend to contract for the same. With note that Mr. 
Mayors was directed to view the timber. [Jbad. No. 124.] 


Tender of sundry parcels of masts, at from 14s. to 74l. per mast. 
[2 pages. Ibid. No. 125.] 


Notes [by Pepys] ef Mr. Wood’s late prices for masts, 10s. 4d. to 
391. 9s. Vd., and also of bowsprits 110. 16s. to 24l., in comparison 
with the higher prices now demanded. [Zbid. No. 126.] 


Memoranda from the Signet books of grants, &., passed during 
the month, all calendared above, except a note that the waiters’ 
places in the port of London are given by patent, during pleasure, 
with a proviso that the salary shall close during the time that the 
customs are let to farm. [bid. No. 127.] 


Warrant to pay to Sir Denis Gauden 30,000/. from the fire- 
hearths, the Poll Act, on which it was assigned, not being likely to 
satisfy the same; with interest at 6 per cent. from the time of the 
assignment. [Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 272.] 


Grant to Sir Phil. Howard and Fras. Watson, for 14 years, of 
the sole use of their new invention of graving and colouring ships, 
which will be cheaper and more durable than the ordinary way of 
graving and sheathing. [Jbid. No. 273. See Calendar, 1667-8, 
p. 523. | : 


Grant to Prince Rupert, on surrender of Viscount Mordaunt, of 
the office of Constable of Windsor Castle, the keepership of the 
Parks, &c. [Ibid. No. 274] 


Revocation of letters patent formerly granted to John, Viscount 
Mordaunt, of the office of Governor of Windsor Castle, and grant of 
the same to Prince Rupert. [Jbid. See Calendar, 1667-8, p. 608.] 


Warrant to pay to Sir John Trevor 8,000/. in yearly payments 
of 2,000/., beginning from Michaelmas last. [Zbid.] 


Grant to Rich. Brett, on surrender of Sir Thos. Clifford, Master of 
the Household of a fifth part of the customs on logwood, leased to 
John Pinchcombe for 5001. a year, Brett paying therefor 100/. a year 
in part of the said rent of 500/., the said Brett having surrendered a 
former pension of 250/. a year on the said customs. [Jbid. No. 275.] 

Grant to Thos. Preston during pleasure of a waiter’s place in the 


port of London, the salary to cease during the time that the customs 
are let to farm. [Jbid.] 


4A 


1668. 
Oct. 


Oct. 


Queen Street. 


Oct. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. ? 


Oct. ? 


Oct. ? 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Grant to John Harper, on surrender of Miles Lavington, jun., 
of a waiters place in the port of Bristol. [Docquet, Vol. 23, 
No. 275.] 


Sir John Chicheley to Pepys. I find a great mistake in the 


paper I gave you, it being only for the time I served on board, 
and not according to the date of the commission, which I have 
always been paid ever since I knew the service; I hope the 
Board will be no worse to me than formerly. My commission 
was dated the 18th, but I was not entered till the 28th, which is 
half a month’s pay difference. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 248, No. 128.] 


Account, by Edw. Silvester, of anchors to be repaired ; estimated 
cost, 1051. 15s. 6d., but he is content to perform the work for 961. 
With note that there is made of the chain 100 fathoms and up- 
wards, amounting to 14 or 15 tons. ` [Zbid. No. 129.] 


Note that the paper concerning the collection for Mr. King was 
tendered as a brief by one Emson, to the minister of Saffron 
Walden, Essex, to be read in the church there 11 Oct. 1668, 
but the Bishop of Oxford, doubting its authority, showed it to Lord 
Arlington. Endorsed, “ Concerning the false brief.” [Jbid. No. 130.] 
Annexing, 

Brief from the King authorising Richard King, late of 
Welborn, co. Lincoln—on testimonial from the Duke of 
Newcastle, and others, of his great losses and sufferings, 
amounting to 8,0001., by reason of which he and his wife 
and children are like to perish without some charitable re- 
lief—to gather the benevolence of well-disposed persons for 
18 months in all counties, cities, £c., of England and Wales, 
the Churchwardens, collectors for the poor, &c., gong from 
seat to seat to collect the benevolence, endorsing the amount 
subscribed in words upon a copy of this docwment, and 
to pay the same to Richard King, or whomsoever he shall 
appoint. — Whitehall, May 20, 1668. [Printed. Ibid. 
No. 1301] 


Petition of Rich. King, prisoner in the King’s Bench, to Lord 
Arlington, not to hinder him from the benefit of the King’s pardon ; 
is innocent of the crime of forgery for which he is condemned to a 
fine and corporal punishment, which his Majesty will pardon if his 
lordship except not against it. Was a captain of horse, and 
4 of his brothers served the late King in the wars, though the 
eldest, Col. King, was against him. [Jbid. No. 181.] 


[Lord Arlington] to the King. I had signed with Sec. Morice 
the allowances to be made to the Postmaster-General, for certain 
services which are allowed by the Treasury Commissioners, in 
presence of the executors of the late Countess of Chesterfield; but 
they notice an important omission in the certificates not being 
addressed to the King. I have not supplied it, as Sec. Morice 
cannot now sign, but I think it may easily be passed over. [Jbid. 
No. 182.] 


OO T N NO E 


CHARLES II 45 


1668. 
Oct. Lists seut by Mor. Lodgə of Deal to Williamson of ships in the 
Deal. Downs, the state of the wind, arrival and despatsh of mails, &e., 
during the month, as follows: 
Vol. Mails. 
248.| Date, | King’s, | Mer-, | — Wind. ui eRe 
No chants’. f 
> Arrival. | Departure. 
{ | 
133 | Oct. 1 4 8 3 p.m. 5 p.m. S.W. | 
134 » 2 5 4 — 6 p.m. S.W. 
135 » 3 4 18 None 6p.m, | S.W. 
136 » 4 3 21 None 7pm. | S.W. | 6 or 7 small vessels have 
: gone through, which could 
e | not be boarded. 
137 » 9 3 21 = 6 p.m. S.W. 
138 » 6 3 21 None 6 p.m. S.W. 
139 apo afl 2 22 — 6 p.m. Sa 
140 » 8 2 21 None 5 p.m. S.W. 
141 re) 2 25 None 5 p.m. S.W. 
Wage E3 29 = 5pm. | S.W. 
143 S3 2 34 None 5 p.m. S.W. | 
144 » 14 2 38 None 5pm. | S.W. | It blows a storm. 
145 op UK 2 39 None 5 p.m. S.W. 
146 re Gs 2 37 None 5 p.m. S.W. | 
147 cy LF 2 41 None 6 p.m. N.W. | 
148 Sy ike} 4 43 None 5 p.m. S.W. | The Mary Rose has sailed 
away. 
149 lo 2 48 None 6 p.m. | N.W. 
150 el) 2 48 None 6 p.m. S. 
151 S 2l 2 45 None 6 p.m. S.W. | 
152 ay OR 1 52 4 p.m. 6 p.m. S.W. 
153 3 28 2 56 None 5 p.m. S.W. 
154 oy DE 3 58 None 6 p.m. S.W. | Sir W. Jennings has arrived 
| inthe Sapphire from west- 
ward. 
155 Oe 4 60 None 6 p.m. S.W. | The Norwich arrived this 
afternoon. 
156 » 26 5 69 None 6 p.m. | N.W. | 
157 P28 5 qiri None 6 p.m. S.W. 
158 3» 380 3 76 None 6 p.m. |W.S.W.) 
159 EOL 3 — None 5 pm. N.W. | Some merchant ships are un- 
der sail, others preparing, if 
| the wind do not hinder 
them. 
Nov. 1. James Hickes to Williamson. I fear to be unable to come, having 


Letter Office. a cold, but we hope that you will the next meeting will come to 


Nov. 1. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 1. 
Knutsford. 


Nov. 1. 
Oxford. 


this end, and that you will stand for us, about renewing our com- 
mission. Sir Reynold Foster promised me and other Archers to 
present our petition and the commission to your hands. If this is 
done in a week, Í will give you a new petition and copy of the 
commission. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 248, No. 160.] 

Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Dartmouth sailed 2 or 3 
days ago for the Canaries; has no other news. [Jbid. No. 161.] 

J. Alderoft to Rob. Francis. Desires to be informed immediately 
who is elected sheriff of Cheshire. [Jbid. No. 162.] 

M. de Breval to [Williamson]. I must apologise for not having 
used your permission to write before. I have seen, in your letter to 
Dr. Barlow, your kind mention of me; I thank you for your ser- 
vices to a stranger, and still more for your care for my establishment, 


46 


1668. 


Nov ia 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 1. 


Nov. 1. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 1. 
Chatham. 


Nov. 2. 


Chatham. 


Nov. 2. 


Gravesend. 


Nov. 2. 


Nov. 2. 
Hull. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


without my having been recommended to you. I dine with Dr. 
Barlow to-morrow, and we will then drink the health of a man who 
makes us pour our washing water into silver basons and ewers. 
[See 3 Nov.] I hope some day, through your means, to be no longer a 
burden to anyone. I will not presume to dictate to you, but hear 
that you have influence with 8 persons by whom it could be done. 
I am assured by Dr. Jenkins that there will be no obstacle from the 
Court. The Vice-Chancellor says that, seeing how I have lived here 
for 2 years, nobody will oppose my advancement. I leave all to 
you and.to Providence. [French 8 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 
248, No. 163.] 

John Tinker to Pepys. Begs him to send down the boatswain 
for the new ship, and some French canvas for her sails. [Zbid. 
No. 164.] 

M. Wren to Pepys. Wishes to see him alone at his chamber, 
at Whitehall, an hour or two to-morrow. Asks if he has ordered 
the Success to take more men to Tangiers. [Jbid. No. 165.] 

Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. Will let them know 
when he has made sure of the Tichfield timber. Is offered 50 or 60 
loads of good timber at Fareham, fit for the great ship, at 32s. a 
load, ready money, with leave to pick it, which is a good bargain. 
Also 12 loads at Palescrove; asks a speedy reply. Elm boards 
and timber are wanted, and 2 parcels are offered for ready money. 
[Ibid. No. 166.] 

Sir John Mennes and Commissioner Tippetts to the Navy 
Commissioners. The Mary Rose, Greenwich, and Antelope are 
detained at Oakham Ness by foul weather, but have sent up their 
ordnance and ammunition. The Mary Rose will be serviceable 
when cleaned and repaired. Have nearly paid the yard and 
ropeyard, and will have enough for the Greenwich. The Antelope 
will take 6,0007. Ask leave to send her men to bring up the 2 ships, 
and prevent growing charge. The third wreck is weighed, and lies 
dry. She seems to have been a man-of-war, but is only fit to break 
up. Will send the examinations about Mr. Pett and the master 
attendant. [Zbid. No. 167.] 

The same to the Navy Commissioners. Wondering at the ships’ 
not coming, went down to encourage the pilots to venture, and took 
the clerk of the cheque who mustered them. Spent the ebb in 
visiting Sheerness ; then went on board the Greenwich and sailed, 
passing the wrecks at the Muscle bank, and brought the ships to 
Chatham, 6 p.m. Want the money to pay them off. [Zbid. No. 168.] 

F. Hosier, muster master, to Pepys. The Crown and Norwich 
have sailed by, and the Sapphire come up with 117 men. [Ibid. 
No. 169.] 

Advertisement of four oxen lost from Ashdown Forest, Sussex ; 
3l. reward offered for their discovery to Benj. Randall, near the 
Churchyard, Bethlehem. [Ibid No. 170.] TE 

Chas. Whittington to Williamson. The frequent storms and 
uncertain weather have somewhat put a stop to trade, and they 
begin to be fearful of the winter storms, as this port suffered very 


1668. 


Nov. 2. 


Coventry. 


[Nov. 2.] 


Nov. 2. 


Dover. 


Nov. 2. 


Nov. 2. 
Deal. 


CHARLES II. 47 


much in their shipping last year by their rash adventures. Several 
vessels have sailed for Holland with lead, butter, and cloth, one of 
which was driven aground in the Humber, and is forced to be 
unloaded, the cloth being much damaged. Departure of other vessels. 


[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 248, No. 171.] 


Ra. Hope to Rob. Francis. Mr. King will present you with a 
token from me, of which I beg your acceptance, and a continuance 
of your kindness. I send salutes to Mr. Eldrich [Aldridge] and his 
mother ; send me by Friday’s post the names of the sheriffs, or at least, 
who is pricked for Warwickshire. The mayor and the rest of the 
officers for the year ensuing were sworn yesterday, but the mayor 
failed to make that public feast which has been usual on that day, 
to the regret of many, who take it as a dishonour to the city. Mr. 
Lapworth, the new sheriff, still continues absent; Mr. King is 
employed by the city with their address to the Council Board for a 
remedy ; for if he can so evade the service, others may follow his 
example. Mr. King intends to beg your assistance and direction, 
which I hope will not be wanting. [Zbid. No. 172.] 


Sir Nich. Armorer to Lord Arlington. I spoke to you for Walter 
Chetwind of Ingestree, that he may not be pricked sheriff for 
Staffordshire. His father, who is living and has most of the estate, 
has lately been sheriff for Warwickshire and was sheriif for Stafford- 
shire, and to charge the son while the father is living has not been 
known in that country. [Zbid. No. 173.] 


Jo. Carlisle to Williamson. I have made bold to trouble you with 
the accounts I am charged with by Messrs. Lloyd and Blayney. 
They were allowed by the Lords Commissioners 2 years since, and 
an order given to Lord Ashley for payment of my salary. I was 
then promised that as soon as Mr. Cooper, Treasurer for Prizes at 
Dover, paid in his money, I should be paid. I have been no store- 
keeper since, having delivered all the King’s goods in my custody 
to Mr. Eady and Rob. Everard, by the Commissioners’ orders; I 
send the receipts and Capt. Kingdon’s letter, as also an affidavit 
sworn before the mayor that the Commissioners were satisfied, and 
that they stated my salary should be the first paid of any store- 
keeper in England. I cannot understand why Mr. Blayney should 
detain my money. I hope you will be the means of putting a period 
to the accounts. [Jbid. No. 174.] 


Jo. Cooke to Williamson. Sec. Trevor desires you will get 
information from your correspondent at Rochelle whether Sieur Isaac 
Rondeau, an advocate in the Parliament of Saintes, is in prison, or 
how disposed of. He was bred a Protestant, but for the love of a 
Roman Catholic gentlewoman, embraced her religion that he might 
have her, and after marriage returned to his former religion. I 
know how capital a crime this is in France; I give this touch of the 
man’s history, so as to give some light to your correspondent. 


[Ibid. No. 175.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. About 80 ships sailed this afternoon, 
the wind suddenly changing to north-east. [Jbid. No. 176.] 


48 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1668. 
Nov. 2. Fras. Bellott to Williamson. No vessels have come in here for 
Pendennis. 3 weeks; those that have been wind-bound for 2 months, and so 
often forced back, have just put to sea. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 248, — 
No. 177.] 


Nov. 2. [Col. Rich. ?] Talbot to Williamson. Pray give an order for 
entering a caveat in Sec. Trevor's oftice that no letter be granted 
from the King to the prejudice of Rob. Harpoll, a minor, without 
Col. Rich. Talbot being first heard in his behalf. A letter was 
surreptitiously obtained in Sec. Morice’s time, which had like to 
have ruined the child in his fortune. His father and grandfather 
were both killed in the King’s service. [bid. No. 178.] 


Nov. 2. John Pocock to Hickes. A vessel from Portugal reports that 

Weymouth. the next day after she put to sea, she was chased by 4 Sally 
men-of-war for several hours, and would have been taken had not 
the winds favoured her; she escaped into Villa Nova, where a boat 
came out to pilot her over the bar, when the 4 men-of-war came 
close up, and there lay muzzled for some time, and then stood to 
sea. They took a small vessel of Topsham 4 days before, but the 
men escaped in their boats to Villa Nova, the people of which say 
they have of late taken and trepanned several English ships of good 
force, [Zbid. No. 179.] 


Nov. 3. Earl of Manchester to Lord Arlington. I am so well satisfied of 
the merits of Mr. Merrydon, for the degree of Doctor of Divinity, 
that I desire you will move his Majesty for a mandate to the 
University of Cambridge in his behalf. [Zbid. No. 180.] 


Nov. 3. Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Thereisnonews. Sir P. Honey- 
Portsmouth. wood informs me of the death of your Barb colt. [Zbid. No. 181.] 


Nov. 3. Dr. Thos. Barlow to Williamson. I received your letter and the 
Queen’s College, rich and excellent present you sent your aged mother, now 328 years 
Oxford. old. The college is overjoyed to see your prosperity and gratitude. 
At the Sunday dinner, your bason and ewer were set upon the high 
table, when everyone commended the great munificence and charity 
of the giver, and the congruity of the gift. Though the matter was 
rich and massive, yet materiam superabat opus; the ingenuous and 
artificial plainness of the make was more. We filled the ewer full 
of good sack, which was at your kindness and cost too, and drank 
your health round the hall; all sat bare-headed while your health 
went quite round. The gift is the talk of the town, and a comfort 

and credit to your old college, which returns thanks and blessing. 
Thanks for the Pope’s bull, which is guilty of such a gross piece of 
false Latin as never could or did fall from an infallible pen. Mr. 
Clifford is so constant at his prayers and study as to be quoted as an 
example of civility and steadiness. Endorsed [by Williamson], 
“My poor duty to the college, for which God’s providence be 

ever praised.” [Ibid. No. 182.] 


Nov. 3. John Beebey to Williamson. To the same effect. Your present was 
Queen’s Golega weighed by Mr. Wilkins, the college goldsmith, and found to weigh 
Oxford. 233 ounces; it was presented next day to the high table, and 


1668. 


Nov. 3. 
Chatham. 


Nov. 3. 


Woolwich. 


79380. 


CHARLES II, 49 


received with much commendation. The Provost, that he might 
show himself no changeling in his captious humours, after many 
encomiums of the giver and the gift, was altogether against the 
ewer’s being filled with sack, and told Halton the night before that 
it was very incongruous they should drink and wash out of the same 
vessel, and that he would satisfy you concerning it. I told him it 
was the donor’s will that it should go round the hall, and that a 
dozen bottles of sack were provided ; so he bade me do what I liked, 
but that it was against his judgment; whereupon it went round, 
and then he seemed pleased, and the young men drunk in it bare 
[headed]. We could not prevail with the Tutor to dine with us, 
it being Sunday, and he engaged to his charge at Charleton. 
Mr. Clifford is now a perfect Senior, having gone round the fire in 
the Hall upon All Hallows’ Eve. He is a civil, hopeful youth, and 
he and Colthorp are great companions. 

At All Souls’ the 13 candidates for 2 places are expecting their 
sentence; I fear Langbain will scarce be one. They talk very big 
against mandamuses; I wish there was no such thing imposed upon 
the University, yet I cannot see any reason why the King may not 
rather command that such a person should have a fellowship freely 
according to statute, than that any particular Fellow or head of a 
house should sell it for 2002. or 300l., contrary to law and reason. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. IT, 248, No. 183.] 


Memorandum [by the Navy Commissioners] that the lease and 
bond between Mr. Pett and Mr. Bowyer were delivered by the Board 
to the latter 3 Nov. 1668. [JZbid. No. 184.] 


John Badcock, carpenter of the Edgar, to the Navy Commission- 
ers. Has made Fras. Baylie a certificate, but by reason of a fair 
wind he has not had time to finish all his work on the Edgar ; much 
glass is wanting, but he will allow as much money as will glaze her 
over again. Particulars of other things wanting. Has been upon 
the ship as surveyor from 7 Feb. 1667 to 8 Aug. 1668. With 
marginal notes of the cost of the things wanting, total 14/. 10s, 0d. 
[Zbid. No. 185.] 

John Moore and Edw. Moorcock to the Navy Commissioners. 
Last spring [tide], brought the third wreck out of the middle of the 
channel on to shore, where she now ebbs dry. The channel is now 
so well open about Gillingham that the 8 frigates which came up 
last night had the advantage to take the best of it where they 
lay. Intend to weigh the flyboat on which the Helverstone was 
sunk, which broke her down to her floor. She was a large vessel, 
and one of Sir Wm. Warren’s. [Jbid. No. 186.] 


William Hannam, master attendant, to the Navy Commissioners. 
Capt. Poole with the Crown is at Purfleet; she draws 16ft. 4in. 
of water, and would have come up to Erith, but there was no room, 
from so many ships riding there. Has sent down lighters for her 
guns, and sent to the Ordnance officers to take out the ammunition. 
Is afraid all will be too little to lighten her 2ft. 4in., as the most 
water here is 14ft. at low water; also there are as many ships 


here as can ride with safety. [Jbid. No. 187.] 
D 


50 


1668. 
Novy. 3. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 4, 


Nov. 4, 
Bristol. 


Nov. 4. 


Chatham. 


Nov. 4. 


Nov. 4. 


[ Nov. 4.] 
[Nov 4] 


[Nov. 4.] 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Capt. John Tinker to Pepys. Sent for Tovey and gave him 
all encouragement; he is very willing to undertake what he 
promised [as a look-out], but desires a warrant to authorise him, 
and money, as he and his fellow ropemakers have little work and 
their trade spoiled. Has persuaded him to go and seize all that he 
knows of, saying that if he be diligent, their Honours will be kind to 
him. He will go to Hampton to-day; will give them an account 
how he acts. The boatswain of the new ship is not come down. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 248, No. 188.] 


Capt. Rob. Werden to Thos. Hayter. Asks for 80 blank tickets 
for the Norwich to be delivered to his purser. [Jbid. No. 189.] 


Fras. Baylie to the Navy Commissioners. The Hdgar sailed out 
of Kingroad with other ships, and out-sailed them all. [Ibid. 
No. 190.] : 


Sir Jobn Mennes and Commissioner John Tippetts to the Navy 
Commissioners. Shall examine the informant, and such others as 
shall be thought fit, on the charge by Martha Norwood, and give a 
full account on their return. Have paid off the Greenwich, and 
will begin the Antelope to-morrow ; have given order for fitting the 
Mary Rose, but the seamen will be unwilling to proceed without some 
of their money ; the country is cold, and they having been un- 
paid almost two years, are out of clothes and other necessaries ; 
desire advice therein. Have 8,000/. remaining towards com- 
pleting what is yet to be paid, and expect 1,5007. more from 
Maidstone. Will pay the poor widows and relations of workmen 
deceased, whose complaints are very grievous, and if anything 
remains, will discharge such as are of least use in the yard. The 
widows or relations of the deceased at Portsmouth were paid by his 


Royal Highness’s express command, which is also expected here. 
[Zbid. No. 191.] 


The King to the Vice-Chancellor of Cambridge. We recommend 
John Merrydon, M.A., for his learning and piety, and Wm. Sclater, 
for his loyalty and sufferings, for the degree of DD., without their 
being obliged to any preparation or subsequent exercises. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 87.] 


Warrant to the Ordnance Commissioners to have a general survey 
made of arms, stores, &c., in the Armoury, and an exact account sent 
in, as that office is henceforth to remain united to the Ordnance. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 87.] 


Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 248, No. 192.] 


Wm. Chiffinch to Lord [Arlington]. Pray strike out Mr. Clarke, 


and put in John Blackaby third in the list of sheriffs for Suffolk. 
[lbid. No. 193.] 


List of nominations by the Council [Nov. 3] of 3 persons from 
each county in England, to be pricked for sheriffs, with additions 


by another hand, arranged in alphabetical order of counties. 
[18 columns. Ibid. No. 194.] 


1668. 
Nov. 4. 


Nov. 4. 
Letter Office. 


Nov. 4. 


Yarmouth. 


Nov. 4. 


Falmouth. 


Nov. 5. 


Tortsmouth. 


Nov. 5. 


Nov. 5? 


Nov. ? 


Nov. ? 


CHARLES II. 51 


Similar list, marking the men chosen to serve; with those for the 
12 counties of Wales in another hand. [4 pages. S.P. Dom., 
Car. TT. 248, No. 195.] 


James Hickes to Rob. Francis. I observe that several Gazettes 
are sent weekly, with the written news, to Mr. Forster of Newcastle, 
over and above those I send him, to the prejudice of Mr. Middleton, 
clerk of that road. I have written to Forster, that it was an 
injury for him to have more Gazettes than I sent him, and he 
answers that he has left it to me; therefore I désire that no more 
may be sent, and if Forster has occasion for any, he is to send to 
Middleton; the officers of the Letter Office have no other per- 
quisites, and no intrenchment ought to be made upon their rights 


and privileges. You will do well to answer this to-morrow night. 
[Lbid. No. 196.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. Three vessels have arrived from 
Rotterdam with merchant goods, one belonging to Major Burton 
formerly of this town, now of Rotterdam; also a Yarmouth ship 
from Ostend, which reports the arrival of a vessel there with 
several hundred soldiers from Scotland. Three boys going out of 
Yarmouth harbour to catch whitings, the boat overset, and all were 
drowned. [Jbid. No. 197.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. Twenty merchantmen have gone 
for France, and the same number for the Straits. [Zbid. No. 198.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Has no news of any kind. 
[S.P. Domi, Car. II. 249, No. 1.] 


Col. Walter Slingsby to Williamson. I send you a copy of our 
patent, attested by Mr. Marsh, underlining the words upon which 
we ground our rule; having ample latitude in the patent; we only 
wish for a rule from respect to the King and Lord [Arlington]. 
Be pleased to make and keep an abstract, that it may be a little 
guide to the Lords in their resolution upon the rule. I have lost 
or-mislaid the copy of our contract with you, and want another, 
with the new clause that you desire. Endorsed [by Williamson], 
“The lottery.” [Zbid. No. 2.] 


Declaration by the King of his grant to Jos. Williamson of a 
fifth in all lotteries hereafter to be granted, except plate lotteries, 
in lieu of shares in other lotteries given up by him. [Draft. Ibid. 


No. 3.] 


Note of a grant of a lottery, “ Royal Oak,” in which Lord 
Arlington has half, Sir Jas. Dillon a fourth, and Mr. Williamson 
and others the remaining fourth. [Zbid. No. 4.] 


Proviso excepting from a warrant prohibiting lotteries that for 


loyal indigent otlicers, lately ordered to be set up for as long as they 


‘shall desire. [Ibid. No. 5.] 


Nov. ? 


R. Gillingham to Williamson. In answer to your query, I have 
taken » learned opinion, but do not think the trustees for the 
lottery for indigent officers have power to dispose of any part of 
the profits, even with consent of the officers, without a ay grant, 

D 


52 


1668. 


Nov. ? 


Nov. ? 


Nov. ? 


Nov. ? 


Nov. ? 


Nov. ? 


Nov. ? 


Nov. ? 
Nov. ? 


Nov, ? 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


The specious recitals of what the King declared about the “ Royal 
Oak ” will not bear them out against his plain prohibition of other 
lotteries for 6 years. I cannot say how far it stops the former grant 
of the “Royal Oak.” With queries prefixed [by Williamson] about 
the powers of the trustees, and proposal for half the money to be 
retained by them, on giving a reasonable value to erect therewith 
a “Royal Oak” lottery, in which Sir A. [Des Marces] and 
[Lawrence] Dupuy shall be declared to have the sole right, but 
that, during these 6 years, they will content themselves with half 
the profits. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 249, No. 6.] 


The trustees for the lottery for indigent officers to Lord 
[Arlington]. We humbly desire that as the King has referred 
the difference between the party and us trustees, he will hear no 
suggestions, but leave them and us to the referees. [10 signatures. 
Ibid. No. 7.] 

Long list of names of widows and daughters of those officers of 
the army who fell in the late King’s service, [fit to have the benefit 
of the plate lottery]. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 8.] 


Cary Heydon to Lord [Arlington]. Prince Rupert spoke to the 
King at Oxford for me for a copse of underwood, for the sake of 
my father, Sir John Heydon, Master of Ordnance to the late King, 
but it proved no benefit. The Prince has lately spoken to some of 
the Commissioners for indigent officers to give me a share in the 
lottery, for my father’s great merit, and I find them willing. I 
beg your lordship to write to them on my behalf, for my father and 
my brother, Col. Neville’s sake. [Jbid. No. 9.] 


Cary Heydon to Williamson. I have no friend among the 
lottery trustees but Mr. Slingsby, employed on my behalf by the 
Prince. I entreat you and Lord Arlington to procure me a share in 
the lotteries. I have nothing but what I receive from the King to 
keep me from starving, which is below my station as daughter of 
Sir John Heydon, who performed so many eminent services for the 
King. (Ibid. No. 10.] 

Cary Heydon to Williamson. I implore you, when the list 
of indigent officers comes in, to remember me for a share, the 
Prince having requested it from the Commissioners. [Ibid. No. 11.] 


Cary Heydon to Lord Arlington. I entreat you, for the sake 
of my father and my brother, Col. Neville, to give orders to 
Mr. Williamson for my share in the lottery. [Ibid. No. 12.] 


Petition of Honoria, widow of Capt. John Ball, to the King, for 
a recommendation to a share in the lottery on behalf of her husband, 
who served as captain of horse under the late King, and was 
imprisoned ; he was again in his Majesty’s service at Worcester. 
Has 4 children, and no provision for them. [Jbid. No. 13.] 

Similar petition. [Zbid. No. 14.] 
k Request for Lord Arlington’s assistance in her petition, [Jbid. 

Yo. 15.] 

Petition of Anna, widow of Sir Thos. Sherley, to the King, for an 

order to place her in the list of indigent people who have a share 


1668. 


Nov. ? 


Nov. ? 


Nov. ? 


Nov. ? 


Nov. 5 ? 


Nov. 5. 


Nov. 5. 


Nov. 6. 
Dublin. 


Or 
ee) 


CHARLES II. 


in the plate lottery. Her husband spent blood and fortune in the 
late King’s cause, and lost his right arm at the battle of Newbury. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 249, No. 16.] 


Margaret Holloway to Lord [Arlington]. I am the poor widow 
recommended by the Earl of Northampton, and by my uncle, Sir 
Edw. Savage, for admittance into the lottery. [Zbid. No. 17.] 


Petition of Dame Elizabeth, widow of Sir Thos. Ryves, to the 
King, for a share in the plate lottery designed for suffering subjects. 
Her husband was Advocate-General of the late King, served him 
in the wars, and died broken-hearted. [Jbid. No. 18.] 


Petition of Col. Mathew Wise and Capt. John Guillim to the 
King, for an equal share in the plate lottery for indigent officers, 
which is arbitrarily denied them by the Commissioners, though 
they have served equally with others. Have experienced many 
favours from his Majesty, and are sensible that he is not weary 
of assisting them. [Jbid. No. 19.] 


Petition of the commission officers of the late King, now 
brethren in Sutton’s Hospital, to Lord Arlington, to prevent their 
exclusion from the benefit of the plate lottery, on the ground of 
their being sufficiently provided for, since out of the 7/. a year 
allowed them, they have to pay 4l. for minor house expenses, and 
have only 3l. left for clothes and other necessaries. [Jbid. No. 20.] 


List of 11 additional officers’ widows to be received into the 
lottery (including Cary Heydon, Mrs. Ball, and Lady Sherley). 
[Zbid. No. 21.] 

Similar list, slightly differing. [Jbid. No. 22.] 

Cary Heydon to Lord Arlington. Thanks for your noble favour in 
seconding the recommendation of Prince Rupert, so that I am put 
into the list of ladies and gentlewomen to be benefited by the lottery. 
I request you, for the sake of my children and of my father’s merits, 
to interpose in any difficulty that may arise. [Zbid. No. 23.] 


List received from Col. Grey of 11 distressed officers who have 
served the late and present King, and are now private soldiers in 
the regiment of Guards, under Col. Jobn Russell, doing duty at 
Whitehall. [Zbid. No. 24.] 


Account by Thos. Lownes of tallies struck in the Exchequer 
upon the Excise, and alleged to be either burnt or lost in the fire 
of London, amounting to 52,1611. 15s. 2d. Sworn before C. Spel- 
man, and attested by him. [Jbid. No. 25.] 


M. Wren to the Navy Commissioners. Desires them to supply 
with small stores the Success, appointed to carry victuals to 
Tangier. [Jbid. No. 26.] 

Sir George Carteret to the Navy Commissioners. Ordered the 
Harp for Kinsale, but contrary winds prevented ; was forced to 
keep his chamber with a colic, or had looked after the wind 
better. Can find nobody that will advance money to pay off the 
men, upon bills on Lord Anglesey, or any one else ; the credit must 


Nov. 6. 


Nov. [6]. 
Nov. 6. 


Noy. [6]. 
Nov. 6. 


Nov. 6. 


Nov. 
Nov. 6. 


Nov. 6. 
Plymouth. 


Nov. 6. 
Nov. 7. 
Milford. 


Nov. 7. 


Nov. 7. 
Weymouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


come from England, which if they procure, Mr. Southwell of 
Kinsale will dispose of it according to directions. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT, 249, No. 27.] 


Grant to Henry Bold, B.D., of the dignity of precentor of Exeter 
Cathedral, and of a canonry there, void and in the King’s gift by 
promotion of Dr. John Wilkins to the bishopric of Chester. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom, Entry Book 19, p. 88.] 


Docquet of the above. . [Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 276.] 


Warrant for presentation of Hen. Smith to the vicarage of 
Newark-upon-Trent. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 87.] 


Docquet of the above. [Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 277.] 


Grant of denization to Hamme Salings, native of Holland. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 87.] 


Grant -of denization to Sipke Douwes, native of Holland. 
Minute. [Zbid.] 


Docquet of the above two grants. [Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 279.] 


Accounts of the Earl of Sandwich’s expenses and receipts as 
Ambassador Extraordinary to Spain and Portugal, 1666-1668; 
total receipts, 18,8957. 2s. Od.; total expenses for ordinaries, 
29,9651. 3s. Od.; for extraordinaries, 7,574. 18s. 3d. With note 
that they were examined by the Committee for Foreign Affairs, 
and allowed with certain reductions. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, 
f. 100.] 


John Clarke to Williamson. A vessel from Malaga reports that 
Capt. Rooth, with his 2 frigates that lie before Sally, has taken 
one of their men-of-war, and forced 2 or 3 more of them ashore ; 
50 ships have arrived outward bound, 18 or 20 of them being from 
Ireland and Wales, and the rest from the eastward. One of them, 
the Dartmouth frigate, is to convoy some ships to Tangier, and 
then sail to the Canaries, to convoy home the Canary fleet. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. IT. 249, No. 28.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 29.] 


John Powell to Williamson, The Fortune of Liverpool has 
arrived, with sugar and cotton from the Barbadoes, bound for 
Liverpool. [Jbid. No. 30.] 


John Powell to Hickes. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 31.] 


John Pocock to James Hickes. A French ship of Havre de 
Grace has arrived from the bank of Newfoundland, and reports that 


the bankers have had an excellent season of fishing, and taken 
much fish. [Zbid. No. 32.] 


William, Lord Allington, to Lord [Arlington]. I declined writing, 
knowing you receive constant intelligence of what passes at this 
Court from better hands, I am waiting at Paris for the return of 
spring, and intend for England on the beginning of the sessions of 
Parliament. I have not heard that the Earl of Middleton has yet 
gone to Tangiers ; if that affair be stopped, I wish I were settled there 
myself, or in anything else; you have full power to dispose of me 


1668. 


Nov. 7. 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 77. 
Whitehall. 


CHARLES II. 55 


~ "een = 


as you think best. If you have any command, a letter sent to my 
mother’s, in Drury Lane, will infallibly find me out. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 249, No. 33.] 


[Sam.] Puffendorf to [Williamson]. Pray tell me whether in 
Bacon’s works there is not a treatise on the mode and induce- 
ments for the rest of Europe to make war on Spain. The late 
Cardinal Richelieu had it translated into French, and printed in 
1635, but it can no longer be found. I have had put into the 
[French] Gazette what is devised here, but is pretended to be 
written from London. [French. Ibid. No. 34.] 


Petition of Elizabeth, wife of Thos. Wyndham, the King’s servant, 
to the King, for a lease in reversion of lands, tenements, tithes, and 
prebends specified, in Middlesex, Berkshire, Dorsetshire, Durham, 
and Cheshire, for 31 years, and at the present rents. His Majesty, 
since his restoration, has recompensed all those who were anyways 
aiding or assisting in his preservation after the battle of Worcester, 
and as she daily attended on him when he lay concealed at 
Trent, she conceives she ought to be reckoned among the number. 

With reference thereon to the Treasury Commissioners ; their 
report, 19 Nov. 1668, that it has not been usual to grant leases 
over the heads of present tenants, and is contrary to the rules to 
grant lands for a longer period than 31 years in the whole, and that 
the better way of gratifyng such as have so well deserved has been 
by a pension out of the Exchequer, which pensions have been 
constantly paid ; and further report of Lord Asbley, 14 May 1669 
that the petition is disallowed, as being not agreeable to rule. 


[Zbid. No. 35.] 
Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 18, p. 329.] 


Copy of the above petition, reference, and report. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 249, No. 36.] 


Preamble of a proposed order granting the said petition. [Jbzd. 
No. 364.] 


Petition of Elizabeth, wife of Thos. Wyndham, to the King. 
Having attended his Majesty at Trent, after the battle of Worcester, 
he was pleased to give her a warrant for a lease in reversion of 
several small leases for 31 years, but its passing is obstructed 
as being a breach of rule; yet the same thing has been granted 
by his predecessors, and by his Majesty since his restoration; begs 
an order therefore for the lease to pass, notwithstanding any re- 
striction or limitation. [Jbid. No. 37.] 


Petition of Fras. Moore, clerk, to the King, for a presentation 
to the vicarage of Bovey Tracey, Devon, James Forbes, who was 
presented by the late King, having voluntarily resigned. With 
reference thereon to the Bishop of Hereford, dean of the chapel, 
and his report on perusing the petition and some certificates in 
favour of the petition. [See p. 5 supra. Ibid. Nos. 38, 39.] 


Annexing, 


56 


1668. 


Nov. 7. 


Nov. 7. 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 7. 


Nov. 7. 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 7. 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 7. 


Bristol. 


Nov. 7. 
The Harp, 
Dublin. 


Nov, 7. 


Nov. 7. 


Tortsmouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Æ 


Certificate by Seth, Bishop of Salisbur , that Fras. Moore has 
been known to him ever since he was first created Bishop of 
Exeter, and that he has always esteemed him worthy of en- 
couragement, for ability, sedulity in preaching, loyalty and 
conversation.— Westminster, Nov. 6, 1668. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT, 249, No. 391.] 

Two entries of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 18, 

pp. 338 and 341.] 

The King to Arthur, Earl of Anglesey, late Treasurer of the Navy. 
You are to deliver up to Sir Thos. Osborne and Sir Thos. Little- 
ton, appointed Commissioners for the Navy Treasurership, the house 
lately used for that office, excepting one room needful for keeping 
your papers and making up your accounts. [Draft. S.P. Dom., 
Cur. TI. 249, No. 40.} 

Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 87.] 


The King to the Master, wardens, &c., of the Pewterers’ Company 
of London. We approve your admission of James Taudin, a natural- 
ized subject, into your society, and request that he be not molested 
as others have been, by the malicious exercise of by-laws, and thus 
have to seek relief from hard usage, he being our servant. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 25, f.'72.] 


Pass for Anne Nevill, Mary Tuchet, Katherine Berry, Anne 
Berrington, Marg. Smith, Anne Chaworth, and their servants, to 
France. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 249, No. 41.] 


Dan. Furzer to the Navy Commissioners. Sends an account of 
goods put on board the Hdgar, from those left in the yard at 
Conpill, and the stores of the Harp. With note of a copy taken of 
the above, 10 Nov., for Col. Middleton. [Zbid. No. 42.] 


Capt. Rob. Hooper to the Navy Commissioners. Could not sail 
for Kinsale because of the wind ; though some dispraise the ship, 
questions not but she may go a longer voyage. Knows nothing of any 
former proceedings, nor can find out any person that was concerned 
therein. The purser was constrained to supply us with provisions, 
there being none of the victualler’s agents here; knows bim to be 
much in debt in that place, yet has prevailed with him for more 
victuals. Will not be backward to depart when the wind serves. 
[Ibid. No. 43.] 

M. Wren to the Navy Commissioners. Desires them to give 
directions for fitting the Mary Rose, the Earl of Carlisle having 
chosen her for carrying him to Gottenburg ; so that in case the Earl’s 
departure is pressed, he may not stay for the vessel that is to carry 


him, Will send the Duke’s order for it on coming to St. James’s. 
(Ibid. No, 44] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. Sends 2 con- 
tracts ; one is for timber ready to be delivered, as soon as they order 
the 5007. which was laid aside for ready payment; if they will order 
Mr. Hayter or Mr. Ewers to receive it, remittance shall be found 
for it. Asks if the contracts are right, being unaccustomed to make 
them. The deals and wainscoat have arrived. [Jbid. No. 45.] 


1668. 
Nov. 8. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 8. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 8. 
Deal. 


Nov. 8. 


Nov. 9. 


Nov. 9. 
Falmouth. 


Nov. 9. 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 9. 
Whitehall. 


CHARLES II. 57 


Capt. John Tinker, master attendant, to Pepys. Sends a 
memorandum from Mr. Eastwood of the names of ships worked upon 
by his father: Tong has done nothing yet in looking after em- 
bezzled goods, nor durst without warrant. He says the only 
cause that moves him to undertake the business is, that his trade is 
spoiled by reason that the goods embezzled are sold at a cheaper 
rate than they can do, but knows not how to believe him. Another 
ropemaker, a man of credit, has premised to give private infor- 
mation, if his name be not discovered as an informer. Begs their 
acceptance of a small parcel of buckhorn; entreats payment of his 
bills. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 249, No. 46.] 


Chas. Whittington to Williamson. Six vessels have arrived from 
Holland, one of which met with a great ship of Sir Philip Warwin’s, 
laden from Riga, in a leaky condition, and ready to be forsaken 
by her men; but by timely assistance she was brought safe into 
Humber, A Swede come in from Stockholm reports that another, 
laden with merchant goods, put into Christiana, and coming out 
again, sank to the bottom. [J/bid. No. 47.] 


Hugh falesbury to Williamson. All things are quiet ; the new 
ship will be ready to be launched in 14 days. [Jbid. No. 48.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. The Success and Drake are still here ; 
the country remains “very whist,” attending only to their wheat 
season, which the farmers confess to be as good as they can desire. 


[Ibid. No. 49.] 


Sec. Trevor to Williamson. Let me have the treaty of the Py- 
renees between the two crowns; if there is anything distinct from 
the treaty itself, concerning the Renounce, I would be glad to see it. 
Endorsed [by Williamson], “3 bookssent him.” [Jbid. No. 50.] 


Sir P. Musgrave to [Williamson]. I have returned no acknow- 
ledgment for your zeal for me in my late concernment at the Council 
Board. I am not like one that is deeply upon the score, and there 
fore unwilling to consider my debts; I think with great satisfac- 
tion of the honour of being esteemed worthy to be obliged by 
you, and can only promise that 1 will endeavour to give you no 
cause to repent of your great generosity. [Ibid. No. 51.] 

Thos. Holden to Hickes. Arrival of ships, viz: the Good Hope 
and 50 more from Wales with coals; also 20 or 30 merchantmen 
from Yarmouth, bound for France, and the 2 Marys from London, 
who are to take in pilchards for the Straits. [Zbid. No. 52.] 

Reference to the Commissioners for alterations in the Tower, of 
the petition of Rachel Brewster, for leave to enclose a piece of ground 
for a wharf near the Tower, where some tenements stood which were 
demolished by the King’s order in the late fire. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 18, p. 339.] 

Report of Sir S. Fox, 12 Sept. 1668, [on the petition of Major 
Ben. Henshaw], that 1137. 4s. Od. was paid to him, as Major to the 
Island of Jersey from 18 Oct. 1664 to 28 July 1665; and that from 
the latter date till his company was disbanded, 27 Sept. 1667, he 


58 


1668. 


Nov. 9. 
Nov. 10. 


Nov. 10. 


Harwich. 


Nov. 10. 
Victualling 
Office. 


Nov. 10. 
The Edgar, 
Spithead. 


Nov. 10. 


Plymouth. 


Nov. 10. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 10. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


received only the pay of a captain ; also report of the Duke of Albe- 
marle, 9 Oct. 1668, that if his Majesty thinks fit to allow him major’s 
pay at 8s. a day, besides his captain’s pay, there will be due to 
him 3162. With reference of the whole to the Treasury Com- 
missioners, 9 Nov., to consider whether he may have the particulars 
proposed in his petition of 22 Aug. last, in consideration of the 
shortness of his pay. [14 pages. S.P. Dom., Oar. TI. 249, No. 53.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 18, p. 340.] 


Capt. Wm. Poole to Thos. Hayter. Asks for 80 blank tickets for 
the purser of the Crown, as the women tire him out of his life. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 249, No. 54.] 


Capt. Silas Taylor to the Navy Commissioners. Has gone on 
with the hulk as far as he is able without receiving the money im- 
prested to him; the seamen he is forced to make use of will not 
trust ; bas expended 7}. or 8/. The hulk stands still at present, and 
the muster boat will scarce come about without money to provide 
for them that sail her. [Zbid. No. 55.] 


Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. They will find 
by his account that he delivered sea victuals for 58,470 men for one 
day at Tangier, which has not been yet rated. Desires they 
will determine it, that his accounts may be settled; hopes they will 
allow him the same price as given at Leghorn, and where else the 
service abroad has called for supply, considering the charge and 
hazard of transporting it from England. With note that he is to 
bring his demand of increase of price, and the grounds of it. [Zbzd. 
No. 56.] 


Capt. John Wettwang to the Navy Commissioners. We have 
had bad weather in the passage, and carrying sail to get about the 
Land’s End, both the main and fore mast gave way in the spavings, 
being tongued with oak; he that made them deserves to be hanged, 
for if we had been on a lee shore, and forced to carry sail, all 
would have gone by the board; 3 of the chain plates have also 
broken. We were forced to get down the main topmast on deck, and 
so come here with it, otherwise it would have been gone. The 
ship is good, and sails and steers as well as any I have been in. 
I desire orders as to entering the men that came from Portsmouth ; 
they were promised by Mr. Tippetts to be entered from the day 
they left, and the officers hope to be paid from the date of their 
warrants, [Jbid. No. 57.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. The ships that put in outward bound 
have sailed ; one ship bound to the Canaries sprang a leak and is 
refitting. [Zbid. No. 58.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Edgar from Bristol has 
arrived for repairs, having sprung her mainmast, and lost her main 
topmast. [Ibid. No. 59.] 


Note of the proceedings on the adjournments of the Houses of 
Parliament, 20 Dec. 1586, 15 Feb. 1587, 30 July 1661, 9 May 1668, 
11 Aug. 1668, and 10 Nov. 1668. [15 pages, Latin. Ibid. No. 60.] 


1668. 
Nov. 11. 


Bristol. 


Nov. 11. 


Falmouth. 


Nov. 11. 
Falmouth. 


Nov. UL 


Yarmouth. 


Nov. 11. 


Nov. 11. 


CHARLES 1I. 59 


James Baskerville to Williamson. I hope the Ædgar has arrived 
at Portsmouth, the winds promising fair. Part of the teet that set 
sail some days after her has put back again. George Bishop, a 
captain in the late rebellion, the ringleader or archbishop of the 
Quakers, was buried at the Quakers’ burying ground near Redcliffe 
Church, attended by a more numerous company than I ever saw 
at a funeral before, most of them of that sect. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT, 249, No. 61.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. The Brothers’ Adventure has come 
from London for Virginia, the Dartmouth and 2 victuallers 
for Tangier, and the Industry of Falmouth from Alicant, laden 
with fruit; she was chased by 2 or 3 Turkish men-of-war. I beg 
for a land waiter’s place void in this port. [Zbid. No. 62.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. To the same effect as the preced- 
ing, and his letter to Hickes of the 9th instant. [/bid. No. 63.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. There have 30 Jaden colliers passed 
southward, and 40 light ones northward. Two Yarmouth vessels 
set sail for Rotterdam, and others have arrived from there. Several 
ships are riding in the road, bound for the Straits and Nantes with 
red herrings, and two have come in from Bordeaux bound for 
Lynn and Boston. [Jbid. No. 64.] 


J. Evelyn [Commissioner for sick and wounded mariners] to 
Williamson. I have promised you 40 times to do Mr. Smith all the 
right in my power, but Smith is never satisfied unless he can be his 
own carver, which cannot be without injury to the other officer. 
Smith was employed by a surgeon at Margate, and was to receive 
his recompense from him, and not from the Commissioners, who 
could not constitute a new and independent officer, being bound up 
to certain numbers and places by their instructions. Smith, not 
being satisfied with what the surgeon allowed him, appealed to the 
Commissioners; as they could not satisfy him, they advised 
him to submit it to arbitration, which was consented to; on the 
determination being sent, the Commissioners gave his former 
antagonist two orders on the Exchequer, with an injunction 
to allow Smith to the full of his agreement. I cannot make out 
how he now comes to trouble you or clamour against me, who am 
only one of the Commissioners, after the great pains that have been 
taken, and the lapse of time that has occurred; the only thing 
I can do is to stop the orders in the Exchequer, until our surgeon at 
Dover has given him new satisfaction. This is really hard, after 
arbitration and a silence of many months about it till now ; but as 
1 said, this I will do: si violandum in jus, violandum est amici 
causå, or if you please imperii; for gui amicum habet, habet im- 
peratorem. [Ibid. No. 65.] 

The King to the President of the College [of Physicians]. We 
have chosen Tim. Clarke to succeed the late Dr. Quatremaine as 
second physician to the royal person, and give you notice thereof, 
that he may be received into the same place in the college as en- 
joyed by Dr. Quatremaine. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 12.] 


60 


1668. 
Nov. 11. 


Nov. 11. 


Nov. 11. 


Dublin. 


Nov. 11. 


Nov. 11. 
Harwich. 


Nov. 11. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Warrant to the Treasury Commissioners to order the. officers of 
works to open the ground, dig brick, earth, and sand in Rich- 
mond Park, and cut stake, furze, and fern to burn the bricks, 
erecting kilns, &c., that the lodges, wails, and bridges there may be 
sufficiently repaired. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 88.] 


Warrant to the Duke of Buckingham, Master of the Horse, to 
swear in Wm. Legg as page of honour, in place of Sidney Godolphin. 
Minute. [Jbid.] 


Sir George Carteret to the Navy Commissioners. Though my 
son James gave his hand to the purser of the Oxford for the whole 
sun, the purser only charged him with 1421., and acknowledges by 
his account that all the rest was employed by himself in victualling 
the frigate at Gottenburg. Providing care be taken to discharge 
my son, 1 am ready, on the first notice, to pay the money either 
here or in London. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 249, No. 66.] 


Certificate by Wm. Sheldon that John Bateman, of Woolwich, 
seaman, is fit to officiate in the absence of the purser of the 
Centurion. [Ibid. No. 67.] 


Certificate by Commissioner John Taylor, that John Gregory, 
late clerk of the cheque at the yard at Harwich, had the same 
rooms in which Mr. Homewood executed the office, and that he had 
no other all the time he was in that service. [Ibid. No. 68.] 
Annexing, 

Memorandum that John Gregory served as clerk of the cheque 
from 15 May 1666, to 31 March 1668, for which time he 
prays an allowance of 8l. a year for house rent, according 
to his Royal Highness’s order, wpon appointing the execu- 
tion of the clerk of the cheque and the clerk of the survey's 
duties by two distinct persons, with the allowance of 501. a 
year, and 8l. for house rent, to the former, and 40l., with 81. 
house rent, to the latter ; but Gregory lodged in his office in 
the yard, undergoing many inconveniences by the strait- 
ness of the office, to save the allowance of house rent, so as to 
make his salary better able to support him; he had no 
more office room than his predecessor, except one room ordered 
to be built, but not yet finished. [Ibid. No. 681] 


M. Wren to the Navy Commissioners. T shall know certainly in 
a day or two the time when the Earl of Carlisle must go; if it 
happens that he must make haste, the paying of the Mary Rose’s 
company would perhaps be a cause that he might stay for the 
ship; this his Royal Highness desires to prevent, and thinks the 
continuation of the growing charge must be submitted to, till there 
be a certainty of the Earl’s voyage. The King having resolved to 
send a ship to fetch the Prince of Tuscany from Spain, his Royal 
Highness believes that Portsmouth will be the most convenient 
place for her to sail from, but does not think fit to send one bigger 
than a fourth-rate. Which of 3 named do you judge most proper for 


1668, 


Nov. 12. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov- 12. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 12. 
Woolwich. 


Nov. 12. 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 12. 


Nov. 12, 
Deal. 


Nov. 12. 


Portsmouth. 


CHARLES II. 61 


the voyage? I have notice that the Hdgar has arrived safe at 
Spithead. There will be money requisite for paying her off there. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 249, No. 69.] J 


Capt. John Tinker to Pepys. Particulars of prize goods left 
by Capt. Taply on board the Adventure, in hopes of obtaining 
a grant of them from the Duke of York, and during his absence, 
embezzled and sold by the boatswain. Wants candles and hand- 
spikes, Will be straitened for room if ordered to take in the 
Edgars guns. The wharfs are old, and have a great weight 
already. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 70.] Encloses, 


Certificate by Abra. French, and 2 others, to the officers at 
Portsmouth, of sails and cables taken out of the Charity of 
St. Malo for the use of the Adventure, by order of their 
captain, Nov. 30, 1667. With note that the boatswain 
confesses to selling the goods for 271. 10s. Od., and that the 
gunner should be examined about 2 guns that he is said to 
have sold. (Copy. Ibid. No. 701.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. Account of the 
new ship building, which has been hindered by rainy weather; can- 
not well launch these 3 weeks, as it would be a great charge 
and double the time to finish her afloat; but if they desire her 
launched, can do it next spring [tide]. Has used his utmost 
diligence. The Milford, which is to sail with her, need not be 
fitted until she is launched, as no boatswain appears, and not one 
rope is cut out for her rigging. The timber shall be let alone as 
desired; wants 10 or 12 large grindstones when the stores come 
down. [13 pages. * Ibid. No. T1.) 


Edw. Byland to Pepys. Asks for spruce deals to fit the Pearl, 
or must work oak; also for a supply of broom, reed, and hoods 
and funnels for the Portsmouth. The undertakers are desirous 
that the Phenix should be cut down. A merchant ship came 
aboard the Portsmouth’s head, and broke it; had the pilot before 
Col. Middleton, and the owners will stand to the charge, which 
will be about 40s. Wants the plumber to mend the pump, the 
yard being without water. [Jbid. No. 72.] 


Dispensation for Sir Wm. Glynne, Bart., High Sheriff of Oxford- 
shire, to reside in Bedfordshire, London, or Westminster, when his 
occasions require. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 73.] 


Cover of a letter addressed in Dutch to Capt. George Cock, 
Broad Street, London. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 249, No. 73.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. A great Ostend man-of-war ran 
against his Majesty’s ship Drake, and broke her bowsprit. Eight 
Ostend Spanish men-of-war and 55 merchantmen are in the Downs, 
bound for Spain. [Jbid. No. 74.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Hdgar has arrived at Spit- 
head. All haste is making to fit out the new ship. [Zbed. No. 75.] 


62 


1668. 
Nov. 13. 


Plymouth. 


IN OVauls: 
Minehead. 


Nov. 13. 


Petty France. 


Nov. 13. 
Oxford. 


Nov. 13. 
Whitehall. 


Nov i 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


John Clarke to Hickes. Several outward-bound vessels have 
put in here; begs to be excused writing to Mr. Williamson, having 
no news. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 249, No. 76.] 


John Maurice to Williamson. There is an abundance of herrings 
taken 4 leagues off Minehead Harbour, and likely to be a very good 
fishing; many boats are already employed, and others fitting. 
(Ibid. No. 77.j 


Viscount Scudamore to Williamson. I want the packet sent 
weekly to my house at Petty France; but if this is too much 
trouble, I will send for it. [Zbid. No. 78.] 


Hilaire Decry to Rob. Francis. I had promised some of my 
scholars the Tuesday’s Gazette, and fear they will think me in 
disgrace, and without a friend at Court, because it did not come. 
I hope there will be no room for such suspicions in future. 
Your cousin thinks you have forgotten him and your sister. I 
want my wig and books. [French. Ibid. No.79] 


Order in Council that all officers who served the late or present 
King during the late wars in England, or who have since served be- 
yond seas, and were reduced 28 Sept. 1667, shall receive half the pay 
allowed them while in actual service; and that the Duke of Albemarle 
shall give orders for adding them to the establishment. Endorsed 
with a note that 4,610/. 13s. 4d. is yearly added to this establish- 
ment, to be disposed of by the King’s especial order, directed 
immediately to the paymaster. [Zbid. No. 80.] 


Order in Council, referring to the Committee for Foreign Affairs 
the representation of the Council of Trade touching the Dutch 
ships that have liberty to trade to New York; also the narrative 
of the state and condition of the Colony of Surinam, together with 


. a letter from Serjt.-Major Banister concerning his being sent 


Noy. 13? 


Nov. 13. 


Nov. 13. 


Nov. 18. 


prisoner from that colony to Zealand; also a memorial from the 
Resident of Sweden, with certain papers annexed, touching the un- 
lading of Swedish ships lying in the river with pitch and tar 
Mbid. No, 81.] 


Ticket of invitation for Mr. Williamson to be present at the 
consecration of the Lord Bishop of Chester, at Ely House, Nov. 15. 
[Printed form. Ibid. No. 82.] 


Commissions for Sir Rob. Hildyard to be captain of the company 
of foot in the garrison of Hull whereof Sir Fras. Cobb was 
captain, and for Edw. Legard to be his lieutenant and Rob. Hild- 
yard his ensign. Minutes. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 20, p. 194.] 


Dispensation for Henry Summer, High Sheriff of Cardiganshire, 
to remain in Buckinghamshire or elsewhere. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 25, f. 73.) 


_Warrant for a grant to Mary, Countess of Falmouth, of all 
silver or gold plate belonging to the late King, detained by Eliz. 
French, and discovered by the said Countess, with power to 
sue for and recover the same. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 89.] 


1668. 
Nov. 13. 


Nov. 


Nov. 13. 
Victualling 
Office. 


Nov. 14. 
Woolwich. 


Noy. 14. 
The Edgar, 
Spitbead. 


Nov. 14. 


Nov. 14. 
Whitehall. 


CHARLES II. 63 


Grant to Wm. Lege of a pension of 120l. a year as page of 
honour. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 89.] 


Docquet of the above dated November. [Docquet, Vol. 23, 
No. 278.] 


Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. I am informed 
you can only allow 8d. a man per day for victuals delivered to 
ships at Tangier, without order from his Royal Highness, whom 
you would move therein. I intreat you to do so, and consider 
the difference between victualling at Tangier and in England. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 249, No. 83.] 


Abra. Ansley and 2 partners to the Navy Commissioners. Want 
4 of the largest granadoe shells, ready filled, for the first experiment 
on the pink, she being too weak to be weighed. Shells will not be 
of a body large enough for the Phenix ; will give an account of the 
experiment. [Jbid. No. 84.] 


Capt. John Wettwang to the Navy Commissioners. Sends a 
book of the entries and musters of men, and waits orders. Hopes 
they will be mindful of pay for himself and lieutenant from 
the date of their commission, and for the master from the date of 
his warrant, as their charges have been great. Desires order about 
entering men that came from Portsmouth, for they “keep a sad 
quarter.” [Zbid. No. 85.] 


. Certificate by Rob. Mayors that balks of 19 feet by 5 to 
6 inches are sold at 10s. 10d. apiece, and those 15 feet by 4 and 
5 inches square at 16d. apiece. [Zbid. No. 86.] 


Certificate by Lord Chamberlain Manchester. In conse- 
quence of certain addresses made to the King by Mary May, for 
an order whereby she might take legal course against Sir Hen. 
de Vic, Chancellor of the Order of the Garter—for recovery of 
money which she pretends he was indebted to her, upon a bond 
made at Brussels and taken in the name of Wm. Gibson—I 
wished to know his Majesty’s pleasure upon it, when he declared 
that the moneys were owing by himself; that it was not Sir Hen. 
de Vic’s, but his Majesty’s own proper debt, and that he was 
willing the’deponent should make this known to Hugh May, 
who prosecuted the business, and all others concerned therein. 
[Copy. Ibid. No. 87.] Annexing, 


The King to Mr. Hannam. Having heard so much of your 
affection to our person, we wished to have conferred with 
you, and would have used much freedom, but it was better 
for both that you did not stay; we believe the person then 
trusted by you intended to betray us both. We hope it will 
not be long before we meet, and without putting you to the 
trouble of a journey. If you can dispose your friends to 
assist you with the loan of such money as they cun spare, 
we will take it very kindly from them, and they shall be no 
losers. If you wre able to lend us 2001. and will deliver ut 
to Sir H. De Vic, it will be a seasonable service, and 
advance an affair in which we hope yow will all be gainers. 


64: 


1668. 


Nov. 14. 


Nov. 14. 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 14. 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 14. 
Milford. 


Nov. 14. 
Deal. 


Nov. 14. 
Wakefield. 


Nov. 15. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


With certificate by [Viscount] Cornbury, May 19, 1668, that 
the above is a copy of the King’s letter to Mr. Hannam, 
about the time, as near as he can remember, that his 
Majesty was at Brussels. [Copies. 14 pages. S.P. Dom, © 
Car. TI. 249, No. 871.] s 


Certificate by Dr. Thos. Dalton, prebendary, and Denis Grenville, 
Archdeacon of Durham, Thos. Wood, Dean of Lichfield, and- 
Sherrington Talbot, that Thomas, son of John Machon, Master of 
the Hospital of St. John the Baptist, in Lichfield, is a scholar of 
good and commendable learning, a Master of Arts, and of 13 years’ 
standing in Oxford University; that he is in Holy Orders, and 
that he has taken the Oath of Allegiance, subscribed the doctrine 
of the Church of England, and shown himself to be a true son of 
the Church. [Jbid. No. 88.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of 
George Kirk, for confirmation of the late King’s grant of the manor 
of Sheriff-Hutton, co. Yorks, and of his right to the 800th fen, 
co. Lincoln. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 18, p. 340.] 


Warrant for a counterpart to pass the great seal, of an indenture 
whereby the Duke of York grants the King 5,382/. 10s. from the 
profits of the Post Office, the reservation of the same being omitted 
from the Act of Parliament granting the said profits, and the power 
of granting wine licences, to the Duke. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 
26, f. 41.] 


John Powell to Hickes. Has no news, there being no ship- 
ping in the port. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 249, No. 89.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Several vessels drove, cut, or 
slipped through the great storm and rain, which did considerable 
harm. About 100 sail are in the Downs. [Jbid. No. 90.] 


John Peables to Williamson. Dr. Drake of Pontefract, who was 
so dignified by his Majesty after his restoration—for which he 
thanks you—desires you to procure him the small Prebend of 
South Newbold in this county. The living is only 14l. per annum, 
and has lapsed to his Majesty by the advancement of Dr. Wilkins 
to the Bishopric of Chester. [Zbid. No. 91.] 


Dr. John Pearson to Williamson. We have received a letter 


Trinity College, sent through Lord Arlington from his Majesty, for creating two 
[Cambridge.] Doctors of Divinity ; it expressly requires that they should be 


created without any previous or subsequent performances, whereas 
a late letter from the King orders us to require all performances, 
notwithstanding any command or dispensation hereafter to be 
granted. I send a copy of the letter as it came from Sir Wm. 
Morice’s office. The case standing thus, we have admitted both 
persons to their degrees upon half cautions, taking so much for 
satisfaction of the University upon his Majesty’s grant, and remit- 
ting as much to those persons, out of respect to Lord Arlington. 

We are most sensible of his Jordship’s kindness in inclining his 


1668. 


= Nov. 15. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 15. 
Woolwich. 


_ Nov. 16. 


79330, 


CHARLES IT. 65 


Majesty to visit the University when he was at Audley End, 
I desire you to take notice of the grant enclosed, when you have 
occasion to draw up any letter for degrees. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 
249, No. 92.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Edgar is ordered into 
Portsmouth, to be paid off and laid up; but the weather being 
stormy, they would not venture until a good opportunity. Twenty 
Dutch ships ride in St. Helen’s Road, outward bound, besides 
several others. [Zbid. No. 93.] 


Edw. Byland to Pepys. Has found a man who will furnish 
broom, and will use all possible rhetoric to make him flexible to 
their Honours’ desires. Intends to work oak instead of spruce 
deals on the Pearl, for want of a supply; desires orders as to 
launching and tallowing. Hopes Mr. Shish will furnish a mast 
from Deptford, the one she has being too short; has sent him the 
length. [Zbid. No. 94.] 


J. Evelyn to Williamson. I ask the Historiographer’s place, 
which is void by the death of James Howell (if there be a subsistence 
appended to it), for Chr. Wase, formerly of King’s College, Cam- 
bridge, who lost his fellowship for refusing the engagement. He is 
now schoolmaster of the Free School at Tunbridge, where his incom- 
parable parts are obscured and depressed, and the miserable creature 
ploughs for 40/. a year, which does not afford him bread. 

To render aspecimen of his universal abilities, you ought to see his 
version of Hugh Gratius’s Catechism into Greek verse, in which 
tongue he is competitor, if not superior to any of the age; and out of 
Greek into English, his admirable translation of Sophocles’s Electra, 
for which loyal poem he suffered great persecution ; out of Latin, 
old Gratius’s Cynegeticon, or poem of Hunting; with his critical and 
historical notes upon all these three authors. His talent in the Latin 
tongue, and knowledge of universal history, will be found in a large 
preface to Dictionarium minus, which contains more good matter 
than many enormous volumes. With all these excellent parts, he is 
of a most innocent, sincere, humble, and sedulous mind; his style 
is nervous and material, but quick; and he is furnished to adorn it 
with all the advantages of the most refined learning. 

In him you will have one ready to drudge for you in the most 
Herculean labours of the pen, upon any other occasions of putting 
things into Latin, and all without ever owning his merits. I will 
stand or fall in your good opinion if Wase does not make good to 
the utmost what I promise so largely in his behalf, and without his 
knowledge or seeking. He has travelled France and the Low Coun- 
tries, is skilled in all the Oriental tongues, and was once compiling the 
History of Languages. I know not what he wants to qualify him 
equal to the ablest writer of this age, but his Majesty’s favour, to give 
him bread and encouragement, that he may entirely vacate to his 
service, and begin to take off the reproaches we lie under from the 
Dutch and French scribblers, who yet poison all Europe with their 


pernicious pamphlets. [Jbid. No. 95.] 
E 


66 


1668. 


Nov. 16, 
Lamplugh. 


Nov. 17. 


Exeter House. 


Nov. 17. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 17. 
Minehead. 


Nov. 17. 
Deal. 


Nov. 17, 
Plymouth. 


Nov. 17. 
Nov, 17. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


John Lamplugh to Williamson. The Earl of Northumberland 
being dead, I suppose the young Earl will keep up the employ- 
ment of such officers of repute as his ancestors have formerly 
had. It was their practice, until the death of Sir Pat. Curwen, 
to have a gentleman of quality as Lieutenant of the Honour 
of Cockermouth, with equal power with the other auditors; my 
ancestors have had the office, as also that of Bowbearer of Wastal- 
head Forest. Pray speak to the young Earl in my behalf, as my 
situation is near the forest, and the Earl will have more occasion 
than ordinary, on the fining of the tenants, for a lieutenant who 
knows their abilities; I will serve him as faithfully as any of 
my ancestors have done his ancestors. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 249, 
No. 96.] 


Lord Ashley to Lord Arlington. His Majesty having referred 
Mr. Booth’s petition for the ground plot on which the Excise 
office stood in St. Bartholomew Lane to the Treasury Commis- 
sioners, and a report being made of his Majesty’s interest in, and the 
value of the same, he directed a warrant to pass the Seal autho- 
rising the Commissioners to assign his interest to Mr. Booth, 
who having proposed one Tomlinson to be made use of nominally 
in the warrant, and it being prepared accordingly, their lordships 
a you will offer it to his Majesty for his signature. [Jbid. 

0. 97.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Edgar cannot put into 
port for the weather. The Dutch fleet still remains at St. Helen’s 
Road. [Jbid. No. 98.] 


John Maurice to Williamson. The John of Watchet, a new 
ship of 100 tons, built at Watchet Creek 5 miles distant, has been 
brought into the harbour, being bound for Virginia. [Jbid. No. 99.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Eight ships have arrived, very much 
damnified by the weather, and report that 80 sail left Bordeaux, 
and that they fear part have miscarried. Upwards of 115 ships 
are in the Downs, of which 10 are Spanish and 50 Dutch. [Zbid. 
No. 100.] 


John Clarke to Williamson. There are 30 sail of ships bound 
for Bilbao, Calais, &c., waiting for a fair wind to sail. [Ibid. 
No. 101.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 102.] 


Proposals by Capt. Moorcock and Boatswain Moore to the Navy 
Commissioners, about weighing the wrecks in the Medway; that 
3 hoys be dismissed till February, and then, on the first light moon, 
remove one of the wrecks; that their men, 20 in number, be em- 
ployed in securing and transporting ships as needed, in sweeping 
the river for anchors, guns, &c., and in taking advantage of low 
ebbs, to gain fastenings on wrecks yet unweighed, being paid and 
victualled as usual. With note that the receipt of the clerk of 
the cheque and storekeeper at Chatham, for several anchors weighed 


by them and put into the stores, was delivered to Sir John Mennes. 
[Zbid. No. 103.] 


1668. 
Nov. 17. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 17. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 17. 


Nov. 18. 


CHARLES TI. 67 


Capt. John Tiuker, master attendant, to Pepys. The boat 
swain of the Adventure is suspended, according to warrant, 
and is coming to London to answer for himself. Has told 
the officers of the Ordnance about the guns lying on the wharf, 
but they cannot remedy it; 76 have to come out of the Edgar, and 
it will be a great charge to make room for them. [Damaged. 
S.P. Dom., Car. II. 249, No. 104.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. Shall dock the 
Milford. The caulkers from London ask board wages, as being 
strangers, they cannot get sufficient credit to subsist, Hopes they 
will mind the 3007. for the timber. The Edgar could not come into 
harbour through the bad weather. [Damaged. Ibid. No. 105.] 


Rear-Admiral Rich. Utber to Pepys. Prays him to move 
the Board for an order for what is due on his pension, and give 
it to his friend Mr. Knight. [Ibid. No. 106.] 


Capt. Walter Perry to the Navy Commissioners. Particulars of 


Emsworth sloop, the loss of a cask of pork, containing their 8 months’ supply, which 


olehaven. 


Nov. 18. 


Yarmouth. 


Nov. 18. 
Victualling 
Office. 


Nov. 18. 
Woolwich. 


Nov. 18. 
York. 


Nov. 18. 


Portsmouth. 


fell overboard in being hoisted. Asks for another, as they are 
wintering, and shall want it. [Jbid. No. 107.] 


John Huntington, master of the Adam and Eve, to the Navy 
Commissioners. Being near the Humber on the 15th, a storm came 
suddenly upon them, and split the seams, which taking in much 
water, it washed the ballast all over the hold, and staved two butts 
of beer. Got into Yarmouth, leaving anchor and cable behind. Re- 
turned by land to Winterton, took a boat, and has recovered the 
anchor and cable; hopes to be ready to proceed in 2 days. [Jbid. 
No. 108.] 


Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. Considering the 
charge of freight, hazard at sea, &., of victuals delivered to ships 
at Tangiers and Cadiz, hopes they will allow him 9d. a day per 
man, being the amount it lays him in. [Jbid. No. 109.] 


Edw. Byland to Col. Middleton. Sends Goodman Saywell to 
treat for furnishing reed. Shall launch the Pearl on Monday or 
Tuesday. Has sent to Capt. Hannam concerning the Crown, and 
presumes he will be down this morning. [Lbid. No. 110.] 


John, Lord Frescheville, to Lord [Arlington]. The particulars of 
the quarrel between 2 soldiers in my troop, in which one was slain, 
are that Swan came expressly to affront Hodgson—who isa civil man, 
and served the late and present King—gave him great provocation, 
and drew upon him. I think Hodgson should be delivered, 
though violently prosecuted by Swan’s friends, and by those too 
who wish the King had neither soldiers nor sword, and who 
were never more numerous than at present. [2 pages. Ibid. 
No. 111.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Dutch fleet stil: continues 
at St. Helen’s Road; the Edgar remains at Spithead. [Zbid. 


No. 112.] 
E 2 


68 


1668. 
Nov. 18. 


Yarmouth. 


Nov. 18. 


Nov. 18. 


Nov. 18. 


Nov. 18. 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. Several ships have sailed for the 
Straits, and one for Cadiz, with lead, tar, and herrings, and others 
are lading. Twelve sail are riding in the Roads, bouud for various 
places. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 249, No. 113.] 


Speech of Sir P. Musgrave to the mayor and aldermen of Car- 
lisle. We are met on the occasion of carrying out the order 
in Council, made on hearing the business between myself and 
Mr. Aglionby. I did not petition against the City, only against Ag- 
lionby’s proceedings. But in return it was voted that the ground 
of my complaint could not be reversed. Persons of quality assisted 
therein, who should be present to-day rather to countenance the 
King’s order, than an order reflecting on his prerogative and the 
privileges of garrisons. All professed to have nothing against 
me, being forced to use this gloss, or well-meaning citizens 
would not have been drawn into the snare; but the King saw in 
it a design to blast my reputation and heave me out of 
my place. All imaginable arts were used to find matter against 
me. Some were courted and tempted with rewards, and others 
tried with threats, to bring complaints, and they did not forbear to 
rake into the ashes of the dead, and the actions of persons done 
years ago. Some are malicious enough to cali me to account for 
acts in time of war, getting the King’s pardon, &c., but have been 
unable to fix dishonour upon me, or show any reason for their 
envy, except my being employed by my Sovereign. 

It is of concern to his Majesty that a good understanding should 
exist between the garrison and the citizens; therefore, forgetting 
the injuries intended, I will endeavour it by ali just means, and 
hope the citizens will do the like, and discover their displeasure 
against those factious spirits and hot-headed people that love 
disputes. If they will not, I am bound to let them know that it 
is not the part of good subjects to create misunderstandings because 
they are angry ; I hope you will endeavour to preserve that opinion 
which you have gained with sufferings, of being as loyal subjects 
as in any city in England. [11 pages. Ibid. No. 114.] 


Memorandum that the King be moved that vacancies which 
happen by the death of any of the Commissioners of Appeal may 
not be supplied, but that their number may fall as they die; also 
asked whether he thinks fit to bestow a pension of 200l. a year, 
being the salary of one of them, on Sir Sam. Morland. Noted as 
agreed to. [lbid. No. 115.] 


Warrant for Charles, Duke of Richmond and Lenox, to preserve 


the game in the whole county of Kent. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 89.] 


The King to the Masters of the Bench of Lincoln’s Inn. Sir 
Thos. Beverley, Master of Requests, has been fined by you 200 
marks for not having read in his course as reader. This proceeding 
intrudes on the privileges and immunities of our servants; we 
require you to discharge Sir Thomas from the said fine, and leave 


CHARLES Il. 69 


1668. 
him to the quiet enjoyment of his chamber, as long as he holds the 


place of Master of Requests. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 13.] 
Annexing, 


Order in the Council of Lincoln’s Inn, that Sir T. Beverley 
be fined 200 marks for not reading in his course, and, im 
default of payment, yield wp his Bench chambers.—Lin- 
coln’s Inn, 20 April 1668. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 249, 
No. 116.] 


[Nov. 18.] Four drafts of the above, with differences. [Zbid. Nos. 117-120.] 
[Nov. 18.] Another draft. 


Nov. 18. Petition of Dame Ann, widow of Sir Richard Fanshaw, late 
Ambassador to Spain, to the King, for payment of 1,0007. omitted 
in a privy seal drawn for 1,000. instead of 2,000/., for her expenses 
in bringing her husband’s dead body and her children and servants, 
60 persons in all, a six months’ land journey from Madrid to Lon- 
don ; and also for interest at 6 per cent. for 3 years on the money 
due to him, which was 5,900/. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 249, No. 121.] 


Nov. 19. Petition of Capt. Thos. Segar, son of Sir Wm. Segar, late Garter 

Whitehall. King-at-Arms, to the King, for a grant of the Pursuivant’s place in 
the Heralds’ Office, vacant by death of Mr. Hornybrooke. Has 
suffered much misery through his loyalty, having been sequestered 
and removed from place to place, sleeping on shipboard and under 
hatches, &c., until at last he broke out of imprisonment, with a 
great deal of hazard, and made his escape, as Dr. [Rich.] Sterne, 
Archbishop of York, and divers others can testify. With reference 
thereon to the Commissioners for the office of Earl Marshal, and 
their report in favour of the petition. [Jbid. No. 122.] 


Nov. 19. John Moorhouse to the Surveyor of the Navy. His accounts for 
Waltham Forest were passed, and a bill signed these two years ; 
but against him bills of imprest still lie for 6002., and he cannot 
call them in, as his bill amounts to 693l., and there is no money to 
pay the 93/. Desires that his salary, which is included, may be 
put into a distinct bill, so that he may take up his imprest bills. 
There are 7 oaks in Whittlewood Forest, felled by John Langrack, 
deceased, which are unfit for timber, but will make good barrel 
boards, and will produce 7l. for every 1,000 boards. Wants a bill of 
imprest for 2007. It is a seasonable time for felling timber ; it will 
save 6d. per 100 planks on the spring prices, and will give them 
time to season. [Jbid. No. 123.] 


Nov. 19. William Sheldon, clerk of the cheque, to Thos. Hayter. Asks 

Woolwich. whether the officers suspended, and re-admitted by order from the 
Board, shall stand cleared without any abatement of victuals or 
wages. Sends orders already received therein, and begs their 
return. [Jbid. No. 124.] 


Nov. 19. Capt. John Tinker to Pepys. Will proceed to fit the Portland 
Portsmouth. and Milford, and requests a warrant for entering men. 


70 


1668. 


Nov. 19. 


Nov. 20. 


Nov. 20. 


Nov. 20. 


Noy. [20]. 
Nov. 20. 


Nov. 20. 
Nov. 20. 
Nov. 20. 
Plymouth. 


Nov. 20. 


Novy. 21. 


Portsmouth. 


DOMESTIC ‘STATE PAPERS. 


Most of the Edgars men are willing to enter, and it would 
save conduct money. Handspikes are very much wanted; the foul 
weather hinders the Edgar from coming in. [Damaged. S.P. 
Dom., Car, IT, 249, No. 125.] 


Certificate by Capt. Rich. Country, that he was put from his 
anchors in the Downs by an Ostend man-of-war, and forced to 
have John Culmer’s boat and men for 8 days, to save the anchors. 
[Lbid. No. 126.] 


Certificate by J. Pearse that Capt. Narbrough, late commander 
of the Assurance frigate, was dangerously wounded by a musket- 
shot, at the taking of Surinam from the Dutch, and that the stiff- 
ness consequent thereon is not likely to be repaired by time and age. 
[Lbid. No. 127.] 

Reference recommending to the Treasury Commissioners the 
petition of Col. Guy Molesworth, for a life in reversion of the 
Keepership of the Custom House, London, fee 400. a year, he being 
in great want, and having served the late King throughout the 
rebellion. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 18, p. 341.] 


Presentation of Fras. Moore to the vicarage of Bovey Tracey, co. 
Devon. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 89. See p. 55 supra. ] 


Docquet of the above. [Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 280.] 


Commission for Bevill Skelton to be captain. Minute. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 20, p. 195.] 


Dispensation for Sir Peter Brook, Bart., High Sheriff of the 
County Palatine of Chester, to repair to Lancashire or elsewhere 
when necessary. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 73.] 


Warrant to Edward, Earl of Manchester, to preserve the game 
within 10 miles of Waltham Abbey, Essex. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 89.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. All the ships still remain here, waiting 
for a fair wind to carry them out of the Channel. [S.P. Donu, 
Car. TI. 249, No. 128.] 


Sir R. Murray to Williamson. I ask you to draw a warrant 
appointing Dr. Williams Assay Master for the Tin; he told Lord 
Arlington that the King had been moved in the business and 
granted it, and his lordship desired Dr. Williams to direct you to 
prepare it. [Jbid. No. 129.] 


Capt. Anth, Deane to Williamson. I send a letter received from 
my friend abroad, wherein you will see he gives a very good hint 
of the great preparation of the French King’s fleet; in a short time 
he will have such an one as may well give fears to those not so well 
provided either with ships or money, for he pays all workmen every 
15 days, and therefore is well served. Pray send those letters of 
mine and his wife’s to St. Malo, which will be an encouragement; I 
hope I shall content his lordship [Arlington] on my return, as no man 
living can better understand the affair. Pray acknowledge the 
receipt of the letters, as the miscarriage would be of ill consequences 
to my friend. [Zbid. No. 130.] 


1668. 


Nov. 21. 
Deal. 


Nov. 21. 


Nov. 21. 


[Nov. 21.] 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 21. 


Nov. 21. 


Nov. 21. 
Woolwich. 


Nov. 21. 
Dublin. 


Noy. 21. 
Harp frigate. 


Nov. 21. 


CHARLES II. 71 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. The great fleet of about 100 sail 
still remains in the Downs. A Dutch ship was on the Goodwin 
Sands, but being fine weather, was got off. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 
249, No. 181.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners and the Lord Lieu- 
tenant of Ireland, of the petition of Thos. Tillson, for payment of 
his salary of 6001. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 18, p. 343.] 


Game warrant for Sir Ralph Hare, Bart., of Stow, co. Norfolk, 
within 10 miles distance of Stow. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 25, f. 73.] 


Order for a warrant to pay from the farm of the customs of 
unwrought wood, &c., granted to Sir Rob. Paston, the 462/. 10s. 
quarterly allowed to Lord Arlington and Sir John Trevor each, re- 
moving it from the Post Office, on account of the many charecs 
thereon. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 249, No. 132.] 


Entry of the above, with differences. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 26, 
f. 42.] 


Request by Col. Thos. Middleton that Sam. Pett, employed 
under Mr. Norman, late clerk of the survey at Chatham, may be 
continued under Mr. Homewood, the present clerk of the survey 
there, and entered on the quarter books. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 
249, No. 133.] 


Wm. Sheldon to [the Navy Commissioners]. There are several 
pressed caulkers in the works at Woolwich that may be discharged. 
The money due to them will amount to 68/. Desires their order 
therein. [Zbid. No. 134.] 


J. Brisbane to Pepys. Intreats, on behalf of Capt. Hooper 
of the Harp, that when order is taken for paying her, an account 
may be taken of her supernumeraries, which he affirms are none at all, 
or that his pay may not be stopped above what may answer that parti- 
cular. Sends a petition, &c., of the boatswain, that the person en- 
trusted to pay the frigate may pass his accounts. He is a very able 
officer and sober man, and deserving of kindness. [Jbid. No. 135.] 


Capt. Rob. Hooper to the Navy Commissioners. Thos. Chapman, 
his boatswain, has behaved himself civilly and honestly while he 
has commanded, and shown certificates from former commanders to 
the same purpose. Desires they will order the passing of his 
accounts here, that he may receive his money when the frigate is 
paid, and not be put to the trouble and charge of going to London, 
he being a poor man with a great family. With note, 10 Dec., that 
Mr. Tippetts, in Col. Middleton’s absence, is to examine the boat- 
swain’s account. [Jbid. No. 136.] 


J. Clerke to [the Navy Commissioners.] Desires that a valuation 
may be made of the goods taken by Mr. Acworth out of the stores, 
with names of the parties who will attest it, and that all the wit- 
nesses may be ready by Wednesday sevennight. [Jbid. No. 137.] 


72 


1668. 
Nov. 21. 
Ordnance 

Office. 


Nov. 21. 


Harwich. 


Nov. 22. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 22. 
Falmouth. 


Nov. 22. 
Deal. 


Nov. 23. 
Deal. 


Nov. 23. 
Deal. 


Nov. 28. 


Pendennis. 


Nov. 23. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Fras. Nicholls, and two others to Pepys. Send a warrant by the 
Duke of York for delivering the Charles yacht, and desire he 
will send order to Portsmouth for her delivery to Hen. Morris, who 
will leave the Ordnance smack, the Content, in her stead. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. TI. 249, No. 188.] 


Capt. Silas Taylor to the Navy Commissioners. Has had suffi- 
cient trouble, between the want of money, and the storms that 
continued 4 or 5 days, and were so violent that several ships and 
other vessels were forced from their anchors. Caused bills to be 
set up at Ipswich and Colchester, for the sale of the hulk by inch 
of candle; she was appraised at 90l. and sold for 1057.. Took out 
the mast, shears, and rigging, but could have wished, because of 
their rottenness and little use, that they had been sold, as it would 
have increased her price, and the charge of unrigging would have 
been saved, [Jbid. No. 139.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. One of the Navy Commisioners 
has arrived to pay off and discharge the seamen of the Edgar, when 
they come into port ; 16 men carrying a piece of timber for the new 
ship, and coming upon the stage, the rope broke, and they fell down 
with their burthen ; all the men were bruised and hurt, but none 
killed; the ship building for swiftness is nearly ready to launch. 
[Zbid. No. 140.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. Departure of ships; the Dartmouth 
and 2 others with provisions for Tangiers, the 2 Marys of London 
with pilchards for the Straits; the Brothers’ Adventure for Vir- 
ginia, &e. [Lbid. No. 141.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Divers small ships have gone; one 
bound for Kinsale and Barbadoes sent a boat to weigh her anchor ; 
the boat upset, 2 men were drowned and 1 saved. [Jbid. No. 142.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. The Success and the remainder of 
the fleet outward bound have sailed from the Downs. There is 
only the Drake of his Majesty’s ships in the Downs. The ship 
that was on the Goodwin came from Hamburg, bound for Leghorn, 
and is commanded by Capt. Church, an Englishman, who for his 
baseness is called Dog Church. [Zbid. No. 143.] 


M. Lodge to Williamson. The fleet had sailed 8 hours before the 
receipt of the letter for Sir Rob. Southwell; I will keep it until I 
hear further, or until some ship comes into the Downs bound for 
that place. [Zbid. No. 144.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. Capt. Trevanion, of the Dartmouth 
frigate, has gone, and 3 or 4 others, with Sir Denis Gauden’s pleasure 
boat, formed part of her convoy. [Jbid. No. 145.] 


John Bishop of Durham to Williamson. I send the complaint 
received from Newcastle about the seditious meetings of the congre- 
gation of Saints ; I acquainted Sec. Trevor therewith while waiting 
at Court for the coming of Lord Arlington. I beg his lordship’s 
notice given me of his Majesty’s consent to Ralph Coie being a 


1668. 


Nov. 23. 


Nov. 23. 


Nov. 23. 
Nov. 23. 


Nov. [23.] 
Nov. 23. 


CHARLES II. TƏ 


deputy-lieutenant for the County Palatine of Durham. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT, 249, No. 146.] Encloses, 


Information and complaint of Thos. Naylor, minister in the 
chief church of Newceastle-wpon-Tyne, to the Bishop of Dur- 
ham. There was a public meeting on the Lst of November in 
Barber Surgeons’ Hall, Newcastle, of 500 of the congregation 
of Kaints, headed and led by Gilpin, notoriously known to be 
disaffected to Government, who caused the 149th Psalm in 
meter to be sung, containing the Lnes— 

To bind their stately kings in chains, 
Their lords in iron bands, 
To execute on them the doom 
That written is before, 
This honour all his Saints shall have, 
Praise ye the Lord therefore. 
thus giving notice to all others in the town and country what 
their seditious designs wre, in applying this Psalm to them- 
selves. Gilpin much molested Westmoreland and Cumberland, 
and was so prosecuted by Sir Philip Musgraves legal proceed- 
ings that he made him leave the country, and, fearing he might 
do as much mischief in Newcastle, gave notice thereof, that 
heed might be taken of him, and his evil designs prevented. 
There are 3 others named, Durant, Leaver, and Pringle, 
who join themselves together, and keep great assemblies of 
people in a house at Newcastle. The Mayor has forbidden 
them all to meet any more at so public a place as Surgeons’ 
Hall, but I hear of no further proceedings being taken.— 
16 Nov. 1668. [Lbid. No. 1461.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of John 
Bishop of Chester, for a longer time for payment of the sums at 
which he is chequed in the Exchequer books. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 18, p. 842.] 

Warrant for a grant to Dr. Thos. Williams of the reversion, after 
Thos. Wiseman, of the office of Assay Master of all coinages of tin in 
Devon and Cornwall; with a memorandum that John Williams, his 
son, was included in the same grant. by a new warrant on 27 Nov. 


Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 89.] 
Notes of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 249, No. 147.] 


Order for a warrant to the officers of the Exchequer, to empower 
Sir George Benyon, Fras. Finch, and Edw. Wingate, as trustees in 
behalf of the Crown, to assign over the lease of the land whereon 
stood a house, employed as the Excise Oftice, situate in St. Bartho- 
lomew Lane, near the Royal Exchange, but burned in the fire of 
London, to Rich. Tomlinson, apothecary, of St. Paul’s parish, Covent 
Garden. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 90.] 


Doequet of the above. [Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 278.] 


Lease from Prince Rupert, Constable and Governor of Windsor 
Castle and honour, to Wm. Row, of New Windsor, Berkshire, for 
40 years, of the part of the castle ditch between that part held by 
John Randall, and the tenement which Row holds of the mayor 


7A 


1668. 


Nov. 23. 


Maidstone. 


Nov. 24. 
Woolwich. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


and bailiffs of New Windsor, with the adjoining part of the tene- 
ment, being that in which he now lives, on rent of 12 pence. 
[Not signed. Case C, Charles II., No. 10.] . 


John Mason to the Navy Commissioners. Asks for payment to 
his wife of his bill, the better to enable him to perform his contract. 
Is hastening the timber to the dock, or should have waited on them 
himself. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 249, No. 148.] 


Edw. Byland to Pepys. Intends to launch the Pearl, and 
dock the Assistance. The calkers have perfected the ships afloat; 
will discharge them to-morrow. Intreats for their money, as it will 
encourage them and others to attend when occasion requires. The 
undertakers intend to attempt to right the House Sweede to- 
morrow, and to heave her further into shoal water, so as to clear 


` her hold; will be at leisure to assist them with his strength; it had 


Nov. 24. 


Victualling 
Office. 


Nov. 24. 
The Edgar, 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 24. 


Nov. 24. 


London. 


Nov. 24. 
Plymouth. 


Nov. 24. 


Portsmouth. 


been to-day but for launching the Pearl. [Jbid. No. 149.] 

Thos. Lewis to Pepys. Sends accounts of the sale and disposition 
of biscuit, beef, and pork, provided in prosecution of the declaration 
of 1 Dec. 1666, and not taken off. With note that the enclosures were 
delivered by the Navy Commissioners to Sir Wm. Penn. [Jbid. 
No. 150.] 


Capt. John Wettwang to the Navy Commissioners. Got the 
Edgar to Portsmouth to her moorings, and now she is unrigged ; if 
he can have a lighter, may get most of her guns out. Desires further 
commands. [Jbed. No. 151.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of John, 
Bishop of Chester, for remission of the bonds which he has given 
for the first fruits of several dignities and promotions ecclesiastical, 
which he is leaving void. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 18, p. 342.] 

Mdme. de Schomberg to [the Duke of Buckingham ?]. I went as 
wife of the second son of M. de Schomberg from France to Portugal, 
where after awhile he entreated me to renounce my marriage, pro- 
mising me a good pension if I would, and threatening ruin and 
perdition if I refused. He leaves me, refuses me maintenance, 
urges me to let him marry again, and declares I am not his lawful 
wife. I beg leave to go to Paris, to claim from the King of France 
justice against such barbarous actions. I lodge in old Pall Mall. 
[14 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 249, No. 152.] Annexing, 

Certificate of Peter Malles, rector of St. John’s du Perrot, Roch- 
elle, of the marriage by him of the Marquis of Schomberg 
near the Rhine, second son of Count Schomberg of the Portu- 
guese army, to Barbara Ludovica Rizze, daughter of Hiero- 
nymo Rizze, of Montferrat in Italy, at the house of André 
Moreau, near Rochelle, 8 Aug. 1667. (Latin. Ibid. No. 1521.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. The fleet of merchantmen has sailed, 
and the Roebuck is come in from Ireland. [Ibid. No. 153.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson, The Edgar has come in; she 
is a very stout ship, 126 ft. by 39 ft. 10 in., and the largest of any 
of the rate in England. The Dutch fleet has sailed from St. Helen’s, 
[Zbid. No. 154.] 


1668. 


Nov. 24. 
Christ Church 
Oxford. 


Nov. 25. 
Falmouth. 


Nov. 25. 
Falmouth. 


Nov. 25. 


Nov. 25. 


Yarmouth. 


Nov. 25. 
Bristol. 


Nov. 26. 


Harwich. 


CHARLES II. 75 


H. Decry to Rob. Francis. I lear being in the hands of a rogue, 

» who only brings my letters just when they ought to be answered ; 

T beg that the date may be put on the outside of the cover, so that 

the trickery may be proved; also that you will put when you 

receive my letters, lest there be the same negligence or malice about 
them. [French. S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 249, No. 155.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. The Hope of Texel has arrived from 
Bordeaux, laden with wine. She was like to have been cast away 
near St. Ives, but by much industry and cost, has safely come into 
harbour, and they are now selling some of her wine to make satis- 
faction. Four others}have also come in, which left the Downs in 
company with 50 sail, bound for France. [Jbid. No. 156.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. To the same effect as the preceding, 
and his letter to Hickes of the 22nd. [Jbid. No. 157.] 


Steph. Gwillyn to Williamson. Pray look out the Bishop 
of Carlisle’s petition for a commission to examine witnesses touch- 
ing the dilapidations of Rose Castle, Cumberland, left by the Arch- 
bishop of York, upon his translation from Carlisle to York. It was 
drawn by Sir Charles Harbord and Sir Walter Walker, and delivered 
to Lord Arlington in 1667. When found, I beg you will promote 
the prosecuting of it to his Majesty; I will pay all fees, with an 
additional acknowledgment. [Jbzd. No. 158.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. Eight ships have sailed with red 
herrings, lead, and tar for the Straits. The town never had such 
great adventures thither before, 40 sail having gone or going on their 
own account. Six Yarmouth ships have arrived from Rotterdam. 

It is reported that George England has got clear of being sheriff 
for the county, by means of Sir Wm. Doyley, who could do no less, 
Mr. England being a grand instrument to get Sir William burgess 
for Yarmouth. I cannot imagine what excuse can be made, as he has 
an estate worth 30,000/. or 40,000/., and is a healthful, stirring man. 
There are in other corporations, as well as this, gentlemen who have 
in the late troublesome times, by a fair compliance, got great estates, 
whilst the loyal party have been ruined; men of mean extract, and 
as meanly bred, who deride the gentry, and will no ways concern 
themselves with public business that may create them either charge 
or trouble. [Jbid. No. 159.] 


Sir John Knight to the Navy Commissioners. Has given a 
warrant to Mat. Stevens and John Jones of Bristol, to inventory 
and appraise the goods in the yard at Conpill, in order to publish 
the sale. Sends account of payments for the Hdgar and the Merlin 
yacht, amounting to 364l. 14s. 10d.; has only received 200/., the 
1201. last charged not being paid. Requests its payment; will send 
his vouchers, if required. Hopes they will allow his account, and 
order his imprest bills of exchange. Capt. Wettwang has been very 
faithful and careful in despatching the Edgar, and has saved some 
hundreds of pounds to his Majesty. [Zbid. No. 160.] 


Capt. Silas Taylor to the Navy Commissioners. I had Capt. Cars- 
lake’s assistance in everything concerning the sale of the hulk, The 


76 


1668. 


Nov. 26. 
Stockwith. 


Nov. 26 ? 


Nov. 26. 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 26. 


Nov. 26. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 27. 
Plymouth. 


Nov. 27. 


[Nov. 27.] 
5 Cal. Dec. 


Oxford. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


chapman, Mat. Doddesley, purser of the Adventure, refuses either 
to sign the contract or to pay the money, alleging that the King 
accepts two-thirds in bills, and one-third in money. I could not 
avoid his bidding and buying, but his intermeddling in the business 
has put me to straits; hoping to reimburse by the sale, I paid 
away all the money I had, or could procure, to satisfy clamorous 
persons employed by your order, who think themselves abused if 
the money be not paid at the end of the labour. I desire payment 
of 201. ordered by bill of imprest; I dare not rely on Doddesley, he 
being so dilatory and full of cavil, and shall leave him to your 
Honours, either to give him a sharp reproof, or else to order him as to 
you shall seem best. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 249, No.161.] Encloses, 


Appraisement by Miles Hubbard and 2 others of the Rosebush 
hulk ; total, 901.—-19 Nov. 1668. [Zbid. No. 1611.] 


Nich. Weymouth and Chris. Seely, masters of the Macklier and 
Black Posthorse hoys, to the Navy Commissioners. We are in want 
of provisions, and desire you to consider how we shall be supplied. 
[Zbid. No. 162.] 


Request addressed by Thos. Hobbes to the Royal Society, for 
their examination of a geometrical proposition by Dr. Wallis on 
motion, and of one by himself, to find a strait line equal to two- 
fifths of the are of a quadrant. [Printed. See Philosophical 
Transactions, Vol. I., pp. 864-876. Ibid. No. 163.] 


Warrant for a grant to Sir John Trevor of the office of a principal 
Secretary of State, void by surrender of Sir Wm. Morice, with 
pension of 100/. a year. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 74.] 


The King to the Dean and Chapter of Exeter. Having appointed 
Hen. Bold precentor there, to which dignity a canonry of right 
belongs, we require you to elect him canon residentiary, in place of 
Dr. John Wilkins, now Bishop of Chester. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 19, p. 88.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Milford has come into the 
dry dock to be fitted for sea; Capt. John Hubbard has arrived to 
command her. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 249, No. 164.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. Several ships have arrived from Bor- 
deaux, with French wine and prunes; also a vessel from Portugal 
laden with oranges. [Jbid. No. 165.] 


John Clarke to Williamson. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 166.] 


Sir Hen. Smith to Williamson, I write from gratitude, not ambi- 
tion, to give an account of my charge. Mr. Clifford, since his entrance 
into the Academy, has done nothing unworthy of a noble father, is 
pure from the vices of the age, of good disposition, and very docile ; 
he loses daily his rustic shyness. His backwardness is the fault of 
his former tutor, who soothed when he should have chastised him, 
so that the sparkle of intellect being now laid to sleep, it will 
require Herculean force to awaken it. I will spare no industry 
therein. [Latin. Ibid. No. 167.] 


1668. 


Nov. 27. 
Barnstaple. 


Nov. 27. 


Deal. 


Nov. 27. 


Yarmouth. 


Nov. 27. 


Newcastle. 


Nov. 27. 


Newcastle. 


CHARLES II. . 77 


Wm. Wakeman to Williamson. The John and Andrew has 
arrived from St. Lucar, with salt and wine. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 
249, No. 168.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Three East India ships have come 
from the Thames, outward bound. The Drake is the only King’s 
ship in the Downs. The vessel that struck on the Goodwiu Sands 
is unloading, and carrying her goods to Dover, where she is to go, 
when light, to have a new rudder. [Jbid. No. 169.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. I repeat the contents of my letter 

of 9 October as to the proceedings of the Independent party and 
Mr. Bridge. I find that my information was sent to Mr. Bridge 
by a friend at Court, and that James Johnson of Yarmouth has 
received an order to draw up some queries and require our minister, 
Mr. Spendlow, to answer them, with strict charge to be very private 
in it. Spendlow asked me if I had written up anything concerning 
Bridge. I urged him to give me a reason for his asking, and was in- 
formed of the demand from Johnson, who stated the King had read 
the letters concerning Bridge. I told him that there was a puzzle 
in it, and that the order to Johnson must come from some person 
that wished well to Bridge and his party, and therefore advised him 
to decline answering, unless required by authority, or unless 
Johnson would let him see the hand that was set to the order, 
which he refusing, Spendlow refused also, adding that if he gave 
any answer, it would be only confirming what had been stated. 
Johnson replied that then he should not desire it. I believe it was 
Sir Wm. Doyley that wrote to Johnson, as Johnson is his agent ; and 
it is not denied by Bridge’s son-in-law. 
. It is not the first time the people here have been acquainted with 
the contents of my letters, which gives me the report of a turbulent 
person; I have no prejudice against any man for his judgment, 
unless tending to subvert Government, whose commands make in- 
different things lawful or unlawful; I have never been contentious, 
and only state miscarriages because required. I must be sparing 
in things of this nature for the future, but whatever I have written 
for truth, I will make so appear. I desire that Spendlow may be 
required to give his answer to the letter of 9 October. 

There are 20 sail of light colliers passed northward, and a vessel 
has come in from Malaga, bound for Dantzic, upon some London 
merchants’ account. A wreck being espied near the sands, several 
boats went off, and report it to be a Swede of 200 tons, laden with 
clapboard. [14 pages. Ibid. No. 170.] 


Fras. Anderson to Henry Brabant. The fanatics have had a 
public fast, but for what is not known. Gilpin, Durant, Pringle, 
and Leaver were the preachers. It was a business above any 
example I have heard of, and is only in the power of the King and 
his Council. Deputy-lieutenants are much wanted. [Jbid. No. 171.] 


Ralph Gray to Hen. Brabant. I entreat you to buy me a sword 
to walk in town with, for if the fanatics hold on, it will not be safe 
to be without one. They are mighty high since you went to 


78 


1668. 


Nov. 27. 
Royal Citadel, 
Plymouth. 


Nov. 27. 


Nov. 27. ` 


Nov. 27. 


Nov. 27. 


Nov. 27. 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 27. 


The Lenor, 
Holehaven. 


Nov. 28. 
Bristol. 


Nov. 28, 


Bristol. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


London, and had a fast last Wednesday, which was held forth by 4 
that preached, 2 others assisting them in praying, and the work was 
carried on from 8 a.m. until 4 p.m. Upwards of 500 were present, 
and persons marched off to them who have received the Sacrament 
according to the Church of England. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 249, 
No. 172.] 

Wm. Longford to Sir Thos. Skelton. I send the names of 21 
ships come into harbour, with their destination, lading, &c. ; I beg to 
be remembered to the Earl and Countess of Bath, Lord Lansdowne, 
Lady Jane, and all that family. A vessel from Sally reports 
that 11 English ships have been taken there; an English frigate 
chased ashore 3 Sally men-of-war, which were split into pieces. 
[1} pages. Ibid. No. 173.] 

Commission for Wm. Reeves to be captain-lieutenant to the 
Prince [Rupert]’s company at Windsor. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 20, p. 195.] 

Dispensation for Sir Thos. Hussey, Bart, High Sheriff of 
Lincolnshire, to repair to London or elsewhere, when his occasions 
require. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. '74.] 

Grant to Edm. Nuboult, late student of Trinity College, Cambridge, 
of the place of Master of the Free School at Berkhampstead. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 91.] 


Warrant to the Treasury Commissioners to pay 2002. to Sir Ed. 
Spragg, out of the privy seal dormant for 10,0007. Minute. 
[Lbid.] 

Order for a warrant for payment of 30s. a day to Henry St. George, 
Richmond Herald, appointed to attend the Earl of Carlisle, sent 
Ambassador Extraordinary to perform the ceremonial of delivering 
the Garter to the King of Sweden ; also to allow him his expenses 
in that service. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 26, f. 41.] 


Capt. John Holmes to the Navy Commissioners. His 2 months’ 
provisions will be expended next Thursday. Desires a recruit and 
2 more men, as he has very hard duty for 12 men this winter time, 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 249, No. 174,] 


Sir Jobn Knight to the Navy Commissioners, Desires order for 
the sale of goods at Conpill, and for the payment of those 
that went over to appraise them, who protest they have valued 
them at the utmost. Shall assist Mr. Furzer in the sale. [Ibid. 
No. 175,] Enclosing, 

Appraised inventory by Mathew Stevens and John Jones, 
of tumber and smith’s stores at Conpill. Total value, 
74l. 6s. 2d.—-24 Nov. 1668. [Lbid. No. 1751] i 


Accoumt by Mathew Stevens of money expended for 3 days 
travel from Bristol to Conpill, to inventory and appraise 
timber and other materials. —28 Nov., 1668. [Ibid. 
No, 17511] 


Dan. Furzer to the Navy Commissioners. Desires payment for 


2 anchors sent up in the Edgar, value 66l. lls. Od. [Ibid. 
No. 176.] 


1668. 
Nov. 28. 
Navy Office. 


Nov. 28. 


Nov. 28. 
Navy Office. 


Nov. 28. 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 28. 


CHARLES II. 79 


Navy Commissioners to the Farmers of Customs. The masters 
of 2 ships, arrived from Scotland with masts for his Majesty, 
complain that interruption has been given in their delivery at 
the yard, upon pretence of customs due. Desire, as such inter- 
ruption will occasion loss by demurrage, that they will suffer 
them to be delivered, assuring them that the delivery shall be of 
no prejudice to them in their receipt of their due, as the same 
shall be made to appear. With note that the messenger 
that carried this letter to the Farmers brought it back, with 
the message that they had let out the customs of Scotch goods; 
that if the lading of the ships is duly entered, and the customs paid, 
their stop shall be removed, but not otherwise. 1 Dec. 1668. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 249, No. 177.] 


Report by Surveyor Thos. Middleton to the Navy Commissioners, 
of the charge of converting the timber into plank in Aliceholt and 
Whittlewood Forests, and of the carriage. [Lbid. No. 178.] 


Giles Bond to the Navy Commissioners. The Hope galliot has 
returned from the Downs, and is lying at Woolwich to assist in the 
weighing of the wrecks. Desires order for her repair. [Ibid. 
No. 179.] 


M. Wren to Pepys. Sends a letter from Sir Thos. Allin. 
Though dated from Tangiers, it is manifest that it was from Algiers, 
so it is 50 days old; and considering how many more it must be 
before any letter will reach Leghorn, fears he will be past that place 
before orders about his victualling can come thither. Suggests, as 
the surest way, to give Sir Thos. Allin the whole credit he desires at 
Cadiz, with directions, if they come in time, to take in such 
provisions lying at Leghorn as he finds fit, and to make it up 
2 months, by the credit which he shall find ready for him at Cadiz. 
[Zbid. No. 180.] 


The King to the Dean and Chapter of Christ Church. We request 
you to dispense with the absence of Fras. Vernon, student of that 
college, he being chosen by Charles, Earl of Carlisle, going Am- 
bassador Extraordinary to Sweden, to attend him in his embassy, as 
his long travel and experience may be of assistance. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 19, p. 90.] 


Nov. [28?] Ticket of invitation to Jos. Williamson to attend at Arundel 


Nov. 28. 


Nov. 28. 
Lyme. 


House, on 30 Nov., at 9 a.m., at a meeting of the Royal Society, for 
the election of the council officers for the ensuing year. Signed 
“ Brouncker, P.R.S.” [Printed form. K.P. Dom., Car. TI. 249, 
No. 181.] 


Particulars of plate delivered to Sir Wm, Temple on his embassy 
to Holland. [14 pages. Ibid. No. 182.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. Several vessels outward bound 
have gone to sea, but none have arrived for upwards of a month. 
The Merchants’ Adventure, a new Lyme ship, has come in from 
Morlaix, and reports that a dispute happened there, between the 
Marquis commanding the castle, and the Chief Judge of the place, 


80 


1668. 


Nov. 28. 
Deal. 


Nov. 28. 
Christ Church, 
Oxford. 


Nov. 28. 
Weymouth. 


Nov. ? 


Nov. 29. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


which came to blows, and that the King is inquiring into the rise 
of the gentry there, intending to make those pay that have lately 
sprung up. 

The Hope of Scarborough has arrived with deals from Norway, 
having been at sea a long time, and forced to throw some of her 
goods overboard through the weather. The Mary, from St. Malo, 
reports that at Jersey and Guernsey, they felt the effects of the 
late earthquake at the same time as St. Malo; they complain of 
the bad trade for drapery, through the great importation of wool 
from Ireland. Other vessels are making into the harbour, and more 
are expected. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 249, No. 183.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. The Drake has gone in to be paid. 
A pilot from Flushing reports that there is a very brisk trade there 
with English butter, cheese, corn, and other commodities, which are 
cheaper there than here. Also that one of the greatest bankers has 
broken for many thousand pounds, and made his escape, and 
another was making his, but was secured by the Lords; this trick 
of such breaking was never known there before. [Zbid. No. 184.] 


H. Decry to Rob. Francis. I would write oftener, but fear. you 
have not time to read my ill-composed letters. I beg you, in sealing 
the Gazettes, to put the date of the receipt of letters. [Prench. 
Ibid. No. 185.] 


John Pocock to Hickes. Several vessels have sailed for Portugal 
and France, and others have come in; one from Cherburg reports 
the launching there of a small frigate of 200 tons for the King’s 
use ; also that the French there behave themselves very rudely to 
the English, cutting away their cables and ropes by violence, and 
without satisfaction. Iam informed from St. Malo that a great 
frigate, of 120 guns, has been launched, and that she is so well 
liked that 2 more of the same dimensions are ordered to be put 
upon the stocks. She treads 140 feet by the flower beam, and has 
16 port-holes on a floor. They discourse that the French King will 
have a fleet of 120 sail ready by the spring, that they hope to break 
with the Dutch, and that the tonnage is to be taken off trom the 
English in a short time. [Jbid. No. 186.] 

Petition of the Mayor, &c., of Kingston-upon-Hull to the King, 
for his approval of Edw. Barnard, counsellor, to be their Recorder, 
[Jbid. No. 187.] Annexing, 

Certificate by Lord Belasyse and 4 others to the King, that 
Edw. Barnard, barrister-at-law, is a loyal subject, and 
of ability in his profession, and qualified for the office of 
Recorder of Hull, im place of Wm. Lister, who has 
resigned ; and that the Mayor and Aldermen of the town 
have, by their petition to his Majesty, desired that he may be 
nominated.—-28 Nov. 1668. [Lbid. No. 1871.] 

The King to the Dean and Chapter of Exeter. We request you 
to dispense with the residence of Hen. Bold, precentor and canon 
there, during a considerable part of the year,—important occasions 
requiring his absence,—and to allow him his full rights and profits, 
&e. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 89.] 


1668. 
Nov. 29. 
Deal. 


Nov. 30. 


Nov. 30. 
Woolwich. 


Nov. 30. 
Woolwich. 


Nov. 30. 
Drury Lane. 


Nov. 30. 


Pendennis. 


Nov. 30. 
Falmouth. 


Nov. 30. 
Lyme. 


79380 


CHARLES Ii. 81 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Twenty-three Dutch vessels have 
been forced in by contrary winds. The East India ships that came 
from London, and 2 merchantmen bound for the Straits, are in the 
Downs, but not one King’s ship. Deal castle fired the gun last night 
and this morning. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 249, No. 188.] 


Sir Wm. Penn to the Navy Commissioners. The examination of 
the victualler’s accounts,—many whereof were never produced but at 
this juncture of time,—is committed to my charge, just when I daily 
expect to have this office, and join with Sir Denis Gauden in 
carrying on the victualling by a new contract. I think you should 
appoint a person to examine and cast up the papers and accounts 
that have not passed your view. I doubt not that all faithfulness 
and diligence has been used, but as most of it depends upon cast- 
ing, and that of such variety and intricacy as the best of men have 
erred in, any error would in part reflect on me. [2 pages. Ibid. 
No. 189.] 


Wm. Bodham to Thos. Hayter. Particulars of 85 bundles of 
Riga and Quinborough hemp received from Messrs. Doggett and 
Upton, and put on board the Hardercen, to be sent to Chatham, 
17 Jan. 1668. The mistake is not his, the negligence of the 
master and his crew is only to be blamed. [Jbid. No. 190.] 


Wm. Sheldon and 3 other officers [of the dockyard], to the 
Navy Commissioners. Only part of Sir John Shaw’s hemp 
answered in goodness to his contract, but it was a small part indeed ; 
we deny that the entire part, or as much as one draught, was delivered 
suitable to contract, and unmixed with what was worse ; all was 
of 2,3 or 4 sorts. Our omitting to certify the quantity of the 
best upon the bill was not to do the merchant an injury, but for 
several considerations, one being that we did not wish to brand the 
merchant by recording that of 58 tons, only a few cwts. were 
answerable to contract. [Zbid. No. 191.] 


Earl of Anglesey to the Navy Commissioners. I have given order 
to Mr. Fenn to attend you with the best satisfaction that can be 
given ; I desire you, if he has not been, to send for him; as things 
stand, I cannot give personally that satisfaction which I desire for 
the King’s service. [Zbid. No. 192.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. Several vessels have arrived from 
places named. An Apsom man from St. Lucar, with sherry, wines 
and fruit, was dogged a whole night by a Sally man-of-war, having 
a great Dutch prize in custody; but receiving 2 or 3 guns from 
the Apsom man, she bore away, [Jbid. No. 193.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. Arrival of the William and Ann of 
Southampton from Bordeaux, with wines, and the Francis of 
Topsham from St. Lucar, with wines and salt. [Zbid. No. 194.] 


Anth. Thorold to Hickes. A vessel from St. Malo and another 
from Newhaven were forced in by foul weather. A quarantine 
F 


82 


1668. 


Nov. 30. 


Nov. 30. 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 30. 


Nov. ? 


Nov. ? 


Nov. ? 


Nov. 


Nov. 


Nov. 


Nov. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


being put upon all vessels from those parts, a guard was set on 
them and kept on board. The Elizabeth from St. Malo reports that 
the French discourse as to taking off the [English] tonnage, on 
consideration of breaking the link of the chain that holds Holland 
and us. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 249, No. 195.] 


List of the Fellows and Council of the Royal Society; 10 are 
to be chosen into the Council from the Fellows, and 11 from the 
former Council. [Printed sheet. Ibid. No. 196.] 


Warrant for a grant to Charles Hart, milliner, late of Cambridge, 
of pardon for all offences committed before 10 June 1660. Esa ee 
Dom., Entry Book 25, f. '75.] 


Warrant to the Duke of Buckingham, Master of the Horse, to 
order the swearing in of John Bercely as Page of Honour. [Zbid. 
ip 


Petition of Henry Mildmay, High-Sheriff of Hampshire, to the 
King, for leave of absence from the county, having made an able 
under-sheriff; is a barrister of Gray’s Inn, and engaged on concerns 
in town. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 249, No. 197.] 


Petition of Sir George Vyner, Bart., to the King, for permission 
to reside out of Norfolk during the year of his shrievalty, having 
no house in the county, on condition of appointing suitable de- 
puties, and attending himself at the assizes; had obtained a dis- 
pensation from standing for this year, and Mr. England was 
appointed, but got himself discharged. [Jbid. No. 198.] 


Petition of Wm. Palmer, goldsmith, to the King, for the place of 
Assay-master in the Mint, which he held after the restoration, till 
an ancient patent for it was produced on behalf of one Woodward, 
who had long lived unheard of in Virginia, and the place is now 
void. [Zbid. No. 199.] 


Presentation of John Cole, D.D., to the Rectory of Broadwater, 


co. Sussex, void by simony or outlawry. [Docquet, Vol. 23, 
No. 278.] 


Warrant to pay to Sir Stephen Fox, Paymaster of the Guards 
and garrisons, 107,4257. 3s. 4d.a year for the pay of the Guards 
and marching forces, and 76,3931. 10s. for the garrisons; also 
354l. 13s. 4d. monthly, to be disposed of as the King directs; also all 
moneys which he disburses for interest, not exceeding 20,0007. and 
600/. for rebuilding the Horse-guard house. [Jbid. No. 279.] 


Warrant to pay to Michael Arnold 1007. for the poor of St. 
Margaret’s parish, Westminster. [Zbid. No. 280.] 


Grant of the restitution of the temporalities of the Bishopric of 
Chester to Dr. John Wilkins, from the death of the late Bishop. 
[Zbid. No, 281.] 


1668. 
Nov. 


Nov. 


Nov. 


Nov. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 
Nov. 


Nov. 


Nov. 


Nov. 


Nov. 


Nov. 


Nov. 


CHARLES II. 83 


= — —= 


Warrant to assign to the Duke of Monmouth as many orders, 
drawn in the name of Wm. Legg, Lieutenant of Ordnance, as amount 
to 3,000/., being the remainder of 8,0007. formerly granted to the 
said Duke. [Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 281.] 


Warrant to pay to the Lieutenant of the Ordnance 120,000}. on 
account, 60,000/. for sea, and 60,0001. for land service. [Zbid.] 


Warrant for allowance to the present farmers of the Customs of 
all the forfeitures paid in during their farm, as the same were 
allowed to the late farmers. [Jbid. Nos. 282, 283.] 


Warrant to pay to Thos. Elliott 300/. for his charge in keeping 
the King’s house at Newmarket, lately bought, and airing the rooms 
and household stuff, from Ladyday 1667 to Michaelmas last. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. II. 249, No. 200.] 


Docquet of the above. [Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 284.] 


Warrant for paying all money, tallies, &c., due for the Navy to 
Sir Thos. Osborne and Sir Thos. Littleton, who hold the office of 
Navy treasurers during the suspension of the Earl of Anglesey ; as 
also the further sum of 100,000/. on account for the same service. 
[Zbid. No. 285.] 


Warrant to pay to the Earl of Carberry, president of the Council 
in the Marches of Wales, 800/. a year on account, for the extra- 
ordinary expenses expressed in an establishment annexed, over 
and above 1,106/. 13s. 4d. a year allowed for diet, and 4007. a year 
for maintenance of an honourable stable. [Jbid. Nos. 286, 287.] 


Discharge to the Earl of Carberry from accounting for 3,0007. 
received by him at the rate of 4000. a year, from 25 Sept. 1661, for 
maintenance of an honourable stable, and continuance to him of 
the said payment during pleasure, vacating a privy seal therefor of 
25 Sept. 1661. [Lbid. No. 287.] 


Grant to Roger Payne, nominee of the Duke of Richmond, on 
surrender of the said Duke, of the rent of 997/. 1s. 11d. reserved to 
the Crown on lease of the alnage of old and new draperies lately 
granted to the said Duke, who has surrendered a pension of 1,0002. 
a year, with arrears, granted him by the late King, and 1,1802. 1s. 93d., 
part of 4,000/. due to him on his pension of 1,000/. a year as gentle- 
man of the bedchamber. [Jbid. No. 288.] 

Confirmation of all charters, &c., formerly granted to the master, 
wardens, and commonalty of merchant adventurers of Bristol, with 
a clause that all officers of the society are to take the oaths of 
allegiance and supremacy. [Jbid. No. 289.] 

Grant to the Duke of Newcastle of 8,0837. 6s. 8d., being the 
arrears of a pension of 1,000., a year, from 29 May 1660 to 24 J une 
last; and also grant of a pension of 1,000.. a year for life. [Zbid. 
No. 290.] 

‘Warrant to pay to Wm. Ashburnham, cofferer of the House- 
hold, 90,000. by monthly payments of 7,500/., for the household 
expenses, from 1 Oct. 1668 to 30 Sept. 1669. [Docquet, Vol. 23, 


No. 291,] 
Ly 


84 


1668. 
Nov. 


Nov. 


Nov. 


Nov. 


Whitehall. 


[Nov.] 
Noy. 


[Nov.] 


Nov. ? 


Nov. 


ya 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Presentation of John Hacket to the Rectory of Theberton, co. 
Suffolk, void by death of John Carey. [Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 291.] 


Grant to John Charnock of a waiter’s place in the port of 
London ; with proviso that the usual salary is to cease during the 
time that the Customs are let to farm. [Jbid.] 


Grant to John Oneby, on surrender of Edw. Seymour, of a 
messenger’s place in the Exchequer during pleasure. i[Zbid. No. 292.] 


Warrant to the Commissioners of Prizes to allow Charles, Duke 
of Richmond and Lenox, owner of the Lenox privateer, to have 
5 bales of goods taken by the said privateer in a prize ship, the 
Gift of God, but condemned to the King’s use in the Court of 
Appeals, as belonging to an enemy against whom the commander 
of the vessel had no letters of marque. [S.P. Dom., Car, II. 249, 
No. 201.] 


Copy of the above. [Jbid. No. 202.] 


Notes [by Williamson] from the signet books of warrants, &e., 
passed during the month, the uncalendared portions of which*are 
as follows :— 


Note that during suspension from the office of Treasurer [of the 
Navy] during pleasure, the King may appoint others to have 
the exercise and emoluments of the office. 

Note that Sir Gabriel Silvius, sent Envoy Extraordinary to the 
Elector of Brandenburg, had 200/. equipage, and 3l. a day 
entertainment, paid 3 months in advance, and expenses, &c., 
allowed. 

Note that the Earl of Carlisle, sent to carry the garter to the 
King of Sweden, had 1,5002. for equipage, and 101. a day, paid 
3 months in advance ; and St. George, the herald attending him, 
30s. a day and 2507. for equipage. Extraordinaries allowed 
to both. [Dom. Papers, Car. II. 248, No. 127.] 


Note of receipts and payments by Ambrose Benet, on behalf of 
Jerome Smith, a lunatic, since the passing of a like account in 1667 
before Sir Nath. Webb, Master in Chancery. [8 sheets. S.P.Dom., 
Car. TI. 249, No. 203.] 


Note by Williamson of 6 objections made by Lord Arlington to 
the draft of the letter for his Royal Highness, as compared with the 
order of 21 Oct.,.which Dr. Gorges says were all cleared by the lord 
keeper 12 Nov., excepting the 8rd, relating to such lands as were set 


out to regicides, which his Lordship wishes to be rectified. [Zbid. 
No. 204.] 


Earl of Anglesey to Pepys. I compassionate Hen. Grant, 
who had his livelihood taken from him by a vessel of his being 
made a fireship, and for which he is not yet paid; I wish the 
Board would consent to some way for payment, to keep him and 
his family from perishing; if the Board cannot pay him pre- 
sently, let us join in a particular recommendation of his sad case, as 
the tears of this afflicted old man have often grieved my heart. 


1668. 


[Nov.] 


CHARLES II. 85 


I cannot be with you to-day; I am going about Mr. Clutterbuck’s 
business, which I have been following already two days in vain. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 249, No. 205.] 


Papers relating to officers of ships at Woolwich, who were suspended 
for non-attendance. 

Certificates, signed by the men whose names are appended, of 
satisfactory causes of absence, through sickness of themselves or 
relatives, or attention to other duties, of the following persons :— 
[Zbid. Nos. 206-217 .] 

Oct. 23. Boatswain, gunner, purser, and cook of the Centurion, 

by John Kiggens, boatswain, John Pryar, gunner, Mich. 
Taylor, cook, and Thos. Ridgway, purser of the Centurion. 


Oct. 23. John Prowere, gunner of the Jersey, by Lau. Coelson. 


Oct. 23. Boatswain, gunner, purser, and cook of the Jersey, by 
Cuthbert Bombridge and 2 others. 


Oct. 23. Augustine Jenkins, boatswain of the Foresight, by W. 
Hubbert, surgeon. 


Oct. 23. Boatswain, purser, and cook of the Foresight, by Aug. 
Jenkins, boatswain, and John Halstead, cook of the Fore- 


sight. 
Oct. 23. John Halstead, cook of the Foresight, by A. Colier, M.D. 


Oct. 27. Mich. Taylor, cook of the Centurion, by John Lane, min- 
ister; Thos. Slightom and Edw. Taylor, churchwardens, 
and Wm. Stowerton and Anna Stourton, midwife to Mar- 
garet, wife of Mich. Taylor. 


Oct. 28. [John Pryar,] purser of the Jersey, by Wm. Sheldon. 


Oct. 28. Hen. Winterborne, gunner of the Pearl, by Wm. Sheldon. 
Oct. 29. The same, by Wm. Axtell, surgeon. 
Nov. 2. The same, by Judith Grosse and 2 others. 


Nov. 5. The same, by Capt. W. Hannam, 


27 Oct. Abstract of the above certificates, with observations as to 
their worth, and what further evidence is required. [Zbid. No. 218.] 


Oct.? Note of the charge against the boatswain, gunner, purser, 
and cook of the Jersey, of being absent. [Jbid. No. 219.] - 


Nov. 3. Thos. Ridgway, purser of the Centurion, to Pepys. Whilst 
I was absent to pass my accounts, I gave our boatswain my victuals 
to do my duty, but he neglected it; when we were called before the 
Board, he entreated me not to speak anything of him, or it would be 
the worse for him, which the gunner of the Pearl will justify. I 
beg for an order to the Clerk of the Cheque that I may be restored 
to my employment, having been suspended for not doing my duty. 
I have attended your honours a month at great charge, as I live at 
Rochester. I have received but 37. 12s. 6d. since I came from the 
Straits 9 months ago, and shall not have my own or servant's wages 


86 


1668. 


Nov.? 
Deal. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


until I have passed my accounts; besides, 301. was stopped at the 
pay table of money due from the seamen to me; I have borrowed 
so long that I do not know what shift to make to maintain my 
family of eight. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 249, No. 220.] Encloses, 


Petition of Thos. Ridgway to the Navy Commissioners, for 
readmission to his office. Was obliged to attend the office 
for divers months to pass his 4 years’ accounts, and agreed 
with the boatswain to do his duty, for which he gave him all 
his victuals. 7 Oct. 1668. [Zbid. No. 2201.] 


Lists sent by Mor. Lodge to Williamson of ships in in the Downs, 
the arrival and departure of the mails, state of the wind, &c., 
during the month, as follows :— 


| Mail. 

To A mene: ree Wind. ` REMARKS. 

No. Ar- De- 

rival, | parture. 

221 |Nov. 1 2 82 None | 6 p.m WwW 

ODN 8 1 -— None | 5 p.m. | N.W. | The fleet of 150 merchantmen 
has sailed, with a fair wind. 

293 ge A 2 1 None | 6 p.m. | SE 

224 ae 7 2 None | 5 p.m N.E 

225 SAET) 1 3 None N.W. | A Malaga ship reports from 
Tangiers that Capt. Rooth 
ran aground 4 Sally men- 
of-war, and all are lost. 

226 | s» Ll 2 1] None | 5 p.m. | S.W. 

PPAR \\ eep N8) 2 l1 None | 5 p.m. | S.W. | The weather is stormy, 20 
Dutch ships, chiefly men-of- 
war, are driven in; 12 Span- 
ish men-of-war, bound for 
Cadiz, have arrived. 

228 | ,, 14 2 12 None | 6 p.m. | S.W. | The Dutch and Spanish fleets 
are still here, but the wind 
calmer. 

229) 4. 17 2 20 None | 4 p.m N.W. | The Dutch and Spanish fleets 
still in the Downs. 

830| , 18 2 24 None | 6 p.m. | N.W sa n 5 

231| , 19| = 23 None | 4 p.m. | S.W Bs k a 

28204 550820) = 29 |None| 6 p.m. | N.W. F x ns 

233 | , 21 2 27 None | 6 p.m, | S,W, | The Golden Phoenix from 
Hamburg ran ashore on the 
Goodwin Sands, but was got 
off with some damage by the 
Deal men; it blows hard. 

234 | 4 22 ] 2 None | 5 p,m. | N.E, | The Success is sailing for Tan- 
giers, and the merchant ships 
gone or going. The Golden 
Phoenix has come in. 

DANY || Oey PAS 1 5 None | 5 p.m. | N.E, | A Spanish ship was ashore, but 
was helped off by Deal men, 
and carried several of them 
away. 

236 | ,, 24 1 2 None | 5 p.m. | N.E. 

237| „n 235| 1 2 — | 6pm. | S.W. 

o3RA yy fa 2 5 None | 6 p.m. | S.E. 

bso | .,, 281 — 5) =a m aS, 

240) || a 29 1 11 None | 4 p.m. S. A Dutch man-of-war arrived 
as convoy to the others. 


a a a e e gn AL 


1668. 
Dee. 1. 
Bruges. 


Dec. 1. 


Dee. 1. 


Portsmouth. 


Dee. 1. 
Deal. 


Dee. 1. 
Plymouth. 


Dee. 1. 


Dee. 1. 
Woolwich. 


Dec. 1. 


Harwich. 


Dec. 1. 
Victualling 
Office. 


Dec. 1. 
Whitehall. 


CHARLES II. 87 


Thos. Blount to John C , at Sir Mark D’Ognaté’s, London. 
I perceive by a letter from a friend and fellow sufferer in England, 
that some overtures have been made to him, by command of his 
Majesty, for the taking of Granger, and that they have some 
intention of proceeding publicly against him by way of proclama- 
tion, if they had but sufficient descriptions of his person for the 
framing of it. If they proceed this way, they will only frighten 
him from ever being taken. I am sure no person in England is able 
to give a proper description of him, nor of his several haunts, but 
myself; I could take him, but only by ingratiating into him. I 
beg you to acquaint Sir Mark D’Ognaté that if I can have my 
liberty, and be allowed to come to England and discourse with the 
King, the Lord-General, or Lord Arlington, I would give them such 
satisfaction as would make them of my opinion; if set upon the 
work, I doubt not of taking him in a very short time. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. If. 250, No. 1.] 


—— Potticary to Account of various descriptions 
of canvas at St.Malo. If I can serve you or your friends with 
any named, command freely. Endorsed, with memorandum and 
notes of account. [Zbid. No. 2.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Bonaventure and Milford 
are fitting for sea; the swift new ship will soon be ready to be 
launched ; the Edgar will be paid off to-morrow. [Jbid. No. 3.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. The fleet that left yesterday came 
in to-day, and also 10 sail of Hamburghers. [Jbid. No. 4.] 


John Clarke to Williamson. A Plymouth ship sailed for the 
West Indies, but was cast away near the Rame head, and all on 
board perished. A ship from the Canaries and Bordeaux arrived 
with wines and prunes. [Jbid. No. 5.] 


John Clarke to Hickes, To the same effect. [Ibid. No. 6.] 


Estimate by Jonas Shish and Edward Byland for the repair of 
the Katherine and Ann yachts, cost 1381. and 185/. [Zbid. No. 7.] 


Capt. Silas Taylor to the Navy Commissioners. At the sale of 
the hulk, I publicly declared, before the lighting of the candle, that 
all was to be paid in money, and that I could not accept bills ; Mr. 
Doddesley confesses that I did so, but says he cannot pay it all in 
money ; he has not paid any as yet. [Jbid. No. 8.] 


Sir Denis Gauden to Pepys. I entreat you to look over the 
memorial that you took when the draft of the contract was before 
the Treasury Commissioners, and corrected and amended with the 
consent of all sides, I think the point as to necessary money in the 
fair draft does not concur with what was agreed on; I wish the 
paper enclosed to be considered and agreed on against Monday, as 
the Attorney-General cannot draw the contract until that be done. 
[Lbid. No. 9.] 

Dispensation for Thomas Norris, High Sheriff of Worcestershire, 
to repair to Herefordshire and elsewhere, when occasions require, 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 75.] 


88 


1668. 


Dec. 2. 
Deal. 


Dec. 2. 
Lyme. 


Dec. 2. 


Falmouth. 
Dec. 2. 


Milford. 


Dee. 2. 


Dec. 3. 


Portsmouth. 


Dee. 3. 


Dec. 3. 


Dee. 3. 


Dee. 3. 


Chatham. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Mor. Lodge to [Williamson]. Has ‘shipped the packet for Sir 
Robt. Southwell. [S8.P.Dom., Car. TI. 250, No. 10.] Encloses, 


Receipt by Rich. Cox, Master of the Concord, for a packet 
directed to Sir Robt. Southwell at Lisbon. Nov. 28, 1668. 
[Ibid. No. 101.] 


Ant. Thorold tó James Hickes. Hears from St. Lucar that they 
still refuse any commerce with Rouen, or those parts, on account of 
the sickness, which yet reigns in a great measure with them. A 
frigate has been launched at Brest to carry 120 guns, and another is 
ready to come off the stocks of larger dimensions. The Dutch are 
much dissatisfied at their payment of tonnage, and resolve to break 
with them [the French] if they continue that imposition. The Hart 
has come in from Barbadves, as also the Prosperous from Morlaix. 


[Ibid. No. 11.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. Arrival of the Francis from St. 
Lucar with wines and salt, and the William and Ann from Bor- 
deaux with wines. The merchantmen bound for France still 
continue in port. [Jbid. No. 12.] 


John Powell to James Hickes. An Irish vessel laden with salmon, 
butter and hides, bound for Bilbao, put in here by contrary winds. 
A vessel for the Barbadoes lies here waiting a wind. [Zbid. No. 13.] 


Examination of Robt. Everard, taken before the Lord Keeper and 
Lord Arlington. Was employed by a man whose name he does not 
know, to carry a paper, containing queries about Ireland, to Redman, 
a printer; brought back all the copies to the man, meeting him at a 
tavern by appointment, and thought it was for the King’s service ; 
had not much for his pains. Was in Cromwell’s army. [Jbid. 
No. 14.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Edgars seamen have been 
paid off. Wednesday next is designed for the launch of the new 
ship; 3 vessels from Bordeaux have put into Spithead for shelter. 
We hear of wrecks at the back of the Isle of Wight. With post- 
script in another hand that a Swede from Stockholm came on shore, 
but great care was taken to save her lading of deals. [Jbid. No. 15.] 


J. Hervey to Williamson. This is the copy of a letter Mrs. Gage 
desires, and Lord [Arlington] consents should be renewed to the 
present Governor of Flanders. [Jbid. No. 16.] 


Notice from the Royal Company to Williamson, of a meeting of 
the Court of Assistants to be held at Whitehall Dec. 4. [Printed. 
Ibid. No. 17.] 


Commission for Charles, Earl of Carlisle, and Edward, Lord Mor- 
peth, to be Lieutenants for Cumberland and Westmoreland, with 
power to each to-act apart during the absence of the other beyond 
seas. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 91.] 


John Moore and Edward Moorcock to the Navy Commissioners. 
We have discharged and paid all our men to 20, and brought the 


1668. 


Dee. 3. 


Chathain. 


on" Dec. 4, 


Plymouth. 


Dec. 4. 


Dec. 4. 


Dee. 4. 
Deal. 


Dee. 4. 


Dec. 4. 


Dec. 4. 


CHARLES II. 89 


Golden Hand to the old dock, where she is caulking under water. 
We have swept the river, and taken up a Dutch anchor of 1,000 lbs. 
weight, and an English one of 30 or 40 cwt., which will be de- 
livered into the stores. Pray order the victualling of the 20 men, 
and fish instead of oatmeal, as the men would not eat it. Also 
imprest some money on Mr. Gregory for this service. 

When we brought the last wreck on shore, one of the riggers in 
the service was drunk and very abusive, and discouraged the work- 
men; as nothing would keep him quiet, one of us was obliged to 
use his cane, for which the man has since entered his action at law. 
We hope we may not be vexed with suits at law, when we act only 
a the promotion of his Majesty’s affairs. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 250, 

o. 18.] 


Christopher Ously and Nich. Weymouth to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. The Macklier and Black Posthorse are ready to sail. 
[Zbid. No. 19.] 


John Clarke to Williamson. Several Spanish ships are in port 
ready to sail, also one with 500 soldiers bound to Ostend. Iam in- 
formed by a ship from the Canaries that there are 1,000 soldiers in 
those islands, ready to be shipped for the Netherlands; 4 or 5 ves- 
sels have sailed to the westward. [Ibid. No. 20.] 


Ann Lady Fanshaw to Williamson. Pray remind Lord 
Arlington of a letter I sent him, and procure me a speedy despatch 
thereon, which will be a great comfort to me, until I can receive the 
effects of my petition. I would have waited on his lordship, but am 
ashamed to show myself, having a swelled face through the tooth- 
ache. Endorsed [by Williamson] “her 2,000}. from the King.” 
[Ibid. No. 21.] 


Roger Greene to Williamson. I beg your influence for a warder’s 
place void in the Tower, and in the gift of Sir John Robinson. It 
is only 30/. a year, and may cost some money to get, yet I shall be 
very thankful for it. [Ibid. No. 22.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Departure of the English and 
Dutch fleet, and the Spaniards and Hamburghers. Only 3 merchant 
ships remain in the Downs. [Jbid. No. 23.] 


Draft of a clause agreed upon by the Trustees [for the manage- 
ment of the Lottery] to be added to their patent, admitting to its 
benefits those who were first elected by the officers for managing the 
grant, and those reformed officers now riding in the Horse Guards. 
[Ibid. No. 24. This clause was added in Feb. 1669 to the patent of 
Aug. 1668.] 


Patent appointing Sir John Trevor one of the King’s principal 
Secretaries of State, with a salary of 100l. a year for life. [Latin. 
Case C., Charles TI., No. 11.] 


Grant to Edm. Nuboult, M.A., for life, of the place of the free school 
of Berkhampstead, void by resignation. [Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 293.] 


90 


1668. 
Dec. 4. 


Dee. 2 


Dec. ? 


Dee. 4. 
Whitehall. 


Dec. 5. 
Whitehall. 


Dec. 5. 


Dec. 5. 


Dee. 5. 


Dee. 5. 


Lyme. 


Dec. 6. 


Portsmouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Lord Arlington to Lord-General the Duke of Albemarle. The 
King wishes you to order the 24 Protestant officers of horse and 
foot who came from Portugal to be received into the 8 troops of his 
Majesty’s regiment of horse, under the Earl of Oxford, 3 in each 
troop. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 20, p. 195.] 


List of 11 Roman Catholic officers who served in Portugal, but 
have now returned, and because of their religion, are incapable of 
service. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 250, No. 25.] 


List of officers, late of the Marquis of Schomberg’s regiment of 
horse, in Portugal. Endorsed “Portugal Officers, Protestants.” 
[Lbid. No. 26.] 


Reference to the Judge of the Admiralty of the petition of 
Antonio Basso, late commander of the Abraham’s Sacrifice of 
Genoa. The petitioner sailing with the Duke of York’s passport, 
March 18, 1667, his lading belonging only to Italians and Spaniards, 
his ship was yet seized by the King’s ships, brought into Ireland, 
condemned as prize, and the goods sold at a fifth of their value. 
On appeal of the Republic of Genoa, the King consented that the 
case should be re-heard, and the remaining goods secured, and he 
prays that attestations from merchants and factors abroad may be 
admitted, instead of proofs. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 18, f. 343.] 


Petition of Arthur, Earl of Anglesey, to the King, to know in 
what manner he shall give better satisfaction in his accounts, 
whether to his Majesty in person, or to his Commissioners. Finds 
that he is under his Majesty's displeasure for suspicion of great 
miscarriages in the management of the revenue as Treasurer-at-War 
in Ireland ; and that, until better satisfaction, he is not to be trusted 
with the Navy treasure. With answer thereon that the Commis- 
sioners are still sitting on the accounts of Ireland, and that the King 
will be glad to hear that the petitioner has given them satisfaction. 
[Zbid. f. 345.] 


Licence for Fras. Rogers, High Sheriff of Somersetshire, to live 
out of his county. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 15.] 


Caveat in favour of Sir Gilbert Talbot, that nothing pass of John 
Coliton’s estate, forfeited for killing Yeomans. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 32, p. 3.] i 


Four receipts by James Sharland, of the Mary yacht, for printed 
tickets, and a book of 4 sheets, from William Sarsfield, purser 
of the Harp, 8 Aug. and 28 Oct. 1667, 6 April and 5 Dec. 1668, 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 250, Nos. 27—30.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. The Hart from Barbadoes reports 
that half of Bridge Town is rebuilt. She had the company of 
Captains Cope and Collier of London for a month or more in her 
passage, and parted from them well. A vessel of Topsham has put 
in through the storms. [Jbid. No. 31.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to Williamson. Have Mr. Castell’s letters which 
I sent you arrived? It will be of ill-consequence to him if they mis- 
carry. Castell has sent another to me, with a sketch of the whole 
harbour of Brest, but it being only scrawled with a pen, although 


1668, 


Dee. 6. 


Portsmouth. 


Dee. 6. 
Milford. 


Dec. 6. 


Rochester. 


Dee. 7. 
Deal. 


Dee. 7. 
Whitehall. 


Dec. 7. 
Whitehall. 


Dee. 7. 
Whitehall. 


Dec. 7. 
Dee. 7. 


Whitehall. 


Dee. 7. 


CHARLES II. 91 


set by the compass, he desired it might not be sent to you until his 
return, when he would explain everything; however, I will make 
a copy of it, which you can show to the King and Lord Arlington. 
I will send his letter, if desired, there being something in it which 
may put a stop to the French fitting of naval stores, they having 
all their coals from England, or else they could make few anchors, of 
which they have great want. Do not fail of giving Castell credit 
to Rob. Long or some other person, as he can do little without it ; 
and let his [wife] be supplied as she may want, of which I will 
give you notice. [1+ pages. S.P.Dom., Car. IT. 250, No. 32.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The launch of the new ship, 
the Nonsuch frigate, built for swift sailing, is put off, the winter 
not being the proper season for a trial of her sailing powers; the 
Milford, which is to join her, will be fitted for sea in the mean- 
time. [Ibid. No. 33.] 


John Powell to James Hickes. Has no news of any kind. 
[Zbid. No. 34.] 


John Conny to Williamson. A fire has broken out in his 
Majesty’s ship Defiance, a third-rate, and is burning beyond hope of 
recovery. There are store of hands and help to save the other 
ships. [Zbid. No. 35.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Capt. Andrews, bound for the 
East Indies, and Vice-Admiral Goodson for Virginia, are still in 
the Downs, and about 12 merchant ships. [Ibid. No. 36.] 


Reference to the Bishop of Hereford of the petition of John 
Machon, master of Sherburn Hospital, that the King would require 
the Bishop of Lichfield to give him leave to resign to his son 
Thomas Wellington prebend in Lichfield Cathedral, and St. John 
Baptist’s Hospital without the city, having spent above 40/. in 
repairing the hospital chapel. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 18, f. 346.] 


The King to the Mayor, aldermen, and justices of peace of 
Newecastle-upon-Tyne. Several numerous public meetings, under 
pretence of religious worship, have lately been held in the town, 
in a riotous manner, contrary to law. We require you to hinder 
the same by executing the laws, and to give an account of your 
proceedings therein. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 78.] 

Warrant to Prince Rupert, Constable of Windsor Castle, to 
deliver up [Hen. Martin], prisoner there, to be conveyed to 
Chepstow Castle. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 250, No. 37.] 


Blank warrant to receive Hen. Martin, and convey him safe 
prisoner to Chepstow Castle. [Zbid. No. 38.] 


Warrant to Sir Geoffry Shakerly, Governor of Chester Castle, to 
receive Hen. Martin and keep him close prisoner in Chester Castle 
till further orders, [The orders for Martin’s removal were first 
to Chester Castle, and afterwards altered to Chepstow.] [Zbzd. 
No. 39.] 


Entry of the above 3 orders. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 92.] 


92 


1668. 
Dee. 7. 


Dec. 7. 
[Dec. 7.] 


Dec. 7. 


Dec. 7. 
Chatham. 


Dec. 7. 
Victualling 
Office. 


Dee. 8. 
Whitehall. 


Dee. 8. 
The Harp, 
Kinsale. 


Dec. 8. 


Dec. 8. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Three similar warrants for delivering, eonveying, and receiving 
[Wm.] Heveningham, now prisoner in Windsor Castle, to Chester. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 250, Nos. 40-42. See Calendar 1667, p. 465.] 


Minutes of the above 3 warrants. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, 
J923] 


Note of the above warrants for removal of M[artin] and 
Heveningham. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 250, No. 43.] 


Warrant to commit John Darby to the Gatehouse, for printing 
“The Sandy Foundation Shaken.” “Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 30, f. 92.] 


John Moore and Edw. Moorcock to Thos. Hayter. Ask that 
their bill for 201. may be sent down at once. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 
250, No. 44.] 


Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. I cannot obtain 
letters of credit for Leghorn and Cadiz, without engaging. to pay 
the like value in London, whether there be occasion for it or not; 
as the merchants cannot draw on their factors whilst those credits 
are in being, lest they should frustrate the credits. I hope no further 
will be expected from me than to provide bills of exchange for 
the supply of the fleet with so much as may fully answer in 
lieu of beer, or what else shall not be sent from hence. If 
Clutterbuck shall supply them at Leghorn, beyond what he has of 
his Majesty’s in store, I shall pay for it in such manner as you direct. 

With note, Oct. 10, that Sir Denis Gauden and Mr. Clutterbuck 
acquainted the Board that an agreement had been come to between 
them, so that the King was to depend on Sir Denis Gauden alone 
for this supply. The terms of their agreement were that Sir Wm. 
Penn should be umpire between them of the price Mr. Clutterbuck 
should receive of Sir Denis Gauden; no mention was made of what 
Gauden was to receive of the King, but the presumption on all sides 
was that it is to be done upon the price of the new contract, though 
it be not sealed. [114 pages. Ibid. No. 45.] 


Sir George Downing to the Navy Commissioners. The Treasury 
Commissioners desire to speak with you on Monday about Sir 
Denis Gauden’s Lent account. [Zbid. No. 46.] 


Capt. Rob. Hooper to the Navy Commissioners. Arrived at 
cs on the 4th instant, and desires further orders. [Zbid. 
0. 4:7.) 


Robert Coytmore to Thos, Hayter. Desires an order to the 
victualler for receiving the remains of provisions belonging to the 
Antelope, which have been put on board a hoy, and refused at 
Deptford. [Zbid. No. 48.] 


W. Castell to the Navy Commissioners. Cannot get a certificate 
from Mr. Cheek, the Duke of York’s Proctor, of the condemnation 
of the Delph, so as to make her a free ship, as she is not yet con- 
demned, and therefore cannot make her free. Is much concerned to 


1668. 


Dec. 8. 


Dec. 8. 


Dec. 8. 


Dee. 8. 


Smyrna. 


Dec. 8. 
Plymouth. 


Dec. 8. 
Falmouth. 


Dec. 8. 


Portsmouth. 


Dec. 8. 


Dec. 9. 
Suffolk Street. 


Dee. 9. 
Whitehall. 


CHARLES IL. 93 


have this done, having sold her, and she being ready to take in 
goods, which she cannot until freed, without paying strangers’ 
customs. Desires them to expedite the condemnation. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 250, No. 49.] 


M. Wren to Sam. Pepys. Has spoken to Sir Thos. Bond con- 
cerning the ketch for carrying over the Queen Mother's goods, and 
they are all ready for her. The ketch must be a large one and have 
a large hatchway for receiving coaches, and not draw above 10 feet 
of water. [Jbid. No. 50.] 


Frances Lamarre, widow, to Lord Arlington. Being in great dis- 
tress, I beg the nomination of a person to be recommended by me, 
for a land waiter’s place in the Custom House, London, where 
several are turned out of their places; I may thus get something 
from him to supply my wants, and those of my infant. [Ibid. 
No. 51.] 


Wm. Dugdale to Williamson. I have spoken to the most ancient of 
the six clerks about the business, and he affirms that the Prothonotary 
in Chancery is to enrol those treaties and leagues, it having been 
the ancient usuage of his predecessors so to do. Mr. Pescod is the 
present Prothonotary, and lodges in Inner Temple Lane. Pray send 
a letter enclosed to Mr. Fleming by the next packet to Cocker- 
mouth. [Zbid. No. 52.] 


Earl of Castlemaine to Lord [Arlington]. This barbarous region 
affords little news. . I am sailing for Constantinople, but will hasten 
to Jerusalem, and hope to be back in Italy in 6 months. [Jbid. 
No. 53.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. One vessel from France has arrived, 
but her lading is not known yet; begs to be excused writing - 
to Williamson this post. [Zbid. No. 54.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. The fleet of merchantmen has put to 
sea; the Concord of London, bound for Calais, came in, but has 
since sailed with a fair wind. [Jbid. No. 55.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. A Yarmouth ship, laden with 
herrings, sprang a leak, and came in to be repaired; the Roebuck 
has arrived at Spithead from Ireland. [Jbid. No. 56.] 


Grant to Eustace Burneby, for 14 years, of the sole use of his 
new invention of making and working hemp, commonly called 
steel hemp. [Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 295.] 


Herbert, Bishop of Hereford, to [Lord Arlington]. The bearer, 
Dr. Gillingham, will bring a petition which I suppose will be re- 
mitted to me. The business is very tit, and founded on much reason 
and charity, but I will inquire further into it, and give you and the 
Lord Keeper full satisfaction. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 250, No. 57.] 


Petition of Geo. Gillingham, D.D., rector of Chalton, co. Hants, to 
the King, to accept his resignation of the said living, and bestow it 
upon his son-in-law, Dr. Edmund Barker. Recovered the living, 


94 


1668. 


Dee. 9. 
Whitehall. 


[ Dec. 9.] 


[Dec. 9.] 
Dee. 9. 


Dec. 9. 


Dee. 9. 
Whitehall. 


Dec. 9? 


[Dee. 9.] 
Wednesday 
noon. 


Dee. 9. 


Dover. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


with 2 others adjacent, to the Crown, at considerable cost and 
trouble, and for his service therein, was promised the nomination. 
of his successor by the late King, whose chaplain he was. With 
reference thereon to the Bishop of Hereford, and his report in 
favour of the petition, knowing the extraordinary merit of 
the petitioner in the late troublesome times, wherein he expressed 
singular piety and loyalty, which has not in any way been re- 
warded, and with what difficulty and charge he recovered the 
King’s right to the rectory, from the hands of a powerful 
adversary. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 250, Nos. 58, 59.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 18, 


f. 34.] 


Petition of Sir James Clavering, Bart., to the King, for licence to 
enclose 300 acres of his own land, lying about his house called 
White House, Durham, for park and free warren, which when done 
will be some credit to the country, and convenience to himself. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 250, No. 60.] 


Order for a licence accordingly for the enclosure, for deer and 
other wild beasts. [Zbid. No. 61.] 


Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 92.] 


Licences for Sir John James, High Sheriff of Essex, and Henry 
Mildmay, High Sheriff of Hampshire, to live out of their counties. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 16.] 


Notice for the Duke of York and 10 others to attend the King 
to-morrow, at Lord Arlington’s lodgings at Whitehall, at 9 a.m. 
[S.P.Dom., Car. TI. 250, No. 62.] 


Names of six deputy-lieutenants for the county of Wiltshire, 
signed by the Earl of Essex. [Jbid. No. 63.] 


John Dodington to Williamson. I pray that if any reference is 
made on Hart’s petition about incontinency, it may be to Lords 
Arlington, Sandwich, Carlisle, and Holles, but not to any Bishops 
or Churchmen, as that will be to put us in a worse condition 
than we were before. Rather than that should happen, we would 
withdraw the petition. I spoke to Lord Arlington and Sir Thos. 
Littleton, and we settled that affair of Sweden, so I am resolved 
on it, and pray your assistance in it. Endorsed, “Dec. 9, Mr. 
Hart’s pardon.” [Jbid. No. 64.] 


Dr. Sam. Hinde and Jo. Carlile to Williamson. We wish the 
King to know the distracted state of our town and port. Should 
any visitors be sent to Dover, they would find us, as Cicero did the 
tomb of Archimedes, overgrown with thorns and nettles. We are 
overrun with schism and faction, apparelled in several shapes, 
and publicly owned under several names and notions. The bell- 
wethers of the faction, besides those of the Quakers and Anabaptists, 
are Nath. Barri—a person proscribed the town by Act of Parlia- 
ment, yet a constant resident in it—who holds forth every Sunday ; 


1668. 


Dee. 9. 


London. 


Dee. 9. 


Falmouth. 


Dee. 9. 


Falmouth. 


Dec. 9. 
Weymouth. 


Dec. 9. 


Yarmouth. 


CHARLES II. 95 


also Nicols and Stiliard, who, contrary to the laws of the land, are 
the public disturbers of the peace, and seducers of his Majesty’s 
subjects. The places of their seditious and unlawful meetings are 
many, but since his Majesty’s employment has slackened at the 
Victual Office built by Sir Denis Gauden, it is in the possession of 
Edward Wivel, who permits their sordid conventicles to be publicly 
kept there in his Majesty’s office. They likewise often meet at the 
house of Ant. Johnson, a Dutchman, but of late these frogs have 
crept into the King’s chamber, by Wivel’s permission and conniv- 
ance. The place was originally called Maison de Dieu, but now his 
Majesty’s Victualling Office is seated there. Wivel is a person that 
has abandoned the Church, and is a constant encourager of any pro- 
fession but what, in piety and allegiance, he stands bound to support. 
A perfect Pentheus, sapiens in omnibus preterquam in ijs in quibus 
sapientem esse convenit. Milford, his servant, is a great holder 
forth also. We desire that a seasonable stop may be put to the 
insolence of the persons named. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 250, No. 65.] 


James Hickes to Williamson. Iam not able to wait upon you, as 
desired, from a cold and indisposition, but hope Mr. Ellis’s late dis- 
course with you will prevail, and induce you to move Lord Arlington 
to have an eye, and take care to preserve his interest at the Letter 
Office, which is in some danger by the actions of Sir John [Bennet]. 
[Zbid. No. 66.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. The Prosperous of London has 
arrived, laden with pitch and tar. There is a report that a Fal- 
mouth vessel, laden with pilchards, has been taken by the Turks, 
and that we have had a skirmish with the French in the Straits. 
[1bid. No. 67.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. To the same effect as the pre- 
ceding and his letter to Hickes of the 7th instant. [Zbid. No. 68.] 


John Pocock to Hickes. The Dorothy from Malaga stopped at 
Tangiers, exchanged guns, and had Capt. Mordant sent on board 
with the King’s packet, who is gone to London with it. Taffaletta 
is resolved not to have peace with any Christian prince by land, 
and is coming down with his army to besiege Tangiers. Since the 
destruction of the 6 Sally men-of-war, the 2 that were left have 
taken a small English ketch. [Zbid. No. 69.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. A copy of my letter of 9 Oct. 
has been sent from Lord Townshend, with an order to the bailiffs 
for the 2 ministers and Bridge to appear before his lordship to- 
morrow, at Norwich. The bailiffs met to consult, and sent for the 
2 ministers; while they were discoursing, Thos. Lucas, an eminent 
merchant and bailiff in Oliver’s time, entered, and demanded what 
they were doing, saying, “ What! are you persecuting Paul, and 
will you do this now the King and Council are setting about a 
sufferance?” Upon which Spendlow asked if it were so; he 
replied he had heard so. 

Abra. Castle, junior, and John Robbins, both young men, 
have been received into the Common Council without abjuring 


96 


1668. 


Dec. 10. 


Harwich. 


Dec. 10. 
Deal. 


Dec. 10. 


Dec. 10. 


Dec. 10. 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


the Covenant ; it was never tendered until this order came, and 
now the bailiffs have sent for them to do so, which they obstinately 
deny. Capt. Thos. Ravens, another of the Common Council, who 
kept the greatest conventicles in the town at his own house, is put 
in a great fright. The whole town is much nettled at the order ; 
James Johnson and Rich. Huntingdon have taken coach to wait 
upon Lord Townshend, and will use all endeavours, without doubt, 
to take up the business. Here are several strange persuasions 
used to make the people believe a toleration will be granted, as 
that Mr. Manton, Dr. Bates, and Dr. Jaguer had been with his 
Majesty, to give him thanks for his indulgence, which the 
King took very kindly. I conceive these to be stratagems of their 
own invention, to keep their members from falling off, and to gain 
more disciples. 

Three ships have been cast away to the northward, but a vessel 
coming that way picked up 7 or 8 of their men upon a piece of 
wreck. Several vessels have arrived from Bordeaux, &c., and one 
from Stockholm reports that he saw 14 sail, mostly Dutch, perish 
upon the rocks off Burnt Zoam, within the Sound. I want the 
Gazette. [14 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 250, No. 70.] 


Capt. Silas Taylor to the Navy Commissioners. Mr. Doddesley 
came and signed the contract for the hulk, and to pay the money 
half on 28 Dec, half on 28 Feb. Gave him time, because 
his bargain is none of the best, and also to leave him inexcusable if 
he do not perform. [Jbid. No. 71.] 


B. St. Michel, muster master, to the Navy Commissioners. Asks 
the complement of men to be borne on the Roebuck ; on muster- 
ing her in the Downs, found 41, one above the number. Told 
Capt. Liddell this, and that the Drake, which was of the same 
rate, had but 40, when he produced a letter from their. Honours, 
of 29 Feb. 1668, to enter 50, and said it was the last order he had 
received from anybody. [Jbid. No. 72.] 


John Moorhouse to [the Navy Commissioners]. Asks for a bill 
of imprest for 300/., due for land and water carriage of timber from 
Aliceholt and Whittlewood Forests, that he may not stain his credit 
with the [men], as his predecessors have done, or he shall never be 
trusted more by them. [Jbid. No. 73.] 


Warrant to pay to the Earl of Sandwich, Master of the Great 
Wardrobe, 12,000. on account for the half-year ending Lady Day 
next, 2,0007. of which is to be assigned by Wm. Legg out of the 
sum assigned to him on the Royal aid, registered in the name of 
George Cock, remaining on a further sum yet undisposed of. 
[Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 296.] 


Petition of the Bailiffs, &., of Kingston-upon-Thames to the King, 
for a grant of the rectory of Dunton, Bucks, with the vicarage of 
Kingston-upon-Thames, above 30 miles distant, to Thos. Willis, M.A., 
chaplain to his Majesty. Have been without a minister for 10 
months, through a dispute between the Countess of Dysart and 
John Ramsey as to who should present to the vicarage, whereby 
the disaffected assemble in their unlawful meetings. Have chosen 


d 


1668. 


Dec. 10. 


Dec. 10. 


Dec. 10. 


Dec. 10. 
Milford. 


Dec. 10. 


Portsmouth. 


Dec. 10. 
Cockpit. 


Dec. 10. 


Dec. 10. 


Gatehouse. 


Dec. 10. 


Gatehouse. 


Dee. 11. 


Gatehouse 
Prison. 


CHARLES Il. 97 


Thos. Willis, M.A., Chaplain in Ordinary, who holds the rectory of 
Dunton, alias Dinton, co. Bucks, and he has been also presented 
to the vicarage by the Countess of Dysart. With reference thereon 
to the Bishop of Hereford. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 250, No. 74.] 


j Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 18, 
. 3847.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of 
Peregrine Clarke, for the King’s right to a small tenement in 
Middlesex, in which his Majesty, at request of Sir Wm. Doyley, 
inclines to gratify the petitioner. [Zbid.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of Sir 
Hugh Wyndham, for a Customer’s place at Bridgewater. [Zbid. 
p. 848.) 


John Poweli to Hickes. There is no shipping whatever in the 
harbour. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 250, No. 75.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Roebuck is to remain in the 
Downs until further orders; a Swedish ship bound for Bristol has 
been cast away at the back of the Isle of Wight. [Zbid. No. 76.] 


Ann, Duchess of Albemarle, to Lord Arlington. I request, in 
behalf of the Earl of Dover’s daughter, that her husband, a prisoner 
in Windsor Castle, may not be removed, as ordered, to Chester, 
which would be to her utter ruin, but to a nearer prison. Endorsed, 
“Jn favour of Mr. Heveningham.” [Jbid. No. 77.] 


Earl of Bristol to Lord Arlington. I am much concerned at the 
affliction of my kinswoman, Lady Mary Heveningham, about a 
warrant for removal of her husband from Windsor to Chester. I 
beg your influence for him to remain where he is, or to remove 
to a less inconvenient place. [Jbid. No. 78.] 


Col. Blethero Morgan to the Duke of Albemarle. Iam imprisoned 
on the Spanish Ambassador’s account, but it being the King’s will, 
I am as well pleased as if sent to a palace of pleasures; I hope the 
Ambassador will not thereby be acquitted of the debt he owes 
me; I beg not favour, but common justice. [Zbid. No. 79.] 


Same to the Lord Keeper. To similar effect; I submit entirely 
to your lordship’s justice; I am a prisoner for demanding my own 
in a legal way, wishing to pay off the persons to whom I am 
engaged on the Ambassador’s account. [Jbi0. No. 80.] 


Same to Williamson. Understanding that my business as to 
being discharged out of prison has been referred to Lord Arlington, 
upon the motion of the Lord Keeper, having always found you 
courteous and civil, I beg you to do all you can for my enlargement. 
[Zbid. No. 81.] 

Edw. Colman to Williamson. Being anxious to go abroad, and 


there being an Embassy designed for Venice, I intreat you, if the King 
G 


98 


1668. 


Dee. 11. 


Dec. 11. 
Plymouth. 


Dec. 11. 
_ Dee. 11.. 


Dee. 11. 


Dee. 11. 


Dee. 


Dee. 12. 


Dee. 12. 


Harwich. 


Dec. 12. 


Somerset 
House. 


Dec. 12. 


Dee. 12. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


shall think fit to send a secretary to that Embassy, to procure the 
appointment for me, or that of secretary to the Ambassador ; I will 
give you 100 pieces, or any other sum you shall judge grateful and 
handsome. . [2 pages. N.P. Dom., Car. TT. 250, No. 82.] 


Ann, Lady Fanshaw, to Williamson. Lord Arlington thinking it 
is not a convenient time to move the King for payment of the 
money I have petitioned him for, I desire you will procure my peti- 
tion from Lord Arlington, with his answer upon it. [Jbid. No. 83.] 


John Clarke to Williamson. Has no news of any kind. [Zbid. 
No. 84.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 85.] 

James Hayes to Williamson. I beg to remind you of Lord Arling- 
ton’s request to be reminded, at the sitting of the Council, of the 
petition of Sir Rob. Vyner and others, concerning the H ardereen 
pink; it is his lordship’s concern as much as that of the peti- 
tioners. [Ibid. No. 86.] 


Dispensation to Thos. Willis, M.A., to hold the vicarage of King- 
ston, co. Surrey, and the rectory of Dinton, co. Bucks. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 91.] 


Presentation of Dr. Edm. Barker to the rectory of Chalton, 
co. Hants, void by resignation of Dr. George Gillingham. Minute. 
[Lbid. p. 91.] 

Docquet of the above, dated Dec. 18. [Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 300 ] 


Grant to Thomas and John Williams, in reversion after Thos. 
Wiseman, of the office of Assay of Tin, cos. Devon and Cornwall, 
salary 200l. a year. [Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 297.] 


Capt. Silas Taylor to the Navy Commissioners. Mr. Browne 
remembers that a vessel or two came laden from Sherwood, but 
refers to the books, which are at London, for the whole account; 
has ordered a search, and hopes they will receive satisfaction. Has 
been careful in relation to the hulk and muster boat, and to the 


securing the storehouses, quays, and wharfs with clay, &. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. TI. 250, No. 87.] 


Thos. Bond to Pepys. Sends the master of the vessel that 
is to carry the Queen [Mother’s] goods to Rouen, and desires him to 
order her to be ready as soon as he can. With note of the follow- 
ing contract. [Ibid. No. 88.] Encloses, 


Contract by Raphael Coles, master of the King David galliot, to 
carry what goods of the Queen Mother shall be directed by 


Ser Thos. Bond, to Rowen, for 601.—12 Dec. 1668. [Damaged. 
Ibid. No. 881.] 


Warrant to John Warburton, messenger, to take Wm. Penn into 


custody, and convey him to the Tower. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 30, f. 93.] 


Warrant to Sir John Robinson to receive him and keep him close 


prisoner, for composing the book called “The Sandy Foundation 
Shaken.” Minute. [Jbid.] 


CHARLES II. 99 


1668. i 

Dec. 12. Warrant to the Recorder of London, and the Sheriffs of London 
and Middlesex, for reprieve of Roger Carr, condemned at the Old 
Bailey Sessions for clipping, filing, and coining. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 28, f. 19.] 

Dee. 12: John Powell to Hickes. Has no news; desires his favour in 

Milford. forwarding the enclosed. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 250, No. 89.] 


Dec. 12. John Powell to Williamson. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 90.] 


Dec. 12. Ant. Thorold to Hickes. The Charity of London has arrived 
Tyme. from Malaga with fruit. She had the company of several Londoners 
and others for Bristol, and after parting, met with 5 Turkish men- 
of-war, who inquired what she was, but did not molest her. They 
speak of the greatness of Taffaletta, and the nobleness of his disposi- 
tion beyond any that ever reigned there before him. 

The Jane from Morlaix, and the Mayflower from Croisic, confirm 
the launching of the great ship at Brest, the taking off the tonnage 
from the English, and the Dutch threatening the [French] with a 

war if itis not taken off from them. ([Jbid. No. 91.] 


Dee. 13. Charles Whittington to Williamson. Particulars of the departure 
Hull. of ships ; 3 light vessels, bound for Newcastle, have been driven on 
shore at the Humber’s mouth, two of which are broken in pieces, 

and the third is much feared for. [Zbid. No. 92.] 


Dee. 13. Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The John Bonadventure has 
Portsmouth. come in to Spithead from the Canaries; the Milford was launched 
out of the dry dock, and in a few days the Nonsuch will be off the 
stocks. [Jbid. No. 93.] 
Dec. 14. John Huntington to the Navy Commissioners. Has returned 
Adam and Eve, from Hull, and requests orders for the repair of his sails, damaged 
Stockwith. by the foul weather. [Ibid. No. 94.] 


Dec. 14. Capt. George Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. Has never 
The Roebuck, received order to bear less than 50 men. At the last victualling, 
Downe: being victualled but for 40, and bound for so dangerous a coast as 
Ireland, thought good to carry a full complement, and discharged 
them as they became disabled; in the last muster in the Downs, 
had but 3 or 4 above the number, which shall be discharged accord- 

ing to orders. [Ibid. No. 95.] 
Dec. 14. Rich. Bower to Williamson. Mr. Spendlow, the minister, went to 
Yarmouth. Lord Townshend at Norwich, to answer to the things complained 
of in my former letters ; but:being much troubled by the death of 
his child the night before, he was very sparing in delivering his 
knowledge; he had been startled at Thos. Lucas’s expressions that 
his Majesty and Council were setting about a sufferance. He now 
repents that he was so gentle to them, finding them so uncivil in 

their threats. 

The Presbyterian party, who are always ready to side with the 
Independents, are offended at the complaints made, and say they 
ought to have been first made to the magistrates of the town; but 
this is only to excuse themselves of the neglect of their duty, as these 
things have been discoursed at their tables. Besides, they well know 
that Bridge resides at Yarmouth, and is daily teaching, contrary to 

G 2 


100 


1668. 


Dec. 14. 
Lyme. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


oo 


the Act which forbids his residing within 5 miles of the town. The 
2 sects act as brethren in trying to subvert the Government. 

After the house here was purged of all the Independent faction 
in 1660-61, Sir Thos. Meadows and Arthur Bacon were chosen 
bailiffs; the Independents’ meeting-place was then in the chancel 
of the church, where some thousands of them met; Sir Thos. 
Meadows put them by, and locked up the doors; they were much 
exasperated, and sought all ways to defame him. The Government 
continued in his hands, and those of his principles, until the end of 
1665, in all which time the laws against Nonconformists were by 
them put in execution, insomuch that there was not a private meet- 
ing but what was by stealth, and if discovered, they were prosecuted ; 
so that a great many of Bridge’s members came to church, and the 
rest durst not open their mouths against the Government, or report 
such notorious lies as now fly about. Had those who followed them 
discharged their duty, all would have been in a happy condition by 
this time, but in 1665 and 1666, the Presbyterians, with the assist- 
ance of the other, got the Government into their hands, and have 


kept it. Then the Nonconformists forsook the Church, and the 


turbulent spirits, who left the town in the time of Sir Thos. 
Meadows, have returned ; their meetings are public, their numbers 
increased, and no notice is taken of it. 

They next send Sam. Shipdham, a member of Bridge’s congrega- 
tion, to the Presbyterians interested in the Government, for charity 
towards the relief of the ejected ministers, which gives the In- 
pendents, upon their so free and general contribution, such satisfac- 
tion, that Bridge is immediately sent for to town, when they flock 
together in great numbers, and meet publicly in the face of autho- 
rity ; they say such'things are winked at under the King’s nose. All 
who oppose them suffer in trade or reputation for it. 

Iam informed that not one half of the Aldermen and Common 
Council have received the sacrament, and that since 1666, several 
have been taken into the House suspected not to have renounced 
the Covenant, as the magistrates would not put them upon it on 
their admission. John Woodroff, the head bailiff, moved for 
omission from the bailiff’s oath of the words, “ That you shall keep 
secret the King’s counsel,’ and “you shall govern by law and 
reason ”; also that All Saints’ Day, Twelfth Day, and the Coronation 
Day, be left off from being Scarlet days. He is the grandee of the 
Presbyterian party, and has much influence, being the only one in 
the town that lets out, money, not only of his own, but of others, 
so that he supplies all men’s occasions when they want, upon good 
security. l am threatened to be spoilt in my trade for giving a 
knowledge of these things; no interest can stand if the party com- 
plies not with them, so I must expect to suffer for what is done. 
[2 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 250, No. 96.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. The Prosperous and Lily Rose, from 
Morlaix, report that they still continue the building of great ships 
at Brest, having 2 of 100 guns upon the stocks, and many hands 
at work. The tonnage master at Morlaix has orders only to receive 
that duty till the end of December. [Ibid. No. 97.] 


1668. 
Dee. 14. 
Weymouth. 


Dec. 14. 


Pendennis. 


Dec. 14. 
Falmouth. 


Dec. 14. 


London. 


Dee. 14. 


London. 


Dec. 14. 


London. 


Dec. 14. 


London. 


Dec. 14. 
Whitehall. 


Dee. 14, 


CHARLES IT. 101 


John Pocock to Hickes. A vessel from Bordeaux reports 
that the whole discourse of the French is of war with Holland. 
Another from Cadiz has arrived, bringing the captain of the 
Providence frigate, which was lost at Tangiers; he says the 
Algiers men-of-war have plundered several English ships since Sir 
Thos. Allin left. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 250, No. 98.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. Several vessels have come in from 
Malaga, &c., with fruit and wine; 3 have been cast away between 
the Lizard and the Mount, one Dutch, and 2 French. [Jbid. 
No. 99.] 


Thos. Holden to James Hickes. The Joseph of Amsterdam, from 
Malaga, reports that she came out with 40 or 50 sail, and was near 
being cast away upon the Lizard, as one of her company was. A 
Frenchman of 11 guns, and another, are reported to have been lost 
at the same place. [Jbid. No. 100.] 


Levant Company to Sir Dan. Harvey. We congratulate your 
arrival at Smyrna. We do not think it well to press free trade for 
English ships to Alexandria, without Avanias ; the trade is of small 
consequence, giving little vent for the sale of native commodities, 
and the place subject to frequent Avanias and disasters, which we 
find, from sad experience, fall by some pretence on us. 

We renew our request that you will attend to the orders about 
suppression of false moneys, a large quantity being imported by the 
ships; all English ships importing those moneys into Turkey are not 
to be allowed to relade there; the money is to be weighed on ar- 
rival at Smyrna, and the ministers of state informed of the King’s 
dislike to the injury done to his subjects by the use of such moneys ; 
they hinder the import of English goods, which are of much import- 
ance to the Turkish empire. We hope the Earl of Winchelsea will 
not be detained, owing to the Grand Seignior’s absence, but receive 
his dismission from the Caimachan. [S.P. Foreign, Levant Com- 
pany 5, pp. 204-6.] 


Levant Company to the Consul at Smyrna. Complain of the 
continued import of false moneys. Repeat the directions of the 
preceding letter thereon. [Jbid. p. 207.] 


Levant Company to the Consul at Aleppo. Similar directions 
for preventing the further import of false moneys. [Ibid. p. 208.] 


Levant Company to Tho. Dethick and Ephraim Skinner. Ap- 
prove their execution of orders in shipping for Wm. Hedges at 
Constantinople the two cases received from Genoa and Venice. 
[Ibed.] 

Warrant to the keepers of the records in the Tower, Exchequer, 
the Rolls, &c., and to the auditor of Hampshire, to allow Lord 
St. John to examine and peruse all records relating to the New 
Forest, of which he is warden. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, p. 77.] 


Grant to George, Viscount Grandison, and Edw. Villiers of 4,7002. 
a year out of the Post Office. [Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 298.] 


102 


1668. 
Dec. 14. 


Dec. 15. 
Deal. 


Dee. 15. 
Plymouth. 


Dec. 15. 


Essex House. 


Dec. 15. 


Dee. 15. 
Whitchurch. 


Dee. 15. 


Whitehall, 


Dee. 15. 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Warrant to pay to Isaac Meynell, goldsmith, 5,000/., with in- 
terest at 6 per cent. from 17 June last, out of the hearth revenue, 
cancelling orders to Sir George Carteret to pay the same from the 
Poll money. [Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 298.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. There are about 38 sail of English 
and Dutch ships in the Downs. The great news in the country is 
that Parliament is prorogued, not adjourned to 19 October. It is 
reported that Penn, the Quakers’ Saint, has been taken up; he is 
devilishly cried up among that poor, sullen faction. Many people in 
our town will be miserable if their tickets for 1666-7 are not paid 
quickly, without bribe. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 250, No. 101.] 


John Clarke to Williamson. Two ships have arrived from 
France; a Dutchman laden with wine and fruit has been cast away 
at the Lizard, and only the men saved; 2 French bankers have been 
lost off Mount’s Bay. [Jbid. No. 102.] 


Chr. Cratford to Viscount Conway, Ragley, Warwickshire. 
Having received 4000. for interest from the Earl of Derby, and find- 
ing your lordship’s return deferred, I shall send you a bond to seal 
for 2001., and Sir Clifford Clifton another for the other 2001., that the 
money may be disposed of accordingly, or how else you may please 
to command. [Jbid. No. 103.] 


Wm. Crane to Williamson. I would have waited upon you to 
state my sufferings, had not the unjust usage of my friends 
given me to severe imprisonment in the Fleet. I beg you will hear 
this lady ; she and I are equally concerned with Lady Wandesford, 
who had a patent from King Charles I. of some valuable waste 
lands in Hampshire. I hear there are some people at the Isle of 
Wight endeavouring to obtain a title from his Majesty to Cowes; 
if there be such a motion, I beg that you will inform yourself of 
Lady Wandesford’s interest, and give a stay to it. [Zbid. No. 104.] 


Anne Nicolls to Rob. Francis. I entreat your assistance, as a 
cousin, to procure the bearer [ Bostock] some handsome employment ; 
I have a very great kindness for him, and could think of no friend so 
probable as yourself to do this favour. With note by Row. Nicolls, 
her husband, seconding the request. [Ibid. No. 105.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of Sir 
Hugh Bethel, colonel of horse of the Coldstreams, for possession for 
3 lives, at rent of 20l. a year, of all such of the King’s rents as he 
now possesses, which he purchased of the late pretended powers, 
but bis Majesty, 25 May 1661, permitted the Coldstreams to enjoy 
such purchased lands; also of those rents granted to Mr. Kirke 
for life, and to the Queen mother after his death, on rent of 


24l. 58. Od. for 31 years, he paying the rent of 20s. a year. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 18, p. 348.] i y ! 


The King to Sir Stephen Fox. We declared our pleasure on 
13 Nov. 1668, to supply such officers as were disbanded from the 
Guards in 1667, or as served the late King or ourselves when 


1668. 


Dee. 15. 


Portsmouth. 


Dec. 15. 


Portsmouth. 


Dec. 16. 


Dee. 16. 
Whiteball. 


Dec. 16. 


CHARLES II. 108 


beyond seas; you are therefore to prepare a complete list thereof 
from the lists given in by the several officers, and present the 


same to us for approbation. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 29, p. 21.] 
Annexing, 


List of officers respited in 1666 and disbanded in Sept. 1667, 
extracted out of the officers’ lists; viz., 29 from the King’s 
troop commanded by Lord Gerard; 13 from the Duke of 
York’s troop; 28 from the Guards commanded by the 
Marquis of Blanquefort; 17 from the Lord Generals Guards 
commanded by Sir Phil. Howard; 2 from the Earl of 
Oxford's regiment of horse, and 17 foot officers. [Ibid. 
p. 23.] 


List of 18 reformed officers formerly mustered in several gar- 
risons, and paid out of the Privy Purse. [Ibid. p. 27.] 


Estimate of the expense of maintenance of all the above officers 
at half-pay of what they had when in actual service ; total, 
12.. 12s. 7d. a day. [Lbrd.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to Williamson. I send the letter desired and some 
of later date. The writer [Castell, in France] speaks of goods and 
merchandize, which you will know the meaning of. The draft, 
being blotted, is not fit for his lordship’s view until it is done over 
again, when it will be worth knowledge. I could wish my friend 
might save the long journey to Marseilles and Toulon, but if it is 
thought otherwise, I will rest content, in assurance that when he re- 
turns you will understand all the affair as if you had seen it your- 
self. I will launch the Nonsuch on Monday. She will carry 48 
guns, and is intended for the experiment after Christmas. I desire 
a further supply for Mrs. Castell. [S.P. Dom, Car. II. 250, 
No 106.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. Has launched 
the Milford, and shall do the same with the Nonsuch on Monday, 
having her works nearly done. The Portland is nigh fitted, but is 
loath to bring her ashore until the commander comes to give his 
opinion about the repairs. [Jbzd. No. 107.] 


M. Wren to Pepys. The Roebuck is to continue in the Downs ; 
there is no other man-of-war there. Desires that a month’s victuals 


be supplied her. [Jbid. No. 108.] 


Letters commendatory for Fras. Watson, who wishes to impart 
to foreign nations the arts invented by him of protecting ships 
voyaging in hot climates from worms, &c., and of illuminating with 
colour as splendidly and durably as by gilding. [Latin. Foreign 
Entry Book, No. 12, p. 143.] 


Reference to the Bishop of Hereford and to the Judge of the 
Arches, before whom the cause was heard, of the petition of 
Theophilus Hart, clerk, for pardon, being unjustly accused of in- 
continency. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 18, p. 349.] 


104 


1668. 
Dec. 16. 


Dec. 16. 


Bruges. 


Dec. 16. 


Falmouth. 


Dec. 16. 


Falmouth. 


Dec. 17. 


Pembroke. 


Dec. 17. 
Deal. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Warrant to Joseph Williamson, Keeper of Papers for matters of 
State at Whitehall, to look out all papers relating to a trade proposed 
to be settled with Piedmont, or any part of the Duke of Savoy’s 
territories, and deliver themto the Council of Trade lately esta- 
blished. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 94.] 


Thos. Blount to John Crosse, at Sir Mark D’Ognaté’s. I saw 
your letter to Father Felix, and perceive that I am more obliged 
to Sir Mark and you than I am able to requite ; I understand that 
his Majesty has a great desire to take Granger. I blush to think 
that I was ever concerned with so unworthy a person; what is 
past cannot be recalled, but I hope to live better for the future. 
No person in England can take Granger but me, and the know- 
ledge of this makes Granger write to me now I am in prison, and 
clear himself of being the occasion of it, and try to ingratiate him- 


self with me again, which he shall never do, unless it be thereby 


to take him. 

If. I got out of prison, I could inform his Majesty not only of 
Granger’s several names and places of abode, but also where all 
his trunks and moneys were kept, which are worth looking after, 
as it was a very considerable sum; I can also give an account 
both of the Irish business and Mr. Fitton’s. If Sir Mark thinks 
fit to acquaint his Majesty with this, it would be a great induce- 
ment towards my enlargement, and a little persuading would make 
Nicholson withdraw the actions, by reason of the great charge 
of prosecuting me. If his Majesty will give me a protection 
for 2 or 3 months, I doubt not but in that time to take Granger, 
or set others to do so, which will be of service to the whole king- 
dom, and prevent any more rogueries; if not taken, he would 
be frightened out of the kingdom. I beg this may be kept private, 
as I have many correspondents in London. Endorsed by [Wil- 
liamson], “ Counterfeiters of writing.” [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 250, 
No. 109.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. There is a report of another vessel, 
laden with wine and nuts, having been cast away near the Lizard. 


[Ibid. No. 110.] 


_ Thos. Holden to Williamson, To the same effect as the preced- 
ing and his letter to Hickes of the 14th instant, [Zbid. No. 111.] 


John Powell to Williamson. Particulars of the arrival of ships. 
[Lbid. No, 112.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson.] I hear that the Farmers of Cus- 
toms have had several complaints against the Surveyor of Deal, 
who robbed me of my employ, and that he is likely to be dis- 
missed ; also that if my friends moved for me, I might obtain my 


desires. Had 1 money at my command, I would come up, but 


remembering your promise, I pray you to speak to the Farmers, 
before they have the excuse that it is promised to another. I 
have written to Mr. Snow, treasurer to the Archbishop of Canter- 


1668. 


Dec. 17. 


Portsmouth. 


Dec. 17. 


Dec. 17. 
Whitehall. 


Dec. 17. 


Dec. 17. 
Woolwich. 


Dec. 17. 


Dec. 18. 


Dee, 18. 


London. 


CHARLES II. 105 


bury, who is very intimate with Sir Rob. Vyner and Alderman 
Backwell, and as the complaint is very strong, [ know the Farmers 
cannot deny your request. A large Dutch ship has arrived in the 
Downs. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 250, No. 113.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Tuesday next is fixed for 
launching the new ship, the Vonsuch. (Ibid. No. 114.] 


Earl of Manchester [Chancellor of Cambridge] to Lord Ar- 
lington. I have given John Butler leave to have his D.D. degree 
in the University of Cambridge, if your lordship will move his 
Majesty to grant a mandamus for it. [Lbid. No. 115.] 


Warrant to Sam. Botley, messenger of the Chamber, to appre- 
hend William Atwood and Sarah Sanders of Canterbury, and 
bring them before Sec. Trevor. Minute. [S.P. Dom, Entry 
Book 28, f. 19.] 


Certificate by Sir Rob. Long that 672/. 3s. 2d., registered upon 
and paid out of the eleven months’ tax to Chris. Brouncker, for 
goods and wares furnished to the Navy, was in bank, and ready to 
be paid out of the Exchequer, in the manner and at the times men- 
tioned. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 250, No. 116.] 


Edward Byland to Pepys. Particulars of the work necessary 
to be.done to the Hope galliot, and the Katherine and Anne 
yachts. Desires advice thereon. [Jbid. No. 117.] 


Capt. John Berry, master of the Pearl, to Thos. Hayter. Finds 
his mainmast is within 3 inches as long as the old, and is sorry he 
was otherwise informed. Wants 2 courses of Holland duck. A 
longboat is still wanting, and a copper pipe for the furnace. [Jbid. 


No. 118.] 


Thos. Goose, purser of the Sweepstakes, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. Begs their perusal of certificates sent, conceiving they 
have received some satisfaction from Capt. Fras. Saunders, late 
commander. Requests not to be turned over to the purser of the 
Pembroke, for provisions lent to his ship for his Majesty’s interest. 
Conceives that no purser is obliged to find the carpenter wood and 
candle for caulking; did it by his commander’s desire, but hopes 
not to be a sufferer. Begs allowance for victuals given to carpenters 
and caulkers. Beseeches them to do him justice; has been faithful, 
and by his care, has saved his Majesty hundreds of pounds in 
23 months and 10 days. With note that the certificates were 
sent to Sir Wm. Penn, 29 Dec. [Zbid. No. 119.] 


Robert Foley to the Navy Commissioners. His contract will 
cease in June ; hopes they have been informed that the iron supplied 
the stores is better than any yet received; could have sold it at a 
much dearer rate, and therefore loses by it. Has put a mark as 
ordered upon his goods, at his own charge, on which his Majesty by 
proclamation forbad all others to do the like. Has many of those 
goods on hand, which he desires them to take; will then ask 


106 


1668. 


Dec. 18. 
Treasury 
Chambers. 


Dec. 18. 


Dec. 18. 


Dee. 18. 


Dec. 18. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


for his Royal Highness’s warrant, and furnish at as cheap a rate 
as anyone. With note that no answer was given, but the notice 
is to go on, and meanwhile iron is to be bought as cheap as pos- 
sible from him and others. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 250, No. 120.] 


Sir George Downing to the Navy Commissioners. The Treasury 
Commissioners have appointed the first Friday after New Year's 
Day to consider the accounts of the Leopard, Convertine, &c., de- 
pending between his Majesty and the East India Company, and 
desire them to come prepared on his Majesty’s behalf. [Ibid. 
No. 121.) 


M. Wren to Pepys. The Duke is hindered from meeting the 
Navy Commissioners, and desires them to attend him on Sunday 
next after dinner. The Portland and the ketch to go with her 
must be got ready, the Prince of Tuscany having signified his de- 
sires that she may be at the Groyne by 20 Jan. [Jbid. No. 122.] 


Receipt by W. Jessop, for the use of the Committee of Accounts, of 
two books of contracts made by the Navy Commissioners between 
1664 and 1667. [Damaged. Ibid. No. 123.] 


Sir Wm. Warren to the Navy Commissioners. Sends his 
answers to Sir John Mennes’ inquiries touching his demands for 
demurrage, &c., for fetching masts from New England in the Great 
Duke of York in 1666. Prays they will order a bill to be made out 
for what is due. [74 pages. Ibid. No. 124.] 


Sir Thos. Allin to Williamson. I gave an account of my 


The Monmouth, agreement with Algiers from there, and also from Tunis; also that 


Leghorn Road. 


they of Tripoli used me civilly; but had I not come, they had 
thoughts of taking some of our rich ships, upon the belief that they 
were slighted, their Consul’s time for return being elapsed ; but that 
is salved upon a promise that he or some other should be sent. The 
Basha desired that Consul Tucker might return, but he cannot live 
there upon his Consulage, and for buying and selling, the King is the 
sole merchant, and none can do anything in merchandize until his 
turn be served, and then it is what he pleases; therefore there 
must be some thoughts that the Turkey Company may allow him 
some salary, for if they break, it will fall heavy upon them, they 
[of Tripoli] lying always with men-of-war in their passage. i 

I sent the Montague to Malta, where her commander, Capt. 
Francis Digby, with many gentlemen with him, kindly entertained 
and answered his Majesty’s letter ;, he came to me at Messina, and I 
sent him to Palermo. I have since been at Naples, where we were all 
kindly entertained by the Viceroy, answering gun for gun upon 
promise, and saluting him with 15 pieces of ordnance, he answering 
with 17; at Messina they would only answer with 4, saying they 
never gave more to their own King’s ships, so I did not salute 
them at all. I hada very tedious passage from Naples, which I 
left on 5 Dec., to Leghorn Road ; I intend touching at ela and 
over to Algiers to see how they have behaved since I left on 29 Sept. 


1668. 


Dee. 18. 


Yarmouth. 


Dec. 18. 


Plymouth. 


Dec. 18. 


Dee. 18. 


Dee. 18. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


Dee. 18. 


Dec. 18. 


Dee. 18. 


CHARLES II. 107 


The Fleet has been in a very healthful condition ; I shall make all 
haste homeward. I write this before entering Leghorn; I have 
received no letters from England since I parted. Sir John Finch has 
been aboard, when Lord Arlington’s health was drunk, and his 
business settled about bringing home his marbles. I hope I shall 
have a line from you at Cadiz. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 250, No. 125.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. A vessel coming from Newcastle with 
coals was driven to sea, and foundered upon the coast of Yetland 
[Zealand ?] but the men were saved by a boat from shore. A flyboat 
has arrived with masts from Scotland on his Majesty’s account, and 
a vessel from Norway with raft; 4 vessels have sailed for the Straits 
and 2 for Bordeaux. A deacon of Mr. Bridge’s church was buried 
this ‘afternoon. When they had brought him to the grave, the 
minister being there, they set down the corpse and fled, only one 
staying, which caused another to return, so that there were only 
those 2 and a friend of mine, to put the corpse into the grave. Pray 
acknowledge receipt of my letter of the 14th, and send a Gazette. 
[Ibid. No. 126.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. Arrival of 2 ships, one from France, 
laden with wine and prunes for Ireland, and the other from Bilbao 
with iron. [Zbid. No. 127.] 


John Clarke to Williamson. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 128.] 


[Henry] Oldenburg to Williamson. The enclosed begs a speedy 
conveyance to Vienna for one of our [the Royal] Society, employed 
for the benefit of philosophy, who intends for Constantinople and 
the Morea. [Ibid. No. 129.] 


The King to the Vice-Chancellor of Cambridge. We wish the 
University to confer a D.D. degree on John Butler, clerk, he perform- 
ing the usual exercises. [Jbid. No. 130.] 


Thos. Elyot [or Elliot, Master of the Harriers] to Williamson. 
Please to advertise in the newspaper the loss of a young white 
hound of the King’s, which has a cross, his Majesty’s mark, on 
the near shoulder. [Jbid. No. 131.] 


Information by John Winter. I went yesterday with Roger 
Vaughan to the house of Thos. Leach, printer, who works journey 
work with Mr. Redman, printer, and informed him that I wanted 
a sheet of paper lately printed by Redman touching the affairs of 
Ireland, having a friend going there whom I was obliged to satisfy, 
though I purchased it at any rate. He showed me a copy, but 
Vaughan said it was a private thing, and somewhat dangerous, and 
that it was not possible to get a copy, as he had offered a crown for 
one himself and been refused, and could only procure the-loan of 
one overnight, to be returned the next morning. [Zbid. No. 132.] 


Report of [the Bishop of Norwich] to the King, on the reference 
made on the petition of [Lord Arlington. See Calendar, 1667-8, 
p. 460.] Finds that the rectory of Fakenham Parva, Suffolk, adjoins 
the parish of Euston, and that the profits are not worth 25/. a year ; 
that there is but one family in the parish of Fakenham, which has 


108 


1668. 


Dee. 18. 


Whitehall. 


Dee. 18. 
Dec. 18. 


Whitehall. 


Dee. 18. 


Whitehall. 


Dee. 18. 


Whitehall. 


Dec. 18. 


Dec. 18 


Whitehall. 


Dec. ? 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


neither church, chapel, nor place of divine worship, so that the 
family usually resort to Euston Church, which is about a mile off ; 
that the present incumbent of the rectory of Fakenham Parva was 
admitted upon his Majesty’s presentation pleno jure, but does not 
reside, there being no place of residence for the rector; and that 
Fakenham and Euston have been joined by his Majesty’s predeces- 
sors in one presentation, and are jointly rated in the office of First 
Fruits, by the name of Fakenham Parva et Euston, under one entire 
value of 181. 7s. 11d.; also that the 3 preceding incumbents to the 
present one were admitted to the rectory of Fakenham, on the 
presentation of Nich. Rookwood, the patron, and that it will be 
convenient to make a union of the two churches. [Parchment. 
S.P. Dom., Car. IT..250, No. 133.) Annexing, 


Extract from the register of Edward [Reynolds], Bishop of 
Norwich, giving the presentations to Fakenham and 
Euston, from 1559 to 1682. [Parchment, Latin. Ibid. 
No. 1331] 


Proclamation further proroguing Parliament from 1 March to 
19 Oct. next. Siened by Sir Rich. Browne, as read and approved 
in Council. [Jbid. No. 134.] 


Copy of the above. [Printed. Proc. Coll., p. 263.] 


Order in Council approving a proclamation prohibiting the export 
of unwrought horns, and directing the same to be presented for the 
King’s signature, and printed and published. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 
250, No. 135.] 


Proclamation on petition of the Horners’ Company—complaining 
of the transportation of large quantities of unwrought horns—en- 
forcing former statutes which forbid such export, and forbidding 
the sale of horns to aliens or strangers. [Printed. Proc. Coll., 
p. 264. ] 


Warrant for a patent for 14 years to Dr. Peter Chamberlain of 
his invention of a mode of navigating in a straight line, with all 
winds though contrary. -[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f.,77.] - 


Warrant for a grant to George, Duke of Buckingham, and his 
heirs, of the holding of 3 new yearly fairs and a weekly market at 
Ragby [Wragby], Lincoln, although no writ of ad quod damnum 
has been held thereon. [Jbid. f. 83.] 


Warrant for a grant of the same to the same, on an inquisition of 
13 Nov. of ad quod damnum, that it will be no damage to neigh- 
bouring fairs. [Zbid. f. 78.] 


Petition of Sir George Stonehouse, Bart., to the King, for a regrant 
of his baronetcy, on surrender thereof and payment of a fine, with 
remainder to his younger sons, John and James—the eldest, George, 
proving unworthy thereof—and for continuance of the former prece- 
dency. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 250, No. 186.] Anneaing, 


Account of the descent of the baronetcy, granted 7 May 1628 to 
Wm. Stonehouse of Radley, co. Berks, and now held by his 


1668. 


[Dec. 18.] 
Whitehall. 


Dec. 18. 


[ Dec. 18.] 
Dee. ? 


Dee. ? 


[Dee. 18.] 


CHARLES It. 109 


second son Georye, John, the eldest son, having died without 
issue. Sir George has disinherited his eldest sun for dis- 
obedience and frenzy, and wishes the title, as well as the 
estate, to be settled on his younger son. Arguments and 
precedents in favour of the request, and of that for main- 
taining the former prevedency of the baronetcy. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II, 250, No. 1361.] 


Warrant for a grant to Sir George Stonehouse, Bart., of the 
dignity of a baronet for life, with remainder to John and James, 
his younger sons, with the same precedency as was due to him by 
the patent of his late father, Sir William Stonehouse. [Jbid. 
No. 137.] 


Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 95.] 


Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 250, No. 138.] 


Petition of Sir George Stonehouse, Bart., to the King, for the 
entail of his baronetcy to be changed to his second son John, on 
whom he has conferred his estate, his eldest son having proved un- 
worthy to succeed either to the title or property. With note that 
the grant is duly made out to John his second son, with remainder 
to James his third son, but is stayed by the Treasury Commissioners, 
on account of a late order in Council against such patents as are 
granted anew, without another order to dispense with the former 
patent. [Draft. Ibid. No. 139.] 


Petition of the same to the King and Council, complaining of the 
above obstacle to the completion of his grant, and requesting an 
order for it to be passed. [Draft. Ibid. No. 140.] 


Warrant for a letter of privy seal, in form subjoined, authorising 
a loan of 2,0007. to Sir Solomon Swale, Bart., to be repaid by 1000. 
yearly for 20 years, on security of his lands in Yorkshire, which are 
to be demised on the Crown for 99 years, at a peppercorn rental, 


- and redemised to hira for 98 years, on rental of 100/. for the first 


Dee. 18. 
Dee. 19. 


Dee. ? 


Dee. 19. 
Committee of 
Inspection, 
Speaker’s 
Chambers. 


20 years. [Ibid. No. 141.] 
Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 97.] 


Caveat in favour of Mrs. Chiffinch, that nothing pass of the estate 
of the late Maurice Van Lore, merchant, of London. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 32, p. 3.] 


Petition of Col. Wm. Chamberlain and Capt. Thos. Chamberlain, 
his brother, to the King, for an order to the trustees to admit them 
into the list of indigent officers, to share in the lottery, although by 
their accidental absence from town, their names were not given in 
within the few days prescribed. [Jbid. No. 142.] 


Certificate by Wm. Dicconson, clerk inspector, that upon exami- 
nation of several certificates under the hands of the Earl of Oxford, 
Henry, Lord Arundel of Wardour, and others named, the Board was 
satisfied that Col. Wm. Chamberlain was colonel of about 300 horse, 
and has all qualifications according to rule, and therefore passed 
the inspection. [/bid. No. 148.] 7 


110 


1668. 


Det. 19. °° 


` Deal. 


Dee. 19. 


Sunderland. 


Dec. 19. 


Weymouth. 


Dec. 19. 
Woolwich 
Ropeyard. 


Dec. 19. 


Dec. 20. 


Portsmouth. 


Dee. 20. 


Dec. 20. 


Pembroke. 


Dee. 20. 
Dee. 20. 


Barnstaple. 


Dee. 21. 


Pendennis. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


OS 


Rich. Watts to [Francis ?]. The great East India Dutch ship that 
came into the Downs ran aground on the Rip-raps, but did not 
suffer much. Fifty English and foreign ships are in the Downs, 
outward bound. I beg your assistance in regaining my employ- 
ment as surveyor in the Customs at Deal, which I lost in February 
last, though with no complaint against me. Sir Rob. Vyner and 
Alderman Backwell are made my friends by the Archbishop of 
Canterbury. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 250, No. 144.] - 


Benj. Francis to Rob. Francis. Family affairs. [Ibid. No. 145.] 


John Pocock to Hickes. We hear by a ship from Rochelle that a 
frigate of 120 guns has been launched at Toulon, and order given 
for building 50 small frigates of 36 guns each. A vessel with wine 
has been driven ashore at White North, 2 leagues north-east of this 
port, and staved to piéces. [Zbid. No. 146.] 


Wm. Bodham, clerk of the ropeyard, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners, Desires an order to sell 2 or 3 tons of decayed shakings 
to the paper makers; it has been picked already for oakum. 


[Ibid. No. 147.] 


John Hatch, boatswain of the Assurance, to the Navy Com- 
missioners. Having passed his accounts, begs payment of his wages, 
amounting to 65l. 9s. 11d., for which he has 3 tickets. [Zbid. 
No. 148.] 


Capt. John Tinker, master attendant, to Pepys. Has bought 
6 dozen oars for present use, and desires payment for them. 
Asks for a further supply, and for other stores. The boatswain of 
the Estrig hulk died this morning; there will not need another, as 
the Slothany hulk will soon be fitted, when there will be no need 
of this; will put a man to take care of her meanwhile. [1} pages. 


Ibid. No. 149.] 


Examination of Jo. Redman, printer, before Lord Arlington. 
Has been abroad for debt since the fire, and his wife took the 
book headed “Queries about Ireland,” to print; 200 copies were 
printed for 1/.5s. 0d. It was brought by Everard, a Papist, lodging 
in Southampton Buildings, Holborn, Redman keeps 4 servants at 
work, and attends his parish church, St. James’s, Clerkenwell. 
Everard had all the copies and the MS. also. [Zbid. No. 150.] 


John Powell to Williamson. A ship has been cast away near 
St. David’s, laden with wines and fruit, but the crew all saved; the 
ship fell into the hands of the rude multitude, who turned the 
wines out to carry the casks away: it is not yet known to what 
place she belonged. [Ibid. No. 151.] 

John Powell to Hickes. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 152.] 

Wm. Wakeman to Williamson, The Amity and Willing Mind 
of Barnstaple have returned from Bilbao, having disposed of their 


cargoes of Newfoundland fish, and brought home money and some 
iron in return. [Zbid. No. 158.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. Two London vessels came into 
port from the Canaries with wine, but have sailed again. There 


1668. 


CHARLES II. 111 


~ are 2 or 3 Dutchmen outward bound, and a few English vessels. 


Dee. 21. 
Falmouth. 


Dec. 21. 


Bristol. 


Dee. 21. 


Yarmouth. 


Dec. 21. 
Weymouth. 


Dec. 21. 
Whitehall. 


Dee. 21. 
Whitehall. 


The weather has been very tempestuous for a long time. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. 1I. 250, No. 154.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. The Emperor Maaimilian of Middle- 
burg, laden with salt, sugar, tobacco, &c., has been cast away near 
the Lizard, being the fourth ship within 14 days. The Sarah and 
Martha of London, from the Canaries, have sailed. [Jbid. No. 155.] 


Ja. Baskerville to Williamson. There has been very bad weather 
of late; most of the fleet outward bound are yet in port, and a 
Dutch man-of-war of 32 guns has been forced up the Channel. It 
it reported by the Sea Flower from Barbadoes, that Lord Willoughby 
has been above a month at sea on his way to England. [Jbid. 
No. 156.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. I was mistaken in my statement that 
the Presbyterians gained the government of this town in the 
year 1665, it being in 1666. Edmond Thaxter, one of the party, 
was chosen bailiff by the townsmen in 1665, but was laid aside, 
and Rob. Nicholson and Wm. Bateman took place by mandamus, 
but these will not be owned by the Presbyterian party to have 
been bailiffs, upon which account they have several times been 
affronted in taking their seats in the church. There is a peculiar 
seat in the church for the bailiffs and the aldermen, the bailiffs sitting 
at the upper end, the justices next, and every alderman that 
has been bailiff in order; those that never bore the office, ac- 
cording to the time they have been aldermen, sit next the lower 
end; but if a junior alderman be chosen bailiff, he sits above his 
seniors that never bore that office. Wm Bateman, coming to his 
place yesterday during divine service, James Johnson—formerly an 
alderman, but turned out—being in the aldermen’s seat, set up his 
feet and would not let him pass, upon which Bateman forced away 
his leg, and had like to have passed by; Alderman Thaxter, per- 
ceiving this, caught hold of his gown behind, and pulled him back 
violently, and Mr. Johnson struck him, so I fear it will not be long 
before they are all together by the ears. Further details of the 
quarrel. [Ibid. No. 157.] 


John Pocock to Hickes. Several parcels of wine and casks have 
been driven on shore. The Palm Tree of Weymouth, from the 
Canaries, reports that the London fleet had not arrived there when 
she left 5 weeks since. Other vessels have come in from Lisbon, &c. 


[Ibid. No. 158.] 


Order granting the petition of Eliz. Wallop, for the King’s 
recommendation of her sad condition to the Lord Keeper, Lord 
Ashley, and Sir Hen. Vernon, grantees of her husband’s estate. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 18, p. 351.] 


Petition of Sir Wm. Pulteney to the King, for protection from 
vexatious suits by direction of Sir John Denham, Surveyor of 
Works, for digging for clay in an acre of land held from his 
Majesty, though the bricks made. therewith have been used to 


112 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1668. 
improve another part of the lands, and though in a new lease lately 


contracted for, the land was the more valued for that improvement. 
It has been customary for tenants to dig for clay or gravel, making 
good the ground again. With reference thereon to the Attorney- 
General, [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 250, No. 159.] 


Dee. 21. Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 18, p. 352.] 


Dee. 21. Grant to Dr. John Butler to be Prebendary of Windsor in the 
room of Dr. George Gillingham. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, 

p. 92.) 
Dec. Docquet of the above, dated Dec. 29. [Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 303.] 


Dec. 21. Order for a warrant for Col. Legg to transfer to the Duke of 
Monmouth 1,8007., out of the orders registered in his name on the 
Act of Additional Aid, in full of a former privy seal for the same. 
[Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 301.] 


Dec. 21. Rob. Williams, cook of the Triumph, to the Navy Commis- 
Earl of sioners. Being master cook to the late Earl of Northumberland, 
Norhumer- and an old servant, I waited on him for 6 months, during his sick- 
Petworth. ness, and until his death ; which, with sorrow for the loss of so good 
a master, detracted my thoughts from other concerns, and being 
70 years old, and indisposed, I am incapable of travel. I desire you 
to dispense with my absence and non-performance of duty on 
board, until the spring. With note that his attendance on board 
cannot be dispensed with, but by leave from the Lord High Admiral. 

[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 250, No. 160.] 


Dee. 21. Wm. Hannam, master attendant, to the Navy Commissioners. 

Woolwich. Thinks if the Roe ketch had had officers and men, she might have 
been ready to sail. Knows not where the captain lives, but as 
soon as he meets with him, will acquaint him with their commands. 
[Lbid. No. 161.] 


Dec. 21. Wm. Bodham to the Navy Commissioners. The 50/. imprest for 

Woolwich. oakum picking being nearly expended, desires a further imprest ; 
cannot deliver out more junk unless he can pay for it. The 502. 
has done much good amongst the poor in this time of want, and 
many are glad to work on it that would lately have thought scorn 
of such poor earnings; many of the ropemakers work on it in the 
evenings. [Zbid. No. 162.] 


Dee. 22. Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. Isend the names 
Soe ine of 5 pursers who have passed their accounts; I desire you to bring 
“the others to account, that his Majesty may receive satisfaction in 
the expense of his victuals, with casks, iron hoops, &c., delivered 
with the provisions, and what shall be found to be due on the 
balance of their accounts, so that I may prosecute them and their 
securities in the Court of Exchequer. Noted as answered by a 
letter to Sir Wm. Penn—22 Dec. [Jbid. No. 163.] Encloses, 


List of 68 pursers belonging to ships named, who neglect to 
bring im their papers im order to pass their accounts, 
though their books are sent by Sir Wm. Penn to the Victual- 
ling Office in order thereunto. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 1631] 


1668. 


Dec. 22. 


Portsmouth. 


Dec. 22. 


Portsmouth. 


Dec. 22. 
Whitehall. 


[Dec. 22.] 
[ Whitehall. ] 


Dee. 22. 
Whitehall. 


Dec. ? 


Dee. ? 


79380, 


CHARLES II. 1138 


List of 26 pursers belonging to ships named, whose books and 
papers are at the Victualling Office, and who are found in 
debt upon their accownts.—10 Jan. 1669. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 250, No. 16311.] 


Inst of 42 pursers belonging to ships named, who are in debt 
upon ther accounts, and who do not appear to clear them. 
—18 Dec. 1668. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 163111] 


Capt. Ant. Deane, master shipwright, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. Thinks the Portland will be so perfected that when the 
commander comes, he will have nothing to do but to put in his 
provisions and sail. Has launched the Vonsuch, which is completed, 
except some little joiner’s work; shall despatch the hulk with all 
diligence. Is in great want of elm timber, and cannot be supplied 
until the money is ordered, which was promised by them some time 
since. [Ibid. No. 164.] 


Capt. John Tinker to Pepys. Will make all possible despatch 
of the Portland, and shall launch the new ship this tide, of which 
Capt. Deane will give an account. Is in great want of oars, candles, 
and shovels. [Jbid. No. 165.] 


Petition of Henry, Marquis of Worcester, to the King, for a re- 
grant of the advowson of the parish church of Chalton, co. Hants 
granted by King James to Edward Earl of Worcester, for 1871. 1s. 84d., 
but to which the late King, on some misinformation, presented 
Dr. Gillingham, who made a private agreement with —_—— Price, 
presented by Henry, Marquis of Worcester, so that the right of ad- 
vowson is lost. With reference thereon to Lord Keeper Bridgman, 
and his report, 18 Jan. 1669, in favour of the re-grant, but recom- 
mending that, as the Marquis cannot legally recover the advowson, 
Dr. Edmund Barker, the King’s presentee on this vacancy, should 
receive institution. [Jbid. Nos. 166, 167.] 


Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Bath to Lord 
Arlington, to assist their petition [to the King], committed to the 
hands of the Duchess of Monmouth, that the assizes may be annually 
held in their town; they have many opposers, who plead the settle- 
ment of the place of sessions, which has been set aside in other cases. 
[Zbid. No. 168.] 


Reference of the petition to the King above alluded to, to the 
Lord Keeper and the Judges who have usually gone that circuit. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 18, p. 351.) 


“Reasons for settling the summer assizes for the county of 
Somerset, to be holden yearly, for the future, at the city of Bath ;” 
showing that it is as convenient a place as Taunton, where the 
winter assizes are held; that they were held there before the wars, 
and twice since the Restoration; and that the King, at his visit, 
promised to settle one of the assizes there. [S.P. Dom., Car. LT, 
250, No. 169.] 


Arguments by [Wm.] Prynne for an assize at the city of Bath. 
That Bath pays 121. yearly in hearth money, whilst Wells and 
Taunton, which have each one assize and quarter sessions, pay only 

H 


114 


1668. 


Dec. 22. 
Whitehall. 


Dee. 22. 


Dec. 22. 


Dec. 22. 
Whitehall. 


Dec. 22. 
Plymouth. 


Dee. 22. 
Deal. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


251. 8s. and 24l. 2s. The request of Bath is that the Lent Assizes 
be held there, and that the winter quarter sessions, formerly 
kept at Wells, be removed thither; that the Michaelmas quarter 
sessions be removed from Bridgwater to Wells, and the Midsummer 
quarter sessions from Taunton to Bridgwater. Bath was the first 
garrison in the west for the late King, and the first to proclaim his 
present Majesty, and Taunton was the first in opposition to both. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 250, No. 170.] 


Petition of Ralph Davenant to the King, for a grant of the 
rectory of Stepney. Can show that simony was committed in the 
last disposition of it, by which means the rectory is, for this turn, 
in his Majesty’s gift. With reference thereon to the Bishop of 
Hereford, and his report in favour of the petition. [Zbid. 
Nos. 171, 172.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom. Entry Book 18, 
f. 351] 


Warrant for a grant with survivorship to John Norden, jun., 
and William Bridgeman, on surrender of John Norden, sen., 
of the office of executing all laws and statutes relative to bank- 
ruptey, registering and passing all commissions relating thereto, 
examining witnesses, &c. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 95.] 


Report by the Earl of Lauderdale, Sir John Berkeley, and Lord 
Ashley [Prize Commissioners], on David Grosse’s case. We find in 
the account of incident and promiscuous charges for the port of 
Plymouth, that more was placed to the credit as paid than was ap- 
portioned on the respective ships then in port, so that the Treasury 
of Prizes had like to have been brought in debt 124d. as part of 
1587. said to be due to Grosse; we did not think . fit to allow it, 
though it appears by the vouchers returned for the money, that the 
Commissioners were satisfied he had expended money to that 
amount, over and above what was allowed him; but we request 
that Grosse may have 120/. by warrant under signet and sign 
manual. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 250, No. 173. See p. 158 infra.] 


John Clarke to Williamson. The Star of London, bound for the 
Kast Indies, has been forced in by stress of weather, with the loss 
of her main and fore masts; also a small vessel from Spain, laden 
with lemons and oranges, [Jbid. No. 174.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. A vessel from Bordeaux reports 
that on 22 Nov., as one-of Mr. Saint’s men, with a couple of 
herrings, was going over a vessel where there were some French- 
men, one of the Frenchmen desired the herrings, and struck the 
Englishman and knocked him down. Saint’s vessel lying by, the 
company endeavoured to rescue their friend, insomuch that a 
mutiny arose, and one of the Frenchmen was much cut, whereupon 
the cowards of Bordeaux beat up the drums, pretending strange 
things, and the murder of 40 or 50 French, and the next day 
Saint was imprisoned, with all his men, and several other ship- 
masters stayed. [Zbid. No. 175.] 


1668. 
Dec. 22. 


Portsmouth. 


Dec. 22. 


Dec. 22. 
Oxford. 


Dec. 23. 
Falmouth. 


Dec. 23. 
Falmouth, 


Dee. 23. 
Whitehall. 


[Dee. 23.] 


[Dec. 23.] 
Dee. 23. 
Dee. 24. 


CHARLES II. 115 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Vonsuch was launched in 
half an hour; she is a very stiff ship, and had no ballast in her 
at all. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 250, No. 176.] 


T. Sprat to Williamson. Pray assist Mr. Parr in his petition, as 
it will be a very charitable and worthy work. [Jbid. No. 177.] 


Dr. Jenkins to Williamson. Being advised that Lord Ashley has 
paid the 540/. additional salary which Lord Arlington obtained for 
me 22 months ago, I beg to return thanks to you and Lord Arling- 
ton. I send Father Patrick’s procuration; I have studied and 
shaped it with the greatest attention. Iam in the greatest confu- 
sion, as I cannot send the copy of Father Patrick’s provision in 
Flanders, which he lent to me; I was so hurried away from Eton by 
the Provost [Dr. Rich. Allestry,] that I left my papers—wherein was 
Father Patrick’s instrument and his letter, with the names and titles 
of his procurators of the abbey—with my man to bring down; but 
I suppose the engrosser of the instrument may be able to do with- 
out it. Mr. Provost of Queen’s College [Dr. Thos. Barlow] gives 
Mr. Clifford a singular good character. [Zbid. No. 178.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. The Concord of Havre de Grace has 


arrived very leaky, having received many shots in the time of the 
war. [Jbid. No. 179.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. To the same effect as the preced- 
ing and his letter to Hickes of the 21st. [Jbid. No. 180.] 


Proclamation for apprehension of Edw. Madox, alias Morgan, 
and 22 other notorious robbers—who daily commit disorders, but 
by negligence in keeping of watch and ward, and of pursuing them 
with hue and ery, are not yet taken—ordering stricter care therein. 
Also ordering that all vintners, gaming-house keepers, inn-keepers, 
&c., in whose houses murder or burglary is committed, apprehend 
the offenders, and offering 10/. reward to all who shall prosecute 
such before 24 June next. Also ordering an account to be taken of all 
horses in London or Westminster let out on hire to others, as many 
are kept for those who commit great offences. [Printed Proc. Coll., 
p. 264a.] 


Order for a warrant to pay to Noel Warner, of East Greenwich, 
1,254l. for the purchase of the Ship Tavern, and an adjoining tene- 
ment called the Rose in that place, for the King. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 250, No, 181.] 


Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 94.] 
Docquet of the above. [Docquet, Vol. 23, No. 302.] 


Thos, Abrahall, ship chandler, to the Navy Commissioners, Re- 
quests to continue to supply stores, and as ready money will 
be paid, shall abate on the former prices, and give content in good- 
ness; is in very great straits for want of 6002. due for setting out 
the last summer’s fleet, being promised ready money, [S.P. Dom, 
Car, TI. 250, No. 182.] 


H 2 


116 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1668. 
Dec. 24. Note of payments made on 23 and 24 Dec. for the 11 months 
assessment; totals, 1,364/. 11s. 11d. and 17,7781. 19s. 3d. [S.P. Dom., 

Car. IT. 250, No. 182a.] 


Dee. 24. Licence for Francis Cooke to see William Penn, his master, a 
prisoner in the Tower. and to speak to him in presence of his 


keeper. Minute. [S.P Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 96.] 


Dee. 24. Sir Nich. Armorer to Williamson. Lieut.-Col. Mutass is a person 
Mews. that has always served his Majesty, and has all the required 
qualifications ; I conceive there can hardly be a person who more 
wants relief, or better deserves it. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 250, 

No. 183.] 


Dee. 24. Thos. Ross to Williamson. I find the knight I named to you to 
be a true object of your charity, and next to him Capt. Sam. Terick, 
who is 60 years of age, and has a wife and 7 children, and who is 


eminently known for his service to the King in his county of 
Lancashire. [Zbid. No. 184.] 


Dec. 24. Rich. Watts to Williamson. The Fortwne of London has arrived 
Deal. from Portugal, and reports that on her voyage for England, she 
was met by 3 Algiers men-of-war, who took from her 7/. worth of 
oranges and lemons, 20/. worth of wine, and their arms, clothes, pro= 
visions, books and instruments, and very much beat some of the men 

for desiring a return of some of their clothes. [Zbid. No. 185.] 


Dec. 24. John Powell to Hickes. Account of the wreck of the Amity of 
Milford. Southampton, near St. David’s Head ; the crew were all saved; the 
master was unable to rescue any of the wine, owing to the barbarous 


behaviour of the people of Ramsey Island in staving the casks. 
[Ibid. No. 186.] 


Dec. 24, John Powell to Williamson. To the same effect, [Lbid. 
Milford. Vo, 187.] 


Dec. 24. Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Bonadventure came into the 
Portsmouth. dry dock to be graved and fitted; the Milford is ready for her 
provisions, and the Nonsuch will soon be rigged. [Zbid. No. 188.] 


Dec. 25. Rich. Watts to Williamson. The fleet of 75 ships, outward 
Deal. bound, sailed this day, 1 pm. [Jbid, No. 189.] 


Dee. 25. John Clarke to Williamson. Two ships have arrived, one from 
Plymouth. the Straits, and the other from Portugal. [Zbid. No. 190.] 


Dec. 25. Sir Thos. Allin to Williamson. I arrived in the Bay of Tunis 
The lay es on 27 October, and was received with great civility; the Bey’s 
Leghorn Road. brother, who is the great owner of the men-of-war, invited all my 

officers to his country house 2 miles off, and gave them 100 dishes 
of meat. The Basha at Tripoli is very angry that the Consul is 
not returned, and thinks himself slighted. Their men-of-war are 
said to have private instructions to capture any English ships they 
meet of value, but not to meddle with the small ones. The French, 
when at Tripoli with their squadron, used tricks to persuade them 
to break with the English, and the Bey’s brother told the English 


1668. 


Dec. 25. 


Portsmouth. 


Dec. 26. 
Woolwich. 


Dee. 26. 


Portsmouth. 


Dec. 26. 
The Roebuck, 
Downs. 


Dec. 26. 
The Roebuck, 
Downs. 


CHARLES II. W7 


Consul that their Judge Advocate was very earnest about it; but 
he replied that one English ship was of more value than 20 of theirs, 
as their commodities sent—wine, apples, nuts, &e.—were inconsider- 
able. They are ready to break with the French and Dutch, and 
have sunk a Dutch vessel of 36 guns ; they have 36 Dutchmen saved 
in their Banyard, who are looking every day to be made slaves ; 
they have also a very rich French ship, bound from Constantinople 
for Venice. [The preceding portion is a copy of a letter written 
from Tumis, 1 Nov., and sent in duplicate.] 

Weare in as good a position with the three people I was sent to as 
can be expected from such a generation of barbarians. We reached 
Leghorn, 17 Dec. ; particulars of a contest with the authorities there 
as to the number of guns to be fired on either side in saluting. I wrote 
to Sir John Finch that I could not answer unless I had 6 guns, the 
same as the French King’s flag had. The Grand Duke [of Tuscany] 
sent a present of bullocks, sheep, wine, and fruit. I intend sailing 


to-morrow towards Genoa, to see how that State will honour our 


Master’s flag; I have written to Consul [George] Legat to prepare 
them for a speedy answer, and as their road is open and dangerous, 
I shall not stay there more than 2 days. I have ordered Capt. 
Harris, commander of the Little Victory, to take Lord Arlington’s 
marbles. [14 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 250, No. 191.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. Sends an account 
of things required, and desires a warrant to the storekeeper for their 
receipt. Will take care that the beams and harpins for the new 
ship shall be provided to adjust the money in Mr. Steventon’s hands, 
The Portland is done, but the commander desires more cabins to 
be built; requests orders therefor, they having formerly denied any 
to be set up in new places. With note that the account was de- 
livered to the surveyor, to see to their supply. [Zbzd. No. 192.] 


Edw. Byland, shipwright’s assistant, to Pepys. Launched the 
Pearl, and assisted the undertakers of the wrecks, whose vessels 
are too small in quantity. Intends to dock the Katherine and 
Anne yachts, but wants timber for the works. Will set the caulkers 
to work on the ships. [Jbid. No. 193.] 


St. J. Steventon to the Navy Commissioners. Before their 
order came to receive into the stores 6,000 of hemp in the 
Batchelor from Mr. Browne of St. Malo, the master of the vessel 
had arrived, and as coming from France, was refused entrance 
into the port by the Governor, without quarantine ; upon which he 
went to Southampton, unloaded, and housed the goods there, where 
they lie at his Majesty’s charge, which will increase by their con- 
tinuing ; they will not be redelivered without paying the whole of 
the customs’ charges, warehouse room, We. [Jbid. No. 194.] 

Capt. George Liddell to Thos. Hayter. Asks for 20 blank tickets ; 
gave written ones to some of his discharged men, but is daily 
troubled with letters saying they are refused. [Jbid. No. 195.] 

Same to the Navy Commissioners. The York Merchant flyboat 
came aboard me and broke my bowsprit; I was forced to cut her 
cable, or she would have sunk me; I have weighed for her anchor 


118 


1668. 


Dec. 27. 


Dec. 27. 


Portsmouth. 


Dec. 28. 
The Fountain, 
Deptford. 


Dec. 28. 


Westminster. 


Dec. 28. 
Chatham. 


Dec. ? 


Dec. 28. 


Dec. [28.] 


Dec. 28. 


Swansea. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


and got it aboard. I have got the Greenwich’s broken topmast for a 
bowsprit, and am ready to sail. I have given the Duke of York 
this account, and desire orders. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 250, No. 196.] 


M. Wren to the Navy Commissioners. Asks them to send to 
the Trinity House to provide two able pilots to carry the Mary 
Rose, in which the Earl of Carlisle goes Ambassador to Sweden, to 
the port of Malstron. [Zbid. No. 197.] 


Capt. John Tinker to Pepys. Hopes the galliot hoy that 
came in has brought shovels, as there are none to be had here. 
If the Nonsuch is to be fitted out for sea, desires a warrant for 
entering more men, and for sending victuals aboard. The Portland 
is cleaned, and will take in her provisions this week. [Jbid. 
No. 198.] 


Capt. Ben. Young to the Navy Commissioners. Desires them 
to hasten his purser, who has been with them about passing the 
pay books; cannot leave the ship from fear of embezzlements, 
having some “tokens for the Court” on board. [Jbid. No. 199.] 


Sir George Downing to Pepys. Recommends for some recompense 
Lieut. Pretty, who lost his eye in the late war. [Jbid. No. 200.] 
Annexing, 

Certificates by Capt. John Silver and Jacob Ruben, surgeon, 
11 July 1668, by J. Pearse, 12 Jan. 1669, and by the 
Earl of Carlisle, 13 Jan. 1669, that Lieut. Saxey Pretty, of 
the Kent frigate, lost an eye in. taking the Brache, a Dutch 
frigate, on 11 July 1667. [Zbid. Nos. 2001—-111.] 


Edw. Homewood to Pepys. Asks for an order to dispose of 
155 pieces of sorry firewood brought from Scotland.’ This is all 
the master owns to, but he has sold some longer stuff to the boat- 
swain of the yard for rafters, &c. [Ibid. No. 201.] 


Note of the appointment of Sir Rob. Holmes as Governor of the 
Isle of Wight, on surrender of Lord Colepeper; also of the ordinary 
charges now allowed in the castles and forts of the island, above 
those established by the late King, amounting to 285l. 11s. 9d. 
yearly. [14 pages. Ibid. No. 202.] 


Warrant for a grant to Sir Rob. Holmes, on surrender of Thomas, 
Lord Colepeper, of the office of Governor and Captain of the Isle of 
Wight, with all arrears of fees, profits, &., payable since Michaelmas 
last, to the time of the surrender. [Zbid. No. 203.] 


Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 96.) 
Docquet of the above, dated 16 Jan. 1669. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 3] 


Jo. Man to Williamson. The Friendship of London has arrived 
at Tenby from Valencia, with salt and fruit, and a Rotterdam 
vessel with salt and tar for Kinsale; also a Barnstaple man from 
Rochelle, who reports that 60 sail of English, French, and Dutch have 
been cast away in the late storms, on the coast of France. [S.P. 
Dom., Car, IT, 250, No, 204.] 


1668. 
Dec. 28. 


Pendennis. 


Dec. 28. 


Dee. 28. 


Dee. 29. 
Cock-pit. 


Dec. 29. 


Dee. 29. 


Yarmouth. 


Dec. 29. 
Navy Office. 


CHARLES II. 119 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. A French ship arrived from the 
Barbadoes was at St. Christopher’s when the French surprised the 
English; she has sent away a great packet of letters by express for 
the French King, and for the French Royal Company, to whom she 
belongs, and is supposed to be very rich. Four other vessels have 
come in from places named. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 250, No. 205.] 


Sir Phil. Musgrave to Williamson. I must close the old year by 
giving you thanks for many favours. The Commissioners of Excise 
and their inferior officers exercise a very arbitrary power in these 
parts, grieving the people, and disgusting those in authority, whom 
they reproach to their faces, so that Sir George Fletcher, Sir John 
Lowther, and several others, had a meeting to consult how to pre- 
serve his Majesty’s authority, and his revenue, from lessening by the 
default of his officers. Pray acquaint Sir Thos. Clifford with it, as 
he is a Treasury Commissioner. [Jbid. No. 206.] 


M. Johnson to Williamson. I send the proclamation for appre- 
hending robbers, &c., which the Lord Keeper ordered to be engrossed. 
on parchment for his Majesty’s signature. [Jbid. No. 207.] 


Duke of Albemarle to Sir Stephen Fox. His Majesty desired 
that Dan. Collingwood, Deputy Governor of Holy Island, should be 
allowed a soldier’s pay out of each of the 7 companies of the garrison 
of Berwick, for the better support of that charge; but the captains 
of the several companies do not give the pay to Collingwood; I 
request that you will stop it and pay it over to him. [Copy. Ibid. 
No. 208.] 


Sir Wm. Morton, Justice of King’s Bench, to Williamson. I send 
a paper received from Martin, whose examination I showed you 
yesterday ; you will judge by the hand whether he is the person 
you thought; I beg its return, having some further use to make of 
it. Has Lord Arlington seen the certificate I left on my own busi- 
ness, and what was his sense of it? [Ibid. No. 209.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. Arrival and departure of vessels; 
some report that the Jeoffords of Hull has been cast away in Brewer’s 
Haven, and only 3 men of the company saved. [Zbid. No, 210.] 


Navy Commissioners to the Treasury Commissioners. We are 
informed by the Navy Treasurers that the sole fund upon which we 
are to be supported for the expense of the ensuing year, and for de- 
fraying the remainder of the last year’s charge, is an assignment 
upon the Customs for 200,0007. This sum provides neither for the 
great charge necessary for putting the Navy into that repair which, 
—through the ill state of the stores, want of money, and the clamorous 
condition of the workmen in the yards,—they have required ever 
since the close of the late war; nor for the payment of any pre- 
ceding year’s debts; so that if the 200,000/. is strictly reserved for 
the current service, the discharging debts for past services, and fit- 
ting the Navy for service to come, will be wholly unprovided for. 

The credit of the Navy, from failure of payment, and disappoint- 
ment in receipt of money actually assigned, has come to that pass 


120 


1668. 


Dec. 29. 


Dec. 29. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS, 


that we can get no further trust; so that if any part of this sum 
shall be called away for other uses, there will be a total stop to the 
present service. 


Having observed the reproach our office has suffered, by submit- 
ting to see the stores, through want of money, supplied at dearer 
rates, and the advantage arising from of late being able to buy with 
ready money, we have resolved no more to carry on the service at any 
other than the market prices, without having first laid the case 
before his Royal Highness or you. We have been directed by the 
Lord Admiral to revive the method of governing ourselves by esti- 
mates on each particular service ; the want of orderly supplies of 
money has occasioned the disuse of these,and the introduction of many 
irregularities, and an utter incapacity to distinguish the charge of any 
particular work. We desire either a further supply of money, or 
advice how to dispose of the 200,0007., under its insufficiency to 
answer all. 


We renew our request for a warrant that the money arising from 
the sale of lops, tops, and bark of trees, felled in his Majesty’s 
forests for the use of the Navy, may be employed towards defraying 
the charge of felling, converting, and transporting the timber sent to 
the King’s yards, as they are disposed of by the under-officers of 
the woods, to uses less advantageous to his Majesty than if employed 
for the Navy. Endorsed with a note that the lops and tops of trees 
felled for the Navy shall be used by the Commissioners, they giving 
an account thereof, and in particular what they made of those 
felled in Whittlewood Forest, and that his Majesty be acquainted 
with the contents of their letter; with addition, 8 Jan. 1669, 
that Sir J. Duncombe reported from his Majesty that the business 
was to be moved in Council; and further note that this was done 


13 Jan. 1669. [24 pages. 6 signatures. SP. Dom., Car. II. 250, 
No, 211.] 


Caveat in favour of Sir Wm. Coney, that nothing pass of the 
estate of John Fien, forfeited for killing a man. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 32, p. 3.] 


“ The preparations and method necessary for the right keeping of 
distinct accounts for receipts and issues of the naval stores in the 
magazines of his Majesty’s respective yards, and thereby giving 
each person entrusted with the said stores his due charge and dis- 
charge.” First, what is necessary to be done in the Comptroller’s 
Office: A distinct ledger to be kept of the bills sent up from the 
respective yards; with note of the letters of the instrument, which 
are to be entered into his book. A book to be kept of goods re- 
turned by boatswains and carpenters, and of the sale of old provi- 
sions. Stores supplied to be entered into the ledger for the yard, 
classified books being kept for each yard. An account to be 
taken of timber and plank from his Majesty’s forests sent in by 
purveyors, to be sent up by the respective clerks of the cheque and 
storekeepers to the Comptroller’s Office. Quarterly accounts to be 
kept and preserted to the Board at the year’s end. 


1668. 


Dee. 29. 


Dee. 29. 
Victualling 
Office. 


Dee. 30. 
Victualling 
Office. 


Dee. 30. 
Whitehall. 


Dee. 


Dec. 30. 


Dee. 30. 


Dee. 30. 


[Dec. 30.] 
Dec. 30. 


Dec. 30. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


CHARLES II. 121 


_ What is to be performed by the instruments employed in each of 
his Majesty’s yards, giving in detail the duties to be performed 
respectively by the storekeeper, and clerk of the cheque. With 
note that at the new survey, the storekeeper is to make oath of his 
faithfulness in the producing to the surveyor whatever he stands 
charged with. Endorsed “Sir John Mennes’ proposals touching 


the balancing of storekeepers’ accounts.” [94 pages. S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 250, No. 212.] 


M. Wren to the Navy Commissioners. The York Merchant 
bound for Barbadoes, ran on board the Roebuck, and broke away her 
bowsprit, but has left an anchor and cable behind, which the captain 
intends to get up and detain. Asks direction concerning them, for 
making good to the King the damage sustained by the Roebuck. 


With note that Capt. Liddell took up the anchor and cable. [Jbid. 
No. 213.] 


Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. Knows not how 
to proceed in providing victuals for 5,000 men for 6 months, with- 
out the distribution to the respective ports, and the estimate of the 
value. [Ibid. No. 214.] 


Same to the Same. Explains why he should not allow for 10 tuns 
of beer lost by leakage in the Castle merchant; the leakage was 
through no fault of his, but owing to the beer being kept longer 
than was intended, and other casks put upon it. [S.P. Dom., Car. LI. 
251, No. 1.] 


Warrant to the Duke of York to order the Navy Commissioners 
to pay 100/. to Lawrence Heemskirk without account, for services 
performed. [Ibid. No. 2.] 


Entry of the above, dated Dec. 31. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 26, 
p. 43.] 


Commission for James Gardiner, M.A., to be chaplain to the 
King’s Guard of horse under the Duke of Monmouth. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 20, p. 188.] 


Grant of denization to Jacob Smith, native of Dantzic, in 
Prussia. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 96.] 


Warrant to Sir John Lenthall, with assistance of John Bradley 
and Rich. Carter, messengers in ordinary, to make diligent search 
in rooms pointed out by them in the King’s Bench prison, for all 


seditious papers and pamphlets, and convey them to the Secretary 
of State. [Lbid. f. 97.] 


Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 251, No. 3.] 


Presentation of Ralph Davenant to the sinecure rectory of Step- 
ney, co. Middlesex, void by simony. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 19, p. 91.] 


Order in Council referring to the Farmers of Customs the petition 
of Ant, Baron, and other owners of the ship Blackamoor—condemned 
by the Scottish Admiralty as a prize and bought by them—com- 


122 


1668. 


Dec. 30. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


Dec. 30. 


Dec. 30. 
Lyme. 


Dee. 30. 


Portsmouth. 


Dee. 30. 
Deal. 


Dec. 30. 


Bristol. 


Dec. 31. 
Milford. 


Dee. 31. 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


plaining that on her third voyage, she is stayed by the farmers of 
Customs, unless they pay duty on the goods as for an unfree ship. 
With their report, dated 4 Jan., that the said ship can only be con- 
sidered as a free-built Scottish ship, wholly owned by the English, 
not as an English ship, and therefore may trade between the English 
coasts, but cannot import foreign goods into England. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 251, No. 4.) 

Order in Council requesting the officers of Customs to give their 
reasons in writing for not entering as free ships 10 prize ships 
named, about which the owners have petitioned—they pleading that 
the ships were all adjudged prize in the Admiralty courts—that 
the grant of freedom of trade to aliens’ ships was not discontinued 
till April last. Meanwhile, as the ships did not export nor import 
before 1 August last, no oath was tendered them by the Customs’ 
officers, who now hesitate about entering them on paying duties as 
English free ships. [See 1669, Jan. 4. Ibid. No. 5.] 


Warrant to Sir John Curzon, Receiver of the Duchy of Lancaster 
to pay to John Ashburnham, groom of the bedchamber, 3,000/. for 
the King’s present occasions. Receipted 2 Jan. 1669. [Ibid.. 
No. 5A.] 

Ant. Thorold to Hickes. A vessel has come in from Bordeaux, 
which left in company with 20 sail of English, bound for London 
and Bristol. She stopped at Brest, where they are building 3 ships 
of 50 or 60 guns each. Several vessels have sailed for France, 
Ostend, and other places. [Jbid. No. 6.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to Williamson. I send a list of [French] ships, 
but the new ones are omitted, not being yet Jaunched. I will send 
all the letters I receive from my friend, and also a copy of the 
draft, as soon as made. Pray forward a letter enclosed, to satisfy 
my friend’s wife. I enclose a letter in character (cypher) to my 
friend, to be exact in all the drafts of the ports. [bid. No. 7.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. They are much troubled at Dover 
by so many French daily coming. The usual court has been held 
at St. James’ Church for the examination and admission of pilots, 
when special notice was given that if any dared to go out of sight 
when any of his Majesty’s ships had to be carried up, they would be 
immediately dismissed. [Jbid. No. 8.] 


James Baskerville to Williamson. The fleet outward bound still 
lies in the Road. Christmas was kept after the late, but here usual 
custom. [Zbid. No. 9.] 


John Powell to Hickes. The Star of Topsham has arrived from 
Faroe, with oils and figs for London. [Zbid. No. 10.] 


Warrant to Sir Edw. Walker, Garter King-at-Arms, to allow to 
Henry Howard, next brother of Thomas, Earl of Arundel, restored 
to the dignity of Duke of Norfolk, the title of lord, and the same 
precedency as though his father, Henry, late Earl of Arundel, had 
been restored to the dukedom. Also to grant him all such ensigns 
and badges of honour as are fit for the second son of a duke, 
[12 pages. Ibid. No. 11.] í 


1668. 
Dec. 31. 


Dee. 31. 
Navy Office, 
London. 


Dec. 31. 
The Downs. 


Dec. 31. 
The Roebuck, 
Downs. 


Dec. 31. 
Gosport. 


Dee. 31. 


Dec. ? 


CHARLES II. 123 


Warrant to pay to Sir Sol. Swale 2,000]. on security. of 
several lands in Yorkshire, he repaying the said sum by 100.. 
a year. [Docquet, Vol, 23, No. 304.] 


Warrant by Surveyor Thos. Middleton to the officers of the 
yard at Chatham, not to deliver canvas for tarpaulins to carpen- 
ters, except on the master shipwright or his assistant’s certiticate ; 
they are to give warrant to the storekeeper, and he is to deliver it 
to the master sailmaker or his foreman, who are to make the same 
into tarpaulins, according to such directions as they shall receive ; 
and when made, to deliver them to the boatswains of the ships at 
their going to sea, and to charge them by indent for them. En- 
dorsed, “the Ist warrant about tarpaulins.” [Copy. S.P. Dom., 
Car. 11, 251, No. 12.] 


Capt. George Liddell, of the Roebuck, to Thos. Hayter. I desire 
you to order Wm. Griffin, the housekeeper at the Navy Office, to 
send me the tickets left by you in his care, and I will pay the 
charges. [Jbid. No. 13.] 


Same tothe Navy Commissioners. The ship lost on the Goodwin 
9 days since came from Hamburg, had 24 guns mounted, and was 
laden with iron, copper, &c.; the Ramsgate and Deal boats have 
been there, but knows not what they got. One of the Holland East 
Indiamen left an anchor and cable behind, which has been weighed 
by Wm. Trebet, of Deal. The Roebuck is ready to sail, and only 
requires a small supply of rigging. [Jbid. No. 14.] 


John Pitt, purser of the St. George, to Thos. Hayter. When the 
St. George was ordered for sea, Capt. Hubbard sent for me to 
London; after many delays I went down to Portsmouth to attend 
on the Fairfax, not being entered on the St George, but was dis- 
charged from the Fairfax by reason of absence. Remind Pepys of 
his promise to procure an order from the Board for my allowance, 
having been pricked out of victuals and wages, and at great charge 
while waiting in London for the St. Georges going out. [Jbid. 
No. 15.] 


R. Waith to the Navy Commissioners. I have presented my 
book of imprests, and find that since the conclusion of Sir George 
Carteret’s account, Sir Wm. Warren is chargeable with only one 
imprest of 600/. on the Earl of Anglesey’s account, to enable him 
to pay the men of the Great Duke of York. The imprests he 
received from Sir George Carteret are all to clear, and are entered 
in his account ending 30 June 1667. I cannot tell what other im- 
prests he has received by assignments on the Exchequer, wherein 
neither Treasurer has been concerned. I cannot ascertain when Sir 
G. Carteret’s last account will be ready. [Jbid. No. 16.] 


Petition of Capt. James Giear, of Weymouth, co. Dorset, to Lord 
Arlington, to consider whether matters contained in papers enclosed 
are suitable for a petition to the King. Lodged his Majesty at his 
house when in those parts 3 years ago, and certifying that he had 
lost 27,0001. by his loyalty, was affectionately commanded to attend 


124 


1668. 


Dee. ? 


Dee. ? 


Dec. 


Dec. ? 


Dec. ? 


Dec. ? 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


at Whitehall for some recompense ; has attended the Court at great 
expense ever since, but nothing has been found proper for him. 
[S.P. Dom, Car. II. 251, No. 17.] 


Petition of James Giear, of Weymouth, co. Dorset, to the King 
and Council, for some present support to prevent his utter ruin ; 
has waited 3 years at his Majesty’s commands, for reparation for his 
losses of 27,000.. [Zbid. No. 18.] 


Petition of Sir George Reeve, Gentleman of the Privy Chamber, to 
the King, for consideration of bis case. Sir Hen. Reeve, to whom he 
is executor, served the last 2 Kings 40 years, and died of a wound at 
Edgehill. Hada warrant 5 years since for payment of 5002., due to 


his father by the late King, but has received no benefit from it. 
[Lbid. No. 19.] 


Memoranda from the Signet Books of warrants, &c., passed 
during the month, the uncalendared portions of which are as 
follows :— 

Grant to Wm. Bowles, of the Keepership of the Wardrobe at 
Greenwich during pleasure; fee, 8s. 4d. a day, with 4d. a day 
to a servant for airing the stuff, and 3l. yearly for fuel. 

Note that Sir Wm. Godolphin, Envoy to Spain, has 5007. for 
equipage, 5l. a day paid 3 months in advance, and extras for 
postage, &c., as allowed by a Secretary of State. 

Note that the Secretaries of State have their patents during 
pleasure, but 100/. a year for life; also 4627. 10s. quarterly 
during office, from the customs on unwrought wood. 

Grant to John Brattle of the office of Assay Master of the Mint 
in the Tower. 

Note that Ralph Montague, Master of the Horse to the Queen 
Mother, going Ambassador to France, had 1,500/. equipage, and 
1001. a week maintenance, paid 3 months in advance, and in- 


telligence money and extras allowed. [S.P. Dom. Car. II. 248, 
No. 186.] 


List of 26 queries sent to Holland by Capt. Deane, of Portsmouth, 
as to how they build their ships of war in France ; what ballast they 
put in; what boats and pinnaces they provide; how they press their 
mariners ; what cables are used, and the yearly charge of mooring 


every ship; with the answer to each query. [42 pages. Copy. 
S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 251, No. 20.] 


M. Joli to [Williamson]. I send news of friends, to be seen by 
no one but yourself and Lord [Arlington]. All the infantry com- 
panies in France which were at 100 men are being reduced to 
80 ; this will dismiss 12,000 men. [French. Ibid. No. 21.] 


Notice that the Commissioners chosen by the loyal officers of 
London and Westminster, to manage the plate lottery granted to 
them by the King for 6 years for their relief, wish to farm out the 
said lottery for the several counties, and are open to receive offers 
for the same, which are to be made through Thos. Marsh, Clerk- 


Assistant in Parliament, Great Almonry, near Westminster Abbey. 
[Zbid. No, 22.] 


1668. 
Dec. ? 


Dee. ? 


Dee. 


Dec. 
Deal. 


CHARLES II. 125 


Estimate of the expense of repairing 20 ships named, that have 
come into port since the general survey in September last, amount- 
ing to 9,1471. 10s. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 251, No. 23.] 


Reasons why the farmers of hearth money cannot accept of less 
than 27,0007. per annum for defaleations, or 20,0007. and four per 
cent. gratuity for the moneys advanced for the fire of London ; their 
damages really amount to 50,000/., but they are willing to accept 
the 20,000/., or to surrender their farm, remitting the 20,0007. for the 
last 4 years, and to become accountants from the beginning. En- 
dorsed, “Sir Rob. Vyner, defalcations upon the farm of hearth 
money.” [Jbid. No. 24.] 


Certificate by ———— Avery [keeper of Newgate] that at the gaol 
delivery at Old Bailey, 9 Dec. 1668, John Ludlow was convicted of 
stealing 14s. from Simon Sands, and sentenced to be transported, 
and meanwhile to be kept in custody without bail. [Latin. Ibid. 
No. 244.] 


Lists sent by Mor. Lodge, of Deal, to Williamson, of ships in the 
Downs, the state of the wind, arrival and departure of mails, &c., 
during the month, as follows :— 


| Matt. 
Voran Date. | King’s. ae ONA Wind. REMARKS. 
° | CG 5. Arrival. |Departure- 


2a Decr] 1 14 None. 5 pm. | S.W. | Two Hamburghers and a 

Flemish and Spanish 

man-of-war, with 40 out- 

landish vessels, are driven 

in by the weather. 

26 Ay RE) 1 4 None. 4 p.m. N.E. | The merchant vessels are 
: gone, with a fair wind. 


Dry ed ae 1 1 None. 5 p.m. N.E. 

28 cp 1 3 None. | 4 p.m. N.E. 

29 RG 0 10 None. 5 p.m. N.E. | Two outward-bound ships 
went through without 
stopping. 

30 Ha 1 12 None. | 6p.m. | N.W. | The wind blowing hard, 
8 small pinks cannot be 

kal spoken with. 

31 AS $) 1 16 None. | 4p.m. | S.W. | Three Dutch East India 


ships, of 1,000 tons each, 
axe put in by the winds. 

32 ale} 2 11 None. | 6p.m. | S.W. | Several ships have passed 
through without being 


spoken. 

33 oe 2 18 None. 5 p.m. W. 

34 » 15 2 20 None. | 5 p.m. | S.W. 

35 PAIS 1 18 None. | 5pm. | S.S.E. 

36 py i) 1 19 None. 5 p.m. S. 

37 R20 1 20 None. 5 p.m. | SSE. 

38 a il 1 21 None. | 5 p.m. |W. by N. 

39 me 22 1 22 None. 5 p.m. |W. by N. 

40 » 23 1 20 None. 5 p.m. N.W. 

41 A EE 1 25 None. 5 p.m. N.W. 

42 HS 1 3 None. 5 p.m. E. 

43 By OAN 1 1 None. 5 p.m, S. 

44 » 28 1 2 None. | 5 p.m. N.W. j 

45 ay VA) 2 2 None. 5 p.m. N.W. | Two or three more ships 
are in, not yet boarded. 

46 SO 2 5 None. | 5 p.m N.W. 

47 PAA 2 8 None. 5pm. |W.N.W 


} 
| 
| 
4 


126 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1668. 
Tenders of goods, addressed to the Navy Commissioners by 
merchants and manufacturers, as follows :— 


Vor 251.1 Date; Name. | Article. Terms. 
No. 
48 |Jan. 23 | Thos. Cox - - | Timber - - | 43s. to 55s. per load. 
49 . |Feb. 6 | Edward Smith - - 3 - - | Various prices. 
50 » 6 | Edmond Rayner - | Masts - - 
51 » 29 | Edward Hills - - | Ash - - - | 35s. per load. 
ee a BP, Nees mel Timber - - | 35s. and 36s. per load. 
53 |April 8 | Jonas Shish - - i - - | £3 5s. to £4 8s. per load. 
54 |May 23 | Sir Wm. Warren - | Deals - - 
55 |June 2 | Comr. John Taylor - | Timber - - | £3 6s. to £4 per load. 
56 » 28 | John Moorcock - 3 - £2 16s. to £3 per load. 

5 ee! a a » Boats - | £35s.aload. 14s. a foot. 

57 |July 9 | Thos. Thompson - | Oars,handspikes | Various prices. 
58 », 25 | Thos. Bayly - - | Timber - - 
59 » 9380 | Sir Wm. Warren - js - - 
60 » 380 | John Downing - | Anchors - - 
61 |Aug. 4 | George Body - - | Deals - - | Various prices. 
62 » 4 | Peter Rich - - | Timber - - i 
63 » 29| Wm. Harrington - | Wainscots - | 24s. and 25s. a piece. 
64 |Nov. 10 | Gabriel Stacey - | Balks - - | 18s. and 36s. per dozen. 
65 |Dec, 1 | Henry Blackborow - | Timber - - | £2 10s. per load. 


Drafts or minutes of contracts, &c., with the Navy Commissioners 
for purchase of goods. 


Vol 251. | Date. | Name. Article. 
No. 
66, 67 May 6 John Moorcock - - | Timber. 
68 23: Sir Wm. Warren - - Deals. 
69 July 7 Gabriel Stacey - - > 
70,71 Oct. 3 John Mason - - - | Timber. 
72 se lef [John] Clarke - - a 
73 Nov. 6 John Mayle and Wm. Hannant S 
74 s 12 Sir Roger Twisden - - z : a 


General bill of mortality for London and Westminster, from 17 Dec. 
1667 to 22 Dec. 1668. Christenings, 11,638 ; burials, 17,278; deaths 
by plague, 14. Increase in yearly burials, 1,486; decrease in deaths 
by plague, 21. [Printed. K.P. Dom., Car. IT. 251, No. 75.] 


Weekly bills of mortality, as follows. FP rinted] 


ag Gs] : 4 : ; 

Pe) D S Lg oo oo Qa on 

yet oe London and Westminster. | § E 3 Sp S p S fe ss Sa 
Gi Gate Inclusive Dates. 2 5 | AR ba | SR 58 58 
No. | 38 AAR S a se ee eee 
ZA © © © © © © 

7617 12 i Juy 21m a ya eaae a ce ace ee ee 37 
77 12 | July 28 — Aug. 4] 215 | 365| — — — — 2 
78| 12 | Aug. 4 — Aug.11 | 233 | 328 1 1 — — 37 
79 1g Sept. 8 — Sept.15 | 237 | 333 | — — — 16 — 
80 115 | Sept. 15 — Sept. 22 | 243 | 362 — — — 29 = 
81 115 | Oct. 13 — Oct. 20 | 267 | 342 — — = — 70 
82 | 115] Nov..8 — Nov. 10 | 240! 313 | — — — — 30 
83 11 Dec. 1 — Dee. 8 | 233 | 317 J ] — — 13 
84| 11 | Dec. 8 — Deo, 15 | 231 | 834] — — 1 17 = 
85 11 Dec. 15 — Dec. 22 | 222 | 273 — — — — 61 
86 | 10 | Dec. 22 — Dee. 29 | 217 | 287 | — — — 14 — 


E EE id Sables AE a O 
Five weekly reports made by the Parish Clerks Company, from 


lees ie preceding tables are compiled. [S.P. Dom., Car, II. 251, 
0. 87. 


1668. 


CHARLES II. 127 


UNDATED Petitions. All addressed to the King, unless 
otherwise stated. 


John Archer, Wm. Jevers, and Nath. Jones, servants to the Queen 
Mother, for the reversion of an estate worth 400/. a year, dis- 
covered by them, which, on the decease of an aged man, will revert 
to the Crown for want of male issue. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 251, 
No. 88.] 


Jonathan Atkins, Governor, and Wm. Sheldon, deputy-governor 
of Guernsey, to the Prize Commissioners, for a grant of a small 


privateer of St. Malo, of 5 guns, lately taken by the Paradoz, 


and now at Cowes or Portsmouth. She would be of very great 
use to them, and they would set her out to sea and man her from 
the island. [Jbid. No. 89.] 


A. Behn, for an order to Mr. May or Mr. Chiffinch for payment of 


the money due to Mr. Butler, she being threatened with an execu- 


tion. [Ibid. No. 90.] 


Aphara [or Fyhare] Behn, to order 1507. to be paid to Edw. 
Butler, who threatens to use all severity with her if it is not paid 
within a week. Mr. Halsall and Mr. Killigrew know how justly 
itis due. [Ibid. No. 91.] Annexing, 


A. Behn to [Thos.] Killigrew. I must go to prison to-morrow 
if I have not the money to-night; they say I am dallied 
with, and will not allow a few days more. I would break 
through all, get to the King, and never rise till he had paid 
the money, but am too sick and weak. I will send my mother 
to the King with a petition, and not perish in a prison, 
whence he [Butler] swears I shall not stir till I have paid 
the uttermost farthing. If I have not the money to-night 
you must send me something to keep me in prison, for 
I will not starve. [Lbid. No. 911.] 


Fyhare [or Aphara] Behn, not to let her suffer for what was done 
for his Majesty, but to order the payment of 150/. to Edw. Butler, 
who, on Lord Arlington’s declaring that he had neither money nor 
orders about it, threw her into prison. [Jbid. No. 92.] 


John Blanchard, for preservation of his life, and transportation, 
being seduced to share in a highway robbery ; was seized by virtue 
of the late proclamation [23 Dec. 1668], and imprisoned in New- 
gate, [Ibid. No. 93.] 


Mary Boynton, showing that in 1662 she spent most of her 
remaining fortune—much of which was lost by her brother, Col. Mat. 
Boynton, in his Majesty’s service—in purchase of Bevill Skelton’s 
pension of 1201. as page of honour; but that, after receiving half a 
year’s profits, the pensions were stayed; begs that hers may still 
be paid, or her purchase money returned. [Jbid. No. 94.] An- 
NeCHING, 

Certificate by Bevill Skelton, of his sale of the aforesaid pen- 
sion to Mary Boynton.—7 June 1668. [Lbid. No. 941.] 


128 


1668. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Mayor, Common Council, &., of Canterbury, on behalf of the 
inhabitants, to the House of Commons. Complain that by import 
of foreign worsted stuffs, and export of English wool, their trade— 
which is the combing of the rough wool grown in Romney Marsh, 
and other parts of Kent—is ruined. Request an Act for trans- 
porting bales of the combed wool of Kent by licence, on payment 
of 20s. per cwt., and appointment of persons to superintend the same ; 
also for preventing the export of other wool, and import of foreign 
stuffs. With reasons showing the necessity of some such Act for the 
welfare of the county. [2 sheets. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 251, No. 95.] 


Nat. Cocks, for the reversion of the place of Keeper of the 
Council Chamber, after his father, George Cocks, his grandfather 
having filled the place under the two last Kings. With note by 
Lord Arlington that the petition is granted. [Jbid. No. 96.] 


Manuel de Fonseca, factor for the Florentine and Spanish mer- 
chants interested in the ship Harl of Flanders. In Aug. 1666 the 
ship was seized by order of Prince Rupert, and the lading of wine 
disposed of to the use of the King’s fleet, and it has not yet been 
paid for. In order to prevent the issuing of letters of reprisal, on 
10 May 1667, Council ordered payment of 1,410/. for the wines, 
but after a year, the money not being paid, we begged that it 
might be paid from the 5,000/. a month reserved from the Cus- 
toms, and you approved the petition, We beg payment of the 
money from the said Customs. [/bid. No. 97.] 


Dan. Fabureau de la Fabvolliére “ Ingenieur,” to be put into a 
better capacity for serving, and have an order for payment of 3501. 
due to him, with constant payment of his allowance. His great 
extremities, these 5 years, for want of salary, compel him to be 
importunate. With notes of his transactions from 1664. [Ibid. 
No. 98.] 


R. D. [Col]. Rob. Duckinfield], for leave to go beyond seas with Lord 
———. Was sent prisoner to the Tower, on suspicion of offences 
against his Majesty, and has been in custody there and in the Isle 
of Wight 3 years, although much diseased ; hopes for clemency, in 
spite of the flying calumnies wherewith he has been aspersed. 
[Col. Rob. Duckinfield was sent to the Tower in August 1665 ; see 
Calendar, p. 534. Ibid. No. 99.] 


Lieut.-Col. Thos. Duncan, for a special warrant for his arrears of 
pay as a reformed Lieut.-Colonel, his pay in Hull being but 8d. a 
day. Was in arms for the late King, raised 72 horse at his own 
charge, and lost 8,000}. Delivered to Col. Ant. Gilby, deputy- 
governor of Hull, his Majesty’s letter of May 19, 1665, ordering 
him to be mustered as a reformado lieut-colonel of horse, but only 
received 167., and left the garrison 3 years since for Scotland; is 
74 years old, in great trouble and misery, and begs the reformado’s 
place of Capt. Gradey, lately dead. [Zbid. No. 100.] Annexing, 


Reference to the Duke of Albemarle, of the petitioner’s request 
for a reformado’s place in Hull, 3 Sept., 1664, and his 


1668. 


79380, 


CHARLES II. 129 


report, 17 Sept., that his Majesty should order Lord Belasyse, 
Governor of Hull, to admit him to a company there, duty 
free. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 251, No. 1001.] 


Puss by the Lord General for Col. Thos. Duncan to go into 
Scotland to his wife and children, and retwrn.—27 June 
1665, Cockpit. [Ibid. No. 10011.] 


Note of a letter, duted 19 May 1665, recommending Lieut.- 
Col. Thos. Duncan to Hull.. (Ibid. No. 100111.] 


Thos. Elliot, Groom of the Bedchamber, for a grant of lands in- 
Ireland, value 8007. a year, hitherto concealed.. [Zbid. No. 101.] - 


John Hall, his Majesty’s servant, for payment to him of 1,420). 
due to Capt. Peter Forterne, for coin delivered for the army in 
Ireland, the debt being transferred to him as part of 2,000/. owed 
to him by the captain. Details his sundry petitions, and refer- 
ences thereon. [Jbid. No. 102.] Annezes, 


Form of a warrant to Sir John Curzon, Receiver-General of the 
Duchy of Lancaster, to puy to John Hall, particular receiver 
of the Duchy for cos. Gloucester, Monmouth, and Hereford, 
1,4201., debt due to Capt. Peter Forterne, and assigned to him, 
1668. [Zbid. No. 1021.] 


Thos. Hudson, gunner of Upnor Castle, for the place of gunner 
also of the Queen’s and James’ forts on the Medway ; did good 
service in the attempt of the Dutch there. [Zbid. No. 103.] 


Sir Wm. Killigrew. Brought the pin business into his Majesty’s 
hands, reserving Boteler’s interest and his own 5001. a year; and if 
20,0007. from the Queen’s portion, or the Dunkirk money, had 
been expended on it as proposed, it would have yielded 10,0001. a 
year ; for want of this, other contractors have undertaken it who, 
to yield his Majesty 5,0007. clear profit, have required petitioner to 
surrender his pension, which he has done; requests its restoration, 
and a pension from the Exchequer of 5007. more. [See 1664, Sept. 6. 
Ibid. No. 104.] 


Peter Massonnet to Lord Arlington. Is the saddest object of 
pity of all the King’s servants. Has attended 32 years as 
French sub-tutor and writing master, served him in adversity as 
Clerk of the patents and Foreign Secretary, but at the Restoration, 
had only his sub-tutor’s salary continued, now 8337. in arrear, so 
that he is ready to perish; will resign his patent for the arrears 
and some recompense. [Zbid. No. 104a.] 


Same to the Same, to represent his sad condition to the King, 
to procure him half his arrears or a year’s salary ; his wife has now 
only 201. a year, and 5s. a day as the King’s laundress, all extras 
having been taken away. Is in daily danger of outlawry. [Jbid. 
No. 1048.] 


Dowager Countess of Lincoln. On her marriage with Theophilus, 
late Earl of Lincoln, he settled on her the manors of Threckingham 
I 


130 


1668. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


and Stow, Lincolnshire, which were incumbered with an annuity to 
him of 601. He afterwards settled other lands on Sir John Moun- 
son, K.B., and Rob. Hall as her trustees, to dispose of for her use, 
paying him 101. weekly for life, leaving her also his goods in Lon- 
don, &e. On his death, his executors refusing to act, she was 
induced to allow Edward, present Earl, to take out letters of ad- 
ministration, on promise to make good all that belonged to her; 


' but now he keeps most of her goods, refuses to free her jointure 


from incumbrance, &c. ; begs assistance therein. [S.P. Dom., Car. LI. 
251, No. 105.) 


Morpain, to be put in the lottery for indigent officers ; came 
over from Holland with the Queen Mother, and served 11 or 12 years 
without pay; served his Majesty when leaving Paris after the 
accommodation with the Duke of Lorraine, by disengaging 3 little 
boats laden with his baggage, which were arrested. Is deprived of 
his place in the Guards, held 6 or 7 years, for being a Catholic, and 
no compensation allowed. [French. See Calendar, 1667-68, p. 53. 
Ibid. No. 106.] 


The gentlemen excluded from the troops of Life Guards of Horse 
in 1667, and some reformed officers. Beg him to find them bread ; 
spent their youth and blood, and underwent all hardships short 
of death, for his Majesty and his father, and now a fate worse than 
death awaits them, being made incapable of employment. ([Jbid. 
No. 107.] 


Eleven underwritten officers, for relief to bear their charges to 
foreign service, being told there is no-hope for them here ; served 
with satisfaction in Portugal, though not made equal to others who 
were not Catholics; petitioned on their return for subsistence, but 
have waited many days in vain. [Zbid. No. 108.] 


The field officers and captains who lately commanded the English 
horse in Portugal, for admission to the Horse or Foot Guard of 
several of the foot soldiers, who have no other means to obtain a 
livelihood. [Jbid. No. 109.] 


The officers of the Marquis of Schomberg’s regiment of horse in 
Portugal, for orders to ride in his troop of Guards, being recalled 
home, and dismissed from their employments. With two schedules 
of their names, [Ibid. No. 110.] 


Peter Parker and Sam. Symmons to Lord Arlington, for dis- 
charge from restfaint for printing a book entitled “ Christ’s Famous 
Titles” ; bought it from one Calvert, who said it would be licensed ; 


intended to obtain the licence before finishing the book. [Ibid. 
No. 111.] 


Veronica, widow of Col. Rich. Platt, to Lord Arlington, for 
relief to keep a poor stranger from perishing; is the distressed 
widow recommended by Lord Aubigny, without whose charity she 
must have perished in prison; her husband spent his whole estate 
in service of the late King. [Zbid. No. 112.] 


1668. 


CHARLES ITI. 131 


Same to the Earl of Bristol, to obtain a letter from the King, 
recommending to the Governor of Flanders her son, dismissed from 
the Guards for religion, sent into Flanders, but disbanded a year 
after, he not having the allowance of 2s. a day, as other disbanded 
Catholics. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 251, No. 113.] 


William, Lord Sandys. Queen Elizabeth granted Burleigh Walk, 
in the New Forest, to William, late Earl of Pembroke, for a term 
nearly ended, and the present Earl has granted his interest therein 
to Hen. Neville, who made it over to Rob. Reade. His Majesty 
granted him the reversion of the Walk, and he begs a warrant for 
it, the Earl of Pembroke having no right in the same. [Jbid. 
No. 114] <Anneaing, 


Note of request of the Earl of Pembroke for a renewal of his 
lease, now nearly expiring, of Burleigh Walk, as it has been 
held by his family 100 years. [Lbid. No. 1141.] 


Thos. Skynner, merchant, for justice or recommendation of his 
case to Parliament. The House of Lords ordered him relief for 
damages amounting to 18,4631. 2s. 10d., sustained from the East 
India Company, by seizure of pepper and other goods on his island, 
Barella, but the order was obliterated from the journals, as a means 
of general reconcilement, and Lord Ashley has failed to fulfil his 
promise of relieving him. [See Calendar 1667-8, p. 382. Ibid. 
No. 115.] 


Dame Mary Staresmore, now wife of Capt. Wm. Sheldon, Lieut.- 
Governor of Guernsey. The grant to her of 2001. a year from the 
Exchequer is 5 years in arrear; her husband has received nothing 
for his 4 years’ service as Lieut.-Governor; begs a warrant to Sir 
Rob. Long, auditor of the Exchequer, to pay her arrears. [Jbid. 
No. 116.] 


Sir Thos. Strickland, farmer of the duties on foreign salt, for 
reduction of his rent for the first year, and further settlement there- 
of. The Lords of the Treasury were ordered to examine the 
accounts, and found, after charges, only a balance of 485l. 8s. 33d. 
due to him, although from the plague and war, more Spanish and 
French salt was imported than usual ; therefore he would have been 
774l. 11s. 84d. deficient of the rent for that year, had he not been 
made an accountant by favour. [Jbid. No. 117.] 


Henry Thomas, for the arrears of his pension of 40/., unpaid since 
Michaelmas 1666, or a subsistence from the privy purse; he and 
his family must have starved, but for the charity of a gardener, 
who trusted them with roots for their support. [Zbid. No. 118.] 


John Thorley of Staffordshire, for a blank warrant for a baronet, 
to retrieve his ruined fortunes; served the late King in the wars, 
and raised horse and foot at his own charge, for his Majesty at 
Worcester, whereby he sold and mortgaged an estate of 7001. a year, 
and is in extreme want. [Zbid. No.119.] Annewing, 


Case of John Thorley, as stated in the above petition, which 
his Majesty ordered him to set down in writing. [Ibid. 
No. 1191.] 

12 


132 


1668. 


Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Tuo certificates by W. Carlos, in his behalf, that he served 
under him at Worcester, and showed great zeal in his 
Majesty’s cause, 11 April and 22 May 1668. [ISB 
Dom., Car. TI. 251, Nos. 11911, 119111] 


John Webb, surveyor assistant for the works at Greenwich. Had 
a grant in 1660 of the reversion after Sir John Denham of the sur- 
veyorship of works, but Sir John opposed its passing the Great Seal. 
Has been employed at Greenwich, about the fortifications at Wool- 
wich, and on the Whitehall theatre, where he made discoveries in the 
scenical art, and has received only a salary of 2001. a year for Green- 
wich, so slowly paid that he has spent 1,000/. of his own estate ; 
cannot now act under Mr. Wren, who is by far his inferior, but if 
joined in the patent with him, will instruct him in the course of the 
office of works, of which he professes ignorance. [Ibid. No. 120.] 


UNDATED PAPERS. 


Licence to Ernest Augustus, Duke of Brunswick and Luneburg 
and Bishop of Osnaburg, and to George William, Duke of Brunswick 
and Luneburgh, to export 16 horses and 20 couple of dogs, duty free. 
[Copy. S.P. Dom., Car. II, 251, No. 121.] 


Warrant for a grant to Benj. Coling, of the office of waiter in the 
port of London, in place of Thos. Phillipps, deceased, salary 2002., 
with fees. [Draft. Ibid. No. 122. See Calendar 1667-8, p. 573.] 


Request that the King would grant to Sir Ant. Desmarces the 
Dutch prize, the Three Kings, laden with timber and brought into 
Leith, in consideration of his journeys beyond sea last year and 
this, wherein his life was in hazard, and he lost 700., being 
plundered by a French privateer, &c. ([Jbid. No. 123.] 


Warrant for a lease to Hen, Howard, on rental of 20 marks, of 
certain tenements and shops in Fetter Lane, Holborn, vested of 
right in the Crown, giving him 2 years for recovery thereof. En- 
dorsed is a draft of the above with considerable variations. [Jbid. 
No. 124.] 


Request for a pass for 4 tuns of wine, marked C.R., now in the 
Thames, come from Rouen for the King. [French. Ibid. No. 125.] 


Warrant that Col. John Lambert [prisoner in Jersey], who had 
some liberty granted him in November 1661, which was after- 
wards abridged, on suit being now made in his behalf, be restored 
to his former privileges. [Draft. Ibid. No. 126.] 


Warrant for a grant to Nath. Ludlow and Edw. Boswell of the 
manors of Husborne-Tarrant, Ibrop and Upton, and sundry cop- 
pices, co. Hants, mortgaged in 1664 to Edm. Ludlow, sen., as 
security for 2,600/. with interest, and forfeited to him; on his death 
they came to Edm. Ludlow, his heir-at-law, and he being attainted 
of treason, they are escheated to the Crown; also of all principal, 
interest, and damages due for the mortgage. [Zbid. No, 127.] 


1668. 


Whitehall. 


CHARLES II. 133 


_ Request for a pass for George Munroe, a Scotch trumpeter, who 
lived 5 years with Lord Carberry, and wants to gain a living by his 
trumpet in France. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 251, No. 128.] 


Warrant for a grant to George Smyth, on surrender of Sam. Trist, 
of the office of one of the 16 serjeants-in-arms ; wage 3s. a day, and 
2s. Gd. a day in lieu of board wages. [Parchment, damaged. Ibid. 
No. 129.] 


The King to the Lord Keeper. The rolls of the Court of Common 
Pleas being grown numerous, injured for want of room, and useless 
for want of calendars, you are to direct that those from the end of 
Rich. II. to the beginning of Edw. VI. be delivered to the trea- 
surer and chamberlains of the Exchequer, by them to be kept, and 
fitted with proper calendars. [Zbid. No. 130.] 


The King to [Sir John Denham ?]. Sir John Robinson having 
represented the unseemliness of the Tower since the removal of 
houses about it, and the narrowness of the moat, orders were given 
for its widening, for fencing the wharf, securing the iron gate, &c., 
which are begun, according to a pattern of Sir Bernard de Gomme. 
You are to make and present to Council an estimate for completion 
of the scheme, and meanwhile to proceed with the work. [Jbid. 
No. 131.] 


The King to the Master, &., of Peterhouse, Cambridge. We 
recommend Rich. Baldwer, B.A., scholar of the college, to a fellow- 
ship of the old foundation, and after his year’s probation, to return 
him perpetual fellow, not preferring “ any nice circumstance or excep- 
tion before the dutiful regard you owe to us, and to the power of our 
prerogative.” Endorsed, “ D. Richmond.” [Copy. Ibid. No. 132.] 


The King to Dr. Mews, President, and the Fellows of St. John’s 
College, Oxford. We request you to grant a dispensation of absence 
to Josiah Smith, fellow there, who resides as chaplain to Sir Wm. 
Drake, of Shardelows, co. Bucks, he and his family being remote 
from the parish church. [Copy. Ibid. No. 133.] 


Lord Arlington to Lord’ Craven. I recommend Walter Brice, 
whose education makes him more suitable for civil than military 
employment. Endorsed [by Williamson] “ My lord’s hand counter- 
feited.” [Zbid. No. 134,] 


Lord Arlington? to M. Huggens. I request you to procure 
the renewal of a passport from the Duke of York, for a vessel of 
Rotterdam, laden with bricks and other materials for the King’s 
house at Plymouth, that already given being of no use, because the 
time elapsed without the vessel’s getting away ; the present pass to 
be not limited in time, but for one voyage only. [Hrench. Draft 
by Williamson, Ibid. No. 135.] 


Lord Arlington ? to Roger L’Estrange. J assure you in the King’s 
name that neither George Larkin, whose wife, by his direction, has 
been useful in the late discovery of seditious pamphlets, nor any 
other journeymen printers for whom he has mediated, shall suffer 


134 


1668. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


for their past composing, printing, or dispersing the said pamphlets, 
provided they answer questions, and own their examinations. 


[Draft. K.P. Dom., Car. TI. 251, No. 136.] 


Anon. to Lord [Arlington.] The farmers of Excise, on complaint 
of a loss of 30,0007. during the plague, obtained a defalcation of 
21,000/., whereby they really gained 12,0007., and to avoid discovery, 
the accounts of those 19 weeks were conveyed away. Since then, 
they demand allowance of 38,0007. more for the contagion, the late 
fire in London, and the hard frosts. These are as false pretences as 
the former, for after abatements, they only pay 9,000/. rent 
monthly, instead of 11,6667. 13s. 4d. Whilst the brewers are far- 
mers of excise, they will be constantly pretending to be losers, 
and yet fill their own pockets; they have menaced officers for 
bringing informations against them, and since the renovation of 
the farm, they abate each other secretly the officers’ charge. The 
brewers at first pretended they would bear any loss on the farm 
themselves, and would rather pay 10,000/. more to have it in quiet. 
Proofs of their fraudulent conduct in pretending losses. Proposal 
that their books should be called for and inspected, that the chief 
farmers should submit to inquiries, and meanwhile that all defal- 
cations should be suspended. [2 sheets. Ibid. No. 137.] 


Fras. Buller to Williamson. I could not meet with you at your 
office, and if anything is to be done, this is the last day; I am at 
Mr. Church’s house, Suffolk Street. [Jbid. No. 138.] 


Jos. Cartoni to [Williamson ?]. I am ordered by Peter Vandeput 
to let you know that Capt. Castel, bringing wine for the King, is at 
Dover, but cannot come into the river for want of mariners. Orders 
must be given accordingly. [Jtalian. Ibid. No. 189.]. 


Arnold Cunningham to the King. I request a favourable answer 
to the Prince of Orange, about continuance of the Scots’ staple port 
at Campvere; an order to the 8 Scottish Commissioners coming to 
settle the same to have special regard to the interest of the Prince 
of Orange in Campvere ; and also attention to my petition about 
my disbursements in 1651, that I may be able to return home with 
success, [See p. 139 infra. Ibid, No. 140.] 


M. Dumas to [M. de la Fabvollitre]. I ask nothing more than what 
you have written to me. I would come with pleasure to serve you. 
Endorsed [by Williamson], “ Dumas, when agent from France, in the 
time of the war; [De] la Fabvolliére, found among his papers when 
seized, 1668.” [Zbid. No. 141.] 


R. Gerald to Mr. Richards. My master wants a sight of the 


Tangiers charter if Mr. Williamson can get him one. [Jbid. 
No. 142.] 


Rob. Gorges to Mrs. B L at Mr. W’s. house, High St., 
Bristol. Love-letter, making her an offer of marriage. [Ibid. 
No. 143.] 


1668. 


Wednesday, 
Pall Mall. 


Wednesday. 


London, 
Saturday. 


CHARLES II. 135 


Sir Dan. Harvey to the King. Report of the repairs necessary in 
the Park under his charge [New Park ?], which is the best park 
that is left, for restoring and preserving the deer, &.; no groom 
or huntsman should be allowed a key, as they steal the fawns, nor 
should the serjeants of the buckhounds have access when his 
Majesty is not there, as they kill the deer, instead of training the 
hounds. [S.P. Dom., Car. LI. 251, No. 144.] 


Sir Sam. Morland to Williamson. J cannot possibly provide the 
papers requested under 4 or 5 days; I have sent a few, and will wait 
on you to speak to you thereon. [Jbid. No. 145.] 


Capt. Jeffrey Peirce to the Navy Commissioners. I desire an 
order to Mr. Whitfield to make out a ticket for the residue of my 
pay due in 1666. [Jbid. No. 146.] 


Sir Thos. Peyton to Williamson. I wish my letters directing to 
my house beyond Canterbury, instead of to Sittingbourne, as Gil- 
pin, who is likely to be postmaster there, is fanatic and immoral, 
and a former creature of Pride and Sir Mich. Livesey. Wm. Webb, 
an old servant of mine, admitted by Lord Arlington a year ago, 
is likely to leave it on the terms required of him. [Jbid. No. 147.] 


Katherine, Lady Ranelagh to Williamson. I hear,something is to 
be done in my petition; I hope that it may be referred to some Lords 
of the Council, my brother Urrery to be one, and that their allega- 
tions in support of it may be heard, and also what Mr. Champanty, 
agent to the last Lord Willoughby, can allege, as to the particulars 
claimed by us. I beg your aid. [Jbid. No. 148.] 


Wm. Ryley, jun., to [Williamson ?]. Detail of the services 
and sufferings of my late father, Wm. Ryley, sen., who served 
in the Records from 1626 till 1667; he was prosecuted for sup- 
plying the late King with records, &c., his study at the Herald’s 
Office sealed up, and an entry made in their books that “Ryley 
told the King that he had records to prove the Parliament traitors.” 
As Herald, he proclaimed his Majesty on 8 May 1660, but his rich 
coat having been plundered in the wars, he obtained an order from 
the Earl of Manchester, Speaker of the Hovse of Lords, to take 
down King James’ rich coat of arms from Henry VIL’s chapel, to 
perform the solemnity, which was returned the next day. 

I was myself admitted clerk in the Record Office in 1647, and was 
wounded, fighting for the King at Worcester; in 1660, I aided my 
father in sorting the Scottish records, when we found the original 
of the “Solemn League and Covenant,” and refused 2,0007. offered 
by the Scots to deliver it up. I have since drawn up records, made 
searches, &c., for Government. I beg help from Lord Arlington, 
and some allowance, as was customary, for transcribing records for 
the King and Parliament, my family being ready to perish. 
[3 pages. Ibid. No. 149, ] 


[Col.] Hen. Staniers to Williamson. The Duke has given me 
leave to go to France, so I want a pass, and then only wait your 
commands. [See Calendar, 1667-8, pp. 173, 253. bid. No. 150.] 


136 


1668. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Rob. Waith to [Pepys]. Desires instructions as to allowing 
251. 17s. paid as board wages by Mr. Laurence to several shipwrights 
sent from Deptford to Sheerness, in June 1666. [S.P. Dom., Car. LI. 
251, No. 151.) 


Note of a request by the Duke of Albemarle, for a piece of ground 
in the Blue Mews, 90 ft. by 55, between Sir Wm. Armorer’s garden 
and the King’s stable, whereon to build a stable, coach-houses, Wc. 
[Ibid. No. 152.] 


Request that John Banks of Branthwaite, parish of Dean, Cum- 
berland, may be excused his chimney money, which is but one 
chimney. Noted [by Williamson] “To be sent to my brother.” 
[Ibid. No. 153.] 

Note of a request to Lord Arlington, that Wm. Beiston of Ja- 
maica, who has wrongfully possessed himself of an estate value 
2,000/., and has a ne exeat regnum executed upon him, may not 
obtain licence for his departure, under sign manual. ([Jbid. No. 154.] 


Note that Mr. Bennet, attorney of Cheshire, is recommended by 
Dr. Tillotson to Lord Shrewsbury, as steward of his estate in 
Cheshire. [Jbid. No. 155.] 


Request by Rob. Benson, that Sir Edm. Jennings will not take 
part with Sir Phil Monckton in the prosecution against him; does 
not think he exceeded his orders. [Jbzd. No. 156.] 


Note by H. Brouncker, that the privy seal for payment of 9,750.. 
for a great pair of diamond pendants, and 1,2007. for a pair of pearl 
pendants, must be payable into the privy purse. [Jbid. No. 157.] 


Statement of the particular services performed by Thos. Bushell 
for the late King, in supplying his army with clothes, arms, and 
lead for bullets, raising 1,000 stout miners for a life-guard, and a 
troop of horse to attend his person, for which he hada 21 years’ 
lease of the customs on lead. 

Details of his services also to his present Majesty, by giving in- 
telligence of a plot in Cromwell’s time to murder him and the Duke 
of York, by bribing the agents, who translated the cabalistic 
characters of their letters, by which the persons were discovered, 
and the hellish design prevented ; continued also to give intelli- 
gence, till his agent was discovered and hanged at his own door. 
Since the Restoration, he advanced the customs 9,0007. beyond the 
contract with the late Lord Treasurer, but though his grant of the 
farm of the export on lead was ordered by Council, he has been 
delayed 6 years from receiving any benefit. [Jbid. No. 158.] 


Case of Monsieur Choqué, surgeon to Prinee Rupert. The Duke, 
by order of 5 May 1668, directed us [the Navy Commissioners ?] to 
pay him at the same rate that the surgeon was paid who attended 
his own person, from 7 Sept. 1664, the time of the fleet’s going forth 
for Guinea, to that of the Prince’s being paid off; but the Prince never 
received wages, only sums under the name of his Majesty’s free gift, 
without mention of any consideration whatever. No one ever 
received any allowance of wages as the Duke’s surgeon, but was paid 


1668. 


CHARLES II. 137 


for medicines and instruments, and Mr. Choqué has had the same, and 
also 20l. a month for his attendance on the Prince between February 
and Dec. 1666, [1; pages. S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 251, No. 159.] 


Bill of 5/. 10s. from Nich. Copley, messenger of the chamber, sent 
1 Nov. 1668 from Lord Arlington to the Duke of Buckingham. 
[Ibid. No. 160.] 


Statement by Sir John Denham, that the lease of his buildings, 
as described, which has 46 years to run, is worth 13 years’ pur- 
chase, and should let at 1,240/. a year; but that he is willing to 
accept the King’s offer of 7,000/., his own life not being worth 
7 years’ purchase, or an annuity of 1,2007., provided the receipt of it 
may be easy. [Jbid. No. 161.] 


Statement of the great delays which, owing to the Dutch war, 
&c., have arisen in presenting the petition of Sir Edw. Ford, on 


_ behalf of the Royal Fishing Company, to coin farthings; the Com- 


missioners [for fishery] agreed with him for 5s. in the pound on 


` 80,000 to be made in the year. Sir Edward urges the completion 


of the matter, as the only apparent mode of supporting the fishing. 
The King has often declared against private persons having 
liberty to coin, and if any should obtain it, the great labours of the 
company would be frustrated. [Jbid. No. 162.] 


Request by John Harrison, commander of the ship Prince, bound 
for Virginia, for a pass and protection, being laden for the voyage, 
and lying at great charges. [/bid. No. 163.] 


Request on behalf of the late Major Thos. Heron, that the share 
which he should have had in the Irish lottery, granted for the indi- 
gent officers of the late King, may be given for the maintenance 
of his child, he being plundered of all his estate, while in the King’s 
army. [Ibid. No. 164.] 

Statement that on 24 Aug. 1664, the King granted a court of 
pleas in the manors of Hackney and Stepney, for actions not 
exceeding &l., to Sir Wm. Smith in trust, on nomination of the Earl 
of Cleveland and Lord Wentworth; that after Lord Wentworth’s 
death, the Earl appointed John Pilkington prothonotary of the 
court; that there being some defect in his patent, a new one was 
drawn out, but not completed till after the Earl’s death, when it was 
taken out by Lady Wentworth and Sir Wm. Smith, who have put 
a stranger into the office of prothonotary. Pilkington has exhibited 
a bill in Chancery for recovery of his office, but they swear that the 
grant was intended solely as a provision for Lady Wentworth ; 
therefore, in case of the death of Lord Wentworth’s daughter 
without heirs, Lady Lovelace, who would then be next heir to the 
late Earl, will lose the benefit of it. Lord Arlington, who was 
instrumental in obtaining the patent, can best say whether the King 
intended it only for Lord and Lady Wentworth or for the Earl of 
Cleveland, Lord Wentworth, and their heirs. [Zbid. No. 165.] 


Note that Col. Slingsby lost his fee of 76l. a year as Deputy of the 
Isle of Wight, on being removed to the Prize Office, where he was 


138 


1668. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


only 16 months, and has been 14 without any salary. _He requests 
a gift of 75L, in addition to an allowance of 32/. for incident charges 
granted him by the Prize Commissioners. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 251, 
No. 166.] 


Memorial of the case between the City of London and Sir Rob. 
Vyner and the farmers of hearth money. The city had a grant, 
19 July 1664, of 100,0001., and another, 24 Nov. 1664, of 110,0002. 
with interest and charges, as repayment of a debt, and the hearth 
money was to be paid in at once to the Chamberlain of London. 

On March 30, 1666, the King let the duty to farm, on payment 
of 270,0007. in advance, with covenants to repay first the city debts, 
of which 50,000}. was already paid. The farmers paid the city cer- 
tain sums, but the city complains against the farm as injuring their 
security ; the farmers request that, as all the city money will be re- 
paid in 12 months, no change may be made, or at least that their 
counsel may be heard thereon. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 167.] 


Arguments in the case of Waller and Mr. Bowers, that the 
dispensation in general terms granted in March 1665, for free 
import of goods from Germany, Flanders, and France, was not 
obviated by the Proclamation, made 9 days after, as pretended by 
the prosecutor, because 6 months was allowed, and in the proclama- 
tion of 23 Aug. 1667, 6 months are granted before recalling dispen- 
sations. Also that the word “spicery ” in the Act for Regulation of 

ustoms was a mistake, as it was only intended to include such 
spices as could not be imported by our East India Company. 
[Lbid. No. 168.] 

Certificate by Dr. John Fell, Vice-Chancellor of Oxford, that 
[Rich.] White, of St. Mary Hall, was nominated by him proctor for 
1668. [Copy. Ibid. No. 169.] 

John Wood’s case, showing that the bailiwick of Godley, Surrey, 
granted to Thos. Beauchamp, of Fulham, by the Queen Mother, 
was by him granted to Wm. Cook, in trust for John Wood, but that 
Beauchamp refuses to allow Wood to act, and appoints others to 
receive the profits, and yet claims from him the yearly consideration; 
he requests redress, Endorsed [by Williamson], “ Mr. Wood’s case; 
speak with Beauchamp.” ([Jbid. No. 170.] 


Answer of Thos. Yeabsley and John Lanyon to the information of 
Rich, Mitchell and Isaac Burton, vindicating themselves from any 
design to defraud the King, in reference to the freighting of the 
ship Tiger. [lbid. No. 171.] 

Memorandum [by an officer of the Exchequer], relative to an 
accountant not named. Before much of the imprest money was 
paid to the accountant, there was borrowed of Sir George 
Carteret, Navy Treasurer, by order of the Lord Treasurer and Lord 
Ashley, of 14 July 1665, for this service, 1,0007., and on 6 March 
1666, 550/. There was also borrowed of Sir Steph. Fox, paymaster 
of the Guards, and of Col. Legg, Lieutenant of Ordnance, 5001. each. 
Also of money delivered the accountant by Wal. Vaughan, receiver 
of the Royal Aid for co, Pembroke, there was borrowed 950l. on 
18 Oct. 1665, for the use of the Wardrobe; total, 3,5007. This 


1668. 


CHARLES II. 13) 


money being all repaid to the respective persons, I did not give it a 
charge and discharge in the account, but inserted it at the foot. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 251, No. 172.] 


State of St. Bartholomew’s Hospital,to the governors of which 
the King gave permission during pleasure, on account of their losses 
by the fire, to convert the rooms in their great cloister—providing 
otherwise for the poor—into 17 shops, by the rents of which they 
were able to maintain sick and wounded soldiers and seamen, We. 
With reasons why the said grant should be longer continued. 


[Ibid. No. 173.] 


Note of a place void in the hospital [for maimed seamen] at Clun, 
Shropshire; value, 8/. 13s. 4d. a year, with a gown, chamber, 
garden, &c. [Ibid. No. 174.] 


List of 11 despatches [signed and sent off] by Lord Arlington. 
[Ibid. No. 175.] 


Memoranda [by Williamson] on the modes of dissolving or 
proroguing Parliament, by proclamation, commission, &c., in answer 
to a query as to whether a Parliament may be dissolved by procla- 
mation simply. [Jbid. No. 176.] 


List of 9 names [as agents for the Royal Aid], including Sir W. 
Doyley, Sir Rich. Browne, Sir Hen. Vernon, [Rob.] Scawen, and 
Mr. Hopton. Endorsed [by Williamson], “ Mr. Hopton.” [Zbid. 
No. 177.] 


Note of the fees of Mr. Hancock and the Duke of Northumber- 
land’s offices in the Crown Office, Hanaper Office, &c. [[bid. No. 178.] 


“ Abstract of guards and garrisons paid by Sir Steph. Fox,” total 
yearly expense, 147,043/. 10s. 5d., with the additions made since the 
Dutch war, 35,3151. 2s. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 179.] 


Instructions by Prince Rupert, Duke of Albemarle, Earl Craven, 
and 3 others to Capt. Wm. Stannard, commander of the Haglet ketch, 
and Capt. Zachariah Guillam, commander of the Nonsuch ketch, in 
relation to a voyage undertaken to Hudson’s Bay for trading pur- 
poses, and also to find out a north-west passage. [4 pages. Ibid. 
No. 180.] 


Memorandum for Lord Arlington of reasons why the Scottish 
trade and staple should continue at Campvere; the old contract 
ought not to be broken, it has been settled these 160 years or more: 
the town has benefited little by it during the late wars. The town 
sheltered the Scots, and made them pro formd burghers during the 
wars between England and Holland ; it is the most convenient and 
best situated place in the Low countries, and belongs to the King’s 
nephew, the Prince of Orange. ‘I'he Scottish merchants generally, 
and Sir Wm. Davidson, the present conservator, incline to remain 
there. Campvere is willing to continue them on the old contract 
till a new one can be made, and will grant them all that can reason- 
ably be demanded. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 181.] 


Proposal by Cressy Dymoke of a new and better art of agricul- 
ture in England, by employing more land for tillage, according to 


140 


1668. 


London. 


London. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


his mode, whereby only one-fifth of the present quantity of corn 
used for seed is required; and if he could obtain sufficient stock, he 
could employ all the poor in England. With request for an advance 
for stock, and answers to objections. [Prunted. S.P. Dom., Car. LI. 
251, No. 182.] 


Arguments for and against the laying an additional imposition on 
Swedish iron, of which 12,000 tons a year are brought in lately ; it is 
better and tougher than the English, and being sent in melted, does 
not consume our timber; if the duty were laid, the Swedes 
might in revenge heighten the impositions on their other necessary 
commodities, as pitch, &. On the other hand, its import reduces 
the decaying manufacture in England, throws the poor cut of work, 
and would much lower the price of coppice wood. [Jbid. No. 183.] 


Notes [by Williamson] of directions for worthily receiving the 
Blessed Sacrament. Before receiving, knowledge, repentance, faith, 
charity; at the receiving, meditation and affection; after the 
receiving, sanctification and a holy life. [Zbid. No. 184.] 


“ A looking glass for George Fox, the Quaker, and other Quakers, 
wherein they may see themselves to be right devils. In answer to 
George Fox his book called ‘Something in answer to Lodowick 
Muggleton’s book, which he calls The Quakers’ neck broken.’ 
Wherein is set forth the ignorance and blindness of the Quakers’ 
doctrine of Christ within them ; and that they cannot, nor doth not, 
know the true meaning of the Scriptures, neither have they the gift 
of interpretation of Seripture.” By Lodowick Muggleton, one of 
the two last prophets and witnesses unto the High and Mighty God, 
the man Christ Jesus in glory. [4to. Printed. 96 pages. Ibid. 
No. 185.] 


“ A few sober queries upon the late proclamation for enforcing 
the laws against conventicles, &c., and the late vote of the House of 
Commons, for renewing the said Act for 3 years more; proposed to 
the serious consideration of the King’s Majesty, with his two Houses 
of Parliament.” By one that earnestly desires the prosperity of 
England. [4to. Printed. 14 pages., Ibid. No. 186.] 


“The world’s mistake in Oliver Cromwell; or, a short political 
discourse, showing that Cromwell’s mal-administration (during his 


“4 years and 9 months’ pretended protectorship) layed the founda- 


tion of our present condition in the decay of trade.” [4to. Printed. 
20 pages. Ibid. No. 187.] 


Advertisement that the visitation sermon of Rob [Sanderson], 
late Bishop of Lincoln, is printed in folio separately, so as to be 
bound with the reprint of his sermons in folio, and is sold by 
H. Brome, of St. Paul’s Churchyard, London, and Rich. Davis, 
bookseller of Oxford, [Zbid. No. 188.] 


Note by Jas, Howell that Mr. Prynne’s book, now reprinting, 
contains the instrument by which King: John made England 
feudatory to Rome, and which itis not fitting now to have revived. 
[Dumaged. Ibid. No. 189.] 


1668. 


CHARLES II. 141 


List of memoirs, political and other works, to be found at Peter 
le Grand’s, Amsterdam. [French. 4colwmns. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 
251, No. 190.] 


Memoranda [by Williamson] of 10 titles of works. Endorsed, 
“Memoirs out of Holland.” [French. Ibid. No. 191.] 


List of 20 works, chiefly on English history, of which Mr. 
Puffend[orf] desires to know the price; with prices affixed to many. 
[Zbid. No. 192.] 


Similar list, with prices to each work. [Jbid. No. 193.] 


Note that Mr. Drummond, bookseller, now in Holland, can inform 
where the books “ Vox et Lacrementum [Lacrime] Anglorum ” and 
“The Painter,” are printed. [Zbid. No. 194.] 


“The present State of England,” seemingly headings for a treatise 
on the government of England, the present Royal family, the clergy, 
nobility and commonalty, and ecclesiastical, legal, and military 
establishments. [Similar to the contents of Chamberlayne’s “ State 
of England.” Ibid. No. 195.] 


“The Hawkers desired to stand.” List of Mercwries, and of 
hawkers, many of whom are women, [appointed to sell them ?]. [Zbid. 
No 196.] 

Song with a chorus, 21 lines, on the fleeting nature of happi- 
ness. Inc. “Ah, fading joys.” ([Jbid. No. 197.] 


Love song, 20 lines, endorsed [by Williamson], “ Song in the play.” 
Inc. “ After the pangs of a desperate lover.” [Jbid. No. 198.] 


Description by a female, of her Christian training under a pious 
mother, and of her own religious feelings and experiences. [34 pages. 
Ibid. No. 199.] 


Account of the money due on tickets to the men belonging to 
13 ships discharged at Chatham ; total, 6,890.. [Zbid. No. 200.] 


Propositions by Capt. Deane for rebuilding the bottom of the 
Royal Oak at Chatham, at a saving of 1,400/. to his Majesty. 
[14 pages. Ibid. No. 201.] 


Computation by Col. Middleton, surveyor, of naval stores neces- 


“sary to be sent to 5 frigates in the West Indies, to enable them to 


return home. [14 pages. Ibid. No. 202.] 


List of posts coming from and going to Hamburg, with the days 
of arrival or departure. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 203.] 


Account of the days in the week when the foreign mails are 
despatched from the office in London, or from other places for 
London. [Ibid. No. 204.] 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


65 srl » » 
66-72 Fragments of imperfect bill 


S. 


London 


Time of Return. 


June 18 
» 20 


1 p.m. 


5 a.m. 


7 p.m. 
Noon 
6 a.m. 
3 p.m. 
Noon 
5 p.m. 
1 p.m, 


1668. 
Post bills or labels for the year, from February to August, signed 
> > 
by A. Ellis, for a description of which see Calendar 1666-7, p. 388. 
Vol | , Place 
¥ Time of Place of ; A , 
d f De- A S TEE . 
a Starting. parts Mea Time of Arrival ime of Despatch 
1| Feb. 8 | 1am. | London | Nieuport Feb, 23* | 8a.m. | Feb. 24 8 p.m. 
2 ni aD p o S » 26, Noon | Mar. 1 3 pm, 
3 » 18 ” ” 9 » 25 4p.m. 4a.m. 
ay. op » iB Calais Mar. 5 | Noon » 8 | Noon 
5 4 D D Nieuport D ao oe Gite 6 6 p.m. 
6 | Mar. 3 D Ay a5 » 14 oe ena 
7 ” ” 2a.m ” Dover ” 3 10 p.m. » 4 l a.m. 
8 SG NaM, A y ip ee 7 p.m ans 5 a.m. 
9 ” 7 ” » Dunkirk » 19 oe » 20 8 p.m. 
10 rp aK) fs ES Calais 
11 ey) ” 3 Nieuport ” 11 9 a.m 3 12 7 p-m. 
12 » 17 ” ” Calais 
48.1%. 20 f i REN, 5G a : 2 
14 ae 2 » Nieuport 36 2p.m.|Apl. 2 | 4am. 
15 ay 2A Ae ry) Calais ne 50 a5 50 
16 by al » » » 
17 ran » 3 Nieuport Apl. 12 | 12 p.m. » 18 | Noon 
18 | Apl. 3 s x Calais ve . Se E 
19 sa, $ 3 Nieuport PRR 5 p.m. How 5 a.m. 
20] » » » » Calais 
21) » Ll » » Nieuport » 28 | Noon » 23 | 12pm. 
22 TJA a AA Calais 
23] » » » » Nieuport ao , BELO sẹ 
24 is 17 5 E Calais 
25 ” 4 » 33 » 
26 A, 25 A Nieuport May 5 May 9 are 
27 | 28 » | Calais o $ a 
ay » » » 
an ” 8 39 ” 39 . ee ee oo 
31 ce a i Nieuport » 20 | 6pm. OAL 8 p.m 
32 » 12 ” » ” A 23 POR se » 24 | 10p.m. 
33 » ” » » Calais 
34 ». 16 » » » Be s sé 86 
es ae ree, Š Nieuport EFE o n 28 |12p.m. 
Be ” ” Calais » » | 12pm » 28 
4 » ” » TIED 
37 » 30 » » Nieuport June 11 | 5a.m. | June 11 | 11 a.m 
38 | June 5 > = Calais 
39 » 6 » » Nieuport oe aki SA > Ss LF, 
40 » 12 » 5 Calais ne sis me E 
41 aS oaks a a Helvoetsluys ett 8 p.m. raul SET 
42) » 18 » » Nieuport p 2A | Epa s 2 am 
43 oy 7 5 i Helvoetsluys 3 920. ditam. 
44 » 20 D ? , » 2l 4 p.m. » 24 lam, 
45 ». 30 A E Calais i man 
46} 5 > » ieuport July 11 | 6p.m. | July 18 | 3a. 
47 | July 1 i a Helvoetsluys ie 6 p.m. ed 4 |11 ee 
a » 7 > ” Nieuport » 1 5 oe » 16 6 a.m 
» s ” 9 p.m. ay PA) 6 p. 
50 S A i Helvoetsluys S 9 | 12 p.m. RFD By A 
51 fy all s» ” s » ry a: 12 p.m. ay kD 11 a.m 
52 Be) eS A Nieuport be ae Ne sc 
53 » 14 ” » AED ” 25 Noon 
54 ” ” ” » Kahi 1 
55 » 15 5 3 elvoetsluys md) 5p.m » 18 | llam. 
Soul “cc BAT ly cos 4 Calais "ee 
57 PETS A 5 Nieuport ; 
58 so 2L a A Son : 
59 ry ees 5 RS elvoetsluys 26 1p.m 2 
ay ela | Galais om r n (Sia E 
6l » 25 y 5 elvoetsluys » 29 6 a.m. SOS UP TAGS AR 
62 | » 28 » 3 Nieuport ie 5: S f je 
63 | Aug. 1 ” » Helvoetsluys| Aug. 2 |1%p.m. | Aug. 5 | 11 a.m 
64; 4 4 » » peers p 5s Spam Oe; Sve WT pan: 
alais es 303 ac an 


* It must be kept in mind that the English dates given are the old styl j 
sluys, are the new style, which was 10 days tee EBO] de? End (he forein dates excep) Melosi 


Diary or journal of Jos. Williamson, chiefly of public events in 
England, from 12 Dec. 1667 to 7 Jan. 1668-9, being a continuation 
of the journal calendared as Vol. 231. 


[S.P. Dom., Car. T1. 253.] 


1668. 


1669. 
Jan. 1. 


Jan. 1. 
Minehead. 


Jan. 1. 
Hull. 


CHARLES II. 143 


NEWSPAPERS FOR THE YEAR. 


London Gazette, published twice a week. [31 papers. Newspaper 
Collection, No. 3.] 


Gazette de Londres, published twice a week. [92 papers. News- 
paper Collection, No. 7.] 


Mercurius Librarius, published quarterly. [1 paper. News- 
paper Collection, No. 2.] 


Hen. Rumbold to Lord Arlington. I understand my place of 
Consul at Malaga is disposed of to Hum. Colston, without reserving 
me even so much as St. Lucar, with which I should have been 
content, as being something satisfactory to my reputation. I 
wonder that anyone durst speak against me asa Papist to your lord- 
ship, and that Colston, who is so by profession, and has married a 
Spanish woman in Malaga, should be nominated in my place. I 
shall not do to Colston as Sir Fras. Bedingfield did to me, in- 
flame the merchants, and cause them to petition the King and 
Council for their right to elect, as all those of eminency that trade 
for Spain declared against Colston, upon hearing that he pretended to 
it, and charged him with what he could not answer, much less clear 
himself, as I did most fully of what they alleged against me. 

I beseech your lordship to consider my case; besides the mer- 
chants’ approbation, I paid down the money for my second commis- 
sion, and it has been without the enjoyment of the place. This 
besides the great sums the Consul’s place formerly cost me, and for 
which I have received no satisfaction of Mr. Westcombe. I have also 
lost my former employment as partner with Mr. Upton, which being 
so considerable, I ought in conscience to have a consideration. I 
wrote to the King as to the necessity of having a minister sent to the 
Spanish Court, and took some pains to get the Duke of Medina 
Celi to make a report to the King of Spain, that the person might 
be admitted into his Court. My loyalty is the only cause of my 
ruin, as your lordship would conclude by an inspection of my 
orders and vouchers, both from my brother and those that then 
acted for his Majesty; few men have performed such great services 
for their King, at their own charge. I served faithfully in my place 
in the Prize Office, and laid out 118l., as appears by the account 
annexed to my petition, given in long since, but payment of which 
has been deferred by Lord Ashley, so as not to make it an example ; 
as for salary, I have not received any, nor know what will be 
allowed. [2 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 254, No. 1.] 


John Maurice to Williamson. A small bark, laden with pitch and 
tar for Bristol, was driven ashore in the middle of the night; the 
goods were all landed, and the vessel was not damaged. [Jbid. No. 2.] 


Charles Whittington to Williamson. Two Swedes have arrived 
from Stockholm with pitch, tar, and iron, also a Londoner from 
Holland with tar. The Perregrin of Hull, laden with lead, barley, 
and cloth for Rotterdam, was cast away near Brewers Haven, and 
only 3 men escaped in the boat. [Jbid. No. 3.] 


It 


1669. 
Jan. 1. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Capt. Rob. Hooper, to the Navy Commissioners. Is waiting at 


Harp frigate, Kinsale for further orders. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 254, No. 4.] 


Kinsale. 


Jan. 2. 
Roe ketch. 


Jan 2, 
Woolwich. 


Jan. 2. 


Jan. 3. 
Plymouth. 


Jan. 3. 


Jan. 3. 
Deal. 


Jan. 3. 
Post Office. 


Jan. 3. 
Whitehall. 


Jan. 3. 
Chatham. 


Jan. 3. 
Chatham. 


Jan. 4. 


Yarmouth. 


Capt. Thos. Foulis to the Navy Commissioners. Received the stores 
sent from Deptford, after waiting more than a week. [Jbid. No. 5.] 


Edw. Byland to Pepys. Has almost finished trimming the Hope 
galliot hoy, and shall launch her next week, and then finish the 
yacht. Will omit laying decks at this season of the year, the deals 
brought in being green. [Zbid. No. 6.] 

Sir John Mennes to Pepys. The Commissioners of Accounts at 
Brooke House requiring the pay books of 21 ships named, desires 
he will cause their delivery. [Zbid. No. 7.] 

John Clarke to Hickes. The Ruth has arrived from the Leeward 
Islands, and the William and Elizabeth from Barbadoes, having 
been 7 weeks in her passage ; she reports that Lord Willoughby was 
ready to sail to the Caribbee Islands, and so home for England, 
having constituted several Commissioners to manage the govern- 
ment in his absence. The island is in a thriving condition, and 
much of Bridge Town is rebuilt. [Zbid. No. 8.] 

Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 9.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. The 54 Dutch ships that lay under 
Dungeness outward bound have sailed; I suppose that those that 
went out of the Downs with them have scarce weathered Ports- 
mouth. Great wrecks have been seen near the North Foreland, and 
the Thanet men have brought much goods on shore.. [Zbid. No. 10.] 


I. Dorislaus to Williamson. I have been twice to Whitehall to 
receive your commands, but failed in seeing you. [Ibid No. 11.] 


M. Wren to Pepys. I send you an order for Capt. Foulis of the 
Roe ketch, as I know not where to find him. [Zbid. No. 12.] 

John Moore and Edw. Moorcock to the Navy Commissioners. 
We have procured credit for money for one month’s pay for our 
men; we pray you to imprest some money speedily, or we shall not 
have these able men in our employ; and if we lose our credit, we 
shall hardly procure men in the spring. The anchors taken up will 
more than pay for this winter’s charge. [Jbid. No. 13.] 

Same to Col. Thos. Middleton. We shall have the old provisions 
broken down from the Helverstone taken on shore, and put into the 
stores, as this will prevent loss and embezzlement. [Jbid. No. 14.] 

Rich. Bower to Williamson. A vessel with piece goods from 
London was cast away on the Barnard Sand; a coach and several 
goods, as also a woman and some other of the company, were driven 
on shore at Corthy. Another vessel was forced ashore a mile to the 
northward of Yarmouth, where she still lays far up on the land. 

Nine ships have arrived from Rotterdam, one of which reports 
that one Bromwell of Iron Gate, near Tower Wharf, master of a 
ketch that was freighted from Rotterdam to London with merchant 
goods, also took aboard 570 odd pieces of gold, upon the account of 
Mr. Tucker of Rotterdam ; when at sea, the master conspired with 
his company to share the gold and sink the ketch, which they did, 
within 10 leagues of the North Foreland, and were taken on board a 


1669. 


Jan. 4. 


Falmouth. 


Jan. 4. 


Coveutry. 


Jan. 4. 


Jan. 4. 
Whitehall. 


79380. 


CHARLES II. 145 


vessel bound for Rotterdam, with some of the ketch’s goods. One 
of the company, being a Frenchman, designed to go for St. Valery 
in an English vessel, and went on board; the master, finding him to 
falter in his discourse, secured him, and acquainted Mr. Tucker, 
whom he knew; Tucker, on his arrival, began to search the French- 
man, who pulled a bag with 130 pieces out of his pocket and threw 
it on the fire. At length he confessed the fact, and said the rest of 
the company were gone to the Brill, to take passage in the packet- 
boat; these they forthwith pursued and captured, and recovered 
all the gold except 2 pieces. I want the Gazettes as formerly. 
[12 pages. SP. Dom., Car. TI. 254, No. 15.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. Several ships have put in through the 
tempestuous weather, one of which has broken her foremast and 
sprung her mainmast. Several came in yesterday, but the tempest 
is too strong for particulars ; a Falmouth vessel has been cast on the 
rocks, and is too much bulged to go to sea again. [Jbid. No. 16.] 


Ralph Hope to Williamson. A robbery was committed near 
Curdworth Bridge; 3 persons met one Lascelles and his wife from 
London, who had stayed at Sir Clement Fisher’s at Packington, and 
robbed them of 34 guineas, which the woman had quilted in her 
sleeve. After they had robbed these two, they met with others, one 
being from Coventry, whom they set upon and wounded; but the 
townsman got clear off, though not without a wound through the 
shoulder ; they took from the others what they had, and also their 
horses, and have not since been heard of. One of the thieves is 
believed to be Ashenhurst, mentioned in the proclamation. It is 
strongly presumed, there being many circumstances to back it, that 
the first robbery was but a cheat and confederacy to recover the 
money of the country, and that Lascelles, as he pretends his name 
to be, is no better than he should be, and Sir Clement himself has that 
suspicion of him that he has sent after him. Some of those who com- 
mitted the robbery at Coleshill 6 weeks ago are m Oxford Gaol. 

The school boys during Christmas acted a play called “ The 
Indian Emperor” for 2 nights, before a very great concourse of 
persons, a convenient stage being built in the school for the purpose, 
though there was a cabal that much opposed it. There is a pear 
tree in full blossom in the orchard of Mrs. Smith at Brandon, alias 
Brawne, 3 miles from Coventry, which creates some wonder. I 
suppose you have heard of the woman at Hatton in Derbyshire, who 
has not taken any manner of sustenance since St. Thomas’s Day was 
a twelvemonth; she lies in bed talking much, although worn to a 
mere skeleton; all her refreshment is having her lips anointed 
now and then with a little oil, &. [23 pages. Ibid. No. 17.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of Sir 
Wm. Coney, for the estate of John Fien, forfeited for manslaughter. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 18, p. 353.] 

Petition of George Nicholls to the King, for a recommendation to 
the fellows of Pembroke College, for one of the 3 fellowships founded 
by Charles I. for the natives of Jersey and Guernsey, there being 
one void by the death of Mr. Morinel. With reference thereon to 


K 


1669. 


Jan. 4. 


Jan. 4. 
Whitehall. 


Jan. 4. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


Jan. 4. 


Jan. 4. 


Jan. 5. 


Jan. 5. 


Portsmouth. 


Jan. 5. 


Portsmouth. 


Jan: 5. 
Bristol. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


the Bishop of Hereford, and his report that the petitioner is both 
capable and fit to receive his Majesty’s favour as desired. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. IT. 254, Nos. 18, 19. See p. 153, infra.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 18, p. 353.] 


Petition of Charles, Lord Gerard, to the King, that Sir Stephen Fox 
may be ordered to return to him two-thirds of the money deposited 
in his hands on a dispute between them, in which, on reference to 
his Majesty, it was decided that the petitioner should pay one-third 
and Sir Stephen two-thirds. With reference thereon to the Lord 
Keeper, and Secs. Trevor and Arlington. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 254, 
No. 20.] 


Order in Council—recapitulating a former order of 30 Dec. 1668, 
for the farmers of Customs to give their reasons for not entering 
10 prize ships named as free ships, according to the Act for prize 
ships, but detaining them, whether inward or outward bound, in the 
port of London; the reply of the farmers, dated 2 Jan. 1669, that 
the reason why the said ships were not admitted for entry as free 
ships, being taken as prizes, is that oath was not entered before 
1 Aug., according to the statute for making prize ships free, and 
that there are others in like condition which cannot be admitted 
without order—that the farmers are to be asked whether, in case of 
freeing the said ships, they will demand any defalcations ; and their 
reply of 8 Jan. that they shall not claim defalcation. [Copy. 
23 pages. Ibid. No. 21.] 


Original of the above report, and the order, &c., thereon. 
[12 pages. Ibid. No. 22.] 


Warrant from Lord Arlington to the Lieutenant of the Tower, for 
Dr. Edw. Stillingfleet to have access to Wm. Penn, confined in the 
Tower, to confer with him, in order to the convincing him, if it may 
be, of blasphemous and heretical opinions. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 96.] 


Grant to Jacob Smith, born at Dantzic, of denization, with 
proviso that he pay strangers’ customs, &c. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 1.] 
Capt. Ant. Deane to [Williamson]. I have had much trouble to 
copy the drawing, which, I believe, is the best we have, as it was 
all sounded. I hope Lord Arlington will excuse its not being done 
like painting. It is the only style I use, and I know his Majesty 
likes this way. I question not but if the French be as high as is 
reported, the discovery of the places my friend has viewed will 
be the means of doing them some mischief. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 
254, No. 23.] Enclosing, 

Pen and ink drawing of the river and forts at Brest, with the 
number and size of the guns placed in them, de. [Large 

sheet. Ibid. No, 231.] 
Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Arrival of a ship from New 


England; she sprang a leak in the Channel, and injured her main- 
mast. [Jbid. No. 24.] 


James Baskerville to Williamson. The fleet outward bound have 
sailed. A French vessel reports that the King of France has seized 


1669. 


Jan. 5. 
Portsmouth. 


Jan. 5. 


Portsmouth. 


Jan. 5. 


Portsmouth. 


Jan. 5. 


Harwich. 


Jan. 5. 
Woolwich. 


Jan. 6. 
Lydney. 


CHARLES Ii. 147 


all the ecclesiastical rents there, and is building ships in most of the 
fit ports in his dominions; this, with the news of 22 of his men-of- 
war lately gone out on some unknown design, much startles the 
people here. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 254, No. 25.] 


St. J. Steventon to the Navy Commissioners. I went to South- 
ampton, and find the charge of the hemp according to particulars 
enclosed; the master who brought it has left orders that it is not 
to be delivered without payment of freight and other charges. There 
is no close-decked vessel here; shall I hire one at 40s. to fetch it, 
and pay the freight? [Zbid. No. 26.] 


Capt. John Tinker to Pepys. I am daily troubled by the poor 
men that carried ballast to and from the ships in Col. Middle- 
ton’s time, and as a small sum will satisfy the debt, it is a discredit 
to the service that they should complain as they do; I would as 
soon pay them as hear them lament, they having nothing but from 
hand to mouth. I pray that they may be satisfied. [Jbid. No. 27.] 
Encloses, 


Petition of John Roberts, and 12 other inhabitants of Ports- 
mouth and Gosport, to the Navy Commissioners, for 
payment of the amount set against each of their names, from 
171. to 1l. 8s., for carrying ballast to and from the King’s 
ships, the greater part having been due nearly 3 years. 
[Zbid. No. 271.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. We lose half the 
time of 100 men for want of a supply of spikes to fasten the works 
of the hulk ; unless there be order to receive them, or the ketch 
arrive with them, as promised, the men must stand and look at one 
another, as they must have done to-day, if I had not promised to 
pay for 2 cwt., rather than see such disorder in the yard. The men 
make a great moan for want of money; pray move his Royal High- 
ness for their relief, they having neither a penny nor credit to keep 
them alive. [Jbid. No. 28.] 


Capt. Silas Taylor to the Navy Commissioners. Sends an account 
of stores. For a new year’s gift, there arose so violent a storm of 
wind that it stranded and staved 40 vessels great and small, and 
amongst others the muster boat, just taken off the oar (?) to be sent 
for Deptford. The fury of the storm continues yet. [Ibid. No. 29.] 


Edw. Byland to Commissioner Thos. Middleton. There are only 
the Crown and Dover remaining here. Some deals and other goods 
were taken out of the barge belonging to Mr. Andrews ; but having 
sent some watchmen, we found the men out. Particulars of the 
timber stolen when the barge was lying near Tower Wharf. 
[Zbid. Nos. 30, 31.] 


Dan. Furzer to the Navy Commissioners. The 2 anchors sent in 
the Edgar were made by your order for the Navy 2 years since, 
approved, and a set price agreed upon. I hope you will consider my 
necessity, and order the money for them, or I shall be undone. 


[Ibid. No. 32.] : 
K 


148 


1669. 
Jan. 6. 


Falmouth. 
Jan. 6. 
Falmouth. 


Jan. 6. 
Deal. 


Janu. 7. 
Deal. 


Jan. 7. 


London. 


Jan. 7. 


Jan. 7. 


Jan. 7. 


Jan. 
Jan. 7. 


Jan. 7. 
Woolwich. 


Jan. 7. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. There has been a very violent storm, 
in which 6 vessels were cast upon the rocks from their anchors 
in the harbour. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 254, No. 33.] 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect as the above, and part 
of his letter to Hickes of 4 Jan. [Ibid. No. 34.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. A galliot hoy from Amsterdam, 
laden with linen, raw silk, looking-glasses, and other rich commo- 
dities, ran ashore near Deal Castle, but most of her lading will be 
saved. [Lbid. No. 35.] 


Same to the Same. To the same effect. My letters so often 
miscarrying, I send this by Sandwich, the rather because Capt. 
Jno. Titus, lieutenant of Deal Castle, and his soldiers, at first too 
much resisted the Lord Warden’s officers in their good service. 
[Ibid. No. 36.] 


George Bower to [Viscount Conway]. I beg payment of my bill, 
as my occasions for money are so various, and persons call upon 
me when my stock is out. With memorandum endorsed of the 
names of 4 persons to whom trees were sold for prices named ; also 
of 7 others, creditors or debtors for sums mentioned, amounting in 
the whole to 171. 18s. 6d. [Ibid. No. 37.] 


Presentation of Ralph Davenant to the rectory of Stepney, 
co. Middlesex, void by simony. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 2.] 


Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of St. Martin’s- 
in-the-Fields to the King, for his accustomed bounty of 1001. to 
their poor, the number of those reduced to seek parish aid in- 
creasing greatly. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 254, No. 38.] 


Privy seal for 100/. to the Churchwardens and Overseers for the 
Poor of the Parish of St. Martin’s-in-the-Fields. Minute. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 70.] 


Docquet of the above, dated 27 Jan. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 7.] 


Pass for Sir Thos. Bond, his servants, and 16 horses to France. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 70.] 


W. Hannam to the Navy Commissioners. I have hauled the 
Centurion and others ashore for better security, there being so 
much ice in the river. Iam in a strait for help to secure ships; 
I beg power to command the ropemakers upon urgent occasions. 
I desire a supply of candles, being forced to borrow. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 254, No. 39.] 


Dr. Mathew Crouch to the Navy Commissioners. I crave pardon 
for not giving credit to your letter touching Mrs. Tooker being 
housekeeper at the Hillhouse at Chatham. I was over persuaded 
that it was only devised by a particular clerk, out of kindness to 
the widow ; but being sensible of my error, I desire you will appear 
in my behalf to his Royal Highness, that I may be released from 
the custody of the messenger, [Ibid. No. 40.] Encloses, 


Petition of Dr. M. Crouch to the Duke of York, for release 
out of custody, as he acknowledges his error, and is sorry 


1669. 


Jan. 8. 


Jan. 8. 


Jan. 8. 
Plymouth. 


Jan. 8. 


Jan. 8. 
Milford. 


Jan. 8. 


Jan. 9. 
Weymouth. 


J an. 9. 


CHARLES II. 149 


for arresting Mrs. Tooker, who was not only released, upon 
a right understanding that she was related to the King’s 
service, but had her fees paid, and her debt forgiven. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. TI. 254, No. 401.] 


Mich. Hales to Thos. Hayter. Some time since, a stop was put 
on Capt. James Carteret’s pay, for an anchor and cable delivered by 
him out of the Jersey into a merchant ship ; but Lord Willoughby 
having certified that they were delivered for the service, Lord 
Brouncker desires you to draw up a signification thereof, that the 
stop may be taken off. [Jbid. No. 41.] 


Warrant to pay 1007. to Lady Harvey and Col. Thos. Panton for 
providing hay for the deer in New Park. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 30, f. 98.] 


John Clarke to Williamson. The Loyal Friendship from 
Malaga has arrived; has no other news. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 254, 
No. 42.) 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 43.] 


John Powell to Williamson. The Delight of Swansea, laden with 
wines and salt from Rochelle, ran ashore at a place called Dale, 
having spent her masts ; the salt was all lost, but most of the wine 
saved. [Ibid. No. 44.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 45.] 


John Pocock to Hickes. The Three Falcons, a Dutch vessel, has 
been forced ashore near Portland; the company deserted her and 
saved themselves by the boat. As soon as the vessel came on 
shore, she was seized for the Lord High Admiral. Her cargo of 
iron and timber is saved, and it is hoped the vessel will be also. 


[Ibid. No. 46.] 


Petition of Wm. Fernely of Ipswich to the King, that the 
penalty of burning in the hand may be suspended, until his Ma- 
jesty’s pleasure is further known. Being assaulted by [Darcy] 
Blosse of Ipswich, and having received several wounds, in his own 
defence, he drew his sword and killed Blosse, for which he has been 
found guilty by the coroner’s inquisition of manslaughter. [Zbid. 
No. 47.] Anneaed, 

Finding of the jury at the inquest that Fernely was guilty of 
felonious homicide. [2 pages. Latin. Ibid. No. 471.] 


Information of John Jowers of Bramford, Suffolk, that as he 
and his brother Blosse were coming from the Golden Lion, 
they met Fernely against the George at Ipswich, and some 
words having passed between Blosse and Fernely, the latter 
drew his sword, and ran Blosse through the breast, of which 
he died.—1 Jan. 1669. [Ibid. No. 4711.] 


Certificate by Bryan Smith and F. Burwell, that the above in- 
formation is a true copy of the original, taken before Ro. 
Rednall and Wm. Feast, coroners for Ipswich, and that they 


150 


1669. 


Jan. 9. 
Jan. 9. 


Jan. 9. 


Woolwich. 


Jan. 9. 


Jan. 9. 


Jan. 9. 


Jan. 10. 


Portsmouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


heard the coroners declare, in presence of several persons, 
that Jowers was the only witness examined before them, and 
that they were not satisfied that they ought to give any certi- 
ficate thereof, unless lawfully called upon to do so. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. II. 254, No. 47111. ] 


Certificate by Chris. Milton, J.P. for Ipswich, that he was 
present at the examination of Jowers, and that the latter 
declared he knew of no former differences between Blosse and 
Fernely, but believed them to have previously been very good 
friends. With certificate of Rich. Philips to the same effect. 
[Ibid. No. 471Vv.] 


John Sicklemor to Rob. Wright. The only account I can give 
of Fernely’s business is from the testimony of Blosse’s brother- 
in-law, who deposes that his brother gave the first offence by 
calling to Fernely to stay und alight from his horse, and 
asking him where he was going ; he told him to his wife, when 
Blosse replied that she was an old whore, and that Fernely 
was the son of a whore; whereupon he alighted, and they 
drew swords, and after several passes, Blosse was killed.— 
Ipswich, 9 Jan. 1669. [Lbid. No. 47v. | 


Copy of the preceding petition. [Ibid. No. 474.] 


Account delivered in by Col. Thos. Middleton, Surveyor, of 
unserviceable and decayed provisions in the stores at Portsmouth, 
Chatham, Woolwich, and Deptford, between Dec. 1667 and Dec. 
1668. [4 pages. Ibid. No. 48.] 


Edw. Byland to Pepys. Has taken cognizance, with the master 
of attendance, of the Katherine yacht, and gives particulars ; shall 
launch the Ann next week. All the ships here are-safe ashore, 
except the Dover. [Ibid. No. 49.] 


_ Thos. Goose, purser of the Sweepstakes, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. Begs their favour that he may not lie any longer in 
despatching his accounts, and that he may have such allowance as 
the equity of the case deserves. [Zbid. No. 50.] 


Note by Sir Wm. Penn that Stephen Rose, boatswain of the 
Golden Lion, must satisfy the Board how he can clear himself of a 
cable, received by him at Plymouth, by direction of Sir Rob. 
Holmes. [Jbid. No. 51.] 


Capt. George Erwin to Pepys. Pray assist Wm. Ash, boatswain 
of the Kent, in obtaining leave from his Royal Highness to ac- 
company me to the East Indies in the Bombay Merchant, he having 
petitioned the Duke for that purpose, and being willing to proceed, 
if he may be continued in the service. I hope to sail the 16th or 
18th. [Jbid. No. 52.] 


Thos. Eastwood to the Navy Commissioners. I received money 
for the bark and lops which countervailed the charge of felling and 
squaring the timber, and placed it to account. Since his Majesty 
came home, it has been ordered by the Lord Warden of the Forest 
to Mr. Horne, merchant of Southampton, who claims the bark by 


1669. 


Jan. 10. 
Alresford. 


Jan. 10. 


Jan. 10, 
Plymouth. 


Jan. 10. 
Charlton. 


Jan. 11. 


CHARLES II. 151 


his patent as hoy woodward; I suppose the money for the lops is 
disbursed for repairing of lodges and other charges, of which he 
gives account in the Exchequer every year. I am not concerned in 
the sale of the lops, but regarders ride with Mr. Horne who, when 
he has marked out the timber, value the lops, and set a price upon 
them. The regarders are men appointed to see that there may be 
no spoil in the forest, and if there is, they are to present it. Noted, 
“To be represented to the Lords of the Treasury, when the other 
purveyors have made their returns.” [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 254, 
No. 53.] 


Hen. Perrin to the Navy Commissioners. I am willing to serve 
into the stores at Portsmouth all goods formerly served in by me, 
and on the same terms as the ironmonger at London supplies all the 
rest of the yards. I beg some allowance for carriage of my 
goods, living so remote from London and other places, and being 
20 miles from Portsmouth. [Jbid. No. 54.] 


Edw. Byland to Pepys. I want orders as to docking the 
Assistance and Crown, the pleasure boats being ready to launch. 
I have fetched a boat-load of reed from Ham Creek ; I suppose there 
may be about one thousand bolts left. The price of cutting is 
10s. per 100, and the quality needs no praising. The master of the 
ship with Scotch masts would not haul her ashore, so I cannot 
answer Col. Middleton’s order. I can give no other proof that the 
deals stolen were the King’s than that 7 were taken when the 
men left work, that 7 were missing, and that those brought back 
were like the same left behind in the barge. [Jbid. No. 55.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. A States’ man-of-war, of 44 guns 
and 160 men, bound with 2 others to convoy 30 merchant ships to 
the Straits, has put in, having lost her company in a storm and 
some of her masts; 3 or 4 colliers have also arrived. [Jbid. 
No. 56.] 


Dr. T. Lamplugh to Williamson. Thanks for helping to make 
my young son a Christian; your chaplain-deputy performed his 
part well, and perhaps exceeded his commission, for he kissed all 
above and below stairs. I presume he has got the start of me in 
giving you an account of your partner, Sir Edw. Norris, and the 
name of your godson, which is Edward, my wife’s father’s name. 

[Tim.] Halton is returned from Wales, and I hope he will reside in 
[Queen’s] college. I hear nothing amiss of Mr. Clifford, or I would re- 
port it. The Sectarians have grown so exceedingly bold and daring 
that they have set apart a house at Bicester for a public meeting 
place, and made a pulpit in it; there is a greater number there every 
Sunday than in the church. There is scarcely a parish about Charlton 
but what is infected, and unless they are speedily suppressed, they 
will grow so numerous that I dread the event. Remember me to 
my Lord of Rochester and his lady. [lbid. No. 57.] 


Sir Philip Musgrave to Williamson. I beg you to solicit Lord 
Arlington. to accept the resignation of Mr. Sandford, ensign in my 


152 


1669. 


Jan, 1l. 


Pendeunis. 


Jan. 11. 
Deal, 


Jan. 11. 
Lyme. 


Jan. 11. 
Whitehall. 


Jan mi2: 
Alresford. 


Jan. 12. 


Portsmouth. 


Jav. 12. 


Harwich. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


company at the garrison at Carlisle, and to appoint Basil Fielding 
to that employment. He was lieutenant to Sir Edw. Musgrave, 
and on that company being reduced, he chose rather to trail a pike 
in my company than to leave us; so I hope you will be a friend to 
him. I never did nor will make sixpence advantage by recommend- 
ing any officer, as it is enough to me if I can gratify a deserving 
person. Let my letters be directed to Ednal, Cumberland. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. II. 254, No. 58.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. The violence of the storm has 
driven 6 or 7 vessels on shore here, and 2 are broken in pieces. 
Several vessels have come in from Bordeaux, &c., laden with wine, 


pitch, and tar. [Jbid. No. 59.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. A large conger has been found in 
Sandwich Bay, which weighed 80 pounds after his entrails and fat 
were taken out. The wreck near Deal Castle gives sufficient 
employment to the people. There have been several wrecks on the 
Goodwin, as divers pieces of ships have been found. [Zbid. No. 60.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. The Rose has come in with great 
difficulty from Rotterdam, by reason of the ice, and reports that 
they murmur there very much at payment of tonnage to the French 
King, and like not his being so near a neighbour to Flanders, which 
they suppose will soon cause a breach, [Jbid. No. 61.] 


M, Wren to Pepys. I desire you to write to the victualler at 
Portsmouth to have provisions ready for the Roe ketch, she having 
lost a portion by a pink running aboard her, and breaking down 
the hoy lying by her side with them, so that she has only 2 of her 
supply aboard. [Zbid. No. 62.] 


Hen. Perrin to the Navy Commissioners. I desire my contract 
may be made according to the London ironmongers’ new contract. 
I have sent up my wife, who is as well or rather better acquainted 
with the business than myself, and she will wait on you for your 
pleasure. I am not able to ride up myself, through a fall from my 
horse. [Zbid. No. 63.] 


St. J, Steventon to the Navy Commissioners. I sent a messenger 
to Southampton, to demand the St. Malo hemp in the King’s name, 
but was denied the delivery of it, without paying the freight and 
other charges. It is in the custody of Nich. Capelin, one of the 
Custom House officers, who seemed willing to deliver it if he might 
have Master Du Hobry’s wife’s consent, which was refused. Unless 
you order payment of the freight, or find other course by constraint 
to force the delivery of it (in the latter of which I would be a willing 
instrument), you will not obtain it. [Zbéd. No. 64.] 


Capt. Silas Taylor to Sir John Mennes, Though my delays have 
been long, pray consider my small help to compass so great a business 
as the whole account of the yard, not only in my own time, but 
before, which is very intricate. Ever since the King and Duke 
have been here, the Board have found me employment in preserving 


1669. 


Jan. 12. 
The Roebuck, 
Downs. 


Jan. 12. 


Portsmouth. 


Jan. 12. 


Portsmouth. 


Jan. 12. 


Jono i2. 


Jan. 12. 


Jan. 12. 


Jan. [13.] 
Whitehalli. 


Jan. 13. 
Jan, 13. 


CHARLES II. 153 


the King’s concerns here, in unrigging and sale of the hulk, &c. 
I cannot have the accounts subscribed here, as there are none that 
can legibly write, and I cannot well be at London. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 254, No. 65.] 


Capt. George Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. I can make 
shift for rigging till you give order to clean the frigate. My 
victuals are almost expended, and I have sent to the victualler at 
Dover to have a month’s victuals ready. [Jbid. No. 66.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. The storekeeper 
will not receive the stores paid for with the 278l. without positive 
orders; as you did not give a warrant for the spikes and other 
things asked, I have supplied Capt. Hart with two Spanish tables 
out of my own house, rather than have any pretence of his want ; 
if your Honours do not send a warrant for such small things until 
the Roe ketch come about, we must lose a great part of our time. 
The captain of the Portland is resolved to get out to-day if the 
wind favours him. I shall finish the hulk in 8 or 9 days, and then 
dock the Advice and Fairfax, as the provisions in the yard are 
suitable to their repairs. I have the beams for the new ship, and 
would get her forward if I had a supply of 4-inch plank. [2 pages. 
Ibid. No. 67.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Pearl frigate has arrived 
at Spithead, and is coming into harbour to be cleaned and fitted for 
sea again, as she, with the Milford, is to try the new ship Nonswch 
for sailing. The Portland is ready to proceed to Galicia, to bring 
the Duke of Tuscany to England. [Ibid. No. 68.] 


Pass for Francis Roper, sent to Flanders as Envoy from the 
Queen. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 98.] 


Warrant for 12,0007. to be paid into the privy purse, without 
account or imprest. Minute. [Jbid.] 


Warrant to the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, to order 
Sir John Curzon, Bart., Receiver, to pay 500l. to Edw. Jackson, 
for repairs of the house at Lindhurst, co. Hants, [Zbzd.] 


Note of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 254, No. 69.] 


The King to Lord Ashley, Treasurer of Prizes. It appears by 
the report of the Prize Commissioners, that more was placed to the 
credit of incident charges for Plymouth in 1667, than was appor- 
tioned on the ships, so that the Prize Treasurers were brought 
into debt 124l., as part of 158/. said to be due to David Grosse, 
but disallowed by the Sub-commissioners of Prizes. You are 
therefore to pay 120/. to Grosse, in full allowance for his services 


and expenses. [Zbid. No. 70.] 
Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 99.] 


The King to the [Master and Fellows of Pembroke College, 
Oxford]. We recommend George Nicholls, student of Jesus College, 


Jan. 13. 


Jan. 13. 
Whitehall. 


Jan. 13. 
Whitehall. 


[Jan. 13.] 
Jan. 13. 


Jan. 13. 
Whitehall. 


Jan. 13. 


Jan. 13. 
Whitehall. 


Jan. 13. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


to the fellowship in your college founded by the late King for the 
natives of Jersey and Guernsey. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, 


p. 92.] 


Warrant to Sir Stephen Fox to pay to Rich. Kent, for the use 
of the officers disbanded from the Guards, such money for half-pay 
as shall become due to them, according to a list approved and 
signed by the King, to commence from 26 Sept. last. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 29, p. 30.] 


The King to the Governors of the Charterhouse. We request you 
to admit William, son of William Man, of London, as a scholar in 
the Charterhouse. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 81.] 


Petition of John Skelton for a free pardon. Had a dispute with 
Francis Edgecombe 3 years since, which he believed had been 
reconciled the same night; but the next morning Edgecombe took 
the petitioner out of bed, and forced him to answer in the field, 
otherwise he would immediately kill him; thereupon wounds were 
given on either side, and Edgecombe died shortly after of one he 
then received, contrary to the petitioner’s hopes and intentions, by 
reason whereof he has been compelled to live in exile. Served the 
Duke of York and the late Princess Royal, and will employ his 
life to serve his Majesty, if the pardon is granted. 

With reference thereon to the Attorney-General, and his report 
that the facts are as stated in the petition, but that upon the 
impanelling of the jury by the coroner, Mr. Edgecombe’s father sent 
several of his servants and tenants to serve upon the inquest, and 
procured such a verdict as he pleased (which proceeding was un- 
known to the petitioner’s father or his friends); they found a 
verdict of murder, and the petitioner not appearing, he was out- 
lawed, but never tried by any petty jury.—Jan. 21. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 254, No. 71.] 


Draft of the above petition. [Zbid. No. 72.] 
Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 1.] 


Petition of David Lawrence to the King, for presentation to the 
vicarage of Maker, co. Devon (sic), void by resignation of Rob. 
Warren. With reference thereon to the Bishop of Hereford, Dean 
of the Chapel, and his reports in favour of the petitioner. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. IT, 254, Nos. 73-75 ; see p. 173, infra.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 2.] 


Reference to the Council for Trade of the petition of George 
Herriot, for a patent for 14 years of his way of cold-pressing cloth. 


[Zbid.] 


Order in Council granting the petition of Dr. Joha Wilkins, 
Bishop of Chester, for 4 years’ time to pay the first fruits of his 
bishopric, and of Wigan parsonage thereto annexed, on his own 
bond for security; if he die before the time, the remainder then 
due to be remitted; also all first fruits not due till the passing 
of his congé d’élvre last October to be remitted, and his bonds 


1669. 


Jan. 18. 
Whitehall. 


Jan. 13. 


Jan. 13. 


Jan. 13. 


Falmouth. 


Jan. 13. 
Jan. 13. 


Jan. 13. 
Whitehall. 


CHARLES Ii. 155 


delivered. With proviso that his Majesty will not henceforth grant 
more than 2 years for payment of first fruits. [S.P. Dom., Oar. LI. 
254, No. 76; see p. 190, infra.] 


Order in Council that the Commissioners for Foreign Affairs 
consider what number of ships, and of what rates, should be set 
out for the summer guard, consulting if needful with the Navy 
Commissioners. Also that they consider a letter from the said 
Commissioners of 29 Dec. last, to the Treasury Commissioners, 
about the disposal of the 200,000/. assigned on the Customs. 
Zoid. No. 77.] 


Report of the Council of Trade on the proposals of Wm. Carter, 
for preventing export of wool, that they find it of destructive 
consequence to trade, stating the means through which it has 
arisen, and the defects in the execution of the existing laws ; pro- 
posing a proclamation for enforcing the laws, and confiding their 
special execution to the President and Governors of Christ’s Hos- 
pital, London, giving them all the forfeitures for transgression 
thereof, towards the benefit of the poor children; with reasons for 
choosing them in particular; 12 signatures. [8 sheets. Ibid. No.78.| 


Petition of Sir Wm. Mason, and 4 other loyal and distressed officers, 
to the King, for power to erect a lottery in Ireland, and to exercise 
it in such manner as shall be thought fit. Served his late father, 
and by their great sufferings for adhering to his cause and interest, 
are driven into extreme poverty, and know of no other way of 


relief. [Zbid. No. 79.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. A vessel has arrived from Nieu- 
port, and reports that the French King sent 4,000 horse and foot 
to take possession of some passage that the Duke of Lorraine per- 
mitted the Spaniards to pass in to Flanders, on pretence of an agree- 
ment made with the old Duke of Lorraine and the French King, 
for the command of the said passage; but the Lorrainer, appre- 
hending some danger by having so ill a neighbour, opposed the 
French, killed many of them, and put the rest to flight, so that the 
French King is going against the Duke himself, at the head of 
10,000 men. I hear of no wrecks through the violent storms, 
except those which happened in the harbour. [JZbid. No. 80.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 81.] 


Thos. Robson to Pepys. I beg your assistance in procuring 
2 tickets for Wm. Man, for service on board the Mary and Loyal 
London, I having lost those tickets given to my custody by. 
his brother, George Man, for which Man will give security to 
indemnify the King. With order by the Navy Commissioners to 
R. Waith, to certify whether the tickets be paid or not, 19 Jan. 
1669; and report by Waith that he does not find any such tickets 
paid by him since July 1667, his books for the preceding time being 
at Brooke House. 24 Feb. 1669. [Zbid. No. 82.] 


Jos. Williamson to Sir George Downing. Lord Arlington desires 
an account of the diet made to French prisoners during the late 


Jan. 14. 


Jan. 14. 


Jan. 14. 
Sunderland. 


Jan. 14. 


Jan. 14. 


Jan. 14. 


Jan. 14. 
Whitechapel 
Prison. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


war, and whether it was not upon the King’s charge. With note 
by Sir George Downing to Col. Reymes, asking him to answer this, 
as he is best acquainted with the business. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 254, 


No. 83.] 


Col. B. Reymes to Sir George Downing. What was done in one 
district was done in all; but I suppose Mr. Fillingham can best 
resolve in the general. The prisoners had several allowances, both 
French and Dutch, and when they were at the lowest, both French 
and Dutch allowed them somewhat over and above the King’s 
allowance, which at first was 5d.a day, then 4d., then 1 lb. of bread 
only, then 2d. a day, every proportion and alteration being made by 
Council, according to the reports they had of the usage of the 
English prisoners, and the agreement between the Crowns; the ex- 
change was made according to their respective qualities. When 
a prisoner was released without an exchange, it was ordered that 
he should pay back the charge he had put the King to, but I do not 
remember that they ever did so, except one or two, which the 
Marshals have, or should account for. [Zbid. No. 84.] 


Col. B. Reymes to Williamson. I received your and Sir George 
Downing’s letters as to the French prisoners, and have replied to 
the former, but will explain more fully when we all meet, and 
examine the books. [Jbid. No. 85.] 


Ben. Francis to Rob. Francis. Pray assist Mr. Ettrick in laying 
hold of a person required, who deserves no favour from anyone 
with whom I am concerned, while Ettrick—when my place was in 
great doubt, by the alteration of the farmers and the times, and 
when none of my own friends had the opportunity|to help—assisted 
to continue me there; so in gratitude I cannot but intreat my 
friends’ interest to serve him also, [Jbid. No. 86.] 


— Joli to Williamson. I intended to bring you the orders, but 
our Ambassador has sent for me; let me know where vou and m 
Lord [Arlington] will be in an hour or two. [French. Ibid. No. 87.] 


Edw. Bawtree to Rob. Blackborn, East-India House, Leadenhall 
Street. Particulars of money abated and services rendered on the 
estate. I told you I must have the rent reduced, or I could not 
hold possession, and you agreed to let me have the land at 141. a 
year; I promised to pay in April, when my tenants cleared, and 
not before, which was also agreed upon. I could have got you 
a good tenant, but he is now settled for next year. [Jbid. No. 88.] 


Thos. Knightley to Williamson. Pray get a petition sent from 
a prisoner in Newgate presented to the King, and if it is referred 
to the Chief Justice, get as favourable a reference as you can. The 
bearer will gratify you as soon as the business is completed, which 
must be speedy, otherwise she will be transported. [Zbid. No. 89.] 


Nath. Bunch, purser of the Sapphire, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. Coming to your office to pass my accounts, I was arrested 
by a bailiff of Whitechapel Liberty, for a debt which—by reason 
of the long voyage, and bad payments of money where it is due— 


Jan. 14. 
[Leghorn.] 


Jan. 15. 


Newhaven. 


Jan. 15. 


Jan. 15. 


Jan. 15. 
Pembroke. 


Jan. 15. 


CHARLES II. 157 


I am unable to pay. I intreat your consideration in passing my 
accounts, and in getting in the money due, that I may have my 
liberty. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 254, No. 90.] 


Roger Howe to his brother, Thos. Clutterbuck, London. Complaints 
of miscarriage of letters. Private affairs. Lord Sherwood thanks you 
for inquiring after Margaret, but he is anxious about a box of 
drugs, sent for a friend in her chest. I advise you, in your Consul’s 
patent, to get 2 per cent. on strangers’ goods added, as the Consul 
of Cadiz has done, and also power to appoint a deputy, in case of 
your own advancement. Consul Shillingworth boasts of having his 
place at Leghorn for life. It is said that Sir John Finch will leave 
Italy this spring, so you are still in time to think of a residency. 
[14 pp. Ibid. No. 91.] 


Petition of John Balldee and 7 other inhabitants of Meeching, 
alias Newhaven, Sussex, to the King, for an order to Sir John 
Pelham and other justices of the peace, to inquire to whom money 
is owing for supplying materials, and lodging workmen, W&c., for the 
erection of a harbour and pier there. The loss of so many lives 
and vessels yearly moved Wm. Halsted to draw up a certificate to 
the King, which was presented by Lord Digby and the Earl of 
Bristol, and was well liked by his Majesty ; but it lying dormant 
for 3 years, Halsted drew up a petition, and obtained 80 of the 
inhabitants’ hands to it, upon which his Majesty granted letters 
patent for erecting a pier and other conveniences, and Halsted 
assisted with his own funds in carrying it into effect, although he 
is now, with many others who have lost their money, hated and 
envied. A breach happening with the said lord and the Lord Chan- 
cellor, the business was put into other hands, and neither Halsted 
nor several others mentioned, who advanced their money and credit 
as detailed, have received any return, although many applications 
have been made, and they are in danger of utter ruin on account 
thereof. Unless respect is had to the promises and engagements 
made to the first undertakers of the work, the Almighty can never 
prosper it; 8 signatures. [2 pages. Ibid. Nos. 92, 93.] 


Note that [Roger] l'Estrange has received from Lord Arlington 
1007. as his proportion of allowance of the News-book for the first 
year, ending 15 Jan. 166%, and that there rests on account 2 years 
up to the present date. [Jbzd. No. 94.] 


Thos. Corney to Williamson. I have spoken to the Ordnance 
Commissioners, and find that the place is in their gift, and is 
undisposed of. As they sit on Saturday, if you can procure my 
Lord’s order to them, it will prevent all competition, and I shall 
always own you as my patron. [Jbid. No. 95.] 


John Powell to Williamson. Has no news. [Ibid. No. 96.] 


Memorial from the Council of Trade, that Lord Arlington be 
desired to request an order to the corporation of baize-makers, 
Colchester, to appoint some of their number to attend the Council 


158 


1669. 


Jan. 16. 


Portsmouth, 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


of Trade, with a copy of their charter, by-laws, &., to answer 
complaints concerning abuses crept into the manufacture of baize. 


[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 254, No. 97.] 


St. J. Steventon to Pepys. I cannot find such a vessel as the 
Shepherd galliot in my book for 1665, nor was there at any time 
such a galliot. It may be some error in the transcript of the 
vessel’s name; if you have an account of the man’s name so 
borne, I can clear the doubt. We had a flyboat called the Her- 
dereen [or Hardereen] which is Dutch for Shepherd, that was 
employed here to put guns into, and was afterwards sent and sold 
at London; I never heard of a hoy called the Leicester. [Ibid. 


. No. 98.] 


Jan. 16. 


Portsmouth. 


Jan. 16. 
The Roebuck, 
Downs. 


Jan. 16. 
Stockwith. 


Jan. 16. 
Drury Lane. 


Same to the Navy Commissioners. The reason of the master 
carrying the hemp from St. Malo to Southampton was his being 
denied entrance into this port, his Majesty, when here, having 
given order to the Governor not to sutfer ships from France to 
come without staying a quarantine; at that time another vessel 
rode at Spithead on the same score. I can testify to the truth of 
what I have formerly written, about Mr. Capelin’s denying delivery 
of the hemp without payment of the freight. [Zbid. No. 99.] 


Capt. George Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. I will send 
my officers’ demand by the next post; shall I deliver the anchor 
and cable, as it is a trouble to keep them aboard? The Duke’s 
officers would have it, but I shall not part with it without 
your order. The Roe ketch, with a Holland man-of-war, sailed for 
Portsmouth, and here is another man-of-war bound for Cowes road, 
by reason of the frost being so bad in Holland. [JZbid. No. 100.] 


John Russell to the Navy Commissioners. There have been two 
sales of tops, bark, and offal timber in the forest of Sherwood, in 
Billhay and Brickland, by Thos. Corbin, the surveyor, arising from 
2,000 trees felled; but I was not concerned in them, nor received 
any of the money. [Jbid. No. 101.] Encloses, 


Account of timber shipped on board the Adam and Eve hoy— 
John Huntington, master—for delivery at the stores at 
Deptford.—24 Dec. 1668. [lbid. No. 1011] 


Earl of Anglesey to the Navy Commissioners. I have received 
the list of about 2,0007. of the unpaid assignments upon the monthly 
receipts of the Customs ; had I not been interrupted in paying, they 
had all been complied with, for I was always so sensible of the King’s 
service, and tender of the credit of the Board in punctual payments, 
that I often paid before I had received the money, as is witnessed 
by the payment of 3007. upon the October month, for which I have 
not received anything. A further reason why they are unpaid is 
that I have paid Mr. Bayly for the Edgar 4,0001., Sir Rob. Southwell 
3007., Capt. Cox 1,000/., and Capt. Rooth 8001. with others of the 
same nature, which I had no particular fund for, but they required 
haste. If you can find any way for their satisfaction, I shall 


1669. 


Jan. 16. 


Jan. 16. 


[Jan. 16.] 


Jan. 16. 


Jan. 16. 
Leake 
Chantrey. 


Jan. 16. 


Yarmouth, 


CHARLES II. 159 


willingly join with you, as may best testify my continuing a 
sensible member of your number. I have appointed Mr. Fenn to 
attend you to adjust this affair. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 254, No. 102.] 


Sir Wm. Coventry to the Navy Commissioners. I could not 
refuse to certify that, Sir Jeremy Smith having to go to the north- 
ward in 1667, and Mr. Wigginer’s ketch being to go with him, 
Wigginer made some difficulty in regard of his arrears of freight, 
whereupon I pressed him to go, on the assurance that his money 
should be paid here in his absence, or at Hull. He deserves favour. 
[Ibid. No. 103.] 


Declaration by Lord Arlington of his Majesty’s approval of Thos. 
Neale as deputy-lieutenant for co. Hants, in the room of Lord 
Sandys, deceased. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 99.] 


Pass for the Great Prince of Tuscany who, after his voyages 
through Spain and Portugal, intends to come into England. 
[Draft. S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 254, No. 104.] 


Minute of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 99.] 


Thos. Bawtree to Rob. Blackborn. I want an answer to my 
former letter, as Ido not know whether you agree to my proposi- 
tions. I find you are willing to abate 5/. towards the improvement 
of the other lands, but I am not willing to do this, as I cannot 
make my rent of it. Iwill give you 65l.a year for the ground 
mentioned in my lease, and that held by John Gell, on condition 
that you will build me a stable, and repair the roof, when I will 
take it for 5 years. I desire you not to think that I undervalue 
your farm ; the one adjoining is let, and they have abated 111. in 
461. I make no benefit by the use of the rent, as I have received 
201. and paid 20l. 10s. 6d., and the charge of Rob. Cox’s house is 
12. 15s. I shall send my bullocks to London by Candlemas, when 
my man shall call with all the money received up to that time. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 254, No. 105.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. Several persons were indicted at the 
sessions held at Beccles, for not going to their parish church, and 
true bills were found, but they were acquitted by the petty jury, on 
the ground that the day they went to church, the doors were shut, 
which uses to be once a month for their excuse, the patron being a 
Nonconformist. Mr. Brewster of Wrentham, and some of the jus- 
tices, were so incensed that they resolved not to come on the bench 
any more. 

Mr. Bridge appeared at Norwich sessions, when Sir John Hubbard 
told him that a letter had been shown to his Majesty by Lord 
Arlington, who directed it to be sent to Lord Townshend; about 
this he was called before the deputy-lieutenants, and although 
they could have proved what was laid to his charge, yet on his 
confessing to baptizing children, keeping conventicles, and residing 
in Yarmouth contrary to law, they were willing to forbear prose- 
cuting him, if he would promise to leave the county of Norfolk, and 
not come within five miles of Yarmouth. Bridge answered that 
he was not willing, but if it was commanded, he must submit. 


160 


1669. 


Jan. 17. 


Jan. 17. 
Milford. 


Jana. 17; 


Jandi 
Deal. 


Jan. 17. 
The Roebuck, 
Downs. 


Jan. 18. 


Jan. 18. 
Woolwich. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Councillor Long told him that Lord Townshend was there as a 
justice of peace, and not as Lord Lieutenant, aud that if he would 
not voluntarily comply, they would have to force him. He repeated 
his unwillingness, when his lordship rose up in a passion, and 
commanded him not to come within 5 miles of Yarmouth or 
Norfolk, and so freed him. Many of his members and followers 
went to Norwich to accompany him, and boasted on their return 
that Lord Townshend and the rest of the gentlemen, whenever they 
spoke to Mr. Bridge, were with their hats in their hands, and glory 
much of the respect and favour he found. Various opinions thereon. 
I trust I shall submit with cheerfulness to those things which seem 
good to our princes and their councils; their acts should not be 
scanned by private persons, who cannot apprehend their reasons. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 254, No. 106.] 


I. Dorislaus to Williamson. Mr. Ellis having promised me a 
chamber in a few days, I will then bend my thoughts towards 
doing you service. The Holland letters have not arrived. ([Lbid. 
No. 107.] 


John Powell to Hickes. No shipping in the harbour; I want to 
know the price of wheat, barley, and oats. [Jbid. No. 108.] 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [Ibid. No. 109.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. Two [men] were robbed last week be- 
tween Dover and Deal, and a house was broken into by 3 seamen be- 
longing to the Roebuck ; one of them escaped, the other 2, after their 
commander, Capt. Liddell, had surrendered the goods, were carried 
aboard, and after being ducked, were towed ashore, and turned 
adrift. The conger caught last week was 7 feet long, 9 inches 
deep, and weighed 69 pounds. The Dutch ship that wilfully ran 
aground near Deal Castle has had her merchandize embezzled. 
[Zbid. No. 110.] 


Capt. George Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. I send the 
boatswain and carpenters demand for stores, with observations 
thereon, and what is required to be done on board. My sailors have 
little to receive, but yet grumble, so I proffered to discharge them 
by tickets, and receive others. This has made them quiet, for they 
can live as badly upon land as myself. [Zbid. No. 111.] 


Ant. Vist to Pepys. I cannot sufficiently thank you for 
past help. Let me be protected from the troubles which may 
happen to me by other debts which I have contracted. I desire 
this, not out of any fraudulent design against my creditors, but to 
be enabled to deserve your kindness by a performance of my duty, 
and to give my creditors satisfaction. [Jbid. No. 112.] 


Wm. Acworth to the Navy Commissioners. I never hold myself 
possessed of hemp on behalf of his Majesty, until it is aboard the 
vessel that is to transport it, nor ever was so stupid as to give 
the merchant a bill for a pound, till I had the master’s hand 
to all I could charge bim with, and the master workman’s hand 
to the bill for the quality. The master complained that he was 
pressed, and was backward in taking it in all along; otherwise the 


1669. 


Jan. 18. 
Stourbridge, 


Jan. 18. 


Jan. 18. 


Jan. 18. 


Jan. 18. 
Letter Office. 


Jan. 19. 


Portsmouth. 


Jan. 19. 
Deal. 


79380. 


CHARLES II. 161 


merchants need not have lost above 207. by the drying of the 
11 bundles. He might have seen the weight had he pleased, but 
not 1 in 20 but trusts as to that. I have done with him as with all 
others, and will swear to the weight. The loss must be from his 
deck, as it is owned by him to be in his possession, and if 5 tons had 
been stolen he must have answered it; if he were not satisfied, why 
did he give his hand? He might have sent a whole lighter-full 
back, as well as part. I hope my reputation is as good as his, The 
Portsmouth officers may give satisfaction as to whether he had water 
in the hold or not. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 254, No. 113.] 


Rob. Foley to the Navy Commissioners. The goods that I 
serve into the stores are not the usual sorts or sizes that merchants 
buy, and are besides marked with the broad arrow, and prohibited 
by you to be sold to others ; they are cheaper than his late Majesty 
bought by contract. You make an abatement for ready money ; 
I refer to you to make what abatement is reasonable upon every 
bill paid according to his Royal Highness’s warrant. I have been 
a great sufferer by running into debt to keep a quantity of goods in 
hand to supply the stores, and by staying so long for my money, 
and I hope that you will let me partake of the ready money; and 
that, as you took all Mr. Ingram’s goods, though unmarked, with 
some abatement, it may be no ill precedent to me, especially as I 
paid him the money long before I received it out of the customs. 
[Lbed. No. 114.] 


Grant to Walter Underhill, seri. and jun., and Sam. Walton, for 
14 years, of the sole use of their new invention for preserving and 
bringing salmon alive and well-conditioned to London, from New- 
castle and Berwick. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 4.] 


Warrant to the Master of the Great Wardrobe to pay to Lewis 
Grabu, Master of Music, 48l. 7s. 6d. for his livery for 3 years past, 
and to allow him 16l. 2s. 6d. yearly for livery. [Jbid.] 


Thos. Knightley to Williamson. I lately sent a person with a 
petition from a poor prisoner in Newgate [Marg. Griffith] who 
knows not how soon she may be transported; being entreated by 
her friends to get it answered, I desire you will get a positive order, 
when all fees will be paid. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 254, No. 115.] 


A. Ellis to Williamson. I have received the despatch for Lord 
Robartes, and required the principal otficer to deliver it and return an 
account. I beg you will meet Messrs. Cook and Wilkes at my 
hermitage to eat a goose. [Ibid. No. 116.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Several Dutch merchant ships, 
homeward bound, have been forced into St. Helen’s road by contrary 
winds. The Roe ketch has arrived to attend the Portland, which 
has sailed for the Groyne. Sir Lawrence Van Heemskirk is come to 
see to the fitting out of the Nonsuch. [Ibid. No. 117.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. The gold taken from the ship that 
ran ashore near Deal was sent by the Governor of Dover Castle 
with a good guard to Whitehall. [Tbid, No. 118.] 

L 


162 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. - 
Jan. 19. Report by John Evelyn, and 2 other commissioners for prisoners 
of war and sick and wounded soldiers, to Lord Arlington, as to the 
allowances made to French prisoners during the war, from 2d. to 4d. 


a day. [Damaged. S.P. Domy Cur. TI. 254, No. 119.] 


Jan. 19. The King to the Commissioners of Sewers for Hatfield Chace. 
We hear that the participants in the level of the Chace, to whom in 
June last we entrusted the preservation of navigation, and of the 
inheritance of the inhabitants, contrary to the contract made with 
the late King, have neglected the works, whereby some are become 
ruinous and decayed ; and that on pretext of our previous orders, 
the said participants suspend the orders of the commissioners for 
repair of the same, discharge the tenants from payment of moneys 
assessed upon them, and refuse to deliver up the records. To avoid 
further misconstruction, we require you our commissioners to proceed 
in the due execution of your commission, and provide for the pre- 
servation of the said level, and the parts of the counties adjoining 
thereto, anything in our previous letter notwithstanding. [SIZ 
Dom., Entry Book 25, p. 81.] > 


Jan. 19. Warrant for Isaac Perrot, an alien, to be made a free denizon. 
Minute. [Zbid. p. 82.] 


Jan. 19, Reference to the Attorney-General of the petition of the Brewers’ 
Whitehall. Company, for confirmation of their charter, with alterations and 
additions. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 3.] 


Jan, 19. Edw. Sherburne and Jonas Moore to the Navy Commissioners. 
Ordnance Let us have an account of stores made chargeable on our office from 
Office. any of the King’s yards and stores, to whom they were delivered, 
and where and what indent or receipt was given for them.  [S.P. 

Dom., Car, II, 254, No. 120.] 


Abstract of the value of provisions, &c., issued out of the stores 
at Deptford, Woolwich, Chatham, and Portsmouth, on the 
ordnance account, for building and repairs, from 1 Sept. 
1664. Total, 2,594/. 5s. 1d.—1 May 1669. [Ibid. No. 1201] 


Jan. 20, Certificate by J. Davies and Edm. Poortmans, that they find 2 bills 
Brooke House. of imprest of 50,0001. each, charged in Sir George Carteret’s 
account for 1665 on Sir Denis Gauden ; they were dated 28 Nov. 
1665, but are entered in the ledger by mistake under 15 June 1665. 

[Zbid. No. 121.] 


Jan. 20. Capt. Walter Perry to the Navy Commissioners. Are we to 
The Emsworth, continue here? If so, I request a supply of provisions, having but 
opnan.. Ty days’ supply on board. Only one vessel has come from Rouen 
within Holebaven, which is stopped on the quarantine. {Jbid. 

No. 122.] 


Jan. 20. Sir George Downing to Williamson. I have moved the Lords of 
Whitehall. the Treasury about the Darley tithes, wherein Mr. Thomas, 
Mr. Carey, &c., are concerned, and have directions to pass a warrant ` 
for a lease, which shall be done with speed. [Jbid. No. 123.] 


Jan. 20. Thos. Holden to Williamson. The Berner of Havre de Grace and 
Falmouth, several other ships have arrived; the former reports that she was 


1669. 


Jan. 


Jan. 


Jan. 


Jan. 


Jan. 


Jan. 


~ Jan. 


Jan. 


Jan. 


Jan. 


20: 
20. 


20. 


20. 


20. 


20, 


20. 
20. 


20. 


21. 


Chester. 


Jan. 21. 


Custom House. 


CHARLES II. 163 


driven so far back to sea that they were in great distress for victuals 
and water, one man dying and several more being sick ; so that they 
intended running her ashore, had not the land proved a harbour. 
They saw a great ship at sea, which had spent all her masts, sup- 
posed to have been a King’s ship from Sir Thos. Allin; she has 
since come into Mount’s Bay. A Newcastle man, with Spanish 
wines, was cast away near the Lizard, and all her goods, with the 
master and one man, lost. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 254, No. 124.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Ibid. No. 125.] 


Commission for Basil Fielding to be ensign to Sir Phil. Musgrave’s 
company in Carlisle. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 20, p. 195.] 


Warrant to Sir Edw. Griffin to pay 10l. to Gideon Royer, for em- 
bellishing with arms, badges, &c., a letter sent to the Emperor of 
Russia, by Sir Peter Wyche, Envoy Extraordinary. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 26, f. 47.) ` 


Pass for Hemmet, ——-— Abdra, and — Hammond, 
Moors, natives of Barbary, to go into their own country. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 99.] 


Licence to Sir George Vyner to live out of Norfolk, where he is 
sheriff, he having no house in the county. Minute. [Zbid.] 


Licence for Sir Cuthbert Heron [Bart.] to be absent from North- 
umberland whilst sheriff, to attend some personal business; [S.P. 
Dom., Car. IT. 254, No. 126.] 


Minute of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f: 99:] 


Warrant to pay to Baptist May, Keeper of the Privy Purse, 
12,0000. for the said purse, without account. [Docquet, Vol. 24, 
No. 5.] 


Warrant to pay all sums of money, ordered by several privy seals 
to Hugh May, late Paymaster of the Works, but remaining unpaid, 
to Phil. Packer, now Paymaster of the Works. [Zbid.] 


Ma. Anderton to Williamson. The King’s pleasure boat Mury 
has arrived at Holyhead from Dublin, with Sir Winston Churchill, 
Sir Edw. Dering, Sir Allan Broderick, and Col. Cooke, Commis- 
sioners of the Court of Claims, also Rich. Cooke of his Majesty’s 
Bedchamber, brother to Col. Cooke. They brought with them 
6 packets which had been detained by the easterly winds. The 
John of London has sailed for Leghorn. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 254, 
No, 127.] 


Sir J. Wolstenholme to Williamson. I much commiserate the case 
of Rich. Pell and others using the trade of Iceland (?) which has been 
long depending, and waits the report of the Secretaries of State ; let 
it be made with expedition, as the persons have been great sufferers, 
and are lying at charge in expectation of a final order. [/bid. 
No. 128.] 

L 2 


164 


1669. 


Jan. 21. 
W bitehall. 


Jan. 21. 


Jan. 21. 
Whitehall. 


Jan. 21. 


Jan. 21. 


Portsmouth. 


Jan. 21. 


Portsmouth. 


Jan. 21. 


Harwich. 


LOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Petition of Marg. Griffith, prisoner in Newgate, to the King, that 
being ordered to be transported for a felony, she may be sent to 
Virginia, where she has a brother, and be allowed to serve with him, 
being too weak to undergo the hard servitude required by a 
stranger from a servant in foreign plantations. With reference 
thereon to the Lord Chief Justice, or the Recorder of London, who 
sat on the trial; and their report, dated 26 Jan., in favour of the 
petitioner, if she gives good security to go to Virginia. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 254, No. 129.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 4.] 


Petition of John Ludlow to the King, for a pardon. Stands con- 
victed for stealing to the value of 14s., though he never did it. Is 
20 years of age, and served as a soldier in the wars in Portugal 
against the Spaniards, where he received a wound in the head, and 
is forced to wear a skull plate of silver; his father was a great 
sufferer in his late Majesty’s service. With reference thereon to the 
Lord Chief Justice or Mr. Recorder, and the report of the latter, 
John Howell. The suggestions of the petitioner are true as to the 
small value of the goods stolen, and as to his age and wearing a 
plate, but I cannot learn whether he was a soldier, or his father a 
sufferer.—26 Jan. 1669. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 254, No. 130.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, 
p. 4] 


St. J. Steventon to the Navy Commissioners. As to the com- 
plaint of the Dutch captain, Sir Lawrence Van Heemskirk, against 
me, for not giving conduct money to all he sends with his note, I 
reply that he, not knowing the end of conduct money, which is to 
encourage seamen, gives his note to all that ask for conduct money 
from London, which I refuse to pay when I see they ‘are servants, 
and know they have not come from London. 

I hope I have discharged my duty by well husbanding the King’s 
money, and not paying where it is not due, which is the cause of 
his complaint. Pray acquaint his Royal Highness, that I may not 
be under censure by an untrue information. I sent all the bills for 
provisions to the Comptroller, and the persons concerned in them 


have been several times to receive them. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 254, 
No. 1381.] 


Capt. John Hubbard to the Navy Commissioners. Some men are 
come from London in the Pearl to the Milford under my command. 
I desire an order to the clerk of the cheque for entering them from 
the time they first came to the Pearl, according to Capt. Berry’s 
certificate, that they may have satisfaction without the making of so 
many tickets for so little time. [/bid. No. 182.] 


Capt. Silas Taylor to the Navy Commissioners. It is not with me 
as with other yards, where they have clerks belonging to all officers 
which assist in any exigency ; but I have been forced to have all my 
accounts of receipts and issues written in London, there being none 
to do it here; I have not long known of my obligation to write 


CHARLES II. 165 


1669. 
out the accounts for my predecessor, which has put me to much 
trouble. I left 2 or 3 books with my scribe when I came from 
London, and hope at my return in 2 or 3 weeks, to give Sir John 
Mennes full satisfaction. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 254, No. 133. 


Jan, 22. Roger Baker, purser of the Dartmouth, to the Navy Commis- 

Plymouth. sioners. At the last victualling at Portsmouth, being bound for 
Tangiers and the Canaries, I received all but the beer, and the 
frigate sailing to the Downs, I was forced to take up goods on credit 
in lieu of it, so I bought 2 pipes of wine. I was commanded by the 
captain on Christmas Day to issue a pint of sack to every man, and 
one pipe being out, to bring the other. On 19 Jan. he sent for me to 
his cabin, to know whether I would own the words I had sent up to 
him the day before, accounting for its disposal, when he gave me 200 
blows with his cane, and took me by the hair of my head, intending 
to dash my brains out, had not God prevented by his providence ; but 
he so mangled my face that I fear I shall lose an eye, and while I 
was under the doctor’s hands, he commanded the boatswain to clap 
me into the bilboes, atop of the forecastle, where I continued 
10 hours, being nailed down with a staple to the davit., 

When I was not able to subsist any longer, it being very frosty 
and tempestuous weather, the master commanded the weather sail 
to be taken from me, saying that if I would confess that I had 
wronged the captain, he would release me; on telling him I could 
not make myself guilty, he replied that I should lie there and rot; 
but the captain not being aboard, rather than I should perish there 
that night, he confined me to my cabin, with a sentinel, until 
the commander came on board. On his coming on board, he sent 
for the boatswain, and beat him about the head and face with his 
fist, the rest of the officers not daring to approach, as he threatened 
to have a council of war, and if it lay in his power, to have them 
hanged. 

I desire that justice may be done, in the first place, to his Majesty, 
the commander having been guilty of 9 instances of frauds detailed, 
and that satisfaction may be given for such great affronts. 

I have several other articles to send you, but my bones being 
almost broken, and having the use of only one eye, I was forced to 
desire a friend to write this letter. I would have sent it earlier, 
but it was so late before I came out of the bilboes, and I am still 
under restraint. [4 pages. Ibid. No. 134] Annexing, 


Certificate by Wm. Day, und 5 other officers of the Dartmouth, 
that Roger Baker having been in the bilboes most part of 
- the day, and the weather being cold, and he being in a weak 
condition, they have resolved for his present preservation— 
life being sweet, and Capt. [Rich.] Trevanion being ashore— 
to confine him to his cabin with a sentry, as accustomed, 
during the commanders pleasure.—19 Jan. 1669. [Ibid. 
No. 1341,] 
Jan. 22. Capt. John Holmes to the Navy Commissioners. His pro- 


Lenox yacht, visions will be expended in a week; shall expect further orders. 
Holehaven. [Ibid. No. 135.] 


166 


1669. 
Jan. 22, 


Dover. 


Jan. 22. 


Yarmouth. 


Jan. 22, 
Deal. 


Jan. 22, 
Plymouth. 


[Jan.] 22. 


' Whitehall, 


Jan, 22. 


Jan. 22. 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Jo. Carlisle to Rob. Francis. I beg your interest in behalf of my 
friend John Thomas, who is unjustly accused. of horsing strangers, 
and is in the messenger’s custody. As he is my deputy, the sooner 
he returns the better. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 254, No. 136.] 

Rich. Bower to Williamson. Upwards of 17 vessels have set sail 
for Lynn and Boston, and others have come in. [Jbid. No. 137.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. T'wo ships bound for Barbadoes, and 
one for Cadiz, are detained by contrary winds. [Zòid. No. 138.] 


John Clarke to Hickes, Pray write to various postmasters to 
hasten the mail, which comes in so late that the merchants get dis- 
pleased. [Zbid. No. 139.] 


Proclamation of the prices at which wines are to be sold for the 
ensuing year, as fixed by the Lord Keeper and others. [Ibid. 
No. 140.] 


Entry of the above. [Printed. Proc. Coll., p: 265.] 


Petition of George, Earl of Bristol, to the King. Though my 
services to his late and your present Majesty have been equalled by 
few, I left my recompense to the charge of the chief ministers, whom 
I thought my friends, but was disappointed until you were straitened 
by bounty to others. At length I proposed several suits for myself, 
none of which were refused by your Majesty, but none proved of 
benefit, except 10,000/. granted out of Mr. Heveningham’s estate for 
my daughter's portion. I request that—as my estates have not been 
restored, and I can no longer maintain my family with decency—the 
proposals presented by me may be referred to some of the chief 
ministers. | 

With reference thereon to the Lord Keeper, Lord Privy Seal, and 
two Principal Secretaries of State, and their report that the 10,0001. 
which was granted him from the forfeitures on prohibited goods 
imported was for service, but was withdrawn on tke King’s dis- 
pleasure towards him, and the money transferred to the Privy 
Purse; that he expects compensation for 16 or 17 years’ loss of a 
pension of 2,000/. a year granted to his late father from the Court 
of Wards, and for the loss of Lord Brooke’s wardship ; they advise 
the renewal of his grant of 10,000/. from prohibited goods, and 
establishment of his pension of 2,0000., so that after his eminent 
services, he may be comfortable the remainder of his life. With 
marginal notes [by Lord Arlington]. [S.P. Dom., Cur. IT. 254, 
Nos. 141, 142.], Annexing, 

Statement of the pretensions of the Earl of Bristol :—1st, to a 
debt of 10,0001. for moneys due to him, for which he had a 
privy seal drawn on the Customs, but owing to disputes with 
the Customers, he never received the money ; 2nd, for satis- 
faction for a balance of 2,0001. for the remaining term of æ 
pension granted to his late father from the Court of Wards, 
for which he requests a lease of lands ; 3rd, for reparation for 
the wardship of Lord Brooke, the only profitable thing 
assigned him, but which he lost by the abolition of the Court 
of Wards. [34 pages. Ibid. No. 1421,] ‘i a 


1669. 
Jan. 22. 


Jan. 23. 


Jan. 23. 
Whitehall. 


Jan. 23. 


Whitehall. 


Jan. 23. 


Deal. 


Jan 23. 
Chester. 


Jan. 23; 


Lyme. 


Jan. 23. 


Bristol. 


Jan. 23. 
Feb. 2. 


Montpelier. 


CHARLES It. 167 


Suggestions to remedy the dearness of timber, by throwing open 
the trade to all, allowing its import in any vessels, charging the 
English only such duties as they paid before the Act of Navigation, 
and permitting them to import what they choose in any ships, but 
confining foreigners to woods of their own growth; showing the 
advantages thereof in bringing back the trade to the English, and 
giving life to house-building and ship-building. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 
254, No. 143.] 


Statements to prove that the effect of the Act of Navigation has 
been to throw the timber trade into the hands of the Danes ; that 
the high price of timber takes money from the English, many of 
them sufferers from the late grievous fire, and gives it to Danes; 
advising that the trade be thrown open, and showing the importance 
of cheap timber, especially for rebuilding the city. [14 pages. 
Ibid. No. 144.] 


Warrant to Sir Gilbert Talbot, master of the Jewel House, to 
grant a discharge to Wm. Dike, serjeant of the scullery, for 
1,270} oz. of plate lost or wasted in the King’s service, from the 
Restoration to 21 Jan. 1667-8, the-plate having been employed in 
hazardous services, as the coronation, feasts of St. George, &e., and 
the waste not being so great as on like occasions formerly. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 25, p. 82.] 


Order for a warrant to Dudley Rows, receiver of the revenues of 
Windsor Castle, to pay 100/. to John Lawrence, and for the same 
to be allowed in his accounts. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 26, f. 44.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Above 100 bales of canvas and 
Holland duck, and several other goods, value 200/., have been washed 
onto the beach, supposed to have come from the Goodwin Sands, 
or the wreck near Deal Castle. The boisterous weather continues. 


[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 254, No. 145.] 


Ma. Anderton to Williamson. The Resolution and 2 others have 
been lost on the coast of Ireland, but nearly ali their men were 
saved. Your postmasters of North Wales are much to blame, as 
they never send our Beaumaris or Conway letters, until the Irish 
mail comes over. [Jbid. No. 146.] 


Ant. Thorold to James Hickes. The Mary from St. Malo reports 
that there is no sign of a breach there with the Dutch or English, 
the trade being carried on amicably with the vessels of both. 
[Lbid. No. 147.] 


John Roche and Chris. Baynes to Laurence Du Puy, Mall House, 
St. James’. We met Mr. Beanes on our arrival here, but when we 
waited upon the Mayor, he put us off. There are others here with 
pricking lotteries; we do not know their names, nor by what 
authority they act, only we- fear it will be an obstruction to 
your interest if permitted. We have had our bill paid on sight, 
and will send a just account of our charges, &c. [Zbid. No. 148.] 


W. Allestree to [Williamson]. The great ship St. Louis Royal 
is almost finished at Toulon, and seems to grace that port as well as 


168 


1669, 


Jan. 23. 


Jan 23. 


Portsmouth. 


Jan. 23. 


Jan. 24, 
Garland, 
Downs. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


the Louvre does Paris. She is 147 feet in length by 13 in breadth, 
and has 3 whole decks, all so high that the most proper man may 
stand upright under them, and yet not reach the top by a span. 
She carries 110 brass guns, of 24, 18, and 12 lbs, and is to have 
1,000 men. Her cabins are so glorious and shining that they seem 
rather made for diversion than fighting, and so beautified with 
pictures, as if she were that way charmed against the force of 
bullets. Her stern is adorned with such gilt and carved work, and 
the King set there in so great pomp and majesty, with slaves in 
chains at his feet, that he seems to triumph over captive Barbary 
before he has put to sea. The faults which persons of judgment 
find are that she is much too high- for her length, that her guns 
are too small, and that she will never sail well. 

I intend to leave these parts in 3 months, spend some time on the 
river Loire, and from thence to Paris and London. I have very 
little news; as I have obeyed your counsels and commands in 
coming into France, I hope Lam not banished from your thoughts. 
[l4 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 254, No. 149.] 


Sir John Mennes to Pepys. I had some discourse with Lord 
Brouncker and Sir Wm. Warren, about the freight and hire of the 
Golden Sun, which went to Portsmouth or Plymouth in 1666; I 
want further information on several points given before our next 
meeting on Tuesday, when I hope the case will have a final deter- 
mination, by seeing his Majesty have right done him, as well as 
the merchant. [ZIbid. No. 150.] Encloses, 


S. Pepys to Sir Wm. Warren. I have been with Sir Wm. 
Coventry about your ship, and we will give you satisfaction 
Jor her service, but she must be in a condition to sail in two 
days. I have written to Mr. White to assist in getting men, 
and enclose a letter from Sir Wm. Coventry to the Governor 
of the Castle to assist him.—27 July 1666, [Copy. Ibid. 
No. 1501] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. We docked the 
Fairfax and Advice, which are very defective, having been in many 
engagements, where their timbers were cut almost in pieces. If we 
are to go in hand with them, we shall require 500 thick spruce 
deals; meantime we shall employ the men with what we have 
in the yard, I desire that the ships committed to my care may be 
put into repair to proceed to service when required, but meantime 
6 of the ships here are not to be reckoned. If I have a supply 
of things wanted, I hope to give content in their despatch before 
the summer passes. [14 pages, Ibid. No. 151.] 


Col. B. Reymes to Pepys. Had the Board met, Lord Brouncker 
promised to move you in my small business. Pray speak to him 
and Sir John Mennes about it, that I may find the effects of 
your favour in so just a debt, contracted for so good an end as the 
promoting the manufacture of English sail cloth. [Zbid. No. 152.] 


Capt. Rich. Rooth to the Navy Commissioners, I received the 
credit for 1007. at Tangiers, for supplying myself with a month’s 


1669. 


Jan. 24. 


Dover. 


Jan. 24. 


Jan. 25, 


Jan. 25. 


Falmouth, 


Jan. 25. 


Lyme. 


Jan. 25. 


Bristol. 


Jan. 25. 
Milford. 


Jan. 25. 


Jan. 25. 
Plymouth. 


CHARLES II. 169 


provisions at Cadiz, which I was constrained to take up by my long 
stay before Sally. I hope to arrive in London suddenly, for the 
season has prevented longer stay on the coast of Barbary. I have 
left the Francis to attend the garrison of Tangiers, and sailed from 
Cadiz with the Success, 31 Dec. The Garland requires repair, 
having sprung a leak, which stopped again of itself; if his 
Royal Highness shall order her in, I beseech that it may be up to 
Deptford. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 254, No. 153.] 


Jo, Carlisle to Williamson. I repeat my request on behalf of my 
deputy, John Thomas, falsely charged with horsing strangers, and 
desire his despatch, as I am ill. I hear that the French King is 
drawing his forces out of Flanders to Lorraine, and that he has 
sent to the General of Flanders to deliver up Nieuport, and its 
appendages, otherwise he will have them; it is believed the Duke 
de Lorraine’s forces will serve the King of France. A French 
shallop has come in which had nearly been cast away; the master 
was drowned. [Jbid. No. 154.] » 


Sir M. d’Ognati to [Williamson]. I sympathize so with the 
Abbé of Tulay, that I shall not be better till he has recovered his 
health. I am to be bled this afternoon. Please send me the order 
for despatch of the wines, that I may show the [Spanish] Ambassador 
that I have credit with you. [French. Ibid. No. 155.] 


Warrant for 30 tuns of wine, half French and half Spanish, free 
of custom, for the Condé de Molina, the Spanish Ambassador. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 102.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. The Rebecca and Harp have arrived 
from France for Ireland ; 15 sail of merchantmen left the harbour. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II, 254, No. 156.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. The Windsor and Sarah have arrived 
from Morlaix, and report that the French are making great 
preparations for war, both by sea and land, having 40,000 men 
ready for march, and listing more daily; also that beside ships 
already built, they have several others of great force upon the stocks. 
There are few Dutch ships in any of the French ports, and a breach 
is expected early in the spring, [Zbid. No. 157.] 


James Baskerville to Williamson. The Mary and the John and 
Henry have arrived from the Straits. The former, on weighing her 
anchor, had her capstan give way, so that what with the bars and 
cable, most of the ship's company were borne down. One man was 
killed, the master’s leg and thigh were broken, and several others 
were grievously wounded., [Jbid No. 158.] l 


John Powell to Williamson. A ship from Bordeaux, laden with 
wines, has put in here by contrary winds; also one from Spain 
laden with the same. {Zbid. No. 159.] 

Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 160.] 

John Clarke to Hickes. The Dartmouth and the ships for 
the East have sailed with a fair wind; some ships bound for 
Bordeaux, the Straits, and Barbadoes have arrived. [Jbid. No. 161.] 


170 


1669. 


Jan. 25. 
Deal. 


Jan. 25. 
Treasury 
Chambers. 


Jan. 26. 
Woolwich. 


Jan. 26. 


Jan. 26. 
Jan. 26. 


[Jan. 26.] 


Jan se 6 3 
Plymouth. 


Jan. 26. 
i Jan. 26. 


Jan. 26. 
Co[ventry]. 


Jan. 27. 


Jan 27. 
Rye, 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. The John of London, with a 
quantity of Canary wine, ran aground on the Goodwin, when her 
company left her, except two children, after which she fired, and 
is now burning. It is said that there are two chests of gold dust, 
and much other gold, as also elephants’ teeth, and other rich .com- 
modities on board. Great boats are going off to her assistance. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 254, No. 162.] 


Sir George Downing to the Navy Commissioners. The Lords 
Commissioners desire you to be here on Wednesday by 9 a.m., 
about perfecting the victuallers’ contract. [Zbid. No. 1638.] 


Giles Bond, Master of the Hope galliot, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. I desire you to order me some provisions, as my vessel 


will be launched to-day, and ready by the end of the week. 
bid. No. 164.] 


Warrant for permitting Robert Andrews, sheriff of Northamp- 
tonshire, to live out of the county, being so advised for his health, 
he taking care that the service be not prejudiced thereby.. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 102.] 


Pass for 2 horses to Holland. [Zbid.] 


Warrant to the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, to grant to 
Edw. Vernon the offices of keeper and ranger of Marchington 
Ward in Needwood Forest, co. Stafford, during his life, and the 
lives of George Vernon and Rich. Adderly, on his surrender of 
a similar grant made by the late King to his father, Sir Edw. 
Vernon; fee 6l. 13s. 4d. and allowances for hay, &c., for the deer. 
[Zbid.] 

Warrant to Capt. Dowghty to preserve the game in the manor 
of Richmond. Minute. [Zbid. f. 103.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. The Mary and Jane from Jamaica has 
arrived ; the Dartmouth frigate is still in this port, and other ships 
are waiting wind. [S P. Dom., Car. TI. 254, No. 165.] 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 166.] 


Sir John Marlay to [Williamscn]. I hope my age and lameness 
will excuse my non-attendance. Pray entreat Lord Arlington to 
solicit his Majesty to refer my petition to the Treasury Commis- 
sioners. [Jbid. No. 167.] 


Ralph Hope to Rob. Francis. Ihave missed my [news] letters for 
3 posts ; let me know the reason why I do not deserve your courtesy, 
and I will amend anything that disentitles me. [Zbid. Vo. 168.] 


Ralph Bostock to Rob. Francis. Hearing that there are several 
vacancies as land waiters in the Custom House, if you bave any 
interest with the Farmers, | beg that you will use it on my be- 
half, and I will freely give 201, [Jbid. No. 169.] 


James Welsh to Williamson. M. de Foy, the French Ambassador’s 
servant, still lies in the prison here ready to perish, having nothing 


1669. 


Jan. 27. 
Woolwich. 


Jan. 27. 


` Portsmouth. 


Jan. 28. 


Portsmouth, 


Jan. 28. 
Woolwich. 


Jan. 28. 


CHARLES II. 171 


y 


but straw to keep him from thè extremity of the weather, and only 
the charity of the people to feed on. If you can, let the Ambassador 
know of it, as it will tend much to his dishonour if Foy should 
perish, for want of a supply to satisfy a debt contracted’ upon 
account of his voyage over to England to serve him. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 254, No. 170.] 


Wm. Acworth to the Navy Commissioners. There were 21 casks 
of several sorts of ironwork: in the storehouse, received from 
Portsmouth, in one of which were 100 dozen of Dutch rings, and 
30 dozen of hinges ; but it was broken open by the labourers, and the 
goods taken away. I desire that the wages of two of them, named 
Knight and Kent, may be stopped until the delinquents are dis- 
covered, the value of the rings and hinges taken away amounting 
to 13l. 10s. [Zbid. No. 171.] j 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. The works on 
the new ship, and also on the Fairfax, Advice, &c., depend upon 
a supply of plank; your answer that as soon as money can be had, 
care shall be taken for a supply, will be too late, except it be pre- 
sently done, as were money here, there are not 10 loads of plank 
in this ccuntry, except Mr. Coles’, whose goods are not so good as 
you would expect, nor will he let you have them unless he has 
payment of former moneys due, as well as ready money; so we 
must either be supplied from London, discharge the men, or be 
contented that they shall stand still. If no plank already cut can 
be had, plank cut green out of timber purchased this spring will 
not be fit. to work until the end of summer; the using of such 
wood is the real cause of so many ships being bad. Money must 
be had, and an assurance made by contract with whomever I can 
find, to supply timber and convert it to plank. If you cannot 
make good 1,0007. or 2,000/. for this, a great deal more must be 
speedily provided to pay off the men. [8 pages. Ibid. No. 172.] 


Capt. John Tinker to the Navy Commissioners. We will give all 
possible despatch to the fitting of the Nonsuch and Pearl for the 
Straits; we want shovels. The Milford will sail to-day. - [Ibid. 
No. 173.] 


Edw. Byland to Pepys, We have launched the Katherine 
and Anne yachts, and the Hope hoy, and docked the Jersey and 
Wevénhoe ketch; but the dock being small, we put the hoy out 
again, and laid ways for launching her. I want orders to go in 
hand with the Jersey, which I will fit with such provisions as the 
yard affords, or as you please to send; we want a new mainmast 
from Deptford for her. We intend heaving up the mooring lighter, 
which was damaged by the frost. The reed in Ham Creek is worth 
20/., and the charge of cutting and bringing it over will amount 
to 6l. 10s. [Ibid. No. 174.] 


The King to the Governors of the Charterhouse. We request 
you to admit William, son of Eliz. Thompson, a scholar on 


172 


1669. 


Jan. 28. 


Jan. 28. 


Jan. 28. 


Jan. 29. 


Jan. ? 


Jan. ? 


Jan. ? 


Jan. ? 


Jan, 29. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


the Charterhouse, on the first vacancy after placing those already 
recommended. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 84.] 


John Snell to Williamson. The Lord Keeper has caused the 
great seal to be affixed to the instrument sent, but doubts whether 
Legato or Ambassadori ought not to be inserted for Oratori ; 
the words are “apud magnum Ducem Hetrurie oratori.” You. 
are to look at the copy of that commission, and see by what name 
the party resides there. Endorsed “The commission to Sir John 
Finch.” [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 254, No. 175.] 


Gilbert Thomas to Williamson. I have made inquiries after 
Howard Coney, and send a description of his person. ([Jbid. 
No. 176.] 

Capt. Henry Spencer to Rob. Leigh, Dublin. I received the Lord 
Deputy’s warrant, and your letter to Sir George Rawdon, for appre- 
hending Coney for a robbery at Whitehall. As Sir George has 
gone to Dublin, and Coney has removed from his habitation, I 
return the letter, but will keep the warrant, and use my best 
endeavours to find him. Had the letter come 24 hours earlier, the 
man might have been got, as I saw him the day before [Jbid. 
No. 177.] 


Col. Walter Slingsby to Williamson. You may perceive, from 
those who were with you yesterday, how apt some men are to stand 
in their own light. Since a few widows are to be admitted, and 
as the bearer, Mrs. De Luc, deserves beyond expression, I earnestly 
hope his lordship will signify his design to have her admitted, 
and then leave it to me to manage. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 255, 
No. 1.] 

Petition of Rob, Underwood, father of Dorothy Kirk, nurse of 
the late Duke of Cambridge, to the King, for a letter to the 
Governors of Sutton’s Hospital, to admit him on the next vacancy. 
Had an estate of 1501. a year before the late troubles, but lost much 
by aiding the loyal party, and buried his wife and most of his family 
and tenants in the late contagion. [Jbid. No. 2.] 


Petition of the same to the Duke of York, to the same effect. 
Mbid. No. 3.] 


Petition of the same to Lord Arlington, a Governor of Sutton’s 
Hospital, for a letter to Sir Ralph Sydenham, master, to admit 
him on the present vacancy; no letter is before his, and he has 
spent all he has in looking after the place; lost many hundred 
pounds by his loyalty during the usurpation. [bid. No. 4.] 


Statement by Rob, Underwood, that he thinks the Charterhouse 
Governors would have admitted him, but he could not readily 
answer their questions, and Lord Arlington told him that he was 
not qualified, being neither soldier, servant, nor sufferer for the 
ee j whereas he really lost 6007., spent for the loyal party. [Zbid. 

0. 5. 


The King-to the Governors of the Charterhouse. We recommend 
Rob, Underwood, reduced by loyalty from a competent estate to 


1669. 


[Jan. 29.] 
[ Whitehall.} 


Jan. 29. 


Jan. 29. 


Jan. 29. 


Jan. 29. 


Jan. 29. 


Jan. 
Jan, 29. 


Bristol. 


Jan. 29. 
The Milford, 
Spithead. 


CHARLES II, 173 


great decay, for the next pensioner’s place void after those already 
recommended. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 17, p. 279.] 


Petition of Ralph Salkeld to the King, for pardon and release of 
his fortune, forfeited because in Aug. 1664, after the prohibition for 
any who had served against the King in the late usurpation to wear | 
arms, he reproved Rich. Ogle of Eglingham, Northumberland, for 
appearing with his sword, and a quarrel arising, gave him a slight 
wound, through neglect of which he died. Has lost his right arm 
since, in war against the Dutch. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 255, No. 6.] 

Reference of the above petition to the Attorney-General. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 6.] 

Presentation of David Lawrence to the vicarage of Maker, 


co. Devon, void by resignation of Rob. Warren. Minute. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 93.] 


Pass for six horses to France, for the Duke of Crequy. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, p. 70.] 


Grant to Thomas Segar of the office of Bluemantle Pursuivant- 
at-Arms, void by death of Rich. Hornybrooke; fee 20l. yearly. 
Minute. [Jbid. f. 103.] 

Docquet of the above, dated 18 Feb. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 13.] 

Warrant to the Sheriffs of London to allow Marg. Griffith, 
convicted of felony at the Old Bailey sessions and sentenced to 
transportation, to go and live with her brother, who is in Virginia, 
on giving security so to do; granted on her petition in compassion 
to her weakness. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 99.] 


Draft of the above, dated 27 Jan. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 255, No. 7.] 


Dan. Furzer to the Navy Commissioners. Thanks for your care 
of my condition, which was never at a lower ebb for want of 
money, by which means my credit is much impaired, and life made 
uncomfortable. I have been forced to leave Lydney, and come to 
Bristol, to engage my person as I formerly did my credit. 

I intended for London, and there to settle, but have no hopes 
of coming from these parts before men be satisfied. I owe Sir John 
Wintour, Mr. Clayton, and others, 400/. for iron for the wares sent 
and used up in the ships, and the shopkeepers here, of whom I had 
commodities for the St. David, Dartmouth, Richmond, and Harp, 
are so pressing for their money, that I cannot walk the streets in 
peace ; country and city are now too hot for me. Pray consider my 
sufferings and patience, and put an end to them. I would have been 
with you, but have not money to leave my family for their sub- 
sistence, or to defray my expenses up. The little stock I had is 
all out, and much more in credit on the King’s account, and I have 
not wherewith to do merchants’ work, or set myself and servants 
to work. It will be my utter ruin if I cannot get some stock. 
[14 pages. Ibid. No. 8.] 

Capt. Thos. Locke to Pepys. I have entered myself aboard the 
Milford, hoping you will obtain me some place, for I understand 
there are several ships going to sea. If I cannot have a command, 
let me have a cook’s place. [Zbid. No. 9.] 


174: 


1669. 
Jan. 30. 


Dover. 


Jan. 30. 


x Jan, 30 


Jan. 30. 
Roebuck, 
Downs. 


Jan. 30. 
Stockwith. 


Jan. 30. 
Deal. 


Jan. 30. 
Weymouth. 


Jan. 30. 
Pembroke. 


Jan. 31. 
Deal, 


Jan. 31. 
Deal. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Thos. White to Pepys. I beseech you to move the Board 
for arrears of money due to me and others; we are in extra- 
ordinary want, which makes the poor men impatient, and they 
exclaim against me. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 255, No. 10.] 


List by Wm. Burroughes of the pursers and their ships who have 
not passed their accounts, or brought in their books in order 
thereto. [9 pages. Ibid. No. 11.] 


- List by the same of 25 pursers who are in debt on their accounts, 
and do not appear to pay the balance. [Jbzd. No. 12.] 


Capt. George Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. I sent up by 
the Garland the anchor, cable, and rope, and shall send their dimen- 


. sions by the next post. Capts. Strickland and Rooth, with their 


frigates, sailed yesterday, and Capt. Trevanion, with the Dartmouth, 
came in last night. [Zbid. No. 13.] 


John Russell to the Navy Commissioners. A great land flood 
on the 26th floated the timber in the marshes and on the wharf, 
some of which went adrift. I will attend you when it is drawn to- 
gether. I have sent two of the hoys to Woolwich and Deptford, 
and enclose their bills of lading. I desire you to order the masters 
to be more careful in stowing their timber. [Jbid. No. 14.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. I have been filled with employment 
by the Guinea ship, which struck on the Goodwin Sands, and after 
the men had left her, fired, and drove 4 or 5 miles northward. The 
seamen ventured out in boats, and fetched away most of the 
elephants’ teeth, and some dyeing wood, which was the principal 
cargo. The wreck where the soldiers had the command comes to so 
poor account that the merchants have resolved to leave off inquiry 
here, and make their address: to Whitehall, for satisfaction for what 
the soldiers have purloined. The whole discourse is of a war with 
France, but those of better judgment pray for peace.  [Lbid. 
No. 15.] 


John Pocock to Hickes. I hear by a vessel from Bayonne that 
8 frigates of 40 and 50 guns each have been launched, that 4 more 
are ready, and that they are building in all parts of France. [Jbid. 
No. 16.} 


John Powell to Williamson. The fair winds on Wednesday last 
brought out all the vessels in Milford, except the Agnes of Leith 
with wines from Bordeaux. [Jbid. No. 17.] 


Rich. Watts to Rob. Francis. Pray speak to Mr. Williamson to 
intluence Lord Arlington on my behalf, that I may regain my 
former employment as surveyor. The Guinea wreck will not be 
much out of the company’s way, as they are recovering most part 


of the goods, and the commander, officers, and seamen lose their 
wages. [Jbid. No. 18.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. When I was dismissed from my 
surveyorship, the Farmers of the Customs bade me complain against 


1669. 


Jan. 31. 
Rushton. 


Jameel 


Portsmouth. 


Jan. 31. 


Portsmouth, 


[Jan.] 


[Jan.] 


CHARLES II. 175 


Marsh that put me out, if I could find aught against him. I senda 
copy of the articles which I have against him, and will send another 
copy to Mr. Snow, who will present them in private to the 2 alder- 
men. I have assurance from Mr. Snow, my Lord of Canterbury’s 
treasurer, that Alderman Backwell and Sir Rob. Vyner take great 
notice of the trick that was played me, by thrusting me out with- 
out any complaint, and have assured him they will suddenly take 
notice of our ports, and remember me. My whole business now is 
to make Sir John Wolstenholme and Sir John Shaw my friends. 
Pray speak to them on my behalf, as it was by your favour 
I first got the employment. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 255, No. 19.] 
Annexing, 


Eight articles of complaints by Rich. Watts, against Barth. 
Marsh, surveyor at Deal, for buying exciseable articles of 
several persons named on board ships, and evading payment 
of the duties.—29 Jan. 1669. [14 pages. Ibid. No. 191.] 


G. Blount to [Williamson]. Both myself and wife have felt the 
good effects of your writing to Col. O’Brien and Lady Thomond, 
and are glad to hear the Colonel owns the debt to you; as he 
desires to know to whom he is to pay it, my wife desires it may 
be paid to you, when the bonds, judgments, &c., and a discharge 
from Rouse and Meurrill, to whom the bond was made by my cousin, 
shall be delivered up to you. Mr. Buxton will have nothing to do 
with them, but upon payment of the debt to you, we will free him 
by giving up his engagements. I have sent for the account, and 
when received, will forward it. With a note by M. Blount, thanking 
him for his interference. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 20.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. ,The Milford is ordered to the 
Groyne, to attend the young Duke of Tuscany; the Portland, for- 
merly intended for that service, has come in to refit, having lost her 
masts. The Pearl has received orders to carry a packet to Sir Thos. 
Allin. The Dartmouth, that was appointed convoy for the Canaries, 
rides in St. Helens; she came from Cadiz, and touched at Tangiers, 
where all things are in good condition. [Jbid. No. 21.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. I give you par- 
ticulars as to how far you may depend on the instrument men- 
tioned by Lord Brouncker, and what he will be expected to perform 
and be responsible for, being borne as a shipwright. I hope you 
have taken some course for speedily supplying plank, deals,’ and 
other goods, of which I have so great a want. [12 pages. Ibid. 
No. 22.] 


Account by B. St. Michel, muster master, of 40 ships mustered by 
him in the Downs, between Aug and Dec.1668; crews from 288 to 
39: total men, 4,078; runaways, 1,556; also of weekly payments 
made by him in relation thereto, between July 1668 and the January 
following. [23 pages. Ibid. No. 23.] 


Memorandum that Alice, Duchess Dudley, who died at her house 
near St. Giles’ Church, Holborn, 22 Jan. 1668-9, in her lifetime gave 
for the augmentation of 6 vicarages named in co. Warwick, 20/. yearly 


176 


[Jan.] 


Jan. ? 


Jan. 
Saturday. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


apiece for ever; also to the same churches, and several others, divers 
large pieces of plate, to be used at the celebration of the Sacrament. 
That she gave to the church of St. Giles the greatest bell in the 
steeple, and divers great pieces of massive plate ; paved the chancel 
with marble, built the fair blue gate at the entrance to the church- 
yard, and purchased a fair house of 307. a year value, for the perpetual 
incumbent. She also gave the hangings for the choir, which cost 
801. 10s.; 2 service books, embroidered in gold, 5/.; a velvet altar 
cloth with gold fringe, 60/.; a cambric cloth to lay over it, with a 
deep bone lace, 4/. 10s.; another fine damask cloth, 3/.; 2 cushions 
for the altar, richly embroidered with gold, 10t. ; a Turkey carpet to 
lay before the altar, 6/.; a long screen to sever the chancel from the 
church, richly carved and gilt, 200/.; a fair organ, 100/.; the organ 
loft, richly wrought and gilt, and a tablet of the 10 commandments, 
the Creed, and Lord’s Prayer, richly adorned, 80/.; the rails before 
the altar, curiously carved and gilt, 40/. She also gave 100/. to- 
wards the repair of the steeple at St. Sepulchre’s without Newgate, 
which was much defaced by the woeful fire. 

By her will she bequeathed 100/. a year for ever for the redemp- 
tion of Christian captives out of the hands of the Turks; 1007. for 
ever to the poor of the parish of Stoneley and 7 other parishes 
named; 4001. for the purchase, of lands in augmentation for the 
maintenance of the poor in the almshouse near St. Giles’ Church ; 
and 200/. for placing out poor apprentices ; 50/. to be distributed to 
poor people on the day of her funeral ; 5l. to each place where her 
body should rest in its passage from London to Stoneley, in War- 
wickshire, where she has a noble monument, erected divers years 
since, of black and white marble, which cost above 3001. ; also 6d. 
apiece to every indigent person meeting her corpse on the road 
from London to Stoneley. [14 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 255, 
No. 24. See pp. 208, 209, enfra.] 


Petition of Zachary Browne to the Duke of York, for such 
consideration as he shall think fit, being wholly deprived of the 
use of his left hand by an engagement with the French at 
Martinique, while commander of the Assistance. [Ibid. No. 25.] 
Enclosing, 


Certificate by J. Pearse, Surgeon-General, to the truth of the 
above petition.—17 Jan. 1669. [Ibid. No. 251.] 


Petition of Mary, wife of Robert Everard, prisoner in the Gate- 
house, Westminster, to Lord Arlington, that her husband may be 
removed to King’s Bench Prison, or otherwise relieved ; for want of 
means, he is in the lower ward, where he has been a month, and it 
is so noisome that his life is in danger. [Jbid. No. 26.] 


Thos. Corney to Williamson. For God’s sake see what may be 
done in my business, as I am reduced to that low ebb that I am 
ashamed to stir abroad, having had all my clothes stolen out of my 
lodging ; and yet I have a friend who will advance anything for 
the getting of this place for a livelihood for me. The situation is 
in the disposal of the Ordnance Commissioners, and may be had 
with one word from his lordship. [Zbid. No. 27.] 


1669. 


Jan. ? 


Jan. 


Jan. ? 


Jan. 


Jan. 


Feb. 1. 


79380. 


CHARLES II. T77 


Thos. Fletcher to [Pepys]. Pray obtain me a bill of imprest, 
without which I cannot despatch the carved works of so many 
frigates as are now setting forth at Chatham. [S.P. Dom., Car. 
IT, 255, No, 28.] 

Lord St. John to Lord Arlington.. Pray offer Thos. Neale to his 
Majesty, as a deputy-lieutenant under my command, in the room of 
Lord Sandys, deceased. [Jbid. No. 29. This should have preceded 
the Declaration on Neales behalf, p. 159 supra.] 

Warrant for a grant to John, son of Sir John Skelton, of pardon, 
with restitution of goods, for killing Fras. Edgecombe. [Draft. 
Ibid. No. 29a.) 

Grant to Wm. Legge, page of honour, of a pension of 1201. a year. 
[Docquet, Vol, 24, No. 8.] 

Lists sent by Mor. Lodge, of Deal, to Williamson, of ships in the 
Downs during the month, as follows :— 


f 

Me 255, Date. | King’s. Merchant. Wind 

0. 
| 

30 Jan. 1 2 | 12 N.N.W 
31 a y 2 13 N.E. 
32 po 2 9 N.W. 
33 po 2 6 S.E. 
34 RLD 2 6 E. 
35 a 8 | 2 é E. 
36 me he | 1 6 E. 
37 ots} | Ei 6 N.W. 
38 AS 1 1 E 
39 1G) 1 1 E. 
40 il 1 1 E. 
41 To 1 1 E. 
42 ens 1 H N.E. 
43 | » 14 2 — W. 
44 oe 2 = E. 
45 5 UG 1 — W. 
46 a aller 1 — H 
47 RTS 1 1 S.W. 
48 ay 20) 1 5 N.N.W. 
49 pce L 3 S. 
50 „ 22 1 5 S. 
51 ry 2B 1 6 S.W. 
52 PAZA 1 5 S.W. 
53 TEOS 3 3 E.S.E. 
54 > 26 3 6 N. 
55 ap OH! 3 2 NE: 
56 EOR 3 4 S.E. 
57 P29 1 5 W. 
58 0 2 11 N.W. 
59 A ENI 1 18 W.N.W. 


Certificate by Herbert, Bishop of Hereford. Mr. Willis has been 
presented to the vicarage of Kingston by the Countess of Dysart, 
the supposed lawful patroness, and is hindered from institution by a 
caveat entered by Mr. Ramsey, who pretends a title thereto; but as 
the bishop of the diocese has appointed Mr. Willis to officiate there 
until the right patronage is determined, he cannot do so without 
hazarding his other living of Dinton by non-residence. I con- 
ceive that as Mr. Willis is chaplain to his Majesty, by virtue of 
a statute made for the purpose, the King may grant him a 


178 


1669. 


Feb, 1. 


Feb. 1. 


Yarmouth. 
Feb. 1. 


Falmouth. 


Feb. 1. 


Feb. 1. 
Whitehall. 


Feb. 1. 
Whitehall. 


Feb. 1. 


Woolwich. 


Feb. 1. 
Roebuck, 
Downs. 


Feb. 2 


Lenox, 


Holehaven, 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


dispensation for residence on his other living, he providing a curate 
to be approved of by the bishop, to officiate at Kingston. [See 
5 Feb, infra. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 255, No. 60.] 


Dr. Henry Vinter to Williamson. My wife wishes you to taste a 
country dish, and sends you a chine of pork and a turkey. I call it 
a turkey because it has no fellow, but it had one before Reynard 
surprised her, and therefore we dare not keep this any longer, for 
fear she should follow her many brothers and sisters that have gone 
before her. I hear that Dr. Gillingham, prebend of Windsor, has 
been dead 5 weeks. I once supplied his month for him, and the 
charges attending, but shall not look to be repaid by succeeding him, 
hearing there is a mandate lying ready for the place. [Zbid. No. 61.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. Between 20 and 30 laden ships have 
arrived from Hull and Neweastle; several colliers are at anchor in 
the roads. [Zbid. No. 62.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. Arrival of the Ann from the Canaries 
with wine, the John and William bound for the Barbadoes, the 
Welcome of London from New England, with tobacco, sugar, &c., 
and the Elizabeth trom Dover, bound for Bordeaux. [/bid. No. 63.] 


The King to the Duke of York. Finding it an advantage to hire 
merchant vessels for convoys, rather than use ships of war, we 
authorize you to hire as many merchant vessels as will be required 
for the next summer. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 17, p. 280.] 


Recommendation to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition 
of Adam de Cardonnel, for continuance of his deputy in the office of 
customer at Southampton, he being obliged to attend to some affairs 
of his late brother in Normandy. The King is disposed to Sant it 
on account of the loyalty and useful services of the petitioner and 
his family. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 6.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of Wm. 
Duncker, for speedy payment for several jewels furnished to his 
Majesty. He had an assignment from the late Lord Treasurer on 
the hearth money, but it has been stopped for 2 years, on pretence 
of that revenue’s being assigned to the city. [Ibid. p. 7.] 


W. Hannam to the Navy Commissioners. I have not received an 
order requested to the Ordnance ofticers, for a dozen old guns to make 
fast hawsers when ships lie ashore, though you signified you would 
write to them for that purpose. Shall I set the low masts of frigates 
that want them, as opportunity presents, the spring of the year 
coming on apace? [S.P. Dom., Car. IT, 255, No. 64.] 


Capt. George Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. I received the 
boatswain and carpenter’s stores, and sent up the anchor, cable, 


and buoy rope, to be delivered at Deptford. I send a copy of my 
receipt. [Zbid. No. 65.] 


Capt. John Holmes to Pepys. Pray move the Board for a supply 


of victuals. I wrote 10 days since, but to no effect. [Jbid. 
No. 66.] 


CHARLES II. 179 


1669. 

Feb. 2. M: Wren to Pepys. I desire that your proposition for balancing 
the storekeeper’s account may be sent to his Royal Highness, as he 
cannot come to a resolution without it. I am detained so long at 
the African House that I cannot wait on you. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 255, No. 67.) 


Feb. 2. St. J. Steventon to Pepys. John Leafe well remembers he 
Portsmouth. was borne on the Hardereen or Shepherd fiyboat, but there was 
never a ketch or galliot of that name; it is a mistake in the tran- 
script. I have inquired about Mr. Furzer’s anchors aboard the 
Edgar, but we cannot distinguish them from others, and the boat- 
swain who shipped them being in London, we cannot send up the 
bill until he returns. I carried the Board’s letter to Mr. Capelin at 
Southampton, for delivering the hemp, which he will do. [Damaged. 

Ibid. No. 68.] 


Feb. 2. Robert Mayors to [the Navy Commissioners]. I repaired to 
Weybridge, and found 600 loads of compass timber lying by the 
water side, belonging to Asting Kingsberry and Edw. Buckley, which 
is fit for the new ship at Deptford. [Zbid. No. 69.] 


Feb. 2. Certificate by Henry Marson, and 5 other inhabitants of St. Olave, 
Southwark, that James Roffey has been a distiller there for many 
yeas, and that it has been his employment ever since they knew 
him. [Jbid. No. 70.] 


Feb. 2. Col. Ant. Gilby to Williamson. I petitioned his Majesty to have 

Hull. the drowned lands in the Humber in fee farm, under a small rent, 

but a lease for 31 years was all I could obtain from the Treasury 

Commissioners, which was too small encouragement for the great 

hazard. Having however gone too far to give over without some 

trial, I beg you to move Lord Arlington to obtain his Majesty’s ap- 
probation to what the Lords have done. 

There is a general disturbance in men’s minds by an apprehension 
of changes, particularly in the affairs of the Church, about which 
rumours are scattered by disaffected persons; but what course to 
take to suppress the present licentiousness of discourse will not 
become me to offer. If the bearer, my kinsman, could be of 
any service, you would find him an honest and not unfit servant. 
[14 pages. Ibid. No. 71.] 

Feb. 2. Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. It was not the Dartmouth that 
Portsmouth. was at St. Helen’s Road, but a Dutch man-of-war, bound for the 
Straits. The Milford and Pearl still ride at Spithead. The 

Portland has her new masts, and will soon be ready to sail. 


[Ibid. No. 72.] 


Feb, 2. Sir Thos. Allin to Williamson. We have been 19 days coming 
The Monmouth, from Genoa, having had great storms and winds, which have split 
Algiers Bay. and blown away the best of our sails, and the Yarmouth’s foremast 
is cracked and split. 

We found that these people had given orders to bring up all English 
[ships] that had foreigners’ goods, and that they had taken out of the 
William of London 60 Spaniards, many friars, and a person of 

quality, for whom they want 100,000 pieces of eight as ransom. 

M 2 


180 


1669. 
Feb. 2. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


They next brought up the Phania of London, laden with sugar, 
tobacco, &¢., which they unloaded, paid the freight, and sent her 
away. They had the Peter Westlovke, also of London, but I having 
demanded satisfaction for the others, it put them to consult, so that 
she got away the next morning, and came tome; but had she stayed 
longer, she would have been made prize. 


Three of their frigates came in with a British vessel from Leghorn, 
richly laden with silk, coral, and other goods; they came sneaking , 
so close to the shore that we could not get at them. They were 
very fierce with this vessel for carrying 3 Slavonian women of the 
Bashaw’s town; he appeared and was very angry, and nothing 
would serve him but sending the 3 frigates to let the Grand Seignior 
know that the English sold his subjects, and that our ambassadors 
and merchants must be clapped up; whereas they daily break the 
English articles, by suffering those of Sally to send our men to 
Algiers, to be there sold. The 3 women were passengers sent by 
Peter de Silva, owner of the lading, but it was the loss of the 
goods; otherwise the Bashaw would have used his interest to free 
the ship for a good bribe. 


They say they must have their frigates if we carry foreigners 
and their goods, and as they meet none but English, this, with their 
necessity for want of money to pay their soldiers, has made them 
break the 2nd and 14th articles, which the English have long strove 
for. They say they will not break with us, or take our ships or 
merchandize, until we break with them, which makes me consider 
how to handle with them. I intend to pretend we can do nothing 
until the King has cognizance of. these actings,and returns his 
answer, which I hope will serve the turn until we can be ready for 
them. Our fleet being parted, we have but 5 here; one fireship was 
lost at Tangiers, the other lading, at Leghorn, marble stones for the 
King’s new building. All our ships are foul, and we have but 
7 weeks’ provisions, at short allowance; all our boatswains’ and 
carpenters’ stores are expended, and very little money left. These and 
other difficulties make me grey-headed. I wish there were a better 
statesman to manage these affairs, although none serve with a greater 
desire to please the King than myself. 


On 24 Jan. they sent me notice that they were resolved that 
whatever English ship they met, with Turkish people aboard, should 
be condemned as prize, and the men made slaves; also that all 
ships having more strangers than natives—let them be passengers, 
merchants, or mariners—should be all alike prize ; but they verbally 
promised that all our ships not offending these 2 articles should go 
free; but we must not believe them, they having broken their first 
articles, upon which I demanded the Phænix’s sugar, tobacco, &c., 
and her captain had not offended in either. They offered the return 
of Capt. Taylor's ship, &c., on condition I presented them with 
15 barrels of powder, and 2 slaves that were in our ships. This I 
agreed to do, on their promise to pay the damage, whereupon, 
on I Feb., they delivered up his ship, sails, and 200 pieces of eight, 
towards the charge he was at. 


1669. 


Feb. 3. 


Feb. 8. 


Falmouth. 


Feb. 3. 


Feb. 3. 


Bristol. 


Feb. 3. 
Whitehall. 


Feb. 3. 
[Feb. 3.] 
Feb. 3. 


Feb. 3. 


CHARLES II. 181 


On the 2nd I sent Capt. Lloyd for their final answer to all my de- 
mands, and he brought 2 papers of their agreeing to keep strictly to 
the old articles, with the 2 exceptions before mentioned. [11 pages. 
SP Domit Car TT. 255; No.73.| 


Earl of Craven, Sir John Denham, and Sir P. Howard, Com- 
missioners of Streets and Highways, to Lord Arlington. As 
Wm. Heart is appointed Paviour-General, aud the King has spoken 
to you to draw up a warrant for a patent of his place, we beg-to 
inform you that we have often employed him, and found him 
capable and honest in all his dealings; and that as soon as his patent 
can be despatched, we intend to set him about paving the way going 
down to your house from Tothill Street. [Jbid. No. T4] En- 
closing, 


Heads of a patent for creating Wm. Heart Paviowr-General 
for England. [24 pages. See p.190 infra. Ibid. No. 741.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. The Ann and other ships named 
have arrived from Barbadoes, New England, &c., and report that 
there are 20 sail of ships on the stocks at Boston, and a great crop 
of tobacco at Virginia. The Hlizabeth of Dover has sailed for 
Bordeaux. [Jbid. No. 75.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect as the latter part of the 
above. [Ibid. No. 76.] 


James Baskerville to Williamson. Nine sturdy thieves were taken 
at this St. Paul’s Fair, with several goods in their possession, and 
clapped into Newgate, and their horses, some of which were very 
good ones, have been seized. There are 12 more of the gang in 
other parts of the West. Their ordinary calling was to frequent 
great fairs and markets, and there to steal out of shops, &., and it 
is believed that they use the highway trade besides. [Jbid. No. 77.] 


Warrant to Sir Thos. Ingram, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lan- 
caster, to order Sir John Curzon, Bart., receiver, to pay 17,9000. to 
Sir Thos. Osborne and Sir Thos. Littleton, commissioners appointed 
for the office of Navy Treasurer, and a transcript of this order is to 
be enrolled before the Treasury Commissioners. [Jbid. No. 78.] 


Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 103.) 
Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 255, No. 78A.] 


The King to the Duke of York. We wish you to appoint a double 
sloop to be fitted, manned, and victualled for the use of the Isle of 
Wight, following the directions of Sir Rob. Holmes, the Governor. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 16.] 


The King to Lord Middleton, Governor of Tangiers. Sir Arthur 
Basset, captain of a foot company in Tangiers, has requested, in con- 
sideration of the infirmities caused by his wounds and sufferings in 
the cause of the late King, a dispensation from his undergoing so 
long and tedious a journey. We have therefore dispensed with his 
attendance on his command, and request that all moneys due to him 
be paid him, notwithstanding his absence. [Jbvd.] 


182 


1669. 
Feb. 3. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Roger Baker, purser, to the Navy Commissioners. Since my 


The Dartmouth, reporting the abuses of my commander, I have been confined 


Holehaven. 


Feb. 3. 
Navy Office. 


Feb. 4. 
Chatham. 


Feb. 4, 


Feb. 4. 


a prisoner, and cannot foliow the ship’s business; so I cannot 
provide books in case she is paid off. The captain has not yet 
rated his men, and God knows when he will. I beg an order for 
my speedy repair to London to attend you. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 
255, No. '79.] 


Col. Thos. Middleton [Navy Surveyor] to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. I have heard what Sir Wm. Warren and Capt. Taylor had 
to say about the masts in Gottenburg and New England, and I am 
of opinion that they belong to the King, and ought to be fetched 
home; although we have now a peace, yet we know not how soon 
a war may break forth, and an after-game is hazardous. Details of 
proceedings relating thereto. Sir Wm. Warren demands the first 
cost, saying it is the Board’s work, and not his, to fetch them. 
[4 pages. Ibid. No. 80.] 


Col. Thos. Middleton to Pepys. I desire that 2 men, employed as 
lookers-out, may be called in and heard, as they have done the King 
good service. They say that several masts have gone adrift, and if 
not looked after, will be lost. I wonder Fryer’s business should die 
away ; there was much in it, if examined. [Jbid. No. 81.] 


Col. Middleton [to Pepys]. Samples of each species of goods in 
the stores have been taken, and lodged in the hands of the store- 
keeper. I have taken account of cordage wanting for fitting ships 
for sea from all the ports, and have ordered the clerks of the rope- 
yards to make good what is required. Lighters are only wanted at 
Deptford, and it would be more inconvenient to build than to hire 
them. One article in the captains and boatswains’ instructions 
ought to be to wet all new sails in salt water, and well dry them, 
before laying up. 

Particulars of timber in Sherwood, Aliceholt, and Whittlewood 
Forests. I was prevented from taking a survey of the creek at 
Chatham which Commissioner Pett calls his, but I have heard wise 
men say that, so far as the water flows in any of the King’s terri- 
tories, it is called the King’s waste, and if so, that creek may be 
called the King’s Creek. I understand there is no place so fit to 
secure masts, it being capable to receive as many as the King will 
have occasion to make use of. The marsh adjoining to the creek is 
worth 5l. or 6l. a year. As to the house formerly occupied by 
Mr. Pett, I hear that he was never so profuse as to bestow the value 
of 5s. on anything that was the King’s. Mr. Champane promised to 
give satisfaction for the damage done to the Monmouth by the 
Italian ship, amounting to 13l. 12s. 8d., but Champane having gone 
into his own country, the King may account that as lost. [4 pages. 
Ibid. No. 82.] 


Warrant to Lord Admiral the Duke of York to order the sale of 
the decayed provisions mentioned in a list taken by the Navy 
Surveyor. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 9.] 


1669. 
Feb. 4. 


Feb. 4. 


Feb. 4. 


Court at 


Whitehall. 


Feb. 4. 
Milford. 


Feb. 4. 


Feb. 4. 
Deal. 


Feb. 5. 
5 p.m, 


Feb. 5 


Whitehall. 


Feb. 5. 
Plymouth. 


Feb. 5. 


Yarmouth. 


Feb. 5. 


Yarmouth. 


CHARLES II. 183 


_Licence to Sir James Clavering to enclose 300 acres of his land in 
Whitehouse, co. Durham, and to have the liberty of a park and free 
warren therein. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 9.] 


Constitution of Rob. Spencer, and 8 others,as Commissioners for 
Appeals and regulating the Excise, with allowance of 2001. a year 
each from the Excise. [Zbid.] 

Warrant to John Ashburnham to pay to Sir Thos. Osborne and 
Sir Thos Littleton, for the use of the Navy, 1,5007., part of 3,000. 
ordered 22 Dee. last to be paid to him by Sir Thos. Ingram, Chancellor 
of the Duchy of Lancaster, from the duchy revenues, for secret service. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 26, f. 45.] 

John Powell to Williamson. Two vessels, laden with wine and 
salt from Bordeaux, put in here by contrary winds, one bound for 
Leith, the other for Bristol. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 255, No. 83.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 84.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. The goods of the Guinea ship have 
been brought on shore in good condition, and the salvers well paid. 
As for the Dutch wreck, the merchants will receive little more than 
their charges; I have been taking the depositions for the last 16 
days. The general blame is laid on the soldiers of Deal Castle. 
[Zbid. No. 85.] 


Lord Keeper Bridgeman to Williamson. Pray get the warrant 
despatched to enable the Chancellor of the Duchy [of Lancaster] 
to pay some money to the Treasurer of the Navy, or let me know 
the cause of the obstruction, as I have to find great part of the 
money on his security. [Zbid. No. 86.] 

Order in Council that, as in the late retrenchments 2 privy seals 
were not entered—viz., 8731. 1s. 8d.a year from the Treasury Chamber 
to the King’s gentlemen ushers and waiters, &c., for riding charges 
and attendance in preparing his houses; and 587/. 4s. 2d. for the 
Queen’s ushers and waiters for like service—Lord Arlington prepare 
a warrant for their payment. Also that the musicians for the King’s 
chapel, viz, 24 violins and 2 composers named, and M. Le Grange 
for a bass, be paid for their service as formerly, any order for 
retrenchment notwithstanding. [3 pages. Ibid. No. 87. See 
p. 204 infra.] l 

Sir Bernard Gascon [or de Gascoigne] to [Williamson]. The mis- 
fortune to the Portland is like to keep me for some days in this 
wilderness town, almost out of the world, where the Presbyterian 
is in his most puritanical seat, and there is “neither company 
neither woman fit for a gentleman to pass his time.” Pray forward 
my letter enclosed to Lord Ossory, and if you have any news of 
the Prince of Tuscany or Abate Brunetti, favour me with it. 
[2 pages. Ibid. No. 88.] 

Rich. Bower to Rob. Francis. Why are not the Gazettes and 
letters sent? I have not received any Gazettes for 2 months. I 
have written several letters, but received no answer. [Jbid. No. 89.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. Two ships have arrived, one from 
Gallipoli [Italy ?] with oil, and the other from Bordeaux with wines. 


184 


1669. 


Feb. 5. 
Deal. 


Feb. 5. 
Deal. 


Feb. 5. 


Plymouth. 


Feb. 5. 
Minehead. 


Feb. 5. 


Whitehall. 


Feb. 5. 


Feb. 5. 


Feb. 5. 


Feb. 5. 


Feb. 5. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Several vessels were forced from their anchors by the storms, and I 
am ignorant what has become of them. Four vessels have sailed 
for the North Seas to catch cod; 17 vessels are riding at anchor in 
the roads, chiefly colliers, bound southward. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 
255, No. 90.] 

Rich. Watts to Francis. Pray solicit Williamson to speak to 
Sir John Wolstenholme in my behalf, and I shall then be sent for. 
I sent my articles of complaint to my friends at Lambeth, for them 
to show to some of the farmers [of Customs] in private. Capt. 
Wilson was interred to-day at Sandwich; he was deputy-governor 
of Dover Castle, under Kelsey, in Oliver's time. [Jbid. No. 91.] 

Rich. Watts to Williamson. I hear from Mr. Snow that 
Sir John Wolstenholme is most against me; if Lord Arlington 
and you would speak to him, all my business as-to the Custom 
House will be effected. [Zbid. No. 92.] 

John Clarke to Hickes. Only one vessel has arrived from 
Bordeaux. I send letters received from Mr. Holding. I understand 
the mail was opened at Salisbury. [Zbid. No. 93.] 


John Maurice to Williamson. Several vessels arrived from 
Ireland report the great distress that the Thomas and John Francis 
underwent, in their voyage from Minehead to Ireland. They were 
slenderly victualled, were forced to sea as far as the Bay of Biscay 
by a violent north-east wind, and were very near starving, when a 
Dutchman sailed by, and spared them a hogshead of wine, another 
of water, and a stone of bread. A Frenchman, passing by a little 
before, refused to give them any relief. After 16 days, they got 
into port, the passengers and seamen being much prejudiced in 
health for want of necessaries. Our comptroller being dead, I would 
give 100/. if I could have the place by immediate warrant. [Jbid. 
No. 94.) ° 

Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of 
Sir Fras. Doddington, for the place of Comptroller [of Customs] at 


Minehead, void by death of Hen. Pinkney. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 38, p. 7.] ? 


Warrant for a dispensation to Thos. Willis, alias Willes, M.A., to 
be absent from Dinton, co. Bucks, where he is minister, during the 
time that he officiates at Kingston-upon-Thames, whereunto he is 
presented. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 93.] 


Grant to Sir George Stonehouse of the dignity of a baronet, with 
remainders to John and James, his second and third sons, with his 
former precedency, he having levied a fine of his title and dignity of 
baronet, to extinguish the same. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 10.] 

Grant to him of a discharge in the usual form, ordered to him 
30 Dec. last for secret service. [Zbid.] 


Warrant to John Ashburnham to pay 3,000.. to Sir Thomas 
Osborne and Sir Thomas Littleton, Commissioners appointed for the 


Navy Treasurer, for the use of the Navy. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 255, 
No. 95.] 


Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 105.] 


1669. 
Feb. 5. 


Feb. 5. 


Feb. 5. 
Stockwith. 


Feb. 6. 


Feb. 6. 
The Garland, 
Woolwich. 


Feb. 6. 
The Roebuck, 
Downs. 


Feb. 6. ¢ 


Harwich. 


Feb. 6. 
Woolwich. 


Feb. 6. 


Hull. 


Feb. 6. 


CHARLES II. 185 


Warrant to the Bailiffs and Recorder of Ipswich to suspend the 
punishment of burning in the hand, in case Wm. Fernely should be 
convicted of the manslaughter of Darcy Blosse. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 30, f. 105.] 


Grant to Sir Rich. Raynsford of the place of a Justice of the 
Court of King’s Bench. Minute. [Zbid. f. 106.] 


Nich. Weymouth to the Navy Commissioners. Has been laden 
since 24 Jan., but lost the spring [tide] through contrary winds and 
weather, but hopes to take the next. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 255, 
No. 97.] 


Survey and report of 24 masts, lying at Chatham, sent to his 
Majesty from Massachusetts, New England ; with particulars of 
their dimensions, quality, and fitness to meet his Majesty’s ships. 
[Zbid. No. 98.], 


Capt. Rich. Rooth to the Navy Commissioners. I received orders 
from his Royal Highness to come here from the Downs; being 
informed that you wish me to come up to Deptford, I desire an 
order accordingly. [Zbid. No. 99.] 


Capt. George Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. I send a 
receipt of the boatswain of the Garland for an anchor, cable, &c. 
We had a bitter storm on the 3rd, with the wind at South, which 
caused most of the merchantmen in the Downs to drive; but little 
damage came thereby, only a Holland merchantman drove foul of an 
Englishman, and broke his bowsprit, &c. They came to me about 
the damage, and by advice of two masters and my carpenter, who 
surveyed, they have agreed as is customary. 

I want a supply of provisions, and if you will order more than 
one month at a time, it will save trouble and charge. Tell the 
victualler to let me have peas and fish, as the men complain for 
want of them. [Jbid. No. 100.] 


John Robinson and 3 others to the Navy Commissioners. Our 
4 hoys, with the Stockwith timber, left Hull on 30 Jan., and 
arrived here yesterday. [Jbid. No. 101.] 


W. Hannam to the Navy Commissioners. Arrival of the 
Garland and Dartmouth. I desire orders concerning them, 3 or 
4 being needed bere, and for the smith to deliver him 8 or 4 old 
anchors. [bid. No. 102.] 


Joseph Blaydes to [the Navy Commissioners]. Asks payment 
of money due to poor men for fitting ships. Is put into great 
straits, for want of his money. Has been sick three months, and 
received no salary. Sir Jeremy Smith knows particulars. [bid, 
No. 103.] 


John Moorhouse to [the Navy Commissioners]. Has presented 
an account to the Surveyor, and waits money to go on with the 
work. [Jbid. No. 104.] 


186 


1669. 
Feb. 6. 


Feb. 6. 


Feb. 6. 


Whitehall.’ 


Feb. 6. 
Rye. 


Feb. 6. 
Oxford. 


Feb. 6. 


Bristol. 


Feb. 6. 


Feb. 6. 


Newport 
Street. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Memorandum by Rob. Yard that he delivered a black box of 
papers, directed to Sir John Finch at Leghorn, to Capt. Kerrington 
of the Levant Merchant, bound for that place. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 
255, No. 105.] 

Note of the same reference as before on the petition of Lord 
Grandison. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 7.] 


Duke of Ormond to Lord Arlington. I enclose the draft for the 
King’s signature, granting the reversion of the office of clerk of the 
First Fruits and 20th parts in Ireland to Nich. Jones, he being 
a deserving person. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 255, No. 106.] 


James Welsh, Mayor of Rye, to Williamson. I send by your 
order particulars of the bill of charges for which Mr. Fay [or Foy] 
was imprisoned; it was for money borrowed of the master of an 
English vessel which brought him over, and partly for his passage 
money ; but I must confess it is much increased by his long continu- 
ance in the gaoler’s house, who was constrained to put a keeper 
upon him, as he found him a person well educated, and so was 
unwilling to commit him to the common gaol, until he saw no hopes 
of his procuring money to satisfy the debt and charges. I hope the 
Ambassador will take his miserable condition into consideration, 
and pay the debt and charges before they are augmented, which if 
not procured, he will perish in prison. [Jbid. No. 107.] 


Hilaire Decry to Rob. Francis. I have received fresh obligations 
from you this week, in addition to those long past, and shall always 
be grateful. [French. Ibid. No. 108.] 


James Baskerville to Williamson. A small Scotch vessel coming 
up the Channel in distress, the master and company quitted her, and 
took to the boat, leaving a boy on beard. It is thought the boat is 
cast away, and all the men drowned, but the vessel ‘struck on 
ground, and the boy with the goods are saved. [Jbid. No. 109.] 


Henry, Lord Howard of Norfolk to Williamson. Were I not laid 
up with a gouty leg, I should renew my desires for Lord Winchelsea’s 
letter, which I sent to Lord Arlington, and am much censured by 
Lady Winchelsea for not returning it. Pray put his lordship in 
mind of it, since I cannot attend in person. [Jbid. No. 110.] 


Sir Phil, Meadowes to Williamson. I have not the treaty con- 
cluded between Sweden and Denmark in 1660, as I had not then 
returned to England, but I know it is the same in substance as the 
Roschild Treaty concluded in 1658 ; only Drontheim and Bornholm 
remained to the Dane by the last, which by the Roschild Treaty 
were given to the Swede. England gave no guarantee upon either, 
but only signed as mediator, and never gave any guarantee to any 
treaty concluded with a third Prince or State, in all the late times. 
I have all the printed books of French and Dutch Treaties since 
1621, but find not a single instrument of warranty; the war- 
ranties were made by way of treaty, and so ex post facto most 
of the princes of Germany became guarantors, one to the other, of 
the Munster Treaty, viz., by separate and distinct treaties, for the 
purpose of opposing the contravener. [Jbid. No. 111.] 


1669. 
Feb. 7. 


Portsmouth. 


Feb. 7. 


Portsmouth. 


Feb. 7. 


Portsmouth. 


Feb. 8. 
Deptford. 


CHARLES II. 187 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Milford is recalled from 
going to the Groyne, to attend the young Duke of Tuscany, and is 
ordered to the Straits, to attend Sir Thos. Allin, in company with 
the Pearl. They both ride at Spithead, waiting a fair wind. The 
Portland is to return to Galicia to attend the Duke, and the Non- 
such to Spithead. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 255, No. 112.] 


Capt. John Tinker to the Navy Commissioners. The Milford 
and Pearl are at Spithead, ready to sail, and the Portland and 
Nonsuch will soon be ready to follow. I have received the 
shovels, and procured a warrant to search suspected houses, but 
found nothing except in Edw. Bunckley’s, where there were some 
tallow, deals, oars, cordage, pitch, &., alleged to have been left by 
the boatswain of the Pearl, by reason that it blew fresh, and that the 
boat having the carpenter’s stores was too deep. I have taken 
them away, and the constable is looking after the man. I examined 
the boatswain, who confessed to leaving some of the things for 
the reason stated, but disowned the others. [3 pages. Damaged. 
[Lbid. No. 113.] Encloses, 


——— to Capt. Tinker. If you mind the King’s interest, 
survey the stores without the boatswain and carpenter 
of the Pearl, for they will give a very bad account; T see 
a ton of cordage and other things delivered into Edw. Bunck- 
leys yard, which if you speedily search you may find, but 
there is a boat ready to carry it away. The houses of 
Paine, Hancocke, and others should be searched, as persons 
cry shame at it; one has 50l. worth of the King’s goods, 
and corresponds with all men that belong to the King’s 
ships. There are 2 men belonging to the Estewich that 
know of many hundred pounds worth of goods that have 
been carried away, they being the only two trusted to sell the 
King’s goods. Morgan has bought a new suit since he had 
the bribe, but you must not speak of at, or you will do me 
a great injury. The search should begin at the quay, and 
so forth, in every house along Smock Alley. [2 pages. 
Damaged. Ibid. No. 1131] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. I have returned 
your order, with the names of the persons I shall employ as assist- 
ants, for your signature, and believe it will prove very advan- 
tageous. I hope you will not forget to provide money or plank 
for repair of the ships, the season being very near by which they 
must be supplied; if you let it slip, and do not find some 
person, who must be assured of a market for his plank when cut, 
you will get none this year, except you cut it yourselves, and it 
will not be fit, as it will shrink. The Kitchen being trimmed and 
coming about, I desire that the commander may bring the boat 
built by your command, which lies here. [2 pages. Ibid. 
No. 114.] 


John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. I have been to Black- 
wall and other places; and taken account of such ships as may 


188 


1669. 


Feb. 8. 


London. 


Feb. 8. 


Dover. 


Feb. 8. 


Maidstone. 


Feb. 8. 


Feb. 8. 


Yarmouth. 


Feb. 8. 
Deal. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


be fitted for the Newfoundland and Iceland fisheries, and send the 
names and particulars of seven. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 255, No. 115.] 


Thos. Goose, purser of the Sweepstakes, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. I have applied to Sir Wm. Penn about my papers, but he 
did not understand his order, so I have had no relief. I know 
nothing in my demand but may be safely sworn to, and beseech 
that my accounts may be perused, with my captain’s letter, who is 
now no more to me than a stranger. I have no supernumeraries 1n 
my book, although I was in the heat of the war, and if the certifi- 
cates are not allowed, I shall not be able to balance my accounts. 
I can show that by good husbandry I have saved the King 5001., 
and shall be no gainer in my employ, which troubles me not, for 
what comfort is there in getting an estate by fraud? I have 
attended in London 6 months to pass my accounts, and why am I 
delayed and frustrated of the justice which is my due? [Ibid. 
No. 116.] 


Thos. White to Pepys. I carried the letter to the Governor at 
Dover Castle, and told him I had a warrant from the Navy Com- 
niissioners to impress all tradesmen required to repair the Golden 
Sun; he directed his secretary to make out another warrant, and 
came down and caused all the carpenters in the town to leave their 
work, and go to repair the ship. I informed Timothy Scott, the 
master, what orders I had to assist him; he said he had sufficient 
volunteers, only desired tickets, which I gave him. Sir Wm. 
Warren’s man agreed with Thos. Dawkes to refit her, so I was 
put to no charge or trouble, and she is now gone into the Downs 
with 20 able seamen. [Jbid. No. 117.] 


John Mason to the Navy Commissioners. You will find by my 
contract that I was to have my bills signed and paid, upon which 
I sold good timber very cheap. I have dealt with you 4 years and 
never failed, and hope my punctual dealing will help my wife, 
whom I have sent with the bills to wait upon you for the money. 
I have 150 loads of oak, and 150 loads of elm fit for the service, 
and am willing to sell a good pennyworth. [Jbid. No. 118.] 


Warrant for a grant to Sir Roger Burgoyne, Bart., of the holding 
of four new fairs at Potton, co. Bedford. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 25, f. 86b.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. Thirty sail have come in from the 
northward, and 12 are at anchor in the bay, and as many more in 
the Roads, all light. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 255, No. 119.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. The whole discourse for 3 or 4 
days has been of the great preparations of the French King, by sea 
and land; that his design seems to be against Flanders, and that 
his said Majesty is also fitting out a great fleet, and intends sud- 
denly to raise several horse and foot; and that the Dutch are very 
strongly preparing both for sea and land, so all conclude that the 
French are like to be troublesome neighbours. [Jbid. No. 120.] 


1669. 
Feb. 8. 


Feb. 8. 


Feb. 9. 


Feb. 9. 


Feb. 9. 


Feb. 9. 


Feb. 9. 
»Navy Office. 


Feb. 9. 


Portsmouth. 


Feb. 9. 


Feb. 10. 
Chatham. 


CHARLES II. 189 


Thos. Agar to Williamson. I do not understand upon what 
design you desire the judge’s patent; this is already past the 
seal; if any other is intended, remember that though the judge’s 
patents are very short, yet there is a variance from one court with 
another. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 255, No. 121.] Prefixing, 


Grant to Sir Rich. Raynsford, Baron of the Exchequer, of the 
office of Justice of King’s Bench.—6 Feb. 1669. [Latin. 
Ibid. No, 1211.] 


Sir Philip Frowde to Williamson. I send a letter enclosed in 
one for myself. Did you receive one previously sent from a friend, 
who is asking through my son for an answer? [Jbid. No. 122.] 


Petition of Walter Moore, High Sheriff of Rutland, to the King, 
for leave of absence, having been afflicted for many months with 
sickness, which has nearly deprived him of his eyesight. His estate 
in Rutland is not above 60/. a year, and having no house there 
becoming his condition, he is residing in Surrey. [Jbid. No. 123.] 


Licence for W. Moore, High Sheriff of Rutlandshire, to live out 
of his county. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 16.] 


Pass for 25 horses to France, custom free, for Ralph Montague, 
Ambassador to France. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 107b.] ` 


Jo. Field to Rob. Francis. Let me know if you have done me 
the favour I asked yesterday. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 255, No. 124.] 


Sam. Pepys to the Navy Commissioners. Being apprehensive of 
dissatisfaction from the Commissioners of Accounts, for want of 
satisfactory answers to their demands, I advise a time to be ap- 
pointed for taking a view of the posture in which you stand 
therein. I have prepared an abstract of what has been demanded 
and answered, and what not. With note that the Navy Commis- 
sioners appointed to-morrow for reading the account. [Jbid, 
No. 125.] 


Capt. John Tinker to Pepys. Bunckley was taken yesterday 
and clapped into prison. What is to be done with him, and also 
with the Nonsuch, which is ready to sail to Spithead? [Jbdd. 
No. 126.] 


Roger Baker to Pepys. I am ready to justify on oath the busi- 
ness impeached against my commander; let me know the day I 
am to wait upon their Honours, that nothing may be wanting ; 
I have good and sufficient witnesses. My pay books will be delivered 
to-morrow, notwithstanding the seamen are not rated, but I durst 
not go near the commander, for fear of being murdered. [Jbid. 


No. 127.] 


John Moore and Edw. Moorcock to the Navy Commissioners. 
We desire orders as to proceeding with the wrecks, and the use of 
the 2 galliots sent to Humber for timber, and of the Harwich hoy. 
Money should be ordered to pay winter arrears, begin the summer 
work, and enter able men, who will not be procured unless we have 
money in hand. We have taken up 15 pieces of ordnance in the 
river, some of which are 24-pounders. [Zbid. No. 128.] 


190 


1669. 
Feb. 10. 


(Feb, 10.] 


Feb. 
Feb. 10. 


Court at 
Whitehall. 


[Feb. 10.] 


Feb. 10. 


Feb. 10. 


Feb. 10. 


Feb. 10. 


Feb. 10. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Order for a warrant, in form given, authorizing the: Treasury 
Commissioners to accept from Dr. John Wilkins, elected Bishop of 
Chester, on his petition, a composition of the first fruits of his 
bishopric ; 378.. 1s. 6d. to be paid in 4 years; and also of the first 
fruits of Wigan rectory, 72l. 12s., in 4 years; also to remit to the 
said Bishop the sums still unpaid from 36l. 5s. 1d., first fruits of the 
rectory of Polebrook, co. Northampton, compounded for 19 April 
1667; from 7l. 10s., first fruits of the prebend of Chamberlain 
Wood, St. Paul’s, London, compounded for the same day; from 
901. 14s., first fruits of the precentorship of Exeter Cathedral, com- 
pounded for 2 May 1668; and from 3l. 12s., first fruits of a pre- 
bend in Exeter, compounded for the same day, which 4 promotions 
he now relinquishes ; the sums unpaid being respectively 6l. 11s. 3d., 
1l. 17s. 6d., 671. 10s. 6d., aud 2l. 14s., the obligations for payment 
of which are to be returned to him. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, 


p. 94.] 
Drafts of portions of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 255, 
Nos. 129, 130.] 


Draft of the above, dated Jan. 1669. [Jbid. No. 1304.] 
Docquet of the above, dated 19 Feb. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 14.] 


Warrant for a patent to Sir Phil Howard and Francis Watson, 
of their invention of a new mode of graving, garnishing, and 
colouring ships, which preserves the planks, and is useful also 
about cables and rigging; also of their invention of a more durable 
and cheaper mode of gilding wood, iron, stone, plaster, &c. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 87.] 


Memorandum that the King’s printer’s accounts from Oct. 1662 
to May 1668 were brought in, and amount to 987. 3s. 8d. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 106.] i 


Warrant to the Treasury Commissioners to pay to Sir Rich. 
Raynsford, appcinted Justice of the Court of King’s Bench, 2501., 
which would have been due to Sir Wadham Wyndham had he 
lived to the end of the quarter; this to be in addition to 2507. due 
to him as late Baron of the Exchequer. [Ibid.] 


Privy seal for 2,8007. to Isaac le Gouse, for a jewel for the Queen 
Consort. Minute. [Zbid.] 

Privy seal for 2501. to [Peter] Du Moulin, as the King’s free gift, 
assigned on the customs, and for 215l. to Edw. Backwell, for the 
like sum paid by him as a present from the King to Sieur Verjus, 
Envoyé from the Prince and Princess of Portugal. [Zbid. f. 107.] 


Order for a warrant for erecting an office to be called the Master 
Paviour-General of the Works, with a grant thereof to Wm. Heart; 
fee, 101. a year. Minute. [Jbid.] 


The King to the Duke of York. We wish you to order a fourth- 
rate frigate for transportation of Henry, Lord Howard of Norfolk, 
who is to be sent Ambassador Extraordinary to the Emperor ot 
Morocco. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 16.] 


1669. 
Feb. 10. 


Feb. 10. 


Feb. 10. 


Milford. 


Feb. 11. 


Feb. 11. 


Feb. 


Feb: 11. 
Deal. 


Feb. 11. 


Feb. 11. 


Feb: il. 


Treasury 


Chambers. 


CHARLES II. 191 


Claude Dumoulin to the King. Thanks for your reference to 
your Secretary of State, who says he has written to the customs at 
Dover for my merchandize, worth 150 pistoles, which has been con- 
tiscated. I am in the last extremity, and beg your consideration. 
[French. S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 255, No. 1308.] 

John Pocock to Hickes. The John, with linen from Morlaix, 
was cast on shore on Portland beach, but her men and loading were 
preserved. She came out of Morlaix with 6 other English vessels, 
and fears lest they have run the same fate, by the violence of the 
storms, and the fog at sea; 3 Dutch ships are riding in the roads 
outward bound. [Lbid. No. 131.] 

John Powell to Hickes. Only a few colliers remain in the 
harbour. Endorsed with a note by Hickes that the great floods 
in South Wales have obstructed the passage of letters. [Jbid. 
No. 132.] 


Herbert, Bishop of Hereford, to Lord Arlington. I recommend 
Thos. Spratt, chaplain to the Duke of Buckingham, for the pre- 
bendary’s place, vacant by the death of Dr. Bolton, his Majesty 
having formerly promised him the next vacancy. [Zbid. No. 133.] 

Grant to Thos. Spratt of a prebend in Westminster, in the room 
of Dr. [Sam.] Bolton, deceased. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, 
PROTA] i 

Docquet of the above, dated 17 Feb. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 12.] 

Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. A ship for Jamaica, one for 

Virginia, and several for the Straits, still remain in the Downs. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 255, No. 134.] 
Joli to [Williamson]. When I received your note, the 
Ambassador had sought in the papers the copy of his letters, but as 
they have not been found, all that we can dois to get them from 
Paris. If you wish this, tell my lord, and it will be done. I send 
you a letter lately come from the Queen [Consort]; the Ambassador 
is much disposed thereto; also a copy of the last letters on the 
Portugal affair, sent from Rome. [French. Ibid. No. 135.] 

Earl of Aylesbury to Williamson. I want a pass for 4 horses, 
and for some hounds and greyhounds, having been desired by the 
Count de Lude in France—who is a person of great eminency, and 
not unknown to his Majesty—to send him over 2 hor ses, and there 
being some other friends to whom I would send some. Endorsed 
by Williamson, “ A pass for 4 geldings, 10 couple of hounds, 6 brace 

of greyhounds, and some spaniels.” [Lbid. No. 136. Seep. 208 wnfra. | 

Lord Ashley, Sir Thos. Clifford, and Sir Wm. Ashley to the 
King. You having referred to us the accounts of the Earl of 
Sandwich, as Extraordinary Ambassador to the King of Spain, in 
reference to retrenchments, we report that the Exchequer Com- 
missioners will not hear of any allowance of, or proceedings on, the 
accounts, by reason of there being no privy seal settling the allow- 
ances; so that there is a necessity for one, before any further 
proceedings can be taken. 

The usual method has been to give power, by privy seal to the 
Lord Treasurer for the time being, to pay such extraordinaries as a 


192 


1669. 


Feb. 11. 


Portsmouth. 


Eemi 


Portsmouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Secretary of State should sign and allow ; which not being done in 
this case, it will require your Majesty’s express commands how far 
they shall be allowed. We do not remember that any money has been 
allowed to any Ambassador for interest, though we cannot deny 
but that Lord Sandwich’s money has been upon remote assignments. 
If interest should be allowed, it ought to be computed by quarterly 
payments, as your Majesty is used to pay Ambassadors when you 
have ready money. The Earl of Sandwich, on reference to his 
steward’s books, finds that he has omitted to charge himself with 
3,800 pieces of eight, received by Capt. Willoughby Hannam,—which, 
if computed at 4s. 6d. per piece of eight, amounts to 855/.,—and that 
he has not received any other money than what is on record in the 
Exchequer. As regards allowances for extraordinaries, equipage, or 
weekly expenses, we conceive the Committee of Foreign Affairs 
are the most cognizant of such things, and as these have been 
already referred to them, we shall not presume to deal therewith. 
[24 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 255, No. 137.] Enclosing, : 


Order for a privy seal as follows :— Whereas on 19 Jan. 1666, 
we directed payment of 6,0001. to the Earl of Sandwich, sent 
Ambassador to Spain, towards which Capt. Willoughby Han- 
nam paid him at the Groyne 3,800 pieces of eight, equal to 
8551. ; and whereas on 29 Nov. 1666, we ordered him 
6,000l. more without account, and on 20 Feb. 1668 we 
ordered payment to Edward, Lord Hinchinbroke, of 5,0001. 
for the Earl of Sandwich’s entertainment, and extra ex- 
penses. Whereas also Sir Gilbert Talbot, master of the 
Jewel House, delivered him 1,511} oz. of gilt plate, and 
3,718 oz. of white plate, most of which, being bruised and 
spoiled, was converted by him into money, and was worth 
19,2531. 7s. 4d. 

And whereas the Committee for Foreign Affairs, to whom 
the case was referred, allowed the Earl 100l. a week, for 
143 weeks, from 16 Jan. 1666 to 11 Oct. 1668, when he re- 
turned, being 14,3001., and for eatraordinaries 7,2671. 1s. 3d. ; 
total, 25,5671. ls. 3d. ; from which, deducting the 19,2581.7s.4d. 
abovesaid, there remains due 6,3131. 13s. 11d., we hereby 
order payment of the said sum. And as he has charged in 
his accounts the moneys paid him by Capt. Hannam and 
Lord Hinchinbroke, he is to be fully discharged from them,and 
also from the aforesaid plate, and his security for return of 
the plate is to be given wp, [54 pages. Draft. Ibid. No. 1871.] 

Another draft of the above. [84 pages. Ibid. No. 13711.] 

Ben. Johnson and 4 others to Commissioner Middleton. We send, 
as ordered, an appraisement of old stores named, amounting to 
2701. 12s. 113d. We judge them fit to be the first prizes to be put 
up at the candle, to advance the sale upon. [Zbid. No. 188.] 

St. J. Steventon to Pepys. I gave the Treasurer’s instrument here 
an extra book for January for the sawyers’ and ropemakeis’ work ; 
I paid the former, amounting to 9311. 17s., and want to know if the 
monthly payments must be continued, that the books may be pre- 
pared. [Jbid. No. 189] ` i 


CHARLES II. 193 


1669. 

Feb. 12. Ayliffe Jones, solicitor, to the Navy Commissioners. I have 
desisted from prosecuting Mathew Page and others, bound for 
Thos. Griffen, purser of the Casile frigate, he having satisfied the 
debt owing on the victualling account; but you do not direct 
whether the King or the defendant shall pay the charges at law, 
and whether Page shall have his bond. [S.P. Dom., Cur. TI. 255, 
No. 140.] 


Feb. 12. Sir George Downing to the Navy Commissioners. I send an 
eased _ order of Council and other papers relating to demands made by 
` Mr. Warren; pray examine and report on the matter. [Jbid. 

No. 141.] 


Feb. 12. Capt. Walter Perry to the Navy Commissioners. I want a 
bs ine supply of provisions and further orders; we have 7 sail of ships 
orenene® from France here. [Jbid. No. 142.] 


Feb. 12. Presentation of David Lawrence to the vicarage of Maker, 
co. Devon, void by resignation of Rob. Warren. [Docquet, Vol. 24, 
Wo. 11.) 


Feb. 12. The King to the Bishop of Durham. We request you to renew 
for lives to Walter Ettrick of Sunderland, the leases at Ryve- 
hop and Easington, in the bishopric of Durham, which he holds, he 
having suffered much for his loyalty. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, 


f. 88.] 


Feb. 12. Warrant for naturalizing the Saint Nicholas of London, taken by 

Whitehall. a Scotch privateer, and condemned as prize in the Admiralty Court, 
the proprietors paying 12d. in the pound on the value. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 107.] 


Feb. 12. Proceedings in the Council for Trade, on report of the Committee 
Exeter House. appointed to decide on abuses committed in making Colchester baize, 
ordering the Governors of the Corporation of Colchester to send 
for their measurer, bailiff, printer, and sealer to attend the Com- 
mittee, and requesting that Col. Birch and Mr Page, two of their 
members appointed to go to Colchester to make inquiries, may have 
power to enter weavers’ houses, examine looms, &c., and be present 
at the searching and sealing of baize. Signed, “P. du Moulin.” 
[S.P. Dom., Car. 1I. 255, No. 143.] 


Feb. 12. Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of John 

Whitehall. Chase, his Majesty’s apothecary, to find a way for payment of his 
arrears of 7,000., and provide for his future payment, the King 
being wishful to relieve his extremity. With a repetition of the 
recommendation thereof, the King being displeased that it has not 
been attended to. [Jbid. No. 144.] 


Feb. 12. Entry of the former part of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 33, p. 8.] 


Feb. 12. Information of Wm. Barker, of Elaston, co. Stafford. I was 
servant to the late Sir Rich. Fleetwood, Bart., who, to discharge his 
late father’s debts, was necessitated to pass over all his estate into 


79380. N 


194: 


1669. 


Feb. 12. 


Feb. 12. 
Plymouth. 


Feb. 12. 


Yarmouth. 


Feb. 12. 


Friday. 


Feb. 13. 


Feb. 13. 


York. 


Feb. 13. 


Lyme. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


the hands of Thos. Ayre and Thos. Fleetwood, his son, in trust for 
raising of money for payment thereof; but they not only slighted 
payment, but ousted Sir Richard out of all his estate, except the 
barony of Newton, co. Lancaster, then lapsed to the Crown, and truly 
forfeited to Charles I., who,—being given to understand that the said 
barony was first given from the Crown to the predecessors of Sir Rich. 
Fleetwood, by mediation of the Queen Mother,—again confirmed it 
to Sir Rich. Fleetwood, and he shortly afterwards sold it to Sir 
Walter Hastings, but repurchased it. The estate in tail being there- 
by destroyed, Sir Richard by will gave the barony to Rich. Fleetwood, 
his second son, and his heirs male, and for want of such, then to 
revert to the Crown. This Rich. Fleetwood died childless, and 
therefore the barony reverts to his Majesty. Nevertheless Thos. 
Fleetwood, now Sir Thomas, being the eldest son and heir of Sir 
Richard, by indirect means, in the time of the Rebellion, obtained 
the will, and other writings concerning the said barony, from the Rolls, 
and sold it, having no lawful title, unless obtained from his Majesty. 
With reference thereon to the Attorney and Solicitor General. 
12 Feb. 1669. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT, 255, No. 145.] 


Minute of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 9.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. Has no news to communicate. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. II. 255, No. 146.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. Several vessels have sailed to the 
North Seas, to catch cod fish, &c.; other light vessels have passed 
through the roads to the northwards, and 2 or 3 have come in from 
Barbadoes, Lisbon, &e. [Zbid. No. 147.] 


Sir J. Trevor to Williamson. Pray lend me Cromwell’s declara- 
tion for the war with Spain, which I will return to-night. If you 
have the draft of my new privy seal, despatch the warrant to be 
signed after the Council to-day. I am not well and cannot go 
abroad. [Jbid. No. 148.] 


Sir Wm. Neaie to Williamson. Thanks for the great and 
generous act of friendship you have done me, of which I have heard 
from Col.[Guy] Molesworth. Pray advise me as to coming to Lon- 
don, and what your judgment is in reference to this affair. [Ibid. 
No. 149.] 


Wm. Wilson to Williamson. Am I to come up to prosecute the 
man who was apprehended in Southwark, on my information, for 
coining ? I suppose his stamps were taken, as I left word where 
they were to be found, and I am informed that they were delivered 
to Lord Arlington. Phillipps and Darcy, two of the greatest high- 
waymen in England, have been taken, and are in York Castle, and 
I can give information about them. [Jbid. No. 150.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. The Merchants’ Adventure has arrived 
from Morlaix, with the report that the drums were beaten about the 
town, for volunteers to go on the fleet fitting out at Brest, to be 
commanded by M. du Cane, and the fireships are to join M. de 
Beaufort. [Ibid. No, 151.] l 


1669. 


Feb. 13. 
Saturday. 


Feb. 13. 


Feb. 13. 


Feb. 13. 
Woolwich. 


Feb. 14. 


Feb. 14. 


Portsmouth. 


Feb. 14. 


CHARLES II. 195 


Sir Rob. Vyner to Sir Walter Slingsby. I spoke with my Lord 
Mayor, and earnestly recommended it to him as from Lord Arlington, 
yet he seemed very averse to the thing, and says the city is much 
against it, fearing it will debauch their servants. Endorsed “ Loyal 
Officers’ Lottery.” [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 255, No. 152.] 


Affidavit by George Broad, of Radcliffe, that Wm. Wood and 
3 others named are the owners of the William and Elizabeth of 
London, which was taken and adjudged as prize during the war, 
under the name of the Young Prince; that deponent was master 
thereof, and that no alien or foreigner has any right or property in 
the said ship. Sworn before Sir John Frederick, by whom it is 
attested. [Zbid. No. 153.] 


Account by Thos. Middleton, Navy Surveyor, of provisions want- 
ing at Deptford, Woolwich, Chatham, and Portsmouth, to furnish 
the fleet for one year; total value, 85,7861. 10s. 6d. [7 pages. 
Ibid. No. 154.] 


Edw. Byland to Pepys. I send a demand of provisions re- 
quired for fitting frigates. Operations on ships named. Col. 
Middleton bargained with a man for some good reed, and I have 
sent for him, but cannot persuade him to treat for it. [Ibid. 
No. 155.] 

M. Wren to the Navy Commissioners. His Royal Highness 
desires your attendance at Whitehall on Wednesday, when 
the proposition of regulating the pursers’ employment and their 
manner of accounting will be debated, and you are to bring in your 
proposals. With note that it was put off till Friday, as the Surveyor 
buries his wife on Wednesday. [Jbid. No. 156.] 


Capt. John Tinker to Commissioner Middleton. I have given 
the Board an account of Bunckley’s business, and all the goods are 
now aboard the ship. Sir Jer. Smith came down yesterday from 
London, to go in the Nonsuch to try the experiment.  [Jbid. 
No. 157.] Encloses, 

Examination of Thos. Inwood of Porchester, before Ant. 
Haberly, deputy-mayor, and Hugh Salesbury, J.P., towching 
goods belonging to the King, found in the house of Edw. 
Bunckley at the Point in Portsmouth—Portsmouth, 10 Feb. 
1669. [Zbid. No. 1571.] 

Like examination of Edw. Bunckley. The goods named were 
put into his custody by the officers of the Pearl, as it was bad 
weather, and not fit for any boat to carry them aboard ; 
when the storm ceased, they were all taken to the ship. With 
note that he is bound in 201. and 2 sureties in 101. each.— 
Portsmouth, 10 Feb. 1669. [Lbid. No. 15711.] 


Fras. Crane to Rob. Francis. Your letters and Gazettes are great 
restoratives in the country, and we are much comforted by Candia’s 
not being in so bad a condition as was feared. I shall send con- 
stantly to Norwich for the letters, and beg you will uot be weary of 
the trouble. When does Lord Andover go Ambassador to the 
Emperor? [Zbid. No. 158.] 

N 2 


196 


1669, 


Feb. 14. 
Milford. 


Feb. 14. 


Portsmouth. 


Feb. 14. 


Feb. 14. 
Plymouth. 


Feb. 15. 


Feb. 15. 
Deal. 


Feb. 15. 


Falmouth. 


Feb. 15. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


Feb. 15. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


John Powell to Williamson. A ship from Rochelle, laden with 
wines, put in here by reason of contrary winds. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT, 255, No. 159.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Portland and 2 others are 
riding at Spithead, waiting for a fair wind. Sir Jer. Smith has 
arrived from London, to judge in the trial of sailing between the 
Nonsuch frigate and the Milford. [Ibid. No. 160.] 


Thos. Corney to Lord Arlington. As the place [in the Ordnance] 
you so frankly promised to procure me at Chatham is still undis- 
posed of, and is executed by a menial clerk, I hope you will move 
his Majesty to establish me in it; if this is not speedily done, I 
shall be completely ruined. [Jbid. No. 161.] 


E. Andros to Williamson. The wind continuing westerly keeps 
the frigates from going to the Groyne to fetch the young Duke of 
Tuscany. A vessel from Brest reports that all the hay, oats, barley, 
and straw in those parts have been taken up by order of the French 
King, and that the fleet is hastening out. [14 pages. Ibid. 
No. 162.] i 


[Mr.] Johnson to Rob. Francis. The Attorney-General is a 
stranger to the business, but will receive Lord Arlington’s directions. 
[Zbid. No. 163.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. Forty ships are in the Downs, 
bound for the West Indies, &c. The seamen are much discontented 
because they cannot have their tickets paid, and many outward 
bound resolve to stay in the Straits, and serve those nations that will 
pay them. The Farmers of the Customs are laying down because 
no abatement is given them for the new impost, and Sir John 
Wolstenholme and Sir John Shaw will not sit as Commissioners after 
Lady Day. ([Jbid. No. 164.] : 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. The Judah from Lisbon, with fruit, 
reports the arrival there of 60 sail of the Brazil fleet, with sugar 
and tobacco. The St. Anthony has arrived from the Bay of 
Biscay with timber. There is much abuse in the post office here; 
the letters come on Thursday instead of Wednesday, and too late to 
reply by return of post. [Jbid. No. 165.] 


Warrant of assistance for Benj. Edwards, in the due execution 
of his office as Deputy to the Levant Company, in seizures of goods 
in London imported contrary te their charter, and in. levying rates 
on those brought into the out ports, he having been opposed in his 
said office, to the great prejudice of the company. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 25, f. 89.] 


Warrant for a grant to Henry, Earl of Peterborough, and Barbara, 
Countess of Suffolk, Groom of the Stole to the Queen Consort, of 
two-thirds of the embezzlements of prize goods from the ship 
Sancta Maria, brought into Plymouth in the late war, not exceeding 
5,0007., as the King’s free gift, the other third being granted to the 
discoverers, Also for a warrant to the Exchequer officers to issue 


1669. 


Feb. 15. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


Feb. 15. 


Tower. 


Feb. 15. 


Harwich. 


Feb. 16. 


Harwich. 


Feb. 16. 


Portsmouth. 


Feb. 48. 
Leyden. 


Feb. 16. 


Portsmouth. 


Feb. 16. 
Whitehall. 


CHARLES IL 197 


writs, &c., for the recovery of the said goods in the King’s name, 
and at the cost of the discoverers, and of the said Earl and Countess. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 26, f. 46.] 


Certificate by Lord Arlington that Sir Thos. Higgons took leave 
of his Majesty on 12 July, in order to his departure as Envoy- 
Extraordinary tothe Duke of Saxony. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, 


f. 110.) 


Edw. Sherburne to Pepys. I desire an account of provisions de- 


- livered from the Navy Office to the Ordnance Office, being pressed by 


the Commissioners of Accounts. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 255, No. 166.] 


Capt. Silas Taylor to the Navy Commissioners. I crave leave to 
plead for myself against your gentle chiding in reference to accounts 
furnished, which are all according to your orders. Mr. Gregory 
received from me 5477. for board wages, and 25/. of the contingent 
money. Iam not idle about my account of stores, but very busy, as 
Commissioner Taylor is in London. [Jbid. No. 167.] 


Wm. Williamson, master of the Black Dog, to the Navy Com- 
missioners. I want an order for a supply of victuals; we have 
gone 28 days on short allowance, of 6 to 4 men’s victuals, and have 
but 4 days’ aboard, and neither money nor credit. With note that it 
was thought unnecessary to answer this, the wind having changed, 
and he being hourly expected. [Jbid. No. 168.] 


Capt. John Tinker to Pepys. I hear that Capt. Cox is made 
a Commissioner of the Navy, and desire to be removed to his 
place at Deptford. The Nonsuch sailed to Spithead. [Ibid. 
No. 169.j 


Edw. Bernard to Williamson. Thanks for your commerdatory let- 
ters to the Ambassador, &c. I hope within a month to acknowledge 
the success of your favours, as an advantageous offer has been made 
me to go with Sir Hugh Cholmondely to Tangiers, which I readily 
accepted, because of the advantages it gives me of conversing with 
a very learned, ingenious, and worthy gentleman; of serving my 
mother in the purchase of some monuments ; and, lastly, of a very 
great salary. Pray forward my desired voyage to Tangiers. I 
waited on Isaac Vossius with your recommendation, and am 
confirmed in the just esteem I had of him as a scholar. No 
news can be more weicoine than to hear of the commission for the 
translating of the MSS. of [James] Golius to the Bodleian Library. 
[Zbid. No. 170.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson, The Nonsuch and 3 others are 
at Spithead, waiting a fair wind to try the sailing of the new ship ; 
Sir Jer. Smith goes in the Nonsuch to judge in the case. Sir 
Rob. Holmes came here last week with his servants, on his way 
to the Isle of Wight. [Jbid. No. 171.] 


Warrant to Sir Thos. Ingram, Chancellor, and Sir Thos. Curzon, 
Receiver of the Duchy of Lancaster, to pay from the duchy revenues 
1,5007. to Sir Thos. Osborne and Sir Thos. Littleton, for the use of 


198 


1669. 


Feb. 16. 


Feb. 16. 
Whitehall. 


Peb: <1 7. 
Yarmouth. 


Heb. 17. 


Feb. 17. 


Careby. 


Hebe a7: 


Falmouth. 


Feb. 17. 


Falmouth. 


Feb. 17, 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


the Navy, before payment of any other warrants, patents, or annuities 
whatsoever; notice thereof to be given to the Treasury Commis- 
sioners. [14 pages. SP. Dom., Car, IT. 255, No. 172.] 


Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom, Entry Book 26, f. 45.] 


Warrant from Sec. Trevor to Wm. Crips, messenger of the 
chamber, to bring before him Sir Wm. Ballantine, now in custody 
of the King’s guards, to answer certain charges against him. 


[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 28, f. 19.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. Six ships from Yarmouth were 
driven on shore, some of which broke all to pieces, and their 
men perished; two that got on shore died from exhaustion on 
their way to Winterton. The storm was so violent that the ships 
in the roads drew their anchors after them for 2 miles. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 255, No. 173.] 


Certificate by Sir Edw. Walker, Garter, that Mr. Franklyn, one of 
the Procurators, is one of the most ancient of that profession, and 
a person of great integrity ; and that before his Majesty’s restoration, 
he assisted many loyal indigent persons, especially the clergy. [bid. 


No. 174.] 


Jo. Hatcher to Williamson. Thanks for weekly favours, and for 
your consideration for my cousin, Thos. Heron, in Ireland. He had 
a solicitor’s place in the Court of Claims, which first carried him 
over; but since the determination of that court, he has been destitute 
of employment, so that if you can procure him some place there, 
now there is a change of officers, you will oblige both me and your 
old friend, my father, who lives still, and rejoices to hear of your 
prosperity. [Jbid. No. 175.] 


Thos. Holden to EHickes. The ships in port will put to sea to- 
morrow if the wind is fair. [Zbid. No. 176.] 


Same to Williamson. To the same purport as the above, and his 
letter to Hickes of the 15th. [Zbid. No. 177.] 


James Hickes to [Williamson]. I was preparing a petition to the 
King for compensation before the dreadful fire, but that sad occasion 
prevented it; as my weakness increases,I have ventured to send 
it, and beg you to speak to his lordship on my behalf. I might 
have dwelt more largely on the services rendered to his Majesty, as 
in the beginning of the Great Rebellion in 1642, I settled post 
stages from Bristol to York, and between Uxford and Cornwall, and 
in all parts of the West the following year, and spent 1,7007. in his 
Majesty’s business abroad, I have ridden more miles, and written 
more for increasing the revenue of the Post Office, than all the clerks 
in it; and I have put the Foreign Post Office into the English 
method, to the advantage of many hundreds, if not thousands, a 
year. My compensation for such services has yet to be sought, and 
without your and his lordship’s favour to his Majesty, I am like to 
die without. I am prevented by age from seeking any other em- 


ployment. [Zbid, No. 178.] 


1669. 
Feb. 17. 
Deal. 


Feb. 17. 
Deal. 


Feb. 17. 
Whitehall. 


Feb. 17. 
Whitehall. 


Feb. 17. 


Feb. 17. 


Feb. 17, 


CHARLES II. 199 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. A ship bound to Virginia lost her 
bowsprit, broke down her foremast through the storm, and is 
almost a wreck. There are 50 sail in the Downs. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 255, No. 179.] 


Same to the Same. The Alapwena of 200 tons was broken to 
pieces by last night’s storm at Margate, and another ship wrecked. 


[Zbid. No. 180.] 


Petition of Hen. Brooke to the King, to direct the Earl of Derby, 
on the hearing and determining of his cause, to have the assistance 
of such of the judges as his Majesty shall appoint. Is seized of an 
estate of inheritance in the county palatine of Chester, of consider- 
able value, which he bought of John, late Earl Rivers, and which 
was confirmed by his son Thomas, now Earl Rivers, on attaining 
his full age. The present Earl endeavoured to avoid the Acts 
of Sale and Confirmation, but the petitioner’s title being too clear 
to be disputed in law, the Earl brought it into the chancery of 
Chester, where Charles, Earl of Derby, is sole judge, and deputed 
Theiwell, who was always counsel for Earl Rivers in the cause, to 
be Vice-Chamberlain of the Court. Though Earl Rivers might long 
since have brought the cause to trial, and obtained judgment, 
he delayed it until his son and heir, Lord Colchester, for whose 
benefit the suit is prosecuted, had married the Earl of Derby’s 
daughter. Although it has been the practice of the Lord Keeper 
and his predecessors never to determine matters of so great 
concernment without the assistance of some other of the judges, yet 
the Earl of Derby has positively ordered this cause to be de- 
termined before him and by himself on 23 Feb. 

With reference thereon to Lord Keeper Bridgeman, and his re- 
port that, if the suggestions in the petition are true, the cause 
should not be heard in the Exchequer Court at Chester without 
the assistance of some learned judge, and that therefore his Majesty 
should signify his pleasure to the Earl of Derby, that the cause be 
heard when Serjeant [Job] Charlton and Milward come there, and 
that one of them be required to assist at the hearing.—17 Feb. 1668. 
[Ibid. No. 181. See p. 202 wnfra.] 


Warrant for protection for ten days to John Cassels, alias Castles, 
provided he conduct himself according to the laws, although by a 
proclamation of 23 Dec. 1667, he was ordered to be apprehended, 
and proceeded against with other disorderly persons. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 28, f. 20.] 


Warrant for Hugh Jones to be gamekeeper within the Hundreds 
of Penwith and Kerrier, Cornwall. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, 


f. 109.] 


Pass for 8 horses to France by James Byron, servant to Lord 
Wotton. Minute. [Zbid. f. 110.] 


Reference to the Lord Chief Justice of the petition of Anne 
Sharpe, for pardon for a small felony. Minute. [S.P. Dum., Entry 
Book 33, p. 9.) 


200 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. 
Feb. 18. Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. The 
Deptford. 4 ships which I proposed to Squire Pepys— viz., the William, Ann 
and Christopher, Mary and Susan, and Olive Branch—are all very 
fitting ships, and sail well. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 255, No. 182.] 
Annexing, 


Propositions made to the owners of the Bantam, with the 
answer by Capt. Rich. Haddock, that they pray she may be 
dismissed serving, having merchant goods aboard, for which 
bills of lading are signed and sent forth—London, 16 Feb. 
1669. [Lbid. No. 1821.] 


Terms upon which the owners of the Ann and Christopher 
agree that their ship shall serve his Majesty ; tendered by 
Capt. Cole 16 Feb. 1669. [Jbid. No. 18211.] 


Terms upon which Sir H. Cholmley agrees that the Hamburg 
Merchant shall be hired. [Ibid. No. 182111.] 


John Payne, commander of the Speedwell, to the Navy Com- 
missioners. Gives reasons why he should be excused from 
serving his Majesty, and hopes they will consider his ne- 
cessity, he having already contracted and sealed for a 
freight. (Ibid. No, 1821v.] 


Hugh Mosely to the Navy Commissioners. The owners of the 
Mary and Susan are willing that the ship should serve his 
Majesty upon treaty, and desire that the master may go 
commander, as it is all he has to maintain himself and 
family. The owners are not able to set her out, having had 
many losses, and for my part, I am forced to take wp money 
at interest. [Ibid. No. 182v.] 


Proposal of the 7 conditions upon which Hugh Mosely, 
commander of the Mary and Susan, and her owners, are 
willing she should be employed in his Majesty's service.— 
18 Feb. 1669. [Zbid. No. 182v1.] 


Summary of the replies made relative to the said 6 ships, with 
the names of their owners. [24 pages, Ibid. No. 182v11.] 


Feb, 18, John Fenn to Lord [Brouncher ?]. I send particulars of the dis- 
posal of 90,000/. chimney money, received from Sir Rob. Vyner, and 
paid for wages to ships and yards; also to the Bishop of Munster 
50,0002, Sir Denis Gauden 60,000., and Ald. [Edw.] Backwell 
50,0007. ; totai 250,0007. [Zbid. No. 183.] 


Feb. 18. © Thos. Lewis to Pepys. All the victuals ordered for Sir 
Thos. Allin’s fleet shall be shipped by the beginning of next week. 
[Lbid. No. 184.] 


Feb. 18. John Moore and Edw. Moorcock to the Navy Commissioners. 
Chatham. We judge if the hoy can make her voyage to Humber, and return 
by the end of March, it will be time enough for our business here, 
knowing how to employ our hands to advantage in taking up more 
guns and anchors in the river; but if they should be as long in 


1669. 


Feb. 18. 


Feb. 18. 


Oxford. 


Feb. 19, 
Plymouth. 


Feb. 19. 


Feb. 19. 


Feb. 19. 


Yarmouth. 


Feb, 19. 
Whitehall. 


Feb. 19. 


Feb. 19. 


CHARLES II. 201 


this voyage as in the last, it would cast us behind in our summer 
work. We have taken up 7 more ordnance, which make 31 de- 
livered into the stores. If you had ordered 1607., it would have 
cleared our charge to this time. We intreat you to hasten what 
you have ordered, or give directions how we may receive it. [S.P. 
Dom., Car, TI. 255, No. 185.] 


Memoranda of proceedings at the Committee for Trade and 
Foreign Affairs, at various sittings held between 7 April 1667 
and 18 Feb. 1669, relative to domestic, colonial, and foreign trade. 
[Lbid. Nos. 186-235.] 


Hilaire Decry to Rob. Francis. I fear you will find little 
advantage in my correspondence, and I should not expect much 
when I can give so little; but I have always found you disinter- 
ested. I hope many of my letters may bring me one of yours, or at 
least the French Gazettes. If you write to me, please to acknow- 
ledge receipt of that money from your brother and Silas Taylor. 
If you see my brother at the French church, ask him to write 
tome. [French. Ibid. No. 236.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. I send some letters received by post, 
&c. Several ships have sailed, and those for Newfoundland will 
speedily follow. A vessel from Portugal, and another from Bor- 
deaux, have come in. [Jbid. No. 237.] 


Wm. Paris, B.D., vicar of Tilney, to Peter Alsop. Having been 
solicited for a testimonial by your son, I certify that, while acting 
as my curate, he has demeaned himself “soberly, studiously, vir- 
tuously, and painfully ; and that his preaching and living have made 
him to be generally beloved by all the town.” [Jbid. No. 238.] 


Thos. Adamson to Rob. Francis. I have appointed to meet at 
Madam Carnabye’s to-day, to see a play with Mrs. Moundeford and 
you, and have told her of it. [Zbid. No. 239.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. Three Yarmouth ships have sailed 
for Lisbon and Rochelle; several colliers have passed through 
the road, one of which sprang a leak, and sank near the shore, but 
most of her rigging is saved. [Jbid. No. 240.] 


Warrant by [Lord Arlington] to a messenger of the Chamber, to 
apprehend Steph. Coven, supposed author of “The Militant Chris- 
tian ; or, the Good Soldier of Jesus Christ”; and if he is found to 
be the author, to bring him and all his books and papers before me, 
sealed up. With writ of assistance. [Jbid. No. 241.] 


Pass for 3 horses to Flanders, for Sir Mark Ognati. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 110.] 


Warrant to the Sheriffs of London, for their taking security of 
John Ludlow, convicted of felony at the Old Bailey sessions, for 
transporting himself to some of the foreign plantations, the value of 
the thing taken being small, and he a young man and never com- 
mitted before. [Zbid.] 


202 


1669. 
Feb. 19. 


[Feb. 19.] 


Feb. 19. 


[Feb. 19.] 
Feb. 19. 


Portsmouth. 


Feb. 20. 


Feb. 20. 


Feb. 20. 


[Feb. 20.] 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Warrant appointing Sam. Franklyn to the office of Procurator in 
all causes and matters maritime, foreign, and ecclesiastic whatso- 
ever, vice Alexander Cheeke, deceased. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, 
f. 112] 


Two drafts of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 255, Nos. 242, 
243.] 


The King to the Earl of Derby. There will shortly come before 
you as judge of the Court of Chancery, in the county palatine of 
Chester, a case of much weight between the Earl Rivers and Hen. 
Brooke, relating to the title to an estate in the county. The case 
was ordered for 23 Feb., but having advised with Lord Keeper 
Bridgman thereon, we wish it to be heard when Serjeant [Job] 
Charlton or Mr. Milward, our judges of that county, shall be there 
to assist. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 18.] 


Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 255, No. 244.] 


Capt. Jobn Tinker to Pepys. Has given Capt. Deane the 
document sent. The victualling of the Milford and Pearl is com- 
pleted, and they stay only for a fair wind. The standing masts of 
the Portland are set. [Ibid. No. 245.] 


Certificate by J. Wren that Oliver Hardiman, purser of the 
Revenge, has cleared his victualling account. [Ibid. No. 246.] 


Post warrant for Hen. Sheres to go to Portsmouth and return, 
being for the King’s service. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, 
J- 109] 


Warrant to Viscount Grandison, Captain of the Yeomen of the 
Guard, to swear in Wm. Houghton as corporal, according to the new 
establishment. Also note of the appointments of Rog. Gardiner, 
Rich. Sadlington, and Ashton as corporals.—21, 22, and 
23 Feb. [Zbid. f. 112.] 


Statement by Ambrose Bennet,of Gray’s Inn. After long hearing, the 
[late] Lord Chancellor committed to me the custody of Jerome Smith, 
lunatic, to manage his intricate and desperate estate. Numerous 
particulars of his wild and filthy ways, and the extravagances by 
which he wasted 5,0002. ; his idea that he was to be made a peer 
and marry Sir Thos. Bennet’s daughter. The physicians pronounce 
him much distracted. Many of his writings are lost, and the seals 
broken off. 

I have never struck him, but took him to my house in the 
country, till he tried 2 or 3 times to fire the house, and no one 
would stay with him. I then took a house for him, and gave 100Z. 
a year for a keeper, with apparel and expenses, and saw that he 
wanted nothing ; but Rog. Wells, the keeper, stole his goods. 

I have delivered a true account of his estate to a Master in 
Chancery. I did not intoxicate him, but forbade him to have strong 
drink. I have had much trouble with him besides, and 4 an 
before I took him, he had much trouble to buy bread. ` i 


1669. 


Feb. 20. 


Feb. 20. 
Deal. 


Feb. 20. 
Weymouth. 


CHARLES II. 203 


Jerome Smith had conveyed all his debts to his brother Richard, 
but I could get no accounts, and before Richard died, by will he gave 
Jerome the debts back again. His wife was executrix, and I had a 
long suitin Chancery to recover the writings, and had to pay many 
legacies before I could get a penny, and the law expenses have been 
heavy. Jerome asked for the deeds, carried them about in his 
pockets, and some were lost. Particulars of the debts. The trustees 
for their payment met about them, but Rich. Smith was then 
prisoner in the King’s Bench. Transactions with the trustees. 
There were debts from Sir John Pettus, Lady Carleton, Sir John 
Cotton, and Sir John Pershall ; account of trials thereon. 

Account of Smith’s extravagance since I had the charge of him, in 
buying jewels and silver tankards, and giving them away to ladies 
at Whitehall, in Oliver Cromwell’s time; riding about the country, 
keeping 20 or 30 men and horses, and spending 6,000/. in 6 months ; 
making strange bargains, buying antique habits and odd relics, &c. 

In 1658 he was in the Gatehouse for debt, and I became his bail, 
but in 1659 he was again in Newgate, whence he escaped almost 
naked. Then he was taken to King’s Bench, and no one gave him 
a bit of bread, but I procured his liberty and gave him clothes. 

In 1661 I got him discharged of all his debts, and delivered him 
from prison, and found him a lodging in Milford Lane, where he con- 
tinued till 1664 very mopish, and would not speak to anyone, nor 
put on his clothes, and lived on a small allowance. He then gave 
me a power of attorney to pay his debts and prosecute his debtors, 
and I received some of the debts. In 1665 he became wild, ran 
about the town, and borrowed horses to go into Cambridgeshire ; 
pretended he was going to be married; pawned his watch, and 
borrowing a coach, went to the King to make him a peer, inviting 
many nobility to his wedding, giving abundance of wine, and 
spending 40/. in 4 days. The King sent him away under charge, 
and I told my Lord Chancellor about it, who thought he ought to 
be restrained, and gave him into my charge. On inquisition de 
lunatico inquirendo, he was found a lunatic, and committed to me. 


[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 255, No. 247.] 


Answer by Ambrose Bennet to the exceptions taken by Jerome 
Smith to his 8rd, 4th, and 5th accounts of moneys disbursed for 
his diet, and other personal expenses. [Jbid. No. 248.] 


Rich. Watts to Rob. Francis. I gave both your packets to 
Rob. Farrenden, apothecary-general at Tangier, who promised to 
deliver them with his own hand. Three ships have been wrecked 
at Margate, and one at the North Foreland, and every soul 
drowned. I never knew such a storm at Deal before, and several 
ships have received much damage; had it lasted much longer, 
it would have endangered the whole town. [Jbid. No. 249.] 


John Pocock to Hickes. Two ships, laden with wine and 
brandy, have been cast away on the Isle of Portland; one lost all 
her lading and 12 men, and the other split in pieces, but part of her 
lading and 7 of her men were preserved. Another vessel was forced 


204 


1669. 


Feb. 21. 


Feb, 21. 


Feb. 21. 


Feb. 21. 


Feb. 21. 
Milford. 
Feb. 21. 


Feb. 21. 
Deal. 


Feb. 21. 
Deal. 


Feb. 21. 


Portsmouth. 


Feb. 21. 


Portsmouth. 


Feb. 21. 


Portsmouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


on shore, but by cutting her masts by the board, she rode out the 
storm, and has since been brought into the road. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 255, No. 250.] 


Pass for Mr. Stagg and Mr. Williamson to go to France and 
return. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 110.] 


The King to Sir Edw. Griffin. In the late retrenchment of pay- 
ments from the Treasury of the Chamber, 2 privy seals issued for 
the Gentlemen Ushers, daily waiters to the King and Queen, for 
riding charges and attendance on removals, were omitted from the 
payments set down; we warrant the payment of them as though set 
down; also continuation of the former salaries of the 24 violins, 
master of music, 2 composers, 2 boys, and M. le Grange for a bass, 
and for the music in the Chapel Royal, any order of retrenchment 
notwithstanding. [Zbid. f. 111.] 

Similar warrant to the Lords of the Treasury. Minute. [Jbid. 


f. 111.) 

Declaration that Sir John Prettyman’s arrears, granted to Fras. 
Rogers on 16 Jan. last, are on trust for payment of moneys due to 
widow Poyer, the residue to be disposed of as Barbara, Countess of 
Castlemaine, in her own handwriting, may appoint, and for her 
benefit. [Zbid. f. 120.] 

John Powell to Hickes. Only a few colliers remain in the 
harbour. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 256, No. 1.] 

Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [Ibid. No. 2.] 

Mary Loder to Williamson. I have received the packet for 
Leghorn, but as there is no ship bound for that place, tell me 
whether I shall detain it, or send it you again. [Jbid. No. 3.] 

Rich. Watts to Williamson. A vessel from Jamaica reports that 
the privateers of those parts took Porto Bello in April last, and 
held it 30 days, and that the Spaniards ransomed it, at a very 
large sum; that they possessed themselves of Port au Prince, but 
got little more than provisions; also that they joined in a fleet of 
10 or 12 sail, to set upon some other place. [Jbid. No. 4.] 

Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Sir Jer. Smith sailed yesterday 
in the Nonsuch trigate, commanded by Sir Laur. Van Hemseratt 
[Heemskirk]; while she was in sight, she sailed much better than any 
of the others in company, being the Portland, Roe ketch, Milford, 
and Pearl. The 2 last are appointed to try the wager, and as they 
have had as fine weather and wind as heart could wish to try 
their ships, by this time Sir Jer. Smith will be able to judge. I have 
not had a news-letter for some time. [Jbid. No. 5.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to Pepys. Particulars of the sailing of the 
Nonsuch. Judges she will do a great part, if not all required, 
but of that Sir Jer. Smith is the standard of proof. I gave 
Sec. Wren more particulars, and he will let you know. [Jbid. 
No. 6.] 

Capt. John Tinker to Pepys. The Monsuch sailed with other 
ships from Spithead upon trial. Asks leave to come to town on his 
own business, all the ships being gone. [Jbid. No. 7.] 


1669. 
Feb. 21. 
Hull. 


Feb, 22. 


Woolwich. 


Feb. 22. 


Feb. 22. 
Woolwich. 


Feb. 22. 


London. 


Feb. 22. 


Feb. 22. 


Feb. 22. 
Falmouth. 


CHARLES II. 205 


Jos. Blaydes to the Navy Commissioners. Thanks for their 
letter. Shall be thankful for the money owing, now being the time 
to buy timber ; is sick, and not able to stir about, so has greater 
need of it. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 256, No. 8.] 


W. Hannam to Col. Thos. Middleton. The reason why the 
ship’s masts were not set when I was at Woolwich was chiefly the 
want of men. Pray move the Board that 20 may be allowed on 
weekly pay, to get the ships forward, and to clear the river of 
broken anchors and pieces of cable and wrecks. There are many 
men borne on the ships that might help the riggers, but they con- 
tinue to neglect their duty, and will give no assistance. [Jbid. No. 9.] 


Col. Thos. Middleton and Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy 
Commissioners. We have been at Woolwich, and viewed the wreck 
of the Royal James, and the works in hand there and at Dept- 
ford, and agree with the master shipwright that the Royal James 
ought to be fitted for a hulk, which may be done for 7501. ; but it is 
uacertain what time the repairs will take, by reason of the empti- 


ness of the stores, uncertainty of supplies, and want of dry docks. 
[Zbid. No. 10.] 


Edw. Byland to [the Navy Commissioners]. The spindle of the 
great crane being broken off, we are much troubled to shut the 
gates. I desire an order for fitting a new one, and also for a 
supply of spruce deals and reed, having put a period to all our 
reed in burning the Garland. [Jbid. No. 11.] 


Capt. Rich. Rooth to Thos. Hayter. Asks that 12 blank tickets 
may be given to the purser of the Garland. [Ibid. No. 12.] 


Grant to Col. Ant. Gilby, for 31 years, of the island called 
the Great Sand,in the river Humber, rent 5l. a year, after he has 
embanked 100 acres at his own charge. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 15.] 


Warrant to Henry, Lord Sandys, to preserve the King’s game in 
Hampshire. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 90.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. The Griffen has put in from Bar- 
badoes, having sprung a leak, and much damaged her goods; 
she would have perished had not the men continually laboured at 
the pumps. We hear by the Meaves and Antigua Merchant—which 
came out with 15 others, but lost them at sea—that Don Juan is still 
at Aragon, with a guard of 2,000 men, and does not intend coming in 
upon the Queen’s proclamation. His pretences are very plausible: 
that seeing that the peace is concluded between Spain and Portu- 
gal, he would have some of the taxes taken off; that the Queen 
convoys money out of the land, and that her confessor is a German. 
The country is mostly for him, as they are taxed upon their estates 
and the meat they eat. 

They also report that the Algiers men-of-war took 3 English 
merchantmen coming from Lisbon, and made prize of their goods ; 
but intend paying the freight; they allege that since the peace 
with England and France, no ships can be found at sea but what 
belong to one or the other, so that they cannot get any prizes by 
which to live and maintain themselves; also that Sir Thos. Allin is 


206 


1669. 


Feb, 22. 
Lynn. 


Feb. 23. 


Feb. 23. 
Ipswich. 


Feb, 23 ? 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


gone with 4 frigates to demand restitution or satisfaction, and to 
proclaim war if it is refused. The Leopard, with the English 
Ambassador, sailed for Constantinople before they came away. 
[2 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 256, No. 13.] - 


Edw. Bodham to Williamson. A wreck has been driven ashore 
with several firkins of butter, hemp, barrels of pitch, and 3. dead 
men; 3 other vessels were also driven on shore, but got off without 
much damage. The private meetings of the Nonconformists and 
Sectarians are frequented with more than usual confidence. The 
place is healthy, and the militia well settled. [Zbid. No. 14.] 


Deposition of Clement Harby and Wm. Gale, merchants of 
London, before Wm. Child, master in Chancery, that it was 
decreed by Signor Andrea Cornaro, Captain-General of Venice, on 
20 June 1664, that a dollar per mille then unduly levied upon the 
currants of Zante and Cephalonia, should not be exacted for the 
future, by the Providor, or Governor of Zante, on any of the English 
nation ; and in order that such decree should be inviolably observed, 
he commanded the Providor to transmit an attestation every 
3 months, signed by the English Consul and nation in Zante, that 
it was not paid; nevertheless, the English merchants residing at 
Zante have been constrained by the Providor to pay the dollar per 
mille, and Wm. Wayte, the English Consul at Zante, has violated 
his duty and trust, to the detriment of the traders and factors, by 
falsifying the attestations so given as directed, which the deponents 
are able to make appear. [Jbid. No. 15.] 


to John Knight, serjeant-surgeon to his Majesty, Durham 
Yard. Iam glad to see you so careful of your own safety and 
interest, and perceive the times require the use of all prudence 
and discretion. I shall inquire for you at Newmarket, and hope 
you will bring the warrant with you. 

Rich. Cole, a shipwright of Ipswich, and uncle to Capt. Cole of 
London, cut his wife’s throat and then his own; his is the most 
dangerous, his wife having guarded hers with her hands, which he 
has most unmercifully cut and mangled. He has about 507. or 601. 
per annum in land, besides shipping and money; if he dies, his 
personal estate, if not all, goes to the town. 

My wife has sent Mrs. Knight a couple of capons, and yourself a 
couple of pullets, to conclude the carnival; and as his Majesty has 
given no commands to the contrary, we hope you will have no scruple 
of conscience about eating them, though it be in Lent. [12 pages. 
Ibid. No. 16.] 


Memorandum that a reprieve is to be granted to Edw. Oram, 
prisoner in Newgate, during his Majesty’s pleasure. Also that 
the Lord Chief Justice, the Attorney-General, and the Recorder of 
London be instructed that it is his Majesty’s pleasure that Mr. 
Pargiter and others, bound over to the next sessions, or in custody for 
treason or misprision of treason, in clipping, washing, filing, melting, 
or otherwise diminishing the current coin of the realm, be continued 
on sufficient bail, or committed as cause shall require, until the 
next sessions. [Jbid. No. 17.] 


1669. 
Feb. 23. 


Barnstaple. 


Feb. 23. 
Hull. 


Feb. 238. 
Deal. 


Feb. 23. 
Treasury 
Chamber, 

Whitehall. 


Feb. 23. 
Woolwich. 


Feb. 23. 
Chatham. 


Feb. 238. 
The Harp, 
Kinsale. 


CHARLES II. 207 


Wm. Wakeman to Williamson. <A vessel has arrived from 
Lisbon with oil, sugar, and salt. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT, 256, No. 18.] 


Chas. Whittington to Williamson. Three vessels have been cast 
away near the Humber, and several others are reported to be lost ; 
16 laden vessels have sailed hence for Rotterdam and other places 
named. [Zbid. No. 19.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. Thos. Clark, master of the Friend- 
ship of London, with 60 tuns ef wine from Bordeaux for his 
Majesty, “came to me to protest against ‘the seas”; “there are no 
rumours of war there, but great preparations carried on whistly.” 
The whole fleet outward bound have sailed, except Mr. Pensax, 
who is disabled. [Zbid. No. 20.] 


Sir George Downing to Williamson. The Lords of the Treasury 
desire you to move Lord Arlington to recommend to Monsieur 
Ognati, in his Majesty’s name, that Phil. Cornelissen may take the 
remainder of the tin sold to him by Benj. Glanville, on behalf of 
his Majesty, and pay for it, or that it may be freed from Cornelissen’s 
arrest at Ostend, and be otherwise disposed of. [Copy. Ibid. 
No. 21.) Prejixing, 


Case stating that Glanville sold to Cornelissen, in Oct. 1666, 
20,000 lbs. of his Maesty’s tin, at 59 guilders per cwt., to 
be paid in Flemish money. That part of the tin has been 
delivered, and paid for, wpon the agreement, of which 
Glanville has rendered an account to his Majesty, and has 
also declared that the rest of the tin was weighed off to 
Cornelissen’s order long since, but has been detained for 
want of payment of the rest of the money due; and that his 
Majesty expects that Cornelissen shall, upon demand and 
offer of the tin, pay the remainder of the money at the price 
he bought it at, or leave his Majesty to dispose of it in some 
other manner. [Copy. Ibid. No. 211.] 


Wm. Acworth to the Navy Commissioners. I send an account of 
provisions issued from the stores fur making fortifications against. 
the approach of the Dutch, and of old junk, ropes, &c., issued for the 
Tower. Ifthe Ordnance Office is to pay the charge, the ship carpen- 
ters and labourers employed ought to be included. [Zbid. No. 22.] 


John Moore and Edw. Moorcock to the Navy Commissioners. There 
shall be no ill-husbandry of the money you have ordered. We never 
insisted on any reward for taking up the ordnance, nor charged 
anything extra, and those ordnance were taken up when we could 
do nothing else. We swept the river as far as the Mussel Bank, and 
have taken up 10 anchors, whereof 8 are delivered into the stores, 
and the other 2 shall be, if not necessary for our work. If the time 
spent in taking up ordnance be not thought so advantageous as 
other employments, we shall desist. Note of how the 160/. ordered 
would be disposed of. [Jbid. No. 23.] 

Capt. Rob. Hooper to the Navy Commissioners. I have been at 
Kinsale since 4 December. I understand you have given instruc- 
tions to Mr. Penn for taking charge of the ship, and for the men to 


208 


1669. 


Feb. 23. 


Feb. 24. 


Chatham. 


Feb. 24. 
Woolwich. 


Feb. 24. 
Whitehall. 


Feb. 24. 


Feb. 24. 


Feb. 24. 
Whitehall. 


Feb. 24. 


Coventry. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS, 


go to Dublin by land, and I, with the officers, to London; but 
having no accounts to pass, and being a bad traveller, hopes they 
will save him and the officers that trouble. The ship is not so bad 
but that she may go for Dublin, which will save her company a great 
deal of trouble and charge. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 256, No. 24.] 

John Robinson, master of the James hoy, to Thos. Hayter. Asks 
a warrant for 8 months’ victuals, having been forced to supply his 
company for 6 weeks on his own account. [Jbid. No. 25.] 

Account by John Brooke and 3 others of decayed and unservice- 
able provisions found in the stores at Chatham, and judged fit for 
sale, valued at 5287. 15s. 11d. [Ibid. No. 26.] 

Similar account by W. Hannam and 5 others of provisions at 
Woolwich, as appraised. [Jbid. No. 27.] 

Petition of Hartgill Baron, clerk of the Privy Seal, to the King, 
to summon Charles Bickerstaff to a hearing, for interfering with 
the petitioner’s right to his office, which was conferred on him at 
Brussels in 1658, and has been confirmed since the Restoration. 


_ With reference thereon to Council. [Jbid. No. 28.] 


Entry of the above reference, dated 26 Feb. [SP. Dom., Entry 
Book 33, p. 9.] 


Pass for 4 horses, 10 couple of hounds, 10 brace of greyhounds, 
and 2 couple of spaniels, for the Earl of Aylesbury. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 112.] 

Warrant to the Great Wardrobe to pay to Thos. Townsend, clerk 
of the Great Wardrobe, in place of Wm. Rumbold, deceased, 
301. 19s. 8d. for his yearly livery. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 16.] 


Similar warrant to pay to Sam. Green, under-clerk of the Ward- 
robe, in the room of Thos. Townsend, jun., 157. 6s. 8d. yearly for a 
livery. [Ibid.] 

Contract between the King and Sir Denis Gauden, Sir Wm. Penn, 
and Benj. Gauden, for victualling the Navy, on terms approved by 
the Treasury Commissioners and the Navy Commissioners. [Jbid.] 


Reference to the Ordnance Commissioners of the petition of 
Thos. Warren, that they may take his bond for 25 tons of saltpetre, 
at the price at which it has been given to others. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 33, p. 10.] 

R{alph] H[ope] to Williamson. Five carriers had their packs cut 
on Saturday last, between St. Albans and London, and lost to a 
considerable value, one of their horses being taken away and not 
yet heard of. [Wm.] Dudley, [Humble] Ashenhurst, and some 
others of that gang have been seen near, but none dare seize them ; 
they are so vigilant and well armed that they have openly ridden 
through several towns. The late pretended robbery of Lascelles 
and his wife, of a quantity of gold near Coleshill, is like to prove a 
mere cheat; Lascelles is the person that robbed a goldsmith in 
Yorkshire of the gold of which he himself was robbed. 

Great preparations are making at Stoneleigh for solemnising the 
funeral of the Duchess of Dudley, aunt to Lord Leigh of Stoneleigh 


1669. 


Feb. 24. 
Plymouth. 


Feb. 24. 


Yarmouth. 


Feb. 24. 


Bristol. 


Feb. 25, 
Whitby. 


Feb. 25. 


Portsmouth. 


Feb. 25. 


Feb. 25. 
Oxford. 


Feb. 25. 
Lyme Regis. 


79330. 


co} 


CHARLES II. 20 


a monument having been erected by her for herself some years since. 
She has been a great benefactor to that place, and has not forgotten 
them at her death. Preparations are also being made for re- 
ception of the Countess of Southampton at New House, a most 
pleasant seat a mile hence, which she has bought for 2,2002., and 
given the present tenant 1007. to leave it. The Nonconformists, 
headed by Kecleshall, have had meetings at Leather Hall, where 
Kecleshall preached. The magistrates prevented their having the 
place last Sunday, but they keep frequent public conventicles. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 256, No. 29.] 

John Clarke to James Hickes. The Purtland, Milford, and 
Pearl frigates have sailed to fetch the Prince of Tuscany, and the 
Nonsuch with Sir Jer. Smith has come in. He reports that she 
works and sails well. Several Newfoundland ships have put to sea, 
but none have arrived from foreign parts. [Ibid. No. 30.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. A vessel from Rotterdam reports 
that several ships have been. lost on the coast of Holland by the 
storm, Six others have come in from Rochelle and Bordeaux. A 
hoy has been put ashore 2 miles off, but the men and goods saved. 
Several colliers have passed to and from the northward, and a 
dogger has come in from the North Seas, with live cod and some 
barrel cod. [Jbid. No. 31.] 

James Baskerville to Williamson. I have been very ill, but am 
better. Several ships have sailed, but none arrived. [Lbid. No. 32.] 


Thos. Waade to Williamson. A breach with France is noised 
about here, and if it should fall out, I beg you to renew our corre- 
spondence. We have had a great fall of snow, and the ways are very 
impassable. The Dragon of London has been cast away near the 
harbour, and all but 2 men perished. [Zbid. No. 33.] 

Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. We are expecting the return of 
Sir Jer. Smith in the Nonswch, to inform us about the trial of that 
frigate sailing with the others appointed for the same service. 
[Lbid. No. 34.] 

Morgan Lodge to [Williamson]. I send up the packet and a 
receipt for another put on board the Mary, bound for Lisbon. 
[Ibid. No. 35.] Annexing, 

Receipt by Edmond Ayres (?) from Morgan Lodge of a packet 
directed to Fras. Parry, remaining for the King’s affairs in 
the Court of Portugal, which he promises to deliver on arrival. 
Feb., Deal. [Ibid. No. 351.] 

Hilaire Decry to Rob. Francis. Thanks for your remembrance. 
I hope to be worthy of it. Keep a little corner in your heart for me. 
Your cousin salutes you, and wants 17 yards of prunella buying 
for a gown; also the Gazettes as usual. [Hrench. Ibid. No. 36.] 

Giles Ivy to Williamson. While out shooting game, my gun, 
though on the cock, took fire, which was the death of 2 children on 
a hill behind me. The coroner’s inquest and the parents of the 
children acquitted me of guilty intent, but yet I am bound over to 


answer it at the Dorchester assizes. Knowing that the judges, before 
o 


210 


1669. 


Feb. 25. 


Feb. 25. 


Feb. 25. 
Whitehall. 


Feb. 25. 
Whitehall. 


Feb. 25. 
Deptford. 


Feb. 25. 


Portsmouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


they go their circuit, usually take leave of his Majesty, I beg you 
will then acquaint them of my innocency, and the unhappiness of 
the accident, and request them to show what favour they may. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 256, No. 37.] 


Deposition of Bernard Nicholas, mariner of London, sworn before 
Sir Thos. Bludworth, that Jacob Lucie, merchant of London, and 
other subjects of his Majesty, are owners of the Mary and Jane of 
London, which was taken and adjudged prize, under the name of 
Abraham’s Offering, alias Abraham’s Sacrifice. [Lbid. No. 38.] 


Warrant for a grant of denization for Jacob Poiiwells, an alien. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 90.] 


Commissioners of Prizes to the Navy Commissioners. On petition 
of Dan. Arthur, in behalf of those interested in the Jolly of Nantes— 
seized as a prize in June 1667, and brought into Plymouth, but since 
restored with her lading by the Commissioners of Appeal—we 
request you to pay them 1200. 6s., at which she was sold to 
John Lanyon, your agent at Plymouth. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 256, 
No. 39.] Annexing, 

Inventory and appraisement by John Dell and 4 others, of 
19 ballots of cloth taken out of the Jolly of Nantes, and 
delivered to Lanyon, by order of the Commissioners of Prizes, 
amounting to 1201. 6s—Plymouth, 10 July 1667. [Ibid. 
No. 391.] 

John Lanyon to the Navy Commissioners. I demanded the 20 
ballots of canvas from the Commissioners of Prizes, and 
went aboard the Jolly of Nantes, where I found 18 bolts of 
noyals canvas, £c., which I entered in the Custom House, and 


have since received.—Plymouth, 19 July 1667. [Ibid. 
No. 3911] 


M. Wren to Pepys. To-morrow being sermon day, his Royal 
Highness intends to meet sooner than ordinary, and desires you to 
come at 8} a.m. and to impart this to the Board. [lbid. No. 40.] 


Jno. Cox and 4 others to [Pepys]. We have appraised the 
decayed and unserviceable provisions mentioned, in the stores at 
Deptford, and their value is 1387. 15s. 9d. [14 pages. Ibid. No. 41.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. I want spruce 
deals to complete the works on the Advice and Fairfax. I find no 
one willing to deal for any quantity of plank, which I must have, 
and no money is yet ordered to Master Reidge, notwithstanding your 
promise that it should be had, so as to encourage others. If it be 
delayed, none will buy timber to convert for plank, with the promise 
of payment ; so that in one month, you will be in the same straits 
with ready money as you are now without it. [2 pages. Ibid. 
No. 42.) Anneuing, 

Apprarsement by Ant. Deane and 2 others of the anchors 
arrwed in the Edgar, total 1941. 11s. 3d—23 Feb. With 
note of the Board's approval thereof, but their agreement for 


them is suspended till they know how to pay for them.— 
2 March 1669. [Ibid. No, 421] 


1669. 
Feb. 25. 


The Lenox, 
Holehaven. 


Feb. 26. 


Feb. 26. 


CHARLES II. 211 


Capt. John Holmes to the Navy Commissioners. Wants pro- 
visions, the time for his victualling being out. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 
256, No. 43.] 

Wm. Williamson and John Huntington, masters of the Black Dog 
and Adam and Eve hoys, to the Navy Commissioners. Want pro- 
visions. The Black Dog has delivered her lading of timber at 
Deptford, and is going with the Adam and Eve to Stockwith for 
more. [Ibid. No. 44.] 

Thos. Holder and 2 other Commissioners of [Lord Admiral] the 


African House, Duke of York to the Navy Commissioners. Having directed Paul 


Loudon. 


Feb. 26. 


Feb. 26. 


Feb. 26. 


Feb. 26. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


Feb. 26. 


Tatenell, his Royal Highness’s surveyor for prizes, to sell the pieces 
of cable belonging to him in the yard at Deptford, we desire your 
order to your officers there to deliver them to whom he may 
appoint. [Zbid. No. 45.] 

James Carkass to the Navy Commissioners. I received the 
wages of Nath. Walker of the Royal Charles, for service done from 
Aug. 1665 to Oct. 1666, amounting to 18l. 4s. 6d., which sum had 
been split into two tickets of 61. 5s. 7d. and 111. 8s. 11d. (sic). I paid 
the money to Elizabeth Bowen at Chatham ; the petitioner has 
done me great wrong in her accusations before the Committee of 
Council, before you, and before the Commissioners of Accounts; the 
latter on examination have dismissed the case three times, finding 
nothing against me, [See 16 July 1667. Ibid. No. 46.] 

Sir George Carteret to the Navy Commissioners. I presume the 
hindrance to furnishing the accounts required by you was that my 
books were lodged with the Commissioners of Accounts, but Mr. 
Fenn will give the satisfaction you desire to-day. [Jbid. No. 47.] 

John Tyrwhitt to the Navy Commissioners. His Royal Highness 
having given me the command of the Speedwell frigate, I ask a 
warrant appointing as master George Wood, late master of the 
Edgar, and also master of the Henrietta under my command. 
[Zbid. No. 48.] Enclosing, 

Trinity House certificate that George Wood of Wapping is 
capable to take charge as master of any ship or frigate, to the 
northward and southward.—20 May 1668. [Zbid. No. 481.] 

Capt. John Wettwang to Col. Middleton. Asks him to order 
George Wood as master to the Dunkirk, he having been 
found able by the Trinity House—London, 20 May 1668. 
[Zbid. No. 4811.] 

Warrant for a grant to Rob, Harding, ôf the manor of Bramcote- 
cum-Trowell and Chilwell, and other lands, co. Notts, late belonging 
to the Monastery of Sempringham, co. Lincoln; the writings by 
which he holds it, according to a grant from Queen Elizabeth, 
having been lost or spoiled during the late wars. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 25, f. 91.] 

Warrant to Sir John Howell, Recorder of London, and the sheriffs 
of London and Middlesex, to release on sufficient security Anne 
Seymour, alias Sharp, convicted at the Old Bailey of felonious 
stealing of some small things, and ordered to be transported ; also to 
insert her in the pardon next to come out for Newgate convicts, 

Oo 2 


. 212 


1669. 


Feb. 26. 


Feb. 26. 


Feb. 26. 


Feb. 26. 


Essex House. 


Feb. 26. 
Whitehall. 


Feb. 26. 
Plymouth. 


Feb. 26. 


Newcastle. 


Feb. 26. 
Deal. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


omitting the proviso for transportation usually inserted in the 
pardons. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 28, f. 20.] 


Warrant for a grant to Nath. Ludlow and Edw. Boswell, at the 
former rents, of the manors of Husborne Tarrant, Ibrop, and 
Upton, co. Hants, mortgaged by Chas. Poulet in 1664 to Edmund 
Ludlow, sen., and afterwards forfeit to him, and escheated to the 
Crown by his attainder. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 113.] 


Doequet of the above, dated March 5. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 19.] 


Warrant for a grant to Rachel, Viscountess Falkland, of 3,0007. 
out of embezzlements of prize goods, in the kingdom of Ireland; 
granted on account of the constant loyalty of her husband, Harry, 
late Viscount Falkland, and the straits in which he has left her 
and her son, the present Viscount, on account of debts contracted 
in the service. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 113.] 


Licence to Sir Thos. Sandys, Bart., and the other trustees of the 
indigent loyal officers residing within the bills of mortality, to 
hold one or more plate lotteries anywhere in the kingdom for 
6 years, with prohibition to all others to hold the same ; those only 
to receive the benefit who served the late King during the rebel- 
lion, are resident in London or Westminster, and have no other 
place of abode, and no employment or subsistence ; excluding also 
from benefit the managers of the grant, and those who ride in the 
King’s guard. [Ibid. f. 114.] 


Report by John Rushworth that—the Lord Keeper being ac- 
quainted with the petition to the King in the name of Wm. 
Birstall, D.D., as also with that of Sir And. Henley—he is of opinion 
that if any endeavours are used to persuade his Majesty or 
the Lords of the Privy Council to stop proceedings at law, he 
cannot advise them to do so, [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 256, No. 49.] 


Order granting the petition of Sir And. Henley, that his Majesty’s 
reference on the petition of Dr. Birstall, who has abused the peti- 
tioner and caused his lady to miscarry, may not obstruct the pro- 
ceedings at common law in the actions now depending. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 9.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. I have received your friendly advice 
as to the neglect of the Cornish postmasters, but the coming 
in of the frost and ill weather stops the mails, which may be 
some excuse during the winter time; I will be careful as to 
Mr. Williamson’s letters for the future. The Prince of Tuscany is 
expected in a few days. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 256, No. 50.] 


Rich. Forster to Williamson. Particulars of the movements of 
ships. Several of those that are to sail are intended for France. 


[Ibid. No. 51.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. An Ostend vessel laden with linen 


cloth ran upon the Goodwin Sands ; the crew and passengers were 
saved. [Ibid. No. 52.] 


CHARLES II. 213 


1669. 

Feb. 26. Order signed by Giles Dunster, on behalf of the Commissioners for 
taking accounts, requiring William Wardour, Clerk of the Pells, to 
attend them at Brooke House, Holborn, on Wednesday next. 
[S.P. Dom., Oar. II. 256, No. 53.] 


Feb. 26. J. Russell to Rob. Francis. I expect to be in London in 6 weeks, 
Blickling. when I will pay my respects to you. [Zbid. No. 54.] 


Feb. 26. Nich. Wood to Williamson. I had asad journey, from the grievous 
weather, and was forced to go by land part of the way; but I have 
arrived at Yarmouth, and lodge at the Wheat Sheaf; and as this is 
the greatest inn in the town, it is probable there will be very good 
play for it [the lottery ?]. [Zbid. No. 55.] , 


Feb. 27. Certificate by John Henson, vicar of Terrington St. Clement 
Norfolk. and St. John, and rector of St. Edmond, North Lynn, &c., and by 
Thos. Wilde, vicar of Wigenhall St. Mary and of Islington, that 
George Allsop, curate of Tilney, is a man of sober life and con- 
versation, a painful preacher, and a true lover of God’s Church. 


[Zbid. No. 56.] 


Feb. 27. Thos. Watson to [Sir John Reresby]. I suppose your brother [Yar- 
ie John’s Col- burgh] has informed you of his intention to stand a trial at the 
lege, Cambridge. election for a fellowship; I think, from his good behaviour and his 

improvement, that he will have a very fair plea. I cannot expect 
that he should have a fairer opportunity, it being proper to the 
school of Sedbergh, and given by the same person that founded the 
scholarship: I desire to be remembered to your lady, and wish you 
joy of your young heir. [Jbid. No.57. See pp. 228, 229, infra.] 


Feb. 27. Marquis of Dorchester to Williamson. Let the enclosed be de- 
livered to Lord Arlington, with my humble thanks. [Zbid. No. 58.] 


Feb. 27. Ant. Thorold to Hickes. A Danish vessel, laden with 400 
Lyme. barrels of tar, deals, butter, and tallow, ran ashore on Sidmouth 
beach, but all her men, with 200 barrels of tar, &c., were saved. 
Several vessels outward bound have been forced back by contrary 

winds. [Jbid. No. 59.] 

[Feb. 27.] Petition of Lieut. George Finlawson to the Bishop of London, 
Lord Almoner, to partake of the King’s bounty on Maunday 
Thursday next; served the late King during the wars, and at 
Tangiers, under Lords Rutherford and Belasyse ; lost his right hand 
in fighting against the Moors, and cannot support his family. 
[Zbid. No. 60.] 

Feb. 27. Recommendation of the above petition by Lord Arlington, the 
poor man being a fit object of charity. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, 
p. 10.] 

Feb. 27. Warrant to Sir John Howell, Recorder, and the Sheriffs of Lon- 
don and Middlesex, to enlarge on bail Capt. Jonas Lindloff, con- 
victed at the Old Bailey sessions of horse-stealing, and to insert 
him in the next pardon, leaving him out in the proviso for trans- 
portation. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 28, f. 24.] 


Feb. 27. Sir John Mennes to the Navy Commissioners. Reports pro- 
ceedings taken to obtain returns from the several storekeepers of 


214 


1669. 


Feb. 27. 


Feb. 27. 


Feb. 27. 


Feb. 27. 


Feb. 27. 


Hamburg. 


Feb. 28. 
Plymouth. 


Feb. 28. 


Deal. 


Feb. 28. 


Dover. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


the yards, for the use of the Commissioners of Accounts, and also 
as to tickets, lists of officers of the Navy, and their salaries, ships 
employed since Sept. 1664, &e. [2 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 256, 
No. 61.] 


Col. Thos. Middleton to Pepys. I sent particulars to the Com- 
missioners of Accounts, of the provisions in the’storehouses at my 
first general survey, which is the same as if transmitted to you; also 
the returns of the clerks of the survey of Chatham and Harwich, but 
not of Portsmouth, Deptford, or Woolwich, as they were involved in 
the storekeeper’s accounts. I cannot give a list of vessels employed 
by his Majesty during the war. [Jbid. No. 62.] 


Thos. Lewis to Pepys. I send a paper which Sir Denis Gauden 
intended to present to the Board, it being called for, and he doubt- 
ing his being able to attend. [Jbzd. No. 63.] 


John Devel to the Navy Commissioners. I desire an order to 
Mr. Marlow to certify the sufficiency of my securities, that I may 
be no longer hindered of receiving another ticket for one lost, 
having made affidavit and entered into a bond for his Majesty’s 
indemnity. [Jbid. No. 64.] 

Roger Baker, purser [of the Dartmouth], to Pepys. I beg your 
assistance for a speedy trial of my business with my captain, the 


ship being paid, and timely notice to bring in my witnesses. [Jbid. 
No. 65.] 


Edw. Chamberlain to Williamson. By my lord’s command [the 
Earl of Carlisle], I send you an account of our voyage. We arrived 
yesterday, too weary to write by that post, and this post goes by 
Antwerp. On the 15th, my lord set forward from Amsterdam, and 
never rested a day till our arrival here, though our accommodation 
was often uneasy, open, slow waggons, and our lodging oft on straw. 
Our passage from Zwol, by Lingen to Bremen, was through barren 
desert 150 miles, bad diet, worse ways, dangerous passages through 
great waters, then a sudden frost, much ice, deep snows, and dark 
nights. It was sometimes 11 p.m. before we found a baiting place. 
I wonder that my lord could endure so much, and that I could 
endure more than ever I did in my life. 

After a little refreshment here, my lord will go forward, although 
at this season it is almost impossible to reach Stockholm, either by 
sea or land, and he will tire us all out; but his Majesty’s affairs 
must not be neglected. [Ibid. No. 65a.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. Particulars of the arrival of ships. 
[Zbid. No. 66.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. The new Nonsuch has come in 
with Sir Jer. Smith, who goes for London to-morrow, a pleasure 
boat having arrived for him. The Dutch captain who gave direc- 
tions for setting the masts of the Nonsuch is to command during 
his absence; she is reported to be the best sailer in the world, 
which was caused by the art of this Dutch captain. [Zbid. No. 67.] 


J. Swaddell to Williamson. I arrived at Dover at 11 o’clock, and as 
the tide is almost spent, must beg pardon for brevity. [Zbid. No. 68.] 


1669. 
Feb. 28. 


Dover. 


Feb. 28. 
Milford. 


Feb. 28. 


Feb. 28. 
Deal. 


Feb. 28. 


Feb. 


Feb. 


[Feb.] 


Feb. 


Feb. 


Feb. 


Feb. ? 


CHARLES II. 215 


Jo. Carlile to Williamson. Mr. Swaddell will be at Calais in 
3 hours ; I hired a vessel and saw him aboard, and recommended 
him to a friend there for his more speedy despatch to Paris. I may 
thank Mr. Blayney in part for my long illness, as grief was the 
principal cause. Let me continue in your favour ; I will be always 
ready to serve you. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 256, No. 69.] 


John Powell to Williamson. No news; no shipping in the 
harbour. [Jbid. No. 70.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Ibid. Vo. 71.] 


Rich. Watts to Rob. Francis. There is 300/. due to Mr. Ketch- 
rell of Deal, for the hire of his ketch, the Two Sisters of Deal, 
during the war with Holland. The money is payable by the Navy 
Commissioners, and his bills are signed; if you can get him his 
money, he will give you 20 per cent. I hope you are mindful of 
my petition to the farmers. I hear from Thanet that a ship sank 
at the North Foreland, and that all her men were drowned. [Jbid. 
No. 72.] 

Warrant enlarging the protection granted to John Cassells, alias 
Castles, for 14 days from the present date. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 28, f. 21.] 


Warrant for allowing the salaries of the Secretaries of State to 
be paid out of customs arising from unwrought wood, masts, 
timber, &., granted to Sir Rob. Paston, Bart., in lieu of the Post 
Office. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 108.] 


Licence to Mr. Bridgeman to travel for one year. Minute. [Zbid. 
f 110] | 

Warrant for a lease to Ralph Montague, in reversion after 
George Kirk, of a third of Gillingham Forest, on double the old 
rent, but remitting the fine. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 17, p. 281.] 


Warrant to pay to Isaac Le Gouse, King’s jeweller, 2,8002., for a 
jewel given by the King to the Queen. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 17.] 


Warrant to the Master of the Great Wardrobe, to deliver to 
Rich. Smith, clerk of the cheque of the Guard, 100 pair of red 
breeches, 100 livery coats, 100 velvet bonnets, 100 pairs of worsted 
stockings, and 100 waist and 50 carabine belts, for the Yeomen of 
the Guard. [lbid. No. 18.] 


Wm. Williamson, master of the Black Dog hoy, to the Navy 
Commissioners. Particulars of a voyage from Woolwich to Stock- 
with for timber, and from thence to Deptford to unload. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. IT. 256, No. 73.] 


“ Papers on Sir Wm. Jennings’ case, touching the supernumeraries 

in the Sapphire” :— 

Certificate by Nath. Bunch [purser of the Sapphire], 16 Jan. 1669, 
that if he does not make it appear that the supernumeraries 
whose names appear on the Sapphire’s books, trom 27 April 
1667 to 15 Dec. 1668, were occasioned by the sudden reduce- 
ment of the ship’s company from 180 to 160, and the conse- 


216 


1669. 


Feb, 


Feb. 


Feb. ? 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


quent taking in of men on the approach of the enemy, he will 
make satisfaction himself. With note that on 23 Jan. 1669, it 
was brought to the board by Sir W. Jennings.—16 Jan. 1669. 
[S.P. Dom., Car, TI. 256, No. 74.] 


Certificates by W. Burroughs of the number of men borne on the 
Sapphire between 20 April 1667 and 7 Nov. 1668, being the 
time Sir W. Jennings was commander. With shorthand notes, 
undeciphered—16 Jan. 1669. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 75.] 


Like certificate of the supernumeraries in the Sapphire whilst the 
Dutch were in the river, 10 June to 23 July 1667.—2 Feb. 
1669. [Ibid. No. 76.] 


Nath. Bunch to the Navy Commissioners. I send particulars of 
the supernumeraries who were on the books of the Sapphire for 
the years 1667 and 1668, and who were victualled by me. Those 
in 1667 were occasioned by adding men when the Dutch came 
up the river; those of 1668 by the men who fell sick. I must 
confess that I had no order from Sir Wm. Jennings to bear | 
them as supernumeraries, which was my mistake, being some- 
times above and sometimes below my complement. I throw 
myself on your mercy for the allowance—28 Jan. 1669. 
[lbid. No. 77.] 


Muster book of men belonging to the Sapphire since her last 
departure from Portsmouth ; mustered from 16 Feb. to Sept. 
1668. [3 columns. Ibid. No. 78.] 


Petition of Sir Wm. Jennings to the Duke of York, to consider 
the reason which caused him to err in taking in more men 
than those allowed him, and to give him an order to receive 
his pay for the time he served as commander in the Sapphire, 
which is stopped. [JIbid. No. 79.] 


Statement of particulars with reference to Sir Wm. Jennings’ 
case, showing that from the discrepancy of Sir William’s state- 
ments, his delays in producing proper books, his attempt to 
throw the blame upon his purser, and his former practices in 
the Ruby, there is great ground to suspect him of want of 
integrity, in the affair of the supernumeraries on board the 
ship commanded by him from 20 April 1667 to 7 Nov. 1668. 
[44 pages. Ibid. No. 80.] 


Estimates of sea and harbour provisions for all ships except 
those of the winter guard and the yachts, for the month of August 
1668, 4,386/. 14s.; September, 3,927.. 6s.; December, 2,5937. 14s. ; 
and February 1669, 2,322/. 1s. 4d. [4 papers, Ibid. Nos. 81-84.] 


Memorandum [by Rob. Mayors, purveyor] of the quantity and 


quality of some spruce deals belonging to George Body. [Jbid. 
No, 85.] 


Petition of George, son of the late Sir Thos. Stepney, to the King, 
to admit Wm, Cooke to all the profits and allowances due to him as 
Groom of the Privy Chamber supernumerary, which place he pur- 


1669. 


Feb. ? 


Feb. 2 


Feb. ? 


Feb. 


Feb. ? 


Feb, ? 


CHARLES II. 217 


chased from Thos. Greene for 3007. ; cannot prevail with the Lords 
of the Treasury to pass his docquet for 3s. 4d. a day for board 
wages, granted him 12 Oct. 1664, and the Master of the Wardrobe 
refuses him 40/, a year for livery, of which 3 years are due, having 
orders to pay no supernumeraries, so that his arrears amount to 
3761. 14s. 10d. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 256, No. 854.] Anneaxing, 


Certificate by Sir John Berkeley and 5 others, that Wm. Cooke 
served the Duke of York 6 years as commissioner for 
managing his household affairs, and is a fit servant for his 
Majesty—10 Feb. 1669. [Ibid. No. 854 1.] 


Note of request from Hen. Roger, High Sheriff of Somersetshire, 
for the same favour as granted to Sir George Horner, the last sheriff, 
of permission to appoint a deputy to attend at the assizes, he being 


ill. [Ibid. No. 86.] 


Request of the lottery patentees to know the King’s opinion about 
their attending the Lord Mayor and aldermen, as to their lotteries. 


[Ibid. No. 87.] 


Account by one of the patentees of the lottery for officers, that 
Sir Thos. Sandys and 3 more of them attended the Lord Mayor, 
delivered their patent on request to the Recorder, Sir John Howell, 
and are to receive an answer from the Lord Mayor and aldermen on 
Tuesday. Suggestion that the King and Lord [Arlington] should 
take occasion to speak to the Lord Mayor and Recorder on their 
behalf. [Zbid. No. 88.] 


Minutes of warrants relating to the appointment and salary of 
the Excise Commissioners, viz. :— 


Warrant to pay 250l. each a year to Sir Denis Ashburnham, Sir 
George Benyon, Fras. Finch, and Edw. Wingate, out of the 
revenue of Excise, until his Majesty shall find some other 
employment for them.—July 1668. 

Warrant to pay to Sir D. Ashburnham, Bart., and other late 
Commissioners and Governors of the Excise, 2501. each yearly, 
and to J. Ball, late cashier, 2001. a year from the Excise revenue ; 
not to be registered for payment in course, but continued till 
the King’s farther pleasure. 

Constitution of Rob. Spencer and 8 others as Commissioners of 
Appeals for regulating Excise, granting them 2001. a year each 
out of the Excise duty.—Feb. 1669. Endorsed with notes of 
salary to the Committee of Plantations—Jan. 1669. [Jbid. 
No. 89.] 


Account of the receipts and expenses of the Earl of Sandwich as 
Extraordinary Ambassador to Spain and Portugal, the former 
amounting to 19,2531. 7s. 4d., and the latter to 25,567. 1s. 3d. 
With note by Lord Arlington that the same having been referred to 
the Committee for Foreign Affairs, it has been allowed, and his 
Majesty has also approved of it. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 90.] 

Note [by Williamson] that the said accounts of the Earl of Sand- 
wich are allowed by the Committee for Foreign Affairs, subject to 
certain deductions, &c., named. [Zbid. No. 91.] 


218 


1669. 
Feb. ? 


Feb, ? 


Feb. 
Feb. ? 


Feb. 
Deal. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Eight queries submitted for the King’s consideration with refer- 
ence to certain ceremonies to be observed with or by the Prince of 
Tuscany, who intends landing at Plymouth, and passing from thence 
incognito, and so remaining all the time he shall be in England, as 
he was when in Spain ; with the answers to them. [3 pages. S.P. 
Dom., Car. II. 256, No. 92.] 


Answer by the Queen Mother to 5 of the said queries. As to 
the first 3, relating to his reception, and the officials to be sent to 
attend him, there is no scruple. As to the 4th, the King should not 
put on his hat, in order that the Prince may remain bareheaded. 
As to the 5th, suggestions are made about his visit to the Duke and 
Duchess of York. As to the 6th, Prince Rupert, being the King’s 
cousin, and the son of an Elector of the empire, should receive the 
first visit from the Prince. As to the 7th, the Prince cannot follow 
the example of the Duke of York as to remaining covered or un- 
covered, they not being equal. As to the 8th, there will be no 
difficulty made as to his precedence after the Duke and Duchess of 
York, should they dine in public. [French. 3 pages. Ibid. No. 93.] 


Translation of the above. [134 pages. Ibid. No. 94.] 


Account by Stephen Fay of expenses incurred subsequent to his 
arrest at Rye at the suit of Mark Serjeant, master of a ship, for 
his passage money from St. Valery, and for moneys lent, amounting 
in the whole, including the debt and costs, to 21}. 5s. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 256, No. 95.] 


Lists sent by Mor. Lodge to Williamson, of ships in the Downs 
during the month, as follows :— 


bi 256. Date. | King’s. | Merchant. | Wind 
0. 

96 Feb. 1 1 10 S.W. 
97 5 3 1 14 S.W. 
98 meade 1 16 S.W. 
99 Ae 1 18 S.W. 
100 oe 1 19 S.W. 
101 ager l 20 S.W. 
102 TANG 1 20 S.W. 
103 0 l 21 S.W. 
104 Oat 1 25 S.W. 
105 art 1 27 S.W. 
106 MS 1 27 S.W. 
107 KT 1 26 S.W. 
108 s d 1 30 S.W. 
109 ee l 30 S.W. 
110 ae 1 31 N.W. 
111 » 19 1 5 N. 

112 » 20 l 15 N.W. 
113 i 1 8 N.N.W. 
114 » 22 l 2 N.E. 
115 » 23 l 1 N.W. 
116 ed 1 2 S.E. 
117 ae 1 2 E. 

118 » 26 1 2 N.E. 
119 » 28 1 7 S.W. 


1669. 
March 1. 


Petworth. 


March 1. 


Wareham. 


March 1. 


Pendennis. 


March 1. 
Falmouth. 


March 1. 


CHARLES II. 219 


Earl of Northumberland to Lord [Arlington]. I would not have 
so long deferred sending the names of those I desire to be presented 
to his Majesty as deputy-lieutenants, could I have got their answer 
earlier. As the lists differ but little from what was before, I doubt 
not of the King’s approbation therein. [This was granted 5 March, 
see p. 224 infra. K.P. Dom., Car. TI. 257, No. 1.] Enclosing, 


Names of 11 deputy-lieutenants proposed for Northumber- 
land. [Ibid. No. 11.] 

Names of 6 proposed for Newcastle. [Ibid. No. 111.] 

Names of 9 proposed for Sussex. [Ibid. No. 1111.] 


Thos. Adamson to Rob. Francis. Mrs. Moundeford, senior, is very 
ill, but much revived at the sight of her daughter. I delivered her 
your letter, which was kindly accepted, but I believe she could not 
answer it for the world’s ransom; she leaves all her business to 
Hen. Widdrington, who acts as a father to her child. I gave the 
second letter to the young lady herself, who sends her humble 
service, and sends a letter for Mr. Widdrington, which she desires 
you will deliver. I suppose she has given him some account of her 
employment, as she has been so concerned for her mother since I 
brought her home, that she has not been over the threshold yet. I 
hope you will come with my lord, who attends the King to New- 
market, to witness the foot race, and I will then wait upon you, it 
being only 22 miles distant. Give mine and my wife’s humble 
service to Lady Crane, my valentine, Madam Carnaby, and 
Mr. Widdrington. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 2.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. There are 40 sail now in harbour; 
the George, laden with oils, sailed this morning for London, and one 
for Plymouth with iron. [Jbid. No. 3.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. A vessel from Rouen reports that 
the plague has quite left the town, and that the French King 
is building 120 boats of 8 tons each, which he intends to put 
into 8 squadrons of English, Dutch, and French, who are to sham a 
sea fight for the divertisement of the Court. Several ships outward 
bound have put to sea, and others have come in. [Jbid. No. 4.] 


Capt. Leonard Harris to the Navy Commissioners. I arrived from 


Little Victory, Leghorn with marble stones, by order of Sir Thos. Allin, and was 


Spithead. 


March 1. 
Whitehall. 


March 1. 
Woolwich 
Ropeyard. 


forced in here by contrary winds, where I shall wait your orders. 


[Ibid. No. 5.] 


Sir George Carteret to the Navy Commissioners. : I directed 
Mr. Waith to wait upon you, and he represented that as all orders 
from the Lord High Admiral, for entering ships into pay and dis- 
charging them, were directed to you, the records of your office must 
suffice to answer the question required by the Commissioners of 
Accounts. As all our sea books and net books are in the custody of the 
said Commissioners, I could not answer the question what ships 


have been paid. [14 pages. Ibid. No, 6.] 


Wm. Bodham to the Navy Commissioners. I need a supply of 
tar, some yarn having received damage for want of it, through the 
moistness of the walls. [Jbid. No. 7.] 


220 


1669. 


March 1. 
Victualling 
Office. 


March 2. 


Portsmouth. 


March 2. 


Portsmouth. 


March 2. 


March 2. 


Navy Office. 


March 2. 
Woolwich. 


March 2. 


Newcastle. 


March 2. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Thos. Lewis to the Navy Commissioners. Capt. Thos. Gurling, 
formerly commander of the Barbadoes fireship, was indebted on his 
victualling account, he having been allowed his wages. The 
victualler begs allowance for what he stands charged with, much 
being lost through the sinking of the ship, with a great portion of 
the provisions, in Chatham river. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 257, No. 8.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to Pepys. My wife, on second thought, 
thinks the piece of plate should be a tankard, if there is 
time enough to stop the flagon. [14 pages, much defaced. Ibid. 
No. 9.] i 


Capt. Ant. Deane to Mat. Wren. Observations on masts, &c., in 
store, and the purposes for which they are required. The Little 
Victory arrived at Spithead with marble for his Majesty’s houses. 
[4 pages, damaged. Ibid. No. 10.] 


Rob. Maddocks to Surveyor Thos. Middleton. Upon the promise 
of ready money, my brother [J. Maddocks] has served in several 
pieces of very good plank, when it was not very easily to be had, 
and is buying more in Suffolk, which he cannot go through with, 
unless he is supplied by payment of his bills. [Zbid. No. 11. See 
Calendar 1667, p. 361.] 


Surveyor Middleton to Pepys. I send an account of unser- 
viceable and decayed provisions from the several yards. I have 
also visited his Majesty’s houses and offices in possession of the 
victualler, and find some of them taken down, being rotten, and 
those standing ready to drop down. Inquiring the reason, Sir 
Denis Gauden says he took them down to preserve his men’s lives, 
lest when at work they might fall on their heads; but he intends to 
re-build them or erect a double-roofed house in the yard in their 
stead. [Zbid. No. 12.] 


W. Hannam to the Navy Commissioners. I will put in practice 
the rules of the Navy for causing men to give attendance, now they 
are being paid monthly. It was the neglect of the Assistance’s 
company that I complained of to the surveyor. Here are 11 ships 
and 57 men borne upon them, and if two-thirds would give attend- 
ance, I should be able to comply with the work; but the cooks 
complain that if they gave constant attendance, and had not liberty 
to get money some other way, they could not live. I told them they 
should have all the liberty that could be afforded, but must be here 
at the docking and launching of ships; they thought they were 
hardly dealt with. I hope to complete the number of 25 in the 
rigging house. [1} pages. Jbid. No. 13.] 

Humphrey Pibus to the Navy Commissioners. I shall use all 
means to ship the 80 masts, but fear not to be able until the blowing 
month of March is over, when I shall have more ships, and the 
masters will be more willing to hazard them. [Jbid. No. 14.] 


Jas. Hayes to the Navy Commissioners. I want an order to the 
officers at Woolwich, for a longboat for the Wevenhoe ketch, lent by 
the King to Prince Rupert and others for a voyage to Hudson’s 
Bay, her former boat being staved. [Jbid. No. 15.] 


1669. 
March 2. 
Rye. 


March 2. 
Deal. 


March 2. 


Portsmouth. 


March 2. 


Portsmouth. 


March 2. 
Plymouth. 


March 2. 


Newcastle. 


March 3. 


Bristol. 


March 3. 
Falmouth. 


March 3. 
Falmouth. 


March 3. 


Yarmouth. 


March 3. 
Weymouth. 


CHARLES II. 22). 


Edmond Harris to the Navy Commissioners. I want a reward 
for a Hastings man, for recovering part of a cable belonging to the 
St. Andrew. I also beg that the money long since disbursed by me 
may be paid. I ordered Phineas Cheston to receive it, but he could 
never get any of it. . [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 257, No. 16.] - 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Nothing has been heard of the 
8 or 10 seamen that left the vessel on the Goodwin Sands in the 
long boat; it is feared they are lost, as the boat was small, and 
many in it, beside some rich goods. [Lbid. No. 17.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Egpedition from Genoa and 
Leghorn, laden with merchants’ goods for Amsterdam, put into 
Spithead for sails and other necessaries. [Zbid. No. 18.] 


Same to the Same. The Little Victory has arrived at Spithead 
from Leghorn, with marble for his Majesty, and is bound for the 
Thames. [Jbid. No. 19.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. A ship has arrived from Leghorn and 
one from Cadiz. The Concord, that sailed for the Isle of Wight, 
sprang a leak, and put back to be repaired. [Jbid. No. 20.] 


Rich. Forster to Williamson. There have 3 ships come in; the 
laden fleet still remains, waiting for a fair wind. [Zbid No. 21.] 


James Baskerville to Williamson. A vessel has come in with sherry 
from Cadiz, being the first imported since the Act for the new impo- 
sition. French wines are also very scarce, so that it is believed his 
Majesty, or the Farmers of Customs, will lose as much by the cus- 
toms as that duty amounts to here. [Jbid. No. 22.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. To the same effect as his letter to 
Hickes of the 1st. Also, a vessel from Marseilles reports that the 
Turks made a great breach upon the outworks of Candia; that most 
of the French succours sent there were killed in the onset, and that 
unless a speedy supply is sent, the city will be in much danger of 
being taken. I beg to be supplied with the news-letters, having had 
none 2 or 8 posts. [1% pages. Ibid. No. 23.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect as the latter part of the 
above. [Ibid. No. 24.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. There have 23 vessels sailed for the 
North Seas to catch cod ; several others have come in, one of which 
was boarded at sea by a Turkish man-of-war, who took some in- 
considerable things, and told them the peace would not long hold. 

The Independents have fitted up a place for public meetings with 
seats for the people, and a desk for the parson, where at least 1,000 
met. The titting up was not taken notice of before they met, only 
by their own party, by which may be seen the secret intelligence 
they hold with one another. Lord Gerard arrived last night, and 
left this day. He rode round the town to take a view, in company 
with Dr. Lewin’s son. [Jbid. No. 25.] 

John Pocock to James Hickes. The Mousehwnter hoy was cast 


away at Portland on 28 Feb., laden with pitch; the greatest part of 
her cargo was saved, but not the ship. [Zbid. No. 26.] 


222 


1669. 


March 3. 


Chester. 


March 3. 


March 3. 


March 3. 


March 3. 


March 4. 


March 4. 


March 4. 


March 4. 


March 4. 


March 4. 


March 4. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Ma. Anderton to Williamson. The Mary yacht has arrived with 
Lord Fingall [Luke Plunkett] and his lady, and Col. FitzPatrick 
from Dublin; the Earl of Derby has issued orders for the militia 
of this county to muster during the month, to see in what posture 
they are for service in case of exigence. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 257, 
No. 27.] 


Warrant for discharge of Margaret Griffith from her imprison- 
ment, on giving security to transport herself to Virginia. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 115.] 


Licence to Col, William Howard, Sir Simon Fanshaw, Sir Henry 
Chichley, Sir William Neale, Bart., Sir William Mason, Sir William 
Carr, Cols. Guy Molesworth, Rowland Laugherne, Lamplugh, 
Conyers Griffin, Moubray, Lieut.-Col. Thomas Godfrey, Major 
Thomas Herne, Wigmore, and — Crompton, to hold 
plate lotteries in Ireland, provided they be not prejudicial to the 
Royal Oak Lottery granted to James Roche for 7 years. [Jbid. 


f 116) 


Warrant to James Beck, serjeant-at-arms, to apprehend Sir 
William Coventry, and convey him to the Tower for having sent a 
challenge to the Duke of Buckingham. Minute. [Jbid.] 


Warrant to Sir John Robinson, Lieutenant of the Tower, to 
receive Sir William Coventry. Minute. [Ibid.] 


Note by Sir John Robinson, Lieutenant of the Tower, that he has 
received Coventry by the hands of Beck, serjeant-at-arms, according 
to his Majesty’s order. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 257, No. 28.] 


Warrant to John Bradley to convey Henry Saville to the Tower. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 116.] 


Warrant to the Lieutenant of the Tower to receive him. Minute. 


[Ibid.] 


Post warrant for Capt. Bevill Skelton to come to London from 
York. Minute. [Jbid.] 


Warrant for a grant of denization for George de Coster, an alien, 


Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 91.] 


Warrant for remission to Fras. Wiltshaw, captain of the Antelope, 
in consideration of former service, of a fine of 2821. 10s. to which 
he is condemned by the Commissioners for discovery of prize goods 
embezzled, provided he satisfy the discoverers for the portion allotted 
to them for discovery. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 26, f. 48.] 


Warrant to Sir Edw. Griffin, Treasurer of the Chamber, to pay 
100/. to Humphrey, Bishop of London, chief almoner, to be dis- 
tributed in alms on Maunday Thursday, Good Friday, and Easter 


Monday. [Lbid.] 


CHARLES It. 223 


1669. 


March 4. Recommendation from Lord Arlington to the Lord. Bishop 
Almoner, of the petition of John Foresey, an ancient servant of the 


King, for alms on Maunday Thursday. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, 
p. 12.] 


March 4. Thos, Goose, purser of the Sweepstakes, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. I beg that my papers may be reviewed, and just right 
allowed, [John] Shales and other officers having testified to their 
accuracy. I sent provisions to ships named by my captain’s order ; 
if I had denied, I should have been put in the bilboes, as others 
have been. I could not command the wind and sea; you have the 
officers’ hand, and the captain’s letter, and I hope you do not think 
all men are liars. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 257, No. 29.] 


March 4, Edw. Grainge, cook of the Assistance, to Sir John Mennes. 
Woolwich. The master attendant at Woolwich requires that I and the other 
warrant officers should attend to do duty, and labour wherever he 
appoints; this being a thing not practicable in the Navy, we 
refused to work except aboard the ship to which we belong ; 
therefore he has caused our victualling warrants to be stopped. 
We desire your order to the clerk of the cheque, that we may have 
our warrants, and not be required to work as common labourers. 


[Ibid. No. 30.] 


March 4? Richard Green, purser of the Monmouth, to Pepys. The provisions 
of the Monmouth are all delivered at Sir Denis Gauden’s storehouse 
at Deptford, except one boat with beer. I desire a survey, that I 
may be cleared, and have a receipt. [Jbid. No. 30A.] 


March 4. Rob. Bransby to Lord Conway, Ragley Lodge. I beg payment 
London. of my bill of 200/., for goods delivered at your house in Queen Street, 
having received only 607., and given credit for above 4 years. [bid. 

No. 31.] 


March 5. Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. No ships in the Downs; there is a 
Deal. report that the French resolve upon Flanders the ensuing summer. 
[Lbid. No. 32.] 


March 5. Rich. Forster to Williamson. Particulars of the arrival and 
Newcastle. departure of ships. [Jbid. No. 33.] 


March 5. Order of the Commissioners of Accounts that Wm. Wardour, 
Brooke House, Clerk of the Pells, be desired to prepare accounts of all receipts and 
Holborn. issues of money by virtue of the Act for granting 1,250,000. for his 
Majesty’s supply, as also upon the Poll Bill, and an explanatory 
Act thereof, and that such accounts be framed as directed, and 

delivered in to them upon oath. [Jbid. No. 34.] 


March 5. Certificate by Rob. Foorthe and 9 others, churchwardens and 
inhabitants of St. Saviour’s, Southwark, to the Judge of Assize 
and gaol delivery for Surrey, that Wm. Clint has been an inhabitant 
several years, is honest, but poor, and is no ways given to defrauding, 
or known to have been tainted in his reputation. [Jbid. No. 35.] 


[March 5.] Like certificate by Zach. Populer and 4 others, that Clint, a dray- 
man, has lived with them as a servant, and that they always found 


224 


1669. 


March 5. 


March 5. 


Prison. 


March 5. 


March 5. 


[March 5.] 


March 5. 


[March 5.] 


March 5. 


March 5. 


March 5. 


March 5. 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


him honest and faithful. Also certificate of Jo. Halle and 11 other 
justices of the peace that he has lived with several brewers in the 
Borough for many years, and has a very good repute amongst his 
neighbours. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 257, No. 36.] 


Sir John Denham to Lord Arlington. I find by my patent that I 
have power to make a deputy, during my life; and according to 
the King’s desire, intimated by the Duke of Buckingham, I have 
appointed Dr, Christopher Wren my sole deputy. I desire his 
lordship will obtain a warrant for him, he having been already 
sworn. I know of no verbal deputations, and if Mr. May or any- 
one else pretends thereto, it is without my knowledge or consent. 
[Lbid. No. 37.] 


M. de la Fabvolitre to Williamson. I beg you to obtain me 
Lord Arlington’s pardon. My offence has been done in ignorance. 
I thought I was doing right in making a plan of Whitehall, as 
ordered by the King, but could not do it without a protection, 
because I owed money, and was in danger of arrest. I beg an 
order that my papers, books, and drawings may not be spoiled, 
also leave to have the society of my friends. [Ibid, No. 38.] 


Earl of Manchester to Lord Arlington. Being satisfied that it is 
the desire of the college, I give Edmond Smith leave to have a 
dispensation to capacitate him to be chosen Fellow of Queen’s Col- 
lege, if his Majesty will grant a dispensation in regard to county. 


[Ibid. No. 39.] 


The King to the [Vice-Chancellor] of Cambridge. We recommend 
Thos, Williams, who has for some time past attended our Royal 
person, and shown singular knowledge in compounding medicines, 
to the degree of M.D., without fees or exercises, dispensing with our 
letter of 15 July last, or any other statute to the contrary. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 98.] 


Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 257, No. 40.] 


The King to the Dean, &c.,of Salisbury. We recommend Gabriel 
Thistlethwaite, a kinsman of Sir Edw. Hungerford, to the first 
vacant prebend in that cathedral, he being a person of good note 
and quality, and Sir Edward, who has sued for him, deserving well 
for his loyalty. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 99.] 


Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 257, No. 41.] 


Approbation of John Ashburnham and 8 others, as deputy- 
lieutenants for Sussex. Minute. [S.P. Dom. Entry Book 20, 
p. 196.] 


Approbation of Lord Widdrington and 10 others, as deputy- 
lieutenants for Northumberland. Minute. [Jbzd.] 


Approbation of the Mayor and 5 others, as deputy-lieutenants 
for Newcastle. Minute. [Zbid.] 


Warrant for renewal of the commission of 20 Oct. last, for esta- 
blishing a Coancil of Trade, adding thereto the Earls of Devonshire 


1669. 


March 5. 


March 5. 


March 5. 


March 5. 


[March 5.] 


March 5. 
Whitehall. 


CHARLES II. 225. 


and Sandwich, George, Viscount Halifax, and George, Lord Berkeley, 
of Berkeley Castle ; with a clause confirming the acts of the former 
Commission. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 92.] 


Sec. Trevor to the Treasury Commissioners. His Majesty wishes 
you to issue orders for Sir Wm. Temple, Ambassador at the Hague, 
to have the same allowance of 10l. a day which has been esta- 
blished for Ambassadors at the Northern courts. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 26, f. 49.] 


Warrant for a pardon to Theophilus Birkenhead from burning in 
the hand, to which he was condemed at the Old Bailey sessions, 
for manslaughter of Rob. Brookes, committed under foul provoca- 
tion. [SP. Dom., Entry Book 28, f. 21.] 


Pass for 3 horses to France for Francis Cole. Minute. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 116.] 


Warrant for the Half-Moon, an English prize ship, to be entered 
and registered. Minute. [Jbid., f. 117.] 


Pedigree of the Howard family from Sir Rob. Howard, who 
married Margaret, heiress of Thos. Mowbray, [first] Duke of Norfolk, 
in its several branches. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT, 257, No. 414.] 


Warrant for a grant to Lord Henry Howard, brother to the 
Duke of Norfolk, of the dignity of Baron Howard of Castle Rising, 
Norfolk. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 117.] 


[March 5.] Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 257, No. 42.] 


March [5]. 


March 5. 


March 5. 


March 5. 


March 5. 
March 5. 


[ March 5.] 


March 5. 


March 5. 
79380. 


Doequet of the above. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 25.] 


Warrant to Sir George Carteret to pay 3,000/. to John, Lord 
Robartes, Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, towards his equipage and 
preparations for that employment, the same to be allowed him 
on his accounts. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 117.] 


Pass for Nicholas Bryan, his wife and 9 children, to Germany 
Minute. [Zbid.] 


Pass for 16 coach-horses and geldings to France for Lord 
Arundel of Wardour, custom free. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 257, 
No. 43.) 


Minute of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 380, f. 116.] 


Warrant to Sir Harbottle Grimstone, Master of the Rolls, to 
permit Joseph Williamson, Keeper of State Papers, to peruse and 
transcribe all leagues, treaties, &c., within the Chapel of the Rolls, 
without paying any fees, and to make use of all indexes, calendars, 
and repertories for furthering the same. Minute. [Zbid.] 


Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 257, No. 44.] 


Similar warrant for him to peruse the Records in the Exchequer. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 117.] 


Draft of the above 2 entries. [Zbid.] 


226 


1669. 


March 5. 


March 6. 


London. 


March 6. 


Victualling 


Office. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Warrant to pay to the Duke of York from the Exchequer 225017 
being the annuity for three quarters of a year of the 3,0007. a year 
granted him for maintenance of his children, the said annuity to 
be paid in future from the sums saved by the reduction of the 
officers of excise. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 19.] 


Thos. Clutterbuck to the Navy Commissioners. Mr. Longland, 
my agent at Leghorn, has solicited Sir Thos. Allin, Capt. [| Rob. ] 
Robinson in the Ruby, and Capt. [Fras.] Digby in the Montague, 
to receive part of the provisions remaining there, but they have 
all refused, pretending they have no orders to receive them. I 
request an order that the first ships which arrive may receive them 
or transport them to Tangiers, so as to prevent their total loss, and 
further charge of warehouse room, &c. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 257, 
No. 45.] 


Thos. Lewis to the Navy Commissioners. Nathaniel Butler, 
formerly purser of the Amity, brought his papers for passing his 
accounts, among which was a certificate of the leakage of 77 gallons 
of brandy, on which he took an affidavit; I gave him a certificate 
that he was somewhat a creditor, in order that he might receive his 
wages, but Sir John Mennes refused it, whereupon I returned the 
papers to the purser, and said that unless he could get it allowed, his 
account would not be balanced. He came to this office 10 days 
since, with Mr. Jones, the solicitor, who demanded why he was set 
down in the list of pursers in debt, having his certificate that 
he had cleared. I reminded him that misreckoning was no pay- 
ment, and that an error was no plea for not clearing his account, 
and tore up the certificate I had given him. [Jbid. No. 46.] 
Annexing, 


Petition of Nath. Butler to the Navy Commissioners, that 
he may not be put to any trouble in his account, having 
passed it as purser of the Amity, for her voyage to Guinea, 
and produced to them Mr. Lewis's certificate, which Lewis 
afterwards tore in pieces, and petitioner is thereby become 
liable for the whole account. With order by Lord Brouncker — 
that Mr. Lewis is to satisfy the Board of the truth of what 
is alleged in the petition. [Ibid. No. 461.] 


Thos. Lewis to William Hewer. I send a return to the peti- 
tion of Nath. Butler, and an account of the state of the 
balunce-—6 March 1669. [Ibid. No. 4611] 


Debtor and creditor accqunt of Nath. Butler. With note that 
if the brandy alleged to have been lost by leakage, and which 
amounted to 6l. 18s. 44d., had been allowed, he would have 
been a creditor for 5l. 17s. 8d. [Ibid. No. 46111.] 


Account of men borne on board the Amity frigate, and of 
provisions, &c., received, and returned; with the amounts 
debited and credited to Butler, purser, from Jan. 1660 to 
Jan. 1662. [Ibid. No. 461v]. | 


CHARLES II. 224 


1669. 
March 6. Capt. John Wettwang to the Navy Commissioners. Will assist 
Newcastle. [Hum.] Pibus in shipping the masts for Deptford, after the great fleet 
has come, if the weather proves fit. [S.P. Dom., Oar. II. 257, 
No. 47.} 


_ March 6. M. Wren to Pepys. As the Duke is going out of town, is 

Whitehall. there any further order required from him with respect to the 
William, or any other order necessary to be despatched? [Jbid. 
No. 48.] 


March 6. Edw. Sherburne and Rich. March to Pepys. Having given com- 

Ordnance mand to take away all the guns lying upon the wharf at Wool- 

Office. wich, we desire you to order that the skids they lie upon may be 
delivered, and go with them. [Jbid. No. 49.] 


March 6. Account of work done in [Thos.] Turner’s house at Crutched Friars, 
amounting to 8l. 5s. 1d. With note that it was concluded unfit to 
be laid upon the King, it being done without the Navy Commis- 
sioners’ order or knowledge, and that Mr. Turner’s removal was by 
his own desire, and to his own advantage. [Jbid. No. 50.] 


March 6. The King to the Master and Senior Fellows of St. John’s College, 
Cambridge. We recommend John Masters, B.A. of that college, 
third son of Sir Edw. Masters, who suffered much for loyalty, 
for the first vacant fellowship there. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, 
p- 100.] 


March 6. Letter to the President, &., of Queens’ College, Cambridge, to 
allow Edmund Smith, B.A., to stand candidate for a fellowship, 
although the number of persons appointed by statute from the 
county of Suffolk, where he was born, is filled up. Minute. 
[Zbid.] 

March 6. Pass for 7 horses to France for Colonel [John] Strode. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 117.] 


March 6. Grant to Dr. Chris. Wren, LL.D., of the office of Deputy Sur- 
veyor of Works in the Tower, and other the King’s residences, 
at request of Sir John Denham, Surveyor, on account of his weak- 
ness. [Zbid. f. 118.] 


[March 6.] Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 257, No. 504.] 


March 6. Recommendation to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition 

Whitehall. of Ralph Folyard, for his arrears of 5 years, due Midsummer last, 
the King being much troubled that a person so near in attendance 
about his own person, and honest and assiduous in his service, should 
be so far in arrear. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 12.] 


March 6. Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of Wm. 

Whitehall. Gorsuch, deputy bailiff for Woodstock Manor and Wootton Hun- 
dred, for repayment of 1461. 4s. 2d., laid out by him in repairing the 
manor house. [Jbid. p. 14.] ; 

March 6. Reference to the Duke of York of the petition of Wm. Howard, 

Whitehall. for the ship Friezland, lying in Chatham river, much strained in 
her hulk, without masts, and not worth repair. [Zbid.] 


228 


1669. 
March 6. 


March 6. 


Bristol. 


March 6. 


Lyme. 


March 6. 


March 7, 


March 7. 
Milford. 


March 7. 


Portsmouth. 


March 7. 


Newcastle. 


March 7. 


March 7. 


Thribergh. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Wm. Blathwait to Williamson. I send the 270 figures asked 
for, and hope they will be approved; I could not get them before. 
They are 2 sous each, coming to 27 florins; if 500 were bought, 
M. Blasu would take 14 sous each. I have not yet met with the 
Looks you asked me for. [French. S.P. Dom., Car, TI. 257, No. 51.] 


Jo. Fitzherbert to Williamson. Several ships outward bound 
have been driven back with damage. The Talent from Cadiz re- 
ports that Sir Thos. Allin is before Algiers; that of the English 
ships lately rifled, only 2 were carried into Algiers, and that when the 
rest of the Algiers men arrive there, it is reported that the captains 
will lose their heads, for giving the English such great abuse. 
Other English merchant ships have been used very cruelly by their 
men-of-war, without the least sign of discontent. [Jbid. No. 52.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. The Charles from Havre de Grace 
reports that they have bettered their harbour, and can now receive 
ships of great burthen; also that they are making dry and wet 
docks, and are very active in raising men, and fitting ships for the 
relief of Candia. [Zbid. No. 53.] 


William, Lord Willoughby, to Lord [Arlington]. I have adjusted 
the disposal of the 200/., and send the names of 21 officers con- 
cerned, with the amount each is to receive. [l4 pages. Ibid. No. 54.] 


Same to Williamson. Lord Arlington desires you to write 
to the Treasury Commissioners about the 2007. intended for 
Major Needham and his distressed company, a list of which, 
and of the distribution according to my judgment, he has 
already received. His Lordship spoke to Lord Ashley and Mr. 
Treasurer about paying the same into my hands, but I shall employ 
Capt. Ennis in my stead, who will obey Lord Arlington’s commands. 
[Ibid, No. 55.] 


John Powell to Hickes. A ship arrived last week from the 
Canaries, Jaden with wines for London, and two ships for the 
Barbadoes. [Jbid. No. 56.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Nonsuch has arrived from 
the Downs to have anew mainmast, her present one being too small. 
The Hapedition and Little Victory from the Straits are at Spithead. 
[Zbid. No. 57.] 


Rich. Forster to Williamson. There have 20 sail of light ships 
arrived from Ipswich, &. [Ibid. No. 58.] 


Information by John Thursby and John Bowman, constables of 
Gateshead, given on oath before Isaac Basire, D.D., of 13 persons 
named, who were present at a conventicle at Sam. London’s house 


in Gateshead, on Sunday, 7 March, 1669. [Copy. Ibid. No. 59.] 


Sir John Reresby to Williamson. Pray procure either a mandate 
or the King’s letter, in favour of my youngest brother, Yarburgh 
Reresby. He is a scholar of St. John’s, Cambridge, and capable of 
a fellowship now void, and intends standing a trial at the election 
on 25 March ; but having a competitor in the same capacity, who is 


1669. 


March 8. 


[March 8.] 


March 8. 


[March 8.] 


March 8. 


March 8. 


March 8. 


March 9. 
Plymouth, 


March 9. 


Newcastle. 


March 9. 
Deal. 


CHARLES II. 229 


the President’s quondam sizer, he has nothing to balance it. 
Dr. [Peter] Gunning is master, and his tutor is [Thos.] Watson, whose 
letter I have enclosed, to show you his proficiency. [S.P. Dom, 
Car. 11, 257, No. 60.) | 


Warrant to the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster to order Sir 
John Curzon, receiver, to pay 750/, to John Hall, after the 1,500/. 
ordered for the Navy. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 118.] 


Note of alterations suggested in a grant to Mr. Hall. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 257, No, 61.] 


Petition of Capt. Rich. Mynors to the King, for licence to navigate 
a small ship to the East Indies, his estate and family being there, on 
security to the company not to meddle in commerce. Served the 
late King, and being obliged, on surrender of Colchester, to leave the 
kingdom, served the East India Company. Was a commander of 
ships in the late naval war. [Jbid. No. 62.] 


Petition of Chris. Barker to the King, for letters mandatory 
for the next beadle’s place vacant in Cambridge University. Has 
been sequestered 20 years, and been a great sufferer for his loyalty, 


_ to the utter ruin of his estate and family, and has no way left to 


support himself, but by his Majesty’s grace. Was formerly a 
member of the University, and is capable for the office solicited. 
[Zbid. No. 63.] 


Earl of Manchester to Lord Arlington. I permit Chris. Barker to 
have his Majesty’s recommendation for the next vacancy, if he shall 
be pleased to grant his letters. - [Zbid. No. 64.] 


Wm. Dugdale to Williamson. I recommend the bearer, who has 
been employed at the Tower in transcribing records, and under- 
stands the abbreviations, and has skill enough to make good Latin. 
I think he will be fit for what you desire. [Jbid. No. 65.] 


John Page to Williamson. Mr. Crouch will carry the packet for 
Sir Thos. Allin to St. Sebastian’s or Madrid; to encourage him to go, 
I promised him to attend you, but not being able to see you after 
waiting 3 hours, I beg a line. I know of aship bound for Cadiz, 
if you intend sending by sea, and have requested Mr. Crouch to 
wait until the return of the post for instructions. I have a 
great part of my estate in Spain, so I beg, if it runs any hazard, 
which is much feared, that you will let me know. [2 pages. 
Ibid. No. 66.] 


John Clarke to Hickes, A ship bound for Cadiz put in here, 
having lost her topmast, &c., in a storm. The Prince of Tuscany 


is expected, [Zbid. No. 67.] 


Rich. Forster to Williamson. No ships have left the harbour, but 
several have arrived. [Jbid. No. 68.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. There are in the Downs 5 ships, 
bound for Lisbon, Malaga, Bordeaux, &c. [Ibid. No. 69.] 


230 


1669. 


March 9. 
Deal. 


9 
March y 


Calais. 


March 9. 


March 9. 
Woolwich. 


March 10. 


Ordnance 
Office. 


March 10. 


Woolwich. 


March 10. 


Falmouth. 


March 10. 


Dover. 


March 10. 


Post Office. 


March 10. 


Deal. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Rich. Watts to Rob. Francis. I suppose Mr. Williamson has 
received my articles of complaint against Marsh. Pray remind him 
of them, and also of my petition; I judge one article alone will be 
sufficient to dismiss [Barth.] Marsh. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 257, 
No. 70.] 


Father Patrick Ma Ginn to [Williamson]. I have arrived safe at 
Calais, after being detained 4 days and nights at sea by fogs 
and bad winds, and am almost recovered in health. Pray despatch 
the King’s letter for my brother, he being at my expense all the 
while he stays; Mr. Barker will pay the fees. I have written to 
Sir R. Beeling to mind [you] in the business with the Queen. 
[Ibid. No. 71.] 


Roger Eastwood to the Navy Commissioners. Has made and set 
the mast of the Nonsuch with a New England tree, her former 
one having been a Gottenburg mast. [Jbid. No. 72.] 


Edw. Byland to Pepys. Will put the 2 ships proposed in 
hand, and sends a demand for fitting them, and entering more men. 
Queries about sheathing the Foresight, docking the Jersey, and 
launching the Garland. Gave Col. Middleton an account of the 
bricklayers’ works. [Ibid. No. 73.] 


Fras. Nicholls and Edw. Sherburne to the Navy Commissioners. 
Ask the number and nature of the guns to be carried by the William 
merchant ship, fitting as a man-of-war, having received order from 
the Duke of York to supply her. [bid. No. 74.] 


W. Hannam to the Navy Commissioners. You wish me to 
certify the condition of Woolwich where the ships lie afloat; 
the river has now grown so ill, that I judge it not: safe for the 
Falcon to take in her provisions and guns here, but at Halfwaytree, 
where she may receive them. [Jbid. No. 75.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. There are 40 sail of merchantmen in 
port outward bound. I have had no letter from Mr. Williamson 
this 3 or 4 posts. If he will not write, I shall forbear writing any 
more. [Jbid. No. 76.] 


Jo. Carlile to Williamson. I saw Esquire Murray on board the 
packet-boat, and believe he got over in 4 hours. Our Ambassador, 
with a small retinue, has arrived at Calais, and intends furnishing 
himself with Frenchmen. [Jbid. No. 77.] 


A. Ellis to Williamson. Not finding any packet for Spain from 
Mr. Page, I procured a cover from him, and a few lines recommend- 
ing the packet to his correspondent; and that the boat might not 
depart till the express should arrive, I stayed the mail till six. 
[Zbid. No. 78.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. The Little Victory, a fireship, has 
been sent home by Sir Thos. Allin, with stores for Greenwich House ; 
it is reported she is full of rich merchant goods. [Ibid. No. 79.] 


‘ 


1669. 


March 10. 


Weymouth. 


March 10. 


Yarmouth. 


March 10. 


Bridekirk. 


March 10. 


March 10. 


March 10. 


March 10. 


March 11. 


CHARLES II. 201 


John Pocock to Hickes. A ship has arrived from St. Malo, with 
the report that a great fleet is preparing for the Newfoundland 
fishery. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 257, No. 80.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. We hear of daily losses by the late 
storms, several ships belonging to Yarmouth having been cast 


away, and nearly all their men drowned. Two vessels have come 
in. [Zbid. No. 81.] e 


George Williamson to Jos. Williamson. Having to pay Mr. 
Stewart 3002. on the 15th, may I expect anything from my cousin 
Lamplugh ? and how will he pay the consideration for the school, 
which will then be due? I will preserve your credit and my bond. 
I cannot hear what my defalcations will amount to; pray speak to 
Capt. Cock that all may be cleared. 

1 cannot find a person here who has instruments to survey 
Milbeck as you would have it, but can have the ground surveyed 
directly, and can take in the situation of the adjacent parts, with 
the woods, mountains, islands, and rivers. I am getting a pair of 
millstones to the mill, and intend to build up the old dovecot and 
other decayed houses, that a farmer may have encouragement to 
take it. I intend keeping it this year by way of stewardship, to 
see what can be made of it. I will attend you in a few days with 
all the writings. [Jbid. No. 82.] 


Warrant confirming the payment from the Excise and new impost 
of the wages for 74 years past of the officers of Excise, amounting 
to 10,8002., some doubt having arisen whether they should not have 
been paid from the Exchequer ; also authorising the future payment 
from the Excise of 5001. a year to John Birch, auditor of Excise ; 
2001. a year to 3 clerks; and 500l. and 240l, a year to Elias 
Ashmole, comptroller. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 20.] 


Warrant to pay to Sir Denis Gauden, Victualler of the Navy, 91. 
surplus of his account for provisions sent to Dunkirk garrison in 
1661, according to privy seal, and to pass his accounts, though their 
nature was not the same as that directed by privy seal. [Jbid. 
No. 21.] 


Warrant to pay to Sir Denis Gauden 28,0001. for providing sea 
victuals for 5,000 seamen for 6 months, from 1 Jan. last. [Jbid.] 


Order granting the petition of Sir Charles Cotterell, master of 
the ceremonies, that his son, Clement Cotterell, may have a grant of 
the reversion of the office, as the petitioner had when Sir Balthazar 
Gerbier was master, and that meanwhile he may have leave to 
travel, in order to fit himself for its better accomplishment. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 38, p. 14.] 


Rice Freeman, purser of the Hampshire, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners, It is more than 7 years since I was appointed purser of 
the Bear, and 4 years after that, purser of the Hampshire ; in all 
this time no complaint has been exhibited against me, notwith- 
standing the many accidents the late war exposed me to, being 
forced to supply the ship, and the sick and wounded, witb necessaries 


232 


1669. 


March 12. 


Wareham. 


March 12. 


March 12. 


London. 


March 12. 
Plymouth. 


March 12. 


Newcastle. 


March 13. 
Easton 
[Manduit]. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


out of my own purse, which you will find by papers sent. If you 
cannot help me, pray state my case to his Royal Highness, that I 
may be paid my bills and extra uecessary money, my ship being 
ordered for sea. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 257, No. 83.] 


Thos. Adamson to Rob. Francis. I delayed writing, expecting 
you would have been at Newmarket with my lord. The old gentle- 
woman is in a very dangerous condition, and time should not be 
delayed. Capt. Crane and Mr. Cambridge dined this day with me at 
Mrs. Moundeford’s; he is on his way to Stoney-in-the-Fen with 
Mr. Blake. Pray observe my former letter, and see the old gentle- 
woman, by whom you will be kindly welcomed, and by the young 
one no less. Pray deliver the letters enclosed. [Jbid. No. 84.] 


Sir Edm. Jennings to [Williamson]. A difference having arisen 
between a common brewer at Leeds and the officers of Excise, which 
had to be determined by the Mayor and aldermen, and they not 
satisfying the ends of the excisemen as they desired, complaint has 
been made to Council, and the Mayor and Alderman Lawson have 
been sent for, to answer for something said or done prejudicial to 
the King’s service. As they are private persons, and strangers to 
the Lords of the Council, they conceive they may suffer under some 
undeserved character, by misrepresentations. I having been long 
acquainted with them, must represent them fairly as persons of un- 
blemished loyalty, of right principles, and not a little instrumentally 
active towards his Majesty’s restoration, which is well known to 
most of the country ; if there is occasion, they may have the testi- 
mony of all the justices of the peace and gentlemen in the country. 
They wish to rectify the frequent insolences and abuses committed 
by Excise officers. Pray represent them fairly to Lord Arlington, 
that they may not be prejudiced at the Council table. 

Endorsed is a note from Jonathan Jennings to Williamson. I 
take the convenience of my brother’s letter to renew our French 
acquaintance, and to assure you that what he writes about the 
loyalty of the persons now impeached is true, and I could give par- 
ticulars of their hazarding life and fortune for the restoration. 
Mbid. No. 85.] 


James Hickes to Williamson. [Thos,] Burrowes of Kinsale has sent 
8 barrels of scollops as presents to you, to your clerks, and to me. 
I want letters to the Bristol postmaster to forward them. I am 
ill with a violent cold. [Zbid. No. 86,] 


John Clarke to Hickes. There are 10 or 12 ships in port, waiting 
for a fair wind to sail for Spain, Portugal, &c.; one vessel has 
arrived from Bilbao, laden with lemons and oranges.  [Jbid. 
No. 87.] 

Rich. Forster to Williamson. There have 30 ships arrived; the 


laden fleet, sailed on Wednesday, but put back again by contrary 
winds. [Jbid. No. 88.] 


Sir Henry Yelverton [Bart.] to Williamson. Thanks for the news. 
The country is dull, and so many seditious reports are spread, that 
a little true news comforts us and prevents mischief, I hope Lady 


1669. 


[March 13.] 


Saturday. 
Newmarket, 


March 18. 
Deal. 


March 13. 


March 13. 


March 13. 
Whitehall. 


March 14, 


March 14. 
Portsmouth 
Yard. 


March 14. 


Portsmouth. 


March 15. 
Milford. 


CHARLES II. 233 


Thomond will persuade you into these parts, and I shall take it a 
particular kindness if a man of so great employment as you are 
could allow me some share of your company. If my park is of any 
service, I shall be obliged by your commands. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 
257, No. 89.] 

Sir Nich. Armorer to Williamson. 
horse coming for you. 
coach a-foxhunting. 


There is some mistake in no 
It is 4 a.m. and the King is going into his 
[Ibid. No. 90.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. The ship had sailed before your 
packet arrived; shall I bring it back when I wait upon you next 
week, or leave it at Deal? [Jbid. No. 91.] 


Certificate by Rob. Mayors that the usual custom of making bolt 
reed in the river Thames is one ell, and one inch circumference. 


[Ibid. No. 92.] 


Note of a remainder of 5,0007. still unpaid, on a nobleman’s patent 
for 8,000/., to be paid by 250l. a quarter, and of 1,300/. still unpaid 
on a privy seal of 3,000}. for money lent the King at Worcester; 
sent to Madame Greaves, Durham Yard. [Jbid. No. 924.] 


Sir John Trevor to Attorney-General Palmer. I desire you to 
consider how far the law will countenance the prohibition of the 
importation of corn, and to prepare a proclamation thereon for 
Council, the great quantities of grain now imported having occa- 
sioned a fall in the markets, to the great discouragement of 
husbandry. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 93.] 


Prohibition to any person in Great Britain or Ireland, for 
2l years, to epitomize or reprint a book on geography in 
3 volumes folio, by Rich. Blome, of St. Clement Danes, Middlesex, 
illustrated with great variety of delightful and useful maps, schemes, 
and figures; or to copy or counterfeit any of the said maps or 
plates, without his approbation. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, 
J. 155.] 


Ben. Johnson to Williamson. I have been laid up with the gout, 
so could not write. The new Nonsuch is at Spithead, having had 
some alterations made to advance her sailing. The captain and 
officers are at London, about a difference between him and his lieu- 
tenant. The Dragon is fitting for the Mediterranean; the new 
ship goes on apace, care being taken fur supplying the stores with 
timber. The Fairfax and Advice are in hand, and the dock is in 
good forwardness for 2 others. The yard has been paid the first 
quarter in arrear, and the men are now paid monthly. [S.P. Dom., 
Car, TI. 257, No. 93.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Nonsuch has set her new 
masts, the former proving too slender, which Sir L. von Hemserat 
makes his plea for not performing his promise to his Majesty, 
of her sailing 3 feet for 2 to any other of his ships. [Zbid. 
No. 94.] 


John Powell to Williamson. A vessel has arrived at Tenby from 
St. Martin’s in France, and reports that the French King is very 


234 


1669. 


March 15. 
March 15. 


Falmouth. 


March 15. 
March 15. 


Pendennis. 


March 15. 


Wareham. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


rigid to the Protestants, and has summoned them to depart in a 
certain time, on pain of imprisonment and confiscation, and that he 
is putting the summons into execution. Other vessels have come 
in from places named. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 257, No. 95.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 96.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. Several ships have been forced 
back by contrary winds. The Morning Star has come in, and 
reports that she was met off Cadiz by an Algiers man-of-war of 
30 guns, well manned, who came on board and demanded a Moorish 
boy that they had; having found him, they carried him to their 
own ship, and by beating him upon the soles of his feet, and other 
torments, made him confess to much money on board the Star, 
which they came and took, amounting to 8,0007. or 10,0007. The 
captain told them that they had broken the articles, and that he 
would go to Algiers or Lisbon to report it; so they prevented him 
by keeping him company 8 or 10 days, to watch him until he was 
sufficiently out of his way. They carried the Moor away with them. 
[13 pages. Ibid. No. 97.] Annexing, 


Particulars of the boarding of the Morning Star, freighted by 
the Hast India Company for the East Indies, by the Golden 
Rose, a Turkish man-of-war, who came on board wnder 
pretence of searching for Spanish passengers and goods ; 
finding none, they took the master’s and beatswain’s boys 
aboard their own vessel, and drubbed one of them on his feet 
till they made him confess what they would have of him ; and 
having opened the company’s letters, and perused their bill 
of lading, &e., they came again on board, and by force and 
violence took away 2,571 ownces of gold and 2 chests of 
silver, in ryals of eight, containing 8,000 pieces in Spanish 
coin, and afterwards prevented the captain from putting in - 
either at Tangier or Cadiz, so that he might not send intelli- 
gence to England, threatening to carry him a prisoner to 
Algiers if he did not go on his voyage ; thus they made him 
sail beyond the Canaries, and there they left him. [2 pages. 
Ibid. No. 971] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 98.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. Several ships are in port waiting 
wind and weather ; upwards of 20 put out, but many were forced 
back. The Morning Star has come in with many misfortunes ; 
having spent her mast at the Lizard, she was forced into Plymouth, 
and losing it again, put into Cadiz, after which she was met by a 
Turkish man-of-war, who dealt very severely with them. I leave the 
relation to Capt. Godolphin, who sent an express away 2 or 3 days 
since. [Jbid. No. 99.] 


Thos. Adamson to [Francis]. I beg to assure you to the contrary 
of what you write, and account myself happier in the enjoyment of 
your acquaintance than of any other person I have met for many 
years. I wish you could come here this week, or you will scarcely 


1669. 


March 15. 


Monday. 


March 15. 


Chester. 


March 15. 


Yarmouth. 


March 15. 


Yarmouth. 


March 15. 


Woolwich. 


March 16. 


Kinsale. 


March 16. 


. Woolwich. 


March 16. 


CHARLES II. 235 


see the old lady alive ; and as she desires to see you, I hope you will 
not fail of coming. The assizes will be held on the 22nd, and I 


would gladly see you before then. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 257, 
No. 100.] 


Vere Williamson to Mrs. Ferguson, Clerkenwell, near the Duke of 
Neweastle’s. Thanks for your visit. Particulars of the illness of 


your servant, my son. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 1004. See Calendar 
1667-8, p. 549.] 


Ma. Anderton to Williamson. Sir Edw. Massey has arrived from 
London, and is on his way to Holyhead for Dublin. The Trial of 
Chester from Bilbao is kept in port by easterly winds. [Zbid. 
No. 101.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. There have 40 vessels set sail for 
London, and 2 fleets of light and laden colliers have passed through 
the road. A ketch of this town, laden with herrings and lead, has 
been lost off Majorca in the Straits. [Ibid. No. 102.] 


Nich. Wood to Williamson. I send an account of cur proceedings 
for the week. We are informed that the merchants will be at home 
within 2 months, when things will mend. Those that venture, if 
they get a little, go their way with it. [Jbid. No. 103.] 


Wm. Bodham to the Navy Commissioners. Has received 6 lasts 
of good Stockholm tar from John Stacy, and sends the bill. Wants 
6 lasts more to tar the yarn spun, and wishes it suddenly, for fear 
the lower part of the pile should be damnified by the moisture of 
the floor. [Zbid. No. 104.] 


Capt.-Rob. Hooper, of the Harp, to the Navy Commissioners. 
Iam sorry the men under my command make so many petitions about 
the unableness of the frigate for service, none of which I know 
anything about. I have acquainted you that she wanted some 
repairs, which if done here, I shall be able to come to England if you 
command it. [Zbid. No. 105.] Annewed, 


Shorthand notes of information with reference to the condition 
of the ship, between July and Nov. 1668. [lbid. No. 1051.] 


Edw. Byland to Col. Thos. Middleton. Repairs of ships named. 
Fears it will be long before the provisions demanded are received. 
Begs he will be mindful of them, and send a supply of calkers and 
bricklayers. [Zbid. No. 106.] Æncloses, 


Note by the sume to the same. Will draw up particulars about 
making the Royal James into a hulk, and with the assist- 
ance of Mr. Shish, value the charge. [Ibid. No. 1061.] 


Reference commending to the Treasury Commissioners the 
petition of Mary Blague, for his Majesty’s fourth part of a discovery 
of lands made by Sharpe, the King retaining a gracious sense 
of the merit and service of her late husband and of the straits 
in which she was left by his death. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 18, 
p. 306.] 


236 


1669. 
March 16. 


Paris, 


March 16, 
Plymouth, 


March 17. 
Brickhill. 


March 17. 


Lincoln. 


March 17. 


Coventry. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Sir Thos. Bond to [Williamson]. I would have assisted [John] 
Swaddell had his stay bere been longer. I shall take it as a great 
favour when you lay your commands upon me. I send 2 letters 
received for Swaddell after he had left. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 257, 
No. 107.] 


John Clarke to Hickes, Two small vessels have arrived from 
France, laden with corn. The fleet detained here by contrary 
winds sailed yesterday. [Zbid. No. 108.] 


H. Aldrich to his brother, Rob. Francis. We are here baiting our 
horses. Your sister is weary but well; we hope to be at Coventry 
to-morrow. Mr. Younger uses us very civilly; pray thank him for 
it. Send this enclosure to Mr. Cooke. [Zbid. No. 109.] 


William, Bishop of Lincoln, to Williamson. I have been prevented 
by gout from doing my duty, or discoursing with or writing to you. 
I hope you will continue me in your thoughts, and remember me to 
Lord Arlington. I am now going to try how my legs will bear me. 
[Zbid. No. 110.] i 


Ralph Hope to Williamson. The assizes began on Monday, when 
2 of those that robbed Johnson the carrier, near Coleshill, were 
sentenced to be hanged. They are brothers, and called Berkenhead, 
and were taken in Oxfordshire upon another robbery. One was to 
have been hanged at Oxford last assizes, where the other would 
have run the same fate, but going upon bail, he did not appear. 
Two others condemned at Warwick, by the names of Herne and 
Sekerson, were brought from Oxford at the procurement of 
the county of Warwick, to be tried at Warwick, in hopes to 
prevent Johnson from recovering his losses of the country; they 
are condemned, but it is thought Herne will have a reprieve. 

A woman was indicted for biting off a man’s finger, of which he 
died, but she got off. The assizes were held this day at Coventry, 
but we are so wonderfully inclined to honesty and quietness, tha 
not one malefactor was brought before the judges, and only 
2 causes. 

The Nonconformists continue to preach helter-skelter at the 
Leather Hall, where twice on every Sunday, they have a great 
confluence, to the depopulating of the churches. As the judges 
were sitting in the Hall at Warwick, the eldest son of Mr. Spooner 
of Hanwood Hall, a youth of 17, wishing to get a better view, 
climbed up to, and then fell from, one of the windows at the Crown 
bar, where Judge Broome was sitting, upon a spear or javelin 
which one of the sheriff’s men had in his hand, which running into 
him somewhat above the navel, stuck in bis backbone, so that he 
died immediately. 

There has been a great noise for several days of a strange sound 
heard in a well belonging to one Nibbs, at Hill-Wotton near 
Warwick, the owner of which, as well as other persons, informed 
me that it was also heard in 1642, and continued for 14 days, and 
that it was also heard again on his Majesty’s return. The noise is 
stated to be like the beating of drums in a march or call. [Ibid. 
No. 111.] 


1669. 
March 17. 
Treasury 
Chambers. 


March 17. 
Victuailing 
Office. 


March 17. 
Woolwich. 


March 18. 


March 18. 
Woolwich. 


March 18. 


CHARLES II. 2S 


Sir George Downing to Sam. Pepys. Sir Andrew Riccard, and 
some others of the East India Company, have again attended the 
Treasury Commissioners, about the business of the Leopard, not yet 
acquiescing to give full satisfaction for her, alleging that their order 
for her going to Cosheen [Cochin ?] was only concurrent to that of Lord 
Marlborough ; also that his Majesty had remitted to the Dutch, by 
the late treaty, their pretence of satisfaction for hinčering her in 
taking in her lading; the Commissioners have appointed to hear 
the business again on Monday, and desire you to be there with the 
papers. [S.P. Dom., Car, IT. 257, No. 112.] 


Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. I send you an 
account of the issue, since January, upon this year’s declaration for 
5,000 men for 6 months; the remains of victuals in this port will 
be very inconsiderable, when I have answered the warrants already 
sent. Pray move his Royal Highness for a further declaration for 
the port of London, or to take off part from Portsmouth to add to 
this place. [Zbid. No. 113.] Encloses, 


Account of sea victuals issued and to be delivered to ships 
named, according to warrants since Jan. 1669; with 
abstract of the remains in ports mentioned.—16 March 
1669. [8 pages. Ibid. No. 1131] 


Wm. Acworth to the Navy Commissioners. I have not received 
one freight of timber from Aliceholt Forest since Michaelmas, but 
have received 182 loads or 4 freights from Whittlewood ; it was 
transported from Birkhead and Hedworth by Chris. Andrews’ 
barges. [bid. No. 114.] 


Sir John Mennes to the Navy Commissioners. I am not in- 
sensible how much it stands with the honour of the Board to give 
the Commissioners of Accounts exact accounts of what they 
expect from us, as also how necessary it is that each member should 
do his utmost therein. I observe that you have branched out the 
same to each officer, and that my tax is as to the state of the stores 
in each yard, and elsewhere, on 2 Sept. 1664, what has been 
received since, and how it has been employed; to each of these I 
give my answers. [4 pages. Ibid. No. 115.] Encloses, 


Account, by Sir John Mennes, of timber converted in forests 
named, and sent into the yards at Deptford and Woolwich, 
between 1663 and 1668. [Jbid. No. 1151.] 


Edw. Byland to Pepys. Pray commiserate the condition of 
the anchor smith here, by ordering him some money, whereby 
he may be able to perform the duties of the place with cheerful- 
ness ; he is very much cast down, having a multiplicity of work in 
fitting ships, and not wherewithal to procure goods, or payment 
for his men. [Jbid. No. 116.] 


Edw. Silvester to the Navy Commissioners. I beg an order 
to the Treasurers for payment of my bill for 98l. for mending 
anchors by contract at Portsmouth. I have other biils unpaid, but 
only crave this one. [Zbid. No. 117.] 


238 


1669. 
March 18. 
Jersey. 


March 18. 


Portsmouth. 


March 18. 


Wareham. 


March 18. 


March 18. 


Exeter House. 


March 18. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


4 


R. Manley to [Rob. Francis]. Your kind letter would expiate 
any crime; write when you can. I shall come to see you and my 
dear brother, when the Governor returns in April, and bring my 
wife to put our eldest girl to school. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 257, 
No. 118.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson, The Nonsuch remains at Spit- 
head, waiting sailing orders ; the Dragon is to be fitted out for the 
summer expedition. [Jbid. No. 119.] 


Thos. Adamson to [Francis]. The old gentlewoman, my dear 
friend, lies drawing on to her long-expected home, and I think she 
cannot continue 24 hours more. The young lady is much grieved 
to see her mother lie in such a condition; if you have begun your 
journey, you may see her alive, but I despair of it if you have not. 
[Zbid. No. 120.] 


Sir Wm. Smith to Sir Alex. Frazer. I send my tenant’s peti- 
tion, and desire you to speak to Lord Arlington to get his Majesty’s 
warrant for a pardon. He might be fined 10/. or 200. for the crime, 
while the pardon will cost near 501. to pass under the Great Seal, 
but it will restore his credit, and show his adversary that he has 
friends. Pray get it done before the term, andI will attend Mr. 
Williamson to satisfy the charges. He has been my tenant many 
years, and always dealt justly by me, which makes me the more 
willing to do what I can for him. [Jbid. No. 121,] 


Lord Ashley to Lord Arlington. I send the draft of a privy seal, 
which has been drawn according toan agreement made between the 
Treasury Commissioners and Lady Dysart, but the warrant for pass- 
ing it is more proper to be presented to his Majesty by one of the 
principal Secretaries. [/bid. No. 122.] 


Petition of Thos. Warren, merchant of London, to the King. By 
a contract with the late Emperor of Morocco, I was engaged to 
return him 700 barrels of powder, one half at 12 months, and the other 
at 2 years; but through the Dutch war and other detentions, the 
powder was not sent until October last, since which the Emperor has 
deceased, and his son has been cut off by the King of Tafilet. The 
powder is gone, with instructions by me to my factors, that in 
case Tafilet will pay the debts of the late Emperor due to me, and 
deliver up such English as I left there, they are to deliver him the 
powder, and all such subjects of his as were here ; but if that is denied, 
they are to treat with him de novo for the sale of the powder, 
and also of the Moors, and for the redemption of the English there ; 
aad that failing, they are to sell the powder elsewhere. 

Having learned that Lord Henry Howard is going out as Am- 
bassador to the King of Tafilet, alias Moule-Errshed, and that it 
is moved that I should attend him, I am willing so to do; and it 
being uncertain what has been effected in relation to the powder, I 
desire on bond the loan for 12 months of 25 tons of saltpetre from 
the Ordnance Commissioners, at the price they have given to others, 
so that I may carry it with me, to prevent anything happening 
about the said powder to prejudice the designs intended by his 
Majesty to be effected by his Ambassador. 


CHARLES II. 239 


1669. 


With order thereon that his Majesty is pleased to gratify the 
petitioner’s request for the saltpetre, and that in consideration of 
future services expected from him, the Ordnance Commissioners 
are to allow him time for the delivery of 25 tons of saltpetre into 
the stores in lieu of it; but they are nevertheless to take good and 
sufficient security. [24 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 257, No. 123.] 


March 19. Sir Geo. Downing to Wm. Wardour. The Treasury Commis- 
Sage As sioners desire you will certify them on Monday, what money the 
Whitehall Earl of Bath has received out of the Exchequer, towards the fortifi- 


cations of Plymouth, and upon what privy seals. [JZbid. No. 124.] 


March 19. Same to Wm. Wardour. The Commissioners desire an account 
aa on Wednesday of money paid into the Exchequer, on the additional 
am rs aid and the 11 months’ tax. [Jbid. No. 125.] 


March 19. Geo. Williamson to Williamson. I beg you to serve my friend 
Bridekirk. and neighbour, Capt. Wilkes, who has sent his daughter by Robert 
Bowes of Cockermouth, to be touched for the evil, and procure her 
quick despatch. Mr. Bowes is famous for justifying the laws and 
statutes of the Excise, and is a pillar of the noble borough ; so I doubt 

not but he will have a reception accordingly. [Jbid. No. 126.] 


March 19. Rich. Forster to Williamson. The laden fleet is still detained by 
_ Newcastle. the winds; 2 or 3 vessels have come in. [Zbid. Vo. 127.] 


March 19. Chas. Whittington to Williamson. Three vessels have sailed for 
Hull. Rotterdam, with lead, cloth, and rape seed, and several others for 
London, the greater part being laden with grain. [Jbid. No. 128.] 


March 19. ŒE. Andros to Williamson. The Roe ketch, sent with the Port- 

Plymouth. lænd frigate to attend the Prince of Tuscany, has arrived, and 
reports that the Prince embarked from the Groyne on board the 
Portland on the 9th instant; but the ketch breaking her topsail- 
yard, she lost sight of them, and supposes he will put into some 
port of Cornwall; if so,I shall take post and wait upon him. 
[2 pages. Ibid. No. 129.] 


March 19? John Clarke to Williamson. One of his Majesty’s ketches has 
arrived, bringing news that the Prince of Tuscany came.out of the 
Groyne with her on the 9th instant in the Portland, but that she 
lost the Portland the next night. [Jbid. No. 1294.) 


March 19. Caveat in favour of Joseph Williamson, that nothing pass of the 
estate of one Darcy, deceased without heirs. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 32, p. 3.] 


March 20. Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. I send a survey 
Victualling as to the leakage of beer in the Swallow ketch ; for reasons stated, I 
ee judge I am not concerned therein. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 257, No. 130.] 


March 20. John Fenn to Lord Brouncker. I will pay the merchants the sums 
assigned upon the Customs, out of some remains promised me, if 
you will send them to me. ‘The list is about 2,0007., which you 
said you might reduce, there being a bill of imprest of 500/. to 
your own officers. Pray make it as little as possible. [Zbid. 
No. 13L] 


240 


1669. 
March 20. 


March ? 


March 20. 


March 20. 


March 20. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Report of Sir And. Riccard, Governor, and the Company of 
Levant Merchants, to the King, that on taking the votes of the 
company, they decide for a proviso to be inserted into their charter, 
that all residents within 20 miles of London should take the freedom 
of the city, before enjoying the benefit of the said charter. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. TI. 257, No. 132.] 


Anne Cole to Lord [Arlington ?] I am in great distress by the 
death of Sir Ant. des Marces, for whose sake I contracted debts, 
which by his death being unpaid, I had to sell my plate, &., and 
my very bed to pay them, and still cannot settle all. I pray for 
some part of the reward which your lordship was intending for 
Des Marces. [lbid. No. 133.] 


Warrant for a grant to Joseph Williamson and Luke Wilkes, 
of the estate of Sir Ant. des Marces, an alien, forfeited by his 
death. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 120.] 


Warrant to the Lieutenant of the Tower for discharge of Sir 
William Coventry and Henry Saville. Minute. [Jbzd.] 


Commission to George, Duke of Albemarle, Anthony, Lord 
Ashley, Sir Thomas Clifford, and Sir John Duncombe to be 
Commissioners to execute the office of Treasurer of the Exchequer, 
on revocation of a former commission to the same and to Sir Wm. 


Coventry. [Ibid.] 


March [20.] Docquet of the above. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 28.] 


March 20. 


Bristol. 


March 20. 


March 20. 


March 20. 
Lyme Regis. 


Ja. Baskerville to Williamson. The Samuel and Mary has 
arrived from Lisbon, with sugars and oils, and a ketch from Bor- 
deaux with French wines. Part-of the Virginia fleet, and several 
other ships, are detained in the Channel by contrary winds. [S.P. 
Dom., Car, TI. 257, No. 134.] 


Sir Wm. Neale to Williamson. I hear from Col. Molesworth 
that my letter came to your hand, and was answered, but I never 
received yours, I find the Colonel is very ill, and therefore I beg 


your advice how to act in this business ; I will be entirely directed by 
you. My address will be The Llay, near Wrexham. [Jbid. No. 135.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. The Concord has arrived from Rot- 
terdam with wheat and rye, and reports of but little preparation 
for any fleet this spring, beyond some ships fitting up as convoys 
for the Straits. There is great fear of the death of tie King of Spain, 
and of the French King coming to that Crown. [Jbid. No. 136.] 


Giles Ivy to Williamson. Thanks for your letter. Judge [John] 
Archer was very kind in carrying on my trial, and did as much as 
he could, whereby I was acquitted, but must sue out my pardon 
again the next assizes ; Judge Archer has promised to draw out a 
certificate to his Majesty on his return. 

The Farmers of Customs having removed me to Lyme Regis to 
be their collector, I have put a deputy in the Post Office at Dart- 
mouth, for whom I will be responsible to Lord Arlington, and will 
see the moneys properly remitted. I hope his lordship will not be 
offended about it. [Zbid. No. 187.] 


1669. 
March 20. 
Deal. 


March 20. 
Weymouth. 


March 20. 


Coventry. 


March 21. 
Whitehall. 


79380, 


CHARLES II. 24L 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. There are 2 Straits ships and some 


-East Indiamen in the Downs. I intend for London to-morrow, 


but the letters may be sent as usual during my absence, and shall 
be sent on board. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 257, No. 138.] 


John Pocock to Hickes. The Providence has arrived from 
Lisbon with oils, and reports that Sir Thos. Allin renewed the 
peace with Algiers, and concluded it with Sally, so that 3 English 
ships that were there, laden with sugar on the Portuguese account, 
have proceeded on their voyage. [Ibid. No. 139.] 


Ralph Hope to Williamson. The corpse of the Duchess of 
Dudley was interred to-day at Stoneleigh. She was met by many 
coaches, and the chief of the city, and the ceremony was performed 
with great solemnity; after which several coaches, and a great 
company on horseback, attended Lady Leveston, her daughter, to 
Coventry, where she intends staying until Tuesday. By direc- 
tion of the Duchess’ will, 50/. was given to the poor of Stoneleigh, 
507. to Kenilworth, 5/. to every place where the corpse lodged on the 
road, and 6d. to every poor person that begged of them during their 
journey down. 

Sekerston was hanged at Warwick yesterday, but Herne is 


-reprieved. He formerly belonged to Lord Frescheville’s troop, and 


was quartered in this town. He has impeached several others, and 
amongst the rest a goldsmith in London, who used to receive their 
plate; this, with the intercession of the ladies, was the means to 
get his reprieve. [Jbid. No. 140.] 


Petition of Math. Sharpe and Abr. Hosmer, of Tunbridge, Kent, 
to the King. John Sharpe, only son of Math. Sharpe, and son-in- 
law of Abr. Hosmer, was convicted at Maidstone assizes for murder 
of George Whitfield, but is innocent, Whitfield having been 
killed by Wm. Browne discharging a pistol in Ashdowne’s house at 
Tunbridge, where Browne went in to wash wounds he had before 
received from the deceased; John Sharpe having been desired to 
attend Browne home to his father’s house, with a lantern and candle, 
was by that occasion accidentally standing by, and Browne escap- 
ing, the said John Sharpe and the petitioner Hosmer, were there- 
upon apprehended, tried, and convicted. The justices of the peace, 
commiserating the hardness of the case, moved Justice Morton therein, 
who granted a reprieve for 7 days, which expires on Friday next, 
They beg a further reprieve for John Sharpe, pending the report, 

With reference thereon to Justice [Sir Wm.] Morton, and his report 
that, although he cannot admit the suggestions of the petition as 
alleged, yet his Majesty, being the fountain of mercy, may reprieve 
Sharpe till the next assizes, within which time he hopes that 
Browne, who shot Whitfield and killed him, may be apprehended and 
brought to justice —22 March 1669. [Jbid. No. 141.] Anneaing, 

Certificate signed by Viscownt Strangford, Sir Roger Twysden, 
and 21 other justices of the peace for Kent, that John 
Sharpe, convicted at the assizes for murder of George Whit- 
field, is a very proper object for his Majesty s mercy.—- 
19 March, Maidstone. [Ibid. No. 1411.] 

Q 


24:2 


1669. 


March 21. 


Newcastle. 


March 21. 


Wareham. 


March 21. 


Portsmouth. 


March 21. 


March 21. 


March 21. 
March [21]. 
March 21. 


March 22. 


Treasury 
Chambers. 


March 22. 


March 22, 


March 22. 


March 22. 
March 22. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Rich. Forster to Williamson. Departure of the laden fleet ; no 
ships have come in. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 257, No. 142.] 


Thos. Adamson to Rob. Francis. The good old gentlewoman — 
departed this life this morning like a Christian. I am assured she 
had great kindness for you, and I hope your early presence will 
console the young lady, who much feels her mother’s death, Pray 
obtain leave for 5 days. We shall bury her to-morrow. [Jbid. 
No 143.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Nonsuch is riding at Spit- 
head, waiting for her commander from London. [Zbid. No. 144.] 


Justice Sir Wm. Morton to Williamson. Pray insert the name of 
Claude Devall, and 16 others, as notorious highwaymen and robbers, 
in the next Gazette ; I know them to be guilty of several offences, 
but those in the last paragraph are not to be exposed till next 
Thursday, as I have emissaries out to take them. ([Jbid. No. 145.] 


Warrant for payment of a debt of 4,8007. to Elizabeth, Countess 
of Dysart, from the customs of tonnage and poundage in August 
and Sept. 1670 and Sept. 1671. [Jbid. No. 146.] 


[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 122.] 
[Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 28.] 


James Hickes to Williamson. When you deliver my petition to 
Lord Arlington for presentation to the King, speak to him on my 
behalf. Had I enlarged on my services, as I justly might have 
done, it would have been a volume too big; but no man living has 
done so much, or deserved more, as was manifested in the great 
visitation. Whatever be the issue of the petition, I shall abide by 
your will in all things. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 257, No. 147.] 


Sir George Downing to Pepys. You are to give the Treasury 
Commissioners satisfaction on Friday, how it comes to pass that 
1,2507. is set down in Sir Denis Gauden’s account for provision 
for sick and wounded on board the fleet, when his Royal 
Highness was there in person, whereas care was taken of them 
by the Commissioners for sick and wounded. [Jbid. No. 148.] 


Pass for Lord Cavendish to France or Holland, on his private 
business. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 80, f. 121.] 


Warrant for reprieve of John Sharpe, convicted of the mur- 
der of George Whitfield at Maidstone Assizes, Judge Morton cer- 
tifying him to be a fit object of mercy. [Ibid.] 


Warrant for a grant to Sir John Knyvet, Bart., of the estate of 


— Honeywood, forfeited by his attainder. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 257, 
No. 149.] 


Minute of the above. 


Entry of the above. 
Docquet of the above. 


[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 121.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of 
Chris. Hildyard of York, for a patent for the stewardship of 
St. Mary’s, York. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 14.) 


1669. 
March 22. 


March 22. 


March 22. 


Portsmouth. 


March 22. 


Falmouth. 


March 22. 


Pendennis. 


March 22. 


Yarmouth. 


March 22. 


March 22. 


March 23. 


[March 23.] 


March 23. 
Plymouth. 


March 28. 
Plymouth. 


CHARLES II. 243 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of Sir 
Rich. Ottley, for a grant of such treasure trove as he shall discover ; 
with proviso that it be without undue molestation of the King’s 
subjects. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 14.] 


List of 21 Lent preachers, from 5 Feb. to Easter Day, 22 March 
1669. TSP. Dom., Car. IT. 257, No. 150.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. 
quiet. [Zbid. No. 151.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. Several ships came in from Yarmouth 
and other places, bound for France, and have put to sea again, 
It is reported that Sir Thos. Allin has been poisoned in the Straits. 
[Ibid. No. 152.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. The ships that were in harbour have 
gone out, and some 30 or 40 sail have come in. [Jbid. No. 153.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. A great fleet of 400 or 500 laden 
colliers has passed through the road from Sunderland and New- 
castle. The new meeting-place being found too little to contain 
the people that flock thither, they are erecting 3 fair galleries ; 
their minister is Mr. Barker, late minister of Aye [Eye?]. [JZbid. 
No. 154.) 


Wm. Wardour to [Williamson]. I find by the records in my 
office, that two sums of 3002. and 336]. 19s. have been paid to the 
Earl of Bath, by privy seal, for the fortifications at Plymouth; but 
what is registered in Sir Rob. Long’s office to be paid does not 
appear tome. [Jbid. No. 155.] 


Memorandum that John Cole of Sutton, Isle of Ely, was one of 
Cromwell’s captains, and a justice of the peace; and that John 
Herne of Godmanchester, co. Hunts, is a justice of the peace and 
a councillor, to whom the letter was shown. With note by 
Williamson that they be sent for to attend the Board. [Jbid. 
No. 156.] 


Statement of the case in the question between the members of the 
Temple and the Lord Mayor, relative to the claim of the former 
to be exempted from the jurisdiction of the City ; being the “ defence 
of the gentlemen Templars” as to the antiquity and validity of 
their claim. [84 pages. Ibid. No. 157.] 


Notes [by Williamson] thereon. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 158.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. The Portland frigate has arrived 
with the Prince of Tuscany, who was received, on landing, with 
all the respect imaginable, bells ringing, guns firing, &e. [Ibid. 


No. 159.] 


E. Andros to Williamson. The Prince of Tuscany has arrived ; 
meeting with easterly winds after he left the Groyne, he put in 
at Kinsale, where he landed, and lay there 2 nights, and one night at 
Scilly. At his landing here, Sir John Skelton met and welcomed him, 
and the garrison made a guard from the water side to his lodgings at 
a merchant’s house. He has about 30 in his train, has been about 

Q 2 


No news, all being still and 


244 


1669. 


March 23. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


the town of Plymouth, and is much pleased with his voyage. He 
was going on the water to see the harbour, but a sudden gust, 
with great flakes of snow, caused him to re-land. He ‘speaks of 
riding 8 or 9 miles to see some tin mines, and what is about the 
town. I believe he will leave on Friday, and stay in some good 
towns as he goesalong, making easy journeys. He has sent most of 
his baggage by the Roe ketch to London; the rest is carried upon 
7 horses hired from Plymouth. He has 5 persons of quality with 
him, and I am also with him in the nature of an attendant. [2 pages. 
S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 257, No. 160.] 


Tim. Halton to Williamson. Dr. Yerbury fearing that the 


Queen’s College, President has dohe him an unkindness, in misrepresenting to 


Oxford. 


March 23. 


Lord Arlington or you what took place at the late reference at 
Farnham, about the mandamus procured for Chambers, I desire 
you would send word what you think of this business. Did you 
receive my letter about my debtor at Dantzic? [Jbid. No. 161.] 


Petition of Sir Rob. Holmes, Governor of the Isle of Wight, to 
the King. In pursuance of your commands, I have examined the 
condition of the castles and forts here, and find your house at 
Carisbrooke Castle, and the castles at Cowes and Yarmouth, totally 
out of repair; Carisbrooke has no officer there but myself, and only 


` 7 men, 5 of whom are sixpenny pays and 2 eightpenny; at the 


March 23. 
Deal. 


[March 23.] 


March 23. 


2 latter castles are 4 men each, 3 being sixpenny and one eight- 
penny pay, but neither have any officer, without which I cannot 
answer for the security of so considerable a frontier. I beg order 
for the speedy repair of the castles and forts, and for an officer, 
with a suitable number of men, to be appointed to each of them. 
[Ibid. No. 162.] Annexing, 


Summary of necessaries required for the purposes mentioned: 
I request an allowance of 20s. a day towards the maintenance 
of 4 lieutenants and 4 gunners at the castles and forts ; 
the command of an independent company for better security 
of the forts; also my own maintenance, having nothing for 
the support of my government but what I have purchased 
with my own money; also an order to the Treasury 
Commissioners for 1,0001. towards the repairs, which money 
shall be advanced until they can raise it. [Ibid. No. 1621.] 


Sir W. Godolphin to Williamson. I have just arrived here, and 
as I know not how long I shall contemplate the sea on land, the wind 
being S.E., I hope you will overtake me with any fresh commands, 


_and put me once more at Lord Arlington’s feet, before I embark, 


Mr. Lodge has obeyed the recommendation, and is a civil person. 
[Jbid. No. 163.] 


Names and addresses of 4 persons connected with the robbery of 
the Northern mail. [Zbid. No. 164.] 


Rich. Coling to Williamson, M. le Fevre being dead, and he having 
had a grant of the reversion of the place of Apothecary to the 
Household, which is in the gift of the Lord Chamberlain, he 


1669. 


March 23. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


March 283. 


March 24. 
Whitehall. 


March 24. 


March 24. 


CHARLES IL 245 


desires that no warrant may pass for it, until he has received 
notice. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 257, No. 165.] 


Warrant to Lord Chamberlain Manchester, to admit Christian 
Harrell as operator in chemistry and apothecary in ordinary, in 
place of Nicasius le Fevre, with all rights, &e., thereto belonging. 
[Zbid. No. 166.] 


Commission to Henry Collyer to be lieutenant to Capt. Thos. 
Stradling’s company of foot, in Col. John Russell’s regiment of 
guards. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 29, p. 31.] 


Warrant for a grant to Thos. Williams, M.D.,and Rich. Hewet, of 
the office of examiners and registrars to the Commissioners of 
Bankrupts in the city and suburbs of London, John Bolles and two 
others appointed thereto by the late King being deceased. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 94.) 


The King to the Master and senior Fellows of Christ’s College, 
Cambridge. We were greatly offended by your choosing another 
into a fellowship in spite of our mandate for Chas. Fanshaw, but we 
passed it by, as there was some little pretence for your non-com- 
pliance. We repeat our former directions for Fanshaw to be chosen 
to the next fellowship, notwithstanding any mandate or letter, 
custom or statute, to the contrary. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, 
p. 101.] | 


Warrant to the surveyor and officers of works, &., to make an 
additional allowance of 300/. a year to Hugh May, comptroller of 
the Works, as a mark of the King’s gracious acceptance of his 
services. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 80, p. 122.] 


[March 24] Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 257, No. 167.] 


March 24, 


March 24. 


March 24. 


The King to the University of Cambridge. Werecommend Chris. 
Barker to the first vacant beadle’s place in the University, on 
account of his own and his son’s services and sufferings. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 19.] 


The King to the Treasury Commissioners. We remitted the 
custom on 30 tuns of wine, half French, half Spanish, imported by 
order of Condé de Molina, Spanish Ambassador; we hear that you have 
stopped the intended grant, as contrary to a late order of Council, 
against allowance of wine custom-free to public Ministers; but 
desiring particularly to gratify the said Condé, we order you to sign 
a docquet for delivery of the said wines. [Jbid. f. 20.] 


Examination of Elizabeth, wife of Thos. Heath, of Brewers’ yard, 
Westminster. Eleven months ago, Dan. de la Fabvolliére rejoiced 
over the victory of the King of France. I told him the King of 
England was the true King of France, and the other his deputy. 
He replied that the King of France took up his rents for him and 
had money enough, and that our King sold him Dunkirk, and if 
he would sell him more, would let him have more money. Also, 

Examination of Thos. Heath. De la Fabvolliére said that the 
English had no law but the devil; that he came over merely for 


246 


1669. 


March 24. 
Woolwich. 


March [24 ?] 


March [24 ?] 


March 24, 
Falmouth. 


March 24. 
Milford. 


March 24. 


March 24. 
Treasury 
Chambers, 
Whitehall. 


March 25. 


Portsmouth. 


March 25. 


March 25. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


money ; that the King needed him more than he the King, and that he 
would go back if he could get the money the King owes him. Also, 

Examination of Isabella, wife of Peter Griffin. On my refusal to 
lodge De la Fabvollitre’s whore, he abused the English, and said 
his countrymen would come and cut their throats. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 257, No. 168.] 


Edw. Byland to Pepys. Pray consider the works on ships 
suggested, and a supply of bricklayers and calkers. I have but 
10 calkers, and they are so refractory that I am forced to be 
rugged with them. Former demands will give account of our 
present necessities. [Jbid. No. 169.] 


Capt. John Fortiscue to Thos. Hayter. 
[Ibid No. 170.] 


James Mathews to Pepys. Estimate of the charge of build- 
ing a brick wall, on the south side of Brick Close adjoining 
Deptford Yard, at 4l. 4s. 11d. per rod, to be 2 bricks thick, and 
10 feet high; total, 1067. 2s. 11d. With note by Jonas Shish. 
Mathews has given as near an estimate as possible. I will finish 
the draft of the ship with all speed ; we are in great want of plank 
for carrying on the new work, without which some of the ship- 
wrights must be discharged. [Jbid. No. 171.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. To the same effect as his letter to 
Hickes of the 22nd. [Jbid. No. 172.] 


John Powell to Hickes. 
No. 173.] 


[Wm. Wardour] to [Sir G. Downing]. I made search among the 
records in my office, and find that 1,183,003/. Os. 10d. has been 
paid into the receipt of the Exchequer upon the Additional Aid, 
to 19 March 1669, and 92,2891. 9s. 4d. on the first month of the 
Eleven Months Tax; and for the last 10 months of the said 
tax, 631,640/. 11s. 24d. [Ibid. No. 174.] 


Sir Geo. Downing to Wm. Wardour. You only mention the gross 
amount paid in on the Additional Aid and Eleven Months Tax. The 
Treasury Commissioners expect a particular account how much 
has been paid in for each county and place, which they desire to 
be got ready in a week. [Zbid. No. 175.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. No news of any kind; all 
things still and quiet. [Jbid. No. 176.] 


A. Ellis to Williamson. Pray write to Mr. Moulin, at Paris, to 
send all edicts, ordinances, &c., that may be had there, for the 
government of the posts of France; also the rates taken for letters 
from Paris to every considerable town in France. [Jbid. No. 177.] 


Grant to Nat. Ludlow and Edw. Boswell of the manor of Hus- 
borne Tarrant and other lands in co, Hants, escheated by the death 
of Edm. Ludlow without. heirs, reserving a rent of 3l, being part 
of 6l. formerly payable for the same. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 22.] 


Asks for 2 blank tickets. 


Has no news of any kind. [Jbid. 


1669. 
March 25. 


March 25. 


March 25. 


March 25. 


March 25. 


CHARLES II. 24.7 


Dispensation for John Arnold, High Sheriff of Monmouthshire, 
to remain in London or elsewhere whither business calls him. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 95.] 


Warrant to the Sheriff [of co. Worcester] to suspend the sentence 
of Rich. Colston, of Worcester, should he be convicted of a rape. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 122.] 


Warrant for reprieve of Edw. Phillips, convicted of felony, till 
further information. Minute. [Jdid.] 


Warrant to pay, from the privy seal dormant of 10,0002., 
1301. 15s. 8d. to the soldiers and inhabitants of Dover, being the 
moiety of a month’s pay due to the 2 foot companies in Dover 
Castle, under command of Sir Fras. Vincent. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 26, f. 54.] 


Petition of John Neile, D.D., chaplain in ordinary, to the King, 


Whitehall. for a warrant to the Archbishop of Canterbury for a dispensation 


March 25. 


March 25. 
Whitehall. 


to hold 2 benefices together, although they be a little above 30 
miles distant. Is possessed of the rectory of Beeford, alias Biford, 
co. York, and is about to be presented by the Dean and Chapter 
of York to the vicarage of Northallerton, in the same county and 
diocese. 

With reference thereon to the Bishop of Hereford, Dean of the 
Chapel Royal, and his report. The petitioner having been chaplain 
in ordinary to his Majesty several years, making long and charge- 
able journeys for his attendance, and having never received any 
particular favour, and being also a person of exemplary piety and 
merit, I conceive him fit to receive the desired dispensation, 
especially as the distance between the 2 livings mentioned in the 
petition is but 6 or 7 miles above the ordinary course of dispensa- 
tion. [Zbid. Nos. 178, 179.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33,p. 15.] 


Petition of John Alleyn to the King. Edw. Alleyn, by patent of 
17 James, founded Dulwich college as a lay foundation, to consist of 
a master and warden, 4 fellows, 6 poor brethren, 6 poor sisters, 
and 12 poor scholars. His Majesty, by the same patent, gave the 
founder power to make statutes for its government, which should 
not be repugnant to his prerogative, nor to the laws and statutes 
of England. One of the statutes is that the master and warden 
shall for ever be of the blood and surname of the founder, if any 
such can be found; but single persons and unmarried. That not- 
withstanding, the said Edw. Alleyn, by his deed of foundation, 
invested the first master and warden, both being married men, my 
father being one of them, and he continued in it until his death, 
being upwards of 20 years. Iam the next of kin to the founder, 
but am married. 

Being at Oxford in the time of the rebellion, his late 
Majesty, for my loyalty, granted me a dispensation and man- 
damus to receive the mastership, on resignation of Thos. Alleyn, 
the successor of my father, who was then desirous tu resign in my 


248 


1669. 


March 25, 


March 25. 
Victualling 
Office. 


March 25. 


Portsmouth. 


March 25. 


Portsmouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


favour; but the rebellious power then prevailing, I could not enjoy 
the benefit thereof. The said Thos. Alleyn being now dead, the 
place has become void, and the next of kin to the founder of his 
blood and surname is to enjoy the same, if single. I beg a dispen- 
pensation for the wardenship of Dulwich College, and a mandamus 
for admission into the same, though married. 

With reference thereon to the Bishop of Hereford, and his report 
that his Majesty has full power to dispense with the circumstance 
of marriage, which does not appear to be contrary to the intention 
of the founder, as he placed a married man there after the statutes 
were confirmed; the petitioner being in all other respects capable, 
and in some degree meriting his Majesty’s favour, is a fit person 
to receive it. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 257, Nos. 180,181. Seep. 263, 
infra.] 

Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 15.] 


Thos. Lewis to Pepys. The ships inquired after, that are 
to go with victuals to Sir Thos. Allin’s fleet, have been despatched 
hence since the 6th instant, yet were stopped at Gravesend by the 
Customs’ officers, notwithstanding they had Sir Denis Gauden’s 
certificate for their lading, but were afterwards cleared. Two of 
them may now be in the Downs, but I doubt whether the third 
is yet out of the river. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 257, No. 182.] Encloses, 


Account of victuals for 2,320 for 112 days, shipped in vessels 
named, for the supply of the fleet under Sir Thos. Allin in 
the Straits, and consigned to Cadiz; value 2621. 16s. 10d. 
[Ibid. No. 1821.] 


Commissioner John Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I will 
husband the money ordered as well as I can. I wish the 302 trees 
put to sale by the heirs of the late Lord Treasurer could be bought 
standing, as this would save the King 100/ ; when I hear they 
are sold, I shall endeavour to deal for the bodies, as several are 
ready for the bargain. They may produce 400 loads of good tim- 
ber, but present payment is demanded. 

There will be an increase of work and wants by the Straits 
fleet, now ordered in, and I am the more troubled to think of the 
want of money. John Mayle expects performance of his contract 
for 460 loads of timber, whereof 66 loads have come in. I send 
an account of timber bought and received, without written contracts 
being made. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 183.] 


Same to the Navy Commissioners. We are sheathing the 
Dragon, and if she had seamen, she might be taking in her 
provisions, and be at sea in 10 days; I will supply her. with 
stores required out of the 600/. Not more than 30 seamen can be 
depended upon in these parts. 

I could bring Mr. Perrin to no abatement in some things ; he 
affirms that he has hitherto lost by what has been delivered, and 
that there was a mistake in setting pence in the place of shillings in 
the account for rivets. I suppose you may bring Cole to an abate- 
ment, as he was on higher terms for his timber ; he speaks of a great 


1669. 


March 25. 
Deptford. 


March 25. 
Deptford. 


March 25. 
Deal. 


[March 25.] 


March 25. 


March 26. 


Near Kinsale. 


CHARLES IL. 249 


quantity bought in Sussex of Sir Cecil Bishop for 4,0007., and has 
promised to wait on you about it. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 257, 
No. 184.] Encloses, 


Propositions by Paul Cole of Milbrook, Hants, timber mer- 
chant, for delivering timber and plank mentioned into 
the stores at Portsmouth, for ready money.—Portsmouth, 
24 March 1668. [Copy. Ibid. No. 1841.] 


Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. We have launched the 
Hampshire and docked the Sapphire. I beg a speedy supply of 
sheathing boards, spruce deals, &c., for finishing the repair of the 
Little Victory and other ships. [Ibid. No. 185.] 


Ann Harper to the Navy Commissioners. I intreat you to move 
the Treasurers that I may have the salary due to my late husband 
(Thos. Harper], having many children to provide for, and legacies 
to pay. [Lbid. No. 186.] 


John Culmer to Col. Thos. Middleton. I have swept an anchor 
in the Downs of 30 cwt., with 50 fathoms of cable, which I judge 
was lost by the Dreadnought, and have satisfied the boatmen for 
their pains. Pray remember me in the former business I troubled 


you with. [JZbid. No. 187.] 


Petition of Joseph Brown, calker, to the Navy Commissioners, 
for some recompense for quenching the fire from burning the 
Defiance’s head, on which service he burnt a Sunday coat and hat. 
[Zbid. No. 188.] ncloses, 


Certificate by Edw. Gregory and 2 others, that Brown was 
very diligent in quenching the fire, giving attendance, 
with much labour, the whole night, upon which service he 
recewed great damage to his clothes—24 March 1669. 
[Zbid, No. 1881.] 


John Moorhouse to [the Navy Commissioners]. I have spoken to 
Sir George Downing about your order for money promised me, 
and applied to the clerks, who sent me to Mr. Mading; he says 
he has laid out all the money received for the spoil in Aliceholt for 
the King’s use. I cannot get my warrant for felling timber in 
Whittlewood, so I desire further commands. [Jbid. No. 189.] 


Capt. Wm. Crispin to the Navy Commissioners. I have given 
directions for securing the Harp and her stores, as also for pre- 
paring the pay-books, &c. I have no assurance from Alderman 
Hutchinson what day the money will be ready for paying the 
company; when it comes, all things shall be quickly perfected ; 
but I cannot go to Dublin. 

After I had faithfully performed my duty, I was constrained to 
leave my family and concerns, by a costly and tedious journey to 
London, to perfect my accounts and petition for my satisfaction, 
not only for services, but for money long since disbursed, and in order 
to be freed from debts and engagements. In obtaining this, I met 
with very unkind treatment, loss of time, and high expenses, and 
was put to wait from door to door amongst beggars, and at last 


250 


1669. 


March 26. 


Plymouth. 


March 26. 


March 26. 


March 27. 


March 27. 


March 27. 


Bristol. 


March 27. 


Victualling 
Office. 


March 27. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


constrained to buy satisfaction on some accounts, at 15 per cent., 
which others concerned with me in them have refused to allow ; 
thence divers suits in law have arisen, to my very great damage. 
I find the 201. ordered by you for our charges to Dublin will not 
defray the expenses, as we are 150 miles away; however, I will 
leave my own concerns, and do my utmost to accomplish your 
commands here. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 257, No. 190.] 


John Clarke to James Hickes. The Prince of Tuscany and Sir 
Bernard Gascoigne have gone towards London ; the Portland frigate 
and Roe ketch have sailed for the Downs. [Jbid. No. 191.] 


Pass for 20 horses for Sir Henry Jones. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 128.] 


The King to the Duke of York. On 1 February, we ordered you 
to hire as many merchant ships as should be necessary for convoys 
for this year; but as they can scarcely be provided soon enough, 
we wish you to fit out as many men-of-war as shall be necessary. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 20.] 


Approbation of Col, Edw. Grey asa deputy-lieutenant for North- 
umberland. Minute. [S.P Dom., Entry Book 20, p. 196.] 


Petition of Thos. Mulleneux to the King and Council, on behalf 
of himself and others injured by the Dutch East India Company at 
Amboyna and Poleron, complaining that out of 32,000.. paid by 
the Dutch, and entrusted to Sir Rob. Vyner, in compensation for the 
said damages, only 3,615/. has been paid away, whilst Sir Robert, on 
various excuses, withholds the 28,385/.; requests that the accounts 
of the transaction may be brought into the Exchequer, and the 
‘remaining money handed over to one of the secretaries, to be paid 
to the proprietors. Endorsed with note that Lord Arlington’s 
opinion thereon is desired by Mr. Boevey in Chancery Lane. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. IT. 258, No, 1.] 


James Baskerville to Williamson. Upwards of 20 ships have 
arrived from places named. [Jbid. No. 2.] 


Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. I have consigned 
the victuals to be shipped for Sir Thos. Allin’s fleet, and hope the ships 
will be at Cadiz to receive them; but in case they should not, as it 
happened with the last, which were delivered at Tangier, I desire 
orders what shall be done with them, for preventing extra loss and 
charge. [Zbid. No. 3.] 


Papers relating to goods embezzled belonging to the King, viz :— 
Memorandum made by Surveyor Middleton and Samuel Pepys, 
Clerk of the Acts, on the examination of [Phineas] Pett, 
master shipwright, and others, as to lending boats from the 
stores at Chatham to Mr. Kent; Pett would not swearthat they 
were all returned, but would swear that he had never sold nor 
given Kent any.—26 March 1669. [24 pages. Ibid. No. 4.] 
Affidavits by Thos. Burley of Hoo, Kent, Daniel Eldridge, 
Francis Toney, and Wm. Dover, relative to boats, old piles, 
and spurshores, supposed to be taken by Pett, and converted 
to his own use. [lbid. Nos. 5, 6.] 


1669. 


March 28. 


March 29. 
Martha and 
Mary, 
Downs. 


March 29. 


Yarmouth. 


March 29. 
Chester. 


March 29. 
Lyme. 


CHARLES II. 251 


Affidavit of Jeremiah Lambert, of Gillingham. Francis Toney 
demanded of Mr. Kent whose boat it was that he had in his 
ground; he replied it was his own, and he bought it of 
Mr. Pett; did not hear anything said about its being bor- 
rowed. With note that Daniel Eldridge showed the Board 
the absolution of his late excommunication, under the seal 
of the Archbishop of Canterbury, with a certificate of its 
being published 14 March by Ralph Twiss, Vicar of Gilling- 
ham, Also note that Cornelius Paine and 3 others make 
oath that they saw nothing ina smack laden by Mr. Wilson’s 
servants, save fag ends of cables.—27 March 1669. [14 pages. 
S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 258, No. 7.] 


Notes on the evidence of the witnesses before named. [2 pages. 


Ibid. No. 8.] 


Thos. Price to Fras. Royley. I have directed your letters. All 
friends desire to be remembered; your wife and daughter are well. 


[Ibid. No. 9.] 


Sir W. Godolphin to Williamson. I have received Sir Rich. Beel- 
ing’s letter, with an enclosure from her Majesty to the Queen of 
Spain. We sailed from the Downs on the 25th with other ships, 
but were forced back by contrary winds. We met the Portland, and 
heard of the Prince of Tuscany’s arrival at Plymouth. We have 
M. Oxenstern, the Swedish Envoy for Portugal, and other company on 
board, too good to be made prize by the Algiers men, whom we shall 
begin to fear as we approach the rock of Lisbon, their usual station. 

Here are two victuallers bound. for Cadiz, or Sir Thos. Allin’s 
squadron, and the Orange, a caper taken from the Dutch in the 
late war, ready to convoy them; as we are going the same way, 
I have written to Mr. Wren that the captain may have a care of us, 
in case we are attacked, our own vessel having too many guns to con- 
descend to be searched. If Mr. Wren gives orders for the Orange 
to sail with us, send them by express. [1% pages. Ibid. No. 10.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. Two ships have come in from 
Marseilles with brimstone, almonds, &c., one of which fell in with an 
Algiers man-of-war of 36 guns, who made a strict search, which 
they said was, on account of the abuses. they met with, under the 
colour of being English ships and goods; but they were otherwise 
kind, inviting the master and merchant aboard to a civil treat of 
sweetmeats, and what their ship affurded. Arrival of ships from 
Nantes and Wales. [Jbid. No. 11.] 


Ma, Anderton to Williamson. There have arrived from Holy- 
head, [Hugh Hamilton] Lord Glenawly, [John Berkeley, Viscount] 
Fitzharding, and 5 other young gentlemen, for London; they came 
over from Dublin in the pleasure boat. [Ibid. No. 12.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. The Fellowship has arrived from 
Jamaica, and reports the place in good condition, only more men 
and women might do well. The Ozford frigate was blown up at 
the Isle of Ash, with 200 men and 5 of the captains of the fleet, 
there being a council sitting for taking Carthagena ; but her com- 


252 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS, 


1669. 
mander, Capt. Haggar, was saved, (he being imprisoned at Jamaica 
for killing his master), and other commanders were saved out of the 
water. The Ozford a week before had fetched a French rover who 
had plundered an English merchantman, and the captain and 40 of 
his men, being on board at the time of the blowing up, are sus- 
pected, the captain being afterwards taken out of the water quite 
naked, with gold in his mouth ; he has since been brought to Jamaica, 
and condemned by a council of war to be hanged, and his ship 
made prize. The Fellowship confirms the taking of Porto Bello, 
with the loss of only 2 men, and of their having run on shore, to 
spare the ship from fire. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 258, No. 13.] 


March 29. John Pocock to Williamson. To the same effect. Also, Sir Thos. 

Weymouth. Modyford has lately buried his lady. A vessel from Jamaica 
with passengers went into Porto Rico to victual, and the captain 
going himself on shore to treat with the Spaniards, came on board, 
and told his passengers that if they would go on shore, they might 
have what refreshment they pleased; 27 went with him, who 
with himself were all kept by the Spaniards; they would have 
also got the ship and the rest of the company, but those on 
board perceiving, it, weighed anchor and went back to Jamaica. 
[14 pages. Ibid. No. 14.] 


March 29. Fras. Bellott to Williamson. There are but few vessels in the 

Pendennis. harbour. Capt. Godolphin is still at Pendennis, but intends his 
voyage for the East Indies. A Dutch vessel has come in from 
Rotterdam. [Jbid. No. 15.] 


March 29. Wm. Christian to Williamson. Being informed that Eras. Tower- 
Custom House, gon has gone to London to make complaint against me, I desire 
Carlisle. vou will not conclude me guilty, until I have attended on you and 
disputed the difference with him in your presence. I am delayed by 

my great desire for your brother’s company. [Jbid. No. 16.] 


March 29. Sir Wm. Neale to Williamson, Thanks for your kindness; I 
The Llay. never met with such friends since the Restoration, and it has made 
me cheerful to think how highly Lord Arlington esteems one who 

has so little merited it. [Zbid. No. 17.] 


March 29. Account of the allowances to Foreign Ministers, as proposed by the 
Lords of the Treasury in 1667, settled by the Foreign Committee 
the same year, and altered by his Majesty in 1669. [Jbid. 
No. 174. ] 

March 29. Proclamation forbidding the import of foreign corn in time of 

Whitehall. plenty, as clogging the market, and causing grain to be undersold. 
[Printed. Proc. Coll., p. 267.] 


March 29. Commission to Thos. Richardson to be ensign to Capt. Thos. 
Stradling’s company, in Col. John Russell’s regiment of guards. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 29, p. 31.] 


March 29. Warrant to Sir Thos. Osborne and Sir Thos. Littleton, Navy 
Treasurers, to pay out of money to be repaid from the wine Act or 
otherwise, 2,271/. to Signor Manuel de Fonseca, for French wines 
taken by Prince Rupert for the service of the Navy, an order of 
10 May 1667 for payment being still unpaid, and likely to be so 


1669, 


March 30. 
Whitehall. 


March 380. 


March 30. 


Portsmouth. 


March 30. 


Portsmouth, 


March 30. 
Chatham. 


March 30. 
Navy Office. 


March 30. 
Chatham. 


March 30. 
Chatham. 


March 30. 
Navy Office. 


CHARLES II. 253 


for a long time, by reason of the precedency of other Navy bills; 
another order of 31 Aug. 1668, charging the late Navy Treasurer 
to pay this sum from the customs of November to February last 
is also unpaid, owing to the removal of the then treasurer. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 80, f. 123.] 


Order for a warrant to pay during pleasure to Thos. Samborne, 
appointed marshal of ceremonies to attend ambassadors sent from 
foreign princes, on resignation of Amice Andros, 1007. a year, the 
said annuity being granted to Andros for life. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 26, f. 50.) 


Pass for a horse for Lord Brien. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 30, f. 123.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. No news of any kind. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II, 258, No. 18.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. The 
Dragon is sheathed and taking in ballast, and I expect seamen to 
enter themselves to-day. I have viewed several parcels of trees, 
and offered money for them, but none sell as yet. They stand at 
42s. and 48s. a load, delivered at the waterside, whence it will cost 
2s. more. Col. Reymes has sent in canvas, and the storekeeper 
desires a copy of the contract, to make out a bill. The hoys from 
Deptford are unladen. [Jbid. No. 19.] 


Wm. Rand and John Brooke to the Navy Commissioners. We 
are rigging the Warwick, which is ready to receive officers and men, 
and can take in her victuals in a week. We are forced to work all 


our ordinary on her, so we cannot do the other necessary work in 
the river. [JZbid. No. 20.] 


Navy Commissioners to the Commissioners of Accounts. We 
send a list of officers employed in the Navy, between Sept. 1664 and 
Dec. 1668. We hope to be able to send your other demands in a 
little time. [Jbid. No. 21.] 


Edw. Gregory to Pepys. I enclose a letter from Dan. Eldridge 
and Fras. Toney, which they desire transmitted. [Jbid. No. 22.] 
Encloses, 


Affidavit of Thos. Dawkins that Thos. Burley witnessed of his 
own free will, at the first meeting with Dun. Eldridge and 
Fras. Toney, that the boat in Mr. Kents possession was sold 
to him by Mr. Pett, the builder; and at the second meeting, 
that the boat then taken away from Mr. Kent was not the 
one bought, but another, which was seized by the Dutch, and 
that Mr. Kent had 6l. to pay for it—29 March 1669. [Lbid. 
No. 221.] 


Edw. Gregory to the Navy Commissioners. Sends bills for the 
ballast baskets, oil, pitch, and tar, brought by the Harwich hoy. 
[Ibid. No. 23.] 


Giles Bond, master of the Hope galliot, to the Navy Commissioners. 
Desires an order for provisions, his vessel being at Deptford. [Zbid. 


No. 24.] 


254 


1669. 
March 81. 


Ordnance 
Office. 


March 31. 
Mary yacht, 
Dublin. 


March 31. 
Chatham Dock, 


March 31. 


Hinchinbroke. 


March 31. 


March 31. 


Falmouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Edw. Sherburne and Rich. March to the Navy Commissioners 
Ask how they have dealt with Capt. Langley as to his wages, and 
what they know of the truth of the loss or plundering of the ketch, 
that they may discharge him of his obligation, or see his Majesty 
righted, in case his allegation be false. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 258, 
No. 25.| Enclose, 


Certificate by Thos. Langley to the Ordnance Commissioners, 
that having received order to carry a packet-to Cadiz in the 
Edward and Eve ketch, in June 1665, he was chased ashore 
by a Holland man-of-war, who took and plundered him of 
his ordnance and ammunition.—London, 25 March 1669. 
Copy. [Ibid. No. 251.] 


Capt. James Sharland to the Navy Commissioners. There are 
persons in Chester, Liverpool, and Dublin, who can supply a cable 
and hawser, but will not, because that last bill of credit I drew for 
sails, cordage, and trimming, now a year and half ago, is not satisfied. 
Mathew Anderton and Rob. Phillpot of Chester have threatened 
to sue me, and made such a noise that I can have no more credit. 
Pray send me two cables and a hawser, and boatswain and 
carpenter’s stores. If the ship continues here the next winter, we 
shall want a supply of new sails. [Zbid. No. 26.] 


Dan. Bowtwell to Pepys. Pray move the Board with my 
petition delivered at the Hill House, so as that the surgeon’s shop 
adjacent to my lodging may be granted me; the fitting of it for my 
convenience will not amount to much. Also ask that a cellar of 
8 or 10 feet square may be dug under my lodging, I having no place 
where to set a little beer or meat to preserve it. [Ibid. No. 27.] 


Earl of Sandwich to Williamson. I serd, as directed by 
Secretary Trevor, some examinations to be laid before Council. 
I have taken them with all care and circumspection; pray lay 
them before the King, with my character for readiness and fidelity 
in every occasion to serve him. [Jbid. No. 28.] 


H. Aldrich to his brother, Rob. Francis. We had the first meet- 
ing about our business yesterday ; there is a considerable difference, 
but I hope at the next to bring things nearer together, and put a 
period without any suit at law. Iam resolved to be a loser, rather 
than go to law when I can avoid it. I hope to be at home on 
Saturday week. Pray deliver the letters enclosed, especially those 
to Roland and my sister Ursula. [Jbid. No. 29.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. Several vessels have arrived bound for 
places named. The Morning Star continues at Falmouth, the 
captain being much troubled by his men running away; some of 
them he is forced to put in prison, and has much trouble to get 
others, they fearing, because the voyage has proved so unfortunate 
in the beginning, that it will not end well, and that they will have 


_ to allow their wages to make good the loss. [Ibid. No. 30.] 


March 31. 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 31.) 


1669. 
March 81. 


Bristol. 


[March 31.] 


Whitehall. 


March 31. 
W hitehall. 


March 31. 


March 81. 


March 31. 


March. 


March ? 


March ? 


CHARLES IL. 255 


James Baskerville to Williamson. The Blossom and other vessels 
have arrived from New England and Virginia, and left some more 
in the Channel coming up. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 258, No. 32.] 


Note of passports required for Lawrence Debusty, merchant, resi- 
dent in London, to go to France and return. [French. Ibid. No. 33.] 


Pass for Lawrence Debusty to go and return. [Jbid. No. 34.] 


Note of the said pass, adding two geldings. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 30, f. 123.] 


Pass for 14 horses to France for Lord Middlesex. Minute. [Jbid. 
J- 123] ; 

The King to his cousin [the Elector Palatine]. I have always 
been concerned about the differences between you and my cousin, 
Prince Rupert, and I offer one expedient more. Let Prince Rupert 
discharge you from all arrears of appanage, amounting to 6,000., 
and lay down his pretensions as executor to the Queen [of Bohemia], 
my aunt, contenting himself with the moveables of the Palatinate 
house which he already has, and 3,000. a year, if he has no lawful 
issue. I send over his secretary, James Hayes, to whom give 
credence and despatch. If you comply herein, I shall be much 
satisfied. If not, I must do my utmost to obtain for my cousin, 
Prince Rupert, what is due to him. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 21.] 


Petition of Chr. Andrews, bargeman, to the Navy Commissioners, 
for payment of 704/. 13s. 6d., due on bills for transportation of 
timber from Aliceholt and Whittlewood Forests to the water side, 
for 1665 and 1666 ; has two more freights now coming; there is 
enough of his Majesty’s timber lying at the water side, to answer 
all demands of the service, without any supply from timber mer- 


chants. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 258, No. 35.] 


Request made to Lord [Arlington] in behalf of Mrs. Cannell, 
widow,—imprisoned by Dr. Barrow, Bishop of the Isle of Man, July 
1668, for being a Catholic—for liberty, she holding only a third of 
a farm under the Earl of Derby; she was recommended by Abbot 
Montague from the Queen Mother. [Jbid. No. 36.] 


Petition of Rich. Colston to the King, showing that for 10 months 
of his office of gauger of Excise for the city of Worcester, by dis- 
covering many frauds of the brewers, he has so enraged them that 
they conspire against his life, and indict him falsely for an assault 
on Anne Butler, a brewer; prays for a reprieve, in case he be found 
guilty by the partiality of the jury. [Zbid. No. 37.] Annexing, 


Examinations of Rich. Colston, gentleman of Worcester, and 
of Sam. Young, taken before Thos. Street, Mayor, and other 
justices. Having received several informations that Anne 
Butler often concealed her brewings, they searched her house on 
the 2nd instant for concealed beer ; and before their departure, 
drank 2 or 3 flagons, but deny taking any liberties, or using 
any violence.—i Kept., Worcester. [14 pages. Copy. Ibid. 
No. $71.] 


1669, 


March ? 


March. 


March. 


March. 
Whitehall. 


March ? 


March ? 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


to Pray remind Lady Castlemaine to obtain 
the King’s signature to a reprieve for Rich. Colston of 
Worcester, in case that by the malice of the brewers there, he 
should be sentenced for a crime falsely imputed to him by 
Anne Butler, a common strumpet ; she has already accused 
8 persons of the sume crime, in order to gain money. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. TI. 258, No. 3711.] 

Proposed warrant to Sir Thos. Twysden and Sir Wm. Wylde, 
Barts., the Sheriff of Worcester, and others, to reprieve Rich. 
Colston, maliciously accused of a rape, in case he should be 
found guilty, by the violence of the prosecution. [Ibid. 
No. 3711.] 


Petition of Margaret Griffin (or Griffith), prisoner in Newgate, to 
Lord Arlington, to be released—having obtained her warrant for 
transportation—without payment of fees, which, being impoverished 
by her tedious imprisonment, she is unable to pay. [See 21 Jan. | 
1669. Ibid. No. 38.] 


Mary Curson to Rob. Francis, at Lord Arlington’s office. Requests 


him to send the enclosed to her sister Heb, [Zbid. No. 39.] 


Proposal by Weneslaus Hollar, “his Majesty’s scenographer, or 
designer of prospects.” Ifthe King will send me with Lord Henry 
Howard, the Ambassador, with whose grandfather I lived in the 
like employment, and allow me 1007. towards fitting myself and 
leaving my house and family in good condition, then I will 
adventure my person and time, and give an account of what is 
worthy to be observed in those parts, especially the city of Tangier ; 
for although there is a large map thereof done by me—but 
performed only upon the author’s tradition by word of mouth, and 
my own bringing into method—I conceive if one should compare 
the print with the thing itself, as I intend doing if I go there, 
I should find but little likeness, and perhaps quite another thing. 
I would examine all, and take designs, and give his Majesty much 
better satisfaction, although the other had more for his pains than 
Task. [Zbid. No. 40.] 


Blank warrant to Sir Edw. Griffin, Treasurer of the Chamber, for 

a payment to John Birtby, Ant. Ryder, and John Gauntlett, clerks 

of the Privy Council, for their pains in writing above 1,000 circular 

letters, and other letters and orders, as directed by the Navy Com- 

missioners during the late war, and by the committees for the 
sickness (plague), fire of London, &c. [lbid. No. 41.] Enclosing, 

List of letters, orders, &c., written for the King’s service, from 

1 Sept. 1663 to 5 March 1669; with the number of copies of 


each required, varying from 1 to 68. [8 pages. Ibid. 
No. 411.] 


List of the King’s Ministers and of English Consuls abroad. 
[2% pages. Ibid. No. 42.] 


Account of an Act passed in Parliament on 16 March 1664, 
for suppressing seditious conventicles, to last for 3 years after 


1669. 


March ? 


March ? 


March ? 


March. 
Deal. 


79380. 


CHARLES II. 257 


that session, and then to the end of the next session; the 8 years 
expired 17 May 1667; this session was prorogued 1 March last, so 
the Act has now lasted one session after the expiration of the 
3 years. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 258, No. 43.] 


Advertisement of the loss of a portmanteau, with writings of 
concern, from the Cambridge coach, between London and Bishop 
Stortford, offering a reward for its recovery. [Jbid. No. 44.] 


Certificate that the Lily began petty warrant 12 June 1667, as 
appears by the muster book, signed by Capt. [Jas.] Jenifer, and 
given in long since by him to the Navy Office. [Jbid. No. 45.] 


Tabular statement of the value of the bishopric of St. Asaph, of 
all the offices connected therewith; also of all the benefices in the 
diocese ; containing the reputed value, estimate in the King’s books, 
subsidies, tithes, &c., with the name of the present occupants and 
patrons; also memoranda relating to some of the livings. [134 pages. 


Ibid. No. 45,.] 


Lists sent by Mor. Lodge, to Williamson, of King’s and mer- 
chant ships in the Downs, the state of the wind, time of the 
arrival and despatch of mails, &. :— 


Vol. Mails. 

258. | Date. King’s. un — | Wind. REMARES. 

No. "| Arrival. | Despatch. 

46 | March 1 2 6 — 6 p.m S.W. 

47 apse 2 5 — 6 p.m N.E. 

48 ae 2 4 5 6 p.m S. 

49 zo 4 2 — == 5 p.m E. 

Bra motes aS 2 = = = W. 

51 po ad 2 — — 5 p.m = 

52 a uel 2 5 — 6 p.m S. 

53 aie RS 2 3 — 5 p.m S.W. 

54 SERTO 1 5 = 6 p.m S. 

55 a lol 1 6 — 6 p.m E. 

56 site EL 1 5 4 p.m. 6 p.m. S.S.E. 

57 on AB 1 — 5 p.m. 6 p.m. E. 

BS lees. ard ite 1 25 5 p.m. S. 

59 ib 1 2 = 5pm. | S.E.S. 

60 om 6. i — — 6 p.m. E. 

61 cay a7 1 2 = 5 p.m N.E. 

62a 1Suhe ot = = 6pm. | N.E. 

63 eel 1 — — 5 p.m. N.E 

64 re DL 1 12 — 6 p.m W One of his Majesty’s 
pleasure boats has 
sailed through from 
the southward for the 
river. 

65 ee 1 11 a 6 p.m N.E. 

66 aA 1 11 E 6pm. | N.W. 

67 era 9 — N. Sir Wm. Godolphin, 
Ambassador for Spain, 
set sail. 

68 =o 26 1 1 as 6 p.m S.W. 

69 see 1 12 — 6 p.m N.W. 

70 a As: 1 15 — 7 pm N.W. 

71 ae 1 19 = 6pm. | N.W. 

72 » 30 1 20 3 p.m. 6 p.m S.W. 

73 PESI 1 21 — 6pm. |W.S.W. 


1669. 
March. 


March, 


March. 


March. 


March. 
March. 
March. 


March. 


March. 


March. 


March. 


April 1. 
Oxford. 


April 1. 


Portsmouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Grant to the President, &c., of the Royal Society of London for 
improvement of natural knowledge, of several parcels of land 
in Chelsea, with the houses and buildings thereon, granted or in- 
tended to be granted by King James to Chelsea College, rent 
21. 7s. 4d.; with alterations in the government of the society, and 
provisoes that the land be not alienated nor sold, and that the presi- 
dent and his deputy take the oaths of allegiance and supremacy, 
before they enter on the execution of their offices. [Docquet, 
Vol. 24, No. 23.] 


Grant to Rachel, Viscountess Falkland, of 3,0007. out of the em- 
bezzlement of prize goods in Ireland, to be discovered by herself 
or her agents. [Jbid. No. 24.] 


Warrant to discharge and allow to Sir George Carteret, late 
Treasurer of the Navy, on his accounts, 15,0007., part of 30,0007. re- 
mitted by him by the King’s direction to Ireland, and paid the Earl 
of Anglesey, then Vice-Treasurer there, to strengthen that kingdom 
against the preparations of the Dutch, with whom his Majesty was 
then at war. [Zbid. No. 26.] i ; 


Warrant to pay to the 6 justices of the Great Sessions in Wales 


_ an augmentation of 1007. a year each, with their former allowance 


of 507., out of the revenue in North and South Wales. [Jbid.] 


Warrant to pay to Philip Packer, paymaster of the works, 6,0002. 
on account for rebuilding the Custom House. [Ibid. No. 27.] 


Warrant to pay to Sir Robert Vyner 12,4567. 10s. 9d. for jewels. 
plate, &., from 24 June 1668 to 14 Feb. 1669. [Zbid. No. 29.] 


Warrant to pay to [Ald.] Edw. Backwell 6,6572. 16s. 4d. as interest 
for advancing to the King 128,8962. 18s. 3d. at several times. [Zbid.] 


Warrant to pay to John Portman 497l. 17s. 61d. as interest of 
9,6087. 16s. 1d. advanced to Sir George Carteret for the King’s ser- 
vice. [Lbid.] 

Warrant to pay to Isaac Meynell 26,1977. 18s. 8d. as interest of 
820,187}. advanced to Sir George Carteret for the King’s service. 
[Lbid.] 

Warrant to pay to the Lieutenant of the Ordnance 40,0007. on 
account, for providing a magazine of saltpetre. [Zbid. No. 31.] 


Warrant to the Treasurer of the Chamber to pay to John Myer, 
violinist in place of Yonckney, deceased, 161. 2s. 6d. a year 
for his livery. [Jbid. No. 32.] 

Dr. J. Fell to [Williamson]. In what manner is the Prince of 
Tuscany to be received? I consider that his Majesty and the public 
may have a concernment in what is done to so near an ally, but if 
the Prince resolves to come upon us by surprise, I hope he will 
pardon whatever omissions his own choice occasions. Thanks for 


the care you have taken with Sir Bernard Gascoigne. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 258, No. 74.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. There is no news of any kind 
here, [lbid. No. 75.] 


1669. 
“April 1. 


Carlisle. 


April 1. 
Old Durham. 


April 1. 


April 1. 


[April 1.] 


CHARLES II. 259 


Sir Philip Musgrave to [Wiiliamson.] Pray act as a friend in 
the dispute about the Customers place at Carlisle Port, between 
Mr. Towerson and Mr. Christian; they both look upon you as 
their friend, and are willing to submit to your judgment. Tower- 
son has acted and suffered much upon the score of loyalty, and I 
believe him to be an honest man; but not having heard Christian’s 
allegations, I have not grounds sufficient to build an opinion upon. 
My son Thomas has been installed Prebendary of Carlisle, and Arch- 
deacon of the diocese, at the free motion of the Bishop. It isa 
comfort to my old age to have him settled so near, and I hope he will 
be contént with what is sufficient for him. [14 pages. S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT, 258, No. 76.] 


Michael Tempest to Williamson. I must beg you to be mindful of 
my business, in order to obtaining his Majesty’s letter to make use 
of the next term,and prevent a seizure in the Exchequer in Ireland. 
Also lay the Master of the Rolls’ certificate and the report before 
Lord Arlington, in order to the abating of the rent and arrears, as 
unless that be done, it will not be worth while to pass it under the 
Great Seal; 40/. of the arrear was allowed on account by Sir Daniel 
Bellingham, the Receiver, but for want of taking a receipt in 
due time, he pretends to have forgotten it, and so it must be paid 
again, unless remitted upon the report. The petition prays both, and 
the certificate and report make out their justice. I hope his lordship 
will have moved his Majesty in both. I could not allow time before 
I left London to settle my difference with Col. Vernon, but trust 
respect will be paid to all just pretensions, wherein I hope as 
much friendship from you as in justice can be expected. 

With note by Col. John Tempest. I am beholden to my cousin 
for giving me the opportunity of assuring you that you will find us 
just and faithful in our promises, and that we intend prosecuting our 
pretensions with all imaginable vigour, and hope we shall find a con- 
tinuance of your friendship and readiness. [14 pages. Ibid. No. 77.] 


Writ of Ad quod damnum to Edm. Wiseman, Sheriff of Berk- 
shire, to inquire whether any damage would arise if William, Ear! 
of Craven, were to hold a fair at Chipping Lamborne on the Monday 


_in Whitweek, and a weekly fair on Fridays, receiving the customary 


tolls—2 March 1669. Also his return thereon, 1 April, ia favour 
thereof. [Latin. 2 pages. Ibid. No. 78.] 


Reference of the petition of George Snelling, for pardon for 
barratry, to the judge who sat upon the trial. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 33, p. 16.] 


Petition of Anthony Hammond to the King, to confirm leases made 
by the trustees of the Queen Mother, in 1661 and 1663, of the posses- 
sion and reversion of Somersham manor and park, value 4507. a 
year—on paying 160.. old rent to the Queen—to Mr. Cornwallis, 
in trust for Sir Kenelm Digby, under whom the petitioner claims ; 
also of the custody and herbage and pannage of the said park, to 
the Earl of Suffolk, from whom Sir Kenelm purchased it for 2,5007 
[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 258, No. 80.] 

R 2 


260 


1669. 
April 1. 


April 1. 


Portsmouth. 


April 1. 


April 2. 
Chatham. 


April 2. 
Woolwich. 


April 2. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Reference of the preceding petition to the Treasury Commis- 
sioners. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 16.] 

Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I shall 
not take more from Dr. Perrin than present occasion calls for, until 
the contract be passed. I shall endeavour to bring Paul Coles to 
terms; I thought you might have better settled with him, as he 
is a stranger to me; Mr. Deane should view his timber, that you 
may not be disappointed. I have treated for some good timber, and 
offered money for near 1,0007. worth, judging the money at my 
disposal, but Mr. Ridge says he has no order for paying any part of 
the 1,0007. IfIam to go through with the bargain, I hope you 
willsee me secured with money for payment. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 
258, No. 81.] 


Ant. Fist to the Navy Commissioners. I undertook to procure, for 
a friend, payment of a ticket for 15l., and had promise of it, but having 
another of near the same value, I delivered that in mistake, received 
the money, and paid it to whom I thought it was due; demand 
being made for the other, and not finding it, I presumed it was lost. 
When I understood that search had been made, and the money 
charged upon me, I found out my error, and offered satisfaction on 
good security, but the party concerned arrested me. I know not 
how to clear myself, unless you procure a warrant for taking both 
serjeants and plaintiff into custody, so that I may have time to 
give satisfaction. [Jbid. No. 82.] 

J. Wilson, storekeeper, to Pepys. I received an unsigned letter 
importing that the Sovereign’s boat had put a cable aboard John 
Moorcock’s ketch ; I sent the letter to Eldridge and Toney, who are 
gone in chase of the ketch; pray send a despatch to Newcastle and 
Sunderland, where they will meet the vessel. I have acquainted 
the master attendant here, and presume he will make what dis- 
covery he can. Expedition is all in this case, for when parties 
concerned receive the alarm, tidings fly to the ketch, and rather 
than be caught, overboard goes the cable. [Jbid. No. 83.] 

Jonas Shish and Edw. Byland to the Navy Commissioners. We 
think the estimate proposed for converting the Royal James to a 
hulk will make her substantial, but we desire you will order other 
shipwrights to pass their judgment, it having been the custom to 
have more than two on such surveys; Capt. Deane, being in town, 
and being a master shipwright, isa proper person to give an opinion, 
with others used to take contract work. [Jbid. No. 84.] Enclosing, 

Estimate by the Same, of works requisite to be performed 
to the Royal James, for fitting her as a hulk ; total, 1,6351. 
[Lbid. No. 841.] 

Certificate by Commissioner J. Tippetts that he has perused this 
estimate, and conceives the whole work mentioned therein 
may be done for 1,3501. [Ibid. No. 8411.] 

Notes by Williamson on an argument by Dr. Worsley, as to the 
expediency of buying foreign ships, as being cheaper than building 
new ones, As to cheapness, the argument is felo de se. The 
owners of foreign ships might gain 10 per cent., but the owners of 


1669. 


April 2. 


April 2. 


April 2. 
Plymouth. 


April 2. 


April 3. 


CHARLES II. 261 


English ships would be under great disadvantage ; we must build, 
or the inequality will still remain. [2 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 
258, No. 85.] 


Dr. L. Jenkins to Williamson. I have decreed a commission of 
inspection to issue upon the petition of the King’s Proctor, 
whereby you may search for all papers late in the custody of Sir 
Ant. des Marces, that concern his Majesty’s negotiations or affairs of 
State, which you must do in presence of Mark Cottle, the Regis- 
trar, who will attend when you appoint. 

M. Breval sends his thanks for your giving him some hopes 
of a pension while waiting for a benefice, but I told him that I 
had observed, “ever since I read Balzac’s letters, that there is a 
sort of pensions at Court which are of a very melancholy specula- 
tion.” This, I observed, visibly took off his edge from engaging in 
the French Church’s service within this city. I perceive that he 
has the address and the fervors of a Capucin in soliciting his 
affair, and hope he will have the patience and resignation which 
that strict order teaches, if he meets with disappointment. I have 
always intimated that he must not value himself overmuch upon bis 
qualifications in the communion that he has left, and that he 
should pursue his design of appearing in print. I am going 
towards Oxford until Easter Tuesday. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 86.] 


Ro. Boyle to Williamson. I beg a continuation of your favours 
to Lady Gent, in the affair she is now prosecuting. [Jbid. No. 87.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. A ship from Virginia has arrived 
laden with tobacco; she gives a very good account of that country, 
and says there is a fine crop of tobacco this year. [Jbid. No. 88.] 


Grant to the bailiff and jurates of Jersey of imports on wines, 
cider, and apples, towards maintaining a college, workhouse, pier, 
and magazine of arms, and the same petty customs for maintaining 
the pier as Guernsey has. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 33.] 


Case of Sir Stephen Fox. He paid Wm. Carr, on 22 May 1667, 
2,2917. 16s. Od. towards the pay of his Majesty’s troop ; by an Order 
of Council of 18 Sept. 1667, Lord Gerard and he were directed to 
lay down that amount by equal parts, and what remained when 
the troop was paid, which was 605/. 17s. 8d., was to be equally 
divided, which was done. Then the sum in difference was 
1,6857. 18s. 4d., which by the same order was left to a trial at 
law ; but this being delayed over 3 terms, Sir Stephen Fox again 
brought it, by petition, before his Majesty and Council, who deter- 
mined that the sum in difference should be divided into 8 parts, 
2 to be paid by Sir Stephen, and 1 by his lordship, whereby 
Gerard’s part amounted to 5611. 19s. 53d. and Fox’s to 
1,123., 18s. 102d. Lord Gerard having paid 1,145/. 18s. Od., received 
back by the first order 302l. 18s. 10d., but is to pay by the second 
561l. 19s. 54d.; so that if the second order be insisted on, Sir 
Stephen Fox is to pay 280l. 19s. 82d., being 175l. more than he 
ought, and of which his lordship only faintly consents to pay 
701, [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 258, No. 89.] 


262 


1669. 
April 3. 
Lichfield. 


April 3. 
Saturday. 


April 3, 


Coventry. 


April 3. 


April 3. 
Weymouth. 


April 3. 
Lyme. 


April 3. 


April 3. 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


H. Aldrich to his brother, Rob. Francis. I have received letters 
from my cousin Melsam and Mr. Price. Pray inquire of my sister 
Nutty what she has done about my Lord’s clothes, as he will want to 
wear them at Easter. We have had 2 meetings about my business, 
but the latter has put us further off than ever, my sister having 
put herself into the hands of an attorney, who will not let it come 
to any end unless I will lose 200/. or 300l., for which I see no 
reason. Tuesday next is appointed for another meeting, and if it 
be not peace, then I must proclaim war. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 258, 
No. 90.] 


Sir Wm. Boreman to Williamson. Pray prepare a letter or 
mandamus, for Lord Arlington to peruse and present to the King, 
on behalf of William Rolfe, Fellow of New College, Oxford; the 
parsonage of Hardwick, co. Oxon, is void by death of Dr. Wm. 
Barker, but the gift being in Dr. Woodroffe, Warden of New College, 
who is biassed by a particular relation, he fears he shall not have 
fair play in the canvass without this letter. I am going to Green- 
wich to prepare for his lordship’s dinner, and will speak to him 
about it. [Zbid. No. 91.] 


[Ralph Hope] to [Williamson]. The Countess of Southampton 
has come to her newly purchased house, and was received at the 
limits of the county by the aldermen, and a considerable number of 
the principal citizens, with other demonstrations of respect. The 
Leather Hall meetings make a great noise, and are very much 
resorted to, and beget great sullenness and animosity, which, if not 
regulated, may be of ill consequence. Herne, who was reprieved at 
Warwick, has gone out with a guard. [Damaged. Ibid. No. 92.] 


William, Bishop of Lincoln, to Williamson. Here is a worthy 
divine who will undertake to oust an unworthy archdeacon ; pray 
put in a caveat against the Archdeacon of Lincoln, who will en- 
deavour to procure a corroboration of his title. Conceal my name 
if you can. [Jbid. No. 93.] 


John Pocock to Hickes. The Elizabeth has arrived in 6 weeks 
from Virginia, and says that most of the London and Bristol men 


are only half laden, but will be ready in a few days. [Jbid. 
No. 94.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. The Jane and Susan have arrived 
from Morlaix, and the Margaret and 2 others from St. Malo; they 


report that the French are very busy raising men for sea and land 


service, and fitting their fleet, which they pretend is for relief of 
Candia, though some suspect other designs. They complain of a 
great damp upon our manufacture there, caused by the large quan- 
tities of wool they have from Ireland. [Zbid. No, 95.] 


Warrant to pay to Sir Thos. Osborne and Sir Thos. Littleton, 
exercising the office of Navy Treasurer, 100,0007. more, in full of 
200,0007. for the Navy service, for the year ending Jan. 1670, 
[Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 34.] 


The King to the Master, &, of God’s-gift College, Dulwich. 
We command you to elect to the wardenship of the college, void by 


CHARLES II. 263 


1669. 
death of Thos. Alleyn, John Alleyn, who is of the name and 
family of Edw. Alleyn, founder of the college, as required by 
statute, dispensing with the clause which requires the master not 
to be married. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 22:] 


[April 3.] Petition of Elias Alleyn to the King. King James granted a 
patent to Edw. Alleyn to establish Dulwich College, the master 
and warden to be single persons, admitted on oath, to be of his blood 
and name, and to be removable on marriage; but John Alleyn, a 
married man, on untrue suggestions, procured his Majesty’s man- 
date to be admitted warden. He cannot take the oath without 
perjury, being a married man; nor can the brethren and sisters 
admit him without the oath, having sworn to perform the college 
statutes ; thus his Majesty will be made the author of the violation 
of ordinances, and of misrule. Begs to be made warden instead, 
having been instrumental in obtaining gowns and pensions for 30 
poor members, of which they have been defrauded 30 years, and 
rectified other great abuses; would probably have been elected 
warden, but for the said mandate. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 258, 
No. 96.] Annexing, 


Copy of Edw. Alleyn’s ordinance that the master and wardens 
of the college shall be single, of his blood and name, 21 years 
of age, and men of honest lives and conversation, &e. [Lbid. 
No. 961.] 


Copy of the oath to be taken by the master or warden that he 
as single, will obey the statutes of the college, defend its 
rights, &c. [Ibid. No. 9611.] 


Clause in Alleyn’s will, charging all persons concerned not 
to alter or change the ordinances of the college. [Ibid. 
No. 9611] 

Abstract of the statutes for governing Dulwich College. [14 
sheets. Ibid. No. 961v.] 

Breviat of King James's letters patent for its foundation. 
[Lbid. No. 96v.] 


Proposed warrant recalling the mandate granted to John 
Alleyn, a married man, to be admitted warden of Dulwich 
College—this being contrary to the statutes of the founder— 
and ordering a new election to be made in 14 days; and 

> lest any should dare in future to misinform his Majesty, 
the said John Alleyn shall be prosecuted, and the Lord 
Keeper issue a commission to Sir Thos. Alleyn, and 
15 other persons named, to visit and regulate the college, 
according to the statutes of the founder. (Ibid. No. 96v1.] 


April 3. Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. Much 
Portsmouth. time is lost for want of timber; I must have more than the 600/. 
for Mr. Ridge, out of the 1,0002. ordered, or all hitherto done will be 
but beating down prices for other men; a fortnight’s delay will 
cause the proprietors to dispose of their goods. I have little en- 
couragement to expect the performance of Paul Coles’ proposals, but 
you shall know more when Capt. Deane has seen the goods. I could 


264 


` 1669. 


April 3. 


London. 


April 3. 
Ordnance 
Office. 


April 4. 
Whitehall. 


April 4. 


April 4. 
The 
Mary yacht, 
Dublin. 


April 4. 
Leghorn. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


not bring Chris. Coles to any abatement, so agreed for a freight or 
two to keep the men at work; I have been in treaty with Henry 
Steele and others for oak and other timber. I furnished Mr. East- 
wood with 20l., and sent him to the New Forest, to hasten down 
beams for the new ship. I intreat you to pay my imprest bill for 
100/., that I may be reimbursed, as nothing can be done without 
ready money. [3 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 258, No. 97.] 


Thos. Goose, purser [of the Sweepstakes], to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. I desire a perusal of my papers and Capt. Saunders’ 
letter, and a settlement of my affairs, that I may return to Yarmouth. 
I have addressed you 8 times, and applied at Sir Wm. Penn’s office, 
but can find no relief. Particulars of the claim; with note that 
Sir John Mennes will answer it, Sir Wm. Penn being sick, and 
ceasing to act. [Jbid. No. 98.] 


Jonas Moore and Edw. Sherburne to the Navy Commissioners. 
We want 20 tons of junk for gunners’ wadding for ships fitting 
out to sea. [Lbid. No. 99.] 


M. Wren to Pepys. I beg answer to certain scruples named, before 
I solicit his Royal Highness’s signature to an order for payment to 
persons named; they coucern the expenses of officers at courts 
martial, Capt. Deane’s salary, and the discharge of the men on the 
Sampson prize. I send a privy seal as requested. [11 pages. Ibid. 
No. 100.] 


John Shales to the Navy Commissioners. I petitioned his Royal 
Highness for a continuance of my Surveyor’s salary of 150/. a year, 
from termination of my business at Portsmouth, till commencing 
with Lord Brouncker in ordinary ; this I was informed by Mr. Wren 
could not be allowed, for precedent’s sake; but that I should 
have the ordinary salary of the office, which I hope may be allowed 
for the whole time, as other extra clerks have been paid. ([Jbid. 
No. 101.] 


Capt. James Sharland to the Navy Commissioners. Isend a book 
of the entry and discharge of my men, of which I have given an 
account before. [Jbid, No. 102.] 


Capt, Ch. O’Brien to the Navy Commissioners. I made a survey 
of the victuals which had lain here 3 years, found the flesh just 
eatable, and gave order for shipping it otf. The wine is good, and 
I doubt not but Mr. Longland may soon dispose of it. I shall per- 
form your directions at Tangier. We sail to-morrow, with 5 or 
6 Cephalonia and other ships, We believe the Gallipoli fleet sailed 
straight home. With note that Mr, Clutterbuck has undertaken to 
answer as to the shortness of the beverage, [Jbid. No. 103.] Encloses, 


Certificate by Capt, Ch. O'Brien, commander of the Leopard, 
and 6 others, that they have surveyed the provisions lying at 
St. Peters, consisting of 127 casks of beef and pork, and 
found only 4 unserviceable, but all much wanting in due 
werght.—1 April 1669, [Ibid. No. 1081,] 


1669. 


April 4. 


Portsmouth. 


[April 4] 


April 4. 
Hull. 


April 4. 


Portsmouth. 


April 4. 
Deal. 


April 4. 
Milford. 


April 4. 


Neweastle. 


April 4. 


April 4. 
[April 4.] 
[April 4.] 


[April 4.] 


April 4. 


CHARLES II. 265 


Account by Capt. Ch. O'Brien of provisions surveyed by him 
and others in Mr. Clutterbuck’s house, Leghorn, and in the 
magazine at St. Peters, 10 miles from Leghorn. [S.P. 
Dom., Car: IT, 258, No. 10311.] 

Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Roebuck has arrived at 
Spithead to be refitted, paid off, and laid up. Let the weekly 
written news be sent to Dr. Henry Perrin, physician, at Alsford 
[Alresford], and he will pay the same as others. . [Zbid. No. 104.] 


Notes from letters all calendared above. Endorsed “ Gazette.” 
[Ibid. No. 105.] 

Charles Whittington to Williamson. Several vessels have sailed 
for Holland, &e., but only a Dane from Norway has arrived. A 
small vessel going for the northward lost her main and mizen mast 
at sea, and was forced into Hull to refit. [Zbid. No. 106.] 


[Ben. Johnson] to [Williamson]. The Roebuck, from Jersey, has 
arrived at Spithead, where she remains with the Nonsuch, expecting 
orders; the Dragon is in forwardness for her voyage. The con- 
venticles at Gosport, outfacing authority, are the wonder of the 
place, there being no example to prevent them, but so many else- 
where in their favour; I could write at large on the subject, if it 
might be no offence. [Jbid. No. 107.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. The packets for Sir Wm. Godolphin 
have been delivered to him. [Jbid. No. 108.] 


John Powell to Hickes. There is no shipping in the harbour 
except a few light colliers. [Jbid. No. 109.] 

Mary Forster to Williamson. My husband died on Wednesday 
last, and was buried on Thursday. I shall be ready to correspond 
as he formerly did, and hope to discharge the business. A great 
number of ships are in, and a great fleet is expected. [Jbid. 
No. 110.] 
> Statement of particulars of the allowances, for salary and equipage, 
to foreign Ministers at places named, as settled by the Committee 
for Foreign Affairs, his Majesty being present. With note by Lord 
Arlington that his Majesty having been pleased to allow the same, 
has commanded his principal Secretaries of State to declare his 
pleasure thereupon, and to transmit a copy to the Treasury Com- 
missioners, to remain as a rule for future reference. [3 pages. 


Ibid. No. 111.] 
Copy of the above. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 112.] 
Draft of the above. [Jbid. No. 113.] 


Another draft, with notes of the allowances lately made to Ambas- 
sadors named. [81 pages. Ibid. No. 114.] 

Notes relating to the said allowances to Ambassadors, &c., which 
are to begin when they take leave of the King, and cease on their 
return to his presence; all advances made them to be deducted 
from their allowances. [Jbid. No. 115.] 


Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 26, f. 52.] 


266 


1669. 
April 5. 


April 5. 


April 5. 


April 5. 
April 5. 


April 5. 
Whitehall. 


[April 5.] 
Monday. 


April 5. 


Pendennis. 


April 5. 


Yarmouth. 


April 5. 


Portsmouth. 


April 5. 
Weymouth. 


April 5, 
Chatham, 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Grant of licence to John, Earl of Exeter, to hunt in Rockingham 
Forest the ensuing summer. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 96.] 


Warrant to the Lord Chamberlain to swear in the Bishop of 
Oxford as Dean of the Royal Chapel, in place of Dr. Crofts, Bishop 
of Hereford. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 124.] 


Similar warrant to swear in Dr. Crew as Clerk of the Closet, in 
the place of the Bishop of Oxford. Minute. [Jbid.] 


Two passes for 40 dogs for M. de Lionne. [Jbid.] 


Warrant from Lord Arlington to the Master and Wardens of the 
Stationers’ Company, to search for and seize unlicensed books and 
pamphlets, or books imported contrary to law, spoil the presses, 
and bring the offenders before him or a justice of peace. [Ibid.] 


Proclamation forbidding the importation or sale of foreign needles, 
the Needlemakers’ Company having complained that great quanti- 
ties are brought in made of iron-wire, unfit for service, and papered, 
packed up, and sold as though made in London, to their great 
loss, they being obliged by their charter to make them of steel. 
[Printed. Proc. Coll., p. 268.] 


Col. Rich. Talbot to [Williamson.] I request that the warrant 
may be put into Lord [Arlington’s] hands, to get it signed, as the 
Vice-Chamberlain goes away on Wednesday. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 
258, No. 116.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. A few small vessels have come in. 
Capt. Godolphin is still at Pendennis, some of his men having run 
from him; but as soon as ready, he will proceed on his voyage. A 
Jamaica vessel, being disabled, intends disposing of her goods. 
[Ibid. No. 117.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. Four vessels have arrived; 2 laden 
with corn, and 2 from St. Valery with lint. There have 30 or 
40 colliers passed through to the southward, and 20 or 30 light ones 
are at anchor in the Road. [Jbid. No. 118.] ; 

Sir Thos. Allin to Williamson. I sailed from Cadiz with the 
Mary and 4 others; I sent the Bristol to Lisbon to convoy home 
some ships, and left others at places named. We met Capt. Lord in 
the John and Margaret, bound for Bantam, for the East India 
Company ; next day we met another, but he would not speak with 
us; we arrived near St. Helen’s Road last night. We cannot 
weigh for Spithead until it is fairer weather, but I hope to see 
you shortly. [Zbid. No. 119.] 


John Pocock to Hickes. The Sarah from Croisic, in France, has 
arrived, and reports that the French are making daily preparations 
for the relief of Candia, and that great numbers of soldiers are 
raised, and seamen pressed to go aboard their fleet of 40 sail at 
Rochelle. She met the Bristol frigate from Sir Thos. Allin in the 
Straits, which said he had renewed the peace with Algiers and 
Sally. [Zbed. No. 120.] 


Phin. Pett to the Navy Commissioners. Let me know your 
pleasure about purchasing 100 loads of timber, which I had of the 


1669. 


April 5. 
Chatham. 


April 6. 


Portsmouth. 


April 6. 


Portsmouth. 


April 6. 
Chatham 
Ropeyard. 


April 6. 


April 6. 
W hitehall. 


April 6. 


April 6. 
Whitehall. 


April 6. 
Whitehall. 


April 6. 


April 6. 


CHARLES II. 267 


Duke of Richmond ; as it is in great hazard of being carried away 


by the floods, I must soon dispose of it. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 258, 
No. 121.] 


Edw. Gregory and J. Wilson to the Navy Commissioners. We 
enclose Mr. Mason’s bill, certified by Mr. Lawrence. [Ibid. 
No. 122.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to Pepys. I would be where I may 
be most serviceable, but I must be here sometimes this summer, for 
finishing the new ship; it will not be long in hand, if timber is 
not wanting, which I fear this country will not furnish, unless the 
Board supplies me with money. [Jbid. No. 123.] 


Same to the Navy Commissioners. I hear nothing of Paul 
Coles, but 2 others are very importunate about their timber. 
I have bought nothing by written contract; I will send par- 
ticulars of money laid out for tar, broom, &c. Sir Thos. Allin 
has anchored at Spithead, with the Monmouth and 4 others. 
The Bristol wants an anchor, and the Roebuck is ordered in to clean 
and victual. The Dragon has only 24 men entered, but they have 
got in her ballast ; be pleased to hasten down her commander and 
men. [Jbid. No. 124.] 


John Owen to the Navy Commissioners. We have very little 
tar here; we want a supply from London, or an order to 
Mr. Wilson to furnish what is wanted. [Jbid. No. 125.] 


John Ruffhead to [the Navy Commissioners]. I entreat you to 
send to-day 80l., on account of my bill for the repair of the old 
anchors. [Jbid. No. 126.] 


Licence to Philip, Earl of Chesterfield, to travel with his servants 
for recovery of his health, and to return to England when he thinks 


fit, provided he be also ready for recall on summons from King or 
Council. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 96.] 


Warrant to the Treasury Commissioners, to grant to Fras. Smeth- 
wick the first place of King’s waiter or searcher of the port of 
London void after the placing of persons already recommended. 
[Lbid. f. 97.] 

Warrant to the Ordnance Commissioners to allow 60l. a year 
each to Edm. Bray and Walter Long, sent into foreign parts to 


perfect themselves in the art of fortifications, so long as they remain 
abroad. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 26, f. 52.] 


Warrant to the Earl of Sandwich, Master of the Great Wardrobe, 
to provide 12 colours for the King’s regiment of Guards under the 
Duke of Albemarle, according to the pattern sent, the same as those 
of Col. John Russell’s regiment, the colours for the captains to be 
distinguished by such figures as John Miller, major of the regiment, 
shall direct. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 29, p. 32.] 


Pass for 20 horses to France for the Duke of Richmond. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 124.] 

Warrant for swearing Christian Hurrellas apothecary and operator 
in chemistry, in place of Le Fevre, Minute. [Jbid. f. 125.] 


268 


1669. 
April 6. 


[April 6.] 
[April 6.] 
April 6. 


April [6.] 
April 6. 


April 6. 
Whitehall. 


April 6. 
April 6. 


Portsmouth. 


April 6. 


Portsmouth. 


April 7. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Warrant to the Ordnance Commissioners to deliver to the 
captains of Col. Russell’s regiment 700 bandoleers edged with blue 
fringe, for his regiment, on their surrender of an equal number of 
old ones. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 125.] 


Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 258, No. 127.] 


Certificate by Henry, Bishop of Hereford, of the King’s pleasure 
to grant to Dr. Stillingfleet the prebend in Canterbury void by 
death of Dr. [Wm.] Barker. [Zbid. No. 1274.] 


Grant to Edw. Stillingfleet, D.D., of the said prebend. [Docquet, 
Vol. 24, No. 35.] 


Minute of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, f. 102.] 


The King to the Vice-Chancellor and senate of Cambridge. We 
request you to admit Nich. Durel, of Jersey, who has studied at 
Caen and Sedan, and proved his learning by answering publicly in 
philosophy and divinity, to his M.A. degree, on his subscription and 
payment of fees, any statutes to the contrary notwithstanding. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 27, f. 146.] 


Petition of Sam. Gardner, M.A., to the King, for a dispensation to 
hold the rectory of Buckland, co. Gloucester, until he is quietly 
settled in that of Beaconsfield, co. Bucks, when he will resign the 
former. Has been rector of Buckland many years, but it being in- 
sufficient for the support of himself and family, he has been 
presented to the rectory of Beaconsfield, the title of which being 
doubtful, it has to be litigated between 2 patrons. With reference 
thereon to Walter [Blandford], Bishop of Oxford, dean of the King’s 
chapel, and his report in favour of the dispensation to Gardner, 
he giving security to resign Buckland within a year and a half. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 258, Nos. 128, 129.] Annexing, 


Two certificates in behalf of Sam. Gardner, clerk, testifying to 
his orthodoxy in the faith, and his good and pious life. 
Signed by Dr. John Fell, Dean of Christchurch, Wm. 
[Nicholson], Bishop of Gloucester, Thos. Washbourne, S.T.P., 
Thos. Vyner, S.T.P., and George [Morley], Bishop of Win- 
chester. [Latin. Ibid. No. 1291, 11] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 38, p. 17.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Loyal Subject and London 
passed by to the Isle of Wight; Sir Thos. Allin in the Monmouth, 
with the Mary and 3 others, has arrived at St. Helen’s, and is wait- 
ing for orders. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 258, No. 180.] 


[Ben. Johnson] to Williamson. Sir Thos. Allin, arrived on 
Sunday night, and the Bristol has since come into Spithead, having 
convoyed the Catherine and Concord merchant ships from Lisbon. 
The Ruby is gone for the Downs, and the remainder of the squadron 
are daily expected. The Roebuck is coming in to be refitted for the 
Irish coast. Two Holland merchant ships and some others ride at 
St. Helen’s and Cowes, outward bound. [Jbid. No. 131.] 


Information of Dr. Basire to the Bishop of Durham. <A notorious 
conventicle was lately kept by above 300 persons of Gateshead and 


1669. 


April 7. 


Wareham. 


April 7. 
Falmouth. 


April 7. 


April 7. 
Deal. 


April 7. 


Bristol. 


April 7. 


April 7. 


CHARLES II. 269 


Newcastle, who, presuming on the expiration of the Act made 
against them, as soon as the Parliament was prorogued, met 
together at a house in Gateshead, to the great disturbance of the 
country. Rich. Gilpin, one of the 4 heads of the ringleaders, who 
keeps frequent assemblies, by flitting between Neweastle and 
Carlisle, situated in 2 dioceses, avoids the jurisdiction of the bishops 
and justices in both places; but for him and Wm. Durant, Henry 
Leaver, and John Pringle, they might the more easily be suppressed. 
It is desired that some strict order may be sent out against them 
by his Majesty. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 258, No. 132.] 


Martin Moundeford to Rob. Francis. Though not so happy as to 
enjoy your acquaintance, yet the account I hear from my sister, 
Mr. Adamson, and others, confirms my good opinion of you, and 
makes me more sensible of my misfortune in missing such good 
company. I acknowledge Mr. Adamson’s kindness and care of my 
sister, but know that where there is no visible estate, such ties are 
no more than a verbal engagement. I am confident the promise 
you will make, if ever you put the ring upon her finger, will be 
more obligatory, as to her future livelihood, than any writing, and 
I do not in the least mistrust, if it shall please God to increase your 
fortunes, but that you will be ready to satisfy her friends in tbat 
particular. I cannot dislike my sister’s’ choice, which had my dear 
mother’s approbation and blessing, and could promise myself much 
happiness, were it not for that grand obstacle, religion, which I 
hope you have seriously considered of, and will in due time improve 
your judgment upon, to the completing of that happiness which is 
most material in a married life. [/bid. No. 133.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. The Swallow has arrived, bound 
for West Chester, to take in her loading for Leghorn; the Morning 
Star is in port for want of men. [Jbid. No. 184.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 135.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. The Ruby, arrived from the Straits, 
reports Sir Thos. Allin at Portsmouth. The outward-bound fleet 
has sailed, except 3 victuallers, which were bound to Cadiz for Sir 
Thos. Allin. [Jbid. No. 136.] 


James Baskerville to Williamson. The Bethesda has arrived from 
Cadiz in 19 days; the Montague and some others came forth with 
her, but have not yet arrived. [lbid. No. 137.] 


Certificate by Sir Rob. Long that there is due to the executors of 
George Bate, one of his Majesty’s physicians, upon his fee of 1000. 
a year, 125/. for 14 year ending Lady Day 1668, it appearing, by 
the certificate of Dr. Stillingfleet, that Bate died in Hatton Garden 
19 April 1668. [Jbid. No. 138.] 


Warrant for a grant to John Fifield of the office of Receiver of 
First Fruits and Tenths, Sir John Prettyman having forfeited 
the office by abusing his trust, and being in great arrears; and his 
brother William, now executing the office, having given no security 
for payment of his receipts. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 102.] 


270 


1669. 
April 7. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


April 7. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


April 7. 
April. 
Court at 

Whitehall. 


April 7. 


April 7. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


April 7. 
April 7. 


[April 7.] 


April 7. 


April 7. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


April 8. 
April 8. 


April 8. 


April 8. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Warrant for a grant to John, Joseph, and Philip Roettiers, 
brothers, engravers in stone, of the office of chief gravers of the 
Mint, with a salary of 450/., they having, at the King’s instance, 
left their native country to employ their art in his service. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 26, f. 54.] 

Grant of a licence to Peregrine Bertie to go into France for 
7 months, for perfect recovery of his health. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 
258, No. 139.] 

Minute of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, p. 125.] 


Pass for Peregrine Bertie to go to France and return. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 258, No. 140.] 


Pass for 2 horses for the Duke of Ormond. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 30, f. 125.] 

Warrant to allow Philip, Earl of Chesterfield, and his servant, to 
embark from any port for France or elsewhere. [S.P. Dom., 


Car- lI. 258, No. 141] 


Minute of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, p. 125.] 


Licence for Sir Henry Jones to go and remain beyond sea for one 
year, and to return. Minute. [Ibid.] 


Petition of John, Earl of Bath, Charles, Lord Gerard, and Sir Gil- 
bert Talbot, to the King, showing that—on reference of a petition 
of the city of Chester, for commissioners to be appointed to consider 
the best means of removing the obstructions in the river Dee, to them- 
selves [the citizens], and others,—they reported themselves unable to 
effect the said work, and wished able people might be empowered to 
undertake it. The petitioners request a grant of the overflowed 
lands, cos. Denbigh and Flint, in case they shall recover the same ; 
the Dee, by being confined, would be rendered more navigable, and 
the trade of the city recovered. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 258, No. 142.] 


Reference of the above petition to the Treasury Commissioners. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 17.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of 
Major Edmund Ogar, for a grant of a house forfeited by the death 
of Stephen Van Wesendunck, an alien, of which Abraham Van Est, 
an alien, has not taken a further lease. [Jbid. p. 19.] 


Approbation of John Stonehouse to be deputy-lieutenant for 
Berkshire. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 20, p. 197.] 


Warrant for a grant of denization for Henry Peterson Cob, an 
alien. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 97.] 


Warrant for Thomas, Viscount Fauconberg, to preserve the King’s 
game within 5 miles of Newburgh, in the North Riding of York- 
shire. [JZbid.] 


Warrant to pay to the Earl of Sandwich, Master of the Great 
Wardrobe, 4,000/., to furnish a present to be sent to the Emperor 
of Morocco, by Henry, Lord Howard, Ambassador Extraordinary to 
him. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 36.] : 


1669. 
April 8. 


Portsmouth. 


April 8. 
Chatham. 


April 8. 
Woolwich, 


April 8. 


April 8. 


Harwich. 


April 8. 


Portsmouth. 


April 8. 
Deal. 
April 8. 
Newhall. 


CHARLES IL. 2 


St. J. Steventon to Pepys. I want blank pay books for Sir 
Thos. Allin’s fleet, and directions as to splitting their books, if 
there is any occasion; the Princess has the longest time unpaid, 
beginning 1 Jan. 1667. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 258, No. 143.] 


John Moore and Edw. Moorcock to the Navy Commissioners. 
We find there is 5 months’ wages due to us, amounting to 221l., 
which with 20/. ordered for taking up anchors, and other incident 
charges, makes 249l. 14s., of which we desire payment, so as to 
satisfy our men; they would not have been kept employed had we 
not supplied them with one month’s pay, borrowed on our own 
credit. We entreat you to come to some resolution about the 
wrecks, the season of the year requiring it, and the victuals being 
expended. [Jbid. No. 144.] Enclosing, 


Account by John Moore and 2 others, of men entered on 
board the flyboat, to weigh wrecks in the Medway, with the 
wages due, and moneys disbursed for necessaries ; total, 
2491. 13s. 10d. — Chatham, 8 April 1669. [Ibid. No. 1441.] 


Edw. Byland to Pepys. I have received and nearly expended 
the brimstone ordered, and beg for the remaining provisions de- 
manded. I will launch the Foresight and Jersey next tide, and 
dock the Assistance; pray hasten Mr. Wood about the bowsprit ; 
we want some bricklayers. I have borrowed 6 calkers of Mr. Shish, 
and chose 12 out of our shipwrights, or I should have been behind 
with the business. [Jbid. No. 145.] 


Sir Edw. Sprage to Pepys. Let the breadroom of the Revenge 
be placed for better preservation of the bread. I had waited 
on you, but must be at St. James’s. [Zbid. No. 146.] 


Capt. Thos. Langley to Pepys. I have let the Mayor and 4 or 5 
of the chiefs of the town understand what you will do, and as to 
the 1$ year’s rent of the yard, at 7l. a year, I told them not to 
question your help. The town has suffered much by being made a 
garrison, and not only so, but we have had to pay 40l. homage 
money and charges last week, for his Majesty being here; so we are 
now advised to beg something of the King, to help in some measure 
our losses; we ask 2 sunk Flemish fireships, without masts, whose 
works are much broken and defaced. We have made several friends 
at Court to that purpose, as Sir Thos. Littleton, Sir Charles 
Littleton, and we believe the Lord Chamberlain; when the business 
is brought before the Navy Commissioners, we hope you will appear 
for us. [Zbid. No. 147.] i 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Sir Thos. Allin left for London 
yesterday, and gave orders for the men-of-war to come into the 
harbour ; Sir Lawr. Van Hemseratt [Heemskirk] has arrived to 
go in the Nonsuch. [Lbid. No. 148.] 

Morgan Lodge to Williamson. I return the enclosed, as the 
Ambassador and his servant were gone to sea. [Jbid. No. 149.] 

Thos. Gumble to Williamson. Pray acquaint me when any Irish 
bishopric falls void, and keep an eye on both the Secretaries’ offices, 
that I may not be disappointed, as I have a friend for whom I am 


272 ~ DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. 
much concerned ; I shall be very ambitious to make a full acknow- 


ledgment. The Duke of Buckingham parted from Newhall yes- 
terday somewhat better; I hope before the end of the month he 
will obtain better health. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 258, No. 150.] 


April 9. Sir Wm. K[illigrew] to Williamson. One way to secure the prose- 
Good Friday. euting those forfeitures to the utmost is to join you in equal power 
and interest with my son Sir R. K[illigrew], who goes to Ireland to 
prosecute on my account. He has a fourth, and you shall have the 
same, so you will have half between you. This may incite you to 
purchase the whole of us, as soon as the grant is passed. I have 
written the Solicitor-General to stay drawing the warrant, till 
further direction from Lord Arlington. I cannot wait on his lord- 
ship till the Queen’s devotions are over. [Jbid. No. 151.] 


[April 9.] Statement by Sir Wm. Killigrew. His Majesty is pleased to 
grant 5007. each to 2 ladies out of a moiety of the Forfeitures. 


Queries :— 
1. How shall he be assured of the overplus ? 
2. How assured that the prosecutor will not desist, when the 
ladies are provided for ? 


Answers :— 

The prosecutor will proceed for his own interest, whoever has the 
overplus, which cannot be hid, if the payments are entered in 
the Rolls Office. 

If the grantee of the overplus will pay to each lady 200Z. in 
advance, and 200/. when the first moneys come in, they will 
accept this 800/. instead of their 1,000. 

The prosecutor will also accept 4007. down, and 4002. as it comes — 
in, for his share; thus overplus of the King’s moiety may be 
of value. 

It can be collected as a dividend with what is granted to the 
ladies. The money may be too long in coming in to supply 
their present needs, and if there be no overplus, the grant 
will fall short in the favour intended them. [Jbid. No. 152.] 


April 9. John Clarke to Hickes. A vessel has arrived from St. Malo, and 
Plymouth. 2 laden with corn; also the East Indiaman that was plundered by 
the Algiers pirate. I enclose letters. [Jbid. No. 153.] 


April 9. Thos. Adamson to Rob. Francis. I cannot be silent on the loss 

Newmarket. of my dear friend’s society, but when I consider how it may add to 
your happiness, though to mine and my wife’s grief to part with 
her, I am in a measure pacified that you should be happy in my 
loss. I am now in the chamber you lay in at Newmarket, having 
hurt my right arm. I cannot endure the thought of parting at 
present, but Lady Wandesford will give a particular account of all 
things. Mr. Hawley and my wife join in remembrances to you. 
[Zbid. No. 154.] 


April 9. John Armytage, sheriff of Yorkshire, to Lord Arlington. Having 
ae a habeas corpus to remove Darey Lassells from York to Chester, in 
am. order to his trial at the assizes, in passing by my house, he desired 


1669. 


April 9. 


April 9. 


April 9. 


April 9. 


Chatham. 
79380. 


CHARLES II. 278 


to speak with me, and then gave me the paper enclosed. [19.P. 
Dom., Car. TI. 258, No. 155.] Enclosing, 


Information of Darcy Lassells, suspected highwayman. 
George Marshall, an Anabaptist, living near Ripon, is 
employed to carry intelligence between the northern parts 
and London, and was one of the private council in London ; 
he carried 20l. there to buy arms to kill the King and 
the Duke of Albemarle, and to surprise the Tower of 
London ; Thos. Stoe, residing near Retford, was to have 
carried on the design. Timothy Warwick of Leeds fur- 
nished one of the 3 who were executed at Leeds with a mare, 
to go into the insurrection in Farnley Wood; Mark Ball 
and 5 others, named and described, were at that rising, 
and Davill, an innkeeper at the Queen’s Head at Ret- 
ford, Notts, was employed as intelligencer, both for the 
northern and southern parts, as to that rising. 

Christopher Mansell, living in New King Street, St. Giles’s, 
was employed to coin moneys for paying those persons who 
were in the plot for murdering the King and the Duke, 
and surprising the Tower. Ludlow, Dowleman, Whallay, ` 
and Lashlay, a Scot, were to head the parties, both at London 
and Farnley Wood. George Marshall of Ripon can dis- 
cover as much as any man in England relating to the late 
plots, and to that in agitation. Major Greathead told me 
and Capt. Hanson of Halifax, and Capt. Lassells, that in 
case we could get a grant of the 5th part of the estates of 4 per- 
sons not named, he would discover and bring them, as of a 
new design, because the Duke of York had got a grant of the 
estates of all those persons who were in the late plots. [2 pages. 
Ibid. No. 1551.] 


Lord Henry Howard to [Williamson]. l want a pass for 40 cases 
of pistols and 10 guns, from Flanders to England, as they are 


intended for his Majesty’s service, for me to carry as part of his 


presents to Tafiletta. ‘The gunsmiths have lately obtained some ` 
prohibition from his Majesty against bringing over foreign arms, 
but I believe the intention of that is for gunsmiths not to sell and 
make profit of them here. [Jbid. No. 156.] 


Grant to Sir Thos. Sandys and other trustees for the loyal com- 
missioned officers, of licence to set up plate lotteries in any part of 
England and Wales for 6 years. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 37.] 


Humphrey Pibus to the Navy Commissioners. I have shipped 
40 small masts in the Providence of Newcastle for London. Capt. 
Wettwang, who comes in the ship, made the freight with the master 
for 2s. 6d. a mast, which he hopes you will cause to be paid. I 
shall do what I can to ship the other 40, and then send an account 
of what I have disbursed. J entreat your remembrance of my 
debt for the Hlying Hound. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 258, No. 157.] 


Phin. Pett to the Navy Commissioners. We finished the ship- 
wright’s works on the Constant Warwick, but cannot go forward 
s 


274 


1669. 


April 9. 
Deptford. 


April 10. 


Portsmouth. 


April 10. 


Stockwith. 


April 10. 


April 10. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


with the bricklayer’s, for want of lime, scuppers, and brass cocks. 
T send a certificate about Rankins of How, concerned in the infor- 
mation about the boat lent Mr. Kent. I hope it will not be thought 
to be done out of malice, as I do not know him, but I could not 
conceal it without betraying my trust. [S.P. Dom., Car, II. 258, 
No. 158.] 


John Ruffhead to the Navy Commissioners. Thanks for your 
care in relation to 50/. imprest for repairing anchors at Chatham ; 
but I much admire your compliance with Mr. Littleton, in stopping 
more than one-third thereof for Mr. Fookes, contrary to your own 
order, which plainly says he was to be paid one-third of 246/. out 
of such moneys as should be ordered me, and the whole to be paid 
at 3 payments. Here you first order me 501. imprest, to carry on the 
service, and then order one-third to be paid to Fookes, in part of 
debt, so that of the 50/. I have received (with as much trouble as it 
is half worth) I have only 33l. 4s. 6d.. and I leave you to judge 
how far it will go in carrying on 2007. worth of work. ‘There 
is as much work performed as I have received money for, so 
I pray either to be allowed to desist, or to receive the remainder. 
I beg payment of 9 bills, total 3657. 2s. 1d., for work done in 1668, 
and then Mr. Littleton can pay 80l. to Mr. Fookes, and take his 
receipt. I also need a warrant to deliver articles of ironwork, and 
to receive ready money for them, to make my heart glad, as you 
have made it sorrowful. [Jbid. No. 159.] Hncloses, 

Petition of John Ruffhead of Chatham, anchor smith, to the 
Navy Commissioners, to move his Royal Highness for an 
order to take off his hands some anchors and ironwork, made 
jor the service in the late war; also to allow him some 
Swedish iron, old iron and anchors, now in the stores at 
Chatham, value 1,0001., in lieu of his bills signed in 16€6 
and 1667. [Lbid. No. 1591.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to Pepys. I could be more posi- 
tive in setting 4 months as the time for launching the new ship, 
were I sure of a supply of materials to finish her, but timber will 
be wanted, I think it will not be amiss for Capt. Cox to spend 
some time at Chatham, and at the office, so as to acquaint himself - 
with the work and method thereof; I need not remove till he 
settles here. I send an account in lieu of one lost. [Jbid. 
No. 160.] 


Chris. Housley to the Navy Commissioners. I sailed from Wool- 
wich with the hoys on 12 March, and arrived at the Humber 
on 31 March, after a stormy and tedious passage. I expect to be 
loaded in 7 days. [Jbid. No. 161.] 


Pass from Lord Arlington for Capt. John Forshere—servant of 
Henry, Lord Howard, sent Ambassador to Morocco, &e¢.,—to Flanders, 


_ to bring thence 40 cases of pistols and 10 guns, being part of a 


present from the King to the Emperor of Morocco. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 125.] 


Warrant from Lord Arlington to the Keepers of Richmond New 
Park, to receive 12 asses and a colt from St. James’s Park, which 


1669. 


April 10. 
April 10. 


April 10. 


Gravesend. 


` April 10. 
Lyme. 


April 11. 


Portsmouth. 


April 11. 
. Deal. 


April 11. 


Portsmouth. 


April 12. 


April 12. 
Mrs. Frith’s 
House, 
York Street, 
Covent Garden. 


CHARLES II. 275 


being overstocked, the King, for the better feeding of the deer, 
removes them for this season; and to re-deliver them when required 
to Gervase Price, under-keeper of St. James’s Park. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 126.] 


Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 258, No. 162.] 


Caveat in favour of the Bishop of Lincoln, that no warrant pass 
for corroboration of a title to the archdeaconry in Lincoln. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 32, p. 4.] ` 


Sir John Griffith to Williamson. Two ships sailed for Barbadoes, 
and 2 for Virginia, the day before I received your letter. The 
searchers have examined their books, but find none such as you 
mention, so I despair of serving you in that particular. A very rich 
East India ship has passed towards London, and another is expected. 
I hope you will honour me with your company this summer at 
Gravesend, where you will be heartily welcomed. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 258, No. 163.] 

Ant. Thorold to Hickes. The Francis has arrived from Morlaix, 
and 2 French vessels, but bring little news beyond the activeness of 
the French in raising men and fitting ships for (as they pretend) 
the relief of Candia.. [bid. No. 164.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson.. The, wind still prevents Sir 
Thos. Allin’s fleet from coming into the harbour; the small-pox is 
in some of the ships. The Dragon is to be commanded by Capt. 
Herbert, and wi!l be ready for Spithead in a few days; Sir Laur. 
Van Heemskirk is on board the Nonsuch. [Ibid. No. 165.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. Seven ships are turning out of the 


Downs bound for London, and 2 others yet remain there. The 
wind is N.E. with a fresh gale. [Zbid. No. 166.] 
Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I under- 


stand you can get no assurance of more than 1,600/.; when I know 
whether the timber bought by Capt. Deane is to be paid out of it, I 
shall find whether I have not already gone too far in contracting. 
The pursers’ books would have been ready but for want of blank 
tickets; the ships are at Spithead waiting a fair wind. The 
Roebuck is ready to sail, and the Dragon wants only men and 
victuals. I have bought 190 loads of timier at 35s. and 38s. a load, 
and desire you will send down 20 loads of fir timber, for the upper 
works of the new ship. [Jbid. No. 167.] 


Dr. John Fell, Vice-Chancellor of Oxford, to Williamson. Thanks 
for your preventing the Prince of Tuscany’s visit [to Oxford] till 
we grow a better sight; I want directions for his reception. I 
send a specimen of our work in our new trade of printing, and hope 
it will be reputable to the University. We have in hand a seventh 
volume to be added to the Polyglott Bible, and a catalogue of the 
library. [Zbid. No. 168.] 

Peter Pett to Williamson. I had considerable help from Sir Wm. 
Temple’s papers, as to the business of the ship I look after on the 
King’s behalf. I send the commission, which could not be had from 
the Admiralty until last Friday, and recommend its going away this 

s 2 


276 


1669. 


April 12. 


April 12. 
Deal. 


April 12. 


Jersey. 


April 13. 
Plymouth. 


April 13. 


Portsmouth. 


April 15. 


April. 
April 13. 


April 13. 


April 13. 


Portsmouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


night, as Mr. Rumbold, formerly Consul at Cadiz, says that letters 
for that place are only sent by Monday’s post, and are 28 days 
going, and the commission must be executed by 1 June. I should 
not have advised burthening the King with the charge of postage, 
but for the necessity thereof, and in consideration of the great stake 
the King has in this affair. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 258, No. 169.] 

Jo. Cooke to Rob. Francis. I beg a copy of the letter the 
King wrote with his own hand to the Queen of Sweden by 
Mr. Thynne, as See. Trevor wants to see it. [Jbid. No. 170.] 

Mor. Lodge to Williamson. Sir Wm. Godolphin having left, I 
return the packet of letters sent to him. [Jbid. No. 171.] 


R. Manley to Rob. Francis. I could not omit the opportunity of 
sending you a letter, as my friend the bearer, Sir Edw. Carteret, 
promised to deliver it with his own hand. I am confident you will 
thank me for Sir Edward’s acquaintance, he being a person of 
honour and honesty, and having the reputation of being an excellent 
friend. I expect the Governor’s return, to come and kiss your hands. 
[Zbid. No. 172.] 

John Clarke to Hickes. A vessel bas arrived from Vir- 
ginia, and confirms the news of a good crop, and of the place being 
in a thriving condition. The Speedwell and another frigate have 
sailed westward, to convoy the Newfoundland ships into the 
Straits. [Zbid. No. 173.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Sir Thos. Allin’s squadron are 
come into the harbour and are unrigged, expecting the paymaster 
this week. Sir Thomas proceeds again on the same service, and 
has made choice of the Resolution, which has been ordered in to be 
fitted for sea. [Zbid. No. 174.] 


Grant to Dr. [Nath.] Crew, of the Deanery of Chichester, void by 


death of Dr. [Jos.] Gulston. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, 
p. 102.] 


Docquet of the above, dated April 15. [Docquet 24, No. 39.] 


The King to the Vice-Chancelior and Senate of Cambridge. We 
wish you, on recommendation of your Chancellor, the Earl of Man- 
chester, to admit Hezekiah Burton, B.D., to the degree of D.D., 
although his duties as chaplain to Lord Keeper Bridgeman prevent 
his performance of the usual exercises. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 
27, f. 147.] 

Commission for Fras. Trelawny to be captain in Sir Arthur 
Basset’s company in the regiment under John, Earl of Middleton. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 29, p. 32.] 

Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I will 
put the warrant for fitting out the Resolution into execution. I 
want a supply of deals, oil,and tar. Mayle’s timber bought by Capt. 
Deane will be a great loss to him, if left on his hands after being 
squared. I request that the bill given to Mr. Eastwood may be 
paid to Mr. Hewer. The 5 ships have come into port, and if they 


are to be fitted, I must send you another demand. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 
258, No, 175.) 


w 


1669. 
April 13. 


Portsmouth. 


April 14, 


April 14. 


April 14. 


April 14. 


April 14. 


April 14. 


CHARLES Il. Ari 


St. J. Steventon to Pepys. I distributed the pay and muster 
books to the pursers, who are making them up. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 258, No. 176.] ; 

M. Wren to Pepys. The Council sitting in the forenoon, it 
will not be convenient for the Board to attend his Royal Highness 
until the afternoon. If you consult the orders formerly given con- 
cerning the Portland, you will find them sufficient. [Jbid. No. 177.] 


Grant of the union of the churches of Fakenham Parva and 
Euston, co. Suffolk, and grant to Henry, Lord Arlington, patron of 
Euston, of the advowson of Fakenham Parva, provided the same 
person be presented to both livings. [Docquet, Vol, 24, No. 38.] 


Warrant to the Master of the Great Wardrobe to pay to John 
Goodgroome, musician for the lute and voice in place of Hen. 
Purcell, deceased, 807. 12s. 6d. as his livery for 5 years past, and to 
allow him 167. 2s. 6d. yearly. [Zbid.] 


Warrant to pay to Rich. Ryder, master carpenter in place of John 
Davenport, deceased, 103s. 4d.; to John Wilkinson, chief lock- 
smith in place of Michael Bastian, 17/. for 2 years’ livery; and to 
Hen. Phillips, sculptor and carver in place of Maximilian Portram, 
alias Colt, 64l. for 8 years’ livery; also to each of the said persons 
their allowances for liveries at All Saints’ Day next. [Zbid.] 

Dispensation .to Sam. Gardner, M.A., to hold the rectory of 
Buckland, co. Gloucester, with that of Beaconsfield, co. Bucks, 
provided he give security to his diocesan to resign the former 
within 14 years of his being quietly possessed of the latter. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 102. See p. 268 supra.] 


M. de la Fabvollitre to Williamson. I am sorry to hear of the 


The Messenger’sfalse reports made by my enemies. I know you are too just to 


ouse. 


April 14. 


Falmouth. 


April 14, 


April 14. 


Yarmouth, 


be prejudiced by them, and pray God to show the truth and the 
sincerity of my intentions for his Majesty’s service, and my grief at 
my fault. I must employ all my friends, and Lord Arlington, to 
obtain his Majesty’s pardon and my liberty. [French. S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 258, No. 178.] 

Thos. Holden to Hickes. The Hopewell has arrived from 
Bordeaux with wine ; also the Expedition from Malaga, with wine 
and fruit, which came out with 18 more merchantmen, and 3 Dutch 
men-of-war; but the Dutchmen, espying two Turks men-of-war, 
made up to them, and it is thought carried them. They afterwards 
met with 3 of Sir Thos. Allin’s fleet, who took little notice of them. 

I hear by a vessel from St. Malo, that 2 great ships loading there 
for Cadiz on the King’s account, began to unload ayain, for fear of 
a war with Spain ; but they afterwards reloaded to proceed on their 
voyage, They also met with 2 French men-of-war, which would 
have made them strike, but on refusing, they parted. The French 
King is pressing seamen for his service. [Zbid. No. 179.] 

Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [14 pages. Ibid, 
No. 180.] 


[Rich. Bower to Williamson.] I told youin my letter of 14 Dee. 
last, that several persons had been taken into the Common Council 


278 


1669. 


April 14. 


April 14. 


W hitehall. 


April 14, 
St. Albans. 


April 15. 


Newmarket. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


here, who had not renouneed the covenant, the bailiffs saying it 
should be done at one of their houses. That it was not done at all 
appears by Capt. Thos. Ravens, Mr. Bridges’ son-in-law, and one of our 
present chamberlains, who, until Bridges was required to leave the 
town, made his house a meeting-place for Nonconformists. He has 
now wholly deserted the Church, and goes to the Independents. 

An assembly of Aldermen and Common Council being called for 
electing an alderman, Capt. Ravens was chosen, and before the 
assembly, openly declared himself offended at the report spread 
abroad that he had renounced the covenant, which he never did, nor 
in conscience could. Upon this the assembly would not admit him as 
alderman, but gave him time until the next assembly to consider of 
it; as he has become a convert to the Independents, there is no 
doubt but they will dissuade him from it. Their new meeting-place 
has become too little to receive them, and a member informed me 
that if this toleration continues, they shall erect a fair church in our 
south end. Sixty vessels have sailed to the northward. The 
Forester is in the Downs, bound for Iceland to convoy the Iceland 
Fishery ; also a vessel for the Straits. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 258, 
No. 181.] 


Warrant to Sam. Botley, messenger, to apprehend Ant. Cape at 
Mr. Sturdy’s house, opposite Somerset House, and bring him before 
Sec. Trevor. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 28, f. 22.) 


Certificate by Lord Arlington that on 25 Feb. last, Sir Wm. 
Godolphin took leave of His Majesty, previous to his embassy as 
Envoy Extraordinary to the King and Queen Regent of Spain. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 127.] 


Sarah Sympson to Williamson. Pray speak to Lord Arlington to 
retain me in the place I hold, and I will faithfully and diligently 
attend, if you will trust me. I hear that Sir John Bennet has the 
business lett to him, and if it is so, I beg you will speak to him also 
on my behalf. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 258, No. 182.] 


Michael Haley to Rob. Francis. Thanks for your letter. I hope 
the noble lady of whom you speak is safely there, and desire 
respects to her. God has provided her a coach at her door, and I 
question not but it was so ordained in Heaven, to the end that my 
service may not be accepted, though it would be freely done. 

As to my affsirs in Ireland, I was left 200/. a year in lands in 
co. Limerick, by my father and friends who died before the wars, 
and my mother was turned out of all by Cromwell, merely for her 
religion, I being in France, as my friend, Lord Philip Howard, 
the Lord Almoner to the Queen, well knows. I complained to him, 
but he could say nothing, only pity me. I have all my deeds and 
writings, but no possession. I never acted against the King nor 
against Cromwell, only Iam a Roman Catholic, which privilege I 
would not lose for 7 kingdoms. I beg you will inquire into the 
state of those affairs, in regard a new deputy goes soon to that 
kingdom, and certify to me what might be done. [JZbid. No. 183.] 


1669. 
‘April 15. 
Milford. 
April 15. 


April 15. 


* Portsmouth. 


April 15. 


Portsmouth. 


April 15. 
The Tiger. 


April 15 


Alcester, 


April 15. 


April 15. 
: Whitehall. 


April 15. 
The Ruby, 
Woolwich. 


j April 15. 


April 15. 


Portsmouth. 


CHARLES II. 279 


John Powell to Hickes. The yacht Monmouth has left with 
Lord Burlington for Youghall.  [S.P. Dom., Car. 1I. 258, No. 184.] 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 185.] 


[Ben. Johnson] to Williamson. Sir Thos. Allin’s ships did not 
come into harbour till Sunday, although the Gazette says Thursday ; 
most of them are unrigging to be laid up, and the Resolution is 
ordered to be fitted out. The Roebuck has sailed for St. David’s 
Head, to carry the Duchess of Ormond to Ireland; the Nonsuch 
and other ships named are riding at Spithead, or in the road. 


[Zbid. No. 186.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. There are only the Monmouth 
and Yarmouth to be laid up, the rest of Sir Thos. Allin’s squadron 
being ordered to be fitted for sea again. Sir Rob. Holmes has 
arrived, on his way to his government in the Isle of Wight. The 
Nonsuch is at Spithead, and Capt. John Holmes is to succeed Sir 
Law. Van Hemseratt in that command. The Arms of London, 
with corn from Holland, has put in, having sprung a leak. [Ibid. 
No. 187.] 

Jacob Bonoricis to Lord Arlington. I have arrived at Plymouth 
from Leghorn, and I want to know how I shall come to you in 
London, being a stranger. Capt. Digby of the Montague is coming 
to London ; I request an order to come with him. [Jbid. No. 188.] 

Math. Crabb to Viscount Conway, Queen Street, London. I 
have furnished Wm. Temple with 30l, and charged a bill for it on 
your lordship. Lady Lee still holds up her head, which puts many 
in a wonderment, as well as your lordship, but my wife says she 
has reason to believe her ladyship may well delay until you come 
down. Rich. Kemson, my wife, and I, intend waiting on her to- 
day, and shall be glad to hear that she has her babe in her arns. 
[Ibid. No. 189.] 


Warrant from Sec. Trevor to Sam. Botley and Thos. Dixon, 
messengers of the Chamber, to convey Ant. Cape from Westminster 
to Dover, and deliver him into the custody of the Mayor, bringing 
back a certificate of his delivery. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 28, f. 22.] 

Warrant from Sec. Trevor to John Matson, Mayor of Dover, to 
take Ant. Cape into custody, and cause him to be put on board the 
very first packet-boat for Nieuport, in Flanders ; with strict charge to 
the master of the boat to set him on shore, and to bring a satisfactory 
certificate of his having so done. [Jbid.] 

Capt. Rob. Robinson to the Navy Commissioners. We arrived 
here last night, and are despatching out the guns and other things, 
for more-secure riding. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 258, No. 190.] 

Capt. Valentine Tatnell to Pepys. I want an appointment 
to command one of the vessels to be sent to sound the Galloper 
Sands, being acquainted with them. [Jbid. No. 191.] 

Capt. John Holmes to the Navy Commissioners. I have received 
a commission and orders to sail with the Nonsuch for the Straits, 


and desire a supply of stores of all sorts; also some provisions, 
having but 2 months’ aboard. [bid. No. 192.] 


280 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. > 
April 15. Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I desire 


Portsmouth. an order for supplying the Nonsuch, Capt. Holmes, the commander, 
demanding stores for a southern voyage ; the ship has only 2 months’ 
victuals on board, and is very ill-manned. I shall employ the 
1,0007., ordered for my disposal, to the best advantage. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. IT, 258, No. 193.] 


April 15. Capt. James Sharland to the Navy Commissioners. I desired 
Mary yacht, Wm. Sarsfield, purser of the Harp, 14 years ago, to carry a ticket 
Dublin. to London for Rich. Butler, a servant of mine, for 18/. 16s.; I never 
signed any other, nor Mr. Sarsfield either. I cannot imagine how 
anyone could cme by the books to counterfeit it. Sarsfield has 
the true ticket; it would be a great loss to lose such a perquisite ; 
I hope you will consider it, that I may not suffer altogether. 

[Ibid. No. 194. ] 


April 15. Certificate by Wm. Burroughs that Capt. Ben. Simonds, of the 
Swallow ketch, has passed his victualling account, between 4 June 
and 21 July. [Jbid. No. 195.] 


April 15. Jobn Huntington, master of the Adam and Eve ketch, to the 
Deptford. Navy Commissioners. I want orders as to repairs and a supply of 
victuals. I shall unload the timber to-day. [Zbid. No. 196.] 


April 15. Statement signed by Ralph Smith, warden, Roger Norton, and 
Sam. Mearne, on behalf the Stationers’ Company. King James, in 
the first year of his reign, by patent granted the company licence to 
imprint all manner of primers, psalters, and Psalms, in metre or 
prose, and prohibited all others to print, sell, or cause to be printed 
or sold any such books, under the pain of forfeiture. Sam. Speed, 
stationer in London, has surreptitiously obtained a licence from 
Sam. Parker, chaplain to the Archbishop of Canterbury, for a book 
entitled “The King’s Primer,” which is now printing, which licence 
Mr. Parker has since revoked. Sam. Speed also obtained another 
licence in like manner for a book entitled “ Psalterium Carolinum ; 
or, the King’s Psalter,” &c., from Thos. Grigg, chaplain to the Bishop 
of London, which said licence Mr. Grigg has also revoked. [Jbid. 
No. 197.] 


April 16. Warrant to search for and seize “The King’s Primer,” and the 
“ Psalterium Carolinuwm, or, the King’s Psalter,” printed by Sam. 
Speed, stationer, of London, under licences which have been revoked, 
and also printed contrary to the patent granted by King James to 
the Stationers’ Company. [Draft. Ibid. No. 198.] 


April 16, Papers relating to goods said to be embezzled, viz, :— 


Coati to [John] Wilson, dock storekeeper. I stood in my 
yard, and saw the Sovereign’s boat bring a cable, and put it 
aboard John Morecock’s ketch —81 March. [Jbid. No. 199.] 
— to Mr. Wilson and Mr. Grigg. Mistress Waters stood 
upon her wharf, and saw Steven Rose and 4 others bring a 
cable, and some twice-laid stuff, aboard the ketch, made of the 
King’s stuff by Roger, a ropemaker, and John Morecock had 
the stuff in his yard; Thos. Godden saw this, If you do not 


T 


CHARLES II. 281 


1669. 
call them to the oath, you will hear further of it.—8 April 
1669. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT, 258, No. 200.] 

Affidavit by Dorothy Waters and Thos. Godden, that the infor- 
mation given by one unknown, that the deponents saw a cable 
put on board John Morecock’s ketch, is false—Chatham, 
15 April 1669. [Zbid. No. 201.] 


Certificate by Wm. Rand and 2 others, that on 9 April they 
strictly surveyed the cables, &c., of the Royal Sovereign, and 
found that she had on board all that she was charged with.— 
16 April 1669. [Zbid. No. 202.] 


April 16. | Humphrey Pibus to the Navy Commissioners. I boarded the 

Newcastle. John of Chatham, John Morecocke master, on coming in here, but 
found no such cable as intimated, nor anything else but her proper 
tackle; if he had any such cable or rigging, he must have put it 
aboard some ship at sea, or left it in the harbour that he came from. 
I also searched 4 ships that came in with Morecock, but found 
nought. [Zbid. No. 203.] 


April 16. Phineas Pett to the Navy Commissioners. I am willing that his 

Chatham. Majesty should have the timber bought by me of the Duke of Rich- 
mond upon reasonable rates, but desire to be excused giving any 
report of it, being a proprietor, and his Majesty’s servant. Upon a 
view and report being made, I will set a price. [/bid. No. 204.] 


April 16. Account by John Moore and Edw. Moorcock, of what is necessary 
Chatham. for carrying on the weighing of the wrecks in the Medway, if any- 
thing more is intended this summer. [Jbid. No. 205.] 


April16. Warrant to Gilbert, Archbishop of Canterbury, to grant a dispen- 
Court at sation to Dr. Charles Mason, King’s chaplain, to hold the rectory of 
Whitehall. Stower-Provost, co. Dorset, with St. Mary Woolchurch, London, the 
latter church being totally consumed by the late fire in London, and 
also the rectory of St. Peter’s Poor, London, to which he is now 

collated. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 27, f. 10.] 


April 16. Licence to Aden Bagot, cornet of Sir Henry Jones’s company, to 
travel beyond seas for one year. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 29, p. 33.] 


April 16. William [Fuller], Bishop of [Lincoln, late Bishop of] Limerick, 
Chelsea. to Williamson, Goring House. I never heard of Lord Arlington’s 
illness until Sunday, when I sent to inquire, and heard the happy 
news that he had lost the fever; is he out of danger? When you 
have an opportunity, let him know that I have prayed with all my 

heart for his recovery. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 258, No. 206.] 


April 16. Concluding part of a letter by Charles Whittaker, with an en- 

Windsor. dorsement, asking a lady to send the nature of a petition, and 
substance of a report, and the date; also note of reply that the 
report was made in June, July, or Aug: 1661, and delivered about 
November or December, and was for suffering or money lent. 
Whittaker thinks it was registered about Nov. or Dec. 1661. [See 
Calendar 1661-2, p. 485. Ibid. No. 207.] 


April 16. Rich. Watts to Williamson. The wind is between north and east, 
Deal, and only the Orange is in the Downs. [Jbid. No. 208.] 


282, 


1669. 


April 16. 
Plymouth. 


April 17. 


Coventry. 


April 17. 
Hull, 


April 17. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


John Clarke to Hickes. The Montague and Tiger, two of Sir 
Thos. Allin’s squadron, have arrived from the Straits; 6 or 8 mer- 
chant ships came under their convoy from Cadiz, but they lost them 
in a storm. A vessel has come in from Ireland with hides and 
tallow, and several others have been seen in the offing, [S.P. 
Dom., Car. II, 258, No. 209.] 


Ralph Hope to Williamson. John Olds, a young mercer here, 
and newly set up for himself, being some time in league with Mary, 
daughter of Capt. Owen, a citizen of good repute, the business pro- 
ceeded so far that they had been thrice asked in church, and 
nothing remained but to celebrate the nuptials; but she desired, 
before she would be married, once again to see London, where she 
had once lived. 

Whether she then renewed some old acquaintance, or entertained 
some new favourite, is not known; ‘but on her return, she expressed 
so much indifference and coldness, that in the morning after their 
meeting, Olds was found drowned in a well, into which he must 
have got with great. difficulty, it being covered at the top, and the 
entrance so narrow that it was thought impossible for a less man to 
have got in. He had lately been at London, where he bought 
goods, mostly on credit, to the value of 1,4007. or 1,5002., which are 
all seized upon by the sheriffs. It is pretended he was non compos 
mentis, but the jury have not yet given their verdict. His brother, 
also a mercer in town, has fallen distracted, and his wench so 
repents it, that it is feared it may endanger her life or wits. It is 
a matter of great grief to our new congregation, of which they were 
both zealous members; but it illustrates that profession is but a 
weak protection against the devil and women, from whose tempta- 
tions I hope Heaven will preserve me and you. [14 pages. SP. 
Dom., Car. II. 259, No. 1.] 


Charles Whittington to Williamson. Some vessels are expected 
from the East with corn, contrary to his Majesty’s proclamation ; 
being searcher of the port of Hull, things of that nature require my 
observation. This proclamation has not, as others have done, em- 
powered searchers to seize or secure the goods, and therefore I desire 
to be informed what has been ordered by his Majesty and Council to 
be done by the Customs’ officers, if any corn be imported, and I will 
proceed accordingly. [Lbid. No. 2.] 


The King to the Attorney-General. Many ancient houses of the 
Crown having been demolished, we have taken a liking to Audle 
End, Essex, and purchased it from James, Earl of Suffolk, for 50,0002. ; 
the payment is to be made from the revenues of Ireland, 
20,000/. at once, and 30,000/. within 4 years. A bill is to be made 
out accordingly for payment of the said sum, with order to Sir 
George Carteret, Vice-Chamberlain of the Household and Treasurer 
of War for Ireland, to pay the same out of branches specified of 
the revenue ; also care to be taken that the said mansion—with its 
boundaries duly described on a constat by the Surveyor-General, 
approved by the Treasury Commissioners—be well and sufficiently 


1669. 


April 17. 


April 17. 
Dublin. 


April 17. 


CHARLES II. 283 


conveyed to the Crown. With memorandum that a former war- 


rant to the same purpose was cancelled and renewed as this. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 26, f. 55.) 


Report by Lord Holles, on an order of Council requiring him to 
state what is fit to be done for the relief of Sir Francis Topp and 
Company. I find they complain of great losses sustained in 1664, 
whilst living at St. Malo, by the French seizing thcir goods in time 
of peace, in the very harbours of France, where they had been 
brought in the way of trade, and where—-by several treaties, and the 
law of nations,—they ought to have been free from arrest, the owners 
not having done anything to forfeit their interest. If such a course 
is suffered, it will be the destruction of all commerce between the 
two kingdoms, and it is very dishonourable to his Majesty, that the 
public faith should be broken to his subjects, who trade under his 
protection, by virtue of treaties between the two Crowns. 

Sir F. Topp’s is not a single case, the like having been done 
several times to the English merchants at Rouen, who are not yet 
free of trouble about a capture at sea, made in 1616, by an 
English privateer, of a French ship belonging to one Delaunay, 
valued but at 6,000 livres. While I was Ambassador in France, 
2 English ships coming into harbour at Marseilles, when they had 
landed their goods and paid all duties, were seized upon, and not- 
withstanding all my solicitations, were not discharged, but given 
some months after to the East India Company there, they pre- 
tending some of their ships to have been formerly taken by the 
English. 

I hear the same usage is threatened, if not begun, against the 
English at St. Jean de Luz, for reparation of the widow De Lazin, 
for some goods of her late husband’s, taken from him here by Par- 
liament in 1643; so all this makes me fearful it will become a 
constant custom, if not prevented. I think all care should be taken 
for prevention of it; and for this case of Sir Francis Topp and 
Company, in the first place, a fair application should be made to the 
French King, as well by his Ambassador here, as by his Majesty’s 
Ambassador at Paris, for the just satisfaction of the petitioners, 
which it may be hoped will prove effectual; should it not, it will 
then be time for his Majesty to consider what is further to be done, 
for the vindication of his own honour and the protection of his 
subjects. [Printed. SP. Dom., Car. TI. 259, No. 3.] 


Wm. Penn to the Navy Commissioners. I discharged the men of 
the Harp, and secured the ship as instructed. I have made up the 
books, and delivered a list to Alderman Hutchinson of the 27 men 
to be paid, 3 being discharged before; the pay of all the men 
amounted to 1,574/. 48.; of this 571/. 16s. ld. is in my hands, 
which Hutchinson will pay them when -their accounts are passed. 
We paid to the 27 men 162. 17s. 6d. conduct money, allowing 
150 miles from Kinsale to Dublin, and I have received 207. imprest 
from the alderman. [Jbid. No. 4.] 


John Barnard, purser of the Henrietta, to the Navy Commissioners. 
I was dismissed on Sir Frescheville Hollis’ taking the command, 


284 


1669. 


April 17. 
Woolwich. 


April 18. 
Hull. 


April 18. 


Portsmouth. 


April 18. 
Whitehall. 


April 18. 


Portsmouth. 


April 18. 
Newport 
[Isle of Wight]. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


and have been sick ashore until within 6 weeks. Mr. Deuxell suc- 
ceeded me without any survey, which has been much to my 
detriment, particularly in clothes, having delivered 1057. worth to 
the company, the bills for which have been given to Mr. Deuxell, 
who has received part of the money. Particulars of grievances. If 
this great cheat is not prevented, I shall be undone, not being able 
to pay the slopseller. I left 207. worth of clothes on board, and can 
have no account of them, and my box was broken open and 8l. 
taken out of it. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 259, No. 5.] 


Edw. Byland to Pepys. I desire that some sawyers whom I 
caused to be made run [i.e., reported as runaways] may be admitted 
into the yard again, and not lose their wages. I have sent some 
more men aboard the Jersey, and am making all haste so as to appease 
Col. Middleton’s anger. Let the lead scuppers, and other things 
formerly demanded, be sent down from Deptford. [/bid. No. 6.] 


Joseph Blaydes to the Navy Commissioners. Do not forget me 
because at a great distance and out of sight. The want of the 
money due to my late father hinders my trade, and undoes poor 
men who have wrought hard for it, and who all think and say that 
I have got it, which puts me to endless trouble. [bid. No. 7.] 


Capt. Johu Tinker to Pepys. I thought Capt. Ansley was to 
have stayed at Deptford till I came from hence, his presence not 
being necessary while I was on the place. I will make all the 
haste possible to be at my duty, and beg my house rent may be 
allowed. [Jbid. No. 8.] 


M. Wren to Pepys. I send orders, the contents of which I have 
communicated to Mr. Tippetts, and desired him to do what was fit- 
ting therein. I need not remind you of coming here this afternoon. 


[Ibid. No. 9.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I am 
sorry that you have grounds to fear making good your contract, 
and that the credit of the Board may be yet exposed, and the stores 
remain unfurnished with timber. The 302 trees are sold to Cozens 
of Portsmouth ; I could have closed the bargain with him for them 
at 40s. a load; I think he would accept it, as he has promised that 
none shall be butted till 14 days are over. 

The 3 victuallers have arrived, and are much troubled at their 
stoppage. I want 20 able calkers; Lawrence Williams, a calker, 
may procure and come down with them; those sent from Deptford 
are very inefficient. The country affords no fir timber, and deals 
will soon be wanting. The Dragon has but 64 men entered, 
whereof 9 are from London, and refuse to go on board without 
conduct money to fetch their clothes. The pursers promise to send 
up their books. [14 pages. Ibid. No. 10.] 


Sir Rob. Holmes to Williamson. I have heard nothing from you 
or your men since being here, though I expected to the contrary. 
Let me be supplied with the weekly news, and send me my instruc- 
tions; if you neglect me at this rate, I am resolved not to trouble 
myself with doing your business any more. I hold an Admiralty 


1669. 


April 19. 


April 19. 


Wareham. 


April 19. 


Oxford. 


April 19. 


Pendennis. 


April 19. 


CHARLES II. 285 


Court here to-day with great formality, to the general satisfaction 
of the whole country. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 259, No. 11.] 


Pass for Sir Nicholas Armorer’s horses to go to Ireland. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 128.] 


Thos. Adamson to Rob. Francis. I have not received one line 
either from you or Mrs. Moundeford, as to whether she came safe 
to London ; you cannot imagine what fear we are in for her safety, 
her mother being so lately dead, and herself hurried away in an 
hour’s notice, since which we have not received one word of her 
being alive. If we must not be happy, either in her company or in 
discoursing by letter, we shall wish we had not so dearly loved her. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 259, No. 12.] 


Rich. Sherlock to Rob. Francis. I thank you and Squire William- 
son for the trouble I gave you last August respecting my son. I 
have been abroad 5 or 6 weeks, and on my return, found him worse ; 
as the doctor says he will not be better until he has had the 
King’s touch again, I want to know when I shall bring him for that 
purpose. [Ibid. No. 13.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. Some English vessels have come in 
from Bordeaux, laden with wine for London. They came out with 
a considerable number, but dispersed with storms. An English 
vessel from Malaga, laden with fruit, reports that the Turkish men- 
of-war so much infest them, that they came out some 18 in company, 
yet were followed by 2 of 50 guns apiece ; and that 2 Dutch men-of- 
war bore up, gave the Turks chase, and as is supposed, took them. 
Other vessels have come in from places named. [Zbid. No. 14.] 


[Sir] J. B[ennet] to Lord Arlington. I have scribbled over a 
rough draft and beg you will let Williamson mend and prepare it 
for the Council, at the hearing. [Jbid. No. 15.] Afixing, 


Petition of Henry, Lord Arlington, and John, Lord Berkeley, 
Farmers of the Profits of the General Letter Office, &c., to 
the Duke of York. We have taken to farm the profits of the 
Letter Office, at a considerable increase of rent, under confi- 
dence of enjoying the same, with all the emoluments and 
benefits, in as ample a manner as any former Postmaster- 
General, by virtue of the Act of Parliament, and according 
to his Majesty s proclamation. The collection of letters and 
packets,and the horsing of men for hire, by persons not author- 
ised from the Postmaster-General, are strictly prohibited ; yet 
nevertheless several carriers, stage coaches, and others named, 
take upon themselves to collect letters, to an incredible 
number, and in some stages, double to what the post brings, 
by which means the just profits and dues are very much 
impaired, By these encroachments the rights of the office 
are invaded, and the farm, which vs a considerable part 
of your Royal Highness’ revenwe, will be much lessened in 
value. In 1646, the like proceedings almost proved fatal to 
the letter office, so we beg timely remedies. [14 pages, 
corrected by Williamson. Ibid. No. 151] 


286 


1669. 


April 19. 


Chatham. 


April 20. 


Chatham. 


April 20. 


Dublin. 


April 20. 


April 20. 


Whitehall. 


April 20. 


Portsmouth. 


April 20. 


Treasury 
Chambers. 


April 20. 


>» DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Phineas Pett to the Navy Commissioners. Are the Dreadnought 
and Golden Hand to be sheathed ; if so, timber will be wanted for 
them; if they are to be fitted with despatch for the Mediterranean, 
J shall require an order for entering more joiners. If the Revenge 
were thought a fit ship for the voyage, she would want nothing but 
cleaning. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 259, No. 16.] 


John Ruffhead to Col. Thos. Middleton. I have sent a petition to 
the Board, requesting them to move his Royal Highness that my 
anchors may be taken off my hands, and that I may have the money 
for them, and have also the old anchors and iron in the stores, in 
lieu of part of my bills for 1666 and 1667, so as to enable me to 
satisfy my creditors. Pray stand my friend, and get the business 
done. [Jbid. No. 17.] 


Wm. Penn to the Navy Commissioners. I send the muster and 
pay books for the Harp. I discharged the men on 3 April, under- 
standing money was then ready at Dublin, and put a man in the 
ship, who stands charged by indent to remain in her; I gave 
Alderman Hutchinson a list of those to be paid, and he will do this 
when the accounts are passed. Repetition of the information con- 
tained in his letter of the 17th. [Zbid. No. 18.] 


Certificate by Wm. Sheldon, that the ordinary of the Golden 
Phenix have appeared at the monthly musters ever since the ship 
was sunk, but given little attendance at other times. [Jbid. 
No. 19.] 


M. Wren to Pepys. His Royal Highness desires the Navy 
Commissioners to attend him to-morrow, and come prepared to 
speak with the Lords of the Treasury concerning a supply of 
money for carrying on the extraordinary charge of the Navy, over 
and above what the 200,0007. appointed for this year’s ordinary 
will answer. ([Jbid. No. 20.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I have 
supplied the Nonsuch for her Straits’ voyage, and for her tallowing 
when she arrives at Cadiz; the captain is trying to fill up his 
number of men. We are in hand with the fitting of the Mary 
and two others ; I have sent to Mr. Coles to hasten a supply of plank. 
I send 2 contracts for timber, and a demand for tar. I am advised 
of 1,000 Bergen deals, and some rosin and train-oil at Southampton, 
which can be had at prices named. [Jbid. No. 21.] 


Sir George Downing to the Navy Commissioners. His Royal 
Highness having given directions for felling as many trees in the 
New Forest as will suffice for a second-rate ship, to be built at 
Portsmouth, the Lords of the Treasury desire to know how many 
tons will be necessary before giving directions. [Zbid. No. 22.] 


Roger Baker, purser of the Dartmouth, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. I send an account of what I am out of purse and dam- 
aged by Captain Trevanion, but it is not a third of the sum 
he is debtor to me for since he has been in the ship. I question 


1669. 


April 20. 


Woolwich. 


April 20. 


Portsmouth. 


April 20. 


. Portsmouth. 


April 20. 


Treasury 
- Chambers, 
Whitehall. 


April 20. 


April 20. 


London. 


April 20. 
Whitehall. 


April 20. 


Whitehall, 


CHARLES II. 287 


not but his Royal Highness has referred his barbarous beating and 
tyrannical usage of me to your Board, where I am confident I shall 
find justice. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 259, No. 23.] 


Edw. Byland to Col. Thos. Middleton. Mr. Stafford is an able 
man, and has very good provisions for building boats for the 
frigates now going out from this place. I am sorry for your 
indisposition. [Zbid. No. 24.] 


B. J. [Ben. Johnson] to Williamson. The Vonsuch is taking in 
more victuals at Spithead for her voyage. Two Dutch men-of-war 
have sailed, with 3 great merchant ships which came under their 
convoy from the Straits, and an English ship with tobacco, for 
Holland. The Mary, Princess, Bristol, and Resolution are fitting 
for the Straits, and 3 great vessels have come into harbour, with a 
supply of victuals for the fleet. Sir Rob. Holmes, Governor and 
Vice-Admiral of Newport, has arrived, and held a court of general 
inquiry, for settlement of the Lord Admiral’s jurisdiction, and regu- 
lation of maritime affairs, so long neglected: on the coast, which 
will be revived in other parts adjacent to the sea. [Ibid. No. 25.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Nightingale, Montague, 
and Tiger are in Portland Road, where they met with 3 French 
men-of-war, one of which called to the Montayue to bear up to his 
admiral, but he refused; whereupon the French made as though 
they purposed abuse, but went away without doing anything. 
[Lbid. No. 26.] — 


Sir George Downing to Mr. Wardour. The Treasury Commis- 
sioners desire you will hasten the account to them of what is in 
arrear on the Additional Aid, from each county and place. [Zbid. 
No. 27.] 


J. Cory to Williamson. Sir Bernard Gascoigne telling me that he 
acquainted you with the contents of a paper enclosed, and begged 
you to further the effect thereof, [ have presumed to leave the 
management of it to you. It is not a year since the person it 
concerns left the service of Major Bill, the King’s printer, in which, 
for 4 years before, he demeaned himself honestly ; as his age is not 25, 
he cannot be a notorious malefactor. If his Majesty can be prevailed 
with to transport him, I have directions to present you with 50 
pieces of gold, and the acknowledgments of Sir Bernard and myself. 
[Lbid. No. 28.] 


Minute by the Navy Commissioners, that 6767. 13s. 4d. is due to 
James Johnson, merchant of Yarmouth, for stores named, delivered 
by him at Chatham and Harwich, in Dec. 1666, and April 1669. 
[Zbid. No. 29.] 

Note by Williamson that Sir Gabriel Silvius, his Majesty’s 
Envoy to the Elector of Brandenburg, left London for Holland on 
his way to Berlin 3 Feb., and took leave of his Majesty 1 or 
2 Feb. [Ibid. No. 30.] 


Petition of Rich. Pyle, first serjeant-surgeon, to the King, for an 
order for payment of his annuity with arrears; had 106/. 13s. 4d. 


288 


1669. 


April 20. 


April 20. 


April 21. 


April 21. 


April 21. 
April 21. 


April 21. 


[April 21] 


April 21. 


April 21. 


Yarmouth. 


April 21. 


Falmouth. 


April 21. 


April 22. 


Chatham. 


April 22. 
Woolwich. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


allowance granted on the Restoration, with 1507, pension for 10 
years’ service to his Majesty as Prince of Wales, but has received 
nothing hitherto, and hears that the pension with arrears is lately 
suspended. With reference thereon to the Treasury Commissioners. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 259, No. 31.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, 
. 19.] 


Licence to John Ogilby to print an exact description of Africa, 
by command of Lord Arlington. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 30, f. 127.] 


Licence for the Three Warriors of Hamburg, laden with 
materials for re-building London, to unlade, although, being 
frozen in the port of Brewig, Norway, she did not reach Ousley 
Bay till 25 March last, being the last day limited by order of 
Council for the importing of the said materials. [Zbid. f. 128.] 


- Austin and 4 horses to France. Minute. [J bid.] 
Pass for 3 horses to the Constable of Castile. Minute. [Jbid.] 


Minute of the 2 preceding entries. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 259, 
No. 32.] 


Warrant for a lease to George, Viscount Grandison, and Edw. 
Villiers, of Oatlands House and park, Surrey, for 31 years, after the 
decease of the Queen Mother. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 128.] 


Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 259, No. 33.] 


Warrant for a grant to Edm. Pears of 84/. 18s. 9d., remaining in 
the hands of the sheriff of Middlesex, the proceeds of the sale of 
the goods of Fras. Crane, prosecuted to an outlawry by the said 
Pears for a debt of 1201. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 26, f. 58.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. Departure of 20 ships for Sunder- 
land and Neweastle, and arrival of one from Gallipoli, with oils; a 
few others are also here. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 259, No. 34.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. The Fortune, from Amsterdam, reports 
that the States are fitting out 12 ships for the Straits; they will 
sail by the first fair wind. The Virgin, from Rochelle, says that 
the French West India fleet has gone to sea, and that another is 
preparing. [Zbid. No. 35.] 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 36.] 


Pass for 


Phin. Pett to the Navy Commissioners. Is the St. David to be 
sheathed, being ordered for the Mediterranean? If so, you must 
send down board for it, we having none in store. I also want 
orders as to sheathing the Dreadnought and Golden Hand, and 
entering joiners and shipwrights to despatch the works, and also 
a supply of plank. [Jbid. No. 37.] 


W. Hannam to the Navy Commissioners. I need lighters to 
take out the casks of the Ruby, also an order to build a lighter, as 


1669. 


April 22. 


Portsmouth. 


April 22. 


April 22. 


April 22. 
Milford. 


April 22. 


Portsmouth. 


April 22. 
Deal. 


April 22. 


Portsmouth. 


April 22. 


79380. 


CHARLES Il. 289 


those here are gone to decay, so that ships drawing 14 feet may 
stop at Halfway Tree till their guns are got out; they take much 
hurt by coming up and grounding here, we having but 12 feet of 
water at spring tides. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 259, No, 38.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I per- 
ceive there is not so much haste required in fitting the Princess as 
the Mary, Primrose, and Bristol ; let the fir timber to be sent be 
of good scantlings. I suppose the pursers have got their books ready 
to send up. I have bought 4 lasts of tar, and can have good rosin 
at 9l. 103. Od. a ton. I have been fain to pay for things named out 
of money allotted for other uses, having none in store; I send a 
demand of those required. The workmen complain of their great 
want of money; I hope that the quarter promised is remembered, 
and that the monthly pay will be continued. The officers of the 
yard desire to be paid for the same time, which they say is done in 
other yards. [bid No. 39.] 


Certificate by John Miller, churchwarden, that Rebecca Hill of 
Ratcliffe, Stepney, widow, is grandmother to John and Rebecca 
Harley,—the two children of Capt. John Harley, deceased, who 
commanded the Willowghby,—and keeps them. [Jbid. No. 40.] 


John Snell to Williamson. The poor woman’s petition to the 
King, upon which there was a reference to the Earl of Clarendon, 
being unsuccessful, but upon what grounds does not appear, the 
Lord Keeper, being a stranger to the affair, will by no means grant 
her a brief without a new order, either from the King or Council. 
If you think fit to do her what kindness you can, I will give her 
all the assistance in my power. Endorsed [by Williamson], “ Cousin 
Snell.” [Zbid. No. 41.] 


John Powell to Williamson. No shipping worth noticing is at 
our port. [Ibid. No. 42.] 


B. J. [Ben. Johnson] to Williamson. The Nightingale has arrived 
at Spithead; she sailed with the Montague and Tiger from Cadiz, 
but lost them at sea. The Arms of London, having stopped her 
leaks, sailed out of the harbour for Cowes. [Jbid. No. 43.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. The Mizan,a Dutch pleasure boat, 
and the King’s Kitchen have arrived from the westward, and the 
Henrietta from the river, with the Duke of Lenox [and Richmond], 
who landed and took horse to Sir Arnold Brames’ house, between 
Dover and Canterbury. The winds vary much. [Jbid. No. 44.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Arrival of the Nightingale at 
Spithead, having left or lost the Montague and Tiger. [Ibid. 
No. 45.] 


Warrant for a grant of pardon to Matt. Coppinger, for and concern- 
ing the killing of Tim. Norwood, although he be, or be not indicted 
or convicted; with restitution of lands and goods, [S.P. Don., 
Entry Book 28, f. 22.) 


p 


290 


1669. 
April 22. 


April 23. 
April 23. 


April 23. 


April 23. 


April [23]. 


April 23. 
Deal. 


April 23. 


April 23. 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Warrant to Sir John Kelynge, Lord Chief Justice of King’s Bench, 
to suffer Matt. Coppinger to stand on new bail till the next sessions, 
when he is to be brought to trial for the death of Tim. Norwood, 
he being largely indebted to the King, and having great accounts 
to pass. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 28, f. 22.] 


Warrant to pay to Sir Thos. Osborne and Sir Thos. Littleton 
150,0007. on account, for the use of the Navy. [Docquet, Vol. 24, 
No. 41.] 


Warrants for naturalizing the Anne, and another ship bought in 
the time of the war. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, 
f. 128.] 


Earl of Manchester [Chancellor of Cambridge University, to 
Lord Arlington]. I permit Mr. Wilmot to have his M.A. degree, if 
your lordship will move the King for a mandamus. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 259» No. 46.] Annexing, 


Petition of Thos. Wilmot, B.A., to the King, for a mandamus 
to the University of Cambridge, for his M.A. degree ; took 
that of B.A. at Trinity College, Oxford, but being beneficed 
at Wimbledon, Surrey, has been unable to keep his terms, 
and perform his exercises there. [Ibid. No. 461.] 


The King to the [Vice-Chancellor] of Cambridge. We recommend 
Thos. Wilmot, B.A., for his degree of M.A., which he was prevented 
taking regularly, because of his attendance on duty in a benefice. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 108.] 


Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 259, No. 47.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. The Duke of Richmond sailed for 
France, but by contrary winds was forced to put back ; yesterday 
he sailed again. [Ibid. No. 48.] 


Certificate of Sir Thos. Bludworth, J.P. for London, that Sam. 
Atking, merchant of London, appeared before him, and made oath 
that he and other subjects of his Majesty are the owners of a 
foreign-built ship called the Fortune, which was taken during the 
war, and adjudged as prize by the Admiralty Court of Scotland. 
[Zbid. No. 49.] ; 


[Proposed] Order in Council that—as on 13 March 1668, on peti- 
tion of the City of London, the King dispensed for a year with such 
parts of the Act of Navigation as restrained the import of timber 
and deals, that they might be more plentiful for rebuilding the 
city, whereby they were reduced to a moderate price—his Majesty, 
being unwilling that so much of the stock of his kingdom should 
be spent in freight to foreigners, and yet wishing to encourage the 
speedy rebuilding of the city, lest the carriage of these bulky 
goods should fall into the hands of foreigners, has, on address of 
the Council of Trade, and by advice of the Privy Council, given 
liberty to his subjects to buy 60 vessels fit for this trade, which 


CHARLES II. 291 


1669. 

April 23. shall be naturalized, on the oath of their owners that no foreigner 
shall have any interest therein. They are to be registered as free 
for the Norway and Baltic Sea trade, 40 for the port of London, 
10 for the Western ports, from Dover to Bristol, and 10 to the 
Northern ports, from Harwich to Newcastle. The Farmers 
of Customs are to keep exact registers, so that no more ships than 
those permitted may be made free. With a proviso cancelled, 
signed by the Farmers of Customs, that this order is not to take 
off any aliens’ customs imposed on those ships, and reserved to be 
paid as formerly, by the order of 18 March 1668. [23 pages. 
S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 259, No. 50.] Annexing, 


Report of the Farmers of Customs that the naturalizing of 
60 foreign ships, to be made free for the trade of Norway 
and the Baltic Sea, is contrary to 2 Acts; that for en- 
couragement of navigation, and that for preventing fraud 
in the Customs. Should his Mujesty suspend these 2 laws 
in this particular, the aliens’ duty on those ships need not 
be remitted, as this withdraws money from the revenue, and 
gives it to private traders, and also discourages men fiom 
brinying goods in English shipping, as they can do it 
cheaper in foreign. The dispensation granted last year 
for bringing in building materials continued the payment 
of all duties. 

Most of this trade has been carried on by foreign ships, and 
the materials needed by the city will be brought in, whether 
these ships are made free or not. If the ships are made 
free, it is hoped that they will be limited as to the time in 
which, and the places where, the goods wre to be delivered ; 
that a list of the purchasers will be sent in to be approved 
by his Majesty, and that if the ships are not provided, the 
dispensation will cease—23 April 1669. [Lbid. No. 501.] 


Report of the Council of Trade—on a reference of the 
petition of Thos. Farrington, merchant of London, for 
leave to bring in free from seizure a parcel of timber 
and deals which he provided at Hamburg, for rebuilding 
the city—that the permission will be good, provided the 
timber is imported in English ships, for these reasons: the 
enlargement of trade is the common interest of a trading 
nation, and it would be an advantage if more ports than 
one or two were found for bringing in these commodities, 

The trade in timber and wood from Hamburg would be a great 
advantage, because that from other places is chiefly man- 
aged by the natives in their own shipping, so that although 
the trade in timber has exceedingly increased here, the em- 
ployment of English shipping therein has decreased, but 
would greatly increase, if the Hamburg trade was managed 
by English shipping. 

Hamburg timber would be bought by exchange for our woollen 
goods, whereas Norway timber is bought with ready money 
for the most part. 

T 2 


292 


1669. 


April 23. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Also the petitioner has many buildings, erecting and to erect, 
in London, for which he needs the timber. [9 signatures. 
S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 259, No. 5015.] 


Capt. John Hubbard to Matt. Wren. I arrived here 1 April, 


The Milford, and then sailed to Tangier, with 4 merchant sbips bound for the 


Cadiz. 


April 23. 


April 23. 


Woolwich. 


April 24. 


Levant, the commanders requesting my convoy. s 

On the 8th, there being a small vessel of Tangier bound for 
Tituan, to redeem some soldiers that were slaves, the Governor 
requested me to convoy her there, which I did, and then bore for 
Malaga Road, where I arrived on the 11th. If any of his Majesty's 
subjects had been there laden, bound for the westward, I intended 
to convoy them as far as I could; but not finding any, I returned 
for Tangier. 

I sailed on the 13th, and met with a new three-decked French 
man-of-war of 75 or 80 guns, and being covetous of news, I ran 
alongside and hailed him, but could have no other answer but out of 
the mouths of several men speaking English, “Dog, strike your 
topsail.” As I could never understand that language in any of 
his Majesty’s ships, finding the Milford not able to dispute that 
punctilio with him, though very inclinable to it, I passed by, 
telling him in his own words that I scorned to strike a topsail 
for any French dog in the sea; which so disturbed him, that he 
immediately bore up after me, fired, and gave chase for 1} hours, 
when he tacked about. Four other ships coming up, one of which 
was French, on the 15th I anchored in Tangier Road, and gave 
the Governor notice of what had passed. À 

I met Capt. Beary, from Sally, at Tangier, and the Francis 
having arrived from the same place, we consulted with the 
Governor as to the best way of disposing of ourselves, for main- 
taining his Majesty’s honour and annoying his enemies, until 
further orders from his Royal Highness advised us to sail for 
Cadiz to inquire for orders, and if there were none, to keep 
together, and lie off Sally and the Southward Cape. In order to 
do this, we sailed from Tangier on the 19th, and arrived the 20th 
at Cadiz, where I received your letter, directed to Sir Thos. Allin, 
or any of the King’s commanders. Sir Thos. Allin being gone 
home, I opened it, and found his Royal Highness’s commands for 
2 ships to sail for Leghorn, to bring down what merchant ships 
they find ready; and there being no others but Capt. Beary’s and 


mine, we have resolved to proceed there accordingly. [24 pages. 
Ibid. No. 51.] 


Extract of the above. [Jbid. No. 52.] 


Wm. Bodham to Pepys. I beg leave of absence for 14 days, 
having very urgent business at Norfolk, my native country, 
where I have not been but once since 1663. 1 shall be obliged to 
discharge the men for want of tar; if any great cordage is called 
for, and not ready-made, we know not what to do. [Ibid. No. 53.] 


M. Johnson to Williamson. You had the warrants returned with 
the bills to be signed, which I never received ; for dispatch of this 


CHARLES II. 293 


1669. 
business, it is left to insert the clause in the King’s presence, for it 
is impossible to re-write the whole bill in the time prefixed. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. IL, 259, No. 54.] 


April 24. John Powell to Williamson. The Roebuck has arrived here from 
Milford. London, bound for Dublin. [Jbid. No. 55.] 


April 24. [Anth. Thorold] to Hickes. The Sarah has arrived from Mor- 
Lyme. laix, and the Thomas from Croisic, with the report that the 
French are still pressing men for setting out ships to relieve 
Candia. The Lyme Tree from Virginia reports the plantations to 
be in a thriving condition, and having orders from England, 400 
or 500 of the people intend to march in May for a further dis- 
` covery into the country, taking 3 months’ provisions with them, 
and some Indians as guides. Their course will be south-west, 
and they hope to find out some mines, as they are informed the 
Spaniards have yearly brought great riches from there. The said 
vessels met 20 or 30 sail, which have since passed, and are sup- 
posed to be merchantmen from the Straits, bound for London and 

other ports. [Jbid. No. 56.] 


[April 24.] Petition of Joshua Basset, M.A., to the King, for a mandatory 
letter to the University of Cambridge, to be admitted to the next 
vacant senior Fellowship. Was admitted in 1658 into Caius 
College, where he has continued to the present time, and performed 
all the exercises enjoined by the statutes. Was chosen junior 
Fellow of the said College in 1666, whereupon his friends, pre- 
suming he had been very well proviled for, withheld the allowance 
they formerly gave him; but the endowments of that Fellowship 
being very small, he has not sufficient to maintain himself, and 
after 12 years’ study and expense, will be forced to leave the 
University, unless his Majesty grants the letter asked. [Zbid. 
No. 57.] Annexing, 

Certificate by Dr. Rob. Brady, Master of Gonville and Caius 
College, and 7 Fellows, that Basset has been in the College 
11 years, and conducted himself well, and they recom- 
mend him for favowr—12 April 1669. [Latin. Ibid. 
No. 571.] 


Humphrey, Bishop of London, to Williamson. You see that 
Mr. Basset brings good testimonials from his College, and 
I have, moreover, had from an ancient friend, on whose 
judgment and integrity I can rely, a very good character 
of him, both for learning and virtue. T have made request 
to Lord Chamberlain [Manchester] on his behalf, and hope 
his Lordship will approve of soliciting for his Majesty’s letters 
of commendation ; I pray you promote it. I am not able to 
walk without a staff—23 April 1669. [Lbid. No. 5711.) 


Earl of Manchester to Lord Arlington. I have received from 
the Bishop of London a full representation of the case 
of Mr. Basset—that he is peculiarly qualified for the senior 
Fellowship, and that he alone, by the rules, is capable of it, 
but that some of the Fellows have wnwarily engaged them- 


294 


1669. 


April 24. 


April 24. 
Whitehall. 


April 25. 


April 25. 


April [25.] 


April 25. 
Plymouth. 
April 25. 


Portsmouth. 


April 25. 


Portsmouth. 


April 25. 


London. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


selves otherwise, and would count it a favourable relaxation, 
if they be directed by a mandamus precisely to observe the 
rules of the College.—I therefore desire you will move his 
Majesty for the mandamus accordingly—April 24, 1669. 
[S.P. Dom, Car. IT. 259, No. 57111.] 


The King to the Master and Fellows of Caius College, Cam- 
bridge. We add our royal recommendation, on request, in favour of 
Joshua Basset, M.A., who is peculiarly qualified for the next 
vacant fellowship, and capable thereof by the rules of the College. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 22.] 


Sec. Sir John Trevor to the Earl of Suffolk, Lord Lieutenant of 
cos. Suffolk and Cambridge. The King wishes you to enquire into 
the truth of complaints that frequent and scandalous meetings, on 
pretence of religious worship, are held in Suffolk ; and if, either by 
their increase in number or behaviour, they endanger public peace, 
or affront the established worship, you are to suppress them, and 
proceed against the preacher and principal offenders. 

With note of a similar letter to the Earls of Exeter and Peter- 
borough, Lords Lieutenant of co. Northampton. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 25, f. 98.] 


Warrant for naturalizing 4 Scotch ships. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 128.] 

Warrant to the Commissioners for the Earl Marshalship, to 
create Thos. Segar to the office of Bluemantle Pursuivant at Arms. 


[Ibid. f. 129.] 
Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 259, No. 58.] 
John Clarke to [Williamson]. Arrival of ships. [Zbid. Vo. 58a.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Montague has sailed for 
Chatham, the Tiger is at Spithead, and the Nightingale is in the 
harbour, they all being part of Sir Thos. Allin’s fleet from the 
Straits. The Morning Star, which was plundered by the Algiers 
man-of-war, is still at Spithead, her men not being willing to pro- 
ceed in her, on suspicion that they may lose their wages, on account 
of the loss of the money taken. The Dragon has been fitted, 
and is ready to sail. [Zbid. No. 59.] 


B. J. [Ben Johnson] to Williamson. The Montague and Tiger 
have arrived at Spithead, where the Nonswch lies, and the Night- 
ingale, Kitchen ketch, and Portsmouth sloop have come into 
harbour. The Montague has sailed for Chatham, and the Morning 
Star, which was bound for the East Indies, attends a fair wind 
back for London. The paymasters have come down to pay off 
the ships that are to be laid up. [Jbid. No. 60.] 


James Hickes to Williamson. As you and my Lord desire to 
serve me, in compensation for hazarding all I had in promotion of 
the service, I beg you to move Lord Arlington to grant me and 
my son our several employments in the Post Office, during his time 
of office, and to present my petition to his Majesty, to grant them 
to us for life; and if I should die before my son, that he may be 


1669. 


April 25. 


The Portsmouth, 


Plymouth. 


April 25. 


Portsmouth. 


April 25. 
Woolwich. 


April 25. 
The Lenox, 
Holehaven. 


April 26. 


April 26. 
Chatham. 


CHARLES II. 295 


admitted into my place, at the same salary and small perquisites, 
he being the most fit of any in being, to manage and methodise the 
same. As I have been a laborious and faithful servant, from the 
beginning of the office to the present time, a period of 80 years 
and upwards, I hope I may obtain his lordship’s favour, and 
quietly enjoy a comfortable livelihood, at this my advanced age, 
without fear of change. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 259, No. 61.] 


John Wyborne to Williamson. Having a packet aboard from 
Sir Thos. Temple, Governor of Nova Scotia, directed to Lord 
Arlington, I beg leave to come to London to deliver it. [Jbid. 
No, 62.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. What is 
to be bought here for the despatch of ships shall be procured on 
the best terms, but all comes out of the money designed to furnish 
the stores with timber, which I hope will be speedily augmented. 
The Montague has sailed, the Nightingale come into port, and a 
pilot gone for the Tiger. I recommend Joseph Rabinet, master 
carpenter of the Mary, for the mast-maker’s place at Chatham, he 
having served Gardiner, a former mast-maker there. I pray pay- 
ment of 200/. due to boatmen for carrying ballast to and from the 
ships, for which Col. Middleton promised ready money; I am often 
troubled with their complaints. ([Jbid. No. 63.] 


Edward Byland to Col. Thos. Middleton. I send the length of 
the boats required for ships named fitting for sea. I think your 
proposition concerning fifth-rates for their boats is undeniable, as 
a horse cannot run so fast with a heavy load as a light one; and 
when a frigate is burthened with heavy boats, it is prejudicial to 
her bearing and sailing, and makes her old, and complain before 
her time. I desire that the stores demanded may be hastened 
down, and that you will consider of a spindle for our great crane. 
[Lbid. No. 64.] 


Capt. John Holmes to the Navy Commissioners. Desires an 
order for a supply of victuals, the time for victualling having 
ended last Friday. [Ibid. No. 65.] 


Capt. Martin Carslake to the Navy Commissioners. Asks 
warrants appointing Michael Davidson and Wm. Power as master 
and boatswain of the Golden Hand, having received good testi- 
mony of their ability. [Zbid. No. 66.] 


John Brooke and 4 other officers to the Navy Commissioners. We 
have thought fit, from time to time, to commit accounts weekly 
demanded, and all letters, books, and papers relating to the service, 
to Hum. Bray, not daring to trust our uncertain and irregular post 
with their conveyance, though we daily send other letters thereby. 
Bray, going out of Rochester early this morning, was stopped by 
Travers, a shop-keeper and the post-officer here, and the accounts, 
&c., including several chest-books lent us by the Brooke House 
Commissioners, taken from him, with menaces of violence if he 
made any resistance, so that his journey was prevented, and his 
tide lost. 


296 


1669, 


April 26. 


April 26. 
The Nonsuch, 
Spithead. 


April 26. 
Chatham. 


April 26. 


Seaford, 


April 26. 


April 26. 
Lyme. 


April 26. 


Pendennis. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


We thought it our duty to acquaint you with this unprece- 
dented proceeding, as, if continued, it may be of great prejudice 
to the service, which is daily in hazard of suffering great incon- 
venience by this man’s obstinacy and neglect; few letters come 
in due time, and when they do, it is with an abuse of his 
innovation, obliging us to pay a penny for each we receive upon 
the King’s service, or otherwise for carriage from Rochester hither. 


[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 259, No. 67.] 


Rob. Mayors to [Pepys ?]. Requests a warrant for delivering oars 
into the stores at Deptford, and for the use of the Ambassador's 
barge. [Jbid. No. 68.] 


Capt. John Holmes to the Navy Commissioners. We are com- 
pleted with all things except beer, and expect directions concerning 
that, and as to moving, by the next post. I desire orders as to short 
allowance, which will be necessary in regard of our continuance in 
the Straits. [Zbid. No. 69.] 


Edw. Gregory to the Navy Commissioners. I beg leave of absence 
for 6 or 7 days, having several bills of imprest in Mr. Waith’s 
hands, which I am desirous to retrieve, and other important occasions 
requiring my attendance in London. ([Ibid. No. 70.] 


Sir Bernard Gascoigne to Williamson. I could not find you 
yesterday, to let you know of the Prince [of Tuscany’s] desire con- 
cerning his reception at Cambridge. As he is in this kingdom 
incognito, no very great reception is fit for him, and it will there- 
fore be enough if the masters of the colleges that he shall visit are 
there to receive him ; you will oblige his Highness by sending word 
to that effect. I hope, while we are merry in the country, you 
will be merry in town, [Jbid. No 71.] 


James Hickes to. Williamson. The Irish mail has just come in 
with the euclosed for Lord [Arlington], [Zbid. No. 72.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. The Hepedition has come in from 
Malaga, with other merchantmen of London, &c. They had advice 
in March of 5 Sally men ready fitted to put to sea upon their old’ 
roving trade. Also that Tafiletta has become very great and power- 
ful, and that Tangiers was not without some apprehensions of him, 
but in good condition to defend themselves. They had the com- 
pany of some of the King’s ships for a little time, but these were 
not so kind as to keep with them ; however, they got home safe. 
Three Dutch men-of-war which were with them, espying 2 Turkish 
men-of-war off the South Cape, made after them, and so plied 
them with their guns, that they conclude they either burnt, sunk, 
or took them. [Jbid No. 73.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. The ships from Bordeaux have gone 
to their respective ports; 2 Spaniards have come in from the Bay 
of Biscay, with lemons and oranges, bound for London, and 2 others 
from Portugal and France with salt. Three vessels have also set 
sail for France. [Zbid. No. 74.] 


1669. 
April 26. 


Yarmouth, 


April 26. 
Weymouth, 


April 27. 


Portsmouth. 


April 27. 


8 p.m. 
Whitehall. 


April 27. 


Goring House. 


CHARLES ITI. 297 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. Repetition of part of the letter of 
the 19th. It has. been reported that his Majesty has given orders 
for an inspection to be made as to private meetings, to see whether 
people meet in great numbers, or with more confidence than formerly ; 
and if so, to quicken the justices to more diligence in prosecuting 
the teachers, and the principal of the faction. I know not whether 
this has wrought upon the captain, but he has taken his place as 
alderman, and yet goes to the meeting, where they now sing psalms, 
and may be heard at a great distance. 

His Majesty’s Coronation Day has hitherto been kept with great 
solemnity ; but last Friday it was all laid aside, and no notice 
taken of it, Woodroff, the bailiff, having moved the assembly to 
that purpose at their last meeting. The Earl of Aylesbury and 
Lord Belasyse arrived, and viewed the town, and went away for 
Norwich, but no notice was taken of them, though they were 
known. The Edgar has sailed for the Straits, and the Forester 
and several others are riding at anchor in the Roads. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. TI. 259, No. 75.] 


John Pocock to Hickes. A fleet of 30 sail of Straits men was 
seen yesterday, towards the Isle of Wight, one cf which, the 
Agreement, stopped to put some passengers ashore from Jamaica, 
whence she came in 11 weeks. She reports that the island is in 
a thriving condition, and that the French captain, who was taken 
before the blowing up of the Ozford, was condemned to die; 
but it was supposed the Governor would only keep him in prison 
until he had orders from England. Also that a fleet of privateers 
was plying to the windward, but their design was not known. 


[Ibid. No. 76.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Falmouth has arrived at 
Spithead from Zante ; she was in company with the Montague, but 
forced to put back. [Zbid. No. 77.] 


Rob. Francis to [Williamson]. I got the things signed, and Sir 
George Lane has the letter concerning the Duke of Ormond, and 
paid the fees of it. I send a packet from Lady Dorchester, and 
letters from the King to the Queen Mother, received from Mr. 
Purcell; also others from Lady Katherine, Sir Nich. Armorer, We. 
I will send an account of what happens at Council to-morrow. 
Mr. Cottle has gone to Lord Arlington at Goring House, as to 
passing Lord Ormond’s revocation by immediate warrant, which 
has been agreed upon between the Lord Keeper and Lord Arlington. 
[2 pages. Ibid. No. 78.] 


[Lord Arlington to Williamson], Newmarket. I send a letter 
from Lord Ambassador Montague to the Duke of Buckingham, 
and the bill for Lord Ormond’s revocation, as agreed upon between 
the King and the Lord Keeper. Let his Majesty know that 
Mr. Russell and the Lord Keeper have assured me that all things are 
quiet in the town; put his Majesty in mind of his promise to [Hen.] 
Compton of a canonry in Christ Church, vacant by [Dr. Rich.] 
Heylin’s death, and get a warrant for it. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 79.] 


298 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. 
April 27. Grant to Henry Compton of a canon’s place at Christ Church, 
Oxford, void by death of Dr. Heylin. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 19, p. 102.] 


Docquet of the above, dated May. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 50.] 


April 27. Warrant to John Bradley, messenger, to release M. La Fabvolliére, 
and deliver him to the hands of Lord Gerard. Minute. [S P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 129.] 


April 27. B. J. [Ben Johnson] to Williamson. The Tiger came into the 

Portsmouth. harbour greatly out of repair; the Deptford from the Straits, a 
ship from Zante, and a flyboat from Cowes, are at Spithead; the 
Nonsuch is waiting for a fair wind to sail for the Downs. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. IT. 259, No. 80.] 


April 27. Earl of Winchelsea to the King. In my voyage from Malta here, 

oe 7. JT touched at Catania in Sicily, and was invited by the bishop to 

Nepia lodge in his palace, which I did, the better to inform you of that 
extraordinary tire which comes from Mount Zibell [Etna], 15 miles 
distant, which may be termed a fiery inundation, being 15 miles 
long and 7 broad, advancing into the sea from 600 yards to a mile 
in breadth. It was wonderful to see in the sea this matter like 
ragged rocks, burning in 4 fathoms water, 2 fathoms higher than 
the sea, some parts liquid and throwing about vast stones red hot, 
some part hissing into the sea with a horrible noise and smoke, 
and making a firm foundation in the sea itself. 

I stayed from 9 a.m. Saturday to 7 a.m. next morning, during 
which time this mountain of fire, stones, and cinders had advanced 
20 yards into the sea in several parts, forming a passage like a river 
with steep banks, in which flows liquid fire, with large red hot . 
stones swimming on the fire. 

The stones are 3 fathom, high all over the country, and there are 
secret conduits sending fire and heat into all parts, melting stones 
and cinders, and turning rocks and houses to ashes. The com- 
ponents of these fire stones are sulphur, nitre, quicksilver, sal 
ammonia, lead, and other metals. In some places it has made 
valleys hills, and hills valleys. At night I went upon two towers, 
and could see, at 10 miles distance, that the fire rose from the moun- 
tain as high and big as one of the biggest steeples, and descended 
terribly red, with stones of a paler red, as bigas a table. The country 
is covered with great flames, and smokes like a furnace of melted iron. 

A cavalier of Malta, who attended me, told me the river was as 
liquid as a torrent when it issued from the mountain, and was 5 or 
6 fathoms deep and as broad. Nothing can divert it; in 40 days it 
has destroyed the habitations of 27,000 persons, and made 2 hills, 
one 1,000 paces high and 4 miles in compass, as you may see by the 
draft I send you. 

Of 20,000 persons who were in Catania, only 3,000 remain; all 
their goods are carried away, the brass cannon removed out of the 
castle, great bells taken down, the city walled up, and preparations 
made to abandon it. The fire met a lake of 4 miles’ compass, filled 
it up, and made a mountain of it. I send a relation given me by a 


1669. 


April 27. 


Portsmouth. 


April 27. 
Chatham. 


April 27. 


Portsmouth. 


April 27. 


CHARLES IL. 299 


bishop, but wish it had less of the stories of St. Agatha in it. 
[5 pages. Ibid. No. 81.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. The clerks 
have come down, and are making ready their books; the treasurer’s 
instruments went to Winchester for money. I have no directions 
for turning over men into ships that need them. I wish the Dragon 
were out of harbour, that her men might be kept aboard. I have 
bargained for 122 more loads of timber, and have agreed with the 
tanner and scupper-maker for what shall supply present occasions ; 
I send the prices of various leather articles for ready money. The 
carver requests payment of his account for works on the Ports- 
mouth shallop and 2 others, for which he has bills amounting to 
1181. 5s. 6d. [14 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 259, No. 82.] Encloses, 


Estimate by Commissioner J. Tippetts of the charge of materials 
spent and to be expended, in fitting out the Dragon and 4 
other ships, excluding timber, amounting to 1,0731. 8s. 4d.— 
Portsmouth, 27 April 1669. [Lbid. No. 821.] 


Phineas Pett and 2 other officers to the Navy Commissioners. 
We conclude it will be unsafe to bring the Revenge and St. David 
ashore, the ways not being fit to receive them, and are rigging and 
fitting them afloat. Our judgments are for bringing them both 
into dock, after launching the Dreadnought. [Lbid. No. 83.] 

Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. Pray hasten the 
Lords Commissioners’ order for the 1,000 trees for building a new 
ship, and order 2007. or 300/. to the purveyor, for felling and con- 
verting the timber. [Jlid. No. 84.] 


Capt. Walter Perry to the Navy Commissioners. I des’red 


The Emsworth Capt. Holmes, of the Lenox, to acquaint you with our shortness of 


sloop, 
Holehaven. 


April 27. 


April 28. 


April 28. 
Chatham. 


April 28. 


Falmouth. 


provisions ; but fearing he might forget, I again beg to remind you 


of it; we have only a supply for 3 days aboard. [Zbid. No. 85.] 


Jonas Shish to Thos. Hayter. Capt. Green will sell 4,000 good 
broom as cheap as any merchant, and-desires that the purveyor may 
see it. We want broom or fagots for burning our plank, or we 
shall waste and destroy our reed. [Ibid. No. 86.] 


Certificate by the Trinity House, that Nathaniel Webb of Lime- 
house is fit to take charge as master of any fourth rate ship or 
frigate. [Zbid. No. 87.] 


Phineas Pett to the Navy Commissioners. Particulars of timber 
which I offer for sale. I beg to be excused informing you as to the 
quality, and desire you will appoint a person to inform you therein, 
when I will give the price, or ask liberty to dispose of it elsewhere. 
Peter Steere of Chart, near Maidstone, has 400 loads of large timber 
fit for the new ship, which he will serve in for ready money. Most 
part of [John] Mason and Clarkes timber has come in, but very 
little is fit for carrying on the works of the ship. [Jbid. No. 88.] 

Thos. Holden to Hickes. A great fleet of Hollanders passed to 
the westward ; 2 vessels have arrived from the Bay of Biscay, laden 
with oranges and lemons. A Middleburg vessel, from Dublin, 
reports that the English are overjoyed at the Lord Privy Seal’s 


300 


1669. 


April 28. 


April 28. 
Milford. 


April 28. 
Lamplugh. 


April 28. 


April 28. 


Bristol. 


April 28. 


April 28. 


April [29]. 


Newmarket. 


[April 29.] 
April 29. 


April 29. 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


coming over there, but the Irish are much discomforted, they having 
much liberty under the Duke of Ormond. The Daniel and Edward 
from Jamaica reports that the English have taken a town from the 
Spaniards, and sold it to them again, and that they thrive very well 
in those parts. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 259, No. 89.] 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 90.] 


John Powell to Williamson. The Monmouth has arrived from 
transporting the Earl of Cork, and is now attending for the Earl of 
Orrery for Dublin. [Jbid. No. 91.] 


Col. John Lamplugh to Williamson. I received the letter inti- 
mating my being admitted as one of the patentees for the Plate 
Lottery in Ireland, but not being acquainted with the way thereof, 
I have written to my cousin, Thos. Lamplugh, of Gray’s Inn, to wait 
on you for advice, having given him a letter of attorney. [Jbid. 
No. 92.] 


Sir J. Trevor to Rob. Francis. I have been troubled with 
ague 5 weeks. I have to complain of the post for the non-arrival 
of news-letters; pray direct them to me by the Salop post. [Jbid. 
No. 93.] 


James Baskerville to Williamson. Several ships have arrived 
from the Straits. [Zbid. No. 94.] 


Martin Moundeford to Rob. Francis. I wish it had been your 
fortune to have once seen my mother. I hope we may often meet ; 
I apprehend your love for my sister, and do not remember that I 
questioned your care for her, though I expressed hopes that you 
would be willing to content her friends as to a reasonable provision 
for her, and your reply is most candid; but I should not wish any- 
one to participate so great a concern without mature consideration ; 
as you cannot want good counsel, I hope you will be so sensible 
of your own advantage as to hearken to it. [Zbid. No. 95.] 


Warrant from-Lord Arlington to Jo. Siliot, messenger, to search 
for and apprehend and bring Thos. Glass before him, for carrying 
letters contrary to the Act of Parliament. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 129.] 


The King to [the Governors of Winchester College]. The place 
of Warden becoming vacant by death of Dr. Burt, we recommend 
[Fras.] Turner, M.A., one of your own body, being a fellow of New 
College, Oxford, and a person of worth, to the office, and doubt not 
your compliance, especially as he is chaplain to the Duke of York; 
we shall consider your compliance an effect of your loyalty and 
great affection. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 259, No. 96.] 


Draft of the above. [Zbid. No. 97.] 
Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 23.] 


Lord Arlington to [Williamson]. I received your letter contain- 
ing the good news that his Majesty was better of his cold, and hope 
he will leave it quite behind him. Mr. Compton has received his 
warrant countersigned. I have inquired of Lord Holles concerning 


1669. 


April 29. 


Newmarket. 


April 29. 
Whitehall. 


April 29. 


Letter Office. 


April 29. 
Alban Hall. 


April 29. 


Portsmouth. 


CHARLES II. 301 


the point of Lord Ambassador Montague’s visiting first the Princes 
of the Blood, and his lordship says confidently that the first visit is 
due to them from our Ambassador, in recompense of their sending 
their coaches to his entry, and making no difficulty of giving hiin 
the hand in their own houses. Now as his staying long for this 
resolution may embarrass him in his visits, I have directed him 
accordingly by this night’s post, and hope his Majesty will approve 
of it. 

I send a draft of a warrant for his Majesty, granting me an escheat 
lately fallen in Ireland, which is represented to be under 3002. 
a year, though the one his Majesty promised was of greater value. 
I enclose a letter from Lady Castlemaine to his Majesty. [1} pages. 
S-P. Dom., Car. TI. 259, No. 98.] 


J. Williamson to R. Francis. I have your letter, and wonder how 
you omitted sending some news-books; it was only want of care. 
I am going to Cambridge; pray be careful of all in your charge 
during my absence. Give the enclosed to Lady Katherine Brien 
with your own hand. Mr. Perrot ought to have spoken to Swaddell 
or someone else to give him an account of the King’s movements. 


[Ibid. No. 99.] 


Rob. Francis to [Williamson]. I delivered letters as directed, and 
expect one from Lady Katherine, Lady Castlemaine’s being sent in 
Lord (Arlington’s) packet. We had nothing of a Council yesterday, 
only 6 meeting, who did no business. I got my lord’s hand to the 
interlineation of the Lord Privy Seal’s commission, and delivered it 
to Mr. Cottle, who brought the signet of the revocation, to pass by 
immediate warrant. I send letters received, and extracts from those 
sent to Mr. Perrot. I am sorry to hear that you have lost your 
horse, and hope God will defend you from worse accidents. 
[12 pages. Ibid. No. 100.] 

A. Ellis to Williamson. I send the label of the express from 
Newmarket, that you may see how the postmaster rode with it, 
and how Adamson of Royston detained it; as you are on the place, 
you may see who are fit to be punished for such negligencies, which 
must not be pardoned. The Queen supped yesterday night at 
Mr. May’s Lodge, with the Duchesses of Bucks and Richmond, the 
Countess of Falmouth, and Lady Arlington; but Mr. May was not 
cured of the gout for all that, and he has sat in his chair ever since 
the evil spirit afflicted him. I never saw any look so like a philo- 
sopher; you may remembr the stoic that Lucian describes going 
to burn himself. Sir John Bennet is gone to Salisbury, to bring a rich 
uncle to London, to die to his advantage. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 101.] 


Dr. Thos. Lamplugh to Williamson. Thanks for procuring my 
brother [Ralph] Davenant the King’s title for his sine curd; I beg 
you to procure the same for his living cum curd, as he has fallen 
into some trouble about it; he is a very worthy person. [Jbid. 
No. 102.] 


 [B. Johnson] to Williamson. The Nonsuch sailed for the Downs 
this morning, and the Dragon left for Spitheal; the Yarmouth 
was paid off yesterday. [Zbid. No. 103.] 


302 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. 
April 29. Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Monsuch has sailed for 
Portsmouth. Tangiers, and the Yarmouth was paid off. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 259, 


No. 104.] 


April 29. Rich. Watts to Williamson. The Montague has arrived from 
Deal. Spithead ; 2 other ships are in the Downs. [Jbid. No. 105.] 


April 29. | Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I cannot 

Portsmouth. proceed with payment of the men, until I know up to what time those 
turned over from the Monmouth, and reserved for the Resolution, 
shall be paid. Sir Thos. Allin wrote the lieutenant that 6 months 
was to be stopped till the other ships were ready, but that is not 
sufficient to proceed upon. I shall complete payment of the Yar- 
mouth to-day. The paymaster has only money for her and the 
Monmouth. Capt. Deane desires the contract for Mayle’s timber, 
that a new one may be made. [Jbid. No. 106.] 


April 29. J. Wilson to Pepys. I have signed a certificate in behalf of 
© Chatham. a Wm. Wyborne, as mast maker in the yard, no person in these parts 
being fit to stand in competition with him. [Jbid. No. 107.] 


April 29. W. Hannam and Jobn Rudd to the Navy Commissioners. We 

Woolwich. estimate the month’s charge for victuals and wages of 30 men, 
employed to weigh the wrecks on the north shore at Woolwich, at 
1301. [Lbid. No. 108.] 


April 30. Fras. Baylie to the Navy Commissioners. I desire that a pair of 
bulge ways, made by Mr. Furzer to launch the St. David, and ient 
to me to launch the Edgar, may be left with me for similar uses, or 
sold to me at the price current. [Jbid. No. 109.] 


April 30. Sir John Bennet to Lord Brouncker and the Navy Commissioners. 
I will send to Travers, the postmaster at Rochester, for an account 
of his proceedings, and give you the particulars. [Jbid. No. 110.] 


April 30. Capt. John Hubbard to the Navy Commissioners. I had the 
‘The Milford, misfortune to crack my foremast, and lose the foretopmast, &c., in 
Cadiz. my passage from England, and borrowed 300 pieces of oak of John 
Matthews, merchant of this place, for which I gave a bill. I desire 
it may be punctually paid, otherwise the service will suffer in such 

necessities, [Zbid. No. 111.] 


April 30. John Moore and Edw. Moorcock to the Navy Commissioners. 

Chatham. The vessels you mention will be sufficient to weigh any wreck in 
the river, except the Helverstone, which will require 4 or 5 more, 
and the monthly charge will be more than double while working 
on her. The monthly charge excluding her will be 140l, which 
may be increased by contingencies. We are preparing to remove 
the Oak; we need a supply of victuals ; ours expired several days 
since, so we know not what to do with our men. [Jbid. No. 112.] 


April 30. John Brooke and 3 other officers of the Yard to the Navy Com- 

Chatham Dock. missioners. We transmit the enclosed papers, according to your 
orders, and the request of Phineas Pett. [Zbid. No. 113.] 

Afidavit by Edw. Ives that in 1667, Thos. Rankins, of Hoo, 

ordered him to take off the horse-bells from the collars of 


CHARLES II. 303 


1669. 
his team, and go with the wagon to the water-side at Hoo, 
to load a parcel of ironwork which lay there ; that he carried 
itto Rankins’ house, at 9 p.m., and believes there was 14 tons 
of large chain-plates, bolts, &c., belonging to his Majesty. 
—31 March 1669. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 259, No. 1131.] 


Affidavit by Melchior Rainolds and 2 others, that Rob. Sutton 
declared in their presence that he never told boatswain 
Harman that he had acquainted Pett of the ironwork in 
Rankin’s house at Hoo; but that he told Harman to inquire 
concerning it, and that his wife told Mr. Pett. Also that 
Elizabeth Sutton admitted she told Mr. Pett, who asked her 
whether she could prove it to be the King’s, to which she 
answered she could not, as she had not looked on the mark. 
—20 April 1669. [Lbid. No. 11311] 


Afidavit by John Trusler, that 2 years past, he saw 15 buckets 
of nails and spikes and other ironwork brought into Hoo 
Creek by a boat in the night, wherein was one Rivers, a 
shipwright in the yard at Chatham, who, on landing, 
Jetched his team with 5 horses, and one Hooker, a smith, 
his team and 2 horses, and carried it to Rivers’s barn. 
That he has often seen Hookers servant, called Rathery, carry 
ironwork to his master’s house; and that Hooker fearing 
the examinant would disclose, has threatened to lay him in 
prison, and endeavoured to purchase a bond of his, the 
better to effect his purpose. That Hooker is so constant a 
dealer in ironwork, that there are few in the town but are 
privy thereto. (Ibid. No. 113111.] 


Abstract of the evidence of Haw. Ives and 3 others on the 
same subject. [Ibid. No. 1131v.] 


Memorandum on the evidence of Rob. Sutton and others, and 
how far it reflects on Mr. Pett, he stating that he did not 
know the goods to be the King’s. [Ibid. No. 113v.] 


April 30. Roger Parker and 2 other officers of the Constant Warwick, to 
the Navy Commissioners. Have taken in 4 months’ provisions for 


150 men, and cannot stow more than an additional two months’ of 
beef, pork, and peas. [Jbid. No. 114.] 


April 30. Rich. Watts to Williamson, A pink has arrived from the 
Deal. Straits, and reports that she was plundered by 2 Turkish men-of- 
war of most of her victuals; the ship is sailing for London. [Jbid. 

No. 115.] 


April 30. Cuthbert Dikes to Wiiliamson. I have arrived at Newcastle, 

Newcastle. and request that your cousin, Thos. Williamson, or any other of 
your servants, will correspond with me. There are £00 laden coal 
ships in the river, waiting a fair wind, 100 being for London and 
the rest for the coasts. Iam labouring to fit myself for the dis- 
charge of my post employment, and if you think me worthy of 
any commands, pray lay them freely upon me, and I will serve you 
to my utmost. [Jbid. No. 116.] 


304 


1669. 
April 30. 


Newmarket, 


April 30. 


[April 30.] 


April: 


April ? 


April ? 


April, 


April ? 


April. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


The King to the Vice-Chancellor and Senate of Cambridge. 
The Prince of Tuscany intends, in his return to London, to pass 
by Cambridge to see the University. Desiring that wherever he 
passes in the kingdom, he be received with due respect, we require 
you, among other fitting compliments, to cause a public creation 
to be made, by conferring degrees in the several faculties on 
such gentlemen of his train as desire it, and on such others 
as the Vice-Chancellor thinks fit. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, 


f. 22] 
Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 259, No. 117.] 


Another draft, with several blank forms of warrants, dispensa- 
tions, &c., on other subjects. [3 pages. Ibid. No. 118.] 


Thos. Thynne’s account as Envoy Extraordinary to Sweden, from 
Nov. L666 to April 1669, amounting to 899l. 9s. 9d., for which he 
craves an allowance. . [Zbid. No. 119.] 


Request by Phil. Babington for a letter of leave to Sir Thos. 
Beaumont, High Sheriff of Leicestershire, to leave his county, 
being a material witness in a case between Babington and Sir 
Thos. Doleman, which is to be tried 12 May. [Ibid. No. 120.] 


Petition of Jonathan Atherton, master of the Merchants’ Adven- 
ture, to the King. On the approach of the Dutch fleet in June 
1667, our ship bound for Barbadoes was taken up at Blackwall, 
and sunk at Woolwich, to the loss of 1,539/. 7s. 6d., for which 
speedy payment was promised. Begs not to be undone by delays. 
[Lbid, No. 121.] Anneaxing, 


Valuation of the said ship, by Lord Browncker and 8 others. 
—31 March 1669. [Zbid. No, 1211] 


Proposed warrant to Sir Thos. Osborne and Sir Thos. Little- 
ton, Commissioners for the Navy Treasury, to pay the said 
1,5391. 7s. 6d— April 1669. [Zbid. No. 12111] © 


Petition of Thos. Goodwin, of Lynn Regis, Norfolk, to the King. 
Freighted a ship for Norway, and took with him 65l. in money, 
which was taken away by Thos. Perkins, Surveyor of Customs. 
Begs favour, being a young beginner, and this his first offence, 


[Ibid. No. 122.] 


Declaration of the King’s approval of the accounts of the Earl 
of Sandwich, late Ambassador to Spain, which have been approved 
by the Committee for Foreign Affairs. [He returned 11 Oct. 1668 
and was paid in full May 1669. Ibid. No. 123.] í 


Account by [Sir Denis Gauden] of money paid on a warrant of 
the Navy Commissioners of 19 Nov. 1664, with reference to sick 
and wounded seamen, amounting to 2,286]. 2s. O4d. [Ibid. 
No. 1234.] 


1669. 
April. 


April. 
Woolwich. 


April. 


April. 


April. 
Deal. 


79380. 


CHARLES II. 305 


Thos. Turner to Pepys. Sends an account of provisions delivered 
out of the stores at Deptford to the Ordnance officers. Has 
strictly inspected [Thos.] Harper’s books with [Wm.] Fownes, and 
can find no more, [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 259, No. 124.] 


Capt. W. Hannam and John Rudd to the Navy Commissioners. 
Have surveyed the wrecks, and shall begin on the north shore, 
and make a clear passage on that side. Ask for a warrant to take up 
lighters and ketches named, and to enter 20 men; request stores, 
and an imprest of 200/. for carrying on the work. [Jbid. No. 125.] 


John Russell to [the Navy Commissioners]. Considers it most 
convenient to bring the timber lying at Stockwith to Hull, where 
they may send vessels for it; it will cost 5s, a ton to bring it 
down to Hull. [Jbid. No. 126.] 

Abra. Parker to the Navy Commissioners. I beg an order for 
my salary, which I have dearly earned, with the hazard of life, 3000. 
expense, and loss of near 3 years’ time ; his Royal Highness has given 
me a commission to go as muster-master to the squadron under Sir 
Jeremy Smith, and has referred my petition to you. [Zbid. No. 127.] 

Lists sent by Morgan Lodge to Williamson, of King’s and 
merchant ships in the Downs, the state of the wind, time of the 
arrival and despatch of mails, &e. 


“ Mails. 

T- . 

yol. Date, King’s. hast ie OL eT Wind. REMARKS, 

No. rival, | parture. 

128 | April 1 1 24 lp.m.' 5 p.m. S.W. 

129 oe A 1 23 — 6 p.m. S.W. 

i301 oS 1 23 = = S.W. 

¥31-|) {550 -4 1 23 4p.m.; 6 p.m. S.W. 

ES2N 55 s5 2 30 — | 6.30 W.N.W. | I have put your 2 packets on 
board the Leghorn Mer- 
chant, Capt. Hamilton, 
commander. 

133-1 a Gal yo 9 — | 5pm. | NNW. 

134 my tf 3 8 — | 6pm. 5. 

1250P E8 4 11 — |7pm. | W.N.W. 

LK s- 9 2 11 — | 5p.m. N.E. 

137 (= 101 22 im = == N.E 

E e A ee 5 ean ONE 

139 SLI? 1 2 — | 6p.m. N.E 

140| „ 13 1 5 — |7p.m. SE. 

141/ , 14 1 3 — | 5pm. S.E. 

1424)", "16 S 2 = N.E. 

KEI S i l = E Pepa h N E: 

144 eke if — — 6 p.m. N.E. 

1451. 4 39 l = — | Spam. | ENE. 

146 | ,, 20 1 zs pa | W.N.W. ; 

Bee el 2 2 — | 5pm. N.E. The Duke of Richmond is 
passing through the Downs 
in his Majesty’s pleasure 
boat, the Henrietta. 

148 | ,, 22 1 — |8p.m.| 5pm N. The Duke of Richmond is 
detained by bad weather. 

149 F Di 1 == — 6 p.m E.N.E. 

150 ie PAB l = — 6 p.m N. 

n eee 7 1 — — | 5pm. | N.N.E. 

1520 E SEET = — |5pm.| ENE. 

153 | ,, 30 1 3 |4p.m.| 5pm.| ES.E. 


306 


1669. 


May 1. 
Deal. 


May 1. 


Portsmouth. 


May 1. 
Deptford. 


May 1. 


May 2. 


T’ortsmouth. 


May 2. 


Portsmouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. There have 30 sail come in from 
various parts, one of which reports that an East India ship bound 
for England was met by some Turkish pirates of Algiers, who 
plundered her of 20,000/. in commodities, and all her provisions, 
and then let her go. A Virginia ship reports that 2 which were in 
company with her have foundered. Several would have made land 
5 or 6 weeks since, but were kept back by contrary winds; 40 sail 
more are in the Channel, homeward bound. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 
259, No. 154.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. I will send a 
draft of the dimensions of a fifth-rate ship, as soon as I can get 
time to draw it. I want the money for felling and converting the 
trees imprested to Mr, Eastwood, the purveyor, who will have the 
charge of doing it, being accustomed to that work. I shall order 
the trees fit for use as often as the service requires it. I hope you 
have the [Treasury] Commissioners’ order for felling, the season 
being far spent for the bark. [Jbid. No. 155.] 


John Huntington, master of the Adam and Eve ketch, to the 
Navy Commissioners. Sends pay-books, and has prepared all things 
ready for the pay, being informed by the clerk of the cheque that 
the hoy and her company are to be discharged. [Jbid. No. 156.] 


[Proposed] bond of George Taylor, of St. Paul’s, Covent Garden, 
and his security, to the Navy Commissioners. Taylor—having 
accused James Adamson and Clement Palmer of making and selling 
false tickets, whereby his Majesty is defrauded—in order that they 
and other persons may be brought to condign punishment, offered to 
the Navy Commissioners, if they would imprest him money, within 
one year to make a true and reasonable account of expenses in 
convicting them. With note that, Taylor objecting to a penalty of 
201. being inserted, in case of non-performance of the conditions, as 
being double the money placed in his hands, the whole was broken 
off. (Draft. 14 pages. Ibid. No. 157.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I paid 
the Monmouth and turned her men over to the Resolution, but 
stopped 7/. from each, which will be paid to them at Spithead. 
Money having come down, I shall pay the Princess to-morrow, and 
advise the lieutenant to choose 40 or 50 of her men for the Resolu- 
tion. I suppose it is intended to pay off the Mary and Bristol. 
The Dragon is at Spithead, waiting orders, and the Portsmouth 
and Deptford ketch are hastening to Deptford. 

I hope you will supply money for the timber purchased; I have 
now agreed for 302 trees at 40s. a load, which will come to 8002. 
I shall send the shipwright’s assistant to see a parcel of choice 
timber near Midhurst, value 1,0007. or 1,2007., to-morrow. Paul 
Coles’ tenders are not to be depended on; I recommended Jos. 
Ratinet from the report of Capt. Clarke, from the master ship- 
wright’s information, and from my own observation. [12 pages. 


Ibid. No. 158.] 


B. J. [Ben Johnson] to Williamson. The Monmouth has been 
paid off; the Portsmouth ketch has arrived from New England, and 
about 60 English merchantmen are in the Channel, The Morning 


1669. 


May 2. 


Portsmouth. 


May 2. 
Milford. 


May 2. 
Hull. 


May 3. 
Weymouth. 


May 3. 


Westminster. 


May 3. 


Yarmouth. 


May 3. 
Chester. 


May 3. 


Lincoln. 


May 3. 


Chester. 


CHARLES II. 307 


Star has come into the harbour to be refitted; the Dragon and 
Deptford ketch are still at Spithead. [S.P. Dom. Car. LI. 259, 
No. 159.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Arrival of the Portsmouth ketch 
from New England, having lost her mast in bad weather. [Jbid. 
No. 160.] 

John Powell to Hickes. The Monmouth remains in the harbour, 
waiting for the Earl of Orrery, to take him to Dublin.  [JZbid. 
No. 161.] 


Chas. Whittington to Williamson. Departure of a vessel for 
Rotterdam, laden with lead and cloth, and of the George and the 
Merchants’ Adventure for Hamburg, richly laden with cloth. Some 
Danish vessels have arrived from Norway. [Jbid. No. 162.] 


John Pocock to Hickes. Two vessels have arrived from Portugal, 
also 3 from Croisic, which report a great press there for seamen to 
go on their fleet for the Straits; those who escaped after being 
pressed had their goods taken from them. A vessel from Jersey 
also reports the good condition of that place and Guernsey. Several 
ships are daily seen passing to the eastward. [Jbid. No. 163.] 


Ant. Samwell to Williamson. I understand that Lord Arlington 
scruples at rectifying a wrong date in the certificate, because it is 
signed by himself and Secretary Morice, which he might not con- 
tinue to do, if you reminded him that by the privy seal of 31 Aug., 
still in your hand, the certificate of the two Secretaries of State, or 
of either of them, is sufficient. The want of the certificate so 
rectified is very grievous, and may be prejudicial to us, for the 
same error existing in the warrant to Sir Rob. Long, he cannot 
draw his warrant. I entreat your vigorous assistance in the matter. 
Endorsed, “ Lord Chesterfield’s privy seal.” [Zbid. No. 164.] 

Rich. Bower to Williamson. Three ships have come into the 
Road from the Straits, with oils, oranges, and lemons; also 2 from 
Lisbon, and a Frenchman from Rochelle; 60 sail are at anchor, 
bound to the northward. [Jbzd. No. 165.] 


Ma. Anderton to Williamson. The Duchess of Ormond has 
arrived at Whitchurch, and moved to-day towards Holyhead for 
Dublin. Divers persons of honour and quality waited on her, and 
had she come through the city, she would have been attended by a 
numerous company of gentlemen of these parts, who have a great 
honour for that family. I often miss my weekly paper of intelli- 
gence; I believe it to be the fault cf Capt. Baker, the postmaster. 
[Zbid. No. 166.] 

William, Bishop of Lincoln, to Williamson. Gratitude was never 
so magnitied as that of yours at Careby, both by father and son. I 
told them not to thank or esteem you the more for it, as you could 
not be other unless you would offer violence to your nature, for 
which I fell in love with you. Continue me in your affection, as 
you are in mine. [Zbid. No. 167. See p. 198, supra.] 

Sir Nich. Armorer to Williamson. Isend ten thousand thanks for 
the letter from the King, but it came without either seal or direction ; 

URZ 


308 


1669. 


May 3? 


May 3. 
Whitehall. 


[May 3.] 


May 3. 
Whitehall. 


May 3. 


May 3. 
Chatham. 


May 3. 


May 4. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


pray rectify this, and send me another letter by the copy in the 
Signet Office, that I may get out of harm’s way. 1 parted 
with the Duchess yesterday at Whitchurch, and meet her to- 
morrow at Conway; when I come to Dublin I will write. Watt. 
Bagot and Jack OiHley are here, and when they have seen me 
to the waterside, they start for London. [2 pages. SP. Dom., 
Car. IT, 259, No. 168.] 

Petition of Thos. Richardson to the King, for leave for Sir Thos. 
Beaumont, High Sheriff of Leicestershire, to appear at the Common 
Pleas bar on 12 May, as witness in an action between him and 


Sir Thos. Doleman, upon a title of land. [Jbid. No. 169.]} 


The King to the Vice-Treasurer of Ireland. We have promised 
to give 4,0007. to Catherine Boynton, maid of honour to the Queen, 
in consideration of her services, and the merits of her father, Col. 
Matthew Boynton, who was killed in the late King’s service, and 
also to promote her marriage with Col. Rich. Talbot. You are to 
pay the money from the revenues of Ireland, one moiety during 
the present year, the other in the year 1670. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 24, p. 39.] 

Draft of the above, naming the sum at 6,0001. [Unfinished. 
S.P. Dom., Car. II. 259, No. 169A.] 

Licence to Lawrence Cole, citizen of London, to export 3 horses 
into France, paying customs. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, 
Jf. 100.] 

Warrant for a release and discharge to Gilbert Garrett, executor 
of the late George Steward, accountant for public moneys, for 2001., 
and to Rich. Kett and Dan. Bradford for 5l. 14s. 54d., which they 
acknowledged, before the Commissioners appointed to inquire after 
public moneys in Norfolk, to remain in their hands, on their pay- 
ment thereof; also warrant for a grant of the said sums to Sir 
Edw. Savage, gentleman of the privy chamber, for his loyalty to 
the late and present King. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 26, f. 59.] 


John Moore and Edw. Moorcock to the Navy Commissioners. 
We cannot remove the Oak for want of the lighters which are 
employed with the ships ordered to sea. We beg further orders, 
and a supply of victuals. [S.P.Dom., Car. II. 259, No. 170.] 


The King to the Master, &c., of Christ’s College, Cambridge. 
You obeyed our mandate in the election to a fellowship of Thos. 
Lovet, B.A., being of a Southern county, though not a foundation 
scholar. We now require you to admit John Andrews, B.A., who 
is a foundation scholar, to the next fellowship, though he be of the 
same county as Lovet, any statute to the contrary notwithstanding. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 27, f. 147.] 


Roger Baker, late purser of the Dartmouth, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. I am in a deplorable condition, owing to Capt. Rich. 
Trevanion’s barbarous beating, and his wasting my stores. I beg 
for a protection till I have passed my intricate accounts, which 
will take time, as I am 5 years in arrears; my creditors have 
threatened to clap me into prison, by reason of my dismissal by 
the unjust sentence of the court martial. Thanks for your having 


1669. 


May 4. 
Woolwich. 


May 4. 


Woolwich, 


May 4. 


May 4. 
Portsmouth. 


May 4. 
Deal. 


May 4. 


CHARLES II. 309 


moved his Royal Highness on my behalf ; I beg this further favour, 
seeing that malice has been the cause of my ruin, which will be 
irreparable if not supported by you. I hope my captain may not 
receive his wages, until satisfaction is given me for the abuses and 
damages sustained through him. [S.P. Dom., Cur. II. 259, No. 171.] 


Capt. W. Hannam to the Navy Commissioners. I sounded 
the Gallions lately, and found not so much water as at Woolwich ; 
only small frigates will ride there, and the channel is so narrow 
that there is no room for a ship to wind. I will sound it again, 
but I know that no ship of consequence will lie there. The Ruby 
grounds for the want of taking out her cask, although not draw- 
ing 14 feet of water. I want orders about 5 watermen living here, 
who pull down the wrecks lying here. [Jbid. No. 172.] 

Edw. Byland to Pepys. I fear [Walter] Stafford will not com- 
plete the pinnaces in the time fixed, but have lent him assistants. 
I want a spindle for the crane, and orders to Mr. Shish to send 
down ecalkers for the Portsmouth and Centurion, and also some 
broom and spars. We are working on the new ship, and intend to 
haul the Centurion ashore, and finish the Success and Assistance. 
The party that gave 320/. for the House of Sweden will not gain 
much by her, as there is a great deal of tough work about the gun- 
deck, and they can work but little in a tide. [2 pages. Ibid. 
No. 173.] 


John Huntington to the Navy Commissioners. I beg directions 
to the victualler to receive the remains of provisions aboard the 
Adam and Eve hoy, she having been paid off and discharged. 
[Zbid. No. 174.] 

Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I expect 
directions as to paying the Mary and Bristol. We are going on 
with the Primrose, and intend paying off the Tiger to-morrow, all 
of which may take in their provisions in a few days, after being 
graved. The Dragon has sailed from Spithead, and the Deptford 
ketch to the eastward, and the Portsmouth will follow. We want 
a supply of spars, masts, and broom. [Jbid. No. 175.] 


B. St. Michel, muster master, to Pepys. The Nonsuch arrived in 
the Downs on the 30th. I went aboard and mustered her, although 
the captain was very high, and said I should not do it. I desire 
you will acquaint the Board of the absence of the purser, and of 
the continual absence of pursers from their ships; they come on 
shore as soon as they hear there is a muster master in the Downs, 
and take horse for London, so that their stewards may have the 
excuse that they have carried away the keys, and cannot come at 
the books, except the mess book, wherein there are neither entries 
nor discharges. I request that orders may be given for the pursers 
being on board, and furnishing the books required, so as to enable 
me to make a proper muster. I have sent three muster books for 
ships named by the Canterbury coach, and beg an acknowledgment 
of their arrival. [14 pages. Ibid. No. 176.] 

Warrant prohibiting the exportation of stone from the isle of 
Portland, without leave of Dr. Chris. Wren, surveyor of the works, 


310 


1669. 


May 4. 


May 4. 


Portsmouth. 


May 4. 


Portsmouth. 


May 4. 


May 4. 


May 4? 


May 4. 


May 4. 


May 5. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


as there has been much waste of stone there, whereby the pier is 
decayed, and the price of stone enhanced, and as stone is much 
needed for repair of the King’s houses and St. Paul’s. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 129.] 


A. Ellis to Williamson. Pray use your influence in getting the 
bearer admitted to an interest in’ the lottery. He is a countryman 
of mine, and served his Majesty in the wars, for which he has been 
involve | in the common suffering, and his father has disinherited 
him. I solicited Lord Arlington on his behalf, who promised that, 
on your return, all should be done that the affair would bear. 
ISP Dom., Car. IT, 259, No. 177.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Departure of the Deptford 
ketch ; the Dragon still remains at Spithead, ready for sea. [Zbid. 
No. 178.] 


B. J[ohnson] to Williamson. The Dragon is gone for the Downs, 
and the Deptford and Portsmouth ketches for Deptford. The 
Bristol and 3 others are being graved and fitted. [Jbid. No. 179.] 


Cary Heydon to Williamson. Has Lord Arlington seconded 
Prince Rupert by speaking to the Commissioners for Indigent 
Officers, who best knew my father, Sir John Heydon’s great merits ? 
If so, I shall then find no opposition with regard to the share I 
expect. As I can get no other consideration from Court, I hope 
you will so far contribute to the memorable ashes of my father, by 
putting his lordship in mind of the misfortunes of his unfortunate 
daughter. [Jbid. No. 180.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of 
Lady Fanshaw, widow of Sir Rich. Fanshaw, for discharge of 
her account for plate in the Jewel House. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 33, p. 21.] l 


Warrant for a release in form given to Ann, widow of Sir Rich. 
Fanshaw, for large quantities of silver plate as described, delivered 
from the Jewel House to ker late husband, for his embassies in 
Spain and Portugal, which sbould have been returned thither ; 
but his death being in time of war, she dared not send the plate by 
sea, and had it broken up for convenience of land carriage; it could 
not therefore be given in to the Jewel House, and 2,000/. paid in by 
her has been accepted instead, in consideration of the services of her 
husband. [3 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 259, No. 181.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of 
Mat. Clarke, for certain houses in Whitechapel and Cripplegate, 
discovered by him. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 21.) 


Reference to Lord Keeper Bridgman of the petition of John Buck- 
ner, and 3 other executors of the late James Pitt, for a commission 
of review, to determine some controversies arising in the trust, 


[Lbed. p. 22.] 


Licence for Ayscough to travel. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 130.] A 


CHARLES IT. sll 


1669. 
| May [4]. Regulations to be observed by the Fellows and students of King’s, 
Trinity, and St. John’s Colleges, on the visit of the Prince of Tuscany 
to Cambridge. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 259, No. 182.] 


May 5. Dr. Thos. Lamplugh to Williamson. The Prince of Tuscany was 
St. aie Hall, solemnly received at St. Alban’s Hall yesterday. A degree was 
ae proffered him and declined, but his physician was admitted, which, 
with a speech by the public orator, was all that was done. Par- 
ticulars of „his reception at Magdalen, All Souls, St. John’s, and 
Christ Church. The Vice-Chancellor and several doctors waited 
on him at his inn, the Angel, and thanked him for honouring the 
University with his presence. He attended Convocation, having a 
seat as high as the Vice-Chancellor’s; thence he went to the 
library, and was received with a speech, heard a lecture on archi- 
tecture by Dr. Wallis, and also one on moral philosophy, which was 
disputed very well by two tabarders of Queen’s College; thence 

to the music school, and back to his lodgings. [/bid. No. 183.] 


May 5. Petition of Wenceslaus Libanus to the King, for the living of 

Whitehall. St. Andrew's, Walpole, co. Norfolk, value 100/.a year. Was born 
in Moravia, and is a member of the poor persecuted Bohemian 
churches ; has been tossed up and down the world for 40 years, and 
afterwards brought into England, where having attained a know- 
ledge of the English tongue, he put himself into holy orders, and 
has been a constant preacher in co. Herts for 5 years as a curate. 
With reference thereon to Walter, Bishop of Oxford, and his report 
that the petitioner is every way qualified for the favour he desires. 
[Zbid. No. 184.] Annexing, 

Certificate by Dr. John Durel, that Wenceslaus Libanus, a 
priest of the Church of England, is a learned and sober 
man, and a very good preacher.—28 April 1669. [Ibid. 
No. 1841.] 

May 5. Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, 
p. 22. 

May 5. Certificate by Sir John Frederick, Justice of the Peace for 
London, that Hans Peterson, an alien, has taken the oath of allegi- 
ance and supremacy. ` [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 259, No. 185.] 

May 5. Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Arrival of 2 Virginia ships, sup- 

Deal. posed to have been lost; 80 sail have come in since Friday. The 

Algiers ships plunder our merchantmen in the Straits. A ship 
bound for Tangiers came in to-day. [Lbid. No. 186.] 


May 5. Petition of John Lewis of Clanfield, Hants, to the King. My 
father, Dr. Henry Lewis, late Master of St. Cross, sent the late King 
5001. and 4 good horses, besides several other sums, for which he 
was plundered by the enemy to the value of 3,000). By his will, 
upon record in the Prerogative Office, he bequeathed the said 5001. 
to me, and I beseech his Majesty to make it good. Ihave Mr. Allen’s 
hand for its receipt into the late King’s privy purse. My father also 
bestowed 4007. upon the rebuilding of St. Cross Mills, which I hold 
by lease at about 14l. a year; by reason of the great charge I have 
been at in improving the same, together with the cheapness of corn, 


312 


1669 


May 5. 


May 5. 
Cambridge. 


May 6. 


May 6. 


May 6. 
Whitehall. 


May 6. 
Deptford. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


breaking of my tenant in the said mills, and the heavy double 
taxes imposed, I have become in arrear for 2 years, and for non- 
payment, am in danger of being turned out of possession. 

I beg, in consideration of my father’s sufferings, that I may be 
continued in possession, and that satisfaction may be given for the 
said 500l., partly out of these arrears of rent, partly out of the 
growing profits of the hospital, during the vaancy of a master, as far 
as it may amount, and the rest in any other way that his Majesty 
shall think fit. With reference thereon to the Treasury Com- 
missioners June 17. [23 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 259, No. 187.] 


Dr. Fdw. Castell to Williamson. I beg you to defer inserting a 
paper I sent in for the Gazette until the 13th, as the necessity of 
presenting the King, Lord Arlington, and the Dean of the chapel 


all their books together requires it. [Jbid. No. 188.] <Annemed, 


Memorandum that the long-eapected Heptaglot Lexicon being 
finished, and notice given that the copies are to be delivered 
out every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday to subscribers, 
at a warehouse in the Charterhouse, between 8 and 12 a.m. 
and 2 to 6 p.m.; as the Doctor [Castell] is to wait wpon the 
delivery of the books himself, and is at a great charge, the 
warehouse will not be open longer than a fortnight, since 
after that time, he must attend upon another employment at 
Cambridge. [Ibid. No. 1881.] 


Dr. Ralph Cudworth to Williamson. I have seen the gentleman 
that I recommended, and as you have assured your assistance in the 
preservation of the freedom of the [Christ’s] College, so as not to 
have unfit persons imposed upon us for our chief preferments, and 
to be our perpetual companions, I will assist him to the utmost of 
my ability, as D. ©. [Damaris Cudworth] will also do. [Ibid. 
No. 189. See p. 331, infra.] 


[Approbation of] Sir Edm. Jennings and 2 others as deputy- 
lieutenants for the West Riding of Yorkshire. Minute. ([SP. 
Dom., Eutry Book 20, p. 197.] 


Passport for transporting 7 coach horses into Sweden, for the use 
of the Earl of Carlisle, Ambassador to that Court. Minute. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 100.] 


Passport for Mat. Battaglia, an Italian, the King’s servant, who 
has desired leave of absence for 3 or 4 months, to attend to his own 
business in Italy. (Latin. Foreign Entry Book 12, p. 220.] 


Jonas Shish and 3 other officers to the Navy Commissioners. Ask 
for a warrant for a new fence, between the Brick Close and the way 
leading to Sir Rich. Browne’s; the present one being a low, old, and 
decayed pale, there are many embezzlements from the yard, and 
the men employed many times come that way out of the town, and 
answer to their names at call time, when they have not been at 
work. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 259, No. 190.] Enclosing, 


Estimate for a wall of 22 rods, 10 feet high and 2 bricks thick 
from the foundation to 2 feet, and the rest one brick and a 
half; total, 901. 4s. [Ibid. No. 1901.] 


1669. 
-` May 6. 
Deptford. 


May 6. 


May 6. 


Portsmouth. 


May 6. 
Whitehall. 


CHARLES IL. 313 


Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. I have acquainted the 
calkers with your warrant for sending them to Woolwich; they 
answer that they have neither money nor credit, nor meat nor 
drink, when they get there. We are calking the London, &c., and 
have only 13 men, 4 of whom have left, to work on merchant 
ships, although warned. I want a supply of plank. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 259, No. 191.] 


Thos. Alexander and Thos. Carter to the Navy Commissioners. 
Being bound for sea in the Jersey, we beg your direction to the 
Governors of the Chest, to pay us the pension of Wm. Corbet, purser 
of the Coventry, having made it appear to the Commissioners of 
Parliament that he made away with our tickets, and having a 
warrant from them to take him into custody, and to stop his 
pension towards satisfaction. With shorthand notes of a reply. 
[I[bid. No. 192.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. Particulars 
of the payment and repair of ships, and turning over of their men. 
I am sorry for your difficulty in obtaining money, not so much for 
myself, although I have gone too far by near 1,000/.; but I am 
troubled to think of the condition of the Navy, that a ship three- 
quarter built should lie another year unfinished, and that we can- 
not proceed with the repair of others, for want of materials. We 
must discharge the workmen also, and if without money, their 
cry will be great; my ears are daily filled with their complaints. 
I entreat that they may speedily receive their two months past, 
and the quarter promised them. 

I will let Capt. Deane have 40 men from here for the forest, 
as notwithstanding they are required in the yard, yet the want of 
materials being considered, they may be better spared than that 
number added to the service. 

I cannot give an account of my engagements, but the value is 
about 3,000/., fitting out the ships included; this sum will make 
but a mean supply of timber and plank, works in hand considered ; 
so that were the 500/. in Mr. Ridge’s hands sure, it would make but 
2,1002., which is 900/. short of what is agreed for; if money cannot 
be had, I must relinquish the bargain with Mr. Cozens for the 
302 trees, which will be to his damage, they being in part already 
squared; but he would rather you should leave the bargain, than 
disappoint him of his money. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 193.] 


Petition of Sir Wm. Wray, Bart., to the King. Sir Henry Vane, 
junr., who was attainted of high treason, having during my minority, 
in the lifetime of Sir Christopher Wray, my late father, married my 
eldest sister, my father used the name of the said Sir Henry Vane 
in trust in divers settlements concerning his estate, and for raising 
portions for his other daughters, My mother, Dame Albinia Wray, 
also purchased certain lands with moneys received by her out of the 
trust estate, and with other moneys paid her by me, and took the con- 
veyances in her own name, and that of Sir Henry Vane, whom she 
appointed one of her executors; so that the conveyances and writ- 
ings coming to his hands, as executor, after my mother’s death, they 


alé. 


1669. 


May 6. 
May 6. 


Newmarket. 


May 6. 
Queen’s 
College, 
Oxford. 


May 6. 
Letter Office. 


May 6. 


May 6. 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


have been detained from me, and could not be enrolled by me within 
the time limited, and by reason thereof, they have, according to 
law, become forfeited to his Majesty, although in equity still sub- 
ject to the trusts in the conveyances mentioned. I beg a grant of 
the legal estate vested in your Majesty for want of the enrolment 
of these conveyances. 

With reference thereon to Attorney-General Palmer, and his 
report. I found the facts generally as stated by the petitioner, and 
that although he is advised by his counsel that his deeds need no 
enrolling, yet the estate in law which was in Sir Henry Vane, being 
forfeited by Vane’s attainder, although the petitioner’s trust and 
equity is not forfeit, I conceive it fit that he should obtain a grant 
from your Majesty, for the execution of the trust—14 May, 1669. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 259, No. 194.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 23.] 


Michael Haley to [Francis]. I am sorry I could not see the 
gentleman you mention. Remember me to Mrs. Moundeford, 
Mr. Widdrington, and Capt. Davenport. [Jbid. No. 195.] 


Dr. Thos. Barlow to Williamson. I acknowledge receipt of a 
censure on some books which are damned at Rome, and believe my 
thanks are due to you tor it. The Prince of Tuscany arrived here 
late on Monday night, and on Tuesday, had all the reception and 
respect the University could give. The public Professors were in 
every school, some of whom he was pleased to hear, and stayed 
through the disputations on philesophy. “Iam well pleased that 
our cld mother hath still some young sons that will and can 
nimbly defend truth, and our old philosophy.” [Ibid. No. 196.] 


James Hickes and A. Ellis to Williamson. The delay in deliver- 
ing these letters is caused by the porter sometimes being away on 
other business. Pray speak to Lord Arlington that we may 
have 2 men always ready here for the despatch requisite. [Zbid. 
No. 197.] 


James Ghibbes to Lord [Arlington]. Though I sent you a book 
2 years since, printed by Sir Wm. Temple’s means at Brussels, 
consecrated to the glory of your name, which has never been ac- 
knowledged, it will not dismay or keep me back from persevering 
to gain your grace and protection in my literary endeavours. I 
send you a copy of my Latin Lyrics, printed in Rome, and dedicated 
to his Holiness, written to the imitation of just as many books and 
odes of Horace. Our grand Monarch makes a great part in it, as 
actor of many heroic and prodigious achievements. 1 have 9 other 
volumes ready for the press, of equal size, in Greek and Latin, prose 
and. verse, and shall petition his Majesty for leave to gild the 
frontispiece of the best with the brightness of his royal splendours. 
Mediate for the clemency of his gracious acceptance of the book 
sent, and of the one that is to come. [Jbid. No. 198.] 


J. Williamson to the Dean of Christ Church. [Rich.] March, an 
ancient and faithful servant to his Majesty, has applied for a letter 
of recommendation in favour of his grandchild, a young scholar at 


1669. 


May 7. 


May 7: 


May 7. 
Whitehall. 


May 7. 


[May 7.] 
May 7. 


May 7. 


May 7. 


CHARLES ILI. 313° 


Westminster, to be chosen away to Oxford the next election, he 
being of years and proficiency sufficient to render him deserving of 
that encouragement, His Majesty, being very willing to gratify 
an old servant in so small a matter, directed that it should be done, 
but being desirous that mandamuses should not issue too lightly, 
in cases of this kind, as being of ill consequence to the foundation 
of all learning, I had his leave to send this letter, believing it will 
have the same effect as if a mandamus had been issued, and yet the 
freedom of the election will remain entire. [Draft. S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 259, No. 199.] Annexing, 


Petition of Rich. March, his Majesty’s servant, to the King, for 
a letter to the Dean of Christ Church, Oxford, for the election 
of his grandchild, who has been 6 or 7 years at Westminster, 
and is of good parts and endowments. [Lbid. No. 1991.] 


Petition of Robert Clavell to Lord Arlington. Having been a 
post-office clerk 3 years, I collected the names of all booksellers 
in the 3 kingdoms, and by permission of the Booksellers’ Company 
of London, have printed and dispersed a catalogue of new books, 
which has gained reputation; but I am threatened that another 
catalogue will be licensed and printed, unless I can show a better 
title to mine than Mr. Lestrange can give me. I beg a patent for 
my catalogue, to be entitled “ Mercurius Librarius,” that I may 
set up a correspondence in foreign cities. [/bid. No. 200.] 


Agreement between John Starkey and Rob. Clavell, that the 
“ Mercurws Librarws,” or catalogue of new books, shall be collected 
by them jointly, and the profits shared ; that each copy shall contain 
their joint names, and notice of sale at John Starkey’s, The Mitre, 
Fleet Street, and that Starkey may insert free any books published 
by himself. [Zbid. No. 201.] 


Order in Council—on petition of Albert Otto Faber, 6 months’ 
prisoner in Oxford gaol, for release,—that Lord Arlington give a 
warrant to John Sumner, messenger, who had him formerly in cus- 
tody, to fetch him to appear before his lordship. [Jbid. No. 202.] 


Warrant for erecting an office of chemical physician to the King, 
fee 20 marks a year, and appointing Dr. Thos. Williams thereto, 
his Majesty wishing to encourage so important an art, and hearing 
of the extraordinary learning and skill which he shows in com- 
peunding and inventing medicines, some of which have been pre- 
pared in the royal presence ; with leave to make experiments in all 
his Majesty’s chemical laboratories. [Jbid. No. 203.] 


Draft of the above, curtailed. [Jbid. No. 204.] 
Minute of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 129.] 


Docquet of the above, dated 9 June. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 55.] 

Grant to Jeremiah Houghton of the office of keeper of the 
Armoury at Westminster, wages 12s. a day. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, p. 129.] 

Presentation of Weneslaus Libanus to the living of St. Andrew’s 
in Walpole, co. Norfolk. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, f. 104] 


316 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. 
May [14]. Copy of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. 1I. 259, No. 205.] 
May. Docquets of the above, dated 14 May and 1 May. [Docquet, 
Vol. 24, Nos. 43, 49.] 
May 7. Warrant for naturalising three foreign ships employed in the 


trade to Norway and the Baltic, conformably to an order of Council 
of 23 April 1669. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 180.] 


May 7. James Hickes to Williamson. Divers letters of late directed to 

London. Mr. Holder, at the African House, have come to the Letter Office, two 
of which he opened and read, and then gave them back, refusing to 
pay the postage, as there was treason in them, for aught he knew, 
and from whom and whence they came he knew not. I gave them 
to Mr. Ellis, who delivered them tomy Lord. More have since come 
from the same hand, which Ellis showed me, all speaking of per- 
sons coming to the city, with fire balls and grenadoes, to fire White- 
hall, the stables, and his house in Broad Street. In one to-day, 
divers persons are specified as coming to the Strand to-night, and 
to other places to-morrow. I know not whether the letters come 
from some mad or distempered person, but a serious consideration 
and inquisition ought to be had, for the preservation of his 
Majesty’s person, the whole Court, and the remaining part of the 
distressed city. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 259, No. 206.] 


May 7. Order by the Committee of Accounts, directing William Wardour, 
Brooke House, Clerk of the Pells, to bring in without delay an account of all 
Holborn. moneys received and paid at the Exchequer, upon the Acts of 
Parliament for raising moneys by the Poll, Additional supply, &c., 
according to a former order of the Committee, dated 5 March 1669, 

[Zbid. No. 207.] 


May 7. John Moore and Edw. Moorcock to the Navy Commissioners, 

Chatham. We shall, as ordered, neither enter men nor increase the charge until 
further directions. We are exceedingly straitened for victuals, 
which have been finished 14 days; so we are forced to procure 
some on credit until an order is received, which we desire by the 
master of the Harwich hoy, whose victualling is also expired. We 
beg a month’s provision, which is in good part expended already. 
[Zbid. No. 208.] 


May 7. John Garratt to the Navy Commissioners. Having received 
The Elias neither victuals nor pay for 14 months, I beseech you to consider 
Hulk. my condition, being 7 in family. I have empowered Wm. 
Hewer, by letter of attorney, to receive money on my behalf, 

[Zbid. No. 209.] 


May 8. John Brooke to the Navy Commissioners. The Revenge and 
St. David have been docked and graved, the Dreadnought docked 
again, and the Montague is at her moorings. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 
260, No. 1.] 


May 8. Jonas Shish [to the Navy Commissioners]. Intends getting in 
Deptford. the beams of the London next week ; is in great want of knees 
formerly demanded. As now is the season for felling, if they 


1669. 


May 8. 
Chatham. 


May 8. 


Wooiwich. 


May 8. 
The Orange, 
Downs. 


May 8. 


May 8. 
May 8. 


Court at 
Whitehall. 


May 8. 
Lyme. 


CHARLES II. 317 


will send to the purveyor to search Berkshire and Sussex, he may 
have the first opportunity to supply the service with knees, before 
the shipwrights in the river lay hold of them; by reason of so 
many ships’ building, they will become very scarce. [Jbid. No. 2.] 

John Brooke and Edw. Homewood to the Navy Commissioners. 
Ask for 10 or 12 Spanish tables, being constrained to disfurnish 
the Revenge and other ships, to supply the Mary Rose and others 
fitting out; also for orders as to proceeding with the works of the 
Revenge and St. David, both being docked. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 
260, No. 3.] 

Wm. Castell and Abraham Greaves to the Navy Commissioners. 
Have surveyed the wreck of the Royal James, and received infor- 
mation from Messrs. Byland & Shish, touching the works pro- 
pounded to make her a hulk, but do not think her convenient for 
one, unless she is made shorter, the doing of which, and the other 
works, will amount to 1,982/. [Zbid. No. 4.] 


Capt. Andrew Ball to the Navy Commissioners. I will, as ordered, 
reduce the number of my men forthwith. There are no ships here 
bound for the Straits, except the Dragon, which may have them all; 
if she will not, I will put them on shore at Deal. I want 40 printed 
tickets, and beg to be allowed 10 men more. [Jbid. No. 5.] 


Warrant to the Treasury Commissioners, to order the Surveyor- 
General to make out a contract of Audley End, co. Essex, which 
the King is purchasing from the Earl of Suffolk for 50,000/., and on 
their approval thereof, to order the Attorney-General to prepare 
conveyances to the Crown. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 26, f. 60.] 


Warrant for a grant of a pension of 2001. a year for 21 years to 
Catherine, widow of Col. Gunter, who was instrumental in the 
King’s happy escape after the battle of Worcester. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Books 30, f. 130 ; 21, p. 75.] 

Docquet of the above, dated 17 May. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 44.] 

The King to Lord-General the Duke of Albemarle. We have 
appointed, by advice of Prince Rupert, a major in Windsor Castle, to 
have charge of opening and shutting the gates, and other duties, 
and have allowed him the pay of 3 common soldiers of the castle. 
We nish you to order the commissary of musters to muster one man 


in each of the 3 companies belonging to the castle, for the said ser- 
vice. [Copy. S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 260, No. 6.] 


Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30 f, 134.] 


Warrant to Lord Ashley, treasurer for prizes, to pay to Sir Stephen 
Fox 1,5007, without account. Noted as entered by Lord Arlington 
as comptroller of prizes, June 30. With Sir S. Fox’s receipt of the 
same, July 3. [Copy. SP. Dom., Car. II. 260, No. 7.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. The Charity and St. George have arrived 
from Croisic; also the Greyhound from Genoa, who fell in with 
4 Turkish men-of-war, the Admiral of which boarded him, but only 
took a chest of lemons and some mathematical instruments. They 
were very inquisitive about a Spanish ship that was to set out 
from Alicant Bay, with 300 or 400 soldiers and provisions, for a 


318 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. 
place on the coast of Barbary held by the Spaniards from the Turks, 
and said their business was to look after them. An Algiers man 
and Sally man also came into the fleet, but finding so much good 
company, left them. 

The Lily Rose, from Morlaix, reoprts that the soldiers raised for 
Candia are shipped from Brest; that they con'inue building great 
ships there, and that a proclamation has been issued by the French, 
laying an imposition of 27 livres, besides the tonnage, upon all 
Dutch and English ships which shall come into that river. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 260, No. 8.] 


May 8. Morgan Lodge to Williamson. I sent away the former packet, 
Deal. but this last is come too late. [Zbid. No. 9.] 


May 9. Dr. Ralph Cudworth [Master of Christ’s College, Cambridge] to 
Williamson. I perceive you have read the letter I sent by my son, 
Dr. Abney. I must intimate to you that the Fellows have a person 
of a peaceable disposition, whom they can choose without any dis- 
pensation, and whether I agree or not, as the major part makes 
an election without the master; but if any fit person be recom- 
mended by the King, I believe they will be very ready to manifest 
their loyalty by accepting him. Besides the unfitness of your 
person, the consequence of his coming in will so disturb the happi- 
ness and comfort of all our lives, that if you will endeavour to 
satisfy Lord Arlington, and take him off from urging Mr. F[anshaw ] 
upon us, | shall feel bound to serve you whilst I live. [12 pages. 
Ibid. No. 10. See p. 321.] 


May 9. Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Ten merchant ships have sailed 
Deal. westward, also the Nonsuch and some victuallers for Tangiers and 
the Straits. The Dragon, and the merchant ship whose master 

was buried last Friday, are in the Downs. [Jbid. No. 11.] 


May 9. Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. This spring[tide] the Resolution 
and 2 others were graved and fitted for sea; the Monmouth and 
4 others were paid off, and order is come for the like to be done to 
the rest of Sir Thos, Allin’s squadron. [Ibid. No. 12.] 


May 9? Petition of Thos. Killigrew, Groom of the Bedchamber, to the 

Whitehall. King, for a grant of such goods, &c., as he shall discover of [Kdw.] 
Oram, otherwise called Capt. Birch, apprehended for clipping and 
filing coin. [Ibid. No. 12a.] 

May 9. Caveat that no grant pass of Edw. Oram, alias Capt. Birch’s, 
estate without giving notice to Mr. Killigrew. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 32, p. 5.] 


May 9. Warrant for 30 suits of arms out of the Tower, for Sir Thos. 
Armstrong’s troop. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 130.] 


May 9. Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I will 
Portsmouth. observe your directions, when the money comes for pay ment of the 
Mary and Bristol. The ships are all graved and off the ground, 
and I shall quicken them with their victualling. The seamen are 
very remiss in their attendance, and neither commands, threaten- 
ings, nor advice prevail with them ; we are forced to have labourers 

out of the yard, or their work would be undone, 


1669. 


May 9. 


Portsmouth. 


May 9. 


May 10. 


May 10. 


May 10. 
Chatham. 


May 10. 
Whitehall. 


CHARLES II. 319 


It grieves me to hear the sad complaints of the workmen for 
want of money ; the discontinuance of their monthly pay will ruin 
them, as it has put them out of credit, and none will trust them. 
I refer you to my last as to a supply of stores; you very well 
know that want of seasonable repairs is as destructive to a navy 
of ships as the wars. 

I have stopped the pay of the boatswairt of the Nightingale, several 
of the seamen accusing him of having sent ropes, oars, and sails on 
shore, belonging to the ship. I sent the Clerk of the Survey on 
board the Princess, and he found 42 coils of Flemish rope in the 
boatswain’s store room, which he alleges were sent by Sir Edw. 
Sprage as an adventure, but not sold | off. [13 pages. S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 260, No. 13.] 


Hugh Salesbury, Clerk of the Survey, to Pepys. I went on board 
the Princess to survey the stores; and after | hal made an end, 
I got a candle, and went into the hold, and found 42 coils of 


- Flemish cordage, which the boatswain says belongs to Sir Edw. 


Spragg, and has been in the ship all the voyage, he not liking the 
rates offered for it abroad, being 7 and 10 dollars. Enquiries should 
be made as to the truth of his statement, before any application 
can be made to Sir Edw. Spragg or the captain. [Zbid. No. 14.] 


M. Wren to Pepys. When the Board at tends his Royal Highness 
to-morrow, they are to be prepared to give an opinion which 
of the Sth-rate frigates will Le most fitting to be sent to the 
West Indies. [Zbid. No. 15.] 


Sir John Mennes to the Duke of York. I have read over the 
general and additional instructions established by you, for com- 
manders and others belonging to the Navy, and observe they are so 
comprehensive in declaring every person’s duty, that if they were 
observed, there would be no need of any addition to them; but the 
want of the performance of them occasions the suggestion of 
6 amendments or additions, as to making and keeping journals, 
entries and discharges, expenses, &c. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 16.] 


Capt. Andrew Ball to the Navy Commissioners. I have reduced 
my complement of men to 40, and send a list of those put on 
shore, the remainder being taken by the leutenant of the Dragon. 
Having no tickets on board, and being ordered to sail with the 
Nonsuch, I send a true copy of the entry and discharge of the men 
in a list enclosed. [Jbid. No. 17.] 


Phin. Pett to the Navy Commissioners. I have docked the 
Revenge and two others, and require 3 cwt. of copper and other 
things named for despatch of their works. Mr. Steere will make 
no absolute bargain for his timber till it has been viewed, but asks 
58s. a load, to be paid on delivery of every 50 loads. The car- 
penters of those ships ordered for sea desire to have most of their 
crew out of the King’s yard here; if this he done, I beg your 
warrant to the Clerk of the Cheque for entering others in their 
room, as we much want men. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 18.] 


Petition of John Sharpe, prisoner at Maidstone, to the King, 
Was convicted at the Maidstone Assizes of the murder of George 


320) 


1669. 


May 10. 


May 10. 
Whitehall. 


May 10. 


May 10. 
May 10. 


Rydal. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Whitfield, of which he was innocent, the said Whitfield having 
been killed by a pistol discharged at him by Wm. Browne, whom 
he had first assaulted, and who escaped. Upon the petition of 
Mathew Sharpe and Abraham Hosmer, the petitioner’s father and 
father-in-law, and a certificate by the justices for the county, his 
Majesty was pleased to reprieve him until the next Assizes ; now 
he presumes to beg for his life. 

With reference thereon to Justice Morton, and his report that 
Whitfield came to his death by Wm. Browne, alias Granger, a 
notorious forger, shooting him, but that petitioner was found 
guilty as a principal; believes he was not wilfully guilty of any 
premeditated malice, but casually fell into the crime by being in 
company with Browne, alias Granger ; as the petitioner and his 
friends have undertaken to be instrumental in discovering and 
apprehending Granger, conceives him to be a fit object of his 
Majesty’s mercy. [S.P. Dom. Car. II. 260, No. 19.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 24.] 


Warrant for a grant of pardon to Sharpe, accordingly. [S.P. Dom. 
Car. IT. 260, No. 20.] 

Paper endorsed “Ceremonial of the Guards,” being questions 
and answers [by Lord Arlington] as to the precedence and rule to 
be observed by regiments generally in marching. The 4 regiments 
are to march and keep their rank according to the antiquity of the 
regiment, and so with all other regiments. The colonel of the 
regiment of his Majesty’s foot shall be looked upon and obeyed as 
general officer in the field, as well as in the town, and shall com- 
mand both horse and foot; and the captains of the Guards of Horse 
shall be looked upon as colonels. [2 pages. Draft. Ibid. No. 21.] 

Fair copy of the above. [Jbid. No. 22.] 


Daniel Fleming to Williamson. Iam glad to hear of. your late 
purchase at Winderwath, since it will oblige you to have more 
kindness for this county [Westmoreland], and I hope it will make 
you a suitable return. I know of none that envies you this or 
your other purchase in Cumberland, and for my part I am very 
joyful of it. 

The Presbyterians are designing some mischief, for besides the 
boldness of the highwaymen in divers places, there are many false 
reports; such as that the Scots are up in arms; that the Bishops’ 
and Deans and Chapters’ lands will be sold, or annexed to the 
Crown, in place of the Excise or Hearth Money, and the Bishops 
be maintained by salaries out of the Exchequer. I believe mischicf 
is intended, as a field officer in the late war amongst them was told 
by one faction in Yorkshire that, if he would stand for a Parlia- 
ment man, he should not only have his charges of the election, but 
be defrayed during his stay at the Parliament, out of a common 
purse; and if he doubted, he should have good security. But he 
declining, they endeavoured to engage him and his interest 
against the election of any courtier, or episcopal person, which 
shows the activity of the party to undo us; if that fails, then 
probably they'll follow some martial method. “1 hope God will 
be so favourable as not to permit the King and Kingdom to be 


1669. 


May 10. 


Pendennis. 


May 11. 


Portsmouth. 


[Christ’s 
College, 


' Cambridge]. 


May 11. 


May 11. 


May 11. 


May 11 


Harwich. 


79330. 


CHARLES If. 32) 


twice cheated by one wick”; I presume all good subjects take 
it for granted that faction will strike at the Crown, as well as the 
mitre, and I hope his Majesty will ever remember King James's 
adage, “ No Bishop, no King.” [14 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. IT, 260, 
No. 23.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. A vessel has arrived from Norway 
with plank and deal boards. I wish some severe course could be 
taken with the fanatics, as all sorts increase, and keep their con- 
venticles daily, contrary to law and order. [Ibid. No. 24.] 


B. J. [Ben. Johnson] to Williamson. The Princess and 2 others 
were paid off last week, and this week the Mary and Bristol will 
be, as also the yard for the last 2 months. The Resolution, Mary, 
and Bristol have been graved. The Hamburg Merchant and a 
pink from London have arrived at Spithead, to take in pro- 
visions, &c., for Tangiers. [Zbid. No. 25.] 


Dr. John Carr to Williamson. I waited on the Vice-Chancellor, 
and related as pathetically as I could what you desired me to tell 
him on [Chris.] Barker’s behalf. Our master, Dr. [Ralph] Cudworth, 
and I resolved to do all we could for him, but I heard at a coffee- 
house that there was a congregation yesterday, at which a letter 
from the Chancellor was read, giving liberty, by the King’s late con- 
cession to the University, to choose whom they think fit as beadle, 
notwithstanding. his Majesty’s letter in Barker’s behalf; and both 
houses went up to desire the Vice-Chancellor that thanks might be 
returned to our Chancellor, in the name of the University. I wish 
Barker well, and thank you for the opportunity of his acquaint- 
ance. 

Remember me to Mr. Parrott. Mrs. Cudworth is impatient for 
a letter on her son’s behalf. You will soon have a representation 
from the major part of the College. I hope the Chancellor will 
take off Lord Arlington from [Chas.] Fanshaw. They talk here that 
you were too succinct in omitting in the Guzette the comedy at 
the Prince of Tuscany’s entertainment at Cambridge, and too 
copious in the narrative of his reception at Oxford.  [Jbid. 
No. 26.] 


Warrant to pay to Sir Denis Gauden, victualler of the Navy, 
11,2002. on account for sea victuals for 2,000 men for 6 months, above 
the 5,000 men’s victuals formerly directed. [Docquet, Vol. 24, 
No. 42.] 

Warrant to pay to the Farmers of the Customs all sums of money 
that shall be due to them, at the rate of 6/. per cent. per annum, 
for such sums as they shall advance to the Exchequer. [Jbid.] 


Warrant for a grant of pardon to Rich. Sabine, convicted at the 
Old Bailey of manslaughter of Wm. Norton, on foul and urgent 
provocation, [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 28, f. 23.] 

Thos. Langley to Pepys. The vessels laying upon the Ouse, for 
which the town of Harwich intends to petition his Majesty and his 
Royal Highness, are the bottoms of two old fireships, which during 
the late war were rendered unserviceable, and have lain there ever 

x 


322 


1669. 


May 11. 


Portsmouth. 


May 11. 


May 11. 


Portsmouth. 


May 12. 


May 12. 


May 12. 


May 12. 


[May 12.] 


May 12. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


since without furniture, masts, yards, or anything that can be 
carried away; they may be worth 80l. for breaking up. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. IT. 260, No. 27.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I have 
not seen Mr. Cozens about his timber, but believe he goes on squar- 
ing it; so I suppose he will not clear it. Mr. Ridge has an order 
for the 5007. ; 1,0007. more would pay for this timber, and that 
bought by Capt. Deane of Mayle. I am glad the 2 months’ pay is 
ordered, and hope it will not be long ere the quarter so long ex- 
pected is paid to the workmen, to put them in some heart and 
quicken their diligence. I send a demand of provisions required, 
and desire they may be hastened down, as they cannot be obtained 
in these parts; also the number of men appointed to the Resolu- 
tion and 2 other ships named, 820 in all, of which only 711 are 
entered. The Orange fireship having arrived at Spithead, I sent 
the letter to the captain, but have not seen him. [Jbid. No. 28.] 


Wm. Williamson to the Navy Commissioners. The Black Dog 
hoy has arrived at Deptford, with timber from Stockwith, and will 
be half unladen to-day ; our provisions being wholly expended, I 
desire you will direct the victualler for a supply. [Zbid. No. 29.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. I received your 
commands for building a fifth-rate ship along with the other; I 
pray dispatch of the order about the trees, having lost a month of 
such weather as will not be redeemed without loss, unless speedily 
prevented by your application to the [Treasury] Commissioners for 
the warrant. [Ibid. No. 30.] 


Sir Edw. Spragg to the Navy Commissioners. I sent a parcel 
of Dutch cordage belonging to Col. J. Strode, which he sent with 
the Antelope, Capt. Wilkshaw commander, into the Straits; he 
being ordered home, I left it with Capt. [Ant.] Langston, of the 
Princess, to be sold for my use. I wish it had been sold there; I 
should then not have an account of 10 coils stolen the day the ship 
was paid off. [Zbid. No. 31.] 


Capt. Hugh Ridley to Thos. Hayter. Asks for a blank ticket 
for Mrs. Wickham. [Jbid. No. 32.] 


Commissions for Edw. Harris to be lieutenant, and 
Broughton, ensign to Sir Bourchier Wray. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 20, p. 199.] 


Dispensation to Dr. John Neile to hold the rectory of Beeford, 
with the vicarage of Northallerton, co. York. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 19, p. 104.] 


Petition of Henry Wotton, chaplain to the House of Commons, 
to the King, for the prebend in Windsor void by the death of Dr. 
Rich. [David] Stokes, having relinquished a previous claim in behalf 
of a chaplain of Prince Rupert, and being commended by Prince 
Rupert to preferment. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 260, No. 33.] 


Warrant for a grant to Hen. Wotton, chaplain in ordinary, of the 


prebend in the Chapel Royal, Windsor, void by death of Dr. Stokes. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 27, f- 11.] 


1669. 
May 12. 


May 21. 
May 12. 


May 12. 


May 12. 
_ Whitehall. 


[May 12.] 
| Whitehall. j 


CHARLES II. 323 


Warrant to the Attorney-General to draw a bill as follows :—The 
King to the Treasury Commissioners and officers of the Exchequer. 
On some dispute as to the pensions granted 26 Oct., 1660, to John, 
Earl of Bath, made groom of the stole, and first gentleman of the 
bedchamber, in place of the late Duke of Somerset, it was proved 
that the Earl’s predecessors had enjoyed 5,0007. a year above the 
diet and board wages; viz., 2,000/. from the customs, 2,0007. from the 
privy purse in lieu of plate from the jewel house, and 1,0007. from 


the cvstoms in lieu of liveries from the great wardrobe ; therefore 


on 10 May 1661, the said Earl was appointed to be paid the said 
5,000. a year by warrant, till he should take out a patent. Since 
then he has had a patent for the 2,000/. on the customs, and now 
wishes one for the 3,000/., to be all paid in money, with 7,2507. 
arrears. We order for payment of the said 3,000/. in addition to the 
other 2,0007. for life, with all arrears; the patent to be entered in 
the jewel-house and wardrobe, and no more plate or liveries to be 
allowed him. [8 sheets. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 260, No. 34.] 


Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 131.] 
Docquet of the above dated 17 May. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 44.] 


Warrant for a grant to Thos. Windham, equerry, on petition of 
his wife Elizabeth, who assisted the King’s escape after the battle 
of Worcester, of a lease in reversion for 31 years, of Highbury 
Wood and Little St. John’s Wood, Middlesex, rent 4l. 11s. 8d.; the 
fishing at Cobham Bridge 5s.; a house called Walton’s Mess, Old 
Windsor, 4/.; 2 farms, 13.. 15s. 4d., and Avelyn’s grove 5s.,in New 
Windsor, Berks ; the tithes of Pedwelliston, Dorset, 4l. ; 4 prebends 
of Auckland, bishopric of Durham, 35/. 16s., and Southfield in Han- 
bridge, co. Chester, 21. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 134.] 


Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. II., No. 35.] 


Warrant from Lord Arlington to the keeper of the Gatehouse, to 
permit Everard ,a prisoner, to repair to his own house under a 
sufficient guard, to fetch such papers relating to prizes taken in the 
late war as may be useful to the Commissioners of Accounts now 
sitting at Brook House; and then Everard is to be reconveyed to 
prison. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 135.] 


Declaration of his Majesty’s approval of the accounts prefixed of 
J. Paul, Consul at Elsinore, for 3} years; although some articles 
in it seem rather to belong to the merchants for whose benefit they 
were expended, yet they are allowed, in consideration of his care and 
trouble during the late war with Denmark. [Jbid. p. 147.] 


Warrant to the keeper of Horsham gaol, Sussex, to release 
Ambrose Rigg and Wm. Welsh, convicted of a Premunire, petition 
having been made for them. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 260, No. 36.] 

Petition of Lieut.-Colonel Thomas Cox to the King, for admission 
as tenant to a small house in Bexley near Dartford, Kent, which 
belongs to the Crown, though there are many pretenders to it, on 
condition of his making out the title at his own charge, and re- 


pairing it. [Zbid. No. 37.] 


ae 


324 


1669. 


May 12. 


May 12. 
Whitehall. 


May #2. 


Saumur, 


May 12. 
Falmouth, 


May 12. 


May 12. 
Chester. 


May 13. 


Deal. 


May 12. 


Standon. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Reference of the preceding petition to the Treasury Commis- 
sioners. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 24.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of 
Chas. Charteris, merchant of Edinburgh, for the King’s part of the 
ship John Mussleborow, forfeited to his Majesty. [Zbid. p. 25.] 


Robt. Murray to Williamson. Thanks for your introduction to 
so learned a man as M. Lefevre; though he does not know phil- 
osophy nor mathematics, which I wish to know, he is so learned in 
other things that a man gains much by his conversation. Descrip- 
tion of Saumur. It has the best dancing-master in France, M. Jovert. 
I am learning mathematics from M. Mortaigne. I must apologize 
for my boldness in writing in French. [French. S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 260, No. 38.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. The James from Croisic, with salt, 
reports that the French are continually pressing for the fleet, and 
that they had to come away by stealth. The fleet at Rochelle is 
almost ready to put to sea, to join De Beaufort as succour for Candia: 
The Samuel and Ann of London, and the Diamond of Liverpool, 
have arrived from Barbadoes, with sugar and cotton, and report 
that Bridgetown is almost rebuilt. [Jbid. No. 39.] 


Same to Williamson, to the like effect. [Zbid. No. 40.] 


Ma. Anderton to Williamson. Last Sunday the Duchess of Ormond 
sailed from the Bay of Beaumaris for Dublin, in the pleasure boat, 
with a fair wind. [Jbid. No. 41.] 


Morgan Lodge to Williamson. Shall I return the two packets 
sent me, one directed to Col. Norwood, [Deputy] Governor of Tan- 
giers, and the other to Francis Parry in Portugal, there being no 
opportunity here of sending them? [Jbid. No. 42.] 


Walter, Lord Aston, to [Lord Arlington]. Thanks for proceed- 
ings taken with regard to my petition to the King, for payment of 
a debt due by the late King to my father. I cannot but lament 
that, after so many years spent by iny father in the service of King 
James and the late King, and the consumption therein of so great 
an estate, his Majesty cannot reward so loyal and deserving a ser- 
vant as he ought and would. But the thorn presses deeper now, 
as I am destroyed by a patent granted by his Majesty to Colonel 
Vernon which, if it does not absolutely determine my command in 
Needwood, so lessens it that in esteem I shall be worse than nothing ; 
his patent is for 3 lives, instead of during pleasure, which is con- 
trary to your lordship’s statement to me. 

Pray solicit a similar grant in my patent, which will restore my 
honour, and be a comfort to my family and posterity, as otherwise 
I shall be looked upon as one high in his Majesty’s displeasure. 
I conceive that Col. Vernon’s services merit great reward, but 
nevertheless that I ought to have been consulted before any grant 


1669. 


May 12. 


Standon. 


May 12? 


May 12. 
Dublin. 


May 13. 


Portsmouth. 


May 13. 
Oxford. 


May 13. 
Chatham. 


CHARLES IL, 325 


was passed to his Majesty's and my prejudice. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 260, No. 43.] 


Same to Williamson. I doubt not that after Lord Arlington has 
had the above letter, he will confer with you thereon; as I am 
compelled to leave London through the illness of my wife, I beg 
you will use your influence on my behalf. Should anything further 
be required, confer with Lady Anderson. I will hazard health or 
anything rather than suffer such an affront as I have received 
from Col. Vernon, whose friendship I have endeavoured to obtain, 
though to my prejudice. [Ibid. No. 44.] 


Report by Lord Aston, on his commission to examine into abuses 
and encroachments committed in Needwood park since the restor- 
ation, containing details of the leases, the extent and value of the 
lands, &c. Wishes no new grant of the sole rangership of the red 
deer to be made, as prejudicial to the present keepers. Regrets 
that the keeperships of walks are passed for several lives, and not 
during pleasure; most of them passed before he had knowledge of 
them, which is bad encouragement for the keepers to obey him as 
their superior officer, [2 sheets. Ibid. No. 45.] 


Major Thos. Heron to Williamson. Thanks for your letter; you 
need not have made any apologies, as it is well known to all my 
uncle’s relations how ready you have been to help or assist them. 
I have desired my brother to wait upon you for directions, but 
I would rather have some other employment, if it lies in your 
power and liking. [Jbzd. No. 46.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson, Arrival of 3 or 4 ships at Spit- 
head, with supplies for the garrison of Tangiers. [Jbid. No. 47.] 


Thos. Clifford to I congratulate you on your late pro- 
motion in Cambridge. We hoped that as our University deservedly 
challenges the precedency, you would have honoured it with your 
degree. [Ibid. No. 48.] 


Surveyor Thos. Middleton to the Navy Commissioners, I think 
the Fountain the most proper ship for the voyage to the West 
Indies, if his Royal Highness does not appoint the Sweepstakes. We 
shall find sufficient Spanish tables for present supply aboard other 
ships, but the reason of the demand is that as Capt. Kempthorne 
had two for the accommodation of the Ambassadors, and some other 
ships wanting them, and no joiners to make any, we thought it best 
to have some in store. Spanish tables are much cheaper to the 
King than those formerly used, and I do not find any waste has 
been made; but if they were made of deal boards, they would be as 
useful and of half the price. The copper demanded is for the 
chimney of the St. David, and for funnels for the houses of office, 
which were formerly made of lead, but it is believed copper will be 
cheaper. 

I have not been negligent in my duty so far as I have understood 
it, and I may say without presumption that I understand as much 


326 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. : ; 
of tle King’s naval affairs as anyone that shall teach me; but if 
new work is cut out daily, there is no man in England shall ever 
be able to know an end of his work, nor how to do it. 

I had given order for a supply of lime, copper, &c., and a promise 
to pay when delivered, before your order arrived. Mr. Pett’s timber 
is very ordinary, and not fit for the new ship; I sent Mr. Lawrence 
to view it, and he says Sir Roger [Twysden] has 500 loads stand- 
ing, the like of which is not to be found in any other part of the 
country, and is convenient for transporting. Mr. Tippetts has dis- 
coursed about it with Sir Roger, who will fell, bark, and take the 
lops, and sell it for 40s. per ton by the girth, so that you can have 
a load of 6 feet for 40s. The charge of bringing it into the yard 
will be 10s. a load, but you may judge it a good bargain at 3/.; 
and it will be much cheaper, as there must be knees and compass 
timber in it. Particulars of other timber offered and agreed for. 
The wharves and dock need repair, they going very much to decay. 
[5 pages. SP. Dom., Car. TI. 26, No. 49.] 


May 13. Wm. Williamson to the Navy Commissioners. I have “ unlivered” 
the Black Dog hoy of the timber at Deptford, and she having been 
viewed by Mr. Shish, the master shipwright there, I am directed to 
move for an order to have her repaired. [Jbid. No. 50.] 


May 13. Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I paid 

Portsmouth. the workmen their 2 months’ pay, and intend payment of the Mary 
and Bristol to-morrow, when I shall not be wanting to persuade the 
seamen to attend their duties, and to threaten a stoppage of money 
in case of neglect. The 2 ships may be at Spithead in 10 days, if 
seamen are not wanting. I perceive you have forbidden Capt. An- 
nesley the allowance of spare sails. Will you allow him a spare 
cable? The time for the sale of old provisions being at hand, say 
whether the payment is to be in ready money. [Jbid..No. 51.] 


May 13. B. St. Michel, muster master, to the Navy Commissioners. I am 
Deal. infinitely encouraged to find my endeavours meeting with his Royal 
Highness’ and your approbation; it will bear me up against the 
difficulties met with from the opposition of commanders, and the 
backwardness and practices of pursers and stewards, whose daily 
designs are either to prevent musters or accounts. The Drayon and 
Orange arrived in the Downs, and I have mustered them, and sent 
up the books. I beg payment to Mr. Hewer of my bill of imprest 

for 801. [l4 pages. Ibid. No. 52.] 


May 13. John Huntington to the Navy Commissioners. I beg to be con- 
tinued as master of the Adam and Eve hoy, during her repair and 
rigging at Deptford. [Jbid. No. 53.] 


May 14. Petition of Edw. Progers, Groom of the Bedchamber, to the King. 
Whitehall. I built as ordered a lodge in the North Park, Hampton Court, at an 
expense of 4,000/., and in 1664 presented a petition for payment, 
out of the felling of Wotton Coppice in the New Forest, which was 
referred to the then Lord Treasurer; he reported that he was not 
against it, and ordered the woodwards of that forest to view the 


1669. 


May 14. 


May 14. 


May 14. 


May 14. 


May 14. 


May 14. 


May 15. 


CHARLES II. 327 


coppice; but before such orders were put into execution, being 
informed by several gentlemen, who were neighbours to the said 
coppice, of the great prejudice it would be to his Majesty and the 
whole kingdom to fell it, being mostly excellent young timber, I 
acquainted his lordship with the information, and quitted my pre- 
tensions to it; not long after which his lordship died, and I never 
received satisfaction in any other way. I now beg a grant of part 
of what I may recover of Thos. Rogers, receiver for the Fire-Hearth 
money in Surrey, due to the King as arrears, which is likely to be 
lost if speedy course is not taken in it. 

With reference thereon to the Treasury Commissioners ; reference 
by them 18 May to Sir Rob. Long and Sir Edm. Sawyer; and their 
reports that 2,0271. 14s. 9d. was due by Thos. Rogers, as arrears, 
since which 2197. 19s. 8d. has been levied by the High Sheriff of 
Surrey, and a parcel of land of the yearly value of 23l. 4s. 10d. 
seized, and that the balance due may be disposed of as his Majesty 
thinks meet.—26 May and 28 June 1669. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 260, 
No. 54.] Annexing, 


Proposed warrant for preparation of a bill to pass. the Privy 
Seal, granting the amount due by the said Thos. Rogers, or 
so much thereof as can be recovered, to Edw. Progers, towards 
payment of the money laid out by him. [Draft. Ibid. 
No. 541.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom. Entry Book 33, 


p. 25.] 

The King to the Provost and fellows of Eton. We recommended 
Hen. Bold, 29 Dec. 1664, for the next fellowship there; but under- 
standing that there is some doubt of his enjoying the benefit without 
a repetition of the said letters, we require you to elect Bold to the 
fellowship now become void by death of Dr. Stokes. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 19, p. 104.] 


Warrant for a grant of general pardon to Hen. Hutchins, mer- 
chant of London, for all felonies, robberies, or other offences. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 28, f. 23.] 


Warrant to make free for the Norway trade the Justice, Hope, 
Charity, and St. George of London, and Charles of Bristol. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 133.] 


Grant of denization to Hans Peterson, in the usual form. Minute. 
[Lbid. f. 135.] 


Caveat in favour of Mr. Prettiman, that nothing pass concerning 
a grant of the place of Receiver of the First Fruits and Tenths, 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 32, p. 4.] 


Warrant to Sir John Howell, Recorder of London, and the 
Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, to release on bail George Castle- 
ton, convicted at Chelmsford assizes of manslaughter, and to insert 
him in the next pardon that shall come out, but leaving out the 
proviso for his transportation. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 28, 


TOS 


328 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. ee 
May 15. Jos. Williamson to Justice Morton. I send some papers from 
Whitehall. the Mayor of , upon which the opinion of the Lord Keeper 

has been had, and desire you will consider what order is fit to be 
given in it, and I will write to the Mayor to that effect. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 260, No. 55.] 


May 15. Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. The report of her Majesty being 
Deal. with child has been in the town 5 or 6 days, and rejoices all the 
people. The Commander-in-Chief’s boat has pressed a Deal man, 

contrary to the port laws. [Jbid. No. 56.] 


May 15. John Powell to Williamson. The Monmouth remains here, wait- 
Milford. ing for the Earl of Orrery, to transport him to Dublin; a vessel 
from Croisic, laden with salt, reports that the French are preparing 

a considerable fleet for sea. [Jbid. No. 57.] 


May 15. M. Wren to the Navy Commissioners. I send a petition of 
St. James’s. Mr, Clutterbuck to the Duke of York, and desire you will consider 
it, and favour him in its despatch. [Jbid. No. 58.] 


May 15. Certificate by Wm. Burroughs that John Greeson, purser of the 
Navy Office. Asswrance, did not indent for victuals until Oct. 1666. With note 
as to the delivering up of his bond, and the names of his sureties. 


[Ibid. No. 59.] 


May 15. Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. Asks for a warrant 
Deptford. for repair of the Black Dog hoy. [Lbid. No. 60.] 


May 15. Capt. Walter Perry to the Navy Commissioners. Asks leave to 
The Emsworth, come up to Deptford, for repair and a supply of provisions, being 
Holehaven. intended on a voyage to seek for sand. [Jbid. No. 61.] 


May 16. St. J. Steventon to the Navy Commissioners. I find that 

Portsmouth. My, Alexander, purser of the Dragon, was pricked out of victuals 
and wages from Oct. 1668 to March 1669, which is what I have done 
to all other pursers that have absented themselves on pretence of 
their accounts. [Jbid. No. 62.] 


May 16. Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I acknow- 
Portsmouth. ledge the receipt of the contract by Mr. Mayle. I paid the work- 
men the two months, whereby they are only able to subsist, not to 
pay their debts, so that it abated but little of their complaints ; nor 
did it at allsatisfy their creditors, which they say a quarter or two’s 
pay would do. I told them all care imaginable was taken for them, 
and ere long they would find the effect of it, and advised them to 
go on cheerfully in their business ; but discouragement prevails. 
The Mary and Bristol are paid, having stopped moneys giving 
assurance of it at Spithead, where they may be in a week if 
ordered. Three of the Tigers cables are shortened 10 or 11 
fathoms each; I shall make inquiry therein. I hope they have 
not done the like on other ships that keep their cables on board for 
want of storehouse room in the yard. I want 8 halberds to be 
sent for the watch. [Zbid. No. 68.] Encloses, 


Contract by Wm. Cozens with Commissioner J. Tippetts, to 
supply ihe dockyard at Portsmouth, free of all charge, 


1669. 


May 16. 
Chatham. 


May 16. 


Portsmouth. 


May 16. 
Deal. 


May 16. 
Clapham. 


May 16. 
W hitehail. 


May 16. 
May 16. 


May 16. 
May 17. 


May 17. 


CHARLES II. 329 


before 10 Aug., with all such timber as shall arise out of 
302 trees bought by him of Thos. Cordery, of Tichfirld, for 
which he is to receive 40s. a load, ready money; with note 
that the timber is judged to be between 400 and 500 loads.— 
Portsmouth, 15 May, 1669. [S.P. Dom., Car. II, 260, No. 631.] 


Edw. Gregory and 2 other officers to the Navy Commissioners. 
Knowing fame to be double-tongued, we thought fit to give an 
account of a disaster which might have happened this night to the 
Montague, by the remissness of one of the servants belonging to 
her, whom we have severely punished. He left a piece of match 
burning upon the topsail sheet bitts, which falling down, set fire 
to the hatches ; but by the carefulness of the boatswain on board, 
and a plentiful accession of assistance from the yard and ships, it 
was immediately extinguished, without prejudice to the ship. [Jbid. 
No. 64.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The ships for Tangiers are at 
Spithead, taking in their stores. The Mary and Bristol are paid 
off, as well as all of Sir Thos. Allin’s squadron. Several merchant 
ships are detained by easterly winds. [Jbid. No. 65.] 


Mor. Lodge to Williamson. There has been no neglect in de- 
livering the packets; they came at night after the ships had sailed ; 
I could not take more care if it was to save my life. [Jbid. No. 66.] 


Sir Denis Gauden to Pepys. I am sorry I cannot wait upon you 
and Mr. Williamson to-morrow, but if you will honour me with your 
company some other day, I will lay all business aside to attend you. 
With note by Pepys to Williamson, This letter speaks to you 
also; why should we not lay hold of to-morrow, and let Sir Denis 
know it? [Zbid. No. 67.j 


Warrant to the Sheriffs of London directing that Peter Jones, 
sentenced with others to transportation for 7 years, shall be ex- 
cepted from the number, and remain in England during that period. 
[Jbid. No. 68.] 


Minute of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 135.] 


Warrant to apprehend Henry Shirly, accused of a rape in Ireland, 
but fled and concealed in London or Westminster. [Jbid.] 


Pass for 5 horses to Guernsey for Col. Atkins. Minute. [Jbid.] 


Warrant for an order for payment to Rob, Spencer of a moiety 
of the estate of Miles Temple, late of Dover, according to a grant 
made in 1663 to the late Sir Chas. Berkeley, Rob. Spencer, and 
Sir Wm. Berkeley, of tne moiety of moneys recovered by them from 
certain persons excepted out of the Act of Oblivion. [S.P. Dom. 
Entry Book 25, f. 104.] 


Warrant for a grant of pardon to Rob. Thomas for all felony 
touching the killing of Edmund Thomas, of Glamorganshire, who 
was slain by Edw.: Thomas in a duel. The said Rob. Thomas 


330 


1669, 


May 17. 


May 17. 


May 17. 
Whitehall. 


May 17. 


May 17. 


[May 17.] 


May 17. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


went to prevent the duel, but having fled through fear and igno- 
rance, was indicted for the offence. [S.P. Dom. Entry Book 28, 


f. 24] 


Petition of the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the 
parish of St. Margaret’s, Westminster, to the King, to continue his 
donation of 1007. a year to the poor of the parish, and to settle 
the same by privy seal, giving one moiety to the churchwardens 
for the time being for the poor, and the other moiety to the 
treasurer for the time being of King Charles’s Hospital in the parish, 
founded by his Majesty’s father for keeping and bringing up poor 
fatherless children. The revenue of the hospital, given by several 
persons, never exceeded 1000. a year, half of which was lost by the 
fire; so that there is not means to maintain above half the number 
of boys formerly kept there. With reference thereon to the 
Treasury Commissioners. Noted that a report is to be made to 
the King that the request is reasonable, and that Lord Ashley 
moved the King, who was pleased to approve of the petition. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 260, No. 69.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, 
p. 26.] 

Petition of Sam. Granger and 3 others, on behalf of themselves 
and the rest of the Company of Patten-makers in London and West- 
minster, to the King, to be allowed to incorporate themselves as a body 
politic, and to be invested with powers for this, and for reforming and 
suppressing falsities and deceits. They plead that the company is 
very ancient, as will appear by several statutes made in the reigns 
of Henry V. and Edward IV.; that they have attained to a greater 
measure of perfection than their predecessors, in making and fitting 
pattens and clogs ; but that the number of makers has so increased, 
and so many persons are acting who never served as apprentices, 
that the trade is greatly damaged by such abuse. 

With reference thereon to Solicitor-General Sir Heneage Finch, 
and his report, that his Majesty may lawfully incorporate the 
petitioners, according to the heads annexed, if he be so pleased. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 260, No. 70.] Annexing, 


Abstract of the proposed terms of the grant requested for the 
Paiten-makers. [2 pages.. Ibid. No. 701.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, 
p. 26.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of Lord 
Hawley, for a grant of certain concealed lands discovered by him. 


[Ibid.] 


Note that the request is for a lease in reversion of Fitzharris 
farm, Abingdon, and that the Mayor’s name is John Whitchelow. 
Endorsed, “Lord Hawley.” [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 260, No. 71.] 


Agreement by H. Carr, and 8 other patentees for the Irish plate 
lottery, that they will secure to Major Edw. Hamilton, by declara- 


1669. 


May 17. 


Rochester. 


May 17. 


Deal. 


May 17. 


Cambridge. 


May 17. 


Cambridge. 


May 17. 


. Pendennis. 


May 17. 


Yarmouth. 


May 17. 
Falmouth. 


May 17. 


Deptford. 


CHARLES Il. bol 


tion, such a proportion of the advantage that shall arise as shall 
be appointed by Lord Arlington. 9 signatures. [S.P. Dom, Car. 
IT, 260, No. 72.] 


John Conny to Williamson. A fire happened on board the 
Montague last night, by the fall of a lighted match from the top- 
sail-sheet bitts, where the purser’s servant had laid it after lighting 
his pipe, but was very soon extinguished. The Revenge and 
St. David will be ready to sail in a few days. [Jbid. No. 73.] 


Morgan Lodge to Williamson. I have delivered the packet for 
Col. Norwood, Deputy-Governor of Tangiers, to Capt. Herbert, 
commander of the Dragon, bound to that port. [Ibid. No. 74.] 


Dr. Ralph Cudworth to Williamson. Thanks for the intimations 
of yours of the 12th and Dr. A[bney’s] of the 13th; the major 
part of the society are also very sensible of their obligation to you. 
I will wait upon you and Lord Arlington, and return my own and 
the college’s thanks ; I will take all occasions to possess persons 
rightly with reference to the Gazette. [Ibid. No. 75.] 


Damaris Cudworth [his wife] to Williamson. There must be an 
election in the college within a fortnight, the time being limited 
by the statutes; and if I should not have a letter for my son, Dr. 
[Edw.] Abney, by that time, to dispense with county, they cannot 
choose him. [Jbid. No. 76.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. There have 50 sail of ships come 
in through the easterly winds; 70 sail of Dutch are also beating 
about between the Land’s End and the Lizard, many of which are 
much shattered by the storms. [Zbid. No. 77.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. Arrival of one of the Duke of 
York’s pleasure-boats, with the Countess of Carlisle on board. 
They are bound for Stockholm, and put in here by contrary winds. 
Departure of 2 vessels for Rotterdam. [Jbid. No. 78.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. A French vessel from Rochelle, laden 
with salt, reports that the French fleet is put to sea to join De 
Beaufort with succours for Candia. A Dutch man-of-war has arrived 
with 40 sail under convoy. [Lbid. No. 79.] 


Thos. Turner to the Navy Commissioners. Sends an account of 
timber brought from Sherwood Forest to Deptford, in the Adam 
and Eve, James, and Black Dog hoys. [Ibid. No. 80.] Encloses, 


Journal of John Robinson, master of the James galliot, of her 
voyage to Stockwith for tumber, commencing 12 March and 
ending 4 May 1669.—12 May 1669. [24 pages. Ibid. 
No. 801.] 


Wm. Williamson, master of the Black Dog hoy, to the Navy 
Commissioners. Has arrived at Deptford by order of 
Mr. Russell, most of the timber being for the ship building 
there. Particulars of the voyage from Deptford to Stock- 
with and back, between 5 March and 5 May 1669. The hoy 
proves very leaky and dangerous; prays that she may be 


332 


1669. 


May 18. 


May 18. 


Portsmouth. 


May 18. 


May 18. 
Deptford. 


May 18. 
Woolwich. 


May 18. 


May 18. 


Portsmouth. 


May 18. 
Deal. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


trimmed, and a supply of victuals ordered—6 May 1669. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 260, No. 8011.] 


Christ. Ously, master of the Mackler hoy, to the Navy Com- 
missioners. I present the journal of a voyage to Stockwith 
for timber, between 12 March and 11 May 1669. [2% pages. 
[Ibid. No. 80111] 


Memorandum of the beginning and ending of the work 
of the said hoys, and the number of loads of timber they 
brought from Stockwith. With later notes of the same, 
June and July 1669. Endorsed with a note that these 
papers are sent “in order to the computing the charge 
of bringing the King’s timber in his own vessels.” (Ibid. 
No. 801v.] 

Roger Eastwood to [Pepys]. I have surveyed the Lastridge 
hulk, and find her past all repair, being rotten in every part, and 
not fit to trust guns and rigging upon, from a fear of suddenly 
sinking where she rides, and endangering the harbour. The old 
hulk which defends the ways on the graving place has also fallen 
in pieces; the Hastridge might be put in her place, to save ex- 
pense, &c. [Jbid. No. 81.] 

Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I shall 
observe your directions about the sale of old provisions. The ships 
will be ready to sail to Spithead next week; I wish they were 
there, so as to be able to keep their men on board, but as yet there 
is no order to send them, I hope to wait on you on Saturday. 
[Zbid. No. 82.] 

Chris. Ously, master of the Mackler galliot, to the Navy Com- 
missioners. I have delivered my lading at Woolwich, received my 
ballast, and am ready to sail. [Zbid. No. 83.] 


Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. Having received a 
warrant for fitting the Sweepstakes for the West Indies, I judge it 
convenient to sheathe her, and require for this a supply of board or 
fir timber. [Jbid. No. 84.] 


W. Hannam, Master Attendant, to the Navy Commissioners. 
I have sounded the Gallions again, and do not find above 15 feet of 
water in any place, and that so narrow that there is not room for 
a ship to wind without grounding. I cannot hear that the purser 
of the Ruby makes any way to clear the ship of empty casks, and 
the boatswain requires pumps, and hands to pump her. I beg 
a warrant to take up lighters and small vessels, and to clear ships 
in case of the officers’ neglect; also to be clear of any loss or 
damage of casks. [Jbid. No. 85.] 


John Huntington to the Navy Commissioners. The Adam and 
Eve being repaired and fit for service, I desire to be continued 
master of her. [Jbid. No. 86.] 

Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. These parts afford no news of 
any kind. [Jbid. No. 87.] 

Rich. Watts to Williamson. The Dragon left for Portsmouth, 
and from there for Tangiers. The Isle of Thanet is in a very 


CHARLES II. 333 


1669. : 
sickly state. A woman came to church very well, and in less than 
half an hour was carried out dead. There is high rejoicing here for 
her Majesty’s present condition. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 260, No. 88.] 


May 18. Warrant to the Ordnance Commissioners to deliver to Major John 
Rolleston 28 barrels of powder, with half the proportionable match 
and ball, for the 14 companies of Col. Russell’s regiment of foot 
guards, now attending Court. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 20, p. 199.] 


May 18. Sec. Trevor to Sir Job Charleton, Chief Justice, or the Sheriffs 

Whitehall. of Chester. The King wishes you to forbear execution of the 
sentence of death or corporal punishment passed on Darcy Lascelles 
for felony, on supplication of divers justices of peace and gentlemen 
of the county, who represent him as fit for his Majesty’s service 
at home or abroad. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 28, f. 25.] 

[May 18.] Proposed grant to Lieut.-Col. Laurence Dempsey of 150/. a year 
for his late service for 6 years in the English horse regiment in 
Portugal. [ S.P. Dom., Car. II. 260, No. 89.] 


[May 18.] Inquiry [by Lord Arlington] whether the [Treasury] Com- 
missioners will be content for 200/. to be given on their privy 
seal dormant to Cols. Stainhurst and Dempsey, for which the 
Duke of York is urgent. [bid. No. 90.] 


May 18. Warrant to Sir Stephen Fox to pay 6s. 6d. a day to Col. Henry 
Stainhurst, out of the residue remaining in his hands of 4,610/. 18s. 4d., 
ordered on 13 Jan. 1669 to be paid to Rich. Kent for the use of 
disbanded officers of the Guards; but some persons not well qualified 
being struck out of the list of the said officers, as not duly qualified, 
the expense is thereby lessened. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 137.] 


[May 18.] Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 260, No. 91.] 


May 18. Warrant to Sir Stephen Fox for a like payment of 6s. 6d. a 
day to Col. Charles Dempsey, as granted to Col. Stainhurst. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 137.] 


May 18, Pass for 19 couple of dogs for the Prince de Ligne. Minute. 
[Ibid. f. 137.) 

May, Lord H. Howard to Williamson. Having resolved, in a discourse 
with Lord Arlington and the Bishop of Oxford, to waive the peti- 
tion and reference of my chaplain, Mr. Cutler, for the Pulham 
living in his Majesty’s gift, in favour of Mr. Lewthwayte, I pray you 
to change the name accordingly, or to make a new petition and get 
a reference upon it as early as possible, as I shall return to town 
to-morrow. [S.P. Dom., Car. II, 260, No. 914.] 

[May 18.] Request by Lord Hen. Howard for presentation of Rich. Lewth- 
wayte, M.A., preacher licensed by Edward, Bishop of Norwich, to the 
rectory of Pulham St. Mary the Virgin. [Jbid. No. 91B.] 

May 18. Reference to the Bishop of Oxford, Dean of the Chapel, of the 

Whitehall. petition of Rich. Lewthwayte for presentation to the rectory of 
Pulham St. Mary, co. Norfolk. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 27.] 

May 18. Reference to the Attorney-General, of the petition of Sampson 

Whitehall. Bichford, for a grant for 14 years of his invention of extracting 
silver out of lead. [Jbid.] 


384 


1669. 
May 19. 
Whitehall. 


May 19. 
May 19. 


May 19. 


Falmouth, 


May 19. 


Falmouth. 


May 19. 


Portsmouth. 


May 19. 


Bristol. 


May 19. 
Ordnance 
Office. 


May 19. 
Chatham. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Petition of Edw. Phillips to the King, for a free pardon. Was 
convicted of felony at the York assizes, but upon report his 
Majesty was pleased to stay the execution of the sentence of death 
during pleasure. With reference thereon to Baron Chris. Turner, 
and his report that the petitioner was convicted of taking a horse, 
bridle, saddle, and 35l. in money, from one Hotham; that it 
appeared that the petitioner had notice the night before that 
Hotham was going to take a journey with the money, and de- 
signed to rob him, and accordingly waylaid him, and finding him 
on the road, unhorsed him and cut the strings of his portmanteau ; 
but Hotham seized and kept him down until some company came, 
and took him to prison. That during the scuffle, the petitioner at 
one time had Hotham’s horse’s bridle in his hand, when Hotham 
had not hold of his horse, and consequently, by construction of law, 
possessed both the horse, bridle, saddle, and money, and was found 
guilty accordingly. This verdict he considers was very just, but 
somewhat severe, and he conceives the petitioner may be a fit object 
for pardon.—25 May 1669. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 260, No. 92.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 28 | 


Grant of denization to Gysbert Peterson, in the usual form. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 187.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. Particulars of the arrival of ships 
named, being chiefly to the same effect as his letter to Hickes of 
the 17th. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 260, No. 93.] 


Same to Hickes. Several vessels put in from France, &c., and 
have gone to sea again. The Hwropean frigate reports that Candia 
is besieged by the Turks, and that it is feared it will go hard with 
them, as the Turks are continually increasing their army. I have 
had no letters from Williamson for 3 weeks; pray see to it. [JZbid. 
No. 94.] 


Account by Commissioner J. Tippetts, of the sale by auction of 
old stores in Portsmouth dockyard ; with order to the clerk of the 
cheque and storekeeper, for delivery of the goods to the purchasers. 
[2 pages. Copy. Ibid. No. 95.] 


Fras. Baylie to the Navy Commissioners. I cannot have the 
bulgeways I wrote for, they being disposed of by Major [John] Gains- 
ford, but the man that bought them promises me them at the same 
price. I will take them on your account, or for my own use. 


[Ibid. No. 96.] 


Edw. Sherborne and Fras. Nicholl to the Navy Commissioners. 
I desire you to charge the boatswain of the Yarmouth with a coil 
of rope received from the gunner of the Monmouth, being issued by 
Sir Thos. Allin’s order. [Zbid. No. 97.] 


Edw. Gregory and John Brooke to the Navy Commissioners. 
John Arney, the purser’s servant, was the man by whose neglect 
the Montague was in danger of being fired; the punishment in- 
flicted by Capt. Rand and his own master was very severe, though 


1669. 


May 19. 
Chatham. 


May 20. 


May 20. 


Portsmouth. 


May 20. 


May 20. 


Portsmouth. 


May 20. 


May 21. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


May [21]. 


May 21. 
May 21. 


Court at 
Whitehall. 


May [21]. 
May [21]. 


May 21. 
May 21. 


CHARLES II. 535 


not performed in a regular manner, and he is almost crippled by the 
many blows he so justly received and deserved. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 
260, No. 98.] 


Edw. Gregory and 2 other officers to Surveyor Thos. Middleton. 
We have made choice of a Jongboat for the Jersey, and given 
order for the fitting, and shall take care to send it by the horse- 
boat. [Jbid. No. 99.] 


M. Wren to the Navy Commissioners. I de-ire order may be 
given for unsheathing the Roe ketch. [Jbid, No. 100.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. I was directed 
by his Royal Highness to come to London, as soon as the ships for 
the Straits fleet were titted ; but not having received the warrant for 
the trees in the forest, I am very loath to leave until I have set the 
men to work. Pray send it down, or let me know whether I shail 
come without it. The want of the warrant is very prejudicial to 
the service, and the time lost is not to be redeemed. [Jbid. 
No. 101.] 


Dr. R. C[udworth] to [Williamson]. I received a letter from 
your friend whom you recommended to us; though he mentioned 
some disadvantage which happened in his absence, perhaps he did 
not understand what was unexpectedly done here, which Dr. Carr 
has since advertised you of. [Jbid. No. 102.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Hamburg Merchant and 
other ships have sailed from Spithead, with provisions for Tangiers, 
under convoy of the Dragon. [Ibid. No. 103.] 


Two notes of delivery of documents in the cause of Sir John 
Monson v. Sir John Bennet and the Countess [Dowager] of Mul- 
grave. [Zbid. Nos. 104, 105.] 


Warrant to Fras. Astley, keeper at Fair Oak, on information of 
the destruction of the red deer there by disorderly persons, to take 
special care for their preservation, that being a place where they 
have been wont anciently to lie. [Parchment. Ibid. No. 106.] 


Draft of the above, corrected [by Williamson]. [Parchment. 
Ibid. No. 107.] 
Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, p. 141.] 


Like warrant to Blake, gamekeeper at Highgate, for 
preservation of red deer, pheasant, partridge, and hare. [Parchment. 
S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 260, No. 108.] 


Draft of the above, corrected [by Williamson]. [Parchment. 
Ibid. No. 109.) 

Minutes [by Williamson] of the above two warrants. [Jbid. 
No. 1094.] 

Entry of the above warrants. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, p. 141.] 

Grant to Col. Wm. Howard and others of the sole exercise of a 


plate lottery in Ireland for 7 years, but without prejudice to the 
Royal Oak Lottery there. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 45.] 


336 


1669. 
May 21. 


May 21. 


May 21. 


May 21. 
[May 21.] 
May 21. 


May 21. 


May 21. 
[May 21.] 


May 21. 


May 21. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Warrant to pay to Sir Stephen Fox 8,5007. for secret service, and 
to discharge him of 2,027/. 19s. 10d. paid by him direct to Claude 
Sourceau and John Allen, his Majesty’s tailors, instead of to [Henry 
Cavendish], Lord Mansfield, then Master of the Robes. [Docquet, 
Vol. 24, No. 45.) 

Warrant to pay to Wm. Ashburnham, Cofferer of the Household, 
15,0291. 15s. 10d. for interest of moneys taken up for the house- 
hold, from Michaelmas 1666 to 1667. [Jbzd.] 


Warrant to pay Thos. Ellyott, keeper of the King’s house at 
Newmarket, 4007. for the 2 last years, and 200.. yearly, for airing 
and other services. [Jbid.] 

Warrant to pay to Lord Arlington 4,0007. for secret service. [Zbid.] 


Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 260, No. 109B.] 


Warrant authorising Francis, Lord Hawley, to demand, and 
Dr. Rob. Morison to deliver to him, the Royal Physic Garden, with 
the house and ground adjoining, to be employed according to 
further directions. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 105.] 

Warrant for a bill in form following. The King to the officers of 
Exchequer, Attorney and Solicitor General, and Master of the Jewel 
House. Recapitulates the several payments of money and loans of 
plate made to the Earl of Sandwich, and the allowances which the 
Committee for Foreign Affairs has decided to make him, for his 
expenses in his embassy to Spain, and authorizes payment to him 
of 6.3137. 13s. 11d., due as balance of his accounts. Also discharges 
him from returning or accounting for the plate he has received, he 
having already entered the value in his accounts, and requires the 
return of his indenture therefor, that it may be cancelled. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 188-140.] 

Docquet of the above. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 46.] 


Lord Arlington to the Treasury Commissioners. The King having 
ordered the Earl of Sandwich’s accounts in his embassy to Portugal 
to be considered in the Committee for Foreign Affairs, certain 
retrenchments have been there made, and you are requested to pay 
the remainder, as soon as the condition of the Exchequer will permit, 
unless you have any exceptions to make, in which case the Earl 
will answer them. [2 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. IJ. 260, No. 110.] 
Annexing, 

Account of the Earl of Sandwich’s receipts and expenses in his 
late extraordinary embassies to Spain and Portugal, 
Jan. 1666 to Oct. 1668: receipts, 19,2531. Ts. 4d. ; expenses, 
25,5671. 1s. 3d. With note that the King approves the reso- 
lution im the Committee for Foreign Affairs, to allow the 
Earl his account, as transmitted—17 May 1669. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 136.] 


Caveat in favour of Mr. Elliot, that no grant pass of Faulconer’s 
estate. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 32, p. 4.] 


Petition of Rich. Emes and 2 other owners of the ship Richard 
and George of London, to the King, that their ship may be made 


1669. 


May [21]. 
[May 21.] 


May 21. 


May 21. 
May 21. 


May 21. 
79380. 


CHARLES II. 337 


free ; it was taken by Capt. Rich. Bothwick, a privateer of Scotland, 
from the Dutch in the late wars, and was bought by the petitioners 
in Scotland in 1667, and since then has been employed for the 
Norway trade. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 260, No. 111.] <Anneaing, 


Certificate by Sir Edw. Walker that a ship called the White 
Cock, taken by Capt. Rich. Bothwick, was adjudged as prize 
im the High Court of Admiralty in Scotland, on 28 Aug. 
1667.—18 May 1669. [Zbid. No. 1111] 


Afidavit made by John Dobie of London, merchant, before 
Mounteford Bramston, Master in Chancery, that the Richard 
and George, formerly the White Cock of Horne, was bought 
by him of Capt. Rich. Bothwick at Leith im Scotland, 
11 Aug. 1667, in the name and for the use of Rich. Emes 
and George Moore of London, for a valuable consideration, 
and that the deponent and the said Emes and Moore are 
the sole proprietors of the said ship—20 May 1669. [Ibid. 
No. 11111.] 


Warrant, at request of John Dobie and other owners, for making 
free the White Cock of Horne, now the Richard and George of 
London, condemned as prize in the Admiralty Court of Scotland, and 
sent in the list of prize ships. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 144.] 


The King to the Attorney-General. Whereas the manors of 
Grainsby Croft and Wainfleet, co. Lincoln, were conveyed by the 
late Sir Chris. Wray to the late Sir Edw. Ayscough and Sir Hen. 
Vane, on trust to raise 2,5007. each for portions of his daughters, 
Diana and Theodosia, which are paid; and whereas Albinia, widow 
of Sir Chris. Wray, and Sir Wm. Wray, purchased lands in West 
Theddlethorpe and Gayton, in the name of Sir Hen. Vane as trustee, 
but by attainder of the said Sir Henry, the said lands are forfeit 
to the Crown, yet as we are unwilling to take advantage of the 
forfeiture of any such trust, you are to prepare a release of our 
estate in the premises, enclosing clauses for the security of the said 
manors. [|Zbid. f. 140.] 


Docquet of the above, dated May. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 51.] 


Request by Sir B. de Gomme for a grant of denization to 
Anna Davall, widow, a native of Amsterdam, daughter of Abra- 
ham Potts. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 260, No. 112.] 


Grant of denization accordingly. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 30, f. 140.] 


Docquet of the above, dated 4 June. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 53.] 


Warrant for the Abraham of London to be made free for the 
Norway trade. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 140.] 


Warrant for the Isaac of London to be made free for the Norway 
trade. Minute. [Jbid.] 


Pass for 3 horses to Ireland for Mr, Le Graine. Minute. [Jbid.] 
Y 


338 


1669. 
May 21. 


[May 21.] 
May 21. 


May 21. 


May 21. 
Whitehall. 


May 21. 
Hull. 


May 21. 
Chatham 
Dock. 


May 21. 
Woolwich. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Order for a warrant to the Ordnance Commissioners to pay to Sir 


Bernard de Gomme his pension of 3001. a year, formerly ordered to 


be paid out of the Exchequer. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, J- 141] 
Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 260, No. 113.] 
Docquet of the above, dated 4 June. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 53.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of 
Thos. Morris, for a grant of such manors, lands, tenements, &ec., as 
he shall discover within 3 years. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, 
p. 28.) 


Reference of the petition of Mrs. Wallop, that the remainder of 
Rob. Wallop’s estate may be settled on her husband and children, to 
the Lord Keeper, Lord Ashley, and Sir Henry Vernon, Bart., 
grantees for the said estate. [Jbid. p. 29.] 


Lord Arlington to the Bishop of Oxford. I recommend, by the 
King’s command, Sir Robert Vyner’s brother for the next suitable 
preferment that shall become void. He is a small prebendary in 
the church of Gloucester, and his Majesty—being long since desirous 
to express the good will he had for Sir Robert Vyner, and the sense 
he entertained of his many useful services—recommended him to 
the Bishop of Hereford, but without any effect. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 260, No. 114.] 


Chas. Whittington to Williamson. I have been in the country 
with a broken collar-bone, but there has been little news during 
my absence. The Promise has arrived from Dantzic with rye, and 
more ships are expected thence. I beg your advice, or an order of 
Council, to whom I have written, as to whether we may enter these 
goods. [Jbid. No. 115.] 


Phin, Pett and Edw. Homewood to Surveyor Thos. Middleton. 
There are 12 copper furnaces returned from the ships lying in the 
yard, which can be fitted at small charge. We think that the 
materials and workmanship should be expended on them, and there 
being no copper in store, that allowance should be given to the 
brazier when the service is performed. [Jbid. No. 116.] 


Edw. Byland to the Navy Commissioners. I was at Dartford 
yesterday, to treat with the merchant for a spindle for the crane, 
but I never treated with so lofty a fellow in my life ;-what induces 
him to it is that he has bought up all the timber hereabouts, 
and says if he knew where one load was to be bought, he would 
have it, and so make people pay his own price. I proffered him 
3l. 15s. Od. a load, but he stood at 5l., and fell to 4l. 15s. Od., the 
greatest rate, I presume, that was ever given since Noah’s Ark was 
built. I desire you will empower my servant to set the broad 
arrow upon the timber, giving the market price, which is 31. a 
load, to the merchant. I would have given 4l. rather than have 
come away dissatisfied. Pray be mindful of my poor brother, 
the smith, who will be utterly ruined unless he is commiserated. 


[Zbid. No. 117.] 


1669. 


May 21. 
Chatham. 
Dock. 


May 22. 
Portsmouth 
Dockyard. 


May 22. 
Chatham. 


May 22. 
The Hampshire. 


May 22. 


Portsmouth. 


May 22. 


Gravesend. 


May 22. 


CHARLES II. 339 


Phin. Pett to Surveyor Thos. Middleton. I send a survey of 
the Montague; we despatched a water-boat for the Jersey, by the 
horseboat. We are at a stand on the new ship for want of plank ; 
let some speedy course be taken for sending in those 21 elms which 
Mr. Lawrence marked of Mr. Mason’s, or let us be supplied else- 
where. I beg leave of absence to come to London for 8 or 4 days, 
having earnest business. [S P. Dom., Car. TI. 260, No. 118.] 


Abr. Ansley to the Navy Commissioners. I have sent the 
Resolution, Bristol, and Mary to Spithead, with all their pro- 
visions on board, except the Mary, which will not have her full 
supply of beer till Monday. [Jbid. No. 119.] 


John Moore and Edw. Moorcock to the Navy Commissioners. 
We have removed the bottom of the Oak to the shore, to make it 
convenient for workmen to take her to pieces; we daily expect 
your orders as to other wrecks in the river. [Jbid. No. 120.] 


Capt. Rich. Beach to Lord Brouncker. I have your and Sir 
John Mennes’ order for discharge of Robert Dowter and Thos. 
Walter—the one a pretended mate and the other his boatswain— 
and beg you will take notice that there was no protection, and 
therefore I have committed no error. I should not have wanted 
men had not merchantmen advanced their wages ; I had 130 volun- 
teers entered at Deptford, but since then they have deserted, and 
others are not to be had without pressing, as all other ships have 
done, and must do before they go, except one who has some of my 
men. If we must clear every man that their Honours are im- 
portuned for, we must expect to carry but few able men to sea. 
I have cleared the boatswain, but kept the other till further orders. 
Pray hasten down the provisions, that we may be gone. [Jbid. 
No. 121.] 


B. J[ohnson] to Williamson. The Hamburg Merchant and a 
flyboat have sailed with supplies for the garrison at Tangiers, 
under convoy of the Dragon. The Resolution, Mary, and Bristol 
are fitted, and gone out of harbour to Spithead for the Straits. 
Some merchant ships bound for London are waiting a fair wind. 


[Ibid. No. 122.] 


Receipt by Thos. Colyer, commander of the Constant Catherine, 
for a box directed to Sir John Yeomans, for his Majesty’s service. 
[Ibid. No. 123.] 


Petition of Edw. Philipps, prisoner at York, to the King, for a 
reprieve until the next assizes. Attempted to rob a person on the 
highway near York, and has been convicted of felony; but as it 
was only an attempt, the chief nobility and persons of quality 
in that country have, out of compassion, made their address to the 
judge for his reprieve, which he says he cannot give without his 
Majesty’s special order. [Ibid. No. 124.] Annexing, 


Petition of Edw. Philipps to Sir Chris. Turner, Justice for 
the Northern Circuit, for a reprieve until the neat assizes, 
being heartily penitent. With request by Lord Ogle and 

y2 


340 


1669. 


May 23. 
Whitehall. 


May 23. 


May. 


l May 23: 


Portsmouth. 


May 23. 


May 23. 


Portsmouth. 


May 23. 
Chatham. 


May 24. 


Kinsale. 


May 24. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


24 others to Judge Turner, in favour of Philipps, he being 
a very young man, and this his first offence. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. TI. 260, No. 1241.] 


Petition of Thos. Lamplugh, D.D., chaplain in ordinary, to the 
King, for a prebend of the Cathedral Church of Worcester, 
lately become void. With reference thereon to the Bishop of 
Oxford, and his report that he believes the petitioner to be a 
person qualified for his Majesty’s grace and favour. [Jbid. No. 125.] 


Grant to Dr. Thos. Lamplugh of a prebend in Worcester, void 
by the death of [George] Glynn. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, 
p. 105. See p. 358, infra.] 


Docquet of the above, dated 25 May. [Docquet, Vol. 24, 
No. 47.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Departure of the Resolution 
for Spithead; the Mary and Bristol are fitted for sea, and only 
waiting commands to sail. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 260, No. 126.] 


Request of Sir John Griffith to the Committee for Foreign 
Affairs, for instructions what salutes shall be fired for Ambassa- 
dors passing the King’s forts; whether to suffer foreign men-of-war 
to pass the ports ; how to act if they do not strike their flags, or if 
they attempt to bring in prohibited goods; how to answer their 
salutes, &c. [Zbid. No. 127. See p. 364, infra. ] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to Pepys. The Resolution, Mary, and Bristol 
sailed to Spithead, and Mr. Steares, in the Hamburg Merchant, 
for Tangiers; the Dragon came in to convoy her, but finding her 
gone, set sail after her. I wish to come up the end of the week, 
but would fain set the men at work in the forest, before my depar- 
ture. [Jbid. No. 128.] 


John Robinson, master of the James hoy, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. I brought down pitch and tar, by order of Commissioner 
Cox, and heard that I was to take a load of timber from Chatham 
to Deptford ; shall I stay at Chatham, or proceed to Stockwith for 
timber, having taken in the provisions ordered? [Zbid. No. 129.] 


Wm. Penn to the Navy Commissioners. I send a survey 
of the Harp, with an inventory of stores, also an account of my 
disbursements. I hope you will consider me for my pains. I 
think the Harp may be made fit for further service. [Ibid. 
No. 1380.] 


Thos. Adamson to Rob. Francis. I beg to be remembered to 
Mrs. Moundeford. Being prevented from coming to London by 
the shortness of the term, I beg you to deliver a note enclosed to 
Rob. Derham, a soldier in the guard, whom you will find at the 
Settle House against Whitehall, or at Mrs. Chamberlain’s, in a lane 
near Palace Yard Gate. [Zbid. No, 131.] 


1669. 


May 24. 


Falmouth. 


May 24. 


Pendennis. 


May 24. 


May 24. 


Court at 


Whitehall. 


May 24. 
May 25. 


May 25. 


May 25. 


May 25. 


May 25. 


CHARLES II, 341 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. The Providence from Virginia met 
the Constantinople Merchant, an East Indiaman, who said there 
was another East Indiaman in company with her. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 260, No. 182.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. Upwards of 30 ships laden with 
wine, brandy, salt, and tobacco have come in from places named ; 
also an Amsterdam man-of-war of 56 guns, as convoy to the Dutch 
fleet. [Lbid. No. 133.] 


Questions to be resolved by the Farmers of Customs, touching 
the amount of alien duties received for the last five years, as 
ordered to be drawn up and transmitted to them, by the Committee 
appointed in the matter of the French treaty of commerce. Signed 
by Jos. Williamson. [Zbid. No. 134.] 


Petition of Col. Chas. Gifford to the King. Having expended 
an inheritance in land of 300/. a year in your Majesty and the 
late King’s service, you granted me a pension of 150l. a year. I 
have expended much money in endeavouring to recover my lands, 
and have incurred debts amounting to 2,0007., for which my credi- 
tors have cast me into prison, where I have lain 9 months. I 
beg a grant of a debt of 2,000/. due to your Majesty by John 
Kilby, collector of the hearth money, my creditors being willing 
to discharge me if they can have Kilby’s debt as security ; I also 
beg an increase of my pension. With reference thereon to the Trea- 
sury Commissioners. [bid. No. 135. See p. 417, infra] Annexing, 


Proposed grant by his Majesty of 2,8001. (sic) due to him by 
John Kilby, late collector of hearth money in co. Bucks, 
to the petitioner; with directions for preparation of a 

` privy seal for more effectually settling the said debt. [Ibid. 
No. 1351] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 30.] 


Order granting the petition of Rich Lewthwayte for the rectory 
of Pulham St. Mary’s, Norfolk, the King being satisfied with the 
Bishop of Oxford’s report thereon. [Lbid. p. 33.] 


Warrant to the Duke of York to order sale by the candle of 
various naval provisions in the storehouse at Plymouth, and there- 
from to pay what is due to John Lanyon, employed there by the 
Navy Commissioners during the late war. [Docquet, Vol. 24, 


No. 47.] 


Grants to Gysbert and Hans Peterson, aliens, of denization, pro- 
vided they pay customs and subsidies as strangers. [Jbzd. No. 48.] 


Warrant to Sir Stephen Fox to pay 2,872. 7s. 8d. from the 
militia money to John Earl of Bath, Governor of the fort of Ply- 
mouth, towards perfecting the works at Plymouth. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 143.] 


Warrant to Sir Stephen Fox to pay 316l. to Major Benj. Hen- 
shaw, late major of Jersey, being arrears due to him as major, he 
having only received his pay as captain. [Jbid.] 


342 


1669. 
May, 25. 


May 25. 


Portsmouth. 


May 25. 
Oxford. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


H. R. [Wm. Haggett to Sir P. Musgrave]. Iam glad to hear of 
your good journey from London, and safe arrival at home. The 
gentlewoman showed me at least 20 books [by] the authors of 
“The Judgment with those called 5th Monarchy men”; I borrowed 
one, which is in several pieces, by Mr. Moore. She informed me 
that what books I desired were at my service; her husband is 
expected home in a fortnight, so I will send you an account of 
what I gain from him. ; 

All friends are generally discontented. I meta Quaker returning 
from a meeting at Heighington [Durham], and took notice of him 
as he was very well mounted; he said that it was time to look 
about them, or they would be all run down; and that they had had 
a meeting of 55. Rob. Markendaile, at Barnard Castle, told Mat. 
Sowerby and me that they are much troubled at Newcastle by the 
Act being put into execution, but that they will suffer with 
patience for a time, and wait the Lord’s call, and then doubt not 
but all will be in readiness to work out their deliverance. I was 
with Chr. Eyons and others of that clan, who say that trading is 
much down in London, and that the greatest traders are so much 
discouraged at the late Act against meetings, that they draw in 
their moneys apace, to the undoing of most young tradesmen ; also 
that a great quantity of cloth was shipped for beyond sea, and all 
taken out again. They think, if there be a rising, it will begin 
in the South, but the North will produce powerful backers. 

I desire to hear from you, as without assistance I shall spoil 
myself with charges in the business. They think there will be 
much mischief; I shall write every week if Ican. The meetings are 
kept up at Newcastle; Gilpin is the boldest of any of the speakers, 
and Pringle the next. The Mayor slights the informers when they 
give notice of the meetings. A lieutenant, one of them, broke 
his own neck, which was not a little made -use of. A constable 
apprehended one of the speakers, but was compelled to let him 
go, or the people would have beat out his brains; he informed 
the mayor that if he gave him 1007., he would never meddle with 
any of them again, as he should have lost his life if the speaker 
had not risked his own to save it. 

I have been informed of several ways they have of avoiding the 
Act, one of which is to choose a convenient house where others 
are pretty rank on either side and opposite, and so hear the 
preacher from the window; at other times they preach in the 
street. I hear from 2 Quakers that the Turks have taken many 
English ships, with 1,700 young men, and 700 married ; I believe 
from such stories that the Quakers would rather be ruled by Turk 
or Pagan, than that the present authority should continue where it 
is. [2 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 260, No. 186. See p. 418, infra.] 


_ Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Four vessels named have put 
in by contrary winds. [Jbid. No. 137.] 


Rich. Sherlock to Rob. Francis. My son is a great deal better, 
but I do not know how he will be at the fall of the leaf. Ask 
Mr, Pilk how I am to treat him with regard to diet, and outward 


CHARLES II. 343 


1669. 


means; I send Is. for you and Mr. Smith, who brings this letter, 
to drink my health. I beg to be remembered to Williamson and 
others named. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 260, No. 138.] 


May 25. Rich. Watts to Williamson. The north-east winds continue, to 
Deal. the impoverishing of the inhabitants, as they suffer not ships in the 
Downs, being a fair wind to Land’s End. No news of any kind. 


[Zbid. No. 139.] 


May 25. Henry Munt, Mayor of Harwich, and 4 others to Pepys. We 

Harwich. send a petition, and crave your assistance in it; if you will com- 
municate its contents to Sir Chas. Littleton, we shall feel obliged. 
[Zbid. No. 140.] 


May 25. Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. I want a supply of 
Deptford. sheathing board for the Sweepstakes, ordered on a voyage to the 
West Indies. [Zbid. No. 141.] 


May 25. Capt. Rich. Beach to the Navy Commissioners. I find there 
The Hampshire. have been complaints against me and my officers, about the im- 
pressing of men, and that some of our officers have taken 2 salmon 
as a bribe for clearing some men. I have examined it upon oath, 
and find that it was the master’s voluntary gift, and that my men 
had not pressed a man, but were coming away when the salmon 
was forced upon them; it was neither kind nor just to believe such 
a fanatic fellow, before examination, or the truth found out. I 
have not committed any action that I am afraid or ashamed of, nor 
do I believe my officers acted anything contrary to his Royal 
Highness’s warrant, or my orders. None have been pressed that 
had a protection, and I should have had no occasion to press at all, 
had not the merchantmen advanced their wages; whatever preten- 
sions are made by others, they will have as much occasion to press 
before they get to sea as I had. [Zbid. No. 142.] 


May 25. Rice Freeman, purser of the Hampshire, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. I cannot stow the 6 months’ bread ordered, by 7 or 8 ewt. ; 
I desire directions how to dispose of it. [Zbid. No. 143.] 


May 25. Capt. Stephen Pyend to Thos. Hayter. Understanding that the 

Rochester. yard at Chatham is in want of tiles for covering the houses, 
I will contract to deliver 100,000 at 21s. per 1,000, and will supply 
Holland pan-tiles as cheap as anyone. [Jbid. No. 144.] 


May 25. Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. I suppose the 

Portsmouth. warrant for felling trees in the forest is with you ere this; if it be, 
the 300/. promised for felling and converting will be wanting. I 
beg that it may be supplied out of the late sale, and that a bill of 
imprest may be sent to Mr. Eastwood to sign. The Straits ships 
are fitted and gone ; I desire orders as to coming to London, accord- 
ing to his Royal Highness’s directions. [Jbid. No. 145.] 


May 25. Wm. Penn to the Navy Commissioners. I send an account of 

Kinsale. disbursements for the Harp frigate. Capt. Crispin lives at a dis- 
tance, and was only twice in this town, and his charge could not 
be great, as all the concerns lay on my shoulders; but I will see 
him satisfied for his trouble. [Zbid. No. 146.] 


344 


1669. 
May 26. 


Stockholm, 


May 26. 
Stockholm. 


May 26. 


Chatham. 


May 26. 
Chatham. 


May 26. 


May 26. 


May 26. 
Chelsea. 


May 26. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Earl of Carlisle to the Navy Commissioners. There were 70 
lasts of tar, amounting to 1,090l..delivered at London to you in 
June 1666, by Wm. Forsfull and other factors for George Shuttle- 
worth, an English merchant, which sum is yet unpaid, to his 
great damage and ruin. I desire you will find out some expedient 
for satisfying the debt, or represent it to his Majesty and his Royal 
Highness ; I will second you if necessary, that his Majesty’s honour 
may not suffer here, and the merchants be discouraged. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. TI. 260, No. 147.] 


Earl of Carlisle to Pepys. If there be any obstacle about 
Shuttleworth’s business, inform me, that it may be speedily 
removed. [Ibid. No. 148.] 


Edw. Gregory to the Navy Commissioners. I have signed the 
bill of imprest for 5007., and desire to be paid out of money left 
in my hands by the paymaster. Capt. Moorcock and Mr. Moore 
beg that no time may be lost, as they want to fall upon the enter- 
ing of men. [Jbid. No. 149.] 


Capt. Edw. Mooreock and John Moore to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. We shall proceed to clear the river with all expedition, 
and desire you will hasten 3 months’ victuals for 70 men, and fish 
in lieu of oatmeal, the latter giving no content; sent us an order to 
enter men and to receive assistance from the yard, when neces- 
sary. There is want of spars and oars in the yard. We beg an 
order to Mr. Gregory to discharge men from the Sovereign, and 
enter them on this work, on which they were employed before. 
[Lbid. No. 150.] 


Damaris Cudworth to Williamson. I have ordered my son [Dr. 
Abney] to draw up another petition and letter, and beg you to word 
the letter as you think fit. I entreat despatch, having heard that the 
college has a person statutable for county whom they would elect ; 
if my son has not a dispensation, neither he nor Mr. Fanshaw will 
be chosen. The favour asked has been granted for 2 to Queens’ 
College, and there are 3 of a county in Emanuel College, where 
the statutes are the same. The Lord of Manchester has signified 
his desire that my son may have the King’s favour.  [Jbid. 
No. 151.] 


John Eddowes to [Williamson]. I served his late Majesty in 
arms all the first war, and received but one month’s pay, and never 
petitioned for anything. As Nathaniel Smith had a patent for life 
of the place of Clerk of the Presentations, but has resigned it to 
me, I desire you will get the patent renewed for my life, or for the 
2 lives. It is but a small place, and there is no fee or salary from 
the King. [JZbid. No. 152.] 

Eliz. Bere, widow, to Williamson. I am sorry I could not let 
you any lodgings, the great room being engaged ; but if you like 
to accept of my little chamber, I can spare that, and the bed is well 
aired. (Ibid. No. 153.] 


Sir Jonathan Atkins to Williamson. Thanks for your favour. 


Castle Cornet. Having returned so lately, I have little to say but that our 


1669. 


May 26. 
Pembroke. 


May 26. 
Weymouth. 


May 27. 
Deal. 


May 27. 


Portsmouth. 


May 27. 
Wapping. 


May 28. 
The Hampshire. 


May 28. 
Minehead. 


May 28. 


Yarmouth. 


May 28. 
Deal. 


CHARLES II. 345 


neighbours [the French] are quiet on our quarters, and all along 
the coast. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 260, No. 154.] 


John Powell to Williamson. The Monmouth still remains in 
the harbour, waiting for the Earl of Orrery. [Jbid. No. 155.] 


John Pocock to Hickes. A vessel has come into the bay from 
the East Indies, and another from Virginia; the latter met 40 sail 
passing up the Channel, most of which were Dutch.  [Jbid. 
No. 156.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. Particulars of the arrival of ships. 
[Zbid. No. 157.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The wind having changed, several 
vessels have left for the north; the Resolution, Mary, and Bristol, 
now at Spithead, will be ordered for the Downs, where Sir Thos. 
Allin’s squadron are to rendezvous. [Jbid. No. 158.] 


Sir Wm. Warren to the Navy Commissioners. I have advice 
from Gottenburg that that town is burnt, and that it is doubted I 
have many goods burnt with it. I bought 360 masts long since on. 
his Majesty’s account, and as it is possible they are burnt or cast 
adrift, if not stolen, it would be most requisite that you should 
determine whose they shall be reputed for the time to come, that 
there may be no question whose loss it is, or shall be. I desire 
you will peruse my letters and papers of March last, and send 
for the masts, or let me have them to myself, as I have not had one 
penny of the 7,556 rix dollars they cost me, which at 5s. a dollar, 
is 1,889/. sterling. [Zbid. No. 159.] 


Capt. Rich. Beach to the Navy Commissioners. There has been 
but one man pressed, whose name is Wm. Hamon, and this was 
before his Royal Highness’s order of the 22nd; I intended to have 
made him midshipman. The petitions were as true as the com- 
plaint of the salmon, as I have no man aboard of the name of 
Obadiah Spurn. I suppose it is not his Royal Highness’s intention 
that I should be clear of all those that were pressed before this last 
order came forth, any more than others that pressed as well as I 
did; but if it be, I must not disobey. I desire you to hasten the 
victualler, as I should have been in the Downs had the provisions 
and the pilot been aboard ; but as he is not to be found, I am forced 
to send to the Trinity House for one. [Zbid. No. 160.] 


John Maurice to Williamson. Two barks have arrived from 
Ireland, with woo] and tallow, and report the arrival there of the 
Abraham from Virginia, bound for Bridgwater. [Zbid. No. 161.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. The Duke of York’s pleasure boat, 
with the Countess of Carlisle, sailed yesterday for Stockholm; 150 
sail passed to the northward. [Jbid. No. 162.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Ten sail of merchant ships and 
2 others have arrived in the Downs, besides those formerly reported, 
The corn prospers, and there will be a large quantity of apples and 
pears, but plums and cherries are much blasted. [Jbid. No. 163.] 


346 


1669. 
May 28. 


May 28. 


[May 28.] 


May 28. 
Whitehall. 


May 28. 
Whitehall. 


May 28. 


May 28. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


[Sir Edm. Windham, Knight Marshal, to Lord Arlington.] Jane 
Lutterell, widow, of Marshwood, co. Somerset, being possessed of a 
treasure in gold and silver value 15,0007., Maynard her coachman, 
and Ann Cory who attended her, with assistance of others, after her 
death, got the keys of the chest, and secretly conveyed away the money. 
Maynard and Cory, with 2 others named, were indicted, and a bill was 
found against them, but their trial was suspended till next assizes, in 
order to a further discovery. The 2 latter are at large, and residing 
at a common inn, where their confederates make daily application 
to them, and the justices of peace will not act unless commanded 
by the Lord Chief Justice. Request that the prisoners may be 
arrested and secured, and that Justice Kelynge may be desired to 
engage some justices of the peace for that and other purposes. 
[S.P. Dom., Car IT. 260, No. 164.] 


The King to Lord Chief Justice Vaughan and Justice Archer. 
Statement of the above case of Jane Lutterel]l. As the justices of 
the county omit vigorous prosecution, and some of the accused are 
at liberty, and countenanced by persons of interest, we require you 
to order the justices of the county to make a thorough examination 
of the parties accused, and to use all lawful means for a full dis- 
covery of the fact, and of all the accomplices, that justice may be 
done therein. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 24.] 


Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 260, No. 165.] 


Order in Council that Lord Arlington prepare letters for his 
Majesty’s signature, to be sent by Sir Thos. Allin to Algiers, de- 
manding reparation for the ships and goods taken by them. [Jbid. 
No. 166.] 


Petition of Nich. French to the King, for a presentation to the 
rectory of Holdenby, co. Northampton, void by death of Rob. Hill. 
It has no tithes other than 44l. a year, payable by the Earl of 
Northampton, as tenant to his Majesty’s mother, for the demesnes 
of the manor of Holdenby. The Queen’s counsel and the Earl of 
Northampton are willing petitioner should have it, but cannot give 
it to him without his Majesty’s presentation. 

With reference thereon to the Bishop of Oxford, and his report 
that he finds the petitioner a sober, orthodox, and conformable 
person, and hopes he may be fit in other respects for so small a 
thing.— 25 June 1669. [Zbid. No. 167.] 


Certificate by Gilbert, Archbishop of Canterbury, that Hen. Woot- 
ton, M.A. on being admitted to a prebend or canonship in his 
Majesty’s free chapel at Windsor, took the oath according to the Act 
of Uniformity. With an extract of the oath so taken. [Copy. 
Ibid. No. 168.] 


Commission for Thos. Chichley to be captain of the company of 
foot in Portsmouth, late Tim. Blencow’s. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 20, p. 200.] 


1669. 
May 28. 


CHARLES II. 347 


Warrant to the Ordnance Commissioners, to order Jonas Moore to 


. make a description of all castles, forts, batteries, creeks, &c., between 


May 28. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


May 29. 


May [29]. 
May 29. 


May 29. 


Folkestone, Kent, and Southwold Bay, Suffolk, and to furnish him 
with boats and other needful assistance, and with such sums as 
they think fit for reward. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 144.] 


Draft of the above, dated 25 May. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 260, 
No. 169. ] 


Grant of denization to Oege Alles, an alien born. Minute. [8S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 145.] 


Docquet of the above, dated May. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 52.] 


Warrant for a grant to Seabright Repington of 3 fairs at Atherstone 
in Warwickshire, in addition to one already held there, and of 3 
markets, to be held for 3 weeks successively after Epiphany, for sale 
of cattle, in addition to a weekly market held there. [Zbid.] 


The King to the Vice-Chancellor and heads of colleges in Cam- 
bridge. We understand that you have expelled Dan. Scargell, B.A., 
fellow of Corpus Christi, for publishing heretical opinions, tending 
to Atheism. We much approve your proceedings, which will be a 
precedent for others to beware; but as Scargell wishes to make an 
open recantation, and to declare his future adherence to the doctrine 
and discipline of the Church of England, on his doing so, we recom- 
mend him to your moderation, and request his restoration to the 
University and to his fellowship. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 27, 
f. 148.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of Bevil 
Skelton, for the benefit of the recognizance of [George ?] Snelling 
for 200., and [his sureties], John Jennings, Jo. Alworth, and 
George Cromwell, 1007. each, forfeit by his non-appearance in 
the King’s Bench the first day of Easter term. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 33, p. 33.] 


Warrant to the Ordnance Commissioners to deliver 700 barrels of 
gunpowder to Thos. Warren, on security to pay the value within a 
year, in double-refined and well-conditioned saltpetre. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 138.] 


Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 260, No. 170.] 


Warrant to Sir Edw. Walker, Garter King, and the other officers 
of arms, to grant to Mary Butler, wife of Sir George Hamilton, 
and Elizabeth Butler, wife of Col. John Fitzpatrick, daughters of 
Thomas Butler, Viscount Thurles, son and heir of Walter, Earl of 
Ormond and Ossory, the same precedence which they would have 
had if their father had lived to become Earl of Ormond and Ossory. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 145.] 


Similar warrant for Frances McCarty, daughter of Charles McCarty 
Viscount Muskerry, and son and heir of Donogh Earl of Clancarty, 
who died before his father, being killed at sea in service against the 
Dutch. Minute. [Jbid. f. 146.] 


348 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. 
May 29. Ant. Thorold to Hickes. I send a letter arrived by the Prosper- 
Lyme. ous from Morlaix; 2 other ships have come in from places named. 


[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 260, No. 171.] 


May 29. Capt. Rich. Beach to the Navy Commissioners. I think there is 
The Hampshire, nothing immodest in my last, as the complaints have been credited, 
Hope. and yet what men we had were lawfully pressed. If it were his Royal 
Highness’s pleasure that all that have been pressed since the first 
should be discharged, the Portland, Constant Warwick, and Fore- 
sight would have had orders to deliver their men; but I conceive it 
is a pique against me; I have done nothing that I am afraid or 
ashamed of. I desire an order to the Trinity House for a pilot to 
the Downs, having his Royal Highness’s orders to go there, but the 
pilot ordered for me is not to be heard of. I have discharged the 
2 men, as ordered, and have not many more to discharge, but what 
I shall press anew. Noted 1 June, that Col. Middleton under- 
took the business of the pilot to-morrow, at Trinity House. [Jbid. 
No. 172.] 


May 30. Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. I have sent the 
Portsmouth. order to the New Forest, and on Tuesday will send 40 men to work 
there, go myself and see all things put in order, and mark the 
fittest timber. Pray send 40 or 50 shipwrights to fill the places of 
those sent to the forest, and a supply of tar to put the works in 
hand afloat. Let order be given that the men in the forest may 
receive their arrears, the better to encourage them. [2 pages. Ibid. 


No. 173.] 
May 30. Chas. Whittington to Lord Arlington. I beg for an answer as to 
Hull. what proceedings I am to adopt to prevent the importation of corn, 


another vessel having come in with 90 lasts, and tendered their 
customs, which has been refused. The first vessel has landed 
30 lasts, but I have clapped locks on the cellar doors, and secured 
it till further order, and shall do the same with the rest of the 
corn, which they intend to land forthwith. I hear that you, the 
Lord Keeper, and others were to consider of a way to prevent the 
importation, and to give orders to the officers of the Customs. 


[Zbid. No. 174.] : 


May 30. Same to Williamson. Particulars of the arrival and departure 
Hull. of ships. [Zbid. No. 175.] 


May 30. Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Spanish Ambassador with 

Portsmouth. his retinue arrived last Friday, and have been complimented by the 
Mayor, aldermen, and deputy-governor. There were great rejoicings 
yesterday, in honour of his Majesty’s birthday, by the guns from the 
town, those from Sir Thos. Allin’s fleet at Spithead, and those from 
the Isle of Wight, the Ambassador being a spectator of what passed. 
[Lbid. No. 176.] 


May 30. Rich. Watts to Williamson. About 36 ships have arrived from 
Deal. several ports, 12 being stout ones from the Straits, and another an 
Kast Indiaman. There are 10 in the Downs outward bound. [Jbid. 

No. 177.] | 


1669. 
May 31. 


May 31. 
Cambridge. 


May 31. 


May 51. 


[May.] 


CHARLES II. 349 


Levant Company to Sir Dan. Harvey, Ambassador [in Turkey]. 
Pray procure the Grand Seignior’s usual command, investing Sir 
Clement Harby as Consul in the Morea, and send it with your lord- 
ship's commission by express to Petras, so as to meet Sir Clement 
there. We have found it requisite, for the better management of 
affairs, to establish a Consul there, as some disturbance was caused 
last year by the French Consul. We have received your letters of 
December and February, and the last being from Constantinople, we 
congratulate you on your safe arrival, but shall take some days 
longer to consider their contents and to answer them. [Levant 
Papers, Vol. 5, p. 209.] 


Dr. R. Cudworth to Williamson. There will be 3 beadles’ places 
void before long, and I apprehend the University will have elec- 
tions, so I conceive it not impossible but Mr. Blarker] might be 
chosen, if you will write to the Vice-Chancellor to promote his being 
nominated ; for then both the freedom of elections and the end of 
the King’s letter would be answered. If you will venture upon 
this way, I will serve you to the utmost, in our college and else- 
where. I am informed by my son, Dr. Abney, that you were the 
principal instrument in satisfying Lord Arlington as to Mr. Fan- 
shaw’s letter, so that the college might have their liberty, and I 
thank you for it. My wife presents her humble service. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. II. 260, No. 178.] 


Warrant to the Ordnance Commissioners to grant a discharge to 
Sir Thos. Allin, for 8 barrels of gunpowder, 7 of which he thought . 
fit for the good of the service to give to the Governor of Algiers, 
and one to the Governor of Tunis. [S.P. Dom. Entry Book 30, 


f. 145. 


Reference of the petition of Capt. Michael Fleming, for the fee 
absolute, and further remainder of the estate of his predecessors, to 
the Solicitor-General, who is to ascertain what number of heirs of 
the said estate are in being. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 34.] 


Grant to the Duke of Albemarle of 38/. 13s. 1ldd. a year, from 
the King’s rents in Middlesex and Essex, during the Queen’s life, 
and 207. during the Queen Mother’s life, in lieu of the same sums 
granted him on the jointures of the said Queens, as part of the 
7,000}. a year granted him in 1661. [Zbid.] 


Memorandum that the total amount of Militia money received 
from several counties was 23,0110. 12s. 6d. The total of all pay- 
ments made for raising and maintaining 18 troops in the year 
1666 was 20,139. 4s. 10d., and so there remains in Sir Stephen 
Fox’s hands 2,872. 7s. 8d. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 260, No. 181.) 


Capt. Rich. Trevanion to Sir John Mennes. I have come to 
answer what objections may be alleged against me concerning 
tickets; if there be any, I should willingly satisfy you, and if there 


350 


1669. 


June 1. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


be not any, I desire to have my tickets, as the loss of time at 
this present will be a great hindrance. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 260, 
No. 182.] 


Certificate by Sir Thos. Allin, that Thos. Melmoth has been 
muster master under his command, from the date of his warrant 
until the discharge of the Monmouth, 30 April 1669. [Zbid. 
No. 183.] 

Lists sent by Morgan Lodge to Williamson, of King’s and mer- 
chant ships in the Downs, the state of the wind, time of the arrival © 
and despatch of mails, &c.:— 


alos Matis. 
YoL'260.) Date. | 2 3 | Wind. (=————— REMARKS. 
No. Š £ Arrival. | Despatch. 
184 |May 1| 220 WwW — 7 pm. | Divers more ships are gone 
through. 
185 OES WON e E 
186 R S EELS a S NEW: — 7 pm: 
187 D 2! 38] 17 | N.N.W. — 7 p.m. 
188 5 BE WNW — 
189 S 6 985) ial Swe = En 
190 7n ES W. 2 L 
191 LO ETEO OEN E. = = 
192 sep Lr LTI NE: — — 
193 E N E. eee 
194 Sao ed ENE == = 
195 1 a oie NES p= 4.30 
196 » 14} 1|—]| N.E. — — 
197 E EN E i Gm 
198 » 16 l 1 N.E. — — 
199 E ah NIE. i & pan, 
200 sly | ae |) att aS erat = 6 p.m. 
201 N S RE -= = 
202 I EEN —— 136 p.ra 
203 os asta i SNe ae ae 
204 > Pale Aah Wl Ne =) Bpan 
205 25 ie 1) Ab NE — || 7 pin, 
206 yee | ME) ASS W: — |6.30p.m. 
207 9 RTT LO ee S W: =1) | pam, 
208 RSE OW TSCA We at ne A ae 
209 aoe alae Ss —‘| 8 p.m. 
210 OU 2 | 19 — — 8 p.m. 
| \ 


[Lord Arlington] to the Mayor of Exeter. All the use I could 
make of your letter, about. Mr. Glide’s impertinent and indiscreet 
appearance in the Council Chamber of the city, with a pretended 
message from his Majesty, was to acquaint his Majesty with it, who 
commanded me to bid the mayor, in his name, to prevent, with care 
and discretion, all unlawful assemblies of that kind, which by their 
excess in number, or manner of behaviour, may endanger the public 
peace, and give affront to the established worship or government of 
the Church ; and to proceed according to law against the preacher 
and the principal offenders therein. As for Mr. Glide, you may 
make such account of him as his deportment and value in the city 
have put upon him. [Draft, holograph. 1} pages. S.P. Dom., 
Car. II, 261, No. 1.] i 


1669, 


June 1. 
Deal. 


June 1. 


Alban Hall, 


1 
June -ty 
Genoa. 


June 1. 
Whitehall. 


June 2. 
Chatham. 


June 2. 
The Roebuck, 
Downs. 


June 2. 
Chatham. 


CHARLES II. 351 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. The wind changing, nearly all the 
ships have left ; there is a report that Taffaletta intends to besiege 
Algiers by land, and us by sea; the Dutch joining us, and Taffaletta 
taking it, we are to be free for ever. Two Virginia ships have 
come in. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 261, No. 2.] 


Dr. Thos. Lamplugh to Rob. Francis. I desire your assistance 
in hastening a grant of a prebend of Worcester, which the King 
has conferred upon me. [Jbid. No. 3. See p. 358, imfra.] 


Earl of Winchilsea to [Lord Arlington]. Particulars of a journey 
from Malta. At Florence the Grand Duke showed me a new map 
of the progress of the fire of Catania, which is now entered into 
the city, and is progressing into the sea. I expect to have a per- 
fect draft of that fire, which I design for his Majesty. Virgil, in his 
Georgics, names this fiery mountain [Etna] as breaking out on the 
death of Julius Ceesar. 

From Florence I went to Pisa and Leghorn, and thence to Venice, 
where | met a galley from this State sent for me. The Republic 
would have received me publicly, but I went by invitation to the © 
house of Signor Giovanni Agostino Durazzo, to whom I had shown 
civilities when he was Ambassador at Constantinople ; all our nation 
here much express their obligations to this family. This morning 
I depart for Marseilles, thence to Paris, where I leave my son, and 
thence in all haste for England. [Jbid. No. 4.] 


Sec. Trevor to Sir Job Charleton, Chief Justice, and the Sheriffs 
of Chester. You are to proceed according to law against Darcy 
Lassells, who was formerly reprieved by the King’s order, and to 
execute the sentence of death, unless from something at the trial, 
you see good cause to suspend it. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 28, 
f. 25.] 


Edw. Gregory to the Navy Commissioners. I paid the men em- 
ployed in weighing the wrecks their arrears, out of the 5007. left in 
my hands by Mr. Hutchinson, and send the account. Let a bill be 
made out for the sum, to enable me to clear my imprest, having 
entered 56 men more since the discharge of these. Yesterday the 
purser’s servant of the Montague was towed ashore and publicly 
discharged. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 261, No. 5.] 


Capt. Geo. Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. I want a supply 
of cables. The frigate is in good condition, and sails well, but I 
have only 40 men. [Jbid. No. 6.] 


John Moore and Edw. Moorcock to the Navy Commissioners. 
We paid all the charge up to 31 May, and entered 56 men, but are 
disappointed for want of victuals, and the agent will not deliver 
any, so we are constrained to buy. We are preparing to heave the 
Dutch ship ashore, and will then go to the Muscle Bank, where the 
wrecks lie most dangerous to ships passing. Hasten a supply 
of oars, and spars for long staves for boat hooks. Understanding 
that the Mackler is to load with elm timber, we have delayed her 


352 


1669. 


June 2. 
Mary yacht, 
Dublin. 


June 2. 


[June 2.] 


June 2. 


June 2. 
Whitehall. 


June 2. 
Milford. 


June 2. 


June 3. 
Gruell. 


June 3. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


voyage till further order, as we cannot well proceed without her 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 261, No. 7.] 

Capt. James Sharland to the Navy Commissioners. I send 
2 ships’ books. I have received the 2 cables, but no boatswain or 
carpenter's stores, as promised. [Zbid. No. 8.] 


Capt. Pet. Bowen to Thos. Hayter. Pray send me 40 protection 
tickets for our men, and 2 sea-books for the use of my ship, the 
Centurion. [Lbid. No. 9.] 

Petition of Capt. John Tinker, attendant of the dockyard at 
Portsmouth, to the King, for an order to the Navy Treasurers to 
repay him 950l., advanced by him in 1665 and 1666—when all sorts 
of provisions were wanting for the stores, and merchants were 
exact for present payment—in order to buy goods, without which 
the ships could not have sailed out of port, and for which Col. 
Thos. Middleton promised him repayment in 6 months; has made 
several journeys to London, but not yet received a penny. [Zbid. 
No. 10.] 

Reference of the above petition to the Treasury Commissioners. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 33.] 


Order in Council, upon the petition of Thos. Fitz and Hen. 
Brockwell, of the King’s band of violins,—setting forth that by 
reason of their extraordinary service in constant waiting, they have 
little else to depend on but their salary, payable out of the Treasury 
Chamber ; that on application there, they find they shall only re- 
ceive 20d. a day, which being but a moiety of what they formerly 
received, and not sufficient for their support, their ruin must in- 
evitably follow, unless his Majesty’s bounty is extended to them— 
that Lord Arlington is to prepare a warrant for continuing the 
petitioners in the establishment of his Majesty’s private music as 
formerly, and that their salaries are to be paid to them out of the 
Treasury Chamber as heretofore, notwithstanding the order for 
retrenching his Majesty’s expenses. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 261, 
Von 


John Powell to Williamson. A French ship with wines and 
brandy bound for Dublin has arrived; the Monmouth still remains 
in the harbour, waiting for the Earl of Orrery. [Jbid. No. 12.] 


Same to Hickes to the same effect. [Zbid. No. 13.] 


Sir Thos. Higgons to Williamson. Although I was but a day in 
London since my return from Germany, yet was I no less than 
3 times at your chamber to see you, but missed you. I hope with- 
in a few days to have that happiness. [Jbid. No. 14.] 


John Morehouse to the [Navy Commissioners]. All the waste 
that has been committed in the Queen’s underwood, since I first 
entered into Whittlewood Forest, would not have yielded 5s. 
I understand that there are great quantities of the best oaks and 
thriving trees lopped every year by the keepers, and those under 
them, under pretence of being for the deer, but really sold by the 
keepers; this breeds much destruction, and if not put a stop to, 


1669. 


June 8. 
Deptford. 


June 3. 


June 8. 


June 4. 


June 4. 


June 4. 


June 5. 


June 5. 


79880, 


CHARLES II. 353 


will spoil all the best oaks. I beg a bill to defray the charges in 
the work, and also a warrant for charging the country with the 
carriage. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 261, No. 15.] 


Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. I need a supply of beams 
and knees for the second and third decks of a ship building, and 
doubt not but Moorhouse, the purveyor, can send some in the first 
barge. I have thought of a way for cleansing the mud out of the 
wet dock ; if you shall think it fit on a survey, it will be done at a 
very reasonable charge. [/bid. No. 16.] 


Robert Mayors to Thos. Hayter. I want warrants to Deptford 
for receiving oars, &c., from George Body, according to a contract 
made with Col. Middleton, and inch boards and fir timber from 
John Shorter. [Jbid. No. 17.] 


Proposals by [Surgeon-General J.] Pearse for making the Golden 
Hand a hospital ship, to accompany the Straits’ fleet to Algiers, 
rejected as an unnecessary charge. [Jbid. No. 18.] 


Petition of John Andrews, B.A., foundation scholar of Christ’s 
College, Cambridge, tc the King, to dispense with a clause in the 
statute, and make him capable of being elected by the college to 
a fellowship, if they think him deserving. His Majesty formerly 
recommended Thos. Lovett, B.A., for a fellowship in that college, 
which was obeyed, though he was not a foundation scholar, and 
thereby the petitioner, though a foundation scholar of the house, 
is excluded. With note by the Earl of Manchester to Lord 
Arlington, desiring that he will move his Majesty for a dispensation 
for the petitioner, as the Master says the college will not oppose it. 
[Lbid. No. 19.1 


Grant to Sir John Shaw, Bart., and Robt. Tounson, on surrender 
of John Dawes and Chas. Cornwallis, of the office of collector of 
the subsidies of tonnage and poundage in the port of London. 
[Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 53.] 


Information by Ralph Smith, warden [of the Stationers’ Com- 
pany], and 2 others, of a book called “A devout Method of 
hearing the Mass,” taken in Mr. Sadler’s shop, and of other Popish 
books printed by John Winter. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 260, No. 20. 
See June 8, infra.] 

[Lord Arlington] to the Warden and Assistants of the Stationers’ 
Company, and to Edw. Goldegoy, messenger. The King under- 
stands that on search by the said company, several copies of Popish 
and unlicensed books were seized in the shop of Johnson the 
bookseller, but were taken away and restored to him by a constable. 
You are to secure Johnson and his papers and books, and any who 
have been privy to selling the same, and bring them before me. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 146.] 


Warrant to Charles, Earl of Westmoreland, to forbear accepting 
any warrants for fee deer, and not allow any deer to be hunted or 
killed for a year, in Moorhay and Shirley Walks in Rockingham 
Forest, the stock there being very small. (Ibid. f. 148.] 

Z 


304 


1669. 
June 5. 


June 5. 
Chester. 


June 5. 


Portsmouth. 


June 5. 


June 6. 
Chatham. 


June 6. 
Portsmouth, 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Thos. Page to Williamson. The enclosed are recommended to 
your favour. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 261, No. 21.] 


Sir Geoffery Shakerley to Williamson, Hearing that one 
Garside, —amongst divers others that had long fled from authority 
by shifting from county to county, and changing his apparel—-was 
keeping a conventicle at Bosly Chapel, 5 miles from Chester, I took 
a friend, and one of my own men, and went to the place, where I found 
him in the act of his pretended devotions, with about 200 persons, 
from whom I received much opposition, but more abuse by their 
foul language. I secured Garside, who confessed he had never been 
in orders, and sent him to prison, for refusing to give security to 
answer the law for this unlawful assembly. I hope to see the laws 
executed upon some more of the ringleaders. Their insolence is 
grown to that height that some of the chief of the female disciples 
said openly that the King tolerated their meeting, and that they 
therefore wondered I disturbed them; it will much lessen his 
Majesty’s authority in his subordinate magistrates, if some severe 
course be not speedily taken to restrain those confident expressions 
and practices. [Zbid. No. 22.] 


St. J. Steventon to the Navy Commissioners. I want direc- 
tions as to checking and keeping the time of 40 shipwrights, sent 
into the Forest by the master-shipwright, it being a new thing 
to send men out of the yard to hew a ship’s frame. [Jbid. No. 23.] 


Account of necessaries required for going down to sound ,the 
Galloper Sands; viz., 3 vessels and 2 good skiffs, 6 buoys, 2 able 
pilots, sounding leads and lines, and fitting instructions. [Jbid. 
No. 24.] 


Capt. Martin Carslake to Thos. Hayter. Particulars of the 
length and breadth of the Golden Hand. I have not taken in 
any of the stores, but hope to do so by next week, if we have the 


help of the ordinary. I need a carpenter, and a gunner, mine being 
ill. [Zbid. No. 25.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. I have been to 
Shoreham, Arundel, and Pulborough, to see what plank may be had 
for the new ship; and also to the New Forest, where I found all 
the men at their labour, of which you will have an exceeding good 
account. I marked out several suitable trees, and can see nothing 
to hinder the work, except their month’s pay, which they much 
urge, to procure provisions and credit, the country people being shy. 
I have seen all the shipwrights, and can only discover 18, although 
8 ships are building; they are forced to get house carpenters and 
labourers, and what other help they can; men from London are 
wanted. The King’s monthly pay of 2s. 1d. a day will not invite, 
while the builders are giving 3s. and 8s. 6d. to good workmen, there 
being a scarcity of men in these parts. I propose that the few 
men in the Forest may work overtime, as it comes to little or 
nothing, and much is to be done in avery short time. I want 
leave to come to London to attend his Royal Highness. [23 pages. 
Ibid. No. 26.] 


1669. 
June 6; 
Deal. 


June 6. 
Portsmouth. 


June 6. 


Barnstaple. 


June 7. 
Monday. 


Tower. 


June 7. 
Whitehall. 


CHARLES II. 355 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. A Danish flyboat, laden with deals 
and spars, ran aground upon the Goodwin; the Deal men soon got 
her afloat, and she is expected in the Downs with the next tide. 
[S.P. Dom. Car. IT. 261, No. 27.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Resolution, Mary, and 
Bristol are at Spithead, ready for sailing orders; the Portland is 
also there, waiting for the Spanish Ambassador to embark with his 
family. [Lbid. No. 28.] 


Wm. Wakeman to Williamson. Arrival of the St. Peter of Dun- 
kirk from Rochelle, with salt, wine, and prunes; 3 other French 
vessels have also arrived laden with salt. [Ibid. No. 29.] 


Sir John Robinson to Williamson. On Saturday I went to 
Newhall, where I found the Lord General much indisposed ; 
his physician, Dr. Needham, thinks he cannot be better until the 
water is out of his belly. To-day being Trinity Monday, the 
Society of the Trinity House choose a master; as I am one of the 
brethren, I must attend at the dinner at Deptford, or I would have 
waited upon you at Whitehall, [Jbid. No. 30.] 


Lord Arlington to Sir Orlando Bridgeman, Lord Keeper. My 
old friend, Broome Whorwood, on going out of town, left me the 
draft of a petition in the matter depending between him and his 
wife, which I promised I would advise upon before presenting it to 
his Majesty. Pray cast your eye over it, and give an opinion at 
your leisure. [Jbid. No. 31.] Enclosing, 


Petition of Broome Whorwood to the King. Before your restor- 
ation, my wife sued me for alimony, got a Chancery decree in 
the suit, and obtained several orders of sequestration of all 
my estate, for not observing the decree. Thereupon I appealed 
to your Majesty, who. heard the whole matter, and made 
order that I should settle 3001, a year upon trustees for her 
maintenance during her life, and also pay her 1,0001. in 
satisfaction of all arrears and costs: thereupon I sealed the 
writings, and paid her 5001, as also another 5001. by her 
direction to the sequestrators, who, as they pretended, 
had a much greater sum due to them by her. 

The sequestrators being clamorous for the remainder of 
their money, amounting to above 1,0001., there was a second 
appeal to your Majesty, who declared that what money had 
been paid, by reason of the sequestration, by my wife should 
be wholly borne by her, but that what was due to any officer 
or persons in the country should be paid by me; in obedi- 
ence to which, I have paid above 5001. more to the said 
sequestrators, and have their discharge for the whole, being 
above 1,0001. ; but I am nevertheless again prosecuted to 
repay to my wife the 5001. which was paid to the sequestru- 
tors, although your Majesty declared in your order that what 
was paid should stand, and commanded me to pay the 

z2 


356 


1669, 


June 7. 
Carlisle. 


June 7. 


Carlisle. 


June 7. 
Deal. 


June 7. 


June 7. 


June 7. 


Whitehall. 


June 7, 
Hull. 


June 8. 


June 8. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


remainder, which is performed ; yet wnless I submit, there 
is an order made in the Court of Chancery for the seques- 
tration of all my real and personal estate. I beg leave to 
attend you with the proceeding, and for you to declare 
whether I have not fully observed your commands, [S.P. 
Dom., Car. II. 261, No. 311.] 


P. M. [Sir Phil. Musgrave to Williamson]. The bearer comes 
prepared with an account of how the King’s affairs here stand, as I 
cannot reserve in my own breast what I conceive may be for the 
advantage of his Majesty to have made known to you. [Jbid. 
No. 32.] 


Same to the Same. I request you to procure an order for the 
discharge of George Elton, sent to Carlisle Castle by order of the 
Lord General two years ago. He was to have been released on 
entering into a bond in 500l. for good behaviour, but has not been 
able to procure any to be bound for him. I consider him a foolish, 
inconsiderable fellow, and able to do but very little harm, though 
his principles are bad enough, as he discovers when he is drunk. 


[Ibid. No. 33.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. The ship on the Goodwin was a 
light vessel, launched at Amsterdam, and built for the French 
King to fetch salt. The Constant Warwick and 8 others sailed for 
the Straits. [Jbid. No. 34.] 


The King to the Master and Senior Fellows of Christ’s College, 
Cambridge. We recommend John Andrews, B.A., a foundation 
scholar of your house, to a fellowship, notwithstanding his being 
of the same county as Thos. Lovett, B.A., admitted on a previous 
recommendation, although not a foundation scholar. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 19, p. 105.] 


Pass for Teage Steffon, ensign in Tangiers, and his family, to 
Ireland. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 148.] 


Reference to the Attorney or Solicitor General of the petition of 
Sir Phil. Monckton, for a trial in the county of York, on his infor- 
mation of great extortions committed by Rob. Benson, clerk of 
assize for the said circuit, who endeavours to procure the trial to 
be at Westminster. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 34.] 


Jos. Blaydes to the Navy Commissioners. I hope you will help 
me to some money, as my long forbearance has brought me into 
many inconveniences. Sir Jeremy Smith has been in town, and 
said he thought the accounts between his Majesty and me had been 
cleared. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 261, No. 35.) 


John Russell to [Pepys]. Receipt by Th. Turner for two pairs 
of decayed hand screws; I desire others in the room of them. 


[Ibid. No. 36.] 


Licence to John Pecket, merchant of York, to transport two 
horses to Konigsberg, Prussia, for Richard Reynolds, merchant, 
there residing, Minute. [S.P, Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 106.] 


1669. 
June 8. 


June 8. 


June 8. 


London. 


July 8. 


Portsmouth. 


June 8. 


Cockermouth. 


June 8. 
Plymouth. 


June 9. 


June 9. 
Whitehall. 


June 9. 
Milford. 


CHARLES II. 357 


The King to the Mayor and Magistrates of Plymouth. We require 
you to permit Stephen Akerman, late a soldier in the Dutch war, 
and now a grocer in your town, to exercise his trade, dispensing 
with the statute requiring the serving an apprenticeship, for breach 
of which he is indicted. Many persons in the town follow trades 
without apprenticeship, and he, for his services, deserves equal 
encouragement. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 106.] 


Notes [by Williamson] of an examination of Theodore Sadler, 
bookseller and printer, before Lord Arlington, as to being in posses- 
sion of several copies of a work called “The Brief Method,” and 
“The Passing Bell of Controversies”; also of the bringing in of 
other books from France. Also like examination of [John] Winter, 
printer, as to a book in his house called “ Meditations for Every Day 
in the Year,” being a translation. [S.P. Dom., Car ‘II. 261, No. 37.] 


to [Williamson]. I brought you a letter of recommenda- 
tion from the Resident of Tuscany, when you referred me to Sir 
Geo. Downing and the Treasury Commissioners ; but I have been so 
long delayed, that I must beseech you to hasten my despatch, so that 
I may proceed, or if not, may follow my vocation. I am astranger, 
and at greater expense than others, having come from Leghorn in 
one of the King’s frigates, and paid my passage to the full. En- 
dorsed [by Williamson], “Mine in Jamaica.” [Jbid. No. 38.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Spanish Ambassador is still 
detained by contrary winds; he went to see the King’s dock and 
the new ship building. Sir Phil. Honeywood, Deputy Governor, 
waited on him. [Jbid. No. 39.] 


Dr. Thos. Smith to Williamson, I hope you received my letter 
of 25 May, and will put me out of pain as to that business by 
next post, by informing me that you have excused me to the Lord 
Chamberlain and the Bishop of Oxford, and procured a fit person 
to wait in my room this next month, as I cannot possibly come up. 


[Ibid. No. 40.] 


John Clarke to Williamson. Excuse my long silence, through 
sickness and being at Exeter under the care of a physician; 
12 ships have put in from London and the East. [Jbid. No. 41.] 


Capt. Wal. Slingsby to Jos. Williamson. Send word where Sir 
Thos. Sandys and I can speak with you to-day, about 1 o'clock. 
[Zbid. No. 42.] 


Order in Council that Lord Arlington prepare a letter from his 
Majesty to the Bashaw of Algiers, demanding satisfaction for 
depredations on his Majesty’s subjects, and the offer of a fair com- 
pensation of differences by way of treaty, according to instructions 
to Sir Thos. Allin, commander of the fleet to be sent into the 
Mediterranean sea. [bid. No. 43.] 


John Powell to Williamson. The Monmouth still remains here, 
waiting to take the Earl of Orrery to Ireland. [Ibid. No. 44.] 


358 


1669. 


June 9. 
Falmouth. 


June 9. 
June 9. 


Brooke House. 


June 9. 


June 9. 


June [9]. 


June 9. 


June 9. 


June 9. 


June 9. 


June 9, 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. The Penrin of Falmouth, and 
Jacob of London, arrived from Barbadoes with sugars, give a very 
good account of the trade of that island; the Providence of Fal- 
mouth, entered for Holland, has taken in her tobacco again, and is 
ready to sail the first fair wind. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 261, No. 45.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same eftect. [Jbid. No. 46.] 


Order by the Commissioners for Accounts to Wm. Wardour, Clerk 
of the Pells, directing him to prepare and transmit to them an 
account of all issues and payments made in the Exchequer, out of 
the money arising by the Poll Bill. [Zbid. No. 47.] 


Mandamus to the Dean and Chapter of Worcester to elect 
Dr. Thos. Lamplugh, 8.T.P., to the prebend void by death of George 
Glenn. [Latin. Ibid. No. 48.] 


Presentation of Dr. Lamplugh to the said prebend, in the form 
under which it passed the Great Seal. [Latin. Ibid. No. 49.] 


Grant in reversion to Jos. Williamson, after Sir Rich. Browne, 
Sir Edw. Walker, Sir John Nicholas, and Sir Rob. Southwell, of 
the office of Clerk of the Privy Council, fee 507. a year. Minute. 
[Zbid. No. 50.] 


Docquet of the above. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 54.] 


Petition of Sam. Free, English merchant at Hamburg, to the 
King, for leave to bring in boards and timber of German growth 
which he bought, considering that the Act of Navigation rendered 
their import in English ships lawful; but some persons intend to 
take advantage of a passage in a later Act against frauds in Cus- 
toms, and to order them to be seized on if he sends them. Pleads 
that without such import of materials, at the present price of 
building, London never can be rebuilt. With note thereon, 
23 June, to consult former similar orders; reference by Council, 
30 July, to the Farmers of Customs; and their report, 3 Aug., that 
such import is not contrary to the Act of Navigation, and that 
since that Act, a special privilege was granted for import of Ham- 
burg goods, whether in English or Hamburg vessels. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 261, Nos. 504, B, C.] 


Warrant to the Treasury Commissioners to pay 5001. to Charles, 
Lord Andover, out of the Privy Seal Dormant of 2 Oct. 1668, as 
the King’s free gift. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 148.] 


Warrant to pay to the Duke of York 1201. 6s. 6d., with all 
moneys due from Sir Nich. Armorer and others, for certain prize 
goods and ships taken in the late war and sold in Ireland, and to 
deliver the bonds and securities for the same to the Duke of York. 
[Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 55.) 


Warrant to pay to Rich. Norton 1,3197. from the hearth money, 
for purchase of land for enlarging the fortifications of Portsmouth, 


CHARLES II. 359 


1669. 
and for the damage sustained by the proprietors, with 6 per cent. 
interest from the time the lands were taken in ; but no principal to 
be paid till the’ lands are fully assured to his Majesty’ suse. [Doc- 
quet, Vol. 24, No. 55.] 


June 9. Grant to John Williams, in reversion after Thos. Wiseman, of 
the office of Assay of tin, cos. Devon and Cornwall; salary 2001. a 
year. [Jbid.] 


June 9. Martin Carslake to the Navy Commissioners. I send a certifi- 

Chatham. cate for Nich. Luke, and recommend him for the carpenter’s place 
on the Golden Hand. I have taken in part of the masts and yards, 
but the work goes on slowly, by reason of our weak help. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. IT. 261, No. 51.] 


June 9. Edw. Byland to Col. Thos. Middleton. I presume Capt. Coleman 

Woolwich. has given an account of the disaster befallen the Portsmouth ; the 
Garland has the knee of her head broken short off, and is shattered 
down to the water. The Swallow of Ipswich,—Maning master, 
did it, and Capt. Hannam, who was on board, is of my opinion, 
that it will not be safe to trust the ship with this man. I hope 
my going to Gravesend was to good purpose, the ship making 
little water when I left her. [Zbid. No. 52.] 


June 9. John Moore and Edw. Moorcock to the Navy Commissioners. 
Chatham. We have removed the Dutch ship on to the shore, where she may 
be broken up, or made to swim; it is the same vessel that was 
disposed of to the gunner of the Henry. We purpose to hasten 
down to Mussle Bank, to endeavour to remove those vessels that 
lie most dangerous to the passage of ships. The victualling has 
arrived, but no spars or oars, which we much want. [Jbid. 


No. 53.] 


June 10. John Baldwin, purser of the Blackamoor, to the Navy Commis- 
missioners. Having been 18 months passing my accounts, I have 
become debtor to the victualler, and cannot balance, by the non- 
allowance of two certificates sent, for beer thrown overboard and 
casks lost by stress of weather ; if these are not allowed, it will be 
myruin. I began order that they may be allowed, all other pursers 
having allowance in like cases. [Zbid. No. 54.] 


June 10. Capt. George Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. Repeats his 
Tea SEEK last letter as to the want of cables. [Jbid. No. 55.] 


June 10, Edw. Sherburne and Fras. Nicholls to the Navy Commissioners. 
Ordnance Office. Thanks for an account of the gunner’s stores aboard the Harp 
frigate, laid up at Kinsale ; will write to their agent to take charge 

of them. Desire an order to Mr. Wilson, storekeeper at Chatham, 

to issue to Nich. Cheltenham the ironwork received from the 

Defiance, lately burnt, as it may be serviceable again in carriages. 


[Ibid. No. 56] 


June 10. Edw. Byland, shipwright’s assistant, to the Navy Commissioners. 
Woolwich. Surveyed the damage done to the Portsmouth by the collier; it 


June 10. 
Woolwich. 


June 10. 


Portsmouth. 


June 10. 


Portsmouth. 


June 11. 


June 11. 


Yarmouth. 


June 11. 


Plymouth. 


June 11. 


Deal. 


June 11. 


London, 


[June 11.] 


June Il. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


may amount to 111. Has sent men and provisions aboard, and 
ordered them to make despatch. Cannot give an account of the 
ship and master’s names, she being gone before their order came to 
Woolwich, but presumes Capt. Coleman gave one to Col. Middleton. 
[S.P. Dom Car. IT. 261, No. 57.] 


Capt. W. Hannam and Edw. Byland to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. Surveyed the Garland, and send particulars of the damage, 
and repairs to be done. [Jbid. No. 58.] 


Edw. Silvester to the Navy Commissioners. The chain lies in 
a wasting condition, far worse than if it were in its proper place ; 
4501. would complete it for a mooring for the hulk, and save the 
King 150i. a year. [Jbid. No. 59.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Spanish Ambassador is de- 
tained by contrary winds; the Resolution and 3 others are at 
Spithead. [Jbid. No. 60.] 


Certificate by the Earl of Northampton and 2 others, that 
Wm. Jones, of Cossiter, co. Northampton, is a poor and aged man, 
and has sustained great losses for his loyalty, to the ruin of himself 
and family. Noted that it is a copy of the certificate annexed to 
Jones’ petition. [Zbid. No. 61.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. Several laden colliers have passed 
through ; 100 were forced to anchor about Corton; a ship from 
Norway has arrived. [Jbid. No. 62.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. I send enclosures (missing) to you and 
Mr. Williamson from Mr. Holden. The George has arrived from 
Virginia. [Jbid. No. 63.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. The Little Victory and 6 merchant 
ships came from the river, bound for the Straits. [Zbid. No. 64.] 


Thos. Tyte to [Williamson ?]. Report that Sir Rob. Holmes’s 
ship, the Albemarle, not being English built, cannot by Act of Par- 
liament import Ottoman goods; that she is daily expected, and 
when she comes into port, will be forfeit with all her goods; that 
the factors will stay her in the Downs till they can procure licence, 
which if refused, they will order her for Holland, and the King 
will lose his customs. Requests him to draw a petition to be pre- 
sented that day in Council, for which Sir Rob. Holmes will wait on 
him, and the laders will pay him. [Zbid. No. 65.] 


Petition of Sir Rob. Holmes, and others concerned in the ship 
Albemarle, to the King, for leave to unlade from the said ship— 
being a French prize naturalized, and let to merchants for a voyage 
to Leghorn and Smyrna—the Ottoman goods with which she was 
laden, in ignorance of the Act for Shipping and Navigation, by 


which all such goods are to be imported in English ships only. 
[Lbed. No. 66.] 


Warrant to the Duke of York, Lord Admiral, for the delivery of 
2 prize hoys to Lieut. Rich. Sadlington. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 56.] 


1669. 


June 11. 
Whitehall. 


June 11. 


June 11. 
Whitehall. 


June 11. 
Woolwich. 


June 11. 
Chatham. 


June 12. 


Deptford. 


June 12. 


Portsmouth. 


June 12. 
Chatham. 


CHARLES II. 361 


Warrant to Lord Ashley Treasurer for Prizes, to pay 1001. to 
Signor Georgio de Paolo di Ragusa, as the King’s free bounty. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 26, f. 61.] 


Warrant to Sir John Howell, Recorder, and the Sheriffs of 
London, to discharge Roger and Rob. Bates, condemned as felons at 
the Old Bailey, for wandering up and down the country as vaga- 
bonds, with other lewd persons calling themselves Egyptians, and 
pretending to tell fortunes, on security to transport themselves to 
the foreign plantations, and there to remain during the time pre- 
scribed by their pardon of transportation. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 28, f. 26.] 


Reference to the Attorney-General of the petition of Sir James 
Norfolk, for a writ de non procedendo, rege inconsulto, to stop a 
vexatious suit of one Crake against him, for his place of Serjeant- 
at-Arms to the House of Commons. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, 
p. 35.) 

Edw. Byland to Col. Thos. Middleton. I desire an order to the 
storekeeper, to make out bills to Mr. Stafford for 6 pinnaces built 
by me, and also for a pinnace longboat for the Portsmouth. I am 
in hand with the Garland, and will make all despatch. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 261, No. 67.] 


J. Wilson to Pepys. There is a parcel of timber to be sold at 
50s. a load, by Sir Humphrey Miller. Ifthe largain be made, it is 
to be done by Thos. Tunbridge, master carpenter, whois to have 201. 
for his pains, as Sir Humphrey will only deal with private persons. 
[Ibid. No. 68.] 


Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. I surveyed Sir Wm. 
Warren’s Spanish timber and knees, and find them fit and useful for 
the service. The barge of long timber for the beams of the gun 
deck is carried down to Woolwich; the fault lies in the master of 
the barge, for he is gaining 1s. in every load by taking it there. 
We are sheathing the Sweepstakes, which will be ready to take 
in her provisions next week. [Jbid. No. 69.] 


Capt. Rob. Clarke to the Navy Commissioners. I understand 
that 44l. 10s. has been stopped of my salary for the last voyage in 
the Mary in 1667, although the officers and men, both in her and 
in the Monmouth, have been paid. I desire you will rectify this, 
and order its payment; it is very strange I should be so unhand- 
somely dealt with. [Jbid. No. 70.] 


Phineas Pett to the Navy Commissioners. There is an absolute 
necessity for entering 20 calkers to repair the ships in this harbour ; 
that number was pressed by Mr. Boultwell, the master calker, and 
they received press and conduct money, but have not appeared; I 
have sent him up with their names to receive your directions. It 
requires despatch, as almost the whole navy here is yet to be done, 
and will receive much prejudice if not speedily despatched. I send 
up John Daniel, master carpenter of the Defiance, and recommend 
him as fit to go as carpenter in the Golden Hand. [Jbid. No. 71.] 


362 


1669. 
June 12. 


June 12. 


June 12. 
Whiteball. 


June 12. 


June 12. 
Lyme. 


June 13. 


Preston. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Levant Company to Paul Ricaut, Smyrna. Complaint having 
been made to us by the administrators of the late Consul Cave, that 
you detain his estate, and the books and papers, we have denied 
that it is done by our order, we having only directed detention of 
such as would answer our demands on him which, with 2,000 dollars 
deposited by the owners of the Greyhownd, and interest thereon, we 
judged to be about 6,000 or 7,000 dollars. Supposing that the 
principal has been made good to our and the owners’ account, of 
which you are to take care, we have agreed with the administrators 
that only 2,504 dollars of the Consul’s estate shall remain in our 
hands, which is to be made good to our treasurer, with such interest 
as vou shall find has been received by Cave. As to the rest of his 
estate, together with his books and papers, we refer you to such 
directions as you shall receive from the administrators, to whom 
you are to give such assistance as may prevent any further cause 
for complaint. [Levant Papers, Vol. 5, p. 209.] 


Petition of the merchants trading to the Canary Islands to the King 
and Council, showing that since the reinforcing the Act for prizing 
wines, their trade is much injured, and the export of English goods 
and the receipt of customs reduced to one-third, whilst during its 
discontinuance, trade revived, more shipping was employed, goods 
exported value 140,000/., and bullion, &., imported, and customs of 
60,0007. a year paid; they request aid by a free commerce, to 
prevent the utter ruin of the traders. [6 signatures. S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 261, No. 72.] 

Warrant for a grant of pardon to Theophilus Birkenhead, con- 
victed of the manslaughter of Wm. Brooks, whom he is believed to 
have killed in self-defence. [S.P. Dom, Entry Book 28, f. 26.] 


Dr. Ralph Cudworth to Williamson, I desire you will stop any 
dispensation for Mr. Bambrig to hold a living of the college’s 
presentation with his fellowship, beyond the time allowed by the 
statute. He has had all favour imaginable, but is insatiable, and 
cannot continue longer holding these two together without great 
grievance to the college. Very deserving persons will wait upon you 
shortly, not for a dispensation, but for his Majesty’s recommendation, 
lest unworthy persons should obtain mandates elsewhere, to obstruct 
their preferment and the college’s liberty of choice. Mr. Bam- 
brig’s place, lawfully void, will be filled by virtue of a letter 
lately received from your office, and I hope nothing will issue to 
invalidate that act. [S.P. Dom., Car. 1I. 261, No. '73.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. The Windsor has arrived from St. Malo 
with canvas, and reports that the French fleet is out, and that they 
talk much at St. Malo of the tonnage being taken off as to the 
English, and of the new tax upon English manufacture in Nor- 
mandy. They are making great preparations for building ships, 
and have 8 of 80 guns apiece upon the stocks at Brest. [Ibid. 
No. 74.] 

Wm. Wearden to Williamson. I ask your advice as to how the 
mayor is to act with 2 common councilmen, who have been chosen 
in the room of 2 others deceased, and are willing to take the oaths, 


1669. 


June 13. 
Deal. 


June 13. 


Portsmouth. 


June 13. 


June 13. 
Chatham. 


June 13. 


London. 


June 14. 
Chatham. 


[June 14.] 


CHARLES II. 363 


but absolutely refuse the subscription directed by the Act. They 
have both been fined and imprisoned for non-payment, but they 
still stand out, and give very slighting language. The mayor and 
common council are resolved to prosecute the business thoroughly, 
being satisfied that if they cannot compel them to pay their fine 
for refusing, there will quickly be an end of our corporation, it 
being both chargeable and troublesome to be of our council. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. TI. 261, No. 75.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. The Little Victory sailed west- 
ward; 2 Virginia ships have arrived, and 5 more are expected. 


[Ibid. No. 76.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Spanish Ambassador is 
still detained by contrary winds. The Resolution and 2 others of 
Sir Thos. Allin’s squadron are at Spithead, together with the 
Constant Warwick, and the ships under her convoy for the Straits. 
[Lbid. No. 77.] 


Rice Freeman, purser of the Hampshire, to the Navy Com- 
missioners. I desire orders as to the disposal of 80 cwt. of bread 
remaining on board of my last indent, the ship being gone for 
Portsmouth, and I remaining in town only to settle with the vic- 
tualler. [Zbid. No. 78.] 


John Moore and Edw. Moorcock to the Navy Commissioners. 
We have transported all our vessels to the Mussle Bank, and shall 
remove all our crabs there, where the house carpenters, &c., must 
be employed to place them in the marshes. As it is so far from 
home, and so much time would be spent in going and returning, we 
propose to victual and lodge them aboard, and desire directions 
thereon. [Jbid. No. 79.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. I request you 
will move the Treasury Commissioners to remove an obstacle exist- 
ing in the [New] forest between the workmen and the woodward, 
as it will prove prejudicial to his Majesty’s affairs. [Zbid. No. 80.] 
Enclosing, 

Isaac Betts to Capt. Ant. Deane. Capt. Horn has forewarned 
our men of their chips, for he says his warrant expresses all 
waste, and until he has another order, we must not expect 
them. T desire an order thereon, as it will be a great stand 
to our work, for our men were much dissatisfied before. 


[Zbid. No. 801.] 


John Robinson, master of the James hoy, to the Navy Com- 
missioners. J am ordered to go to Stockwith for timber, but have 
not delivered the stores taken in at Deptford to the Golden Hand, 
she taking those from the shore first. I desire an order for delivery, 
and for small materials wanted; also for the upper works of the 
vessel to be calked. [JZbid. No. 81.], 


Account of proceedings about striking the flag at sea; that in 
1661 or 1662, the Earl of Sandwich had done it to De Ruyter, 
who struck to him; that Sir John Lawson declared he would strike 


364 


1669. 


[June 14.] 


[June 14.] 
[June 14.] 


June 14. 
Long Gallery, 
Whitehall. 


[June 14.] 


June 14. 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


to none, kept up his flag in Toulouse harbour, and hearing that 
De Beaufort, Admiral of France in 1662, declared he would make 
the English strike, Sir Wm. Berkeley who served under Lawson, 
refused even to fire a gun to him on meeting, until assured that the 
report was a mistake. When Philip II. came over to marry 
Queen Mary, the ship in which he sailed was shot at for refusing 
to strike to an English ship which she met, and the shots coming 
through the King’s cabin, he commanded her to strike, but com- 
plained of the captain to the Queen; she not only excused him, 
but said if he had done otherwise, he should have answered it with 
his head. The Duke of York stated the rule to be that English 
ships are everywhere to be saluted first, but not to strike again, 
only answer with guns; but if a single English ship meets a fleet 
out of our seas, he is to salute first, but neither are to strike. 
[2 pages. SP. Dom., Car. IT. 261, No. 82.] 


Notes of the number of guns fired in salute to English vessels in 
foreign ports since 1644. [24 pages. Ibid. No. 83.] 


Draft of the above [by Williamson.] [24 pages. Ibid. No. 84.] 


Rules as to precedence in saluting; that the sea salutes the land, 
ùe., that the vessel arriving first salutes the fort, except on extra- 
ordinary occasions, when Princes or some important foreign embassy 
arrives. ([Jbid. No. 85.] 


Report of the Earl of Sandwich and 7 others, that no foreign 
man-of-war should pass above the forts at Gravesend and Sheerness, 
in the Thames and Medway, without orders from the Lord Admiral, 
nor in other harbours, without leave from the Governor. That all 
foreign ships bearing flags are to salute first, and be answered gun 
for gun; other ships to have 2 guns less; that the point of flag 
striking is too important for them to decide on, and must be left to 
the King; and that all merchant ships must strike to the forts. 
[Ibid. No. 86.] 


Queries on which Sir John Griffith desires the Duke of York’s 
orders in writing, with replies thereto. No foreign man-of-war is 
to be allowed to pass above the forts at Gravesend or Sheerness, or 
any other harbour, without leave from the Lord Admiral or Governor 
of the fort; all are to strike the flag as long as they are in sight of 
the fort, and in case of refusal, they are to be compelled; all mer- 
chant ships whatsoever are to strike to the forts. The salutes of 
foreign flagships are to be answered gun for gun; of other foreign 
ships with 2 guns less. [Jbid. Nos. 87, 874, 87B, 87c.] 


Petition of the burgesses and inhabitants of Llanvilling, co. Mont- 
gomery, to the King, for a charter of incorporation by their ancient 
names, and for leave to enjoy their former rights and privileges, with 
such other additions as will tend to the preservation of the peace and 
well government of the town. Llanvilling has been a corporation 
for 500 years, and was incorporated by the Lords Marchers of the 
Barony of Powis, and so continued until last year when, through 
some members having of late years introduced some new customs, 


1669, 


June 14. 


June 14. 


` Pendennis. 


June 14. 


Norwich. 


June 14. 


June 14. 


June 15. 


June 15. 


CHARLES II. 365 


and abused and disused their franchises and liberties, a Quo wurranto 
was issued against petitioners, to which they appeared, and have 
disclaimed their rights and privileges, hoping that his Majesty not- 
withstanding would grant them and the Lords of the Barony of 
Powis a new charter. The town is a great market for beasts, 
sheep, and horses, &., and contracts. are made, and differences arise 
thereon, and outrages and affrays happen, which need officers and 
governors at hand. 

With reference thereon to Attorney-General Palmer, and his report 
that the town has been an ancient corporation, and enjoyed great 
privileges, and that the Lord of the Barony of Powis for the time 
being has had dominion there. That a charter of incorporation, 
with such powers and privileges as are contained in the annexation, 
is the desire both of the Lord and the town; and that such of them 
as are new are the same that King James granted to the town of 
Poole, also belonging to Lord Powis, and are in his Majesty’s 
power to grant.—20 July 1669. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 261, No. 88.] 
Annexing, 


Particulars of rights and privileges belonging to Lord Powis 
within the town of Llanvilling, as Lord of the Barony of 
Powis. [Ibid. No. 881.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 35.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. Three vessels have arrived from 
Barbadoes with sugars and cotton, and several others have been 
seen out at sea. The Endeavour from France has sailed for 
New England with wines and salt, and a Virginia ship with 
tobacco for Holland. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 261, No. 89.] 


Nich. Wood to Williamson. We wonder at not having the 
[Lottery ?] Commissioners’ orders one way or the other; there are 
sad doings here, and we cannot hope for any better in this town; it 
lies under a Fleming. The magistrates and better sort of people 
will not come, and we spend our money to no effect. [Zbid. No. 90.] 


Caveat in favour of Sir R. Holmes, that nothing pass of the estate 
of one Townsend, of the Isle of Wight, [forfeit] for the murder of a 
certain bailiff. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 82, p. 4] 


H. Sydney to Williamson. I want a pass, the King having given 
me leave to go to France for 6 months; if I have not a paper 
to show the Commissaries, I shall not be passed in the musters. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 261, No. 91.] 


The King to the Duke of Albemarle. We have granted leave to 
Hen. Sydney, captain of a foot company in Carlisle garrison, to go 
to France, and stay for 6 months, intending him to receive his pay 
during his absence. You are to give him a pass and licence of 
absence, and to order the Commissary-General of musters to pass his 


pay. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book, 31, f. 25.] 
Pass for H. Sydney. Minute. [S.P.Dom., Entry Book 30, f.149.] 


366 


1669. 


June 15. 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


y 

Warrant for a lease to Sir Thos. Clifford, treasurer of the house- 
hold, on rent of 5l, of 800 acres of Creslow pastures, part of 1,200 
acres which, when the household was provided for by purveyance, 
were kept for fallowing cattle, but some 250 acres were leased to 
Edw. Backwell, as the King’s shepherd, and the profits of the 
remainder reserved to the Board of Greencloth. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 24, p. 41.] 


[June 15.] Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 261, No. 91A.] 


June 15. 
Whitehall. 


June 15. 


June 15. 


Portsmouth, 


June 15. 
Treasury 
Chambers. 


June 15. 
St. Alban’s 
Hall. 


June 15. 


Dublin. 


June 15. 


Woolwich. 


June 15. 


Warrant to the Ordnance Commissioners to deliver to Jos. 
West 4 iron demi-culverins, and 8 sackers, with appurtenances, to 
be transported to Carolina in the West Indies. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 29, p. 34.] 


Warrant to the Treasury Commissioners to order payment of 
1002. to Dame ~ Leonard, out of the privy seal dormant of 
30 Oct. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 148.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. 
intends leaving at 11 o’clock, the wind being fair. 


Car, IT. 261, No. 92.] 


Sir Geo. Downing to Williamson. The Treasury Commissioners 
desire an extract of what Sir Wm. Temple has written to Lord 
Arlington, concerning the fishing up of some tin cast away off 
Ostend. [Jbid. No. 93.] 


Dr. T. Lamplugh to Rob. Francis. Thanks for the quick and 
clear despatch of my business, and for a box sent down. Let me 
know what the fees amounted to for passing the seals, and I will 
send the money speedily. I am preparing for Worcester. [Jbéd. 
No. 94.] 


Thos. Tilson to Rob. Francis. I send a copy of the printer's 
patent, which cost 14s., and will direct my brother to wait upon 
you, unless your occasions carry you to his chambers in Paper 
Buildings, Temple. I intend searching out something worth your 
notice, and will thank you occasionally to drop me a note into 
Mr. Gascoigne’s packet, who belongs to Sir Geo. Lane. [Jbid. 
No. 95.] . 


The Spanish Ambassador 
[S.P. Dom., 


Capt. W. Hannam, master attendant, and John Rudd, boatswain, 
to the Navy Commissioners. We want an order to the Ordnance 
Commissioners for what powder or materials we judge fit to be 
delivered to Mr. Young, master gunner of the Royal James ; also 
an order for taking up such vessels as we shall need, and an 
imprest of 100/. for carrying on the works. We intend. to fall to 
work on the north shore, and to enter 30 men on Monday ; mean- 
time the materials will be ready for blowing up the wreck of the 
Phoenix. (Ibid. No. 96.] 


Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. I cannot carry on the 
clamping of the gun deck for want of timber. I know where there 
are two large pieces convenient, that may be bought for 58s. a 


1669. 


June 16. 
Monmouth 
yacht, 
Pembroke. 


June 16. 


London. 


June 16. 
Milford. 


June 16. 
June 16. 


June 16. 


June 16. 


June 16. 


June 16. 


[June 16.] 


CHARLES II. 367 


load ready money ; if you will send the purveyor, I will direct him 
where it lies: it will be a great advantage for the work on the 
London. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT, 261, No. 97.] 


Capt. W. Fasby to Matthew Wren. I desire an order for pro- 
visions, having laid out all my money, and being forced to borrow, 
and I am very badly fitted with sails and everything else. I cannot 
blame the overseers, as I told them we were to return as soon as 
we had landed the Lord of Cork. I laid the yacht ashore to clean, 
and never saw a vessel fouler of barnacles for the time. [Jbid. 


No. 98.] 


Sir Rich. Ford to Williamson. Pray let Mr. Gore receive the 101. 
for Mr. Stratford’s charges, as also what my Lord has appointed for 
his reward. Endorsed, “ Mr. Stratford being the express to Ham- 
burg to the Earl of Carlisle, 10/. charges, 127. gratification.” [Zbid. 
No. 99.] 


John Powell to Williamson. The Monmouth yacht continues in 
this harbour ; no news. [Zbid. No. 100.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Zbzd. No. 101.] 


Sir Hen. Yelverton to Williamson. I was much concerned at 
hearing from my sister [Anne, Lady] Mandeville that my letter to 
you, thanking you for your great civility in the newspaper, had 
miscarried ; fearing I did not direct my last letter right, I have 
sent this by my servant, as well as some venison out of my park. 
I hope the earliness of the year and backwardness of the spring 
will be an excuse if it is not to your mind, but many think the 
early venison the best. [Zbid. No. 102.] 


Pass for 8 Flanders horses to Ireland ; with note by Ma, Anderton, 
that by virtue thereof, the same were shipped in the name of the 
Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, on board the Mayflower of Chester, at 
Chester, on 1 July 1669; and that by virtue of a warrant under 
sign manual, 40 other horses were shipped at Holyhead in the name 
of his Excellency, at his going for Ireland. [Zbid. No. 103.] 


Warrant for stay, during pleasure, of proceedings in the Court 
of King’s Bench, Westminster, against Rob. Benson, of Shipton, 
co. York, for misdemeanors in his office as clerk of assizes for 
Yorkshire, of which he is indicted by Sir Thos. Fanshaw, coroner 
and attorney in that court. [Jbid. No. 104.] 


Entry of the above. With note that Lord Arlington demurred 
to this, but the Attorney-General spoke to the King, the Lord 
Keeper was acquainted with it, and so it came to pass. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 149.] 

- Warrant for a grant to Sir Jonathan Trelawny, Bart., of 5002. 
a year from the coinage of tin in Cornwall, for 10 years to come, 
to begin Christmas 1670, on his surrender of his reversionary grant 
of the coinage and custom duty on tin. [Jbid.] 


Draft of the above. [2 pages. SP. Dom. Car. II. 261, 


No. 105.] 


368 


1669. 
June 16. 


June 16. 


June 16. 


[June 17.] 


June 17. 
Whitehall. 


June 16. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


June 17. 
Whitehall. 


June 17. 


June 17. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Warrant, on information of the Lord Almoner, to John War- 
burton, messenger, to take into his custody Thos. Warren, a popish 
priest, and put him on board the Nutmeg ketch, bound for Bruges 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 150.] 


Warrant to Sir Edw. Griffin to continue the pay to Thos. Fitz 
and Henry Brockwell, belonging to the band of violins, their salaries 
in the establishment of private violins, any order of retrenchment 
to the contrary notwithstanding, as by their constant attendance, 
they have little to depend on but their salary, which is but a moiety 
of what they formerly received, and not sufficient to support them. 


[Ibid.] 


Warrant to the Treasury Commissioners to take notice of the 
preceding warrant. Minute. [Jbid. f. 151.] 


Petition of John Lewis to the King, to the same effect as that 
calendared 5 May, p. 811, supra. [22 pages. K.P. Dom., Car. TI. 261, 
No. 106.] 


Reference of the above petition to the Treasury Commissioners. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 38.] 


Recommendation to the Treasury Commissioners, in consideration 
of his father’s loyalty and services, of the petition of Thos. Bridges, 
for the place of King’s waiter in the port of London, which may 
shortly become void, a prosecution being entered against Fras. 
Ducket, who now holds it. [Jbid.] 


Petition of the Aldermen and Stewards of the Bakers’ Company 
for the City of Chester to the King, to augment the liberties of their 
corporation, so that they may extend to any place within 2 miles of 
the city, and thereby remedy ali abuses and inconveniences suffered 
by the trade. Were incorporated in the time of Henry VIL, and 
had their rules and orders confirmed by Arthur, then Prince of Wales 
and Earl of Chester, and several succeeding kings, whereby they 
were bound to find sufficient bread for all the people that came 
to Chester, and were to keep and deliver the assize of bread once 
a week; no persons not belonging to the craft were to sell any 
bread within the city, but twice a week in the market place. 
Notwithstanding this, several country bakers have crept into a 
place within the city, to which the petitioners’ liberties do not 
extend, and make and sell great quantities of bread not of assize, 
whereby they abuse the people, and disparage the corporation. 
With reference thereon to Solicitor-General Heneage Finch, and 
his report that it will be for the good of the City of Chester to con- 
firm the said charter and extend its liberties as desired. [S.P. Dom. 
Car. IT. 261, No. 107.] 


i of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, 
p. 38. 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the Earl of 
Ancram’s petition, for the tin that shall be recovered at Ostend, &c. 
[Ibid. p. 39.] i 


1669. 
June 17. 
Whitehall. 


June 17. 
Whitehall. 


June 17. 
Brynkinilt. 


June 17. 


Portsmouth. 


June 17. 


Portsmouth. 


June 17. 
Deal. 


June 17. 


Falmouth. 


June 17. 
June 17. 


Portsmouth. 


79380. 


CHARLES II. 369 


Warrant for a patent to John Barroe of his invention of a new 
mode of raising water, and conveying it by pipes of wood, tin, or 
other metal, without the help of wheel, screw, or outward engine. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 107.] 


Warrant for a grant to Sir John Barkman Leyonberg, Resident 
for the King of Sweden, at his request, and to other followers of 
the Lutheran confession and their successors residing in London, 
of Trinity Parish Church, to be used for worship in the German 
language, with the same privileges as granted to the Dutch and 
French congregations ; the said grant being approved by the Lord 
Mayor and Court of Aldermen, and by the Archbishop of Canter- 
bury and Bishop of London. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 27, leaf 11.] 


J. Trevor to Rob. Francis. I have been a prisoner 12 weeks 
with an ague, and have not received any news-letter for six weeks; 
pray send it by the Salop post, until my departure for London, 
which will not be long. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 261, No. 108.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Constant Warwick has - 
sailed; the Spanish Ambassador left in the Portland, but was 
again driven back by contrary winds. Two ships belonging to Sir 
Thos, Allin’s squadron have arrived at Spithead. [Jbid. No. 109.] 


Sir Phil. Honeywood to Williamson. The Spanish Ambassador 
and his lady embarked on Tuesday, but the wind: changing, they 
were too sick to proceed, and have come back again, intending to 
go to Plymouth by land. He has sent to London for coaches, and 
desires he may have horses for his train. [Jbid. No. 110.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. A great fit of melancholy has 
possessed the gentry and good subjects, by the news of her Majesty’s 
miscarriage. [Jbid. No. 111.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. The Adventure from Barbadoes has 
arrived with sugars; the islanders are building forts on the sea- 
coast against any invasion ; the John, from Croisic, has also arrived 
with salt. [Zbid. No. 112.] 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect. 


[Ibid. No. 113.] 


Edw. Silvester to the Navy Commissioners. The length of the 
chain already made is 100 fathoms, and the weight 140 tons; the 
money received is 2007. If it is to be completed for the old place, 
it must be 150 fathoms more, the whole weight whereof will be 
35 tons, and it will cost 1,5007. I desire 400/. in hand to buy 
stock, 500/. more in 10 weeks, and the residue on the finishing of 
the work, which will be in 18 weeks. 

The master of attendance promises to move the hulk into 
another place, which will be more convenient, and there 150 
fathoms shall serve better than 250 where she was to lie; and the 
weight of this will be 22 tons, which will cost 9007. If this be 
ordered, I shall require 400/. in hand, and the remainder when 
finished, which will be in 10 weeks. I would rather do the former, 
the money being much more, but am so much a subject that I 

AA 


370 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. 
prefer his Majesty and the public before private interest; my 
having found such slack payments makes me propound the easiest 
and cheapest way for his Majesty’s advantage. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 
261, No. 114.] 


June 17. Capt. George Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. I received 
Downs. the cable, and orders from Squire Wren to have the Roebuck ready 
for a voyage to Ireland. I want provisions, having only a week’s 

supply for 40 men. [Jbid. No. 115.] 


June 17. Capt. Rich. Beach to the Navy Commissioners. The ship has 
The Hampshire, been surveyed, and although we have spent a month’s proportion of 
Spitbead. the sea stores, yet our bread-room is full, and some in the cabin and 
store-room. Iam promised a few deals to make a bulkhead abaft 
the mast in the hold, to secure it, and shall call to the victualler for 

the remainder of my bread. [Ibid. No. 116.] 


June 17. Abr. Ansley and Roger Eastwood to the Navy Commissioners. 

Portsmouth. I have been aboard the Hampshire, and find rooms which will stow 
the bread, so that the captain resolves to take it in. There is great 
neglect in the master for not looking to the stowing of the ship, 
but they say they took in all that came. [Jbid. No. 117.] 


June 18. Jos. Lawrence to the Navy Commissioners. I have repaired to 

Chatham. several places in Kent, and set a mark on all Mr. Mason’s timber 
that is fit for the new ship, which amounts to 300 loads; the quality 
is very good. [Jbid, No. 118.] 


June 18. Martin Carslake to the Navy Commissioners. I want an order 
Chatham. to come into the Hope with the Golden Hand, to get men either 
from the men-of-war there, or by pressing. The stores from 
Chatham will be got in by to-morrow, those sent in the Unity 
flyboat from Deptford being taken in, and some small part out of 
the galliot hoy; but we are told by Capt. Brooks not to take any 
more from her until further orders. We shall hardly contain all 
that is in her, and have room for our own provisions. [Jbid. 


No. 119.] 


June 18. Note by J. Sotherne, that his Royal Highness’s commission for 
John Brisband to be Judge Advocate of the Fleet bears date 
18 June 1669. [Zbid. No. 120.] 


June 18. Sir Jo. Skelton and James Blackborne to the Navy Commissioners. 

Plymouth. We send the appraisements and particulars of the sale of naval 
stores, in the custody of John Lanyon. We judge the masts to be © 
much undervalued, especially the 4 biggest, which were appraised 
at 1302., while we consider them to be worth at least 4007., one being 
a thirty palm mast, and cost his Majesty 200/., and the other 3 not 
much inferior; these are respited from the sale till further orders. 
We estimate the proceeds of the sale at 1,500/., and have enjoined 
the purchasers to take the goods away, in order to prevent growing 
charge. [Jbid. No. 121.] 


June 18. Order in Council that—upon reading the draft of a proclamation 
Whitehall. for the careful custody and well ordering of the New River, from 


1669. 


June 18. 
Plymouth. 


y ane 18. 
Hull. 


June 18, 
Deal. 


June 18. 


Preston. 


June 18. 


Yarmouth. 


June 18. 


June 18. 


Whitehall. 


June 18, 


[June 19.] 


CHARLES II. svt 


Chadwell and Amwell to the north of London—his Majesty ap- 
proved thereof, and ordered that it be prepared for his signature, so 
as to be printed and published, provided the Governor and Company 
of the New River defrayed the expenses of passing, printing, and 
dispersing it. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 261, No. 122.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. I senda letter received from Mr. Holden. 
Sir Bernard de Gomme, Engineer-General, has come down to see 
the new citadel finished, and has employed some hundreds of men 
to carry on the work. [Jbid. No. 123.] 


Charles Whittington to Williamson. Several ships have sailed 
with lead, cloth, &c., for places named. [Jbid. No. 124.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. Al the merchant ships have sailed, 
only the Roebuck remains in the Downs ; a Lisbon ship is shortly 
expected. [Jbid. No. 125.] 


Nich. Sudell to Williamson. Thanks for your advice as to the 
mode of proceedings to be adopted by my brother Roger and 
John Cottam, in their election to be of the Common Council of 
Preston ; I beg further advice as to the best way for them to pro- 
ceed, they being willing to accept of their places, and take all oaths, 
but they are not satisfied about the subscription. I have desired 
a citizen to attend you about this, so as to procure his Majesty or 
Lord Arlington’s letter to the Corporation, to have them excused, 
they being persons of peaceable dispositions, and beyond the accusa- 
tions of their opposers. This has been granted to others in like 
condition. [Zbid. No. 126.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. Thirty colliers have sailed for 
Sunderland and Neweastle, and others have followed. A ketch bas 
come in from Rotterdam, laden with merchant goods. [Ibid. 
No. 127.] 


Caveats in favour of Mr. Cooke, that no mandamus for a Senior 
Fellow of Queens’ College, Cambridge, and no grant of the estate 
of Paul, a Hungarian, late deceased, pass. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 32, p. 5.] 


Petition of Thos. Cumber, M.A., to the King, for presentation 
to the rectory of Stonegrave, co. York, the present incumbent, 
Gilbert Bennet, having resigned in his behalf, with concurrence of 
the parishioners. With reference thereon to the Bishop of Oxford, 
Dean of the King’s Chapel, and his report, 26 July, in favour of the 
petition. Marked “Lord Frescheville.” [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 261, 
No. 128.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, 
p. 39.) 


Petition of Thos. Clutterbuck, clerk, to the King, to be admitted 
to the degree of D.D. at Cambridge, without performance of exercises 
or other duties. Has been a great sufferer for his loyalty, and is 

AA 2 


372 


1669. 


June 19. 


Tower of 
London. 


June 19. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


not able to undergo the expenses requisite in the ordinary course. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 261, No. 129.] Annearng, 


Earl of Manchester to Lord Arlington. Having received good 
testimony from the Bishop of London of Mr. Clutterbuck’s 
learning, I am willing he should have his degree, if your 
Lordship will move his Majesty for a mandamus.— 
18 June 1669. [Lbid. No. 1291.] 


Certificate by Humphrey, Bishop of London that Thos. Clutter- 
buck is a person of much merit, religious, prudent, and 
learned.—19 June 1669. [Ibid. No. 12911] 


Wm. Penn [Quaker] to Lord Arlington. As thou art supreme 
Secretary of State, the person to whom I surrendered, by whose 
order I was committed, and who took my examination about a note 
suspected. to have fallen from me at Goring House, and as thy 
candid promises of assistance are strong encouragements, I make no 
apology for troubling thee with the enclosed, thinking that the 
honour which will redound to thee, by assisting the helpless, will 
far exceed any advantage that can succeed to me. Endorsed [by 
Williamson] “Young Penn, from the Tower, July 1669.” [Jbid. 
No. 130.] Annexing, 


W. Penn to Lord Arlington. Were I as criminal as my ad- 
versaries have represented me, it might become me to bear 
my sufferings without resentment of injustice done, and to 
esteem a vindication of my cause as an aggravation of 
my guilt; but it is notorious that common fame (a most 
incompetent accuser) has maliciously belied me, and that I 
stand not guilty of what my adversaries would fasten on 
me, namely, the denial of the eternal Deity of Christ and 
the Holy Spirit. 

If the observation be of any notice that Cornelius Tacitus makes 
upon the case of Petronius Turpilianus—who, though he 
deserved the punishment inflicted, yet because it was done 
without due examination and conviction, suffered wrong- 
fully—then for a greater reason must my confinement be 
injurious, who have been shut up under a strict and close 
imprisonment for 6 months, without the least formal cause or 
reason why exhibited against me. The Quakers, of whom I 
am one, are not remiss in pursuit of just, sober, and indus- 
trious courses. I hope I shall not longer continue a 
prisoner, merely to persuade the world I am not innocent of 
what I am not guilty. I desire that thou wilt give me a 
hearing, or that I may be allowed access to the King, to 
answer all interrogatories ; and also be allowed the liberty 
of the Tower, which it is customary for prisoners to enjoy, 
after the first or second month of their restraint. With a 
long vindication of his innocence. [6 pages. Ibid. No. 1801.] 


Information of John Cosiner to Lord Arlington. Being in 
the company of Rob, Hayes and Roger Edwards, I heard that Wm. 
Tewson, gunsmith, had reported the Scots to have bought as many 


1669. 


June 19. 
June 19. 


June 19. 
Weymouth. 


June 19. 
Chester 
Castle. 


June 19. 


Preston. 


June 19. 
Bristol. 


CHARLES II. 373 


arms in and about London as would arm 100,000 men, and to have 
carried them to Scotland. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 261, No. 131.] 
Copy of the above, slightly altered. [Zbid. No. 132.] 
Information of David Ogilvy, late major, now in the Guards, to 
Lord Arlington. Calling on 6 June at the house of Thos. Bird- 
whistle, a cutler,in Church Side Alley, nigh to Fetter Lane, a friend 
of mine offered to buy some swords; but they not agreeing to the 
price, Birdwhistle said he was indifferent as to parting with them, 
as he had sold more within a few months than he had done for 
several years past; and upon being asked to whom, he replied that 
it was not for tradesmen such as he was to be inquisitive, but 
that they were taken from him faster than he could make them. 
Endorsed “ Arms bought up by Scotchmen.” [Zbid. No. 133.] 


John Pocock to Hickes. Several ships stopped by contrary 
winds have put to sea for Newfoundland. The Paradise of Lon- 
don has arrived from Virginia. [Jbid. No. 134.] 


Sir Geoffrey Shakerly to Williamson. Since I took the Conven- 
ticlist at Bosley Chapel, I have taken another at Congleton, where 
were 100 people assembled, and their chief speaker, one Boden, a 
pitiful, broken butter merchant, has been committed to prison, for 
refusing to give security to answer his unlawful practices. The 
way we take to punish these people, and prevent their meetings, is 
by committing or binding them over to the next sessions, and pro- 
ceeding against them by indictment for keeping riotous and unlaw- 
ful assemblies. There is one Ambrose Price, a notorious and 
dangerous fellow, upon this account, who made his essay both at 
Bosley and at Congleton, where he resides; and as the mayor and 
his brethren are very remiss in his apprehension, I shall be forced 
to issue a warrant, as deputy-lieutenant, to some officer of the 
militia. [Zbid. No, 135.] 


E. Wall to Williamson. What the men I spoke to you of do is 
not in opposition to authority, they being men of a peaceable 
temper, and willing to serve and take the oaths of Common 
Councilmen, though they are not satisfied as to subscribing. The 
Common Council here, knowing them to be peaceable, only 
begins with them, and if they were brought in, would fall on others 
whom they conceive would not willingly join with them, rather 
to raise money by fines, than from any desire they have of their 
company. I could show several reasons to this purpose, but will 
not be tedious; only they are told that some put upon the like in 
other places have been excused by a letter from the King or Lord 
Arlington, and if it could be obtained by your means, it would very 
much engage you to your friends here, and continue peace amongst 
us ; there are enough willing to take the employment, and therefore 
there can be no necessity for those. [Jbid. No. 136.] 


Jo. Fitzherbert to Williamson. Particulars of the arrival of ships 
from Virginia, Barbadoes, &c. Percy, a Nonconformist from Lon- 
don, having by his zealous craft cheated a rich widow and married 
her, has set up a congregation in the town, and had upwards of 
600 people at Mr. Hollway’s last Sunday. [Jbid. No. 137.] 


374 


1669. 
June 19. 
Chatham. 


June 19. 
Woolwich. 


June 19, 
The Mary, 
Spithead. 


June 19. 


[June 19.] 


[June 19.] 


June 19. 


June 20. 


June 20. 


Portsmouth. 


June 20. 
Deal. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


John Brooke and Edw. Homewood to the Navy Commissioners. 
We are endeavouring to take out the provisions, &., in the Golden 
Hand, belonging to Sir Edw. Spragg’s squadron, but find much 
difficulty in it. We ask directions therein, and leave to employ the 
James hoy. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 261, No. 138.] 


Capt. W. Hannam to the Navy Commissioners. The builder 
has made 8 chests for the work on the wrecks, but I hear nothing 
from the Tower as to fitting us with powder, &c., which I am now 
staying for. The Garland is ready to sail. [Ibid. No. 139.] 


Capt. Rob. Clarke to the Navy Commissioners. The Dartmouth 
arrived here, and having expended 8 weeks’ provisions, has but 
5 weeks’ left ; the captain desires she may be in petty warrant during 
her stay, and have a further supply. [/bid. No. 140.] Encloses, 


Capt. Thos. Darcy to [Capt. Clark]. I expended sea victuals 
from 30 May to 18 June for 125 men. We could not take 
more than 2 months’ beer, or wet, and request to take in one 
month's of all sorts of dry provisions, and to be in petty 
warrant while here.—Dartmouth frigate, 18 June, 1669. 
[Zbid. No. 1401.] 


Grant to Seabright Repington of 3 markets and 3 fairs at Ather- 
stone, co. Warwick. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 57.] 


Warrant for a licence to Eliz. Tollemache, Countess of Dysart, to 
enclose’ a way in Petersham, between Kingston and Petersham, 
through the Court garden, as far as the Thames, another leading 
from Ham to the river, and a path, on condition of laying out other 
ways of the same dimensions. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 80, 
J. 154.) 


Docquet of the above, dated July. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 66.] 
Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 261, No. 141.] 


The King to Sir Thos. Ingram. There has been great waste of 
woods in Needwood Forest, which is in your jurisdiction as Chan- 
cellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, and several officers and others 
claim fee trees there. We require you`to command Lord Aston, 
Lord Lieutenant of the said forest, to order the officers to allow no 
trees to be felled, on any pretence whatsoever, without our special 
warrant. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 25.] 


Warrant to John Sumner, messenger, to apprehend Albertus 
Otto Faber. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 80, f. 151.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The wind being fair, the 
Spanish Ambassador changed his purpose of going by coach to 
Plymouth, and went by sea. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 261, No. 1414.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. The Mary Rose has passed through 
the Downs, having many of Lord Howard’s servants on board, and 
all his necessaries for his journey, so as to entertain him at Ports- 
mouth, where he is to embark. [Jbid. No. 142.] 


1669. 


June 21. 


od breve yA | 


Dover. 


June 21, 


Chester. 


June 21. 


CHARLES II. 375 


“ Advices received,” being notes from letters calendared above, 
and from the following :— 


Amsterdam, 47 June.—The Prince of Tuscany has arrived, on 
his way to Italy, upon the sickness of his lady. 

Warsaw, 8 June—The Castelain of Poland has proposed that 
the future King shall conform to their habit; learn their 
tongue, if not of the country ; not marry without consent of 
the States; admit the Salic law, as in France ; not resign his 
crown. To which the Chancellor added, that no foreign 
Ambassador should continue long in Poland. 

Stockholm, 11 June.—The Tartar Envoy is gone, but Seliendael 
went not with him, only an officer to treat for the ransom of 
Swedish prisoners. The Earl of Carlisle is yet incognito. He 
went to-day to the place called the Black Sea, to salute their 
Majesties. 

Copenhagen, 15 June.—The Countess of Carlisle has passed the 
sound with 9 vessels. Baron de Guldenlew is still in Norway, 
the ship that was to transport him being damaged. 

Hague, 47 June.—The Rheingrave is expected daily. The Queen 
of Bohemia’s creditors petition the States to order Boreel, their 
Ambassador, to solicit the debt in England. The Spanish 
Ambassador has acquainted the States with all that passed at 
Lisle between the Commissioners. Utrecht has consented to 
the reinforcement of our company, and a general view of the 
army this year. Capt. Evers complains of ill-usage in the river 
of Lisbon, on pretence that a Portugal ship had been as ill dealt 
with in Holland. The States order complaint to be made to 
the Portugal Ambassador, and information to be taken whether 
any Portuguese have suffered here. [13 pages. SP. Dom., 
Car. IT. 261, No. 143.] 


Jo. Carlile to Williamson. I can sometimes send news, but have 
been hitherto prevented through illness. I suppose Mr. Lodge is 
careful to do that as to Deal. Lords Chesterfield and Clifford have 
arrived, and informed me that the Queen Mother has again re- 
covered. [Ibid. No. 144.] 


Ma. Anderton to Williamson. Darcy Lassells, the notorious 
highwayman, has been executed. A ship laden with deals, hemp, 
&e., bound for Dublin, is reported to have foundered off Holyhead, 
and of 11 men, only 3 escaped. The fanatics are very bold, and 
have frequent conventicles, and there vent dangerous doctrines, 
tending to sedition, if not rebellion. Sir Geoffery Shakerly, the 
Governor, broke up one of their meetings yesterday, and carried 
the speaker to the castle; so I doubt not but in a short time, we 
shall suppress these unlawful assemblies, and thus prevent the 
ill effects of them. [Jbid. No. 145.] 


Walter, Lord Aston, to Williamson. Having information that 
Col. Vernon has cut down 100 oaks in Hanbury Park, in Tutbury 
Honour, of which I am high steward, and being informed by you 
that there is an order from his Majesty not to allow any such thing, 


376 


1669, 


June 21. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


June 21. 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


except by his particular desire, I request directions where I may 
inquire for such order if itisgiven; if not, I will stop the felling of 
any more, or the removal of that cut down. [S.P. Dom., Car. H. 
261, No. 146.] 


Petition of John Oneby to the King, for the place of seeing to 
the despatch by post, and the receipt by sheriffs, of proclamations, 
many abuses occurring by neglect thereof. With reference thereon 
to the Lord Keeper. [Zbid. No. 147.] 


Proclamation for execution of the Act settling the profits of 
the Post Office on the Duke of York; forbidding the practices 
of many persons who collect and carry letters, without authority 
from the Postmaster-General ; carriers to carry no letters but such 


- as belong to their goods; ship-masters to carry no letters beyond 


June. 


June 21. 
Chatham. 


June 21. 
Chatham. 


June 21. 
Deptford. 


June 21. 
Chatham. 


June 21 
Portsmouth 
Dock. 


the first post stage after their arrival in England, except those of 
merchants and owners; searchers to be appointed to discover 
and rectify abuses herein, and the Postmaster-General to establish 
posts on the by-roads, by 29 Sept. next, &e, [Printed. Proc. Coll., 
p. 270.] 

Draft of the above, noted as read in Council 18 June. [10 sheets. 
S.P. Dom., Car. IT, 261, No. 148.] 


Ph. Pett and Edw. Homewood to the Navy Commissioners. We 
find the 12 old furnaces must all have new cocks, covers, &c., 
which the brazier engages to perform with his own materials and 
workmanship, in the King’s yard, for 84/., which we judge it to 
be worth. With note that the Board thought the work useful to 
be done, but not presently, through their want of money. [Ibid. 
No. 149.] 

Ph. Pett to the Navy Commissioners. I want tree-nails, and an 
order to enter 40 shipwrights for carrying on the works of the new 
ship. Mr. Lawrence has marked out 60 trees of Mr. Mason’s which 
I shall be glad to have for this work, as the last of Clarke’s timber 
at Gravesend sent in proved very bad. It will save much expense 
and trouble to view it, and refuse it if needful where it lies. 
[2 pages. Ibid. No. 150.] 


Capt. John Tinker to the Navy Commissioners. The Sweep- 
stakes will be ready to take in her provisions on Wednesday, and 
will stow 170 tuns, and the bread and beef rooms 8 more. [Jbid. 
No. 151.] 


J. Wilson to Pepys. Mr. Tunbridge and the foreman are 
returned from marking Sir Humphrey Miller’s 80 trees, and the 
first payment of 200/. is to be made at Chatham next Thursday. 
Let the money be ready, as the timber is not to be equalled for the 
new ship. Mr, Tunbridge will stand to all abatements for defects 
in the measurements, provided he may have the advantage of what 
= found short marked, which is allowed to all contractors. [Lbid. 

o. 152.] 


Abr. Ansley to the Navy Commissioners. The rigging of the 
whole of the ships in harbour lies aboard unfitted, and no room in 
the storehouses for it, as also their cables. I desire that a con- 


1669. 


June 21. 


Portsmouth 
Dock. 


June 22. 


June 22, 


June 22. 


June 22. 


CHARLES II. 377 


venient shed may be erected, and twelve riggers allowed, and that 
I may have the assistance of the labourers for taking out the cables, 
&e.. [SE Dom., Car. T1201, No. 153.) 


Same to the Same. Proposals to alter the place for mooring the 
hulk, with the reasons therefor. [Zbid. No. 154.] 


Thos. Lewis to Pepys. I consulted Ben. Gauden about supply- 
ing the Monmouth yacht at Minehead, but he says that, having 
no correspondent there, nor any person on the place able to give 
credit upon so short warning, no present suppiy can be made there. 
[Ibed. No. 155.] 


Daniel Bowtwell to the Navy Commissioners. I send the names 
of 14 calkers pressed and warned down to Chatham, in pursuance 
of two warrants received from you. [Jbid. No. 156.] 


Mat. Pengelly, cook of the Defiance, to the Navy Commissioners. 
I have been to Chatham, and shown the clerk of the cheque the 
order sent, but find I am pricked out of wages, not being aboard 
the very instant the ship was burnt; although it was the boat- 
Swain and gunner’s carelessness alone that was the probable loss 
of the ship, they have both received their wages. Having a wife 
and 4 children, and having by the accident lost my employment, 
the want of which is almost my ruin, and being again bound out in 
the Sweepstakes, I beg an order to the clerk of the cheque to take 
off my suspension, and make out a ticket for my wages. [Ibid. 
No. 157.] 


Major Nath. Darell to Williamson. I have received your letter 


Languard Point.and his Majesty’s orders, and will pay punctual obedience. A 


June 22, 


~ Portsmouth. 


June 22, 
Plymouth. 


June 23. 
Treasury 

Chambers, 
Whitehall. 


great ship, and 2 men-of-war with a gailiot hoy, came into the Gun- 
fleet from the northward, and are sailing towards the river with, 
it is supposed, the Danish Ambassador. [Jbid. No. 158.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson, Rear-Admiral Kempthorne’s 
ship, the Hampshire, has come to Spithead, with the ketch ap- 
pointed, and both attend on Lord Howard in his embassy. Some 
of his retinue have arrived, “exceeding glorious in apparel.” The 
Little Victory and Dartmouth, part of Sir Thos. Allin’s squadron, 
are also at Spithead. The Spanish Ambassador having had a good 
wind since he shipped, he is presumed to be by this time out of the 
Channel. [Jbid. No. 159.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. There have 12 or 14 ships sailed for 
Newfoundland, Portugal, and the Straits, but none have come 
in. If the fleet touch here, I will give you notice. [Jbid. No. 160.] 


Treasury Commissioners to Lord Arlington. You report a mis- 
take in the date of a privy seal, in a certificate signed by you and 
Sir Wm. Morice, concerning the allowance to the Countess of 
Chesterfield, for extraordinary expenses in the Post Office; we 
reported the matter to his Majesty, who directed that you should 
rectify the mistake on the certificate. [Jbid. No. 161.] 


378 


1669. 
June 23. 


Falmouth. 


June 23. 
June 23. 


Chester Castle. 
‘fair were robbed yesterday of seven score pounds, by three high- 


June 23. 
Milford. 


June 23. 
June 23. 


Castle Cornet. 


June 23. 


June 23. 


Gravesend. 


June 23. 
Whitehall. 


June 23. 


[June 28.] 


June 23. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. Arrival of the Honor’s Adventure and 
2 other ships from Barbadoes, Hamburg, and Amsterdam. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. IT. 261, No. 162.] 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [Jbid. No, 163,] 


Sir Geoffery Shakerley to Williamson. Notwithstanding Las- 
sells was executed on Wednesday last, 7 or 8 men coming to the 


waymen in the road from Warrington. The thieves got upon 
Delamere Forest, and evaded the hue and cry. If any further 
course is taken for suppressing the conventiclers, let me be fur- 
nished with an effectual order, and nothing shall be wanting for 
putting the same into effect. Sir Roger Bradshaigh is staying at the 
Castle. [Zbid. No. 164.] 


John Powell to Williamson. The Monmouth is still waiting for 
the Earl of Orrery. [Zbid. No. 165.] 


Same to Hickes, To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 166.] 


Col. Sir Jonathan Atkins to Williamson. Ihave little to say, there 
is so great a standstill in most parts of Europe. The French fleet, 
gone into the Mediterranean, report that a great assault was made 
by the Turk upon Candia, but he was beaten with the loss of 6,000 
men, and the other side lost 4,000. [lbid. No. 167.] 


M. Johnson to Williamson. Having been misguided in the 
recital of a patent concerning the office granted to Sir John Shaw, 
I desire you to rectify the error, and send the bill for alteration. 
[Zbid. No. 168.] 


Sir J. Griffith to Williamson. I hear the Danish Ambassador 
is at the Buoy of the Nore, and will be at Gravesend by the next 
tide. I thank Lord Arlington for his order, as it enables me to 
know my position, of which I was ignorant before. [Jbid. 
No. 169.] 


Proclamation—on complaint of the Governor of the New River 
Company, established by King James for bringing the river from 
Chadwell and Amwell to the north of London—enforcing the strict 
observance of former orders, forbidding the opening of pipes from 
the said river without permission, or the defiling it by drains, 
watering cattle, keeping geese, casting carrion, stopping the cur- 
rent, destroying the branches, &e. [Printed. Proc. Coll., p. 271.] 


Lord Keeper Bridgman to Lord Arlington. I have signed a 
warrant for committal of Barker to the Gatehouse, but wish its 
execution to be postponed till I have told you some reasons against 
it. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 261, No. 170.] 


The King to the [Governors of the] Charterhouse. We recommend 
Edmund, son of John Debenham of St. Clement Danes’, to be 


admitted to a foundation scholarship on the next vacancy. [Jbid. 
No. 171.] 


Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 106.] 


1669. 


June 23. 
Whitehall. 


June 23. 
Whitehall. 


June. 


June 23. 


June 23. 


June 23. 
Whitehall. 


[June 23.] 
{ Whitehall.] 


June 23. 


[June 23.] 
[ Whitehall. ] 


CHARLES Il. 379 


The King to the Farmers of Customs. Capt. Doughty Wormel, 
who commanded a fireship in the late war against the Dutch, has 
lately made a voyage to Amsterdam in the Elizabeth and M ary of 
King’s Lynn, and brought home 10 tons of saltpetre for John 
Cocker, merchant of London, who assured him he had licence 
therefor; but the licence proving defective, the said vessel was 
seized. We have pardoned Capt. Wormel our own moiety of the for- 
feiture of the ship, and order its restoration to bim, on his satisfying 
the officers for their moiety. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 108.] 


Warrant for a grant to Rob. Stewart of the first reversion of ` 
an auditorship in the Exchequer, after the placing of Rich. Light- 
foot, who has a previous reversion, [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 261, 
No. 172.] 


Minute of the above, dated 26 June. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30 
p. 153.] 


The King to the University of Cambridge. We recommend Thos 
Clutterbuck, for his constant loyalty and great sufferings, to the 
degree of D.D., he giving caution for performance of the usual 
exercises. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 25.] 


Caveat in favour of Mr. Towerson, that nothing pass concerning 
any grant on surrender or otherwise of the office of Customer at 
Carlisle. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 32, p. 4.] 


Petition of Edward, Bishop of Carlisle, to the King. During the 
rebellion, the greater part of Rose Castle, the only residence of 
this bishopric, was burnt or taken down. The late bishop, now 
Archbishop of York, had as much money for fines of leases and 
casualties as might have repaired or rebuilt the castle, but he only 
fitted up a few rooms that remained, and built some outhouses, 
leaving the rest, as well as the reparation of the chancels of several 
churches, a burden to his successors. Has appealed to his Grace to 
rebuild the house, but as he declines to do it, the only remedy is 
to sue him by ecclesiastical law; as his Grace is the supreme 
judge in the court of York, begs his Majesty, as supreme ordinary 
in all causes ecclesiastical, to appoint a commission to examine into 
and decide upon the case. With reference thereon to the Lord 
Keeper of the Great Seal, the Lord Chief Justices and Chief Baron, 
and their report, 7 July 1669, in favour of the grant of a com- 
mission as requested. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 261, No. 173.] 


Petition of Jane Palmer, widow of John Palmer, bookseller to 
his late Majesty, to the King, for an order to the Lord Keeper for her 
relief [by a brief for collections] ; her husband printed proclamations, 
&c., at Oxford, and obstructed the enemy’s pamphlets, but lost 9000. 
by burning of his house, &c., at Reading, was taken prisoner at 
Worcester, and died at Lambeth House. [Ibid. No. 174.] 


Reference of the above petition to the Lord Keeper. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 39.] 


Petition of Broome Whorwood to the King, showing that in 1659, 
he was ordered by a decree in Chancery to pay his wife 3001. a 


380 


1669. 


June 23. 
Whitehall. 


[June 23]. 


June 23. 


Whitehall. 


June 23. 


June 23. 
Chatham. 


June 23. 


June 24. 
Chatham. 


June 24. 
Chatham. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


year during their separation; that although he filed a bill of error, 
he was served with process to execute the said decree, when on his 
petition his Majesty, on 18 Feb. 1664, ordered him to settle the 
3001. a year on his wife, and pay 1,0007. for all arrears; that having 
done this, he was again prosecuted for expenses on his wife’s peti- 
tion, and a decree given, 12 June 1667, that he should pay all that 
is still unpaid, on which his opponents advance their bills. 
Requests a reference, and rehearing of his case, that he may not be 
further molested. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 261, No. 175.] 


Reference of the above petition to the Lord Keeper, and Lord 
Chief Justices, and Chief Baron. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 40.] 


Sir John Bennet to Mr. Godolphin. I request you to obtain from 
my brother [Lord Arlington] despatch for Mr. Darrell’s petition, 
having a particular esteem for him. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 261, 
No. 176.] 


Reference to the Lord Keeper of the petition of Marmaduke 
Darrell, that the examination of a title to the coal farm at New- 
castle, between him and Sir Jeremy Whichcott, may be referred to 
the said Lord Keeper. [S.P Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 40.] 


Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. Pray appoint a 
time for finishing my accounts, that they may be fit to present to 
the Auditors of the Imprest, with those already passed. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 261, No. 177.] 


John Moore and Edw. Moorcock to the Navy Commissioners. 
We tried to weigh one of the wrecks lying in the Channel at the 
the Mussle Bank, but have broken one of our cables. They lift very 
heavy, being full of stiff clay, and settled 7 or 8 feet; the one we 
are now about had, at low water, 10 feet of water on the top of 
her forecastle. [Zbid. No. 178.] 


The King to the Vice-Chancellor of Cambridge. Chris. Bam- 
brig, B.D., late Fellow of Christ’s College, has enjoyed a benefice on 
the College’s presentation, as long as the local statutes would permit. 
The Master has lately declared it to be void, but Bambrig will not 
comply, and creates trouble to the Master and Fellows. We wish the 
matter to be referred to your Chancellor, the Earl of Manchester, 
according to the statutes, and meantime you are to forbear all pro- 
ceedings upon the difference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 27, f. 148.] 


John Brooke and Edw. Homewood to the Navy Commissioners. 
The Golden Hand became so leaky, after taking in her provisions, 
that she had 6 feet of water in her hold in 86 hours; we have been 
constrained to lighten her to make her tight. The provisions for 
Sir Edw. Spragg’s division I have directed the master of the 
hoy to put on board the Jerusalem. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 261, 
No. 179. i 

Edw. Gregory to the Navy Commissioners. The petitioner omits 
to give the genuine reason of the stoppage of his tickets. He stands 
checked out of victuals and wages upon all the books, for total 
neglect of duty, having never given the least attendance to the 


1669. 


June 24. 
Spithead. 


June 24. 
Bridlington, 


June 25. 
Plymouth. 


June 25. 


[June 25]. 


’ CHARLES II. 381 


ship, from the time of her entry into the harbour, to that of her 
being lost. It is well for him that the Council of War took so little 
notice of his absence ; but if you command me to take off his check, 
I will make out and deliver his ticket. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 
261, No. 180.] Encloses, 


Petition of Mathew Pengelly, cook of the Defiance, to the Navy 
Commissioners, for an order to the clerks to make out a 
ticket for his wages ; they were stopped, with those of the other 
officers, until a Cowncil of War should pass wpon them touch- 
ing the loss of the ship, which has now been cleared these 
2 months, and the gunner and boatswain have had tickets 
granted them. With order by the Navy Commissioners, 
22 June 1669, to Mr. Gregory, to make out the ticket, and 
further order, 26 June, that Mr. Gregory answering that 
the petitioner never appeared on board, he is not to expect 
any further answer. (Ibid. No. 1801.] 


Rice Freeman, purser of the Hampshire, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. I am at Spithead, ready to sail. I need an additional 
supply of sea victuals, having expended 22 days of that furnished 
for a voyage to the Straits. [Jbid. No. 181.] 


John Bower to Hickes. A ship of this town picked up a boat 
with 4 or 5 men belonging to the Forester, the convoy to the Iceland 
fleet, and set them on shore at Whitby. They reported that a 
Danish pirate had surprised and plundered many ships, and 
taken possession of a pink belonging to Hamburg, in which the 
captain of the pirate embarked, she being a better sailer; but 
the Forester, having notice of it, took the pink and sent her to 
England. The captain, who was put in charge with these men by 
the Forester, to bring her home, forced the men into a boat, to go 
on board a Holland dogger to buy fresh fish; and as soon as they 
were put off, directed his course towards Hamburg, leaving them at 
sea in a boat 5 miles from land. With note by Hickes that the 
writer has not corresponded of late. [Jbid. No. 182.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. Four or five London ships have put in 
outward bound, 2 French vessels with salt, and 3 or 4 from 
the Isle of Wight with timber. [Jbid. No. 183.] 


Sir Rob. Brooke to [Williamson]. I was earnestly pursued, 
after your departure, by my priest, Bolton, who had the living of 
Kirton granted to him under seal in Lord Clarendon’s time, but 
has hitherto neglected his induction; and hearing somebody is 
about to supplant him, he begs your interest to the Keeper, or his 
secretary, to prevent it until he can corroborate his title. I beg 
you to assuage the wrath of Capt. Lloyd, and gain the acceptance 
of my services to his lady, and your sister. [Jbid. No. 184.] 


[Jos. Williamson] to J. Barker. What induced you to enter into 
this negotiation? Did you ever receive any encouragement from 
Lord Arlington, or any member of his family, to do so, and 
has it ever been of any advantage to them, or do they even know 
of its existence? As you kept his lordship’s money, have you 


382 


1669. 


June 25. 


Gatehouse. 


' June 25. 


Gatehouse. 


June 25. 


June 25. 


June 25. 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


+ 


received anything by reason of such a treaty as this? [1} pages. 
Draft. K.P. Dom., Car. LI. 261, No. 185.] 


J. Barker to Williamson. My confinement being so grievous, 
on account of the condition of this place, I beseech your advice as 
to what is fit for me to do. I shall not presume to petition Lord 
Arlington for my liberty, until you have consulted with him, and 


obtained his leave. [Zbid. No. 186.] 


J. Barker to Williamson. Thanks for your regard and charity, 
directing me how to obtain my release from such a sleepless and 
sorrowful place. I will present myself, if permitted, on Monday to 
his Lordship, and acknowledge his candour and mercy to me. 
[Ibid. No. 187.] 


Philadelphia, Lady Wentworth, to Williamson. I beg a presen- 
tation from his Majesty, for the corroboration of the title of 
[Ralph] Davenant, the present parson, to the living of Whitechapel ; 
he is there by virtue of a preseutation from the Earl of Cleveland 
and my lord, who are the rightful patrons. [See 28 June infra. 
Ibid. No. 188.] 


Report of Lord Arlington and Secretary Trevor to the King, 
on the reference made to them of the petition of the Earl of 
Bristol, as to his right to the 10,0007. granted to him from the for- 
feiture of prohibited goods imported, &e. We find that the amount 
was granted to the Earl in consideration of several sums due, as 
certified by Lord Ashley and Sir Wm. Morice, and that the Lord 
Privy Seal obliged the Earl to give his acquittance for the 10,0000. 
before a Master in Chancery, before he would pass the grant, which 
he did; nevertheless the grant was suspended, upon a particular dis- 
pleasure of his Majesty towards the Earl, and the profits of the pro- 
hibited goods were applied to the privy purse, though with a promise 
by the Earl of Falmouth, in his Majesty’s name, that the Earl of 
Bristol should not be frustrated of his grant thereby. That the 
Earl purchased of Charles I., for a valuable consideration, a pension 
of 2,0001. a year for 21 years, by a rent-charge on the revenue of 
the Court of Wards, of which 16 or 17 years remained unexpired 
at the Restoration, for which he expects satisfaction, as well for 
the grant of the wardship of Lord Brooke, given to him by 
Charles I. for services rendered. We conceive, in consideration of 
the eminent quality, sufferings, and services of the Earl, that 
according to justice, it is incumbent on his Majesty to restore him 
the means of raising the 10,000/..so due, out of the profits of pro- 
hibited goods, or any other fund to his Majesty’s better liking ; and 
to further recompense him by re-establishing the pension of 2 0007. 
for such time as his Majesty shall think fit, he being in possession 
of no other mark of favour, and holding no office under the 
Crown. [23 pages. Ibid. No. 189.] 


Order in Council, referring to the Committee for Grievances the 
petition of Laurence Squibb, complaining that by petition of Sir 
Chas. Wheeler, and complaints of others, he has been brought under 
displeasure, and praying to be heard therein. [Jbid. No. 190.] 


1669. 
June 25. 


June 25, 


Dover. 


June 25. 
Plymouth. 


June 25. 


June 26. 
Spithead. 


June 26. 


Portsmouth. 


CHARLES II. 383 


Grant to Sir Jonathan Trelawny, and his heirs, of 5001. a year 


out of the coinage and custom duty on tin in Cornwall. [Docquet, 
Vol. 24, No. 58.] 


Thos. Dawkes to the Navy Commissioners. I furnished the ships 
that came in here for repair with timber, &c., and engaged myself 
for what I had not, and took many poor men from their work to 
speed the business; they, as well as myself, are out of the money 
due, and their clamours and cries are daily in my ears. Pray help 
me to the arrears due to the town, amounting to 460/. Thos. White 
being dead, Wm. Richards, his son-in-law, is in full power to receive 
what money was due to him on the King’s account, and I request, 
with the other creditors, that he may receive the arrears due to the 
port, as he has come to London to wait upon you about it. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. TI. 261, No. 191.] 

Sir John Skelton and Jas. Blackborne to the Navy Commissioners. 
The cordage is to be bought of any of the ropemakers here for 
28s. 6d. per cwt.; the anchors were sold under their value, but the 
candle going out, I could not deny the sale, there being more bid 
than the appraisement; the proprietor will surrender them up at 
the same price at any time within 3 weeks, and those who bought 
the masts will do the like. We shall finish the delivery of all sold 
to-day, and by Tuesday’s post you may expect the account. [Jbid. 
No. 192.] 

Sir John Harman to Thos, Hayter. Pray deliver 100 blank 
tickets to Capt. Poole for the use of the St. David. [Lbid. No. 193.] 


Capt. Rob. Clark to the Navy Commissioners. The [late] Trea- 
surer of the Navy said my money was not stopped in 1667, but 
suspended until the Earl of Anglesey should bring money into the 
office. I take the suspension to be as bad as stopping, when I can- 
not have it paid; I have nothing to say to the Earl, whether he 
ever brings money or no; the money was ordered by his Majesty in 
Council, for payment of the ships that came home with Sir Thos. 
Allin, and all the other commanders and officers have been paid, 
and mine only suspended. I only desire my own, and beg you will 
order payment. If you want money, there is enough left here of men 
run away, and 10 times as much as mine is. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 
262, No. 1.] 

Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners, I tookra 
view of Alice Holt Forest on my way here, but the purveyor being 
gone, I could not be so well informed as I desired. I found some 
timber digpersed here and there, but none so bad as what I saw in 
Woolwich Yard, said to be from this forest; 100 loads remain, 
which the carters promised to convey to the water side; there are 
1,000 serviceable trees yet to be picked out, that may produce as 
many loads. 

Mr. French having arrived, I have given notice, by beat of drum, 
that the seamen repair on board their respective ships, to receive 
their moneys, when I shall muster and pay such as appear. 

I sounded the place proposed by Capt. Annesley for mooring the 
hulk, and consider it the best for her riding, and helping to get the 


384 


1669. 


June 26. 


June 26. 


June 26. 


June 26. 
Whitehall. 


June 26, 


Milford. 


June 26. 
June 26. 


Deal. 


June 26. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


ships in and out of dock. The laying up of each ship’s rigging apart 
isa very necessary work, but a place is wanted to do it in; the house 
formerly used for tar may be fitted for 807., or 2601. if well 
repaired. I fear the summer will be over ere half is performed 
afloat that ought to be done; I have offered a tide a day to the 
shipwrights and calkers, for two hours’ extra work, which they 
have accepted; but if they fail in despatching it, I shall reduce 
them to the old time. [2 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 262, No. 2.] 


R. Waith to the Navy Commissioners. The bill of imprest 
granted by you to Rich. Dennis, in Aug. 1664, for 135l. was paid 
the same month, and cleared by Mr. Fenn in April 1665. [Ibid. 
No. 3.] 


Engagement by Wm. Harrington, that the Sea Venture of London 
shall sail direct for Danzic, and there load with plank, and return 
to the Thames, whereupon he will make a tender thereof to the 
Navy Commissioners, at the market price, and will give them the 
refusal of it. [Zbid. No. 4.] 


Contract of Sir Humphrey Miller, Bart., of Oxenhoath, Kent, to 
sell to Thos. Tunbridge, carpenter of Chatham, 80 oaks, and to fell, 
hew, square, and deliver them at Millhall, for 27. 10s. per load. 
[Lbid. No. 5.] 


Warrant for a grant to Wm. Legg, of the King’s part in the for- 
feiture of Wm. Walker, indicted in the Court of King’s Bench, for 
receiving 42s. as interest for 25l. lent to Rebecca Harbey, which 
being more than 6 per cent., he was forfeited treble the value of the 
debt. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 26, f. 62.] 


John Powell to Williamson. The Monmouth has sailed for 
Minehead, there to take the Earl of Orrery ; the Duchess of Ormond 
is daily expected from Ireland. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 262, No. 6.] 


Same to Hickes to the same effect. [Jbid. No. 7.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson.] The wind continuing at north-east 
has prevented ships from coming in, but it having this day changed, 
I hope soon to give some news, [Jbid. No. 8.] 


The King to the Duke of York. Having sent forth a fleet into 
the Mediterranean, under Sir Thos. Allin, you are to issue to Sir 
Thomas the following instructions, to be kept secret, that no 
Algiers ship may suspect his intentions and avoid him. 

He is to make himself master of any such, even by force if need- 
ful, but to use no further violence, and carry them to Algiers. There 
he is to signify to the Government that he is sent to demand repara- 
tion for injuries done by their men-of-war to English subjects, con- 
trary to the Articles of Peace, and absolutely to insist on the release 
of the Spaniards taken in the John of London, and now captives at 
Algiers, and to break with Algiers, in case they are not delivered. 
He is also to demand restitution of their goods or the value thereof 
but not to break about those; also restitution of goods taken out 
of any English ship about which he has authentic information, 


1669. 


June 28. 
Chatham 
Pn DOCK. 


June 28. 
Chatham. 


79380. 


~ 


CHARLES II. 385 


particularly the Phenix, William and Benjamin, and the Morn- 
ing Star, belonging to the East India Company, or of the value of 
the goods in them; and in case of refusal, to break with them. 

He is to demand, but not to insist on, the punishment of the 
commanders cf men-of-war or others who have infringed the peace. 
In case he be satisfied, he is to proceed to treaty, demand ratifica- 
tion of former treaties, especially as regards probibition of search 
in ships which have the Lord Admiral’s pass, promising that no 
ships shall have such passes which carry more foreigners than 
English. If they insist on English ships not carrying Turks or 
Mussulman slaves, he is to endeavour to prohibit search of persons 
on English ships on any pretence, or examining them by torture 
to extort confession. In case of a peace, he is to restore entire all 
ships, goods, and persons taken from them, and make fitting pre- 
sents, either the satisfaction he shall receive from merchants’ goods, 
or of gunpowder; but if not, he is to attack and destroy their ships, 
within and without the Mole, and in exchange for the prisoners he 
takes, to obtain as many English slaves at Algiers as he can, and sell 
the rest to the best advantage for the King’s use, as also all ships 
and goods taken from them, unless the ships might be made useful. 

We having agreed with the King of France, to prevent disputes, 
that there shall be no salutes nor going to leeward of the wind 
between their respective men-of-war in the Mediterranean, Sir 
Thomas Allin is to give notice thereof to his commanders of ships. 

In case of a rupture with Algiers, he is to send frigates to Tunis 
and Tripoli, to inform the Governors thereof. but also to promise 
faithful observance of the peace with them, and to request the same 
on their part. If on his arrival at Algiers, he finds a favourable 
wind to do execution to the Algiers ships in the port, he is to per- 
form it at once, before delivery of our letters; and if he takes any 
renegadoes from the Turks, he is to reserve those that are English for 
further orders, and dispose of those of other nations to the hands of 
their respective princes, reclaiming from them all English renegadoes 
that shall fall into their hands. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, ff. 28-80. ] 


Phineas Pett and 3 others to the Navy Commissioners. We caused 
copies of your instructions to be affixed to the gate, that the porter 
and others might be the better governed ; according to the strict- 
ness thereof, he purposes to lay in small beer for our workmen. 
Judging that would be very prejudicial to the bodies of those 
coming to it hot and dry, we have persuaded him to continue his 
middling beer, and hope you will not be offended. We never heard 
that he sold wine or strong waters, or misbehaved himself; but to 
prevent any abuse, an open place for the men to drink in is set 
apart, with charge that none be harboured within doors, [S.P. 
Dom., Car. IT, 262, No. 9.] 


Edw. Gregory and 2 others to the Navy Commissioners, We 
asked the clerk of survey for the survey of the wharf, docks, 
crane, &c., but he affirms he has no such thing in his custody, nor 
ever bad, and as this was the groundwork of our inquiry, we could 
do nothing. [Jbid. No. 10.] 

BB 


386 


1669. 


June 28. 
Maidstone. 


June 28. 
Chatham Dock. 


June [28]. 
Whitehall. 


June 28. 
June 28, 


June 28. 


June 28, 


June 28. 
Whitehall. 


June 28. 
Whitehall. 


June 28, 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


John Mason to the Navy Commissioners. I sent 30 large elm 
trees to Chatham Dock for the new ship, but the officers refuse to 
make out a bill until they receive further order, which I desire you 
to send. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 262, No. 11.] 


Phineas Pett to the Navy Commissioners. I send a demand for 
provisions required for carrying on the works of the new ship, &e. 
I desired Mr. Mason to wait on you about his trees, marked by 
Mr. Lawrence, and he will do so as soon as he can take out bills for 
timber already delivered. I spared Capt. Moorcock 120 men to 
help on the wrecks, besides 80 ropemakers, who desire some allow- 
ance for that work, and extra hours. I beg directions, his taking 
men out of the yard being so vast a charge, and a great hindrance to 
our works; but Capt. Moorcock cannot avoid it, unless he may be 
supplied with men from the Ordinary or elsewhere. [2 pages. 
lbid. No. 12.] 


Grant to William, Earl of Craven, of one yearly fair on Whit- 
Monday, and one weekly market on Tuesday instead of Friday, at 
Chipping Lamborne, Berks. [Jbid. No. 13.] 


Docquet of the above. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 59.] 


Licence for the servants of Mary, Dowager Lady Lexington, to 
transport 14 horses into France, for her use, and that of her son, 
Lord Lexington, [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 109.] 


Pass for Dan, De la Fabvoliére. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 30, f. 151.] 


Warrant for a pardon to John Sharpe, prisoner in Maidstone 
Gaol, convicted at the assizes for Kent of the murder of George 
Whitfield, but reprieved ; it now appearing, on certificate of Sir Wm. 
Morton, Justice of King’s Bench, before whom he was tried, that 
he was not guilty of malice, but fell into crime by being in the 
company of Brown, alias Grainger, who shot Whitfield. [Zbid.] 

Docquet of the above, dated July. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 66] 

Grant by the King to Sir Rich. Oately and Thos. Tretter, wine 
cooper of London, of one-fifth of all sums due to the Crown by the 
collectors, &¢., of the Prize Office during the usurpation, and un- 
justly concealed, on discovery thereof by Rob. Turner; also promise 
to issue letters of privy seal to make the said grant effectual. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 26, f. 63.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of 
Lady Eliz. Dryden, for a warrant for 675l. 14s. 44d. from the 
Exchequer, pursuant to a privy seal. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, 
p. 41] 


Petition of Ralph Davenant, Incumbent of Whitechapel, to the 
King, for presentation to the said church, as corroboration of his 
title, the same having been granted him since the restoration by 
Thomas, Earl of Cleveland, and Thomas, Lord Wentworth, his son, 
undoubted patrons, With reference thereon to Walter, Bishop of 
Oxford, Dean of the chapel, and his report, 3 July 1669, in favour 
of the petition, [S.P. Dom,, Car. IT, 262, No. 14.] 


1669. 
June 28. 


June 28. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


June 28. 
June 28. 


Yarmouth. 


June 28. 
Deal. 


June 28. 
Whitehall. 


June 29. 


Dover. 


CHARLES IL. 387 


Entry of the preceding reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book, 33, 
p. 42.) 


Petition of Hannah, wife of Sam. Herring, merchant, to the King. 
Sir Edm. Allen, Bart., who died in 1655, and his lady in 1657, left 
their only child, Arabella, lands value 2,0002. a year, and personal 
estate 10,0002., also leaving the petitioner, her near kinswoman, and 
Julian Thompson to take charge of her; but a Col. Thompson, under 
the Usurper, got possession of her through her maid, and gave her 
to Wm. Thompson, who took her abroad, and tried to marry her to 
his boy, though not worth 200/. a year. She is kept in restraint, 
to force her to this unequal marriage, and is in great disquiet. 
Entreats that she may be secured and cared for by persons of quality, 
fearing that if ordinary proceedings were taken to recover posses- 
sion of her, Thompson would again take her out of the kingdom. _ 

With reference thereon to the Lord Chief Justices of the King’s 
Bench and Common Pleas, and their report, that a writ of Ne 
exeat regnum should be directed to the sheriff of the county 
where Thompson resides, to take security for his not going abroad, 
and then the case can proceed by common law. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 262, Nos. 15, 16.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 42.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. A merchant from Rotterdam reports 
that he saw St. John and Desborow, with 5 or 6 more, daily about 
Major Burton’s house there, and that Malbourne, a teacher, told 
him they expected a call over. A vessel has arrived from Dieppe, 
and 6 from Norway with raft; 150 sail have passed for Sunderland 
and Newcastle. I got our bailiffs to send for a woman living 
against Manley’s; it appeared she was one of Mr. Bridge’s followers 
and swore backwards and forwards, but at length owned his dis- 
course of the bishops and of his Majesty. Major Burton’s son-in-law, 
James Puckle of Yarmouth, has been in Holland and returned, and 
no notice was taken of it until the merchant, who came from Rot- 
terdam, told me he saw and spoke to him there. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 262, No. 17.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. Capt. John Day has arrived from 
Virginia, and reports that 6 weeks hence several ships may be ex- 
pected from there. Another has come in from Dantzie with a 
damaged mast. [Jbid. No. 18.] 


The King to the Vice-Chancellor and Senate of Cambridge. 
Hum. Babington, M.A., fellow of Trinity College, has long ago per- 
formed all the exercises for his doctor’s degree, but he was ejected 
from his fellowship about the time he should have taken his B.D. 
degree, for non-compliance with the usurped powers, and he has 
since been prevented taking it by sickness. We require you, this 
notwithstanding, to admit him to his degree of D.D., with the 
seniority that he would have had if he had not been so ejected. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 27, f. 149.] 


Jo. Carlile to Williamson. I hear that the King of Portugal is 
transported to Tessura and the islands adjacent, where he will have 


BB 2 


388 


1669, 


June 29. 
Near Hercules’ 
Pillars, 
Drury Lane, 
London. 


June 29. 
_ Plymouth 
Fort. 


June 29, 
Plymouth. 


June 29. 
June 29. 


Portsmouth. 


June 29. 
Plymouth. 


June 29. 


Kinsale. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


the sole command, in lieu of Portugal, and that Sir Rob. Southwell 
is on his way home. Henry Pory has gone to France, by his 
Majesty and Sir John Trevor's orders. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 262, 
No. 19.] 


Wm. Palmes to Williamson. I ask your interest on behalf of my 
neighbour Chekarry in the country ; he is persecuted by others with 
a law suit, in reference to a distress taken against him on a trivial 
matter, and now they intend to influence Lord Arlington to bring 
the case before the Privy Council. He is a sober, quiet fellow, 
oppressed by malignancy. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 20.] 


J. S, [Sir John Skelton, Deputy Governor] to Williamson. 
Twenty-six English ships have arrived from Gallipoli and the Straits, 
and report that the Smyrna fleet is on the coast. [Zbid. No. 21.] 


John Clarke to Williamson. Twenty odd ships have arrived from’ 
the Straits, &e., bound for London. Two from Smyrna, and some of 
this harbour, left with the fleet off the Start this morning. [Jbid. 
No, 22.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [/bid. No. 23.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. Parti- 
culars of a tender of goods made by Ben. Newland, merchant of 
Cowes; they are fit for the yard, and I desire an order as to treat- 
ing for them. I mustered the Resolution and two others at Spit- 
head, and send the numbers. I found many of those from whom 
money was stopped absent, and some of them made run [7.¢., reported 
as runaways]. The Dartmouth and Little Victory want sea 
victuals. If the workmen hold on as they began, they will deserve 
their allowance. The Mary Rose has sailed, [134 pages. Ibid. 
No. 24.] 


Sir John Skelton and James Blackborne to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. We have used our utmost endeavours to advance the sales, 
and desire reimbursement for our incidental charges. We will send 


Lanyon’s receipt for the money in a post or two. [Jbid. No. 25.] 
Enclose, 


Particulars and conditions of a sale by auction, of stores 
lying in the storehouses and other places in Plymouth, on 
17 June 1669 ; with the signatures of Dan. Perrett and 
other buyers, 18 June 1669. [6 pages. Copy. Ibid. 
No. 251.] 

Wm. Penn to the Navy Commissioners. I beg you will pay the 
balance due for my trouble and expense to Thos. Hayter. I 
delivered 8 of the best masts, by order of the Lord President of 
Munster, for a boom for securing the harbour in the time of the 
war, and also a cable and coil, which have not been returned, and 
will not be without your special order. The stores remaining are 


not worth the house rent I have paid for them these two years. 
[Zbid. No. 26.] Encloses, 


Note of remaining stores at Kinsale, in the custody of Wm. 
Penn. [Ibid. No. 261.] siig 


1669. 


June 29. 


June 29. 


Chatham 
Ropeyard, 


June 29. 


June 29. 


June 30. 


June 30. 


June 30. 


June 80. 


June 30. 


June 30. 


CHARLES II. 389 


Mathew Pengelly, cook of the Defiance, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. His Royal Highness having granted an order that the 
suspension upon the cooks in harbour be taken off, and their wages 
granted them, this has been enjoyed by all the cooks at Woolwich ; 
I beg you will direct the clerk at Chatham to make out my ticket 
as well, though I was pricked out of wages by Mr. Gregory for non- 
attendance, as are the cooks at Woolwich. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 262, 
No. 27.] 

John Owen to Pepys. I beg leave of absence for 12 days, 
being afflicted with the stone, and advised to drink Epsom waters. 
[Ibid. No. 28.] á 


Rob. Mayors to [the Navy Commissioners]. I surveyed Sir 
Roger Twysden’s timber, being 200 trees, and found it fit, but it 
should not be felled till Christmas, as the sap is too high ; it cannot 
be carried from the ground tbis year, for the season will be spent by 
the time it is felled. [Jbid. No. 29.] 

Same to [Pepys]. I desire a warrant to Deptford, for receiving 
15 loads of knees from Edw. Hulbert, as Mr. Shish is in want of 
them. [Zbid. No. 30.] 

Johr Fenn to the Navy Commissioners. I can attest on oath the 
payment of tickets before Lord Anglesey’s suspension, and most of 
them 8 and 10 months before; had I been conscious of any crime 
or disturbance in paying them, I should have taken timely care for 
their delivery, and been able to acquaint you to whom they were 
paid, both for your satisfaction and my own safety, knowing that I 
must be responsible for all payments which my place empowers me 
to make. I hope you will impute it only as neglect my not deliver- 
ing the papers in time. [Jbid. No. 31.] 

Petition of Wm. Coles, merchant, to the King and Council, show- 
ing that being deprived of his burghership at Southampton, he 
retired to Rotterdam, and has traded there 7 years, and now wishes to 
return ; begs leave to do so safely, although not knowing whether 
he was meant to be included in the proclamation of August 1662, 
by which Thos. Coles, of Southampton, was ordered to repair to 
England, on pain of proceedings for contempt of authority. [Zbid. 
No. 32.| 

Presentation of Nich. Trench to the Rectory of Holdenby, co, 
Northampton, void by death of Rob. Hill. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 19, f. 106.] 

Docquet of the above, dated July. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 65.] 

Warrant to Prince Rupert, constable of Windsor Castle, to give 
order for conveying [Wm.] Heveningham, prisoner there, to Tyne- 
mouth Castle, there to remain close prisoner. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 30, f. 152.] i 

Blank warrant for his conveyance under safe guard to Tynemouth 
Castle. [Ibid.] 

Warrant to Col. Villiers, governor, to keep the said Hevening- 
ham close prisoner in Tynemouth Castle, during pleasure. [S.P. 


Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 152.] 


390 


1669. 


June 30. 


Whitehall. 


June 30. 


June 30. 
June 380. 


June 30. 
Falmouth. 


June 80. 
June 30. 


Milford. 


June 380. 


June. 
Whitehall. 


[June. ] 


June. 


June ? 


June ? 


June. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Warrant for a licence to Sir Wm. Juxon, Bart., to enclose 500 
acres of land at Seasoncot, co. Gloucester, and a common leading 
from Blockley, co. Worcester, to Burton on the Hill, co. Gloucester, 
provided he lay out another road in his own ground for passengers. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 262, No. 33.] 


Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 152.] 
Docquet of the above, dated July. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 65.] 
Licence to Rob. Calcott to come over from Tangiers. [Jbid. f. 153.] 


Reference to the Lord Keeper of the petition of Brome Whor- 
wood, that a stop may be put to all [proceedings in the affair 
between him and his wife, till the judges report. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 33, p. 43.] 

Thos. Holden to Hickes. The Truelove of London, which has 
lately been built without any pitch or tar, has come in. Capt. 
Jennifer, her commander, has well tried her in the sea, and reports 
that she is as staunch and free from leaks as any ship in London, 
and that the worms of the West Indies, which injure so many 
vessels, will do her no hurt. 

The Inquiry smack has also arrived, having orders from the 
farmers of customs to coast up and down, so as to meet the East 
Indiamen, and secure the duties. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 262, No. 34.] 


Same to Williamson, to the same effect. [Zbid. No. 35.] 


John Powell to Williamson. No news of any kind [Jbid. 
No. 36.) 


Same to Hickes, to the same effect. [Zbid. No. 37.] 


Pass for 4 horses into France for the use of John (sic), Earl of 
Ailesbury. [Zbid. No. 38.] 


Pass for Jane, Lady Gerard, Baroness of Gerard’s Bromley, to go 
into France for her.health, with 10 servants and 10 horses. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 109.] 


Warrant to pay to Wm. Ashburnham, cofferer of the household, 
20,0007. on account; 10,000/. to make up the allowance for the 
household from 90,0002. to 100,0007., and 10,000/. for interest on 
sums borrowed for the household. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 60.] 


Request for a place in the Charterhouse for Hen, Thompson, 
groom of the privy chamber, whose father was yeoman of the robes 
to King James and the Queen Mother, and in whose behalf Capt. 
Titus has spoken. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 262, No. 39.] 


Memorandum that there is a letter from the Queen Mother to the 
governors of the Charterhouse, to admit Henry, son of Rob. Thomp- 
son, late yeoman of her robes; also request that “my lord” would 
call for the letter to-morrow, when they sit, and have him admitted. 
Endorsed with a reference of a petition of Chambre to the 
Lord Privy Seal [Robartes], Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, and to the 
Duke of Ormond. [Jbid. No. 40.] 


Account by John Mathew, Clerk of the Privy Seal, of all fees 
Ne at] from June 1664 to June 1669; total 169/. 18s. Sd. [Ibid. 
a: i 


1669. 
June ? 


June. 


June ? 


June. 
Deal. 


CHARLES II. 391 


Note of the case between Stanney and Janes, the former having 
borrowed 50l. of the latter, on security of a resignation to him 
of his place of gentleman usher, which cost him 5001., in case of non- 
payment; part of the money being unpaid, the defendant took 
advantage of the resignation, and was privately sworn in to the 
place. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 262, No, 42.] 


“Philoasileos” to Lord Arlington. You will understand, as a 
great minister of state, that the scope of the paper enclosed will be 
for his Majesty’s service. Endorsed, “ Information, Earl Carlingford.” 
[Ibid. No. 43.] 


Proposal by John Payne to Lord Arlington, to counteract the ill 
management of Capt. Langley in the packets between England 
and Holland, by setting up good boats, with extraordinary accom- 
modation for passengers, by which Langley will lose his custom, and 
finding nothing to countervail his charges, must soon fall; other- 
wise complaints will increase, and the [post] offices, both in England 
and Holland, will suffer. [Zbid. No. 44.] 


Lists sent by Morgan Lodge to Williamson, of King’s and mer- 
chant ships in the Downs, the state of the wind, time of the 
arrival and departure of mails, &c. :— 


Vol. 

262. | Date, King’s Bee Wind REMARKS. 

No. Arrival, | Departure. 

45 | June 1 1 3 S.E. — 6 p.m. 

46 ee 2 8 S.W. — 6 p.m. 

47 » 43 3 7 S.S.W. — 8 p.m. 

48 sata 3 6 S.W. = = 

49 es) 4 8 S.W. — 5 p.m. 

50 Py can’t 3 — N.N.W. — 4 p.m. 

51 PEDIA 1 S.W. z= 6 p.m. 

52 S 4 5 Ea i 5 

53 p ky) 3 3 W.S.W. — 5 p.m. 

KAS yea eed 4 7 S.W. = pee 

55 a he 4 9 |W.S.W. — 4 p.m. 

56 AFI 1 10 | W.byN. — 5pm. | A Frenchman of 30 
tons, laden with coals, 
ran aground on the 
Goodwin, the men 
saving themselves in 
their boats. 

57 s» 14 2 14 W. — =e 

58 a wl} 1 8 E. — 4 p.m 

59 T6 1 7 S.W. ait 5 p.m 

60 E 1 4 N.W. — a 

61 PP l E, 45 5 p.m 

62 saa tt) 3 — E.N.E. — 5 p.m 

63 » 20 1/ = N.E. = 5 p.m 

64 sp al 1 2 N.E. — 4 p.m 

65 By 53 1 3 S.E. — = 

66 TOA: 1 il N.E. — 4 p.m 

67 3 N29 1 1 N.E. — — 

68 » 26 1 1 S.S.E. = 5 p.m 

69 h l 1 S.S.E. — = 

ZO, 28 l 6 E. -= 4 p.m. 

76 my PHY) 1 1 E. — = 

P E et wi N.E. gas 4pm 
pie, S E e e 


392 


1669. 
July 1. 


Portsmouth. 


July 1. 


Portsmouth. 


July 1. 
St: David, 
The Hope. 


July 1. 
Victualling 


Office. 


July 1. 
Chatham Dock. 


July 1, 


Chatham. 


July 1. 


Portsmouth. 


July 2. 
Treasury 
Chambers, 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The fleet is riding at Spithead, 
waiting sailing orders; Sir Thos. Allin has joined it. [SP. Dom., 
Car. TI. 262, No. '74.] 


St. J. Steventon to the Navy Commissioners. The boatswain of 
the Princess says he knows not the time of the entry and discharge 
of the sailmaker, but is sure he was with them at sea, between the 
times of his certificate, and was checked his time while in harbour. 
He is coming to London on business, and will wait on you. [Zbid. 
No. 75.] 


Sir John Harman to Mathew Wren. Pray move the Duke for an 
allowance to my son-in-law, Jos. Hynde, who has served as clerk of 
the cheque at Deptford since his Majesty’s restoration. He peti- 
tioned the Board for an allowance as is at Chatham, being 2s. 1d. a 
day, of which he has hitherto received but half; the Board granted 
it, but would have the Duke first moved in it. A muster master’s 
place is vacant at Gravesend; Commissioner Pepys can satisfy you 
of his great ability in the performance of such an employ, if you 
would move the Duke for a warrant. [Zbid. No. 76.] 


Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. Pray assign me 
a day for finishing the accounts depending, or I fear they will not 
be ended for a long time. [Zbid. No. 77.] 


Phineas Pett to [the Navy Commissioners]. I send an account of 
the number of workmen, 57 in all, wanted for carrying on the 
works of the wharves, docks, cranes, and storehouses, according to 
an order lately received from you, and 20 shipwrights for the new 
ship. [Zbid. No. 78.] 


Same to the Same. I send a demand of things required for the 
repair of the docks, wharves, cranes, and storehouses. The Marma- 
duke wreck may be of use for carrying on of those works, and I 
desire she may be brought up to the new dock, to be broken up 
for that purpose. 1 send a list of calkers pressed by Mr. Boultwell, 
the master calker, that some course may be taken for their coming 
down, they having not yet appeared. Wm. Denton, a calker living 
in Jacob Street, St. Saviour’s dock, knows where to find them. Mr. 
Lewsley has 6,000 broom at the water side, which you may have 
at a reasonable price; it will be useful in the burning of planks for 
the new ship, &c., there being none in store. I entered 40 shipwrights 
on the new ship, and want 20 more on other works. Let me have 
warrants for entering more men. [14 pages.. Ibid. No. 79.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I have 
not paid the seamen their stopped money, but intend to pay those 
that appear to-morrow. Capt. Ketcher with the hoy arrived from 
Deptford. I expected a quantity of spruce deals, which are very 
much wanted. I am going to send up a demand for materials 
required to carry on the works. [Jbid. No. 80.] 


Sir George Downing to Sir Denis Gauden and Sam. Pepys. Their 
lordships having read Mr. Pepys’ letter, about provisions delivered 
to several garrisons by Sir Denis Gauden, desire to speak with you 
both on Wednesday at 9am. [Jbid. No. 81.] 


1669. 
July 2. 
Chatham. 


July 2. 


July 2. 
Covent 
Garden. 


July 2. 


July 2. 


Whitehall. 


July 2. 
July 2. 


July 2. 


Plymouth. 


July 2. 


CHARLES II. 393 


John Moore and Capt. Edw. Moorcock to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. It will increase our trouble to take account of the actions 
of men at such a time, so that each may receive the true value of 
his labour, but we will do what we can to give content to the 
workmen taken from the yard. If it is intended to pay them at 
the finishing of each spring[tide], we must have money forthwith, 
as there is not sufficient left of the 5007. ordered in May last. We 
cannot estimate lower than 1507. a month, or 2s. 6d. each man a 
day, one with another. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 262, No. 82.] 


Jonas Shish to Sir John Mennes. My son Thomas has been to 
Hendon, Sussex (sic), and viewed the 9 trees standing; he says there 
will be 7 good beams of 40 feet long, and proffered the gentleman 
5l. a tree. They are well worth the money, but I will not go higher 
without your consent. [Jbid. No. 83.] 


Sir Edw. Spragg to the Navy Commissioners. The master of the 
Revenge, being ill and not able to take the voyage, desires to be 
discharged. I recommend Mr. Swanley, his chief mate, to take his 
place. [Jbid. No. 84.] 


Warrant [to the Ordnance Commissioners] to deliver 20 barrels 
of gunpowder to such person as the Duke of York shall appoint, for 
the defence of New York. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 153.] 


Petition of Roger L’Estrange, Surveyor of the Press, to the 
King, to be allowed to submit to Lord Arlington an account of a 
method devised by him, for suppressing seditious and scandalous 
books and libels, and for the better government of the press, without 
further charge. With reference thereon to the Attorney and Solicitor 
General, who are to hear the petitioner, to consider what can be done 
to remedy the great mischiefs which the government suffers by the 
licentiousness of the press, and to report their opinion to his 
Majesty. [S.P. Dom., Car, TI. 262, No. 85.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Bock 33, p. 44.] 


Petition of Thos. Covell to the King, for examination into the accu- 
sations made against him by Wm. Samuel, who has the ordering of 
the workmen at Newmarket, and accuses him falsely of providing 
bad bricks, sending in timber slowly, and not paying the work- 
people engaged on his Majesty’s building there. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II, 262, No. 86.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. I send a letter received from Falmouth. 
Admiral Kempthorne has arrived with Lord Howard, the Ambas- 
sador’s retinue, in the Mary Rose, and his lordship is expected by 
land. The Straits fleet are still in port, waiting a fair wind. [Jbid. 
No. 87.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of 
Henry and John Seymour, for the surrender of their patent. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 43.) 


394 


1669. 
July 2. 


July 2. 
Deal. 


July 2. 


Kinsale. 


July 3. 


Remiremont, 
Lorraine. 


July 3. 


Chester Castle. 


July 3. 
Milford. 


July 3. 


July 3. 
Lyme. 


July 3. 


July 3. 


July 3. 


Portsmouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Reference of the petition of John Bill and Chris. Barker, for the 
King’s moiety of all foreign Bibles seized, to the Treasury Commis- 
sioners, who are to consider how to prevent this mischief of 
importing foreign Bibles, and how to gratify the petitioners’ loyalty 
and sufferings. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 43.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. His Majesty’s ships, the Foresight 
and Portsmouth, have arrived in the Downs; the former bound for 
Lisbon, and the latter for Portsmouth. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 262, 
No. 88.] 

Thos. Burrowes to Henry Ball, Letter Office, London. The Lion 
of Bristol and the Henry have come in, laden with sack and salt for 
Bristol, and another with deals for London ; 9 other ships came out 
with the former, but they lost them at sea. [Zbid. No. 89.] 


Mrs. J. Crane to [Rob.] Francis, Whitehall. I can never thank you 
enough for your many favours. I have written many things to my 
sister, and beg your influence with her, by means of which I am 
assured that I shall have all that I demand. [3 pages. Ibid. 
No. 90.] 

Sir Geoffery Shakerley to Williamson. Pray deliver the enclosed 
to Lord Arlington, and get me a speedy answer. When I appre- 
hended Garside, his auditors offered resistance, but he said he would 
go with me. He hoped he should be used the better for not resist- 
ing, alleging that if he had but said the word, he would not have 
been taken; by this you will see the influence those people have on 
their proselytes, who want but their bidding to fight. How am I 
to proceed against the preachers, by indictment or otherwise ? 
Sir Roger Bradshaigh is here. [Zbid. No. 91.] 


John Powell to Williamson. The harbour being destitute of 
shipping, I have no news. [Jbid. No. 92.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 93.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. The Merchants’ Adventure and the Jane 
have arrived from Morlaix, and report the French to be still build- 
ing great ships, and making preparations fora considerable strength 
at sea, They came out with Capt. Bowden and 3 other ships, 
bound for Bristol and Exeter. [Jbid. No. 94.] 


Capt. John Tinker and J. Uthwat to the Navy Commissioners. 
Particulars of the size and quality of cables and hawsers belonging 
to the Welcome. [Ibid. No. 95.] 


Certificate by the Masters of Trinity House, that Rich. Swanley 
of Redrith, Surrey, is fit for a master’s place in the Revenge, bound 
for the Straits. [Zbid. No. 96.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetis to the Navy Commissioners. I have 
considered the works in hand, and the emptiness of the stores, and 
send an account of things required. I entreat directions what to do 
relating to goods tendered by Mr. Newland. I paid the men their 
stopped money, and send a list of 137 missing, whose money 
amounts to 820/.; also of the number of men mustered on board 
the Resolution and 5 others. 


1669. 


July 4. 


Centurion, 
Downs. 


July 4. 
The Nore. 


July 4. 
Whitehall. 


July 4. 


July 4. 


Portsmouth. 


July 4. 
Deal. 


CHARLES II. 395 


Sir Thos. Allin has come down and gone aboard; I presume the 
men who are not gone far, and have any will to return, will soon 
repair on board. I gave directions to the victualler’s agent for the 
month’s victuals spent, and their continuance in petty warrant till 
further order. The fir timber came seasonably, and much of it is 
wrought out; I expect some from Mr. Coles from Shoreham. Let 
the deals and wainscotes be sent from London. There are 50 loads 
of elm to be had here, at 36s. per load. [14 pages. S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 262, No. 97.] 


Capt. Peter Bowen to Pepys. I crave a ticket for Henry Browne, 
for the time he served in the Henrietta yacht belonging to Capt. 
Crowe; he is now in the Centurion. [Lbid. No. 98.] Lncloses, 


Certificate by Capt. Thos. Crowe of the discharge of Henry 
Browne from the Henrietta yacht.—14 May 1669, [Ibid. 
No. 981.] 


Sir Edw. Spragg to the Navy Commissioners. I found the 
Golden Hand, brought out by my men, and taking in goods and 
stores, very leaky. I sent my carpenters and 20 seamen to unstow 
her goods, and stop her leaks if possible. There is great neglect in 
either the carpenters or calkers at Chatham, but if I can make her 
swim, I will take her with me. Pray despatch down a master, and 
an account of the stores allotted for my division. [bid. No. 99.] 


Petition of Thos. Bennett to the King, for letters to the Court at 
the Old Bailey, to be discharged. Was tried in December 1668, for 
the murder of Thos. Janes, and acquitted, but was bound over to 
appear again in December. Having to go to Ireland with the 
Lord Lieutenant, cannot return in December without breach of 
duty. With reference thereon to Lord Chief Justice Kelynge, and 
his report, 7 July. The petitioner was indicted as stated, and the 
evidence being pregnant against him, he was bound to good 
behaviour for a year, which will not expire until December next ; I 
cannot therefore discharge him but by your Majesty's” command. 
[Ibid. No. 100.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 44.] 


Sir John Robinson to Williamson. Understanding from the 
Ordnance Commissioners that a warrant is being drawn up, to 
indemnify them for what I have suffered them to do, respecting the 
bulwark of the Tower and other matters, I beg to see it before it is 
laid before his Majesty to sign, so that no difference may rise 
between us. [S.P. Dom., Car. LI. 262, No. 101.] 


Charles Collier, for Capt. Hugh Salesbury, to Williamson. Sir 
Thos. Allin arrived last night, but immediately went on board the 
Resolution, and joined 5 other ships named, being part of his 
squadron. [Jbid. No. 102.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. Sir John Harman came into the 
Downs last night, with his flag in the mizen top, so that there are 
now 6 King’s ships lying here, and 14 merchant ships. Several 
small vessels have gone to meet the East Indiamen homeward 


396 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. 
bound. There is a report from Holland that the French and Dutch 


are like to break. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 262, No. 108. | 


July 5. Rich. Watts to Williamson. Sir John Harman and his fleet have 
Deal. sailed westward, taking fresh men out of all the ships. [Jdid. 


No. 104.] . 
July 5. Charles Whittington to Williamson. The Supply of Hull has 
Hull. arrived from Virginia with tobacco; 4 vessels from Norway with 


deals; 1 from Rotterdam, and 3 from Sweden with iron, pitch, &c. ; 
and the Josias Hwit of this town has sailed for Holland, with lead 
and cloth, and also some Dantzic rye, all the merchant importers of 
the rye having given security to transport it over seas. 

There are still a multitude of disaffected persons in these parts. 
A meeting, gathered to hear the address of an illiterate Scotchman, 
was suppressed by Capt. Carteret, “at present Governor of this 
Garrison,” and several of them prosecuted, which has much ashamed 
some; but they show that rebellion is not yet rooted out of them, 
and -they would be glad to embrace an opportunity fitting their 


purpose. [Jbid. No. 105.] 


July 5. Thos. Holden to Hickes. The Unity and 5 other ships have 

Falmouth. arrived. One of the passengers of the Truelove frigate having been 
confined, she has baptised the child by the ship’s name. [Ibid. 
No. 106.] 


July 5. Sir Geoffery Shakerley to Williamson. Pray deliver to Lord Ar- 
Chester Castle. lington a letter enclosed, advising him of the assemblage of great 
numbers of sectarians, notwithstanding all endeavours used to the 
contrary; hasten the instructions how to proceed against them. 

[ Ibid. No. 107.] 


July 5. Warrant to the Attorney-General to enter a Noli Prosequi in 
behalf of Dan. Trippier, merchant, and Peter Flower, both accused 
of taking, contrary to statute, 5l. from John Arnold, for forbearance 
of moneys lent to him by them. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 110.] 


July 5. Warrant for a grant of confirmation of charter to the bakers of 
Chester, extending the privileges of the corporation to all places 
within 2 miles of the city, as several country bakers have been selling 
quantities of ill-made bread. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 153.] 


July 5. Capt. Rob. Clark to the Navy Commissioners. I am sorry you so 
The Mary. far exceed reason with your severe checks, which I never deserved. 
It is like Hollafax [Halifax] law to hang a man first and condemn 

him afterwards. You task me for what I never did, nor any be- 

longing to me, nor has my boat acted so unhandsomely as you 

question him for. I can give an account of whatever I have done 

and should abhor the violating of his Royal Highness’s instructions. 

I have as much love amongst the seamen as any that can task 

me, and never wanted men, but have lived in repute amongst them ; 

it is not the fault of commanders that there is not more love but 

because the men have received abuse from the Ticket Office, in waiting 

so long for their money, and their tickets being bought at a low 


CHARLES II. 397 


1669. 

price. Had I been in the river, I should have had as many men as 
those you so highly: extol; if you had dealt civilly with me, and 
first heard both parties, you had done well; but I desire not to 
receive such lines as you have sent. I know not what you are 
ashamed at, but I am not ashamed with what you task me. I find 
that only one man was pressed out of the vessel mentioned by the 
Bristol’s boat, and if we must not press when in want, I know not 
what to say to it, as men are not so free to enter themselves with- 
out pressing. I want 60 men, and do not find any appearing of 
those you sent to the ships. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 262, No. 108.] 


July 5. Sir George Downing to the Navy Commissioners. The Treasury 
Treasury Commissioners desire you will meet at Sir Robert Long’s house to- 
Sear morrow, at 3 p.m., to settle Mrs. Pley’s business. [/bid. No. 109.] 
July 5. Fras. Nicholls and Edw. Sherburne to the Navy Commissioners. 
eee The powder and other materials for blowing up the wrecks at 
“Woolwich are sent there, and lodged in the custody of Paul Linby, 
our agent, ready to be issued to Mr. Young, gunner of the 
Royal James. We never had any order for the chests mentioned in 
Sir Jeremiah Smith’s letter, and therefore made no provision 
thereof. [Jbid. No. 110.] 


July 5. Ph. Pett to the Navy Commissioners. I shall treat with 

Chatham Mr. Lewsiey for his broom; that bought at 30s. per 1,000 was 

Dock. worth the money, but was not any extraordinary pennyworth, 
considering its smallness. 

There was only one man amongst the 40 shipwrights lately 
entered, of those who were so lately mutinous for their money, after 
being dischar ged, and who by their disorder got their pay. I never 
received any ‘order to forbid their entrance, but have nevertheless 
discharged him. I am sorry you should lay anything to my charge 
of acting contrary to my duty and your directions, and beg you 
will have a better opinion of me. [14 pages. Ibid. No. 111.] 


July 6, Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners, I went 
Portsmouth. over to see Mr. Newland’s goods lately tendered, and if you do not 
like his price, he will be content to deliver them into the stores free 
of charge, at the prices current in London, whereby the King will 
save no small matter in transportation. Thos. Carter, mason of the 
yard, died on Saturday night; I send the names of 3 persous de- 

siring the employment. [Jbid. No. 112.] Encloses, 

Certificate by St. J. Steventon and 4 others, that Roger Carter, 
bricklayer, has served his Majesty for several years on works 
aboard and ashore, being his father’s foreman, and rs quali- 
fied to execute the duties of his office—Portsmouth, 6 July 
1669. [Zbid. No. 1121.] 

Account by Commissioner J. Tippetts of goods tendered for 
7131. 5s., ready money, by Ben. Newland, of Hast Cowes, Isle 
of Wight, and seen and approved of as fit for the service. 
[Zbid. No. 11211.] 


July 6. John Russell to the Navy Commissioners. I have been up the 
Stockwith. river as far as Carlton and Dunham, which is within 8 miles of the 


398 


1669. 


July 6. 
Woolwich. 


July 6. 


July 6. 


July 6. 
Treasury 
Chambers. 


July 6. 
Plymouth. 


`- July 6. 
Resolution, 
Spithead. 


July 6. 


July 6. 
July 6. 


Dover. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


forest, and can find no place so fit for shipping timber as Stockwith. 
I sent 80 loads to Hull, and desire a ship may be sent for it, as I 
can send it down faster than she can take it in. I loaded the 
Black Dog, which is also gone to Hull, and the Adam and Eve 
will be loaded this week. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 262, No. 113.] 


Edw. Byland to the Navy Commissioners. Mr. Kirk has 6 loads 
of timber at Woolwich, which may be had at an easy rate if you 
will contract for it. I desire the assistance of the house carpenters 
at Deptford and Woolwich, to fit our crane again. [Ibid. No. 114.] 


Opinion of the Judges on the statutes in force against con- 
venticles, in pursuance of an order from the Lords of the Privy 
Council of 30 June 1669. (1) All assemblies that disturb the peace 
are punishable by common law ; (2) the statutes of 13 Eliz. and 14 
Car. II. against those who come to conventicles, and refuse to come to 
church, are in force; (3) the full execution of the laws of 1 and 
23 Eliz., 3 Jas., and 17 Car, II. would conduce very much to the 
suppressing of all conventicles. [Zbid. No. 115.] 


And. Newport to Williamson. Lord Arlington commands you to 
prepare a letter of liberty for Col. Norwood to return to England, 
on the arrival of Lord Middleton at Tangiers ; otherwise the oppor- 
tunity of sending it by the fleet will be lost. [Jbid. No. 116.] 


Sir Geo. Downing to Wiiliamson. Secretary Trevor, having 
consented that his fee as Secretary of State, as well as his office, 
shall be made during pleasure, I am commanded by the Treasury 
Commissioners to apprise you thereof, and enclose the bill, to be 
altered in his Majesty’s presence. [Jbid. No. 117.] 


Jno. Clarke to Hickes. Lord Ambassador Howard has not yet 
arrived. The Straits fleet has sailed, and no ships have come in 
since. Excuse my not writing to Mr. Williamson, on account of 
illness. [Zbid. No. 118.] 


Sir Thos. Allin to Williamson. JI arrived at Spithead on Saturday 
night, and have lain there since, expecting the river fleet, but shall 
sail in a couple of days, in prosecution of my instructions. I hope 
to advise you from Cadiz of something that will please all. Pray 
let me have the news sent. The Mary and 3 others, with the 
Little Victory fireship, are with the Resolution. I enclose a letter 
for Mr. Chiffens [Chiffinch ?]. [Zbid. No. 119.] 


Instructions by the Duke of York to Sir Thos. Allin on going 
into the Mediterranean. That to prevent any disturbance, it is 
agreed with the French King that the ships of war of either nation, 
meeting in the Mediterranean, shall not salute each other, nor be 
expected to go to leeward. [14 pages. Ibid. No, 120.] 


Copy of the above. [JZbid. No. 121.] 


Jo. Carlile to Williamson. The Earl of Winchelsea, with a 
French gentleman, and his 10 servants, has arrived from Calais, and 
is on his way to London. A Dover vessel has been taken by a Sally 


man-of-war. Not hearing from you, I fear I am out of your favour. 
[Zbid. No. 122.] 


1669. 
July 6. 


July 7. 
Lyme. 


July 7. 
Miltord. 


July 7. 
July 7. 


Falmouth. 


July 7. 
July 7. 


Yarmouth. 


July 7. 


July 7. 


July 7. 


July [7]. 
July 7. 


July 7. 


July 7. 
Whitehall. 


CHARLES IL 399 


Certificate by G. Porter. Sir Chas. Lucas was not only lieut.- 
general of the horse to the Duke of Newcastle, but general for 4 coun- 
ties, and [Lodowick] Bray served well as scoutmaster-general under 
him and me. I wonder that the son of so honest and noble a father 
should be put to so much trouble in his share of the lottery. His 
labours and hazard have been “equal to any apposeant.” [S.P. 
Dom., Car. II. 262, No. 123. See Calendar 1667-8, p. 588.] 


Anth. Thorold to Hickes. The Saruh of Lyme has arrived from 
Morlaix. Sir John Drake, Bart., colonel of a regiment of foot, died 
yesterday at his house at Trill, 2 miles from here. Several vessels 
are in port, bound for Virginia, the Canaries, &c. [Jbid. No. 124.] 


Jno. Powell to Williamson. The Duchess of Ormond, with her 
retinue, has arrived from Dublin in the pleasure boat commanded by 
Capt. Shorlin [Sharland], and intends for London. [Jbid. No. 125.] 


Same to Hickes to the same effect. [Zbid. No. 126.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. The Unity and another have put 
to sea, and the Truelove and Speedwell are about doing so. [Lbid. 
No. 127.] 

Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Ibid. No. 128.] 


A. Blower] to Williamson. Particulars of the arrival of ships. No 
other person has died, or been sick of the plague, since my last. 
Manley not being able to ride, has sailed for London.  [Jbid. 
No. 129.] 


Dr. Guy Carleton to Williamson. I request for John Richison 
the place of beadsman at Carlisle, void by death of Wm. Green. 
The Navy Office having sent no list lately, probably there are none 
of our countrymen now capable. [Jbid. No. 130.] 


Memorandum that Wm. Jones, ruined by faithful service to the 
late King, had a warrant for the reversion of a pensioner’s place in 
Sutton’s Hospital. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 110.] 


Corroboration of presentation of Ralph Davenant to the parish 
church of St. Mary Matfellon, alias Whitechapel, London. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 107.] 


Docquets of the above. [Docquet, Vol. 24, Nos. 61, 68.] 


The King to Lord Chief Justice Bridgeman. Lady Susan Croke, 
daughter of Sir Peter Vanlore, jun., grandchild of Sir Peter Van- 
lore, sen., and Dame Jacoba his wife, and niece of Lady Powell, has 
petitioned against a decree granting to John Fletcher, a stranger in 
blood, the administrations of Sir Peter Vanlore, sen., Dame Jacoba, 
and Lady Powell, to which she, as one of the next of kin, has a 
claim. You are to issue a commission of review, to such judges 
and doctors of law as you think fit, to review the said sentence. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, p. 109.] 


Pass for the Earl of St. Alban’s, with his train and 30 horses, to 
France. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 153.] 

Order on the petition of Capt. Lawrence Van Heemskirk, for a re- 
ward pursuant to a contract made with his Majesty for building the 


1669. 


July 7. 
Whitehall. 


July 7. 
Whitehall. 


July 7. 
Whitehall. 


July 7. 
Treasury 
Chambers, 
Whitehall. 


July 7. 
Woolwich. 


July 8. 


July 8. 


Portsmouth. 


July 8. 
Chatham. 


July 8. 
Plymouth, 


: DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Nonsuch frigate, which has cost 600/.; allowing him a pension. of 
2001. a year for life, and ordering the Treasury Commissioners to 
see it fixed where the payment may be with the least trouble. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 45.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of 
Thos. Addison, for the searcher’s place at Carlisle, resigned to him, 
by Busby. [Lbid.] 

Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition’ of 
Peter Watson, for payment of 4900. arrears due to him as Gentle- 
man Usher, from June 1660 to August 1666. [Jbid. p. 46.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of John, 
Lord Frescheville, for the patronage of Eckington, during his 
31 years’ lease of the manor. [Jbzd.] 


Treasury Commissioners to Viscount Fanshaw, King’s Remem- 
brancer of the Exchequer. We direct that all processes against 
Henry Nicholls and his securities, for non-performance of his con- 
tract in weighing wrecks in the Medway, may be stayed until his 
Majesty and Council have given their resolutions upon his petition. 
[Copy. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 262, No. 131.] 


Wm. Sheldon to the Navy Commissioners. For what quarter 
are the workmen to be sent to Deptford to receive pay? If they 
could be paid at Woolwich, the King would gain half a day’s work, 
and the men be better satisfied. [Zbid. Vo. 132.] 


John Fenn to the Navy Commissioners. I did not keep a book 
of the time of the payment of tickets, not thinking it necessary ; 
when I paid any money, the papers supplied the place of it, till 
delivered out of my hands. The tickets will show to whom the 
money was paid, it being the custom to write the receivers name 
on them, when not paid to the owners. [Jbid. No. 133.] 


St. J. Steventon to the Navy Commissioners. I had your order 
only to make monthly books for payment of the extra, and had 
little reason to obey the desires of the informer against your 
warrant. I will obey your further order as to making quarterly 
books with all speed, but need further directions. [/bid. No. 184.] 
Encloses, 


Navy Commissioners to St. John Steventon. We take notice 
of your care in getting books ready for the last month’s 
payment ; you will have the same to do at the end of every 
month, from our intention to continue the monthly pay- 
ments. Pray continue it until further order from us.— 
Navy Office, 13 Feb. 1668-9. [Copy. Ibid. No. 1841.] 


J. Wilson to the Navy Commissioners. Shall I, as requested, 
deliver two old main courses to Mr. Pett, to make an awning 
for the men to work under on board the new ship? It will be an 
accommodation to them this hot weather, and forward the work, 
without damaging the sails. [Jbid. No. 155.] 


John Lanyon to the Navy Commissioners. I repaid 77. 3s. to 
Sir John Skelton and Mr. Blackbourne, for charges incident to the 


1669. 


July 8. 


July 8. 


July 8. 
Treasury 
Chambers, 
Whitehall. 


July 8. 


Portsmouth. 


J uly 9. 


Covent Garden. 


July 9. 


Yarmouth. 


July 9. 


London. 


79380, 


CHARLES II. 401 


sale of the stores, and gave them a receipt for the produce thereof, 
being 1,776.. 17s. 3d., this former sum discounted ; I am preparing 
for discharge of the same, by your bills already passed to me. I 
will furnish an account of the small remains in this port, and other 
matters. [SP. Dom., Car. IT. 262, No. 136.] 


Capt. John Tinker and 2 others to the Navy Commissioners. We 
estimate the tonnage of the anchors, cables, sails, &c., put on board 
the Jerusalem, to be transported to Lisbon for the ships under 
Sir Edw. Spragg, at 50 tons. With note by the Navy Commis- 
sioners that there were 2 tons of stores besides sent on board, and a 
bill of imprest for 52 tons at 30s. a ton, amounting to 78l, was 
granted him [Tinker], 10 July 1669. [bid. No. 187.] 


Agreement between Stephen Brookes and the Navy Commis- 
sioners, for weighing ships named, sunk in the Thames on the 
approach of the enemy, and laying them on shore at Blackwall and 
Greenwich ; to be done for 80/., the Navy Commissioners finding the 
necessary materials, [Zbid. No. 138.] 


Report of the Treasury Commissioners, on the petition of Charles, 
Earl of Ancram, for so much of the remainder of the tin, cast away 
some years since near Ostend, as he may recover from the sea, at 
his own charge. We beg to certify that we had a large treaty with 
Alderman Backwell, by which bis Majesty was to have one moiety 
of all that should be recovered, clear of charge; but Mr. Curtis, 
a merchant of Zealand, proffered 1,000/. over and above the 
one moiety, in case 120,000 lbs. weight should be fished up, and 
offered to maintain all persons we might employ on board his fish- 
ing boat, to receive his Majesty's part; we therefore wrote to 
Sir Wm. Temple to make a final agreement with Curtis; 1,199 blocks 
of the tin have still to be recovered, and having hopes that a con- 
siderable part will be recovered, if his Majesty has any thoughts of 
bounty to the petitioner, he might give him 1,0007., or such other 
portion of the moneys as shall arise out of the profits of his Majesty’s 
part of the said tin. [Jbid. No. 139.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Sir Thos. Allin has arrived. 
Sir Edw. Spragg and Sir John Harman are expected from the 
Downs. [Lbid. No. 140.] 


R. Manley to Rob. Francis. I have translated the letter as near 
as I could, but I do not understand all the words, and have no 
dictionary by me. This is the only language on this side of Portugal 
that could have puzzled me; a piece of the Talmud would have 
been as easy to me, so you had better not send any more papers 
from those parts, unless you will have me spend a fortnight in 
mastering the language. [Jbid. No. 140a.] 


Leonard Bower to Williamson. I desire the accompanying letters 
may be delivered to my father. We are all well as to the sickness. 
[Zbid. No. 141.] 


Fras. Chaplin, sheriff, to Williamson. I solicit your interest for 
the discharge of Mr. Fearns and Nath. Denero, as worthy persons as 
we 


402 


1669. 


July 9. 


July 9. 


July 9. 
Plymouth. 


July 9. 


July 9. 
Chatham, 


July 10. 
Golden Hand, 
Downs. 


July 10. 
Deptford. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS, 


walk the Exchange, who are arrested for disobeying the Lord 
Mayor’s warrant, and for being concerned about a silk stocking 
frame, about which they know nothing, not even what itis. Pray 
get them discharged from the messenger’s custody; there was a 
mistake in the warrant, and therefore it was not served. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. II. 262, No. 142.] 


Sir Ant. Aucher to Williamson. I desire leave to wait upon you 
on behalf of my son, for some sort of employment. [Ibid. No. 143.] 


John Lawrence to Williamson. According to your directions, I 
have procured a certificate from Lord Poulett and several other 
deputy-lieutenants and justices of the peace of Somerset, that 
they think it expedient for his Majesty’s service that Taunton 
should be again incorporated; this, with the petition and other 
papers, I have delivered to Lord Arlington, who promised to 
move the King in the business. As the Lord Keeper has the 
certificate of the judges of assize, and will assist Lord Arlington, 
pray put his Lordship in mind to move the King in it at the Council 
Chamber this morning. [Jbid. No. 144.] 


John Clarke to Williamson. Two ships have arrived from Vir- 
ginia, and report that the plantation is in a thriving condition, and 
that they are the last that will come from there this season. The Mary 
Rose and the Roe ketch are still waiting the arrival of Lord Howard. 
Sir Thos. Allin’s fleet is daily expected. [Zbid. No. 145.] 


The same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Ibid. No. 146.] 


Phineas Pett to the Navy Commissioners. I am sorry you should 
find fault with the calking of the Golden Hand; I have made 
inquiry, and attribute the defects to the extreme heat of the 
weather, and her lying here so long after coming off the ground. I 
cannot send a pinnace to Sir Thos. Allin, the ships being gone, and 
the boat requiring repair. I want the provisions formerly demanded, 
and a sail or two to keep the sun from the men; also orders for 
stopping the leaks of the Royal Sovereign, as she makes 3 feet of 
water in 12 hours. [JZbid. No. 147.] 


Martin Carslake to the Navy Commissioners. I arrived here 
with Sir Edw. Spragg, who assisted me with men; but I yet want 
6 or 7 of the number allowed, and when I have them, I shall be but 
weakly manned. I found much trouble by a leak in the stem for 
want of calking; it was stopped, and now we find a defect in her 
rudder, which may prove bad. I shall endeavour to mend it, or 
have a new one when I come to Portsmouth. My master found 
fault with it at Chatham. [Jbid. No. 148.] 


Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. I have treated with 
Mr. Kingsbury for 40 or 50 loads of timber; he stands at 3l. 15s. a 
load, by reason that I am to choose 50 loads out of 300. Andrews, 
the bargeman, has delivered a barge-load of old and decayed timber, 
but little fit to carry on the works. I want 80 or 90 loads of oak 


formerly demanded, for carrying on the works of the London. 
[Lbid. No, 149,] 


1669. 
[July 10.] 


July 10. 


July 10. 
Whitehall. 


July 10. 


July 10. 
July 10, 
July 10. 
July 10. 
Whitehall. 


July 10. 
July 10. 


July 10. 


July 10. 


CHARLES IL 403 


Petition of Clara Bolton, widow, to Lord Arlington, for payment 
of 500/., the arrears of the pension of 2007. granted for the loyalty 
of her late husband, and, her own services; has lost her whole 
income besides, by the burning of her houses in London, unless she 
can pay off a mortgage of 7007. on them, before the ground is 
seized and forfeited for it. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 262, No. 150.] 
Annexing, 


Note of a grant to her of the said pension, charged on the 
hearth money; 29 May 1668. [Ibid. No. 1501] 


Recommendation of the above petition to the Treasury Commis- 
sioners, the petitioner being one of those few whom the King wishes 
to except out of the late retrenchment. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 33, p. 47.] 


Warrant to James, Duke of Ormond, to admit Mallet Payler, ser- 
vant in ordinary, as yeoman of the field, in the place of Henry 
Peters. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 262, No. 151.] 


The King to the Dean and Chapter of Exeter. We recommend 
Joshua Tucker, B.D., Archdeacon of Barnstaple, for the place of 
canon residentiary, on account of his worth, learning, and loyalty 
during the late rebellion. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 107.] 


Recommendation of John Ballard to the Wardens, &c., of New 
College and Winchester, to be chosen a child in Winchester College 
ai the next election. Minute. [Zbid.] 


Licence for Sir Rob. Cann of Bristol to transport 50 horses to 
Barbadoes, in which island he is a planter. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 25, f. 111.] 


Warrant to Sir Thos. Ingram for 1,0367. to be paid to Hugh May 
out of the duchy [of Lancaster], for the new buildings in the volary. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 154.] 


Warrant to Sir Edw. Griffin to pay 20/. to the Gentlemen of the 
Chapel, in lieu of 3 deer usually granted to them. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT, 262, No. 152.] 


Minute of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 154.] 


Pass for 20 couples of dogs and 6 horses for the Duke of Savoy. 
Minute. [Zbid. f. 157.] 


Recommendation by the King to all the nobility, societies for 
advancement of learning and commerce, &c., to countenance Rich. 
Blome, of St. Clement Danes, who is setting forth “a book of geo- 
graphy, wherein are handled all such arts as are necessary to be 
understood for the true knowledge thereof, and illustrated with 
variety of useful and delightful copper-plates,” by subscribing there- 
to; also to all justices of peace, sheriffs, mayors, &., to assist in 
rectifying errors in his description of England, Scotland, and 


Ireland. [Jbid. f. 158.] 


Warrant for payment of salaries of 1,250/. a year each, to Sir 
Thos. Osborne and Sir Thos. Littleton, appointed in Nov. 1668 
cc 2 


404 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


4 


1669. 
Treasurers of the Navy, and 8007. to be distributed to their cashier, 
paymaster, and inferior officers; both sums to be by them deducted 
from the sums received by them out of the said office. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 158.] 


July 10. The King to the Duke of York. Having appointed a fleet of 
ships to sail into the Mediterranean, under Sir Thos. Allin, we wish 
you to make the following addition to his instructions of 26 June 
last, viz.: that in case he finds it to be true that some Tripoli men- 
of-war have seized on the English ship Victory, on pretence of 
strangers’ goods on board, and made prize of her, he is to carry out 
the same instructions as given for Algiers, in reference to Tripoli, 
and to Tunis, if they have broken the peace, but not till he knows 
whether he shall have peace or war with them. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 31, f. 30.] 


July 10. Sir Thos. Allin to Williamson. Thanks for letters and news- 
The Resolution, hooks. The Deptford ketch and Sir John Harman, with the Jersey 
Spithead. and 2 others, have arrived at Spithead; we now only wait the 
arrival of Sir Edw. Spragg, when we shall sail with all expedition. 
I hope, at the return of the Bristol and Dartmouth lying off the 
island, to impress seamen; we shall then be well manned. [S.P. 

Dom., Car. IT. 262, No. 153.] 


July 10. Sir Geoffrey Shakerley to Williamson. I have taken Travers, a 

Chester. captain in the late wars against his Majesty, and a very great 
preacher and ringleader of the Anabaptists; on his own con- 
fession, and the testimony of 2 witnesses, Sir Philip Egerton and I 
have committed him upon the statute, and I send a copy of the 
commitment. I desire your judgment upon it, and the opinion of 
the judges as to the course to be adopted for suppressing the con- 
venticles. [Jbid. No. 154.] Enclosing, 


Warrant by Sir Phil. Egerton and Sir Geoffrey Shakerley, to 
the Constable of Chester Castle, to receive and keep John 
Travers in safe custody im Chester Castle, until delivered by 
due course of law, for being present at a conventicle or 
meeting in the house of Mr. Werden, in Foregate Street, 
Chester, on 20 June, and for preaching and instructing 
the people then and there assembled under pretence of 
divine worship, contrary to the statute of 35 Eliz. [Ibid. 
No. 1541] 


Sealed envelope directed to Lord Arlington, endorsed, “ Mr. 
Werden’s seal, as brought to us by a private hand, 25 June 
1869. Mem. to compare it with what comes through France.” 
[Lbid. No. 15411.) 


July 10. Rich. Watts to Williamson. Sir Edw: Spragg has arrived in the 
Deal. Downs; one ship is here, bound tor Lisbon. [Zbid. No. 155.] 


July 10. John Powell to Williamson. A ship belonging to Bristol, and 
Milford. bound for the Barbadoes, put in here by contrary winds. - [Zbid. 
No. 156.] 


CHARLES II. 405 


1669. 


July 10. Thos. Bromhall to his cousin, Benj. Francis. I beg payment of 

The Savoy. the small sum of money I laid out for printing your book; your 
brother will satify you that I have need of it, after so long patience. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 262, No. 157.] 


[July 10.] Questions to be discussed in vesperiis and in comitiis at Oxford, 
on theology, civil law, medicine, and philosophy, 10 and 12 July, 
1669. 
Endorsed are 24 lines in Latin verse, celebrating the opening of 
the Sheldonian Theatre on 10 June :— 


Seu te, sub antro Pierio, tenent 
Fontis, canentem, mollia murmura, 
Seu diva jam mavis, amatas 

Isidis incoluisse ripas. 

Vocale Clio, nunce age Barbiton 
Et temparatam tange manu Chelin. 


Chor.—Audin ? sonorus plaudit æther Bis 
Et superi modulantur orbes. ; 


Quem nostra dicet te potius lyra ? 
Sheldone magne, major Apolline; 
Sheldone, musis gratiores 

Extruis ipse, Helicone, sedes. 


Augusta moles, conde polo caput 
Ægqualis astris, sed domino minor; 
Succumbis ingenti Patrono 
Sideribus licet invidenda. 


Non te vel imber, vel fuga temporum 
Dies ne longus, non magis improba 
Te bella non Fanaticorum 

Vis rapiet mala sana fratrum. 


Æterna musis hospitibus domus 
Autore vincis, vince et annis 


Chor.—Secura Lethi, sume superbiam, 
Bis. 
Barbara Romulidum theatra. 


[Ibid. No. 1574.] 


July 11. Fras. Bellot to Williamson. Capt. Jennifer, with the Truelove, 

Pendennis. has come in, bound for Jamaica, and is taking in goods. The new 
experiment on her proves very well by lengthening her keel, and the 
lacker on her, as the captain calls it, may be of great advantage in 
saving her cargo of pitch and tar, as well as preserving the vessel 
from the worms. Some small vessels outward bound are waiting a 
fair wind. [Ibid. No. 158.] 


July 11. Chas. Collier, for Hugh Salesbury, to Williamson. Sir Thos. 
Portsmouth. Allin and Sir Jno. Harman still remain at Spithead, with the 
St. David and 3 other ships. [Zbid. No. 159.] 


July 11. John Clarke to Hickes. Sixteen great ships, supposed to be 
Plymouth. part of Sir Thos. Allin’s fleet, were seen in the offing, but the 
wind being off the shore, they cannot turn into the harbour till 
to-morrow. I have been ill ten days, and cannot write to Mr. 
Williamson. Lord Howard is expected to-morrow ; he was to be at 
Exeter last night. I have delivered your letter from Mr. Brattell 
to Mr. Wilcocks. [Jbid. No. 160.] è 


406 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. 
July 11. Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I went 
Portsmouth. to the Isle of Wight, and bought the provisions mentioned in the 
contract sent, Mr. Newland having disposed of the rest at better 
rates by 5l. per cent. than you give for these. I know your diffi- 
culty in obtaining money, and therefore proposed nothing but what 
is profitable; yet I recommend you to purchase Mr. Newland’s 
masts, being large and good. ; x 
Our money is almost done; 1,0007. more will put us in a good 
condition as to provisions, plank excepted; but Mr. Coles’ was de- 
livered yesterday, and divers persons will be able to supply more 
at the end of the summer. I made inquiries after Wendover, and 
find he is in the Blessing of Gosport, and had but one man pressed 
from him by the Bristol’s boat; this man has since been turned 
over into the Mary, so that he is mistaken in his petition, in all 
but his own name; he should be made sensible of it. I am of 
opinion that the hulks ought to be moored out of the strength of 
the tide, so that they may be able to help ships in and out of dock. 
I send an estimate for a rigging house, which will be advantageous ; 
also particulars of the arrival and departure of ships. Am I to 
supply Sir John Harman and Capt. Poole with sails and junk, 
which they need? [23 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 262, No. 161.] 


July 11. Capt. Wm. Poole to the Navy Commissioners. I urgently need 

The Jersey, sails, and also junk, as what I had was bad. I do not urge the 

Spithead. want of them to lavish the King’s stores, or give my boatswain an 
occasion to play the knave. I will endeavour to prevent that; 
having had some account of his former deportment, I caused all 
his sea stores to be brought upon deck, and found all to concur 
with his indent; therefore I have no occasion to complain, but 
shall look after the expense of his stores. I pray that my sails 
“may be surveyed and supplied. [Zbid. No. 162.]_ . 


July 11. Sir John Harman to the Navy Commissioners. I want new 

The St. David, sails, as those I have are not fit for foreign service, where none are 

ppithead Hiit be expected but what we carry with us, and this is a laboursome 
ship in foul weather. [JZbid. No. 163.] 


July 12. Capt. Edw. Moorcock and John Moore to the Navy Commissioners. 

Chatham. We removed the wreck 140 fathoms towards the shore, out of 
the way of ships passing, and hope with another tide or two she 
will be dry on shore. We have cast 100 tons of mud out of her 
gun deck, and her hold is as full as it can be, which made her lift 
so exceeding weighty that both her sides were toru from the bottom, 
and the rest of her is equally shattered. The number of men we 
are forced to employ expend the beer so fast this hot weather, that 
our proportion will not hold to expend half the victuals, and we 
cannot put them to an allowance of beer at this time of year. 
Pray order down 10 or 12 tuns, to supply that expended extra. 
[Zbid. No. 164.] 


July 12. R. Mayors to [the Navy Commissioners]. I find that there will be 
43 beams of Capt. Shorter’s timber very long, and much more that 
would be fit for the service. With minutes of a contract with 


1669. 


July 12. 
Whitehall. 


July. 


July 12. 


July 12. 
Brooke House, 
Holborn. 


July 4. 


22 
Castle Cornet. 


July 12. 
Deal. 


July 12. 
Chester. 


July 12. 


Yarmouth. 


July 12. 


Dover. 


CHARLES II. 407 


Capt. Shorter, for its delivery at Deptford, at 3l. 6s. and 31. 3s. a 
load, ready money. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 262, No. 165.] 


Petition of Wm. Gulston, M.A., to the King, for a dispensation 
to hold two livings, the rectory of Milston, Wiltshire, which he 
now holds, and that of Nuthurst, Sussex, conferred upon him by 
the Bishop of Chichester ; but he cannot enjoy it, by reason of the 
distance, without a dispensation. With reference thereon to the 
Bishop of Oxford, and his report that the petitioner is deserving 
of the dispensation asked for, he having faithfully promised to con- 
trive a change as soon as possible.—16 July 1669. [Ibid. No. 166.] 


Entry of the above reference, dated 13 July. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 33, p. 48.] 


Warrant for a grant to Mary, widow of Jeremy Sambrooke, an 
officer of the East India Company, of one-third part of the estate of 
her husband, forfeit by his having become felo de se, provided she 
makes a full discovery of the other two-thirds of the said estate. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 111.] 


Order by the Commissioners for taking accounts, that William 
Wardour, Clerk of the Pells, furnish them by 30 July, with an 
account of all moneys paid into, and issued out of the Exchequer, 
upon the Poll Bill and Additional Supply, according to the method 
directed by the Board’s order of 5 March last. [S.P. Dom. 
Car. II. 262, No. 167.] 


Sir Jonathin Atkins to Williamson. Thanks for favours. The 
world is very quiet, but our bustling neighbours, the French, are 
still moving towards one point or another ; there are 12 frigates at 
Brest, and 5 from Toulon ready to sail, and they have lately built 
12 strong galleys. They are intent on maritime preparations, and 
are supplying the stores and arsenals with ordnance, &c. Six flats 
have reached Breda, laden with ordnance, masts, and cordage from 
Sweden and the Baltic, and 8 more are ordered. 

Duke Mazarin is removed from his charge of Governor of 
Brittany, and is made Governor of Alsace. I hear from St. Malo 
that there was an affront put upon our English frigate, the Milford, 
but the French King so resented it that the offending captain was 
ordered to be hanged. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 168.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Sir Edw. Spragg has sailed 
westward; a great fly-boat accompanied him. [Lbid. No. 169.] 


Ma. Anderton to Williamson. I send letters enclosed to my care 
by Mr. Ardrey, employed in the Customs. Since Sir Geoffry 
Shakerley took up some of the persons at the assemblies and con- 
venticles, they have been very submissive and quiet ; if his Majesty 
had as active and vigilant justices in all parts of his dominions, 
there would be less fear of tumults and rebellion. [Jbid. No. 170.] 

Leonard Bower to Williamson. There have 100 sail of laden 
colliers passed through for Sunderland and Newcastle. Pray de- 
liver the enclosed. to my father. [Jbid. No. 171.] 

Jo. Carlile to [Williamson]. I will neglect no opportunity to 
give the best intelligence, and doubt not to get a correspondence at 


408 . DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. ; 
Calais, though I go over for it. As to Mr. Dallett at Rye, there is 


little or no commerce, by reason of the pestilence at Dieppe. The 
Marquis de Ranso has arrived, to pay his respects to his Majesty 
and his Royal Highness, and is accompanied with 15 servants. 

Lady Mary Lexington, with her son, Lord Lexington, and her 
daughter and servants, have taken a French boat for Calais, and 
Lady Gerard, Baroness Bromley, has gone with them by his Majesty's 
order. I found in company with them Wm. Stuckley, one of the 
three that killed Capt. Bromwich ; but he says he was cleared by the 
coroner’s inquest; I have detained him until I hear from Lord 
Arlington or you. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 262, No. 172.] 


July 13. John Carlile to Williamson. I want to know, on behalf of myself 
Dover. and Dr. Holder, the deputy mayor, whether I shall keep Wm. 
Stuckley in custody, by virtue of the order formerly sent concern- 

ing the death of Capt. Bromwich. Stuckley contends that he is 
acquitted of the murder, but produces no discharge. [Jbid. No. 173.] 


July 13. Dr. Thos. Lamplugh to Williamson. I intended sending a larger 

Alban Hall. account of the business of our Act, but I am called away by Sir 
Edw. Norris, to pay the last office to his father, who died last 
Sunday. Idid not see the person recommended by your letter, to 
whom I should be kind for his brother’s sake, as well as his own. 
Dr. Wallis will forward a narrative by the next post. Dr. Compton 
performed his part so well that he came off with great applause, 
gaining reputation to himself, and did the University a great deal 
of honour. [Lbid. No. 174.] 


July 13, [Lord Arlington to the Lord Lieutenant of Devonshire.] His 

Whitehall. Majesty having received frequent informations from several parts of 
the increase of unlawful meetings, under pretence of religious wor- 
ship, contrary to law and in affront to the Government, particularly 
within the town of Plymouth, I am commanded by the King to 
desire you to break and disperse them as soon as formed, and to pro- 
ceed against the ringleaders according to law, as much danger is to 
be apprehended from suffering such, within any of the garrisons or 
places of strength. If you find occasion to call for assistance, the 
justices of peace and the magistrates and officers of Plymouth are 
to give it, and you are to furnish an account from time to time, to 
his Majesty or the Lords of the Treasury. [24 pages. Draft. Ibid. 
No. 175.] 


July 13. C. Cratford to Viscount Conway. I received your letter and 

Essex House. bill of exchange for 50.. from P. Neill, and shall place it for her lady- 
ship’s appointment. I also received 4007. of the Earl of Derby, for 
which Lady Clifton desires Sir Clifford [Clifton]s bond for 2007., 
and yours for the other 200/. All endeavours will be used to get 
in more money as fast as may be. [Jbid. No. 176.] 


July 13. Warrant to Sir John Howell, Recorder, and the Sheriffs of London, 

Whitehall. to reprieve, during pleasure, Edw. Maddox, condemned at the Old 
Bailey for highway robbery, on account of his services in discover- 
ing several notorious malefactors, who have thus been brought to 
condign punishment, [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 28, f. 27.] 


1669. 
July 13. 


July 13. 
Whitehall. 


July 13. 


July 13. 
Woolwich. 


July 13. 


Mary yacht, 


Dublin. 


July 14. 
Chatham 
Dock. 


July 14. 


July 14. 


Falmouth. 


July 14, 
July 14. 


Yarmouth. 


CHARLES II. 409 


Reprieve for Hen. Pritchard, committed at the Old Bailey for 
robbery of Talbot. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 154.) 


Summons for Thos. Parkhurst, bookseller, at the Bible, London 
Bridge, to appear before Lord Arlington at Goring House, and to 
bring with him a copy of the reply to a book entitled, “ A Friendly 
Debate,” newly printed ; also not to suffer any sheets of the said 
book to be disposed of, without leave from his lordship. Minute. 
[Lbid.] 


Summons for Thos. Leach, a printer in St. Jobn’s Street, to 
appear at the same place and time. Minute. [Jbid.] 


Wm. Ackworth to Lord Brouncker. There is very great want 
of a storehouse, to house ships’ stores when they return from sea, 
and to serve the ships when ordered to sea, which would save the 
King many hundreds in the year. There may be a house shedded 
for 30L, and the other house fitted where it stands for cordage, &c. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. 1. 262, No. 177.] 


Capt. Jas. Sharland to the Navy Commissioners. I send a de- 
mand for boatswain and carpenter’s stores; I desire orders as to 
reducing my complement of men to 20, and as to carrying a 
surgeon ; also some printed tickets. [Zbid. No. 178.] 


Ph. Pett to the Navy Commissioners. I have sent calkers aboard 
the Royal Sovereign to stop her leaks, and shall hasten to get the 
Dreadnought out of dock, in order to repair the dock and wharves. 
We have room for 40 large masts to be kept in the mast docks 
under water. We want more timber; particulars of some that may 
be purchased. Capt. Moorcock requires the use of the James hoy, 
and will allow 12s. a load for the loan of her, out of the timber to 
be fetched from Maulding [Maldon ?] [2 pages. Ibid. No. 179.] 


Sir Jo. Bennet to Williamson. I want you to put into the 
Gazette that the receipt within Temple Bar for letters, to be con- 
veyed to the General Post Office, is removed from Mr. Eales to 
Mr. Groine, stationer, at the Black Horse, between the two Temple 
gates, within the Bar. [Jbid. No. 180.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. The Swallow of Falmouth has 
arrived from Amsterdam, and reports that a Dutch East Indiaman 
has brought over 240,000 lbs. of tin, to be sold for 4s. a ewt. 
cheaper than that of Cornwall; if it proves as good, this will be a 
great loss to this country. The Speedwell and Hopewell of London 
have put to sea. A good fishing year is expected, great quantities 
having been already taken on the coast. [Zbid. No. 181.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Ibid. No. 182.] 


Leonard Bower to Williamson. Ten sail of colliers are riding in 
the road, bound for the North. A vessel has arrived from Rouen. 
The Frenchman that came over with Mr. Ballduck’s son, and died 


410 


1669. 


July 14. 
Weymouth. 


[July 14.] 


July 14. 
Milford. 


July 14. 
Plymouth. 


July 14. 
July 15. 


Swansea. 


July 15. 


July 15. 


July 15. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


of the sickness, has been buried. Pray deliver the enclosed to my 
father. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 262, No. 183.] 


Geo. Pley to Hickes. The sea ebbed and flowed 7 times each on 
the 10th instant, between 6 and 9 am., which was the more 
admired, in regard that it was in such a calm season, and fair 
weather, and at the time of neap and low tides. The like has 
never been known but once before, and that was about 3 years 
since. [Zbid. No. 184.] 


Petition of John Adrian and 8 other English merchants to the 
King, for a letter to the English Ambassador at the Hague, to 
interpose on their behalf. During the war with Holland, they were 
necessitated, for carrying on their trade, to use the names of several 
subjects of the King of Spain in the Spanish Netherlands ; 
having shipped goods at Ostend for England in Flemish vessels, 
some of them were taken by a Dutch man-of-war, and carried to 
Amsterdam, the petitioners not daring to claim them. The goods, 
appearing to be shipped in Flemish names, were arrested for some 
pretended losses of the Hollanders, and petitioners were constrained 
to give security to answer the arrest ; the States have since ordered 
the raising of money upon such security, for satisfaction of the 
pretended losses. [Jbid. No. 185.] 


John Powell to Williamson. Our harbour affords no news of any 
kind. [Jbid. No. 186.] 


John Clarke to Williamson. Lord Ambassador Howard has 
arrived, and intends to embark in the Mary Rose ; Sir Thos. Allin’s 
fleet is hourly expected. [Jbid. No. 187.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 188.] 


John Man to Williamson. The Duchess of Ormond, with her 
retinue, passed through Swansea from Milford last week, and 
was entertained by the Lord President [of Wales] at Golden Grove 
for 2 or 3 days, when she was conducted by him, and most of the 
principal gentry of Carmarthenshire, to Brecknock ; there she was 
received by the magistrates and gentlemen of the county, who 
entertained her with a handsome banquet, after which she pursued 
her journey towards London. [Jbid. No. 189.] 


Warrant for a grant of the King’s consent to the uniting the 
parishes of Bayton and Mamble, co. Worcester, both in his patron- 
age—as they are of too small value to maintain two ministers, 
and only a mile asunder—after the manner expressed in the Act for 
uniting churches; both parishes to resort henceforth to Mamble 
Church. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 112.] 

The King to the Duke of York. Having given leave to Major 
Banister, and 20 other planters, to go to Surinam, or some other 
port in the West Indies, in the frigate Sweepstakes, you are to order 
the Navy Commissioners to furnish for the said 20 persons 3 months’ 
provisions. [Zbid.] . 

Warrant for a grant to Thos. Killigrew, groom of the bedchamber 
of 1,095/. due by Sir Thos. Stanley of Alderley, co. Chester, for his 
dignity of a baronet, for which he has not sued out his quietus in 


1669. 


July 15. 


July 16. 


July 16. 


July 16. 
Whitehall. 


July 16. 


July 16. 


July 16. 


CHARLES II. 411 


the Exchequer, as he might and cught to have done; with power to 
recover and compound for the same. Also order for a warrant to 
the Exchequer officers, to grant the said quietus, on declaration of 
Killigrew that he has received or compounded for the money. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 26, f. 63.] 


Warrant for Thos. Leach, printer, and Thos. Parkhurst, book- 
seller, to be brought before Lord Arlington. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 154.] 


Pass for Orlando Gee, with 8 servants and 5 horses, to France. 
Minute. [Zbid. f. 156.] 


Letter to the University of Cambridge, for Hen. Edes to be made 
D.D. without performing exercises. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 31, f. 26.) Annexing, 


Earl of Manchester to Lord [Arlington]. I am willing that 
Hen. Edes, M.A., should take the degree of D.D. at Cam- 
bridge, if you will move his Majesty for a mandamus with 
dispensation from exercise, there being just ground to 
deserve the King’s favour therein. —14 July, 1669. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. IT, 263, No. 1.] 

Report by Lord Keeper Bridgeman, Lord Arlington,and See. Trevor, 
on the petition of the Earl of Bristol, referred to them 22 Jan. 1669. 
That the grant to him of the King’s moiety of the forfeiture on pro- 
hibited goods was in lieu of 10,0007. due to him, and of which he 
signed an acquittance. That his Majesty suspended the grant on some 
particular displeasure, but afterwards declared that the petitioner 
should not be frustrated thereof. That John, Earl of Bristol, father to 
the present Earl, purchased a pension of 2,000}. a year, for 31 years, 
from the late King, by way of rent-charge on the revenue of the 
Court of Wards, of which 16 or 17 years remained unpaid ; but the 
3 years unexpired since the Restoration have been paid, and on 
the Act for taking away the said Court, he was promised recom- 
pense. That he has lost also the wardship of Lord Brooke, given him 
by the late King, which would have done much to repair his estate, 
ruined by his loyalty. Advise that the 10,000/. from prohibited 
goods should be restored, and the pension of 2,000}. established 


‘ to him, to make the remainder of his life comfortable, he having 


no office, nor other mark of favour. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, 
pp. 48-50. ] 


Reference of the petition of Garrill, for the forfeitures of 
false refiners, to the Treasury Commissioners, the King not thinking 
fit to compensate his time and charges in their prosecution in that 
way, the whole being an uncertain sum. [Jb2d. p. 51.] 


The petition of Lord Willoughby, for reimbursement of such 
sums as appear to be due to him, referred to the Treasury Com- 
missioners. [Jbid. p. 52.] 

Reference of the petition of Col. Jo. Blunt, for the custody of the 
lands of idiots, to the Attorney-General, who is to consider of his 
Majesty’s right to the disposal of idiots, and to the reversion of the 
estate in the lands petitioned for. [Jbid.] 


412 


1669. 


July 16. 


July 16. 
Whitehall. 


July 16. 


July 16. 


Paris. 


July 16. 
Deptford. 


July 16. 
Woolwich. 


July 16. 


July 16. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Dispensation to Wm. Gulston to hold Milston and Nuthurst 
rectories, though beyond the distance. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 19, f. 108. See p. 407, supra. ] 


Proclamation charging all justices of peace to put into execution 
the laws for suppressing conventicles, which are held in greater 
number than formerly, and endanger the public peace. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. II. 263, No. 2.] 


Entry of the above. [Printed. Proc. Coll. p. 272.] 


Sidney Godolphin to Lord [Arlington]. I hear, by a gentleman 
sent by Lord Ormond to see Lord Cavendish, that the King intends 
to begin his journey for the New Forest on 5 Aug., at which I am 
troubled, fearing I shall not be able to come to London soon enough 
to fit myself with horses to follow him. It is my highest hope to 
do him some service, and if ever I was useful to him, it was in such 
journeys. You will know best whether it will be fit to make any 
excuse to the King for me, and if it will, pray doit. Ishould be glad 
to know whether you go with the King, and if you go to Euston, or 
any other progress, where one might follow you with less prepara- 
tions. Madame comes next Monday to St. Cloud, to stay till she is 
confined, and the King of France intends making her a great feast 
by the way, at Versailles. [Zbid. No. 3.] 


J. Uthwat to the Navy Commissioners. I send the survey of the 
Lenox yacht, taken by the officers at Chatham, with an account of 
the supplies made to her. I have no cognisance of what repairs 
were done, but her remains of rigging, and stores on board at her 
coming to Deptford, are now in the stores here. [Zbid. No. 4.] 


Capt. W. Hannam, and 3 other officers, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. The cost of removing the frame of the mast-house, and setting 
it up again where the Falcon was built, and making a new founda- 
tion, will amount to 70l., which is a greater charge than to erect 
anew mast-house. It is greatly wanted, to house cables, rigging, and 
ships’ stores to prevent embezzlements, the same being kept on 
board ships in harbour, for want of storehouse room. [Zbid. No. 5.] 


M. Wren to Pepys. Pray move the Board that the stop put 
on Mathew Pengelly’s wages, for being absent from the Defiance 
when she was fired, may be taken off, as he was absent by his Royal 
Highness’s particular leave. [Zbid. No. 6.] 


Estimate by Capt. Ant. Deane, and 2 others, for building a house 
130 feet square [at Portsmouth], to hold rigging and ships’ stores ; 
total 3221. 5s. Od. [Zbid. No. 7.] Annexing, 

Pencil drawing of the gable end of the proposed rigging- 
house. (Ibid. No. 71.] a e 
Estimate by Capt. Ant. Deane and another for building a 
rigging-house of the same size, total 2591. 8s. Od. Also 
estimate of the expense for repairing and lengthening a 


house im the yard at Portsmouth, total 131l. 10s. Od.— 
10 July 1669. [Ibid. No. 711] 


1669. 
July 16. 
Ruckholts. 


July 16. 


Yarmouth. 


July 16. 
Deal. 


July 17. 
Milford. 


July 17. 


July 17. 
Bridlington. 


July 17. 
Lyme. 


July 17. 


Jaye Zs 
July 17? 


July 17. 


CHARLES II. 413 


Sir Wm. Hickes to Williamson. Pray get a deputation from 
the King for the preservation of game, for Sir Martin Lumley, 
Bart, of Bradfield Park, Essex ; he is also a deputy-lieutenant, and 
commander of a troop of horse. Let me know when it is ready, 
so that I may come myself and see the fees discharged. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. IT. 263, No. 8.] 


Ann Bower to Williamson. In the absence of my husband, I 
received your letter of the 13th, and perceive you had a false 
report; the truth is that a child 6 months old, who was a relation, 
died in a house opposite, of vomiting, &c., which was duly inquired 
into, and so found by the bailiffs; since then the Frenchman has 
died, it is said, of the plague, but it was in a boarded house at 
the wharf, and apart from any other; all others are well. Some 
light vessels have sailed for Newcastle, and one for Rotterdam. 


[Zbid. No. 9.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. Arrival of a few ships; an unusual 
quantity of horse mackerel has appeared on shore; they are two- 
thirds as big as other mackerel. The corn is parched for want of 
rain. [Ibid. No. 10.] 


John Powell to Hickes. A Bristol ship for Barbadoes has put 
in here by contrary winds, waiting to continue her voyage. [Jbid. 
No. 11.] 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect, [Zbid. No. 12.] 


John Bower to Hickes. The coal traders are daily passing 
without molestation. The times being peaceable, both by land and 
sea, we have no news. [Jbid. No. 13.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. Two vessels have arrived laden with 
salt, and report that some Turkish men-of-war have taken several 
small merchantmen on the French coast, and chased others into 
Scilly, and other ports, for security. The tide here ebbed and 
flowed three times in the time of one tide, on the 10th instant, very 
much to the wonder of all, the like not being known in the time of 
any-man living. [Jbid. No. 14.] 


Warrant for a grant to Rob. Croke of the reversion, after his 
father, Sir Rob. Croke, of the office of Engrosser of the Great Rolls 
or Clerk of the Pipe in the Exchequer, which reversion has been 
surrendered by the Earl of St. Alban’s, to whom it was granted by 
the late King. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 113.] 


Caveat for Mr. Rustat that no grant pass of Rich, Sandford’s 
estate or goods. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 82, p. 5.] 


Caveat for Mr. Oneby that nothing pass concerning a presenta- 
tion to Church Langton, co. Leicester. [Jbid. p. 8.] 


M. Wren to Pepys. By means of Mr. Fountaine, I can send money 
to Capt. Faseby, who is with the Monmouth yacht at Minehead, ex- 
pecting the coming of Lord Orrery, of which there is no more assur- 
ance than the Jews have of the coming of the Messiah, or the Turks 


414 


1669. 


July.17. 


Chatham. 


July 18. 
St. Helen’s 
Road. 


July 18. 
St. Helen’s 
Road. 


July 18. 


Portsmouth, 


July 18. 
Plymouth. 


[July 18.] 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


of Mahomet. Ifyou will put my money in Mr. Fountaine’s hands, 
he will give a receipt and take care that the captain has it in 6 or 
7 days; without it I fear he will starve, for he must stay there a 
little longer, Lord Orrery still believing that he shall make use of 
him for his passage to Ireland. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 263, No. 15.] 


Edw. Gregory and 2 other officers to the Navy Commissioners. 
The wreck of the Flemish fireship, ordered to be delivered to gunner 
Clarke, is worth 80l. ; but in consideration of her lying so con- 
veniently for the use of the Ordnance Officers, we think she will 
be of more value to the King, if broken up for their platforms, &e. 
With note of a warrant for delivering the ship to Clarke. [Zbid. 
No. 16.] 


Sir Edw. Spragg to the Navy Commissioners. I have received 
the bill of lading of stores to be sent to Lisbon for my use, and 
desire they may be delivered to the English Consul there, to be 
kept in the King of Portugal’s magazine until my arrival. I shall 
observe his Royal Highness’s instructions, but being on the point 
of sailing, have not time to comply concerning an account of the 
rigging, stores, &e. I discharged Edw. Burwood, though it is in 
a very unseasonable time, considering how hard it is to get such 
men. Let some printed tickets for men discharged be sent to 
Lisbon by Capt. Wiltshire, if he has not sailed out of the Downs. 
[2 pages. Ibid. No. 17.] 


Same to Williamson. I arrived yesterday at St. Helen’s Road, 
where I found Sir Thos. Allin, who had just come to anchor from 
Spithead ; we are all ready to sail the first opportunity. I beg 
correspondence with one of your clerks, which I will return from 
time to time; my remembrances to Lord Arlington. [Jbid. 
No. 18.] 


Chas. Collier, for Hugh Salesbury, to Williamson. Sir Thos. 
Allin and his fleet left Spithead, and joined Sir Edw. Spragg. 
[Lbid. No. 19.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. Lord Howard, the Ambassador, arrived 
on Wednesday, went to view the citadel and island, and then 
went on board the Mary Rose, the cannons from fort, island, 
and ships proclaiming his welcome, Yesterday he went to 
Mr. Howell’s house at Washburne, 20 miles distant. Mr. Warren, 
Secretary to the Embassy, has come in, The Mary Rose, Fore- 
sight, and Roe ketch are in port. [Jbid. No. 20.] 


Warrant for a commission to William Earl of Craven, Anthony 
Lord Ashley, John Lord Lucas, the Bishops of London, Ely, and 
Rochester, and 9 others, including several of the judges, to convene 
before them the present Archbishop of York, late Bishop of Car- 
lisle, at suit of the present Bishop of Carlisle, to answer for the 
dilapidations of Rose Castle, Cumberland, and other edifices belong- 
ing to the bishopric, and to determine the whole cause; with all 
powers of coercion used in ecclesiastical causes, [Zbid. No. 21.] 


1669. 
[July 18.] 


July 18. 


July 18. 


Portsmouth. 


July 18. 
Deal. 


Jaly 19. 
Deal. 


July 19. 
Falmouth. 


July 19. 


CHARLES II. 415 


Blank draft of the preceding commission, [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 263, No. 214.] 


Entry of the above commission. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, 


f. 156] 


Docquet of the above commission, dated 3 Aug. [Docquet, 
Vol. 24, No. 73.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to Williamson. I have sent up the table-book 
and what papers I had from Mr. Castell, relating to the dimensions 
of ships, harbours, and places he had been to, the prices of naval 
stores &c., which, if he had lived to interpret, would have been 
useful; but since it is otherwise, I beg your interest on behalf of 
Castell’s wife, whose loss can never be repaired but in part by 
your regards. The King promised me that she should have a 
reward answerable to her loss, and it only wants my Lord’s help 
and yours. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 263, No. 22.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Two ships have arrived from Bar- 
badoes and one from Guinea; another is in the Channel. [Ibid. 
No, 23.] 


Same to the Same. Two ships have arrived from Guinea, one of 
which reports that Mr. Rotton, coming from Old Calabar to Barba- 
does, redeemed 3 Englishmen, left behind by Capt. Edw. Digson, 
and sold by the blacks, one of whom was my brother’s son. This 
is a wonder to all who hear it, considering the savageness of these 
blacks. [Ibid. No. 24.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. The Virgin of Falmouth has arrived 
from Rochelle with salt, and reports that the French King demands 
great sums of money of the Hollanders, and that if it were not for 
the Triple Alliance, he would soon compel them to pay it; there 
have not been 10 Dutch vessels loaded in that river these 4 months, 
but what go under the names of Hamburghers or Ostenders, for 
fear a stop should be put upon them. The Providence from Barba- 
does, and the Penryn Merchant from Nance [Nantes ?] laden with 
salt, have also come in. [Lbid. No. 25.] 


Thos. Nixon to Rob. Francis. I would not have you think that 


Trinity College. I send to you more for convenience than duty, though I send a 


[Cambridge]. 


July 19. 


Standon. 


letter stuffed with others for other people; I hope you will direct 
and send a letter enclosed to my father. [Jbid. No. 26.] 


_ Walter, Lord Aston, to Williamson. I have lately had a com- 
mission sent me for my perusal and opinion, under the Duchy seal, 
by the Chancellor, Sir Thos. Ingram, wherein I am appointed a 
Commissioner to inquire into all trespasses committed within Tut- 
bury Honour and Needwood Forest, so that course may be taken 
against the offenders; tell me your opinion how the game and the 
wood can be improved for his Majesty’s pleasure and profit. 

As I am High Steward of Tutbury, and lieutenant and woodmaster 
of Needwood Forest, and as it is his Majesty’s wish that I should go 
down to Staffordshire and attend the said business, I beg that my 


416 


1669. 


[July 19.] 


July 19. 


July 19. 


July 19. 
Chatham. 


July 19. 


Portsmouth. 


July 20. 
Chatham. 


July 20. 


Portsmouth. 


July 20. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


commission may be framed absolutely clear, when I hope to do good 
service; I shall receive it as a great favour and honour, as it will 
something repair me in my own country, where I am much lessened 
by the late favour to Col. Vernon. Pray assist me in my suit with 
Lord Arlington for it, and if it ever lies in my power, I will 
endeavour to deserve it. With suggestions [by Williamson] for two 
alterations in the commission on Lord Aston’s behalf. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 268, No. 27.] . 


Petition of Sam. Ball, M.A., to the King, for letters mandatory to 
the Master and Fellows of St. Peter’s College, Cambridge, to pre- 
elect and admit him into the next fellowship of the old foundation 
that shall become void. Is possessed of a by-foundation fellowship 
in the University, but is not in a capacity of being elected, by 
reason of some statutes that may be interpreted to his prejudice. 
[Zbid. No. 28.] 


Commission for James Mauleverer to be ensign to Sir Philip Monck- 
ton’s company, in Col. Russell’s regiment of Guards. Minute. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 29, p. 34.) 


Pass for 6 horses for M. Crequy. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 30, f. 162.] 


Phineas Pett to the Navy Commissioners. I have treated with 
Mr, Lewsley for 6,000 broom, and beg you will appoint a person 
to view it, the stores being in great want of it; we also much want 
deals, and a warrant for impressing shipwrights, house carpenters, 
and bricklayers, as they will not come without. The calkers pressed 
have not appeared ; let some course be taken for sending them or 
others down, as it gives a bad example to those who have appeared, 
and injures the service. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 263, No. 29.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. Let the spruce 
deals be sent down, they being the only stop to the works on the 
Fairfax and the new ship. Wm. Castell has a parcel of timber at 
Fareham at 44s. a load ; pray buy it, as it is a bargain. Sir Thos. 
Allin sailed from Spithead yesterday with the whole fleet. [JZbid. 
No. 80.] 


Edw. Gregory and J. Wilson to the Navy Commissioners. We 
send an account of the goods sold by auction on warrants, and to 
whom they were delivered. [Jbid. No. 31.] 


Abra. Ansley to the Navy Commissioners. The fleet sailed this 
morning; the wind north and a hard gale. [Zbid. No. 32.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I send an 
account of the stores required, which may be had: in this country 
for ready money, amounting to 2,3501. I desire directions as to the 
removal of old hulks; also what allowance. is to be made to the 
surgeon attending the workmen in the forest, divers of whom have 
cut themselves in hewing the frame for the new ship, and must have 
suffered for the want of one. Mr. Silvester offers that—for 4001, to 
be paid now, and 2007. more in 2 months—he will complete the chain 


1669. 


July 20. 


July 20. 


July 20. 
Stockwith. 


July 20. 


July 20. 


Treasury 
Chambers. 


July 20. 


Treasury 
Chambers, 
Whitehall. 


July 20. 
Plymouth. 


July 20. 
Deal. 


79380. 


CHARLES II. 417 


and bridle in 3 months. The chain at 42s. a cwt. will cost 1,0087., 


and the bridle 927. 16s. 3d. [13 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 263, 
No. 33.] 


Abr. Parker to the Navy Commissioners. I request you will 
peruse his Royal Highness’s reference and my certificates, and grant 
my desires, that I may no longer wait,—after 3 years’ time, and 
expense of 300l.,—for that which is not one-sixth the value, and 
which you have certified that I deserve and ought to receive. 
[Lbid. No. 34.] 


Wm. Williamson, master of the Black Dog, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. Particulars of a journey from Deptford to Stockwith for 
timber, and back ; we want a supply of victuals, as we are beginning 
to unload. [Jbid. No. 35.] 


John Russell to the Navy Commissioners. I send the bills of 
lading of the Black Dog and Adam and Eve, and desire you will 
send a ship to Hull for the timber. I lent Lord Byron the Chick 
to carry plank to Hull, where he has a ship loading. The James 
hoy has come up to Stockwith. [Zbid. No. 36.] 


Memorandum by Attorney-General Palmer, entitled, “ Heads of a 
Charter of Incorporation of the Burgesses, &e., of Llanvilling, co. 
Montgomery, and of a grant and confirmation of the ancient liberties 
and privileges there formerly enjoyed by them and the Lord Powis, 
Lord thereof.” With the alterations and additions desired and 
needed ; also the names of the 2 bailiffs, 15 capital burgesses, steward, 
town clerk, and coroner. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 37.] 


Sir George Downing to the Navy Commissioners. The Lords 
Commissioners desire you will furnish an account of all payments 
made for salaries and pensions, as other offices have done. [Jbid. 


No. 38.] 


Same to Lord Arlington. Your two letters and papers about 
the revenue in Ireland have been considered by the Treasury Com- 
missioners, and heard by the King, in presence of the Lords of 
the Council of Ireland, and the Lord Privy Seal. I am instructed to 
enclose you the answer. [Jbid. No. 39.] 


Rob. Wynn to Rob. Francis. I arrived here with Mr. Warren 
on Saturday night; we found Lord Howard withdrawn for his 
diversion 20 miles out of town, where he will continue until 
Sir Thos. Allin’s fleet comes about, which is expected in 8 days; 
this is very unlucky for me, as every man lies at his own expense, 
but I am continued in hopes by Mr. Warren that Lord Howard will 
give me a fair reception. Pray procure a recommendation to his 
Lordship for me. Apply to my brother Thomas, in Mark Lane, 
who laid out 3., in linen for me, for a second supply, as the linen 
was all lost by the carelessness of the post, and the money I received 
from friends was expended in coming down. I hope you will be 
kind to honest Thos. Maddocks, as he is endeavouring your speedy 
payment. Endorsed, “Cousin Wynn.” [Zbid. No. 40.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. The Straits’ ships and others are 
sailing westward, with a fresh gale. [Jbid. No. 41.] 
DD 


418 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. 

July 20. Hen. Bulstrode to Williamson. I request you to speak to Lord 

My house at Arlington on. behalf of my neighbour, Mr. Manser of Petworth, for 

Petworth thie postmaster’s place, his house having been formerly used as the 
post house, and he being willing either to farm it, or to be at an 
allowance for the situation; he is a just and a sufficient man. 
Let your reply be left with the porter at Northumberland House. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 268, No. 42.] 


July 21. John Powell to Williamson. These parts afford no news of any 
Pembroke. kind. [Zbid. No. 43.] 


July 21. Same to Hickes: To the same effect. [bid. No. 44.] 


July 21. Chas. Collier, for Hugh Salesbury, to Williamson. On Tuesday 
Portsmouth. Sir Thos. Allin and his fleet sailed for the Straits, with a fair wind. 
[Zbid. No. 45.] 


July 21. Grant to George, Duke of Buckingham, Master of the Horse, of 
all that new building near Wallingford House, commonly called 
Pickering House, together with the Tilt Yard adjoining, for his 
better accommodation upon his attendance on the King at Court. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 116.] 


July 21. Report by the Treasury Commissioners to the King. We have 
Treasury considered the proposal made to us by John Kilby, late collector of 
een hearth money for co. Bucks, as also another proposal of his to Col. 
ifford, about an arrear of the said money due to his Majesty from 
Kilby, which his Majesty has bestowed on Col. Giiford, towards 
payment of his debt. We find little difference between the pro- 
posals, and Mrs. Gifford desires that she and her husband may 
make an agreement with Kilby, without our interposition, it 
being more satisfactory to her husband’s creditors, and that Kilby 
may remain under restraint meantime, and then be discharged of 
the said debt; we think this may be done by letters of privy seal, 
if your Majesty thinks fit. [S.P. Dom., Car. IJ. 268, No. 46.] 


July 21. J. Wilson, storekeeper, to the Navy Commissioners. I beg leave 

Chatham. of absence for a week, my wife being ill, and advised by her physi- 
cian to take change of air. I doubt not but my instruments will 
double their diligence in my absence. [Jbid. No. 47.] 


July 21. Sir Geo. Carteret to the Navy Commissioners. I return 

Bedford. Mr. Dering’s paper, with another signed by him, little differing 
from that sent, which I hope you will like; but if not, pray return 
them with your exceptions. [Jbid. No. 48.] Encloses, 


Considerations by the Navy Commissioners, leading them to 

admit Mr. Dering’s pretences to satisfaction for goods pro- 

vided by him at Hamburg for his Majesty’s use in 1664; 

with note that the paper was cancelled 24 July 1669, Sir 

Geo. Carteret having proposed and signed another, in which 

the whole was abundantly implied. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 481.] 

July 22, M. Wren to Pepys. Let Capt. Crow, of the Henrietta yacht, be 
Whitehall. fitted with a mast, having sprung his own in a voyage from Scot- 
land. Let this be done at once, as the vessel is of everyday use, 

and his Majesty is speaking of going to Sheerness next week. 


[Ibid, No, 49.] 


1669. 


July 22. 
Chatham 
Dock. 


July 22. 
Chatham. 


July 22 


July 22. 


July 22. 
Falmouth. 


July 22. 
Weybridge. 


July 22. 


CHARLES IL 419 


Ph. Pett to the Navy Commissioners. I am sorry you are not 
satisfied about the 40 shipwrights entered; if they are dis- 
charged, there are none here to be had, unless by a press war- 
rant. I perceive a general discontent among them, from having 
heard that they were to be discharged at the beginning of the 
winter; but I satisfied them that I knew nothing of it, and that the 
report was false. If the new ship is not launched with all speed, 
her main keel will be rotten, which will be a great prejudice to the 
King, and disreputable to the dock. [13 pages. SP. Dom., 
Car. II. 263, No. 50.] 


Edw. Gregory to the Navy Commissioners. JI concur with 
Mr. Pett and his assistant that it was impossible to procure the 
number of shipwrights out of this or the neighbouring towns, without 
admitting many formerly discharged ; instance of a case in support 
of it. It would be well to enter 20 of the discharged men. [Jbid. 
No. 51.] 


Warrant tothe Duke of Albemarle, steward of Hampton Court, to 
admit John Herne as tenant of a parcel of land of 6 acres, enclosed 
out of the common adjoining to Teddington town’s end, belonging to 
the manor of Hampton Court, in case John Pope, who now holds it, 
was installed in it by Phelps, who purchased it from the 
usurpers. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 114.] 


Warrant to George, Duke of Buckingham, Master of the Horse, 
to provide 6. horses to be sent to George William, Duke of Bruns- 
wick and Luneburg, who has lately presented the King with a 
good number of stags out of Germany. With note that on 7 Aug. 
another warrant was drawn for 12 horses. [Jbid.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. To the same effect as his letter to 
Hickes of the 19th. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 263, No. 52.] 


Col. Ant. Buller to Rob Francis. Pray procure me a reference 
by the time I return from the country on Tuesday, or I shall re- 
ceive prejudice. [Lbid. No. 53.] 

Sir Phil. Musgrave to Williamson. I encouraged some persons, 
by Lord Arlington’s commands, to give intelligence of the Noncon- 
formist meetings, and disbursed some money therein, and such 
letters as came over were sent to you; but receiving no advice or 
instruction in return, I have since sent to my correspondents to 
discontinue their intelligence, unless they meet with anything con- 
siderable. The enclosed contains something so scandalous and 
base, if not dangerous, that I could not suffer it to rest in my hands. 
I am rejoiced to find the Nonconformists are discovered to be as I 
ever accounted them, though there may be some mistake as to the 
number or danger of them in Carlisle. I was glad of his Lordship’s 
letter, and while I have employment, which age makes me grow 
daily unfit for, I shall be faithful to the trust reposed in me. 
[14 pages. Ibid. No. 54.] Enclosing, 

H. W.[Wm. Haggett] to [Sir Philip Musgrave]. I was shown 
a letter by Mr. Cocks, wherein the writer said the face of 
things in London, with regard to meetings, began to look 

DDZ 


420 


1669. 


July 23. 


Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


very sad, as since the King went to view the several ports 
near London, they had imprisoned Mr. Baxter, the eminent 
preacher, who used to have upwards of 1,500 at his meetings ; 
but the rest continue to hold their meetings, and are very 
numerous. Geo. Harwood told me that Hen. Blacket, the 
Anabaptist, asserted he had heard from his London corre- 
spondents that a gentlewoman was trepanned and brought 
to a place in the City, where the King and 3 others had 
dealings with her contrary to her will, and that she died 
within 12 howrs after. Another asserted there would be such 
an overturning of the state of things, between this and 
Michaelmas, as was never experienced im their lives. 

Cocks is as much bent as ever to keep wp his meeting, and says 
if they come by hundreds, they shall be welcomed. I hear 
that the King is much blamed for not putting the laws into 
execution against persons using private meetings, and that 
he sent for Mr. Kiplin, a considerable merchant, and two 
other chiefs of the Anabaptists, and was very familiar with 
them ; but informed them that, as he could not give any 
further protection, he wished them to forbear. Cocks has been 
with Sir Thos. Liddell, to whom he always goes when he 
hears anything considerable, as also have Gower, Parker, 
Swan, Joblin, and others. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 263, No. 541.] 


Petition of the inhabitants of Taunton, co. Somerset, to the King, 
for a revival or regrant of their former charters and privileges, with 
such alterations and additions as are desired in papers annexed. 
The late King, in the second year of his reign, created Taunton a 
corporation ; but by the late Act for regulating corporations, several 
members of the society were displaced, and no others being sworn 
in their stead, the powers and privileges granted by the patent have 
ceased to exist. With order thereon to the Attorney-General, in 
favour of the restoration of the charter, but he is to consider of 
provisions and restrictions to be made in the new charter, that the 
petitioners may remember hereafter better to deserve his Majesty’s 
grace than they have formerly done, and to take care that all 
officers and members of the corporation are persons of loyalty and 
sobriety. [Ibid. No. 55.] Anneaxing, 


Lord Powlett, Sir John Sydenham, and 10 others to the King. 
The town of Taunton is very populous, and equal to any in 
the west of England, being one of great trade, and where the 
assizes are held; yet there is no officer above a constable, 
although it formerly had a mayor and a justice of the peace. 
We think that the town should be incorporated, with such 
powers as his Majesty shall think fit, apprehending that the 
late miscarriage there has proceeded from the want of an 
authority suitable to the government of a place so great for 
trade and commerce, and where so many persons reside or 
resort.—5 July 1669. [Zbid. No. 551.) 


Sir John Vaughan [Chief Justice] and Sir John Archer [Jus- 
tice of the Common Pleas] to Lord Keeper Bridgman, to the 


1669. 


July 23. 


July 23. 


[July 23.] 
July 23. 
July 23. 


July 23. 


CHARLES II. 421 


same efect. We find that the benefit of the charter granted 
by Charles I. has been lost by some late disorders there, which 
proceeded from the inferior sort of people, more for the 
want of a magistracy than from any disaffection to the 
Government, and that it will be for his Majesty’s service to 


restore the town to its former decency and countenance. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II, 263, No. 5511.] 


Heads of the charter granted by Charles I., upon the petition 
of the burgesses and inhabitants of ihe borough of Taunton. 
[13 pages. Ibid. No. 55111.) 


Heads of the alterations and additions desired by the inhabi- 
tants of Taunton to be inserted in their charter. [Ibid. 
No. 551v.] 


Four reasons why the inhabitants of Taunton desire to be 
incorporated. [Ibid. No. 55v.] 


Report of Attorney-General Palmer, on the petition of Taunton 
for incorporation, that all the officers and members of the 
corporation shall take the oath of allegiance and supremacy; 
that the approbation of the recorder and town clerk shall be 
reserved to his Majesty ; and that power shall be reserved to 
him to dissolve the corporation, and disfranchise any member 
at pleasure, though the petitioners desire it may only be upon 
misbehaviour or demertt.—23 Oct. 1669. [Ibid. No. 55v1.] 


Form of a proposed warrant for a bill to pass the Great Seal, 
for incorporating the burgesses and inhabitants of the borough 
and town of Taunton and the parish of St. Mary Magdalen, 
Somerset, into one body, by the name of the mayor, aldermen, 
and burgesses of the borough of Taunton; granting and 
confirming their former charters, liberties, and privileges, 
with such alterations and additions as are mentioned in 
the above papers.—Dec. 1669. [Lbid. No. 55v11.] 


Entry of the preceding reference of the Taunton petition. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 54.) 


Warrant for a grant annexing the Deanery of St. Burian, co. Corn- 
wall, and diocese of Exeter, to the bishopric of Exeter, to be held 
by Antony, the present bishop, in as ample manner as by Dr. Weekes, 
the late incumbent. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 268, No. 56.] 


Minute of the above. [Zbid. No. 57.] 
Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 29, p. 107.] 


Order to the Ordnance Commissioners to deliver to Col. Russell 
3 waggons, 7 barrels of powder, a large tent for 80 soldiers of the 
King’s guard, a tent for the officers, &. [S.P. Dom, Entry 
Book 20, p. 200.] 


Pass for 8 horses for Mr. Borush. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 30, f. 160.] 


422 


1669. 
July 23. 


July 23. 


July 23. 


July 23, 
Whitehall. 


July 23. 
July 23. 


July [23]. 
Plymouth 
Sound. 


July 23, 
Plymouth. 


July 23, 
Plymouth, 


July 23. 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Pass for 6 horses for the Marshal de Crequy. Minute. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 160.] 


Warrant to Sir Stephen Fox to pay 500/. each to John, Earl of 
Lauderdale, Henry, Lord Arlington, and Anthony, Lord Ashley, out 
of 1,5001. directed to be paid to him 8 May last, by Lord Ashley, 
treasurer for prizes. [Jbid.] 


Grant of denization to Jacob, Joshua, Moses, and Abraham Bueno 
Henriques, and Samuel Alvares, natives of Bayonne. Minute. 


[Ibid. f. 161.] 
Docquet of the above, dated 5 August. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 74.] 


Warrant for a pardon with restitution to Thos. Moore, for felo- 
niously striking Thos. Cooke a wound which occasioned his death, 
he having struck him as a sentinel in discharge of his duty. With 
note ordering the pardon, with a non-obstante of the statute of 
13 Rich. II. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT, 263, No. 58.] 


Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 161.] 


Licence for the High Sheriff of Cumberland to be absent from 
his county. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 26.] 


Sir Thos. Allin to Williamson. The bad weather and south 
winds brought Sir Edw. Spragg to St. Helen’s Road, without the 


_ Golden Hand storeship, whereupon I ordered Capt. Thos. Darcy 


in the Dartmouth to go for the Downs, and to look in at all 
places on his way, and if he found the Centurion and another, to 
make all haste for Cadiz. I came to Plymouth to take Lord 
Howard, and found he went on Saturday to Mr. Howell’s, but 
despatched a letter, and hope to have him on board and to sail this 
day, as it is a pity to lose the good wind. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 263 
No. 59.] 


John Clarke to Williamson, Sir Thos. Allin, with 12 men-of-war, 
a fireship, and 2 ketches, put into Plymouth on Wednesday, but 
came not ashore, and has since sailed again. Yesterday Lord 
Howard, the Ambassador, with his train, embarked in the Mary 
Rose ketch, and another ship that waited on him, Sir Edw. 
Spragg, with the remainder of Sir Thos. Allin’s fleet, did not touch 
here. [Jbid. No. 60.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect. Asks for a copy or two 
of the proclamations relating to the Post Office affair. [Jbid. 
No. 61,} 


Report of the Duke of Buckingham, and 7 others of the Council 
of Trade, to the King, on the petition of Geo. Herriott, cold presser 
of woollen manufacture. You appointed a committee to receive 
the proposals of the petitioner, and to hear what objections could be 
made against him by others engaged in the art of cloth pressing; 
he affirms that—having lived in Holland 18 years, and observed 
how much, after they have bought English woollen cloth, they 
raise its esteem by a certain way of cold pressing unknown in his 
Majesty's dominions—he has become expert in the said art, and, 


1669. 


July 23. 
July 23. 


Plymouth. 


July 23. 


Chatham. 


July 24. 


Chatham. 


July 24, 


CHARLES II. 423 


being the sole operator in England, asks a patent for 14 years for 
bringing over the invention. 

The committee having made their report, we find that the way 
of hot pressing woollen manufacture is practised, though contrary to 
the laws, but it is necessary and useful, and not prejudicial to the 
cloth ; yet that if a better way of cold pressing can be found, the 
inconveniences of staining by rain, &c., to which the hot press renders 
the cloth liable, will in a great measure be prevented; and as it 
will be an encouragement to other ingenious inventions, and the 
petitioner does not propose to hinder any other man from using 
any other kind of cold press which has hitherto been made use of, 
we suggest the granting of such a patent as counsel at law shall 
suggest, with proviso that no heat be used therein. 

With reference thereon to the Attorney-General Palmer, and his 
report that the patent may be granted for the term asked, subject 
to the insertion of a proviso for revoking it, if it shall appear pre- 
judicial to the public, or not a new invention—6 Aug. 1669. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. II, 263, No. 62.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 53.] 


John Lanyon to the Navy Commissioners. I send you the 
accounts of provisions in store, and of the disposal of old rope, 
masts, &c., which concludes the whole affair under my charge at 
this port. The omissions are but 16l. 12s. 2d., due to many people. 
I hope you will allow them, to prevent farther clamour. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 263, No. 63.] 


Capt. Edw. Moorcock and John Moore to the Navy Commissioners. 
We have the wreck as far on shore as is desired, and although 
much shattered, she may be made to swim at a small charge . We 
are preparing to attempt another lying in the Channel. We hear 
nothing of the 12 tuns of beer ordered; let it be hastened down, as 
that received with the last victualling is very nearly expended. 


[Ibid. No. 64.] 


J. Wilson to the Navy Commissioners. I find in Mason’s con- 
tract that 330 loads of timber is to be marked out of a greater 
parcel, by a person appointed by you. Let me know the person, 
and his mark, as timber is brought in daily, and it will be hard 
hereafter to settle any differences that shall happen. [Zbid. No. 65.] 


Sam. Pepys to the Navy Commissioners. This Board not having 
received the least intimation, for several months back, from the 
Commissioners of Accounts, touching any further supplies towards 
satisfying them, I conceive it unsafe for the Board to forbear longer 
doing their part. I advise that you should forthwith resolve either 
upon some joint answer to the said Commissioners, in defence of 
the office, by laying before them the true grounds of its incapacity 
to satisfy them, or leave each man to do himself right therein. The 
Board ordered, as to the list of ships employed since the beginning 
of the war, that their respective clerks should meet to adjust their 
several lists, according to the form in which my own was tendered. 
The clerks met, but the lists sent in were so imperfect that we seem 


424 


1669. 


July 24. 


Portsmouth 
Ropeyard. 


July 24. 


Chatham 
Dock. 


July 24. 


July 25. 


Rainham. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


as far from being able to answer the Commissioners on that point 
as we were 12 months since. This appears to me a matter of 
unanswerable reproach to the office, so I beg leave to renew my 
motion. [2 pages. SP. Dom., Car. TI. 263, No. 66.] 


Gregory Peachy to the Navy Commissioners. I send quarterly 
books for the ropeyard, and pray that the monthly books may be 
returned or cancelled. [Jbid. No. 67.] 


Capt. Wm. Rand to the Navy Commissioners. I beg leave of 
absence for 5 or 6 days, having business in East Kent. I must go 
to the Downs where, if I can do any service, I shall be most willing. 
[Ibid. No. 68.] 


Certificate by Rich. Reynell, of Surgeons’ Hall, that John Bishop, 
late surgeon, and John Grundy, present surgeon of the Mary, have 
received their free gift and imprest money. [Jbid. No. 69.] 


Lord Townshend to James Halsall, Green Mews, Charing Cross. 
I enclose papers respecting John Blancher. As he is such a rogue, 
and is confined for murder, I do not think his evidence worth 
much, as to Major Wildman being the man that gave the stroke, 
but I believe, if forced, he would confess who did it. Blancher had 
sentence of death pronounced against him at Norwich, but the 
execution was stayed through a defect in the law. 

I desire speedy proceedings may be taken against him, if any 
are contemplated, as it is a great charge to keep him ; many people 
come to the grate every day, pretending to have law from him, 
and give him money, although his education was no more than 
that of a journeyman shoemaker. 

Wildman was at Norwich the other day, with others of his 
principles, and was very open and high; I heard it proved at the 
sessions, against one of the chiefest and most popular Quakers, that 
he should say, “ Neighbour, are you whetting your scythe against 
harvest ? You had more need whet your sword.” And being asked 
why, he answered, “Do ye hear nothing of wars begun or to 
be begun?” I know there is small encouragement to appear in any 
concerns of this nature, but as you are Scoutmaster General, it is 
fit you should know all things, and make discovery if permitted so 
to do. If the papers enclosed are of no use, let them be kept 
until I come to town, Endorsed [by Williamson], “The letter 
which gave occasion to the unkindness between Lords Arlington 
and Townshend,” [Jbid. No. 70.] Anneaxing, 

Rob. Lulman to [Lord Townshend]. Besides the evidence 
enclosed against Blancher [or Blanchard], Mr. Palmer and 
Mr. Brook heard him say that he was wpon the scaffold, 
and saw the King spurn the chains with his foot that were 
fastened to the scaffold to bind him, after he had asked what 
they were for, That he saw him deliver his George and 
Garter to Dr. Juxon, giving him charge to keep them for 
his son; that Wildman was upon the scaffold, and helped 


him up, and that Wildman knew very well who was the 
King’s executioner, i 


1669. 
July 25. 


CHARLES II. 425 


Blancher asked the gaoler what your lordship would do with 


him; and upon being answered, hang him up, he replied 
that several great persons should be hung with him, and 
that at his death, he would make such a sermon as never 
was made in England. There was found in his pocket 
191. 14s. 6d., and as he attempted to escape, he has been 
removed over to the gaol, and a guard placed night and day 
over him, at the expense of the gaoler, who hopes to be 
allowed it out of the money found upon Blancher. T can- 
not find out to whom Wildman spoke the words that I 
informed Sir Peter Gleane of, but I will be very indus- 
trious to give your lordship a better accownt.—20 July, 
Norwich. [S.P. Dom., Car. II: 268, No. 701] 


Information of Rich. Wright. I went to the gaol of Norwich 


im 1656 upon business, and hearing that Jno. Blancher, a 
cordwainer of Norwich, was in the gaol, I desired to see 
him. On some discourse, he told me that he had the King’s 
waistcoat, gloves, and garters that he wore on the scaffold, 
and that he was there in disguise. That he was very inti- 
mate with Bradshaw, and had many times ridden with 
him in his coach, as also with Oliver St. John, a pretended 
judge of Oliver Cromwells, and Judge Ask, or Ascue, who 
had his lodgings in Holborn; and that out of the room 
where Blancher and Ask met, there was a room with a pri- 
vate door, descending a pair of stairs, by and through which 
Blancher had his common regress.—Christ Church Close, 
Norwich, 15 July 1669. [Ibid. No. 7011.] 


Account of the murders, felonies, perjuries, and other mis- 


jæi 


Ns 


ise) 


A 


demeanours of John Blancher, a condemned prisoner in 
the city gaol. 


. In 1646 he was convicted for a common barrator, and fined 


1001. and one year’s imprisonment; the bailifs going to 
arrest him, he killed Robert Cooke, and then fled, but was 
retaken and tried, when the jury gave a special verdict. 

The next sessions he was indicted for the murder of Wm. 
Henry, and a true bill fownd, but he broke from gaol before 
the trial, and was not taken for several years after, and not 
until after the evidence for the King was dead ; but he was 
outlawed for felony. During the time of his escape, he went 
by the name of Browne, and was very great with Lords 
Bradshaw and Ask, who murdered the King, has been 
often seen riding in the same coach with them, and was 
also servant to Bradshaw at the time of the King’s trial. 


. He had the waistcoat, stockings, garters, and roses that 


the King wore the day he was murdered, and has been seen 
to wear them in gaol. 


. In 1660, Christopher Jay and John Man, justices of the 


peace, went and examined him as to how he came by the 
things belonging to the late King, when he confessed that 
he was upon the scaffold and saw the King ripped up, and 


4,26 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. 
had his heart im his hand, but that he bought the things of 
the surgeon. Being charged with being the wretch that gave 
the fatal stroke, he denied it, but said Wildman was the 
man. It is therefore verily thought, that if Blancher was 
not the man that gave the dismal stroke, he was yet one of 
the rogues that was with a vizor and a frock upon the 
scaffold. 

5. Soon after this examination, he again broke from gaol, 
and was gone some time, but was retaken in London, and 
brought back. 

6. He broke gaol and made his escape the third time, and was 
again apprehended for misdemeanours against some justices 
of peace in Suffolk, and being indicted for his escapes, and 
convicted at the sessions held at Norwich in 1667, judgment 
of death was pronounced against him. 

7. He also stands convicted of perjury, and subornation of 
perjury, and many other misdemeanours not fitting to be 
named.—Norwich, 1668. [14 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 
263, No. TOIL] 


Information of Capt. Edw. Quick, that Edw. Tensh, sen., by 
his own relation, was wpon the scaffold the day the King 
was murdered, and that he produced 4 staples in the Globe 
Tavern at Howndsditch, which he said were to have been 
knocked into the rails, for cords to manacle the King’s hands 
and feet, so as to draw him down, if he had not yielded to 
lay down his head to the block quietly. Also information 
of Ann Kensall that she was in the house of Edw. Tensh 
the elder when he came from the murder, and saw him 
produce the staples that were to have been used to force his 
Majesty down to the block, in case he had not submitted ; 
and that wpon asking Tensh what his Majesty said, he 
made answer that he thought the King took no notice of 
them; he further said that Colonel Cobbit’s heart failing 
him to deliver up the King to the executioner, Tensh took 
upon himself to deliver him up instead, and that she also 
sau: some of the mourning, and the King’s collar and shirt 
with the blood upon it, which collar Tensh sold for 4l. or 5l. 
[Copy. Ibid. No. 701v.] 

July 25. Rich. Watts to Williamson. The Leopard and another have 
Deal. arrived from the Straits, and report as if the Grand Seignior was 
called in question for the loss of so many men against Candia. 
The Loyal Bartlett has also come in from Virginia. There is now 
more news at home than abroad, by reason of the great discontent 
of the separated party, especially the Presbyterians, who are much 

troubled at the late proclamation. [Jbid. No. 71.] 


July 25. Commission to Thos. Peyton to be ensign to Capt. Rob. Walters. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 20, p. 200.] 


July 25. John Garratt, boatswain, to the Navy Commissioners. The 
ne nk ial hulk requires repairing and calking, having been in Catwater 
mout 4 years, and not had any carpenter’s work done to her, except on a 


1669. 


July 25. 
Portsmouth 
Dockyard, 


July 25. 


Portsmouth. 


July 25. 
Whitehall. 


July 25. 
The Roebuck, 
Downs. 


July 25. 


July 26. 


July 26. 
Monmouth 
yacht, 
Minehead. 
July 26. 
Chatham Dock. 


July 26, 


CHARLES II. 427 


very great storm, having had 3 ships on board of her at that time, 
which broke her upper works and timber heads. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 263, No. 72.) 

Abra. Ansley to the Navy Commissioners. The Centurion and 
others arrived, the former leaving an anchor and cable in the 
Downs. The Golden Hand cannot proceed without repairs, and 
will be ordered into harbour. I send an account of stores come in 
the hoy for Sir Thos. Allin, which I have ordered on board the 
Centurion and Dartmouth, the Golden Hand not being able to 
take them in. [Jbid. No. 73.] 

Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. The Golden 
Hand has arrived at Spithead, and the commander, thinking it 
utterly unsafe to proceed until she is mended, has run her into the 
harbour. We hope to be pardoned for repairing her without orders, 
as the whole fleet will want if she miscarries, and what is wanted 
will be done before any order can arrive. [Zbid. No. 74.] 


M. Wren to Pepys. The Leopard has arrived in the Downs, 
and orders are sent her to make all possible haste to Chatham. Take 
care that all is ready for paying her off, she having already put 
the King to more charges than is fitting. [Zbid. No. 75.] 

Capt. George Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. The Cen- 
turton and several merchantmen in the Downs went out, and were 
forced by the very blowing weather to leave anchors and cables 
behind them; my own bower cable has been broken. I send a 
demand for stores, and my boatswain will tell you our wants. The 
Leopard is here, having but 4 days’ provisions aboard. I have 
ordered the victualler at Dover to issue 14 days’ more for her 170 
men. [Jbid. No. 76.] 


Narrative by Ant. Stephens, touching several parcels of tickets 
suspected to have been paid by Mr. Fenn, before and after the Earl 
of Anglesey’s suspension, amounting to 18,000/. or 19,0007. [Ibid, 
No] 

Memorandum of books, abstracts, and accounts demanded by 
Sir Jer. Smith of Sir Wm. Penn. [Zbid. No. 78.] 


Capt. W. Faseby to the Navy Commissioners. Pray order me 
a suit of sails, my old ones having been at the yards two years, 
and I having no spare ones. [Zbid. No. 79.] 


Ph. Pett to the Navy Commissioners. I cannot give any 
account of the timber Mr. Lawrence is ordered to view, the per- 
sons concerned being from home. Several large pieces of timber 
contracted for with Mr. Mason are yet remaining in the country, and 
cannot be brought to the waterside till converted and made fit for 
land carriage, which is to be done at his Majesty’s charge, and by 
whom you may appoint. Let it be done, as the timber is wanted 
for the new ship, and let the provisions and warrants for entering 
and pressing men formerly demanded be supplied. [2 pages. 
Ibid. No. 80.] 


Warrant to Sir John Howell, Recorder, and the Sheriffs of London, 
to release John Durnell, sentenced at the Old Bailey sessions to 


428 


1669. 


July 26. 


July 26. 
Whitehall. 


July 26. 
Whitehall, 


July 26. 


July 26. 


Pendeunis. 


July 26. 


Portsmouth. 


July 26. 


Yarmouth. 


July 26. 
Aug. 5. 
Breda. 


July 27. 


Brooke House. 


July 27. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


transportation, John Turner, on whose evidence he was convicted, 
having declared on his deathbed that he swore falsely ; Durnell is 
to give sufficient security for his good behaviour, and to be inserted 
in the next pardon for poor convicts at Newgate, but left out in 
the proviso for transportation. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 28, f. 27.] 

Pass for 10 horses to Alderman Backwell. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 162.] 

Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of 
Sam. Mearne, for payment of 1,104/. 6s. Od. due to him out of the 
Great Wardrobe. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 55.] 

Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of 
Nath. Booth, for abatement of 280/. 18s. 7d., expended by him as 
receiver-general of the Additional Royal Aid in the city and county 
of Chester, for collecting the same. [Jbid.] 


Jos. Wood, mayor, and 21 other aldermen and burgesses of Sud- 
bury, Suffolk, to the King. Having chosen John Catesby, gentleman, 
to the office of town clerk and clerk of the peace, and conformed to 
the statute of 13 Chas. II. for regulating corporations, we crave 
your Majesty’s approbation of our choice. [22 signatures. SP. 
Dom., Car. II. 263, No. 81.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. A ship from Norway has arrived 
with masts for Liverpool, and one or two Frenchmen with glass. 
Sir Thos. Allin’s fleet passed in sight of this place. [Jbid. No. 82.] 

Charles Collier, for Hugh Salesbury, to Williamson. The 
Centurion and 3 others are riding at Spithead. The Golden Hand 
storeship, being found leaky, is coming in to be repaired, when she 
will follow after the fleet, with the ships before mentioned. [Jbid. 
No. 83.] 


[Ann Bower] to Williamson. Arrival of ships. About 140 light 
vessels are riding in the roads, bound for Newcastle. Some vessels 
from Iceland “with full voyages of fish,” report the loss of 2 Yar- 
mouth vessels there; also that another was set upon by a ship of 
Denmark, which pretended to have the Danish King’s commission, 
and took away several goods, but was captured by one of the King’s 
ships, acting as convoy to the Iceland vessels. We are in no fear of 
further danger by the plague, all continuing well in the house shut 
up, and on board the vessel. [Zbid. No. 84.] 


Dr. Wm. Allestree to Rob. Francis. As Sir John Coventry will 
attend you from here with all the news, you are not to expect any 
from me. [Zbid. No. 85.] 


Lodowick Lloyd to [Williamson]. The bearer, Capt. Rob. Everard 
is the person for whom you promised assistance in getting such a 
reference, on his petition to Lord Arlington, as should procure him 
his salary and disbursements, due for services at the port of Dover. 
The captain has been summoned before our Commissioners at 
Brooke House, and gave great proof of his fidelity in his employ- 
ment. There is also some money due to me. [Ibid. No. 86.] 


Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. I attended 
Sir Jeremy Smith in the examination of accounts concerning the 


1669. 


July 27. 


‘July 27. 


Portsmouth. 


July 27. 


Portsmouth. 


July 27. 
Chatham. 


July 27. 


July 28. 


July 28. 


July 28. 


July 28. 
Pembroke. 


July 28. 
July 28. 


CHARLES II. 429 


victualling, and he has spent several days therein. Pray appoint a 

day for perfecting them; as many have passed the examination of 

[Wm.] Burroughs, I pray that he may attend with his books and 

papers relating to them, for greater despatch, in order that I may 

a me n to the expense of more time. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 263, 
0. 87. 


M. Wren to Pepys. The Katherine yacht having returned from 
sea, and there being likely to be sudden occasion for her again, I 
desire you will move the Board to give order for her repair. [JZbid. 
No. 88.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. I can neither 
guess at the person, nor the intention, of those who informed you of 
my misemploying stores and men ; particulars of their appropriation. 
Had I not stayed for deals, the Fairfax and Advice would have 
been ready to launch; if I had not had so many ships to repair, I 
should have employed the men on the new ship. The Golden Hand 
has come in, and must have a new rudder, which shall receive all 
despatch. Particulars of timber, &c., required. Consult Commis- 
sioner Tippetts about removing the old hulk, as she drops away, 
and costs the King double her worth. [8 pages. Ibid. No. 89.] 


St. J. Steventon to the Navy Commissioners. I delivered the 
2 bundles of paper to Capt. Bowen of the Centwrion, who is here 
with the Dartmouth, Welcome, and Golden Hand, wanting repairs. 
Shall they be put into petty: warrant until their departure? [Zbid. 
No. 90.] 


Dan. Bowtwell to [Pepys]. I send the names of 10 calkers 
pressed and commanded down to the works here, who made no 
appearance. [Jbid. No. 91.] 


Renewed warrant to Rob. Jacques, high sheriff of Kent, to 
forbear execution of sentence on John Sharpe, convicted at the 
assizes for Kent of the murder of George Whitfield. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 162.} 


Warrant for the Loves Increase of Hull, and the Charity of Hull 
to be made free for the Norway trade. Minute. [Zbid. f. 160.] 


Grant to Jonas Moore of the office of Surveyor of Ordnance, in 
the room of Fras. Nicholls, deceased ; fee, 2s. a day. Minute. [Jbid. 
f. 162.] 


Commissions for Thos. Preston to be ensign to Sir Walter Vane, 
and Rich. Ball ensign to Capt. Manley. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 20, p. 200.] 


John Powell to Williamson. There have 16 colliers arrived for 
coals. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 263, No. 92.] 
Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 93.] 


[Lieut.-Col.] Rich. Wigmore to [Williamson]. I send the names 
of 8 persons who were to have a share with us patentees in the 
Trish lottery; there are 2 others not yet named. If more are 


430 


1669. 


July [28]. 


July 28. 


Falmouth. 


July 28. 


Coventry. 


July 28. 
Hull. 


July 28. 


July 29. 


[July 29.] 


July 29. 
July 29. 


Dover. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


recommended, we shall be in a worse condition than we expected ; 
I beg you will prevent it, as both you and Lord Arlington promised 
to do. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 263, No. 94.] 


Note that the patentees are satisfied to admit the said persons to 
a half or a third of a whole share, but they crave that no more may 
be admitted. [Zbid. No. 95.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. Sir Thos. Allin’s fleet passed the 
harbour; the Welcome has arrived, bound for Ireland, and the 
Fortune, laden with deals for Bristol, has left with a pilot. [Zbid. 
No. 96.] 


Ralph Hope to [Williamson]. The assizes were held at Warwick 
and Coventry last week, when several Nonconformists, amongst 
whom was Dr. Wild, were indicted for keeping conventicles. The 
proclamation proclaimed on Friday has little effect upon the refrac- 
tory conventiclers ; though they forbore to go in their usual public 
manner to Leather Hall, yet they held several large meetings in 
other places in town, and seemed to deride the proclamation. Some 
petty robberies have been committed, and Rich. Bourke—pretending 
to be of the Guards, and in Sir Philip Howard’s house, and going 
for Ireland, where he has a family——was seized and committed to 
prison, upon suspicion of being a highwayman, and concerned in a 
plot to rob Capt. [Rob.] Manley, Lieut.-Governor of Jersey, with his 
lady and a gentleman, who were ina coach on their way from 
London, and for being connected with 2 other highwaymen, named 
[John] Castles and [Humble] Ashenhurst. Particulars of the 
attempt, &c. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 97.] 


Chas. Whittington to Williamson. Some few cases have been 
tried by Baron Turner, and a soldier, condemned for murdering his 
comrade, has been since executed. A Swede has sailed for Stock- 
holm, laden with cloth, &c., and several vessels have come in. I 
hear from Bridlington that 200 sail of light colliers passed by to 
the northward, and that another laden with coals, from Flamborough 
Head, foundered in the sea, but the men escaped. [Zbid. No. 98.] 


Reference to the Lord Keeper of the petition of Ant. Weeks, 
brother and executor of the late Thos. Weeks, for a commission of 
review, to determine some points in difference in the administration 
of his will. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 56.] 


Reference to the Bishop of Oxford of the petition of Sir Thos. 
Penniston, for the perpetual advowson of Cornwell rectory, 
co. Oxon. [Lbid. p. 55.] 


Warrant for a grant to James Butler of Lincoln’s Inn, in reversion 
after Henry Wynn of the Inner Temple, of the office of steward of 
the Court of Westminster Palace, and of the Court of the Marshal- 
sea of the Household. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 263, No. 99.] 


Minute of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 163.] 


Jo. Carlile to Williamson. I hear by two gentlemen from Calais 
that the Turks were beaten before Candia, and that the Christians 
were in pursuit of them, hoping to drive them out of that country. 


1669. 


July 29. 


Chatham. 


July 29. 
Woolwich. 


CHARLES II. 431 


I hope to get you a correspondent at Calais. Pray put Lord 
Arlington in mind of my having paid Mr. Desborough’s debt, and of 
the money disbursed for the scout boat. I think I shall never get 
my own salary out of Mr. Blaney’s hands, without petitioning 
his Majesty and the Commissioners at Brooke House; as my 
accounts have been allowed by the Commissioners for Prizes, and I 
have cleared all objections long since, I beg your influence in ob- 
taining its restoration from Blaney. [S.P. Dom. Car. II. 263, 
No. 100.] 


Edw. Gregory to the Navy Commissioners. The Leopard having 
arrived at Chatham, I mustered her company, and the purser says 
the books will be ready to-morrow. I ask leave of absence, the 
Governors of the Chest being obliged, by the bad payments of 
several of their tenants, to employ me to put them in mind of their 
neglect. [Jbid. No. 101.] 


Capt. W. Hannam and John Rudd to the Navy Commissioners. 
We have used some chests of powder, which have taken good effect 
upon wrecks named. The north shore is almost cleared, there 


` being only part of a pink remaining, which we hope to remove next 


July 29. 


Portsmouth. 


July 29. 


Portsmouth. 


July 29. 
Chatham. 


July 30. 
Victualling 
Office. 


spring tide. We entreat a supply of money. [Jbid. No. 102.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane and Abr. Ansley to the Navy Commissioners’ 
The commander and officers of the Golden Hand declare that the 
ship was calked all over 3 months ago, since which time they have 
had exceeding hot weather, which is the cause of the shrinking of 
the upper works, and this could not be repaired without further 
order. We hope to have her finished by to-morrow. [13 pages. 
Ibid. No. 103.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. You have 
an account of the Golden Hand from Capts. Deane and Ansley. By 
the commander and master calker’s discourse, it appears the ship 
was too much neglected at Chatham ; I have given order for taking 
out her guns, &c., and for her to be brought on shore to be made 
firm. The Centurion and Dartmouth having spent a fortnight of 
their sea victuals, I ordered the victualler to get a further supply 
ready, and desire to know whether it shall be put on board. [Zbid. 
No. 104. | 


Capt. Charles O’Bryen, of the Leopard, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. Having brought the remains of the King’s provisions from 
Leghorn, they refused to receive them at Tangier, and I have a 
certificate from the Governor, who obliged me to bring them to 
England ; I have them in the ship. I spent one week of the provisions 
for my own use, but was not able to spend more, by reason of the 
want of weight when boiled, one piece of 4 pounds when raw not 
weighing one pound when boiled; and although I gave them 
double allowance, it caused great grumbling, and almost a mutiny. 
[11 pages. Ibid. No. 105.] 


Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. I am charged in 
the imprest roll brought in last Lent vacation with 26,7012., and 
in the one brought in July 1669, with 58,6011. 2s.; for all which 


432 


1669. 


July 30. 
Plymouth. 


July 30. 
July 30. 


July 31. 


July 31. 
Chester. 


July 31. 
Bath. 


July 31. 


Pembroke. 


July 31. 
July 31. 


Carisbrooke 
Castle, 


July 31. 


July 31. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


issue will go out against me, unless my account, now before you, is 
produced. I pray you will inform Lord Ashley that my accounts 
are depending before you, and near conclusion, so as to prevent the 
trouble and charge that will otherwise fall upon me, by reason of 
my accounts not being carried in to the auditors. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 263, No. 106.] 


John Clarke to Williamson. I enclose Mr. Holden’s letter; a 
ship has sailed for New England, and the Providence has arrived 
from Jamaica. [Jbid. No. 107.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 108.] 


Licence to George, Lord Berkeley, of Berkeley Castle, with his 
lady and servants, 9 horses, and 407. in money, to go to France. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 115.] 


Warrant to the justices of the sessions at the Old Bailey, to 
respite the estreating the recognizances of Thos. Bennet, indicted 
in December 1668, for the death of Thos. Janes, but acquitted on 
bond for his good behaviour during a year; as he is going into 
Ireland with Lord Robartes, appointed Lord Lieutenant, he cannot 
return to appear in December. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, 
f. 162.] 


Ma. Anderton to Rob. Francis. I am much indebted for the 
weekly intelligence. Dean Lingard, Sir George Carteret, Sir Wm. 
Davies, and Mr. Seagrave, with their attendants, have gone for 
Dublin, in the pleasure boat commanded by Capt. James Sharland. 
The Muscovite of Amsterdam, laden with lead, has sailed for 
Nantes; and the Prudent Mary, also laden with lead, is ready to 
sail for Leghorn. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 263, No. 109.] 


Sir G. Talbot to Williamson, his “dear brother of the Bow.” 
I arrived at Bath on Thursday, and find the town exceeding empty, 
and no person of note there except it be Sir P. Neile’s shrimp, 
who has bound himself apprentice to a mountebank, and intends to 
put down M. Longueville. I use the bath daily, and shall stay 
till Friday. [Jbid. No. 110.] 


John Powell to Williamson. The Robert of Bristol has arrived 
from the Barbadoes, with sugar, cotton, &c., with the report that 
St. Christopher is not yet delivered. [/bid. No. 111.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 112.] 


Sir Rob, Holmes to Williamson. Since my arrival, I have re- 
ceived only one letter from your man; I was in hopes you had 
ordered him to write me every post, but “out of sight out of mind.” 


I thank you for leaving your coach at my disposal. There is no 
news. [Zbid. No. 113.] 


Names of 12 calkers who deserted from Deptford Yard, with note 
of the proceedings taken thereon. [Jbid. No. 114.] 


Edw. Silvester to the Navy Commissioners. Capt. Ansley, the 
master attendant, conceives that 150 fathoms is a fit proportion for 


1669. 


July. 


July. 


Court at 


Whitehail. 


July ? 


July. 


July. 


[July.] 


July. 
July. 


Whitehall. 


July. 


79380. 


CHARLES II. 433 


the length of the chain at Portsmouth, and as it lies wasting upon 
my hands, I will undertake to finish it for 400/., which is under 
what I before demanded. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 263, No. 115.] 


Order granting the petition of Hugh Jones, deputy Vice-Admiral 
for Cornwall, that informations brought against him and others, in 
his Majesty’s name, may be stopped from proceeding to trial at the 
next assizes in Cornwall. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 38, p. 53.] 


Petition of Thos. Povey and John Prichard to the King, for the 
grant of a patent for an engine for raising water, it being an inven- 
tion and improvement never yet produced in any of his Majesty’s 
dominions, nor in any other parts, from which infinite advantage may 
arise in draining of mines and grounds, and other considerable 
services. With reference thereon to the Attorney-General. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. TI. 263, No. 116.] 


Petition of Henry Thomas to the King, for relief from the privy 
purse, being hopeless of anything from the Exchequer; his pension 
is 701. in arrears; is in debt and has not a penny to buy bread. 
[Jbid. No. 1164.) Annexing, 


Certificate by Sir Rob. Long, auditor of the Eachequer, that 
70L. is due to Henry Thomas for 1% years arrears of his 
pension, to Midsummer 1669.—2 July 1669. [Ibid. 
No. 116A 1L] 


Grant to Eustace Burneby, on his petition, of the sole privilege for 
14 years of preparing rice and safflower, on rent of 13s. 4d. a 
year. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 62.] 


Warrant to pay to Sir Fras. Vincent, Bart., 2,0007. from casual 
fines and profits in the Duchy of Cornwall, in lieu of a pension of 
182/., formerly granted him. [Lbid. No. 63.] 


Order for a warrant to pay to Thos. Warren, merchant of London, 


1,5002., balance of 5,500/. disbursed in his agency tv the Emperor of 


Morocco, and to allow to the Farmers of Customs defalcation for 
interest at 6 per cent. on the said money advanced by them. 
[2 pages. K.P. Dom., Car. II. 263, No. 117.] 


Docquet of the above. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 64.] 


Warrant for a grant to King Charles’ Hospital, St. Margaret’s, 
Westminster, founded by the late King to bring up fatherless 
children, of 501. a year, which is half of the 100/. usually given by 
the King to the poor of Westminster, the revenue of the hospital 
being only 1007. a year, and half of it lost by the:late dreadful fire 
in London. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 263, No. 118.] 


Warrant for a grant to Edw. Progers, groom of the bedchamber, of 
the arrears due to the Crown by Thos. Progers, late receiver of hearth 
EE 


434 


1669. 


July. 
July. 


July. 


July. 


July. 


July. 


July. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


money for Surrey, he having received 2,0271. 14s. 9d., and only paid 
2191. 19s. 8d.; granted to Progers towards remuneration of 4,0001. 
expended by him for building a lodge at Middle Park, Hampton 
Court, with full powers for recovery of the same. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 30, f. 155.] 


Docquet of the above. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 65.] 


Warrant to pay to Sir Rob. Vyner 9,4002., the remainder of 25,0001. 
paid by him and the late Sir Thos. Vyner to Sir George Carteret 
for the Navy, and assigned on the hearth money, but not paid 
because that revenue was assigned to the city of London. [Zbid.] 


Dispensation to Thos. Willis, M.A., chaplain in ordinary, for his 
residence at Dinton, alias Dunton, co. Bucks, of which he is minister, 
as long as he serves the vicarage of Kingston-upon-Thames. [Jbid. 
No. 68.] 


Warrant to the Treasury Commissioners to pay 10,0007. to 
such persons, and for such services, as the King shall direct by sign 
manual. [Lbid, No. 69.] 


Grant to John, Lord Vaughan, son and heir of the Earl of Carberry, 
of the profits of the original seal of South Wales, and of the pre- 
fines there for 23 years, from 15 Feb. 1677; also of the post fines, 
&c., for 20 years, from 26 March 1680; reserving the rents, 601. 4s. 


and 741. [Lbid. No. 70.] 


Constitution of Thomas, Lord Richardson, and Fabian Philipps, 
as receivers of all relief due to the King from all manors, &c., held 
in soccage before taking away the Court of Wards, or by change 
of tenure, due on the death of a peer, &c.; also as receivers of all 
heriots, except those on manors in the King’s possession, for 
21 years, with allowances to be settled by the Treasury. [Jbid. 
No. 71.] 


Major Henry Nicoll to the Navy Commissioners. I understand 
you have taken out a writ, and employed bailiffs to arrest me; but 
you had no need to proceed that way, for upon notice I would have 
answered the action, and I have an estate sufficient to make 
satisfaction. My chief business being to clear myself from all your 
demands, I shall not stir until I have put a period to all engage- 
ments with the Navy Office. 

I presume the Surveyor-General and Sir John Mennes, who 
were at Chatham during my transaction of weighing the ships, 
will give evidence of my industry and faithfulness, and I know his 
Majesty will not punish me because unsuccessful, when no means 
were omitted ; also I have a petition before him, that he may be truly 
informed thereon. I received but 3007. from the Navy Office, and 
would have been contented to pay 1,0007. not to have come near it, 
as through some accidents, his Majesty’s intention of doing me a 
kindness has turned so much to my prejudice. I want the name 


1669. 


July. 


July. 
Roe Kitchen, 
Uolehaven. 


July. 


July. 


[July.] 


CHARLES II. 435 


of your attorney, that I may give in my appearance. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 263, No. 119.] 


Proposals by Richard Boys, to clear the river at Woolwich of 
sunken ships within 12 months for 4,0001., to be paid by instalments 
as specified, viz., 750/. on removal of the first two ships, 7500. on the 
third, and 2,500/. when he has removed the Phenix, and cleared 
the river. With request of payment of 370/., and 36l. 3s. 9d., 
bills due to him for repairs of ships and for white oakum. [Jbid. 
No. 120.] 


Jacob Baker, master, to the Navy Commissioners. I desire to 
be victualled for a month, only having 12 days’ provisions aboard. 
[Zbid. No. 121.] 


Sam. Thorney to the King. In pursuance of your Majesty’s 
commands to me of the dedication of my work, the Mariners’ 
Magazine, I have at much cost and peril endeavoured to discover 
the great concavity in the earth, 4 miles from King Road, 
Gloucestershire, where the great ships ride, and I find that what 
has been reported about it is fabulous. 

I descended with a mine-man into the cavity 7 fathoms, and 
found the opening, and we went down by ropes 25 fathoms, and 
came to a river, or stagnant lake, 20 fathoms broad and 8 deep ; 
then we found another concavity, and the miner descended and 
called out that he had found what he looked for, a rich mine, but 
his joy was soon changed to amazement, and he returned terrified, 
declaring that he had seen an evil spirit, and he will go thither no 
more. 

“The flooring is of white stone, enamelled with lead ore, and the 
pendent rocks seemed to be glazed with saltpeter, which distilled 
upon them from above, which time had petrified.” After some 
hours’ stay, we ascended without much hurt, but I had an unusual 
and violent headache 4 days after my return, which I impute to my 
being in that vault. [24 pages. Ibid. No. i22.] 


Account by Sir Chas. Bickerstaffe, one of the clerks of the Privy 
Seal, of all fees and moneys received by him for Lord Robartes, 
Lord Privy Seal, from July 1664 to July 1669, being from the time 
that Mr. Mathews was admitted clerk of the Privy Seal, to the time 
when the seal was committed to the present Commissioners ; total, 
1971. 14s. 8d., whereof each of the 4 clerks is to pay 49l. 8s. 8d. 
[Lbid. No. 123.] 


Table of the stages appointed by the Postmaster-General for 
conveyance of letters, according to the King’s proclamation, issued 
to enforce the Act for establishing a letter office, the same being 
daily infringed upon by common carriers of goods. 

Noted that “ This being the first essay in this matter, the practice 
thereof may perhaps require some amendments and alterations here- 
after.” [Large sheet, printed. Ibid. No.124. See London Gazette, 
Aug.9.| 


ER 2 


436 


1669. 
July. 
Deal. 


Aug. 1. 


Portsmouth. 


Aug. 1. 


Portsmouth. 


Aug. 2. 


Aug. 2. 
Chatham 
Dock. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Lists sent by Morgan Lodge to Williamson, óf King’s and mer- 
chant ships in the Downs, the state of the wind, time of the 
arrival and departure of mails, &. :— 


Vol. More y CARDA ee A 
263. Date. |King’s.| chant. Wind. REMARKS. 
No. Arrival. Dera 
125 |July 1 3 2 S. — 7 
e a a 3 S.W. = 4 
127 A oC) 3 9 S. — — 
128 a 2 5 S. — 5 
1295| ese S70 21 10 S. = ae 
130-15, 9 l 5 S. = = 
ihe ee om limite S. =. a 
kal ciol w iom a ue ee 
133) Scart at 14 S.W. EA s 
iaaea 4 9 S.W. 5 g 
eal ee n e S.W. Zee 
1364] a TS RANE EG 
18718 SS WES Wee Ee ua 
138 | af 198s E T EN a e =) 
139 | ,, 20 3 15 N.E. = = The fleet has all set sail. 
140, \ e221 lo ace N.E. = = 
Tes bal EES ceed Ale N.E. gi z 
i42 |, 23 AYS, S.E. _ = 
143 re 20 2 5 N.W. — = 
a EA alae 5 N.W. z = 
145 | ,, 27 1 5 N.W. = m 
Tae I 20s pak ee n io E7 
wa S680, | EN E Ne ny Nile =, 
KA SG ea W. = ca 


Chas. Collier, for Hugh Salesbury, to Williamson. The Golden 
Hand, and the rest of the fleet for the Straits, have gone out to join 
Sir Thos. Allin. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 263, No. 149.} 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. We have 
despatched the works on the Golden Hand which, with the 
Centurion, Dartmouth, and Welcome, is sailing from Spithead. We 
want a warrant to press 8 or 10 joiners; also double the number 
of calkers to be sent from London for two months’ work. [Jbid. 
No. 150.] 


Capt. J. Cox and 3 others to the Navy Commissioners. The 
Royal James, in Woolwich Dock, may be worth 2007., if the pur- 
chaser may take down her larboard side equal with the starboard, 
before she is launched. [Jbid. No. 151.] 


Ph. Pett to the Navy Commissioners. Mr. Lewsley has 6,000 
broom at 50s. a thousand. Mr, Lawrence will convert Mr. Mason’s 
uncarriageable timber, but wants money speedily for execution. 
We have received the tree-nails from Deptford, but the greater 
part are too small, and we shall be at a stand without a further 
supply. I will execute the warrant for pressing 20 shipwrights, 
but am ata loss for house carpenters and bricklayers, to go on with 
the repairs of the wharves and docks; pray hasten down a warrant 
to press some of them. I want timber and plank, so that the deck 


1669. 


Aug. 2. 
Chatham 
Dock. 


Aug. 2, 


Aug. 2. 
Whitehall. 


Aug. 2. 


Pendennis. 


Aug. 2. 
Falmouth, 


CHARLES IL ‘ 437 


of the new ship may be laid and calked before the winter. [2 pages. 
S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 268, No. 152.] 


Ph. Pett to the Navy Commissioners. I beg leave of absence for 
a fortnight through ill-health, being advised by my physician to 
drink the Epsom waters. I shall order Mr. Lawrence to give con- 
stant attendance, that the service may not suffer. [Zbid. No. 153.] 


The King to the Attorney-General. On 12 July we granted a 
lease of the hearth money, duties on licences for retailing wine and 
strong waters, quit rents, and all other rents in Ireland,—customs 
and excise excepted,—to John Forth, alderman and sheriff of London, 
8 other gentlemen of London and 2 of Dublin, for 7 years, on rent 
of 91,5002.; also the customs on goods imported,—except bullion, 
alum, and malt, &c.—and the 5s. per ton on French shipping, for 
6 years, on rent of 75,000/.; also the excise on beer, ale, and strong 
waters from March 1671, for 43 years, rent 53,000/. a-year; total, 
219,500}. As the said lessees have advanced 70,000/., and have 
relinquished their claim to all quit rents granted away before 
Michaelmas, the sums of 6,252/., 11,3781., 14,7731. and 15,0001. 
yearly are to be deducted from their respective rents. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, ff. 159, 160.] 

Caveat in favour of the Commissioners of the Ordnance, that 
nothing pass of the hand-cun maker’s place in the Tower. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 82, p. 5.] 


Caveat in favour of Mr. Griffin, [page] of the King’s backstairs, 
that no reversion pass of the customer’s place at Cardiff after Rich. 
Gwine. Minute. [Jbid. p. 6.] 

Caveat in favour of Sir Edw. Windham and Col. Rob. Phillips, 
that nothing pass of the estate of Christopher Self and 5 others. 
Minute. [Zbid.] 

Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 263, No. 154.] 


Petition of Albertus Otto Faber, prisoner in Oxford, to Lord 
Arlington, for execution of the order of Privy Council that he should 
be put into the hands of a messenger, and brought to his lordship 
[see 7 May 1669]; on a former petition thereon, he was ordered to 
remain till the sessions were over; he presented himself before court 
every day during the sessions, but no person appeared against him. 
[Lbid. No, 154a.] 

Order in Council—on petition of Albert Otto Faber, prisoner in 
Oxford Castle, for release, as nothing was charged against him last 
assizes, and he has been in prison almost 3 years—renewing the 
order of 7 May, that he be sent for to London, where Lord Arlington 
will give orders for sending him on shipboard, to be transported 
out of the kingdom. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 259, No. 202.] 

Fras. Bellott to Williamson. The easterly winds have caused 
several ships to come in from places named, and three are loading 
pilchards for the Straits, The keich that waits on the East India 
Company’s ships has gone out. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 263, No. 155.] 

Thos. Holden to Hickes. The Industry and Unity have arrived 
from Bordeaux, with wine and vinegar, and report that there are 


438 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. 
no Turkish men-of-war upon that coast. The Ann, and several 
others, laden with salt, have also comé in, which will much reduce 
the price; it is now only worth 31s. the bushel of 26 gallons. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 263, No. 156.] 


Aug. 2. Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. The Guestling and Brotherhood 
Deal. for the Cinque Ports held a meeting at New Rumney in Kent; 
it is as it were the Ports’ parliament, as they have an upper 
and lower house, a speaker, and other formalities the same as at 
Westminster. Several mayors were clapped into prison and fined, 
as also some jurats and others, and amongst the rest, the Mayor and 
3 jurats of Sandwich, for not executing a former order. Some 
good laws were passed ; no writs from any court in England, except 
the Exchequer, are to be of force in the Cinque Ports. [Jbzd. 

No. 157.] 


Aug. 2. Ralph Hope to Williamson. [Rich.] Bourke, who was imprisoned 

Coventry. on the accusation of Capt. Manly of being a highwayman, has been 
discharged, Manly having recanted, and several letters having been 
received from London certifying as to Bourke’s character. The 
meetings have increased since the proclamation, and one held at 
Leather Hall was as full as has ever been known, one Eccleshall 
being the speaker. There has been such a swarm of flies, that 
the streets have been covered, and the sky darkened, which is 
looked at by the superstitious as ominous. Yesterday being Lammas 
Day, the Chamberlain and others, with a company of 600 or 700 
horse, rode the bounds of the common grounds, according to ancient 
custom, which are then thrown open till Candlemas, and afterwards 
they gave a feast to all who were present. [Zbid. No. 158.] 


Aug. 2, Leonard Bower to Williamson. A west country boat laden with 

Yarmouth. coals, striving to keep the shore, struck and was lost, but the men 
were saved; 200 light colliers have passed north. A ship has 
arrived from Rotterdam. Pray deliver the enclosed to my father. 
[Lbid. No. 159.] 

Aug. 2. Capt. R. Manley to his cousin Rob. Francis. I have got well into 

Wrexham. the country, though not without an encounter, and narrowly escaped 
being robbed by the highwaymen [Johr] Cassells and [Humble] Ashen- 
hurst, having eluded them by securing the trepanner in Coventry. 
“ Our governor's letter to Lord Arlington has followed me here, so 
I return it.” My brother Manley is here with me, and I am almost 
drowned with drinking your health ; I shall make more haste than 
I designed, to save my life, “for I am vanquished with kindness.” 
Do not omit writing, as you promised, to me and Dr. Fiott. [Zbid. 
No. 160.] 


Aug. 3. John Clarke to Hickes. Arrival of ships from Norway, &c., with 
Plymouth. deals. [Zbid. No. 161.] 


Aug, 52. Sir Jonathan Atkins to Williamson. It is said here that swords 
Castle Cornet. are being changed into sickles. The French have sent 6 ships into 
the Mediterranean ; M. Beaufort has arrived at Candia, and on his 
way, took 3 Turks laden with provisions for that island. He has 
put into a port called Scandia, and waits the arrival of the gallies, 

when we may expect news. [Jbid. No. 1614.] 


Aug. 3. 
Woolwich. 


Aug. 4. 
Woolwich. 


Aug. 4. 


4 
Aug. tr 


Lisbon. 


CHARLES IT. 439 


Warrant to pay from the excise 80/. a year to John Howland, 
late registrar of excise, and 60/. to John Champante, late correspon- 
dent and clerk of the bonds to the Excise Commissioners. [Doc- 
quet, Vol. 24, No. 72.] 


The King to the Master and Fellows of Corpus Christi College, 
Cambridge. We lately wrote letters for restoration of Dan. Scar- 
gill, B.A., to the University, and to his Fellowship in your college, 
on his recantation, which he has performed in a very solemn and 
ample manner; but you have not restored him to his Fellowship, 
on our letters, those of the Archbishop of Canterbury, and of your 
Chancellor, the Earl of Manchester. We require you to do so, any 
procedure of yours since his recantation to the contrary notwith- 
standing. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 27, f. 149.] 


Capt. W. Hannam and 3 other officers to the Navy Commissioners. 
We are satisfied that the removing of the frame of the new mast 
house, to be joined to the storehouse, will not prejudice the wharf, 
and that sheds may be built for boats,and for landing and shipping 
of ships’ stores. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 2638, No. 162.] 


Same tothe Same. Only the Katherine yacht has been lacquered 
here, and we know not her measure. There is no better sovereign 
cordial for the tightness and preservation of ships, barks, and 
boats, than pitch. We cannot censure as to the painting and gild- 
ing, having no experience in it. [Jbid. No. 163.] 


W. Burroughs to the Navy Commissioners. The list delivered to 
you by Sir Wm. Penn, on an order of the Commissioners of 
Accounts, was of all ships and vessels, whether the King’s own or 
hired, that had received or were chargeable with victuals, between 
Jan. 1665 and Dec. 1667. We have not the accounts of the 16 pre- 
ceding months, as Penn only entered upon the victualling in Jan. 
1666-7. Particulars of the loose manner in which the books left in 
the Navy Office have been made up; those imperfect relate to Sir 
Denis Gauden’s accounts. I am sorry I have no papers whereby 
to answer your commands, those by which the former lists were 
drawn being with Sir Jeremy Smith. With note that Sir Jeremy 
undertook to procure from the Victualling Office what was desired 
of Mr. Burroughs. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 164.] 


Thos. Maynard, Consul, to the Navy Commissioners. I hope Sir 
Rob. Southwell is in London before this time. The Jerusalem 
arrived 5 days since, and I have an order to-day from the Prince, 
to get the provisions ashore for the use of the fleet; this will take 
off all pretensions and scruples of our customers. I have hired a 
magazine for them at 117. a year, but shall not keep it so long. 
The bill of lading and invoice came not enclosed, as intended, but 
Capt. Willshire has a bill, which must govern me in giving an 
acquittance. I shall issue the stores according to orders, and give 
an account. 

The Foresight frigate, that brought Don Antonio de Souza, 
arrived here on the 10th, and sails to-morrow. Capt. Heyward met 


440 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. 
Sir Edw. Spragg the morning he came into this port, off the rock 
of Lisbon, with the Garland and a ketch in his company. Lord 
Howard is just come to my house, and leaves this evening ; he says 
Sir Thos. Allin was off the rock yesterday. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 
263, No. 165. } 


Aug. 4, Order of the Commissioners for taking Accounts, that Wm. War- 
Brooke House, dour, Clerk of the Pells, furnish an account of all moneys received 
ato bom ara paid at the Exchequer, on the Additional Supply and the Eleven 
Months’ Tax, according to a former order of 5 March last, or show 

cause why he does not do so. [Zbid. No. 166.] 


Aug. 4, Thos. Holden to Williamson. To the same effect as his letter to 

Falmouth. Hickes of the 2nd. The Industry has arrived from Bordeaux, 
with wine and some passengers from Provence in France, and reports 
that the French succours have arrived at Candia, made a sally 
upon the Turks, and caused them to remove their siege. The Con- 
clusion, of London, bound for Dublin, has come in, having my 
Lord Deputy’s coach and household goods.* [Zbid. No. 167.] 


Aug. 4. Thos. Holden to Hickes. To the same effect as part of the above. 
[Ibid. No. 168.] 


Aug. 4. John Powell to Williamson. Has no news of any kind. [Jbid. 
Pembroke. No. 169.] 


Aug. 4. Warrant for a grant to Thos. Morrice, for good service in 
advancing the revenue in Ireland, of the lease, for 21 years, 
of all lands which in 3 years he shall discover to belong to the 
Crown, amounting to 4,000/., reserving to the Crown one moiety of 
the benefit thereof, both in rents and fines; the grant to cease if 
there be any underhand dealing in composition with those to whom 

the said lands are let. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 163.] 


Aug. 5. Earl of Manchester to Lord Arlington. I am willing for Sam. 
Ball to have a mandamus for a foundation fellowship in Peter 
House, Cambridge. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 268, No. 170.] 


Aug. 4. The King to the Master and Fellows of St, Peter’s College, Cam- 

Court at bridge. We have received good testimony of Wm. Bourne, B.A., 

Whitehall. of your college; and wishing to encourage him, we request you to 
admit him to the next vacant Fellowship of the ancient founda- 
tion, before his time comes to be M.A., any local statute notwith- 
standing. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 27, f. 150.] 


Aug. 5, The King to the Master and Fellows of Emanuel College, 
Cambridge. As the learning and endowments of [Wm.] Maker- 
nesse, B.A., scholar of your college, render him worthy of a Fellow- 
ship, we require you to admit him thereto, dispensing with the 
statute that two persons of the same county shall not hold Fellow- 
ships at the same time, [Zbid.] 


Aug. 5, Sir John Mennes and Capt. John Cox to the Navy Commis- 
Chatham. sioners. We have examined the state of the yards, and find a 
great jealousy amongst them ; they surmise, by our paying the last 


* This is an error, for Lord Lieutenant (see p. 453 infra), the Earl of Ossory, Lord Deputy, was 
appointed in April, 1668 (see Calendar, 1667-68, p. 366), 


1669. 


Aug. 5. 
Navy Office. 


Aug. 
Aug, 6. 


CHARLES II. 441 


quarter, that it is the last they are likely to receive of their arrears, 
and that those arrears between the first and the last will become an 
old debt. They are so necessitated that they know not how to 
subsist ; as there is money sufficient, we advise payment of a month, 
which will satisfy the people, and ease his Majesty of the monthly 


charge of sending down clerks. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 263, 
No. 171.] 


Giles Bond, master of the Hope galliot, to [the Navy Commis- 
sioners]. The Hope is come from sounding of the sands, and is 
now at Deptford waiting orders. [Jbid. No. 172.] 


John Ruffhead to the Navy Commissioners. I request instruc- 
tions for making anchors for a new ship building at Chatham, as 
much time will be required to provide them. [Jbzd. No. 173.] 


Presentation of Thos. Cumber, M.A., to the rectory of Stone- 
grave, co. York. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 109.] 


Docquet of the above, dated 11 Aug. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 77.] 


Privy seal for payment of pensions to officers of the Excise who 
were dismissed on a change in the management in 1668; John 
Dugdale, Accountant-General, at a salary of 150/., is to have 75l. ; 
John Collins, receiver of accounts, salary 100/., 50/.; and Thos. 
Gay wood, registrar’s clerk’s assistant, salary 807., 401. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 263, No. 174.] 


Docquet of the above, dated 3 Aug. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 72.] 


Warrant for payment of 207. to Gideon Roger, for embellishing 
and writing two skins of parchment, for the Emperor of Morocco. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f.165.] Annexing, 


Request of Gideon Roger, embellisher, &c., to his Majesty, for 
allowunce for flourishing and writing on 2 skins of 
vellum, which were “curiously wrought im eratisco in high 
gold,’ and painting thereon the King’s portrait in oil, the 
same being designed for Lord Henry Howard’s embassy to 
the Emperor of Morocco.—27 June 1669. [Lbid. f. 161.] 


Warrant for discharge to Sir John Langham, Bart., of 1,0951., 
usually paid for the dignity of a baronet. [Jbid. p. 165.] 


Order to vacate a warrant to pay to Constance Pley and others 
the moneys due to them on their several assignments, amounting to 
9.9041. without account, and to issue one to require Sir G. Carteret 
or Sir Thos. Player to bring into the Exchequer one of the tallies 
for 15,0001. lodged by Carteret in the hands of Player, which was 
struck on the Royal Aid, to be cancelled, notifying the same to the 
Navy officers. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 75.] 


The King to the University of Cambridge. It having pleased 
God to restore the Duke of Albemarle, general of our forces, to 
health, after a long and dangerous distemper, through the skill of 
Wm. Sermon, “to whose cares we owe a health that must ever be 
so precious to us and to our people,” we wish you to grant the said 
Sermon the degree of M.D., exempting him from all exercises or 
payment of fees. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 26.] 


Aug. 7. 
Rye. 


Aug. 7. 
Plymouth. 


Aug. 7. 
Pembroke. 


Aug. 7. 


Aug. 7. 
Thisselwood. 


[Aug. 7.] 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Jone Snell to Rob. Francis. Pray send the enclosed to Mr. Snell, 
as the gentleman to whom I was to have given my letters is gone 
into the country. I fear I shall trouble you with one or two more. 
If any letters come to you for me, I shall be at Mr. Pleadal’s house, 
at [Ampney] Holyrood, near Chichester. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 264, 
No. 1.] 


Ja. Welsh to Williamson. I waited on you to acknowledge 
your favour in promoting my interest, with regard to the petition 
concerning the ports, to his Royal Highness, which he was pleased 
to grant; but you being so much employed upon the news of 
the death of the Queen Mother, I could not see you. There are 
4 vessels bound for Bordeaux waiting a fair wind. The sickness is 
so great at Dieppe that commerce is stopped, and there is conse- 
quently no intelligence. [Jbid. No. 2.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. Two Dutchmen and a Swede, laden with 
wine, brandy, and salt, and another from Guinea, have set sail ; 
there are several others outward bound, waiting a fair wind. 
Excuse my writing to Mr. Williamson, being ill. [Jbid. No. 3.] 


Jobn Powell to Hickes. There is no news of any kind. [Jbid. 
No. 4.] 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 5.] 


Sir Thos. Ingram to Lord [Arlington]. I.have examined the 
person, and laid all the baits I could for a confession, but find 
nothing material. As however he has been an enemy to the 
Government, I have taken security for his good behaviour ; as he 
has taken the oaths of allegiance and supremacy, I suggest that he 
may have his liberty. Endorsed, “ Examination of a suspected 
person about gunpowder.” [Jbid. No. 6.] 


Petition of William, Earl of Marlborough, to the King, for pay- 
ment of his creation money, and the arrears of the annuity of 1001. 
obtained for him by his late father [James Ley, 1st Earl of Marl- 
borough] when he resigned the Treasurership of England, and now 
450l. in arrears. Has succeeded to the Earldom on death of his 
nephew James, late Earl, slain in the Dutch war; but the estate 
being consumed by loyal services during the rebellion, has only a 
small tenement of 50l. a year and this annuity. [Ibid. No. 7.] 
Annexing, 


Certificate by Sir Rob. Long that the 20l. a year creation 
money, payable to the late Earl of Marlborough, has been 
paid to March 1664, and the 100l. a year to March 1665, 
so that on the latter 4501. is due—12 Nov. 1667. [Ibid. 
No. 71.] 


Reference of the above petition to the Treasury Commissioners. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 56.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of the 


assessors and collectors for the common sewers, for payment of 
411, 5s. 6d. due to them. [Jbid. p. 57.] i 


1669. 
Aug. 7. 


5° 


Aug. 7. 
Chatham. 


Aug. 7. 


Woolwich. 


T 


Aug. 7. 


Aug. 8. 


Portsmouth. 


Aug. 8. 


Aug. 8. 


Aug. 


CHARLES II. 448 


Warrant to Thos. Dixon to apprehend Philip Thorpe for trea- 
sonable practices and designs. Minute. [S P. Dom., Entry Book 30, 
f. 166.] 


Capt. Edw. Moorcock and John Moore to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. We cannot approve of the dismissal of either of the hoys, 
until we have tried what we can do with 2 heavy and difficult 
wrecks, which yet lie in this channel. You will receive an ac- 
count of the affair by Sir John Mennes and Captain Cox; we hope 
to remove another wreck out of the way next spring [tide]. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. II. 264, No. 8.] 


Capt. W. Hannam and John Rudd to the Navy Commissioners. 
We cannot weigh the House of Swede, and the pink on the north 
shore, for want of a good fastening, she being buried in the sands. 
We have nothing left of the 100/. imprest, and want money to 


defray the week’s charge. We intend to fire two chests of gun- 


powder on the House of Swede to-day. [Ibid. No. 9.] 


Edw. Silvester to the Navy Commissioners. I crave to be called 
in to treat with you, concerning the chain I am making at Ports- 


mouth. [Zbid. No. 10.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. Proceedings 
with the work for the new ship. Two hoys full of the frame for 
her have been received into the yard from the New Forest, and 
another is lying at Redbridge; so we hope to have it ready to go 
on the stocks when the other ship is launched. We desire direc- 
tions as to employing the men to hew the beains in Godshill Wood, 
near Salisbury, which will not cost above 2s. each load, or to order 
their return when they have finished the frame. The Fairfax and 
Advice are nearly ready to launch; we shall then take in the 
Gloucester and Adventure. [8 pages. Ibid. No. 11.] 


Letter to the Master and Senior Fellows of St. Peter’s College, 
Cambridge, to elect Samuel Ball, M.A., to the next Fellowship of 
the old foundation that shall be void. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 31, f. 27.] 


The King to Sir Thos. Ingram, Chancellor of the Duchy of 
Lancaster. We have issued a commission under the Duchy seal to 
Walter, Lord Aston, High Steward of the Honour of Tutbury, and 
lieutenant of Needwood Forest, and others, to examine into trespasses 
committed there, in order to prevent abuses in the game and woods, 
and inquire how the same may be improved. You are to order the 
said Commissioners to go down immediately, inquire into conceal- 
ments and encroachments in any of our lands there, the granting of 
offices since the Restoration, their yearly value, all abuses and 
wrongs done by such grants, and what improvements have been 
made in the revenue; the said Commissioners are to have as much 
power as though the words in their commission were particular 
and express. [Zbid.] 


Draft of the above, dated 6 Aug. [2 pages. S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 264, No. 12.] 


444 


1669. 
[Aug. 8.] 


Aug. 8. 
Deal. 


Aug. 8. 
Cadiz Road. 


Aug. 9. 
Treasury 
Chambers. 


Aug. 9. 


Pendennis. 


Aug. 9. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


The King to the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster. You are 
to signify to Lord Aston, lieutenant of Needwood Forest, that no trees 
are to be henceforth felled in that forest on any pretence, there 
having been great waste of wood by claims of fee trees. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 264, No. 13.] 


Rich. Watts [to Williamson]. A ship from Gallipoli reports that 
the Grand Seignior has died of wounds received from a fall from 
his horse while hunting. A fish 5 feet long has been caught; 
by some it was supposed to be a dog-fish, but others considered it 
a shark, having two sets of teeth in the lower jaw; 27 Hamburghers, 
outward bound, have been forced in by contrary winds. [Jbid. 
No. 14.] 


Sir Edw. Sprage to Williamson. I arrived at Cadiz on the 
2nd, and Sir Thos. Allin came in with his squadron yesterday, but 
they only stay to take in water, and are then off to Algiers, accord- 
ing to instructions. The Admiral of Genoa has also come in, and 
delivered up voluntarily all the Englishmen he had on board; he 
reports that the seige of Candia is raised. A French man-of-war 
also reported that M. Beaufort, going ashore there, was wounded 
in the arm by a bomb shot into the town. The Sally men-of-war 
are growing very strong; Capt. Holmes forced a small pink of 
theirs ashore and captured her, but the men escaped. They have 
200 English slaves dispersed in the country, and if care is not 
taken to destroy these rogues, they will grow very powerful; we 
must do this when we have shown ourselves at Algiers. What has 
been done in my Irish business? I hope Lord Arlington will give 
a helping hand to it. Pray forward the letters enclosed. [2 pages. 
Ibid. No. 15.] 


Sir Geo. Downing to Williamson. I send an advertisement for 
the Gazette, stating that the Treasury Commissioners will be ready, 
on 11 Oct., to receive propositions from persons, for farming or 
collecting the duty arising from hearths and stoves, in England and 
Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, either in one farm or collection, or 
by several counties and places. [Jbid. No. 16.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. Several ships have come in out- 
ward bound, and are waiting a fair wind. One has the Lord 
Lieutenant’s goods, and is bound for Dublin. [Zbid. No. 17.] 


Edw. Mageer to Viscount Conway. I arrived at Heidelberg 
4 Aug., and agreed with Daniel Nebel, the Prince Elector’s apothe. 
cary, for 50l., according to the agreement made by your lordship 
with Mr. Harrell, to enable me to find myself clothes, which 
apprentices are bound to do. I shall serve him 4 years, when 
Nebel is bound to give me 12 rix dollars to bear my charge back 
again, which he only consented to after a deal of persuasion, by the 
post-master of Heidelberg and Mr. Trypon, as neither Mr. Harrell 
nor the indentures made any mention of it. Nebel desires the 
money may be paid by your lordship to Harrell in London. 

I hope I shall master the language, which is very hard to 
learn ; Mr, Hart’s brother is careful of me. I received 7l. of Mr. 


1669. 


Aug. 9. 
Monday. 


Aug. 10. 
The Roebuck, 
Downs. 


Aug. 10. 


Dover. 


Aug. 10. 


Dover. 


Aug. 10. 
Plymouth. 


Aug. 10. 
Deal. 


Aug. 10. 


Aug. 10. 


CHARLES II. 445 


Garret in London; particulars of its expenditure. If your lordship 
will give Harrell 47. when you pay him, it will be as much as I 
shall need for’a long time. I shall endeavour to learn French as 
well as Dutch [German ?], and I have greater advantage here than in 
England to learn to speak Latin. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 264, No. 18.] 


M. Wren to Jonas Shish. Let all diligence be used in graving 
and calking the Anne yacht, as she is to be sent once more to 
Stockholm. [Jbid. No. 19.] 


Capt. George Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. I received the 
stores aboard, but have only 3 weeks’ provisions remaining, and the 
victualler at Dover desires timely notice, to enable him to provide. 
There are several men-of-war, privateers, and merchantmen in the 
Downs, making together about 30 sail. The men-of-war were un- 
willing to take down their pennants, but I made them sensible of 
their failing therein, and caused them to do so. . [Lbid. No. 20.] 


Thos. Lloyd to Williamson. Sir Rob. Southwell is arrived in 
the packet boat, but is so indisposed, through the harshness of the 
passage, that he has gone to rest, and directed me to write. We hope 
to-morrow to reach Surrenden, where Sir Edw. Dering and his 
lady are, and the next day, I suppose, Whitehall. [Zbid. No. 21.] 


Jo. Carlile to Williamson. Sir Rob. Southwell, Mr. Lloyd, and 
company have arrived from Calais very weary and wet, and go to 
Sir Edw. Dering’s to-morrow. [Zbid. No. 22.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. A vessel arrived from Portugal reports 
that the woods in Newfoundland have been set on fire, but whether 
from accident or design is not known; it is feared when the rain 
falls, and the coals and ashes are washed down to the sea, that it 


will much prejudice the fishery. [Ibid. No. 23.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson.] In the Ostend vessel wrecked on 
the Goodwin in February, there was a Governor who was to 
be carried to Madrid, to answer some high erimes of treason, in 
betraying, or intending to betray, a town to the French in Flanders ; 
this, it seems, was a false accusation, as he arrived here yester- 
day, bound for Ostend, to his former, or a greater command; he 
has gone to Dover to embark in the packet boat. It was observed 
that he came alone, and was landed with a small bundle of linen, 
out of a vessel bound for London, so that some imagine he has 
made his escape and intends for France. Upwards of 40 Ham- 
burghers, some Dutch, and 2 Dutch men-of-war, are in the Downs. 
[Zbid. No. 24.] 


The King to Edward, Bishop of Norwich. We hear by George 
Walsh that he holds from you the site of Wrungey Priory, Norfolk, 
for 21 years, which he desires to change into lives. We request 
you, on account of his loyalty to our late father and to ourselves, 
to allow him a lease of the priory for 3 lives, but this grant not 
to be drawn into a precedent. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 27, f. 151.] 


Warrant to the Duke of Albemarle, and other trustees of the fee 
farm rents, for raising money and securing payment in course to 


Aug. 10. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


those persons who shall lend various sums for the King’s use, 
empowering them also to convey and dispose of the said rents. 
[Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 76.] 

Licence for Sir Rich. Ashfield, Bart., High Sheriff of Gloucester- 
shire, to repair to London or elsewhere, as his occasions require. 


' Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 115.] 


Aug. 11. 


Aug. 11. 


Aug. 11. 


[Aug. 11.] 


Aug. 11. 


Aug. 11. 
Aug. 11. 


Aug. 11. 


Lyme. 


Aug. 11. 


Falmouth. 


Pass for Thomas, Earl of Portland, with his servants beyond 
seas. Minute. [Jb7d.] 


Request for a pass to France for Josceline, Earl of Northumber- 
land, with his lady, daughter, servants, carriages, 39 horses, &c. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 264, No. 25.] 


Grant of the said pass, including 55 horses. Minute. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 30, p. 166.] 


Note that the Act for regulating the press has defects which may 
be supplied by orders given to the Statitioners’ company, who 
oppose the proceedings of the surveyor of the press; if they still 
obstruct, they should be reported to King and Council. [S.P. Dom. 
Car. IIL., No. 254.] 


The King to the Stationers’ Company of London. Many trea- 
sonable, seditious, and unlicensed books, pamphlets, &c., having 
been printed, on 22 Aug. 1663, we appointed Roger L’Estrange 
sole surveyor of the press; but this appointment has proved 
ineffectual, through the opposition of several members of your 
company. You are henceforth to take due cognizance of his com- 
mission, and employ your utmost power and credit with your 
members, no further to obstruct him, but to assist him in all 
searches and discoveries when needful. 

Also within 8 days after notice given by the said surveyor of the 
press, you are to call a court of assistants, to advise with him, and 
agree on such ways and means for its better government as he shall 
propose, being instructed by us for that purpose, and he is required 
to return to Council or a Secretary of State an account of proceedings 
therein. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 27.] 


Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 264, No. 26.] 


Warrant to pay to Wm. Young and Isaac Staggins, musicians 
for the flute and hautboy in place of Henry Bassano, deceased, 
20d. daily and 16l. 2s. 6d. yearly. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 77.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. The Lily Rose, and Francis have 
arrived from Morlaix, laden with linen, and report that many of 
the nobility of France were come to Morlaix, to consider how to 
raise seamen and carpenters to send to Brest, for despatch of ships 
designed for the Straits. The Vinetree has come in from Rotterdam. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. IT, 264, No. 27.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. Several great vessels, supposed to be 
East India or Straits men, have passed the harbour. The Robert 
of Plymouth has arrived from Ireland, with several passengers and 
10 horses, intended for London, The Sea Flower of Apsom has 


CHARLES II. 447 


1669. 
come in from Croissic with salt; some other vessels that put out 
for France are put back by contrary winds. A small frigate, sup- 


posed to be a Turkish man-of-war or a pirate, gave them chase off 
the Lizard. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 264, No. 28.] 


Aug. 11. Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [Ibid. No. 29.] 


Aug. 11. John Powell to Williamson. There is no news of any kind. 
Pembroke. [bid. No. 30.] 


Aug, 11. Sir Thos. Allin to the Navy-Commissioners. We came to an 
Resolution, anchor, and having watered with some difficulty, and dispatched 
Cadiz. the business of the money we were to receive on shore, we are 
weighing for Tangiers, and from thence forward on our voyage. 
The backwardness of the Welcome fireship and the Golden Hand, 
in not joining us, may create great perplexities and disturbance 
to the service we are about, besides the want of the Centurion and 
Dartmouth, which I have orders to convoy. I leave orders for 
them, in this and all other places as I go along, follow the fleet 

as speedily as possible. [Zbid. No, 31.] 


Aug. 12. Capt. George Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. I received 
The Roebuck, your orders to sail for Holyhead, and intend to go westward and 
mie stop at Plymouth, having some accounts to pass with the victualler. 
I desire orders as to what provisions I shall take in there, as there 
are none ready at Dover. Iam to carry Lord Robartes over to 

Ireland, and then return to the Downs. [Jbid. No. 82.] 


Aug. 12. Wm. Penn to the Navy Commissioners. I demanded the masts, 

Kinsale. cables, and cordage, and send you the replies. The masts are very 
much tangled with the chains, and will soon decay and be unser- 
viceable ; the chains cost 2007. I desire orders as to unrigging the 
Harp, to preserve it during the winter. [Jbid. No. 33.] Encloses, 


Warrant from the Earl of Orrery, President of Munster, to 
Ensign Wm. Penn, to deliver some masts to Col. Heyward 
St. Ledger, it being thought fit, for the security of Kinsale 
Harbour, to lay a boom across the river, for preventing any 
attempt of the enemy to destroy the ships riding there; and 
this cannot be perfected for want of masts to bear wp the 
chain.— Kinsale, 27 June 1667. [Copy. Ibid. No. 331] 


Col. Heyward St. Ledger to Wm. Penn. I received the Navy 
Commissioners’ order, demanding the masts lent for the 
harbour of Kinsale when the Navy rode there, and would 
deliver them were they not chained together ; but I must 
have the Lord Deputy’s order, as the Lord Lieutenant has been 
at 1,000.. charge for the iron and other works. I shall obey 
his lordship’s orders therein.—Cork, July 25, 1669. [Copy. 
Ibid. No. 3311.] 


Thos. Page to Wm. Penn. The masts, cables, and ropes named 
were not issued to Col. Heyward St. Ledger by his Excel- 
lency’s order, he not then being in the Government ; the Lord 
President of Munster having disposed of them to the use 
they now serve, he should be consulted. He is in London, 


448 


1669. 


Aug. 12. 


Aug. 12. 


Sweepstakes, 
Downs. 


Aug. 12. 
Navy Office. 


Aug. 12. 


Aug. 12. 
Rye. 


Aug. 12. 


Portsmouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


and can satisfy the Navy Commissioners whether it will be 
convenient to remove them.—Dublin, 3 Aug. 1669. [Copy. 
S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 264, No. 33111] 


Affidavit by Ant. Stephens, taken before Justinian Lewyns, 
touching several parcels of tickets, amounting to near 19,0001, 
supposed to have passed through his hands, before and after the 
suspension of the Earl of Anglesey, and why they were not passed 
to account before, [2 pages. Ibid. No. 34.] 


Affidavit by Rob. Waith, as to a parcel of tickets, value between 
2,0007. and 3,000/., brought to him by Mr. Fenn in Sir George 
Carteret’s time, which he refused, because they were not brought in 
account by Mr. Stephens. The controversy continued till after the 
Earl of Anglesey’s suspension, when those tickets with others, value 
19,0002., and said to be paid before the suspension, were delivered 
him. [Jbid. No. 35.] 


Yapt. John Narbrough to the Navy Commissioners. I have 
received the 14 days’ sea provisions ordered, and have my comple- 
ment of men and all other things complete. [Jbid. No. 36.] 


Giles Bond, master of the Hope galliot, to the Navy Commissioners. 
The Hope is at Deptford waiting further orders. [Jbid. No. 37.] 


Warrant to re-pay to Sir Wm. Doyley, jun., 450/. laid out by 
him in rebuilding the King’s house, St. Stephen’s, Westminster. 
[Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 78.] 


Licence for Edwin Skrimsheir, High Sheriff of Staffordshire, to 
repair to Scotland or elsewhere. Minute. [Zbid. f. 115.] 


Grant of naturalization to 3 Holland vessels, to be employed by 
Henry, Lord Arlington, Postmaster-General, as packet-boats to 
convey letters and passengers from Harwich to Holland, none but 
Holland-built vessels being proper to avoid the shelves and sands 
on those coasts, and an Act of Parliament forbidding the employ- 
ing of foreign vessels. [Zbid. f. 115.] 


James Welsh to Williamson. There is a suit depending in the 
Court of Chancery of Dover, between the town of Sandwich and 
the Cinque Ports, wherein I suppose that Sandwich will be cast ; 
it is intended to bring it before the King and Council, and the 
Cinque Ports having requested me, as Mayor of Rye, to manage 
the affair on their behalf, I request you to intercede with Lord 
Arlington, so as to stop any process from issuing out there, for the 
attaching of any person within the Ports, until we have had a fair 
hearing at the Council Board. The sickness is in above 100 houses 
at Dieppe. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 264, No. 38.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The second rate ship will be 
launched before Michaelmas, and the frame of the great ship is 
progressing rapidly. [Jbid. No, 39.] 


1669. 


Aug. 12. 
Deal. 


Aug. 13. 
Plymouth. 


Aug. 13. 
Aug. 13. 


Aug. 13. 
Chatham. 


Aug. 13. 
Treasury 
Chambers, 
Whitehall. 


Aug. 14. 
Saturday. 


CHARLES II. 449 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. A ship from the Straits reports 
that they met several Algerines, who spake with them, but did not 
meddle with them; they say that Sir Thos. Allin had not arrived 
at Tangier. The Roebuck has orders to take in the Lieutenant of 
Ireland, and carry him to his command. The many showers hinder 
the harvest. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 264, No. 40.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. A ship from the Barbadoes has arrived, 
and one from the Caribbee Islands, which are in a thriving condition. 


[Zbid. No. 41.] 
Same to Williamson, To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 42.] 


Advices received, being extracts from letters calendared above, 
and from the following :— 

Lincoln, 11 Aug.—The grand inquest, having found the good 
effects of the proclamation against conventicles, have drawn up 
a paper of thanks to his Majesty, which was read and sub- 
scribed in a County Court, and have desired Justice [Sir Thos. ] 
Tyrell to present it. Of the great conventicle held at Gedney, 
three-fourths came out of the Isle of Ely and Norfolk, and 
many from Nottingham. [Zbid. No. 43.] 


John Brookes to the Navy Commissioners. I surveyed 85 casks 
of beef and pork aboard the Leopard, and am informed that there are 
36 more as bad as the others. I desire an order for their removal, 
and for heading up the cask standing on deck, as it stinks so that 
no man is able to abide between decks. [Ibid. No. 44.] L'ncloses, 

Certificate by John Brookes and two others, that the beef and 
pork on board the Leopard, brought from Lisbon, are too 
stinking and rotten to be fit for any service.—11 Aug. 1669. 
[Zbid. No. 441.] 


Sir George Downing to Williamson. I send an advertisement to 
be’inserted in the Gazette, that although the Treasury Commis- 
sioners intend to receive propositions upon 11 Oct., for collecting or 
farming the duty arising by fire-hearths and stoves, they will not 
interrupt the late farmers in the collection of arrears due to 
25 March last. I desire you to add the time from which the duty 
is to be let, viz., from 29 Sept. next. Noted to be delivered to 
Mr. Hartlib. [Zbid. No. 45.] 


Sam. Hartlib to Williamson. An advertisement has been pub- 
lished in the Gazette about the hearth money, but in such general 


' terms that, without an explanation, it may occasion the people to 


Aug. 14. 


Aug. 14. 
‘Trinity College 
[Cambridge]. 


79380. 


scruple paying the arrears due to the present farmers. Do not fail 
in publishing the additional advertisement sent you by Sir George 
Downing, by direction of the Treasury Commissioners. [Zbid, 
No. 46.] 

Jone Snell to Rob. Francis. Forwarding of letters.  [Jbid. 
No. 47.] 

Thos. Nixon to his uncle, Rob. Francis. Pray deliver the enclosed 
to my aunt, and desire her to make haste in answering it; my occa- 
sions are so great that they will not admit of delay. [Zbid, 
No. 48.] 

F F 


450 


1669. 
Aug. 14. 
Weymouth, 


Aug. 14. 
Pembroke. 


Aug. 14. 
Aug. 14. 


Aug. 14. 


Aug. 14. 


Durham. 


Aug. 15. 
Deal, 


Aug. 15, 


Portsmouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


George Pley to Hickes. A vessel from Barbadoes with sugar 
reports that, when in the height of 24 degrees, she was met and 
plundered by 3 Spanish men-of-war from Havana, of moneys, 
clothes, and other goods, and that they used the company very 
badly. They told them that some of our ships from Jamaica had 
also been stopped, and 6,000 pieces of eight in money, besides other 
goods, taken from them. There is a ship in those seas commanded 
by a Chevalier of Malta, who takes all nations he can light upon. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 264, No. 49.] 


John Powell to Hickes. There is no news of any kind to send. 
[Zbid. No. 50.] 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 51.] 


Proposals by Lewis Bayly to the Navy Commissioners, for weigh- 
ing 5 ships sunk at Woolwich, at 1007. each, and a grant of the said 
ships, cordage, &c. With note that it was presented to the Board, 
and the terms disapproved of. [Jbid. No. 52.] 


Wm.. Birk, commander of the Portsmouth sloop, to the Navy 
Commissioners. Craves allowance for victualling his company, in 
her late voyage to the Isle of Wight, from 17 July to 4 Aug., after 
his provisions were expended. [Zbid. No. 53.] 


Warrant to Sir John Howell, Recorder, and the Sheriffs of London 
and Middlesex, to reprieve Thos. Hack, condemned at the Old Bailey 
for clipping and coining, and to insert him in the next transporta- 
tion pardon for poor convicts of Newgate. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 28, f. 28.] 


The King to the Dean and Chapter of Worcester. We hear that 
the vicarage of Bromsgrove, in your disposal, is now vacant. If 
none of your prebendaries will accept it, we request you to grant it 
to Thos, Wilmot, M.A., of whose loyalty, conformity, &c., we are 
assured. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 27, f. 151.] 


Dr. Isaac Basire to Rob. Francis. Friendship is the life of 
human society, but constancy is the life of friendship, and corre- 
spondence the nurse of constancy ; I have wanted that favour ever 
since I took my leave of you 2 months ago. Iam informed by my 
son that you put it over to your clerk, whom I neither know nor 
had to do with; but as Mr. Williamson promised a correspondence 
from you, I beg you, if that courtesy is troublesome to you, to let 
me know, and I will then desist rather than offend you. My wife 
and family desire to be remembered to you and good cousin 
Aldridge. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 264, No. 54.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. The Return and Rainbow have 
arrived from the East Indies ; the Rebecca and Loyal Merchant are 
in the Dover Road. The Quakers increase, and most side with 
them, [Jbid. No. 55.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The private meetings are less 
held than formerly ; the chief preachers at Southampton have been 
secured, and others have fled to escape imprisonment. [Zbid. No. 56.] 


1669. 
Aug. 15. 
Chatham. 


Aug. 15. 


Portsmouth. 


Ang. 16. 
The Roebuck, 
Downs. 


16 
Aug. 4$. 
Rotterdam. 


Aug. 16. 


Falmouth. 


Aug. 16. 


Pendennis. 


Aug. 16. 
Northampton. 


Aug. 16. 


CHARLES II. 451 


Jos. Lawrence to the Navy Commissioners. I viewed Mr. Fellows’ 
timber and set a mark upon 70 ends, about 110 loads, which will be 
useful for the new ship if you will treat with him about it; his 
dwelling is at Three Cranes Wharf, Thames Street. I have set 
sawyers to work in converting Mr. Mason’s trees, which are too big 
for carriage. With note that Mr. Fellows being at the Board. on the 
29th, insisted upon 3/. 10s. per load, which the Board refused, and 
the contract was broken off. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 264, No. 57.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. I have been to 
the forest, where all endeavours will be used to get down the frame, 
which is already hewed. All the men will return at the end of the 
week, except four, who will go to Godshill Wood to mould the beams 
marked out I shall want 2007. for carriage, having had nothing 
more than the 150l. on the whole account. The purveyor has a 
great account to clear, and desires that it may be done; if money 
is wanted for carriage in his absence, we will let you know. We 
want a warrant to press some joiners. [14 pages. Ibid. No. 58.] 


Capt. George Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. I could not 
get any provision at Dover except bread, so shall victual at Ports- 
mouth; pray order the provisions to be ready. I shall make all 
despatch to Holyhead, having to take Lord Robartes in there, to 
carry him to Ireland. [Jbid. No. 59.] 


Fr. Crane to Rob. Francis. I have no news, and that from 
England about M. Beaufort and Candia is made sport of. I hope 
the house in St. Alban’s Street is furnished, and your wife all ready. 
Being so long concluding the match, I hope it will be so firmly 
ratified that there will always be a free content, and no trouble with 
State jealousies. I cannot desire a letter, as I am not yet settled at 
my journey’s end. Pray forward the letters enclosed. [/bid. No. 60.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. Four great merchantmen have come in 
from Ostend, bound for Cadiz, under convoy of the Castle Rodrigo ; 
they came out with 2 more bound for the Canaries, but left them at 
sea, one having broken her mast,and being supposed to have put in 
at Plymouth. They met a Dutch fleet of 5 sail and one convoy, also 
bound for Cadiz. The St. Peter of Aldborough has come in, laden 
with fish for Bristol. [Jbid. No. 61.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. Particulars of the arrival of ships. 
[Zbid. No. 62.] 


J. Summers to Rob. Francis. Thanks for your fair proceedings > 
in my friend’s business at Stratford. May he wait upon you, as he 
is so impatient he cannot sleep? [Zbid. No. 63.] 


Marquis of Worcester to Lord [Arlington]. There being a great 
scarcity of deputy-lieutenants for co. Monmouth, occasioned by the 
death of some, and the removal of others by his Majesty’s direction, 
I beg you will present a list enclosed for the King’s approbation, so 
as to supply the want. [Jbid. No. 64.) Annexing, 

List of 6 intended deputy-leutenants for co. Monmouth, viz., 
Sir Edw. Morgan, Bart., Sir George Probert, Wm. Morgan, 
FF 2 


452 


1669. 


Aug. 


Aug. 17. 


Plymouth. 


Aug. 17. 


Portsmouth. 


Aug. 17. 
Deal. 


Aug. 17. 
York. 


Aug. 17. 


Aug. 18. 
Whitehall. 


Aug. 18. 


Court at 
W hitehall. 


Aug. 18. 


Portsmouth, 


Aug. 18. 


Billing. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


James Herbert, Herbert Evans, and Thos. Morgan of Lan- 
soare, approved by the King, 16 Aug. 1669. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT, 264, No. 641.] 


Duplicate of the said list, dated 26 Aug. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 20, f. 201.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. A ship has just arrived from the 
Caribbee Islands, and one from Newhaven touched here on her 
way to Rochelle. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 264, No. 65.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. It is said in the last written 
news-letter, that a 2nd rate ship has been launched at Portsmouth, 
and that another is upon the stocks; this is a mistake; it onght to 
have been that one would be launched by Michaelmas, and that the 
frame of another great ship was in forwardness. [Jbid. No. 65A.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. The Roebuck is gone westward, and 
is said to carry the Viceroy of Ireland. The whole fleet of Ham- 
burghers, and Dutch and English outward bound ships, sailed this 
afternoon. [Jbid. No. 66.] 


[John] Lord Frescheville to Williamson. Pray remind Lord Ar- 
lingion of my petition before the Lords of the Treasury. I do not 
doubt the success of it, because it appears so inconsiderable ; but it is 
not so to me, as notice having been taken of my endeavours in it, I 
shall be thought destitute of any manner of interest or considera- 
tion, if I should not obtain it. [Zbid. No. 67.] 


Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. We are ready for the 
carver to cut the arms for the stern, and figure for the head of the 
Loyal London ; I demanded elm timber for the work, but none has 
come into store. I desire an order to Mr. Mayors, the purveyor, to 


provide it, and if he will come down, I will give him the dimensions. 
[Zbid. No. 68.] 


Pass for 6 horses into France, at the request of Josias Ebrall, mer- 
chant of London, for the use of his correspondents there. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 117.] 


Reference to the Lord Keeper of a petition of a person not 
named, to report what the King may do in it, for his own service, 
and the petitioner’s gratification. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 264, No. 69.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. We have no news of any kind. 
[Lbid. No. 70.] 


J. W[illiamson] to Rob. Francis, I must remind you how much 
it concerns you and Swaddell, during my absence, to recommend 
yourselves to Lord Arlington by double diligence in the business of 
the office. You must attend him at his rising, and at the hearing 
and making of his despatches, and spend the rest of the time in the 
office; this is to your own interest. I intend returning by Tuesday, 
so you need not send anything after Saturday. I shall hope for a 
warrant fora buck from Mr. Chiffinch, but you need not call to 
him any more for it. Make extracts from the letters, as they come 


in, for the Gazette. I beg to be remembered to Lady Anderson. 
[Lbid. No. 71.] 


1669. 


Aug. 18. 


Falmouth. 


Aug. 18. 


Falmouth. 


Aug. 19. 


London. 


Aug. 19. 
Pembroke. 


Aug. 19. 


Deal. 


Aug. 19. 


Court at 
Whitehall. 


Aug. 19. 
Aug. 19. 


Court at 


Whitehall. 


CHARLES II. ; 453 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. The Ostend ships are still in port; the 
Conclusion of London, bound for Dublin, with the Lord Lieutenant’s 
oes on board, put to sea with a fair wind. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 264, 

Yo. 72.] 

Same to Williamson. To the same effect as the above, and his 

letter of the 16th. [Jbid. No. 73.] 


Rob. Bransby to Viscount Conway. I crave pardon for not 
answering your letter earlier, having been visited with the tertian 
ague; nevertheless I used all the industry possible to get such a 
chair as you described, which is effected. I had great trouble to get 
the iron frame made for it; I doubt not, as the chair is very com- 
modious, and runs on wheels, that it will please all who use it. 
I have seen your letter to Mr. Garret as to a piece of yellow drugget 
being wanting; I assure you that when the box was packed up, the 
whole quantity ordered was enclosed, and therefore beg I may not 
be a loser, as I got little by it. [Zbid. No. 74.] 


John Powell to Williamson. There is no news of any kind. 
s[ Zoid. No. 75.] 

Rich. Watts to Williamson. A ship from Virginia came aground 
on the Goodwin Sands, but was got off and piloted into Deal. The 
master, Jno. Southwell, brought her safe from Virginia to the 
Downs, without his instruments, or making any observations during 
the voyage. Those who know him say he has a familiar spirit. 
[Ibid. No. 76.] 

Petition of several of the servants in ordinary to the King, for 
his direction and command for the due payment of certain fees upon 
the creation of knights, baronets, &c., many persons concerned refus- 
ing payment thereof, although the same were granted to the peti- 
tioners under the great seal, by his Majesty’s progenitors. With 
reference thereon to Lord Chamberlain the Earl of Manchester, to 
inquire into the justice of these pretensions, and report. [Jbid. 
No. 77.] 

Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dum., Entry Book 33, p. 60.] 


Petition of Davis Morgan to the King. I was employed by the 
Earl of Oxford to recover some debts due to him from several 
persons of quality, and because I was very diligent in prosecuting 
them, they have maliciously procured me to be indicted at the 
sessions of barratry, at the suit of his Majesty, and are endeavour- 
ing by all ways and means to convict me, hoping thereby to get 
some protit to themselves, and make me incapable of any employ- 
ment. Your Majesty has, by letters patent, granted to one of the 
persons whom I sue all fines that shall be imposed on any person at 
the grand sessions of Carmarthen, so that if I am fined, my fine 
will turn to the profit of my prosecutor. I have also sued the high 
sheriff of the county, who must return the jury for the trial of the 
said indictment. I beg your letter to the judges of the grand sessions 
at Carmarthen, to stop all proceedings upon an indictment, and leave 
for the ease to be tried in the next adjacent English county. 

With reference thereon to Sir Frederick Hyde or Simon Degg, 
justices of assize for co. Carmarthen, that in case the reasons 


454 


1669. 


[Aug. 19.] 
Aug: 19. 
Aug. 19. 


Aug. 19. 


Aug. 19. 


Aug. 19. 
Roe Kitchen, 
Holehaven. 


Aug. 19. 
Chatham. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


suggested shall appear to be true, all proceedings are to be stayed 
until further order. Endorsed “ The Lord Keeper being acquainted 
with it, said his Majesty might order it as aforesaid.” [S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 264, No. 78.] 


Copy of the preceding petition and reference. [Jbid. No. 79.] 
Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 59.] 


Warrant to pay to Rob. Child and Wm. Fowles, masters of the 
tents, 2,3771. for furnishing a rich pavilion and 22 tents. [Docquet, 
Vol. 24, No. 79.] 


Warrant to pay to Philip, Earl of Chesterfield, and Charles 
Henry, Lord Wotton, 9,0007. without account, for their surrender of 
a contract between the King and Dan. O’Neale, for the sole making 
of gunpowder for the King. [Zbid.] 


Warrant to pay to the Earl of Sandwich 3571. 6s. 1d. and — 
486l. 17s. 1d. as interest and gratuity for 6,313/. 13s. 1ld., and 
6,0007. from 11 Oct. last; also like sums that may grow due on 
5,000. charged on the hearth money to be paid to Lord Hinchin- 
broke for his use, provided this allowance of interest and gratuity 
be not drawn into a precedent for other ambassadors. [Zbid.] 


Jacob Baker to the Navy Commissioners. I want an order for 
victuals, not having more than 5 days’ aboard. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 264, No. 80.] 


John Brooke to the Navy Commissioners. I was with all the 
ordinary and some carpenters and caulkers, aboard the Marmaduke, 
thinking to have pumped out the water, and made her swim, but 
cannot do it, and can see no way but to bring her up to the dock. 
[Ibid. No. 81.] 


List of 77 old pay books for ships paid since 1660, received from 
S. P. [Sam. Pepys], and carried to the ticket office. [Zbid. No. 81.] 


Deposition of John Fenn, cashier to the Earl of Anglesey, before 
Rich. Proctor, Master in Chancery, that all the tickets delivered by 
him to Ant. Stephens were paid by deponent, as out of the money 
received as treasure for the Navy, before the Earl was suspended 
from his office, and that Hale’s lists contain the names and sums of 
these tickets. [Jbid. No. 81B.] Anneaing, 

Like deposition of Michael Hale, servant to John Fenn, 
16 Aug. 1669, that the following lists of tickets were delivered 
by him, by order of Fenn, to Ant. Stephens :— 


do vet. 6) A 

No. 1, tickets amounting to - - 7,964 14 0 
” 2, ”» » ye = 5,217 12 10 

» 3, ” ” i eral = 2,458 6 5 

eS h yoo - 519 12 6 

” 5, ” » ON F 2,730 2 0 

Total - - 18890 7 9 


[Ibid. No. 81¢.] 


1669. 


Aug. 19. 


Deptford. 


Aug. 19. 


Deptford. 


Aug. 20. 


Chatham. 


Aug. 20. 


Aug. 20. 


Aug. 20. 
Whitehall. 


20 
Aug. 2°. 


Leghorn. 


CHARLES II. 455 


Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. I have received three 
barges of Mr. Shorter’s oak timber into the stores. I know that 
you give ready money, and that you desire the works shall be 
carried on with it; but none of this timber is fit for the purpose, 
and there is no longer timber of his on the wharf. I hope I shall 
receive no more of this. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 264, No. 82.] 


Same to the Same. I viewed and bought 30 loads of knee and 
compass timber belonging to Capt. Gibbs, and find it good and fit 
for the works of the London. [Jbid. No. 83.] 


Capt. Edw. Moorcock and John Moore to the Navy Commissioners, 
Our success has not been so good as expected, by reason of some 
of the gear giving way; but we hope to remove and carry two 
wrecks on shore next spring [tide]; if not, we shall not advise the , 
expense of any more time or money about weighing them. We 
want 2 months’ victuals for 70 men, if you think it convenient to 
go on with the work. [Zbid. No. 84.] 


Pass for the Sieur Levin Adam Hague, gentleman of the chamber 
to George William, Duke of Brunswick and Lunenburg, who 
brought over a present of stags, and is to take back 16 English 
horses, and 6 couple of hounds. [S.P. Dom. Entry Book 25, 


aa 


Warrant for a grant to Tobias Rustat of the estate of Rich. Sand- 
ford, late of Weston Zoyland, co. Somerset, forfeit for murder. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 166.] 


The King to Thos. Jones, quartermaster to Col. John Russell’s 
foot-guards. We require you to repair to Southampton, and pro- 
vide quarters as near Court as possible for the 7 companies of those 
guards, and their officers, who are to attend us in our progress to 
Southampton. [Jbid. f. 166.] 


Grant to Jonas Moore, in the room of Fras. Nicholas, deceased, of 
the office of Master Surveyor of Ordnance, &c., in the Tower and 
elsewhere ; fee 2s. a day. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 80.] 


Order on the petition of Brome Whorwood—for the King to 
appoint some time to hear and determine on the difference between 
himself and his wife—that his Majesty will hear it himself in the 
red room on the 23rd, between 8 and 9 a.m., in presence of the 
Lord Keeper, and that all parties concerned are to have notice to be 
present. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 59.] 


Earl of Castlemaine to Lord [Arlington]. I have been to the 
Levant with Sir Dan. Harvey. I am now keeping quarantine at 
Leghorn, where the Duke has ordered a pleasant place for the 
purpose. In Turkey there is great distraction for their losses in 
Candia, and only their late success against the French succours 
would have prevented an open rebellion; if Candia be lost, Cepha- 
lonia and Zante will follow ; and were not the Grand Seignior the 
pitifullest man living, Sicily must run the same fortune, the State 


Aug. 20. 


Lichfield 
Close. 


Aug. 20. 


Plymouth, 


Aug. 21. 
Weymouth. 


Aug. 21. 


Wisbech, 
Isle of Ely. 


Aug 21. 


Aug. 21. 


Aug. 21. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


being weak, and the people factious. I hope you have received 
a present sent. I am going to Rome when free from the lazaretto. 
[34 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 264, No. 85.] 


Anne Cole to Lord Arlington. Necessity, which is the misery of 
life, makes me a suitor to you. I beseech you—for God’s sake, and 
for the sake of Sir Anthony Desmarces, who lost his life in his 
Majesty’s service, and who was my dear friend—that you will move 
his Majesty to confer upon me some part of the reward that 
was intended for Sir Anthony, on his return; had he lived, I 
should have been partaker of all, but his death has been my utter 
ruin, as for his sake I am lost to all wy relations, and forced to 
quit the town, and sell the things I had, to pay some of his most 
pressing debts. [Jbid. No. 86.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. I enclose a letter, but have no news to 
communicate. [Zbid. No. 87.] 


Geo. Pley to Hickes. The London, laden with lemons from 
Genoa, met 3 Turkish men-of-war belonging to Algiers, who treated 
them very civilly, and only took from them wood and water, which 
they wanted. We hear of the safe arrival of all the Newfoundland 
ships, and that they are like to have good fishing, as on 24 May 
many had 3,000 fish to a boat. [Ibid. No. 88.] 


Sir Edw. Turner to Williamson. I have just finished the assizes 
at Ely, where I am chief justice. Amongst the offenders there were 
Wm. Nicolas, who was indicted for stealing a gelding ; Owen Bricke- 
wood for stealing a mare ; and Hannah Gowler for stealing 3l. They 
were all found guilty, and I pronounced judgment of death upon 
them; but as they are all young and unmarried, and able to do 
good service, and are desirous to be transported, and as most of the 
justices of the Isle have begged me to move the King for their 
pardon, and the bearer has agreed to send them to some foreign 
plantation, I desire you to acquaint Lord Arlington with it, and 
request him to move the King in the matter. [Jbid. No. 89.] 


Warrant for a grant of pardon to Edw. Maddox, condemned for 
highway robbery, on account of his former loyalty and services in 
discovering other malefactors. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 28, f. 286.] 


Warrant for payment of 200.. to John Baptista Dateil, towards 
his expenses to the dominions of the Grand Duke of Tuscany, and 
elsewhere. Minute. [S P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 166.] 


The King to the Sheriff of Wiltshire. We are informed by Sir 
John Coventry, Edw. Hyde, and Wm, Willoughby, justices of peace, 
that Matthew Best, keeper of Fisherton Anger gaol, has beaten and 
abused gentlemen debtors, suffered several convicted by statute of 
premunire and owing fines to go to their own dwellings, and one 
Humphreys, condemned to death for perjury, felony, and murder, 
to escape; Best is to be examined, and if found guilty, removed 
from his place. We recommend Hen. Sadler as a fit person to 
succeed him. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 32.] 


1669. 
Aug. 21. 
Chatham. 


Aug. 21. 
Chatham 
Dock. 


Aug. 22. 
The Roebuck, 
Spithead. 


Avg. 22. 


Portsmouth. 


Aug. 22. 
Billing. 


Aug. 22. 
Deal. 


Ang. 23. 
Deal. 


Aug. 23. 


| Pendennis. 


Aug. 23. 


Falmouth. 


CHARLES it. 457 


e 


Edw. Gregory to the Navy Commissioners. I send a list 
[missing] of ships under my muster in 1668. With note that it 
was taken possession of by Lord Brouncker, on 24 Aug. 1669. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. TI. 264, No. 90.] 


John Brooke and Wm. Rand to the Navy Commissioners. We 
have launched the Dreadnought, and laid her near the dock, that 
the shipwrights may the sooner finish her works. We desire an 
order for entering 20 riggers to fit her rigging. [Ibid. No. 91.] 


Capt. George Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. Thanks for 
your informing me of the receipt of a petition, which neither I nor 
my officers knew anything about. I shall be very careful in not 
granting tickets to those named, and in having an eye over them. 
Two are servants who agreed to serve for 40s. a year, and have had 
more than their voyage comes to, and several of the others have 
but little wages due; another is a tailor, who begged his employ, 
being ready to starve, and I judye him to be as idle a rascal as any 
of them. I received 4 months’ provisions; and as the victualler 
deals unworthily with respect to my necessary money, having 
stopped 13s. 4d., I shall give Sir Denis Gauden an account, hoping 
he will see things otherways satisfied. [Zbid. No. 92.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Roebuck and Sweepstakes 
have come in from the Downs, as convoy to some merchant ships 
bound for the southern parts. [Zbid. No. 93.] 


[J. Williamson] to Rob. Francis. You have been much to blame 
in not sending the letters I left behind on leaving town. I have 
been disappointed in doing some business intended, as two of those 
letters were to have given advice thereof at Oxford. I take it 
very ill, and am sorry for your own sake, as you will find it to 
your loss another day. I resolve to be in town on Tuesday, and 
desire that all business matters may be left at Lady Anderson’s. 
I would have you find out Mr. Povey, and request him to proceed 
in the Thetford matter, according.to his own discretion and friend- 
ship for me. [Jbid. No. 94.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Arrival of 4 East India ships; the 
Madaras from Bantam, supposed to be lost, has arrived ; welcome 
news to that company. [Jbid. No. 95.] 


Same to the Same. The fleet of merchant ships sailed with a 
fair wind; the Sweepstakes and a Virginia man only are in the 


Downs. [Zbid. No. 96.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. The Spanish man-of-war, with 
4 vessels from Ostend, has sailed, as also another with the Lord 
Lieutenant’s goods for Ireland. A ship bound for Amsterdam with 
lemons, oranges, &c., was pillaged at sea, off the North Cape, of all 
her fruit and oil, by 6 Turkish men-of-war of considerable force. 


[Ibid. No. 97.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. Arrival and departure of ships. I hear 
there are 3 Turkish men-of-war on the coast, who are supposed to 


458 


1669. 


Aug. 23 


Yarmouth. 


Aug. 23. 
Brooke House. 


Aug. 24. 
Woolwich. 


Aug. 24. 
Navy Office. 


Aug. 24. 
Plymouth. 


Aug. 24. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


be on the look out for Frenchmen, because of the succours they sent 
for Candia. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 264, No. 98.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. His Majesty's proclamation was 
proclaimed, not by the church clerk, as usual, but by our Bridewell 
man, aud forthwith set up at the Market Cross; but it was pre- 
sently pulled down, and the people met at their meeting-house, in 
as great, if not greater, numbers than formerly, without being in 
the least questioned, which is looked upon as a high contempt, and 
very much amazes the people. 

A ship has arrived from Lisbon with salt, and a ketch has sailed 
for Rotterdam. Upwards of 300 sail of laden colliers have passed 
through the road, and 50 light ships bound for Sunderland and 
Newcastle. [Zbid. No. 99.] 


Order of the Commissioners for taking accounts, that William 
Wardour, Clerk of the Pells, transmit an account of the money in 
arrear upon the Additional Aid, and in whose hands the same 
remains; and also annex the names of the receivers by whom sums 
were paid, as well for that Aid as the Poll Bill. [Zbid. No. 100.] 


Edw. Byland to the Navy Commissioners. Concerning Mr. 
Rayner’s petition, I know nothing of his having a warrant for 
building boats for Woolwich, and he is a stranger to me. Mr. 
Stafford, who formerly built them, was not put on by me, but 
I contracted with you for them, with the knowledge of Col. 
Middleton and Capt. Cox. The hulk decays much, and ought to 
be hauled ashore and trimmed. I want a supply of plank; I am 
proffered a bargain of elm timber, and will see to it if you will have 
it. The James hoy broke her head and mainmast through bearing 
of sail; I desire directions about her. [Jbid. No. 101.] 


T. Hayter to Thos. Lewis. I desire information as to the be- 
ginning and ending of sea victuals, of the Dover; the Navy 
Commissioners have ordered that the extra money due to Henry 
West, the purser, shall be cast up, he having petitioned them 
thereon. With Lewis’ particulars of the accounts asked for. Also 

T. Hayter to Thos. Lewis. I desire you will signify the time of 
petty warrants, and time of victualling, as I cannot cast up the 
money without it. With Lewis’ account of the number of men, 
and the days when the Dover was in petty warrant. [2 pages. 
Ibid. No. 102.] Annexing, 


Certificate by Nathan Whitfeld that 161. 5s. 4d. is due to 


Henry West, for services as purser on board the Dover, from 
Aug. 1666 to July 1667.—19 Aug. 1669. [Ibid. No. 1021.] 


John Clarke to Hickes, The 10 or 12 Dutch ships that touched 
at Plymouth have sailed southward, and those belonging to the 
town will sail to-day. [Ibid. No. 103.] 


[Col.] R. Talbot to Williamson, or in his absence to Lee, Richards, 
or Bridgeman. Pray procure me a warrant for the transportation 
of 9 stoned horses and 7 geldings to Ireland. [Jbid. No. 104.] 


1669. 
Aug. 24. 


Portsmouth. 


Aug. 24. 


Aug. 25. 


Aug. 25. 


Aug. 25. 


Aug, 25. 


Wrexham. 


Aug. 25. 


Falmouth. 
Aug. 25. 
Aug. 25. 


Pembroke. 


Aug. 25. 


CHARLES II. 459 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Sweepstakes and Roebuck 
have sailed with the ships under their convoy. [S.P. Dom., Car. I. 
264, No. 105.] 


Pass for transporting 6 horses into France, at the request of 
John Gibs, for the use of his correspondents there. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 119.) 


The King to the Lord Mayor, Court of Aldermen, and Common 
Council of London. We request you to allow a competent salary to 
Thomas Nevile, comptroller of the petty customs in the port of 
London, for his services in the receivership of the duty of 12d. on 
every chaldron of coals imported, levied by an Act made last session 
of Parliament; the said salary to be allowed upon your accounts 
rendered yearly into the Exchequer. [Jbid.] 


Warrant to pay to Edw. Backwell 4,6507. 16s. 3d. without 
account, as interest and gratuity for his loans to his Majesty of 
157,6832. 4s. 10d. and 9,600/. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 82.] 


Warrant to pay to Lord Grandison 4,000/. without account, for 
4 years’ arrears of the 1,000/. a year granted him on the settling of 
the yeomen of the Guard. [Jbid.] 


Report of the Royal African Company, drawn up by order, of 
the state of their trade, showing its good condition when founded, 
124,000/. being subscribed for stock; its losses by the seizure of 
6 vessels for the King’s service in 1664; by the taking of 8 more 
by the Dutch; by the damage received from the same in Africa, 
and the ill payment for negroes in Barbadoes. Being unable 
therefore to trade on their own account, they have granted private 
licences for trade, within the limits of their patent, so as to keep up 
their forts and factories. They entreat, by way of remedy, that the 
King would pay in the remainder of his own subscription to the 
stock, which would lead others to do the same; thus their debts 
could be paid, and then new subscriptions would come in; that he 
would assist them in recovering their debts at Barbadoes, and grant 
them a vessel or two to protect them on the African coast, on 
which they will try to raise a new stock. [5 pages. S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT, 264, No. 106.] 


R. Manley to Rob. Francis. I hope to be with you next 
week ; everybody here remembers you with passion, especially my 
family and brother. Al here is peaceable and very hospitable, and 
we make good cheer. [Jbid. No. 107.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. The Zngram, Sarah, and others 
have arrived from London to load pilchards. [Jbid. No. 108.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [/bid. No. 109.] 


John Powell to Hickes. Has no news to communicate. [Jbid. 
No. 110.] 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [Zbed. No. 111.] 


460 


1669. 
Aug. 26. 


Portsmouth. 


Aug. 26. 


Aug. 26. 


Aug. 26. 
Chatham. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Sweepstakes still continues 
in the Downs; the ship with the Governor of Tangiers’ goods, and 
some of his servants, has arrived, and he is expected daily. [SP. 
Dom., Car. TI. 264, No. 112.] 


Warrant to pay to Dudley Rowse, receiver of the rents of the 
Manor and Castle of Windsor, 1,000/. for repair of the Castle and 
houses there. [Docquet, Vol, 24, No. 85.] 


Warrant for reprieve of Edward Oram, prisoner in Newgate. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 167.] 


Pass for 16 horses to Ireland for Col. Talbot. Minute. [Zbid.] 


Warrant to the Ordnance Commissioners to pay all arrears of 
pension and allowance due to Sieur de la Fabvoliére, who is to be 
dismissed from his office of chief engineer. [Jbid.] 


The King to Sir Thos. Morgan. We recommend Grandin 
for the first vacant benefice in the island [Jersey], being certified of 
his orthodoxy and learning, and he and his father having deserved 
well from us and the church, especially in the assistance given to 
the preachers of the island. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 30.] 


Edw. Gregory and 8 other officers to the Navy Commissioners. We 
think that the best manner of disposing of the Marmaduke will be 
by exposing her to sale, she being incapable of removal, and incon- 
venient to break up at so great a distance from the yard. With 
note by Capt. Edw. Moorcock and John Moore, that the Marmaduke 
did swim from Aug. to Jan. last, and lately floated out of dock ; but 
if she is now incapable of removal, they think with the other ofticers 


. that she ought to be sold. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 264, No. 113.] 


Aug. 26. 
Deptford. 


Aug. 27. 
Plymouth. 


Aug. 27. 
Aug. 27. 


Aug. 27. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


F. Hosier to the Navy Commissioners. I send a list of ships 
under my muster at Gravesend, but doubt it is imperfect, all my ` 
books being at Brooke House. I will send Mr. Elkin’s list when it 
comes. [Zbid. No. 114.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. Three ships have come in laden with 
salt and deals, and a dozen vessels are in port outward bound. 
Sir Bernard de Gomme, Engineer-General, has arrived. [Jbid. 
No. 115.] 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 116.] 


Certificate by Sir And. Riccard, Governor of the Levant Com- 
pany, that Thos. Harby, merchant of Zante, is a person of experi- 
ence, and qualified for the office of Consul at that place. [Jbid. 
No. 117.] 


Petition of Charles, Earl of Norwich, to the King. In considera- 
tion of the late Earl of Norwich’s surrender of the place of captain 
of the Guards, your Majesty became indebted to him, under the 
great seal, in 14,000/., to be paid in 7 years, by equal portions. 
At the death of the Earl, 11,0007. was due, which I claimed, as 


1669. 


Aug. 27. 


Aug. 27. 
Roe Kitchen, 
Holehaven. 


Aug. 27. 


Portsmouth. 


CHARLES II. 461 


administrator to my father, in confirmation of which you granted 
a warrant in March 1667, by which the then Lord Treasurer was 
ordered to pay it. But contrary to the intent of that warrant, 
several privy seals have passed for payment of some of the Earl's 
creditors, to the value of 6,240/., and in particular for 780l. to Sir 
Philip Warwick, and 1,100/. to Elizabeth Deane ; but both of them 
notwithstanding claim payment from me, upon a former pro- 
mise made by me to satisfy them, they not finding the satisfac- 
tion expected by such privy seals, though those amounts are 
effectually taken from me. I beg you therefore to recall these privy 
seals, so that I may receive the amounts thereby granted, or to 
give orders to the Treasury Commissioners that payment of the 
two sums of 7807. and 1,1002., with interest, may be made to me. 
With reference thereon to the Treasury Commissioners. [S.P.Dom., 
Car. IT. 264, No. 118.] 


Pass for 12 couple of hounds for the Prince of Denmark. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 167.] 


Pass for 6 horses to Hamburg for George Clifford. Minute. 
[Zbid. | 
Privy seal for 2,8007. to Charles Gifford, remaining in the hands 


of John Kilby, late collector of hearth money for Berks, with 
power to sue for and recover the same. Minute. [Jbid.] 


Privy seal for 1001. to the poor of the parish of St. Margarets, 
Westminster. Minute. [Lbid.] 


Warrant for a licence to Sir John Clayton and George Blake, 
for 60 years, to build and maintain lighthouses on the northern 
coast of England, viz., at St. Nicholas Gate, Cromer, the mouth of 
the Humber, Flamborough Head, and Ferne Island, on rent of 201. 
a year, they receiving ld. per ton from laden ships, and ld. from 
light ones ; a certificate ‘being first signed by 500 shipmasters and 
mariners as to the convenience of the said lighthouses, and their 
willingness to contribute thereto. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, 


f. 120.) 


Grant to Rob. Ferrer of the offices of yeoman tailor and porter 
in the Great Wardrobe, in the room of John Young, deceased ; fees, 
6d. and 8d. a day. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 84.] 


Jacob Baker to the Navy Commissioners. I beseech you to 
order me some provision, being in great straits for want of it. 


[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 264, No. 119.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I send 
the names of 8 calkers pressed who have appeared, and desire that 
you will send for the rest to answer for their neglect, and that they 
or others may be hastened down, the works and season of the year 
requiring it. I also send a contract for some timber. The town of 
Portsmouth is very sickly, 600 persons are down, and amongst 
them some of our workmen; so that the work goes on the more 


462 


1669. 


Aug. 28. 
Woolwich. 


Aug. 28. 


Maidstone. 


Aug. 28. 
Whitehall. 


Aug. 28. 
Whitehall. 


Aug. 28. 
Whitehall. 


Aug. 28. 


Aug. 28 ? 


Aug. 28. 
Whitehall. 


Aug. 28. 
Chester. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


heavily. Not many die, though since my coming, there has not 
been a day but 1 or 2 or 8 have died. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 264, 
No. 120.] 


List of pay-books belonging to S. P. [Sam. Pepys] of ships 
named, paid 1660-1665, delivered by order of the Navy Commis- 
sioners to the ticket office. [5 pages. Similar to that No. 814, 
p. 454 supra, but adding 50 more ships’ books. Ibid. No. 121.] 


Edw. Byland to Col. Thos. Middleton. I propose repairing the 
hulk, and desire a supply of deals for the works. The James hoy 
is being fitted with a new mast. [Jbid. No. 122.] 


John Mason to the Navy Commissioners. Pray sign my bill, 
and pay the money to my brother, Silam Callant, for I have 
promised payment to several persons that much want it. Iam 
endeavouring to send down the rest of the timber. [Ibid. No. 123.] 


Col. B. Reymes to the Navy Commissioners. My last contract 
being ended, shall I continue the same quantity for a longer time, 
or increase it? The stores at Portsmouth are very empty, and this 
small proportion adds but small encouragement to the manufac- 
tory. [Zbid. No. 124.] 


Reference of the petition of Ralph Jefferson, prisoner at Dur- 
ham, for reprieve, pardon, or banishment, to the judge of assize 
who sat upon his trial. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 62.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of 
Hartgill Baron, for a lease in reversion of a farm to Sir Rich. 
Braham, near Windsor, for 31 years. [Ibid. p. 63.] 


Petition of Sir Wm. Underhill to the King, for pardon for an 
offence on which a verdict is obtained against him, for suborning 
Chris. Fielding to swear in his behalf. With reference thereon to 
the Attorney-General. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 264, No, 125.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, 
p. 68.] 


Petition of Sir Wm. Underhill to the King. Was compelled, 
7 years ago, to pay 1,500/. to Mr. Devereux, who was wounded by 
the accidental discharge of a pistol when they were together. 
Chris. Fielding, who swore that he did not discharge the pistol, 
being dead, Devereux has, without giving him notice, obtained a 
verdict against him, for suborning Fielding to perjury. As the 
case cannot be tried again at the King’s Bench, begs a pardon for 
his pretended offence. [S.P. Dom., Our. TI. 264, No. 126.] 


Warrant to the sheriff of Yorkshire to suspend the execution of 
Roger Carr, condemned at York Assizes for clipping coin, in order 
that he may prosecute his discovery of other persons concerned in 
clipping and coining. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 28, f. 29.] 


Ma. Anderton to Williamson. The 70,0007. advanced by the — 
Farmers of the Revenue in Ireland, for the supply and pay of the 
army there, has arrived, and been shipped on board the Swallow of 


CHARLES II. 463 


1669 
Chester, bound for Dublin. Since the proclamation for suppress- 
ing conventicles, and the order of the justices thereupon, there has 
been a greater obedience to the established Government in the 
Church, and no meetings have been held, except by the Fifth 
Monarchy men; a parcel of them were found together on Sunday 
last, but were dispersed by the military, who took the principals, to 


be proceeded against according to law. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 264, 
No. 127.) 


Aug. 28. John Powell to Hickes. The Roebuck has arrived from the 

Milford. Downs ; the Providence of Southampton, bound for Newfoundland, 
having sprung a leak, was forced back again, and now intends 
selling her goods, and giving over the voyage, it being too late in 
the year to pursue it. [Zbid. No. 128.] 


Aug. 28. Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 129.] 


Aug. 29. Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The ship is here that waits to 
Portsmouth. transport the Governor of Tangiers. [Zbid. No. 130.] 


Aug. 29. Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Arrival! of 9 merchant ships, which 
Deal. have since sailed; no others are in the Downs. [Jbid. No. 131.] 


Aug. 29. Dr. Wm. Allestree to [Williamson]. I have returned from 
Breda. Holland, and am preparing for a journey to Paris, Lord Coventry 
having recommended me as an attendant to Mr. Curtin; he 
received me very kindly, but requiring me 3 days earlier than was 
appointed, I cannot expect to hear from you until I write you from 

France. [Jbid. No. 132.] . 


Aug. 29. Reprieve for John Temple, should he be sentenced to be burnt 
in the hand for polygamy. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, 
TELGI] . 


Aug. 29. Warrant to the Ordnance Commissioners to pay the pension and 
allowance due to Sieur de la Fabvoliére, as engineer, &., up to 
Michaelmas ; also 1007. as the King’s free gift, and to discharge him 
utterly from office. [Zbid.] 


[Aug. 29.] Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 264, No. 133.] 


Aug. 29. Order for a warrant to pay 50l. yearly to the Treasurer of King 
Charles's Hospital for poor children in St. Margarets parish, 
Westminster, founded by the late King, the revenues of which were 
never more than 1001. a year, and were half lost by the late dreadful 
fire in London. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 168.] 


Aug. [29.] Drafts of the above, dated July and August. [2 pages. SP. 
Dom., Car. 1I. 264, Nos. 134, 1344.] 


Aug. 29. Privy seal for 1,0007, to the Earl of Ancram, out of the King’s 
part of the tin that shall be recovered and sold. Minute. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 168.] 


Aug. 29. The King to the Clerks of the Privy Seal, and the heirs, executors, 


Court o &c., of those who are deceased since Lord Robartes was made 
Whitehall. Keeper of the Privy Seal. Lord Robartes having resigned to us 


464: 


1669. 


[Aug. 30.] 


Court at 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


all his right to the fees which have been collected to his use, by 
virtue of his office, for passing privy seals, we require you to pay 
to Gideon Mobileau all sums that you have collected for privy 
seals; and upon payment, you will receive discharge therefrom. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II. .64, No. 135. See p. 435, supra. ] 


Petition of Brome Whorwood to the King. On my petition 
showing that during the usurpation, on a petition of my wife tothe . 
then Commissioners of the Great Seal, (I being obnoxious to them 
for my loyalty), she procured a decree in June 1659, in my absence, 
that I should pay her 300/. a year from Feb. 1656-7 to the date of 
the decree, being 750/., and continue the same yearly, from my lands 
in Staffordshire, whilst we live apart. After the Restoration, I was 
served with a Chancery process to perform this decree, and for not 
complying, my estate was sequestered. 


At length you settled the difference by an award of 18 Feb. 
[1663-4. See Calendar, p. 488], that I should settle part of my estate 
on trustees for payment of the 3007. a year ; but this I conceive was 
only meant to be for the time that I was content to live apart, but 
not to give her liberty to live away from me longer than I chose. 
Yet the decree was kept on foot, and I threatened with sequestra- 
tion, and my house and grounds would have been ruined, had I not 
taken what conveyances were obtruded on me. I was also forced to 
pay 500l. in part of the arrears of alimony, and you ordered pay- 
ment of 500/. on 20 Aug. 1668, in lieu of all remainders of alimony, 
which sum was also paid. 

My wife then complained of the sequestration expenses, and you 
ordered that she should bear what she had already paid, but that I 
should pay what was unpaid. On this she and her agents advanced 
their bills to 1,000/., and although this was paid, another sequestra- 
tion was ordered, because I had not performed your award. On 
16 July last, I applied to you, ard you referred me to the Lord 
Keeper and Attorney and Solicitor-General. They summoned my 
wife, but she would not appear, and is carrying on several trials 
these assizes to gain my estate. I beg you to appoint a time when 
you can hear me yourself, and order my relief. 

With order thereon that the Lord Keeper, before whom the matter 
betwixt Whorwood and his wife is depending in the Court of Chan- 
cery, is to be at liberty at the hearing to proceed to the determina- 
tion thereof, according to the equity of the whole matter, and as if 
his Majesty had not interposed therein, Mrs. Whorwood declining 
his Majesty’s extra judicial judgment; this is not to be in any 
way conclusive to his lordship in making a decree, but he is to 
proceed as if nothing had been done or ordered by his Majesty. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 65.] 


Copy of the said order. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 264, No. 136.] 
Annexing, 


Order in Council of 18 Feb. 1663-4, above alluded to. 
[2 copies, Ibid. Nos. 1361, 138611] 


1669. 


Aug. 30. 


Falmouth. 


Aug. 30. 


Pendennis. 


Aug. 30. 


Beaudesert. 


79380. 


CHARLES II, 465 


Petition of Jane Whorwood to the King, to take cognisance of 
the fact that her husband has receded from, and left wnper- 
formed the orders made by his Majesty on 18 Feb. 1663-4, 
upon hearing the differences between them. With note by 
Lord Arlington that the husband denies this. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 264, No. 136111.] 


Release and discharge by John Cock, Wm. Garfield, ana Wm. 
Knight, for the sums of 4851. 1s. 8d., and of 5481. 3s. 9d.— 
deducting 381. 3s. 9d. allowed to Whorwood for seizure and 
sale of cattle—due to them as commissioners or sequestra- 
tors of Broome Whorwood’s estate—7 Mar. 1666-7. [Ibid. 
No. 1361Vv.] 

Decree or order of the Master of the Rolls—on the further hear- 
ing of cownsel in the suit of Jane Whorwood, plaintiff, and 
Broome Whorwood, defendant—confirming the former 
orders, and directing that for non-performance thereof, the 
sequestration against the defendants real and personal 
estate be revived, and that an injunction be issued against his 
tenants, to pay their rents to the Commissioners of Sequestra- 
tion, for the plaintif s use, unless cause be shown to the 
contrary on the next day of motions.—12 June 1667. 
[Zbid. No. 136v.] 


Declaration by his Majesty that, when he made a former order 
for the agreement of Brome Whorwood and his wife, and 
reconciling the differences betwixt them, he did not foresee 
the charges of the sequestration that was laid on Whorwood’s 
estate, nor did he intend that the swme should be remitted, or 
he discharged thereof; yet nevertheless he thinks that what has 
been paid by reason of the sequestration by Mrs. Whorwood, 
she ought to bear without any reimbursement, but that what 
is due to any officers, or other persons vn the country, by 
reason thereof, shall be paid and satisfied by the said 
Mr. Whorwood.— Whitehall, 11 Aug. 1666. [Lbid. No. 136v1.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. The Carolina and 2 other vessels came 
in, and have put to sea again with 100 emigrants from Ireland, 
bound for a new plantation called Carolina; several families 
are coming there from Barbadoes, New England, and Virginia, as 
the plantation is likely to prove very advantageous. The John and 
Thomas has also arrived to take in pilchards. [Jbid. No. 187.] 


F. B. [Francis Bellott] to Williamson. To the same effect; par- 
ticulars of the arrival of other ships. [Zbzd. No. 138.] 


Sir B. Broughton to Williamson. Tomlinson said if liberty was 
not given to attend conventicles, there would soon be war, and 
people would have their throats cut. [hope to hear whether I should 
make further prosecution of Tomlinson, as he was an eminent officer ; 
those alluded to in the enclosure are only considerable by being 
members of a grand conventicle. [Jbid. No. 139.] Annewing, 

Depositions of Thos. Hodson, and Thos. Brabins of Bromley 
Regis, and Thos. Bullephant of Longden, before Sir Bryan 
GG 


Aug. 30. 


Yarmouth. 


Aug. 30. 


Carlisle. 


Aug. 31. 


Portsmouth. 


Aug. 31. 
Staveley. 


Aug. [31.] 


Hoddesdon, 
Tuesday. 


Aug. 31. 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Broughton, that Wm. Oliver, husbandman, and his two sons, 
Richard and Thomas, overtaking Thos Hodson on the road, 
they without any provocation called him a Cavalier rogue, 
struck him, and said he would soon have his throat cut. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 264, No. 1391.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. The person who tore down the 
proclamation against conventicles at the Market Cross is known, 
but it has been passed over as a foolish unadvised act. Woodroffe 
the bailiff sent for 3 chiefs of the independent faction, and advised 
them to forbear meeting, but Thos. Lucas refused, and said the 
bailiffs had nothing to do with it. Mr. Rowe and Gabriel Wood- 
roffe, brother to the present bailiff, were elected bailiffs for the 
ensuing year, after a long opposition between Clement Feltham, 
and Rich. Huntington, an alderman, Ald. Thaxter, Justice Michael 
Tills, and his son. They laid aside the Act ordering the Sacrament 
to be taken, as not half [the corporation] had taken it, and this had 
been done at Norwich and elsewhere. Two ships have arrived 
from Gallipoli, and another from Dantzic. [bid. No. 140.] 


Chris. Musgrave to [Williamson]. I owe the favour received 
from Lord Arlington to your friendship. Baron Turner gave in 
charge the law against conventicles, and the justices have issued 
out their warrants for presenting those who are absent from church, 


-and will proceed upon the statute for 12 pence a Sunday, which 


they conceive the best way to reclaim the rabble. The Baron was 
acquainted with the actings of some of the justices at the Christmas 
sessions of the gaol delivery, and was much dissatisfied therewith. 
I hope that business will be so prepared that they may be made 
sensible of their error. Mr. Curwen was prosecuted with great zeal, 
but it was only proved to be manslaughter. [Jbid. No. 141.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The ship which has the goods 
and retinue of the Governor of Tangiers is still at Spithead, waiting 
for him. [Jbid. No. 142.] 

Lord Frescheville to Williamson. Pardon my impudent impor- 
tunity, but if Lord Arlington will not put the Lords of the Treasury 
in mind of my little affair, they will let it alone to the end of my 
lease, which is of a longer date, in all probability, than my life. 
[Zbid. No. 143.] 


J. Williamson to Rob. Francis. I send a letter for Lord Arling- 
ton, and two seals to be delivered to Swaddell for the use of the 
office ; send all my letters by John, Lady Katherine’s servant, as also 
extracts of all letters by each post to Mr. Ford, my Lord Lieu- 
tenant’s secretary. You are to let Mr. Ellis have the news, and 
to send Mr. Povey’s letter as soon as received. [Ibid. No. 144.] 


Rob. Francis to [Williamson]. I have sent all your letters, and 
beg pardon for my neglect in that kind. The Queen has been 
abroad incognito with Lady Arlington all day, and has not yet 
come in; I left word with a page that you charged me to 
acquaint her with all if she came, but now I suppose she will 
hardly write. I delivered the gloves to Lady Falmouth’s woman, 


1669. 


Aug. 31. 


Farnham. 


Aug. 31. 
Chatham. 


Aug. 31. 


Portsmouth. 


Aug. 


Londoa. 


Aug. 


Aug. 
London. 


Aug. ? 


[Aug.] 


CHARLES II. 467 


and spoke to Arthur about the bows. I have got the map of 
Candia from Mr. Chiffinch, who this day, in great affliction, puts on 
his mourning. I have a letter for Lord Arlington from Mr. Povey, 
as also the list from the Downs, which either I, Bridgeman, or 
Richards will deliver. I pray for your safe return. [2 pages. 
S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 264, No. 145.] 


[J. Williamson] to Rob. Francis. Pray send my silver seal, which 
I forgot, and my letters by express, when the French packet comes 
in; present my services to Lady Anderson and the other ladies 
there. Youare to attend the office constantly, and to get the French 
and Latin poetry fairly transcribed. [Zbid. No. 146.] 


Edw. Gregory and J. Wilson to the Navy Commissioners. We 
send an account of old provisions and stores, sold by inch of candle 
in May 1669, and delivered by your warrant. [Zbid. No. 147] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I send a 
tender for supply of some provisions. The price is somewhat dear 
for the country, but it is well conditioned, and I may get some 
small abatement. Mr. Coles can furnish a parcel of plank. I paid 
the extra ropemakers and labourers their quarter, and intend to 
pay the ordinary, and the 2 months to the extra, to-morrow. Names 
of 3 calkers pressed who have not appeared. [Jbid. No. 148.] 


Marie Crane to Madame “ your highness.” All the family are deeply 
grateful for your favours to my sister, who has the honour of being 
with your highness, and we implore the benedictions of heaven 
upon you. [2 pages. French. Ibid. No. 149.] 


Copy of the above. [Ibid. Nos. 150, 151.] 


Certificate that the proofs given of the nobility of the family 
of Jane Crane are from English heralds, who are officers sworn 
to verify pedigrees and contracts of marriage, though this is 
not done in other countries, where the contracts remain with the 
notaries ; but these proofs show that the family is of the ancient 
nobility, and that the descendants are gentlemen, and capable of 
any distinction. [French. Ibid. No. 152.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of 
Rich. Pendrill, for a lease in reversion of 6 closes of land in Sandbach 
parish, co. Chester. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 56.] 


Pet. of Thos. Moore, soldier, to the King. Standing sentinel near 
St. James’ Park, and ordered to let none pass, Thos. Cook came 
running down, and in spite of remonstrances, leaped over the ditch. 
I struck him with the muzzle end of a musket, of which blow he 
died. I was sent to Newgate thereon, but the trial being on a 
point of law, it is to be before the judges, when they return from 
their several circuits, and not till after next term, and meanwhile 
I must perish in prison. I beg his Majesty’s pardon for my offence. 
[See p. 470, infra. S.P. Dom., Car. IL. 264, No. 153.] 

List signed by Lord Arlington of 14 indigent officers, appointed to 
share the advantages of the Irish Plate Lottery, in proportions 


specified. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, p. 166.] 


468 


1669. 
Aug. 


Aug. 


Aug. 


Court at 


Whitehall. 


Aug. 


Court at 


Whitehall. 


Aug. 


Court at 


Whitehall. 


Aug. 
Deal. 


Sept. 1. 
Plymouth. 


Sept. 1. 
Falmouth. 


Sept. 1. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


- 


Warrant to the Master of the Great Wardrobe, for necessaries for 
the King’s closet, according to former precedent. [Docquet, Vol. 24, 
No. 85.] 


Warrant for payment to Prince Rupert of 3,500., which he has 
disbursed on the King’s service, on promise of speedy repayment ; 
the said sum to be paid from the revenue for Ireland, after payment 
of the arrears of the army there, and of the balance yet unpaid for 
Audley End, bought by his Majesty from James, Earl of Suffolk. 
[2 pages.. K.P. Dom., Car. TI. 264, No. 154.] 


Warrant for a pardon from the sentence of death passed last 
assizes against Wm. Nicholas, Owen Brickwood, and Hannah 
Gowler, for robbery, and for their transportation to the foreign 
plantations. [2 copies. Ibid. Nos. 155, 156.] 


Warrant to the bailiff of Wisbech Castle, Isle of Ely, to order the 
transportation of the said persons accordingly. [Zbid. No. 157.] 


Warrant by Lord Arlington to the postmasters on the northern 
road, to provide Col. Mowbray with two posthorses and a guide, to 
carry him to and from London to West Chester, at the usual post 
rate. [Jbid. No. 158.] 


Lists sent by Morgan Lodge to Williamson, of King’s and mer- 
chant ships in the Downs, and the state of the wind. 


Vol. 364 | Date, | King’s wer | wind. Vol. 24. | Date, pee Sit | Wina 
160 es 3 1 L1 | W.byS. 171 =| Aug. 17 ] 2 — 
Kia ae a aan 4 S: KA o a 4 |W.S.W. 
w a Ga ARENE aaa a ON 5 | W.S.W. 
163 ME e eee] el 3 — VA A a y S. 
A SAE EWS W 175 | ,, 23] 1 1 | SSE. 
16h, 101 ds PLL S Wee Cee ery 1 | SE. 
166 e PI) Oe ad ate Veer hee cool) te E 
1670s 8 leone 5 E 178<1 6) as 1 | SW. 
168-.| 3, 24 98 7 26 | OSA ie Wa ES int 6 N. 
reon N E N igori IN 2 | NE 
VO lsd EO Slee oe, oe ie 


John Clarke to Hickes. All the ships have left that put in here 
by contrary winds. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 264, No. 181.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. To the same effect as his letter to 
Hickes of 30 Aug. Also, the Jacob’s Ladder has arrived from 
Sally, and reports that 6 English prizes were brought in there by 
some Algiers men-of-war, and that the Sally men-of-war take the 
Hollanders, and carry them into Algiers, on account of the Holland- 
ers having a free trade with Sally ; so that betwixt both, they let 
few pass that they meet with. [bid. No. 182.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect as the latter part of the 
above. [Jbid. No. 183.] 


1669. 


Sept. 1. 
Edinburgh. 


[Sept. 1.] 
[ Whitehall. ] 


Sept. 1. 


Sept. 1. 


Castle Cornet. 


Sept. 1. 
Deptford. 


. Sept. 1. 
Chatham 
Ropeyard. 


Sept. 1. 
Chatham. 


Sept. 1. 
Chatham. 


CHARLES II. 469 


John Snell to Rob. Francis. A weed or grain, growing among 
oats and barley in the West of Scotland, makes the ale or beer so 
intoxicating that a gill “will fuddle a man more than a gallon of 
other drink,” and the very bread makes people fall asleep. It is 
called roseger, or in Latin lolium. [S.P. Dom., Car. IJ. 264, 
No. 184.] 


Petition of Peter Ricaut to the King, for a grant of such discoveries 
as he shall make of moneys concealed between 1643 and 1659, by 
treasurers, receivers, bailiffs, collectors, &c., and not pardoned. His 
sufferings for loyalty during the late unhappy wars have brought 
him to utter ruin. [Jbid. No. 185.] 


Reference of the above petition to the Treasury Commissioners. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 70.] 


Sir Jon. Atkins to Williamson. I send you particulars, which 
T request you to send to Lord Arlington, of the French loss at 
Candia; they conceal the truth as much as they can. The French 
talk very briskly of a breach with the Hollander. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 264, No. 186.] Enclosing, 


List of 13 French officers killed, and 10 wounded at Candia. 
There are in all 160 officers hurt, and 30 of the King’s 
mousquetaires killed, and 31 hurt, beside a great number of 
volunteers. There were at least 1,800 lost wpon that design. 
[Zbid. No. 1861.] 


Thos. Turney and W. Fownes to the Navy Commissioners. We 
send a bill, wherein you may perceive that Mr. Hosier assumes a 
power not given him in his instructions, and has no authority to 
sign his name above ours. It was never known that an examiner 
set his hand above the particulars, but below; pray order where 
he shall sign. Our places are of ancient standing, and ever since 
there was a Navy, and for a young new officer to undervalue them 
will prove to opr discouragement, and of no good service to his 
Majesty. [Zbid. No. 187.] . 


John Owen to the Navy Commissioners. All the ground tow in 
the stores was sold to [John] Gould at the sale in May, but he has 
neither been to view it, nor to fetch it away. [Zbid. No. 188.] 


Capt. John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. I send the store- 
keeper’s account of provisions demanded and received, by which 
you may the better see what is unsupplied. Timber, spars, &e., are 
very much wanted. I sent Thos. Hindley—found guilty of stealing 
the ropes by which the masts were made fast — on board the 
Sovereign, and caused him to be put in the bilboes, till I receive your 
opinion what shall be done with him, as to corporal punishment or 
imprisonment. [Jbid. No. 189.] 


Certificate by W. Rand and 2 others, that they surveyed 32 casks 
of beef and 6 casks of pork, which they found so rotten as not to 
be fit for the service. [Zbid. No. 190.] 


470 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. 

Sept. 1. Certificate by Sir Jer. Smith and Rear-Admiral Harman, 21 Oct. 
1665, that 22 Dutch prisoners named were victualled on board the 
Resolution for 14 or 17 days; total, 323 days. With note, 1 Sept. 
1669, that the allowance is for 216 men for a day. [S.P Dom., 
Car. TI. 264, No. 191.] 


Sept. 1. Certificate by Rear-Admiral Harman, of casks, iron hoops, and 
The Resolution. bags, spent on board the Resolution, 21 Oct. 1665. With note by 
Sir Jer. Smith, 1 Sept. 1669, that the casks only are to be allowed 

[Ibid. No. 192.] 


Sept. 2. Thos. Turner to the Navy Commissioners. I send you the account 
Deptford. ordered. [Ibid. No. 193.] Enclosing, 

Account by Thos. Turner and W. Fownes of decayed provisions 

sold by the candle, 10 May 1669; with the names of the 

buyers, and the amount received. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 1931] 


Sept. 2. Ben. Boate to the Navy Commissioners. I send the names of 
Deptford. 6 calkers pressed and summoned to appear at Portsmouth, distin- 
guishing those who did not appear. [Jbid. No. 194.] 


Sept. 2. St. J. Steventon to the Navy Commissioners. I gave Commis- 

Portsmouth. sioner Tippetts a copy of the account 26 June last, since which 
time the money has been ready, and only wants order for its 
disposal. [Jbed. No. 195.] Encloses, 

Account of unserviceable provisions sold in the yard at Ports- 
mouth, 19 May 1669, total 358l. 19s. 74d.; with names of 
the buyers and particulars of the lots purchased. [Ibid. 
No. 1951.] 


Sept. 2. Thos. Addison to Williamson. I had no sooner settled in our 
Custom House, new dwelling than an extraordinary cold seized upon me, which has 
Waneraren prevented me from managing my affairs, or I would have returned 
thanks for the free despatch of my patent. Tell me if this poor: 
part of the world can afford anything that would pleasure you. 

[Zbid. No. 196.] 

Sept. 2. Isaac Basire, jun., to Rob. Francis. Can you supply the news- 
letters or not ? My father has not received one since his departure 
from London 6 weeks since. Pray write to him at Durham by to- 
night’s post. [Zbid. No. 197.] 

Sept. 2. Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The King is expected here to- 

Portsmouth. morrow, only to view the Navy and new fortitications, and return 
to Southampton. The Earl of Middleton has not yet arrived. 
[Zbid. No. 198.] 


Sept. 2. Jo. Cooke to Williamson. Ienclose a warrant signed by the King, 
Whitehall. for pardoning a sentinel [Thos. Moore] who killed a man. I sent it 
to the Attorney-General for him to prepare a bill, but hear that the 
man was not found guilty of manslaughter, as was supposed, but that 
the matter was left to a special verdict, for the judges to determine 
whether it was murder or manslaughter, so that the Attorney- 
General requires another warrant. Pray get such an one as will 
comprehend both murder and manslaughter, and then cancel the 
old one, and if you have power, countersign the new one, as my 
master [Sec. Trevor] and Lord Arlington are gone out of town, A 


1669. 


Sept. 2. 
Whitehall. 


Sept. 2. 


11 a.m. 


Sept. 2. 


ll a.m. 
Southampton. 


Sept. 2. 


Noon. 
Southampton. 


Sept. 2. 
- Whitehall. 


Sept. 2. 


CHARLES II. 471 


word as to when his Majesty may be expected will be useful, as it 
will enable me to advertise my master to govern his time accord- 
ingly. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 264, No. 199.] 


Post label from London to Winchester, for a packet [to William- 
son]; with note by Rob. Francis that as the packet is for his Majesty’s 
special service, the postmasters are required to give it a speedy 
despatch. [Zbid. No. 200.] 


Rob, Francis to Williamson. According to yours from Farnham, 
I sent your letters and the signet. The French and Latin copies of 
the French Treaty are in good forwardness. I gave your com- 
pliments to Dr. Jenkins, Lady Anderson, &c., and spoke to Mr. 
Wilkes about the house. Secretary Trevor is out of town. Mr. 
Gregory sends word that Alderman Backwell is not well, and that if 
you have any concerns there, he will have an eye as to his health, and 
give me notice of it from time to time; he also reports that Secretary 
Nicholas died last night. [Jbed. No. 201.] 


Jos. Williamson to Rob. Francis. I wrote by the King’s 
coachman for the silver signet which was left behind. Lord 
Arlington’s letters are to be directed to Althorpe up to Saturday, 
then to Kimbolton up to Tuesday, and after that to Lord Crofts’ at 
Saxham. I hope the bearer, the Duke of Mormouth’s gentleman, 
may arrive early enough for them to be sent to-night. I send 
letters to be forwarded ; send me all my foreign letters, and let 
extracts of them be sent to Lord Arlington and the Lord Keeper. 
Remember me to Lady Anderson and Mrs. Cox, and tell them that I 
will be their harbinger—they know where. [Jbid. No. 202.] 


Jos. Williamson to Rob. Francis. I sent you an hour ago some 
letters by a gentleman of the Duke of Monmouth, which you are to 
forward. I would have you get the Latin and English copy of the 
French project fairly transcribed, and make extracts from various 
papers of which I spoke to you. Remember me to Mr. Povey, and 
direct Mr. Wilkes to get the house ready. I request a supply of 
news—bills of mortality, letters, &¢—and all that comes from 
beyond sea. [Jbid. No. 203.] 

Rob. Francis to Williamson. I received your express by the 
Duke of Monmouth’s gentleman at Mr. Newcomb’s, where I was 
upon the narrative of Candia, which he wishes to hasten, hear- 
ing there is another in hand. I will send your letters to Lady 
Thomond and Mr. Hickes, and will enclose the extract; yours to 
his Lordship I send in Bridgeman’s packet. Your house goes on 
very fast, Mr. Wilkes having put workmen about it. I went to 
Lady Anderson’s, but she was out; I will go again and perform 
your commands. [14 pages. Noted as received at Southampton. 
Ibid. No. 204.] 


J. Russell to Rob. Francis. I have been with Mr. Newcomb, 
who says the corrector was upon the relation, and was Englishing 
it, but that it could not be done before to-morrow night. I waited long 
for you at the Angel; I wili be with you on Saturday morning. 
[Ibid. No. 205.] 


412 


1669. 
Sept. 3. 


10 a.m. 
Whitehall. 


Sept. 3. 


6 a.m. 
Court at 
Southampton. 


Sept. 3. 
Chirk Castle. 


Sept. 3. 
Plymouth. 


Sept. 3. 
Chatham. 


Sept. 3. 
Chatham. 


Sept. 3. 


Portsmouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Post label from London to Alton, for a packet to Williamson. With 
note by Rob. Francis that it is to have speedy despatch, being for 
his Majesty’s special service. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 264, No. 206.] 


Jos. Williamson to Rob. Francis. I expect a word from you 
in a few hours by Mr. Booty, the Duke of Monmouth’s gentleman. 
You are to forward all letters, and to remember me to Mr. Gregory 
and Lady Anderson. Write to me frequently, and even on Sunday 
by express, for then you will have had your French letters. 
Swaddell has orders to report the movements of the King, and 
whatever else happens of news. Alexander must get the lodgings 
cleansed, during the absence of the Court. [Jbid. No. 207.] - 


Lord Herbert, of Cherbury, to Williamson. I desire the news. 
Letters may be sent to Sir Richard Wynn’s at Gwidir, to the care of 
the Conway postmaster. Thanks for civilities received ; I am dis- 
contented and melancholy, and I take more interest in business and 
public affairs than in hunting, hawking, or other country sports, 
which have no value with me. Remember me to Lord Arlington, 
I am waylaying the Lord Lieutenant with some impatience, for 
Michaelmas riggs are dangerous in these narrow seas. I wonder 
the Duke of Ormond takes so late notice of Lord Meath. I re- 
member the discourse of Court two years since. [Jbid. No. 208.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. Arrival of a small vessel laden with 
pitch, and of 7 colliers from Wales. [Jbid. No. 209.] 


Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. Without 
a speedy supply of plank of all sorts, I must discharge the joiners, 
and cannot carry on the works of the Newcastle, and the new ship 
building. 

What is to be done with Thos. Hindley, he being at present in the 
bilboes on board the Sovereign? The bricks, tiles, &c., contracted 
for when Sir John Mennes was here, are partly brought in, but I 
find a stop has been put to it, by their hearing that they shall have 
to go to London for their money, which will be a great hindrance. 
Let sufficient be imprested to Mr. Gregory, Clerk of the Cheque, 
for carrying on the works. The 14 lasts of tar arrived will be ex- 
pended in a fortnight, there being such great want of it in the rope 
house. Little is done in weighing the wrecks at the Mussle Bank, 
but I shall be there myself to-morrow, and will give a further 
account. [Zbid. No. 210.] 


Edw. Gregory and 3 others to the Navy Commissioners. We 
have viewed the wreck of the Marmaduke, and find neither tackle 
nor furniture; we appraise her bare hull at 1451. Noted to be sold 
22 Sept. by the candle at Chatham. [Jbid. No. 211.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I have 
stopped the wages of Driver, boatswain of the York, and others, for 
reasons mentioned. I desire directions as to Thos. Hunt’s informa- 
tion ; I suppose he is able to discover as much as any man of that 
kind of thievery, having used the trade himself, but of late given it 
off. I should be glad if the rest would do so, but cannot expect it 


1669. 


Sept. 54. 
Castle Cornet. 


Sept. 4. 


The Revenge, 
off Cape Tenes. 


Sept. 4. 
Ambleside. 


Sept. 4. 
Lyme. 


Sept. 4. 
Milford. 


Sept. 4. 
Sept. 4. 


11 a.m. 
Court at 
Southampton. 


CHARLES II. 473 


unless some of them are taken and punished. The watch had nearly 
taken two on Sunday night, who had taken hold of a strand of 
17 threads, and drawn it out of the rope-house with a hooked 
stick ; but seeing the watch, they fled. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 264, 
No. 212.] Encloses, 


Account by H. Salesbury of articles required aboard the York, 
to complete the bostswain’s remains.—22 June 1669. [Lbid. 
No. 2121.] 


Sir Jon. Atkins to Williamson. A vessel from Toulon re- 
ports that the Admiral frigate of France is now there, and with 
him a Basha from the Grand Seignior, with 20 in his train, going 
to Paris to negotiate with the French King. [JZbid. No. 213.] 


Sir Edw. Spragg to Williamson. I have to-day taken a Turkish prize 
on my way to Algiers, where I hope to find Sir Thos, Allin. It wasa 
Dutchman, and had been taken by the Turks off Lisbon. There 
were 12 Turks and Moors aboard, the chief of whom says we shall 
have no reason to war with them, as the Algerines have got the 
money together to make any reasonable satisfaction we can demand. 
I beg to be remembered to Lord Arlington, and to be favoured with 
a letter. [Zbid. No. 214.] 


Rich. Brathwait to Williamson. I wonder at not receiving any 
account concerning the bargain made by your brother George on 
your behalf, and cannot understand why I should be fooled by 
either of you, as the day I made the bargain with your brother, I 
could have had as much money, and all paid within a month ; while 
it is now 14 weeks since the contract was made, and all things 
hang in suspense. If I cannot make a good estate, free from all 
encumbrances, I shall not require it of you. You will not be guilty 
of doing so great an injury as to decline the bargain, without giving 
a just reason for it. [Jbid. No. 215.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. A vessel from Barbadoes with sugar 
reports the good condition of that island, and a fruitful crop of 
sugar the last season. A ship from Morlaix with linen reports 
that the French are very diligent in carrying on their dock houses 
at Brest; that 2 great ships are on the stocks there, and that drums 
are beating every day, for hands to carry on the works. Several 
vessels are in this port outward bound. [Jbid. No. 216.] 


John Powell to Williamson. The Roebuck left for Holyhead, to 
transport Lord Robartes to Dublin. [Zbid. No. 217.] 


John Powell to Hickes. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 218.] 


Jos. Williamson to Rob, Francis. The King having heard 
of the death of the Queen Mother, has resolved to return, with the 
whole Court, to Hampton Court, and has appointed a Council to be 
held immediately. As he will remain there 14 days, we must 
think of transferring our office there, and desire you to send sta- 
tionery, &c., and confer with Lady Arlington and her servant, 


ATA 


1669. 


Sept. 4. 
2 Ppa. 


P 
Whitehall. 


Sept. 4. 


7pm., 
Whitehall. 


Sept. 4 & 5 


London. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Alexander, as to fitting up lodgings at Hampton for Lord Arling- 
ton on his arrival, and keeping the tables, for all the tables are 
ordered to be kept there. 

Direct Secretary Trevor to repair to Hampton Court, and let orders 
be taken about his lodgings; forward the enclosure to Lord Arlington 
at Kimbolton or Althorpe. I will be at Hampton on Monday, and 
hope Mr. Marriott, the housekeeper, will find mea lodging. Tell 
Mr. Coling, at the Lord Chamberlain’s, of the King’s resolve. 

Let Mr. Perrott hear that the Queen died at 4 a.m. on Tuesday, 
at Colombiers near Paris, after a long indisposition, with great 
regret to that Court, and with infinite affliction to his Majesty and 
his Royal Highness, who received advice of it this morning by 
express. Mr. Perrot is also to take notice of the death of Sir Edw. 
Nicholas, one of his Majesty’s Privy Council, and Secretary of State, 
as well to his Majesty as to his late Royal father; he died at his 
house at Horsley, in Surrey, after a long and tedious sickness. 
Inform Sir Rob. Southwell, or the Clerk of the Council, that the 
King will expect to meet the Lords on Monday night at Hampton 
Court, and that I will be at their service if necessary; give 

{these two words to Dr. Jenkins, and let me have his reply. Send 
me my letters and the Book of Treaties, news-books, &c., to 
Hampton Court. [22 pages. SP. Dom., Car. II. 264, No. 219.] 


Rob. Francis to Williamson. I send letters, as also an express 
from the Lord Ambassador, by desire of Mr. Nott. I have had 
them extracted for the Gazette, and Mr. Perrot has made use of 
them for the same purpose. Pray pardon my omissions through 
ignorance. Mr. Petits Gazette and Vernon’s letter came by 
the same express, so we may have none from them to-morrow. 
[14 pages. Ibid. No, 220.] 


Rob. Francis to [Williamson.] I despatched an express to you 
not many hours since, so have nothing further to communicate. 
I waited on Lady Anderson and the rest of the ladies, and send 
their services, as also a letter from Mrs. Cox to Lady O’Brien. 
I will discharge the further commands contained in the packet sent 
by Col. Whitley to that family to-morrow; pray get a bill of Lord 
Ancram’s signed by the King, as soon as possible. I gave the 
Lord General and Lord Keeper extracts of the letters, and left a 
note for Mr. Povey. [14 pages. Ibid. No, 221.] 


. James Hickes to Williamson. Sir Henry Blunt is dead; I suppose 


the death of the Queen Mother and my old master, Sir Edw. 
Nicholas, is no news. Mr. Ellis is confined to his chamber with 
sickness, but Mr, Weeks and Mr. Cook dined with him here to-day. 
He says that Weeks is more diligent at Alderman Backwell’s, who is 
dangerously ill, than in looking after your stewardship. It is a sickly 
time, and the distemper violent and dangerous. P.S—Sept. 5, 
at 4a.m. I have received yours of the 4th, and a packet of letters 
for Mr. Francis; particulars of their despatch to Lord Arlington 
and others. I will send your letters to Hampton Court as they 
arrive. [24 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 265, No. 1.] 


CHARLES II. 475 


Sept. 5. Rob. Francis to [Williamson]. I received your express, and am 

Sunday, going to take orders for what you commanded. I doubt if Lord 

Whitehau. Atlington will be in town so soon; I find that Mr. Coling did not 
intend sending to the Lord Chamberlain until last night. .[S.P. 
Dom., Car. IT. “265, No. 2.] 


Sept. 5. Rob. Francis to Williamson. I send letters received, as Mr. Hickes 
Post Office, wished his to be forwarded express. I gave Alexander his directions, 
am- got Mr. Wilkes his letter to Mr. Marriott, and delivered the letters 
at Wallingford House, the Duchess of Ormond’s and Dr. Jenkins’, 
with my own hand. I shall have an answer from Dr. Jenkins to- 
morrow, but he desires the longest time that can be allowed. I 
will attend the Clerk of the Council, as soon as I get back to the 
office. [Zbid. No. 3.] 


Sept. 5. Earl of Bath to Williamson. His Majesty has perused your 

Sunday. packet, which he opened in your absence, as coming by express, 
he supposed there were letters therein for him. He found one 
for himself from the French Ambassador, and another to his Royal 
Highness, and returned the rest, which I forward. [Jbid. No. 4.] 


Sept. 5. Rich. Watts to Williamson. A ship from Holland reports that 


Deal. war has broken out between France and the Dutch; ships from 
Barbadoes and Virginia report both those places quiet. [Jbid. 
No. 5.1 


Sept. 5. Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Governor of Tangiers 
Portsmouth. cannot get to sea, as the wind is contrary ; all things are quiet. 


[Zbid. No. 6.] 


Sept. 5. Hilaire Decry to Rob. Francis. I must apologise for being a 

Oxford. dilatory correspondent. I have been some time at Shrewsbury, and 
thence to Mr. Leighton’s, where I met a young lady who sings 
charmingly, is a niece of your cousin, and kisses your hands. 
I want the French Gazettes once a week. [French. Ibid. No. 7.] 


Sept. 5. John Clarke to Hickes. The John of London has arrived, and 
_ Plymouth. a ship from the Caribbee Islands. [Jbid. No. 8.] 


Sept 5. Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I desire 

Portsmouth. directions on Rich. Faulkner’s information. I demanded why he 

concealed the matter until this time; he answered that he was an 

apprentice, and bound to keep his master’s secrets. I know not 

what truth there is in the charge, but it is too evident that the 

practice is much in use; I should be glad to see the guilty found 

and punished, that others might be afraid to do the like. I sup- 

pose this matter had never been mentioned but that a difference 

happened between the master and servant; the master, going 

to correct the servant, was beaten by him, and the servant, being 

‘turned out of doors, expected his wages from the King. I have 
forborne payment until your advice be had. 

The hoy with spruce deals arrived; I desire that the brass and 

lignum vite shivers and blocks for the new ship may be sent, as 


476 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. 
I cannot launch without them. Particulars of the sizes required. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 265, No. 9.] Eneloses, 


Information of Rich. Faulkner, ropemaker. About 2 years 
since, being apprenticed to Ralph Heather, I was com- 
manded by him to go aboard divers of his Majesty's ships 
in the harbour at Portsmouth to fetch goods. I brought 
2 hawsers and a cable from the Ostrich hulk, &c., and with 
the help of my fellow-servant Roye, lodged them in my 
master’s storeroom. Also information of Henry Roye. 
I went aboard the Ostrich hoy while serving Ralph Heather, 
and brought away old splices and clenches to my master’s 
house.—3 Sept. 1669. [Lbid. No. 91.] 


Sept. 5.: Certificate by Col. John Strode, that the Lenox was sent from 
Dover to Chatham, and was cleaned and tallowed for the service, 
and that he paid 301. for her fitting. [Zbid. No. 10.] 


Sept. 6. Commissioner J. Cox to the Navy Commissioners. I shall provide 

Chatham. brooms and buckets, for the service, and desire to know the prices 
of candles sent, which were much broken, that I may deal for them 
here. Isendan account from the master shipwright of things re- 
quired, and of what may be purchased here. I find no engine in 
store, and the old ones were sent up to be repaired; I leave it to 
your consideration if a fire should happen. 

I went to Mussle Bank, and stayed for the lifting of one of the 
ships ; I have spared them for one day more the same help they had 
the last three days, so as to get her further on to the bank. Three 
more are left, which will save charge if blownup. I will send the 
fellow charged with stealing the rope before a justice at Maidstone, 
but I believe he will only be imprisoned ; by the time of the Assizes, 
he will learn his lesson to plead not guilty, having no witness to 
bind over to prosecute. Capt. Pyne tendered a shipload of Norway 
hes and I have sent Mr. Lawrence to view it. [2 pages. Ibid. 

o. 11.] 


Sept. 6. Capt. W. Hannam and John Rudd to the Navy Commissioners. 

Woolwich. We have made the north shore clean of wrecks, and the House of 
Swede is almost clear, there being only some of the bottom left, 
which will do no damage. We intend to blow away the stern post 
of the Phenix and lay a buoy, so that our whole work is merely 
to clear her. [Jbid. No. 12.] 


Sept. 6. Capt. John Narbrough to Col. Thos. Middleton. I have 
Sweepstakes, discharged my men to 80, and shall send the muster-books 
Downs. ste 
next post. I expect my provisions from Dover, and have room to 
take in a month’s more bread and flesh, having little or nothing 
between decks. I want a hawser and 6 tarred lines, and will 
charge my boatswain with them. [Jbid. No. 13.] 


Sept. 6. Levant Company to Sir Dan. Harvey, ambassador. We acknow- 
London. ledge receipt of letters; we notice your meeting with our ships 
going to Smyrna; the intimation you gave to your predecessor, 
the Earl of Winchelsea, of your arrival, and your pressing his 


1669. 
Sept. 6. 


CHARLES II. 477 


Lordship’s return, as it was expected by his Majesty and the Com- 
pany ; your delivery of our orders; your administering the oath 
for due payment of consulage ; and your reconciling the differences 
between the factors and others ; for all which we return thanks, 

We are sorry that no sufficient remedy can be found for the 
abuses in raw silk, but meantime you must have recourse to the 
method prescribed in our instructions, and enjoin the factors not 
to make advantage to themselves by the tare and weight of silk. 

We approve of what has been tendered by the Consul and Fac- 
tors at Smyrna, to be inserted in the capitulations, save the 
3rd Article——that transactions at Leghorn and other parts of Chris- 
tendom, between English and Armenians or Jews, shall not be called 
to account in Turkey ; and that writings at Leghorn, &c:, shall be 
evidence in Turkey ;—this clause you are to expunge, as it will 
be of no advantage to the trade of England with Turkey, but will 
tend to an increase of the trade between Turkey and Italy, and 
encourage the Armenians to enlarge their trade, and bring their own 
commodities into Christendom, which has already damaged our 
trade in Turkey. 

We do not understand the dragomen’s motion concerning ls. 5d. 
of brokage, pretended by them to be their ancient right, and to be 
now swallowed up by the Jews. The number of dragomen has 
always been limited, and we desire it may not be exceeded; and 
when an account of their number, and of the Giovanni di lingua 
has been received, we will consider their condition and requests, 
but shall not be willing to enlarge expense. 

We are satisfied with your opinion touching the proceedings of 
the Consul at Smyrna, about the Anne and Christopher, and the 
John and Abigail, as also the foreign vessel of Leghorn bearing 
English colours, whereby we might have been prejudiced; we 
desire that we may be eased of that fear, and that no ship may be 
permitted to carry English colours. 

We notice the information given to our Governor of apprentices 
being sent over with a few clothes, and being afterwards deserted 
by the master, which is an abuse; we will take time to consider 
redress. We are ashamed that any amongst us should so far forget 
the oath and engagements they are under, as to direct their factors 
contrary to our public orders. It is a practice we had cause to 
suspect was formerly in use, although not easy to be discovered ; 
could that be done, the business would be capable of a remedy, 
which would be of advantage to the Company and their trade. 

Your endeavours to suppress the false moneys have been very 
prosperous, and we hope to find the good effects in future trade. 
Be careful against admitting another sort of counterfeit coin in 
circulation in France and Germany, called lion dollars or “ abokelps.” 

Weare sorry if our treasurer at Smyrna, Rich. Langley, has given 
you distaste by forbidding Mr. Hedges to draw money upon him; but 
we observe that Mr. Hedges had then 2,600 dollars in hand ; and 
needed not to draw more. However, your entertainment will be 
punctually made good, and we hope there will be no occasion of urging 
our treasurers, or discouraging the thrift they are bound to observe. 


478 


1669. 


Sept. 6. 


London. 


Sept. 6. 


London. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Having formerly had disputes concerning the charge for shoot- 
ing guns in Turkey, we judged it necessary that some expense 
should be incurred upon some occasions, but have now resolved 
that the Company shall be at no charge, unless the Ambassador or 
Consul give express orders for the shooting, when they may allow 
one-third of a dollar for each gun round, and shall not exceed half- 
a-dollar for good guns, well Jaden; considering the cheapness 
of powder, this will be a competent rate, and be a means of pre- 
venting the masters from being too much the gainers, for what is 
as much for their own as the Company’s reputation, [4 pages. 
Levant Papers, Vol. 5, p. 211.] 


Levant Company to Wm. Hedges [Treasurer at Constantinop!e]. 
We are glad that affairs are carried on without disturbance, and 
presume you will use all endeavours to continue this, and,as promised, 
to lessen expenses. We observed in a letter from his lordship 
(Sir Dan. Harvey) that he had taken a dislike to Mr. Langley, for 
forbidding you to charge money upon him without order ; but as he 
probably had no cash, he did not amiss, and we observe that you 
had 2,579 dollars balance of account in hand. We have promised 
that his lordship shall be paid for his entertainment, and in case our 
ordinary duties there and at Smyrna fall short to defray that 
and other expenses, you are to draw bills for England upon our 
Treasurer. 

We received your two years’ accounts, which shall be perused, 
and an opinion given; but as we observe several extraordinary 
presents put to our account, without the occasion being shown, we 
desire further information. Resolution adopted as to firing guns, 
as mentioned in the letter to Sir D. Harvey. [Jbid. p. 215.] 


Levant Company to [Paul] Ricaut, Consul [at Smyrna]. We 
expect accounts of the interest made of the 2,000 dollars deposited 
by the owners of the Greyhound, and credit for half the capital, 
which is in our Treasurer’s hands. We approve your courses against 
the importation of false moneys, which have effected its abolition, 
but we caution you against a new sort of foreign coin, a great 
parcel of which was imported by the Genoa Merchant. 

We have your articles sealed, and the accounts of Mr. Mowse, 
which we shall settle with his executors. We expect you to satisfy 
us as to the exceptions to the former treasurers, and care to be 
taken for the brokes of interlopers’ cloth brought by our ‘general 
ships. Our letters of 9 Aug. 1667 will explain our meaning about 
the 159 dollars difference between treasurers Hedges and Langley. 

We are sorry you cannot redress the abuses in raw silks, as it 
much concerns the trade and poor of England. Meantime the 
factors must be enjoined not to take any silk without full allowance 
of tare, and what they receive from the silk merchants is to be 
made good by them to their principals. 

We are glad our affairs there stand so well, and the consulage is 
so considerable, and trust it will continue, by your care in prevent- 
ing fraud by concealment. Only disburse what is necessary, or we 
must except against your accounts; we except against 500 dollars 


1669. 


Sept. 6. 


London. 


CHARLES II. 479 


for furnishing your house, beside half the former Consul’s house 
rent; nor shall we allow hereafter 200 dollars usually paid the 
Consul beforehand for petty disbursements, but shall allow needful 
sums quarterly, so that they do not exceed 200 dollars a year. 

We find that a mitigation of strangers’ consulage, on goods consigned 
to our factors, though it might benefit particular men, would preju- 
dice the trade of England, and encourage that of Italy, and would 
endanger the privileges the English enjoy there, if our factors 
should colour their goods, and defraud the Grand Seignior of his due 
custom. But you are to use your discretion as to the favour to be 
allowed to those that trade in English ships, lest others undermine 
us by going cheaper. 

We observe your account about the Leghorn ship under English 
colours, and other ships; also about Mrs. Mason and her daughter. 
They had not our consent for going over, and it would be well to 
clear the place of both. 

From respect to you, we have ordered that your kinsman, 
James Ricaut, be Chancellor there during our pleasure, at 200 dollars a 
year; we have also ordered you a gratuity of 2,000 dollars, for your 
first two years’ employment, and 250 dollars for your expenses on 
the Countess of Winchelsea, and on your journey from Constanti- 
nople; but the exceptions already named will be deducted from this. 
Resolutions about discharge of powder in shooting guns. [Levant 
Papers, Vol. 5, p. 216.) 


Levant Company to Rich, Langley [Treasurer at Smyrna]. We 
have received several letters from you since ours of 8 Sept., and ac- 
knowledge your pains and care in our affairs, and commend your 
frugality, the want of which would have a bad influence; the dis- 
pleasure of the factors, and the complaints of your parsimony, will 
not act to your disparagement, since you do but your duty, and 
that tends to the advantage of a most considerable, though languish- 
ing trade, requiring all support. But we wonder that you kept so 
great a sum as 14,000 dollars, the balance of your account, and 
then charged 11,000 here without any apparent cause, and require 
an explanation thereon. 

We enclose a copy of a letter sent to the present Consul, 10 June, 
as to our concerns with the late Consul Cave, and beg you to assist in 
the business and only to retain 2,504 dollars, the interest due from 
the Greyhownd, and to deliver the rest of the estate, and the 
books and papers, to the administrators, and then render an 
account ; if the pawn was not in your hand, say where it is, when 
you need not doubt of receiving an indemnity from us. 

We have considered touching the consulage of strangers’ goods 
consigned to the Company’s factors, and the proposal for a mitiga- 
tion thereof to 1 per cent., in respect of the difficulty of its recovery, 
and the dependence of the factors upon employment by strangers; 
but as it would encourage the trade of Italy, and hinder that of 
England, and besides hazard the Company’s privileges in Turkey, 
we Shall still expect the full duty ; we desire that if any indulgence 
is shown, it may be upon our own ships, wherein the Consul has liberty 
to go so low that none may undermine us by going cheaper, so that 


480 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. 

the interest of English navigation may be improved. We notice 
your complaint of the irregularity of the Consul in sending away 
the Mary and Martha without notice, before your business was 
done ; but think the reason given by him that an embargo was 
feared is a sufficient excuse. Details of exceptions made to the 
Consul’s accounts. We shall continue to except against any charge 
for eating and drinking, or other novelties; where presents are 
made, the name and the occasion are to be stated, and your accounts 
are to be sent every 6 months. 

We have left tbe business of saluting to the Ambassador and 
Consul, and agreed that the Company shall be at no charge, unless 
they give express order in writing, when allowances are to be made, 
as mentioned in former letters. Sir D. Harvey complains of your 
forbidding Mr. Hedges to draw money; although we do not well 
understand the matter, we have excused it, supposing that he had 
good reason for it, and knowing that Hedges had money in hand at 
Constantinople. We have ordered Consul Ricaut 2,000 dollars as a 
gratuity for 2 years’ service, as also 250 more towards his expenses 
upon the Countess of Winchelsea, and his journey from Constanti- 
nople; but you are to deduct out of it the 500 dollars for furnishing 
the Consul’s house and half his house rent, in case it is already put 
to our account. [4 pages. Levant Papers, Vol. 5, p 219.] 


Sept. 6. Levant Company to [Benj.] Lannoy [Consul at Aleppo]. We ac- 

London. knowledge receipt of letters, with copies of your meetings held 
there, and particulars sent by you to Constantinople, to be inserted 
in the capitulations, as also certificates about Martin Loe. We 
observe the pains taken by you to prevent the circulation of base 
money, and caution you against the false dollars preparing in France 
and Germany. 

We approve of your not complying with the desire of the Genoa 
Resident, to employ the Company’s factor marine, which would be 
more hazard than benefit; also of your proceedings about the wet 
cloth brought up, and your agreement with the Emyn for customs, for 
which ryals of 8 were not to be had, and hope to find such uncer- 
tainty remedied in the new capitulations, by payment of lion dollars 
for customs. We notice your disputes and trouble with the masters 
concerning freight to be paid in Seville and Mexico coin, which 
is not to be had there under 20 per cent.; we will rectify that 
matter by a positive agreement with our ships. 

We are sensible of the damage done by the number of English 
ships expected at Scanderoon so soon after our general ships, but 
know not how to remedy it. We approve of your preserving 
English ships from the service of transporting the Turks to Candia. 

We have excepted against the accounts received from the Treasurer, 
they not being properly signed, and prescribed a mode to be adopted. 
We object to the charges for eating, drinking, and recreation ; if 
the factors will enjoy themselves, and go abroad with the Turks, it 
must be at their own cost; but the charge of 15 dollars for walking 
abroad in the night will be passed over, if it is of ancient standing, 
and customary with all nations. We are informed by our Husband 
that 40 barrels of tin were shipped in the Zante frigate by 


1669. 


Sept. 6. 


London. 


Sept. 6. 


Loddington. 


Sept. 6. 
Bristol. 


Sept. 6. 


Yarmouth. 


Sept. 6. 
Hull. 


793880. 


CHARLES II. 481 


Lancelot Hobson for London, but it has not been entered nor the 
duties paid, although security has been taken for it. [2} pages. 
Levant Papers, Vol. 5, p. 223.] 


Levant Company to Mun Brown [Treasurer at Aleppo]. We 
received your letters, with entries of ships and promise of accounts, 
the latter of which we expect. We need not enlarge, as you are quit- 
ting our employ as Treasurer, for which office we will shortly choose 
another, and have given instructions to the Consul, who will com- 
municate with you, or the person that may succeed you. [Jbid. 
p. 226.] 


Dr. Jos. Bentham to Williamson. I would have waited on you had 
I known of your sudden coming to Billing, but I know you are active 
for me. What I wrote about has been granted by the Archbishop’s 
means to Dr. Outram, who is worthy of it. Our bishop has issued 
citations to the Nonconformist preachers, who still continue their 
conventicles, to appear before him at Peterborovgh next court day. 
Browning, who was sent to gaol on Whitsunday for 3 months, 
returned to Rowel [Rothwell ?] a fortnight since in great triumph, 
and seeks to redeem the time lost in prison, by doubling his pains 
since his return. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 265, No. 14.] 


James Baskerville to Williamson. The Little George has arrived 
from Jamaica, and gives a good account of its condition, and of 
their late successes against the Spaniards in the neighbouring parts, 
and particularly that of taking the town and castle of Malacaj and 
Giblatore, and destroying 2 of their great men-of-war and taking 
another of 12 or 14 guns, so that they returned with much prize. 
The King’s proclamation against conventicles takes little effect, 
though one of the speakers has been secured; but he preaches out 
of the grate to a numerous congregation. [Zbid. No. 15.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. Gabriel Woodruff, one of the newly 
elected bailiffs, has got off by means of his brother, the present 
bailiff, paying a fine of 40/.; Capt. Thos. Ravens, head Chamber- 
lain, who never goes to church, and goes regularly to the meetings, 
was elected, but he also got off by paying 10/.; thereupon they 
chose Peter Caulier, a merchant, who removed hither from London, 
is a discreet man, and attends the rites of the Church, so that he 
and John Rowe stand as the bailiffs for the ensuing year, com- 
mencing at Michaelmas. Public meetings, to the number of 1,200 
or 1,400 in one place, are held twice every Sabbath, besides once on 
every Thursday, notwithstanding the proclamation. 

About 200 vessels lie at the quay, ready for the herring fishing. 
The Forester, one of the Iceland convoy, has arrived, and the fleet 
is daily expected, a few having already come in. [bid. No. 16.] 


Charles Whittington to Williamson. Arrival and departure of 
ships. Much damage has been done in Derbyshire by thunder and 
lightning, several persons being slain, and some horses and cattle 
burnt and killed, Great earthquakes have been observed in York- 
shire, to the terror of the people. A man-of-war of Enchuysen is 

HH 


Sept. 6. 


Falmouth. 


Sept. 6. 


Falmouth. 


Sept. 6. 


Norwich. 


Sept. 6. 


London. 


Sept. 6. 


Noon. 


Whitehall. 


Sept. 6. 


Sept. 6. 
3 p.m. 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


in Bridlington Bay, taking in beer, &c.; She was waiting on the 
Holland fishing boats. [S.P. Dom., Car. II, 265, No. 17.] 


Col. Guy Molesworth to Williamson. Pray acquaint Lord Ar- 
lington that I have moved the Duke of Albemarle to join with the 
Duke [of York ?] in speaking to the King on my behalf, and he 
promises to do it at Hampton Court, as he will be there on 
Wednesday. I beg your influence in the matter. Thanks for 
your kindness to my unfortunate family. [Jbid. No. 18.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. I hear by a seaman from Ireland, who 
escaped in a boat, that his ship, the Susan and Ann of London, 
from Barbadoes, sprang a leak at sea and sank, the commander, 
Capt. Reed, and 14 men being all drowned. About 50 or 60 sail of 
ships are in the harbour, bound for France and the Straits. [Jbzd. 
No. 19.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. The. Friendship of London has arrived 
bound for Guinea; several others are ready to put to sea the first 
fair wind. [Jbid. No. 20.] 


Nich. Wood to Williamson. The assizes will begin on Wednes- 
day, and we shall have more news, as there are many thieves, 2 or 
3 murderers, and above 30 Quakers in the castle. I am going to 
learn Latin of one living hard by. P.S.—Our gains [in the Royal 
Oak lottery ?] this week are 9l. Os. 6d., and expenses 3l. 4s. 6d. ; 
balance, 5l. 16s. [Zbzd. No. 21.] 


James Hickes to [Williamson]. Though I was detained by the 
non-appearance of your man, John Hewett, yet I hope the packet 
was received by you at Farnham Castle last night. It was well 
Francis did not see the contents, as he would not have been well 
pleased. I forward you letters from Billing. Mr. Ellis is still much 
indisposed, but I hope the worst is over with him; otherwise my 
Lord and this office would suffer, as I never expect to see his fellow in 
understanding so clearly what is to its advantage. [Jbid. No. 22.] 


Rob. Francis to Williamson. I send a book, &c., by George Little- 
field of the Council Chamber, who has been sent down by Sir Ed. 
Walker to act in his place, he being a little indisposed. I suppose 
Sir Rob. Southwell, being come down, may possibly officiate. I 
have letters from Mr. Hickes and others, which I will send on 
receipt of Dr. Jenkins’s answer, and will forward the screen by 
Alexander. My lord’s gentleman of the horse has come to town, 
and reports that my Lord (Arlington) will be at Hampton Court to- 
night. I waited on Lady Anderson, and informed her of the King’s 
resolution. [12 pages. Ibid. No. 23.] 


Dr. L. Jenkins to Williamson. I send letters for the Lord Keeper. 
Preserve the enclosed, if you can, for my second thoughts, before 
copies are taken. [Jbid. No. 24.] 


Post label for a packet to Hampton Court. With note by 
Rob. Francis to the postmaster, to give it speedy despatch, it being 


for his Majesty’s special service. Received past 7 pm. [Ibid. 
No. 25.] 


1669. 
Sept. 6. 


3 p.m. 
Whitehall. 


CHARLES II. 453 


Rob. Francis to [Williamson]. I send letters and the book of 
treaties, &e., which have been delayed, expecting an answer from 
Dr. Jenkins. My Lord is not yet come. I called Alexander 


` out of bed yesterday, to go and give his lordship’s servants timely 


Sept. 6. 


Bagshot. 


Sept. 6. 
5 p.m. 
Hampton Court. 


Sept. 6. 
Bagshot. 
10 p.m. 


Sept. 6. 
10 p.m, 


Sept. 7. 


Hampton Court.. 


Sept. 7. 


London, 
12 at night. 


Sept. 7. 


Stoneraize. 


Sept. 7. 


The Revenge. 
Cape Martin. 


notice to prepare for his reception. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 265, 
No. 26.] 


Jos. Williamscn to Francis. I shall not be in town until to- 
morrow mcrning; deliver the enclosed to Lord Brien and Mr. Hickes. 
[Lbid. No. 27.] 


Same to the Same. I desire all my letters may be forwarded, and 
not delayed a day or two as the French letters were, which is like all 
the rest of your service. I take it very ill that you will not mend 
your follies. I want Kidd, my tailor, to come to-morrow and take 
measure for a mourning suit of fine cloth, with a tunic. The 
news-books have not been sent to the Queen; you do ill in 
neglecting my repeated orders. [Jbid. No. 28.] 


Same to the Same. I found your express on our return from 
Windsor, but it wasa thin crop for 2 posts; our correspondents want 
rubbing up. I desire extracts of the inland letters, and of any private 
letters of concern. You should open all my letters privately, and 
let nobody see them till you have judged what is fit to come to 
other eyes. You are not to open any from Hickes, but send them 
as received. I shall be in town on Tuesday [7 Sept.]. [Zbid. 
No. 29.] 


Same to [the Same]. You are to wait on the Treasurer with the 
enclosed, and forward his answer by express. If he is out of town, 
you may open the letter, and attend Sir Wm. Coventry, my Lord 
General, or Sir George Downing for an answer, the point relating 
to the Treasury. Those for the Queen, the Duchess, and Col. Talbot, 
are to be delivered with your own hand. Enclose some Gazettes. 


[Ibid. No. 301] 


Same to the Same. I will be in town to-morrow at 4 or 5 p.m., 
and you must make appointments with Wilkes, Povey, Gregory, 
Dr. Jenkins, and others to see me; forward my house all 
you can. I enclose a letter for Mrs. Cox, and beg to be remembered 
to Lady Anderson. [Jbid. No. 31.] 


James Hickes to Williamson. I delivered the letter for the 
Lord Ambassador in Paris into the Foreign Office. Particulars of 
letters sent, including one from Billing, which if you have not 
received, Francis must answer for it. [Jbid. No. 32.] 


Jo. Watson to Williamson. Pray procure some employment for 
my son. I have been at great charge for his education, and after 
he has taken his degree at Michaelmas, I shall not be able to do 
any more for him, which makes me bold in soliciting your interest 
on his behalf. [Zbid. No. 33.] 


Sir Edw. Spragg to Williamson. Repetition of his letter of the 
4th inst. I was making all haste to Sir Thos. Allin at Algiers, but 
have been beating about by contrary winds, and have put into 

ù Hu 2 


484 


1669. 


Sept. 7. 
Whitehall. 


Sept. 7. 


London. 


Sept. 7. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


here to water. Pray remember me to Lord Arlington. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 265, No. 34.] 


H. M[uddiman] to the Earl of Exeter, Burleigh, Stamford. 
Letter of news. The Lord Lieutenant departed from his house 
in Chelsea on the 6th instant with a train suitable to the grandeur 
of so great an office. l 

Letters from Malaga report that the English frigates have taken a 
Sally man-of-war of 8 guns, and had hopes of destroying the 
remainder, there being 5 looking after them. The Providence of 
Lyme has arrived at Lyme from Morlaix. The Constant Warwick 
and 2 others have sailed from Genoa for Leghorn. The man-of-war 
never saluted, but sent to ask the Duke if he had ordered any 
officer to come aboard and command him to strike; the Duke 
denied sending any such order, but said the man-of-war could use 
his own discretion whether he went out of the Mould or not, on 
which the captain went out, and cast anchor, expecting the other 
ships that went along with him. 

The Spanish Ambassador has at last promised to pay the Swedes 
20,000 rix dollars, being the first payment of the subsidies. The 
ceremony of installation at Stockholm was far more magnificent 
than was ever known; one of the medals struck for the occasion 
is about the size of a crown, and bears the George on one side, with 
the inscription, “ Salus populorum,” and on the other 2 crowns and 
2 X, with a little George underneath, and the inscription, “ Honi soit 
qui mal y pense,” and overhead an inscription, “ Concordia Regum.” 

The accounts from Candia make the French valour to be much 
abated, the Turks to have gained on the garrison since their 
coming, and the city to be in a more desperate condition than when 
they landed. [3 pages. Ibid. No. 35.] 


James Banister to Lord Arlington. Have you received orders 
from Holland for my going to Surinam, or has Sir Wm. Temple 
given any assurance of obtaining the States General’s order for the 
removal of my family and estate from thence? I desire your 
advice how to obtain a speedy end of my troubles, being banished 
from my wife and property, for no other reason than my loyalty to 


my King and country; without your favour, I shall be utterly 
ruined. [|Zbid. No. 36.] 


Petition of Wm. Fergison, mariner, to the King. My father was 
your Majesty’s shoemaker, and received at Worcester, where he 
was taken prisoner, a wound of which he died. I served. in all the 
wars since the Restoration, under Rear-Admiral Utber, Capt. Reeve— 
with whom I was taken prisoner, and suffered 11 months’ imprison- 
ment in West Friezland—and Sir Thos. Allin, and was forced to 
leave the sea in April last, having broken the thumb of my right 
hand. I have been sentenced to death for picking the pocket of 
one Dowen of 46s., though I never wronged any man of one penny. 
I beg for a pardon. With report of Sir John Howell, Recorder, 
that Fergison was convicted upon the single testimony of Dowen, 
who might have been mistaken in the person that robbed him, and 
that divers credible persons appeared on his behalf. [Zbid. No. 37.] 


CHARLES II. 485 


1669. 
Sept. 7. Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I send 
Portsmouth. the names of 6 calkers who have not appeared, and hope they will 
be found out, and dealt with as they deserve. I think Cole’s plank 
tit for the yard, but he will make no proposals till he has been in 
Sussex. I shall see Peter Hasler’s, and oblige him not to dispose of 
it till I have seen it, though I know inquiries are made for such 
goods, and a greater price set than you give; but it must be paid 
for on delivery. 

I hope an allowance of 607. or 80/. will be granted to fence the 
King’s house with a wall, and fit it with other needful conveniences. 
I would gladly set it in hand before I take my journey to York- 
shire, that it might be done before winter, which would encourage 
me to get down my family for the time I am appointed to reside 
here, and would save my successor the trouble when his time comes. 
The examination of Hunt is in your solicitor Mr. Jones’ hands, and 
I have no copy. Pray send the bill for 2007. to be signed by 
Eastwood the purveyor, that the carting of the new ship’s frame 
may not be hindered, for want of money for bringing in the timber. 

[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 265, No. 38.] 


Sept. 7. Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. I want to lay the 
gun deck and calk it, to keep the frame of the ship dry, and 
employ the shipwrights and calkers in wet weather. I could do 
it in 3 weeks or a month, if I had 20 loads of knees, and 6 beams. 
A barge of Mr. Shorter’s timber has come to the quay, but there is 
none fit for the service ; there is a New England mast at Woolwich 
that will make a mainmast for the London, and save the King 301. 
in timber and work, if you will give order to the storekeeper to 
deliver it. [Zbid. No. 39.] 


Sept. 8. Same to the Same. I have surveyed 3 parcels of East-country 
plank, and find it useful for the service. [Jbid. No. 40.] 


Sept. 8. Thos. Turner to Thos. Hayter. I have no stuff in the yard to 
Deptford. make the shivers for Portsmouth; shall Edghill make them out of 
his own stuff? [Zbid. No. 41.] 


Sept. 8. Thos. Butler to Williamson. I send a petition according to 
Southampton. directions. I know the person to be honest and loyal, and as you 
have encouraged me so tar, I beg your further assistance on his 
behalf. The child’s name is John Warner, the same as his father. 

[Lbid. No. 42.] 


Sept. 8. Thos. Holden to Williamson. The Jngram, Dorothy, and other 

Falmouth. vessels put to sea, laden with pilchards and piece goods for the 
Straits, &c. The John and Thomas still remains in the harbour. 
[Ibid. No. 43.] 


Sept. 8. Same to Hickes. To the same effect, [Zbid, No. 44.] 


Sept. 8. Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Twelve merchantmen bound for 
Deal. Barbadoes, Virginia, New England, and various parts of France, and 
the Straits, sailed to-day. The Sweepstakes remains in the Downs. 


[Lbid, No. 45.] 


486 


1669. 
Sept. 8. 


Sept. 8. 
Northumber- 
land House. 


Sept. 8. 
Hampton 
Court. 


Sept. 8. 
Hampton 
Court. 


Sept. 9. 


Coventry. 


[Sept. 9.] 


Sept. 9. 


Hampton 
Court. 


Sept. 9. 


Portsmouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Fra. Mason to Rob. Francis. I beg employment, having been 
recommended by Mr. Carnabie. I was bred a clerk, but have acted 
as steward and secretary to various noblemen. I will wait upon 
you to know what advantages belong to the butler’s place in Kent 
you named to me. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 265, No. 46.] 


Hen. Champion to Williamson. Rich. Seymour wishes for a pass 
for 6 geldings to go to France. [Ibid. No. 47.] 


Petition of Hen. Coe to the King. Was condemned at the Old 
Bailey sessions for 2 felonies, in stealing a few books of small value. 
Is a young man, and sorry for past offences, and asks, in memory 
and honour of his Majesty’s dearest mother, who has lately departed 
this life to eternity, for stay of his execution. With note [by 
Williamson] that the reprieve was granted at the Lord Chamber- 
lain’s suit, without a previous reference. [Jbid. No. 48.] 


Warrant for reprieve of Hen. Coe for felony. Minute. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 168.] 


Ralph Hope to Williamson. The Lord Lieutenant of Ireland 
arrived last night, and lodged at the Bull. He was received at the 
entrance of the city by the Mayor and brethren, and the several 
companies in their robes, and was entertained with a most excellent 
speech from the Mayor, in the name of the rest, and also—which 
was a better present—with 2 dozen of wine, 2 sugar loaves, and 
a keg of sturgeon. The Earl of Denbigh, Countess of Southampton, 
and others, also waited upon him, and will accompany him to 
Sir Clement Fisher’s, who intends a treat ; thence he goes forward 
to Lichfield to-night. 

There was a fire at Northampton on Monday, which in less than 
3 hours, destroyed 17 dwelling-houses. The repairs of the cross 
at Coventry are almost finished, and it will be “more glorious and 
beautiful than ever.” A very contagious distemper is raging about, 
of which many die, but the city is perfectly free. There is no 
cessation of the conventicles as yet. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 265, No. 50.] 


Advertisement that Dr. Wm. Sermon, who lately cured Lord 
General Albemarle, is removed from Bristol, and may be seen daily, 
especially in the forenoon, at his house in West Harding Street, 
in Goldsmiths’ rents, near Three-legged Alley, between Fetter Lane 
and Shoe Lane, London. [See the London Gazette of the day. 
Ibid. No, 51.] 


The King to John, Bishop of Durham. Capt. Marmaduke Allen- 
son, of the bishopric of Durham, holds a lease of Quarrington 
Grange for a number of years. As he has suffered much for 
loyalty, we recommend that his lease be exchanged for one for lives, 
on his submitting to reasonable fines and conditions. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 27, f. 12.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I have 
suspended Faulkner’s wages till further order. I rode to Emsworth 


1669. 


Sept. 10. 
Lisbon. 


Sept. 10. 
Plymouth. 


Sept. 10. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


Sept. 10. 
Letter Office, 
London. 


Sept. 10. 


[Sept. 10.] 


Sept. 10. 


Sept. 10. 


Sept. 10. 


CHARLES II. 487 


and viewed Peter Hasler’s timber, which is very good; but I can 
bring him to no lower terms than 3l. 18s., a load ready money, to 
be paid on delivery of every 50 loads. I think Mr. Cole’s may be 
too little fur this yard, but I do not hear of any other; I therefore 
think you had best lay hold of this, which is about 180 loads. I 
looked over the general demand, and find I have not received one- 
fourth of the plank, and the whole will be too little, regard being 
had to the second-rate ship begun. Will you allow the rates for 
ironwork had of Mr. Perrin? having served in 4000. worth, he calls 


for bills, and expects the money here. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 265, 
No. 52.] 


Consul Thos. Maynard to the Navy Commissioners. I have 
received ashore all the stores sent by the Jerwsalem. Sir Thos. 
Allin departed from Cadiz, with 20 men-of-war and 4 fireships, 
21 August, and divided the fleet into 3 squadrons, in order to the 
meeting with some Turkish men-of-war, to facilitate his negotiations 
at Algiers. [Zbid. No. 53.] Encloses, 


Account by Thos. Maynard of stores received from Capt. Francis 
Wiltshire, commander of the Jerusalem.-—Lisbon, Aug 1669. 
[2 pages. Ibid. No. 531] 


John Clarke to Hickes. Two ships sailed for Virginia; no 
other news. [Jbid. No. 54.] 


Pass for Richard, Earl of Arran, to come to England, to attend 
his private affairs, and remain as long as needful, giving notice to 
Lord Lieutenant Robartes. [Jbid. No. 55.] 


Folding sheet directed by James Hickes to Williamson, Whitehall, 
or in his absence, to Mr. Francis. [Zbid. No. 56.] 


Warrant for a commission to Sir Thos. Strickland, Sir Edw. Dering, 
and Rob. Milward, to execute the office of Keeper of the Privy Seal 
during the absence of Lord Robartes, who is appointed Lord 
Lieutenant of Ireland. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 168A.] 


Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 265, No. 57.] 


Grant to Lord St. John of the office of woodward and keeper of 
all woods and underwoods in Chute, Pamber, Aliceholt, East Beare, 
West Beare, and New Forest ; and in the manors of Odiham, Rumsey, 
Hook, and Worthy Mortimer, and park of Odibam, all co. Hants. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 170.] 


Reference to the Lord Chief Justice of the King’s Bench of the 
petition of Sam. Taynton, to be put into the next pardon for con- 
victs. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 68.] 


Earl Rivers to Lord St. John. I have heard of the death of the 
late Queen Mother, from whom I had the stewardship of Halton 
Manor, Cheshire, being in her jointure. I request you to present my 
petition about the stewardship which, though of small value, has 
been long enjoyed by my ancestors, I shall be at Richmond next 


488 


1669. 


[Sept. 10 ? ] 


Sept. 11, 
Whitehall. 


Sept. 11. 


Hampton Court. 


Sept. 44. 
Leghorn, 


Sept. 11. 
Deptford, 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


week, and will then, by your leave, spend 3 or 4 days at Bolton | 
[Abbey ?]. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 265, No. 58.] Encloses, 


Petition of Thomas, Earl Rivers, to the King, for continuation 
of the patent granted him by the late Queen Mother, of the 
stewardship and custody of Halton Castle, Cheshire. [Ibid. 
No. 581] 

Latin verses addressed to Charles II., on his receipt of the tidings 
of the death of Henrietta Maria, Queen Mother. Ine., 


Lassatus curis, direeque caloribus urbis, 
Que visa est flammas usque fovere suas. 


(Ibid. No. 59.] 


Rob. Francis to [Williamson]. I send some letters, with an 
extract for the Lord Keeper. We expect the French mail to-morrow, 
and I will send the letters with all speed, that they may be with 
you before you begin your journey for this place. Your house 
goes on apace. I crave your pardon for all my miscarriages: Mr. 
Perrott desires to keep the Gazettes for further use, as there is 
nothing in them which is not in your letter. [Jbid. No. 60.] 


[Jos. Williamson] to Francis. I wonder I heard nothing of you 
yesterday. As I shall be at Lady Anderson’s to-morrow, you need 
not send the French packet, unless it arrives early enough to be 
used for the Gazette, and is sent here before 3 or 4, when we shall 
leave. Send to Arundel House and inquire for Mr. Marriott, Lord 
Hen. Howard’s steward ; if he is not there, send to Lord Brouncker’s 
house in Covent Garden, where he is sure to be heard of, being 
Clerk of the Council to the Queen; I must see him on Monday. 
Pray hasten the presses of the Paper Office, and have my little 
house in Scotland Yard ready. L want M. Merinville and my 
tailor to meet me on Monday, at Lady Anderson’s. [14 pages. 
Ibid. No. 61.] 


Earl of Castlemaine to Lord [Arlington]. I am much surprised 
to find that the English relation of the Dutch war, which you de- 
sired me to publish, has been stopped by you. I sent it to you 
first, knowing that things that appear good seem the contrary to 
those that stand at the helm, and then you could have done as you 
thought fit; but now, having printed it 14 months ago in French, 
and promised it in English, its suppression will seem very strange, 
and people will think there is treason or faction in it. It is a short 
account of a glorious victory, of which falsities and ignorance, both 
at home and abroad, would rob us. There was nothing more than 
you saw, except an epistle saying things of you which I knew you 
deserved, but this could have been laid aside. I suppose you 
have reason for this, and as I never merited an unkindness, I will 
not deem this one. Pray deliver my papers to my steward, with 
your further commands. [Jbid. No. 62.] 


Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. Mr. Mayors, the pur- 
veyor, has marked 5 loads of Mr. Glyde’s knees, and has treated for 
the lowest price, which will be 4/. 18s. 6d. a load, ready money. 
They are worth the money, and will put the work of laying the 
middle gun-deck forward. [Zbid. No. 63.] 


1669. 


Sept. 11. 
Woolwich. 


Sept. 11. 


Sweepstakes, 
Downs. 


Sept. 12. 


Portsmouth. 


Sept. 12. 
Whitehall. 


Sept. 12. 


Portsmouth. 


Sept. 13. 


Pendennis. 


Sept. 13. 
Falmouth. 


Sept. 13. 
Deal. 


Sept. 13. 
West Chester. 


Sept. 13. 


Norwich. 


Sept. 13. 


Exeter. 


Sept. 13. 


Yarmouth. 


CHARLES II. 489 


Edw. Byland to the Navy Commissioners. I send the reasons 
why the Adam and Eve hoy is not unloaded; we need more 
labourers. The calkers are at work upon her; she is in a bad con- 
dition, but shall be suddenly despatched. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 265, 
No. 64.] 

Capt. John Narbrough to the Navy Commissioners. I sent two 
muster books by the post, which have been delayed by the purser’s 
being ashore. [Jbid. No. 65.] 

Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I send a 
contract made with Mr. Newland for timber; it is as cheap as 
could have been had in London. I expect a quantity of plank, 
pitch, and tar shortly. The Kitchen is here, repairing the damage 
received by a vessel running aboard of her; the Merlin yacht has 
put back to Spithead. [Jbid. No. 66.] 


Rob. Francis to Williamson. I send letters from Spain, &c., for 
the King, Lord Arlington, Mr. Wren, and yourself, Lady Harvey, 
and Father Patrick. Mr. Perrott is making extracts of others for 
the Gazette. Mr. Leigh begs to be remembered. [14 pages. Ibid. 
No. 67.] 

Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Governor of Tangier has 
left with a very good wind. [Jbid. No. 68.] 

Fras. Bellott to Williamson. Arrival and departure of ships. A 
vessel from New York has come in, laden with Virginia tobacco ; 
the master, John Lucas of Topsham, bound for Amsterdam, gives a 
good account of the place whence he comes, whereof Col. [Fras.] 
Lovelace is the Governor. [Jbid. No. 69.] 

Thos. Holden to Hickes. Arrival and departure of ships. A 
vessel from Rochelle reports that 25 Newfoundland ships were cast 
away in a storm. [Zbid. No. 70.] 

Rich. Watts to Williamson. The ships that came in outward 
bound have sailed, but the violence of the north and east winds 
prevents any coming into the Downs. A Sandwich vessel from 
Amsterdam says that in Holland there is great preparation for 
war, and speaks as if they were afraid of the French by land 
this winter. [Zbid. No. 71.] 

Hen. Ford to Williamson. I received your letter, and shall be 
glad to correspond with you. [Jbid. No. 72.] 


Nich. Wood to Williamson. I send an account of the losses, 
4l. 19s., and gains 7l. 17s., for the week [in the Royal Oak 
lottery ?]. We expected to have good doings this week, but it has 
proved contrary, and we have no better hopes so long as we stay at 
Norwich. The assizes not being done, I cannot say how many will 
suffer, but will send an account. [Zbid. No. 73.] 


Fras. Ryley to Williamson. Account of the charges at the Royal 
Oak [lottery], amounting to 2/. 16s. As our lying here will consume 
the bank, which is already 4l. 15s. 6d. short, we beg an order for 
removing. [Lbid. No. 74.] 


Rich. Bower to Williamson. I informed you that Peter Caulier 
had been chosen in the room of Capt. Thos. Ravens, who got off by 


490 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. 

paying 107. fine. Hearing that Caulier had not renounced the 
covenant, I showed him the Act for regulating corporations, upon 
which he refused to act, and an assembly is to meet to-morrow to 
prevail with him to hold or go to a new election; but I doubt 
whether they will find a person qualitied according to the Act, and 
then they will take persons into the house who have destructive 
designs. I think the last chosen is well affected both to Church 
and State, his want of renouncing the covenant excepted. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. II. 265, No. 75.] 


Sept. 13. Sir Geo. Reeve [Bart.] to [Williamson]. After the death of Sir 

Thwaite. Rob. Brooke, I understood that the Duke of York bad commanded 
Lord Howard to appoint Capt. Peaps to succeed him, so I could give 
you no encouragement in that enterprise; but if Lord Arlington 
will write to Lord Howard, now at Tangiers, he may secure his 
interest at Thetford before the election. The letter should be sent 
to the porter at Arundel House, to be forwarded to his lordship’s 
agent, Mr. Fox, at Stradbroke, Suffolk. 

I am confident that on his lordship’s return at Michaelmas, he 
will go to Thetford, and Burridge Martin, and Osmond Clarke, 
his tenants, will then so settle the business that you need not doubt 
the result, though I hear Sir John Knevett will stand for it. If 
my lord would write to Lord Townshend, to employ Capt. Kendall, 
another of Lord Howard’s tenants living at Thetford, to join the 
other two in your behalf, you might sit still and fear no opposition. 
I will wait upon you and Lord Arlington before the opening of 
Parliament. [Jbid. No. 76.] 


Sept. 43. F. Crane to Rob. Francis. Tell me whereabouts in Lorraine my 

Brussels. sister Jane is, that I may see her in going to Paris. I should de- 
light to be your correspondent. Pray send this letter to my wife. 
[Lbid. No. 77.] 


Sept. 13. Ma. Anderton to Rob. Francis. I delivered your letter to Secre- 
Chester. tary Ford, and paid Js. 6d. for postage. The Lord Lieutenant of 
Ireland, accompanied by Messrs. Muschamp and Blundell, arrived 
on the 11th (10th,?), and has gone this morning into Wales, intend- 
ing for Denbigh, and then for Holyhead. Lord Herbert of Cherbury 
will meet him at Conway, and accompany him to Ireland. [Jbid. 
No. 78.] 

Sept. 13. Sir Geoffery Shakerley to Williamson. The Lord Deputy (sic) 
Chester Castle. arrived in the city on Saturday, accompanied by his retinue, 
Mr. Muschamp, one of the farmers, and Squire Blunden (sic), and 
put up at the White Bull, from which he went this morning for 
Holyhead, on his way to Ireland. I welcomed him with a volley of 
small shot from the Castle, on his arrival and departure. Our Dean, 
Prebendary [Wm.] Bispham, and Mr. Bridges preached sermons 
before him, after which the Recorder and Aldermen visited him. 
I, with some gentlemen of the city, as also Sir Amyas Meredith, 
brother-in-law to the late Bishop Hall, also waited upon and 

accompanied him some miles out of the city. [Zbid. No. 79.] 


Sept. 18. Eras. Towerson to Williamson. Mr. Christian is now attempting 
Carlisle. to oust me of my office. I offered to join issue with him as to the 


1669. 


Sept. 13. 
Chatham. 


Sept. 13. 
Chatham. 


Sept. 13. 


Sept. 14. 


Portsmouth. 


CHARLES If. 491 


most easy way of bringing our differences to a trial, but he refused ; 
and after having very eraftily got the books of entries, and my seal 
of office, he -began to declare his intentions, and to endeavour to 
jostie me out of all, though the articles positively declare that he 
shall not molest or displace me while I do nothing illegal. I still 
keep possession, sign docquets, and take fees, and shall do so until 
forcibly dispossessed, which I shall not easily yield to. 

I beg you will write to him to use more justice and friend- 
ship, lest provocation may induce retaliation, .which may be 
dangerous to a person who, in 1667, seized Scotch cattle that 
came in after the time allowed by the Act, and took private com- 
positions for them, to the value of 600/.; and who also, in 1668, 
having frightened the drovers that they dared not bring in cattle as 
the year before, then compounded with them on the Scotch side, to 
bring it in after the time limited, and by that got 2007. or 3001., 
besides bonds now in being, so that some men can warp Acts of 
Parliament every way to serve their ends. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 265, 
No. 80.] 


Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. I hear 
nothing of the 300/. promised, and if I have no money by the end 
of the week, I must keep the men employed upon the wrecks 
longer than needed; as soon as the deals come down, I shall set 
the carpenters to repair the hemp storehouse. I ordered the horse- 
boat to Deptford, there being moorings to be taken up the ensuing 
spring [tide], which will be put into her at less charge than the 
lading of her with the junk on the wharf. 

The work of the new ship is well followed, and in a month, her 
beams will be in, if we can have a ship’s lading of plank. I bought 
3,000 brick bavins at 11s. per 100, and the bricklayer needs 50,000 
tiles for the store and dwelling-houses. Justice Wood has sent 
down the spars bought of him, and the rest of the tar and pitch 
is also received from [John] Stacy. [Zbid. No. 81.] 


Edw. Gregory to the Navy Commissioners. Ant. Charleton 
was pressed in Sept. 1668, and Thos. Pickernell appeared in his 
stead, and continued till the 4th current, since which he has been 
absent. Mr. Bowtwell pressed 20 calkers in June last, and again 
gave press and conduct money to Charleton ; but although in good 
health, he never made his appearance. [Jbid. No. 82.] 


Thos. Turner and W. Fownes to the Navy Commissioners. 
We have examined the books of Thos. Harper, storekeeper deceased, 
and find there was received out of the Friesland, shipped from 
Bristol by Sir John Knight and Dan. Furzer, the particulars men- 
tioned in the certificate sent. [Jbid. No. 83.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I have 
concluded with Mr. Hasler on the best terms I could, and judge it 
is no hard bargain. I will hasten in the timber, and entreat that 
the money may be ready to comply with the contract sent. I 
perceive you allow of the rates for Mr. Perrin’s ironwork, which 
I expect to receive here, or I must add the charge of receiving it at 


492 


1669. 


Sept. 14. 


Woolwich. 


Sept. 14. 


Plymouth. 


Sept. 14. 


Deal. 


Sept. 14. 


Portsmouth. 


Sept. 14. 


Staveley. 


Sept. 14. 


Post Office. 


Sept. 14. 


Sept. 15. 


11 a.m. 


Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


London. He has 4801. due to him, and I promised he should 
receive 2201. here, and a bill is made out for it; he wants the 
rest paid here. What answer am I to make him? There is no 
black oakum, and the storekeeper can get no more without money ; 
pray grant him a bill for some, that no time may be lost in our 
repairs. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 265, No. 84.] 


Edw. Byland to the Navy Commissioners. Col. Middleton being 
here yesterday, was troubled to see provisions not in their places ; 
as want of strength is the cause, I ask for 18 more labourers. 
[Ibid. No. 85.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. An Ostender from Bilbao has arrived ; 
2 vessels sailed for Virginia. [Zbid. No. 86.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. A ketch is reported to have 
arrived at Dover from the East Indies, which has been coming ever 
since the war with Holland; the master and mate dying, and the 
rest being no artists, they could not find the way. The Sandwich 
men imprisoned at Rumney, by order of the Guestling and Brother- 
hood, are come home; they were met by about 40 Sandwich horse- 
men. [Zbid. No. 87.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. No news; the new ship is 
expected to be launched on Michaelmas Day. [Jbid. No. 88.] 


John, Lord Frescheville, to Williamson. Thanks for your getting 
my business despatched at the Privy Seal Office; there is an 
obstruction for want of a copy of the reply, but I hope it passed 
before the Lord Privy Seal’s departure. I consider my own busi- 
ness of Hekington safe while under your care; although it is only 
a presentation to a living, yet the consequences are very consider- 
able, and therefore I beg a despatch of it before the meeting of 
Parliament. [Jbed. No. 89.] 


A Ellis to Williamson. I communicated the contents of your 
letter to Mr. Hickes. I hear that Monsieur Beaufort is alive. 
Lord Orrery is returned to town, and intends for Hampton Court 
to-morrow. One is reported to have died of the plague about 
St. Katherine’s this week, but this wants confirmation.  [Jbid. 
No. 90.] 


Rob. Francis to Williamson. I received your letters and com- 
mands, and carried them to Lady Anderson, Mr. Povey, and others. 
Your young lady and her maid have come from Sir George Wake- 
man’s to Lady Anderson’s. I have sent on a letter from Mrs. Cox to 
Lady Katherine. Sir Robert Southwell has the letters for my Lord, 
and goes to-morrow. I have brought Mr. Groves to view your house, 
and he has promised to send men to complete the works; the ladies 
will go to-morrow with Mr. Hickes to choose your furniture. I 
shall endeavour to redeem and preserve your good opinion. I shall 
wait till 10 o’clock for Lady Katherine’s “servant. [24 pages. 
Ibid. No. 91.] 


Post label from London to Bury [St. Edmund’s]. With note by 
Francis requesting its speedy delivery at Thetford, being for his 
Majesty’s service. [Zbid. No. 92.] 


1669. 
Sept. 15. 


Pembroke. 


Sept. 15, 


Sept. 15. 


Falmouth. 


Sept 15. 
Bristol. 


Sept 15. 
Hampton 
Court. 


Sept. 15. 
Chatham. 


Sept. 16. 


Portsmouth. 


CHARLES II. 493 


John Powell to Williamson. I have no news to send of any 
kind. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 265, No. 93.] 


_ Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 94.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. Arrival and departure of ships. 
The Customs’ officers, pretending to search for Jews’ goods entered 
by English merchants, put 3 waiters on board the Oak, laden 
with pilchards for the Straits. The crew, watching their oppor- 
tunity—the master being on shore—carried them to the Lizard, and 
went on to Mount’s Bay, where they took in their master. The 
Susanna has come in fron New York, which is plentiful of hides, 
beaver, and dye wood. [Zbid. No. 95.] 


James Baskerville to Williamson. Many people of quality have 
died at Bristol of a feverish distemper; I hear it is much worse at 
Weymouth. [Zbid. No. 96.] 


Warrant for a grant to John Seymour, for 41 years, in reward for 
long service to his Majesty and the late King, of the sole privilege 
of printing and selling 37 works, chiefly classical—a list of which is 
given—and also all almanacs and prognostications, the originals 
of which he can procure from the authors ; provided the said grant 
do not infringe the privileges of the two Universities, or of any 
others to whom the printing of any of them may have been 
granted. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 122.] 


Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. I ac- 
quainted Mr. Gregory that his bill of imprest for 500/. cannot be 
paid by the county receivers, and he is satisfied that Humphrey 
Bray, labourer, shall receive it at London, and bring it to Gravesend, 
where care will be taken for conducting it here. I will provide 


_ the tiles at the best terms I can get. 


There are several bottoms of wrecks in the river, and as it is 
his Royal Highness’s pleasure that they shall be sold, the officers 
of the yard ought to have a warrant for their appraisement. I 
shall be able to give little account of the bottom of the Oak and 
Defiance, if they lie here this winter, for now people steal the iron 
and timber of both. I directed Mr. Moore and Capt. Moorcock to 
demand what powder, granadoes, and other materials they need for 
blowing up the wrecks. [Jbid. No. 97.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I intend 
putting the Fairfax and Advice out of dock to-day, being well 
repaired as to carpentry ; but joiners and carvers’ works are much 
to do, by reason of the sickliness of the season, and the new ship’s 
works. I find the keels much worm-eaten, and must have them 
repaired before going to sea. I am preparing the Gloucester and 
Adventure for the dock. I am glad you are putting Hunt’s busi- 
ness to some issue; I am searching after some other matter, on 
like information; that I may not leave anything undone, and yet 
keep within bounds. Tell me whether the Act giving you power to 
act as justices of the peace is yet in force; some think it deter- 
mined last session, and if so, I have run 4 miles beyond my 


4.94 


1669. 


Sept. 16. 


Sept. 16. 


Lisbon. 


Sept. 16. 
Whitehall. 


Sept. 16. 


Portsmouth, 


Sept. 17. 


Norwich. 


Sept. 17. 


Chester. 


Sept. 17. 


Pendennis. 


Sept. 17. 
Plymouth. 


Sept. 17. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


commission in sending for persons as far as Fareham, to give 
evidence. 

I was directed to launch the new ship, and wrote to Col. 
Middleton for lignum vitæ shivers; he promised them, but they 
have not come, the Surveyor being much abroad on business. Pray 
order that they be sent with expedition, as we cannot launch the 
ship without them. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 265, No. 98.] 


Report by Rob. Mayors, on the quality and quantity of Mr. Kings- 
bury’s timber at Reading. There are 200 loads, and it will 
complete the ship at Deptford for strait timber. [Ibid. No. 99.] 


Capt. Fras. Willshaw, of the Jerusalem, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. In the absence of Sir Robert Southwell, I delivered the 
letters and stores to Consul Maynard. The Consul made a demur 
concerning a cable which had been cut, but this was not since it came 
on board of me, as will appear by the oath of all my officers. Some 
at home must know about this, as it wants more than 20 fathoms. 
The master of the galliot, being taxed by his boatswain, answered 
that when taken out of the Golden Hand at Chatham, the end lying 
under another cable, they were forced to cut it. [Zbid. No. 100.] 


Rob. Francis to Williamson. I hope you received a packet sent 
by express; I enclose letters from Lord Townshend, and others, and 
extracts from the French, Dutch, and Flanders letters. ~ Those 
from Lord Montague the Ambassador, and others, have been taken 
to my Lord by Mr. Bridgeman. The map and narrative of Candia 
has been noticed in the Gazette, to promote its sale. Your house 
is in good forwardness; many workpeople are upon it, and the 
gardener has been upon the vine. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 101.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Fairfax and Advice will 
be taken out of the dry dock, and the Glowcester and Adventure 
take their places. [Jbid. No. 102.] 


Rob. Lulman to Andrew Ellis. I have despatched a letter to 
Justice Kendall of Thetford, to engage his and his friends’ interest 
for you, and will send letters by a freeman of Thetford, who will 
employ all his influence for you, and bring me an account how 
the town is affected. [Jbid. No. 103.] 


Col. Ro. Whitley to Francis. The Lord Lieutenant went hence on 
Monday towards Holyhead, and we believe he is now at Dublin. 
The assizes will be held next week, and the fair the week following, 
after which I will be with you. I beg to be remembered to 
Mr. Williamson, and to cousin Manley and his lady. [Jbid. No. 104.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. The African remains in harbour. 


Two Dutch and several other vessels have come in, and others have 
departed. [Jbid. No. 105.] 


John Clarke to Williamson. The Amity from Smyrna has 
arrived, and brings news that Sir Thos, Allin was at Alicant with 
his fleet. [Zbid. No. 106.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 107.] 


1669. 
Sept. 18, 
Chatham. 


Sept. 18. 
Deptford. 


Sept. 18. 


Sept. 18. 


London. 


CHARLES II. 4.95 


John Moore and Capt. Edw. Moorcock to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. We have overcome the difficulties in weighing the wreck, 
and laid her on shore, where she will ebb dry. We shall be ready in 
a few days to remove another; there will then be but one in the 
channel, which Capt. Cox advises to be blown up; if it proves 
effectual in wholly removing her, it will be the cheapest way of 
working. [S.P. Dom., Car. LI. 265, No. 108.] 


Wm. Williamson, master of the Black Dog hoy, to the Navy 
Commissioners. We sailed on 2 Aug. from Deptford, anchored in 
Hull on the 7th, and came to Stockwith the 13th, where we 
loaded, and returned to Deptford with timber and plank, by order 
of John Russell. Where shall we unload, we being now in the wet 
dock? [Jbid. No. 109.] 


Advices received, being extracts from letters calendared above, 

and from the following :— 

Friday, 17th.—Sir Wm. Coventry, who was put out of the Council 
and Treasury for challenging the Duke of Buckingham, has 
been received into favour again, and kissed the King’s hand. 
There was 5,000/. allowed for mourning [for the Queen 
Mother], but 500/. more has been already expended, although 
his Majesty allows it to such only as receive liveries out of the 
Wardrobe by virtue of their places. The Earl of St. Albans 
has gone to attend his Majesty at Hampton Court. 

Saturday, 18th.—His Majesty and the Court returned this day 
to Whitehall, and the Queen is expected in the evening. The 
King has some thoughts of going to Newmarket in a few days. 
Some persons going down to Hampton Court, and being the 
worse for drink, offered something unbecoming them near 
where his Majesty was in person, and they were ordered into 
custody. One of them is a captain in the trained bands. 

The judges on circuit have fined some Quakers; in default of 
payment, they are to remain in prison, and others that would 
not be bound over for good behaviour are remanded back to 
gaol till the next assizes. 

The Comte de Prado came ashore incognito at Leghorn, on his 
way to Rome, and intends remaining there 8 or 10 days, and 
thence to proceed by land. Sir Peter Wyche is leaving Moscow ; 
and that Emperor has some thoughts of sending an Envoy to 
England, to make a compliment of the privileges, &., enjoyed 
in those territories by the English, and to desire his Majesty to 
be umpire in the difference between him and the Swede. 
[22 pages. Ibid. No. 110.] 


James Hickes to [Williamson]. Nothing has come for you from 
Billing. I hope that my letter with the enclosure found you at 
Hinchingbroke, and that the present will find you at Mr. Summers’ in 
Northampton. I have not seen your writing since you left London, 
but hope for your safe return. Here are 14 packets, containing 
the maps of Candia, come from your clerks for several of your 
correspondents, which were forced to be taxed, they weighing 
3 ounces apiece. [Zbid. No. 111.] 


4.96 


1669. 
Sept. 18. 


Hinchinbroke. 


Sept. [18.] 


Saturday, 
2 p.m. 
Dunstable. 


Sept. [18.] 


Sept. 18. 
9 p.m. 
Whitehall. 


Sept. 18. 


Chester. 


Sept. 18. 
Deal. 


Sept. 19. 


Portsmouth. 


Sept. 19. 


Portsmouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


[Jos. Williamson] to Rob. Francis. I received the packet and the 
express sent to Thetford. I shall be in town on Tuesday, and hope 
to find my little house in a condition to lodge me. Let me see you 
and Swaddell at Lady Anderson’s in the evening of that day ; pre- 
sent my service to her; take care that all my things are brought 
from Hampton Court; also see to the furnishing, We, of my 
chamber. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 265, No. 112.] 


Same to the Same. I find myself engaged beyond what I pro- 
posed, but will be in town to-morrow, so you need not take any 
notice of my being abroad to Lord Arlington, should he call for me. 
You must wait upon him to-night on his return from the country, 
and to-morrow, at bis rising. I conclude the King will be at home 
to-morrow, and if there be a meeting of the Foreign Committee in 
the evening, I will not fail to be there; after sermon, you must be 
at the office. Send the letters to Dublin to Mr. Page; those 
formerly sent to Lady Thomond must be henceforth transmitted to 
Lady Katharine O’Brien, at Billing. There are also some letters in 
my desk-drawer to be sent to Sir Phil. Musgrave, &. [lbid. No. 113.] 


Same to the Same. Have a care in the delivery of letters en- 
closed, for the Duke and Duchess of Richmond, and Mrs. Cox. 
Be sure to wait on Father Patrick about my return. ([Jbid. 
No. 114.] 


Rob. Francis to Williamson. I send letters and extracts; I had 
sent some to Hinchinbroke. Lord [Arlington] came home at 
8 p.m., but not to the office. The King arrived at llam. I have 
received two letters from Lady O’Brien, for my Lord to Ireland, 
and for my lady at Billing. All at Lady Anderson’s present their 
services. Your house is in good order, and I hope will be fit to 
receive you; the garden is finished. I will wait on his lordship to- 
morrow, with the letters and Gazette. [1} pages. Ibid. No. 115.] 


Ma. Anderton to Williamson. The John and Francis is cleared 
for Virginia, and will sail on Tuesday. The winds continuing 
easterly, I presume the Lord Lieutenant has arrived in Ireland. 
[Zbid. No. 116.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. Lady Finch, relict of Lord Finch, 
Keeper of the Great Seal to Charles I., died 14 days ago at her own 
house, the Moat, a mile from Canterbury, and was buried last 
Wednesday at Canterbury. There were above 40 coaches, which 
was a wonder to the country, [Jbid. No. 117.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Gloucester and Adventure 
have come into the dry dock, in place of the Fairfax and Advice. 
[Zbid. No. 118.] l 


Commissioner John Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I re- 
ceived the bill of imprest for 507., and delivered it to Mr. Johnson. 
I have had no more of Mr. Perrin or any. others goods than the 
works in hand call for. The Koe Kitchen has sailed. Thos. Wallis 
a joiner pressed at Southampton by Thos. Bulbeck, master joiner, 


1669. 


Sept. 19. 


Sept. 20. 
Stockwith. 


Sept. 20. 
Lamplugh, 


Sept. 20. 


Billing. 


Sept. 20. 


Pendennis. 


Sept. 20. 


Falmouth. 


Sept. 20. 


Chester. 


Sept. 20. 


Swansea. 


Sept. 20, 


Dover. 


79380. 


CHARLES II. 497 


has not appeared, notwithstanding I have written several times to 
the Mayor, and the said Wallis has been commanded to make his 
appearance. I desire you will take notice of his contempt, that 
some course may be taken, so as to deter others from doing the like. 
I hear nothing of the lignum vitæ shivers so much wanted, and 
entreat they may be hastened down. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 265, 
No. 119.] 


Particulars brought to the Navy Office by Mr. Mayors, of a vessel 
shipped to Steven Woodlands at Arundel, laden with timber and 
treenails from Mr. Cole. [Jbid. No. 120.] 


George Roberts, master of the James, to the Navy Commissioners. 
I arrived here with a great deal of trouble, by reason of the tides 
falling off. I am getting out the ballast, and will make all despatch 
in the loading this next spring [tide]. [Zbid. No. 121.] 


John Lamplugh to Williamson. I entrusted my interest in the 
Irish patent for lotteries to my cousin Thos. Lamplugh, while he 
was in London, and now he has come away, he has left it in trust to 
Wm. Everard, whom you approved. My partners and I are agreed 
that Col. Mowbray shall go for Ireland, to set the work on foot at 
Dublin ; those who go there shall have authority to act there, and 
those who stay behind shall be defended and secured in their interest. 
As there is some hopes of his Majesty contributing some advance, 
we desire your interest with him on our behalf. Everard depends 
upon you for favour, and will wait upon you in the matter. [Jbzd. 
No. 122.] 


Joseph Williamson to Rob. Francis. As I shall be in London to- 
morrow evening, let my lodgings be got ready, and let me find all 
the business that lies at the office ready for me when I arrive. 
[Lbid. No. 123.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. About 30 sail are loading, outward 
bound, and others from places named have come in. [Jbid. 
No. 124.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. The St. James of London, from Holland, 
and others have come in, and report that the Greenland men have 
made a great voyage, one having taken 15 whales to her share, and 
that it has also been a good year for herrings. [Zbid. No. 125.] 


Ma. Anderton to Williamson. The Jncrease and Adventure have 
arrived from Dublin. They met the Mayflower with the Lord 
Lieutenant’s horses and goods, and saw a frigate and pleasure boat 
under Hoath, where they were doubtless landing the Lord Lieu- 
tenant. Dr. Chamberlain, the women’s doctor, bas arrived and 
gone towards London. [Jbid. No. 126.] 


John Man to Williamson. I hear from Sir Thos, Morgan, Governor 
of Jersey, that the island is in a good state of health, and posture of 
defence. [Zbid. No. 127.] 


Jo. Carlile to Williamson. The corpses of Lady Lexington and 
Sir Edward Fillimore, who died in France, have arrived; the former 
Il 


498 


1669. 


Sept. 20. 


Sept. 20. 


Sept. 21. 


Sept. 21. 


Sept. 21. 
Plymouth. 


| Sept 21. 


Chatham. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


has been sent to Gravesend in a boat, and the latter to London by 
a hearse. Lord Clermont, son of the Earl of Middleton, set sail 
for Calais on the 4th, and the Earl of Northumberland with his 
followers on the 16th. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 265, No. 128.] 


Caveat in favour of Mr. Harvey, that no mandamus pass for a 
fellowship in Trinity Hall, Cambridge. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 32, p. 6.] 


Warrant to the Treasury Commissioners for 1007. to Dr. [Peter] 
Chamberlain for board wages, from 7 June to the present time, 
out of the privy seal dormant of 27 July. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 168.] 


Warrant for letters of denization for Peter Joenties, an alien. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 128.] 

Warrant for the erection of an office of Surveyor-General of all 
the streets and pavements in London and Westminster and the 
suburbs, and for a grant thereof for 14 years to Rob. Leslie, gentle- 
man of the Privy Chamber, who has had great experience in paving 
and keeping clean the streets beyond seas; with power to see that 
the streets are kept clean, and lights put forth by the inhabitants, 
according to Acts of Parliament; and also to import paving stones 
from Scotland, France, or elsewhere. [Jbid. f. 124.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. A ship has arrived from the Caribbee 
Islands, one from Portugal, and 16 colliers from Wales. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. IT, 265, No. 129.] 


Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. Let 
Humphrey Bray receive the 500/. imprested to Mr. Gregory; but _ 
Gregory is “unwilling he should receive it by content,” having 
formerly suffered in a like case in the want of money. I have 
ordered Bray to receive your commands; I wish it were here, for 
the persons concerned appear with their bills, and want their money. 

I went to Maidstone to see what compass and knee timber 
Mr. Mason and others had, and found little upon the wharves but 
what belonged to Mason. I could not prevail upon him to send 
any down, until I promised that I would use my interest with you 
and the Treasurers, for payment of a small bill for 507. odd, for 
goods served in in 1668; the great want of the timber for the new 
ship made me undertake the promise. I was also at Milale [Mill 
Hall], but could find none except what has been bought by the 
Ordnance officers, at 40s. a load. I saw Mayor More, who is very 
free to let us have 24 pieces of compass timber at the price they 
cost, allowing a proportionable charge for their procuring it, or 
delivering timber in lieu of it. 

One of the wrecks that was upon the Mussle Bank is hove over, 
and lies dry at low water. I cannot say more concerning the dis- 
posal of wrecks lying in the river, but they would be better out of 
sight than lying as they do. I have ordered Mr. Moore and Capt. 
Moorecock to demand of the Ordnance officers such powder, &e., as 
they need. Is the Marmaduke to be sold for ready money, or on 
account of bills? Pray order timber and ironwork for the new ship 
and carrying on other works. I send an account by Mr. Bowtwell, 


1669. 


Sept. 21. 


Portsmouth. 


Sept. 21. 


Sept. 22. 


Chatham. 


Sept. 22. 


Sept. 22. 


Sept. 22. 


Sept. 22. 


CHARLES II. 499 


master calker, of the absence of 3 of his men; let some speedy 
course be taken with them, that we may keep our other pressed 
calkers. [2 pages, S.P. Dom., Car. II, 265, No. 130.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissidners. The 
lignum vite shivers are come, but not one of 21 or 22 inches, that 
are most wanted, nor do any of the pinholes answer the gauge; 
but I will make shift with them for the present occasion. [bid. 
No. 131.] 

Wm. Williamson, master of the Black Dog hoy, to the Navy 
Commissioners. Pray order Mr. Shish to repair my vessel, she being 
ordered forth again from the wet dock at Deptford, and her stern 
being much weakened by straining, in loading and unloading timber. 
[Zbid. No. 132.] 


Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. I will 
send Lawrence to view Mr. Fellowes’ timber again at Faversham, if 
you desire it; but his price was 3l. 5s. a load, which you did not 
like, and Lawrence estimated it at 105 loads, with very little 
compass and knee timber. 

I am thankful you approve of the course taken with Mr. Mason 
in obtaining his timber, which is received into the yard, and 
entreat you will be mindful of the promise made him for payment 
of his 501. I shall inquire what knees may be had in these parts; 
I am informed that Mr. Cole of Sussex can furnish some. So soon 
as I hear from the Ordnance officers, I will follow your directions 
about that timber. I cannot do anything with the wrecks till 
Thursday, but if the powder, &c., come down, I will prepare for 
blowing up the 3 that remain under water. Detail of efforts to 
remove them. 

I will receive the 4 loads of ash, and also the ironwork. I find 
the Newcastle so worm-eaten that I fear she must be wholly new 
planked. [13 pages. Ibid. No. 183.] Encloses, 


Account of the several wrecks and pieces of wrecks in the river 
Medway. [Ibid. No. 1331] 


Note of an allowance to the Commissioners of the Privy Seal, 
during pleasure, of 4l. a day, in lieu of 16 dishes of meat daily, 
granted 2 June 1663 to Lord Robartes, late Keeper of the Privy 
Seal. [Zbid. No. 134.] 

Docquet of the above, dated 27 Oct. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 97.] 


Warrant for a grant to James Gilbert, in place of Jonadab Hollo- 
way, deceased, of the office of maker of curriers, arquebusses, hand- 
guns, daggs, and other arms of war of that kind, for the King’s use 
in the Tower and elsewhere. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 123.] 

Warrant to the Treasury Commissioners to pay 6,0007. to Isaac 
Le Gouce, for 2 large diamonds. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 30, f. 169.] 

Docquet of the above, dated 12 Oct. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 92.] 


Caveat in favour of Col. Villiers, that nothing pass of the estate 
of Rich, Leaman, of Loddington, [forfeited] for burglary. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 32, p. 6.] 

11 2 


od 


Ə 


00 


1669. 


Sept. 22. 


Falmouth. 


Sept. 22. 


Pembroke. 


Sept, 22. 
Sept. 22. 


Deal. 


[Sept. 22.] 


Sept. 22. 


Whitehall. 
Sept. 23. 


Sept. 23. 


Portsmouth. 


Sept. 23. 


Sept. 24. 


Woolwich 
Ropeyard. 


Sept. 24. 


Deal. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. The St. Jacob from Holland for 
Virginia, and 2 others from Rotterdam, have arrived. They came 
out with several others, which they believe have put into Plymouth ; 
they say that the Dutch have made a great year at Greenland, as 
well as in the herring trade. The African is still in port, waiting 
a fair wind. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 265, No. 135.] 


John Powell to Hickes. Has no news of any kind. [Jbid. 
No, 186.] 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect: [Zbid. No. 137.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Capt. Pensax has arrived from 
Virginia, and reports it to be in a good condition. The Sweep- 
stakes and 19 merchant ships are in the Downs. [Jbid. No. 138.] - 


Order for a commission to Henry Seymour to be lieutenant of 
the company in Guernsey under Capt. Sheldon, in place of Lieut. 
Watts, deceased. [Zbid. No. 139.] 


Commission as ordered. [Parchment. Signed. Ibid. No. 140.] 


Note of approval of Sir Edw. Morgan, Bart., and 5 others as deputy- 
lieutenants for co. Monmouth, and Sir Jo. Tracy and Wm. Stratford 
for co. Gloucester; the Marquis of Worcester ordered to issue out 
their deputations. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 20, p. 201.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. Thanks 
for what you have done in order to bringing Wallis, the joiner, and 
others by his example, to a sense of his contempt; if such matters 
be let slip, you can have no assurance of assistance, whatever the 
occasions may be, in these parts. Mr. Jones is with me, and we 
are entering on the business that he came about. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 265, No. 141.] l 


Wm. Williamson, master of the Black Dog hoy, to the Navy 
Commissioners. Being ordered to carry timber to Chatham, I want 
14 days’ provisions for 7 men, having 8 days’ victuals aboard. [Ibid. 
No. 142.] 


Wm. Bodham to the Navy Commissioners. I send the weekly 
account of the yard. It was not contempt or negligence that pre- 
vented my doing so before; but I have been employed many weeks 
in preparing for the survey, and in sale of the brushings; I have 
culled out a quantity of hemp that cost 50s. a ewt., from the brush- 
ings sold at 5s. 1 wish that everyone employed as I am may be 
found more diligent; I crave pardon, and promise amendment. 


[Ibid. No. 143.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. A ship has arrived from Seanderoon, 
the commander of which, Mr. Holloway, says that it was reported 
there that Candia was taken; that he escaped from 5 Turkish men- 
of-war, but left an English merchant ship and a Turk fighting, and 
that the Turks are very bold, for Sir Thos. Allin’s fleet lies in 
harbours and roads, sending out a small frigate or two at most. 


1669. 


Sept. 24. 
Plymouth. 
Sept. 25. 


Sept. 24. 


Sept. 25. 


CHARLES II. 501 


The same is reported by most merchantmen from the Straits. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 265, No. 144.] 


John Clarke to Williamson. Only two ships are here, a French- 
man and a Scotchman. [Jbid. No. 145.] 


Warrant for a grant of denization to Isaac De la Saulx. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 123.] 


Warrant to the Farmers of Customs, to permit Edw. Back- 
well to export 40,000/. or 50,0007. of guinea gold, custom free, to 
improve the trade in the East Indies. He has lately brought in 
great quantities of gold and silver, which by law he might have 
exported free, had he not coined it in the Mint, and he engages 
soon to bring in and coin a greater quantity than he now exports. 


[Ibid. f. 124] 


Warrant to the Attorney-General to stay in the Crown Office pro- 
ceedings for barratry against Charles Cornel and Mary his wife, 
which are entered by Wm. Warren, Miles Ward, and others, only to 
stay suits against them, by the said Charles and Mary Cornel, for 
money and goods of great value, unjustly detained from them. 
Hobid. f. 125.] 


[Sept. 24.] Warrant to pay to Sir Stephen Fox 400l. out of the privy seal 


Sept. 24. 
Sept. 25. 


Sept. 25, 


Sept. 25. 
Chester. 


Sept. 25. 


Essex House. 


Sept. 25. 


London. 


dormant, to be given to loyal and indigent officers, by the King’s 
directions, for their present relief. Minute. [Draft. S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 265, No. 146.] 


Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 169.] 


Pass for a horse to France, for the use of Sam. Heniock, mer- 
chant. Minute. [Ibid.] 


Lord Frescheville to [Williamson]. As you promised to move 
the Lords of the Treasury in my business, and to engage Sir George 
Downing in it, I beseech you to do so, as it is of especial considera- 
tion to me to obtain it before the meeting in Parliament. I forbear 


-writing to Sir George Downing, relying on Lord Arlington’s favour 


and your solicitation. Address me at Staveley, in Derbyshire. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 265, No. 147.] 


Ro. Whitley to Rob. Francis. Thanks for your letter; the law- 
yers are packing away with their bags, to make room for the 
pedlars that come to the fair. Cousin Fr. Manley and I often 
drink to you and brother Roger. Is the King going to New- 
market? Sir Thos. Hanmer goes up with the Monday’s coach. 
[Zbid. No. 148.] 


C. Cratford to [Viscount Conway]. I have the bills for 2004. 
and others, and will take care and receive the money, and obey 
your commands. I can effect the business as to the bills of exchange, 
without any trouble to myself, and to your lordship’s satisfaction. 


[Ibid. No. 149.] 


Edw. Wayte to Viscount Conway. I have got the 2 bills for 
2001. accepted, and delivered them to Mr. Cratford. I send a copy 


502 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. 7 
of Gerard’s will. I took possession of his papers and effects, an 
thereout paid 40l. for the coach, and the rest for his burial, and in 
sending things to my lady, of which I will render you an account 
when you come to London. I have taken account of your lord- 
ship’s plate and linen, and packed it in trunks until further order. 
The room your lordship wished to have new-floored is going to be 
occupied by Lord Orrery’s daughter, who is coming with her mother 
to England. [13 pages. S.P. Dom., Oar. IT. 265, No. 150.] Enclosing, 


Will of Gerard Perron, gentleman, of St, Giles-in-the-Fields, 
Middlesea, 2 Sept. 1669. I give to John Pellham 251. and 
all my clothes ; to Joyce, wife of Edw. Wayte, of St. Paul's, 

-Covent Garden, tailor, 5l.; to Mrs. Jane Wright, 5L; to 
Lord Conways cook, 10l.; and the remainder of my 
estate to the poor of the parish of Arra [Arrow ?], 
co. Warwick, to be disposed of in the best way that can 
be advised for their benefit. I appoint the said Edw. 
Wayte sole executor. With note that the will was proved 
13 Sept. 1669. [Copy. Ibid. No. 1501.] 


Sept. 25. John Powell to Williamson. Lord Broghill and his lady have 
Milford. arrived from Ireland, and have set forward with their retinue for 
London. [Jbid. No. 151.] 


Sept. 25. John Pocock to Hickes. Three Newfoundland ships have arrived, 

Weymouth. and report a bad season, owing to the storminess of the weather. 
We judge the ships bound for the Straits have reached there before 
this. With note by Hickes [to Williamson]. I hear you lack con- 
stant advice from Weymouth and Lyme; it is for want of your 
written intelligence weekly, which ought to be continued according 
to the first settlement. [/bid. No. 152.] 


Sept. 25. Sir Wm. Warren to the Navy Commissioners. I ordered my 
Wapping. factor, Francis Sheldon, to dispose of the 360 masts at Gotten- 
burg, but he cannot do it, so that I am likely to be longer out 
of purse of the 7,556 rix dollars—1,889/. sterling—which they 
cost in 1666. Pray determine how far you are concerned to send 
for them on his Majesty’s account, and how I shall be satisfied for 
their first cost. I rather desire this, you having deducted 4,7601. 
out of my Hamburg bill, for satisfaction of those Gottenburg 
freights which I was to make good to his Majesty, according to 
agreement. So now there is nothing undetermined about the Got- 
tenburg affair, beside taking up my imprest bills for those bills per- 
fected, and left with Lord Brouncker, and settling about the 360 


masts. With notes that the Navy Board judge no answer needful. — 
[Zbid. No. 153.] 


Sept. 25. Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. What work is to be 
Deptford. done to the Lenow pleasure boat? Pray hasten in the timber for 


the carved works of the London, promised by Mr. Mayors. [Ibid. 
No. 154.) 


Sept. 26. Joseph Blaydes to the Navy Commissioners. I beg payment of 
Hull. money due, as it is not my own, but certain poor men’s, as your 


1669. 


Sept. 26. 


Portsmouth. 


Sept. 26. 


Sept. 26. 


Sept. 26. 
Deal. 


Sept. 26. 


Portsmouth. 


Sept. 27. 
Chester. 


Sept. 27. 
Brooke House, 
Holborn. 


Sept. 27. 


Westminster. 


CHARLES II. 503 


Honours and Sir Jeremy Smith well know. Sir Jeremy told the 
men they should have their money soon. I hope not to suffer for 
my goodwill to the King. John Harrison is loading with the 
timber. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 265, No. 155.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I request 
that the treasurers will order Mr. Ridge to pay for the materials 
for fencing about the King’s house here, and also the bills for pro- 
visions, and for the plank and timber contracted for with Peter 
Hasler. You will have an account of Hunts knavery, but I judge 
their knot is so broken that they will hardly trust one another in 
their pilfering trade, if any of them dare use it for the future. I 
hope a good launching day at Michaelmas, after which I shall wait 
upon you in London. [Zbid. No. 156.] 


Warrant for the ship Release of London to be made free for the 
Norway trade. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 169,} 


Caveat in favour of Mr. Chiffinch, that nothing pass of a toll at 
Middlewich, co. Chester. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 32, p. 7.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. The Sweepstakes and some mer- 
chant ships outward bound have sailed ; there are only one Virginia 
ship and a Frenchman in the Downs. Thirty Frenchmen and 
some English from Calais have been landed at Deal. [S.P. Dom., 
Car II. 265, No. 157.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The great ship will be launched 
next Monday. [Zbid. No. 158.] 


Ma. Anderton to Williamson. The assizes were held last week, 
when the court bound over the conventiclers to appear next 
sessions, to be of good behaviour meantime, and to give bail to 
prosecute their traverse with effect. [Jbid. No. 159.] 


Order, signed by Viscount Halifax, on behalf of the Committee 
of Accounts, that William Wardour, Clerk of the Pells, be desired to 
transmit an account of money paid, issued, or assigned out of the 
Exchequer, upon the Act for Additional Supply, according to former 
directions and his own promise. [Jbzd. No. 160.] 


Commission to Ralph Montague, Ambassador in France, Henry, 
Earl of St. Albans, Henry, Lord Arundel of Wardour, Walter 
Montague, almoner of the late Queen Dowager, and Dr. Leoline 
Jenkins, at request of the King of France, to take possession of her 
property, jewels, furniture, &c., which have been secured by the 
said King in Paris and elsewhere; to give discharges to those who 
deliver up the goods; to pass all legal acts before notaries, and to send 
in her will and papers speedily to his Majesty, without looking 
at them; also if there be a will, not to meddle with the estate till 
the King’s pleasure be known. 

Also to pay the officers retained to attend the funeral, give them 
mourning, and defray expenses till i Jan.; to dismiss unnecessary 
servants,. paying their wages and wiaticum,; to defray the 


504 


1669. 


[Sept. 27.] 


Sept. 27. 
Whitehall. 


Sept 27. 
Whitehall. 


Sept. 27. 
Chatham. 


Sept. 27. 
Wexford 
[Ireland]. 


Sept. 27. 
Deptford. 


Sept 28. 
Deptford. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


expenses of depositing the body, and interring the heart with 
solemnity ; to cause all necessary places to be hung with black 
and escutcheons; to inventory the debts, and to pay the servants 
and creditors; to audit and pass all accounts relating to this com- 
mission, and to give discharges to the accountants. The disbursements 
in this commission are not to exceed the sum limited in his Majesty's 
private instructions. The said Commissioners are to have power 
to sell or alienate any part of the estate, to release debtors, to change 
bonds, and to take them in their own names. [Latin. 102 pages. 
S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 265, No. 161.] 


Clause in the instructions to the Commissioners for disposal of 
the Queen Mother’s estate, that Sir Thos. Bond is to issue reason- 
able allowances for transport of such of her servants as desire to 
return to England. [Draft by Williamson. Ibid. No. 162.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of 
Bertrand de Barbere, for a salary for his pains and expense in 
improving cloth of gold, silver, silk, hair, woollen and thread 
manufactures, according to his Majesty’s frequent encouragement: 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 69.] 


Recommendation of the petition of Hartgill Baron—for a lease for 
31 years, in reversion after the present 24 years’ lease to Sir Rich. 
Braham, of Thanet Farm, near Windsor—to the Treasury Com- 
missioners, the King having promised him compensation for what 
he assigned to Prince Rupert in Windsor Castle. [Zbid. p. 70.] 


Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. Mr. Law- 
rence is under no mistake as to his report of Mr. Fellowes’ timber ; 
there is no knee timber, so I shall forbear sending to view it any 
more. Another vessel lies sunk here, called the Minion; let her 
be added to the number of wrecks and bottoms of wrecks. The 
horseboat was despatched to Deptford, with her lading of junk and 
cables, on the 24th. The plank you ordered down in her is very 
short, and of little use for the new ship. 

Mr. Moorcock desires to borrow the Macklier or Black Post 
Horse hoy, to fetch the remainder of his timber from Maldon, 
and will pay what freight you think fit. The 20 dozen oars sent 
are of little use, being short and extraordinary crooked. There 
being a tender of 60,000 of reed, shall it be bought, a greater quan- 
tity being wanted? [1} pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 265, No. 163.] 

And. Tonnard to Jonas Shish. I offer a parcel of good knee 
timber for sale, but as it will cost me 2001., I want advice before 
meddling as to the value of knees per load, and of treenails per 
1,000. If you need it, you will find me as just in my dealing as 
ever you found my father. [Copy forwarded by Shish. Ibid. 
No. 164.] 

Capt. John Tinker to the Navy Commissioners. I desire you 


to consider of providing blocks for the Loyal London. [Ibid. 
No. 165.] 


Thos. Turner and W. Fownes to the Navy Commissioners. We 
have caused Mr. Edgehill to attend you in London, who can give 


1669. 


Sept. 28. 
Hampton Court. 


Sept. 28. 
Sept. 28. 


Sept. 28. 


Sept. 29. 
Lyme. 


Sept. 29. 
Milford. 


Sept. 29. 


Sept. 29. 
Deptford. 


Sept. 30. 
Whitehall. 


CHARLES It. 505 


satisfaction touching the complaint made against some shivers, sent 
to Portsmouth for launching the new ship. [S.P. Don, Car. II. 
265, No. 166.] 


Warrant for a patent to George Herriott of the sole exercise, 
for 14 years, of his new invention of an iron press, with an iron 


spindle running in a copper box, for cold-pressing woollen cloths. 
[Zbid. No. 166A.] 


Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 169.] 


Warrant for a grant to Silvester Dennis, for 41 years, on sur- 
render of a similar grant by Eleanor Villiers, and in reversion after 
a former one to John Buckworth, of the rent of 500l. a year, from 
the profits of the river brought from Chadwell and Amwell to 
London. [Zbid.] 


Pass for Lord Ascott to Holland, with Henry Topham and 4 
servants. Minute. [Jbid. f. 170.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. The Francis of Lyme has arrived from 
Morlaix, laden chiefly with oakum, and complains of the deadness 
of English manufactures there, owing to the quantity of wool 
received from Ireland and other parts; she reports the raising of 
forces and fitting of ships at Brest, for Candia. Another ship of 
Lyme, from Rotterdam, reports that they speak there of a war 
with France, and are fitting up several great ships, and that an 
eminent French Protestant was lately put to a torturing death by 
the King, for holding intelligence with the States. Several vessels 
are in port, outward bound for places named. 

I will report each post what offers, but shall expect a weekly 
letter in return, as well as the Gazette, according to the engage- 
ment from the first. With note by Hickes [to Williamson] that if 
the letter is not sent every Saturday, the intelligence from those 
parts will soon cease. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 265, No. 167.] 


John Powell to Hickes. No ships are in the harbour, and there 
is no news to send. [Jbid. No. 168.] 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 169.] 


Thos. Turner to Thos. Hayter. Mr. Burroughs ought to be sent 
down to Chatham and Deptford, to view the water engines sent 
imperfect last April, as to whether they may be made fit for service, 
or they will be sold by the candle for old brass work. Remember 
a set of weights for weighing nails; let me know what charcoal 
and candles are allowed to yachts, for their commanders wrangle, 
and are ready to tear me to pieces, if they have not 10 lbs. of 
candles a month each, and a bushel of charcoal, whether it be 
winter or summer, which I am sure they cannot want in summer. 


[lbid. No. 170.] 


M. Wren to the Navy Commissioners. When you attended his 
Royal Highness, there was some discourse concerning the clothes 
put on board Sir Thos. Allin’s fleet by the slopseller, which arose 
from a clause in Sir Thomas’s letter to me from Cadiz. Consider 


506 


1669. 


Sept. 30. 


Portsmouth. 


Sept. 30. 


Portsmouth. 


Sept. 30. 


[Sept. 30.] 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


what is fit to be done in it, so that all abuses of like nature 
may be prevented for the future. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 265, 
No. 171.] Encloses, 


Sir Thos. Allin to Wren. The part of owr general instructions 
which limits the price of clothes is very troublesome and 
impracticable, and our men are likely to suffer extreme 
wants thereby. The pursers plead that they have received 
clothes from the slopseller, to sell at certain rates, or else 
to return, and that they will not engage in suits by 
underselling them. Most of the clothes are too fine, as for 
instance, laced waistcoats from 14s. to 20s., and worsted 
stockings from 4s. to 6s. It had been well if the Navy Commis- 
sioners had agreed with the slopseller, before the commanders 
had been put to this necessity of breaking orders, or under- 
going suits as soon as they are out of commission, which 
they must do if they take the clothes by force; and you may 
consider whether it be fit that his Royal Highness order 
Major Beckford to give an accownt to the Commissioners 
why he has set exorbitant prices on his clothes, and sent 
none that he can suffer to be issued to the men at the rates 
appointed.—Cadiz, 11 Aug. 1669. [Ibid. No. 1711] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. We have 
twice failed in an attempt to launch the new ship; I am preparing 
for another trial to-day. [Jbid. No. 172.} 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Great preparations are being 
made for the launch of the new ship. [Zbid. No. 173.] 


M. Flamarens to Williamson. I want an order for restora- 
tion of an ell and a half of black cloth for a vest, taken from my 
valise at Rochester; I brought it to. be made in England, where 
they make them better than in Paris, and it must match the rest of 
my suit. Sir John Shaw has promised to write to the Rochester 
Custom House officers to get it restored, but he says it may have 
been taken by an officer who has a patent from the King, in which 
case it would be needful for you to write at once. [Prench. Ibid. 
No. 174.] . 


Petition of Sir Thos. Clutterbuck, Consul at Leghorn, to the 
King, for such consideration and assistance as may be thought fit. 
By warrants of the Duke of York, dated 28 Mar. 1661 and 
27 Feb. 1664, I was appointed agent at Leghorn, as well for 
supplying all your Majesty’s ships which should come in to any 
port belonging to the Grand Duke of Tuscany, with provisions and 
other necessaries, as also for assisting them and their commanders 
in all things needful. I performed the office of agent for the whole 
of your Majesty’s affairs there for 4 years, there being no other 
public minister at that place, and have been put to great expense 
and trouble, from"which I am not yet altogether freed, and which 
has been greatly aggravated by my being forced to come to England, 
for no other purpose than to adjust my accounts for victualling 
ships. I hope his Royal Highness has reported that I have dis- 
charged my duty. [Jbid. No. 175.] 


1669. 


Sept. 30. 
Leghorn. 


CHARLES II. 507 


Sir Thos. Clutterbuck to Lord [Arlington]. I send two narra- 
tives of transactions between me and Ralph Hooker, a Barbadoes 
merchant, and others by whom I sent goods, of which my five- 
sixteenths is worth near 2,000/., and I think that Hooker or his 
heirs ought to make good my losses mentioned, besides the interest 
for 124 years. 

In Dec. 1658, I trusted John Allin, merchant, supercargo of the 
ship Hunter bound for Barbadoes, with a considerable cargo of 
sugar, wherein I had half an interest, and gave him full power, on 
arriving at Barbadoes, to call Hooker to account; but he effected 
nothing save aggravating the loss, by going away in my debt 8100. 
Allin confesses himself debtor for the product of my half interest in 
the cargo of sugar, which—had he sent it to Leghorn, instead of un- 
justly detaining it in his own hands, and using it for his own 
occasions,—would have yielded me nearly 2,0007. This I have lost, 
as well as the interest on it for 10 years. Allin likewise kept the 
ship for some time, promising to give her a full loading, and at last 
returned her to Leghorn with only a third part loading, upon the 
freight of which I lost 1,000/. As Hooker's heirs are residing at 
Barbadoes, and the two English merchants complained of in the 
enclosures are yet living, I beg your lordship will commiserate my 
fate, and procure his Majesty’s speedy and effectual commands to 
the Governor, and those in authority on the island, that justice may 
be done without delay, and that such estate and effects as shall be 
declared due to me may be consigned to the gentlemen upon the 
island holding the procuration, which has been sent to enable them 
to appear for me. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 265, No. 176.] Annexing, 

Narrative by Sir Thos. Clutterbuck, of the case between him and 
John Canham and Slaughter Lee, merchants. In 1657 I 
despatched from Leghorn a frigate to Barbadoes, in which my 
share,—being five-siateenths, value 2,0001.,—was consigned 
to Ralph Hooker of Barbadoes, from whom I did not receive 
3007. in return. In 1663, I attached goods sent by Hooker 
on the ship Companion to John Canham and Slaughter Lee, 
for the balance due, and called them before the magistrates, 
which caused an expensive suit im the Court of Chancery at 
Florence, in Nov. 1663, and I obtained a favourable sentence ; 
but I was persuaded to put the case on a reference to 4 English 
and 2 Italian merchants, and we swore to abide by their deci- 
sion. In April 1664, they awarded that Canham and Lee 
should pay me 2,167 pieces of 8, being Hookers part of the 
effects brought over, and 128 pieces of 8 as Hookers part of 
cards brought over by the said ship; the award was con- 
firmed by the magistracy of Pisa, and the said moneys were 
paid to me. Yet their oaths notwithstanding, last April 
Canham and Lee arrested me in an action of 1,5001., with- 
drew that, and, entered a writ against me for 600l., and 
after some imprisonment, I was forced to give in bail. 

My wife hearing that Canham and Lee had treacherously 
fallen upon me here, consulted some lawyers in Leghorn, 
who advised her to make application to the Grand Duke, 


508 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. 

citing as a precedent for such interference the case of 
Mr. Child and Rob. Foote, English merchants, against Veltz, 
a German. She—reflecting on her sufferings by my absence, 
and being in a strange country with 4 children without a 
provider—went to Florence, and made known her condition, 
when commands were sent to the Governor of Leghorn for 
the imprisonment of Lee ; but he, hearing of the proceedings 
against him, went to Florence also, and demanded the protec- 
tion of Sir John Finch, his Mayesty’s Resident there, who so 
effectually recommended Lees interest at Court, that what 
was before granted according to custom was suspended, 
although Mr. Longland offered himself as security on my 
behalf. [8 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 265, No. 1761.] 


Like narrative, with differences in the details, an order in 
Council of 22 Oct. 1669 thereon, and a request for a 
reference of the case to the Grand Duke. [3} pages. Ibid. 
No. 17611.] 


Sept. [30.] Warrant to pay to the churchwardens and overseers of the poor 
of St. Margaret’s, Westminster, 1007., the King’s free gift, towards 
the relief of the poor there. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 87.] 


Sept. 30. Grant to the treasurer of King Charles’ Hospital, parish of 
St. Margaret’s, Westminster, of 502. yearly for the use of the poor and 
fatherless children there. Endorsed with note, 3 Dec. 1669, that 
this is part of the 1000. a year given by the King to the poor of the 
parish, and is only during pleasure. [Parchment. S.P. Dom., 
Cor, LINZ65, NG. 150.) 


Sept. [30.] Docquet of the above. [Docquet, Vol. 24, Nos. 87, 88.] 


Sept. [80.] Warrant to pay to the churchwardens and overseers of the poor 
of St. Margaret’s, Westminster, 50/. for their relief. Endorsed with 
note that the privy seal should express that this and the preceding 
make up the 100/. given by the King to the poor. [Parchment. 
S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 265, No. 178.] 


Sept. [30.] Docquet of the above. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 89. These two 
docquets are noted that the Treasury Commissioners have been 
acquainted with the warrants dated from the Treasury Chambers, 
Whitehall, 3 Dec. 1669, and directed to the Privy Seal Commissioners. ] 


[Sept. 30.] Patent appointing Adrian May, groom of the privy chamber, 
conservator of all waters belonging to the honour of Hampton 
Court, running from Longford through Hounslow Heath, and falling 
into the Thames, of all breaches and overflowings of the same, and 
of all fishing and fowling thereon. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 265 
No. 179] 


Sept. 30. Minute of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, et COM 


Sept. 30. __ Licence to Sir Alex. Frazer to stay for 3 months [in Scotland]. 
Minute. [Zbid. f. 171.] 


Sept. 30. The King to [the Dean and Chapter of] Windsor. We having 
dispensed with the absence last year of Dr. John Lloyd, one of the 


CHARLES II. 509 


1669. 
prebendaries, you are to allow him all privileges and advantages of 
his prebend, notwithstanding his absence. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 31, f. 34.] 


Sept. 30. Caveat in favour of Mr. Progers, equerry, that nothing pass of the 
estate of Wm. Williams, for killing Edm. Morgan. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 32, p. 6.] 


Sept. 30. Grant to James Butler, in reversion after Hen. Wynne, of the 
offices of Steward of Westminster Palace and the Court of Mar- 
shalsea of the Household. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 86.] 


Sept. 30. Grant to Wm. Prettyman, Chas. Porter, and John Fenn, on sur- 
render of James Rogers and Richard and John Verney, of the office 
of Remembrancer of the first-fruits and tenths. [Jbid.] 


Sept. ? Notes [by Williamson, probably on the death of the Queen 
Mother] of precedents relative to messages of condolence inter- 
changed between princes. Sir Nicholas Armorer was presented on 
being sent over to notify the death of the Princess Royal, and 
Duke of Gloucester; Mons. Soigne, who was sent in return to 
condole, was also presented. Upon the death of the Queen of 
Bohemia, none were sent, it being done by letters. Upon the death 
of the Queen Mother of Portugal, Mr. Roper was sent to condole , 
and was presented, as also upon the death of the Duchess of Savoy ; 
and if any are sent to England from Savoy on a like occasion, their 
presentation will be expected. M. de Bellefonds, sent from the 
King of France to condole on the death of the late King of Spain, 
was reported to have been presented, and so was Des Moulens, sent 
on the same occasion from the Queen of France. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 265, No. 179a.] 


Sept. ? Petition of Sieur Deschappelle, Lieutenant of the Guards-of the 
late Queen Mother, and of her 5 bedchamber women, to the King 
for payment of 1,000 jacobuses owed by the Queen to each of them 
-—except Louise de Planey, whose debt is 800 louis d’or—of 
500 due to their late mother, and of such reward as thought fitting 
for their 40 years’ service. Would have come to England to solicit 
for themselves, but understood his Majesty did not wish it, and 
they have therefore entrusted their cause to [Sir Thos.] Bond. 
[French. Ibid. No. 180.] 


Sept. ? Petition of the late Queen Mother's footmen to the King, for 
support after long and faithful service; were only paid their wages 
due in France, and her sudden death has deprived them of all future 
means of subsistence. [Jbid. No. 181.] 


Sept. ? Petition of old Ant. Goddard, for 43 years footman to the late Queen 
Mother, to the King, for allowance for mourning for his said dear 
lady, as granted to his fellows of a few years’ standing ; and also for 
4 years’ linen money due to him. [Jbid. No. 182.] 


Sept. ? The King to the Duke of York. You are to give orders for send- 
ing to Rouen a ship fit to bring over certain of the goods and 
household stuff of the late Queen Mother, remaining in France at 
her decease. [Draft by Williamson. Ibid. No. 183.] 


510 


1669. 
Sept. 


Sept. 


Sept. 


Sept. ? 


Sept. 


Sept. 


Sept. 
Deal, 


Oct. 1. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Warrant to pay to Rob. Foley 4,335l., due to the King from 
Chris. Jay, late receiver of hearth money in Norfolk, and the re- 
mainder of 4,401. 10s. 2d. due to him on several orders to be paid 
from the Exchequer. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 87.] 


Warrant to the Treasurer of the Chamber to pay 12d. daily to 
Henry Brockwell, appointed keeper of lutes and viols, in place of 
Rich. Hudson, deceased. [Jbid. No. 90.] 


Memoranda from the Signet book of offices granted in reversion, 
from May 1667 to Sept. 1669. [8 pages. SP. Dom., Car. II. 265, 
No. 184.] ; 


[Projected] Commission to prorogue the Parliament, which began 
8 May 1661, has continued by several prorogations, and is appointed 
to reassemble on 19 Oct. 1669, but which the King wishes to prorogue 
still further. [Latin. 14 pages. Ibid. No. 184a.] 


Wm. Acworth to the Navy Commissioners. I send an account of 
provisions sold in May 1669 to persons named. [Jbid. No. 185.] 


Abstract of an account by Col. Thos. Middleton, of stores 
fit to be supplied to the several yards for the years 1669 and 1670, 
amounting in-value to 12,0001. [Zbid. No. 186.] 


Lists sent by Morgan Lodge, to Williamson, of King’s and 
merchant ships in the Downs, the state of the wind, time of the 
arrival and despatch of mails, &c. 


Vol. M Mails. 

265. Date. | King’s. deans: Want eea REMARKS, 
Ar- De- 

No. rival. į parture. 

187 | Sept. 6 1 16 S.W. — — 

LSSal ieee 7 1 — E. — — 

TE Sey UG 1 — N.E. = wA 

190 Aye RG 1 — N.E. — — 

191 » l4 1 — N.E. — — 

War e ie 1 1 E.N.E. | — — 

193 Sma. 1 3 E.N.E. — — 

194 Ay ite! 1 3 S.E. — — 

195 E) 1 5 S.W. — — 

196 yy 20 1 9 S.W. — — 

i, We, 1 8 S.W. — = 

198 ee uf 10 S. — — 

199 | ;,. 24 1 10 S.W. — = 

AN a5 26 1 9 N.E. — — The fleet is under sail. 

201 pad 1 2 E.S.E. a — 


Petition of Wm. Fergison, mariner, to the King, to be allowed to 
return to the fleet, where his whole life has been spent, and not be 
transported as a merchant’s slave. Has received a reprieve, but 
being only a poor seaman, is utterly undone by lying in prison. 
With reference thereon to the Lord Chief Justice of the King’s 
Bench, or to Sir John Howell, the Recorder ; and report of the latter 
that the petitioner was convicted of picking the pocket of Wm. Done 
of 46s., but there being a probability that the accuser might have been 
mistaken in the person that robbed him, and divers credible persons 


1669. 


Oct. 1. 


[Oct. 1.] 
Whitehall. 


Oct. 1. 


Oct. 1. 


Oct. 1. 


Oct. 1. 
Plymouth. 


1 
Oct. tr. 
Brussels. 


Oct. 1. 


Yarmouth. 


Oct. L. 
Deal. 


Oct. 1. 


Portsmouth. 


CHARLES If. 511 


appearing on behalf of the petitioner, he is a fit object for his 
Majesty’s pardon. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 266, No. 1.] 


Entry of the above reference, (SP. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 70.] 


Like petition of Wm. Fergison, for free pardon, and to be capa- ` 
citated to get his living in his calling. [SP. Dom., Car, II. 266, 
No. 2.] 

Warrant for a grant to the Queen Consort, of Denmark House, 
alias Somerset House, alias Strand House, with its gardens, 
orchards, &c., as formerly granted to the Queen Mother. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 170.] 


Caveat in favour of the Earl of Bridgwater, that nothing pass of 

the stewardship of Tring, co. Hertford. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 32, 
pr. 6.] 
The King to the Attorney-General. Recapitulation of a previous 
warrant, assigning upon certain portions of the revenue of Ireland 
the payment of 50,000/. to James, Earl of Suffolk, for purchase of 
Audley End. As these orders for payment cannot be observed, you 
are to prepare a grant of the said sum; 30,000/. to be paid from the 
moneys due on the late Act passed in Ireland, after payment 
of 10,0007. thereof to us; or from any other branch of the revenue, 
after payment of the arrears of the Army; and the remaining 
20,0002. to be paid in like manner, one moiety before 25 March 1671, 
and the other before 25 March 1672. In case the moneys prove in- 
sufficient for payment, the said sum is to be paid in some other 
way, and the said mansion safely conveyed to the King. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 26, f. '70.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. Departure of a ship for the Straits, and 


one for Virginia; two small French vessels have arrived, laden with 
salt. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 266, No. 3.] 


Fr. Crane to Rob. Francis. I have no news but what is received 
from the English Gazette. The Spanish soldiers rob so that the 
people are kept prisoners in their houses, and debarred of recreation, 
and the very waggoners and market people carry carbines and 


fowling pieces. [Jbid. No. 4.] 


A. Blower] to Williamson. A Greenland vessel has passed 
through the Road for London, and 100 sail of colliers. Some fisher 
boats went out and returned with 100 lasts of herrings, so we hope 
there will be some good fishing. A ship from Stockholm has arrived. 
[Ibid. No. 5.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. The Scots challenge his Majesty’s 
promise about their Church government, granted when he was last 
in Scotland, to which the Presbyterians here listen, and say 
Amen, being as ready as ever to make a new covenant of rebellion. 
[Lbid. No. 6.] 

Capt. Paul Bucknam to Col. Rob. Manley, to be left with 
Wm. Avery, town clerk of London, at his house in Gresham College. 
I have been detained, having to meet Lord Sandwich, the Ambas- 
sador, who came ashore on Monday and has gone to London. On 
Monday our Governor, Sir Philip [Honeywood], who waited on the 


512 


1669. 


Oct. 1. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 1. 
Deptford. 


Oct. 1. 
Chatham. 


Oct. 2. 
Chatham. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Earl, went out of town for 10 days; I hope, on his return, we shall 
get our pay; yours commences from 26 Sept. I am only acting as 
your steward, and am at some charge. I have sent one of 
your sick soldiers to the hospital, and you may have another for 
him. I will make a list of all muskets, pistols, &c. ; they are at your 
service. 

I desire my money may be ready within a fortnight, so 
that I may not be kept in London, as my father will not allow 
me 2d., except I marry a wife he has set out for me; but as she is 
not very handsome, though rich, I can hardly do so. I will write 
every week. Capt. Broughton came to me to treat with Col. Rat- 
cliffe, but I know not the man, and I never told him that you wrote 
to me, or I to him. With certificate by Col. Rob. Manley. This is 
Capt. Bucknam’s letter to me, and denotes the time when my com- 
mission ought to be dated, and when I am to enter upon my company 
and pay. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 266, No. 7.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. Israel 
Pownall, mastmaker at Portsmouth Yard, died last night; I request 
you to recommend Dan. Taylor to his Royal Highness for the em- 
ployment ; he has had his breeding under me, worked divers years 
upon masts, and is well acquainted with the rules. The new ship, 
St. Michael, went well off the ground yesterday. [Jbid. No. 8.] 


Thos. Turner to the Navy Commissioners. The Unity horseboat 
has brought some old junk from Chatham, which is only fit to be 
picked into oakum; I have taken it ashore. Having nothing to 
freight her with, she must return empty, unless you have any 
freight for her. [Zbid. No. 9.] 


Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. The 
Black Dog hoy has arrived, with her lading of plank. I will fit the 
Macklier and Black Post Horse hoys for fetching the timber from 
Stockwith. Understanding you will not venture the Black Dog to 
Stockwith any more, if you will lend her to Mr. Moorcock, she 
will serve his turn. I have caused your order as to the sale of the 
wrecks to be put up at Rochester and Chatham, and ordered their 
speedy appraisement. Mr. Gregory will make all possible haste about 
the pay due to Chatham Yard; he questions whether his quarterly 
books will be ready by Thursday, having 6 to make up, but he will 
be prepared by Monday. [Jbid. No. 10.] 


Col. Thos. Middleton to the Navy Commissioners. I have 
sent to Sir Roger Twysden that I intend to be with him on 
Monday about the timber, and ordered the purveyor to take an 
exact account of the trees, and let me know his judgment. I am 
troubled for the want of knees; I presume Mr. Ruffhead has been 
with you about the anchors. J think you will do well to try the 
market, and when you have done so, I know it will be good 
husbandry to give 5 per cent. more to him than to any man in 
England, except the King’s smith at Deptford. The calkers will not 
finish the work in hand till next March, when it will be time to 
begin anew; it is strange that the Thames cannot afford 20 calkers : 
what would you do if all the King’s ships were to be sent to sea 2 


1669. 


Oct. [2.] 


Octa 2: 


Wanstead. 


Oct. 2. 


London. 


Oct. 2. 
Milford. 


Oct. 2. 


Oct. 2. 
Hull. 


79380. 


CHARLES II. 513 


There will be a great want of blocks for the new ship, but the 
making them of green wood should be avoided, as great damage is 
often occasioned thereby. [24 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 266, 
No. 11.] 


Petition of Lewzy Allen, carver, to the Navy Commissioners, for 
a recommendation to his Royal Highness for the carver’s place at 
Portsmouth, vacant by death of Rob. Reynolds, having wrought in 
Chatham Yard ever since the Restoration. [Ibid. No. 12.] En- 
closes, 


Certificate by Thos. Fletcher, that Lewzy Allen is an able and 
diligent workman, and fit for the said place—2 Oct. 1669. 
[Zbid. No. 121.] 


Sir Wm. Penn to the Navy Commissioners. Particulars of 3 books 
required by Sir Jeremy Smith. One consisted of single sheets 
relating to sick and wounded, which were lost; but one of 
Sir Jeremy Smith’s office clerks might collect the same, he 
having the Commissioners’ books for sick and wounded in his 
hands. The second was a book of indents and charges of pursers ; 
the third was the copy of pursers’ accounts cleared in my time. 
There is nothing contained in either but what I left in the office, 
either in books or papers fairly written. [14 pages. Ibid. No. 13.] | 


Edw. Wayte to Viscount Conway, Dublin. I have paid the 


coachmaker 40/., out of the money that Mr. Garatt had by him at 


his death, and Mr. Smith must bave 29/. more when I receive the 
300. bill. I sent the coachmaker’s bill, 997. 1s., and 3/. 3s. for my 
charges in sending to Chester, making 102/. 4s., to Sir George Raw- 
don. Mr. Garatt took a warrant to Sir Rob. Vyner for the plate, 
and I suppose you received the money for it. The imprest and 
creation money are not received as yet; I have sent 40 times to 
Whitehall about it; they promise fair, but say no viscounts or 
barons’ warrants are signed as yet. I heard Garatt speak of a bill 
for 70/. he had received from you; I suppose he disposed of it ac- 
cording to instructions, but am unwilling to look over his papers until 
you come. I send an inventory of all the things in your house. I 
forwarded some books to her ladyship at Ragley; I took her muff 
and tippet to be cleaned by the furrier, the moth having got 
into them. I delivered the 2 bills from Cratford, as ordered, 
[2 pages. Ibid. No. 14.] 


John Powell to Williamson. The Truelove of Bristol has put in 
here; she is bound for Tangiers, with provisions and other goods. 
[Zbid. No. 15.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 16.] 


Chas. Whittington to Williamson. Four vessels have sailed for 
Holland ; the St. Jacob, a Swede, for Stockholm; the Merchants’ 
Adventure for Bordeaux, a billander for Bruges, and a ship for 
Newhaven. Two have arrived from Gottenburg, and one from 
Norway; 80 sail of laden colliers passed by for the south. [Zbid. 
No. 17] 

KK 


514 


1669. 
Oct. 2. 


Southampton. 


Oct. 3. 


Dover, 
8 p.m. 


Oct. 3. 


Dover. 


Oct. 3. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 3. 


Oct. 
Oct. 3. 


Oct. 
Oct. 3. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Thos. Butler to Williamson. I sent the petition of John Warner 
of Winton, concerning his son John, a child in Winton College, by 
Dr. Clerk, as directed. Has his Majesty granted any letter for any 
one in the college for the year 1670? If not, I beg you will procure 
one for the nomination of Warner’s son to New College, Oxford, 
the following year; the due premium for such favour shall be 
punctually paid to your order. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 266, No. 18.] 


Dr. Jenkins to [Williamson]. It was said the Commissioners 
should have a note under Mr. Brown’s hand of the goods, &c., 
ordered out of Somerset House, but I do not know who has it, and 
do not conceive it proper for me to ask my Lord S. A. [St. Albans] 
nor Sir T. Blond] for it; the words seem to import that the 
paper was to be delivered at Paris. I beg a line in the affair, and 
your promised project of the treaty. [Damaged. Ibid. No. 19.] 


John Carlile to Williamson. Madam Stewart, mother to the 
Duchess of Richmond, arrived from France yesterday. The 
Henrietta has sailed for Calais with the Earl of St. Albans, 
Lord Arundel, Col. Thos. Howard, brother of the Earl of Carlisle, 
Sir Rob. Hart, and Dr. Jenkins, for the purpose, it is supposed, of 
interring her Majesty, the late Queen Mother, at Paris. [Jbid. 
No. 20.] i 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Thursday the great ship called 
the Saint Michael was launched, after great difficulties. [Ibid. 
No. 21.] 


Privy seal for 3501. 13s. 4d. to [Wm.] Bucknall, being the 
interest on 70,0001., from 24 June to 24 Aug. 1669, and 6497, 6s. 8d. 
as gratification for services done. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 30, f. 171.] 

Docquet of the above, dated Oct. 12. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 92.] 

Warrant for a pardon to Wm. Fergison, convicted at the Old 
Bailey sessions of felony, but reprieved, he having spent much time 
in service in the fleet, and other circumstances recommending him 
to mercy. [Zbid. f. 171.] 

Docquet of the above, dated Oct. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 101.] 


The King to the Lord Keeper. Lord Robartes, Keeper of the Privy 
Seal being made Lieutenant of Ireland, was directed to leave the 
privy sealin our hands. We having appointed Sir Edw. Dering, Bart., 
Sir Thos. Strickland, and Rob. Milward, Commissioners for keeping 


_ the Privy seal, you are to deliver the same to Lord Arlington, to be 


[Oct. 3.] 
Oct. 3. 


by him delivered to the said Commissioners. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 31, f. 35.] 


Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 266, No. 22.] 


Col. Walter Slingsby to Williamson. I have been abroad with 
the Plate and Royal Oak lotteries, and know not what my brother 
trustees will do about their list. I would not be known to swell it, 
but beg that Mrs. Heydon, daughter of a brave officer, and 


Mrs. Holloway, widow of a gallant person, may be put on the list 
[Ibid. No. 23.] a y be p e list. 


1669. 
Oct. 4. 


Oct. 4. 
Chatham. 


CHARLES II. 515 


Declaration by the trustees appointed for management of all 
lotteries for loyal necessitated commission ofticers, that though the 
list of those concerned in this grant is impatiently expected, they 
have met with great trouble and intricacy in preparing it, several 
making claims who, on inquiry, are found to have no right thereto ; 
and they have had to give time and liberty to claimants, to prove 
their rights. 


The trustees are very sensible of the wants of the truly meri- 
torious persons for whom they are entrusted, yet wonder at their 
clamours for a speedy supply, not considering that the affair is 
attended with much charge and care, and that if the stocks of 
plate were broken to satisfy present wants, it would prejudice 
future interests. They are sorry to find that, though for 14 months 
they have given the lotteries their constant care, and reduced them 
to lower odds than has been’ done before, for encouragement of 
adventurers, they do not turn out as well as was hoped for; though 
4,0007. has been paid to Lewis, the goldsmith, a remaining debt of 
2,0007. to him and others is still unpaid. [1 sheet, printed. S.P. 
Dom., Car. IT, 266, Nos. 24, 25. Two copies.] 


Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. I send a 
demand from the shipwright and storekeeper for provisions wanting, 
and an appraisement of several wrecks. The sides of the Constant 
John giving way, I shall not be able to weigh her, and to save 
charge, I have ordered all provisions and vessels to be brought up, 
except the Hardereen, which will be convenient to lodge the men 
to be continued in pay, till they have completed blowing up the 
wrecks. The powder and granadoes, with other materials, have 
arrived from the Tower, but I cannot prevail with the storekeeper 
of the Ordnance to let Capt. Moorcock and Mr. Moore use any of 
their conveniences in filling the chests, he having an order to the 
contrary, as the Ordnance officer here thinks it dangerous. I desire 
you will speedily obtain leave, or his Royal Highness’s commands ; 
I cannot apprehend that the danger will be greater here than at 
Woolwich, where all things were received and fitted in their store- 
house, and on their wharf. 

The Macklier and Black Post Horse hoys will be ready to sail on 
Wednesday, and to victual for 2 months apiece; I have ordered 
Capt. Moorcock and Mr. Moore to supply them, and also the 
Black Dog, with the provisions in their custody, their men being 
now upon discharge. I sent to Maidstone to inquire whether there 
is any timber there fit for the new ship. I informed Mr. Gregory 
that you will not send down to pay till Monday. I find the water 
engine was all decayed, and only the brass work was sent up. 
[13 pages. Ibid. No. 26.] Enclosing, 


Certificate by Wm. Rand and 4 others, that on warrant from 
Commissioner Cox, they have viewed the wrecks and bottoms 
of wrecks named, lying in the Medway, and have appraised 
them at sums mentioned, amounting in the whole to 113l,— 
2 Oct. 1669. [Lbid. No. 261] 


KK 2 


516 


1669. 
Oct. 4. 


Treasury 
Chambers. 


Oct. 4. 


London. 


Oct. 4. 
Stockwith. 


Oct. 4. 


Oct. 
Oct. 4. 


Oct. 4. 


1669 ? 


[Oct. 4.] 
York. 


1669. 
Oct. 4. 


Pendennis. 


Oct. 4. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Sir George Downing to the Navy Commissioners. By command 
of the Commissioners, I desire you will despatch the accounts of the 
Earl of Anglesey, as late Treasurer of the Navy, and also those of 
Sir Denis Gauden; from their long depending, the service has 
suffered great prejudice. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 266, No. 27.] 


Sir Rich. Ford to the Navy Commissioners. I request you will 
order your workmen to do what is necessary for our common safety 
with regard to the chimneys between your office and my house, 
which meet in a common stack, and I will pay an equitable pro- 
portion of the charge. [Lbid. No. 28.] 


John Russell to the Navy Commissioners. I was not with the 
Black Dog at her last loading of timber, which you are right in 
saying was bad, but I cannot help its lying so long after being 
felled ; I take as much care as I can to send in good. I have sent 
a bill of lading of the James, containing 33 loads; you may be 
informed that this timber is bad. Mr. Harrison will not be loaded 
till the end of the week, and the Adam and Eve is aground, and 
cannot come up till the next spring [tide]. [Zbid. No. 29.] 


Warrant to Lord Admiral the Duke of York, to deliver to John 
Straughan the Hind ketch, alias Kitchen, with her anchor, apparel, 
&c., as the King’s free gift. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, 
E] 


Docquet of the above dated 11 Oct. [Docquet. Vol. 24, No. 91.] 


Warrant to Lord Chamberlain Manchester to swear in Philip 
Vignon as one of the King’s limners in ordinary. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 25, f. 126.] 


Like warrant to swear in Claude Vignon as limner. Minute. 


[Ibid.] 


T. Aslaby, collector of the customs at York, to Williamson, at 
his office, Scotland Yard. A conventicle is held at York every 
Sabbath day by Luck, a Nonconformist minister, and is frequented 
by a great many of the town. These unlawful assemblies look like 
the forerunner of the late sad rebellion; therefore I hope they 
may be suppressed, before they come to too great a head. To 
avoid all distaste or resentment, being a stranger here, I desire 
all communications to be sent to Wm. Warter, in the post office 
at York. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 266, No. 30.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. Sixty sail of ships are in port, out- 
ward bound, some being for the Straits and other ports, but most 
for France, for wines. The African, and divers others, put to sea, 
but were forced back again. A small vessel from Ireland reports 
that 30 sail of French wåtered at Barbadoes some time since, and 
that it is reported in Ireland that they have since fallen on 
Hispaniola, and taken it. [Zbid. No. 31.] 


Calendar of 6 persons committed [in London and Westminster | 
since the last general quarter sessions, 2 of whom were sent to 
the House of Correction, 3 bailed by Sir Wm. Poulteney, Bart., and 


1669. 


Oct. 4. 


Oct. 5. 
Plymouth. 


Oct. 5. 
Oct. 5. 


Southampton. 


Oct. 5. 
Letter Office. 


Oct. 5. 


CHARLES: II. 517 


others, and one discharged for transportation; also of 4, now in 
custody ; also of 34 committed to the Gatehouse or bailed since 
the last general sessions, one of whom, Paul Bovey, was charged 
with conspiring the death of the Earl of Manchester, in his journey 
to London. [4 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 266, No. 82.] 


News-letter. The elections for Parliament are taking place in 
Scotland. There is a sudden change amongst the people, and none 
are to be chosen that will not sign a declaration against the cove- 
nant and other seditious practices, and that the indulgence to the 
exiled ministers was only a trepan. The provost of Dumfries de- 
clared that he hoped within 6 months the whole Book of Common 
Prayer would be used in Scotland. The borough of Annan refused 
Brice Blair as their burgess, because he would only pass his word, 
but not subscribe the declaration, so [Wm.] Graham, a country 
gentleman, was chosen. [Jbid. No. 33.] 


John Clarke to Williamson. A ship of Poole from Mevis [Nevis], 
and another from New England, have put in, and continue with 
others outward bound, waiting a fair wind. A vessel of the town 
sent to Newfoundland for fish has returned dead freighted, there 
being no fish to load her. [Jbid. No. 34.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 35.] 


[Capt.] R[ob.] M[anley] to Rob. Francis. I am still waiting for a 
fair wind; send me news and the Gazettes, “or this place will be 
the irksomest to me in the world.’ What success have my books 
had ? Direct your letters to Capt. Drake here, to be conveyed to me. 
[Lbid. No. 36.] 


A. Ellis to [Williamson]. The mails beginning to languish every 
day, and the postmasters growing proof against rebukes, I think 
it my duty to inform his lordship of the faults of Dalton Clark, 
and pray that you will have him sent for with all speed. We must 
spur the postmasters up before winter begins, otherwise we shall 
lose the course of the mails. [Jbid. No. 37.] Enclosing, 


A. Ellis to Lord Arlington. Dalton Clark, being deputy 
postmaster of the stage of Witham, is thereby obliged to ride 
with the mails through his stage, at the rate of 5 miles an 
hour; but on 30 June 1669, he was 9 hours riding to the 
neat stage, a distance of 18 miles; on 21 July he was 
6 hours riding the same distance, and on 26 Sept. he was 
7 hours. These neglects are of infinite prejudice to general 
despatch, especially of the foreign mails, in relation to the 
state of that passage at Harwich. Clark having refused 
to appear upon summons, at the Letter Office in London, to 
show cause, I pray you to send a messenger for him, to 
answer such defaults and contempt.—Letter Office, 5 Oct. 
1669. [Lbid. No. 371.] 


W. Sheridan to Lord [Arlington]. The Lord Lieutenant of Ire- 
land has issued a proclamation, requiring all persons having employ- 
ments there to be at them within 30 days; and notwithstanding my 


518 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


friends have assured him that I was unable to do so through illness, 
and desired absence until I have recovered, the Lord Lieutenant 
has denied it, and bid me stay away at my peril. As I owe 
possession of the deanery solely to your favour and friendship, 
I beg you will procure a letter from the King to the Lord 
Lieutenant, requiring him to dispense with me for 3 months. If 
the letter is procured, it should be sent to the Lord Primate [Michael 
Boyle, Archbishop of Dublin], to be forwarded; otherwise the 
Lord Lieutenant may conceal it. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 266, No. 38.] 
Annexing, 


Certificate by Thos. Sydenham, M.D., that Wm. Sheridan is 
very sick, and is a patient of his, and wnable to take æ 
journey out of town, without great hazard of his life—5 Oct. 
1669. [Zbid. No. 39.] 


Oct. 5. Certificate by Barth. Beale, Auditor of the Exchequer, of the 
state of the Earl of Newburgh’s account, for the rent of the farm of 
the 6d. writs in Chancery, farmed by him from Christmas 1663, but 
from which he was suspended June 1667 ; of the payments made by 
him, the deductions for allowances, &c., so that the King has only 
received 1,2397. 6s. 8d. [Zbid. No. 40. See 6 Dec. 1669.] 


Oct. 5. Order on the petition of Dr. [Wm.] Birstall—for appointment of 
some fit persons to examine the differences between him and 
Sir And. Henley—referring the same to the Bishop of Oxford and 
the Attorney-General, to compose the said differences, or report upon 
them to his Majesty. * [S.P. Dom. Entry Book 33, p. 71. See 
Calendar 1667-68, p. 125.] 


Oct. 5, Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. When 
Portsmouth. the new ship’s masts are set, I can wait upon you. Pray send down 
1,000 yards of French canvas, Capt. Ansley having orders to rig 
the Queen’s new ship out of the stores, and there being none there. 

[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 266, No. 41.] 


Oct. 5. Edw. Byland to Col. Middleton. The bearer has a sample of 

Woolwich. reed and broom, and if you will contract with him, he will serve it 
into the yard. I desire an order to Mr. Hayter to send some 
grindstones, which, although “of small validity,” are yet absolutely 
necessary. [Zbid. No. 42.] 


Oct. 5. M. Wren to the Navy Commissioners. His Royal Highness has 
thought fit to bring back the time of your weekly coming to him 
to Friday afternoon, so you need not attend to-morrow. [Jbid. 


No. 43.] 
Oct. 5. Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. Pray order down some 
Deptford. plumbers to the Sapphire, they refusing to attend without order. 
[Zbid. No. 44.] 


Oct. 6. Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. The Lords of the 
Vietuailing Treasury acquainted me that the service would suffer, as my 
Office, accounts were not given in. I delivered them to the Auditors of 
Imprests, as my contract directs, up to Dee. 1668, and gave the 
Commissioners of Accounts a breviat, whereby they may see what 

they amounted to in the time of the war ; but I acquainted them that 


1669. 


Oct. 6. 
Chatham. 


Oct. 6. 
Deptford. 


Oct. 6. 
Hull. 


Oct. 6 2 


CHARLES II. 519 


there were other disbursements for that time included in succeeding 
accounts. I have cnly to settle the Toulon and Leut accounts, 
which lie before the Lords of the Treasury, and an account of pro- 
visions received by pursers from victualling ships, for which they 
did not indent as is customary, so these victuals are not charged to 
the King; also an account of cask, both which I am drawing up, 
and shall shortly present, with a 6 months’ account from Jan. 1669 
to June last. All other accounts of victualling to Dec. 1668 are 
settled by you, and are with the auditors. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 266, 
No. 45.] 


Col. Thos. Middleton to the Navy Commissioners. There is a 
quantity of good timber in the yard, but it is not of fit length for 
the works on the new ship; as she is likely to be a gallant one, it 
will be a great pity if she should want materials to make her com- 
plete. The timber demanded should be provided, if it is to be had. 

Mr. Wilson, the storekeeper, desires all the canvas measured, 
which will be a work of time; but it is not reasonable for me to 
desire that of another man that I would not accept of myself; that 
is, to take things by contents. There is more canvas here than I 
should have judged, considering the ships that have been sent out 
of this port since my last survey ; some of it has been in store 
several years. Shall it be measured by the sail-makers here, or 
will you send down Mr. Harris, the King’s sail-maker, to see it 
done? It requires care and skill, and will take a month to 
accomplish. ; 

Capt. Cox being gone for London, I opened his letter of instruc- 
tions to the masters of the galliots, and have ordered them both for 
this place; it is possible some beams may be brought, which are 
more wanting here than in any other yard. All diligence shall be 
used, when the time comes for selling the wrecks. Shall the Minion 
be sold with the rest, or broken up and burnt? The single dock is 
empty and much decayed, and will require much time before it can 
receive a ship into it. Mr. Mason has a quantity of timber to sell 
at Maidstone ; he has been too hard with you about converting his 
great timber in the woods; some of it I have seen, but it does not 
answer my expectation ; it is very good, but short, and not fit for 
the service intended. [24 pages. Ibid. No. 46.] 


Jonas Shish to Sir Jeremy Smith. The charge of cutting a slip 
for launching masts on the gun wharf in the yard at Deptford will 
come to 281. [Zbid. No. 47.] 


Joseph Blaydes to the Navy Commissioners. I hope you will let 
me have half the money you promised me, having been at great 
trouble and cost. [Jbid. No. 48.] 


Remarks on Dr. [John] Price’s MS. as being too detailed, and 
making people too knowing in politics, and too diffident of the 
promises of their governors. With references to many pages, par- 
ticularly on the proceedings of General Monk, e.g., “p. 29. The 
General’s lady declares her Lord to be a Presbyterian; see also 
p. 113.” [2 pages. Ibid. No. 49.] 


520 


1669. 
Oct. 6. 


Oct. 6. 


Staveley. 


Oct. 6. 


Falmouth. 


Oct. 6. 
Oct. 7. 


Dover. 


Oct. 7. 
Dublin. 


Oct. 7. 
Chatham. 


Oct. 8. 
Chatham. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


The King to the Provost and Fellows of Eton. We grant a 
dispensation to Dr. John Price, chaplain to the Duke of Albemarle, 
and Fellow of that college, to hold also the rectory of Petworth, 
co. Sussex. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 109.] 


Lord Frescheville to Williamson. I beseech you to present this 
enclosure [missing] to Lord Arlington, and send his reply to Staveley 
in Derbyshire, where I intend staying, until his Majesty’s pleasure 
is known concerning my attendance at Parliament. I repeat my 
suit respecting the presentation of Eckington. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 
266, No. 50.] à 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. A vessel has arrived from Ireland, 
having a seaman aboard formerly belonging to the Susan and 
Anne of London, Capt. Reed commander, bound for the Barbadoes ; 
he reports that when off Kinsale, she suddenly sprang a leak, and 
went down, and that out of 26 men, only 11 saved themselves in 
the boats, the captain and the rest perishing with the ship. Three 
ships from Newfoundland speak of a great tempest there, and the 
loss of many men and boats; 50 or 60 sail of merchantmen are 
in harbour, outward bound. A passenger from Holland reports ' 
that great military preparations are made there, and that they 
talk of a speedy war with France. [Jbid. No. 51.] 


Same to Hickes. Similar to part of the above. [Jbid. No. 52.] 


Jo. Carlile to Williamson. I beg to be excused from paying a 
2d. postage for your letters, the like favour being enjoyed by others. 
I hear by the packet from France, that Lord Douglas has been 
killed in a duel, by the Duke of Normandy; the cause of the 
quarrel is not known. Lord Brereton has arrived from Calais, — 
having left Dover only 2 days before. He has promised to be my 
friend in the recovery of my money from Mr. Blayney. [Jbid. 
No. 53.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. A great many ships are now in 
the Downs, bound for the Straits, Jamaica, &e. [bid. No. 54.] 


Commission for Sir Rob. Holmes to be captain of a company of 
foot of 60 men, now to be raised in the Isle of Wight, Peter Gallois 
to be his lieutenant, and Thos. Holmes his ensign. Minute. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 20, p. 202). 


Capt. W. Fasby to the Navy Commissioners. Being ordered 
to lie upon this coast, I want a supply of new sails, &c., having had 
no recruit for 12 months. I have not a spare rope in the yacht, 
and nothing of carpenter’s stores. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 266, No. 55.] 


Col. Thos. Middleton to the Navy Commissioners. Pray order 
Mr. Gould to take away the ground tow and rakings which he 
bought, that we may use the room they take up, or I cannot carry 
on my survey. [Jbid. No, 56.] 


Same to the Same. I will treat with Mason for his timber for 
the new ship; I shall be glad to see Mr. Harris to measure the 
canvas, as I wish to forward all business with expedition, this 
being no delightful place to be in. There are as many hands 


1669. 


Oct. 8. 


Oct. 
Oct. 8. 


Oct. [8.] 
Oct. 8. 


Brooke House, 
Holborn. 


Oct. 8. 
Whitehall. 


[Oct. 8.] 


CHARLES II. 521 


spared as possible to repair the single dock, which will be fit to 
receive ships in January. Mr. Mason’s timber holds out according 
to contract, but you must find some other way to make contracts, 
otherwise you will be abused to the end of the chapter. 

I shall not be long before I send what is required for passing the 
boatswains and carpenters’ accounts, but whatever I send, it will be 
short. “If honest, prudent men be appointed to be commanders of 
the King’s ships, he cannot be cheated as he is; but so long as 
men are commanders that do not know how to distinguish between 
a horse head and a Roman, the King must be cheated, without 
remedy.” Let the gentlemen at Brooke House know this; I will 
own it, and give a satisfactory reason. 

I have examined the clerk of the cheque’s book, as to payment of 
the money mentioned in Capt. Shales’ tickets, and send a copy; but 
as to signing, I am resolved to see my elder brethren sign first. I 
surveyed the anchors, but find none fit for the new ship, and beg you 
to mind this, as I should not be willing to go to sea in a ship without 
anchors, unless it were to go into harbour, where the ship might be 
made fast to a tree; but I do not remember one tree growing on 
Deal beach. [2 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 266, No. 57.] Lncloses, 


List of 32 men, with sums set against each, as having been 
paid or remaining due ; totals, 651. Os. 6d. and 1221. 8s. Od. 
[Ibid. No. 571.] 


Grant of denization to John Johnson Lemkes, native of Holland. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 172.] 


Docquet of the above, dated 22 Oct. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 95.] 


Warrant to the clerks of the Privy Seal for the time being, and 
executors of such as are dead since the Restoration, to pay to 
Gideon Mobileau all moneys collected for fees due to the King, 
during the vacancy of a [Lord] privy seal, before Lord Robartes was 
appointed Keeper, and of all due to Robartes, his right wherein 
he has resigned to the King. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 173.] 


Docquet of the above. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 99.] 


Order of the Committee for Accounts, signed by Viscount 
Halifax, requiring Wm. Wardour, Clerk of the Pells, to attend 
them forthwith, to answer questions. [S.P. Dom. Car. II. 266, 
No. 58.] 


Order in Council, on consideration of the proposed annexation of 
the Armoury Office to the Ordnance Office, that Col., Lege and all 
the other Armoury officers shall enjoy their offices and salaries 
during the life of Col. Legg ; but that after his death, the office shall 
be joined to that of the Ordnance, according to the late warrant for 
its annexation. [Jbid. No. 59.] 


Note of the King’s pleasure that on the next vacancy of the 
place of Lieutenant of the Ordnance, now in possession of Col. 
Wm. Legg, the office of treasurer or paymaster shall devolve on 
the Lieutenant, with a salary of 416l. a year, to complete the 8002. 
a year on the quarter-books; but he is to take no poundage or 
reward, on pain of removal from his place. He is not to be one of 


8 
Oct. 58. 
Brussels. 


Oct. 8. 
Plymouth. 


Oct. 8. 


Oct. 8. 
Letter Office. 


Oct. 9. 


Oct. 9. 
Dublin. 


Oct. 9. 
Weymouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


the officers who sit to contract and advise at the office board, but 
is to obey the orders of the master and officers. And whereas the 
present Lieutenant has 1607. a year for 2 clerks, the next is to have 
only one clerk at 501; the succeeding treasurer is to have 2 at 601. 
each. [14 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 266, No. 60.] 


Fr. Crane to Rob. Francis. I have very little news except 
from the English Gazette; we are in continual grief about Candia, 
which has been so often lost and relieved. [Ibid. No. 61.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. I send letters received from Mr. Holden. 
The Nonsuch ketch and a ship from New England have sailed for 
the Downs. I sent your letter to Falmouth, to be delivered on 
board the African if there, and if not, to be returned. [Jbid. 
No. 62.] 


Wm. Sheridan to Williamson. I send you 6l. by Father Pat- 
rick’s ‘directions, for obtaining his Majesty’s letter to the Lord 
Lieutenant of Ireland. I will acknowledge your favour in pro- 
curing it; send the letter with a flying seal, so that my Lord 
Primate, who will deliver it, knowing the contents, may second it 
to my greater advantage. [Jbid. No. 63.] 


A. Ellis to Williamson. I send a letter received in favour of 
Mr. Willison of Penrith, whom your brother recommended for 
postmaster. Mr. Raine being dead, and Sir John Bennet out of 
town, and it being necessary that the place should be supplied, 
Lord Arlington should expedite the business. When Raine refused 
to serve at the present salary, Willison agreed to it. This drew 
Raine on, and Willison was promised the reversion, as some repara- 
tion for his services. [Ibid. No. 64.] 


George Brereton to Williamson. Mr. Francis will bear witness 
that I waited on you, and missed you. I beg your assistance in 
obtaining me a prebend of Durham; the Bishop of Chichester being 
dead, the Dean of St. Paul’s, it is thought, will succeed, who is a 
prebendary of Durham, and so it falls to his Majesty to nominate. I 
beg the reply may be sent to me at Bickley, Cheshire, to be left 
with the postmaster of Nantwich. [Zbid. Wo. 65.] 


Sir G. Lane to Williamson. I.hear from Sir Nich. Armorer, at 
Duncannon Fort, that Lord Ossory went to sea on Wednesday last, 
at 10am. [Zbid. No. 66.] 


John Pocock to Hickes. The Hdgiere of North Yarmouth has 
arrived from Leghorn, in company of the Golden Falcon and 
Algiers Merchant, and reports that Sir Thos. Allin came before 
Algiers on 6 Aug.; after sending his boat on shore, he began to 
treat, and demanded restitution of the 30,000 pieces of eight taken 
out of the East Indiaman; this they proffered, but denied several 
other of his demands, so that after a five days’ truce, he broke with 
them, and endeavoured to do what damage he could. All their 
men-of-war are in port except three, which are at Bona. They 
heard, before leaving Leghorn, that Candia was delivered to the 


1669. 


Oct. 9. 
Deal. 


Oct. 9. 


Oct. 9. 


Oct. 9. 
Chatham. 


Oct. 9. 


Portsmouth. 


CHARLES Il. 523 


Turks upon honourable terms, soon after the departure of the 
French forces; that all the Venetians marched out on board 
their galleys, before one Turk entered the town, and that when the 
Venetians were on board, the standard of St. Mark was taken 
down, and the half-moon set up, whereupon the Turks entered. 
They say that the Vizier had 90,000 men before it. The ship 
stopped at Tangiers, and heard there were 4,000 horse sent by 
Taffaletta to conduct to Fez his Excellency Lord Howard, who was 
gone with them; and that the Prince of Tuscany had arrived at 
Leghorn. With note by Hickes that there was no news-letter to 
Mr. Pocock last Saturday. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 266, No. 67.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. A ship from Gallipoli 2 days ago 
reported Candia in a good holding-out condition, but we hear from 
Mr. Baddison, master of the Swallow of London, from Zante, who 
has been but 6 weeks homeward bound, that the city is very weak, 
and that it is impossible to hold out, the Turks being more eager 
and desperate than formerly. Several ships are in the Downs, 
outward bound. [Jbid. No. 68.] 


Warrant to Percival Stanney to bring up Dalton Clark, deputy 
postmaster of Witham. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, 
M L] 


Order on the petition of Mary, wife of Rob. Chambers— desiring 
that the Duke of Ormond would certify his opinion concerning her 
husband—that the King wishes to accept his submission and recan- 
tation, and refers it to the Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Duke 
of Ormond, to consider whether they be sufficient in the forms now 
tendered, and what security must be taken of him. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 33, p. 72.) 


Col. Thos. Middleton to the Navy Commissioners. Observations 
on a letter from Brooke House, with reference to boatswains and 
carpenters’ stores, and their manner of passing their accounts. I 
believe the King is cheated of full 4, if not 2 of all stores put on 


board his ships, and it will always be so unless remedied as I pro- 


pose. [3 pages. SP. Dom., Car. II. 266, No. 69.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. As you 
judge a speedy survey necessary, I have altered my resolution to 
attend you, and ordered all concerned to attend that work on Mon- 
day. I thought this might have been forborne till the journey 
into Yorkshire, designed to me by his Royal Highness, had been 
accomplished, the winter being so near at hand. 

The quarter being expired, the workmen are importunate for 
their month’s pay; let this be remembered, as also several sums 
unpaid for provisions bought, and partly served in, to the value of 
1,400/., besides 1,0007. more wanting to carry on the works. Let 
Mr. Ridge be supplied with money. I send a petition from the 
officers of the ropeyard, for payment of wages. With note that 
the petition was laid before his Royal Highness, with a request that 
the wages prayed for might be paid out of the necessary money. 


(Ibid. No, 70.] 


524 


1669. 


Oct. 9. 
Deptford. 


Oct.9: 
Deptford. 


Octa: 
University 
College, 
Oxford. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. We will launch the 
Sapphire next Wednesday. Which of the ships shall be docked 
in her room? The Assurance and Norwich are much out of repair, 
and must be stripped down to the lower wale.. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 
266, No. 71. 


Capt. John Tinker to the Navy Commissioners. I have no 
lignum vite blocks for the new ship, but Mr. Edghill will attend 
you on Tuesday. The stores will supply the blocks and dead-eyes. 
[Ibid. No. 72.] Encloses, 


Account of the number and sizes of lignum vite blocks and 
dead-eyes required for the Loyal London. [Jbid. No. 721.] 


Dr. Rich. Clayton [master of University College], to Williamson. 
I have received a letter from Lord Arlington, through Mr. Thomp- 
son, a scholar of this house, which is so tender of the welfare of 
the University in general, and so sensible of the unsettled condi- 
tion of this poor old college, that it is a great perplexity to us that 
we cannot at present comply with it. Our whole society have 
joined in a letter to him, wherein we have laboured to acquit our- 
selves, and yet have written very sparingly of the young man who 
has deprived himself of the good effects of his lordship’s letter, by 
his great indiscretion, as Dr. Lamplugh fully understands, to whose 
letter you will give credit. 

Though I am but a stranger, I am not a stranger to your care to 
preserve the freedom of our elections, which have so great an in- 
fluence on the public; it will not be forgotten how much we owe to 
you and his lordship therein, so long as those hopeful young men re- 
main whom we have had the freedom to elect. We have sent a 
messenger expressly to present these letters, containing a sober recital 
of our state, and a grateful acknowledgment to his lordship for 
withholding the mandate, as no greater obligation could have been laid 
upon us. We pray you to present our addresses to his lordship as 
fairly, and with as much advantage, as you can. [Jbid. No. 73.] 
Annexing, 


Statement by Rich. Thompson that, whereas the Master and 
Fellows of University College [Oxford] are obliged by their 
statutes to elect to a fellowship as soon as any falls void, 
they have not done it, although 3 have been declared void for 
4 years. Upon supplication to the visitors of their house, the 
Master and Fellows had a grant to suspend the profits of such 
vacant places, and to convert them to the payment of their 
debts, which grant expired on Trinity Sunday last; but 
they have not proceeded to an election according to the 
Statute. Lord Halifax urging them with a mandate on 
behalf of his friend [John] Savile, they are now commanded 
to receive him into the first of the three vacant places, and 
there is nothing more common now in the College than that he 
will be a Fellow before St. Simon and St. Jude’s instant. 
No excuse can be urged why they did not elect me on Lord 
Arlington's recommendation. [14 pages. Ibid. No. 731] 


1669. 


Oct. 10. 
Oxford. 


Oct. 10. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 11. 
Clare Hall. 


Oct. [11.] 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


Oct. LL 


Falmouth. 


Oct. 11. 


Yarmouth. 


Oct. 11. 
Deal. 


Oct. 11. 
Letter Office. 


Oct. 11. 


‘London. 


CHARLES II. 525 


R. K. to Rich. Thompson or Williamson, at Lord Arlington’s office, 
Whitehall. The Master and Fellows of University College pro- 
ceeded to an election, and have chosen Mr. Savile into the first place, 
and [Wm.] Pindar into the third ; the second I have forgotten, but 
it is the same person I have heard you name. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 
266, No, 74.] 

Chas. Collier for Capt. Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The 
only news is that the stem and stern of a first rate ship are now 
raised. [Zbid. No. 75.] 


Dr. Theoph. Dillingham [Master of Clare Hall], to the Bishop of 
London. Nath. Vincent, Fellow of this college, being upon a 
journey to France with a young gentleman, for his better educa- 
tion, asks for the necessary licence to travel, he being in holy 
orders. Thanks for your favours conferred on me at Stanford ; 
I hope you got well home, and will long live to perform many 
such good offices for the Church. [Ibid. No. 76.] 


Licence for Nath. Vincent, M.A., Fellow of Clare Hall, to travel 
beyond seas for 3 years, for the improvement of the education of 
-. [Parchment, signed. Ibid. No. 77.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. There have put to sea 20 or 30 mer- 
chantmen bound for France; the African and a few others still 
remain in harbour. [Zbid. No. 78.] 


W. Blower] to Williamson. There are here only 20 or 30 sail 
of laden colliers bound for the north and south; the fishermen 
bring in a great quantity of herrings. I send an enclosure for my 


father. [Jbid. No. 79.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. The Nonsuch ketch has come in 
from the North West Passage. They were six months environed 
with ice. First hauling their ship ashore, and building a house, 
they carried provisions on shore, and brewed ale and beer, and 
provided against the cold, which was their work. They report the 
natives to be civil, and beaver plentiful; those who carried out 
no venture have brought home 10/. or 12l. worth of beaver. A 
pink has arrived from Barbadoes, and reports that colony to be in 
a good condition. [Ibid. No. 80.] 


James Hickes to Williamson. The northern and Norwich mails— 
which were taken from the Royston boy on Sunday night, half-a-mile 
from the town, by two horsemen with a dark lantern, and found 
open in a ditch by the constables —have been received ; horse and foot 
are out in pursuit of the fellows. We wait our packets from Not- 
tingham, Peterborough, and Bury; they are taken away, unless 
found at daylight, near the place where the mail was; acquaint 
Mr. Ellis if you see him. [Jbid. No. 81.] 


Levant Company to Wm. Hedges. We revoke our order of the 
6th, empowering you to draw bills on our treasurer in England, to 
defray the expenses of Sir D. Harvey’s entertainment, in case 
there should not be sufficient cash at Constantinople and Smyrna 
to meet that and other expenses, and you are to wait our further 
directions. [Levant Papers, Vol. 5, p. 226.] 


5 


26 


1669. 
Oct. 11. 


[Oct. 11.] 
Oct. 11. 


Oct. 11. 


Oct. 11. 


Oct. 11. 


Oct. 11. 
Roe Kitchen, 
Yarmouth 
Haven. 


Oct. 12. 
Chatham. 


Oct. 12. 
Chatham. 


Oct. 12. 
Chatham. 


Oct. 12. 
Chatkam. 


Oct. 12. 


Oct. 12. 
Woolwich, 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


The King to the Master and Fellows of University College, 
Oxford. We recommend Rich. Thompson, B.A., scholar of that 
college, for one of the 3 fellowships now void there. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 19, p. 110.] 


Draft of the above. [Imperfect. S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 266, No. 82.] 


Commission for Geo. Legg to have his father’s company in the 
Tower. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 20, p. 202.] 


Licence for Thos. Papillon, merchant of London, to transport 
6 horses into France, for the use of his correspondents there. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 126.] 


Warrant to pay 1002. out of the late privy seal dormant for 
10,0002. to John Werden, sent into Holland on the King’s special 
service, for his expenses. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 26, f. 65.] 


Warrant to pay to Ambrose Norton, surveyor of the stables, 
8771. 1s. 6d. on account for repairs of the stables in the Mews. 
[Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 91.] 


Capt. Jacob Baker to the Navy Commissioners. Being ordered 
to lie amongst the fishermen, a storm came on, and we lost our 
boat. . If you think fit, the bailiff of the town will supply us with 
a small one. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 266, No. 83.] 


Surveyor Thos. Middleton and Commissioner John Cox to the 
Navy Commissioners. We have sold the wrecks for 163.. 15s. 0d., 
and there being about 30 tons of rakings lying here and rotting, 
we sold them also for 4/. 16s. Od. a ton, ready money, to be fetched 
away in a month. The clerks and the money are here, and we 
shall begin payment to-morrow. [Jbid. No. 84.] 


Agreement by Thos. Gould, merchant of London, with Middleton 
and Cox for purchase of the wrecks named, put up for sale by the 
candle, at the prices, and on the conditions mentioned. [Jbid. 
No. 85.] 


Similar agreement by Rich. Boys for the remainder of the wrecks, 
and also for some rakings. [Jbed. No. 86.] 


Similar ageeement by John Moore for the John and Sarah, put 
to sale by the candle at Chatham. [Jbid. No. 87.] 


Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. Noelm timber has come 
into the stores for carrying on the works, although promised by 
Mr. Mayors, the purveyor, 3 months past. The Fanfan and Spy 
are to be fitted for sea, and there are no boats in store fit for them; 
let me have a supply of timber ; it will be the cheapest way to buy 
the boats ready built. [Zbid. No. 88.] ; 


Capt. W. Hannam and John Rudd to the Navy Commissioners. 
We could do little good with the wrecks, by reason of the weather. 
We have taken up the House de Sweede’s spare anchor and 3 pieces of 
wreck, and will do our best in weighing and blowing up a chest or 
two, and so leave off, as the season is far spent, and our work 
almost at an end. We want vessels to transport 2 rafts of masts, 
[Zond No. 89] ; 


1669. 
Oct. 12. 


[Oct. 12.] 
Oct. 
Oct. 12. 


Oct. 12. 


Och L2 


Oct. 12. 


Oct. 12. 


[Oct. 12.] 


Oct. 12. 


Oct. 12. 
Edinburgh. 


CHARLES II. 527 


Grant to Augustine Metcalf, M.A., of the prebend of Woodhorn- 
cum-Erlington, Chichester Cathedral, become void by death of 
Dr. Hen. Thurman, and in the King’s gift during the vacancy of 
the see. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 110.] 


Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. II 266, No. 90.] 
Doequet of the above, dated 19 Oct. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 93.] 


Grant to Rob. Berty, Dr. Thos. Cartright, Hen. Wright, &c., of 
certain parcels and pieces of land called Westenholt Walk, &c. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 172.] 


Warrant for insertion in the grant of Somerset House to the 
Queen, of all the goods and chattels yet remaining there, which are 
in an inventory of the same, taken in 1629, when they were 
granted to the Queen Mother. [Jbid.] 


The King to the Master of Bennet College, Cambridge. We 
recommend Wormley Martin, scholar of Jesus College, to the first 
vacant scholarship in Bennet College, in consideration of the loyalty 
of Burrage Martin, his father. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 35.] 


Warrant to pay to Edw. Backwell 10,000/., with interest for a 
year from 8 July last, for the like sum paid to the Earl of St. 
Albans for the late Queen Mother. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 92.] 


Warrant to the Archbishop of Canterbury, to grant to Sir George 
Downing and Sir Wm. Doyley letters of administration of all goods, 
real and personal, belonging to the late Queen Mother. [Jbzd.] 


Note that Rich. Ward and Wm. Dickinson, prosecutors in the 
name of Salmon and Waller, submit to the King a statement of the 
ease. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 266, No. 91.] <Annexing, 


Account that though the import of spicery from Holland was 
prohibited by proclamation, 26 Aug. 1663, a dispensation 
was granted under certain conditions, till the war with the 
Dutch, when all imports from them were forbidden, since 
which time none were brought over but by special licence ; 
in the present case, the owner, by connivance of the Customs’ 
officers, procured an entry for a small quantity, and, on 
pretence thereof, got a larger quantity admitted, which was 
seized. Proofs of the intention of fraud on the part of the 
owner, and of the falsehood of the pretences on which he 
petitions for entry of his goods. [Lbid. No. 911.] 


Report of Attorney-General Palmer on the above case, stating at 
full the grounds on which Benj. Waller of Yarmouth pleads for a dis- 
pensation to import certain nutmegs, but that, in strictness of law, 
it cannot be granted. [Jbid. No. 92.] 


News that the Lord Commissioner [John, Earl of Lauderdale] 
arrived safely at Holyrood on the 11th; details of his journey. 
Though he left London privately, many of his countrymen went with 


528 


1669. 


Oct. 12. 
Edinburgh. 


Oct. 12. 
Plymouth. 


Oct. 42. 


Brussels. 


Oct. 12. 
Navy Office. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


him to Stevenage ; thence by Huntingdon and Stamford he went to 
Grantham ; there the bishop of Durham met him and invited him 
to Durham Castle, where many Scottish nobles met him. The 
town of Neweastle had prepared an entertainment for him, but he 
did not stay there. He was met on his journey by numerous other 
nobles and troops. At Musselburgh his own regiment, that of the - 
shire of Edinburgh, met him, commanded by Lord Ramsay, and 
well clothed. Particulars of his reception at Edinburgh. On reach- 
ing Holyrood House, he called a council, and received his commis- 
sion from [John, Earl of Rothes], Lord Chancellor, and gave supper 
to most of the nobles about him. He has been more numerously 
received than any previous Commissioner, the crowds of people 
being very great, and expressing much satisfaction. The Commis- 
sioners for Parliament are chosen. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 266, No. 93.] 


P. [B.?] Gordon to [Williamson]. I am intending to return to 
Russia, though the pay there is a bare subsistence ; but in Scotland 
soldiers of fortune can obtain no honourable employment for 
persons of quality. In England aliens are scarcely employed, so that 
foreign service becomes a necessity. I travelled to Scotland with 
the Lord Commissioner, who was received in many places with 
ringing of bells and music. At Doncaster some of the Scottish 
nobility met him, and at other points on the road, the Earls of 
Roxburgh and Hume, with numerous troops, and the militia in the 
several counties. At Musselburgh were the King’s horse, the Lothian 
regiments of foot, the Lord Chancellor, Duke of Hamilton, and others. 
As he approached Edinburgh, ordnance was fired; the city troops 
and 400 citizens, with the provost and magistrates, met him. He 
entered with the Lord Chancellor and Duke of Hamilton on each 
side. Sir George Gordon of Haddo is chosen Commissioner for 
Aberdeenshire. If things fail abroad, Sir Peter Wyche has com- 
mended me to his Majesty for service at home. [Zbid. No. 94.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. I acknowledge your letter; the Peter 
of London, bound for Cadiz, put in here by contrary winds. [Jbid. 
No. 95.] 


Fras. Crane to Rob. Francis. I wish Robin would look after my 
letters, so as not to give you the trouble of sending them. I am 
going to Antwerp, and thence to Ghent, [Zbid. No. 96.] 


Navy Commissioners to Surveyor Middleton. We have writ- 
ten to Gould to attend us touching the ground tow bought by 
him, and not fetched away. We directed Mr. Mayors to look out 
for timber, but our greatest dependence must be upon you and 
Commissioner Cox; we directed Mr. Harris to attend or send an 
instrument. We moved his Royal Highness about the Minion, 
and a privy seal is taking out for sale of the Defiance and 
Royal Oak wrecks, together with the Minion; until that is done, 
the sale must be deferred. We notice what you say touching 
Mason’s timber, and the defects in making contracts, and hope that 
a remedy will be provided to prevent future deficiency. 

We desire you to treat with Mr. Rufthead about anchors for the 


1669. 


Oct. 13. 


Oct. 13. 
Whitehall. 


Oct. 13. 
Oct. 13. 


Oct. 13. 


Chatham. 


79380. 


CHARLES II. 529 


new ship. We do not wish you to sign Capt. Shales’ paper until you 
are fully satisfied that it is true, and ought to be signed; but it 
being a business that was done while you were upon the place, and 
had the management, it is most proper for you to lead the Board 
therein, either by signing first, or making objections. The whole 


contents of yours of the 9th being only in relation to the observa- 


tions from Brooke House, we need not say anything therein, but 
pray you will peruse and return the enclosed demands from Wool- 
wich, that what must be supplied may be provided. [12 pages. 
S.P. Dom, Car. IT. 266, No. 97.] 


Rich. Tolson to Williamson, at his office or chambers in Whitehall. 
I presumed on your courtesy to my child, and since my wife left 
her in London, I have written several letters to your cousin, for in- 
formation as to her welfare and your intentions, but have received 
no answer. I hear my daughter is very melancholy and discon- 
tented, by living so solitary, and at such a distance from her rela- 
tions and friends. Is she settled, or what hopes are there of it? I 
am resolved to provide her a portion, rather than be at vast charge 
in the south. If your intentions are not declared, I will send for 
her home next term. Thanks for all favours. [Jbid. No. 98.] 


J. Williamson to Sir Edw. Hungerford and others. I received 
your paper containing the charge against Wadman of Wiltshire, as 
an accomplice with coiners or clippers. As it was a matter of law, 
I consulted the Lord Keeper, who thinks that, it being a charge of 
treason, the party is not bailable by any justices of the peace in the 
county, but solely by the Lord Chief Justice, to whom application is 
to be made, and in whose power it will be to do as he sees cause, 
upon weighing the informations. [Drajt. No. 99.] 


Copy of the above. [Jbid. No. 100.] 


Memorandum that there is no report in the cause of Smith v. 
Benet, filed [in Chancery] since the beginning of Trinity term last. 


[Zbid. No. 101.] 


Col. Thos. Middleton to the Navy Commissioners. I threatened 
to put Mr. Gould in the Exchequer, if he did not pay for the ground 
tow he had bought, and would have you second me in it. _ Particu- 
lars of timber. A man should be appointed to view and mark 
timber before it is contracted for, otherwise merchants will be too 
hard for you in making contracts ; I recommend Brunsden, carpenter 
of the Fountain, for the purpose. A man has come down from 
Mr. Harris to measure the canvas, and I have ordered two of the 
sailmakers to work with him. 

Here is a prodigious quantity of colours, all blue, which may be 
sent to Deptford ; the King will have no occasion to buy any these 
7 years, unless a war breaks out again. There are as many de- 
stroyed by the moth as cost hundreds of pounds, and are only fit to 
mend others or make vanes. I am glad his Royal Highness has 
ordered sale of the Oak and Defiance. Mr. Ruffhead is coming to 
London, and you can treat with him, or refer him to Commis- 

LL 


530 


1669. 


Oct. 13. 
Chatham. 


Oct. 13. 


Treasury 
Office. 


Oct. 14. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 14. 


Swansea. 


Oct. 14. 
University 
College, 
Oxford. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


sioner Cox and myself. Mr. Mason offers to buy Sir Roger Twysden’s 
timber, if you will have it, but not without. Iam not well satisfied 
with Mason; I find him to be a subtle k[nave]. 

I hope the account I sent will satisfy you of the payment of 
Capt. Shales’ tickets. The things now demanded ought to be sup- 
plied, except the handspikes, which can be got at Deptford. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. TI. 266, No. 102.] 


Col. Thos. Middleton to the Navy Commissioners. I am informed 
that Mason—knowing that you want timber to finish the new ship, 
and that the country cannot afford much quantity, but that of 
Sir Roger Twysden’s, and what he has—is certain you must buy of 
him. I cannot blame him, because it’s like I should do the same 
myself; if you will be so served, I cannot help it. Time is pictured 
bald behind, but with a lock on his forehead. ([Zbid. No. 103.] 


Earl of Anglesey to the Navy Commissioners. I attended as in- 
structed with my instruments and my engrossed account, hoping you 
would have been here to make some progress therein, and stayed 
till past 10 of the clock, in hopes of your coming. I entreat you 
will appoint a speedy day, that we may not all be charged with 
neglect in the despatch of this account, towards which I can do no 
more than beg your frequent meeting, till you have signed the 
whole. I beseech you to consider what a hard case it is for me to 
lie so long under so great a charge. [Jbid. No. 104.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I have 
given order that the quarter books be made ready, and shall, as you 
direct, advise Mr. Ridge as to drawing the money. [Ibid. No. 105.] 


John Man to Williamson. Several colliers are detained by the 
stormy weather. I hear from Llanelly, 7 miles distant, that 2 col- 
liers, the Providence of Foy, and the Nicholas of: Croisic, have 
been cast away, and not a man saved. The Desire of Swansea has 
arrived from Boston in New England, and reports a great hurricane 
and the probable loss of much shipping, there being several vessels 
for Bristol and other ports there at the time. A passenger by the 
Desire says that New York is likely to flourish, it being a pleasant 
country, having wholesome air, and a good trade. [Lbid. No. 106.] 


Dr. Rich. Clayton to Williamson. The society are sorry they 
could not comply with his lordship’s desires, but the young man 
must thank himself for failing in the business, as the society can 
make appear. His lordship desiring a speedy account of the 
Fellows’ resolution, I called them together, when they unani- 
mously resolved to go to an election, and thus we supplied all the 
vacant fellowships, so that there is now none left for our obedience 
to his Majesty’s commands. As there is a statute that no elections 
are firm till approved by the Vice-Chancellor, the doctors, and 
proctors, we obtained these nemine contradicente, but the getting 
of them took until Saturday, so we were delayed replying to his 
lordship’s letter, and beg this may be explained. Dr. Lamplugh is 
at Reading; Mr. Thomas and Mr. Farrar are thankful for being 
remembered by you. [Jbid. No. 107.] 


1669. 


Oct. 15. 


CHARLES II. 531 


George Williamson to Jos. [Williamson]. Hearing from cousin 


Work[ington?] Wood that Mr. Taylor is ready to part with some of his offices at 


Oct. 15. 


Nether 
Wallop. 


Oct. 15. 


Oct. 15. 


Court at 


Whitehall. 


Oct. 15. 


Oct. 15. 
Chatham. 


Windsor, including those of Receiver and Surveyor of the works of 
the castle, I have sent Wood to you, as without your approbation, 


-I will not treat for either. I wrote to Taylor as a stranger, and 


also my cousin Lamplugh ; I enclose letters which, if you approve, are 
to be sent to my cousin in Gray’s Inn. If you can settle me near 
you, pray appoint a person to treat for me, and I will perform my 
part. I ride the gelding belonging to you, which Mr. Curwen keeps, 
and desire it may remain here until the spring. Remember him 


when the sheriffs are elected. [14 pages. SP. Dom., Car. IT. 266, 
No. 108.] 


Lord Henry Paulett to Williamson. I received a commission 
from the King some years since, to preserve the game in these parts, 
and was commanded to send the names of offenders. Edw. Heath of 
Sexly is a warrener, and as such, is privileged to keep a gun, but 
he uses it to destroy a great number of hares on Sundays, as the 
bearer will inform you. I desire that he may be made an example 
of, as it will oblige the gentry. [Jbid. No. 109.} 


M. Goreski to Williamson. I enclose an answer from my dear 
friend Dr. Jenkins, and thank you for the favour of directing 
my letters, being more prone to return a courtesy than resent an 


injury. [Zbid. No. 110.] 


Petition of John Richards, gentleman usher and quarter waiter 
to the Queen, to the King, for a warrant to the cofferer for allow- 
ance of board wages. Your Majesty by privy seal granted board 
wages to the other four supernumerary waiters, and I am the 
only one excepted, though I have given constant attendance, and 
had no allowance. With reference to the Duke of Ormond, and 
the officers of Green Cloth, and their report that petitioner is 
entitled to the wages asked, in common with the other waiters. 
[6 signatures. Ibid. Nos. 111, 112.] 


Declaration of the King’s approval of the election of James Smith, 
as under-steward and town clerk of the borough of New Windsor, 
conditionally upon the said election having been legally made, which 
is disputed, and will be left to a trial at law. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 25, f. 126.] 


Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. I send an 
account of the sale of wrecks and rakings, with the names of the 
buyers. I shall sell the Minion next week. I will send Brunsden, 
carpenter of the Fountain, to view what timber may be had in 
these parts, and Mr. Lawrence to Sir Roger Twysden, to inform him 
that if he will afford the King a pennyworth of his timber, I will 
give him a meeting, so that you may judge as to having it first 
hand from him, or second hand from Mr. Mason. 

I want knees and beams for the new ship, and shall have to dis- 
charge the men unless supplied. We have 400 tons of strand and 
yarn, and as the winter season is the most proper time for laying, 


LL 2 


532 


1669. 


Oct. 15. 


Newcastle. 


Oct. 15. 
Treasury 
Chambers. 


Oct. 15. 


Woolwich. 


Oct. 16. 
Deptford. 


Oct. 16. 


Oct. 16. 


Oct. 
Oct. 16. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


and there is no great haste for it, I think the ropemakers may be 
taken off their extra half-day; it will ease the charge, they being 
covetous of making a day and a half’s work. The days too being 
so short, they lose half an hour morning and evening, besides an hour 
on Fridays to go to market. I think it a very fit time to break so 
evil a custom as this hour’s allowance to the pressed men, the 
King not being much indebted to them. [2 pages. S.P. Dom. 
Car. II. 266, No. 113.] 


Humphrey Pibus to Sir John Mennes. I desire payment of 
2007., disbursed in fitting the Flying Greyhound 3 years since, 
having had two journeys to London to obtain it, which is no small 
loss in my affairs. If I am not speedily satisfied, I must seek some 
other remedy. [Jbid. No. 114.] 


Sir George Downing to the Navy Commissioners. His Majesty 
would have you attend him here every Monday at 3 p.m. [Jbid. 
No. 115.] 


Wm. Bodham to the Navy Commissioners. The Surveyor, per- 
ceiving the stores so cloyed with cables and cordage that they had 
no room to lay the great quantity of yarn into cordage, as ordered, 
desired the King’s lighters to take the cables to Deptford, as so 
long as the lighters might do it, he would not allow Boatswain 
Rowly of Deptford Yard 2s. a ton for transportation. I have 
demanded the lighters, but 2 are unfit, and one is employed on 
the wrecks; I have treated with a person who will carry it at 
1s. a ton, being half what the other had. I was informed that a 
ton of white oakum was bought for the new ship at Deptford, 
which might have been supplied from here. Capt. Taylor’s son has 
not fetched away the rakings bought at the sale; let him be 
reminded, as they are much in the way. [Jbéd. No. 116.] 


Capt. John Tinker and J. Uthwat to the Navy Commissioners. 
Mr. Watts’ oars are not received because they do not answer con- 
tract; they should be half Dantzic and half Queenborough, while 
they are all Queenborough, and that as mean as possible. I 
demanded why he would not comply with his contract; he 
answered that if he contracts to serve in Dantziec and Queen- 
borough oars, one dozen of the former in 20 dozen is a compliance, 
and that he cannot serve the former under 5d. a foot. I have no 
prejudice against him, but resolve to do right between the King 
and the merchant. [Zbid. No. 117.] 


Warrant to Gilbert, Archbishop of Canterbury, to grant a dis- 
pensation to Dr. Henry Savage, chaplain in ordinary, to hold the 
rectories of Tillingham, co. Lincoln, Bladon, co. Oxon, and Crowmarsh, 
co. Oxon. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 27, f. 12.) 


Grant to John Cary of the place of ranger or riding forester of 
the New Forest, co. Hants, wages 6s. a day. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 172.] 


Docquet of the above, dated Oct. 20. [Docquet 24, No. 94.] 


Warrant for a grant to Sir John Norton, Bart., of the office of 
Woodward of the Forest of Chute, Pamber, Aliceholt, East and 


CHARLES II. 533 


West Beare, and New Forest, Hants, wages 100/.a year. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 172.] 


Oct. Docquet of the above, dated 20 Oct. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 94.] 


Oct. 16. Privy seal for 20s. a day to the Commissioners of the Privy Seal, 
3 4l. a day in lieu of diet. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, 
- 173. 


Oct. 16. Account of the expenses of [Ambassador] R. Montague’s mourn- 

Whitehall. ing for the death of the Queen Mother; total, 1,3827. With note 
by Lord Arlington of the King’s allowance thereof, and order for 
payment. [Jbid.] 

Oct. 16. Grant to Christian Harrell of the office of Professor in Chemistry 
to the King [and apothecary in ordinary to the Household], in place 
of Nicasius Le Fevre, fee 15}. [Zbid.] 


Oct. Docquet of the above, dated 23 Oct. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 96.] 


Oct yi. Establishment of one foot company, to be added to the present 
forces in the Isle of Wight; cost 1,146d. 12s. yearly. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 266, No. 118.] 


Oct. 16. R. M. [Rob. Mein] to Williamson. The Bishop of Glasgow [Alex. 
Edinburgh. Burnet] and others were drawing up a remonstrance to the King, 
against the liberty given to several Nonconformists to preach, but the 
Council has stopped them, and confined the Bishop to his diocese ; 
he will probably not be a Member of Parliament. [Jbid. No. 119.] 


Oct. 16. Lord Frescheville to Williamson. I received Lord Arlington’s 
commands, and beg you to present his lordship with an enclosure ; 
I renew my suit concerning the presentation depending before 
the Lords of the Treasury, so that it may be brought to a period. 
[Jbid. No. 120.] 


Oct. 16. Sir Geoffry Shakerley to Williamson. The new mayor was 

Chester. elected yesterday, when my Lord of Derby, the late mayor, delivered 
up his staff of authority to Alderman Murray who, like the sheriffs 
is a very loyal and honest gentleman. [Jbid. No. 121.] 


Oct. 16. R. Manley to [Rob. Francis]. We are languishing here for a 

Cowes, Isle wind for Jersey. This good reception of my story may oblige me 

SEES Sig others ; we may be very useful to each other. There is a fleet 
here of 16 outward-bound merchants, which will sail with this 
north-east wind; the Merlin is ordered to transport the Lieu- 
tenant-Governor of Jersey (sic), who has been here waiting a wind 
since 30 Sept. [Jbid. No. 122.] 


Oct. 16. Rich. Watts to Williamson. Nearly all the small craft have 
Deal. sailed, the wind suddenly changing, and the great ships are prepar- 
ing to follow. [Zbid. No. 123.] 


Oct. 17. Same to Williamson. The great ships have sailed, and there is 
Deal. not one in the Downs. Since the departure of the Sweepstakes, 
there has been no ship to command the King’s chamber, which is 
prejudicial to his Highness’s Court of Admiralty; as when masters or 
merchants of ships are arrested in the Downs, and disobey his 
Highness’s warrant, the commanders of the King’s ships force them 

to it. [Zbid. No. 124.] 


534: 


1669. 
Oct. 17. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 18. 
Chatham. 


Oct. 18. 
Chatham. 


Oct. 18. 


Victualling 
Office. 


Oct. 18. 


Oct. 18. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. Mr. New- 
land looks for the pitch, tar, timber, &., by the first easterly wind. 
He said that the prices of all sawn work were much risen, by want 
of water for the sawing mills in the country, and that deals are 
sold 4s. or 5s. in the pound dearer in London than 6 weeks since: 
let me know if it is so, or to what proportion they have risen, as 
also the price of masts, as I have agreed for 60 at the London price. 
Mr, Ridge expects some direction from Mr. Littleton about drawing 
the money. The quarterly books of the yard will be ready by 
Tuesday. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 266, No. 125.] 


Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. Laurence 
has been to Sir Roger Twysden, and finds Mason has been twice, and 
proffered money for the timber ; I shall meet Sir Roger at Maidstone 
on Thursday with the Surveyor, and bring him to as low terms as I 
can. The master of the Harwich hoy is dead; having no occasion 
for her, I have ordered her to Deptford with the horseboat, to 
take in deals for the new ship. Mr. Lewsley has proffered 10 loads 
of very good plank at 5l. 5s. a load. I desire your order thereon. 
[Lbid. No. 126.] 


Same to the Same. John’ Clerk of Gravesend has tendered 
100 oak trees, to be chosen out of 800, for 58s. a load, or he will 
sell the whole as he bought it at 26s. the load; he proffers to look 
after the land and water carriage and wharfage, which will be 
about 21s. a load more. I desire an order to view it, &c. [Jbid. 
No. 127.] 


Sir Wm. Penn and Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. 
We desire you to appoint a time to discourse about supplying ships 
at Leghorn and Cadiz with victuals, as we do not understand your 
corrections. [Ibid. No. 128.] 


The King to the Commissioners appointed for the funeral of the 
Queen Mother. We have advanced to Sir Thos. Bond, comptroller 
of the late Queen’s household, 5,000/. for expenses of her interment, 
all household debts left unpaid, and wages and board wages of 
her servants. If more is required, you are to authorise Sir Thomas 
to spend 3,000}. to complete the said payments, which shall 
be repaid him with interest at 6 per cent. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 31, f. 36.] 


Petition of John Wadman, Brook, co. Wilts, to the King. I 
have always lived in credit for loyalty, and have been a Master 
Extraordinary in Chancery since the Restoration; but through 
endeavouring to bring a person to punishment for speaking scan- 
dalous words of the King and Council, I have fallen under the 
malice of some ill-disposed persons who, by a malicious combina- 
tion, have endeavoured my life and ruin, by accusing me of con- 
federating with some persons, lately executed for clipping and 
coining money; and although the malice of the prosecutors has 
been made out to the justices of peace, as appears by their letter to 


1669. 


[ Oct. ] 


[Oct. ] 


[Oct.] 


Oct. 18. 


Norwich. 


Oct. 18. 
Bristol. 


CHARLES II. 535 


Lord Arlington, yet they will not bail me without special direc- 
tions. I beg an order to Sir Edw. Hungerford, Sir Walter Earnly, 
Rich. Lewis, John Eyre, and James Ashe, justices of the peace for 
Wilts, to admit me to bail until the next assizes. With reference 
thereon to the Lord Chief Justice of the King’s Bench. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. If. 266, No. 129.] 

[Jos. Williamson] to Mr. Kendall. On advice of Lord Towns- 
hend, I request your vote and influence in my behalf in the 
approaching election at Thetford. [Draft. Ibid. No. 129a.] 


[Lord Townshend] to the Mayor of Thetford. Being a neighbour 
of yours, and wishful to serve you, I warmly recommend Jos. 
Williamson as your burgess in Parliament, in place of Sir Wm. 
Gawdy, deceased; he will assist when the Bill for cleansing your 
river, or any other concerning you, is in hand. [Draft. 14 pages. 
Ibid. No. 1298.] 

Nat. Herne to Jos. Williamson. There are many difficulties 
about the election. The Duke of Albemarle has written to the 
Mayor, &c., on behalf of Sir John Coriton, and Sir Walter Young is 
much commended. He or you will most likely come in; I wish 
you could get letters from the Dukes of York and Albemarle in 
your favour, and then your return would be certain. Advice about 
the management of the election. Sir Wm. Courteen is returned for 
Plympton. Endorsed with 4 names and a note, “To be assured of 
My. Stair’s party ; otherwise if they divide, Sir John Colleton (sic) 
will get uppermost.” [2 pages. Ibid. No. 129¢.] 

Thos. Corie to Williamson. On my return here, I stayed 3 hours 
at Thetford, and found Mr. Martin in bed with afever. Mr. Ken- 
dall wasnotin town. I delivered your letter to the Mayor, who is 
confident there will be no opposition to your election ; he expects 
you down on Thursday, and will provide for your and your friends’ 
entertainment. The Mayor and Martin had sent for Mr. Barber, 
the under-sheriff, and on my arrival at Norwich, I heard that he had 
been there, and given orders to Lambert, the deputy under-sheriff, 
not to appear at Thetford upon this business, as he would make a 
precept out himself. Martin says that Barber was at Thetford last 
week, endeavouring to make interest for Sir Geo. Vyner, but with- 
out success. I will bring Lambert with me on Thursday to prevent 
the worst ; it would be a good medium to set Barber right, who is 
over-greedy of the reward for executing his office. I have written 
to Martin to send to Denver, where Barber lives, to prevail for his 
attendance on Thursday. I hope Mr. Marriott has been with 
you, as he has gone for London, and promised to attend Lord 
Arlington. Martin is not inclined to his coming, in respect of 
the pique between him and Kendall. I have ordered the keeper 
of Croxton Park to have a brace of does ready for you. [Jbid. 
No. 130.] 

Jo. Fitzherbert to Williamson. Several ships have arrived. I 
have received a letter enclosed from my son, residing at Cadiz, 
dated 8 Sept., containing news about Algiers and Sally, and the 
names and lading of several vessels taken by Sally men-of-war. 


536 


1669. 


Oct. 18. 
Falmouth. 


Oct. 18. 


Dover. 


Oct. [18.] 
Wednesday. 


Oct. 19. 


Oct. 19. 
Oct. 19. 


[Oct. 19.] 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


If you think such accounts worth having, I will order my son to 
repeat them. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 266, No, 131.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. Twenty merchantmen, bound for the 
Straits, Portugal, and the Canaries, have left the harbour, but I fear 
they will be forced back by contrary winds. [Jbid. No. 132.] 


Jo. Carlile to Williamson. The packets with the mails from 
France and Flanders have arrived, but I cannot learn any news, 
only that the death of Lord Douglas is contradicted ; 30 sail have 
put to sea from this harbour. Young Lord Lexington has arrived, 
with the corpse of his mother, Lady Lexington, and Sir Edw. Fill- 
more; also Lady Gerrard Bromley, Sir Rich. Temple, and many 
more. Let me have Thursday’s Gazette, and the King’s speech in 
Parliament. [Jbid. No. 133. ] ; 


M. De Breval to Williamson. I am ashamed to write you so 
often, but I hear that in this change of the bishopric of Chichester, 
there will be a revolution of other places, one of which might suit 
me. I have told the Bishop of Oxford and Mr. Trevor, so as to 
facilitate things. You are one of the principal reasons why I 
incline to the Savoy Church, but I shall not go there in my present 
uncertainty as to whether the bishops will do for me what I told 
you. But I should be very glad if the friends of that church would 
give me 50 pieces; this would not be difficult if you would interest 
yourself in it. I should only preach there one Sunday a fortnight, 
that there may be leisure to obtain a pension for me. [French. 
This letter is endorsed 20 Oct., but dated only Wednesday ; the true 
date is therefore probably 18 Oct., which is a Wednesday. Ibid. 
No. 134.] 


The King’s speech on the opening of Parliament. I am glad to 
see you, and hope it will be a happy meeting. I have had great ex- 
perience of your affection and loyalty, and am very confident of its 
continuance. It is almost a year and a half since the last sitting, 
and though my debts have pressed me very much, yet I was unwil- 
ling to call for your assistance till this time. What you last gave 
me was wholly applied to the Navy and extraordinary Fleet, for 
which it was intended. I desire you will consider my debts. I 
have something to propose of great importance, concerning the 
uniting of England and Scotland; but as it will require some time, 
I have left that and some other things to be opened by the Lord 
Keeper. [14 pages, in the King’s own hand. Printed in Lords’ 
Journals, Vol. XII., p. 251. Ibid. No. 135.] 


Copy of the above. [14 pages. Printed. Ibid. No. 136.] 


The Lord Keeper's speech to both Houses of Parliament. [4 pages. 
Printed. Ibid. No. 137 ; also in Lords’ Journals, XII., p. 251.) 


Precedents of the proceedings of the Houses of Lords and Com- 

mons, in reference to their transactions with the King :— 

18 Jan. 1666-7.—A message from the Lords, by Sir John 
Kyton, Usher of the Black Rod, that the King commanded 
the Commons to attend him in the House of Lords; the 
Speaker went up, and on his return, acquainted the House of 


1669. 


CHARLES II. 537 


the King’s reasons for hastening the supply, and for the 
members going into the country to put the Poll Bill in execu- 
tion, and that he would prorogue the House on Monday next. 

29 Jan. 1667.—A message from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Child and 
Sir John Coell, that his Majesty will receive the address from 
both Houses on behalf of the French merchants at 3 p.m. 

7 Feb. 1667.—Sec. Morice acquainted the House that the King 
intended to put an end to the sessions to-morrow morning, and 
to prorogue Parliament. 

8 Feb. and 20 July, 1667. — Messages whereby his Majesty 
prorogued Parliament. 

10 Oct. 1667—Message by Sir John Eyton, summoning the . 
Commons to attend him in the House of Peers. 

15 Oct. 1667.—A message from the Lords, by Sir Nath. Hobart 
and Mr. Proctor, that the Lords concur with the Commons in 
the address of thanks to his Majesty, and will go in a body 
with the Commons therewith to the King, and have sent to 
him to appoint a time and place. 

9 Dec. 1667.— Sec. Morice delivered a message in writing from 
his Majesty, stating that as Christmas is near, the members 
should return to their houses, and therefore there is to be an 
adjournment on 17 December, until the beginning of February. 

17 Dec. 1667.—Sec. Morice acquainted the House that his Majesty, 
taking notice that some Bills requiring a speedy despatch were 
not yet finished, desired the House to continue its sittings till 
Tuesday next. 

19 Dec. 1667.—Sec. Morice delivered a written message from the 
King, that 6 February will be a convenient day to which 
their adjournment may be made. 

10 Feb. 1668.—A message from the King by Sir John Eyton, Usher 
of the Black Rod, commanding the House to attend him in the 
Lords; the Speaker went up, and on his return, acquainted 
the House that to prevent mistakes, his Majesty had delivered 
his speech in writing, which he read. 

5 March 1668.—Lord Fitzharding acquainted the House that his 
Majesty had appointed for the Commons to attend him at 3 p.m. 
in the Banqueting House, Whitehall. 

6 March 1668.—Sec. Morice delivered a message from the King 
for hastening a supply for building more ships, &e. 

30 March 1668.—A message from the Lords, by Sir Justinian, 
Lewin and Sir John Coell, that they have sent down the Act 
„for the better securing of a portion of 5,0007. to Lady Frances 
Savile, infant daughter of Thomas, late Earl of Sussex, out 
of the estate of James Earl of Sussex. also an infant, in pur- 
suance of the will of the said Thomas Earl of Sussex, to which 
they desire the concurrence of the Commons. 

30 March 1668.—Sec. Morice delivered a message from the King, 
requesting the House to attend him at Whitehall at 3 p.m.; 
Mr. Speaker and the members went in a body, when his Majesty 
said that the season was far spent, and it was high time for 
setting out a fleet, and therefore conjured the House to finish 


538 


1669. 


Oct. 19. 


[Oct. 19.] 


Oct. 19. 


Oct. 19. 
Edinburgh. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


the supply, and despatch the business depending, in order to a 
recess by Whitsuntide. Ha 
13 April 1668.—Lord Fitzharding delivered a message in writing 
from the King, that as he resolves to put a period to the 
session on Monday, 4 May, he earnestly reminds them to de- 
spatch the business of the supply, and other public concernments. 

13 April 1668.—A message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell 
and Sir Wm. |Glascock, that they have agreed to the votes 
concerning the wearing of English manufacture, and that the 
King is to be attended therein to-morrow at 3 p.m. at White- 
hall, by 12 members from each House. ; D 

24 April 1668.—Sec. Morice delivered a message in writing from 
his Majesty, acquainting them that on 4 May he only intended 
an adjournment for 3 weeks, and desires that the Bill of Supply 
may be ready by that time. 

4 May 1668.—See. Morice reports the King’s pleasure that the 
House should sit a day or two longer, for despatch of business. 

8 May 1668.—The House summoned to attend the King in the 
House of Peers, when they are adjourned to 11 Aug., or longer 
if they can be spared. With marginal notes about meeting 
the King, 11 and 19 Oct. 1669. [6 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 
266, No. 138.] 


The King to the Parliament of Scotland. We acknowledge the 
loyalty and ready compliance of our subjects; we much desire 
to settle union between our kingdoms, and request you, on these 
and other matters, to give full credence to our Commissioner. 
[Printed. Ibid. No. 139. Printed in Acts of Parliament of 
Scotland, as dated 15 Sept. 1669, Vol. VII., f. 551.] 


Speech of the Earl of Lauderdale, Lord Commissioner. Declares 
the King’s resolution to uphold the Episcopal Church, repress con- 
venticles, and bring their ringleaders to punishment; also to prose- 
cute a closer union between the kingdoms than that brought about 
by King James, as alone able to settle the contested points about 
trade, &c.; this union his Majesty will also urge forward in the 
English Parliament. [4 pages. Printed. Ibid. No. 140.] 


Copy of the above. [24 pages. Ibid: No. 141.] 


Rob. Mein to Williamson. The members of Parliament rode in 
state from Holyrood House to the Parliament House, where the Lord 
Commissioner presented the King’s letter, and made a speech thereon, 
expressing great favour to his Majesty’s ancient kingdom ; declaring 
his dislike to private conventicles and unlawful meetings, to prevent 
which some of the silenced ministers are restored ; and his determi- 
nation to uphold the Episcopal Church. The Chancellor then made 
an excellent speech, and all the members, with lifted hands, took the 
oath of allegiance, and then subscribed the declaration against the 
covenant. The members of Articles were then chosen, and a committee 
appointed, and Parliament was adjourned. The Lord Commissioner 
entertained the whole members and other persons of quality, with 
all the ladies in town, at a magnificent supper at Holyrood, “ where 
nothing was wanting that Brittane could affourd.” [Jbid. No. 142.] 


1669, 
Oct. 19. 


Oct. 19. 


Oct. 19. 


Oct. 19. 
Cambridge. 


Oct. 19. 
Plymouth, 


Oct. 19. 
The Hulk, 
Plymouth. 


Oct. 19. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 19. 
Woolwich. 


CHARLES II. 539 


Pass for Sir Hugh Cholmley, Bart., one of the Queen’s servants, 
to go to Tangiers. [Latin. Foreign Entry Book 11, p. 320.] 


Warrant for a grant to John Seymour for 41 years, of the sole 
privilege of printing and selling 14 works, chiefly classical, named, 
and also all Greek and Latin grammars, on determination of 
a grant now in being to the Stationers’ Company of London, for 
printing most of the said books. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, 
pur 


Licence for Gaskyn Lowen, servant to George William, Duke of 
Brunswick and Lunenburg, to transport 4 horses for the use of his 
said master. Minute. [Zbid. f. 128.] 


Wormly Martin to Williamson. I was detained at Thetford 
through my father’s illness, or I should have answered your letters 
before. I found one of them at Cambridge, whereby I find your 
willingness to assist me to a preferment. The fellowship of Mr. Hall, 
a Norfolk man, of Corpus Christi, alias Bennet’s College, will be 
void in 6 months, and a mandamus thereto will therefore be wel- 
comed by me. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 266, No. 143.] Anneaxed, 


Testimony of Erasmus Lane [Fellow of Corpus Christi College, 
Cambridge], Sam. Beck, jun., Proctor of the University, and 
others, to the dissolute and improper conduct of Martin, 
who endeavours to obtain a fellowship in their college. 
[Ibid. No. 1431.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. I have been confined to my room 12 days, 
and am still ill. There have 12 or 14 ships left the harbour for 
Ireland and 4 other places named, but they have since met with 
some cruel storms. [Zbid. No. 144.] 


John Garratt, boatswain, to the Navy Commissioners. I send an 
account of disbursements for repairing the hulk, total 62l. 11s. 6d., 
which I have received of Mr. Lemon, by your order. [Ibid. 
No. 145.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. Reynolds, 
the carver, died 6 weeks since; the widow desired that John Rogers 
might finish the work on the new ship, against which I have 
nothing to object; not knowing either of the two named in your 
letter, 1 inquired of Capt. Deane, who gave so ill a character of 
Gerard Christmas, that I cannot advise him; Lewis Allen is un- 
known to us both. Capt. Deane wishes John Rogers to be the man, 
and I think you will do well to let him have the place. The master 
attendant has put the men come down to the new ship Queen to 
the rigging of her, but the storekeeper will deliver no stores, or 
cloth for sails, unless you send a warrant. [Ibid. No. 146.] 


Edw. Byland to the Navy Commissioners. I went to Sir John 
Austin’s to view a parcel of elm timber, 35 loads, and very good ; 
price 38s. a load. Let me know your resolution therein; I want 
also long timber for beams, and clamps for the new ship. [Jbid. 
No. 147.] 


540 


1669. 
Oct. 19. 


Oct. 20. 
Chatham. 


Oct. 20. 
Chatham. 


Oct. 20. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Demand by Mr. Burroughs of plank for the King’s two engines 
at Chatham. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 266, No. 148.] 


Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. I fear 
there must be some mistake as to Clerk’s timber served, in; 
particulars of what has been received; he is free that you shall 
have choice out of 300 trees, and if any prove bad, it must be the 
fault of the choosers. When Mr. Brunsden comes down, I shall give 
him the best instructions, and order him to bore at the butt end, to 
see that there be none rotten or red. There was no mistake in the 
price of Lewsley’s plank; I knew it was extravagant, but being 
tendered, I thought good to acquaint you; I will tell him it is 
not to be bought unless he will sell at a lower rate. 

I caused the wrecks to be appraised at 20l. more than what they 
were first appraised at; if there were not the forts in hand, which is 
their hopes of selling plank and timber to the Ordnance officers, 
hardly any would have taken them for breaking up; there would 
not have been so much given for them, if we had not ordered some 
of the officers to be bidders. I will let the pressed men know that 
they must not expect allowance to go to market any longer. 

The Black Dog hoy is not yet returned with Mr. Moorecock’s 
timber. I send the appraisement of the Minion wreck, which 
will be put to sale on Tuesday next. There is a small empty 
house standing on the King’s ground near the teamer’s house, 
formerly built by Commissioner Pett in the time of the sickness, 
for a pest house; if you approve of its being glazed and fitted, it 
may make two small tenements, and let for 6l. or 8l. a year. 
[2 pages. Ibid. No. 149.] Encloses, 

Certificate by Wm. Rand and 3 others, that they have viewed 
the Minion, and judge, with the things mentioned attached to 
her, she may be worth 16l.—19 Oct, Chatham. [Ibid. 
No. 1491.] 


Commissioner Thos. Middleton to the Navy Commissioners. 
Observations on demands for the Monmouth yacht, and for a supply 
of stores required hence for Deptford. Commissioner Cox and I 
will wait on Sir Roger Twysden to-morrow, to treat about his 
timber. Ruffhead has come down, and will observe your order. 
I think you should order nothing for the Monmouth yacht, without 
the captain’s hand to the demand. [Jbid. No. 150.] Encloses, 


Demand by John Hall of articles required for graving and 
trimming the Monmouth and York, within board and with- 
out board.—6 Oct. 1669. [Lbid. No. 1501.] 


Particulars by Thos. Gosling, boatswain, of necessaries re- 
quired for the Monmouth yacht at Dublin. Cancelled. (Ibid. 
No. 15011. ] 


Capt. Valentine Tatnell to Lord [Brouncker]. I understand that 
Capt. John Holmes, commander of the Lenox yacht, counterfeited a 
letter of attorney of upward of 50 men’s hands, received their pay, 
and detains most or all of it for his own use; also that he bears 
20 more men on his book than ever were aboard, and is going forth 


1669, 


Oct. 20. 


CHARLES II. 541 


again in the same vessel. I thought fit to acquaint your lordship, 
fearing that it might somewhat reflect upon you. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 267, No. 151.] 


Anonymous paper headed “The Alarum,” directed to Mr. Gara- 
way. Like the dumb man who found his tongue when he saw an 
arm lifted to kill his father, so I, who never meddled with anything 
beyond my private concernments, being an enemy to knowing, 
much more to writing, state matters, yet I cannot forbear— 
when I see my country in danger by the united villainy of 
so many that conspire against it; when I see that it is be- 
come the office of men in power to lay snares for Englishmen’s 
liberties, and the practice of men in trust to betray them, and when 
all the industry which should be used to maintain the Government 
is applied to alter it; when I see that the end is resolved, and that 
they only differ in the means, the only question remaining being 
whether they are to be enslaved by deceit or, violence—from im- 
parting my fears, and the grounds of them, to some of those few 
English gentlemen whom the corruption of this age has left, who 
love freedom and hate slavery. 

The present counsels go upon these foundations; first, to gain 
Parliament so that they shall be liberal of their money, and sparing in 
their grievances, and supply the King, without looking back upon 
ill conduct, or falling heavy upon the authors of it. If this Parlia- 
ment fail, it must be dissolved, and a new one chosen; and if that 
should not answer what is expected from it, force is to be set up, 
as the last and surest expedient. Money that is wanting to pay 
wages is found to corrupt members of Parliament. The great instru- 
ment of this is Lord Arlington who, besides promises of this or 
that place, tells out ready money to hirelings, who engage to betray 
their country for it. He desires the King may be put into a con- 
dition not to want Parliaments, knowing they are saucy things, 
and make bold to inquire both into the faults and the abilities of 
men in power, and he has just wit enough to be sensible that he can- 
not bear scrutiny. This poor man is but the sign of a secretary, 
and can do nothing that belongs to his place but receive the profits 
of it. To do him right, he loves business no better than business 
loves him; but he has not yet got 10,000/. a year, and till then, he 
will not leave the box, though he cannot drive, and were he freed 
from the fear of Parliament, would be as insolent as he is ignorant. 

The next in the negotiation is his man Clifford, who has a great 
mind to be a minister, probably because his father was one. He 
plays no small game, nor catches at small profits, by which he 
would seem to neglect his fortune, but it is that he may make it all 
at once. He sets up to be generous, by being free of the King’s 
wine at his table, and of his money in the Treasury; but don’t 
mistake the man, he has too much ambition and too little money to 
be content. If things succeed as he has laid them, he will throw 
off Lord Arlington’s livery, and set up for himself; but in order to 
do this, the great work of cheating the Parliament must be carried 
on, in which he neither spares his own pains, nor the King’s money ; 
it is worth observing how he behaves when anything concern- 


542 


1669. 


Oct. 20. 
Whitehall. 


Oct. 20. 


Oct. 20. 


Oct. 20. 


Oct. 20. 


Falmouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


ing Lord Sandwich comes in question, what part he had had with 
him in the miscarriage, or should have had in the plunder of Bergen. 
If force is adopted, he will be no small man, as a great part of the 
military model of government will be left to him, and as he loves 
absolute power, he whispers it to the King. : 
Lord Ashley is knavery bound up in little, the very abridg- 
ment of villainy, and the world calls him an ingenious man, which 
I suppose is because he is not hanged. He is said to understand 
the King’s revenue, and no wonder, for he has a share in every farm.. 
Sir Thos. Littleton was an angry man against the Court until 
silenced by a good place, and is now content that everything should 
be let alone, having got what he grumbled for. He thinks the 


_ King ought to be supplied, and his ministers saved, and if any- 


body is disposed to betray trust, and vote against conscience, he 
will conceive they do exceeding well in it. 

The King is still believed, in spite of the ill conduct of 
his ministers, and although he has mis-spent some money, the 
nation only desires that they who have made so fair a progress 
towards his ruin may not be suffered to finish it; that Parlia- 
ment will show the nation they can do something besides giving 
away their money, will relieve the King from his wants, rescue him 
from his ministers, and remember that they owe something to those 
who chose them. Endorsed by Williamson, “A Libel scattered in 
Westminster Hall, 20 Oct. 1669, at the meeting of Parliament.” 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 266, No. 152.] 


Order in Council, on petition of Col. John Rumsey and Major 
Edward Trelawney—that they served 7 years in the Portugal war 
with reputation and honour, but were recalled a year since, and have 
spent their own money, and what their friends could supply, wait- 
ing for vacant commands, though all others who served with them 
in Portugal are provided for, and begging an allowance till they 
gain employment—that the Treasury Commissioners settle on them 
a fitting allowance out of the Queen’s portion as it comes in, till 
they are provided for. Endorsed, “The King grants they shall 
have 200.. a year, as Lord Ashley reports.” [Zbid. No. 153.] 


Licence for the Ambassador of the King of Denmark to send 
back thither a coach, 12 horses, and 20 or 25 couple of hounds, 
which he brought over. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 127.] 


Warrant to the Ordnance Commissioners to pay from moneys 
arising from the sale of unserviceable ordnance 3281. 10s. to 
Edw. Sherburne, clerk of the Ordnance, they having reported on his 
petition that the said sum is due to him, for his patent fee of 2s. a 
day, which he has not received since the Restoration. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 26, f. 67.] 

Reference to the Attorney-General of a petition, name omitted, 
that a nolle prosequi may be entered on the petitioners behalf. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 72.) 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. We had a great storm on the 18th, 
when a Hamburgher, laden with masts for the French King, was 
washed away near the Lizard, but all the men saved except one. 


1669. 


Oct. 20. 
` Falmouth. 


Oct. 20. 


London. 


AAO, ZL: 


Oct. [21 2] 


Oct. 21. 
Letter Office. 


CHARLES II. 543 


The St. Andrew with fish for Havre de Grace, a Frenchman with 
coals from Wales, the St. John of Weymouth, and several others, 
have arrived, and report that they met much wreck at sea. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. II. 266, No. 154,] 


Same to Williamson. To the like effect; also 20 merchantmen 
have left the harbour, bound for the Straits, Portugal, the Canaries, 
and Genoa. [Jbid. No. 155.] 


James Hickes to Rob. Francis. Thanks for sending me the 
King’s speech. [Zbid. No. 156.] 


Grant to Sir Edw. Hungerford, Sir John Robinson, and 4 others 
—who have undertaken an expedition to Hudson’s Bay for dis- 
covery of a new passage into the South Sea, and for finding trade in 
furs, minerals, &c., which may be advantageous to the kingdom—of 
the seas, straits, bays, rivers, lakes, creeks, &c., within the entrance 
of Hudson’s Straits, with all the lands, lakes, rivers, &c., within the 
confines thereof, not now occupied by the subjects of any other 
Christian Prince; granting them the sole commerce of the said 
places, all mines and minerals, and royal and other fishing there. 
To be held as of the manor of East Greenwich, on rent of 2 elks 
and 2 black beavers yearly. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 128.] 


Mandate by Sir George Vyner, Bart., sheriff of Norfolk, to the 
Mayor of Thetford, enclosing the King’s brief for election of a new 
burgess, in place of the late Sir Wm. Gawdy, Bart., and directing 
that the election should take place without delay, and that he 
should be immediately informed of the result, that he might report 
it to the King. [Latin. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 266, No. 157.] 


A. Ellis to Williamson, I knew nothing of your journey to 
Thetford until yesterday ; if you kept it private through fear that 
I should cross your election, you are an unkind man. I have not 
been able to obtain an answer to any of my letters to the Thetford 
postmaster, as to settling the post office, and I hope you will have 
him before you, and see the post house settled. This you can 
hardly deny, seeing it is Lord Arlington’s affair. I wonder which 
way you could get to Thetford without passing our quarters, where 
you have so many servants; I hope you will have no cause to 
repent your journey. 

To-day the House [of Commons] has been on the subject of the 
Lords’ jurisdiction, and one of the members advised an adjournment 
from day to day, till the Lords had erased all their proceedings 
against the East India Company ; this reminds me of the Romans, 
when they disputed with the Fathers for magistracy, and gained 
ground on every argument. The reputation of Lord Ormond in- 
creases so much amongst the Commons that the torrent begins to 
turn, or at least, to lose much of its violence. M. Richard has 
returned to Paris, finding the sea too tempestuous; Thos. Lloyd 
and several others were starved at sea between Holland and Eng- 
land, from not taking sufficient provisions with them. [2 pages. 
Ibid. No. 158.] 


544, 


1669. 


Octal 


Whitehall. 


[Oct. 21.] 


Oct. 21. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 21. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


Oct. 21. 


Oct. 21. 


[Oct. 21.] 
Oct. 21. 


Victualling 
Office. 


Oct. 21. 
Deptford. 


Oct. 21. 


Portsmouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Rob. Francis to Williamson. I have read the Gazette, and the 
letters from France to Lord [Arlington], and I enclose them to you, 
having prepared extracts for Mr. Ford. The Lords have adjourned 
till Monday, and Lord Arlington keeps the office, being now at 
Whitehall, where Mr. Treasurer comes to lodge to-morrow or 
Saturday. Idelivered Sir Hugh Cholmondeley’s pass, and Mr. Cary 
and Lord St. John’s bills, and received the fees. I waited on 
Lady Katherine, and expect some letters from her for you and the 
Duke of Richmond, Lady Thomond and the rest of the ladies 
present their service, and Madame Cave expects a special express, 
according to your promise. Mr. Perrott wishes to retain the print 
of this last post from Paris, in case it is required. [1% pages. 
S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 266, No. 159.] 


Verses on the visit paid by Jos. Williamson to Thetford. [Latin, 
24 lines hexameters and pentameters. Ibid. No. 159a.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. No news except damage done 
by the overflowing of the great springs, during the late storm. 
[Ibid. No. 160.] 


Reference to the Lord Chief Justice of King’s Bench of the 
petition for a reprieve of Hen. Beverley, condemned for horse- 
stealing. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 73.] 


Pass for 10 horses for the Duke of Guise. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 30, f. 1738.] 


The King to the Master and Senior Fellows of Trinity Hall, Cam- 
bridge. We recommend for a fellowship now void in your college 
Fras. Coell, who had a letter in his favour 20 June 1668, but con- 
sented to give it up, on account of a former letter .in behalf of 
Suetonius Parry, who is now placed. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, 
p. 111.] 


Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 266, No. 161.] 


Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. I remember that 
I assured his Royal Highness I would take order with Sir Thos. 
Clutterbuck at Leghorn, to supply the ships with what victuals 
they should call for, which I have taken care of; but for providing 
victuals at Cadiz, I gave no assurance, well knowing that it could 
not be done there but by sending them from other parts, and there- 
fore I desire further order. [Jbid. No. 162.] 


Jonas Shish to Thos. Hayter. The broom lying on the wharf at 
Upper Deptford belongs to Mr, Swan, and is 15 per cent. better 
than that now delivering into the stores. Pray let Mr. Mayors 
view them both. [Zbid. No. 163.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I send a 
petition of Mrs, Timbrell, for her late husband’s place of anchor 
smith, and desire you will present it to his Royal Highness; she is 
more fit to undertake the business than her late husband was. 
[Zbid. No. 164,] 


1669. 
Oct. 21. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 21. 
Rye. 


Oct. 21. 


Oct-22: 
Chatham. 


Ocha 2: 


Swansea. 


Oct. 22. 
Plymouth. 


79380. 


CA 


CHARLES II. 54, 


Same to the Same. I will procure such materials as are wanting, 
and may be had in these paris, at the cheapest rates I can, pre- 
suming that the Treasurers will make good my obligation to the 
merchants. The Merlin yacht came in very leaky, and out of 
victuals; I ordered her on shore; she is off again, and this morning 
has taken in a month’s provisions; I have given Mr. Wren an 
account of this. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 266, No. 165.] 


Edmond Harris, Mayor of Rye, to the Navy Commissioners. I 
want an order to sell part of a cable formerly belonging to the 
St. Andrew, which was saved by a Hastings man; what sum will 
you allow to the salver thereof? I spent 10s. in buoy rope to 
recover the rest; but lying so long, it is only fit to be picked for 
oakum. Shall I sell it by inch of candle? Pray mind at last 
about the money long since allowed me, for my disbursements about 
the St. Andrew and Happy Return. [Ibid. No. 166.] 


Note by R. Mayors, purveyor, that he bought 38 loads of elm 
and oak timber at Deptford, of John Tomling, at 46s. 6d. a load. 
[Zbid. No. 167.] 


Col. Thos. Middleton and Commissioner John Cox to the Navy 
Commissioners. If Mr. Clerk comes over as promised, we shall 
send Mr. Brunsden with him to view the trees tendered. We shall 
discourse with the teamer about the pest house, but fear there may 
be as great an illconveniency in his having it, as you apprehend 
there may be in any others having it; we will take the best course. 

We could not agree with Sir Roger Twysden about his timber, he 
now asking 45s. aton ; and we could not bring him lower than 42s., 
he affirming that Mason had proffered 41s.; he has given us a week 
to consider; we left Mason with him, so that if you do not accept, 
Mason will, and we must then, if you will have it, buy it of him. 
We have sent Mr. Brunsden to Maidstone and Mill Hall, to see 
what large timber and knees he can find, fit for the new ship. 
[Zbid. No. 168.] Enclose, 


Terms upon which Middleton and Cox agree, to be proffered 
to Sir Roger Twysden for the purchase of his timber. [Ibid. 
No. 1681. j 


John Man to Williamson. The late storms have had some ill 
effects in these parts. A ketch of Plymouth, the Cherubim of 
Barnstaple, and a trow of Swansea were forced on the banks at the 
other side of the river, where two of them went to pieces, but their 
men got on to the other, with the aid of a rope, and so saved them- 
selves and their stock. I expect the trow will come off the next 
spring tide, as she has endured the brunt, and is a strong vessel. 
We heard of more disasters westward, but not the particulars. 
[Zbid. No. 169.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. Do not expect many lines, as I am so 
ill. Three Yarmouth and several London vessels outward bound have 
put in by foul weather. A Dutchman who has lost his masts, and 

MM 


[Oct. 22.] 
Edinburgh. 


Oct. 22. 


Oct. [22.] 
Edinburgh. 


Oct. 23. 
Edinburgh. 


Oct. 23. 
The Resolution. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


2 ships of Plymouth, have arrived from Barbadoes with wines and 
prunes. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 266, No. 170.] 


Answer of the Scottish Parliament to the King. We cheerfully 
concur in all your wishes, and especially in that of bringing about 
a closer union between the kingdoms. We are willing to appoint 
commissioners to treat thereon, reserving the final approbation to 
Parliament, and offer to your Majesty the nomination of the com- 
missioners. We will give cheerful obedience to Lord Commissioner 
Lauderdale. [14 pages. Ibid. No. 171. Printed in Acts of 
Parliament of Scotland, Vol. VIL, p. 552.] 


Copy of the above. [4 pages. Printed. Ibid. No. 172.] 


News-letter. On the 19th, the Lord High Constable, the Earl of 
Errol, sat in the Parliament House, to welcome the members as they 
alighted. About 11 am., the Lord Chancellor and [George Keith] 
Earl Marshal, with the purse and mace, and 6 trumpeters, came as 
usual to see all in readiness, and receive the Lord Commissioner. 
Description of his procession, the Earl of Mar carrying the sword, 
the Earl of Argyle the sceptre, and the Marquis of Douglas the 
crown before him. The road was lined with citizens in arms. As 
he entered the Parliament House, the castle guns fired. He took the 
chair of state, and the regalia being laid on the table before him, the 
Bishop of Dumblane [Rob. Leighton] prayed. The King’s letter was 
then read, and the Lord Commissioner and Lord Chancellor spoke to 
second it. The commissions of shires and boroughs were received, and 
doubtful ones referred for examination. The nobility then chose 
8 bishops, the bishops 8 nobles, and those 16 chose 8 knights and 
8 burgesses who, with the officers of State, make up the Lords of 
Articles, to prepare business for Parliament. The answer to the 
King’s speech has been twice read and debated, andis passed and 
printed. [14 pages. Ibid. No. 173.] 


Rob. Mein to Williamson. Parliament met again, and after 
much dispute, concluded that there should be an Union between 
England and Scotland, and that the King should nominate com- 
missioners to treat thereon, and the place of treaty; it was then 
adjourned till Tuesday. [Ibid. No. 174.] 


Sir Thos. Allin to Williamson. Until 14 October, we so curbed the 
Algerines that few or none of them durst venture to sea; but I was 
forced off that coast, and separated from my fleet, by a hard gale, 
and have now only 4 men-of-war and a ketch with me. Standing 
in close to the Mole of Algiers, I found that 4 sail had got out, and 
thereupon sent 3 men-of-war, with the ketch, to watch their 
motions, and secure our trade along the coast of Spain; I am 
going to Port Mahon in Minorea—being the place designed for 
cleaning and repairing our ships—to put our affairs in order. I fear 
we shall find the Governors there “severe in point of pratique,” as 
they have already refused it to Sir Edw. Spragg’s ketch. I have 
written very often to Sir Wm, Godolphin about it, and he gives 
hopes that all will be well, 


1669. 


Oct. 23. 


- The Resolution, 


Algiers Bay. 


Oct. 23. 


Portsmouth. 


CHARLES. II. 547 


I met a prize on the 19th, going to Algiers, which we cut off 
from the town, and forced the men to leave her; but they first fired 
the ship; after her masts were burnt down, our men went on 
board, quenched the fire, and saved “a parcel of poor jack,” which 
I distributed amongst our ships, and appointed shares for those 
absent. The prize was one of our Newfoundland men, who venture 
all to get the first market. Send me a little news, as after 2 months 
on this coast, and being in expectation of many months more on 
the seas, it will be refreshing. [14 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 266, 
NOIE] 


Sir Thos. Allin to the Navy Commissioners. I must complain of 
the victualler’s agents in the Thames and at Portsmouth ; 28 butts 
are certified by Sir John Harman to have quite leaked out, the 
casks being old, new wrought, and my purser is 23 tuns of beer 
short for his 3 months’ beverage; Sir Edw. Spragg has lost near 
the same quantity. I was forced to send all the fireships and 
2 men-of-war to the coast of Spain, for water and beverage wine, or 
we must have gone off the coast of Algiers, and suffered the Turks’ 
fleet to go clean out, to the great prejudice of our nation. I had to 
supply pursers with wine out of contingent money in hand. 

Gascoigne, the victualler’s agent at Tangier, would only pay half 
the sum for the 3 months’ beverage wine, but that would not satisfy 
me, knowing how basely he used me the last time I had credit 
upon him; so I informed him he must either pay me so much money 
or go with me to sea; rather than do that, he paid my agent the 
money in light pistoles at 4 dollars apiece, which is a loss in every 
pistole of 2s. 6d. l : 

The seamen complain for want of clothes, and fall daily by 
agueish distempers, many being pressed men, who brought no more 
than is on their backs. Some of the ships are out of victuals, and 
others nearly so; but you will have their complaints by Sir Edw. 
Spragg, who with 4 ships left us 10 days ago. The Nonsuch in a 
hard gale carried her foremast by the board elose to the deck, and 
cut all away. I have sent her to Port Mahon, but I fear there is no 
mast fit for her there. I hope, if you send victuals, you will also 
send 2 or 8 masts, [2 pages. Ibid. No. 176.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I freely 
subscribe to your opinion that such as have spent most time in his 
Majesty’s service should be preferred before others of like abilities, 
and for your better satisfaction, I have sent the enclosed. John Rogers 
served Mr. Leadman, carver for Deptford and Woolwich, and has 
spent his whole time in his Majesty’s service there and at Chatham. 
[Ibid. No. 177.] Encloses, 


Capt. Ant. Deane and 2 others to the Navy Commissioners. 
We recommend John Rogers as carver, in the place of 
Mr. Reynolds, deceased. We judge him fitter for the em- 
ployment than those who have petitioned, one being to our 
knowledge utlerly unfit, and the other a stranger to our 
affairs. Portsmouth, 18 Oct. 1669. [Ibid. No. 1771] 

MM 2 


548 


1669. 
Oct. 23. 


Woolwich. 


Oct. 23. 
Lyme. 


Oct. 23. 
Milford. 


Oct. 23. 


Oct. 23. 
Hull. 


Oct. 24. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 25. 
Thetford, 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Edw. Byland to the Navy Commissioners. What I did as to 
Sir John Austin’s timber was clearly for his Majesty’s service; I 
confess we have no urgent occasion for it, but another such bargain 
will scarcely be found. It is a very unseasonable time of the year 
to lay a ship’s deck with green timber; if dry plank can 
possibly be had, it will be far better. I have laid a stop on 
Sir John’s timber, or it would be immediately gone on my refusal. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 266, No. 178.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. The Windsor and Elizabeth of Lyme 
have arrived from St. Malo, with canvas and other goods, and 
report that there was a proclamation out there, calling home all the 
subjects of the French King within 6 months, on pain of death ; 
also an order for pressing carpenters, and for prohibiting the import 
of drapery from Holland, and that they spoke of doing the same as 
to England. They also heard of Sir Thos. Allin taking 2 Algiers 
men-of-war of 30 and 40 guns. They touched at Guernsey on their 
way home, and found the place in good equipage, and such a great 
quantity of cider made this year, that they have refused any wines 
being brought to them from France. I expect my [news]-letter, 
having received but one. [Zbid. No. 179.] 


John Powell to Hickes. The Roebuck, commanded by Capt. Liddell, 
the John and Mary of London, with pilchards from Plymouth for 
the Straits, and a French vessel with coals for France, who lost her 
masts at sea through the storm, have arrived. Pray forward a 
letter enclosed, and I will pay the postage of that, and others 
formerly sent, on demand. [Jbid. No. 180.] 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [Ibid. No. 181.] 


Charles Whittington to Williamson. Three Hull vessels have 
arrived from Holland, and report a great storm of wind on Sunday 
last, which brought the sea with such rage into the Texel, that a 
vessel laden with stuffs and cloth from Holland was cast away on 
Fugell Sand, as were also several other vessels riding in the Texel, 
one being bound for the East Indies. A Newcastle vessel lost 
all its masts, and for greater security, heaved much of the lead 
and cloth overboard. 

Four vessels of London were driven back into the Texel from 
Yarmouth Sands, and still remain there. I hear from Bridlington 
that 4 laden colliers were cast away on this coast. The fury 
of the storm has driven the water into Amsterdam, and done 
much damage to the warehouses and cellars of the merchants. The 
Relief of Hull, laden with flax from the East, has put in to stop a 
leak. I have provided you a barrel of excellent ale; how shall it 
be sent? [Jbid. No. 182.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. There is no news to send. 
[Zbid. No. 183.] : 


_ John Kendall to Williamson. The enclosure must speak for 
itself; I leave the rest to your wisdom. If the Lord Lieutenant 


1669. 


Oct. 25. 
Thetford. 


CHARLES II. 549 ` 


[of Norfolk] is not consulted about the postmastership, it will not 
be well taken, as it is within his jurisdiction. [S.P. Dom, Car. IT. 
266, No. 184.] Annexing, 


Petition of Martha, relict of John Warner, lute postmaster of 
Thetford, to Williamson, M.P. for Thetford. My husband 
was postmaster for a long time, and met his death by falling 
into the river on a dark night, when returning home with 
Lord Arlington’s letters, which were found next day in his 
pocket. I have carried on the office since his death, to the 
good liking of Lord Townshend, the Lord Lieutenant of Nor- 
folk, “ for whose letters especially that pipe was erected” ; as 
at is the sole subsistence of myself and 4 children, I desire I 
may continue to do so, according to my contract and agree- 
ment, having, with consent of the Lord Lieutenant, made a 
contract with the present postmaster to hold it till Michael- 
mas; it is the general desire of the Mayor, burgesses, and. 
commonalty, as is testified by their affixing the corporate 
seal to my petition. [Ibid: No. 1841.] 


Representation of Rob. Tyrrell, Mayor, and the burgesses and com- 
monalty of Thetford, to Sir Allen Apsley and Jos. Williamson, their 
two burgesses in Parliament. Notwithstanding the Act of Oblivion, 
our charter is not yet renewed, and we conceive that neither our- 
selves nor our proceedings are safe without it ; we request the speedy 
effecting thereof, and power for the corporation to add or alter such 
clauses as may be deemed necessary. 

Our corporation comprehends part of Norfolk and part of 
Suffolk for its boundary, and that part of Thetford which 
lies in Suffolk, during the rebellion and for 7 or 8 years be- 
fore the Restoration, paid all duties, &c., to that part of Thetford 
which lies in Norfolk. We beg to be restored to our former 
rights and immunities, either by some clause in an Act of Parlia- 
ment, or in our charter, so that there may be no dispute for 
the future, and that all subsequent payments and duties which shall 
be imposed upon the Suffolk side in Thetford, as well as on 
Thetford in Norfolk, may be paid to Thetford in Norfolk, as if that 
part lay in Norfolk. 

By reason of such payment of taxes to Suffolk, by that part of 
Thetford lying in Suffolk, and not to Norfolk, an arrear of 2001. has 
been laid upon the latter, and a suit is depending in the Exchequer, 
between Thetford in Suffoik and Thetford in Norfolk, as to payment 
of the arrears; this is of many years’ standing, and the persons 
liable having removed or died, Thetford in Norfolk. is condemned 
to pay, if they show no cause to the contrary during this term. 
This condemnation has crept in upon us through the ill management 
of those we trusted, and not having the money, we ask a hearing 
de novo of the whole matter, at the Exchequer or in Parliament, 
proceedings to be stayed in the Exchequer meantime. 

From time out of mind, Thetford has been the place for loading 
and unloading commodities from the upper countries to our 
borough, and from thence to divers counties down the stream, 


Oct. 25. 
Lyme. 


Oct. 25. 


Pendennis. 


Oct. 25. 


Falmouth. 


Oct. 25. 


Oct, 25. 
Whitehall. 


Oct. 25. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


such as Cambridge, Huntingdon, Bedford, Lincoln, &c., to the great 
advantage of our poor corporation, and the maintenance of its 
inhabitants; but divers parts of our channel are rendered unnavi- 
gable by accumulation of sand, and have become useless; we 
therefore request an Act of Parliament empowering us to cleanse it, 
so as to revive former advantages, and granting that all future 
benefits arising therefrom may be settled upon our corporation in 
perpetuity. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 266, No. 185. See infra, 8 Nov., 
Povey to Williumson.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. The Concord of Lyme, from Rotter- 
dam, reports a continuance of their fears as to a war with France ; 
the Dutch have put a higher duty upon French wine and brandy 
imported. I have not received the news-letters promised. [Jbid. 
No. 186.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. A vessel with oil, bound for Dart- 
mouth, has arrived from Portugal ; also one from France with fruit, 
wine, and vinegar, 6 or 7 Frenchmen laden with salt for France, 
and several others. Earnly, master of a ship from the Straits 
bound for London, says that Sir Thos. Allin has proclaimed war 
with Algiers. A Dane laden with deals has been cast away at the 
Lizard, and 2 men drowned. [Jbid. No. 187.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. The Freedom of London has arrived 
from Malaga, laden with salt, and says the vineyards there are 
spoilt by the rain, so that there will be little wine or fruit this 
year. The Virgin of Weymouth, and others with wine from Bor- 
deaux, report that there will not be so much wine made there as 


formerly; another from Nantes mentions a good vintage there. 
[Zbid. No. 188.] 


The King to the Commissioners appointed for the funeral of the 
Queen Mother. In addition to the 3,0007. which you were to 
authorise Sir Thos. Bond to expend, 1,0002. is to be paid by him to 
Walter Montague, Lord Almoner of the said Queen, to be disposed 
of in alms and charitable uses, according to her pious intentions ; 
the same to be repaid him, with interest at 6 per cent., on his 
eee the warrants and receipts. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, 

. 36,] 


Order granting the petition of Humphrey Wiggan, and other exe- 
cutors of the late Jas. Pitt, in trust for the performance of some 
charitable uses bequeathed by him, for a commission of review of 
a sentence obtained against them, the Lord Keeper’s report being 
in their favour, [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. '74.] 


Note of several bills brought before the House of Commons, 
[See Commons’ Journals, Vol. IX. p. 100.] Also that a bill settling 
the jurisdiction between the two Houses was reported, read, and 
to be read again to-morrow. Also that the Commissioners of 


Accounts attended with their report, as was appointed. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. TT. 266, No. 189.] 


CHARLES II. 551 


1669. 
Oct. 25. Col. Thos. Middleton and Commissioner John Cox to the Navy 
Chatham. Commissioners. We send the lowest rates we can bring John Ruff- 
head to, and leave them to your consideration. Course must be taken 
to send down knees for the new ship, as these parts will not afford 
10 loads, unless some may be found in Sir Roger Twysden’s timber. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 266, No. 190.] Enclose, 


John Ruffhead’s particulars of prices at which he can make 
some new anchors ; the money to be paid on delivery. [Ibid. 
No. 1901.] 


Oct. 26. Commissioner John Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. Hav- 
Portsmouth. ing considered the rates you give for small masts, I doubt of 
Mr. Newland’s tender; his demand was more than double the 
price, but if you would have them bought, I shall endeavour to 
keep him to his promise. I cannot say the blocks are wanted at 
present, there being no ships preparing for sea. I paid the ship- 
wrights yesterday, and intend to pay the ordinary and workmen 
to-day; by paying in the afternoon, the King saves half a day. 
Mr. Jones, the solicitor, is dead, so you should send for the papers he 

brought from hence. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 267, No. 1.] E'ncloses, 
Demand by Tippetts of 1,4011. 9s. 3d. for procuring stores 
mentioned, required in the yard for carrying on the works 
there as specified—Portsmouth, 26 Oct, 1669. [2 pages. 

Ibid. No. 11] 


Oct. 26. Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. I want a warrant 
Deptford. to repair the Assurance, she being in the dry dock and ready for 
the work. [Ibid. No. 2.] 


Oct. 26. Hum. Pibus to the Navy Commissioners. Thanks for your pro- 

Newcastle. curing me an order for payment of 84l. 5s. 7d. in part of my debt ; 
I hope the rest will be shortly paid, I have authorised Wm. 
Robinson, merchant, to wait on you and give a discharge for it. 
oid No. 3.] © 


Oct 26. The King to the Treasury Commissioners. We have determined 
to settle upon the Queen Consort, in full of her jointure, 40,0007. 
a year from the Exchequer and Duchy of Lancaster, of which 
22,8751. 11s, 11d. is already granted, but 17,124], 8s. ld. is yet 
unpassed. To complete the grant, you are to make out particulars 
of such lands, &c., as you think fitting, whieh were settled by our 
royal father on our late dear mother for life, allowing 2 per cent. 
for decayed rents, repairs, &c. As there are fee-farm rents in 
London which cannot be paid because of the late dismal fire, you 
are to grant her other lands of like value ; these are to be settled on 
her trustees for her use for life, and a grant prepared accordingly, 
With note of a like order, mutatis mutandis, to the Chancellor 
of the Duchy of Lancaster—29 Oct. 1669. [S.P. Dom. Entry 
Book 31, f. 87.] 

Oct. 26. Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of the 

Court at Earl of Mulgrave, for a grant in fee-farm of the reversion in fee of 

Whitehall) the manors of Mulgrave and Seaton, Yorkshire, on the former rent 
of 90l. a year. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 74.] 


552 


1669. 
Oct. 26. 


Oct. 26. 


Paris. 


Oct. 26. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 26. 


Yarmouth. 


Oct. 26. 


Oct. 26. 


Oct. 27. 
Milford. 


Oct. 27. 


Falmouth. 


Oct. 27. 


Falmouth. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS, 


Petition of Benj. Waller, of Great Yarmouth, to the King and 
Council, that an end may be put to the cause between him and 
Peter Salmon by a final hearing, the Attorney-General having 
given in his report; the suit has already cost petitioner 1000. 
[S.P. Dom., Cur. IZ. 267, No. 4.] 


Sir Thos. Orby to Williamson. I am ashamed to trouble you 
again, but I want the stewardship of Crowland ; as I have the manor 
of Crowland, it was more proper for me, but Sir Edw. Walpole had 
it, to my prejudice, and he being now dead, no courts can be 
kept there, unless his Majesty grants a patent for the stewardship. 
[Damaged. Ibid. No. 5.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Queen's ship, built here by 
contract by Capt. Deane, is to be launched next Thursday by him. 
Sir Phil. Honeywood still continues very ill. The workmen at the 
dock have had a month’s pay. [Jbid. No. 6.] 


L. B[ower] to Williamson. A ship with deals, and a flyboat with 
pitch, tar, and iron, have been lost on Newark Sands, off Yarmouth, 
and two men and a boy drowned. [Jbid. No. 7.] 


Account of the ships lately put into the harbour of Kinsale: 
the Brewster of Dublin, bound for the Straits, come to lade pil- 
chards; 2 Bristol ships come to lade beef and pork for the West 
Indies ; the George of London; and the Seaflower of Cork, bound 
home, laden with tobacco, sugar, aud indigo from the West Indies. 


(Ibid. No. 8.] 


Receipt by W. Chiffinch, closet keeper, for 10,000/. received from 
Wm. Bucknall of London, for the service of his Majesty, for repay- 
ment of which, out of the revenue in Ireland, Bucknall is to receive 
letters patent under the Great Seal. [Copy. Ibid. No. 9.] 


John Powell to Williamson. The Roebuck, commanded by Capt. 
Liddell, has sailed. A vessel arrived at Tenby with some Irish 
sheep, but on the officers preparing to go aboard to seize her—the 
transportation of sheep from Ireland being prohibited—they weighed 
anchor, and shot with pistols at the officers, who were forced to 
desist. [Zdid, No. 10.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. I hear by vessels from Bordeaux, that 
many of the Dutch ships which went there for wine have left 
without any, on account of the great tax put upon it in Holland. 
The skipper of a ship from Ostend for Ireland says there is a 
report in Ostend, that the French King will yield up his late con- 
quest in Flanders, and also Dunkirk, to the custody of the Spaniards, 
on condition that the King of Spain will permit him to carry an 
army at any time through his dominions. Pray send me the King 
and Lord Keeper’s speeches. [/bid. No. 11.] 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect, and that of his letter 
to Hickes of 25 Oct. [Ibid. No. 12.] 


1669. 
Oct. 27. 


CHARLES II. 558 


Sir Thos. Allin to Williamson. On the 26th I had a fair wind, 


The Resolution, which carried me into this port, where I found Sir Edw. Spragg, 


Port Mahon. 


Oct 27. 


Oct. 27. 


Oct. 27. 


Oct. 27. 
Whitehall. 


Oct. 27. 


with the Constant Warwick, Foresight, Welcome and Orange fire- 
ships, and the Portsmouth ketch, who were all separated from 
us by bad weather on the coast of Barbary. We were civilly re- 
ceived by the Governors of the island and fort, and had pratique 
given immediately, though those of our ships that came first were 


denied it the first 10 days. The harbour is as safe and convenient 


for careening as can be, but if our own stores run short or defective, 
the country affords no ‘supply. Sir Edw. Spragg, by whom I send 
this, is going to his station westward with his division, consisting 
of the Constant W arwick, Welcome fireship, and Plymouth ketch. 
I hope in 3 days to send out the Nonsuch, Milford, and Pearl, well 
fitted and clean, to join Capt. Clerk at his station on the coast of 
Spain, to whom I will give directions to spread as much as they 
can on the sea. I hope to put to sea myself in a few days with the 
Portland, Foresight, Little Victory and Orange fireships. [With 
the letter of Oct. 23, No. 175, swpra.] 


Petition of Major John Haselwood to the Treasury Commissioners, 
for a grant of the concealed personal estate and effects belonging to 
Sir Arthur Hesilrigg, Bart., at the time of his death, and forfeited 
to his Majesty by the Act for pains and penalties; presents a 
schedule of the said estate, lest it should be thought he intended to 
surprise his Majesty in the value or quantity. Was promised a 
gratuity for services to his Majesty and the late King, and has 
lately made a discovery of these goods. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 267, 
No. 13.] Arnnexing, 

Schedule of the goods, &c., of Sir Arthur Hesilrigg at the time 
of his decease ; furniture, hay and corn, horses and cattle, 
agricultural implements, 37 old books, some of them in folio, 
&c., the total of which are estimated not to exceed in value 
6007. [Lbid. No. 131] 


Warrant for a grant to the petitioner of the said estate and 
effects. [Draft. Ibid. No. 1311.] 


Constitution of Sir John Walpole to be Commissioner for Appeals 
and regulating the duty of excise; allowance, 2001. a year. [Docquet, 
Vol. 24, No. 97.] 


Warrant to pay to Sir Thos. Osborne and Sir Thos. Littleton, 
Commissioners for the office of Navy Treasurer, 150,0000, for the 
use of the Navy. [Lbid.] 


Warrant to the Ordnance Commissioners to deliver to the 
Earl of Winchelsea, Lord Lieutenant of Kent, 40 cases of pistols, 
breast-plates, &c., which were left at Ashford on the disbanding of 
some horse; to be laid up where they may be most ready for service 
in that county. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 180.] 


Warrant to Sir Francis Masham, Bart., to preserve the game 
within 6 miles of High Laver, co. Essex. Minute. [JZbid.] 


5 


54 


1669. 


Oct. 27. 
Victualling 
Office. 


Oct. 27. 
Chatham. 


Oct. 28. 
Drury Lane. 


Oct. 28. 
Deptford. 


Oct. 28. 
Chatham. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. Not having 
obtained the final determination of the Treasury Commissioners, on 
the accounts referred to them by his Majesty in Council, I have not 
been able to represent properly what I have disbursed; but I send 
the state of my disbursements, lest I may suffer for want of laying 
that and other things before you. I have been, and still am, under 
great difficulty to preserve myself from ruin, by these disbursements, 
and the provisions sent to the Barbadoes in the time of the war, 
which amount to 23,000/.; I shall not be able to contend much 
longer, unless I receive some satisfaction. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 267, 


No. 14.] 


Col. Thos. Middleton to the Navy Commissioners. I will send a 
man to mark out what timber of Mr. Mason’s is fit for present use, 
and he will bring the least price. Iam of your opinion concerning 
the teamer and the house; it is far better to have one knave that 
he knows live near a man, than 2 or 8 that he knows not; besides, 
the teamer has more reason to have it than any other man. 

I wish you had given me a positive order about Sir Roger Twysden’s 
timber, because I would do in it as if for myself, and the bargain 
would be much to the King’s advantage. Brunsden cannot meet 
with any knees except what Mason has. Ruffhead is gone to 
London; if you do not make an agreement with him before he 
returns, I and Commissioner Cox will do what we can. You will 
not do amiss to treat with some other, to see how the market stands, 
albeit I would give him 5s. per cwt. more than any other, unless 
it be the King’s smith at Deptford; I believe that such anchors as 
we require are not to be made by any other man in England, and 
there are 30 anchors wanted for the new ship and others. [24 pages. 
Ibid. No. 15.] 


Earl of Anglesey to the Navy Commissioners. Finding you failed 
to sit upon my account of the Navy, I entreat that a speedy day 
may be appointed to go on with it. You only allow one day in the 
week, and if that be not punctually observed, I shall be long before 
I am discharged of my account. [Zbid. No. 16.] 


Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. I doubt not but you 
will hasten the purveyor for sending in such knees as shall be fit ; 
let 20 calkers be entered for a month, for calking the London, 
bid No. 17.] 


Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. I attended 
the firing of 2 chests on the wrecks to be blown up, which did very 
good execution, and hope to fire 2 more on Saturday. I put the 
Minion up to sale, but there being no buyers, she was not sold. I 
want one cwt. of twine for the sail makers. Mr. Brunsden reports 
that Mr. Clerk’s timber is not of the dimensions he said it was, 
and is employed at several places to see what may be had for the 
new ship. [Zbid. No. 18.] Enclosing, 

Particulars of the quantity and price of Capt. Pyend’s fir 
timber. [Lbid. No. 181.] í £ D 4 


Cr 
On 
or 


CHARLES II. 


1669. 
Oct. 28. W. Bodham to [Wm. Acworth]. Mr. Hales has had 22 tons odd, 
Woolwich. and what remains is guessed at a ton. I think it not worth your 
further delay, as we have use for it; I need not stand much for 
your hand, having such ample testimony. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 
267, No. 19.] 


Oct. 28. Rob. Sliter to [the Navy Commissioners]. Proposals for work- 

da an ing out old junk, &c., into twice-laid cordage, at Chatham, at froin 

E 3s, 6d. to 48. 6d. per cwt, they finding tools and materials. [Zbid. 
No. 20.] 


Oct. 28. Sir Thos. Allin to the Navy Commissioners. Repetition of his 
The Resolution, letter of Oct. 23, but dated Oct. 24; adding: On the 24th, Capt. 
Ton aloa Bart being very leaky, we resolved, at a council of war, to send 
him up, and that I should go with him, to see how our affairs stood 
here, which I find very bad, no supplies or workmen to be had, 
and no tar, though 8 ships need careening; if it is his Majesty’s 
pleasure that we should continue upon this coast, there must be 
a supply of all stores and victuals immediately. [2 pages. Ibid. 

No. 21.] 


Oct. 28. Sir Denis Gauden to Pepys. Ido not know how your concerns 
Victualling will admit of your attendance to-morrow, and I am obliged to attend 
ce elsewhere ; but being unwilling to lose any opportunity of putting 
an end to those accounts that lie before their lordships or elsewhere, 

if it suits you, I shall attend. [Jbid. No. 22.] Encloses, 


Sir George Downing to Sir Denis Gauden and Sam. Pepys. 
The Treasury Commissioners desire your attendance on 
Friday at 9 am. about Sir Denis Gauden’s Toulon and 
Lent accownts.—Treasury Chambers, 27 Oct. 1669. [Ibid. 


No. 221.] 
Oct. 28. Jo. Carlile to Williamson. His Majesty’s yacht Henrietta has 
Dover. eft the harbour for Boulogne or St. Valery, and carries over Sir 


Hugh Cholmley and his lady, both of whom have been detained 
at Dover 4 days by contrary winds. It was Sir Hugh’s bad fortune 
to lodge at the tavern of Le Forte, a Frenchman, whose wife mis- 
carried, and is since dead, it is supposed of the contagion, by reason 
that she died with a swelling under her arm. We hope it is 
nothing infectious, as ten people, all in good health, are now shut 
up in the house. [Zbid. No. 23.] 


Oct. 28. Lewes Tremayne to Fras. Godolphin, London. I hear that a Dutch 
St.Mawes ship of 500 tons, laden with masts, deals, and provisions for the 
Castle. French King’s fleet, was cast away near the Lizard last Monday. 
Capt. Collings went to the place, and found the ship rifled, and a 

bargain pretended to be made between the master and some of the 

gentry of the neighbourhood. As you assured me that such 

bargains were invalid, I hope you will take some course to prevent 

or invalidate them, or it will lessen your interest and power, 


[Ibid. No. 24.] 


556 


1669. 
Oct. 28. 


Portsmouth, 


Oct. 28. 
Deal. 


Oct. 28. 


Southampton. 


Oct. 28. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


Oct. 28. 
Oct. 28. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Queen’s ship is to be 
launched to-day ; Sir Philip [Honeywood] still continues very bad. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 267, No. 25.] 


Rich. Watts to ‘Williamson. Letters from France report that 
Dieppe is very much visited with the pestilence, and that the King 
has sent two companies of foot, and a troop of horse, to lie near the 
town, and keep the inhabitants in. Calais is also reported to be 
visited. I hear of only one house in Dover, but the north-east 
winds keep all news and trade from our town. [Jbid. No. 26.] 


Thos. Butler to Williamson. I trouble you this time on my own 
account. The Bishop of Chichester resigning not long since, I hear 
of several designed as his successor, but think the Dean of Winton 
is as likely as any. The Dean, besides Stepney, holds the living of 
North Crawley in Buckinghamshire, worth 160/. or 2002. a year. 
I earnestly beg any living vacated by Bishop King’s successor. 
The death of the Bishop of Worcester, and the removal of Dr. Clerk 
from Winton, give his Majesty the patronage of many livings, and 
if you will advise me, I will be at Whitehall with my petition for 
one of them; but the living of North Crawley is the object of my 
present application. [14 pages. Ibid. No. 27.] 


Council to the Earl of Winchelsea, Lord Lieutenant of Kent. His 
Majesty has received frequent informations of the fraudulent prac- 
tices of persons in and about Canterbury and other parts of Kent, in 
sending large quantities of wool on board French shallops and other 
vessels, for transportation into France, to the prejudice of the trade 
and manufactures of this kingdom; and notwithstanding the laws 
made to inhibit the same, yet the persons have so many devices to 
evade seizure, and have become so bold and confident, as openly and 
frequently to transport great quantities, and to resist the officers 
authorised to seize. His Majesty has thereupon directed the Lord 
High Admiral of England to send 2 double shallops to ply upon the 
coast, and to search all suspected vessels, and when any wool is 
found, to seize the same, and also the transporters. His Majesty 
likewise ordered the Duke of Albemarle to send a troop of horse 
guards to be quartered in and about Canterbury, with directions to 
obey the orders of your lordship, or the deputy-lieutenants, to 
prevent the transportation of wool. You are therefore to use your 
utmost endeavours to inform yourself of the persons who practise 
such unlawful transportation, and give order to search for and seize 
all wool found combed, and designed for transportation, apprehend 
the owners, and do all other needful acts to put a stop to its export, 
rendering from time to time an account to the Council Board of 
your proceedings therein. [Zbid. No. 28.] 


Copy of the above. [11 pages. Ibid. No. 29.] 


Sir J. Trevor to the Treasury Commissioners. The King wishes 
you to report on the most ready mode of conveying his interest in 
Walsingham House, near Wallingford House, Pickering House, and 
part of the Tilt Yard adjoining, now used by the Duke of Bucking- 
ham, to the said Duke. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 180.) 


1669. 
Oct. 28. 


[Oct. 28.] 


Oct. 29. 


Oct. 29. 
Whitehall. 


Oct. 29. 
Whitehall. 


[Oct..29.] 


Oct. 29. 


Oct. 29. 


CHARLES II. 557 


Licence to Mr. Leigh to go to Ireland, and remain there, without 
being summoned to serve on juries, or bear any public office, 
unless he voluntarily submits thereto. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, 
J. 174.) 


Request to Williamson to expedite the pass for Sir Thos. Verbee, 
merchant, for 20 horses. [French. SP. Dom. Car. II. 267, 
No. 30.] 


Pass for 22 horses for M. Verbec. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, 
f. 174.) 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of 
Sir Joseph Jordan, for the first land-waiter’s place that falls void, 
for his son Joseph. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 75.] 


Petition of [Benj. Mildmay] to the King, for a fresh reference of 
his case to the House of Peers, that granted 21 Nov. 1667 having 
failed, because the House adjourned before his cause was settled. 
With reference as requested.’ [Draft. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 267, 
Nos. 31, 32.] 


Petition of Simon Middleton and John Blackwell, executors of 
the late Thos. Smithesby, and of James Smithesby, Thomas and 
Rebecca Hartley, and Mary Smitkesby, his children, to the House 
of Lords, appealing against a decree in Chancery—on their suit for 
recovery of a debt of 10,000/. with interest, lent by Thos. Smithesby 
to Sir Paul Pindar, and other Farmers of Customs, in 1644-—which 
decree decided that all the money paid since as interest thereon 
should be computed as principal, and interest counted only at 4 per 
cent. since the Restoration, on pretence of the money being in part 
of a contract for customs, although 19,000/. was allowed for pay- 
ment of those debts; beg a reversal of the said decree, and an order 
to the executors of the parties to answer to the premises. [Jbid. 
No. 33. See Lords’ Journals XII., p. 258.] 


Lord Frescheville to Williamson. Pray present the enclosed to 
Lord Arlington ; it only contains a few words beseeching his lord- 
ship to excuse my absence from the House of Peers. I tendered 
my proxy in a former letter, but have not received his commands, 
nor heard anything concerning my old importunity, which I am 
almost out of countenance to repeat. [Jbid. No. 34.] 


Thos. Covell to Williamson. I received 50/. from Mr. Povey’s 
agent, and paid it to the Mayor of Thetford, in part of his bill. I 
also paid him, and Mr. Martin’s assignee, the 102. you gave for the 
poor, which was gratefully received. I was with the Mayor, at 
Thetford on Tuesday, and intended settling his bill, so that you 
might know the total of your charges; but the Mayor pretended 
that, as bills were outstanding, he could not settle the reckoning 
without wrong to himself or you. I hope to settle it soon, and 
present you the bills. Endorsed by Williamson, “Thetford Elec- 
tion.” [ibid. No. 35.] 


Oct. 29. 
Bristol. 


Oct. 29. 
Deal. 


Oct. 29. 
Treasury 
Chambers, 
Whitehall. 


Oct. 29. 


Treasury 
Chambers. 


Oct. 30. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 30. 
Woolwich. 


Oct. 30. 


Oct. 30. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Edw. Bodham to Williamson. A Flemish-built ship belonging to 
East Friesland, and laden with masts, deals, and other Norway 
goods, was put ashore at Wells on Saturday last, and has not a mast 
standing, or a man on board. I request this news to be inserted in 
the Gazette. These parts have been very sickly for the last two 
months, with agues, distempers, and fevers. [S.P. Dom., Car. IJ. 
267, No. 36.] 


Ja. Baskerville to Williamson. A great part of the winter fleet 
has put to sea. There are some ships bound for the Straits, but 
on account of the rumours of a war with Algiers, the merchants 
cannot get seamen to sail them. I have no report of the hurricane 
at Barbadoes, but much reason to believe it, as vessels expected 
3 weeks since have not yet arrived, and wrecks have been discovered 
in the Channel. [Jbid. No. 37.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. A ship is in the Downs bound for 
Virginia. Letters from Holland state that the late high winds have 


cast away several ships at the Texel, and done other mischief. 
[Zbid. No. 38.] 


Sir George Downing to the Navy Commissioners. Mr. Pepys 
having failed to be with the Treasury Commissioners about 
Sir Denis Gauden’s Toulon and Lent accounts, they desire your 
attendance on Wednesday about that business. [JZbid. No. 39.] 


Same to the Same. I am commanded by the Treasury Commis- 
sioners to desire you to bring your weekly certificates every 
Monday, when you come here to wait upon the King. [Jbid. 
No. 40.] 


Commissioner J. Tippetts to the Navy Commissioners. I will 
buy provisions wanting, and to be had in these parts, at the cheapest 
rates I can. I bought Mr. Newland’s deals, but could not agree for 


the masts; the blocks will be an extraordinary pennyworth, or I 


would not deal for them. The calking is pretty well over; what 
remains may be done by the old company, and winter being at 
hand, it will be good husbandry to discharge what men may be 
spared ; so that if you will order the money left with Mr. Ridge, to 
pay all the pressed men, I may see it done by Thursday, when I 
hope we shall close the survey. [Jbzd. No. 41.] 


Edw. Byland to the Navy Commissioners. Estimate of the con- 
version of fir timber contracted for with Mr. Wood; pray hasten the 
purveyor to send down provisions wanting, of which I have given 
him an account. [Zbid. No. 42.] 


John Moorhouse to the Navy Commissioners. I send an account 
of what coppices are fit to be felled in Whittlewood Forest, after 
which you will find much young oak and underwood. I want 
money to go on with the work. [Jbid. No. 43.] 


Warrant for a grant to Major John Haslewood of the estate, both 
real and personal, of Sir Arthur Hesilrigg, Bart., which came or 
ought to have come to the Crown, by virtue of the Act declaring 
the forfeitures of notorious offenders excepted out of the Act oF 


1669. 


Oct. 30. 
Whitehall. 


Oct. 30. 


Nov. 9. 
Rome. 


Oct. 30. 
Holland. 


Oct. 30. 
Dublin Castle. 


CHARLES II. 559 


Oblivion. With schedule of the personal estate. [See p. 553 
supra. K.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 174.) 


Docquet of the above, dated November. [Docquet, Vol. 24, 
No. 113.] 


Report of the Committee for trade, on the dispute between the 
Bristol merchants and the Merchant Adventurers, Hamburg 
Company and Turkey Company. The former company offers to 
admit the Bristol merchants on their taking the freedom of the 
company, and on payment of 20 marks each; the latter on 
payment of 25/. a man. The Bristol merchants will observe the 
rules, and contribute to the charges of the Turkey Company, in 
trading at Constantinople, Smyrna, and Aleppo; but both companies 
urge that if the Bristol merchants have a distinct charter to trade in 
their regions, it will be destructive to their trade, which will be a 
loss to the whole nation. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 267, No. 44.] 


Earl of Castlemaine to Lord [Arlington]. Iam ashamed my little 
intended present has not come to hand, but I doubt not it will come 
safe, as the captain of the ship is a very honest and careful man; 
this made me choose him, though when he left Leghorn, he was 
to call at Naples, and load oil at Gallipoli for England. The per- 
fumes I sent you are the best, and most useful of Italy, being all 
sorts of Florence essences, pomatum and oils of Genoa for the hair, 
Roman powder and perfumed paste, and 2 dozen pairs of the best 
Roman gloves, being 12 pair for your lady, and as many for your- 
self. Pardon the meanness of the present, since it comes from one 
that bears you all the respect imaginable. I shall begin my voyage 
to Spain in 3 weeks, and I expect about midsummer to reach Paris. 
[2 pages. Ibid. No. 45.] 


Mary Carleton to Lord [Arlington]. I was left in debt by an ill 
husband, and not being able to overcome it, I resolved to go with 
the little I had left for Holland, and employ it and myself as I saw 
fit. I took my way for Harwich, but an adversary informed 
Jacom Layfitt, the King’s chief searcher, who would not let me go 
on board the packet unless I gave him 5l, which not having, 
I gave him two of my best rings, till I redeemed them with 
so much money, which I have witnesses to prove. Particulars of 
going aboard. Layfitt, in conversation with Sam. Newton over 
some wine, said that Arlington must be removed, or the King 
would not be safe. Judge if such rebels are good either for King 
or subject, or fit to be employed in his Majesty’s service; I hope 
you will not let this varlet go unpunished, which will oblige the 
oppressed at Harwich. If such serpents are hugged, you will be 
stung to death. With Latin postscript, urging on bended knees 
the granting of her requests. [4 pages. Ibid. No. 46.] 


Henry Ford to Williamson. I received your letter, with an en- 
closure from Council, which I presented to his Excellency. We are 
full of expectation to hear of the meeting and proceedings of 
Parliament. His Excellency and family are in good health, and if 
much exercise and very great industry will contribute to it, I hope 
he will continue so. [Zbid. No. 47.] 


5 


60 


1669. 


Oct. 30. 
Deal. 


Oct. 30. 


Portsmouth. 


Oct. 30. 
Lyme. 


Oct. 30. 


London. 


Oct. 31. 
Deal. 


Oct. 31. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Thos. Potts, commander of the George 
pink, has arrived from Jamaica. He was at Hispaniola 9 weeks 
ago, and says that the place stands as formerly, and that there was 
no appearance of the French. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 267, No. 48.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Queen’s ship was launched 
last Thursday, and is to be brought to London to be carved and 
painted. Sir Philip Honeywood continues very bad. The Mayor 
of Portsmouth died on Friday night, and another has been chosen. 
[Lbid. No. 49.] 

Ant. Thorold to Hickes. Col. Stowell died at his house at Ham 
in Somersetshire last Monday, and Gol. Amias Poulett at Lord 
Poulett’s, at Hinton [St. George], on Thursday. [Jbid. No. 50.] 


Henry Rumbold to Lord Arlington. Mr. Leigh told me that a 
certificate was required from the merchants, before the Consulship 
of Sevile and St. Lucar could be effected. I desired him to peruse 
the one you have in the office; it was under the hands of all the 
able Spanish merchants, dated when Malaga and St. Lucar were 
granted to me, and no complaint has since been made against me ; 
yet if needful, delivering me that, I could get it renewed ; but Leigh 
said Mr. Williamson would not part with it, being your security. 
I know of nothing to justify the taking away of Malaga from me, 
and hope I am not prejudiced by the certificate not being renewed. 
Sevile and St. Lucar being one port, it will be more satisfactory to 
the merchants, who will think the disposing of Malaga an act of 
mine, as being unable to assist in both places; so I shall remain 
better in my reputation, and Colston more quiet in possession of 
Malaga. [Jbid. No. 51.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Some vessels arrived from -Bor- 
deaux report that most of the Dutch ships which went there to load 
have gone home empty, fearing an embargo, as the French King 
is expected to break with the Dutch; that the Bishop of Munster 
is beating drums in France and his own country, to enlist soldiers, 
and that it is thought he wil! join with the French. The wind is 
S.S.W., with very violent storms. [Ibid. No. 52.] 


Notes [by Williamson] of the proceedings at the Foreign Com- 
mittee. To write to Monsieur Balthasar, taking notice in the King’s 
name of his good affection to serve his Majesty, by his best offices 
with the Cantons, and to encourage him to continue them. As to 
his complaints that his letters on the matter of Rouen, Marseilles, &e., 
are not answered, Prince Rupert said that by the omission of Sir 
S. Moreland, to whom they were addressed, they have not been 
received, 

Upon a paper brought in by the Lord Keeper, received by him 
from the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland—being an account from the 
Lord Primate of the present state of the Church of Ireland, in rela- 
tion as well to Papists as Schismatics—it was agreed to write to the 
Lord Lieutenant, for his opinion and advice what the Kino should 
do in it: The King thinks fit there should be a difference 
made, as he understands there ever was, by the Governors of that 
kingdom, between those Papists that own his Majesty’s authority 


1669. 


Oct. 31. 
Whitehall. 


Oct. 31. 


Oct. 


Oct. 31 ? 


Oct. 31. 


Oct. 


Oct. 


79380. 


CHARLES II. 561 


in temporals, and those that refuse ; i.e., the subscribers and non- 
subscribers of the late remonstrance, called P. Welsh’s Remon- 
strance. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 267, No. 58.] 


Warrant for a grant of 200]. a year each, from the part of the 
Queen’s portion still unpaid, to Col. John Rumsey and Major Edw. 
Trelawney, till some military employment is provided for them, 
[Lbid. No. 54. See p. 542, swpra.] 


Docquet of the above, dated Nov. 3. [Docquet, Vol. 24, 
No. 109.] 


Minute of the above, dated Nov. 3. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 80, 
F 1TA] 


The King to the Duke of York. We wish you to inform Sieur 
Guldenlew, Ambassador of the King of Denmark, that no new 
regulation can be made, as requested by him, in reference to the 
exchange of salutes and civilities at sea, the constant practice in 
that matter never having been questioned. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 31, f. 37.] 


Order granting the petition of Sir John Bennet, that for building 
the bridge at Fulham, the King would grant him rough timber, and 
allow him a toll of 40 years for foot and horse: passengers, the said 
bridge being a great convenience to the inhabitants on each side, 
and to his Majesty. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 73.] 


Petition of George Halfheid, late postmaster of Canterbury, to 
Lord Arlington, for return of 3/. 5s. 10d., paid for fees on his im- 
prisonment when put out of employment, having been wrongfully 
imprisoned. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 267, No. 55.] Annexing, 


Receipt by Thos. Roberts from George Halfheid, of 52s, for 
lodging and fees for 18 days’ mprisonment.—18 Oct, 1669. 
[Zbid. No. 551.] 


Note of law fees in the case of Lord Arlington against 
Halfheid: total 13s. 10d. [Lbid. No. 5511.) 


Statement by A. Ellis, of the cause why Mr. Halfheid was ejected 
from the office at Canterbury, and arrested; viz., that he went into 
France 2 months without leave, and did not pay in his office moneys 
as he should have done; but as he offered 53l. 18s. 7d. in lieu of 
99]. 12s. 5d. due, it was accepted rather than he should spend the 
money in prison, and he was released. [Jbid. No. 56.] 


Grant to Lord St. John of Basing of the office of woodward and 
keeper of the woods in the forests of Chute, Aliceholt, and New 
Forest, also in the manors of Odiham, Rumsey, Hook, and Worthy 
Mortimer, co. Hants; fee 5/. a year. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 98.] 


Corroboration of presentation of Ralph Davenant to the rectory 
of Whitechapel, co. Middlesex. [Jbzd. No, 100.] 
NWN 


Oct. 


Oct. 


Oct. 2 


[Oct.] 


Oct. 


Oct. 


Oct. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Discharge to Anne, relict of Sir Rich. Fanshaw, in consideration 
of a payment of 2,0001., of all plate delivered out of the Jewel House 
to her husband, for the service of his chapel and household, during 
his embassy to Portugal and Spain. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 100. 
See p. 310, supra.) 


Confirmation to Frances Jacobson, widow, of a lease lately made 
by the Queen Consort and her trustees, of certain lands in the forest 
of Braydon, co. Wilts, for 33 years, from Lady Day 1696 (sic), rent 
631. 12s. 4d. [Lbid. No. 102.] 


Grant to Chas. Gifford of 2,800l, to be recovered by him, due to 
the King from John Kilby, late collector of hearth money, co. Bucks. 
[Zbid. No. 103.] 


Note that a letter is to be sent to the Governors of the Charter- 
house, to grant the registrar’s place to Bevill Skelton and Thos. 
Duppa, Wm. Massey, the former registrar, having killed a woman 
with a quart pot. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 267, No. 57.] 


Account of disbursements, &c., of Rich. Browne, agent to the Com- 
missioners for Prizes in the port and districts of Aldborough in 
1667, total 26l. 7s. 4d., beside any allowance of salary that may be 
made to himself from 29 Oct. 1666 to 16 Oct. 1669. [Zbid. 
No. 58.] 


Account [by Rich. Thompson] of Dr. Clayton and others’ mis- 
behaviours against the King, Lord Arlington, the statute law of the 
land, the customs of the house they are of, and their own promises 
and professions; stating their proceedings in electing 3 Fellows of 
University College, Oxford, in contempt of Lord Arlington’s letter 
and the King’s mandate [see pp. 524-526, 530, supra] for the elec- 
tion of Rich. Thompson ; tending to prove that the mandate, so far 
from forwarding his election, prevented some who would otherwise 
have favoured him, and animadverting on the persons chosen. 
[Ibid. No. 58a.] 


Note of Walter Carey and 2 others, proposed as sheriffs for 
Bedfordshire, and request by Carey that he may be spared. 
Having sold 500/. worth of land in the county, to pay his debts, 
he has only 2001. a year left, serves already as J.P., and in the late 
rebellion, was captain of a troop of horse, raised at his own charge. 
[Zbid. Nos. 59, 60.] 


John Lanyon to the Navy Commissioners. I might well hope 
you would have allowed me the money his Royal Highness deter- 
mined on my petition ; but as that cannot be, I am content to submit 
to your pleasure, if you will continue your furtherance of my peti- 
tion, As the matter is just and reasonable, and the affair so near a 
period, I pray that I may be quit of further clamours of tradesmen, 
by being allowed sums mentioned for omissions, and for payments 
to the boatswain of the hulk for her repair, and that the amount, 
3851. 16s. 3d., may be paid to John Hill, merchant of London, who 
will wait upon you for it. [Zbid. No. 61.] 


1669. 


Oct. 
Deal. 


Nov. 1. 
Lyme. 


Nov. 1. 


Pendennis. 


Nov. 1. 


Minehead. 


Nov. 1. 


Falmouth. 


1669 ? 
Nov. 1. 


CHARLES II. 563 


Lists sent by Morgan Lodge to Williamson, of King’s and 
merchant ships in the Downs, and the state of the wind. 


Vol. 267. Date. King’s. | Merchants’. Wind. REMARKS, 
No. 
62 Oct. 1 1 6 S.S.W. 
63 ee 1 6 E. by E. 
64 ay E 1 6 S.W. 
65 et ti! 1 7 S.W. 
66 EE 1 6 W.S.W. 
67 ye re 1 8 W. 
68 EO 2 21 N.W. 
69 ny, alll 1 20 W.N.W. 
70 <p ly 1 20 W.N.W. 
71 Pe 18 1 14? W.S.W. 
72 lo 1 22 W. 
73 SLO 1 29 — 
74 5 2D l = S. 
75 yen 1 1 E. 
76 » 22 1 —- S. 
77 a Hel 1 — E. 
78 m 2 1 — S.E. 
79 oO 1 4 N.W. Stormy weather. 
80 PRSI 2 13 S.W. 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes: Arrival of ships named, with wine and 
salt. The great ship of 100 guns building at Brest is ready to be 
launched. Many of the French soldiers and sailors have returned 
home. A vessel of Tynemouth foundered at sea, about 2 or 3 leagues 
from Lyme Harbour, and two of her men were drowned. I thank 
you for the [news] letters, and as Parliament is sitting, I hope they 
will be continued. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 267, No. 81.] 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. Arrival and departure of ships to 
and from France, Bilbao, Algiers, &e. [Zbid. No. 82.] 


John Maurice to Williamson. Three vessels named have been 
cast away by the violence of the storm, 5 men drowned, and very 
little of the goods, consisting chiefly of wool, saved; we hear of 
several other wrecks off the coast of Ireland. [Jbid. No. 83.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. The Prince William, a Dutch man-of- 
war, arrived with 3 merchantmen under convoy, bound for Bilbao. 
The fleet of merchantmen bound for France put to sea, but were 
forced back, and are now in harbour. The St. George of Dieppe, 
laden with salt for Ireland, which left us 14 days since, has been 
cast away on the coast of Ireland, but her men were saved, and 
some of them have returned to Falmouth for a passage home. 


[Ibid. No, 84.] 


T. Fis :’to Private affairs. Dr. Needham was removed 
from Windsor a month ago. I have waited on Squire Hepton, who 
is still at Garland’s. Send me an almanac. Your friends at Park 
desire remembrances. Endorsed, “ Copy of a letter intercepted by 
my Lord Mordaunt.” [8 pages. Ibid. No. 85.] 


NN 2 


564 


1669. 


Nov. 1. 
Whitehall. 


[Nov. 2.] 


Nov. 2. 
Plymouth. 


Nov. 2. 


Staveley. 


Nov. 2. 


Coventry. 


Nov. 2. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 2, 


Nov. 2. 
Whitehall, 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Licence to John Ogilby for 15 years, to have the sole printing of a 
description of the world, in 5 volumes, embassies to China and Japan, 
and the history of the Tartaries, all adorned with sculptures, in addi- 
tion to his 2 previous warrants for the sole publication of other 
works. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 131.] 

Petition of Rich. Freeman, officer in Wallingford garrison, to 
Lord Arlington, to help him into the Charterhouse, peaceably to end 
his days, being unable to help himself to a subsistence. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 267, No. 86.] 

John Clarke to Hickes. Thanks for letters and good wishes. I 
have indeed had a smart fit of illness; but it pleased God, in the 
midst of judgment, to remember mercy, for which I bless his holy 
name. I will write to Mr. Ellis and Williamson by the next post. 
[Zbid. No. 87.] 

Lord Frescheville to Williamson. I have received the report 
about the advowson; it directs the passing of a new lease; I hope 
it may be for 31 years, the usual term of the King’s leases, the rent 
being improved more than by any former tenant. [Damaged. 
Ibid. No. 88.] 

Ralph Hope to Williamson. To-day the new Mayor and officers 
were sworn according to custom, viz.: Thos. Lindzey, tallow- 
chandler, Mayor ; Hugh Capell and Fras. Cater, mercers, Sheriffs ; 
and Wm. Snell, mercer, and Rob. Whittell, dyer, Chamberlains. 
The latter, being an Anabaptist, would not take the oath, and paid 
the fine, when John Winterton, butcher, was chosen in his stead, and 
Jos. Nicholls and Rob. Chandler, Wardens. The two sheriffs were 
very refractory at first, refusing either to swear or pay the fine; 
they offered to take the oath of sheriff, but not of abjuration, 
designing by that trick to evade both office and fine. They were, 
however, frightened out of their plea, by apprehensions of some 
severity from above, which the city were resolved, if possible, to 
procure, rather than be baffled. After all were sworn, they had 
the annual feast, but it was very inferior, the new Mayor not being 
so bountiful as many, though few believe him so wise as wealthy. 

We need not fear the suppression of conventicles, which never so 
abounded, since the principal governors have been favourers of 
them. The Mayor's religion and parts may go together, he being 
judged not over burdened with either; but every man here must 
have his turn, and every dog has his day. [Jbid. No. 89.] 

Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Sir P. Honeywood is now 
convalescent. [Jbid. No. 90.] 

Earl of Northampton to Lord Arlington, Being detained in the 
country, I desire you to present the petition enclosed to his 
Majesty, and procure a reference of it to yourself, the Earl of Oxford, 
and Lord Ashley. The bearer will furnish particulars. Endorsed, 
“My Lord of Northampton, about his petition.” [Ibid. No. 91.] 

Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of Sir 
Thos. Orby, for a longer term than 21 years in Crowland Manor, let 
to aT by the late Queen [Mother]. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 83, 
p. 76. | 


1669. 
Nov. 3. 


Falmouth. 


Nov. 3. 
Bristol, 


Nov. 3. 


Westminster. 


Nov. 3. 


Nov. 3. 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 3. 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 3. 


Nov. 3. 
Chatham. 


" CHARLES II. 565 


j Thos. Holden to Williamson. Repetition of his letter of the 1st 

instant to Hickes, adding that from Bilbao itis reported that there 

Me be a war between them and France. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 267, 
0. 92.] 


Jo. Fitzherbert to Williamson. Arrival of ships with linen cloth, 
wine, oranges, and lemons. The merchants are in some disorder, 
on account of a reported hurricane at the Barbadoes, but a vessel 
from there mentions nothing of it. The Sea Flower of Bristol is 
daily expected with a full account. [Zbid. No. 93.] 


Appointment by Henry, Bishop of St. Asaph, of John Ellis, M.A., 
to the prebend in the cathedral void by death of Archibald 
Sparke, 8.T.B., of Llanyfydd. [Latin. Ibid. No. 94.] 


List of those who have been sheriffs in each county of England 
for 3 years past, ending 3 Nov. 1668, and of those nominated 
by Council to be pricked for sheriffs for 1668; with additions by 
another hand [probably of persons from whom the sheriffs of 1669 
are to be selected]. [Latin. Ibid. No. 95.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of 
John, Earl of Bridgewater, for the high stewardship of the manor 
of Tring, co. Herts, in the King’s disposal by death of the Queen 
Mother. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33,-p. 75.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of Sir 
George Fletcher, for a grant of the King’s title to the fines due to 
his Majesty, for every head of Scotch cattle imported into Eng- 
land, contrary to the Act 15 Charles II. [Jbid. p. 76.] 


Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. Let all possible 
care be taken to prevent the necessity of saving flesh in the 
summer, as was done last year, to the detriment of the service, 
for want of timely notice, which should be given 13 Oct. each year. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. LI. 267, No. 96.] 


Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. We have 
been hindered firing more chests of powder on the wrecks by the 
weather, but shall send down 2 to-morrow, and hope they will not 
prove less effectual than the former. The Minion is a vessel none 
will adventure on, and I must let her lie until some other things 
are to be sold. The Surveyor and I have treated with the former 
twine-maker, who wants 64d. a pound for making, the King find- 
ing hemp; we suppose it might be had cheaper, only not so good 
as that made here. 

Mr. Brunsden commends Sir Roger Twisden’s timber for the new 
ship, and Sir Roger will meet me and the Surveyor on Saturday, at 
Town Malling. Brunsden is viewing another parcel of timber at 
Newhead, but the gentleman will not part with it unless the whole 


be bought—482 loads at 3l. 7s. a load ; I suppose if we agree with 


Sir Roger, his will come much under that’ price. The St. George 


566 


1669. 


Nov. 3. 
Chatham. 


Nov. 3. 
The Roebuck, 
Downs. 


Nov. 4. 


Nov. 4. 
Woolwich 
Ropeyard. 


Nov. 4, 


Nov. 4. 


Holyrood 
House. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


and Unicorn should be had into dock, being very leaky. I shall 
find some knees here, but we shall not have enough. [2 pages. 
S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 267, No. 97.] 


Surveyor Thos. Middleton to the Navy Commissioners. I will 
meet Sir Roger Twisden on Saturday about his timber, which if 
Mason had bought and sold to us, we could not have had it under 
4l. a load. You will do well to treat with some block-makers, or I 
will do so here, for blocks for the new ship; there is as great an 
evil in that trade asin any that belongs to navigation, and the King 
is not more cheated in any one trade than in that. There is no 
need to have a block-maker and pump-maker, both being but one 
trade, and one man can well perform them; but this extravagance 
is like many more which I hope to lay before you. The face of 
things is much changed since Commissioner Cox came to Chatham, 
and more will be daily done, to the King’s great advantage. Pray 
speak to Capt. Shales to remove a parcel of old compasses, and the 
cases purchased by him at the last sale. [3} pages.. Ibid. No. 98.] 


Capt. Geo. Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. We had very 
bad weather at sea, which has damaged my bread; the davit 
was washed off the forecastle, and other damage done, two canboys 
staved, &c. If Mr. Coomer can fit me with a piece of mast, I will 
make it serve for the present. We have 7 weeks’ provisions aboard. 


[Ibid. No. 99.] 


Thos. Lewis to [Pepys]. I have drawn up Mr. Bunch’s account 
for victualling the Sapphire between May 1666 and Nov. 1668, 
and find he is in debt 300., which probably is the reason he 
looks not after the passing of the account. The ship is going to 
sea again ; you may acquaint the Board with it.’ [Zbid. No. 100.] 


Wm. Bodham to the Navy Commissioners. I will prepare one cwt. 
of twine to send to Chatham. Shall any more be provided? None 
has been before demanded, since my coming here in July 1664. 
[[bid. No. 101.] 


Exceptions made by the plaintiff, in the cause of Jerome Smith, 
lunatic, v. Ambrose Benet, to the report of Sir John Coell, Master 
in Chancery, assigning to the defendant 667l, 12s. 11d. for costs of 
the suit before his accounts are passed; also to the absence of 
sufficient vouchers for the 214, 18s, 10d., allowed to the plaintiff on 
his accounts. [Jbid. No. 102.] 


Sir Alex. Frazer to Lord Arlington. Parliament is busy in 
settling grievances. We are impatient to know how your Parlia- 
ment likes the Union; a disaffected party is glad it is so little 
considered as yet. The Lord Commissioner waits with patience, 
but our people are not so wise or patient; business with us is best 
done when least deliberated. The longer your Parliament suspends 
their answer to the Union Treaty, the more scruples will be created 
in the minds of many of us. Yet it is not reasonable that your 
Parliament should be pressed to an answer that would spoil all 
that so many wise persons have been doing in order to this treaty. 


1669. 


Nov. 4. 


London. 


Nov. 4. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 


Nov. 


4, 


Plymouth. 


Nov. 


5. 


Barnstaple. 


Nov. 


[ Nov. 


Nov. 


[Nov. 


5] 


5.] 


CHARLES II. 567 


Only when you write to my Lord Commissioner, you may give him 
reasons for their not considering his Majesty’s speech. Pardon my 
writing so freely. [14 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 267, No..103.] 


Rob. Bransby to Viscount Conway, St. George’s Lane, Dublin. 
I expected you in London this session of Parliament, but hearing 
from your servants that your coming is uncertain, I request pay- 
ment of 29/., balance of a bill, and also of 18/. for a couch chair 
and drugget, the bill for which was delivered to Mr. Garrat, who 
promised payment, but has since died. I have been in the country 
2 months, and since my return, I am daily visited by creditors, 
which makes me discontented. I gave you an account for 54/., 
due when I received the last payment, and was promised a settle- 
ment at Michaelmas, which I have never had. I beg the delivery 
of divers goods in the house in Queen Street, which are being used 
by some of Lord Orrery’s family, and also of some green serge 
chairs lent, which are in your study. ([Ibid. No. 104.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. No news; all things are quiet. 
Sir Phil. Honeywood is recovering. [Ibid. No. 105.] 


The King to the Master and Fellows of Queens’ College, Cam- 
bridge. We hear of the present sufficiency and future hopes of 
Nath. Shute, B.A., of Christ’s College, son of one of our chaplains 
in ordinary, and also of your favourable intentions towards him. 
We are ‘graciously pleased to concur in your desires, and require 
you to admit him to your next vacant fellowship, any statute 
to the contrary notwithstanding. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 27, 
f- 152.] 

John Clarke to Hickes. Thanks for all kindness; I am much 
better, and hope toimprove. Two vessels of Plymouth have arrived 
from France with wine and prunes, and 3 French vessels with the 
like lading, one of which is bound for Falmouth, the others seeking 
a market. Remember me to Ellis and Williamson. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 267, No. 106.] 


Wm. Wakeman to Williamson. The Pelican of Ilfracombe has 
arrived from Bordeaux, laden with wine and prunes, and 2 ships 
with wool from Ireland. A vessel belonging to Youghall and 
Minehead, laden with wool, &c., from Ireland, has been cast away 
near Wellacombe Sands, and 8 of her men drowned. [Jbid. No. 107.] 


Commission for Chr. Musgrave to be captain of Sir Fras. Mack- 
worth’s regiment (sic). Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 20, p. 202.] 


D. de la Fabvolliére to Lord Arlington, I request you to order 
that all my designs, civil and military, books and letters, which 
have been taken into your lordship’s office, may be examined and 
restored, there being nothing there but my own. I entreat the 
sum due to me, that I may pay what I owe, [French. K.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 267, No. 107A, ] 


Pass beyond seas for Sieur de la Fabvolliere, who has’ served 
the King several years as engineer, and is now dismissed. [S.P, 
Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 175.] 


Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car, II, 267, No. 108.] 


568 


1669. 
Noy. [5 2] 


Nov. 5. 


[Nov. 5.] 


Nov. 5. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 5. 
Chatham, 


Nov. 6. 
Plymouth. 


Nov. 6, 
Woolwich. 


Nov. 6. 


Portsmouth, 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Licence for Rob. Barber, Sheriff of Dorsetshire, to live out of his 
county. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 38.] 


The King to the Governors of Sutton’s Hospital. We recommend 
Martin Clifford, in very especial manner, as master of the said 
hospital, in reversion after Sir Ralph Sydenham, [Zbid. f. 37.] 


Draft of the above, naming Clifford as secretary to George, Duke 
of Buckingham, Master of the Horse. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 267, 
No. 109.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of 
Sir Thos. Greaves, Bart., for payment of 1,3007., part of 3,0007. 
due upon an old privy seal. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 77.] 


Surveyor Thos. Middleton to the Navy Commissioners. I will wait 
upon Sir Roger Twisden with Commissioner Cox to-morrow, and 
doubt not but we shall agree with him about his timber; we intend 
to go with him to his house, and stay with him on Sunday, as I am 
resolved to see the trees. Ihave little judgment in timber-growing, 
but this being a business of concernment, I am not willing to leave 
a stone unturned ; if we agree he will expect 600/. in hand. Mason 
has 400 loads of excellent timber at Maidstone, and I have pre- 
vailed with him to let you have 100 loads for the new ship at 
31. 6s. a load, or you may have the parcel at 55s. or 56s. a load, 
which will be a good pennyworth, and with Sir Roger Twisden’s, 
will furnish the yard here for this year’s expense. 

The instances of amendment of the King’s affairs are many; as 
much work is done for 8d. as was formerly done for 1s., and if any- 
thing be amiss, here is one to set it to rights; whereas before no 
man had power to find fault, and every man did as he liked. I 
wish there was such a man as Commissioner Cox in all the yards. 
We shall consult together and put in writing, before I come to 
London, such things as we judge for the King’s advantage, and 
leave them to your consideration. I have ordered the masters of 


. attendance to give me a demand of what will be needful for the 


new ship. Pray remind the persons concerned to remove the things 
purchased by them, as we want the room; it is a great damage to 
the King, in removing goods to a distance, when if we had them at 
hand, we should require less time and fewer workmen. [84 pages. 
S.P. Dom., Car. LI. 267, No. 110.] 


John Lanyon to the Navy Commissioners. I received the bills 
for the omissions and for repair of the hulk, and return the trades- 
men’s hands. Thanks for your allowing the said omissions, and 
ae to recommend my petition to his Royal Highness. [Jbid. 

Oe tank 


Edw. Byland to Thos. Hayter, Pray send the brazier to mend 
the ranges of the Henrietta yacht, there having been a fire, and 
the vessel endangered for want of it; also for Mr. Hardwin to 
mend the glass. [Jbid. No, 112,] 


Thos. Hancock to the Navy Commissioners, You will be in- 
formed of my depositions before Ayliff Jones, solicitor deceased, 
against Thos, Hunt of our town ; for further prosecution thereof, I and 


CHARLES II. 569 


1669. 
the other 2 persons who gave evidence are ready to do his Majesty 
service in further attesting the same, and only wait your pleasure 
for doing it. I desire nothing more than to prove myself a liege 
man to the King, and hope I shall be so looked upon, notwithstand- 
ing the threatenings and affronts I do and shall meet with. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. II. 267, No. 113.] 
[Nov. 6.] Case of the navigation of the River Wey, co. Surrey, showing 
that the Corporation of Guildford obtained an Act to make it navi- 
gable in 1651; that Sir Rich, Weston undertook the navigation, and 
then sold his interest to Mr. Pitson, who finished it in 1653; but 
much dispute arising among the land-owners, it was determined to 
have recourse to Parliament; giving the heads of the Bill tendered 
to the House. [Printed, with MS. additions. Ibid. No. 114.] 
[Nov. 6.] Answer to the above case, controverting some of the allegations, 
showing that Sir Rich. Weston was the first propounder of the 
navigation, but being a royalist, transferred it to Pitson in 1651, to 
pass an Act for it; tracing the progress of the disputes since, and 
proposing that Parliament should give power to some gentlemen 
residing near, to give satisfaction to those that have adventured 
money. With note that Mr. Sandys and Mr. Pitson have had 
one Bill thrown out in the Lords and one in the Commons, and 
Mr. Radcliffe one thrown out in both Houses. [JZbzd. No. 115.] 


[Nov. 6.] Statement of the case relating to the navigation of the river Wey, 
from Guildford to the Thames, made navigable by James Pitson ; 
his interest therein, after the Restoration, was transferred to John 
Ratcliffe, who repaired the river, locks, &., and in Jan. 1665, sold 
his interest to Thos. Cressey. They were impleaded about the 
possession in the Exchequer, but many delays ensued, during which 
Ratcliffe died, leaving four small children, without other provision 
that what he had expended upon the river. With MS. note that a 
speedy end is requested, the Lord Chief Baron having had the cause 
before him 3 years. [Printed. Ibid. No. 116.] 


[Nov. 6.] Heads of a Bill for settling the river Wey in Surrey, and com- 
posing the difference between the contractors and the landowners, 
touching its navigation. [Printed. Ibid. No.117. See Commons’ 
Journals, Vol. IX., p. 103.] 

Nov. 6. Affidavit of Mich. Bebington, of the Inner Temple, in the cause 
of Jerome Smith v. Ambrose Benet, that he gave the plaintiff notice 
of the order of the Court of Chancery, that he should show cause 
within 8 days why Sir John Coell’s report should not be confirmed. 
[Zbid. No. 118.] 

Nov. 6. Sir Jonathan Atkins to Williamson. The French afford very 

Castle Cornet. little story since their last storm at Candia. Sir Thos. Morgan 
called here on his way to England. Hearing you were a lover of 
cider, I have sent you two hogsheads. [Jbid. No. 119.] 

Nov. +5. Funeral oration on Henrietta Maria of France, Queen of Great 

Paris, Britain, pronounced by Abbé Bossuet, in presence of Monsieur, the 
King’s only brother, and of Madame [daughter of Henrietta Maria], 
at the church of St. Mary, Challiot, where the heart of her Majesty 
reposes. [Zbid. No. 120.] 


570 


1669. 
Nov. 6. 


6 
Nov. fẹ 
Paris. 


Nov. 6. 


* London. 


Nov. @ 
Edinburgh. 


Nov. 6. 
Deal. 


Nov. 7. 
Deal. 


Nov. 7. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 7. 


Durham. 


Nov. 8, 
Chatham. 


Nov. 8. 
Chatham. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS, 


Brief notes of proceedings in the House of Commons. [Printed 
more at length in Commons Journals, Vol. IX. p. 103. SP. 
Dom., Car. II. 267, No. 121.] 


[Sam.] Puffendorf to Williamson. “I am leaving at once, my 
successor having arrived in Holland, and being daily expected here. 
I beg your commands, principally in reference to the purchase of 
books, which I will bring you myself. [French. Ibid. No. 122.] 


Earl of Ailesbury to Williamson. I desire that Mr. Cheyney, 
named in the depositions, may not be mentioned in your order; 
he is not so rude as the others, but was amongst them by chance. 
I delivered a paper to Lord Arlington. [Jbid. No. 123.] 


Rob. Mein to Williamson. I can send no news, no one but mem- 
bers being allowed to be present, either at Parliament, or the meet- 
ings of the Lords of Articles. [Zbid. No. 124.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Another Jamaica man has arrived, 
who speaks of an attack, by English privateers in the West Indies, 
on 7 sail of Spaniards, 2 of which were fired and 3 taken, the others 
escaping ; he says the privateers are in great hopes of capturing 
some of the Spanish towns. As this news is similar to an account 
received 8 weeks since, I think it is the same business, but the 
seamen say it is not; 30 sail of ships are in the Downs, outward 
bound. [Zbid. No. 125.] 


Same to the Same. The 2 Spanish ships taken by our priva- 
teers in West India were 2 galleons, which they could not over- 
power through having so many men, so they fired them; then the 
Spaniards leaped overboard and the English went to plunder, and 
made themselves very rich. Some of the plate was sold in Deal 


esterday. This was not the May exploit, but was done in August. 
[Ibid. No. 126.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. All things are quiet. Sir Phil. 
Honeywood has recovered beyond expectation. [Jbid. No. 127.] 


Dr. Guy Carleton to Williamson. I beg pardon for so often 
asking the beadsman’s place, vacant by death of Will. Green of 
Morland, for John Richison of Bolton, Westmoreland, as it would be 
such a charitable work. It would be too great a presumption to 
beg a line under your own hand, you being so engaged on State 
affairs; but I shall be thankful for a few words from one of your 
clerks. [Jbid. No. 128.] 


Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. I send 
contracts for provisions bought here for the service. I have agreed 
with Sir Roger Twisden, and presume the Surveyor has sent an 
account of the articles agreed on. The timber is much wanted for 
the new ship, and all care shall be taken in getting it into the yard. 
The Black Dog hoy is still at Harwich by bad weather. I gave a 
warrant for docking the Unicorn and St. George. [Ibid. No. 129.] 


Col. Thos. Middleton to the Navy Commissioners. I send an 
agreement with Sir Roger Twisden for his timber ; “he would not 
hear of anything of the King’s in the business, but would have us 


1669. 


Nov. 8. 


Wooiwich 


Ropeyard. 


Nov. 8. 


Gravesend. 


Nov. 8. 


Woolwich. 


Nov. 8. 
Chester. 


Nov. 8. 


CHARLES II. 571 


to be bound for his payment,” which we were forced to comply 
with. The trees, as they stand, seem to be as good as ever I saw ; the 
greatest reason I had to see them was to observe what sort of land 
they grew on, by which more is to be judged of timber than by 
looking on the tree. I found it to be stiff clay, without mixture of 
sand or gravel, which is all the judgment I have to choose timber 
by, as it grows. 

The want of the room Mr. Gould’s ground tow lies on will cost 
the King a large sum, besides the tediousness of the work and loss 
of time. The barn you name was never of any use to the King, 
and I never knew that he used or repaired it ; as it is ready to fall, 
I will make inquiry about it. The workmen are very earnest for 
their month’s pay; what answer shall be given them? We have 
promised Sir Roger Twisden a bill for 620/., being 600l. in part 
payment, and 20/, for the bark of the trees; do not fail in sending 
it me, we having prevailed with him to let us fell some of the trees 
for present occasions. Signed also by Commissioner Cox. [3 pages. 
S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 267, No. 130.] 

Wm. Bodham to the Navy Commissioners. I delivered to Capt. 
Taylor’s son the 10 tons of rakings bought at the sale last May, at 
3s. 6d. per cwt. He sent not the money according to promise, but 
I did not deny delivery, knowing that he is able, and that you can 
make him willing to pay. We judged it well worth 4s. 6d., but 
seeing it is bought at 3s. 6d., no more can be demanded, though it 
is strange the price should not be advanced at the sale. You should 
charge warehouse room which, considering the bulk and room it 
took, may be valued at 20s. a week; it is usual to allow but 
3 weeks for fetching away bought goods, and this charge would be 
instead of an advance by bidding at the sale. [Zbid. No. 181.] 

Ph. Pett to the Navy Commissioners. A small boat for meet- 
ing ships below Gravesend is necessary, for better performance of 
my duty as muster-master. With note that it is not allowed until 
he lays before the Board the conveniences arising to the King 


_ thereby. [Jbid. No. 132.] 


Edw. Byland to Thos. Hayter. Mr. Kingsbury has served in 
116 loads of compass timber more than his contract, and falls 
short with his strait timber 16 loads. I desire you will order 
Mr. Acworth to receive it, and make out his bills. [Zbed. No. 133.] 

M. Anderton to [Williamson]. Lord Fingall [Luke Plunkett, 
3rd Earl], left yesterday for Holyhead, on his way to Ireland, 
accompanied by honest Mr. Leigh, who desires his service. You will 
find by the perusal of an enclosure, the esteem entertained by the 
Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for the Secretaries of State. I had 
stopped the shipment of the horses and mares, but I presumed they 
had paid customs upon importation, being Flanders breed. Under- 
standing you have become housekeeper, I will send you a brace of 
Cheshire cheeses. Remember me to Sir Geoffry Shakerley. [Tbid. 
No. 134.] ; 


Thos. Povey to [Williamson]. I heard from Mr. Drurie of the 
resentments of Clarke and Martin, at the fierce and factious pro- 


572 


1669. 


Nov. 8. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


ceedings of the triumphing party at Thetford, and of his being 
directed to wait upon you, and acquaint you therewith. I have 
received a letter from the Mayor, of the desire of the corporation to 
choose a new deputy-recorder or town clerk, for their own purposes. 
I beg to make a few observations on the matter, and on the address 
presented to you by them. It is their design to unsettle the corpo- 
ration, and transfer all the interests and influences vested in the 
house of Norfolk to a new lord. In order to do this, they agreed 
that their address to this new lord, subscribed privately, should be 
entered of record in their Hall book, and got the freemen to make 
a like address, whereby the body, instead of an aristocracy, becomes 
a populacy. f 

As to their application for a new charter, I believe that, since the 
return of the King, for the better regulating boroughs and prevent- 
ing faction, it has been the custom, upon reviewing charters, to 
appoint the recorder and town clerk, so that their request to you to 
add or alter clauses, without consulting such officers, is wrong. I, as 
recorder and town clerk, am entrusted with the interests of a noble 
family, whose ancestors obtained the charter in the time of Eliza- 
beth, and am therefore unwilling it shall be disturbed, until the 
present Lord of Thetford has returned, or whilst the chief and 
soberest persons cannot consult with the rest. I cannot see that the 
proceedings in the Exchequer between Martin and Kendall, as to 
the payment of arrears of taxes, have anything to do with Parliament, 
and I hear the Exchequer has decided the difference. 

The river certainly cannot be dealt with, without an Act of Par- 
liament, but I was the first mover in that matter, and asked Lord 
Arlington for his patronage in it; so that out of common civility, 
the corporation ought to have included me, as their officer, in such 
address, I having given them advice in it; whereby they show 
their unwillingness that the benefit should be brought to the town, 
by the means and the persons spoken of, lest the sense of it should 
oblige the town, which Kendall would govern by power and 
cunning only. À 

I hope that you, as their burgess in Parliament, will refuse to 
recognise such applications, unless they come through me, as their 
recorder and town clerk; and that you will so express yourself, 
seeing I might have been their member in your place; for you 
know my good intentions towards the borough, in having obtained 
the brief with some pain and difficulty, thereby obliging those of 
whom I had no knowledge or acquaintance. The contrivances of 
these new men and new minds are sufficiently visible in their 
address, and I hope you will find an expedient to keep yourself fair 
on all sides, and will be a witness for me, on the return of Lord 
Howard, who will be found jealous and passionate at the foul 
apostacy of the town. I never expected, by adhering to you, to 
weaken my own pretensions as recorder. [3} pages. S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 267, No. 135.] 


The King to the Mayor, bailiffs, and burgesses of Headon-in- 
Holderness, Yorkshire, We approve your election of Chris. Hildyard, 


1669. 


Nov. 8. 


Nov. 8. 


Nov. 9. 


Nov. 9. 


Nov. 9. 


Nov 9. 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 9. 


Nov. 9. 
Plymouth. 


Nov. 9. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 9. 


~ 


CHARLES II. 5738 


barrister-at-law, a person of good abilities and loyalty, to the office 
of recorder, on resignation of Wm. Wise. With minute of a like 
letter in favour of Wm. Baines, chosen town clerk of Headon, in 
ae of Aquila Stevenson, deceased. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, 
. 132.] 

Warrant to Thos. Horton of Bork Island, Yorkshire, to preserve 
the King’s game in the wapentake of Agbrigg and Morley, West 
Riding of Yorkshire. Minute. [Zbid.] 

The King to the Commissioners of Ordnance. You report on the 
petition of John Samine, powder maker, that he lost 1,200/. in the 
firing of his stores at Moulsey, Surrey, and 660l. worth of powder 
belonging to his Majesty, for which he is responsible ; that he was 
abated in the price of some saltpetre bought from him during the 
Dutch war, and that at the late dreadful fire at the Custom House, 
he saved 150 barrels of powder; he is therefore to be discharged 
from payment of the said 660/., and the sum will be allowed to you 
on your accounts. [Jbid. f. 133.] 

Warrant to the Ordnance Commissioners to deliver to Sir Rob. 
Holmes, Governor of the Isle of Wight, beds, &c., for lodging 
60 soldiers in the castles of the island. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 20, p. 202.] 

Approval by the King of the subjoined decree of the Com- 
missioners of Sewers for the River Lee and the New River, pub- 
lished at the sessions of sewers, St. Andrews, Holborn, viz.: that 
the 2 pipes for conveying water from the River Lee to the New 
River, by Chalk Island, near Ware, be one 6 and the other 
8 inches bore, and that turnpike jetties be set up by the New 
River Company, to raise the water of the Lee high enough to pass 
through the pipes, yet not so as to endanger any vessel, or to cause 
inundation of the meadows; the decree to be certified in Chancery. 
With 11 signatures, and note of the King’s approval. [Copy. S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 178.] 

Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of 
Nath. Philpot, for payment of 5771. 14s. 8d., expended in building a 
lodge, paling, &c., in Hyde Park, while he was keeper thereof. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 78.] 

Petition of Thos. Hodge, chaplain to Lord Windsor, to the King, 
for a presentation to the vicarage of Bromsgrove, co. Worcester, no 
one having been duly presented for 18 months, and it having 
therefore become lapsed to his Majesty. With reference thereon to 
Walter, Bishop of Oxford, and his report in favour of the petitioner. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 267, Nos. 136, 137.] 

Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 78.] 

John Clarke to Hickes. Two ships have arrived from Portugal, 
with sugar and oil. Thanks for your letter. I have been much 
weakened by my late distemper. [S.P. Dom., Cur. TI. 267, No. 138.] 

Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. I did not receive last week 
the usual news, which is much desired during the Parliament time. 
[£oid. No. t39] 

Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 140.] 


574: 


1669. 
Nov. 9. 


Harwich. 


Nov. 9. 
Dublin. 


Nov. 9. 
Ordnance 
Office. 


Nov. 9. 


Nov. 9. 
Deptford. 


Nov. 10. 


Chatham. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Silas Taylor to Williamson. The Dutch packet boat has arrived, 
but the packets for Harwich have not been heard of for a fortnight, 
and the master has been constrained to hire hoys here to transport 
the mails and passengers. We hear of great tempests at sea, and of 
great wrecks being seen on the coast of Norway and elsewhere. 


[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 267, No. 141.] 


Capt. Wm. Fasby, of the Monmouth yacht, to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. I did my best to learn the prices of those goods I need, 
and hope you will send them from London, for I can have no sails 
made here; it will be a great wrong to the yacht if she is not 
fitted and graved, as without this some of the officers will leave. 
I want 22 men, as the Mary has. I left 4 of my men at Greenwich, 
and took 4 others in their room, but the former men having followed 
me, which has put them to great charge, I hope you will allow me 
to bear them. [Zbid. No. 142.] 


Edw. Sherburne and Rich. March to the Navy Commissioners. 
His Majesty has commanded that the fort or battery.at Gallions be 
continued, and none of the great guns removed without further 
order. We desire you will direct the officers at Woolwich to forbear 
taking up and bringing away the plank and timber there, until his 
Majesty declares his further pleasure therein. [Jbid. No. 143.] 


Rob. Wright, counsellor, to the Navy Commissioners. As you 
gave me leave to employ a solicitor, to wait on you to receive your 
orders as to law matters, I have sent him to do his duty. He is 
industrious and diligent, and will bring me your orders, which shall 
be executed with care and diligence. [Jbid. No. 144.] 


Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. I have inall the beams 
of the upper deck of the London, and want 7 or 8 loads of knees 
to finish it. I would lay it now the weather is fair and dry, that 
the joiners may go on with the works in the cabin. If you will 
send the purveyor to look about the river, he may find sufficient 
knees for the service. I have complained of the delay in making 
a pinnace for Capt. Pearce of the Sapphire. [Ibid. No. 145.] 


Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. I put up 
your instructions for the sale of the Marmaduke wreck, and gave 
Mr. Gregory the bill of imprest for 300/.; he desires that Mr. Paul- 
ing of Maidstone, receiver of taxes, may pay it, if he has so much of 
the Treasurer’s money in hand. I will provide what is demanded by 
the officers, and inquire what knee timber may be had in these 
parts. Let 200/. more be imprested to Mr. Gregory, for payment of 
the men engaged on the wrecks, which service I hope to bring to 
an end in the spring [tide], if the Ordnance supplies powder and 
materials, also some deals to repair the wharves and storehouse. 

The ground tow sold to Mr. Gould is not fetched away, and the 
room is very much wanted. There is a tender of 3,000 fagots, and 
some timber at Maidstone fit for the new ship. The fellow who 
stole the ropes from the masts was ordered by Justices Allen and 
May to be carried to Maidstone, but as they would not order their 


1669. 


Nov. 10. 
Chatham. 


Nov. 10. 


The Sapphire, 
Gravesend. 


Nov. 10. 
Pembroke. 


Nov. 11. 
Deal. 


Nov. 11. 


Harwich. 


Nov. 11. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 11. 
Deal. 


Nov. 10. 


Nov. 11. 


Preston, 
Lancashire. 


CHARLES II. 575 


ofticers to take him, I sent him to the constable and bozelder of 
Chatham, from whom he got away; I find all here are against 
executing any severity for theft. I will prosecute the constable 
and bozelder for their default, if desired. We want plank to make 
chests for the powder to blow up the wrecks. [2 pages. S.P. 
Dom., Car. II, 267, No. 146.] 


Col. Thos. Middleton to the Navy Commissioners. I am sorry 
you think the price paid for Sir Roger Twisden’s timber is hard on 
the King; let me have your resolution about Mason’s. We require 
blocks for the new ships. Mr. Yardly never had anything to do 
with the barn; I find it has been used many years by different 
persons to put wood in. I hope you will mind the treasurers about 
the workmen, as they would fain be merry at Christmas, or at least 
have money to pay their quarter’s rent. Pray send 20 lasts of tar, 
and if you can, send 40. I fear it will be 3 weeks before I have 
finished my survey. [3 pages. Ibid. No. 147.] 


Certificate of Andrew Hogan and 6 others, that their ship sprang 
her foremast coming from Long Reach, and is unserviceable. [Zbid. 
No. 148.] 


John Powell to Williamson. Two French ships, laden with salt, 
brandy, and wines, have put in by contrary weather, both bound 
for Dublin. [Zbid. No. 149.] 


Morgan Lodge to Williamson. I delivered the packet on board 
the Black Spread Eagle, bound for Tangiers. [Jbid. No. 150.] 


Silas Taylor to Williamson. The storm has abated, but the wind 
continues at west. Only one of the 3 packet-boats has arrived. I 
understand one is in Holland, but can gain no intelligence of the 
third, which has been missing a fortnight. Two Holland ships 
with timber from Norway, and several others, have put into port 
for safety. [ZIbid. No. 151.] 


Capt. Chas. Collier for Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. There is 
no news of any kind. [Zbid. No, 152.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. A ship from the Barbadoes has 
arrived, and reports the colony to be in a peaceable condition. 
There is a report that Prince Robert [Rupert] is desiring leave of 
the King to make halfpence, to go throughout the kingdom, at which 
all rejoice, for now every pitiful shopkeeper coins farthings and 
halfpence at his pleasure. [Zbid. No. 153.] 


Petition of Thos. Hele, and 25 other parishioners of Holberton, 
co. Devon, to the King, to present Thos. Rous, M.A., Fellow of King’s 
College, Cambridge, to the living void by the death of Wm. Phillips. 
Rous having officiated there for some time. With certificate by the 
Bishop of Oxford in favour of Rous, his lordship having received 
such good testimony of him from the Bishop of Exeter. [26 signa- 
tures. Ibid. No. 154.] 


Inquisition on a writ of ad quod damnum, reporting that a grant 
to Charles, Earl of Derby, of 2 yearly fairs, and a weekly market at 
Grimskirk, and a yearly fair at Weeton-cum-Preeze, co. Lancaster, 


576 


1669. 


Nov. 11. 


Nov. 11. 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 11. 


Harwich, 


Noy. 11. 


Chatham 


Ropeyard. 
Nov. 11. 


Gravesend. 


Nov. 11. 


Noy. 11. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


will not be prejudicial to the neighbourhood. With the writ 
for the above inquisition, dated 3 Nov. 1669, addressed to Sir Thos. 
Ingram, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, prefixed. [Zatin. 
7 pages. K.P Dom. Car. II, 267, Nos. 155, 156.] 


Presentation of Thos. Hodge, chaplain to Lord Windsor, to the 
vicarage of Bromsgrove, co. Worcester. Minute. [S.P, Dom., Entry 
Book 19, . 112.] 


Order referring to the Earl of Oxford, and Lords Ashley and 
Arlington, the petition of the Earl of Northampton, for examination 
by some persons of honour of several pretended misdemeanours, 
committed in Whittlewood Forest, co. Northampton. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 33, p. 79.] 


Wm. Williamson, master of the Black Dog hoy, to the Navy 
Commissioners. I am laden with timber from Maldon for Chatham, 
but forced in here by the weather, and must stay till the wind 
changes. Pray send an order for some victuals, as I have not one 
day’s aboard. The Adam and Eve hoy is here. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 267, No. 157.] 


John Owen to the Navy Commissioners. We have but one last 
of tar in the stores, and as we spend 2 at a tarring, I desire a speedy 
supply. [Zbid. No. 158.] 


Phineas Pett to the Navy Commissioners. Reasons why I should 
have a boat of 7 tons, for performing my duty of muster master. 
There is a Flemish longboat, with a deck built on her, at Chatham, 
fit for the purpose, which will be the cheapest to the King. With 
note that it was negatived by the Board, as an unnecessary charge. 
[Ibid. No. 159.] 


Daniel Gates to Thos. Hayter. Having stayed as long as I can, 
without hazarding the loss of the convoy, pray acquaint the 
Commissioners that I shall sail on the 18th, so that if they have any 
of Lord Fauconberg’s goods to put on board for Venice, they are 
to make despatch. [Jbid. No. 160.] 


Abra. Ansley to [Pepys]. Particulars of proceedings taken 
to prevent further embezzlements on board the York. [2 pages. 
Ibid. No. 161.] Encloses, 


Information of John Elliott and 2 others, that they saw 
Rich. Driver, late boatswain of the York, carry away a 
hawser, and an old awning ; that after his decease, nothing 
was carried away, but all was committed to the succeeding 
boatswain.—Portsmouth, 11 Nov. 1669. [Zbid. No. 1611.] 


Petition of Mary Driver, widow, to the Navy Commissioners 
that the 12 months’ wages due to her late husband may be no 
longer suspended, but paid to her, and that whatever was 
misspent or came short may be charged on the succeeding 
boatswain, no survey being made till a month after she gave 
up the keys of the storeroom. With reference thereon by 
Col. Thos. Middleton and Sir Jeremiah Smith to Commis- 
sioner Tippetts.—2 Oct. 1669. [Ibid. No. 16111.] 


1669. 
Nov. 12. 
Chatham. 


Nov. 12. 


[Nov. 12.] 


Nov. 12. 


Nov. 12. 
Plymouth. 


Nov, 12. 
Novy. 12. 


Dover. 


Nov. 13. 
Deal. 


CHARLES IL 577 


Col. Thos. Middleton to the Navy Commissioners. I shall buy 
what timber I see fit for the King. I found the floors of the hemp- 
houses so rotten, that I was forced to order deals to be laid on them. 
I wish the ship with them were sent to this place, that the trouble 
of sending to Deptford upon every occasion might be prevented. We 
are in great want of tar; there are 13 or 14 coppers, which cost the 
King 600., are unfit for use, and burthen the stores; 85l. would 
make them as serviceable as ever, and if the ships are ordered to 
sea, new ones must be had; there are also some kettles and poop 
lanterns, that a quarter of the first cost would make as good as ever. 
[2 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 267, No. 162.] 


Propositions by Thos. Steane for fitting 56 repairable poop 
lanterns at Chatham with all materials, for 67/. With note that 
he is to have 600. for it, and 40l. by way of imprest. [Jbid. 
No. 163.] 


Case in an appeal to the House of Lords, from a decree of the 
Court of Chancery, in the cause of Bernard Grenville, and Ann his 
wife, sole daughter and heir of the late Cuthbert Morley, against 
Jeremy and Hen. Elwayes, relative to; a mortgage held by the 
defendants on certain estates of Cuthbert Morley. He being a 
delinquent, and in danger of sequestration, released the estate to 
Jeremy Elwayes, his brother-in-law, in secret trust, to receive it back 
when in condition so to do; the said decree being that the mortgager, 
to redeem the estate, should repay not only the whole mortgage, 
with interest, charges, &c., but the sum paid by the mortgagee, for 
purchase of the estate from the late usurpers. Long details of pro- 
ceedings, 1642-1668. [Printed. 4 pages. Ibid. No. 164. See 
Lords’ Journals, Vol. XII., pp. 265-6.] 


Caveat in favour of Sir Thos. Ingram, that nothing pass for the 
disposal of any office in the jointure of the late Queen, in the Duchy 
of Lancaster. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 32, p. 7.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. Some ships have arrived from Portugal, 
the Canaries, &c.; 3 ships were driven ashore during the late 
hurricane. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 267, No. 165.] 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 166.] 


Jo. Carlile to [Williamson]. Through contrary winds, the Dover 
packet-boats have of late landed their mails and passengers in the 
Downs and at Margate. I hear from Flanders that a war is 
expected between France and Holland. I perceive by the Gazette 
that a house is shut up in Calais through the contagion, but find 
that it is no such thing; the house shut up in Dover was from a 
woman dying through miscarrying, and although 10 persons are in 
the house, none have been sick. Great care is taken by the Mayor 
and magistrates to keep the house closed, though we hope there is 
no danger. [Zbid. No. 167.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. A vessel has arrived, having lost 
her masts and sails; also 3 ships from Scanderoon, who report that 
all the Algerines are in harbour, except 2, fired by Sir Thos, Allin, 

00 


578 


1669. 


Nov. 18. 


Swansea, 


Nov. 13. 


Harwich. 


Nov. 13. 
Deal. 


Nov. 13. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 13. 


Nov. 13. 


Nov. 18. 
Victualling 
Office. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


and another run aground and staved; that Sir Thos. Allin “lays 
«close to his business, which invites them of Algiers to a peace”; they 
offered to the King as many 2,0007. as his Majesty has ships there, 
and it is thought a little time will bring about an honourable peace. 
The late winds have done much hurt on the coasts of Holland, and 
some English vessels have been wrecked. [S.P Dom., Car. LI. 267, 
No. 168.] 


Jo. Man to Williamson. We hear of several wrecks on the coasts 
of Ireland, Minehead, and Combe, by the stormy weather. A 
great vessel of London, bound for Tangiers, and another with 
pilchards for Leghorn, lost their masts and sails, and have gone into 
Milford Harbour. The Justicia of Horne, and 2 Frenchmen with 
brandy and salt, bound for Dublin, have put into Tenby. [Jbid. 
No. 169.] 


Silas Taylor to Williamson. Two King’s hoys from Maldon, with 
timber for Chatham Yard, have put in by contrary winds, and 
several other vessels are waiting, bound for the Thames. The 
packet-boats have not returned. [Jbid. No. 170.] 


Mor. Lodge to Williamson. I made a mistake in my last to you, 
arising from a multitude of foreign letters coming in, and being 
somewhat late, but they were delivered according to your intent. 


[Ibid, No. 171.] 


Petition of Sir John Robinson, Bart., Lieutenant of the Tower, to 
the King. By a report of the Duke of Albemarle and others, 
appointed by a commission of 12 Sept. 1664, it was declared that 
the Tower Wharf ought to be cleared and kept free for the use of 
the service, and that the way upon it, to and from the City, should 
be chained up at each end; and as it appeared that former Lieu- 
tenants of the Tower had received benefit by suffering persons to use 
it, which petitioner had also done, they advised that some recom- 
pense should be made to him for the loss. Begs an order to the 
Commissioners for executing the office of Master of the Ordnance, to 
allow him an annual or quarterly compensation, for being deprived 
of the benefit made by the said wharf. With reference thereon to 
the Ordnance Commissioners. [Zbid. No. 172.] 


ee of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 88, 
p. (9.] 


Petition of Marius D’Assigny, B.D., late chaplain of the garrison 
at Tangiers, to Lord Arlington, for the vicarage of Burton. co. 
Lincoln, which is at disposal of his lordship, the Lord Keeper, and 
the Bishop of Oxford. Served 3 years at Tangiers, and has been 
3 years waiting employment, since his return, on the reducement of 
the regiments. With note by John, Lord Belasyse, in favour of the 
petitioner. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 267, No. 173.] 


Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. I received a refer- 
ence upon the petition of Rebecca Hill, desiring my reasons for 
refusing to satisfy her for the credit due on the victualling of the 
Willoughby frigate. Wishing to finish all accounts of that nature, 


1669. 


Nov. 13. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 14. 
Portsmouth. 


Nov. 14, 
Deal. 


Nov. 15. 


Nov. 15. 
Falmouth. 


Nov. 15. 
Hull, 


Nov. 15. 
Whitehall, 


Nov. 15. 
' Whitehall. 


15 
Nov. 33 
Paris. 


Nov. 15. 


CHARLES ii. — 579 


I have given my hand and paid many creditors, though I had no 
settled foundation for repayment of what shall be due upon those 
accounts. This service has caused much clamour, and some trouble 
at law. I do not think it reasonable or fitting to engage any 
further, without I see some way to discharge the engagements ; 
unless some course is taken, it will be a great discouragement to 
those willing to clear their accounts, and a pretence to others that 
are unwilling, knowing themselves to be debtors, and bring his 
Majesty upon the necessity of making satisfaction to me for iron 
hoops, biscuit. bags, &c., for which the pursers now stand debtors, 
[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 267, No. 174.] 


Ben Johnson to the Navy Commissioners. I send notes of goods 
seized by one Green, a look-out, that a bill may be made to him 
for them. [Jbid. No. 175.] ; 


Chas. Collier, for Hugh Salesbury, to Williamson, Has no news 
to send. [Zbid. No. 176.] 


Rich, Watts to Williamson. The wind having changed, all the 
great ships are preparing to sail. The Roebuck has gone for Ports- 
mouth. [Zbid. No. 177.] 


Mor. Lodge to Williamson. I desire instructions as to two 
packets directed to Sir Thos. Allin and Sir Jeremiah [Edward] 
Spragg, which I received after the fleet had sailed. [Zbid. No. 178.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. Twenty sail bound for France and 
Bilbao have put to sea. The Western post, which formerly came 
in on Wednesday, is now not received till Thursday, which is a ` 
great prejudice to merchants and seamen, [Jbid. No. 179.]. 


Chas. Whittington to Williamson. Arrival and departure of 
vessels with lead, cloth, wine, and prunes. [Jbid. No. 180.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners, on the petition of 
Jo. Lovelace and Thos. Howard, for a grant of Gedney Marsh, 
co. Lincoln, to them and their heirs, with all tithes and appur- 
tenances, on the former rent of 1001. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, 


p. 80.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners, of the petition of 
Charles, Lord Cornwallis, Baron of Eye, for the office of high steward 
of the manor of Eye, granted him by the late Queen [Mother], but 
in his Majesty’s disposal by her death. [Jbid. p. 81.] 


Funeral oration for Henrietta Maria of France, Queen of Great 
Britain, pronounced at Notre Dame by I. F. Senault, superior- 
general of the congregation of the “Oratoire de Jesus.” With a 
dedication to [her daughter] the Duchess of Orleans. [Printed 
French, 44 pages. K.P. Dom., Car. II, 267, No. 181.] 


Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners: I send 
copies of contracts, the originals being kept in a book, so that I can 
at all times refer toit. I have bought 300 loads of timber of 
Mr. Mason ; let the money sent for bringing in Sir Roger Twisden’s 

00 2 


580 


1669. 


Nov. 15. 
Chatham. 


Nov. 15. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 16. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 16. 
The Roebuck, 
Portsmouth. 


Nov. 16. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 16. 


Harwich. 


Nov. 16. 
Milford, 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


timber be imprested to Mr. Gregory. The Black Dog hoy has arrived 
with Mr. Moorcock’s timber; shall she be sent to Deptford when un- 
livered? [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 267, No. 182.] 


Col. Thos. Middleton to the Navy Commissioners. Mr. Pett has 
viewed Sir Roger Twisden’s trees, and says there will not be one 
but will be of special use for the new ship, and as little waste as in 
any parcel of timber he ever saw. I have written for the speedy 
bringing them up to the seaside, and as money will be wanting for 
the converting and carriage, I desire you will send 2007, I enclose 
an agreement made with Mason for 300 loads, and request your 
pleasure therein. I presume the lanterns cost the King more than 
2001.; I know not whether anything will be abated in the demand 
for repair of some of them, unless it is the odd 71. We want some 
plank for repair of the dock. [8} pages. Ibid. No. 183.] En- 
closing, 


Particulars of the size and number of blocks, dead-eyes, &c., 
agreed to be supplied by Edw. Smith for the new ship 
at Chatham. — Chatham, Nov. 15. With note by George 
Hanbury, Dec. 9, 1669, that the price, which is to be paid 
before 1 April 1670, is 2101. [7 pages. Ibid. No. 18381.] 


Copy of the above particulars. [T pages. Ibid. No. 18311] 


Abra. Ansley to Commissioner Tippetts. I viewed the hold of 
the Roebuck, this day come into harbour, and find she will stow 
3 months’ wet and 6 months’ dry provision for 60 men, her men 
lodging in the hold. [Zbid. No. 184.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Roebuck has arrived from 
the Downs, to be cleaned and fitted out again for Tangiers, to relieve 
another frigate there. [lbid. No. 185.] 


Capt. George Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. Particulars of 
his voyage from the Downs to Portsmouth harbour. Being bound 
out on such a long voyage, the officers beg you will consider their 
poor condition, having been long without pay, and order some money 
for relief of their families, before they go hence. [Jbid. No. 186.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. The Roebuck 
has arrived, and all despatch shall be made in refitting her. The 
stores not affording lanterns small enough for the Queen’s ship, I re- 
ceived a set from Mr. Harding, and desire a warrant for them, and for 
50 loads of plank from Mr. Coles; also a dormant order for spikes 
or nails, the want of which would greatly hinder our works. [Jbid. 
No. 187.] 


Silas Taylor to Williamson. The ships in harbour have sailed 
for the Thames, and a vessel from Neweastle has come in. Five 
packet-boats are expected. With note to Mr. Osberne: I have not- 
received one of the private intelligences from you, as promised me 
by Mr. Williamson. [Jbid. No. 188.] 


John Powell to Williamson. The John and Mary of London, 
laden with pilchards, still remains here; 4 of her men have run 
away. [Ibid. No, 189.] | 


1669. 
Nov. 16. 
Plymouth. 


Nov. 16. 


Nov. 16. 


Nov. 16. 


Nov. 17. 


Nov. 17. 
Falmouth. 


. Nov. 17. 


Falmouth. 


[Nov. 17.] 


CHARLES II. 581 


John Clarke to Hickes. I have no news; I am recovering from 
my late attack, but not strong enough to leave my chamber yet. 


[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 267, No. 190.] 


Earl of Inchiquin to Williamson. May I expect the letter con- 
cerning my son to-day, and at what hour may I call for it? [Zbid. 
No. 191.] 


Caveat in favour of Father Patrick, that no grant pass of the 
estate of the late Oliver Daulton, the reversion of which is in the 
Crown. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 32, p. 7.] 


Act concerning the militia of Scotland, for training and disciplining 
the 20,000 foot and 2,000 horse which the late Parliament declared 
it to be his Majesty’s undoubted prerogative to raise at pleasure, and 
for whom he has appointed officers, ordering them fit allowances as 
specified, from the time of the rendezvous; the goods of those who 
fail to appear are to be impounded by the sheriff, but to be re- 
deemable within 6 days; those not sufficiently armed or mounted 
are to be considered asabsent. ‘The Lords of Council are to appoint 
the days of rendezvous, and give further instructions. [7 pages. 
S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 267, No. 192. Printed in Acts of Parliament 
for Scotland, Vol. VII., p. 554.) 


Gilbert Thomas, Provost Marshal, to Williamson. I cannot find 
that any old thief was concerned in the robbery at the King’s 
house on 5 Nov., or was seen near Whitehall; but I hear that 
Hugh King, a short black man, 34 years of age, who was formerly 
servant to the Duke of Gloucester, often resorted to the place 
where the robbery was committed, and has since gone to Ireland. 
Notice should be given to the officers at Holyhead and Chester, as 
if he is taken, he will discover the robbery. [Jbid. No, 193.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. The Hagle, bound for Bordeaux to 
load wines for his Majesty, has come in with several others. The 
Nicholas and John of Dover, with wine from Rochelle, reports that 
the French are building many great ships, and intend a war, and 
that the Dutch ships there only take in brandy, but proffer to carry 
wine for 10 livres a tun. [Jbid. No. 194.] 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect as the above, and part 
of his letter of Nov. 15. [Ibid. No. 195.] 


Petition of Wm. Massie to the King, for release on bail, and for a 
warrant suspending his punishment for manslaughter. Was found 
guilty of the manslaughter of Joan Meakins, but had no guilty in- 
tention of doing her the least hurt. Has a wife and four children ; 
lost all his real estate in the late fire, and since this disaster, his 
employment in the Charterhouse, and has nothing remaining but 
a few goods, which some persons are endeavouring to beg, and others 
to seize. [Ibid, No. 196.] Anneaing, 


Certificate by John Foster, coroner, to the justices of the peace 
for Middlesex, that at an inquisition taken before him in 
the parish of St. Dunstan in the West, on 25 Oct. last, upon 


582 


1669. 


Nov. 17. 


Nov. 17. 


Nov. 17. 


Chatham. 


Nov, 17. 


The James hoy, cont 
Great Yarmouth. 


Nov. 17. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


“the body of Joan Meakins, spinster, killed with a blow on 


the head by a quart pot, the petitioner was found guilty 
of manslaughter for the said offence—17 Nov. 1669. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. II, 267, No. 1961.] 


“ State of the case,” viz., that the petitioner went into the kitchen 


of a tavern, and requested the maid to leave, as he had some 
private business with a gentleman whom he expected ; that 
she refused, and after several high words, threw a glass of 
beer into his face, wherewpon he struck her with a pot then 
in his hand, since which she has died; but more through her 
own wilfulness than the danger of the hurt, as 2 eminent 
doctors in physic and 4 surgeons testified on oath before the 
coroner. Also that petitioner has always been well con- 
ducted, whereas the dead woman was often abusive and 
violent. [Ibid. No, 19611.] 


Commission for Major Ben. Henshaw to be captain of a company 
of foot in Portsmouth garrison, whereof Rob. Manley was late 
captain, Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 20, p. 203.] 


Approval of Sir Rob. Markham and Ant. Thorold as deputy- 
lieutenants for Lincolnshire ; the Earl of Lindsey to send them their 
deputations. Minute. [Jbid.] 


Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. I send 
the master’s journal of the Black Dog hoy ; she will be unlivered 
to-morrow, when I will send her up, fitting her with the remains 
of Mr. Gould’s ground tow; and though she is very bad, she may 
serve to bring down the spruce deals and banks intended for this 


The horseboat is ordered to Deptford, for 1,000 deals to cover 


up the ropeyard, which was ripped up when the Dutch were up the 
river, and unless it be covered, will be wholly spoiled. The 500. im- 
prested to Mr. Gregory for bringing in Sir Roger Twisden’s timber 
will go but a little way, as it will come to nearly 2002. ; let a bill 
be made out for 250/., there being 50 of the biggest trees already 


[S.P. Dom., Car, II. 267, No. 197,] 


George Roberts to the Navy Commissioners. I put in here by 
rary winds, where are 8 vessels more bound for the same river, 
some of which have been here 20 days. I will send you an account 
when I get to the port. [Zbid: No. 198.] 


M. Wren to the Navy Commissioners. Care has been taken to 


Whitehall. furnish Commissioner Tippetts with power and instructions for 


Nov. 18. 


his journey into Sherwood Forest and to Hull; as they are only 
general, if there is anything you would particularly recommend, you 
are to do so, I went with him to the Treasury, where we were 
promised that the order giving him power to fell trees, should be 
despatched to-day. [Zbid. No. 199.] 


M. Wren to the Navy Commissioners. The Committee of Council 
for Navy Affairs intend to meet to-morrow, to consider the best 
way for supplying victuals to Sir Thos. Allin’s fleet. I thought it 


fit to let you know, that you may judge whether one or two of 
you should attend. [Zbid, No. 200.] l 


CHARLES II. 583 


1669. 

Nov.18. Abra. Ansley to the Navy Commissioners. I want a dozen oars 
from Deptford for the Roebuck, and also orders as to her victualling, 
as she is now graved, and will be suddenly fitted. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 267, No. 201.] 


Nov. 18. Warrant for a charter of incorporation to the wheelwrights of 
London, Matt. Bateman to be the first master, naming also 2 war- 
dens and 18 assistants. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 133.] 


Nov. 18. Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Sir Phil. Honeywood is recover- 
Portsmouth. ing rapidly. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 267, No. 202.] 


Nov. 18. Silas Taylor to Williamson. The Dutch, and one of the Harwich 
Harwich. packet-boats have come in, with a few passengers. A boat is still 
missing, which is expected to have been forced into Norway by the 

westerly winds. [Jbid. No. 203.] 


Nov. 19. John Clarke to Hickes. There have 17 sail of ships arrived, 
Plymouth. most of them English from Bordeaux, &c., the rest French and 
Dutch ; they are all waiting for a fair wind. [Jbid. No. 204.] 


Nov. 19. Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [Ibid. No. 205.] 


[Nov. 19.] Petition of Capt. John Guillim, and Isabella his wife, daughter 
[Whitehall.] of Rob. Tyrwhitt, servant to the late King, to the King. Out 
of the portion of the latter, 300/. was lent to Sir Paul Pindar, Sir 
Job Harby and other Farmers of Customs, on a bond for 5002., 
on which she obtained judgment in 1649 and 1650. On this 3000. 
was paid, but 2002. remains due, which the executors profess they 
have no assets to pay. Beg that as his Majesty is allowing trea- 
sure out of his own store for those debts still unpaid off, he would 
send a letter to the executors of Sir John Jacob, Sir Mich. Crisp, 
and Sir John Harrison, to pay the said 200/. with damages, [Zbid. 


No. 206.] 
Noy. 19. Reference of the above petition to the Treasury Commissioners. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 81.] 
Noy. 19. Proclamation for apprehension of Lewis Deval, alias Brown, and 


Whitehall. four other notorious robbers, and ordering greater diligence in 
apprehension of robbers. [Similar to that of 23 Dec. Printed. 
S.P. Dom., Car. TI., Proc. Coll. p. 273.] 


Nov. 19. Jos. Ayloffe to Williamson. We want the King’s signature and 

Holborn. Royal assent to a decree made by us, as Commissioners of Sewers 
for the River Lee, and the bearer will be ready with the guineas. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 267, No. 207.] 


Nov. 19. Certificate by Sir Jo. Wolstenholme, Farmer of the Customs, 
Custom House, that he has received notice,—in pursuance of the Proclamation con- 
London. cerning the Acts of Navigation and Encouragement of Trade, 
dated 26 Aug. 1663,—from John Ellis, merchant of London, of his 

intention to load at Ostend, for London, in the Hester of Boston, 

3 casks of nutmegs, and that the said John Ellis is hereby licensed 

to import the same. With note by [Rich. Bower, of Yarmouth, 

to Williamson]. What was chiefly alleged against the petitioner 

was a clause in the Act of Frauds, declaring that no sort of spice: 


Nov. 19. 
Chatham. 


Nov, 19. 


Nov. 19. 
Chatham. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


should be imported from Germany or the Netherlands, and this 
Act not being named in the Order in Council, nor mention made of 
any spice therein, the nutmegs were prohibited ; yet the same thing 
is allowed to this day, and the proclamation gives liberty, in general 
terms, to import nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, and mace from any 
ports beyond sea- I conceive therefore that these nutmegs must 
be included, and as the prosecutors pretend that no licences were 
granted by the proclamation, I got a friend to take this licence to 
disprove them. Endorsed by Williamson “ Spices, &., Yarmouth. 
[Printed. K.P. Dom., Car. II. 267, No. 208.] 


Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. I gave a 
warrant for appraising the wreck of the Defiance, and intend 
putting her and the Minion up to sale on Thursday. I senda 
demand from Capt. Moorecock and Mr. Moore for 1502., for arrears 
due to men employed on the wrecks, who cannot be discharged 
until it is sent down. I sent the bill of imprest for 1001, towards 
the charges of converting and bringing in Sir Roger Twisden’s 
timber, to Edw. Gregory, who returned it, and begs that money 
may be sent, and he will readily obey your commands in its dis- 

osal. 

j Thomas Smith, boatswain of the Dunkirk, has been embezzling 
and selling some of the ropes; what course shall be taken with 
him and those that bought? The workmen are content to stay 
for their money till the end of the month, when I can spare all the 
pressed calkers till the new ship is calked; if they are needed at 
Deptford or Woolwich, I will send them up. The company of the 
Little Lion and Francis want money, having been in arrear ever 
since they were first ordered here. [Ibid. No. 209.] closes, 


Affidavit by Thos. Woodyard and Francis Coleman, that they 
bought certain ropes of Thos. Smith, boatswain of the Dun- 
kirk, for sums named,—15 Nov. 1669. [Lbid. No. 2091.] 


Warrant by the Navy Commissioners to the master attendant 
and clerk of the survey at Chatham, to issue canvas for making tar- 
paulins, &c, as occasion requires. [Jbid. No. 210.] 


Col. Thos, Middleton to the Navy Commissioners. The books for 
the month’s pay are ready ; I propose payment of the last and this 
month’s pay together. The horseboat is sent to Deptford for deals. 
The Black Dog hoy should bring the spars and deals ordered. 
Thirteen tons of ground tow has been taken away by Mr. Gould, 
and there are 40 tons left; let the persons who bought the other 
goods be quickened to fetch them away. I want your decision as 
to agreeing for blocks. Wm. Mingoe will pay the money when he 
comes to London; if you will let Mr. Griffin tell the party he is 
indebted to, I will undertake the payment of it for him, if it be 
but 50/. Fifty of Sir Roger Twisden’s trees are felled, prove very 
good timber, and will make the new ship as firm a ship as ever 
was built. 

I hope to have done my business here on Thursday night, and 
desire the sale of the Defiance on that day; I fear I shall want 


1669. 


Nov. 19. 
Chatham. 


Nov. 20. 


Harwich. 


Nov. 21. 
Lyme. 


Nov. 21. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 21. 
Deal. 


‘aNove2 hk. 
Deal. 


Nov. 21. 


Wareham. 


CHARLES IT. 585 


Å 


merchants to buy the Minion as she is appraised. I need money 
for the imprest bill sent to Mr. Gregory, that the King’s business 
may not be retarded, &c. [5 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 267, 
No. 211.] 


Capt. Edw. Moorcock and John Moore to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. We entreat that 150/. may be imprested to Edw. Gregory, 
for defraying past charges, and carrying on the work on the wrecks. 
We have received no money towards the charge of blowing up the 
residue ; the men have 6 weeks’ pay due, and those who have trusted 
the service with materials want payment. [Ibid. No. 212.] 


Robert Mayors to [the Navy Commissioners]. A warrant is required 
to receive 20 loads of plank from Edw. Hulbert. [Zbid. No. 213.] 


Warrant to Sir Thos. Ingram, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lan- 
caster, to pay 2007. to Edw. Dobson, Surveyor ofthe South Duchy 
of Lancaster, for his disbursements in the repair of the lodge 
belonging to East Bailey Walk, Enfield Chase. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 26, f. 68.] 


James Taaffe to Rob. Francis. I know not how to thank you for 
daily favours by means of Mr. Crane. I proffer my service, and 
kiss your hands. [Jtalian. S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 267, No. 214.] 


Silas Taylor to Williamson. The fair wind has brought in all 
the packet-boats. One was much damaged, and forced into the 
Vlie, where many vessels have been sunk by the foul weather. 
[Ibid. No. 215.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. The Francis of Lyme has arrived from 
Morlaix, and reports the publishing there, in all the churches and 
public places, of an order from the General of Brittany, command- 
ing seamen, under a great penalty, to appear and be listed into 
the King’s service, he intending to have at least one-third of those 
throughout his dominions in his pay; they have renewed the talk 
there as to taking off the tonnage from the Eaglish. A frigate of 
Havre de Grace, having the French King’s commission, and bound 
for Bordeaux, has come in, and a vessel from Norway with deals. 
The Charity of London, from the Canaries, is in Torbay, waiting a 
wind to bring her into Lyme. [Jbid. No. 216.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Has no news to send. [Jbid. 
No. 217.] 


Mor. Lodge to Williamson. Am I to return you the two packets, 
or wait an opportunity to forward them? [Jbid. No. 218.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Prince Robert’s farthings are much 
talked of and desired, and it is reported that Parliament intends to 
set a fine upon al] farthing and halfpenny coiners. A pleasure boat 
has sailed from the Downs, bound for Calais, to fetch the Duke of 
Lenox. [Ibid. No. 219.] 


Thos. Adamson to Rob, Francis. I hope you and your lady will 
not forget former acquaintance, as I am coming to town, and shall 
wait upon you, and bring my friend Mr, Widdrington with me. 
[Lbid. No. 220.] 


586 DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


1669. 
Nov 2: Commissioner Thos. Middleton to the Navy Commissioners. I 
Chatham. return a demand from Deptford; 60 loads of Mason’s timber 
arrived, and is very good; he bas 200 loads more, besides the 400 
formerly mentioned; you may choose what you like, and I think 
you will do well to accept it; leather buckets are not needed. 
Particulars of the treenails in -stores at the last survey; a 
supply of bells is wanted. [24 pages. SP, Dom., Car. II. 267, 
No. 221.] 


Nov. 21. Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. Not hear- 

Chatham. jing from you as to lending the Black Dog hoy to Mr. Gould, I have 
despatched her to Deptford. I send the appraisement of the 
Defiance wreck, and intend to put her up for sale on Thursday 
next. [Ibid. No. 222.] Enclosing, 


Certificate by Wm. Rand and 3 others, that the wreck of the 
Defiance in the Medway as she lies is worth 2551.—20 Nov, 
1669. [Ibid. No. 2221.] 


Nov. 21. Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. Vindication of my 
Portsmouth. proceedings as a master shipwright; I defy my greatest enemies to 
speak the contrary. Finding you have fears of my fidelity, if they 
continue, I had rather lay down my charge than break my peace, 
it being of great injury to have my reputation in disdain, when my 
study has been to preserve it. IfI have erred, show me my error. 
The Roebuck is graved, her new mainmast set, and her other 
works will be done by Wednesday, but she has no order for provision, 
nor any beer brewed, which will delay her. The new ship is bolted, 
but needs plank, and the Glowcester’s top timbers are all in. With 
note that the Board resolved to chide him severely for this letter ; 
but he having come to town, they did it viwd voce. [2 pages. 
Ibid. No. 223.] 


Nov. 21. Capt. Geo. Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. What time 
The Roebuck, shall we receive pay for? Mr. Steventon, clerk of the cheque, 
Portsmouth. says our pay,books must be made several from year to year, and 
if so, they require 24 books. I will send you a general book 
by the next post, and prepare the others. The work goes forward 
on board, and I hope to be well fitted shortly. Capt. Ansley would 
have me take in 3 months’ beer, but I only desire 2, as we shall 
have a great deal of dry provisions, our complement being enlarged. 
Let the beer be in iron-bound casks, being most convenient for our 

voyage. [Zbid. No, 224.] 1 


Nov. [21.] The King to George, Duke of Albemarle. You are to give order 
Courtat that Capt. Fras. Rainsford, lieutenant to Sir John Robinson’s com- 
Whitehall. pany in the Tower, be allowed to muster one man in each of the 

three companies, in consideration of the good services done, and to 
be done, by him as deputy-lieutenant, [Zbid. No. 225.] 


[Nov. 21.] Draft of the above, [Jbid. No. 226.] 


[Noy. 21.] The King to the Dean, &c., of St. Paul’s. We recommend Dr. Fras. 
Turner, chaplain to the Duke of York, to the place residentiary 


CHARLES II. 587 


1669. 
now void by death of Dr. Rob. Pory, and request you to postpone 
the election till Dr. Turner has fitted himself to be chosen, accord- 
ing to statute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 112.] 


Nov. 21. Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 267, No. 227.] 


[Nov. 21.] Warrant for a grant to Edward, Earl of Sandwich, of 2,2007. yearly 

Whitehall. from Wardrobe moneys, in lieu of the fees, &¢., of the office of Keeper 
of the Great Wardrobe, and disposal of the house and tenements of 
the said office, granted in his patent of office, but suspended since 
Michaelmas 1667, from which date the grant takes place. [2 pages. 
Ibid. No, 228.] 


Nov. 21. Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 176.] 


[Nov. 21.] Warrant fora grant to the burgesses, &c., of Llanvilling, co. Mont- 
Whitehall. gomery, of incorporation. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 267, No. 229.] 
Annexing, 


Heads of the charter desired by the said burgesses, confirming 
their former charters, with a few alterations and additions ; 
giving the names of the present bailifs and 15 burgesses, 
&e. [Ibid. No. 2291.] 


Nov. 21. Minute of the above warrant. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, 
p. 177.) 


Docquet of the above, dated 22 Dec. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 121.] 


Nov. 22. The King to Lord Chief Justice Kelynge. Several Frenchmen 
having been committed to Hertford Gaol, on suspicion of a robbery 
near Hatfield, you are to order writs to the sheriff of Hertfordshire 
to deliver them to the sheriffs of London and Middlesex, in order to 
a speedy and fair trial. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 38.] 


Nov. 22. Thos. Holden to Hickes. Several ships have arrived from Bor- 

Falmouth. deaux; 60 sail came out together, some of whom have got to 
Plymouth. They speak of a street or two more having to be 
pulled down there, to finish the new citadel; the citizens are 
against the building of it, and wish it would all fall down, as 
part of it did, at which they all rejoiced. The part fallen will 
cost many thousand pounds to rebuild, and that which is finished 
has 30 guns planted upon it. We hear by some ships from the 
Downs, bound for France, of the arrival of some merchant ships 
in the Downs from the Straits, which in the night, shot many 
guns, and reported, as the cause, that Sir Thos. Allin had taken 
4 Turkish men-of-war, and sunk 2 others. The Cherry Tree of 
Horne, with salt, wine, and brandy, has come in from the Lizard, 
having sprung her mast. There are 200 or 300 Dutchmen in 
Bordeaux river, proffering to freight [wine] for 6 livres per tun, but 
cannot get it. [1} pages. S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 267, No. 230.] 


Nov. 22. Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Arrival of ships from Bordeaux, 

Deal. Nantes, Gallipoli, and Zante; they report that the French King is 

preparing and fitting all his great ships, and that they have great 
expectations in the Straits. [/bid. No. 231.] 


588 


1669. 
Nov. 23. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 28. 


Harwich. 


Nov. 23. 
Plymouth. 


Nov. 23. 


Nov. 23. 


Nov. 23. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 23. 


Navy Office. 


Nov. 24. 
Chatham. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Queen’s frigate left the 
harbour, and will sail this afternoon from Spithead for the Thames. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 267, No. 282. | 


Silas Taylor to Williamson. A gentleman from Holland, who 
has been in most of the principal towns there, found them very 
apprehensive of a war with France; to that end they were enter- 
taining officers for the forming of regiments, to whom they gave a 
considerable advance of money, on security to pass so many men 
to an appointed place by muster. He observed the people to be 
generally very poor, and the treasury rich, by the tax in the late 
war, which is to continue some years. Trade is not so brisk as 
formerly ; the principal ships originally furnished with iron guns 
have had them changed into brass, and several great ships have 
been built. The Harwich packet-boats are expected. I have not 
yet received any of your private intelligence. With note by Hickes 
to Williamson, to order its weekly supply to Taylor, as well as to 
Portsmouth, Lyme, Weymouth, Plymouth, and Falmouth. [Jbid. 
No. 233.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. The Bordeaux fleet, with the Dutch and 
French ships, have sailed up the Channel. A ship with masts from 
Norway, and another from a place unknown, have come in. [Ibid. 
No. 234.] l 


Warrant for 1007. out of the privy seal dormant to Capt. 
Lawrence van Heemskerk, as the King’s free gift. Minute. 


[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 177.] 


Licence for Sir Philip Monckton, Bart., High Sheriff for York- 
shire, to live out of his county. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 31, f. 38.] ; 


Roger Eastwood to the Navy Commissioners. We are in hand 
with the fitting of the rigging-house, and want 400 deals. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. II. 267, No. 235.] 


Certificate by John Godwin, that Rich. Spranger, purser of the 
Charity, has no account depending in this office, the ship being 
taken by the Dutch on 3 June 1665. [Zbid. No. 236.] Annexed, 


Certificates by Thos, Lewis, as to credits given to Rich. Spranger 
upon his victualling accounts; with orders by the Navy 
Commissioners to Thos. Lewis thereon, to deliver wp 
Sprangers bond.—19 Nov. 1669. [Lbid. No. 2361] 


Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. The day 
appointed for sale of the Defiance wreck would not have been so 
soon, had you not desired her sale before the Surveyor went from 
hence ; shall I put it off till 1 Dee.? If you will send down the 
money for payment of the two months due to the workmen, Gregory 
will be ready with his books. Let the treasurers be ordered to pay 
the pressed calkers’ arrears due in 1668, it being a small sum. I 
ordered the sawing out of fir timber for laying a part of the second 
gun deck of the new ship, not being well assured of getting spruce 
deals. The Surveyor and I treated with the blockmaker, but could 


1669. 


Nov. 24. 


Deptford. 


Nov. 24. 


Nov. 24. 


Whitehall. 


Nov. 24. 


Court at 


Whitehall. 


Nov. 24. 


Falmouth. 


Nov. 24. 


Milford. 


CHARLES II. 589 


come to no conclusion, he demanding 260/.; Edghill, blockmaker 
of Deptford, asks 220/., and I believe he will do the work as well 
and as cheap as any, and may abate something of that price. 

I shall follow your instructions concerning the boatswain of the 
Dunkirk, and the persons that bought the embezzled goods, and 
acquaint the companies of the Francis and Lion fireships, of your 
care for their pay. Mr. Usley has tendered 10 loads of plank at 
4l. 5s. a load, and some spruce deals at 10s. each; I desire your 
pleasure therein. Let the Treasurers imprest 200/. to Gregory, for 
paying him and others that we have bought goods of, the 3007. 
being nearly paid away ; we were forced to use 20/. of that money 
towards the charges of bringing in Sir Roger Twisden’s timber. 
They are gone down with one chest to Mussell Bank, which will be 
the last we shall use here. Reed may be had here for 25s. per 1,000, 
or 27s. if they have to go to London for the money. [2 pages. 
S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 267, No. 237.] 


F. Hosier to the Navy Commissioners. Two bills of Mr. Foley’s 
for spikes supplied were brought me, and I signed them with the 
rest of the officers, though contrary to reason; ordinary spikes are 
included with extra, and both cast up at the same rate, although by 
his contract, he is allowed less for the ordinary than the extra; by 
that means he gains 19/. 10s. more than his due. I let the bill 
pass, that I might beg your advice, as should I endeavour to hinder 
the officers, I should reap much envy and trouble. [lbid. No. 238.] 


Licence for John Hall, High Sheriff of Wiltshire, to live out of his 
county. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, p. 38.] 


Petition of Arthur, Earl of Anglesey, Treasurer of the Navy, to 
the King. I think it my greatest misfortune to have fallen under 
your Majesty’s displeasure, though not doubting that it will prove 
on examination to be undeserved. I will keep from the least 
suspicion of unfaithfulness, and beseech a restoration of your good 
opinion. As you were pleased, on my suspension from oftice a year 
ago, to declare that I should not lose to the value of 3d. in my fees, 
I beg an order to receive the profits due on payment made for the 
Navy, since 2 Nov. 1668, as a pledge that your Majesty has not 
cast me off. With order thereon granting the petition. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 83, p. 82.] 


Dratt of the above reference; with note by Williamson that the 
order was drawn and corrected by the Lord Keeper. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 267, No. 239.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. To the same effect as his letter to 
Hickes of the 22nd. I beg you to inform me privately when 
Parliament will raise money on any particular commodity. 
[12 pages. Ibid. No. 240.] 


John Powell to Hickes. The Jeremiah of Bristol, bound for 
Bilbao, the St. Anne of Bordeaux for Chester, and the Friendship 
of London from Malaga, have put in by contrary winds. Pray 
forward the enclosed, and I will pay the postage, [Zbid. No. 241.] 


590 


1669. 


Nov. 24. 
Deal. 


Nov. 24. 
Lyme. 


Nov. 24. 


Yarmouth, 


Nov. 24. 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 25. 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 25. 


Nov. 25. 


Portsmouth. 


[Nov. 25.] 


a NOVO: 


London. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. Upwards of 60 vessels, mostly laden 
with wine from France and Spain, have sailed for London. Some 
letters report that Lord Howard is a prisoner under Taffaletta. A 
Dutch man-of-war has come in, who had 4 ships in convoy in the 
Straits, but meeting with 4 Turks, all the men left the merchant 
ships, and came aboard the man-of-war. The Turks fought the 
man-of-war, killed many men, and wounded 40, and carried away 
the merchant ships. [S.P. Dom., Car. JI. 267, No. 242.] 


Ant. Thorold to Hickes. The Charity of London has arrived 
from the Canaries. She left 5 Londoners there, and reports that 
Sir Thos. Allin has taken 5 Turkish prizes, and that the vintage 
there is very bad. I have not received the news letters. With 
note by Hickes to Williamson, that he has had two complaints of the 
want of written news within a fortnight, namely from Ma. Anderton 
and [Silas] Taylor, and blames the clerks for it. [Zbid. No. 243.] 


Leo. Bower to Williamson. Ten ships laden with herrings are 
waiting a fair wind to sail for the Straits, and others will soon be 
ready. [Jbid. No. 244.] 


Order in Council, on the petition of James Rodd, sheriff of Devon, 
for Lord Arlington to prepare a warrant authorising the petitioner 
to reside in Exeter during his shrievalty, he having dwelt there for 
many years. [Jbid. No. 245.] 


Reference to the Treasury Commissioners of the petition of 
Capt. Langston and Rich. Sadlington, for a lease of some tenements 
whereof King James granted a 60 years’ lease, now almost expired, 
value 1602. a year. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 83.] 


Order in Chancery, in the cause of Rich. Warren and Judith 
Shapton, on behalf of Jerome Smith, lunatic, v. Ambrose Benet, that 
the defendant deliver to the plaintiffs, as having charge of the 
lunatic, all goods, money, a diamond locket, deeds, evidences, &c., 
relating to the lunatic, and that the objections to Benet’s accounts 
be immediately put in. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 268, No. 1.] 


ee Salesbury to Williamson. There is no news to send. [Jbid. 
o. 2.] 


Petition of Sir And. Riccard, and 19 other merchants trading for 
Sicily and other islands thereabouts, to the King, for appointment 
of Martin Wilkinson, resident in Sicily, as consul of the islands 
of Sicily, Malta, and Lipari, now destitute of a fit person, consuls 
being appointed in otber places, for the better advancing and 
securing the commerce of this kingdom. [20 signatures. Ibid. 


No. 2A.] 


Earl of Winchelsea to Williamson. I spoke to Lord Arlington 
about making Wilkinson consul in those parts; he bade me inquire 
from you whether the place was disposed of, and if not, he should 
have it. I shall dine with Lord Arlington to-morrow ; could you 
meet me there? If not, send a letter to the porter of Esser House 
for me. The office is but of little value, and he is the fittest person 
for it. [14 pages. Ibid. No. 2B.] 


1669. 
Nov. 25. 
The Roebuck, 
Portsmouth, 


Nov. 25. 


Harwich. 


Nov. 25. 
Deptford. 


Nov. 26. 
` Victualling 
Office. 


Nov. 26. 
Colchester. 


Nov. 26. 
‘Dec. 6. 
Recollects 
Convent, 
Ypres. 
Nov. 26. 
Plymouth. 


Nov. 26. 


Treasury 
Chambers. 


Noy. 26. 


CHARLES II, 591 


Capt. Geo. Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. I am making 
up the books, as directed by Mr. Steventon, being 6 for each year. 
The ship is forward in being fitted, and there shall be no neglect on 
zy a in getting things despatched. [S.P. Dom., Car. LI. 268, 

0. 3. 


Nicholas Weymouth, master of the Black Post Horse hoy, to the 
Navy Commissioners. I was put into Harwich by stress of weather, 
but will sail the first wind. [Jbid. No. 4.] 


Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. We have no need of 
the calkers who are to be cleared at Chatham, and I judge it is the 
same at Woolwich; we can spare 6 of the 13 we have here for 
2 months, [Jbid. No. 5.] 


Sir Denis Gauden to [the Navy Commissioners]. I will do what 
I can to provide and ship victuals for 1,800 men for 2 months, for 
Sir Thos. Allin’s fleet, but I cannot say when they will be ready, 
unless I have money to provide them, being so far exhausted by 
disbursements that I cannot do what I have done, and would 
readily do again, to promote the service. [Copy, the original being 
sent to his Royal Highness. Ibid. No. 6.] 


Margaret Bland to Williamson. Though a stranger to you, yet 
believing “you combine goodness with greatness, nothing was 
so prevailing with me in bestowing my dearest child upon your 
kinsman, as his relation to you, being persuaded that you much 
resembled your elder brother in heaven, the blessed Jesus, who cast- 
ing an eye of love upon a disciple that was taking destructive 
courses, made him good and penitent in an instant. I hope there- 
fore that you will once more cast a favourable aspect upon that 
person, who is overwhelmed with grief for the, evil he has done in 
rebelling against an honourable brother and his best friend, and 
let him have a favourable reception and be employed. This 
is the request of a desolate widow, a mourning orphan, and a 
penitent relation. More we cannot expect, and less will never 
make us happy. [Zbid. No. 7.] 


Fras. Crane to Rob. Francis. I must apologise for sending so 
large a packet, but being at the grate with the nuns, they desired 
me to send some letters for them. [Jlbid. No. 8.] 


John Clarke to Williamson. A ship has arrived from the 
Canaries, and one from France. [Zbid. No. 9.] 


Sir Geo. Downing to Williamson. The Treasury Commissioners 
desire you will inform Lord Arlington that Lord Fauconberg has 
consented to the 60l. for the King’s picture being left out of his 
docquet, and that the privy seal may be made so, and then they 
will sign the docquet. [Jbid. No. 10.] 


Certificate by Hen. Helton, and 6 other justices of peace of Sud- 
bury, Suffolk, to the King, that John Catesby of Sudbury, who has 
been elected town clerk and clerk of the peace for the borough, is a 
fit and proper person for the same. [Jbid. No. 11.] 


592 


1669. 


Nov. 26. 


Nov. 26. 


Nov. 26. 


Nov. 27. 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 27. 


Nov. 27. 


Deal. 


Nov. 27. 


Deal. 


Nov. 27. 


Holyrood 
House. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS, 


“ A true copy of a clause in the draft of the charter of Hull,” 
drawn by the Attorney-General, that on the death of Wm. Lister, 
the present Recorder, the King will appoint some other man, learned 
and discreet in the laws, as Recorder, to be sworn in before the 
Mayor and burgesses. [2 sheets, Latin. K.P. Dom., Car. LI. 268, 
No. 12.] 


Order in the Court of Chancery, on petition of Jerome Smith, 
that the exceptions to Sir John Coell’s report of 26 July may be 
set down to be, heard 18 Dec., the last day after this term, for 
remaining exceptions. [Jbid. No. 13.] 


Warrant for authorising Sir Hen. Palmer, Bart., of Wingham, 
Kent, to convey to Henry, Lord Arlington, the reversion and free- 
hold of the prebend manor of Tottenhall, otherwise called Totten- 
ham Court, co. Middlesex, demised by Dr. Sam. Baker, prebendary, 
on 9 July 1640, to Sir Hen. Vane and Sir Thos. Jermyn, in trust 
for the Crown, and after several demises stated, the interest remains 
with the said Sir Hen. Palmer. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 135.] 


Warrant for a confirmation to Sir Rob. Pye, owner of the estate, 
the manor, and hundred of Farringdon, extending into the towns of 
Great and of Little Farringdon, and into other towns and tithings, 
formerly belonging to Beaulieu monastery, co. Hants, of sundry 
privileges royal and jurisdictions therein, as the holding of courts, 
view of frankpledge, assize of bread, election of constables, waifs 
and strays, treasure-trove, felons’ goods, &c., as amply as held by 
former possessors thereof. [Zbid. f. 186.] 


Licence for Sir Geo. Lane to come over and stay [in England] 
during the King’s pleasure. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 40.] 


Mor. Lodge to Williamson. I delivered the two packets, one for 
Sir Thos. Allin and the other for Sir Edw. Spragg, to the com- 
mander of the Rose and Crown, which has sailed from the Downs 
this night. The news-letters promised do not sometimes arrive for 


2 or 3 weeks. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 268, No. 14.] Annexing, 


Receipt by Thos. Ward, commander of the Rose and Crown, 
for the said two packets.—Nov. 1669. [Ibid. No. 141.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. The wind having shifted, 20 ships 
have sailed westward, but 7 from Yarmouth, laden with herrings, 
bound for the Straits, ride fast to make up the fleet ; one convoy 
is come in, and another of the King’s ships is expected, to see them 
to their ports. [Zbid. No. 15.] 


Karl of Lauderdale to Williamson. Thanks for your constant 
care in sending news-letters and extracts; I beg a continuance of 
them. What passes here is not worth sending, but I forwarded 
you a printed copy of the Act asserting the King’s supremacy in 
ecclesiastical matters, and also an Act for the militia. We are at 
a stand as to the Union, because the English Parliament has not 
yet taken it into consideration. I will do what I can to forward 


the motion, and what is done Sir Ro. Murray shall report. [Zbid. 
No. 16.] 


1669. 


“Nov. 27. 
Fanfan, 
Downs. 


Nov. 27. 
Chatham. 


‘Nov, 27. 


Nov. 27. 
Ordnance 
Office, 


Nov. 27. 


Sapphire, 
Downs. 


Nov. 27. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 28. 


Portsmouth. 


79380, 


CHARLES II. 593 


Capt. Jobn Kelsy to the Navy Commissioners. Pray accept a 
bill for 5l. to Wm. Harper of Deal, for a boat 18 feet long, we having 
towed the stem out of our own boat, in making sail after a French 
shallop off Dungeness; the boat being big, was at the stern, we 
having no room for it on deck. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 268, No. 17.] 


Thos. Tunbridge and John Chapman to [Middleton and Cox]. 
The erection of a building on the vacant ground lying between 
the storehouses, uniform to the others, with provisions and work- 
manship, will amount to 1,942/., and the new making of the 
wharf by the side of the storehouses to 9007. [Zbid. No. 18.] 


M. Wren to the Navy Commissioners. You must see to the 
victualling of the Roebuck; being ordered upon a service which 
requires all possible haste, she is to be in the Downs by Thursday. 
[Zbid. No. 19.] 

Edw. Sherburne and Jonas Moore to the Navy Commissioners. 
We desire to know whether you have not already cleared and paid 
Capt. Giles Bond, of the Harwich hoy, for all wages and victuals 
while employed in 1665 weighing the guns of the London, he 
having obtained a verbal order from his Royal Highness to the 
Ordnance Commissioners for 77l. 15s. for victuals for pressed men, 
[Zbid. No. 20.] 

Capt. John Pearce to the Navy Commissioners. We want a cable 
and foresail, having strained our best bower cables and had our 
head almost washed away, off the Kentish Knock. [Jbid. No. 21.] 


St. J. Steventon and Hugh Salesbury to the Navy Commissioners. 
We must vindicate ourselves against the charge made by one Lucas 
of this place, of our embezzling stores for the use of a ship of ours. 
We have no part in the ship, but at request of the owners, who 
were in London, we provided some spruce deals of Sir Wm. Warren’s, 
and some plank, &c., from Chris. Coles. Some time after the vessel 
was launched, Lucas went to Mr. Salesbury in the Custom House, 
and abused him very greatly; the noise coming to the ears of 
the neighbours and the guard, they came and parted them, and have 
given evidence on oath of the affront and injury done to Salesbury, 
which Lucas repeated ; thereupon complaint was made to the justices, 
whereof Mr. Steventon is one, who with the rest, committed Lucas 
to the common gaol, until he found securities for his good behaviour ; 
these he has since forfeited, by coming to the Town Hall in a 
tumultuous manner, and there, before the Mayor and others, saying 
we had stolen a mast out of the King’s stores for the vessel ; upon this 
we have arrested him, and it is our following him by proceedings at 
law that makes him accuse us so unjustly. [2 pages. Ibid. No, 22.] 


Roger Eastwood to the Navy Commissioners. I send an account 
of deals bought by Commissioner Tippetts, the greater part of 
which were used on board the St. Michael. I suppose we have 300 
left, which if we should use, the joiners would want them for the 
ships in hand. We will lay the floor of the rigging-house this 
week, and endeavour to fit it as soon as we can. I have sent to 
Mr. Coles about the plank, and to [South] Hampton and Cowes 
about tar and deals. [Zbid. No. 23.] 

PPP 


594 


1669. 
Nov. 28. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Capt. George Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. I sent a general 


The Roebuck, hook, and have begun the pay books according to Mr. Steventon’s 


Portsmouth 
Harbour. 


Nov. 28. 
Chatham. 


Nov. 28. 


Nov. 28. 


Nov. 28. 
Portsmouth. 


Nov. 29. 


Yarmouth, 


Nov. 29. 
Deal. 


directions, which will be finished by Tuesday, when I will send 
copies. I have received his Royal Highness’s orders to sail, and 
shall make all despatch. Let my victuals be good, for upon every 
victualling for the last 12 months, they have been very bad. I 
have been forced to throw overboard above 1 ewt. of cheese, not fit 
to eat, and I had 7 or 8 ewt. of bread, musty and damaged, which I 
sent ashore to the victualler, who would not meddle with it. Leta 
survey be made upon it, that I may get an allowance for that and 
other provisions, not fit to be spent, as it is a great loss to me. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 268, No. 24.] 


Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. I will put 
up bills for sale of the Defiance on 8 Dec.; I have disposed of the 
Minion to Capt. Sartan. He would forego his bargain, now he has 
seen the sails and other things belonging to her, but I told him he 
cannot be released of it; he desires he may not have the trouble of 
bringing the money to London, but pay it here. 

The spruce deals arrived, and I will buy Mr. Lewsley’s, but shall 
want more for the new ship and the Newcastle. I have done at the 
Mussle Bank, and shall begin at Gillingham. Mr. Gregory has not 
been furnished with the 1501. demanded by Capt. Moorecock and 
Mr. Moore, and requires a supply for the carriage of Sir Roger 
Twisden’s timber, and for discharging men from the wrecks. Shall 
I discharge the pressed calkers, or send them up to Deptford? The 
Macklrer and Black Post Horse have arrived; what am I todo with 
them when unlivered? Have you any need of the horse boat? 
[2 pages. Ibid. No. 25.] Enclosing, 


Agreement with Capt. Stephen Sartan, for purchase of the 
Minion wreck for 181. [Zbid. No. 251.] 


Dispensation for Sir Sam. Jones, High Sheriff of Oxfordshire, to 
repair to London, or elsewhere, as he thinks fit. Minute. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 136.] 


Information in the King’s Bench Court, in the case of the King v. 
Rob. Wright and others of the County Palatine of Chester, for 
assembling in Tarvin parish, and riotously attacking an enclosure 
near Kellinrough, alias Brer[eton] Castle, near Delamere Forest, 
and breaking down a stone wall belonging to Rich. Glent, husband- 
man. [Latin. S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 268, No. 26.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Has no news to send. [Jbid. 
No. 27.} 


Leo. Bower to Williamson. Eight ships have sailed for the 
Straits, and 10 or 12 more are ready to follow. I beg the delivery 
of an enclosure to my father. [Zbid. No. 28.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. A Hamburg boy has run aground 
between Deal and Sandwich. The ships in the Downs ride secure, 
notwithstanding the violent storm and rain last night. [Jbid. 
No. 29.] 


1669. 
~ Nov. 29, 


Pendennis. 


< Nov. 29. 


Downs. 


Nov. 29. 
‘The Roebuck, 
Portsmouth 
Harbour. 


Nov. 30. 


-< Nov. 30. 


Victualling 
5 Office. 


Nov. 30. 
Victualling 
Office. 


_ Noy. 30. 


Nov. 30, 


3 Nov. 30. 
Nov. 30. 


Nov. 30. 


CHARLES II. 595 


Fras. Bellott to Williamson. Arrival and departure of ships. I 
have several times received papers from you directed to Mr. Powell, 
Pendennis, but we have no such person here. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 
268, No. 30.] 


Capt. John Pearce of the Sapphire to the Navy Commissioners. 
I desire a cable of 14 inches, with a fore course. We have begun 
to eat our sea provisions. [Zbid. No. 31.] 


Capt. George Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. I have sent 
some pay books, and -will forward the remainder to-morrow. I am 
proceeding with the fitting, and hope to get to Spithead by Thurs- 
day. [Jbid. No. 32.] 


Fr. Sprigg to Thos. Hayter. Acquaint the Navy Commissioners 
that the order for victualling the Roebuck has been sent to Ports- 
mouth. [lbid. No. 33.] 


Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. I sent an order 
for victualling the Roebuck, and it will be shortly effected. [Zbid. 
No. 34.] 


Same to the Same. Having lately had assurance of a speedy 
supply of money, the beef and pork for 1,800 men for 2 months, 
under the command of Sir Thos. Allin, will be ready to ship 
this week; and if not impeded by want of money, the other 
provisions may all be shipped by 14 December, for which vessels 
must be provided. [Ibid. No. 35.] Encloses, 

Estimates of the tonnage of dry provisions for victualling 
1,800 men, and for 4 ships with [victuals for] 800 men, 
for 6 months. [Ibid. No. 351] 


Thos. Tunbridge and John Chapman to [the Navy Commis- 
sioners]. The charge for making a new wharf on the ground at the 
back of the ropehouse will amount to 2,607/., and for complet- 
ing a storehouse, 5701. [Zbid. No. 36.] 


Dispensation for Sir Chas. Lloyd, Bart., High Sheriff of Mont- 
gomeryshire, to repair into Shropshire or elsewhere. Minute. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 136.] 


Pass for 4 horses for Sieur de Overkirk.to Holland. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 177] 


Warrant to Sir John Bennet to preserve the game at Welby, 
co. Leicester, and 6 miles round. Minute. [Zbid. f. 183.] 


Caveat in favour of Father Patrick and Mr. Chiffinch, that 
nothing pass of the estate of John Lambry of Tavistock, co. Devon, 
who cut his throat, and of the estate, &c., of Denish of 
Farringdon, merchant, who hanged himself. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 32, p. 7.) 


Certificate by Sir John Frederick, J.P. of London, that Benjamin 
Benson, an alien, appeared before him, and took the oath of allegiance 
and supremacy. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 268, No. 37.] 


PP 2 


596 


1669. 


Nov. 380. 
Deal. 


Nov. 80. 


Portsmouth. 


Nov. 380. 


Harwich. 


Nov. 30. 
Plymouth. 


Nov. 30. 


Southampton. 


Nov. 30. 
Whitehall. 


Nov. 30. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. The Hamburg hoy, laden with 
oats, lead, and timber, which was cast away, is breaking up. Two 
Hamburghers who came over in her are going to serve the French 
King. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 268, No. 38.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Roebuck is ready to sail ; 
Sir Phil. Honey wood is recovering slowly. [Jbid. No. 39.] 


Silas Taylor to Williamson. Thanks for the weekly news. The 
Harwich and Dutch packet-boats have come in, also a large hoy 
bound for Denmark by that Ambassador’s order. We have had a 
great storm of wind and rain. [Jbid. No. 40.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. A French man-of-war of 24 guns came 
in from Rochelle, and sailed again for Havre de Grace ; a vessel of 
Plymouth has arrived from Jamaica. [Zbid. No. 41.] 


Wm. Miles to Williamson. I would remind you of your promise 
when at Southampton, to procure me a living. Our University 
relationship being paternal and filial, you cannot bestow it on any 
of your sons that wants it so much. My labour here is insupport- 
able, and the income very slender. [Jbid. No. 42.] 


Petition of James Pearse, Surgeon, to the King, for continuance 
for life of his salary of 10/.a month as Surgeon-General of the 
Fleet, which post he occupied at the Restoration, and in several 
voyages since, particularly in the late wars against the Dutch ; 
since the end of the Dutch war, the Commissioners and Treasurers 
of the Navy have refused to pay the salary. 

With reference thereon to the Treasury Commissioners, on con- 
sultation with the Navy Commissioners. Endorsed with a note 
that the petition and paper were read 7 Dec., postponed to 
13 Dec., and then referred to the Navy Commissioners, to consider 
whether such an officer has been formerly or is now necessary, 
and what should be allowed; and order, 25 Jan. 1670, on the 
Navy Commissioners’ report, that a warrant be passed, constituting 
the petitioner Surgeon of the Fleet, at the salary mentioned. 
[Ibid. No. 43. These endorsements are entered by mistake 
on œ letter of James Pearse of 2 Dec, No. 86, p. 601 infra] 
Annexing, 


Report of the Navy Commissioners on the above petition, 
18 Jan. 1670, that the increase of the Navy increases necessary 
charges, and that now there is frequent need of a surgeon, 
to take care of men hurt by accident, and sick men brought 
from ships ; to testify to the sufficiency of men recommended 
by the Surgeons’ Company ; and to settle the value of medica- 
ments, &e., of surgeons who die at sea. Also when fleets go 
abroad, an able surgeon is needed to provide medicaments 
suited for the diseases incident to foreign climates. They 
think however that some difference should be made between 
dy ee e s salary as surgeon when in the fleet, 
and that when on shore, which they pro 
ibid No. 4301 y propose to be 1001. 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 84.] 


1669. 
[Nov.] 


[Nov. ] 


Nov. 


Nov. 


Nov. 


Nov. 


Nov. 


Nov. 


Nov. 


Nov. 


Nov. 


Nov. 


CHARLES II. 597 


Petition of Rich. Freeman to Lord Arlington, a Governor of 
Sutton’s Hospital, for redress. Was admitted to the said hospital 
on 2nd Nov. but his certificate postponed; on again applying for 
it, found that though he was registered and entered, the place was 
given, by illegal combination, to a nominee of the Queen Mother, 
who was not of age for admission, and who had forfeited his 
privilege by non-appearance. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 268, No. 44.] 


The King to Attorney-General Palmer. The late King, on 1 July 
1630, granted Denmark House, alias Somerset House, with all its 
goods, chattels, furniture, &c., to the late Queen Mother; on her 
decease, by warrant of 1 Oct. 1669, you were ordered to prepare 
a grant of it to the present Queen Consort; in that grant you 
are to include all the goods, chattels, household stuff, &c., men- 
tioned in 2 books of inventories thereof formerly taken. [Jbid. 
No. 45.] 


Docquet of the above grant, including therein 24 tenements 
adjoining, the upper houses and the tennis court. [Docquet, 
Vol. 24, No. 114.] 


Warrant to pay to Wm. Ashburnham, cofferer of the house- 
hold, 100,000/. on account, for the expenses of the year ending 
Sept. 1670, and 10,0001. for interest on moneys borrowed. [Jbid. 
No. 105.] 


Presentation of Thos. Rous, M.A., to the vicarage of Holbeton 
co. Devon, void by the death of Wm. Phillips. [Zbid. No. 106.] 


Warrant to discharge Sir John Langham, Bart., of Cottesbrook, 
co. Northampton, of 1,095/. payable for his dignity of baronet. 
[Lbid. No. 108.] 


Warrant to pay to Lord Fauconberg 1,0007. for his expenses in 
his way to Venice; also 60/. for the King’s picture at length; both 
without account. [Jbid.] 


Warrant to pay to Wm. Clayton, musician in ordinary, in place 
of Edw. Coleman deceased, 401. yearly. [Jbid. No. 109.] 


Warrant to the Master of the Great Wardrobe for the allowance 
of a livery of 16l. 2s. 6d. to Wm. Clayton. [Ibid] 


Grant during pleasure to George Smyth, on surrender by Samuel 
Trist, of the place of serjeant-at-arms; fee 3s. a day and 2s, 6d. 
board wages. [Jbid.] 


Warrant to pay to the Earl of Ancram 1,0007. without account, 
out of the profits of the tin formerly cast away before Ostend. 
[Ibid. No. 110.] 


Grant to Silvester Dennis, merchant, on surrender of Eleanor 
Villiers, daughter of the late Sir Edw. Villiers, of the yearly rent 
of 5007. from the moiety of the profits of the New River, on deter- 
mination of a former grant thereof for 41 years to John Buckworth, 
merchant. [Jbid. No. 111.] 


598 


1669. 
Nov. 


Nov. 
Nov. 


Nov, 


[Nov.] 


[Nov.] 
Nov. 


Nov. 


Nov. 


Nov. 


[Nov.] 
Oxford, 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Grant to Edw. Philipps of pardon for all felonies and robberies 
committed before 1 April last. [Docguet, Vol. 24, No. 112.] 


Grant to Major John Haslewood of the household goods belong- 
ing to the late Sir Arthur Haselrigg, Bart., vested in his Majesty 
because of his being excepted out of the Act of Oblivion. [Zbid. 
No. 113.] 


Grant to Sir Edmond Turner and Phil. Marsh, on surrender of 
Charles, Lord Cornwallis, and John Dawes, of the office of Surveyor 
of the Customs in the out ports. [Zbid. Wo. 114.] 


Constitution of John Trelawney to be Commissioner for Appeals 
for regulating the duty of excise, salary 2007. a year. [Jbid.] 


Application for a warrant, granting to Sir Edm. Wyndham the 
goods and chattels of Henry Ellis, alias Sutler, who has been found 
by a coroner’s inquest to have committed suicide by drowning. 
Ellis being a tenant of Sir Edm. Wyndham’s, his goods have 
become forfeited to him as Lord of the Manor of Tale, Payhem- 
bury parish, co. Devon; but as some one may sue for the same 
in the name of the King, as Lord Paramount, to avoid all dis- 
putes, it has been agreed by Sir Edm. Wyndham to give 402. to 
the Lord Almoner, out of any benefit arising from such grant. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 268, No. 46.] 


List of the 48 Lieutenants of London, 7 of whom—among which 
is Sir Sam. Sterling, Lord Mayor—are to be of the quorum. [Jbid. 
No, 47.) 


Particulars of sums of money to be deducted for overcharge, 
out of bills passed to Mr. Foley for ironwork, between April and 
Nov. 1669; total, 54l. 1s. 83d. [24 pages, Ibid. No. 48.] 


Note by Rob. Mayors of timber bought by him, for carved work 
for a new ship building at Deptford, at 39s. 6d. a load, ready money. 
[Tbid. No. 49,] 


The “orderly at Portsmouth” to Commissioner Tippetts. Our 
provision is old, salted meat, and part of it stinking; we have had 
no fresh or perfectly sweet meat for 18 months, and no necessary 
money for ten months. We beg better provisions, and better 
payment of our money, Signed by Rob, Small and 3 others 
[Lbid. No. 50,] 


Levant Company to Consul [Benj.] Lannoy. We have reinstated 
Martin Loe as factor marine, in the place of [Wm.] Frampton, 
deceased, he having promised punctual compliance for the future, 
and given security, and he is now ready to depart. As Loe is 
obliged to keep the houses in repair, we desire you to see that they 
have been left so by Frampton; and if not, that they are put in 
repair out of his estate, and kept so by his successors for the future, 
[Levant Papers, Vol. 5, p. 227.) 


Epicedia, or Elegies composed by members of the University of 
Oxford, on the death of Henrietta Maria, Queen Mother. [ Latin, 


1669. 


Nov. 
Deal. 


Dee. 1. 


Dee. 1. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


Dec. 1. 
Dee. 1. 


~ CHARLES II. 599 


Greek, and Arabic. Printed. 64 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. IT, 268, 
No. 51.] 


Lists sent by Morgan Lodge to Williamson, of King’s and 
merchant ships in the Downs, and the state of the wind. 


ca Date. | King’s, Mer Wind. Eo Date, |King’s. Mor Wind. 
52 Nov. 1 2 10 — 64 Nov. 14 ] L | N.N.W. 
53 ay 2 2 15 S.W. 65 LO 1 3 N. 
54 S S 4 16 W. 66 a 1 ie S.W. 
55 an A 2 22 | W.S.W. 67 AE V 1 1 S. 
56 PTET 2 21 | W.N.W. 68 Ls 1 — S.E. 
57 Sao 2 22 — 69 y. T9 1 — S.E. 
58 a ott 2 25 S.W. 70 ope Wei) 1 = S. 
59 A Wig {tg 28 | W.S.W. 71 ae 5 he ens = W. 
60 roa BN] 2 28 S.W. 72 w R22 1 9 | W.N.W. 
61 Ae (0) 2 28 N. 73 See! 1 14 S.W. 
62 PRO NES 29 | W.S.W 74 OT oe — | NE. 
63 S T3 2 38 W. 75 » 980 1 13 W. 


Affidavit by Isabella, wife of Capt. John Guillim, before 
Thos. Estcourt, Master in Chancery, that 3007. of her portion 
was lent to Sir Paul Pindar, Sir Job Harby, and other Farmers 
of the Customs to Charles I., and it was alleged by them to have 
been advanced upon the farm, for the repayment of which they 
bound themselves to her, she being then sole, by bond in 5001. 
penalty.. That she obtained judgment against Sir Paul Pindar in 
1650 for 5007. and costs; also in 1649 a judgment against 
Sir Job Harby for the same amount, which judgments are still in 
force, and that 2007. is still owing, besides damages, [Copy. S.P. 
Dom., Car. IT, 268, No. 76.] 


_ Petition of John Powell to the King, for a dispensation to hold 
the rectories of Lapworth, co. Warwick, and Stourmouth, co. 
Kent. I married a daughter of Dr. [Morgan] Wynn, Archdeacon 
of Lincoln, who for his loyalty in the rebellion, suffered a long 
imprisonment and sequestration, and was subsequently barbarously 
murdered by a soldier, whereby my wife was reduced to great 
extremities. I am rector of Lapworth, a small benefice in co. 
Warwick, diocese Worcester, wherein are great dilapidations, 
and in compassion for the widow of the late incumbent, he dying 
before harvest, I allowed her the whole year’s profit. With 
reference thereon to Walter, Bishop of Oxford, and his report, 
3 Dec., in favour of the petitioner, he giving security to resign 
Lapworth before the Feast of St. Michael 1671. [Zbid. No. 77.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom,, Entry Book 33, p. 84.] 


Petition of the Bristol merchants to the King and Council, for 
confirmation and enlargement of their charters for trading into the 
Levant, the Levant merchants not having appeared, as summoned, 
on the settlement of the business. Trade would be much advan- 
taged thereby, as clothiers complain greatly of having to send their 


cloth to Blackwell Hall, and of the sole contraction of the Turkey 


600 


1669. 


Dec. 1. 
Court at 
Whitehall, 


Dee. 1. 


Dee. 1. 


Pembroke. 


Dec. 1. 
Weymouth. 


Dec. 1. 
Chatham. 


Dec. 1. 


Downs. 


Dee. 1. 


Dec. 1. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


and Hamburg trade in cloth to the merchants of London, who 
often drive the Bristol merchants to sell their cloth below cost price. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 268, No. 78.] Annexing, 


Reasons offered by the said merchants in favour of their peti- 
tion, showing the great advantages it would give to trade and 
revenue, With inducements to grant it, and the regulations 
to which they propose to submit. [Ibid. No. 781.] 


Order in Council, on a petition of the Governor and Company of 
the New River, brought from Chadwell and Amwell to London, 
for the royal assent to a decree made by the Commissioners of 
Sewers, and referred 24 Nov. last to the Attorney-General—on his 
report that the 2 pipes to convey the river Lee to the New River 
should be 6 and 8 inches bore, and that the company should set up 
and maintain a turnpike at their own charge, to raise the Lee high 
enough to pass through the pipes, and that this decree should be 
recorded in Chancery—that the royal assent be given, and the decree 
committed to the Petty Bag for enrolment accordingly. [Zbid. 
No. 79.] 


Warrant to the Duke of York, to order the Navy Treasurers to 
pay 100/. to Tabitha, widow of John Parker, late captain of the 
Yarmouth frigate, for her relief. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 26, f. 69.] 


Jo. Powell to Williamson. These parts afford no news. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. IT, 268, No. 80.] 


John Pocock to Hickes. A ship built in Holland, belonging to — 
the French King, laden with masts from Norway, has sailed for 
Brest., A Newfoundland vessel has arrived from Oporto, and re- 


ports that fish sells low in Portugal; another has come in from 
Bordeaux. [Lbid. No, 81.] 


Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. I have 
received the imprest bills for Mr. Gregory. I will hasten away the 
Macklier and Black Post Horse, when the timber is delivered. As 
the 2 months’ pay for the workmen of the yard will not be here 
till the end of the week, I will wait on you on Friday or Saturday. 
[Zbid. No. 82.] 


Capt. John Pearce to the Navy Commissioners. I have not 
received the cable or sail; as we entered into sea victuals on 
22 Nov., we could take in more if ordered. Here are 12 sail of 
herring men, and 9 more to come from Yarmouth. [Zbid. No. 83.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to [the Navy Commissioners]. Mr. Eastwood 
not being at home, I went myself to view Mr. Coles’ timber, and 
marked out what is fit for the service, but I did not contract, 
Commissioner Tippetts being absent. The price is 4d. 2s. a load, 
which is very reasonable for such good timber. I desire speedy 
directions, there being very great want of it. [Ibid. No. 84.] 


Thos. Turner to Thos. Hayter. Pray procure a warrant for 
half a ton of junk, to be delivered to Mrs. Chip to pick ; she served 
black oakum into the stores, when nobody else would trust, and to 


1669. - 


Dec. 2. 
Navy Office. 


Dec. 2. 


Dee. 2. 


Dee. 2. 


Portsmouth. 


Dee. 2. 


Portsmouth. 


Dee. 2. 


Dee. 2, 
Woolwich. 


Dec. 2. 


CHARLES II. 601 


her great grief, is yet unpaid. I would willingly serve her, but 
Mr. Surveyor will have only the women of Deptford to do it. 
[S.P, Dom., Car. 1I. 268, No. 85.] 


Navy Commissioners to James Pearse. It is proposed that a 
recruit of medicaments be provided for Sir Thos. Allin’s fleet, which 
is likely to stay abroad much longer than was at first foreseen. 
You are therefore to give your opinion as to what further supplies 
will be required, and as to the charge. [Ibid. No. 86. The 
endorsements on this letter belong to the petition of James Pearse, 
p. 596 supra. | 


M. Wren to the Navy Commissioners. His Royal Highness 
approves your proposal to stop part of the officers’ pay belonging 
to the Roebuck, that the voyage may be continued, and would have 
you stop as many months’ as you think fit; but if the ship is likely 
to make any stay for it, send your directions to Portsmouth by an 
express; the Sapphire sails from the Downs on Sunday, and his 
Royal Highness would have the Roebuck accompany her. [Jbid. 
No. 87.] 


H. Aldrich to Pepys. Lord Berkeley desires you will send to 
the master that builds the new ship, to know what ordnance should 
be provided for her, that they may be got ready. [Ibid. No. 88.] 


Abr. Ansley, master attendant, to the Navy Commissioners. I 
surveyed the Roebuck’s bread, and find no just cause to cast it, so 
I have left it to be spent. She will have the major part of her 
provisions aboard to-day, and sail for Spithead to-morrow. I have 
prevailed with Mr. Newland of Cowes for 3 barrels of tar for the 
Roebuck, having none in the stores. [Ibid. No. 89.] 


Roger Eastwood to the Navy Commissioners, Particulars of 
timber, tar, pitch, &c., to be had of Mr, Coles at prices named. 
[Zbid. No. 90.] 


Thos. Lewis to Thos. Hayter. I find Giles Bond, master of the 
Harwich hoy, charged with its victualling from Jan. 1665 to 
Aug. 1666, and for 44 months he had 25 men employed, I suppose 
in weighing the wrecks. He has not cleared his accounts for that 
vessel, nor for the victualling of the Hope galliot, of which he was 
likewise master. The accounts for the George and London Mer- 
chant are drawn up. [Zbid. No. 91.] 


Edw. Byland to the Navy Commissioners. I have addressed you 
several times, for necessaries for carrying on the works of the new 
ship, and hope I shall not be obstructed for want of them. I 
desire you will order Mr. Mayors to look out such timber as he can 
procure; I have made him sensible of what is wanted. If a 
speedy course is not taken for completing and launching, both her 
bilge and keel will be shifted; and being elm wood, they are subject 
to decay. [Zbid. No. 92.] 


Capt. George Liddell to the Navy Commissioners, The frigate 


The Roebuck, is fitted and ready to go to Spithead, but the provisions are not 


Portsmouth. 


ready, the meat being newly killed. I hope to have all on board 


602 


1669. 


Dec. 2. 
Resolution, 
Alicant Road. 


Dec. 2. 
The Resolution. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS, 


by Saturday, and meet the Sapphire, which is detained in the 
Downs 3 days longer. I desire the victualler may be ordered to 
pay me adze money; it was never denied till last time, and 
I shall want it for cooper’s stores. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 268, 
No. 93.] 

Sir Thos. Allin to the Navy Commissioners. Detailed particulars of 
the proceedings of the fleet, between 14 Oct. and 1 Dec. We spied a sail - 
on 19 Oct., which we cut off from getting to Algiers, so they ran under 
Montefuse and set her on fire, they getting all ashore in their boats. 
The Deptford ketch got near her, but dared not adventure to send 
a boat until all her masts were fallen down, when they attempted 
it, and beat out the fire in part, so that they could get some poor 
jack out of her, which was roasted and boiled to their hands ; they 
ventured to clap men into her, and the ketch towed her off burning ; 
but night coming on, and a hard gale of wind, we left her burning ; 
she was a small pink of 40 tons from Newfoundland. 

On 26 Nov. we got to Algiers, and I sent my boat with a white 
flag, and some letters from prisoners aboard, to the Duan, who re- 
fused to change any. I also wrote to the Consul to know how 
they used him; he answered that they gave him his liberty, and 
that the worst was that their ships had fallen in with a part of our 
Newfoundland men, taken some and burnt some, and also taken 
Capt. Beck in a pink laden with fruit. On 1 Dec. we anchored in 
Alicant road. The Portsmouth and Milford met 2 Algerines off 
Malaga, one great and one small, and took the small one; coming 
about Cape Palos, they met a small Turk that the Bristol and the 
Deptford ketch were chasing, forced him into Alicant Bay, and 
took him. 

I shall get in my beverage, and sail towards Cape Martin, 
to join Capt. Clerk, and go over to the coast of Algiers, to meet 
those pirates [going] homewards. I desire you to send some 
masts, blocks, &c., with provisions, and a person to succeed Capt. 
Caslik [Carslake ?], he being weary of his employment as keeper of 
the stores; whomever you send, he will have need of a clerk to 
keep the accounts. [4 pages. Ibid. No. 94.] 


Sir Thos. Allin to Williamson. I wrote you on 27 October, when 
Sir Edw. Spragg went from Port Mahon to his station in the 
Straits. On the 31st, I despatched the Milford and Pearl to find 
Capt. Clerk; on 2 Nov. we careened this ship, but with much diffi- 
culty. On 5 Nov, Capt. Holmes went to sea, to meet Capt. Clerk 
for orders. On the 19th, having got the Portland, Foresight, and 
Little Victory ready, we warped out, and on the 20th set sail, and 
got clear of the land, and I proposed to Capts. Hart and Hayward 
to go to Algiers before Alicant. On the 24th we chased some 
vessels, but lost them. The 26th we got into Algiers Bay, and I 
sent my yawl ashore with a white flag, and a letter to the Consul, 
offering to exchange slaves, but more desirous to gain intelligence. 

The Consul had no news of the Algiers men-of-war taken, but said 
that they had captured 12 Newfoundland men, 5 whereof were then 
in harbour; that they had burned one English ship of 24 guns, 
out of which they had saved 25 men, and had brought Beck, an 


1669. 


Dee. 2. 


Portsmouth. 


Dee. 2. 


Swansea. 


[Dec. 2.] 


Dec. 2. 


CHARLES II. 603 


Englishman, with his ship bound from Lipari to England, into 
Algiers; and that he had spoken about the exchange of prisoners 
with Alli Aga, who refused to do it. We then ranged the coast of 
Barbary as far as Oran, and stood for the Christian shore, and made 
the land about Cape Palos. 

1 Dec., I came into Alicant Road, where I met some Newfoundland 
ships, and had an account of their rencontre with the Turks, which 
is very different from that of Algiers. They agree that one English 
ship was burned and 6 taken, whereof 3 were retaken by our men. 
The death of Capt. Hubbard, killed with a small shot, was the 
greatest loss; to his over much courage the masters of the merchant- 
men impute all the disadvantage; he would not bear up an inch, 
and so deprived himself of their assistance, and them of his. The 
Portsmouth and Milford lately chased 2 Turks off Malaga, when 
the biggest took all the men out of the smallest, and escaped, the 
smaller of 8 guns being taken. They also took another of 6 guns, 
with 60 men aboard. 

Our ships under Capt. Clerk being gone towards Cape. Martin, I 
have sent for them to join me, so as to go on the coast of Barbary, to 
watch the enemy on their return home; some of them to be stationed 
off Algiers, and the others off Corcelli, where they are to call for 
information and orders, before they return home. We hear that 
16 French ships of war, commanded by M. d’Almeras, are at 
Ivica, and that on 1 Dec. he was to open his sealed orders. I hope 
they have no worse intention than against Algiers, because the 
Algerines have broken with them in several particulars, and I am 
confirmed in that opinion by the constant report that they have 
already retaken one of our Newfoundland prizes. [81 pages. 
S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 268, No. 94A.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Roebuck is fitted, and only 
waiting her seamen’s pay before she sails. [Zbid. No. 95.] 


John Man to Williamson. Walter John, a gilder of Carmarthen- 
shire, was apprehended with a bag, containing 3 or 4 ounces of 
clippings of half-crowns and shillings. The constable took him to 
the justices, and afterwards to the town prison, and chained him to 
the block there, intending to commit him to the county gaol at 
Cardiff, but he made his escape during the night. Description of 
him. [Jbid. No. 96.] 


Petition of Dame Alisimon, wife of Sir John Read, Bart., of 
Brocket Hall, co. Hertford, and widow of the Hon. Fras. Pierre- 
point, to the House of Lords, to order execution of the sentences of 
the Courts of Arches and of Delegates, for her husband to pay her 
301. a month alimony; brought him 8,000/. fortune, but he has 
used her cruelly, turned away all her servants, turned her out 
of doors, and now, to avoid the decrees against him, he hides himself, 
so that no process can issue on his house or lands. [Zbid. No. 97. 
The Lords’ Journals, Vol. XIL, p. 279, note that the petition was 
dismissed. ] 


Message from the King to the House of Commons, that he has 
discharged Sir John Griffith from his Governorship of the Fort of 


604 


1669. 


Dec. 2. 


Dec. 2. 
Whitehall. 


Dee. 3. 


Dec. 3. 


Dec. 3. 


Dec. 3. 


Dec. 3. 


Dee. 3. 
Plymouth. 


Dee. 3. 
Deal. 


Dee. 3. 
Bedford Street. 


Dec, 4. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Gravesend, finding it true that he obliged the hoys, and other vessels 
trading on the Thames, to pay certain sums of money before he 
would allow them to pass that fort. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, 
f. 186. Printed in Commons’ Journals, Vol. IX., p. 115.] 


Warrant to R. Rutter to apprehend Henry Cromwell. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 80, f. 177.] 


Certificate by Lord Arlington that Lord Fauconberg took leave 
of his Majesty 18 Nov. last, on his departure as Ambassador Extra- 
ordinary to the Republic of Venice. [Zbid.] 


Warrant for a grant, at request of St. John’s College, Cambridge, 
of licence to them to possess lands in mortmain, not exceeding 
1,000. a year, in addition to the present endowments, there being 
a great number of students with small revenue, for accommodation 
of whom some addition is needed to their present buildings. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 113.) 


Dispensation to John Powell, to hold the rectory of Stourmouth, 
Kent, with that of Lapworth, co. Warwick, giving bond to resign 
the latter at Michaelmas 1671. Minute. [Zbid.] 


Dispensation for James Zouch, High Sheriff of Surrey, to repair 
to London or elsewhere. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, 
f. 136.] 


Warrant to pay to Sir Denis Gauden, victualler of the Navy, 
60,8330. 6s. 8d. for sea victuals for 1,825,000 men (sic), to be em- 
ployed on the fleets for a year. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 115.] 


Warrant to pay to the Paymaster of the Works 3,7002. above the 
6,0007. already appointed, for rebuilding the Custom House ; also to 
allow the Farmers of Customs 6 per cent. on 1,000/., part of the 
said 6,0002. advanced by them. [Jbid. No. 116.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. Only 3 or 4 vessels put in here; they 
sailed the next day. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 268, No. 98.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. A French vessel full of men has 
come in from Amsterdam, and reports that the States have com- 
manded their subjects in France to return home, and the French to 


leave their territories. A Dutchman also come in gave the same 
report. [Jbid. No. 99.] 


J. Pearse to the Navy Commissioners. I viewed the chests of all 
the surgeons in Sir Thos. Allin’s fleet at their setting out; they 
were stored with medicines for only 6 months, and I did not judge 
it necessary they should have more, since being kept in the -hot 
holds of ships in those warm countries, their virtue is not durable. 
A recruit value 407. or 501., of those most suitable to the diseases 
the men are subject to in those countries, should be sent; shall I 
send it all in one chest, or in several, according to the number of 
men in each squadron? [Jbid. No. 100.] 


Col. Thos, Middleton and Commissioner John Cox to the Navy 
Commissioners. We have consulted together as to the many incon- 
veniences existing in the yard at Chatham, and offer 14 queries and 


1669. 


Dee. 4. 


Downs. 


Dee. 4. 


Portsmouth. 


Dec. 4. 


London. 


Dec. 4. 


Dec. 4. 
Harwich. 


Dee. 4. 


Falmouth. 


Dee. 5. 
Dee. 5. 


Dec. 5. 
Deal. 


Dec. 5. 


Portsmouth. 


CHARLES II. 605 


7 suggestions for repairs and new buildings needed, for your con- 
sideration. [3 pages. SP. Dom., Car. II. “268, No. 101.] 


Capt. John Pearce, of the Sapphire, to the Navy Commissioners. 
I received the cable and foresail, which I desired because I had to 
ride a storm near the Kentish Knock. Here is a fleet of 30 sail 
ready to leave with the first wind; I have received 4.tuns of beer 
from Dover, and shall. have the beef and pos next week. [Lbid. 
No. 102.] 


St. J. Steventon to the Navy Commissioners. The Roebuck 
sailed into St. Helen’s Road ; I presume she will be paid to-morrow, 
the paymaster and clerks having come down. [Zbid. No. 103.] 


Wm. Harrington to Col. Middleton. I cannot wait upon the 
Board, nor go to Deptford to see the delivery of my plank. I find 
that your measurers take no notice of the quarter inches, which in 
my parcel will turn to my loss above 50/. My profit in the whole 
cargo only amounts to 25/., and although something is gotten by 
other goods, the plank has eaten it up; unless you allow me these 
quarter inches, I shall be a dead loser of 25l., besides interest; by 
my first contract, the thickness was to be allowed “according to 
Dutch measure, but otherwise to be measured English.” [Zbid. 
No. 104.) 


Warrant to pay to Lord Fauconberg, Ambassador Extraordinary 
to Venice, 1,000/. for his travelling expenses to Florence. [Docquet, 
Vol. 24, No. 117.] 


Silas Taylor to Williamson. The storm on Sunday night forced 
one of the Harwich packet-boats aground near Dunwich, and broke 
her back. The master sent the mail from thence; all have deserted 
the ship. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 268, No. 105.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. Several vessels from Bordeaux and 
other places in France have come in, and put to sea again. I hear 
from a ship bound for Ireland with wine, that the King of Spain 
had sold all Flanders to the French King. [Zbid. No. 106.] 


Caveat in favour of Mr. Chiffinch, that no grant of moneys re- 
maining in the hand of Mr. Berry of Grantham on account pass 
without notice to him. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 32, p. 7.] 


Caveat that nothing pass concerning Knaresborough Forest, and 
that Mr. Bennet have notice if Fras. Good and 2 others come about 
the same. Minute. [Zbid. p. 8.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson]. Sixty merchantmen have sailed 
under convoy of the Sapphire, and there are now only 2 in 
the Downs. Thos. Williamson has gone as supercargo in the Loyal 
Bartlet, and begged to be remembered to you. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 
268, No. 107.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The paymaster and clerks 
have arrived to pay off the Roebuck, which is riding at St. Helen’s, 
to prevent her men running away. Sir Philip Honeywood goes 
for London to-morrow. [Jbid. No. 108.] 


606 


1669. 


Dec. 5. 
Roebuck, 
St. Helen’s 
Road. 


Dec. 6. 
Deptford. 


Dec. 6. 


Treasury 
Chambers, 
Whitehall, 


Dec. 6. 


. Stockwith. 


Dec. 6. 


Dee. 6. 
Whitehall. 


Dec. 6. 


| Dee.16.4 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


[ Dec. 6.] 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS, 


Capt. George Liddell to the Navy Commissioners. We went 
yesterday with the Roebuck to Spithead, and so to St. Helen’s, and I 
am sending off some part of my provisions, &e., that I may be ready 
to sail with the first wind. The clerks have come down, and I expect 
them on board to pay to-morrow, when I shall give you an account 
of proceedings, and sail to the Downs. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 268, 
No. 109.] . 

Thos, Turner and 3 others to the Navy Commissioners. We find 
on review that Foley’s spikes are intermixed, and that there are 
6 cwt. of the ordinary with the extraordinary, as mentioned by 
Mr. Hosier, which the storekeeper and clerk of the cheque acknow- 
ledge as an oversight, owing to multiplicity of business. Pray return 
the bill, that it may be newly made. Wesend you some of the ordi- 
nary spikes for examination, as they exceed the length and weight 
of the contract, but shorter ones would not serve. [Jbid. No. 110.] 


Sir George Downing to the Navy Commissioners. You are to 
come prepared about Sir Denis Gauden’s Lent and Toulon accounts 
on Monday, the Treasury Commissioners desiring the case may be 
heard in his Majesty’s presence. [Ibid. No. 111.] 


John Russell to the Navy Commissioners. Here is no timber to 
load the Mackerel and Post Horse hoys coming, and the timber at 
Bawtry lies far up on the shore, and in the town; no part of the 
wharf is clear to bring it to, but I shall desire Mr. Lester to have 
a place ready to lay it on. There is 110 loads of timber at Hull, so 
I can send the hoys there, and the Adam and Eve to Stockwith. 
I send the bill of lading of the James hoy. I have sent 591 loads 
of timber and plank to the stores and to Hull since July last ; 
87 loads have been brought from Brickland and Billhay to Stock- 
with this summer. I desire you will order money for it, and for 
payment of the land carriage. Commissioner Tippetts went for 
York on Saturday; I am to wait on him at Hull on Tuesday. 
[Zbid. No. 112.] 


Commission to Rich. Llewellin to be marshal of the Horse Guards, 
in place of the late Col. Steward Walker. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 20, p. 203.] 


Message from the King to the House of Commons, that he desires 
to adjourn the House to the beginning of February, but the state of 
affairs at home and abroad requires that the Bill for the supply 
should pass before the recess. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, f. 188.] 


Grant to Sir Fras. Leake of the place of captain and keeper of 
West Tilbury Blockhouse, Essex, fee 2s.; also of the place of day 
keeper of Gravesend Blockhouse, fee 4s. a day and 20l. a year. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 21, p. 81, and 30, f. 178.] 


Declaration of the King’s appointment of Sir Edw. Barnard, 
barrister-at-law, to the office of Recorder of Kingston-upon- Hull, 
in place of Wm. Lister, resigned, the right of nomination of the 
Recorder being reserved to the Crown, in the late charter to the 
town. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 268, No. 113.] 


Entry of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 179.] 


1669. 
Dec. 6. 


Dec. 6. 


[ Dec. 6.] 


Dee. 
Dee. 6. 


Dec. 6. 
Bodney. 


CHARLES II. 607 


Warrant to the Ordnance Commissioners to appoint trusty per- 
sons who, with the lieutenant-surveyor, clerk of ordnance, and 
keeper of stores, may survey the ordnance stores in the Tower, and 
the storehouses at Woolwich, Chatham, Upnor Castle, Windsor 
Castle, Portsmouth, Plymouth, and Kingston-upon-Hull, and give 
in an account thereof ; allowing them their diet and other necessary 
charges. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 180.] 


Warrant for a bill as follows:—The King to the Officers of 
Exchequer. James [Livingston], Earl of Newburgh, farmer on 
rent of 1,000/. a year of the profit of sealing sixpenny writs in the 
Court of Chancery, was 4,500/. in arrear of rent at Christmas 
1667, and was therefore suspended from further profits; but he 
still received 2267. 14s. 6d. up to 11 Oct. 1667, both which sums, 
and 2,023]. 5s. 6d. arrears of rent, are due up to Christmas 
next, making a total of 6,7501.; towards this 1,239/. 6s. 2d., in 
sums detailed have been’ received, as well as 1,400. paid as 
rent from Michaelmas 1668, by Wm. Adderley of Lincoln’s Inn, 
appointed receiver for a year, the remainder due being therefore 
4,110. 13s. 10d. 

But in consideration of the Earl’s losses by the taking away of 
the Court of Wards and the Star Chamber, and by the plague, and 
also of his losses by loyalty to the late King, you are to discharge 
him from payment of the said sum, or any other sums due on the 
said account. [Jbid.] 


Copy of the above. [44 pages. SP. Dom., Car. II. 268, 
No. 114.] 


Docquet of the above, dated 14 Dec. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 119.] 


Thos. Holder to Williamson. Has the Venetian Resident had any 
return from the States of Venice, with reference to Mr. Galilye’s 
business? He is dead, and has left the business to his widow, who 
is executrix; she depends on the continuance of your favour 
towards her in the matter. [S.P. Dom. Car. II. 268, No. 115.] 


John Tasburgh to Williamson. Since coming down, I have 
visited our friends in Thetford, and find things encouraging. 
Mr. Martin has written about the river, and caused a letter to be 
sent to the Recorder, whose steady adherence to them for the public 
good of the borough they will ever own; not doubting your con- 
currence and discountenance of the opposite faction, which—having 
taken advantage of Lord Howard’s absence and Martin and Clerk’s 
infirmities—endeavours to play a game destructive to his lordship 
and Lord Arlington’s interests. I told Martin of your apprehensions 
of the contrivances on foot by Kend[all] and his party, and of your 
adherence to Lord Howard and his friends. Martin will no doubt 
turn the scales, as he has the charter, and the friendship of all wise 
persons, to back him in upholding the rights of the borough, and the 
interests of the 2 noble lords and the Kecorder, and laughs at what 
the faction has done, or can do, so iong as you and the Recorder 
remain steady. 


608 


1669. 


Dec. 7. 
Plymouth. 


Dee. 7. 
Minehead. 


Dee. 7. 
Pembroke. 


Dee. 7. 
Dee. 7. 


Harwich. 


Dec. 7. 


Dec. 7. 


Dec. 7. 


Dec. 7. 


Dec. 7. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Pardon me for troubling you about my just, but defeated, teller’s 
place in the Exchequer. I rely on your and Lord Arlington’s 
favour. I think the person who steps over my head may be in- 
duced to compensate me with as many hundreds as the place is 
worth thousands, without injury to himself. I beg to introduce the 
bearer, Michael Warton, as a gentleman worthy of your acquaint- 
ance. [2 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 268, No. 116.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. I forwarded the letter for Lady Mohun 
to the deputy-postmaster of Looe. Has the box of letters I sent 
by the carrier to Mr. Ellis at the Post Office come to hand? [Jbid. 
No. 117.] 


John Maurice to Williamson. The Consent. of Bristol and the 
Joseph of Lyme have come in. They would have perished on the 
rocks but for help; they are now prosecuting their voyage to 
St. Malo. The Garland of Coombe, from Waterford, reports the 
arrival there of several vessels with wine and fruit. [Ibid. No. 118.] 


John Powell to Williamson. Arrival and departure of ships. 
[Lbid. No. 119.] 


John Powell to Hickes. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 120.] 


Silas Taylor to Williamson. The packet-boats made their return 
well, notwithstanding the foggy weather. A vessel from Sheerness 
found a flyboat belonging to Sir Wm. Warren, laden with deals 
from Norway, cast away upon the Bucksea Sand, near the Gunfleet ; — 
they had several vessels with her to assist them. [Jbid. No. 121.] 


Dispensation for Thos. Lewis, High Sheriff of Nottinghamshire, 
to repair to London or elsewhere. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 25, f. 188.] 


The King to John, Bishop of Chester. We recommend the re- 
quest of George, Lord Delamere, whose ancestors have held for 
100 years a lease now nearly expiring of the tithes of Bowden, 
co. Chester, for a renewal of the said lease for 3 lives, on reasonable 
compensation, in consideration of his acceptable services ; this mark 
of favour is not to be drawn into a precedent. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 27, f. 18.] 


The King to the Master and Fellows of Trinity Hall, Cambridge. 
Wm. Wheeler has been scholar in your house 8 years, and is capable 
of being elected Fellow. His father so suffered for loyalty as to be 
disabled from making any provision for him; we therefore request 
you to admit him to the first vacant fellowship in your house, 
except the Divinity Fellowship, to which another must be elected 
that the office of the Church may be duly supplied. [Zbid. f. 152.) 


Commission for Rob. Bringfield to be ensign in Sir Godfrey 
Lloyd’s company in Col. John Russell’s regiment of Guards. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 29, p. 35.] 


Recommendation of the petition of Thomas, Lord Windsor, for 
reimbursement of 2,0007. spent by his Majesty’s direction, to the 


1669. 


[Dec. 7.] 


Dee. 7. 


Dee. 7. 


Portsmouth. 


Dee. 8. 
Chatham. 


| [Dee. 8.] 


[Dee. 8.] 


79380, 


CHARLES If. 609 


Treasury Commissioners, to see it affixed on some branch of the 
revenue. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 85.] 


Petition of Win. Levett to the King, for payment of the pension 
of 200.. a year, with arrears, granted him by his Majesty, on a recom- 
mendation of the late King—whom he served as page of the bed- 
chamber,—given the day before his death. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 268, 
No. 122.] Annexing, 


Certificate by William, Archbishop of Canterbury, that the 
petitioner is one of the 5 persons commended by the late 
King to his present Majesty, the day before his death.— 
21 Nov. 1660. [Zbid. No. 1221] 


Reference of the above petition to the Treasury Commissioners ; 
his Majesty declaring a very gracious sense of the petitioner’s 
ancient loyalty, would be glad for something to be done for his 
relief, as far as the state of affairs will permit. [SP. Dom., 
intry Book 33, p. 85.] 


Roger Eastwood to the Navy Commissioners. Statement of the 
prices at which Mr. Newland will deliver tar, deals, oil, &., into 
the stores. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 268, No. 123.] 


Commissioner John Cox to the Navy Commissioners. The trees 
bought of Sir Roger Twysden are nearly all felled; if any stop 
should be put to the carriage of the timber, it will be a great 
hindrance to the service; so I have written to the justices, and 
intend to wait on them, to encourage the carriage, until I hear 
from you. No one appeared to buy the bottom of the Defiance. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 269, No. 1.] Encloses, 


Sir Roger Twysden and 5 other justices of the peace [of Kent] 
to Middleton and Cox. We received your letter, desiring us 
to assist in the carriage of timber bought at East Peck- 
ham and Nettlestead, and find by the Act of Parliament 
that we are not sufficiently empowered, unless there be a 
warrant from the Navy Commissioners or the Master of 
Ordnance. We desire you will send it by Thursday, we 
being all to meet on that day to expedite the business—Town 
Malling, 4 Dec. 1669. [Ibid. No. 11.] 


Report of a discussion on a question now in debate in the Univer- 
sity [of Cambridge], as to whether the beadles should be chosen, as 
has long been done, by the heads of colleges nominating two, and 
the body choosing one; showing that this is the intention of the 
statutes, chiefly compiled by Lord Burghley, 12 Eliz., and that the 
opposite mode would cause sundry inconveniences. [Zbid. No. 2.] 


Arguments on the proposed election of Wm. Worts to the place 
of Esquire Beadle to Cambridge University, to prove that the 
election rests in the body of the University, independently of the 
nomination of the masters’ of colieges. [Printed sheet. Ibid. 
No. 3. Case heard in Privy Council 17 Nov. and 8 Dec.] 

Qeg 


610 


1669. 


Dee. 8. 
Falmouth. 


Dec. 8. 


Dee. 8. 
Weymouth, 


Dee. 9. 
Deal. 


Dee. 9. 


Portsmouth. 


(Dec. 9.] 
{ Whitehall.] 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. It is reported that Capt. Godolphin, 
in the Morning Star, and 2 or 3 more, coming from N ewfoundland, 
were taken by the Turks; but this is denied by the Unity of Dart- 
mouth from Malaga, who says she left the Morning Star and 20 
sailof great ships in that road, bound for the Straits. Several ships 
have come in bound for places named. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 269, 
No. 4.] 


Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 5.] 


John Pocock to Hickes, A vessel from St. Malo reports that the 
French King is sending 8 ships to the East Indies, 2 of which are 
of 40 guns each, as a present to the King of Persia. ‘The Resolu- 
tion has arrived from the Canaries, and the Dorothy from Malaga, 
with a fleet of 25 merchantmen and convoys, which she left in the 
soundings. She confirms the death of Capt. Hubbard. [Jbid. 
No. 6.] 

Rich. Watts to Williamson. Sir Rich. Sandys, of Northbourne, 
near Deal, accidentally shot himself with his gun, while getting 
through a hedge; his man at the plough took him up, but he died 
immediately. His lady, who has been dangerously sick a long 
time, knows nothing of his accident. There are 60 merchantmen 
in the Downs outward bound. [Ibid. No. 7.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. The Roebuck continues in 
St. Helen’s Road, but as she has her despatches, she will sail this 
day for the Downs, to meet the Sapphire, who is appointed convoy 
for the Straits. [Jbid. No. 8.] 


The King to the Parliament of Scotland. We thank you for 
your advance towards the union of the kingdoms, in consenting to 
a treaty, and offering us the choice of Commissioners ; the English 
Parliament has not yet had leisure to consider the subject; in the 


meantime, you may separate when your other business is concluded. 
[Printed in Acts Parl. Scotland, Vol. VII., p. 565. Ibid. No. 9.] 


Copy of the above. [Printed. Ibid. No. 10.] 


Reference to the Dean of the chapel of the petition of Dr. Durel, 
for the King’s presentation to the rectory of Denham, co. Bucks. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 86.) 


Commission for John Thorne to be ensign to Sir John Griffith. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 20, p. 204,] 


Warrant to the Ordnance Commissioners to continue the num- 
ber of 100 gunners in the Ordnance Office, notwithstanding the 
order of retrenchment of 16 March 1668, ordering them to be 
reduced to 60 as they die off. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 80, f. 183.] 


Warrant to the Ambassador [in France, R. Montague] and Sir 
Thos. Bond, authorising them to take from a trunk of plate 
belonging to the late Queen Mother, which they have in charge, 
such plate as Mr. Montague requires to use during his service as 
Ambassador ; to be first fairly weighed, and transferred to him by 
indenture. [Zbid.] 


1669. 
[Dec. 9.] 


Dec. 9. 


Dee. 9. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


Dec. 9. 


Dee. 9. 
Victualling 
Office. 


Dee. 9. 
Portsmouth 
Dockyard. 


Dec. 9. 
The Spy, 
Dover Road. 


Dec. 10. 
Fanfan, Dover. 


Dec. 10. 
Deptford. 


CHARLES II. 611 


Descriptive list of several pieces of plate belonging to the late 
Queen Mother. Endorsed, “Sir Thos. Bond to have the plate.” 
[ S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 269, No. 11.] 


Caveat in favour of Mr. Hayes, that no grant pass of the King’s 
part of treasure trove, without notice to Prince Rupert. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom. Entry Book 32, p. 8.] 


Petition of Thomazin, wife of Fras. Skinner, to the King, for the 
grant of a free pardon for her husband, so that he may return to 
England, and support her and his children. By the deceit of Thos. 
Robinson, he was induced to sell some guns belonging to the King 
to a Jew in London, Robinson alleging that they belonged to a 
Dutch ship that was blown up, and taken as wreck at sea; for 
this offence Robinson was convicted, and burnt in the hand at 
Kent Assizes, and the guns restored, but her husband went beyond 
seas. With reference thereon to Justice Morton, and his report in 
favour of the pardon, the guns, which had been stolen from the 
stores at Chatham and transported, having been all brought from 
Flanders to Tower Hill, and Skinner being an expert mariner, and 
serviceable to his Majesty, and if convicted, entitled to the benefit 
of his clergy.—22 Dec. 1€69. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 269, No. 12.] 
Annexed, 


Certificate by Col. Wm. Legg that 9 cannon or great guns, 
sold by Fras. Skinner and [Thos.] Robinson, have been 
brought from Ostend, and are now lying on Tower Hill.— 
14 Dec. 1669. [Lbid. No. 121.] 


Entry of the above reference. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, 
p. 86.] 

Sir Denis Gauden to the Navy Commissioners. Six months’ 
victuals for 200 men was supplied at Kinsale last year, and not 
above 30 men’s victuals have been delivered. I desire that ships 
employed on that coast may be ordered there to victual, instead of 


to Dublin, so as to prevent further loss to his Majesty. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. TI. 269, No. 13.] 


Abr. Ansley to the Navy Commissioners. The Roebuck has sailed 
for the Downs. I desire you will enter 12 riggers for constant 
work, that I may be able to keep the ships in port in good repair. 
[Zbid. No. 14.] 


Giles Bond to the Navy Commissioners. I want victuals, having 
only 10 days’ aboard, and being employed to look out on the Sussex 
and Kent coasts. [Zbid. No. 15.] 


Capt. John Kelsy to the Navy Commissioners. We have but 
12 days’ victuals on board, and our mainmast much decayed ; where 
shall we be supplied? [Zbid. No. 16.] 


Thos. Turner to Thos. Hayter. J want a ton of the best oakum 
for calking the London ; that supplied from Woolwich is too coarse 
for rents and treenails. [Jbid. No. 17.] 

QQ 2 


612 


1669. 
Dec. 10. 


Dee. 10. 


Dee. 10. 


Dec. 10. 


Dee. 10. 


Whitehall. 


Dec. 10. 


Dec. 10. 


Dec. 10. 
Treasury 
Chambers. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


= Dispensation for Wm. Durham, Fellow of Corpus Christi Col- 
lege, Oxford, who is going chaplain to Lord Fauconberg in his 
embassy to Venice, to receive all the profits of his fellowship during 
his absence. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, p. 114.] 


Commissions for John Griffith to be lieutenant to Sir John 
Griffith. 
Morrice lieutenant to Capt. Vaughan. 

Fras. Hoblin lieutenant to Capt. Carteret. Minutes. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 20, p. 204.] 


The King to the Duke of York. John Gould and Josias Child, 
merchants, are owners of the Mary and Elizabeth, taken by Algerine 
or Sally men-of-war, and afterwards retaken by a Tangiers ketch 
and brought into Tangiers, though the men were unfortunately 
made slaves; you are to give orders to the Governor of Tangiers to 
restore the said ship and goods, or their value if sold, to the said 
owners, taking only salvage therefor, provided the matter be as 
represented. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, p. 138.] 


Warrant for denization of Derrick Deeters, an alien. [Zbid. 
p. 139.] 


Warrant to [the Archbishop of Canterbury]. to grant a dispensa- 
tion to Hen. Bankes to hold the rectory of Thakeham, co. Sussex, 
with that of Midley, co. Kent. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book, 27, f. 13.] 


Pass for 10 horses for the Comte de St. Paul. ` [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 30, f. 183.] 


Philadelphia, Lady Wentworth, to Williamson. My lord granted 
a presentation for the parsonage of Whitechapel, upon which 
Mr. Davenant was instituted and inducted; for strengthening his 
title, he had the King’s presentation, but there being’ a mistake 
in the drawing of it, I desire you will get a new one. I hear 
Sir Wm. Boreman makes some obstruction ; I wonder he meddles 
with anything that was my lord’s, so much to my prejudice. I 
send a petition, of which you may make what use you please. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 269, No. 18.] l 


Rules for extraordinaries to be allowed to public Ministers sent 
abroad. They are to apply to the Secretary of State, sending in 
the signed account of their demands, deposed to if they are com- 
moners, and affirmed if they are peers, and sworn to by their 
secretaries or stewards. No allowance is to be made to any Minister 
for presents made by him at his reception‘or departure, or for enter- 
tainments given by him, unless done by express order, except in the 
Courts of Sweden and Denmark. No charge is to be allowed for his 
travelling expenses in his return, unless these and his other expenses 
exceed his ordinary allowance. No allowance for a secretary or 
other attendant, unless commissioned by his Majesty. Ordinary 
postage not to be allowed, only express. If any public Minister 
stay above 20 days after leave-taking, he is not to have his ordinary 
allowance. [1} pages. Ibid. No. 19.] ' 


1669. 
Dee. 10. 
Plymouth. 


Dec. 10. 


Dec. 10. 
Deal. 


Dec. 11. 
Deal. 


Dee. 11. 


Harwich. 


Dec. 11. 
Pembroke, 


Dec. 11. 
Lyme. 


Dec. 11. 


Portsmouth. 


Dec. 12. 


5 CHARLES Il. 613 


John Clarke to Hickes. A vessel has arrived from Portugal, and 
three from Malaga, all complaining that their Newfoundland fish came 
to an ill market, and that the Malaga wine and fruit prove bad and 
scarce. A Dutch ship has also come in, laden with sugar and 
tobacco, from the same plantations. [S.P. Dom., Car. II, 269, 
No. 20.] 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [Zbid. No. 21.] 


Rich. Watts to Williamson. The whole country of well-affected 
persons lament the sudden and untimely death of Sir Rich. Sandys, 
as he commanded the county troop and a foot company, and was 
very active for the service. There are 60 ships in the Downs, but 
the wind being high, and the sea rough, the great ships will not sail 
until to-morrow. [Zbid. No. 22.] 


Same to [the Same]. The remainder of the fleet, being 40 sail, 
with the Sapphire and Roebuck as convoy, are all under sail, with 
a south-east wind. [Lbid. No. 23.] 


Silas Taylor to Williamson. Several vessels have come in 
through the unpromising weather, which gives small encouragement 
to others to sail. There are divers passengers bound for Holland ; 
a passage-boat bound thither sailed, but has returned to stop a leak. 
[Zbid. No. 24.] 


John Powell to Williamson. There is no news to send. [Ibid, 
No. 25.] 


Ant. Thorold to [Williamson]. The Margaret of Topsham, from 
Rotterdam, has put in by contrary winds; the master says that the 
Dutch are much alarmed at the great preparations of the French by 
sea and land, and are consequently securing their frontier towns, and 
forming a standing company, for command of which, they have ap- 
pointed above 400 officers. The Lily Rose and Prosperous of 
Lyme have arrived from Morlaix, and report the arrival there of 
the Count de Roch, who had been along the coast to take an 
account of all the seamen, amounting to 260,000, who are to be 
listed into the King’s pay, to serve in his fleet by turns. Several 
of them were marching for Brest, the French having some high 
designs in hand. [Jbid. No. 26.] 


Fras. Lucas to Thos. Hayter. I was misinformed as to Edw. 
Norton being a justice of peace; he cannot meddle with the busi- 
ness, but he referred me to his brother, Col. Rich. Norton; we need 
not doubt his care, he being well acquainted with my business. We 
have no other justices but he and Sir Philip Honeywood, who is at 
London. Let the enclosed be newly drawn and signed, and sent to 
him and to me, that no opportunity may be lost. My witness will 
stand surely to what I have given in this. [Jbid. No. 27.] 


Deposition of Edw. Hills, 23 Nov., Chatham. In 1665 I served 
100 loads of timber into the yard at Chatham, but 4 loads was 
abated by boatswain Harman, for some that was decayed, and when 
I demanded the decayed timber, it was denied, as being the boat- 


614 


1669. 


Dee. 12. 


Portsmouth. 


Dec. 13. 
Chichester, 


Dee. 18. 


Dover. 


Dec. 138. 


Falmouth. 


Dec. 13. 
Lisle. 


Dee. 13, 


Dee. 13. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


swain’s perquisite. With affirmation of John Baynard, to the truth 
of Hills’ statement; and certificate, 12 Dec., by Commissioner John 
Cox, that Hills and Baynard have deposed before him, as J.P. for 
Kent, to the truth of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 269, No. 28.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson, These parts afford no news; all 
things are quiet. [Jbid. No. 29.] 


Dr. Rob. Mathew, rector of Meanstock, Hampshire, to William- 
son, Yesterday I fulfilled my course of preaching in Chichester 
Cathedral as a minor prophet, which renders me capable of advance- 
ment to a residentiary’s place, if I could obtain an election. There 
is a place vacant, and I solicit your interest with the Dean, who is 
clerk of the closet; he will not deny you anything, and I am sure 
that Dr. ‚Edes will comply with him, and both can overrule the 
chapter, which at present only consists of them and 2 others, who 
are stiffly resolved for Mr, Sefton ; Mr. Dean has thoughts of the thing 
for himself, but I presume he will get loose to it, when he under- 
stands that the thing is below him. Should he however continue in 
such inclination, I beg a promise that I may be his successor. The 
place would be a preferment to me, I should not be unacceptable 
to the church and city, and “it would redeem me from the 
desolate condition I am now in, by the death of my most dear 
Betty.” [Jbid. No. 30.] 


Jo. Carlile to Williamson, Pardon me for not writing for 3 
weeks, through my old distemper, the spleen; i00 merchant ships, 
under convoy of the Sapphire, have sailed from the Downs. Lord 
Howard is staying at Tangiers. Sir Rich. Sandys, of Northbourne, 
near Deal, killed himself with a fowling-piece last Wednesday 
while going out to shoot some birds for his lady; the contents of 
the gun entered his side, and all he said was that he was a dead 
man; he was much lamented, and will be much wanted amongst 
his neighbours, Three or four East India ships are sailing south- 
ward, I want the Gazette. [Ibid. No. 31.] 


Thos, Holden to Hickes. Seven or eight merchantmen have left 
the harbour, bound for Guinea, Virginia, the Straits, and France ; 
the John and Abigail of London has come in to load fish. Major 
Creed, a prisoner in Pendennis Castle, has been removed to Ply- 
mouth, by order from Council. [Zbid. No. 32.] 


Fr. Crane to Rob. Francis. I expected to have found some news 
at Lisle, but it is barren until they receive the English Gazette. 
Pray forward this enclosure. [Jbid. No. 33.] 


Warrant to Attorney-General Palmer to convey the King’s in- 
terest, &c., in the prebend, manor, and lordship of Tottenham Court, 
co. Middlesex, to Henry, Lord Arlington. [Docquet, Vol. 24, 
No. 118.] 


Warrant for a grant to Thos. Scarlett, of the office of Receiver of 
First Fruits in the Court of Exchequer. With note of a slight 


Pere in a subsequent warrant. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 25, 
f. 140. 


1669. 
Dec. 13. 


Dee. 13. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


Dee. 13. 


Dee. 13. 


Dec. 13. 
Woolwich 
Ropeyard. 


Dec. 13. 
Woolwich 
Ropeyard. 


Dee. 14. 
Portsmouth 
Dockyard. 


Dec. 14. 


Portsmouth, 


‘in the hands of Sir —: 


CHARLES IIl. 615 


Caveat in favour of Mr. Progers and Mr. Killigrew, that no 
grant pass of any moneys pretended to be discovered remaining 


Berry, late Receiver of Lincolnshire. 
Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 82, p. 8.] 


The King to the Auditors of Imprest and other officers, &c., con- 
cerned. On 4 Feb. 1663, we set down orders relative to the officers 
of our works, granting them certain allowances, but their successors 
were not to have the same without further warrant. We now 
declare that we have made Dr. Chris. Wren surveyor of our works, 
Hugh May controller, Phil. Packer paymaster, and Rich. Ryder 
master carpenter, and they are to have the same allowances as 
heretofore granted, and a further increase, as expressed in our 
orders. Endorsed “24 Nov. 1669. This warrant to be tendered 
to his Majesty for signature, upon view that the like was done 
before.” [14 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 269, No. 34.] 


Roger Baker, purser [of the Dartmouth], to the Navy Commis- 
sioners. I cannot proceed in the passing of my accounts, without 
an order for allowing my supernumeraries. I desire that myself 
and Mr. Smith may be called in, to know your pleasure therein. 


[Ibid. No. 35.] 


Daniel Furzer to the Navy Commissioners. I present a peti- 
tion, that my deplorable condition may not be made too public. 
I have been forced to confine myself, for fear of arrest by some 
that are come up for that end; nor do I expect otherwise at my 
going home to Bristol, but to keep close home and languish away, 
or be clapped up in prison. The Lord move your hearts to pity. 
[Zbid. No. 36.] 


Wm. Bodham to the Navy Commissioners. The workmen here 
desire that a small house may be built at the further end of the 
yard, for their convenience; as they have the materials, the cost 
will not exceed 42s.; “the whole charge may be put on the quarter- 
book, and will be accepted as ready money.” [Lbid. No. 37.] 


Same to the Same. I sent 9 lbs. of white oakum to Deptford ; 
how it appeared too coarse for rents and treenails before they saw 
it, I know not. It is as good of its kind as was ever made here. 
They use fine-dressed hemp for rents, &c., about new ships, which 
there is no cause for buying if it be timely demanded from here; 
this latter sort is so fine-dressed that it would spin into good 
household linen. [Jbid. No. 38.] 


Abr. Ansley to the Navy Commissioners. I intend that the 12 
riggers demanded shall repair the rigging of the whole of the ships 
in this port, much damaged by the late war ; then when an order 
shall come for fitting any ships, the rigging will be ready. There 
will not be any waste or bad husbandry, as I shall keep thera 
employed, and discharge them when they have done. [Jbid. 
VO Oe). oe 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. I send a contract by 
Mr. Cole for the 60 loads of plank; I pray an order for its receipt, 


[Dec. 14.] 


Dec. 14. 


Dec. 14. 
Plymouth. 


Dec. 14. 


Dec. 14, 
Deal. 


Dee. 14. 


Portsmouth. 


Dec. 14. 


Tower. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


it being the only provision to carry on the works of this place. The 
Gloucester is nearly completed. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 269, No. 40.] 


Note of instructions to be given to the Lord Mayor and Alder- 
men [of London], to choose none as common councilmen except 
those qualified by having taken the sacrament within 12 months, 
and by taking the oaths of supremacy and allegiance, and renouncing 
the covenant. Many persons avoid so doing by absenting them- 
selves from the wardmote when chosen, and then coming to coun- 
cil and taking the oaths, but not the sacrament; or by staying 
away from the council at first, till the thing is forgotten, and then 
coming in slyly, setting up for defenders of the liberties of the 
city, fomenting popular notions, and alienating the affections of the 
unwary multitude. The aldermen are ordered to make returns of 
none but persons duly qualified, and when this corporation is re- 
formed, the rest will follow. [Zbid. No. 41.] 

The King to the Lord Mayor and Aldermen [of London]. By 
the Act for Regulating Corporations, no one is to be elected mayor, 
alderman, or common councilman, unless he have taken the sacra- 
ment within a year of his election, will take the oaths of alle- 
giance and supremacy, the oath on the unlawfulness of taking 
arms against ourself, and subscribe the declaration concerning the 
illegality of imposing the Covenant. These directions are to be 
carefully observed in the forthcoming election of common council- 
men, none others are to presume to execute the office, and an account 
is to be returned before 8 Jan. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 39.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. Several English, Dutch, and Hamburg 
ships, from France, Bordeaux, &c., have put in by contrary winds. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 269, No. 42.] 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 43.] 


Rich. Watts to [Williamson], The ships sailed 8 times before 
they got a wind; the East India and Guinea ships did not sail 
till yesterday, A vessel from France reports that the French King 
has granted letters of reprisal against the Dutch. [Zbid. No. 44.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson, Several ships homeward bound 
have been put into the Isle of Wight and Stokes Bay, by the easterly 
wind. Ten Bordeaux men are in the bay bound for London, and a 
ketch from Malaga, which came out of the Straits with several 
merchant ships, and had the Warwick and Garland for convoy to 
the Northward Cape. The rest of the convoys are gone for other 
ports. [Zbid. No. 45.] 


Jonas Moore to Williamson. This is to advise you that the 
warrant you are about must condemn the 1507. from Michaelmas 
last, and give me the 100}. [Ibid. No. 46.] Annewed, 


Statement by Moore that the Surveyor’s fees are but 194l. a 
year out of the quarter books; that the warrants his 
Majesty is asked to make void are one dated 9 June 1665, 
granting him 1501. a year, and another dated 21 Feb. 
following for 100l. a year. He moves the Ordnance Com- 


1669. 


Dee. 15. 


Dec. [15.] 
Dee. 15. 
Dec. 15. 
[Dec. 15.] 


Dee. 15. 


Dee. 15. 


Dec. 15. 


Dee. 15. 
Dee. 15. 


Portsmouth. 


Dec. 15. 


Falmouth. 


Dec. 15. 


Dee. 15. 
Milford. 


Dec. 16. 
Mark Lane. 


CHARLES II. 617 


missioners that—in consideration of his Majesty’s orders, 
made when they came into office, and that he might be en- 
couraged to do his duty—1001. a year may be added to his 
present salary. [See Dec. 15, infra. SP. Dom., Car. II. 
269, No. 461] 


Warrant to the Ordnance Commissioners to pay to Jonas Moore, 
appointed Surveyor of Ordnance in place of Major Edward 
[Francis ?] Nicholls, deceased, 100/. a year additional allowance to 
the salary of 1947., he surrendering his former grants of 1501, and 
1001. a year. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 184.] 


Draft of the above. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 269, No. 4:7.] 


Warrant for 200/. to Dr. Benj. Worsley, out of the privy seal 
dormant, for service done. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, 
f. 183.] 

Warrant for 1007. to Sir Wm. Jennings, out of the privy seal 
dormant, as the King’s free gift. Minute. [Jbid.] 


Draft of the above two minutes. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 269, 
No. 48.] 


Warrant on petition of Elizabeth, wife of Thos. Windham, equerry, 
for a grant to him of certain woods, cos. Middlesex, Durham, and 
Chester. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 184. See the grant at 
full, 12 May 1669.] 

The King to the President and Fellows of St. John’s College, 
Oxford. Jacob Smith has under his tuition a son of Sir Allan 
Apsley, Master of the Hawks; but as by statute no Fellow can be 
absent above 6 months in a year, we require you to dispense with 
the said statute, and allow Smith 6 months’ further liberty of 
absence ; this favour not to be drawn into a precedent, to the injury 
of the college. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 40.] 


Licence for Sir John Williams, High Sheriff of Cardiganshire, to 
live out of his county, in which he bas no dwelling place, providing 
for the execution of his office. [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 269, No. 49.] 


Minute of the above. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 40.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. There is no news to send. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 269, No. 50.] 


Thos. Holden to Williamson. To the same effect as his letter 
to Hickes of the 18th. Particulars of ships since come in. Thos. 
Tregosse, a Presbyterian minister, who keeps a meeting in these 
parts, is said to have made his people enter into a covenant to own 
him as their true pastor. [Jbid. No. 51.] 

Same to Hickes. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 52.] 

John Powell to Williamson. Three ships of Bristol have sailed 
for the Straits, also a ship of Dartmouth, with wine and fruit from 


Malaga, and 10 sail of laden colliers, bound for Plymouth and other 
ports. [Zbid. No. 53.] 


M. Evans, Secretary of the Levant Company, to Dr. Joseph 
Tayler, St. John’s College, Oxford. I send you particulars of the 


618 


1669. 


Dec. 16. 


Dec. 16. 


Dee. 


Dee. 16. 


Fanfan, Dover. 


Dee. 16. 


Portsmouth. 


Dec. 16. 


Dec. 16. 
Harwich. 


Dee. 17. 
Plymouth. 


Dec. 17. 


Dec. 17. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


company’s exceptions to an account amounting to 3,316 dollars, 
which they claim against you, as executor of your brother Sam. 
Tayler, who was treasurer for them at Smyrna, for sums disbursed 
irregularly and without order; they request you to take some 
course for repayment. [Levant Papers, Vol. 5, p. 227.] 


Declaration by John Phelips of Somertons, Sunbury, Middle- 
sex, keeper of his Majesty’s game, &c., within the honour of 
Hampton Court, Hounslow Heath, and the woods and grounds 
from Staines Bridge to Brentford Bridge, of his appointment of 
Benj. Holden of Bedfont, in the same county, as his deputy. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 269, No. 54.] 


Grant of denization to Benj. Benson, an alien born. Minute. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 183.] 


Docquet of the above, dated 17 Dec., with proviso that he is to 
pay alien’s customs. [Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 120.] 


Capt. John Kelsy to the Navy Commissioners. I have only 
4 days’ provisions, and desire order for a supply, and also for a new 
mainmast, as we cannot venture to carry sail. [S.P. Dom., Car. LJ. 
269, No. 55.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. We have no 
deals, pitch, or tar, and Newland has not answered whether we 
shall have his tar at 9/. 10s. a last, so I believe he will not take 
that price. [lbid. No. 56.] LEncloses, 


Tender by Wm. Oxford of 14 trees, containing 30 loads of 
timber, at 36s. a load, to be delivered at the water-side at 
Bursland Ferry. With note by Capt. Deane that it will 
cost 3s. a load for carriage, but being so large, our hoys 
must fetch it, as no vessels here can take it in.—Portsmouth, 
15 Dec. 1669. [JZbid. No. 561.] 


Note by Col. Thos. Middleton of anchors fit to be provided for 
5 ships named, and of timber wanting in the stores. [Zbid. No. 57.] 


Silas Taylor to Williamson. The packet-boats keep their turns 
well now, after their sufferings in the late storms. Passengers from 
Holland confidently speak of a war being intended by France 
with Holland, and say that the French King has engaged in a 
league with some of the Princes of the Empire. I missed your 
weekly intelligence. [Zbid. No. 58.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. Twenty sail are in port, waiting a fair 
wind. ([Jbid. No. 59.] 


James Hickes to Rob. Francis. I acquainted Mr. Ellis with the 
contents of your letter. I am not sorry for any man’s dismissal 
who rightly deserved it, and that I believe he did; otherwise your 
love would have continued. [Jbid. No. 60.] 


Thos. Walker to Dr. Butler, Whitehall. I am informed that 
Dr. Gillingham died yesterday, but as his friends keep it so close, 
I have only just heard of it. With note, 21 Dec., by Hen. Wotton, 


1669. 


Dec. 17. 


Dee. 17. 
Resolution, 
Malaga Road 


CHARLES II. ' 619 


that Walker is very familiar in the family, and lives about a mile 
from the doctor. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 269, No. 61.] 


Sir Sam. Starling [or Sterling], Lord Mayor of London, to 
Williamson. I have received a letter from Amsterdam; I cannot 
understand the object of the writer, but estimating it to be 
either sedition or some treasonable design, I forward it for Lord 
Arlington’s perusal, if you think fit. [Zbid. No. 62.] Enclosing, 


Wm. Carr to Sir Sam. Sterling. Although I am indebted for 
many favours, I could not put my pen to paper till I had a 
public warrant, when love for my mother country obliges. 
I met a priest at Metz [Mentz 7), in Germany, who pretended to 
be Archbishop of Ireland, and to be sent from the Pope to settle 
the Roman faith there. He was highly treated, both by the 
bishops of Metz, and Treves, and Cologne. His Grace, as 
they called him, had 2 Jesuits, one secular priest, a French 
steward, and 2 footmen in purple liveries in attendance. 

I became acquuinted with Paul Plunket, one of the Jesuits, 
at the seat of the Bishop of Triers [Treves], at Goblins, who, 
taking me to be a Roman, told me many things; amongst 
others, that his Grace was going to Brussels to receive money 
and priests, who were to be transported to Ireland ; that Ire- 
land was ready to declare the Roman faith, and that the Pope 
had sent preferments to Father Patrick and others in Eng- 
lund ; that 70,000 had turned in England within 5 years, 
many of whom were of the best families of the country, and 
30,000 in Scotland within 2 years; that 300 priests of all 
orders had lately gone for Britain, and that an indulgence 
to church papists in England had been lately sent. He 
offered to lay a wager that mass would be said im West- 
minster Abbey within 12 months, and said that monasteries 
had been built in co. Cork and other places in Ireland, and 
that the priests there had gathered a considerable sum, and 
sent it to the Pope for bulls. T hope this letter will not be 
laid aside, but have the same fortune as those had from 
Amsterdam, advertising the intentions of the Dutch to burn 
the fleet at Chatham. 

The bishop is now in Brussels, and the curious may 
satisfy themselves of the truth of my statement, by referring 
to Mr. E. Reperda, living near Renberge, im Guelderland, 
and Wm. Bessells, aw advocate, son of Mr. Bessells, mer- 
chant in the Keyser Graft, Amsterdam, who admired more at 
the sight of a Papist Archbishop of Ireland sent from Rome 
than I did, they thinking Ireland was Protestant.—Amster- 
dam 4$ Nov. 1669. [2 pages. Ibid. No. 62L] 


Sir Thos. Allin to Williamson. On the 15th we met with 

5 French men-of-war cruising off Cape de Gata. We have been 

‘ranging about the coasts of Barbary and Spain, but did not find 

any Turks; I expect they will soon be returning from the Straits, 

and intend going out to meet them if the strong levant which 
brought us hither continues. [Zbid. No. 63.] 


620 


1669. 
Dec. 17. 


Dec. 17. 


Dec. 17. 
Whitehall. 


Dec. 17. 
Whitehall. 


Dec. 17. 


Dec. 17. 
Deptford. 


Dec. 17. 
Deptford. 


Dec. 17. 
The Spy, 
Dover. 


Dec. 18. 
Treasury Oflice. 


Dec. 18. 
Deptford. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Note of receipt, by Rich. Warren and Judith Shapton, of 
261. 3s. 10d., paid by Ambrose Benet on behalf of Jerome Smith, 
according to an order of the Lord Keeper. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 269, 
No. 64.] 

Warrant for a grant to Anthony and Charles, sons of Wm. 


Ellesdon, of a pension of 50l. a year each, until the King bestows 


some office upon Wm. Ellesdon, in reward for his good and faithful 
service. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 26, f. 74.] ; 


Warrant to Baptist May, Keeper of the Privy Purse, to pay 20} 
a year to Rich. Lovegrove and his successors, underkeepers of 
Hurley Walk in Windsor Forest, the said walk being very large, 
and double stocked with deer, and a like allowance being made by 
the 2 last Kings. [Jbid.] 

Reference to the Council of the Queen Mother of the petition of 
Charles, Lord Gerard, for the preference of first grantee to divers 
royalties, lands, and mines in the honours of Knaresborough, Tickhill, 
and other places in Yorkshire and Cheshire, belonging to the duchy 
of Lancaster. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 86.] 


Warrant to pay to Sir Stephen Fox 88. 4s. monthly, with 
arrears from October last, for pay of the new-raised company in the 
Isle of Wight ; also 63l. advanced by him, and sums which he pays for 
interest, not exceeding 20,000/.; also 400/. paid by him to indigent 
officers, and 500l. for his coach-horses; also to pay to Baptista 
Dutiel 200/. for his expenses to the Great Duke of Tuscany; to 
Antonio de Sousa de Macido, Portugal secretary, 3177. 10s.; and 
to Sir Stephen Fox, for Exchequer charges, 701. 7s. 4d. [S.P. Dom., 
Docquet, Vol. 24, No. 120.] 


Thos. Turner and Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. We 
desire a warrant for sending the mainmast of the Phænix at 
Woolwich to Deptford, for the hulk there, and also some pieces of 
oak to make cheeks for the mast of the London. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 269, No. 65.] 


Thos, Turner and Wm. Fownes to the Navy Commissioners. All 
the stores lately sold have been fetched away, and the 77l. 12s. 8d. 
received is paid by your order to Mr. Hutcheson, paymaster. I 
sent you particulars on 2 Sept., of those who took goods away 
by order, and paid no money. [Jbid. No. 66.] 


Giles Bond to the Navy Commissioners. We have orders for 
provisions, and shall sail out of this harbour to-day. [Jbid. 
No. 67.] 

R. Waith to the Navy Commissioners. At request of the Earl 
of Anglesey, I desire directions as to the allowance of some tickets 
belonging to books already made up, as I cannot perfect his lord- 
ship’s accounts without this. In answer to your hinted jealousy 
at your last meeting, that many of them might be paid since 
the Earl's suspension, I neither know nor believe any one of these 
tickets to be of that nature. [Jbid. No. 68.] 


Thos. Turner and two others to the Navy Commissioners. We have 
taken notice of the thickness of so much of Mr. Harrington’s 


1669. 


Dec. 18. 


Dee. 18. 


Chatham 


Ropeyard. 


Dec. 18. 
Whitehall. 


Dec. 18. 


Dec. 18. 


Harwich. 


Dee. 18. 


Dover. 


CHARLES II. 621 


timber as exceeds the contract by half an inch, and allowed it to 
him, but never knew that heretofore any notice was taken of 
quarter inches, nor that any merchant expected allowance for it, 
“ being the cut of the country.” [S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 269, No. 69.] 


Rob. Mayors, purveyor, to Thos. Hayter. Let warrants be made 
out for receiving into the stores timber purchased by me of Ralph 
Beacham and three others. [Zbid. No. 70.] 


John Owen to the Navy Commissioners. I cannot deliver the 
rakings bought by Rich. Boys, till Thos. Gould fetches away the 
ground tow purchased by him. I desire notice may be given to 
Mr. Gould; how am I to act if Mr. Boys should come for his 
rakings before this is done? [Jbid. No. 71.] 


Reference of the petition of Hen. Brounker, for a third life in 
reversion, after two now in being, in the office of Chirography to 
the Treasury Commissioners, the King being sensible that he had 
no benefit in a grant of a life in reversion in the Comptrollership 
of Customs, Bristol, and wishing to gratify him in this request. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 33, p. 87.] 


Two references of the petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of 
Newark-on-Trent, for confirmation of their former charters, with 
additional privileges—viz.: to the Treasury Commissioners to con- 
sider such portions as relate to the revenue, and to the Attorney 
General such as relate to the law, the King graciously remembering 
the exemplary loyalty of the town, and being willing to distinguish 
it by some mark of more than common favour. [Jbid. pp. 87, 88.] 


Silas Taylor to Williamson. A ship with Scotch coal, bound for 
the Thames, has been cast away in the Middle Grounds, and a piece 
of her side brought ashore. A vessel from Barbadoes with sugar 
and cotton has come in, and after paying customs, is going for 
Holland. Sir Wm. Warren’s ship with deals has been got off 
Bucksea Sands and has sailed for the Thames. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 269, No. 72.] 


Report of John, Lord Berkeley, and Sir Thos. Chicheley, Ordnance 
Commissioners, on the petition of Sir John Robinson, Bart., Lieu- 
tenant of the Tower, referred to them. We have caused the Ordnance 
officers to inquire what profits have been made by the Lieutenants 
of the Tower, by letting the Tower wharf, and on due consideration 
of their certificate—as the wharf is now reserved for stores and 
as a magazine, within the Ordnance Office—we conceive that 1000, 
a year ought to be allowed to the petitioner, since the prohibition, 
as well as for the future. [2 copies. Ibid. Nos.73,74.] Annexing, 


Certificate by Jonas Moore and Rich. Marsh, Ordnance officers, 
on the reference made to them of the petition of Sir John 
Robinson, as to the profits received by him and former 
Ineutenants of the Tower, by letting the Tower wharf. 
Gilbert Tayler, who has known the wharf 40 years, affirmed 
that he had heard from his master, Mr. Byworth, that Sir 


622 


1669. 


Dec. 19. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


[Dee. 19.] 
Dec. 19. 


Dec. 19. 


Dee. 19. 


Dee. 19. 


Portsmouth. 


Dee. 19. 


Dover. 


Dee. 20. 


Stockwith. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Allen Apsley, when Lieutenant, made a benefit of the wharf, 
by letting out to farm the cranes belonging to the Ordnance. 
That Byworth rented the wharf of Sir Wm. Balfour, so as 
to make benefit of all vessels, save his Majesty's, that lay 
near it, and that after Balfour's death, Mr. Cowes and 
Mr. Bray, warders, rented the wharf in the same manner. 
That Tayler subsequently farmed it from Col. Barkstead at 
1001. a year, and afterwards rented it of Col. Fitch; and 
that one Smith also farmed it of Tichborne, when Lieutenant. 
That since the Restoration, Tayler has rented it of Sir 
John Robinson at 1001. a year, but without the cranes, which 
are left free ; and that on account of the fire of London, and the 
materials required for rebuilding, Sir John Robinson might 
have made 150l. a year by it, which sum Taylor alleged he 
had offered, as also to be bound to keep the wharf well 
gravelled and paved, as may be attested by the evidence of 
Capt. Rainsford and Edw. Oressett.—Dec. 1, Ordnance Office. 
[2 pages. Damaged. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 269, No. 741.] 


Warrant to the Ordnance Commissioners to pay Sir John 
Robinson 5002. at once from their treasury, as compensation since 
12 Sept. 1664, and also 1001. yearly, for his loss by the Tower wharf 
being kept free from any public use, the Lieutenant of the Tower 
formerly granting its use to other persons, and receiving benefit 
therefrom. [Zbid. No. 75.] 

Copy of part of the above. [Jbid. No. 76.] 

Entry of the above. Repeated with a slight variation, Dec. 29. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, ff. 185, 186.] 

Pass for Thomas, Viscount Fauconberg, with his train, baggage, 
and 62 horses, going ambassador to Venice. [Jbid. p. 185.] 

The King to the executors of Sir John Jacob, Sir Nich. Crisp, 
and Sir John Harrison, late Farmers of Customs. Capt. John 
Guillim, and his wife Isabella, have represented that 300/. of her 
portion was lent to Sir Paul Pindar, and other Farmers of Customs 
of the late King, as part of the 200,0007. advanced by them, for 
payment of which they bound themselves in a bond of 5002., of 
which only 3007. has been repaid. We recommend repayment of 
the remaining 200/. out of any moneys remaining in jour hands. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 31, f. 41.] 

Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Has no news to send. [S.P. 
Dom., Car. 1.269, No. WY] 

Capt. John Kelsy, of the Fanfun, to the Navy Commissioners. 
I have taken care for the security of my mainmast, and having re- 
ceived 2 months’ provisions, I am bound to sea. [Zbid. No. 78.] 

John Russell to the Navy Commissioners. I have cleared all my 
accounts to 1 May 1668, of money received and laid out, and do not 
know what you mean by yours of the 9th; I send particulars of 
disbursements for land and water carriage of timber. Mr. Lester 
will clear a place, so as to get the timber to the water side. The 
river is frozen over; when it breaks, I will get the work done. 


[Ibid. No. 79.] 


1669. 
Dec. 20. 


CHARLES It. 623 


J. Pearse, Surgeon-General, to the Navy Commissioners. I suppose 


Bedford Street. you know how I served his Majesty in the late war, and that the 


Dec. 20. 


Dec. 20. 
Navy Office. 


Dee. 28. 
Leghorn. 


Dec. 20. 
Hull. 


Dee. 21. 


Kinsale. 


salary allowed was such as no surgeon of any practice or reputation 
would have left this town to go into the country for, much less to 
sea. Since the war, I have viewed and reported on the wounds of 
several officers, and the commanders of the ships and yachts send 
their sick and hurt to me, to recommend them to the hospitals; they 
also apply to me to recommend their surgeors, not trusting to the 
Governors of our Hall, who often happen to be unknown and un- 
qualified. 

I have had several references from you, in cases of difference 
between surgeons or their widows, about paying for the chests of 
the deceased surgeon, or right to the twopences. I have often 
attended your Board with propositions about sick and wounded, 
and providing recruits of medicines for the fleet at sea, which takes 
up much time, and gives me no small trouble and expense, without 
any manner of advantage. I submit whether, the Navy being so 
much increased, your ottice can be without a person qualified to 
do such services, and whether such person would not deserve 1301. a 
year for his trouble and charge. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 269, No. 80.] 


Journal by George Roberts of the Jwmes hoy, of a voyage from 
Deptford to Stockwith for timber, and back to Woolwich, between 
12 Nov. and 20 Dec. 1669. [Zbid. No. 81.] 


Col. Thos. Middleton and Commissioner John Cox to the Navy 
Commissioners. Answers to 14 queries submitted by the Board, 
as to why so many boats are kept in Chatham Yard, and so many 
men to attend the officers, and as to other expenses. [14 pages. 


Ibid. No. 82.] 


Earl of Castlemaine to Lord [Arlington]. I am going to Spain; 
strong censures of the conduct of Mr. Kent, Consul at Rome, who 
was employed by Cromwell. [384 pages. Much defaced. Ibid. 
No. 83.] 

Charles Whittington to Williamson. The Catherine of Hull has 
arrived with barley, flax, potashes, &c., from Dantzic, and another of 
Hull with oil and iron from Hamburg; also a Swede from Stock- 
holm with iron. Two vessels have sailed for Zierick See, laden with 
lamproons [lampreys], a great commodity in those parts. 

The conventicles and meetings of disaffected persons have been more 
frequent, and are little regarded by the magistrates, which en- 
courages them so much that they may as well be called public as 
private meetings. It is reported that the King is very rich, and 
has no present occasion for money, and that the Parliament will not 
meet on 14 Feb.; or if it does, it will only consist of the Court party, 
who will have despatched the supply, and be ready to prorogue, by 
the time the country gentlemen come up. I hope you have tasted 
the ale sent for your acceptance. Thanks for the news. [Lbid. 
No, 84.] 

Thos. Burrowes to Hickes. Particulars of the arrival of ships, in 
one of which; from Cadiz, Col. Norwood, Governor of Tangiers, has 
arrived. [Ibid. No. 85.] 


624 


1669. 
Dee. 21. 


Portsmouth. 


Dec. 21. 
Plymouth. 


Dec. 21. 
Windsor 
Castle. 


Dee. 21. 


Portsmouth. 


Dec. 21. 
` Deptford. 


Dec. 22. 


Dee. 22. 
Chatham. 


Dec. 22. 
Chatham. 


Dec. 22. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson. Several ships from Bordeaux, 
Malaga, &c., have been forced in by contrary winds. One from 
Rouen has wines for his Majesty. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 269, No. 86.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. Thirty ships are in port wind-bound ; 
some of them set sail yesterday, but were forced back again. [Jbid. 


No. 87.] 


Sir H. De Vic to Williamson. I received from Sir Edw. Walker 
a copy of the King’s letter to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, on 
behalf of my son Charles. I find there is a mistake in it, which 
must be rectified ; he is only an ensign, but is called captain of a 
company, which he well deserves, and would have obtained it, but 
for the cessation of Lord Ormond’s power. Two months’ leave of 
absence is the time required. [14 pages. Ibid. No. 88.] 


Capt. Ant. Deane to the Navy Commissioners. I will encourage 
chapmen to convert goods for the service, that we may not be so 
tied to Master Cole. The 16 oaks offered will be fit for the first- 
rate ship now in hand, and will be delivered at Emsworth at 114d. 
a foot girt measure, which will bring it to less than 10d. a foot, and 
we shall have liberty to choose them from Lord Lumley’s wood. If 
you refuse them, Master Cole will have them. The 30 loads of 
plank is to be delivered free, but the beam trees are so long that 
none but our vessels can take them in. We can be supplied with 
20,000 broom at 3s. 3d. a hundred, which is 3d. less than formerly. 
I sent about Mr. Newland’s goods, but the winds prevent his 
coming to answer. [Jbid. No. 89.] Encloses, 


Tender by Edw. Benson of 16 oak trees for gun deck beams, for 
a first-rate ship building at Portsmouth, at 4l. a load.— 
16 Dec. 1669. [Lbid. No. 891.] 


Jonas Shish to the Navy Commissioners. I have.a mainmast 
ready for a 4th and for a 5th rate ship, which shall be sent aboard 
the William, for Sir Thos. Allin’s fleet. [Ibid. No. 90.] 


Request by Rob. Mayors for a warrant to Deptford, for receiving 
19 loads of elm timber for carved work, from Nicholas Histing. 
[Lbid. No. 91.] 


Edw. Gregory and J. Wilson to the Navy Commissioners. No 
stores have been fetched away since our last return; we do not 
know what remains in store, having no account of what was sold. 
We send part of our account, and promise the rest at the end of the 
year. [Zbid. No. 92.] 


J. Wilson to the Navy Commissioners. I have examined my 
predecessor’s b»oks and receipts, and send particulars of iron and 
masts received from the Dover prize, Sir Wm. Warren, and Mr. Ruff- 
head. With note by Edw. Gregory that he finds as stated by 
Mr. Wilson. [Jbid. No. 93.] 


Warrant for a reprieve to Charles Corfield and Charles Legree, 
condemned for killing Mat. Seales, a bailiff. Minute. [S.P. Dom., 
Entry Book 28, f. 29.] 


1669. 
Dec. 22. 


Dec. 22. 


Dee. 22. 
Windsor Castle. 


Dec. 22. 
Falmouth. 


Dec. 22. 


Dee. 22. 
Pembroke. 


Dec. 23. 


Harwich. 


Dec. 23. 


Portsmouth. 


Dee. 23. 


Swansea. 


Dec. 23. 


Glentworth. 


79380. 


CHARLES II. 625 


Commission for Henry Golding to be lieutenant in Capt. Henry 
Pommeroy’s company, in the Holland regiment of foot, under 
Col. Sir Walter Vane, in place of Mathew Cary. Minute. [S.P. 
Dom., Entry Book 29, p. 35.] 


Commission to Walter Morgan to be ensign in the same company. 
[bid.] 


Sir H. De Vic to Williamson. I have received 2 letters from my 
son since his going hence to London, but not knowing his address, 
I cannot reply. I beg Sir Edw. Walker, if at Whitehall, will wait 
upon you for the paper signed by the King, and I will repay him the 
fees due for it; pray give me a copy of the paper. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. IT. 269, No. 94.] 


Thos. Holden to Hickes. Several English and Dutch ships, from 
Bordeaux and other places in France, are waiting a fair wind. The 
Abraham’s Offering of Rotterdam and several others put to sea, 
but the wind changing, one of them was cast away near Plymouth ; 
a French vessel ran ashore near the Manacles, but the men and 
goods were saved. I hear by a vessel from Rochelle that M. Col- 
bert is there, looking after the building of ships, and that the 
general talk is of a war with Holland. The Roebuck has sailed for 
Tangiers. [Jbid. No. 95.] . 


Same to Williamson. To the same effect. [Jbid. No. 96.] 


John Powell to Williamson. Has no news to send at present. 
[Zbid. No. 97.] 


Silas Taylor to Williamson. The wind is easterly, and the 
passage boats make their returns according to custom, but without 
any intelligence from such persons as have come in them. The 
weather is so thick with snow that we cannot see to sea, [Jbid. 


No. 98.] 


Hugh Salesbury to Williamson, All things are quiet. [Jbid. 
No. 99.] 


Jo. Man to Williamson. The George of Minehead, with wine and 
salt from France to Bridgewater, has been forced ashore, and much 
of her salt wasted, but we hope to get her off next tide; she lost 
her boat and mainmast at sea. [Jbed. No. 100.] 


Lord Fanshaw to [Williamson]. I am glad to find that the King 
will stick to the interest that was ever faithful to him and his 
father; there is no trusting to those who will be tied by neither 
favours nor oaths. This gives great satisfaction to the people; I have 
spoken with 3 Parliament men, who think his Majesty could not 
do himself greater right than rely on those who, in the worst of 
times, never swerved from him, but maintained his title at the 
hazard of their lives; those who are forward to serve all powers 
will be faithful to none. I hope his Majesty will bring about a 
thorough reformation by degrees, and am glad he has set apart some 
time to look into the accounts. J hope to be in London 20 Jan. 
[Zbid. No. 1004.] 

RR 


626 


1669. 
Dec. 23. 
Edinburgh, 


Dec. 23. 


Dec. 23. 
Whitehall. 


Dec. 23. 
Dec. 23. 


Dec. 23. 
Whitehall. 


Dec. 


Dec, 23. 
Whitehall. 


Dec. 23. 


Dec. 23. 


Dee. 28, 
Portsmouth. 


Dee. 23. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Parliament of Scotland to the King. Thanks for your gracious 
letter. We have been greatly assisted by the eminent abilities of 
the Earl of Lauderdale. In separating, we will carry to the country 
the assurances of your Majesty’s grace and goodness. Signed by the 
Earl of Rothes, Chancellor. [Printed in Acts of Parliament of 
Scotland, Vol. VII., p. 573. SP. Dom., Car. TI. 269, No. 101.] 


Copy of the above, with a list of the Acts passed in that Parlia- 
ment, and touched with the royal sceptre. [Jbid. No. 10.] 


Proclamation requiring the attendance of the members of both 
Houses of Parliament on 14 Feb. 1670. [Printed. Ibid. No. 
102,] 


Draft of the above. [Zbid. No. 103.] 
Copy of the above. [S.P. Dom., Proc. Coll., Vol. TII., p. 274.] 


Warrant for a grant to Sir Edmond Wyndham, Bart., Knight 
Marshal, of the estate of Henry Salter of Payhembury, co. Devon, 
deceased, forfeited by suicide, [S.P. Dom., Car. II, 269, No, 104.] 


Entry of the above, dated 29 Dec. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, 
f. 186.] , 


Warrant to Lord Chief Justice Kelynge, and the Recorder and 
Sheriffs of London, to insert the name of Thomas Poulton, convicted 
at the Old Bailey for house-breaking, in the next transportation 
pardon, on account of his youth and penitence, and his having been 
seduced by evil company. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 28, f. 29.] 


Abra. Parker to the Navy Commissioners. Pray consider whether 
it was his Royal Highness’ intention, in referring my petition for 
payment of my salary to you, that I should be delayed a year and 
a-half, to my damage of nearly 20 times its value. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 269, No. 105.] 


Same to the Same. I send an account by the clerk of the 
Ticket Office, of the work done by me and 2 others in mustering 


‘ships, and the number of ships we respectively mustered, and 


desire your consideration whether his Royal Highness did 
or would have imprisoned me, and barred my salary more than 
the others. I submit it to you whether I have had the justice 
promised, or whether you think it reasonable I should longer wait 
for it, contrary to his Royal Highness’ express desire. [Jbid. 
No. 106.] 


Ant. Deane and 2 others to the Navy Commissioners. Particu- 
lars of the size of the plank served into the stores by Mr. Coles. 
[Ibid. No. 107.] 


Capt. Emondes Greene to the Navy Commissioners. You having 
entrusted me to look after and prevent the embezzling of his 
Majesty’s goods, I hope it appears to you that I have been faithful 
and diligent in the trust, though it has been much to my charge, 
and endangering my life. I request a recommendation to his Royal 
Highness, for some encouragement, [Ibid. No. 108.] 


1669. 
Dec. 24. 
Chatham. 


Dec. 24. 


London. 


Dee. 24, 
Plymouth. 


Dec. 24. 


Carisbrooke 
Castle. 


Dee. 24. 


Norwich. 


Dec. 25. 


CHARLES IÍ. 627 


Edw. Gregory to the Navy Commissioners. I was never able to 
keep counter-books of issues with the storekeeper, for 3 reasons 
stated, and no clerk of the cheque has ever performed it, except by 
furnishing a bare implicit transcription of the storekeeper’s books. 
[2 pages. SP. Dom., Car. II. 269, No. 109.] 


James Hickes to [Williamson]. I wish you a merry Christmas. 
When you have methodised and settled your correspondents pass- 
ing our office, pray impart it, that I may prosecute your measures. 
Your lists have come the last 2 posts neither dated nor signed. 


[Ibid. No. 110.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. Upwards of 30 ships, bound for places 
named, have put in by contrary winds, and as many more were 
here before they came. I am still affected with the dropsy and 
scorbutic distemper. [Zbid. No. 111.] 


Sir Rob. Holmes to Williamson. I have not received any news 
from your men since being here; this is not the way to have your 
business done here. [Jbid. No. 112.] 


Thos. Corie to Williamson. While attending Lord Arlington at 
Thetford, on Wednesday last, I presented a letter to him from the 
mayor and aldermen of Norwich, praying his assistance in obtaining 
a letter from his Majesty, authorising them.and their successors to 
limit a time to stage and puppet players, lotteries, and shows; by 
frequently resorting to Norwich, they divert the meaner sort of 
people from their labour in the manufactories, thereby occasioning 
a vain expense of time and money. His lordship has promised to 
comply, and desired me to request you to hasten the letter, as the 
players intend returning within 14 days. I send a copy of a 
former letter obtained by Lord Howard which, if copied as altered, 
and a clause added giving power to commit such as shall refuse to 
obey the limitation of time, will answer the purposes required. 
[Ibid. No. 113.] Annexing, 


John Lawrence and 20 others to Lord Arlington. We 
acknowledge your former favours to this city, particularly 
your obtaining, by mediation of our patron, Lord Hen. 
Howard, his Majesty's letter limiting the time of lotteries, 
puppet plays, and other shows in this city, by the frequent 
resort to which ‘of the meaner sort of people, we have been 
much damnified in our manufactures. We pray your 
assistance in procuring from the King an order for a 
limited time to stage players resorting here, as they drain 
too much money from the inhabitants, and the place is being 
daily impoverished by decay of trade, and the charge of 
maintaining the poor—Norwich, 21 Dec.. [21 signatures. 
Ibid. No. 1131.] 


Sir Thos. Allin to Williamson. I found the Pearl here at anchor, 


Velez, Malaga. who has taken 2 prizes. The Bristol, Foresight, and Deptford ketch 


are cruising off Cape de Gata. I have received no news of the Mary 
since she parted company while chasing. [Jbid. No. 114.] 
RR 2 


628 


1669. 
Dec. 25. 


Harwich. 


Dec. 25. 
Woolwich. 


Dee. 26. 


Glentworth. 


Dec. 26. 
Deal. 


Dec. 27. 
Deal. 


Dec. 27. 
Jan. 6. 


Dec. 27. 
Chatham. 


Dec. 28. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Silas Taylor to Williamson. The Dutch and English packet- 
boats have been forced back by the easterly wind. The 3 or 4 days 
of snow hinders the sight of anything at sea. [S.P. Dom., Cur. II. 
269, No. 115.] 


Wm. Acworth to the Navy Commissioners: None of the pro- 
visions sold in May remain unfetched away, except those bought 
by John Taylor, of which I send particulars. [Zbid. No. 116.] 


Lord Fanshaw to Williamson. Thanks for your letter and new 
year’s gift. I hope the King will gain an advantage by his procla- 
mation. I have been confined by frost and snow, ever since 
I came into the country, so I cannot send any news. I hear the 
Duke of York took up our worthy and wooden-legged Commissioner 
smartly, and if the King should take him up another way, it would 
not much trouble me. [Jbid. No. 117.] 


Rich. Watts to Charles Perrot, at Lord Arlington’s. Lord 
St. Albans, and Commissioners, and Lady Brouncker have arrived 
from Calais in the King’s pleasure boat. They were in much danger 
on the Goodwin; though the wind was very high, our seamen 
launched a boat and landed them. They have sent for their coaches, 
which are at Canterbury. [Jbid. No. 118.] 


Same to the Same. Having received differing instructions, I 
desire to know whether I am to correspond with Muddiman or you. 
Several pieces of wreck have been taken up at or near Deal, sup- 
posed to be pieces of wrecks lost on the Goodwin. [Lbid. 
No. 119.] 


Walt. Watkin and Company to Walt. Jago and Fras. Hill. We 
acknowledge yours of 15 Aug., and an enclosure for Jeremiah 
Arminger, which would have been delivered had they come safe to 
hand; but the King David was surprised by an Algiers pirate, off Cape 
St. Vincent; after 3 days’ resistance, she boarded him and killed 
70 Moors, and forced every man overboard ; but meeting 3 days after 
with 5 more pirates, she saw no remedy but tosurrender. After some 
days, she was retaken by Capt. Kempthorne, but he meeting with 
6 others, was forced to leave her, and engage with them several 
hours. The King David was then again taken by the Turks, but in 
entering the Straits, she was retaken by Sir Thos. Allin, and sent to 
Malaga, and we hope she will now be restored to those interested. 
Her lading is masts, plank, and barrel staves, with some leaf 
tobacco ; but from being so many times retaken, she is almost shot 
to pieces, and is full of water. We have not been able to get any- 
thing out of her, but will endeavour to do so. We send this letter 
by Capt. Frankling. [Copy. Jbid. No. 119a.] 


J. Wilson to the Navy Commissioners. I received the books 
with the seals broken off, but cannot say whether they had been 
opened. Isend an account of articles sold to Capt. Shales and 2 others, 
still remaining in my charge. [Jbid. No. 120.] 

The King to the Master and Fellows of St. John’s College, Cam- 
bridge. The learning and endowments of John Jackson, B.A., 
scholar of your college, fit him for preferment, but he is rendered 


1669. 


Dec. 28. 
Plymouth. 


Dee. 28. 


Harwich. 


Dee. 29. 
Resolution, 
Malaga Road. 


Dee. 29. 
Chester. 


Dee. 29. 
Milford. 


1669 2 
Dee. 29. 


1669. 
Dec. 29. 


Dec. 29. 


Dec. 29, 


CHARLES II. i 629 


incapable by your statute allowing no more- than 2 Fellows of the 
same county. If on inquiry you find him as worthy as he is 
represented, we dispense with the said statute, and request you to 
admit him to a fellowship. [S8.P. Dom., Entry Book 27, f. 153.] 


John Clarke to Hickes. I am too ill to write to Williamson, or to 
Perrott, to whom he has transferred his private correspondence. 
Three vessels have arrived, and there are above 70 here, of which 
nearly 20 are Dutch and Hamburghers, all waiting a fair wind to 
carry them up the Channel. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 269, No. 121.] 


Silas Taylor to Williamson. A packet-boat set sail from Holland 
on Friday, but no tidings have been heard of it; the great snow 
and frost hinder the vessels from sailing. [Zbid. No. 122.] 


Sir Thos. Allin to Williamson, I have been on the coast of 
Barbary; I chased several of the enemy’s ships on shore, and 
burned 2, and believe the Bristol, Foresight, and Pearl took 
another, I must call at Malaga to inquire after the rest of our 
fleet, that separated from us on that chase, [Jbid. No. 114.] 


Ma. Anderton to Perrott. I have corresponded with Williamson 
for some years, but will address you for the future as directed, and 
give you an account of what happens, and the motions of the dis- 
turbers of our peace. [bid. No. 123.] 


John Powell to Hickes. The Providence of Topsham, with oils 
from Portugal, was bulged in this harbour, most of her oils being 
lost. [Ibid. No. 124.] 


Eliz. Booth (daughter of George, 1st Lord Delamere, afterwards 
Countess of Conway) to the Countess [dowager] of Strafford, 
Houghtton-Roberts near Doncaster. I have been tormented with 
toothache since coming to town. I offer you my services. Iam at 
the Limehouse Fields, at the Blue Ball, near the Turnstile. 
[2 pages. Ibid. No. 125.] 


Commission for Col. Rich. Kirby to be captain of the company 
of foot in the Duke of Albemarle’s regiment, late Sir Frescheville 
Hollis’. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 20, p. 204.] 


Warrant for a licence to Sir John Clayton and George Blake, to 
build and maintain a lighthouse on the mouth of the river Humber, 
which they are willing to do at their own charge, in thankfulness 
for their licence to erect 8 lighthouses on the northern coasts, with 
proviso that they obtain a certificate from 500 shipmasters or 
mariners, that such a light is necessary. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 
25, f. 140.] 


Licence to Lord Brian of Ibrackan to continue in England for 
4 months after the expiration of 3 months already granted, to attend 
some matters at law depending, without prejudice to his pay as 
captain of a foot company in Ireland. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry 
Book 30, f. 186.] 


630 


1669. 
Dec. 29. 
Bawtry. 


Dec, 29. 
Deptford. 


Dec. 29. 
Deptford. 


Dec. 30. 
Navy Office. 


Dee. 30. 
Lisbon. 


Dee. 30. 


Portsmouth. 


Dec. 30. 


Dec. 80. 


Dee. 31. 
Plymouth. 


Dec, 31 
Bridlington. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Thos. Lister to the Navy Commissioners. I will accommodate 
Mr. Russell with room on my wharf for laying the timber, but as 
the benefit of the wharf is my chief subsistence, and the long con- 
tinuance of the timber on it has been very prejudicial to me, I hope 
you will take care that it is regularly piled up, and removed in 
reasonable time. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 269, No. 126.] 


Thos. Turner and Wm. Fownes to the Navy Commissioners. We 
send an account of the timber received into the stores from any of 
his Majesty’s forests, from Jan. to. Dec. 1668. There being so much 
ice in the river, no more can come down until next month. [Zbid. 
No. 127.] 


Thos. Turner and 8 others to the Navy Commissioners. We 
made Mr, Foley’s bill anew, and have given all his spikes the title 
of small and ordinary, as the bags exceed the weight of extra, and 
come short of the small. [Jbid. No. 128.] 


Sir John Mennes to the Navy Commissioners. I report on the 
case of Abraham Parker, muster master, referred to me by you, that 
he had a warrant, 2 June 1666, to act as muster master to the 
Admiral of the Red division, his predecessor being slain the day pre- 
ceding. Particulars of ships mustered, and books sent in by him to 
the Navy Office, and of his diligent performance of duty. [43 pages. 
Ibid, No, 129.] 


John Stanley to Pepys. I send muster books of Sir Edw. 
Spragg’s squadron, by Capt. John Walter, who goes home a pas- 
senger in the Richard and Mathew. [Ibid. No. 130.] 


St. J. Steventon to Pepys. The Portsmouth sloop came in yester- 


day; I desire an order for supplying her with victuals. [Zbid. 
No. 131.] 


Account by Owen Hurst of the proceedings of the Mary Rose 
frigate, under Rear-Admiral Kempthorne, from 6 Dec., when she 
sailed from Tangiers, to 20 Dec. ; with a narrative of her fight with 
6 Turkish men-of-war in the Bay of Cadiz, in which Rear-Admiral 


Kempthorne behaved with wisdom and gallantry. [3 pages. Ibid. 
No. 132.] 


The King [to the Vice-Chancellor and Senate of Cambridge]. 
The Turkey Company having appointed Phil. Traheron their 
preacher at Smyrna, have requested our letter for him to be created 
B.D. without performing the usual exercises, which we grant for 
his encouragement. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 27, f. 153.] 


John Clarke to Williamson, I will write to Mr. Perrott for the 


future, as directed ; 70 sail of merchant ships are in port, waiting a 
fair wind, [Ibid. No. 133.] 


John Bower to Hickes. A vessel from North Bergen with tar 
was put ashore, and has broken all to pieces, but the men and 
most part of her lading were saved by the seamen of the town. 


This is the first wreck I have heard of upon this coast. [Zbid. 
No, 134.] 


1669. 
Dec. 31. 
Pall Mall. 


Dec. 31. 


Dec. 31. 


Dec. 31. 


Dec. 31. 


[Dec. 81.] 


Dec. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


Dec. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


Dec. 
Court at 
Whitehall. 


CHARLES II. 631 


M. Oldenburg to Williamson. I hear from France that it is not 
true that reprisals have been given against the Dutch. The Prince 
of Haversberg, the most reasonable man in the Emperor’s Council, 
is disgraced at Vienna, for complaining that effort enough was not 
made to have him named Cardinal by the King of Poland. 

There is nothing more magnificent than the [French] King’s 
cabinet; on one side philosophers and historians, and many MSS. ; 
on the other a great library, Arabic, Hebrew, and Syriac. A 
magnificent laboratory has lately been made, a room for dissection 
of animals, and another for the academy of our philosophers. 
M. du Clos lodges there, in order to work better. 

M. Careavy labours to do something worthy of the King and his 
magnificence ; never has so much been expended to advance phil- 
osophy, chemistry, and astronomy, so that great discoveries may be 
hoped for. I wish something might be done here by our philosophers 
worthy of our King, who has subjects as able to improve good 
knowledge as any prince in the world, if encouraged and assisted. 
[2 pages. Partly in French. K.P. Dom., Car. TI. 269, No. 135.] 


Chas. Mattei to Williamson. I beseech you to look to my 
despatches, and his Royal Highness, my master, will acknowledge 
the obligation. Let me see the letters before they are signed, for I 
must speak with you thereon, [French. Ibid. No. 136.] 


Mandamus to the University of Cambridge for Mr. Chamberlain 
to be Doctor of Laws. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 19, 
p. 114.] 


Licence to the Sheriff of Devon to live in Exeter during his 
shrievalty. Minute. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 30, f. 186.] 


The King to the Attorney-General. We granted to Fras. Rogers 
16,000/. due from Sir John Prettyman, late Receiver-General of 
Firstfruits and Tenths; but though several executions have been 
issued against the said Sir Jobn, and Sir George Prettyman, one of 
his securities, little or nothing has yet been received. You are to 
take this into your care, and prosecute the said Sir John and Sir 
George, and their securities, to recover the same. [Jbid. f. 187.] 


Draft of the above. [14 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 269, 
No. 137.] 


Warrant for a grant to John Richardson to be yeoman pricker 
of the harriers, in place of Wm. Bell; fee 40/. a year, to be paid 
monthly. [Zbid. No. 138.] 


Like warrant to Nathaniel Bird to be yeoman pricker of the 
harriers in place of Gregory Granger. [Jbid. No. 139.] 


The King to Sir Wm. Armorer. As we find that great spoils are 
made on our game, we give full power to`you and your deputies, 
to seize and detain any setting dogs, guns, and nets used therefor. 
With writ of assistance. [Parchment. Ibid. No, 149.] 


632 


1669. 
Dee. 


Court at 
Whitehall. 


Dec. 


Dec, ? 


Dec. ? 


Dec. ? 


[Dec.] 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Approval by the King of the election, by the Mayor, Aldermen, 
&c., of Sudbury, Suffolk, of John Catesby as town clerk, and clerk 
of the peace for the borough. [Parchment. KP. Dom., Car. II. 
269, No. 141.] 

Book of “ Signings,” being lists of documents signed by the King, 
from 5 June 1668 to 15 Dec. 1669, [Written by Williamson's 
clerks. Ibid. No. 142.] 

Statement that in Michaelmas term 1668, John Starkey, book- 
seller in Fleet Street, published a catalogue of books printed that 
term, called “ Mercurius Librarius,’ promising to continue it each 
term ; that Rob. Clavell, formerly a bookseller, and now in the Post 
Office, counterfeited the design by printing a similar list, but only of 
books which the booksellers paid him for inserting, and that he ob- 
tained leave from Mr. L’Estrange to suppress the other catalogue, and 
from the Post Office to send some 400 of these catalogues to book- 
sellers post free, in hopes of their bringing letters in return. Request 
that Starkey, who was the first designer, and whose catalogue is 
much more useful, may be permitted to continue it. [Zbid. 
No. 143.] Annexing, 

Starkeys “Mercurius Librarius,’ or catalogue of books, for 
Michaelmas 1668. [Printed. Ibid. No. 1481.] 

Information offered to Lord Ashley, that the Earl of Danby left 
100/. to the Physic Garden at Oxford, 40/. thereof being to the 
present gardener, and 287. thereof is payable to the King; that the 
University have chosen Dr. Rob. Morrison professor [of botany], and 
if the King will relinquish this 28l., it shall be settled on this 
professorship, and Dr. Morrison will give a discharge to the 
Exchequer, of so much of the arrears due to him from the King. 
[Zbid. No. 144.] 

Jos. Williamson to Thos. Chicheley. Tell me the next post town 
to Sutton, Isle of Ely, where John Cole, one of Cromwell’s captains, 
dwells, and how letters may be conveyed to him. Also, 


Thos. Chicheley to Williamson. Godmanchester is the nearest 
post to Capt. Cole’s place; he lives at Chatteris, near Somersham. 
Endorsed, “ Cole and Herne.” [Zbid. No. 145.] 


Account [by Sir Thos. Allin] of damage done to the Algerines by 
the English squadron since the breach, from 5 Sept. to 21 Nov. 1669. 

5 Sept.—We seized a boat with wheat, and 11 Moors. i 

7 Sept.--The Bristol took another with planks, and 56 Moors, 
men, women, and children ; the Pearl, Portland, and Nonsuch 
chased the Gold Rose ashore and beat her, killing many men, 
so that her crew burnt her, with all the sails standing, and 
24 guns. 

8 Sept.—Capt. Beach, and the Deptford ketch, took a brigantine 
laden with compass timber; Sir Edw. Spragg retook the 
Abrahams Sacrifice of Amsterdam, with some Moors, iron, 
and deals, and also a boat at Tangiers with 11 Moors. 

29 Sept—We fetched a small fishing boat from the shore. 
We blocked them up from 5 Sept. to 19 Oct., during which time 
we took up above a dozen slaves that swam off to us. 


1669. 


Dec. ? 


Dec. ? 


Dec. ? 


CHARLES II. 633 


19 Oct.—We prevented a prize, laden with poor jack, from 
getting into Algiers, so they set her on fire. 

Nov.—The Milford took the Rose man-of-war, also the Spread 
Eagle, with 56 Moors, and 3 Christian slaves. Capt. Darcy 
retook an English vessel laden at Malaga with fruit and 
16 Moors. Rear-Admiral Kempthorne retook Mr. Clemens’ 
flyboat, with 20 Moors, and was forced to quit her again, but 
she was retaken by the Pearl, with 13 Moors and 2 English 
slaves. 

14 Dec.—We came from Barbary, and stood into Cape Paul, and 
forced the Palm Tree man-of-war so far into the bay that she 
was lost, the captain, Mustapha Rise, 100 men, and 47 
Carthagena slaves being drowned. 

19-21 Dec.—We chased several ships ashore, firing one, a man-of- 
war, and she blew up. The Pearl retook a Portuguese vessel, with 
20 Moors and some Christian slaves. Rear-Admiral Kempthorne 
had 12 men killed, and several wounded, in his engagement 
with 5 Algiers men-of-war. Noted as received Feb. 1669-70. 
[2 pages. 2 copies. K.P. Dom., Car. II. 269, Nos. 146, 147.] 


Petition of Elizabeth Eyres to Lord Arlington, for permission for 
her father, Wm. Eyres, to remain with her in London, notwith- 
standing the order for all officers in the late usurper’s army, whose 
habitations are not here, to depart 20 miles from London. He was 
5 years imprisoned for declaring against the proceedings of Oliver 
and the usurpers, and yet has only been liberated by order of 
Council a month ago, having been in prison ever since the Restora- 


tion. [Zbid. No. 147A.] 


Particulars of marsh lands belonging to the executors of Francis, 
Lord Dacre, part of Pevensey manor, Sussex, belonging to the 
Duchy of Lancaster, late the Queen Mother's jointure. [Tbid. No. 148.] 

Request by Sir Thos. Bond who, on promise of repayment from 
the late Queen’s revenue, entered into joint bonds for divers pay- 
ments of debts and expenses, that the said sums, as specified, may 
be discharged before any other payments are made, when the plate 
and bonds shall be given up. [Jbid. No. 149.] 


Order that Sir Thos. Bond, being on his Majesty’s special service, 
be not damaged by his absence from his trial in the Common Pleas, 
and that a new trial be permitted him. Endorsed, “ Mr. Mason.” 
Mbid. No. 150.] 


[Rich. Lockhart] to Lord [Arlingten]. I was page of the back- 
stairs to the late Queen Mother 24 years, had the charge of her 
wardrobe and beds in all her journeys and removals, and the conduct 
of goods sent by her from France at the King’s marriage ; after her 
death, I was charged with bringing back all her wardrobe goods to 
England. J received nothing for my services before the Restoration 
but 30 pistoles a year. I beg employment for my future subsis- 
tence. [Jbid. No. 151.] Anneaing, 

Form of a warrant to the Gentlemen Ushers, to swear in Rich. 
Lockhart, the King’s servant, as page of the backstwirs to the 
Queen, on the first vacancy. (Ibid, No, 1511] 


634 


1669. 
Dee. ? 


Dec. ? 


Dec. ? 


Dec. 
Deal. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Petition of Rich. Lockhart and Edw. Roberts, pages of the back- 
stairs to the late Queen Mother, to the King, for some employment 
or a small pension; have had no means of earning a livelihood, 
since her decease. Marked, “Mr. Mitton.” [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 
269, No. 152.] 

Petition of Rebecca, wife of Capt. Duteil, to the King, for per- 
mission to remain in Somerset House, or for payment of arrears 
due to her husband from the late Queen Mother; has no money to , 
pay for other lodgings, her husband being away on his Majesty’s 
service and often drawing bills on her therefor. [Jbid. No. 152a.] 


Petition of the Corporation for the poor within the weekly bills 
of mortality in Middlesex, to Queen Henrietta Maria. The King, 
by Act of Parliament, commanded that the poor within the places 
named should be set on work, and be governed and relieved by a 
corporation, empowered to erect workhouses, and provide a stock, 
by raising a year’s tax to the poor; but the multitude of indigent 
and languishing wretches so much exceeds that inconsiderable pro- 
vision—as your Majesty will see by a narrative annexed—that we 
are forced to beg on their behalf. We crave your alms, that your 
example may provoke others to good works, and multiply the 
bounty ; and as your incomparable charity overshines the rest of 
your virtues, and as you are pleased to keep your residence amongst 
us, we begin our cravings at your palace door, to enable us to keep 
from thence all idle and importune ones, by providing work for the 
able, relief for the impotent, succour for the destitute, and a habita- 
tion for all. Endorsed, “A Petition to the late Queen Mother.’* 
[Ibid. No. 152B.] 

Lists sent by Morgan Lodge to Williamson, of King’s and 
merchant ships in the Downs, and the state of the wind. 


AR bag Date. King’s, ey. Wind. | REMARKS. 
153 Dec. 1 1 20 S. 
154 ane 1 18 S.S.W. 
155 x 3 1 27 S.W. 
156 a 4 1 29 N.N.W. 
157 sy o TA 1 — S.E. 
158 ana, 1 32 | N.N.W. 
159 s 9 1 44 W. 
160 o TO 2 50 N.E. 
161 erp ibe 1 11 E.N.E. 
162 » 15 ii — N.W. 
163 9 a6 1 — | N.N.W. 
164 Pies el LP 1 2 N. 
165 p 18 1 = N.E. 
166 p TS 1 — N.W. 
167 Fe 19 1 4 N.W. 
168 py PAD 1 4 S.E. Stormy weather. 
169 yr 22 1 3 E. Do. 
170 » 22 1 2 E. Do. 
171 » 23 1 2 E. Do. 
172 He if 1 2 N.W. The fleet has sailed. 
173 a EO) 1 — E. 


* The date of its first presentation was probably about 1664; the Queen Mother 
resided in England from 1662 to 1665. ' 


1669. 


CHARLES If. 


635 


Tenders of goods, addressed to the Navy Commissioners by 


merchants and manufacturers, as follows :—— 


Vol. 269- 


No, 


Date. | 


Name. 


Article. 


Terms, 


174 
175 


176 
177 


178 
179 
180 


181 


182 
183 
184 
185 
186 


Mar.18 


” 

3 
April 6 
July 3 
» 3 
wed 


33 22 


; Aug. 5 


” 


Edward Smith - 


Edw. Moorcock and 


Wm. Moorcock. 
Wm. Wood - 


[Austin] Kingsbury { 


Geo. Body - 
Edw. Smith - 
Giles Clarke - 


Wm. Wood - 


Wm. Streete - 
John Watts - 
John Mason - 
Wm. Wood = 
John Shorter - 
Simon Harsfield 
[John] Shorter 


Wm. Wood - 
John Shorter - 
Peter Rich - 
Mr. Coles - 
Edw. Hills - 


John Ruffhead 
Austin Kingsbury 


Wm. Wood - 


John Mason - 
Geo. Body -~ 
Oliver Westland 
Wm. Wood - 
Mr. Harrington 


Oliver Westland 


Capt. J. Gibbs 
John Hill « 


Oliver Westland 


> 
Geo. Body ° 
Wm. Wood - 


George Body - 
Hen. Blackborow 
John Shorter - 
[John] Hill - 
John Stace - 


Oliver Westland 


John Oveatt - 
Humphrey Swan 


— e = - 


Mr. Coles - 


Timber - - 

» z z 
Spruce deals - 
Timber - - 
Knees - - 
Deals - - 
Timber & blocks 
Oars - - 
Masts - - 
Bowsprits - - 
Spars - - 
Balks - - 
Oars - - 
Timber - - 
Spruce deals - 
Timber - - 


99 


” * 
Deals & timber 
” ” 

39 3) 
Treenails - - 
Bricks, lime, & 

brush. 
Anchors - - 
Timber - - 
Timber - - 
Deals - - 
Timber - - 


” S 
Tar - - - 
Timber - - 
East country 

plank. 
Oil - - - 
Pitch - - 
Deals - - 
Timber - 
Gottenburg pitch 
Tar - » 
Pitch - 
Plank - 
Iron- - - 
Deals - 
Plank « 


33 
Deals, banks, 
spars, & timber. 
Masts - - 
Yellow deals 
Deals 
Tar - = - 


' 


S - - - 


Tar - - - 
Deals - - 


Pitch - = 
Reed - = 
Broom - - 
Timber - - 
Treenails ~ - 


2l. 10s. per load. 
31, 3s, to 4l. 5s. per load. 


lls. 6d. to 14s. per piece. 
3/.2s. 6d. to 8l. 10s. per load. 
4l. per load. 

15s. per piece. 

4l. and 2l. 5s. per load. 
23d. per foot. 

1l. 5s. to 8l. per hundred. 
25l. to 11s. each. 

34l. to 9l. 10s. each. 

9s. to 1s. 5d. a piece. 

2d. per foot. 

2l. 2s. and 2l. 10s. per load. 
10s. and 12s. per piece. 


(damaged) 
3l. 10s. per load. 
Various prices. 


33 3 


33 39 
2l.11s. to 8l.10s.per hundred, 


8l. 10s. to 4l. 15s. per cwt. 
3l. 2s. 6d. to 4l. 10s. per load, 
2l. 6s. and 2l. 9s. per load. 
5/. per hundred. 


91. to 9l. 10s. per last. 


——— 


19/. per tun. 
117. 10s. per last. 
5l. 5s. per hundred, 


91.10s. per last. 
13/. 10s. per last. 
4s. a piece. 

18/. 15s. per ton. 


4l, per load. 
Various prices. 


Reduces his prices 1s.a load, 
2l. 10s. to 9s. each. 
6l. 5s. per hundred, 


From 97. 17s. 6d. to 
12/. 17s. 6d. per last. 

9/. 10s. per last. 

9l. 7s. 6d. per last. 

6l. 10s. to 6l. 12s. 6d. per 
hundred. 

12/ 15s. per last. 

1/. 10s. per 1,000. 

2l. 8s. per 1,000. 

2l. 18s. and 2l. 19s. per load. 

Various prices, 


636 


1669. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Contracts and Drafts or Minutes of Contracts, &c., with the 


Navy Commissioners for purchase of goods, we. 
ee ee ee eee 


Terms. 


34s. and 22s. per 1,000. 
4l. 5s. per load. 


— 


2l. per load. 


—— 


lls. the dozen. 

5s. to 20s. each, according 
to size. 

11. 15s. a load. 


21l. 5s. a load. 


oe 


10/. per last. 


= — 


3l. 18s. and 2l. a load. 


At 1s. 5d. and ls. 8d. per 
pound. 

13s. to 15s. per doz. 

17s. 6d. per 1,000. 

Is. 6d. to 1s. 8d. per ton. 

Purchased for 1511. 

96l. to 18l. each, 


821. to 131. 
> 


J 
13 and 14 to the pound 


at 4s. 6d. per doz. 


17. 18s. per load. 
(damaged) 

2l. per load. 
(damaged) 

Various prices. 


4l. 5s. per load. 
4l. 2s. per load. 


4l. to 2l. 10s. per cwt. 


(damaged) 
211. per ton. 


2}d: to 8d. per foot. 


HI | 


eee, Date. Name. Article. 
No. 
221 | Feb. Simon Eedes - - | Reed - - 
222 5 R. Maddocke - | Plank - - 
223 | Mar. 3 | Mr. Coles - - » and troe- 
nails - - 
224 „6 | John Mayle & Wm. | Timber - - 
Hammond. 
225 | April 8 | Peter Hasler - - D 
225A | „ 22| Wm. Bright - - | Buckets - 
225B | June 3 | Benj. Newland, junr. | Plank - - 
2250 | „ 28 | Rob. Moorcock & | Elm timber - 
Jas. Goffe. 
225D | ,, 29 | John Bachellor - | Oak timber, com- 
pass & knees. 
226 3 Stephen Fox - - | Spanish timber - 
eee July 8 | Mr. Mason - - | Timber - - 
229 | Aug. 4 | Benj. Newland, jun. - | Tar - - - 
230 » 17 | Mr. Wood - - | Deals, timber, & 
spars. 
230a | ,, 26 | Peter Hasler - - | Plank & timber 
231 5 Mr. Coles - - | Timber&treenails 
232 |Sept.17 | Rich. Taylor - - | Copper plates & 
cocks. 
233 „ 18 | John Charles - - | Buckets - 3 
234 „ 20 | Rob. Pangborne - | Tiles a A 
235 » 20 | John Hales - Sand - = 
236 » 22 | Thos. Gould - - |MarmadukeWreck 
237 S Wm. Wood & John | New England 
Shorter. masts. 
John Harrison - | Bowsprits- - 
To carry timber 
from Hull to 
Deptford. 
To cut down the 
238 A Mr. Gould - Stadthouse Van 
Haarlem as 
may beadvised, 
so as to make 
(| her a hulk. 
239 | Oct. 2 | Thos. Gostling - | Candles - 
240 » 5| Wm. Harrington - | Masts - - 
241 » 22 | Peter Hasler - - |. Elm timber - 
242 » 27 | Edw. Batten - - | Candles - - 
243 | Noy.15 | Rob. Wakelin - - | Timber - - 
-244 » 30 | Edw. Hills - - | Wood = = 
245 X Mr. Ruffhead - - | Ironwork - - 
aie 33 Mr. Kingsbury - | Timber - - 
248 | Dec. 10 | Thos. Lewsley =- | Plank - - 
249 % 13 | Chr:'Goles = 2 Pe z 
FA » 18 | Mr. Ruffhead - - | Anchors ~- 7 
2521| , 21| Chr. Coles - -| Plank -,- 
254 » 21 | Wm. Oxford - - | Elm timber - 
255 = Mr. Hever - - | Hinges, iron wed- 
ges, bolts, &c. 
256 — Mr. Harrington - | Oars 6 - 
ae — Sir Wm. Warren - | Elm timber - 
259 — Mr. Oveatt - - | Rosin - = 
260 — Ald. Barker - - | Hemp - - 
261 — Mrs. Pley - - | Sail cloth - - 


1669. 


CHARLES II. 637 


General bill of mortality for London and Westminster from 
22 Dec. 1668 to 21 Dec. 1669. Christenings, 12,335 ; burials, 19,432 ; 
deaths by plague, 3; increase in burials, 2,154; decrease of deaths 
by plague, 11. [Printed. K.P. Dom., Car. TI. 269, No, 262.] 


Weekly bills of mortality as follows :—-— 


Vol. | No. of oz. in | London and Westminster. F 3 Increase Deerease 

269. | Penny Loaf. Inclusive Dates. a Buried. | of Deaths. | of Deaths. 

No. 5 
263 10 Dec. 29 — Jan. 5| 254 349 64 ——— 
264 10 Jan.. 5 —~ y 12) 252 380 31 == 
265 10 sy 12 — 5 19] 262 387 7 = 
266 9 sy 0 19) — "4,2 26 | 248 413 26 == 
-267 9 » 26 — Heb. 2 268 377 — 36 
268 9 Feb. 9 — , 16) 235 333 — 31 
269 9 » 16 — ~, 23j| 260 314 — 19 
270 9 June 22 — June 29 | 214 283 — 11 
271 9 July 13 — July 20 | 215 389 e 2 
272 9 Oe a 2 22A 368 — 21 
273 9 » 27 — Aug. 3] 233 340 — 28 
274 9 Aug. 3 — , 10) 238 437 97 — 
275 9 » 17 — ~-y 24) 245 482 — 28 
276 9 oe 2k = gy) Sl | 270 665 183 ee 
277 11 Sept. 14 — Sept. 21 | 248 524 = 95 
278 103 Oct. 5 — Oct. 12 | 249 518 — 35 
279 103 Nov. 2 — Nov. 9| 287 334 = 38 
280 103 K 9 — , 16] 243 306 — 28 
281 105 » 16 — 4 28] 2389 335 — 29 
282 103 nO Oml— i DOC an 7) 239 322 24 = 
283 105 Dec. 7 — 4, 14] 245 296 — 26 
284 103 T M4) 1, AO 391 95 = 
285 103 ma 2N = a OP 200 412 21 = 


Sixteen weekly reports made by the parish clerks, in printed 
forms, filled up in MS., from which the preceding tables are com- 
piled. [S.P. Dom., Car, TI. 269, Nos. 286-301] 


638 


1669, 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Warrants for naturalizing or making free vessels taken in the late wars 
and condemned as prizes in the Admiralty Courts of England and Scotland, 
or vessels foreign built, purchased by British subjects; from Entry Books 
Nos. 25 and 30 :— 


Pa S 
ountr; 60 8 
Date. Former Name. Tons. Present Name, Owners, db ies ene E gag 
Se ee =e 
1669 
Jan, 29| Hope - - St. Jacob - - - | John Owen of 
= London - - — 25 84 
OY — — | Charity - - - — Scotland -|25 m85 
SOE — — | Yonker of Fleckerie - — — 25 m85 
Feb. 9 — — |*St. Jacob - - - | English merchants | France - -|25 86 
ai k l — — |*Anne - - = — = 25 m88 
» ll — — |*Christopher - > — — 25 m88 
Peal — — St. John Evangelist - -— Scotland -|25 m88 
» 12| Charity of Am- | — | John of London - |John Lilburne of — 30 m 107 
sterdam - London. 
» 12| Last Drager -| — | Henry - - -|Jas. Gramond of — 30 m 107 
Yarmouth. 
» 12| Hope z -| — = = [StatesGeneral]| 30 m107 
» 13| Wapen of Frang-| — == — — 
ner a 5 30 m108 
» 13| Indraft - -| — -- — — 30 M108 
» 13| Charity - -| — — == — 30 m108 
» 13| Trainfort- -| = — — — 30 m109 
» 13| Young Prince -| — — — — 30 m109 
» 28| Swan - - | — |*Fortune - - - — States General | 25 m90 
„ 23| Four henskender| — — — Scotland -|25 m90 
» 28| Peter - -| — — — Scotland -|30 m115 
Mar. 3| Spitzbergh o — — Scotland -|30 m117 
» 3| Casperof Horne | — — — = -|30 M117 
po dHe — 200 | Younker - - - — Scotland -|25 m90 
p 8| Petr z= -| — — — — 30 m118 
a = — | Charity - - - | English merchants — 25 94 
Hee — — | Hope - - - — — 25 M94 
E 29 — — | Young Milkmai - — — 25 m95 
a — — | Blue Whetstone - — — 25 M95 
Apr. 23 — — | Nicolas - - - | English merchants — 25 100 
Bea) — — | James - - - = ss — 25 1100 
» 24 — 200 \tGoodwill. - - - | London es -— 25798 
p 24 200 tSt. Jacob - - - 3 — 25 m99 
pers — 200 |fFortune - - - 3 eS — 25 M99 
ees — 250 |tJohn & Elizabeth - | Newcastle ,, — 25 M99 
» 24 — 250 |{Warder - - - | Lowestoft ,, — 25 M99 
» 24 — 250 |tIndusiry - - - | Yarmouth ,, — 25 M99 
» 24 — — |tHope - - - | London A — 25 M99 
May 8 — — | Moore - - - $ R States General 25 101 
a lo — — | Peacock - - = » » = 25 M101 
» 10 — — |tAugustus Cesar - » ” — 25 m1011 
a R) — — Charity - - - F 3) — 25 M101 
Sy le — — | Diamond of London - S A — 25 m105 
» 19| Swan - a = — — 25 m105 
Ay vile) — — Francis & Mary Ž E3 = 25 M105 
ay. Ue — — | Thomas & Mary - = = 25 M105 
By wal) — 60 |* Bonadventure - = ag E 25 M105 
SPE = — |t White Fortune - - | London merchants — 25 M101 
» 21 ise re t White Lamb - r ” » = 25 MIOL 
» 21 er ae 3 t Hope z 3 m ” ” = 25 m101 
June 2| Jager - -| — | Diligence - - s 3 3 (StatesGeneral]] 25 1106 
Sey — — | Anne - - - — — 25 M106 
» 9| Fortuneofthe Sea) — — = = 25 M106 
Papa — — | Brewster- - - — — 25 M106 
» 11| Francis & Mary | — = E 30 M148 
» 11] Mackerel&§ Dove | — = — Scotland - |30 M148 


CHARLES II. 639 


Warrants for naturalizing vessels, &c.-—cont. 


; ie 
r ga g 
Date. Former Name, Tons. Present Name. Owners. ee en. a8 Ẹ 
1669 
June 11| Golden Lion -| — = as — 30 m148 
» 30 - — — | Providence 4 — — 25 m110 
Juy 5 — 200 | Thomas - - - | Hull merchants - — 25m110 
»  8|*Crown Malaga- | — — —- — 25 m110 
» 12| Hope - - | 200 | Primrose - - > — States General | 25 m110 
PESO — — Staleman - z Z = Scotland - | 25 M115 
» 80 — — | Cane Carrier - - — — 25 m115 
Aug. 14 |*St. Bertrand - | — pee =: — 25 M117 
» 20 — 150 | Golden Sun - = — — 25 M117 
» 26 — — | Arms of Bristol - — — 25 m120 
Sept. 11 = — |*St. John - = 3 sm France - -|25 M121 
s 151 St. Nicholas -| — | Advice e = - | English merchants —— 25 122 
» 15) St. Peter - ei. ae = = ces 25- 122 
» 28 — — \tHopeful Adventure - | London merchants — 25 M125 
Oct. 2|* Tobtasof Horne — = Edmund Hales of — 25 125 
Hull. 
» 18 — 140 |* Golden Huntsman - — Emden - -|25 m128 
Nov. 1 = — | St. Peter- - -~ |Plymouth mer- — 25 m131 
chants. 
SEREA — — | Patience - 5 - | London merchants — 25 m1831 
» 10| Charity & Wolf | — =< == Scotland -| 30 m176 
SE = 50 |*Prosperous of Col- | Giles Wiggoner - — 25 134 
chester. 
» 17| Bonadventure -| — = (Taken by the — 80 M176 
Dartmouth.) 
» 18| St. John - -| — — <= — 25 M134 
» 18| St. Peter- -| — = — — 25 M134 
» 27| Maiden Mary -| — — ' — Scotland -|30 M177 
Dee, 15 = — St. Peter - =- - — — 25 M139 
Ay al — — | Hope = É - | London merchants — 25 M139 
ets) — — Rebecca - - > = — 25 M139 
» 15 — — | Katherine = = — — 25 M139 
” 19 = -—- Turtle = 5 - — — 25 139 
> 20 — | Israelite - - - — = 25 M139 


Those marked M are merely minutes. 

Those marked * were naturalized with a non-obstante of their owners having failed to register them at 
the proper time. 7 

Those marked ł were registered for the Norway trade only, which requiring foreign built ships, 
60 were allowed for that purpose. 


640 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


UNDATED Petitions, 1669? All addressed to the King, unless 
otherwise specified. 


Sir Thos. Allin, for 8501. from prize money, to enable him to pay 
for the prize ship Alida, which he has bought at full value. Has 
served faithfully against the French and Dutch; most of the com- 
manders of 2nd rate ships have had prize ships value 1,0002., and 
he had only a small one not worth 1000. [Draft, corrected by Lord 
Arlington. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 270, No. 1.] 


Henry, Lord Arlington, Postmaster-General, for permission to 
have 300 tons of timber from the woods in Derry and Carlingford, 
which if granted, he will undertake to build packet-boats for letters, 
&c., between England and Ireland, much stronger and more service- 
able than those now used. Endorsed, “ Advise with Sir G. Lane.” 
[Zbid. No. 2.] 


Sir Arthur Basset, for dispensation of his attendance as captain 
of acompany at Tangiers, on account of infirmities arising from the 
wounds he has received in the service, and for leave to receive his 
captain’s pay in England. [Jbid. No. 3.] 


John Bennett, head bailiff of Westminster, for reversion of the 
place of receiver of rents in London, Middlesex, Essex, and Hert- 
ford; has faithfully demeaned himself as collector of subsidies, 
hearth money, and Royal Aid, and lost much profit, by respect to 
the privileges of his Majesty’s servants, and setting free those whom 
he chose to protect. [Jbid. No. 4.] 


Sir Maurice Berkeley, to remember his promise of a grant to him 
of a lease of the licences for wine and aqua vite in Ireland, which 
others are now endeavouring to obtain. [Draft by Williamson. 
Ibid. No. 6.] 


Elizabeth, Countess Dowager of Berkshire, for a grant to herself, 
for the benefit of her younger children, of 3,0007. promised to. her 
late husband, on his petition a little before his death, for his many 
services. [Jbzd. No. 7.] 


Ellen Bird, for a present sum from the privy purse and a pension. 
Ran great risks in conveying letters between the late King and 
the Earls of Derby, Glamorgan, and others, passing through the 
enemies’ quarters, scaling walls by ropes, &c., for which she was 
condemned to death by Cromwell, but only banished, and for which 
the late King promised her compensation. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 
270, No. 8.] Annexing, 


Certificate by the Marquis of Worcester and 10 others, of the 
truth of the statements in the above petition of Ellen Harvey, 
now Ellen Bird.—13 June 1668. [Ibid. No. 81.] 


Sir Wm. Bowles, master of tents and toils, for a living for Peter, 
son of John Scott of Camberwell, Surrey, who married his daughter. 


1669 ? 


79380. 


CHARLES II. 641 


He had 6007 a year settled on him by his father, since which, in 
imitation of Dr. [John] Donne, late Dean of St. Paul’s, he has taken 
holy orders, and took a doctor’s degree at Cambridge 2 years before. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 270, No. 9.] 


Sir Wm. Bowles, for the rectory of Worplesdon, Surrey, for 
Dr. Peter Scott, his son-in-law, son and heir of John Scott of Cam- 
berwell, who though of old family and large estate, has taken holy 
orders, from love to the church, and was made King’s chaplain, 
and who thinks he could best serve his Majesty in the county 
where his ancestral estates lie. [2 copies. Ibid. Nos. 10, 11.] 


Nich. Cantwell, to be replaced in the Foot Guards, from which he 
was cashiered on account of his religion, and rejected from the 
Horse Guards by Lord Gerard, after being at the expense of buying 
horse and arms. [Jbid. No. 12.] 


Sir Edw. Carteret, Viscount [or bailiff] of Jersey. On my re- 
quest 9 months ago, you gave me leave to surrender my office to 
my nephew, James Corbett, but I could not then go over to Jersey. 
I beg you now to grant him the said office. [Zbid. No. 13.] 


Richard, only surviving son of the late Sir Henry Cary, for a 
pension for life out of the profits of the Greenwax, after the 1,0007. 
a year already granted to Col. Thos. Howard and his brothers, bis 
Majesty having promised to consider the sufferings of his family. 
[Lbid. No. 14.] 


Wm. Castell, shipwright, for payment of several sums due to him 
for building and fitting out ships ; especially for 4 fireboats, which in 
June 1667 he fitted and sent down to Deptford in 4 days, much 
depending thereon, but none of the shipwrights are yet paid. [Zbid. 
No. 15.] 


Rich. Charnut, for pardon or transportation; is condemned to 
death for stealing 2 pewter plates from a house in Fleet Street. 


[Ibid. No. 16.] 


Mary Charters, for the lease granted to Col. Lilburn, deceased, of 
Sanderness Grange, and Westegobia in Holme Cultram, Cumberland, 
having long attended in vain for repair of the losses sustained by 
the fidelity of her late father-in-law, Sir John Charters. [Zbid. 
No. 17.] Š 


John Chase, apothecary to his Majesty, for a grant of two-thirds 
of prize goods, value 1,5002., discovered by him as embezzled at 
Plymouth, as a relief of his present wants, and in part of what is 
due to him, one-third being by order allotted to the discoverer, 
[Zbid. No. 18.] Enclosing, 


List of the above prize goods, tobacco, indigo, hides, sugar, rice, 
&e. [Ibid. No. 181.] 

Vartanes di Chelehat, merchant of Armenia, for the allowance of 
1002. as granted to his countrymen, because 780 lbs. of silk, laden 
on his account on the Landtsman, was taken by one of the King’s 
ships; being absent, he did not receive the same allowance as 
the rest. [Zbid. No, 19.] 

SS 


64:2 


1669 ? 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Andrew Chester. On his dismissal from the service in 1667, 
for being a Catholic, he went to France in Sir George Hamilton’s 
troop, and thus was left out of the pension of 2s. a day allowed to 
guards put out for religion, which he requests may be granted. 
[S.P. Dom, Car. II. 270, No. 20.] 


Joshua Child, Thos. Papillon, and James Littleton of London, 
merchants. It has always been customary to grant farms of 
public revenues or service to the highest bidders. Sir Rich. Ford 
and others had a reward of 8,0007. for offering more than the 
Farmers of Customs, for the additional duty on wines, linens, &c., 
though the farm was not granted to them. Petitioners attended 
the Treasury for many weeks, by request, to perfect a contract for 
the victualling of the Navy, by which his Majesty is saved 10 per 
cent., and yet Sir Denis Gauden, who threatened to resign without 
increase of price, is continued victualler; they solicit recompense 
for their loss of time and services. [Zbid. No. 21.] 


Thos. Disney, M.A., Fellow of Corpus Christi, Oxford, before the 
wars, for a prebend at St. Paul’s; is son of Sir Henry Disney, a de- 
scendant from Rich. Fox, Bishop of Winchester, founder of Corpus 
Christi, and has testimonials from several reverend bishops. [Lbid. 
No, 22.) 


Wm. Dyke, for a land waiter’s place at a custom house, or a small 
pension ; discovered that the town of Whitehaven was concealed 
Crown land, and obtained a grant of it to the Earl of Carlingford, 
Sir Edw. Green, and himself, but it was regranted to Sir John 
Lowther, who was in possession, without any satisfaction to him ; his 
expenses thereon led him mto such debt that he was obliged to 
part with his place of serjeant of the scullery, to pay his debts; has 
had to surrender the keepership of the Gatehouse, on account of 
escapes and other accidents. [bid. Wo. 23.] 


Stephen Evens, merchant, for payment with interest of 1267. 11s. 6d. 
for ordnance and ammunition, for which his Majesty granted him a 
bill at Helvoetsluys, in 1648. [Zbid. No. 24] Annexing, 


Engagement by Prince Charles to pay to Stephen Evens of 
London 1261. 11s. 6d. for 11 pieces of ordnance, and other 
necessaries, for the ship Arthur of Plymouth, on 2 Dec. next, 
—31 July 1648. [Copy. Ibid. No. 241.] 


Bartholomew Farthing, Ninehead Flory, co. Somerset, yeoman, 
for a fresh reference to persons in the county, of the dispute between 
himself and John Sampford of Ninehead Flory, and Rich. Wyat of 
Ilfarence, who pretend that he is a-fool, and try to get from him his 
lands, part of Pixton Farm, co. Somerset; the former reference of 
5 Aug. 1667 failed, because his witnesses failed at the day fixed, 
and the referees, being members of Parliament, had not time to ap- 


point another. Endorsed with the names of 4 referees. [Jbid. 
No, 25.] 


J ohn, Lord Frescheville, for a sum to be charged upon the Queen’s 
portion in Portugal, although deeply charged already ; his expenses 
during his 6 years’ command at York have much exceeded his pay 


1669 3 


CHARLES Íi. 643, 


as a captain of horse; thinks his Majesty does not wish him to 
serve in constant military duty at his own expense. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. TI. 270, No. 26.] 


Company of Glovers, Fellmongers, and White Tawers of Chester. 
Having suffered much for their loyalty, beg that their trade with Ire- 
land in sheep, goat, and deer fells may be revived, by pe®mission to 
import skins on such duties as were paid before the last troubles ; this 
was prevented in 1662, after lasting 50 or 60 years, by a pretended 
society of glovers, &c., of Dublin, whe petitioned against it. [With 
53 original signatures. Ibid. No. 27.| 


Sir Bernard de Gomme, to settle his pension of 3000. a year, with 
arrears, on the office of Ordnance, as the arrears could not be paid in 
many years out of the hearth money, to which it was assigned by 
the Lords of the Treasury. [Jbid. No. 28.] <Annexing, 


Certificate by Sir Rob. Long, that the Treasury Commissioner's 
have directed 3001., owt of the 450l. due to Sir Bernard de 
Gomme at Midsummer 1668, to be paid from the hearth 
money.—8 July 1668. [Ibid. No. 281.] 


Eleanor, wife of Alex. Gordon, and daughter of Sir Rich. Plum- 
leigh. for an order to the Bishop of Lordon to license a Protestant 
end conformable schoolmaster to teach in the house of her husband 
as a schoolmaster, and for leave that her husband, though a Roman 
Catholic, may téadh under him; he has been molested and sent 
to Newgate for his religion, though he has a certificate for not med- 
dling with that of the children whom he educates ; her father served 
the Tite King 22 years as Admiral of the Irish Bens, and had his 
house at Milton by Dartmouth, co. Devon, burnt. [Z bid. No. 29.] 


Edw. Goudge, a keeper of Bushey Park, for restoration of a lodge 
and certain fees there, taken away from him by [John] Lightfoot, 
ranger; he refused to obey a former order for its EEE turned 
petitioner’s cattle out of the park, and threatens to accuse him 
of deer stealing, because 54 years ago, he killed a young deer as a 
civility to Lightfoot’s sister-in-law. [Zbid. No. 30.] 

Henry Guy, for pardon for his omission, through ignorance, of 
taking the oaths appointed by Act of Parliament, when he became 
Farmer of the Excise for Yorkshire; one of them was made some 
years after he became farmer. [Jbid. No. 31.] 


Christopher, Lord Hatton, Governor of Guernsey. I was ap- 
pointed Governor, with instructions under the Great Seal, by advice 
of the Earl of Clarendon, from which instructions I have not 
swerved. Yet for needful execution of them, three persons only 
have complained, being of families that have ever opposed your 
prerogative, for which, as appears by the records of the island, they 
have been punished. On this account, you sent for me, and 
ordered thecomplaints to be delivered to me. I made my answer 
in writing, but omitted to sign it; when I heard that this was 
excepted against, I rectified the omission. 

Attempts have been made to accuse me of fault, because of the 
misfortune of my son’s marriage with a prisoner’s daughter there, 

ss 2 


644 


1669 7 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


whose father was attainted, and she had no portion. I did not 
know of the match till a year after, and then I turned my son out 
of doors, and have never given him a penny since. This kind of 
misfortune has been doubled upon me sinee I came over, and your 
discountenance of me leads others to trample on me. 

I am accused of being led by Nonconformists; my loyalty to the 
Church is in no ways abated, yet I thought I might use lay Non- 
conformists in secular matters, in which their knowledge of the 
laws and eustoms of the island would be helpful; and those I put 
out are restored to their places since I came over. Whoever exer- 
cises ecclesiastical authority connives at more nonconformity than 
ever I did. I beg leave, after so many years’ absence, to return to 
my government at Guernsey, and the recall of those who order martial 
affairs during my absence. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 270, No. 32.] 


Daniel Hill, for a small pension; was servant on board the King’s 
vessel, the Katherine yacht, when Mr. Huggett, the master, cleft 
him in 3 places in the head without cause,so that he lay 12 months 
distracted, and is still incapable of earning a livelihood. [Zbid. 
No. 33.] 


Elizabeth, widow of Thos. Hookes, yeoman of the Woodyard, for 
a grant to Hen. Robinson, in reversion after Edward and John Wing- 
field, of the place of registrar of affidavits in the Court of Chancery ; 
her husband lost 1,0007. in provision of wood and coals for his 
Majesty when Prince of Wales, and has left her aged and slenderly 
provided for. [Jbid. No. 34.] 


Draft of the above. [Ibid. No. 35.] 


Edw. Hooton, for a place now void as singing-man of the Chapel 
Royal, having served as a child of the chapel 6 or 7 years, and not 
been provided for, though so promised. [Jbid. No. 36.] 


Fras. Howgill, prisoner in Appleby, Westmorland, for release on 
bond from his 5 years’ imprisonment, being committed only be- 
cause, as a Quaker, he could not swear, and therefore refused to 
take the oath of allegiance. [Zbid. No. 37.] 


Thos. Hunton, Wardrobe Keeper for the Council of the Marches 
of Wales, to Lord Arlington, for assistance. The Earl of Carberry 
withholds from him half the goods he should have in charge, and 
several offices worth 800/. and 400.. a year, so that he does not now 
make more than 3801, a year by his place. The Earl, though 
allowed 3,000/. a year for the household there, does not expend 4001., 
the servants having only one meal a day allowed them, and the 
Court is brought into such contempt, that where 20 cases daily used 
to be tried, only one was tried in 5 days, The Earl received large 
sums for repairs and furnishing of Ludlow Castle and for the garri- 
son, but has put in old furniture, neglected the repairs, and kept 
only half the soldiers paid for. [Zbid. No. 38.] 


Chas. Ithowary, to be sworn a servant in ordinary to attend his 
person, or for a settled maintenance; acknowledges his royal 
bounty to him as a stranger. [Ibid. No. 39.] 


1669 ? 


CHARLES II. 645 


Sir John Jackson, Harraton, co. Durham, for remission of his 
fine of 1,000 marks aid 1 month’s imprisonment, for a misdemeanour 
of which he was found guilty by a picked fanatic jury, though 
only prosecuting the just right of an infant; raised dragoons and 
horse for the late King, and was a great loser by plundering, deci- 
mation, &e. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 270, No. 40.] 


Adam Jenings to the Admiralty and Navy Commissioners. Con- 
sidering my deplorable condition by pirates and unfaithful factors, 
you lately assigned me 400/. on the Excise in cos. Bedford and 
Hunts. This sum is short of one of the bills due to me, and will 
not free me from 2 of my severe creditors, and 1,266/. has long 
been due to me. I beg an assignment for 218/. 10s. more on the 
said Excise. [Zbid. No. 41.] 


John Jennings and partner to the Admiralty and Navy Commis- 
sioners.. We contracted with the Navy Commissioners 20 months 
since, for timber value 1,400/., and they wish to make a further 
contract with us, but we are much straitened for money; we beg 
that among many signed bills, one for 2217. 12s. 3d. may be paid 
from the Excise collected for Middlesex. Endorsed, “ Peter East.” 
{Jbid. No. 42.] 


Elizabeth Jephson, for a grant of Gedney Marsh, co. Lincoln, under 
the former rents ; the inhabitants of Gedney, to whom it was conveyed 
by Sir Peregrine Bertie, and Sir Phil. Llanden, who had a grant of 


- it from the late King, have fallen into arrears with the rent, and 


neglected the sea-banks, and at length surrendered it. [Jbid. 
No. 43.] 


Sir Wm. Juxon, Bart., for leave to enclose a park in Seasoncote, 
co. Gloucester, and to turn aside a way that goes through it, on 
making another as convenient, the verdict on a writ of ad quod 


damnum proving that it would be no prejudice to the country: 
[ Ibid. No. 44.] 


Sir Wm. Keyt, Bart., to pardon his errors, proceeding from mis- 
take, not from neglect of authority, and release him; his Majesty’s 
displeasure is more heavy to him than his restraint. [Zbid. No. 45.] 


Nevil Kidwell, his Majesty’s footman, to order Lord Cornbury, 
the Queen’s Chamberlain, to swear in his son Nevil as messenger 
to the Queen, in place of ——-— Bulliart, deceased. [Jbid. No. 46.] 


Thos. Killigrew and Dr. Hinton, his Majesty’s servants, for a 
caveat that no other proceed with a business tried by them at 
Guildhall, and now removed into the Exchequer, as they are proceed- 
ing at great cost, and for his Majesty’s service, on their grant of the 
moiety of sums recovered at their own cost, for discoveries of frauds 
in the Customs, since the Act of Oblivion, [Jbid. No. 47.] 


Sir Peter Killigrew. The Duke of Albemarle, on reducing the 
garrisons to his Majesty’s obedience, made my father, who was 
servant to the 2 last Kings, Governor of Pendennis Castle, &e., 
considering it part of his inheritance, and his house near the castle 
being burned down during the siege of it. My father being sent 


646 


1669 ? 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


to Breda, with the submission of the captains of the fleet, had the 
Governorship confirmed by your Majesty ; but later, Lord Arundel of 
Trerice, having an old patent for it, my father had in exchange his 
pension of 200}. changed to 800/. payable out of the pre-emption of 
tin in cos. Devon and Cornwall, and my life was added to it; but the 
Treasury Commissioners have ordered the Receiver of Cornwall to 
pay no more moneys without their special warrant. Your Majesty 
having ordered pensions granted for valuable considerations to be 
continued, and this being such an one, I beg to have the payment 
continued. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 270, No. 48.] 


Lieut.-Col. William Kingsley, for an order to Sir Thos. Sandys 
and the other trustees, to admit him as one of those to partake the 
benefit of the plate lotteries, having served under the late Lord 
Capel at Rhé, and Rochelle, during the late war, and lost his whole 
estate, value 500%. a year, during the rebellion. [lbid. No. 49.] 


Rob, Larden, yeoman of the Guard, for payment of part of his 
arrears of 33 years’ wages on the old establishment, at 39/. 11s. 4d. 
a year, and of 43 on the new, at 15l. ; total, 218/. 6s. ; has lately become 
lame, and unable to gain a livelihood. [Jbid. No. 50.] Anneaxing, 


Certificate by John Parsons and 8 others in favour of the 
petitioner. [Ibid. No. 501.] 


Rowland Laugharne, for present relief, to pay his lodgings and 
clothe his. family, having waited 8 years in expectation; also 
for a weekly pension till the 3,500/. due to him from the late King 
is paid; lost property value 30,000.. by sequestration, and his real 
estate is extended for 8,000}. debt, and is almost past redemption ; 
had 2 brothers slain in service of the late King, and his 2 eldest 
sons and 3 nephews in the late Dutch war. [Jbid. No. 51.] 


Thos. Leaf, for change to transportation of the sentence of death 
passed on him at Kingston, Surrey, for stealing a horse, this being 
his first offence, Directed to John Griffith, Westminster. [JZbid. 
No. 52.) Annexing, 


Certificate by Hen. Bagshaw, rector, the common councilmen, 
and churchwardens of St. Botolph’s parish, Bishopsgate, 
London, to the good conduct and respect to government of 
Thos. Leaf, tiler and bricklayer of the parish, and of their 
desire for favour to him in his present lost condition. With 
note by Hen. Bagshaw, rector, that he believes the contents of 
his petition to be true. [12 signatures. Ibid. No. 521] 


Governor and Company of Merchants trading to the Levant 
Seas, for a revocation of the Consulship of Wm. Wayte, English 
Consul at Zante, for his demanding and receiving one dollar per mille 
upon currants transported from Zante, contrary to a decree made 
upon the complaint of the English in 1664, abolishing it ; this was 
well known to Wayte, who nevertheless gave several testimonials 
under his hand as Consul to the contrary, to the prejudice of the 
traders and factors, the dishonour of his Majesty, and the scandal 
of the English nation. [Zbid. No. 53.] 


1669 ? 


CHARLES II. 647 


Rich. Lewis, minister, for relief from perishing of want ; lost his 
specch and hearing when serving as Navy chaplain in the last war 
against the Dutch, and is unable to perform his functions; the 
Bishop of St. Asaph says that the sinecure granted him may be 
6 or 7 years before it falls void. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 270, No. 54.] 


Mary Long, St. Marylebone parish, widow, to Lord Arlington, for 
a letter to the Farmers of Customs in Ireland, to appoint her son— 
one of 24 children, of whom 15 are living—to a place in the Customs. 
He fought at Algiers in several engagements against the Dutch, 
was at the works at Woolwich on their late attempt, and lost his 
employment by going over to fetch the Duke of Tuscany. [Jbzd. 
No. 55.] 


Alice, wife of John Lyon, now in Newgate, for exchange of his 
sentence of transportation to that of going to sea, being an able 
seaman; he was condemned for stealing lead of small value, which 
was his first offence. He served in the late Dutch war. [Jbid. 
No. 56.] 


Dr. Andrew Macdowall, for some order for his relief, so as to 
remain here with comfort, or repair beyond seas, to lurk secure 
from the mockery which attends misery. God has rescued him 
from violent death through an enraged enemy. His Majesty pro- 
mised to consider his losses in the time of the Dutch war, but he has 
waited 2 years in vain, and is obliged to disappoint those who 
helped him in his distress. [Zbid. No. 57.] 


Alexander Mackenny, for a pension; served the late King ever 
since the Isle of Rhé voyage; is the most ancient officer living in 
the 3 kingdoms, but has no means to support his old age. [Jbid. 
No. 58.] 


Simon Mansalle, to be added to those who are placed first on the 
list to be paid at Sir Edw. Griffith’s office, with some small addi- 
tion ; is 4 years behind in his allowance, and the King’s icehouses are 
increased from 2 to 4, which much adds to his labour. [Ibed. No. 59.] 


Capt. John Maxwell, for some supply for his present use, and for 
his transportation. Apprehended Thos. Scot at Liège, and brought 
him to London, and suffered much for loyalty. [Jbid. No. 60.] 


David Meade, one of the Queen’s gentlemen ushers, for an order to 
Sir Edw. Griffith to pay him 437l. 13s. 4d., due for riding charges 
and lodging money. [Jbid. No. 62.] 


Edward, Earl of Meath. Lent money to Mr. Howard of the Privy 


=- Chamber, son of Lord Howard of Escrick, to release him from con- 


finement for debt; he neglecting to repay it, procured permission 
from the Lord Chamberlain to go to law with him, but he lurks 
about Whitehall to avoid arrest, and commits other indignities in 
malice ; begs that his Majesty will not allow the privilege of Court 
to hinder the proceedings at law. Mr. Howard also misrepresented 
his Majesty’s proceedings relating to the Duke of Ormond, pre- 
tending that the King had threatened his ruin if he prosecuted the 
Dake in Parliament. [Jbid. No. 63.] 


648 


1669 ? 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Matthew Medburne, that he may be either advanced suitably to 
his merit in the Duke’s theatre, according to the contract between 
him and Sir Wm. Davenant, or be discharged from it; refused to 
act in December last, on injustice done him, and was ordered into 
restraint, by warrant from the Lord Chamberlain ; but on discovery 
of his grievances, he was released ; yet though his lordship seemed 
satisfied that he should either be promoted or discharged, he has 
had no relief. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 270, No. 64.] 


Col. Guy Molesworth, to consider his 9 years’ humble applica- 
tions, his wounds, banishment, and debts, and his Majesty’s own 
royal promises, and grant him relief to prevent him from perishing. 


[Ibid. No. 65.] 


Thos. Montague, for reprieve of his innocent brother Francis, 
condemned to death at Hertford assizes, for robbery of a woman of 
little fame, said to be a witch, and delighting in distress or destruc- 
tion of man or beast; the only evidence against him is the woman’s 
daughter. [Jbizd. No. 66.] 


Wm. Morgan, for a fair hearing before a council of officers; is 
struck down by his Majesty’s displeasure, on a misrepresentation 
of his dispute with Mr. Rich; his father lost 7,000/., and at length 
his life, by his loyalty. [Zbid. No. 67.] Annexing, 


Case between Mr. Rich and Mr. Morgan ; that Rich, being 
allowed, at his own request, to spend 2 months at Morgan’s 
house at Brumly, quarrelled with a kinswoman of Morgan’s 
there, striking, kicking, and abusing her, and spoke ill of 
Morgan before his servants and in the town ; Morgan called 
upon him to acknowledge his error, but he refused. Morgan 
meeting him accidentally at the Fleece Tavern, gave him 
a blow and a kick, returning the rudeness he had used on 
his kinswoman. [Ibid. No. 68.] 


Stephen Morrice and 2 others, for licence, according to Act of Par- 
liament, to seize quantities of fish daily imported by foreigners, 
contrary to statute, by confederacy between the importers and 
others, who seize it and clear it for an inconsiderable composition, 
so that the importer still obtains advantage. [Jbid. No. 69.] 


Sir Thos. Orby, Bart., gentleman usher to the late Queen Mother, 
for an order to discharge him and Sir Peter Killigrew, his trustee, 
from a bond for 4,5001., given to the Queen’s trustees for payment 
of 2,2502., balance of a fine of 4,500/. for lease of lands in Crowland, 
Lincolnshire ; she forgave him the debt for his long and faithful 
service, but died before he had his bond redelivered. [Jbid. 
No. 70.] 


Jane Penning, widow, for relief, being left without. subsistence 
since the death of the Queen Mother. Great arrears were due to 
her husband, Thos. Penning, serjeant of the Ewery, for 28 years’ 
service. [Zbid. No. 71.] 


_David Powell, prisoner in the Fleet, to King and Council. 
When my petition against Mr. Killigrew, who sued me for 988i. 
arrears of the 18 months’ assessment, was heard in Council 7 May 


1669 ? 


CHARLES II. 649 


last, Killigrew was called on to reply, which he did very un- 
satisfactorily, and did not restore me my writings, detained since 
Dee. 1667, thus disabling me from raising moneys to pay the debt, 
and making me liable to the 12 per cent, then before Parliament, and 
he has since kept me a prisoner. I entreat a hearing and relief. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 270, No. 72.) 


George Raleigh to King and Council. Contracted with the 
late Lord Treasurer, paying 1,0007. for a share in the farms of 
Excise of Bristol and Gloucestershire; but being old, had his son 
John’s name put instead of his own; his son having died, the 
negotiators for the new farm refuse to admit him. Prays admission, 
being willing to pay his share of the 100,000}. to be advanced to 
his Majesty. Raised a troop of horse and foot for the late King. 
[Zbid. No. 73.] Annewing, 


Edm. Chamberlain, J. Seymour, and G. Raleigh, Farmers of 
Excise for Bristol and Gloucestershire, to the Commissioners 
and Governors of Excise, Bartholomew Lane, London. Cer- 
tify their willingness for John Raleigh to be admitted wn 
his father’s place in the said farm.—5 June 1665. [Lbid. 
No. 731] 


Rich. Ridge, Portsmouth, to the Admiralty and Navy Com- 
missioners. I have delivered into the dockyard stores cask and 
other goods value 1,4007., and not received a penny for 2} years 
for them, nor anything at the Victualling Office since August, 
though by my contract I should be paid monthly. I beg an assign- 
ment for 600/. on the Excise in ‘the ports of Dorset, 400l. on the 
Victualling Commissioners, and 200/. on the Navy Treasurers, 
[Zbid. No. 74.] 


Ant. Robert, master of music to the late Queen Mother, for 
an order for 8 years’ arrears of wages due to him; is consumed by 
2 years’ sickness, and the fire at the Savoy. [Jbid. No. 75.] 


Acknowledgment by Queen Henrietta Maria of her debt to 
Ant. Robert of 1,8401. for 8 years’ wages and service, 
expired 30 June 1649, and order for payment of the same 
from the yearly rents due to her since her departure from 
London.—10 Aug. 1649, St. Germains. [Copy. Ibid. 
No. 751.] 


Henry Robinson, for pardon of his life, being condemned because 
in a quarrel with a gentleman in the street, his musket went off 
and shot the gentleman accidentally, so that he died. [Jbid. No. 76.] 


Wm. Robson, for presentation to the rectory of Stonehouse, 
co. Gloucester, having served as chaplain at sea. With note by 
Gilbert, Archbishop of Canterbury, in favour of the petitioner. 
[Ibid. No. 77.] 


Sir James Rushout Maylers Green, and Sir Wm. Adams, Elsen- 
ham, both baronets of Essex, to confirm the grant made to them by 
the late Queen Mother, of the stewardship of the manor of Havering- 


650 


1669 ? 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


atte-bower, fee 6l. a year, and the bailiwick, fee 51. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 270, No. 78.] Annexing, 


Form of the required warrant for continuance of the said 


offices. [Ibid. No. 781.] 
Draft of the above petition. [Zbid. No. 79.] 


Col. Walter Slingsby, for the office of chief collector of chimney 
money in Hampshire and Sussex; was almost 4 years deputy- 
governor of the Isle of Wight, under the Earl of Portland and Lord 
Culpepper, being at great expense, and receiving only 2s. a day, and 
some advantage was promised him. [Jbid. No. 80.] 


Capt. Ant. Stamp, for the sole use, for 14 years, of his invention 
of walking on the surface of the water, so that he, or others by his 
direction, may pass over rivers, lakes, &c., without risk ; exhibited it 
with great satisfaction to the Prince of Tuscany; will be obliged 
to discover the secret to those who have to be set on work, and 
might otherwise lose the benefit thereof. Discovered a musket- 
engine in the Tower, which his Majesty approved. [bid. No. 81.] 


James Thompson, for an almsman’s place in St. Stephen’s Hos- 
pital, Westminster; served in the late Queen Mother's kitchen till 
her death, and is now without support. [Zbid. No. 82.] 


Thos. Tillet and Wm. Godby, littermen to the late Queen Mother, 
for support till they can gain some employment; were ancient and 
faithful servants to the Queen, and immediately on her death, were 
paid off their bare wages only ; being in a foreign country, this only 
defrayed their charges in returning, and putting themselves into a 
condition to present themselves to his Majesty. ([Zbid. No. 83.] 


Edw. Trussell, his Majesty’s mercer, for satisfaction of his just 
debt with interest, to enable him to satisfy his creditors, who 
threaten his arrest, and for building up his house, worth 6001. a year, 
burnt in the fire ; obtained a tally in 1664 for payment from the 
Customs of 1667 and 1668, and raised money at heavy expense 
thereon, by giving collateral security, but it is not paid. Has sup- 
plied the wardrobe since 1663, on promise of half-yearly payments, 
which are not fulfilled. [Zbid. No. 84.] Annexing, 


Account of the several sums of 16,0351. 19s. 1d. and 2,0001. 
due by the King to Trussell. [Ibid. No. 841.] 


Philip Vanbeerenbrook, his Majesty’s falconer, for payment of 


250l., 8 years’ arrears of his salary of 411. 6s. 8d., for want of which 


he is in great distress. [See 22 April 1662. Ibid. No. 85.] 
Similar petition, to the same effect. [Zbid. No. 86.] 


Fras. Walker to the Treasury Commissioners, for payment of 
9507., balance of 1,300/. granted his late father—who lost 3,0001. 
by his loyalty—by a privy seal of the late King, without which he 
will be obliged to part with most of the remainder of his estate. 


[Ibid. No. 87.] 


1669 ? 


CHARLES U. 651 


Henry Westerley to the Admiralty and Navy Commissioners, 
Has served in the King’s ships 9 years, and in the late war 
against the Dutch, received several wounds, so that he is wasted 
in body and estate, and by attendance in seeking employment ; 
begs the vacant cook’s place in the Kinsale frigate. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 270, No. 88.] 


Jos. Williamson, for the reversion of the place of Clerk of 
the Council; was made some years since Clerk of the Council 
Extraordinary, with the unusual honour of being present in the 
Council Chamber, like the clerks in ordinary. [Jbid. No. 89.] 


Same to the Queen, for a lease, at the ancient rent, of a small 
old tenement at the upper end of the old Tilt Yard, usually called 
Walsingham House, and another house near the manor of West- 
minster, being part of her jointure, on which her Majesty referred 
the case to her Council, who, after full and deliberate examination 
of the whole matter, made a report to the advantage of petitioner’s 
pretensions. [Zbid. No. 90.] 


Copy of the above, [Jbid. No. 91.] 
Draft of the above. [Zbid. No. 92.] 


Same to the Queen Consort, for a lease of 2 small tene- 
ments and a shed near Westminster, being part of her jointure 
unjustly concealed, on his discovery of the same at his own charge. 
Endorsed, “ Walsingham House, &e.” [Zbid. No. 93.] 


Calkers and seamen lately discharged at Woolwich to the Ad- 
miralty and Navy Commissioners. Being discharged last April, 
13 months’ wages are due to them, amounting to 5511., for want of 
which they have contracted many debts, and are in danger of prison, 
They beg payment, the same as the carpenters and others, who have 
received their moneys; also an order for their wages. [Jbid, 


No. 94.] 


Dr. Benj. Worsely, for consideration of his services as one of the 
Council for regulating trade; has never been absent nor declined _ 
any command in the service, since his appointment a year ago, 


[Zbid. No. 95.] 


UNDATED PAPERS, 


Passport for Lord Allington and Sir Lionel Tollemache to embark 
for France with 10 horses, [/bid, No. 96.] 


The King to the Commissioners of Customs for London. We 
require you to confirm Rich, Arscott in the office of Collector of 
Customs at Exeter, John Earl of Bath, John Lord Berkeley, and 
others, having testified to his merit. [Jbid. No. 97.] 


Request by John Boreel, going by the King’s leave to the United 
Provinces, for a pass for himself and baggage without molestation, 
and for leave to export 11 horses duty free. [Jbid. No. 98.] 


Miuute of a warrant for payment of 2001. to the Earl of Bristol, 
as a free gift. [Zbid. No. 99.] 


652 


1669 ? 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Warrant to Sir Ant. Browne, of Stanway Hall, Essex, to preserve 
the King’s game of hare, pheasant, &c., within 10 miles round, 
which is now much injured by unlawful hunting, and to report 
offenders to Council. [S.P. Dom., Car. II. 270, No. 100.] 


Warrant [to the Lord Chamberlain] to swear in Wm. Cooke as 
assistant groom of the privy chamber, in place of George Stepney, 
and to admit him to waiting on the first vacancy, when his Ex- 
chequer allowance will cease, and he will receive board wages, &c., 


‘as the others. [Zbid. No. 101.] 


Warrant for a grant of denization to Peter Cornes and his son. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 48, p. 2.] 


Warrant to the Ranger, &c., of the West Bailiwick, Rockingham 
Forest, to permit Viscount Cullen to kill and carry away a fat buck. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 270, No. 102.] 


Note for a pass for Thomas and Chris. Danby, of Yorkshire, aged 
8 and 7 years, to go abroad for 6 years. [Zbid. No. 103.] 


Note for a warrant for Henry Edes, Residentiary of Chichester, 
and King’s chaplain, to be made Doctor of Divinity at Cambridge. 
[Zbid. No. 104.) 


Minutes of grants to Rob. Gale, Rich. Bates, and Hum. Swinfield, 
maimed soldiers, of almsrooms in Westminster College Almshouses. 


[Ibid. No. 105.] 


Minute of a warrant for Sir John Gell, Bart., of Hopton, Derby- 
shire, to preserve the game within 10 miles of his own house, and 
to seize dogs. guns, &c., used to take it. [Jbid. No. 106.] 


Note of the King’s promise to Hugh Griffith, page of the bed- 
chamber, of the place of customer of Cardiff, for his son John, in 
reversion after Rich. Gwynn. [Jbid. No. 107.] 


Minute of a grant [of the office of Governor of Guernsey] to 
Christopher, Lord Hatton, of Kirby, co. Northampton, including 
a grant of the reversion thereof to his son Christopher. [Ibid. 
No. 108.] 


Warrant for a pardon to John Howe of all trespasses, &c., before 
25 Dec. last, and for remission of the fine of 500 marks imposed on 
him by the Court of King’s Bench, for an assault on Thos. Master. 
[S.P. Dom., Entry Book 48, p. 36.] 


Warrant to Wm. Jessop, keeper of the writings in the Duchy 
Office. We require you to deliver to Ant. Jenkins all surveys, 
writings, &c., concerning the estates belonging to the bishopric 
of Worcester, for want of which the Bishop and Dean and Chapter 
are prejudiced, because some tenants refuse to pay the rents ap- 


pointed for repair of the bishop’s houses and cathedral. [,S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 270, No. 109.] 


Pass recommending to the humanity of foreign princes, Jeremias, 
a priest of the Greek Church, born nigh the Petrasse, in the Morea, 


1669 ? 


CHARLES II. 653 


who has undertaken a long and hazardous journey in search of a 
brother, said to be taken by one of our frigates, but finds him to 
be dead in Holland, and is now returning home. [S.P. Dom., 
Car. II. 270, No. 110.] 


Minute of a letter to the Duke of York, to order a pension of 
5001. a year to Sir Jos. Jordan from the Navy moneys. Also memo- 
randum that Mr. Fanshaw, Lord Fanshaw’s brother, is appointed 
captain to the Duke of Albemarle. [Zbid. No. 111.] 


Warrant for a grant to Dr. Henry Killigrew, almoner of the 
Duke of York, of the mastership of the hospital of St. John the 
Baptist and St. John the Evangelist, Sherborne, co. Dorset, with 
power to recover any lands lately belonging to the hospital. [Jbid. 
No. 112.] 

Warrant for 3 additions to the lieutenancy for the militia of 
London: Sir James Bunce, Bart., - Wall, and Sir Wm. Qar- 
diner, K.B. [Zbid. No. 113.] 


Order for a warrant to the Duke of York, to authorize the Navy 
Commissioners to sell useless and decayed timber at Lydney ; and 
also the old Success, Weymouth pink, and Fellowship hulk, all 
useless and not worth repair. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 48, p. 13.] 


Warrant for a grant to Edward, Earl of Manchester, Lord 
Chamberlain of the Household, of the timber yard, 90 feet 
square, and some workhouses near Whitehall, for 51 years, rent 5l. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II. 270, No. 114.] 


Warrant to the Master of the Great Wardrobe, for delivery of one 
bed and bedding, with furniture convenient, to be sent to the yacht 
Merlin. [S.P. Dom., Entry Book 48, p. 32.] 


Minute of a grant to Sir S[am] M[oreland] and his heirs, of the 
sole making and vending of a medal, the workmanship to be done 
by the Mint officers on their furnishing the metal, into which medal 
is contrived a new method of fortification invented by the King, with 
the inscription “ Methodus Hercotectonica nova,” of which the figure 
and rules [missing] are annexed. [Jbid. No. 115.] 


Note of a pass for Fras. Offley of Surrey, gentleman of the Privy 
Chamber, to pass and repass into Prussia, for Elbing. [Zbid. No. 116.] 


Warrant to the Earl of Oxford, Lord Chief Justice in Eyre, 
South [of Trent]—the deer in all the royal forests being much 
diminished—to issue orders to all rangers, keepers, and other forest 


officers, not to serve or kill fee deer in their respective parks. [Jbid. 
No. 117.] 


Order for a warrant to pay to the Earl of Oxford 2,0001., for his 
expenses in holding his justice seat, as Justice in Eyre south of the 
Trent, and as a mark of bounty. [Jbid. No. 118.] 


Warrant to the Keeper of the Privy Purse to pay to Gervase 
Price, keeper of the private armoury in Whitehall Palace, a salary 
for fitting up and taking care of the arms committed to his 
charge. [Jbid. No. 119.] 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Warrant to Roger L’Estrange, surveyor of the press, and Rich. 
Jeffreys, his deputy, to search for private presses, and seditious or 
scandalous books, pamphlets, and papers, in the shops, &c., of 
printers, booksellers, and bookbinders, or elsewhere; seize the 
presses, books, and papers, with their erecters, authors, printers, 
publishers, and dispensers, and bring them before a Secretary of 
State. [S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 270, No. 120.] Anneaing, 

Blank form of a bond in 3001. to be taken by printers, not to 
suffer any book, picture, portraiture, or paper to be printed, 


until licensed by persons appointed by King or Parliament. 
[Lbid. No. 1201.] 


Minute of a pass for Charles, Duke of Richmond and Lenox, and 
also for horses for his use. [Jbid. No. 121.] 


Memoranda [by Arlington] of alterations in a grant to Wm. 
Smithers. [Jbzd. No. 122.] 


Note that the fee-farm rent of 200/. a year, reserved on a grant 
by the late King of the manor and park of Aldington, Kent, should 
be granted to Sir Edw. Sydenham for life. Endorsed, “ Sir Ed. 
Wyndham.” [Jb'd. No. 123.] 


Note [by Lord Arlington] of 2 passes required in French and 
English, in ample manner, and signed by the King, for Sieur le 
Tellier to come to England from Flanders. [Jbid. No. 124.] 


Passes for the Sieur le Tellier, coming by the King’s permission 
from Flanders to England. With writ of assistance. [English and 
French. Ibid. Nos. 125, 126.] 


[Request for a pass] for Comte de Thun, Baron of Hohenfeld, his 
2 brothers and suite, 20 persons in all, to go to Calais ; brought by 
Lord Carlingford from Lord Arlington. [French. Ibid. No. 127.] 


Forms of a prohibition, to be issued by the King, for anyone to 
publish an English translation of the poem “ Votum Candidum, 
Vivat Rex,” without approbation of the author. [2 copies, slightly 
differing. Ibid. Nos. 128, 129.] 


Minute for a warrant to Sir Wm. Willoughby, Bart, to be game- 
keeper for 15 miles round Wortley House, near Sheffield. | Zbid. 
No. 130.] 

The King to the Judges, High Sheriff, &c., of co. York. We 
require you to reprieve Sam. Wortley if, on his trial at the 
approaching assizes, he is found guilty of killing a man. With 
minute of the said letter. [Jbid. No. 181.] 

Note of a warrant for Sir Rich. Wynne, Bart., of Gwidir, co. 
Carnarvon, to be surveyor of North Wales. [Zbid. No. 132.] 


Minute of warrants to bring Mrs. Wright and Sam. Cutler, ap- 
prentice to — Holmes, apothecary in Southwark, to answer 
before Lord Arlington. [Zbid. No. 183.] 

The King to Solicitor-General Sir Heneage Finch, Bart. The 
late King, on 26 Feb. 1645, created Sir Edw. Walker Garter King- 
at-arms, with a salary of 50l. a year. On his surrender of this 


1669 ? 


CHARLES II. 655 


grant, you are to prepare a grant to him of the said office, with the 
salary of 100l. a year. [Draft. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 270, No. 134.] 


[Lord Arlington] to the Lord Lieutenants of counties. The King 
desiring an exact list of the deputy-lieutenants of England and 


Wales, you are to send those within your lieutenancy. [Draft. 
Ibid. No. 136.] 


[Lord Arlington] to the Governors of Carlisle, Berwick, Hull, 
Plymouth, Portsmouth, &c. The King has heard of an increase of 
unlawful meetings, on pretence of religion; you are to prevent or 
disperse them, proceed against the teacher, master of the honse 
where the meeting is held, and other ringleaders, according to law, 


and to seek needful assistance from the town magistrates. [14 pages. 
Ibid. No. 137.] 


Draft of the above. [Zbid. No. 138.] 


Same to Sir John Skelton, Governor of Plymouth, to similar 
effect. [Zbid. No. 139.] 


Note of a letter for suppressing conventicles in Lancashire. [Jbid. 
No. 140.] 


[Bishop of Coventry and Lichfield to the Archbishop of Canter- 
bury.] Iam sorry to trouble you so often, but clamours abound 
of the numerous and dangerous conventicles in Coventry. I wrote 
to the Mayor, but he says he does not know how to help it. The 
honest part of the city fear the affronts of the sectaries. I suggest 
the quartering a troop of horse there, to inhibit these meetings, 
or the raising county forces under the Earl of Northampton, Lord 
Lieutenant, to reduce them and their confederates of Birmingham, a 
desperate and very populous rabble. [Jbid. No. 141.] LE ncloses, 


Information sent by Sam. Feake and Nath. Wanley, ministers, 

to the Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry, of 4 conventicles held 
every Sunday at Coventry, at Leather Hall, erected purposely 
therefor, attended by about 700 persons, some of whom affront 
people going to church; with names of 4 of the ministers. 
Dr. Grew, constantly residing in the city, keeps a conventicle 
twice every Sunday inm Much Park Street, St. Michaels 
parish, [Lbid. No. 1411.] 


French Church in London to the King. The place appointed by 
your Majesty on the Restoration for our meeting required much 
money to repair it, and though the members contributed freely, they 
could not have managed it, but that a private person offered what was 
wanting, if he might build on the north side of the church. This 
was granted, and now some try to obtain leave to build on the 
east side too; Dr. Wren, to whom the case was referred, reported 
that although most of the light came from the east window, M. le 
Choqueux might build up a fourth of it, with little prejudice, which 
is untrue, as we should be forced to use candles in church. We beg 
your Majesty, as having “such great qualities, without the least 
defect,” to hear our cause yourself, rather than suffer us to go to law. 
We have only 120}. a year for 2 ministers and a reader, and cannot 
bear law expenses. [2 pages. S.P. Dom., Car. TI. 270, No. 142.] 


656 


1669 ? 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


Wm. Gallwey to the King. I presume to address you, having 
no friend since the Duke of Gloucester’s death; pray remember my 
services at a time when I should have been ruined by their dis- 
covery. I beg aid to get to some other part of the world, for if I 
remain here, I shall be thrust into prison for 250d. debt. [Zbid. 
No. 148.] 

Jo. Ryley to Mr. Macartney, Ailesbury House, St. John’s, London. 
I send an advertisement for recovery of a lammer hawk, belonging 
to the Earl of Ailesbury, for the Gazette. [Ibid. No. 144.] 

Request of Jas. Allen, keeper of the robes in Whitehall, for com- 
pensation, as promised, from the Council of Trade, who have held 


` their meetings several times in his office. [Zbid. No. 145.] 


Paper of signatures, including A. Ellis, James Hickes, sen. and 
jun., Sir J. Robinson, and 8 others. Endorsed by Williamson, 
« Archer’s certificate.” [Jbid. No. 146.] 

Statement of particulars of the contract entered into between Sir 
John Monson and the King, for the lease of the working of the 
alum works belonging to the young Earl of Mulgrave, and the case of 
Elizabeth Countess Dowager of Mulgrave, who was to receive half the 
profits, and therefore claims half the rent paid by the King to 
Monson; the payments of the moiety of the profits being much 
diminished by the late disturbances, he agreed in July 1666 to 
pay her 3007. a year, above his moiety of the annuities, but has 
failed therein lately. [Ibid. No. 147.] 

Note of goods delivered by Belloy, merchant of Paris, in 1660, 
for the use of the King and Duke of Gloucester, to Sieur des Marces 
who delayed payment, and died in 1668, and Belloy now solicits 
the debt; total, 234/. 6s. 9d. [French. Ibid. No. 148.] 

Cases of oppression committed by Rob. Benson, clerk of the 
assizes for the northern circuit, against Paul Banks of Wicket Hill, 
and many others, in exacting money, postponing trials, .&c., 1663 to 
1668. Endorsed, “ Articled against by Sir Phil. Montane ” [Monck- 
ton]. [Printed. Ibid. No. 149.] 

Specimens of divers alphabets, and writing in shorthand and in 
different languages. Endorsed [by Williamson] “ Llewellin’s boy.” 
[Zbid. No. 150.] 

Note to write to Mr. Williamson in favour of Henry Clarveat, 
Capt. Dyett’s friend. [Jbid. No. 151.] 
© Request for a warrant to Mr. Mallott, to deliver to the Bishop of 
Durham all records, surveys, &c., in his custody, relating to the 
bishopric. [Zbid. No. 152.] 

Demands of Joseph Garrett in a suit between him and the Earl 
and Countess of Holland; eg. :— 


S 

Balance of account due 30 April 1668 - ay FO O 
Costs of suit on the judgment of 2,000., and 

pleading of the outlawry - - - +H 22200934 6 
For a cabinet, with a silver spoon, fork, trencher, 

salt, and knife haft = - - 15 0 0 


Total of the account, 1,184. 16s. 8d. Rieu No. 153.] 


1669 ? 


79380, 


CHARLES II. 657 


Request by James Halsall for the reversion of the receiver's place 
of cloth and petty customs, granted him by the King in 1663, but 
diverted by the then Lord Treasurer to Sir Phil. Warwick, who 
passed it in the name of his son Philip. [See Culendar 1663, 
p. 358. S.P. Dom., Car. IT. 270, No. 154.] 


Note of the proportions in which 4/. given by Sir Edw. Hoby 
was distributed amongst the servants in the house at Canterbury. 
[Jbid. No. 155.] 


Note that the Farmers of Customs desire Lord Howard to take 
out a Treasury warrant for them to allow him to ship Gloucester- 
shire and other cloths on board the Mary Rose, duty free. [Ibid 
No. 156.] 


Account of the family of the Maddisons [of Saltwell-side, Dur- 
ham], giving the inscriptions on their tombs in St. Nicholas’ church, 
Newcastle-on-Tyne, and their marriages and descents, ending with 
the marriage of Jane Maddison to Sir James Clavering, Bart., of 
Axwell, co. Durham. [8 pages. Ibid. No. 157.] 


List of the archbishops and bishops of Scotland. [Jbid. No. 158.] 


Request by Thos. Wanklin, Rich. Lewis, and Rob. Hunt, that 
they may have a letter from the King to warrant their further 
prosecution of coiners and clippers in cos. Wilts and Somerset, as 
approved by him, or else they may lose their labour. Ask pardons 
for Ant, Carr of Westbury, co, Wilts; for Thos, Huntly of Shepton 
Mallet, Somerset, for their discoveries. Nine were indicted last 
assizes, of whom 3 were executed, 13 are in gaol, and 12 have fled, 
[Zbid. No, 159.] 


Note [by Williamson] of Florence and Marseilles wine sent to 
Dr. Willis, Lady Cullen, and Lady Catherine [O’Brien]. [Zbid, 
No. 160.] 


Arguments to prove, from the opinions of counsel, &c., that thé 
offence of destroying the King’s houses, forests, &c., is not pardoned 
by the Act of Oblivion, nor by the Act for exempting accountants 
therefrom, and that to prevent the limitation of time in the later 
Act, informations were exhibited before the time elapsed, but not 
prosecuted ; the waste already discovered amounts to 600,0002., and 
is not a third of the whole, beside waste of church lands belonging 
to the King. Though the prosecutions have long been discontinued, 
many persons are living who hold these moneys, and prosecutions 
by private commissions would not cause disturbance, Endorsed, 
“From Mr. Killigrew.” [3 pages. Ibid. No. 161.] 


Account of the maintenance of the ministers in London, whose 
churches were demolished by the late fire; in answer to a complaint 
lately printed by them, in which they put part for the whole; also 
disowning the consent which they professed to be given by some 
aldermen, to their proposals for augmentations; containing in 
parallel columns ; 1. The parishes and in whose gift. 2. The names 
of the present incumbents, 3. The receipts in lieu of tithes. 4. The 


EE 


658 


1669 ? 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


value of the glebes and parsonage houses and certain perquisites by 
gifts, etc. 5. Casual perquisites. 6. Total value of livings. 7. Ob- 
servations to prove that most of the ministers have other church 
preferments in addition. [Printed. S.P. Dom., Car. II. 270, 
No. 162.] 


List of [news] correspondents in many seaport towns. [Jbid. 
No. 163.] 


List, alphabetically arranged, of [Williamson’s news correspond- 
ents], with table of their weekly letters, from 22 July to 14 Oct. 
[Zbid. No. 164.] 


Col. Middleton to the Duke of York. I send you the instruc- 
tions given by me to the captains, but how observed I know not, 
as several of the captains are guilty of the crimes which they 
should have punished in others. It is impossible to make better 
laws than you have done, but I find no punishments appointed for 
any offender; I therefore offer the following. With details of 
12 punishments proposed, of which a list is to be hung in the 
steerage cabin, and they are to be read monthly in the hearing of 
all the crew. Endorsed, “Col. Middleton’s advice about the govern- 
ment of a ship’s company.” [82 pages. Ibid. No. 165.] 


“Commissioner Cox about the government of a ship’s company,” 
being suggestions offered to the Duke of York, relative to the scale 
of fines, from 1s. to 6s. each, to be paid by mariners, and the regu- 
lations to be observed by captains. [1 sheet. Jbid. No. 166.] 


Debtor and creditor account between Capt. Rich. Trevanion of 
the Dartmouth and his purser [Roger Baker], who also claims 
compensation for the “most barbarous beating of me, laying me in 
irons till almost dead”; the purser begs payment before Trevanion 
receives his moneys out of the Treasury Office. [/bzd. No. 167.] 


Shorthand notes of stores in outports. [Zbid. No. 168.] 


“Lord Brouncker’s paper, from which a letter was writ to the 
Commissioners of Accounts, touching the despatch of the Earl of 
Anglesey’s account,” being notes from the Earl’s ledger of the 
sections paid in 1666, 1667, and 1668, and of books and sea-books 
for which he has received no sections. [Jbid. No. 169.] 


“Tronworks undertaken by Mr. Silvester, to answer Portsmouth 
demand,” giving the articles, the numbers required, and the price. 
[14 pages. Ibid. No. 170.] 


Account of Navy stores on hand at Deal, Plymouth, and Kinsale. 
[3 pages. Ibid. No. 171.] 


“A foul draught of the Hamburg ship’s contract,” being an 
agreement with the Navy Commissioners for her hire, for 2 months 
certain and 4 months uncertain. [Jbid. No. 172.] 


1669 ? 


CHARLES II. 659 


Set of 5 lists of tickets for payment of mariners, numbered and 
attached, viz.:— 


(1) Note by Michael Hale that the tickets mentioned in this list 
were delivered by him to Ant. Stephens, by direction of John 
Fenn, the total. amounting to 7,964/. 14s. 1d. With lists of 
mariners, the ships on which they served, and the sums due to 
each.—Dec. 1668. [Book of 42 columns, K.P. Dom., Car. II. 
270, No. 173.] 


(2) Like note and list, total 5,2177. 12s. 10d., Jan. 1669. [Book 
of 15. columns, endorsed with summaries of this and the 
preceding book, Ibid. No. 174.] 


(3) Like list, total 2,458/. 6s. 5d., 8 Feb. 1669. [7 columns, 
attached at top. Ibid. No. 175.] 


(4) Like list, total 5197. 12s. 6d. No date. [8 columns. Ibid. 
No. 176.] 


(5) “Lists of tickets concerning the allowance of which there 
‘are some disputes, and several affidavits concerning them,” 
total 2,7307. 2s. With the discrepant amounts in 2 columns. 
1669. [6 columns. Ibid. No. 177.] 


“Jus Nobilitatis,’ or a treatise of the nobility of England, col- 
lected out of the body of the common law, with mention of such 
statutes as are incident thereunto. [By John Bryddale. Printed 
in 1671, but with differences.] [Zbid. No. 178.] 


True interpretation, by Lodowick Muggleton, of the Witch of 
Endor, showing what a familiar spirit is, and arguing the impos- 
sibility of a spirit being raised without the body, &c. [54 pages. 
Printed. Ibid. No. 179.] 


Poems in the handwriting of Sir John Finch [supposed to be 
addressed to his sister Anne, Viscountess Conway]. They begin 
respectively— 

“ Build me my mansion in a cypresse grove,” 30 lines. 
“ All powerful God, whom nought can discbey,” 34 lines. 
“ Thou bad enquirer of the birth of ill,’ 134 lines. - 


[Zbid. No. 180.] 


Draft or copy of the first 2 poems, with considerable variations. 
[Lbid. No. 181.] 


Elegy upon Sir John Denham, K.B., lately deceased, by Mr. Wase. 
Ine.— 
- What means this silence, that may seem to doom 
Denham to have an undistinguished tomb ? 
[4 pages. Ibid>No. 182.] 
fs 


660 


1669. 


1669. 


DOMESTIC STATE PAPERS. 


NEWSPAPERS FOR THE YEAR. 


London Gazette, published twice a week. [56 papers. Newspaper 
Collection, No. 4.] 

Gazette de Londres, published twice a week. [89 papers. News- 
paper Collection, No. 8.] 

Mercurius Librarius, published quarterly. [1 paper. Newspaper 
Collection, No. 2.] 


Diary of public events by Jos. Williamson from Jan. 8 to Oct. 
14, 1669, being a continuation of the diaries already calendared. 
[S.P. Dom., Car. II., Vol. 2711.) 


( 661 ) 


GENERAL INDEX. 


1668-1669. 


*,”" For Streets, &c., in London and Westminster, see London and Westminster, 
streets, &c. of. 


For names of Ships, see Ships, names of. 
For titles of Books, see Books, titles of. 


A 


Abdra, a Moor, 163. 
Aberdeenshire, Commissioner for, 528. 
Abingdon, Berks, farm in, 330. 
eseosseeey Mayor of, 331. 
Abney, Dr. Edw., 318, 321, 331(2), 344, 349. 
Abrahall, Thos., petition of, 115. 
Accounts, Committee of, or Brooke House 
Committee, 28, 189, 197, 211, 213, 
214 (2), 237, 295, 323, 423, 428, 431, 
518, 521, 523, 529, 550, 658. 
...... books sent, or to be sent, to, 106, 144, 
155, 211, 219. 
Soaps ., letter to, 253. 
ses... orders of, 213, 223, 316, 358, 407, 
440, 458, 503, 521. 
vaste > s.c.. Aluded to, 439. 
Rewer Wm., storekeeper at Woolwich 
dockyard, 15, 71, 571. 


Ea EO , letters of, 16, 160, 171, 207, 237, 
409, 510, 628. 


eenaa > eeeeeey letter to, 555. 
Adams, Sir Wm., petition: of, 649: 
Adamson, Jas., 306% 


e OSs 20 

AT es , letters of, 201, 219, 232, 234, 
238, 243, 272, 285, 340, 585. 

epee a WLO Of, 219; 212: 


Adderley, Rich., 170. 

a A Wma Os 

eaea . postmaster of Royston, 301. 

Addison, Thos., 400. 

BO OSY loiter of, 470. 

Admiral, Laa High, see James, Duke of York. 

Admirals, 27. 

SR DOOOT of the Red, muster master to, 630.. 

RAO , vice, 91. 

Admiralty Commissioners, see Navy Commis- 
sioners. 

Court of, 275, 533. 

‘e... Judge of, reference to, 90.. 

R0 AE , judgments in, alluded. to, 122, 
193, 638. 

sursassesy ceseco at Newport, see Newport. 


aeeceroery 


Adrian, John, petition of, 410. 
“ Advices received,” 375, 449, 495, 
Africa, 459. 


aea tena , coast of, 459. 

sseseeeery description of, alluded to, 288. 

African, Guinea, or Royal Company, 19, 174. 
Seng) docdu0 Court of Assistants of, meeting 

of, 88 

fase Hao eaea eaa aa ey Mens CLS MSY 

AOU +.» House, 179, 316. 

yoan oa , letter dated from, 211. 


Agar, Thos., 189. 

Agbrigg, Yorks, wapentake of, 573. 
Aglionby, Mr., 10 (2), 68. 

Aid, Additional, Act for, alluded to, 112, 246, 


316, 407. 
EC , moneys from, 287, 440, 458, 503. 
500S0600 > seses., Feceiver-general of, 428, 


Ailesbury, Earl of, see Aylesbury. 

Akerman, Stephen, 357. 

Albemarle, Duke of, see Monk. 

Alcester, co. Warwick (?), letter dated from, 


279. 
Aldborough, Suffolk, King at, 9. 
AN , port of, disbursements for, 562. 
OTA , ship of, 451. 


Alderoft, J., letter of, 45. 
Alderley, co. Chester, resident at, 410. 
Aldington, Kent, manor and park of, 654. 
Aldrich, H., 8, 450. 
POET p ceee, letters of, 286, 254, 262, 601. 
ote meeeg eseese: WILO OF, 47 (2), 236. 
aes ...., or Aldridge, J, son of, 47 (?). 
S. Wiesel tanes. letter of, S: 
OOA e... Roland, brother of (?), 254. 
a aaa , «e... Nutty, sister of, 262. 
onde , Ursula, sister of, 254. 
... brother (in law) of, see Francis, 
Rob.. 

eeaeee ianea COUSIN OL, 202 
Aleppo, consul at, see Lannoy, Benj. 
oak , Emyn at, 480. 
Ie AA , trade at, 559. 

s... treasurer at, letter to, 481. 


662 


Alexander, Thos., letter of, 313. 
aoaeabOSS , Mr. (ship’s purser), 328. 
(Lady Arlington’s servant), 472, 474, 
475, 482, 483. 
Alexandria, ships to, 101. 
Algiers, 106, 234, 384, 385, 404, 633. 


sores cesos Bagshaw Of, 357. 

aek Bay, letters dated from, 179, 547. 
seevae COASt OL 104751602. 

essssesee ConSUI at, 602 (2). 

sais s.. Duan at, 602. 


tessere English slaves or prisoners at or to, 
180, 385, 602 (2). 

BOQLOORLO , Governor or Government of, 349, 384. 

aree e , letters for, alluded to, 346. 

ee , letter from, alluded to, 79. 

eA » Mole at, 546. 

aT .... natives of, or Algerines, 179, 473, 603, 
632. 

seesseeeey DEGOtiations at, 487. 

Ereann .. news of or from, 179, 351, 522, 535. 

RAS .»» peace with, 241, 266, 384, 578. 

sseseeseey Ships at or to, 15, 180, 228, 353, 385, 
444, 468, 473, 547, 563, 602. 

ERE , Ships of, or Algiers men, 23, 101, 116, 
180, 205, 228, 234, 251 (2), 272, 294, 
306, 311, 318, 384, 885, 449, 456, 468, 
522, 546, 548, 577, 602 (2), 612, 628, 


633. 
Satie .... travellers to, 106; 483. 
RE »» war with, alluded to, 550, 558, 647. 
Alicant, ships at or from, 59, 494. 
secese. Bay or Road, ships at or from, 317, 
602, 603. 
eds duen ceieyeess , letter dated from, 602. 


Alice Holt forest, timber in or from, 79, 96, 
182, 237, 249, 255, 383. 


essees. WOOdWard Of, 487, 532, 561. 

Aliens or foreigners, 340, 270 (2), 311, 528, 
595, 648, - 

eses.. CUStOMS, see Customs, aliens’. 

sa , denization of, see Denization. 

ineas, , trade passing to, 167 (2), 290. 


Allaxton, co. Leicester, lands of, 39. 


Allegiance, oath of,alluded to, 83, 258, 616 (2). 


sereccecey ovoveey TOLUSAL to take, 644, 

a s sss... taken, 64, 311, 442, 538, 595. 
Allen, Sir Edm., Bart., 387. 

ee e r aao, WLLCHOL, OS (a 


aian anaE , Arabella, daughter of, 387. 
SE s.. Jas., request by, 656. 

ES , John, King’s tailor, 336. 

ersero Lewzy, or Lewis, 513, 539. 

sees sesa «posses PEtItION Of, 913. 


seess Mr. (servant of the late King), 311. 
daratiesasy JASCO ONA; 


Allenson, Capt. Marmaduke, 486. 
Alles, Oege, 347. 
Allestree, Dr. Wm., letters of, 167, 428, 463. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Allestry, Dr. Rich., provost of Eton, 115. 
Alleyn, Edw., founder of Dulwich College, 
247, 263 (2). 


seeceveeey coeseey Will Of,-copy Of, 263. 

oS ea at , John, kinsman of, 248, 263 (3). 

siataig Wavosrgie sacees, PENODOL AE 

roaa EN , father of, 247. 

IAEE , Elias, kinsman of, petition of, 
263. 

sssseesesg seeeeey Thos., kinsman of, 247, 263. 


seatsarsey DIF EDOS., 2008 

Alli Aga (of Algiers ?), 603. 

Allin, John, 507. ; 

s... Or Alleyn, Sir Thos., commander of 
the Straits fleet, 15, 23, 31, 79, 101, 
163, 175, 187, 205, 219, 226, 228-230, 
241, 243, 263, 266-269, 271, 276, 292, 
334, 346, 349, 357, 384, 392, 395 (2), 
401, 402, 405, 414 (2), 416, 422, 427, 
436, 440, 449, 473, 483, 484, 487, 522, 
548, 550, 577, 579, 587, 590, 592, 595, 
628. 

aanta sty ee... accounts by, 632, 633. 

sascseeeey aseene COLtificate by, 350. 

cae esses e»... directions for, 384, 385, 398, 404. 

eens see seoeesy Letters Of, 106, 116, 179,°266, 
398, 404, 422, 447, 506, 546, 547, 553, 
555, 602 (2), 619, 627, 629. 

anase ¥oouvey aossucy alluded €0, 70) 402, 505. 

SOA OOO AEEA , petition of, 640. 

ieee esses eeoens , ships of, or fleet under, 15, 33, 
107, 200, 248 (2), 250, 251, 271, 275- 
277, 279 (2), 282, 294, 318, 329, 345, 
348, 363, 369, 377, 383, 384, 402, 404, 
405, 410, 414, 416-418, 422, 428, 430, 
444, 487, 494, 500, 505, 582, 591, 601, 
604, 624. 

Allington, William, Lord Allington, 651. 

Maisie ins snerta BOLLOTLOLcO4. 

meats shy eesse g WMOther Of, 54. 

Allsop, see Alsop. 

Almeras, M. de, 603. 

Alresford, or Alsford, Hants, letters dated 
from, 151, 152. 

sseseveesy resident at, 265. 

Alsace, Governor of, 407, 

Alsop, or Allsop, Peter, letter to, 201. 

Aqsonucne s sss... George son of, 201, 213. 

Althorpe, Norfolk (?), 471, 474. 

Alvares, Samuel, 422. 

Alworth, Jo., 347. 

Ambassadors, residents, or envoys, English, 
abroad, 180, 190, 225, 287, 509; see 
also the various countries, ambassadors 


to. 
ee Allowances to, 192, 252, 265 (3). 
EPA DINN , rules for, 612. 
sesacvavay LISt OT, 290. 
teseseeeey SECTEtaries or stewards of, 612. 
iaa ina , foreign, in England, 253, 340, 375 (E 


357, 509 ; see also the various countries, 
ambassadors from. 


seoseveeey precedents relating to, 509. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Ambleside, Westmoreland, letter dated from, 
473. 
Amboyna, East Indies, 250. 
Amsterdam, 410, 548. - 
< eveseeeeey Keyser Graft in, 619. 
seinen , letters dated from, 33, 375. 
Been Ras > «ooseey alluded to, 619 (2). 
O _+e, native of, 337. 
escoseesey Dt. Peter le Grand in, 141. 
ret , ships of, 101, 341, 356, 432, 632. 
Tenauee’s , ships to or from, 31, 148, 221, 288, 
378, 379, 409, 457, 489 (2), 604. 
essee... travellers to or from, 214, 375. 
Amwell, Herts, New River from, 371, 378, 505, 
600. 
Anabaptists, 94, 278, 404, 420, 564. 
Ancram, Earl of, see Kerr. 
Anderson, Fras., letter of, 77. 
eco , Lady, 325, 452, 457, 467, 471 (3), 472, 
474, 482, 483, 488, 492, 496 (3). 
Anderton, Mathew, 254, 590. 
aioe swiss > «+... letters, &c., of, 22, 163, 167, 235, 
251, 307, 324, 367, 375, 407, 432, 462, 
490, 496, 497, 503, 571, 629. 
Andover, Viscount, see Howard, Charles. 
Andrews, Chris., 147, 287, 402. 
ogo 5 onde , petition of, 255. 
ies Taa , John, B.A., 308, 356. 
Apa a > ses... petition of, 353. 
CaO » Rob., 170. 
RE Capt., 91. 
Andros, Amice, 253. 
ees cs , E., letters of, 196, 239, 248. 
Anglesey, Earl of, see Annesley. 
Annan, Scotland, borough and burgess of, 517. 


Annesley, Arthur, Earl of Anglesey, as late 
Vice-Treasurer for Ireland, 258. 


ADET ecasan , as Navy Treasurer, 6, 29, 35, 
53, 123, 883, 448 (2), 516, 620, 658. 
eden sey seeeeey Cashier to, 454. 
Seerat s se... letters of, 81, 84, 158, 530, 554. 
saseda a esses) Petitions Of, 90, 589. 
on eaas , e... SUSpension Of, 56, 83, 253, 389, 


427, 454, 620. 
Annesley, Capt., 326, 383. 
Annis, Rich., 30. 
essa onvess, PCtition of, 14. 
AGk mous letters, 1384, 206, 280 (2), 357. 
ene sieissts paper, 541. 
OE persons, letters to, 87 (2), 563. 


Ansley, Capt. Abra., master attendant at 
Portsmouth, 284, 431, 432, 586. 

Eao eee asics saps , letters of, 16, 41, 63, 339, 370, 
376 (2), 416, 427, 431, 518, 576, 580, 
583, 601, 611, 615. 

Antigua, West Indies, ship to, 22. 

Antwerp, posts from, 214. 

" (eseseesey traveller to, 528. 

Appeal, Court of, see Prizes. 

Appeals, Commissioners of, see Excise. 

Appleby, Westmoreland, prisoner in, 644. 


663 


Apsley, Sir Allan, M.P., Master of the 
Hawks, 617. 

ETS > e... aS Lieutenant of the Tower, 622. 

E E , letter of, 39. 

OTA » eosevey letter to, 549; 

Oaa ay ORI , son of, 617. 


Apsom, ships of, 81, 446. 

Arabic language, books or writings in, 599, 
631. 

Aragon, Don Juan at, 205. 


Archer, John, petition of, 127. 

Sir John, Justice of Common Pleas, 
240. 

dese sexes) RENT , letter of, 420. 

PoC > seevesy letter to, 846. 

feet , Mr., 656. 

Arches, Court of, 603. 

PEREAS EA , Judge of, reference to, 103. 


seeceeeeey procurator or proctor of, 261 (?); see 
also Franklyn, Sam. 


sa eereeeey 


r Archimedes, 94. 


Ardrey, Mr., Chester, 407. 

Argyle, Earl of, see Campbell. 

Arlington, Lord, see Bennet. 

Armenia, merchant of, 641. 

IR , natives of, 641. 

Armenians, 477. 

Arminger, Jeremiah, 628. 

Armorer, Sir Nich., 3, 136, 297, 858, 509, 522. 


EAA sey oaeee) Horses Of, 285. 
ARET, eaire naei letters OL 3, 47, 116, 288, 307. 
Apnnose estima etek tooo. 


Armoury Office, 50, 521; see also Westminster, 
armoury at. 


teresse OULCCIS, O21 

Armstrong, Sir Thos., 318. 

Army, the, arrears of, 511. 

sensers , disbanding or reduction of, 57, 578. 
s... Officers of, 460. 

evs ese seses, COUNCIL Of, alluded to, 648. 


EELER ES > s.s.. petitions of, for relief or arrears, 
128, 155. 


AREO DA , Protestant, 90 (2). 


Arnee OIE , reduced, disbanded, or indigent, 
51, 62, 89, 102 103, 154, 333, 501, 620. 


vances HOCS Of, 5354676 
reese, Widows of, lists of, 52, 


"53 (2). 
Jania te 5 +seeeey reformed, petitions of, 130 (4). 


ENOCE , Roman Catholic, disability of, 
90, 130 (3), 181, 641, 642. 


Tonede ea , Paymaster of, see Fox, Sir Stephen. 


se... Guards and garrisons, regiments, or 
companies of, 20, 53, 373. 


asesores eres CCreMOnial of, 320. 

seeceseery seeeee MONEY for, or payment of, 41, 
"261, 620. 

secsevvcey cooeeey MOVEMENTS Of, 23. 

EA 3 see.. DEW establishment of, 202, 646 


eoeeroe 


ae e AAN establishment of, 646. 


664 


Army, Guards, regiments, &e.—cont. 


Saaran > sss... payments for, 82, 139. 

ADOAOD CAS p... Admiral’s or Duke of York’s, 
9, 103. 

poise Seaton , Coldstream, 102. 

seapteeacy anae £00t,°62; 180, 82056411, 

ESRT BEO , Holland, 625 (2). 

Race le > seeseey horse, 41, 89, 90, 130, 320, 
641. 

ATEO pleceresp enon ep BUATTA house of, 82. 

AA A E Oeange , marshal of, 606. 

A F asiawe , King’s or Royal, 26, 103, 121, 
198, 212, 261, 

Actin Dieses eres COLOUTS LOT: 2 Ore 

Jot E E o A O E A 

ETA sey s... Lord General’s, 103, 267, 629. 

Scoa9nd0n » ere. COMMMissions in, alluded ee 3 

N a ae n e ETANTE OL VAZ: 

Canta 62, 70, 276, 346, 520, 567, 
629. 


Captain-Lieutenant, 78. 
Chaplain, 121, 
Ensighs, 62, 252, 322, 416, 426, 
429 (2), 520, 608, 610, 625. 
Lieutenants, 26, 62, 245, 322, 500, 
520, 612 (3), 625. 
Major, 26. 
Armytage, John, letter of, 272.. 
Arney, John, 334. 
Arnold, John, 396. 


P , John, sheriff of Monmouthshire, 
247. 

oa , Michael, 82. 

RAN 7 ME 29: 

Arra [Arrow?], co. Warwick, parish of, 
502. 


Arran, Earl of, see Butler, Richard. 

Arscott, Rich., 651. 

Arthur, Prince of Wales (son of Henry VII.), 
368. 

Arthur, Dan., 210. 

SESER , bowyer (?), 467. 

Artiague, Pierre de, 5. 

Artillery ground, see London, streets, &c., in. 

Arts, Bachelors. of, 183, 227 (2), 290 (2), 
308 (2), 347, 353 (2), 356, 439, 440 
(2), 526, 567, 628. 

ST , Masters of, 39, 50, 64, 89, 96-98, 
121, 184, 268 (2), 277, 290 (3), 293, 
294, 300, 338, 346, 871, 387, 407, 411, 
416, 440, 441, 443, 450, 525, 527, 565, 
575, 597, 642. 

Arundel, Earls of, see Howard. 


PETT , Henry, third Baron Arundel of 
Wardour, 109, 225, 503, 514. 

Spocaonon , John, Lord Arundel of Trerice, 646. 

Arundel, Sussex, timber to, 503. 

aes sees, traveller to, 354, 


Ascott, Lord, see Dormer. 
Ascue, see Ask. 

Ash, Wm., 150. 

Ash, Isle of, West Indies, 252. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Ashburnham, Sir Denis, Bart., 217 (2). 

Aae , John, groom of the bedchamber, 122, 
224 (?). 

sees oboa , warrants to, 183, 184. 

sees .... Wm., cofferer of the household, 83, 
336, 390, 597. 

Ashdown Forest, Sussex, 46. 

Ashdowne, Mr., of Tunbridge, 241, 

Ashe, James, 535. 

Ashenhurst, Humble (robber), 145, 208, 430, 
438. 

Ashfield, Sir Rich., Bart., 446. 


Ashford, Kent, arms at, 553. 

Ashley, Lord, see Cooper, Anthony Ashley. 

Ashley, Sir Wm., 191. 

Ashmole, Elias, 231. 

Ashton, Corporal, 202. 

Ask, or Ascue, Judge, 425 (2). 

Aslaby, T., letter of, 516. 

Assessments, see Taxes. 

Assigny, Marius de, B.D., petition of, 573. 

Assize, judges and justices of, see Judges. 

Assizes, 113, 114, 339 (2), 495. 

Astley, Fras., 335. : 

Aston, Walter, Lord Aston, Lieutenant of 
Needwood Forest, 374, 416, 443, 444. 


Pr sssey svveery letters of, 324, 825, 375, 4152 
aeaee ay obeas TODOLOS 294 

SENERA y aleas , wife of, 325. 

E seep eseeces father Of, S24 


Atheism, 347. 

Atherstone, co. Warwick, fairs at, 347, 374, 

Atherton, Jonathan, petition of, 304. 

Atking, Sam., 290. 

Atkins, Col. Sir Jonathan, 
Guernsey, 329. 


Governor of 


aooaa occon , letters of, 344, 378, 407, 438, 
469, 473, 569. 
OT 9 areara petition of, 127. 


Attorney-General, see Palmer, Sir G. 

Atwood, Wm., 105. 

Aubigny, Lord (Stuart, George), 130. 

Aucher, Sir Ant., letter of, 402. 

AONT z secas BODOR 402: 

Anerlaad! co. Durham, prebends of, 823. 

Audley End, Essex, King or Court at, 8, 10, 
14, 23, 65. 

..) letters dated from, 11, 18-15, 17, 18, 
BESO ..., purchase of, 282, 317, 468, 511. 
Austin, Sir Jobn, 539, 548. 
cease , Mr., pass for, 288. 

Austria, Don Juan of, 205. 
Avanias (taxes levied by Turkey), 101. 
Avelyn’s Grove, Berks, 323. 
Aversberg, see Haversberg. 
oa: Wm., town clerk of London, 511. 


ae , keeper of Newgate, certificate by, 
"195. 

Axtell, Wm., certificate by, 85. 

Axwell, co. Durham, resident at, 657. 

Aye (? Eye, Suffolk), minister of, 243. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Aylesbury, or Ailesbury, Earl of, see Bruce. 
Ayloffe, Counsellor Jos., letter of, 583. 
RESAS s sseveey Statement by, 28. 

ee Thos., 194. 

Ayres, Edmond (?), receipt by, 209. 
Ayscough, Sir Edward, 337. 

aaner DLT) PASS FOr, S10 


B 


Babbington, Mr., of Newark, 36. 
Babington, Hum., M.A., 387. 
ETT , Phil., request by, 304. 
Bachellor, John, tender by, 636. 
Backwell, Alderman, Edw., 


52 
Achar s.. Edw., King’s shepherd, 366. 
Bacon, Arthur, 100. 
Sasa [Fras.], works of, alluded to, 55. 
Badcock, John, letter of, 49. 
Baddison, Mr., 523. 
Bagot, Cornet Aden, 281. 
wasteenee , Wat., 308. 
Bagshaw, Hen., certificate by, 646. 
Bagshot, Surrey, letters dated from, 483 (2). 
Baines, Wm., 573, 


Baker, Capt. Jacob, letters of, 435, 454, 461, 


526. 
e ., John, 32. 
e.as. ROger, 165, 658. 


By eae ane , letters of, 165, 182, 189, 214, 


286, 308, 615. 
ONE , Dr. Sam., 592. 
RIIS , Capt., postmaster, 307, 
A beep, 
Baldwer, Rich., B.A., 133. 
Baldwin, John, letter of, 359. 
Balfour, Sir Wm., 622. 
Ball, Capt. Andrew, letters of, 317, 319. 


AA » Henry, letter to, 394. 

eneee sees Jey Cashier of Excise, 2 17y 
gaaon . Capt. John, 52. 

seee cea ranea HOnOria, widow of, 53. 
eea enee eea aa PETON Oluo21((2))s 
aieea MOLE a7 os 

aaa , Rich., 429. 

associate ., Sam., M.A., 440, 443. 


teeees unre DECLIN OL ALGa 
Talants, Sir Wm., 198.. 
Ballard, John, 403. 
Balldee, John, petition of, 157. 
Ballduck, Mr., son of, 409. 
Balthasar, M., 560. 
Baltic Sea, ships from, 407. 
Agno ., trade of, 291 (2), 316, 


105, 110, 175, 
200, 258, 401, 428, 459, 471, 474, 501, 


665 


Balzac [John Lewis Guez de], 
alluded to, 261. 


Bambrig, Chris., 362, 380. 

Banister, Jas., letter of, 484. 

se sugige ced eA , wife of, 484. 

seoveseeey SErjt.-Major, 62, 410. 

Bankes, Hen., 612. 

Bankruptcy, laws, &c., relating to, 114. 
Bankrupts, Commissioners of, offices of, 245. 
Banks, John, request of, 136. 

Snoot ..» Paul, 656. 

Bantam, ships to or from, 266, 457. 


Barbadoes, island of, West Indies, 22, 220, 
358, 403, 554. 


esses... ASSeMDlYy of, 22. 


letters of, 


EE , Bridge Town in, rebuilding of, 90, 
144, 324. 

seess... Commissioners at, 144. 

ERES , condition of, 144, 473, 525, 575. 

SPOCK .... defence of, 369. 


eeeeseeeey Governor Of, 507. 

ancl ss , hurricane in, 22, 558, 565. 

A , negroes in, 459. 

seseseey TESidents at, 403, 507 (2), 

sesenta SHIPS tOROL ITOM Sraa SA72. 
88 (2), 90, 111, 119, 121, 144, 166, 169, 
178, 181, 194, 205, 228, 275, 304, 358, 
365, 369, 373, 378, 404, 413, 415 (3), 
432, 449, 450, 473, 475, 482, 485, 
507 (2), 516, 520, 525, 546, 565, 575, 


621. 
castes , travellers from, 465. 
Barbary, 163, 168. 
sesseeeee, coaSt Of, ships on, to, or from,169, 318, 


553, 603, 619, 629, 633. 
Barber, Capt. Edmund, 23. 
agesas , Rob., sheriff of Dorsetshire, 568. 
seeeeeeeey Mr., under-sheriff of Norfolk, 535. 
Barber Surgeons’ 

companies of. 
Barbere, Bertrand de, 504. 
Barella (East Indies), island of, 131. 
Barker, Chris., 229, 245, 321, 349. 
., petitions of, 229, 394. 
avedseasosswoseess SON ON 24D. 
EEE , Dr. Edmund, 93, 98, 113. 
e SLS 
sosceveveg cosecey letters Of, 382 (2). 
ee , letter to, 381. 
keseser es JONN, Mariner, 32. 
eese Win, information by, 193. 
eresse Ald, Wm., tender by, 636. 
marsen: Dr, Wn, 262, 268. 
EEO , Mr., nonconformist minister, 248.. 
nodenciic ., Mr., prisoner, 22, 
a ia , Mr., of Ireland, 15, 230. 
Barkstead, Col., 622. 
Barley, see Corn. 


Barlow, Dr. Thos., Provost of Queen’s College, 
Oxford, 45, 49, 115. 


A etier, of, 48, 814. 


Company, see London, 


ee eeeerery coves 


coeetorrrs 


666 


Barnard, Edw., 80 (2). 
daeseeess , Sir Edward, 606. 


O , John, letter of, 283. 

Barnard Castle, co. Durham, persons at, 342. 
esse... Sands, wreck near, 144. 

Barnstaple, Archdeacon of, 403. 


eses... letters dated from, 31, 77, 110, 207, 
355, 567. 

essees; Ships Of, 110, 118, 545. 

oseetee sa , ships to, 77, 207, 355, 567. 


Baron, Lord Chief, see Hale, Sir Matthew. 

Baron, Ant., 121. 

nopdanGad , Hartgill, 462, 504. 

Se r TRA cee , petition of, 208. 

Baronetcies, re-grant of, 108, 109, 184. 

Baronets, 26, 30, 61, 70, 71, 78, 82, 94, 108, 
109 (2), 153, 163, 181, 188, 193, 212, 
215, 217, 222, 232, 242, 313, 338, 353, 
367, 384, 387, 390, 399, 413, 433, 441, 
446, 490, 500, 514, 516, 532, 539, 543, 
553 (2), 558, 568, 578, 588, 592, 595, 
597, 603, 621, 626, 645 (2), 648, 649, 
652-654, 657. 

es... creations of, alluded to, 441, 458. 

esccsoveey cessc] Warrant for, 410. 

FA AO piesis a cocoon ABKO LOP LST 

Barri, Nath., sectary, 94. 

Barroe, Nath., inventor, 869. 

Barrow, Dr. Isaac, Bishop of Man, 255. 

Basing, Lord St. John of, see Paulet. 

Basire, Isaac, D.D., 228, 470. 


sestevessy evsevey IDTORMAGON by, 268: 

G56 (009 > seee letter of, 450. 

sseesesery eoeceey Wife, Son, and family of, 450. 
Suctioodad yes... LSaac, janr., son of, letter of, 470. 


Baskerville, James, letters of, 20, 39, 59, 111, 
122, 146, 169, 181, 186, 209, 221, 240, 
250, 255, 269, 300, 481, 493, 558. 

Bassano, Henry, 446. 

Basset, Sir Arthur, 181, 276. 


aea 3 ses... petition of, 640. 
Canona , Joshua, 293 (8), 294. 
STE +) seese, petition of, 293, 


Basso, Antonio, 90. 

Bastian, Michael, 277. 
Bateman, John, 60. 

T , Matt., 583. 

ear Wa lis 

Bates, Rich., 652. 

seveseeeey Roger and Rob., 361. 


Bath, Earl of, see Grenville, John. 
Bath, Knights of the, 130, 653, 659. 
Bath, Somerset, 113, 432. 

socesveeey ASSIZES for, 113 (8), 114. 
seseeeseey garrison at, 114. 

eseese Letter dated from, 432, 


e Mayor, Aldermen, and citizens of, 
petition of, 113. 


Battaglia, Mat., 312, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Battailhé, M., 37. 

Batten, Edw., 636. 

Bawtree, Edw.; letters of, 156, 159. 

Bawtry, Yorks and Notts, letter dated from, 


630. 
aadete , timber at, 606, 630. 
Baxter, Henry, letter of, 10. 
essees... | Rich.,] nonconformist, 420. 
Baylie, Fras., ship-builder, 32, 49, 158. 
odode caez seeeeey letters Of, 32, 50, 302, 334. 
sasise a ee ee Le LLeLatO mous 
Bayly, Lewis, proposals by, 450. 
RTS . Thos., tender by, 126. 


Baynard, John, affirmation of, 614. 

Baynes, Chris., letter of, 167. 

Bayonne, France, English consul at, 5. 

Sere ciisre , natives of, 422. 

ro aeaa , resident at, 5. 

ssvasgerey SHIPS fTOM pol Ta. 

Bayton, co. Worcester, parish of, 410. 

Beach, Capt. Rich., 632. 

OSA EI , letters of, 6, 29, 339, 343, 345, 
348, 370. 

Beacham, Ralph, 621. 

eee sey Lhos., 138. 


_ Beaconsfield, Bucks, rectory of, 268, 277. 


Beale, Barth, certificate by, 518. 
Beanes, Mr., 167. 


Beare, East and West, Hants, woods in, 487, 
533. 


Beary, Capt., 292. 
Beaudesert, co. Stafford, letter dated from, 465. 
Beaufort, Due de (Frangois de Vendosme), 


French Admiral, 194, 324, 331, 364, 
438, 444, 451, 492. 


Beaulieu, Hants, monastery of, 592. 

Beaumaris, Bay of, traveller from, 324. 

seora ANS Irom, 16% ; 

Beaumont, Sir Thos., High Sheriff of Lei- 
cestershire, 304, 308. 

Bebington, Mich., affidavit of, 569. 

Beccles, co. Norfolk, sessions at, 159. 

Beck, James, serjeant-at-arms, 222. 

sssesoeee sese... Warrant to, 222. 

ERO. , Sam., junr., 539. 

sseesceses CADE. GOZON. 

Beckford, Major, 506. 

Bedfont, co. Middlesex, resident at, 618. 

Bedford, letter dated from, 418. 

Bedfordshire, 61, 550, 645. 

recor , place in, 188. 

ETOO ., Sheriffs of, 562. 

Bedingfield, Sir Fras., 143. 

Beebey, John, letter of, 48. 


Beeford, alias Biford, co. York, rectory of, 
247, 322. 


Beeling, Sir Rich., 230, 251. 

Beer and Ale, 469, 548. 

A » excise of, 437. 

tenesse for the Navy, 296, 385, 482, 586. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Behn, Aphara, or Fyhare, letter of, 127. 
.+, petitions of, 127 (8). 
e s e.e... Mother of, 127. 

Beiston, Wm., 136. 


Belasyse, J a, Lord Belasyse, captain of the 
band of Gentlemen pensioners, Go- 
vernor of Hull, 87, 129, 213, 297. 

teeeeeeey sesse, Certificate by, 80. 

seececeeey sosse letter to, 655. 

Banai s sseveey DOTE by, 578. 

....., Thomas, Viscount Fauconberg, Lord 
Lieutenant of the East Riding of York- 
shire, ambassador to Venice, 270, 576, 
591, 597, 604, 605, 614. 

.... chaplain of, 612. 

Bell, Wm., 631. 

Bellefonds, M. de, 509. 

Bellingham, Sir Dan., receiver for Ireland, 
15, 259. 

Bellott, Fras., letters of, 5, 17, 48, 72, 81, 101, 
110, 119, 152, 219, 234, 243, 252, 266, 
285, 296, 321, 331, 341, 365, 405, 428, 
437, 444, 451, 457, 465, 489, 494, 497, 
516, 550, 563, 595. 

Belloy, merchant, 656. 


ee eeveeery woos 


sseossesey oe 


Benet, see Bennet. 

Bennet, Henry, Lord Arlington, Secretary of 
State, 1 (2), 4, 5, 17, 18, 37, 44, 51, 
64, 70, 72, 84, 87, 88, 94, 115, 119, 
127, 137 (2), 146, 156, 157 (2), 159, 
172, 186, 191, 194-196, 232, 236, 244 
(2), 252, 312, 321, 381 (2), 333, 349, 
367 (2), 880-382, 398, 414, 444, 466, 
467, 490, 496, 514, 530, 590, 591, 607, 
654 (2). 

ee seses see.. AS Comptroller of Prizes, 317. 

seeseoeeey ecoeeey AB Postmaster-General, 19, 34, 
95, 135, 240, 435, 448, 482, 522, 543, 
561. 

ESENES IS ERAS , as Governor of Sutton’s Hos- 
pital, 172 (2). 

corsceeesy evvevey attendance on, 272, 452, 535, 
627, 

sevvevsery soveeey COLtificates by, 197, 278, 604. 

sscesseeey «saira Chaplain to, see Bold, Hen. 


ROUER > sses. declaration by, 159. 

Tavesacoey osese GEBCTIPHON Of, Sél. 

SEESE y +s...» despatches by, list of, 139. 

saveceeeey eases CXAMINations before, 88, 110, 
357. 


ssvoceeeey ceres grants and allowances to, 51,71, 
277, 592, 614. 

soveseveey eseese house or lodgings of, 33, 94, 
474; see also London, Goring House 
in. 

AP AE POROEE CONCH UMTS NOE PHN 

eseseseeey seess. influence of, solicited, 184, 198, 
'277, 310 (2), 324, 412, 501. 

sesoses evevoey influence with, alluded to, 388. 

aas KsevsisesieentsspaensyLCOUCSUSE LON SS: 1025) 89, 
95, 97, 135, 151, 170, 174, 179, 198, 
207, 224, 232, 238, 242, 278, 293, 294, 
310, 314, 318, 321, 325, 402, 416, 418, 
431, 448, 452, 456, 466, 524, 608. 


667 


Bennet, Henry, Lord Arlington—cont. 


IOA a , informations to or before, 
372, 873, 482. 

OT sess veveeey Marbles for, from Italy, 117. 

Hatt seer seses., Messages to, 472, 473, 484. 

MRO IGo ance . Office of, 256, 544, 567. 

a Bocas > «eeeeey letter addressed to, 628. 

sresveecey sssr Official concerns of, 27 (2), 297, 
307. 

seeccesesy sooveey payments tO, 336, 422. 

a A MeGncoe , personal notices of, 14, 18, 107, 


124, 155, 219, 250, 262, 381, 424, 470, 
475, 482, 483, 496. 


apcnodtiace: Sa +++», persons to be brought before, 
409, 411: 

AEE SR EAD] CERSEI , references to, and reports of, 
146, 166, 576. 

aa a e AACA tO 9A EIEC) 

sane seses +e...» Secretaries of, see Williamson, 
Joseph, and Swaddell, John. 

sovscecesy vovesey SeLVants Of, 482, 483. 

R NE , letters of, 8, 11, 15, 17, 44, 90, 


133 (3) (?), 297, 300, 336, 338, 350, 353, 
355, 408, 655 (3). 


3 sy meaa alluded to, 871, 378, 408, 
417, ‘419, 520, 524, 549, 562. 


sesscceesy seere Letters tO, 10; 20,27, 32, 66, 47, 
48, 50, 52-54, 66, 67, 93 (3), 97 (2); 
105, 134, 143, 177, 181, 186, 191, 196, 
219, 224 (2), 228, 229, 238, 240 (?), 272, 
279, 285, 290, 2938, 314, 324, 346, 348, 
351, 353, 372 (3), 377, 378, 391, 411, 
412, 417, 440, 442, 451, 453, 456, 484, 


488, 507, 517 (2), 559 (2), 564, 566, 
567, 623. 
E EOE s syes Alluded. t0, 10, 31, 325; 


366, 394, 396, 424, 438, 466, 467, 471 
(2), 474, 489, 492, 520, "535, 544, 

OESE ESNI, EENES, , notes, reports, or other papers 
by, 128, 166, 217, 265, 274, 320, 333, 
382, 411, 533, 640, 654 (2). 

ERODE ALERS , orders and warrants of, 146, 
228, 398. 

Spbnaivawesvacesae s seese: alluded to, 14, 70, 157, 
279, 288, 315, 878, 419, 437, 533. 

spesceseey soveeey OLdETS tO, 346, 352, 357, 590. 

sepsoverey soser Other papers for, or sent to, 75, 
91, 139, 162, 213, 259, 262, 266, 295, 
296, 301, 391, 402, 404, 469, 474, 557, 
570, 619. 

ee cease enc t , petitions or requests to, 37, 44, 
52, 53, 113, 123, 129 (2), 130 (2), 172, 
176, 255, 256, 315, 403, 437, 561, 564, 
578, 597, 627, 633 (2), 644, 647. 


AROACEE DEY OONNG +> esvevey Alluded to, 98, 186, 428, 


seeceverey eoveeey petitions of, 285, 640. 
T I E E G LO, LOM. 
savsseeeey svoeeey TECOMMEndation by, 213. 
on rA a a o E UOP Y 
srvseveray eveeeey Signature of, 467 ; also to refer- 
ences on petitions and warrants, passim, 


668 


Bennet, Henry, Lord Arlington—cont. 

sescsevery seeveey Warrants by, 201, 266, 274, 300, 
323, 468. 

aaae at EaR: , wife of (Isabel de Nassau), 
301, 466, 473, 559. 

OD a PGO , servant of, see Alexander. 

. , brother'of, see Bennet, Sir John. 

Bennet, or Benet, Ambrose, 529, 566, 569, 
590, 620. 

., Statements by, 84, 202, 203. 

hase as , Gilbert, 371. 

ess... John, bailiff, petition of, 640. 


BANOS , or Benet, Sir John, deputy-postmaster, 
95, 278, 301, 335, 522, 561, 595. 
Aarono opaa , letters of, 6, 17, 285, 302, 380, 
409. 

a nele Or ISOs 

e n RAS , Elizabeth, Countess Dowager of 
Mulgrave, his wife, 335. 

dosdsaces , Thos., 432. 

aeaea AON , petition of, 395. 

aeea eee DIC THOSS 202: 

sesenvare spadooae , daughter of, 202. 

Peer oe » Mr., 605. 

eSis » Mr., Cheshire, 136. 


Bens [Mathew], Dutchman, 26. 

Benson, Benj., 595, 618. 

eaan EEE , Edw., tender by, 624. 

e BOD., 356, 367, 656. 

AES oy etereoa Fequest by, 136: 

Bentham, Dr. Jos., letter of, 481. 

Bentheim [Ernest William], Count of, 23. 

Bentley Heath, co. Warwick (?), 33. 

Benyon, Sir George, 73, 217. 

Berceley, John, page of honour, 82. 

Bere, Eliz., letter of, 344. 

Bergen, Norway, 542. 

saseaees , timber from, 286. 

erode +e North, ship from, 630. 

Berkeley, Charles, Earl of Falmouth, 382. 

Rares +) sosise Mary, wife of, 62, 801. 

A E ode) Conde E Ole, “GY. 

asoan inar , George, Lord Berkeley of Berkeley. 

Castle, 225, 432. 

soo. senseo WHE Of, 432. 

«+eeeeeeey JOhn, Viscount Fitzharding, 251, 537, 
538. 

eseveeeeey Dir John, or Lord Berkeley of Stratton, 
Ordnance Commissioner, 114, 601, 651. 

sevasvoeey, conve, COMtiticate by, 212. 

aOGoRDsaC s ssesee, petition of, 285. 

AREE ashe TODOLC OM Oil, 

Berkeley, Arthur, 14. 

ssevaveres NIL Charlos, 29. 

sseseeeery, Dir Maurice, petition of, 640.. 

eresse Dir William, 829, 364. 

Berkeley Castle, co. Gloucester, 225, 

Berkenhead, brothers, 236. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Berkhampstead, Herts, Free School at, master 
of, 89, 78, 89. 

«s... inhabitants of, petition of, 39. 

S , St. Peter’s in, rector of, 39. 

Berkshire, Earl of, see Howard. 

Berkshire, collector in, 461. 


spnbnad ., deputy-lieutenant of, 270. 
aA , lands and places in, 55, 386. 
ansees ots residents in, 73, 108. 

keete teara SUCTURIOL, 209. * 
Maines Umber drom, S17s 


Berlin, traveller to, 287. 

Bernard, Edw., letter of, 197. 

seeeee) MOther of, 197. 
Berrington, Anne, 56. 

Berry, Capt. John, 164. 
eauavacseapeorensICtLCrIOl@LOgs 

sseeseveey Katherine, 56. 

sate ...„ Mr., of Grantham, 605. 

aharia , Sir —, 615. 

Bertie, Montague, Earl of Lindsey, 582. 
Bertie, Peregrine, 270 (2). 

ieaesess , Sir Peregrine, 645. 

Berty, Rob., 527. 

Berwick-upon-Tweed, duties or customs in, 


444, 
en eee) fish from, 161. 
sooveeesey Qarrison at, 119. 
Aocnodtad » Governor of, letter to, 655. 


Bessells, Mr., and Wm., his son, 619. 

Best, Matthew, 456. 

Bethel, Sir Hugh, 102. 

Betts, Isaac, letter of, 363. 

Beverley, Hen., 544. 

IAAT , Sir Thos., Master of Requests, 68, 69. 

Bexley, Kent, house in, 328. 

Bibles, see Books. 

Bicester, Oxon, sectaries at, 151. 

Bichford, Sampson, 333. 

Bickerstaff, Charles, or Sir Charles, 208. 

svecceesey cesses, account by, 435. 

Bickley, Cheshire, resident at, 522. 

Biford, co. York, see Beeford. 

Bilbao, Spain, report from, 565. 

aaeei eA es , Ships to or from, 66, 88, 107, 110, 232, 
235, 492, 563 (2), 579, 589. 

Bill, Major John, King’s printer, 287, 394. 

Billhay, co. Notts (?), timber at or from, 158, 
606. 


Billing, co, Northampton, letters dated from, 
452, 457, 497. 


serere.. letters from, alluded to, 482, 483, 495. 
seseeeeeey letters to, alluded to, 496 (2). 

CANNAE , traveller to, 481. 

Birch, Capt. Edw., see Oram. 

siskeceqes 0 OON, 231, 

PRAGA » Col., 193. 

Bird, or Harvey, Ellen, petition of, 640, 
eenias Nath, 632, 

Birdwhistle, Thos., 373.. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Birk, Wm., letter of, 450. 

Birkenhead, Theophilus, 225, 362. 

Birkhead, timber from, 237. 

Birmingham, nonconformists at, 655. 

Birstall, Wm., D.D., 212 (2), 518. 

Birtby, John, 256. 

Biscay, Bay of, ships to or from, 184, 196, 296, 
299. 


Bishop, Sir Cecil, 249. 

seoseis Greorge, 59. 

Pioo , John, 424. 

Bishops, 94, 299, 320, 321, 642; see also under 
the respective sees. 

ss... Lands and salaries of, 320. 

Bishop Stortford, Herts, coach to, 257. 

Bispham, Prebendary [Wm.], 490. 

Blackaby, John, 50. 

Blackborne, Jas., 400. 

casnbisscay Saras, LELLEIStOl,. 370, 388, 388; 

tseseoesey RO. letter of, 31. 

sasoeeiaargieacsecs LOLters! TOs DOs 159. 

Blackborow, Henry, tenders by, 126, 635. 

Blacket, Henry, 420. 

Black Sea, Sweden, traveller to, 375. 

Blackstakes, Kent, letter dated from, 6. 

Blackwall, Middlesex, ships at, 187, 304. 

seese Wrecks weighed at, 401. 

Blackwell, John, petition of, 557. 

Bladon, co. Oxon, rectory of, 532. 

Blague, Mary, 235. 

acd sees emer US DANG OL 8200. 

Blair, Brice, 517. ° 

Blake, George, 461, 629. 

Mates sy MT 292 

sseseseeey gamekeeper, 335. 


Blanchard, or Blancher, John, alias Browne, 
424-496. 


AEST 200002 , petition of, 127. 
Bland, Margaret, letter of, 591. 
saasa tean reire Ale NENON Oo. 


Blandford, Walter, Bishop of Oxford, 44, 266, 
333, 357, 536. 


oaee eer EErEE ,as Dean of the Chapel Royal, 
266, 312. 


aeee esg apaa COrtCato of SO. 


(1 


311, 333, 340, 346, 371, 386, 407, 430, 
518, 573, 575, 578, 599, 6 L0. 
Casaer at ara MULO tO 341. 


Oeoervoeey 


OOSA s ss... Chaplain of, petition of, 30. + 
Blanquefort (Duras, Louis de), Marquis de, 9, 
103. 


Blasu, M., 228. 
Blathwait, Wm., letter to, 228. 


Blaydes, Joseph, letters of, 26 (2), 185, 205, 
284, 356, 502, 519. 


Moves tesesncresess tater OF, 20,1284, 

Blayney, Mr., 18, 47, 215, 431, 520. 
Blencow, Tim., 346. 

Blickling, Norfolk, letter dated from, 213. 


669 


Blockley, co. Worcester, common at, 390. 
Blome, Rich., 233, 403. 
Blosse, Darcy, 149 (2), 150 (2), 185. 


ocot a aeeie , brother-in-law of, see Jowers, 
John. 

Blount, G., letter of, 175. 

AORT erence , M., wife of, note by, 175. 

eaea tea esre COUSIN OL LLD: 

E .. Thos., letters of, 87, 104. 

Bludworth, Sir Thos., J.P., 210. 

enestis esaret CCTUULCATE) DY I0 


Bluemantle Pursuivant-at-arms, 173, 294. 

Blundell, John, 19. 

seess reedy seer Warranties. 

reessees.3 OF Blunden, Squire, 490 (2). 

Blunt, Sir Henry, 474. 

eeno COl sonny aL Ue 

Boate, Benj., letter, &c., of, 12, 470. 

Boden, sectary, 373. 

Bodham, Edw., letters of, 206, 558. 

eses Wm., clerk of Woolwich ropeyard, 
letters of, 21, 81, 110, 112, 219, 235, 
292, 500, 532, 555, 566, 615 (2). 

Bodney, Norfolk, letter dated from, 607. 

Body, George, 216, 353. 

pega seasguveeeg tenders DY, 126, 635137- 

Boevey, Mr., 250. 

Bohemia, Elizabeth, Queen of, daughter of 
James I., 255, 375, 509. 


seereeeeey eveeeey SONS OÔ, see Palatine Elector, and 
Rupert. 


Bohemia, reformed churches in, 311. 

Bold, Henry, B.D., chaplain to Lord Arlington, 
23, 54, 76, 80, 327. 

Bolles, John, 245. 

Bolton, Clara, petition of, 403. 

eessen ceace late husband of, 403. 


eeng Die SAMs, LIL (2): 

RAT .. priest, 381. 

Bolton, Westmoreland, resident at, 570. 
e... Abbey (?), co. York, traveller to, 488. 


Bombridge, Cuthbert, certificate by, 85. 
Bona, ships at, 522. 
Bond, Capt. Giles, 593, 601. 


FOO wey asa . letters of, 28, 79, 170, 253, 441, 
448, 611, 620. 


siseaseeey Sit Thos., 18 (2), 98, 98, 148, 504, 
509, 514, 534, 550, 610, 611, 633. 

aSenovocantcseu's , letters of, 98, 236. 

PETE s seses., request by, 633. 

Bonoricis, Jacob, letter of, 279. 


| Books, tracts, pamphlets, &c., 17, 314, 471. 


seeseeeeey AUthOrs Of, 201, 654. 


sses Catalogue of, see “ Mercurius Li- 
brarius.” 


ssesseseey Classical, 493, 539. 
seeseeeeey dedication of, 314, 
SOOO ., library of, 631. 
seveveeesy lists of, 141 (4). 
aura MIS 197, 519,681. 
spestesees seese POEMS, 699. 


670 


Books, &¢.—cont. 

essees, MEWSPapers, see Newspapers. 
seseseesey POPISH, 853 (2). 

Fave dese’ printed abroad, 314. 


eas , printers of, see Printers. 
seeeeeeey printing of, 405, 409,493, 539, 564, 654. 
T , scandalous or unlicensed, 30, 37, 107, 


130, 133, 140, 266, 280 (2), 342, 353, 
393, 446, 654. 
sseseearey titles of, VIZ. :— 
Alarum, 541. 
Almanacs, 493. 
Bibles, foreign, 394. 
A . Polyglot, 275. 
Brief Method, 357. 
Catechism, by Hugo Grotius, 65. + 
Christ’s Famous Titles, 130. 
Common Prayer, book of, 517. 
Cynegeticon; or poem of hunting, 65. 
Dictionarium Minus, 65. 
Electra, by Sophocles, 65. 
Friendly Debate, 409. 
Geographies, 233, 403. 
Grammars, Greek and Latin, 539. 
Hawkers Desired to Stand, 141. 
Heptaglot Lexicon, 312. 
Judgment, 342. 
Jus Nobilitatis, 659. 
King’s Primer, 280 (2). 
King’s Psalter, or Psalterium Caro- 
linum, 280 (2). 
Latin Lyrics, 314. 
Looking-glass for George Fox, &c., 
140. 
Mariner’s Magazine, 435. 
Meditations for Every Day in the 
Year, 357. 
Mercuries, 141. 
Mercurius Librarius (catalogue), 
148, 315 (2), 632, 660. 
Militant Christian, 201. 
Muggleton’s book, something in an- 
swer to, 140. 
Nehushtan, 29, 80, 32. 
Painter, 141. 
Passing Bell of Controversies, 357, 
Present State of England, 141. 
Primers, psalters and psalms, 280. 
Queen Mother, elegies on, 598, 659. 
Queries about Ireland, 110. 
Sandy Foundation Shaken, 92, 98, 
Sober Queries, a few, 140. 
Treaties, 474, 


True interpretation of the Witch of 
Endor, 659. 


Votum candidum, vivat rex, 654. 

Vox et Lacrimentum ([Lacrime] 
Anglorum, 141. 

Whole Method of Hearing the Mass, 
353. 


World’s Mistake, 140, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Booksellers, 140, 141, 815, 353, 357, 409, 411, 
632, 654. 

ESA , company of, see London, City Com- 
panies. 

Booth, George, first Lord Delamere, 608. 

sopra sey s... Eliz., daughter of, letter of, 629. 

Booth, Nath., 428. 

Seed .... Mr., London, 66. 

Booty, Mr., Duke of Monmouth’s gentleman, 


472. 
Bordeaux, France, citadel of, 587. 
sdieseeas , Natives or citizens of, 114, 587. 
EEE river, ships in, 587. 


ES .... Ships of, 589, 616. 

Mores , ships to or from, 17, 25, 27, 59, 66, 
75, 76, 81, 88 (2), 87, 96, 101, 107, 114, 
122, 152, 169 (2),174, 178, 181, 183 (2), 
184, 201, 207, 209, 229, 240, 277, 285, 
296, 437, 440, 442, 513, 552, 560, 567, 
581, 588, 585, 587 (2), 588, 600, 605, 
616, 624, 625. 

Boreel, John (Dutch ambassador ?), 375, 651. 

Boreman, Sir Wm., 612. 

ssevthintss oane Otte TONT Oe 

Bork Island, co. York, resident at, 573. 

Bornholm, island of, Denmark, 186. 

Borush, Mr., 421. 

Bosley Chapel, Cheshire, meeting at, 354, 373. 


Bossuet [Jacques], Abbé, funeral oration by, 


569. 
Bostock, Ralph, 102. 
danasonsss aah ares LOCLer On AOS 


Boston, co. Lincoln, ships of or to, 59, 166, 583. 


seese New England, ships at or from, 181, 
530. 


Boswell, Edw., 132, 212, 246. 

Boteler, Mr., 129. 

Bothwick, Capt. Rich., 337 (3). 

Botley, Sam., messenger of the Chamber, 
warrants to, 105, 278, 279. 

Boulogne, France, ship to, 555. 

Boultwell, see Bowtwell. 

Bourke, Rich., 430, 438. 

Bourne, Wm., B.A., 440. 

Bovey, Paul, 517. 

Bovey-Tracy, co. Devon, vicar and vicarage 
Of, 055005 708 

Bowden, Capt., 394. 

Bowden, co. Chester, tithes of, 608. 

Bowen, Eliz., 211. 

eaaa OAP ats aye BR 

cue dencena tonnes , letters of, 352, 395, 

Bower, George, letter of, 148. 

E » John, letters of, 381, 413, 630. 

TAON , Rich., 401, 407, 410, 413, 438, 525, 

594, 

NSn EN REARS ; letters of, 4, 10, 21, 27, 31, 82) 
38, 51, 59, 68, 75, 77, 95, 99, 107, 111, 
119, 144, 159, 166, 178, 183 (2), 188, 
194, 198, 201, 209, 221, 231, 235, 243, 
251, 266, 277, 288, 297, 307, 331, 345, 
360, 371, 387, 458, 466, 481, 489. 


GENERAL INDEX. | 


Bower, Rich.—cont. 
deecceerey sveces NOTE DY, 583. 


>e Ann, wife of, letters of, 399, 
413, 428, 511. 


Monae RS , Leonard, son of, letters of, 401, 
407, 409, 438, 552, 590, 594. 

waetet eas Nie , W., son of, letter of, 525. 

Bowers, Mr., 138. 

Bowes, Rob., Cockermouth, 239. 

Bowles, Wm., 124, 454. 

Scsisesecs OIE WM., Si. 

SaNa sy sse... petitions of, 640, 641. 

ae ET > seeeeey daughter of, 640. 

Bowman, John, information by, 228. 

Bowtwell, or Boultwell, Dan., 361, 392, 491, 
498. 

sese., letters of, 254, 377, 429. 

Bowyer, Mr., 49. 

Boyle, Richard, second Earl of Cork and first 
Earl of Burlington, 279, 300, 367. 

aaae e T Ae , Charles, his son, Lord Clifford, 
375. 

ess... Roger, Earl of Orrery, 135, 300, 307, 
345, 352, 357, 378, 384, 413, 492. 

essees eien , as Lord President of Munster, 
388, 447. 

ahat are aigres VATLA. TEOM 44:7, 

LOONE seoser family of, 567. 

sessseeeey sovceey Margaret, wife of, 20, 502. 


Dee ease Breet. , Roger, son of, Lord Broghill, 


seeeeeoees + 


denen aeaea aa WIL OL. 002; 

oaa > «++... daughter of, 502. 

sssceveeey eseese, Katherine, sister of, see Jones, 
Katherine, Lady Ranelagh. 


Boyle, Michael, Archbishop of Dublin and 
Primate of Ireland, 518, 522, 560. 


AEGA , Ro., letter of, 261. 

Boynton, Col. Matt., 127, 308. 

eveseseeey eoseeey Catherine, daughter of, 308. 
eao aene LAW En ISLET ODIT? 
EEAS Re e UOMO EN OG 
Boys, Rich., 621. 

aooorde roA ; proposals, &c., by, 435, 526. 


Brabant, Henry, letters to, 77(2). 

Brabazon, Edward, second Earl of Meath, 472. 

Eea , petition of, 647. 

Brabins, Thos., deposition of, 465. 

Bradfield Park, Essex, resident at, 413. 

Bradford, Dan., 308, 

Bradley, John, messenger, 121. 

ENEE 3 ssesesy Walrants tO, 222, 298. 

Bradshaigh, Sir Roger, 378, 394. 

Bradshaw, John, or Lord Bradshaw, 425 (2). 

TOTA s sse... SELVant to, 425. 

Brady, Dr. Rob., Master of Caius College, 
Cambridge, certificate by, 293. 

Braham, Sir Rich., 462, 504. 

Bramcote-cum-Trowell, co. Notts, manor of, 
211. 


671 


Brames, Sir Arnold, 289. 

Bramford, Suffolk, resident at, 149. 

Bramston, Mounteford, 337. 

Brandenburg [Frederic William], Elector of 
Envoy Extraordinary to, 84, 287. 

Brandon, Lord Gerard of, see Gerard. 

Brandon, or Brawne, co. Warwick, 145. 

Brandy, 550. 


esses... Ships laden with, 203, 341, 352, 442, 
578, 581, 587. 


Bransby, Rob., 38. 

enoe casg eesse LOLtOLS Of, 223; 4591 967: 
eaer LOS. 38 

Branthwaite, Cumberland, resident at, 136. 
Brathwait, Rich., letter of, 473. 

Brattell, Mr., 405. 

Brattle, John, assay master of the Mint, 124. 
Braunton Sands, Devon, ship lost on, 31. 
Brawne, see Brandon. 

Bray, Edm., 267. 

soocseessy HUM., 295, 493, 498, 

seveeee.ey LUdOvic, 399. 

Aegon ... Mr., Tower warder, 622. 
Braydon, co. Wilts, forest of, 562. 

Brazil fleet, 166. 

Brecknock, travellers to, 410. 
Brecknockshire, magistrates, &c., of, 410. 
Breda, 407, 646. 

B00 ...., letters dated from, 428, 468. 
Bremen, traveller to, 214. 

Brentford Bridge, co. Middlesex, 618. 


| Brereton, William, Lord Brereton, 520. 


Brereton, George, letter of, 522. 


| Brereton, alias Kellinrough Castle, 594, 


Brest, France, drawing of, 146. 

sseeeeeeey harbour of, sketch of, alluded to, 90. 

mastaa Fiver at, 318. 

Agaat , seamen, &c., to, 446, 613. 

eoa , Ships at, 14, 122, 407. 

ess... Ships building or launched at, 88, 99, 
100, 122, 194, 362, 473, 505, 563. 

A , Ships to or from, 196, 600. 

becses esp SOldiers from, 318. 


| Brett, Rich., 43. 


Breval, M. de, 261. 
vanieseg) aevaray LOLLOIS Of, 401930 
Brewer’s Haven, ships lost in or near, 119, 143. 
Brewig, Norway, ship at, 288. 
Brewster, Edw., 14, 30. 
AO , Rachel, 57. 
O , Mr., of Wrentham, 159. 
Brice, Walter, 133. 
Brickelwood, Owen, 456, 468. 
Brickhill, co. Bucks, letter dated from, 236. 


Brickland, co. Notts (?), timber at or from, 
158, 606. 


Bridekirk, Cumberland, letters dated from, 
231, 239. 


Bridge, see Bridges. 


672, 


Bridgeman, Hen., Dean of Chester, 490. 

ng assent) letters; OLALI 

e... Sir Orlando, Lord Keeper of the 
Great Seal, 2, 10, 23, 88, 93, 97, 111, 
119, 166, 202, 263, 297(2), 289, 328, 
338, 348, 367, 379, 381, 402, 454, 455, 
464, 471, 474, 488, 529, 536, 550, 552, 
560, 578, 589, 620. 

seocoesstriecrenes letters Olan, 183 1839/9: 

Sooo cote , letters to, 97, 133, 355, 399, 
420, 514. 

aoran nop Meester walluded 405.482) 

eeewseee e AOT AET Ol,alidize 

O O , references of petitions to, and 
reports of, 14, 113 (2), 146, 166, 199, 
212, 310, 376, 379 (2), 380 (2), 390, 
411, 430, 452. 

AEEA T Gounad , Speech by, 536. 

Seah east grees , chaplain of, 276. 

E Minera , secretary of, 381. 


ess... Mr. (official of Williamson), 458, 467, 
471, 494. 

wisesverey Mro passi ror alo. 

Bridges, Thos., 368. 

aias anean , father of, 368. 

AGI , Mr. (clergyman at Chester), 490. 


ess Or Bridge, Mr. (Yarmouth Indepen- 
dent minister), 11, 77, 95, 99, 107, 
159, 278, 387. 

a e EN ERNA A, ON 

Bridge Town, see Barbadoes. 

Bridgewater, Earl of, see Egerton. 

Bridgewater, co. Somerset, customer’s place 
at, 97. 

eseoevesey Quarter sessions at, 114. 

ssssseesey Ships to, 345, 625. 

Bridlington, or Burlington, co. York, letters 
dated from, 381, 413, 630. 

eveeseeeey DEWS from, 430. 

esses...» SEAMED Of, 630. 

seere AS SID Of, O81. 

esses... Ships wrecked near, 548. 

aiee Bay, ship in, 482. 

Bright, Wm., tender by, 636. 

Brill, the, travellers to, 145, 

Bringfield, Rob., 608. 

Brisband, John, Judge Advocate of the Fleet, 
370. 

Brisbane, J., letter of, 71. 

Bristol, Earl of, see Digby. 

ssesseeeey Bishop of, see Ironside, Gilbert. 

Bristol, 491, 493, 621. 

e... Farmers of Excise for, 649 (2). 

sooceveeey letters dated from, 14, 20, 28, 32, 35, 
39, 42, 50, 56, 59, 75, 78 (2), 111, 122, 
146, 167, 169, 173, 181, 186, 209, 221, 
228, 240, 250, 255, 269, 300, 334, 373, 
481, 493, 535, 558, 565. 

Her , Mayor of, 167. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Bristol—cont. 
EPORA merchants, 559. 
e s.. petition of, 599. 
Na sees , merchant adventurers of, 83. 
sesseveeey seveeey Charters of, confirmation of, 83. 
Neviastaee , nonconformists at, 373, 481. 
sense a. Places in, viz. :— 
High Street, 134. 
Newgate, 181. : 
St. Mary Redcliffe church, 59. 
St. Paul’s Fair, 181. 
eses , port of, 291. 
PaRa , postmaster of, 232. 
e aeoea » posts to, 198. 
EE , residents in, 75, 403. 
Sveiesieeidie Road, ships in, 122. 
aoaaa , ship built at, 15. 
oorisobe .., Ships of, 20, 31, 262, 327, 394, 404, 
413, 432, 518, 552, 565, 589, 608, 617. 
POr .+.» Ships to or from, 8, 17, 27, 59,97, 99, 
111, 122, 143, 146, 183, 209, 221, 228, 
250, 269, 373, 394 (2), 480, 451, 481, 
530, 535, 565. 
acpnssiees , trayellers to or from, 78, 173, 486, 615. 
oa dockyard, stores in, 42. 
SaS sss.) timber for, 35, 430 
Bristol Channel, ships in, 22. 
Brittany, fairs in, 14. 
seseeeesey General of, 585. 
akbar ., Governor of, 407. 
Broad, George, affidavit by, 195. 
Broadwater, Sussex, rectory of, 39, 82. 
Brocket Hall, co. Herts, resident at, 603. 
Brockwell, Henry, 352, 368, 510. 
Broderick, Sir Allan, 163. 
Broghill, Lord and Lady, see Boyle. 
Brome, H., 140. 
Bromhall, Thos., letter of, 405. 
ES s ees. COUsin Of, see Francis, Benj. 
Bromley Gerards, Baroness of, see Gerard. 
Bromley Regis, co. Stafford, resident at, 465. 


Bromsgrove, co. Worcester, vicarage of, 450, 
573, 576. 


Bromwell, shipmaster, 144. 
Bromwich, Capt., 408 (2). 
Brook, Sir Peter, Bart., 70. 
o Mr 424, 

Brook, Wilts, resident at, 534. 
Brooke, Lord, see Greville. 
Brooke, Henry, 202. 

RAEES s esine petition of, 199. 


sve ssenae , or Brook, Capt. John, master atten- 
dant at Chatham, 370. 


AOO s ese... ACCOUNt by, 208. 

EAEE NON , certificate by, 449. 

O AE meee’ » letters of, 253, 295, 302, 316, 
317, 334, 374, 380, 449, 454, 457. 

Tea DE ROD. 490. 

ur ananeney suvanry Etter OL) S81. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Brookes, Stephen, agreement with, 401. 
coceoccac VA 225,902. 
Broome, Judge, 236. 


Broughton, Sir Bryan, 465. 

EENE A ENA , letter of, 465. 

asee Capt. S12. 

seeseoeeey Lieutenant, 322. 

Brouncker, William, Viscount Brouncker, 
Navy Commissioner, 12, 149, 168 (2), 
175, 264, 457, 488, 502. 


AE tees seeeeey AS President of Royal Society, 
signature of, 79. 


ssseeseesy eeeeesy letters to, 200 (?), 239, 302, 339, 
409, 540. 


REARS TOA , order by, 226. 
DEEE , papers by, 304, 658. 
NEEN AS , wife of, 628. 
Brouncker, Chris., 105. 

E A , H., letter of, 1. 

A erate , note by, 136. 
sagen , Henry, 621. 

Brown, or Browne, Sir Ant., 652. 
DO » Henry, 395 (2). 


IOO , John, highwayman, see Blanchard, 
John. 


essees.» JOSEPH, 249. 
mene esessg easta) POLITON-O1 249, 
AAO , alias Deval, Lewis, 583. 


eee ....„ Mun, treasurer at Aleppo, letter to, 
481. 


Tonea eaea ETCL VI 4 tam 


ee Rich., agent to the Commissioners of 
Prizes, 98, 562. 


aeaeo Sin Rich., 139, 312, 358. 


oE a e ., signature of, 108. 

essre... W0., Mayor of Newark, 86. 

oaae RAAI O EAS , letter of, 36. 

eu. Wo., alias Granger (murderer), 241, 
820, 386. 

narse pisessi, ather OPTAT: 

e.s... Zachary, petition of, 176. 


aeee DAMT ola. 
S MT Of ot. Malo T17 


Browning, Mr. (nonconformist), 481. 
Bruce, Robert or John, Earl of Aylesbury, 208, 


390, 656. 
EOE asia , letters of, 191, 297, 390, 570. 
Bruges, letters dated from, 87, 104, 585. 
PAEO , ships to, 368, 513. 


Brumly, house at, 648. 

Brunetti, Abate, 183. 

Brunsden, carpenter, 
554 (2), 565. 

Brunswick and Luneburg, George William, 
Duke of, 132, 419. 

scceseseey eers QeDtleman of the chamber to, 
455. 

seosesceey seere Servant and horses of, 539. 

, Ernest Augustus, Duke of, Bishop of 

Osnaburg, 132. 


79380. 


529, 531, 540, 545, 


673 


Brussels, 63, 814, 511. 

evee King at, 64. 

Saa asia , letters dated from, 490, 511, 522, 528- 
seossevesy persons at, 208, 619. 

reses.. traveller to, 619. 
Bryan, Nicholas, 225. 

e a , ses... Wife and children of, 225. 
Bryddale, John, treatise by, 659. 

Brynkinilt, letter dated from, 369. 

Buccleugh, Duke of, see Scott, James. 
Buckingham, Duke of, see Villiers. 
Buckinghamshire, collectors in, 341, 418, 562. 


eseese rectories, &c., in, 96-98, 184, 268, 277, 
434, 556, 610. 


seseveeeey residents in, 62, 133. 

Buckland, co. Gloucester, rectory of, 268, 
277. 

Buckley, Edw., timber merchant, 43, 179. 

Bucknall, Alderman Wm., 514, 552. 

Bucknam, Capt. Paul, 512. 

aia a letter ot oil 

E TA , father of, 512. 

Buckner, John, 310. 

Bucksea Sand, ship on, 608, 621. 

Buckworth, John, 505, 597. 

Heese Riha. 

Bulbeck, Thos., 496. 

Bullephan, Thos,, deposition of, 465. 

Buller, Col. Ant., letter of, 419. 

renane AS Letteron las. 

Bulliart, messenger to the Queen, 645. 

Bulstrode, Henry, letter of, 418. 

Bunce, Sir James, Bart., 653, 

Bunch, Nath., 566. 

aio eest Certificate by, 215, 

Mecca valores s sseveey letters of, 156, 216. 

Bunckley, Edw., 187 (2), 189, 195 (3). 

Burghley, Lord, see Cecil, William. 

Burgoyne, Sir Roger, Bart., 188. 


Burleigh, co. Northampton, letter addressed 
to, 484. 


Burleigh Walk, New Forest, 131 (2). 
Burley, Thos., 253. 

ALOA > seseeey aftidavit by, 250. 

Burlington, Earl of, see Boyle, Richard. 
Burlington, co. York, see Bridlington. 
Burne, of Coventry, 25, 33. 

Burneby, Eustace, 433. 

veee tese) EnSign, 93. 

Burnet, Alex., Archbishop of Glasgow, 533. 
Burnt Zoam, rocks of, 96. 

Burroughes, Wm., 429, 439, 505. 

eraen eea COlicatessby, 216, 280; 328; 
asss ses Lotter O43 9; 


ces seeey eeveeey Other papers by, 174 (2), 540. 
Burrowes, Thos., 232. 
naonao y sess.. letters of, 394, 623. 


Bursland Ferry, timber to, 618. 
Burt, Dr., 300, 
CEU 


674 


Burton, Hezekiah, B.D., 276. 

ancecned . Isaac, 138. 

RUTOR , Major, 51, 387. 

Sean eante , e... Son-in-law of, 387. 

Burton-on-the-Hill, co. Gloucester, common 
at, 390. 

Bee aes .., co. Lincoln, vicarage of, 578. 

Burwell, F., certificate by, 149. 

Burwood, Edw., 414. 

Bury St. Edmunds, Suffolk, letter dated from, 
8 


ESENE e EEEN , mails to or from, 492, 525. 

TO e. sese.. resident near, 7. 

Busby, of Carlisle, 400. 

Bushell, Thos., 136. 

Bushy Park, deer in, 643. 

agobia oaot , keeper of, 643. 

Bustat, Mr., 413. 

Butler, Walter, (late) Earl of Ormond and 
Ossory, 347. 

Sane vey a... Thomas, Viscount Thurles, his 
son, 847. 

30009 esee seeveey arso Mary and Eliz., daughters 
of, 347. 

sesoeees- James (son of Thomas, Lord Thurles), 
Duke of Ormond, Lord Lieutenant of 
Ireland, 14, 15, 270, 412, 447, 472, 
523, 543, 647. 


Dee lan meg E , as Lord Steward of the House- 
hold, Sh, 

AD deer ares setter Ol. 186, 

seeen > s.e... references to, 71, 390, 581. 

Sa oaae eaea adea LOVOCALIONN Of, 297. (2): 800; 
624. 

Raa ANAE , warrant to, 403. 

RAOT Elizabeth, wife of, 279, 307, 
308, 324, 384, 399, 410, 475. 

pos I aa , Thomas, Earl of Ossory, Lord 


Deputy of Ireland (eldest surviving 
son), 172, 183, 440, 447, 522. 

aes desea a , Richard, Earl of Arran (second 
son), 487. 

Butler, Anne, 255 (2), 256. 

Edw., 127 (8). 

auesse? James, 430, 509. 

EEEa , Dr.. John; 105, 107, 112. 

T s «sees, letter to, 618. 

in Nath., 226 (4). 

T s sasise petition of, 226. 

e Rich, 280s 

eao Thos., letters of, 485, 514, 556. 

Buxton, Mr., 175. 

Byam, Col., 22 

Byland, Edw., 21, 317. 

EEO «sees, EStimates by, 87, 260. 

eose oae s sesse., letters of, 7, 42, 61, 65, 67, 74, 
105, 117, 144, 147, 150, 151, 171, 195, 
205, 230, 235, 237, 246, 260, 271, 284, 
287, 295, 309, 338, 359-361, 398, 458, 


462, 489, 492, 518, 539, 548, 558, 568, 
571, 601. 


Bae Jespievaarey DIOEDET Of, 338. 


es eeeeeney 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Byron, Richard, Lord Byron, 417. 
Byron, James, 199. 
Byworth, Mr., 621. 


C 


C., John, letter to, 87. 
ree Spain, 79, 92, 107, 234, 398. 
.. Bay, ships in, 630. 

S es at, 157, 276. 

secseeseey Letters dated from, 292, 302, 447, 506, 

servocesesy saasa) alluded to, 505. 

seseeeveey provisions for, 248, 534, 544. 

seeno donh , residents at, 302, 535. 

.»..-- Road, letter dated from, 444. 
ieee ..., Ships at, to, and from, 20, 67, 68, 86, 
101, 166, 169, 175, 221 (2), 228, 229 
(2), 234 (2), 250, 251, 253, 266, 269 
(2), 277, 282, 286, 289, 292, 422, 451, 
487, 528, 623. 
... traveller to, 444. 

Caen, France, student at, 268. 

Calabar, Old, traveller from, 415. 

Calais, France, 18, 408. 

Seats +++) correspondent at, wanted, 431. 

aee , letter dated from, 230. 

seseeeseey Mails to and from, 142. 

seeveeees » plague at, 556, 577. 

RA . Ships to and from, 13, 66, 93, 408, 
514, 585. 

.., travellers to or from, 3, 18, 18, 215, 
230 (2), 398, 430, 445, 498, 503, 520, 
628, 654. 

Calcott, Rob., 390. 

Callant, Silam, 462, 

Callender, Mr., 4. 

Calvert, printer, 29, 180. 

eean ao » Mrs., 37. 

Camberwell, Surrey, resident at, 640, 641. 

Cambridge, Duke of, see James, Duke of 

York, children of. 

Cambridge, Mr., 232. 

Cambridge (town), coach to, 257. 

T King to, 11, 65. 

, letters dated from, 3, 312, 331 (2), 
349, 539. 

S , resident in, 82. 

ETETEN , travellers to, 3, 801, 312, 

ESNA . visitors to, 296, 304, 311, 321. 

s. University, 11, 31, 64, 347, 439, 609 
(2). 
ahaa ass «e... beadle esquire for, 609. 
eashisavesiectone , beadles’ places in, 229, 245, 349, 
609 (2). 


eccrees 


» Chancellor of, see Montague, 
Earl of Manchester. 


AE SAER , comedy acted at, 321. 
E AN , congregation at, 321. 


GENERAL INDEX. 675 


Cambridge University—cont. Cambridge, Colleges of—cont. 
E Raa N :degreesat, 65, 105, 107, 224, 268, ueens’, fellowship at, 224, 227 
n a (2), 304, 325, 371, 379, 387, Beye 871, 567. ie í ' 
, 441, 641, 652; see also Arts ‘ í 
a Ra ae i SE a a NET, , President and fellows of, 


letters to, 227, 567. 


s eho ree sae eth 229. St. John’s, fellows and students of, 
Seeuscineper eters or of, A 811. 
solea nate » Vice Chancellor, 304, 321, 349. MAE, , fellowship at, 213, 227, 228, 
aR a arees Vice Chancellor and Senate of, 629. 
King’s letters or mandates to, 50, 107, Rete ee .., lands held by, 604. 
224, 245, 268, 276, 290, 304, 347, 379, a 
Go ELT A O E tS : Fee a hee ae ae 
sistesees csssey sveseey alluded to, 48, 105, 229, Sasa Ca ee Si St 
290 (2), 293, 321, 411. Master and fellows of, letters 
a of, heads or masters of, 296, "to, 227, 628. ‘ 
9 (2). ) T , Scholar of, 628. 
teresse Colleges of, viz. :— sooveeeeey SChOlarship at, 213, 228. 
Bennets, see Corpus:Christi. - © | ~ unr e., Statutes of, 629. 
Christ’s, 331, 349. ssereeeeey Students of, 604. 
sseseeeeey fellows of, 318, 380. ‘sossseeey tutor Of, 229, 
es , fellowships at, 245, 308, 312, St. Peter’s, or Peterhouse, fellow- 
321, 331, 344, 353, 356, 362. ships at, 133, 416, are Ses 443, 
sicoaeees , foundation scholars of, 308, Ee e ie OL gloters 0; 
353, 356. potas ; 
x rade et , members of, 440. 
aA , letter dated from, 821. scholar of, 133 
Tae aha Oe CS LM Bb) Ln Cotati ; 5 5 
eere » livings of, 362, 380. Trinity, fellows of, 311, 387. 
or paoa of, see Cudworth, | T E. , letters dated from, 64, 415, 
r. Ralph. 449, 
teens .-+, Master and fellows of, 380. sesnensey SCUAEDtS Of, 395 7S) Bll 
eee eec +, letters to, 245, 308, Trinity Hall, Divinity fellowship at, 
F 608. 
erene » member of, 567. asc., fellowship at, 498, 544, 608. 
Clare aes aes aR 525. PIO , Master and fellows of, letters 
E OEE , fellows of, 525 (2). to, 544, 608. 
eiior , Master of, Dillingham, Dr. essees; SCHOlar of, 608. 
= ne, Cambridgeshire, 203, 550. 
i i or Bennet’s, fellow | i... , Lord Lieutenant of, see Howard, 
, : Earl of Suffolk. 
e te at; 847, 439, | Campbell, Archibald, Earl of Argyle, 546. 
ee eee Master of, 527. Campvere, Netherlands, Scots’ staple port at, 
Decca ts , Master and fellows of, letter 134, 139. : 
to, 439. Canaries, the, merchants trading to, petition 
Sorts: .., scholarship in, 527. of, 362. 
Emanuel, fellowships at, 344, 440. ae ae A e se ae 
, > 2 ’ ’ > > > 
Se and fellows of, letter 234, 399, 451, 536, 543, 577, 585, 590, 
2 5 591, 610. 
edoren ss , scholar of, 440. : 
Gonvill d Cai Candia, 221, 430,451, 455. 
SEN aa an is dick E T , condition of, 195. 
PTA e g ZOE 3 Be seeeeveeey Hort St. Andrew in, 23. 
ee nd o POSE REC sses... French at or to, 438,440, 458, 469 (2), 
oeoa oo Master of, Brady, Dr. Rob., 484, 505, 523, 569. 
293. É À sseereesey LOSS Of, by the Venetians, 523. 
Seea iek , master and fellows of, certifi- seseceeeey Maps of, alluded to, 467, 494, 495. 


CAEN, 228 ...» narrative of, alluded to, 471 (2), 


Are s ereeeey letter to, 294. ee ag 

eeren » student of, 293 (2). ssseareey NEWS from, 484, 500, 522 (2), 523. 
Jesus, scholar of, 527. essee... provisions for, 438. 

King’s, fellows of, 65,575. | aaa , relief of, 228, 262, 266, 275, 293, 324, 
waiters , fellows and students of, 311. 3831, 522. 


UU 2 


676 


Candia—cont, 

seres Siege Of, 834, 440, 444. 

seseceeesy SOldiers for, 22, 318. 

sese ove» traveller to, 23. 

RAAE , Turks at, see Turks. 

Canham, John, 507. 

Cann, Sir Rob., 403. 

Cannell, Mrs., 255. : 
Archbishop of, see Sheldon, 


Canterbury, 

Gilbert. 
Sei +> seveeey late, see Juxon, Dr. Wm. 
T .., Cathedral of, prebend in, 268 (2). 


Canterbury (City), 1, 628, 496, 556. 
Sosea t CORC SUD: 


eses... houses at or near, 135, 496, 657. 

tresser Nla YOL Of O 

s... Mayor, Common Council; &c., of, 
petition of, 128. 

KOD . postmaster of, 561 (2). 

akslonsane , residents in or near; 105, 289. 


Cantwell, Nich., petition of, 641, 

Cape, Ant., 278, 279 (2). 

Capel, Arthur, Earl of Essex, signatare of, 94. 
Peer ...., Arthur, first Lord Capel, 646. 
Capelin, Nich., 152, 158, 179. 

Capell, Hugh, 564. 

Capucin order, 261. 

Carberry, Earl of, see Vaughan, Richard. 
Cardiff, county gaol at, 603. 

S ++», customer’s place at, 652. 
Cardiganshire, 617. 

sdtiva sad SNERT Of, 625 617: 

Cardinals, 631. 

Cardonnel, Adam de, 178. 

EO AS , brother and family of, 178. 
Careavy, M., 631. 

Careby, co. Lincoln, 307. 

REOTA , letter dated from, 198. 

Carew, or Carey, Peter, 162. 

Carey, John, second Earl of Dover, 97. 


Carcasa EEA , daughter of, see Heveningham, 
Mary. 


Carey, John (late), 84. 

seveseseey Walter, 562, 

rte , Mr., 162. 

Caribbee Islands, earthquake in, 14. 
teresse Ships from, 449, 452, 475, 498. 


walesansus , traveller to, 144. 
Carisbrook Castle, Isle of Wight, 244. 
Seadoo + eseese, letters dated from, 432, 627. 


Carkass, Jas., letter of, 211. 
Carleton, Dr. Guy, Dean of Carlisle, letters of, 


399, 570. 
T , Mary, letter of, 559. 
susesetesy erain DUSANA TON, 009 
ey 203, 


Carlile, or Carlisle, John, clerk of the passage 
at Dover, letters of, 18, 47, 94, 166, 
169, 215, 230, 375, 387, 398, 407, 408, 
430, 445, 497, 514, 520, 536, 555, 577, 
611, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Carlingford, Earl of, see Taafe. 

Carlingford, Ireland, woods in, 640. 

Carlisle, Earl of, see Howard. 

Carlisle, John, see Carlile. 

Carlisle, Bishop of, see Rainbow, Edw. 

sesoses eanene JAte, See Sterne, Rich. 

seesveveey Archdeacon of, 259. 

sse. bishopric of, buildings belonging to, 

414, 

csse... Cathedral of, prebendary of, 259. 

se... Dean of, see Carleton, Dr. Guy. 

Carlisle (City), 30, 163. 

seesseeesy alderman of, 30. 

seceeeeeey Deadsman at, 399, 570. 

eserse... Castle, prisoner in, 356. 

Steieeeee) Senses SESSIONS At, 400s 

soveceeeey Citizens of, 68. 

seseseesey Corporation of, 10, 31. 

eseese, Custom House at, 252. 

seosseevey garrison of, 10, 30, 68, 152, 365. 

seeeeeeeey GOVErnOr of, 30, 655. 

svori s... JuStices in, 269. 

..-, letters dated from, 252, 259, 356 (2), 
466, 490. 

...... Mayor and aldermen of, 31. 

aeeai z seeeeey Speech to, 68. 

seeveeeeey NONCONformists at, 419. 

seeveeesey Searcher’s place at, 400. 

svccseseey traveller to, 269. : 

Carlisle Port, customer’s place at, 259, 379. 

Carlos, W., certificates by, 132 (2).- 

Carlton, Notts, traveller to, 397. 

Carmarthen, prison of, 603. 


Terss , sessions in, 453. : 
Carmarthenshiré, justices of assize in, 453. 
seeceeeeey Place in, 25. l 

seeeoeeeey TEsidents in, 410, 603. 


bessa ssees BNET 0 45S. 
Carnabie, Mr., 486. 
Carnabye, Madam, 201, 219. 
Carnarvon, Earl of, see Dormer, 
Carnarvonshire, resident in, 654. 
Carolina, West Indies, 366, 465. 
Carr, Lord, see Kerr. 
Carr, Ant., 657. 
es... H., agreement by, 330. 
Sesen 65 Dr. John, Sob. 
at Ae Mea , letter of, 321. 
vseen ROPE, 99, 462, 
scecetmeen VV Idee Gls 
enee Wm., of Amsterdam, letter of, 619. 
iekeas DIDA We 222 
Carslake, or Caslik, Capt. Martin, 75, 602. 


seeeseeeey covevey letters of, 295, 354, 859, 370, 


402. 
Carter, Rich., messenger, 121. 
seese Thos. (late), 397. 


Mchbeeney Servers NOVEL, SON OL, 397. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Carter—cont. 
sesseeeey Lhos., letter of, 3138. 


S AWM 5D 

Carteret, Sir Edw., 276. 

eea atase Petition of, 641. 

aeeceeter TADE » nephew of, 641. 

50000500 , Sir George, 12, 102, 258 (2), 418, 
432, 434, 441, 448. 

aiaeoneeshem sees , as late Treasurer of the Navy, 
ay 123, 138, 162, 258, 383. 

evae acest a E , as Vice-Chamberlain of the 
Household, 261, 266, 282. 

SRO HOO WO » as Vice-Treasurer of War for 
Ireland, 282, 308. 

EERENS Eees letters: Of, 6, 53, 60 AL 219, 
418. 

See swisiseeg rah ses , letter to, 308. 

antes ate nes RAe hs , warrant to, 225. 

Shenecestgensnes , James, son of, 60. 

A EE , Capt. James, 149. 


eses... Capt., Governor of Hull garrison, 
396, 612 (?). 

Carthagena, 251, 633. 

Cartoni, Jos., letter of, 134. 

Cartwright, Dr. Thos., 527. 

Cary, Harry, third Viscount Falkland, 212. 


a o , Rachel (? Margaret), widow of, 
212, 258. 
EEE Rain , Anthony, fourth Viscount Falk- 


‘land, son of, 212. 

Cary, Sir Henry, 641. 

NR seery seeeeey Rich., son of, petition of, 641. 

seeseeseey JOHN, 582, 544 (7). 

saasaa Mathew, 625. 

Caslik, Capt., see Carslake. 

Cassels, alias Castles, John, prisoner, 199, 
215, 430, 438. 

Castel, Capt., 134, 

Castell, Dr. Edw., 312. 

E ARA , letter of, 312. 

Rae y I On ALO 

Ashandaouy ECD , letters of, 92, 317. 

DOSI% AOA , petition of, 641. 

SRE ., Mr., 34, 90, 103, 415. 

aeee enee AAVAT OE 9], 103: A15, 

Castile, constable of, 288. 

Castle, Abr., jun., 95. 

Castle Cornet, Guernsey, letters dated from, 
344, 378, 407, 438, 469, 473, 569. 

Castlemaine, Earl and Countess of, see Palmer: 

Castle Rising, co. Norfolk, Lord Howard of, 
see Howard, Henry. 

Castles, see Cassels. 

Castleton, George, 327. 

Catania, Sicily, 298. 

sseeseeeey Bishop Of, 298. 

Eor Dono , castle of, 298. 

s... Eruption of Etna seen from, 298, 

A e e a Cen So 


677 


Cater, Fras, 564. 
Catesby, John, 428, 591, 632. 
Catherine of Braganza, Queen Consort of 
Charles II., 230, 483. 
s... council of, 651 (2). 
enep e CNVOY OT, 1383: 
Esou , grants to, 511, 527, 597. 
E , jewel for, 190, 215. 
anaa , letters from, alluded to, 191, 251. 
tesnseh .., letters to, alluded to, 483. 
seseeeeery personal notices of, 3, 11, 17, 18, 22, 
272, 301, 328, 369, 466, 495. 
aeea. , petitions to, 651 (8). 
. ses.) portion or jointure of, alluded to, 
129, 349, 542, 551, 561, 642, 651 (2). 
Rk , Ship building for, 518, 552, 556, 560, 
580, 588. 
aaa , trustees for, 562. 
aE , woods belonging to, 352, 562. 
aA , household of :— 
Chamberlain, 645. 
Clerk of the Council, 488. 


Gentlemen ushers and waiters, 183, 
204, 531, 647. 


Groom of the Stole (Lady Suffolk), 
196. 


Lord Almoner, 278, 

Maid of honour, 308. 

Messenger, 645. 

Page of the backstairs, 633. 

Servants, 539. 
Catholic King, see Spain, King of. 
Catholics, see Roman Catholics. 
Cattle, Act for, alluded to, 491, 565. 
Catwater, Plymouth, hulk at, 426. 
TESE , letter dated from, 426. 
Caulier, Peter, 481, 489. 
Cave, Wm., late Consul at Smyrna, 362, 


479 (2). 
AERES , Madame, 544. 
E, William, Duke of Newcastle, 44, 
83. 
a AATA , house of, 235. 
oogt » s... lieutenant-general to, 399. 
sees sissy seee Henry, son of, Earl of Ogle, as 
Lord Mansfield, and Master of | the 
Robes, 336. 
Zaino AIPE OSEE » request by, 339. 
Mea ieas a5 William, third Earl of Devonshire, 
224, 
Ni , Lord Cavendish (his son ?), 
412. 


Caveno, Mr., 27. 

Cecil, John, fourth Earl of Exeter, 266, 484. 

penance p «sees, aS Lord Lieutenant of co. North- 
ampton, 294. 

OTO . William, Lord Burghley, 609. 

Cephalonia, 206, 455. 

ships of, 264. 


torser ors > 


678 


Ceremonies, Master of the, see Cotterel, Sir 
Charles. 


Chadwell, Essex, New river from, 371, 378, 
505, 600. 


Chalk Island, Herts, 573. 
Challiot, France, St. Mary’s church at, 569. 
Chalton, Hants, rectory of, 93, 98, 113. 


Chamber, messengers of, see Charles II., 
household of. 

AN ... treasurer of, see Griffin, Sir E. 

Chamberlain of the Household, see Montague, 
Earl of Manchester. 


Chamberlain, Edw. (Earl of Carlisle’s atten- 
dant), letter of, 214. 


Rarer ., Edw., farmer of Excise, letter of, 649. 

ssevsvesey Dr. Peter, 108, 497, 498. 

eaea COLMAN. OO: 

LEE , petition of, 109. 

SE a O E, his brother, 
petition of, 109. 

ODSA , Mr., 631. 

TEA , Mrs., 340. 


Chamberlayne, Edw., treatise by, 141. 

Chambers, or Chambre, Rob., 390, 523. 

andaouGHG Gude » Mary, wife of, petition of, 523. 

ira ... Mr., mandamus for, 244. 

Champane, Mr., 182. 

Champante, John, 439. 

Champanty, Mr., 135. 

Champion, Hen., letter of, 486. 

Chancellor, late Lord, see Hyde, Earl of 
Clarendon. 

Chancery, Court of, bills, causes, decrees, or 
orders in, 590, 592. 

Rane ves oveosey alluded to, 137, 855, 856, 379, 
529, 557, 569, 573, 577, 600. 

PRONE » Hanaper Office in, 139. 

Mavens ie , judges in, 199. 

es... Master extraordinary in, 53-4, 

E , masters in, 84, 202, 206, 337, 382, 
454, 566, 599. 

oi , Petty Bag Office in, 600. 

desesaaar , prothonotaries of, 98, 137. 

a , registrar of affidavits in, 644. 

seseeeeeey BIX Clerks in, 93. 

OTON , suits in, 203, 464, 566. 

esseeeseey Vice-Chamberlains in, 199. 

E , writs in, alluded to, 518, 607. 

Chancery of Chester, see Chester. 

Chandler, Rob., 564. 

Channel, the, ships in, 15, 111, 146, 186, 240, 
255, 306 (2), 345, 415, 588. 

seseeeeeey Ships to or from, 70, 377, 629. 

PRONG .. wreeks in, 558. 


Chapel Royal, officers of, see Charles II., 
household of. 


Chaplin, Fras., sheriff of London, letter of, 
401. 


GENERAL INDEX. : 


: Chapman, John, letters of, 593, 595. 


Pausat p errea LOD AOL alle 

Charles I., or the late King, 38, 128, 161, 162, 
194, 245, 609 (2). 

e... Advocate-General of, Sir Thos. Ryves, 
53. 

seseeeeeey bookseller to, 379. 

seeseeseey Charters of, alluded to, 420, 421 (2). 

ess... COMMissiON Officers of, 62. 

GAOT e seseeey petition of, 53. 

seals <... debts of, 124, 646. 

ss... EXECUtION Of, details of, 424-426. 

Tenna: , executioner of, 424, 426. ; 

e.s... farmers Of Customs in time of, 599, 
622. 

Teens , fellowships founded by, 145, 154. 

OCO , garrisons of, 114, 118. 

PA ...., garter and George of, 424. 

TE s... grants, &c., of, alluded to, 55, 64, 83, 
102, 113, 170, 194, 247, 382, 411, 413, 
551, 597, 620, 645, 654 (2). 

saaontos , guards of, 136. 

eea , hospital founded by, 330, 433, 463. 

5605 ...., Keeper of the Great Seal to, see 
Finch, John, Baron Finch. 

e.. Master of Ordnance to, Sir John 
Heydon, 52. 


E .» page of the bedchamber to, 609. 
seeseeeeey pension purchased from, 382, 411. 
santos ... plate belonging to, 62. 

psRo08c08 , privy purse of, 311. 


ess... privy seal of, alluded to, 650. 

eseese... promise of, alluded to, 94, 640. 

SO .. Secretary of State to, see Nicholas, 
Sir Edw. 

udes , servants of, 583, 646. 

teseveveey SETVices to, or sufferings for, 1, 30, 
44, 52 (2), 53 (2), 70, 102, 124, 128, 
130 (2), 131, 135, 136, 155, 164, 166, 
181, 198, 212, 213, 229, 308 (2), 311, 
324, 341, 344, 379, 399, 411, 445, 493, 
558, 607, 625, 640, 643, 645-647, 650. 

cessesesy troops Of, 649. 

eager ..., Wife and children of, see Charles II., 
relatives of. 

Charles II., or the King, 97 (2), 98, 104, 
180, 193, 207, 217 (2), 267, 320, 353, 
354, 417, 474, 477, 578, 631, 647, 654, 
656 ; also casual notices of, passim. 

s+seeeeeey AS Prince of Wales, 288, 424, 644. 

eaeresse +y ses... Engagement by, 642. 

terrere Abuse of, or speeches against, alluded 
to, 245, 387, 430, 534. 

en deih , affairs of, 209, 214, 506. 

Ane s... ambassadors of, see Ambassadors. 

AOSS , appointments by, 606. 

TERON s s.e... alluded to, 84, 592. 

savisa , approval, allowance, consent, or per- 
mission by, of transactions, appoïnt-' 
ments, &c.; 159, 217, 291, 804, 323, 
336, 451, 452, 531, 573, 632, 650, 651, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Charles II., approval, &c.—cont. 


seer, alluded to, 90, 189, 179, 252, 
410, 533, 575, 583. 
aop +», attendance on, 94, 495, 558. 


eee rcveoey 


EA ..„ autograph paper of, 536. 
Anoncas , birthday of, 348. 


sseeeeeeey bounties of, on Maunday Thursday, 
213, 222, 223. 


EEN , brief from (forged), 44. 
ssevesesey Cases referred to, 218, 455, 464. 
Oan . certificate to, 591. 


esses.. Chemical laboratories of, 315. 


++eeeeeeey Churches, livings, or presentations in 
the gift of, 333, 410, 522, 527, 556, 
573, 610, 612. 

eseese.. CODtracts with, 208, 656. 

ssesereces asese UUGed tO, 1985 399, 454. 

ess... COronation of, alluded to, 167. 

eserse... COrONAtion day, keeping of, 297. 


erereence , debts or moneys due to, 32, 36, 290, 
341, 510. 

seesesevey debts Of, 63, 246, 460, 536, 650. 

eisai .+e) declarations by, 51, 465. 

IOE EION , alluded to, 52, 63. 

aee asrsry AEELEDELONSInE to, 273, 835 (2), 
653. 

ssecesevey displeasure of, 166, 382, 589, 645, 
648. 

aeter dog of, loss of, 107. 

EEE , drawings for, 351. 


sseceeseey ESCape Of, after the battle of Worcester, 
alluded to, 24, 55 (2), 817, 323. 


seeeeebee , expenses of, 83. 

Soetacese ee , reduction of, 403. 

EPRE , warrants for payment of, 336, 
390. 


......... fidelity or loyalty to, 24, 30, 36, 94, 
132, 178, 198, 212, 308, 368, 403 (2), 
445, 609, 625. 
soy eee-e-y SUfferings for, 69, 123, 130, 
131, 135, 172 (8), 193, 227, 229, 310, 
371, 394, 442, 469, 484, 486, 599, 647 
(2). 
eese Mag Of, 11%. 
Seceesees , forests of, 120 (2), 630, 653, 657. 
SOON ; fortification invented by, 653. 
oe jee) game of, 205, 270, 335, 573, 618, 631, 
652. 

me... gifts and grants of, 14, 20, 137, 190, 
196, 215, 272, 274, 358, 361, 433, 516, 
561, 588, 617, 652; see also Pensions. 

EAP COREE osendd , asked for, or alluded to, 28, 52, 
54, 55 (2), 64, 89, 102, 113, 114, 124, 
131, 136, 157, 177, 178, 220, 341 (2), 
453, 463, 508 (3), 542, 657. 

es... gift and grant to, 7, 64. 

niebaonto ., guards of, see Army. 

E .... hawk of, 656. 

ROO , health of, 300, 333. 


679 


Charles II.—cont. 


ssseeeese, houses or palaces of, 18, 83, 133, 183, 
220, 227, 310, 336, 393, 503, 581, 657. 


eataa ARES . marble for, 180, 220, 221. 
TETN 3 «eves, purchase of, 282, 317. 

secu .».-, Lcehouses of, 647. 

EE ESA „in connection with Parliament, 536- 


538, 603, 606. 

seesseveey in Council, 77, 95, 99, 400, 446, 448, 
534, 554. 

A y «esse Orders or warrants of, alluded 
to, 282, 383. 

SEEDA , petitions to, 109, 124, 250, 362, 
389, 552, 599, 648, 649. 

TE O E E CO tO 4.2 Oils 

AOE ...., Influence with, 52, 330, 367, 372. 

aerate ats s s... asked for, or alluded to, 10, 48, 
75, 105, 129, 170, 196, 198, 238, 290, 
297, 341, 353, 402, 413, 456, 482, 497. 

Miers , information for, 94, 297. 

soaks s... Jewels for, 178. 

EA , journeys of, 2-4, 7-9, 11, 14, 18, 23, 
113, 123, 152, 219, 271, 412, 418, 470- 
473, 495, 496, 501. 

e... lands or rents falling or belonging to 
39 (2), 64, 97, 102, 111, 182, 314, 349, 
434, 564, 565, 579, 614, 657. 

seessesery loans to, 63, 233, 258, 446, 459. 

gases , marriage of, alluded to, 633. 

EA , messages from, 537 (4), 538 (2), 603, 
606. 

naen8once , Ministers of, description of, 511, 542. 

resa A , money, &c., for, or due to, 122, 253 
(2), 518, 521, 552, 562, 632. 

sesceeeeey sesse, TrOM fines, forfeitures, &c., 272, 
379, 384, 553, 565, 598. 

ee a sseceey coveeey MOleties of, 394, 401, 411, 

-OCO ...., pardons by, asked for or alluded to, 
9, 44, 68, 277, 329, 467, 511 (2), 611. 

eee sa , patent of, 508. 

baane sis E , alluded to, 20, 506. 

Tanui , personal notices of, 2—4, 7-9, 11, 14, 
60, 77, 203, 218, 233, 265 (2), 301, 
408, 420, 473-475, 495, 496, 541, 542, 
623, 625. 

Aa aa asit , picture of, 441, 591, 597. 

, pleasure boats or yachts of, 163, 257, 

305, 555, 628, 644; see also under 

Ships—Mary and Henrietta, King’s 

yachts. 

sevseeeee plots, designs, or conspiracies against, 
alluded to, 136, 273, 316. 

SEOS , prerogative or rights of, 411, 581. 

aN: , proclaiming of, alluded to, 114, 135. 

seess... proclamations of, 108 (2), 115, 252, 
376, 378, 412, 583, 626. 


ssossesos 


ove a ae alluded to, 105, 138, 282, 285, 
435, 458, 481, 628. 

pooo , progenitors of, 453. 

ERA ., promises of, alluded to, 31, 191, 301 


382, 415, 504, 511, 641, 647, 648, 652 


680 


Charles II.— cont. 


Edeier , recommendations by, 235, 403. 

ssssseonsy rars alluded to, 111, 338, 362. 

SAAE , recommendations to, alluded to, 68, 
528, 609. 

eene ie , regiments of, see Army. 

nocdenton , reports addressed to, 240, 382, 418, 
422, 

OSOE s se... alluded to, 408, 518. 


seeeeeees, restoration of, alluded to, 11, 29, 31, 
55 (2), 64, 113, 136, 150, 167, 198, 
208, 232, 236, 252, 288, 355, 382, 392, 
411, 443, 464, 484, 513, 521, 534, 542, 
549, 557, 569, 572, 596, 622, 633 (2), 
655. 

S80 SS0008 , Sceptre of, touching with, 626. 


Rebaeve , servants of, 55, 129, 149, 217, 223, 
312, 314, 315, 633, 640, 645 (2); see 
also Household of. 


Bescon , Service against, 173. 
isao. , service of or to, 33, 40, 52, 53, 62, 
67, 88, 102, 116 (2), 127 (2), 129 


(2), 130, 148, 166, 167, 182, 202, 
235, 256, 310, 341, 468, 493, 514, 526, 
553, 560, 623, 633, 634, 640 (2), 646, 
656. 
seceevey evveeey Letters for, 471, 472, 482, 492. 

acne sag essees; persons killed in, 456, 484. 

Rb aie , service to, secret, 14, 183, 184, 336. 

SD0 , Ships of, see Ships. 

Sean esc , Signatures or sign manuals of, wanted 


or alluded to, 66, 108, 119, 154, 186, 
256, 346, 434, 470, 474, 625, 654. 


Rao NS , list of, 632. 

«æ... Speech of, on opening Parliament, 
536. ' 

PE NT , alluded to, 30, 536, 543, 552, 
567. 

TS , stables of, 186, 316. 

ankenia , subjects of, 290, 292. 

Rtas Srani , supply of, Act for, alluded to, 223. 

ERs , supremacy of, Act asserting, alluded 
to, 592. 

Soononede , touching by, for the evil, alluded to, 
239, 285. 

eio , treasure trove of, 611. 

PI .. verses addressed to, 488, 

Bsrciseeiss , wines of or for, 132, 184, 541, 581, 
624. 

aeaa , letters or mandates of (1668), 37 (2), 


50, 56 (2), 59, 63, 68, 76, 79, 80, 91, 
102, 107, 133 (4). 

Bates eer: (1669), 153 (2), 154, 162, 171, 
172, 178, 181 (2), 190, 193, 202, 204, 
224 (2), 227 (2), 245 (8), 250, 255, 
262, 268, 276, 282, 290, 294, 300, 304, 
308 (2), 317, 327, 836, 337, 346, 347, 
356, 857, 865, 374, 378-380, 384, 387, 
399, 403, 404, 410, 435, 437, 439-441, 
443-446, 450, 455, 456, 459, 460, 463, 
486, 508, 509, 511, 520, 526, 527, 534, 
544, 550, 551, 561, 567, 568, 572, 573, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Charles II.—cont. 
586 (2), 587, 597, 607, 608 (2), 610, 
612, 616, 617, 622, 628, 630, 631 (2), 
651, 654 (2). 

sses) letters or mandates of, alluded to, 
15, 64 (2), 106, 128, 131, 228-230, 259, 
276, 293 (2), 294, 297, 301, 307, 318, 
349, 357, 371, 373, 411, 514, 518, 522, 
562, 624, 627 (2), 657. 


me... letter of, to the Parliament of Scot- 
land, 538. 
Wen sseeg seveesy alluded to, 538, 546. 


oani g eeeeeey ANSWET to, 546. 


seeeeeeeey letters to, 11, 44, 134, 135, 191 (2), 
298, 420, 626. 

AEO , e...” alluded to, 11, 143, 301, 489. 

eie .... orders of, 323, 523. 


IEDC CEDO , alluded to, 1, 11, 17, 29, 34, 57, 
62, 66, 68, 82, 120, 124, 129, 131, 158, 
181, 222, 224, 225, 258, 265, 269, 273, 
289, 290, 294, 297, 315, 333, 336, 338, 
350, 351, 355, 371, 375, 377 (2), 395; 
408 (2), 435, 451, 501, 504, 507, 530, 
532, 556, 574, 608, 617, 634, 646, 655. 


aeaennaee , papers addressed or referred ‘to, 80, 
91, 107, 140, 219, 238, 254, 262, 301, 
508, 527. 

mae ceses eveeeey alluded to, 449, 533. 


PA ws) petitions to (1668), 1, 14, 30, 34, 
36, 39, 52, 53 (2), 55 (3), 69 (2), 
80, 82 (3), 90, 93, 94, 96, 108, 109 
(2), 111, 113, 114, 124, 127-132. 


gaun0ot!00 seneese (1669) 145, 146, 148, 149,154 
(2), 155, 164 (2), 166, 172, 173, 189, 
199, 208, 216, 229 (2), 238, 241, 244, 
247, 255, 256, 259, 263, 268, 270, 287, 
290, 298, 304 (2), 308, 311 (2), 313, 
315, 318, 319, 322, 323, 326, 330, 334, 
336, 339-341, 346, 352, 353, 355, 358, 
360, 364, 368 (2), 371 (2), 376, 379 
(3), 886, 387, 393 (2), 395, 407, 410, 
416, 428, 433 (2), 441, 442, 453 (2), 
460, 462 (2), 464, 465, 467, 469, 484, 
486, 488, 506, 509-511, 581, 534, 557, 
573, 575, 578, 581, 583, 589, 590, 596, 
599, 609, 611, 615, 634 (2), 640-652, 
655, 656. n 

Seances vey see... alluded to, 22, 63, 68, 70, 80, 
91,113 (2), 123, 127, 156, 198, 212, 
242, 289, 294, 314, 321, 324, 355, 431, 
455, 564. 

Household of, expenses of, see Charles 
II., expenses of. 

abot: » Marshalsea of, 

Steward of, 430, 509. 


SE , purveyance for, alluded to, 


Court of, 


«essere, Servants in ordinary, 403, 
644. 


Seether. > se... petition of, 453. 
Lord Steward’s department, viz. :— 


Lord Steward, see Butler, James, 
Duke of Ormond. 


Treasurer of the Household, see 
Clifford, Sir Thos. 


GENERAL INDEX. 681 


Charles II., Household of, Lord Steward’s 


department—cont. 
Cofferer of the Household, see Ash- 
burnham, Wm. 
Board of Greencloth, see Greencloth. 
Keeper of the Privy Purse, see May, 
Baptist. 
Cooks, 9. 
Serjeant of the scullery, 167, 642. 
Lord Chamberlain’s Department: — 
Lord Chamberlain, see Montague, 
Edward, Earl of Manchester. 
Vice-Chamberlain, see Carteret, 
Sir G. 


Knight Marshal, see Wyndham, Sir 
Edmond. 

Treasurer of the Chamber, see Griffin, 
Sir E. 

Messengers of the Chamber, 37 (3), 
137, 198; see also Botley, Sam; 
Dixon, Thos; Wickham, John. 

secovessey Warrants to, 201. 

Footmen, 645. 

Gentlemen ushers, 391, 400, 633. 

Gentlemen of the privy chamber, 
124, 308, 498, 647, 653. 

Grooms of the privy chamber, 216, 
390, 508, 652. 


Sewer of the great chamber, Edw. 
Rogers, 33. 


Bedchamber, gentlemen of, 83, 163. 

MAAE , grooms of, 122, 129, 318, 
326, 410, 433. 

SES , page of, 652. 

Gentlemen ushers and waiters, 183, 
204. 

Pages of the backstairs, 437. 

Pages of honour, 60, 62, 82, 127, 
177. 

Black Rod, usher of, see Eyton, Sir 
John. 

Marshal of the Ceremonies, 253. 

Master of the Ceremonies, see 
Cotterel, Sir Chas. 

Master of Music, Lewis Grabu, 161. 

Musicians, 183, 204, 258, 277, 352, 
368, 446, 597. 

Keeper of lutes and viols, 510. 

Engineer, 567. 

French sub-tutor and writing master, 
129. 


Historiographer, 65. 
Limners, 516 (2). 
Physicians— 

Bate, George, 269. 

Clarke, Dr. Tim., 59. 
Physician, chemical, 315. 
Surgeon, 224. 
Serjeant-surgeons, 206, 287. 


Apothecaries, 193, 244, 245, 267, 
533, 642. 


` Charles II., Household of, Lord Chamber- 


lain’s department—cont. 
Professor of chemistry, 533. 
Scenographer or designer of pro- 
spects, 256. 
Sculptor and carver, 277. 


Yeomen of the guard, 459, 646. 

Geaen , Captain of, see Villiers,‘ Vis- 
count Grandison. 

ss. Clerk of the cheque of, 
[Rich. Smith], 215, 

seeeeeeee, COrporals of, 202. 

soovevevey liveries, &c., for, 215. 

Chapel Royal, child of, 644. 

ACEO , Dean of, see Croft, Herbert, 
Bishop of Hereford, and Bland- 
ford, Walter, Bishop of Oxford. 

essees., Gentlemen of, 403. 

ACOE , musicians for, 183, 204. 

boo s... Singing man of, 644. 

Chaplains, 4, 9, 94, 96, 97, 247, 281, 
340,434, 567, 641, 652. 

sseeeeeeey Lent preachers, list of, 243. 

Chief almoner, see Henchman, Hum- . 
phrey, Bishop of London. 

Clerk of the Closet, see Crew, Dr. 
N. s 

Master of the Wardrobe’s depart- 
ment :— 

Wardrobe, Master of, see Montague, 
Earl of Sandwich. 

ERRIA AA , fees and house and 
tenements of, 587. 

R s... King’s closet, in, 468. 

AT , liveries from, alluded to, 323, 
495, 597. 

ES ... Officers of, 124, 208 (2). 

negactond , payments from, 429, 587. 

EI , payments to, 138. 

Joode , supplies to, 650. 

ERRE , warrants to, 208, 215, 277, 
468, 653. 

sť Yeoman tailor and porter 
of, 461. 

Robes, Master of, late, 336. 

Tailors, 336. 

Closet Keeper, Wm. Chiffinch, 552. 

Jewel House, 42. 

Soest , master of, see Talbot, Sir 
Gilbert. 

sdgorioo2 , plate from or in, 192, 310 
(2), 323, 562. 

Master of the Horse’s department :— 

Master of the Horse, see Villiers, 
Duke of Buckingham. 

Coachman, 471. 

Equerries, 509, 617. 

Masters of the Tents, 454. 

Stables, surveyor of, 526. 


682 


Charles II., Household of, Master of the 
Horse’s department—cont. 
Volary, new buildings in, 403. 
Master of the Harriers, see Elliot, 
Thos. 
Yeomen Prickers of the Harriers, 
631 (2). 
Yeomen of the field, 403. 
Master of the Hawks, -see Apsley, 
Sir Allen. 
Falconer, 650. 
Ewery, serjeant of, 648. 
Harbingers, 4 
Yeoman of the woodyard, 644. 
Shepherd, 366. 
Tradespeople :— 
Bookbinder, see Mearne, Sam. 
Chief locksmith, 277. 
Goldsmith, Sir Rob. Vyner, 42. 
Jeweller, 215. 
Laundress, 129. 
Master carpenter, 277. 
Mercer, 650. 
Printer, 190, 287. 
Shoemaker, 484. 
saat sae) relatives of, viz.:— 
wife, see Catherine of Braganza. 


mother, see Henrietta Maria. 


brother, see James, Duke of York, 
and Henry, Duke of Gloucester. 
aunt, see Bohemia, Queen of. 
sisters, see Orange, Mary, Princess 
of; Orleans, Henrietta Anna, 
Duchess of. 
nephew, see Orange, Prince of. 
cousins, see Palatine Prince, and 
Rupert, Prince. 
Charles, John, tender by, 636. 
Charleton, Ant., 491. 
e... Or Charlton, Serjeant or Sir Job, 
199, 202. 
Pai » seeeeey letters to, 333, 351. 
Charleton, co. Oxon (?), 49. 
eaea S , letter dated from, 151. 
EAEN sectaries at, 151. 
Charnock, John, 84. 
Charnut, Rich., petition of, 641. 
Chart, Kent, resident at, 299. 
Charterhouse, the, or Sutton’s Hospital, 581. 


Seen .., brethren or pensioners of, 58,173, 399. 
Meine cots » Governors of, 172 (8), 390, 562, 597. 
sesssseeey ee an Letters to, 154, 171, 172, 378. 
ressa eteh master of, 568. 


., petitions for admittance to, 172 (3), 

390, 564, 597. 

wn vasvees, FePistrar Of, 562. 

..., Scholars or scholarships in, 154, 171, 
378. 

onea ERA ., warehouse in, 312. 

Charteris, Chas., 324. 


ereeesos 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Charters, Sir John, 641. 
AT <... Mary, daughter-in-law of, peti- 
tion of, 641. 
Chase, John, 193. 
PT s s... petition of, 641. 
Chatham, Kent, 141, 182,274 (2), 376, 392. 
aee ts , constable and bozelder of, 575. 
i ... Dutch fleet at, see Dutch fleet in the 
Medway. 
Reese , letters, &c., dated from (1668), 2, 7, 
20, 32, 35, 46, (2), 49, 50, 88, 89, 92, 
118. 
. (1669), 144 (2), 182, 189, 200, 
207, 208, 253 (3), 260, 266, 267, 271 
(2), 273, 280, 281 (2), 286 (3), 288, . 
295, 296, 299 (2), 302 (2), 308, 316, 
817, 819, 325, 329, 334, 335, 339, 340, 
344 (2), 351 (2), 354, 359 (2), 361 
(2), 363 (2), 370 (2), 374, 376 (3), 
380 (3), 385, 392, 393, 400, 402, 406, 
414, 416 (2), 418, 419, 423 (2), 429, 
431 (2), 440, 443, 449, 451, 454, 455, 
457, 460, 467, 469 (2), 472 (2), 476, 
491 (2), 493, 495, 498, 499, 504, 512 
(2), 515, 519, 520 (2), 523, 526 (4), 
529-531, 534 (2), 540 (3), 545, 551, 
554 (2), 565, 566, 568, 570 (2), 574, 
575, 577, 580 (2), 582, 584-586, 588, 
593, 594, 600, 609, 613, 624 (2), 627, 
628. 


C seeseeeeey Ordnance office at, 196. 


..., post officer at, 295. 

seeneecs , residents at, 211, 274, 392, 384. 

., river at, see Medway. 

ee eis at, 329, 340, 402, 431, 494, 576. 

else sees eeeveey letters dated from, 12, 21 (2). 

fiese SRP OL 2S 

sseseseeey Ships or wrecks to be sold at, 472, 
512, 526 (3), 554, 584, 586, 588, 594. 

eseseesee Ships to or from, 6 (2), 46, 294 (2), 
427, 431, 476, 512. 

LAR , travellers to or from, 24, 377, 505. 

e SAE , weighing of wrecks at, see Medway, 
weighing of wrecks in. 

seseseeeey dock or dockyard at, 35, 299, 343, 
"376, 885, 392, 529, 604, 623. 


wen vad swoseneon , clerk of the cheque at, see 
Gregory, Edw. 
EEO Eai , clerk of the survey at, see 


Homewood, Edw. 
s.e... late, see Norman, J. 


seoseosso 9 Sereeey 


EDETI SHORES » warrant to, 584. 

EREE es scese gate of, 385. 

EAR s sseeeey veeeeey POrter at, 385. 

eukgieis a EC , hemp or junk at or for, 81, 555. 
E crite , houses in, 540, 545. 

seee Jacob St. in St. Saviour’s dock , 392. 
tessseeeey seoses letters dated from, 254, "302, 


338, 339, 385, 386, 392, 397, 409, 419 
424, 427, 436, 437, 457, 555. 

EEDE SAWe I ASRA se , masters of attendance at, 6, 24 
(2), 35, 46, 260; see also Brooke, 
ae and Rand, Wm. 


terseg veeveey Warrant to, 584. 


> 


we eeeeeney 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Chatham, Kent, dock or dockyard at—cont. 


a tee oe ero , master shipwright at, see Pett, 
Phineas. 

aT > s.e... Mast-maker at, 295, 302. 

AIDER , Navy Commissioner at, see 
Pett, Peter, and Cox, Capt. J ohn. 

eaae siea Nasies , Navy officers at, 434. 

erai > seve, Officers of, 128, 412, 493, 547, 
623. 

nanana esene aneen Oter OT; S02; 

esesceseey cense DAY MENTS at, 32, 46, 88. 

OOT , ships building at, 326, 339, 370, 


376, 386 (2), 400, 419, 427, 437, 441, 
451, 457, 472, 491, 498, 504, 513, 
519-521, 530, 531, 565, 566, 568, 570, 
574, 575, 580 (2), 584, 594. 


E OOKEAN DÀ , ships fitting or repairing at, 
141, 177, 361. 

evccosessy -sses StOrehouses at, 392, 491, 574, 
593, 607. 


, storekeepers at, 8, 66, 123, 627; 
see also Harper, Thos., and Wilson, J. 

aidseeusssiec ose , stores and provisions at, for, or 
from, 89, 144, 150, 162, 185, 195, 207, 
208, 274, 286, 287, 308, 316, 338, 354, 
370, 467, 469 (3), 512, 540, 566, 570, 
624 (2). 


eeereeeery oe 


584, 61l. 
a a eaan WAEA. at, 402 406; 
Desender E in, for, or from, 118, 
266, 288, 299, 326, 339, 340, 361 (2), 
370, 376 (2), 386, 409, 423, 427, 436, 
472, 491, 498, 500, 504, 512 (2), 519, 
520, 529-531, 534 (2), 540 (2), 554, 
565, 566, 568, 570 (2), 574-578, 580 
(2), 582, 584 (2), 586, 594, 600, 609 
613. 
Neate seg seses, Victualler’s agent at, 20. 
...„ wharves at, 385, 392, 574, 593. 
Aap ines deers , workmen at or for, 32, 35, 303, 
319, 361, 377, 385, 386, 392, 393, 395, 
397, 416, 419 (2), 436, 513, 571, 575, 


rs osovo 


. embezzlement of, 250, 


591. 
aesaet aaant eesse Payment 0f, 351 (2), 512; 
526, 600. 
saan sevey eveveey LOPCVard at, 46. 
RADOSHNCCE DOGO PT , letters dated from, 267, 


389, 469, 576, 621. 
Chatham Hill House, 254. 
eraras soseeey HOUSEKEEper at, 148. 
Chatteris, co. Cambridge, resident at, 632. 
Chaworth, Anne, 56. 
Cheeke, Alex., 202. 
Chekarry, Mr., 388. 
Chelehat, Vartanes de, petition of, 641. 
Chelmsford, Essex, assizes at, 327. 
Chelsea College, 258. 


800s see lands at, 258. 

Rs s. letters dated from, 281, 344. 
e... lodgings at, 344. 

AGS .., traveller from, 484. 


Cheltenham, Nich., 359. 
Chepstow Castle, prisoners at, 91 (8). 


683 


Cherburg, ship from, 80. 

Cherbury, Lord Herbert of, see Herbert. 

Cheshire, County Palatine of, cheeses ‘from, 
SAL 

seveeeeeey Chief justice of, 333. 

..... deputy-lieutenant of, 373. 

asese sie . gentlemen and J.Ps. of, 333. 

B EN , judges in, 202, 351. 

seeesseeey lands or estates in, 55, 136, 199, 202, 
323, 467, 487, 488. 

saree DIA OF, 222, 878. 

aes... Places in, 503, 522, 608, 620. 

seess... residents in, 130, 410, 594. 

seeveeseey SECtaries or conventicles in, 354, 373, 
375, 394, 396, 404, 407, 463, 503. 

seseeeeeey SESSIONS in, 373. 

ssecseey Sheriff of, 45, 70, 333, 
esse) WOOS in, 617. 

Chester, Earl of, Prince Arthur, 368. 

Chester, Andrew, petition of, 642. 

Chester, Bishop of, see Wilkins, Dr. John. 

seenvesmesiersene Ate, cee Hall. DE Geo. 

soeseseeey Bishopric of, 82, 154, 190. 

e.s... Chapter House of, letters dated from, 
(2): 

seeveoveey Dean of, see Bridgeman, Henry. 
. Dean and Chapter of, letters of, 


11 (2). 

Chester, or West Chester, 270, 307. 

eee ois , aldermen of, 22, 490. 

eseese., assizes at, 272, 494, 508. 

‘esseee ses CALLICLAOL, 88- 

TA . Castle, constable of, warrant to, 404. 

sesseeeee seevees Governor Of, see Shakerley, Sir 
Geof. 


Sossseess eesse letters: dated from, 373, 378; 
394, 396, 490. 


PENCE .... prisoners at or to, 91, 92, 
97 (2), 272, 875, 404. 
cabetehechoewseep SOLS Ab Ov Ss 
. volley from, 490. 
soeseeseey Chancery of, 199, 202. 
arois ees veeeeey Vice-Chamberlain of, 199. 
E ...„„ Companies of, viz :— 
Bakers, 396. 
Aldermen and Stewards of, petition 
of, 368. 
Glovers, Fellmongers, and White 
Tawers of, petition of, 643. 
se... Exchequer Court at, 199. 
AN OOESECE , fair at, 494, 501. 
canon ..», letters dated from, 22, 163, 167, 222, 
235, 251, 307 (2), 324, 354, 375, 404, 
407, 432, 462, 489, 490, 494, 496, 497, 
501, 503, 533, 571, 629. 
., Mayors of, 22, 533. 
coveceeeey Officers at, 581. 
Ae , places in, viz :—— 
Foregate Street, 404. 
White Bull Inn, 490. 
oS , place near, 354. 


sesseooso soose 


684 


Chester, or West Chester—cont. 
aem ane receiver at, 428. 
sesse.) Recorder of, 490. 
residents at, 254. 


esoseoseoy 


as .... Sectaries in, see Cheshire, sectaries in. 

seseseeeey Sheriffs of, 533. 

O s mhae Letter to; 301. 

ssesessery SHIPS Of, 235, 367, 463. 

eresse.. Ships to or from, 269, 367, 496, 497, 
589. 


seeveeeeey travellers to and from, 5, 251, 432, 
490 (2), 494, 513, 571. 

Cheston, Phineas, 221. 

Chesterfield, Earl and Countess of, see Stan- 
hope. 

Chetwynd, Walter, 47. 

sedseswoss secures TALDEE Ol, 47% 

Cheyney, Mr., 370. 

Chicheley, Sir Henry, 222. 


aesae , Sir John, letters of, 41, 44. 
AGIOS s.. Thos., letter of, 632. 
Gisabisest anata CLOR COOSA: 

DOA .., Capt. Thos., 346. 

sereen SIL Thos., report of, 621. 


Chichester, Bishop of, see King, Henry. 
LSA ee of, vacancy of, 527,536, 556. 


* . cathedral, prebend in, 527, 614. 
Oo abodes , Canon of, 652. 

AGCROOCOOD Chepter of, 614. 

SGaonSeOD » Dean of, 276, 614. 

Chichester, 614. 

Sacer , letter dated from, 614. 


s.u... place near, 442. 


Chiffinch, Wm., closet keeper to the King, 127, 
398 (?), 452, 467, 503,552, 595, 605. 


a S , letter of, 50. 

aaee » Mrs., 109. 

Child, Joshua, or Josias, 612.. 

Seana? s evee petition of, 642. 
«sey Rob., 454, 

OLENS , Wm., 206. 

an , sir Wm., 537. 

EENS , Mr., merchant, 508. 


Chilwell, co. Notts, manor of, 211. 
Chimney money, see Hearth money. 
China, embassy to, history of, 564. 
Chip, Mrs., 600. 
Chipping Lamborne, co. Berks, fairs at, 259. 
Chirk Castle, letter dated from, 472. 
Chirography, office of, 621. 
Cholmondely, or Cholmley, Sir Hugh, 197, 
200, 539, 544, 555. 
e eean VIOOL OD Dp 


Diodas, M., Frince Rupert’s surgeon, case of, 
136. 


Choqueux, M. le, 655. 
Christendom, 477. 
Christian, Wm., 259, 490. 
TEA ., letter of, 252. 
Christan: pintes 95. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Christiana, ship to, 57. 
Christmas, Gerard, 539. 
Church, Capt., or “Dog Church,” 72. 
Aaaa , Mr., of London, 134. 
Church of England, 179, 350, 481, 525. 
A ., conformity or loyalty to, 31, 64, 347, 
463, 644. 
seoveeeeey foreigner taking orders in, 311. 
. gifts to, 175, 176. 
seseeeey persons leaving, 95, 278. 
seereeeeey Sacraments Of, 78, 176; see also Sac- 
rament, the. 
Church, Episcopal, in Scotland, see Scotland. 
Churches, Act for uniting, alluded to, 410. 
Churchill, Sir Winston, 163. 
Churchmen, 94. 
Chute, co. Hants, forest of, 487, 532, 561. 
Cicero, Marcus Tullius, 94. 
Cinque Ports, 448. 
e... Guestling and brotherhood for, or 
Ports’ parliament, 438, 492. 
seseeseeey Lord Warden of, see James, Duke of 
York. 
OISU , suit of, with Dover, 448. 
Claims, Court of, see Ireland. 
Clancarty, Earl of, see McCarty. 
Clanfield, Hants, resident at, 311. 
Clapham, Surrey, letter dated from, 329. 
Claremont, Lord, see Middleton. 
Clarendon, Earl of, see Hyde. 
Clark, or Clarke, Dalton, 517 (2), 523. 
s... Giles, tender by, 635. 
sesers.. JOhn, postmaster of Plymouth, letters 
of (1668), 22, 27, 31, 42 (2), 54 (2), 62, 
66 (2), 70, 74, 76 (2), 87 (2), 89, 93, 
98 (2), 102, 107 (2), 114, 116. . 
Senieesa sep ESCA E SN vee (1669), 144 (2), 149, 151, 
166, 169, 170 (2), 184, 194, 201, 209, 
212, 214, 221, 229, 232, 236, 239, 243, 
250, 261, 272, 276, 282, 294, 357, 360, 
371, 377, 881, 888 (2), 393, 398, 402 
(2), 405, 410, 414, 422 (2), 432, 438, 
442, 445, 449 (2), 452, 456, 458, 460 
(2), 468, 472, 475, 487, 492, 494 (2), 
498, 501, 511, 517 (2), 522, 528, 539, 
545, 564, 567, 573, 577 (2), 581, 583 
(2), 588, 591, 596, 604, 608, 613 (2), 616 
(2), 618, 624, 627, 629, 630. 
teriero JOs LL.D., certificate by, 14. 
sessveveey OF Clerk, John, timber merchant, 21, 
299, 376, 534, 545, 554. 
sseroeseey seses) tender by, 126. 
ratan Mate STO. 
seceeeeeey Osmond, 490. 
covesseeey Peregrine, 97. 
s.s... Or Clerk, Capt. Rob., 553, 602(2), 603, 
., letters of, 861, 374, 383, 396. 
aeetas estore , letter to, 374. 
neo Thos., 207. 
ssseeeeey Dr, Tim., physician to the King, 59. 


nag OF Clerk, Dr. Wm., Dean of Win- 
chester, 556. 


sses bessy oe 


EETEIT] 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Clark, or Clarke—cont. 

seerereees Capt., 306, 

Sees trae , Mr., of Suffolk, 50.° 
Creel » Mr., of Thetford, 571, 607. 
“8006 sseey (8 einer): 414. 

Clarveat, Hen., 656. 

Clavell, Rob., 315, 632. 

AEAN y severe, Petition of, 315: 
Clavering, Sir James, Bart., 183, 657. 
*evesseony eeens DECON Of; 94, 
seereveeeyeevevey Jane, wife of, 657. 
eo Sir John, 461, 629. 


50 , Dr. Rich., Master of University Col- 
“lege, Oxon) 524, 562. 

coonecdue Fics , letters of, 524, 530. 

A 5 Was musician, 597 (2). 

ame as pines , iron merchant, 178. 


Clemens, Mr., 633. 

Clements, Nich., tender by, 126. 

Clergy, 141, 198. 

Clerk, Dr., 514. 

eaaa , see also under Clark. 

Clerke, J., letter of, 71. 

Cleveland, Earl of, see Wentworth. 

Clifford, Lord, see Boyle. 

Clifford, George, 461. 

eceran s MATN, 968 (2); 

eses Sir Thos., Treasurer of the House- 
hold, 6 (?), 43, 76, 119, 228, 366, 483, 
541, 544. 


sseceeveey seeveey Appointed one of the Treasury 
Commissioners, 240. 


A A O CULCEIOLe LON. 

A R N E , father of, 541. 

Geier sses soveeey Lhomas, scholar at Oxford, his 
son, 48, 49, 76, 115, 151. 

T ET aA a LEET OL 32 J 

Clifton, Sir Clifford, 102, 408. 

..... Lady, 408. 

a Cap B238: 

Clint, Wm., 223 (2). 

Clinton, Theophilus, fourth Earl of Lincoln, 
129. 

EPET , Bridget, widow of, petition of, 
1 


peers eee Edward, fifth Earl of Lincoln, 
grandson of, 130. 


Cloth or clothing, customs on, receiver of, 657. 
essees... Gloucestershire, 657. 
s... Mode of pressing, 154, 422, 505. 

es... Of gold and silver, 504. 

Cece SALGS, 

Oioi .., Ships laden with, 47, 143, 239, 307, 
871, 397, 430, 548, 579. 

Clun, co. Salop, hospital at, 139. 


Clutterbuck, Thos., clerk, 372 (2), 379. 


enone 30 n 656006 » petition of, 371. 

peace ..., Thos., or Sir Thos., consul at Leghorn, 
85, 92, 264, 265, 328 (?), 544. 

EEA kesme lEtterd Of, 2263 907. 


rasene s ato letter to 10d, 


685 


Clutterbuck, Thos., or Sir Thos.— cont. 


OIE se... petition and narratives of, 506- 
508. 
TOA A A A EO Or 


weee eee COUGLenEOT OOS. 
Coals, casual notices of, passim. 
sanea GUtles on, 459. 

seseseeeey farming of, 380. 

soorseeee fOr France, 91, 548. 


sseoveeeey Ships laden with, or colliers, 17, 19, 
57, 151, 391, 413, 429, 530, 543, 548; 
see also Aldborough, Harwich, Hull, 
Milford, Newcastle, Sunderland, Whit- 
by, and Yarmouth, letters dated from. 

Cob, Hen. Peterson, 270. 


Cobb, Sir Fras., 62. A 
Cobbit, Col., 426. 

Cobham Bridge, Surrey (?), fishing at, 323. 
Cochin, or Cosheen, India, 237 (?). 

Cock, George, 96. 

aeee Capts George, OF, 


aut aeli , John, 465. 

eraser Capta 281: 

Cockayne, Bryan, Viscount Cullen, 652. 
EEan see...” Eliz., Lady Cullen, his wife, 657. 


Cocker! John, 879. 
Cockerington, co. Lincoln, resident at, 25. 
Cockermouth, Cumberland, 93, 239. 

. letter dated from, 357. 


sseeeeeeey Lieutenant of the Honour of, 66. 
Cocks, George, 128. 

ei see... Nat., son of, petition of, 128, 
deshetoses: seep ens aeaee PTANGLAtHOr Ol L28; 
AOS , Sectary, 419, 420. 

Coe, Hen., 486. 

RS eses seese petition of, 486. 

Coell, as, 544, 

ETO , Sir John, 537 (2), 538, 566, 569, 592. 


Cadeo, Laur., certificate by, 85. 

Cofferer of ine Household, see Ashburnhan, 
Wm. 

Coin, clipping of, 318, 462, 534, 603, 657. 

Resse , counterfeit, or false moneys, 101 (8), 
477, 478, 480. 

Coiners, 375, 585. 


Colbert [Jean Batiste], French minister, 625. 

eee M., French ambassador to England, 
156, 171, 186, 191. 

epee see O san LorOlsn lilacs 

Banano > seeeeey SeLVant Of, 170. 

Colchester, Lord, see Savage. 

Colchester, Essex, 72, 193, 229. 

seseeeveey Daize made at, 193. 


ee s se... COrporation of makers of, 157. 

AION Corporation, governors of, 193. 

REO , letter dated from, 591. 

Cole, Anne, letters of, 240, 456. 

soGdKoN0K , or Coles, Chris., Sussex, 26 (?), 38 (?), 
171 (2), 264, 395 (?), 497 (?), 499, 


593 (2), 600, 601, 615, 624 (?), 626 (?), 
635 (2), 636 (4). 
., letter of, 16. 


eee eeeerey oso 


686 


Cole, or Coles—cont. 

TINAS , Francis, 225. 

e.s... Capt. John, of Cromwells army, 243, 
632 (2). 

sereoo Dr. JONN, 39, 82. 

Saat see) Lawr., 508. 

Teaser , Paul, Hants, 26 (?), 38 (?), 171 (2), 
248, 260, 263, 267, 286, 306, 406, 
467 (?), 485 (?), 487 (?), 580 (?), 
624 Q), 626 (?), 635 (?), 636 (2 ?). 

se... proposals by, 249. 


oeeeeeeeeg es 


ANG ..„ Col. Ralph, 25, 30, 72. 
ss... Raphael, contract with, 98. 
is .., Rich., 206. 

ATE s ees Wife Of, 206. 

Sneadosct > sss... Capt., nephew of, 206. 
Sec esalens , Thos., 389. 

eseese, W., petition of, 389. 
Eers , Capt., 200. 


Coleman, Edw., 597. 
ese... Fras., affidavit by, 584. 


seeseeseey Capt, 359, 360. 
Colepepper, Thomas, Lord Colepepper, 118 
(2), 650. 


Coles, see Cole. 

Coleshill, co. Warwick,robbery at, 145, 208, 236. 

Colier, A., M.D., certificate by, 85. 

Coling, Benj., 132. 

esses... Rich., letter of, 244. 

Seances » Mr., 474, 475. 

Coliton, John, 90. 

Colleton, Sir John, see Coriton. 

Collier, Charles (for H. Salesbury), letters of, 
395, 405, 414, 418, 428, 436, 525, 575, 


579. 
ees ceesre ELCDE Vana ao. 
R » Capt., 90. 


Collings, Capt., 555. 

Collingwood, Dan., 119. 

Collins, John, 441. 

Colman, Edw., letter of, 97. 

Cologne, Bishop of [Ferdinand Maria of 
Bavaria], 619. 

Colombiers, near Paris, death of the Queen 
Mother at, 474. 

Colonies, the, see Barbadoes, Jamaica, 
Nevis, Newfoundland, Plantations, and 
St. Christophers. 

Colston, Hum., 148, 560. 

sisesserey Rich., 247, 256 (2). 

4550000 sey severe, Petition, &c., of, 255 (2). 

Colt, alias Portram, Max, 277. 

Colthorp, Mr., 49. 

Colyer, Thos., receipt by, 339. 

Combe, or Coombe (co. Devon?), ship of, 608. 

Bane: > sss... Wrecks Dear, 578. 

Commerce, see Trade. 

Common Pleas, Court of, 138, 308. 

esteses, Judges Of, 420. 

A ar , Lord Chief Justice of, see Vaughan, 
Sir John. 

iene , trial in, 638. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Commons, House of, 140; see also Parliament. 

eoane ....„ adjournment of, alluded to, 606. 

S , bills brought before, alluded to, 569, 
606. 

Sagocenne serete) MOLE OL IIO 


eee , Committee of Inspection in, 109. 

emess e... Clerk of, certificate by, 109. 

neS ...„ in connection with the House of Lords, 
536-538, 543, 550. 

nE ... journals of, papers printed in, 550, 
569, 570, 604. 


reassess Members of, 543. 


seeveeeeey MEBSAgeS to, 603, 606. 

seins , orders or summons to, by the King, 
alluded to, 536-588. 

seeeereeey petition to, 128. 

eseese... proceedings of, 536-538, 543, 570. 

eseese.. SErjeant-at-arms to, 361. 


OG .... Speaker of, see Turner, Sir Edw., Bart. 
seese., Speaker’s Chambers in, paper dated 
from, 109. 


Compton, James, third Earl of Northampton, 
53, 346, 576, 655. 


eseon cess essceeg COLUMCALCI DY S00 

sapseunesy osoasa letter Of, 564: 

Compton, Dr. Hen., 297, 298, 300, 408. 

Coney, Howard, 172 (2). 

sesseeeeey SiC Wi., 120, 145. 

Congleton, Cheshire, Mayor of, 373. 

soosesseey SeCtaries at, 373. 

Conny, John, letters of, 91, 331. 

Conpill Yard, near Bristol, timber and goods 
at, 28, 35, 56, 75, 78 (3). 

Constantinople, 101, 849, 480, 525, 559. 

seeeseeeey ambassador (English) at, see Turkey, 
ambassador to. 

aeai ..„ ambassador (Italian) at, 351. 

ssseeeeeey Ships to or from, 117, 206. 

Seaain , travellers to or from, 93, 107, 479, 
480. 

EEN , treasurer of Levant Company at, see 
Hedges, Wm. 

Consuls, English, abroad, 157, 647; see 
also under the several towns and 
countries. 

a E AOR 

Conventicle Act, alluded to, 140, 256, 257, 
269, 342, 466. 

Conventiclers, see Nonconformists. 

coooo0odn » proclamation concerning, 412. 

MR a s esey alluded to, 449, 463, 466, 481. 

Conventicles, meeting-houses, or meetings, 228° 
236, 265, 268, 294, 321, 342, 354, 408» 
419 (2), 420, 450, 465, 481, 516, 617> 
623, 655 (2); see also Yarmouth» 
Coventry, and Scotland, conventicles 
in. 

weenie , judges’ opinion concerning, 398. 

terese pamphlets concerning, 140. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Conway, Edward, Viscount Conway, letters 
to, 102, 148, 223, 279, 408, 444, 453, 
501 513, 567. 

. Servants of, 502, 567. 


SN , Anne, Countess Conway, wife 
of, 513, 659. 


STOR 3 eee, future Countess of, Eliz. Booth, 
629. 

Conway, North Wales, posts from, 167. 

BOGAOCE .. postmaster of, 472. 

Bae .... travellers to, 308, 490. 

Cook, or Cooke, Fras., 116. 

S ese ii , Henry, 25. 

SROs IG , Jo., letters of, 47, 276, 470. 

EA , Rich., 168. 


eee eeeeeeg ses 


eee eens 


Seainwetcns » Rob., 425. 
eehssnees Thos., 422,467, 


eree W., groom of Privy Chamber, 188, 
216, 217, 652. 


A Mr, 286, 371. 
ananin Se , Mr., of the Letter Office, 161, 474. 
Coombe, see Combe. 
Coomer, Mr., 566. 


Cooper, Anthony Ashley, Lord Ashley, 8, 47, 
111, 115, 131, 138, 143, 228, 330, 382, 
414, 432, 542, 564. 


ET » e... AS Treasury Commissioner, 240. 
esea ss es... aS Treasurer of Prizes, 422. 
REE s secese, description of, 542. 

API > «sees, Information to, 632. 

KCO p ses... letters of, 66, 191, 238. 

OROS Sacer , letter to, 153. 

Series seseg seeeeey FEferences to, 338, 576. 

saiastieine » ovese, reports of, 55, 114. 

Spc aatoaG > aeeveny Warrant to, 317. 


Cooper, Mr., Treasurer of Prizes at Dover, 47, 

Cope, Capt., 90. 

Copenhagen, Denmark, advices from, 375. 

Copley, Nich., messenger, 137. 

Coppinger, Matt., 289, 290. 

Corbet, Wm., 313. 

Corbett, Jas., 641. 

Corbin, Thos., 158. 

Corcelli, ships off, 603. 

Cordery, Thos., 329. 

Corfield, Chas., 624. 

Corie, Thos., letters of, 535, 627. 

Coriton, or Colleton, Sir John, 535. 

Cork, Earl of, see Boyle. 

Cork, Ireland, letter dated from, 447. 

.eeeeesse) MONasteries in, 619. 

eae wees SDIplOr, Go2. 

OOD , Ship to, 27. 

Corn or grain (wheat, barley, oats, or rye), 
22, 140, 160, 196, 233, 345, 413. 

import of, 348. 

A 3 c... proclamation forbidding, 252. 

, ships laden with, 17, 143, 236, 239, 

240, 266, 272, 279, 282, 338, 396, 596, 

623. 


ee oeeeesey 


ser ew eres 


687 


Cornaro, Signor Andrea, 206. 

Cornbury, Lord, see Hyde. 

Cornel, Charles, and Mary his wife, 501. 
Cornelissen, Phil., 207 (2). 

Cornes, Peter, 652. 

serie 3 eosses, SON Of, 652, 

Corney, Thos., letters of, 157, 176, 196. 
Cornwall, assizes in, 433. 

e... Deanery of Burian’s in, 421. 

-, Deputy Vice-Admiral for, 433. 
teikti . Duchy of, 433. j 
t «+. hundreds in, 199. 
aa es , port in, 239. 

ARRA , postmasters of, 212. 
Sob6 .... posts to, 198. 
oneen. , receiver in, 646. 
CORATO , tin in, 367, 383, 409, 646. 
seseveeey evoveey ASSAY master for, 73, 98, 359. 


Gornwallie. Charles, second Lord Cornwallis, 
Baron of Eye, 9, 579, 598, 


Cornwallis, Chas., 353. 
acuario, MIT, 2598 
Cornwell, co. Oxon, rectory of, 430. 


Corporation Act, alluded to, 420, 466, 490, 
616. 


Corthy, wrecked persons at, 144. 

Corton, co. Norfolk, ships at, 360. 

Cory, Ann, 346. 

EOI , J., letter of, 287. 

Cosheen [Cochin ?], 237. 

Cosin, Dr. John, Bishop of Durham, 73, 269, 


528, 656. 
selene EaR , letters of, 25, 72. 
Seats eeneg seveeey letters, &e., to, 1938, 268, 486. 


Cosiner, John, information by, 872. 
Cossiter, co. Northampton, resident at, 360. 
Coster, George de, 222. 

Cottam, John, 371. 


Cotterel, Sir Chas., Master of the Ceremonies, 
231. 


mheasa sey eoeeeey Clement, son of, 231. 


Cottesbrook, co. Northampton, resident at, 
597. 


Cottle, Mark, registrar [of the Court of 
Arches ?], 261, 297, 301. 


Cotton, Sir John, 203.7 

Council, the, see Privy Council. 

Country, Capt. Rich., certificate by, 70. 

Court, the, 46, 62, 261, 271, 310, 316, 455, 
472 (2); and see Whitehall and Hamp- 
ton Court. 

unesete party, 623. 

Aea ., persons at, 13, 33, 72, 77, 124. 

Telaien AT , privilege of, 647. 

sopgse0ee , regiment in attendance at, 333. 

Courteen, Sir Wm., 535. 

Courts martial, 308. 

Covell, Thos., letter of, 557. 

PaaS e Petition of, 393. 


Coven, Steph., 201. 


688 


Covenant, abjuring of, 96, 100, 490, 517, 538, 


616 (2). 
EEA , refusal to take, 65. 
Seesar o) solemn league and, discovery of 


original of, 135. 
Coventry, George; third Baron Coventry, 463. 
Coventry, Henry, 1 
, Sir Jobn, 428, 456. 
e. Sir Wm., Navy Commissioner, 168, 
222 (38), 240 (2), 483, 495. 
., letter of, 159. 
oaoa seanma okser i alludedsto, L68: 
Coventry and Lichfield, Bishop of, see Hacket, 
John. 
Coventry (city), 33, 47, 145, 438. 
Eear , assizes at, 236, 430. 
.eeeee, Chamberlains of, 438, 564. 
DO , church steeple of, 25, 33. 
ra , citizens of, 262. 
., conventicles and ronconformists at, 
209, 236, 262, 438, 486, 564, 655. 
EEEREN . cross, repairing of, 25, 486. 
ss... letters dated from, 5, 25, 33, 47, 145, 
170, 208, 236, 241, 262, 282, 430, 438, 
486, 564. 
seseseesey Mayor and officers of, 25, 47, 486, 
564, 655. 
assesses DEWS from, 145, 236, 282, 438. 
soeeeveeey places in, viz. :— 
Bull Inn, 486. 
Leather Hall, 
438, 655. 
New House, near, 209. 
St. Michael’s parish, 655. 


eecteresey oe 


209, 236, 262, 430, 


seasons FeSident at, 145, 

eserseeeey SCHOO! at, 145. 

EOS , sheriffs of, 25, 33, 47, 564. 

Soe OUGAN travellers to or from, 236, 241, 486. 


Cowes, Mr., 622. 
Cowes, Isle of Wight, 102, 593. 
OSES castle at, 244. 
escroa FeSidents at, 388, 601. 
s... Ships to, at, or from, 18, 127, 268, 
289, 298. 
eeste RO, Ship to, 158. 
eave ease East, resident at, 397. 
Cox, Capt. John, Navy Commissioner at 
Chatham, 197, 274, 340, 443, 458, 495, 
515, 519, 530, 540, 545, 554, 566, 568. 
tecssoeeey setr ABTEEMENt With, 526. 
seesaey eseese CeLtificate by, 614. 
SRSA CR ERE TOD , letters of, 187, 200, 210, 436, 
440, 469, 472, 476, 491, 493, 498, 499, 
504, 512, 515, 526, 528, 531, 534 (2), 
540, 545, 551, 554, 565, 570, 571, 574, 
579, 582, 584, 586, 588, 594, 600, 604, 
609, 623, 658. 


OAE AT , letters to, 593, 609. 
nantia , Rich., receipt by, 88. 
DAOA Rob., 159. 

ES Thos., tender by, 126. 


Lieut.-Col. Thos., petition of, 323. 


EEEEEEEETI 


GENERAL 


INDEX. 


Cox—cont. 

Capt., 158. 

Mrs., 471, 474, 483, 492, 496. 
Coytmore, Rob., letter of, 92. 

Cozens, Mr., of Portsmouth, 284, 313, 322. 


ETTETEETT) 


ssssseseeg 


RARE > osese; COntract by, 328. 
Crabb, Math., letter of, 279. 
a A pada , wife of, 279. 


Crake, Mr., suit by, 361. 
Cramond, Lord Richardson of, see Richardson. 
Crane, Fras., 288, 585. 


ee erary ensim letters of, 195, 451, 490, 511, 
528, 391, 614. 

NT , wife of, 490. 

are ACNE , Jane, sister of, 467 (2), 490. 

aies otd ainese anaes LELLEL LOL Oo 4s 

a S , Marie, sister of, 394. 

ra ue aeea a reaa ettor OL 40g. 

seceseeeey Wm., letter of, 102. 

eevee apis oss 

Se eelan Lady, 219. 


Cranfield, Lionel, third Earl of Middlesex, 255. 
Cratford, Chr., 501, 513. 


arenas aiies LEters nor, 02. 408, 501. 
eaten William: Earl of Craven, 139, 259, 
414, 
O CESS , grant to, 386. 
queonddéccy AE , letter of, 181. 
EOT , letter to, 183. 


Cavey North, Bucks, living of, 556. 
Creed, Major, 614. 


Crequy [Carolus], Duke of, or Marshal de, 
178, 416, 422. 


Creslow pastures, Bucks, 366. 

Cressett, Edw., 622. 

Cressey, Thos., 569. 

Crew, Dr. Nath., Clerk of the Closet and Dean 
of Chichester, 266, 276, 614. - 

Crips, Wm., messenger of the chamber, 198. 

Crisp, Sir Nich., executors of, 583. 

eoa concogy nocoody IKE R 7), 

Crispin, Capt. Wm., 249, 343. ` 

Croft, William, Lord Croft, 7, 471. 

Croft, Herbert, Bishop of Hereford and Dean 
of the Chapel Royal, 37, 266, 338. 

Ar naese CELtificates; SLC DYS 2 SOLL 


. letters of, 93, 191. 

eean IS ANAS , references to, and reports of, 30, 
36, 89, 55, 91, 94, 97, 103, 114, 146, 
154, 247, 248. 

Croisic, or Crosick, France, ships at, to, or 
from, 33, 99, 266, 293, 307, 317, 324, 
328, 369, 447, 


easca , ship of, 530. 

Croke, Sir Rob., Clerk of the Pipe, 413. 

» Rob., son of, 413. 

es... Lady Susan, 399. 

Cromer, Norfolk, St. Nicholas Gate at, 461. 
Crompton, —, licence to, 222. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Cromwell, George, 347. 


AOT Henry, 604. 

sesaseeeey Oliver, Protector, Usurper &c., 140, 
278, 425, 623, 633, 640. 

r SEE , army of, officers and soldiers in, 
88, 243, 632, 633. 

aknas s . declaration of, alluded to, 194. 

OA AT , times of, alluded to, 95, 136, 184, 
203, 387. 


Crosse, John, letter to, 104. 


Crouch, Dr. Mathew, letter of, 148. 
AA > sees petition of, 148. 
reae MES 2294 


Crow, Mr., of Yarmouth, 38. 


O DOSOG » half-brothers of, see Bransby, 
Thos. and Rob. 


Crowe, Capt. Thos., 395, 418. 


EONA as S Š Getiifncate by, 395. 
Crowland, co. Lincoln, lands in, 648. 
safe ++se, Manor and stewardship of, 552, 564. 


Crowmarsh, co. Oxon, rectory of, 532. 


Crown, the, 73, 83, 321, 592, 606. 

debts due to, 39, 387, 453, 

lands or houses, &c., belonging, con- 
veyed, or reverting to, 94, 109, 127, 
132 (2), 194, 212, 317, 320, 323, 337, 
440, 558, 581,642; see also Charles IL., 
houses or palaces of. 

RE Office, fees in, 139. 


ER , proceedings in, 501. 
Croxton Park (Norfolk ?), keeper of, 535. 


Cudworth, Dr. Ralph, Master of Christ’s Col- 
lege, Cambridge, 321, 353, 380. 


EETTTETET] 


EETTTETET) 


P pe letters of, 312, 318, 331, 335, 
349, 362. 

OE aia ; ees... Damaris, wife of, 312, 321, 349. 

Salads sos eiea letters of, 651; 344.. 

Aare menesi sant , son-in-law or step-son of, see 
Abney, Dr. 


Cullen, Viscount, see Cockayne. 
Culmer, John, 70. 
isos eessen Letter 0f. 249, 
Cumber, Thos., M.A., petition of, 371. 
Cumberland, 320, 399. 
ROOD ...., Almoner for, 10. 

s... lieutenant of, 88. 

s.e... HONCONFOrmists in, 73. 

s.s... Places in, 10, 75, 152. 

s.s... residents in, 136, 641. 
a... Rose Castle in, see Rose Castle. 

ss... Sheriff of, 422, 

Cunningham, Arnold, letter of, 134. 
Curagoa, or Keurassoa, ship from, 22. 
Curdworth Bridge, robbery near, 145. 
Curson, Mary, letter of, 256. 
, Heb., sister of, 256. 
Curtin, Mr., 463. 
Curtis, Mr., of Zealand, 401. 


79380. 


689 


Curwen, Sir Pat., 66. 
<... Mr., 466, 531, y 


Curzon, Sir John, Receiver for the Duchy of 
Lancaster, 36, 153, 181, 229. 


REA seeen Warrants to, 122, 129, 197, 
Gision House, London, 28, 184. 


seashore , fire at, 573. 

EREE keepership of, 70. 

oo , land waiter’s place in, 93, 170. 

Sioe aiee letters dated from, 163, 583. 

aak ., Officers of, 28. 

ERES rebuilding of, 258, 604. 

Customs or duties, 43, 136, 169; see also 
Coals, Hearths, Salt, Timber, and 


Wine, customs or duties on. 
, Act for regulation of, alluded to, 138, 
291, 358. 
Oto eee, assignments on, alluded to, 119, 158, 
166, 190, 239. 

see vey COllector of, 651. 
Commissioners of, letter to, 651. 
Comptrollership of, 621. 


seis ane farmers of, 34 (2), 43 (2), 79, 83, 
104, 105, 170, 174, 184, 196, 221, 240, 
433, 449, 557, 583, 599, 604, 622, 642, 


ssresosseg 


teeseseseg 


657. 
nubicadcos 5 NOdKED , certificate by, 583. 
ApO500000 > eevee letters to, 79, 379. 
Sogno > «eee, order of, alluded to, 391. 
5909009 sa est =e OLders: 10,-146, 29]. 
SOE eues soeoeey payment to, 321. 
noan E Questions to, 341. 
Parr Ronee: On 000e , references to and reports of, 


21, 122, 291, 358. 
A, sey eene Warrant to, 501. 
, farming of, 43, 83, 84, 599. 
ES frauds in, 645. 
, in Ireland, see Ireland. 
, Officers of, 122, 152, 240, 2&2, 348, 
407, 506, 527. 


EEE ces payments from, 27, 128, 242, 253, 
323, 650. 

PAO strangers’ or aliens’, 291, 341 (2), 
618. 


, surveyors of, 304, 598. 


Cutler, Sam., 654. 
, Mr, chaplain, 333. 


see eeeeees 


D 


Dacre, Lord, see Lennard. 

Dale (Wales ?), ship ashore at, 149. 

Dallett, Mr., 408. 

Dalton, Dr. Thos., certificate by, 64. 
XX 


690 


Danby, Earl of, see Danvers, Henry. 
Danby, Thos. and Chris., 652. 
Danes, trade in the hands of, 167. 
Daniel, John, 361. 
Danish ambassador, 377, 378. 
Rr cana , ships or Danes, 213, 265, 307, 355, 
381, 428, 550. 
Dantzic, Prussia, 244, 396, 532. 
... natives of, 121, 146. 


SAET , ships to or from, 77, 838, 384, 387, 


466, 623. 
Danvers, Henry, first Earl of Danby, 632. 
Darby, John, 92. 
Darcy, Capt. Thos., 15, 422, 633. 
athens a LeLber Oli O74, 
D , Sir William, petition of, 34. 
aieh , highwayman, 194. 
sa aites » Mr., late, estate of, 239. 


Darell, or Dorrell, Major Nath., governor of 
Landguard fort, 2. 


a ere ness Letter OL, 34,0. 

Darley; co. Dean (?), tithes of, 162. 

Darrell, Marmaduke, 380 (2). 

Dartford, Kent, 323, 338. 

Dartmouth, Devon, 550, 643. 

Wagener , post office at, 240. 

seseorg SHIPS ON 14n 0LO OIZ: 

Daulton, Oliver, 581. 

Davall, Anna, 337. 

Davenant, Ralph, 121, 
561, 612. 


EDIS AE , petitions of, 114, 386. 
raS , Sir Wm., 648. 

Davenport, Jobn (late), 277. 

ADD HODSOE , Capt., 314. 

Davidson, Michael, 295. 

Agonio , Sir Wm., 139. 

Davies, J., certificate by, 162. 
easiness , Sir Wm., 432. 

Davill, innkeeper, 273. 


148, 301, 382, 399, 


Davis, or Davies, Rich., bookseller at Oxford, 


AO, 140. sg 
Dawes, John, 358, 598. 
Dawkes, Thos., 188. 
Socata eh MES ertor oig Sos 
Dawkins, Thos., affidavit by, 258. 
Dawson, John, messenger, 29. 
Esa, > sevseey Warrant to, 30. 
Day, Capt. John, 887. 
SEB oe doi , Wm., certificate by, 165. 


Deal, Kent, 57, 160, 183, 208, 233, 817, 875, 


511, 521, 570, 628, 658. 
tenaa Castle, gun fired at, 81. 
E Goce , lieutenant of, 148. 


ice nha Sa .... Ships ashore near, 148, 152, 160, 


161, 167, 594. 


s letters, &c., dated from (1668), 3, 4, 
33, 40, 45, 47, 57, 61, 
64, 66, 71, 72 (3), 77, 81, 86-89, 91, 


15, 21, 24, 31, 


96, 102, 110, 114, 116 (2), 122, 125. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Deal, letters, &c., dated from-—cont. 

AT Re (1669), 144, 148 (2), 152, 160, 
161, 166, 167, 170,174 (8), 183, 184 
(2), 188, 191, 196, 199 (2), 203, 204 
(2), 207, 209, 212, 214, Woe 28s 
921, 223, 229, 230 (2), 233, 241, 244, 
249, 257, 265, 269, 271, 275, 276, 281, 
289, 290, 302, 303, 305, 306, 309, 311, 
318, 324, 326, 328, 329, 331, 332, 343, 
345 (2), 348, 350, 351, 355, 356, 360, 
363, 369, 371, 374, 384, 387, 391, 394, 
395, 396, 404, 407, 413, 415, 417, 426, 
436, 438, 444, 445, 449, 450, 452, 453, 
457 (2), 463, 468, 475, 485, 492, 496, 
500 (2), 503, 510, 511, 520, 523, 525, 
533 (2), 556, 558, 560 (2), 563, 570 (2), 
575 (2), 577- 579, 585 (2), 587, 590, 
592 (2), 594, 596, 599, 604, 605, 610, 
613 (2), 616, 628 (2), 634. 

sveseseeey MED Of, 86 (2), 328, 355. 

odoo , news from, 345, 444, 445. 

EIS , residents in or near, 102, 123, 125, 
177, 215, 593, 610, 6l4. 

ARAA , Ships of, 123, 215. 

ai ales esis , ships to and from, 24, 31, 40, 47, 66, 
72, 81, 116 (2), 166, 269, 289, 302, 
803, 306, 811, 345, 348, 363, 387, 404, 
418, 415, 450, 452, 453, 457 (2), 463, 
489, 500 (2), 503, 560 (2), 575, 579, 
587, 590, 604, 616, 628. 


A surveyor of customs at, 104, 110, 174, 
aos 
Basie ...) travellers to, 244, 503. 


Dean, Cumberland, parish of, 136. 


Capt. Ant., master shipwright at 
Portsmouth, 118, 124, 202, 260 (2), 
263, 264, 275, 276, 302, 313, 322, 431, 
539, 552. 


app oboe sey sessao EStimates, &c., by, 210, 412 


Deane, 


deh Mace , letters of, 13, 15, 16, 21, 26, 28, 
34, 38, 46, 56, 61, 67, 70, 90, 103 (2), 
113, 117, 122, 146, 147, 153, 168, 171, 
175, 187, 204, 210, 220 (2), 299, 306, 
322, 335, 340, 343, 348, 354, 363, 415, 
416, 427, 429, 431, 443, 451, 547, 580, 
588, 600, 615, 618, 624, 626. 

ranea aeetesp lettori See 
sesevey sevens, DOLE, &., by, 141, 618. 

seseenievay Resecey WIL OL, 220: 

oot , Eliz., 461. 

Deans and Chapters, lands of, 320; see also 
under the various dioceses. 

Death, Thos., certificate of, 40. 

Debenham, John, 378. 

sesoseey seese Edmund, son of, 378. 

Debra Laurence, 255 (2). : 

Decry, Hilaire, letters of, 62, 75, 80, 186, 201, 
209, 475. 

s... brother of, 201. 


| Dee, the, river, 270. 


Deeters, Derrick, 612. 
Degg, Simon, 453. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


De la Fabvolliére, Dan. Fabureau, 134, 245, 
246, 298, 386, 460, 463, 567. 

ay Tetons of, 224, 277, 567. 

AAE «, letter to, 134. 

oriai eenas pCtition of, 128. 

Delamere, Lord, see Booth. 

Delamere Forest, co. Chester, 378, 594. 

De la Saulx, Isaac, 501. 

Delaunay (Frenchman), 283. 

Delegates, Court of, 603. 

Dell, John, inventory by, 210. 

Dempsey, Col. Chas., 333 (2). 

aes .., Lieut.-Col. Laurence, 333, 

Denbigh, Earl of, see Fielding. 

Denbigh, travellers to, 490. 

Denbighshire, lands in, 270. 

Denero, Nath., 401. 

Denham, Sir John, surveyor of works, 111, 


esoebessey as 


132, 227. 
umes Aeneas LeECETS OTA 1815.224. 
Dorao ecs seces Letter to, 133 (?). 
AR > seses Statement by, 137. 
saoao >... elegy upon, 659. 


Denham, co. Bucks, rectory of, 610. 

Denish, merchant, 595. 

Denization, grants of, or warrants for, to 
aliens, 26, 54 (2), 121, 146, 162, 210, 
222, 270, 327, 334, 337, 341, 347, 422, 
498, 521, 612, 618, 652. 

Denmark [Frederic III.], King of, 428. 

ahina s +.. ambassador of, Baron de Gul- 
denlew, 375, 377, 378, 542, 561, 596. 

AAAA Meer COUrL ON O12. 

a .... [Christian], Prince of, 461. 

Denmark, 3238, 542. 

sses. Ships Of, see Danish ships. 

TSA , Ship to, 596. 

Jeina , treaty of, with Sweden, 186. 

Dennis, Rich., 384. 

AEA , Silvester, 505, 597, 

Denton, Wm. 392. 

Denver, Norfolk, resident at, 535. 

Deptford, 16, 182, 339, 353, 505, 586, 605. 

Rede ape , letters dated from, 118, 187, 200, 210, 
249 (2), 274, 280, 306, 312, 313, 316, 
328, 331, 332, 348, 353, 361, 376, 402, 
412, 455 (2), 460, 469, 470 (2), 485 
(2), 488, 495, 502, 504 (2), 505, 512, 
518, 519, 524 (2), 532, 544, 551, 554, 
574, 589, 591, 606, 611, 620 (3), 624, 
630 (2). 

soon s.. resident at, 589. 

SRE , Ships at or near, 41, 253, 441, 448. 

asesores Ships to or from, 41, 147, 169, 174, 

185, 215, 253, 306, 310, 322, 328, 331, 

370, 392, 412, 417, 491, 495, 504, 534, 

580, 582, 584, 586, 623, 641. 

, Trinity House dinner at, 355. 

Lateran nese s «ee... WOMEN Of, 601. 

Deptford dock or dockyard, 205, 211, 485, 
499, 512, 519, 582, 551. 

a... Brick Close at, 246, 312. 


691 


Deptford dock or dockyard—cont. 
ere aes , seseeey Clerk of the cheque at, 356, 392, 


EON , +... Clerk of the survey at, see Uth- 
wat, J. 

E ae , Navy stores at, to, or from, 17, 
65, 92, 144, 150, 158, 162, 178, 195, 
210, 223, 284 (2), 296, 305, 363, 436, 
470, 529, 530, 532, 583, 615, 620 (2). 


Sian > sess.. embezzlement of, 312. 

essais seenen Officers at, 197, 211, 284. 

aeotig8 600 >e.. Ships building or launched at, 
&c., 179, 326, 331, 353, 524 (2), 532, 
574, 598. 

ative , sse.. Storehouse at, 223, 412. 

EES ENSO , Storekeeper of, 485, 606. 

E EA , timber or masts at, for, or from, 


6, Ue 171, 211, 227, 237, 280, 326, 331, 
340, 389, 402, 407, 455 (2), 485 (2), 
488, 494, 495, se 526, 545, 577, 620, 

\ 624, 630. 
E , workmen at, to, or from, 136, 
313, 398, 400, 432, 547, 554, 580, 594. 


DEUI T ER wanted at, 518. 


Deptford, Upper, wharf at, 544. 

Derby, Earl of, see Stanley. 

Derbyshire, 481, 520. 

aN , residents in, 145, 501, 652. 

Derham, Rob., 340. 

Dering, Edw., 418 (2). 

ieee > e... Letter of, 16. 

oori , Sir Edw., Bart., 163, 445 (2). 

a USuedG , as Commissioner of Privy Seal, 
487, 514. 

AEN pe...” Wife of, 445. 

Derry [Ireland], woods in, 640. 

Desborough, Mr., 431. 

Desborow [Col. John], 387. 

Deschappelle, Sieur, petition of, 509. 

Des Marces, Sir Ant., 52, 132, 240 (2), 261, 
456, 656. 

Des Moulens, [Frenchman], 5v9. 

Dethick, Thos., 40. 

RER enaere Letter, tO, LONS 

Doei parser] 284, 

Deval, Claude, 242. 

P Ee , Lewis, 583. 

Devel, John, letter of, 214. 

Devereux, Leicester, sıxth Viscount Hereford, 
Ae 

Devereux, Mr., 462. 

Devonshire, Lord Lieutenant of, letter to, 408. 

ASKERS , places in, 5, 598, 643. 

AOA residents in, 575, 595, 626. 

Aae , sheriff of, 590, 631. 

sie , tin in, 646. 

ENT ze. Assay Master for, 73, 98, 359. 

Rete ie , Vicarages in, 55, 70, 154, 173, 575, 
597. 

Diamonds, 499. 

Dickenson, Wm., 527. 

RAG One Mr., 41. 


692 


Dieppe, plague at, 18, 22, 408, 442, 448, 556. 
spear gc , ships of, 4, 563. 


maestro , Ship from, 387. 
Digby, John, first Earl of Bristol, 166 (2), 
411. 


„œ s+) George, Lord Digby, second Earl of 
Bristol, his son, 157, 166, 382, 411, 


651. 
oa ae at aeee letter of, 97. 
eaten sasae LOtter to, Lol: 
ononon ) desero, Petition of, 166. 
Eas » ee, daughter of, 166. 
eassa , es... kinswoman of, 97. 
Digby Capt. Fras., 106, 226, 279. 
O , Sir Kenelm, 259. 


Digson, Capt. Edw., 415. 

Dike, Wm., 167. 

Dikes, Cuthbert, letter of, 303. 

Dillingham, Dr. Theo., Master of Clare Hall, 
Cambridge, letter of, 525. 

Dillon, Sir Jas., 51. 

Dinton, Bucks, see Dunton. 

Discoverers, see Informers. 

Disney, Sir Hen., 642. 


nese p sees.. Thos., M.A., son of, petition of, 
642. 

Divinity, Bachelors of, 54, 201, 276, 380, 387, 
433, 578. 

sessseseey Doctors of, 13, 39, 48, 50, 64, 82, 93, 


105, 107, 212, 228, 247, 268, 276, 340, 
371, 379, 387, 411 (2), 630, 652. 
Dixon, Thos., messenger of the Chamber 


warrants to, 279, 443. ? 
Dobie, John, 337. 
sopéonad A O , affidavit by, 337. 


Dobson, Edw., 585. 
Doddesley, Mat., 76, 87, 96. 
Doddington, Sir Fras., 184. 
Dodington, John, letter of, 94. 
Doggett, hemp merchant, 81. 


Dolben, John, Bishop of Rochester, 151, 
414, 


Teenis a s WEOE ations 

Doleman, Sir Thos, 304, 308. 
Dominica, West Indies, 22. 

Doncaster, co. York, resident near, 629. 
AO , traveller to, 528. 

Done, Mr., 484, 510. 


Donne, Dr. John, late Dean of St. Paul’s, 
641. 

Dorchester, Marquis of, see Pierrepoint, 
Henry. 


Dorchester, co. Dorset, assizes at, 209. 

Dorislaus, I., letters of, 144, 160. 

Dormer, Charles, Lord Ascott [son of Robert, 
Earl of Carnarvon], 505. 

Dorrell, Major Nath., see Darell. 

Dorsetshire, 55, 323, 649. 

OD , rectories &c., in, 30, 37, 281. 

NO , residents in, 123, 124, 

semaine .., Sheriff of, 568. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Dort, Holland, Commissioners to, 40. 


Douglas, James, second Marquis of Douglas, 
546. 

eaea , William, Earl of Selkirk and Duke of 
Hamilton, see Hamilton. 

JERE siss Lord, 520, 536. 

Douwes, Sipke, Hollander, 54. 

Dover, Earl of, see Carey, John. 

Dover, Wm., affidavit by, 250. 

Dover, Kent, 122, 160, 191, 577. 

.... Castle, 161. 

Saono , Governor of [deputy, Col. John 
"Strode ?], 161, 168, 188. 

Bagdeone cognac , Governor and deputy of (for 
mer), 184. 

OIA CAE , troops at, 247. 

spboantc ee of the passage and storekeeper 
at, see Carlile, John. 

e IN: , deputy of, 166, 169. 

oronbo .. Court of Chancery at, 448. 

sesseeseey letters dated from, 47, 94, 166, 169, 
174, 188, 214, 215, 230, 375, 383, 387, 
398, 407, 408, 430, 445 (2), 497, 514 
(2), 520, 536, 555, 577, 614, 620, 622. 

RonooaTne , mails or packets to and from, 142, 
536. 

en seo Ma yor or «27 IICN Os 

moodi , <+... deputy of, 408. 

OR , Nonconformists at, 94, 95. 

sae een , plague at, 555, 556, 577. 

RNA , port of, 291, 428. 

a a , residents in or near, 47, 59, 95, 247, 
289, 329. 

ppob , St. James’ Church in, court held at, 
122. 

esoe Ships at, 134. 

gasai AGOR , letters dated from, 611, 618, 
620. 

mae Aar , ships of, 18t, 398, 581. 

OAAS , ships to or from, 77, 169, 178, 476, 
492, 536, 555, 620, 622. 

s... Stores Or provisions at or from, 451, 

476, 605. 

seseeveeey travellers to or from, 8, 214, 279, 375, 
445, 498, 520, 536, 555. 


sseaseevey Treasurer of Prizes at (Mr. Cooper), 


47. 

seseveeesy Victualler at, 158, 427, 445. 

saana ak , Victualling Office, formerly Maison 
de Dieu at, 95. 

PEE Road, letter dated from, 611. 

E Aa «.. Ships in, 450. 


Dowghty, Capt., 170. 

Dowleman (plotter), 273. 

Downing, Sir George, 27, 156, 249, 357, 449, 
483, 501, 527. 


Retr Oe ete , letters of, 6,7, 42, 92, 106, 118, 
162, 170, 193, 207, 237, 239 (2), 249, 
246, 286, 287, 366, 392, 397, 398, 417 


(2), 444, 449, 516, 532, 555, 558 (2), 
591, 606. 


rAr s> ecer letters to, t55, 156, 246. 
.. Dote by, 156. 
ESEE , John, tender by, 126. 


sesssoeseg cone 


GENERAL INDEX, | 


sa e 223, 249, 343, 345, 463, 489, 538, 
tt 


eanas , commanders in, 41. 


A ., letters dated from, 28, 38, 99, 117 (2), 
123 (2), 153, 158, 160, 168, 174, 178, 
185, 251, 317, 351, 359, 370, 395, 402, 
427, 445, 447, 448, 450, 476, 489, 566, 
593 (2), 595, 600, 605. 


wosiseries , ships in or near, 3, 4, 15, 40, 61, 64, 
66, 71, 72, 77, 81, 89, 91, 96, 99, 102, 
103, 105, 110, 117 (2), 123, 175, 185, 
191, 196, 199, 229, 230, 241, 248, 278, 
281, 302, 305, 318, 348, 360, 371, 445 
457, 460, 485, 500, 503, 520, 523, 
570, 594, 602, 605, 610, 613. 


ao , men-of-war, or King’s and mer- 
chants’, lists of, by Morgan Lodge, 45, 
86, 125, 177; 218, 257, “305, 350, 391, 
436, 468, 510, 563, 599, 634. 


AnA y seeeeey alluded to, 467. 
esans s... muster master for, 309. 
Seeds ..», Ships to or from, 1, 18, 19, 33, 70, 72. 


75, 79, 144, 165, 185, 188, 228, 250, 
251, 268, 275, 298, 301; 309, 310, 326, 
345 (2), 348, 355, 374, 394, 395, 401, 
404, 414, 422, 427 (3), 447, 453, 457, 
463, 522, 580 (2), 585, 587, 592, 593, 


596, 601, 610, 611. 

, traveller to, 424. 

Dowter, Rob., 339. 

Doyley, Sir Wm., 75, 77, 97,139, 527. 


PaE Sir Wm., jun., 448. 
Drake, Sir John, Bart., 399. 
a O Wm.. Lose 
densa , Capt., 51 

EOE , Dr., 64 


Draperies, 80, 83. 
Driver, Rich., 472, 576 (2). 
OA O , Mary, widow of, petition of, 


Drontheim, Island of, Denmark, 186. 

Drummond, Mr., bookseller, 141. 

Drurie, Mr., 571. 

Dryden, Lady Eliz., 386. 

Duan, the (at Algiers), 602. 

Dublin, 249, 286, 497, 611. 

....-, Archbishop of, see Boyle, Mich. 

Baca .. Castle, letter dated from, 559. 

ss... letters addressed to, or to be sent to, 
172, 496, 513. 

Bae , letters dated from, 6, 53, 60, 71, 283, 
286, 325, 366, 448, 520, 522, 574. 


Lord Lieutenant at, see Robartes, 
Lord. 


seeeeeeeey persons in, 254, 494. 
oae ....; resident in, 437. 
. St. George’s Lane in, 567. 
..., Ships at, 36, 540. 
TET letters dated from, 12, 56, 254, 
264, 280, 352, 409. 
seveseeeey Ship Of, 552. 


sresssssey 


| 
| 


693 


Dublin—cont, 

Reien , Ships to or from, 163, 208, 283, 293, 
299, 352, 375, 440, 444, 453, 463, 473, 
497, 575, 578. 

bdubacdnt , society of glovers in, 643. 

dada e., travellers to or from, 5, 172, 208, 222, 
235, 250, 251, 300, 307 (2), 308, 324, 
328, 399, 432. 

Du Cane, M., 194. 

Ducket, Fras., 368. 

Duckinfield, Col. Rob., petition of, 128. 

Du Clos, M., 631. 

Dudley, Alice, Duchess Dudley, benefactions 


by, 175. 
EE, > «eee funeral, &c., of, 176, 208, 241. 
a ES , daughter of, see Leveston, 
Lady 


Dudley, Wm. (robber), 208. 

Dugdale, John, 441. 

Wm., letters of, 93, 229. 

Du Hobry, Mr., wife of, 152. 

Dulwich, College of God’s 
(6). 


ee eeney 


see ennene cy 


gift at, 247, 263 


brethren and sisters of, 247, 


founder of, see Alleyn, Edw. 


RES oc , Masters and wardens of, 247, 
248, 262, 263. 


TOOS aaea soreer potae LOCCEL LOs 262. 
atak , mastership of, petitions for, 247, 


s..s.sy 


X 


Dumas, M., 184. 

eass letter Or, 194: 

Dumblane, Bishop of, see Leighton, Rob, 
Dumfries, provost of, 517. 

Dumoulin, Claude, letter of, 191. 

Du Moulin, Peter, 190. 


Eai s «seeeey Signature of, 193. 
Duncan, Lieut.-Col. Thos., 129 (2). 
aeaaeae BEPA , petition of, 128. 

aee hta > «+s... Wife and children of, 129. 


Duncker, Wm., 178. 

Duncombe, Sir John, 120, 240. 

Dungannon, Lord, see Trevor, Mark. 

Dungeness, ships at, 144, 593. 

Dunham, Notts, traveller to, 397. 

Dunkirk, 129, 142, 552. 

dootinose , garrison at, 231. 

ACS , sale of, 245. 

AEN , Ship of, 355. 

Dunn, Thos., Yarmouth, 4. 

Sgod Mr., London, 29. 

Dunstable, co. Beds, letter dated from, 496. 

Dunster, Giles, signature of, 213. 

Dunton, or Dinton, Bucks, rectory of, 96-98, 
177, 184, 434. 

Dunwich, Suffolk, ship aground near, 605. 

Duppa, Thos., 562. 

Dupuy, Lawrence, 52, 167. 

Durant, Wm., preacher, 73, 77, 269. 

Durazzo, Signor Giovanni Agostino, 351. 


694 


Durel, Dr. John, 610. 
staat , certificate by, 311. 


Durham, Wm., 612. 

Durham, Bishop of, see Cosin, John. 

eben , bishopric of, 193, 486, 656. 

Boece , Archdeacon of, see Grenville, Denis. 

esate , prebends in or prebendaries of, 64, 
323, 522. 


Durham, County Palatine of, deputy-lieu- 
tenants of, 25, 30, 73. 


ES , lands, &c., in, 55, 183. 

oe ek , residents in, 645, 657 (2). 
weess. White House in, 94. 

cose eons WOOdS In, 617 


Durham (City), 342, 470. 

aao Castle of, 528. 

gnonoben ., letters dated from, 450, 570. 

Senate , prisoner at, 462. 

Durham, Old, letter dated from, 259. 

Durnell, John, 427. 

Dutch, the, Hollanders, or the enemy, 70, 410, 
415, 640; see also Holland. 

rse sepwee ANCHOF 189. 

Sisco captains, 214; see also Van Heems- 
kirk, Sir Lawrence. . 

«ee. congregation in London, see London. 

erae yr COFdAGE, 322, 


masae fleet, 7, 66, 67, 74, 86 (2), 89, 341, 
451. 

O08 aana ondo in the Thames and Medway, 7, 
129, 207, 216 (3), 304, 582, 619. 

e RT in Greenland, 500. 

PERAR knight, 10. 

EA language, 61, 158. 

E O (German ?), student of, 445. 

si... men, see Holland, residents in. 

OT, , denization of, see Denization. 

AIOT VAFO in England, 95. 

asus aee esee ID France, 604. 

S in Tripoli or Algiers, 117, 851. 

seseceeoe prisoners, 156, 470. 

neaasooos rings, 171. 

D ships, or Hollanders, 15, 63, 65, 66, 


71, 81, 96, 101, 102 (2), 105, 111, 117, 
118, 144, 149, 160, 167, 169, 184, 191, 
252, 299, 318, 331 (2), 345, 359, 381, 
415, 442, 445, 448, 452, 458, 468, 494, 
545, 552, 555, 560, 575, 581, 583, 587, 
588, 604, 611, 618, 616, 625, 629. 


anemic Eia , fitting out of, 288. 

SAST ships, East India, see East India 
Company, Dutch. 

aRoHO DHE ships, fishing, 482. 

Ae sEOODN ships, men-of-war, 40, 86 (2), 111, 


151, 158, 179, 254, 277, 285, 287, 296, 
410, 445, 563, 590. 


wares ... ships, merchantmen, 31, 161, 185, 
268. 


seoeeeeee Ships naturalized, 448, 638, 639, 
cesses eee Ships, pleasure, 289, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Dutch—cont. 

Satara , ships taken by, 18, 253, 459, 588. 

Remeron ships taken prize, 81, 118, 182, 251, 
337, 473. 

siete feels ships wrecked, 1838, 351. 


ATES writers, 65. 
Dutiel, Baptista, 456, 620, 634. 
, Rebecca, wife of, petition of, 


Duties, see Customs. 

Dyett, Capt., 656. 

Dyke, Wm., petition of, 642. 
Dymoke, Cressy, proposal by, 139. 
Dysart, Lady, see Tollemache, Eliz. 


E 


Eades, Simon, tender by, 636. 

Eady, Mr., 47. 

Eales, Mr., 409. j 

Earl Marshal, Commissioners for office of, 
reference to, and report of, 69. 

OTE sanere Warrant to, 294. 

Earnley, Sir Walter, 535. 


Earnly, shipmaster, 550. 


Earthquake, shocks of, 4, 80, 481. 

Easington, co. Durham, lease at, 193. 

East, Peter, 645. 

East, the, ships to or from, 169, 282, 357, 


548. 

East Indies, or India, north-west passage to, 
33. 

e » ships of or from, or East India- 


men, 77, 81, 91, 114, 150, 229, 234, 
241, 272, 275, 294, 306, 341, 345, 348, 
390, 395, 446, 450, 457, 492, 548, 610, 
614, 616. 


PRS , trade in, 501. 
AOE ., travellers to, 252, 522. 


East India Company, 18, 106, 131, 138, 288, 
457, 548. 

seveeeese MeMbers Of, 237. 

enanas officers or servants of, 229, 407. 

E ships of, 234, 266, 437. 

East India House, letter addressed to, 156. 

East India Company, Dutch, 250. 

alasane zeai Ships of, 110, 128, 125, 385, 


Eastland Company, Governors of, 35. 
RRRA merchants, 34. 


Easton Mauduit, co. Northampton, letter dated 
from, 232. 


AR Park, 233. 


Eastwood, Roger, 26, 57, 264, 276, 806, 343, 
485, 600. 


ESON » «seeeey letters of, 280, 832, $70, 588, 
593, 601, 609. 


PSOOUGOAN Hoe , father of, 57. 
seese Thos., letter of, 150. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Ebrall, Josias, 452. 

Eccleshall (sectary), 209, 438. 

Kckington, co. Derby, living or patronage of, 
400, 492, 520. 

Eddowes, John, letter of, 344. 

Edes, va Eedes, Henry, M.A., 411 (2), 614, 
652. 

Edgecombe, Fras., 154, 177. 

ETA aeai father or L54 

Edgehill [co. Warwick], battle of, 124. 

Edghill (blockmaker), 485, 504, 524, 589. 

Edinburgh, 324, 528. 

ase Gine . Castle, guns of, 546. 

somone , citizens of, 528, 546. 

SHOU , Holyrood House, see Holyrood House. 

A , letters dated from, 40, 469, 527, 528, 
533, 538, 546 (3), 570, 626. 

eurea .., Lord Commissioner at, 528 (2). 

steeseeeey Meeting of Parliament in, see Scot- 
land, Parliament of. 

semaine cae , provost and magistrates of, 528. 

ayondodae » shire of, or Lothian, regiment of, 
528 (2). 

Ednall, Cumberland, 152. 

Edward IV., statutes of, alluded to, 330. 

Edward VI., rolls of time of, alluded to, 133. 

Edwards, Benj., 196. 


ae ias , Lieut. Peter, letter of, 35. g 


emt aaeie , Roger, 372. 

Eedes, Dr., see Edes, Henry. 

Egerton, John, Earl of Bridgwater, 511, 565. 

Egerton, Sir Philip, 404. 

Ea O E E , warrant by, 404, 

Eglingham, Northumberland, resident at, 173. 

Egyptians (gypsies), 361. 

Eland, Baron Savile of, see Savile. 

Elaston, co. Stafford, resident at, 193. 

Elbling, Mr., pass for, 653. 

Eldridge, Dan., 251, 253 (2), 260. 

de cae’ s s^s.. affidavit by, 250. 

Elizabeth, Queen, grants by, alluded to, 131, 
211, 572. 

Elkin, Rich., muster master, 460. 

Ellesdon, Wm., 620. 

Receenens , e... Ant. and Charles, sons of, 620. 


Elliot, John, information by, 576. 

Sorry , Thos., Groom of the Bedchamber, 
petition of, 129. 

50090 ...., or Elyot, Thos., Master of the Har- 
riers, letter of, 107. 

diogi , or Ellyot, Thos., housekeeper at New- 
market, 18, 83, 336. 

MM ...., Mr., caveat for, 336. 

Ellis, Andrew, deputy-postmaster, 95, 160 (?), 
316, 466, 474, 482, 525, 564, 567, 608, 
618. 

thee , letters of, 161, 230, 246, 301, 
310, 314, 492, 517 (2), 522, 543. 

PASAT + ss...» letters to, 6, 494. 

Mae aree Signatures of, 142, 656. 

sovcveseey sevevey Statement by, 561. 


| 
| 
| 
| 
| 


695 


Ellis—cont. 

EA .., alias Sutler, Henry, 598. 
keset JOHN, M.A., 565. 

Pesosen , John, merchant, 583. 
Elsenham, Essex, resident at, 649. 
Elsinore, Denmark, consul at, 323. 
Elton, George, 356. 

Elwayes, Jeremy and Henry, 577. 
Ely, Bishop of, see Laney, Benj. 

Ely, Isle of, justices of, 456. 

uR , nonconformists in, 449. 
S s e.s...» places in, 243, 456, 468, 632. 
Ely (city), assizes at, 456. 

Elyot, or Ellyot, see Elliot. 

Emes, Rich., 337. 

S , petition of, 336. 


| Empire, the, see Germany, Empire of. 


Emson, false brief by, 44. 

Emsworth, Hants, timber at, 624. 
sseeveessy traveller to, 486. 

Enchuysen, Holland, man-of-war of, 481. 


J 
Endor, witch of, 659. 


Enfield Chase, Middlesex, East Bailey Walk 
in, 585. 

England, George, 75, 82. 

England, 58, 107, 139, 140, 186, 205, 234, 247, 
293, 297, 389, 506, 543. 


NT .. assizes in, see Assizes. 

Esk , coasts of, 122. 

Siswviese , counties of, 349; see also under the 
several counties. 

Sochoguad > «+e... deputy-lieutenants of, 655, 

aureus >... J.P.s Of, see Justices of Peace. 

AREA » «+... Lord Lieutenants of, letter to, 
655. 

S kees «seen, Sheriffs for, lists of, 50, 51, 565. 

seseseeeey description of, 403. 

se designs of France and Holland to- 


wards, see France and Holland in 
connection with England. 

aesa , garrisons in, see Garrisons. 

oaa , geography of, 403. 

ENIN , government of, treatise on, 141. 

aAa? , import of cattle to, 565. 

E , licence to stay in, 629. 

in , manufactures of, 140, 362, 422, 505, 
538. 

ear , nobility of, 141, 659. 

saaseciet ., poor of, 140 (2), 478. 

oono , ports of, customs in, surveyors of, 
598, 

E , postmasters in, see Postmasters. 

, prisoners in, see Prisoners. 

EES , public events in, diary of, 142. 

T , Roman Catholicism in, 619. 

EE , Ships to and from, passim. 

ES sees coeeeey foreign, made free of, see Ships. 

TAN , trade of, see Trade. 

, travellers from, or persons going be- 

yond seas, 88, 132, 229, 267, 302. 

eE , licences to, see Passes. 


see eeenes 


sonaeeeee 


seneenene > 


696 


England—cont. 

aes... travellers to, 54, 111, 144, 153, 171, 
186, 218, 235, 311, 351, 398, 431, 487, 
502, 504, 506, 569, 654 (2). 

BRACES , treaties of peace with, alluded to, 205, 
283. 

sees ..., union of Scotland with, 536, 538 (2), 
546 (2), 566, 592, 610. 

SS , «seeee, treaty for, alluded to, 566, 610. 

ae 3 e.s...) Commissioners for, 610. 


easi , Universities of, see Oxford and 
Cambridge. 

AN , North of, 273, 342, 468. 

Wess’ ow > s... coasts of, lighthouses on, 629. 

aae > seeeee, Mails from, 525. 

gaoei s... ee.: Mails in, robbery of, 244. 

eea ees aisa POLUS :0L 29l 

era Enon eera sen Ships to or from, 317, 377, 409, 


aengadees , Northern circuit of, judge of, 359. 

sone soar , «+s+-., assizes for, clerk of, 656. 

30000 «ee, South of, 273, 308, 342. 

eaea aas eee SHIPS 10, OLI 92: 

a eis , East of, 4, 6, 485. 

PT , West of, ports of, 291. 

lasa? RS , posts in or from, 198, 579. 

English, the, abuse or ill-treatment of, 245, 
246, 283, 384. 

oasa E ambassadors, see Ambassadors. 

OLA cloth, 422. 

REST consuls, see Consuls. 

Ree nestate garrisons, see Garrisons. 

er Ra goods, passim. 

nas history, works on, 141. 


sesk language, translationsinto, 65, 471 (2), 
654. 


sSetieareise was ..., foreigner learning, 311. 

SEa pode manufactures, see England, manu- 
factures of. 

dees merchants, see Merchants. 

Snaga ships, see Ships. 

OOT . trade, see Trade. 

Englishmen, liberty of, 541. 

Ennis, Capt., 228. 

Epsom, Surrey, waters at, 389, 437. 

Erith, Kent, 49. 

Erroll, Earl of, see Hay. 

Erskine, Charles, Earl of Mar, 546. 

Erwin, Capt. George, letter of, 150. 

Fscrick, Lord Howard of, see Howard. 

Essex, Earl of, see Capel, Arthur. 

Essex, 30, 640. _ 

atest. , baronets of, 649. 

gooues «„. Coasts of, 6. 

PORTET , deputy-lieutenant of, 413. 

soresveeey CStates In, 282, 317, 349. 

cosseveeey places in, 44, 70, 553, 606. 

ASAA , residents in, 413, 652. 

ti .. Sheriff of, 94. 

Estcourt, Thos., 599. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Estrange, Roger Le, 157. 
Etna, or Zibell, Mount, eruption of, 298, 351. 


Eton College, Provost of, see Allestry, Dr. 
Rich. 

eae ae A NA , Provost and fellows of, letters 
to, 327, 520. 

ETTO , fellowship at, 327, 520. 

Ettrick, Walter, 193. 

Mamos > Mr. L56. 

Europe, 55, 65, 378. 

R , Northern Courts of, ambassadors to, 
see Ambassadors. 

Euston, Suffolk, church of, 108, 277. 

S , parish of, 107, 108. 

aeie ow , traveller to, 412. 

Evans, Herbert, 452. 

, M., secretary of Levant Company, 

letter of, 617. 

Evelyn, J., Commissioner for wounded soldiers 
and mariners, letters, &c., of, 59, 65, 162. 

Evens, Stephen, 642. 


Sous iaae s <... petition of, 642. 

Everard, Capt. Rob., of Dover, 47, 428. 
Miers , Rob., prisoner, 88, 100, 176, 323. 
Siek > «++... Mary, wife of, petition of, 176. 
acter , William, 497. 


Evers, Capt., 375. 

Every, Sir Simon, 36. - 

Ewers, or Hewer, Wm., 56, 276, 316, 326. 
oenas saans cap letter to, 226. 

Exchange, bills of, alluded to, 28, 501. 
Exchequer, the, 59, 151, 336, 411, 620, 632, 645. 
EENE , accounts to be brought into, 250, 459. 
EE , assignment on, alluded to, 123. 

seen casey auditors of, 1381, 379, 483, 518, 519. 
avast seers scuse LOL Imprests, 180, 518, 615. 
OS » Baron of, 189, 190. 

Sega's books, 78. 

aeS , Commissioners of, 191. 


sieges ds , Court of, cases in, 112, 488, 529, 549, 
569, 572. 


seseseeeey First Fruits Office in, see First Fruits. 
socedoonr , King’s Remembrancer of, 400. 


reeeo 1s, Lord Chief Baron of, see Hale, Sir 
Mat. 


be te , officers of, 73, 84, 133, 196, 411, 413, 
608. 

seeuiee -9 -e.e letters, &c., tO, 328, 836, 607. 

spoon Bacon , memorandum by, 138. 

RE , payments from, 20, 105, 181, 226, 386. 

RABIAN » s»... alluded to, 192, 231, 239, 320, 
358, 407, 433, 503, 510, 551, 652. 

eens ec , payments into, alluded to, 239, 246, 
316, 321. 


ENA » Pells Office in, clerk of, see Wardour, 
Wm. 


AE , pensions from, alluded to, 129, 838. 
APTA , Pipe Office in, clerk of, 413. 

SNE , records in, alluded to, 225. 

Spc 0000p , tallies in, 43, 441. 

E , Treasury of, see Treasury. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Excise, 53, 239, 320. 


seee allowances from, or assignments on, 
183, 645 (2), 649. 
seoseeeeey appeals for regulation of, Commis- 


sioners for, 183, 553, 598. 

seeeeeesey Commissioners and Governors of, 
119, 183, 217 (3). 

E eea CETEK AC tO, 499: 

Ooo asssoeceaves Letter t0, 049; 

seeeeeeeey farm or farmers of, 134, 649 (2). 

E ak . Office, the late, 66, 73. 

eee , Officers of, 217, 226, 231, 232, 439. 

EIDA E , payment of pensions to, 441. 

kwesesieue , payments from, 217 (8), 231, 439. 

Exeter, Earl of, see Cecil, John. 

etase , Bishop of, see Sparrow, Anthony. 

ORRY , Bishop of, late, see Ward, Dr. Seth. 

SAA Cathedral, precentor or precentorship 
of, 54, 76, 80, 190. 

Erori » Dean and Chapter of, letters to, 76, 
80, 403. 

E , diocese of, 421. 


Deas , prebends or canonries of, 23, 54, 76, 
80, 190, 403. 


Exeter (city), 350, 394, 489. 

ETS -, collector of customs at, 651. 

a casas , Council Chamber of, 350. 

onet ZA , letter dated from, 489. 

poos , Mayor of, letter to, 350. 

esere residents in, 590, 631. 

Sasori ec , travellers to or from, 22, 31, 357, 405. 
Eye, Suffolk, Baron of, see Cornwallis, Lord. 
sonpoondo , manor of, 579. 

Eyons, Chr., 342. 

Eyre, John, 535. 

Eyre, Lord Chief Justice in, south of Trent, 


653 (2). 
Eyres, Wm., 633. 
Bagonday conan , Eliz., daughter of, petition of, 
633. 


Eyton, Sir John, Usher of the Black Rod, 
536, 537 (2). 


Fr 


Faber, Albertus Otto, 315, 374, 437. 
Taasis » eee asea petition of, 437. 
Fairborne, Major, 29. 
Fair Oak, co. Hants, deer at, 335. 
Fairs and markets, 108, 576. 
` Fakenham Parva, Suffolk, parish of, residents 
in, 107. 
O OE eee Lectory of, 107, 108, 277. 
Falkland, Viscount, see Carey. 
Falmouth, Eari of, see Berkeley, Charles. 
Falmouth, co. Cornwall, 148, 522, 542, 588. 
css... Customs’ officers at, 493. 


697 


Falmouth, co. Cornwall—cont. 

seoveseeey letters dated from (1668), 5, 8 (2), 
19, 25, 27, 34, 51, 57, 59 (2), 78, 75 
(2), 81, 88, 93, 95 (2), 101, 104, 111, 
115 (2). 

See sesty ereace (1669), 145, 148 (2), 155, 162, 
178, 181, 196, 198 (2), 205, 219, 221 
(2), 230, 234, 243, 246, 254, 269, 277, 
288, 299, 324, 331, 334 (2), 341, 358, 
369, 378, 390, 396, 399, 409, 415, 419, 
430, 437, 440, 446, 451, 453 (2), 457, 
459, 465, 468, 482 (2), 485, 489, 493, 
497, 500, 520, 525, 536, 542, 543, 550, 
552 (2), 563, 565, 579, 581 (2), 587, 
605, 610, 614, 617. 

o enS z esere alluded to, 393. 

EY , port of, waiter’s place in, 59. 

ENNIE , post office at, complaint of, 196. 

nae , ships at, 148, 254. 

A , Ships of, 59, 95, 145, 358, 409, 415. 

ET , Ships to or from, 5, 8 (2), 25, 34, 51, 
57, 59 (2), 75, 81, 88, 93, 95, 115, 145, 
155, 162, 169, 178, 196, 198, 205, 230, 
234, 243, 254, 277, 299, 324, 331, 334 
(2), 358, 369, 378, 390, 396, 399, 409, 
415, 430, 437, 440, 446, 451, 453, 457, 
459, 465, 468, 482, 485, 489, 493, 497, 
500, 520, 525, 536, 543, 550, 563, 567, 
579, 581, 587, 589, 610, 614, 617. 

Fanatics, see Nonconformists. 

Fane, Charles, Earl of Westmoreland, 353. 

Fanshaw, Thomas, Viscount Fanshaw, 653. 

E a sseeees letters of, 625, 628. 

wee oe z seest totter to, 400. 

eeh 5 hens DEOther Ob O53. 

Fanshaw, Chas., 245, 818, 344, 349. 

Peer? , sir Richard, late ambassador to 
Spain, 69, 310 (2), 562. 

E > e... Anne, widow of, 310 (2), 562. 

sealare sees o a yp LeLLel Ole OS, 

ra aeee a petitions of 09, 89: 

eas s «s... Children of, 69. 

EA , Sir Simon, 222. 

RAA , Sir Thomas, 367. 


Fareham, Hants, timber from, 28, 46, 416. 
oaaae , travellers from, 494. 


Farnham, Surrey, 244, 471. 

AAS Castle, 482. 

DEE ENESR , letter dated from, 467. 

Farnley Wood, co. York, insurrection in, 273. 

Faroe Islands [North Sea], ship from, 122. 

Farrar, Mr., 530. 

Farrenden, Rob., 203. 

Farringdon, Hants, manor and hundred of, 
592. 

E RER , Great and Little, 592. 

Farringdon, co. Devon (?), resident at, 595. 

Farrington, Thos, 291. 

Farthing, Bartholomew, petition of, 642. 

Farthings, coinage of, 137, 575, 585. 

Fasby, Capt. Wm., 413. 

Eo s sessy letters of, 867, 427, 520, 574. 


698 


Fauconberg, Lord, see Belasyse. 

Faulconer, estate of, 336. 

Faulkner, Rich., 475, 486. 

aeae sey cenis) Information by, 476. 

Faversham, Kent, letter dated from, 21. 

eccceesee, timber at, 499. 

Fay, see Foy. 

Feake, Sam., information by, 655. 

Fearns, Mr., 401. 

Feast, Wm., 149. 

Fee-farm rents, 179, 551 (2), 654. 

e >... trustees of, warrant to, 445. 

Felix, Father, 104. 

Fell, Dr. Jobn, Vice-Chancellor of Oxford 
University and Dean of Christchurch, 
46, 138, 311, 315. 


A > eseeeey letters of, 258, 275. 
a a saae lettro, S lA, 
arenis » «+... Signature of, 268. 


Fellowes, Mr., timber merchant, 451, 499, 504. 
Feltham, Clement, 466. 
Feneis, Walter, memorandum by, 34. 


- Fenn, John, cashier to the Earl of Anglesey, 
81, 159, 211, 384, 427, 448, 454, 659. 


te aee ES , es... deposition of, 454. 

eana se , +... letters of, 200, 239, 389, 400. 

resse JOHN, Remembrancer of First Fruits, 
509. 

Fergison, Wm., 514. 

eias >... petitions of, 484, 510, 511. 

onanocos sentere TAMEL OL 484: 


Ferguson, Mrs., letter to, 235. 

Ferne Island, lighthouse on, 461. 

Fernely, Wm., 149 (2), 150 (2), 185. 

as > seeeeey petition of, 149. 

et nese Be ih , wife of, 150. 

Ferrer, Rob., 461. 

Fevre, Le, Nicasius, (late) King’s apothecary, 
244, 245, 267, 533. 

Fez, Africa, Lord Howard travelling to, 523. 

Field, Jo., letter of, 189. 

Fielding, Basil, Earl of Denbigh, 486. 

Fielding, Basil, 152, 163. 

ann , Chris., 462 (2). 

Fien, John, 120, 145. 

Fifield, John, 269. 

Fifth Monarchy men, 342, 463. 

Fillingham, Mr., 156. 

Fillmore, Sir Edw., 497, 536. 

Finch, Heneage, Earl of Winchilsea, Lord 
Lieutenant of Kent, 101, 186, 398, 476, 
553. 

jusleceeien> aaaea LOLLOS OT OOCmoou DOO: 

acqbopAct > «eeseey, Letter to, 556. 

SRANI pe.. [Elizabeth], wife of, 186, 479, 


wena e na BON OLASI. 


canes .. John, Baron Finch, Keeper of the 
Great Seal to Charles I., 496. 


seosevdery seveso; Mabel, widow of, 496. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Finch, Fras., 73, 217. 

erres Dir Heneage, Solicitor-General, 272, 
349, 464. 

ERES > eeeeeey letters to, 336, 654. 

zies reses eoeeesy TEferences to, and reports of, 
194, 330, 356, 368, 393. 

oana , Sir John, Resident in Tuscany, 107, 
117, 157, 172, 186, 508. 

eiea > «s... poems in handwriting of, 659. 

aerate EEREN , sister of, see Conway, Anne, 
Lady. 

Fingall, Lord, see Plunkett. 

Finisterre, Cape, ships off, 22. 

Finlawson, Lieut. George, 213. 

nea soy seveeey petition of, 213. 

astute s vseees family of, 2138. 

Fiott, Dr., 438. 

First Fruits and Tenths, office of, 190. 

Sieen , Receivers of, 39, 269, 327, 614, 631. 

E , Remembrancer of, 509. 

Fis, T., letter of, 563. 

Fish, 89, 161, 184, 409, 418, 600; see also 
Herrings. 

EEOAE , import of, 648. 

sseoeeesey Ships laden with, 17 (2), 57, 72, 88, 
95, 110, 209, 459, 465, 485, 493, 543, 
552, 580, 614. 

Fisher, Sir Clement, 145, 486. 

Fisheries and fishing, 17, 51, 62, 194, 221, 
497, 508, 511, 525; see also Newfound- 
land fisheries. 


Bonaches , Commissioners for, 137. 
Fisherton Anger, co. Wilts, gaol at, keeper 
of, 456. 


Fishing Company, Royal, 137. 

Fist, Ant., letters of, 160, 260. 

Fitch, Col., 622. Í 

Fithy, Mr., plank of, 6. 

Fitton, Mr., 104. 

Fitz, Thos., 352, 368. 

Fitzharding, Viscount, see Berkeley. 
Fitzharris Farm, Berks, 330. 

Fitzherbert, Jo., letters of, 14, 228, 373, 535, 


565. 
Sus aeanee Fema SOM OL, 089: 
Fitzpatrick, Col. John, 222. 
a y eevee, Eliz. Butler, wife of, 347. 


Five Miles Act, alluded to, 100. 

Flamarens, M., letter of, 506. 

Flamborough Head, lighthouse for, 461. 

ino sss) Ship wrecked near, 430. 

Flanders, 152, 201, 577, 611. 

soesereeey ENVOY to, 153. 

teresse French designs against, see France in 
connection with Holland and Flanders. 

avian +) French in, to, or from, 155, 169, 445, 
552. 

SAUTA , General of, 169. 

seceveeeey GOVErnoOr of, 88, 131. 

eseese horses, 867, 571. 

sesrseveey imports from, 138, 273. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Flanders—cont. 

evans , mails or letters from, 494, 536. 

eats sss) passes to, see Passes. 

ers ...., Ships of, see Flemish ships. 

seeder , travellers to and from, 181, 279, 
654 (2). 

Fleet, the (English), 6, 536; see also Ships 
and Navy. 

esasi , captains of, submission of, to the King, 
alluded to, 646. 

RAT , Judge Advocate for, 370. 

aisa ana , Surgeon - General of, see Pearse, 
James, 

Fleetwood, Sir Rich. Bart., 193. 

iea a E , Sir Thos., eldest son of, 194. 

N seess eeeeeey Rich., second son of, 194. 

ASEO » eveveey father of, 193. 

Fleming, Dr. Daniel, letter of, 320. 

gaai , Capt. Michael, 349. 


Fleming, a, in England, 365. 

Flemish boat, 576. 

seveseeee fireships, 271, 414. 

money, 207. 

names, 410. 

erais de rope, 319 (2). 

ire . ships, or Flemings, 125, 410, 558. 

Fletcher, Sir George, 119, 565. 

a An , John, 399. 

aR , Thos., certificate by, 513. 

ET E AEE OEA 

Flintshire, lands in, 270. 

Florence, Grand Duke of, see Tuscany, Grand 
Duke of. 

AT , court aff 508. 

EAEE , Court of Chancery at, 507. 

PEAR , English resident at, 508. 

Yodi e... essences, 559. 

Atao , travellers to, 351, 508, 605. 

PSSA aa . wine from, 657. 


sssssesso 


Florentine merchants, factor for, 128. 

Flower, Peter, 396. 

Flushing, pilot from, 80. 

Foley, Rob., 32 (2), 510, 589, 598, 606, 650. 

Foa peenaa letters of, 32, 105, 161. 

Folkestone, Kent, forts, &c., near, 347. 

Folyard, Ralph, 227. 

Fonseca, Signor Manuel de, 252. 

E: > «reese, petition of, 128. 

Fookes, Mr., 274. 

Foorthe, Rob., certificate by, 223. 

Foote, Rob., merchant, 508. 

Forbes, James, 5, 55. 

Ford, Sir Edw., 137. 

ee... Hen., Lord Robartes’ secretary, 466, 
490, 544. 

asepsa tades Letters Of, 489, 559. 

eseese DIr Rich., 642. 

seetseveey coccsng LOLOTI OR ISOL 20. 


699 


Foreign affairs, Committee for, 54, 62, 192 
(2), 201, 217 (2), 252, 265, 304, 336 
(3), 496. 

SasdesGon wE; RONA , order to, 155. 

BIOS CO RONG sey ++... proceedings in, 560. 

isooG0dOG DOGOS s seee., request to, 340. 

cities, 315. 

country, persons in, 650. 

goods, 179, 180. 

languages, alphabets in, 659. 

letters, 578. 

ministers, see Ambassadors. 

office, 198, 483. 

parts, Navy supplies for, 58. 

s... plantations, see Plantations. 

princes, 653. 


ships, see Ships; also French and 
Dutch ships. 


Foreigners, see Aliens. 
Foreland, North, Kent, wreck at, 203, 215. 
Foresey, John, 223. 


Forfeiture, or pains and penalties, Act of, 
alluded to, 553, 558. 


Forfeitures, grants from, 272. 

nea EIN , King’s moiety of, 272. 

Forsfull, Wm., 344. 

Forshere, Capt. John, 274. 

Forster, Rich., 51. 

aonone, » letters of, 4, 8, 212, 221, 223, 
228, 229, 232, 239, 242. 

ae » esey AEA of, 265. 5 

Ba ator » Mary, widow of, letter of, 265. 


Gcarmouo" , or Foster, Sir Reginald or Reynold, 
29, 45. 


Forte, Le (Frenchman), and his wife, 555. 
Forterne, Capt. Peter, 129 (2). 

Forth, Alderman John, 487. 

Fortiscue, Capt. John, letter of, 246. 

Fort St. Andrew, Candia, 23. 

Foster, John, certificate by, 581. 


ween eee 


seen eeeee 


tee oeeeee 


eee eeeeee 


ees CE re , Sir Original, see Forster, Sir Reginald. 
Foulis, Capt. Thos., 144. 
IROS > ees seas letter of, 144. 


Fountaine, Mr., 413. 

Fownes, Wm., 305. 

EA > ES account by, 470. 

ren , letters of, 469, 491, 504, 620, 


Fox, George, 140. 
KeBabO » book by 140. 


goen , Rich., former Bishop of Winchester, 
642, 


Toa , Stephen, tender by 636. 


as , Sir Stephen, Army paymaster, 14, 
62 (?), 138, 146, 317, 336, 349, 501, 


620. 
akak > see, abstract of payments by, 139. 
caesar p ssec CASG Of, 261. 
Ni ses vareae Letters to, 102, 119. 


sey aeoeeey Orders or warrants to, 82, 154, 
333 (2), 811 (2), 422. 


700 


Fox, Sir Stephen—cont. 
trate seesy eert) LECCIPUDY SL. 
Baste oie OROG , report of, 57. 
eseese Mr, Lord Howard’s agent, 490. 
Foy, or Fay, M. Stephen, servant to French 
ambassador, 170, 186. 
Sonde0000 ) sees) account by, 218. 
Foy, Cornwall, ship of, 530. 
Frampton, Wm., 598. 
France, King of (Louis XIV.), 14, 74, 80, 152, 
155, 169, 196, 233, 245, 283, 407, 412, 
415, 473, 503, 542, 548, 552, 556, 560, 
585, 600, 605, 610, 616. 
seer agreement or league with, 
alluded to, 885, 398, 618. 
..., as claimant to crown of Spain, 


oeeerenee 


doot , court of, 54, 219, 474. 

» flag of, 117. 

aaie , fleet of, see French fleet. 

Sa0800 , letters for, alluded to, 119. 

Race , library and cabinet of, 631. 
gadd , mousquetaires of, 469. 

ess , person put to death by, 505. 
EAS , preparations for war by, 70, 
155, 188, 277, 587. 

.., seamen for service of, 585, 596, 


sessososop sore 


OTa 600400 , seizure of ecclesiastical rents 
by, 146. 

SOO wots , ships building for, 33, 80, 147, 
219, 356. 

EER e...” Violin players of, 25. 

PET , e... Queen of, Maria Theresa, 509. 


Haad , Princes of the blood, 301. 
France, 8, 47, 65, 134, 138, 357, 404, 498, 556, 
633. 
..., ambassador to, 283; see also Mon- 
tague, Ralph. 
Oesa nEs , ambassadors or envoys of, 8, 283, 
509; see also Colbert, Monsieur. 
eneses , ambassadress of, 11. 
sevesevaey COAls for, see Coals. 
e.e...) Coasts Of, 118, 413. 
c...e.. COUDtErfeit coin in, 477, 480. 
a...” deaths in, 497; and see Henrietta 
Maria, death of. 
Worse , Dutch subjects in, 604. 
ET , forces in, reduction of, 124. 
eee , harbours of, 283. 
escoceses horses, &C., for, 37, 173; 189, 191, 199, 
208, 225 (2), 227, 267, 308, 386, 390 
(2), 411, 432, 452, 459, 486, 501, 526. 
AEO in connection with England, 8, 80, 209, 
548, 585. 
EEDA in connection with Holland, Flanders, 
or the Netherlands, 23, 80, 88, 99, 101, 
188, 223, 396, 469, 475, 489, 505, 520, 
548, 550, 560, 577, 588, 605, 613, 616, 
618, 625, 631. 
OE in connection with Spain, 565. 
EE in connection with other countries, 
116, 117, 205, 560. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


France—cont. 

.-, mails or letters for or from, 15, 472, 
483, 488, 494, 520, 536, 544, 556. 

slau , nobility of, see French nobles. 

aaae , packet-boat to or from, 230, 467. 

E E , persons in, 103, 278, 509. 

eats ....„ places in, 440, 605. 

S , posts in, 246. 


snas , preparations for war in, 169, 262, 
266, 275, 293, 324, 328, 394, 407, 473, 
560, 613; and see King of, prepara- 
tions by. 

sessen ErOtestantoiin, 234, D09. 

E E , Salic law in, 375. 

eesse... Ships building in, 167, 169, 174, 394, 
407, 58l; see also King of, ships 
building for, and Brest, ships building 
at. 

PA , ships to or from, 25, 27, 34, 51, 57, 
75, 80, 88, 93, 102, 107, 117, 122, 158, 
169, 193, 212, 233, 236, 243, 266, 296, 
334, 865, 447, 482, 485, 516, 525, 550, 
563, 567, 579, 587, 590, 591, 614, 616 
(2), 625 (2). 

TOO , towns of, 246. 

BODE «», travellers to or from, 4, 74, 133, 135, 
168, 290, 365 (2), 445, 463, 514, 525, 
561, 642. 

OAI » war with, alluded to, 156, 162, 174, 
646. 


Francis, Benj., letters of, 110, 156. 

aiewesese > seeeeey letter to; 405. 

Waseca s Sucess DrOther Of; 405: 

Rob., clerk to Williamson, 10, 14, 
474, 482, 483, 487, 522, 618. 

Res Team on Clerk obdo 


ie , «+... letters of, 297, 501, 466, 471 (2), 
474 (2), 475 (2), 482, 483, 488, 489, 
492, 494, 496, 544. 

EAN p seas. letters to, 8, 10, 25, 45, 47, 51, 
62, 75, 80, 102, 110 (2), 156, 166, 170 
(2), 174, 183, 184, 186, 189, 195, 196, 
201 (2), 203, 209, 213, 215, 219, 230, 
232, 234, 236, 238 (2), 242, 254, 256, 
262, 269, 272, 276 (2), 278, 285 (2), 
300 (2), 301, 314, 342, 351, 366 (2), 
369, 394, 401, 415, 417, 419, 428, 432, 
438, 442, 449-452, 457, 459, 466, 467, 
469-473, 475, 483 (5), 486, 488, 490 
(2), 494, 496 (3), 497, 501, 511, 517, 
522, 528, 548, 585 (2), 591, 614. 

a » marriage of, alluded to, 269, 
272, 300, 451. 

OE, z sereeey NOLES by, 471, 472, 482, 492. 


Sare Soo » «+++, TElatives of, 62, 201, 209, 300, 
449, 475. 


E , brother-in-law and sister of, see 
Aldach 


ee .., wife of, 585. 
Fronkling, Capt., 628. 


Franklyn, Sam., procurator [of the Court of 
Arches], 198, 202. 


Frauds, Act of, alluded to, 28, 583. 


eee erereey 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Fray, Edw., 1, 19. 

Frazer, Sir Alex., 508. 

peices 5 sseveny letter of, 566. 

sranie ne > essees letter to, 238. 

Frederick, Sir John, certificates, &c., by, 195, 
311, 595. 

Free, Sam., petition of, 358. 

Freeman, Rice, letters of, 231, 343, 363, 381. 

aean , Rich., petitions of, 564, 597. 

French, Abr., certificate by, 61. 

ARAT » Hliz., 62. 

TA AR , Nich., 389. 

EEEN s sseeee) Petition Of, 346. 


French, the, 25, 116, 146, 176, 188, 318, 345, 
569, 640. 

Seeisisiaisls canvas, 46, 518. 

TENDENS captain, 297. 

TRN church in London, see London. 

dae pes coasts, see France, coast of. 

ao , complaints against, 283. 

AT consuls, 349. 

abao .... court, see France, King of. 

ee fleet, 7, 196, 331, 362, 378, 555. 


s... Gazette, or Gazette de Londres, 143, 
660. 


AEII , asked for, 201, 475. 

e eree LNSertion In. Ho. 

E . in Candia, see Candia. 

MeS in Flanders, see Flanders. 

s... in St, Christopher’s, see St. Christo- 
pher’s. 

e. King, see France, King of. 

T0 00000 language, letters or papers written in, 
5, 46, 55, 75, 80, 124, 132, 133, 141 (2), 
156, 169, 191, 201, 209, 218, 277, 324, 
467 (2), 471, 488, 509, 536, 557, 567, 
570, 579, 631 (2), 654-656. 

BADD Oon , student of, 445. 

sereevee Mails, see France, mails, &c., for. 

ee .. men, 3, 114, 145, 230. 

s.. oes In or to England, 122, 246, 398, 

413, 503, 555, 587. 


esses» Merchants, 537. 

EIO .... Navy, stores for, 91. 

a .... nobles, 3, 191, 446. 

messe. Officers killed, list of, 469. 

peers ... pastor, 261. 

Toob ports, 169. 

Spnaontos , preparations by, see France, pre- 
parations in. 

Jora prisoners in England, i55, 156 (2), 
162. 


eA PEV AL CON Lae 
c... Royal Company, 119. 


Dea ali see Dalt: 


ships, or Frenchmen, 27, 54, 101 (2), 
102, 117-119, 122, 146, 169, 184, 252, 
275, 233, 307, 331, 352, 355, 381, 391, 


seereeees 


701 


French—cont. 
408, 409, 428, 437, 438, 458, 501, 503, 
511, 516, 543, 548, 550, 556, 567, 575, 
583, 588, 593, 625. 

EE A NS smen of war, 7, 124, 277, 287, 

292, 385, 398, 444, 473, 596, 613, Cid. 

aenebac da ceck ee » merchant, 15. 

e NE , naturalized in England, 638, 639, 

E OEA , skirmish with, 95. 

a E T , taking of, 266. 

EE soldiers and seamen, 266, 563. 

opcao steward, 619. 

909000000 subjects in Holland, 604. 

o treaties, 186, 471. 


Aea treaty of commerce, committee for, 
341. 


ees .... troops, 221. 
Heese ca TUTON 129s 
seess Wines, See Wines. 
ciin writers, 65. 


Frescheville, John, Baron Frescheville, 241, 
371, 400. 


Feroa > seeeeey letters of, 67, 452, 466, 492, 
501, 520, 533, 557, 564. 


A «+... petition of, 642. 

Friezland, East, Netherlands, ship of, 558. 
natae , West, prisoner in, 484. 

Frith, Mrs., 275. 

Frowde, Sir Philip, letter of, 189. 

Epa Eo see SOD) OF 1S9. 

Fryer [of Chatham ?], 182. 

Fugell Sands, ship lost on, 548. 

Fulham, Middlesex, 138, 561. 


Fuller, Dr. William, Bishop of Lincoln, and 
late Bishop of Limerick, 275. 


EE s eresse letters of, 286, 262, 307. 
Furzer, Dan., 78, 179, 302, 491. 
AT a letters Ol, 2880 425) o 0AA 


147, 173, 615. 


G 


Gage, Mrs., 88. 

Gainsford, Major John, 334. 

Gale, Rob., 652. 

Mie case's , Wm., deposition of, 206. 
Galicia, Spain, ships to, 153, 187. 
Galilye, Mr., 607. 

Sonnac » sseseey Widow Of, 607. 
Gallions, the, fort at, 574. 

EA , soundings at, 309, 332. 
Galliper, or Galloper, Sands, 279, 354. 


Gallipoli (Italy ?), fleet or ships from, 183, 
264, 288, 388, 466, 523, 559, 587. 


seocsveee (Turkey ?), 444. 


702 


Gallois, Peter, 520. 

Gallwey, Wm., letter of, 656. 

Galway, Ireland, ship of, 4. 

Game, King’s, see Charles II., game of. 

Garaway, Mr., 541. 

Gardiner, James, M.A., 121. 

A E , Roger, 202. 

Thos., letter of, 5. 

Sir Wm., K.B., 653. 

AB g000000 mastmaker at Chatham, 295. 

Gardner, Sam., M.A., 268, 277. 

K EORR . petition of, 268. 

Garfield, Wm., 465. 

“ Garland’s,’”’ Squire Hepton at, 563. 

Garrard, Wm., Mayor of Harwich, certificate 
by, 13. 

Garratt, John, boatswain, letters of, 316, 426, 
539. 

caeneeane » seveeey family of, 316. 


Garrett, Gilbert, 308. 

2.00000 ..., Joseph, demands of, 656. 

DEBIDA Mr. (Lord Conway’s steward ?), 445, 
453, 513, 567. 

Garrill, —, petition of, reference on, 411. 

Garside (sectary), 354, 394. 

Garter, the, Chancellor of, see Vic, Sir Henry 
de. 

Deer ... sent to the King of Sweden, 78, 84. 

Aog0d000 and George (of King Charles I.), 
424, 

ens ... King-at-arms, see Walker, Sir Edw. 

oBa888000 Gono , the late, see Segar, Sir Wm. 


eererereey 


sesesosssy 


Gascoigne, or Gascon, Sir Bernard de, 250, 
258, 287. 

eana Sees ARIS , letters of, 183, 296. 

sean eee , Mr., agent at Tangiers, 547. 

a Ee s ., Sir G. Lane’s servant, 366. 

Gata, Cape de, Spain, 619, 627. 

Gatehouse, Westminster, condition of, 382. 

ET , keeper of, 642. 

E ASSON > sses., Warrant to, 323. 

yoo seeten , letters, &c., dated from, 97 (8), 382 
(2). 

seeseeeey prisoners Committed to, 92, 97, 176, 
203, 323, 878, 517. 

Gates, Dan., letter of, 576. 

Gateshead, co. Durham, constables of, 228. 


oponondab , conventicles at, 228, 268. 

Meenas , house in, 269. 

Gauden, Benj., 377. 

ECE z esences Contract of, 208. 

Deas , Sir Denis, Victualler of the Navy, 2, 


28, 33, 35, 56, 72, 81, 92 (2), 95, 162, 
185, 200, 214, 220 (2), 223, 329, 457, 
604, 606, 642. 


S s «seer ACCOUNTS Of, 237, S04. 

ea aeae AANER sse alluded to, 81, 92, 242, 
439, 516. 

Caah ) sseeeey Certificate of, alluded to, 248. 

E AA , contract with, 208, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Gauden, Sir Denis—cont. 

A O , letters of, 26, 38, 41, 42, 58, 63, 
67, 87, 92, 1127121 (2), 237, 239, 250, 
329, 380, 392, 428, 431, 518, 534, 544, 
554, 555, 565, 578, 591, 595 (2), 611. 

., letters to, 392, 555. 

geese , payments to, warrants for, 43, 

"931 (2), 321. 

Gauntlet, John, 256. 

Gawdy, Sir Wm., Bart., 535, 543. 

Gayton, co. Lincoln, lands in, 337. 

Gaywood, Thos., 441. 

Gazette, the, 143, 265, 279, 321, 331, 435, 452, 

474, 488 (2), 489, 494, 496, 511, 522, 

544, 577, 614 (2), 660. 

Seon , advertisements, &c., sent or to be 

sent to, 1, 4, 14, 242, 312, 409, 444, 

449 (2), 486, 558, 656. 

EAS , sending out or receipt of, 14, 
aa 62, 80, 107, 145, 183, 195, 209, "483, 
505, 517, 536. 

enaa de Londres, see French Gazette. 

Gedney, co. Lincoln, conventicle at, 449. 

T , inhabitants of, 645. 

EUNE Marsh, co. Lincoln, 579, 645. 

Gee, Orlando, 411. 

Gell, John, 159. 

ea Mis , sir John, Bart., 652. 

Genoa, Italy, Admiral of, 444. 

aes +, goods from, 101, 559. 

aiNeneroRe , letter dated from, 351. 

seseseeeey Mould at, 484. 

e... Republic or State of, 90, 117. 

RASCROOOR , Resident of, 480. 

Decadent » road of, 117. 

oo , ship of, 90. 

AAE , ships to or from, 31, 106, 117, 179, 
221, 317, 456, 484, 543. 

Gent, Lady, 261. 

Gentlemen Pensioners, or Pensioners in Ordi- 
nary, 37. 

arenes , Captain of, see Belasyse, Lord. 

Gerald, R., letter of, 134. 

Gerard, Charles, Lord Gerard of Brandon, 
103, 221, 261, 298, 641. 

AOE P , petitions of, 146, 270. 

a A , Jane, Lady Gerard of Gerard’s Brom- 
ley, 390, 408. 

RAA > sseeeey Servants Of, 390. 

Gerbier, Sir Balthazar, 231. 

German confessor, 205. 

AS ... language, 444, 445 (?). 

so ea Sekt , Service in, 369. 

Germans, 508. 

Germany (Leopold I.), Emperor of, or his 
Imperial Majesty, ambassador to, 195. 


seennee 


see ceneee 


re , council of, 631. 

ena aes , counterfeit coin in, 477, 480. 

E , empire of, Elector of, 218; see also 
Palatine Elector. 

ae Rane , imports from, 138, 358, 584. 


eki e , place in, 619, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Germany—cont. 

seeeaeeey Princes of, 186, 618. 

tresses Stags from, 419. 

wees +++) travellers to or from, 225, 352. 
Ghent, Rich., 594. 

Ghent, traveller to, 528. 

Ghibbes, James, letter of, 314. 

Gibbs, Capt. John, timber merchant, 455. 


AEREN a Sooner , tender by, 635. 
Giblatore, West Indies, town and castle of, 
481. 


Gibraltar, English ships at, 33. 

Gibs, John, 459. 

Gibson, Wm., 63. 

Giear, Capt. James, petitions of, 123, 124. 
Gifford, Col. Chas., 418, 461, 562. 


e ees aden , petition of, 341. 

Resasews’ Sena Wire Of, 418, 

Gilbert, James, 499. 

DRESI +5 RODS, i, 19%. 

Gilby, Col. Ant., deputy-governor of Hull, 
128, 205. 

Eh sy, sses) letter Of, 179; 

REA > «eeeeey Kinsman of, 179. 

Gillingham, Geo., D.D., 98, 98, 112, 118, 178, 
618. 

eaae rense PECON Of199; 

OA ves5 Ras Letter of, 51. 

Gillingham, Kent, 2, 49, 594. 

arses Forest, 215. | 

sesesesee Reach, ship at, 21. 

Ronee see) resident at, 251. 

S , Vicar of, 251. 

Gilpin (sectary), 73, 77, 269, 342. 

aaea , Of Sittingbourne, 135. 


Glamorgan, Earl of, see Somerset. 
Glamorganshire, 36. 

oA , resident in, 329. 

art SCC) , Sheriff of, 35. 

Glanville, Benj., 207 (2). 

Glascock, Sir Wm., 538. 

Glasgow, Archbishop of, see Burnett. 
abode , diocese of, 533. 

Glass, Thos., 300. 

Gleane, Sir Peter, 425. 

Glenham, Henry, Bishop of St. Asaph, 647. 
Saoto A nae . appointment by, 565. 
Glenn, George, see Glynn. 


Glentworth, co. Lincoln, letters dated from, 
625, 628. 


Glide, Mr., of Exeter, 350. 
Gloucester, Duke of, see Henry. 


nae wesc , Bishop of, see Nicholson, Wm. 
e... Cathedral church of, prebendary of, 
338. 


Gloucestershire, 390,435, 645, 657. 
secseesesy CEPuty-lieutenants of, 500. 
messes farmers Of excise in, 649 (2). 
seveeeeeey receiver for, 129, 


703 


Gloucestershire—cont. 

reseso FECtories in, 268, 277, 649. 
amnesty ., sheriff of, 446. 

Glyde, Mr., timber merchant, 488, 
Glynn, or Glenn, George, 340, 358. 
Glynne, Sir Wm., Bart., 61. 
Goblins, persons at, 619. 

Godby, Wm., petition of, 650. 
Goddard, Ant., petition of, 509. 
Godden, Thos., 280. 

aeh ah eee Affidavit by, 281. 
Godfrey, Lieut.-Col. Thos., 222. 
Godley, Surrey, bailiwick of, 138. 
Godmanchester, co. Hunts, 632. 
Raises ee a LOSIGCNt at, 245. 
Godolphin, Capt. Fras., 234, 252, 266, 610. 
Or ote s... Fras., letter to, 555. 
seses) SY OneEY, 60. 

ASS s arana letter Of, A2 


Ee , Sir Wm., envoy to Spain, 124, 257, 
265, 271, 276, 278, 546. 


e haie s eeens letters of, 244.0951. 

E , Mr, letter to, 380. 

Godshill Wood, co. Wilts, timber in, 443, 451. 

Godwin, John, certificate by, 588. 

Goffe, Jas., tender by, 636. 

Goldegoy, Edw., messenger, order to, 353. 

Golden Grove, co. Carmarthen, 410. 

Golding, Hen., 625. 

Golius, Jas., MSS. of, 197. 

Gomme, Sir Bernard de, Engineer-General, 2, 
9, 133, 338, 371, 460, 643. 

REES ARN , petition of, 643. 

aeea: s sarao FeQuest by, 337. 

Good, Fras., 605. 

Goodgroome, John, 277. 

Goodson, Vice-Admiral, 91. 

Goodwin, Thos., petition of, 304. 

Goodwin Sands, 167. 

errno „ships on, 71, 72, 77, 86, 123, 152, 170, 
174, 212, 221, 355, 356, 391, 445, 453, 

_ 628 (2). 

Goose, Thos., letters of, 6, 105, 150, 188, 223, 
264. 

Gordon, Alex., 643. 

o. , e.. Eleanor, wife of, petition of, 643. 

ole Eie , father of, see Plumleigh, 

Sir Rich. 

ANOA , Sir George, 528. 

euen R P. (B. 2), letter of, 528, 

Gore, Mr., 367. 

Gorely, John, 24. 


ERETTE] 


. Goreski, M., letter of, 531. 


Gorges, Rob., letter of, 134. 


Goring, George, first Earl of Norwich, 460. 


s.s.s.. Charles, second Earl of Norwich, his 
son, petition of, 460, 


704 


Gorsuch, Wm., 227. 

Gosling, Capt. Benj., letter to, 38. 

sessessesy Thos., boatswain, 540. 

Gosport, Hants, conventicles at, 265. 

, letter dated from, 123. 

P , residents at, petition of, 147. 

OI , ship of, 406. 

Gostling, Thos., contract with, 636. 

Gottenburg, Sweden, fire at, 345. 

, masts from, 182, 230, 502. 

OE , Ships at, to, or from, 56, 60, 513. 

Goudge, Edw., petition of, 643. 

Gould, John, 469, 520, 528, 529, 571, 574, 582, 
584, 586, 612, 621. 

Pees . Thos., contracts with, 636 (2). 

Gouse, or Gouce, Isaac le, 190, 215, 499. 

Government, disaffection to, or disturbance of, 
73, 77, 100, 442, 541. 

a .... searches of records for, 135. 

Gower, informer, 420. 

Gowler, Hannah, 456, 468. 

Grabu, Lewis, 161. 

Gradey, Capt., 128. 

Graham, Wm., 517. 

Grain, see Corn. 

Graine, M. le, 337. 

Grainge, Edw., letter of, 223. 

Grainsby Croft, co. Lincoln, manor of, 337. 

Gramond, Jas., 638. 

Grandin, of Jersey, 460. 

Grandison, Viscount, see Villiers, George. 

Grange, M. le, 183, 204. 

Granger, Gregory, 631. 

seseseeeey SAM, Petition of, 330. 

Seta ciereiss , alias Brown, Wm., see Brown. 

SagogooKe , robber, 87, 104. 

Grant, Hen., 84. 

Grantham, co. Lincoln, resident at, 605. 

enb , traveller to, 528. 

Granville, see Grenville. 

Gratius [Faliscus], poem of, 65. 

Graves, Mary, or Lady, 20, 233. 

Gravesend, 8, 275. 

dabdoodes Blockhouse, 606. 

EOE , Customs’ officers at, 248. 

n i , fort at, 364 (2), 604. 

ioport +... Governor of, 364 (2), 603. 

Jood , letters dated from, 3, 40, 46, 275, 339, 
878, 571, 575, 576. 

ARARA , muster master at, place of, 392; see 
also Hosier, F., and Pett, Phin. 

sans «., resident at, 534. 

PE , Ships at or near, 46, 248, 460, 571. 

seseseesey timber at, 376, 534. 

EAGT , travellers to, 359, 378, 493. 

Gray, Ralph, letter of, 77. 

Great Britain, 233. 

Greathead, Major, 273. 

Great Seal, the, 66, 238, 460, 613. 


sesssoseo 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Great Seal, the—cont. 


.sseeeeee) Commissioners of (during the Usurp- 
ation), 464. 
Ee eaaa , grants under, alluded to, 64, 132, 


189, 259, 358, 453, 552. 

, Lord Keeper of, see Bridgman, Sir 

Orlando. 

Greaves, Abra., letter of, 317. 

EROON , Sir Thos., Bart., 568. 

Greek Church, priest of, 652. 

A grammars, 539. 

e. language, writings in, 314, 598. 

sqcoodcor , translations to and from, 65. 

Green, or Greene, Sir Edw., 642, 

ARA .., Capt. Emondes, letter of, 626. 

SE , Rich., letter of, 223. 

silgas viasie , Roger, letter of, 89. 

dienste MAIN. 208. 

eaea as ENOS 2 Lids 

RA » Wm., 399, 570. 

SONOS , Capt., broom merchant, 299. 

oeae , of Portsmouth, 579. 

Greencloth, Board of, 366. À 

AT , Officers of, reference to, and 

report of, 531. 

Greenland, Dutch in, 500. 

aE Aeee , fishery of, 497. 

eE , Ships from, 27, 497, 511. 

Kensie .. traders, 17. 

Greenriff, John, 35. 

Greenwax Office, 641. 

Greenwich, 182, 262, 401, 574. 

RAN ... House or Palace, 280. 

sezeveseey Keeper of the Wardrobe at, 124. 

ETERS , East, house in, 115. 

E O O GLET 

idiesniosgrsse ore FOSIAeNt at LLD 

Csa des » sassen Ship Tavern in, 115 

Greeson, John, 328. 

Gregory, Edw., clerk of the cheque at 
Chatham, 46, 66, 89, 197, 319, 344, 377, 
381, 389, 419, 472, 493, 498, 512, 515, 
521, 574, 580, 582, 584, 585 (2), 588, 
589, 594, 600. 

TOE ER , certificate by, 249. 

E S letters of, 253 (2), 267, 296, 
329, 334, 335, 344, 351, 380, 385, 414, 
416, 431, 457, 460, 467, 472, 491, 624, 
627. 

CEEA poo , note by, 624. 

esseeeeeey JONN, late clerk of the cheque at 
Harwich, 60 (2). 

SSeS » Mr., 471, 472, 483. 


Grenville, or Granville, John, Earl of Bath, 
14, 78, 651. 


EAS se.. aS Governor of the fort of 
Plymouth, 243, 341. 


ocon SANN , letter of, 475. 
TASAR s s... petition of, 270. 
seseeeeey secese Jane, wife of, 78. 


EPEAT -, Charles, Viscount Grenville of. Lans- 
downe (eldest son), 78. 


eee eeweee 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Grenville, John, Earl of Bath—cont. 


PLATOA sees Lady Jane (eldest daughter), 
78. 

Grenville, Bernard, 577. 

ITOAT A , Ann, wife of, 577. 

A ...., Denis, Archdeacon of Durham, 64. 


Greville, Francis, third Lord Brooke (?), 166 
(2), 382, 411. 

Grew, Dr., 655. 

Grey, Col. Edw., 250. 


Griffen, Thos., 193. 

Griffin, Conyers, 222. 

cree Dir Edw., Treasurer of the Chamber, 
163, 647. 

ekea eae LOCC CO, 20d: 


EEE »„«..... Orders or warrants to, 222, 256, 
258, 368, 403, 510. 

EA , or Griffith, Hugh, 437, 584, 652. 

Pesce Senin OLN, SON! Of, 602: 

RA , John, commission to, 612. 

aas , Sir John, 603, 610, 612. 

AATA s =+. +00, letters, &c., of, 275,340,364, 378. 

EN , Marg., 161, 173, 222. 

EAA 3 «sss. petitions of, 164, 256. 

T a reae DEOM ET OR aL 6A, 73, 

REENT , Peter, 246. 

, Isabella, wife of, 246. 

OAT , Wm., 123. 

Griffith, John, Westminster, 646. 

Grigg, Thos., chaplain, 280. 

READ: , Mr., of Chatham, 280. 

Grimskirk, co. Lancaster, market at, 575. 


Grimstone, Sir Harbottle, Master of the 
Rolls, certificate of, alluded to, 259. 


BOO a aseen Older Of, 469. 

aR s... Warrant to, 225. 

Groine, stationer, 409. 

Grosse, David, 114, 153. 

aeeoe , Judith, certificate by, 85. 

Grotius, Hugo, Catechism of, 65. 

Groves, Mr., 492. 

Groyne, the, 192. 

, ships to, 106;161, 175, 187, 196. 
ORT , travellers from, 239 (2), 243. 
Gruell, letter dated from, 352. 

Grundy, John, 424. 

Guelderland, place in, 619. 

Guernsey, 127, 261, 307, 329, 500, 548, 643. 
Avalos sep , Castle Cornet in, see Castle Cornet. 
sasie ss.) earthquake felt at, 80. 

, Governor of, see Atkins, Col. John, 
and Hatton, Lord. 

Douneneccs escent , deputy of, see Sheldon, Capt. 
Wm. 

. natives of, 145, 154. 

N , records of, alluded to, 643. 
Guildford, Surrey, Corporation of, 569. 
aesasrsea Tiver Wey at 969: 


79380, 


sesssssss 


705 


Guillam, Capt. Zachariah, 139. 
Guillim, Capt. John, 599, 622. 


OA ) s.s... petitions of, 53, 583. 
R s seve., Isabella, wife of, 622. 
TES e eee aftidavit by, 599. 
hiv e A ey PEUIONKOT A O83: 


Guinea Company, see African Company. 
Guinea, fleet to, 136. 


Aue , Ships to or from, 174 (2), 183, 226, 
415, 442, 482, 614, 616. 


Guise, Duke of [Louis Joseph], horses of, 544. 

Guldenlew, Baron de, ambassador of the 
King of Denmark, 375, 561. 

Gulston, Dr. Jos., 276. 

EN , Wm., M.A., 412. 

IE y eesis petition of, 407. 

Gumble, Thos., letter of, 271. 

Gunfleet, the, ships to or near, 377, 608. 

Gunning, Dr. Peter, Master of St. John’s 
College, Cambridge, 229. 

Gunpowder, 347, 349, 393, 397, 454. 

Gunter, Col., 317. 

On: sey «008. Cath,, widow: of, 817% 

Gurling, Capt. Thos., 220. 

Guy, Hen., petition of, 643. 

Gwidir, co. Carnarvon, residents at, 472, 654. 

Gwillyn, Stephen, letter of, 75. 

Gwinne, or Gwynn, Rich., 437, 652. 


H 


H. T., assignment to, alluded to, 20. 

Haberly, Ant., 195. 

Hack, Thos., 450. 

Hacket, John, Bishop of Lichfield and Coven- 
try, 91. 

RET s «eeeeey Information to, 655. 

saa sean anes Otter 0P 6057 

ts , John, clerk, 12, 84. 

sasda s aeness> petition of, 15 

Hackney manor, Middlesex, 137. 

Haddo, Scotland, resident at, 528. 

Haddock, Capt. Rich., 200. 

Haggar, Capt., 252. 

Haggett, Wm., or H. W., nformer, letters of, 
342, 419. 

Hague, Sieur Levin Adam, 455. 

Hague, the, ambassador to, see Holland, am 
bassador to. 

eish , advices from, 375. 

Hale, Sir Matthew, Lord Chief Baron of the 
Exchequer, 569. 


e A ai , references to, 379, 380. 
Hales, Sir Edw., M.P., letter to, 22. 
E , Edm., 639. 
nation) aie , John, 555. 
aoina s cseveey tender by, 636. 

Y Y 


706 


Hales—cont. 

ASE EnA , Mich., 454 (2), 659. 

sasesats s «sees letter of, 149. 

Haley, Mich., letters of, 278, 314. 
RE , father and mother of, 278. 
Halfheid, George, 561 (3). 
Dap N , petition of, 561. 

Halfwaytree, Kent, ships to, 230, 289. 
Halifax, Viscount, see Savile, Sir George. 
Halifax, co. York, resident at, 273. 

A or Hollafax law, 396. 

Hall, Dr. George, late Bishop of Chester, 11, 

19, 82, 490. 

aA , brother-in-law of, 490. 

eens , John, King’s servant, 129, 229 (2). 
ROAA > s... petition of, 129. 

Penis . John, of the Monmouth, demand 

by, 540. 

EE , John, sheriff of Wiltshire, 589. 


Ea ., Mr., fellow of Corpus College, Cam- 
bridge, 539. 

Halle, Jo., certificate by, 224. 

Halloway, Jonadab, 499. 

Hallyrood, Sussex, resident at, 442. 

Halsall, James, request by, 657. 

eE ss. oy letter to, 424. 

ngOCCHOAS AMT 127 

Halstead, John, 85 (2). 

Halsted, Wm., 157. 

Halton, Tim., 49, 151. 

Bene , letter of, 244. 

Halton, co. Chester, castle and manor of, 
stewardship of, 487, 488. 

Ham, Somersetshire, resident at, 560. 

Ham, Surrey, road at, 374. 


EE Creek, reed from, 151, 171. 
Hamburg, 16, 26, 291, 461, 502, 600. 
eeen Company, 559. 

A , English merchant at, 358. 
EDO goods, 358, 418. 

essani , letter dated from, 214. 
RAA, , posts to and from, 141, 214. 


Aaaah , ships of, or Hamburghers, 25, 87, 89, 
125, 288, 358, 381, 415, 444, 445, 452, 
542, 594, 596, 616, 629, 658. 

e aai , ships to or from, 72, 86, 123,307, 378, 
381, 623. 

EARNS , travellers to, 214, 367. 

Hamburghers, 596. 

Hamilton, alias Douglas, William, Earl of Sel- 
kirk and third Duke of Hamilton, 528, 

Hamilton, Major Edw., 330. 


Bataan , Sir George, 642. 

NARTA EA , Mary Butler, wife of, 347. 
see. , Capt., 305. 

Hammond, Anthony, petition of, 259. 
gues Ronit , Wm., tender by, 636. 


saccsevany B MOON, 160, 


| 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Hampshire, auditor of, warrant to, 101. 

nachos ., deputy-lieutenant of, 159, 177. 

O , King’s game in, 205. 

Tee een , lands or estates in, 102, 182, 212, 246, 
487, 561. 

raises , places in, 153, 532, 533, 592. 

TE , rectory in, 93, 98, 113. 

EE residents in, 249, 311, 614. 

Seances , Sheriff of, 82, 94. 

S s eere Waits hy tebe 

Hampton, see Southampton. 

Hampton Court, Middlesex, 374 (?), 474 (2), 
482 (2), 496. 

nEs .... Council to be held at, 473, 474. 

esaet eses HONOUT OF, 508, 618. 

s... King and Court at, 473, 495. 

aieeaa , letters, &c., dated from, 483 (2), 486 
(8), 488, 493, 505, 538. 

Esaa IVA , manor of, 419. 


Aaea E AE , Middle or North Park of, lodge in, 


326, 434. 
sede vers, steward of, 419. 
sargs cery traveller to, 492. 
Hanaper, see Chancery. 
Hanbridge, Southfield in, co. Chester, 323. 
Hanbury, George, note by, 580. 
Hanbury Park, co. Stafford, timber in, 375. 
Hancock, Thos., Portsmouth, 187. 
aon > sasecos letter of, 569. 
Vereen ..., Mr., office of, 139. 
Hanmer, Sir Thos., 501. 


Hannam, Capt. Willoughby, master attendant 
at Woolwich, 16, 64, 67, 148, 192 (2), 


223, 359. 

IOCA > s... aCCOUNt by, 208. 

ere E , certificate by, 85. 

Pe coke p seee: letters of, 7, 49, 112, 178, 185, 


205, 220, 230, 288, 302, 305, 309, 332, 
360, 866, 374, 412, 431, 439 (2), 443, 
476, 526. 

3 esoe: letter to, 68. 

Hannant, Wm., 126. 

Hanson, Capt., 278. 

Hanwood Hall, co. Warwick, resident at, 236. 

Harbey, Rebecca, 384. 

Harbord, Sir Charles, Surveyor-General, 75, 


ETEETET) 


282, 317. 
Harby, Clement, deposition of, 206. 
aN , Sir Clement, 349. 
ote , Sir Job, 583, 599. 
a OTA , Thos., 460. 


Hardiman, Oliver, 202. 

Harding [John], see Hardwin. 

Ae , Rob., 211. 

Hardwick, co. Oxon, parsonage of, 262. 
Hardwin, or Harding [John], 568, 580. 
Hardy, Dr. Nathaniel, Dean of Rochester, 2. 
Hare, Sir Ralph, Bart., 71, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Harley, Capt. John, 289. l 
.++, John and Rebecca, children of, 


ste eeeeny 


289, 
seeveveney eoveeey eresse grandmother of, 289. 
Harman, Sir John, Rear-Admiral of the West 

Indian fleet, 395, 396, 401, 404-406, 

547. 
spac , certificates by, 470 (2). 

» «sees, letters of, 383, 392, 406. 
ease ., son-in-law of, 392. 
ERE AS boatswain, 303, 6138. 

Harper, John, 44. 


ar des Thos., storekeeper at Chatham, 8, 
249, 305, 491. 


, Anne, wife and widow of, letters 
of, 8, 249, 


peat s earan eseina CLILGEN or S; 249, 
Scoodou N EEE 

Harpoll, Rob., 48. 

CESR SERS , father and grandfather of, 48. 

Harraton, co. Durham, resident at, 645. 

Harrell, or Hurrell, Christian, 245, 267, 444, 


533. 

Harrington, Wm., 620. 

goea a , engagement by, 384. 

RAAS s «eveeey letter of, 605. 

IIIA ING ude seus , tenders by, 126, 635. 
Harris, Edmond, letter of, 221, 545. 

ESSAS E sali , as Mayor of Rye, letter of, 545. 
EPR , Lieut. Edw., 322. 

SBSH , Capt. Leonard, 117. 

rogaa Sae , letter of, 219. 


ma Richa IS: 

seoneeeey Sallmaker, 519, 520, 528, 529. 
Harrison, John, request by, 137. 

e... John, timber merchant, 503, 516. 
eoan tender by, 636. 
RANAR , Sir John, executors of, 583, 622. 
Harsfield, Simon, tenders by, 635, 636 (2). 
Hart, Charles, 82, 94. 
, Sir Rob., 514. 
AAE ., Theophilus, 103. 
east eles Capt., 153, 555, 603. 
apace ...., Mr., brother of, at Heidelberg, 444. 
Hartley, Thos. and Rebecca, 557. 
Hartlib, Sam., 449. 
eaten ep) esae) Letter of, 449) 
Harvey, Sir Dan., Bart., ambassador to Tur- 

key, 206, 455, 478, 480, 525. 
ecules savy erine Etter OT 18D. 
sng letters to, 101, 349, 476. 
Rete .., Lady (his wife?), 149, 489. 
., Ellen, see Bird, Ellen. 

keane NARs 498% 
Harwich, 147, 291, 321. 
Aae , aldermen of, 9. 
saanhan aerea Di CeriLcate. by, 13. 
neeesa ra CRUTCH AT 4, 9 
ainan , garrison at, 271. 
es King to or at, 2-4, 9, 13, 24,152,271. 


s9 esossey 


707 


Harwich—cont. 

, King’s searcher at, 559. 

., letters dated from, 2, 4, 9,18 (2), 24, 
28, 38, 42, 58, 60, 72, 75, 87, 96, 98, 
147, 152, 164, 185, 197 (2), 271, 321, 
343, 574-576, 578, 580, 583, 585, 588, 
591, 596, 605, 608, 613, 618, 621, 625, 
628, 629. 

neee Mayor of, 9, 271. 

EVEEN s seeses, Certificate by, 13. 

, letter of, 343. 

..» packet-hoats and mails to or from, 
448, 517, 559, 574, 575, 578, 580, 583, 
585, 588, 596, 605, 608, 618, 628, 629. 

ea SHIPS at atO Or TEON Soy 070; D/S; 

580, 591, 613, 621, 625. 
Dutta ... travellers to, 559, 583. 
dockyard at, 4, 9, 13, 152, 271. 


EEETTETET] 


sesseeeeey teata Clerk of the survey at, 60, 214. 

KeA A oane , house at, 9, 24, 28. 

., master shaperight at, see Deane, 
‘Anthony. 

R T, aissas Officers of, 164. 

A EEA s see...’ Storehouses in, 9. 

Renesas > «sreaey Stores at, 9, 13, 147, 287. 

Harwood, Geo., 420. 

Haselrigg, see Hesilrigg. 

Hasler, Peter, 485, 487, 491, 503. 


aaa oaa MOUS loys PX. GBIOKGP), 
Haslewood, Major John, 558, 598. 
AAE eaey Petition of, 558. 


Hastings, Sir Walter, 194. 

Hastings, Sussex, residents at, 221, 545. 
Hatch, John, letter of, 110. 

Hatcher, Jo., 307 (?). 


Jogot Pabe , letter of, 198. 
Tn » eenas Lather of, 198, 307 (?). 
EOT , «>... COUSIN Of, see Heron, Thos. 


Hatfield, Herts, robbery near, 587. 


Hatfield Chase, co. York, 162. 
SaB IK Commissioners of Sewers for, letter 
to, 162. 
...., inhabitants of, 162. 
Hatton, Christopher, Lord Hatton, Governor 
of Guernsey, 652. 


aS eiaieleeite y <... petition of, 643. 
l aT » ses... [Charles], son of, 643. 
ET j raees sy C OBIS SOD Of, 652. 


Havana (Cuba), ships from, 450. 

Havering-atte-Bower, manor of, Essex, 649. 

Haversberg, or Aversberg, Prince or Count 
of [ Wolfgang Engelbert], 631. 

Havre-de-Grace, France, harbour of, 228. 

, Ships of, 54, 115, 162, 585. 

M E , ships to or from, 228, 543, 596. 

Hawley, Francis, Lord Hawley, 330 (2), 336. 

Hawley, Mr., 272, 


wee eeeeee 


Yy 2 


708 


Hay, George, tenth Earl of Errol, Lord High 
Constable of Scotland, 546. 


Hayes, James, Prince Rupert’s secretary, 255, 
611. 


Hayter, Thos., clerk of the Navy Commis- 
sioners, 38, 56, 388, 518. 

sists , letters of, 12, 458 (2). 

APE enr Letters to, 50; 58, 69, 81, 92 (2). 
105, 117, 123 (2), 149, 205, 208, 246, 
299, 322, 343, 352, 353, 383, 485, 505, 
544, 568, 571, 576, 595, 600, 601, 611, 
613, 621. 

Haywood, Rich., 25. 


Headon-in- Holderness, Yorkshire, Mayor, &c., 
of, letter to, 572. 


OT . recorder of, 573. 
eieaa , town clerk of, 573. 
Heart, Wm., 181 (2), 190. 
Hearth or chimney money, 136, 320, 449. 


DRE , collectors or receivers of, 827, 841 (2), 
433, 461, 510, 640, 650. 

ROE , farmers of, 125, 138, 437, 449 (2). 

E , payments from, or assignments on, 41, 
43, 102, 178, 200, 358, 403, 434, 454, 
643 (2). 

Heath, Edw., 531. 


aaoaeooce , Thos., and Eliz, his wife, examinations 
of, 245. 


Heather, Ralph, 476. 

Hebrew books, 631. 

Hedges, Wm., treasurer of the Levant Com- 
pany at Constantinople, 477, 478, 
480. 

deters , letters to, 478, 525. 

Hedworth, timber from, 237. 

Heemskirk, see Van Heemskirk. 

Heidelberg, postmaster of, 444. 

ieas , traveller to, 444. 

Heighington, co. Durham, meeting at, 342. 

Hele, Thos., petition of, 575. 

Helton, Hen., J.P., certificate by, 591. 

Helvoetsluys, King at, 642. 

SaR , posts to and from, 142. 

Hemmet, a Moor, 163. 

Hemseratt, see Heemskirk. 

Henchmen, Humphrey, Bishop of London and 
Chief Almoner, 10, 30, 222, 228, 293, 
368, 369, 372, 414, 598, 643. 

Sepia’ , certificates by, 30, 372. 

Air J aeaea Chaplain of, 280. 

aerate , letter of, 293. 

att , letter to, 525. 

Hendon, Sussex, timber at, 393. 

Heniock, Sam, 501. 

Henley, Sir And., 212 (2), 518. 

NO ANAO A 

Henrietta Maria, Queen Mother, 102, 130, 138, 
194, 255, 288, 297, 346, 375, 527, 597, 
638, 634. 


oe eererne > 


| 
| 
| 
| 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Henrietta Maria, Queen Mother—cont. 

siseseees cesses acknowledgment by, 649. 

erae e s deems , Council of, 620. 

RADOS save canne QOOUS Of, 98, 98 (2), 509, 514, 
527 (2), 633. 

E e obo , grant by, 649. 

devon thas EA , house belonging to, 511, 527, 


Perr tC , jointure of, alluded to, 349, 551, 
577, 633. 


LO Laa COWEN , letter of, alluded to, 390. 
aaraa . paper by, 218. 
plate belonging to, 610, 611. 


AC OGREDS 000080 , property, estates or rents of, 
259, 503, 504, 564. 


SaD II oes , trustees of, 259, 648. 

oaaao Aeee , death of, 442, 473, 474 (2), 
486, 487, 509, 565, 579, 648, 650. 

A n O, , mourning for, 495, 503, 


«aese Verses or elegies on, 488, 


E , funeral of, 503, 514, 534. 

a Eke pesn Commissioners for, 504, 
505, 514 (2), 628. 

saaa CAA gaens ss sne eey LOCCETS t0 09A 0008 

E O , funeral orations on, 569, 579. 

Aoo DU , wil. and papers of, alluded to, 


Household of, viz. :— 
Almoner, see Montague, Walter. 


Comptroller of the Household, see 
Bond, Sir Thos. 


Lieutenant of the Guards, 509. 


Master of the Horse, see Montague, 
Ralph. 


Servants, 127, 504, 650 (2). 


sesssssss 


Bedchamber women, petition of, 509. 
Footmen, petitions of, 509 (2). 
Gentleman usher, 648. 

Master of music, 649. 

Pages, 633, 634. 

Yeomen of the robes, 390 (2). 


Henriques, Jacob, Joshua, Moses, and Abra- 
ham Bueno, 422. 


Henry V., statutes of, alluded to, 330. 
Henry VII., time of, alluded to, 368. 
“epoca .., Prince Arthur, son of, 368. 


Henry, Duke of Gloucester, third son of 
Charles I., 656. 


EE s e. death of, alluded to, 509. 
naawa > seesee, SeLVaNt Of, 581. 


Henry, Wm., 425. 

Henshaw, Major Ben., 57, 341, 582. 

Sn , Joseph, Bishop of Peterborough, 481. 
Henson, John, certificate by, 218. 

Hepton, Squire, 563, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Heralds at Arms, 23, 135, 467; sce also St. 
George, Henry, Richmond Heraid. 


O , coats of, 135. 

Heralds’ Office, 135. 

aeS ed books of, 135. 

Herbert William, third Earl of Pembroke, 
131 (?) 

Epe , Philip, fifth Earl of Pembroke, 181 (2). 

N , William, third Lord Powis, 365 (2), 
417. 

aeaee , Edward, Lord Herbert of Cherbury, 490. 

meaai s evteery letter of; 472. 

Herbert, Jas., 452. 

T Capt., 275, 331. 

Hereford, Viscount, see Devereux, Leicester. 

E , Bishop of, see Croft, Dr. Herbert. 


Hereford, traveller to, 3. 
Herefordshire, 87, 129. 
Herne, John, 419. 

., John, J.F., Hunts, 243, 632. 
EPEETAN » Nat., letter of, 535. 
Dua 36 » Major Thos., see Heron. 
eua , robber, 236, 241, 262. 
Heron, Chas., 5. 
actue , or Herne, Major Thos., 137, 198, 222. 
A eee e letter OL S20. 
nasht K oaas CHI OLMIS TZ. 
sceneries 3 seer) relations of, 325. 


Herring, Sam., 387. 
, Hannah, wife of, petition of, 


Herrings, 11, 21, 62. 

raeas , Ships laden with, 27, 36, 38, 59, 68, 
75, 93, 235, 497, 511, 525, 590, 592, 
600. 

T trade, 500. 


Herriot, George, 154, 422, 505. 
Hertford, assizes at, 648. 


oaea gaol, prisoners in, 587. 
Hertfordshire, manor in, 565. 
enipodosdc , places in, 39, 511. 


., receiver in, 640. 
seseeeeey residents in, 311, 603. 

aE , sheriff of, 587. 

Hervey, J., letter of, 88. 

Hesilrigg, or Haselrigg, Sir Arthur, Bart., 553 
(2), 558, 559. 

Heveningham, Wm., 92 (2), 97 (2), 166, 389, 
(3). 

Reon: s eree Lady Mary, wife of, 97 (2). 

SMipopadodp coed > «ss... father of, see Cary, John, 
Earl of Dover. 

Hever, Mr., contract with, 636. 

Hewer, Mr., see Ewers. 

Hewet, Rich., 245. 

Hewett, John, 482. 

Heydon, Sir John, 52 (3), 53, 310. 

AEO EAEE , Cary, daughter of, 53, 514. 

a a cdobond a E EAA OE ERIA 


ZN 


709 


Heydon, Sir John, Cary, daughter of—cont. 

a Me COLOTONOF. O84 

ET, a seeveey eoeeeey DLOther Of" see Neville, Col. 

Heylin, Dr. Rich., 297, 298. 

Heyward, Capt., 439, 602. 

Heywood, Sam., 25. 

Hickes, Jas., clerk of the Post Office, 4, 492 
(2). 

esti’ » +e.) letters and notes of, 10, 17, 29, 
45, 51, 95, 191, 198, 232, 242, 294, 296, 
314, 316, 881, 474, 482, 483, 487, 495, 
502, 505, 525, 543, 588, 590, 618, 627. 

Ponta soey seveeey Alluded to, 482, 483. 


, letters to (1668), 4 (2), 5, 
8 (3), 14 (2), 17, 19, 22, 25 (2), 27 
(3), 31, 33, 34, 42 (2), 48, 54 (3), 57- 
59, 62, 64, 66, 70, 72, 74-76, 79-81, 
87, 88 (2), 90, 91, 93, 95 (2), 97-101, 
104, 107, 110 (2), 111 (2), 115, 116, 
122 (2). 

miae Ree (1669), 144, 145, 148, 149 
(3), 151, 152, 155, 160,163,166, 167,169 
(4), 170, 178, 181, 183, 184, 191 (2), 
194 (2), 196, 198, "201, "203-205, 209 
212-215, 219, 221 (3), 228-232, 234 
(2), 236, 240, 241, 243 (2), 246, 250, 
251, 254, 261, 262 (2), 265, 266, 269, 
272, 275-277, 279, 282, 288, 293, 296, 
297, 299, 307 (2), 317, 324, 331, 334, 
341, 345, 348, 358, 360, 362, 367, 369, 
371, 373, 378 (2), 381 (2), 388, 390 
(2), 393, 394 (2), 396, 398, 399 (3), 
402, 405, 409, 410 (2), 413-415, 418, 
422, 429, 432 (2), 437, 438, 440, 442 
(2), 445, 446 (2), 449-453, 456-460, 
463, 465, 468 (2), 472, 473 (2), 475, 
482 (2), 485, 487, 489, 492, 494, 497, 
498, 500, 502, 505 (2), 511, 513, 517, 
520, 522, 523, 525, 528, 5386, 539, 542, 
545, 548, 550 (2), 552, 560, 563 (2), 
564, 567, 573 (2), 577, 579, 581 (2), - 
583, 585, 587—590, 596, 600, 604, 605, 
608 (2), 610 (2), 613, 614, 616-618, 
623-625, 627, 629 (2), 630. 

, letters to, alluded to, 59, 75, 
95, 104, 115, 148, 198, 221, 246, 334, 
419, 440, 468, 471, 483, 552, 565, 589, 
617. 

elector y «+++, Signature of, 656. 

wey) eade , James, son of, 294, 656. 

nes ieia , Sir Wm., letter of, 413. 


Hickman, Thos., Lord Windsor, 573, 576, 
608. 

Higgins, or Higgons, Sir Thos., 197. 

ns a letter of, 352. 

Highbury Wood, Middlesex, 323. 

Highgate, Middlesex, game at, 335. 

Hildyard, Chris., 242, 572. 

eames , Rob., 62. 

AAA Sir Rob., 62. 

Hill, Dan., petition of, 644. 

AE , Fras., letter to, 628. 

EANAN John, merchant, 562. 

anode ..., John, tenders by, 635 (2). 


710 


Hill—cont. 

Datas »5 Nich., 12° 

TN , Rebecca, 289, 578. 

a e ROD., 346, 389. 

Hills, Edw., deposition of, 618. 

M , seeee) tenders, &c., by, 126, 635, 636. 

Hill-Wotton, co. Warwick, strange sounds 
at, 236. 

Hinchinbroke, Viscount, see Montague. 

Hinchinbroke, co. Huntingdon, letters dated 

from, 254, 496. 

IOT , letters for, 496. 

eskasa , visitors at, 595. 

Hinde, Dr. Sam., letter of, 94. 

Hindley, Thos., 469, 472. 

Hinton, Dr., petition of, 645. 

Hinton St. George, Lord Poulett’s house at, 
560. 

Hispaniola, West Indies, news of, 516, 560. 

Histing, Nicholas, 624. : 

Hoath, Ireland, T.ord Lieutenant at, 497. 

Hobart, Sir Nath., 537. 

Hobbes, Thos., 76. 

Hoblin, Fras., 612. 

Hobson, Lancelot, 481. 

Hoby, Sir Edw., 657. 

Hoddesdon, co. Herts, letter dated from, 


466. 
Hodge, Thos., 576. 
e Oa ances , petition of, 573. 


Hodgson, soldier, 67. 

Hodson, Thos., deposition by, 465. 
Hogan, Andrew, certificate of, 575. 
Hohenfeld, Baron of, 654. 

. Holbeton, co. Devon, living of, 575, 597. 
sakes eps , parishioners of, petition of, 475. 
Holden, Benj., 618. 


neeese DOSa letters Of, (1668), 6; 8) (2), 
19 (2); 25, 27 (J; 84, Oly 57559 (2), 
72,75 (2), 81, 88, 98, 95 (2), 101, 104 
(C2) phy 5 (2): 

A ene (1669), 145, 148 (2), 155 
(2), 162, 163, 169, 178, 181 (2), 191, 
198 (2), 205, 219, 221 (2), 230, 234 
(2), 243, 246,254 (2), 269 (2), 277 (2), 
288 (2), 299, 300, 324 (2), 331, 334 
(2), 341, 358 (2), 369 (2), 378 (2), 
390 (2), 396, 399 (2), 409 (2), 415, 
419, 430, 437, 440 (2), 446, 447, 451, 
453 (2), 457, 459 (2), 465, 468 (2), 
482 (2), 485 (2), 489, 493, 497, 500, 
520 (2), 525, 586, 542, 543, 550, 552 
(2), 568, 565, 579, 581 (2), 587, 589, 
605, 610 (2), 614, 617 (2), 625 (2). 


SER > serene, alluded to, 184, 360, 371, 432, 
522. 

Holdenby, co. Northampton, rectory of, 346, 
389. 

Holder, Thos., African House, 316. 

a PR , letters of, 211, 607. 


EATA TA , Dr., Deputy Mayor of Dover, 408. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Holehaven, letters dated from, 2, 16 (2), 67, 
78, 163, 165, 178, 182, 193, 211, 295, 
299, 328, 435, 454, 461. 

T , Ships at, 40, 162. 

Hollafax, see Halifax. 

Holland, Earl and Countess of, see Rich. 

Holland, United States, Low Countries, Seven 
Provinces, or United Provinces, 17, 40, 
124, 141, 158, 375, 896, 484, 543, 613, 
653. 

E , Admiralty of, 22. 

E , ambassadors from, or from the States 
General, 17, 80 (?), 375. 

A IGG , ambassadors to, or to the Hague; or 
States General, 197, 375, 410; see also 
Temple, Sir Wm. 

Reo , coast of, wrecks on, 209, 578. 

Sek duck, 105. 

versie ..», duties imposed by, 550, 552. 

Oda , French in, see French. 

O » horses to, 170, 595. 

veseeeeesy imports from, 527 (2), 548 (2). 

R a , in connection with England, 237. 

ESAN „in connection with France, 80, 88, 99, 
101, 396, 469, 475, 520, 560, 577. 

AE , in connection with other countries, 
TIZ 

c... letter dated from, 559. 

sseceeeeey Mails or letters from 160, 494, 558. 

areias ..) natives of, see Dutch. 

COCOEEEOE , news from, 520, 588. 

Oooo , packet-boats to or from, or Dutch 
packet-boats, 17, 391, 448, 574, 575, 
583, 596, 628, 629. 

aoo , passes for, see Passes. 

seseseeeey POSt-Offices in, 391. 

E , preparations in, 188, 489. 

EN , residents in, or Dutchmen, 26, 54 (2), 
422. 

seeeseveey Ships building or built in, 588, 600. 

scseseeeey Ships Of, or Hollanders, see Dutch 
ships. 

es Seant , Ships to or from, 47, 57, 143, 265, 
279, 287, 358, 860, 896, 475, 497, 500, 
513, 548, 621. 

eresse States General of, 22, 875, 410, 484, 
505, 604. 

Measures tiles, 343. 


ACERS , travellers to or from, 180, 287, 387, 
464, 505, 520, 526, 559, 570, 588, 613, 
618, 651. 

ssseeeeeey treaties of or with, 186, 237. 

SEDO , war with, alluded to, 1, 8, 18, 28, 30, 
43, 118, 119, 134, 187, 139 (2), 156, 
173, 188, 195, 196 (2), 214, 215, 229, 
231, 238, 256, 258, 274, 321, 387, 341, 
357, 858, 379, 410, 442, 492, 518, 527, 
578, 596, 615, 623, 638, 646, 647 (4), 
651. 

EA s e... narrative of, alluded to, 488. 

RPE » war of, with France, see France, in 
connection with Holland. 

Holland regiment (English), see Army. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Hollar, Weneslaus, letter of, 256. 

. family of, 256. 

Holles, Denzil, Lord Holles, 94, 300. 
Segocndud s «es... report by, 283. 

Hollis, Sir Frescheville, 283, 629. 
Holloway, Margaret, 514. 


sssr tessy cee 


N s aaee letter Of Oo. 
toaa > ses.. uncle of, see Savage, Sir Edw. 
E , ship commander, 500. 


Hollway, of Bristol, 873. 
Holme Cultram, Cumberland, resident at, 641. 


Holmes, Capt. John, of the Lenox, 299, 540. 
desa > emanes letters of, 16, 78, 165, 178, 211, 


ah .., Capt. John, of the Nonsuch, 279, 
280, 444, 602. 

swaaaeewe e Letters Of, 27.9), 296: 

DO ORS Rear Admiral Sir Robert, 30 (2), 
150, 360, 520. 


Ahia , Governor of the Isle of Wight, 
118 (2), 181, 197, 279, 287, 365, 573. 


eaaa es > «ieee; letters of, 284, 432, 627. 
npcnc000: > se... petitions of, 244, 360. 
aaeeea s pareas SOrYante Of, 197. 
EE , Thos., ensign, 520. 
ser...) Of Southwark, 654. 
Holt Forest, see Alice Holt. 
Holtby, Col., 33. 
Holyhead, Anglesey, letter dated from, 5. 
eee , officers at, 581. 
Goosaonde »ships to, 447, 451, 473. 
Aap SGOROE , ship wrecked off, 375. 
Saloa aa vs , travellers to and from, 5, 163, 235, 
251, 807, 367, 490 (2), 494, 571. 
Island, Northumberland, 
governor of, 119. 
Holyrood House, Edinburgh, 538. 
eneke? > eevee», COUNCIL at, 528. 
npddosand as , letters dated from, 566, 592. 
OE > --sese5 traveller, to, 527, 
Homewood, Edw., clerk of the survey at 
Chatham, 60, 71, 214, 385. 
ees dae detters-of, 118, 317,338, 374, 
376, 380. 
Honeywood, Sir Phil., deputy-governor of 
Portsmouth, 20, 31, 34, 48, 117, 168, 
348, 857, 511, 552, 556, 560, 564, 567, 
570, 583, 596, 605, 613. 
araia > sseeeey letters of, 40, 369. 
EE ass , letter to, 655. 
eean , estate of, 242. 
Hoo, or How, Kent, 303. 
PSAo ., Creek, boat to, 303. 
DN: , residents at, 250, 274, 302. 
Hook, Hants, manor of, 487, 561. 
Hooker, Ralph, 507 (2). 
asav , of Chatham, 303. 
Hookes, Thos., 644. 
Eliz., widow of, 644. 


Holy deputy- 


osoososorg sovesty 


711 


Hooper, Capt. Dudley, 15. 


IAN Capt. Robs 71. 
aeaio letters of) 12, «56,71, 92, 144, 
207,235. 


Hooton, Edw., petition of, 644. 

Hope, Ralph, letters of, 5, 25, 33, 47, 145, 170, 
208, 236, 241, 262, 282, 430, 438, 486, 
564. 

Hope, the, or Tilbury Hope, letter dated from, 
348. 

eo Naa , Ships at, letters dated from, 6, 392. 

TEES , ship to, 370. 

Hopton, Mr., 189. 

Hopton, co. Derby, resident at, 652. 


Horace [Horatius Quintus Flaccus], odes of, 
alluded to, 314. 

Horn, Capt., 363. 

Horne, Mr., of Southampton, 150. 

Horne, ships of, 337 (2), 578, 587. 

Horner, Sir George, 217. 

Hornybrooke, Rich., 69, 173. 

Horses, Flanders, see Flanders. 

sees passes or licences for, 6, 26, 37, 

132, 148, 170, 173, 189, 191, 199, 201, 
208, 225 (2), 227, 250, 253, 255 (2), 
267, 270, 285, 288 (2), 308, 312, 329, 
337, 356, 367, 386, 390 (2), 399, 403 
(2), 411, 416, 421, 422, 428, 432, 446, 
452, 459-461, 486, 501, 526, 539, 542, 
544, 557 (2), 595, 612, 622, 651, 654. 

Tae eo eins ASked torn Gols 

asoippadne , stealing of, 646. 

pace te , transport of, 419, 455, 458, 571. 


erste Sussex, gaol of, keeper of, warrant 
to, 323. 


Horsley, Surrey, residents at, 474. 

Mice West, Surrey, letter dated from, 17. 

Horton, Thos., 573. 

Hoseley Bay, see Ousley. 

Hosier, F., muster master 
469 (?), 606. 


at Gravesend, 


SA aes aeee letters of, 3, 40, 46, 460, 589. 
Hosmer, Abr., 320. 

ARNA Aeee a PETON OE 2AT 

E > s... SOD-In-law of, see Sharpe, John. 


Hotham, Mr., 334. 
Houghton, Jeremiah. 315. 


paodtioosn , Wm., 202. 
Houghton-Roberts, co. York, letter addressed 
to, 629. 


Hounslow Heath, Middlesex, 508, 618. 
Household, the, see Charles II., household of. 
Housley, Chris., letter of, 274. 

How, Kent, see Hoo. 

Howard, Henry, 21st Earl of Arundel, 122 


RT , Thomas, Duke of Norfolk, and 
22nd Earl of Arundel (eldest son), 


seeneeeey 


1227 220: 

TATT s tsesery eeeeeey DIr Robert, ancestor of, 
225 

AS saeg sefensy seare coscc Margaret, witorof, 
225. 


712 


Howard, Henry, Earl of Arundel—cont. 
seeveey ekee: Lord Henry (second son), 122, 

190, 607, 627 (2), 657. 

t , as Baron Howard of 
Castle Rising, 225. 

manade aae 5 e... âS ambassador to Morocco, 
238, 256, 270, 274, 374, 377, 393, 398, 
402, 405, 410, 414, 417, 422 (2), 440, 
490, 523, 590, 614. 

ST BOT) ara m ea ALENTO 


ee soosse 


EE s aeey creas letters, Cn Of, 186273; 
338 (2) 

ales } orrenoy weave ey grandfather Of, 256, 

aa elles A AA ., servants or retinue of, 
274, 374, 377. 

ototo eaaa siers BTEWALA Ob, 498. 

e aS seee Lord Philip (third son), Lord 
Almoner to the Queen, 278. 

PA Thomas, Earl of Berkshire, 20, 640. 

E EEST , Elizabeth, widow of, petition of, 
640. 

Sees , Charles, Viscount Andover, son 

on 195, 358. 

Mba e hens s s.s... Children of, 640. 

oie deals , Charles, Earl of Carlisle, 94. 

EE CaS , as ambassador to Sweden, 56, 60, 
78, 79, 84, 118, 214, 312, 367, 375. 

aa a a aS LIOLG. EN of Cumber- 
land, 88. 

ETTA y seeeeey Certificate by, 118. 

EAS > s... letters of, 344 (2). 

E T , Anne, wife of, 331, 345, 375. 

EE , +... Edward, Viscount Morpeth, son 
of, 88. 

B As , e.s., Col. Thos., brother of, 514, 641. 


, other brothers of, 641. 
... Charles, Earl of Nottingham, letter 
of, 27. 
me... James, third Earl of Suffolk, 259, 282, 
317, 468, 511. 
» letter to, 294. 
canes , Barbara, second wife of, groom 
of the ‘stole to the Queen, 196. 
hoon Edward, Lord Howard of Escrick, 
647. 
oae oga , son of, 647. 
Howard, Henry, 132. 
Sir Philip, 43, 103, 190, 430. 
POOE es letter Oy ESI 
file ae Jay l Nivoay SyA 
A , Wm., 227. 
aea , Col. Wm., 222, 335. 
Howe, John, pardon for, 652. 
AAGA John, Oxford almsman, 40. 
, Roger, letter of, 157. 


EEETETEET] 


EAA , «eeee2, brother-in-law of, 157. 

Howell, James, 65. 

OOT , note by, 140. 

O Sir John, Recorder of London, 206, 


217. 
EO , references to, and reports of, 164 
(2), 484, 510. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Howell, Sir John—cont. 

ate reh reia Warrants 40,99, 211, 213, 327; 
361, 408, 427, 450, 626. 

s... Mr., of Hampshire, 414, 422. 

Howgill, Fras., petition of, 644. 

Howland, John, 439. 

Hoybin, John, 12. 

Hubbard, Capt. John, 76, 123, 603, 610. 

sane’ sey seeeeey letters of, 164, 292, 302. 

screens Sir John, 159. 

AT , Miles, 76. 

Hubbert, W., 85. 

Hudson, Rich., 510. 

S , Thos., petition of, 129. 

Hudson’s Bay, projected expedition to, 8, 139, 
220, 543. 

Hudson’s Straits, 543. 

Huggens, Monsieur, letter to, 133. 

Huggett, Mr., shipmaster, 644. 

Hulbert, Edw., 389, 585. 

Hull, or Kingston-upon-Hull, 17, 128 (2), 
129, 159, 185, 348, 430, 607, 639. 


zeat , charter of, 592. 

Jododsoae > «reese, alluded to, 606. 

sdsndboae , disaffected persons or conventicles at, 
396, 623, 655. 

Weenies , garrison of, 62, 128, 

eaS ) +e... governor of, see Carteret, Capt. 

BoA Governor of, see Fauconberg, Lord 
Belasyse. 

ODO oT , deputy or lieutenant, see Gilby, 
ior ‘Ant. 

OE , letters dated from, 17, 18, 26 (2), 46, 


57, 99, 143, 179, 185, 205, 207, 239, 
265, 282, 284, 307, 338, 348 (2), 356, 
371, 397, 430, 481, 502, 513, 519, 548, 
579, 623. 
tees... Magistrates of, 623, 655. 
OEO , Mayor and aldermen of, 80. 
sao ias a , petition of, 80. 
t... Mayor and burgesses of, 590. 
EE , port of, searcher of, 282. 
DEO , recorder of, 80 (2), 592, 606. 
tesastaen , residents in, 26, 639. 
sha Ships of, 119, 143, 896, 429 (2), 548, 
OOS , Ships to or from, 41, 47, 99, 143, 178, 
185, 239, 265, 338, 348, 371, 417, 481 
495, 513, 579, 623. 
haces , timber to or at, 305, 398, 417, 606. 
aAA , travellers to or from, 99, 582, 606. 
Hume, Alexander, fourth Earl of Hume, 528. 
Humber, the, drowned lands in, 179. 
Monds '~ lighthouse at the mouth of, 461, 629. 
DAEA , Ships in or near, 57, 67, 99. 
ARTT , ships to, 189, 200, 274. 
Reales « Ships wrecked in or near, 47, 207. 
Great Sand, island in, 205. 
Humphreys, murderer, 456. 
Hungarians, 371. 


> 


Ce) 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Hungerford, Sir Edw., 224, 585, 543. 
Pk i letters to, 529, 

Hunt, Rob., request by, 657. 

ee , Thos., 472, 485, 493, 503, 568. 
Hunter, John, certificate by, 13. 
Huntingdon, postmaster of, 3. 

AT , traveller to, 528. 
Huntingdonshire, 550, 645. 

inasa , resident in, 243. 

Huntington, John, 158. 


Aog dere letters of; 19:141 67; 995 211, 
280, 306, 309, 326, 332. 


e ch 96, 466. 
Huntley, Thos., 657. 

Hunton, Thos., petition of, 644. 
Hurrell, see Harrell. 

Hurst, Owen, account by, 630. 


Husborne-Tarrant, co. Hants, manor of, 132, 
212, 246. 


Hussey, Sir Thos., Bart., 78. 


Hutcheson, or Hutchinson, Mr., paymaster, 
351, 620. 


Hutchins, Henry, 327. 


Hutchinson, Alderman [of Kinsale], 249, 
283, 286. 


Hyde, Edward, Earl of Clarendon, late Lord 
Chancellor, 34, 157, 202, 203, 289, 381, 
643. 


PA A ee , Henry, Viscount 
eldest son of, 645. 


Toone asn s <e... Certificate by, 64. 

Hyde, Edw., J.P., 456. 

Pp TS , Sir Frederick, 453. 

adean olittie Mr:.7 13. 

Hyde Park, Middlesex, lodge, &c., in, 573. 
Hynde, Jos., 392. 


Cornbury, 


Ibrackan, Lord O’Brien of, see O’Brien. 
Ibrop, co. Hants., manor of, 132, 212. 
Iceland fishery or fishermen, 188, 278, 428. 
versesesey Ships of, to, or from, 33, 278, 428, 
481. 

PT , trade of, 163 (?). 

Idiots, disposal of, right to, 411. 

Ilfarence, Somerset, resident at, 642. 
Ilfracombe, Devonshire, ship of, 567. 
` Imprest, auditors of, see Exchequer. 
Inchiquin, Earl of, see O’Brien. 
Independents, 77, 99, 278. 

„e.s... Meeting places of, 100, 221, 278. 
India, see East Indies. 

“ Indian Emperor,” play called, 145. 


713 


Indians (North American), 293. 
Informer, 149, 420; see also Haggett, Wm. 
Ingestree, co. Stafford, residents at, 47. 


Ingram, Sir Thos., Chancellor of the Duchy 
of Lancaster, 36, 183 (2), 415, 577. 


anes Aare aun Letter of 442 

Saika > seses. letters to, 374, 443, 444. 

kasie , Warrants or orders to, 153, 170, 
181, 197, 229, 403, 551, 576, 585. 

Aoncondde » Mr., goods of, 161. 

Inspection, Committee of, see Commons, 
House of, Committee of. 


Inventions, or Inventors, 43, 93, 103, 108, 
161, 190, 369, 433, 650. 


Inwood, Thos., 195. 
Ipswich, Suffolk, 4, 13, 72, 149, 150. 
Poea DAMAS SoC OLN de 

Solea, sasda Warrant to, 185. 

T , King at, 4, 7, 9. 

«s-e ee letters, &c., dated from, 4, 150, 206. 

T , residents at, 149 (2), 206. 

seeme Ships of or from, 228, 359. 

Ireland, 15, 19, 42, 233, 258, 329, 356, 465, 
482, 516, 552, 557, 619. 

eteh , accounts of, Commissioners for, 90. 


` 


Ene R , Act concerning, 511. 

AT , Archbishop [Roman Catholic] for, 
619. 

aaraa TIE , army in, 129, 462, 468. 

aa zee es Captan in, 029: 

Sonne , Church of, 560, 619. 

neadi , coast of, 99. 

NOE sarees WTCCKS O NOT 003 C2 DS; 

EILE , Court of Claims in, Commissioners 
of, 163. 

EAG > «se... SOlicitors’ place in, 198. 

ekan iar , Customs in, 437. 

Eo eae farmers of, 647. 

RATOS s sesers place in, 647. 

TT , deanery in, 518. 

E , description of, 403. 

panasanor , English in, 299. 

er eh , estates or lands in, 129, 278, 301. 

Redon , Exchequer in, 259. 

E aaie , First fruits in, clerk of, 186. 

Rae AE , governors of, 560. 

RE , horses to, 285, 337, 367, 458, 460. 


APPRODA , Lord Lieutenant of, see Butler, Duke 
of Ormond, and Robartes, John, Lord 
Robartes. ; 


AAT , Lord Deputy of, 278; see also Butler, 
Thomas, Earl of Ossory. 

ER , Lord Primate of, see Boyle, Michael. 
r TO , Lords of the Council for, 417. 
A , lottery in, see Lottery, Irish. 

RRS, , monasteries in, 619. 

Rosea , packet-boats to, 640. 

eee ae » persons in, 198, 496. 

TAE ..„ prize ships or goods in, 212, 258, 358. 
ssereeesey rOCEIVer for, 259. 


714 


Treland—cont. 
EREN , revenue in, farmers of, 462. 
, money from, 282, 308, 468, 511, 


aE , revenues of, 417, 440. 

MORE , ship of, 88. 

E , Ships to or from, 12, 31, 54, 90, 93, 
169, 184, 268, 282, 345, 370, 430, 446, 
457, 516, 520, 539, 552, 563, 605. 

asides ..., trade with, 643. 

SAE , travellers to or from, 20, 88, 107, 
272, 279, 357, 384, 395, 414, 430, 432, 
447, 451, 490 (2), 496, 497, 502, 557, 
571, 581. 

sssini , Vice-Treasurers of War for, see 
Carteret, Sir George, and Annesley, 
Arthur, Earl of Anglesey. 

AA , wines, &c., for or in, 107, 640. 

roa , wool from, 4, 80, 262, 567. 

Irish, the, 300. 

P SA affairs, or business, 104, 107, 444. 

ASADO bishoprics, 271. 

spaonneed lottery, see Lottery. 

beces see Mall 67, 296: 

aan seas, Admiral of, 643. 

Iron, for the Navy, 173, 636; see also Sil- 
vester, Edw. 

s... Ships laden with, 4, 107, 143, 149, 

219, 396, 552, 623. 

Islington, Norfolk, vicar of, 213. 

Italian, an, 312. 

eE language, letter written in, 585. 

Italy, merchants of, 507. 

ET , perfumes from, 559. 

ERES , residents in, 74, 90. 

sseeeeey Ships Of or from, 182, 183. 


asana saes , trade of, 477, 479 (2). 
Ranog , travellers to or from, 93, 157, 182, 
312, 375. 


Ithowary, Chas., petition of, 644. 
Ives, Edw., 303. 

gooi y sese afidavit by, 302. 
Ivica island, French ships at, 603. 
Ivy, Giles, letters of, 209, 240. 


J 
Jackson, Edw., 153. 
ST , John, B.A., 628. 
sone +...) Sir John, petition of, 645. 


Jacob, Sir John, executors of, 583, 622. 

Jacobson, Frances, 562. 

Jacques, Rob., warrant to, 429. 

Jaguer, Dr., 96. 

Jamaica, 186, 252, 266, 357. 

nR , condition of, or news from, 251, 297, 
8300. 

soooveeeey GOvernor of, 297. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Jamaica—cont. 

eseese Ships to, from, or of, or Jamaica men, 
170, 191, 204, 251, 252, 297, 300, 408, 
432, 450, 481, 520, 560, 570, 596. 


James, King, 113, 128, 324, 378, 538. 


EEES , adage of, 321. 


om ....„ Coat of arms of, 135. 

2pANOAG , grants and patents of, alluded to, 
247, 258, 280 (2), 365, 590, 620. 

duiae , yeoman of the robes to, 390. 


James, Duke of York, 21, 64, 135 (?), 273, 
833, 370, 393, 482 (?), 562. 

saesaraosg eesi AS Lord. Hish Admiral, 83:29; 
60, 61, 112, 118, 136, 147, 150, 164, 
169, 179, 211, 232, 237, 242, 264, 287 
(2), 305, 306, 325, 348, 412, 417, 493, 
513, 523, 529, 544 (2), 601, 626 (3). 


Bann raeg esee oaeee; COMMissioners of, letter 
of, 211 

abses e RE hA , officers of, 158. 

O vanes . as Lord Warden of the Cinque 
Ports, 148. 

teenie areca sarata OLUCETSIOl, 14S; 

hoii vey seeeeey Almoner of, 653. 

snt > s... appointments by, 211, 286, 518. 

GOGOA >... attendance of, on the King, 94. 

a soy esee attendance on, 277, 319, 354, 
505. 

REIN > +... Chaplain to, 300, 586. 

ae a en , Commissioners for household 
affairs of, 217. 

n a >.. influence with, asked for, or 
alluded to, 274, 286, 309, 344, 392, 
512, 568. 

meaa hea: , instructions by, 398. 

T +) seers: letters of, alluded to, 15, 535. 

TOT erene kecses Letters to, 319, 658. 

FIIO opa , «eee from the King, 178, 181, 
190, 250, 384, 404, 410, 509, 561, 612. 

onan p sarase soosse Alluded to, 845147105 6033: 

solie AO , orders or warrants of, 106, 195, 
210. 

aeeoa aS s e... alluded to, 50, 56, 60, 68, 


72, 106, 120, 161, 185, 219, 230, 286, 
292, 335, 343 (2), 345, 348, 364 (3). 
389, 396, 414, 490, 506, 515, 518, 529, 
583, 598, 594. 

eseeseseog eseese Orders or warrants to, 121, 182, 
341, 360, 516, 600. 


BHOABSAI5 ARENE deuce , alluded to, 556, 653. 

so GRC s ., papers for or sent to, 591, 658. 

AARON > +... passports from, alluded to, 90, 
183, 385. 

ainas > s... payment to, warrant for, 358. 

AABAOHABHH OOA , personal notices of, 4, 9, 13, 14, 


22, 152, 227, 408, 474, 628. 
, petitions to, J48, 172, 176, 216, 


eee ewey sssas 


sreeeeesey sneeeey Plot against, alluded to, 136. 
tereereeey evveeey precedence, &c., of, 218. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


James, Duke of York—cont. 


esas ty seere; Feference to, 227. 

Catena dete , regiment of guards of, see 
Army 

aeaeo enea » revenues of, from the Post 
Office, 285, 376. 

A , servants of, 154. 

ean e s... Statement by, alluded to, 364. 

oo oie s «esses, SutVeyor for prizes of, 211. 

onoaiiae +... theatre of, see London, Duke’s 
theatre in. 

k » «eres, yacht or pleasure boat of, 331, 
345; see also Ships, names of, Anne 
yacht. 

merce ep se saat ., Anne, Duchess of York, his 
wite, 218, 483. 

aese a neee CHILATED Ol, 22.0. 

e REIS EREE ea S , Duke of Cambridge 


[? James], 172. 
James, Sir John, 94. 
Janes, Thos., 395, 432. 
aaeoa , gentleman usher, 391. 
Japan, embassy to, 564. 
Jay, Chris., 425, 510. 
Jefferson, Ralph, 462. 
Jeffreys, Rich., 654. 
Jenifer, Capt. James, 257. 
Jenings, Adam, petition of, 645. 
Jenison, Ald..Ralph, Mayor of Newcastle, 8 
PAA s aeae BOT of, 8. 
J ke Ant., 652. 
To , Augustine, 85. 
NSE > «+... Certificate by, 85. 
.., Dr. Leoline, 46, 471, 474, 475, 482, 
483 (2), 503, 514, 531. 
, letters of, 36, 115, 261, 482, 


Jennifer, Capt., of the Truelove, 390, 405. 
Jennings, Sir Edm., 136, 312. 


acbosach a een Letter OL, 202. 

Cias» seras Jonathan, brother of, 232, 
200050000 , John, 347. 

PEE , John, and partner, petition of, 645. 
devises , Sir Wm., 41, 45, 617. 

Eh sesen CANE Of, 215, 216. 

AOS sesey coeseey petition of, 216. 


Jephson, Eliz., petition of, 645. 

Jeremias, priest, 652. 

T > anas, brother of, 653. 

Jermyn, Henry, Earl of St. Alban’s, 15, 399, 
413, 495, 503, 514, 527, 628. 

Jermyn, Sir Thos., 592. 


Jersey, 132, 261, 460, 533, 641. 


AS , bailiffs and jurates of, grant to, 261. 
eaaa , condition of, 307, 497. 

.... earthquake felt at, 80. 
ARBRE .... Governor of, see Morgan, Sir Thos. 


....... letters dated from, 238, 276. 
seoseseesy Lieut.-governor of, see Manley, Capt. 
Rob. 


715 


Jersey—cont. 

ETEN , major of, 57, 341. 

soparo ni , natives of, 268. 

aenst > sseeeey fellowships for, 145, 154. 
reneis , Ships from, 265, 307. 

SE , viscount or bailiff of, 641. 
Jerusalem, traveller to, 93. 

Jessop, Wm., receipt by, 106. 

...„ Warrant to, 652. 

Jesuits, 619. 

Jesus, Oratoire de, congregation of, 579. 
Jevers, Wm., petition of, 127. 

Jewel House, see Charles II., household of. 
Jews, the, 413, 477, 493. 

Joblin, informer, 420. 

Joeuties, Peter, 498. 

John, King, alluded to, 140. 

John, Walter, 603. 

Johnson, Ant., 95 


900008004 , Capt. Ben., 496 (?) 

a AS , letters of, 192, 233, 265, 268, 
279, 287, 289, 294, 298, 301, 306, 310, 
321, 339, 579. 

OAA ; Te Ti 96, 1115 287; 

sesoeee--, Matt., clerk of the patents, 39. 

votes s s.c. letters of, 119, 196 (?), 292, 378. 

RA , bookseller, 353. 


deGatenss , carrier, 33, 236. 

Joli, M., letters of, 124, 156, 191. 

Jones, Arthur, second Viscount Ranelagh, 
135. 


casae , «+++, Katherine, wife of, petition of, 


, brother of, see Boyle, 
Roger, Earl of Orrery. 


Jones, Ayliff, solicitor, 225, 485, 500, 551, 
568. 

PAE, Eres lotter of, 193: 

E , Sir Henry, 250, 270, 281. 

En , Hugh, Vice-admiral, 433. 

mooti , Hugh, gamekeeper, 199. 

OT , John, of Bristol, 75. 

EAN > eee... inventory by, 78. 

amaai , Nath., petition of, 127. 

PG , Nich., 186. 

NS , Peter, 329. 

rea , Sir Sam., 594. 

AEDO , Thos., 455. 

AA , Wm., 360, 399. 

OSOD a family of, 360. 

Jordan, Sir a 557, 653. 

ER „ ee. ...; Joseph, son of, 557. 

Jovert, M., 324. 

Jowers, John, 150 (8). 


oe ee ee oosese 


RATE s =... Information by, 149. 
REAA -.... brother-in-law of, see Blosse 
Darcy. 


Juan, Don, see Austria. 


716 


Judges, or justices of assize, 189, 210, 223, 
236, 258, 414, 456, 467, 470, 495; see 
also Common Pleas and King’s Bench. 

Aceanoate > +... Veferences to, 113, 259, 453, 462. 

Julius Cesar, 351. 

Justices of assize, see Judges. 

ERROS of peace, 224, 243, 266, 290, 311, 403, 
425, 426, 456, 534, 562, 591, 595, 603, 
609 (2), 618; see also under the 
several counties. 

E AN , Act for, alluded to, 493. 

a Syot , order to, 412. 

aD . of sessions, 432, 466. 

Juxon, Dr. Wm., late Bishop of London and 
Archbishop of Canterbury, 424. 


vaeanndse > =... Certificate by, 609. 

PETELE SE , Sir Wm., Bart., 390. 

ae Vises) codec PCUILIONLOL. O40. 
K 


K. R., letter of, 525. 

Keeper, Lord, see Bridgeman, Sir Orlando. 

Keith [ George ], Earl Marshal of Scotland, 546. 

Kellinrough, alias Brereton Castle, co. Ches- 
ter, 594. 

Kelsey [Thos.|, former Governor of Dover 
Castle, 184. 

Kelsy, Capt. John, letters of, 593, 611, 618, 
622. 

Kelynge, Sir John, Lord Chief Justice of the 
King’s Bench, 156, 206, 346, 529. 


EA EA , letter to, 587. 

aae A osteo: , references to, and reports of, 
164 (2), 199, 379, 380, 387, 395, 487, 
510, 535, 544. 

ont ASCOT , warrants to, 290, 626. 


Kempthorne, Capt., or Rear-admiral John, 
325, 377, 393, 628, 630, 633 (2). 

Kemson, Rich., 279. 

Kendall, Capt., or Justice John, 490, 494, 535, 


572, 607. 
HCOGHEEAG aio , letter of, 548. 
E > s.. s» Letter to, 535. 


Kenilworth, co. Warwick, poor of, 241. 
Kensall, Ann, information by, 426. 
Kent, Rich., 154, 333. 
OSE , of Chatham, 250, 251, 258, 274. 
ORAT , Consul at Rome, 623. 

-.» of Woolwich, 171. 
Kent, 68, 370, 611, 613, 654. 
ank , assizes in, 386, 429, 611. 
Ea T , deputy-lieutenants of, 6, 556. 


ae ,J.P.s for, 241 (2), 320, 609 (2), 
614. 


wees s.. Lord Lieutenant of, see Finch, Earl 
of Winchelsea. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Kent—cont. 

seseoeseey Places in, 323, 347, 438. 

eames , receivers of, 493. 

peace ee , rectories in, 599, 604, 612. 

Er 2 residents in, 22, 241, 250, 384, 592. 

lastei , sheriff of, 429. 

SARNE , wool from, 128, 556. 

AEE , East, justices of, 6. 

ean salad s «see, traveller to, 424. 

Kentish Knock, the, ships off, 593, 605. 

Kerr, Charles, second Earl of Ancram, 368, 
401, 463, 474, 597. 

ERA , William, second Earl of Roxburgh, 
528. ; 

Kerrier, hundred of, co. Cornwall, 199. 

Kerrington, Capt., 186. 

Ketcher, Capt., 392. 

Ketcherley, Mr., 215. 

Kett, Rich., 308. 

Keurassoa, or Curagoa, ship from, 22. 

Keyt, Sir Wm., Bart., petition of, 645. 

Kidd, tailor, 488, 488. 

Kidwell, Nevill, petition of, 645. 

maah iaaa sesser Nevill, son of, 645. 

Kiggens, John, 85. 

Kilby, John, 341 (2), 418, 461, 562. 

Killigrew, Dr. Henry, 653. 

neas , Sir Peter, 648. 

EAT y seeeeey petition of, 645. 

a A , father of, 645. 


Do Thos, Groom of the Bedchamber 
and Master of the Revels, 127, 318 
410, 615, 648, 657. 


e ARN , letter to, 127. 

sarase s «s.es. petitions of, 318, 645. 
Oh , Sir Wm., letter of, 272. zi 
eaa > «+s... petition of, 129. 
spouses 9 sseeee) Statement by, 272. 
e a a Rates , Sir R., son of, 272. 
Kimbolton, co. Huntingdon, 471, 474. 
Ea , traveller to, 3. - 
King, the, see Charles II. 

Linea , the late, see Charles I. 

King, Henry, Bishop of Chichester, 2, 407, 522, 
EENES AAS , resignation of, 556. 

; ., Hugh, 581. 

reata LG Nyy 2! NY. 

TEOD ancend , petition of, 44. 

sevsscerey seoeeey Wife and children of, 44. 
REPE zaure Col., brother of, 44. 
Ronee > «esses, Other brothers of, 44. 
aan ...) Mr., of Coventry, 5, 47. 
Kingdon, Capt., 47. 

Kingroad, co. Gloucester, cavern near, 435 


aseeences , letters dated from, 12, 82. 

EGSA , Ships at or from, 15, 50. 

King’s Bench, court of, 347, 361, 652. 
e e... Information in, 594. 
EANA , justices of, 119, 185, 189, 190, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


King’s Bench, court of—cont. 

ao feet eres , Lord Chief Justice of, see 
Kelynge, Sir John.. 

EEN eee +s, prison of, 121, 176. 

ana y seeeeey prisoners in, 1, 44, 203. 

SACP CB SORES , proceedings in, alluded to, 384, 


Rae doetoneaewer >e... Warrant for stay of, 367., 

Kingsberry, Asting, see Kinsbury. 

Kingsley, Lieut.-Col. Wm., petition of, 646. 

King’s Lynn, see Lynn Regis. 

Kingston-on-Hull, see Hull. 

Kingston-on-Thames, Surrey, 96, 178, 374, 
646. ; 

eeose bailiffs, &c., of, petition of, 96. 

nE , vicarage of, 96, 98, 177, 184, 434. 

Kinsale, Ireland, 343. 

“otersiene’ , Alderman of (?), see Hutchinson. 

OSS , harbour of, 388, 447 (2). 

seoseeeee, letters dated from, 19, 26, 92, 144, 
207, 235, 249, 340, 348, 388, 394, 447 
(2), 623. 

asasta» , residents at, 54, 232. 

T , river at, 447. 

E Eneas , ships at, to, or from, 6, 12, 28, 53, 56, 
72, 92, 118, 144, 207, 283, 359, 394, 
552, 623. 

aAa , Ship wrecked near, 520. 


aaa Stores, &c., at, 8388 (2), 447 (38), 611, 
658. 


teresse; traveller to, 243. 

Kinsbury, or Kingsberry, Asting, or Austin, 
43, 179, 402, 571. 

Ea , tenders, &c., by, 635 (2), 636. 

Kiplin, merchant, 420. 

Kirby, Col. Rich., 629. 

Kirby, co. Northampton, residents at, 652. 

Kirk, Dorothy, 172. 

sevesesse, Greorge, 64, 102, 215. 

E ...„ timber merchant, 398. 

Kirkhoven, Charles Henry, Baron Wotton, 
199, 454. 

Kirkless, co. York, letter dated from, 272. 

Kirton, living of, 381. 

Knaresborough, co. York, lands, &c., in, 620. 

Ser AU Forest, 605. 

Knevett, Sir John, see Knyvett. 

Knight, John, letter to, 206. 

E sy eacute Wile Of, 206. 

POA > Sir John, 13, 491. 

aree vow » 2000, letters of, 32, 75> 78. 


eai esa , of Woolwich, 171. 
Knightley, Thos., letters of, 156, 161. 


Knowles, Mr., steward of Sir Edw. Nicholas, 
i7 


Knutsford, Cheshire, letter dated from, 45. 
Knyvet, or Knevett, Sir John, Bart., 242, 490. 
Konigsberg, Prussia, resident at, 356. 


717 


L. B., letter to, 134. 

Lamarre, Frances, letter of, 93. 

R e ChILdSOT, 93: 

Lambert, Jeremiah, affidavit by, 251. 
aaar , Col. John, 132. 


OT , deputy under-sheriff of Norfolk, 
535. 


Lambeth, Surrey, 184. 
OS House, 379. 
Lambry, John, 595. 
Lamplugh, Col. John, 222. 


R > vseeee, letters of, 66, 300, 497. 

Aspen , Thos., Gray’s Inn, 300, 497, 531. 

atioud ...., Thos., D.D., Dean of Ripon, 13, 24. 

KBE AE , Dr. Thos., of Oxford, 340, 358 (2), 
524, 530. 

EA eec letters oriol SON Sil, ool, 
366, 408. 

A S eeaeee PEtItION of, 340. 

aih EA , wife of, 151, 

seere ES Miss , father of, 151. 
jueenten’ > «seeee, Hdward, son’ of, 151. 
e aes , Mr., 231. 


Lamplugh, Cumberland, letters dated from, 
66, 300, 497. 

Lancashire, 70, 116, 194, 575. 

E , conventicles in, 655. 

PEER , fairs and markets in, 575. 

Lancaster, Duchy of, Chancellor of, see 
Ingram, Sir Thos. 


ES y esseet Jurisdiction of, 374. 

nioan mesmen Ands, Ger, Of, 620, 633% 

enas e OCO I OM Tis 

araar? s «e.s Office of, keeper of writings in, 
652. 

ROEN > «+... Fecelver-general of, see Curzon, 
Sir John. 

Ot E Pots oi , late, 36. 

AS s ss... rEVenues Of, 183, 403, 551. 

AE TOEA , seal of, 415, 443. 

Reece a SULVOYV OL Of, O80, 

Landguard Fort, Suffolk, 4, 7, 9, 29. 

Ue Slee n ance , Governor of, 2. 

SOHC .... Point, letter dated from, 377. 

Land’s End, Cornwall, ships off or to, 58, 331, 
343. 

Lane, Erasmus, testimony of, 539. 

aa , Sir George, 297, 366, 592, 640. 

Mo aaa letter Of, 022, 

e , John, certificate by, 85. 


Laney, Benj., Bishop of Ely, 414. 
Langbain, of Oxford, 49. 

Langham, Sir John, Bart., 441, 597. 
Langley, Rich., treasurer of the Levant Com- 
pany at Smyrna, 477, 478 (2). 

idsareneegicaeneyletver t0, 47.9. 


718 


Langley, Capt. Thos., 254. 

s... Certificate by, 254. 

hee ae letters torn 271 oaks 

eaea CAP ON. 

Langrack, John, 69. 

Langston, Capt. Ant., 322, 590. 

Langton Church, co. Leicester, living of, 413. 

Languages, history of, 65. 

Lannoy, Benj., consul at Aleppo, 481. 

, letters to, 101, 480, 598. 

Lansoare, co. Monmouth, resident at, 452. | 

Lanyon, John, 210 (2), 341, 370, 388. 

Seige ois s s.e. letters, &c., of, 188, 210, 400, 
423, 562, 568. 

Lapworth, Edw., 25, 33, 47. 

Lapworth, co. Warwick, rectory of, 599, 604. 

Larden, Rob., petition of, 646. 

Larkin, George, 133. 

Dee calacwamenenee , wife of, 133. 

Lascelles, or Lassells, Darcy, 145, 208, 272, 
333, 351, 375, 378. 


sssesossey 


oee a aee Information by, 2738. 
aR s eeose Wife Of, 145, 208. 
Reaves , Capt., 273. 


Lashlay, Scot, 273. 

Lassells, see Lascelles. 

Latin language, 469. 

seavaesuene cuss , books or documents in, 11 (2), 
14, 24, 30, 65, 74, 76, 103, 108, 149, 
189, 259, 268, 293, 312, 314, 467, 471 
(2), 510, 539, 559, 592, 598. 

wagniswenen teens , students of, 65, 229, 445, 482. 

Serbo a , verses in, 405, 467, 488. 

Landerdale: Earl of, see Maitland. 

Laugharne, Col. Rowland, 222. 

ss neses eresse petition of, 646. 

EAA sey seseeey family of, 646. 


Laurence, or Lawrence, Jos., 136, 267, 326, 
339, 376, 386, 427, 436, 437, 476, 499, 
504, 531, 534. 

ARAneos s «sees, Letters of, 370, 451. 


Laver, High, Essex, game at, 553. 
Lavington, Miles, jun., 44. 
Law, Civil, doctors of, 631. 


O NA , questions on, 405. 
E Courts, 438. 

Lawrence, David, 173. 

aS ooN , petition of, 154. 
Hadansone , John, 167. 

ELO Aoo , letter of, 402. 


sseeseeesy JOHD, of Norwich, letter of, 627. 
E h Jos., see Laurence. 
Lawshall, Suffolk, rectory of, 14, 30. 
Lawson, Admiral Sir John, 27, 363. 
Layfitt, Jacom, 559. 
Lazin, M. de, 283. 

u a es cneas WIGOW OL, 288: 
Den Sir John, 14. 
Leach, Thos., printer, 32, 107, 409, 411. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Lead, customs on, farm of, 136. 

eee ter , extraction of silver from, 333. 

sales. aise , ships laden with, 47, 68, 75, 143, 235, 
239, 307, 371, 396, 432 (2), 548, 579. 

Leadman, Mr., carver, 547. 

Leaf, Thos., 646. 

aR se. petition of, 646. 

Leafe, John, 179. 

Leake, Sir Fras., 606. 

Leake Chantry, letter dated from, 159. 

Leaman, Rich., 499. 

Leaver, Henry, sectary, 73, 77, 269. 

Lee, Slaughter, 507, 508. 

araa , Lady, 279. 

ERER , Mr. [Williamson’s servant], 458. 

Lee, Essex, fireship at, 38. 

Re ones , resident at, 38. 

Lee, the (river), 578, €00. 


.seeoeeeey Commissioners of Sewers for, 578, 
583. 


Leeds, executions at, 273. 
appbooon , Mayor and Aldermen of, 232. 


apioa .., residents at, 232, 273. 


Leeward Islands, ship from, 144. 

Lefevre, M., 324. 

Legard, Edw., 62. 

Legat, Consul George, 117. 

Legg, Wm., page of honour, 60, 635177, 384. 


enai , Col. Wm., lieutenant of ordnance, 83 
(2), 96, 112, 138, 521 (2), 526. 

iaeaea s seeeeey Certificate by, 611. 

a E , payment to, 258. 

seenennes > arnee George [? son of ], 526. 

Leghorn, Italy, 40, 92, 157, 204, 455, 477. 

airas , agent at, 226, 506. i 

Aee a , consul at, see Clutterbuck, Thos. or 
Sir Thos. 

DE » Governor of, 508. 

A, , lawyers in, 507. 

Eea ES AE dated from, 264, 455, 488, 507, 

23. 


seossesaey Navy supplies at or near, 58, 79, 226, 
264 (2), 265, 431, 534, 544. 

asos .., Ships at, 40, 180. 

sing newts , Ship of, 477, 479. 


ankea , Ships to or from, 72, 107, 117, 163, 
180, 186, 219, 221 (8), 269 , 292, 360, 
432, 484, 507 (2), 522, 559, 578. 


Berenice , travellers to or from, 279, 351, 357, 
495, 523. 


ati ++. Road, letters dated from, 106, 116. 
eak seers SMID IN LOG: 

Legree, Chas., 624. 

Leicestershire, game in, 595. 

ANE .., living in, 418. 

ona , resident in, 39. 

A , sheriff of, 304, 308, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Leigh, Sir Thomas, Lord Leigh of Stone- 
leigh, 208. 


soets , aunt of, see Dudley, Alice, 
“Duchess of Dudley. 


Leigh, Rob., of Dublin, 15, 557 (?), 571 (?). 

PERT aE AOA uae 

RAN , Mr., 489, 560 (?). 

Leighton, Rob., Bishop of Dumblane, 456. 

eewewantie > Mr., 475. 

Leith, Scotland, ships of, to, or at, 
183, 337. 

Lemkes, John Johnson, 525. 

Lemon, Mr., 539. 


Lennard, Francis, Lord Dacre, executors of, 
633. 


Lenox, Duke of, see Stuart. 

Lenthall, Sir John, warrant to, 121. 

Leonard, Dame, 366. 

Leslie, Rob., 498. 

Lesly, John, Earl of Rothes, as Lord Chan- 

cellor of Scotland, 528 (2), 538, 546. 

esere ceraus SIP Mature, OF 626. 

Lester, Mr., see Lister, Thos. 


L’Estrange, Roger, Surveyor of the Press, 
315, 446 (2), 632, 654. 


SAR ARIOND Sree letter On 133. 

e atah Eora , petition of, 393. 

Letter Office, see Post Offce. 

Letters, miscarriage, &c., of, see Postmasters. 
eers , treasonable, 316. 

Levant, the, 292, 455, 599. 

AEE . merchants, 599. 


Jacana or Turkey Company, 166, 477-480, 
559, 618, 630. 


.»e, charter of, alluded to, 196, 240. 


Governor of, see Riccard, Sir 
INOT 


E RE , letters of, 349, 362,476-481,525, 
598, 618. 


Mast a , officers of, 196, 480. 
petites sees . petition of, 646. 
ncdonen00 65000 ., Secretary of, Evans, M., 617. 


e A , treasurers of, see Langley, Rich., 
and Hedges, Wm. 


Leveston, Lady, daughter of Duchess Dudley, 
241. 


Levett, Wm., 609. 

ETET ila ae , petition of, 609. 

Lewin, Sir Justinian, 537. 

seals » Dr., son of, 221. 

Lewis, Dr. Henry, 311. 

seen y «+... John, son of, petitions of, 311, 


ser eeeee 


132, 174, 


ereeeeene wee 


RETTE 


ee HICH. a EOE Wilts, 535, 
DOO > seeeeey TEqUEsSt by, 657. 

., Rich., minister, petition of, 647. 
eoat , Thos., 19, 226. 
Toara odoo , accounts by, 458 (2). 
ATEON , certificate by, 588. 


ea ee eo OLOTE EO 7A 200 21A 220, 
226 (2), 248, 377, 566, 601, 


719 


Lewis, Thos.—cont. 

letters to, 458 (2). 

Roane: , Thos., sheriff of Notts, 608. 

Boao , goldsmith, 515. 

Lewsley, Thos., 392, 397, 416, 436, 534, 540, 
594. 

DODAS y «s... CONtract with, 636. 

Lewthwayte, Rich., M.A., 333 (8), 341. 

Lewyns, Justinian, 448. 

Lexington, Lord and Lady, see Sutton. 

Ley, James, first Earl of Marlborough, late 
Lord Treasurer, 442. 


eese , James (his great-nephew), third Earl, 
442 (2). 

OAA , William, fourth Earl, 237. 

.. petition of, 442. 

Leyden, Holland, letter dated from, 197. 


Leyonberg, Sir John Barkman, Swedish 
Resident in London, 369. — 


Libanus, Wenceslaus, 311, 315. 
O eee entesa POAGON Of, S1 
Licences to Travel, see Passports. 


Lichfield and Coventry, Bishop of, see 
Hacket, John. 


LENO Cathedral, Wellington prebend in, 91. 
ark Close, letter dated from, 456. 
“oncacoor Dean of [Thos. Wood], 64. 
Lichfield, co. Stafford, 33, 486. 

., Hospital of St. John the Baptist at, 91. 


eee ee eeey sssoooy 


PAEAN s eeen Chapel of: g1. 

sarar sai pases MaSter of, 64. 

i t , letter dated from, 262. 

Liddell, Capt. George, 18, 96, 121, 160, 548, 
552. 

JOGOO es , letters of, 2 (2), 12, 99, 117 (2), 


123 (2), 153, 158, 160, 174, 178, 185, 

351, 359, 370, 427, 445, 447, 451, 457, 
566, 580, 586, 591, 594, 595, 601, 606. 

oar , Sir Thos., 420. 

Liège, person at, 647. 

Lieutenants of Counties, Lord and Deputy, 
see under the several counties. 

Lightfoot, John, 643. 

SS s s... Sister-in-law of, 643. 

sie T RICH S79; 

Lighthouses, 461, 629. 

Ligny, or Ligne [Claudius Lamoralius], 
Prince de, 11, 333. 

Lilburn, Col. (late), 641. 

Lilburne, John, of London, 638. 

Limerick, Bishop of (late), see 
William. 

Limerick County, Ireland, lands in, 278. 

Linby, Paul, 397. 

Lincoln, Earl of, see Clinton. 


Fuller, 


.seeee «ey Bishop of, see Fuller, Wm. 
ET «sees. (late), see Sanderson, Rob. 
ABU ...., Archdeacon of, 599. 

e.e... archdeaconry of, 262, 275. 


Lincoln, letters dated from, 236, 307, 449. 
Lincolnshire, 211, 450, 549, 615. 
cseoveeeey GEputy-lieutenants for, 582. 


720 


Lincolnshire—cont. 

aereo; lands or estates in, 64, 337, 645, 648. 

Galen's ws) places in, 108, 130, 579. 

sausso rectory, XC in, 582, 578. 

DA , residents in, 25, 44. 

EREA , sheriff of, 78. 

Lindhurst, Hants, house at, 153. 

Lindloff, Capt. Jonas, 213. 

Lindsey, Earl of, see Bertie. 

Lindzey, Thos., 564. 

Linen cloth, ships laden with, 148, 212, 446, 
473, 565. 

Lingard, Dean, 432. 

Lingen, Germany, 214. 

Linlithgow, provost of, 40. 

Lionne, M. de, 266. 

Lipari, island of, 590, 603. 

Lisbon, 20, 88, 234, 473. 

E consul at, see Maynard, Thos. 

ER , letters dated from, 439, 487 (2), 494, 
630. 

meei , packages for, 4, 5, 15. 

EOE , river of, Tagus, 375. 

ea AES , rock of, 251, 440. 

A , ships to or from, 18, 111, 194, 196, 
201, 205, 207, 209, 229, 240, 241, 266, 

, 268, 307, 371, 394, 404, 439, 458. 

aona , soldiers from, 15, 18, 20. 

AE , stores, &c., to or from, 401, 414, 439, 
449, 487. 

Lisle, France, 5, 6, 614. 

aaa ane , Commissioners at, 375. 

ER , letter dated from, 614. 

Lister, Mar., certificate by, 25. 

deondogat , or Lester, Thos., 606, 622. 

aeut Es > eseeeey letter of, 630. 

RA , Wm., 80, 592, 606. 

Littlefield, George, 482. 

Littleton, Sir Chas., 2, 9, 271, 343. 

aaaea , James, petition of, 642. 

EE , Sir Thos., 94, 271. 

a a , as Navy Treasurer, 56, 83, 181, 
183, 184, 197, 262, 290, 304, 403, 542, 
553. 

ACO Pah AA , warrant to, 252, 

LISAA , Mr., 274, 534. 

Liverpool, persons in, 254. 

aN , Ships of, 54, 324. 

aaa .., Ships to, 54, 428. 

Livesey, Sir Mich., 185. 

Livingston, James, Earl of Newburgh, 518, 


`~ 


607. 
Lizard, the, Cornwall, 234, 493. 
IPE , ship from, 587. 
essare Ships off, 831, 447. 
sssooeseey Ships wrecked at or near, 101 (2); 


102, 104, 111, 163, 542, 550, 555. 
Llanden, Sir Phil., 645, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Llanelly, co. Carmarthen, ships lost near, 25, 
530. 

Llanvilling, co. Montgomery, 365. 

ssssesevey Dailiffs, burgesses, &c., of, 417. 

burgesses and inhabitants of, 587 (2). 

, petition of, 364. 

, charter of incorporation for, heads of, 

417. 

Bobareccon incorporation of, 364, 587. 

Llanyfydd, North Wales, resident at, 565. 

Llay, the, co. Denbigh, letter dated from, 252. 

, resident at, 240. 

Llewellin, Rich., 606. 

Llewellin’s boy, 656. 

Lloyd, Sir Chas., Bart., 595. 

AE , Sir Godfrey, 608. 

arara > Dr. John, 508. 


EN , Lodowick, Commissioner 
counts, letter of, 428. 


A , Thos., 47, 445, 543. 
conden spent Letter or A45, 
O Capt., 381. 
RN sarea WILE Of, RSSI 
Nae , Capt. (with Sir Thos. Allin), 181. 


Locke, Capt. Thos., letter of, 173. 
Lockhart, Rich., 633. 

mahet pene letten Of, 689 

aan aia > veeeeey petition of, 634. 
Loddington, co. Leicester, lands of, 39. 


E OE , co. Northampton, letter dated from, 
481. 


Ta > e... residents at, 39; 499. 

Loder, Mary, letter of, 204. 

Lodge, Morgan, 209, 244, 375. 

Aite eie ras «i letters of, 72, 88, 209, 271, 276, 
318, 324, 329, 331, 575, 578, 579, 585, 
592. 


RA sess lists of ships by, see Downs, 
ships 1 in, lists of. 


Loe, Martin, 480, 598. 

Loire, the, river, 168. 

London, Sam., 228. 

London, Bishop of, see Henchman, Humphrey. 

London, or the City, 5, 98, 115, 138, 159, 164, 
176, 208, 210, 237, 247, 267, 369, 373 
(2), 397, 419, 420, 437, 517, 551, 578, 
594, 611, 658. 


SE , aldermen of, 437, 616 (2), 657; see 
also Lord Mayor and aldermen. 


ES , apprentices of, legacy to, 176. 

REAN , archers and archery in, 29, 45. 

nI , bills of mortality, burials, and christ- 
enings in, 126, 637. 

eerste , chamberlain of, 138. 

eet , churches of, 657. 

Renee ... Citizens of, 308. 

sauis .., City of, 616. 


ranh >.. Case Of, with farmers of hearth 
money, 138. 


RINE, y «eee, freedom of, 240, 
Can aaar ceecee JUCISdICHOD ON 2436 


ee | 


of Ac- 


GENERAL INDEX. 


London, City of—cont. 


eee en eee 


wee ee weeny 


wee weweens 


ssssssssoy 


ETETTTETT] 


steer eens 


sess weeny 


ERETTI] 


ETETETT 


sesesessey 


See) 


et eee teary 


sssssssssy 


EREE EEET) 


ee) 


, petition of, alluded ye 290. 
: City Companies of, viz. 
Barber Surgeons, 596. 
aieea , governors of, 623. 
Hall, 424. 
Booksellers, 315. 
Brewers, petition of, alluded to, 162. 
Glovers’ Hall, 32. 
Horners, 108. 
Needlemakers, 266. 
OS ONS , charter of, alluded to, 266. 
Parish Clerks, reports by, 126, 637. 
Patten-makers, 330. 
A , petition of, 330. 


Pewterers, master, wardens, &c., of, 
letter to, 56. 

Stationers, 37, 353, 446. 

grant or patent to, alluded 
to, 280 (2), 539. 

Saisie sissies , master, wardens, &c., of, 
warrant to, 266. 


wee eeennny 


EERTE) 


pecan , warden of, 37, 280, 353. 
Wheelwrights, incorporation of, 583. 
, coaches from, 257, 369. 
Commissioners of Bankrupts for, 245. 
Commissioners of Customs in, letter 
to, 651. 
Common Council of, 616. 
, letter to, 459. 
Common Councilmen of, 616 (2). 
correspondents in, 104, 420. 
Datch congregation in, 369. 
frero o S laoyls4, 176, 198; 
281, 551, 622. 
committee for, 256. 
Ra the ss , losses occasioned by, 53, 403, 
433, 463, 581, 650, 657. 
French Church and congregation in, 
201, 261, 369, 655. 
, letter of, 655. 
OSa , ministers of, 655. 
Gazette, see Gazette. 
goods in, for, or from, 4, 130, 144, 
161, 196, 266, 344, 481, 492, 574. 
J.P.s for, 290, 311, 595. 
lands in, 66, 73. 
letters, &c., dated from, 5, 16, 19, 32, 
74, 95, 101 (4), 105, 125, 140 (2), 148, 
188, 200, 205, 226, 232, 254, 264, 287, 
294, 316, 357, 363, 367, 401, 453, 467 
(2), 474, 476-484, 495, 501, 513, 516, 
525, 543, 555, 560, 567, 570, 590, 605, 
627. 
, alluded to, 55, 438. 
letters addressed to, 87, 157. 


Lord Mayor of, see Turner, Sir Wm., 
and Sterling, Sir Sam. 


79380. 


721 


London—cont. 


re) 


see eeneee 


ERETTILE] 


OEETEEET 


EEETEETT 


sesssssso 


Leeeeeeey 


see reweee 


Lord Mayor and aldermen of, 217 (2), 
369. 


R , instructions to, 616. 

, letters to, 459, 616. 

loyal officers in, 124, 195, 212. 

, mails to and from, 141, 142. 

, merchants, &c., of, 15, 109, 238. 250 
bee 291, 379, 386, 433, 452, 526 (EDI 


, 583, 600. 
Eein , depositions of, 206, 337. 
T , ships belonging to, or bought 
by, 77, 210, 638, 639. 
, militia of, 653. 
y nik , lieutenants of, list of, 598, 653. 


, ministers of, paper concerning, 657. 


, money paid, or to be paid in, 444, 
445, 493. 


North of, water for, see New River. 


, persons absent or distant from, 1, 151, 
153, 470, 474, 483. 


aalit , persons in or about, 123, 179, 188, 


see eeeeee 


sete neeee 


197, 233, 329, 352, 426, 447, 497, 529, 
593, 613, 633. 


, plague in, committee for, 256. 
, plots in or against, 273, 316. 
, port of, 291. 


aeai: p... COllector or receiver in, 353, 
459. 
capris , waiter’s places in, 43 (2), 182, 
267, 368. 


eee seeres 


, post labels from, 471, 472, 492. 


O , Prize Office and Commissioners in, see 


seososeeoy 


ssesosess 


ssssesssey 


EERTE EEE 


seossrresy 


Prize Office, and Prizes, Lords Com- 
missioners of. 


, rebuilding or repair of, 167, 288, 290, 
291, 358, 622. 

receivers in, 640. 

. Recorder of, see Howell, Sir John. 

, residents in or near, 38, 87, 154, 
206, 240, 337, 373, 437, 552, 638 (2), 
642 (2). 

, sheriffs of, 401, 437, 587. 

Panes , warrants to, 99, 178, 201, 211, 
213, 327, 829, 361, 408, 427, 450, 626. 
, ships of, or Londoners, 90, 93, 95, 99, 
110 LUIZ) A MLE LIS 4S 63; 
170, 178-180, 193, 195, 207, 209, 210, 
262, 279, 289, 296, 324, 327, 336, 337 
(3), 358, 373, 381, 384, 390 (2), 409, 
440, 453, 475, 482 (2), 497, 503, 520, 
523, 528, 545, 548 (2), 550, 552, 578, 
580, 585, 589, 590, 614. 
ships to or for, 8, 15, 122 (2), 144, 
219, 228, 235, 239, 244, 273, 275 (2), 
285, 293, 294, 296, 303 (2), 339, 388, 
394, 399, 445, 446, 511, 550, 560, 583, 
590, 616. 

, ships from, 57, 59, 81, 144, 293, 321, 
357, 459. 

streets and pavements of, Surveyor- 
General of, 498. 


ZZ 


722 


GENERAL INDEX. 


London—cont. 


, Streets, parishes, &c., in :— 


Ailesbury House, 656. 


Artillery Ground, artillery in, store- 
house at, 41. 

Arundel House, 79, 488. 

Menane , porter at, 490. 

Bartholomew Lane, see St. Bartholo- 
mew. 


Bedford Street, letter dated from, 
604. 


Bethlehem, churchyard near, 46 (?). 
Bishopsgate, 646. 


OS Street, Post Offce in, see 
Post Office. 


ENR , St. Botolph’s in, 646. 
Blackwell Hall, 699. 
Broad Street, 61, 316. 


Brooke House, Holborn, Commis- 
sionets at, see Accounts, Commis- 
sioners of. 


wane ... books at, 460. 


Deaan , letters dated from, 162, 223, 
316, 358, 407, 428, 440, 458, 503, 
521. 


Chancery Lane, 250. 
Charing Cross, Green Mews at, 424. 
Charterhouse, see Charterhouse. 


Christ’s Hospital, President and 
Governors of, 155. 


Church Side Alley, 373. 
Clerkenwell, 235. 

Reena , St. James’s church in, 110. 
Covent Garden, 488. 

EGOA , letters dated from, 393, 401. 
e ao , St. Paul’s parish in, 73, 306, 


ehea » York Street in, 275. 

Cripplegate, 310. 

Crutched Friars, 227. 

Custom House, sce Custom House. 

Denmark House, see Somerset House. 

Drury Lane, 55. $ 

ethes , Hercules Pillar in, 388. 

ET O , letters dated from, 81, 158, 
888, 554. 

Duke’s Theatre, 648. 

Durham Yard, 206, 233. 

Ely House, 62. 


Essex House, letters dated from, 102, 
408, 501. 


MEAR , porter of, 590. 

Exchange, 402. 

Excise Office, 66, 73. 

Exeter House, letters dated from, 
66, 193, 238. 

Fetter Lane, 132, 373, 486. 

Fleet Prison, prisoners in, 102, 648. 

Fleet Street, 315, 632, 641. 

Goldsmith’s Rents, 486. 


London, streets, parishes, &c., in—coné. 


Goring House, 297, 372, 409. 
dwatesaaee , letter addressed to, 281. 
EEE N , letter dated from, 297. 
Gray’s Inn, 202, 300, 531. 
T , barrister of, 82. 
Gresham College, 511. 
Guildhall, 645. 

Hatton Garden, 269. 

Holborn, 182, 425. 


ean , letter dated from, 583. 

ERER , Brooke House in, see Brooke 
House 

EREA , St. Andrew’s church in, 573. 

E , St. Giles’s church in, see 
St. Giles. 

SABAS OnE , Southampton Buildings in, 


Houndsditch, Globe Tavern in, 426. 
Letter Office, see Post Office. 
Limehouse, 299. 

Limehouse Fields, 629. 

Lincoln’s Inn, 430, 607. 

T , chambers in, 69 (2). 
aS , Council of, order in, 69. 


sdochoast , Master of the Bench of, 
letter to, 68. 


son00u6 .. paper dated from, 69. 

Sasa , reader in, 68, 69. 

London Bridge, 409. 

Mark Lane, 417. 

eetere , letter dated from, 617. 

Marylebone, parish of, 647. 

Milford Lane, 203. 

Newgate Prison, keeper of, 125. 

Teu , prisoners in, 127, 156, 161, 
164, 203, 206, 211, 256, 428, 450, 
460, 467, 643, 647. . 

Siasii >, St. Sepulchre’s Without, 176. 

Newport Street, 186. 

Northumberland House, letter dated 
from, 486. 

SoN, , porter at, 418- 

Old Bailey, convictions at, 99, 125, 
173, 201, 211, 213, 225, 321, 361, 
408, 409, 427, 450, 486, 514, 626. 

AE , Court at, 395. 


PEA Sessions, justices of, war- 
rant to, 432. 


Pall Mall, 74. 


A E , letters dated from, 135, 631. 
Petty France, 62. 
eN , letter dated from, 62. 


Post Office, see Post Office. 
Queen Street, 223, 567. 

senna , letter addressed to, 279. 
AEEA , letter dated from, 44. 
Ratcliffe, residents at, 195, 289. 
Royal Exchange, 73. 

St. Alban’s Street, 451, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


London, streets, parishes, &¢., in—cont. 
St. Andrew’s, Holborn, sessions of 
sewers for, 573. | 
St. Bartholomew’s Close, 38. 
Hospital, 139. 
aans , Governors of, 139. 
Lane, 66, 73, 649. 
St. Botolph’s parish, Bishopsgate, 
rector, &c., of, 646. 
St. Clement Danes, 233, 378, 403. 
St. Dunstan in the West, parish of, 
581. 


St. Giles’s Church, Holborn, or in 
the Fields, 175, 502. 


, almshouse near, 176. 
, gifts to, 175, 176. 
N , New King Street in, 278. 
St. James’s, 56, 271. 
, letter dated from, 328. 
, Mall House in, 167. 
Park, 274, 467. 
, under-keeper of, 275. 
St. John Street, 409. 
St. John’s, 656. 
St. Katherine’s, Tower, 492 (?). 
St. Martin’s in the Fields, church- 
wardeus and overseers of, 148. 
, petition of, 148. 


EEETEETTI 
EETETT 
EETETETTI 


sssesesse 


. Mary Woolchurch, rectory of, 
281. 


St. Paul’s church, rebuilding of, 310. 
Churchyard, 140. 
, Dean of, see Sancroft, Dr. 


sssssesse 
see eereee 


serene eee 


eeeeeres 


, former, see Donne, 


sessess sg soosoo 


Taaa prebend of, Chamberlain 
Wood, 190. 
aoee , prebends of, 586, 642. 


St. Peter’s[-le-] Poor, rectory of, 281. 


St. Sepulchre’s without Newgate, 
‘repair of steeple of, 176. 


Savoy church, 536. 

, fire at, 649. 

Simse , letter dated from, 405. 

Shoe Lane, 486. 

Somerset House, alias Denmark or 
Strand House, 278, 511, 514, 527, 
597 (2), 634. 

e aka , gardens, orchards, &c., of, 
511. 


see eeenee 


Samah anny AES CULE We a ws@ap lei 
essesssse 


seer eeeee 
sessseses 


, letter dated from, 98. 

eave ues , tennis court at, 597. 

Strand, 316. 

ON House, see Somerset House. 
Suffolk Street, 134. 

, letters dated from, 3, 93. 
Charter- 


Longla 


Sutton’s 
house, 


Hospital, see 


Lord, 


123 


London, streets, parishes, &c., in—cont. 


Temple, gates of, 409. 

EEA , members of, case of, with 
Lord Mayor, 243. 

, Inner, 430, 569. 

Ahe , letter dated from, 22. 

a S aee as anes Oo. 

aala , Paper Buildings in, 366. 

Temple Bar, 409. 

Thames Street, Three Cranes Wharf 
in, 451. 

Three-legged Alley, 486. 

Tothill Fields, 29. 

aeh Street, 181. 

Tower, the, see Tower. 

Tower Hill, guns to, 611 (2). 

Trinity parish church, 369. 

Turnstile, 629. 

West Harding Street, 486. 

Whitechapel, 310. 


onndoonde , church and rectory of St. 
Mary Matfellon in, 386, 399, 561, 
612. 


eee ee enee 


essees 


liberty, bailiff of, 156. 
EAA prison, letter dated from, 
E T , prisoner in, 156. 
, suburbs of, 498. 
, timber from orin, 171, 395, 489, 534. 
, town clerk of, Avery, Wm., 511. 
, tradesmen of, 151, 152, 280, 342. 
, travellers to or from, 1, 3, 14, 15, 17 
(2), 18 (2) 20, 22, 27, 67, 69, 71,7 
(2), 95, 123, 145, 164 (2), 165, 168, 169, 
173, 182, 194-196, 204, 208, 213, 214, 
222, 227, 235, 241, 242, 249-259, 259, 
271, 279, 280, 282, 285, 287, 295, 296, 
301, 304, 308, 309, 333, 335, 339, 342, 
343, 352, 354, 369, 383, 398, 399, 410, 
412, 430, 439, 446, 470, 472, 482, 483 
(2), 495-497, 502-504, 511, 512, 517- 
519, 527, 529, 582, 535, 554, 567, 568, 
584, 585, 589, 594, 604, 605, 608, 625 
(2), 647, 649. 
, workmen from, 67, 284, 354, 436. 


Long, Mary, petition of, 647. 


; , children of, 647. 

, Rob., 91. 

, Sir Rob., 6, 27, 131, 307. 

Pate , certificates by, 20, 105, 269, 
433, 442, 643. 

aA , house or office of, 243, 397. 

, «s+... Leference to, and report of, 327. 
, Walter, 267. 


Longden, co. Stafford, resident at, 465. 
Longford, Wm., letter of, 78. 
Longford, Middlesex, stream at, 508. 


nd, Chas., 226, 264, 508. 
ee , certificate by, 40. 


X 


Longueville, M., 432. 
Looe, Cornwall, postmaster at, 608. 


Capt., 266, 
ZZ 2 


724: 


Lords or Peers, House of, 131, 557 (2), 569; 
see also Parliament. 

AAAS adjournment of, alluded to, 544, 557. 

Ee , attendance of Commons in, 536 (2). 

O , journals of, 603. 

T , <... papers erased from, 131. 

saaeenens , <... Papers printed in, 536 (2), 557, 


Ath , jurisdiction of, 543, 550. 

sop600 C00 , messages from, 536-538. 

N , petitions to, 557, 603. 

a ae Ose Speaker of, see Montague, Earl of 
Manchester. 


Lieutenant, 
counties. 


Lorraine, Duke of [Charles Henry], 130, 155, 
169. 

seoeseveey Old Duke of [Charles III.], 255. 

Lorraine, Englishwoman in, 490. 

ASV , French forces to, 169. 

sagaia , letter dated from, 394. 

Lothian, or Edinburgh-shire, 
528 (2). 

‘Lotteries, 33, 51 (2), 167, 627. 

ban anoat , patentees of, request, &c., by, 217 (2). 

Lottery, Irish, for indigent officers, 137, 155, 
222, 300, 330, 335, 429, 430, 467, 497. 

EEEE Plate, for indigent officers, 51 (2), 52, 
195, 212, 310, 399, 514. 

S redee farming out of, 124. 


Sher , petitions for shares in, 52 (7), 

53 (4), 109, 130, 646. 

Aa > +... trustees or commissioners for, 
1, 4, 51-53, 89, 124, 212, 310, 365 (?). 

m letters, cues) of D2: O14, 


Lords see under the several 


regiments of, 


ssosseces 


roe > sseeee, Licence to, 273. 
BoA Oak, 51, 52, 222, 335, 482 (2); 

489 (2) C), 514. 

Lovegrove, Rich., 620. 

Lovelace [Anne], Lady, wife of John, second 
Baron Lovelace, 137. 

Lovelace, Col. [Fras.], 489. 

sensies JO DLI 

Lovett, Thos., B.A., 308, 353, 356. 

Low Countries, see Netherlands. 

Lowen, Gaskyn, 539. 

Lowestoft, Suffolk, merchants of, 638. 

Lownes, Thos., account by, 53. 

Lowther, Sir John, 119, 642. 

Lue, Mrs. de, 172. 

Lucas, John, Lord Lucas, 414. 

Lucas, Sir Charles, 399. 

RoS Pae HODLOM BOO. 

E , John, 489. 

Thos., 95, 99, 466. 

EAA , of Portsniouth, 593. 

Lucian, allusion to, 301. 

Lucie, Jacob, 210. 

Luck, nonconformist, 516. 

Lude, Count de, 191, 


see eeeeee 


sesssessiy 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Ludkin, Chas., letter of, 7. 
Ludlow, Edm., sen., 132, 212, 246. 
E , Edm., jun., 132. 


aseoveuee , John, 125, 201. 

E , rzesy petition of, 164. 

ooh tie 5 ages , father of, 164. 

ae , Nath., 132, 212, 246. 

ab die’ , plotter, 273. 

Ludlow Castle, Salop, 644. 

SOR On DOE , garrison at, 644. 

Take Nich., 359. 

Lulman, Rob., 424. 

walters  «see+e, letters of, 424, 494. 

Lumley, Richard, Viscount Lumley, 624. 

Lumley, Sir Martin, 413. 

Lunatics, 84, 202, 566. 

Luneburg, Duke of, see Brunswick. 

Lunenburg, forces from, 22. 

Lutheran confession, followers of, 369. 

Lutterell, Jane, 346 (2). 

suonaens > casae Servants of, 346. 

Lydney, co. Gloucester, letter dated from, 147. 

SE sels , timber at, 653. 

e TA , traveller from, 173. 

Lyme Regis, co. Dorset, 413, 588. 

as , excise officer at, 240. 

aoaoot , harbour of, wreck near, 563. 

sais ones , letters dated from, 4, 8, 33, 79, 81, 88, 
99, 100, 152, 167, 169, 194, 209, 218, 
228, 240, 251, 262, 275, 293, 296, 317, 
348, 362, 394, 399, 413, 446, 473, 505, 
548, 550, 560, 563, 585, 590, 613. 

ships of, 8, 33, 79, 399, 484, 505, 548, 

550, 585, 608, 613. 

ships to or from, 8, 79, 81, 88, 99, 
100, 169, 194, 251, 275, 293, 296, 348, 
394, 399, 413, 446, 473, 484, 548, 585, 
590, 613. 

Lynn Regis, or King’s Lynn, Norfolk, 206, 
379, 558. 

stents ..., letters dated from, 206, 558. 

aerias , resident at, 304. 

einate ships to, 59, 166. 

EE , North, St. Edmond’s in, rector of, 213. 

bea Toh 647. 

, Alice, wife of, petition of, 647. 


wee eeeeeny 


re) 


M 


Macartney, Mr., letter to, 656. 
McCarty, Donogh, Earl of Clancarty, 347. 


N > Charles, Viscount Muskerry, 
Rien son, 347. 


wish , Frances, daughter of, 


Macdowall, Dr. Andrew, petition of, 647. 
Machon, John, 91. 


ase aise s sees, Thos., son of, 64, 91, 


GENERAL INDEX. 725 


Macido, Antonio de Sousa de, 620. 
Mackenny, Alex., petition of, 647. 
Mackworth, Sir Fras., regiment of, 567. 
Maddison, Jane, 657. 

Maddisons, family of, 657. 

Maddocks, Rob., contract with, 636. 


Teen EA , letter of, 220. 
Aa sarats Je,,Drother of, 220. 
h , Thos., 417. 


Maddox, or Madox, alias Morgan, Edw., 
115, 408, 456. 

Mading, Mr., 249. 

Madrid, travellers to or from, 69, 229. 

Mageer, Edw., letter of, 444. 

MaGinn, Father Patrick, 489, 496, 522, 581, 


595, 619. 
iisesneets seene Letter Of. 230, 
BONGOCS J seasea brother of, 230. 


Mahomet, 414. 


Maidstone, Kent, 50, 299, 476, 498, 515, 534, 
574. 


sess + sey assizes at, 241, 242, 319, 476. 
este es gaol, prisoner in, 319, 386. 


Bathe aes , letters, &c., dated from, 74, 188, 241, 
386, 462. 


earan ee , timber at, 519, 545, 568, 574. 

Mails, arrival and departure of, 45, 86, 125, 
141 (2), 142, 257, 305, 350, 391, 436, 
510; see also Posts, and France and 
Flanders, mails to and from. 


EN , delay of, 17.. 
A , robbery of, 525. 


Maitland, Jobn, Earl of Lauderdale, 3, 422. 

ETAN , as Lord Commissioner to Scot- 
land, 527, 528, 538 (2), 546 (2), 566, 
567, 626. 

E > anness letter of, 592. 

S a aaa FEDOTE DY, 114; 

aE resents , Speech of, 538. 

Majorca, island of, ship lost off, 235. 

Maker, co. Devon, vicarage of, 154, 173. 

Makernesse, Wm., 440. 


Malacaj [West Indies], town and castle of, 
481. 


Malaga, Spain, 86, 143, 484. 

s+e.eseee) English Consul at, 143, 560. 

secoeesey SHIpS at, to, or from, 15, 22, 31, 33, 
40, 54, 77, 95, 99, 101 (2), 149, 229, 
277, 285, 296, 550, 589, 602, 603, 610 
(2), 613, 616, 624, 628, 629. 

AANA Es , wine and fruit from, 613, 617, 633. 

Rees .... Road, letters dated from, 619, 627, 
629. 

a A wees, Ship to, 292. 

Malbourne, teacher, 387. 

Maldon, Essex, timber from, 409 (?), 504, 576, 
578. 

Mallas, Peter, certificate by, 74. 

Malling, Kent, 565. 

ecreeeesey letter dated from, 609. 


Mallott, Mr., 656. 


Malstron, port of, 118. 
Malta, Chevalier of, 298, 450. 


Saunton , consul for, 590. 

ésoudondd , ship to, 106. 

AAE .., travellers from, 298, 351. 

Mamble, co. Worcester, parish and church of, 
410. 

Man, John, J.P., 425. 

aerei: , Capt. John, letters of, 17, 118, 410, 
497, 5380, 545, 578, 603, 625. 

O , Wm. and George, 155. 

ansora , Wm., sen. and jun., 154. 

Man, Isle of, Bishop of, see Barrow, Dr. 
Isaac. 


Manacles, the, wreck near, 625. 

Manchester, Earl of, see Montague. 

Mandeville, Anne, Lady, see Montague, Ed- 
ase Earl Manchester, daughter-in-law 
of. 

Maning, shipmaster, 359. 

Manley; Fr., 501. 


Pe roo , Capt. Rob., Lieut.-Governor of Jer- 
sey, 429, 430, 438, 494, 517, 582. 

Aa s «e.s... Certificate by, 512. 

E r 3 -s.es letters of, 238, 276, 401, 438, 

459, 533. 

seonuaee EER , letter to, 511. 

R AAA , wife of, 238, 430, 494. 

EA > «e... daughter of, 2358. 

aa a... brother of, 238, 438, 459. 

a s seese family of, 459. 

leen , of Yarmouth, 387, 399. 


Mansalle, Simon, petition of, 647. 

Mansell, Chris., 273. 

Manser, Mr., of Petworth, 418. 

Mansfield, Lord, see Cavendish, Hen. 
Manton, Mr., nonconformist, 96. 

Mar, Earl of, see Erskine. 

March, Rich., Ordnance officer, certificate by, 


621. 
AO ae let ters to r 227 25AN OA 
ET , Rich., King’s servant, 314. 
Byeceeaes » «eee, petition of, 315. 
M j “eces grandson of, 314, 315. 


Marches, the, see Wales, Marches of. 

Marchington Ward, co. Stafford, ranger of, 
170. 

Margate, Kent, 59, 577. 

n Gaai Road, ship to, 38. 

Orn AES , Ships wrecked at, 199, 203. 

Mariners or seamen, clothes for, 505, 506, 
547. 

nae e drowned or lost, 72, 186, 198, 203 (2), 
206, 214, 221, 231, 375, 482, 520, 550, 
552, 563 (2). 

ehde , impress of, 12, 343, 348, 404, 547, 
558. 

OA > s.e... protection against, 343, 352. 


EDD , payment or wages of, 50, 72, 521 ; see 
also under the several ports. 


seveveses sosse aABkoed for, passim. 


726 


Mariners or seamen—cont. 


aiaro , petition of, 651. 

naia punishment of, 165, 658 (2). 

aoc sick and wounded, 85, 139 (2), 623. 

E , Commissioners for, 59, 162, 
242, 513 (?); see also Evelyn, J. 

as eae y eses money for, 242, 304. 

nenia tickets of pay for, 12 (2), 35, 160, 
260, 280, 454. -| 

aiae ask .. alluded to, 448 (2), 457, 620, 
659. 

e ET TEAS lists of, 659 (4): 

RARR vate Ailes money due on, 141. 

A E a , payment of, 389, 400, 427. 

ER EO a > sseeeey aSked for, 102, 110, 196. 

a En ene ; wanted, 50, 58, 117, 155, 188, 


205, 214, 246, 317, 322, 

381, 395, 409. 
aeaeaie want of, 16, 78. 
Markendaile, Rob., 342. 
Markham, Sir Rob., 582. 
Marlay, Sir John, letter of, 170. 
Marlborough, Earl of, see Ley. 
Marlow, Mr., 214. 


Marriott, Mr., of Hampton Court, 474, 475, 
` 488. 


o . Mr., of Thetford, 535. 

Marseilles, France, 103, 351, 560, 657. 

eese , Ships to or from, 221, 251, 283. 

Marsh, Barth., 175 (2), 230. 

Phil., 598. 

Rich., Ordnance officer, see March. 

aenar Thos., clerk assistant in Parliament, 
51, 124. 

Marshall, George, 273. 

Marshwood, co. Somerset, resident at, 346. 

Marson, Henry, certificate by, 179. 


Martin, Burridge, or Burrage, 490, 527, 535, 
589, 557, 571, 572, 607. 


350, 377, 380, 


seme ee eeny 


EETETETET] 


EAO seee Wormley, son of, 527, 539. 

aAA semanas Letter Of, 539% 

SCN COOK) Henry, 91 (3), 92. 

A Edeasar , examination of, alluded to, 
119 (?). 

Martin, Cape, letter dated from, 483. 

A , Ships to, 602, 608. 


Martinique, engagement at, 176. 


Mary, Queen, 364. 

AENA ., husband of, Philip II., King of 
Spain, 564. 
Masham, Sir Fras., Bart., 

Mason, Dr. Chas., 281. 

, Fras., letter of, 486. 

Shenae , John, timber merchant, 267, 299,339, 
370, 376, 386, 423, 427, 436, 451, 498, 
499, 519, 520, 528, 530 (2), 531, 534, 
545, 554, 566, 568, 575, 579, 580, 586. 

letters of, 74, 188, 886, 462. 

AAN y secera tenders by, 126, 635 (2), 636. 


553. 


see eeey 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Mason, John—cont. 
wife of, 74, 188. 
brother of, 462. 


ssssssy 


sessssssey 


Mr., 633. 

PEET Mrs. and her daughter, 479. 
Massachusetts, New England, masts from, 185. 
Massey, Sir Edw., 235. 

Massie, or Massey, Wm., 562, 582. 


EEETEETET] 


ntan pings , petition of, 581. 

Ea >... Wife and children of, 581. 
Massonnet, Peter, petitions of, 129 (2). 
seems s anes Wife 0f, 129. 


Master, Thos., 652. 
Masters, Sir Edw., 227. 
ooa , John, B.A., son of, 227. 


Mathew, John, clerk of the Privy Seal, 
account by, 390. 


EIA Dr. Rob., letter of, 614. 
RINA > «eeeeey Betty, wife of (?), 614. 
Mathews, James, estimate by, 246. 

sista ee , John, 302. 


Matson, John, Mayor of Dover, 279. 

Mattei, Charles, letter of, 631. 

Maulding [? Maldon], timber from, 409. 
Mauleverer, James, 416. 

Maurice, John, letters of, 38, 62, 66, 143, 184, 
345, 563, 608. 

Maxwell, Capt. John, petition of, 647.° 

May, Adrian, 508. 

, Baptist, Keeper of the Privy Purse, 
127, 163, 301 (2). 

a ene warrants to, 620, 653. 


booo Hugh, late paymaster of works, 63, 
163, 224. 


Dio on o , as comptroller of the works, 
245, 403, 615. 


, Mary, 63. 

ee ana ES, Justice, 574. 

Mayle, John, 28, 248, 276, 302, 322, 328. 

TON > nacese tenders by, 126, 636. 

Mayler’s Green, Essex, residents at, 649. 

Maynard, Thos., Consul at Lisbon, 18, 414, 

494. 

i , account by, 487. 

AAE > s... letters of, 439, 487. 

coachman, 346. 

Mayors, Rob., 452, 488, 497, 502, 

544, 554 (?), 601. 
Seance , certificates by, 63, 233. 
letters, &c. of, 6, 43, 179, 296, 
353, 389 (2), 406, 585, 621, 624. 

A, > «e... memoranda by, 216, 545, 598. 
EEEa > sses, Feport by, 494. 

_ Mazarine, Duke of [Philip Julius Mancini], 

407. 

Meade, David, petition of, 647. 


Meadowes, Sir Phil., letter of, 186. 


ETEETET 


EETTTTETT] 


526, 528, 


Feeney 


GENERAL INDEX. s 


Meadows, Sir Thos., 100. 

Meakins, Joan, 581, 582 (2).: 

Meanstock, Hants, residents at, 614. 

Mearne, Sam., King’s bookbinder, 37, 428. 

saae erasi » e.e... information, &c., by, 32, 280. 

Meath, Earl of, see Brabazon 

Medburne, Mat., petition of, 648. 

Medicine, Doctors of, see Physicians. 

sagged » questions on, 405. 

Medina Celi [ Anth. John VII.], Duke of, 143. 

Mediterranean Sea, ships or fleet for or in, 
233, 286, 288, 357, 378, 384, 385, 398, 
404, 438. 

Medway, the, or Chatham river, 253. 

3000000005 Dutch in, see Dutch fleet. 

sistrcesiae , Queen’s and James’ forts on, 129, 
364. 

inane » ships in, 6, 19, 227. 

eeds » «+... letter dated from, 29. 

noia , Ship wrecked in, 220. 

aeS , weighing of wrecks in, 2, 7, 66, 200, 
207, 271, 281, 302, 339, 344, 380, 400, 
406, 423, 443, 455, 476, 491, 493, 495, 
498, 499, 504, 515 (2), 554, 574, 584- 
586. 

Meeching, see Newhaven. 

Meetings, or Meeting-houses, see Conventicles. 

Mein, Rob., postmaster of Edinburgh, letters 
of, 40, 533, 570. 

Melmoth, Thos., 350. 

Melsam, cousin of H. Aldrich, 262. 

Mennes, Sir John, Navy Comptroller and 
Commissioner, 21, 66, 106, 164, 165, 
168, 226, 264, 339, 434, 443, 472. 

noes. z seese., account by, 237. 

papas , letters of, 32, 35, 46 (2), 50, 

144, 168, 213, 237, 319, 440, 630. 

AO , letters to, 152, 223, 349, 393, 


T ) »e.... proposals by, 120, 121. 


Mentz, see Metz. 
Merchant Adventurers, 559. 


Meran, English, 206, 235, 344, 493, 507, 
508, 595; see also London, merclfants 


of. 
POCOO p =... contracts with, 126, 636. 
B AT , goods of, 51, 144, 221. 
s . petitions of, 410, 642 (2). 
IER , Ships belonging to, 638, 639. 
ea e , tenders of, 126, 635. 
OAI foreign, 537, 560, 656. 
Meredith, Sir Amyas, 490. 
Merinviile, M., 488. 
Merrydon, John, M.A., 48, 50. 
Mersey, East, Essex, rectory of, 30. 
Messenger’s House, letter dated from, 277. 


Messengers, 37 (3), 121, 137, 166, 300, 358, 
374, 402, 523; see also Charles ms 
messengers of, and Bradley, Jobn; 
Dawson, John; Sumner, John; War- 
burton, John; and Wilson, John. 


Messiah, coming of the, 413. 


tere ane > 


727 


Messina, Sicily, English ships at, 106. 

Metcalf, Augustine, M.A., 527. 

Metz, or Mentz, Cay [Philip Charles ?] 
Bishop of, 619. 

AES , priest at, 619. 

Meurrill, Mr., discharge from, 175. 

Mews, Dr. P., President of St. John’s College, 
Oxon, ‘letter of, 40. 

decane de TS , letter to, 133. 

Mews, the, 526. 

Soa , letter dated from, 116. 

UNNS Blue, 136. 

Mexico, coin of, 480. 

Meynell, Isaac, 102, 258. 

Middleburg, ships of, 111, 299. 

Middle Grounds, sands called, 4, 621. 

Middlesex, Earl of, see Cranfield, Lionel. 

Middlesex, 97, 617, 634, 645. 

e , corporation for the poor within the 
weekly bills of mortality in, petition 
of, 634. 

RAA , J.P.s for, certificate to, 581. 

Rosnah , lands or estates in, 55, 323, 349, 592, 
614. 

eee «.. rectories in, 121, 148, 561. 

aH OSE , residents in, 233, 502. 

ma as tans , sheriffs of, 288, 587. 

AaS > ceeace Warrants to, 99, 211, 213, 327, 

Middleton, John, Earl of Middleton, late Lord 

Commissioner of Scotland, 276. 

aaee , as Governor of Tangiers, 54, 

292, 398, 431, 460, 463, 466, 470, 475, 

489, 612. 

AESi aaa enata CLLCE TOR LS T 

R treason sens 5 phere Lord Claremont, son 
oe 498, 

Middleton, Simon, petition of, 557. 

a , Col. Thos., Navy Commissioner and 

Surveyor, 56, 61, 71, 79, 147, 151, 182, 

185, 195 (2), 230, 284, 295, 348, 352, 

353, 360, 434, 458, 492, 494, 534, 545, 

565, 570, 576, 588, 601, 658. 

5 anon4 , accounts by, 150, 195, 510. 

, agreement with, 526. 

, wees, letters of, 21, 182 (3), 205, 214, 

220, 325, 512, 519, 520 (2), 523, 526, 

529, 530, 540, 551, 566, 568, 570, 575, 

577, 580, 584, 586, 604, 623, 658. 

, letters to, 7, 67, 69, 144, 147, 

192, 195, 205, 211, 220, 235, 249, 286, 

287, 295, 335, 338, 339, 359, 361, 462, 

476, 518, 528, 545, 554, 593, 605, 609. 

poor , memoranda &c. by, 141, 250, 


weer eweee 


se eeeeeee ’ 


618. 
Medecine ne > essc, Lequest of, 71. 
Ea esses Warrant Dy, 123. 
E A OEE 


, sir Thos., 271. 

REAS Mr., clerk of the Post Office, 51. 
Middlewich, co. Chester, toll at, 503. 
Midhurst, Sussex, timber from, 306. 


se eeeeeee 


728 


Midley, Kent, rectory of, 612. 
Milale, see Mill Hall. 
Milbeck, Cumberland, 231. 
Milbrook, Hants, residents at, 249. 
Mildmay, Benj., petition of, 557. 
e A , Henry, 94. 
P wee , <... petition of, 82. 
Miles, Wm., letter of, 596. 
Milford, servant, 95. 
Milford, co. Pembroke, letters dated from, 8 
(2), 14, 18, 27, 31, 36, 42, 54, 64, 88, 
91, 97, 99, 116 (2), 122, 149, 160, 183, 
191, 196, 204, 215, 228, 233, 246, 265, 
279, 289, 293, 300, 307, 328, 352, 357, 
367, 378, 384, 390, 394, 399, 404, 410, 
413, 463, 473, 502, 505, 513, 548, 552, 
580, 589, 617, 629. 
vaene , port or harbour of, 64, 97, 191, 204, 
215, 894, 410. 
EN , Ships at, 357, 367, 629. 
Rete Sire a , ships to or from, 8, 14, 54, 88, 174, 
183, 196, 228, 352, 384, 404, 413, 463, 
473, 513, 552, 578, 580, 589, 617. 
erator , travellers to or from, 399, 410, 502. 
Militia, the, Act for, see Scotland, militia for. 
eeaeee money, 341, 349. 
Mill, Rob., 40. 
Miller, Sir Humphrey, 361, 376, 384. 
SREO , John, churchwarden, certificate by, 
289. 
ana » Major John, 267. 
Millhall, or Milale, Kent, 384, 498, 545. 
Milston, co. Wilts, rectory of, 407, 412. 
Milton, Chris., J.P., certificate by, 150. 
Milton, Devon, house at, 643. 
Milward, Rob., made Commissioner of Privy 
Seal, 487, 514. 
ER , Judge, 199, 202. 
Minehead, co. Somerset, Comptroller of Cus- 
toms at, 184 (2). 
Meath cite , harbour of, fishing near, 62. 
TE , letters dated from, 38, 62, 66, 143, 
184, 345, 427, 563. 
5000000 , Ships at, to, or from, 184, 345, 377, 
384, 418. 
ERAT , Ships of, 567, 625. 
Ee , wrecks near, 563, 578. 
Mingoe, Wm., 584. 
Minorca, island of, Governors of, 546, 553. 
BRAG sires , Port Mohun in, see Port Mohun. 
Mint, the, affairs of, referees for, 80. 
O , assay masters in, 82, 124. 
DA , coinage in, 501. 
Eana h , gravers of, 270. 
nE , medal to be struck at, 652. 
Mitchell, Rich., 138. 
Mitton, Mr., 634. 
Moat, the, Kent, house called, 496. 
Mobileau, Gideon, 464, 521. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Modyford, Sir Thomas, Governor of J amaica, 
252. 


seein as RAS , wife of, 252. 
Mohun, Lady, 608. 
Molesworth, Col. Guy, 70, 194, 222, 240. 


ao y e... letter of, 482. 
OH ) «sense petition of, 648. 
E 5 ce.s... family of, 482. 


Molina, Condé de, Spanish ambassador, 97 
(2), 169 (2), 245, 348, 355, 357, 360, 
363, 366, 369 (2), 374, 377. 

Seeha aaeoa family Of, 355. 

Seca treser WILE OL 69). 

Monckton, or Montane, Sir Phil., Bart., 136, 
356, 416, 588, 656. 

Moneys, false, see Coinage, counterfeit. 

Monk, George, Duke of Albemarle, 8, 14, 136, 
355, 441, 482, 485, 535, 578, 645. 


s ea: +... aS Lord General of the Forces, 
11, 58, 62, 87, 328 (?), 474, 483, 556, 
653. 

EO j tevesey menr Quards or regiment of, 
see Army 

satai y e. aS Treasury Commissioner, 240. 

n sarees Chaplain Ori iseen TEACO T Drs 
Jobn 

bobga » eevee Grant to, 349. 

NE a ) «sees, instructions by, 139. 

A j acars detter of, 119) 

ssessescey scoe e> lotters to, 90) 975 31739601996; 

ANTA sasea orders of, alluded to, 15, 356. 

ate dee als s seeveey pass by, 129. 

oie h Sannas, plot against, 273. 

Sk seine z ies. LeLerence to, 128) 

sedate > +... religious opinions of, 519. 

PR RAe sy se) «ey Warrants to, 419, 445. 

desea eneen Ann, wife Oof ohOs 

ee aa 9 weaves ces ETOL ORI M 


Monmouth, Duke of, see Scott, James. 

Monmouthshire, deputy-lieutenants for, 451 
(2), 500. 

NE , receiver for, 129. 

n , sheriff of, 35, 247. 

Monson, or Mounson, Sir John, K.B., 130, 
335, 656. 

Montague, Edward, second Earl of Manches- 
ter, Lord Chamberlain of the House- 
hold, 11, 244, 357, 474, 475, 486, 517, 
647, 653. 


PET seee AS Chancellor of Cambridge 
University, 276, 293, 321 (2), 344, 
380, 439. 

N y naemen, meee letters. Of 48, L05224; 
229, 290, 293, 372, 411, 440. 

a OT , as Speaker of the House of 
Lords, 135. 

tunnen iS y s.s. Certificate by, 63. 

T s eataa DOTO DY. S09. 

OAT s sseeeey Teference to, 453. 

eunen sey ose e Warrants to, 70, 245, 266, 516, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


~ 
Montague, Edward, Earl of Manchester—cont. 
RE haces , daughter-in-law of, Anne, Vis- 
countess Mandeville, 367. 
EE T , Edward, Earl of Sandwich, Master 
of the Wardrobe, 1, 3, 94, 217, 225, 
363, 542. 
CEET , as ambassador to Spain and 
Portugal, 54, 191, 192, 217 (2), 304, 
336 (3), 511. 


EA eee ACCOUNTS OL S86. 

sabato peas letter of, 25.4. 

eanan eass Feport by, 364. 

eesse eree eesse Warrants for payments to, 96, 
161, 270, 454, 587. 

PT S. , warrants to, 267, 597, 653. 

HEC DUAR > = Edward, Lord Hinchinbrooke, 
his son, 192, 454. 

AA , Edward, Lord Montague of Boughton, 


letter of, 33. 


Montague, Ralph, Master of the Horse to the 
Queen Mother, 215 (?). 


apoio > <... aS ambassador to France, 124, 
189, 230, 297, 301, 474 (?), 475, 483, 
494, 503, 533. 

ENEs SiS e ea Walrant to, 610. 

cites «+, Thos., petition of, 648. 

aeaee , «see, Francis, brother of, 648. 

l eis , Abbot Walter; almoner to the Queen 
Mother, 255, 503, 550. 

Montane, see Monckton. 

Montefuse, ship to, 602. 

Montferrat, Italy, resident at, 74. 

Montgomeryshire, places in, 364, 417, 587, 

seeteeistees , sheriff of, 595. 

Montpelier, France, letter dated from, 167. 

Montserrat, West Indies, ship to, 22. 


Moorcock, Capt. Edw., 344, 386, 409, 493, 
498, 504, 512, 515 (2), 584, 594. 


RSR peeks, ACCOUNT DY, 281. 
eee aa letters OF 25min 20,049, 6 O05 6d), 


92, 144 (2), 189, 200, 207, 271, 302, 


808, 316, 339, 344, 351, 359, 363, 380, 
393, 406, 423, 443, 455, 495, 585. 

AZOO oaaao , Dote by, 460. 

Eross , Edw. and Wm., tender by, 635. 

seeeeseee, Or Morecock, John, jun., 260, 280 (2), 
281 (2), 540, 580. 

OEA , se... tenders by, 126 (2). 

eeose na Rob., contract with, 636. 

Moore, Fras., 56, 70. 

pe ees sete y seeeeey petition of, 55. 

DD , George, 337. 

L... Jobn, 344, 493, 498, 515 (2), 584, 
594. 

Paty ae accounts. DY, 271, 281. 

E, e agreement by, 526. 

rere » «eee, letters of, 2, 7, 20, 49, 66, 88, 
92, 144 (2), 189, 200, 207, 271, 302, 
808, 316, 339, 344, 351, 359, 363, 380, 
393, 406, 423, 443, 455, 495, 585. 

<... nOte by, 460. 


eeoesverry 


729 


Moore—cont. 
EA , Jonas, ordnance officer, 347. 


DEIS S , as ordnance master or surveyor, 
429, 455, 616, 617. 


Sonce SE s aeiia Certificate by, 621. 
ES ea s seeeeey letters of, 24, 162, 264, 593, 


E > seeeee, Statement by, 616. 

eee. , Thos., 422, 470. 

eae hones y serene) petition of, 467. 

Hiei aoe , Walter, 189. 

, petition of, 189. 

ateatieieat , Mr., author, 342. 

Moorhay Walk, Rockingham Forest, 353. 
Moorhouse, or Morehouse, John, 353. 


senate > «see, letters of, 69, 96, 185, 249, 352, 
558. 


Moorish boy, 234. 

Moors, the, 163, 213, 238, 473, 628, 632 (3), 
633 (2). 

Moravia, native of, 311. 

Mordant, Capt., 95. 

Mordaunt, Henry, Earl of Peterborough, 196. 


hke > +++... aS Lord Lieutenant of co. North- 
ampton, 294. 


ETETA A , John, Viscount Mordaunt, his 
brother, 12, 18, 43 (2), 563. 
E REENA saene letter oi A. 


More, Maon 498. 

Morea, consul in, 349. 

N , place in, 652. 

aT , traveller to, 107. 

Moreau, André, 74. 

Morecock, John, see Moorcock. 
Morehouse, John, see Moorhouse. 
Moreland, or Morland, Sir Sam., 68, 560, 653. 
E S aeaee Letter of 135. 

aeensens A, dagdann EITS Otis (aC, 

Morgan, Col. Blethero, letters of, 97 (3). 
E , Davis, petition of, 453. 

ES , Edm., 509. 

Baronias , Edw., see Madox, Edw. 

ISENE , Sir Edw., 451. 

eeno eas > Thos., 452. 


aen , Sir Thos., Governor of Jersey, 238, 
276, 438, 497, 569. 


alee B dooney letter to, 400: 

ORR , Walter, 625. 

godni es , Wm., of Bromley, 648. 

sated s se... Petition of, 648. 

DE AT , father of, 648. 

O > =. kinswoman of, 648. 
. Wm., co. Monmouth, 451. 

E , Mr., of Portsmouth, 187. 

Morice, Sir Wm., late Secretary of State, 10, 
11, 37, 38, 44, 48, 76, 307, 377, 382, 537 
(6), 538 (2). 

Iae ea OTCE Of, 64, 

Morinel, Mr., death of, 145. 

Morison, see Morrison, 


730 


Morlaix, France, Castle of, commander of, 79. 

chief judge of, 79. 

news from, 585. 

salud ewes ships to and from, 8, 14, 79, 88, 99, 
100, 169, 191, 194, 262, 275, 293, 318, 
348, 394, 399, 446, 473, 484, 505, 585, 
613. 

ae aA tonnage master at, 100. 

Morland, Sir Sam., see Moreland. 

Morland, Westmoreland, resident at, 570. 

Morley, Cuthbert, 577. 

T , daughter of, Grenville, Ann, 577. 

, brother-in-law of, 577. 

George, Bishop of Winchester, 178. 


srerssesey 


CEEEEELES] 


eee neeee > 


sesocowsey 


AS > seveeey Certificate by, 268. 

Morocco, Emperor of, late [Muley Mahommed], 
238. 

REN eenaa eaer ACENTO 4S8; 
ag cereeey eveeeey embassy to, secretary of, 
414. 


AAR s eeoesey SON OF 2382 

E E T OCO , present [Muley Mahomed, King 
of Tafilet and Fez], ambassador to, see 
Howard, Henry, Lord. 

anae p tcossey seoveey present for, 270, 274, 441. 

Morocco, English in, 238. 

Morosini, General, 23. 

Morpain, indigent officer, petition of, 130. 

Morpeth, Lord, see Howard, Edward. 

Morrice, Stephen, petition of, 648. 

faaooo , or Morris, Thos., 140, 338. 

Morris, Henry, 72. 

Morrison, or Morison, Dr. Rob., 336, 632. 

Mortaigne, M., 324. 

Mortality, bills of, 126, 637. 

a ASAS , alluded to, 634. 

Morton, Sir Wm., judge [of King’s Bench], 
242, 

aood zeree letters of, 1, 119, 242. 

aaae io parara letter t0, 928; 

, reference to, and report o 
320, 611. 

Moscow, Great Duke of, 23. 

OARA traveller from, 495. 

Mosely, Hugh, 200. 

AT RA , letter of, 200. 

Raa eito sees.. family of, 200. 

Moubray, Col., see Mowbray. 

Moulin, Mr., of Paris, 246. 

Moulsey, Surrey, powder stores at, 573. 

Moundeford, Mrs., 201, 219, 282, 235, 238, 
242, 269, 285, 300. 


£41, 


KRAO , eve., daughter of, 219, 232, 238, 242, 
269, 272, 285, 300, 315, 340. 

sliueetns s... Martin, son of, letters of, 269, 
300. 


Mounson, Sir John, see Monson. 

Mount’s Bay, Cornwall, ships lost near, 102. 
«e... Ships to or in, 163, 493. 

Mount St. Michael, Cornwall, 101. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Mowbray, Thomas, first Duke of Norfolk, 225 

ESA +=... Margt. Howard, heiress of, 225. 

s.-s... Or Moubray, Col., 222, 468, 497. 

Mowse, Mr., 478. 

Muddiman, Hen., 628. 

ET. seo) s... DEeWSs-letter of, 484. 

Muggleton, Lodowick, books by, 140, 659. 

Mulgrave, Earl of, see Sheffield. 

Mulgrave, co. York, manor of, 551. 

Mulleneux, Thos., petition of, 250. 

Munroe, George, 133. 

Munster, Germany, Bishop of, 23, 200, 560. 

suoadnonee treaty of, 186. 

Munster, Ireland, President of, see Boyle, 
Roger, Earl of Orrery. 

Munt, Henry, letter of, 343. 

Murray, Robert, letter of, 324. 

Sir Rob., 592. 

erate letter of, 70. 

S , alderman of Chester, 533. 

AOA , esquire, 230. 

Muschamp, Mr., 490 (2). 

Muscle, or Mussel, Bank, Kent, 46, 207, 351, 
399, 363, 380, 472, 476, 498, 589, 594. 

Musgrave, Sir Edw., 152, 


seers eens 


SAL ihe Sir Phil., Bart., 30, 73, 163, 496. 

Le ae rak > letters af, TOKS) 37 LTO orb: 
356 (2), 419. 

ST > «++ «ey letters to, 342, 419. 

ET s ese... Speech of, 68. 

NS >... Christopher, son of, 10 (2), 
567 (?) 

daeta Ne arate , letter of, 466. 

See eG Gas Suaseens oA son of, Archdeacon of 


Carlisle, 259. 
Muskerry, Viscount, see McCarty, Charles. 
Musselburgh, Scotland, 528 (2). 
Mussulman slaves, 385. 
Muster Master, see Hosier, Fras. 
Musters, Commissary-General of, 365. 
wagers , commissaries of, 365. 
Matas Lieut.-Col., 116. 
Myer, John, 258. 
Mynors, Capt. Rich., family of, 229. 
EM wees > e.s.. Petition of, 229. 


N 


Nantes, France, ship of, 210 (3). 


, Ships to or from, 59, 251, 415 (?), 
432, 550, 587. 


Nantwich, co. Chester, postmaster of, 522. 
Napier, John, petition of, 39. 

Naples, 106, 559. 

esses.: letter dated from, 298. 

ssesesesey Viceroy of, 106. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Narbrough, Capt. John, 70. 
Suen , letters of, 6, 12, 
24, 448, 476, 489. 
Navigation, Act of, alluded to, 167 (2), 290, 
291, 358, 360, 583. 
Navy, the, 215, 220, 258, 589, 693; see also 
Fleet and Ships. 


19, 21 (2), 


ee eeene 


EE , accounts relating to, 120, 392, 523, 
554; see also victualling accounts, 
alluded to. 

AE , auditors of, 519. 

T , books for, 98, 400, 658. 

persiaa s ereraa LIStS Ol, 454, 462. 

OORE Chest, Governors of, 313, 431. 

Eo clerks, 299, 423, 605 (2). 

CNAN , Clerk of the Acts in, see Pepys, Sam. 

BiR , Committee of Council for, 582. 

RRIS , condition of, 119, 120, 313. 

Boneh , Controller of, see Mennes, Sir John. 

neno Note eas ONT Ce LOss 20, 

906 .... dockyards, 119-121, 162, 220; see also 


Chatham, Deptford, Harwich, Ports- 
mouth, and Woolwich, dockyards at. 


E te Raat , Officers in, duties of, 121. 
oaa > e... payments for, 200. 

ese +5 sense, Storekeepers of, 182, 213. 
gabosh , expenses of, funds for, or money for, 


41, 83, 119, 200, 229, 262, 286, 290, 
434, 454, 536, 553, 653; see also Trea- 


surers of. 

RE , goods for, tenders of, 126, 635. 

ee aea Office, Seething Lane, 156, 197, 383, 
399, 434, 497, 516. 

eses wees eaea DOOKS, Or records at, or sent to, 
26, 219, 257, 439, 513, 630. 

eee SEIKO , housekeeper at, 123. 

E E , letters dated from, 12, 28, 38, 40, 


41, 79 (2), 119, 123, 182, 189, 220, 
253 (2), 328, 400, 441, 448, 458, 528, 
588, 601, 623, 630. 


IO , officers of, lists or returns of, alluded 
to, 214, 253. 
iea ..„„ paymaster of, see Waith, Rob. 
ERA , punishments in, see Mariners, punish- 
ment of. 
AEE storekeepers, 47. 
E EREE , stores and provisions for, 16, 58, 78, 


105, 115, 120 (2), 141, 147, 161, 162, 
182 (2), 220, 226, 264, 265, 321, 510, 


523 (2). 

A T , accounts or lists of, 74, 162, 
510, 658 (3). 

EENT A embezzlement of, 35 97 L47, 
187, 250, 302, 304, 584, 589, 626. 

AEAT ee SaL Oi AIO: 

seeen ans , Surveyor of, see Middleton, Col. Thos. 

melasa Ticket Office, 396, 462. 

E sooant , clerk of, 626. 

NOOR sees sees, tickets from, see Mariners, tickets 
for. 

seas ....„ timber for, see Timber. 


m.e... Treasurer of, see Annesley, Earl of 
Anglesey. 


731 


Navy, the—cont. 

T , Treasurers of, 84, 119, 237, 249, 352, 
498, 503, 545, 574, 588, 589, 596, 600, 
649; see also Osborne, Sir Thos., and 
Littleton, Sir Thos. 


Taoa > e... Officers of, 299, 404. 


OoN p sees) payments to, 181, 183 (2), 184, 
290, 404. 


.. Treasury Office, 658. 
Beak tere serere attendance at, 530, 582. 
a E eects , letters dated from, 12, 26, 530, 


ET , Victualler of, see Gauden, Sir Denis. 
aion Victualling Commissioners, 649. 
EE , agents of, 547; see also under 
the various dockyards. 
sige Solent A , contracts with, 208. 
.., victualling of, 2, 81, 92,121, 439, 534, 
582, 591, 604, 642, 


Sushi) ae > eseeeey accounts of, 429, 482, 

AondO000e aa a alluded. LOL In OGG. O75 
588. 

sesersevey eeesay EXpense Of, see Gauden, Sir 
Denis, warrants for payments to. 

rasas Victualling Office, 439, 649. 

AT PR , books sent to, 112, 118. 

AEAEE , letters dated from, 38, 41, 42, 
58, 63, 67, 74, 87, 92, 112, 121 (2), 


220, 226, 237, 239, 248, 250, 392, 431, 
518, 534, 544, 554, 555, 578, 591, 595 
(2), 611. 
sees) Wines for, 252, 264. 

Navy or Admiralty Commissioners, 2, 4, 6, 42, 
44, 65, 67, 72, 106, 123, 136 (?), 152, 
155, 158, 174, 178, 182, 189 (2), 195, 
197, 205, 208, 210 (2), 214, 215, 297, 
243, 250, 267, 271, 277, 284, 299, 309, 
313 (?), 319, 339, 341, 376, 412, 423, 
448, 502, 506, 529, 566, 571, 576 (2), 

586, 595, 596, 605, 609, 623 (2), 653; 

see kp Brouncker, William, Viseount ; 
Mennes, Sir J.; Middleton, Col. T 
Penn, Sir Wm.; Pepys, Sam.; Pett, 
Peter; Taylor, Capt. John; Tippetts, 
John ; Navy Commissioners. 

A Shape , accounts to be presented to, 120, 
423. 


E A , accounts from, wanted, 417. 
DOA , clerk of, see Hayter, Thos. 


oy AT .., contracts, &c., with, 126, 384, 
401, 451, 636, 658. 


CIN AAAA s seeeeey alluded to, 24, 106, 645. 


ES Sa ISRA, , letters of, 38, 79, 119, 253, 400, 
528, 601. 

Oean SA Ere sree , alluded to, 5, 13, 96, 179. 

Roa ren EAEN , letters to (1668), 2 (4), 6-8, 10, 
12 (4), 13, 15 (2), 16 (6), 19-21, 24 
(8), 26 (5), 28 (5), 32 (4), 35 (3), 38 
(4), 40-43, 46 (3), 49 (3), 50 (2), 53, 
56 (4), 58 (3), 60 (2), 61, 63 (3), 67 
(4), 71 (8), 72, 74-76, 78, 79 (2), 81 
(3), 87-89, 92 (4), 96 (3), 98, 99 (2), 
103, 105 (2), 106 (2), 110 (2), 112 
(4), 118, 115, 117 (8), 118 (2), 121 
(3), 123 (2). 


732 


Navy or Admiralty Commissioners, letters to 
—cont. 

E ASA an (1669), 144 (8), 147 (4), 
148, 150-153, 156, 158-162, 164 (3), 
165 (2), 168 (2), 170 (2), 171 (3), 173- 
175, 178 (2), 179, 182 (2), 185 (7), 
187-190, 193 (3), 195, 197 (2), 200 
(4), 205 (3), 207 (8), 210 (3), 211 
(6), 218-216, 219-221, 223, 226, 227, 
230 (3), 231, 235 (2), 237 (4), 239, 
248-250, 253-255, 260 (3), 263, 264 
(5), 26€, 267 (4), 271, 273-276, 279- 
281, 283 (2), 284 (2), 286 (5), 288 (2), 
289, 295 (4), 296 (2), 299 (5), 302 (6), 
303, 305 (3), 306 (4), 308 (2), 309 (3), 
312, 313 (3), 316-319, 322 (4), 325, 
326 (4), 328 (5), 329, 331-335, 338- 
340, 343-345, 348 (2), 351-354, 356, 
359-361, 363 (4), 366 (2), 369, 370 
(6), 374 (3), 376 (4), 377 (8),. 380 
(4), 381, 383-386, 388 (3), 389 (3), 
392-398, 409, 402, 406 (5), 409 (2), 
412 (2), 414 (2), 416-419, 423 (4), 424 
(2), 426-429, 431 (6), 432, 434-437, 
439-441, 443 (4), 445, 447-452, 454 
(2), 455 (3), 457 (3), 458, 460-462, 467 
(2), 469 (3), 470 (3), 472 (3), 475, 
476 (2), 485 (2), 486-489, 491-500, 
502-506, 510, 512 (4), 513, 515, 516 
(3), 518-520, 523 (2), 524 (2), 526 
(4), 529-532, 534 (4), 539 (3), 540 
(2), 544 (2), 545 (3), 547 (3), 548, 551 
(4), 554 (5), 555 (2), 558 (5), 562, 565 
(2), 566 (3), 568 (3), 570 (2), 571 (2), 
574-580, 582-586, 588 (2), 589, 591 
(3), 593-595, 600-602, 604-606, 609 
(2), 611 (4), 615 (6), 618 (2), 620- 
624, 626-628, 630 (4). 


E REAT , orders of, 16, 155, 381, 588. 

a e ES Neve alluded to, 42,69; 128; 
187, 249, 256, 447, 458, 462. 

S AO , orders to, 106, 121, 286. 

s ESA aaas , papers addressed to, 66, 74, 450. 

Aae , papers of, 49, 287, 401, 418, 
596. 

aoo D , petitions or requests to, 84, 86, 


147, 226, 274, 381, 513, 576, 645 (2), 
649, 651 (2). 
AT aaee aeee, alluded to, 254, 286, 392. 
nrasane aE , tenders to, 126, 685. 
a T ., warrants by, 584. 
a LA > sees, alluded to, 188, 304. 
Naylor, Thos., information by, 73. 
Neale, Thos., 159, 177. 
Sessa , Sir Wm., Bart,, 222. 
, letters of, 194, 240, 252. 
Nebel, Daniel, 444. 
Needham, Dr., 3855, 563. 


ines smanr , Major, 228. 

Needwood Forest, co. Stafford, 170, 374, 415, 
443, 444, 

A E , Lieutenant of, see Aston, 


Walter, Lord. 
EA, Park, keepers in, 325. 
ataa s+ ese.. rangership of, 325. 
Negroes, or blacks, 415. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Neile, John, D.D., 322. 
PEA y seeeeey petition of, 247. 


Neill, P., 408. 
Netherlands, or Low Countries, 65, 89, 139, 
584; see also Holland. 


ini , French designs on, see France in 
connection with Holland, &c. 


EOS , Spanish, 410. 

Nettlestead, Kent, timber from, 609. 
Nevill, Anne, 56. 

Neville, Hen., 131. 


Nevis, Island of, West Indies, ships to or 
from, 14, 517. 

Newans, Mr., 23. 

Newark-on-Trent, Notts, 36, 621. 

PRE , letter dated from, 36. 

aoas , Mayor and aldermen of, 37, 621. 

(sists ae aa > ssesee, POtition of, 36. 

A , vicar and vicarage of, 36 (2), 54. 

Newark Sands, ships lost on, 552. 

Newbold, South, Yorks, prebend of, 64. 

Newburg [Philip William], Duke of, 23. 

Newburgh, Earl of, see Livingston, James. 

Newburgh, co. York, game at, 270. 

Newbury, Berks, battle of, 53. 

Newcastle, Duke of, see Cavendish. 

Newcastle-on-Tyne, 4, 51, 161, 260, 291, 380, 
638. 

Paia , Barber Surgeons’ Hall at, 73. 

E , church of, minister of, 73. 

erni , conventicles at, 72, 91, 268, 269, 342. 

RSS , deputy-lieutenants for, 219, 224. 

aT , entertainment prepared at, 528. 

BRRR. , fanatics or sectaries at, 72, 73, 77 (2), 
269, 342. 

EEA , letters, &c., dated from, 4, 8, 77 (2) 
212, 220, 221, 223, 226, 228, 229, 232, 
239, 265, 281, 303, 342, 532, 551. 

hance , Lord Lieutenant of (Earl of North- 
umberland), 39. 

ecvenereey) MAYO OL, 8: AS 22A SAA 

EER , Mayor, aldermen, and justices of, letter 
to, 91. 

sue ee , St. Nicholas Church in, tombs in, 657. 

ETN , Sheriff of, 8. 

DAR , ships of, 163, 273, 548. 

A AER » ships to or from, 99, 107, 178, 212, 
221, 223, 228, 229, 232, 239, 242, 243, 
260, 265, 288, 371, 387, 407, 413, 428, 
458, 580. 

ET , travellers to and from, 35, 269, 303. 

Newcomb, Thos., 471 (2). 

New England, Governor of, see Nicholl, 
Col. R. 

RET , masts from, 7, 106, 182, 185, 230, 485. 

eas , Ships to or from, 146, 178, 181, 255, 
306, 307, 365, 432, 485, 517, 522, 530. 

seveveeeey travellers from, 465. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


New Forest, Hants, 101, 340. 

EA , Burleigh Walk in, 131. 

ENEA , King’s visit to, 412. 

Serenes Tanger or forester of, 532. 

.eese oy timber in or from, 26, 29, 150, 264, 
286, 326, 343, 348, 443. 

dReinaee , warden of, 101, 150. 

asse . woodwards in, 326, 363, 487, 533, 561. 

A +... workmen sent into, 354 (2), 363. 

Newfoundland, bank of, ship from, 54. 

EEE , fisheries at, or fish from, 17, 23, 54, 
110, 188, 231, 456, 517, 6138. 

N , Ships of, 547, 600, 602, 603. 

SEEREN , Ships to and from, 17, 27, 201, 209, 
276, 373, 377, 456, 463, 489, 502, 517, 
520, 602, 610. 

aeann , Storm and wrecks at, 520. 

eeh des , woods in, on fire, 445. 

Newhall, Essex, letter dated from, 271. 

atime , travellers to or from, 272, 355. 

Newhaven, or Meeching, Sussex, harbour and 
pier at, 157. 

ETE , letter dated from, 157. 

Seances , residents at, petition of, 157. 

eeaeee , Ships to or from, 16, 81, 452, 518. 

Newhead, timber at, 565. 

Newland, Ben., 388, 397 (2), 394, 406, 489, 
534, 551, 558, 601, 609, 618, 624. 

BSO » -....» Contracts with, 636 (2). 

ASAA , Wm., letter of, 19. 

Newmarket, co. Cambridge, 297, 301. 

JŠs006o00 , horse races at, 3 (2). 

eens , King’s house at, 18, 83, 336, 393. 

AE , King’s visit to, 3 (2), 14, 18, 219, 495, 
501. 

tA , letters dated. from, 3, 233, 272, 278, 
300, 301, 304, 314. 

POA , persons to or at, 3, 206, 232, 272. 

New Park (on the Thames), deer, &c., in, 
135 (2), 149. 

Newport, And., Comptroller of the Wardrobe, 
letter of, 398. 

Newport, Isle of Wight, Admiralty Court at, 


284. 

eien , Governor and Vice-Admiral of (Sir 
Rob. Holmes), 287. 

POENA , letter dated from, 284. 

New River, the, 370, 378, 573, 597, 600. 

aedensess , Commissioners of Sewers for, 573. 

oseere. , Governor and Company of, 371, 378 _ 
573, 600. ` 

News-books, alluded to, 157, 301, 404, 474, 
483. 

News-letters, 33, 484, 517, 546. 

Einen , alluded to or asked for, 170, 204, 221, 


300, 307, 369, 452, 470, 523, 548, 550, 
563, 573, 592 (2). 

Newspapers, 143, 660; see also Gazettes, 
and Books, Mercuries. 

n an , hawkers of, 141. 


Newton, Sam., 559. 


733 


Newton, co. Lancaster, barony of, 194. 

New York, condition of, 530. 

veeseseeey defence of, 393. 

s000¢ ...., Governor of [Col. Lovelace], 489. 

vaeeseeeey Ships to or from, 62, 489, 493. 

Nibbs, of Hill Wootton, 2386. 

Nicholas, Bernard, 210. 

Reana ., Sir Edw., late Secretary of State, 
death of, 471, 474 (2). 

O eee letter of lids 

esise Sl eane steward or, 172 

Seenaa , Fras., 455. 

Netiseesiet , Sir John, 358. 

TEFA , Wm., 456, 468. 

Nicholl, or Nicholls, Fras., Ordnance Surveyor, 
429, 617 (?). 


Nicholls, Major Edw., 617 (?). 

semana awe , George, 153. 

Ms Ee saene petition of, 145. 

eE , Jos., 564. 

AE , Col. Rich., Governor of New Eng- 
land, 15. 

Nicholson, Rob., 111. 


aeaa , Wm., Bishop of Gloucester, certificate 
by, 268. 


Nicolls, Rowland, 102. 

AAE > «o Wife of, letter of, 102. 

Nicols, sectary, 95. 

Nieuport, Flanders, 34, 155. 

EES , French designs upon, 169. 

, packet-boat to or from, 18, 279. 

Ninehead Flory, co. Somerset, residents at, 
642, 

Nixon, Thos., letters of, 415, 449. 

Peet Os ores tat her Olas: 

Ree else ve Eas , aunt of, 449. 

PA >... Uncle of, see Francis, Rob. 

Nobility, the, 141, 659. 

Nobleman, patent for, alluded to, 233. 


Nonconformists, conventiclers, fanatics, or 
sectaries, 96, 151, 159, 160, 206, 209, 
236, 278, 321, 362, 371, 373, 419, 449, 
481, 516, 533, 644; see also Cheshire, 
Newcastle, and Yarmouth, conven- 
ticlers or sectaries in. 


Eons , imprisonment or persecution of, 363, 
481. 


AC . proceedings against, 100, 159, 363, 
426, 481; see also Conventicle Act. 

Norden, John, sen. and jun., 114. 

Nore, Buoy of the, Danish ambassador at, 378. 
seee Aie , letter dated from, 395. 

nte .., Ship to, 378. 

Norfoik, Dukes of, see Mowbray and Howard. 
e... Henry Howard of, see Howard, Lord 


Henry, Baron Howard of Castle 
Rising. 


734 


Norfolk, house of, 572. 
Norfolk, Sir James, 361. 
Norfolk, 82, 159, 160, 292, 445, 449. 
TIEA , Commissioners for, 308. 
AR , Deputy-lieutenants of, 159. 
an EN , letter dated from, 213. 
DANE , livings in, 311, 815, 341. 
, Lord Lieutenant of, see Townshend, 
Lord. 
A , receiver in, 510. 
POOO , residents in, 71, 804, 539. 
es , sheriff of, 75, 82, 163, 543. 
e ke UNEEI 
Norman, James, late clerk of the survey at 
Chatham, 71. 
Normandy, English manufactures in, 362. 
Nerei , plague in, 14. 
usasse , resident in, 178. 
ee , ships from, 2. 
Norris, Sir Edw., 151, 408. 
baste eee ather oi 408) 
ETAPE , Thes., 87. 
Una , Mr., ensigncy for, 3. 
North, the, see England, North of. 
Northallerton, co. York, vicarage of, 247, 
322. 
Northampton, fire in, 485. 
ae ae , letter dated from, 451. 
veda Es , resident in, 495. 


Northamptonshire, land in, 39. 

ET , Lords Lieutenant of, 294. 

RO , place in, 576. 

ES , rectories in, 190, 346, 389. 

REN , residents in, 360, 597, 652. 

Serera , Sheriff of, 170. 

Northbourne, Kent, resident at, 610, 614. 
North Cape, ships of, or North Capers, 33. 
ihaiasanes , ship off, 457. 

North Foreland, wrecks near, 144 (2). 


North Seas, ships to or from, 184, 194, 209, 
« 221% 


Northumberland, Earl of, see Percy. 


Northumberland, deputy-lieutenants for, 77, 
219 (2), 224, 250. 


se Lord Lieutenant of (Earl of Northum- 
berland), 39. 

RERO , resident in, 173. 

RS , sheriff of, 163. 

North-West passage, search for, 33, 139. 
ES , ship from, report of, 525. 
Norton, Ambrose, 526. 

EA , Sir John, Bart., 582. 

RARE DEA , Col. Rich., 26, 358 (?), 613. 
EONO e.. Edw., his brother, 613. 

a aos , Roger, statement by, 280. 
PA , Wm,, 321. 
Norway, coast of, wrecks on, 574. 

AARAA , person in, 375. 


sanas e ase) DOCU 208; 


- GENERAL INDEX. 


Norway—cont. 


ERN , ships to or from, 80, 107, 265, 304, 
307, 360, 387, 396, 428, 438, 513. 

S , timber or masts from, 291, 321, 387, 
438, 476, 558, 575, 585, 588, 600, 608. 

Denise , trade with, 291 (2), 316, 327, 337 (3), 
429, 503. 

ake AE , Ships registered for, 638, 639. 

Norwich, Earl of, see Goring. 

AE , Bishop of, see Reynolds, Edw. 

Norwich, 95, 466. 

rere , assizes at, 482, 489. 

eenas Castle, prisoners ir, 482. 

OO , Christ Church close in, 425. 

eaka , gaol of, 425. 

eea , gaoler of, 425 (2). 

e , prisoner in, 425, 426. 

aaeeeiai , letters dated from, 365, 425 (2), 426, 
482, 489, 494, 535, 627 (2). 

BOCUODE .+y lotteries, &c., at, 481, 489, 627 (2). 

aeia , magistrates of, 365. 

PEE , Mayor and aldermen of, 627. 

ocna , news from, 365, 424. 

TRS » posts or mails to or from, 195, 525. 

etau , residents at, €27. 

ENAA a serceg Petition of, 627. 

saints nes sessions, 159, 424, 426. 

ES , travellers to, 99, 160, 297, 424, 535. 


Norwood, Col. Henry, deputy-governor of 
Tangiers, 324, 331, 398, 623. 

SEAN , Martha, 50. 

PATONG » Tim., 289, 290. 

Nott, Mr., 474. 

Nottingham, Earl of, see Howard. 

Nottingham, conventiclers from, 449. 

SACL ORE , mails from, 525. 

Nottinghamshire, lands in, 211. 

aae , place in, 273. 

Jansen , sheriff of, 608. 

Nova Scotia, Governor of, 295. 

Nova Zembla, ship near, 33. 

Nuboult, Edm., M.A., 39, 78, 89. 

Nuthurst, Sussex, rectory of, 407, 412. 


O 


Oately, Sir Rich., 386. 
Oatlands House and Park, Surrey, 288. 
Oats, see Corn. 


Oblivion, Act of, alluded to, 329, 549, 559, 
598, 645, 657. 

O’Brien, Murrough, first Earl of Inchiquin 
581. 

Ei s eses William, son of, 581. 


eeo, Henry, seventh Earl of Thomond, 3, 
496. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


O’Brien, Henry, Earl of Thomond—cont. 


Cost eee , letter of, 3. 

doubles s «es. Sarah, second wife of, 5, 175, 
233, 471, 496 (2), 544. 

REENA , Henry, Lord O’Brien, or Lord 
Brian‘of Tbrackan, his son, 258, 483, 629. 

eed RT auras , letter of, 5. 

a es eaeces , Katherine, wife of, 5, 
297, 301 (2), 474, 492, 496 (2), 544, 
657(?). 

waahatn Bees Seca Seeds , Jobn, servant of, 
"466, 492. 

EA E esenee Children of, 5. 

O'Bries, Capt. Chas., certificate, &c., by, 264, 
265. 

EEEE vey cereale , letter of, 264. 

AE PO Oley Life 

Ockam Ness, Kent, letter dated from, 12. 

PERSEE , Ships off, 19, 46. 


Odiham, Hants, manor and park of, ap, 561. 

Officers, reduced, see Army. 

Offley, Fras., 653. 

ieecerins , Jack, 308. 

Ogar, Major Edmund, 270. 

Ogilby, John, 288, 564. 

Ogilvy, David, information by, 373. 

Ogle, Earl of, see Cavendish. 

Ogle, Rich., 173. 

Ognate, or Ognati, Sir Mark de, 19, 87, 104, 
201, 207. 

aeara z eee, letter of, 169. 

Oldenburg, Henry, letters of, 107, 631. 

Olds, John, 282. 

EAS s enee OLOther of, 282. 

O’Neale, Dan., 454. 

Oneby, John, 84, 413. 

RET eie PEttIOn 0f, 876. 

Oporto, Portugal, ship from, 600. 


Oram, Edw., alias Birch, Capt., 206, 318 (2), 
`” 460. 


Oran, Barbary, 603. 
Orange, William, Prince of, 134, 139. 


mother of (late, Mary, 
daughter of Charles I.), 154, 509. 


Orby, Sir Thos. [Bart.], 564. 


se aenenee 


denne Meneame, etter Ot, Dou. 

Sono > sees, petition of, 648. 

Ordnance, 72, 542. 

RATA lieutenant of, 521; see also Legg, 
Col. Wm 

tap anooce , master of, 609. 

OULED Office, 197, 610, 621. 

OOGO OIE , annexation of Armoury Office 
to, 50, 521. 

ea 5 ee ..., charges on, 162, 207, 643. 

a a OS , clerks of, 522, 542, 607. 

OO EOS O0 , letters, &c., dated from, 18, 24, 
28,72, 162, 227, 230, 254, 264, 384, 


359, 397, 574, 593, 622, 


735 


Ordnance—cont. 

hee officers, 49, 67, 178, 305, 414, 498, 
499, 515, 521, 522, 540, 607, 621; see 
also Marsh, Rich.; Moore, Jonas; 
Nicholls, Fras. ; and Sherburne, Edw. 

Sna stores, 28, 574, 607. 

520880600 , treasury of, 622. 


Ordnance Commissioners or Board, 157, 176, 
238, 395, 437, 522, 578, 616. 


auesiveees z soveeey Certificate to, 254. 
Sheena s esanees LESCOL TO, O13. 
SOIA 5 o , orders to, 239, 421. 
MEOE +> <... aSked for, or alluded to, 
366, 593. 
RT s «+e... references to, 208, 578. 
A ee TEPO Oyo. 
A RSs z eeens Warrants to, 50, 267, 268, 333, 


338, 347 (2), 349, 366, 393, 460, 463, 
542, 553, 573, 607, 610, 617, 622. 


Oriental tongues, proficient in, 65. 
Orleans, Philip, Duke of, or Monsieur (brother 
of Louis XIV.), 569. 


canine , Henrietta Anne, Duchess of, or 
Madame, his wife (daughter of Charles 
I.), 412, 569, 579 


Raan J teensey soapy jeter to, 467 (?). 
Ormend, Duke of, see Butler. 

Orrery, Earl of, see Boyle. 

Osberne, Mr., note to, 580. 

Osborne, Sir Thos., Navy Treasurer, 56, 83, 


181, 183, 184, 197, 262, 290, 304, 403, 
553. 


Sates ene es presences Warrant. tOn2o02) 

Osnaburg, Bishop of, see Brunswick, Duke of. 
Ossory, Earl of, see Butler. 

Ostend, 89, 207, 611. 


POPA , goods shipped at, 410, 583. 

acim , Ships of, or Ostenders, 212, 415, 445, 
453, 492. 

Pea » sees») men of war, 61. 

anaes reee CAKCDPTIZe, 22. 

ARENES , Ships to and from, 22, 51, 122, 451, 
457, 552. 

DETST , tin lost near, 366, 368, 401, 597. 


Ottley, Sir Rich., 243 

Ottoman goods, 360. 

Ouse, the, ships in, 221. 

Ousley [or Hosely] Bay, ship to, 288. 

Ously, Chris., letters of, 89, 332 (2). 

Outram, Dr., 481. 

Overkirk, Sieur de, 595. 

Oviatt, Mr., tender, &c., by, 635, 636. 

Owen, Charles, 32. 

John, of Chatham, letters of, 267, 
389, 469, 576, 621. 

sana een , John, of London, 688. 

Sar odOAre , Capt., 282. 

eres > eee, Mary, daughter of, 282. 

Oxenhoath, Kent, resident at, 384. 

Oxenstern, M., 251, 


see eeeneny 


736 


Oxford, Wm., tenders by, 618, 636. 

Oxford, Earl of, see Vere. 

Seaton , Bishop of, see Blandford, Walter. 
Oxford (City), 40, 236, 879, 247, 261, 379, 457. 
EES , Angel Inn at, 311. 

me... Castle, prisoner in, 437 (2). 

gaol, prisoners in, 145, 315. 

, King’s visit to, 52. 

, letters, &c., dated from, 45, 62, 76, 
115, 186, 201, 209, 258, 285, 311, 325, 
342, 475, 525, 598. 

, Physic garden at, 632. 

CARES , posts to, 198. 

, resident at, 140. 

University, 31, 325, 408, 524. 

E dOBCEr , Bodleian Librəry in, 311. 

paawa aa MS Sam LIZ 

, catalogue of, printing of, 


sesssesse 
sosssesse 


sssesooso 


OEEETERI 


see eeenee 


Aen , Chancellor of, see Montague, 
Earl of Manchester. 
s «eeeee, Convocation at, 311. 
, degrees taken at, 290, 311. 
eRe oa EOE , doctors and professors of, 811, 
314, 5380, 
, fellowships of, 49. 
mandamuses to, alluded to, 49, 


saresnoss soosse 


sessesose sseooo 


, members of, 64, 596. 

elegies by, 598. 

, music school at, 311. 

, printing of books at, 275. 

, proctors of, 138, 530. 

Abooodbdd Boones , professor of botany at, 632. 

See save eeeseey public orator of, 311. 

, questions to be discussed at, 405. 

, scholars at, 62, 315. 

en nae e , Sheldonian Theatre in, verses 
celebrating the opening of, 405. 

, students of, 76. 

aroa oi , Vice-Chancellor of, 5380; see 
also Fell, Dr. John. 

, Visitors to, 275, 31], 314, 321. 

, Colleges of, viz :— 

All Souls, 49, 311. 

Christ Church, 79, 311. 

, canonry in, 297, 298. 

, Dean of, see Fell, Dr. John. 


Cae eeeeee ssosso 


see ee seen sereoo 
ssessosse serene 


aera e eens sossoo 


Ae sosser 


arene eee sorses 


eee ee eeee Loosse 


see eeeeee pasose 


see eeenee 
ee ee tenes 


AOAO , letters dated from, 75, 80. 

Corpus Christi, fellow and fellow- 
ship of, 612, 642. 

eea , founder of, 642. 

Jesus, student of, 153. 

Magdalen, 311. 

New, fellows of, 262, 300. 

_ nomination to, 514. 

cela dette , warden of, Dr. Woodroffe 
[or Woodward], 262, 403, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Oxford University, Colleges of—cont. 

Pembroke, fellows and fellowships 
of, 145, 154. 

A , Master and fellows of, letter 
to, 153. 

Queen’s 48, 49, 151. 

RaeoaOn IS , letters dated from, 48 (2), 
244, 314. 

AT , provost of, see Barlow, Dr. 
Thos. 

eai , tabarders of, 311. 

anedon , Williamson’s present to, 46, 
48 (2). 

St. Alban Hall, 311. 

oncon , letters dated from, 301, 311, 
351, 366, 408. í 

St. John’s, 133, 311. 

eo aeses , letter addressed to, 617. 

E EaR , President of, see Mews, 
Drak 

sg eee , President and fellows of, 
letter to, 133. 

St. Mary’s Hall, member of, 138. 

Trinity, B.A. of, 290. _ 

University, 524. 

ienee , fellows of, 524, 526, 530, 


Bas eto an , fellowship at, 524-526, 530. 
AONO , letters dated from, 524, 530. 
Liste att , Master of, see Clayton, Dr. 


Booed: , master and feliows of, letter 
to, 526. 
ESES , scholar of, 524, 526. 
Oxfordshire, rectories, &c., in, 262, 430, 532 
(2). 
senine , robbery in, 236. 
Ra , Sheriff of, 61, 594. 


P 


Packer, Phil., Paymaster of the Works, 163, 
258, 615. 

Packet-boats, 391, 640; see also Holland and 
Harwich, packet-boats to and from. 


Packington, co. Warwick, resident at, 145. 
Page, John, 230. 

BOO NG sree cee letter of, 229. 

Sogo: , Mathew, 193. 

AASE , Thos., 496. 

ronan ET , letters of, 354, 447. 

atersas , of the Council of Trade, 193. 
Paine, Cornelius, 251. 

eresse Of Portsmouth, 187, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Palatinate, house in, 255. 


Palatine of the Rhine, Elector of [late, 
Frederic], 218. 


aeons ees s sss. Charles Louis, or the Rhine- 
grave, 37 5. 

BAO ART EA s «see, letter to, from the King, 255. 

aN s a... apothecary of, 444. 

TE, s ++... Prince (his brother), see Rupert. 


Palermo, Sely. traveller to, 106. 

Palesgrove, Hants, timber at, 46. 

Palmer, Roger, first Earl of Castlemaine, 
letters of, 93, 455, 488, 559, 623. 

E s e... Steward of, 488. 

» Barbara, Countess of Castle- 
maine, his wife (mistress of Charles 
IT.), 39 (2), 204, 256, 301 (2). 

Palmer, Clement, 306. 


suena’ , Sir Geoffrey, Attorney-General, 5, 
29, 34, 87, 196, 206, 317, 367, 470, 552, 
600. 

aere antes esr he » letters to, 233, 282, 336, 337, 
437, 511, 597, 631. 

OD > «sess», papers by, 417, 592. 

TAER > +... references on petitions to, and 


reports of, 112, 154, 162, 173, 194, 314, 
333, 356, 361, 365, 393, 411, 420, 421, 
423, 433, 462, 518, 527, 542, 621. 

ce eran > ++», warrants to, 323, 396, 501, 614. 

aereo WK-Henry, Bart., 592. 

aroa A TONM S To. 


ES EuR AnI Apion , Jane, widow of, petition of, 379. 
SogORS008 , Wm., petition of, 82. 
seen ees , Mr., 424. R 


Palmes, Wm., letter of, 388. 

Palos, Cape, Spain, 602, 603. 

Pamber Forest, Hants, 487, 532. 

Pangborne, Rob., contract with, 636. 

Panton, Col. Thos., 149. 

Paper Office, presses at, 488. 

Papers, Keeper of, see Williamson, Jos. 

Papillon, Thos., 526. 

AAO aooo , petition of, 642. 

Papists, see Roman Catholics. 

Pargiter, Mr., 206. 

Parham, Lord of, see Willoughby. 

Paris, Wm., B.D., letter of, 201, 

Paris, 25, 191, 474, 503, 506, 514 (2), 656. 

abono , ambassador at, see France, ambassa 
dor to. 

aoa , King Charles in, 130. 


T letters, &c., dated from, 1, 54, 55, 
236, 412, 552, 569, 570, 579. 


bogo s Louvre at, 168. 

seeiis , mails, or posts, to and from, 246, 544. 

aE nT , Notre Dame, funeral oration at, 579. 

aas , persons at, 54, 246. 

seese... travellers to and from, 74, 168, 215, 
351, 463, 473, 490, 543, 559. 

Park, resident at, 563. 

Parker, Abr., 630. 

, letters of, 305, 417, 626 (2). 


737 


Parker—cont. 

AT , John, 600. 

senin p+ Tabitha, widow of, 600. 

eS , Matt., 25. 

AGAT , Peter, petition of, 130. 

Roger, letter of, 303. 

e ine, Sam., chaplain to the Archbishop of 
Canterbury, 280. 

naei , informer (?), 420. 

Parkhurst, Thos., 409, 411. 


Parliament, or both Houses, 131, 140, 283, 
538, 541, 549, 566, 569, 572, 585, 589, 
592, 610, 623, 649 ; see also Usurpation, 
the; and Lords and Commons, Houses 
of; and Scotland, Parliament of. 

AET , Acts of, or Bills in, alluded to, 17, 28, 
64, 94, 100, 128, 146, 199, 223, 285, 
300, 346, 360, 376, 410, 435, 446, 448, 
459, 491, 493, 498, 511, 535, 537 (2), 
538, 549, 550, 553; 565, 569 (3), 572, 
583, 592, 609, 634, 643, 648, 657; see 


ssssesssey 


also— 
Aid, Ireland, 
Cattle, Navigation, 
Churches, Oblivion, 
uniting of, Poll Money, 
Conventicles, Post Office, 
Corporations, Press, 
Customs, Prizes, 
Forfeitures, Sacrament, 
Frauds, Wines, 
—Acts relating to. 
terece., Adjournment, proroguing, or rising of, 
alluded to, 3, 102, 108, 257, 269, 623. 
cdo coGaorpadonée , notes of proceedings relative to, 
58, 139, 537 (3), 538. 
nedenobod p s... projected commission for, 510. 


oap , clerk assistant in, see Marsh, Thos. 

Tea repans , committee of, for grievances, reference 
to, 382. 

Oea , licence of printing by, 654. 

POI .„ members of, 22, 520, 537, 538 (2), 
572, 623, 625, 642. 

Eoo , =... Election of, see Thetford. 

aranana , messages to, from the King, 587 (4), 
538 (2). 

SAbOOE ... Opening or meeting of, alluded to, 
490, 492, 501, 542, 559, 623. 

ante , King’s speech on, 536. 

Reels > s.e... alluded to, 536. 

, Lord Keeper’s speech on, 586. 

ENa , proceedings in, 256. 

A an , =... precedents of, 536-538. 

nda cab ant 5 proclamation summoning, 626. 

sonacneor , prosecution in, alluded to, 647. 

aa aie , sittings or sessions of, 54, 563, 567, 
573. 

as , transcribing of records for, 185. 

Parliament of the Cinque Ports, 438. 

Parliament, party of, see Usurpation, the. 

Parr, Mr., 115. 

Parrott, see Perrott. 

3A 


738 


Parry, Fras., 209, 324. 
S Suetonius, 544. 


Parsons, John, certificate by, 646. 


Passports, passes, or licences to travel, 310, 


386, 654. 

acan ., asked for, 132, 
273, 365, 446, 651, 654. 

cenia . beyond seas, 12, 215, 
446, 525, 567. 

sses., fOr dogs, 266, 455, 461, 542. 
for horses, see Horses. 
to England, 19, 159, 592. 


ETEETETIS] 
sessseeseg 


oe) 


446, 651. 
to Germany, 225, 455, 654. 


EETTTETIT] 


ssossessoy 


505. 

to Ireland, 356, 557. 

to Italy, 312, 622. 

EEn to other countries, 163, 539, 653. 
Paston, Sir Rob., Bart., 71, 215. 

Patents, Clerk of the, 39, 129. 

Patras, or Petrasse, Morea, 349, 652. 
Patrick, Father, see MaGinn, Father Patrick. 
Paul, J., 323. 

anasa (date), Hungarian, 371. 

Paul Cape, Africa, 633. 

Paulet, Charles, Lord St. John of Basing, 101, 


seen ereeny 


beeen enny 


487, 544, 561. 
Romero A eons etter OL LIT 
Seis: seerias Lotter tO; 487. 


Paulett, Lord Henry [son of William, fourth 
Marquis of Winchester], letter of, 531. 

Pauling, of Maidstone, 574. 

Payhembury, co. Devon, parish of, 598. 

AE , resident at, 626. 

Payler, Mallet, 403. 

Payne, John, proposal by, 391. 


, John, of the Speedwell, 
200. 


Arpo . Roger, 83. 

Peables, John, letter of, 64. 

Peachy, Gregory, letters of, 15, 424. 
Peaps, Capt., 490. 

Pearce, Capt. John, 574. 

ER y seess Letters of, 593, 595, 600, 605. 
Pears, Edm., 288. 

Pearse, James, Surgeon-General, 596. 


states titers > aesa Certificates by, 70, 118, 176. 
Scns aban , letters of, 604, 628. 

E A EA , letter to, 601. 

aban Nees derma PStIMON of 5960; 


aeaa s sasas proposals by, 358. 
Pearson, Dr. John, letter of, 64. 
Pecket, John, 356. 

Peckham, Hast, Kent, timber from, 609. 
Pedwelliston, co. Dorset, tithes of, 323. 
Peers, House of, see Lords, House of. 
Peirce, Capt. Jeffry, letter of, 135. 


133 (2), 185, 187, 


267, 270, 281, 


to France, 56, 148, 204, 242, 255 (2), 
270 (3), 288, 365, 390, 399, 411, 432, 


to Holland or Flanders, 1538, 242, 274, 


letter of, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Pelham, Sir John, 157. ş 

Pell, Rich., 163. 

Pellham, John, 502. 

Pells Office, see Exchequer. 

Pembroke, Earl of, see Herbert. 

Pembroke, letters dated from, 104, 110, 157, 
174, 345, 418, 429, 432, 440, 442, 447, 
450, 453, 459, 493, 500, 575, 600, 608, 
613, 625. 

sevuneeeey TECeiver for, 138. 

Toonaga , Ship at, letter dated from, 367. 

Foodsi , Ships to, 104, 429, 432. 

Pendennis, Cornwall, 252, 321, 595. 

Castle, Governor of, 645. 

EO , prisoner in, 614. 

, letters dated from, 5, 17, 48, 72, 81, 
101, 110, 119, 152, 219, 234, 243, 252, 
266, 285, 296, 321, 331, 341, 365, 405, 
428, 487, 444, 451, 457, 465, 489, 494, 
497, 516, 550, 563, 595. 
vooo .. Ships at, 252, 266. 

Sea adeli Na , ships to or from, 17, 48, 81, 119, 152, 
219, 234, 243, 266, 285, 296, 321, 331, 
341, 405, 444, 451, 465, 494, 497, 595. 

Pendrill, Rich., 467. 

Pengelly, Mat., 380, 412. 


see eeneee 


ar o puter , letter of, 377. 
|) dooonoser seats , petition of, 381. 
I ase aie esc Ae SE , wife and children of, 377. 


Penn, Ensign Wm., clerk of the cheque at 
Kinsale, 207, 388. 


rE AAA , letters of, 26, 283, 286, 340, 
343, 388, 447. 

EOS AARI , letters, &c., to, 447 (8). 

ee Dir Wm., Navy Commissioner, 42, 74, 
92, 188, 264, 427, 439. 

EOE ER , as Victualler for the Navy, 81, 
105, 112 (2). 

Be ea RGA PPE i , contract with, 208. 

Saas yeas ecse es CLIOLKSHOL, 425 

O A , letters of, 40, 81, 389, 534. 

oapapaaas s eese uss Letters LOE Ones 

dovasd50c > «esse, Other papers by, 33, 150. 

Vn Eo esea , Wm., Quaker, his son, 98 (2), 

102, 116, 146. 

eak si sasesana aanas LetoersnOlses ia 2) 

Penning, Thos., 648. 

Joana SERE , Jane, widow of, petition of, 648. 


Penniston, Sir Thos., 430. 

Penrhyn, Cornwall, 19. 

Penrith, Cumberland, postmaster of, 522. 
AA , resident at, 522. 

| Pensax, Capt., 207, 500. 

| Pensioners, see Gentlemen Pensioners. 


Pensions, grants of, 63, 83, 177, 817, 403, 
620. 


L.a... petitions for, 129, 131 (2), 403, 433, 
640, 642-644, 646, 647. 


aRar , purchase of, 382, 411. 
aAA , surrender of, 83, 129, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Pensions—cont. 


.... Warrants, &c., concerning, 323, 463, 
653. 


Pentheus [King of Thebes], 95. 
Penwith, co. Cornwall, hundred of, 199. 


Pepys, Sam., Navy Commissioner and Clerk | 
of the Acts, 32, 123, 200, 392, 558. 


letters of, 168, 189, 423. 

Stiles pms BlUded. to, 392. 

Seana ee > seeeeey letters to (1668), 2-4, 6, 7, 9, 
12, 13 (2), 15, 16, 18 (2), 21 (2), 24, 
26, 28, 29, 35, 37, 40-42, 44, 46 (3), 
50, 57, 61 (2), 65, 67 (2), 69, 71, 72, 
74 (2), 79, 84, 85, 87, 93, 98, 103, 105, 
106, 110, 113, 117, 118 (3), 136. 


(1669), 144 (2), 147, 150-152, 
155, 158; 160, 168 (2), 171, 173, 174, 
177-179, 182 (2), 188, 189 (2), 192, 
195, 197 (2), 200, 202, 204 (2), 210 

= (2), 214 (8), 220 (2), 223, 227 (2), 
230, 237 (2), 242, 246 (2), 248, 253, 
254, 260, 264, 267, 271 (4), 274, 277 
(2), 279, 284 (8), 286, 292, 296 (?), 
302, 305, 309 (2), 319 (2), 321, 329, 
332, 340, 343, 344, 356, 361, 376, 377, 
389 (2), 392, 395, 412, 413, 418, 427, 
429 (2), 555 (2), 566, 576, 601, 630 (2). 


TS > sse... Other papers by, 24, 43, 250, 
329. 


SN , pay-books received from, 454, 


tee eees 


Percy, Algernon, 10th Earl of Northumber- 
land, death of, 23, 66, 112. 

OT oae house of, Petworth, 112, 219. 

depo OC > eseese, Servant of, 112. 

es... Josceline, 11th Earl of Northumber- 
land, 39 (2), 66, 139, 446, 498. 


Deas oN ven kool , ancestors of, 66, 
eaor eee leiter of 2195 
Ao orre >... Wife and daughter of, 446. 


Perey (nonconformist), 373. 

e eanes DOS WILO S1 9, 

Perkins, Thos., 304. 

Perrett, Dan., signature of, 388. 

Perrin, Hen., 248, 487, 491, 496. 

a e ean otteren Of Lol L527 

ance , wife of, 152. 

BARS AAG , Dr. Henry, 260, 265. 

Perron, Gerard, 502 (2). 

Perrot, Perrott, or Parrott, Chas., clerk of 
Williamson, 10, 801 (2), 821, 474 (2), 
488, 489, 544, 629, 630. 

ele eae > «e+e, letters to, 628 (2), 629. 

eee 162. 

— “Cant Walter, letters of, 2, 16, 67, 162, 
193, 299, 328. 

Pershall, Sir John, 203. 

Persia, King of [Soliman I.], ships for, 610. 

Perwich, W., letter of, 18. 

Pescod, Mr., prothonotary in Chancery, 93. 

Peterborough, Earl of, see Mordaunt, 


, Bishop of, see Henshaw, Joseph. 


739 


Peterborough, 481, 525. 

Peters, Henry, 403. 

Petersham, Surrey, road in, 374. 

Peterson, Gysbert, 334, 341. 

ne ...., Hans, 311, 327, 341. 

Petit, Mr., Gazette from, 474. 

Petras, or Petrasse, Morea, see Patras. 

Petronius Turpilianus, 372. 

Pett, Peter, Navy Commissioner at Chatham, 
49 (?), 182. 

TERTE erena rn letters of, 275, 540. 

Sasinesires Phineas, master shipwright at Chat- 
ham, 20, 46, 49 (?), 123, 250 (2), 251, 
253, 302, 303 (2), 326, 386, 392 (2), 
397, 400, 419, 436, 437, 476, 515, 580. 


DATAA OOOO , aS muster-master at Gravesend, 
571, 576. 
nos z aeee letters. Of, 26, 266, 273, 281, 


286, 288, 299 (2), 319, 338, 339, 361, 
376 (2), 385, 409, ete: 419, 427, 571, 
576. 

Temes 9 Sam., 71. 

Pettus, Sir John, 203. 

Petty Bag, see Chancery. 


Petworth, Sussex, Earl of Northumberland’s 
house at, letter dated from, 219. 


Massee , letters dated from, 112, 418. 
ETS , rectory of, 520. 

Mattes , resident at, 418. 

Pevensey Manor, Sussex, 633. 
Peyton, Ensign Thos., 426, 

ROTO Sir Thos., letter of, 135. 
Phelips, John, declaration by, 618. 
Phelps, of Teddington, 419. 

Phillips, Edw., 194, 247, 340, 598. 
oane ORS , petitions of, 334, 339 (2). 
Fabian, 434. 
soousesacty Hen., 277. 

ss.) Rich., certificate by, 150. 

Thos., 132. 

Wm., 575, 597. 

E Ee Col., 437. 

Phillpot, Rob., 254. 

Philobasileus, letter of, 291 

Philosophy, questions on, 405. 

Philpot, Nath., 573. 
Physic Garden, Royal, 336. 
Physicians, or Doctors of Medicine, 85, 224, 

245, 441, 486, 518. i 

College of, 59. 

Soccer's President of, letter to, 59. 
Pibus, Humphrey, 227. 
.eeeeey letters of, 220, 273, 281, 532, 


sessssstiy 


EEEEEEEET] 


EEEEEEEET] 


ee reeeneny 


Pickernell, Thos., 491. 
Piedmont, Italy, trade with, 104. 


| Pierrepoint, Henry, Marquis of Dorchester, 


letter of, 213. 

AT . wife of, 297. 

Perepont, Hon. Frasi, 603. 

, Alisimon, widow of, 603. 


3A 2 


740 


Pilk, Mr., doctor (?), 342. 
Pilkington, Sir John, 137. 
Pincombe, John, 43. 

Pindar, Sir Paul, 557, 583, 599, 622. 


Pine, Capt., 38. 

Pinkney, Hen., 184. 

Pipe, clerks of, see Exchequer. 

Pisa, Italy, 351, 507. 

Pitson, James, 569 (3). 

Pitt, James, 313, 550. 

Shighe res , John, letter of, 123. 

Pixton Farm, Somerset, 642. 

Plague, the, or the sickness, 126, 131, 134, 
172, 410, 413, 555, 556, 577, 607, 637 ; 
see also Dieppe and Rouen. 

Planey, Louise de, 509. 

Plantations, foreign, transportation to, 201, 
327, 361, 468, 646, 647 ; see also Vir- 
ginia, transportation to. 

eee Sasa Committee for, 217. 

Platt, Col. Rich., 130. 

Waceawses y seer) Veronica, widow of, petitions of, 
130, 131. 

Snos e SO OL LS LS 

Play, acting of a, 145. 

Player, Sir Thos., 441, 

Pleadal, Mr., 442. 

Pley, Mrs. Constance, 397, 441. 

eT , :..... Contract with, 636. 

Saa are , George, letters of, 410, 450, 456. 

Plumleigh, Sir Rich., 643. 

sevens s crese daughter of, 643. 

Plunkett, Luke, third Lord Fingall, 222, 571. 

as , Margaret, wife of, 222. 

Plunkett, Paul, 619. 

Plymouth, 153, 183, 244, 357, 408, 588, 607, 
614, 625, 639. 

TRAET , Catwater at, see Catwater. 

AnGRODCAE , conventicles at, 408, 655. 

E ET , fort or citadel at, 371, 414. 

RAT >... letter dated from, 388, 

sateen , fortifications at, 239, 243, 341. 

feces , Governor of, see Greville, John, Earl 
of Bath. 

KOIA s... letter to, 655, 


EAE , Governor of, deputy, see Skelton, Sir 
John. 


ER , island at, 414. 

Ah , King’s house at, 133. 

sseesrevey letters dated from, 22, 27, 81, 42, 54, 
58, 62, 67, 70, 74, 76, 87, 89, 93, 98, 
102, 107, 114, 116, 144, 149 (2), 151, 
165, 166, 169, 170 (2), 183, 184, 194, 
196, 201, 209, 210 (2), 212, 214, 221, 
229, 232, 236, 239 (2), 243 (2), 250, 
261, 272, 276, 282, 294, 357, 360, 370, 
371, 377, 381, 388 (2), 393, 398, 400, 
402, 410, 414, 417, 422 (2), 423, 432, 
438, 442, 445, 449, 452, 456, 458, 460, 
468, 472, 475, 487, 492, 494, 498, 501, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Plymouth, letters dated from—cont. 

511, 517, 522, 528, 539 (2), 545, 564, 
567, 568, 573, 577, 581, 583, 588, 591, 
596, 604, 608, 613, 616, 618, 624, 627, 
629, 630. 

, magistrates and officers of, 408, 655. 
, Mayor and magistrates of, letter to, 
357. 

Aani , Navy officer at, 210. 

aseene eens meras, Stores at, 150, 341, 370, 388, 


EEEIEE 


Adnan sey seseo sesse embezzlement of, 641. 

, news from, 243 (2). 

seeseceeey Ort Of, charges for, 114, 

anbonacon , posts to, 166. 

, ropemakers at, 383. 

, Royal citadel at, letter dated from, 78. 
, ships at or in port of, 114, 414, 501, 
618. 


aR , +... letter dated from, 295. 

, ships of, 87, 446, 517, 545, 546, 567, 

596, 642. 

, ships to or from, 27, 62, 66, 74, 76, 

78, 87, 89, 93, 107, 114, 116, 144, 149, 

151, 168-170, 184, 196, 201, 209, 210, 

214, 219, 221, 229, 232, 234, 236, 239 

(2), 250, 261, 272, 276, 282, 294, 357, 

360, 377, 381, 383, 388, 393, 398, 402, 

405, 422, 432, 438, 442, 447, 449, 451, 

452, 458, 460, 468, 472, 475, 487, 492, 

494, 501, 511, 517, 522, 528, 539, 548, 

567, 573, 577, 583, 587, 596, 604, 613, 

616, 617, 624, 627, 629, 630. 

Bie tacts , travellers to or from, 218, 243, 250, 
251, 279, 369, 374, 410, 414, 422. 

Plymouth Sound, letter dated from, 422. 

Plympton, Devon, M.P. for, 535. 

Pocock, John, 523. 

TAa y seeeeey letters of, 4, 14,-17, 25, 48, 54, 
80, 95, 101, 110, 111, 149, 174, 191, 
203, 221, 231, 241, 252, 262, 266, 297, 

l 307, 345, 373, 502, 522, 600, 610. 

Pointer, Mr., 16. 

Poland, King of [ Uladislaus VII.], 631. 

Nomura Siveb sareetOUreN Ovals 

Poland, 23, 375. 

Dien AS , Castelain of, 875. 

Polebrook, co. Northampton, rectory of, 190. 

Poleron [East Indies ?], 250. 

Poll Money, Bill for, alluded to, 41, 43, 223, 
816, 407, 458, 537. 

aaa TaN , payments from, 102, 358. 

Pollen, John, letter of, 35. 

Pommeroy, Capt. Hen., 625. 

Pontefract, resident at, 64. 

Poole, Capt. Wm., 26, 49, 383 (?), 406. 

A ETN , letters of, 19, 28, 38, 58, 406. 

Poole, co. Dorset, ship from, 517. 

eers CO. Montgomery, charter of, alluded 
to, 365. . j 

Poortmans, Edm., certificate by, 162. 


seeososse 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Pope, the (Clement IX.), 314, 619. 

sses... book dedicated to, 314. 

Sasa » Bull of, alluded to, 48. 

Pope, John, 419. 

Popish books,-353. 

Populer, Zach., certificate by, 223. 

Porchester, Hants, resident at, 195. 

Porlock, Somerset, rectory of, 30, 37. 

Port au Prince, West Indies, Spaniards at, 
204. 

Porter, Chas., 509. 

aeaea » G., certificate by, 399. 

Portland, Earl of, see Weston. 

Portland, Isle of, co. Dorset, 309, 310. 

EnO Rise , Ships wrecked at or near, 4, 149, 191, 
203, 221. 

Geeta .. Road, ships in, 287. 

Port Mahon, Minorca, letters dated from, 553, 
555. 

ee , Ships to or from, 546, 547, 553, 602. 

Portman, John, 258. 

Porto Bello, West Indies, taking of, 204, 252. 

Porto Rico, West Indies, ship to, 252, 

Portram, alias Colt, Maximilian, 277. 

Portsmouth, Hants, 72, 151, 264,-269, 544, 

545, 588, 601, 655. 

Faeaiesisets , aldermen of, 348. 

ASB OSCANE , Antelope Inn at, 20, 29. 

Senne ze., Chain at, 438, 448. 

eE , Custom House at, 593. 

AEA , fortifications at, 358, 470. 

E , garrison of, 582. 


Recher , Governor, or deputy-governor of, see 
Honeywood, Sir Philip. 


r 


AA .... harbour or port of, letters dated from, 
594, 595. 


wales ae > cases, Quarantine at, 117, 158. 

ees s «esses, Ships in, 271, 276 (2), 279, 298. 

Scotia , Justices at, 593, 613. 

dapeanes , King’s visit to, 470. 

a cea , letters, &c., dated from (1668), 1, 2, 
10, 18, 15, 16, 18 (2), 20, 21, 24, 26- 
29, 31, 34 (2), 37, 38, 40 (2), 44-46, 
48, 50, 51, 56-58, 61 (3), 65-67, 69, 
70, 72, 76, 87, 88, 90, 91, 93, 97, 99, 
103 (2), 105, 110, 113 (2), 115-118, 
122. 


Feit nee (1669), 146 (2), 147 (8), 150, 152, 
158 (2), 158 (2), 161, 164 (2), 168, 
171 (2), 175 (2), 179 (2), 187 (3); 
189, 192 (2), 195-197, 202, 204 (3), 
209, 210, 220 (2), 221 (2), 228, 233, 
238, 242, 243, 246, 248 (2), 249, 253 
(2), 258, 260, 263, 265-268, 271 (2), 
274-277, 279 (3), 280, 284 (2), 286, 
287 (2), 289 (3), 294 (2), 295, 297- 
299, 301, 302 (2), 306 (3), 307, 309, 
310 (2), 313, 318, 319, 321, 322 (2), 
325, 326, 328 (2), 329 (2), 332 (2), 
334, 335, 339, 340 (2), 342, 343, 345, 
348 (2), 354 (2), 355, 357, 360 (2), 
361, 363, 366, 369 (3), 370, 374, 377, 
383, 388, 392 (3), 394, 395, 397 (2), 


741 


Portsmouth, Hants, letters, &c., dated from 
(1669)—cont. 

400, 401, 405, 406, 414, 416, 418, 427- 
429, 431 (2), 436 (2), 443, 448, 450- 
452, 457, 459-461, 463, 466, 467, 470 
(2), 472, 475 (2), 485, 486, 489 (2), 
491-494, 496 (2), 499, 500, 503 (2), 
506 (2), 511, 512, 514, 518, 523, 525, 
530, 534, 539, 544 (2), 545, 547 (2), 
548, 551 (2), 552, 556, 558, 560, 564, 
567, 568, 570, 573, 575, 576, 579 (2), 
580 (3), 583, 585, 586, 588 (2), 590, 
593 (2), 594, 596, 601 (2), 603, 605 
(2), 609, 610, 613-618, 622, 624-626, 
630. 

NRIN , mariners of, 58, 63. 

DOON y se payment of, 383. 

OE 3 «esse, Widows of, 50. 

jeeni , Marshal of, 20. 

prficcoten , Mayor of, 348, 560, 593. 

STESS essere deputy LID. 

PAE , hews from, 348, 461. 

enese , officers and soldiers at, 18, 20, 346. 

ekadi » Point in, 195. 

aR een , port of, see harbour. 

eaaa , residents at, 124, 284, 568, 649. 

P ea petition of, 147. 

seecesesey Ships-at or near, 10, 20, 127, 158, 165, 
429, 463; see also Spithead and St. 
Helen’s Road, ships at. 


HEA >... letters dated from, 2 (2), 12, 
74, 580, 586, 591, 601. 

AE , ships building or launched at, 21, 38, 
46, 57, 61 (2), 72,87, 88, 91, 99, 103, 
113 (2), 115, 153, 171, 267, 274, 286, 
299, 354, 357, 416, 429, 443, 452, 475, 
485, 492, 494, 503, 506 (2), 512, 514, 
518, 525, 539, 552, 560, 586, 624 (2). 


asee ose, Ships fitting at, 20, 21, 24, 29, 87, 91, 
103, 116, 118, 153, 187, 318, 493, 591, 
615. 

O , ships paid off at, 87, 88, 294, 301, 
302, 306 (2), 313, 318, 321, 328. 

sonce zoo , ships to or from, 1, 15, 18, 24 (2), 
27, 45, 59, 60, 65, 74, 76, 93, 144, 146, 
153, 158, 168, 216, 228, 279, 287, 294 
(2), 295, 301, 302, 307, 333, 339, 340 
(2), 342, 343, 345, 363, 369, 394, 418, 
427, 428, 436, 451, 457, 459, 460, 496, 
579, 580 (4), 588, 595, 624, 630. 

Gsoda0nde , Smock Alley in, 187. 

naiean , Town Hall of, 593. 


a , travellers to or from, 29, 123, 161, 
195, 202, 348, 357, 374, 395, 401, 402, 
489, 511. 

Portsmouth Dockyard, 12, 147. 

e A EEA , Clerk of the cheque at, see 
Steventon, St. Jobn. 


“Bp Aoo nabot s clerk of the survey at, see 
Salesbury, Hugh. 


O , dry dock at, 494, 496. 
besser elle apace „hemp for, 117. 

sn0000d ee King’s dock at, 357. 

E acboue , King’s house at, 485, 503. 


742 


Portsmouth Dockyard—cont. 

ea Enan IIRA letters dated from, 233, 339, 376, 

877, 427, 611, 615. 

e , master of attendance at, see 

"Tinker, Capt. John. 

NEE RTE , mastmaker in, 512. 

R ences , Navy stores, &c., at or for, 150, 
151, 162, 171, 192, 220, 237 (2), 289, 
388, 394, 397, 462, 503, 601, 609, 649, 
658. 

: , embezzlement of, 187 (2), 

"319, 473, 476, 593. 

, sale of, 334, 470. 

va.) want of, 13, 195, 322, 551. 

., officers of, 61, 161, 289, 299. 

ae EAER , orderly at, letter of, 598. 

aa A EE , rigging-house at, 588. 

Fa docoii 00006 , ropehouse in, 473. 

poom ón ... Topeyard at, 424. 

jeaaiinweie ARa p enna CIETE Of 15. 

., letters dated from, 15, 424. 

pnboH9000) oaro y sere, Officers of, 523. 

Roadoaadd Souond , Storehouses at, 376, 412 (2), 


AA OAT , Storekeeper at, 153, 492. 

OOO O tere > esse, Order to, 334. 

Aate ce seeseey timber for, 16 (2), 26,28, 56, 61, 
171, 175, 210, 248-250, 260, 263, 266, 
274, 275, 284, 299 (2), 306 (2), 313, 
322, 329, 335, 354, 392, 406, 416, 429, 
461, 475, 485, 489, 491, 499, 503, 505, 
534, 558, 588, 593 (2), 601, 615, 618, 
624 (2), 626. 

ANE: , victualler’s agent at, 152, 395, 
547, 594, 602. 

Peho Bounce , workmen at or for, 12, 67, 147 
(2), 192, 854 (2), 388, 470, 513. 

Eea IEE , money for, wanted, 147, 
289, 295, 318, 319, 523. 

E AA E , payment of, 233, 326, 328, 
394, 467, 551. 

Portugal, King of [Alphonso VI.], 387. 

ea sagas s e.. Court of, Englishmen at, 209. 

eaa > s... magazine of, 414. 

wa , Queen of [Maria Francisca], 205. 

RRS s ans geny CONTESSOT of, 205. 


scboubtbe ; A Mother of [Louisa Maria], 
death of, alluded to, 509. 


Dansi , Prince and Princess of, envoy from, 
190. 


Portugal, 11, 23, 191, 205, 388, 401, 600. 
oaas , ambassador of, 375. 


Saanen , ambassador or envoy to, see South- 
well, Sir R.; Montague, Earl of Saud- 
wich; and Fanshaw, Sir Rich. 


EAEN Ae , English in, 324. 


, English officers serving in, 90 (3), 
130 (8), 333, 542. 
WEN , envoy to, from Sweden, 251. 
REA , in connection with Spain, 164, 205. 
SA .-» Queen’s portion from, 642. 

seseeeeey Ships Of, 375, 633. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Portugal—cont. 

sonoocton , ships to or from, 18, 48, 76, 80, 116, 
201, 232, 241, 296, 307, 377, 445, 498, 
536, 548, 550, 573, 577, 613, 629. 

sven ee , travellers to, 74, 159. 

Portuguese army, 74. 

eae aesene secretary, 620. 

Pory, Henry, 388. 

eee aa PDA Rob O87. 

Post labels, 142, 471, 472, 482, 492. 

Postmaster-General, 44, 285, 376 ; 
Bennet, Lord Arlington. 

ENES deputy, see Bennet, Sir John, and 
Ellis, Andrew. 

Postmasters, 418, 471, 522 (2), 523. 

BE , complaints against, for negligence or 
miscarriage of letters, 5, 17, 29, 135, 
163, 166, 167, 295, 296, 300, 301, 307, 
391, 517 (2) ; see also Mails. 

EESE 5 seder to, 482. 

s... Warrant to, 468. 

Post Office, or Letter Office, Bishopsgate 
Street, 15, 95, 198, 294, 314, 377, 409, 
482, 517, 627, 632. 

Soa , Act of Parliament concerning, 
alluded to, 435. 


oahi: , clerk of, see Hickes, James. 
a , clerks of, 198, 315. 


poba , letters dated from, 10, 17, 45,51, 144, 
161, 230, 301, 314, 475, 487, 492, 517 
(2), 522% 525 54A 

aera aes , letters addressed or sent to, 6, 316, 
394, 608. 

..., Officers of, 51. 

Tl +++) proclamations concerning, 376. 

eean se. alluded to, 422, 435. 

ERRA , profits of farmers of, 285. 


ER sees seeeeey grants from, or charges on, 64, 
71,101, 215. 


eresse covers S@ttling on the Duke of York, 
Act for, alluded to, 376. 


aaan , revenue of, 198. 
Post Office, foreign, 198. 
Post warrant, 202. 
Potticary, Mr., letter of, 87. 
Potton, co. Bedford, fairs at, 188. 
Potts, Abr., daughter of, 337. 
KOOS , Thos., 560. 
Poulet, Chas., 212. 
Poulett, John, third Baron Poulett, 402, 560. 
ES seer letter of, 420. 
Poulett, Col. Amias, 560. 
Poulteney, Sir Wm., see Pulteney. 
Poulton, Thos., 626. 
Potiwells, Jacob, 210. g 
Povey, Thos., inventor, petition of, 433. 
OR . Thos., of Thetford, 457, 466, 467, 471, 
474, 483, 492, 550, 557. 
EO asse L OLTEL OL Oie 
Powell, David, petition of, 648. 
s... John, of Pembroke, letters of (1668), 
8 (2), 14,18 (2), 27 (2); 81 (2), 36, 


see also 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Powell, John, of Pembroke—cont. 
42 (2), 54 (2), 64, 88, 91, 97, 99 (2), 
104, 110 (2), 116 (2), 122. 

ee sssey sarees (1669), 149 (2), 157, 160 (2), 
169 (2), 174, 183 (2), 191, 196, 204 
(2), 215 (2), 228, 233, 234, 246, 265, 
279 (2), 289, 293, 300, 307, 328, 345, 
352 (2), 357, 367 (2), 378 (2), 384 
(2), 890 (2), 394 (2), 399, 404, 410, 
413 (2), 418 (2), 429 (2), 432 (2), 
440, 442 (2), 447, 450 (2), 453, 459 
(2), 463 (2), 472 (2), 493 (2), 500 
(2), 502, 505 (2), 513 (2), 548 (2), 
552, 575, 580, 589, 600, 608 (2), 613, 
617, 625, 629. 

oR +, John, clerk, 604. 

Wastevene y eeeeeey petition of, 599. 

ETEA G , wife of, 599. 

done ..., Lady, 399. 

aha oY ar , niece of, see Croke, Lady Susan. 

Sesion , of Pendennis, 595. 

Power, Wm., 295. 

Powis, Lord, see Herbert, William. 

se. Barony of, Lords Marchers of, 364, 
365 (2). 

Pownall, Israel, 512. 

Poyer, widow, 204. 

Prado, Comte de, 495. 

Prerogative Office, will in, 311. 

Presbyterians, 8. 99, 100, 111, 183, 320, 426, 
Sm 617. 

Presentations, clerk of the, 344. 

Press, Act for regulating, alluded to, 446. 


AOSA , surveyor of, see L’ Estrange, Roger. 
Preston, Thos., 43. 
sonosntad , Ensign Thos., 429. 


Preston, co. Lancaster, common councilmen 
of, 362, 371, 373. 

seagate s , letters dated from, 362, 373, 575. 

Sopiecweste , Mayor of, 362. 

Prettiman, or Prettyman, Sir George, 39, 631. 

EAA , Sir John, Bart., 39, 204, 269, 631. 

EOE ser William, brother of, 269, 327, 


Pretty, Lieut. Saxey, 118 (2). 

Price, Ambrose, 373. 

aa ., Gervase, 275, 653. 

, Dr. John, chaplain of the Duke of 

Albemarle, 519, 520. 

Poin , Thos., letter of, 251. 

AAE , rector of Chalton, Hants, 113. 

PAN , Mr., 262. 

Prichard, John, petition of, 433. 

Pride [Col.], 135. 

Priests, Roman Catholie, 619. 

Princess Royal, the (late), see Orange, Mary, 
Princess of. 

Pringle, John, 73, 77, 269, 342. 

Printers, 130, 133, 357, 409, 411, 493, 654 
(2). 

Printing presses, &c., private or unlicensed, 
37, 654. 


743 


Prisons, marshals of, 156. 

Prisoners, 104, 132, 170, 182, 186, 315, 346, 
437, 462, 633; see also Chepstow, Ches- 
ter, Gatehouse, Tower; and London, 
Fleet, Newgate, and Whitechapel, pri- 


soners in. 

erano das , petitions, &c., of, 127, 437, 510, 644, 
645. 

oes »..., transportation of, see Plantations, 


transportation to. 
Prisoners at war (Christian), 176. 


raans (English). 62, 156, 484; see also 
Algiers. 
aeeeaereare (foreign), 155, 156 (2), 162. 


Pritchard, Hen., 409. 
Privateers (English), 84, 337, 570 (2). 
osa e (foreign), 127, 182, 204. 


Privy Council, or Council, the, 51, 135, 156, 
212, 233, 267, 290, 559. 


töoginio ., addresses or appeals to, alluded to, 
33, 47, 388. 

eens , appearances before, alluded to, 10, 
232. 

ess. see) DUSINeSS before, 10, 57, 120, 448, 
609, 649. 

OA Chamber, 402, 651. 

e aa s... Keepership of, 128. 

EET s «esna Officer of, 482. 


ENN , clerks of, 256, 358, 474, 475, 651. 

E y veeeeey extraordinary, 650. 

oee , committees of, 11, 211; see also 
Foreign affairs, Navy, and Trade, Com- . 
mittees for. 

oaoa , dismissal from, 495. 

eres , King in, see Charles II. in Council. 

nOA , letter of, 556. 

eaea , meetings of, alluded to, 98, 194, 277, 
297, 301, 473. 

DOT , members or Lords of, 232, 474. 

mr , nominations by, 50, 51, 565. 

OED , orders in, 30, 62 (2), 108, 121, 122, 
146, 154, 155, 183, 315, 346, 352, 357, 
370, 383, 437, 464, 508, 521, 542, 590, 
600. 

2 ae pele , alluded to, 42, 68, 109, 128, 136, 
193, 245, 261, 283, 288, 316, 338, 341, 
398, 437, 584, 614, 633. 

, proposed, 290. 

reos., Papers, &c., read in, or sent to, 108, 

254, 285, 376. 

IE , petitions to, alluded to, 10, 360, 648. 

odote , reference to, 208. 

„reports, &c., to, alluded to, 5, 133, 

446, 556, 652. 

Privy Purse, keeper of the, see May, Baptist. 

TRETA, , payments from, 103, 323. 

aiseag ae y «eee. petitions for, 433, 640. 

mADobO At , payments to, 136, 153, 163, 166, 382. 

Privy Seal or Seals, 148, 190 (2), 441, 461 
(2), 463, 514, 533. 

ees , alluded to, 19, 20, 23, 27, 41, 83, 
109, 136, 163, 166, 183, 191, 192, 194, 


744 


Privy Seal or Seals—cont. 
204, 231, 233, 238, 243, 264, 307, 327, 
377, 386 (2), 418, 461, 464, 498, 501, 
508, 526, 528, 531, 568, 591, 617 (2), 
650. 

aetna , clerks of, 208, 390, 435. 

poagodnod. adoods , letter to, 463. 

Sod gnOn aE , warrant to, 521. 

AAAA , Commissioners of, 435, 487, 499, 508, 
514, 5833. 


ES , Lord or Keeper of, 521; see also 
Robartes, John, Lord, 


ORA Office, 492. 
PENE , order for, 192. 
obadan , payments on, 14, 78, 239. 
E O AIEA , petitions for, 36, 69. 
ae ana ea , warrants for, 14, 247, 358, 366, 
588. 
Prize goods, discoveries or seizures of, 196, 
222, 641. 
eana , Commissioners for, 222. 
enant , embezzlement of, 61 (2), 196, 212, 
641. 
Bait , gifts of, 84. 
Bonagsein , list of, 641. 
Aan kauns , sale of, alluded to, 358. 
Prize money, 640. 
Suie Office, officers of, 137, 386. 
mclaren wines, 40. 


Prizes (ships, &c.), 22, 28, 84, 90, 180, 195, 
210, 290, 337 (2), 360 (2), 547, 627, 
633, 640; see also Dutch ships taken 
prize. 

siete , Act for, alluded to, 146. 

oS , naturalization, or making free of, 92, 
122 (2), 146, 193, 225, 638, 639. 


Roseudons , sale or purchase of, alluded to, 28, 
121, 358. 


e Re , Surveyor of, 211. 


ERa , treasurer for, see Cooper, Anthony, 
Ashley, Lord Ashley. 


A : treasurer for, at Dover, see Cooper, Mr. 
Eh , treasury of, 114. 

Prizes, Commissioners of, 114, 210. 

AA , s+... agent to, disbursements by, 562. 


ears se.” allowances by, alluded to, 47, 
138, 431. 


EAAS 5 donne LOEO PHL), 

EREE: s esata PETION tomo. 

R eaey LEOPOLD IN. Eld: 

nS anao ees alluded to ILOS, 

E ERO yae aio Warrant to, 84. 

AIBN , Sub-Commissioners of, 153. 

caste , Commissioners of Appeal on, 68. 

ALERT , Court of Appeals for, 84. 

Probert, Sir George, 451. 

Meare see Charles II., proclamations 
of. 

Proctor, the King’s, see Arches, Court of. 

Proctor, Rich., 454. 

Sites Wr. Mr., 537. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Progers, Edw., Groom of the Bedchamber, 
> 3277433: 
ranana aee i PETIONTOL ES 20. 
AES .... Thos., receiver of hearth money, 433, 
615. 
aroan , Mr., equerry, 509. 
Protestant officers, see Army, officers in. 
Protestants becoming Roman Catholic, 47. 
EENAA in France, see France, Protestants in. 
Provence, France, ship from, 440. 
Provost Marshal, see Thomas, Gilbert. 
Prowere, John, 85. 
Prussia, places in, 121, 356. 
an , traveller to, 653. 
Pryar, Jobn, 85. 
Prynne, Wm., arguments by, 113. 
Public accounts, see Accounts. 
aeaa moneys, accountant for, 308. 
Puckle, James, 387. 
Puffendorf, Sam., 141. 
eas e aat , letters of, 55, 570. 
Pugh, James, letter of, 26. 
Pulborough, Sussex, letter dated from, 16. 
EERE , traveller to, 354. © 
Pulham St. Mary the Virgin, Norfolk, rectory 
of, 333 (8), 341. 
Pulteney, or Poulteney, Sir Wm., Bart., 516. 
anona s caase PEtItion of, TUI. 
Punchion, Capt., 23. 
Purcell, Hen., musician, 277. 


Purfleet, Essex, ship at, 49. 
Pursuivant-at-arms, Bluemantle, 69, 173. 
Pye, Sir Rob., 592. 

Pyend, Capt. Step., 554. 

aane ioes ERSA , letter of, 343. 

Pyle, Rich., petition of, 287. 


Q 


Quakers, 59, 94, 102, 342, 372 (2), 424, 450, 
482 ; see also Penn, Wm. 

AN , imprisoned, 495, 644. 

OT , pamphlets concerning, 140. 

Quarrington Grange, co. Durham, 486. 

Quatremaine, Dr., late, 59. 

Queen, the, see Catherine of Braganza. 

A T Mother, the, see Henrietta Maria. 

Queenborough, or Quinborough, Kent, 81, 532. 

EOSS , hemp from, 81. 

Quick, Capt. Edw., information by, 426. 


‘GENERAL INDEX. 


R 


Rabinet, Joseph, 295, 306. 

Radcliffe, or Ratcliffe, John, 569. 

Caan > s13 Children of, 569 (2). 

Ragby, co. Lincoln, see Wragby. 

Ragley, co. Warwick, books to, 513. 

ater .., letters addressed to, 102, 223. 

Ragusa, Signor Georgio de Paolo di, 361. 

Rainbow, Edw., Bishop of Carlisle, 75, 259, 
269, 414. 

sauce T , petition of, 379. 

Raine, Mr., postmaster, 522, 

Rainham, Norfolk, letter dated from, 424. 

Rainolds, Melchior, affidavit by, 303. 

Rainsford, Capt. Fras., 586, 622. 

Raleigh, George, 649. 

AT e petition of, 649. 

EE S AIN , John, son of, 649. 

Rame Head, ship lost near, 87. 

Ramsay, George, Lord Ramsay (son of 
William Ramsay, second Karl of Dal- 
housie), 528. - 

Ramsey, John, 96, 177. 

Ramsey, Ireland, people of, 116. 

Ramsgate, Kent, boats of, 123. 

Rand, Capt. Wm., master attendant at Chat- 
ham, 334. 

A > sea ee Certificates by, 281, 469, 515, 
540, 586. 


E R eaa letters of, 258, 424, 457. 
Randall, Benj., 46. 


Ranelagh, Lady, see Jones. 

Rankins, Thos., 274, 302, 303 (2). 

Ranso [or Rantzau, Detlev, Count or] Mar- 
quis de, 408. 

Ratcliffe, John, see Radcliffe. 

a ea my Col oND: 

Rathery, servant at Chatham, 303. 

Ravens, Capt. Thos., 96, 278, 481, 489. 

Rawden, Sir George, 172, 518. 

Rayner, Edmond, 458 (?). 

Jaa 5 «sees, tender by, 126. 

Raynsford, Sir Rich., 185, 189, 190. 

Read, Sir John, Bart., 603. 

eea n » ses... Alisimon, wife of, petition of, 


Reade, Reb., 131. 

Reading, Berks, house burnt at, 379. 
gronn +e, person at, 530. 

oS .... timber at, 494. 

Record Office, service in, 135 (2). 
Records, Scottish, see Scottish. 
Redbridge, Hants, boat at, 443. 
Redman, printer, 88, 107, 110. 
nen a eaa , wife of, 110. 


745 


Rednall, Rob., 149. 

Redriff (Rotherhithe), Surrey, resident at, 394. 

Reed, Capt., 482, 520. 

Reeve, Sir George, Bart., letter of, 490. 

AES, eneee petition of, 124. 

pena p sweets, Mather of, 124. 

MRE , Sir Henry, 124. 

Sogencaric »Capt., 484. 

Reeves, Wm., 78. 

Reidge, Mr., see Ridge. 

Religion, experiences of, 141. 

Remiremont, Lorraine, letter dated from, 394. 

Renberge, Guelderland, resident near, 619. 

Reperda, E., 619. 

Repington, Seabright, 347, 374. 

Requests, Master of, see Beverley, Sir Thos. 

Reresby, Sir John, letter cf, 228. 

aa Balen tes , letter to, 213. 

E , ++... Yarburgh, brother of, 218, 228. 

Restoration, the, see Charles II., restoration 
of. 

Retford, Notts, resident at, 273. 

aia aS? , Queen’s Head Inn at, 273. 

Revenue, the, see Hearth money, Poll money, 
Royal aid, and Taxes. 

Reymes, Col. Bullen, 253. 


PASEO ees letters Or, = 2S loge (2) 168; 
462. 
ooa Goog , note to, 156. 


Reynell, Rich., certificate by, 424. 
Reynolds, Edw., Bishop of Norwich, 333. 


Ra > saeeeey Letters to, 12, 445. 

AE esaer DOCE DY Los 

ETAS aee euen LEPOLL ea Os L07 LOS. 

EAT. , Rich., 356. 

Perio , Rob., 518, 539, 547. 

aes > erase Widow of, 539. 

Rhé, Isle of, expedition to, alluded to, 646, 
CATA 


Rhine, resident near the, 74. 
Rhinegrave, the, see Palatine, Elector. 
Ricaut, Paul, Consul at Smyrna, 36, 479, 480. 


erren cez seeresy Letters to, 362, 478. 
EE , =... James, kinsman of, 479. 


Riccard, Sir Andrew, Governor of the Levant 
Company, 257, 240, 477. 


TE >e...) Certificate by, 460. 
EER > sereeey petitions of, 590, 646. 
Eae > nenesa FePort of, 240: 

Rich, Robert, Earl of Holland, 656. 
Sivas shale ,—, Countess of Holland, 656. 


Rich, Peter, tenders by, 126, 636. 
Pa secant , Mr., 648 (2). 

Richard II., rolls of, 133. 
Richards, John, letter of, 14. 
Maona » «sss. petition of, 531. 


746 


Richardson, Thomas, Baron Richardson, of 
Cramond, 434. 


Richardson, John, 631. 


T , Thos., petition of, 308. 

S cat , Ensign Thos., 252. 

Richelieu [Armand John du Plessis], Car- 
dinal, 55. 


Richison, John, 399, 570.° 
Richmond, Duke of, see Stuart. 
D Herald, see St. George, Henry. 


Richmond, Surrey, manor of, 170 (?). 

OON Park, repairs in, 60, 

aa S , keepers of, warrant to, 274. 

ess , Yorkshire, traveller to, 487. 

Ridge, or Reidge, Rich., 210, 260, 263, 313, 
322, 503, 523, 530, 534, 558. 

enedes, > se... petition of, 649. 

Ridgway, Edw., letter of, 21. 

aae s , Thos., 85. 

ass senesiubnnse Letter Olsen. 

wenk eat DCLILLON OSO: 

Ridley, Capt. Hugh, letter of, 322. 

Riga, Russia, 57, 81. 

Rigg, Ambrose, 323. 

Ripon, Dean of, see Lamplough, Dr. Thos. 


TORET (late), see Wilkins, Dr. John. 
SE ... resident at, 273 (2). 
Rip-raps, ship aground on, 110. a 


Rise, Mustapha, 633. 

Rivers, Earl, see Savage. 
Rivers, shipwright, 303. 
Rizze, Hieronymo, 74. 

EONS » sree, daughter of, 74. 


Robartes, John, Lord Robartes, Lord Keeper 
of the Privy Seal, 161, 382, 417, 435, 
463, 492, 499, 514, 521. 

Hoog Oooo odon , as Lord Lieutenant or Viceroy 
of Ireland, 225, 299, 301, 367, 895, 
432, 440, 444, 447 (?), 449, 451-453, 
457, 472, 473, 484, 486, 487 (2), 490 
(2), 494, 496, 497, 514, 517, 522, 559, 
560, 571, 624. 


ES E , references to, 166, 390. 
Seawise 5 esda WATTANE tO, 23. 
Saoto POC , family of, 559. 

EO ANOO , secretary of, see Ford, Hen, 


Robbins, John, 95. 

Robert, Prince, see Rupert. 

Robert, Ant., 649. 

AATA ses... petition of, 649. 

Roberts, Edw., petition of, 634. 

SEAS , George, letters, &c., of, 497, 582, 623. 
E , Jobn, petition of, 147. 

Na , Thos., receipt by, 561. 

Robin, 528. 

Robinson, Hen, 644. 


oo , Henry, prisoner, petition of, 649. 

Orra , John, 35. 

ERA y ohvssey letters OL, 10, T851 208,1831, 
340, 363. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Robinson—cont. 
asisas Sir John, Bart., Lieutenant of the 
Tower, 89, 133, 543, 621 (2), 622 (2). 

seereeseey seiza COMpany of, lieutenant of, 586. 
nA eee , letters of, 355, 395. 

oie Ias aer ea Dote DIA 222: 

P S A > easar, Petition of, 578. 

eae sessy seeeeey SiQnature Of, 656. 

warrants to, 98, 146, 222 (2), 


rena , Capt. Rob., 226. 

EOS eena letter or 279. 

Rete phos 611 (2). 

, Wm., 551. 

Robson, Thos., 12. 

EAT Jeera) Letter of Loon. 

Reena , Wm., petition of, 649. 

Roche, James, 222. 

sseaaeaee , John, letter of, 167. 

Rochelle, France, 47, 74, 266, 324, 415. 

sodepebar , English troops at, 646. 

RE , St. John du Perrot in, rector of, 74. 

Raka , Ships to or from, 4, 36, 110, 118, 149, 
196, 201, 209, 288, 307, 331, 355, 415, 
452, 489, 581, 596, 625. 

Rochester, Bishop of, see Dolben, John. 

arasi . Dean of, see Hardy, Dr. Nath. 

Rochester, 85, 295, 296, 506, 512. 

Sacra , Custom House officers at, 506. 
. letters dated from, 331, 343. 

aues , postmaster at, 295, 302. 

Rockingham Forest, co. Northampton, 266,853. 

Aeon r... West Bailiwick of, ranger of, 652. 

Rodd, James, 590. 

Roettiers, John, Joseph, and Philip, 270. 

Roffey, James, 179. 

Roger, Gideon, 441. 

oaoot} s ee request by, 441. 

EE » Henry, 217. 

Rogers, Edw., Sewer in Ordinary to the Great 
Chamber, 33. 

Snacpoods » Fras., 39, 90, 204, 631. 

antan: j sssacsy Letter of, S: 

T , John, 539, 547 (2). 

aeneon , Thos., of Coventry, 25. 

OE , Thos., Surrey receiver, 327 (2). 

nosco , ropemaker, 280. 

Rolfe, Wm., 262. 

Rolleston, Major John, 333. 


Rolls, the, Master of, see Grimstone, Sir 
Harbottle. 


REEN , chapel of, papers in, 225. 

AE Office, 272. 

EIEN , records in, keeper of, warrant to, 101. 

Aah , will obtained from, 194. 

Roman Catholics, Romanists, or Papists, 47, 
110, 143, 255, 278, 619. 

AK .., imprisonment of, 643. 

i s. Officers, see Army, officers in. 

seseveeey priests, 368, 619. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Roman powder and gloves, 559. 

Romans, the, 543. 
Rome, 191, 619. 

coaotoe de » book printed at, 314. 

aodo .«. Consul at, 623. 

Soo ..., England feudatory to, 140. 
Sooaog00¢ , letter dated from, 559. 

oeae nna .., travellers to, 456, 495. 

Romney Marsh, Kent, wool from, 128. 
Mee ctesent , New, meeting at, 438. 

Rondeau, Sieur Isaac, 47. 

Rookwood, Nich., 108. 

Rooth, Capt. Rich., 20, 22, 158, 174. 
Reena eas letters Of, 54, 1168) 185, 205; 
Roper, Fras., 153, 509. 

Roschild Treaty, alluded to, 186. 

Rose, Stephen, 150, 280. 

Rose Castle, Cumberland, 75, 379. 
Rosilly, Carmarthenshire, wreck near, 17. 
Ross, Thos., letters of, 29, 116. 
Rotherhithe, see Redriff. 

Rothes, Earl of, see Lesly. 

Rothwell, see Rowel. 

Rotterdam, Holland, letter dated from, 451. 


saei ,»., merchants of or from, 387, 389. 
ssscaneery residents at, 51, 144. 

scenes , Ships of, 118, 133, 625. 

aah , Ships to or from, 21, 51, 59, 75, 143- 


145, 152, 207, 209, 239, 240, 252, 307, 
331, 371, 396, 413, 438, 446, 458, 500, 
505, 550, 613. 

Rotton, Mr., 415. 

Rouen, France, 98 (2), 560. 

AT , English merchants at, 283. 

oe eik , plague at, 8, 18, 88, 219. 

aenean , ships to or from, 162, 219, 409, 509, 
624, 

OTO , wine from, 132, 624. 

Rous, Thos, M.A., 575, 597. 

Rouse, Mr., discharge from, 175. 

Row, Wm., Windsor, 73. 

Rowe, John, Yarmouth, 466, 481. 

Rowel (? Rothwell, co. Northampton), non- 
conformists at, 481. 

Rowly, boatswain, 532. 

Rowse, Dudley, receiver at Windsor Castle, 
warrants to, 167, 460. 

Roxburgh, Earl of, see Kerr. 

Royal Aid, 96, 441. 


e aS , receivers, &c., for, 138, 139, 
640. 

SADOAOMGS Company, see African Company. 

Gnosseoer family, 141. 

Eao Society, fellows and council of, list 
of, 82. 

taeewsees seve .«.„ grant to, 258. 

eoa eO , meeting of, for election of of- 
ficers, ticket of invitation for, 79. 

RO , meeting place of (Arundel 


House), 79. 
ea aaaea IBCMDEPIOL) LOT. 


TAT 


Royal Society—cont. 


A care , Philosophical Transactions of, 
76 

econo PAE , President of, see Brouncker, 
Lord 

aaas ease , request to, 76. 


Roye, Hen., 476. 
Royer, Gideon, 163. 
Royley, Fras., letter to, 251. 
eran >... Wife and daughter of, 251. 
Royston, Rich., 37 (2). 
Royston, co. Cambridge and Herts, resident 
at, 301. 
ANNES , robbery of the mail near, 525. 
Ruben, Jacob, certificate by, 118. 
Ruckholts, letter dated from, 413. 


Rudd, John, letters of, 302, 305, 366, 431, 
443, 476, 526. 
Ruffhead, John, 512, 528, 529, 540, 551, 554, 


624. 
oE ors AAI , letters of, 267, 274, 286, 441. 
sales > e... particulars by, 551. 
EEE E , petition of, 274. 
a eas «esce, tender, &¢., by, 635, 636 (2). 


Rumbold, Hen., 276. 
e euas ssni letters of, 148, 560. 


Rumney, Kent, prisoners at, 492. 

Rumsey, Col. John, 542, 561. 

Rumsey, Hants, manor of, 487, 561. 

Rupert, or Robert, Prince Palatine of the 
Rhine, cousin of the King, 8, 52 (3), 
53, 136, 218, 220, 252, 255, 310, 317, 
322, 468, 560, 575, 585, 611. 

EE , as Constable of Windsor Castle, 23, 
43 (2), 389, 504. 

Aanand , chaplain of, 322. 

RS , instructions by, 189. 

RETS , lease from, 73. 

Siena , order of, alluded to, 128. 

snails’ , regiment or company of, 78. 

ETa , secretary of, see Hayes, Jas. 

eres , surgeon to, Mons. Choqué, 136. 

SAA » warrants to, 91, 389. 


aoa ius , mother of, see Bohemia, Elizabeth, 
Queen of. 


doacanden , brother of, see Palatine Elector. 
Rushout, Sir James, Bart., petition of, 649. 


Rushton, co. Northampton, letter dated from, 
T75: 


Rushworth, John, report by, 212. 
Russell, John, purveyor of timber, 331, 495, 


630. 

N s esses INVOICE by, 28. 

EAN conn letters of, 85, 158, 174, 305, 
356, 397, 417, 516, 606, 622. 

REAT , Jo., of Norfolk, 297 (?). 

ET p seeeee, letters of, 25, 213, 471 (?). 

aa E , Col. John, 421. 

masah de > c.e... regiment of, 58, 245, 252, 267, 


268, 333, 416, 455, 608. 


748 


Russia, Czar or Emperor of [Alexius Michael- 
owitz |, 23, 495. 


aako > sss... CDVOY from, 495. 
Es Ao yee oe) envoy extraordinary to, 163. 
aai > «eres, letter to, alluded to, 163. 


Russia, traveller to, 528. 

Rustat, Tobias, 413, 455. 

Rutherford, Andrew, first Lord Rutherford, 
213. 

Rutlandshire, estate in, 189. 

TA RT , Sheriff of, 189 (2). 

Rutter, R., warrant to, 604. 

Ruyter [Michael Adrian de, Dutch Admiral], 
363. 

Rydal, Westmoreland, letter dated from, 320. 

Ryde, Isle of Wight, letter dated from, 1. 

Ryder, Ant., 256. 

naa , Rich., 277, 615. 

Rye, Sussex, 218, 442, 

Seh , letters dated from, 170, 186, 221, 442, 
448, 545. 

AT , Mayors of, see Welsh, James, and 
Harris, Edmond. 

onon , resident at, 408. 

Rye (grain), see Corn. 

Ryley, Fras., letter of, 489. 

Saona , Jo., letter of, 656. 

aooo ,» Wm., sen., 135. 

see Ani Wm., jun., petition of, 135. 

enas ee amy Obed SD, 

Ryvehop, co. Durham, lease at, 193. 

Ryves, Sir Thos., 53. 

iste aN > e... Eliz., widow of, petition of, 53. 


S 


S. T. P. (Sanctæ Theologiæ Professor), degree 
of, 268 (2), 358. 

Sabine, Rich., 321. 

Sacrament, the, Act concerning 
tion Act. 

Sere aes , directions for receiving, 140. 

Spocdnnur , plate for, 176. 

Seen , taking of, by corporations, 616. 

Sadler, Hen., 456. 

Trini , Theodore, 353, 357. 

Sadlington, Lieut. Rich., 202, 360, 590. 

Saffron Walden, Essex, church and minister 
of, 44. 

Saint, Mr., 114. 

St. Agatha, stories of, 299, 

St. Alban’s, Earl of, see Jermyn. 

St. Alban’s, Herts, robbery near, 208. 

St. Asaph, Bishop of, see Glenham, Hen. 

Trenance , cathedral of, prebend in, 565. 

ENAA , diocese of, particulars of, 257. 

St. Burian, Cornwall, deanery of, 421. 


, see Corpora- 


GENERAL INDEX. 


St. Christophers, Island of, West Indies, 14, 
432. 

Nantel , French in, 14, 119. $ 

St. Cloud, near Paris, Duchess of Orleans to, 
412. 

St. Cross, Hants, hospital of, 312. 

oroi s aenn Masten on oll 


St. David’s Head, ship to, 279. 


EST , ships wrecked near, 110, 116. 


St. George, Hen., Richmond Herald, 78, 84. 

St. George, feast of, 167. 

St. Germains, France, paper dated from, 649. 

St. Helen’s, Isle of Wight, ships to or from, 
74, 422. f 

Sapepodtc Road, ships in, 65-67, 161, 175, 179, 
266, 268, 414, 605 (?), 606, 610. 

FOOTIE , =... letters dated from, 414 (2), 606. 

St. Ives, Cornwall, ship near, 75. 

St. Jean de Luz, France, English at, 283. 

St. John, Lord of Basing, see Paulet, Chas. 

St. John (Oliver), 387, 425. 

St. John’s Wood, Little, Middlesex, 323. 

St. Ledger, Col. Heyward, 447. 

E > veseeey letter of, 447. 

St. Lucar, Spain, Consul for, 143, 560. 

a , news from, 88. 

Sado , Ships from, 77, 81 (2), 88. 

St. Malo, France, 70, 87. 

aiae iS , earthquake at, 4, 80. 

Ae AN , hemp from, 152, 158. 

sabes , news from, 4, 80, 362, 407. 

sanasan , residents at, 117, 283. 

avaat , Ships of, 61, 127. 

eaae , Ships to or from, 4, 80-82, 167, 231, 
262, 272, 277, 362, 548, 608, 610. 

St. Martin’s, France, ship from, 283. 

St. Mawes Castle, Cornwall, letter dated from, 
555. 

St. Michel, B., muster-master at Deal, letters 

_ of, 96, 175, 809, 326. 
St. Paul, Comte de, 612. 


St. Peters, near Leghorn, Navy provisions at, 
264, 265. 


St. Sebastian, Spain, 229. 

St. Valery, France, ships to or from, 266, 555. 
Teena: , travellers to or from, 145, 218. 

St. Vincent, Cape (Spain), ships off, 628. 

St. Vincent’s, West Indies, ships to, 22. 
Saintes (France), parliament of, 47. 


Sale and Confirmation, Acts- of, alluded to, 
199, 


Salee, see Sally. 
Salesbury, Capt. Hugh, J.P., 195. 


ato gndbang! dodaci , as clerk of the Survey at Ports- 
mouth, 319 (2), 473. 
EO geeseseg LOLCErS CCC ONI OLOOS) md ml Os 


15, 18, 20, 27, 31, 34, 40, 45, 48, 5L 
57, 58, 61, 65-67, 72, 74, 76, 87, 88, 
91, 93, 97, 99, 105, 115, 116. 

(1669), 146, 153, 161, 175 
179, 187, 196, 197, 204, 209, 221 (2), 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Salesbury, Capt. Hugh, J.P., letters, &c., of 
(1669)—cont. 


228, 233, 238, 242, 243, 246, 253, 258, 

265, 268, 271, 275, 276, 279, 287, 289, 
294, 297, 302, 307, 310, 318, 319, 325, 
329, 332, 335, 340, 342, 345, 348, 355, 
357, 360; 363, 366, 369, 374, 377, 392, 
401, 448, 450, 452 (2), 457, 459, 460, 
463, 466, 470, 475, 489, 492, 494, 496, 
503, 506, 514, 544, 548, 552, 556, 560, 
564, 567, 570, 573 (2), 280, 583, 585, 
588, 590, 593, 594, 596, 603, 605, 610, 
614, 616, 617, 622, 624, 625. 

Dees > «c.e; letters on behalf of, see Collier, 
Chas., letters of. 

Salic Law, alluded to, 375. 

Salings, Hamme, 54, 

Salisbury, Bishop of, see Ward, Seth. 

Cathedral of, prebend in, 224. 

Dean and Chapter of, letter to, 224. 

Salisbury, Wilts, 301, 443. 

aS , mail at, 184. f 

Salkeld, Ralph, petition of, 173. 

Sally, or Salee, Morocco, 180, 535. 

inhabitants of, 20. 

EE » peace with, 241, 266. 

Oar , Ships of, or Sally men, 20, 22, 33, 48, 


54, 78, 81, 86, 95, 296, 318, 398, 444, 
468, 484, 535, 612, 


AE , ships at, to, or from, 15, 54, 78, 169, 
292, 468. 


Salmon, Peter, 552. 
Salop, see Shropshire, 


EEEETETET] 


OTETETTIT] 


erooseeseg 


Salt, 4. 

Rs .., duty or customs on, farmers of, 131. 
maa aeni French and Spanish, 181. 

Saren esey Scottish, 40. 

AOE , ships laden with, 5, 77, 81, 88, 111, 


118, 149, 183, 207, 296, 324, 328, 331, 
341, 355, 356, 365, 369, 381, 394, 413, 
415, 438, 442, 447, 458, 460, 511, 550 
(2), 563 (2), 578, 587, 625. 

Salter, Her., 626. 

Saltwell-side, co. Durham, resident at, 657. 

Samborne, Thos., 253. 

Sambrooke, Jeremy, 407. 

aa a MAY widOw.Ol, 40/7. 

Samine, John, 573. 

Sampford, John, 642. 

Samuel, Wm., 393. 

Samwell, Ant., letter of, 307. 

Sancroft, Dr. Wm., Dean of St. Paul’s, 522. 

naan s <... letter to, 592. 

Sandbach, co. Chester, parish of, 467. 

Sanders, Sarah, 105. 

eaS , Thos., 41. 

Sanderness Grange, Cumberland, 
at, 641. 

Sanderson, Robt., late Bishop of Lincoln, 140. 

Sandford, Rich., 413, 455. 

ecloso0Get [Thos.], Ensign, 151. 

Sandilands, Alex., 40. 

Sands, Simon, 125. 


resident 


749 


Sandwich, Earl of, see Montague. 
Sandwich, Kent, 148, 184, 492, 594. 

E , mayor and jurats of, 438. 

Toveis , Ship of, 489. 

h , Suit of, with Cinque Ports, 438, 448. 
AT Bay, conger eel in, 152. 

Sandys, William, sixth Lord Sandys, 159, 177. 
O ACV Peer POEMON Ota. 

Henry, seveuth Lord Sandys, 205. 
Sandys [Major Fras.], 28. 

Sir Rich., 610, 613, 614. 

AN s saec Wine OR 610, 614. 


IR Sir Thos., Bart., 1, 26, 212, 217, 273, 
357, 646. 


srsesossrg 


seerereney 


Sarsfield, Wm., 90, 280. 

Sartan, Capt. Stephen, 594 (2). 
Saumur, France, description of, 324. 
letter dated from, 324. 
Saunders, Capt. Fras., 105, 264. 
Savage, John, second Earl Rivers, 199. 


Cy) 


E ESIS Thomas, third Earl Rivers, 199, 202. 
reas 5 eer letter of, 487. 
aeai , e... petition of, 488. 

R >... Thomas, Viscount Colchester, 
son of, 199. 

a E seene anena Charlotte, wife of, 199. 

agpdddaunrepadent: Sodged- Ab ONG , father of, see Stanley, 
Charice, Karl of Derby. 

Sauget > seeeeey aNCeStors of, 487. 

Sean Sir Edw., 58, 308. 

Pacem » sss... Diece of, see Holloway, Margt. 

maleate Dr. ears. 532. 

Savile, Thomas, Earl of Sussex, 537. 

eae >... James, Earl of Sussex, his son, 
537 

ESAS > eec Frances, his daughter, 537. 

Eear George, Viscount Halifax, 225, 524. 

ER > <... Order signed by, 521. 


Savile, John, 524, 525. 

Saville, Henry, 222 (2), 240. 

Savoy, Duke of [Charles Emmanuel II.], 
dominions of, 104. 

, envoy from, 509. 

OE > +... horses and dogs for, 403. 


Duchess of, late [Francisca Magda- 
lena], 509. 


Sawyer, Sir Edm., 327. 

Saxham, Suffolk, 471. 

Aoo King’s visit to, 8. 

Saxony, Elector of [John George II.], envoy 
tos LOT 

Saywell, Goodman. 67. 

Scanderoon, Levant, ships to or from, 480, 577. 

Scandia, port of, 438. 

Scarborough, ship of, 80. 

Scargill, or Scargell, Dan., B.A., 347, 439. 

Scarlett, Thos., 614. 

Scawen, Rob., 139. 


soessersey 


750 


Schomberg, M., or Count or Marquis de, 14, 74. 
Perce , regiment of, 90, 130. 

E , Marquis, second son of, 74 (2). 
, Barbara Ludovica Rizze, 


EERTE EEI 9 


ecoeerery 


seeeeneee gossremeg sesers 


wife of, 74. 
, letter of, 74. 


Scilly Isles, 28, 243, 413. 

Sclater, Wm., 5. 

ATE Meee letter of, Sl. 

Scot, Thos., 647. 

Scotland, 40, 51, 403, 498, 517, 528. 

, Admiralty Court of, 28, 121, 290, 

337 (2), 638. 

senes , archbishops and bishops of, 657. 

Seaton ,arms for, see Scots, arms bought by. 

eei , Book of Common Prayer in, 517. 

BACAR , Church government in, 511. 

Saoi , conventicles in, 588 (2). 

eai , Council of, 533. 

G e ORGS OE, DS 

aO , Earl Marshal of, see Keith. 

Faayogaçs , Episcopal Church in, 538 (2). 

e stele , exiled ministers of, 517. 

Gacunintass , King in, alluded to, 511. 

aae , King’s supremacy in, Act concerning, 
592. 

OANE , Lord Chancellor of, see Lesley, Earl 
of Rothes. 


eieaa , Lord Commissioner of, see Maitland, 
Earl of Lauderdale. 


aoo y s... late, see Middleton, Lord. 


aatend , Lord High Constable of, see Hay, 
Earl of Erroll. 


sorters ..-, militia of, Act concerning, 581. 

aaie saesae alluded to, 592. 

seee Parliament or Estates of, Acts of, 
papers printed in, 588, 546, 581, 610, 
626. 

Bape pata s see.. Acts passed in, 581, 592. 

suena lenk a a aa ELE Ole 626, 

PEEN SRR , Commissioners for, 528. 

saent pleated , Committee of, 538. 

ES s eseas Elections for, 517. 

esans s sesana Letters Of, tO, the King, 546, 


OEEETELI 


Aa E , proceedings in, 538, 546 (2), 


PAE » «ses, Speech to, by the Lord Com- 
missioner, 588. 


Hewane , Parliament of (late), 581. 


Ponti , Parliament House, Edinbureh, 538 
546. aa as 


Reet: »» Roman Catholics in, 619. 
aquatica , Ships of, see Scottish ships. 
ORO , ships in, prize, 28, 337 (2). 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Scotland—cont. 

Anees , ships from, 79, 107, 418. 

, timber or masts from, 118, 151. 

, trade of, with Holland, 134, 139. 

A messy eee.. Commissioners for, 40, 134. 

, travellers to or from, 128, 129, 448, 
508, 528. 

PERTE , union of, with England, see England. 
ESA , West of, 469. 


Scots, Scotch, or Scottish, 135. 

EEO , arms bought by, 372, 373. 

naea: cattle, 491, 565. 

E a , Act concerning, alluded to, 565. 

Pea ean coal, 40, 621. 

eases .. goods, customs on, 79. 

eons men, 273, 396, 511, 527. 

eare merchants in Netherlands, 189. 

AT nobles, 528 (2). 

EE privateers, 193, 337. 

aprccvaste records, 135. 

seses... TEports concerning, 320. 

esaeran SAIGA Op 

ET ships or Scotchmen, 36, 122, 186, 294, 
501. 

(aneao ships bought by English merchants, 
638, 639. 


aoa socne , staple port for, see Scotland, trade of, 
with Holland. 


adenodaas trumpeter, 133. 


Scott, James, Duke of Monmouth and Buc- 
cleugh, 9, 24, 83, 112. 


sssssesse 


sssesesoe 


PA > e...’ gentleman of, 471 (8), 472. 
EAT > sere, Tegiment of, 121. 

nace , e.. Lady Anne, wife of, 113. 
Scott, John, 640, 641. 

Ene ssena Dr. Peter, son of, 640, 641. 
O EO PR NEEN , wife of, 640. 

sean , Tim., 188. 


Scoutmaster General, 424. 

Scudamore, John, Viscount Scudamore, letter 
of, 62. 

Seaford, Sussex, letter dated from, 296. 

Seagrave, Mr., 432. 

Seales, Mat., 642. 

Seamen, see Mariners. 

Seasoncote, co. Gloucester, lands at, 390. 

RAD COCA .., park in, 645. 

Seaton, co. Yorks, manor of, 551. 

Sebergham, Cumberland, letter dated from, 10. 

Secretaries of State, 11, 124 (2), 163, 192, 
238, 265, 307, 446, 571, 612, 654; see 
also Bennet, Lord Arlington, and 
Trevor, Sir John. 


losis T ains , Office of, 271. 

a E wrens , salaries of, 215, 398. 

AE A ISR , former, see Nicholas, Sir Edw. 
ANAE o paranes LOFEiON, 129. 


Sedan, France, student at, 268. 
Sedbergh, co. York, school at, 218. 
Seely, Chris., letter of, 76. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Sefton, Mr., 614. 

Segar, Sir Wm., late Garter King at Arms, 69. 
Eroe oiia Capt. Thos., son of, 173, 294. 
As anias AEREN ENI SS , petition of, 69. 
Sekerson, or Sekerston, robber, 236, 241. 
Selby, Mr., 12 

Self, Chris., 437. 

Seliendael, of Tartary, 375. 

Selkirk, Earl of, see Hamilton, William. 
Sempringham, co. Lincoln, Monastery of, 211. 
Senault, I. F., Jesuit, 579. 

Sequestrations, Commissioners of, 465. 
Serjeant, Mark, 218. 

Serjeants-at-Arms, 133, 222, 361, 597. 
ouoanoGtS » warrant to, 222. 

Sermon, Dr. Wm., 441, 486. 

Seven Provinces, see Holland. 

Seville, Spain, coin of, 480. 

qaoousose , consulship of, 560. 

Sewers, assessors and collectors for, 442. 
eea , Commissioners for, 573, 600. 
espe > seeseey letter to, 162. 


Seymour, Anne, see Sharp, Anne. 
Aepcosace , Edw., 84. 


a... Henry and John, petition of, reference 
on, 393. 


nes , Lieut. Henry, 500. 
Eeoae e , J., letter of, 649. 

eE , John, printer, 493, 539. 
eraser , Rich., 486. © 

Sexly (Hants ?), resident at, 531. 


Shakerley, Sir Geoffry, Governor of Chester 
Castle, 375, 407, 571. 


TEE iara , letters of, 354, 378, 378, 394, 
396, 404, 490, 533. 

rO > e... Warrant by, 404. 

SIO sessao WA rTraAn p tO, Ol 

Shales, Capt. John, 223, 521, 529, 530, 566, 
628. 

aoaaa condée , letter of, 264. 


Shapton, or Shaxton, Judith, 590, 620. 
Shardelows, co. Bucks, resident at, 133. 
Sharland, or Shorlin, Capt. Jas., 399, 432. 


Faseren deniar letters of, 254, 264, 280; 352, 
409. 
a ara , receipt by, 90. 


Sharp, Anne, alias Seymour, 199, 211. 

Sharpe, Math., 320. 

REE > esec, petition of, 241. 

Anohado0g) Cubos , John, son of, 241 (2), 242, 320, 
386, 429. 

e e E petition of, 319) 

A , discoverer, 235. 

Shaw, Dan., 25. 


eae , Sir John, Bart., 24, 81, 175, 196, 353, 
378, 506. 


Shaxton, Judith, see Shapton. 
Sheerness, Kent, 46, 136, 608, 


751 


Sheerness, Kent—cont. 

eaae OL atsoO4 C2). 

a rem anne . Governor of, 364 (2). 
50o e.. King’s visit to, 418. 


Sheffield, Edmund, second Earl of Mulgrave, 
Elizabeth, Glow of, 335, 656. 


RRs oh >s... Second husband of, see 
Bennet Sir John. 


conndtiod , John, third Earl of Mulgrave, 551, 656. 
Sheffield, co. York, resident near, 654. 
Sheldon, Fras., 502. 


., Gilbert, Archbishop of Canterbury, 
110, 247, 251, 369, 439, 481, 527. 


Godoa s eee.. Certificate by, 346. 

Rane „s.s... Chaplain of, 280. 

qaonQc8or j -eases Letters (0, S/s 655: 

LENENA > ereere DOLE by, 649. 

easi tesy seseeey Feference to, 523. 

seeaseseey coeeeey treasurer Of, see Snowe, Ralph. 

PAOS eg seeeeey Warrants to, 281, 532, 612. 

aoaiga , Wm, clerk of the cheque at Wool- 
wich, 85, 223. 

anodoa s seeeeey Certificates by, 60, 85 (2), 286. 

AEOS p eeaeee letters Of, 69, 71, 81, 400. 

A0BO0000 , Capt. Wm., deputy-governor of 
Guernsey, 131, 500. 

Kono Bs cocked , petition of, 127. 

BOgEHOTHE > «sees, Lady Mary Stansmore, wife of, 


petition of, 131. 
Shepherd, Capt., 13 


Teese iads AA , letter to, 13. 
Shepton Mallet, co. Somerset, resident at, 
657. 


Sherborne, co. Dorset, Hospital of St. John 
Baptist and St. John Evangelist at, 
master of, 91, 653. 

aera ota > see.) lands belonging to, 653. 

Sherburne, Edw., ordnance officer, 542. 

ses ee AG aet , letters of, 18, 24, 28, 162, 197, 
227, 230, 254, 264, 334, 359, 397, 574, 
593. 

Sheres, Henry, 202. 

Sheridan, W., Irish dean, 518. 

wena saree SEE letters Onno; wooor 

Sheriff-Hutton, co. York, manor of, 64. 

Sheriffs, see under the various counties. 

Sherley, Sir Thos., 53. 


eT > esee; Anne, wife of, 53. 
o S ees esenea DECON Of 92: 
Sherlock, Rich., letters of, 285, 342. 
Jecaooxen mice sd , Son of, 342. 


Sherly, Hen., 329. 

Sherwood, Lord, 157. 

Jopacanoc » =... Margaret (?), daughter of, 157. 
Sherwood Forest, co. Notts, 398. 

e AARE CEER , timber from, 158, 182, 331. 
a cates , traveller to, 582. 


seeeseeeey Ships to and from, 41, 98. 
Shillingworth, consul at Leghorn, 157. 
Shipdham, Sam., 100, 


752 


Ships, 


seer eeneny 


tee eeeeeny 


oe) 


eee e weeny 


oeervesvey 


esreoorerg 


OTETEEEES] 


soreseoso 


seosocsssy 


OTETERETE] 


see eeeeeey 


FAO GOSOOD , men-of-war, 22, 81, 


Po reeeney 


... companies 


GENERAL INDEX. 


shipping, vessels, boats, &c., casual 
notices of, passim; see also Fleet and 
Navy. 
accounts, particulars, or reports of, 7, 
175, 226 (2). 
, affronts to, 407. 
appraisement or valuation of, 76. 
builder of, see Baylie, Fras. 
building of, 260, 537; see also the 
various dockyards, ships building at. 
, chaplains of, 2, 30, 647, 649. 
commanders (or captains) of, 24, 41, 
70-72, 189, 160, 174, 204, 214, 216, 
222, 226, 233, 264, 279, 280, 299, 383, 
390, 395, 399, 405, 413, 414 (2), 429, 
431, 432, 439, 487, 506, 520, 521, 533, 
540, 548, 552, 574, 600, 602-604, 623, 
658 (2). 
ares , complaints against, 
189, 286, 308, 540, 658 (2). 
, letters of, passim. 
of, advice about their 
government, 658 (2). 
fire, 84, 379. 
foreign, 110, 125, 260, 291; see also 
under the various countries and ports. 
sooo , naturalization of, 290, 291 (2), 
316, 327, 632, 638, 639; see also Prize 
Ships, making free of. 
Seas carrying English colours, 477. 
enous , saluting or striking of flag by 
and to, 363, 364 (8). 
guard, summer, 115, 155, 238. 
a , winter, 10, 20, 21, 31, 216. 
hospital, 353. 
lists of, wanted or alluded to, 18, 28, 
78; see also Downs, ships in, lists of. 


178, 377, 898, 


165, 182, 


484, 512. 


Seine foreign, 81, 840, 364; see also 
under the various countries and ports. 
merchant, 81, 86, 88, 91, 93, 178, 228, 
329, 360, 371, 457 (2), 463, 500, 501, 
503, 536, 543, 614. 


a aa , miscarriage or loss of, 4 (2), 15, 17, 


19, 25, 31, 57, 77, 86-88, 96, 97, 99, 
101 (3), 104, 110 (2), 111, 116, 118, 
119, 143, 144 (8), 148, 149, 152 (2), 
163, 170, 174 (2), 186, 191, 198, 199, 
203, 206, 207, 209 (2), 212, 215, 220, 
221, 231, 235, 375, 482, 489, 520, 542, 
543, 545, 550, 558 (2), 563 (2), 578 
(2), 585, 625, 628, 630. 


ETER , officers of, ill-treatment of, 165. 


lists of, 113, 174 (2). 
papers relating to, 85, 112. 
on fire, 91, 329, 377. 


ERETT) 


seese 


taas , pirate, 450. 


ene eeee 


, privateers, see Privateers, 


AE , quarantine on, 81, 117, 158. 


, sale of, 158; see also Chatham, ships 
and wrecks to be sold at. 


sialic , saluting of, 363, 364 (4), 398, 561. 


Ships—cont. 


secesorsey 


Coerecnee 


seen eeneny 


see teenes 


owe eere any 


stores and provisions for or of, 178, 
200, 231, 237, 506, 620; see also under 
the several dockyards. 


SENA , complaints of, 449, 547, 594, 
598. 

DREE , estimates of, 216. 

ae oe , wantéd, 76, 113, 117, 118, 141, 


178, 193, 195, 197, 208, 211 (2), 275, 
279, 280, 370, 409, 454, 545, 547, 601, 
618 (2); see also Navy, stores for, 
want of. 

, sunk, see Thames, ships sunk in, and 
Medway and Woolwich, weighing of 
wrecks in or at. 
surgeons for, 409, 604, 623. 
, widows of, 623. 

aks or plundering of, 23, 78, 95 (2), 
101, 116, 404, 450, 468, 632; see also 
Turks, ships taken by. 
victualling of, 165, 200, 506, 578, 582, 
583, 591, 595 (4); see also Navy, 
victualling of. 


Ships, names of, viz. :— 


Abraham of London, 337. 

n anA from Virginia, 345. 

Abraham’s Offering of Rotterdam, 
625. 

EI Sacrifice of Amsterdam, 632. 

E Cros of Genoa, 90. 

Adam and Eve, 19, 41, 67, 158, 211, 
280, 306, 309, 326, 331, 332, 398, 
417, 489, 516, 576, 606. 


ee vinin letter dated from, 99. 
Admiral of France, 473. 


Adventure, 61 (2), 67, 76, 369, 443, 
493, 494, 496, 497. 

Advice, 153, 168, 171, 210, 238, 429, 
443, 498, 494, 496. 

PODANA formerly St. Nicholas, 639, 

African, 494, 500, 516, 522, 525. 

Agnes, 174. 

Agreement, 297. 

Alapæna, 199. 

Albemarle, 360 (2). 

Algiers Merchant, 522. 

Amity, 14, 226 (3), 494. 

of Barnstaple, i10. 

of Southampton, 116. 

Ann, or Anne, 87, 150, 178, 181, 
438, 638 (2). 

and Christopher, 


a es 200 (2), 
Anne (Duke of York’s yacht), 2, 9, 
13, 105, 117, 171, 345 (?), 445. 
Antelope, 15 (2), 18, 20, 24 (2), 27, 

32, 46, 50, 92, 222, 322. 
Antigua Merchant, 205. 
Arms of Bristol, 639. 
of London, 279, 289. 
Arthur, 642. 


Assistance, 151, 176, 220, 223, 271, 
309. 


GENERAL INDEX. 753 


Ships, names of—cont. Ships, names of—cont. 


Assurance, 70, 110, 328, 524, 551. 

Augustus Cesar, 638. 

Bantam, 200. 

Barbadoes Merchant, 19. 

Batchelor, 117. 

Bear, 231. 

Berner, 162. 

Bethesda, 269. 

Blackamoor, 121, 359. 

Black Dog, 19, 197, 211, 215, 322, 
326, 328, 331 (2), 398, 417 (2), 
495, 499, 500, 512, 516, 540, 570, 
576, 580, 582, 584, 586. 

EAN, Posthorse, 76, 89, 504, 512, 
515, 591, 594, 600, 606. 

ET Spread Eagle, 575. 

Blessing, 406. 

Blossom, 255. 

Blue Whetstone, 638. 

Bombay Merchant, 150. 

Bonadventure, 24, 32, 87, 116, 638, 
639. 

eiepewaae , letters dated from, 6, 12, 19, 
21 (2), 24. 

Brache, 118. 

Brewster, 552, 638. 

Bristol, 266-268, 287, 289, 306, 309, 
310, 318, 321, 326, 328, 329, 339 
(2), 340 (2), 345, 355, 397, 404, 
406, 602, 627, 629, 632. 

Brothers’ Adventure, 59, 72. 

Cane Carrier, 629. 

Casper of Horne, 638. 

Castle, 121, 193. 

Castle Roderigo, 451. 

Catherine, 268. 

PAT of Hull, 623. 

Centurion, 60, 85 (3), 148, 309, 395, 
422, 427—429, 431, 436, 447. 

sponds ... letter dated from, 395. 

Charity, 588, 638 (4). 

Seares of Amsterdam, 638, 

recesses Of Hull, 429. l 

ENESA of London, 99, 317, 327, 585, 


sarees at Ofi Ot Malo, Ol. 
eere BUG WOLE 1639, 
Charles, 72, 228. 

S ... of Bristol, 327. 
Cherry Tree, 587. 
Cherubim, 545. 

Chick, 417. 
Christopher, 638. 
Companion, 507. 
Concord, 88, 93, 115, 221, 240, 268. 
EEDA of Lyme, 550. 
Conclusion, 440, 453. 
Consent, 608. 

Constant Catherine, 339. 


79380. 


Constant Warwick, 253, 273, 303, 
348, 356, 363, 369, 484, 553, 616. 

Constantinople Merchant, 341. 

Content, 72. 

Convertine, 106. 

Coventry, 313. 

Crown, 19, 26--28, 31, 38, 40, 46, 49, 
58, 67, 147, 151. 

seovseeee Malage, 639. 

Daniel, 300. 

Dartmouth, 13, 16, 18 (2), 20, 21, 
24, 26, 28, 29, 31, 34, 37, 45, 54, 
59, 72, 165 (2), 169, 170, 173- 
175, 182, 185, 189, 214, 286, 308, 
374, 377, 388, 404, 422, 427, 429, 
431, 436, 447, 615, 639, 658. 

Defiance, 91, 249, 359, 361, 377, 381, 
389, 412, 493, 528, 529, 584 (2), 
586 (2), 588, 594, 609. 

Delight, 149. 

Delph, 92. 

Deptford, 298, 306, 307, 309, 310 (2), 
404, 602, 627, 632. 

Desire, 530. 

Diamond, 324. 

Oe of London, 638. 

Diligence, 638. 

Dorothy, 95, 485, 610. 

Dover, 147, 150, 458 (2), 624. 

Dragon, 233, 238, 248, 253, 265, 267, 
275 (2), 284, 294, 299 (2), 301, 
306, 307, 309, 310 (2), 317-319, 
326, 328, 331-335, 339, 340. 

ena of London, 209. 

Drake, 57, 61, 72, 77, 80, 96. 

Dreadnought, 249, 286, 288, 299, 
‘816, 409, 457. 

Dunkirk, 211, 584 (2), 589. 

Eagle ketch, 12, 581. 

Eaglet, 8, 139. 

Earl of Flanders, 128. 

Eastridge, see Estrig. 

Edgar, 12, 15, 20,32, 33, 49, 50, 56, 
58 (2), 61 (3), 65-67, 70, 72, 74 
(2), 75, 78, 87, 88, 147, 158, 179, 
210, 211, 297, 302. 

Edgiere, 522. 

Edward, 300, 

a ANGE Ve, 254, 

Elias, 316. 

Elizabeth of Dover, 178, 181. 

AE of Lyme, 82, 262, 548. 

pebcntinee and Mary, 379. 

Emperor Maximilian, 111. 

Emser, or Emsworth, 2, 16, 40, 162, 
198, 299, 328. 

Endeavour, 365. 

Esterwich, 187. 

Estrig, or Eastridge, 110, 332. 

European, 334. 

3 B 


754 GENERAL INDEX. 


Ships, names of—cont. Ships, names of—cont. 


Expedition, 15, 221, 228, 277, 296. 

Fairfax, 123, 153, 168, 171, 210, 233, 
416, 429, 443, 493, 494, 496. 

Falcon, 412. 

Falmouth, 297. 

Fan-fan, 526, 622. 


Fellowship, 251, 252. 

Esan Se hulk, 653. 

Flying Hound, or Greyhound, 273, 
582. 

Foresight, 85 (3), 230, 271, 348, 394, 
414, 439, 553, 602, 627, 629. 

Forester, 278, 297, 381, 481. 

Fortune, 288, 290, 430, 638. 

roa oi of Liverpool, 38, 54. 

Sennels . of London, 116. 

ERR S of the Sea, 638. 

Fountain, 118, 325, 529, 531, 

Four Henskender, 638. 

Francis, or Little Francis, 169, 275, 
584. 

srecesesey fireship, 589. 

EEE of Lyme, 446, 505, 585. 

ae eea tr of Topsham, 81, 88. 

verse e and Mary, 638 (2). 

Freedom, 550. 

Friendship of London, 118, 207, 482, 
589. 

Friesland, 227, 491. 

Garland, 168, 169, 174, 185 (2), 200 
(2), 230, 359-361, 374, 440, 616. 

Pees’ of Coombe, 608. 

Genoa Merchant, 478. 

George, 219, 307, 601. 

Bote ches of London, 552. 

Paper of Minehead, 625. 

Gift of God, 84. 

Gloucester, 448, 493, 494, 496, 586. 

Golden Falcon, 522. 

A ei Hand, 89, 286, 288, 295, 353, 
354, 359, 361, 363, 370, 374, 380, 
395, 402, 422, 427-429, 431 (2), 
436 (2), 447, 494. 

Penncanb Herring, 5. 

aasa aN Huntsman, 689. 

a Lion, 150, 639. 

aei Phenix, 86 (2), 286. 

EEN Rose, 284, 632. 

SAn Sun, 168, 188, 639. 

Good Hope, 57. 

Goodwill, 638. 

Great Duke of York, 106, 128. 

Greenwich, 32, 46 (2), 50, 118. 

EE , letters dated from, 6, 29. 

Greyhound, 317, 362, 478, 479. 

Griffen, 205. 

Half-Moon, 240. 


, letters dated from, 593, 611, 


Hamburg Merchant, 200, 321, 335, 
339, 340. 

Hampshire, 231, 249, 343, 363, 370, 
377, 381. 

NEE , letters dated from, 339, 343, 
345, 348, 370. 

Happy Return, 545. 

Hardereen, or Shepherd, 81, 98, 158, 
179; 

Harp, 6, 53, 56, 71, 90, 169, 173, 235 
(2), 249, 280, 283, 286; 340, 343, 
359, 447. 

OSA , letters dated from, 12, 56, 
71, 92, 144,207. 

Hart, 88, 90. 

Harwich, 189, 253, 316, 534, 593, 
601. 

Helverstone, 49, 144, 302. 

Henrietta (King’s yacht), 2, 9, 211, 
283, 289, 305, 395 (2), 514, 555, 
568. 

Henry, 30, 359, 394, 638. 

Hester, 583. 

Hind, see Kitchen. 

Honor’s Adventure, 378. 

Hope, 28, 79, 105, 144, 170, 171, 253, 
441, 448, 601, 638 (5), 639 (2). 


foes .. of London, 327. 


hoac of Scarborough, 80. 

alia . of Texel, 75. 

Aoo of Weymouth, 4. 

Hopeful Adventure, 639. 

Hopewell, 277, 409. 

House de Sweede, or of Sweden, 21, 
42, 74, 309, 443, 476, 526. 

Hunter, 507. 

Increase, 497. 

Indraft, 638. 2 

Industry of Falmouth, 59, 437, 440. 

erosoena of Yarmouth, 638. 

Ingram, 459, 485. 

Isaac, 337. 

Israelite, 639. 

Javob’s Ladder, 468. 

Jager, 638. 

James, 10, 28, 35, 208, 324, 331 (2), 
340, 363, 374, 409, 417, 462, 497, 
516, 582, 606, 623, 638. 


Jane, 99, 262, 394. 

Jeoffords, 119. 

Jeremiah, 589. 

Jersey, 85 (4), 149, 171, 230, 271, 
284, 313, 335, 339, 404, 406. 

Jerusalem, 380, 401, 439, 487, 494. 

John, 191, 369. 

iets .. of Bristol, 20. 

ERE of Chatham, 281. 

A of London, 170, 384, 475, 


EE of Watchet, 66. 


GENERAL INDEX. 755 


Ships, names of—cont. Ships, names of—cont. 


John Bonadventure, 99. 

Banat Francis, 184. 

Stasis Mussleborow, 324. 
e... and Abigail, 477, 614. 

ainaaan aac and Andrew, 77. 

sesei and Elizabeth, 638. 

ages .... and Francis, 496. 

Seena and Henry, 169. 

......... ANG Margaret, 266. 

ACGROAOAG and Mary, 548, 580. 

esaesa and Sarah, 526. 

seoa .... and Thomas, 485. 

Soesan E and William, 178. 

Jolly of Nantes, 210 (8). 

Joseph of Amsterdam, 101. 

TEAN of Lyme, 608. 

Josias Huit, 396. 

Judah, 196. 

Justice, 327. 

Justitia, 578. 

Katherine, 87, 105, 117, 150, 171, 

429, 439, 644. 

eet » yacht, 639. 

Kent, 118, 150. 

King David, 98, 628. 

Kinsale, 651. 


Kitchen, or Hind, 187, 289, 294, 489, 
516. 


Landtsman, 641. 

Last Drager, 638. 
Leghorn Merchant, 305. 
Leicester, 158. 

Lenox, privateer, 84. 


Se ee yacht, 2, 16 (2), 26, 40, 299, 
412, 476, 502. 


ate ats > letters dated from, 16, 78, 
165, 178, 211, 295. 

Leopard, 106, 206, 237, 264, 426, 
427 (2), 431, 449 (2). 

Levant Merchant, 186. 

Lily, 257. 

Tea s REE Rose, 100, 318, 446, 613. 

Lion, 395, 589. 

Little Francis, see Francis. 

ounces George, 481. 

ERE Lion, 584. 

Aa Victory, 117, 219, 220, 221, 
228, 230, 249, 360, 363, 377, 388, 
398, 553, 602. 

London, 268, 456, 593, 

Love’s Increase, 429. 

Loyal Bartlet, 426, 605. 

necbonnce Friendship, 149. 

siete aes London, 155, 313, 316, 402, 
452, 455, 485, 502, 504, 554, 574, 
611, 620. 

NE Merchant, 450, 601. 

TORS Subject, 268. 

Lyme Tree, 293. 

Mackerel and Dove, 638. 


Macklier, Mackler, or Mackerel, 76, 
89, 332 (2), 351, 504, 512, 515, 
594, 600, 606. 

Madaras, 457. 

Maiden Mary, 639. 

Margaret, 262. 

RE .... of Topsham, 613. 

Marmaduke, 392, 454, 460, 472, 498, 
574, 636. 

Martha, 111. 

seen tose and Mary; letter dated from, 


Mary, 155, 169, 209, 266, 268, 286, 
287, 289, 295, 306, 309, 318, 32], 
326, 328, 329, 339 (2), 340 (2), 
345, 355, 361, 398, 406, 424, 627. 

Fata ate , letters dated from, 374, 396. 


Tosgan , King’s yacht, or pleasure 


boat, 90, 163, 222, 399, 432, 574. 

RN sleneast , letters dated from, 254, 
264, 280, 352, 409. 

enak ak of St. Malo, 80, 167. 

sibeta oes Rose, 15 (2), 18, 20, 24 (2), 
27, 32, 45, 46, 50, 56, 60, 118, 317, 
874, 388, 393, 410, 414, 422, 630, 
657. 

R and Elizabeth, 612. 

ress... ald Jane, 170. 

Senne .... and Martha, 480. 

Paaa aud Susan, 200 (3)» 


Mayflower, 99. 
eae of Chester, 367, 497. 


Meaves, 205. 

Merchants’ Adventure, 79, 194, 304 
(2), 307, 394, 513. 

Merlin, 26, 75, 489, 533, 545, 653. 

Milford, 10, 13, 15, 16, 20, 21, 24, 29, 
31, 61, 67, 69, 76, 87, 91, 99, 103, 
116, 153, 164, 171, 173; 175, 179 
187 (2), 196, 202, 204, 209, 292, 
302, 407, 553, 602 (2), 603, 633. 

Minion, 504, 519, 528, 531, 540 (2), 
554, 565, 584, 585, 594 (2). 

Mizan, 289, 

Monmouth, 267, 268, 279, 302, 306 
(2), 307, 318, 334, 350, 361. 

ART , letters dated from, 116, 179, 

ANES yacht, 15, 15, 182, 223, 279, 
300, 328, 345, 352, 357, 367, 377, 
378, 384, 413, 427, 520, 540 (3), 
574. 

Montague, 106, 226, 269, 279, 282, 
287, 289 (2), 294 (2), 295, 297, 
302, 316, 329, 331, 334, 339, 351. 

Moore, 638. 

Morning Star, 234 (3), 254, 269, 294 
(2), 306, 385, 610. 

Mousehunter, 221. 

Muscovite, 432. 

Newcastle, 12, 472, 499, 594. 

Nicholas, 530, 638. 

smenu and John, 581. 


8 B 2 


756 GENERAL INDEX. 


Ships, names of—coné. Ships, names of—cont. 


Nightingale, 287, 289 (2), 294 (2), 
295, 319. 

Nonsuch, 91, 99, 103 (2), 105, 113, 
115, 116, 118, 153, 161, 171, 187 


(2), 189, 196, 197 (2), 204 (3), - 


209 (2), 214, 228, 230, 233 (2), 
238, 242, 265, 271, 275, 279 (2), 
280, 286, 287, 294, 296, 298, 301, 
302, 309, 318, 319, 400, 547, 553, 
632. 

Eee ketch, 139, 522, 525. 

Norwich, 19, 26, 28, 31, 83, 38, 45, 
46, 50, 524. 

Nutmeg, 368. 

Oak, 339, 493 (2), 529. 

Olive Branch, 200. 

Orange, 251, 281, 317, 322, 326, 553. 

Ostrich, 476. 

Oxford, 60. 

E frigate, 251, 252, 297. 

Palm Tree, 111, 633. 

Paradox, 127. 

Patience, 639. 

Peace, Dutch man-of-war, 40. 

Peacock, 638. 

Pearl, 7 (2), 42, 61, 65, 67, 74, 85 (2), 
105; 117 158, L64 E71 175, E79 
187 (8), 195, 202, 204, 209, 553, 
602, 627, 629, 632, 633 (2). 

Pelican, 567. 

Pembroke, 105. 

Penrin, 358. 

Penryn Merchant, 415. 

Peregrin, 148. 

Peter, 638 (2). 


anette of Hamburg, 25. 
Seoane of London, 528. 
AS Westlocke, 180. 


Phenix, 42, 61, 63, 366, 435, 476, 
620 (?). 

POTAE of East India Company, 385. 

seseeeeee Of London, 180. 


Plymouth, 553. 

Portland, 69, 103, 106, 118 (2), 116, 
118, 153 (2), 161, 175, 179, 183, 
187 (2), 196, 202, 204, 209, 239 (2), 
243, 250, 251, 348, 355, 369, 553, 
602, 632. 

Portsmouth, 42, 61, 309, 359 (2), 
361. 


N ketch, 295, 306 (2), 307, 309, 
310, 553, 602, 603. 


RAGS LE sloop, 294, 394 (?), 450, 630. 

Primrose, 289, 309, 639. 

Prince, 137. 

raeas WVGA, 508; 

Princess, 271, 287, 289, 306, 319 (2), 
321, 322, 392. 

Promise, 338. 

Prosperous, 88, 95, 100, 348, 613. 

Darans of Colchester, 639. 


Providence, 31, 241, 639. 
see.. frigate (lost), captain of, 101. 
SEO NGAE of Falmouth, 341, 358, 415, 


sistent . of Foy, 530. 

Da Ei of Lyme, 484. 
E of Newcastle, 273. 
seses.. Of Southampton, 463. 
e........ Of Topsham, 629. 


Prudent Mary, 432. 

Rainbow, 450. 

Rebecca, 169, 450, 639. 

Release, 503. 

Relief, 548. À 

Resolution, 9, 167, 276 (2), 279, 287, 
302, 306, 318, 321, 322, 339 (2), 
340 (2), 345, 355, 360, 363, 388, 
394, 395, 398, 470 (2), 610. 

swasa , letters dated from, 398, 404, 
447, 470, 546, 547, 553, 555, 602 
(2), 619, 629. 

Return, 450. 

Revenge, 202, 271, 286, 299, 316, 
317, 319, 331, 393, 394, 483. 

Richard and George, formerly White 
Cock, 336, 337 (3). 

EDES and Mathew, 630. 

Richmond, 173. 


Robert of Bristol, 432. 
sess... Of Plymouth, 446. 


Roe, ketch, 12, 42, 112, 144, 152, 
153, 158, 161, 204, 239, 244, 250, 
335, 414. 

Roebuck, 2, 15, 18, 20, 74, 93, 96, 
97, 103, 121, 123, 160, 265 (2), 
267, 268, 275, 279, 293, 370, 371, 
449, 452, 457, 459, 463, 473, 548, 
552, 579, 580 (8), 583, 586, 593, 
595 (2), 596, 601 (2), 603, 605 (2), 
606, 610, 611, 613, 625. 

Saen , letters dated from, 2 (2), 12, 
99, 117 (2); 123, 153, 158 TL60, 
174, 178, 185, 351, 359, 427, 445, 
447, 451, 457, 566, 580, 586, 591, 
594, 595, 601, 606. 

Roe Kitchen, 496. 

se... letters dated from, 435, 454, 
461, 526. 

Rose, 152, 633. 

sie ectesel and Crown, 592 (2). 

Rosebush, 48, 76. 

Royal Charles, 211. 


poeedi James, 205, 235, 260 (2), 317, 
366, 397, 436, 

moran Oakey 141, 528: 

RA Sovereign, 260, 280, 281, 344, 
402, 409, 469, 472. i 

Ruby, 216, 226, 268, 269, 279, 288, 
309, 332, 

Rupert, 9. 


GENERAL INDEX. 757 


Ships, names of—cont. 


Ruth, 144. 

St. Andrew, 221, 543, 545. 
St. Anne, 589. 

St. Anthony, 196. 

St. Bertrand, 639. 


St. David, 173, 299, 302, 316, 317, 
325, 331, 383, 405. 


sesse., letters dated from, 392, 406. 

St. George, 123, 565, 570. 

seoseeeee OL Dieppe, 563. 

a of London, 317, 327. 

St. Jacob, 500, 513, 638 (3). 

St. James, 497. 

St. John, 639 (2). 

eseese... Of Weymouth, 543. 

Reece Evangelist, 638. 

St. Louis Royal, 167. 

St. Michael, 514, 593. 

St. Nicholas, 193. 

seseserses OL Advice, 639. 

St. Peter, 639 (4). 

eaea of Dunkirk, 355. 

Sampson, 264. 

Samuel and Ann, 324. 

oroseacer and Mary, 240. 

Sancta Maria, 196. 

Sapphire, 45, 46, 156, 215 (2), 216 
(5), 249, 518, 524, 566, 574, 595, 
601, 602, 605, 610, 613, 614. 

sesse.. Letter, &c., dated from, 575, 
593. 

Sarah of London, 111, 459. 

sess... Of Lyme, 169, 266, 293, 399. 

e.s... Of Weymouth, 38. 

Sea Flower of Apsom, 446. 

Reese OL Bristol. 111,7565: 

sere eOL OTK 002% 

Sea Venture, 384. 

Shepherd, see Hardereen. 

Slothany, 110. 

Sovereign, see Royal Sovereign. 

Speedwell, 211, 276, 399, 409. 

Spitzbergh, 638. 

Spread Eagle, 633. 

Spy, 12, 526. 

ABB EOA CS , letters dated from, 611, 620. 

Stadthaus of Haarlem, 636. 

Staleman, 639. 

Star of London, 114. 

seossseee Of Topsham, 122. 

Success, 46, 53, 57, 72, 86, 169, 809. 

aa ara OG MORS 

Supply, 396. 

Susan, 262. 

KORG and Ann, 482, 520. 

Susanna, 493. 

Swallow, 36, 269. 

oie «.. ketch, 239, 280. 


Ships, names of—cont. 


Swallow of Chester, 462. 

ESTAN of Falmouth, 409. 

CE of Ipswich, 359. 

aeaaeae OL HONGON, 923: 

Swan, 638 (2). 

Sweepstakes, 6, 105, 150, 188, 223, 
264, 332, 343, 361, 376, 410, 457, 
(2), 459, 460, 485, 489, 500, 503, 
533. 

Pe .... letters dated from, 448, 476. 

Talent, 228. 

Thomas, 184, 293, 639. 


Se eceees . and Mary, 638. 
Three Falcons, 149. 
weseceses SUNOS, L32: 


eens .»» Warriors, 288. 

Tiger, 138, 279, 282, 287, 289 (2), 294 
(2), 295, 298, 309, 328. 

Tobias of Horne, 639. 

Trainfort, 638. 

Trial, 235. 

Triumph, 112. 

True Love, 390, 396, 399, 405, 513. 

Two Marys, 57, 72. 

PED Sisters, 215. 

Unicorn, 566, 570. 

Unity, 20, 396, 399, 437, 512. 

OT of Dartmouth, 610. 

Turtle, 639. 

Victory, 21, 404. 

Vinetree, 446. 

Virgin of Falmouth, 288, 415. 

E ... of Weymouth, 550. 

Wapen of Frangner, 638. 

Warder, 638. 

Warwick, see Constant Warwick. 


Welcome, 178, 394, 429, 430, 436, 
447, 553. 


Wevenhoe, 3, 220. 

Weymouth, 653. 

White Cock, see Richard and George. 
DAN Fortune, 688. 


William, 227, 230, 624. 

ERE of London, 179. 

arere aNd Ann, 81, 88. 

LODDO and Benjamin, 385. 

anon .... and Elizabeth, 144. 

oet aco Acao of London, alias Young 
Prince, 195. 

Willing Mind, 110. 

Willoughby, 289, 578. 

Windsor, 8, 169, 362, 548. 

Yarmouth, 2, 279, 801, 302, 334, 
600. 

Yonker of Fleckerie, 638. 

York, 472, 473, 540, 576 (2). 

eea Morchant, 117, hala 


758 


Ships, names of—cont. 
Young Milkmaid, 638. 
Fevers Prince, 195, 638. 
Younker, 638. 
Zante, 480. 
Shipton, co. York, resident at, 367. 
Shirley Walk, Rockingham Forest, 353. 
Shish, Jonas, master shipwright at Deptford, 
6, 35, 65, 235, 271, 309, 317, 326, 389, 


499. 
OA EE , estimates, &c., by, 87, 126, 260. 
KEES s.s... 09 letters of, 249, 260, 299, 312, 


313, 316, 328,332, 343, 353, 361, 366, 
593, 402, 452, 455 (2), 485 (2), 488, 
502, 518, 519, 524, 526, 544, 551, 554, 
574, 591, 621, 624. 


aeaa > «ee letters to, 445, 504. 
IONOS ss... note by, 246. 
Oop s... Thomas son of, 393, 


Shoreham, Sussex, 354, 395. 

Shorlin, Capt., see Sharland, Capt. 

Shorter, Capt. John, 353, 406, 455, 485. 

eras » seeeeey tenders, &c., by, 635, (4), 636. 

Shorthand, notes in, 313, 658. 

Shrewsbury, Earl of, see Talbot. 

Shrewsbury, traveller to, 475. 

Shropshire, or Salop, 139, 595. 

NREN post, 300, 369. 

Shute, Nath., B.A., 567. 

Eae S aeanies father Ol moots 

Shuttleworth, George, 344 (2). 

Shymous, Wm., 13. 

Sicily, 298, 455, 590. 

eE , consul for, 590. 

o- , Mount Etna in, see Etna, 

Sicklemor, John, letter of, 150, 

Sickness, the, see Plague. 

Sidmouth, co, Devon, wreck at, 213. 

Signet books, memoranda, &c., from, 43, 84, 
124, 510. 

naa? Office, papers in, 308. 

Siliot, Jo., messenger, warrant to, 300. 

Silk, raw, 477, 478, 

wastes , ships laden with, 148, 180. 

Silva, Peter de, 180. 

Silver, Capt. John, certificate by, 118. 

Silvester, Edw., iron merchant, 416, 658. 

...„ account by, 44. 

send doon s «eee, letters of, 237, 360, 369, 432, 


Silvius, Sir Gabriel, envoy to the Elector of 
Brandenburg, 84, 287. 


Simonds, Capt. Ben., 280, 
Simony, 39, 82, 121. 
Sittingbourne, Kent, 22, 135. 
Skelton, Bevill, 70, 127, 347, 562. 
EREE s seseo COLtinicate by, 127. 
SaS , Capt. Bevill, 222. 


O , Sir John, deputy-governor of Ply- 
mouth, 177, 243, 400. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Skelton, Sir John—cont. 

EnA , veeeeey letters of, 370, 383, 388 (2). 
Vena y seeeeey letter to, 655. 

eaeoe aaas , John, son of, 177. 

atioudoncts. cobper s e...’ petition of, 154. 
ecostents "Sit Thos., letter to, 78. 

Skiriner: Ephraim, letter to, 101. 

EE »„ Fras., 611 (2). 


E e , Thomazin, wife of, petition of, 
611. 


Rs s.s eveeeey Children of, 611. 


e... Dr. Robert, Bishop of Worcester, 
556. 


edia s Wm., 26. 
Skrimsheir, Edwin, 448. 
Skynner, Thos., petition of, 131. 
Slaves, 180, 385, 632, 633. 

<... Christian, 633 (2). 


a Englishmen, 180, 385, 415, 444, 612, 
633. 


Slavonian women, 180. 
Shghton, Thos., certificate by, 85. 
Slingsby, Col. Walter, 52, 137. 


EENS > eseeeey letters Of, 4, 51, 172, 514. 
s a ne , letter to, 195. 
AAO a cec.. petition of, 650. 


Sliter, Rob., letter of, 555. 

Small, Rob., signature of, 598. 

Smethwick, Fras., 267. 

Smith, Bryan, certificate by, 149. 

EO , Edmond, B.A., 224, 227. 
.„ Edward, 580. 

Eae > «sess. tenders by, 126, 635 (2). 

seepe , or Smyth, George, 597. 

. Henry, of Newark, 36 (2), 54. 

orio , Sir Henry, letter of, 76. 

esse... Jacob, alien, 121, 146. 

ETAT , Jacob, of Oxford, 617. 

Gesse , James, Windsor town clerk, 531. 

O , Sir Jeremy, Vice-Admiral of the Blue, 
159, 185, 195-197, 204 (2), 209 (2), 
214, 305, 356, 397, 427, 428, 439, 503, 
513. 


EA > see... Certificate by, 470. . 

ae anas 3 erys CIOTEN OF OES. 

EEan TRA , letter to, 519. 

EEan aAA 9, sees.. NOte by, 470. 

e ASSE s esses. Teference by, 576. 

CaO , Jerome, lunatic, 84, 202, 203, 529, 
566, 569, 590, 592, 620. 

PEA >... Rich., brother of, 203. 

EE Sean ENNS ; ane of, 203. 

ERN dosti, of Oxford, 133, 343 (?). 

Aner eis , Margaret, 56. 

ea , Nathaniel, 344. 

maaa .» Ralph, Warden of the Stationers’ 
Company, statements by, 280, 353. 

Rich., Clerk of the Cheque of the 

Guard, 215. 


ween any 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Smith—cont. 


seseseceey Thos, boatswain, 584 (2). 
Teaca ness L ROS., purser, 12. 
aetan DN DROS letter ots 357. 
t:e... Or Smyth, Sir Wm., 187. 
NERENS VESERA , letter of, 238. 
Eein , lessee of the Tower wharf, 622. 
rismraloreets , surgeon, 59. 
Rare » Mrs., of Brandon, 145. 
Teenis , creditor of Viscount Conway, 513. 
Dakine , of the Dartmouth, 615. 


Smithers, Wm., 654. 


Smithesby, Thos., 557. 
Dasi s eee , James and Mary, children of, 


E reise , Thomas and Rebecca Hartley, 
children of, see Hartley. 


Smyrna, 101, 362, 478, 525, 559, 630. 
ritas .... Chancellor at, 479. 

e , Consul at, see Ricaut, Paul. 
iets seseg eree former, see Cave, Consul. 
ees ACLOLS Ab. A guise 

AE , letter dated from, 93. 


Koao , ships to or from, or Smyrna GES 
360, 388 (2), 476, 494. 


EA , treasurer at, see Den Rich. 

Sarih. see Smith, George, and Sir Wm. 

Smythe, Philip, 2nd Viscount Strangford, 
certificate by, 241. 

Snell, John, 442. 

ET sory eeeeeey letters Qf, 172, 289, 469. 

HPE seis > «eee, Jone, his wife, letters of, 442, 


Pees , Wm., 564. 

Snelling, George, 259, 347. 

Snowe, Ralph, treasurer to the Archbishop of 
Canterbury, 104, 175, 184. 

Soigne, M., 509. 

Soldiers, casual notices of, passim ; 
Army. 

oaoa, , Sick and wounded, 139, 652. 

Commissioners for, 162. 


see also 


eanan aa Aaen 

Solicitor-General, see Finch, Sir Heneage. 

Somerset, Edward, ninth Earl of Worcester, 
113. 

EAT , Edward, Earl of Glamorgan, son of 


Henry, first Marquis of Worcester, 
640. 


» Henry, third Marquis of Worcester, 
500. 

farcsesery seese COYtificate by, 640, 

COO0000C accesos letter of, 451. 

PEO eree petition of L13. 
Somersetshire, 642, 657. 

OIR , assizes for, 113, 217, 657. 

s... Geputy-lieutenants of, 402. 

TOS „ Justices of the peace in, 346 (2), 402. 
Pare see) rectory in, 30, 37. 

esee... residents in, 346, 420, 421, 455, 560, 
642, 657. 


759 


Somersetshire—cont. 


A , Sheriff of, 90, 217. 

Somershara (co. Huntingdon ?), residents 
near, 632. 

Somersham (Suffolk ?), manor and park of, 
259. 


Somertons, Middlesex, resident at, 618. 

Sophocles, Electra of, 65. 

Sotherne, J., note by, 370. 

Sound, the, rocks in, 96. 

Sourceau, Claude, 336. 

South, the, ships to or from, 457, 458, 513, 
525. 

Southampton, Earl of, see Wriothesley. 

Southampton, or Hampton, Hants, 117, 147, 
150, 158, 178, 389, 450, 496. 

EA , the Court at, letters dated from, 472, 
473. 

Rean , King to, 455, 470, 473. 

PCE .. letters dated from, 471 (2), 485, 
514, 517, 556, 596. 

SARAN ae , mayor of, 497. 

Rees residents in, 29, 389. 

hetra , Ships of, 27, 81, 116, 463. 

S , timber, &c., at, 286, 593. 


AT , travellers to, 50, 147, 152, 179, 455, 


596. 


South or Southward Cape, ships off, 292, 296. 

Southfield, see Hanbridge. 

South Sea, the, passage to, 543. 

Southwark, 37, 194. 

neute , residents in, 224, 654. 

naoa St. Olave’s parish in, residents in, 
certificate by, 179. 

eee Ot. Saviour’s parish in, churchwardens 
and inhabitants of, certificate by, 223. 

Southwell, John, 453. 

aeaa [Robert], of Kinsale, 54. 

RIESS , Sir Robert, Envoy to Portugal, 72, 
88 (2), 158, 358, 888, 439, 445 (2), 
474, 482, 492, 494. 

Southwold Bay, Suffolk, 347. 

Souza, Don Antonio de, 439. 

Sowerby, Mat., 342. 

Spain, King of, or 


the Catholic King 
[Philip II.], 364. 


cosets weenie [Philip IV.], 509. 

PanGOOneS passes [Charles II.], 148, 240, 552, 
605. 

Banaue tah leen COULON TAS: 

Pengaocia > =e... SUbjects of, 410. 

Deep josey ceser Queen Regent of [Marie Anne 


of Austria], his mother, 251, 278. 
Spain, 22, 36, 143, 218, 230, 489. 


E , ambassadors to, 124, 143; see also 
Montague, Edw., Earl of Sandwich; 
Fanshaw, Sir Rich., and Godolphin, 
Sir Wm. 


deeeenens ambassador from, see Molina, Condé 
de. 

Rasta ieee 00) Holland, 37.5. 

EA E obo to Sweden, 484. 


760 


Spain—cont. 

cancels , coast of, 546, 547, 553, 619. 

a ENNS crown of, succession to, 240. 

PA TOO , in connection with France, see France. 

, in connection with Portugal, 205. 

, ships to or from, 61, 114, 169, 232, 

590. 

eena E , travellers to or from, 60, 159, 559, 
623. 

saesaense , war with, alluded to, 55, 164, 194, 277. 

Spaniards, or Spanish, the,"90, 155, 179, 318, 
O02. 

ARTE , in the West Indies, 204, 252, 293, 
300, 481, 570 (2). 

Spanish ambassador, see Molina, Condé de. 

D captives, 384. 

SEAGEN coin, 234. 

Pacto ... fleet, 86 (2). 

POO merchants, 128, 569. 

.. Netherlands, 410. 

seneverns passengers, 234. 

aene salt, 131. 

seoveeeee Ships, or Spaniards, 22, 61, 66, 86, 89 
(2), 296, 317. 

AGHADD Cao: OTE »men of war, 61, 86, 125, 450, 
457, 481. 

.... Soldiers, 511. 

eA tables, 153, 317, 325. 

Rie timber, 361. 

EERON wine, see Wine. 

eaS woman, 143. 

Sparke, Archibald, S.T.B., 565. 

Sparrow, Ant., Bishop of Exeter, 5,°421, 575. 

Speaker, the, see Turner, Sir Edw. 

Speed, Sam, 280 (2). 

Spelman, C., attestation by, 53. 

Spencer, Capt. Hen., letter of, 172. 


bspsssese 


esessssse 


aA ROD 329 
Setan ...., Rob., Commissioner of Excise, 183, 
217. 
poa minister, 77, 95, 99. 
IAN , child of, 99. 
Spitheaa, Hants, 266, 306. 
PRA , letter dated from, 383. 
AOAO , Ships at, 2 (2), 15 (2), 37, 67, 88, 99, 


158, 179, 187 (2), 196, 228, 233, 238, 
242, 267, 268, 275, 279 (2), 287, 294 
(2), 306, 307, 329, 345, 348, 355, 360, 
363, 381, 388, 392, 405, 428, 466. 


aaor r , letters dated from, 58, 63, 173, 
219, 296, 370, 374, 381, 398, 404, 406 
(2), 574. 

POA , Ships to or from, 18, 24, 61 (2), 93, 


153, 189, 197, 204, 220, 221 (2), 265 
(2), 275, 289 (2), 297, 298, 301, 302, 
809, 321, 322, 325, 326, 328, 332, 335, 
339 Q), 340 (2), 369, 377, 398, 404, 
414 (2), 416, 427, 436, "489, 588, 595, 
601 (2), 606. 


Spooner, Mr. (Warwickshire), 236, 
maaan n , SOn of, 236. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Spragg, Sir Edward, 78, 319 (2), 401, 402, 
404 (2), 407, 414, 422 (2), 440, 546, 
547, 553, 579, 592, 602, 632. 


E aa OEO , letters of, 271, 322, 393, 395, 
414 (2), 444, 473, 483. 

oponounoe > «e+e, Ships commanded by, 874, 380, 
401, 630. i 


Sprake, John, letter of, 33. 

Spranger, Rich., 588 (2). 

Sprat, T., letters of, 1, 115. 

Spratt, Thos., chaplain to the Duke of Ruck- 
ingham, 191 (2). 

Sprigg, Fr., letter of, 595. 

Spurn, Obadiah, 845. 

Squibb, Lawrence, 382. 

Stacey, Gabriel, tenders by, 126 (2). 

sleet , John, 235, 491. 

AeOGLOOOD z seses, tender by, 635. 

Stafford, Walter, 287, 309, 361, 458. 

Staffordshire, 170, 415, 464. e 

ans w+.) residents in, 131, 193. 

ESOO , Sheriff for, 47, 448. 

Stagg, Mr., 204. 

Staggins, Isaac, 446. 

Staines Bridge, Middlesex, 618. 

Stainhurst, Col. Hen., 333 (8). 

Stair, Mr., of Thetford, 535. 

Stamford, co. Lincoln, 484, 528. 

Stamp, Capt. Ant., petition of, 650. 

Stampe, Capt., 27. 

Standon, co. Herts, letters dated from, 324, 
325, 415. 

Stanford, Thos., 12 

Stanford [Norfolk?], 525. 

Stanhope, Katherine, Countess of Chesterfield 
(in her own right), 44, 377. 

s... Philip, second Earl of Chesterfield 

(her son), 267, 270, 307, 875, 454. 

peA Y escaso SELVANtS OL, 267. 

Staniers, Col. Hen., letter of, 135. 

Stanley, James, seveuth Earl of Derby, 640. 


esat , Charles, eighth Earl of Derby (his 
son), 102, 222, 255, 408, 575. 


AnA e y es... aS Judge in the Chancery Court 
of Chester, 199, 202. 
daoino , as mayor of Chester, 22, 533. 
CEER s e.... letter to, 202. 
Stanley, John, letter of, 630. 
TAE , Sir Thos., of Alderley, 410. 
Stannard, Capt. Wm., 139. 
Stanney, Percival, warrant to, 523. 
eR , gentleman usher, 391. 
Stanway Hall, Essex, resident at, 652. 
Star Chamber, abolition of, alluded to, 607. 
Staresmore, Lady Mary, see Sheldon, Mary. 
Starkey, John, 632 (2). 
eA R , agreement with, 315. 
Starling, see Sterling. 
Start, the, Plymouth, ships off, 388. 
State, affairs of, 261. 


Sta‘e—cont. 


Seain -» Paper Office, see Paper Office. 

aN chides es , secretaries of, see Secretaries. 

panone Company, see London, Companies 
of. 

Staveley, co. Derby, 501, 520. 

TAAN oE , letters dated from, 466, 492, 
520, 564. 


Steane, Thos., propositions by, 577. 

Steares, Mr., 340. 

Steele, Hen., 264. 

Steere, Peter, 299. 

Steffon, Teage, 356. 

eese sssi eeen family of, 356. 

Stephens, Ant., 448, 454 (2), 659. 

a aA oE , affidavit, &c., by, 427, 448. 

Stepney, Sir Thos, 216. 

Re chedias gases , George, son of, 652. 

AS AGNES s easet) varen Petition of, 216; 

Stepney, Middlesex, manor of, 137. 

squangat , rectory of, 114, 121, 148, 556. 

nase <... resident at, 289. 

Sterling, or Starling, Sir Sam., Lord Mayor 
of London, 598. 


woos eaea s letter of, 619. 
aeoe ie z seres» letter to, 619. 


Sterne, Dr. Rich., formerly Bishop of Carlisle, ; 


Archbishop of York, 69, 75, 379, 414. 
Stevenage, co. Herts, traveller to, 528. 
Stevens, Mat., 75. 
asieisenies > seseo accounts, &c., by, 78 (2). 
Stevenson, Aquila, 573. 

Steventon, St. John, Clerk of the Cheque at 
Portsmouth, 29, 117, 164, 179, 392, 
400, 586, 591, 594. 

E AA , certificate by, 397. 

EA S , letters of, 117, 147, 152, 158 
(2), 164, 192, 271, 277, 828, 354, 429, 
470, 598, 605, 630. 

endacgudon «ido 900 , letter to, 400. 

ET EE PESOS , order to, 334. 

Steward, George (late), 308. 

Stewart, Rob., 379. 

Pedrini , Madame (wife of Walter Stewart, 
third son of Walter, first Lord Blan- 
tyre), 514. 

PRS, e MT: 23l 

Stiliard, sectary, 95. 

Stillingfleet, Dr. Edw., 146, 268 (2), 269. 

Stockholm, Sweden, 235, 484. 


ete Ti , letters dated from, 344 (2), 375. 

ssereeeeey Ships to or from, 57, 88, 96, 1438, 331, 
430, 445, 513, 623. 

Ab Gc ... travellers to, 214, 345. 


Stockwith, co. Notts, letters dated from, 10, 
76, 99, 158, 174, 185, 274, 397, 417, 
497, 516, 606, 622. 

seveseesey SHIpS tO or from, 99, 381 (2), 332, 
340, 363, 417 (2), 495, 511, 606, 623. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


761 


Stockwith, co. Notts—cont. 

ae ens , timber from, 10, 28, 85, 41, 174, 185, 
211, 305, 322, 332, 398, 417 (2), 495, 
512, 516, 606, 622. 

Stoe, Thos., 273. 

Stokes, Dr. David, or Rich., 322 (2), 327. 

Stokes Bay, Hants, ships in, 20, 616. 

Stonegrave, co. York, rectory of, 371, 441. 

Stonehouse, Sir George, Bart., 109, 184. 

senders , verses, petition of, 108, 109 (2). 

oug » e... George, eldest son of, 108, 109. 

REENE ROON , John, second son of, 108, 109 


(2), 184. 
EEP Sian , James, third son of, 108, 109 
(2), 184. 
O A AS , Sir Wm., father of, 108, 109. 
SAE SOURCE e... , Sir John, elder brother of, 109. 
aetas , John, 270. 


Stonehouse, co. Gloucester, rectory of, 649. 

Stoneleigh, Lord Leigh of, see Leigh. 

Stoneleigh, co. Stafford, funeral of Duchess 
Dudley at, 176, 208, 241. 

SRO , poor of, bequest to, 176, 241. 

Stoneraize, letter dated from, 483. 

Stoney-in-the-Fen, co. Cambridge, traveller 
to, 232. 

Stourbridge, co. Worcester, letter dated from, 
161. 

Stourmouth, co. Kent, rectory of, 599, 604. 

Stourton, Anna, 85. 

Stout, Capt., 42. 

Stow, co. Lincoln, manor of, 180. 

Se » Norfolk, 71. 

Stowell, Col., 560. 

Stower-Provost, co. Dorset, rectory of, 281. 

Stowerton, Wm., 85. 

Stradbrooke, Suffolk, resident at, 490. 

Stradling, Capt. Thos, 245, 252. 

Strafford, Earl of, see Wentworth. 

Straits, the, 95, 196, 243. 

ISONE , fleet or ships bound for, 25, 27 (2), 
34, 88, 51, 57, 59, 68, 72, 75, 81, 85, 
107, 151, 169, 171, 179, 187, 191, 240, 
241, 248 (2), 276, 278, 279, 286-288, 
296, 297 (2), 307, 317, 318, 322, 335, 
339, 343, 353, 356, 360, 363, 377, 381, 
893, 394, 398, 417, 418, 436, 437, 446 
(2), 482, 485 (2), 493, 502, 511, 516, 
520, 536, 543, 548, 552, 558, 587 (2), 
590, 592, 594, 602, 610 (2), 614, 617. 

sesasooeey Ships from, 116, 169, 228, 269, 282, 
287, 293, 294, 298, 300, 302, 307, 348, 
388 (2), 426, 449, 501, 550, 616, 619. 

secooeeeey Ships in or near, 7, 31, 33, 266, 311, 
590, 628. 

Strangford, Viscount, see Smythe. 

Stratford, Wm., 500. 

SaN , Mr., 367. 

Stratford [co. Warwick ?], 451. 

Straughan, John, 516. 

Street, Thos., 255. 

Streete, Wm., tender by, 635. 


762 


Streets and Highways, Commissioners of, 181. 

Strickland, Sir Thos., made Commissioner of 
Privy Seal, 487. 

Sua ies > seve, petition of, 131. 

ee , Capt., 174, 514. 

Strode, Col. John, Deputy-Governor of Dover 
Castle, 227, 322. 

RTR s... Certificate by, 476. 

Stuart, Charles, Duke of Richmond and Len- 
nox, 9, 68, 83, 84, 133 (?), 267 (2), 
281, 289, 290, 305 (2), 496, 544, 585, 
654. 

T s+... Frances, third wife of, 496. 

ty sevesey esie MOther of, see. Stewart, 

Madame. 

AOL: ..., George (?), Lord Aubigny, 130. 

Stuckley, Wm., 408 (2). 

Sturdy, Mr., 278. 

Sturminster Newton, co. Dorset, vicarage of, 
30, 37. 

Stylots, Rob., 12. 

Sudbury, Suffolk, mayor, aldermen, &c., of, 


591, 632. 
eaaa AEE , petition of, 428. 
enes S , town clerk, &c., of, 428, 591, 632. 
Sudell, Nich., letter of, 371. 
PAESE > s. Roger, brother of, 371. 


Suffolk, Earl and Countess of, see Howard. 
Suffolk, 16, 220, 227, 347. 


O , J.P.’s for, 426, 591. 

KERERE , Lord-lieutenant of, Earl of Suffolk, 
294. 

EGOE) ...„ places in, 549, 632. 

AE , rectories in, 1, 12, 14, 30, 107, 277. 


peereeeeey FeSidents in, 149, 428, 490. 

...:....., SEditious meetings in, 294. 

Sugar, 14, 507, 641. 

eaS ora , Ships laden with, 8, 22, 25, 54, 111, 
178, 180, 196, 207, 246, 241, 324, 358, 
365, 369, 432, 450, 473, 552, 573, 613. 

Summer, Hen., sheriff of co. Cardigan, 62. 

Summers, J., 495. 


Ecabodton y eseeeey letter of, 451. 
Sumner, John, messenger, 315. 
PERAR, sE , warrant to, 374. 


Sunbury, Middlesex, resident at, 618. 

Sunderland, co. Durham, despatch to, 260. 

EAE , letter dated from, 156. 

egt , Ships to or from, 243, 288, 371, 387, 
407, 458. 

Supremacy, Oath of, alluded to, 83, 258, 442, 
595, 616 (2). 

Surgeons, see Ships, surgeons for. 

ra Company, see London, Companies of, 
Barber Surgeons. 

Surinam, West Indies, Colony of, condition 
of, 62. 

seinen ,, taking of, 70. 

ROCA , travellers to, 410, 484. 

Surrenden, Kent, travellers to, 445. 

Surrey, 4, 288, 646. 

wsusiveeey Judge of assize for, 223, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Surrey—cont. 

BRS AAR , places in, 138, 573. 

eane ee , receiver for hearth money in, 327, 434. 
tee tee ., residents in, 189, 394, 474, 640, 653. 
seses.. Fiver Wey in, see Wey. 

ORSOUDS , sheriff of, 327, 604. 

Sonus ot , vicarages or rectories in, 98, 290, 641. 
Surveyor-General, see Harbord, Sir Charles. 
Sussex, Earl of, see Savile. 

Sussex, coast of, 6, 611. 

aint ...., collectors in, 650. 

sereias , Deputy-lieutenants for, 219, 224. 
oran , Lord-lieutenant of, 39. 

AOGE , places in, 46, 323, 633. 

EAA , rectories in, 39, 82, 84, 407, 520, 612. 
A , residents in, 157, 499. 

semis aae , timber from, 16, 249, 306, 317, 393. 
uea , traveller to, 485. 

Sutler, Henry, alias Ellis, 598. 

Sutton, Robert, first Baron Lexington, 23. 


E s... Mary, widow of, 386, 408, 
497, 536. 
PO , e... Robert, second Baron Lexing- 


ton, son of, 386, 408, 536. 

Sutton, Rob., 303 (2). 

En a aien BUZ Witeri S09: 

Sutton’s Hospital, see Charterhouse. 

Sutton, Isle of Ely, residents at, 243, 632. 

Swaddell, John, secretary to Lord Arlington, 
215, 236, 301, 452, 466, 472, 496. 

EEEn EaR aeneae Leter OR OLA, 

Swale, Sir Solomon, Bart., 109, 123. 

Swan, Humphrey, 544. 

oeae ER , tender by, 635. 

adohan » Rob.; 24. 

aaasensas , informer (?), 420. 

A , soldier, 67. 

Swanley, Rich., 393, 394. ‘ 

Swansea, co. Glamorgan, 17, 410, 530, 545. 

AS «++ letters dated from, 17, 25, 118, 410, 
497, 530, 545, 578, 603, 625. 

Kass , Ships of, 149, 530, 545. 

Sweden, King of [Charles XI.], 875, 495. 

Tn tstae > «+»... Garter sent to, 78, 84. 


aih » Queen [mother] of [Hedwig Elea- 
nora], 276, 375. 


Sweden, 140, 274, 312. 

SA , Ambassador Extraordinary to, 276, 
304, 612; see also Howard, Earl of 
Carlisle. 

terose, Ambassadors from, 62, 251, 369. 

ssseeeeeey Ships of, or Swedes, 57, 62, 77, 88, 
97, 148, 430, 442, 518, 623. 

Rests .-, Ships from, 396, 407. 


Tepes , treaty of, with Denmark, alluded to, 
186. 


Swedes, the, 140. 

RS » payment to, 484. 
Swedish prisoners, 375. 
Swinfield, Hum., 652. 
Swjtzerlaud, cantons of, 560. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Sydenham, Sir Edw., 654. 


ISA , Sir John, letter of, 420. 

ates , Sir Ralph, 172, 568. 

Eoen R , Thos., M.D., certificate by, 518. 
Sydney, Hen., 365 (2). 

eae eeeh ee letter of, 365. 


Symmons, Sam., petition of, 130. 
Sympson, Sarah, letter of, 278. 
Syriac language, books in, 631. 


T, —, letter of, 280. 

Taafe, Theobald, Earl of Carlingford, 391, 
642, 654. 

Taafe, James, letter of, 585. 

Tacitus, Cornelius, quoted, 372. 

Taffaletta, or Tafilet, King of, alias Moule- 
Errshed [or Muley Raschid], 95, 99, 
238, 273, 296, 351, 528, 590. 


aaae > sse... Ambassador to, 238. 
Tagus, the, or river of Lisbon, 375. 
Talbot, Francis, Earl of Shrewsbury, 136. 
Talbot, Sir Gilbert, 29, 90. 


aeea s... 28 Master of the Jewel House, 
192, 336. 

BaocoCAdO COO , letter of, 432. 

E EAA , petition of, 270. 

aue Aien Sandan , warrants to, 39, 167. 

oe, , Col. Rich., 48, 308, 460, 483. 

ST > soos, letters of, 48 (?), 266, 458. 

a , Sherrington, certificate by, 64. 

aooo , Mr., robbery of, 409. 


Tale, co. Devon, manor of, 598. 

Talmud, the, 401. 

Tangier, or Tangiers, 79, 86, 95, 101, 168, 
203, 234, 264, 296, 356, 547. 

earnest’: , Charter of, alluded to, 134. 


rogodo , Deputy Governor of, see Norwood, 
Col. Hen. 


ani ...., English troops or garrison to or at, 
46, 169, 181, 213, 640. 

eisesisels > s.s.s. Chaplain for, 578. 

Reale seseh caeca Stores, &c., for, 58, 63, 67, 226, 
250, 321, 325, 339, 431. 


seses.» Governor of, see Middleton, John, 
Lord Middleton. 


e.e Lord Howard at, 490. 


eens ...., map of, alluded to, 256. 

AS ata , Ships at, 180, 632. 

oie selec , Ships of, 292, 612. 

aeaee eS DIDSMLOROLetLOMs 5,055,004. SI 2, 


86, 95, 165, 175, 292, 302, 311, 318, 
329, 332, 335, 447, 513, 523, 575, 578, 
580, 612, 625, 630. 


763 


Tangier, or Tangiers—cont. 


Secon? , travellers to or from, 197, 340, 390, 
398, 449, 539, 614. 


Tangier Road, ship in, 292. 

Tapley, Capt., 61. 

Tartar envoy (to Sweden), 375. 

Tartaries, the, history of, alluded to, 564, 

Tarvin parish, co. Chester, 594. 

Tasburgh, John, letter of, 607. 

Tatenell, Paul, 211. 

Tatnell, Capt. Valentine, letters of, 279, 540. 

Taudin, James, 56. 

Taunton, Somerset, assizes at, 113 (2), 420. 

E , charters of, 429, 421 (8). 

aano , incorporation of, 402, 420, 421. 

edain , inhabitants of, 421 (4). 

EEE » «eese» petition of, 420. 

rnah aenn ah Alluded to 421. 

SSeS? , Mayor, &c., of, 420, 421. 

Bogo ioa , opposition to the King at, 114. 

noron , quarter sessions at, 113, 114. 

Tavistock, Devon, resident at, 595. 

Taxes and assessments, receiver of, 574. 

A , eleven months, 7, 116, 246 (2), 440; 
see also Aid, additional. 

Tayler, Gilbert, 621, 622. 

RSA «..., Dr. Jos., letter to, 617. 

EE > ees... SaM., brother of, 618. 

Taylor, Dan., 512. 

esee EdW., certificate by, 85. 

acneso0nG , George, 306. 

Seiten , John, 628. 

E , Capt. John, Navy 
182 (?), 197. 

TE s seve Certificate by, 60. 

nogdeogon aaen tender by, 126. 

ES peeseaeey SON OL, 932 (©), J11 C). 

annae esa , Mich., 85 (2). 

a E , Margaret, wife of, 85. 

eens ....„ Rich., contract with, 636. 

SN , Capt. Silas, storekeeper at Harwich, 
201, 590. 

COTERTJHD Piscean ese letters oi, 2, 4,19 13, 24,128, 
88, 42, 58, 72, 75, 87, 96, 98, 147, 152, 
164, 197, 574, 575, 578, 580, 583, 585, 
588, 596, 605, 6U8, 613, 618, 621, 625, 
628, 629. 

IS aee aes SOM ON ER (CO), DE (Gy 

BSAA ., Capt. (at Algiers), 180. 

RERA , Mr., of Windsor, 531. 

Taynton, Sam., 487. 

Teddington, Middlesex, common near, 419, 

T, , letters dated from, 5, 18. 

Tellier, Sieur le, 654 (2.) 

Tempest, Col. John, note by, 259. 

OET , Michael, letter of, 259, 

Temple, John, 463. 

dog cessar , Miles, 329. 

PAN, , Sir Rich., 536. 


Commissioner, 


764 


Temple—cont. 

, Sir Thos., Governor of Nova Scotia, 
295. 

aiios WE thos 

, Sir Wm., ambassador to Holland, 5, 
14, 17, 18, 79; 225, 275, 314, 366, 401, 


ee eeeeene 


oe eesoene 


484. 

Tenby, South Wales, ships of, 15, 17. 

aA , ships to or from, 27, 118, 233, 552, 
578. 


Tensh, Edw., sen., 426. 

Terick, Capt. Sam., 116. 

oaaae seee Wife and children of, 116: 

Terrington St. Clement and St. John, Nor- 
folk, vicar of, 213. 

Tessura [Terseira?], island of, King of Por- 
tugal sent to, 387. 

Tetuan, see Tituan. 

Tewson, Wm., 372. 

Texel, the (Netherlands), ships in or near, 
22, 548, 558. ; 

aaeveaice , ship of, 75. 

Thakeham, Sussex, rectory of, 612. 

Thames, the, or the River, 132, 134, 238, 317, 
874, 397, 508, 512, 547, 569. 

sseeeeeeey Dutch in, see Dutch fleet. 


PEREN , ice in, 148. 
sseeseeeey Long Reach in, ship from, 575. 
Daisies , ships in, 62, 248, 604. 


ae vaseaes , ships sunk in, wrecks of, 205, 401. 
..., Ships to or from, 15, 20, 27, 40, 77, 
221, 257, 289, 360,377, 384, 578, 580, 


588, 621. 
Thanet, Kent, Isle of, seamen of, 144. 
orais SaPA GORANS , news from, 215, 332. 


c... Harm, near Windsor, Berkshire, 504. 

Thaxter, Alderman Edmond, 111, 466. 

Theberton, Suffolk, rectory of, 1, 12, 84. 

Theddlethorpe, West, co. Lincoln, lands in, 
337. 

Thelwell (lawyer), 199. 

Thetford, Norfolk, 492, 496, 539, 557, 607. 

sescccrees ASBIZOS at, 32. 

esses.. burgess Of, late, 535, 543. 

ssesseessy burgesses of, see Joseph Williamson, 

and Sir Allen Apsley. 

, charter of, alluded to, 549, 572. 

asore eeey Corporation of, 549, 572. 

‘rai aeaieeraes » Hall book of, 572. 


APE , election at, 457, 490, 535 (4), 543 
(2), 557. 

ess... Letters dated from, 548, 549. 

Reena , Lord of (Lord Howard), 572. 

Fewer , Mayor of, 535 (2), 557, 572. 


sacliessnsiiesetey LObLEr tO, O00. 

, mandate to, 543. 

Fase ...., Mayor, commonalty, &e., of, 549. 

AD ) e.. representation by, 549. 

estancs ., postmaster at, 543, 549 (2). 

eserse recorder and town clerk of [Thos. 
Fovey], 572, 607. 

Joerg .») residents at, 490, 494 (2), 607. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Thetford, Norfolk—coné. 

a Searietes, , Tiver at, 535, 549, 550, 572, 607. 
T , travellers to, 490, 535, 543, 544, 627. 
Thisselwood, letter dated from, 442. 
Thistlethwaite, Gabriel, 224. 

Thomas, Edm., Edw., and Rob., 329. 


deauseeee , Gilbert, Provost Marshal, letters of, 
172, 581. 

TOCA , Henry, 433. 

A, seee petitions of, 131, 433. 

nhiceossodp chOxce , family of, 131. 

GON OOSORE , John, of Dover, 166, 169. 

rds ., Mr., of Oxford, 530. 

E E , Mr. (owner of Darley tithes), 162. 


Thomond, Earl of, see O’Brien. 
Thompson, Eliz., 171. 

E en sent Wiles SOOL LIS 
seriami , Jas., petition of, 650. 

skeit , Julian, 387. 

Paes: , Rich., B.A., 524, 526. 

asena aa sewers LECCOR TONOZ 

RE > «sees, Statements by, 524, 562. 
EAA .. Rob., 390 (2). 

eeek s «see Henry, son of, 390 (2). 


EEEE a e a BOWO SS IA 

nee Seay COLS 

Thomson, Sir Wm., 31. 

Thorley, John, 131. 

ESEN a , petition of, 131. 

Thorne, John, 610. 

Thorney, Sam., letter of, 435. 

Thorold, Ant., Lyme, Dorset, 33. 

rara , letters of, 4, 8, 79, 81, 88, 90, 

99, 100, 122, 152, 167, 169, 194, 213, 
228, 240, 251, 262, 275, 293, 296, 317, 
348, 362, 394, 399, 413, 446, 473, 505, 
548, 550, 560, 563, 585, 590, 613. 

nerika , Ant., co. Lincoln, 582. 

Thorpe, Philip, 448. 

Threckingham, co. Lincoln, manor of, 129. 

Thribergh, co. Y ork, letter dated from, 228. 

Thun (Chris. Simon ?], Comte de, 654. 

Bansonsdo s seses Drothers on Gods 

Thurman, Dr. Sen., 527. 

Thursby, John, information by, 228. 

Thwaite, Cumberland, letter dated from, 490. 

Thynne, Thos., ambassador to Sweden, 276, 
304. 

Tichborne, former Governor of the Tower, 
622. 


Tichfield, Hants, resident at, 329. 

eda Park, timber from, 26, 28, 46, 329. 
Tickhill, co. York, lands, &c., at, 620. 
Tilbury, West, Essex, blockhouse at, 606. 
Tillet, Thos., petition of, 650. 

Tillingham, co. Lincoln, rectory of, 532. 
Tillotson, Dr. John, 136. 

Tills, Justice Michael, and his son, 466. 
Tillson, Thos., see Tilson. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Tilney, co. Norfolk, curate of, 201, 213. 

Reet eo iCar Oi. SOs 

Tilson, or Tillson, Thos., 71. 

AE sesse Letter of, 866. 

Sad000¢ anoei , brother of, 366. 

Timber, 140, 640. 

“ee .... for the Navy, 7, 35, 42, 63, 69, 74, 
120 (2), 158 (2), 167 (2), 171, 179, 
188, 189, 205, 220, 338, 383, 389, 393, 
406, 451, 494, 528, 621, 630, 645; see 
also Chatham, Conpill, Deptford, and 
Hull, timber at, for, or from; and Alice 
Holt, Stockwith, Whittlewood, and Dean 
forests, and Norway, timber from. 

Beare ....) customs on, farm of, 71. 

Sano e.s sess.. payments from, 215. 

eae , import of, 290, 291, 321. 

sseoseeeey Ships laden with, 4, 36, 77, 80, 132, 
149, 196, 355, 381, 394, 396, 460, 497, 
550, 552, 555, 596, 621, 628, 632 (2). 

+. es... tenders or purchase of, 43 (3), 126 
(2), 407, 451, 554, 635, 636 (2); see 
also the various dockyards. 


seseseesey Want Of, 113, 366, 452, 561. 
Timbrell, Mrs., 544. 

E EE OSS , [John], late husband of, 544. 
Tin, 207 (2), 366, 368, 401, 463, 646. 
AE , Assay master for, 70, 73, 98, 359. 
AE , coinage of, 367, 383. 

nopoodcas , duty on, 383. 


Tinker, Capt. John, master attendant at 
Portsmouth, 2, 12, 369. 

rate OTOS O1 elo. 18; 24, 29, 37, 
46, 50, 57, 61, 67, 69, 110, 113, 118, 
147, 171, 187, 189, 195, 197, 202, 204, 
284, 352, 376, 394, 401, 504, 524, 532. 

a viaielsisie ea e eea a inves caja tales 


Tippetts, J A master shipwright at Ports- 
mouth, and Navy Commissioner, 58, 
71, 284, 326, 429, 470, 582, 593, 600, 


606. 

aa ooo o oar , accounts or estimates by, 299, 
334, 397. 

sesccocery ennei Cercate: by, 260. 

EAN AS , contract with, 328. 

eresaie gaai Ge MmAnd DY D91., 

Are , letters of, 32, 35, 46 (2), 50, 


205, 248 (2), 253, 260, 263, 267 (2), 
274-276, 280, 284, 286, 289, 295, 299, 
302, 306, 309, 313, 318, 322, 326, 328, 
332, 383, 388, 392, 394, 397, 406, 416, 
431, 436, 461, 467, 472, 475, 485, 486, 
489, 491, 493, 496, 499, 500, 503, 506, 
512, 518, 523, 530, 534, 539, 544, 545, 
547, 551, 558. 


E OOA ., letters to, 580, 598. 

Peano sie aa eR OLCLONCCILO,5710> 

me eae aO y0 480; 
Tituan {or Tetuan, Morocco], ship to, 292. 
Titus, Capt. John, 148, 390, 


Tobacco, 641; 


see also Virginia, tobacco 
from. 


765 


Tobacco—cont. 


eesse eos SHipS laden with, 111, 178, 180, 196, 
261, 287, 341, 358, 365, 396, 552, 613, 
628. 

Tollemache, Elizabeth, Countess of Dysart, 
96, 97, 177, 238, 242, 374. 

Seen > secon, letter Of, 3. 

Tollemache, Sir Lionel, 651. 

Tolson, Rich., letter of, 529. 

seeseveeey creses Wife and daughter of, 529. 

Tomling, John, 545. 

Tomlinson, Rich., 66, 73. 

P nni , Nonconformist, 465. 

Toney, Fras., 251, 253 (2), 260. 

SEn seseo affidavit by, 250. 

Tong, Mr., Portsmouth, 57. 

Tonnage and poundage, collector of, 353. 

Tonnard, And., letter of, 504. 

resonates: > scope, father of, 504, 

Tooker, Sam., letter of, 27. 

ET, , Mrs., 148, 149. 

Topham, Henry, 505. 

Topp, Sir Francis, and Co., 283. 

Topsham, Devon, residents at, 489. 

oe , ships of, 48, 81, 90, 122, 613, 629. 

Torbay, Devon, ship in, 585. 


Tottenham Court, or Tottenhall, Middlesex, 
manor of, 592, 614. 


A E SE , prebend of, 614. 

Toulon, France, 108, 473. 

gehadboce accounts relating to, 519, 555, 558, 
606. 

EES » ships built at, 110, 167, 407. 


Toulouse, France, harbour of, 364. 
Tounson, Rob., 353. 
Tovey, Mr., 50. 


Tower, the, London, 57, 183, 437. 


PaT , bulwark of, 395. 

TOA , Commissioners for alterations at, 
reference to, 57. 

Doone , deputy-surveyor of works in, 227. 

IEE , garrison or troops at, 526, 586. 


e +e) Governor or Lieutenant of, see Robin- 
son, Sir John. 


REAT , former, 578, 621 (2), 622 (2). 
yeo .„ gunpowder, &c., from, 374, 515. 
seovseveey letters dated from, 197, 855, 372, 616. 
seser Mint in, see Mint, the. 
see. seer Officers and warders of, 89, 116, 455. 
AET , Ordnance in, see Ordnance. 

‘e. plot for surprising, 273. 


a Ee , prisoners committed to, 98, 116, 128, 
146, 222 (2), 372. 


OET oni , liberty of, for, 372. 
Sony , records in, 229. 
MOOCA araa Keeper of, 101. 
sesse.: SLOFES, Guns, &c., at, for, or from, 207, 
318, 499, 606, 650. 
‘Tower Wharf, 147, 578, 621 (2), 622 (2). 
. Iron Gate at, 144, 


ETETETT] 


766 


Towerson, Eras., 252, 259, 379. 
E S. , letter of, 490. 
Town Malling, Kent, see Malling. 


"Townshend, Horatio, Lord Townshend, Lord 
Lieutenant of Norfolk, 95, 96, 99, 159, 
160, 424, 490, 494, 535, 548, 549. 


voce (emus LOLtOES OL, 424,1090. 
pic Jobo Acide , letter to, 424. 
Towrshend, Thos., jun., 208 (2). 
naas , murderer, 365. 


Tracy, Sir Jo., 500. 
Trade or commerce, casual notices of, passim. 
, Act for encouragement of, alluded 

+0; 583. 

AE , colonial and foreign, 201. 

aoe and Plantations, Committee of Coun- 
cil for, order in, 34. 

S UNER , complaints about, 4, 40. 

EAEE aA , Council of, 6, 18, 62, 104, 
290, 651, 656. 

RETES A > «eee, TEference to, 154. 

S: aececi LeEports Of, Loor 157 1935201, 
291, 422, 559. 

nah freedom of, between England and 
Scotland, 40. 

asue? > +... Commissioners for English, 40. 

aa nees PA maa , letter of, 35. 

saber satiety acess SCOUTS. 4 0: 

Te dieser a aero demands alluded. 
to, 35. 

IG a T n r A E ABID 

...... ~ treaty for, alluded to, 35. 

}gsOoONE , with the Levant, see Levant Company, 
letters of. 

Traheron, Phil., 630. 

Travers, John, Anabaptist 404 (2). 


feio » postmaster, 295, 302. 


157, 224, 


Treason, High, persons accused or attainted 
of, 132, 443. 

Treasure trove, 611. 

Treasurer, Lord, 191. 


Sein , the late, see Wriothesley, 
Earl of Southampton ; and Ley, James, 
Earl of Marlborough. 


Treasurer of the Chamber, see Griffin, Sir E. 


Coe eneeee 


BOS of the Household, see Clifford, Sir 
Thos. 
Treasury of the Exchequer, 452, 483, 508, 
541. 
.....„ attendance at, 642. 
AnSoMDre , Lords Commissioners of, 27, 42, 44, 


87, 109, 119, 131, 170, 179, 181, 208, 
237, 238, 252, 265, 282, 286, 322, 333, 
357, 363, 408, 417, 434, 444, 449, 466, 
501, 518, 533, 554, 643, 646. 


TE aa , accounts before, 319, 558. 

Pona y e... Commission to, 240. 

Peo CANA , dismissal from, 495. 

AE s... letters and messages of, 377, 
400; ‘see also Downing, “Sir George, 
letters of. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Treasury of the Exchequer, Lords Ponies 
sioners of—cont. 


Meneses S econs uletters ato, move llos 225, 245, 
336, 551, 556. 

aborne F sarees Carie Audet LIIAS: 

AE y seereey petitions to, 553, 650. 

AE , «esse, Teferences on petitions to, and 


reports of, 34, 39, 55, 58, 64, 66, 70, 
71, 78, 74, 97 (2), 102, 145, 178 @); 
184, 193, 227 (2), 235, 242, 243, 260, 
270, 288, 310 (2), 324 (2), 327, 330 
(2), 338, 341, 347, 352, 368 (3), 386, 
393, 394, 400 (3), 401, 403, 411 (2), 
418, 428 (2), 442 (2), 461, 462, 467, 
469, 504 (2), 551, 557, 564, 565 (2), 
568, 573, 579 (2), 583, 590, 596, 609 


(2), 621 (2). 


Beets TE , warrants or orders of, alluded 


to, 27, 162, 306, 449, 643, 657. 

Savea sès... Warrants or orders to, 60, 78, 
190 (2), 204, 267, 317, 323, 358, 366, 
368, 400, 434, 498, 499, 542. 


ipisnpenes E > vseeee, alluded to, 34, 244, 461. 
Treasury, Ci Whitehall, 508. 
iEneas , letters dated from, 6, 7, 42, 106, 


170, 191, 193, 207, 237, 239 (2), 242, 
246, 286, 287, 366, 377, 392, 397, 398, 
400, 401, 417 (2), 418, 444, 449, 516, 
582, 555, 558 (2), 591, 606, 612. 


EAE +) s. payments from, 183, 352. 


Reeacary of the Chamber, expenses of, re- 
duction of, 204. 


Treaties, book of, alluded to, 474. 
sees, Copies of, alluded to, 471. 

E , rules for, 26. 

Trebet, Wm., 123. 

Tregosse, Thos., 617. 

Trelawny, Major Edw., 542, 561. 

AT , Capt. Fras., 276. 

aA , John, 598. 

a , Sir Jonathan, Bart., 367, 383. 

Tremayne, Lewes, letter of, 555. 

Trent (Somerset), King at (after Worcester 
fight), 55 (2). i 

e een , the, river, 622. 

"ORES , places south of, 653. 

Trerice, Lord Arundel of, see Arundel. 

Tretter, Thos., 386. 

Trevanion, Capt. Rich., of the Dartmouth, 72, 
165 (2), 174, 182, 189, 214, 286, 308, 
658. 

aaae E > sseceeg Letter of, 349, 

Treves, or tiers, Bishop of [Melchior Fre- 
deric], 619. 

Trevor, Marcus, Lord Dungannon, 42. 

Trevor, J., letters of, 300, 369. 


EREN , Sir John, Secretary of State, 1 (2), 
5, 6, 8,11, 14, 15,17, 18, 25, 88, 43, 
48, 71, 72, 76, 105, 254, 276, 278, 398, 
470, anl, 474. 

AE y eereey letters of, :57, 194, 225, 288, 
294, 333, 351, 556. 

RR » eee Office of, patent of his appoint- 


ment, 89. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Trevor, Sir John—cont. 


T es ; . orders of, alluded, 31, 388. 
PER thas +) «eeeeey reference 10, 146. 

beegecaes s eveveey Feports of, 382, 411. 
E s sse... Warrants of, 198, 279 (2). 
aerasi » Mr., 536. 


Triers, see Treves. 

Trill, Dorset, resident at, 399. 

Tring, co. Hertford, stewardship of, 511, 565. 

Trinity House (Deptford Strond), 211, 348. 

prosesse , brethren of, 355. 

E , certificates from, 211, 299. 

Beth Ee , Masters of, certificate by, 394. 

Joogi ... pilots from, wanted, 118, 345, 348. 

eeen . Society of, election of a Master by, 
355. 


Triple Alliance (between England, Holland, 
and Sweden), alluded to, 415. 


Tripoli, Africa, 404. 

o0 , Banyard at, 117. 

PRAI ..» Basha of, 106, 116. 

ETE , English Consul at, 23, 106, 116. 
apso x French Judge Advocate at, 117. 
sesseeeeey French ships at, 116. 

sponte ..» Governor of, 385. 

Rosana , inhabitants of, 23, 106. 
Racor , men-of-war of, 116, 404. 
Trippier, Dan., 396. 

Trist, Sam, 597. 

Trusler, John, affidavit by, 303. 
Trussell, Edw., 650. 

eenaa ete PCtition of, 650. 
Trypon, Mr., 444. 

Tucker, Joshua, B.D., 403. 

seeeeeeeey Consul at Tripoli, 106. 
eer » Mr., of Rotterdam, 144, 145. 
Tulay, Abbé of, 169. 

Tully, Dr. [Thos.], 9. 

Tunbridge, Thos., 361, 376, 384. 


Aae > seer, letters of, 593, 595. 

Tunbridge, Kent, free school at, master of, 
65. 

EAO , resident at, 241. 

Tunis, Africa, 106, 116, 117, 404. 

eee DaY Of, Ships in, 116. 

E ites , Bey of, 116. 

ASOROOOLES SOHC , brother of, 116. 

T Governor of, 349, 385 


Turkey, Sultan or Grand Seigneur of (Maho- 
met IV.), 101, 180, 349, 426, 455, 479. 

oone EY eaea Basha Tom, 473, 

ES, > «sees, reported death of, 444. 

ACET > a-a SUbjects. of, 180. 

Toe 101, 455, 477-479. 

AGE Gana ae of, 317. 

AO , Ambassador of, 351. 

OE SOAT , Ambassador to, see Harvey, Sir Dan. 

opd .., Caimachan of, 101. 

acsnooudd carpet, 176. 

Jogadas Company, see Levant Company. 


767 


Turkey—cont. 

PERETE , Consuls to, 478; and see Constanti- 
nople, consul at. 

EEEE , privateers or pirates of, 22, 306. 

OOC , ships of, 438, 547, 590, 602, 603, 619. 


o amaa econ , men-of-war, 22, 59,99, 221, 234 
(2), 277, 285, 296, 303, 317, 413, 438, 
447, 456, 457 (2), "487, 500, 587, 630. 


sasine , Vizier of, 523. 

Turks, 180, 318, 413, 473, 480, 500. 

Soi , captives in the hands of, redemption 
of, 176. 

gootin in Candia, 23, 221, 334, 378, 426, 430, 
440, 455, 480, 484, 523 (2). 


TO , Ships taken by, 342, 473, 603, 610, 628. 

E , ships taken from, 473, 590, 602, 603, 
628. 

Turkish or Ottoman goods, 360 (2). 

Bodsoooac slaves, 385. 

Turner, Baron Chris., 340, 430, 466. 

aeS p ecoeeey petition to, 339. 

annsi >... Teferences to and report of, 334. 

AA , Sir Edm., 598. 

eden , Sir Edw., Bart., Speaker of the House 
of Commons, 536-538. 

jnusnndh , Sir Edw., jun. [Lord Chief Baron], 
letter of, 456. 

on akset , Fras., M.A., 300. 

Mae a , Dr. Fras., 587. 

A , Jobn, 428, 

IIDA » Rob., 386. 

Aa , Thos., of Deptford, account by, 470. 

SAAPA s seseney letters Of, 305, 331, 469, 170, 


485, 491, 504, 505, 512, 600, 606, 611, 
620 (3), 630 (2). 

An p ecse receipt by, 356. 

mace’ , Thos., of London, 227. 

AAE , Sir Wm., Lord Mayor of London, 
195, 217, 243, 402. 

Tuscany, Grand Duke of [Ferdinand II.], 
117, 351, 455, 456, 506-508, 620. 

N80 O00R06 , Prince or Duke of [Cosmo de Medici], 
60, 106, 153, 159, 175, 183, 187, 196, 
209, 212, 218 (2), 229, 239 (2), 243 
(2), 250, 251, 258, 275, 296, 304, 311 
(2), 314, 321, 375, 484, 523, 647, 650. 


ATOTO e... physician of, 311. 
sépnbonne >- Wife of [Marguerite Louise], 
375. 


Tuscany, English resident at court of, see 
Finch, Sir John. 

saute ses , Resident of Gn England), 357. 

Tutbury, co. Stafford, honour of, 375, 415. 

T, , High Steward of, 415, 443. 

Twiss, Ralph, 251. 

Twysden, or Twisden, Sir Roger, 126, 326, 
389, 512, 530 (2), 531, 534, 540, 545 
(2), 551, 554, 565, 566, 568, 570 (2), 
571, 575, 579, 580, 582, 584 (2), 589, 


594, 609. 
PORTER? > ss... Certificate by, 241. 
eRe s esses, letter of, 609. 


EIE , Sir Thos., Bart., 256. 


768 


Tyne, the, river, ships in, 803. 

Tynemouth Castle, Governor of, 389. 

T , prisoner to, 389 (8). 

msOOHSO , ship of, 563. 

Tyrell, Rob., Mayor of Thetford, 549. 

seseeeeeey Sir Thos., Justice [of Common Pleas], 
449, 

Tyrwhitt, John, letter of, 211. 


Tyte, Thos., letter of, 360. 


U 
Underhill, Walter, sen. and jun., 161. 
sagoooarc , Sir Wm., petitions of, 462 (2). 
Underwood, Rob., 172. 
SESSION s esee: petitions, &c., of, 192 (4). 
SERAT s ev. Wife and family of, 172. 
erisin > =... daughter of, see Kirk, Dorothy. 


Uniformity, Act of, alluded to, 346. 

United Provinces, see Holland. 

Universities, the two 493; see also Oxford 
and Cambridge. 

Upnor Castle, Kent, gunner of, 129. 

PSO AESA , Storehouse at, 607. 

Upton, Mr. (merchant), 81, 143. 

Upton, co. Hants, manor of, 132, 212. 

Usher of the Black Rod, see Eylon, Sir John. 

Usley, Mr., 589. 

Usurpation, Usurpers, or Parliament party, 
BOS SG, (595) L722), Lids S605) OS. hs 
419, 464; see also War, or rebellion. 

Usurper, the, see Cromwell, Oliver. 

Utber, Rear-Admiral, Rich., 484. 

Romsacean secer Letter Of, 677 

Uthwat, J., Clerk of the Survey at Deptford, 
214. 

ROCESS seez, sevsevy letters Of, 394, 412, 532. 

Utrecht, Netherlands, 375. 


V 


Valencia, Spain, ship from, 118. 

Vanbeerenbrook, Philip, petition of, 650. 

Van Brackell, Capt. Geo., 40. 

Vandeput, Peter, 184. 

Vane, Sir Henry, jun., 313, 337, 592 (?). 

, [Frances] wife of, 313. 

idveewa se , Col. Sir Walter, 429, 625. 

Van Est, Abraham, 270. 

Van Heemskirk, or Hemseralt, Capt. or Sir 
Lawrence, 121, 161, 164, 204, 233, 
271, 275, 279, 399, 588. 

Van Lore, Maurice, 109. 

Vanlore, Sir Peter, sen., 399. 

Pa nce R , Jacoba, his wife, 399. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Vanlore, Sir Peter, sen.—cont. 

aeaa seins > <... Sir Peter, jun., his son, 399. 

, Susan, daughter of, see 
Croke, Lady Susan. 

Van Wesendunck, Stephen, 270. 

Vaughan, Richard, 2nd Earl of Carberry, 
Lord President of the Council of 
Wales, 83 (2), 133, 410, 644. 

sean PN , wardrobe keeper of, 644. 

eiae |.. John, Lord Vaughan, his son, 


Vaughan, Sir John, Lord Chief Justice of 
Common Pleas, 346. 


AE AN , letter of, 420. 

DEST sy drene letter to, 346. 

Rehescsacy Gente „references to 379, 380, 887. — 
Meee sees , Roger, 107. 

E , Capt. [Roger], 612. 

E , Wal., 138. 


Velez, Spain, letter dated from, 627. 

Veltz, a German, 508. 

Venice, Republic or States of 117, 351, 607. 

Ambassador to, see Belasyse, Thomas, 

Lord Fauconberg. 

EEn , Captain-General of, 206. 

aa , embassy to, 97, 98. 

Tense , goods from, or for, 101, 576. 

SR are , Resident from, 607. 

Venetians, loss of Candia by, 523. 

Se eiaa , standard of St. Mark of, 523. 

Verbec, Sir Thos. or M., 557 (2). 

Vere, Aubrey, Earl of Oxferd, 9, 13, 109, 
453, 564, 576, 653. 

SEA as, Ea , regiment of, 103. 

Cioca y y secs., Warrant to, 653. 

Verjus, Sieur, 190. 

Verney, Richard and John, 509. 

Vernon, Sir Edw., 170. 

Posaunen j eeen DAW Son Of, 170. 

sarsaran DIAS Aion 

Enia , George, 170. 

Soedan , Sir Henry, Bart., 111, 189, 338. 


Versailles, feasts at, 25, 412. 
Vic, Sir Henry de, Chancellor of the Garter, 


63 (2). 
AS z aerian letters Of 624, 025. 
anes EE , reference to, 23. 

Ore y +eeaee9 Charles, son of, 624, 625. 


Vienna, 107, 681. 

Vignon, Claude and Philip, 516. 

Villa Nova, Portugal, ships at, 48. 

Villiers, George, 2nd Duke of Buckingham, 
9, 14, 108 (2), 187, 222, 224, 272, 297, 
418, 495, 556. 


beeing ees eee AB Master of the Horse, 568. 
oodi 3 seseceg osese Warrants to, 60, 82, 419. 
S » sseee) Chaplain of, 191. 

Recta 5: seoses LEtTOR to, 74 (2) 

TOAN sa arose TEDOTC Of, 422; 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Villiers, George, 2nd Duke of Buckingham— 
cont. 


S , secretary of, 568. 
ieeeeeares coreeey Mary, wite of, 301. 


.. George, 4th Viscount Grandison, 
101, 186, 288. 


Eann ee EO ,as Captain of the Yeomen of 
the Guard, 202, 459, 
ea kaar se... Edward, his son, 101, 288. 


Villiers, Col. Edw., Governor of Tynemouth 
Castle, 499. 


390000890 s eveeeey Warrant to, 389. 

Seenaa , Sir Edw., 597. 

Sse ea s =...” Eleanor, his daughter, 505, 597. 
Vincent, Sir Fras., Bart., 247, 433. 

ESS Nath., M.A., 525 (2). 

Vinter, Dr. Hen., letter of, 178. 

E WILE Ou Ss 


Vintry, Ireland, ships at, 19. 

Virgil [Publius Virgilius Maro], Georgics of, 
alluded to, 351. 

Virginia, condition of, 261, 276, 402, 475. 

neata , explorations in, 293. 

ADJON fleet, 240. 

sseeeeeesy persons in or to, 82, 164, 173. 

Sete ..., Ships of, to, or from, 27, 59, 66, 91, 
137, 191, 199, 255, 261, 262, 275, 276, 
293, 306, 311, 341, 345 (2), 351, 360, 
363, 365, 373 (2), 387, 396, 399, 402, 
426, 453, 457, 475, 485, 487, 492, 
496, 500 (2), 503, 511, 558, 614. 

seeeseeeey tObacco at or from, 181, 269, 489. 

EON transportation to, 164, 222. 

, traveller from, 465. 

Vlie, the (Netherlands), ship in, 585. 

Vossius, Isaac, 197. 

Vyner, Sir George, Bart., 163, 535. 


AAE A , mandate by, 543. 

sesevessey Sir Rob., 42, 98, 105, 110, 125; 138, 
175, 200, 250, 258, 338, 434, 513. 

soarana swans otter Or, 195s 


Loser nes cesses POUMON Ol 82. 

aasan Saee) DEONET- GOS. 

, Thos. S.T.P., certificate by, 268. 
Sir Thos., 434. 


ETETETTEF] 


W 


W., Mr., of Bristol, 134. 

Waade, Thos., letter of, 209. 

Wadman, John, 529. 

sac dabecss aeiee PCLILION OL, O94, 

Wainfleet, co. Lincoln, manor of, 337. 

Waith, Rob., Navy Paymaster, 219, 296, 
605 (2). 

sseeey affidavit by, 448. 


79380, 


| 
| 


769 


Waith, Rob.—cont. 


letters of, 12, 123, 136, 384, 


RETTET] 


A A s esses, Order to, and report by, 155. 

Wakefield, co. York, letter dated from, 64. 

Wakelin, Rob., tender by, 636. 

Wakeman, Sir George, 492. 

sane s» Wm. letters of, 31, 77, 110, 207, 355, 
567. 

Wales, 44. 


Sn Arthur, Prince of (son of Henry 
V 368. 


anae , counties of, lists of sheriffs for, 51. 
deputy-lieutenants of, 655. 

duties in, farmers of 444. 

lotteries for, 273. 


EN e aS , marches of, Council of, Court of, 
644. 


sssesssseg 
EEETEETTT] 


EEETTEEET] 


aT Lord President of, see 
Vaughan, Rich., Lord Carberry. 

saae see , resident in, 35. 

ESS Sessions N 258. 

ceeds on SNIPS Erom NS B, 20 A72; 
498, 543. 

EAEE travellers to or from, 151, 490. 

Zeh , North, postmasters of, 167. 

Japao E » revenues of, alluded to, 258. 

EAA s «s... BUrVEYOT of, 654. 

South, floods in, 191. 

idea , revenues of, alluded to, 258, 


eee enneeey 


Walker, Sir Edw., Garter King-at-Arms, 122, 
358, 482, 624, 625, 654. 
wanaeer s «ercer Certificates by, 198, 337. 
oaiiy j esere Warrant to, 347. 
EEIN, Fras., petition of, 650. 
DEDO seans father of, 650. 
Nath., 211. 
Col. Steward, 606. 
Thos., 619. 
EnS letter of, 618. 
Sir Walter, 75. 
E OA Wm., 384. 
Wall, E., letter of, 373. 
aeS Lieutenant of London militia, 653. 
Waller, Benj., 527 (2). 
Paneer oseese DENION Of, 532: 
Sir Wm., 28. 
relations of, 23. 


TETTEETIS] 
sesssesseg 


ssonseseseg 


EEETEELIT] 


vesoossoey 


TERES) 


Wallingford, Berks, garrison of, officer of, 
564. 

Wallis, Thos., joiner, 496, 497, 500. 

eee Dr., 76, 311, 408. 


Wallop, Rob., 111, 338. 
Eliz., widow of, 111, 338. 


see eeeeeee aereeey 


e a Ba ORs 3 <+... Second husband and chil- 
dren of, 338. 
Wallop, Nether, Hants, letter dated from, 
581. 
30 


770 


Walpole, Sir Edw., 552. 

RENAA ., Sir John, 553. 

Walpole, co. Norfolk, living of St. Andrew’s 
in, 311, 315. 

Walsh, George, 445. 

Walter, Capt. John, 630. 

AAN > Lhos., 389. 

Walters, Capt. Rob., 426. 

Waltham Abbey, Essex, game at, 70. 

eaa dir Forest, accounts for, alluded to, 69. 

Walton, Andrew, 30. 

EOT aea petition of, 30. 


Walton’s Mess, Berks, house called, 323. 

Wandesford, Lady, 102, 272. 

Wanklin, Thos., request by, 657. 

Wanley, Nath., information by, 655. 

Wanstead, Hants, letter dated from, 513. 

Wapping, Middlesex, letters dated from, 345, 
502. 

TE , resident at, 211. 


War or rebellion, the late, alluded to, 36, 44, 
52, 53, 62, 70, 94, 113, 194, 198, 211- 
213, 247, 403, 404, 442, 469, 516, 562, 
599, 646; see also Usurpation. 


Warburton, John, messenger, warrants to, 98, 


368. 

Ward, Dr. Hamnet, 30, 37. 

Daea es tie > «seseey petition of, 80. 

Riese toee m coven) Mae Cre, CL) 

asees , Miles, 501. 

ES , Rich., 527. 

oea raes , Seth, Bishop of Salisbury and late 
Bishop of Exeter, certificate by, 56. 

RETES , Thos., receipt by, 592. 


Warden, butcher, 25. 

Wardour, Lord Arundel of, see Arundel, 
Henry. 

Wardour, Wm., Clerk of the Pells, 213, 223, 
440, 458, 503, 521. | 

cee ncibests » seveeey letters of, 243, 246. 

o pracsreey LOLLEES itO, 2392). 246; 287: 

eOe > ses..e3 Orders to, 316, 358, 407. 

Wards, Court of, 166 (2), 382, 411. 


PES , abolition of, alluded to, 411, 434, 
607. 

Ware, Middlesex, New river near, 573. 

Wareham, Dorset, assizes at, 235. 

EDA , letters dated from, 219, 232, 234, 238, 
242, 269, 285, 585. 

Warner, John, of Thetford, 549. 

Sharer s... Martha, widow of, petition of, 


seeker asiatt COLONENOL 549; 


eeN , John, sen. and jun., of Winchester, 
485, 514. 


ais a » Noel, 115. 

Warren, Rich., 590, 620. 

E , Rob., 154, 173. 

T , Thos., merchant, 193, 208, 347, 433. 
sesia shgebey POLLLION OL, 288: 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Warren—cont. 


Seine afore . Sir Wm., 49, 123, 168, 182, 188, 361, 
593, 608, 621, 624. 

Be. Sonnac}. dconc0 , letters of, 106, 345, 502. 

E ETOT > eeen, letter to, 168. 

Mancow ty see... tenders by, 126 (3), 636. 

a... Mr., secretary to Lord Howard’s 

embassy, 414, 417. 

Warrington, co. Lancaster, 378. 

Warsash, Hants, timber from, 28. 

Warsaw, Poland, news from, 375. 

Warter, Wm., 516. 

Warton, Michael, 608. 

Warwick, Sir Phil., 461, 657. 

coboteaes s esere Philip, son of, 657. 

neee seep LIMON 219 

Warwick, assizes at, 236, 430. 

esaesa „ execution at, 241. 

sessao) NEWS from, 236. 

oaoa a , prisoner at, 262. 

ae Eh , witches at, 25. 

Warwickshire, 236, 262, 655. 

ERAN , fairs in, 347, 375. 

SOAR SORA: , Lord Lieutenant of, Earl of North- 
ampton, 655. 

OOC: , places in, 176, 502. 

SODOROGE ., Sheriffs for, 47 (2). 

aoise .., vicarage or rectory in, 175, 599, 604. 

Warwin, Sir Phil., 57. 

Wase, Chris., 65. 

AS A conocer) Ea a OE 

sear s «eee, translations by, 65. 

Washbourne, Thos., §.T.P., certificate by, 
268. 

Washburne, co. Devon, resident at, 414. 

Wastalhead Forest, Cumberland, bow-bearer 
of, 66. 

Watchet Creek, co. Somerset, ship built at, 66. 

EA , ship of, 66. 

Waterford, Ireland, 608. 

Waters, Dorothy, 280. 

Aaaa s seveeey affidavit by, 281. 

Watkin, Walt., and Co., letter of, 628. 

Watson, Fras., 103, 190. 

EAREN se.. grant to, 43, 

sraao , Jo., letter of, 483. 

I atea SON Of, 483, 

aa , Peter, 400. 

En , Thos., letter of, 213. 

Watts, John, tender by, 635. 

O A EAGAN 

000 soup) seersepMlCLLCTS VOL GLOGS) 10 A md oeoue 
24, 81, 38, 40, 47, 57, 61, 64, 66, 71, 


72 (2), 77, 80, 81, 87, 89, 91, 102, 104, 
110, 114, 116 (2), 122, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Watts, Rich., letters of—cont. 

(1669), 144, 148 (2), 152, 
160, 161, 166, 167, 170, 174 (3), 175, 
183, 184 (2), 188,191, 196, 199 (2), 203, 
204, 207, 212, 214, 215, 221, 223, 299, 
230 (2), 233, 241, 265, 269, 275, 281, 
289, 290, 302, 303, 306, 311, 318, 328, 
332, 343, 345 (2), 348, 851, 355, 356, 
360, 368, 369, 371, 374, 384, 387, 394- 
396, 404, 407, 413, 415 (2), 417, 426, 
438, 444, 445, 449, 450, 452, 453, 457 
(2), 463, 475, 485, 489, 492, 496, 500 
(2), 503, 511, 520, 523, 525, 533 (2), 
556, 558, 560 (2), 570, 575, 577, 579, 
585, 587, 590, 592, 594, 596, 604, 605, 
610, 613 (2), 616, 628 (2). 

vanto > ++... Nephew of, 415. 

eet ., Lieut. (late), 500. 

Wayte, Edw., 502. 

EEK swb. letters of, 501, 513. 

a s... Joyce, wife of, 502. 

eee Win., consul at Zante, 206, 646. 

Wearden, Wm., letter of, 362. 

Webb, John, petition of, 132. 

EE , Nath., shipmaster, 299. 

a osean , Sir Nath., Master in Chancery, 84. 

O Wma eos 

Weddingham, 27. 

Weekes, Dr., 421. 

Weeks, Ant. and Thos., brothers, 430. 

ae .., Mr., see Wilkes, Mr. 

Weeton-cum-Preeze, co. Lancaster, fair at, 
Die 

Welborn, co. Lincoln, resident at, 44. 

Welby, co. Leicester, game at, 595. 

Wellacombe Sands, Devon, 567. 

Wells, Roger, 203. 

Wells, Norfolk, ship at, 558. 

pens s.. Somerset, assizes at, 113, 114. 

Welsh, James, Mayor of Rye, letters of, 170, 
186, 442, 448. 
Aa ATN to 
n Wm., 323. 

Meer necks , summons for, 30. 

Wendover, Capt. of the Blessing, 406. 

Wentworth, Elizabeth, Countess of Strafford, 
widow of Thomas, first Earl of Straf- 
ford, letter to, 629. 

spnonaeAnE Thomas, second Earl of Strafford, 
letter of, 27. 

e... Thomas, Earl of Cleveland, 137, 382, 


CO osossoy osooso 


386. 

Frona > -+.... Anne, daughter of, see Lovelace, 
Lady. 

AE AAA , Thomas, Lord Wentworth, son 
of, 137, 382, 386, 612. 

A OT T , regiment under, 41. 

ao Ana iA aa , Philadelphia, widow of, 
137. 

SoS II o , letters of, 382, 612. 

TA T A E b Honvietta; Baroness Went- 


“worth, daughter of, 137. 


771 


Werden, John, 526. 

BOC , Capt. Rob., 50. 

AE , sectary, 404 (2). 

West, Henry, 458 (2). 

sea > JOS., 366. 

West, the, ships sailing towards, 318, 363, 
396, 417, 452; see also England, West 
of. 

Westbury, co. Wilts, resident at, 657. 

Westcombe, John, 5, 143 (?) 

Westegobia, Cumberland, resident at, 641. 

Westenholt Walk, lands called, 527. 

Westerley, Hen., petition of, 651. 

West Indies, or India, 366, 390, 570. 


eeren: fleet, French, 288. 

Se , ships in, to, or from, 87, 141, 1965 
319, 332, 325, 848, 410, 552. 

dase ; Sad in, attack on, 570 (2). 


Westland, Oliver, tenders by, 635 (4). 


Westminster Abbey, or St. Peter’s Church, 
619. 

oo ogoh aoco , Chapel in, 23. 

ae aT A <. Great Almonry near, 124. 

I AT , Henry VII.’s chapel in, 135. 

Esens s...» Dean of, see Dolben, John. 

O , prebend in, 191. 

Westminster, 115, 279, 329, 330, 356. 

deee , bills of mortality in, 126, 637. 

Reset , head bailiff of, 640. 

seas sist , letters dated from, 23, 56, 118,307, 
503, 565. 

eaacess » manor of, 651. 

A , Officers in, 124, 212. 

saae +.) places in, viz. :— 


Armoury, keeper of, 315. 
Brewers’ Yard, 245. 
College Almhouses, 652. 


Court of King’s Bench, see King’s 
Bench. 


Gatehouse, see Gatehouse. 

House of Correction (?), 516. 

King’s house, St. Stephen’s, 448. 

Paiace, steward of the court of, 430, 
509. 

Palace Yard Gate, 340. 

Pickering House, 418, 556. 

St. Margaret’s parish, 82. 

nerau , churchwardens, &c., of, 508 


posacdhod s se... petition of, 330. 
PIE , King Charles Hospital in, 
330, 433. 
, treasurer of, 463, 508. 
aa EAEn , poor of, 330, 433, 461, 463. 
St. Stephen’s Hospital, 650. 
School, scholar of, 315 (2). 
Scotland Yard, 488, 516, 651 (3). 
Tilt Yard, 418, 556, 651. 
Wallingford House, 418, 475, 556. 
Walsingham House, 556, 651 (2). 


172 


Westminster, places in—cont. 
Westminster Hall, paper scattered 
in, 542. 
Whitehall, see Whitehall. 
ea , residents in, 61, 245, 646. 
E , Streets of, surveyor-general for, 498. 
Westmoreland, Earl of, see Fane, Charles. 
Westmoreland, 320, 570, 644. 
Ne , lieutenant of, 88. 
E , seditious persons in, 73. 
Weston, Thomas, fourth Earl of Portland, 
446, 650. 
Weston, Sir Rich., 569 (2). 
Weston Zoyland, co. Somerset, resident at, 
455. 
Wettmere, letter dated from, 8. 
Wettwang, Capt. John, 75, 273. 
eens eseas arenes) Letters (Ol, 125092, 98,600 74, 


Wey, Surrey (river), navigation of, 569. 

Weybridge, Surrey, letter dated from, 419. 

aO , timber at, 43, 179. 

TE , traveller to, 179. 

Weymouth, Nicholas, letters of, 76, 89, 185, 
591. 

Weymouth, co. Dorset, 502, 588. 

ONS , distemper at, 493. 


noa , letters, &c., dated from, 4, 14, 17, 25, 
48, 54, 80, 95, 101, 110, 111, 149, 174, 
203, 221, 231, 241, 252, 262, 266, 297, 
807, 345, 373, 410, 450, 456, 502, 522, 
600, 610. 


S500000 , remarkable tide at, 410. 

deet , residents at, 123, 124. 

Sees Road, ships in, 17. 

Eo , Ships of, 4, 38, 111, 543, 550. 
Pee eaa SMIDE tO LOr TON, 125,90 a LOL LLT, 

231, 262, 266, 373, 522, 600, 610. 
Whallay, plotter, 273. 
Wheeler, Sir Chas., 382. 


eea » ess.. father of, 608. 

Whichcott, Sir Jeremy, 380. 

Whitby, co. York, letter dated from, 209. 

EA iA , Shipwrecked mariners at, 381. 

Whitchelow, John, 330. 

Whitchurch, letter dated from, 102. 

SCORE ONO , traveller to and from, 307, 308. 

White, Rich., 138. 

COE Ae » Thos., 41. 

AT, ., Capt. Thos., 168, 383. 

aessa » aaa letters of, 174, 188. 

maawa sop aaae BOANA wW. Of, BES. 

Whitehall, 37, 46, 88, 161, 174, 203, 340, 445, 
544, 573. 

Eao attendance at, 124, 144, 195, 355, 556. 


seers Cockpit in, letters dated from, 97, 
119, 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Whitehall—cont. : 

ms... Court at, letters dated from, 107, 121, 
122, 183, 190, 196, 197, 211, 245, 270 
(5), 281, 317, 835 (2), 341, 347, 368, 
376, 387, 433, 440, 452, 453 (2), 460, 
463, 464, 468 (3), 487, 510, 525, 531, 
534, 544, 550, 556, 568, 578, 586, 589, 
599, 600, 606, 611, 615, 622, 631 (3), 
632. 

ER , guards at, 23, 53. 


daro , keeper of the robes at, 656. 


TE ..., King and Court to or at, 23, 83, 418, 
495, 537 (2), 538. 

seess letters, &c., addressed to, 394, 487, 
525, 618. Á 

sesaeeee, letters, &e., dated from (1668), 14, 
22, 30 (2), 36, 37, 39 (2), 44, 55-57, 
61-64, 68, 69, 71, 76, 78, 79, 82-84, 87, 
90-94, 96, 101-103, 105, 107-109, 111 
(2), 113-115, 121, 122, 132, 133. 


Tuan „ceace (1669), 144-146, 152-155, 162 
(2), 164 (2), 166 (2), 167 (2), 173, 
178 (2), 181, 183, 184, 186, 193 (2), 
197-199; 201, 208 (2), 210 (2), 212, 
219, 224, 225, 227 (4), 238, 241, 245, 
247 (2), 252, 258, 255 (2), 256, 262, 
264, 266-268, 278, 279, 284, 286, 237 
(2), 290, 294, 297, 300, 301, 308 (2), 
311-315, 318-320, 323 (2), 324, 326, 
328-330, 333 (3), 334, 338, 340, 346 
(2), 351, 352, 355-357, 861 (2), 362, 
364, 366 (2), 368-871, 376, 378-380, 
382, 384, 386 (4), 387, 390 (2), 393, 
395, 899, 400 (3), 403 (2), 407-409, 
411, 412, 418, 420, 422 (2), 427, 428 
(2), 433, 437, 452, 455, 462 (4), 465, 
466, 469-472, 474 (2), 475, 482-484, 
488, 489, 492, 494, 496, 500, 504, 505, 
521, 529, 533, 542, 544, 550, 553,557 
(2), 559, 561, 564 (2), 565 (2), 573, 
576, 579 (2), 582, 583 (2), 587 (2), 
589, 590 (2), 592, 596, 604, 606, 610, 
612, 620 (2), 621,626 (3). 

ERT , long gallery in, letter dated from, 
364. 

aeaaea , Offices at, see Bennet, Henry, Lord 
Arlington, and Williamson, Jos., offices 
of. 

cacti Palace, armoury in, 653. 

doadcnae. » persons at or about, 625, 647. 

ENa , plan of, alluded to, 224. 

Aana » plot to fire, 316. 

an , robbery at, 172, 581. 

Rari , Queen to, 18. 

ENE , theatre at, 132. 

Emono , Treasury Chambers in, see Treasury 
Chambers. 


A , workhouses, &c., near, 653. 
Whitehaven, Cumberland, 642. 


aiid .. custom house at, letter dated from, 
470. 


Whitehouse, co. Durham, 183. 
White North, Dorset, ship wrecked at, 110. 


Whitfield, George (late), 241 (2), 242, 320, 
386, 429. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Whitfield—cont. 

Nathan, 135. 

seas sey sees», Certificate by, 458. 

Whitley, Col. Ro., 474. 

letters of, 494, 501. 

brother of, 501 (?). 

Whittaker, Chas., letter of, 281. 

Whittell, Rob., 564. 

Whittington, Chas., letters of, 17, 46, 57, 99, 
143, 207, 239, 265, 282, 307, 388, 348 
(3), 371, ao 430, 481, 513, 548, 579, 


Pe eereeeey 


ETETET 


sesessy 


623. 
Whittlewood Forest, co. Northampton, 57€. 
$0603.00 , keepers of, 352, 
ASOOGIOG timber in or from, 69, 79, 96, 120, 


179, 237, 249, 255, 352, 558. 
Whorwood, Broome, 355, 390, 455, 465 (4). 


seruat erae petitions of, 355, 379, 464. 

sisisise atest Peer , Jane, wife of, 355 (2), 379, 
390, A55, 464, 465 (2). 

o Eo cos 5 ., petition of, 465. 


Wicket Hill, P at, 656. 

Wickham, John, messenger of the Chamber, 
37. 

count 5 ocacnng PEGON Ons SVG 

peteiseistiees Mrs., 322. 

Widdrington, William, Lord Widdrington, 
Governor of Berwick, 224. 

Widdrington, Hen., 219, 314, 585. 


Wigan, co. Lancaster, parsonage or rectory of, 
154, 190. 


Wigenhall St. Mary, Norfolk, vicar of, 213. 
Wiggan, Humphrey, 550. 

Wigginer [John], 159. 

Wiggoner, Giles, 639. 

Wight, Isle of, 88, 97, 128, 181, 268, 279, 348. 
TAE Carisbrook Castle in, see Carisbrook. 
PEO ...„ Castles and forts of, 118, 244, 573. 
deputy-governor of, 137. 
Mavesasespersier ey JACE, ODO> 

Governor of, see Holmes, Sir Rob. 


nabOoATAGS or Bees , late, see Colepeper, Lord, and 
Portland, Earl of. 


E , places in, 244, 284, 533. 

Eae seis residents in, 102, 365, 397. 

bak PA , ships to or from, 221, 297, 381, 450, 
616. 

EDA travellers to, 197, 406. 

NR ... troops in, 520, 533, 620. 

Wigmore, Lieut.-Col. Rich., 222. 

OSE EE letter of, 429. 

Wilbarston, co. Northampton, land in, 39. 

Wilcocks, Mr., 405. 

Wild, Dr., nonconformist, 430. 

Wilde, Thos., certificate by, 213. 

Wildman, Major [John], 424-426. 

Wilkes, or Weeks, Luke, 161 (?), 240. 

Capt., 239. 

ea tae sOnueniter Of, 239) 


e... Mr. (Williamson’s steward ?), 471 
(3), 474, 475, 483. 


see aeeneny 


eee e ene 


ssossessey 


773 


Wilkins, Dr. John, Bishop of Chester, late 
Dean of Ripon, 11, 13, 19, 28, 24, 54, 
62, 64, 74, 76, 82, 154, 190. 

weet . letters to, 11, 608. 

Recon ee , goldsmith, of Oxford, 48. 

Wilkinson, John, 277. 

hert Martin, 590 (2). 

Wilkshaw, Capt., see Willshaw. 

Willes, see Willis, Thos. 

Wiliams, John, 359. 

Sir John, 617. 

Pisce whee , Lawrence, 284. 

Rob., letter of, 112. 

Thos., M.D., registrar of bankrupts, 

224, 245. 

, Dr. Thos., Assay Master for tin, 70, 

73, 98, 315. 

EATE, aers, JOHN, SON of 73, 98. 

. 009. 

Williamson, Jos., secretary to Lord Arlington, 
6, 52, 134, 230, 238, 239, 240, 285 (2), 
329, 343, 450, 494, 560, 567, 580. 


Se > +e... 48 Keeper of Papers for matters 
of state, warrant to, 104. 


ETETEETET] 


EEEETETET) 


EETTTEEET] 


Deana Ff CODGEBDY cobEcoey VATA Or OPTED ya 

ana EES ><... aS Candidate for Thetford, 535 
(4), 543, 544. 

ROS seeders AS M.P. for Thetford, 549, 557. 

sadoog6os seeen Clerks, &e., of, 282, 414, 495, 


570, 632 ; see also Bridgeman; Francis, 
Rob.; Perrot, Charles ; Yard, Rob. 


ia y seeeeey diaries of, 142, 660. 

aise aaea OREA T or bribes offered to, 27, 
98, 287, 522. 

kaaf » area Grants to, 51 (2), 358. 

ee Skoda or lodgings of, 471, 483, 
488, 496, 497. 

EEA , «+eeee, Influence of, asked for, 89 (2), 
174, 184 (2), 522. 

E, > ee... DeWS correspondents of, list of, 
658. 

ERE ea OCO TOES 49792 

ROTSE araen letters iin GY; S011 Bef 
381, 452, 457, 466, 467, 471-473, 483 


(5), 488, 496 (3), 497, 529, 535, 632. 
sorae ran soree seraa alluded to, 230, 334. 
e a „=e. letters to (1668), 1 (4), 38-5, 7, 
8 (4), 10 (4), 11, 14 (2), 15 (4), 17- 
22, 24, 25 (2), 27-29, 31 (8), 33-36, 
38-40, 42 (3), 45-48, 51 (5), 52 (2), 
54 (2), 55, 57-59, 61 (2), 62 (2), 64- 
68, 70-72, 74-77, 80, 81 (2), 87-91, 
93-95, 97-99, 101-107, 110 (3), 111 
(2); 114-116, 118, 119 (5), 122 (3), 
124, 134 (2), 135 (5). 
(1669), 148-146, 148 
(3), 149 (2), 151-153, 155-157, 159- 
163, 166 (2), 167 (3), 169 (4), 170 
(4), 172 (3), 174-176, 178-181, 183 
(5), 184 (2), 186-189, 191 (3), 194 
(4), 196-199, 201, 204 (2), 206-209, 
212-215, 219, 221-224, 228-236, 238- 
244, 246 (3), 250-255, 258 (2), 259 (2), 


Peete eeney ssoseeg sevens 


174 


Williamson; Jos., letters to (1669)—cont. 
261 (2), 262 (3), 265 (5), 266 (8), 
268 (2), 269 (3), 271-273, 275- 
279, 281 (2), 282 (2), 284, 285, 287— 
290, 292-298, 300-303, 306 (2), 307 
(7), 310-312, 314 (2), 316, 318 (2), 
320, 321 (3), 324 (4), 325 (3), 328 (2), 
329(3), 331-335, 338-345, 348(3), 349, 
351, 352 (2), 354-358, 360 (4), 362 (2), 
363 (2), 365-867, 369 (4), 371 (4), 
373-375, 877 (2), 878 (6), 381, 382 
(3), 884 (2), 387 (3), 888 (3), 390 (2), 
392, 394-396, 398 (4), 399 (4), 401 
(3), 402 (3), 404 (4), 405 (2), 407- 
410, 413-415, 417-419, 422 (2), 426, 
428-430, 432 (4), 486-438, 440 (2), 
442 (2), 444 (4), 445 (3), 447-453, 
456-460, 462, 463 (4), 465 (2), 466 
(5), 468-475, 481-483, 485-490, 492- 
497, 500-503, 505, 506 (2), 511 (2), 
5138 (2), 514 (5), 516 (2), 517 (2), 
520 (4), 522-525, 528-531, 533 (5), 
535 (3), 536 (2), 588, 539, 543-546, 
548 (4), 550, 552 (5), 553, 555-560, 
563-565, 567, 569-575, 577-581, 583 
(4), 585 (4), 587-592, 594-596, 600, 
602-605, 607 (2), 608 (3), 610 (3), 
612-614, 616-619, 621-625, 627-632. 


AA > seeeeey letters to, alluded to, 22, 62, 93, 
212, 282, 398, 405, 442, 550, 564, 629 
(2), 656. 

5 , notes, drafts, endorsements, &c., 
of, 48, 51, 52, 57, 84 (2), 89, 104, 133 
(2), 134, 136, 138-141, 191, 217, 243 
(2), 260, 285, 287, 289, 335 (3), 341, 
357 (2), 360, 364, 373, 416, 424, 486, 
504, 509 (2), 542, 557, 560, 584, 589, 
640, 656 (2), 657. 

aoea ean , other papers addressed to, 45, 
62, 79, 86, 88, 125, 177, 218, 257, 305, 
FA 391, 436, 502, 505, 510, 549, 557, 

63, 583, 588, 590, 599, 634. 


EAEN. o enei alluded t0471, 472: 
apearen sienes , petitions of, 651 (4). 

aPpaance EROP , petition to, 549. 

esaeas s sss... George, brother of, 473, 522. 
sana sae a e , letters of, 231, 239, 581. 
: op asan , brother of, 136, 252, 522. 

A E asser Sister Of, 381. 


S , Thomas, cousin of, 303. 
, cousins of, 581. 
se.. godson of, 151. 
PEE , relations of, 5, 529, 581. 
OPAOS , Thos., 605. 
AEA , Vere, letter of, 235. 
, son of, 235. 
., Wm., shipmaster, letters of, 19, 197, 
211, 215, 322, 326, 331, 417, 495, 499, 
500, 576. 
Mr., Coventry, 5 
Lames Mr., pass for, 204. 
Willis, or Willes, Thos., M.A., chaplain to the 
King, 96, 98, 177, 184, 434. 
suena Dr. Thos., 657. 
diaacheetglestaens FOLOL OL B08 


re) 


GENERAL 


INDEX. 


Willison, Mr., 522. 
Willoughby, Francis, fifth Lord Willoughby of 
Parham, 135 (?). 


seen see > William, sixth Lord Willoughby 
of Parham, his brother, 111, 144, 149, 
411. 

aaa ae e > menee letters of, 228 (2): 


Willoughby, iene -Gen. [Henry, Governor 
of Antigua], 22. 

OE » Wm., J.P., 456. 

eos , Sir Wm., Bart., 655. 

Willshaw, Wilkshaw, or Wiltshaw, Capt. 
Fras., 222, 322, 414, 439, 487. 

aean y seve) letter of, 494. 

Wilmot, Thos., B.A., 290 (2), (M.A.) 450. 

Aucune > sere, petition of, 290. 

Wilson, John, messenger, warrants to, 37 (3). 

SBE OGD , John, storekeeper at Chatham, 251, 
267, 359, 469, 515, 624. 

, letters of, 260, 267, 302, 361, 
876, 400, 416, 418, 423, 467, 519, 624 
(2), 628. 

Badetesteles > esses, letters to, 280 (2). 

, wife of, 418. 

Santen ee » Wm., letter of, 194. 

aeaa , Capt. (late), 184. 

s «s. Mr., author, 29, 30, 32. 


Wiltshaw, see Willshaw. 


Wiltshire, 407, 535, 562, 657. 


e a , assizes in, 535, 657. 

sseeeeeey deputy-lieutenants of, 94. 

Seri , sheriff of, 589. 

atO > «sees, letter to, 456. 

Wimbledon, Surrey, benefice of, 290. 

Winchelsea, Earl of, see Finch, Heneage. 

Winchester, Marquis of, see Paulet. 

pecan , Bishop of, see Morley, George. 

gaoat , Bishop of (former), Fox, Rich., 642. 

auodsosc , Dean of, see Clarke, Dr. Wm. 

Winchester, 299, 471, 514. 

ATO , College of, child of, 403, 514. 

aaae: p s... Governors of, letter to, 800. 

EAT > seeeeey Warden of, 300. 

iiss sey seeeeey eooeesy TECommendation to, 403. 

Wind, state of the, lists of, 45, 86, 125, 177, 
218, 257, 305, 350, 391, 436, 468, 510, 
563, 599, 634. 

Winderwath, Westmoreland, estate at, 320. 

Windham, see Wyndham. 

Windsor, Lord, see Hickman. 

Windsor, Berks, 462, 483, 504, 563. 


S80 00000 . Castle, 78, 317, 460, 607. 

eaaa aae ...„ Constable and Governor of, see 
Rupert, Prince. 

EOI ++ esee, letters dated from, 624, 625. 

E T .+; prisoners in, 92, 97 (2), 389. 

EAIA ..... receiver of revenue of, 167, 460, 
531. 

E E TOODE , Surveyor of the works at, 531. 


r Dean and Chapter of, letter to, 508. 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Windsor, Berks—cont. 

sseeseeeey guards or soldiers at, 78, 317. 
. letter dated from, 281. 

AR , poor knight of, 23. 


ee sere » prebends or prebendaries of, 112, 
178, 322 (2), 346, 509. 
ioen: Forest, Hurley Walk in, 620. 


eero Manor, receiver of rents for, 460. 

e eN , New, Mayor and bailiffs of, 74. 

OO senses resident at, 73. 

eniossaeos 3 tesoo6 , town clerk of, 531. 

abes , Old, house in, 323. 

Bunedacon Park, keepership of, 43. 

Wines, 40, 111, 117, 166, 486, 547, 550, 657. 

eS vak , Acts concerning, alluded to, 221, 252, 
362. 


sissies .... duties or tax on, alluded to, 40, 261, 
362, 437, 642. 


sleet for the King, see Charles II., wine for. 
Tiens. , licences for, alluded to, 64, 640. 
eaan , ships to fetch, or laden with, 5, 25, 


33, 75-77, 81 (2), 87, 88, 101, 102; 104, 
107, 110 (2), 116 (2), 128, 149, 152, 


169, 178, 183 (2), 196, 203, 207, 240, 


277, 285, 341, 352, 355, 365, 437, 442, 
516, 546, 550, 563, 565, 567, 575, 579, 


581, 587, 590, 605. 
aeaa , Bordeaux, 25, 174, 550, 552. 
secs , Canary, 9, 110, 170. 


ee ee , French, 76, 169, 221, 240, 245, 252, 


548, 550, 625. 
anek : Malaga, 613, 617. 
See ner ast » sherry, 221. 
aaae , Spanish, 163, 169, 245. 
Wingate, Edw., 73, 217. 
Wingfield, Edw. and Johnn, 644. 
Wingham, Kent, resident at, 592. 
Winter, John, 353, 357. 
aenean i > +++...) Information by, 107. 
Winterborne, Henry, 85. 
Winterton, John, 564. 
Winterton, Norfolk, 4, 67, 198. 
Wintour, Sir John, 173. 
Wisbech, Isle of Ely, castle at, bailiff of, 


468. 
eee , letter dated from, 456. 
Wise, Col. Mathew, petition of, 53 
antee > Wm., 573. 
Wiseman, Edm., 259. 
eedah , Ehos., 73, 98, 359. 


Witches, 25. 
Witham, Essex, postmaster at, 517, 523. 
Wivell, Edw., 95. 


Wolstenholme, Sir John, 34, 175, 184 (2), 


196. 
RRT > c.. CErtificate by, 583. 
Spoons , letter of, 163. 
Wood, Eon 211 (2). 
Joao ooi , John, 138. 


sovseeeery JOS., letter of, 428. 


775 


Wood—cont. 

siete ss) Nich., letters of, 213, 235, 365, 482, 
489. 

Mises ...., Thos., Dean of Lichfield, certificate 
by, 64. 

eaman , Wm., 195. 

ARAETA , Wm., timber merchant, 16, 43, 271, 
558. 

ademas a iaw , tenders by, 635 (7), 636 (2). 


Meiwes , justice, 491. 

esaer , Williamson’s cousin, 531. 

Wood, see Timber. 

Woodhorn-cum-Hrlington, Sussex, 
of, 527. = 

Woodlands, Steven, 497. 

Woodroff, John, 4, 100, 297, 481. 

meneer sevevey Crabriel, brother of, 466, 481. 

Woodroffe [or Woodward], Dr. [Michael], 
Warden of New College, Oxon, 262. 

Woodstock, Oxon, manor of, deputy-bailiff 
for 2974 

Ea , manor house of, 227. 

Woodward, Mr., 82. 

Woodyard, Thos., afidavit by, 584. 

Wool, 4-6, 128. 

Seesaw , import and export of, 126, 155, 556. 

Ge , Ships laden with, 345, 563, 567. 

Woolwich, Kent, 15, 16, 60, 81 (2), 205 (2), 
360, 389, 458, 515, 529, 647. 

Page Oe , condition of, 230. 

nds , fortifications at, 132. 

.saseeeey letters dated from, 7 (2), 16 (2), 21 (2), 
41,42, 49, 61, 63, 65, 67, 69, 71, 74, 81 
(2), 87,-105, 112 (2), 117, 144, 147, 
148, 150, 160, 170, 171 (2), 178, 185, 
195, 205 (2), 207, 208, 220, 223, 230 
(2), 235 (2), 237 (2), 246, 260, 271, 
279, 284, 287,288, 292, 295, 302, 305, 
309 (2), 317, 332, 338, 8359-361, 366, 
374, 398, 400, 409, 413, 431, 439 (2), 
443, 458, 462, 476, 489, 492, 518, 526, 
532, 539, 548, 555, 558, 568, 571, 601, 
623. 

senate , North shore at, 366, 431, 476. 

EEEn , seamen, &c., at, petition of, 651. 

Sige , Ships at, 28, 79, 150, 436. 

D s e.’ building of, 809, 589, 601. 

R , s... letter dated from, 185. 


AE: s e... Officers of, papers relating to, 


prebend 


oS y e... repairing or fitting of, 42, 205, 
237. 


eTa .., Ships to or from, 174, 185, 215, 274, 
332, 623. 


ERENS, , Ships sunk at, 304. 
Ac , Wharf at, 227. 


rod OnObS , wrecks at, weighing of, 79, 302, 305, 
309, 317, 374, 397, 431, 435, 443, 450, 
476, 526, 


776 


Woolwich Dockyard, clerk of the cheque of, 
see Sheldon, Wm. 

EE EE , clerk of the survey at, 214, 532. 

docks at, 41. 


eee ee wees ere reey 


cabs tates s.. master shipwright at, 205. 

Saw gator naa , officers of, 16, 69, 220, 574. 

See letter of, 81. 

eta Seager a , storehouse at or for, 409, 412, 
439, 515, 607. 


pap bocEdor RA storekeeper at, 361. 

Sdocdonae oboou: , stores at or from, 150, 162, 207, 
208, 492, 532, 611, 620. 

nodaggo0o e.s... Stores wanted at, 195, 235, 518. 

aee T ., timber at or for, 7, 21, 28, 61, 


117, 237 (2), 361, 383, 398, 458, 462, 
485, 539, 548, 558, 571, 574, 601. 

PR Ney or rOore workmen at or to, 21, 71, 74, 
117, 237, 246, 284, 313, 398, 492, 547, 
584, 591, 615. 


A aunee s ears payment of, 400. 

nposbcot “ss. ropeyard at, 500. 

Bs asic seve > cus Clerk of, see Bodham, 
Wm 

Caa Aot e. seveeey letters dated from, 21, 110, 
219, 500, 566, 571, 615 (2). 

A Geena E AN EESE , ropemakers at, 112. 


Wootton Hundred, co. Oxon, 227. 


Worcester, Marquis of, see Somerset. 
., Bishop of, 652 ; see also Skinner, Dr. 
Rob. 
Cathedral, repair of, 652. 
prebends in, 340 (2), 351, 358 


serosssso sroesey 


RRA A ocho , prebendaries of, 450. 

ES Dean and Chapter of, 652. 

EAN «eee letter or mandamus to, 358, 450. 
ES diocese or bishopric of, 599, 652. 


Worcester, battle of, alluded to, 131, 132, 185. 

goatee e seveeey King’s escape from, see Giarles 
it: escape of. 

P RIR s «sess, prisoners taken at, 379, 484. 

excise officer in, 255. 

Ane a Mayor of, 255. 

EA: , paper dated from, 255. 

residents at, 247, 255, 256. 

traveller to, 366. 


se eweerary 


eee eeneey 


Worcestershire, parishes in, 410. 

S, , places in, 102, 390, 410, 573, 576. 

aeeatiinte , sheriff of, 87. 

anes , warrants to, 247, 256. 

Work([ington P], Cumberland, letter dated 
from, 581. 

Works, Office of, 132. 

nenas , comptroller of, see May, Hugh. 

Mhen TE , master carpenter of, 615. 


... master paviour-general of, 181 (2), 
190. 


GENERAL INDEX, 


Works—cont. 

a .... Officers of, 60, 615. 

eeni +» warrant to, 245. 

ERIA ...., paymaster of [ Phil. Packer ], 163, 604, 
615. 

heey late, see May, Hugh. 

ea surveyor of, see Denham, Sir John, 
and Wren, Dr. Chris. 

sssseveesy SULVEYOrship of, 132. 

World, the, description of, alluded to, 564, 

Wormel, Capt. Doughty, 379. 

Worsley, Dr. Benj., 260, 617. 

aN , petition of, 651. 

Worthy Mortimer, ' Hants, 
561. 

Wortley, Sam., 654. 

Wortley House, near Sheffield, 654. 

Worts, Wm., 609. 

Wotton, Lord, see Kirkhoyen. 


Wotton, Henry, chaplain to the House of 
Commons, 322. 


Aci S at , note of, 618. 
Ea s seeren PELICON Of 322) 
Wotton Coppice, Hants, 326. 


Wragby, or Ragby; co. Lincoln, fairs and 
market at, 108. 


Wray, Sir Bourchier, 322. 


manor of, 487, 


PE Sir Chris., 313, 337. 

AR mey eieaa Albina, witerOl, 313,337. 

Ea OA E R , Diana and Theodosia, daughters 
of, 313, 337. 

nasas Sir Wm., Bart. (his son), 337. 

aaas NN , petition of, 313. 

Wren, Dr. Christopher, surveyor of the 


works, 132, 224, 227, 309, 615, 655. 

veceseeey J., Certificates by, 12, 202. 

sesso, Mat., secretary to the Duke of York, 

9, 41, 204, 251, 264, 370, 489, 545. 

sists senene Letters on clo) (2A A0 SaO 
60, 79, 93, 103, 106, 118, 121, 144, 152, 
179, 195, 210, 227, 264, 277, 284, 286, 
319, 328, 335, 412, 413, 418, 427, 429, 
445, 505, 518, 582 (2), 593, 601. 

ee oaas aSk , letters to, 220, 292, 367, 392, 

@ 506. 

OOOO 5, ocean shasloaete , alluded to, 489. 

Wrentham, Suffolk, resident at, 159. 

Wrexham, co. Denbigh, letters dated from, 
438, 459. 

place near, 240. 

Wright, Henry, 527. 

Roane: si Jane, 502. 

John, 87. 

Rich,, information by, 425. 

Rob., co. Chester, 594, 

Rob., of Suffolk (?), letter of, 574. 

aeS css essas, letter to, 150; 

atesa, CULES On 4s 


EEETERETE] 


EETTTTETT) 


sssesosseg 


EEETTETET] 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Wriothesley, Thomas, Earl of Southampton, 
late Lord Treasurer, 26, 136, 138, 178, 
326, 461, 649, 657. 


ANSE asst Ua 3 beite of, 248. 

oeae anA OA , Frances, widow of, 209, 262, 486. 

Wrungey Priory, Norfolk, site of, 445. 

Wyat, Rich., 642. 

Wyborne, John, letter of, 295. 

eraci VIN GUS), 

Wyche, Sir Peter, 163, 495, 528. 

Wylde, Sir Wm., Bart., 256. 

Wyndham, or Windham, Sir Edmond, Bart., 
Knight Marshal, 437, 598, 626, 654. 

Poa Meses Otter Ol. 546. 

Saeed Po OT Hack 97. 

bares ne EROsSiS323. O L7. 

PR eaan BZ. wife of, 323. 

Baca 7 co -eappetitions of, 55 (2), 617. 

S Waa 190. 

Wynn, or Wynne, Henry, 430, 509. 

sala sess , Dr. Morgan, 599. 

Toa FEO ashter of, 599. 

ei , Sir Rich., Bart, 472, 654. 

Toray , Rob., letter of, 417. 

TE Ea , Thos., brother of, 417. 


OEEEEEET] 


y 


Yard, Rob., Williamson’s clerk, memorandum 
by, 186. 

Yardly, Mr., of Chatham, 575. 

Yarmouth, Great, Norfolk, aldermen and 


common council of, 10, 25, 100, 111, 
277, 278, 297, 466. 


cans tes , bailiffs, of, 4, 95, 100, 111, 297, 418, 
466, 481, 526. 

a hassel , “ Bridewell man” of, 458. 

ares , burgess for, 75. 

Sees Chamberlain of, 481. 

EA , church of, 100, 111. 

Sporada , conventicles, meetings, &c., at, 11, 
77, 95, 99, 100, 107, 111, 159, 221, 
243, 278, 297, 458, 465, 481, 490. 

SECO , fish or fishing near, 4, 11, 21, 23,31, 
481, 511, 525. 

eN ... harbour or haven of, boat accident 
at, 51. 

Aa ET , letter dated from, 526. 

e , letters dated- from, 4, 10, 19, 21, 27, 


31, 32, 38, 51, 59, 67, 68, 75, 77, 95, 
99, 107, 111, 119, 144, 159, 166, 178, 
183 (2), 188, 194, 198, 201, 209, 221, 
231, 235 (2), 243, 251, 266, 277, 288, 
297, 307, 331, 345, 360, 371, 387, 399, 
401, 407, 409, 413, 428, 438, 458, 466, 
481, 489, 511, 525, 552, 590, 594. 


goba .., magistrates of, 99, 100. 
79380. 


Oo 


777 


Yarmouth, Great, Norfolk—cont. 

ESANS , market cross of, 458, 466. 

R , merchants of, 287, 638. 

NA , news from, 11, 387, 413. 

haas , paper from, 584. - 

oee is , residents in, 4, 88, 77, 99, 159, 387, 
527, 552, 583, 638. 

ace ocen , Ships at or near, 481, 590. 

Aa > «e+, letter dated from, 582. 

een Ships Of, 21, 51, 59, 75, 93, 201, 231, 
235, 428, 545. 


EARS , ships to or from, 21, 27, 51, 57, 59, 
$7, 68, 75,77, 96, 107, 119, 144, 166, 
178, 183, 188, 194, 198, 201, 209, 221, 
235, 243 (2), 251, 266, 278, 288, 331, 
371, 387, 399, 407, 409, 413, 428, 438, 
458, 481, 511, 592, 594, 600. 

travellers to and from, 2138, 221, 264. 

Wheat Sheaf Inn at, 213. 


emer , wrecks near, 144, 438, 552. 


Yarmouth, North, ship of, 522. 


Yarmouth Road, ships in, to, or from, 19, 68, 
178, 188, 198, 201, 266, 297, 409, 428, 
511. 


seasettsl , sands, 548. 


Yarmouth, Isle of Wight, castle at, 244. 
Yeabsley, Thos., paper by, 138. 


Yelverton, Sir Henry Bart., 
367. 


nADOOOTANE, o s sister of, see Montague Anne, 
Lady Mandeville. 


Yeomans, Sir John, 339. 

—, murder of, 90. 
Yerbury, Dr., of Oxford, 244. 
Yetland-(? Zealand), coast of, 107. 
Yonckney, violinist, 258. 


York, Archbishop of, see Sterne, Dr. Rich. 
neah en ak , Dean and Chapter of, 247. 

..:.; ecclesiastical court of, 379. 
York, 198, 242, 339, 356, 516. 
sereen esey aSS8IZeS at, 334, 462. 
AaS Castle, prisoners in, 194, 339. 
ANORA , letters dated from, 67, 194, 452, 516. 
SEOC , St. Mary’s at, stewardship of, 242. 
E , troops at, officer of, 642. 
ER ., travellers to or from, 222, 272, 606. 
Yorkshire, 208, 320, 339. 
circuit of, assizes or trials in, 

654. 

aan a Wl eid OL aKa CLO 
oroad , earthquakes in, 481. 
enaere , farmer of excise in, 643. 
ACAO , judges of, warrant to, 654. 
aaas , lands or estates in, 64, 109, 123, 551. 
ET , places in, 64, 620. 
a , receiver of, 20. 
lies , rectories, &c., in, 247, 322, 371, 441. 
esaeen , residents in, 367, 572, 573, 652. 
aaa , sheriffs of, 272, 588. 
doostinasd p... Warrants to, 462, 654. 


3 D 


ETETEETTT 


EEEEEEEES] 


letters of, 232, 


356, 


778 


Yorkshire—cont. 

, travellers to, 485, 523. 

tence , North Riding of, game in, 270. 

aeei West Riding of, deputy-lieutenants 
of, 312. 

Paci aaie teci, Wapentake in, 573. 

Youghall, Ireland, ships of or to, 279, 567. 

Young, Capt. Ben., letter of, 118. 

Sago 005d , John (late), 461. 


oi: , Sir Walter, 535. 

ORAYI , Wm., musician, 446. 

ET , gunner, 366, 397. 

Younger, Mr., 236. 

Ypres, Recollects Convent at, letter dated 
from, 591. 

aea E 91. ae 


GENERAL INDEX. 


Z 


Zante, island of, 455. 

eet , currants from, 206, 646. 

, English consul at, 206, 460. 

, Governor or Providor at, 206. 

, merchants at, 206, 460. 

ewes , ships to or from, 297, 298, 523, 587. 
Zealand, merchant of, 401. 

Ooa ., prisoners to or from, 42, 62. 

Pers , ship lost near, 107 (?). 

Zibell, Mount, see Etna, Mount. 
Zierik See, Holland, ships to or from, 17, 623. 
Zouch, James, 604. : 

Zwol, Holland, traveller from, 214. 


sorssesoe 


ssssseses 


ERRATA. 


Page 36, line 21, for Curson read Curzon. 


65, line 25, for Hugh Gratius read Hugo Grotius. 
91, 22 lines from bottom, for Sherburn read Sherborne. 
96, line 6, for Huntingdon read Huntington. 
114, line 22, and 217, line 7, for Sir John Berkeley read John, Lord Berkeley. 


121, 21 lines from bottom, jor Lawrence Heemskirk read Sir Lawrence van 
Heemskirk. 


126, line 15, first column, enter No. 56a. 

133, delete second entry, grant to George Smyth. 

157, line 20, for Lord Digby and the Earl of read George, Lord Digby and Earl of. 
167, line 23, for Rows read Rowse. 

199, 11 lines from bottom, for 23 Dec, 1667 read 23 Dec. 1668. 

225, line 11, for Rob. read Wm. Brookes. 


~ 282, 5 lines from bottom, put to Sir George Carteret, Vice-Chamberlain of the 


Household, Vice-Treasurer, and Treasurer-at-War for Ireland. 

284, 17 lines from bottom, for Couzins read Cozens. 
300, line 16, for Sir J. Trevor read J. Trevor. 
346, 19 lines from bottom, for Nich. French read Trench. 
374, 12 lines from bottom, for Lord Lieutenant read Lieutenant. 
891, line 7, for Philoasileos read Philobasileus. 
405, line 14, for nunce read nunc. ` 

» » 15, for temparatam read temperatam. 
437, line 26, for Gwine read Gwinne, 
438, line 6, for Rumney read Romney. 
456, 12 lines from bottom, for Dateil read Duteil. 
484, 6 and 8 lines from bottom, for Dowen read Done. 
490, line 19, for Burridge read Burrage Martin. 
583, 22 lines from bottom, for Sir Mich. Crisp read Sir Nich. Crisp. 


=, at > ~~“ oe a 1 ae Me Calg = 


Ai : i : on wie 
i a i inted by rane & Gere ae f yE Fy 


, to the Queen’s. most Excellent Majesty. 


Her Majesty’s Stationery Office. _ ae “ep “a 


= [17800.—400.—7/94.] 


Pes 4 k ; A ~ 


NS 


ue) 


AON MEN J nan “* 


vary 


a n EERE, = x 


oe 
: i 
tes ie 
= ieee. S 
? 
epee Sears Eee f 
Pon ir aron ry pial a Fore Rog ses 2 
- s È. 
S AE = 
ok aoe 
= Sone H 
ee ; ie te 
6 TR 
ES RANE E 
a H 
E ; 
<I RIE 
4k 
bee 
E eee 
ay : 
PER 
= i 
Ea 
> A £ 
i 
= es 
(asad f 
~er ) ; 
E 
$ 
raced i i 
a S N { 
3 a 
= pe 2 
= ae 
Ez EoD 
Pad ; ; i J 
== Niwa +S 
— | i 
ra ; ip 
ede i 
* lee D $ 
: -8 
> a ie k 
pe t 
` 3 
my s 
SSS S : s r E i w: 
É Ri f 
g : 
p $ | 
A Sa A E 
hrm i 
A 
mre i Li : 
$ a x 4 fay 3 
SS eee T : = : Ñ | 
ao. : 
WT T 
Seis : 
Soros ogee ere = Geka 
a a aera ea ea eat f f 
Ere ey 
i T Ramee Ss 
Som i : 
Ss 
— . 4 a 
ps : i E 
t $ 
= z 5 
= is EN E 
= $ bo as 
= eg e io 8 
= 5 $ = 
= i g ok 4 
=a : =o 
È 35.7 
= ERS -E 
{ £ He 


petretten 


mrereserseny es 


2 2 i 
Ea Oey NES aT ET eT nN Poet 


PELARE A DVE 


creer 


IN 


AIDIAITEEE Y EEY ETTE E 


TNF PY 


marora 


ery eae 5 ar tn 


AOS Sie 


ie 


ad 
Sn EE 


ees 
SSS 


rere 


FNPF ORT LEP EERIE PIE 


Palate hurts gia 


en, 


; ce 


wy 


