title: The Buccaneer (part 1 of 6)
author: Richard Henry Dana Sr.
date: 1827
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsprosewritin00dana (Poems and Prose Writings, Boston: Russell, Odiorne, 1833; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 129
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Boy with thy blac herd,
I rede that thou blin,
And sone set the to shrive,
With sorrow of thi syn;
Ze met with the marchandes
And made tham ful bare;
It es gude reason and right
That ze evill misfare.
Laurence Minot.

The island lies nine leagues away.
Along its solitary shore.
Of craggy rock and sandy bay,
No sound but ocean's roar.
Save, where the bold, wild sea-bird makes her home,
Her shrill cry coming through the sparkling foam.
But when the light winds lie at rest.
And on the glassy, heaving sea,
The black duck, with her glossy breast,
Sits swinging silently;
How beautiful! no ripples break the reach,
And silvery waves go noiseless up the beach.

And inland rests the green, warm dell;
The brook comes tinkling down its side;
From out the trees the sabbath bell
Rings cheerful, far and wide,
Mingling its sound with bleatings of the flocks.
That feed about the vale among the rocks.
Nor holy bell, nor pastoral bleat
In former days within the vale;
Flapped in the bay the pirate's sheet;
Curses were on the gale;
Rich goods lay on the sand, and murdered men;
Pirate and wrecker kept their revels then.
But calm, low voices, words of grace,
Now slowly fall upon the ear;
A quiet look is in each face,
Subdued and holy fear:
Each motion gentle; all is kindly done —
Come, listen, how from crime this isle was won.

Twelve years are gone since Matthew Lee
Held in this isle unquestioned sway;
A dark, low, brawny man was he;
His law — '' It is my way/'
Beneath his thick-set brows a sharp light broke
From small grey eyes; his laugh a triumph spoke,

Cruel of heart, and strong of arm,
Loud in his sport, and keen for spoil,
He little recked of good or harm,
Fierce both in mirth and toil;
Yet like a dog could fawn, if need there were;
Speak mildly, when he would, or look in fear.

Amid the uproar of the storm,
And by the lightning's sharp, red glare.
Were seen Lee's face and sturdy form;
His axe glanced quick in air.
Whose corpse at morn is floating in the sedge.
There's blood and hair, Mat, on thy axe's ed^e.

"Nay, ask him yonder; let him tell;
I make the brute, not man, my mark.
Who walks these cliffs, needs heed him well!
Last night was fearful dark.
Think ye the lashing waves will spare or feel.
An ugly gash! — These rocks — they cut like steel."

He wiped his axe; and turning round,
Said with a cold and hardened smile,
^'The hemp is saved — the man is drowned.
Wilt let him float awhile?
Or give him Christian burial on the strand?
He '11 find his fellows peaceful 'neath the sand."

Lee's waste was greater than his gain.
'' I '11 try the merchant's trade," he thought,
'' Though less the toil to kill, than feign, —
Things sweeter robbed than bought.
But, then, to circumvent them at their arts!"
Ship manned, and spoils for cargo, Lee departs.

^T is fearful, on the broad-backed waves,
To feel them shake, and hear them roar:
Beneath, unsounded, dreadful caves;
Around, no cheerful shore.
Yet 'mid this solemn world what deeds are done!
The curse goes up, the deadly sea-fight's won; —
vni.
And wanton talk and laughter heard.
Where speaks God's deep and awful voice.
There's awe from that lone ocean bird:
Pray ye, when ye rejoice!
These fellows know full well whom they should fear!*'

The ship works hard; the seas run high;
Their white tops, flashing through the night,
Give to the eager, straining eye,
A wild and shifting light.
'' Hard at the pumps! — The leak is gaining fasti-
Lighten the ship! — ^The devil rode that blast! "

Ocean has swallowed for its food
Spoils thou didst gain in murderous glee;
Mat, could its waters wash out blood.
It had been well for thee.
Crime fits for crime. And no repentant tear
Hast thou for sin? — Then wait thine hour of fear.

The sea has like a plaything tossed
That heavy hull the livelong night.
The man of sin — he is not lost:
Soft breaks the morning light.
Torn spars and sails, — her cargo in the deep —
The ship makes port with slow and laboring sweep.

Within a Spanish port she rides.
Angry and soured, Lee walks her deck.
'^ Then peaceful trade a curse betides? —
And thou, good ship, a wreck!
Ill luck in change! — Ho! cheer ye up, my men!
Rigged, and at sea, we '11 to old work again! "

A sound is in the Pyrenees!
Whirling and dark, comes roaring down
A tide, as of a thousand seas.
Sweeping both cowl and crown.
On field and vineyard, thick and red it stood.
Spain's streets and palaces are wet with blood.—

And wrath and terror shake the land;
The peaks shine clear in watchfire lights;
Soon comes the tread of that stout band —
Bold Arthur and his knights.
Awake ye. Merlin! Hear the shout from Spain!
The spell is broke! — Arthur is come again! —

Too late for thee, thou young, fair bride;
The lips are cold, the brow is pale.
That thou didst kiss in love and pride;
He cannot hear thy wail.
Whom thou didst lull with fondly murmured sound:
His couch is cold and lonely in the ground.
