title: The Buccaneer (part 2 of 6)
author: Richard Henry Dana Sr.
date: 1827
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsprosewritin00dana (Poems and Prose Writings, Boston: Russell, Odiorne, 1833; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 127
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

He fell for Spain — her Spain no more;
For he was gone who made it dear;
And she would seek some distant shore.
At rest from strife and fear.
And wait amid her sorrows till the day
His voice of love should call her thence away.

Lee feigned him grieved, and bowed him low.
'Twould joy his heart could he but aid
So good a lady in her woe,
He meekly, smoothly said.
With wealth and servants she is soon aboard,
And that white steed she rode beside her lord.

The sun goes down upon the sea;
The shadows gather round her home.
'' How like a pall are ye to me!
My home, how like a tomb!
O! blow, ye flowers of Spain, above his head. —
Ye will not blow o'er me when I am dead."

And now the stars are burning bright;
Yet still she's looking toward the shore
Beyond the waters black in night.
"I ne'er shall see thee more!
Ye 're many, waves, yet lonely seems your flow;
And I 'm alone — scarce know I where I go."

Sleep, sleep, thou sad one, on the sea!
The wash of waters lulls thee now;
His arm no more will pillow thee.
Thy fingers on his brow.
He is not near, to hush thee, or to save.
The ground is his — the sea must be thy grave.

The moon comes up; the night goes on.
Why, in the shadow of the mast.
Stands that dark, thoughtful man alone?
Thy pledge, man; keep it fast!
Bethink thee of her youth and sorrows, Lee;
Helpless, alone — and, then, her trust in thee.

When told the hardships thou, hadst borne,
Her words to thee were like a charm.
With uncheered grief her heart is worn; —
Thou wilt not do her harm!
He looks out on the sea that sleeps in light,
And growls an oath — '' It is too still to-night! "

He sleeps; but dreams of massy gold.
And heaps of pearl. He stretched his hands.
He hears a voice — '' 111 man, withhold! "
A pale one near him stands.
Her breath comes deathly cold upon his cheek;
Her touch is cold. — He wakes with piercing shriek.

He wakes; but no relentings wake
Within his angry, restless soul.
"What, shall a dream Mat's purpose shake?
The gold will make all whole.
Thy merchant trade had nigh unmanned thee, lad?
What, balk my chance because a woman's sad?'*

He cannot look on her mild eye;
Her patient words his spirit quell.
Within that evil heart there lie
The hates and fears of hell.
His speech is short; he wears a surly brow.
There's none will hear her shriek. What fear ye now I

The workings of the soul ye fear;
Te fear the power that goodness hath;
Ye fear the Unseen One, ever near,
Walking his ocean path.
From out the silent void there comes a cry —
^ Vengeance is mine! Thou, murderer, too shalt die!"

Not dread of ever-during woe,
Nor the sea's awful solitude,
Can make thee, wretch, thy crime forego
Then, bloody hand, — to blood!
The scud is driving wildly over head;
The stars burn dim; the ocean moans its dead,

Moan for the living; moan our sins, —
The wrath of man, more fierce than thine.
Hark! s(ill thy waves! — The work begins —
Lee makes the deadly sign.
The crew glide down like shadows. Eye and hand
Speak fearful meanings through that silent band.

They 're gone. — The helmsman stands alone;
And one leans idly o'er the bow.
Still as a tomb the ship keeps on;
Nor sound nor stirring now.
Hush, hark! as from the centre of the deep —
Shrieks — fiendish y ells! They stab them in their sleep!

The scream of rage, the groan, the strife,
The blow, the gasp, the horrid cry,
The panting, throttled prayer for life.
The dying's heaving sigh,
The murderer's curse, the dead man's fixed, still glare.
And fear's and death's cold sweat — they all are there!

On pale, dead men, on burning cheek.
On quick, fierce eyes, brows hot and damp,
On hands that with the warm blood reek,
Shines the dim cabin lamp.
Lee looked. '^ They sleep so sound," ha, laughing,
said,
'' They '11 scarcely wake for mistress or for maid."

A crash! They 've forced the door, — and then
One long, long, shrill, and pierciag scream
Comes thrilling through the growl of men.
'Tis hers! — O God, redeem
From worse than death thy suffering*, helpless child I
That dreadful shriek again — sharp, sharp, and wild!

It ceased. — With speed o' th' lightning's flash,
A loose-robed form, with streaming hair,
Shoots by. — A leap — a quick, short splash!
'T is gone! — There's nothing there!
The waves have swept away the bubbling tide.
Bright-crested waves, how calmly on they ridel

She's sleeping in her silent cave,
Nor hears the stern, loud roar above,
Nor strife of man on land or wave.
Young thing! her home of love
She soon has reached! — Fair, unpolluted thing!
They harmed her not! — Was dying suffering?

O, no! — To live when joy was dead;
To go with one, lone, pining thought —
To mournful love her being wed —
Feeling what death had wrought;
To live the child of woe, yet shed no tear,
Bear kindness, and yet share no joy nor fear;

To look on man, and deem it strange
That he on things of earth should brood,
When all its thronged and busy range
To her was solitude —
O this was bitterness! Death came and pressed
Her wearied lids, and brought her sick heart rest.
