title: The Buccaneer (part 3 of 6)
author: Richard Henry Dana Sr.
date: 1827
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsprosewritin00dana (Poems and Prose Writings, Boston: Russell, Odiorne, 1833; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 125
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Why look ye on each other so,
And speak no word? — Ay, shake the head?
She's gone where ye can never go.
What fear ye from the dead?
They tell no tales; and ye are all true men;
But wash away that blood; then, home again! —

'T is on your souls; it will not out!
Lee, why so lost? 'T is not like thee!
Come, where thy revel, oath, and shout?
"That pale one in the sea! —
I mind not blood. — But she — I cannot tell!
A spirit was 't? — it flashed like fires of hell! —

'' And when it passed there was no tread!
It leapt the deck. — Who heard the sound?
I heard none! — Say, what was it fled? —
Poor girl! — And is she drowned? —
Went down these depths? How dark they look, and cold!
She's yonder! stop her! — Now! — there! — hold her,
hold!"

They gazed upon his ghastly face.
'' What ails thee, Lee; and why that glare? "
'' Look! ha, 't is gone, and not a trace!
No, no, she was not there! —
Who of you said ye heaid her when she fell?
'Twas strange! — 1 '11 not be fooled! — Will no one tell?' '

He paused. And soon the wildness past.
Then came the tingling flush of shame.
Remorse and fear are gone as fast.
'' The silly thing's to blame
To quit us so. 'T is plain she loved us not;
Or she 'd have stayed awhile, and shared my cot."

And then the ribald laughed. The jest,
Though old and foul, loud laughter drew;
And fouler yet came from the rest
Of that infernal crew.
Note, heaven, their blasphemy, their broken trust!
Lust panders murder — murder panders lust!

Now slowly up they bring the dead
From out that silent, dim-lit room.
No prayer at their quick burial said;
No friend to weep their doom.
The hungry waves have seized them one by one;
And, swallowing down their prey, go roaring on.

Cries Lee, '' We must not be betrayed.
'Tis but to add another corse!
Strange words, 't is said, an ass once brayed:
I '11 never trust a horse!
Out! throw him on the waves alive! He'll swim;
For once a horse shall ride; we all ride him."

Such sound to mortal ear ne'er came
As rang far o'er the waters wide.
It shook with fear the stoutest frame:
The horse is on the tide!
As the waves leave, or lift him up, his cry
Comes lower now, and now 't is near and high.

And through the swifl wave's yesty crowa
His scared eyes shoot a fiendish light,
And fear seems wrath. He now sinks down.
Now heaves again to sight.
Then drifts away; and through the night they hear
Far off that dreadful cry. — But morn is near.

. O, had'st thou known what deeds were done,
When thou wast shining far away,
Would'st thou let fall, calm-coming sun.
Thy warm and silent ray?
The good are in their graves; thou canst not cheer
Their dark, cold mansions: Sin alone is here.

'^ The deed's complete! The gold is ours!
There, wash away that bloody stain!
Pray who 'd refuse what fortune showers.
Now, lads, we '11 lot our gain.
Must fairly share, you know, what's fairly got?
A truly good night's work! Who says 'twas not?"

There's song, and oath, and gaming deep,
Hot words, and laughter, mad carouse;
There's nought of prayer, and little sleep;
The devil keeps the house!
part! —
''The fewer heirs the richer, man!
Hold forth thy palm, and keep thy prate!
Our life, we read, is but a span.
What matters, soon or late? "
And when on shore, and asked. Did many die?
" Nearhalf my crew, poor lads! " he 'd say, and sigh.

Within our bay, one stormy night.
The isle-men saw boats make for shore
With here and there a dancing light,
That flashed on man and oar.
When hailed, the rowing stopt, and all was dark.
'' Ha! lantern-work! — We '11 home! They Ve playing shark!"

Next day, at noon-time, toward the town,,
All stared and wondered much to see.
Mat and his men come strolling down.
The boys shout, '' Here comes Lee! "
Our ship by chance took fire." — They learnt no more.

He and his crew were flush of gold.
'' You did not lose your cargo, then? "
'^ Learn where all's fairly bought and sold,
Heaven prospers those true men.
Forsake your evil ways, as we forsook
Our ways of sin, and honest courses took!

'* Wouldst see my log-book? Fairly writ,
With pen of steel, and ink of blood!
How lightly doth the conscience sit!
Learn, truth's the only good."
And thus, with flout, and cold and impious jeer
He fled repentance, if he 'scaped not fear.

Remorse and fear he drowns in drink.
'^Come, pass the bowl, my jolly crew!
It thicks the blood to mope and think.
Here's merry days, though few! "
And then he quafls. — So riot reigns within;
So brawl and laughter shake that house of sin.

Mat lords it now throughout the isle.
His hand falls heavier than 'before.
All dread alike his frown or smile.
None come within his door,
Save those who dipped their hands inblood with him;
Save those who laughed to see the white horse swim

'' To night's our anniversary;
And, mind me, lads, we '11 have it kept
With royal state and special glee!
Better with those who slept
Their sleep that night, had he be now, who slinks!
And health and wealth to him who bravely drinks! ''
