title: The Buccaneer (part 4 of 6)
author: Richard Henry Dana Sr.
date: 1827
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsprosewritin00dana (Poems and Prose Writings, Boston: Russell, Odiorne, 1833; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 126
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

The words they speak, we may not speak.
The tales they tell, we may not tell.
Mere mortal man, forbear to seek
The secrets of that hell!
Their shouts grow loud: — 'T is near mid-hour of night:
What means upon the waters that red light.'*

Not bigger than a star it seems:
And, now, 't is like the bloody moon:
And, now, it shoots in hairy streams
Its light! — 'T will reach us soon!
A ship! and all on fire! — hull, yards, and mast!
Her sheets are sheets of flame! — She'snearing fast!

And now she rides, upright and stilly
Shedding a wild and lurid light
Around the cove, on inland hill, •
Waking the gloom of night.
All breathes of terror! men, in dumb amaze
Gaze on each other 'neath the horrid blaze.

It scares the sea-birds from their nests;
They dart and wheel with deaPning screams;
Now dark, — and now their wings and breasts
Flash back disastrous gleams.
O, sin, what hast thou done on this fair earth?
The world, O man, is wailing o'er thy birth.

And what comes up above the wave.
So ghastly white? — A spectral head! —
A horse's head! — (May heaven save
Those looking on the dead, —
The waking dead!) There, on the sea, he stands —
The Spectre-Horse! — He moves; he gains the sands!

Onward he speeds. His ghostly sides
Are streaming with a cold, blue light.
Heaven keep the wits of him who rides
The spectre-horse to-night!
His path is shining like a swift ship's wake;
Before Lee's door he gleams like day's gray break.

The revel now is high within;
It breaks upon the midnight air.
They little think, mid mirth and din,
What spirit waits them there.
As if the sky became a voice, there spread
A sound to appal the living, stir the dead.

The spirit-steed sent up the neigh.
It seemed the living trump of hell,
Sounding to call the damned away.
To join the host that fell.
It rang along the vaulted sky: the shore
Jarred hard, as when the thronging surges roar.

It rang in ears that knew the sound;
And hot, flushed cheeks are blanched with fear.
And why does Lee look wildly round.'
Thinks he the drowned horse near?
He drops his cup — his lips are stiff* with fright.
Nay, sit thee down! It is thy banquet night.

'' I cannot sit. I needs must go:
The spell is on my spirit now.
I go to dread — I go to woe! '
O, who so weak as thou.
Strong man! — His hoofs upon the door-stone, see.
The shadow stands! — His eyes are on thee, Lee! —

Thy hair pricks up! — '' O, I must bear
His damp, cold breath! It chills my frame!
His eyes — their near and dreadful glare
Speak that I must not name! '
Thou 'rt mad to mount that horse! — *'A power within,
I must obey — cries, ' Mount thee, man of sin!' "

He's now upon the spectre's back,
With rein of silk, and curb of gold.
'Tis fearful speed! — the rein is slack
Within his senseless hold;
Upborne by an unseen power, he onward rides,
Yet touches not the shadow-beast he strides.

He goes with speed; he goes with dread!
And now they 're on the hanging steep!
And, now! the living and the dead,
They '11 make the horrid leap!
The horse stops short: — his feet are on the verge.
He stands, like marble, high above the surge.

And, nigh, the tall ship yet burns on,
With red, hpt spars and crackling flame.
From hull to gallant, nothing's gone.
She burns, and yet's the same!
Her hot, red flame is beating, all the night,
On man and horse, in their cold, phosphor light.

Through that cold light the fearful man
Sits looking on the burning ship.
He ne'er again will curse and ban.
How fast he moves the lip!
And yet he does not speak, or make a sound!
What see you, Lee.'' the bodies of the drowned?

'' I look, where mortal man may not —
Into the chambers of the deep.
I see the dead, long, long forgot;
I see them in their sleep.
A dreadful power is mine, which none can know,
Save he who leagues his soul with death and woe."

Thou mild, sad mother — waning moon,
Thy last, low, melancholy ray
Shines towards him. — Quit him not so soon!
Mother, in mercy, stay!
Despair and death are with him; and canst thou.
With that kind, earthward look, go leave him now.'

O, thou wast born for things of love;
Making more lovely in thy shine
Whate'er thou look'st on. Hosts above,
In that soft light of thine.
Burn softer: — earth, in silvery veil, seems heaven.
Thou'rt going down! — hast left him unforgiven!

The far, low west is bright no more.
How still it is! No sound is heard
At sea, or all along the shore.
But cry of passing bird.
Thou living thing, — and dar'st thou come so near
These wild and ghastly shapes of death and fear?

Now long that thick, red light has shone
On stern, dark rocks, and deep, still bay.
On man and horse that seem of stone.
So motionless are they.
But now its lurid fire less fiercely burns:
The night is going — faint, gray dawn returns.

That spectre-steed now slowly pales;
Now changes like the moonlit cloud;
That cold, thin light, now slowly fails.
Which wrapt them like a shroud.
Both ship and horse are fading into air. —
Lost, mazed, alone, see, Lee is standing there!
