title: The Buccaneer (part 5 of 6)
author: Richard Henry Dana Sr.
date: 1827
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsprosewritin00dana (Poems and Prose Writings, Boston: Russell, Odiorne, 1833; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 132
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

The morning air blows fresh on him;
The waves dance gladly in his sight;
The sea-birds call, and wheel and skim —
O, blessed morning light!
He doth not hear their joyous call; he sees
No beauty in the wave; nor feels the breeze.

For he's accursed from all that's good;
He ne'er must know its healing power.
The sinner on his sins must brood,
And wait, alone, his hour.
A stranger to earth's beauty — human love.
There's here no rest for him, no hope above!

The hot sun beats upon his head.
He stands beneath its broad, fierce blaze,
As stiff and cold as one that's dead:
A troubled, dreamy maze
Of some unearthly horror, all he knows —
Of some wild horror past, and coming woes.

The gull has found her place on shore;
The sun gone down again to rest;
And all is still but ocean's roar:
There stands the man unblest.
But, see, he moves — he turns, as asking where
His mates I — Why looks he with that piteous stare?

Go, get thee home, and end thy mirth!
Go, call the revellers again!
They're fled the isle; and o'er the earth
Are wanderers, like Cain.
As he his door-stone past, the air blew chill.
The wine is on the board; Lee, take thy fill!

"There 's none to meet me, none to cheer:
The seats are empty — lights burnt out;
And I alone, must sit me here:
Would I could hear their shout! "
He ne'er shall hear it more — more taste his wine!
Silent he sits within the still moonshine.

Day came again; and up he rose,
A weary man from his lone board;
Nor merry feast, nor sweet repose
Did that long night afford.
No shadowy-coming night, to bring him rest —
No dawn, to chase the darkness of his breast!

He walks within the day's full glare
A darkened man. Where'er he comes,
All shun him. Children peep and stare;
Then, frightened, seek their homes.
Through all the crowd a thrilling horror ran.
They point and say — '' There goes the wicked man!"

He turns, and curses in his wrath
Both man and child; then hastes away
Shoreward, or takes some gloomy path;
But there he cannot stay:
Terror and madness drive him back to men;
His hate of man to solitude again.

Time passes on, and he grows bold —
His eye is fierce, his oaths are loud;
None dare from Lee the hand withhold;
He rules and scoffs the crowd.
But still at heart there lies a secret fear;
For now the year's dread round is drawing near.

He swears, but he is sick at heart;
He laughs*, but he turns deadly pale;
His restless eye and sudden start —
These tell the dreadful tale
That will be told: it needs no words from thee,
Thou self-sold slave to fear and misery.

Bond-slave of sin, see there — that light!
"Ha! take me — take me from its blaze ! "
Nay, thou must ride the steed to-night!
But other weary days
And nights must shine and darken o'er thy head.
Ere thou shalt go with him to meet the dead.

Again the ship lights all the land;
Again Lee strides the spectre-beast;
Again upon the cliff they stand.
This once he '11 be released! —
Gone horse and ship; but Lee's last hope is o'er;
Nor laugh, nor scoff, nor rage, can help him more.

His spirit heard that spirit say,
"Listen! — I twice have come to thee.
Once more — and then a dreadful way!
And thou must go with me!"
Ay, cling to earth as sailor to the rock!
Sea-swept, sucked down in the tremendous shock,

He goes! — So thou must loose thy hold,
And go with Death; nor breathe the balm
Of early air, nor light behold,
Nor sit thee in the calm
Of gentle thoughts, where good men wait their close.
In life, or death, where look'st thou for repose?

Who's sitting on that long, black ledge,
Which makes so far out in the sea.
Feeling the kelp-weed on its edge?
Poor, idle Matthew Lee!
So weak and pale? A year and little more,
And bravely did he lord it round this shore!

And on the shingles now he sits,
And rolls the pebbles 'neath his hands;
Now walks the beach; then stops by fits,
And scores the smooth, wet sands;
Then tries each cliff, and cove, and jut, that bounds
The isle; then home from many weary rounds.

They ask him why he wanders so.
From day to day, the uneven strand?
'' I wish, I wish that I might go!
But I would go by land;
And there ^s no way that I can find — I 've tried
All day and night! '* — He seaward looked and sighed.

It brought the tear to many an eye,
That, once, his eye had made to quail.
'' Lee, go with us; our sloop is nigh;
Come! help us hoist her sail."
He shook. — '' You know the spirit-horse I ride I
He '11 let me on the sea with none beside! '

He views the ships that come and go.
Looking so like to living things.
O! 'tis a proud and gallant show
Of bright and broad-spread wings.
Making it light around them, as they keep
Their course right onward through the unsounded deep,

And where the far-off sand-bars lift
Their backs in long and narrow line.
The breakers shout, and leap, and shift,
And send the sparkling brine
Into the air; then rush to mimic strife: —
Glad creatures of the sea, and full of life! —

But not to Lee. He sits alone;
No fellowship nor joy for him.
Borne down by woe, he makes no moan,
Though tears will sometimes dim
That asking eye. — O, how his worn thoughts crave —
Not joy again, but rest within the grave.
