title: The Buccaneer (part 6 of 6)
author: Richard Henry Dana Sr.
date: 1827
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsprosewritin00dana (Poems and Prose Writings, Boston: Russell, Odiorne, 1833; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 109
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

The rocks are dripping in the mist
That hes so heavy off the shore;
Scarce seen the running breakers; — list
Their dull and smothered roar!
Lee hearkens to their voice. — ''I hear, I hear
You call. — Not yet! — I know my time is near! "

And now the mist seems taking shape.
Forming a dim, gigantic ghost, —
Enormous thing! — There's no escape;
'Tis close upon the coast.
Lee kneels, but cannot pray. — Why mock him so?
The ship has cleared the fog, Lee, see her go!
A sweet, low voice, in starry nights.
Chants to his ear a plaining song;
Its tones come winding up the heights,
Telling of woe and wrong;
And he must listen till the stars grow dim,
The song that gentle voice doth sing to him.

O, it is sad that aught so mild
Should bind the soul with bands of fear;
That strains to soothe a little child.
The man should dread to hear!
But sin hath broke the world's sweet peace — unstrung
The harmonious chords to which the angels sung.

In thick, dark nights he 'd take his seat
High up the cliffs, and feel them shake,
As swung the sea with heavy beat
Below — and hear it break
With savage roar, then pause and gather strength,
And then, come tumbling in its swollen length.

But he no more shall haunt the beach,
Nor sit upon the tall cliff's crown.
Nor go the round of all that reach.
Nor feebly sit him down.
Watching the swaying weeds: — another day,
And he '11 have gone far hence that dreadful way.

To night the charmed number's told.
"Twice have I come for thee," It said.
''Once more, and none shall thee behold.
Come! live one, to the dead! " —
So hears his soul, and fears the coming night;
Yet sick and weary of the soft, calm light.

Again he sits within that room;
All day he leans at that still board;
None to bring comfort to his gloom,
Or speak a friendly word.
Weakened with fear, lone, haunted by remorse.
Poor, shattered wretch, there waits he that pale horse.

Not long he waits. Where now are gone
Peak, citadel, and tower, that stood
Beautiful, while the west sun shone,
And bathed them in his flood
Of airy glory? — Sudden darkness fell;
And down they went, peak, tower, citadel.
The darkness, like a dome of stone,
Ceils up the heavens. — 'T is hush as death -
All but the ocean's dull, low moan.
How hard Lee draws his breath!
He shudders as he feels the working Power.
Arouse thee, Lee! up! man thee for thine hour!

' Tis close at hand; for there, once more,
The burning ship. Wide sheets of flame
And shafted fire she showed before; —
Twice thus she hither came; —
But now she rolls a naked hulk, and throws
A wasting light; then, settling, down she goes.

And where she sank, up slowly came
The Spectre-Horse from out the sea.
And there he stands! His pale sides flame.
He '11 meet thee shortly, Lee.
He treads the waters as a solid floor:
He's moving on. Lee waits him at the door.

They 're met. — '' I know thou com'st for me,"
Lee's spirit to the spectre said;
'' I know that I must go with thee —
Take me not to the dead.
It was not I alone that did the deed! "
Dreadful the eye of that still, spectral steed!

Lee cannot turn. There is a force
In that fixed eye, which holds him fast.
How still they stand! — the man and horse.
'' Thine hour is almost past."
'* O, spare me," cries the wretch, '^ thou fearful One! "
"My time is full — I must not go alone."
cxy.
'^ I 'm weak and faint. O, let me stay! "
'^ Nay, murderer, rest nor stay for thee! "
The horse and man are on their way;
He bears him to the sea.
Hark! how the spectre breathes through this still night!
See, from his nostrils streams a deathly light!

He's on the beach; but stops not there;
He's on the sea! — that dreadful horse I
Lee flings and writhes in wild despair! —
In vain! The spirit-corse
Holds him by fearful spell; — he cannot leap.
Within that horrid light he rides the deep.

It lights the sea around their track —
The curling comb, and dark steel wave:
There, yet, sits Lee the Spectre's back —
Gone 1 gone! and none to save!
They 're seen no more; the night has shut them in.
May heaven have pity on thee, man of sin!

The earth has washed away its stain;
The sealed up sky is breaking forth,
Mustering its glorious hosts again,
From the far south and north;
The climbing moon plays on the rippling sea.
— O, whither on its waters rideth Lee?
