title: Factitious Life (part 1 of 6)
author: Richard Henry Dana Sr.
date: c. 1825-1833
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsprosewritin00dana (Poems and Prose Writings, Boston: Russell, Odiorne, 1833; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 131
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

The world is too much with us; late or soon,
Getting and spending, we lay waste our powers:
Little we see in Nature that is ours;
We have given our hearts away, a sordid boon.
Wordsworth.
But if his word once teach us — shoot a ray
Through all the heart's dark chambers, and reveal
Truths undiscerned but by that holy light,
Then all is plain. Philosophy, baptized
In the pure fountain of eternal love,
Has eyes, indeed. Cowper.
The severe schooles shall never laugh me out of the philosophy of Hermes,
that this visible world is but a picture of the invisible, wherein, as in a pour-
tract, things are not truly, but in equivocal shapes, and as they counterfeit
some more real substance in that invisible Fabrick.
Sir Thomas Browne*

Scarce two score years are gone since life began,
Yet many changes have I seen in man.
But when I 'm seated in my easy chair,
(My '' stede of bras " ) and up through viewless air,
Go flying on by generations back,
O, then, what changes pass I in my track!

"Cambuscan bold " might course o'er many a clime.
I in a moment compass earth and time,
Seeing what is and hath been; and I view
Much very old, that some think very new.
The grandam to the modern belle complains,
You 've stole my waist. May you endure its pains —
Steel and the cord! — In his fine dandy son
The ghost of Squaretoes sees himself outdone.
''Pull off my boots," he cries, with crazy Lear;
And squaretoed boots and Squaretoes disappear, —
— Fie, scant-robed ghost, to thus cut roundabout
That modest miss, and so play 'Cobbler Stout.'
O, take no more than is thy own — the {rain;
Shame to pure eyes!— the rest give back again.
If on such errands you come back to earth.
You '11 leave us all as naked as at birth.
Wife, Virgin, mother, see them, there they walk!
Dress as they may, good Sir, you must not talk.
For learn, in times like these you 're not to say
What others do, though done in open day.
Our language, not our conduct, marks the mind.
Let that be pure, and this must be refined.
Ophelia's words would shock a modern belle.
— Prince Hamlet, had Ophelia's robe that swell.
Did the wind sway it thus? the janty tread?
What said Laertes at his parting, maid?
' The chariest maid is prodigal enough,
If she unmask her beauties to' —
O, stuff!
Have you no other subject for your song,
Than whether we go drest too short or long?
If such the theme on which you mean to prose,
Excuse me, while you lecture, if I doze.
Nay, I am done! and rest on this as true; —
Though Fashion's absolute, she's fickle too.
E'en while I write, a transformation strange
Is going on, and shows that all is change.
And by the time these lines shall be in press,
They'll need a learned note, in prose, on dress.
Not dress alone; opinions have their day;
That is deposed, and this awhile bears sway;
That mounts the throne in glistering robes once more:
They who adored, then scorned, again adore.
To scorn again: — in one thing constant still —
Themselves ne'er wrong, whoe'er the throne may fill.
Be it opinion, notion, fancy, whim —
E'en what you will — 't is all the same to him —
The grave philosopher; he wheels about
His system to the crowd; then wheels it out.
And shoves another in; as at a show
Trees, houses, castles, towns move to and fro;
Ransacks the lumber-room of ancient time,
The older, better, best in farthest clime;
For farthest off less likely to be known
The learned theft: — the thing is all his own!

Old furniture, new varnished and new named.
Serves all his ends; the charlatan is famed.
O, simple world, well gulled! he cries, with glee;
Blest ' second-hand originality! '
From Asia, Africa, from Greece behold
Rise from their antique tombs the sages old.
This modern son of light descries, with dread,
Their shadowy forms: They come, the mighty dead!
For pardon, wronged ones, at your feet I fall.
I own the theft; but strip me not of all!
Leave me my name, at least, if nothing more;
Save one from general scorn, whom men adore.
The name, dishonored, keep, they with a frown
Reply; then turn, and to their graves go down.
Although upon the shore of time we stand,
And watch the ebb and flood along the strand;
Although what is, has been, we yet may trace
A silent change upon the world's wide face.
'Mid renovated philosophic schemes.
And arts restored or lost, plans, fashions, dreams,
That idly eddying, jostle side by side,
Down through them all there runs a steady tide
Of subtile alteration, scarce perceived;
As age, of hope and youthful warmth bereaved,
But faintly notes a change so soft and slow:
So gently dropped the leaves that lie below.
But bring the extremes together; let them greet —
The elastic boj, and man on tottering feet.
We ask amazed. Can these indeed be one?
Yes, even so; we see what Time has done, —
That cunning craftsman, he that works alway,
Makes and unmakes, nor stops for night nor day, —
(For they his bond-men are) rules while he toils,
And laughs to think what purposes he foils
In vain, fore-casting man — that fool or knave
(All but the truly wise) he holds a slave.
Thou universal Worker, thou hast wrought
Vast changes in the world of heart and thought.
Once flowed the stream of feeling, like a brook,
In natural windings; now we feel by book.
And once, as joy or sorrow moved the man,
He laughed or wept, unguided by a plan
Of outward port; for in his riper years
The boy still lived; and anger, love, and fears
Spoke out in action vehement: 'Twas strength.
Strong heart, strong thought; thought, feeling ran their length
In a wild grandeur, or they passive lay.
Like waters circled in a wooded bay.
That take from some slow cloud the quivering lights
Thrown from its snowy rifts and glittering heights.
Yes, free and ever varying played the heart;
Great Nature schooled it; life was not an art.
And as the bosom heaved, so wrought the mind;
The thought put forth in act; and unconfined,
