title: Factitious Life (part 2 of 6)
author: Richard Henry Dana Sr.
date: c. 1825-1833
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsprosewritin00dana (Poems and Prose Writings, Boston: Russell, Odiorne, 1833; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 147
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

The whole man lived his feelings. Time shall say
If man's the same in this our latter day?
The same! I scarcely know my work! For when
I take my rounds among the throngs of men,
E'en he who almost rivals me in years,
Apes youth so well; his head of hair appears
So full and fresh, I fain would hide my pate,
Rub out old scores, and start with a new date.
The youth enacts the sage, contemns the dead.
Lauds his own times, and cries, Go up, bald head!
Misses and little masters read at school
Abridged accounts of governments and rule;
Word-wise, and knowing all things, nothing know;
They 'd reap the harvest, e'er the ground they sow.
The world's reversed; boy politicians spout;
And age courts youth, lest youth should turn him out.
The child is grown as cautious as three score;
Admits, on proof, that two and two are four.
He to no aimless energies gives way;
No little fairy visions round him play;
He builds no towering castles in the sky,
Longing to climb, his bosom beating high;
Is told that fancy leads but to destroy;
You have five senses; follow them, my boy!
If feeling wakes, his parents' fears are such,
They cry, Don 't, dearest, you will feel too much.
Does Time speak truth? I think so. Let us take
A single passion, for example's sake.
They talk of love, or rather, once they did.
When I was young: I'm told 'tis now forbid;
That love, with ghosts, is banished clean away.
And heads well crammed, the system of the day;
That should you beg a maid her ear incline
To your true love, she bids you love define;
Then talks of Dugald Stewart and of Brown,
And with philosophy quite puts you down;
On mood synthetical, analysis,
Descants awhile. — Most metaphysic Miss!
Who'd win thee, must not like a lover look,
But grave philosopher, and woo by book.
Gaze on her face, and swear her eyes are stars; —
She talks of Venus, Jupiter and Mars.
Speak of the moon; — its phases and eclipse
How caused, you hear from learned and ruby lips.
Vow you will pour your heart out like a flood; —
She treats on venous and arterial blood;
Drives you half mad, then talks of motive nerve.
And nerves of sense, how they their purpose serve,
And how expression to the face impart.
How all important to the painter's art.
Then wonders that our eyes had seen so well
Before we read about their nerves in Bell;
Thus, for love's mazes, leads you round about
Through arts and sciences, an endless route.

O, no, it was not so when I was young;
No maiden answered love in such a tongue,
Or cared for planets in conjunction brought;
With her, 'twas heart with hand, and thought to thought.
She tell what blood her veins and arteries fill!
Enough for her to feel its burning thrill.
She gaze upon the moon, as if she took
An observation! Love was in her look
All gentle as the moon. Herself perplex
With light original, or light reflex!
Enough for her, '' By thy pale beam," to say,
'' Alone and pensive, I delight to stray;
And watch thy shadow trembling in the stream." * —
O, maid, thrice lovelier than thy lovely dream!
And is the race extinct } Or where is hid
She, with the blushing cheek and downcast lid,
Tremblingly delicate, and like the deer.
Gracefully shy, and beautiful in fear? —
Who wept with good La Roche, heard Harley tell
His secret love, then bid to life farewell? —
Dreamed of Venoni's cottage in the vale.
And of Sir Edward senseless, bleeding, pale?
Here guard thy heart; nor let the poison creep
Through the soul's languor, like delicious sleep.
Wake ere its rancour eats into the core:
His is not love; 'tis appetite — no more, —
A finer appetite, like love so dressed.
Thou 'd'st be its victim, pitied and distressed;
Than smiles or innocence would'st hold more dear
A wooing sadness, soft, repentant tear: —
Tears, and dark falling locks, and snowy arm —
In aught so beautiful can there be harm?
Ah! shun Sir Edward, maiden, for thy life;
Nor, once his mistress, think to be his wife;
Or, doomed for all thy days, if wife in name.
To live thy own, thy child's, thy husband's shame,
Be taunt's, suspicion's slave; nor dare to raise
Thine eye,though wronged, nor hope a husband's praise.
There's reverence in true love; it dreads, abhors
The tainted heart; it sues, protects, adores.
Then win thee reverence, if that thou would'st win
True love: — it holds no fellowship with sin.
But why complain romantic love is dead,
If to uncertain paths it wooes, to lead
The innocent half doubting, yet half won.
Through softening twilight — mingled shade and sun
While slowly steal the lights away, and creep
The shadows by, till on the fearful steep
She stands awhile at pause; then looks below;
Then leaps; — the closing waves above her flow,.
And down she sinks forever?
Very true.
Are these the only dangers in your view? —
Or would you lay fair flowering nature bare
Because, forsooth, you fear a canker there?
If love may lure romantic minds astray,
Will shruder heads point out a surer way?

-—To live alone, cries one, how dull a life!
I think I'll marry; and straight takes a wife.
Soon tired of home, and finding life still dull..
He joins his club, keeps horses and a trull;
Of jokes on loving husbands cracks a score,
And coarse as heartless, votes a wife a bore.
The widow-wife secures, her loss to mend,
A kinder husband, in her husb and' s /Wend;
Or, unrestrained by love, yet held by vows.
Though scarce more fond, less faithless than her spouse.
One weds with age; and should she keep her truth.
As once she sighed for wealth, now sighs for youth;
Looks on its mantling cheek, and brown crisp hair,
Then turns to age and wrinkles, in despair: —
Her husband's harlot, feigns love's playful wiles,
So deals her bargained coaxings, and her smiles
The dotard dreams she loves: — thus acts her part,
And robbed the joys of sin, still sins in heart.
But here a youthful pair! What think you now r
The friends agreed, — say, shall they take the vow?
Connexions quite respectable all round;
With ample property, and titles sound.
Most certainly an eligible match,
Estates so fit, like patch well set to patch.
'T is strange none thought of it before!
My friend,
How fit their minds? And do their feelings blend?
Why, as to these I 've not as yet inquired.
What more than I have said can be desired?
They '11 learn to like each other by and by.
'T is not my business into hearts to pry
After such whims. Besides, what them contents,
Contents me too. — Come, let us sum their rents.
Houses in town — say, ten — •
Nay, join their hands.
Boggle at hearts! We ne'er should join their lands!
