title: Factitious Life (part 3 of 6)
author: Richard Henry Dana Sr.
date: c. 1825-1833
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsprosewritin00dana (Poems and Prose Writings, Boston: Russell, Odiorne, 1833; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 125
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

What matters it, if rough and sharp below?
Custom and art will make the surface show
Smooth to the world on this McAdam way
To wedded life; we '11 have no more delay,
Butjoin them straight. — The pair have made a trade —
Contract in lands and stocks 'twixt man and maid:
Partners for life; club chances — weal or woe.
Hangout the sign! There, read! — A. B. & Co.!
And do unsightly weeds choke up the gush
Of early hearts? Are all the feelings hush
And lifeless now, that would have sent their sound
In unison, where young hearts throb and bound?
Tear up the weeds and let the soul have play;
Open its sunless fountains to the day;
Let them flow freely out; they'll make thy wealth.
Bathe thy whole being in these streams of health,

And feel new vigor in thy frame! — A boy! —
And weigh thy pelf with love! — against a joy
That lifts the mind and speaks it noble — gives
Beauty ethereal, in which it lives
A life celestial here, on earth — e'en here!
What canst thou give for this, and call it dear?
O, it is past all count! Pray, throw thou by
Thy tables; trust thy heart; thy tables lie.
Let not thy fresh soul wither in its spring.
Water its tender shoots, and they shall bring
Shelter to age: Thou 'It sit and think how blest
Have been thy days, thank God, and take thy rest.
Sell not thy heart for gold, then, or for lands,
^Tis richer far than all Pactolus' sands.
And where on earth would run the stream to lave
The curse away, and thy starved soul to save?
But all are reasoners; father, mother, child;
And every passion's numbered, labeled, filed.
And taken down, discussed, and read upon.
We read, last night, mama, through chapter one.
And left the second in the midst. Shall we
Go through with that?
The second? Let me see! —
The second treats of Grief — Read, child!
Fourth head
Concerning grief, is sorrow for the dead.
Know, happiness is duty. Then, be wise,
You 're not to grieve though one you care for dies.
Have many friends, and then you '11 scarcely know
When one departs, and save a world of woe.
Nor do we now retire to mourn; we live
Only in taking pleasure, or to give.
Is sorrow, sin then, mother?
'Tis a waste. —
Sin I child. How vulgar! mind me; say, bad taste.
But what is pleasure? Men have said of old,
'T is found in neither luxury, nor gold.
Nor fashion, nor the throng; but there is true
Where minds are calm, and friends are dear and few;
That life's swift whirl wears out our finer sense.
Sucks down the good, and gives out nothing thence
But a tost wreck, which, once the comely frame
Of some true joy, saves nothing but the name.
And drifts a shattered thing, upon the shore,
Where lie the unsightly wrecks of thousands more.
To flee from sorrow and alone to keep
The eye on happiness, leaves nothing deep
E'en in our joys. To put aside in haste
The cup of grief, makes vapid to the taste
The cup of pleasure. Think not, then, to spare
Thyself all sorrow, yet in joy to share.
Take up that many-stringed harp, and thrum.
On one dull chord, with one dull, heavy thumb.
Now thrill the fibres of thy soul? or flow
In sounds of varying measure, swift or slow,

The full rich harmonies? — Nay, listen on!
Thy soul has myriad strings where this has one.
— Wearied so soon? — Then take it up and play
On all its strings, but let its notes be gay.
— Wearied again? and glad to throw it by?
Yes, tired, in faith; I long to hear it sigh:
I 'm worn with very glee. O, let me give
One note to touch my heart, and feel it live! "
And thus the soul is framed; that if, alone,
We loose one chord, the harp will fail its tone.
The mighty harmonies within, around,
Die all away, or send a jarring sound.
Give over then, and wisely use thy skill
To tune each passion rightly, not to kill.
To joy thee in the living, mourn the dead;
And know, thou hast a heart, as well as head, —
A heart that needs, at times, the softening powers
Of grief, romantic love, and lonely hours.
And meditative twilight, and the balm
Of falling dews, and evening stars, and calm.
For ever in the world, there forms a crust
About thy soul, and all within's adust.
With sense beclouded, and perverted taste.
You toil abroad, and leave the heart a waste;
Dead while alive, and listless in the stir,
See all awry, deem manner, character; —
Not sentient of the right, nor loathing wrong,
You smile, and call that rude, which God calls strong:
No honest indignation in your breast.
Nor ardent love, but all things well exprest:
Your manner, like your dress — a thing put on; —
The seen, not that beneath, your care alone.
The dress has made the form by nature given
Unlike aught ever seen in earth or heaven.
Where, girl, thy flowing motion, easy sweep?
Like waves that swing, nor break the glassy deep?
All hard, and angular, and cased in steel!
And is it human? Can it breathe and feel?
The bosom beautiful of mould — alas!
Where, now, thy pillow, youth? — But let it pass, —
And shapes in freedom lovely? — I will bear
Distorted forms, leave minds but free and fair.
'T is all alike conventional; the mind
Is tortured like the body, cramped, confined;
A thing made up, by rules of art, for life;
Most perfect, when with nature most at strife;
Till the strife ceases, and the thing of art.
Forgetting nature, no more plays a part;
Sees truth in the factitious; — pleasure's slave —
Its drudge, not lord; in trifles only grave.
And with the high brought low, the little raised,
Nature forgotten, the factitious praised.
The world a gaud, life's stream a shallow brawl,
What, worldling, holds up virtue from a fall?
