title: Factitious Life (part 4 of 6)
author: Richard Henry Dana Sr.
date: c. 1825-1833
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsprosewritin00dana (Poems and Prose Writings, Boston: Russell, Odiorne, 1833; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 147
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Virtue? Nay, mock it not. There sits its Form:
Thy hand upon its heart! — Does 't beat? Is \ warm?
No pulse! and cold as death!
Then, paint its face.
And dress it up, and giv^e the thing a grace.
For sake of decency. — Why, just look there!
How like it is! And what a modish air!
How very proper! Sure, it can 't but pass,
And serve in time to come, for fashion's glass.
With etiquette for virtue, heart subdued.
The right betraying, lest you should be rude.
Excusing wrong, lest you be thought precise.
In morals easy, and in manners nice;
To keep in with the world your only end.
And with the world, to censure or defend.
To bend to it each passion, thought, desire,
With it genteelly cold, or all on fire.
What have you left to call your own, I pray?
You ask. What says the world, and that obey:
Where singularity alone is sin.
Live uncondemned, and prostrate all within.
You educate the manners, not the heart;
And morals make good breeding and an art.
Though coarse within, yet polished high without,
And held by all respectable, no doubt.
You think, concealed beneath these flimsy lies,
To keep through life the set proprieties.
Ah, fool, let but a passion rise in war.
Your mighty doors of Gaza, posts and bar,
'Twill wrench away. The Dalilah of old —
Your harlot virtue — thought with withes to hold
Her strong one captive. The Philistines came;
He snapped the bands as tow, and freed his frame,
And forth he went. And think you, then, to bind
With cords like these the Samsons of the mind.
When tempters from abroad beset them? Nay!
They '11 out, and tread like common dust your sway.
You strive in vain against the eternal plan.
Set free the sympathies, and be a man.
And let the tear bedew thine honest eye,
When good ones suffer, and when loved ones die.
Deem not thy fellow as a creature made
To serve thy turn in pleasure or in trade,
And then thrown by. It breaks thy moral power
To wrap the eternal up in one short hour.
And ask what best will serve to help you on.
Or furnish comforts till your life is done.
And is it wise or safe to set at naught
The finer feelings in our nature wrought,
That throw a lovelier hue on innocence.
And give to things of earth a life intense.
Drawing a charmed circle round our home.
That nothing gross or sensual there may come }
Yet, what makes virtue beauty you would bend
To worldly purposes — a prudent end!

From virtue take this beautiful regard,
And leave her homely prudence, duty hard;
Let passions unrefined, fed appetites.
Awake and call aloud for gross delights.
Think you the paltry barriers you have built.
Will stand the tug, and keep out shame and guilt?
Then, leave your coldforecastings, sharp, close strife
For vantage; quit the whirl you call your life,
And see how God has wrought. — This earth was made.
For use of man, its lord, you 've heard it said.
Yes, it is full of uses; you may see
How plainly made for use is yonder tree, —
To bear thee o'er the seas, or house thee dry,
When rains beat hard, and winds are bleak and high.
No, naught of this: But leaves, like fluttering wings,
Flash light; the gentle wind among them sings.
Then stops, and they too stop; and then the strain
Begins anew; and, then, they dance again.
I see the tinted trunk of brown and gray,
And rich, warm fungus, brighter for decay,
Whence rays of light, as from a fountain, flow;
I hear the mother robin talking low
In notes affectionate; the wide-mouthed brood
Chattering and eager for their far-sought food.
The air is spread with beauty; and the sky
Is musical with sounds that rise, and die
Till scarce the ear can catch them; then they swell;
Then send from far a low, sweet, sad farewell.
My mind is filled with beauty, and my heart —
With joy? Not joy, with what I would not part.
It is not sorrow, yet almost subdues
My soul to tears: it saddens while it wooes.
My spirit breathes of love: I could not hate.
O, I could match me with the lowliest state
And be content, so I might ever know
This, what? I cannot tell — not joy nor woe!
Come, look upon this stream. Now stoop and sip,
And let it gurgle round your parching lip.
It runs to slake the thirst of man and beast.
The simple beverage to great nature's feast.
My thirst is quenched; but still my spirit drinks,
And my heart lingers, and my mind — it thinks
Thoughts peaceful, thoughts upon the flow of time,
And tells the minutes by this slender chime, —
Music with which the waters gladly pay
Blossoms and shrubs that make their surface gay.
Thou little rill, why wilt thou run so fast
To mingle with rough ocean and his blast?
Thou thoughtless innocent, a world of strife
Is there! Then stay; nor quit thy peaceful life.
And all thy shining pebbles, and the song
Thou sing'st throughout the day, and all night long,
Up to the sun, the stars, the moon when she
Kisses thy face, half sadness and half glee.

Thus pity fills my heart, and thus I dream,
When standing caring for the unconscious stream.
Now stretch your eye off shore, o'er waters made
To cleanse the air and bear the world's great trade,
To rise, and wet the mountains near the sun.
Then back into themselves in rivers run.
Fulfilling mighty uses far and wide,
Through earth, in air, or here, as ocean-tide.
Ho! how the giant heaves himself, and strains
And flings to break his strong and viewless chains;
Foams in his wrath; and at his prison doors.
Hark! hear him! how he beats and tugs and roars,
As if he would break forth again and sweep
Each living thing within his lowest deep.
Type of the Infinite! I look away
Over thy billows, and I cannot stay
My thought upon a resting-place, or make
A shore beyond my vision, where they break;
But on my spirit stretches, till it's pain
To think; then rests, and then puts forth again.
Thou hold'st me by a spell; and on thy beach
I feel all soul; and thoughts unmeasured reach
Far back beyond all date. And, O! how old
Thou art to me. For countless years thou hast rolled.
Before an ear did hear thee, thou did'st mourn,
Prophet of sorrows, o'er a race unborn;
Waiting, thou mighty minister of death.
Lonely thy work, ere man had drawn his breath.
At last thou did'st it well! The dread command
Came, and thou swept'st to death the breathing land;
And then once more, unto the silent heaven
Thy lone and melancholy voice was given.
And though the land is thronged again, O Sea!
Strange sadness touches all that goes with thee.
The small bird's plaining note, the wild, sharp call
Share thy own spirit: it is sadness all!
How dark and stern upon thy waves looks down
Yonder tall Cliff — he with the iron crown.
