title: Factitious Life (part 5 of 6)
author: Richard Henry Dana Sr.
date: c. 1825-1833
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsprosewritin00dana (Poems and Prose Writings, Boston: Russell, Odiorne, 1833; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 133
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

And see! those sable Pines along the steep,
Are come to join thy requiem, gloomy Deep!
Like stoled monks they stand and chant the dirge
Over the dead, with thy low beating surge."
These are earth's uses. God has framed the whole,
Not mainly for the body, but the soul.
That it might dawn on beauty, and might grow
Noble in thought, from nature's noble show.
Might gather from the flowers a humble mind,
And on earth's ever varying surface find
Something to win to kind and fresh'ning change.
And give the powers a wide and healthful range;
To furnish man sweet company where'er
He travels on — a something to call dear.
And more his own, because it makes a part
With that fair world that dwells within the heart.
Earth yields to healthful labor meat and drink,
That man may live — for what.? To feel and think;

And not to eat and drink, and like the beast,
Sleep, and then wake and get him to his feast.
Over these grosser uses nature throws
Beauties so delicate, the man foregoes
Awhile his low intents, to soft delights
Yields up himself; and lost in sounds and sights,
Forgets that earth was made for aught beside
His doting; and he wooes it as his bride.
— - Beautiful bride! thou chaste one, innocent!
To win and make man like thee, thou wast lent.
Call with thy many pleasant voices, then;
The wanderer will turn to thee again.
Yes, now he turns! And see! the breaking day!
And in its dawn, the wanderer on his way!
Thou who art Life and Light, I see thee spread
Thy glories through these regions of the dead;
I hear Thee call the sleeper: — Up! Behold
The earth unveiled to thee, the heavens unrolled!
On thy transformed soul celestial light
Bursts; and the earth, transfigured, on thy sight
Breaks, a new sphere! Ay, stand in glad amaze.
While all its figures, opening on thy gaze.
Unfold new meanings. Thou shalt understand
Its mystic hierograph, thy God's own hand.
Ah! man shall read aright when he shall part
With human schemes, and in the new-born heart
Feel coursing new-born life; when from above
Shall flow throughout his soul joy, light and love;
And he shall follow up these streams, and find
The One the source of nature, grace and mind.
There, he in God and God in him, his soul
Shall look abroad and feel the world a ivhole —
'' From nature up to nature's God," no more
Grope out his way through parts, nor place before
The Former, the thing formed. — Man yet shall learn
The outward by the inward to discern —
The inward by the Spirit.
Here begin
Thy search, Philosopher, and thou shalt win
Thy way deep down into the soul. The light,
Shed in by God, shall open to thy sight
Vast powers of being; regions long untrod
Shall stretch before thee filled with life and God;
And faculties come forth, and put to shame
Thy vain and curious reasonings. Whence they came,
Thou shalt not ask; for they shall breathe an air
From upper worlds, around, that shall declare
Them sons of God, immortal ones; and thou,
Self-awed, in their mysterious presence bow;
And while thou listenest, with thy inward ear
The ocean of eternity shalt hear
Along its coming waves; and thou shalt see
Its spiritual waters, as they roll through thee;
Nor toil in hard abstractions of the brain,
Some guess of immortality to gain;
For far-sought truths within thy soul shall rise,
Informing visions to thine inward eyes.

Believe thyself immortal? Thou shalt know, —
Shalt /ee/ thyself immortal, when shall flow
Life from the Eternal, and shall end the strife
To part philosophy and heavenly life.
The soul to its prime union then restored,
The reason humbled, and its God adored,
Inward beholdings, powers intuitive.
Shall wake that soul, and thought in feeling live,
And truth and love be one, and truth and love.
Felt like its life-blood, through the soul shall move.
But as the abstract takes visual form, and thought
Becomes an inward sense; so man is brought
In outward forms material to find
A character in harmony with mind,
A spirit that with his may kindly blend.
And, sprung with him from One, in One to end.
Set in his true relation, he shall see
Self and surrounding things from Deity
Proceeding and supplied — that earth but shows
What, ere in outward forms they first arose,
Lived spiritual, fair forms in God's own mind.
And now revealed to him, no longer blind,
Open relations to the world within,
And feeling, truth and life in man begin.
In sympathy with God, his sympathies
Spread through the earth, and run into the skies.
Full, yet receiving; giving out, yet full;
Thoughtful in action; quiet, yet not dull,
He stands 'tween God and earth: A genial light
Dawns in his soul; and while he casts his sight
Abroad, behold the Sua! As on its track,
It mounts high up the heavens, its fires give back
Only the effluence of that inward fire.
The reflex of the soul, and God its sire.
Where'er the soul looks forth, 'tis to behold
Itself in secondary forms unfold.
Mysterious Archetype! see wide unfurled
Before thine eye, thy own, thy inner world I
Now all is thine; nor need'st thou longer fear
To take thy share in all: The far, the near
To thee are God's, so, thine; and all things live
To higher ends than earth; and thou dost give
That life which God gives thee; and to impart
Is to receive; and o'er thy new-born heart
The earth and heavens pour out a living flood;
And thou, as God at first, seest all is good.
Now, Love his life, and Truth his light alone.
His spirit even, head and heart at one,
A rule within that will no more deceive,
Man sees, to love, and loves but to believe:
With mind well balanced, sees and loathes deceit;
And loving truth, detects its counterfeit;
With all pervading truth his only guide.
Hath naught that he would feign, and naught to hide.
No selfish passion, and his vision just.
And claiming trust himself, he dares to trust;
And kind as trustful, ne'er to merit blind.
But liking widely, never fails to find.
