title: Factitious Life (part 6 of 6)
author: Richard Henry Dana Sr.
date: c. 1825-1833
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsprosewritin00dana (Poems and Prose Writings, Boston: Russell, Odiorne, 1833; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 64
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Through all their varied forms, the good and true )
Nor seeks a substitute for narrowed view,
In fond excess; nor meanly learns to rate
His love of some, as he may others hate;
Feeds not that love with venom; nor would raise
On one man's ruin piles to others' praise; —
Through nature, through the works of art, he feels
'Tis ever changing beauty subtilely steals.
Which, varying, still is one; and thus he draws
From one, delight in all, through genial laws; —
Feels that in love's expanse love's safety lies,
Nor what God proffers to himself denies; —
That every attribute, when duly used,
Is wisdom — not our being's gifts refused,
And losing self in others, nobler end
Than self-denied; to let our being blend
With general being, wakes intenser life.
And others' good our aim, ends inward strife; —
That truth binds all things by a common tie;
And Love is universal harmony;
And man, to truth and love once more restored.
Shall hold with God and nature sweet accord.
O, World, that thou wert wise! Hast thou not toiled
For seeming good enough? — enough been foiled?
How long must speak the void and aching heart?
I 'm weary of my task, this player's part —
Of smiles I cannot feel, feigned courtesy,
With feigning paid again — my life a lie.
I Ve chased the false so long! and yet I know
The false hath naught for me but secret woe;
Yet knowing, still pursue, with blinded haste,
Through systems, morals, fashions, manners, taste; —
Have bartered love for wealth, distinction sought,
And vain and loveless cares, and envy bought;
Have climbed ambition's heights, to feel alone.
Looked down, and seen how poor a world I've won;:
Have lost the simple way of right, and tried
Expedients curious, then for truth have sighed;
And weak, from energies on nothings spent.
Have sought, and then put by, what nature lent
For kind repair; — e'en like a pettish child, —
Sick of pretence, yet willingly beguiled.
Simplicity and all the fair array
Of outward forms that, varying, still obey
One law of truth, seemed tamely effortless;
I've craved conceit, sharp contrast, and excess;
Have cast my noble nature down, and all
The outward world has felt and shared the fall;
Yet, dimly conscious of my low. estate.
Conscious how soon the world and senses sate,
Groveller on earth, yet wanting will to rise.
Tired of the world, unfitted for the skies.
As to the abject, helpless slave, to me
Would come, with dire import, the word. Be free! "
Poor, self-willed slave, a bondage hard is thine!
A bondage none can break but Power divine.
Spirit of Love, thou Power Divine, come down;
And where thou walk'dst a sufferer, wear thy crown:

Bid the vexed sea be still, the tumult cease;
Prophet, fulfil thy word, reign Prince of Peace!
O, give that peace the world knows not, and throw.
Light of the world! thy light on all below;
Shine through the wildered mind that man may see.
Himself and earth restored, God, all, in Thee I
