title: Thoughts on the Soul (part 1 of 3)
author: Richard Henry Dana Sr.
date: c. 1825-1833
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsprosewritin00dana (Poems and Prose Writings, Boston: Russell, Odiorne, 1833; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 123
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

" And when thou think 'st of ber eternity,
Think not that death against her nature is;
Think it her birth." Davies.
" But it exceeds man's thoughts to think how high
God hath raised man." Same.

It is the Soul's prerogative, its fate,
To shape the outward to its own estate.
If right itself, then, all around is well;
If wrong, it makes of all without a hell.
So multiplies the Soul its joy or pain,
Gives out itself, itself takes back again.
Transformed by thee, the world hath but one face. —
Look there, my Soul! and thine own features trace!
And all through time, and down eternity.
Where'er thou goest, that face shall look on thee.

We look upon the outward state, and, then,
Say who is happiest — saddest who of men:
We look upon the face, and think to know
The measure of the bosom's joy or woe.
A healthy man is that, and full his hoard,
His farm well stocked, and well supplied his board,
His helpmate comely, and a thrifty dame
Of cheerful temper, morn, noon, eve, the same.
How pale looks yonder man; his wife a scold.
His children sickly, starved with want and cold.
And there goes one, a freeman all his life.
Whene'er had plagues of home, or child, or wife.
Another lives in that large, silent hall,
Bereft of friends, of wife, and child, and all.
Now, of the four, who's happiest, saddest.^ Say!
I thought thou knewest. Well, then, why delay?
Oh, Hamlet like, thou would'st peruse the face!
And canst thou now the bosom's secrets trace?
The face is called the index of the mind; *
Yet dost not read it, wise one? — Art thou blind?
It is the Soul made visible. Behold
The shapes it takes. Speak! What may his unfold?
Why, joy, be sure; you saw how sweet it smiled.
— Thou read a face t Go, read thy horn-book, child!
By summing that man's cattle by the head,
His friends alive, or wife and children dead,
Dost think to learn his spirit's breadth and length?
To find his joys' and sorrows' depth and strength?
Come! of these joys and sufferings make thy cast.
Now tell me, pray, how foot they up at last?
Of outward things thou canst not find the amount.
Think'st thou the Soul's emotions, then, to count?
To range upon the face the thoughts that fly
Swifter than light? — That rainbow, in the sky,
Severs each hue. But what prismatic glass
Hast thou to mark the feelings as they pass?
Or what wherewith to sound, or tell the flow
Of that man's deep and dark and silent woe?
To name their kind, or reckon their degree.
When joys play through him like a sparkling sea?
Ocean and land, the living clouds that run
Above, or stand before the setting sun,
Taking and giving glory in his light,
Live but in change too subtle for thy sight.
The lot of man — see that more varied still
By ceaseless acts of sense, and mind, and will.
Yet could'st thou count up all material things,
All outward difference each condition brings,
Then would'st thou say, perhaps, Lo, here the whole!
— The whole? One thing thou hast forgot — The Soul!
— Life in itself, it life to all things gives;
For whatsoe'er it looks on, that thing lives—-

Becomes an acting being, ill or good;
And, grateful to its giver, tenders food
For the Soul's health; or, suffering change unblest,
Pours poison down to rankle in the breast:
As acts the man, e'en so it plays its part,
And answers, thought to thought, and heart to heart.
Yes, man reduplicates himself You see.
In yonder lake, reflected rock and tree.
Each leaf at rest, or quivering in the air.
Now rests, now stirs as if a breeze were there
Sweeping the crystal depths. How perfect all!
And see those slender top-boughs rise and fall!
The double strips of silvery sand unite
Above, below, each grain distinct and bright.
Yon bird, that seeks her food upon that bough.
Pecks not alone; for look! the bird below
Is busy after food, and happy, too.
— They're gone I Both pleased, away together flew.
Behold we thus sent up, rock, sand, and wood,
Life, joy, and motion from the sleepy flood?
The world, O man, is like that flood to thee:
Turn where thou wilt, thyself in all things see
Reflected back. As drives the blinding sand
Round Egypt's piles, where'er thou tak'st thy stand,
If that thy heart be barren, there will sweep
The drifting waste, like waves along the deep.
Fill up the vale, and choke the laughing streams
That ran through grass and brake, with dancing beams,
Sear the fresh woods, and from thy heavy eye
Veil the wide-shifting glories of the sky.
The rill is tuneless to his ear who feels
No harmony within; the south wind steals
As silent as unseen among the leaves.
Who has no inward beauty, none perceives,
Though all around is beautiful. Nay, more — -
In nature's calmest hour he hears the roar
Of winds and flinging waves — puts out the light,
When high and angry passions meet in fight;
And, his own spirit into tumult hurled.
He makes a turmoil of a quiet world;
The fiends of his own bosom people air
With kindred fiends, that hunt him to despair.
Hates he his fellow? Self he makes the rate
Of fellow-man, and cries, 'T is hate for hate.
Soul! fearful is thy power, which thus transforms
All things into thy likeness; heaves in storms
The strong, proud sea, or lays it down to rest.
Like the hushed infant on its mother's breast —
Which gives each outward circumstance its hue.
And shapes the acts, and thoughts of men anew,
Till they, in.turn, or love or hate impart,
As love or hate holds rule within the heart.
Then, dread thy very power; for, works it wrong,
It gives to all without a power as strong
As is its own — a power it can't recall: —
Such as thy strength, e'en so will be thy thrall.
