title: Thoughts on the Soul (part 2 of 3)
author: Richard Henry Dana Sr.
date: c. 1825-1833
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsprosewritin00dana (Poems and Prose Writings, Boston: Russell, Odiorne, 1833; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 142
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

The fiercer are thy struggles, wrath, and throes,
Thou slave of sin, the mystic chain so grows
Closer and heavier on thee. Thus, thy strength
Makes thee the weaker, verier slave, at length,
Working, at thy own forge, the chain to bind,
And wear, and fret thy restless, fevered mind.
Be warned! Thou canst not break, nor scape, the power
In kindness given in thy first breathing hour.
Thou canst not slay its life: it must create;
And, good or ill, there ne'er will come a date
To its tremendous energies. The trust.
Thus given, guard, and to thyself be just.
Nor dream with life to shufile off the coil;
It takes fresh life, starts fresh for further toil,
And on it goes, for ever, ever, on.
Changing, all down its course, each thing to one
With its immortal nature: All must be.
Like thy dread self, one dread eternity.
Blinded by passion, man gives up his breath.
Uncalled by God. We look, and name it Death.
Mad wretch! the soul hath no last sleep; the strife
To end itself, but wakes intenser life
In the self-torturing spirit. Fool, give o'er!
Hast thou once been, yet think'st to be no more?
What! life destroy itself } O, idlest dream
Shaped in that emptiest thing — a doubter's scheme.
Think'st in an Universal Soul will merge
Thy soul, as rain-drops mingle with the surge?
Or, no less skeptic, sin will have an end,
And thj purged spirit with the holy blend
In joys as holy? Why a sinner now?
As falls the tree, so lies it. So shalt thou.
God's Book, rash doubter, holds the plain record;
Dar'st talk of hopes and doubts against that Word?
Or palter with it iu a quibbling sense?
That Book shall judge thee when thou passest hence.
Then — with thy spirit from the body freed —
Then shalt thou know, see, feel, what's life indeedl
Bursting to life, thy dominant desire
Shall upward flame, like a fierce forest fire;
Then, like a sea of fire, heave, roar, and dash —
Roll up its lowest depths in waves, and flash
A wild disaster round, like its own woe —
Each wave cry, *' Woe forever! '' in its flow,
And then, pass on; — from far adown its path
Send back commingling sounds of woe and wrath —
Th' indomitable Will shall know no sway: —
God calls — ^Man, hear Him; quit that fearful way?
Come, listen to His voice who died to save
Lost man, and raise him from his moral grave;
From darkness showed a path of light to heaven;
Cried, *' Rise and walk; thy sins are all forgiven.''
Blest are the pure in heart. Would'st thou be blest?
He'll cleanse thy spotted soul. Would'st thou find rest?

Around thy toils and cares he '11 breathe a calm,
And to thy wounded spirit lay a balm;
From fear draw love; and teach thee where to seek
Lost strength and grandeur — with the bowed and meek.
Come lowly; He will help thee. Lay aside
That subtile, first of evils — human pride.
Know God, and, so, thyself; and be afraid
To call aught poor or low that He has made.
Fear naught but sin; love all but sin; and learn
In all beside 't is wisdom to discern
His forming, his creating power, and bind
Earth, self and brother to the Eternal Mind.
Linked with the Immortal, immortality
Begins e'en here. For what is time to thee.
To whose cleared sight the night is turned to day,
And that but changing life, miscalled decay?
Is it not glorious, then, from thy own heart
To pour a stream of life? — to make a part
With thy eternal spirit things that rot, —
That, looked on for a moment, are forgot,
But to thy opening vision pass to take
New forms of life, and in new beauties wake?
To thee the falling leaf but fades to bear
Its hues and odours to some fresher air;
Some passing sound floats by to yonder sphere,
That softly answers to thy listening ear.
In one eternal round they go and come;
And where they travel, there hast thou a home
For thy far-reaching thoughts. — O, Power Divine?
Has this poor worm a spirit so like thine?
Unwrap its folds, and clear its wings to go!
Would I could quit earth, sin, and care, and woe!
Nay, rather let me use the world aright:
Thus make me ready for my upward flight.
Come, Brother, turn with me from pining thought.
And all the inward ills that sin has wrought;
Come, send abroad a love for all who live,
And feel the deep content in turn they give.
Kind wishes and good deeds — they make not poor;
They '11 home again, full laden, to thy door.
The streams of love flow back where they begin;
For springs of outward joys, lie deep within.
E'en let them flow, and make the places glad
Where dwell thy fellow-men. Should'st thou be sad,
And earth seem bare, and hours, once happy, press
Upon thy thoughts, and make thy loneliness
More lonely for the past, thou then shalt hear
The music of those waters running near;
And thy faint spirit drink the cooling stream,
And thine eye gladden with the playing beam,
That, now, upon the water dances, now.
Leaps up and dances in the hanging bough.
Is it not lovely? Tell me, where doth dwell
The power that wrought so beautiful a spell.'

In thy own bosom, Brother? Then, as thine,
Guard with a reverend fear this power divine.
And if, indeed, 't is not the outward state,
But temper of the Soul, by which we rate
Sadness or joy, e'en let thy bosom move
With noble thoughts, and wake thee into love.
And let each feeling in thy breast be given
An honest aim, which, sanctified by heaven.
And springing into act, new life imparts,
Till beats thy frame as with a thousand hearts.
Sin clouds the mind's clear vision; man, not earth,
Around the self-starved Soul, has spread a dearth.
The earth is full of life: the living Hand
Touched it with life; and all its forms expand
With principles of being made to suit
Man's varied powers, and raise him from the brute.
And shall the earth of higher ends be full? — •
Earth which thou tread 'st! — and thy poor mind be dull?
Thou talk of life, with half thy soul asleep!
Thou 'Miving dead man," let thy spirits leap
Forth to the day; and let the fresh air blow
Thro' thy soul's shut up mansion. Wouldst thou know
Something of what is life, shake off this death;
Have thy soul feel the universal breath
With which all nature's quick! and learn to be
Sharer in all that thou dost touch or see.
Break from thy body's grasp, thy spirit's trance;
Give thy Soul air, thy faculties expanse: —
Love, joy, e'en sorrow, — yield thyself to all!
They make thy freedom, man, and not thy thrall.
Knock oif the shackles which thy spirit bind
To dust and sense, and set at large thy mind!
Then move in sympathy with God's great whole;
And be, like man at first, '^ a living Soul! "
