title: Thoughts on the Soul (part 3 of 3)
author: Richard Henry Dana Sr.
date: c. 1825-1833
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsprosewritin00dana (Poems and Prose Writings, Boston: Russell, Odiorne, 1833; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 61
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Though nothing once, and born but yesterday.
Like Him who knows nor ending, nor decay.
So shalt thou live, my Soul, — immortal one — -
Strong as the firm, the dread, eternal throne.
Endless as God, who sits for aye thereon.
Infinite Father! shall thy creature dare
Look forth, and say, '' Eternity I share
With Him who made me? " May he forward send
Histhoughts, andsay, ''Like God, I know no end?" —
Stretch onward, age on age, till mind grows dim.
Yet, conscious, cry, '' There still am I with Him? "
— Worm of the dust! — ^thought almost blasphemy! —
Dread glory! — I, like God, shall ever be!
O, Goodness searchless! — Thou who once didst walk
With man on earth, with man familiar talk.
Bringing thyself to him, to lead the way
From darkness up to glory and to day,

Uniting with our form, that man, when blind
To all but sense, the high intent might find
Of his own sou], his never-dying mind —
Teach us, in this thy Sacrifice, to see
Thy love — our worth, in this great mystery.
Poorly of his own nature he must deem —
His very immortality a dream —
Whose God's so strange he may not condescend
With his own last and greatest work to blend;
But rather his lost creatures must forsake.
Than deign to dwell with that He deigned to make.
Though veiled in flesh, did God his glory hide?
God counts not glory thus, but human pride.
Debased by sin, and used to things of sense.
How shall man's spirit rise and travel hence,
Where lie the Soul's pure regions, without bounds —
Where mind's at large, and passion ne'er confounds
Clear thought, and thought is sight — the far brings nigh,
Calls up the deep, and, now, calls down the high.
Cast off thy slough, and send thy spirit forth
Up to the Infinite, then know thy worth.
With That, be infinite; with Love, be love, —
Angel, 'mid angel throngs that move above;
Ay, more than Angel: nearer the great Cause,
Through his redeeming power, now read his laws —
Not with thy earthly mind, that half detects
Something of outward things by slow effects;
Viewing creative causes, learn to know
The hidden springs, nor guess as here below.
Laws, purposes, relations, sympathies —
In errors vain. — Clear Truth's in yonder skies.
Creature all grandeur, son of truth and light,
Up from the dust! the last great day is bright —
Bright on the Holy Mountain, round the Throne,
Bright where in borrowed light the far stars shone.
Look down! the Depths are bright! And hear them cry,
'' Light! light! " — Look up! 'tis rushing down from high!
Regions on regions — far away they shine:
'T is light ineffable, 't is light divine!
'' Immortal light, and life for evermore! "
Off through the deeps is heard from shore to shore
Of rolling worlds! — Man, wake thee from the sod —
Awake from death — awake! and live with God!
tore;
