title: Chantrey's Washington
author: Richard Henry Dana Sr.
date: c. 1825-1833
source: https://archive.org/details/poemsprosewritin00dana (Poems and Prose Writings, Boston: Russell, Odiorne, 1833; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 40
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

" And thou art home again in marble!
Remembered be thy name in poets' story,
Who led the land through fire and blood to glory; -
Our Father, next to Him in heaven! "

Father and Chief, how calm thou stand'st once more
Upon thine own free land, thou won'st through toil!
Seest thou upon thy Country's robe a soil,
As she comes down to greet thee on the shore?

For thought in that fine brow is living still — -
Such thought, as looking far off into time.
Casting by fear, stood up in strength sublime.
When odds in war shook vale and shore and hill --

Such thought as then possessed thee, when was laid
Our deep foundation — when the fabric shook
With the wrathful surge which high against it broke —
When at thy voice the blind, wild sea was stayed.

Hast heard our strivings, that thou look'st away
Into the future, pondering still our fate
With thoughtful mind? Thou readest, sure, the date
To strifes — thou seest a glorious coming day;
For round those lips dwells sweetness, breathing good
To sad men's souls, and bidding them take heart,
Nor live the shame of those who bore their part
When round their towering ^Saul they banded stood.

'No swelling pride in that firm, ample chest!
The full rich robe falls round thee, fold on fold,
With easy grace, in thy scarce conscious hold:
How simple in thy grandeur — strong in rest!

'T is like thee: Such repose thy living form
Wrapt round. Though some chained passion, breaking forth.
At times swept o'er thee like the fierce, dread north,
Yet calmer, nobler cam'st thou from the storm.

O, mystery past thought! that the cold stone
Should live to us, take shape, and to us speak ^ —
That he, in mind, in grandeur like the Greek,
And he, our pride, stand here, the two in one!

There's awe in thy still form. Come hither, then,
Ye that o'erthrong the land, and ye shall know
What greatness is, nor please ye in its show —
Come, look on him, would ye indeed be men!
