S, 
®: 


| 
Z 
I. 
= 
| os 
¢ 
& 
i - 
a ~ 
i a 
Res. 
4 yar sculp® 
i Me 
| Pie 
ae 
| . 
| WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 
‘ ? ifn. : J Sas , 
} 4 After “. WUuidlOie tw We Mipfagvin Vi 
J Vd 
‘» A ; 
. ¢ y ) LOE. Ae 
' CHW « Jeme Wend oe Baigis ae Boar. “ 
y 
\. 
Bie wre ‘ 


| PLAYS AND POEMS 
WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 


CORRECTIONS AND ILLUSTRATIONS 


eager 


OF 
VARIOUS COMMENTATORS: 
COMPREHEN DING 
A Life of the Poet, 
AND 


AN ENLARGED HISTORY OF THE STAGE, 


BY 


THE LATE EDMOND MALONE. 


WITH A NBW GLOSSARIAL. INDEX. 


THS #T3EQ> [TPAMMATETS HN, TON KAAAMON 


ATIOBPEXQN EIZ NOTN. ~—_——~*Vet. Auct. apud Suidam. 
VOL. Il. 
LONDON: 


PRINTED FORSF. C, AND J. RIVINGTON; T. EGERTON; J. CUTHELL; SCATCHERD 
AND LETTERMAN; LONGMAN, HURST, REES, ORME, AND BROWN; CADELL 
AND DAVIES ; LACKINGTON AND CO.; J. BOOKER; BLACK AND CO.; J. BOOTH ; 
J. RICHARDSON; J. M. RICHARDSON; J. MURRAY; J. HARDING; R. H. EVANS; 
J. MAWMAN; R, SCHOLEY; T. EARLE; J. BOHN; C. BROWN; GRAY AND SON; 
R, PHENEY; BALDWIN, CRADOCK, AND JOY; NEWMAN AND CO.; OGLES, DUN- 
CAN, AND CO.; T. HAMILTON; W. WOOD; J. SHELDON; E. EDWARDS; WHIT- 
MORE AND FENN; W. MASON; G. AND W. B. WHITTAKER; SIMPKIN AND 
MARSHALL; R. SAUNDERS: J. DEIGHTON AND SONS, CAMBRIDGE: WILSON 
AND SON, YORK: AND STIRLING AND SLADE, FAIRBAIRN AND ANDERSON, 
AND D. BROWN, EDINBURGH. 


1821. 


% 
| ‘ 
| : ue j ke 
sf yy 
. . 2 tT bY iG Bae: ° A . ; 
- thet ec a WAR AW ek -4 hf A 
| 4 . 7 a a» 
‘ ‘ . 
/ . 
| ’ > 
j ' 
. ; Op aeeh fas co Ree i. 5 Bhs; 
4 
Eee 20 aa eA MODALONY i rm 20 
af , 
iP De bar 
. asui2 Wy 
¥ Fi 
ae a ps 
= an 
q . os J 
q u ‘ 
fi pages 
’ 
, . 
} . ‘ 
i by 
. 


4 Bayerioche 
| Steatadib! én 


bins MOnchen ' 


THE 


LIFE ponies 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. | 


SECTION I. 


Or all the accounts of literary men which have 
been. given to the world, the history of the life of 
Shakspeare* would be the most curious and in- 


? Before we proceed further, it may be proper to ascertain the 
orthography of our poet’s name. That the . pronunciation of his 
own time was Shakspeare, is proved decisively, by illiterate 
persons, who spelt by the ear, writing the name either ‘Shaz- 
Spere, Or Shackspere ; 3 of which, instances from authentick docu- 
ments will be given hereafter: and that he himself wrote his*~ 4--<. 
name without the middle e, appears from his atitogreph; of which ~~ Lares z SF 
a fac-simile will be found in a subsequent page.” With respect—“s5 ar HES 
iad to the last syllable of his name, the people of Stratford appear to) <<. 2» <.e 
have generally written the name Shakspere, or Shackspere : and @° 73 < 2°) 
I have now great doubts whether he did not frequently write the Sg.. cee 
final syllable so himself; for I suspect that what was formerly “= = * /” 
supposed to be the letter a over his autograph above-mentioned, 
was only a coarse and broad mark of a contraction; and in the 
; signatures of his name subscribed to his will (as avery ingenious 
; ‘anonymous correspondent observes to me), certainly the letter a 

4 is not to be found in the second syllable. It should be remem- 
bered, that in all words where per oceurred, in old English 
VOL, II, B 


| 
Q 


2 THE LIFE OF 


structive, if we were acquainted with the minute cir- 
cumstances of his fortunes, the course and extent of 


writing, this contraction (P) was generally substituted. The true 
origin, I believe, of his countrymen thus spelling the latter part 
of his name, was this: instead of speare (hasta) following the 
sound, they constantly wrote spere; and hence the name of 
Sperepoynt, another family in Stratford, was thus exhibited. Mr. 
Richard Quiney, and many of the Stratfordians, in consequence of 
this being the common mode of spelling the word spear or speare, 
and of being used to the contraction above-mentioned, frequently 
wrote our poet's name thus: Mr. Shaksp.; and in some of the 
writings of the borough, I have found the name written at length 
Shaksper, which was probably the vulgar pronunciation. But as 
spere was a mispelling of the word speare, from the cause already 
assigned ; and as it is not so properly old spelling, as false spell- 
ing; in my opinion it ought not to be adopted in exhibiting our 
author's name at this day; and therefore I write Shakspeare, and 


. “Ate by Fo , graphy which we now adopt, as will be seen hereafter. 
Shana? oor The various modes in which our poet's name has been exhi- 
cate *. g-& ited; have been the subject of much disquisition; but those who 
"4 nonut ¢& are conversant with the laxity of ancient orthography, must have 
ane oe Yen “met with so many instances of the same kind, that this variance 
A epaey 7m be no novelty tothem. ‘“ The same surname (says Fuller, in 

his English Worthies, p. 51), hath been variously altered in 

writing: first, because time teacheth new orthography, altering 
Pe spelling, as well as speaking : secondly, the best gentlemen an- 
ciently were not the best scholars; and, minding matters of more 
moment, were somewhat too incurious in their names. Besides, 
writers engrossing deeds were not over-critical in spelling of 
names, knowing well where the person appeared the same, the 
simplicity of that age would not fall out about misnomer. Lastly, 
ancient families have been often removed into several coun- 
ties, where several writings follow the several pronunciations.” 
So variously was the name of Percy written, that the learned and 
ingenious Bishop of Dromore has, I think, enumerated above 
twenty different ancient modes of spelling that name. ‘The name 
of Villiers, Fuller observes, was spelt fourteen different ways; and 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 3 


his studies, and the means and gradations whereby 
he acquired that consummate knowledge of mankind, 
which, for two centuries, has rendered him the delight 
and boast of his countrymen: but many of the mate- 


in the spelling of the name of Gascoygne, Thoresby and Oldys 
have exhibited twenty-one variations. Sir Walter Ralegh has 
written his name in a book in the Bodleian Library, as I now have 
done ; yet his contemporaries much more frequently wrote Raw- 
leigh, or Raleigh, or Rawley ; nor was he himself, I believe, uni- 
form in his practice. Mr. Abraham Sturley, an alderman of 
Stratford, with whom the reader will be better acquainted here- 
after, as often wrote his name Sfred/ey as Sturley : and the name of 
our poet's son- -in-law was written Hawle, Halle, Haule, and 
Hail ; in the first and the last of these ways he himself wrote it 
at different periods of his life. A similar variance is to be found 
in the names of Burghley, which is exhibited in four or five dif- 
ferent ways; of Habington the historian (frequently written and 
printed Abington), Massinger and Dekker the poets, and many 
others. Edward Alleyn, the player, wrote his name sometimes 
Allin, sometimes Allen, and at others Aleyn or Alleyn. The 
names of Heminges and Condell, our poet's fellow comedians, are 
written differently in the very volume which they themselves pub- 
lished. And lastly, to come nearer to our own time, instead of 
John Dryden, the name to which we are now familiarized, we 
haye before the second edition of his Essay of Dramatick Poesie, 
and also in an advertisement in the London Gazette, N’ 1, John 
Dreyden ; and in the last page this name was also writte Driden 
and Dreydon, 

Fuller, writing on this subject, concludes like a truc antiquary : 
** However such diversity appeareth in the eye of others, I dare 
profess that Iam delighted with the prospect thereof.” Though 
I fear my readers may not have so much enthusiasm (as I “ dare 
profess” I have not), yet I trust they will pardon the length of 
this disquisition, which perhaps nothing but the name of Shak- 


‘speare could justify. Under the protection of that seven-fold 


shield an editor may set eriticks and cavillers at defiance. 


Bry? ap im’ Atavros canst Ternpwnadao. 
B 2 


few evets fon 
LP eatasnanoa 1h Fo 
eI, 
Come phere 
angotn A 
~ & nese 
the FF 


4 THE LIFE OF 


rials for such a biographical detail being now un- 
attainable, we must content ourselves with such par- 
ticulars as accident has preserved, or the most sedu- 
lous industry has been able to collect. 

From Sir William Dugdale, who was born in 1605, 
and bred at the school of Coventry, but twenty miles 
from Stratford upon Avon, and whose Antiquities of 
Warwickshire appeared in 1656, only thirty years after 
the death of our poet, we might reasonably have ex- 
pected some curious memorials of his illustrious 
countryman : but he has not given us a single parti- 
cular of his private life; contenting himself with a 
very slight mention of him in his account of the 
church and tombs of Stratford upon Avon. 

The next biographical printed notice that I have 
found, is in Fuller’s Worthies, folio, 1662, in Warwick- 

- shire, p. 116 ; where there is a short quibbling account 

of our poet, furnishing very little information concern- 
‘ing him. In Theatrum Poetarum, which was not 
published till 1675 (though in the Bodleian, and other 
catalogues, that book is mentioned as having appeared 
in MDCLX, in consequence of the last two figures 
(xv) having, in some copies, dropped out of their 
place, at the press), Edward Phillips gives this cha- 
racter of our author : 

“ William Shakspeare, the glory of the English 
stage, whose nativity at Stratford upon Avon is the 
highest honour that town can boast of, from an acto1 
of tragedies and comedies, he became a maker; and 
such a maker, that though some others may perhaps 
pretend to a more exact decorum and economy, espe- 
cially in tragedy, never any expressed a more lofty 
and tragick height; never any represented nature 


yy sere 
4 * Ble 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 5 


more purely to the life: and where the polishments 
of art are most wanting, as probably his learning was 
not extraordinary, he pleaseth with a certain wild and 
native elegance ; and in all his writings hath an un- 
vulgar style, as well in his Venus and Adonis, his 
Rape of Lucrece, and other various poems, as in his 
dramaticks.” 
I had long since observed, in the margin of my 
copy of this book, that the hand of Milton, who was 
the author’s uncle, might be traced in the preface, and 
in the passage above quoted. The book was licensed 
for publication two months before the death of that 
poet. My late friend, Mr. Warton, has made the 
same observation. 
Winstanley, in his Lives of the Poets, 8vo. 1687, 
merely transcribed Dugdale and Fuller; nor did 
Langbaine, in 1691, Blount, in 1694, or Gildon, in 
1699, add any thing to the former meagre accounts 
of our poet. | 
. That Antony Wood, who was himself a native of 
Oxford (but thirty-six miles from Stratford), and was 
born but fourteen years after the death of our author, 
‘should not have collected any anecdotes of Shak- 
-speare,' has always appeared to me extraordinary. 
Though Shakspeare had no direct title to a place in 
‘the Athene Oxonienses, that diligent antiquary could 
have easily found a niche for his Life, as he has done 
for many others, not bred at Oxford. The Life of 
‘Davenant afforded him a very fair opportunity for 
such an insertion. 

_ About the year 1680, that very curious and inde- 
fatigable searcher after anecdotes relative to the 


6 THE LIFE OF 


eminent writers of England, Mr. John Aubrey, col- 
lected some concerning Shakspeare, which I shall 
have occasion to mention more particularly hereafter. 

But the person from whom we should probably 
have derived the most satisfactory intelligence con- 
cerning our poet’s theatrical history, was his contem- 
porary, and fellow comedian, Thomas Heywood, had 


he executed a work which he appears to have long had 


in contemplation. In the margin of Braithwaite’s 
Survey of Histories, 4to. 1614, I find the following 
note: “ Homer, an excellent and heroicke poet, sha- 
dowed only, because my judicious friend, Maister 
Thomas Heywood, hath taken in hand, by his great 
industry, to make a general, though summary, de- 
scription of all the poets.” Heywood himself, twenty 
years afterwards, mentions the same scheme, in a note 
to his Hierarchy of the Blessed Angels, folio, 1635, 
p- 245, in which he says, that he intends “ to com- 
mit to the publick view, The Lives of the Poets, 
foreign and modern, from the first before Homer, to 
the novissimi and last, of what nation or language 
soever;” but, unfortunately, the work was never 
published. Browne, the pastoral poet, who was 
also Shakspeare’s contemporary, had a similar in- 
tention of writing the Lives of the English Poets ; 
which, however, he never executed. 

Though, between 1640 and 1670, the Lives of 
Hooker, Donne, Wotton, and Herbert, were given to 
the publick by Isaac Walton, and in 1679 some ac- 
count of Spencer was prefixed to a folio edition of his 
works, neither the booksellers, who republished our 
author's plays in 1664 and 1665, employed any 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 7 


person to write the Life of Shakspeare; nor did 
Dryden, though a warm admirer of his productions, 
or any other poet, collect any materials for such a’ 
work, till Mr. Rowe, about the year 1707, undertook 
an edition of his plays. Unfortunately, that was not 
an age of curiosity or inquiry: for Dryden might 
have obtained some intelligence from the old actors, 
who'died about the time of the Restoration, when he 
was himself near thirty years old; and still more au- 
thentick accounts from our poet’s grand-daughter, 
Lady Barnard, who did not die till 1670. His sister, 
Joan Hart, was living in 1646; his eldest daughter, 
Susanna Hall, in 1649; and his second daughter, 
Judith Queeny, in 1662. 

Of those who were not thus nearly connected with our 
poet, a large list of persons presents itself, from whom, 
without doubt, much intelligence concerning him 
might have been obtained, between the time of the 
publication of the second folio edition of his works, in 
1632, and of Mr. Rowe’s Life, in 1709. 

Francis Meres, who will be more particularly men- 
tioned hereafter, and who appears to have been well. 
acquainted with the stage, when our author first ap- 
peared as a dramatick writer, lived till 1646. 

Richard Braithwaite, a very voluminous poet, was 
born in 1588, and commenced a writer some years 
before the death of Shakspeare: Having’ once, as” it 
should seem, had thoughts of compiling a’ history of 
the English poets, he probably was particularly 
anxious to’ learn’ all such circumstances as might 
be most conducive to such an undertaking. He 


8 . °) THE. LIFE OF - 


died in 1673, at the age of eighty-five. To him 
may be added, 1. Dr. Jasper Mayne; 2. Penelope 
Lady Spencer; 3. John, the second Lord Stanhope ; 
4. Sir Aston Cockaine; 5. William Cavendish, 
Duke of Newcastle; and, 6. Frances Countess of 
Dorset; who all died between the time of the 
Restoration and the year 1695; and Sir Robert 
Atkins, Sir Richard Verney, and Sir William 
Bishop, whose lives were extended to the beginning 
of the eighteenth century. 

. Jasper Mayne, who had written two papers of 


* verses on our author, in 1623, lived till 1671. 


- Penelope Lady Spencer, who died in 1667, sixty- 
nine years old, probably had heard, in her youth, some 
particulars concerning Shakspeare, from her father, 
his great patron. (0 -#@-4£G/ 

Not only the age of John, the second Lord Stan- 
hope, but the papers which he must have derived 
from his father, the first Lord, must have furnished 
him with many curious particulars respecting the 
plays of Shakspeare and his contemporaries. Sir 
John Stanhope, the first Lord Stanhope, was. ap- 
pointed, in 1595, Treasurer of the Chambers, 
through whose hand passed all money disbursed for 
plays exhibited at Court; and continued possessed of 
this office till March, 1620-21, when he died. His 
son, the second Lord, was born in 1595; was made a 
Knight of the Bath in 1610; and lived to the age of 
eighty-three, dying in 1677. 

How conversant Sir Aston Cockaine was with the 
history of our poets, particularly the dramatick poets, 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 9 


his own works abundantly prove. He was born in 
1606, and died in 1684, i in the seventy-eighth year of 
his age. 

William Cavendish, Duke of Newcastle, himself & a 
dramatick poet, and a patron of Ben Jonson, in the 
latter days of that writer, could hardly have failed 

_ to have heard much of Shakspeare, in his youth. He 
was born in 1592, made a Knight of the Bath in 
1610, and died on Christmas-day, 1676, at the age 
of eighty-four. At the time of sgiaaeiecaei death, 
he was twenty-four years old, 

Frances, the wife of Richard, the fifth Earl of 
Dorset, and mother of Charles Earl of Dorset, the 
patron of Dryden, was, according to tradition, ex- 
tremely intimate with Sir John Suckling, a professed 
admirer of our poet. This lady, who was born in 
1619. or 1620, and married in 1637, lived till 
1693. 

Some account of Shakspeare’s domestick habits 
and private life, it may be presumed, might have 
been obtained from Sir William Bishop, of Bridge- 
town, adjoining Stratford upon Avon, who was born 
in 1626, and died there in 1700. His father, Sir 
Richard Bishop, who might have been personally ac- 
quainted with the poet, was born in 1585, and died 
at Bridgetown, in 1673, at the age of eighty-eight. 

_ Sir Robert Atkins, Knight of the Bath, and Chief 
Baron of the Exchequer, died in 1709, at the great 
age of eighty-eight. Being fond of antiquarian re- 
searches, he, doubtless, was not inattentive to the 
history-of our early poets; and being himself born in 


10 THE LIFE OF 


1621, five years only after Shakspeare’s death, had an 
opportunity of learning many particulars concerning 
him, from his father, who was born in 1588, and died 
in 1669, at the age of eighty-two. 

To these numerous sources of information may 
be added one more, whence even Mr. Rowe him- 
self might probably have obtained much information, 
in 1708, when he was collecting materials for his 
Life of Shakspeare ; I mean Sir Richard Verney, of 
Compton Murdock, about eight miles from Stratford, 
the first Lord Willoughby de Broke. He was born: 
in January, 1621-2, and survived the publication of 
Mr. Rowe’s edition of Shakspeare, dying at the great 
age of ninety, July 18, 1711. He is described 
by Wright, in his History of Rutlandshire, as 
“a true lover of antiquities, and a worthy Mecenas;” 
and without doubt had, in his early days, made 
some inquiries concerning his illustrious countryman, 
from his father, who was born in 1588, and died in 
1642, when Sir Richard was twenty years old. His 
grandfather, Sir Richard Verney, who was born in 
1563, and died in 1630, often sat in commission; as a 
Justice of Peace, at Stratford, before Shakspeare re- 
moved to London. He married a daughter of Sir 
Fulke Greville, the elder, who was many years Re- 
corder of Stratford ; and his mother was Jane, one of 
the sisters of Sir Thomas Lucy, Shakspeare’s sup- 
posed prosecutor. 

That almost a century should have elapsed, from 
the time of his death, without a single attempt 
having been made to discover any circumstance which 


ail 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 11 


could throw a light on the history of his private life, 
or literary career; that, when the attempt was made, 
it should have been so imperfectly executed by the 
very ingenious and elegant dramatist who undertook 
the task; and that for a period of eighty years? 
afterwards, during which this “god of our idolatry” 
ranked as high among us as any poet ever did in any 
country, all the editors of his works, and each succes- 
sive English biographer, should have been contented 
with Mr. Rowe’s meagre and imperfect narrative ; are 
circumstances which cannot be contemplated without 
astonishment. 

The information which I have been able to collect 
on this: subject, even at this late day, however in- 
adequate to my wishes, having far exceeded my most 
sanguine expectation, the perusal of the following 
pages, while it will ascertain the numerous errors and 
inaccuracies which have been so long and so patiently 
endured, and transmitted from book to book, will, I 
trust, at the same time, show, in some small degree, 
what may be done in biographical researches, even at 
a remote period, by a. diligent and ardent spirit of in- 
quiry : it must, however, necessarily be accompanied 
with a deep, though unavailing regret, that the same 
ardour did not animate those who lived nearer our 
author’s time, whose inquiries could not fail to have 
been rewarded with a superior degree of success.. The 
negligence and inattention of our English. ‘writers, 
after the Restoration, to the history of the celebrated 
men who preceded them, can never be mentioned 


2 In 1790, the present writer endeavoured, in some degree, to 
supply the defects of Mr. Rowe's short narrative, by adding to it 
copious annotations. 


12 ' THE LIFE OF 


without surprise and indignation. If Suetonius and 
Plutarch had been equally incurious, some of the 
most valuable remains of the ancient world would 
have been lost to posterity. 


WitiiaM SHAKSPEARE was the son of John” 


Shakspeare, by Mary, the youngest daughter of 
Robert Arden*, of Wilmecote*, in the county of 
Warwick, Esquire, and Agnes Webb, his wife’. 


3 This family is of great antiquity in the county of Warwick. 
The woodland part of that county was anciently called Arderne, 
whence they derived their name. ‘‘ I learned at Warwike 
(says Leland), that the most part of the shire of Warwike that, 
; lyeth as Avon river descendeth, on the right hand or ripe of it? 
Z—~+~%--Li+4 igin Arden (for soe is [the] ancient name of that part of the 
jas 2 shire) ; and the ground in Arden is much enclosed, plentifull of 

“=== grasse, but not of corne. The other parte of Warwikeshire that 

* lyeth on the left hand or ripe of Avon river, much to the south, 

is for the most part champion, somewhat barren of wood, but 

b- plentifull of corne.” Itin. vol. iv. p. 2, fol. 166, a. So also Cam- 

den: ‘ Woodland trans Avonem ad septentriones expanditur 

spatio multo majori, tota nemoribus infessa, nec tamen sine pas- 

cuis, arvis, et variis ferri venis. Hec, ut hodie Woodland, id est, 

regio sylvestris, ita etiam Ardern antiquiori nomine olim dice- 

batur, verum eadem plane, ut existimo, significatione.. Ardern 

enim priscis Britannis et Gallis sylvam significasse videtur, cum 

in Gallia sylvam maximam Ardern, oppidum in Flandria juxta 

alteram sylvam Ardenburg, et celebratam illam Anglie sylvam 

vec. 13 ffa eacalo vocabulo Den nominari videamus. Ex hac Turkillus de 

Vn "Fin~’, Ardern, qui hie floruit magno honore sub Henrico primo 

ag 7G oe *[A. D. 1100], nomen assumpsit, et propago ejus admodum clara 

Tipe longe per Angliam succedentibus annis est diffusa.” Britan. 
Has £e—~F wy, BOL, edit. 1600. 

“aa Pen The original name, Arderne, was in process of time softened 

into Arden, anterior, as it should seem, to the forest of Den being 


: 
: WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 13 

: The name of Shakspeare, or Shake-speare, for 0,7... 4/4 
; without doubt, it was originally written, were we os ET 


Lo? 
An eae go Ph wht w 


thus denominated. Our ancestors were always extremely fond”~¢“~7 ““** 
of abbreviations (vocabula truncata), and seem to have had a 
peculiar aversion to the letter 7, which they very frequently omitted, 
by placing a line or stroke over the word as a mark of the abbre- 
viation. _Arderne being generally thus written [Ardene], the r 
was at length wholly omitted in writing and speaking. The 
i successive representatives of the family of Arden, however, ‘ac- 
; cording to the capricious modes of ancient spelling, were by no 
| means uniform in writing their names: some exhibiting it in one 
7 way, some in another. In Leland’s time, the name, we find, had 
te acquired the softer sound which we now give it: indeed, a century : 
{ before, if Fuller is correct, Robert Arden (not Ardern), Esq. 4. fe 24 (/ 
| of Bromwick, was returned in the list of the gentry of this county 
| by the commissioners appointed for that purpose in the twelfth 
\s ‘ year of King Henry VI. A. D. 1433. 
ia Many other names have undergone a similar change. Thus the 
name of. Nangle, in process of time became Nagle ; Grenville, 
became Greville ; the word Nursery, became Nurs'ey, &c. 
4 Usually pronounced Wincot. So, Mr. William Clapton, in 
his will, made May 9, 1521, devises Clapton and Wyncote to his 
executors till they shall have received 200 marks, as a marriage 
portion for Elizabeth his daughter. 
This village was formerly more considerable than it is at pre... 423/+/ 
sent, having had achurch, as appears by the Register of the 
Guild of the Holy Cross at Stratford. ‘* Raphe Couper, rector . hia : 
of the church at littell Wilmicote, was admitted into the brother- 
hood of the Gild, An°. Dni. 1408, x Henry iii.” fol. iii. b. 
The tithes of this rectory do not appear to have belonged to 
the Guild of the Holy Cross in the 22d year of Henry VIII. 
(1530); not being mentioned in the Rent-Roll of the Guild 
for that year, now among the archives of Stratford; but in the 
$7th of Henry VIII. according to a survey then made (Dug- 
dale’s Antiq. of Warw. p. 485), ‘‘ the lands and tenements ! 
of the Guild, with the tithes of Wylmyncote, certified to belong 
thereto, were valued at 50/. 23d. ob. per ann.” In a Rent-Roll, 


» 


14 THE LIFE OF 


regard etymology, might lead us to suppose that the 

founder of this family, in the tenth or eleventh cen- 

tury, before surnames became common, had, like 
uv. (-o. longue-espee, or Longsword, Earl of Salisbury °, dis- 
tinguished himself by military achievements, and 
thence obtained this designation ; but I know not 
that the history of other families of kindred denomi- 
nation, of the family of Spearepoint, in Stratford, 
or of Nicholas Breakspeare, better known by the title 
of Pope Adrian the Fourth, whose names denote a 
similar origin, would warrant such an hypothesis. 
It is, however, a very probable conjecture, and coun- 
tenanced by a learned antiquary, who was contempo- 


ety larkamom - 


Ed, VI. [1547], I find the tithes of Wilmecote were then let at 
20s. per. ann., and the total revenue of the guild was 49/. 
18s. 84d. 

Bob har fe 5 Agnes Webbe was a native’ of Bearley, a village about three | 

ee Rovnyeom ‘© miles from Wilmecote. In the proceedings of a court leet held 
at Stratford in April, 1558, I find the following entry: “ Raf 
Cawdrey for making a fray upon Alexander Web of Bereley, he 
stands amerced xiid.” 

From the will of Mrs. Arden, of which a more particular ac- 

count will be given hereafter, it appears that she was sister to 
Alexander Webbe, She survived her husband twenty-four years, 
as appears from the register of the parish of Aston Cantlow, in 
which, among the burials, is found—* 1580 The xxix" daye of 
Dec. was buried Agnes Arden, wyddow.” Christopher Arden 
was buried there August 8, 1581; and Elizabeth Arden March 
29, 1588: but I know not in what degree of relationship they 
stood to our poet’s grandfather. 

bev? oc. 1197: 6 William, Earl of Salisbury, a natural son of Henry II. by fair 

~ Coeur de Lien, acquired the title of Longue-espee, in consequence 

ne A of his gallant exploits at the siege of Messina, under our Richard 

Am A: pot the First, when he was on his way to the Holy Land. 


Bein At ey S Te te 
aga AN eFt~ Sy pangauaatrag 2 OS: PTET ad Pr? wey a eg 
CAGE AT- “hares 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 15 


rary with our author’, His townsmen, indeed, ap- 
pear to have paid no attention to the etymology of 
his name; but very soon after he became known to 
the literary world, its heroick and martial sound was 
recognized and alluded to in some encomiastick 
verses, of which even our poet had reason to be proud. 

Whatever may have been the origin of the name, 
the family of Shakspeare is of great antiquity in the 
county of Warwick, and was established long before 
our poet’s time, in the woodland part of it, princi- 


pally at Rowington® and Lapworth®; from which «4, 


7 “ Breakspear, Shakspear, and the lyke, have byn surnames 
imposed upon the first bearers of them, for valour and feates of 
armes,” Verstegan’s Restitution of Decayed Intelligence, Ato. 
1605, p. 294, See also Camden's Remaines, 4to. 1605, p. 111. 

Nicolas Breakspeare, as well as our poet, bore arms which 
have a reference to his name; a broken lance, &c. See his 


"arms accurately described in the Notes on N. Upton’s treatise De 


Militari Studio, p. 46. 

8 No information concerning the Shakspeares of Rowington 
during the fifteenth century, at which period, and probably long 
before, they flourished there, can be obtained from the register 
of that parish, the earliest register being lost, and the oldest book 
now extant commencing in 1639. But other documents fully as- 
certain what is stated in the text. 

** Will". Wethyford of the parish of Rownton in the county of 
Warwick,” made his will 31st March, 1564; and it was proved at 
Worcester, on the 25th of Feb, 1574. An inventory of his effects 
is annexed with the following title: 

«« This is the Inventorye of all and singular the goodes and cat- 


tel of Willm Wethyford of Rownton, latelye deceased, praysed by / fhe 


Jhon Benett, Rich*. Shakspere, Willi. Ley & Thomas Ley, the’ 


xiii day of September, 1564.” Bundle of Wills, sub an. 1574, in 
the Consistory Office at Worcester. 


From the will of John Shaxpere of Rowington, made the 
26th of June, 1574, it appears that he had two sons, and one 


ey eg 


16 THE LIFE OF 


places several of them branched out, and settled at 
Wroxall', Knowle”, Claverdon *, Warwick *, Balsal, 
Stratford, Hampton °*, and Snitterfield. 


daughter. To his son Thomas he bequeathed twenty pounds ; 

to his son George, his “ freeland called Madge Wattons ;” to his 

daughter Annis, fifteen marks, to be paid on the day of her mar- 

riage. The testator mentions a brother of the name of Nicholas. 

That part of the paper which contained an account of the probate, 

being torn off, and wanting, I know not when he died. Senne 
Wills, sub an. 1574, ut supra. 

George, the younger son of the above-mentioned John, died in 
1628 ; and by his will, made Jan. 30, 1627 [8], devised to his son 
Thomas, Madge Wattons, adjoining to Schrewle heath, in the pa- 
rish of Hatton, and after the death of his wife his copyhold in 
Rowington. Bundle of Wills in 1627, ut supra. 


Richard Shazsper, the elder, of Rowington, probably the person /. 


mentioned in the inventory annexed to the will of William Withy- 
ford, in 1564, made his will, Sept. 6. 1591. He had four sons; 
John, Roger, Thomas, and William. John was then married, 
and had three sons born, of which the eldest was Thomas. 
Richard Shaxper died between Sept. 1591, and March 81, 1592: 
his will having been proved on that day. Bundle of Wills, sub 
an. 1592, ut supra. 


From the Court Rolls of the manor of Rowington (from which /. 


I have been obligingly furnished with an extract by Mr. John - 


Payne, of Coventry, Attorney at Law), it appears that John 
Shakspeare, the eldest son of Richard above-mentioned, died in 


1609; and that Thomas Shakspeare was admitted to the Hill 


Farm as his son and heir. This Thomas, from his will, which was 


“made in 1614, appears to have been a mealman, or baker, and 


lived at Mouseley End, in Rowington. May 5, 1614, his widow 
was admitted in the Court Baron to her free-bench, and after- 
wards surrendered to her son John, who was then admitted ‘ac- 
cordingly. He died in- Feb. 1652-3, leaving two sons, William, 
who died in 1690, and John, who died in 1710. 

Another Richard Shaxper of Rowington, who is likewise styled 
the elder, died in April, 1614. His sons, as appears from his 
will, were William, Richard, Thomas, and John. Richard, the 
younger, had’ four sons then living, all minors; and William had 


™ 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 17 


Our poet’s family, says Mr. Rowe, “ as appears by 
the register and publick writings of Stratford, were of 


one son, named John, likewise a minor. Bundle of Wills, sub 
an. 1614, ut supra. Richard the elder having surrendered a mes- 
suage in Turner's End, or Church End, Rowington, to the use of 
his youngest son John (who was a weaver), after the death of 
himself and his wife Elizabeth, the eldest son, William, contested 
this disposition. From a bill filed by John against William, in 
May, 1616, and the answer of William in the same year, it appears 
that the copyhold and tenement above-mentioned had been pos- 
sessed by the father for fifty years. In Tur. Londin. Record 
Office, S. xiv. 57. 


“ In May, 1595, a bill was filed by Thomas Shackspeare, of Row- 


ington, yeoman, and Mary his wife, daughter and heir of William 
Mathew, deceased, against William Rogers. This Thomas claimed, 
in right of his wife, ‘‘a messuage and tenement with the appur- 
tenances in Rowington and Claredon, and of certain lands in. 
Hatton Schrewle, Rowington, and Pinley.” This bill contains. 
nothing else worth notice; and is only mentioned here, as ascer- 
taining the existence of such a person. Jn Tur. Lond. Record 


[| Offce, Ss. xi. 32. 


Various branches of the family of Shakspeare continued at 
Rowington, during the last and present century. The only per- 
son, as I have been informed, now remaining in that parish of the 
name of Shakspeare, is a person who keeps a publick house at a 
place called Pinley Green, the son of Thomas Shakspeare, black-. 


_ smith, who died in 1785. The Hill Farm, however, above-men- 
’ tioned, which descended from Richard Shakspeare who died in 


1592, was possessed by the late Mr. William Shakspeare, of 
Knowle Hall, who died in August, 1762, at the age of seventy-five, 
and, as I learn from Mr. John Payne, of Coventry, attorney-at- 
law, is now the property of Mr. John Edward Yarrow, the fifth in 
descent from Mary Shakspeare, grand-daughter of John Shak- 
speare, who, as we have already seen, died in 1609. 


9 It appears from the register of Lapworth, that William Hart 4 


and Alice Shakspeare were married there, October 15, 1564. We 


shall presently see that our poet's sister, Joan Shakspeare, married 
a William Hart, at Stratford, in or before 1599, who might have “ 


VOL: I. c 


fob 


18 : THE LIFE OF 


good figure and fashion there, and are mentioned as 
gentlemen.” But this statement is extremely in- 


been the son of William Hart, of Lapworth. There were, how- 
ever, Harts settled at Stratford early in the 16th century. 

Anne, the daughter of George Shakspeare, was baptized at 
Lapworth, Feb. 7, 1586. : 

Richard, the son of George Shakspeare and Elizabeth, his wife, 
was baptized there, Jan. 18, 1590. 

John Shakspeare and Mary Huett [Hewitt] were married there 
Feb. 16, 1617. 


Alice, the wife of John Shakspeare, was buried there, July 21, 
1624. 


' John Shakspeare and Mary Whiting were married there, Nov. 7, 
1638: 

Humphry Shakspeare, of Lapworth, was buried at Rowington, 
October 30, 1’729; and Sarah, his wife, was buried there some 
years before, October4, 1720, aged eighty-two. 

John Shakspeare died at Lapworth in 1637, and bequeathed 
two shillings a-year to the poor ot he parish for ever. 

In the Chirographer'’s Office I found a fine levied in 1603 by 
George Robins to Joseph Shakspeare, of Lapworth. 

* John Shaxper, of Wroxall, labourer, made his will, Dec. 17, 
1574, and died in Jan. 1574-5, leaving one son, named Edward. 
He mentions in his will his brother William; and his cousin 
Laurence Shaxper, of Balsal. Bundle of Wills, sub an. 1575, 
ut supra, 

William Shaxpeare, of Wroxall, husbandman, made his will 
April 17, 1609, and died some time before April 11, 1613, when it 
was proved at Worcester. He was probably a nephew to the 
preceding. Bundle of Wills, sub an. 1613, ut supra. 

2 The early register of the hamlet of Knowle is lost ; but there 
was in the present century a respectable family of the name of 
Shakspeare established at Knowle Hall. 

3 From the Chirographer’s Office I have been furnished with 
the following note of a fine levied Mich. 12 Jac. I. [1614.] 
** Warwickshire.—Between William Shakespeare and George 
Shakespeare, Pifs, and Thomas Spencer, Esq". Christopher 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 19. 


accurate and erroneous. From such a representation, 
it might naturally be supposed, that a long series of 
ancestors, all denominated gentlemen, might. be found 
in the archives of Stratford; but neither the parish- 
register, nor any other ancient document that I have 
met with there (and I have examined several hun- 
dred), furnishes the slightest notice of even his pater- _ 
nal grandfather ; nor is any one of the family styled, 
in the register, gentleman, except the poet himself, 
though his immediate ancestor, in consequence of the 
office which he held, ranked, during the last thirty 


Flecknoe and Thomas Tompson, Deforciants, of eight acres 
of pasture, with the appurtenants, in Claverdon, otherwise 
Clardon.” 

4 In the Rolls Chapel I found a deed enrolled, which was made 
in the 44th year of Queen Elizabeth [1601-2], conveying “ to 
Thomas Shakespeare of Warwick, yeoman, Sachbroke, alias 
ber Sachbroke in Com. Warr.” 

Thomas Shaxper, of Warwick, shoemaker, as appears by his will, 
in the registry of Worcester, died in 1577, possessed of the lord- 
ship of Balsal; leaving three sons, William, Thomas, and John, 4.; 4 fu. ht 
and one daughter, married to Francis Ley; another, Thomas “— Po wen 
Shakspeare,[perhaps the second son of the preceding, |made his 77". iar tz. 
will, Aug. 20, 1631, and died in 1632. By an inventory annexed ee 
to his will, his personal’ effects appear to have been worth 1500. “47? 7k Le poe 
3s, 6d. Bundle of Wills, sub an, 1632, ut supra. In 1619, when — 
the visitation of Warwick was made by Sampson Lennard and 
Augustin Vincent, deputies for William Camden, Thomas Shak- 
Speare was one of the burgesses of Warwick. He mentions his %. 7. 4. Head 
shop in his will; and I suspect that he was a butcher. A fine was/ 7 a - Ae. el | 
levied by one Thomas Shakspeare to Michael Lee, in Michael- ~ 7 
mas Term, 1608, of lands in Nuneaton, in the county of Warwick. | 

5 In the register of Stratford, we find that Elizabeth, the daugh- 
ter of Anthony Shakspeare, of Hampton, was baptized Feb. 10, 
1583-4. 

c 2 


20 THE LIFE OF 


years of his life, with the most respectable persons in 
that town, and was denominated by an honourable 
addition, being. styled, in the parochial register, 
Mayster Shakspeare. 

There is good ground for believing that John 
Shakspeare, the father of our great dramatick poet, 
was not originally of Stratford upon Avon. A very 
curious and well-preserved register is yet extant, 
which: formerly belonged to’ the gild of the Holy 
Cross at: Stratford, containing an account of all the 
masters, aldermen, procurators, brothers, _ and 
sisters of that gild, from the time of King Henry 
the Fourth to its dissolution, in the time of Edward 
the Sixth. In this ancient record, which I have care- 
fully examined, during the entire reigns of Henry 
the Seventh and Henry the Eighth, the name of 
Shakspeare does not once occur; though the names 
of most of the other families, which were of any con- 
sideration at Stratford in the time of Queen. Eliza- 
beth, are found there; such as Clopton, Quiney, 
Combe, Underhill, Lewes, Sadler, Smith, Trussel, 
Jefferies, Reynolds, Gilbert, Parsons, Rogers, Bole, 
Hunt, Hill, Whatley, Gibbes, Phillips, Roberts, 
&c. In another very ancient manuscript, commenc- 
ing with the reign of Henry the Eighth, in which the 
names of the wardens of the bridge of Stratford are 
preserved, antecedent to that town’s being incorpo- 
rated by King. Edward the Sixth, the name of Shak- 
speare no where appears; nor among the tenants of 
the lands belonging to the gild, whose names are 
enumerated in arent-roll, made in October, 1530, and 
also in the charter granted to this town-in 1553, 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 21 


amounting, I think, to seventy-one, does the name of 
any of our poet’s ancestors, at either period, occur: all 
which circumstances afford a strong confirmation of 
what I have suggested. In further support of this: 
conjecture, it may also be observed, that in Dethick 
Ie Camden’s grant of arms, in 1599, John Shak- 
speare is styled “ now of Stratford upon Avon; ” 
from which it may plausibly be inferred that his son, 
from whom they received their instructions, knew 
that he had not been originally of that town: but as 
the word now does not occur in the ne neg grant 
of 1596, and may have been formal’rather than sig-. F stow’ Y Mh te 
nificant, this argument, it must be owned, is not of < eee hs a” oe 
much force, though, connected with others, it may Z Gis BI ia a 
have some weight. 

The heralds, in their grant or confirmation of 
arms to John Shakspeare, in 1599, by omitting the 
Christian name of our poet’s mother, and writing, by 
mistake, Wellingcote, instead of Wilmecote, as the 
place of her father’s residence, involved the history of 
this family in great difficulty and confusion. In their 
former grant, indeed, in 1596, which I shall soon have 
occasion to mention, they were more accurate, and 
had rightly described the lady to whom mankind is so 
much indebted, as well as the place of her birth: a 
circumstance which has hitherto escaped the micro- 
scopick eye of the antiquary. Could any doubt still 
remain on this subject, it would be removed by the 
will of Robert Arden, our poet’s maternal grandfather, 

-which I discovered in the Consistory Office at Wor- 
cester, as well as by other ancient documents, which 
I shall hereafter have occasion to quote. . From this 


22 THE LIFE OF 


will, compared with that of his widow, preserved in 

the same office, we learn, that the mother of our poet 

was the youngest of, at least, four daughters, and was 

a fayourite of her father, being appointed one of his 

executors, in conjunction with her eldest sister, and 

in preference to his wife. The personal fortune of 

Mr. Arden, as appears from an inventory annexed to 

his will, amounted only to seventy-seven pounds, 

eleven shillings, and ten-pence. He had likewise, we 

find, some property in the neighbouring manor of 

Snitterfield ; and this circumstance, perhaps, was the 

occasion of John Shakspeare’s introduction to his 

daughter ; for there are some grounds for supposing 

that he had some relations settled at Snitterfield,a town 

about three miles from Stratford. From a declara- 

tion filed in the Bailiff’s Court, at Stratford, where 

b an action of debt was brought, by Nicholas Lane, 

against John Shakspeare (our poet’s father, I believe), 

in Hilary Term, 29 Eliz. [1587], it should seem 

that he had a brother of the name of Henry; and 

another paper, which I have also found among the 

archives of Stratford, informs us that Henry Shak- 
speare was of Snitterfield *, 

8 To the will of Christopher Smyth, otherwise Court, of Strat- 

ford upon Avon, made Nov. 2, 1586, and: proved at Stratford, 


Dec. 2. in the same year, is subjoined a list of ‘*. Debts due to the 
said Christopher.” 

** It. Henry Shakspere of Snytterfield oweth me vii, ixs.”’ 

It appears from the register of the parish of Snitterfield that 
Henry Shakspeare was buried there Dec. 29, 1596 ; and Marga- 
ret, his widow, was buried there a few weeks afterwards, Feb. 6, 
1596-7. “ 

~/ 242, wn.i~ ‘There was alsoa Thomas Shakspeare settled at Snitterfield’; 


An. Gi haw Som 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 23 


Mr. Arden had, without doubt, frequent occasion 
to visit Stratford °, it being a considerable market- 
town, and much better furnished with both the neces- 
saries and luxuries of life than Wilmecote. The: 
business of the law also, sometimes, led him there. 
In an: ancient manuscript, containing an account of 
the proceedings of the Bailiff’s Court, at Stratford, 
in the reigns of Philip and Mary, and Queen Eliza- 
beth, I find a memorial of a suit instituted by him for 


the small sum of four shillings’. John Shakspeare, ue te, 
evens ner 9Ke 
for John, the son of Thomas Shakspeare, was baptized there, 
March 10, 1581-2. 
Our poet’s grandfather might, however, have been originally of 
Ingon, in the parish of Hampton upon Avon, or as it was then 
called, Bishop Hampton ; for a Henry Shakspeare (whether the 
same person already mentioned, or another, does not appear,) lived 4: + ae 
at one time in that parish, the register of which contains the fole ~~/~* A= 


lowing entries : .* =~ Soe 
* 1582, June 10, Lettyce, the daughter of Henrye Shakespere, pager 

was baptized, Sf FE be, 
“1585, Oct. 15, Jeames the sonne of Henrye Shakespere was ~~” 

baptized. 


** 1589, Oct. 25, Jeames Shakspeare of Yngon was buried.” 

Henry Shakspeare might have lived at one time at Snitterfield, 
afterwards have moved to Ingon, and finally returned to Snitter- 
field. Ingon is in the parish of Hampton, but nearer to Snitter- 
fieldthan Hampton. It is observable that Mr. John Shakspeare, 
as we shall presently see, held a farm at Ingon; to which he 
might be attached either as the place of his nativity, or as being 
in the neighbourhood of Snitterfield, if he was born there. 

9 Though Great Wilmecote, in which Mr. Arden lived, is in the 4 
‘parish of Aston Cantlow, Little Wilmecote, which adjoins it, is 
in that of Stratford; and this circumstance, together with its 
vicinity to that town, for it is but two miles distant, necessarily 
occasioned some intercourse between these places. 

+ “Stratford 7 Cur. ibm. tent. vicesimo nono die Novembris, 

Cur. J primo anno regni die nostre Marie, &c. (1553.] 


24 ‘THE LIFE OF 


being, perhaps, originally: of Snitterfield, which is but 
two miles from Wilmecote, and three from Stratford, | 
found an easy introduction to his daughter; who, 
after the death of her father, must necessarily, as one 
of his executors, have had frequent occasion to visit 
Stratford, for the purpose of settling his affairs, and 
collecting such sums as were due to him at. the 
time of his death. 
~ Robert Arden, our poet’s maternal ghaandbathheaa 
died in December, 1556; and his youngest daugh- 
ter’s marriage certainly took place in the following 
year. Her portion, I find, from her father’s will, was 
a tract of land called Asbies, and the sum of six 
pounds, thirteen shillings, and four-pence. Of this 
land, I, for some timé in vain, endeavoured to ascer- 
tain the extent and value; no trace of the denomina- 
tion above-mentioned being, at present, to be found 
at Wilmecote. But a bill in Chancery, which I dis- 
covered in the Record Office, in the Tower, filed by 
our poet’s father, in November, 1597, against John 
| Lambert, son and heir of Edmond Lambert, of Bar- 
ton on the Heath, in the county of Warwick, to 
whom, in the year 1578, he had mortgaged the estate 
which he acquired by his wife, has furnished me with 
the precise amount of this property, the value of 
which turns out to have been, within a few pounds, 
what I had conjectured. It was an estate in fee ; and 
according to the acknowledgment of the son of the 
mortgagee in his answer, consisted of a messuage, one 


Johés Dyckson fatet. accion: quem Robertus Arderne de Wyl- 
mecot versus eum pros. sup. dem. iiijs. Id. fiat. leva, et concord, 
in cur. quod pecunia Pd. solut. fuerit citra prox. cur.” » Codex MS. 
in Camera Stratforden. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 25 


‘yard land? and four acres, shit Wilmecote;, but, from 

a fine levied by John and Mary Shakspeare, in 

Easter Term, 1579*, it appears, more particularly, 

that this estate consisted of fifty acres of arable land, 2..<-<—~ “= 
two acres of meadow, four acres of pasture, and com- Lanne Kom re 
mon of pasture for all manner of ‘cattle; the. house + $3.4 
at Wilmecote being probably let for forty shillings ii ee 
a-year (the usual rent of such a house at that time), 7° ““**~ 
this estate, though mortgaged only for the sum of forty 

pounds, may be estimated as fairly worth one hundred 

and four pounds, supposing the land to have been let 

at three shillings the acre, and the common rate: of 

purchase to have been at that time ten years; each of 

which suppositions I have reason to believe well 

founded. The fortune, therefore, on the whole, of 

Mary Arden, was, one hundred and ten pounds, thir- 

teen shillings, and four-pence. Let not this moderate 

portion be compared with the more ample fortunes of 

the present age. At that time such a sum was con- 
sidered a very good provision for a daughter, in a 

‘sphere of life much superior to that of our poet’s 

mother. Mr. William Clopton, a man of the greatest 

estate in the neighbourhood of. Stratford, whose 

manors comprehended several thousand acres, by his 


2-A yard land (virgata terre), from the Saxon gyrd land, varies 
much in different counties; in some containing twenty-five, in 
others thirty, in others forty acres. The yard land here mentioned, 
as will’ be shown hereafter, contained near fifty acres. In the: 
fields ‘of Old Stratford, where our poet's estate lay, a yard land 
contained only about twenty-seven acres. 

3 F, levet in Term. Pasch..20 Eliz. in Officio Finium juxta Me- 
-dium Templum. 


26 THE LIFE OF 


will, made in January, 1559-60, only three years after 
the period of which I am now treating, gave to his 
eldest daughter but one hundred pounds, and to his 
three younger daughters one hundred marks each, 
that is, sixty-six pounds, thirteen shillings, and four- 
pence*. I shall subjoin, in the Appendix, the will 
of our poet’s grandfather °, which has furnished me 


4 Will. of William Clopton, proved in Feb. 1589-60. In Off: 
Cur. Prerog. 

5 Having taken a journey to Worcester with the hope of finding 
this, and some other wills, that might throw a light on our au- 
thor’s history, 1 thought myself fortunate in meeting with the 
information which has just now been submitted to my readers ; 
but, according to a doctrine maintained in an anonymous work 
[The Pursuits of Literature], I ought rather to make an apology 
for taking up their time with such idle prible-prabble, worthy only 
of Sir Hugh Evans or Master Slender. A modern poet, not 
wholly without humour, among a great number of notes appended 
to his verses, of which the object is not very apparent, unless it 
were to show, that while he inveighs against the supposed folly 
and absurdity of those who have attempted to illustrate our great 
poet by their annotations, he can himself occasionally ‘‘out- 
herod Herod,” has the following sagacious remark: ‘““When I speak 
of rational men, it passes the bounds of all sagacity to divine by 
what species of refined absurdity the wills and testaments of actors 
could be raked up and published to illustrate Shakspeare. (See 
Malone’s edit. vol. ii. p. 186, &c. &c.) A critick for such an in- 
genious invention should be presented with the altum Sagane@ ca- 
liendrum, which would not easily fall from his head.—But Mr. M.. 
has redeemed this piece of folly by many valuable excellencies.’’ 

As in the course of the present work the reader will find several 
similar pieces of folly (if this be one) it may not be improper to 
say a word or two on this ‘subject én limine ; and, after acknow- 
ledging the courtesy of the concluding words above quoted, to ex- 
amine how far the preceding charge is well founded. ) 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 27 


with several of these facts, and the inventory that ‘ac- 
companied it, as a curious exhibition of the furniture 


It has been long since observed, that those who write should 
read. If this judicious, though much neglected document had 
been attended to by the writer of the paragraph above quoted, he 
would not have fallen into the manifest error, I will not say the 
refined absurdity, with which it is justly chargeable. He would 
have learned, in the first place, that the wills which he alludés. to, 
were not raked up [i. e. discovered with infinite difficulty and 
trouble], or published to illustrate Shakspeare, but the History 
of the Stage, and of the old actors who were fellow comedians with 
our great poet, which it is humbly conceived they in some small 
measure do; the number of the testator’s wives and children, the 
fortune which he acquired by his profession, with various other 
circumstances which are frequently furnished by his will, and the 
time of his death, which is generally nearly ascertained by the pro- 
bate, being, it is supposed, of some little consequence in the his- 
tory of his life. He next would have learned, that though the 
primary object of the publication of these wills was not, as he has 
erroneously supposed, to illustrate Shakspeare, they do in fact il- 
lastrate the works of this poet; if furnishing the means of 
ascertaining the genuine copy of an author's writings, and of dis- 
tinguishing it from spurious and adulterated editions of them, de- 
serves the name of illustration: he would have found from these 
wills, that the two'actors who were editors of the first complete 
collection of our author's plays in folio, were dead before the end 
of the year 1630, and thus he would have escaped the refined ab- 
surdity of asserting that two dead men “corrected the spurious 
edition ‘of those plays in 1632.” 

The truth, however, I believe, is, that when his satire was first 
published, this writer was an humble candidate to be employed by 
the booksellers of London, in continuing and ‘completing some of 
the great biographical works, which for many years past have heen 
given to the publick; the editors of which, however diligent or 
tespectable, seem to have thought, with this anonymous rhymer, 
that in ‘biographical researches it is quite unnecessary to examine 
a single manuscript in the British Museum, the Bodleian Library, 
or any other curious repository. ‘To open a parish register, or peruse 


28 “THE LIFE OF 


and other effects of a gentleman of moderate fortune 
in that-age °. 


SECTION II. 

From the loose language employed by Sir William 
Dethick and Camden, in their grants of arms to 
John Shakspeare, it might be supposed, and not with- 
out some reason, that one of his ancestors had been in 
the service of King Henry the Seventh, and had ob- 
tained from that frugal monarch some profitable grant. 


atomb-stone ora will, they seem to have held, with him, an abo- 
mination, and.an invasion of the sacred rights of the dead: the ge- 
nealogies of families preserved inthe College of Heralds, the curious 
notices furnished by the patent and clause rolls, by dormant privy 
seals, by the Signet, Auditors, and Chirographer's Office, and by the 
inquisitions taken post mortem, which, from the time of Richard the 
Third, are preserved in the Chapel of the Rolls (as those an- 
tecedent are in the Tower), appear to have been equally objects of 
their aversion ; and the Record Office in the same ancient re-_ 
pository,:and the dlack-book in the Exchequer, they, without 
' doubt, concurred with him in considering as appropriated only to 
‘the use of those who profess the black art, and are worthy of an 
altum Sagane caliendrum. ‘‘Wouldyou wish for better sympathy?” 
From the. specimen above given by this judicious, and_ well-in- 
Jormed critick, it is manifest that he is admirably suited to the li- 
terary employment to which he seems to have aspired: and by sub- 
joining to the old inaccurate and imperfect lives of our illustrious 
men, copious extracts from modern editions of their works (which 
arein every one’s hands), embellished with a few college jokes and 
that kind of merriment Dr. Johnson has so pointedly described, 
(Boswell’s Life of Johnson, vol. i.) I have no doubt he will be able 
very speedily to furnish his employers with a trim volume of bio- 
graphy perfectly free from any ingenious invention, without a single 
will, or deed, or anecdote, or any curious or valuable information 
whatsoever. 
© See the Appendix. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 29 


In the confirmation of arms in 1596, this ancestor is /,.,.. 
only said to have been advanced and rewarded; but 
in the subsequent confirmation, the nature of the be- 
nefit. is specifically mentioned, and we are told, that 
he was rewarded “ with lands and tenements given to 
him in those parts of Warwickshire where he and his 
| successors. had continued, by some descents, in’ good 
V reputation and credit.” If such a grant had been 
made by King Henry the Seventh to any of John 
Shakspeare's lineal ancestors” (for which of them was”_% x... . 
in the’ contemplation of the heralds, whether his 7.2727 
grandfather, or a more remote: progenitor, it is not 4 ne Ack 7 a2 
easy to ascertain’), the first. question that may be Ey. oe 
asked is, how came John Shakspeare, or at least some ~ 
one of his name, not to be in possession of those lands 
when these armorial ensigns were a second time assigned 
to him? Supposing the lands and tenements thus 
granted, to have been forfeited, or otherwise alienated, 
by the family, yet still the original record of the do- 
nation would not have been annihilated, but would 
indubitably have: appeared on the patent. rolls; and Z ,.-« Lb 
few hharveivca aA hha 
7 The first grant of arms to John Shakspeare was made by pple z pe a 
Robert Cooke, Clarencius, in 1569 or 1570; but it is not now Hap x ZB: Spry oe 


tare sb ~~ aey : nN 


extant in the Herald's Office. A book of grants of arms made * A npn nok A 
by this herald to. persons living in the county of Warwick, is, “~ carrey wae 
however, probably somewhere extant, for it was formerly, aad, A 4 ee 
learn from one of Antony Wood's Manuscripts, in Ashmole’s 
Museum, in the possession of Ralph Sheldon, of Weston, in 
Warwickshire, Esq. 
Of the second grant made, by Sir William’ Dethick, in 1596, 
there are two drafts in the Herald’s Office, Vincent, 157, n. 23 
and 24; the latter of which is much mutilated, a considerable 
part of the sheet having been torn off. The more perfect of the 
two may be found inthe Appendix. 4 °* 


30 THE LIFE OF 


no trace of it being there to be found, after a very 
careful examination, in the Chapel of the Rolls, dur- 
ing the whole reign of Henry the SevEnth, it is abso- 
lutely certain, that no such favour was ever conferred 
by that’ King on any person of the name of Shak- 
speare. ‘The heralds, however, were not entirely 
unfounded in what they have asserted. It has already 
been mentioned, that our poet’s mother was the daugh- 
ter of Mr. Robert Arden, of Wilmecote, near Strat- 
ford; and I have no doubt, that one of his ancestors 
was the person denoted by the vague words in ques- 
tion, though the lands granted to him did not lie, 
as they supposed, in the county of Warwick. In the 
age of Queen Elizabeth, and indeed down to the 
last century, it was customary (a custom not “yet 
wholly disused) to denominate by the same appella- 
tion, relations equally near, whether the relationship 
arose from consanguinity or affinity. Thus, John 
Shakspeare, if he had occasion to speak of his wife’s 
grandfather, or great grandfather, would certainly 
have called him his grandfather, or great grandfather ; 
his wife’s uncle, or even grand-uncle, he would have 
called his uncle; and a still more remote relation, the 
wife of such grand-uncle, he would have called aunt. 
Edward Alleyn, the player, constantly styles Philip 
Henslowe his father, though he was not even his 
step-father *, being only second husband to the mo- 
ther of Alleyn’s wife. In like manner, Thomas 
Nashe, who married Elizabeth Hall, our poet’s grand- 
daughter, calls Mrs. Hall, in his last will, his mother ; 
and if he had had occasion to speak of our poet, he 


8 He was only his wife’s step-father. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. ‘31 


‘unquestionably would have called him his grand- 
father ®. Viewing the assertion made by the heralds 


9 So, also, Sir John Hubaud, of Idlicote, in Warwickshire, in his 
“will, made in. 1583, constitutes his cousin George Digby, his brother 
_John Egeock, and his servant Richard Clark, his executors ; and 
Edward Coombe, in 1597, makes Christopher Hales, who-had mar- 
‘ried his sister, and whom he calls his brother, one of his executors. 
The appellations, father-in-law, and son-in-law, seldom occurin that 
.age. So fond were our ancestors of extending the circle of relations, 
that they frequently considered a mere connection as a ground of 
this kind of designation: thus Philip Henslowe was, in fact, no rela- 
tion whatsoever of Edward Alleyn, though he constantly called 
him son. Bishop Hall, in the Dedication of his Quo Vadis, in 
1617, addressing Lord Denny, calls Lord Hay his noble son, in 
consequence of his having married Lord Denny's daughter; and 
Bayle, taking Hall's words in a literal sense, supposed Lord Denny 
to be actually father to Lord Hay. See Gen. Dict. v. 716, note H. 
So Lord Strafford, in 1637, writing to the mother of his first wife, 
styles himself her obedient son (Straff. Lett. ii, 123): and our 
‘author, in Julius Cesar, styles Cassius the brother of Brutus, 
‘though, in truth, only his brother-in-law. The term, indeed, of 
son-in-law, or brother-in-law, rarely occurs in that age, At a 
subsequent period, Oliver Cromwell, and Waller, the poet, called 
each other cousins, only because John Hampden was cousin to 
them both. 

With respect to the relations of a wife, the husband always ad- 
dressed them, and spoke of them, as standing in the same degree 
of relationship to him, Thus Thomas Killigrew dedicates his 

_ play, entitled The Princess, to bis dear niece the Lady Anne 
Wentworth, who was in truth only his wife's niece. 

It was the constant custom in old times, and the practice is not 
-wholly disused, for a nephew to call his great uncle, only uncle ; 
‘and the wife’s grandfather and grandmother werealways considered 
and called the grandfather and grandmother of the husband ; 
with equal laxity, grandmothers denominated a grandson by the 
nearer appellation of son. So Joan, Lady Abervagenny, in her 
will in 1436, calls Sir James Ormond her son, though he was in 
fact her grandson. From these usages it is clear, that the inter- 


32 _. THE LIFE OF 


in this light, all the difficulty vanishes ; for the father 
of that Robert Arden, whose daughter John Shak- 
speare married, or, in other words, the grandfather of 
Mary Shakspeare, who, according to the usage above- 
mentioned, was popularly called the grandfather of 
John Shakspeare also, had been very highly distin- 
guished and rewarded by King Henry the Seventh, 
as the heralds rightly state the matter, in general 
terms, in their first draft in 1596'. Sir John Arden, 


pretation given in the text, of the ambiguous words in the grant 
of the heralds to our poet, is by no means fanciful or far-fetched. 

I may add, that a similar error to that, which I believe has 
prevailed for near a century, of supposing Shakspeare to be de- 
scended from a paternal ancestor who had been rewarded with a 
royal grant of lands, instead of a maternal one, has happened in 
the case of Oliver Cromwell, who was thought by many to 
be descended from Cromwell, Earl of Essex ; because forsooth 
his wife was descended from a nobleman with that title; not 
indeed Thomas Cromwell, but William Bourchier, Earl of Essex , 
See Dugdale’s Bar. ii. 132. 


1 In their subsequent grant, indeed, in 1599, they have deviated 


from their original statement, and added that he was rewarded 
with a grant of lands in Warwickshire, which we shall’ presently 
see was not the fact. But this slight inaccuracy in the latter in- 
strument cannot affect the present hypothesis, when we recollect, 
that, after having rightly stated, in the grant of 1596, the degree 
of his relationship to John Shakspeare (grandfather), his son's 
place of residence, ‘‘ Wilmecote,” and his grand-daughter’s 
Christian name (Mary), they, in two of these particulars in their 
grant of 1599, are inaccurate; and the third, they have wholly 
omitted. I may add, that grants of lands in Warwickshire having 
been made by King Henry the Eighth to the elder branch of 
Robert Arden’s family (see p. 38, n. 9), the heralds being in- 
structed that Henry the Seventh had been equally liberal to one 
of the younger branches, might have taken it for granted that the 
lands conferred on him were in that county, where his family had 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 33 


the elder brother of our Robert’s grandfather, was 
Squire for the body to that king®; the duty of which...’ 


long resided ; and as they express it, ‘‘ had continued by some 

descents in good reputation and credit.” Heralds, when once they 

were satisfied that there was a sufficient ground for granting the 

arms which were claimed, were not very rigid in examining into 

the title-deeds of men's estates. 

2 Dugdale’s Antiq. of Warwickshire, p. 653, edit. 1656. For 

this assertion he only quotes Holgrave, qu. 19, by which is meant 

the nineteenth quire of the book so denominated in the Prerogative 

Office ; but in that quire there is no will of any person of the 

name of Arden. I suppose, therefore, that in the will of some 

other person contained in the quire cited, Sir John Arden is men- 

tioned (probably as one of the feoffees in some feofment), and 

is described as Squire for the body to King Henry the Seventh; 

but the laxity of this reference prevents me from furnishing my 

readers with the words alluded to by Dugdale. A passage, how- 

ever, in Sir John Arden’s will, which is in the Prerogative 

Office (Parch. qu. 8), proves that he was frequently honoured by 

the visits of the King, whom he probably attended in Bosworth 4; 5. 

field. By’ his will, which was made on the 4th of June, 1526 ~~ 

(not 1525, as Dugdale has it), he gives to his son Thomas, as 

“heire lomys and to remayne in the maner of the Loge from 

heire to heire, a standing cup with a cover well gilt, and the 

best salt with a cover.” He likewise bequeaths to him “a paire 

of swannys, breedyfig in the mote; a great pott with a great paire 

of gobbards; a great broch; a paire of andyrons for the hall; a 

folding table with the kerven cupbord ; the bedde in the king's <7. our: : 

chamber with all that belongeth of the best, with a hanging of the 5" 

same, rede and grene.” To his son John, “a gowne furred with 4? *>-~~—~-.7-7" 
_foye, a blak gowne furred with booge, a blak velvet doublet; — 4 ~~-~-- ©; 

his “‘ best hose, the secunde salt with a cover, the secunde ¥ seMcs ref atm 

wayne, two oxen, an oxe-harrowe, with the hole tynys, two can- ee Pred 

dlesticks, a better and a worse.” ‘To his wife Elizabeth, “all 2. <--~ a 

the goods that she brought, both here and at the Holt.” Of his 

brother Robert, who is one of the witnesses to his will, he thus 

speaks: “‘Item, I will that my brothers, Thomas, Martin, and 


VOL, II. D 


34 THE LIFE OF 


office, requiring a personal attendance on his sovereign 
both by day and night, accompanied with a constant 
familiar intercourse *, he necessarily had frequent op- 


Robert, have their fees during their lives.” This will was proved, 
June 27, 1526; and it appears from the Office found after the 
' death of the testator, that he died on the day on which his will 
{was made. Esc. 18 Hen. VIII. p.1, n. 9. Dugdale was unac- 
quainted with the exact time of his death. 

3 See a manuscript in the Herald’s Office, M. 7, entitled “ The 
Services of Divers Officers of the Courte,” one part of which was 
written in the time of King Henry VII. another in the ‘18th 
year of Henry VIII. 


“ As for the Squyers for the body, they ought to aray the kyng © 


and unaray, and no man else to sett hand on the kyng, and the 

eman or grome of the robes to take to the Squyer for the body 
all the kyngs stuffe, as well his shone as his other gere. 
And the Squyer for the body to draw theym on. And the 
Squyer for the body aught to take the charge of the cupborde 
for all nyght ; and if please the kyng to have a palett abowt his 
traverse for all night, there must be two Squyers for the body, or 
ells one knyght for the body; or els to lye in their owne chambers. 
And the usher must kepe the chamber dore untill the kyng be in 
bedd: and to be thereat on the morowe at the kyngs uprysyng: 
and the usher must see that the watche be sett, and to know of 
the kyng where they shall watche.” P. 33, verso. 

** Item, a Squyer for the body or gentleman huisher pein to 
sett the kyngs sworde at his bedd hed. 

‘<Item, a Squyer for the body owght to charge a secret grome or 
page to have the kepyng of the said bedd, with a light until the 
tyme the kyng be disposed to go unto hit.” Ibid. p. 20, verso, 

** At dinner (says a late writer on the nature and duty of this 


-office), there was another office to be performed by the esquire ; - 


for the ordinances of King Henry VII. tell us, that one of the 
esquires of the body is to be ready and obedient at dinner and 
supper, to serve the king of his pottage at such time as he shall 
be commanded by the sewer and gentleman usher. 

«* Though we have now left the king in his privy chamber, and 
in the hands of the servants of that department, yet we must not 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 35 


portunities of ingratiating himself with his master, 
and a ready access to the royal favour.. He died 


entirely dismiss the esquire ; for Sir H. Spelman says, that when 
the king went out, the office of the esquire was to follow him and 
carry the cloak. 

“ Thus much for the office of the esquire of the body by day ; 
but the principal, most essential, and most honourable part of his 
duty was at night; for when the king retired to bed, the esquire 
had the concentrated power of the gentleman ushers, the vice 
chamberlain, and lord chamberlain, in himself; having the abso- 
lute command of the house both above and below stairs. At 
this period [the reign of King Henry VIII.], and till the close of 
the last century, the royal apartments, from the bedchamber to 
the guard-chamber inclusively, were occupied in the night by 
one or more of the servants belonging to each chamber respec- 
tively. The principal officer, then the gentleman, now the lord 

_of the bedchamber, slept in a pallet bed in the same room with 
the king; and in the ante-room between the privy chamber and 
the bedchamber (in the reign of King Charles II. at least) slept 
the groom of the bedchamber. In the privy chamber next ad- 
joining, slept two of the six gentlemen of the privy chamber in 
(waiting ; and in the presence chamber, the esquire of the body 
ona pallet bed, upon the haut pas, under the cloth of estate ; 
while one of the pages of the presence chamber slept in the same 
room, without the verge of the canopy, not far from the door. 
_All these temporary beds were put up at night, and displaced in 
_the morning, by the officers of a particular branch of the won; 
robe, called the wardrobe of beds. 

** After supper, previous to the king’s retiring to his bed- 

_ chamber, the proper officers were to see all things furnished for 
the night, some for the king’s bedchamber, and others for the 
king’s cup-board, which was sometimes in the privy chamber, 

_ and sometimes in the presence chamber, at the royal pleasure, 
and furnished with refections for the king’s refreshment, if called 
for. After this, the officers of the day retired, and committed all 

_ tothe charge of the esquire of the body. This domestick cere- 
mony was called the Order of Al/ Night!; the nature of which I 
shall now give at large from an account preserved in the Lord 

D 2 


44 


36° THE LIFE OF 
June 4, 1526, in the eighteenth year of the reign of 


King Henry the Eighth. Of his five brothers, we 


are only concerned with Robert, who was living in 
1526, being a witness to John’s will. I find by an 
inquisition taken after the death of Sir John Arden, 
that his eldest son, Thomas, was then forty years old, 
and upwards *; and consequently he must have been 
born in or before the year 1484. His father indeed 
was married eleven years before, but probably when, 
he was not above eighteen, his wife’s father having, 
for the sake of his fortune, inveigled him into a mar 
riage in’his minority, a practice at that time extremely 
common. If we suppose Sir John Arden’s brother, 
Robert (who must have been near three years younger 
than he, two other children having intervened between 
them), to have married in 1484, he might have been, 
and probably was, the father of that Robert Arden, 
of whom neither Dugdale, nor any of our other antiqua- 
| ries, seem to have had any knowledge ; who was groom 
\ or page of the bedchamber to King Henry the Seventh; 


Chamberlain's Office. The writer, who was himself an esquire 
of the body to two successive kings, goes circumstantially through 
the whole of the esquire’s business of the night ; from whence it 
will appear, that even so lately as the middle of the last century, 
the office was of so confidential a nature, that no despatch, 
letter, or message, could be communicated to the king in the 
night, but what was brought to the esquire on duty, and by him 
carried in proprid person to the king.” 

For a more particular account of this ancient office, which 
finally expired in the time of King William (1694), and the 
ceremony called the Order of All Night, see Curialie, or an 
Historical Account of some Branches of the Royal Household, by 
Samuel Pegge, Esq. Part I. 4to. 1782. 

4 Esc. 18 Hen. VIII. p. 1, n. 97. 

5 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 37 


and appears to have been a favourite of his sovereign, 
having been highly distinguished and rewarded by him. 
In the seventeenth year of his teign (Feb. 22, 1502), 
perhaps by the interest of Sir John his uncle, who, it 
may be supposed, placed him about the King *, he was 
constituted keeper of the royal park called Aldercar § ; 
and in the following September, bailiff of the ida 
ship of Codnore, and keeper of the park there. 
About five years afterwards, in September; 1507, two 
. years before the King’s death, at which time, having 
probably attained his twenty-second year, he is no 
_ longer styled unus garcionum camera, he obtained a 
lease from the crown of the manor of Yoxsall, in the 
county of Stafford, for twenty-one years’; which, 


—— 


5 That Robert, the nephew of Sir John Arden, was placed in 
this situation originally by the favour of his uncle, is extremely 
probable, from the nature of the duty of a groom or page of the 
King’s chamber, who attended on certain occasions on the squire 
for the body, as that officer did on the King. See a manuscript 
in the Herald's Office, already quoted, M.7, p. 19: 

- “The Rome and service belonging toa Page of the kyngs 
Chamber to doo. 

' Ttem, the said Pageis at nyght, at season convenyent, must 
make the payletts for knyghts and sqguyers for the body, in suche 
a chamber as they shalbe appoynted unto. 

“Item, the said pageis shall doo make redy the said knyghts and 
Squyers for the body, and bere theyr gere to the kyngs great 
chamber at the instaunce of the said knyghts and squyers to 
theirservaunts: And the said pageis to receive of the said knyghts 
and squyers servaunts such nyght gere as they shall delyver theym 
for their said maistres. Thus don, the said pageis to make sure 
the fyers and lights in every chamber, and so to make their 
paylet at the chamber dore where the said knyghts and Squyers 
do lye.” 

6 See Appendix. _ 7 See Appendix. 


38 THE LIFE OF 


were we obliged to rely on conjecture only, might be 
presumed to have been a very valuable grant, as the 
annual rent stipulated to be paid to the King was 
forty-two pounds, a considerable sum at that time ; 
which yet had certainly a very small relation to the 
real yearly value of the manor. Concerning its extent 
and value, however, I am not under the necessity of 
having recourse to conjecture; for by an inquisition 
taken many years afterwards, in the thirty-third year 
of Queen Elizabeth (1591), it appears that this manor 
contained above four thousand six hundred acres *. 
As Thomas Arden °, cousin-german to Robert, the 


8 By an inquisition taken October 4, 33 Eliz. [1591], after 
the death of Sir William Holles, who died at Haughton, in the 
county of Nottingham, on the 26th of the preceding January, it 
was found, that he died possessed (inter alia) of the manor of 
Yoxall, with all its appurtenances, in the county of Stafford, 
comprising forty messuages, twenty cottages, one water-mill, two 
pigeon-houses, forty gardens, forty orchards, two thousand three 
hundred acres of meadow, one thousand acres of pasture, one 
hundred acres of wood, forty acres of furze and heath, two hun- 
dred acres of marsh, with a rent of ten pounds a year; and that 
the whole manor was worth annually forty pounds and ten-pence 
{the rent reserved to the crown in the grant under which Sir 
William Holles held]. Esc. 33-Eliz. p. 1, n. 122, 

9 Beside the distinction which was shown by King Henry the 
Seventh to Sir John Arden, who, we have seen, was one of the 
squires for his body, and the lucrative grant to our poet’s great 
grandfather, Robert Arden, the groom of the chamber; it should 

| be noticed that Thomas Arden, the eldest son of Sir John, and 
" cousin-german of Robert, obtained a grant of the manor of 
\ Brerewood Hall, and the rectory of Curdworth, in the county of 
~ Warwick (Esc. 5 Eliz. p. 1, n. 2); and though this grant was 


made by Henry the Eighth in the thirty-first year of his reign “74° 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 39 
groom of the bedchamber, and nearly of the same age, 


married in the year 1508, we may reasonably suppose — 


that Robert also became a father about that time, 
perhaps in 1510, when he appears to have been twenty- 
five years old ; and if his son Robert, the father of our 
poet’s mother, who settled at Wilmecote, near Strat- 
ford, married Agnes Webbe in 1535, at the age of 
twenty-four, then his fourth daughter, Mary, was pro- 
bably born in 1539, and was about eighteen years old 
in 1557, when she became the wife of John Shak- 
speare.. In tracing these descents, I have been the 
nore minute, because they are wholly omitted by 
Dugdale in his pedigree of the Arden family, in 
which he has mentioned the first Robert, brother to 
Sir John, without noticing any of his posterity: an 
omission for which he is not answerable ; for to have 
enumerated all the minor branches of each family, and 
their pedigree, would have been needless labour. 
For the existence of all the persons above-mentioned, 
as our poet’s maternal ancestors, I have unquestionable 
authority; for the progress of their respective descents, 
conjecture only ; but conjecture strongly confirmed by 
the corresponding marriages and deaths of the colla- 
teral branches of this family, as may appear by in- 


specting the genealogical table inserted in the Appen-_ - 


_ dix, From that table it may be seen, that our poet’s 

“maternal grandfather, whose will has been already 
noticed, was cousin-german to William Arden, heir 
apparent to Thomas, the owner of the great estate of 


(1539), it also might have been in the contemplation of the 
heralds, or rather of those from whom they received their in- 
structions, who might not have minutely attended to the date. 


wr 


40 '» THE LIFE OF 


Park Hall and Curdworth; which William died: in 

June, 1544; and that our poet’s mother, Mary Shak- 

speare, was third cousin to Edward Arden, who. be- 

came possessed of that estate in 1563, was Sheriff of 

the county of Warwick in 1568, and by the artifices 

of Robert Earl of Leicester was attainted and exe- 

cuted in 1584'. Leland, who composed his Itinerary 

between the years 1536 and 1542, mentions that 

a , Arden of the court was a younger brother “to Arden - 
a iy ao ae the heir*. The principal representative of the Arden 
ana 7 A family, in Leland’s time, was Thomas Arden, already. 
BMT: ry ie noticed, who succeeded to his father’s estate in 1526, 
ona eA and died in 1561. His only brother, John, was not, as 
far as I haye been able to learn, preferred at court: 

The person about the court was probably either 
Robert, the quondam groom of the chamber, who, 

when Leland wrote, was above fifty years of age, and 
having once set his foot on the ladder of promotion, 

in the time of Henry the Seventh, might have conti- 

nued. to ascend it in the reign of his successor ; or his 

ey, 4 4. son Robert, our poet’s maternal grandfather, who was 
Sofft ai" then, T believe, about twenty-seven or twenty-eight 
yet-—* years old. In the multitude of facts and places no- 
ticed by Leland, he might easily have mistaken the 
younger branch, for the younger brother of this fa- 
mily. Supposing, however, the historian to have been 
perfectly correct, and that John Arden, the brother of 
Thomas, was the person in his contemplation, that 


* An account of the extremely hard usage which this gentleman 
_ received from Leicester, may be found in Peck’s Desid. Cur. 
\ 4tto. p. 579. 

4 Itin. vi. 20. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 41 


circumstance would not at all militate against the 
present hypothesis. 

As the concession of arms obtained from the Col- 
lege of Heralds, by John Shakspeare, in 1569 ot 
1570, entitled his son to the honourable distinction of 
armorial ensigns, a privilege which, however little es- 
timated at present, was in that age considered as very 
valuable and important, it may appear strange, that 
our poet (for the application, without doubt, came from 
him, though his father’s name was used) should at a 
subsequent period, near thirty years afterwards, again 
apply to them on the same subject. The solution, I 
think, is, that, finding himself now rising into conse- 
quence (which we shall hereafter see was the case), 
and having acquired some wealth, he wished to derive 
honour to himself and his posterity, in consequence of 
his descent from the ancient and opulent house of 
Arden. Hence that descent is carefully noticed in 
the draft of 1596; and, to enable him and his poste- 
rity to impale the arms of Arden with his own, seems 
to have been the principal object of that confirma- 
tion *, or exemplification of arms, which was granted 
by Camden and Sir William Dethick, in 1599: cir- 
cumstances which appear to me to add great strength 
to the interpretation of the ambiguous words in these 
grants, which has been already given. 


_ 3 These arms have not hitherto been discovered thus impaled ; 
they might, notwithstanding, have been thus impaled in aring or 
seal used by our poet, and now lost; or this might have been his 
object in 1596 and.1599, and that object have been afterwards 
neglected. 


42 _ THE LIFE OF 


Sites 
att 


SECTION ITI. 

The town of Stratford upon Avon having, as Dug- 
dale observes, had the good fortune to give birth and 
sepulture to our great dramatick poet, and his father 
having been a member of the corporation, and attained 
to the highest honours which it can confer, it may not 
be improper, before we proceed further, to takea tran~. 
sient view of its history and constitution. 

Stratford, or Stretford as it was anciently called, 
deriving its name from the ford, or passage there, 
over the Avon, on the great street or road, leading. 
from Henley in Arden to London, can boast a very. 
high antiquity; being mentioned in a charter of 
Egwin Bishop of Worcester, to whom it belonged, ‘ 
shove, three hundred years before the Norman inva- 
sion *, It continued to be possessed by the Bishops 
of Worcester, who. had formerly a palace there *, and 
under whom a court leet was held there twice 
a-year*, till it was passed away by Nicholas Heath, 


3 Dugdale’s Antiq. of Warwicksh. p. 475, edit. 1656. 

¢ “*Necnon de uno burgagio jacen. in strata vocat. Church 
strete‘in Stratford predict. in quo Johes Ashurste modo inhabitat 
uno capite inde abuttan. versus Episcopum Wigorn. ex parte 
occidentali, et alio capite inde abuttan. versus Johem Hubaude 
ex partie orientali: necnon de alio burgagio jacen. in Church 
strete, in quo Johes Boleyn modo inhabitat, uno capite inde 
abuttan. versus Dom. Episcopum Wigorn, ex parte occidentali, 
et alio capite inde abuttan. versus viam regiam vocat. Church 
Strete.” Esc, 13 Hen. VIII. p. uniea, n. 140. 

5 This appears from a loose paper which 1 found in the chamber 
of Stratford, containing the proceedings of a court leet in the 
time of Henry VIIL. 


7 


am 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 43 


Bishop of that diocese, in the third year of King Ed- 
ward the Sixth [1549], to John Dudley, Earl of 
Warwick (afterwards Duke of Northumberland °), 
who in the same year parted with it to the King, for 
certain lands in Oxfordshire’, and by another ex- 
change recovered it again, in the seventh year of the 
same King’s reign *. On the attainder of the Duke 
of Northumberland (1 Mary, 1554), this town, by the 
name of the manor of Old Stratford, was granted by 
the Queen, to Joan his duchess ® ; but in the third and 
fourth year of Philip and Mary, as Dugdale has ob- 
served, a new grant of it was made (Nov. 10, 1556) to 
the hospital of the Savoy in the suburbs of London’. 
The learned, and generally most accurate writer 
above-mentioned, has not traced the property of this 
manor further: but if he had looked a little lower on 
the same roll, he would have found that this grant to 
the hospital of the Savoy (which had been founded 
by King Henry the Seventh; afterwards, with other 
eleemosynary institutions, dissolved by his son; and 
again re-established by letters patent, dated 3 Nov. 
3 and 4 Ph. and Mary), he would have found, I say, 
that this grant, made seven days after the re-establish- 
ment of that hospital, was vacated in the following 
year, the Master and Chaplains of the Savoy on the 


« Stratf. Cur. vis fran. pleg. cum cur. dni Johs gracia Dei Episc. 
Wigorn. ibid. tent. quarto die mensis Octobris anno regni Hen- 
rici octavi, &c. tricesimo tertio,” [1542], &c. 

. 6 Pat. 3 Ed. VI. p. 3. 7 Ibid. p. 9. 
8 Pat. 7 Ed. VI. p. 8. 9 Pat, 1 Mar. p. 5. 
13 &4 Ph. & Mar. p. 12. 


44 THE LIFE OF 


12th of May, 1557 (4 and 5 Philip and Mary), hav- 
ing come into Chancery and surrendered the said 
letters patent; and accordingly the grant was can- 
celled on the roll. In the year 1562 (April 6), this 
manor, with all its. rights, members, and appurte- 
nances, was granted by Queen Elizabeth to Ambrose 
Dudléy, Earl of Warwick (eldest son of the late 
John, Duke of Northumberland), and the heirs male 
' of his body, and for want of such issue, to his brother 
_ Robert Dudley (afterwards Earl of Leicester), and 
. the heirs male of his body. By these letters patent, 
also, the site and capital mansion of the late college 
of Stratford (of which institution some account will be 
given hereafter) was granted to the Earl of Warwick, 
together with all houses, edifices, barns, stables, dove- 
houses, orchards, &c. within the circuit and precincts 
of the same site, or thereto appertaining (then, or 
late in the occupation of John Combes), late parcel of 
the possessions of the late aforesaid Duke of Northum- 
berland®.. The Earl of Warwick, who was one of 
the most amiable and respected characters of that age, 
and a perfect contrast to his brother, the Earl of Lei- 
eester, dying in Feb. 1589-90, without issue, and his 
brother, who deceased about eighteen. months before, 
haying also died without lawful issue, a new grant 
of this manor in fee was made 33 Eliz. (Jan. 27, 
1590-91), to Henry Best and John Wells *, who 
afterwards sold it to Lodowick, the father of Sir Ed- 
ward Grevil, of Milcot, knight, from whom it was pur- 
chased, some time, as I imagine, between the years 


2 Pat, 4 Eliz, p. 4 3 Pat. 33 Eliz. p. 3. 


ait 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 45 


1620 and 1630, by Lionel Cranfield, Earl of Middle- 
sex, ancestor of the present Duke of Dorset, in wien 
possession it remains at this day. 

- Of the college above-mentioned it is only necessary 
to say here, that John de Stratford, a native of 
this town, and Bishop of Winchester, in the fifth year 
of King Edward III. founded a chantry, consisting 
of five priests, one of whom was warden, in a certain 
aisle or chapel of the church of Stratford, on the south 
side, dedicated to St. Thomas the Martyr; and, for 
their support and maintenance, endowed it with lands 
and tenements, which, with the accession of subse- 
quent benefactions, were valued in a survey made in 
37 Henry VIII. at 127/. 18s. 9d. per annum*. In 
addition to the original foundation in the seventh year 
of Henry VIII. [1514,] Ralph Collingwode instituted 
four children choristers, to be daily assistant in the 
celebration of Divine service. This chantry, says 
Dugdale, soon after its foundation, was known by the 
name of the colleye of Stratford*®. For the more 


4 From the following extract from the Court of Augmentations 
made by Mr. Thomas Greene, formerly town-clerk of Stratford, 
\ their revenues do not appear to have been adequate to their ex- 

penditure. 

‘The College i Founded by John Stretford for a Warden, 

of Stretford. 5 preests, and 4 choristers, and endowed 
with other lands by Collingwood, value 127/. 18s. 9d. 

« Resolut. 20s. 3d. In annuities & fees 13/. In stipends to 
divers ministers, videlicet to the Warden for his Stipend yerely, 
681. 5s. 2d. to other ministers for their stipend & dyet, 
641. 18s. 8d. Sum 147]. 4s. Rem‘. Nill. quia in surplusag. 
19/7. 5s. 3d.” 

5 Antiq. of Warwicksh. p. 482. Any small foundation for a 


/ 


han Lo 
Chak 


46 THE LIFE OF 

commodious habitation of the priests, a large house of 

square stone ° was built by Ralph de Stratford, Bishop 

of London, in the 26th year of Edward III. which, on 

the suppression of religious houses (37 Henry VIII.), 

being vested in the crown, was granted by Edward 

the Sixth to John Dudley, Earl of Warwick, and~ 


afterwards, as we have seen, by Elizabeth, to his son. 


How the crown was enabled, while that nobleman 
was yet living, to make a lease of this college, with 
all its appurtenances, for twenty-one years, to Richard 
Coningsby, his executors and assigns, 13th Dec. 17 
Eliz. [1574], which was surrendered in the following 
year, and a new grant made to him for the same 


~select number of priests and choristers, was formerly called a 


college, according to the maxim of the civil law, “ tres faciunt 
collegium.” So in Leland’s Itin. iv. 165, a: ‘‘ On the north 
syde of S'. James [in Warwick] is a pretty Colledge, havinge.a 
4 preists that sing in St. James Chappell, and they belonge to a 
fraternity of our lady and S‘. George.” —Again, ibid. ‘* The sub- 
urbe withoute the west gate is called the West end—There was 
a Colledge of Blacke Frires in the north part of this suburbe.” 
Again: ‘‘ There is a suburbe in the north syde of Warwike, and 
therein is the chapell of St. Michaell, where sometyme was a 
College et confratres ; but now it is taken as a free chapell.” 

6 « The church of Stratford now standinge, as it is supposed, 
was renewed in building by John de Stratford, Archbishop of 
Canterbury, in the begining of the raigne of K. E. 3, whoe 
was borne at Stratforde, whereof he tooke his name. . He made 
this of a simple paroche church a collegiate church, augmenting 
it with some landes. 

** There be belonginge to the Colledge 4 preists, 3 clarkes, 4 
choristers, and there mansion house is an ancient peice of worke 
of square stone, hard by the cemitarye. The church is dedicated 


fi. tothe Trinitye.” . Itin. iv. p. 1, fol. 167, a. . 


> ened gy 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 47 


term ’, reserving a rent of 64/. 8s. 4d. I have not been 
able to discover. 

So early as the time of King Richard the First, the 
burgesses of Stratford are mentioned *; and the town, 
I believe, was for a long time siaiiienall by wardens, 
or bailiffs, chosen from among them. It is certain, 
that during the reign of King Henry the Eighth, 
wardens were annually chosen, to keep the great 
bridge of Stratford in repair ’; and in the time.of Ed- 
ward the Fourth, they had a steward or town-clerk 2. 
The town, however, was not incorporated till. the se- 
venth year of the reign of Edward the Sixth;. who 
signed the charter of incorporation on the 28th.of 
June, 1553, eight days only before his death®. By 
this charter the principal inhabitants were incorpo- 
rated by the name of the bailiff and burgesses. of 
‘Stratford upon Avon, and the corporation was ap- 

pointed to consist of fourteen aldermen, one of whom 
was to be elected annually to the office of bailiff, and 
of fourteen burgesses. The first bailiff named in 
the charter was Thomas Gilbert *, whose trade is not 


? Pat, 18 liz. p. 12. 

8 Dugdale’s Antiq. of Warwicksh. p. 476. 

9 The bailiffs of Stratford are mentioned in a patent, 5 Ed. III. 
p- 3, m. 10. 

,* This bridge, consisting of fourteen arches, was built by Sir 
| Hugh Clopton, Knight, in the time of Henry the Seventh. 

2? Thomas Throckmorton, Esq". Steward of Stratford, was ad- 
mitted into the Guild of S'. Mary, 9 Ed. IV, 1469. Registr. 
Gild. fol. 92, a. 

3 The warrant for the grant of this charter is inserted in the 
A endix. ; Jur * 2, 4 

4 The other aldermen named in the original charter, were : 
Richard Lord, Hugh Reynolds, William Smythe, Thomas Phi- 


ew Rete 6) 


_ 48 THE LIFE OF 


mentioned in that instrument, but who, I find from 
other documents, was a dyer. For their better main- 
tenance and support, all the lands and possessions of 
the gild of the Holy Cross (an amicable and chari- 
table fraternity, which had subsisted at least from the 
time of Edward. the Third [1327], and had been dis- 
solved in the first year of the reign of Edward the 
Sixth, excepting only a single house called the Man- 
sion House of the Guild), were granted to the alder- 
men and burgesses, expressly, however, on condition 
that they should continue and maintain the alms- 
house, for twenty-four decayed inhabitants of the 
ftown, and the grammar school for the education of 
youth, as they had been maintained by the late guild ; 


_and that they should pay the master of the school a 
“stipend of twenty pounds a-year. All the tithes of 


hay and corn in Old Stratford, Welcome, and Bishop- 
ton, which had belonged to the lately dissolved college 
of Stratford, being likewise granted by this charter, 
the aldermen and burgesses were very properly re~ 
quired to pay the vicar an annual salary, which at 
that time was no more than twenty pounds, and forty 
shillings to enable him to pay his tenths and first 


lippes, Thomas Wynteeld, John Jefferies, Thomas Dixon, George 
Whatley, Henry Biddle, William Whatley, Robert Mors, Robert 
Pratt, and Adrian Quiney. 

The original burgesses are not named in the charter; but from 
another instrument fin the archives of Stratford, I find that about 
two years afterwards (April 20, 1555), the burgesses were, then, 
John Burbadge, William Mynsker, Daniel Phillips, Robert Perrot, 
Laurence Peynton, Roger Sadler, Humphry Plymley, Richard 
Harrington, William Smith, corvizar, Francis Harbadge, George 
Turnor, Richard Symmonds, John Wheler, and Lewis ap Wil- 
liams. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 49 


fruits.. In addition to the grant of a common seal, a 

weekly market, and two annual fairs, the bailiff was“. A, 
invested with the powers of escheator, coroner, al-“7~ ee 5 hk. 
moner, and clerk of the market, and authorized to/~<~ ¢ >, 
hold a court of record, every fortnight, for the trial ee i 
of all causes within the jurisdiction of the borough, in*-*~< Gong 
which the debt and damages did not amount to thirty 

pounds *. The whole revenues of the guild of the 

Holy Cross, which were granted by this charter, pro- 

duced at that time only forty-six pounds, three shil- 

lings, and two-pence halfpenny®. In addition to 

which his Majesty gave the borough, by the same 

charter, the tithes of all the lands which had be- 

longed to the late dissolved college, which were. let 


for 34/. per annum. 


SECTION IV. 


John Shakspeare, wherever he may have been born, 
settled in Stratford not very long after the year 1550 ; 


S Pat. 7 Ed. VI. p. 13. 
6 Antecedent to this grant, the revenues of the borough of 
Stratford appear to have been extremely small: for in the earliest 
rent-roll of the borough, which I have found, after the grant of 
this charter, that for the year 1563, their whole revenue, exclu- 
sive of the tithes of the late college, amounted only to 52/. 0s.’7d. 
The personal property of the guild, about seventy years before 
its dissolution, is ascertained by the curious inventory, which, being 
too long for this place, may be found in the Appendix, The ~.. .4~70. 
guild, it should be observed, was governed by eight ‘aldermen, 
chosen annually out of their own body, and a master, who was 
also elected annually, by the aldermen. The master, together 
with two proctors, elected by him and the aldermen, had the 
entire management of the lands and revenues of the guild. The 
( famous lawyer, Littleton, was admitted a member of this frater- 
\ nity in 1479, 19 Ed. IV. Registr. Gild. fol. 110, b. 


VOL. II. E 


— ss 


fi’ 


50 THE. LIFE OF" 


for in the middle of the year 1555 a suit was instituted 
against him, in the bailiff’s court, which, for another 
purpose, I shall hereafter have more particular occa- 
sion to mention. He was, as I conjecture, born in or 
before the year 15307. From Mr. Arden’s will, 
made in Dec. 1556, there is ground to believe that his 


daughter Mary was then single. She must have © 


_ married our poet’s father in the following year; for in 


Sept. 1558, she brought him a daughter, named Joan, 
who died in her infancy. 

In consequence of misinformation obtained at Strat- 
ford, as it should seem, by Mr. Betterton, in the early 
part of the last century, and communicated by him to 
Mr. Rowe, originating probably in: too hasty an in- 
spection of the register of that parish, we have been 
told,—and the tale, together with the few other facts 
recorded by the same writer, has been transmitted from 
book to book,—that our poet’s father “ had so large a 


7 He was chosen a burgess of Stratford about the same time as 
John Tayler, a shearman or cloth-worker of that town, and 
served with him the office of chamberlain in the year 1562. It is 


\ not unreasonable, therefore, to suppose them to have been nearly 


* of the same age. 
In the register of the proceedings of the corporation in the’ 


Council Chamber, 30 June, 34 Eliz. (1592), Mr. Tayler is called 
old John Tayler; and in the account of Henry Wilson, Cham- 
berlain, made 24 January, 34 Eliz. (1593-4), he is denomi- 
nated Father Tayler: ‘‘ Receaved of Father Tayler for Michael 
common appellation for old men. So, in another account made 
by George Badger for the year 1596: “‘ Item, Receaved of 
Father Degge for his entrance into the Almshouse, vis. viiid.” 
So also in the register of the parish of Stiatford, I find among 
the burials in 1587, March 23, ** Jone, wife to Father Bell of 
Bishopton.” 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 51 


family, ten children in all (according to Mr. Rowe’s 
theory, heshould have said eleven), that, though he was 
his eldest son, he could give him no better education 
than his own employment *. The truth, however, is, 
that our poet’s mother never appears to have borne ‘to 
her husband more than eight children, five of whom 2. 2 2. 4g 
only, namely, four sons and one daughter, attained lo7 paar: 
years of maturity; William, Gilbert, Richard, Ed-“ (ea. Foe aoe z, fa 


mond, and Joan (on each of whom I shall have occa-- rake fo 

as Feat Ee 
sion to-speak hereafter); Margaret, Anne, and an elder aia ie reo 
Joan, having died in their infancy®. Instead, there- 77: °7- 


fore, of being charged with the maintenance of so CLs i oon a 
numerous a family as ten children, the father. of ow 2s yen 


5 

poet had only half that number for any considerable 7~ ahs 

period to support. aoe ae 
tage“ + 


The principal cause of the confusion and error in ~ 
which this subject. has been involved, was the supposal 
that Ursula, Humphrey, and Philip Shakspeare, who 
were baptized at Stratford, between March, 1588-9, 
and Sept. 1591 (at the former of which periods, John 
and Mary Shakspeare had been more than thirty = Mian Jaa 7, 


8 Rowe's Life of Shakspeare. 
9 Joan, the eldest daughter of John Shakspeare, was baptized 
at Stratford on September 15, 1558 ; and though her burial is not 
-recorded in the register (perhaps from. her dying in some other 
place), she probably died before April, 1569, under nine years of 
sage; because another daughter was then baptized: by the same 
-name. Although parents sometimes gave the same Christian 
‘name to two children living at the same time, the other circum- 
‘stances attending this child, render it improbable: that should 
-have been the case in this instance. Margaret Shakspeare was 
baptized Dec. 2, 1562, and was buried April 13, 1563; and ; 7.4 ¢ 
Anne was baptized Sept. 28, 1571, and was buried A April 4, 1579./ 
‘EQ 


52 THE LIFE OF 


years married), were the children of our poet’s father; 
whereas they were, in fact, the children of another 
person of the same Christian and surname, who then 
lived in that town, and was of the humble occupation 
of a shoemaker’. In consequence of this erroneous 
notion, our poet’s father has been supposed to have 


ah 66 et Ad aulam ibid. tent. xxix° die Marcii, A°. regni 

 _Burgus.J die nostre Elizabethe, &c. xxiv’. [1592] = 

«¢ A Note of M‘. Okers money, and to whom yt is lent; and the 
names of their sureties, and also of Bakers money, 

« Bakers Money. 

“ Thomes Fourde, Shoemaker, v". for I’. and Henrie Rogers, 
butcher, and John Shaxspere, shuemaker, his suerties. 

« Okers Money. 

«* Philippus Grene in x". for v", Henrie Rogers, butcher, and 
John Shaxspere, shuemaker, his suerties. 
« John Fisher, shuemaker, in x", for v". and Humphrey Wheler, 

and Humphrey Cowper, shoemakers, his suerties. 

«< Ad aulam ibid. tent. xxx°. die Junii, a°, 1592: 

«‘ At this Hall John Shackspere, Master.of the_companie_of 
Shuemakers, paid to the same Henrie Wilson, the moitie of 
Richard Fletcher the sadler his freedome, xx*. which saied xx*. is 
due to the chamber, and so paied.” 

On the 6th day of Sept. 1586, “‘ George Badger, Roger 
Welshe, John Shaxspere and Humphry Brace, were elected 
constables for the ensuing year, and John Shaxspere and Hum- 
phrey Brace were sworn.” These two persons again served the 
same office in the following year, together with Edward Bushell 
and David Jones. Humphrey Brace was a grocer and mercer at 
Stratford, and died possessed of a good property in the year 
1591-2, as appears by his will, which is in the Prerogative Office. 

« Burgusy At a Hall there holden the xvii". daie of Fe- 

Stratford. J bruarie, anno 1590°...... Thomas Okers money 
was delivered to the persons whose names are underwritten. 

«* John Shaxspere v'. his sureties Richard Sponer and Robert 
Yonge.” Registr. Burg. Stratford. A. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 53 


married three wives, though he never had more than 
one; and the Christian name of his wife, as well as the 
time of her death, have been hitherto unascertained. 
_ Ifthe parish register of Stratford had been care- 
fully attended to, it might have been observed, that 
the father of our poet, antecedent to his holding the 
respectable office of bailiff, is always denominated by 
his Christian name, without any honourable distinction 
or addition ; and his children, whether their baptisms 
or deaths are recorded, are mentioned only as the chil- 
dren of plain “ John Shakspere.” Subsequently to 
that period, that is, from the year 1569}*they are in- 7, Loky 0: 0h 
variably described as the children of Mr. John Shak-“, ete fe 
spere [filius aut filia Magistri Shakspere]; and so, Z Ee “7g 
from that time, their father (as every other bailiff) is vat ti! Ba 
always entitled, in all the records of the proceedings ’2<~ y nme CF" 
of the corporation, which I have examined with this <> ioe 4a 
particular view, Magister or Mr. being the denota- 
tion of a person somewhat above the lower orders of 
men, at a time when the addition of gentleman to a 
name was considered a respectable designation, and 
that of esquire was not, as at present, indiscriminately 
given to persons who have not the smallest claim to be 
so entitled. On the other hand, fifteen years after 
our poet’s father had acquired this honourable dis- 
tinction, John, not Mr. John Shakspere is recorded in 
the register to have married Margery Roberts in 
the year 1584; and Ursula, Philip, and Humphrey 
Shakspere, the issue of this John, by a subsequent 
wife (whose name is unknown), in the respective en- 
j tries of their baptisms in the parish register, are de- 
scribed as the children of plain John Shakspere, with- 


- 


54 ' THE LIFE OF 


out ‘any addition®. This circumstance alone fur- 
nishes a very strong presumption that these three 
children were not the offspring of the bailiff. Buta 
more minute investigation of this matter has placed — 
it beyond a doubt: for our poet’s mother, Mary Shak- 
Ba bey wees A speare, having lived till the year 1608, it is manifest 
pan yee that John Shakspeare, who married Margery Roberts, 
Sa EF Nov. 25, 1584, was the shoemaker already mentioned; 
| ater ae 8 6657 and that the children in question must have been his 
ga eel ban children, though not by her; for she died in 1587. 
o—~« 7 °6 *-2°Tt appears from the oldest book belonging to the cor- 
poration, containing an account of their proceedings 
from 1563, that Thomas Roberts, who died in Sept: 


2 The same distinction is always preserved in the parish re- 
gister between Mr. Thomas Reynolds, a gentleman of Old Strat- 
ford, with whom our poet was acquainted, and to whose son he 
bequeathed a legacy, and Thomas Reynolds, a tradesman of 
Stratford. The children of the tradesman are uniformly described 
as the children of Thomas Reynolds, those of our poet’s friend as 
the children of Mr. Thomas Reynolds. Thus I find in the re- 
gister : 

** 1580, Jan. 26, baptized Margaret, baster daughter to Tho- 
mas Reynolds. 

“©1581, Nov. 8, bapt. Jane, daughter to Mr. Thomas Reynolds. 

«1581, Feb. 25, bapt. William, son to Thomas Reynolds. 

“ 1582, Nov. 25, bapt. Thomas, son to Mr. Thomas Reynolds. 

“* 1582-3, Jan. 22, bapt. Annis, daughter to Thomas Reynolds, 

“©1583, Nov. 21, bapt. Henry, son to Mr, Thomas Raynolds. 

“©1589, Nov. 22, bapt. Mary, daughter to Mr. Thomas Ray- 
nolds.” 

So, in the account of Thomas Goodwynne, Chamberlain, for 
the year 1582 : f Zs 

“ Receaved for the bell [i. e. for the bell’s being rung] for 
Thomas Reynhold’s child, iiijd. 

“ Receaved for the bell for Mr. Thomas Reynold’s child, iiijd.” 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 55 


1583, was a shoemaker®; and that the John Shak- 
speare, who followed the same occupation, was a trus- 
tee for his children*. I at first, from this cireum-, hes « ene oh 


_ 3 In an accompt made by William Wilson, one of the chamber- “= ee 3 fate be 
lains of the borough of Stratford, on the 26th day of Jan. 1581, ae eS 
stating his several receipts and disbursements. from Michaelmas, 

1579, to Michaelmas, 1580, is the following article : 

** Receaved of Thomas Asplyn for his freedome, by the hands 
of Thomas Roberts, and Thomas Swanne, Wardeins of shuemakers, 
xxs.” Registr. Burg. Stratford. A. 

. Thomas Roberts, as appears by the register of the parish of 
Stratford, was buried there, Sept. 11, 1583. 

4 “ Stratford te aulam ibm. tent. ix® die Januarii anno regni 

Burgus. / die Elizabethe, &c. xxij° [1589-90.] 

« At this hall Mr. Abraham Sturley hath delivered three several 4. 2... (22- 
obligations to the use of the children of one Thomas Roberts de- q 
ceased; viz. one bande made to Thomas Roberts, one of the 
sonnes of Thomas Roberts deceased, of fyftie pounds, wherein 
Richard Masters of Milverton yeoman and John Shaxpere of 
Stratford, corvizer, stand bounde for the bredinge of the seyd Tho- 
mas Roberts, and the payment of xxxij/. according to the condy- 
cions of the seyd bande, which bande berithe date quarto die Oc- 
tobris anno tricesimo Elizabethe regine [1588], and one other 
bande beringe date tertio die Octobris, a° xxx° Elizabethe Regine 
of fyftie pounds made from John Laurence of Studley, husband- 
man, and William Broukeley of Studley, tanner, to John Roberts, 
one other of the sonnes of the seyd Thomas Roberts, for the pay- 
ment of xxvi/i. accordinge to the condicions of the same bande; 
and also one other bande from John Shaxpere of Stratford, cor- 
vizer, and Edward Bushell de eisdem, wolsted weaver, in Ix//. for 
the bredinge of Richard Roberts, the youngest sonne of the seyd ivase fix Gee 
Thomas, and also for payment of suche money as ys conteyned in*%—~ “- (“7 
the condycions of the same bande, beringe date tertio die Octo-. sali pre a 
bris a° xxx° E. Regine.” Registr. Burg. Stratf. A. 

_From a preceding entry in the same book, it appears to have Z.. A395 -<<s. 
been customary for the guardians of infants to reposite bonds be-/-+-4 *%—* 


longing to their wards in the chamber of Stratford, for security, <2 ae a 


56. THE LIFE OF 


stance, thought it probable, that this John married 

his widow, whose Christian name was Margery ; but 
7 _. as she appears to have been living several years after- 
hap wz¥e-¢. wards, whereas the first wife of John Shakspeare, the 
shoemaker, died in 1587, I now believe that his wife was 
either the sistér of his friend Thomas Roberts, whose 
Christian name might also have been Margery’, or the 


tees = “2 -* widow of one Richard Roberts, who, as well as Thomas, 
Bee died in 1583. Philip Greene, who was both a miller and 


et ahens Zt a chandler in Stratford, it appears, was intimately ¢on- 


—; pe € 3énected with this John Shakspeare, who in the year 


ee we 72 cig "1592 was one of Greene’s sureties ®, on his receiving 
soy Sree from the corporation the loan of ed pounds for three 
ae Sore “years, to assist him in his occupation, out of a fund 
“=i, 42 Zj-aeft by Thomas Oker, of Warwick, for the purpose of 


poi SG ~ aiding young and industrious tradesmen at Stratford ¢ 
a fund out of which John Shakspeare himself had also 
received a loan. Philip Greene, without doubt, stood 
godfather for his friend John Shakspeare’s eldest son, 
by his second wife (perhaps a daughter of Philip 
Greene’), whom he married in 1588, his first wife, 
Margery Roberts, having died in the preceding year ; 
which son was baptized at Stratford by the name of 
Philip, Sept. 21, 1591; and Ursula*, the wife of 


5 Margery appears to have been a common name in this fa- 
mily; for I find that Richard Smith was married to Margery Ro- 
berts, Nov. 28, 1598. 


6 Seep. 52, n. 1. 

7 Joan, daughter to Philip Greene, who, as appears from the 
parish register, was baptized at Stratford, June 27, 1569, was 
probably the second wife of John Shakspeare, corvizer. 

8 Philip Greene was married to Ursula Burbadge, Oct. 14, 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 57 


Philip Greene, it may be presumed, was godmother 
to the daughter of her husband’s friend, who was 
christened by that name in March, 1588-9. Either 
Humphrey Pinder, Humphrey Cowper, or Humphrey 
Wheeler, who were all shoemakers, it is highly pro- 
hable, was sponsor for Humphrey, the other son of 
this John Shakspeare (shoemaker), who was haptized 
at Stratford, May 24,1590. 

The various circumstances here insisted on, prove 
decisively, that our poet’s father had no second wife, 
and that the entry in the register of the parish of 
Stratford, where we find “ Mary Shakspeare, widow, 
buried Sept. 9, 1608,” relates to our poet’s mother: 
If, however, a doubt could be entertained on that 
subject, the grant of arms to John Shakspeare in 
1596, compared with this entry, and with the cireums 
stances above stated, would dispel it; for there her 
Christian name is particularly mentioned, [“ Mary, 
the daughter of Robert Arden,”] though in the sub- 
sequent grant of 1599 it was omitted. Her father’s 
will, and the bill filed in Chancery by John and 
Mary Shakspeare, in 1599, which I discovered after 
the former proofs were collected and arranged, renders 
in this case “ assurance double sure °.” 


1565. He died at Stratford about ten months after our poet, and 
was buried there Feb. 26, 1616-17. 

9 In addition to these concurring circumstances, all tending to 
prove that John Shakspeare, the shoemaker, was the person who 
married Margery Roberts in 1584, and by a subsequent wife was 
the father of Philip, Humphrey, and Ursula Shakspeare; it may 
be further observed, that when Thomas Roberts, already men- 
tioned, obtained from the corporation of Stratford a lease of his 


bani 


ey: te 


Qo oleg. 


TK. “SS 
Benx~d, fre 


Vc S alinnt monk om 
bowel fet he port 


fo? i SOPs : 6 


58 THE LIFE OF 


I once thought it not improbable, that this Johm 
Shakspeare, whose family and connexions I have been 
obliged thus particularly to mention, was the eldest 
son of the bailiff, born before the commencement of 
the register ; but am now convinced, that this could 


ie -2not have been the case. Had he been our poet's elder 


iat FAS wy Kae Aw 


ee = Bee brother, he or one of his sons would have inherited 


sau Lb tefms 
7 


the freehold estate of John Shakspeare, in Henley- 
street, who made no will, as his heir at law ; whereas, 


for {930 the contrary, we find that estate in the possession 


of William. This circumstance is decisive. It is 
equally clear, from various considerations, that he was 
not a younger brother of the poet. For, to say no- 
thing of his name not being found in the baptismal 
register, in the numerous transactions in which he 
appears engaged in the regular account of the corpo- 
ration acts, I do not find any one of the bailiff’s fa- 
mily in any manner connected with him ; neither the 
father of our poet, the poet himself, nor any of his 
brothers, are sureties for him on any occasion: while, 
on the other hand, we find other persons, not of his 
name, called upon by him, to afford him this kind of 
friendly assistance. If he had been the son of John 
Shakspeare and Mary Arden, he would undoubtedly 
have been distinguished by the addition of junior, 


house in Bridge-street, which is dated September 24, 1578, Tho- 
mas Shaxpere,.a shoemaker, also, I believe, was an attesting 
witness to the bond then executed for the performance of cove- 
nants; and an indorsement on the back of that lease, made some 
time about the year 1600, proves that this was the house in which 
{John Shakspeare, the shoemaker, lived after the death of Tho- 
‘mas Roberts, and while it was the property of his. children. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 59 


which is no where affixed to his name, either in the 
register of the parish of Stratford, or in the register 
of the proceedings of the corporation, though in each 
of these I find this description added to many other 
persons. The designation of corvizar, which is 
frequently annexed to the name of this John Shak- 
speare, affords another proof to the same point. At the 
time our poet’s father was elected an alderman, among 
the burgesses were two persons of the Christian and. 
surname of William Smythe; who being, without 
doubt, of different families, were distinguished from 
each other by their occupations; one of them being 
called William Smythe, corvizar, and the other Wil- 
liam Smythe, haberdasher: and thus they are con- 
» stantly described in the register of the acts of the corpo- 
ration. If these persons had been father and son, they 
would have been distinguished by the addition of 
senior and junior ; as we find, at a subsequent period, 
Francis Smythe the elder, an eminent mercer at Strat- 
ford, and his son Francis Smythe the younger, were 
always distinguished. Besides, had John Shakspeare 
been the son of the bailiff, our poet would have un- 
doubtedly noticed him or his children in his will; for 
it is extremely improbable that this shoemaker, his 
second wife, whom he married in 1588, and all their 
children, should have died without issue in the course 
of twenty-six years, and yet not one of their names 
appear in the register. It is manifest, indeed, from 
various minute circumstances, that this John Shak- 
speare, so far from being our poet’s brother, was not 
even a native of Stratford ’. 


t By the rules of the various companies of the several trades 


60 THE LIFE OF 


In the Company of Shoemakers and Sadlers, who 


were united, the sum paid by a native, who had served: 
his apprenticeship in the borough, was only twenty 
pence ; a higher sum was paid by a foreigner, even if 
he had served. his apprenticeship in Stratford; and a 
still higher by those foreigners who could not urge 
that circumstance in their favour. John Shakspeare, 
. shoemaker, it appears, paid for his freedom, on the 
USL wen # 
fro) m»S+“ 20th of January, 1585-6, the sum of thirty shillings. 
ae y “~~ Tt is certain, therefore, from this circumstance, that he 
ee > ie ‘ was not a native of Stratford. He had probably 
ae ' served part of his apprenticeship there ; otherwise he 
oA yee would have paid two pounds, the sum required by 
this company from those foreigners who had not 


served their time within the borough. In this case, « 
as well as in many others, somewhat less than the re- - 


then carried on there, those persons who were foreigners, that is, 
not born in the borough, and wished to set up any trade there, 
were obliged to pay a much higher sum for their freedom than 
the natives. In “the Declaration of the Constitution and Ordi- 
nances of Skinners and Taylors,” which was signed and sealed 
March 2, 1585, and is yet preserved in the chamber of Stratford ; 
the seventh and eighth rules in substance are, that no foreigner 
or person born out of the borough, who hath not served an ap- 
prenticeship within it, shall be allowed to set up or exercise the 
trade of a skinner or taylor, unless he hath served an apprentice- 
ship for seven years in some city, borough, or town corporate’ 
and if he hath so served, he may be admitted to his freedom on 
paying 3/.6s, 8d. Every person born within the borough, but 
having served out of it, may be admitted on paying ten shillings ; 
and every person born within the borough, and having likewise 
served his time there, may be admitted on paying three shillings 
and fourpence. Similar regulations were made by other ‘com- 
panies; though the terms of admission, both to natives and 
foreigners, in the different companies, were various. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 61 


gulated sum was accepted on composition, probably 
on the ground which I have suggested. 


The truth, I believe, is, that the Shaksperian shoe- 


maker, of whom I have been obliged to say so much, 
was either the son or brother of Thomas Shakspeare, 
foabs otherwise Greene (a shoemaker also, as I believe), 
who, perhaps, migrated from some of the neighbour- 
ing towns to Stratford, where he died in March, 
1589-90; or the son of another Thomas Shak 
who died at Warwick, in 15777; or of Richard’Shak- 


2 In “ the Accompte of Thomas Rogers, one of the Chamber- 


lens, &c. made the thyrde of October 1589, which he then 
yielded up in respect he was elected to be Mr, Bayleefe for the 
year followinge, a° regni Eliz. xxxi°’.” the following persons are 
specified as living in Bridge-street, many of whom appear to have 
been shoemakers : 


“ The Rents receaved as followeth, for iij quarters of a year. 


_ Bridg Street. Whole Rent. 
Richard Baylis.......... VSe.+0+-+ +. Vis. Viijd. 
Thomas West ...... Ptr, Ae Et vis. viijd, 

Robert Wyllson ........ REVS: shaiste xxxiijs. ivd, 
Mr. Barber .. . .{sis/5-% +++ xvis. iijd .. . xxis. viijd. 

{This is inserted by mistake, for he lived in Church-street.] 
Haray fylde... oo .400s . + Wild. Vids... XS 


Shon Shackspeare. +. +++ iX8.r- 000000 Xiis. 
Reyc. Ayn ge vane» «00 vowe RVS00 6 vonee XXSe | 
Wyllin Greenwaye ...... Xxiijs..... «|. XXXxs. viijd. 
_ Francis Smith ..., .4...4XSesesene ees xiijs. iiijd. 
Arthur Cawdrey ...+ 440+ XXVSe see 00 XXXiijs. iiijd.” 
In the accounts of 1593 and 1594 the names of the persons 


who held houses from the corporation are not specified: but a 

/ subsequent ‘‘ Accompt of Richard Ange and Abraham Sturley. 
Chamberleyns, from the xx day of December 1594, for one whole 
yeare then next followinge,” furnishes us with a complete list. of 
the tenants who held houses from the corporation, and the rents 
they paid. 


i 


~ 
“ 
WH fo 
Ma whan tim oe © 
hnemer - fi 17. 


62 THE LIFE OF 


speare, the elder, of Rowington, who died in: April, 
1614°; and it is probable that he, and all his family, 
left Stratford, and returned to his native town, 
wheresoever it may have been, in 1593, or 1594 *. 

The last notice which I have found concerning him, 

is in June, 1592, at which time he was master of the 
Company of Shoemakers ; and three years afterwards 
his house was inhabited by another person. His 
eldest son, Humphrey (who, as well as his younger 
son, Philip, has so long been supposed.to be a brother 
of the poet’s), I have good reason to believe, settled at 
Lapworth *, about. ten miles from Stratford. Of 
Philip, I have not been able to obtain any intelli- 
gence. 


SECTION V. 


Having, I trust, by the foregoing necessary, though 
I fear tedious, disquisition, dispelled the mist of con- 
fusion and obscurity in which our poet’s family has, 


3 See p. 15, n. 8. 4 Ibid. 

s-Sarah, the wife of Humphrey Shakspeare, of Lapworth, died 
at Rowington in the last century, Oct. 2, 1720, at the age of 
eighty-two. Her husband Humphrey, who died at Rowington, in 
1729, is thus described (‘‘ of Lapworth”), both in the register of 
Rowington, and. on-his wife’s tombstone in the churchyard there. 
If we suppose ‘him to have. been only as old as his wife, then 
he must have been born in-1638: consequently at least ninety-one 
when: he died ;-and he might have been either the son or grand- 
son of that. Humphrey Shakspeare who was baptized at Stratford, 
May 24, 1590 ; and consequently either grandson or great grand- 
son of John Shakspeare, the shoemaker. 

** John, the son of Humphrey Shakspeare, of Lapworth,” was 
buried at Rowington, Nov. 14, 1693, as appears by-the rroecor 
of that parish. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 63 


for ear a century, been involved, I now return to 
the more immediate object of our present inquiries. 


Involvere diem nimbi, et nox humida celum 
Abstulit : 
tandem Italie fugientes prendimus oras, ... 
Jamque novum terre stupeant lucescere Solem. 


William Shakspeare was born at Stratford upon 7 4...... = 
Avon, probably ® on Sunday, April the 93d, 1564 57-~* a 


3? 


and on the 25th was baptized, we may presume, by : 
the Rev. John Breechgirdle’, then vicar of thats <. |. ee 


6 I say “ probably,” because we have no direct evidence for. ~~ 
this fact. The Rev. Joseph Greene, who was master of the free<~ *~~ 
school at Stratford, several years ago made some extracts from the 
register of that parish, which he’ afterwards gave to the late 
James West, Esq. They were imperfect, and-in other respects 
not quite accurate. In the margin of this paper Mr. Greene has 
written, opposite the entry relative to our poet’s baptism, “* Born 
on the 23d ;” but for this, as I conceive, his only authority was the 
inscription on Shakspeare’s tomb—‘‘ Obiit aio Do‘. 1616, etatis 
53, die 23 Ap.” which, however, renders the date here assigned * /,.,. — 
for his birth sufficiently probable.” ; 
' The omitting to mention the day of the child’s birth in bap- 
tismal registers, is a great defect, as the knowledge of this fact is 
often of importance. 

7 He died at Stratford the following year, and was buried there, 

June 21, 1565, — 
The successive vicars of Stratford in our poet's time were, 
John Breechgirdle, 27 Feb. 1560-61. 

Hygford, 1563. [Qr.] 

Henry Heicroft, Jan. 1, 1569-70. 

Richard Barton, Feb. 17, 1584. 

John Bramhall, 1590. 

Richard Bifield, Jan. 23, 1596. 

Thomas Rogers, 1604. 

Thomas Wilson, May 22, 1619. 


64 | "THE LIFE OF 


parish. The custom of giving a son the baptismal 
name of his father or paternal grandfather, or in com 
pliment to his mother’s father, was not so common in 
the age of Elizabeth as at present. Not one of John 
Shakspeare’s children were named. after him or Mr. 
Robert Arden. Our poet, I believe, derived his 
Christian name either from William Smyth, a mercer, 
and one of the aldermen of Stratford, or William. 
Smith, a haberdasher in the same town, one of whom 
probably was his godfather; and all his brothers, in 
like manner, appear to have been named after the 
. persons who stood sponsors for them. Such, I con- 


ceive, was then probably the general, as it was cer-. 


tainly a frequent usage ; a practice which we seem to 


have derived from our German ancestors*. Our 


author’s only son, Hamnet, we find, did not take the 


Christian name of his father or grandfather, but of. 


that friend who appears to haye been his sponsor ; 
and our author’s. godson, William Walker, whom he 
has kindly remembered in his will, was not only his 


godson, but his namesake. In like manner, the bap- 
tismal name of young D’Avenant, who was the son of. 


a vintner in Oxford, and born in 1605, was not -de- 
rived from his father, or any other relation, but from: 
our oon dramatick poet, who was his godfather ®. _ 


és Sea Verstegan's Restitution ‘of Decayed Intelligence, 4to. 
1605; Epistle to the English Nation, i in marg. ‘*It is often seen 
in Germanie, that either godfather [he means each of the two 
godfathers] at christning giveth his name to his godsonne, and 
thereof it cometh that many have two proper names, besydes their 
surname,” 

9 Three of Sir Francis Bacon’s godsons, to whom he leayes 
legacies, were christened after him. See his will. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 65 


It may be worth observing, that the nativity of our 
illustrious countryman, of . whom England will 
proudly boast as long as» she continues to be ‘a 
polished nation, took place on the day consecrated to 
its patron saint, for whom his native town appears to 


have had particular respect ': a happy presage, as it 


* In an ancient account-book which belonged to the wardens 
of the bridge at Stratford, before the charter of incorporation was 
granted, I find various articles which ascertain the predilection of 
our poet's countrymen to the patron saint of England. 

In an account made by Richard Cotton and Thomas Gilbard, 
bridge-wardens, 23 March, 34 Henry VIIL. [1542-3] is this item: 

“* Item, payd Whitley for kepynge the Alter, iijs. iijd.” and ina 
subsequent account, evidently relating to the same matter, 36 
Henry VIII. “Item, payd to Thomas Whitley for kepynge St. 
George Alter, viijd.” 

_ “Item, payd for scowring St. George harnes, [armour,} ijs. 10d." 

“ Primo anno Marie regine, &c. videlicet decimo quarto die 
Aprilis, Richard Pers and John Tayler, wardens : ; 

* Item, payd for dressing the Dragon, and for bering the Dra- 
gon, and werynge Sext George harnes on holy thursday, ijs. viijd. 
Payd for gune powder, iiijd. Payd for scowring Sent George harnes, 
ijs.” 

In the account of George Whatley and Robert Pratt, bridge- 
wardens, 8 April, 1 Ed. VI. 1547: 

“ Payd for scowring Sent George harnes, ijs. viijd. 

** Item, to Walter for ridynge Sent George, vid. 

** Item to hym that bare the Dragon, iiijd.” 

“Tn an account made by John Bell and Edward West, 2& 3 Ph. 
& Mar. April 23, 1556 : 
_**Payd to 2 men for berynge the Dragon and Sent George 
harnes, ijs.” 
'The'same custom was long kept up ; for in the accompt of Ro- 
( bert Smart and William Wilson, chamberlains, from Michaelmas, 
1578, to Michaelmas, 1579, I find— 
*“P* to William Evans [a smith] for scowring of the George 
. Armour, the vi" daye of June, iiijd.” 
VOL. II. bs 


cts ytuf- Oo 


66 THE LIFE OF 


should seem, that his name and reputation should for. 
ever be united with that of England, and should, to 
all future time, shed a lustre on the country rari , 
thegood fortune to give him birth. 

That he was snatched from the world at a ims 
when his faculties were in their full vigour, and before 
he was “ declined into the vale of years,” must ever 
be a subject of deep, but unavailing regret, to the 
liberal ‘part of mankind. Let us, however, be thank- 
ful that this “ sweetest child of fancy ” did not perish 
while he yet lay in the cradle. When he was but 
nine weeks old, the plague, which in that and the 
preceding year was so futal to England *, broke out 
at Stratford upon Avon, and raged . with such 
violence, between the 30th of June and the last day 
of December, that two hundred and thirty-eight 
persons, in that period, were carried to the grave, of 
which number, probably, two hundred and_ sixteen 
died of that malignant distemper ° ; and only one of 
the whole number resided not in Stratford, but in the 
neighbouring hamlet of Welcombe. The total 


/ + In the year 1563, between the 1st of August and the last day 


| of December, 20,136 persons died of the plaguejin London. It 


broke out again with great violence in August, 1564. 

3 From the two hundred and thirty-seven inhabitants of Strat- 
ford, who, it appears from the register, were buried in this period, 
twenty-one.are to be subducted, who, it may be presumed, would 
have died in six months in the ordinary course of nature; for it 
the five preceding years, reckoning according to the style of tha 
time, from March 25, 1559, to March 25, 1564, two hundred anil 
twenty-one persons were buried at Stratford, of whom two hun- 
dren and ten were townsmen: that is, forty-two died each year, 
at an average. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 67 


number of the inhabitants of Stratford, at that time 
appears to have been about 1470 +,. and consequently 


4 Such appears to have been the number of inhabitants at that 

time, calculating one in thirty-five to have died annually. IT sup- 
pose one in ‘thirty-five to have then died in a year on account of 
the superior mortality in former times from the small-pox, and the 
ill treatment of other disorders : one in, forty would at present be 
amore just calculation, In the parish of Bookham, in the county 
of Surrey, in the neighbourhood of which I passed the summer of 
the year 1788, the inhabitants were numbered, and found to be 
five hundred. In the preceding year there died there, only eleven 
persons, that is, one in forty-six. Ina country parish in Hamp- 
shire, the annual proportion of deaths for ninety years previous to 
1774, was found to be one in fifty. See Howlet’s Essay on the 
Population of England and Wales, p. 11. 
- The baptisms and burials at Stratford during the five years 
mentioned in the preceding note, compared with the baptisms 
and burials during five years from 1783 to 1788, confirm the cal- 
culation that has been made. 

The baptisms ftom March 25, 1559, to March 25, 1564, were 
two hundred and seventy-six; i.e. fifty-five per ann. at an average 

The baptisms from Jan. 1, 1783, to Dec. 31, 1787, were four 
hundred and seventy-four: i. e. ninety-five per ann, at an ave- 
rage: but of Stratfordians probably only eighty-five. 

The burials in five years from March 25, 1559, to March 25, 
1564, were, of Stradfordians, two hundred and ten, i. e. forty-two 
perann.; which, multiplied by thirty-five, gives 1470, the num- 
ber of inhabitants stated in the text. If we multiply the average 
number of the annual baptisms during the same period (i. e. fifty- 
five) by twenty-six, the number of inhabitants will be found to have 
been 1430. 

‘The burials in five years from Jan. 1, 1783, to Dec. 31, 1787, 
were four hundred and nine; i. e. per ann. eighty-two; but of 


Stratfordians only seventy ; which number, multiplied by forty, ee COE es “2 4 
/ makes the inhabitants of Atgastond, on Dec. 31, 1787, 2800, nearly ee Pee Fe 4 


numbered, and were then found to be 2987. 
In 1730, the houses in Stratford (including the old town) were 
F2 


68 THE LIFE OF. 


the plague, in the last six months of the year 1564,» 
carried off more than a seventh part of them. For-. 
tunately for mankind, it did not reach the house 

where the infant Shakspeare lay: for not one of that. 

name appears in the dead list. A poetical enthusiast. 
will find no difficulty in believing that, like Horace, 

he reposed secure and fearless in the midst of conta- 

gion and death, protected by the Muses to whom his 

future life was to be devoted : 


——— sacra 
Lauroque, collataque myrto, 
Non sine diis animosus infans 5. 


If I were to acquiesce in the tradition communi- 
cated to Mr. Rowe, in the beginning of the last cen- 
tury, I should now, in due order, and in imitation of 
all the biographers who have implicitly followed him 
on the same subject *, inform my readers, that. our 
poet’s father, John Shakspeare, “was a considerable 


four hundred and fifty-seven. If'we reckon five to each house, 
the inhabitants were then 2285. By the returns made to Par- 
liament in 1811, it appears that the inhabitants in Stratford 
amounted to 2842, whereof 1340 were males, and 1502 were fe- 
males, and that the inhabited houses were 548, and the un- 
inhabited 13. 

5 Hor. lib. iii. ode iv. 

6 Jacob’s Lives of the Poets, 8vo. 1720. Pope’s Edition: of 
Shakspeare’s Plays, 4to. 1725. Theobald’s Edition, 8vo, 1733. 
General Dictionary, folio, 1739. Hanmer’s Edition of Shak- 
speare’s Plays, 4to. 1744. Warburton’s Edition, 8vo. 1747. Il- 
lustrious Heads, 1748. Cibber’s Lives of the Poets, 12mo. 1753. 
Biographia Britannica, folio, 1747. Biographical Dictionary,: 
8vo. 1760. Biographia’ Dramatica, 1780, &c.. &c. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 69 


dealer in wool, and had so large a family, ten children 
in all, that though he was his eldest son, he could 
give him no better education than his own employ- 
ment. He had bred him, it is true (continues Mr. 
Rowe), for some time, at a free school, where it is 
probable he acquired what Latin’ he was master of ; 
but the narrowness of his circumstances, and. the 
want of his assistance at home, forced him to with- 
draw him from thence, and unhappily prevented his 
further proficiency in that language ®”. 

It is somewhat remarkable, that in Rowe’s Life of 
our author, there are not more than eleven facts men- 
tioned ?; and of these, on a critical examination, 


7 So Rowe's second edition. In the first, “‘ that little Latin he 
was master of.” : 

_® Rowe's Life of Shakspeare. 

9 These facts are: 

1. That he was the son of John Shakspeare, and born at Strat- 
ford, in April, 1564. 

2. That he died there in 1616.—These are both true, and were 
furnished by the parish. register. 

3. That his father had éen children. 

4. That his father was a woolman. 

5. That when the poet came to London “ he was received into 
the company of-actors then in being,” as if there was then but tt pe yt Coton 
one company. AT 

6. That he was but an indifferent actor. hy pA oe 

7. That Falstaff was originally called Oldcastle, and that the’ 
poet was obliged to change the name of that character. 

‘8. That Lord Southampton gave him 1000/. to complete a pur- 
chase. 

9. That he left three daughters. 

10. That he was driven to take shelter in London in consequence 
of stealing deer from Sir Thomas Lucy's park. 

The preceding eight facts will all be shown to be false. 


70 . ‘THE LIFE OF 


eight will be found to be false. Of one (of very little 
importance) great doubt may be justly entertained ; 
and the two remaining facts, which are unquestion- 
ably true (our poet’s baptism and burial), were fur- 
nished by the register of the parish of Stratford. 

We have already seen that one part of the fore- 
going account is not true. John Shakspeare, it has 
been proved, never had but eight children; and only 
five of them lived to be any burthen to their father, 
with respect to their education’. This circumstance, 
were we reduced to the necessity of conjecture, might 
suggest some doubts concerning such other parts of 
this relation as are not supported by better evidence, 
particularly that which concerns the occupation of 
his father. But on the subject of the trade of John 
Shakspeare, I am not under the necessity of relying 
on conjecture ;* being enabled, after a very tedious 
and troublesome search, to shut up this long agitated 
question for ever. In a manuscript account of our 
author, written above a century ago, by Mr. Aubrey, 
an ingenious man, and a most careful, laborious, and 
zealous collector of anecdotes relative to our English 
poets and other celebrated writers of his native coun- 
try, our author’s father is said to have been a but~ 
cher. Mr. Rowe, we have just now seen, about thirty 
years afterwards, was informed, from oral tradition, 


11. That he introduced Ben Jonson to the stage, may certainly 
be considered as extremely doubtful. This tale probably took its 
rise from Shakspeare’s having assisted Jonson in writing Sejanus, 
In the printed play, however, the author omitted whatever our 
poet had contributed.to that piece. 

t See p. 51. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 71 


that) he was:a:woolman. Now, though both these 
accounts are equally false, I do not think it necessary “ <..., <~-~ 
or becoming to throw any ridicule on either of these *’.; ae 
gentlemen; nor shall I represent them as foolish ** Aha. foneenn oT 
gossips, because they have: transmitted to us such ~~~ 272; 
accounts, on this subject, as they could procure. And 72.-6G23% 
I shall particularly abstain from ridiculing Mr. 
Aubrey (whose. name ought never to be mentioned 
by any friend to English literature without respect), 
on account of the tradition which he has transmitted, 
lest the weapon pointed at that learned antiquary 
should recoil against the breast of him who levelled 
it; for, strange to tell! we shall presently find that 
Ralph Cawdrey, one of the aldermen of Stratford, at 
the time our poet was born, was a butcher *, and was 


2 This fact is proved by a deed among the archives of Stratford, 
which begins thus: 

‘«* This Indenture made the xx™ day of April in the first and 
second yere of the reigne of Phylip and Mary [1555], by the 
grace of God kynge and quene, &c. between Will™. Whatley, 

_nowe Justice of the peace, hy bely of the burrow of Stratford upon 
Avon, in the county of Warr. George Whatley, now Justice of 
y peace and hye. alderman of the same toune, Richard Lord, ord, W", 

“Smyth. ‘mercer, John Jefferies, Thomas Wynfyld, Thomas Dixon, 
Thomas Phyllipps, Henry Bydyll, Thomas Gilbard, Robert Mors, 
Robert Pratt, Raf Cawdrey, and Adrean Quyny, aldermen, John 

_Burbage, William Mynster, Daniel Phyllypps, Robert Perot, 
Laurence Beynion, Roger Sadler, Humphrey Plymley, Richard 
Harentone, W™. Smyth corvizar, Frauncis Harbage, George 
Turnor, Richard Symons, John Wheler, and Lewes ap Williams, 
Capital burgesez ther of thone party, and Raf Cawdrey of Strat- 
ford aforesaid, Bocher, of the other party: Witnessethe, &c. 
that the befor named hy bely, aldermen and capital burgesez, 
with one assént, consent, agreement, for them & ther successors, 
have dé¢myzed, graunted, set, and to ferme let, and by theis pre- 


— 


$2 THE LIFE OF 


bailiff of the borough the very year before Mr. John 
Shakspeare filled that office. So much for this mon- 
strous and incredible story, to which, we have beem 
told, no one but a man who believed in preternatural 
appearances could, for a moment, give any credit °. 
. It is anold and just observation, that omnis fabula 
fundatur in historid ; the most fictitious accounts 


sents do demyse, graunt, and to ferme let over unto the said 
Raf Cawdrey, on tenement in Stratford aforsaid, in Burge 
Street, late in the holdynge of Richard Marchell ther callyd 
The Aungell,” &c, 

3 Ralph Cawdrey. kept a butcher’s shop in Stratford so elt 
as 1541. He died in May, 1588. 

See Mr. Steevens’s Advertisement, vol. i. p. 254. 

I shall in another place * have occasion to speak more particu- 
larly on this subject, and shall show the sources from whence Mr... 
Aubrey derived the various and valuable intelligence which he 
communicated to Antony Wood in the latter part of the last cen- 
tury, while that laborious antiquary was employed in compiling 
his Athene Oxonienses. At present, it is only necessary to ob- 
serve, that if the representation attempted to be given of this in- 
genious and unfortunate gentleman, were just and well founded; 
if it were true that every man who is weak in one place must ne- 
cessarily be weak in all; that all those persons who in the last 
century were idle enough to put their faith in judicial astrology, 
and to give credit to stories of preternatural appearances of the 
dead, were fools, and their judgment or testimony of no value on 
any subject whatsoever, however unconnected with these weak- 
nesses; then in this large list of ninnies must we class, with Mr. 
Aubrey, the accomplished and literate Charles the First, the grave 
and judicious Clarendon, the witty Duke of Buckingham, the fer-. 
tile and ingenious Dryden, and many other names of equal cele- 
brity. They must all ‘ bench by his side,” and must be set 
down as persons incapable of forming a true judgment on any 
matter whatsoever presented to them, and wholly unworthy of 
credit. 


* See Appendix. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 73 


which tradition has handed down to us, have gene- 

rally had: some little semblance or admixture of truth 

in them; and thus, gilded by artifice or ignorance, 

they acquire a currency and reception in the world; 

which bare and genuine falsehood could never obtain: 

Of this kind is the tale in question, which, not with- 

out a due portion of those minute and embellishing 
circumstances in which such fables usually abound, 

was transmitted to Mr. Aubrey, about one hundred 

and thirty years ago, by some of the old actors, after 

the Restoration ; confounding, it should seem, our 

great dramatist with a person of the same name and 

county, who lived at the same period, but moved in 

a very different sphere; for, on examining the re- 

cords of the Company of Stationers, I learned from 

one of their registers, that John Shakspeare, son of 

Thomas Shakspeare, a butcher, at Warwick, was 1..¢ ...... 
bound apprentice in March, 1609-10, to William “ “—~ ~~ 


Be fora Gi ed 


Jaggard, stationer, who, in 1598, had published some gate gee 
of our author’s early poetry, and for whom, in con- ig: ae fom 
junction with others, the first folio edition of his 7 ‘Mpg en 


aw £40 Shot 


plays was printed; and on further inquiry it appeared 77 7.“"7. 


F 


that this butcher’s son was admitted to his freedom, ~~ a ‘i 


May 22, 1617. Of John Shakspeare, the apprentice <.* 2 age 
of William Jaggard, it is not necessary to say more Dae We fee 


é-Th ot 
in this place, though, hereafter, I may have occasion to Oy es me 
add a few words concerning him. Unquestionably his 4 Leys em 


name and parentage, however they were confounded ro ee 
with those of his great countryman, fifty years after- 
wards, were well known, in his own time, among 
players and stationers; for he served his apprentice- 


74 THE LIFE OF 


ship to a respectable citizen, appears to have com 

menced the business of a bookseller on his own ae- 

count, and was, I believe, the only person of the 

name of Shakspeare, who migrated from Warwick- 

shire to London, at that period, beside our poet, and 
his brother Edmond, and Thomas Shakspeare, who 
\ was one of the Queen’s messengers, in 1577. 

John Shakspeare, the father of the. illustrious 
subject of our present narrative, as has been already 
observed, settled at Stratford, not very long after the 

/ 9. year 1550. On April 30, 1556, and September 30, 
3 1558, [find him one of the jury of the court leet ; 
on the 12th of August, 1556, he was summoned: on 
a jury in a civil action; and in June, 1557, he was 
one of the ale-tasters, an officer appointed and sworn 
‘at every leet to take care that the due assize was 
kept of all the bread, ale, and beer, sold within the 
jurisdiction of the leet*. At the leet, October 6; 
1559, he was one of the four affeerors' appointed to 
mulct those who had committed any offence which 


ke 


é 


' 4 Restal’s Termes de la Ley, in v. 

From: the following entry it appears that he was fined while 
invested with this office, for three non-attendances in the bailiff’s 
court, which was held once a a fortnight. 

“Stratford y Curia de recordo ibm tent. secundo die Junii, 
ozs te 2 Burgus. 7 anno regnorum Philippi et Marie tertio et quarto 
ee cons pe “ZZ [2 June, 1557): 

2 Las SEs ss vilid. de Jdhe Shakspere, uno ¢estator ([tentator] servicii 
Piteancig Goren ge > burgi_ pd. quia not venit ad exequend. officium suum P iii Cur, Id. 
Os in agent ~ in mia. [miserecordia].” 
47+ For the oath and duties of an ale-taster, see Kitchen on the 
Jurisdiction of Courts Leet, p. 96. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 75 


was punishable arbitrarily, and for which no express 
penalty was prescribed by statute*; and he was 
again chosen for the same purpose in May, 1561. It 
appears from a paper inserted below ®, that he was 
not a member of the corporation of Stratford ante- 
cedent to Michaelmas day, 1557; but he was cer- 
tainly chosen a burgess either on that day, or very 
soon afterwards’. In 1558, and the following year, 4 tant oe 


he served the office of constable; which office, as well <<~, ~, ia 


as that of ale-taster, all the most respectable members *- Lea fas 
of the corporation filled, antecedent to their rising to 


5 The oath of an affeeror was this :—** You shall swear, that 
you will truly and indifferently tax, assess, and affeer all such 
amerciaments as are presented at this court ; wherein you shall 
spare no man for love, favour, affection, or corruption, nor raise 
nor inhance upon any man, of malice, more grievous amercia- 
ments than shall be thought reasonable, according to the qua- 
lity of the offence, and the faults committed, and not otherwise. 
So help you God,” &e. Greenwood on Courts, p. 346. 

In some cases the jury of the leet ascertained the amerciaments 
themselves. So in the proceedings of the leet at Stratford, 30th 
Sept. 1558: ‘‘ Mem. y‘ the xii men did amerce the offenders, and 
no Ferars [Affeerors] chosen.” That they had a right to do so, 
Sir Edward Coke has shown, 11 Rep. Godfrey's case. 

6 See Appendix. tad di fhe ffs 

? There were at that time four vacancies of the burgesses thefi~ aiataaa 
assembled. John Lewes was the last; he being the last person 
who had been elected a burgess; and I find that at a subsequent 
period, a few years afterwards (Sept, 6, 1564), the name of John 
Shakspeare stands the second in the list of burgesses immediately 
following that of John Lewes; so that it is clear that Shakspeare, 
together with John Taylor, William Smyth, haberdasher, and 
John Jones, whose names immediately follow in that list, was 
\ elected a burgess in the latter end of the year 1557, or early in 

1558, to fill up the four vacancies already mentioned. 


~ 


Dt Phin. - 


76 THE LIFE OF 


~ higher stations in the borough *. Having discovered, 


among the archives of Stratford, several scattered 
fragments, containing an account of the proceedings 
of the court leet, twice a year, from 1554 to 1562, 
which I have since arranged and bound up together, 
I am indebted to them for most of these facts; and 


as some of the orders and presentments made in this 
court exhibit a curious picture of the times, I shall 


insert a few of them in their proper places °. 

In September, 1561, Mr. John Shakspeare was 
elected one of the chamberlains of Stratford, which 
office he filled during the two succeeding years. On 
July 4, 1565, about fifteen months after our poet’s 
birth, he was chosen an alderman; and on the 12th 
of September following he took the usual oath’. 
The names of the aldermen, when he was chosen, 
are furnished by the books which contain an account 


of the proceedings of the corporation in their cham-° 


ber; but their occupation was not so easily learned, 


8 William Tyler was an ale-taster in 1557, and, like John 
Shakspeare, fined for non-attendance: Richard Hill executed the 
same office in 1555, William Perrot in 1558, and Thomas Dixon, 
otherwise Waterman, in 1559. All these persons were soon af- 


terwards aldermen. William Tyler was bailiff in 1563, Richard » 


Hill in 1564. Francis Harbage was constable in 1555, and bailiff 
in 1557; and Robert Perrot, who was bailiff in 1558, executed 
the office of constable in 1554, together with Adrian Queeny, 


who was bailiffin 1559. Humphry Plymley, who was bailiff:in~ 


1562, served the office of constable with John Shakspeare in 
1558; and William Smith, haberdasher, and William Tyler, who 
has been already mentioned, together with John Taylor, were 
joined with him as constables in 1559. 

9 See the Appendix, 

* Registr. Burg. Stratford. A. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 77 


being scarcely ever noticed in those records, except in 


the instances already mentioned, for the purpose of 


distinguishing two persons of the same Christian 
and surname. However, from various researches for 
other purposes, I have been enabled to ascertain their 
several trades; and I subjoin them, as it may tend 
to make us more intimately acquainted with the state 
of Stratford at this time. ‘The aldermen, when our 
poet’s father was elected into that body, were, 


Richard Hill, woollen-draper, who was then bailiff; 


Lewis ap Williams, ironmonger, and afterwards inn- 
holder ; William Smith, mercer ; George Whateley, 
woollen-draper; Ralph Cawdrey, butcher; Robert 
Perrot, brewer; Adrian Quiney, grocer; Roger 
Sadler, baker; Humphrey Plymley, mercer ; Robert 
Pratt, victualler and tipler ; John Wheler, yeoman ; 


William Tyler, grocer; John Jefferies, attorney, and , 
soon afterwards steward or town-clerk of the borough. ye 


In 1568 our poet’s father attained the supreme 
honours of the borough of Stratford, being then 
( elected high bailiff, an office which he held from 
, Michaelmas, 1568, to Michaelmas, 1569; and two 
‘years ‘afterwards, September 5, 1571, he was elected 
and sworn chief alderman for the ensuing year *. 

Tn the various leases granted by the corporation to 
several members of their own body, and to others, the 
occupation of the lessee is always mentioned ; but our 
poet’s father never having taken any lease from them 
(as far as I can find), after a reasonable waste of time, 
at Stratford, Worcester, and elsewhere, I began to 


2 Ibid. 


fe rf 
fx 


78 THE LIFE OF 


despair of ever being able to obtain any certain intel~ 

. ligence concerning his trade; when, at length, I met, 
with the following entry, in a very ancient manu- 
script, containing an account of the proceedings in the 
bailiff’s court, which furnished me with the long, 
sought-for information, and ascertains that the trade 
of our great poet’s father was that of a glover. 

« Stretford, ss. Cur. Phi. et Marie Dei gra. &e. 
secundo et tercio, ibm tent. die Mareurii. videlicet 
xvij. die Junii, ann. predict. [17 June, 1555,] coram 
Johni Burbage Ballivo, &e. 

« Thomas Siche. de Arscotte*® in com. Wigorn. 
querit." versus Johm Shakyspere de Stretford, in 
Com. Warwic. Glover, in plac. quod reddat ei oct. 
libras, &c.” 

The tradition that Mr. John Shakspeare was a 
woolman, or rather a wool-driver, for such was the 

. denomination used at Stratford, in his time, perhaps 
e arose, and certainly derived some little support, from 
avery slight circumstance. In a window of one of the 
houses in Stratford, which belonged to him, was 
formerly a piece of stained glass, now in my posses- 
sion, on which are painted the arms of the merchant 
of the staple *; and the same arms may be observed 


Coe Pers x |, Oe ae ewtte ArrchKet & Rengshet A 
3 Armiscotte, in Worcestershire, was probably the place here 
meant. I suppose Arscotte was the usual pronunciation. In the 
6th of Elizabeth I find a suit by Richard Hannes of Armyscotte, 
against John Lord, of Stratford. 
Arlescote, is a small village near Edghill, in the hundred of Kine- 
- ton, in Warwickshire; I can find neither Arscote, nor Alescote, in 
““ Worcestershire. , 
4 Barry, Nebule of six argent and gules, on a chief of the se- 
cond, a lion passant or. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 79 


on the front of the porch of the chapel at Stratford, 

built by Sir Hugh Clopton, who was Lord Mayor of 

London in the time of Henry the Seventh, and a 

merchant of the staple. But this circumstance, 

which I formerly mentioned as affording some sup- 

port to the traditionary tale, must now yield to supe- 

rior and unquestionable evidence. Expressum facit 

cessare tacitum, is good sense, as well as good law: 

_ This house, as we shall presently see, was purchased 

by John Shakspeare in 1574, and might have been 4 és ya 
previously possessed by a dealer in wool; or: the 4 Pie ae 
stained glass above-mentioned, which, pochnen; mane <— “7 
days of fanaticism and rebellion, was taken out of the erie 
ancient chapel. of the guild of Stratford, might have 77°: ye 
been placed there in the middle of the seventeenth — “<< 


sadn hatha 
century. Se ee 
The trade of a glover, at least in the metropolis, ~~“ es = . 


should seem, in the time of Queen Elizabeth, not tox. Foray ~ 2m 
Kuo Dana ee: _s 


have been an unprofitable one; for the demand for 
this article appears to have been very general. I find 
there were, at this time, at least five glovers in the 
town of Stratford®, and there may have been others, 
whose names I have not discovered. Gloves were 


5 Thomas Nichols, Gilbert Bradley, John Davies, Richard Rad- 
‘man, John Coxe, and —— Hyll, were all glovers at Stratford 
nearly at this period. One or two of them, however, may have 
been ssomewhat later. From an accompt made by Richard 
Hathaway and Wm. Smith, in 1618, it appears that the following 
seven persons were then glovers in Stratford: George Perry, 
jon. John Perkins, Henry Hill, Richard Nicholls, John Cawdrey, 
Augustine Boyse, Michael Hare. Besides these there were at 
least three other glovers then residing there, viz. John Smith, 
Robert Butler, and William Shaw, elder brother of Julius Shaw. 


Sie Ap Asem Btls 
l-y.e, 


— 


80 THE LIFE OF 


then a more ornamental part of dress than they are at 
present ; many of them being perfumed, and some 
decorated with gold®. The high-topped gloves of 
bishops, judges, and others. of the graver professions, 
were frequently trimmed with gold fringe ; and on 


Ja PMG. 
6 « — their fingers must be deckt with gold, sie and pre- 
cious stones, their handes covered with their sweete washed gloves, 
imbroidered with gold, silver, and what not.” Stubbes’s Anatomie 
of Abuses, 8vo. 1583. 
“Here, hold this glove, this milk-white cheveril glove, 
“* Not quaintly overwrought with curious knots ; ivaay 
** Not deck’d with golden spangs, nor silver spots, 
“Yet wholesome for the hand, as thou shalt prove.” 
Cynthia, a collection of Sonnets, by Richard 


Barnefield, 8vo. 1595, Son. xiv. 


* After that they presented to his Majesty a Greek Testament 
in folio, , . .and two pair of Oxford Gloves with deep fringe of gold, 
the turnovers being wrought with pearl; the cost 6/. a pair.” 
Account of King James's Reception at Oxford in 1605, 7 oe 
Mem, ii. 140. 

In the wardrobe account of Prince Henry, eldest son of James ‘i 
dated Sept. 28, 1607, the following articles occur: 

* One pair of gloves lined through with velvett, and laid with 
three gold laces, and gold fringe curled, Ixs. 

*¢ Two pair of Cordevant gloves, perfumed and laid with broad 
silver lace, and fringe curled, at 32s. Ixiiijs. 

*« Four pair of staggs leather gloves perfumed and fringed with 
gold and silver fringe at 16s. [per pair] Ixiiijs. 

** Six pair of plain gloves with coloured tops be? ecg 
perfumed, at 6s. [per pair] 36s. 

* Six pair plain gloves agegs coloured tops, and some white - 
at 3s. 

“Twelve pair fine ssi stiched, the fingers and the tops 
white silk and silver, and some trymmed with taffata and reben, 
at 11s.” Archeolog. xi. 93. 

In Chapman’s All Fools, a comedy, 1606, aldven from half a 
crown to twenty crowns a pair are mentioned. 


penne sis ae ree ~~ i Foeefe la ee evens By fF Lin 
Ganee “STO CAL. L. 2. he 4 “ e 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, “81 
the celebration of weddings, and the presentation 
of new-year’s gifts’, ‘gloves were a dex costly 
article. 

* About the 14th or 15th year of Queen Eliza- 
“beth,” [1571 or 1572,] says the continuator of 
_Stowe’s Annals, “the Right Hon. Edward Vere, Earl 
of Oxford, came from Italy, and brought with him 
gloves, sweet bags, a perfumed leather jerkin, and 

other pleasant things; and that yeare the queene had 
a payre of perfumed gloves, trimmed onlie with four 
tuftes or roses of ‘cullored silke*.” The chronicler, 
writing near fifty years after the period mentioned, is 
not quite accurate as to the time when this fashion 
“was imported; for the Earl of Oxford, as appears 
from Lord Burleigh’s Diary®, did not return to 
England, from his travels in Italy, till the year 
1576, which was the 18th year of Elizabeth. This 
foreign fashion, of perfuming and adorning gloves, 
“was, without doubt, soon imitated by the English; 
and, accordingly, I find that perfumed gloves were 
‘sold in common, in London, only two years afterwards, 
in 1578’: at a subsequent period, the pack of our 
poet’s Autolycus is plentifully furnished with them *. 
That a great number of persons followed this occupa- 


7 In the Manuscript Diary of Edward Alleyn, the player, pre- 
served at Dulwich College, is the following article : 
“1618. Jan, 1. Given Mr. Austin a pair of gloves, 11. 10s. Od.” 
8 Stowe’s Annals, published by E. Howes, fol. 1615, p. 868. 
The paragraph in question was an interpolation by the editor. 
9 Murden’s State Papers, p. 778. 
1 Florio’s First Fruites, 4to. 1578. 
2 Gloves as sweet as damask roses, 
Masks for faces, and for noses; ... 
Come, buy,” &c. Winter's Tale, Act IV. Sc. III. 


VOL, II. G 


8 
aac 


82 THE LIFE OF 


tion, may be collected from a petition presented to 

the lords of the council, in 1594, by the glovers 

dwelling within forty miles of London, against the 

leather-sellers, who, by engrossing the skins used in 
the manufacture of gloves (which were chiefly those of 
deer and goats), had so enhanced the price of that 

commodity, that if some regulation were not made 

to restrain them, thousands of glovers (it was alleged) 

would be forced to beg in the streets *. 

In the country, gloves of the most ordinary kind 
were, I find, sold at so low a price as four-pence the 
pair*; but those used by persons of a superior rank 
were undoubtedly much dearer; and sometimes, on 
marriages and other occasions, when gloves were 
intended to be given as presents, the country 
manufacturers vied with the Londoners in the 
ornament and expense of this part of dress. Tlie 
great profits of trade, however, depend rather on 
an equal and constant sale, than on the caprice of 
fashion, or the casual demands made on extraordinary 
and incidental occasions; and in this surer basis of 
successful commerce, the trade of a glover was not 
deficient: for, at that period, in the country, and 
probably in the metropolis too, he furnished his eus- 
tomers with many articles, beside gloves, of more 
necessary and ordinary use; with leathern hose, 
aprons, belts, points, jerkins, pouches, wallets, 

Ee Pe Tee agatchels, and purses: each of which, except, perhaps, 
7, the last, the lower classes of society had feangnt 
occasion to purchase. 


3 Strype’s Hist. of London, 


4 This appears from various inventories of the effects of dealers 
in leather at Stratford. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 83 


. SECTION VI. 


The manufacture of gloves, which was, at this 
- period, a very flourishing one, both at Stratford and 
Worcester (in which latter city it is still carried on 
with great success), however generally beneficial, 
should seem, from whatever cause, to have afforded 
our poet’s father but a scanty maintenance. Of his 
circumstances, about the time of his eldest son’s 
birth, some conjecture may be formed from a sub- 
scription entered into, for the relief of those that 
were visited by the plague, in 1564, and from other 
contributions towards the aid of the poor in the same 
year: the benefactions of John Shakspeare, at that 
time, seem to denote a moderate, though not the 
lowest, rank among the contributors °. He was not,“ pau the 


fenntae Sane oom 3 
i a COOK, Af: 


5 * Ata hall holden in oure garden, the 30 daye of Auguste, 
a’. 1564, money p* towards the relief of the poure. 


Mr’ Baylie, iiis. iiijd. John Taylor, viiid. 
Mr’ Alderman, iis. viiid. John Shackspere, xiid. 
M' Smyth, iis. vid. John Lewes, vid. 
M' Jefferies, xiid. Jhon. Sadler; viid. 
~M' Cawdre, iis. Jhon Aylmer, xiid. 
Mr Adrian Quiney, iis. vid. Will Tyler, xiid. 
M* Lewis, iis. W" Smyth, haberdasher, xiid. 
{i e. Lewis ap Williams] W™ Smyth, corvesar, iiid. 
John, Weler, iis. id. Jhon Belle, xiid. 
Robert Bratte, vid. W” Brace, ijs. 
Robert Parot, iis. vid. Thomas Dixun, viiid. 
M" Botte, iiiis.  'Th* Dyer, ijs. 


On the; 6th of Sep. the: bailif and six aldermen gave twelve 
penceeach ‘ to the relief of those that were visited ;” Mr. Quiney, 
G2 


84 THE LIFE OF 


indeed, then an alderman. ‘There is, however, 
abundant proof that, about twelve years after he 
had obtained that station, when our author was 
about fourteen years old, he was, by no means, in 
affluent, or even easy, circumstances. Though his 
wife was an heiress, and King Henry the Seventh had 
been very liberal to her grandfather, she brought to 
her husband, we have seen, no other land but the 
small estate of Asbies, which was mortgaged, for 
forty pounds, to Mr. Edmond Lambart, in 1578; 
probably to pay for the purchase of two houses in 


__-. | Stratford, for which that sum, precisely, was disbursed. 


The valuable lease, which had been made to her 
grandfather, it should be remembered, expired in 
1528, some years before she was born. With respect, 
however, to the distressed situation of Mr. Alderman 


Shakspeare, at this period, we have surer grounds 


to rest upon, than conjecture; for the following 
extracts, from the records of the borough of Strat- 
ford, afford a decisive proof of what has been sug- 
gested : 
“ Burgus ) Ad aulam ibm tent. xxix° die Janu. 
Stratford. ) arii, a° regni dne Elizabeth, &c. vicesimo 
[1577-8]. ne 
« At this hall yt is agreed that every alderman 
except such underwrytten excepted, shall paye 
towards the furniture of three pikemen, ij billmen, 


1s. 6d.; Jn. Shakspeare, John Sadler, Wm. Smyth, haberdasher, 

Jn. Botte, and Jn. Taylor, 6d. each ; and Rob. Brat, 4d.; and on 

the 27th of Sept. another donation nearly in the same proportion. 
Registr. Burg.’ Stratford. A. 


iseninata 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 85 


and one archer, vis. viijd. and every burgess, except 
such under wrytten — shall paye iijs. ivd. 
« Mr. Plymley, vs.° 
« Mr. Shaxpeare, iij. ivd. 
« John Walker, ijs. vid. 
“ Robert Bratt, nothinge in this place. 
* Thomas Brogden, ijs. vid. 
“ William Brace, ijs. 
* Anthony Tanner, ijs. vid. 
© Sum vili. xiiijd. 
“The inhabitants of every ward are taxed as by 
the notes to them delivered yt may appear.” 
« Ad aulam ibm’ tent. xix.? die Novembris a°  regni 
dn Elizabeth &c. xxi.° [1578] : 
“Itm yt is ordeined that every alderman shall 


.paye weekely towards the releif of the poore iiijd. 


saving John Shaxpeare, and Robert Bratt, who shall 
not be taxed to paye anythinge. Mr. Lewes and 
Mr. Plimley are taxed to pay weekely, eyther of 
them iijd. apece, and every burgesses are taxed 
weekeley at ijd. apece’.” 

An account of money levied on the inhabitants, in 
the following year (1579), for the purpose of pur- 
chasing armour and weapons of defence, corresponds 
with the foregoing statements; for the name of John 
Shakspeare is found among the defaulters °. 


6 Humphrey Plymley died in such poor circumstances in April, 


‘1594, that the sum total of his effects, as appears from his inven- 


tory, amounted only to 6/. 15s. 2d. 

7 Registr. Burg. Stratford. A. 

8 <* Accompt of money levied xi°. die Marcii An°. regine Eliza- 
beth xxi’. [1578-9]: by John Smith and William Wilson : 


86 THE LIFE OF 


A will, also, which I found some time ago, in the 
Prerogative Office, has furnished me with a further 
confirmation of the distressed circumstances of our 


High strete warde—als. ijd. 

Ship strete warde—xxxis. vid. 

Henley strete warde—xxxis. viijd. Sum vid. i iis, viijd. 
whereof disbursed iij/i. xis. xid..so remaneth xxxis, vijd. w™ was 
payd to M’ Barber, and not yet accounted for. 

Accompt of Richard>) Woodstrete warde. Received xlis. viijd. 
Court and James } Chueh strete warde - -  xiliiijs. viijd. 
Salisbury, for - 7 Bridge stretewarde - - xxxijs. xd. 

Sum vii. xixs. ijd. not 
accompted for ; remaneth. 
which was payd to Mr. Barber ; whereof leid out by him 


for iij corselets +. =f Rot ijl, xijs. 
for iij calivers with the furniture =) & Sigs xls. 
for the cariage ofthem = - - - vis. iijd. 
Sum wi. xviijs. iijd. Remaneth xxixs, ijd. dew by 
M' Barber. 
John Eonge—iiijd. 
George Badger—xiid. 


Thomas Ward—vid. 
t M'. Shaxpeare—iijs. iijd. 
, M' Nashe—iijs. iiijd. These somes are unpayd and unac- 
\ M' Reynolds—iijs. iiijd. compted for. 
William Brokes—ijs. 
Bazill Burdit—iiijd. 
Hugh Pyggyn—vid. 
Widow Bell—iiijd. 

« Richard Court ys to accompt for money collected by him for 
the hygh waye.” 

I am aware that among the above defaulters, are some persons 
who were probably in easy circumstances ; but though their neg- 
lect may not have arisen from want of money, the other proofs 
which have been given relative to the straitened circumstances of 
John Shakspeare, warrant us in supposing that he was.a defaulter, 
from its not being conyenient to him to pay the rate imposed. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 87 


poet’s father, at this time. Mr. Roger Sadler, as 
has been already mentioned, was a baker, in Strat- 
ford; and, living in the same street with him, pro- 
bably served him with bread. He died in the latter 
end of the year 1578. To his will, made on the 
14th of November, in that year (in which he appoints 
his: kinsman, and our author’s friend, Hamnet Sadler, 
one of his residuary legatees, as well as one of his 
executors), he has subjoined a list of debts due to 
him (a common practice at that time); by which it 
appears, that John Shakspeare was then considered 
insolvent, if not as one depending rather on the 
credit of others than his own '. 


The following extract from the register of the Bailiff’s Court is 
also observable. 
* Stratford Ape: dne Regine ibm tent. xiii. die Januarii, anno 
Burgus. / regni &c. vicesimo octavo [1585-6]. 
** Ad hunc diem Servien. ad Clavam burgi predict. retorn. pr. 


( , [preceptum] de distr. eis direct. versus J ohem Shackspere ad sect. 


Johis Browne, qa, predict. Johes Shackspere nihil habet unde 
distr, potest levari. Ideo fiat Ca. [Capias] versus Johem Shack- 
pere ad sect. Johis, Browne, si petatur.”” 
On the 2d of March following an alias Capias was issued against 
him. 
 ‘ Debtes which are owing unto me Roger Sadler. 
‘* Imprimis, of M'. John Combes, the elder, for.a horse, 3/. 
“Item, of the same J..C., dueto me by bond at Christmas, 
next 201, 
“ Item, of Richard Hathaway,” alias Gardyner, of Shottery, irae 2 2 Senet 


aoe, 


. 8s. 4d. 
‘ Item, of Edmond Lambart *, and Cornishe, for the debt of pw mae eo 


"Mr. John Shacksper, 51.” “eee 
< ann 


* Mr. Edmond Lambart, who it appears had entered into a we oe 
security for John Shakspeare to the amount of five pounds, and © et 
had also furnished him with forty pounds on a mortgage of his “72. “72 


RU ile. Con neo & SL f z 
ep Sy ee a ne ee itive Lookefea 
(Cag ene pa. Fee AF - igen eer a Fe 
v apg Parade TAIT A EY, ae pe Fae PS 7 } 


Rin, hm wens Sa? 


soe AER: 
a ceue page 


| me one Lame farnt om 


88 THE LIFE OF 


‘ In addition to all these concurring circumstances; 
we have the confession of our poet’s father himself; 
for, in'the bill which he exhibited in chancery, in 
1597, he describes himself asa “ man of very small 
wealth, and who had very few friends, or mean 
in the county of Warwick.” This declaration, in- 

deed, was made several years after the period now 
under consideration; but, at the same time, corre= 


+ fonts Annee = Sponding with all the various proofs here adduced, 


CarAret, Baker 
i Du tn ane Coney Sama 


Ae 


ef. /- 


, Serves, in some degree, to corroborate them. 

While this subject is under our consideration, the. 
following notices, preserved in a manuscript, in the 
Herald’s Office, which I have already had occasion to 
quote, require to be particularly considered. 

At tlie bottom of the grant of arms to John Shak- 
speare, made in 1596, we are told—*“'This John 


estate, lived, as we have already seen, at Barton on the Heath, in 
Warwickshire, where he died, according to his son’s account, 
about the year 1586. He was perhaps a relation of Mary Shak- 
speare ; for her mother, Agnes Arden, left a legacy to “ Joan 
Lambard,” who might have been the wife of Edmond. That 
Mr. Lambart was obliged to pay this debt for Mr. John Shak- 
speare, may be inferred from the statement made by Shakspeare 
himself in the bill which he filed against his son. [See Appendix./ 
The other friend of our poet's father, here mentioned, who, ac- 
cording to the mode of that time is familiarly called Cornish, was 
perhaps the son of Walter Cornish, who lived in Stratford, in 
Wood-street, as appears from the following entry in an account 
book of the bridge-wardens of Stratford: 

** Anno regni regis Henrici Octavi decimo sexto. 

“Item the saide Bruge-wardens lafte in the box at their de- 
partyng [a blank here in the original] the which was geven by 
the hole consent of the honesty of Stratford to the reparation of 
the tenement in Woode Streete in the tenure of Walter Cor- 
nyshe.” 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 89 


sheweth a patent thereof under Clarence Cook’s 

hands in paper xx years past *. Agr ee © 
A justice of peace, and was baylif, officer, ana LAT: 

chief of the towne of Stratforde upon Avon, xv or 


Xvi years past’. 

«That he hath lands and tenements of good 
wealth and substance, 500/. 

«That he married a daughter and heyre of Arden, 
agent. of worship *.” 

‘One of these assertions, it must be acknowledged, is is 
wholly inconsistent with the account I have now 
given, concerning the distressed circumstances of 
John Shakspeare; but, when the history of this 
paper is known, it will not, I conceive, tend, in the 
smallest degree, to invalidate the foregoing state- 
ment.’ - 

It appears, from another manuscript in the same 
office *, that Sir William Dethick, and Camden, had 


2 This grant was made by Robert Cook, Clarencieux ; and 
if it was made to John Shakspeare whilst he was bailiff, it must 
have been made between Michaelmas, 1568, and Michaelmas, 
1569, which was twenty-seven years at least before these notes 
were written. In the exemplification of 1599, the heralds ex- 
pressly say that John Shakspeare obtained a grant of arms while os 
he was bailiff: ye 

‘3 This also, as appears from the foregoing note, is a great inac- 7% 
curacy. ‘‘ Twenty-six or twenty-seven years past’’ would have ° 
been nearer the truth. x ws 
"4 Vincent, 157, No. 24.—A gentleman of worship was the* 4, 
phrase of the day, denoting a person of a respectable situation ;~“2-'~ sy 3 wee 
if not wealthy, yet at least in easy circumstances. BE SS ee 

SW. Z. p. 274. “The Answer of William Dethick, Garten * po 7% fi 


principal king of arms, to two matters, among others, whereof he<=-<~ 3%) eae 


was accused by some of the officers, whereof information was 5.-— Menara ke 


we yoy AA 


90 THE LIFE OF 


been charged, by some of the officers of the College of 
Arms, with having granted several arms wrongfully, 
either in respect of the arms themselves, which, -in 
some cases, were said to be too similar to others 
already possessed by various ancient families, or in 
respect of the persons to whom they were granted, 
who, it was alleged, were either tradesmen, or per~ 
sons of so low a condition as not to be entitled to such 
an honourable distinction. Among the persons to 
whom objection seems to have been made, on both 
these grounds, was John Shakspeare ; and the notices 
or minutes concerning him, above given, appear to 
have been short hints, preparatory to the defence 
which was made in form, on the 10th of May, 1602, 
before Henry Lord Howard, Sir Robert Sidney, and 
Sir Edward Dier, chancellor of the order of the 
Garter, against the libellous scrowl, as Dethick terms 
it, which had been exhibited against. him and 


Camden*; and, therefore, these notices are not to 


heard the Ist day of May before the Right Hon, Henry Lord 
Howard [Qr. Lord Henry Howard, afterwards Earl of North- 
‘ampton], Sir Robert Sydney, Lord Governer of Flushing, and 
Sir Edward Dier, Chancellor of the order of the garter, and 
day given the said Garter to answere hereunto, namely, the 10th 
of May ensuing, 1602.” roe 
6 «<The Answere of Garter and Clarenciaux, kings of arms, to 
a libellous scrowle against certen arms supposed to be wrongfully 
. given. ; 
a ‘‘ Right Honorable. The exceptions taken in the Scrowle of 
Arms exhibited, doo concerne these armes granted, or the per- 
sons to whom they have been granted. In both, right hon", 
we hope to satisfy your Lordships.” 
They then mention twenty-three persons, to whom they were 
charged with having granted arms improperly, either in respect of 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 91 


be implicitly relied on. It is observable, that when 
these officers made their defence in form, an extract 
from which is given below, they said nothing about 


the persons, or of the arms granted. Among these is found John 

Shakspeare ; against whom the charge seems to have been two- 
fold ; and without doubt, one of the allegations of the ** scrowle,” 
or bill of complaint (which I have in vain endeavoured to recover), 
was, that he was a tradesman. 

The answer of the heralds (as far as we are concerned with it) 
is as follows 

** Shakespere—It may as well be said that Hareley, who 
beareth gould a bend between two cotizes sables, and all 
other that [bear] or and argent a bend sables, usurpe the 
coat of the Lo, Manley. As for the speare in bend, is a patible 
difference ; and the person to whom it was ‘granted hath borne 
“Bagestrnky; and was justice of peace at Stratford upon Avon. He~ he Postal: «nites 
married the daughter and heire of Arderne, and was able to main-~<-« 4~ <*~ 74+ 
tain that estate.” AF? 

Ladd a few of the other answers, as they serve to confirm what 
I have suggested, that the occupation of John Shakspeare was 
one of the grounds of the complaint. 

** Peake.—Mr. Peake is no grasier, but he is a gentleman of 
Grayes Inn, well qualified in all good study and learning, and of 
competent living. But he made good proofe that this coate of 
arms was borne by his grandfather, John Peake of Thurlangton 
in Leicestershire,” &c. 

' Cowley.—This Walter Cowley, who as it cannot be denied 
to be descended of that house of Cowley in the county of Staff. 
untruly called Jronmonger, being unwilling to prejudice the heir 
of that house,” &c. 

*¢ Whitmore.—Mr. Whitmore a rich marchant of London, Fito 
in the countie of Salop, where he possessed fair Jands,” &c. 

* Elkyn. Lee.—Mr. Elkin and Mr. Lee, who are depraved 
as base tradesmen, it is well knowen they have bin both Sheriffs of 
London, and Mr’. Lee shortlie to be Maior of that cittie: so that 
it cannot be denied but unto men of that place of civil govern- 
ment, such honor of arms hath bin alwayes allowed in former 
ages.” MS. in Off. Arm. W.Z. p. 276. 


baie 


cocoa 


92 THE LIFE OF 


these ‘lands and tenements worth 500/.;” but only 
asserted, generally, that John Shakspeare married an 
heiress of good family, and was able to maintain that 
estate: and assuredly John Shakspeare never pos- 
sessed property of such value. I have already had 
occasion to observe, that the confirmation of arms, in 
1599, was obtained chiefly to do honour to our poet, 
as descended, by his mother, from the ancient and 
opulent house of Arden; and hence, probably, the 
insertion of the words, great grandfather, in that 
instrument, instead of grandfather, which is found in 
a former grant: Robert Arden, the favoured servant 
of King Henry the Seventh, being the grandfather 


_of John Shakspeare’s wife, and, consequently, the 
| great grandfather of our poet, who was then more 


—— 


ee 


ry 


\ 


immediately the subject of the heralds’ consideration 
than his father. It is extremely probable that they 
applied to him, on this occasion, for he was then in 
London’, to furnish them with materials for their 
defence; and as he, without doubt, stated to them 
the value of his own real property, at that time, they . 
might, when they wrote these minutes, very naturally 
suppose that it had descended to him from his father, 
who had died about nine months before. It is re+ 
markable that eight days before the hearing of this 
cause, our poet had completed a purchase (as we 
shall see hereafter), which, added to his former ac- 
quisitions, gave him lands and tenements nearly: of 
the value of five hundred pounds. Being, however, 


7 That our author was in London, in May, 1602, is proved by 
an endorsement on the back of a deed, which will be more par-_ 
ticularly mentioned hereafter. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE., 93 


I suppose, in due time apprized of their error, the 
heralds, when they drew up their defence in form, 
deserted their original ground, and made no precise 
mention of the landed property of his father. 
John Shakspeare was, however, certainly possessed 
of a freehold estate, derived from his wife, which I 
have already estimated; and of another small landed 
property, consisting of two houses, situated in Henley- 
street, in Stratford, with a garden and orchard an- 
nexed to each, which he purchased, in the year 1574, Z A-.4~- 4x? 
from Edmond and Emma Hall, for forty pounds *® se fF ef 
and which, at his death, descended to his eldest son. “7 “3 
Whether, antecedent to his purchasing these houses, 
he lived in either of them, as a tenant, is uncertain’s @ 4.2.0 < 


eS, 


and consequently the precise place of our poet’s birth, As FOP wat ome 
like that of Homer, must remain undecided. At the =a erry 
court leet, held in October, 1556, the lease of a house Ze ia 


Lee KE tow 
in Greenhill-street_ was assigned to Mr. John Shak- 7 my de = ee 

yp Peed AO PB aac 
- ht She bate fg ne 
* § This appears from the chirograph of a fine now before me —--~ eee A 


levied to John Shakspeare by Edmund Hall and Emma his wife, 72> 2 rey &. 


in Michaelmas term, 17 Eliz. [1574] which was obligingly com- —". * / ie =a 
| Ga to me by the late Charles Boothby mio hy ee 


a 

Clopton, Esq. grandson of Sir Hugh Clopton, of Stratford wee «<< ee 
Avon. That these two houses were situated in Henley-street, isz._> Me 2ffteme 
ascertained by a deed executed in 1639, by our author's grand.“ ae << Ae 
daughter and her husband, for which I was indebted to the same~~ <a 
gentleman, Joan Hart, our poet’s sister, to whom by his last ... 
will he devised one of them for her life, lived in it in 1639; and 
Joan Hiccocks, widow, in the other. One of these houses, a few 
years afterwards (1647), was the Maidenhead Inn, which was then 
kept by John Rutter, and was, in 1794, the property of Thomas 
- Hart, a butcher in Stratford, the sixth in descent from Joan Hart. 
The other was a few years ago sold by his father, Thomas Hart, to 


Mr. John Peyton of the same town. 


94 THE LIFE OF 


speare, by George Turnor, who was one of the bur: 
gesses of Stratford, and kept a tavern or victualling- 
house there ; and another, in Henley-street, was, on 
the same day, assigned to him, by Edward West, a 
' person of some consideration, who, during the reign 
of Edward the Sixth, had been frequently one of the 
wardens of the bridge of Stratford ®. Concerning any 
other land that he possessed or occupied, beside that 
which has been already mentioned, I have met with 
no notice whatsoever, except what was furnished by 
various searches in the chapel of the rolls, where E 
found that, in the year 1570, he held, under Wil- 
liam. Clopton, of Clopton, Esquire, a field, of about 
fourteen acres, known by the name of “ Ingon, alias 
Ington meadowe,” situated at a small distance from 
that estate which his son afterwards purchased’. Of 


c 9 “ Stratford super Avon. Vis fra Pleg. cum cur. et Session 
Saag pais tent. ibm. secundo die Octobris annis regnorum Philippi et 
in ~~ “<<: Marie, Dei gratia, &c. tertio et quarto [October 2, 1556]. 

tomipipaa ss [presentant] quod Georgius quae alienayit ue 


er >, E. Shakespere et hered. suis unum tent. cum . et croft. cu 
tn “| pertinent i in Grenehyll stret, tent. de Dito li libe +e cart. Predd. aa 
BM Sith ow we] dio p annu vi‘ et sect. cur. et idé Johes pd. in cur, ferit. dite 
“es Sie fidelitatem P eisdem. 
fot fr RC , It. quod Edwardus West alienavit pd. eo Johe Shakespere 
ail {unii tent, cum gardin, adjacen. in Henley street p redd. inde: ns 
ip ann. vi‘. et sect. cur. et idé Johes pd. in cur. fecit fidelitatem:” 
Greenhill-street, where one of these houses was.situated, was 
at the end of Rother-street, and seems to have been partaker more 
of the country than the town; for in the leet, Oct. 1, 1557, I 
find the following entry: ‘ Raf Hilton (presented) for his wyfe 
beyng a hedge-breker, and takynge and carryeng away of Nichols 
hedge in Grenehyll stret. And he stands amersyd.” 
1 In an indenture made June 11, 1581, is (in substance) the 
following recital: ‘* Whereas William Clopton by a former in- 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 95 


this little farm, the annual rent was eight pounds?; 
which is above eleven shillings an acre, and near 
three times more than the usual rent of that time. 
Some peculiar circumstances attending the ground 
must have been the occasion of so high a price having 
been paid for it. Probably there was a good dwell- 
ing-house and orchard upon it *. 

In the short notes, which I have had occasion par- 
ticularly to consider, the heralds mention that Mr. 


denture tripartite dated Dec. 11, 13 Eliz. [1570] and enrolled, 
between William Clopton and William Sheldon of the first part, 
Rice Griffin of the second part, and Edward Griffin of the third 
part, in consideration of 1550/. did fully and absolutely give, grant, 
bargain and sell to the said Rice Griffin all and singular the lands, 
tenements, &c. in Bishop Hampton, Stratford upon Avon, Ingon, 
the old towne of Stratford, &c. in the said former indenture par- 
ticularly mentioned, that is to say, one leasehold or pasture, &c. 
..-- and also one other freehold with the appurtenants, called 
or known by the name of Ingon alias Ington meadowe, ‘containing 
by estimation fourteen acres, be it more or less, then in the oc- 
cupation of John Shaxpere or his assigns,” Rot. Claus, 23 Eliz. 
. 10. 
: This spelling of our author's name, which, as we have already 
seen, was then very common, ascertains beyond a doubt how it 


“was pronounced in his own time, 


2 This appears from an indenture made May 30, 1568, between . 


William Clopton, Esq. of the one part, and Sir Robert Throck- 


morton, Sir Thomas Lucy, Knight, Edmond Plowden, Esq. Ralph, 
son of William Sheldon, Esq. William Underhill, of Newbold 
Reyel, in the county of Warwick, Esq. John Acombis, of Stratford 
upon’ Ayon, in the said county of Warwick, gentleman (and 
others), on the other part. Claus. 10 Eliz. p. 13. Ingon mea- 
dow was not then in the possession of John Shakspeare. 

3. This meadow, it is observable, is described as “ a freehold, 
with the appurtenances.” See Claus.13 Eliz. p. 6, and 23 Eliz, p, 10. 


ei 


96 |. THE LIFE OF 


John Shakspeare was a justice of peace; from which, 
however, we are not to suppose that he was in the 
commission of the peace for the county of Warwick. 
He was, in fact, only a justice of peace in Stratford, 
during the year when he exercised the office of bailiff, 
and the year when he was elected chief or capital 
alderman; each of whom, while they filled those 
stations, were invested, by the charter, with the full 
power and authority belonging to a justice of peace, 
within the precincts of the borough *. Lest, however, 
any doubt should be entertained on this subject, I 
think proper to add, that I have examined a manu- 
script list of the justices of peace, in each county 
in England *, made; in the year 1579, by order of 
Lord Burghley, and that the name of John Shak- 
speare is not found among them. 


' 


4 See the list of aldermen in a lease made to Ralf Camdrey i in 
the year 1555, p. 71, n.2. 

s MSS. Reg. 18 D. 3. 

Another ‘paper in the same volume furnishes a remarkable 
proof of the inaccuracy of our ancestors in the computation of 
miles ; and which, therefore, may be worth recording, though not 
connected with the present subject. It contains an account of - 
the posts which, it is said, were laid towards Ireland, ‘for her 
majesties speedier and better service, both for the carrying of 
packets and expedition of messengers,” in 1579, 1580, and 1581. 
The road through Lichfield to Chester is estimated at one hun- 
dred and thirty-three miles; and from Chester through Rhyd- 
land and Beaumarris to Holyhead, at fifty-four miles... Total from 
London to Holyhead, one hundred and eighty-seven miles. The 
real distance is two hundred and seventy-eight miles. At that 
time one packet-boat only sailed every week from pesca to 
Dublin. 


intel 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, | 97 


SECTION VII. 


In the age of Queen Elizabeth, to read and write, 
it is well known, was not nearly so common as at pre- 
sent, but was considered a valuable accomplishment. 
Fitzherbert, about thirty years before she ascended the 
throne, advises those gentlemen in the country, who 
could not write, to aid their memory by making 
notches on a stick®. About the time of our poet’s 
birth, the majority of the corporation of Stratford ap- 
pear to have been entitled to the eulogy bestowed by 
Jack Cade upon those who “ do not use to write their 
names, but have a mark of their own, like honest 
plain-dealing men ;” for out of nineteen persons who 
signed a paper, relative to one of their body who had 
been elected bailiff, ten of whom were aldermen, and 
the rest burgesses, seven only could write their names ; 
and among the twelve marksmen is found John Shak- 
speare’, To the order that has furnished me with 


©« The Boke of Husbandry, very profitable and necessarie for 
all persons.” 8vo. 1534. 

7 The mark of the bailiff is thus pompously introduced : 
“The sign manuel of George Whateley, high Bailiff” Among 
the aldermen, Roger Sadler, Ralph Cawdrey, and Lewis ap 
Williams, make their marks. Adrian Quiney, Humphrey Plymley, 
William Smythe, bsyabiy William Bott, and Richard Hill, sign 
their names. 

_ The mark of John 7 eae fr 8 is considerably below his name, 
the name immediately above, that if he had made his mark di- 
rectly opposite to his name, it would have intrenched on that of 
the person who preceded him. It was, indeed, his usual custom 
to set his mark lower than his name. In the latter part of his 


VOL, II. Hi 
; Baverlache f 
i Staatabibliothak - } 
Manchen f 


i 


98 THE LIFE OF 


this intelligence, which is dated Sept. 27, 1564, the 
high bailiff, Mr. George Whatley, and three of the 

aldermen, assented by making their marks. Of the 

burgesses, one only (William Brace) subscribes his - 
name. The mark then used by our poet’s father, 

nearly resembles a capital A, and was perhaps chosen 

in honour of the lady whom he had married. The 

same mark appears opposite to his name as one of the 

affeerors, appointed at the court leet, in October, 

1559. On the 29th of January, 1588-9, of twenty-. 
seven persons who signed a paper in the council-cham- 

ber of Stratford, fourteen make their marks; and 

among the marksmen are found Mr. William Wilson, 

the high-bailiff, and four of the aldermen. Such, 

however, was the change, and so great the improve- 

ment in this respect, in a short period, that about. 
eight years afterwards, out of twenty-eight persons 

who sanction another paper, on the 9th of January, 
1596-7 (including all the aldermen and burgesses of 
Stratford), seven only were marksmen *; and of nine- 

teen persons whose signatures are affixed to an order, 

YX made on the 27th of Sept. 1598, six only do not sub- 

scribe their names. 

Our poet’s father, however he might be counte- 
nanced by a great number of those with whom he 
lived in intimacy, who were equally deficient in this 
respect with himself, could not but have had frequent 
occasions in the course of his business to feel and la- 
ment the want of this useful accomplishment, and to 


life he contented himself with making a cross instead of the A, 
which he had formerly used. 
8 Registr. Burg. Stratford, A. 
ane. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 99 


observe the solid advantages derived from literary’ 


attainments, even of the lowest class ; and therefore, 
we may be sure, would not neglect the education of his: 
children. Perhaps a deficiency of this kind in‘a 
father of a good understanding, is one of the strongest 
incentives to take especial care that his son shall not 
labour under the same defect. 

At Stratford, there had been, long before the char- 
ter of incorporation granted by King Edward the 
Sixth, a free school for the education of youth®. By 
that charter, this school, which was ordered from 
thenceforth to be called The King’s New School of 
Stratford upon Avon, was confirmed and established 


9 Hugh Clonne, scholemaister of Stretford, was ‘admitted into 
the fraternity of the Guild of the Holy Cross in the year “1430 ; 
9 Henry VI. Registr. Gild. fol. xxxviii. b. 

The grammar school of Stratford, according to Leland (Itin, 
vol. iv. p. 2, fol. 167, a.), ‘‘ was founded by one Jolepe, a Master 
of Arts, born in Stratford, whereabout he had some patrimony, 
and that he gave to this schoole.” But both he and Dugdale are 
mistaken in the name of the founder, who ‘was Thomas Jolyffe, 
as appears by a rent-roll of the lands, &c. of the guild of the 


Holy Cross, made October 5, 1530 [22 Henry VIII.], and now 


I 


; 


er 


among the archives of Stratford; the last article of which is— 
** Redditus terrarum et tenementorum Magistri Thome Jolyffe.” 
The land which he bequeathed lay in the hamlet of Dodwell. 
The whole value of a close there, and of his tenements in the old 
town, and in Rother-street, tan at ‘that time’ only to 
21. 17s. 6d. 

The school seems to have been beph in our author's time in the 
chapel of the guild; for on the 18th of February, 1594-5, the fol- 
lowing order was made’ by the ‘corporation of Stratford: “ At 
this halle yt ys agreed by the Bayliffe and the greater number of 
the company nowe present that there shalbe no schole kept i in the 
chapel from this titne followinge.” 


H 2 


a. Meg emas - Foca 


5 rf be ge 3 


100 THE LIFE OF 
for ever, with a salary of twenty pounds a-year to the 


master. Here, without doubt, our poet was placed; 


and if we suppose him to have been first made ac- 
quainted with the rudiments of literature in the year 
1572, when he was eight years old, and to have con- 
tinued his grammatical studies to the year 1578, his 
instructors must have been Mr. Thomas Hunt (curate 
of Luddington, a village in the neighbourhood of 
Stratford), and Mr. Thomas Jenkins, who were succes- 
sively masters of the free school during that period '. 


* As it may gratify those persons who are more immediately 
connected with the town of Stratford, I subjoin as perfect a list 
as I have been able to form from various loose and unconnected 
papers, of the successive masters of the free school there, from the 
latter end of the reign of Henry the Eighth: 

1546, William Dalam (not Dalum, as ore has it). 
1554, William Smart. 

1563, Allen. 

1565, John Brownsworde. 

1568, —— Acton *. 

1570, Walter Roche. 

1572, Thomas Hunt. [ob. Ap. 7, 1612.} 
1577, (or before), Thomas Jenkins. 
1580, John Cotton. 

1583, Alexander Aspinall +. 

1624, John Trapp. 

1669, John Johnson. 

1689, Thomas Willes. 

1716, Gabriel Barrodale. 

1735, Joseph Greene. 


* Cambridge Coll. Corp. Christi. 1572, Tho* Acton, conv". 
2dus, matriculated, perhaps the son of Acton, schoolmaster. 

t+ Brazen Nose Coll. Alex’ Aspinall, Lanc. 20 ann. Oxon. 
venit 1573. Reg™. Matric. So he must have been born in 1553, 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 101 


Of his school-days, unfortunately, no account whatso- 
ever has come down to us; we are, therefore, unable to 
mark his gradual advancement, or to point out the 
early presages of future renown, which his extraordi- 
nary parts must have afforded ; for as it has been ob- 
served by a great writer of our own time, all whose re- 
marks on human life are sagacious and profound, 


1772, David Davenport. 
1774, James Davenport. 
1792, John Whitmore. 

In a paper without date of year, containing a list of contri- 
butors of certain sums as ‘‘a free and voluntary present to his 
Majesty, in pursuance to an act of parliament, and a commission 
thereupon issued, dated the 6th day of August last past;” signed 
by John Holbech, Rec. I find the name of ‘‘ Benjamin Bed- 
dome Schoole-master ;”” but I know not to what period he ought 
to be referred: perhaps to the reign of Edward VI. immediately 
after William Dalam. 

During the years 1575, 1576, and part of 1577, in the cham- 
berlain’s accounts, from which, during those years, I derive my 
information, the annual stipend is only stated generally to have 
been made “to the schoolmaster” without specifying his name ; 
so that it is uncertain whether the office during that period was 
filled by Mr. Hunt or Mr. Jenkins, though from preceding and 
subsequent entries, it is certain that it was filled by one or the 
other of those gentlemen. Mr. Thomas Hunt, who had the 
honour to be one of our poet’s school-masters, was buried at Strat- 
ford, April 12, 1612. Mr. Alexander Aspinhall, who was near 
forty years school-master of Stratford, and was chosen one of the 
burgesses, married Oct. 28, 1594, Anne, the sister of Julius 
Shaw, one of the witnesses to Shakspeare’s will. William 
Dalam, the first person in the foregoing list, was one of the five 
priests of the guild of Stratford, as appears by an ancient deed, 
executed March 10, 35 Henry VIII. which is preserved among 
the archives of that corporation. The other four priests at that 
time were, Roger Egerton, Nicholas Coterel, John Payne, and 


Thomas Hakyns. 
7 


102 . | THE LIFE OF 


Life truest, © there is no instance of any man, whose history has 
Ba oe been minutely related, that did not in every part of 
ees 6" life discover the same proportion of intellectual 
ee. vigour *.” Were our poet’s early history accurately 
known, it would unquestionably furnish us with many 
proofs of the truth of this observation ; of his acute- 
ness, facility, and fluency; of the playfulness of his 
fancy, and his love of pleasantry and humour; of his 
up hn. £4, fe Cdtiosity, discernment, candour, and liberality; of all 
ate gig those qualities, in a word, which afterwards rendered 
him the admiration of the age in which he lived. 
- How long he continued at school, or what profi- 
ciency he made there, we have now no means of ascer- 
taining. I may, however, with the highest proba- 
bility assume, that he acquired a competent, though 
perhaps not a profound knowledge, of the Latin lan- 
guage: for why should it be supposed, that he who 
surpassed all mankind in his maturer years, made less 
proficiency than his fellows in his youth, while he had 
the benefit of instructors equally skilful? His friend 
Mr. Richard Quiney, one of the aldermen: of Strat- 
ford in his time, who had certainly been bred some 
years before our poet, at the same school, his family 
having been long established in Stratford, was so well 
acquainted with that language, that his brother-in-law, 
Mr. Abraham Sturley, who was also an alderman, fre- 
quently intermixed long Latin paragraphs in his letters 
to him, several of which I have read ; nay, on one oc- 
casion I have found an entire Latin letter addressed to 
him *; and Mr. Sturley certainly would not have 


2 Dr. Johnson’s Life of Sydenham. 
7, Te 3 See Appendix, 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 103 


written what his brother could not understand. His 
eldest son too, Richard Quiney, who afterwards became 
a grocer in London, but returned finally to his native 
town, where he died in 1656, sent his father, »whilst 
he was employed in the metropolis on the business:of 
the corporation, a Latin letter, which, though it had 
been required.as an exercise from his master, it would 
have been ridiculous to send to one who could 
not read it*. In the school of Stratford, therefore, 
we have no reason to suppose. that Shakspeare was 
outstripped by his contemporaries. _Even Ben Jonson, 
who undoubtedly was inclined rather to depreciate 
than over-rate his rival’s literary talents, allows, that 
he had some Latin. Dr. Farmer, indeed, has proved, 
by unanswerable arguments, that he was furnished by 
translations with most of those topicks which for half 
a century had been urged as indisputable proofs of his 


‘erudition *°. But though his Essay is decisive in this 


respect, it by no means proves that he had not acquired, 
at the school of Stratford, a moderate knowledge of 
Latin, though perhaps he never attained such a mas- 


4 The writing of Latin letters to their fathers, appears to have 
been a common exercise enjoined to the scholars of Shakspeare's 
age. Thusin the Mastive, or Young Whelp of the Old Dogge 


[a collection of epigrams and satires], 4to. 1615, Signat. D. 


verso : 
‘** Who dares say Doltas speaketh barbarisme, 
«« That scholar-like, can make a syllogisme ; 
«* Can cap a verse which may deserve commend, 
« And hath his grammer rules at’s finger’s ende ; 
; «* Can write a’ pistle to his dad in Latin,” &c. 
5 “* Essay on the Learning of Shakspeare, by the Rev. 
Richard Farmer, B; D.” 8vo. 1767. 


104 THE LIFE OF 


tery of that language as to read it without the occa- 
sional aid of a dictionary. Like many other scholars 
who have not been thoroughly grounded in the an- 
cient tongues, from desuetude in the progress of life, 
he probably found them daily more difficult; and 
hence, doubtless, indolence led him rather to English 
translations, than the original authors, of whose 
works he wished to avail himself in his dramatick 
compositions : on which occasion he was certainly too 
careless minutely to examine whether particular pas- 
sages were faithfully rendered or not. That such a 
mind as his was not idle or incurious, and that at this 
period of his life he perused several of the easier Latin 
classicks, cannot, I think, reasonably be~doubted ; 
though perhaps he never attained a facility of reading 
those authors with whom he had not been familiarly 
acquainted at school. From Lilly’s Grammar, which 
we know furnished him with the rudiments of the 
Latin tongue, and a small manual, entitled Pueriles®, 


6 See the Dedication prefixed to his Arthur Gorges’ Transla- 
| tion of Lucan, by his son Carew Gorges, folio, 1614. ‘1 re- 
‘member this sentence in my Pueriles, Voluntas ubi desunt vires, 
est laudanda, &c,” From Peele’s historical play of Edward I. 
4to. 1593, if he did not intend a blunder, Pueriles and Cato’s 
Moral Distichs should seem to. have been the same book, with 
a double title: “It is an old sayde saying I remember I redde it 
in Catoes Pueriles, that cantabit vacuus,” &c. But Drayton 
mentions them as different : 
«* And when that once Pueriles I had read, 
** And newly had my Cato construed,” &c. 
Epistle to. Henry Reynolds, Esq. 
Tully's Offices was at that period a common school-book. 
“© Whereunto (says Peacham) I might add Gyges’ Ring and his 
[Tully’s] Offices, which booke, let it not seeme contemptible 


rm, 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 105 


and the Moral Distichs of Cato, he proceeded, as-was 
the fashion of that age, after reading Tully’s Offices, 
tothe Eclogues of Baptista Mantuanus’, and those of 
Virgil; and from thence, probably, to Cornelius Nepos, 
some parts of Ovid (whom he has cited in the Taming 
of the Shrew, and from whom he has taken the motto 
prefixed to his first publication), and finally, perhaps, 
to the Aineid of Virgil. Such I imagine was the pro- 
gress, and the extent of his scholastick attainment. 
He needed not, however, as Dryden has well observed, 
the spectacles of books” to read men ; and I have no 
doubt, that even from his youth he was a curious and 
diligent observer of the manners and characters, not 
only of his young associates, but of all around him; a 
study in which, unquestionably, he took great delight, 
and pursued with avidity during the whole course of 
his future life. 

That his father was compelled by the narrowness of 
his circumstances, and the want of his son’s assistance 
at home, to withdraw him from school, at least before 


unto you, because it lyeth tossed and torne in every schoole.” 
Comp. Gent. 4to. 1622, p. 45. 

Lord Burghley, Peacham tells us, was so fond of Tully’s Offices, 
that he always carried that book in his pocket. 

Drayton’s. Epistle, above quoted, furnishes us with the first 
poetry then put into the hands’ of learners ; Mantuan, and the 
Eclogues of Virgil. . 

For the method of teaching then adopted by school-masters, 
see Mount Tabor, or Private Exercises of a Penitent Sinner, 
8vo. 1639, p. 10, by R. W. [i. e. R. Wallis,] Esq. The 
author was, like Shakspeare, born in 1564. 

7 Of this author, then very popular, he has quoted the first 
line in Love’s Labour's Lost. 


106 THE LIFE OF 


the year 1578, to which period I suppose him to have 
remained there, though it is asserted by Mr. Rowe, no 
sufficient proof has been produced. At the free school 
of Stratford he was entitled to a gratuitous education; 
and he certainly could be of no great use to his father, 
before he had attained the fourteenth year of his age. 
He had, it should be remembered, three brothers: 
Gilbert, who was born in October, 1566, and without 
doubt derived his Christian name from Gilbert Bradley, 
a glover, who lived in the same street with John 
Shakspeare, and who was chosen a burgess on the same 
day that our poet’s father was elected an alderman; 
Richard, baptized March 11th, 1573, whose god- 
father was probably Richard Hill *, one of the alder- 
men of Stratford, and, I believe, related by marriage 
to his wife ; and Edmond, who was baptized May 3, 
1580, and, doubtless, derived his baptismal name from 
his father’s friend, Mr. Edmond Lambarte, with whom 
at that time he appears to have been on amicable 
terms, though a few months afterwards a breach took 
place between them. Gilbert, the second son, was little 
more than two years younger than our poet, and, at 
the time now under our consideration, was as capable 


8 Having found the will of Mr. Richard Hall in the Prerogative 
Office (which was made May 16, 1590, and proved Feb. 8, 
1593-4, in the beginning of which year he died), I hoped to 
have been able to ascertain this circumstance; but was disap- 
pointed. He bequeaths “ to every god child that he then had, 
12d.,” but does not mention any of them specifically by name. 

; On an action on the case being. brought in the. bailiff’s court 
, against our poet’s father, by Mr. Nicholas Lane, in Hilary term, 
\ 29 Eliz. [1587], Mr. Richard Hill entered into a special bail- 
(_ bond for the appearance of the defendant. 


— 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 107 


of carrying out parcelsof gloves for his father (all that 
a boy could do) as his elder brother. For this pur- 
pose, therefore, it was not necessary to impede the 
progress of the eldest son’s education. 

_ Instead of being brought home to:assist his father 
in. trade, various passages in his works incline me ‘to 


believe, that our poet’s ardent curiosity about that 


period, led him frequently to attend the court of re- 
cord, which sat at Stratford once a fortnight; in 
which the bailiff, with the assistance of the steward, 
or town clerk, who was always a legal practitioner, 
heard and determined all causes arising within the 


jurisdiction of the borough, where the matter in con- 


test did not amount to thirty pounds. ‘In this court 
the proceedings appear to have been very regular and 
orderly; they had their appearances, their essoins, 
their imparlances, their demurrers, their issues knit, 
and. their trials by jury, all in proper form. . There 
were at that time, in Stratford, at least six attorneys 
who practised in this court, beside Mr. Henry Rogers, 
the steward or town-clerk 1, who was also an attorney. 


t Mr. Henry Rogers was town clerk of Stratford in 1577, and 
continued to hold that office till Michaelmas, 1586. 
' This officer was called town-clerk at a very early period ; Mr. 
Richard Symons being so described in the account of the pro- 


' ceedings of the leet, October 5, 1554. 


Afterwards he was called steward, which name he uniformly 
bore from 1570 to 1610, when Mr, Thomas Greene, a solicitor in 
chancery, and a relation of our poet, is stated in the chamber- 
lain’s account to receive his salary by the name of town-clerk. 
From that time the two names were indiscriminately used. Sir 
Hugh Clopton, who filled the office in 1705, signs. himself 
seneschallus. The salary of the office was then 104. a year. 


hee Ar€ fou 


108 THE LIFE OF 


In the office of this person, who was immediately con- 
nected with the corporation, having a salary of seven 
pounds per annum, a part of which was given “ for 
assisting the bailiff and chief alderman with his 
counsel, in affairs appertaining to their office,” or with 
Mr. William Court, who appears to have been o¢ca- 
sionally employed by Mr. John Shakspeare, I suppose 


. our poet to have been placed for two or three years; 


and I think it very probable that his friendship with 
Mr. Francis Collins, who, I believe, was nearly of the 
same age, and afterwards was an eminent attorney at 
Stratford, commenced at this early period, in conse- 
quence of their passing some time in the same office. 
The comprehensive mind of our poet, it must be 
owned, embraced almost every object of nature, every 
trade, and every art, the manners of every description 
of men, and the general language of almost every pro- 
fession: but his knowledge and application of legal 
terms, seems to me not merely such as might have 
been acquired by the casual observation of his all- 
comprehending mind; it has the appearance of teeh- 
nical skill; and he is so fond of displaying it on all 


The successive town clerks of Stratford, in our author's time, 
were 
Mr. Henry Higford, 1560. 
Mr. John Jefferies, 1570. 
Mr. Henry Rogers, 1577. 
Mr. John Jefferies, jun. 1586. 
Mr. Thomas Greene, 1603. 
The principal attorneys of Stratford about the year 1580, were 
Mr. Henry Rogers above-mentioned, Mr. Thomas Trussel, Mr. 
William Court, alias Smith, Mr. Richard Spooner, Mr, Edward 


‘Davies, Mr. Richard Symmons, and Mr. William Bott. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 109 


occasions, that there is, I think, some ground for sup- 
posing that he was early initiated in at least the forms 
of law. Of this notion, which perhaps professional 
habits first suggested to me, I shall subjoin below, I 
will not say the proofs, but such circumstances as seem 
to me to render it extremely probable ?. 


2 « __. for what in me was purchas'd, 
‘ Falls upon thee in a much fairer sort.” 
King Henry IV. P. II. 
Purchase is here used in its strict legal sense, in contradis- 
tinction to an acquisition by descent. 
“Unless the devil have him in fee-simple, with jine and re- 
covery.” Merry Wives of Windsor. 
“s hile is ’rested on the case.” _ Comedy of Errors. 
— with dills on their necks, Be it known unto all men by 
te presents,” &c. As You Like It. 
— who writes himself armigero, in any d7//, warrant, quit- 
tance, or obligation.” Merry Wives of Windsor. 
“* Go with me to a notary, seal me there 
‘* Your single bond.” Merchant of Venice. 
**Say, for non-payment that the debt should double.” 
Venus and Adonis, 
On a conditional bond’s becoming forfeited for non-payment of 
money borrowed, the whole penalty, which is usually the double 
of the principal sum lent by the obligee, was formerly recover- 
able at law. Tothis our poet here alludes. 
* But the defendant doth that plea deny ; 
** To ‘cide his title, is impanelled 
«A quest of thoughts.” “Sonnet 46. 
vile Much Ado About Nothing, Dogberry charges the watch to 
keep their fellows’ counsel and their own. This Shakspeare 
transferred from the oath of a jury-man. 
* And let my officers of such a nature 
‘* Make an éxtent upon his house and lands.” 
As You Like It. 
** He was taken with the manner.” Love's Labour's Lost, 
« Enfeof'd himself to popularity.” 
King Henry IV. P. I. 


110 THE LIFE OF 


- »However this may have been, our poet appears to 
have continued at Stratford at least till the year 


“ He will seal the fee-simple of his salvation, and cut the entail 


from all) remainders, and a perpetual succession for it perpetu- ~ 


ally.” All's Well that Ends Well, Ne 
“ Why, let her except before excepted.” Twelfth Night. 
««— which is four terms, or two actions ;—and he shall laugh 
without intervallums.” King Henry IV. P. II. tit 
_ © — keeps leets and law-days.” King Richard II, 
«© Pray in aid for kindness.” Antony and Cleopatra. — 
No writer but one who had been conversant with the technical 
language of. leases and other conveyances, would have used de- 
termination as synonymous to end. Shakspeare frequently uses 
the word in that sense. See vol. xvii. p. 183, n. 3; and vol. xx. 
P- 235,n. 8. “From and after the determination of such term,” 
is the regular language of conveyancers. 
“ Humbly complaining to your highness.” 
King Richard ITI, 
** Humbly complaining to your lordship,’ your orator,” &c. are 
the first words of every bill in chancery. 
‘© A kiss in fee-farm! In witness whereof these parties inter- 
changeably have set their hands and seals.” Troilus and Cressida. 
«< Art thou a feodary for this act?” Cymbeline. 
See the note ‘on that passage, vol. xiii. p. 100, n. 6. 
“Are those precepts served?” says Shallow to Davy in King 
Henry IV. 
Precepts in this sense is a word only known in the office of a 
justice of peace. 
“Tell me, what state, what dignity, what honour, 
‘© Can’st thou demise to any child of mine?” K. Richard III. 
**— hath demised, granted, and to farm let,” is the constant 


language of leases. What poet but Shakspeare has used the * 


word demised in this sense ? 

“ This fellow might be in his time a great buyer of land, with 
his statutes, his recognizances, his fines, his double vouchers, his 
recoveries.” Hamlet. 

Perhaps it may be’ said, that our author in the same manner 
may be proved to have been equally conversant with the terms of 


— 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 111 


1585. “ Upon his leaving school,” says Mr. Rowe, 
“he seems to have given entirely into that way of 
living which his father proposed to him; and in order 
to settle in the world in a family manner, he thought 
fit to marry, while he was yet very young.” Our poet, 
like many other persons at. that period, entered into 
the matrimonial state when he was little more than 
eighteen years old ; but that this measure was proposed 
to him by his father, we have no evidence whatsoever, 
nor is it very probable. His writings, as well as the 
testimony of his contemporaries, afford abundant 
proofs of the warmth, the tenderness, and the sensi- 
bility of his disposition; and this, much more than 
any recommendation of his father, was the occasion of 
his wishing, at an early period of life, to participate in 
“the sweet silent hours of marriage joys;” for I be- 
lieve it will be found invariably true (and I wish to 
impress this truth on the minds of my fair country- 
women), that the most beautiful part of the creation 
have ever experienced the most ardent attachments in 
the bosoms of men whose manners were elegant, and 


divinity or physick. Whenever as large a number of instances 
of his ecclesiastical or medicinal knowledge shall be produced, 
what has now been stated will certainly not be entitled to any 
weight. Matoneg. 

A large addition might be made to this list.of the instances in 
which legal language has been used in Shakspeare. But as this 
notion, after it had been suggested by Mr. Malone, originally in 
a note appended to his Essay on the Chronological Order of 
Shakspeare’s Plays, Art. Hamlet, was adopted both by Mr. Steevens 
and Mr. Ritson, these gentlemen have called the attention of 
the reader to many passages of this description in the course of 
their comments. Boswett. 


6 


112 THE LIFE OF 


whose understandings and taste were vigorous 05 re- 
feet t 


“ 


« Imperious love hath highest set his throne 4.” - 


Anne Hathaway, whom our poet married, probably 
in June or July, 1582, was then in her twenty-sixth 
year, that is, seven years and a half older than her 
husband : a disproportion of age, which seldom fails, 
at a subsequent period of life, to be productive of un- 
happiness, and which, perhaps, about thirteen years 
afterwards, gave rise to a part of the following beau- 
tiful verses on the subject of marriage ; which no man 


in the gentlest 3 hearts Sm i 


who ever felt the passion of love, can read wie 


emotion: 


«Ah, me! for aught that I could ever read, 

** Could ever hear by tale or history, 

** The course of true love never did run smooth ; 
“« But either it was different in blood, 

“ Or else misgraffed in respect of years, 

** Or else it stood upon the choice of friends, 

“ Or, if there were a sympathy in choice, 

“* War, death, or sickness did lay siege to it ; 

** Making it momentany as a sound, 

** Swift as a shadow, short as any dream, 

“ Brief as the lightning in the collied night, 

** That, in a spleen, unfolds both heaven and earth ; 
** And ere a man hath power to say, Behold! 

“* The jaws of darkness do devour it up. 

“* So quick bright things come to confusion 5.” 


Perhaps, indeed, the same feeling suggested tha 


3 Gentle was used by Spenser and his contemporaries with 
the sense of generosus, bene moratus. 

4To the truth of this sentiment our author himself bears tes- 
timony in his Two Gentlemen of Verona : 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 113 


following judicious precept, at a still later period, when 
our poet was in his forty-third year: — 


“ Duke. —— What years, i’ faith? 
“ Viola. About your years, my lord. 
‘* Duke. Too old, by heaven! Let still the woman fic 
** An elder than herself: so wears she to him; 
- * So sways she level in her husband's heart ; 
** For, boy, however we do praise ourselves, 
** Our fancies are more giddy and infirm, 
“* More longing, wavering, sooner lost and worn, 
** Than women’s are. 
** Then let thy love be younger than thyself, 
* Or thy affection cannot hold the bent ®.” 


From this inequality of years, I have sometimes 
fancied that the object of our poet’s choice was a 
widow’. They were not married at Stratford, no 


as in the sweetest buds 
‘* The eating canker dwells, so eating love 
** Inhabits in the finest wits of all.” 

s A Midsummer Night’s Dream, Act I. Se. I. 

6 Twelfth Night, Act II. Se. IV. vol. xi. p. 403. 

7 This notion was first suggested to me by finding that Mr. 
William Wilson was married to Anne Hathaway, of Shottery, 
January 17, 1579-80; and I suspected that he died between that 
time and 1582. But, on a further examination, I found that Mr. 
William Wilson, who was an alderman of Stratford, lived to the 
year 1605.. She could not, therefore, have married Shakspeare. 
Besides, as I have observed above, it is much more probable that 
our poet’s wife was of Luddington. 

. The late Mr. Joseph Greene, vicar of Welford, near Stratford, 
imagined that our poet's wife was of Shottery ; induced, probably, fockefe- nfm ome 
by finding, in the Stratford register, the names ames of Richard “= °-?~' 
‘Hathaway, otherwise Gardiner, of Shottery, and his descendants, 
frequently occur; and he supposed that a remarkable house in 
Shottery, which in his’ time was the property of two ladies ‘of 
the name of Tyler,’ and had formerly belonged to an old Mr. 
VOL, II. I 


larbrble 
b: cect Fe 


Kat ~ 


ee Rit 


boo a ke my 
ww 


Slocm- pooton ye? 
Gat fowewrtAs Fi 
4 


i 


pix fb 


Gwetem {of foe 


hii Mr tha: at 
Govt f el —— a 


Re G4: Lee 


114 THE LIFE OF 
entry of their marriage appearing in the register of 
that parish ; nor have I been able to ascertain the day 


Quiney, might have descended from Thomas Quiney, on whose 
marriage, with the poet’s second daughter, he might have settled 
this house, which, it was s suggested, he might have acquired as a 
part of his wife’s portion. But it is clear, from Shakspeare’s will, 
that he had not paid his second daughter's portion, at the time of 
his death, though he had covenanted to give her 100/. which, ac- 
tok by he does, in his will; and he makes no mention of a 
house i in Shottery. 

hate Bartholomew Hathaway, a substantial yeoman, who was 

he possessor of the Shottery estate, and who, I believe, was the 
son of Mr. Richard Hathaway, born before the ‘commencement of 
the register, died at a good old age, in 1624. From his will, which 
was made December 16, 1621, and proved at Stratford, Decem- 
ber 6, 1624, I find that he had three sons ; John, Richard, and 
Edmond. To Richard he bequeaths twenty shillings; to 
Edmond, his third son, 120/. to be paid in seven years after his 
decease ; and to his eldest son, John, his messuage, in Shottery, 
with the appurtenances, and two yard lands and a half [about 
seventy-five acres], lying in the fields of Shottery and Old Strat- 
ford; limiting the said lands to him and the heirs of his body, 
remainder to his son Edmond, remainder to Richard, To each of . 
the children of his son John, viz. Alice, Richard, Anne, and 
Ursula, one of his best ewes. To his own daughter, Anne, the 
now wife of Richard Edwards, the sum of thirty shillings ; and to 
each of her seven [q. six] children, Avery, Bartholomew, Alice, 
Thomas, Richard, and Ursula, 6s. viiid. His executor is his son 
John; and Mr. John Hall, of Stratford, and Stephen Burman, of 
Shottery, his overseers ; to each of whom he leaves 2s. vid. Avery 
Edwards, the person above-mentioned, lived, in the year 1622, 
at Luddington, as appears from the collector’s subsidy book, 
19 Jac. in the chamber of Stratford. Richard oe 
baker, who was elected an alderman of Stratford, April 18, 1623, = 
and died there in October, 1636, was probably the Seti oe son of 
the above-named Bartholomew. 


oa sag Ife ., I do not believe that there was any other person of the name of 


wane + Lov B 
ee meso OF Braga Hathaway, who had an estate at Shottery; and Bartholomew’s 
Denti firmed © Ve fo 
ro Ae Bf 9 Ee Ig 
Vibe f (a area 
a2. Dekh poe 
ae op ‘ 
ee ate: oe 
pe re Be ES 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 115 


or place of their union, though I have searched the 

registers of several of the neighbouring’ parishes for ~, . ¢.. ; 
that purpose. The tradition, however, concerning é ee poe 
the surname of his wife, is confirmed by the will of ; 
Lady Barnard, our poet’s grand-daughter, which I 

discovered a few years ago; for she gives several lega- 

cies to the children of her kinsman, Mr. 'Thomas 

Hathaway, formerly of Stratford ; and still more de- 


daughter, Anne, we see, was married to Richard Edwards. The 

wife of our poet might, indeed, have been Bartholomew Hatha- 

way’s sister; but, as she was yet living when his will was made, 

and no mention is made of her in it, nor any memorial given to 

her, I think it improbable’that she should have been his sister. hed a nite. Whe 
I may add, in confirmation of what I have suggested (that our ‘~ sip Oe 

poet's wife was not of Shottery), that Susanna, the daughter of Doe ae pest 


On Pett a 
Thomas Hathaway (Shakspeare’s great nephew, as I believe), ae neg ie 


who was baptized at Stratford, June 11, 1648, and to whom, Pe 
without doubt, Mrs. Susanna Hall was godmother, is de- aig FD Kae 
scribed, in the parish register, as the daughter of Thomas Hath- 

away, without any addition; as are William, son to the same 
Thomas Hathaway, baptized April 19, 1640 ; Rose, his daughter, Atp Rp “a 


Z Fw - 
baptized November 6, 1642; and Elizabeth, another daughter, “75*,4.-> 2 


baptized January 10, 1646-7. Whereas, we find that Edmond, Boe cenins Frees 
**son to John Hathaway, of Shottery,” baptized November 23, sees, ilo 
1628, and Elizabeth, daughter of the same John Hathaway, of : ' 

Shottery, baptized January 22, 1625-6. This distinction is con= , | 5 
stantly preserved in the register. I mention these circumstances, 
as they show that the Hathaways, who were related to our poet’s 49 
daughters, were not of Shottery. Mrs. Judith Quiney was, with- * 


out doubt, sponsor for Judith, another daughter of the same 


le PRS Lez 
gy a wae 


A C02 Caren Pe eee 
Bewey Kar 

fuer £ Kew LH; 
Bl oltre cm, Rei £2 
on fpirrkeofor ome 
& Forges gee linthan 
VY aes Mh Fi 


é 


416 ; THE LIFE OF 


‘eisively by adeed, which was executed June 2, 1647 °, 


in order to lead the uses of a fine and recovery of our 


é poet’s estate, then in the possession of his eldest daugh- 
~ ter, Susanna Hall; in which the parties were, that lady, 


and her daughter, Elizabeth Nash, of the. first part ; 


_ William Smith, of the second part; and William 


Hathaway, of Weston upon Avon, yeoman, and 
Thomas Hathaway, of Stratford, joiner, of the third 
part. This Thomas Hathaway was, without doubt, 
either the son or brother of William; and was origin- 
ally not of Stratford, but, as I conjecture, of Weston, 
a town in Gloucestershire, about four miles from it: 

That he was not originally of Stratford, appears ‘not 
only from there being no notice of his baptism in the 
register of that parish, but from his having paid, asa 
foreigner, on the 25th of March, 1636, fifty shillings. 
for his freedom ; of which sum twenty shillings were 
restored to him, as a grace, by the corporation °. We 
have seen already, that our poet was naturally con- 
nected with the family of Arden. Mr. William Arden, 
who appears to have been second cousin to his mater- 
nal grandfather, Robert Arden, married a daughter of 
Edward Conway, Esq.’ a gentleman of large fortune, 

who was proprietor of Luddington, a village about 
two miles from Stratford. Some persons of the name _ 


‘8 Penes Charles Boothby Schrymshire Clopton, Esquire. _ 

9 Registr. Burg. Stratford, B. The ordinary sum paid by a 
native was but 3s. 4d. 

Mr. Thomas Hathaway died at Stratford, where he was asia 


Kor. ofan / /A2 January 15, 1654-5. 


© Cod. MS. in Officio Arm. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 117 


of Hathaway, were tenants to his grandson, Sir John 
Conway, early in the reign of Elizabeth, though one of 
them is said to have had a little patrimony of his own, 
probably at Weston ; and the Marquis of Hertford, to 
whom Luddington belongs, has informed me, that in 
his youth he rervembers a person of the name of 
Hathaway, a tenant on that estate*. Here, therefore, 
it is not improbable, Shakspeare found his wife ; and 
the marriage, in consequence of her father having 
some property at Weston, was perhaps celebrated 
either there (rather than Stratford, in which parish 
Luddington is), or at Billesley, of which parish the 
church is very little distant from Wilmecote, the ori- 
ginal residence of his mother. The ancient registers 
of Weston and Billesley having, like many other an- 
cient registers, been thrown by and lost, as soon as 
they were filled with names, and it became necessary 
to procure a new blank book, it is now impossible to 
ascertain this point °. 


~—_— 


« * Ihave since learned that Mr. John Hathaway farmed part. of 
this estate, till the year 1775, when he died. 
. 3 The earliest register of the parish of Weston now extant, 22. Ap sen 
begins in 1680. Weston being in the diocese of Gloucester, 1/7” a). is Soe 
hoped to have found, in the proper office there, a duplicate of the “<= ~-— "95 oy 
several entries contained in the more ancient register, which has ~ or, pe Puae 
been lost; but, after taking a journey to Gloucester expressly % fon hs Fi ten He 
| for the purpose, I was disappointed; no transcript of the names of 
is any persons married in the year 1582, being there extant. These 
very useful transmisses were, indeed, first enjoined to be sent 
from the various parishes, in each diocese, by the canons made 
in 1601; but, I apprehend, the practice, in some places, pre- 
vailed before. Though Cromwell's injunctions for the orderly G.<~/ Suse de 
registering of all marriages, baptisms, and burials, were not “~~ “<9 154: 
issued till 1538, I have seen some registers of an earlier date. 


— 


$62). 
7 


118 THE LIFE OF 


In May, 1583, our poet’s wife brought him a 
daughter, who was named Susanna; a name which 
she, perhaps, derived from Mrs, Susanna Collins, the 
wife of Mr. Francis Collins, already mentioned ; and, 
about eighteen months afterwards, she was delivered 
of twins, a son and a daughter, who were baptized 
(Feb. 2, 1584-5) by the names of Hamnet* and 
Judith. Shakspeare’s friend, Mr. Hamnet Sadler, 
and his wife, Judith Sadler, were, without doubt, 
sponsors to these children. Our author’s wife does 
not appear to have ever brought him another child. 


SECTION VIII. 


The course of the present narrative now leads us to 
advert to a circumstance, in our poet’s life, of the 
utmost moment ; since to it, if the tradition is to be 
trusted, we are indebted for his'removal from Strat- 
ford to London, and for the rich legacy which, in 
consequence of his connexion with the stage, he 
afterwards bequeathed to posterity ; and, if it be a 
mere fiction, it is the bounden duty of the historian 


The ancient register of Billesley is also lost, It is observable, 
that our poet's grand-daughter was married to her second husband 
in the church of Billesley (which is but three miles from Strat- 
ford) ; perhaps, in consequence of her grandfather's having been 
married there. 

4 In consequence of a mistake committed by the late Rev. 
Joseph Green, in making an extract from the register of the 
parish of Stratford, which he gave to the late Mr. James West, in 
1770, our poet’s only son was, for a long time, erroneously sup- 
posed to have been baptized by the name of Samuel. His true 
name I recovered from the register. 


_— 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 119 


of his life, minutely dnd explicitly to refute an un- 
founded calumny. The deviation from truth which 
the inquiries I have made have enabled me to 
detect, in several received accounts concerning our 
poet and his family, which, for a century, have been 
considered as authentick, did not originally much in- 
cline me to place an implicit confidence in the tra+ 
ditionary tale which I am now to relate: and a 
minute examination of it has, by no means, contri- 
buted to give it any additional support. I do not, 
however, mean to shake the credit of all traditionary 
evidence. There is, certainly, a great difference 
between traditions ; and some are much more worthy 
of credit than others. Where a tradition has been 
handed down, by a very industrious and careful in- 
quirer, who has derived it from persons most likely 
to be accurately informed concerning the fact related, 
and subjoins his authority, such a species of tradition 
must always carry great weight along with it. 

For the tradition which I am now to mention, we 
have no such authority. Our poet, we are told, at 
some period in his youth, gave Sir Thomas Lucy, a 
gentleman who lived about five miles from Stratford, 
such offence, that he was obliged, on this account, to 
quit his mative country, and to seek a refuge in 
London. “He had,” says Mr. Rowe, “ by a mis- 
fortune common enough to young fellows, fallen into 
ill company; and, amongst them, some that made a 
frequent practice of deer-stealing engaged him, more 
than once, in robbing a“park that belonged to Sir 
Thomas Lucy, of Charlecote, near Stratford. For. a eres 
this, he was prosecuted by that gentleman, as he=*-<? meni he 


thought, somewhat too severely; and, in order to“ aie oe 
< pea os f ot 


120 THE LIFE OF : 


revenge the ill-usage, he made a ballad upon him. 
And ‘though: this, probably the first, essay” ‘of his 
poetry be lost, yet it is said to have been so very 
bitter, that it redoubled the prosecution against him, 
to that degree, that he was obliged to leave his busi- 
ness and family in Warwickshire, for some simney! and 


shelter himself in London.” 
Such: is the tale which was transmitted to Mr. 
Rowe *, near a century after the death of our author. 


- 


5 Probably by Mr. Betterton, who made a journey to Strat- 
ford, to collect information respecting our poet. In the manu- 
script papers of the late Mr. Oldys, as Mr. Steevens relates, 
“‘it is said that one Boman (‘according to Chetwood, p. 143, 
an actor more than half an age on the London theatres’), was 
unwilling to allow that his associate and contemporary, Better- 
ton, had ever undertaken this journey.” 

This assertion of Mr. Oldys appears to me altogether unworthy 
of credit, not that I believe he meant to deceive, but he cer- 
tainly must have misapprehended Mr. Boman. Why any doubt 

. should be insinuated, or entertained, concerning Mr. Betterton’s 
having visited Stratford, after Rowe’s positive assertion that he did 
So, itis not easy to conceive. Mr. Rowe did not go there himself ; 
and how could he have collected the few circumstances relative 
to Shakspeare and his family, which he has told, if he had not 
obtained information from some friend, who examined the register 
of the parish of Stratford, and made personal inquiries on the 
subject ? 

“Boman,” we are told, ‘‘ was unwilling to believe,” &c. But 
the fact disputed did not require any exercise of his belief. Mr. 
Boman, who died in 1739, near eighty years old, was married to 
the daughter of Sir Francis Watson, Bart. the gentleman with 
whom Betterton joined in an adventure to the East Indies, whose 
name the writer of Betterton’s Life, in the Biographia Britannica, 
has so studiously concealed. By that unfortunate scheme, Betterton 
lost above 2000/.; Dr. Ratcliffe, 6000/. ; and Sir Francis Watson, 
his whole fortune. On his death, soon after the year 1692, Mr, 
Betterton generously took his daughter under his protection, and 


- was named by his opponent, have submitted to such ; Chik otmal fe 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 121 


There is nothing iw which stories of this kind are 
more deficient than dates. Their relaters seldom 
descend to such minute particulars, for special. good. 
reasons ; or rather, most carefully avoid them; and 
we are generally left, as in the present case, to find out, 
as we can, the time when the supposed fact happened. 
Allowing, for a moment, its reality, it cannot, with 
probability, be supposed to have happened tillsome |. 
years after our poet’s marriage, and after his wife had 
borne him three children; for those children were 
born and baptized at Stratford. Sir Thomas Lucy, 
and Sir Fulk Greville, the elder, we shall presently 
find, were chosen arbitrators, to make an award, in a 
suit between our poet’s friend, Hamnet Sadler, and 


. Ananias Nason (a farmer), in January, 1583-4. At 


that time, therefore, we may be certain, Sir Thomas 
Lucy had not exercised any severity against Shak- 
speare; for, had that been the case, his friend would 
not have chosen the knight as an arbitrator, or, if he 


se (oe az 


a a nomination. SSS 


ein taohed this story in print; but I have found oa en eer 
noticed, with some exaggeration, among the manu-. 2 Kw the Vag 
script collections of an industrious and very learned“ 27°" ~ 
antiquary of the last century, Mr. William Fulman®, 


educated her in his house. Here Boman married her; from 


which period he continued to, live in the most. friendly corre- 


spondence with Mr. Betterton, “and must have known whether he Bb fy hth 
went to Stratford or not... Kina WIth 
6 See an account of him in Wood's Ath. Oxon. ii, 823, edit. Pte : ha 
1721. He was born at Penshurst, in Kent, in 1632, and elected w.~.2 « 
Anneke 6 port 


fe fof as 


122 THE LIFE OF 


which are preserved in the archives of Corpus Christi 
College, in Oxford. Among Mr. Fulman’s various 
and valuable literary stores, are found some biogra- 
phical notices concerning the most eminent English 
poets. His researches appear to have been begun 
about the year 1670. At his death, which happened 
in 1688, he bequeathed his papers to. his friend, Mr. 
Richard Davies, of Sandford, in Oxfordshire, rector 
of Saperton ’, in Gloucestershire, and archdeacon of 
Lichfield, who made several additions to the labours of 
Mr. Fulman; and, on his death, in the year 1707, 
their united collections were given to the college 
above-mentioned, by Mr. Wood, executor to Arch- 
deacon Davies. Under the article Shakspeare, Mr. 
Fulman has left little more than the dates of his birth 


a scholar of Corpus Christi College in 1647. Being afterwards 
ejected by the parliamentarian visitors, he became tutor to the 
children of Mr. Peto, of Chesterton, in Warwickshire, where, for 
seven years, he found a comfortable retreat during the “Usurpa- 
tion, After the Restoration, he was elected a fellow of Corpus 
Christi College, and was presented by the president and fellows 
of his house to the rectory of Moysey Hampton, near Fairford, in 
Gloucestershire, where he died (‘to the reluctancy,” says Wood, 
* of many learned men”) June 28, 1688. The Life of Charles 
the First, which goes under the name of Dr. Richard Perenchief, 
was compiled from the papers of this learned man. Having, in 
his youth, been amanuensis to Dr. Hammond, The Whole Duty 
of Man has been, without sufficient foundation, ascribed to him, 
among many others. Anthony Wood derived much information 
from him, as appears by several of his letters to Mr. Fulman; 
whose biographical collections he much laments that he was not 
permitted to peruse. 
7 This place has been celebrated by Pope : 


** From Cotswold hills to Saperton’s fair dale.” _ 
Hor. Imit. D. ii. ep. ii. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 123 


and death, intending, probably, had he not been pre- 
vented, by a fever, which proved fatal to him, to sub- 
join, at some future period, such other particulars as 
he could collect: but Mr. Davies, who appears to 
have possessed none of the sagacity and erudition of 
his friend, has added to Fulman’s notes, respecting 
our poet, that “he was much given to all unlucki- 
nesse, in stealing venison and rabbits; particularly 
from Sir Lucy [for he did not even know the 
knight’s Christian name], who had him oft whipt, 
and sometimes imprisoned, and at last made him 
fly his native country, to his great advancement. But 
his reveng was so great, that he is his Justice Clod- 
pate; and® calls him a great man, and that, in 
allusion to his name, bore three Jowses rampant for 
his arms®.” This addition to Fulman’s notes, I be- 
lieve, was made about the year 1690. 


Sir Thomas Lucy was certainly a man of great 


consideration in the county of Warwick, where his 
family had been settled for several generations. He 
was born early in the year 1532’, the son of Sir 


8 This omission of the personal pronoun was not uncommon 
in the last age. See the Essay on the Metre and Phraseology of 
Shakspeare and his Contemporaries. 

9 Fulman’s MSS, vol. xv. article, Shakspeare, 

t The register of Charlecote, not commencing till after the 
birth of Sir Thomas Lucy, gives no information on this subject ; 
and his tomb is equally silent; butit appears, from an inquisition 
taken at Warwick, September 23, 1551, on the death of his 
father, William Lucy, that he was of the age of nineteen years, 
two months, and upwards, at the time of his father’s death, which 
happened June 24, 1551. He was, therefore, born in or before 
April, 1532. Esc. 5 Ed. VI. p- 2, n. 89. 


hte. 


124 THE LIFE OF 


William Lucy, knight, and the eldest of ten chil- 
dren, of whom five were daughters?; and he put 
“ his unhoused free condition” into that “ cireum- 
scription and confine,” which every man, of any sen- 
sibility, must prefer to cheerless celibacy, ata still 
earlier period than our poet; having married a rich 
heiress, Joice, the daughter of Thomas Acton, of Sut- 
Re a ao in Gloucestershire, Esq. when he was not fifteen 
(~~ <e~/ yearsold®. In 1558, about seven years after his father’s 


2 They are all enumerated in the will of his father, William 
Lucy; which was made June 23, 1551, the day before his 
death, = : 

3 Et predict, Willus Lucye sic de et in predictis maneriis, advo- 

caconibus, messuagiis terris, tenementis et ceteris premissis cum 
suis pertinent. seisitus existens, in consideracdne cujusdam ma- 
ritagii inter Thomam Lucye, armigerum, tunc filium et heredem 
apparentem dicti Willielmi Lucye et Jocosam adhunc et modo 
uxorem ejusdem Thome, filiam et heredem Thome Acton nuper 
_de Sutton in_com. Wigorn. armigeri defuncti, tunc habit. et so- 
lemnizat. (que quidem Jocosa in plena vita et xtatis sexdecem 
annorum et amplius modo existit apud Charlecotte predict.) 
Ac etiam pro diversis promissis et agreament. ex parte dicti Thome 
Acton cum prefato Willo Lucye fact. tunc vere observat.; Necnon 
in consideracdne et per implement. quorundam agreament. et 
CE S4EE* xprefat: Wilim. Lucye cum prefat. Thome Acton per- 
antea fact. et habit. idem Willus Lucye per cartam suam indentat, 
juratoribus predictis super capcdnem hujus Jnguisitionis in evi- 
dens. ostentatam cujus dat. primo die mensis Augusti anno regni 
nuper regis Anglie Henrici Octavi tricesimo octavo [1546] dedit, 
concessit, &e. Esc. 5 Ed. VI. p. 2. n. 89. 

It is remarkable that Sir Thomas Lucy, in an elaborate epitaph, 
which he wrote for his wife, and which I shall hereafter have oc- 
casion to quote, says that she was sixty-three when she died, 
Feb. 10, 1595-6. If the words relative to her in this inquisition 
are cited from the deed of 1546, then she must have been born 
in the year 1530, and consequently must have been sixty-six 


5 


- .- ee 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 125 


death, he rebuilt the family mansion-house, at Charle- 
cote ; and, in honour of his royal mistress, Elizabeth, it 
may be observed, that it is constructed in the form 
of the letter E; a species of gallantry, in which 
Henry the Second, of France, had set him an illus- 
trious example, not long before. To repay him for 
this testimony of his attachment and loyalty, she 
knighted him, in 1565, and Ratieeavent him with a 
visit, in August, 1572. 

In the reign of that queen, ten new jetgaeie 
were summoned. In her third parliament, which 
met April 2, 1571 (13 Eliz.), Sir Thomas Lucy, and 
John Hubaud, esquire (who was afterwards knighted), 
a friend and favourite of the great Earl of Leicester, 
represented the county of Warwick. This parlia- 
ment, having sat not quite two months, was dis- 
solved on the 29th of May. In the following par- 
liament, which met May 8, 1572, Sir Thomas Lucy 


‘was not a member; he, and his former colleague, 


being probably defeated, after a contest, by Mr. 
William Devereux *, and Mr. Clement Throckmorton, 


.a gentleman of ebiiattlekableé property in Warwick- 


shire, which he had represented in a preceding par- 
liament, assembled in January, 1562-3. The par- 
liament of 1572 having continued, in a very unusual 


when she died: if they relate to the time of taking the inquisition 
(Sept. 23, 1551), she must have been born some time in the 
year 1535, and could not have been more than sixty-one when she 


stones inaccurate. 


died. This is not the only instance in which I have found tomb- “% 7 7?- rae 
fn Fe 


— 


A otek 


4 Mr. Devereux having died soon after his election, Sir John ““~? ©- 77% 


Hubaud was elected in his room. 


126 THE LIFE OF 


manner, for nearly eleven years, Sir Thomas Lucy 
had not an opportunity of again offering his services 
to the county till the year 1584, when he was a 
second time elected to represent it, in conjunction 
with George Digby, Esq. This parliament, after 
having sat from the.27th of November, 1584, to the 
29th of March in the following year, was then pro- 
rogued, and never met again; being dissolved Sep- 
tember 14, 1586. Sir Thomas Lucy, therefore, 
was probably invested with the dignity of a county 
member, at the period when our poet is said to have 
incurred his displeasure. 

From the parliamentary history of those times, he 
appears to have taken an active part in the House of 
Commons, in several matters of importance ; and to 
have been one of that puritanical party °, who, about 


5 Mr. Strickland, a zealous puritan, or, in the words of my au- 
thor, “‘a grave and ancient man of great zeal,” April 6, 1571, 
made a long discourse to induce the house to order the preachers 
of the gospel to publish a confession of faith, as had been done 
at Strasburgh, Frankfort, &c. and to take order to purge the 
common prayer-book, and free it from certain superstitious cere- 
monies, as using the sign of the cross in baptism, &c. He said 
Mr. Norton, a member of that house, had a book composed for 
the purpose of effecting this kind of reformation, a reformation 
which he contended was “ not contrariant, but directly pursuant 
to our profession, that is, to have all things brought to the purity 
of the primitive church and institution of Christ.” 

’ Mr. Norton said, that he had such a book, but that it was 
not composed by him, but by virtue of an act of parliament, 
passed in 1532, by which eight bishops, eight divines, eight 
civilians, and eight temporal lawyers, were appointed to make 
ecclesiastical constitutions : in consequence of which the work was 
undertaken by Dr. Haddon, who composed the scheme or plan of 
the book, which was penned by Mr. Cheeke. This book, which 


7 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE., 127 


the middle of the Queen’s reign, while they resisted 
some unwarrantable extensions of prerogative, began 


was printed, was tendered to the house. Whereupon the follow- 
ing persons were appointed for the redress of sundry defections in 
those matters ; viz. all the’ Privy Council being members of the 
house, Sir Henry Neville, Sir Thomas Thynne, Sir Thomas Lucy, 
Mr. Norton, Mr. Strickland, and ten others.” Parl. Hist. iv, 105, 
D? Ewe's Journ. 156. 1 

Inthe Journals of the House of Commons this matter is thus 
stated: 

«© Veneris, 6 Apr. 1571. 

“* Upon a motion for uniformity of religion, and the mention of 
certain bills drawn for that purpose the last parliament, and for 
redress of sundry defections in those matters, a Committee is by 
the House appointed of these following; viz. all the Privy 
Council that are of this house, Sir Henry Neville, Sir John 
Thynne, Sir Thomas Lucy, Mr. Strickland,” &c. 

We again find Sir Thomas Lucy united with Mr. Strickland 
and Mr. Norton on a subsequent occasion : 

‘* Martis, prima die Maii, 1571. 

** Mr. Attorney-General and Mr. Doctor Huyoke do desire, 
from the Lords, that some of this house may attend upon six of 
the Lords to-morrow morning at eight of the clock, for conference 
touching the bill against priests disguising themselves in serving- 
men’s apparel ; which is granted ; and thereupon Mr. Treasurer, 
Sir Thomas Scotte, Sir Owen Hopton, Sir Thomas Lucye, Sir 
Henry Jones, Mr. Servient Manwood, Mr. Clare, Mr. Thomas 
Browne, Mr. Norton, Mr. Yelverton, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Moun- 
son, and Mr. Thomas Hussey, are appointed for that purpose.” 
Com. Journ. |. 87. 

‘The bill for respite of homage, with the bill for coming to 
church, and receiving the communion, was sent to the Lords by 
M«. Treasurer, M'. Comptroller, M'. Chan’. of the Dutchy, M'. 
Chan‘. of the Excheq’. S'. Thomas Smith, S'. Thomas Scotte, S*. 
Thomas. Lucy, M'. Norton, M*. Yelverton, M*, Strickland, &c. 
6 May. 1571.” Com. Journ. 1, 88. 

Towards the close of this session, I find Sir Thomas Lucy joined 


128 .. THE LIFE. OF 


to broach those republican doctrines, and to ‘attempt 
those ‘innovations, which, at a subsequent. period, 


with many other respectable members, in vindicating the honour 
of the House against acharge of corruption. 
; *© Lune, vicesimo octavo Maii, 1571. 

“All the privy council being of this house, S", Nic*. Arnolde, st 
Th’, Scott, S'. Thomas Lucy, Sir Humphry Gilbert, M', Recorder 
of London, M'. Mounson, Mr’. Yelverton, and M'. Wrothe, are upon 
some speeches uttered to this house, that some of the members 
of this house sh* take money for their voices, appointed to meet 
this afternoon in the Starchamber ; and to examine what persons 
being members of this house, have taken any fees or rewards for 
their voices, in the furtherance or hindrance of any bills offered 
into this house; and then afterwards to make report of the par- 
ticularities thereof unto this house accordingly.” 

** Martis, vicesimo nono Maii, 1571. ' 

** The Comittees for examination of fees or rewards, taken for 
voices in the house, do make report, That they cannot learn of - 
any that hath sold his voice in this house, or any way dealt un- 
lawfully, or indirectly,. in that behalf; and thereupon M*, Nor- 
ton, declaring that he heard that some had him in suspicion that 
way, justifieth himself, and is, upon the. question, purged by the 
voice of the whole house: and their good opinion of him and of 
his honest and dutiful dealing and great pains-taking in the ser- 
vice of this house, are in very good and acceptable part declared _ 
and affirmed by the like voice of the whole house.” Com. ern 
1.93; ; 
In the next parliament in which Sir-Thomas Lucy sat, on Manik 
day, the 14th of Dec. [1584] three petitions touching the liberty - 
of godly preachers, and to exercise. and continue their ministeries, 
and also for the speedy supply of able and sufficient men into di- 
vers places now destitute, and void of the ordinary means of sal- 
vation, were offered unto the house; the first by Sir Thomas: Lucy, 
the second by Sir Edward Dymock, and the third by Mr. Gates, — 
which were all thereupon read, and further proceedings: therein 
deferred until a more. convenient time. D' Ewe’s Journ. p. $89... 

These petitions, it should be observed,. were drawn up in the 
name of the Commons, to be presented to the House of Lords. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 129 


after having been duly matured in the. detestable 
school of Geneva, contributed, under the manage- 


‘ What was meant by the liberty of godly preachers, &c. may be 
collected from the fourth, sixth, and eighth articles of these pe- 
titions ; 

** 4. Further, that forasmuch. as it is prescribed in the form of 
ordering ministers, that the bishops with the priests present shall 
lay their hands severally upon the heads of every one that. re- 
ceiveth order, without any mention of any certain number of priests 
that shall be present; and that in a statute made 21 of King H. 
the eighth, is affirmed that a bishop must occupy six chaplains at 
giving of orders ; it may be considered whether it may be meet to 
provide that no bishop shall ordain any minister of the word and 
sacraments but with the assistance of six other ministers at the 
least, and thereto such only be chosen as be of good report for 
their life, learned, continually resiant upon their benefices with 
eure, and which do give testimony of their cure for the church of. 
God, by their diligence in teaching and preaching in their charge: 
and thatthe said ministers do testify their presence at the ad-' 
mission of such ministers by subscription of their hands to some 
act, importing the same: and further that this admission be had 
and done publickly, and not in any private house or chapel. 

6, That it be likewise considered whether for the better as- 
surance that none creep into the charge and cures, being men of 


-corrupt life, or not known diligent, it might be provided that none 


be instituted or by collation preferred to any benefice with cure of 
souls, or received to be curate in any charge, without some com- 

petent notice before given to the parishes where they take. charge,’ 
and some reasonable time allowed, wherein it may be lawful to such’ 
as can. discover any'defect in conversation of life in the person who 

is to be so placed as is aforesaid, to come and object the same. 

*¢8. Whereas sundry ministers of this realm diligent in their 
calling, and of godly conversation and life, have of late years 
been grieved with indictments in temporal courts; and molested by 
some exercising ecclesiastical jurisdictions, for omitting smal! 
portions or some ceremony prescribed in the book’ of Common 
Prayer, to the great disgrace of their ministry, and imboldening of 
men either hardly affected in religion, or void of all zeal to the 

VOL, Il, K 


130 THE LIFE OF 


ment of @ band of wicked arid artful hypocrites, to 
destroy, at once, the church, the nobility, and even 
the monarchy itself. He was, however, sturdily at- 
tached to his sovereign®. From a circumstance, re- 


same, whith also hath ministered no'small occasion of discourage- 
tient to the forwardness of such as would otherwise enter into 
the ministry ; some good and charitable means may be by their 
honourable discretions devised, that such ministers as in the pub- 
lick sétvice of tlie church, and in the administration of the sacra- 
ments, do use the book of common prayer allowed by the statutes 
of this redlm and none other, be not from henceforth called to 
question, for omission or change of some portion or rite as is afore: 
said, so theit doings therein be void of contempt.” 
. © On Tuesday, Feb. 23, 1584-5, * upon a motion began bik Sit 
Thomas Lucy, and continued [i. e. seconded] by Sir Thomas 
Moore, that those of this house which are of her Majesties: Privy 
Council, may in the name of this whole house be humble suitors 
unto her Majesty, that, forasmuch as’ that villainous traitor, Parry, 
was a member of this house in the time of some of his most hor- 
rible and traiterous conspiracies and attempts against her Ma~ 
jesties most royal person (whom Almighty God Jong preserve) 
her Majesty would vouchsafe to give licencé to this’ house, for 
that many are of the fellowship of the Association, to’ proceed to’ 
the devising and making of some law for his éxecution after his’ 
conviction, as may be thought fittest for his so extraordinary and’ 
horrible treason: It was resolved that those’ of this’ house being 
of her Majesties most honourable Privy Council, and now present 
at this motion, to wit, M™. Treasurer and M". Vice Chamberlain, 
shall exhibit the same humble suit of the House unto’ her Ma- 
jesty accordingly at their convenient opportunity.” D’Ewes’s 
Journ, 355. 

Sir Thomas Lucy was, without doubt, oné of the Associators 


| above-mentioned. Of the origin of this association, which in our 


own time-was so happily imitated at a moment when the whole 
nation was almost benumbed with the well-founded apprehension 
of the horrors of French anarchy, bloodshed, and impiety, being 
introduced into this country by domestick traitors acting in con= 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 131 


corded by Sir Simonds D’Ewes, he’ appears ; tidt: to 
have confined his’ cares solely to the promotion of a 
godly ministry; but to have -extended: them: to 
matters of comparatively: slight importance, and.to 
have been very active in the preservation ofthe game’; 
an activity that. gives some colour to’ the...story 
already mentioned, and which we shallpresently have 
occasion to review. He hadtwice served: the: office’ of 


éert with the vilest of the human race in’ France, Camden'gives 
us the following account : 

_ ‘Hine et ingruentibus undique periculorum rumoribus, ut pra- 
vis seditiorum consiliis insidiisque Occurreretur, et regine saluti, a 
quo et regnum et teligio dependit, consuleretur; plurimi, Leicestrio 
auctore, ex omni hominum ordine per Angliam ex communi cha- 
ritate, dum non illam sed de illa timuerunt, se associatione quadam 
mutuis yotis,, subscriptionibus, et. sigillis obstrinxerunt;. ad, ‘eos 
omnibus viribus ad mortem usque persequendos qui. in reginam 
aliquid attentaverint.” Annal. ii, 418. 

- On the next day (February 24, 1584-5), I find Sir Thomas Lucy, 
Sir Philip Sydney, the Lord Russel, Sir Walter: Raleigh, Sit 
Thomas Cecil, &c. composing a committee to considér ‘in what 
measure and manner they should supply her majesty by subsidy.” 

7 “ The bill for the preservation of grain and game, was, upon 
the second reading, committed to Sir Edward Hobby, Sir John 
Tracy, Mr. Lieutenant of the Tower, Sir Henry Nevill}. Sir 
Thomas Lucy, and‘others; and the” bill was delivered to the said 
Sir Thomas Lucy, who, with’ the rest,.was appointed to meet 
this afternoon [March 4, 1584-5], in the parliament house or 
parlour of the Middle Temple.” D’Ewes's Journ. 363. 

No act, on this subject, being found among the statutes: 
enacted this year, it appears that this bill, in” some ‘subsequent 
stage, was rejected. The purport .of it was probably the same.as 
that of an act passed in the seventh year of King James, e. 11, 
entitled “ An Act to prevent the Spoil of Corn and Grain, by un- 
timely Hawking, and for the better Preservation of Pheasants and 
Partridges.” 

K 2 


132 THE LIFE OF 


sheriff; in 1569, for the counties of Warwick, and 
Leicester (the shrievalty of those two counties being 
then united), and in 1578, for his own county. He 
was also very particularly connected with the town of 
Stratford, which he visited frequently, either as an 
arbitrator, to decide controversies between the inha- . 
bitants, as a commissioner for assessing subsidies, as 
a justice of peace at the quarter sessions, or to review 
the trained soldiers which the borough was obliged 
'to furnish for carrying on the Irish war, or for other 
‘purposes. If, therefore, our author was so unfortu- 
nate as to offend him, he certainly could afterwards 
find no safe or comfortable abiding in his native town, 
where he could not escape the constant notice of his 
prosecutor. ' 
~-To form a right judgment on this, as on many 
other subjects, it is necessary to take into our con- 
sideration the prevalent opinions and practices of the 
time. If these be attended to, in the present case; 
the act which has been imputed to our poet (with — 
what propriety we shall presently see), however un- 
justifiable, will rather appear in the light of a youth- 
ful indiscretion, in which light it is frequently repre- 
sented, than as a very criminal offence. That it was 
a common practice among the young men of those 
days, and, being wholly unmixed with any sordid or 
lucrative motive (for the venison thus obtained was 
not sold, but freely participated at a convivial board), 
was considered merely a juvenile frolick, may be 
inferred from a passage in a tract of that age, where 
it is classed with the other ordinary levities and 
amusements of youth. “Time of recreation,” (says a 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 133 


writer against stage-plays, in 1599), “ is necessarie, I 
graunt, and thinke as necessarie for scholars, that are 
scholars in deede, as it is for any. Yet in my 
opinion it were not fit for them to play at stoole-ball 
among wenches, nor at chance or maw with idle 
loose companions, nor at trunkes in guile-hals, nor to 
danse about May-poles, nor to rifle [ruffle] in ale- 
houses, nor to carouse’ in tavernes, nor to steale 
deere, nor to rob orchards*.” In like manner, 
Antony Wood, speaking of Dr. John Thornborough, 
who was admitted a member of Magdalen College in 
Oxford, in 1570, at the age of eighteen, and was 
successively bishop of Limerick in Ireland, and 
bishop of Bristol and Worcester in England, informs 
us, that he and his kinsman, Robert Pinkney, 
« seldom studied or gave themselves to their books ; 
but,” (as is related by Simon Forman ®, then a poor 
scholar of the ‘same college, who was chiefly main- 
tained by their bounty, and with whom they fre- 
quently associated), “spent their time in the fencing- 
schools and dancing-schools, in stealing deer and 
conies, in hunting the hare, and wooing girls'.” 
At the time here referred to, Thornborough was a 
bachelor of arts, and twenty-two years old. 

The following quibbling verses also, written by a 
contemporary of our poet, afford another testimany 
to the same point: © 


8 The Overthrow of Stage Plaies, 4to. 1599, p. 23. 

9 Afterwards the celebrated astrologer, who died in 1613.40 7.44 
Probably, the passage. quoted by Wood is found in one of Fo <4 te — 
man’s MSS. in the Ashmole Museum, in Oxford. Pu lege 

fe & 
1 Athen. Oxon. i. 371. 


134 -\ THE LIFE OF 


© ON DEARE-STEALING. 
Some colts, (wild-youngsters,) that ne’er broken were, 
“ Hold it a doughty deed to steal a deare : 
_ © If cleanly they come off, they feast anon: 
** And say their pray is good fat venison ; 
' If otherwise, by them it doth appeare, : 
' That that which they have stollen, then.is deare ?.” 


“It is clear, therefore, that this kind of trespass, 
even were it justly imputable to Shakspeare, would 


2 Wit's Bedlam, Ep.-98, 8vo. 1617. Written by John Davies, 
of Hereford; ‘as appears from a passage ‘in which the author says 
he was anative of that town, and a writing-master.. That this 
kind of juvenile frolick was generally unconnected with any lucra- 
tive motive, may also be inferred from the following verses, by the 
same author, in his Scourge of Folly, without date, but published 

“about the year 1611: 


“* Of Drusus his deere-hunting. 


‘* Drususin-stealing of a deere was kill'd, 
“So dyed, ere he had his belly fill'd 
“Thus, like a flea, in seeking but for food, 

“ Ere he was full, he lost his life and blood.” 


- How very common 1 the practice of stealing deer formerly was, 
may further appear from the following verses of Bishop Corbet, 
in his Iter. Boreale, which was written at some time between 
1614 and 1620. He is describing his fare at an inn, at Flower, 
in Northamptonshire, about three miles from Daventry : 

«* Now whether it were providence or luck, 

«« Whether the keeper's, or the stealer’s buck, 

“¢ There we had venison.” Poems, p. 2, edit. 1672. 

To the same purpose may be cited the following: passage: in 
Fuller's Worthies (Lincolnshire, 102), which shows manifestly 
how common deer-stealing continued to be, even to his time 
[1658] : 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 135 


not leave any very deep stain on his character ; being, 
in his time, considered merely as a playful “ trick of 
youth.” Let us now examine the ground on which 
he has been charged with it. 

From Mr. Davies’s account of this transaction, it 
should seem that, he either thought the trespass, 
which, according to him, consisted in purloining not 
only venison, but rabbits, was committed at so early 


a period of life, that Sir Thomas Lucy could, with 


propriety, punish the youthful trespassers by corporal 
chastisement; or, supposing them to have been 
adult, that the law inflicted such a punishment. The 
former of these suppositions, I have already shown to 
be highly improbable; and the other is equally erro- 
neous. By the statute 5 Eliz. ch. 21°, it was 


“« I will insert [says he], a letter of Lady Elizabeth, written to 
him [Peregrine Bertie] with her own hand ; and, Reader, deale in 
matters of this nature, as when venison is set before thee, eat the 
one, and read the other, never asking whence either came.” 

3 This act was certainly considered an important one, for I find 
the bill on which it was founded was either brought in by Mr. 
Comptroller of her Majesty’s household [Sir Edward Rogers}, 
or committed to him and others ; and when it passed the Com- 
mons, it was carried up to the Lords, by Mr. Secretary Cecil, 
afterwards Lord Burghley. Com. Journ. i. 64—68, compared | 
with D’Ewes, 83. 

It appears to have been much contested in its progress ; and in 
the different stages of the bill to have assumed different shapes 
and titles : 

** Jovis. Jan. 24, 1562-3. 

* The bill [for breaking of ponds, and stealing fish and 
coneys].” Com. Journ. |. 63. 

“ Mere. 3. Feb. 

- © The bill for robbing of ponds, and stealing of coneys, to be 
felony. Mr. Comptroller.” Com. Journ. |. 64. 
5 


> 


136 i THE LIFE OF 


enacted, that if any person, by night or day, break 
into or wrongfully enter’ any wane or other arias 


It is afterwards called « 4 “The bill for casiaielans of sca 
taking of fish, conies, or deer, out of parks and enclosed grounds.” 
It was engrossed on the 25th of February. The House divided 
on it, on the 8th of March, and it was carried to the Lords on 
the 11th, under the title of “A Bill to prevent the stealing’ of 
fish, deer, or hawks ;" the article of conies having, in the. pro- 
gress of the bill, been omitted, and the punishment of felony, 
which was originally proposed, changed to that mentioned in thé 
text. On the 29th of March, an additional clause or proviso to 
this bill was brought from the Lords, and there was a ‘division*on 
that proviso, on the 3lst of the same month. Com. Journ. i. 71. 
This proviso was, without doubt, the second in the Act, which 
enables the party. aggrieved, on certain conditions, to release a 
offender from his recognizance for his good behaviour. 

Thus, we find, this bill was above two months in its progress to 
a law, and the session lasted but three; from the 12th” of 
January to the 10th of the following April. 

By a former statute, made about twenty years before, 
$2 Hen. VIII. ch. 2. (to which this reasonable preamble is pre- 
fixed, “ Forasmuch as justice and equity requireth that every in- 
heritor and possessor of manors, lands, or tenements, within the 
realme of England should, according to their estates or posses- 
sions, peaceably and quietly have, take, and enjoy the profits, 
revenues and commodities of the same, as well in things of plea- 
sure, as in things commonly valuable; without injury, rapine,: or 
other extort wrong to be committed or done to any of them 
within or upon the same—”), it was enacted, that if ‘any 
person, with his face hid with hood or visor, or with painted face, 
or otherwise disguised, to the intent he should not be known, 
should steal deer or conies, in the day-time, in a lawful park or 
warren ; or if any person should steal deer or conies, in a lawful 
park or warren, in the night-time, he should-be adjudged guilty 
of felony of death. But tnis severe act subsisted but seven years, 
being repealed by 1 Edward VI. c. 12. Afterwards, it was revived 
for three years, by 3 & 4 Edward VI. c. 17; again, by the 7th 
of the same King, c. 11; and once’ more finally repealed by 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 137 


enclosed and used for keeping deer, before the making 
of this statute, or afterwards enclosed, by licence of 
the Queen, and hunt, drive out, hurt, or~ kill, any 
deer there, he shall, on conviction, pay to the party 
aggrieved treble damages, be imprisoned for ‘three 
months, and, after the expiration of that time, find 
security for his good abearing for seven years; the 
party aggrieved, however, is empowered, at any time 
within the seven years, or befure, to release, at his 
_ pleasure, the said suretyship for good. behaviour, the 
offender having first satisfied him in damages, and 
confessed his fault before the justices in open session. 
Corporal correction, therefore, we see, was no part 
of the punishment appropriated by law to this 
offence. 
The penalties of the act of Elizabeth were founded 
on a former law, repealed some years before, by which 
“this offence, in certain cases, was made felony. ‘If 
Shakspeare had been indicted on the statute of 
Elizabeth, he undoubtedly could easily have found 
the security required; nor could there have been any 
difficulty in making a compensation for the damage 
done; but he could not so easily commute the im- 
prisonment of his person. Without, however, in- 


1 Mar. sess. 1; c. i. Hence, however, it was, that when the bill 
was brought in first, in 1562-3, it. was. proposed to make the 
offence felony, and the stealing of conies as criminal as the 
stealing of deer. 

In the parliament which met in the 14th year of Elizabeth, in 
which Sir Thomas Lucy was not. a. member, another ineffectual 
attempt was made to punish the destroyers of rabbits « 

“* May 20, 1572. The Bill against hunting, and killing of 
conies, the first reading, and rejected.” Com. Journ. 1, 96. 


— 


- 


138 THE LIFE OF 


forming us whether he was imprisoned or not, the 
more modern relater of this anecdote tells us, that 
«thinking he was prosecuted somewhat too:severely, 
he revenged himself on his prosecutor by making \a 
ballad on him +.” And here, as formerly, we are left to 
explore, by conjecture, the date of this early essay of 
our poet’s muse. If he was indicted, this certainly was 
not a likely mode to conciliate the knight of Charle- 
cote, and to induce him to release the recognizance for 
good behaviour, to which the law entitled him. On 
the other hand, if he was only threatened with a 
prosecution, a lampoon would not contribute to miti« 
gate his adversary’s wrath, or to defend the criminal 
from its effects. We are, therefore, compelled to 
suppose, that our poet did not choose to abide the 
consequences of the prosecution ; and, before it could 
be commenced, fled from his native country, leaving 
it to.some friend to affix his verses on the park gate 
of the lord of Charlecote; for such is the tale which 
the late Mr. Oldys, and a Mr. Thomas Wilkes, have 
transmitted unto us. According to Mr. Wilkes, the 
story is said to have come originally from Mr. Thomas 
Jones, a gentleman, who, I find, lived at Turbich,a 
village in Worcestershire, about eighteen miles from 
Stratford, and died there in 1703, aged upwards of 
ninety. “He remembered (we are told) to have 
heard, from several old people of Stratford, the story 
of Shakspeare’s robbing Sir Thomas Lucy’s park ; 
and their aceount (Mr. Wilkes observes) agreed with 
Mr. Rowe’s; with this addition, that the ballad 


4 Rowe's Life of Shakspeare. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 139 


written by Shakspeare, against Sir Thomas Lucy, 
was stuck upon his park gate ; which exasperating 
the knight, he applied to a lawyer, at Warwick, to 
proceed against him *.” Mr. Jones, it is added, re- 
collected the first stanza of this ballad, which was all 
that he could remember of it; and to Mr. Wilkes, 
grandson of the gentleman to whom he repeated it, 
we are indebted for this fragment; which was given 
to the publick, in 1778, by Mr. Steevens, from the 
manuscript collection of the late Mr. Oldys®, to whom 


5 It;was not known that there were not less than five or six @~< a+ cofa— 
attorneys at Stratford, at this time. Hence it is that a Warwick © oa Pag ee ae 
lawyer was introduced on this occasion. MO ani’ 

According to this improbable account, our author commits an 
offence against a gentleman, who takes no notice of him; and 
then he writes a lampoon on the person whom he has injured, 
who becomes so exasperated that he determines to prosecute the 
offender. These relaters seem to suppose that our poet acted 
on the principle of his own Richard : 

‘I do the wrong, and first begin to brawl.” 

6 I have endeavoured to exhibit what Mr. Capel has left on 
this subject, in intelligible language; but am not sure that I 
understand him rightly. Asa specimen of his style, I will add his 
own words, which the reader will interpret as he can : 

“«* The writer of his ‘ Life,’ (the first modern) speaks of a ‘ lost 
ballad,’ which added fuel, he says, to ‘ the knight’s before con- 
ceived anger,’ and ‘ redoubled the prosecution,’ and calls the 
ballad ‘ the first essay of Shakspeare’s poetry :’ one stanza of it 
which has the appearance of genuine was put into the editor’s 
hands many years ago by an ingenious gentleman (grandson of 
its preserver) with this account of the way in which it descended 
to him. Mr. Thomas Jones who dwelt at Turbich a village in 
Worcestershire a few miles from Stratford upon Avon, and died 
in the year 1703, aged upwards of ninety, remembered to have 
heard from seyeral old people at Stratford the story of Shak- 
speare’s robbing Sir Thomas Lucy's park, and their account of it 


140 THE LIFE OF 


also this anecdote was communicated, by a relation of 
Mr. Jones.» I have since ‘been furnished with the 
—_— a which was found in a chest of drawers, 


repre 
F 


agreed with Mr. Rowe's, with this addition, —that the ballad 
written against Sir Thomas by Shakspeare was stuck upon his 
park-gate, which exasperated the knight to apply to a lawyer at 
Warwick to proceed against him. _Mr. Jones had put down in 
writing the first stanza of this ballad, which was all he remem- 
bered of it, and Mr. Thomas Wilkes (my grandfather) transmitted 
it to my father by memory, who also took it down in writing, and 
his copy is this [Mr. Capel then gives the first stanza]. An exact 
transcript, bating the O [Sing o lowsie Lucy]:” to which is 
added a note, telling us that “the people of those parts pro- 
nounce Lowsie like Lucy.” ‘* Mr. Jones of whom we had it 
[this stanza] originally was also the hander-down of that anecdote 
which has been given you in a note upon As You Like It [in Mr: 
Capel’s commentaries on Shakspeare, in quarto], and of this 
anecdote Mr. Wilkes quotes another confirmation in the erro - 
Mr. Oldys, a late stage antiquarian.” 

(Query. Of which of these anecdotes does this writer mean 
to name Mr. Oldys as the voucher? I suppose of that in As You 
Like It; though the word this, which he has used, should seem 
to relate to that which we are now considering.] 

As I have not the smallest doubt that the whole of this ballad 
is a modern invention, it is hardly worth while to examine the 
evidence concerning this first stanza: nor, indeed, is it very easy 
to comprehend Mr. Capel’s account. He first tells us, that this 
stanza was put into his hands, many years ago, by an ingenious 
gentleman, grandson of its preserver. I suppose, “ by the inge- 
' nious gentleman,” he means’ Mr. Thomas Wilkes, whom he 
| afterwards calls his grandfather. He then tells us, that though 
~ Mr. Jones had put it down in writing, and, we are to presume, 
gave it in writing to Mr. Wilkes, that gentleman transmitted it to 
his [Mr. Capel's] father by memory ; and from his father’s written 
copy, thus founded on ‘a memorial copy, he gives it to his readers, 
though he ‘has previously told them that, many years ago, a writ- 
ten copy was put into his hands by the grandson of the preserver 


_ 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. — 141 


that formerly belonged to Mrs. Dorothy Tyler 7, of 

Shottery, near Stratford, who died in 1778, at the 

age of eighty, and which I shall insert in. the Ap- _ oar 
__ pendix ; being: fully persuaded that one part of this “© 

ballad is just as genuine as the other; that is, that the 

whole is a forgery. The greater part of it is ae 


of this rarity, inhiche being one step nearer the original, should 
seem to carry with it more authority, 
I may add, that the other anecdote, which is said to be sin 
derived from Mr. Jones [that one of Shakspeare’s brothers lived 
till after the Restoration, and recollected having seen our poet — 
play the part of Adam, in As You Like It], is utterly impossible By. : 
to be true, as I ‘Shall show in its proper place. So much for Mr. 7. ‘fate 
Capel’s account of these verses. Horn a 
Mr. Oldys thus introduces the stanza of this ballad preserved 
by him, which corresponds exactly with Mr. Capel’s copy : 
** There was a very aged gentleman living in the neighbour- 
hood of Stratford (where he died fifty years since), who had not 
only heard from several old people in that town of Shakspeare’s 
transgression, but could remember the first stanza of that bitter 
ballad, which, repeating to one of his acquaintance, he preserved 
it in writing, and here it is, neither better nor worse, but faith- 
fully transcribed from the copy, which his relation se courte~ 
ously communicated to me: 


‘A parliemente member, a justice of peace, Tes ie ror 
«* At home a poor scare-crowe, at London an asse, 


** If lowsie is Lucy, as some volke miscalle it, 
** Then Lucy is lowsie whatever befall it : 
“ He thinks himself greate, 
“ Yet an asse in his state 
** We allowe by his ears but with asses to mate. 
* If Lucy is lowsie, as some volke miscalle it, 
* Sing lowsie Lucy, whatever befall it.” 
7 She was sister to Samuel Tyler, Esquire, who purchased an | otf y 
t 


estate, at Shottery, from the heir of Mr. Richard Quiney of 
London, and died at Shottery, in June, 1763, aged seventy. 


142 |) THE LIFE OF 


formed on various passages in the first scene of The 
Merry Wives of Windsor, which certainly afford 
ground for believing that our author, on some account 
or other, had: not the most profound respect for Sir 
Thomas Lucey. The dozen white duces, however, 
which Shallow is made to commend as“ a good coat,” 
was not Sir Thomas Lucy’s coat of arms; though Mr. 
Theobald asserts that it is found on the meyer 4 
one of the family, as represented by Dugdale. 
such coat certainly is found, either in Dugdale’ ete. 
quities of Warwickshire, or in the church of Charle- 
cote, where I, in vain, sought for it. It is probable 
that the deviation from tle real coat of the Lucies, 


which was gules, three lucies hariant, argent °, was 


8 It is remarkable, that the seal used by Sir Thomas’Lucy, 
was not that which is placed over his tomb; and which all the 
heralds have ascribed to his family, ‘‘ gules, three Lucies 
hariant argent,” but three of the same little fishes braced or 
entwined ; similar, in this respect, to a coat assigned to another 
ancient family. See Ferne’s Blazon of Gentrie, 4to. 1584; 
p-. 232. ‘‘ This [the shield in the margin]. you will confess'to 
agree with the name; and yet it is honourable as may be. It 
is the coat of Geffrey Lord Lucy. He did bear gules, three 
lucies hariant, argent.” 

In a subsequent page, the same author adds, “ In like man- 
ner, Troutbeck hath taken up three trouts, whose coat, for the 
order of bearing the charge, I will set before your face, in this 
scutcheon. This shield is azure, three trouts braced in triangles 
argent, borne by the name of Troutbeck.” 

A similar conceit may be observed in the arms of the Arundel 
family, which are sable, six swallows argent. In like manner, 
the family of Roche, who were Viscounts Fermoy, in bela 
bore three vocies in their arms. 

The quibble 'in the first scene’ of The Merry Wives of Windsor 
- without question, was’ intended to allude to the arms of Sir 


ei 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 143 


intentionally: made by our poet, that the application 
might not be too direct, and give offence to Sir 
Thomas Lucy’s son, who, when this play was written, 
was living °, and much respected, at Stratford. 

Other attempts have been made to recover this 
much sought-for ballad ; and, if we are to believe the 
author of a Manuscript: History of the Stage, full of 
forgeries and falsehoods of various kinds’, which I 


Thomas Lucy, and the pronunciation of the time aided the allu- 
sion. Lowsy, I have no doubt, was pronounced, as it is yet in 
Scotland, Loozy; and the name of Lucy, as pronounced in 
Warwickshire [Loosy], had a very similar sound. 
alas allusion to this coat of arms, and to his surname, Dr. 
William Lucy (grandson to Shakspeare's Sir Thomas Lucy), who 
finally became Bishop of St. David's, published in 1657, “ Ob- 
servations, &c. on Hobbes’s Leviathan,” under the disguised 
name of Christopher Pike; on which Waller very gravely ob- , pron = 
serves, that ‘no Englishman, who had not dabbled into latin’ ff uf 
would have changed so good a name as Lucy into that of a fish.” (... ¢ 
But we see, the Bishop did not need to have recourse to the AC 
Latin, Jucius ; the language of heraldry, at least, furnished him~~ 
the same word anglicised. 
- 9 Sir Thomas Lucy, the elder, the supposed prosecutor of 
Shakspeare, died at Charlecote, in the year 1600, as appears 
from the following entry in the register of that parish : 
“ Sir Thomas Lucy, Knight, departed this life the 6th day of 
July, 1600, and was buried the 16th of the same month.” 
He was, therefore, at his death, in the sixty-ninth year of his 
age [see the note quoted in p.123]. In the inquisition taken 
upon his death, at Warwick, September 26, 43 Eliz. 1601, he is 
_said to have died on the 7th of July; and so says his funeral cer- 4. 4..24 ads 
tificate, authenticated by his son. The same inquisition states J rt ant Fh 
that his son, Sir Thomas, was, at the time of taking it, forty-“7—* nay 
three years old, and upwards. Ese. 43 Eliz. p. 6. n. 7. clone. : 
1 William Chetwood, formerly prompter of Drury Lane theatre, 
the unblushing fabricator of numerous unseen and non-existing 


144 THE LIFE OF - 


perused some years ago, two stanzas of ‘it were 
rescued from oblivion by the learned Joshua Barnes, 
from a songstress in Stratford, about the year 1690. . 
The writer of these spurious verses, which are given 
below, unluckily did not know that the wife of Sir 
Thomas Lucy, whom he has represented as a wanton, 
was a lady of the most exemplary piety and virtue; _ 
and that a very high eulogy on her excellent qua- 

lities is yet to be seen in the church of Charlecote, 
written, as the author of it has mentioned, * by him 
who knew her best ;” without doubt, her husband, 
_who has particularly ee her for her pic aa 


& ~<~—~ ZZ editions of Shakspeare’s plays, of which he published a fictitious 


ben eae af & 
Ka ne 


catalogue, in 1751, while he was in the Marshalsea of Dublin, 


e~ <— “~———'was, I suspect, the author of this Manuscript History of the 


Stage, which, from some circumstances. mentioned in: it, dp- : 
pears to have been written some time between April, 1727, and 
October, 1730... The passage alluded to is as follows: ar 
‘* Here we shall observe, that the learned Mr. Joshua Barnes, 
late Greek Professor of the University of Cambridge, baiting about, 
forty years ago at an inn in Stratford, and hearing an old woman 
singing part of the above-said song, such was his respect for Mr. 
Shakspeare’s genius, that he gave her a new gown for the two) 
following stanzas in it; and, could she have said it all, he would 
(as he often said in company, when any discourse has casually: 
arose about him) have given her ten guineas ; eA 


« Sir Thomas was too covetous, 
** To covet so much deer, 

‘* When horns enough upon his head 
“* Most plainly did appear. 


‘* Had not his worship one deer left ? 
‘What then? He had a wife 

* Took pains enough to find him horns 
** Should last him during life.” 


7 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 145 


from any crime or vice,” and for “ her’ love and 
truth, and faithfull adherence to her’ a 
vows. ” 

- But to this, which as passed current for. one a 
century, and. to all the circumstantial evidence’ by 
which it seems to be supported, I have’a very plain 
tale to oppose. I conceive it will very readily be 
granted that Sir Thomas Lucy could not lose that of 
which he never was possessed’; that from him who is 
not master of any deer, no deer could be stolen. It 
is agreed, that. there never was a park at Charlecote 3 
and, if the knight never eat any venison but what 
came out of the park of Fulbroke, he certainly never 
partook of that delicacy ; for he never was’ possessed 
of Fulbroke;* nor was it enclosed in his time ; having ¢“14~-< 4 


habiny.t . Bé 


Lan-p to AK 


2 In the church of Charlecote is the following inscription, in “5 a = ze = 


honour of this lady : ORME 
“Here entombed lyeth the Lady Joyce Lucy, wife of Sir ae. Fog: 


daughter and heir of Thomas Acton of Sutton in the couiity of oe eed «<a 
_ Worcester, who departed out of this wretched world to her Caen Ofek Ma 
“heavenly kingdome, the 10" day of Feb’. in the year of our Lord <=. ~ 

God 1595 [1595-6], and of her age Ix and three: All the time ~ A fone fon 7a 
of her life a true and faithful servant of her good God ; never de- 3 ee fe 
‘tected of any crime or vice; in religion—most sound, in love Ree See YP 
her husband most faithful and true ; in friendship most constant ; — “< © fe eae 
to what in trust was committed to her, most secret: in wisdom © <—<~~?, ~~ 
excelling ; in governing her house and bringing up of youth in 2 7, <2" 5 
the fear of God, that did converse with her, most rare, and sin-“~7 ~ 7-~ ~<a 


= A great maintainer of hospitality ; greatly esteemed of >. - eee eeceeae 
her betters ; misliked of none unless of the envious. When all* ~~ oe 

is spoken that can be said, a woman’ so furnished and garnished w Pee 

with virtue, as not to be bettered, and. hardly to be equalled ofs—"~ 7 ZF 


any. As she lived most virtuously, so she dyed most godly. a ae 


fa Sangh 
** Set down by him that best did know what a 2 been written wah Lnwad- ee 
to be true, Tomas Lucy.”. ~~ -- pu f 209° 
VOL, Il. L 


146 THE LIFE OF 


been disparked before he arrived at the age of man- 
hood, in which state it continued during the whole of 
his life. In the first year of King Edward VI. John 
Dudley, Earl of Warwick, obtained a grant of the 
inheritance of this park; and on his attainder 
1 Mar. the Queen [March 8, 1554-5] gave the 
pannage and herbage of it to Sir Francis Englefield, 
who was one of her principal favourites, and Master 
of the Court of Wards; and, a few years afterwards 
(4& 5 Ph. &M.), she granted him the reversion 
of this disparked park (for so it is, again and again, 
expressly called), to hold of herself im capite.. In 
the first year of Elizabeth, Sir Francis Englefield 
went into foreign parts; from whence, I believe, he 
never returned. Being a Roman Catholick, and 
leagued with the enemies of the Queen on the throne, 
on the 27th of March, in the thirteenth year of her 
reign [1571], a commission was issued, to seize all 
such lands as belonged to him into the Queen’s hands. 
Whether he had, before that time, passed from him 
the disparked grounds of Fulbroke, I have not been 
able to ascertain ; but, however that may be, they 
assuredly were not purchased by our Sir Thomas 
Lucy, nor was he ever possessed of them; as appears 
by the inquisition taken at Warwick, after his death 
[September 26, 1601], which recites all the lands of 
which he was seized, in the county of Warwick and 
elsewhere, and does not mention Fulbroke. Neither 
was his son, Sir Thomas Lucy, who survived his 
father but five years, ever possessed of this manor. 
The fact is, that it was purchased some time in the 
reign of James the First, by Sir Thomas Lucy, 
grandson of our Sir Thomas, who, as Dugdale has 


oF _— 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 147 


truly stated, renewed the park, which, as we have 
seen, from the year 1554, had been disparked and 
unenclosed, and, by the addition of Hampton Woods, 
enlarged it considerably. 

_ In further confirmation of what I have now stated, 
it may be observed, that, though Sir Thomas Lucy 
lived on avery amicable footing with the corporation 
of Stratford, we never find any notice of their re- 
ceiving a buck from him, which they undoubtedly 
would have done, had he been possessed of a park so 
near them. To Sir John Hubaud, who lived at 
Ipsley, not many miles from Stratford, and to Sir 
Fulke Greville, the elder, of Beauchamps Court, 
near Alcetor, and his son (afterwards Lord Broke), 
to these gentlemen alone, from 1576 to the year 
1600, they appear to have been indebted for their 
venison feasts. 

- If, after all, it shall be said that Sir Thomas Lucy, 
though he had no park either at Charlecote, might 
yet, without any royal leave, have had some deer in 
his grounds, and that still our poet may have been 
guilty of the trespass which has been imputed to him, 
the objector must be told that no such grounds?’ 
were protected by the common law, every one 
having right to kill thereon all beasts of chase as 
fere nature ; and that the penalties of the statute 


"3 * A park is an enclosed chace, extending only over a man’s 
own grounds. The word park, indeed, properly signifies an en- 
closure: but yet'it is not every field or common, which a gentle- 
man chuses to surround with a wall or paling, and to stock with 
a herd of deer, that is thereby constituted a legal park ; for the 
king’s grant, or, at least, immemorial prescription, is necessary to 
make it so.” Blackstone, ii. 38. 

L 2 


148 / ( THE LIFE OF 


of Elizabeth, already mentioned*, as well as preceding, 
statutes on this subject, extended only to offences 
committed ‘in a legal park, our author, had he even 
been guilty of the act imputed to him, would not have 
fallen within the peril of the law. He might, indeed, — 
have been proceeded against by an action of trespass; 
but it never has been alleged that any civil suit was 
instituted against Shakspeare on this ground. In: 
truth, the objection which I have now stated is 
searcely worth considering; for of keeping deer in 
unenclosed grounds no example can be produced. . 
» That there never was a park at  Charlecote, is very 
easily proved. It is well known that, from the time’ 
of the Norman conquest, in consequence of the prin- 
ciple of the feudal law, that the king is the ultimate 
proprietor of all the lands of the kingdom, which are 
all considered as derived from him, and of his right by 
the common law, and by virtue of his royal preroga- 
tive, to all dona vacantia, which all beasts of chase 
are supposed to be, no person could possess a legal 
park but. by royal licence, or immemorial prescrip- 
tion. Hence it follows that, strictly speaking, no 
man was entitled, at common law, to hunt or sport 
éven.upon his own soil. By the grant of a chase 
licence to make a park or free warren, becoming, as 
Sir William Blackstone has well expressed it, a royal 
game-keeper, he obtained not only the power, but 
the sole and exclusive power of killing all beasts of 
venery, and all fowls of warren, so far as his chase, 
park, or warren, extended; and it was unlawful, at 
common law, for any other person to kill any beasts 


4 See p. 135; 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 149 


of chase, or fowls of warren, within its ‘precincts. 
Leland, whose journeys through England, as has 
been already mentioned, were made ‘between the 
years 1536 and 1542, never fails to take notice of 
every park that he passed by; but does not mention 
any park belonging to the Lucy family, though he 
rode by the mansion-house and demesne of Sir 
William Lucy, the father of Sir Thomas, which he 
has briefly described in his journey from Warwick to 
Stratford: Charlecote, therefore, certainly could not 
boast of any park by prescription or immemorial 
usage. If it shall be said that his son, Sir Thomas 
Lucy, at a subsequent period, might have made a 
park there, the answer is, that this could not have 
been done without a royal grant or licence: and it 
appears that he never did obtain any such franchise ; 
no trace of such a grant being to be found onthe 
patent rolls, during the whole reign of Elizabeth. 


SECTION IX. 

When our poet's mind was first applied to thesteieal 
subjects, is a curious speculation, on which, however, I 
am not furnished with sufficient documents to warrant 
any certain conclusion. At what time soever he re- 
moved from Stratford, he certainly had an opportu- 
nity of observing many modes of life in his native 
town, and his resolution to tread the stage might have 
been formed before he had ever seen London. - While 
he was yet a child, so early as 1569, the year when his 
father was chief magistrate, the Queen’s company of 
comedians, and the Earl of Worcester’s servants, visited 
Stratford; in 1573, Lord Leicester’s players were 


150 THE LIFE OF 


there; in the following year the comedians of in 

Warwick, and those of Lord Worcester; and in 1576 vi 

the latter — and Lord Leicester’s servants again 

visited that town’. In the period between 1579, 

when our poet was fifteen years old, and 1587, in 
«Lexy om which, or the preceding year, he may be supposed to 
tat y a? ‘have migrated to the metropolis,"some distinguished 

‘“/7°~ eompany of players entertained the inhabitants of 

cs, pa ls Af Stratford and its neighbourhood, by their dramatick 
|< ergdor ae “exhibitions every year but one; Lord Strange’s ser- 
a Joa. *.« vants, and the company, licensed by the Countess 
Dowager of Essex, in 1579; Lord Derby’s servants, in 
1580; Lord Worcester’s and Lord Berkeley’s, in 1581; 
Lord Worcester’s alone, in 1582; the servants of Lord 
Berkeley and Lord Chandois, in 1583 ; the servants of 
Lord Oxford, Lord Warwick, and Lord Essex, in 
1584; and a company of which the name is not speci- 
fied, in 1586. In the following year, no less than four 
different companies of comedians visited this town, 
among which were her Majesty’s servants °. 


s In the chamberlain’s account for 1569, I find the following 
articles : 
- Ttem, payd to the Quenes pleyers, ixs. 
- ‘Item, payd.to the erle of Worcesters pleers, xiid. V4 
vIn 1573—“ Item, p*to Mr. Bayly for the Erle of Leicesters 
players, vis. viiid.” 
vy In 1574—* Given my lord of Warwicks players, xviis. 
“ «Pp the earle of Worcesters players, vs. vid.” 
ad In 1577, ‘ P* to my lord of Leicesters nibs xvs. 
yu a 
vo ©1579. ‘Item paid to my Lord PR men the xi'" day of 
February at the cOmaundement of M" Bayliffe, vs. 
u~ * P* at the cOmandement of M' Baliffe to the countys of 
Essex plears, .xivs. vid.” 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 151 


; _ The usual place of representation appears to have 
been the Guildhall, which seems somewhat extraordi- 
nary, as perhaps no town in England had in it at 
that time more barns, any one of which should seem 
to have been better adapted to such exhibitions than 
the chamber or guildhall, and would certainly have 
held a more numerous audience. During several of 
the following years, with which we have less concern, 


“1510. ‘* P* to the earle of Darbyes players at the cOmaunde- 
1S 
— ment of M’ Baliffe, viiis. ivd.” 


Pe to the Lord Bartlett his players, iijs. ijd.” 
[Bartley was often written formerly for Berkeley.] 

‘Thus, in Dugdale’s Chronica Series, p. 105, we have “ Robert 
Bartley similiter, 28 Feb. Pat. 2 Car. p. 15;” and in the next 
page but one, the same person is called Robert Barkley : 

** Rob. Barkley constit. serv. regis ad legem, 12 April, Pat. 
3 Car. p. 8.” 

1582, ‘‘ Payed to Henry Russel for the earle of Worcesters 
players, vs.” 

-~ 1683. ‘* Payd to M* Alderman that he layd downe to the 
Lord Bartlitte his players, vs. 

~  ‘“ P*to the Lord Shandowes players, iiis. iid.” 

1584, ‘‘ Geven to my lord of Oxfords pleers, iijs. iiijd. 
 * Geven to the earle of Warr. pleers, iijs. iiijd. 
v~ * P* to the earle of Essex pleers, iijs. viijd.” 
1586. ** P' to M' Tiler for the pleyers, vs.” 
_ 1587. ‘ Item, p* for mending of a forme that was broken by 
the Quenes players, xvid. 

~ * Item, Gyven to the Quenes players, xxs. 
“It. Gyven to my lord of Essex players, vs. 
— ‘It. Gyven to therle of Leycester his players, xs, 

“ It. Gyven to another companye, iiijs. iiijd. 
_~ “It. gyven to my lord of Staffords men, iijs. iiijd.” 

Accounts of the chamberlains of Stratford in 
the respective years. 


162 “THE LIFE OF 


various companies of players occasionally visited Strat- 
ford?7. At length, at the very end of the Queen’s 
reign, this town appears to have been infected by the 
new and illiberal doctrines of puritanism, which after- 
wards overturned the church and state, and banished 
every art and every elegance from England. | Before, 
however, the dominion of the Saints was completely. 
established, their disciples at Stratford were able:to 
procure the following anathema to be issued out by 
the corporation, against the itinerant sons of 'Thespis: 

“17 Dee. 45 Eliz. 1602. me 


“At this Hall yt is ordered, that there shall be no 


~ > 7/1592. * Paid to the Queenes players, xxs.” The account of 
Henry’ Wilson, chamberlain for 1592. sob 
/ 1593. ‘* Paid unto the Queenes players, xxs.” Account of 
John Sadler for 1593. 
- 1596. “ July 16 and 17, paid the Queens plairs, xs.” Memo-. 
randum made by Richard. Quiney at the end of a paper con- 
taining an account of the charges of his journey to London in 
that year. :. 
~ . It appears by another memorandum on the same paper, that 
Lord Derby's and’ Lord Ogle’s servants also visited Stratford in 
that year. 
1597. ‘* Item. p*. for four company of players, xixs, ilija. . 
Account of John Smith, chamberlain for 1597. 
At Stratford, however, what. old Ben complains of in’ his 
Discoveries, : was experienced as well.as at London, and “the 
puppets were seen in spight of the players,” as appears by an 


item in the account of 1597: “Item, P* toa man at Mr. Lewis. 


by the appointment of Mr. Sturley then Bailiffe for the Show of 
the citie of Norwiche, iiis. iiijd.” 

So also in the chamberlain’s account for 1583 : 

“* Payd to Davi Jones and his companye for his pastyme’at 
Whitsontyde, xiiis. iiiid.” 

Davy Jones was an inhabitant of Stratford. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 153 


plays or interludes played in the chamber, the guild- 4.2... « 
hall, nor in any parte of the howse or courte, from =<. foael 
hensforward, upon payne that whoever of the baylief, .< — 7 
aldermen, or burgesses of the boroughe shall ine i 
leave or license thereunto, shall forfeyt for everies—* <<~ “= 
offence—xs.°” sane 
In consequence of this order, during the whole 
reign of James the First, I have found but two the- 
atrical performances at Stratford; and at length the 
puritanical zeal went so far, that in the year 1622 
the king’s players were paid for not playing in the 
hall °. 
"In his native town, as I have already observed, 
Shakspeare had an opportunity of seeing a good deal 
of life in miniature, and many of those objects which 
he afterwards delineated with such a masterly hand. 
Stratford was by no means so inconsiderable a town, 
even in his time, as I believe it has been generally 
supposed, . Camden, in 1586, calls it emporiolum non 
inelegans ; and at.a still earlier period it is represented 
as “one of the fairest market towns in Warwickshire.” 


Ue-s 


8 Registr. Burg. Stratf. B. 

9 The account of Richard Robins, chamberlain for the year 
1622. The sum paid to the King’s company for depriving the 
town of the entertainment which these comedians meant to have 
given, was only six shillings. 

’ We find the same puritanical disposition in other places about 
this period. Soin an account of the chamberlains of Kingston 
upon Thames, in 1621; ‘ P* by Mr Bailiff to a company of 
Players, because they should not playi in the Townhall, O/. 10s. Od.” 4 
See Lysons's Environs of London, i. 234. 

‘Again, in 1625: “ To the Kings Players, because they should 
not play in the Townhall nor in the towne, for five yeares, 

01. 10s. Od.” Ibid. 


154 THE LIFE OF 


The number of houses was, I believe, not less than 
three hundred in the early part of the reign of Eliza- 
beth ; in the parish, which, we have already seen, was 
in cireuit fourteen miles, there were “ fifteen hundred 
houseling people,” that is, persons who received the 
communion, before she ascended the throne; and in 
1590 the parish was supposed to contain three thou- 
sand souls. They had two great fairs every year, to 
which many persons from the adjoining counties re- 
paired. Though the charter did not invest the cor- 
poration with the power of holding courts-leet, they 
exercised this and several other rights by prescription, 
with the sanction of the lord of the manor, Ambrose, 
Earl of Warwick, who frequently made them a per- 
sonal visit’; and at Easter and Michaelmas every 
year their court-leet sat. The leet was usually held 
at the college mansion-house ’, of which some account 


1  P' for the chardges at the Swanne the fyrste of October, 
when my Lorde of Warrwick was here, xiis. iiijd, 

“ Payed to Willyam Smyth for halfe a pound of sugar yim was 
geven to my Lord when he was here, xd. 

‘* Payed for an oxe formy Lord of Warr. viil. xis, Od. 

* Payed for grass and dryving of the same oxe, iis.” 

Account of Thomas Gordayne, chamberlain for 1582. 

“ P* John Smith upon his bill for wyne bestowed upon my 
Lord of Warricke, xis. viiid. 

‘“‘]tem for a pottel of claret wyne a pottel of sacke and half a 
pound of sugar for my lords officers at the grete Leet, iijs. id.” _ 

Account of Richard Courte, from Mich. 1583, to Mich. 1584. 

In the chamberlain’s account for 1576, I find this entry : 

“ Paid for candells the Lete court day at night, iiijd.” 

2 ** Item pied for wyne to the Colledge when the. Leight 
[Leet] was, vs.” Account of John Taylor and Anthony Tanner, 
chamberlains for 1578. 


iam mei 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 155 


already has been given. 'They had, we have seen, a 
court of justice, which sat every fortnight in the year, 
and was attended by several skilful attorneys, some of 
whom resided in the town. They were frequently 
visited by the principal justices of peace for the county, 


** Payd fora pottel of clarett, and pottel of sacke and half a 

pound of suger-to my: lords officers at the Lyght [Leet], iiis. iid.” 
Account of Richard Courte from Mich, 1582, to Mich. 1583. 

Again, i in the account for the year 1585: 

«Paide for one gallant of claret wine sent to my Lords offi- 
cers when they kept the Lete,. ijs. 

** One pottle of sacke, xvid. 

** Sugar halfe a lb. ixd. 

** Paide for wine sent to my Lo. his officers at the Lete after 


Michaelmas, one pottle of sacke, xvid. “Tow 2 fh 
cr eae < 
** One pottle of claret wyne, xiid. ae, er ho i 

*¢ Sugar, halfe a lb. ixd.” Z 6) 


In the account for 1586 : La 1099 © Janet 
“ P* for. ij quarts of clarett wyne and a quart of sack at the Cae iia onthe =, 
Lete in April, ijs. vid. 2 preee - 
*¢ P4 for half a pound of sugar, viiid. Lh. (000. tfa. 
« P4 to M' Bailiffe for wine and sugar that he gave to my Lo. — Toy 
his [my Lord’s]: Steward, ijs. ijd.” ; 
In the account for 1587: 
** Item for wyne and sugar bestowed upon my Lord of Warr. 
hys Steward at the two Letes, iiijs. id.” 
' Again, in 1588: 
‘It. for wyne and sugar the 21 of April bestowed on the 
Steward of the Lete, xvid. 
“It. for wyne and sugar bestowed upon hym at the Lete in 
October, 1588, xxiid.” 
The leet was, however, sometimes held at one of the principal 
inns, as appears by the account of John Smith, chamberlain for 
the year 1601 : 
« Paid fora potell of claret wyn and a quart of sacke at the 
Swaiie when Mr Ballye did dynner with M' Fauster at the Beare, 
“at the great Leat ihere then kept, ijs. iiijd.” 


p) 


156 THE LIFE OF 


(Sir Fulke Greville the elder, Sir Thomas Lucy, Sir 
John Harrington, Mr. Ralph Verney, Mr. Clement 
Throckmorton, Mr. Henry Goodeere, Mr. Roger Bur- 
goyne, &c.) as reviewers of the trained men, as com- 
missioners of subsidy *, and at the quarter sessions *; 
who, without doubt, furnished the admiring crowd 
with many “ wise saws and modern instances.” In 
consequence of the criminal jurisdiction of the leet and 
sessions, they had stocks, a pillory, and a gaol*®; in 
which our poet could not fail of finding a “ wild 
Halfcan,” and some “ rapier-and-dagger men :” while 


3 See A 

4 “1587. It ad by M* Jefferies for the fyne and for the fees 
for a presentment of a highe wey at the Quarter Sessions, xs, viiid. 

1604. P* for lyme to mend the guildhall before the Quarter 
Sessions, Sep. xxviii. ixd, 

«« P* for ij bottles of. claret wyne bestowed on the. Justices at 
the Quarter Sessions, Octob. 2. ijs. 

“It. to Heminge [the Beadle] for candles used at the: Quarter 
Sessions, id. 

“1570. Item paid to Humphrey. Getley for mending. of the 
stoxe, xiid. 

** 1566. Item paid to M' Tyler towardes the reparacon of the 

_Pyllorie, xviijs. vid. 

** 1583. P* to Richard Cowell for mending the ree wise? 
gunne stooles, xiid. AG 

‘1580. P* to Richard Hornbie for lincks and staple to make 
fast the prisoners, xiid. 

©1592. P* the i iij day of Julie to Richard Waterman fora sill 
for the Guile hall, iijs.” « 

Chamberlain's Accounts for the roapiill years, 

5 The gaol was in Bridge-street, as appears from a memorandum 
in A Survey of the estate of the corporation made 24 Nov.. 
1582: “The Jayle haull lacketh a syll on the syde towards Trowt’s: 
house.”  Trowt, who was a renee lived in Bridge-street+. 


« 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 157 


the annual muster of the trained. soldiers could not 
but exhibit Mouldys, Bullcalfs, and Feebles, in abun- 
dance. 
_ Supposing this extraordinary man to have left 
Stratford, from whatsoever cause, about the year 1586 
or 1587, it is now our business to attend him to the 
metropolis. And here we are presented with another 
anecdote concerning him, to which, in my apprehen- 
sion, no credit ought to be given. 


» “In the time of Elizabeth (says Dr. Johnson), 7 4... ae 
coaches being yet uncommon, and hired coaches not at oP er et ee 


allin use, those who were too proud, too tender, or too 7; 


idle to walk, went on horseback to any distant. busi-“ ay Joes 


ness or diversion. Many came on horseback to the =.— 


play ; and when Shakspeare fled to London from the’ 
terror of a criminal prosecution, his first expedient 
was to wait at the door of the playhouse, and hold the 
horses of those that had no servants, that they might 
be ready again after the performance. In_ this. office 
he became so conspicuous for his care and readiness, 
that in a short time every man as he alighted called 
for Will. Shakspeare, and scarcely any other waiter 
was trusted with a horse, while Will. Shakspeare 
‘could be had. This was the first dawn of better for- 
tune. Shakspeare, finding more horses put into his 
hand than he could hold, hired boys to wait under 
his inspection, who, when Will. Shakspeare was sum- 
moned, were immediately to present themselves, J am 
Shakspeare’s boy, Sir. In time Shakspeare found 
higher employment ; but as long as the practice of 
riding to the playhouse continued, the waiters that 
held the horses retained the appetetien of Shakspeare’s 


boys.” 


Cha 


spent 


frat 


158 THE LIFE OF 


The genealogy of this story, it must be acknow- 
ledged, is very correctly deduced. It first appeared 
in print in The Lives of the English Poets, published 
in 1753, under the name of Mr. Cibber. “ Sir Wil- 
liam D’Avenant (says the author of that book) told 
it to Mr. Betterton, who communicated it to Mr: 
Rowe ; Mr. Rowe told it to Mr. Pope, and Mr. Pope 
told it to Dr. Newton, the late editor of Milton ; and 
from a gentleman who heard it from him, ’tis here re- 
lated ©”. This gentleman, without doubt, was Dr. 
Johnson, who was a school-fellow of Bishop Newton’s, 
and has himself introduced the anecdote in his edition 
of Shakspeare, published in 1765, ard whose amanu- 
ensis, Mr. Robert Shiels, had a considerable share in 
the compilation above-mentioned’. We have here cer- 


6 Cibber's Lives of the Poets, vol. i. p. 130. 

7 As this anecdote does not stand on the authority of Mr. 
Shiels, or Mr. Theophilus Cibber, the person here meant, it is 
unnecessary to enter into any disquisition concerning their re- 
spective claims to the work here quoted. However, as this curious 


circumstance of literary history has been involved in some con- 


fusion, it may not be improper to make some observations upon it. 
It is observable that Dr. Johnson told Mr. Boswell, “that the work 


was entirely composed by Mr. Shiels. The booksellers (he added)’ 


gave Theophilus Cibber, who was then in prison, ten guineas to, 
allow Mr. Cibher to be putin the title-page as the author: by this 
a double imposition was intended; inthe first place, that it was 
the work of a Cibber at all, and in the second place, that it was 
the work of old Cibber.” Boswell’s Life of Johnson, 8vo. ii. 392. 

Mr. Boswell adds, that Dr. Johnson has given the same account 
in his Life of Hammond, where he says, ‘‘ the manuscript of Shighe 
is now in my possession,” 

The writer of an article in the Monthly Review for May, 1792, 
has strenuously endeavoured to refute this statement. ‘* The al- 
leged design of making the compilement pass for the work of old 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 159 


tainly a very fair pedigree; notwithstanding which, 
1am utterly incredulous with respect to this first in- 
troduction of our poet to theatrical reputation. I do 


Mr. Cibber (he asserts) is founded on an uncharitable construc- 
tion, no such thought being harboured either by the proprietors 
or first designer of the work.” To this, on the part of Dr. John- 
son, it is only necessary to reply, that the thoughts or intentions 
of men are inscrutable ; we can only judge of them by their ac- 
tions. With what possible view could the name of Mr. Cibber be 
put to this work, but that it should be supposed to be the produc- 
tion of the father, who was known throughout England by that de- 
signation, and not that of his son, with whom for more than twenty 
years the publick had been acquainted by the title of Theophilus 
Cibber; and who during his father’s life-time had no title to the 
designation here given him ? 

“The materials for this work (according to the same anony- 
mous writer's account) were collected and digested by Mr. Shiels, 
for which he was paid seventy pounds; but his work was revised 
and corrected in the proof sheets, by Theophilus Cibber, who 
added some new lives and notes, and received for his trouble 
twenty guineas in the first instance, and at a subsequent period 
some ‘additional sum; and soon afterwards (we are further told) 
embarked for Dublin, bat the ship was cast away, and every per- 
son on board perished.” He embarked for Dublin ‘five or six 
years after this transaction, in the year 1758. I do not perceive 
any material difference between these two accounts. Mr. Theo- 
philus Cibber is, indeed, not here acknowledged to have been in 
prison, though, I believe, this was the fact; and there is a slight 
mistake in the sum said by Dr. Johnson to have been paid him ; 
nor does Dr. Johnson appear to have been acquainted with his 
labours, as a corrector, vamper, and reviser of the printed proof 
sheets of Shiels’s work ; but Ais work undoubtedly it originally 
was ; and Dr. Johnson had probably perused it in its original form; 
and in that form, it is believed, it was destroyed, with several of 
his own manuscripts. 

The true state of the case, however, yet remains to be dis- 
closed. The fact, I believe, is, that the only valuable additional 
information inserted in this work by Theophilus Cibber, was de- 


160 THE LIFE.OF 


not, however, object to this anecdote, because, as has 
been suggested by Mr. Steevens, Mr. Rowe, having 
omitted to insert it in his Life of Shakspeare, must 
therefore be supposed not to have believed it; for 
though he did believe it, he might not think it worth 


insertion: nor do I object to it on another ground 


taken by Mr. Steevens, who doubts whether it was 
then the custom to ride on horseback to the play: 


“ The most popular of the theatres (says that gentle- 


rived. from the notes of the late Mr. Oldys and Mr. Coxeter. 
** When I left London (says Oldys, in his manuscript notes on 
Langbaine) in the year 1724, to reside in Yorkshire, I left in the 


care of the Rev, Mr. B——'s family, with whom I had several 


years lodged, among many other books, goods, &c. a copy of this — 


Langbaine, in which I had written several notes, and references to 

\ further knowledge of these poets. When I returned to London 

in 1730, I understood my books had been dispersed ; and after- 

wards becoming acquainted with Mr. Coxeter, I found that he 

had:bought my Langbaine of a bookseller. As he was a great 

collector of plays and poetical books, this must have been of ser- 

vice to him ; and he has kept it so carefully from my sight, that 

I never could have the opportunity of transcribing into this I am 

now writing in, the notes I had collected in that. He died on 

,the 10th of April, being Easter Sunday, 1747, of a fever, which 

Bf 1 (Gar ’ grew v from a cold caught at an auction of books over Exeter 
L spar fuel Change, or by sitting up late at the tavern afterwards.” 

eg fe ce ; Sia; After Mr. Coxeter’s death, his books and MSS. were pil He 

gg Ses = by Osborne, the well-known: bookseller of Gray’s Inn, and were 

& S 5 21 offered for sale in the year 1748, The book in question, No. 10131; 

Re in Osborne's catalogue for that year, was purchased either by 

7 T. Cibber, or by some bookseller who afterwards put it into his 

hands ; and from the notes of Oldys and Coxeter, the principal 

part of the additional matter furnished by Cibber for the Lives of 

the Poets, was unquestionably derived. Mr. Coxeter's MSS. are 

mentioned in the title-page, but Oldys is unnoticed. Probably 

the secret history of this business was not then known. ‘i 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 161 


man) were on the Bankside ; and we are told by the 7%... 2. 
satirical writers of the time, that the usual mode of ‘ ate «rH 


wha hk where 
conveyance to these places was by water ; but NOt ai tec a SEs 


enw‘ terse Cote ¥ 


single writer so much ‘as hints at the custom of riding". Ay on 
to them, or at the practice of having horses held dur-/- cae hs ee 
ing the time of the exhibition,”—In this and- many ~ jt-al, Giuda 
other disquisitions, a little attention to dates will save —< ae ra 
much trouble, It should be recollected, that we are< Kaew Am 
now speaking of the year 1586, or 1587, at which ~ 

time, though Southwark was not without a theatre, 

the most popular playhouses appear to have been that’ 

specifically called the Theatre, which was situated at 

Newington Butts, and the Green Curtain in Shore- ee hitiu.tf=-1 
ditch *. To the former of these two theatres in sum 

mer, and to the latter in winter, as well as to'the plays 

performed by the choir-boys of St. Paul’s, and the 
representations at the Bull in Bishopsgate-street, the 

Cross Keys in Gracechurch-street, and the Bell-Savage 

on Ludgate-hill, the spectators were under the neces- 


*® The Lord Chamberlain’s servants, in which company Shak- ° 
f speare first entered himself, performed, till the year 1600, at The 
\ Curtain in Shoreditch. See The History of the Stage, vol. iii. 
There had been a theatre in Whitefriars, but it was HEC down ~ 
before the period we are now speaking of. 

. In a sermon preactied by John Stockwood in 1578, the ety 
computing the whole sum made by the theatre in a year, speaks of 
eight places for stage exhibitions in the city. As his object.was 
to aggravate the mischief arising from plays; he undoubtedly 
would not have left Southwark out of his account, had there been 
any playhouses on the Bankside.—Stephen Gosson, in his Plays 
confuted in Five several Actions, no date, but written about 1580, 
mentions exhibitions at Paul’s [St. Paul's school-room], the 
Blackfryars, and every other playhouse in London, but says not a 
word of Southwark. : 

VOL. Il. M 


162 ‘THE LIFE OF 


sity of going either on foot or on horseback, coaches 
being then certainly not in ordinary use® Nor is it 
true, that no writer of the time has alluded to this 
mode of conveyance to the theatre; for Sir John Da- 
vies, and Dekker, himself a dramatick writer, ex- 
Fad Ph ~~ pressly allude to it'.” Though the fine gentleman 


KantrelOe Le 


Kutehn fuowla 9 According to the writer of an old pamphlet called A Dia- 


ae on ee logue between Coach and Sedan, the first coach used in Eng- 


land was one given by the Earl of Arundel to Queen Elizabeth, 
in which she went to St. Paul's cross, to hear a sermon [preached 
on account of a victory] obtained over the Spaniards in 1588. 
Anderson, in his Hist. of Commerce, p. 421, says Fitzallan, Earl of 
Arundel, introduced the use of coaches in England in 1580; and 
the continuator of Stowe’s Annals says a coach was made for 
the Queen by a Dutchman in 1564. However this may have been, 
it is certain that coaches were not in ordinary use when Shak- 
speare may be supposed to have first visited London. 

t  Faustus, nor lord, nor knight, nor wise, nor old, 

«To every place about the Towne doth ride; 

“ He rides into the fields, Playes to behold,” &c. 
Epigrams written about the year 1590; printed 
at Middlebourg, no date, but about 1598. 

See also The Guls Horne-booke, by Thomas Dekker, 4to. 1609 : 

“« By this time [he is describing an ordinary] the pairings of 
fruit and cheese are in the voyder, cardes and dice lie stinking in 
the fire; the guests are all up, the guilt rapiers ready to be 
hanged, the French lacquey and Irish footboy shrugging at the 
doores, with their masters hobby horses to ride to the new play ; 
that’s the rendevous, thither they are gallopt in post; let us take 
a pair of oares and row lustily after them.” Here we see that 

/ even when the Globe theatre on the Bankside, in Southwark, was 
f in high reputation, gentlemen frequently rode thither, instead of 
- going by water. 

Actors themselves rode to the playhouses in London. See 
Taylor's Wit and Mirth, § 30. ‘“ Master Field, the player, riding, 
up Fleet-street a great pace [going probably to the play-house 
in Blackfriars], a gentleman called him and asked him what Play 
was played that day ;” &c, /“#— aa. ow: af 


Fy 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 168 


whom he describes going from an ordinary to the play- 
house on horseback, appears to have been attended by 
a lackey, yet many of inferior rank, without doubt, 
rode thither, unaccompanied by a servant; and it is 
very natural to suppose, that the horses of such per- 
sons should have been held during the representation 
by boys, each of whom might obtain a livelihood by 
taking charge of several of those animals. I do not, 
therefore, I say, object to this anecdote on any of these 
grounds ; but for the following reasons : 

1. Because Sir William D’Avenant does not ap- 
pear at an early period to have obtained any correct 
information concerning Shakspeare ; as is evinced by 
another fact, which Mr. Rowe has expressly stated as 
derived from him; I mean Lord Southampton’s large 
donation to our poet, which I shall hereafter prove to 
have been extremely exaggerated ; and Mr. Betterton, 
though he was born about twenty years after Shak- 
speare’s death, and had trod the stage before the Re- 
storation, instead of making any inquiry about him in 
his youth, when that inquiry might perhaps have been 
attended with success, was obliged to go to Stratford 
in 1708, when he was above seventy years old, and our 
poet had been dead near a century, to pick up what 
intelligence he could get concerning him: and almost 
every part of the intelligence which he did procure, 
either there or elsewhere, proves to be erroneous. 

2. Because I have myself discovered several cireum- 
stances relative to our author, and one particularly 
concerning his youngest brother, Edmond, imme- ~. £272. 
diately connected with his theatrical history, which 7 
neither D’Avenant nor Betterton appear to have 

M 2 


164 THE LIFE OF 


known; and which D’Avenant, if at an early period. 
he had made any ‘inquiries from Lowin or Taylor, or 
any of the old actors, concerning our poet’s connexion 
with the stage, undoubtedly would have known. On 
this ground, therefore, I have also a right. to assume 
that no such inquiries were made. 

3. But, lastly, and principally, this anecdote iaathol 
gether unworthy of belief, because our author’s cireum- 
stances and situation at this time, and the various ex- 
tracts which I have just now given from the: Records 
of Stratford, loudly reclaim against it. The original 
framer or relater of it should seem to have supposed 
him at this time-a mere boy, “ hanging loose upon 
society,” without connexions and without friends; 
whereas, on the contrary, he had already “given 
hostages to fortune,” having a wife and three children. 
His father had been bailiff of Stratford ; and though 
about this time he withdrew from the corporation ?, 
and was not, as it should seem, in opulent, .or even’ 


2°“ Stratford » Ad aulam ibid. tent. vi. die Septembris anno 
Burgus, } ree die Elizabethe vicesimo octavo’ [1586] 
William Tyler, Bailif. 

“ At this hall William Smythe and Richard Courte are chosen 
to be aldermen in the place of John Wheler and John Shaxspere ; 
for that Mr. Wheler doth desyer to be put out of the companye, 

/ and Mr. Shaxspere doth not come to the halles, when they be 
{ warned, nor hath not done of long tyme.”  Registr. Burg. 
\ Stratf. A: 

I find, on inspecting the records, that our poet’s father had not 
attended at any hall for the seven preceding years. 

‘ John Shakspeare, the shoemaker, was sworn a constable the 
same day that his namesake was removed from his place as 


alderman. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 165 


easy circumstances, there is no reason to suppose that 

he did not still carry on his trade. He had himself 

visited. the metropolis, together with his wife, a few 

years before; and it is not improbable that he had 

some connexions there. Whatever might induce his 

eldest son to remove from Stratford to London, ‘it 

cannot be imagined that his father would there desert: 

him, or leave him to gain a precarious livelihood by’ 

the menial office of holding horses at the door of a 

theatre; where, I may add, the having a number of 

youths under him, publickly distinguished by the 

name of Shakspeare’s boys, was an expedient not very’ 

likely to contribute to that concealment, which his 

situation at that time has been supposed to require. 

Our poet’s. friend, Hamnet Sadler, who appears to /, tah a pas 
have been godfather to to his only son, and who was a“-“:- a 
substantial baker at Stratford, would certainly, in such’ 7. ve Vid « 

an extremity, not have left him unassisted. Mr. at ta oe jks 


Richard Quiney (the son of Adrian Quiney, an: ve, ae aed 


Op 
alderman and grocer of Stratford), who was not many ©’ 9f ai Iwate 


years.older than our poet, had doubtless been bred at Be ae we = 
the same school, and lived in intimacy with him, would ” —— ee a pn SK? 


Li 


<r 


also, without doubt, have lent him his assistance, and,” <a 3 
had it been necessary, could have recommended ap PB x sree, 4 
to Mr. Bartholomew Quiney (probably a relation), a 4.429 = *~ 
rich cloth-worker, who was settled in London®. And {~~ 122-4 
Sf Ltn 

it is not reasonable to suppose, that his countryman, 7 aap C4 

Me wies anton 

= om ag Lax Ah tas 
31 ni’ in the Prerogative Office, the will of Mr. Bartho- OORT LS 
lomew Quiney, of Fleet-street, citizen and cloth-worker, made a. 4, khan 


Feb, 27, 1593-4, and proved the 27th of March following. The#=~~< #“<~. = 
name being very uncommon, I suspect he was a relation of the 7, ts ee LIF? 
Quineys of Stratford. a4 


166 THE LIFE OF 


Mr. Richard Field, the son of a tanner in Stratford, 
and a very eminent printer in London, whom our poet 
in 1593 employed to issue “ the first heir of his in- 
vention” to the world, would have suffered an amiable 
- and worthy youth to have remained in so degraded a 
state, without making some effort to rescue him from 
it. All these circumstances decidedly prove, in my 
apprehension, that this anecdote is a mere fiction. 
Even supposing that our author was driven from Strat- 
ford, which, from the circumstances already stated, 
is extremely improbable, may we not be perfectly 
- assured, that antecedent to that time his inclination 
for the theatre had manifested itself (for he was now 
' twenty-two or twenty-three years old), and that he 
had formed some acquaintance with Lord Warwick’s, 
- Lord Leicester’s, or the Queen’s company of come- 
dians, ‘The two former companies were the retainers 
of noblemen living within a few miles of Stratford (to 
one of whom the manor belonged), and frequently re- 
sorted to that town ; and the latter visited it in 1587 ; 
perhaps also in the preceding year. And if he had 
formed any such acquaintance with those who belonged 
to the inside of the theatre, could he possibly be under 
the necessity of standing in an obscure situation at 
the outside of it? It is, I think, much more pro- 
bable, that his own lively disposition made him ac- 
quainted with some of the principal performers who 
visited Stratford, the elder Burbage, or Knell, or 
Bentley ; and that there he first determined to engage 
~ in that profession. Lord Leicester’s servants, among 
whom was one of the performers just mentioned, 
James Burbage, the father of the celebrated tragedian, 


w>- , , 

en “7 sr, a 

a ee at , Fiz 2 4 fen PLLI 
oe Pa L£ oe 

Af e fh. CA oA en CE on ot AC La Fe 

wee, OPS. Bets. px apis 


alia 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 167 


had been honoured with a royal licence in 1574 ‘, 
With this company, therefore, or the Queen’s, or Lord 
Warwick’s comedians, it is reasonable to suppose, that. 
he agreed to enroll himself, and that with one or the 
other of them he first visited the metropolis. 


SECTION X. 


The period at which Shakspeare began to write for 
the stage, will, I fear; never be precisely ascertained, 
unless some manuscript or printed document, relating 
to him, which has hitherto eluded all our researches, 
shall fortunately be hereafter discovered. The books 
of the time, however, afford some glimpses of informa- 
tion on this interesting point, and may enable us to 
form at least a probable opinion upon it. Every cir- 
cumstance, therefore, which may be found in them, in 
any way applicable to a question of great importance 
in the history of every literary man, should be sifted 
and examined with our utmost industry and care ; 
every hint, however slight, must be seized and inves- 
tigated, and every allusion, however dark or myste- 
rious, must, if possible, be unfolded and explained. If, 
after all our pains, we shall not be able to gain our 
object, we yet may make a near approach to it; and 
shall at least have the satisfaction of reflecting—that 
nothing has been omitted to be done, which had the 
remotest tendency to attain it. 

In forming a conjecture on this subject, some lines 
in Spencer’s Tears of the Muses demand our parti- 


cular attention; since if they related to Shakspeare, Vig 


4 Seethe Historical Account of the English Stage, vol. iii. p. 47. 
7 


L per 103, £ 
Bhi tress: tlds 


168 * .. THE LIFE: OF ©! 


as by some has been supposed, they’ would ascertain’ 
that he had acquired a considerable share of celebrity 
as a dramatick writer, some years before the end of 
1590, when that piece was first published. That the 
reader may be fully master of the question, “I shalh 
here transcribe the whole passage, The subject of 
the poem, it should be remembered, is the decay of 
literature and patronage, which the Nine’ Muses in 
succession pathetically. lament. After Calliope and 
Melpomene have uttered their complaints, Thalia, the 
Muse of Comedy, is introduced speaking as follows : 


“* Where be the sweete delights of earning's treasure 5, 
‘“« That wont with comick sock to beautifie _ 

«« The painted theatres, and fill with pleasure 

‘* The listeners’ eyes and eares with melodie ; 

“In which I date was wont to raine as Queene, 

“ And maske in mirth, with graces well beseene? _ 


Zz 
“© O, allis gone, and all that goodly giee 
“* Which wont to be the glorie of gay wits, 
* Ts laid abed, and no where now to see; 
** And, in her roome, unseemly Sorrow © sits ; 


5 The words in‘ this stanza exhibited in Italicks, are not so 
printed in the original edition of Spencer's poem. They are here 
thus distinguished, because some argument is founded upon them. 

6 «*Unseemly Sorrow,........ ugly Barbarisme.” We learn 
from Spencer's Ruins of Time, that he was in England in the 
latter end of the year 1588. 
year, Sir Walter Ralegh having visited him in Ireland, he 
accompanied Ralegh in the autumn to England, and he 
appears to have resided there during the remainder of that year 

“and part of the next, during which time, the first three books of 


7 his Faery Queen were printed. His representation of the de- 


Fo Kaotcr 


fe? Lin Borwe s 


- graded state of the stage, therefore, may be supposed to relate 


In the summer of the following — 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 169° 


“« With hollow brows. and greisly countenaunce 
*« Marring my joyous gentle dalliaunce : 


principally to this period, and was doubtless drawn from his own 
observation. During several preceding years, his time was 
chiefly passed in Ireland ; yet occasional visits even during that 
period gave him an opportunity of partaking of the ‘‘ unhurtful 
sport”. then furnished by theatrical exhibitions. The present) 
poem, though in its title-page we find 1591, was certainly: 
written in 1590 or before, and published probably in January 
or February, 1590-91; for in the Stationers’ Register, I find the’ 
following entry: ‘* William Ponsonby, 29 December, 1590. For _ 
his copie under the hands of D’cor Stuller and both the Wardens, “+ 
a hooke entituled, Complaints, conteyning sundrye small poemes 
of the worlds vanity, vid.” 

The wretched state of the stage in 1589 and 1590, is ascer- 
tained by the history and the productions of that period. 

“Of the tragedies which were then in vogue, or, as the poet 
expresses it, ‘‘ tyranized over the minds of men,” and which, 
though the “ offspring of ugly barbarism and brutish ignorance,” 
were preferred to any of the productions of the comick muse, the 
greater part have perished. Such of them, however, as have been: 
preserved, fully justify the description here given of the miserable 
taste of that period. See particularly Tamburlain the Great, 
The Spanish Tragedy, The Battle of Alcazar, Selimus Emperour 


of the Turkes, The Wars of Cyrus, Solyman and Perseda, &c. 


The preface to Tamburlaine, 8vo. 1590, as well as the piece 
itself, may afford a good comment on the poet’s words : 

“« Gentlemen, and courteous Readers whatsoever.. I have herein 
published in print for your sakes the tragicall discourse of the 
Scythian Shepheard, My hope is, that it will be now no lesse 
acceptable unto you, to reade after your serious affairs and stu- 
dies, than it hath been latelie delightfull for manie of you to see, 
when the same was shewed in London upon stages. I have pur- 
posely omitted and left out some fond and frivolous gestures, 
digressing aud in my opinion farre unmeet for the matter; which. 
I thought might seeme rather tedious unto the wise, then any way 
else to be regarded ; though happilye they have bene of some con- 


Jax tow haem 


170 '’ | THE LIFE OF 


“« And, him beside, sits ugly Barbarisme, 

“ And brutish Ignorance, ycrept of late 

“* Out of dread darknes of the deep abysme, 

“« Where being bredd, he light and heaven doth hate: 
“« They in the mindes of men now tyrannize, 

“ And the faire scene with rudenes foule disguize. 


ceited fondlings greatly gaped at, what times they were shewed 
upon the stage in their graced deformities.” 
- Of the comedies of this period, very few have come down to us ; 
but Wily Beguiled, Mucedorus, and the old Taming of a Shrew, 
which were highly admired, may serve to show, of what materials 
those of an. inferior quality, which have perished, were made. 
The jiggs and other buffooneries, with which both tragedies and 
comedies were then frequently accompanied, are almost all lost. 
In the plays exhibited at this period, the authors and actors 
took such liberties, that the state was obliged to interfere. 
, Strype, in his Additions to Stowe’s Survey, mentions that in 
1589, the servants of the Lord Strange and the Lord Admiral 
\ were, on the suggestion of Mr. Tylney [then Master of the 
Revels], restrained from playing, for their scurrilitie and licen- 
tiousness. Inthe same year (Nov. 12), the very period when 
Spencer appears to have visited England, and to which his verses 
seem particularly to relate, the Privy Council wrote a letter to 
the Lord Mayor of London (of which a minute may be found in 
the History of the English Stage), commanding him ‘‘ to ap- 


point a sufficient person, learned and of judgment, to join with- 


the Master of the Revels and a Divine to be named by the 
Archbishop of Canterbury, for the reforming of the plays daily 
exercised and presented publickly about the city of London ; 
where [in] the players take upon them without judgment or 
decorum to handle matters of divinity and state.” This is the 


_ first notice which is found of a licenser for stage entertainments, 


to which appointment the “ scoffing scurrility” alluded to by 
Spencer, appears to have given rise; as, in the last century, a 
similar degree of licentiousness produced an Act of Parliament 
for the same purpose. 

In an old tract entitled Martin’s Months Mind, which also ap- 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 171 


4 
** All places they with follie have possesst, ~~ 
** And with vaine toyes the vulgare entertaine, 
«* But me have banished, with all the rest 
‘* That whilome wont to waite upon my traine ;— 
“¢ Fine Counterfesaunee 7 and unhurtful Sport, 
“ Delight and Laughter, deckt in seemly sort. 


peared in 1589, we find a further confirmation of what has been 
here stated: ‘* Never,” says the writer, “ were greater tragedies 
tendered abroad, nor higher comedies traversed at home.”—*“ Ros- 
cius ‘Plays in the Senate house; asses play upon harpes, the 
stage is oe into the church, and Vices make plaies of 
church-matters.”? 

7 By counterfaisance, Spiced appears to have meant coun- 
terfeit or fictitious representation, imitating real life. So, again, 
in Mother Hubbard’s Tale : 
the fond ape him selfe uprearing hy, 

“* Upon his tip-toes stalketh statelie by, 
‘As if he were some great Magnifico, 
‘* And boldly doth among the boldest go : 
** And his man Reynard with fine counterfaisance 
«* Supports his credit and his countenance.” 
' Again, in The Faery Queen, b. i. c. viii. st. 49 : 
«* Such is the face of falshood, such the sight 
‘© Of fowle Duessa, when her borrowed light 
‘* Ts ta’en away, and counterfaisance knowne.” 
Again, ibid. b. iii. c. viii. st. 8: 
** A wicked spright,————— 
* Him needed not instruct which way were best 
** Him selfe to fashion likest Florimell, 
“* Ne how to speake, ne how to use his gest, 
** For he in counterfesaunce did excell.” 
See also Cotgrave’s French Dict. fol. 1611: 
“ Farcerie. A playing, jesting, &c. a counterfeiting. 
“ Farceur. A comedian or stage-player ; a common jeaster, 
or counterfeiter of mens gestures.” 
See also Puttenham’s Arte of Poesie, 4to.. 1589, p. 228, 
| §*the boy-bishop with his counterfeit speeches,” and p. 243, 
‘“* — a buffoon or counterfeit clown.” 


172 THE ‘LIFE OF 


«« All these, and all that els the comick stage ~ 

‘* With season’d wit and goodly pleasaunce graced, 

«* By which mans life in his likest image 

“< Was limned forth, are wholly now defaced; . 

“ And those sweete witts , which wont the like to frame, 
*« Are now despiz'd, and made a laughing game. 


8 One of the comick writers whom Spencer had herein contem- 
plation, I have no doubt, was a person who was bred at the same 
college where he had been educated, and who is highly praised 
by. his contemporary Meres, in the following passage: « The 
best for comedye, amongst us bee, Edward Earl of Oxford, Dr. 
Gager of Oxford, Maister Rowley, once a rare scholar of learned 
Pembroke Hall in Cambridge, Maister Edwards of her Majesties 
Chapell, eloquent and wittie John Lillye, &c.” Wit's Treasury, 
1598, p.280, b. The time when Mr, Rowley flourished, as well — 
as his Christian name, have been hitherto unascertained; and in — 
consequence of a mistake of Antony Wood, he has been con- 
founded with William Rowley, who was originally an actor about 
the end of Queen Elizabeth's reign, and became a popular dra- 
matick writer in that of her successor. Wood. in his first work, 
published in 1674, grounding himself manifestly on the passage _ 
above quoted from Meres, rightly describes this rare schollar, in 
the account which he has given of their poet’s contemporaries : 
“* Gulielmus Gager (says his Latin translator) poeta eximius erat, 
et quoad comedias conscribendas primum semper locum inter 
coevos obtinebat; posthabitis, nimirum, Edwardo  Comiti 
Oxoniensi, Magistro Rowley, (is Aulam Pembrochianam apud 
Cantabrigienses ingenio ornavit), Ricardo Edwards, Johanni_ 
Lilly,” &c. (Hist. et Antiq. Acad. Oxon. P. II. p. 267); but 
he was afterwards led into an error, probably by having met in 
Phillips or Winstanley with the name of William Rowley asa 
dramatick writer; and in his subsequent English work (Ath. 
Oxon. 1690, i. col. 366), he observes, that ‘‘ Gager was reputed 
the best comedian of his time, whether it was Edward. Earl of 
Oxford, William Rowley, the once ornament for wit and inge- : 
nuity of.learned Pembroke Hall in Cambridge, Richard Edwards 
John Lilly,” &c. . Here first we find the Christian name-of this 
comick poet: but Wood was unquestionably mistaken ; for ** the 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. «173 


“And ue, the man whom Nature selfe 9 had made 
“ To mock her selfe, and truth to imitate 


rare scholar of learned Pembroke Hall” was not William Rowley 
the actor, who had never reposed in academick bowers, but Ralph 
Rowley, a learned fellow of that house, whose theatrical exertions, it 
may be presumed, were made a few years before Spencer's poem was 
published. It is clear from the words—‘‘ learned: Pembroke Hall,” 
that Meres was in Wood's contemplation in both his works, and that 
ineach of them he is speaking of the same person. Beside, however, 
the misnomer in the Athenz, he is inaccurate in hoth these works, 
in saying that Gager (who appears to have written only Latin 
dramas) was preferred to Rowley and the rest. . Meres furnishes 
no authority for such pre-eminence. They are all classed under 
the same general term,—‘‘ the best for comedy.” Wood should 
seem to have supposed that Gager, being first named, was also 
first in’ reputation; but Meres appears to have arranged these 
poste in chronological order. 

‘Ralph Rowley, I believe, was born in the same year with our 
author (1564) ; for I find that he became a student of Pembroke 
Hall in 1579, being on the first of October in that year matri- 
culated asa member of the University. (Registr. Acad. Cantab.) 
In 1582-3, he took his first degree in arts; in Nov. 1583, he was 
elected a fellow of his house; and in 1586-7, he proceeded 
Master of Arts. In 1587, he was appointed Lecturer in Mathe- 
matics, and also, in conjunction with Mr. Hall, read the Greek 
lecture: See a list of the fellows of Pembroke College, MS. 
Harl. 7029, p. $83: “ Rad Rowley, scholaris collegii, A. B. 
electus eodem tempore [Nov. 2, 1583], Anno 1586 [1586-7], 
incipit in art. An, 1587, Magistro Halls in usum_ Magistri 
Rowley ex parte prelecture Grece, 1". 10°. Eodem anno pre- 
lector fit in academia Mathematicas. Anno 1589, cautio Ma- 
gistri Rowley exposita est cist Lyndwood et Pyke, et habet in 
toto 2"".” It is probable, that either in 1586, before he was 
chosen mathematical lecturer, or in: 1588, the comick vein for 
which he is so highly celebrated by his contemporary Meres (who 
was also of Pembroke Hall, and took the degree of Bachelor of 
Arts in 1587), led him to attempt dramatick composition, and 


a 
Lite, foe 


os find © 


Ene eter game 
ou 


174 THE LIFE OF 


“ With kindly counter ', under mimick shade,— 
“ Our pleasaunt Willy, ah, is dead of late *; 


that he furnished the stage at St. Paul’s with some of those 
comedies, “ the fine counterfaisance and due decorum ” of which 
appeared to Spencer so admirable. Not long afterwards, he en- 
tirely relinquished his theatrical pursuits, and went into holy 
orders. In 1593, he became rector of Alphamston in Essex, 
which he exchanged, in 1597, {for the rectory of Chelmsford, in 
the same county. (Newcourt’s Repertor, ii. 8—129.) This 
benefice he appears to have enjoyed till his death, which hap- 
pened in 1604 ; and it should seem, from the following entry in 
the register of Chelmsford (obligingly communicated to me, by 
the Rev. Mr. Morgan), that he died at Cambridge: ‘ Mr. 
Ralphe Rowley, late Parson of this towne, was buried in S*. 
Marie’s chancell in Cambridge, the ixth daie of Aprile, 1604." 
The only production of this “ rare scholar” that I have met with, 

is a short Latin poem, in the Cambridge Verses on the death ys! 
Sir Philip Sidney, 4to. 1587. 

It is, I trust, unnecessary to apologize for this long note, in 
commemoration of one who was probably a friend of Spencer's ; 
and who, though a comick poet of considerable celebrity, appears 
to have been unknown to all our biographical antiquaries and 
dramatick historians of the last century. 

9 i.e. Nature her self. Such was the phraseology of Spencer's 
age; not, as we should now write, Nature's self. So, in The 
Faery Queen, b. ili. C. Vili. st. 5: [ 

** That even Nature self envide the same.” 
Again, in the same canto: 
6 thought 
** She were the /ady selfe whom he so long had sought.” 
Again, ibid. b. iii. c. i. st. 6: 
“« But Guyon selfe ere well he was aware—.” 
Again, b. iii. c. iv. sf. 38: 
“ Sad life worse than glad death ; and greater crosse 
‘« To see frends grave, then dead the grave se/f to engrosse,” 
Again, in Colin Clout: 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 175 


«¢ With whom all joy and jolly merriment 
«Ts also deaded, and in dolour drent 3. 


* Instead thereof, scoffing Scurrilitie, 

“ And scornfull Follie, with contempt is crept, 

** Rolling in rymes of shameles ribaudrie 4, tame 
“‘ Without regard or due decorum kept : 


** Whose service high so basely they ensew, 
“That Cupid selfe of them ashamed is.” 
So also, Sidney, Arcadia, 1598, p. 379 : 
** The ‘pestle selfe,” &c 
At a subsequent period, this phraseology became obsolete ; 
for D'Avenant wrote, perhaps, with less propriety (Works, 1673, 
p- 243) : 
* It shew'd like Nature's self, when she did bring - 
“ All she can promise by an early spring.” 
1 Kindly means natural, or rather, agreeable to truth and real wut46 = porte 
li life. So, in the Glosse on Spencer's Eclogue for February : “~; <acrnagd per 
—a manner of supplication, wherein is _pendly coloured “> “7-3 
the affection and speech of ambitious men.” Counter is, 1’ SEY. 
believe, here licentiously used for counterfeiting, or counter- 
Jaisance. A late writer (Supplem. to Johnson's Dict. 4to, 
1801), says, it means—‘“ trial of skill,” and that it is deduced 
*‘ from the adverb;” but, when counter is used in the com- 
pound, counter-action, &c. opposite action is meant ; and, there- 
fore, if we suppose a substantive to be thus formed, it would 
mean, not “‘ trial of skill,” but opposition ; asense not admissible 
here. 
2 So, in Colin Clout: 
** Whilst thou wert hence, all dead in dole did lie.” 
Again, in Shakspeare’s King Henry IV. Part II.: 
«‘ Even such a man, so faint and spiritless, 
*¢ So dull, so dead in look, so woe-begone—.” 
Again, in A Midsummer Night's Dream : 
* So should a murderer look ; so dead, so grim.” 
3 Drenched. 
4 Spencer sometimes borrows from himself. See his tenth: 


Eclogue : 
« And roll with rest in rhymes of ribaudry.” 


176 i THE LIFE OF 


** Each idle. Wit at will presumes to make 5, © 
“ And doth the /earneds taske upon him take. 
Cad 


“ But that same gentle spirit, from whose pen 
A * Large streames of honnie and sweete nectar flowe, 
Avtty wer (uy fo — Seorning the boldnes of such base-borne men, 
: 4-Y(Y Which dare their follies forth so rashlie throwe, _ 
“‘ Doth rather choose to sit in idle cell, 
“Than so him selfe to mockerie to sell. 


¢ 


“So am I made the servant of the manie, 

« And laughing-stock of all that list to scorne ; 
«* Not honoured nor cared for of anie, 

«* But loath’d of losels®, and a thing forlorne : 
** Therefore I mourne and sorrow with the rest, 
“© Untill my cause of sorrow be redrest.” 


The sixth, seventh, and eighth of these stanzas 
were inserted by Rowe in the first edition of his short 


account of Shakspeare; and he then supposed that they 
related to our poet; alluding, as he thought, to his - 
having withdrawn himself for some time from the pub-_ 


lick, and discontinued dramatick compositions, from 


“a disgust he had taken to the then ill taste of the 
town, and the mean condition of the stage.” But as 


he suppressed the passage in his second edition (pub-. 


lished in 1714, about five years after the first), it may 
be presumed, that he found reason to change his 
opinion. Dryden, however, he informs us, always 
ar thought that these verses related to Shakspeare* But 


Clement or 
ZA vy fug% § “Torime and versifie; for in this word, making, our olde 


(f 3OCY Lh . 7 
‘24 7é2 ..-7 English poets were wont to comprehend all the skill of poetrie, 
«~~ 4 —-* according to the Greek word poiein, to make ; whence commeth 


foe Cenk 4 


lex AS <2, the name of poets.” Glosse by E. K. on Spencer’s fourth 


a+ <7 % « Eclogue. 
Fés0- +4 “= 6 Worthless persons. ) 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 177 


with all due deference to these great poets, their au- 
thority on either side is in this instance of no weight; 
because, in their time, little attention was given to the 
gradual progress and changes of our language, and 
mes — to have been very slightly acquainted » Aiph fopegp 
the literary history of the former age. It must, 7 4/~'— 2% 
however, be acknowledged that, at the first view, this / > 4-7 
passage, in some respects, seems peculiarly applicable, -“—~* 
to our great dramatick writer, and admirably. deserip- 
tive of the character and powers of a poet, of whom it 
may be said with the strictest propriety, in the words 
of a learned and accomplished statesman’ ‘of. the 
seventeenth century, that “ Nature never had before 
so noble and so true an interpreter, never so inward a 
secretary of her cabinet *.” But supposing even that 
chronology and the dramatick history of that period 
did not stand in our way, as they certainly do, these 
lines cannot relate to Shakspeare ; for on a closer in- 
spection it will be found, that one part of the deserip- 
tion not only does not apply to him, but is totally in- 
consistent with the now received, and no longer eon- 
troverted, account of his moderate literary attain- 
ments. sialss 
When I published my first edition of his works, the 
evidence on each side of this question appeared to me ' 
so equally balanced, that I found myself unable to form 
any decided opinion on the subject; inclining, how-. 
7 Sir. Henry Wotton apaiving of acon, pcan ih, , 
8 It is remarkable that these words are almost a translation of 
[ partof the passage found in Snidas concerning Aristotle, which I 
t suggested to Mr. Steevens several years ago, as an apposite motto 


for the plays of Shakspeare; and which since has been prefixed — 
to the several editions of this author that have been published. 


VOL. II. N 


—e 


ye~. 4 


ever, against the application of these verses to Shak- 
speare, for the reason just now assigned °: but a more 
minute investigation has entirely dispelled my doubts; 
| ‘and I think I shall be able, not only to show that our 
illustrious dramatist was not here pointed at, but to 
ascertain the person alluded to; whose fame, high as 
it was in his’ own time, must acquire additional 
celebrity from the eulogy of so great a poet: as 


178 THE LIFE OF 


' Spenser. 0 
On an attentive consideration of these staitoasvit ; 
will be found, G yore 


1. That they must relate to some conteniporaty : 
author, who was peculiarly celebrated for his ee 
talents. . aldomean 


Te 

9 Ina note on The Tears of the Muses, the Rev. Mt. Todd, in 
his late edition of Spenser, vol. vii. p..335, speaking of my first | 
edition of Shakspeare, says, that I there. “ strenuously main- | 
tained the belief” that our poet was the person in Spenser's con- ) 
templation in the lines above quoted. But, I conceive, the | | 
learned editor has inadvertently made this assertion; and have | 
no doubt that his candour will induce him to agree to the state- | 
ment here made in the text, when he peruses the following pas- 
sage in the very same page which he has quoted, and which, by | 
some means, seems to have escaped his attention: ‘‘ If these 
lines [those quoted from The Tears of the Muses] were intended 
to allude to our author, then he must have written some come- 
dies in or before the year 1591, and the date which I have as- 
signed to A Midsummer Night's Dream is erroneous. I cannot 
expect to influence the decision of my reader, on a subject on 
which I have not been able to form a decided opinion myself; and, 
therefore, shall content myself with merely stating the difficulties 
on each side.” Surely those words do not furnish any ground 
for thinking that I then strenuously maintained the — : 
ascribed to me. 

[Mr. Todd supposes that these lines allude to Sir Philip Sidney. 


peg BoswELt.] 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 179 


2. That the writer alluded to was a ditingniched 
scholar. 

3. That at an antecedent period he had furnished 
the scene with several comedies, which had been acted 
with great success. 

4. That in his dramatick writings he had been 
studious to observe a due decorum, and to construct 
his pieces according to the legitimate rules of the 
drama, observing this decorum, to use the words of an 
ancient writer, “ in personages, in seasons, in rei 
in speech?” And, 

5. That, for some time previous to the composition 
of Spenser’s poem, he had discontinued writing for the 
stage, and retired from London to some sequestered 
spot, disgusted by the applause which the low ribaldry 
of some of his contemporary poets had met with for a 
year or two before these verses were written. 

If this be a just comment on them, the consequence 
follows, that they could not be intended to describe 
the untutored Shakspeare ; who, however we may be 
disposed to allow him a certain degree of literature 
(and no one is more willing to do so than the present 
writer), unquestionably cannot be rated as a learned 
man, and who, we have some grounds for believing, 
- had not produced, I will not say several comedies, 
- but any drama whatsoever, before the date of the poem 
under our consideration : and, if a stage-poet can be 
pointed out, the period of whose principal exertions, 
and whose character and celebrity as a writer at that 


* See the Preliminary Observations prefixed to Spenser’s Shep- 
heard’s Calender, by E, K f 
N 2 


180 - THE LIFE OF 


period, correspond with the description here given, all _ 
difficulty, I conceive, will be done away. 

It should be recollected that Thalia is the ‘isan: 
and that comedy alone is here in Spenser’s co 
tion. In the outset she asks, 


«« Where be the sweet delights of /earning’s treasure, ap 
“That wont with comick sock to beautify 
«‘ The painted theatres,” &c. 


She then says, that all the innocent mirth which 
formerly was the delight of the ingenious, is now no 
where to be found; and that nothing prevails on the 
stage, but either dismal and barbarous tragedies, — 
which are preferred to all other exhibitions, or vulgar 
buffoonery under the name of comedy ; instead of that 
natural representation and harmless merriment, which 
formerly afforded the frequenters of the theatre so 
much entertainment. The lively and pleasant poet 
(she adds), who so truly exhibited human life in all 
its variety, has of /ate been idle and unemployed ; | 
and. instead of his classical and Terentian comedies, oa 
with which the publick formerly were gratified, each 
miserable scoffer produces on the scene, pieces of low 
ribaldry, constructed without any regard to decorum, — 
and takes upon him that task which the learned writer 
alluded to had so happily performed ; while this ad- | 
mired scholar sits retired in his cell®, rather than | 


2 It is observable, that in speaking of that retirement from the 
stage, which Spenser so much laments, he says, the writer who | 
had been once so popular, now sits ‘in idle cell,” a word de- 
scriptive of the sequestered habitation of an academick. So, in ¢ 
The Return from Parnassus, a comedy, 1606: 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 18] 


descend from the dignity of his character, and accom- 
modate his productions to the gross and vulgar taste 
which then prevailed. 

The whole context, therefore, shows, that the person 
here commended was a man of learning, and a comick 
poet who had observed a strict classical propriety in his 
dramas ; a circumstance that, with others furnished 
by an attentive survey of the theatrical history of that 
period, will enable us to discover his name, and to 
dispel the cloud with which he has for more than 
two hundred years been enveloped. 

Spenser’s description, I have no doubt, was intended 
for John Lilly, “ the eloquent: and wittie John 
Lilly,” as he is denominated by one of his contempo- 
raries’; a poet, whose learning sufficiently entitled 
him to a part of this encomium: and if in other re- 


** Academico. I'll haste me to my ene cell again, 
** My fortunes cannot wax, but they may waine.’ 
‘“ When I left the freedom of my cell, which was my college 
{said Hooker to the Archbishop of York, when he wished to be 
removed from the Mastership of the Temple), yet I found some 


degree of it in my quiet country parsonage.” Walton's Life of 


Hooker. 
It is not very clear what is meant by the title of one of 


Greene’s pamphlets, published in 1589 ; yet it perhaps alludes 


to Lilly's retirement from the stage, which I have supposed to 
‘have taken place in that year. The title to which I allude is, 


*Menaphon, Camillaés alarum to slumbering Euphues in his 
melancholy cell in Silexedra,” &c. Silexedra, it is true, is men- 
tioned by Lilly at the end of his work ; yet Greene might have 
had here a double meaning. 

3 Palladis Tamia; Wit's Treasury, being the second part of 
Wit’s Commonwealth, by Francis Meres, M. A. 8vo. 1598, 
p. 283, b. 


Ber cb ntthe [not 
bof Me tee 


tne Sema 


182 THE LIFE OF 


spects it should be thought to exceed his real merits, 
let it be remembered, that in this point we are not te 
be governed by our own judgments, but to transport 
ourselves two centuries backwards, and not only to 
judge with the eyes, and ears, and opinions, of his con- 
temporaries, all of whom speak of his comick talents 
with the highest praise, but also to make some allow- 
ance for the particular taste and partiality of Spenser. 
How apt he was to exceed in the eulogy of his friends, 
—whether from good nature, or a disposition easy to 
be pleased,—is evinced by his high commendation of 


' another poet of that age, which I shall presently have 


occasion to quote, and which certainly greatly exceeds 
what we should now be willing to allow him*. We 
should also bear in mind, that there are the strongest 
grounds for believing that Shakspeare had not yet 
afforded Spenser any specimen of higher excellence ; 
that at all periods, he who far surpasses his contempo- 
raries, must be allowed a considerable degree of merit ; 
and that in comedy, which alone was here in the 
writer’s contemplation, the reputation of the poet 
supposed to be alluded to, was at this time unrivalled. 


4 See the verses on Daniel, infra, quoted from Sennen’ 
Colin Clout's Come Home Again. Drayton’s. eulogy on Mar- 
lowe, though a poet of considerable merit, is not less extravagant. 
In his “* Epistle concerning Poetry and Poets,” he seems to nae 
him in a higher rank than Shakspeare : 

‘* Next Marlowe, bathed in the Thespian springs, 
“ Had in him those brave translunary things, 

“ That the first poets had; his raptures were 

‘* All air and fire, which made his verses, clear; 

** For that fine madness still he did retain, on 

‘* Which rightly should possess a poet’s brain.” 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 183 


When the genius of Shakspeare afterwards blazed out, 
we shall hereafter find that Spenser was not insensible 
to his merits. 

Edward Blount, who was at once a bookseller and 
a writer, and who. had undoubtedly often seen the 
effect produced by his comedies *, describes as the 
rarest poet of that time (that is, his own time,—the 
period previous to the appearance of Shakspeare), “ the 
witty, comical, facetiously quick, and unparalleled 
John Lilly®.” His contemporaries Webbe ’, Nashe °, 


5 Edward Blount, who was one of the original publishers of 
Shakspeare’s plays, in folio, was probably born in 1564, having 2.4. /°47: 
been bound an ‘apprentice to William Ponsonby, for ten years, Z ¢r ao? 
from Midsummer, 1578. He was admitted to the freedom of the <: 27- ps 
Stationers’ Company in June, 1588. Pe 4 ~ lise 
© In 1632, Edward Blount published six of his comedies under 2 ~ - tot oe 
the following title: ‘* Sixe Court Comedies, often presented and - fone 
acted before Queen Elizabeth by the Children of her Majesties ee ee 
Chappell and the Children of Paules. Written by the only rare re <7 oe 7 
poet of that time, the wittie, comicall; facetiously quicke and -20.% 7 * 
unparalleled, John Lilly, Master of Artes. Decies repetita place- ~ s=~7- “os 
bunt.” Ea Mase 
In his Dedication to Richard Lord Viscount Lumley, he ob- 
serves, ‘It can be no dishonour to listen to this poet’s musike, 
whose tunes alighted in the eares of a great and ever famous 
Queene: his invention was so curiously strung, that Elizaes 
Court held his notes in admiration.” Lilly, he adds, “ sat at the 
Sunne’s table: Apollo gave him a wreathe of his own bayes with- 
out snatching: the lyre he played on had no borrowed strings.’’ 
In his Preface, he says, ‘‘ Reader I have for the love I beare to 
posteritie, dig’d up the grave of a rare and excellent poet, whom 
Queene Blizabeth then heard, graced and rewarded. These 
papers of his lay like dead lawrels in a churchyard; but I have 
gathered the scattered branches up, and by charme, gotten from 
Apollo, made them greene againe, and set them up as epitaphés 
to his memory.....A sinne it were to suffer these rare monuments 


_ 


184 THE LIFE OF 


and Meres °, give him no less praise; and Lodge? 
highly commends his “ extraordinary facility of dis- 


of wit to be covered in dust. . . . Oblivion shall not so fen ona 
sonne of the Muses, and Bich a sonne as they called their 
darling... .. These his playes crowned him with applause and the 
spectators with pleasure. Thou cannot repent the reading of them 
over. When old John Lilly is merry with thee in thy chamber, 
thou shalt see few or none of our poets now [1632] are such 
wiltie companions, and thank me that brought him to thy. ac- 
quaintance. " 

The six plays ‘here collected, are, Endymion, Alexander and 
Campaspe, Sappho and Phao, Galathea, Mydas, and Mother 
Bombie. They had originally been printed in quarto ;' but being, 
as he said, scattered and unconnected, he had the merit of 
making them more accessible, by printing them together in a 
small volume; and he added, from manuscript, the numerous 
songs which had been omitted in the original editions. The plays 
of Lilly, which were not collected in this volume, are, The 
Woman in the Moon, printed in quarto, in 1597, and a pastoral, 
entitled Loves Metamorphosis, quarto, 1600. Kirkman, a book- 
seller, after the Restoration, ascribed also to this author The 
Maids Metamorphosis; but it was printed anonymously in 
1600; and on that, and other grounds, it may be ai 
whether it was Lilly's composition. 

Wood. erroneously ‘calls the collector of stig plays Sir 
Henry Blount, “ 

7 Discourse of English Poetry, quarto, 1586. ; 

8 See Nashe’s Apologie of Pierce Pennilesse, quali 1598, 
signat. G4. (Heis speaking of Lilly, and the person'whom he 
addresses is Gabriel Harvey.) ‘* He that threatned to conjure 
‘up Martin’s wit, hath written something in thy praise in Pap- 
hatchet [a pamphlet written by Lilly in 1589] for all°you accuse 
him to-have covertlie incenst the Earle of Oxford against: you. 
Mark him well; he is but a’ little fellow, but hee hath one of the 
best wits in England. Should he take thee in hand againe (as he 
flieth from ‘such inferior concertation), I prophecie there would be 
more gentlé readers die of a merrie mortalitye ingendred by the 
eternal jests he would maule thee with, than there have done this 


wali 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 185 


course,” by which he may have meant dialogue. But ‘0.’ 
the strongest proof, perhaps, that can be adduced to 


show how highly his comick talents were rated,is found 
in the encomiastick verses on Shakspeare, written by 
Jonson ; who, knowing the opinions of the former age, 
and the high estimation in which the productions that 
we are now considering had been held, thought he 
could not, in a few words, more forcibly describe our 
great dramatick poet’s comick excellence, than by say- 
ing he ‘out-shone even Lilly in comedy, as he sur- 
passed the admired and lofty stories of Marlowe it in 
the tragick drama: 


_“ That Inot mix thee so, my brain excuses ; 
“I mean, with great, but disproportion'd * Muses ; 


last infection. Imy self that enjoy but a mite of wit in compari- 
son of his talent, in pure affection to my native country make my 
style carry a presse sail,—am faine to cut off half the streame of 
thy sport-breeding confusion, for feare it should cause a general 
hicket throughout England.” See also his Have With You to 
Saffron Walden, quarto, 1596, signat. X 2. b. 

9 Ubi supra. 

1 « Divine wits, for many things as sufficient as all antiquity, 
(I speake it not on light surmise, but considerate judgment,) to 
you belongs the death that doth nourish this poison ; to ‘you the 
paine that endure the reproofe. Lilly, the famous for facility in 
discourse; Spencer, best read in ancient poetry ; Daniel, choice 
in word and invention; Drayton, diligent and formal; Th. 
Nashe, true English’ Arctine ;—all you unnamed professors’ or 
friends of poetry, but by me inwardly honoured ; knit your indus- 
tries in’private, to unite our fames in publike,....and all so em- 
battle: your selves; that hate’ of virtue may not embase you.” 
Wits Miserie and the Worlds ers by Thomas Lodge, Ato. 
1596. © 
» 2 Chaucer, Speneey, and Beaumont. He considered the last 


6 


oe 
- 


CBs nee 


, 


186, THE LIFE OF 


« For, if thought my judgement were of years, 
«* I should commit thee surely with thy peers 3, 

** And tell, how far thou dost our Lilly outshine, 
“ Or sporting Kyd 4, or Marlowe's 5 mighty line.” 


Supposing, however, that Spenser’s eulogy went. 
beyond the opinions of that age, which does not appear 
to have been the case, some allowance, as has been 
already hinted, may be claimed for the kindness of 
friendship, and for the feelings of this exquisitely 
tender and moral poet, whose taste would naturally 
prefer scenick productions, founded, as Lilly’s gene- 
rally were, on classick fables, and conducted in some 
instances with a pastoral simplicity, to any other. 
Whenever Spenser visited the playhouse, we may be 
confident that he directed his steps to the theatre 
where Lilly’s comedies were performed by the singing- 
boys of St. Paul’s, or the children of the Revels, 
rather than to the city theatres (the Red Bull, &.), 
where the compositions of Greene, Peele, and anon 
lowe, were represented °. 


named writer, though q dramatist, as disproportioned, probably 


* on account of his superior learning. 

_<~, 3 Thedramatick poets. lao t} 

“<7 4 This epithet appears to have been chosen merely in allusion 

-- to Kyd's name ; yet not a single comedy of his has come down 
., to us. He was the author of The Spanish Tragedy (to which 


Jonson himself made additions) ; the tragedy of Cornelia, both 
printed; and probably several others, that have been lost. va 
5 Of Marlowe, some account will be given hereafter. ; 

6 How congenial the sentiments of Spenser and Lilly were, 
with respect to the decorum of the stage, and the true ends 
and objects of comedy, appears from the following passage in 
Lilly’s prologue, at Blackfriars, to Sappho and Phaon, 1584; 
which, when compared with the verses already quoted from the 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 187 


John Lilly was born in Kent, about the same year 
with Spenser’ (1553); and it is not improbable that 
when Spenser quitted his residence in the North, and 
came into Kent *, about the year 1577. or 1578, he 
might have formed a friendship with this poet, then, 
I believe, newly returned from abroad, and perhaps a 
visitor in his native county. Lilly, in 1569, at six- 
teen years of age, became a member of Magdalen 
College in Oxford; in 1573 he took the degree of 
Bachelor, and that of Master of Arts in 1575-6°. He 
_ seems afterwards to have travelled; and in 1579; if 
not before, after his return from foreign parts, his cele- 


‘Tears of the Muses, afford considerable support to my interpreta- 
tion,of that passage. See particularly the fourth, fifth, sixth, and 
seventh stanzas : ay 

“Our intent was at this time, to moye inwarde delight, not 
outwardelighnes, and to breede, if it might be, soft smiling, not 
lowd laughing : knowing it to the wise to be as great pleasure to 
heare counsell mixed with witte, as to the foolish to have sport 
mingled with rudenesse. They were banished the theater at 
Athens and from Rome hissed, that brought parasites on the 
stage with apish actions, or fooles with uncivill habites, or 
curtizans with immodest words... We have endevored to be as far 
from unseemly speeches, to make your eares glow, as we hope 
you will be free from unkinde reportes, to make our cheekes 
blush.” 

7 In his Euphues and his England (signat. Hh 2 b.), he says, 
he can speak little of Queen Mary’s reign, being then. scarce 
born. Mary ascended the throne, June 1, 1553. I find, from 
the register of the University (in which he is described as “ ple- 
beii filius”), that he was matriculated in 1571. He is there 
said to be seventeen; which does not exactly agree with Wood's 
account, 
_-8 See the Commentary on Spenser's Fifth Eclogue, 4to. 1579. 

9 Ath. Oxon. i. 295. 


Sa 


188 THE LIFE OF 


brated work, entitled Euphues, The Anatomy of Wit', 
was published ; and in the following year appeared 
Euphues and his England, a composition not less ad- 
mired than his former production, of which it may be 
considered the sequel or second part. In both these 
works, though written in a quaint, affected, and. re- 
prehensible style, which yet at that time, and for 
many years afterwards, was extravagantly admired, 
are found a vein of good sense, and many just obser- 
vations on mankind. Probably in consequence of the 
high reputation acquired by the first of these produc- 
tions, he was, in 1579, incorporated a Master of Arts 
in Cambridge. It is a creditable circumstance to Lilly, 
that he was patronized by Edward Vere, the seven- 
teenth Earl of Oxford, whom he calls his master ; who 
appears to have been the most distinguished nobleman 
of his time for learning and poetical talents, and was 
himself an admired comick writer. Between the years 
1580 and 1586, or 1587, Lilly, it may be conjectured, 
produced five comedies; Alexander and Campaspe, 


* In Mr. Capell's collection, in Trinity College, Cambridge, is 
an edition of Lilly’s Euphues, without date ; which I believe to 
be the first. It consists of eighty-one leaves, and has ‘not the 
apologetical address to the University of Oxford, which appears 
to have been written in consequence of some offence taken, by 
the Oxonians, at his book. My edition, which is dated 1579, 
and is said, in the title-page, to be ‘corrected and augmented,” 
has that address ; and I, therefore, suppose it to be the second. 
The work, having been entered in the Stationers’ register, in 
1578, I imagine, was published either in the end of that 
year, or early in 1579. Lilly himself tells us it was first 
published in winter. The second edition appeared in the’ summer 
or autumn of the same year (1579). 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 189 


Galathea, Sappho and Phao, Midas, and Endymion ; 
all of which were represented by the choir-boys of St. 
Paul’s, in their singing school-room, and often acted 
by them at court before Queen Elizabeth, with great 
applause. He had, as he himself tells us, been 
* entertained her Majesty’s servant by her gracious 
favour,” and had been taught to hope, that: he might 
have been rewarded with the reversion of the office of 
Master of the Revels, or with that of Master of the 
Tents and Toils ; but after thirteen years’ service and 
expectation, he found, “ when he had cast up the in- 
ventory of his friends, hopes, promises, and times, that 
the sum total amounted to just nothing.” His com- 
plaints on this subject were poured forth in two peti-. 
tions to the Queen *, the latter of which, I conjecture, 
from a circumstance mentioned in it, was presented in 
1588 ; and it may be presumed, that not long after- 
wards, finding-his hopes of preferment disappointed, 
and the publick taste so vitiated that nothing but 
folly and vain toyes could succeed on the stage, he 
retired for some time either to Oxford or to a cottage 
in his native county *®. Soon afterwards, the theatre, 


2 Catal. Lib. Manuscript. Anglie, &c. Col, Univers. 152, 13. 
MS. Harl. 1877. 

3 About two years after Lilly appears to have made a tempo- 
rary retreat from the stage, the choir-boys of St. Paul’s. were pro- 
hibited from playing: and in 1591, or before, their playhouse 
was shut up, probably on account of the scurrility and licentious- 
ness which had prevailed for two or three preceding years in’ many 
of the theatres ; and this prohibition, I believe, continued for about 

_ ten years. Inthe preface to Lilly's Endymion, published in 1591, 
the printer says, “Since the playes in Paules were dissolved, 


190 THE LIFE OF 


in which his comedies had been represented, was shut 
up by authority, on account of that licentiousness.and 

' ribaldry to which Spenser alludes. 
The character of Lilly, as a dramatick writer, has 7 
been unjustly depreciated in modern times, in conse- | 
quence, I conceive, of its being supposed, that his | 
scenick productions are written in the same faulty 


athe 
S7Gh 


there are certain comedies come to my handes, which were pre- 
sented before her Majestie at severall tymes: by the Children of 
Paules. This is the first,” &c. See also Nashe’s Haye. a 
You. to Saffron Walden, 4to. 1596 (signat. G 4. b.), “Tr 
would hee might for mee, (that’s all the harme I wish him,) fo 
then we neede never wish the playes at Paules up againe ; but if . 
_ we were wearie with walking, and loth to goe too farre toseeke 
_ sport, into the Arches, we might step, and heare him. [Gabriel | 
| Harvey] plead, which would be a merrier comedie than ever was 
old Mother Bombie”’ [one of Lilly's plays]. ; ' 
In 1600, or 1601, this interdiction was taken off, and 6 
children of St. Paul's were again permitted to play. M: 
Antonio and Mellida,; Jack: Drum’s Entertainment, and Dekker's 
Satiromastix, were performed by them in 1601. 
Lilly, after having retired for some years, appears to have 
again resumed the pen; for his Woman in the Moon was entered 
in the Stationers’ register, September 22, 1595, and published in 
1597; but the theatre where his former pieces were represented 
being then shut, it appears to have been acted only at Court, . 
probably by the children of his Majesty's chapel, or the children 
of the Revels. It may, however, have been presented aba 
former period. 
That Lilly was living in 1597, is ascertained by his verses | 
prefixed to.a book entitled Christian Passions,’ by H. Lok, pub- 
lished in that year. The exact time of his death is not known, { 
but it probably happened soon. after the year 1600. No particu- 
{ lars of his person, or private life, have come down to us, except 
| that he was married ; ; that he was a little man, anda great het 


1 


\ of tobacco. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 191 


style with his other works ; and that they all abound 
with perpetual allusions to a kind of fabulous natural 
history, in which he and some of his contemporaries 
frequently indulged themselves, and for which he-has 
been justly censured by Drayton and: others, But 
this is not the fact ; for though in three of his come- 
dies he has too often fallen into this kind of impro- 
priety, the general tenour of the other three is dif- 
ferent; and, notwithstanding his defects, many of 
which in his own time were thought beauties, he un- 
questionably makes a nearer approach to a just de- 
lineation of character and life, than any comick poet 
that preceded Shakspeare. That they are free from 
quaintness, a too frequent play upon words (which at 
that time, however, was esteemed genuine wit), and 
some other faults, cannot be asserted with truth ; but 
these defects are, in some degree, balanced. by a live- 
lier dialogue, and a more natural representation than 
his contemporaries produced. In the greater part of 
his plays, the division into acts and scenes is critically 
attended to, and the unities of action, time, and place, 
- are well observed. It may also be remarked, that 
Lilly has not. produced a single tragedy, and that all 
his comedies are replete with “learning’s treasure ;” 
for they not only are founded on classick fables, as 
the plays performed by the choir-boys of St. Paul’s 
generally were‘, but abound with allusions to mytho- 


a 4 See the passage quoted in note 6, next page, where they are 
spoken of as “‘ musty fopperies of antiquity.” In the History of 
the English Stage, it will be seen that the following plays, 
founded on classical subjects, were performed by the children of 
St. Paul’s, between the years 157] and 1589 : 


192 THE LIFE OF 


logy, and quotations from the Roman poets.. If it 
should be objected, that in this respect he has little 
preserved that due decorum so much admired by 
Spenser, his courtiers, peasants, servants, husband- 
men, nymphs, and chambermaids, all occasionally 
speaking Latin, and all equally well, it should be re- 
collected that this practice was not peculiar to him*. 
A fact also should be remembered, which, I think, has 
escaped the notice of all our dramatick historians, 
though some of the passages by which it is ascertained 
have been quoted for other purposes. The circum- 
stance to which I allude is, that the audience usually 
assembled in the room behind the Convocation-House 
of St.-Paul’s, where all his plays were represented, 
was of a higher order, and composed of very different — | 
persons from those who frequented common theatres ; 

for it should seem to have principally consisted of ) 
gentlemen and scholars ®, without any intermixture 


1571, Iphigenia. 
1573-4, Alcmeon. i 
Timoclea at the Siege of Thebes. 
Perseus and Andromeda. | 
1576, History of Errour (doubtless from Prego 
Before 1579, Cupid and Psyche. 
1579, Scipio Africanus. 
1580, Pompey. 
1584, Alexander and Campaspe. 
Sappho and Phaon. 
Galathea. 
Between 1585 and 1589, Endymion, Midas. 
5 Latin quotations are frequently found in the plays pasted 
at the period here spoken of, particularly in those which were — 
oe by the choristers of St. Paul's. 
6 This appears from the following passages in an old <4 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE., 193 


of females; and appears to have borne’ some resem- 
blance to the audiences now annually collected to 


entitled ‘“ Jack Drum’s Entertainment, or the Comedy of 
Pasquil and Katherine, 4to, 1601, which was acted by the Chil- 
dren of St. Paul's. ‘In the Introduction, in answer to the Tyreman, 
who complains that the Author had. snatched.the play-book 
from him, and with violence kept the boys from entering on the 
stage, one of the children says,— 
* You much mistake the action, Tyerman ; 
‘* His violence proceeds not from a mind 
“That grudgeth pleasure to this generous presence, 
** But doth protest all due respect and love 
“ Unto this choice selected audience,” 
Again, in the fifth Act : 
“* Sir Edw. Now by my troth, and [if] I had thought 
on't, too ; 
“* T would have had a play ; i' faith, I would. 
“ T saw the Children of Pauls last night, . 
** And troth they pleas’d me pretty pretty well ; 
** The apes in time will do it handsomely. 
“* Pla. I’ faith, 
** I like the audience that frequenteth there 
‘* With much applause. Aman shall not be choked 
“* With the stench of garlick, nor be pasted to 
** The barmy jacket of a beer-brewer. 
“ Brah, Jun. Tis a good gentle Audience ; and [ hope the 
boys ! 
‘* Will come one day into the Court of Requests.” 
(This, I believe, is nothing more than a poor pun: ‘I hope 
they will one day be in request.") _. seit 
~ © Brah. Sen. Ay, and [if] they had good plays; but 
they produce 
** Such musty fopperies. of antiquity, 
“* And do not suit the humorous age’s back 
** With cloaths in fashion.” ' 
See also the Prologue to Antonio and Mellda, 1601, acted by 
the children of St. Paul's : 
VOL. II. oO 


194 | THE LIFE OF 


hear one of Terence’s comedies acted by the young 
gentlemen of Westminster school. Such dramas, 


“« The wreath of pleasure and delicious sweets 

“ Begirt the gentle front of this fair troop. 
“Silent and most respected auditors, 

“« For wit’s sake do not dream of miracles. 

“ Alas, we shall but falter, if you lay 

‘« The least sad weight of an unused hope 

“« Upon our weakness : only we give up 

‘“« The worthless present of slight idleness ;~ 
“To your authentick censure... . a 
** But oh, the healthy dryness of her braine 

“ Foil to your fertile spirits, is ashamed 

** To breathe her blushing numbers to such ears : 
** Yet, most ingenious, deign to veil our wants.” © 

So also, Lilly himself, in the Prologue to his Campaspe: 
“We here conclude; wishing that although there be in your 
precise judgments an universal mislike, yet we may enjoy by your 
wonted courtesies, a general silence.” 

Again, in the Prologue to Sapho and Phaon, 1594, when it was 
acted at Blackfriars: ‘‘ — yet we have ventured to present our 
exercise before your judgments, when we know them [their exer- 
cise] full of weak matter, yielding rather to the curtesie which 
we have ever found than to the precisenes which we ought to 
feare.” 

Again, in the Prologue to his Mydas: 

‘“We are jealous of your judgments, because you are wise ; 
of our own performance, because we are unperfect ; a of our 
author’s device, because ‘he is idle. Only this’ ‘doth encourage 


us ;—that presenting our studies before gentlemen, though ‘they 


receive an inward mislike, we shall not be hissd with an open 
disgrace. 
Stirps rudis urtica est ; stirps generosa rosa.” 
See also the concluding speech of Marston's" ‘Antonio’ s 
Revenge, performed at St. Paul's, in 1601 or 1602: 
«< And O if ever time create a Muse 
“That to the immortal fame of virgin faith 
«« Dares once engage his pen to write her death, 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 195 


perhaps it may be urged, were little suited to a 
courtly audience, composed of both’ sexes, before 
which they sometimes were exhibited: but let it be 
remembered that they were not originally intended 
for such an audience; and even at court, we know 
that many of the female nobility, and attendants on 
the Queen, were, like her Majesty, acquainted with 
the Latin language; consequently neither his allusions 
nor his quotations, could even there fail of being 
understood by a large portion of his auditors; and 


** Presenting it in some black tragedy, 
* * * * * 
‘* May it have gentle presence, and the scenes suckd up 
* By calm attention of choice audience.” 
. That the audience at) this theatre’ consisted only of men, ap- 

pears from Marston’s Epilogue to Antonio and Mellida ; in which, 
as well as in some of Lilly's plays, the address is only to the male 
sex; “‘ Gentlemen. Though I remain an armed Epilogue,” &c. 

See also Lilly's Prologue to Midas: ‘ Gentlemen ; so nice is 
the world,” &c.; and thé quotation above, from a ‘subsequent 
part ofthe same prologue. So, in the: Induction of Jack Drum’s 
Entertainment, played at St. Paul's: ‘ In good faith, gentlemen, 
I think we shall be forced to give you right Jack Drums Enter- 
tainment,” &c. The Epilogue to Lilly’s Galathed, where: we find 
** You ladies may see,” &c. was a court epilogue. 

In the theatres, where women were admitted ‘as ‘well as men, 
those supplicatory addresses are to both sexes. See the Epilogue 
to As You Like It, and many other plays. 

Thé price of admission into the theatre of St. Paul's, appears 
to have been double to what’ was demanded at the playhouse at 
Newington Butts, which was then specifically called The Thea- . 2. 42.4. 
tre, and probably to the price of admission at the Curtain, at that 4..~. 
period ; a circumstance which contributed to render the audience 
more select. See Lilly's Pap with a Hatchet, &c. [1589], 
Signat.'D 3. in marg.: “If it be shewed at Paules, it will cost 
‘you fourepence, at the Theater twopence.” 

0 2 


196 THE LIFE OF 


their introduction, instead of being thought a fault, 
was undoubtedly considered a beauty. In further 
support of Spenser’s eulogy on this poet, I may add, 


that several of his characters are happily conceived, 


and some of them may have been models to subse- 
quent dramatists. In our author’s early plays, we 
may sometimes trace, in the lower characters, an imi- 


tation of Lilly’s manner’. His Alchemist and As- 


tronomer in Galathea, perhaps, gave rise to Jonson’s 


Subtle, and Congreve’s Foresight ; and Sir Tophas in 
Endymion may in like manner have been the remote 


original of Malvolio in ‘Twelfth Night, where nearly 


the same name is applied to another character. In. 


his Galathea, to the change of sex in which piece I 
suspect Spenser particularly alludes, when he speaks 
of his admired poet’s “ fine counterfesance, and un- 
hurtful sport,” the opening may, longo intervallo, ve- 
mind us of the first scene in The Tempest, as that of 
Richard the Third is evidently formed on a passage 
in Lilly’s Campaspe*: and of the numerous songs in 


7 See particularly The Comedy of Errors, and The Two Gen- 
tlemen of Verona, 
8 ** Now are our brows bound with victorious wreaths ; 
‘* Our stern alarums chang'd to merry meetings ; 
“* Our dreadful marches to delightful measures ; 
“ Grim-visaged war hath smooth’d his wrinkled front, 
** And now, instead of mounting barbed steeds, 
‘* To fright the souls of fearful adversaries, 
‘¢ He capers nimbly in a lady’s chamber, 
*« To the lascivious pleasing of a lute.” 
K. Richard III. Act I. Sc. 1. 
‘© Is the warlike sound of drum and trump turn’d to the soft 


noise of lyre and lute? The neighing of barb'd steeds, whose _ 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 197 


his plays, many of which are uncommonly elegant 
and happy, and seem to have been particularly 
alluded to by Spenser°, some passages have been 
expressly imitated by Shakspeare. 

But how, it will be asked, can John Lilly be 
alluded to, under the words—* our pleasant Willy?” 
This seeming difficulty may. be easily removed, by 
attending to the phraseology of Spenser’s age, and 
adverting to a conceit, which seems frequently to 
have governed him in the formation of poetical names, 
shadowing real persons. 

In his time shepherd was a common denomination 
of a poet. Thus Shakspeare,in As You Like It, 
apostrophizing Marlowe, who was not a pastoral, but epee = 


a dramatick poet,— We Bt I 


Lash 
“ Dead shepherd, now [See thy saw of might ; 
** Whoever lov'd, that lov’d not at first sight? ” 


In like manner Spenser, throughout his poem, en- 
titled Colin Clout’s Come Home Again, as well as in 
various other parts of his works, uses these terms as 
synonymous. 


loudness fill’d the air with terrour, and whose breaths dimmed 
the sun with smoak, converted to delicate tunes and amorous 
glances,” &c. Campaspe, 1584. 

Here we find the germ of the preceding passage, in which 
Shakspeare, with his usual felicity, has expanded Lilly's thought. 
This parallelism was first pointed out by Mr. Reid. 

9 “ That want with comick sock to beautify 
‘« The painted theatres, and fill with pleasure 
“ The listeners’ eyes and eaves with melody.” 

In the last line; I conceive Spenser particularly alluded to 
Lilly's songs, which are eminently smooth and elegant in their 
composition, and doubtless had the aid of such musick. as then. 
was most in vogue. 


Le 1 €9- 


| 


198 THE LIFE OF 


As shepherd was a common appellation for any of 
the poetical tribe °, so Willy was a common name for a 
shepherd; and hence, probably, this denomination was 
sometimes applied by the writers of Shakspeare’s. age, 
to poets who had no claim to the Christian/name of 
William. Thus, in an ancient song, probably of she 
time of James the First, 


** As Willy once essay’d 
“To look for a lamb that was stray’d,” &c. 


and in an Eclogue on the death of Sir Philip 
Sidney (as Dr. Farmer formerly suggested to me), 
which was written not long after that event, perhaps 
by Arthur Warren ', a poet very little known, we find 


9 So, in Florio’s Second Frutes, 4to. 1591: “ But not I, nor 
this place, may halfe suffice for his [Lord Leicester's] praise, 
which the sweetest singer of all our western shepheards hath so 
exquisitely depicted, that, as Achilles by Alexander was ac- 
counted happy for having such a rare emblazoner of his magna- 
nimitie as the Alconian poete, so I account him thrice fortunate 
in having such a herauld of his virtues as Spencer.” 

t The Eclogue here quoted first appeared in Davison’s Poetical 
Rhapsodies, 8vo. 1602; where it is entitled ** An Eclogue made 
long since on the Death of Sir Philip Sidney;” and it is sub- 
scribed with the letters, A. W. In the Museum, among Sir 
Symonds D’Ewes’s manuscripts, is one (MS. Harl. 280, fol. 99) 
containing, ‘‘ acatalogue ofall the poems in ryme and measured 
verse, by A. W.,” and the first line of each poem is given. At 
the end is'a tickibe; that ‘in a parchment book bound with The 
Shepheard’s Calendar is an Eclog on the Death of Sir Philip 
Sidney, by A. W. beginning ‘Perin, aread,’ &c.” which is the 
eclogue in question; and it is highly probable that it was written 
immediately after Sidney’s death. The initial letters, A. W. 
I suspect to have denoted Arthur Warren, of whose avowed pto- 


| ductions, the only poem that I have seen is entitled ‘‘ The Poor 


Mans Passions, and Poverties Patience,” 4to. 1605, which is in 
my collection. 


a ee i 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 199 


the celebrated author of the Arcadia, lamented in se- 
veral stanzas by the name of Willy*.. On _ this 
ground alone, therefore, “ our pleasant Willy ah! is 
dead of late,” might mean,—our spritely poet is of 
late as silent as the grave, and wholly unemployed. 
2. But Spenser, I have no doubt, had a further 
object in view, and intended enigmatically to point 
out the person in his contemplation; though he 
might have thought it more suitable to the general 
tenour of his poem not expressly to name him’; and 


2 * Willy is dead, %: : 
« That wont to lead ae se: iB thy eS 
“ Our flocks and us in mirth and shepherds’ glee. laine ow fino 
* * * * * for Cot’ met 
/ : cry: 
“ Of none but Willy’s pipe they made account ‘<a (fas 
* * * * * 


“‘ We dream’d our Willy aye should live, 
** So sweet a sound his pipe did give.” 

3 In like manner, Spenser, wishing to show his respect and 
gratitude to his patron, Arthur Lord Grey, on his government of 
Ireland, instead of mentioning, in express terms, the country to 
which .he was sent, tells us, that Artegall, i.e. the equal or 
just Arthur (a fictitious name, formed from the first syllable of 
Lord .Grey’s Christian name, and the French word egal), went 
to.succour the lady Irena, the metathesis of Ierna or Ierne, the 
ancient name of that kingdom: 

"__ €* And such was he of whom I have to tell 

‘* The champion of true justice, Artegall, 

«« Whom (as ye lately mote remember well,) 

“¢ An hard adventure which did then befall 

*« Into: redoubled peril forth did call: 

“« That was, to,succour.a distressed dame 

“« Whom a.strong tyrant did unjustly thrall, 
_* And from. the; heritage which she did claime 

« Did with strony hand withhold ; Grantorto was his name. 


200 THE LIFE OF 


therefore wrote Willy for Lilly, changing only the 
first letter *; as, in another poem’, he has introduced 


‘“* Wherefore that lady which Irena hight, vids 
‘* Did to the Faerie Queene her way addresse 
““To whom complayning her afflicted plight 
“« She her besought of gratious redresse: 
“« That soveraigne queene, that mightie emperesse, 
«* Whose glorie is, to aide all suppliants pore, 
** And of weake princes to be patronesse, 
** Chose Artegall to right her to restore, 
** For that to her he seem’d best skil'd in righteous lore.” 
Faery Queen, b. v. c. i. st. 3, 4. 

4 * Out of names (says Camden), the busie head of man, con- 
tinually working, hath wrought, out of /iking or dislike, allusions, 
very common in all ages and among all men... . An allusion is, as 
it were, a dalliance or playing with words, like in sound, but un- 
like in sense, by changing, adding, or substracting a Jetter or 
two; so that words nicking and resembling one the other, are 
appliable to different significations, ... The Greekes (to omit infi- 
nite others,) nicked Antiochus Epiphanes, with Epinanes, that 
is, the furious. The Romans likewise played with bibbing Tibe- 
rius Nero, calling him Biberius Mero. So, Tully called the ex- 
torting Verres, in the actions against him, Verrens, as sweep-all. 
So, in Quintilian, the sower fellow Placidus was called Acidus ; 
and of late, one called Scaliger, Aliger.” Remaines, 4to. 1605. 
To these observations of Camden, I may add, that in the maxim 
of the moralists, which allows us, in conversation, to be facetosi, 
but not acetos?, a similar conceit may be discerned. Spenser, 
therefore, to whom all ancient learning was familiar, had, we see, 
classical authority for this practice. About forty years before, Dr. 
Collet, the learned and pious Dean of St. Paul’s, in the code of 
laws which he wrote for the government of his school, did not 
think it unbecoming his gravity to indulge in asimilar playfulness 
of language. ‘And then (says he, let them read) Institutum 
Christiani Hominis, which that learned Erasmus made at my re- 
quests, and the boke called Copia, of the same Erasmus; and 
then other authors Christian; as Lactantius, Prudentius, and 


| 


~ 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 201 


Robert, or, in the familiar language and orthography 
of that age, Robbin Earl of Leicester, under the ap- 


Probus and Sedulius, and Juvencus and Baptista Mantuanus, 
and suche other as shall be thought convenient, and most to 
purpose unto the true Laten speeche; all barbary, all corruption, 
all Laten adulterate, which ignorant blind foles brought into this 
worlde, and with the same hath distayned and poysonid the old 
Laten speche, and the verage Romayne tongue, whiche in the 
tyme of Tully and Sallust and Virgill and Terence was usid, 
whiche also Sainte Jerome and Sainte Ambrose, and Sainte 
Austen, and many holy doctors lernid in their tymes: I saye, 
that filthynes, and all suche abusion, whiche the later blinde 
worlde brought in, whiche more rather may be called d/otterature, 
than litterature, I utterlye abannyshe and exclude out of this 
Scole.” Knight's Life of Dean Collet, p. 364, 
5 Colin Clout’s Come Home Again :. 

«* Ah Colin, then said Hobdbinol, the blame 

‘“« Which thou imputest, is too general ; 

“ Asif not any gentle wit of name 

“‘ Nor honest mind, might there * be found at all. 

“< For well, I wot, sith I my selfe was there, 

“ To wait on Lobbin, (Lobbin well thou knowest,) 

* Full many worthie ones then waiting were 

** As ever else in prince’s court thou viewest.” 

Colin, it should be remembered, is Spenser, and Hobbinol, his 
friend Gabriel Harvey, who is here speaking of patronage and 
the Court. Harvey, in his Pierce's Supererogation enumerates 
Lord Leicester among his friends and patrons, ‘‘ to whose 
worshipful and honourable favours (says he) I have been be- 
holding for letters of extraordinary commendation, such, as some 
men of good experience have doubted whether they ever vouch- 
safed the like to any of either University.” See also Three 
Proper and Wittie Familiar Letters, &c. 4to. 1580, p. 27. 

Robin (usually mis-spelt Robbin) was the common substitute 
for Robert in the age of Queen Elizabeth, and long afterwards ; 


* ij, e. at Court. 


Fifi hie D2“ 


| Re ene 


pret : 


202 THE LIFE OF 


pellation of Lobbin; substituting, in this case, L for 
R, as. in the instance now before us he has substituted 
W for L. The epithet “pleasant” (* our pleasant 
Willy”), I may add, had here a peculiar force and 
propriety; for Lilly had been so much distinguished 
for his wit and vivacity at Oxford, that one of his 
adversaries has endeavoured to depreciate him on this 
ground, as if his spriteliness and -humour were 
greater than became a scholar. ‘When these verses 
first appeared, it is reasonable to suppose that this 


and was used in addressing persons high in authority and rank. 
Thus Lord Essex, in a letter to Sir Robert Sidney, Governor of 
Flushing, March 4, 1596-7, addresses him by this familiar ap- 
pellation. (See Memoirs of the Sidneys, p. 115, Sid. Papers, 
vol. i.) Nor was such an address considered undignified, or too 
familiar, when applied, on the stage, to a nobleman; for, in The 
Downfall of Robert Earl of Huntington, 4to. 1601, we find these 
lines : 

“ Alas, my Robbin, what distemper’d griefe 

«* Drinks up the roseate colour of thy cheekes ?” 

A few years after the publication of Colin Clout, Lobbin was 

so well known to have there designated Robert Earl of Leicester, 


” that Bishop Bedel, in a poem on the Gunpowder Plot, written, in 
~ some measure, in imitation of the obsolete style of Spenser's pas- 


torals (which lay long in manuscript, and was at length published, 
for a political purpose, with a spurious title, in 1713), uses it as 
|& designation of another nobleman with the same Christian 
name, Robert Cecil Earl of Salisbury. I quote from a MS. 
among Archbishop Sancroft’s papers, at Oxford, which varies, in 
some measure, from the printed copy : 

*« T turned to hearken this matter at full; 

‘* And for the rest, trust me, if you wool : 

‘« Of many good shepheards I heard the same, 

‘* And from the sage Lobdins own mouth it came ; 

“* The wise Lobdin, that fame doth resound, 

** As true a shepheard as lives on ground.” 


a 
é 
ia 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 203 


paronomasy was understood. by many. curious and. in- 
telligent readers; and that the eulogy of Lilly, by so 
great a poet as Spenser, being the subject of conver- 
sation among the admirers of poetry, and the more 
polished frequenters of the playhouses, induced a book- 
seller to furnish the publick with copies of his plays. 
Two only of his comedies had .been printed six years 
before, and the whole of the impressions disposed. of ; 
but not many months after Spenser’s poem appeared, 
_ three others, Galathea, Endymion, and Midas, were 
entered in the Stationers’ register, and published in 
1591 and 1592; and at the same time the other two 

were reprinted. Thus, at once, were gratified the 
admirers of this celebrated poet, in London, who, 
doubtless, read, with delight, those comedies which 
they had often seen represented on the stage with 
the highest applause; and his less fortunate acade- 
mick friends of Oxford and Cambridge, who, at that 
period, had little intercourse with the metropolis, and 
whose curiosity must have been strongly excited by 
the extraordinary success of those scenick productions, 
on which the judicious Muse of Spenser had set the 
seal of learned and unqualified approbation. 

It may be observed, that a few years after the 
verses under our consideration were published, Dray- 
ton, in like manner, eulogized Sir Philip Sidney, 
under the invented name of Elphin®; which was 


6 « Elphin is dead, and in his grave is laid ; 
“*O, to impart it how my heart it grieveth ! 
«* Cruel that fate, that so the time betray’d, 


** And of our joys untimely us depriveth. 
x * * * 


204 THE LIFE OF 


manifestly formed by a transposition of the letters in 
the first syllable, or abbreviation, of his Christian 
name [Phil], and of the only letters that are sounded _ 
in the last syllable of his surname [ne]; for the ana- 


“Who would not die, when Elphin now is gone, 
« Living that was the shepheard’s true delight, 
“ With whose blest spirit (attending him alone) 
“ Virtue to heaven directly took her flight. 
* * % * * 
ee Summer's s long’st day shall shepheards not suffice 
“ To sit and tell full stories of thy praise, 
‘* Nor shall the longest winters night comprize 
* Their sighes for him, the subject of their layes.” __ 

Idea, the Shepheards Garland, fashioned in nine Eglogues, 
4to. 1598, Egl. vi—(I quote, however, from the edition of 
1619.) 

But how is it ascertained that Elphin i is the representation of 
Sir Philip Sidney? The mystery is explained in Drayton's 
Seventh Eglogue : describing, as appears from the context,’ and 
the margin, Mary Countess of Pembroke, he says : 


‘“‘ This is that nymph on that great western waste, 
“< Her flockes far whiter than the driven snow, 
‘* Fair shepheardesse, clear Willies banks that grac ‘d, 
«Yet she them both for f purenesse doth out-go, 
« To whom all shepheards dedicate their layes, 
‘‘ And on her altars offer up their bayes. 


‘* Sister sometime she to that shepheard was, 
“ That yet for piping never had his peere ; 

“ Elphin, that did all other swaines surpasse, 
** To whom she was of living things most dear ; 
‘* And on his death-bed, by his latest will, 

** To her bequeath’d the secrets of his skill.” 


In a marginal note on the word ‘‘ Willies,’ the author has 
added—* A river running by Wilton near to the plain of Salis- 
bury.” 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 205 


grammatists, as the learned in that art inform us, 
claim the licence of disregarding such letters as are 
silent and inefficient, in which predicament the final 
letter in Sidney stands. By this process Philne was 
obtained; and then, by transposition, Elphin. 
Sidney also, himself (and Spenser after him), with a 
similar allusion to the first syllable of his Christian 
name, preferring to it a Greek word of the same im- 
port with the fictitious name of his mistress [Stella], 
had denominated himself Astrophil ; though, for 
some reason or other, perhaps with a view to throw 
a veil over the conceit, the word, in their time, was 
generally written Astrophel. So common, indeed, 
were these conceits, and so congenial, in this respect, 
were the sentiments of Spenser’s friend, Lodowick 
Bryskett, that, in the elegy which he wrote on the 
death of Sir Philip Sidney, having introduced an 
eclogue, in which there are two speakers; one of 
them, we find, is Colin, Spenser’s assumed name ; 
and the other interlocutor, in compliment, we may 
presume, to him, is denominated Lycon; being 
merely the metathesis or anagram of that poetical 
designation. 

The literal artifice by which the name of the ad- 
mired dramatick poet, whom Spenser had in view, 
was half divulged and half concealed’, did not, I 


7 Thus also Edmund Scory, or Scorie (who I suspect was a 
god-son; of Spenser's, being the’son of Silvanus Scory, from whom 
probably Spenser’s eldest son Silvanus derived his baptismal 
name), revealed only to the curious his name, which was “ ex- 
pressed and not expressed,” by being thus subscribed to some 


q 


206 THE LIFE OF 


conceive, escape the curious in the days of anagram 
and allusion; but, in process of time, such devices 
having become unfashionable, and fallen’ into ‘disuse, 
the secret meaning ceased to be understood, and fora 
long period he hasbeen deprived of the fair fame 
with which Spenser intended to eneirele his brows. 
Every thing has its day. ‘There is a fashion in the 
works of’ the imagination, no less than in our cloaths, 
and equipage, and modes of life: and’ the dominions 
of wit, as well-as empires, have their:rise and pro- 
gress; and, like them, are subject to revolution and 
decay. Hence, what at one period:was thought ex- 
tremely fanciful and ingenious, at another, is:con- 
temptuously denominated a fantastick  crotchet, or 
verbal quibble ; or depreciated by whatever other cha- 
racter or epithet, fastidiousness or refinement may have 
fixed to it. But we should always keep in our thoughts 
the manners, and habits, and prejudices, of the age 


eommendatory verses prefixed to Drayton’s Heroical Epistles in 
1598 : . 
E. Sc. Gent. — 
Duris decus omen. co 
The words under the initials of his names, of which’ ae mean- 
ing is not very apparent, are an anagram, and the letters, properly 
arranged, form Edmundus Scorie. Of Edmund Scory, and his 
father Silvanus, who was the son of John Scory, Bishop of He- 
reford, and was a patron of poets, some account’ may be’found in 
Wood's Ath. Oxon, i. 367, 682. Edmund, in 1617, was knighted: 
and in the later editions of Drayton’s’ Poems, his namie is written 
at length; a circumstance which was not discovered till long 
after the foregoing observation was made. He is author of a 
short account of the assassination of Henry the Fourth of France, 
anda eulogy on that monarch, a small quarto ‘published in'1610. 


| 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. | 207 


which produced the works we are reviewing. That; in 
the age of Elizabeth, and her successor on the throne, 
the allusive play, on names very nearly resembling 
each other, which we are now considering, was perfectly 
congenial to the taste of the time, may be shown by 
numerous instances ; but by none, perhaps, that can 
more strongly evince the popularity of this exercise of 
the faney, than’ a circumstance recorded’ of King 
James, during his visit at Oxford, in 1605, about 
fifteen years after The Tears of the Muses was writ- 
ten: who, while he was surrounded by all the grave 
and’ reverend sages of that famous University, in- 
dulged himself in the very same conceit which Spenser 
has employed in the adumbration of the distinguished 
comick writer whom he has'so highly eulogized; and 
his Majesty’s playful substitution of one name for 
another, differing only in its initial letter, however 
little applause it may obtain at the present day, un- 
questionably then excited no less admiration in that 
learned body, than it did in their publick orator (a 
celebrated scholar and wit), by whom, we find, it was 
considered a very happy paronomasy, or, . to ‘use his 
‘own words, a most sweet and pleasant allusion. 
After having related that the King, on viewing 


the Bodleian Library, was much struck by the assem- 


blage. of many thousand volumes. of. printed books 
and’ manuscripts, collected, at a» great expense; from 


‘the’ most distant’ parts of the world ; and ‘that “his 


Majesty thence took occasion to pay a high compli- 
ment to the University, observing, that he had often 
been presented by them with the richest fruits of 
ingenuity and learning, but never before had 'seen'the 


_— 


208 THE LIFE OF 


garden in which they grew and were gathered; Mr. 
Isaac Wake, to whom we are indebted for this anee- 


dote, proceeds to inform us, that a bust of the 


founder, which had been presented by their chan- 
eallen » next attracted the royal visiter’s attention ; 

« Dumque,” says the orator, “ intentos oculos con- 
jicit in Bodlei statuam° (quam ex alabastro dedola- 
tam et inductis coloribus vividé representantem, illus- 
trissimus cancellarius bene meritd, amoris ergé, po- 
suerat), suavissimd allusione ad pientissimum hoe 


Bodlei opus (lingua enim patrid prime tantum 


litere discrimen est inter Bodlgi nomen et Pit), eum 
Thome Godly nomine insignivit, eoque potius nomine 
quam Bodly deinceps meritd nominandum esse cen- 


suit’.” From this relation, we may safely conclude, 


8 Thomas Sackville, the first Earl of Dorset. 


9 Though this word is employed, the representation here de- 
scribed was, in fact, only a bust, which is yet preserved in the — 


Bodleian Library. See Wood's Hist. and Antiq. of the Univer- 
sity of Oxford, vol. ii. part ii. p. 925, 4to. 1796. 

* Rex Platonicus, &c. ab Isaaco Wake, publico academize ejus- 
dem oratore, 4to. 1607, p. 116. 

The following anecdote, though somewhat ludicrous, may yet 
be introduced with sufficient propriety, in the discussion of so 
light a subject as ancient paronomasy, more especially as it.serves 
to show that Spenser was by no means singular in thus playing 
on the names of his contemporaries; and that even a grave and 
learned divine of the same period, who afterwards sat in the archi- 


episcopal throne of Canterbury, did not think it beneath-him toin-.__ 
dulge, like our British Solomon, in this species of wit., The anec- - 


dote to which I allude is recorded by Mr. Aubrey, in his Life of 
Dr. Ralph Kettel, Master of Trinity College, in Oxford, from the 
year 1598 to 1643, when he died: and oddly enough, Sir Isaac 


Wake, to whom we are indebted for that related above, is here 


also a principal agent. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 209 


that the poet’s latent meaning, in the verses which 
have given rise to the present disquisition, was imme+ 


“*I cannot (says Aubrey) forget astory that Robert Skinner, 
Bishop of Oxon, told me of one Slymaker, a fellow of the college 
(Trinity College, Oxford], long’ since. The custom was in those 
days to go every Saturday night, I think, to Joshua [Joseph] 
Barnes’ shop the bookseller, opposite the west door of St. Mary’s, 
when the news was brought from London, &c. This impudent 
clown would always be hearkening to people's whisperings, and 
overlooking their letters,—that he was much taken notice of. Sir 
Isaac Wake, who was a witty man, was resolved he would put a 
trick upon him, and'understood that such a Sunday Slymaker was 
to preach at St. Mary’s: so Sir Isaac, the Saturday before, reads 
a very formal letter to some person of quality, that ‘ Cardinal 
Baronius was turned Protestant, and was marching with an army 
of forty thousand men against the Pope.’ Slymaker hearkened 
with greedy ears; and the next day, in his prayer before the 
sermon, beseeched God of his infinite mercy and goodness to give 
a blessing to the army of Cardinal Baronius, who was turned 
Protestant, and was marching with an army of forty thousand 
men,—and so ranon. He had a Stentorian voice, and thundered 
itout: The auditors all stared, and wereamazed. Abbot (after- 
wards Bishop of Sarum) was then Vice-Chancellor, and when 
Slymaker. came out of the pulpit, sent to him, and asked him his 
name.* ‘ Slymaker,’ said he. ‘ No, (said the Bishop) tis Lye- 
maker.” 

One of the circumstances here mentioned may nearly ascertain 
the chronology of this story. The Vice-Chancellor must have 
been, not Robert Abbot, Bishop of Salisbury, as Aubrey erro- 
neously supposed (that prelate never having filled that office), but 
Dr. George Abbot, afterwards Bishop of London, and finally 
Archbishop of Canterbury, who was Vice-Chancellor of the 
University. of Oxford, in 1600, 1603, and 1605; to one of which 
periods, therefore, this anecdote must be referred. Dr. Skinner, 
Bishop of Oxford, the relater of the story, was admitted into 
Trinity College in 1605. Henry Slymaker became a student, at 

( Oxford, about the year 1592 ; took the degree of Master of Arts 
in 1598, and was afterwards elected a Fellow of Trinity College. 
VOL. Il. P 


ics | | 


210 THE LIFE OF 


diately apprehended by this learned monarch, how- 
ever it might have escaped the notice of such of his 
subjects as were less enlightened, or less versed in 
the mysterious subtilties of allusive and anagram- 
matick lore. These, however, among the readers of 
poetry, were comparatively so few, and the admirers 
and cultivators of such conceits were so numerous, 
that, doubtless, this verbal artifice, or, as Camden 
calls it, “ name device,” was, in Spencer’s time, at 
least, in the metropolis, understood by many persons ; 
though, at a subsequent period, it sunk into’ ened 
livion °. 


Aubrey gives Sir Isaac Wake the title by which he was ascevardl 
distinguished ; but he was not then knighted. He became a 
member of the University of Oxford in 1593 ; probationary fellow” 
of Merton College, in 1598; and Orator of the University, in 
1604. He. received the honour of knighthood, at Royston, in 
1619; and was afterwards employed as an ambassador, in Savoy, 
Piedmont, Italy, &c. A further account of him may be found in 
Fuller's Worthies (Norfolk), p.286 ; and in Wood's Ath. Oxon; 
573. 
2 If it should be asked, “‘ Why, if this matter was ‘understood, 
at least, by the curious, did no one inform posterity that Lilly 
was the person here eulogized by Spenser?” to this question I 
shall reply by another. Why did not some contemporary writer 
inform us who the several poets were, whom ‘Spenser has praised 
in the verses quoted in the next section, under the names of 
Harpalus, Corydon, Palin, Alcon, Palemon, and Action ? all of 
whom unquestionably were, at that time, known to the curious 
and more enlightened perusers of Spenser's poetry. Why did not 
some one inform us, when Shakspeare first came to London, 
what was his original breeding and education; what was his - 
father’s trade ; which was -his first play, and .when it was pro- 
duced ; what was the order and succession of his dramas; when 
he finally left the theatre, and what fortune he acquired by it? 
Why did none of the writers, of the time, inform us,’ who was 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 211 


« While we are in quest of remote and less obvious 
analogies, we sometimes overlook: those immediately 
before us. Of the truth of this observation, the 
verses under our consideration afford a singular in- 
stance; for the similitude between the name of Lilly 
and that which was substituted by Spenser in its 
place, is so striking, that it is wonderful it should so 
long have eluded our notice. When we advert to 
the general propensity to anagram, and “ a dalliance 
with names,” which prevailed in that age ; for Drayton, 
we have seen, has his Elphin, Shakspeare his Cali- 


the original author of Titus Andronicus ; who was the writer of 
the old plays on which Shakspeare formed’ his Henry the Sixth? 
Why did no one tell us who was the author of the several plays 
falsely published under his name, in his life-time; concerning 
which, he’himself never took the trouble to undeceive the world? 
All these were facts known to many at that time. 
» Sir Walter Raleigh told the clergyman who attended him, just ° 
before he lost his head, that his adversary, Essex, had been 
taken off by a trick. This trick we now know; but why did not 
that clergyman, or any other of his contemporaries, inform us 
what that trick was? Shakspeare, we are told, in the contest 
between him and Ben Jonson, ‘ put him down, and made him 
bewray his credit.” Why did no one throw some light on this’ 
mysterious account, and inform us how he discomfited his surly 
' antagonist, and transmit to us the ballad, or epigram, or lampoon, 
\ by which this literary victory was achieved? The truth is, our. 
ancestors paid very little attention to posterity: they thought 
many things trifles, and unworthy of notice, which we consider 
important; and have left us in the dark about many other curious 
particulars, as well as these, which, at least, the literary part of 
their successors would be extremely glad to ascertain. The 
biographer of our poet has, above all others, especial reason to 
lament the literary penury of his contemporaries, whose admira- 
tion of his genius, high as it was, never led them to transmit to 
posterity any particulars of his private life, or dramatick history. 
P 2 


212 THE LIFE OF 


ban*, Ben Jonson his Oriana‘, and other =e 
similar literal and verbal devices’; when Spenser’s 


3 The metathesis of Caliban, for Cannibal, is obvious. And 
still more appositely, in Measure for Measure, and in the Second 
Part of King Henry IV. by the change of the first letter, we have 
(in burlesque) Canibal, for Hantbal, 

4 See Jonson's Entertainment at Althorpe, 4to. 1603 ; 

‘* We'll expresse in every thing 
** Oriana’s well-coming.” 

In the margin, on the word Oriana, we find this note: ‘ Quasi 
oriens Anna.” 

See also Hymenzi, a masque, by the same writer, on the mar- 
riage of Robert Earl of Essex and Lady Frances Howard, 4to. 
1606 : 

** And see, where Juno, whose great name 
** Is Unio in the anagram, 
** Displayes her glistering state,” &c. 

$ Though the general prevalence of verbal devices, in the age 
of Spenser, is well known, yet, as they have been long out of 
fashion, it may not be improper to collect, in this place, a few 
examples of these obsolete fancies. 

Philip Stubbes, in the first edition of his Anatomie of Abuses, 
lvo, 1583, thoughout his work describes Anglia, or England, 
under the name of Ai/gna; and, about sixty years afterwards, the 
distresses of Ireland were displayed in a comedy called Cola’s 
Fury, or Lirenda's Misery. So, Thomas Lupton, in his book 
entitled Too Good to be True, &c. 4to. 1584, describes a kind of 
Utopia, or country of imaginary perfection, under the awkward 
metathesis of Maugsun [Nusqguam], and the whole dialogue (for 
that is the form of his work) is carried on by two speakers, each 
of whose,names is an anagram: Siugila [Aliquis], born in a 
most fruitful island, called Ailgna [i. e. Anglia}, and Omen 
[Nemo.] Theodore Beza, Spenser's contemporary, with whose 
writings he doubtless was well acquainted, concealed himself 
under the double veil of translation and anagram, substituting for 
his Christian and surname Adeodatus Seba. ‘* Carmina’ ejus 
(says Sir Thomas Pope Blount, in his Censura Authorum) legun~ 
tur. tom. iii. Delit. Gal. sub nomine Adeodati Seb, Vesalitensis, 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 213 


play on other names is considered; and, in addition 
to the remarkable and kindred paronomasy, by which 
he has designated his patron, it is observed, that, in 
his eleventh Eclogue, the two principal persons, sha- 
dowed and eulogized under feigned denominations, 
were, by a double artifice, so covertly concealed, as to 
éludé the researches of the poet’s intimate friend and 
commentator; though now, with the aid of some 


sub quo /atere voluit.”. John Penry, the well-known’ schisma- 

tick, in 1589, impudently dedicated his ‘Theses’ Martiniane to 

John Cankerbury, meaning the learned and pious John Whitgift, 

Archbishop of Canterbury. Thus also Orchesographies, a 

eurious treatise on dancing, in French (for the notice of which I 

am indebted to the ingenious’ Mr. Douce), was published in 

4to. in 1584, by Jean Tabouret, under the anagrammatical name of 

Thoinot Arbeau. In liké manner, a Dialogue between the Crosse 

in Cheap and Charing Crosse, was’ published in 1641, by Henry 

Peacham (who was about twenty-two years younger thar 

Spenser), under the anagram of Ryhen Pameach: and Sir 

Symonds D'Ewes,. in his Memoirs of his own life, a manuscript 

in the British Museum, speaking’ of Sir Francis Bacon’s being 

created’ Viscount St. Alban, in’ 1621, informs us that the wits of 

the time then said, that Nadal, being folly or foolishness, and the 7. 9, 2... Je 
true anagram of Alban, might well set forth his fond and impotent 5 222... 
ambition.” MS. Harl. 640. So common were these fancies i 

the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries. See'also p. 219, n. 8 

where other examples of similar literal devices will be found. 

After the Restoration, Dryden, as’ I have shown in’ his Life, 
shadowed his friend, Sir Charles Sidley, under the name of Lisi- 
déius, the anagram’ of his surname, Latinized (Sidleius);' and) 
above a century after’ Spenser's verses were written, Swift con- 
cealed, or attempted to conceal, the name or title of Decanus 
[the Dean], under that of Cadenus ; and’ has employed the same 
kind of conceit in his verses entitled’ Pethon the Great. He is; 
perhaps, the last celebrated writer iti whose’ works such fancies.’ 
are found. 


A 


214 ... THE LIFE OF 


verses which he had not seen, they may be clearly - 
ascertained, by a similar solution®; that by “ well 


6 Spenser's friend, E. K., in his Commentary on The Shep- 
heard’s Calendar (General Argument), tells us, that “ to the 
speciall meaning and intent of a few of his Eclogues he was not 
privy.” In the introductory remarks on the Eclogue for Novem- 
ber, he observes, ‘“‘In this eleventh Eclogue hee laments the_ 
death of some maiden of great blood, whom hee calleth Dido. The 
personage is secret and to me unknowne, albeit of him se. Ife I 


‘often required the same:” and in his Glossary on the thirty-~ 


eighth line, he says, ‘‘ The great shepheard is some man of high 
degree ; but the person both of the shepheard and of Dido is un-— 
known, and closely buried in the authour's conceipt,” This _ 
conceit I shall now endeavour to unfold. 

The ‘ maiden of great blood,” concealed under the name tee 


Ranma ao 7 Dido, and lamented in the eleventh Eclogue, was, I believe, an 


eS ed illegitimate daughter of Robert Earl of Leicester, by Douglas 


homme rh , 
Zz 


Howard Lady Sheffield, the widow of John, the second Lord | 
Sheffield. The ‘ great shepherd,” Lobdin, is, in the Eclogue, 
said to be her father, and Lobbin was assuredly Lord Leicester. 
(See'p. 200, n. 5.) The young lady having, I apprehend, been - 
christened Elizabeth (probably after the Queen, for, atthe time 
of her birth, Leicester and Lady Sheffield were supposed to be 
married), is shadowed under the name of Virgil’s Dido, or Elisa. — 
Her father, it should be remembered, resided much at Penshurst, 
in Kent, and hence that county is made the scene. al this nae 
toral : 

‘* Shepheards, that by your flocks on Kentish downes abyde, 

** Wail ye this wofull waste of nature’s warke, 1 

«The fairest flowre,” &c, 

_(See also Three Proper and Familiar Letters, &c., ut supra, 
p. 35: “I imagine me (says Gabriel Harvey to Spenser) to. 
come into a goodly Kentishe garden of your old Lords, or some — 
other nobleman,” &c.) 

Mr. Warton was of-opinion that this Eclogue was written at 
Penshurst; a notion which adds strength to my conjecture. The - 
poet had there, perhaps, seen the beautiful young maiden, whom 
he laments, carried to the grave. 


’ 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 215 


ordering ” the letters in the word Rosalinde, the true’ 
name of Spenser’s mistress may be discovered, as the 


With this solution of the concealment so studiously preserved 
in this Eclogue, several of the verses very exactly correspond. 
The residence of the person lamented is ascertained to have been 
in Kent, by the circumstance ofthe Kentish shepherds being 
called upon to lament the maiden, ‘‘ whose presence was their 
pryde,—whose absence is their carke;” and the relation and 
grief of a father, for the loss of a beloved daughter, is thus 
clearly pointed out, though overlooked by the glossarist, E. K. 
who erroneously supposed Lobbin to be the lover, instead of the Z, A..~ Z LIA 


parent, of the maiden deplored: Cos Cr chorea 
«« ___. Dido is dead alas, and drent, Pa ~— 
“Dido, the great shepheard his daughter sheene, OED 
* * * * * Venn fue 
: be 


“ O thou greate shepheard Lobbin, how great is thy grief! -7—" y 
“« Where bene the nosegayes that she dight for thee Zo an 
«The colourd chaplets wrought with a chiefe 


«The knotted rush rings and gilt rosemarie? Ae ee: Pe: 
« For she deemed nothing too deere for thee, ... ae ; 

% * % % en vf pater = 
« But maugre death, and dreaded sisters deadly spight, /- — 2 “gh yobs! 
*¢ And gates of hel and fyrie furies ferse, Me 
** She hath the bonds broke of eternal night, one ote, 
Her soule unbodied of the burdenous corpse : forrannt y; oe 
Why then weepes Lobbin so, without remorse ? fawet = 


**O Lobb, thy losse no longer lament, : lhe Wi AM ae 
“ Dido is'dead, but into heaven hent.” fh. Tr Loves 
Douglas Howard, the mother of Dido or Elisa, was one of nee Peas. 
daughters of William Lord Howard, of Effingham, and sister to——— 
Charles Howard, the second Lord Effingham, and finally Earl of fin Che box Ca 
Nottingham and Lord High Admiral ot England ; and the great eis. “oe 
insult and injustice shown by Leicester to this lady, in repudiat- 4 2<—<~< = 
ing her, for the purpose of marrying Letitia, the widow of Walter,~ ME 
and mother of Robert Earl of Essex,’ was, perhaps, one of the— — 
causes of Nottingham’s deadly hatred to the last-mentioned 
nobleman..”°’John Lord ‘Sheffield, her first husband, died in 
January, 1569-70; and soon afterwards, an illicit commerce ap-' 


216 THE LIFE OF 


same contemporary friend has informed us’; ‘that, 
in his seventh Eclogue he has introduced Archbishop 


pears to have taken place between his widow and Lord Leicester 
(Dugdale’s Baronage, ii. 222), which was then considered a mar- 
riage ; but which, though the ceremony is said to have been 
celebrated in the presence of Mr. (afterwards Sir Edward) Dyer, 
and another gentleman, she was never able to establish; and 
afterwards marrying Sir Edward Stafford, in the life-time of Lord 
Leicester, she appears to have acknowledged its invalidity. The 
fruits of that commerce were, I believe, this daughter, who was, 
perhaps, born in 1571, and a son, born in 1573, and christened 
Robert, who afterwards was well known as Sir Robert Dudley, 
and finally assumed the title of the Duke of Northumberland. 
His age is ascertained by his admission as a member of Christ- 
church, in the University of Oxford, in 1587, having been matri- 
culated May 7th, in that year, and being then fourteen. . [Acad. 
Oxon. Registr.] The daughter, it may be presumed, died early 
in 1578, about seven years old; and dying so young, under such 
equivocal circumstances, may not have been thought worthy of 
the notice of Dugdale, Collins, or any other of our genealogical 
historians. In September, 1578, Lord Leicester, while Lady 
Sheffield was living, married Letice, the widow of WalterEarl of 
Essex, who had died in Ireland, not without suspicion of-poison, 
in 1576. Spenser, from about 1579 to 1580, being in Lord 
Leicester's service, probably wrote this Eclogue, to sooth his . 
patron’s ‘grief for the loss of an amiable child, perhaps early in 
1578, and doubtless previously to. his marriage with Lady Essex, 
It was published in 1579. After it had been written, when 
Leicester's desertion of Lady Sheffield had brought some disgrace 
on him, and he and Spenser were not on the most cordial terms, 
it is not surprising that our poet, though often entreated, should 
not divulge, even to his friend and commentator, who the persons 
meant in this pastoral were, being perhaps son somewhat ashamed of 
“it. Nor had the commentator the same means to discover who 
Lobbin was, that we have ; for the lines which I) have quoted 
from Colin Clout (see p.200, n. 5), did not appear till sixteen years, 
after his Commentary was written. He was, however, guilty of. 


a great oversight in supposing “the great shepheard; Pe 


7 


aH ov cia Pye 4 Aeewes = Jo | MP Lint P | 
8) are eee a IFAD aa Ge nee ae as 

wee ee Oe nr AY, Power cnet Zs few © 

PZ nef ae SES crx i ee ray <n 

lee fE fh- A thu 3. Ts Ry ee A 2 Cn ewe eC ee ee ‘| ae 


Rant Lae Baan a 
et face Se ~e pew 2 Sun ee Oe ee As ou 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 217 


Grindal wider the denomination of Algrind; and, 
by metathesis, Bishop Aylmer, Elmer, or Elmor (for 


the lover, instead of the father, of the maiden lamented ; a notion 

which the context shows to be perfectly unfounded. 

. Some months after the preceding note was written, I met 

with a strong confirmation of my hypothesis in the celebrated. 

libel entitled Leicester's Commonwealth, originally published in 

1584: “‘ But after this, his lust compelling him to another place, 

he [Leicester] would needs make a post contract with Lady 

Sheffield, and so hee did, begetting two children upon her; the 

one a boy called Robin Sheffield, now living, some time brought 

up at Newington, and the other a daughter, born, as is knowen, f 
_at Dudley Castle.” The words ‘ now living,” applied, in con-// ~“ ~~~ ~ 

tradistinction, to Robin Sheffield. (as the writer [the well-known L£ ae ae 

Robert Parsons] chooses to.call him), informs us, that his sister re INE arate 

[our Dido] was then dead. At the birth of this child, if we may -<—- 25. 

believe the author of that piece, some deception had been prac- x 

tised by. Leicester, or Lady Sheffield, in procuring her sister, 

Lady Dudley, the wife of Edward Lord Dudley, to pretend to be 

with child, and to be delivered at Dudley Castle ; which shows, 

that this was Lady Sheffield’s first child by Leicester; for had her 

son, Robert, been previously born and acknowledged, any such 

artifice, at a subsequent period, would have been needless. 

__ As a shepherd of the name of Thenot is introduced more than 

once in the Pastorals of Spenser, what I am now about to observe, 

is certainly not entitled to much weight, nor indeed does my 

hypothesis, in my apprehension, stand in need of any additional 

support: yet I cannot forbear to remark, that the poet, when 

in his eleventh Eclogue he had occasion to introduce two speakers, 

himself and another, might have thought that Thenot was an 

interlocutor peculiarly suited to bear a part in an elegiack dia- 

logue on the death of Dido, or Elizabeth Dudley ; mothe, the 

anagram of his name in the French language, with which Spenser : 

appears to have been very, conversant, signifying an illegitimate A-..<- <> 


child,” By the laws,of,anagram, where the same letter occurs 57 
twice in a name, one of.them may be disregarded. ee iy aa eco 

7 See the Glosse on the first Eclogue, by E..K, probably Edward 7-7" 797 
3 Bsr ree 
OS ke ies Ae” fom a Ae ew inn!) FE 8-0. 64 0 De 
oa = i. Shams oe 


ye aM A. Ka Cetagus 1 Lo pf P c 
er hee 4 Of< OT 9- Bee ED 52 tn 
o vA we nite, Sa ee Bae EF Kanne s-- Corban oo’ rr: | 
LES +E ae ee) PSO Oe ake a ee my me. 
Z . RET 
eS nw So oma «oe A ae oe (tage Ban. Sheen eich 


i ee YA Ee AN Soak ore 


218 THE LIFE OF 


so variously was his name written), under that of 
Morel; and that, in other parts of his works, con- 


Kirke, who was of Caius and Gonville College, in Cambridge; and 
having taken the degree of Bachelor of Arts in 1574, and of Master 
of Arts in 1578, was (as I learn from the Grace-book of that 
University), it may be presumed, one year younger than Spenser. 
“« Rosalinde is also a feigned name, which, being well ordered, 
will bewray the verie name of his love and mistresse, whom by 
that name he coloureth.” The writer of Spenser's Life, published 
in 1758, with some probability, conjectures that the lady’s name 
was Rose Linde ; a family of that name, as appears from Fuller’s 
Worthies, having been settled in Kent (where Rosalinde 
resided), in the time of King Henry the Sixth. Rosalinde’s real 
name, however, may have been Elisa Horden, the aspiration 
being omitted, and Ordn serving in the place of Orden; a licence. 
which the framer of such an enigmatical conceit would not scruple 
totake. ‘‘ The precise in this practise,” says Camden, ‘strictly 
observing all the parts of the definition [of an anagram], are only 
bold with (4) either omitting it, or retaining it, for that it 
cannot challenge the right of a letter. But the licentious, some- 
what licentiously, lest they should prejudice poetical libertie, will — 
pardon themselves for doubling or rejecting a letter, if the sense 
fall aptly; and think it no injurie to use e for @, » for w, s for 
z, and c for k, and contrariwise.” © Remaines, 4to. 1605, 
p- 168. Thomas Horden, as well as Mr. Linde, was a gentle- 
man of Kent, in the time of Henry the Sixth. »The Glossarist's 
observation seems to denote a transposition of letters, which 
Rosa, or Rose Linde, does not require. “ There is,” says 
Drummond of Hawthornden, “ in the composition of an anagram, 
transposition ; because, “if any sense be in the name of letters 
not transposed, it is not so much an anagram as whee as 
Anna Grame,—anagram : 
ms What needs an anagrame, 
‘* Since that her very name is Anna Grame.” 

If it should be said that to the construction’ of this anagram it 
is necessary that the lady’s Christian name should be written 
with an s, instead of a z; Elisa, and not Eliza; the answer, 
without claiming the license granted by Camden, is, that such 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 219 


ceits of the same kind may be found*; when all 
these fancies of this great poet, and others, his con- 


was Spenser's classical orthography. So, near the conclusion of 
The Tears of the Muses : 
‘* Most peereless prince, most peereless poetresse,.... 
* Divine Elisa—.” 
Again, in his Prothalamion:: 
“ Divine Elisaes glorious name may ring.” 

Her Majesty's usage, however, was different; for she wrote» 
her name Elizabeth, . Spenser's orthography was founded: on 
classical authority. 

8 As we have Lobbin, for Robbin, or Rodin ; Willy, for Lilly 
Rosalinde, for some unknown person (whether Rose Linde or 
Elisa Horden) ; Morel, for Elmor, or Elmer; and Algrind, for 
Grindal ; so, in Colin Clout's Come Home Again, Amaryilis re- 
presents Alice, Countess of Derby, the first and last four letters 
of Amaryllis answering, in sound, to her Christian name, the 
intermediate letters being rejected ; and this circumstance, it may 
be presumed, induced Spenser to distinguish her by that name; 
for, as she is represented as the wife of Amyntas, he would pro- 
bably, but for this conceit, have called her Phillis, instead of 
applying that name to her sister, Elizabeth Lady Carey ; the 


, loves of Amyntas and Phillis having been recently celebrated by 
| Watson, in an admired ‘poem. In like manner, the fictitious 


‘ name, Theana, which in Colin Clout represents Anne, 


Countess of Warwick, may have a reference to her Christian 
name. So, in the fourth Eclogue we have Bellibone, by meta- 
thesis, for Bonnibel : and,in The Faery Queen, Belphebe re~ 
presents Queen Elizabeth ; because Sir Walter Raleigh had 
called her Cynthia ; Phebe, as well as Cynthia, being one of the 
names of Diana.. So also, in the Prothalamion, 4to. 1596, 
written on the marriage of Lady Elizabeth and Lady Catharine 
Somerset, he: has indulged himself in the same kind of conceit 
which dictated the various fanciful denominations above enume- 
rated; and, in his description of these ladies, he has condescended 
thus to play on their surname: 

‘* For sure they did not seeme 

* To be begot of any earthly seede, 


220 THE LIFE OF 


temporaries, shall have been considered, they cannot, 
I conceive, but add such strength and support to the 


** But rather angels, or of angels kinde ; 

“ Yet were they bred of somers heat, they say, 

“ In sweetest season, when each flower and weede ; 
‘* The earth did fresh array.” 

Nor was this kind of paronomasy peculiar to Spenser. One 
of his patrons, and a very admired poet, Sir Edward Dyer, bya 
similar conceit, has mysteriously divulged his own name, near 
the conclusion of one of his poems, of which there are two ancient 
manuscript copies at Oxford ; one in the Bodleian Library, the 
other in the Ashmolean Museum : 


“ Yet is my woe not feignde 

“ Wherein I sterve and pyne; 

** Who feeleth most, shall finde his least, 
«« Comparing his with mine. 

“ My song, if any aske 

“ Who's grievous case is such, 

“ Dy er thou let his name be knowne,— 
“ His folly shewes to [too] much.” 


This poem is very corruptly printed among those ascribed 
erroneously to William Earl of Pembroke and Sir Benjamin 
Rudierd, in which volume the letter P, prefixed to several copies 
of verses, merely denotes that they were printed from a transcript 
in Lord Pembroke’s hand-writing, not that they were his. com- 
positions. At that time, it was much the fashion to transcribe 
in a fair paper- book, the most popular poetical productions of the 
day, while they yet continued in manuscript; and by frequent 
transcription they became very corrupt. To this common prac 
tice Drayton alludes, in the preface to his Polyolbion, 1612: **In 
publishing this essay of my poem, there is this great disadvantage 
against me, that it cometh out at this time, when verses are 
wholly deduc’t to chambers, and nothing esteemed in this luna~ 
tique age, but what is kept in cabinets, and mustonly ores by 
transcription.” 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE., 221 
various circumstances which have been mentioned, all 
tending to show that Lilly alone could have been the 


In like manner, in The Looking Glasse for London and Eng- 
land, written by Thomas Lodge and Robert Greene (mentioned 
below), the cruel and brutal son who treats his parents, Alcon 
and Samia, with neglect and. contempt, and refuses them any 
succour in their utmost need, is called Radagon, by metathesis, 
from a dragon. And in Lodge's Fig for Momus, a collection of 
Epistles, Satires, &c. 4to. 1595, we find the poet himself intro- 
duced under the name of Golde [Lodge], and two of his contem- 
poraries, Roydon and Deering, under the names of Dowroy and 
Ringde. So, in a Collection of Poems, written, at various 
times, between 1615 and 1635, a manuscript in my possession, 
in a Replie to Mr. Randoll’s [Thomas Randolph’s] Verses on the 
Losse of his Finger, we find that poet's name thus anagramma- 
tized : 

*« Muse, ere we part let wyttie Arnold know, 
‘* Haud pulchrum est monstrari digito.” 

How far the mystery of anagram was carried, may appear from 
one by Hugh Holland, on the initials of the two names of 
Edmund Bolton, which is much more enigmatical than any of 
Spenser’s : 

“« Mr. Hugh Holland to his learned friend Mr. E. B. the author, 
upon his Elements of Armorie s 
« ——— Here no need is of my sorry charmes 
*¢ To boast it, though my braines Apollo warmes ; 
** Where, likein Jove’s, Minerva keeps a coile ; 
** Yet I, a drone, shall but thy hony spoile, 
** That art the maister—BE of all the swarmes.” 
Commendatory Poem prefiaed to Elements of Arm. 
4to, 1610. - 

The writer's conceit here would, perhaps, never have been 
discovered, but for the following marginal note, on the words— 
‘* Maister BE,” the last two letters being carefully distinguished 
by capitals : 

** E. B, [i. e. Edmund Bolton] per anagrammatismum vel meta- 
thesin.” 


222 THE LIFE OF 


comick writer here alluded to, that I trust I shall not 
incur the charge of critical temerity, or presumption, 
in supposing that no doubt whatsoever can henealiee 
be introduced on this subject. 

I am perfectly aware. how open and exiieistl thiees 
inquiries are to the petty assaults of shallow buffoons 
and half-witted scoffers; whose gross ignorance of 
the manners and customs of our ancestors is such, 


that they cannot even comprehend why the bequests; 


of an ancient will are noticed, or how any ‘useful in- 


formation can be derived from circumstances ap- 


parently trifling and unimportant; and who, there- 


fore, will be always ready, with the aid.of that glim- 


mering of knowledge which they possess, and such 
barren jests as they can glean from worthless common- 
place books, to ridicule disquisitions like the present. 
But they may be assured that they lose their labour, 


which, of however little value, might yet be better 


employed ; and, at the same time, their feeble artillery 
is wholly misdirected; for, if any ridicule belongs 


to these subjects, it should attach itself to those great | 


authors, who, though their works will live for ever, 
indulged themselves, sometimes, in conceits? which 


9 As so much has been said in this section concerning ana- 
grams, and “ name-devices,” which are as old as the time of 
Lycophron, it is but justice to Spenser to advert to the opinions 
which very generally prevailed in his time on this subject, and 
particularly to quote the sentiments of the grave and Judtertee 
Camden on these playful conceits. 


After having explained the nature of anagram, he adds, 55 But ; 
some of the sower sort will say, it is nothing but troublous joy; — 
and because they cannot attaine to it, condemne it; lest by com- 


mending it they should discommend themselves. Others, moré 


6 


- WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 223 


cannot be developed: without such: investigations, 
Judicious readers will always justly appreciate and 
highly approve of disquisitions tending to. illustrate 
the history and writings of the most distinguished 
poets which England has produced, and the manners 
and usages of their times, even though such disquisi- 
tions should occasionally deviate from more important 
topicks to the explication of verbal artifices, latent 
paronomasies, or forgotten anagrams; nor will they 


milde, will grant it to be a daintie devise, and disport of wit, 
not without pleasure, if it be not wrested out of the name to 
the reproach of the person. And such will not deny, but that 
as good names may be ominous, so also good anagrammes, with 
a delight full comfort and pleasant motion in honest mindes in no 
point yielding to many vaine pleasures of the body. They will 
also afford it some commendation in respect of the difficultie 
(difficilia que pulchra), as also that it is a whetstone of patience 
to them that shall practise it [and also our antiquary might 
have added, to them that shall develope it]. For some have beene 
seene to bite their penne, scratch their head, bend their browes,; 
bite their lips, beate the boord, teare the paper, when they were 
faire for somewhat, and caught nothing herein. If profound 
antiquity, or the inventour may commend an invention, this 
will not give place to many.” After various observations and 
examples, the same writer, in conclusion, adds, “ But here it 
is time to stay; for some of the sowre sort begin to laugh 
at these, when as yet they have no better inlight in anagrammes, 
then wise Sieur Gaulard, who, when he heard a gentleman 
report that he was at supper, where they had not only good 
company and good cheare, but also savoury epigrammes, and 
fine anagrammes, he, returning home, rated and belowted his 
cooke, as an ignorant scullion, that never dressed or served up 
to him either epigrammes or anagrammes. And as for these 
sowre surlings, they are to be commended to Sieur Gaulard, 
and hee with them joyally to their cookes and kitchen stuffe.” 
Camden's Remaines, 4to. 1605. 


224 THE LIFE OF 


ever receive coarse ribaldry and saucy folly, for wit ; 
or vapid petulance and frothy inanity, for getinie 
reason, and argument. grd 


SECTION XIII. re 


Though the preceding observations have perfectly 
satisfied my own mind, and, I doubt not, will impress 
a similar conviction on my readers, it was not, I must 
acknowledge, without a considerable degree of regret, — 
that I found, by the success of my own researches, a 
strong obstacle placed against indulging in the pleas- 
ing notion, that the two great poets. of the age c 
Elizabeth lived in mutual harmony and friendship 
with each other, as far as Spenser’s short visits to 
England during his latter years would admit. The — 
modest and humble Shakspeare appears not to have 
thought his praise of any value ; and therefore, while 
all the poets of the time were complimenting each 
other’, we do not find a single encomium on a cons 


Ze": 


sa 
? Ben Jonson has praised Selden, Donne, Splnehadi Rectiiy it 

Chapman, Drayton, Broome; &c. Donne has praised Jonson. 

Sir John Davys has praised Spenser, Chapman, Daniel. Chapman 

has encomiastick verses on Jonson, Fletcher; Beaumont. Dayison 

£ . , has most extravagantly praised Daniel, placing him above Spenser. 
ye °2 “Beaumont has eulogized Ben Jonson. Brownand Withers have en~ 
f wh comiastick verses on Drayton. Abraham Fleming has commended 
Whetstone. We have an eulogy, by Nashe, on Greene, Peele, 
Roydon, and Acheley; by Peele, or Spenser, Wilson, Mar- 
lowe, Greene, and Whetstone; by Harrington, on Constable, 
Daniel, Bustard, Davys, and Turberville; by Drayton, on Drum= 
mond, Lord Sterling, and many others; by Lodge, om Lilly, 
Nashe, Sylvester, Daniel, and Drayton; by Davies, of Hereford, 


Bow se ag 


\ 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 225 
temporary writer? subscribed with the nameof our 
great dramatist: and indeed so few are the addresses 
or allusions to him, that one is led to suspect, that 
though he was very highly estimated, his age did not 
set a sufficient value on his transcendent abilities: 
But that Spenser, who has mentioned and praised 
many of the maker's of his time, after Shakspeare had 


acquired a considerable degree of celebrity, should 


have been wholly silent concerning such a phenome: 
non, may seem so improbable, as to weaken in some 
degree the force of the foregoing remarks; and indeed 
almost made me distrust my own hypothesis, till, by 
a very careful perusal of all his smaller pieces, I dis 
covered that he was not insensible to the merits of his 
illustrious contemporary; and, by a singular coinci- 
dence, the covert manner in which he is noticed, above 
four years after The Tears of the Muses was pub- 
lished, and the period at which he is ‘referred to, ina 
passage that has hitherto escaped the observation of 
all the commentators and editors of both these poets, 
affords a strong confirmation of what has been already 
suggested,—that Shakspeare was not the dramatick 
writer eulogized in that poem, and indirectly 
strengthens the explication of that eulogy given in 
the preceding pages. . ; 
on Roydon, Daniel, Shakspeare, Fletcher, &¢e.; and by Fitz 
Geoffrey, on Spenser, Sidney, /Daniel,/ and Drayton. Drayton 
has commendéd Middleton, Chapman, Sir John Beaumont, and 
others: 

2 A paper of verses, in which Spenser’s deep conceit is praised, 
has been attributed to Shakspeare, but erroneously; for it was 
written by Richard Barnefield. See Shakspeare’s Poems, 
vol, xx. , 


VOL. II. Q 


DP fo Lt fr 


226 THE LIFE OF 


‘Spenser, whose history, like that of many of our 
celebrated erica writers, is involved in a mist of 
confusion and error *, published at London, in 1595, or 
consented to the spiddicntinn of, a poem, called Colin 
Clout’s Come Home Again. The subject of this 
piece is his own return to his humble mansion at Kil- 
colman, in the south of Ireland, after having visited 
London in company with Sir Walter Ralegh, to 
whom the poem is addressed; who, in April, 1589, 
having been “ chased from the English court” by 
Lord. Essex *, had retired to his estate in the county 
of Corke, from whence he made an excursion to Spen- 
ser’s castle, which was situated in the same county. 
This production, however, may have taken its rise 
from some visit. of Ralegh: to: Ireland, at a later 
period ; and even if it alluded to that of 1589, it was 
written some years afterwards. To the Dedicatory 
Epistle the printer has erroneously affixed a false 
date: “ From my house of Kilcolman the 27.0f De- 
cember *, 1591;” for the poem itself was composed un- 


3 This was written several years before the late edition of 
Spenser's Works, by the Rev. Mr. Todd, had appeared. 

4 Birch’s Memoirs of Queen Elizabeth, i. 53. 

5 It is not easy to ascertain the precise time, in 1594, when 
this poem was written. That it was written after April, 1594, is 
certain, for the reason given in the next page of text.’ mi lines 
relative to the death of Lord Derby,— 

‘* But since I said he is, he quite is gone,” &e. 
would lead us to suppose it written recently after that event.: ~Yet 
the verses, in which his widow is said.to be freed from the yoke of 
Cupid, since which she:dreads to engage in a second. marriage, 
seems to imply that some months had elapsed since she lost her 
husband. Daniel’s Cleopatra, a tragedy, was published. in 


‘the December of that year®. This error of the date,* 7/ 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 227 
questionably after the sega of 1594, and perhaps in ,, 7 ,.. Lge 3 
which, so far as Shakspeare has any connexion with © ieee. 
this piece, is a material consideration, is ascertained 
by the verses that it contains, addressed to Alice, 
Countess of Derby, under the name of Amaryllis, to 
whom, by the title of Lady Strange, The Tears of 
the Muses had been dedicated. She had now’ be- 


‘come a widow by the death of her husband, Ferdi- 


nand, the fifth Earl of Derby, who enjoyed that title 
little more than six months, dying April 16, 1594 °. 


‘To this event the poet has particularly alluded. The 


error of the date of this poem is also ascertained by 


‘Spenser’ s Daphnaida, published, i in 1596, the Epistle, oy z.4—: 


ay hea a) 3 4 hast 

1594; but I doubt whether it had reached Spenser’s hands, when 
he composed his eulogy on that poet. If he had known that 
Daniel had already attempted ‘“‘tragick plaints and passionate 
mischance,” he scarcely would have contented himself with say- 
ing that this poet was likely to excel in some performance of that 
kind. Unluckily there is no entry of the poem in question in the 
Stationers’ register, which might throw some light on this 
inquiry. I am, therefore, only able to state the doubts on each 
side. 

6 The allusion to Daniel’s Sonnets, which did not appear till Vagitoe al 
1592, furnishes another proof of this errour, and the allusion to Raty hi wen) rs 
Ralegh’s disgrace a fourth. ne Rt 

7 As it has become a fashion for hypercriticks, when they quote 
the works of others, to re-write them, to guard against any such 
overweening and crotchet correction, I think it proper to say, 
that this word is here used deliberately, and that I think now 
more elegant than then in this place. 

8 The writer of the Life of Spenser, prefixed to Church's 
edition, places the death of this nobleman erroneously in 1595, 
and appears to have led Mr. Warton into the same errour. See 
his Milton, p. 111, second edition. 


Q 2 


228 THE LIFE OF 


Dedicatorie of which is dated “ London, the first of 


Wesf.. tsi: he ecwdast @ 
htflatng 


enn «> Janmarie, 1591;”/1. e. 1591-2; |for this poet could not 
whe 4-~, £= have affixed his name to a dedication at Kilcolman 
aN in Ireland, on Dec. 27, 1591, and_ five days after- 
- --<°. wards write another dedication in London. - 

eed ibe In this pleasing pastoral, Spenser, under the name 
= avo = “OF Colin, after having given an account of his visit to 
peers —— =< the court of Elizabeth, and drawn a striking contrast 
between the peaceful, well-ordered, and happy land of 
England, and the then wild and barbarous country to 
which his hard lot had led him, breaks out into a pa- 
negyrick on his Sovereign, by whom, as he here re- 
. lates, he had been highly favoured ; her Majesty, her- 
% self a great poetess (if there be truth in song), having 
allowed him to recite to her some of his verses.—* If 
she be so great a poetess (replies Alexis, one of his 
companions), what need has she of so simple a versifier 
as you? Perhaps, however (adds he), the poets of 
the time are either too lazy to write, or such worth- 
less rhymers, as not to be entitled to descant on so 
lofty a theme, and hence she condescended to hear ; 

Colin’s minstrilsey.” In reply to this observation, 

Spenser takes occasion to enumerate and commend 

many of the flourishing metricians of the time, some 

of whom are expressly mentioned, while the greater 

part are concealed under fictitious names and the 

dark veil of description. 

«* Ah, nay, said Colin, neither so, nor so, 

“ For better shepheards live not under skie, . 
* Nor better hable, when they list, to blow : | 

‘* Their pipes aloud, her name to glorifie— , 

«« There is good Harpalus, now waxen aged, 

** In faithful service of faire Cynthia ;— 


ae 


Fo. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 229 


« And there is Corydon, though meanly waged, 
“ Yet hablest wit of most I know this day.— 
‘* And there is sad Alcyon, bent to mourne, 
* Though fit to frame an everlasting dittie, 
“«* Whose gentle spright for Daphne’s death doth tourn 
‘* Sweet layes of love to endlesse plaints of pittie 9. 
“ Ah pensive boy, pursue that brave conceipt * 
in rad sweet eglantine * of Meriflure 3 ; 


9 We have here another instance of Spenser copying himself. 
In his eleventh Eclogue we find : 

‘* Sing now, ye shepheard’s daughters, sing no mo 
** The song that Colin made you in her praise, 
** But into weeping turn your wanton layes.” 

1 Of this uncommon formula we have an example in Holy Writ, 
1 Kings, xviii. 7: ‘* And as Obadiah was in the way, behold, 
Elijah met him: and he knew him, and fell on his faee, and said, 
Art thou that my lord Elijah?” 

2 In an arbour of eglantine or sweet-briar.. Arbours formed of 
this sweet-seented shrub were then common. See Lilly’s 
Euphues and his England, signat. H 4, (b.) 4to. 1580: 

‘ Fidus, calling these gentlemen up, brought them into his 
garden, wher under a sweet arbour of eglantine, the birds re- 
cording their sweet notes, he also strained his olde pipe,” &c. 

Again, in A briefe and pleasant Discourse of Duties in Ma~- 
riage, a oo Flower of Friendshippe, by Edmond Tylney, 
8vo. 1568: ‘‘—at whose returne we went into the garden,'a 
place satis delectable, wherein was a passing faire arbour, 
at the entrance whereof, on eche side, sprong up two pleasaunt 
trees, whose greene leaves much delighted our eyes, and were sup~ 
ported with statelye pillers, curiously painted with divers de~ 
vises. All the whole arbour above over our heades, and on eche 
side, was powdred with sundrie flowers, and wreathed above with 
the sweete bryer or eglantine, between the braunches whereof 
the chereful sunne layde in his beames here and there; so that 
the heate did not molest us, neyther did the sunne want, to cheere 
us. What shall I say? it might be called a terrestriall paradise.” 

Spenser’s own authority, however, will most decisively prove 

s 


- 


230. ' THE LIFE OF 


“ Lift up thy notes unto their wonted height, 
“ That may thy Muse and mates to mirth allure.— 


that by the words, “ In thy sweet eglantine,” such an arbour was 
intended to be described. See the Faery Queen, b. xi. c. 5, st. 29: 
«* And over him, art, stryving to compare 
* With nature, did an arbour greene dispred, 
«* Framed of wanton yvie, flouring fayre, 
** Through which the fragrant eg/antine did spred 
ee “* His prickling armes, entrayld with roses red, 
~A:“ *.. «& Which daintie odours round about them threw ; 
“ And all within with flowres was garnished, 
“« That, when mild Zephyrus amongst them blew, 
“* Did breathe out beauteous smels, and painted colors shew.” 

This description, we see, was not drawn from the stores of 
Spenser's imagination, as has been supposed : he pee: a 
an elegant arbour of his own time. 

3 Mr. Gorge had estates in Devonshire, Cornwall, and Mia: 
dlesex : but Meriflure, which does not occur as the designation 
of any land in the inquisition taken after his death, is not the 
name of any place in those counties, or in any other county. in 
Bees a, _England, and was unquestionably a fictitious denomination in- 

ea, “t “yented for the occasion. We have seen Spenser so often in- i 
ae «4-4 dulging himself in fanciful denominations, that this combination 
Sane 7 of will not seem more strange than many others which have been 
bare. ead ere noticed. Meriflure, 1 conceive, was formed from the French 
meng 1679 words rime (meri), and fleur ( flure), both anagrammatized ; and 
~~~“ thus considered, the poet’s exhortation to his friend, 

“ pursue that brave conceipt, 

** In thy sweet eglantine of Meriflure,” 
means nothing more than—‘ Complete that fine poetick work 
which you have begun, in thy arbour, embellished not only with 
eglantine or sweet-briar (the usual ornament of bowers, see p. 229, 
n. 2), but also with the choicest flowers of verse, or, in other 
words, consecrated to poesy :’ for Spenser, following his master, 
Ariosto, generally, if not always, uses 7ime as synonymous to | 
verse. So, in his Eclogue for October : 
** Thou know’st not, Percie, how the rime should rage ;” | 

and in that for November: 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 231 


« There eke is Palin, worthie of great praise, 
«« Albe he envie at my rustick quill ;— 


“ Up, griezlie ghostes, and up, my rufull rime /” 
Again, in The Tears of the Muses: 
‘* Then fittest are those ragged rimes for me.” 
In French, rime had the same meaning: and in that language 
he found fleur d’age, signifying, as in the equivalent expression 


in our own, the flower or prime of a man’s age ; fleur de farine, — 


the finest meal; and fleur d'huyle, the first and richest drop- 
pings of the olive or grape before they are pressed. So, in Eng- 
lish, in his own time (1568), a popular book was published by 
{ Edmond Tilney, afterwards Master of the Revels, under the 
title of the Flower of Friendship; and about the same time ap- 
peared The Flower of the Ten Commandements. | While 
Spenser was a student at Cambridge, Gascoigne published a col- 
lection of his poems, under the title of ‘* A hundreth sundry 
Flowers,” &c.. He might also in the formation of this word have 
had in view the well-known collection of Greek Epigrams, en- 
titled AN@OAOTTA, and the Latin Flores Poetarum; in 
imitation of which works, a collection of miscellaneous poetry by 
different authors appeared a few years after Colin Clout, under 
the title of ‘‘ Belvidere, or the Garden of the Muses,” in the 
preface to which the’ editor says, “ that every man may be fully 
satisfied, I have set down both how, whence and where these 
flowers had their first springing, till they were drawn together 
into. the Muses’ garden.” The flowers here spoken of were the 
flowers of verse, and therefore, by an easy fiction, these poetick 
effusions. may have been supposed to have been poured forth in 
arbours. of a similar construction to that which is here called 
Meriflure. , 
In another poem he makes mention of the bowers devoted to the 
Muses, such as that which he has here appropriated to his friend : 
«¢ —. arbours sweet, in which the shepheard swaines 
** Were wont so oft their pastorals to sing.” 

Lydgate has “‘ the flower of knighthood,” and ‘ the flower of 
worthinesse ;” and Spenser himself, “‘ the flower of chivalrie,” and 


j a 32 2 


232 THE LIFE OF 


« And there is,pleasing Alcon, could he raise” 
** His tunes from layes 4 to matter of more skill,’ 


“the flowers of courtesie ;” and in this very poem he calls Fer- 
dinando Earl of Derby, under the name of Amyntas, “the flower 
of shepheards.” In his Teares of the Muses, we find a similar 
JSormula still more resembling the latent meaning couched under 
the invented word before us: 

** But I, that in true tragedies am skil'd, 

“ The flowre of wit, finde nought to busie me !”” 

The combination of ideas, therefore, which gave rise to the 
word Meriflure, we see, was perfectly congenial to his general 
train of thought and phraseology elsewhere. 

With respect to the former part of this fictitious Riibabaeies 
meri, or rime anagrammatized, it may be observed, that Fontenelle, 
in like rhanner, with the variation of only one letter, about a cen- 
tury afterwards published a satirical history of Rome and Geneve, 
under the anagram of Mero and Enegu. 

The anagram of Rome, a word little different from that under 
our consideration, was, I believe, not unknown to Spenser: 

Cur varios tum diu remoratur Roma clientes ? 
Forté, quod inverso nomine Roma mora est. 

I may add that the known adumbration of Bishop Elmor (or 
Aylmer) under the name of Morel, gives countenance to the 
metathesis now suggested, which in the word rime is effected 
the same process, namely, by making the first and second syllables ; 
ofeach word change places ; and a similar compounded name in _ 
an ancient romance, Blanchefleur, was doubtless familiar to Spen- 
ser’s ear. 

Nor was the foreign termination of the fictitious name which he 
has chosen to introduce here (perhaps chiefly for the sake of the 
corresponding rhyme), wholly unknown to his countrymen; for, 
for many centuries previous to the dissolution of religious houses 
in the time of Henry the Eighth, subsisted, in Cardiganshire, the 
Abbey of Stratflure, or Strutflure (strata florida); an abbey of 
Cestercian monks. See Dugdale’s Monasticon, iii. 893. 

4 ** Layes” are songs. It is observable that the same kind of 
praise is given a few years afterwards ‘to Shakspeare, who un 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 233° 


«* And there is old Palemon, ‘free from spight, 
_ Whose carefull pipe may make the hearer rew; 
**'Yet he him selfe may rewed be, more right, 
* That sung so long, untill quite hoarse he grew.— 
‘* And there is Alabaster throughly taught 
‘Tn all this skill, though knowen yet to few; 
** Yet were he known to Cynthia as he ought, 
‘* His Eliseis would be redde anew. 
«¢ Who lives that can match that heroick song 
“* Which he hath of that mightie princesse made ? 
** O dreaded dread 5, do not thy selfe that wrong 
‘To let thy fame lie so in hidden shade ; 
** But call it forth, O call him forth to thee, 
** To end thy glorie, which he hath begun: 
“«¢ That when he finisht hath, as it should be, 
** No braver poeme can be under sun: 


accountably is represented by his eulogist as a mere penner of 
love-verses, when he had produced at least fifteen of his incom- 
parable plays : 

** Who loves Adonis’ love, or Lucrece’ rape, 

‘* His sweeter verse contains heart-throbbing strife, 

** Could but a graver subject him content, 

Without love's foolish lazy languishment.” 

Return from Parnassus, 4to. 1606 ; but written 
about the end of the year 1602. 

5 Surely there is here some errour of the press, I cannot but 
think the poet wrote ‘‘ O dearest dread.” So, in the conclusion 
of his address to the same personage, prefixed to the Faery Queen; 

** The which to heare vouchsafe, O dearest dread, awhile.” 

Thesame form of expression is found also in book ii, c. 2, st. 30; 

and book iv. c, 8, st.17. So also, in his Hymn of Beautie: 
** And you faire Venus’ dearling, my dear dread.” 

Sir Henry Sidney begins one of his letters to Queen Elizabeth 
thus—“* Most feared and beloved,” which is precisely Spenser's 
** dearest dread.” So also, Sir Richard Gresham’s Petition to 
King Henry VIII. (1535), Bib, Cotton. Cleop. E IV. fol. 122, 
“« My most dradd, beloved and natural] sov’aigne.” “ O dreaded 
dread,” has no meaning. 


e 
a> (608 ka ho 
eM AE FED 


» 234 


C ies 
G aapincit, : 
ten Atos tate Jee 


Bon eee Soy 
Ch & 
GH feng’ 


THE LIFE OF 


“* Nor Po nor Tybur’s swans, so much renown’d, « 


« Nor all the brood of Greece so highly prais'd, 


‘* Can match that Muse, when it with bayes is crown’d ° 


« And to the pitch of her perfection rais’d.— 


« And there is a new shepheard late up sprong, 


“That which doth all afore him far surpasse; 
Appearing well in that well-tuned song, 

«* Which late he sung unto a scornfull lasse: 
Yet doth his trembling muse but lowly flie, 

«* As daring not too rashly mount on hight, 


*« And doth her tender plumes as yet but trie, 


* In love’s soft laies and looser thoughts’ delight. 


“Then rouze thy feathers quickly, Daniell, 


“* And to what course thou please, thy selfe advance ; 


‘* But most me seemes, thy accent will excell 


& 


“ In tragick plaints and passionate mischance.— _ 
And there that shepheard of the Ocean is, 

“« That spends his wit in love’s consuming smatt : 
Full sweetly temperd is that muse of his, 


«« That can empierce a princes mightie hart, 


*‘ There also is, ah no, he is not now, 


«* But since I said—he is, he quite is gone, 


*«* Amyntas quite is gone and lies full low, 


** Having his Amaryllis left to mone: 


“* Helpe, O ye shepheards, helpe ye all in this, 


‘* Helpe Amaryllis this her losse to mourne : 


“* Her losse is yours, your losse Amyntas is ; 


«¢ Amyntas, floure of shepheards pride forlorne. 
He, whilst he lived, was the noblest swaine 

«¢ That ever piped in an oaten quill ; 

Both did he other which could pipe, maintaine, * 


“< And eke could pipe him selfe with passing skill— 


«* And there, though last, not least, is Aetion, 


«<A gentler shepheard may no where be found ; 


** Whose Muse full of high thoughts’ invention, 


‘* Doth like him selfe heroically sound.— 


‘* All these, and many others mo remaine 


“«* Now after Astrofell is dead and gone ; 


** But while as Astrofell did live and raine, 


** Amongst all these was none his paragone, 


- WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 235 


** All these do florish in their sundry kynd, 
“ And doth their Cynthia immortall make ; 
* Yet found I lyking in her royal mynd, 
‘* Not for my skyll, but for that shepheards sake.” 


Though probably at the time when these verses 
were published, all the poets here alluded to under 
fictitious names, were well known to the more en- 
lightened class of readers, they can now be discovered 
only by conjecture. Indeed, at the first view, the 
inquiry concerning them seemed to me quite hope- 
less; for many years ago, when I consulted the late 
Mr. Warton on this point, expecting that his various 
and profound researches into the history of the poetry 
and poets of that age might furnish some aid towards 
overcoming this difficulty, he told me that nothing 
had occurred in the course of his reading, which could 
throw any light upon the subject. Since that period, 
however, a minute and very careful investigation of 
all the circumstances and facts, supplied by the lines 
themselves, has enabled me to dispel a great part of 
the artful obscurity in which these persons were in- 
volved, and to point them out with, at least, a consi- 
derable degree of probability. 

The first poet alluded to, under the description of 
the “aged Harpalus,” was doubtless Thomas Church- £ z..< Ae 
yard °, at that time above seventy yearsold. He had *7-~:: oad 


6 «*Thomas Churchyard (says Oldys in his manuscript notes ow FiK yes 
Winstanley’s Lives of the Poets) was born about the year 1520; 777) = 
at the age of seventeen (1537) came to King Henry’s court; had4....-<, fo-re 
served in the wars abroad, and was subject at home, under eight z. 4 oe 
crowned heads: had also been in the service of two or three of 
the noblest families in England: had dedicated books to about 


3 


ee, . = 


236 THE LIFE OF 


been a writer of poetry, in the reign of Henry the 
Eighth; and for some years lived in the service of 


twenty great personages of fortune and distinction: yet with his 
fighting and writing, loss of much blood and time in camps and 
courts, in a fearful and fruitless attendance and dependance upon 
the ungrateful great, for above sixty-seven years, he never couldget 
more than a very scanty pension from Queen Elizabeth, so scanty 
that upon the death of Dr. John Underhill, Bishop of Oxford, one 
of his best friends [1589], he had no better prospect of sustaining 
himself to the end of his natural course, than [by] exposing again, 
in 1592, his aged and scarified limbs to the hardships of war in 
foreign service ; yet did struggle on to salute King James with a 
Congratulation upon his entrance, printed 4to. 1604. He was a 
most grateful man in receiving kindnesses, and in ete. 
merits of the dead.” 

Oldys, in the foregoing statement, seems to’ haye thought that 
Churchyard had obtained a pension before 1589; but he was 
mistaken. See note 8. 

A copious account of Churchyard’s Works ‘may be found in 
Herbert's edition of Ames’s Typ. Antiq. vol. iii. p. 1806. His 
poem, entitled The Mirrour and Manners of Men, which was 
published in 1594, was written fifty years before; hence it ap- 
pears that he was an author so early as 1544, the 36th year of 
Henry VIII. His last publication appeared in 1604, and was ad- 
dressed to King James, under the title of A blessed Balme to 
Search and Salve Sedition; to which’was added ‘* A Pean Tri- 
umphal upon the King’s Publick Entry,” &c. He died in the 
same year, and was buried in the church of St. Margaret, West- 
minster. See Weaver’s Fun. Mon. p. 497. 

It appears. that Nashe, in some pamphlet, now unknown, had 
reflected upon Churchyard; for in his Apologie of Pierce Pen- 
nilesse, 4to. 1593, (signat. H 4. b), he complains that Gabriel 
Harvey had reproached him with crying this poet mercy.. ** This,” 
he says, “* could not be done but with an intent to stir him up to 
write against Churchyard afresh, which nothing under heaven 
should draw him to do.” ‘I love you” (adds Nashe, addressing , 
Churchyard,) ‘ unfainedly, and admire your aged Muse, that 


ied 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 237 


Henry Earl of Surrey; and he has himself told us; 
that among the Miscellaneous Verses, by various au-_ 
thors, appended in 1557, and in subsequent editions, 
to the poems of that accomplished and unfortunate 
nobleman, many of his productions are to be found. 
Je Here we meet with one, entitled “ Harpalus’ Com- 
plaint of Philladaes love bestowed on Corin’,” which 
was deservedly admired; and being, I suppose, well 
known in Spenser’s time to be written by Church- 
yard, he denominates him from the hero of the piece. 2. Z.¢ fr6e, 
He had now been long in the service of Queen 
Elizabeth, here denominated “ fair Cynthia,” and 
recently (January 27, 1592-3), had obtained from 
her Majesty a pension of eighteen pence a-day *, or 


may well be grandmother to our grand eloquentest poet, at this 
present, — 
Sanctum et venerabile vetus omne poema. 

** Shore’s wife [inserted in The Mirrour for Magistrates] is 
yong, though you be stept in yeares: in her shall you live when 
you are dead.” Churchyard, in return, speaks highly of Nashe, 
in his New Years Gift to Queen Elizabeth, 1593. F 

7 Mr, Warton has reprinted this poem entire in the third vo- , , — , 
lume of his Hist. of Eng. Poet. p. 57, with the following high” ~ ae 
eulogy: ‘ From the same collection, [Churchyard’s Challenge, ] 
the following is perhaps the first example in our language of the | 
pure and unmixed pastoral ; and in the erotick species, for ease | 
of numbers, elegance of rural allusion, and simplicity of imagery, 
excels every thing of this kind in Spencer, who is erroneously 
ranked as our earliest English Bucolick.” 

8 « Pat. 35 Eliz. p.4. Jan. 27. Elizabeth by the Grace of 
God &c. To’All Men to whom &c. Greeting.—Knowe Ye that 
Wee for certen good Causes and Consideracons us hereunto 
specially moving, Of our Grace especiall, certen Knowledge, and 
meere Mocon, Have Gyven and Graunted and by these Psentes 
for us our Heyres and Successors Doe Gyve and Graunte to our 


LS — 
1a, 


238 THE LIFE OF 


271. 7s. 6d. per annum; which, small as it was, was 
not punctually paid’. In the patent granting this 


Welbeloved Svante Thomas Churchard Gent A certen Aiiuytye 
or Pencon of Eighteene Pence of good and lawfull Money of 
England by the Day; To.have hold receave and enjoy the 
said Pencdn of Eighteene Pence of lawfull Money of England by 
the Day unto the sayde Thomas Churchard and his Assignes 
during his naturall Lyfe, from the Feaste of Saynte Michaell last 
past before the Date hereof, of the Treasure of us our Heyres and 
Successors at the Receyte of the Exchequer at Westm' of us 
our Heyres and Successors by the Hands of the Treasorer and 
Chamberlaynes of us our Heyres and Successors. there for the 
Tyme being, at four usuall Feastes or Tearmes of the Yeere by 
even Porcons yerely to be payde Although expsse mencon &e. In 
Witnes whereof &c. Wytnes our selfe at Westm"’. the xxvij® 
Day of January [1592-3]. P Breve de Privato Sigillo, &e. 

1 His pension, we have seen, was to commence from Mi- 
chaelmas, 1592; yet near the close of the following year, he had 
received nothing, as appears from a letter in the Lambeth Library, 
written by Mr. A. Standon to Antony Bacon, and dated «* Wynd- 
sore, the xvij of November, 1593,” from which I transcribed 
the following postscript : 

“Tsende you, S'. here, fower of Churchyard’s chyldren whiche 
he hatche in collo' [choler], after he could not obtaine of one a 
thinge her Ma‘*. had granted him; which verses came to her 
handes, 

** Madame, 
** You bid your Tresorer on a tyme 
“To gyve me reason for my ryme; 
“* But synce that tyme and that season 
‘* He gave me nether ryme nor reason.” 
' MS. Lamb. 649, p. 267. 

These lines furnish one of many proofs of what I have had fre- 
quent occasion to observe, that all the traditional stories con- | 
cerning our English poets are to be examined with the greatest 
caution, being frequently either wholly unfounded, or blended 
with gross fiction; for on the fact above-mentioned, a circum- 
stantial tale respecting Spenser and Lord Burghley has been | 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE., 239 


little annuity, which I discovered in the rolls, and 

have examined on the present occasion, he is expressly 

named the Queen’s servant. «{+. A744 sg Arar: kf iO 
By Corydon was certainly meant Abraham Fraunce, / afte 

a poet of considerable learning, who, from. various aaa 

circumstances, we may be assured, was a friend of pia 

Spenser’s. In 1588, he had published, in quarto, “'The “ts 

Lamentation : of Corydon for the Love of Alexis,” 

being a translation of Virgil’s second Eclogue, in 

English hexameters ; which appears to have given 

occasion to: the poetical designation here employed. 

This piece he afterwards annexed to his Lawyer’s 

Logike, which appeared in the same year; and it 

was again reprinted and attached to his poem, entitled 

* The Countess of Pembroke’s Ivy Church?” in 


constructed; which first appeared in the folio edition of that 
poet's works in 1579, and has been repeated a hundred times 
since, though totally void of truth. ~ It is, however, just as well 
founded as another tale, which has been as often told :—that his 
first introduction to Sir Philip Sidney was, by presenting him with 
a canto of his Faery Queen, with which Sidney was so delighted, 
that he ordered his steward to give the unknown author fifty 
pounds: and having increased his bounty as he read on, urged 
him to make haste, otherwise he should be in danger of giving 
away his whole estate.. Were not this tale disproved by other 
circumstances, the verses subscribed with the initials W. L. at 
the end of the Faery Queen alone would shew that it also is a 
mere fiction ; for it appears from them that it was on the sug- 
gestion of Sidney, Spenser undertook that poem ; and he had him- 
self dedicated his Shepheard’s Calendar to Sidney, and by. that 
means became acquainted with him in or before 1578. 

2 This title, I believe, has not been understood. Ivy Church 
appears to have been one of the seats in Wales belonging to 
Henry Earl of Pembroke, husband to this Countess. See the 
next note, 


SNe 


240 _THE LIFE OF 


1591. Abraham Fraunce appears to have been born’ 
about the year 1564,in or near Shrewsbury, in which 
town and neighbourhood, several persons, of the 
same name, in lower life, yet remain. His father’s 
Christian name I have not been able to discover; but 
he appears to have been a burgess of Shrewsbury, 
and probably, like our poet’s father, was a glover. 
Abraham Fraunce, the person of whom we are now 

, was bred at the free-school of Shrewsbury, 
of which the celebrated Mr. Ashton was master; and 
his name stands the twenty-fifth in the list of admis- 
sions, for January, 1571, in the register kept by that 
gentleman. He appears then as a burgess. At this 
school, Sir Philip Sidney was bred, and laid the 
foundation of his friendship with Foulke Greville 
(afterwards Lord Brooke), they both being admitted 
into it on the same day; several years, however, 
before the admission of Fraunce. 

His friendship and connexion with Spenser, it may 
be presumed, began at an early period; for Fraunce, 
like him, was honoured by the patronage of Sir 
Philip Sidney, by whom he was sent to St. John’s 
College, in Cambridge, in 1579; where, for a long 
' period, he was supported by his bounty. Here he 
resided eight years; and, after his patron’s death, he, 
in 1587, removed to Gray’s Inn, to study the law. 
In 1590, by the favour of Henry Earl of Pembroke, 
who had married Sidney’s sister, he was, we have 
reason to believe, made the Queen’s solicitor at the 
Council or Court of the Marches in Wales*; a situa- 


3 These few particulars concerning» Abraham Fraunce I have 
principally collected from his own works, and from a letter in the 


_ 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. - 241 


tion in which he was certainly but “ meanly waged ;” 
the mies of his office amounting only to ten pounds 
5 While he was an under-graduate at Cam- 


Museum, written by Henry Earl of Pembroke, Lord President of 
the Council in the Marches of Wales, to the Lord Treasurer 
Burghley, dated at Ivy Church, the xxvth of August, 1590, After 
having named certain persons as proper to fill vacant offices in the 
Court of the Council in the Marches of Wales, he proceeds thus : 
—*“ Yet least the indifferency I use may argue me to conceave an 
equality in them whose names I deliver, I have to this my servaunt 
> ([Massenger] | imparted mine opinion of every one. Yf it fall out 
that I preferre them who are by blood, kindred, alliance, or in 
other respectes, nearest my selfe, yet I assure your I? that my 
comendation proceeds of a sufficientie in them, not of partial 
_ affection in me...... 

Since the death of M' Amias, her Ma* Sollicitor at the 
Counsaill in the Marches, no man is appointed to that service. 
There is in that court M' Abraham Ffraunce, a pleader at the 
barre. He was bred by my brother Sir Phillip Sidney long in 
Cambridge; continued afterwards in Graies Inne, untill he was 
called to the barre. 1 conceave him in eche respect a man suffi- 
cient-for that service. . Yf it will therefore please your 1? at my 

hartie request to comend him to her Ma‘, I shall thinke my selfe 
pleasured therein.” MS. Harl. 6995, article 35. This office, 
which doubtless Fraunce obtained on suche a recommendation, 

; had been held by Thomas Phaer, Esq. the well-known translator 

of Virgil, who died in 1563. 
_ 4 See Peck’s Desid. Curios. vol.i. p. 52, 4to. How small a 

¥ provision ten pounds a year (which may be estimated as equal to 
forty pounds a year now) was then considered, may appear from a 
passage in Churchyard’s Dedication to King James, prefixed to 
his Blessed Balme, 4to. 1604, in which he speaks of the pension 
granted to him by Queen Elizabeth, which was, we have seen, 
271. 7s. 6d. per ann. (equal perhaps to 100/. a year now) as a very 
poor ‘stipend. ‘‘ The good queen gave me (says he) a poore_ 
pension for this service, and so calling to mind in four princes’ 
times I have given a great push for preferment, yet I was never 

VOL. It. R 


bap Ry 8 Az se or ¢ hag ie (Aataee l~ OC ELA 


Va 


eae lt 


Mee 77 77 4 FS 


a eK ZH fr 7 


242 THE LIFE OF 


bridge, he presented his early patron (in 1581) with 
a small discourse on logick, which he afterwards en- 
larged : and, he tells us, he “ read the perfect copy” 
(in publick, I suppose), “ three times over, at St. 
John’s, and three times at Gray’s Inn.” . It was, 
originally, he informs us, “ A Discourse on the Use of 
Logick *, and a contracted Comparison between this of 
Ramus, and that of Aristotle; ” but when he changed 
his situation, and, from a Cambridge student, became 
a lawyer, he altered the title of his book, and called 
it the Lawyer’s Logick. “ Yet,” says he, * because 
many love logike, that never learne lawe,*I have re- 
teyned those ould examples out of the new Rhee 


advanced; I bethought me of thn fifth king, since the other four 
“ left me only to a poor pension.” 
he, fhe _ age ae $ It should seem from the following manuscript note by Oldys 
t wyatt lao: in his copy of Langbaine's Account of the Dramatick Poets, that 
3 E. Da eee a Latin treatise on logick by Fraunce is yet in existence : ; 
gives % Coo *The thin MS. in folio, an original, written and. adorned by 
Ke Bee £— * A. Fraunce and dedicated to his Mecenas, Sir P, Sidney, in two 
- ‘= parts; the one containing his Discourse upon logick, in Latin 
| aaa a prose, about twenty-two pages ; the other a collection of heroick 
/ symbols (in forty leaves) of princes and other illustrious persons 
\ of Italy, France, and Spain, then of the greatest fame in Europe ; 
frst having their emblems all curiously drawn with his own Pen, and 
\ Latin verses written under them, with explanations in prose. 
“Bound in a white vellum cover adorned with gold, containing a 
landscape on one side of Aineas’s voyage in Virgil, lib, 4, tollite 
me, Teucri, for the motto, and on the other side, eight Latin 
verses upon Vive, Vale. In Dr. Rawlinson’s possession, 30th of 
April, 1750.” As Dr. Rawlinson bequeathed his MSS. to the 
Bodleian Library, this might have been expected to be found 
among them; but the Rev. Mr, Price, after a careful search, 
could not discover it in that very valuable repository. It. is, 
therefore, probably, in some private hands. : 


wt 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 243 


heard’s Kalendar [Spenser’s celebrated work], which 
I first gathered, and thereunto added those also out of 
our law-books, which I lately collected ®.” Neither 
his English hexameters, nor this odd and motley 
mixture of law, logick, and poetry, will, I fear, much 
raise Abraham Fraunce in the opinion of a reader of 
the present day. But he must be estimated by the 
notions which prevailed in his own time, and by the 
judgment of his contemporaries; among whom the 
praise of Spenser cannot but cast some degree of 
splendour around his name. The absurd kind of 
metre in which several of his English compositions 
are written, he appears to have adopted, on the au- 
thority of his patron, Sir Philip Sidney, for whom he 
had so great a veneration, that, in his treatise enti- 
tled (perhaps with allusion to Sidney’s celebrated 
work), «The Arcadian Rhetoricke’,” published in 
1588, he has made him his great English exemplar, 
onalmost. every topick, both in prose and verse ; 
and here, also, we find The Faery Queen quoted, 


6 “ The Lawyers Logike, exemplifying the precepts of logike 
by the practise of the common lawe,” 4to. 1588, dedicated to 
Henry Earl of Pembroke, in fourteen syllable verse. 

7 The full title of this very scarce book is—‘‘ The Arcadian 
Bhetorike, or the precepts of rhetorike made plaine by examples, 
Greeke, Latin, Englishe, Italian, French, Spanish, out of Homers 
Ilias and Odissea ; Virgil's Aiglogs, Georgikes, and Eneis ; Sir 
Philip Sidnie’s Arcadia, Songs and Sonets; Torquato Tassoes 
Geoffredo, Aminta, Torrismondo; Salust his Judith and both 
his Semiaines; Boscan and Garcilassoes Sonnets and Aiglogs.” 
It is dedicated “* to the right excellent and most honourable ladie, 
the ladie Marie Countess of Pembroke,” in six Macaronick verses. 

‘The 24th chapter of the first book of this tract is “ of Para- 
nomasia.” 

R 2 


244 THE LIFE OF 


though neither that poem, nor the Arcadia, was then’ 
published ; a circumstance which ascertains that 

Spenser lived on terms of intimacy with Fraunce, 

and gratified him with the perusal of a portion of his 

great poem, while it yet remained in manuscript. 

Thus we see these poets were connected and en- 
deared to each other, by various ties, and by con- 
genial studies. Spenser, who, in compliment to 
Sidney, had himself made some English verses “halt. 
ill on Roman feet,” was not only attached to Fraunce, 
in consequence of his connexion with that extraordi- 
nary and accomplished man by whom he was bred, 
but must also have been highly gratified by the flat- 
tering circumstance of his having exemplified most of 
his logical precepts, in a book of near three hundred 
quarto pages, by quotations from The Shepheard’s 
Calendar. . 

Another work of Fraunce’s yet remains to be men- 
tioned, which was also given to the publick in 1588, 
in quarto, and is entitled « Abrahami Fransi Insig-- 
nium, Armorum, Emblematum, Hieroglyphicorum et 
Symbolorum, que ab Italis Jmpresse nominantur, 
Explicatio. Qua Symbolice Philosophie postrema 
Pars est.” In the first part of this learned work, 
which is dedicated, in a Latin quatrain, to Robert 
Sidney, the brother of Sir Philip, he has introduced a 

[ very elegant translation, in Latin hexameters, of 
| Homer’s beautiful description of the shield of Achilles, 
. in the eighteenth book of the Iliad. From this, and 
his other works, he appears to have been a very excel- 
lent and general scholar, having made himself master 
of the Greek, Latin, Italian, Spanish, and French 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 245 


languages 5 ; and, therefore, well merited the high 
praise here bestowed, by Spenser, on his talents and 
erudition, in the couplet in which he is shadowed: 


_* And there is Corydon, though meanly waged, Yafarl we of 
nel Zn 2. 


* Yet ablest wit of most I know this day.” 


ti ci who is next mentioned, is ascertained by 
another of Spenser’s poems to have been Arthur 

rorge, or Gorges *, “a lover of learning and virtue,” 
for whom he has himself told'us he had particular 
good will'.”’ This gentleman had married Douglas 
Howard, the daughter and heir of Henry Howard, 
afterwards Viscount Bindon; on the death of which 
lady i in 1590, Spenser wrote a poem, in January, 
1591-2, entitled Daphnaida, and addressed to He- 
lena, Marchioness of Northampton, then the wife of 
Sir ‘Thomas Gorges, a kinsman of Arthur. In that 
poem, as in the verse before us, the lady of Mr. 
Gorges is lamented under the name of Daphne. The 
designation (Aleyon) here given to her disconsolate 
husband, was evidently formed by rejecting the final 
letter in Alcyone, and thus converting a female name 2 
into that of a man’: and Spenser may be presumed 
to have adopted it with a reference either to Aleyone ~ 
the wife of Meleager, who died of sorrow for the loss 


of her husband; or of Alcyone the wife of Ceyx, 


king. of Thrace ;. who, according to the fable, being 
overcome with immoderate grief for his death, was, 
in compassion to her sufferings, converted by the 


» 8 The ofiginal and true name is Gorge. Gorges was merely a 


corruption, arising from the common English habit of annexing 


__ the letter S at the end of surnames. 


- + Dedication to Daphnaida, 4to. 1596. 


i 


po Mow 
ps, 


YeFin (once 


246 THE LIFE OF 


gods into the bird called a king’s-fisher®. What 
«the brave conceit” was, which Mr. Gorges had 
begun in his happier days, and which he is here ex- 
horted to resume in the sweet scented arbour of Me- 
riflure *, it is now, I fear, too late to inquire. Of 


2 The story of Alcyone, the wife of Ceyx, had been familiarized 
to the English reader ; for in 1569 was published “ The tragicall 
and lamentable hystorie of two faithfull mates, Ceyx kynge of 
Trachyne and Alcyone his wife &c. drawne into English meeter. 
By William Hubbard.” It is also found in Golding’s translation 
of the eleventh book of Ovid’s Metamorphosis. 

‘3 In 1588, when England was threatened with an invasion by 
Spain, Arthur Gorges, together with Ralegh, Sir Charles 
Blount, Edward Vere Earl of Oxford, and others, served as 
volunteers on board the English fleet (Camden, Eliz. ii. 576) ; 
and he afterwards accompanied his kinsman, Sir Walter Ralegh, 
in Essex’s great expedition against the islands Azores, where he 
was wounded. His wife, Douglas Howard, who was daughter to 
Henry Howard, Esq. afterwards Viscount Bindon, was baptized 
January 29, 1571-2 (Lysons’s Environs of London, iii. 499), and 
died June 13, 1590 [Esc. Amb. Gorges, 42 Eliz. n, 139], pro- 
bably not very long after her marriage, leaving one daughter, 
Ambrosia, who is also celebrated by Spenser (Daphnaida, 
signat. I.), and who died 10th of October, 1600 [Esc. ut supra]. 
Mr. Gorges must have married his second wife in or before Sep- 
tember, 1597; for his son William was baptized at Chelsea, 
May 30, 1599 (Lysons, ii. 122) ; and he had, by the same lady, 
an elder son, Arthur, who succeeded to his estate on his death 
(Esc. 2 Car. p. 3, n. 169). He had four other sons; Tymo- 
leon, baptized in the same parish, October 1, 1600; Egremon, 
Carew, and Henry (Esc. ut supra). He represented the county 
of Dorset, in the parliament that met in November, 1592, and 
was knighted, by Queen Elizabeth, in 1597. In right of his first 
wife, Mr. Gorges acquired an estate in Dorsetshire, which, on 
the death of his daughter Ambrosia, devolved on her maternal 
uncle, Thomas Viscount Bindon (Esc. 42 Eliz. n. 139). In right 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 247 


his lighter poetical effusions, I believe few have beer 
transmitted to posterity; though while he was yet 
living, we are told by one of his sons, in the middle 


of his second lady, he became possessed of the manor house of 
Chelsea, which had belonged to Sir Thomas More. 

In the Epistle Dedicatory to Lucy Countess of Bedford, pre- 
fixed to his translation of Lucan, sexto, 1614, his son Carew, 
who was then a school-boy, speaks thus of his father’s works: “ I 
remember this sentence in my Pueriles, Voluntas, ubi desunt 
vires, est laudanda ; where power is wanting, the good wyll is to 
be accepted: which, I'presume, will be my warrant in presenting 
your ladyship with this poem, which by chance I did see in my 
father’s study, amongst many others of his manuscripts: and 
because it lay idly there, I desired him to give it to me.” With 
this request, he tells us, his father complied. It is strange that 
in this translation the author should have employed the verse of 
eight syllables, a measure generally appropriated to the lighter 
kinds of poetry, and extremely unsuitable to the original. His rela- 
tionship and intimacy with Ralegh procured a copy of commenda- 
tory verses prefixed to the translation of Lucan, and signed 

\ W. R., which have escaped the notice of his biographers. Put- 
tenham, in his Arte of Poesie, 4to. 1589, p. 190, has quoted two 
lines from a poem, “ by Maister Gorge,” which do not do him 
much credit. The lines, however, may serve to ascertain the 
author of the piece, if it be yet in being, and published anony- 
mously. I have never met with any other poetical production of 
Arthur Gorges, either in print or manuscript, except those here 
mentioned. In 1611, he published “A transcript and explanation 
of his Majesty’s Letters Patent for creating an Office called Publick 
Registers of general Commerce.” In 1619, he gave the world a 
translation of Bacon’s Sapientia Veterum, and in the same year a 

' translation of Bacon’s Essays ; both into French. He died at fd 
Chelsea, September 28, 1625 (Ese. ut supra), and was buried 


{ there, on the 10th of October (Lysons, ii. 122). His eldest son, 


\ Sir Arthur Gorges, was also a poet. See the Collection of 
Verses on the Death of Lord Hastings, 8vo. 1650. 


248 is THE LIFE OF 


~ of the reign of James the First, that many of. his 


productions were then preserved in manuscript ;- and 
in 1614, his translation. of Lucan was: published, 
which probably was begun many years before, and 
was, I suspect, “ the brave conceit” alluded to by 
Spenser. His grief for the death of Daphne, how- 


‘ever deep at the time, does not appear to have lasted 


many years after these verses were written ; for in or 
before the year 1597, he married a second wife, Eli- 
zabeth, a daughter of Henry Clinton, Earl of Lin- 
coln, by whom.he had afterwards several children. 


“‘ There eke is Palin, worthie of great praise, 
** Albe he envie at my rustick quill.” 

Palin is doubtless the abbreviation of Palinode 4, 
which Spenser has used as the name of a. shepherd 
in his fifth Eclogue; and, I conceive, was here in- 
tended to represent George Peele, a distinguished poet 
of that time, who was nearly of Spenser’s age, and 
had commenced a poetical writer about, the same time 
with him *. He is thus denominated on: the same 


' principle which appears to have guided the author in 


the choice of several of the adumbrations found in 
these verses, in consequence of Peele’s having pub- 


4 Verses, by Peele, are prefixed: to Watson’s Sonnets; -pub- 
lished in 1581. i 

5 The title of Peele’s pastoral, which is: extremely scarce, is 
«© An Eclogue Gratulatorie, entituled to the right. honorable and 
renowmed Shepheard of Albion's’ Arcadia, Robert Earle of Essex 
and Ewe for his welcome into. England from Portugall,” 4to. 
1589. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 249 


lished; in 1589, a high eulogy on Lord Essex, a no- 
bleman:for ;whom Spenser had the greatest respect. 

_-In this piece the interlocutors are Piersand_ Palinode’®. 
Of Peele’s various productions. in the course of the pre- 
ceding fifteen years, which are alluded to as: worthy 
of great praise,” it is not necessary to say any thing 
in this place, as some aecount will be given of them 
hereafter... 

At this distance of time it. is. not easy to. say.,t0 
what, part of Peele’s conduct Spenser alludes, in, the 
qualification of his encomium on this poet: but, I 
imagine, he was displeased at his having been: per- 

; sonally introduced on the scene, under his assumed 
name of Colin, in a dramatick pastoral entitled The 

i Arraignment of Paris, written by Peele, and repre- 
sented before Queen Elizabeth in or before 1584. 
As Spenser’s unfortunate passion for the lady whom 
he has concealed under the name. of Rosalind,. was, 
after the publication of his eclogues, well known, the 
application of this character to the mew poet, as he 
was then called, must have been immediately made 
by the spectators, and he had some reason to be of- 
fended at being exhibited on the scene, as a hapless 

; swain, actually dying for love; in addition to which 
serio-comick representation, his fellow-shepherds, Hob- 
binol, Diggon, and Thenot, bring his corpse on the 
stage, and while they are proceeding to his interment, 
sing a funeral dirge over it. “ The pangs of despised 


' © Palin is used as the abbreviation of Palinode, by Peele, in 
< his Eclogue Gratulatoriey &c. 4to. 1589 : 
' -“ Twit me with boldnes, Palin,.as thou wilt,” &c. 
_ In like manner, Spenser uses Hobbin for Hobbinol. 


4 Fats fan st henry KE Z hated hy 
Mead + ~ wud ee he tat Alans ye even? T 
ges eas Ae te we Key. 6 HK. Lar-Jy, pet 
in A <7 Jw Kee a ae 


on howz 246 A fa-< ts f~ Shinnnms fC rx 


Opal 


250 | THE LIFE OF 


love,” however they may affect the bosom of pining 
youth, exciting but little sympathy in the mass of 
mankind, this exhibition had certainly a tendency to 
place him in a ludicrous light, and is perhaps al- 
luded to under the words, 


‘* Albe he envie at my rustick quill.” 


He may, however, also have had in view Peele’s not 
very successful imitation of his rustick pastorals, in the 
piece above mentioned, a performance of which per- 
haps this poet had boasted as equal or superior to the 
admired prototype on which it was formed. 

Under the name of Alcon, who is exhorted to at- 


tempt something of a higher strain than love-verses, I 


believe was shadowed Thomas Lodge, then a student 
in physick, and an admired poet; a man whose 
learning and profession Spenser must have respected, 
Alcon, like Corydon, is one of Virgil’s shepherds ; 
but Spenser, while he employed this pastoral name, 
thus familiarized to every classical reader, appears. to 
have had particularly in his contemplation a very po- 
pular play, entitled The Looking-glasse for London 
and England, and written by Lodge in conjunction 
with Robert Greene, then deceased. In this drama, 
which had been frequently performed in 1591, and 
the following year’, one of the characters is named 
Alcon *. The moral and religious turn of this Bee 


7 This appears from the MS. register of Philip Henslowe. See 
the History of the English Stage, vol. iii. 

8 The practice of thus denominating authors by names taken 
from their works, was not uncommon in that age. Thus Henry 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 251 


probably, particularly recommended it to Spenser, 
and induced him to take Lodge’s poetical name from 
thence rather than from any of his other productions. 
Lodge had also written a great number of lays or 
short amatory poems, some of which are found dis- 

in his various novels *, and some published un- 
mixed with prose ; and the idivice hee given to him 
to attempt “ some matter of more skill,” appears to 
have had due weight; for in the middle of the year 
1595, he gave the publick a small volume of moral 
satires and epistles®. Previously to the appearance of 


Chettle, in.a miscellaneous piece, consisting of prose and verse, 
entitled England's Mourning Garment, &c. 4to. 1603, shadows 
Marlowe the poet under the name of Museus; because he had 


translated the poem of Hero and Leander, attributed to Museus : 7 


and Robert Greene, under the name of Musidore, doubtless from < 
his having been the author of Mucedorus, a play, which has 
been absurdly attributed to Shakspeare. 

! This religious play represents the abominations and reforma- 
tion of the Ninevites; and the prophet Hosea, and Jonah, are 
two of the Dramatis Persone ; the latter of whom is cast out of 
the whale’s belly on the stage. 

- * Scillea’s Metamorphosis, 4to. 1589; Euphues Golden 

ie, 4to. 1590; Phillis honoured with pastoral sonnets, elegies, 
and amorous delights, the Life and Death of William Longbeard, 
4to. 1593, &c. In the middle of the year 1594, Lodge pub- 
lished a piece of “more skill,” entitled The Wounds of Civil 
Warre, or the true Historie of Marius and Sylla, a tragedy; but 
I dowbt whether it had reached Spenser’s hands, when these 
"verses were written. 

3 This very rare piece is entitled A Fig for Momus, containing 
pleasant Varietie, included in Satyres, Eclogues, and Epistles, 


by T. L. of Lincolnes Inne, Gent. It was entered in the Sta- 


tioners’ register, April 2, 1595. Mr. Warton, in the unpub- 
lished fragment of the fourth volume of his History of English 
- Poetry, p. 81, seems to doubt whether Lodge ever published any 


2s ha Oe 
ohn Zics lids, LAL 


en ert fae 
a ed 


Sn BD Jmse Loa ftom 


252 THE LIFE OF 


Colin Clout, he had propitiated Spenser by a paper 
of verses, prefixed to a collection of sonnets) and 
elegies, published in 1593, which is. now so ex- 
tremely rare, that I shall subjoin the Induction to it 
(as it is called) in a note, on account of the high and 
very elegant. eulogy on Spenser that it contains, 
which well entitled Lodge to this great, poet’s notice *. 
. Palemon is the poet next. introduced: . bth a 
“And there is old Palemon, free'from spight, 
“Whose careful pipe may make the hearer rew ; 


“* Yet he himself, may rewed be more right, 
«© Who sung so long untill quite hoarse he grew.” 


From these verses it appears that the person here al- 
luded to was somewhat advanced in years, though not 
yet, like Harpalus, “ waxen aged; ”—that he had 
long been a votary of the. Muses;—and ‘that his 
writings were distinguished for their moral tendency. 
These considerations induce me to believe that Ar- 
thur Golding was the poet in this place in Spenser’s 
thoughts, a very voluminous writer, who was at 
this time about sixty years. old, and. had -been a 
« maker” so early in the reign of Elizabeth as 1565, 
when he published a poetical version of the first four 


satires, The above-mentioned miscellany, it appears, had , not 
fallen into his hands. 

4 There is a copy of this poem in the library of Emmanuel 
College, in Cambridge; and another, which had belonged to 
the late Dr. Farmer, is now in the valuable collection of Richard 
Heber, Esq. of Brazen-nose College, Oxford, to whom I am 
indebted for the following specimen of it : 

** Phillis, honoured with Pastorall Sonnets, Elegies, and 
Amorous Delights. Whereunto is annexed the tragicall Com- 
playnt of Elstred,” 4to, 1593. I have never seen or heard of more 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 253 


books of Ovid’s Metamorphosis, in the then popular 
measure—fourteen syllable verse. In 1567 he gave 


than two copies of this collection of poems. The Induction is as 
follows : 


THE INDUCTION. 


* I that, obscur'd, have fled the sceane of fame *, 
“ Intitling my conceits to nought but care, 
“ T that have liv’d a Phoenix in Jove’s flame, 
“ And felt that death I never would declare, 
“ Now mount the theater of this our age, 
“To plead my faith and Cupid's cursed rage 


“ Oh you high sp'rited paragons of witte + 
“ That flye to fame beyond our earthly pitch, 
“* Whose sence is sound, whose words are feat and fitte, 
«* Able to make the coyest eare to itch, 
“ Shroud with your mighty wings that mount so well, 
“ These little Joves new crept from out the shell. 


« And thou, the true. Octavia t of our time, 
“ Under whose worth beauty was never matched, 
- “The genius of my Muse and ragged rime, 
_ “ Smile on these little loves but lately hatched, 
_ * Who from the wrastling waves have made retreate, 
“To pleade for life before thy judgement seate. 


“ And tho’ the fore-bred brothers § they have had, 
“Who in their swan-like songs Amintas wept, Ye fe aF fm 


* The author had, in the preceding year, gone on a voyage “— ef 
with the celebrated navigator Cavendish. ‘big se 
fo at Spenser/s Daniel, &e. SS — 
, $~ Mary Countess of Pembroke (as I conceive), a patroness 
of poets, ‘and sister of Sir Philip Sidney; as Octavia" was the Geta... <+« 


sister of Augustus, and patroness of Virgil. a me 2 
'§ Doubtless Thomas Watson and Abraham Fraunce. The hme Liner: ke 
Ee" - ees LD) aMaseees 


former, i in 1585, had sung the Complaints or Lamentations of ~~“ “> ~~ 


°. Amyntas: for the Death of Phillis ;-and hence Lodge calls Wat-<<.», 2..2@4~ 


fia Deak 


254 THE LIFE OF 


the publick a complete translation of the fifteen books 
of that work; to which he prefixed a poetical. epistle 


“ For all their sweet-thought sighes had fortune bad, 
«* And twice obscur’d in Cinthia's circle slept, 

“ Yet these, I hope, under your kind aspéct, 

“ Most worthy’ lady, shall escape neglect. 


“ And if these infants of mine artlesse braine 

« (Not by theyr worth, but by thy worthinesse) 

‘* A meane good liking of the learned gaine, 

‘* My Muse enfranchis'd from forgetfulnesse 
“ Shall hatch such breede in honour of thy name... 
** As moderne poets shall admire the same. 


«* As moderne poets shall admire the same ; 
«« | meane not you, you never-matched men 
“* Who brought the chaos of our tongue in frame 
‘* Through these Herculean labours of your pen : 
*¢ | meane the meane, I meane no men divine, 
«* But such whose feathers are but waxt like mine. 


‘* Go weeping truce-men in your sighing weedes, 

* Under a great Mecenas I have past [plas’t] you; 

*« If so you come where learned Colin * feedes 

‘ His lovely flocke, packe thence, and quickly haste you: 
“ You are but mistes before so bright a sunne, 
“« Who hath the palme for deepe invention wonne. 


Kisse Delia’s hand, for her sweet prophet’s t sake, 
“¢ Whose not affected, but well couched, teares 

“ Have power, have worth, a marble mind to shake 
“* Whose fame no iron age or time out-weares ; 

* Then lay you down in Phillis’ lap, and sleepe,. 

“ Untill she weeping read, and reading weepe. 


son's verses—former loves ; the collection of poems to which. this 
is the introduction, being also in honour of Phillis.. Abraham 
Fraunce, in 1587, had published a poetical translation of Watson’s 
poem, under the title of The Lamentation of Amyntas for the 
Death of Phillis; of which the only copy that I have seen is in 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 255 


of about six hundred lines, dedicated to the Earl of 
Leicester, wherein the moral of all the stories is phi- 
losophically expounded. ‘The religious cast of some 
of his poetical pieces and of very many of his prose 
works, I conceive, gave rise to the epithet here em-— 
ployed,—* Whose careful pipe may make the hearer 
: rew ;” in which line Spenser perhaps had particularly 


the Bodleian Library. Watson was dead before 1592. His very 
rare poem, in Latin hexameters, entitled Amyntas Thome Wat- 
| soni Londinensis, I. V. Studiosi, consists of eleven parts, each 
entitled Querela (Prima, Secunda. &c.), and the last ends with the ~ 
_death of Amyntas. 
} Spenser also has eulogized these fore-bred brothers in his 
Faery Queene, b. iii. c. 6, st. 45: 
«* ——. Sad Amaranthus made a flower but late, 
* Sad Amaranthus, in whose purple gore ce 
‘* Me seemes I see Amintas’ wretched fate, fl nage Cin 6 
“ To whom sweet poets’ verse hath given endless date.” %“52°-°2. 77 
In a note on this passage, in the last edition, the learned<— <4 ~~ font 
/ editor concurs with Mr, Upton in supposing Sir Philip Sidney ed ~~ ath 
| be the person meant under the name of Amintas ; but, unquestion- me “ew fafa rte, 
ably, that was not the case : and Mr, Church was equally mis 
taken in supposing that by Amyntas was here meant Renn, OOS 
Watson, the author of the poem already mentioned ; for though 2 é 2, Lt re 
Spenser frequently shadowed some of the contemporary poets 7 heraici 
under the titles of their productions, or the names mentioned in 7, .. .. 4 
them, that manifestly was not his meaning here ; the Amintas in— “.z--, -~~< 
these lines being certainly the poetical and imaginary person who ee a a, 
is supposed to have died for the love of Phillis; that Amintas, to, eee oe. 
whom “the verse” of those sweet poets [Watson and Fraunce ji. Koa 
(for the word is not the genitive case singular, but plural), h had“ Aicwicge » 7am 
given never-ending celebrity. The last line,—“* To whom,” &c. eae stage a 
compared with Lodge's verses in honour of the same persons, and 
‘with their respective poetical productions in 1585 and 1587 
proves via that this is the true interpretation of this con- 


* Soave + Daniel. 


256 THE LIFE OF 


in his thoughts, Golding’s translation of Beza’s Mys- 
tery, or, as he terms it, “ tragedie of Abraham’s Sacri- 
fice,” originally published in 1550, and exhibited by 
Golding in English verse in 1577. Spenser might 
also have had in his thoughts, “ the Psalmes of David 
and others, with Beza’s Commentary ;” published by. 
Golding in 1571, if that work were in verse, which I . 
am unable to ascertain, never having seen it. 

Between the years 1562 and 1595, he gave his 
country an English translation of Ovid’s Metamor-. 
phosis, Cesar’s Commentaries, Justin, Seneca de 
Beneficiis, Julius Solinus, and Pomponius: Mela; 
and published about twelve pieces, chiefly translations 
from the French, and most of them of a religious 
complexion. 

From the general cast of thinking in many of this 
poet’s numerous pieces, he seems to have been a rigid 
Calvinist ; a circumstance which may have recom- 
mended him to Leicester and Lord Burghley, in whose 
family he appears at one time to have lived. He was of 
a gentleman’s family, and born in London, about the 
year 1535, as I conjecture ; for he became a fellow 
commoner of Jesus College in Cambridge, in or 
before 1552. I know not the exact time of. his 
death, but I suspect that it happened some time 
between 1596 and 1606. It must be recollected, that 
all the poets here alluded to, are spoken of as then 
living, except Amyntas, whom, though dead, and, 
consequently incapable of singing the praises of 
Elizabeth, the poet has introduced by a happy artifice 
of language, from his affectionate attachment to the 
nobleman shadowed under that appellation. In 


ran ee 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 257 


forming a conjecture, Diicetate concerning each of 
the individuals alluded to, it is, in the first places 
necessary to show that he was then living. That 
Arthur Golding was alive when this poem was pub- 
lished, is ascertained by his dedication of the “ Poli- 
ticke, Morall, and Martiall Discourses of Jaques 
Hurault,” to William Lord Cobham, which is dated 
Jan. 27, 1595-6. Being now a versifier of above | 
thirty years standing; and having, it would seem, 
obtained but little emolument from his labours; he is, 
with sufficient propriety, described as having sung so 
long as to have become hoarse*; and as an object 'of 


4 Yet he himself may rewed be more right, 

« That sung so long untill quite hoarse he grew.” 

Spenser himself may, perhaps, supply. the best comment on 
these lines. See his tenth Eclogue: 

_ © Cuddy. Pierce, I have piped earst so long with paine 

' “That all mine oaten reedes bene rent and wore ; 

And my poore Muse hath spent her spared store, 

* Yet little good hath got and much less gaine.” 

Cuddy, or Cuthbert, was meant to designate a poet of that 
name, and a friend of Spenser's. See Three proper, &c. Letters, 
4to. 1580, p. 40. Indeed, from a sonnet of Bishop Hall, yet 
preserved i in manuscript, it should seem that all the interlocutors, 
introduced by Spenser in ‘his Shepheard’s Calendar, were not 

persons, but his own poetical contemporaries : 
** Not all the shepheards in his Calendar, 
* Though /earned shepheards they, and seen in song—.” 

_ The same observation has been made by the Rev. Mr. Todd, in 
his late edition of Spenser, who also coincides with me in sup- 
posing Corydon to have meant Abraham Fraunce. But the 
present and preceding section were written some years before 
Mr. Todd’s edition of Spenser appeared, and read by my friend 
Mr. Bindley. 

* VOL, II. 8 


258 THE LIFE OF 
uJ 


compassion in consequence of being but ill provided 
for in his old age, notwithstanding his unwearied and 
pious endeavours to benefit mankind by his moral and 
religious productions. He does not appear to have 
entered into controversy with any of his contempo- 
raries; and the general object of the greater part of 
his writings being the promotion of virtue and piety, 
he may be presumed to have well deserved the pro- 
mise here given by our moral poet, that of being 
“free from spight;” in opposition to Palin, whose 
malevolence had recently been noticed. Like 
Abraham Fraunce, he was endeared to Spenser (whose 
friendly attachments appear to have had considerable 
weight in several of these eulogies), by his:connexion 
with Sir Philip Sidney; by whom Golding was so 
, much respected, that Sidney having begun a trans- 
/ lation of Philip Mornay’s work, “ concerning the 
\ trewnesse of the Christian religion,” which he: did 
not live to complete, he desired that it should be 
nished by Golding, who, in conformity to his pa- 
tron’s wishes, published that piece in or before 1592. 
.All the shadowy and allusive denominations hi. 
therto examined, have been found to be significant 
and appropriate ; either taken from some peculiar cir- 
cumstances in the history of the writer alluded to, or 
from the poetical compositions of the persons whom 
they were intended to designate. Of the former kind 
is the name of Alcyon; of the latter, are the names 
of Harpalus, Corydon, Palin, and Alcon. In like 
manner, Golding was denominated Palemon, with a 
particular reference to his poetical version of the 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 259 


fourth book of Ovid’s Metamorphosis, which he 
had translated and published about thirty years 
before, and in which the story of Melicerta, the son of 
Athamas and Ino, occurs; who, we are there told, 
after his untimely death, by his mother throwing 
herself and. him into the ocean, became a sea-god 
under the name of Palemon. This fable, which Gold- 
ing has translated with great spirit and vigour, 
Spenser has again alluded to, in the eleventh canto 
of the fourth book of his Faery Queen: — « 


_ © Phorcys, the father of that fatall brood, 
“< By whom these old herdes wonne such fame, 
* And Glaucus that wise soothsayes understood ; 
** And tragicke Inoes sonne, the which became 
_“ A god of seas, through his mad mother’s hans; 
ft Now hight Palemon, and is saylei’s friend 4,’ 


The late Mr. Warton, in his excellent History of 
English Poetry, has cited with just praise a large 
portion of Golding’s translation of this part of the 
Metamorphosis, as a striking specimen of the abi- 
lities of Golding as a translator, whom in this respect 
he greatly prefers to Phaer and ‘Twyne, the poetical 
translators of Virgil. Doubtless the English version 
of the story of Palemon, made a similar impression 
on Spenser and.his contemporaries; and hence we 
may reasonably presume he was induced to conceal 
the translator of Ovid under this adumbration °, 


_4 See also Faery Queen, book v. c. 8, st. 47. 
5 My friend Mr. Todd, in his valuable edition of Spenser, has 
also entered.into an examination of Colin — Come Home 
8 2 


260 THE LIFE OF. 


In the midst of these fanciful adumbrations, we 
are surprised with the undisguised name of [ William] 
Alabaster °, a very distinguished scholar, then. about 


Again, with a view to ascertain, as far as conjecture can assist us, 
who the'persons were who were understood by the poet ‘under the. 
feigned names which he has introduced. In several instances he 
coincides with Mr. Malone, but in others they differ. Palin he 

/ supposes to have been Thomas Chaloner; Alcon, Thomas 
; Watson; Old Palemon, Thomas Churchyard; and Harpalus, 
(manele Googe. With regard to Palemon, I am inclined to 
think that Mr. Todd was in the right. If indeed it could be 
proved that Churchyard was the author of that ballad which is 
» preserved along with Surrey’s poems, ‘ Phillida was a fair maid,” 
there could be little doubt that he was designated by Harpalus. 


But I know not upon what authority a composition of so much 
merit has been ascribed tohim ; it is certainly very different from 
his usual strain. I should think that he was commemorated 
under the name of Palemon, because he seems bipoinyd to have 
alluded toa line in that part of the poem: 
“ That sung so long untill quite hoarse he grew.” 
In Churchyard’s Cherishing, 1596, he describes the Court as 
being 
4 ‘« The platform where all poets thrive, 
ay ** Save one whose voice is hoarse they say.” - 
But the main object of our present inquiry, to which the other 
questions which these lines have suggested are comparatively 
unimportant, is, whether Shakspeare is pointed out under the 
Pine 2. lyfe... ame of Aetion. Mr. Todd applies it to Drayton, But there is: 
tT Ln tee? nothing heroical in that poet's name ; nor are ‘ high thoughts". 
\f2< ”. PA—— the distinguishing excellence of his poetry; while, on the other 
eae “<= hand, Mr. Malone has, I think, sufficiently established the 
pe ener fondness of our ancestors for such a play of words as Shake-spear 
eo would furnish. But the reader has the evidence already before 
him, and I shall not detain him longer by any observations of 
my own. Boswett. 
§ William Alabaster was born in Suffolk, about the year 1567.. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 261 


‘twenty-seven years of age; whose Roxana, a Latin 
tragedy, had been acted at Trinity College, in Cam- 
bridge, a few years before, with great applause, and 
was surreptitiously and imperfectly printed about 
forty years afterwards (1632); which drew from the 
author a genuine edition in the same year: but the 
unfinished performance here so highly eulogized, his 
Eliseis, a Latin poem of considerable length, in 
honour of Queen Elizabeth, with all. its attributed 
merit, and notwithstanding the subject was once so 
popular, has never been submitted to the press. It 
is, however, yet extant in manuscript. Of his 
English poetry, I have been able to recover but 
two short specimens, preserved in the Bodleian Li- 
brary, in a manuscript of Archbishop Sancroft’s, which 


He was educated at Trinity College, in Cambridge, where he 
took the Gegree of Bachelor of Arts in 1587, and that of Master 
of Arts in 1591; and in 1592 he was incorporated into the 
University of Oxford. ‘‘ He was,” says Wood, Ath. Oxon. vol. i. 
Fast. 144, ‘‘ the rarest poet and Grecian that any one age or 
nation produced.” About two years after this poem was written, 
he accompanied Lord Essex, as one of his chaplains, in the ex- 
pedition against Cadiz. After his return from that’ expedition, 
he changed his religion for that of Rome, and published, in his 
justification, his Seven Motives, to which two answers appeared. < 


Afterwards, being. disgusted with his new friends, he returned to 
the church’, of England, became a Prebendary of St. Paul's, 
Rector of Thorfield, in Hertfordshire, and in 1614, Doctor of 
Divinity. _He, died in April, 1640. His works,’ beside those 
already’. -mentioned, .are,| Apparatus. in Revelationem «Jesu 
Christi, 4to..1607.; Spiraculum Tubarum, n. d. Ecce Sponsus 
Venit, 4to. 1633; Lexicon Pentaglotton, fol. 1637. His Roxana, 
he tells us himself, was, the work of only a fortnight. Of this 
distinguished: scholar and poet there is an admirable print, by 
Payne, which was well —" a few years ago. 


262 THE LIFE OF 


have never been printed, and which, therefore, I shall 
give below’, In naming Alabaster thus directly, 


7 * A New Year's Gift to my Saviour. 


* Ho! God behere. Is Christ, my Lord, at leisure ?- 
* Blessed S'. Peter, to my King present 
“This Alabaster box which I have sent; 
“ And if he ask how it may do him pleasure, 
© Tell him I hear that he hath endless treasure 
“* But hath not vessels half sufficient, 
“« And in this box are many moe content, 
‘* Wherein of grace he may bestow large measure: 
** Within my spirit his knowledge he may place, 
* Light in my mind, within my will his grace: 
* * * % * 
“ Merit in memory, love in my hart : 
“ This if he doe, I hope by seeing it 
“* Ten thousand may themselves likewise impart.” 


The transcriber of this sonnet has written, in the third line, 

“An Alablaster box ;” a corruption so common that Sir Robert 

egeee Cecil, in one of his letters, thus writes the word. See Win- 
16 wood's Memor. ii, 147. 


“* Upon the Ensigns of our Crucified Saviour. 


“ O sweet and bitter monument of pain ! 

* (Bitter to Christ, who all the pain endured, 

** But sweet to me whose life his death secured,) 

‘* How shall I full-express such loss, such gain, 

‘* My tongue shall be my pen; mine eyes shall rain 
“« Tears for the ink ; the Cross where I was cured 

** Shall be my book ; where having all abjured, 

* And calling heaven to record, in that place [plain] 
“¢ Thus will I plainly write—zo sin like mine. 

** When I have done, dothou, Jesu divine, 

“« Take up the last sponge of thy passion 

* And blot that forth. Then be thy Spirit the quill, 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 263 


Gpenser’s object, doubtless, was to recommend. his 
friend to the Queen’s favour, and to procure him 
promotion in the church, which he afterwards ob- 
tained. , 

In like manner, the poet next mentioned is not 
concealed under the cloud of description, or the mys- 
terious perplexity of a fictitious name; but we are 
plainly told, that [Samuel] Daniel, a new poet *, 


_ “ Thy blood the ink, and with compassion 
“ Write thus upon my soul—thy Jesu still.” 


The piety of these sonnets is more obvious than the poetry ; 
yet Donne, and those in that age who admired Donne, doubtless 
thought them excellent. I have preserved them as the only 
English specimens of Alabaster’s writing that I have been able to 
discover. « In the first of these sonnets, it is manifest, from its 
structure, that a line has been omitted, by the negligence of the 
transcriber, which rhymed with the word 7; and in the eighth 
line of the second, the word place was evidently written carelessly, 
instead of plain, or some other word of a similar termination. In 
the corresponding sonnet, the first, fourth, fifth, and pahth lines 
thyme to each other. 

In the former sonnet, the allusion to the name of the writer is 
an additional confirmation of what has Li said on the propensity 
of that age to “a dalliance with names.” 

8 Samuel Daniel was born in Somersetshire, in 1562, and 
educated at Magialen-College, in Oxford, where he studied 
about five years, In 1585, he first became known to the public 
by translating a tract of Paulus Jovius, on Jmpresses.. But he 
did not commence poet till 1592, when his nonnett, which are | 
here referred to, and his Complaint of Re Rosamond,” were pub- a. mea on 
lished in quarto. When the present eulogy was written, he was ~~~ alae api Chips 
about thirty-two years old. He died in 1619. fi-Behn2 — fla 

How very highly Daniel was estimated in his own time, and al ae | 
surely considerably above his deserts (though he was not wholly 7~94 <—~ # 
devoid of merit), may be learned from the high eulogies which “ *7-~*~ <a 

Aan-G he ee 
pe eves Kyfaw 


a0 oe 


264 THE LIFE OF 


(whose sonnets to his “ scornful” mistress, Delia, 
appeared in 1592,) had surpassed all his predecessors, 
and was equal to the most arduous poetical attempts. 
The Shepherd of the Ocean, by other parts of this 
poem, is ascertained to have been Sir Walter Ralegh °, 
his poetry extorted from others, as well as from Spenser. ** As 
Parthenius Niceus (says Meres) excellently sung the praises of 
his Arete, so Daniel hath divinely soneted the matchlesse beauty 
of his Delia.” Wit's Treasury, 8vo. 1598, p. 280. In one of the 
miscellanies of that era, of which I have neglected to set down the 
title, is a paper of verses, addressed to Mr. Samuel eee 
Prince of English Poets. 
9 In Colin Clout, Spenser thus describes Ralegh’s visit to him: . 


** One day, quoth he [Colin], I sat as was my trade, » 
“ Under the foot of Mole, that-mountain hore, 

* Keeping my sheep amongst the cooly shade 
«* Of the greene alders by the Mullaes shore. _ 


** There a straunge shepheard chaunced to find me out, 
* Whether allured with my pipe’s delight, 

** Whose pleasing sound yshrilled far about, 
“* Or thither led by chaunce, I know not right: 


** Whom when I asked from what place he came, 
« And how he hight, him selfe he did yclepe, _ 
“* The Shepheard of the Ocean by name, 
** And said he came far from the main sea deepe. 


“ He sitting me beside in that same shade, 
‘* Provoked me to plaie some pleasant fit, 

¢¢ And when he heard the musick which I made, 
“ He found him selfe full-greatly pleased at it. 


«Yet emuling my pipe, he took in hand 
“* My pipe before that emuled of many, 

** And plaid thereon, for well that skill he cond, 
“ Him-selfe as skilfull in that art as any.” 


| 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 265 
at this time in disgrace with the Queen, for having 
seduced Elizabeth Throckmorton ', one of her maids 
of honour; though he had made the best reparation 
in his power, by marrying that lady. He had some 
years before written a poem entitled Cynthia, ex- 
pressly i in honour of Elizabeth, of which, having in 
vain sought for it in many ancient manuscript col- 
lections, I fear no copy has been preserved; but 
Spenser, i in the present passage, seems rather to have 
had in contemplation some passionate poetical effu- 
sions of Ralegh, who was now endeavouring to 
regain the Queen’s favour; and, affecting a kind of 
romantic Jove for her Majesty, pretended that, while 
she frowned on him, and excluded him from her pre- 
sence, life was not worth enjoying. 

By Amyntas, the next person introduced, at once 
a poet himself, and a patron of poets, we may pro- 
nounce with certainty, was meant one of the most 
accomplished noblemen of his time, Ferdinand, the 
fifth Earl of Derby, and the husband of Alice 
Spenser, afterwards mentioned under the name of 
Amarillis °, whom he married in or before the year 


1 The various circumstances of Ralegh’s life are so generally 
known, that it is not necessary to give here even an abridgment 
of them. I shall, therefore, confine myself to his actions in Ire- 
land, his connexion with Spenser, his marriage with Elizabeth 
Throckmorton and his subsequent disgrace, and his poetical pro~ 
ductions ; particulars connected in some measure with the verses 
before us, and concerning which the information supplied by his 
biographers is so imperfect and erroneous, that to state them truly 


will require a disquisition too long for this place. See the See the Ap- Ae spe 


pendix. 
———*"Allice, the sixth daughter: of Sir John’ Spenser, knight, was 


/ 


266 THE LIFE OF 


1583. The high eulogy on Amyntas, which is found 
in the conclusion of one of Nashe’s tracts *, was un- 


Biko to Ferdinand Lord Strange, some time before Dec, 1583, - 
(Peck’s Desid. Curios. vol. i. p. 116, 4to.) Six years after her 
_, f+ 4 husband's death she married (Oct. 21, 1600) Sir Thomas : Egerton, 
~~ Zc- then lord keeper of the great seal. Before this lady, in 1683, 
‘4 © Milton's Masque was originally presented at Hatfield, by the 
Bae Lee - grandcbildren of her second husband. Harrington, as Mr. Warton 
&—- “ > <«*~ has observed, has an epigram highly in her praise, book iii. ep. 47. 
“ya «<< She died Jan. 26, 1635-6. Her sister Elisabeth, whom Spenser 
pete 2 ee distinguished by the name of Phillis, was the second daughter 
of Sir John Spenser, and the wife of Sir George Carey, eldest son 
of Henry Lord Hunsdon. Spenser's Charillis, was Anne, the 
fifth daughter of the same person, who had first married William 
Stanley, Lord Monteagle, and secondly, Henry, Lord Compton, 
and was at this time the second wife of Robert Sackville, eldest 
_. son of Thomas, Lord Buckhurst. In the group of court . ladies 

afterwards introduced in this poem, they are thus described : 

“* Ne less praiseworthy are the sisters three, 
“ The honour of the noble family, 
“* Of which I meanest boast my selfe to be, 
** And most that unto them I am so nigh; 


© Phillis, Charillis, and sweet Amarillis : 
** Phillis the fair, is eldest of the three; 
* The next to her is beautiful Charillis ; 
‘* But the youngest is the highest in degree.” 


' After having expatiated in the’ praise of Phyllis and Charillis, 
with whom we are less concerned, the poet adds— . 


‘* But Amaryllis, whether fortunate, 
** Or else unfortunate, may I aread, 
‘* That freed is from Cupid's yoke by fate, 
** Since which she doth new bonds adventure dread. 
“‘ Shepherd, whatever thou hast heard to be 
** In this or that prays’d diversely apart, 
“In her thou mayst them all assembled see, 
** And seald up in the treasure of her heart.” 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 267 


_ doubtedly addressed to the same nobleman, who is 
represented as the second mystical argument of Spen+ 4. 1.4 <y+ 


In his Dedication of The Tears of the Muses to this lady, under 
the title of Lady Strange, he speaks of her and her lord with no 
less admiration and respect: ‘“ Most brave and noble Ladie ; 
The things that make ye so much honored of the world as ye 
bee, are such as without my simple lines’ testimonie are throughlie 
known to all men; namely, your excellent beautie, your virtuous 
behaviour, and your noble match with that most honorable lord, 
the verie pattern of right nobilitie, But the causes of which you 
have deserved of me to be honored, if honour. it be at, all, are 
both your particular dounties, and also some private bands of 
affinitie.” 

“3 This passage, which has hitherto, I believe, escaped notice, 
affords so strong a confirmation of Spenser's eulogy on Ferdinand, 
Earl of Derby, that I shall transcribe it entire. It is found near 
the conclusion of Nashe’s popular tract, entitled Pierce Pennilesse 
his Supplication to the Divell, of which the first edition appeared 
in the autumn of 1592 : 

« But from generall fame, let_ me digres to my private expe- 
rience, and with a tongue unworthie to name a name of such 
worthines, affectionately emblazon to the eyes that wonder, the 
matchless image of honour, and magnificent rewarder of vertue, 
Jove’s eagle-borne Ganimed, thrise noble Amintas: in whose 
high spirit such a deitie of wisdome appereth, that if Homer 
were to write his Odyssea new (where under the person of 
Ulysses he describeth a singular man of perfection, in whome all 
ornaments both of peace and war are assembled in the height of 
their excellence) he need no other instance to augment his con- 
ceipt, than the rare carriage of his honorable minde. Many 
writers and good wits are given to commend their pattons and 
benefactors, some for prowesse, some for policie, others for the 
glorie of.their ancestrie and exceeding bountie and liberalitie ; 
but if my unable pen should ever enterprise such a continuate 
taske of praise, 1 woulde embowell a number of these wind-puft 
bladders, and disfurnish their bald pates, of the periwigs poets have 
lent them; that so I might restore glorie to his right inheritance, 
and these stolen: titles to their true owners: which, if it would so 


‘268 | ‘THE LIFE*OF 


ser’s Redcrosse Knight. Lord Derby perhaps acquired 
the name given him in the! werses :sinhder hour consi- 


fall out ‘(as ‘time maie » worke all things), the aspiring “nettles 
with their shady toppes | shall no longer over-dreep the best 
hearbs, or keep them from the smiling aspect of the Sunn, that 
live and shine by his comfortable beames : none but Desert should 
sit in Fame’s grace: none but Hector be remembered i in. the 
chronicles of prowesse, none but thou, most courteous Amyntas, 
be the second mystical argument of the Knight of fF the Red Crosse. 
© decus atque evi gloria summa tui!) 

_ * And heere, heavenly Spencer, I am most highlie to ‘acuse 
thee of forgetfulnes, that in that honorable catalogue of our 
English heroes, which insueth the conclusion of thy. famous 
Fairie Queene, thou wouldest let so special a piller of | nobilitie 
passe unsaluted. The verie thought of ‘his Sarre-derived. de. 
scent, and extraordinarie parts, wherewith he astonieth the ‘world, 
and draws all hearts to his love, would have inspired thy | fore- 
thy statelie Goddesse; but I, in favour of so rare a scholler, 
suppose with this counsell he refrained his mention in this first 
part, that he might with full saile proceede to his due commen- 
dation in the second. Of this occasion long since I happened to 
frame a sonnet, which being wholie intended to the reverence of 
this renowmed lord (to whom I owe all the utmost powers of my 
love and dutie), I meane here, for varietie of stile to insert: 


‘* Perusing yesterday with idle eyes 

“ The Fairie Singers statelie tuned verse, 
‘* And viewing, after chapmen’s wonted guise 

_** What strange contents the title did rehearse ; 
* I streight leapt over to the latter end, 

‘* Where, like the queint comedians of our time, 

- That when their play is doone, do fall to ryme, 

« I found short lines to sundrie nobles pend ; 
* Whom he as speciall mirrours singled fourth, 

«* To be the patrons of his poetry : 
** T read them all, and reverenc’t their worth; 

** Yet wondred he left out thy me 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 269. 


deration, either from his having written an original 
poem, of which Amyntas was the principal personage *; 
or. from his having been thus denominated in some 
verses written expressly in his praise*, or from his 


; it “ But therefore gest I, he supprest thy name, 
f » Because few words might not compose thy fame.” 


° « Beare with me, gentle poet, though I conceive not aright of 


thy purpose, or be too inquisitive into the intent of thy oblivion : 
for, however my conjecture may miss the cushion, yet shall my , 
speech savour of friendship; though it be not alied to judgement.” 2 meld: 
It is observable that Lord Derby is here denominated the ag 2 ltt 
cond mystical argument of Spenser's Red Cross Knight, as Sir pal ae 
Philip Sidney was undoubtedly intended to be shadowed in his“@—7 -2- FE 
Arthur. All the Knights of the Faery Queen, it is well known, res (lom#. 
had their original in the Court of Elizabeth. Jb ob clas mee 
Mr. Upton supposed that Amintas, mentioned by Spenser in amd Z x4 ae 
his Faery Queen, book iii. c. vi. st. 45, was also the Earl of Derby ;/ Ps ie a efeeted) 
but undoubtedly he was mistaken. The Amintas there alluded 
to, ‘‘ to whom sweet poet's’ verse hath given endless date,” is the 
poetical Amintas of Watson, who, according to him, was turned \ 
into an. Amaranth; and the two poets there complimented were ws Na 
Watson and Fraunce. See p. 253, note +. Naat’ ¢ 
_ 4 Gabriel Harvey; in a manuscript which will be quoted here- SN R 
after, joins the poem of Amyntas with Astrophel. The piece. \,’ ' 
which he has there alluded to, should seem, therefore, to have Ni I Xk 


been an English composition, and perhaps was written by Lord — » 5 afc 
2 x YN a NY 

5 That Spenser sometimes in this manner shadowed real per- . ‘a t 4 
sons under poetical names given them by others, appears from a MRS wal 
passage in his Ruins of Time, 1591: ) i) 1 \ ~ 
“ Therefore in this ‘halfe happie do I read ne s 

Good Melibe, that hath a poet got ASA A 

« To sing his living praises, being dead, ; \ § AN c 

« Deserving never here to be forgot.” Ae : 


Melibe was here intended to designate Sir. Francis. Walsing- ce wy 


having translated either Tasso’s Pastoral , Begins 
or Thomas Watson’s “sugred Amyntas,” as it. 
called by'a writer of that age; an admired Latin 
poem, published in 1585°. x 
This nobleman had long in his service a company 
of comedians, who were known by the appellation of 
the servants of the Lord Strange (the title which he 
bore till within a few months of his death and who 


; wilt 
singham ; and Spenser thus denominates him i in vena of 
( Thomas Watson having published in the preceding year a Latin — 
elegiack poem in honour of his memory, entitled Melibeus.—So, 
Thestylis, whom he has introduced as a shepherd in Colin Clout, 
was certainly meant to represent his friend, Lodowick Bryskett, 
who, a few years before, had written an elegy on the death of 
Sir Philip Sidney, under the title of ‘The Mourning Muse Of | 
Thestylis.” 
- 6 It is highly praised by Nashe in his Epistle sirelioe to 
Green's Arcadia, 1589. This poem, which is in 8vo. contains the 
complaints of Amintas for eleven days after the death of Phillis, 
and is divided into eleven sections, each of which is entitled 
Quetela (Prima, Secunda, &c.) On the eleventh day Amintas 
dies. The only copy of this very rare piece that I have seen, is 
~ Gn the British Museum. In 1587, Abraham Fraunce published a 
translation of it, with the following title: ‘* The Lamentation of 
Amyntas for the Death of Phillis, paraphrastically translated out 
of Latine into English hexameters.”. He also published in 1591, 
‘«‘ The Countess of Pembroke’s Ivy Church, containing the affec- 
tiotiate Life, and unfortunate Death of Phillis and Amyntas, that 
in ‘a pastorall, this in a funeral; both in English hexameters.” 
« An ould facioned love translated from Watson’s Amintas,’” by, 
J. T. was published in 4to, in 1.594, Watson's Latin poem, en- 
titled Aminte Gaudia, was a posthumous production (4to. 1592), 
and is not the “* sugred Amyntas,” praised by Nashe. Watson 
also wrote some English verses, entitled ‘‘ Amintas [lamenting] 
for the Death of his Phillis,” which are preserved i in England's 
Helicon, 4to. 1600. otf 


ah ae tuft fun theory © Atmel, 


pea awe be o) 
LE aD yp OG TG 
Le SLAY. PEP LO eee 47 Cee yppeb 
a 


et 2 oe film ff, el 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 271 


appear to have been held in considerable estimation ; 

being for many years employed to act before the 

Queen, during the festivity of Christmas’. In this 

company the celebrated actor Edward Alleyn, was 

the principal performer. The very high praise given 

‘to Lord Derby, both by Spenser and Nashe, might 

incline us to regret the loss of the greater part of his 

poetical compositions, had not one of his poems, con- 

_ sisting of more than a hundred lines, been preserved °, 

_ which affords abundant proof that the virtues and 
accomplishments of this “ perfect pattern of right 

nobilitie,” aided by the respect belonging to his high 

birth, by his union with a lady to whom Spenser was 

related, and perhaps by personal obligation °, induced 

him to view this nobleman’s poetry with a very fa- 

vourable eye. Had his judgment not been influenced 

by this friendly partiality, either Richard Sackville, 7 .. Layton 
Lord Buckhurst, or Edward, Earl of Oxford ', whose ~?-> “2-77 


jy WEEE we 
Re awte 


7 See the History of the English Stage, in vol. iii, After thea whan 
death of Ferdinand, Earl of Derby, in 1594, the troop of come- <747—~ "~~." 
dians that had been patronized by him, became the servants of ~~ ~~4-~ 
the Lord Admiral, Charles, Earl of Nottingham. o. ewe 3 ze pee 

8 This poem is preserved in The Antiquarian Repertory, vol. iii. oi xh) ye a 
p. 133. It was printed from a manuscript volume belonging to’, ~~", Cee hug) 
Sir John Hawkins, which perished in the fire that consumed ie wearers ae 
house in Queen Square, in the year 1788. The heroine of this ZS. sig a ee 
poem is Phillis, but her lover's name is not mentioned. Some“ ~ L Fat aces 
of his poetry is preserved in a collection entitled “ Belvidere, 
or the Garden of the Muses,” as the editor informs us in his pre- 
face; but the verses in that work being printed without appro- 

. priation to their author, we know not which are Lord Derby's. 

9 See the Dedication of The Tears of the Muses, quoted 
ante, p. 265, n. 2. 

' It is highly probable, that in the selection of some of the poets 


272 THE LIFE OF | 


poetry has much more vigour and elegance than that. 


of Lord Derby, would, perhaps, have been here sub- 
stituted in his room. But the kindness and_grati- 
tude of our’ poet could find no defect in the poetical 
effusions of Stanley, Ralegh, Sidney, or his sister, 
Mary, Countess of Pembroke. In all other respects, 
however, Lord Derby strictly merited the high eu- 
logy with which he. has been honoured. Some of 
his letters have come down to us, which are written 
with perspicuity and spirit; and perhaps some more 
both of his poetry and prose may yet be extant in 


maniscript, or. miscellaneous printed collections, er-- 


roneously attributed to others. But his career. of lite- 


here enumerated and eulogized, Spenser was governed in some 
degree by personal kindness. The principal poets whom he has 


omitted, comprising them under the general words—* All these, - 


and many others moe, remaine,” &c. were, The Earl of Oxford, 
Lord Buckhurst, Sir Edward Dyer, Sir John Harrington, William 


Warner, Henry Constable, Sir John Davys, Michael Drayton, . 


Matthew Roydon, Joshua Sylvester, and George Chapman.— 
( Watson, Turberville, Marlowe, and Greene, were at this time dead, 
and therefore could not, according to his scheme, be introduced, _ 
2 See Lodge’s Illustrations of British History, iii. $7. The 


disagreement between Lord Essex and Lord Derby, which gave - 


rise to the Letters printed by Mr. Lodge, is referred to by Sir 
John Harrington, Nuge Antique, vol.i. p. 114, edit. 1804. 
_ Other letters written by this gentleman are preserved in Peck’s 
Desid. Curios. vol. i. p. 115, 141. 

~ Ferdinand, Earl of Derby, was educated at College, in Cam- 
bridge, and was created Master of Arts at Oxford in Sept. 1589, 
together with Sir George Carew, and Sir John Spenser of Althorp. 
Wood's Ath. Oxon. i. Fast. 138. ‘ 

Chapman, in an Epistle to his friend Matthew Roydon, pre- 

fixed to his poem entitled The Shadow of Night, published in 
1594, thus highly commends this nobleman : 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 273 


raty atid honourable’ exertions lasted not’ long): ‘for 

a short: while before these verses were written, this 
athiable and much respected nobleman died: at the 
age of thirty-seven, in, extreme agony, having. been 
poisoned,, as there are the strongest ertronds for be- 
lieving, by one of his own servants °,,./.... 

But where, it may be asked, among, all sheen dint 
tinguished votaries of the Muses, is Shakspeare 
found ?—He closes the poetical band, obscurely, yet 


unquestionably shadowed in these lines : 
- And thes, though last, not least, is Aetion,— ATE / peonme 
“A gentler shepheatd may no where be found ; er. a 4 


an —_- 


hf Es 
f- in “ Whose Muse, full of high thoughts’ invention 4, 
** Doth, like himself, heroically sound.” 


NL eth bf. 
————— ee 
oH as ibaicivad: this spleen, when I remember, my ae Mat. how 677-5“) “2-7 
joyfully oftentimes you reported unto me, that most ingenious G 
Darbie, deepe-searching Northumberland (Henry, the ninth Earl] £7200. x 
and skill-imbracing heire of Hunsdon [George, afterwards the ware f 
second Lord Hunsdon] had most profitably entertained learning in 
themselves, to the vital warmth of freezing science, and to the 
admirable’ luster of their true nobilitie.” 
“3 Camden; Hist. Eliz. vol. iii. p» 685, edit. Hearne; and 
Collins's Peerage, under the title of Detby. Sir John Harrington 
also alludes to “‘ the hastened fate "of Ferdinand Earl of Derby, 
whonr he styles ‘‘ one of England’s greatest peers.” LEpig. 
book iii. ep. 47. His portrait is yet preserved’at the ancient 
seat of this noble family in Lancashire. 
4 We find a similar.eulogy in Speriser's verses addressed to. his 
’ admired friend Ralégh; at the end of his third book of his ~ 
Queene; 4to. 1590: 
“To thee’ that art the summers nightingale 
“ Thy soveraigne goddesses most deare delight, 
“Why do:I send this rustick madrigale 
“That may thy. turiefull! eare unseason quite ? 
** Then only fit this argument, to write, ° 
* In whose high thoughts Pleasure hath built her boure.” 


VOL, II. T 


274 THE LIFE OF 
“None of the poetical denominations in this list, 
we have already seen, were adopted capriciously, or 
are without meaning. In forming the name by 
ese ye Birent which our great poet is here designated, as in some 
=o % &-*~ others introduced in his Faery Queen*, and else- 
/ 25 where, the author is indebted to the Greek language, 
in the study of which he took great delight °, the 
. word perhaps signifying only what in the preceding 
part of the line had been ‘said in plainer terms’; 
. -or he may have formed this denomination with a re- 
ference to the cause or origin of our poet’s surname, 
to which in the following lines he more openly al- 
= Judes*. It may be conjectured that before this poem 


Yacintiry +2 on oe more of his historical plays,“ probably. King 


| oo Aaa aie Richard the Second and Third. Spenser, therefore, 


beat Mormas 6 ‘ Z ide 
ey CF Laren ett gegen Devinn” LB £ te fae on Oh 
Ck wens Ete sak. Zyr-* POO 7 See, = Ct oL/ wn Sot hgh) 


5 Thus we have Acrates, Panope, Melissa, Philotime, Timias, 
Archimago, Eudoxus, and others of a similar formation. 

In like manner, Sir Philip Sidney, in consequence of his passion 
for Stella, was denominated Astrophi/, which, from some fancy, 
Spenser always wrote Astrophel or Astrofell, but. which, con- 
formably to the etymology, ought certainly to be written 
Astrophil, as Matthew Roydon has written it in his Elegy on 


Sidney. See Appendix. 
he Coys tt St i scaialation of Kxiochels Dialogues, ‘attributed to Plato, by 
: Spenser, was, I believe, published in 1592. re ee 
7 From a priv. and H=SQN or HTLQN or HTTON, infe- 
rior. Perhaps indeed he might have meant that our poet was | 
inferior to none. So, in his Faery Queen, b. iii. c. iii. st.(54; 53. 
<< in that royal hous, 1. 
«< From whence, to none inferior, ye came.” 
8 From airioy, causa : so we have in Latin, AEtiologia, derived in 
4, 4s feo,’ Part from the same Greek root? My former conjecture, however, 
ta cons Jy. 4/** appears to me the more probable of the two. ; 


pom Fh porte 

fim fore 

~ fut ’ae “ ga e 7 

C4  finhutio y (se.s93 f eS ; 

bzFew .f f rae Yi if A eT Th Can re tes 


Liywgh be Bee ZS Lae Ky Anh ote 


aa faut. / : 
ASG ape 6 he AEN fe. 0. 105) boflr-d fh. bn betta 


WILEZAM SHAKSPEARE. - 275 


while he distinguished him by that charaeteristick epi- 
thet which several of his contemporaries have applied 
to, him,—* A gentler shepherd may no where be 
found,” and alluded to the brandished spear from 
which his name, so congenial with heroick song, 
was originally derived °, may be supposed to have had 
in contemplation these imperial tragedies, then per- 
haps performing with applause at the Curtain Theatre, 
as well as his Venus and Adonis, and the newly 
published poem of the Rape of Lucrece, which had 
appeared in the middle of the year 1594, and may, 


_ 9 Fuller, as well as Spenser, alludes to the heroick sound of 
our poet’s name. “ In Shakespeare,” says he (Worthies, Warw. 
p- 126), ‘ three eminent poets may seem in some sort to be 
compounded. 1. Martial; in the warlike sound of his surname, 


whence some may conjecture him of a military extraction, hasti- ° 


vibrans, or Shake-speare.” 
Ben Jonson, in his posthumous verses on our author, has a 
similar allusion to Shakspeare’s name : 
se Look how the father’s face 
* Lives in his issue; even so the grace 
“* Of Shakspeare’s mind and manners brightly shines 
«* In his well-torned and true filed lines ; 
“In each of which he seems to shake a lance, 
** As brandish’d at the eyes of ignorance.” 

See als6Bancroft’ ‘s Epigrams, 4to. 1639, signat. D 2, where 
our poet is ‘thus addressed : 

** Thou hast so used thy pen,/or shook thy speare,/ 
“ That poets startle, not thy wit come near.” 

In a description of two knights tilting, in Spenser's Faery 
Queen, b. iii. c. i. st. 7, we find the component ae of our 
poets name thus heroically introduced : 

** Great shame and sorrow of that fall he tooke, 
** For never yet, sith warlike armes he bore - 

- And shivering speare in bloody field first shook, 
“ He found him selfe dishonored so sore.” 


T 2 


y a8 


I 7G 


276 .THE LIFE OF © 


with perfect propriety, be referred to under the deno- 

mination of heroick verse. In Richard the Second, - 
the ‘challenge of Bolingbroke and the Duke of Nor- 

folk in‘the first act, and the contention in the fourth 

act between the various noble disputants assembled 

in the lists at Coventry, being conducted with all the 

forms and. pomp of chivalry, furnished, doubtless, a 

very splendid spectacle; and indeed the whole drama, 

as well “as that of Richard the Third, doth, like its 

author, “ heroically sound.” 

Let it not, however, be supposed, that Shakspeare 
was lightly estimated by Spenser, because his name 
is last introduced in this list of poetical worthies; for, 
not to insist on the law of heraldry, by which, in all 
processions, the last place is considered the most ho- 
nourable, and always assigned to the person of the 
greatest dignity, we may observe that Nashe, in an 
eulogy on his friend George Peele, whom he pre- 
ferred to all the dramatic writers of the period when 
it was written (1589), introduces his admired and 
favourite poet precisely in the same manner, though 
certainly he intended to represent him as far sur-: 
passing all his contemporaries: “ And for the last, 


a Ac! though not the least of them all’, I dare commend 


f xare. 


p? 


| ae 


« See also Nashe’s Have With You to Saffron Walden, 4to: 
1596, Signat. R. “* Doctors Dove and Clarencius I turne loose 
to bee their owne arbitrators and advocates,....as also in like 
sort, Master Spencer, whom I do not thrust into the lowest place, 
because I make the lowest valuation of, ‘but as we use to sett the 
summ’ tot’ underneath or at the bottom, he being the semm'’ tot! 
of whatsoever can be said of. sharpe invention and schollership.” 

“Though last, not least,” seems to have been a common 

formula in that age ; and is always applied to a person very highly 
valued by the speaker. ‘* Next like an ale-house ruffen, with 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE., Qi7 


him [Peele] unto all that know him, as the chief 
supporter of pleasaunce, now living, the Atlas of 


his dagger he slew the infortunate good King Henry the Sixt in 
the Tower of London. Then heaping murder upon murder, .he 
caused George Duke of Clarence, his natural brother, to be 
drowned in a butte of malmsey; and ast, though not the least, 
to rowle up a number of noble subjectes, ends with the death of 
Edward the Fift, and Richard Duke of Yorke,” &c. 

Again, in the Remembraunce of the woorthie and well imployed 
Life of the Right Honourable Sir Nicholas Bacon, &c. by the 
same author, 4to. [1578]: 

«* The last, but not of worldly evils the least, 
« When we have fed of vaine delights our fill, 
** Death comes in fine—.” 
So, in Kyd’s Spanish Tragedy : 
“ The third and ast, not least in our account,” 
Again, in his Cornelia, 1594: 
__. “ And ast, not least, bereft of my best father.” 
Again, in Sylvester's Dubartas, 4to. 1605, p. 185: 
** Thou Jast, not least, brave eagle, no contempt 
_ * Made me so long thy storie hence exempt.” 
Again, in the old anonymeus play, entitled The History of 
King Leir, 4to. 1605 : 
«to thee last of all, 
“* Not greeted last, ‘cause thy desert is small.” 
Again, in A Woman Will Have her Will, a comedy by William 
o. Houghton, acted in 1598; 
~~ 7 East, yet as great in love, as to the first, 
*¢ If you remember,” &c. 
So, also, our author in his King Lear, 4to. 1608 ; 
 * —— But now, our joy, 
“ Although the last, not least in our dear love.” 
Again, in his Julius Cesar: 
Though Jast, not least in love, yours, good Trebonius.”" 
- Again, in Pattenham’s Arte of Poesie, 1589: “ But Jest in 
recitall and first in degree, the Queen our sovereign ladie, whose 
learned, delicate, noble muse, easilie surmounteth all the rest 
that have written before her time or since, for sense;~sweetnesse, 


278 THE LIFE OF 


poetry, and primus verborum artifex ; whose first 
increase [production], The Arraignment of Paris, 


might plead to your opinions his pregnant dexteritie 


of wit, and manifold variety of invention, wherein, 
me judice, he goeth a step beyond all. that write.” 
Such having been the usage and phraseology of the 
time, no inference can be drawn to the disadvantage 
of Shakspeare, from the last place being allotted to 


him in this poetical catalogue ; which Spenser may. 


have been induced to assign him from. his having 
been the last of the whole band, whose muse had so- 
_ licited the publick favour. Churchyard and Gold- 
ing preceded him many years. Gorges, Peele, Lodge, 
Alabaster, Ralegh, and Lord’ Derby, had .written 


between 1580 and 1590, and Daniel in 1592. . 
Shakspeare’s two poems did not appear till after- - 


wards, the one in 1593, the other in 1594; and the 
historical tragedies already mentioned, it is highly 


probable, were then also first produced, In_ like ° 


manner, our poet’s Cordelia, though, as the youngest 


' daughter, last interrogated concerning her filial af- 


and subtilltie, be it in ode, elegie, epigram, or any other kind of 
poeme, heroick or lyricke, wherein it shall please Her Majestie 
to employ her penne, even by so much oddes as her owne excel- 


lent estate and degree exceedeth all the rest of her most humble - 


vassals.” —[Here we find that Spenser’s Eulogy on Her Majesty's 
poetry, extravagant as it is, was only the ¢ common ee of 
that time.] 

Thus also Webster (though the last, ‘not the least apposite 
authority) in the preface to his White Devil, 1612: “—and 


genk Goo ézc¢.\ lastly, without wrong last to be named, the right happy and copious 


industrie of Master Shake-speare,” &c. 
> Epistle prefixed to Greene's Arcadia, 4to. 1589, 


WILLIAM -‘SHAKSPEARE. 279 


fection, was unquestionably her fond father’s “ joy,” . 
and more beloved by him than either of her sisters, : 
- who, solely on account of their seniority, had been. 

wae addressed. 

_ For. this long, but, I trust not wholly uninterest- 
ing, disquisition, no apology is necessary. Every. 
poetical reader, I. am confident, will be gratified by 
an endeavour to “pluck out the heart of this 
“mystery,” to penetrate the thick “veil of words,” 
under which, for more than two centuries, the cha- 
_raeters and productions of so many ingenious men 
have been concealed; and will feel no less satisfac- 
tio than I have done, on discovering, that, though 


. 3 Shakspeare was not the comick writer eulogized by. 


the author of The ‘Tears of the Muses, at a time 
 wheri his name was scarcely known in the world, he 


iy yet, afterwards, was duly appreciated by his illus- 
 trious and amiable contemporary ; who, in talents iS 5a ree 


‘yirtues, more nearly resembled Shakspeare tl than did 4-<- « oe o 
- any writer of that age; and who, we find, at a very’, ee é 


early period of our great poet’s dramatick life, had = - tye 


a hal wa just sense of his transcendent merits. s Spgs oom 
wf SECTION XIV. Se ee 
Before we proceed to consider Shakspeare in hiss~~~ 7 ipanseg 


sal ‘tigher ‘character of a poet, let us advert to thoseZ. Ce 


seanty portions of information which have come down “X- oo 
tous respecting his merits as an actor, a very infe-.: ap — 
rior capacity certainly, but naturally connected with “2 (“FZ 
his dramatick career. Upon this point I have again> Se 
to quote thé authority of Mr. Aubrey, whose words -“ 

are these: 


'  « Being inclined naturally (says Mr. Aubrey) to 


1 
f 


280 THE LIFE OF 


poetry and acting, he came to London, I guesse about 

eighteen, and was an actor at one of the’playhouses, 
“and did act exceedingly well. Now Ben Jonson 
lever was a good actor, but an excellent instructor.” 

The first observation that I. shall make on ‘this 
account is, that the latter part of it, which informs us 
that Ben Jonson was a bad actor, is incontestably con- 
firmed by one of the comedies of Decker; and there- 
fore, though there were no other evidence, it might be 
plausibly inferred that Mr. Aubrey’s information con- 
cerning our poet’s powers on the stage was not less 
accurate. But in this instance I am not under the 
necessity of resting on such an inference; for I am 
able to produce the testimony of a contemporary in 
support of Shakspeare’s histrionick merit. In the 
preface to a pamphlet entitled Kinde-Hartes Dreame, 
published in December 1592, which I have elsewhere 
had occasion to quote for another purpose, the 
author, Henry ~Chettle, who was himself a dra- 
matick writer, and well acquainted with the principal 
poets and players of the time, thus speaks of ‘Shake 
speare? 

«“ The other®, whom at that time I did not so 
much spare, as since I wish I had, for that as I have 
moderated the hate of living writers, and might have 
‘used my own discretion, (especially in such a case, the 
author [Robert Greene] being dead,) I am as sorry 
as if the original fault had been my fault; because 
my selfe have seen his demeanour no less civil than 
he EXCELLENT in the qualitie he professes, be- 
sides, divers of worship have reported his upright- 


3 That. by the words “ The other,” was meant Shakspeare, 
will be shewn in the Essay on the Order of his plays. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 281 


ness of dealing, which argues his honestie, and his 
facetious grace in writing, that approves his art.” _ 

” 'To those who are not conversant with the language 
of our old writers, it may be proper to observe, that 
the words, “ the quality he professes,” particularly 
denote his profession as an actor. ‘The latter part 
of the paragraph indeed, in which he is praised as a 
good man and an elegant writer, shews this: how- 
ever, the following passage in Stephen Gosson’s 
Schoole of Abuse, 1579, in which the very same words 
oceur, will put this matter beyond a doubt.  Over- 
lashing in apparell (says Gosson) is so common 
a fault, that the verye hyerlings of some of our 
plaiers, which stand at the reversion of vis. by the 
weeke, jet under gentlemen’ s noses in sutes of silke, 
exercising themselves in prating on the stage, and 
common scoffing when they come abrode; where they 
looke askance at every man of whom the sonday be- 
fore they begged an almes. I speak not this as 
though every one that professeth the qualitie, so 
abused him selfe; for it is wel knowen, that some of 
them are sober, discreet, properly learned, honest 
householders, and citizens well thought on amonge 
their neighbours at home, though the pride of their 
shadowes (I meane those hange-byes whome they 
succour with stipend) cause them to bee somewhat 
talked of abrode *.” 

Thus early was Shakspeare celebrated as an actor, 
and thus unfounded was the information which Mr. 


4 {In the margin this cautious puritan adds—‘ Some players 
— modest, if Ibe not deceived.” 


282 THE LIFE OF 


Rowe obtained on this subject. Wright, a more di- 
ligent inquirer, and who had better opportunities of 
gaining theatrical intelligence, had said about ten 
years before, that he had “heard our author was a 
better poet than an actor;” but this description, 
though probably true, may still leave him a consider- 
able portion of merit in the latter capacity: for if the 
various powers and peculiar excellencies of all the 
actors from his time to the present, were united in one 
man, it may well be doubted, whether they would con- 
stitute a performer whose merit should entitle him to 
“ bench by the side” of Shakspeare as a poet. 

A passage indeed in Lodge’s Incarnate Devills of 


the Age, 1596, has been pointed out, as levelled at. 


our poet’s performance of the Ghost in Hamlet. But 
this in my apprehension is a mistake. The ridicule in- 
tended to be conveyed by the passage in question was, 
I have no doubt, aimed at the actor who performed 
the part of the Ghost in some miserable play which 
was produced before Shakspeare commenced either 
actor or writer. That such a play once existed, I 
shall afterwards shew to be highly probable ; and the 
tradition transmitted by Betterton, that our poet’s 
performance of the Ghost in his own Hamlet was his 
chef-d ewvre, adds support to my opinion.| — _ 

That Shakspeare had a perfect knowledge of his 
art, is proved by the instructions which are given to 
the player in Hamlet, and by other passages in his 
works; which, in addition to what I have: already 
stated, incline me to think that the traditional ac- 
count transmitted by Mr. Rowe, relative to his powers 
on the stage, has been too hastily credited. In the 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 283 


_ eelebrated scene between Hamlet and his mother, she 
thus addresses him : 


Save 


P 


««— Alas, how is't with you? 
*« That you do bend your eye on vacancy, 
«* And with the incorporal air do hold discourse ? 


_ “Forth at your eyes your spirits wildly peep ; 


“« And, as the sleeping soldiers in the alarm, 
*© Your bedded hair, like life in excrements, 
** Starts up, and stands on end.—Whereon do you look ? 
** Ham. On him! onhim! look you, how pale he glares ! 
“ His form and cause conjoin'd, preaching to stones, 
«© Would make them capable. Do not look upon me, 
«* Lest with this piteous action, you convert 
** My stern effects : then what I have to do 


© Will want true colour; tears perchance for blood.” 


Can it be imagined that he would have attributed 


these lines to Hamlet, unless he was confident that 


action of the Ghost, which he has so forcibly de- 
scribed ? or that the preceding lines spoken by the 
Queen, and the description of a tragedian in King 
Richard III. could have come from the pen of an or- 


dinary actor ? 


** Rich. Come, cousin, can’st thou quake and change thy 
colour ? 


in his own part he could give efficacy to that piteous 


_  Murther thy breath in middle of a word ? 
_ * And then again begin, and stop again, 


* As if thou wert distraught, and mad with terror 2 
“ Buck. Tut, I can counterfeit the deep tragedian; 

“« Speak, and look big, and pry on every side, 

“ Tremble and start at wagging of a straw, 

* Intending deep suspicion: ghastly looks 

« Are at my service, like enforced smiles ; 


~ “ And both are ready in their offices, 


“-At any time, to grace my stratagems.” 


284 THE LIFE OF 


I donot, however, believe, that our poet played 
| parts of the first rate, though he probably ‘distin- 
guished himself by whatever he performed. If the 
names of the actors prefixed to Every Man in his 
Humour were arranged in the same order as the.per- 
sons of the; drama, he must have represented Old 
Knowell; and if we may give credit to ‘an anecdote 
related in a former page, he was the Adam in his own 
As You Like It. Perhaps he excelled in representing 
old men. The following contemptible lines written 
by a contemporary, about the year 1611, might lead 
us to suppose that he also acted Duncan in. Macbeth, 
and the parts of King Henry the Fourth, and King 
Henry the Sixth : 


«* To our English Terence, Mr. William Shakespeare. 


t 
Ze 


*¢ Some say, good Will, which I in sport do sing, 

** Hadst thou not play’d some kingly parts in apa 
“Thou hadst been a companion for a king, 

“« And been a king among the meaner sort. 
“* Some others raile, but raile as they think fit, 
“Thou hast no railing but a raigning wit : 
“And honesty thou sow’st, which they do-reape, 
** So to increase their stock, which they do keepe.” 

The Scourge of Folly, by John Davies, of Here~ 
ford, no date. 


Another traditionary anecdote, relating to our au- 
thor’s dramatic performances, is thus recorded in the 
MSS. of Mr. Oldys. 

* One of Shakspeare’s younger brothers, who 
lived to a good old age, even some years, as I com- 
pute, after the restoration of King Charles II. would 
in his younger days come to London to visit his 
brother Will, as he called him, and be a spectator of 


3 
Me. fe SE PPG, was 7 ww en Ca kG ka. —y MZ 
ny Se tee LL. anne LY. gee Zed 
Wh  eeassietk a fun te) 5 eaters a i aan AGE: nal, 
LEK ame. 


f 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 285: 


him as an actor in some of his own plays. This 
custom, as his brother’s fame enlarged, and his dra~ 
matick entertainments grew the greatest support of 
our principal, if not of all our theatres, he continued, 
it seems, so long after his brother’s death, as even to 
the latter end of his own life. The curiosity at this 
time of the most noted actors [exciting them] to learn 
something from him of his brother, &. they justly 
held him in the highest veneration. And it may be 
well believed, as there was besides a kinsman and 
descendant of the family, who was then a celebrated 
actor among them, [Charles Hart °. See Shakspeare’s 
Will} this opportunity made them greedily inqui- 
sitive into every little circumstance,. more especially 
in his dramatick character, which his brother could 
relate of him. But he, it seems, was:so stricken in 
years, and possibly his memory so weakened with 
infirmities, (which might make him the easier pass 
for a man of weak intellects), that he could give them 
but little light into their enquiries; and all that 
could be recollected from: him of his: brother Will. 
in that station was, the faint, general, and almost 
lost ideas he had of having once seen him acta part in — 
one of his own comedies, wherein being to personate a 


. 5 —Charles Hart.] Mr. Charles Hart.the player was born, I 
belieye, about the year 1630, and died in or about 1682. If he 
was a grandson of Shakspeare’s sister, he was probably the son 
of Michael Hart, her. youngest son, of whose marriageor death 
there is no account in the parish register of Stratford, and 
therefore I suspect he settled in London. 

(Charles Hart died in August, 1683, and was buried at Stan- 


- more.the 20th of that month. Lysons's Environs of London, 


| vol. fii, p. 400. Reep.] 


fu ofr 


/ 
/ 


Re ii 


md 


286 THE LIFE OF 


decrepit old man, he wore a long beard, and appeared 
so weak and drooping and unable to walk, that he 
was forced to be supported and carried by another 
person to a table, at which he was seated among some 
company, who were eating, and one of them sung a 
song.” See the character of Adam, in As You Like 
It, Act II. Se. ult. 

Mr. Oldys seems to have studied the art of  mar- 
ring a plain tale in the telling of it;” for he has in 
this story introduced circumstances which tend to 
diminish, instead of adding to, its credibility. Male 
dum recitas, incipit esse tuus. From Shakspeare’s 
not taking notice of any of his brothers or sisters in 
his will, except Joan Hart, I think it highly probable 
that they were all dead in 1616, except her, at least 
all those of the whole blood; though in. the register 
there is no entry of the burial of his brother Gilbert, 
antecedent to the death of Shakspeare, or at any 
subsequent period; but we know that he survived 
his brother Edmund. 

The truth is, that this account of our poet’s having 
performed the part of an old man in one of his own 
comedies, came originally from Mr. Thomas Jones, of 
Tarbick, in Worcestershire, who has been already 
mentioned (see p. 138), and who related it from 
the information, not of one of Shakspeare’s brothers, 
but of a relation of our poet, who lived to a good 
old age, and who had seen him act in his youth. Mr. 
Jones’s informer might have been Mr. Richard 
Quiney, who lived in London, and died at Stratford 
in 1656, at the age of 69; or Mr. Thomas Quiney, 
our poet's son-in-law, who lived, I believe, till 1663, 


7 


RS 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 287 


and was twenty-seven years old when his father-ine~ whe Khe 
law died’ or some one of the family of Hathaway. 77=~7 re 
Mr. Thomas Hathaway, I believe Shakspeare’s bro- 7 a ie oo 


ther-in-law, died at Stratford in 1654-5, at th aS ee ae 
of 88 85. ler Rm 
Bariny 


“There was a Thomas Jones, an inhabitant of 4 wen, 
ye a fa Z y 
Stratford, who between the years 1581 and 1590 had 7: a i fo oh. 
four sons, Henry, James, Edmund, and Isaac: some ry ZZ i 
one of these, it is probable, settled at Tarbick, and “% 7~- <<'- 
was the father of Thomas Jones, the relater of hiss, a 2 rae 
anecdote, who was born about the year 1613. Ags Aa Laps 
If any of Shakspeare’s brothers lived till after the < age for 
Restoration, and visited the players, why were we “*~ ~7" ‘~~ 
not informed to what player he related it, and from 
what player Mr. Oldys had his account? The fact, 
I believe, is, he had it not from a player, but from 
the above-mentioned Mr. Jones, who likewise com- 
municated the stanza of the ballad on Sir Thomas 
Lucy, which has been printed in a former page. 


288 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


SECTION XV. 
_—_] 
AN 


ATTEMPT. 


TO ASCERTAIN 


THE ORDER 


IN WHICH 


THE PLAYS OF SHAKSPEARE. 


WERE WRITTEN*. 
— 


-—— Primusque per avia campi 

Usque procul (necdum totas lux moverat umbras), 
Nescio quid visu dubium, incertumque moveri, 
Corporaque ire videt. Srarius. 


Trattando i’ombre come cosa salda. Dante. 


ee = 


Every circumstance that relates to those persons 
whose writings we admire, awakens and interests our 
curiosity. ‘The time and place of their birth, their 
education and gradual attainments, the dates of their 
productions and the reception they severally met with, 
their habits of life, their private friendships, and even 
their external form, are all points, which, how little 


6 The first edition of this Essay was published in January, 
1778. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 289 


soever they may have been adverted to by their con- 
temporaries, strongly engage the attention of pos- 
terity. Not satisfied with receiving the aggregated 
wisdom of ages as a free gift, we visit the mansions 
where our instructors are said to have resided, we 
contemplate with pleasure the trees under whose 
shade they once reposed, and wish to see and to 
converse with those sages, whose labours have added 
strength to virtue, and efficacy to truth. 

Shakspeare, above all writers, since the days of 
Homer, has excited this curiosity in the highest 
degree; as perhaps no poet of any nation was ever 
more idolized by his countrymen. An ardent desire 
to understand and explain his works, is, to the honour 
of the present age, so much increased within the last 
forty years, that more has been done-towards their 
elucidation, during that period’, than in a century 
before. All the ancient copies of his plays, hitherto 
discovered, have been collated with the most scru- 
pulous accuracy. ‘The meanest books have been care- 
fully examined, only because they were of the age in 
which he lived, and might happily throw a light on 
some forgotten custom, or obsolete phraseology : and, 
this object being still kept in view, the toil of wading 
through all such reading as was never read has been 
cheerfully endured, because no labour was thought 
too great, that might enable us to add one new laurel 
to the father of our drama. Almost every circum- 
stance that tradition or history has preserved relative 


7 Within the period here mentioned, the commentaries of 
Warburton, Edwards, Heath, Johnson, Tyrwhitt, Farmer, and 
Steevens, have been published. 
VOL. II. U 


290 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


to him or his works, has been investigated, and laid 
before the publick ; and the avidity with which all 
communications of this kind have been received, suffi- 
ciently proves that the time expended in the pursuit 
has not been wholly misemployed. 

However, after the most diligent inquiries, very 
few particulars have been recovered, respecting his 
private life or literary history: and while it has been 
the endeavour of all his editors and commentators to 
illustrate his obscurities, aud to regulate and correct 
his text, no attempt has been made to trace the pro- 
gress and order of his plays. Yet surely it is no in- 
curious speculation to mark the gradations ° by which 


6 It is not pretended that a regular scale of gradual improve- 
ment is here presented to the publick ; or that, if even Shak- 
speare himself had left us a chronological list of his dramas, it 
would exhibit such a scale. All that is  meant.is, that, as his 
knowledge increased, and as he became more conversant with the 
stage and with life, his performances in general were written 
more happily and with greater art; or (to use the words of Dr. 
Johnson) ‘‘ that however favoured by nature, he could-only im- 
part what he had learned, and as he must increase his ideas, like 
other mortals, ‘by gradual acquisition, he, like them, grew wiser, 
as he grew older, could display life better as: he knew it more, 
and instruct with more efficacy, as he was himself more amply in- 
structed.” Of this opinion also was Mr. Pope. “ It must be 
observed (says he), that when his performances had merited the 
protection of his prince, and when the encouragement of the 
court had succeeded to that of the town, the works of his riper 
years are manifestly raised above those of the former.—And I 
make no doubt that this observation would be found true in every 
instance, were but editions extant from which we might learn the 
exact time when every piece was composed, and whether writ for 
the town or the court."—From the following lines it appears, 
that Dryden also thought that our author's most mneeto gays 
were his earliest dramatick compositions : 


_ 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 291 


he rose from mediocrity to the summit of excellence ; 
from artless and sometimes uninteresting dialogues, 
to those unparalleled compositions, which have ren- 
dered him the delight and wonder of successive ages. 

The materials for ascertaining the order in which 
his plays were written, are indeed so few, that, it is 
to be feared, nothing very decisive can be produced 


‘* Your Ben and Fletcher in their first young flight, 
*« Did no Volpone, no Arbaces write : 
“ But hopp’d about, and short excursions made 
-“ From bough to bough, as if they were afraid ; 
~ * And each were guilty of some Slighted Maid. 
**Shakspeare’s own muse his Pericles first bore ; 
‘* The Prince of Tyre was elder than the Moor : 
*©°Tis miracle to see a first good play ; 
* All hawthorns do not bloom on Christmas-day. 
** A slender poet must have time to grow, 
' * And spread and burnish, as his brothers do : 
** Who still looks lean, sure with some p— is curst, 
‘* But no man can be Falstaff fat at first.” 
Prologue to the tragedy of Circe. 
The plays which Shakspeare produced before the year 1600, 
are known, and are seventeen or eighteen in number. The rest 
of his dramas, we may conclude, were composed between that 
year and the time of his retiring to the country. It is incumbent 
on those, who differ in opinion from the great authorities above- 
mentioned,—who think with Rowe, that “‘we are not to look 
for his beginnings in his least perfect works,” it is incumbent, I 
say, on those persons, to enumerate in the former class, that is, 
among the plays produced before 1600, compositions of equal 
merit with Othello, King Lear, Macbeth, The Tempest, and 
Twelfth-Night, which we have reason to believe were all written 
in the latter period; and among his late performances, that is, 
among thé plays that are supposed to have appeared after the 
year 1600, to point out pieces, as hasty and indigested, as Love's 
Labour's Lost, The Comedy of Errors, and The Two Gentlemen 
of Verona, which, we know, were among his earlier works. 
u_2 


292 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


on this subject. In the following attempt to trace the 
progress of his dramatick art, probability alone is pre- 
tended to. The silence and inaccuracy of those per- 
sons, who, after his death, had the revisal of his 
papers, will perhaps for ever prevent our attaining 
to any thing like proof on this head. Little then 
remains, but to collect into one view, from his several 
dramas, and from the ancient tracts in which they 
are mentioned, or alluded to, all the circumstances 
that can throw any light on this new and curious in- 
quiry. From those circumstances, and from the 
entries in the books of the Stationers’ Company, ex- 
tracted and published by Mr. Steevens (to whom 
every admirer of Shakspeare has the highest obliga- 
tions), it is probable that our author’s plays were 
written nearly in the following succession ; which, 
though it cannot at this day be ascertained to be their 
true order, may yet be considered as approaching 
nearer to it, than any which has been observed in the 
various editions of his works. 

Of the twenty-one plays which were not printed 
in our author’s life-time’, the majority were, I be- 


7 They are King Henry VI. Part I, The Second and Third 
Parts of King Henry VI. (as he wrote them) The Comedy of 
Errors, The Taming of the Shrew, The Two Gentlemen of 
Verona, King John, All's Well that Ends Well, As You Like It, 
King Henry VIII. Measure for Measure, The Winter's Tale, 
Cymbeline, Macbeth, Julius Cesar, Antony and Cleopatra, 
Timon of Athens, Coriolanus, Othello, The Tempest, and. 
Twelfth-Night. None of these, except Othello, were printed in 
quarto, but appeared first in the folio edition published by 
Heminge and Condell, in 1623. Of these plays, seven, viz. The 
First Part of King Henry VI. (allowing that play to be Shak- 


a 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 293 


lieve, late compositions *. The following arrange- 
ment is in some measure formed on this notion. ‘Two 
reasons may be assigned, why Shakspeare’s late per- 
formances were not published till after his death. 
1. If we suppose him to have written for the stage 
during a period of twenty years, those pieces which 
were produced in the latter part of that period were 
less likely to pass through the press in his life-time, 
as the curiosity of the publick had not been so long 
engaged by them, as by his early compositions. 
2. From the time that Shakspeare had the superin- 
tendance of a playhouse, that is, from the year 1603 °, 


speare’s), The Second and Third Parts of King Henry VI. King 
John, The Comedy of Errors, The Taming of the Shrew, and 
The Two Gentlemen of Verona, were certainly early compositions, 
and are an exception to the general truth of this observation, 
One other, viz. All's Well that Ends Well, though supposed to 
have been an early production, was, it must be acknowledged, 
not published in Shakspeare’s life-time; but for the date of this 
play we rely only on conjecture. 

8 This supposition is strongly confirmed by Meres’s list of our 
author's plays, in 1598. From that list, and from other cireum- 
stances, we learn, that of the fourteen plays which were printed 
in Shakspeare’s life-time, thirteen were written before the end of 
the year 1600. The fourteen plays published in our author's 
life-time, are—A Midsummer-Night’s Dream, Love's Labour's 
Lost, Romeo and Juliet, Hamlet, King Richard II. King 
Richard Il]. The First Part of King Henry IV. The Second Part 
of King Henry IV. The Merchant of Venice, King Henry V. 
Much Ado about Nothing, The Merry Wives of Windsor, Troilus 
and Cressida, ‘and King Lear. 

9 None of the plays which in the ensuing list are supposed to 
have been written subsequently to this year, were printed till 
after the author's death, except King Lear, the publication of 
which was probably hastened by that of the old play with the 


294: LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


when he and several others obtained a licence from _ 
King James to exhibit comedies, tragedies, histories, 
&c. at the Globe Theatre, and elsewhere, it became 
strongly his interest to preserve those pieces unpub- 
lished, which were composed between that year and 
the time of his retiring to the country ; manuscript 
plays being then the great support of every theatre. 
Nor were the plays which he wrote after he became 
a manager, so likely to get abroad, being confined to 
his own theatre, as his former productions, which 
perhaps had been acted on different stages, and of 
consequence afforded the players at the several houses 
where they were exhibited, an easy opportunity of 
making out copies from the separate parts transcribed 
for their use, and of selling such copies to printers; 
by which means there is reason to believe that some 
of them were submitted to the press, without the 
consent of the author.  ~ 
The following is the order in which I suppose the 
Dian A. B lays of Shakspeare to have been written, including, 
<5 eclnn2—- for the sake of the discussion connected with it, the 
first part of Henry the VI. which I believe to be the 
composition of another writer. 


same title, in 1605.—The copy of Troilus and Cressida, which 
seems to have been composed the year before King James 
granted a licence to the company at the Globe Theatre, appears 
to have been obtained by some uncommon artifice. ‘‘ Thank 
fortune (says the editor) for the scape it hath made amongst you; 
since, by the grand possessors’ wills, I believe, you should have 
pray'd for them [r. it] rather than been pray’d.”—By the grand 
possessors, Shakspeare and the other managers of the Globe 
Theatre, were certainly intended, 


_ 


F 


fer lawtmres Lit Cong.t Gomer An f 41 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. — 296 
1. First Part of King Henry VI. ........ 1589 ts F We 
2. Second Part of King Henry VI. ....... 1591 
3. Third Part of King Henry VI. ....... 1591 
4. Two Gentlemen of Verona........ ae ees 
5. Comedy of Errors ....... ete speisio ea « 1592 
6. King Richard the Second ........... - 1593 
7. King Richard the Third. ............ 1593 
_ 8. Love’s Labour’s Lost .......... spk A 1594 
"9. Merchant of Venice ............ .--. 1594 
10. Midsummer-Night’s Dream .......... 1594 
11. Taming of the Shrew*........... Ye 159621, Chon 
12. Romeo and Juliet..... Sekdchem beettihes auch aaa 1596 
13. First Part of King Henry IV......... 1597 Mis eke. 9? 
14. Second Part of King Henry IV. ...... 15 pogo” 
Meera ye ONL LARC TL. < o.0.5's ies claw roves oan +. 1599 
MI, EXOT YG Vo oo a. 0:9. 0 0'o visit tieceeah gic 1599 
17. Much Ado About Nothing. .......... 1600 
RIM ss 0 og o's'e t's 0s 20K AALS <n hehe) LOO 
19. Merry Wives of Windsor ............ 1601 
20. Troilus and Cressida ..........2e000. 1602 
21. Measure for Measure ..........+.2..4-- 1603 
MTR TAD. vcs ay cas ges amnep «+++. 1603 
23. Othello...... rier aig, Y oth OE ae 1604 
ERT i csc css cocccpscce veces 1605 
25. All’s Well That Ends Well .......... 1606. 
Eee tac eco ee teeta ee 1606 1 
MMs Dertr kw ec et tee cere te ce 1607'' + /%- 
98. Twelfth Night .......cescesceuves . 1607 
29. Antony and Cleopatra. eee wowrnidwedovs 1608 
SOP Oyinbeline ee iE I oa 1609 
31. Coriolanus ..... deen tise sttaate e Prats 1610 


pene OF AALNONS ince er cacasces 1610 


296. LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


33. Winter's Tale. .....:.- sistth ito ideGhatees IBM: 
$4: Tempest: ..0 200.0 000. wi ode bape 


— — 


1. The First Part of King Henry VT. 1589. 


In what year our author began to write for the 
stage, or which was his first performance, has not 
been hitherto ascertained. And indeed we have so 
few lights to direct our enquiries, that. any speculation 
on this subject may appear an idle expence of time. 
But the method which has been already marked out, 
requires that such. facts should be mentioned, as may 
serve in any manner to elucidate these points. 

Shakspeare was born on the 23d of April, 1564, 
a eng ~ and was probably married in, or before, September, 

1582, his eldest daughter, Susanna, having been 
baptized on the 26th of May, 1583. At what time 
he left Warwickshire, or was first employed in the 
playhouse, tradition does not inform us. However, 
as his son Hamnet and his daughter Judith were 
baptized at Stratford, Feb. 2, 1584-5, we may pre- 
sume that he had not left the country at that time. 
He could not have wanted an easy introduction to 
the theatre; for Thomas Greene’, a celebrated co- 


* «« There was not (says Heywood, in his preface to Greene's 
(604 ‘Tu Quoque;“ a comedy, a an actor of his nature in his time, of 
~~" better ability in the performance of what he undertook, more ap- 
4. 22-4.  Pplauded by the audience, of greater grace at the court, or of more 
_¢ ©": general love in the city.” The birth-place of Thomas Greene is 
ascertained by the following lines, which he speaks in one of the 
forty A C13: old comedies, in the character of a clown: 
‘| pratled poesie in my nurse’s arms, 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 297 
median was his townsman, perhaps his relation, and 
Michael Drayton was likewise born in Warwickshire; 
the latter was nearly of his own age, and both were 
in some degree of reputation soon after the year 


_ And, born where late our swan of Avon’sung, Art.f. Mix of 
_ * In Avon’s streams we both of us have lay'd, pagan? we a 
“« And both came out together *.” Pe 3 att 


Chetwood, in his British Theatre, quotes this passage from. iin? 


comedy of the Two Maids of Moreclack ; but no such passage We ad on 


there to be found. He deserves but little credit, having cer- 4... « oo 
tainly forged many of his dates; however, he probably met with “0-7-7077 
these lines in some ancient play, though he forgot the name of, ~*~“ 


the piece from which he transcribed them. Greene was a writer Faup petit: ann % 


as well as an actor. There are some verses of his prefixed to a 


~ collection of Drayton’s poems, published in the year 1613. In Neate Ak agree” 


the register of the parish of Stratford, Thomas Greene, alias’ ...2~z¢" 
Shax axpere, is said to have been buried there, March 6, 1589. He ety ae 7 
on. f-i- 


“might have been the actor's father. Bag. Ste Tat tite. 
te RE la conti ar 


A veaof 

* The turn of these lines is apparently borrowed from a pas- 
sage in Milton’s Lycidas. See v. 23, et seg. The whole is a 
forgery by Chetwood. Srervens. 

I cannot think this probable. Chetwood was not likely to have 
been a writer of verses; nor can I see much resemblance between 
these lines and those referred to in Lycidas. That the reader 
may form his own judgment on this point, I shall quote the 
passage from Milton: 

* For we were nurs’d upon the self same hill, 
** Fed the same flock by fountain, shade, and rill. 
“« Together both, ere the high lawns appear’d 
** Under the opening eye-lids of the morn, 

»  * Wedrove a-field, and both together heard 
*« What time the gray-fly winds her sultry horn, te 
“* Battening our flocks with the fresh dews of night, 
“ Oft till the star, that rose, at evening bright, 

“* Toward Heaven's descent had slop’d his westering wheel.” 

me, BoswELt. 


x ; 
Ka pofinge 4 Att fk fn ve 
Ce Pha ce “Crerrs ABE ES tants ti 
a ot {iz Tee, LK act rin 4 DAS Lange 
ee pe an Coe / WALLe Sw eras Net ee a 


e 
‘ Ent— > Kad ti "=e z ae 3./ i ad 
<< “a4 om “ter f 2 p3/A Ane 


298 LIFE OF -SHAKSPEARE., 


1590. If I were to indulge a conjecture, I should 
name the year 1591, as the era when our author com- 
menced a writer for the stage; at which time he was 
somewhat more than twenty-seven years old. The 
reasons that induce me to fix on that period are these. 
In Webbe’s Discourse of English Poetry, published 
in 1586, we meet with the names of most of the 
celebrated poets of that time; particularly those of 
George Whetstone? and Anthony Munday’, who 


2 The author of Promos and Cassandra, a play which furnished 
Shakspeare with the fable of Measure for Measure. 

3 This poet is mentioned by Meres, in his Wit's Treasury, 1598, 
as an eminent comick writer, and the dest plotter of his time. He’ 
seems to have been introduced under the name of Don Antonio 
Balladino, in a comedy that has been attributed to Ben Jonson, 
called The Case is Altered, and from the following passages in 
that piece appears to have been city-poet ; whose business it was 
to compose an annual panegyrick on the Lord Mayor, and. to 
write verses for the pageants; an office which has been discon- 
tinued since the death of Elkanah Settle in 1722: 

** Onion. Shall I request your name? 

** Ant. My name is Antonio Balladino. 

“ Oni, Balladino! You are not pageant-poet to the city of 
Milan, sir, are you ? 

“ Ant. I supply the place, sir, when a worse cannot be had, 
sir.—Did you see the last pageant I set forth ?” 

Afterwards Antonio, speaking of the plays he had written, says: 

“* Let me have good ground,—no matter for the pen; the plot 
shall carry it. 

‘* Oni. Indeed that's right ; you are in print already for Tue 
BEST PLOTTER. 

“* Ant. Ay, I might as well have been put in for a dumb-shew 
too.” 

It is evident, that this poet is here intended to be ridiculed by 
Ben Jonson : but he might, notwithstanding, have been deservedly 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 299 


were dramatick writers; but we find no trace of our 
author, or of any of his works. ‘Three years after- 
wards, Puttenham printed his Art of English Poesy ; 
and in that work also we look in vain for the name of 
Shakspeare*. Sir John Harrington, in his Apologie 
for Poetrie, prefixed to the Translation of Ariosto 
(which was entered in the Stationers’ books Feb. 26, 
1590-1, in which year it was published), takes occasion 
to speak of the theatre, and mentions some of the 
celebrated dramas of that time; but says not a word 
of Shakspeare, or of his plays. If any of his dra- 
matick compositions had then appeared, is it imagi- 
nable, that Harrington should have mentioned the 
: Cambridge Pedantius, and The Play of the Cards, 
which last, he tells us, was a Londen [i. e. an English] 2. -+.7.7¢~- 
comedy, and have passed by, unnoticed, the new pro- 
digy of the dramatick world ? 
Sir Philip Sidney, in his Defence of Poesie, speaks 
at some length of the low state of dramatick lite- 


eminent, That malignity which endeavoured to tear a wreath 
from the brow of Shakspeare, would certainly not spare inferior 
writers. 

# The thirty-first chapter of the first book of Puttenham’s Art of 
English Poesy is thus entitled: ‘‘ Who in any age have bene the 
most commended writers in our English Poesie, and the author's 
censure given upon them.” 

After having enumerated several authors who were then ce- 
lebrated for various kinds of composition, he gives this succinct 
account of those who had written for the stage: ** Of the latter 
sort I thinke thus;—that for tragedie, the Lord Buckhurst and 
Maister Edward Ferrys, for such doings as I have sene of theirs, 
do deserve the hyest price; the Earl of Oxford and Maister 
Edwardes of her Majestie’s Chappell, for comedie and enterlude.” 


pa 


ez: rN 


300 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


rature at the time he composed this treatise ; but has 
not the slightest allusion to Shakspeare, whose plays, 
had they then appeared, would doubtless have rescued 
the English stage from the contempt which is thrown 
upon it by this accomplished writer, and to which it 
was justly exposed by the wretched compositions of 
those who preceded our poet. The Defence of 
Poesie was not published till 1595; but must have 
been written some years before; as it is referred to by 
Sir John Harrington, in 1591, in the essay already 
mentioned. Sir Philip allows no merit to any of our 
plays, excepting Gorboduck alone: “ Our Tragedies 
and Comedies, not without cause cried out against, 
obseruing rules neither of honest ciuilitie, nor skilfull 
Poetrie. Excepting Gorboduck (againe I say of 
those that I haue seene) which notwithstanding, as it 
is full of stately speeches, and well sounding phrases, 
climing to the height of Seneca his stile, and as full 
of notable moralitie, which it doth most delightfully 
teach, and so obtaine the verie end of Poesie: Yet in 
truth, it is verie defectious in the circumstances, 
which grieues me, because it might not remaine as an 
exact modell of all Tragedies. For it is faultie both 
in place and time, the two necessarie companions of 
all corporall actions. For where the Stage should 
alway represent but one place; and the vttermost 
time pre-supposed in it, should be both by Aristotles 
precept, and common reason, but one day; there is 
both many dayes and many places, inartificially 
imagined. But if it be so in Gorboducke, how much 
more in all the rest?” After ridiculing the extrava- 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 301 


gance of the English dramatists, in their total 
neglect of the unities of time and place, the neces- 
sity of which Sidney, as a scholar, strenuously main- 
tains, he proceeds to declaim against their mongrell 
Tragicomedie, and the low buffoonery in which 
they indulged: “But I speake to this purpose, _ 
that all the end of the comicall part, be not vpon 
such scornful matters as stir laughter only, but 
mixe with it that delightfull teaching, which is the 
end of Poesie. And the great fault euen in that 
point of laughter, and forbidden plainly by Aristotle, 
is, that they stir laughter in sinfull things, vvhich 
are rather execrable then ridiculous: or in miseralbe, «£4. 
which are rather to be pittied then scorned. For 
what is it to make folkes gape at a wretched begger, 
and a beggerly Clowne: or against law of hospitalitie, 
toiest at strangers, because they speak not English 
so well as we do? What do we learn, since, it is 
certain, ‘ Nil habet infcelix paupertas durius in se, 
Quam quod ridiculos homines facit.’- But rather a 
-busie louing Courtier, and a heartlesse threatning 
Thraso; a selfe-wise seeming schoolemaster; a wrie 
transformed Trauailer: these if we saw walke in 
stage names, which we play naturally, therein were 
delightfull laughter, and teaching delightfulnesse, as 
in the other the Tragedies of Buchanan do iustly 
bring forth a diuine admiration. But I haue lauished 
out too many words of this play-matter; I do it, 
because ‘as they are excelling parts of Poesie, so is 
there none so much vsed in England, and none can be 
more pittifully abused ; which like an onmannerly 


302 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


daughter, shewing a bad education, causeth her 
mother Poesies honesty to be called in question.” It 
is impossible to believe that our great poet erate be 
included in this censure. 

But whatever grounds we may have for thinking 
that none of his plays had appeared before 1591, it 
is certain that Shakspeare had commenced a writer 
for the stage, and had even excited the jealousy 
of his contemporaries, before September, 1592. This 
is now decisively proved by a passage extracted by 
Mr. Tyrwhitt from Robert Greene’s Groatsworth of 
Witte bought with a Million of Repentance, in 
which there is an evident allusion to our author's 

name, as well as to a line in The Second Part of 
King Henry VI. 

This tract was published at the dying request of 
Robert Greene, a very voluminous writer of that 
time. The conclusion of it, as Mr. Tyrwhitt has 

Lo 4ff-u,~ Observed, is “ an address to his brother poets to 

| rma dissuade them from writing for the stage, on account 
of the ill treatment which they were used to receive 
from the players.” It begins thus: “ To those gen- 
tlemen his quondam acquaintance that spend their 
wits in making playes, R. G. wisheth a better 
exercise, and wisdome to prevent his extremities.” 
His first address is undoubtedly to Christopher Mar- 
lowe, the most popular and admired dramatick poet 
“of that age, previous to the appearance of Shakspeare, 
“ Wonder not,” (says Greene,) “ for with thee will 
I first begin, thou famous gracer of tragedians, that 
Greene (who hath said with thee, like the foole in 


| aii 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 303 


his heart, there is no God), should now give glory 
unto his greatness ; for penetrating is his power, his. 
hand is heavy upon me; &. Why should thy ex- 
cellent wit, his gift, be so blinded, that thou should z 
give no glory to the giver ?—The brother [f. bréa-7 “7/0/* 7 
ther] of this diabolical atheism is dead; and in his 2... < * 
life had never the felicitie he aimed at: but as he 
beganne in craft, lived in feare, and ended in de- 
spair. And wilt thou, my friend, be his disciple? 
—Looke unto me, by him persuaded to that libertie, 
and thou shalt find it an infernal bondage.” 

Greene’s next address appears to be made to aoe Ban hm 
Thomas Lodge. “ With thee I joyne young Juve-* fis, we = ie 


nall, that byting satirist, that lastly with mee toge/./<—~ 5 ig? Fe 
ther writ a comedie. Sweet boy, might I advise epee: 


wh Yr~ he C 


thee, be advised, and get not many enemies by =~ A eel 
bitter words: inveigh against vaine men, for thou <= = te Bat4 & hu 
canst do it, no man better, no man so well: thou“; gba 
hast libertie to reprove all, and name none. Stops 7 a 
shallow water still running, it will rage; tread on até 777 rae ee 
worme, and it will turn; then blame not schollers, Rac ge) EF 
who are vexed with sharp and bitter lines, if they 2-2 7, (376; 
reproove too much libertie of reproof.” 

George Peele, as Mr. Tyrwhitt has remarked, is 
next addressed. “And thou no lesse deserving than Zu. Zac 
the other two, in some things rarer, in nothing in- per ewe a 
ferior, driven, as my ymy selfe, to extreame shifts, a little 27. “4277 x 
have I to say to thee: and were it not an idolatrous 2° >2- ae 
oath, I would sweare by sweet S. George, thou art 
unworthy better hap, sith thou dependest on so meane 


a stay. Base-minded men all three of you, if by my 


304 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


misery you be not warned: for unto none of you, like 
ncenay C@, me, sought those burs to cleave; those puppets, I 
22 2F zeae, that speake from our mouths; those anticks 
225" garnisht in our colours. Is it not strange that I, to 
whom they all have bin beholding, is it not like that 
you, to whom they all have been beholding, shall 
< c-e tu.1s,. (Were yee in that case that I am now) be be both of thent 
in? Alen. at once forsaken? Yes, trust them not, for there is 

an upstart crow beautified with our feathers, that 
b fhm Of 299 with his ¢ygres heart wrapt in a players hide, sup- 
Lage poses hee is as well able to bombaste out a blanke verse 
z as the best of you; and being an absolute Johannes 
Sac-totum, i is in his own conceit the only Shake-scene, 
/ in a countrey. O that I might intreat your rare 
“Anz? 20°. wittes to be employed in more profitable courses; and 
let these apes imitate your past excellence, and never 
more acquaynte them with your admired inventions.” 

This tract appears to have been written by Greene — 

not long before his death; for near the conclusion he 

says, “ Albeit weakness will scarce suffer me to 
apes write, yet to my fellow-scollers about this city will 
(ia+p—~--<] direct these few insuing lines.” He died, accord- 


Vo Cacwnene 


vA EL ping to Dr. Gabriel Harvey's account, on the third of 


mene 


a7. “<<. September, 1592 °. 
© eentw Le mei 


<%= Ihave already quoted a very scarce pamphlet en- 
titled Kind Hart’s Dreame, written by Henry Chettle,. 
from the preface to which it appears that he was the 
editor of Green’s Groatsworth of Wit, and that it was 
published between September and December, 1592.°. 


5 Additions by Oldys to Winstanley’s Lives of the Poets, MS. 
® Probably in October, for on the Stationers’ books I find The 


ail 


Daf Meorn eel 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 305 


Our poet, we find, was not without reason displeased 
‘at the preceding allusion to him. As what Chettle 
says of him, corresponds with the character which all 
-his contemporaries have given him, and the piece is 
extremely rare, I shall extract from the address to the 
Gentlemen Readers, what relates to the subject be- 
fore us : 

' “ About three months since died M. Robert 
Greene, leaving many papers in sundry booksellers’ 
hands, among others, his Groatsworth of Wit, in 


which a letter written to divers play-makers is offen- 2x. . 


sively by one or two of them taken ; and because on 
the dead they cannot be revenged, they wilfully forge 
in their conceites a living author: and after tossing 
it to and fro, no remedy but it must light on me. 
How I have, all the time of my conversing in printing, 
hindered the bitter inveighing against schollers, it 
hath been very well known; and how in that I dealt, 
I can sufficiently prove. With neither of them that 
take offence was I acquainted, and with one of them 
[Marlowe] I care not if I never be. ‘The other 
[Shakspear], whom at that time I did not so much 
‘spare, as since I wish I had, for that as I have mo- 
-derated the hate of living writers, and might have 
used my own discretion, (especially in such a case, the 
author being dead,) that I did not, I am as sorry as 
if the original fault had been my fault; because my 
_ selfe have seen his demeanour no less civil than he 


; Repentaunce of Robert Greene, Master of Arts, entered by John 
r Danter, Oct. 6, 1592. The full title of Greene’s pamphlet is, 
“Greene’s Groatsworth of Wit bought with a Million of Re- 
-pentance.” 


’ VOL, II. 24 x 


o Lay fur Kars 


306 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


Gece ewcellent in the qualitie he professes: Besides, di- 
Fo Sie as OOPS. of worship have reported his uprightness of 
— ener #=, dealing, which argues his honestie, and his facetious 
£5 > grace in writing, that approves his art.~ For the 


aS gp “== first, whose learning I reverence, and at the perusing 
of Greene’s booke, strooke out what then in conscience 
I thought he in some displeasure writ; or had it been 
true, yet to publish it was intollerable; him I would 
wish to use me no worse than I deserve. I had onely 
in the copy this share: it was il written, as sometime 
Greene’s hand was none of the best ; licensed it must 
bee, ere it could be printed, which could never bee if 
it cuold not be read. To be brief, I writ it over, and — 
as near as I could followed the copy; onely in that 
letter I put something out, but in the whole book not 
a word in: for I protest it was all Greenes, not mine, 
% nor Master Nashes, as some“unjustly have affirmed.’ 
aces =. Neither was he the writer of an Epistle to The 
’ Second Part of Gerileon ; though by the workman’s ~ 
error T. N. were set to the end: that I confess to be 
mine, and repent it not. i 
“ Thus, Gentlemen, having noted the private 
‘causes that made me nominate myself in print, being 
as well to purge Master Nashe of what he did not, as 
to justifie what I did, and withall to confirm what 
M. Greene did, I beseech you to accept the publick 
cause, which is both the desire of your delight and 
common benefit; for though the toye bee shadowed 
under the title of Kind Harts Dreame, it discovers 
the false hearts of divers that wake to commit mis- 
chief,” &c. 
That I am right in supposing the two who took ~ 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 307 


offence at Greene’s pamphlet were Marlowe and 
Shakspeare, whose names I have inserted in a pre- 
-eeding paragraph in crotchets, appears from the pas- 
sage itself already quoted; for there was nothing in 
_ . Greene’s exhortation to Lodge and Peele, the other 

_ two persons addressed, by which either of them could 
possibly be offended. Dr. Farmer is of opinion 
that the second person addressed by Greene is 
not Lodge, but Nashe, who is often called Juvenal 
by the writers of that time; but that he was not 
meant, is decisively proved by the extract’ from 
Chettle’s pamphlet; for he never would have la- 
boured to vindicate Nashe from being the writer of 
the Groatsworth of Wit, if any part of it had been 
professedly addressed to him’.” Besides, Lodge had <~~—~ <<; 
written a play in conjunction with Greene, called A 477422 
Looking-Glass for London and England, and w. F- pa ee 
author of some satirical pieces; but we do not know~ emo. fs 
that Nashe and Greene had ever written in con-~ «<7 = 
Fncioncs ase fe Hy neem 
Henry Chettle was himself a dramatick wr writer, 
and appears to have become acquainted with Shak- 
speare, or at least seen him, between Sept. 1592, and 
the following December. Shakspeare was at this 
time twenty-eight years old; and then we find from 
the testimony of this writer his demeanour was no 
less civil than he excellent in the qualitie he pro- 
fessed. From the subsequent paragraph—« Divers 
of worship have reported his uprightness of dealing, 


7 ‘Nashe himself also takes some pains in an Epistle poiit-7 eaten 
to Pierce Pennilesse, &c. to vindicate himself from being the au- Se eee 


; thor of Greene's Groatsworth of Wit. TE oe Res 
p.% 2 é Pes See Aun 


308 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


which argues his honestie, and his facetious grace in 
“writing, that approves his art,—” it may be reasonably 
presumed, that he had exhibited more than one co- 
medy on the stage before the end of the year 1592; 
perhaps Love’s Labour’s Lost in a less perfect state 
than it now appears in, and A Midsummer-Night’s 
Dream. 

In what time soever he became acquainted with 
the theatre, we may presume that he had not com- 
posed his first piece long before it was acted; for 
being early incumbered with a young family, and not 
‘in very affluent circumstances, it is improbable that 
he should have suffered it to lie in his closet, without 
endeavouring to derive some profit from it; and in 
the miserable state of the drama in those days the 
meanest of his genuine plays must have been a va- 
luable acquisition, and would hardly have been re- 
fused by any of our ancient theatres. 

In a Dissertation on the Three Parts of King 
Henry VI. which I have subjoined to those plays, I 
have mentioned that I do not believe The First Part 
of King Henry VI. to have been the composition of 
Shakspeare; or that at most he wrote but one or two 
scenes in it. It is unnecessary here to repeat the 
circumstances on which that opinion is founded. Not 
being Shakspeare’s play (as I conceive), at whatever 
time it might have been first exhibited, it does not 
interfere with the supposition already stated, that he 
had not produced any dramatick piece before 1590. 

The First Part of King Henry VI. which, I ima- 
gine, was formerly known by the name of The His- 
torical Play of King Henry VI. had, I suspect, been 


—— 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER: 309 


a very popular piece for some years before 1592, and 

perhaps was first exhibited in 1588 orin 1589. Nashe, 

in a tract entitled Pierce Pennilesse his Supplication 

to the Devill, which was first published in 1592°, ex- 

pressly mentions one of the characters in it, John 

‘Talbot, Earl of Shrewsbury, who dies in the fourth 

act of the piece, and who is not, I believe, introduced 

in any other play of that time. “ How” (says he) 

“ would it have joyed brave Talbot, the terror of the 

French®, to think that after he had lain two hun- 

dred years in his tomb, he should triumph again on 

the stage, and have his bones new embalmed with the 

tears of ten thousand spectators at least, (at several 

times,) who, in the tragedian that represents his per- 

son, imagine they behold him fresh bleeding?”” 2. a A+ 
In the Dissertation above referred to, I have en- odes ey Wc 

deavoured to prove that this play was written neither Cpthirk be 

by Shakspeare, nor by the author or authors of the7 SUF 

other two plays formed on a subsequent period of the —~- 

reign of Henry the Sixth. By whom it was written, 

it is now, I fear, impossible to ascertain. It was not 

entered on the Stationers’ books, nor printed, till the — 

year 1623, when it was registered with Shakspeare’s 


8 Pierce Pennilesse his Supplication, &c. was first published in 
that year, being entered for the first time on the Stationers’ 
books by Richard Jones, Aug. 1592. There was a second edition 
in the same year, priated by Abell Jeffes for John Busbie. 

9 Thus Talbot is described in The First Part of K. Henry VI, 
Act L.Se. Il: 

“* Here, said they, is the terror of the French.” 

Again, in Act V. Sc. I: se 

' « Ts Talbot slain, the Frenchman’s only scourge, 
“‘ Your kingdom's terror?” 


310 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


undisputed plays by the editors of the first folio, and 
improperly entitled The Third Part of King Henry VI. 
In one sense it might be called so, for two plays on 
the subject of that reign had been printed before. 


But considering the history of that king, and the 


period of time which the piece comprehends, it ought 
' to have been called, What in fact it is, The viens Part 


ts , cof King Henry VI." 
E* oS At this distance of time it is impossible to ascer- 


-¢ -- « e+ tain on what principle it was that our author’s friends, 
“7 ~*~ Heminge and Condell, admitted The First Part of 
King Henry VI. into their volume: but I suspect 

ee oar ae a <>they gave it a place asa necessary introduction’ to the 
%_. =s.xa two other parts, and because Shakspeare had made 
= it ap some slight alterations, and written a few lines in it. 
a oar “.. Titus Andronicus, as well as The First Part of 
. King Henry VI. may be referred to the year 1589, 

or to an earlier period; but not being in the present 

edition admitted into the regular series ‘of our author’s 

dramas, I have not given it.a place in the preceding 

table of his plays. In a note prefixed to that play, 


which may be found in vol. xxi. p. 258, et seq. I have’ 


declared my opinion that Andronicus was not written 
by Shakspeare, or that at most.a very few lines in it 
were written by him; and have stated the reasons on 
which that opinion is founded. _From Ben Jonson’s 
Induction to Bartholomew Fair, 1614, we learn that 
this piece had been exhibited on the stage twenty- 
five or thirty years before, that is, at the lowest com~ 
putation, in 1589; or, taking a middle period 
(which is perhaps more just), in 1587. “ A booke 
entitled a Noble Roman History of Titus Andronicus,” 


a Seeenetiieh -: Gnd ate 


| tdi Sena 
7 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 311 


(without any author’s name) was entered at. Sta- 
tioners’ Hall by John Danter, Feb. 6, 1593-4. This 
was undoubtedly the play, as it was printed in that 


_ year according to Langbaine, who alone appears to 


have seen the first edition, and acted by the servants 
of the Earls of Pembroke, Derby, and Sussex. Of this 
play there was a second edition in quarto in 1600, 
and a third in 1611, in the title-page of which 
neither the name of Shakspeare (though he was in 
the zenith of his reputation), nor of any author, is 
found, and therefore we may presume that the title- 
page of the first edition also (like the entry on the 
Stationers’ books) was anonymous. Marlowe’s King 
Edward II. and some other old plays were performed 


by the servants of the Earl of Pembroke, by whom- 


not one of Shakspeare’s undisputed cramsn was ex- 


hibited. 


Q, 3. Beslan and Third Parts of K. Henry VI. 1591. 


In a Dissertation annexed to these plays, I have 
endeavoured to prove that they were not written 
originally by Shakspeare, but formed by him on two 
preceding dramas, one of which is entitled The First 
Part of the Contention of the Two famous Houses of 
Yorke and Lancaster, &e. and the other The true 
Tragedie of Richard Duke of Yorke, &. My prin- 


- cipal object in that Dissertation was, to show from 


various circumstances that those two old plays which 
were printed in 1600, were written by some writer or 
writers who preceded Shakspeare, and moulded by 4 


him, with many alterations and additions, into the“ 


shape in which they at present appear in his works 


312 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


under the titles of The Second and Third Parts of 
King Henry VI.; and if I have proved that point, I 
have obtained my end. I ventured, however, to go 
somewhat further, and to hazard a conjecture con- 
cerning the persons by whom they were composed : 
but this was not at all material to my principal ar- 
gument, which, whether my conjectures on that head 
were well or ill founded, will remain the same. 

The passage which has been already quoted from 
Greene’s pamphlet, led me to suspect that the old 
plays were the production of either him or Peele, or 
both of them. I too hastily supposed that the words 
which have been printed in a former page,—* Yes, 
trust them not; for there is an upstart crow beau- 
tified with our feathers,” &c. as they immediately 
followed a paragraph addressed to George Peele, were 
addressed to him particularly ; and consequently that 
the word our meant Peele and Greene, the writer of 
the pamphlet: but these words manifestly relate 
equally to the ¢hree persons previously addressed, 
and allude to the theatrical compositions of Marlowe, 
Lodge, Peele, and Greene ; whether we consider the 
writer to lament in general that players avail them- 
selves of the labours of authors, and derive more pro- 
fit from them than the authors themselves, or sup- 
pose him to allude to some particular dramatick per- 
formances, which had been originally composed by 
himself or one of his friends, and thrown into a new 
form by some other dramatist, who was also a player. 
The two old plays therefore on which the Second and 
Third Parts of King Henry VI. were formed, may 
have been written by any one or more of the authors 


| 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 313° 


above enumerated. Towards the end of the Essay I 
have produced a passage from the old King John, 
1591, from which it appeared to me probable that the 
two elder dramas, which comprehend the greater part 
of the reign of King Henry VI. were written by the 
author of King John, whoever he was ; and some cir- 
cumstances which have lately struck me, confirm an 
opinion which I formerly hazarded, that preg 0 
Marlowe was the author of that play. A passage in 

his historical drama of King Edward II. which Dr. 
Farmer has pointed out to me since the Dissertation 


was printed, also inclines me to believe, with him, 


that Marlowe was the author of one, if not both, of 
the old dramas on which Shakspeare formed the two 
plays which in the first folio edition of his works are 
distinguished by the titles of The Second and Third 
Parts of King Henry VI. 

Two lines in The Third Part of King Henry VI. 
have been produced as a decisive and incontrovertible 
proof that these pieces were originally and entirely 
written by Shakspeare. “ Who” (says Mr. Capell,) 
“sees not the future monster, and acknowledges at 
the same time the pen that drew it, in these two 
lines only spoken over a king who lies stabb’d before 
him, [i. e. before Richard Duke of Gloster, ]— 


“ What, will the aspiring blood of Lancaster 
“« Sink in the ground? I thought it would have mounted.” 


let him never pretend to discernment hereafter, in 
any case of this nature.” 

The two lines above quoted are found in The 
True Tragedie of Richard Duke of Yorke, &c. on 
which, according to my hypothesis, Shakspeare’s Third 


314 _.. LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE, 


Part of King Henry VI. was formed. If therefore, 
these lines decisively mark the hand of Shakspeare, 
the old as well as the: mew play must have been 
written by him, and the fabrick which I have built 
with some labour falls at once to the ground. — But 
let not the reader be alarmed ; for if it suffers from 
no’ other battery but this, it may last till the « crack 
of doom.” ‘Marlowe, as Dr. Farmer observes to me, 
has the very same phraseology in King Edward II.: 
ve _‘* ——~ scorning that the lowly earth 
** Should drink his blood, mounts up to the air.” 


and in the same play I have lately noticed another 
line in which we find the very epithet here applied to 
the pious Lancastrian king : 


“Frown'st thou thereat, aspiring Lancaster?” 


So much for Mr, Capell’s irrefragable proof. _ It is 
not the proper business of the present’ Essay to enter 
further into this subject. I merely seize this oppor- 

, tunity of saying, that the preceding passages now in- 

( cline me to think Marlowe the author of The True 

\ Tragedie of Richard Duke of Yorke, &c. and per- 
haps of the other old drama also, entitled The First 
Part of the Contention of the Two famous Houses of 
Yorke and Lancaster. 

Of these plays, the first, as I have mentioned in my 
Dissertation on the Three Parts, was printed in 1593, 
and. the second in 1594. They were both printed 
together, anonymously, by Thomas Millington, in 
quarto, in the year 1600. 

A very ingenious friend has suggested to me, that 
it is not probable that Shakspeare would have ven- 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 315 


tured to use the ground-work of another dramatist, 

and form a new play upon it, in the life-time of the 

author or authors. I know not how much weight this 

argument is entitled to. We are certain that Shak- 

speare did transcribe a whole scene almost verbatim 

from The old Taming of a Shrew; and incorporate it > 7 .¢... 
into his. own: play on the same subject; and we dé jz“ 
f not know that the author of the original play was 

then dead. Supposing, however, this argument to -~¢--.s. 
have some weight, it does not tend in the slightest 
degree to overturn my hypothesis that The Second 

and Third Parts of King Henry VI. were formed on 

the two preceding dramas, of which I have already 

given the titles ; but merely to show, that I am either 

mistaken in supposing that they were new-modelled 

and re-written in 1591, or in my conjecture concern- 

ing the authors of the elder pieces on which those 

of Shakspeare were formed. Greene died in Septem- 

ber, 1592, and Marlowe aout, May, 1593. By as- — 

signing our poet’s part in these performances to the 

end of the year 1593 or the beginning of 1594, this 

objection is done away, whether we suppose Greene 

to have been the author of one of the elder plays, and 

Marlowe of the other, or that celebrated writer the 

author of them both. 

- Dr. Farmer is of opinion, that Ben Jonson’ par- 

ticularly alludes in the following verses to our poet’s 

having followed the steps of Marlowe in the plays ¢_, 7... 
now under our consideration, and greatly surpassed ay mage” 


7 ae 


his original : = See 


‘“‘ For, if I thought my judgment were of years, rairap 4-<- 
“* T should commit thee surely with thy peers ; ped, ys 25a 


316 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE, 


“< And tell how much thou did’st our Lily outshine, ~ 
“ Or sporting Kyd, or Marlowe's mighty line.” 


From the epithet sporting, which is applied to 

Kyd, and which is certainly in some measure a 

quibble on his name, it is manifest that he must have 

fae produced some comick piece upon the scene, as well 
eerie as the two tragedies of his composition which are 
as 2---now extant, Cornelia, and The Spanish Tragedy. 
“9 27—-Wyes latter is printed, like many plays of that time, 


anonymously. Dr. Farmer, with great probability — 


suggests to me, that Kyd might have been the author 
of The old Taming of a Shrew printed in 1594, on 
which Shakspeare formed a play with nearly the 
same title’. The praise which Ben Jonson gives to 
Shakspeare, that he “ outshines Marlowe and Kyd,” 
on this hypothesis, will appear to stand on one and 
the same foundation ; namely on his eclipsing those 
ancient dramatists by new-modelling their plays, and 
producing pieces much superior to theirs, on stories 
which they had already formed into dramas, that, till 
Shakspeare appeared, satisfied the publick, and were 
classed among the happiest efforts of dramatick art*. 


1 Kyd was also, I suspect, the author of the old plays of Ham- 
f |: sea fhe af Ge let, and of King Leir. See the article on Hamlet. 
| | PE cfr 2 Atthe close of the Dissertation on the three parts of Henry VI. 
“44 - “ | have informed the reader that Mr. Malone had altered his 
_ opinion with regard to the original writers of the second and 
third of these plays, but have not incorporated in that Essay the 
supposed correction which he has here made. That Marlowe 
may have had some share in these compositions, I am not dis- 
posed to deny; but I cannot persuade myself that they entirely 
proceeded from his pen. Some passages are possessed of so much 
merit, that they can scarcely be ascribed to any one except the 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 317 


4, Two Gentlemen of Verona, 1591. 


This comedy was. not entered on the books of the 
Stationers’ Company till 1623, at which time it was 


most distinguished of Shakspeare’s predecessors ; but the tameness 
of the general style is very different from the peculiar characte- 
tistics of that poet’s ‘‘ mighty line,” which ‘are great energy both 
of thought and: language, degenerating too frequently into tu- 
mour and extravagance. The versification appears to me to_be 
also of a different colour. Marlowe, as I have endeavoured to 
show in the Essay on Shakspeare’s Metre, although he was not 
altogether free from the monotonous pomp of numbers which. is 
found in all his contemporaries, had less of it than any writer of 
that time, and has introduced a variety of pauses into English 
| blank verse, which, however it may fall short of the endlessly 
| diversified melody of Shakspeare, yet places him, in this respéct, 


_ much above the models which were before him. Dr. Farmer's 
| interpretation of the passage in Ben Jonson’s commendatory 
| \ Termes: seems very hastily formed. Shakspeare might well-be said 
to have outshined Marlowe, Kyd, and Lilly, without its being sup- 
posed that he had new-modelled their plays. From Lilly he 
appears to have taken nothing ; and Kyd is conjectured to have 
been a writer of comedy upon very slight foundation. Jonson is 
in the habit of turning the author of Jeronimo into ridicule, and, 
I believe, upon this occasion, meant merely a quibble upon the 
name of a writer whom he never could mention without some 
ludicrous recollection. That Marlowe, Peele, and Greene, may 
all of them have had a share in these dramas, is consonant to the 
frequent practice of that age, of which ample proofs may be found 
in the extracts from Henslowe’s MSS. vol. iii. 
I should not omit to mention here, that I find some slight me- 
moranda by Mr. Malone, in which he seems to ascribe these _ 
\ Plays to so late a period as 1600:~ I have stated at the end of his¢__<__ conanet 
Dissertation, why I think his conjectures unfounded. I shal~--—~~*-<¢— 


eo 


*only add here, that if Hamlet and Much Ado About Nothing arez--p-- 4 ~ -2 
fon ee~coe me: 


correctly..placed in 1600, it can scarcely be supposed that any(7%5 >>> 77°? 
other dramas could be/produced/in the same year by Shakspeare.“-— Fes 


anna gr - 
Phone Bees Onc E729 we. — Boswg1t. (2.2. (42.2% 


318 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


first printed; but is mentioned by Meres in 1598, 
and bears strong internal marks of an early compo- 
sition. The comick parts of it are of the same 
colour with the comick parts of Love’s Labour’s Lost, 
the Comedy of Errors, and A Midsummer-Night’s 
Dream ; and the serious scenes are eminently distin- 
guished by that elegant and pastoral simplicity which 
might be expected from the early effusions of such a 
mind as Shakspeare’s, when employed in describing 
the effects of love. In this piece also, as in: The 
Comedy of Errors and Love's Labour's Lost, some 
alternate verses are found. 

Sir William Blackstone concurs with me in opinion 
on this subject; observing, that “ one of the great 
faults of The Two Gentlemen of Verona is: the 
hastening too abruptly and without preparation: to 
the denouément, which shows that it was one of 
Shakspeare’s very early performances.” 

The following lines in Act I. Se. III. had Soementy 
induced me to ascribe this play to the year 1595 : 


He wonder'd, that your lordship 

‘* Would suffer him to spend his youth at home, 
** While other men, of slender reputation, 

‘* Put forth their sons to seek preferment out : 

£* Some to the wars, to try their fortunes there, 

“* Some, to discover islands far away.” 


Shakspeare, as has been often observed, gives to 
almost every country the manners of his own: and 
though the speaker is here a Veronese, the poet, 
when he wrote the last two lines, was thinking of 
England ; where voyages for the purpose of discover- 
ing islands far away were at this time much prose-' 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 319 


cuted. In 1595, Sir Walter Raleigh undertook a 
voyage to the island of Trinidado, from which he 
made an expedition up the river Oronoque, to dis- 
cover Guiana. Sir Humphry Gilbert had gone on a 
similar voyage of discovery the preceding year. 

The particular situation of England in 1595 I 
had supposed might have suggested the line above 
quoted : “ Some to the wars,” &c. In that year it 
was generally believed that the Spaniards meditated 
a second invasion of England with a much more 
powerful and better appointed Armada than that 
which had been defeated in 1588. Soldiers were 
levied with great diligence, and placed on the sea- 
coasts, and two great fleets were equipped ; one to 

encounter the enemy in the British seas; the other 
to sail to the West-Indies, under the command of 
Hawkins and Drake, to attack the Spaniards in their 
own territories. About the same time also Elizabeth 
sent a considerable body of troops to the assistance of 
King Henry IV. of France, who had entered into 
an offensive and defensive alliance with the English 
Queen, and had newly declared war against Spain. 
‘Our author, therefore, we see, had abundant reason 
for both the lines before us : 


** Some to the wars, to try their fortunes there, 
* Some to discover islands far away.” 


Among the marks “of love, Speed in ‘this play 
‘(Act II. Sc. I.) enumerates the walking alone, »* like 
‘one that had the pestilence.” In the year 1593 

f there had been a great plague, which carried off near 
{ eleven thousand persons in London. Shakspeare was 


red 


( 


320 ‘LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


undoubtedly there at that time, and his own recol- 
lection might, I thought, have furnished him with 
this image. But since my former edition, I have 
been convinced that these circumstances by no means 
establish the date I had assigned to this play. _When 
Lord Essex went in 1591 with 4000 men to assist — 
Henry IV. of France, we learn from Sir Robert 
Carey’s Memoirs, p. 59, that he was attended by 
many volunteers; and several voyages of discovery 
were undertaken about that very time by Raleigh, 
Cavendish, and others. There was a considerable 
plague in London in 1583. 

Valentinus, putting himself at the head of a band 
of outlaws in this piece, has been supposed to be 
copied from Sydney’s Arcadia, where Pylades heads 
the Helots. The first edition of the Arcadia was in 
1590. 

In The Two Gentlemen of Verona there are two 
allusions to the story of Hero and Leander, which 
I suspect Shakspeare had read recently before he 
composed this play. Marlowe’s poem on that sub- 
ject was entered at Stationers’ Hall, Sept. 18, 1593, 
and I believe was published in that or the following 
year, though I have met with no copy earlier than - 
that printed in quarto in 1598. Though that should — 
have been the first edition, Shakspeare might yet 
have read this poem before the author’s death in 
1593: for Marlowe’s fame was deservedly so high, 
that a piece left by him for publication was probably 
handed about in manuscript among his theatrical 
acquaintances antecedently to its being issued from 
the press. 


_. CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 321 
In the following lines of this play, 


“* Why, Phaeton, (for thou art Merops’ son, ) 
“* Wilt thou aspire to guide the heavenly car, 
“ And with thy daring folly burn the world?” 


the poet, as Mr. Steevens has observed, might have 
been furnished with his mythology by the old play of 
King John, in two parts, 4to. 1591: 


‘* —- as sometimes Phaeton, 
‘* Mistrusting silly Merops for his sire.” 


_. Mr. Boaden justly observes to me that this comedy 
in various places contains the germ of other plays 
which Shakspeare afterwards wrote ; and this cireum- 
“stance adds considerable support to the notion that 
this was one of his earliest productions. 


5. Comedy of Errors, 1592. 
The only note of time that occurs in this play is ptee Bh ee 
found in the following passage : EEE pea h 
« Ant. S. In what part of her body stands— 
| France ? 
* Drom. S. In her, forehead, arm’d and reverted, 
making war against; the hair?) 
I have no doubt that an equivoque was here 
intended, and that, beside the obvious sense, an allu- 
sion was intended to King Henry IV. the heir of 
France’, concerning whose succession to the throne 
there was a civil war in that country, from August 


7 The words heir and hair were, I make no doubt, pro- 
nounced alike in Shakspeare's time, and hence they are fre- 
quently confounded in the old copies of his plays. ~ 

VOL. II. Y 


322 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE., 


1589, when his father was assassinated, for sevéral 
years. Henry, after struggling long against the 
power and force of the League, extricated. himself 
from all his difficulties by embracing the Roman 
Catholick religion at St. Denis, on Sunday the 25th 
of July, 1593, and was crowned King of France in 
Feb. 1594; I therefore imagine this play was 
written before that period. In 1591 Lord Essex 
was sent with 4000 troops to the French King’s 
' assistance, and his brother Walter was killed before 
| Rouen in Normandy. From that. time till Henry 
was peaceably settled on the throne, many bodies of 
troops were sent by Queen Elizabeth to his aid: so 
that his situation must then have been a matter of 
notoriety, and a subject of conversation in England, 
This play was neither entered on the Stationers’ 
books, nor printed till 1623, but is mentioned by 
Meres in 1598, and exhibits internal proofs of having 
been one of Shakspeare’s earliest productions, I — 
formerly supposed that it could not have been written 
till 1596; because the translation of the Menechmi 
of Plautus, from which the plot appears to have been 
taken, was not published till 1595. But on a more 
attentive examination of that translation, I find that 
Shakspeare might have seen it before publication ; 
for from the printer’s advertisement to the reader, it 
appears that, for some time before, it had been 
handed about in MS. among the translator’s friends. 
The piece was entered at Stationers’ Hall, June 10, 
‘ot. >2 -y1594; and as the author had translated/all7the 
comedies of Plautus, it may be presumed that the 
whole work had been the employment of some years: 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 323 


and this might have been one of the earliest trans 
x| lated. Shakspeare must also have read some other 
- account of the same story not yet discovered; for 
how otherwise could he have got the names of Erra- ez tHE . 
ticus and Surreptus, which do not occur in the trans- 
lation of Plautus? There the brothers are called 
Menechmus Sosicles, and Menechmus the traveller. 
The alternate rhymes that are found in this play, 
as well as in A Midsummer-Night’s Dream, Love’s 
Labour’s Lost, The Two Gentlemen of Verona, and 
Romeo and Juliet, are a further proof that these 
pieces were among our author's earliest productions, 
We are told by himself that Venus and Adonis was 
the first heir of his invention.” The Rape-of Lu- 
crece probably followed soon afterwards, When he “~~~ <44 
turned his thoughts to the stage, the measure which*2272 & 
he had used in those poems, naturally presented ~~~ © 
itself to him in his first dramatick essays: I mean in 
those plays which were written originally by himself. 
In those which were grounded, like the Henries, 
on the preceding productions of other men, he na- 
turally followed the example before him, and con- 
sequently in those pieces no alternate rhymes are 
found. 
The doggrel measure, which, if I recollect right, 
(3 employed in none of our author’s plays except The 
.\ Comedy of Errors, The Taming of the Shrew, and 
Love’s Labour’s Lost, also adds support to the dates 
He assigned to these plays: for these long doggrel verses, 
as I have observed in a note at the end of the piece 
now under our consideration, are written in that kind 
of metre which was usually attributed by the dra- 


PCS = OFT ree Ae ai eRe 
"Eee os ecOgc CPR eS KK or Loar a 


324 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


matick poets before his time to some of their inferior 
characters.. He was imperceptibly infected with the 
prevailing mode, in these his early compositions; 
but soon learned to “ deviate boldly from the common 
track,” left by preceding writers. _ 
A play with the same title as that before us, was 
exhibited at Gray’s Inn in December, 1594; but I 
know not whether it was Shakspeare’s play, or a trans- 
- lation from Plautus. “ After such sports (says the 
writer of Gesta Grayorum, 1688,) a Comedy of Errors, 
like to Plautus his Menechmus, was played by the 
players: so that night was begun and continued. to 
the end in nothing but confusion and errors. _Where- 
upon it was ever afterwards called the Night of 
Errors.”. The Registers of Gray’s Inn have been 
examined for the purpose of ascertaining whether the 
play above mentioned was our author’s; but. they 
afford no information on the subject. ; 
4 From its having been represented, by the players, 
o~“%-¢, — not by the gentlemen of the inn, I think it probable 
be that it was Shakspeare’s piece. 
The name of Dowsabel, which is mentioned in this 
play, occurs likewise in an Eclogue entitled The 
Shepherd’s Garland, by Michael Drayton, printed in 
Ato. in 1593. 


6. King Richard I. 1593. 


King Richard II. was entered on the Stationers’ 
books, August 29, 1597, and printed in that year. . 
There had been a former play on this subject, 
which appears to have been called King Henry IV. 
in which Richard was deposed, and killed on the 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. — 325 


stage. This piece, as Dr. Farmer and Mr. Tyr- 
whitt have observed, was performed on a publick 
theatre, at the request of Sir Gilly Merick, andZ: % (hae 
some other followers of Lord Essex, the afternoon's an 
before his insurrection : “ so earnest was he,” (Merick) 2 Og: ue ripe 
says the printed account of his arraignment, “ to“ <7“ 
satisfy his eyes with a sight of that tragedy which 
thought soone after his lord should bring from the 
to the state.” “ The players told him the play . -2~»--— 

was old, and they should have loss by playing it, 
because few would come toit ; but no play else would 
serve: and Sir Gilly Merick gave forty shillings to 
Philips the player to play this, besides whatsoever he gee 
could get ?.” fo are mes 7 

It may seem strange that this old play should have“<2 gee 5 3 VE 
~ been represented after Shakspeare’s drama on the “<<. prac hp 
same subject had been printed: the reason undoubt-” 
edly was, that in the old play the deposing King 
Richard II. made a part of the exhibition: but in 
the first edition of our author’s play, one hundred 
and fifty-four lines, deseribing a kind of trial of the 
king, and his actual deposition in parliament, were 
omitted: nor was it probably represented on the 
stage. Merick, Cuffe, and the rest of Essex’s train, 
naturally preferred the play in which his deposition 
was represented, their plot not aiming at the life of 
the queen. It is, I know, commonly thought, that 
the parliament-scene (as it is called), which was first 


_. printed in the quarto of 1608, was an addition 


made by Shakspeare to his play after its first repre- 


2 Bacon’s Works, vol. iv. 412. State Trials, vol, viii. p. 60. 


326 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


sentation: but it seems to me more probable that. it 
was written with the rest, and suppressed in the 
printed copy of 1597, from the fear of offending 
Elizabeth ; against whom the Pope had published a 
bull in the preceding year, exhorting her subjects to 
take up arms against her. In 1599 Hayward pub- 
lished his History of the First Year of Henry IV. 
which in fact is nothing more than an history of the 
deposing Richard II. The displeasure which that 
book excited at court, sufficiently accounts for the 
omitted lines not being inserted in the copy of this 
play which was published in 1602. Hayward was 
heavily censured in the Star-chamber, and committed 
to prison. At a subsequent period (1608), when 
King James was quietly and firmly settled on the 
throne, and the fear of internal commotion, or foreign 
invasion, no longer subsisted, neither the author, the 
managers of the theatre, nor the bookseller, could 
entertain any apprehension of giving offence to the 
sovereign: the rejected scene was restored without 
scruple, and from some playhouse copy probably 
found its way to the press. 


7. King Richard IIT. 1593. 
~ Entered at the Stationers’ Hall, Oct. 20, 1597. 
rem in that year. 


8. Love’s Labour's Lost, 1594. 
Shakspeare’s natural disposition leading him, as 
Dr. Johnson has observed, to comedy, it is highly 
probable that his first original dramatick production 
was of the comick kind: and of his comedies Loye’s 
Labour’s Lost appears to me to bear strong marks of 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 327 
having been one of his earliest essays. « The frequent 
rhymes with which it abounds®, of which, in his 
eatly performances, he seems to have been extremely 
fond, its imperfect versification, its artless and desul- 
tory dialogue, and the irregularity of the composition, 
may be:all urged in support of this conjecture. 

. \Love’s Labour’s Lost was not entered at Stationers’ 
Hall till the 22d of January, 1606-7, but is: men- 


3 As this circumstance is more than once mentioned, in the 
course of these observations, it may not. be improper to add a few 
words on the subject of our author's metre. -A mixture of rhymes 
with blank verse, in the same play, and sometimes in the same 
scene, is found in almost all his pieces, and is not peculiar to 
Shakspeare, being also found in the works of Jonson, and almost 
all our ‘ancient dramatick writers. It is not, therefore; merely 
the use of rhymes, mingled with blank verse, but their frequency, 
that. is here urged, as a circumstance which seems to charac- 
terize and distinguish our poet's earliest performances. In the 
whole number of pieces which were written antecedent to the 
year 1600, and which, for the sake of perspicuity, have been 
called his early compositions, more rhyming couplets are found, 
than in all the plays composed subsequently to that year, which 
have been named his late productions. . Whether in process of 
time Shakspeare grew weary of the bondage of rhyme, or whether 
he became convinced of its impropriety in a dramatick dialogue, 
his neglect of rhyming (for he never wholly disused it) seems to 
have been gradual. . As, therefore, most of his early productions 
are characterized by the multitude of similar terminations which 
they exhibit, whenever of two early pieces it is doubtful which 
preceded the other, I am disposed to believe (other proofs being 
wanting) that play in which the greater number of rhymes is 
found, to have been first composed, . The plays founded on the 
story of King Henry VI. do not indeed abound in rhymes; but 
this probably arose from their ‘nie originally constructed by 


preceding writers, 


i lettin 7 
po" 9 oy oad 


328 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. | 


tioned by Francis Meres*, in his Wit’s Treasury, 
being the Second Part of Wit’s Commonwealth *, in 
1598, and was printed in that year. In the title- 
page of this edition (the oldest hitherto discovered), 
this piece is said to have been presented before her 
highness [Queen Elizabeth] the last Christmas 
[1597], and to be newly corrected and augmented : 
from which it should seem, either that there had been 
a former impression, or that the play had been origin- 
ally represented in a less perfect state, than that in 
which it appears at present. 

I think it probable, that our author's first draft of 
this play was written in or before 1594; and that 
some. additions were made to it between that year 
and 1597, when it was exhibited before the Queen. 
One of those additions may have been the passage 
which seems to allude to The Metamorphosis of Ajax, 
by Sir John Harrington, printed in 1596; “ Your 


4 This writer, to whose list of our author's plays we are so . 


much indebted, appears, from the following passage of the work 
here mentioned, to have been personally acquainted with Shak- 
speare : 

** As the soul of Euphorbus was thought to live in Pythagoras, 
so the sweet soul of Ovid lives in mellifluous and honey-tongued 
Shakspeare. Witness his Venus and Adonis, his Lucrece, his 
sugred Sonnets among his private friends,” &c. Wit’s Treasury, 
p- 282. There is no edition of Shakspeare’s Sonnets, now extant, 
of so early a date as 1598, when Meres's book was printed ; so 
... that we may conclude, he was one of those friends to whom yet 


TE net: were privately recited, before their publication. 


s This book was probably published in the latter end of the 
year 1598 ; for it was not entered at Stationers’ Hall till September 
in that year, 


_ 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 329 


lion—will be given to 4-jar°.” This, however, is 
not certain; for the conceit of Ajar and a-jakes 
may not have originated with Harrington, and may 
hereafter be found in some more ancient tract. 

In this comedy Don Armado says,—* The jirst 
and second cause will not serve my turn: the passado 
he respects not, the duello he regards not : his dis- 
gtace is to be called boy; but his glory is to subdue 
man.” Shakspeare seems here to have had in his 
thoughts Saviolo’s treatise Of Honour and Honour- 
able Quarrels, published in 1595’. This passage 
also may have been an addition. 

Bankes’s horse, which is mentioned in the play 
before us, had been exhibited in London in or before 


1589, as appears from a story recorded in Tarleton’s 
Jests *. 


6 See vol. iv. p. 443, n. 4. 

7 See a note on As You Like It, vol. vi. p. 503, n. 9. 

8 «* There was one Bankes in the time of Tarlton, who served 
the Earl of Essex, and had a horse of strange qualities; and 
being at the Cross Keyes in Gracious-streete, getting money with 
him, as he was mightily resorted to, Tarlton then (with his 
fellowes) playing at the Bell [f. Bull] by, came into the Cross 
keyes, amongst many people to see fashions: which Bankes per- 
ceiving, to make the people laugh, saies, ‘Signior,’ to his horse, 
* go fetch me the veriest foole in the company.’ The jade comes 
immediately, and with his mouth drawes Tarlton forth. Tarlton, 
with merry.words, said nothing but ‘God a-mercy, horse.’ In the 
end Tarlton seeing the people laugh so, was angry inwardly, and 
said, ‘Sir, had I power of your horse, as you have, I would do 
more than that.’ ‘ Whate’er it be,’ said Bankes, to please him, ‘I 
will charge him to doit.’ ‘Then,’ saies Tarlton, ‘charge him to bring 
me the veryest whore-master.in the company.’ ‘ He shall,’ saies 
Bankes. ‘Signior,’ says he, ‘ bring Master Tarlton the veryest 


Pate x 


kt fife © 


330 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE., 


In this comedy there is more attempt at delinea- 
tion of character than in either The Comedy of 
Errors or A Midsummer-Night’s Dream ; a cireum- 
stance which once inclined me to think that it was 
written subsequently to both those plays. Biron and 
Katharine, as Mr. Steevens, I think, has observed, 
are faint prototypes of Benedick and Beatrice. 

The doggrel verses in this piece, like those in 
The Comedy of Errors, are longer and more hobbling 
than those which have been nen from The Taming 
of the Shrew : 


‘* You two are bookmen ; can you tell by your wit 

** What was a month old at Cain’s birth, that’s not five 
weeks old as yet ?"— 

‘* O' my truth most sweet jests ! most incony vulgar wit, 

‘* When it comes so smoothly off, so obscenely as it were, so 
fit,” &e. 


This play is mentioned in a mean poem entitled 
Alba, the Months Minde of, a Melancholy Lover, by 
RT. Gentleman, printed 1598 : 


* Love's Labour Lost I once did see, a play 
«* Y-cleped so, so called to my paine, 
** Which I to heare to my small joy did stay, 
‘* Giving attendance to my froward dame: 
‘* My misgiving mind presaging to me ill, 
“* Yet was I drawne to see it ’gainst my will. 
* * * * 


whore-master in the company.’ The horse leads his master to him, 
Then, ‘God a-mercy, horse, indeed,’ saies Tarleton. The people had 
much ado to keep peace: but Bankes and Tarleton had like to 
have squared, and the horse by, to give aime. But ever after it 
was a by word thorow London, ‘ God-a-mercy, horse!’ and is to 


_ aut this day.” . Tarleton’s Jests, 4to. 1611,—Tarleton died in 1589. 


“i 7 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 331 
». |. Each actor plaid in cunning wise his part, — _ 
~ »» » “ But chiefly those entrapt in Cupid's snare ; - 
~ __ Yet all was fained, "twas not from the hart, 
'" « They seeme to grieve, but yet they felt no care: 
«Twas I that griefe indeed did bearein brest, 
* The others did but makea shew in jest.” 


“Mr. Gildon, in his observations on Love’s Labour’s 
Lost, says, he “cannot see why the author gave it 
this name.”—The following lines exhibit the train of 
thoughts which probably suggested to Shakspeare this 
title, as well as that which anciently was affixed to 
another of his comedies,—Love’s Labour Won: 

'.  * To be in love, where scorn is bought with groans, 
“Coy looks with heart-sore sighs; one fading moment's 
mirth 
** With twenty watchful, weary, tedious nights: 
* If haply won, perhaps a hapless gain ; 
* If lost, why then a grievous labour won,” 
: Two Gentlemen of Verona, Act 1.Sc. I. 


9. The Merchant of Venice, 1594. 


Entered at the Stationers’ Hall, July 22, 1598; and 
mentioned by Meres in that year. Published in 1600. 
Among the extracts from Henslowe’s MSS. we 
find the Venesyan Comedy, acted in 1594. ‘This wasé oe re 
probably The Merchant of Venice. In Act III.” 
Se. II. Portia exclaims— 


+ He may win, 

«« And what is musick then? ther musick is 
«* Even as the flourish when true subjects bow 
** To a newcrowned monarch.” 


Shakspeare is fond of alluding to events occurring 
at the time when he wrote, and the coronation of 


332 - LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE, 


Henry the Fourth of France, who was crowned at 
Chartres in the midst of his true subjects in 1594, 
(Rheims, where that. ceremony ought to have taken 
place, being possessed by the rebels,) seems to have 
excited great interest in England. The following is 
an extract from a pamphlet published on that subject, 
entitled «« The Order of Ceremonies. observed in the 
Anointing. and Coronation of the Most Christian 
French King of Navarre, Henry the IIII. of that 
Name, celebrated in our Lady Church in the Cittie 
of Chartres, uppon Sonday the 27 of February, 1594. 
Faithfully translated out of the French Coppie, 
printed at Roan by Commaundment of the said Lord. 
By E. A. London, Imprinted by John Windet,. 
and are to be sold by John Flasket, at the great north 
doore of Paules.” 

After describing various parts of this ceremonial, 
the writer proceeds thus, C 3. verso: 

« Then the said Archbishop holding the King by 
the hand, caused him to sit down, saying, 


In hoc regni solio, confirmet te, &c. 
“ This prayer ended, and the king being set. in: his 
throne, the said Archbishop took off his mitre, and 


after great reverence and honour done by him to his 
Majesty, he kissed him, and then sayd, 


' Vivat Rex in eternum, &c. 


“ After him all the other peeres kissed him, the ; 
peeres ecclesiasticall first beginning, saying thus, 


Vivat Rex in eternum, &c. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 333, 


«“ Then the people gave a great shout, crying God 
save the King, and immediately the harquebuzes 
shot off, and after them the great ordinance, and the 
trumpets, cornets, hautbois, drommes, and other 
instruments sounded ; and the said Lord Archbishop 

| begun, Te Deum laudamus, &c. being accompanied 
with the organs and other musicke. 

* During all this joy and acclamation the herauldes 
eryed ‘a largesse ;” whereuppon were cast foorth a 
great number of peeces of gold and silver, some money 
current, others coyned purposely and marked with 
the kings picture. 

* a 
* Here we are to note, that so often as the king 
returned ever so little to the body of the church, the 
people being in infinite number, cryed God save the 
king; and the church rung with theyr cries, and with 
harquebuze shot.” — 

After describing some other ceremonies, the author 
then adds: 

“Then the king thus arayed in his garments 
royall, accompanyed with the aforesayd pecres, in 

like ceremony and order as he came to church, re- 
turned to his pallace. 

“ The people with great acclamation and signes 
of joy, cryed God save the King; the cannons and 
small shotte played their parts, the trumpettes, 
drommes, and other instruments, sounded and 
played.” 


10. 4 Midsummer-Night’s Dream, 1594. 
The poetry of this piece, glowing with all the .. fort fap? 


334 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


warmth of a youthful and lively imagination, the 
many scenes which it contains of almost continual 
rhyme®, the poverty of the fable, and want of dis- 


crimination among the higher personages, dispose me 
to believe that it was one of our minis earliest 
attempts in comedy ’. 


9 See p. 327, n. 3. 

* Dryden was of opinion that Pericles, Prince of Tyre, was our 
author's first dramatic composition : 

‘* Shakspeare’s own muse his Pericles first bore, 
“ The Prince of Tyre was elder than The Moor.” 
Prologue to the. Tragedy of Circe, by Charles 
D? Avenant, 1677, 

Mr. Rowe in his Life of Shakspeare (first edition) says, ‘‘ There 
is good reason to believe that the greatest part of Pericles was not 
written by him, though it is owned some part of it certainly was, 
particularly the last Act,” .1 have not been able to learn on what 
authority the latter assertion was grounded, Rowe in his second 
edition omitted the passage. 


pie to feud Pericles was not entered on the Stationers’ books till May 2, 


eS 


608, nor printed till 1609; but the following lines in a metrical 
pamphlet, entitled Pimlyco, or Runne Red-cap, 1609, ascertain 
it to have been written and exhibited on the stage, prior to that 

ear: 

, ** Amazde I stood to see a crowd 
* Of civil throats stretch’d out so lowd: 
“* (As at anew play,) all the roomes 
‘* Did swarm with gentiles, mix’d with groomes ; 
“So that I truly thought all these 
‘* Came to see Shore or Pericles.” 

The play of Jane Shore is mentioned (together with another 
very ancient piece not now extant)' in The Knight of the Burning 
Pestle, 1613: ‘‘ I was ne'er at one of these plays before; but I 
should have seen Jane Shore, and my husband hath promised me 
any time this twelvemonth to carry me to The Bold Beauchamps.” 
The date of The Bold Beauchamps is in some measure ascertained 
by a passage in D’Avenant’s Playhouse to be let : 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 335 


_ It seems to have been written, while the ridiculous 
competitions prevalent among the histrionick tribe 
were strongly impressed by novelty on his mind. 
He would naturally copy those manners first, with 
which he was first acquainted. The ambition of a 
theatrical candidate for applause he has happily 


ridiculed in Bottom the weaver. But among the more 


dignified persons of the drama we look in vain for 
any traits of character. ‘The manners of Hippolita, 
the Amazon, are undistinguished from those of other 
females. Theseus, the associate of Hercules, is not 


* engaged in any adventure worthy of his rank or 


reputation, nor is he in reality an agent throughout 
the play. Like King Henry VIII. he goes out a 
Maying. He meets the lovers in perplexity, and 
makes no effort to promote their happiness; but 
when supernatural accidents have reconciled them, 
he joins their company, and concludes his day’s 
entertainment by uttering some miserable puns at an 
interlude represented by a troop of clowns. Over 
the fairy part of the drama he cannot be supposed to 


«___—. There is an old tradition, 


¢ . 
* That in the times of mighty Tamburlaine, TE th. fy 
** Of conjuring Faustus, and The ee cat a Bold, a tz Zh , 


** You poets used to have the second day.” 
» Tamburlain and Faustus were exhibited in or before 1590. 


The Lamentable End of Shore’s Wife also made a part of the ragph pote, 
old anonymous play: of King Richard III. which was entered in oat a 


the Stationers’ books, June 19, 1594. Both the dramas in which -.~%. er ie 
r “Y fbCa - 


Jane Shore was introduced were probably on the stage soon afte 
1590; and from the manner in which Pericles is mentioned in 
the verses above quoted, we may presume, that drama was equally 
ancient and equally well known. 


336 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. - 


have any influence. This part of the fable, indeed 
(at least as much of it as relates to the quarrels of 
Oberon and Titania), was not of our author's 
invention ?.—Through the whole picce, the more 
exalted characters are subservient to the interests of 
those beneath them. We laugh with Bottom and 
his fellows; but is a single passion agitated by the 
faint and childish solicitudes of Hermia and Deme- 
trius, of Helena and Lysander, those shadows of each 
other ?—That a drama, of which the principal per- 
sonages are thus insignificant, and the fable thus 
meagre and uninteresting, was one of our author's 
earliest: compositions, does not, therefore, seem a very 
improbable ‘conjecture; nor are the beauties with 
which it is embellished, inconsistent with this sup- 


2 The learned editor of Chaucer's Canterbury Tales, printed 
in 1775, observes in his introductory discourse (vol. iv. p. 161), 
that Pluto and Proserpina in the Marchant’s Tale, appear to have 
been “ the true progenitors of Shakspeare’s Oberon and Titania.” 
In a tract already quoted, Greene's Groatsworth of Witte, 1592, 
a player is introduced, who boasts of having performed the part 
of the King of Fairies with applause. Greene himself wrote a 
play, entitled The Scottishe Historie of James the Fourthe, 
slaine at Floddon, intermixed with a pleasant Comedie presented 
by Oberon King of Fayeries; which was entered at Stationers’ 

* Hall in 1594, and printed in 1598. Shakspeare, however, does 
not appear to have been indebted to this piece. The plan of it 
is shortly this. Bohan, a Scot, in consequence of being dis- 
gusted with the world, having retired to a tomb where he has 

SA dite jn Sed his dwelling, is met by Aster Oberon, king of the fairies, 

pate we Motte who entertains him with an antick or dance by his subjects. 

ab £ (er PE “These two personages, after some conversation, determine. to 

ae fawelay listen to a tragedy, which is acted before them, and to which 
they make a kind of chorus, by moralizing at the end of each 
Act. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 33T 


position ; for the genius of Shakspeare, even in’ its 
minority, could embroider the coarsest materials with 
the brightest and most lasting colours. 

Oberon and Titania had been introduced in a 
dramatick entertainment exhibited before Queen 
Elizabeth in 1591, when she was at Elvetham in 
Hampshire ; as appears from A Description of the 
Queene’s Entertainment in Progress at Lord Hart- 
ford’s, &c. printed in 4to. in 1591. Her majesty, after 
having been pestered a whole afternoon with speeches 
in verse from the three Graces, Sylvanus, Wood | 
Nymphs, &c. is at length addressed by the Fairy 
Queen, who presents her majesty with a chaplet, 


** Given me by Auberon [Oberon] the fairie king.” 


A Midsummer-Night’s Dream was not entered at 
Stationers’ Hall till Oct. 8, 1600, in which year it 
was printed ; but is mentioned by Meres in 1598. 

From the comedy of Doctor Dodipoll, Mr. Stee- 
vens has quoted a line, which the author seems to 
have borrowed from Shakspeare : 

««*Twas I that led you through the painted meads, 


« Where the light fairies danc’d upon the flowers, 
“ Hanging in every leaf an orient pearl.” 
So, in A Midsummer-Night’s Dream : 
“ And hang a pearl in ev'ry cowslip's ear.” 
Again: 
** And that same dew, which sometimes on the buds 
** Was wont to swell, like round and orient pearls, 


*« Stood now within the pretty flouret’s eyes, 
* Like tears,” &c. 


There is no earlier edition of the NOATTPO play 
VOL, II. Z 


Ath 


338 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


in which the foregoing lines are found, than that in 
1600: but Doctor Dodipowle is mentioned by Nashe, 
in his preface to Gabriel Harvey's Hunt is up, 
printed in 1596. . 

The passage in the fifth Act, which has been 
thought to allude to the death of Spenser °, is: not 
inconsistent with the early appearance of this comedy, 
for it might have been inserted between the time of 
that poet’s death, and the year 1600, when the play 
was published. And indeed, if the allusion was in- 

- tended, which I do not believe, the passage must have 
“been added in that interval; for A Midsummer- 
Night’s Dream was certainly written before 1598, 
and Spenser, we are told by Sir James Ware (whose 
testimony with respect to this controverted point 
must have great weight), did not die till 1599: 
“ others, (he adds,) have it wrongly, 1598°” So 


Ss The thrice three muses, mourning for the death 
“ Of learning, Jate deceas'd in beggary.” 

6 Preface to Spenser's View of the State of Ireland. Dublin, 
fol. 1633. This treatise was written, according to Sir James 
Ware, in 1596. The testimony of that historian, relative to the 
time of Spenser's death, is confirmed by a fact related by Ben 
Jonson to Mr. Drummond of Hawthornden, and recorded by that 
writer. When Spenser and his wife were forced in great distress 
to fly from their house, which was burnt in the Irish Rebellion, 
the Earl of Essex sent him twenty pieces; but he refused them ; 
telling the person that brought them, he was sure he had no time 
to spendthem. He died soon afterwards, according to Ben Jon- 
son's account, in King Street. Lord Essex was not in Ireland 


| ap Se 2 in 1598, and was there from April to September in the following 
Zhe Bex 2 year, 


pee Line eZ, Peictestate) Ee eee, Cee ee 


It should also be remembered that verses by Spenser are pre- 
fixed to Lewknor’s Commonwealth and Government of Venice, 
published in 1599. 


Poa SRY Petpet cf AOS Ze gues Jt gem. 


Sila a Dares atm) - fief CT Raye 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 339 


careful a searcher into antiquity, who lived so near 
the time, is not likely to have been mistaken in a 
fact concerning which he appears to have made par- 
ticular enquiries. ; 
The passage in question, however, in my appre- 
hension, has been misunderstood. It relates, I con- 
ceive, not to the death of Spenser, but to the nine 
Muses lamenting the decay of learning, in that 
author’s poem entitled The Tears of the Muses, 


That this celebrated poet was alive in Sept. 1598, is proved ..2 ~~7/7” 
by the following paper, addressed by Queen Elizabeth to the “777° 
Lords Justices of Ireland, which is preserved in the Museum, ” Pers inks a 
MSS. Harl. 286, and has not, I believe, been noticed by any of. Yew ike mie a 
his biographers : “s Sino 
“Last of Sept. 1598. A- +25 7 

“To the Lords Justices of Ireland. —- Ake: food 

“ Though we doubt not but you will without any motion *~* ~“*"“7 
from us have good regard for the appointing of meete and ser- © 
viceable persons to be Sheriffs in the several counties, which is a 
matter of great importance, especially at this time, when all 
parts of the realme are tinged with the infection of rebellion, 
yet wee thinke it not amisse sometime to recommend unto you 
such men as wee should [wish] to have for that office. Among 
whom we may justly reckon Edm, Spenser, a gentleman dwelling 
in the e county of of Corke, who is so well known unto you all for 
“his $ good and commendable parts, (being a man endowed with 
good knowledge in learning, and not unskilful or without ex- 
perience in the service of the warres,) as we need not use many 
words in his behalf. And therefore as we are of opinion that you 
will favour him for himselfe and of your own accord, so we do 
pray you that this letter may increase his credit so far forth with 
you as that he may not fayle to be appointed Sheriffe of the 
county of Corke, unlesse there be to you knowne some important 
cause to the contrary. 

We are persuaded he will so behave himselfe in this parti- 
cular as you shall have just cause to allowe of our recommenda- ay, 


tion, and his good service. And so,” &c. 
Z 2 


340 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


as nf. -e« Which was published in 1591: and hence probably , 


ote 


Bt a3 “~~ the words, “ late deceas'd in beggary.”™ This allu: 
a eae aes “a> Sion, if I am right in my conjecture, may serve to 
feces < —oconfirm the early date assigned to A Midsummer- 
Gee Ke. arte Dream. 


— nl ewe 


pn Ss ty ae Beye 
Ti The Taming of the Shrew, ~ 1596. 
a Been nt on and The Winter’s Tale are the only 
| as okewae om < pieces which I have found reason, since the first 
ui® Z. -«-edition of this Essay appeared, to attribute to an era 
o~--9 «- <—— widely different from that in which I had originally 
. placed them’. I had supposed the piece now under 
consideration to have been written in the year 1606. 
On a more attentive perusal of it, and more expe- 
rience in our author’s style and manner, I am per- 
;suaded that it was one of his very early productions, 
and near in point of time to the Comedy of Errors, 
/ Love's Labour’s Lost, and The Two Gentlemen of 
“Verona. 

In the old comedies, antecedent to the time of 0 our 
author’s writing for the stage, (if indeed they deserve 
that name,) a kind of doggrel measure is often found, 
which, as I have already observed, Shakspeare adopted 
in some of those pieces which were undoubtedly 
among his early compositions; I mean his Errors, 
and Love’s Labour’s Lost. This kind of metre being 
found also in the play before us, adds support to the 


pin f 3rd: 


7 A minute change has been made in the arrangement of five 
othet plays; A Midsummer-Night’s Dream, The Comedy of 
Errors, Love’s Labour's Lost, The Two Gentlemen of Verona, 
and Cymbeline; but the variation is not more than a period of 
two or three years. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 341. 


supposition that it was one of his early productions. 
The last four lines of this comedy furnish an example. 
of eE measure I allude to: 
** "Twas I won the wager, though you hit the white, 
“« And being a winner, God give you good night. 
** Now go thy ways, thou hast tam'd a curst shrew, 
«Tis a wonder, by your leave, she will be tam’d so.” 
Another proof of The Taming of the Shrew being 
an early production arises from the frequent play of 
words which we find in it, and which Shakspeare has 
condemned in a subsequent comedy. 
Some of the incidents in this comedy are taken 
from the Supposes of Gascoigne, an author of consi- 
derable popularity, when Shakspeare first began to 
write for the stage. 
The old piece entitled The Taming of a Shrew, 
on which our author’s play is founded, was entered on 
the Stationers’ books by Peter Short, May 2, 1594, 
and probably soon afterwards printed. As it bore 
nearly the same title with Shakspeare’s play (which 
was not printed till 1623), the hope of getting a sale Z.. ..4Z— 
for it. under the shelter of a celebrated name, was “~~ 7° 7 
probably the inducement to issue it out at that time: 4-4, 7" 5% 
and its entry at Stationers’ Hall, and publication in < TE a 
1594°, (for from the passage quoted below it must 


~ have been published °,) gives weight to the suppo- 


8 It was published in 1596, and copies of the edition are in the 
libraries of the Dukes of Bridgwater and Roxburgh. Reep. 

9 From a passage in a tract written by Sir John Harrington, 
entitled The Metamorphosis of Ajax, 1596, this old play appears Z.< 42. fot. 
to have been printed before that time, probably in the year 1594, Z~> 7 ne ; 
when it was entered at Stationers’ Hall; though no edition of so oe wae ee. 


aecs Sa a 


342 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


sition that Shakspeare’s play was written and first 
acted in that year. There being no edition of the 
genuine play in print, the bookseller hoped that the 
old piece with a similar title might pass on the com- 
mon reader for Shakspeare’s performance. This ap- 
pears to have been a frequent practice of the book- 
sellers in those days; for Rowley’s play of King 
Henry VIII. I am persuaded, was published in 1605, 
and 1613, with the same view; as were King Leir 
and his Three Daughters in 1605, and Lord Ster- 
line’s Julius Cesar in 1607. 

In the year 1607 it is highly probable that this 
comedy of our author’s was revived, for in that year 
Nicholas Ling republished The old Taming of a 
Shrew, with the same intent, as it should seem, with 
which that piece had originally been issued out by 
another bookseller in 1594. In the entry made by 
Ling in the Stationers’ books, January 22, 1606-7, 
he joined with this old drama two of Shakspeare’s 
genuine plays, Romeo and Juliet, and Love’s La- 
bour’s Lost, neither of which he ever published, nor 
does his name appear in the title page of any one of 
our author’s performances; so that those two plays 
could only have been set down by him, along with 
the other, with some fraudulent pears he 

In the same year also (Nov. 17); f dur author's ge- 
ces nuine play“was entered at Stationers’ Hall, by J. 

Lain 


Ss 


b early a date has hitherto"been discovered. “ Read” (says Sir 
Gace <. 414 John) “the booke of Taming a Shrew, which hath made a 
Kee fo Bie © nom fect, th le a shrew in 
ec, /+- «-—« number of us so perfect, that now every one can rule a shrew in 
4~ ce. -/ our country, save he that hath her.” 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 343 


Smethwyck! (one of the proprietors of the second 
folio); which circumstance gives additional weight to 
the supposition that the play was revived in that 
year. Smethwyck had probably procured a copy of 
it, and had then thoughts of printing it, though for 
some reason, now undiscoverable, it was not printed «:.. 
by him till 1631, eight years after it had appeared in 7“: bg eae 
the edition by the players in folio. a fy Fe hthe 
It should be observed that there is a slight varia” “= 
tion between the titles of the anonymous play and 
Shakspeare’s piece; both of which, in consequence 
of the inaccuracy of Mr. Pope, and his being very 
superficially acquainted with the phraseology and 
manner of our early writers, were for a long time 


_ unjustly attributed to our poet. The old drama was 


called The Taming of a Shrew; Shakspeare’s comedy, . 
The Taming of ¢he Shrew. 
It must not be concealed, "however, that The 
Taming of the Shrew is not enumerated among our 
author’s plays by Meres in 1598; a circumstance 
which yet is not sufficient to prove that it was not 
then written: for neither are The,Second and Third, 
Parts of King Henry VI. mentioned by him ; though 
those plays had undoubtedly appeared before that 2. £1, 
year. P79 U.. b 


| Oe AR ee 


_ I formerly imagined that a line® in this comedy 75 “~°2 77 


SL. hf i) aaa 


' For this bookseller Romeo and Juliet was printed in 4to. i. 
1609, and an. edition of Hamlet without date; the latter eS Se 
printed either in that year or 1607. — eae , 

2 « This is the way to kill a wife with kindness.” Taming Meena? Lb o) 
the Shrew, Act IV. Sc. 1. Heywood’s play is mentioned in The: silt Sane 
Black Booke, 4to. 1604. I am not possessed of the first edition Go emantr: 


344 ‘LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


be ca. ~ alluded to an old play written by Thomas Heywood, 


aun wot 


ipo ee tt entitled A Woman Kill’d with Kindness, of which 
aor 77 the second edition was printed in 1607, and the 
Beep first probably not before the year 1600; but the 


~ 
/ 


other proofs which I have already stated with respect 
to the date of the play before us, have convinced me 
that I was mistaken, 


12. Romeo and Juliet, 1596. 


It has been already observed, that our author in 
his early plays appears to have been much addicted 
to rhyming; a practice from which he gradually 
departed, though he never wholly deserted it. In 
this piece more rhymes, I believe, are found, than in 
any other of his plays, Love’s Labour's Lost and A 
Midsummer-Night’s Dream only exeepted. This 
circumstance, the story on which it is founded, so 
likely to captivate a young poet, the imperfect form 
in which it originally appeared, and its very early 
publication *, all incline me to believe that this was 
one of Shakspeare’s first tragedies, 

In a former edition of this Essay, I placed the 


tragedy of Romeo and Juliet in 1595, not adverting 


toa particular circumstance, which ascertains with 
great precision that it must have been produced be- 
tween the 23d of July, 1596, / ‘and the 17th of April, 
1597 ; and from that, and other circumstances which 
I shall presently state, and from the entry in the 


of it, nor is it in any of the great collections of old plays that I 
have seen. ptf C40 (ee) w% 

3 There is no edition of any of our author's genuine plays ex~ 
tant, prior to ie when Romeo and Juliet was published, 


Cw an OC ae 


ve eae e 7 
J 4 
Pf eee pe ©), af On fF GOV inn Lun iif bs. BO 


4 ) 


y 3 A eas A. 
wee ifaw Loinacb age, 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 345 


Stationers’ Registers, printed in a subsequent page * 
(whether that entry relates to a ballad on the same 
subject, or to the play itself; the former of which, I 
believe to be the case); it is extremely probable that 
this tragedy was first acted at the Curtain Theatre 

in the autumn of 1596; and that it was published 
early in the following year. 

It is observable, that in the title-page of the ori- 
ginal quarto copy of 1597, it is said that it had been 
“often (with great applause) plaid publiquely by 
the right honourable Lord Hunsdon his servants.” 
I formerly had not been aware that two noblemen of 
this family in our author’s time, Henry Lord 
Hunsdon, the father, and George Lord Hunsdon, his 
son, both filled the office of Lord Chamberlain of 
the Household to Queen Elizabeth, though not 
successively. Henry, the father, after holding this 


station for eleven years, died on the 22d of July, « bx 


1596. The company of comedians who were his” 
lordship’s servants, among whom Shakspeare, Bur- 


SS 0S” 


Sefog asia 


“rads 


bage, Heminge, Condell »,and others, were enrolled, Sigs 


during that period, or a considerable part of it, were 
distinguished by the appellation of “ the Lord Chan- 
berlain’s men.” Having, however, been appended to 
him, not as Lord Chamberlain, but as a peer of the 
realm, on the death of their patron, they naturally 


fell under the protection of his son and successor in (7.4.2 


the title, and for some time continued to play under “7 “~ 


4“ August 5, 1596, a new ballad of Romeo and Juliet,” 
licensed to Edward White. 


Was 2 o Pa Lig Lee Crerdi tos mm 
fox A ew ee pat Pre > are 8 


ay 


J. he 


346 - LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


Pembroke, or any other nobleman, who had not 


enjoyed any official situation in the court of Elizabeth. 
In. August, 1596, the vacant office of Chamberlain 
was given to William Brooke, the fourth Lord 
Cobham (of that family), which station he held till he 
died, on Saturday, the 5th of March, 1596-7°; a 
period of about seven months; and about six weeks 
afterwards, George Lord Hunsdon was appointed 
Lord Chamberlain in his room. During the interval 
between the 22d of July, 1596, and the following 
April, Shakspeare’s company could only be denomi- 
nated the servants of Lord Hunsdon, as they are 
properly styled in the original title-page of this play; 
nor did they recover their more honourable desig- 
nation, till, on the 17th of April, 1597, the nobleman 
by whom they were licensed, was advanced to the 
office which Lord Cobham had held. Hence in the 
autumn of that year °, our poet’s King Richard the 
Second, and King Richard the Third, which I be- 
lieve were originally acted whilst he and his fellows 
were under the patronage of Henry the father, and 
were then exhibiting under that of his son, were, 
after he had been invested with the same office, pro- 
perly set forth, “as acted by the right honourable 
the Lord Chamberlain his servants :” and the very 
tragedy now under our consideration, when revised 
and enlarged, was printed in 1599, as acted, not 
by the Lord Hunsdon’s servants (as in the former 


5 In the Shrewsbury Papeérs, iii. 67, his death is placed oh 
February 24, 1597-8 ; but this is a mistake. 

® Andrew Wise paid for a licence to print King Richard II. 
August 29, 1597; and King Richard III. on October 20, 1597. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 347 


edition), but by those of the Lord Chamberlain. 
These circumstances appear to me to ascertain the 
date of Romeo and Juliet beyond a doubt. 

The words “ publiquely acted,” which are found 
in the title-page of the original edition, show, that 
this tragedy was performed at a publick, in contra- 
distinction to a private theatre; and a passage in 
Marston’s Satires, which I have already had occa- 
sion to notice, informs us, that it was played at ~<.- 

| the Curtain Theatre, then occupied by the Lord 
| Chamberlain’s servants, and the fortunate spot 
| where our author’s early dramatick productions were 
\ first exhibited. 

In Marston’s tenth Satire, in which the author 
portrays the various humours of the time, after a 
description of Curio, “ a capering youth,” who 
thinks of nothing but dancing, Luscus, a constant 
haunter of playhouses, is thus introduced : 


“ Luscus, what's plaid to-day? i’ faith now I know; ~ 
“ | see thy lips a broach, from whence doth flow 

** Naught but pure Juliet and Romeo. 

** Say, who acts best ? Drusus, or Roscio ?— 


An Af vvG> «* Now I have him, that ne’er of ought did speake 
2. 


“«* But when of playes or players he did treate ; 

“ Hath made a common place booke out of plaies, 
“« And speakes in print, at least what ere he sayes, 
*« Is warranted by Curtain plaudities, 

‘« If ere you heard him courting Lesbia’s eyes.” 


In the third Act the-first and second cause are 
mentioned: that passage, therefore, was probably 
written after the publication of Saviolo’s Book on 
Honour and Honourable Quarrels ; which appeared in 
1594, 


fof Phan 7 Camm Line Awe bee CH 


lo. Ltn , , en a Sh 
—. hw forme LE fee galt doar ee Ficf VE, 


| Ameen, Mh sf mo, tbat, eneaill an oti 


Ye: 
Clot, 


be 


348 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


From several passages in the fifth Act of this 
tragedy it is manifest, I think, that Shakspeare had 
recently read, and remembered, some of the lines in 
Daniel’s Complaint of Rosamond, which, I believe, 
was printed in 1592°: the earliest edition, however, 
that I have seen of that piece is dated in 1594: 


“ And nought-respecting death, the last of paines, 
** Plac'd his pale colours, (the ensign of his might,) 
“« Upon his new-got spoil,” &c. Complaint of Rosamond. 


«« ___- beauty’s ensign yet. 
« Ts crimson in thy lips, and in thy cheeks, 
“* And death’s pale flag,” &c. Romeo and Juliet. 


“ Decayed roses of discolour'd cheeks 
fi ** Do yet retain some notes of former grace, 
Z “« And ugly death sits faire within her face.” 


Complaint of Rosamond. 


‘* Death that hath suck’d the honey of thy breath, 


‘* Hath had no power yet upon thy beauty.” 
Romeo and Juliet. 


“ Ah now methinks I see death dallying seeks 
‘* To entertaine itselfe in love's sweet place.” 
Complaint of Rosamond. 
« —— Shall I believe 
‘** That unsubstantial death is amorous ?”- 
Romeo and Juliet. 


If the following passage in an old comedy already 
mentioned, entitled Doctor Dodipoll, which had 
appeared before 1596, be considered as an imitation, 


> “ A booke called Delia, containynge diverse sonates, with the 

Complainte of Rosamonde,” was entered at Stationers’ Hall by 

“ 4 Simon Waterson, in Feb. 1591-2, and the latter piece is com- 

tla | mended by Nashe in a tract entitled Pierce Pennilesse his Sup- 
plication to the Divell, published in 1592. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 349 


it may add some weight to the supposition that Romeo 
and Juliet had been exhibited before that year : 

“ The glorious parts of fair Lucilia, 

“Take them and join them inthe heavenly spheres, 


“ And fix them there as an eternal light, 
“ For lovers to adore and wonder at.” Dr. Dodipoll. 


** Take him and cut him out in little stars, 
«« And he will make the face of heaven so fine, 
«* That all the world shall be in love with night, 
«* And pay no worship to the garish sun.” 
Romeo and Juliet. 


In the fifth Act of this tragedy mention is made 
of the practice of sealing up the doors of those 
houses in which “ the infectious pestilence did reign.” 
Shakspeare probably had himself. seen this practised 
in the plague which raged in London in 1593. 

From a speech of the Nurse in this play, which 


contains these words—* It is now since the earth- 


quake eleven years,” &c. Mr. Tyrwhitt conjectured, 
that Romeo and Juliet, or at least part of it, was 
written in 1591; the novels from which Shakspeare 
may be supposed to have drawn his story, not men- 
tioning any such circumstance; while on the other 
hand, there actually was an earthquake in England 
on the 6th of April, 1580, which he might here have 


had in view °.—It formerly seemed improbable to me 2:2“ 
that Shakspeare, when he was writing this tragedy, “: 


should have adverted, with such precision, to the 
date of an earthquake which had been felt in his 
youth. The passage quoted struck me, as only dis- 
playing one of those characteristical traits, which 


3 See Romeo and Juliet, Act I. Sc. III. 


350 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 
distinguish old people of the lower class ; who delight 


in enumerating a multitude of minute circumstances 
that have no relation to the business immediately 
under their consideration *, and are particularly fond 
of computing time from extraordinary events, such as 
battles, comets, plagues, and earthquakes. This 
feature of their character our author has in various 
places strongly marked. Thus (to mention one of 
many instances), the Grave-digger in Hamlet says 
that he came to his employment, “of all the days 
i’ the year, that day that the last king o’ercame For- 
tinbras,—that very day that young Hamlet was 
born.”—A more attentive perusal, however, of our 
poet’s works, and his frequent allusions to the man- 
ners and usages of England, and to the events of 
his own time, which he has described as taking place 
wherever his scene happens to lie, have shown me 
that Mr. Tyrwhitt’s conjecture is not so improbable 
as I once supposed it. Shakspeare might have laid 
the foundation of this play in 1591, and finished it 
at a subsequent period. The passage alluded to is in 
the first Act. 

If the earthquake which happened in England in 
1580, was in his thoughts, when he composed the 
first part of this play, and induced him to state the 
earthquake at Verona as happening on the day on 
which Juliet was weaned, and eleven years before the 


4 Thus Mrs. Quickly, in King Henry IV. reminds Falstaff, that 
he “ swore on a parcel-gilt goblet, to marry her, sitting in her 
dolphin chamber, at a round table, by a sea-coal fire, on Wednes- 
day in Whitsun-week, when the prince broke his head for liken- 
ing his father to a singing man of Windsor.” 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 351 


commencement of the piece, it has led him into a 
contradiction ; for, according to the Nurse’s account, 
Juliet was within a fortnight and odd days of com- 
pleting her fourteenth year; and yet, according to 
the computation made, she could not well be much 
more than twelve years old. Whether indeed the 
English earthquake was, or was not, in his thoughts, 
the nurse’s account is inconsistent and contradictory. 

Perhaps Shakspeare was more careful to mark the — 
garrulity, than the precision of the old woman :—or 
perhaps, he meant this very incorrectness as a trait of 
her character :—or, without having recourse to either 
of these suppositions, shall we say, that our author 
was here, as in some other places, hasty and inatten- 
tive? It is certain that there is nothing in which 
he is less accurate, than the computation of time. 
Of his negligence in this respect, As You Like It, 
Measure for Measure, and Othello, furnish remark- 
able instances °. 


13. King John, 1596. 


This historical play was founded on a former drama, 
entitled The Troublesome Raigne of John King 
of England, with the Discoverie of King Richard 
Cordelion’s base Son, vulgarly named the Bastard 
Faweonbridge: also the Death of King John at 
Swinstead Abbey. As it was (sundry times) pub- 
likely acted by the Queenes Majesties Players in the 
honourable Cittie of London. This piece, which is 


s See Measure for Measure, Act I. Sc. III. and IV.—As You 
Like It, Act IV. Sc. I. and I[L—Othello, Act III. Sc. Tfl.: “I 
slept the next night well,” &c. 


7 


352 - LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


in two parts, and was printed at London for Sampson 
Clarke, 1591, has no author’s name in the title-page. 
On its republication in 1611, the bookseller for whom 
it was printed, inserted the letters Sh. in the title- 
page ; and in order to conceal his fraud, omitted the 
words—publikely—in the honourable Cittie of. 
London, which he was aware would proclaim this 
%, #.., Play not to be Shakspeare’s King J ohn’; the com- 
fe-y~'- “= pany to which he belonged, having no publick theatre 
“S02 jn London: that in Blackfriars being a private play- 
“+1 & £4 house, and the Globe, which was a publick theatre, 
oe being situated in Southwark. He also, probably 
iis ~C* with the same view, omitted the following lines ad- 
dressed to the Gentlemen Readers, which are pre- 
fixed to the first edition of the old play: 
“ You that with friendly grace of smoothed brow 
“« Have entertain’d the Scythian Tamburlaine, 


ie “ And given applause unto an infidel ;~ 

a pee “* Vouchsafe to welcome, with like curtesie, 
Jum me Soy? ‘* A warlike Christian, and your countryman. 

| eae IER * For Christ’s true faith indur'd he many a storme, 
a Oy > “ And set himselfe against the man of Rome, 
iheaeameipanate. “ Until base treason by a damned wight 

[fo ree” ** Did all his former triumphs put to flight. 


Y Geeta hated ** Accept of it, sweete gentles, in so 

agen * And thinke it was fears for lag cisport" 

ae ’'%ey  Shakspeare’s play being then probably often acted, 

Z-*> Z<: and the other wholly laid aside, the word lately was 

S224 substituted for the word publickly:—as they were 

avy & «sundry times /ately acted,” &c. 

Tea 4 >. Thomas Dewe, for whom a third edition of this 

-_ old play was printed in 1622, was more daring. 
The two parts were then published, “as they were 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 


then dead nineteen years. 


sundry times lately acted;” and the name of. Wil- 
liam Shakspeare inserted at length. “ By the Queen’s 
Majesties players” was wisely omitted, as not being 
very consistent with the word /ately, Elizabeth being 


King John is the only one of our poet’s uncon- 
tested plays that is not entered in the books of the 
Stationers’ Company. It was not printed till 1623, 
but is mentioned by Meres in 1598, unless he mis- 
took the old play in two parts, printed in 1591, for 


the composition of Shakspeare. 


It is observable, that our author’s son, Hamnet, 
died in August, 1596. That a man of such sensi- 
| bility, and of so amiable a disposition, should have 


lost his only son, who had attained the age of twelve 


years, without being greatly affected by it, will not 
be easily credited. The pathetick lamentations which 
he has written for Lady Constance on the death of 
Arthur, may perhaps add some probability to the 
supposition that this tragedy was written at or soon 


after that period. 


In the first scene of the second Act the following 
lines are spoken by Chatillon, the French ambassador, 


on his return from England to King Philip : 


* And all the unsettled humours of the land— 
“ Rash, inconsiderate, fiery voluntaries, 


“* With ladies’ faces and fierce dragons’ spleens,— - 


*¢ Have sold their fortunes at their native homes, 
‘« Bearing their birth-rights proudly on their backs, 
*© To make a hazard of new fortunes here. 

“ In brief, a braver choice of dauntless spirits 

«« Than now the English bottoms have waft o'er, 


VOL. II. QA 


Lois 


354 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


«« Did never float upon the swelling tide, 
‘© To do offence and scathe to Christendom.” 


Dr. Johnson has justly observed, in a note on this 
play, that many passages in our poet’s works evi- 
dently show that “he often took advantage of the 
facts then recent, and the passions then in motion.” 
Perhaps the description contained in the last six lines 
was immediately suggested to Shakspeate by the 
grand fleet which was sent against Spain in 1596. It 
consisted of eighteen of the largest of the Queen’s 
-ships, three of the Lord Admiral’s, and above one 
hundred and twenty merchant-ships and victuallers, 
under the command of the earls of Nottingham and 
Essex. The regular land-forces on board amounted 
to ten thousand; and there was also a large body 
of voluntaries (as they were then called), under the 
command of Sir Edward Winkfield. Many of the 
nobility went on this expedition, which was destined 
against Cadiz. The fleet sailed from Plymouth on 
the third of June, 1596; before the end of that 
month the great Spanish armada was destroyed, and 
the town of Cadiz was sacked and burned. Here 
Lord Essex found 1200 pieces of ordnance, and an 
immense quantity of treasure, stores, ammunition, 
&c. valued at twenty million of ducats. The vie- 
torious commanders of this successful expedition 
returned to Plymouth, August 8, 1596, four days 
before the death of our poet’s son. Many of our old 
historians speak of the splendour and magnificence 
displayed by the noble and gallant adventurers who 
served in this expedition; and Ben Jonson has par- 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 355 


ticularly alluded to it in his Silent Woman, written 
a few years afterwards *. To this I suspéct two linés 
already quoted particularly refer : 
: * Have sold their fortunes at their native homes, 

“ Bearing their birth-rights proudly on their backs.” 

Dr, Johnson conceived that the following lines in 

this play— 

** And meritorious shall that hand be call'd, 

«* Canonized, and worshipp’d as a saint, 


** That takes away by any secret course 
“ Thy hateful life—.” 


might either refer to the bull published against Queen 
Elizabeth, or to the canonization of Garnet, Faux, 
and their accomplices, who, in a Spanish book which 
he had seen, are registered as saints. If the latter 
allusion had been intended, then this play, or at least 
this part of it, must have been written after 1605. 
But the passage in question is founded on 4 similar 
one in the old play, printed in 1591, and therefore 
no allusion to the gunpowder-plot could have been 
intended. 

A line of The Spanish Tragedy is quoted in King 
John. That ‘tragedy, I believe, had appeared i or 
before 1590, 

In the first Act of King John, an ancient tiak@ay, 
entitled Solyman and Perseda, is alluded to. ‘The 
earliest edition of that play, now extant, is that of 
1599, but it was written, and: probably acted, many 


s “ Thad as fair a gold jerkin on that day as any Was worn in 
the Island Voyage, or Cadiz, none dispraised.” 
Silent Woman, 1609, 


2aQ 


356 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


years before; for it was entered on the Stationers’ 
| books, by Edward Whyte, Nov. 20, 1592.. 
Marston’s Insatiate Countess, which, according to 
Langbaine, was printed in 1603, contains a passage, 
which, if it should be considered as an imitation of a 
similar one in King John, will ascertain this histo- 
rical drama to have been written at least before that 
year : 
** Then how much more in me, whose youthful veins, 
** Like a proud river, overflow their bounds.” 


So, in King John: 


‘* Why holds thine eye that lamentable rheum, 
* Like a proud river peering o'er his bounds?” 


Marston has in many other places imitated Shak- 
speare. ; 

A speech spoken by the Bastard in the second Act 
of this tragedy ° seems to have been formed on one 
in an old play entitled The famous History of Captain 
Thomas Stukely. Captain Stukely was killed in 
1578. The drama of which he is the subject, was 
not printed till 1605, but it is in the black letter, 
and, I believe, had been exhibited at least fifteen 
years before. 

Of the only other note of time which I have ob- 
served in this tragedy, beside those already men- 
tioned, I am unable to make any use. “ When I 
was in France,” says young Arthur, 


** Young gentlemen would be as sad as night, 
** Only for wantonness.” 


© See vol. xv, p. 251. 


—— 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 357 


I have not been able to ascertain when the fashion 
of being sad and gentlemanlike commenced among 
our gayer neighbours on the continent. A similar 
fashion prevailed in England, and is often alluded 
to by our poet, and his contemporaries. Perhaps he 
has in this instance attributed to the French a species 
of affectation then only found in England. It is 
noticed by Lyly in 1592, and Ben Jonson in 1598. 


13. First Part of King Henry IV. 1597. 


Entered, Feb. 25, 1597. [1597-8.] Written 
therefore probably in 1597. Printed in 1598. 


14. Second Part of King Henry IV. 1598. 


- "The Second Part of King Henry IV. was entered 
in the Stationers’ books, August 23, 1600, and was 
printed in that year. It was written, I believe, in 
1598. From the epilogue it appears to have been 
eomposed before King Henry V. which itself must 
have been written in or before 1599. 


Meres in his Wit’s Treasury, which was published 4. 4. of ash 


in September, 1598, has given a list of our author's 
plays, and among them is King Henry IV.; but as 
he does not describe it as a play in two ouin I 
doubt whether this second part had been exhibited, 
though it might have been then written. If it was 
not in his contemplation, it may be presumed to have 
appeared in the latter part of the year 1598. His 
words are these: “ As Plautus and Seneca are 
accounted the best for comedy and tragedy, 2 among 
the Latines, so > Shakspeare, among the English, is 
the most excellent in both kinds for the stage: for 


CL. ax 


WwW VAY 


358, LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


comedy, witness his Gentlemen of Verona, his Ertors, 
his Love’s Labour’s Lost, his Love's Labour’s Wonne, 
his Midsummer-Night’s Dream, and his Merchant of 
Venice; for tragedy ®, his Richard I. Richard III. 
Henry IV. King John, Titus Andronicus, and his 
Romeoand Juliet *.” 

‘The following allusion to one of the characters 
in this play, which is found in Every Man out of 
his Humour, Act V. Sc. II. first acted in 1599, is 
an additional authority for supposing The Second 
Part of King Henry IV. ta have been written in 
1598 : 

“ Savi. What’s he, gentle Mons. Brisk ? Not 
that gentleman ? 

_ | © Fast. No, lady; this is a Sicilia to Justice 
Shallow.” 

That this play was not written before the year 
1596, is ascertained by the following allusions. In 
the last Act, Clarence, speaking of his father, says, 


“ The incessant care and labour of his mind 
Hath wrought the mure that should confine it in, 
* So thin, that life looks through, and will break out.” 


These lines appear to have been formed on the 
following in Daniel’s Civil Warres, 1595, b. iii. 
st. 116: 


‘¢ Wearing the wall so thin, that now the mind 
** Might well look thorough, and his frailty find.” 


8 The circumstance of Hotspur's death in this play, and its 
being an historical drama, I suppose, induced Meres to denomi- 
nate The First Part of King Henry IV. a a tragedy, 

9 Wit's Treasury, p. 282. 


y oe, fey “-- fie os, 
eee Yo ws foros =- Gane Fe SAG 


oe ee ee ee fae 
(< - ~ 
Bigs ‘aameshe? Ll. Fong? a IRS o~ le 
Srume Se Power Lon Kn SO oe fl 109-C97 + 


a 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. _ 359 


_ Daniel’s Poem, though not published till 1595, 
was entered on the Stationers’ books, in October, 
1594. 
_ The distich, with which Pistol consoles himself, 
Si fortuna me tormenta, &e. had, I believe, ap- 
peared in an old collection of tales, and apophthegms, 
entitled Wits, Fits, and Fancies, which was entered 
at Stationers’ Hall in 1595, and probably printed in 
that year.. Sir Richard Hawkins, as Dr. Farmer has 
observed, * in his voyage to the South Sea in 1593, 
throws out the same jingling distich on the loss of his 
pinnace.” But no account of that voyage was pub- 
( lished before 1598. 

In the last Act of this play the young king thus 

addresses his brothers : 


** Brothers, you mix your sadness with some fear. 
** This is the English, not the Turkish court ; 

** Not Amurath an Amurath succeeds, 

« But Harry Harry.” 


| 


It is highly probable, as is observed in a note on 
that passage, that Shakspeare had here in contem- 
plation the cruelty practised by the Turkish emperor, 
Mahomet, who after the death of his father, Amu- _ 
rath the Third,/in Feb/1596 ‘, invited his unsus- we ha S94 3 
pecting brothers to a feast, and caused them all to 
be strangled. 


15. King Henry F- 1599. 
Mr. Pope thought that this historical drama was 
' The affairs of this court had previously attracted the publick 


attention ; for in 1594 was published at London, A Letter sent 
by Amurath the great Turke to-Christendom. 


360 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


-one of our author's latest compositions ; but he was 
evidently mistaken. King Henry V. was entered on 
the Stationers’ books, Aug. 14, 1600, and printed in 
the same year. It was written after the Second 
-Part of King Henry IV. being promised in the epi- 
logue of that play ; and while the Earl of Essex was 
in Ireland*. Lord Essex went to Ireland April 15, 
1599, and returned to London on the 28th of Sep- 
tember in the same year. So that this play (unless 
the passage relative to him was inserted after the 
piece was finished) must have been composed between 
April and September, 1599. Supposing that pas- 
sage a subsequent insertion, the play was probably 
not written Jong before; for it is not mentioned “4 
a pvbyfe 4 Meres i in 1598," 
Le =~ - &* The prologue to Ben Jonson’s Every Man in his 
ing os >, Humour * seems clearly to allude to this play; and, 
A~ EE ie if it had been written at the same time with the 
| eoiipagery yi piece itself, might induce us, notwithstanding the 
silence of Meres, to place King Henry V. a year or 
two earlier; for Every Man in his Humour is said 
to have been acted in 1598. But the prologue which 
now appears before it, was not written till after 1601, 
em when the play was printed without the prologue, 
A gst r, which first appeared in the folio edition of Jonson’s 
Pe 3¢ ~~ Works, published in 1616°, It is certain, that, not 


‘3 ‘See the Chorus to the fifth Act of King Henry V. 
4  ** He rather prays, you will be pleased to see 
** One such, to day, as other plays should be ; 
** Where neither Chorus wafts you o'er the seas,” &c. 
Prologue to Every Manin his Humour. Fol. 1616. 
5 I had formerly supposed that Every Man in his Humour was 
Jonson's first dramatick performance; but the discovery of Hen~ 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. , 361 


long after the year 1600, a coolness ® arose between 
Shakspeare and him, which, however he may talk of 


“ slowe’s MSS. renders this very doubtful. That register contains 
acurious account of payments made to Jonson, at various times, 
for his labours in writing for the theatre. See vol. iii. p. 333. 
6 See an old comedy called The Return from Parnassus : 
{This piece was not published till 1606 ; but appears to have 
been written in 1602,—certainly was produced before the death 4-7 |... 
of Queen. Elizabeth, which happened on the 24th of March, ~ earmaeds Gy ter 
1602-3.] ‘* Why here's our fellow Shakspeare puts them all“ ” as oe 
down ; ay and Ben Jonson too. O, that Ben Jonson is a pes- 
tilent fellow; he brought up Horace giving the poets a pill, but 
our fellow Shakspeare hath given him a purge that made him 
bewray his credit.” 
The play of Jonson's in which he gave the poets a pill, is the 
Poetaster, acted in 1601. In that piece some passages of King 
Henry V. are ridiculed, In what manner Shakspeare put him 
down, or made him bewray his credit, does not appear. His 
retaliation, we may be well assured, contained no gross or illi- 
beral abuse ; and, perhaps, did not go beyond a ballad or an 
epigram, which may have perished with things of greater con- 
sequence. He has, however, marked his disregard for the calum- 
niator of his fame, by not leaving him any memorial by his Will. 
—lIn an apologetical dialogue which Jonson annexed to the Poet- 
aster, he says, he had been provoked for three years (i. e. from 


1598 to 1601) on every stage by slanderers ; as for the players, + gine es 


he says, lag an 
«¢ _. It is true, I tax'd them, ; poet 


«« And yet but some, and those so sparingly, 
“ As all the rest might have sat still unquestion’d :— 
«¢ ___. What they have’ done against me 
“Tam not mov'd with. If it gave them meat, 
* Or got them cloaths, ‘tis well; that was their end, 
«« Only, amongst them, | am sorry for 
«« Some better natures, by the rest drawn in 
«To run in that vile line.’’ 
By the words “ Some better natures,” there can, I think, be 
little doubt that Shakspeare was alluded to. 


362 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


his almost idolatrous affection, produced on his part, 
from that time to the death of our author, and for 
many years afterwards, much clumsy sarcasm, and 
many malevolent reflections ’. 


? In his Silent Woman, 1609, Act V. Sc. II. Jonson perhaps 
pointed at Shakspeare, as one whom he viewed with scornful, yet 
with jealous, eyes : 

** So they may censure poets and authors, and compare them ; 
Daniel with Spenser, Jonson with t'other youth, and so forth.” 
Decker, however, might have been meant. 

Again, in the same play : 

Bikes 0 outa ** You two shall be the chorus behind the arras, and whip out 

ha. 26% © <-~ between the acts, and speak.” 

| opera In the Induction to Bartholomew Fair, which was acted in 
1614, two years before the death of our author, three of his 
plays, and in the piece itself two others, are attempted to ¥e 
ridiculed. 

In The Devil's an Ass, acted in 1616, all his historical plays are 
obliquely censured : 

“ Meer-er, By my faith you are cunning in the chronicles. 

** Fitz-dot. No, I confess, I ha’t from the play-books, and 
think they are more authentick." 

They are again attacked in the Induction to Bartholomew 


Fair: 
: ** An some writer that I know, had but the penning o' this 
ye. Gas «—~ — matter, he would ha’ made you such a jig-a-jog 7 the booths, you 
etone<-e ~ — should ha’ thought an earthquake had been in the fair. But these 


master-poets, they will ha’ their own absurd courses, they will be 
informed of nothing.” 

The following passage in Cynthia's Revels, 1601, was, I think, 
likewise pointed against Shakspeare > - 

** Besides, they would wish our poets would leave to be pro- 
moters of other men’s jests, and to way-lay all the stale apothegms 
or old books they can hear of in print or otherwise, to farce their 
scenes witha] :—Again, that feeding their friends with nothing 

ae a of their own, but what they have ¢wice or thrice cooked, they 
nee my 7» should not wantonly give out how soon they had dress’d it, nor 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 363 


On this play, Mr. Pope has the eaaiany pea 
Act I. Se. L.: 

“ This first scene was added since the edition of 
1608, which is much short of the present editions, 


how many coaches came to carry away the broken meat, besides 
hobby-horses and foot-cloth nags,” 

Jonson's plots were all his own invention ; our author's chiefly 
taken from preceding plays or novels. The former employed a 
year or two in composing a play; the latter probably produced 
two every year, while he remained in the theatre. 
_. The Induction to The Staple of News, which appeared in 
1625, not very long after the publication of our author's plays in 
folio, contains a sneer at a passage in Julius Cesar: 

“ Know, Cesar doth not wrong; nor without cause 
“ Will he be satisfied.” 

which for the purpose of ridicule is quoted unfaithfully; and in 
the same play may be found an effort, as impotent as that of 
Voltaire *, to raise a laugh at Hamlet's exclamation when he 
kills Polonius. 

Some other passages which are found in Jonson’s works, might 
be mentioned in support of this observation, but being quoted 
hereafter for other purposes, they are here omitted. 

Notwithstanding these proofs, Jonson’s malevolence to Shak- 
speare, and jealousy of his superior reputation, have been doubted 
by Mr. Pope and others: and much stress has been laid on a 
passage in his Discoveries, and on the commendatory verses pre- 
fixed to the first edition of our author’s plays in folio.—The 
reader, after haying perused the following character of Jonson, 
drawn by Mr. Drummond of Hawthornden, a contemporary, and 
an intimate acquaintance of his, will not, perhaps, readily believe Z-. peer a 
these posthumous encomiums “to have been sincere. ‘ Ben Jon- ~neet ie Den 
son,” says that writer, “‘ was a great lover and praiser of him- a Fs Tees” 
self; a contemner and scorner of others; given rather to lose a pa 


* «Ah! ma mere, s’écrie-t-il, il y a un gros rat derriére la 
tapisserie ;—il tire son épée, court au rat, et tue le bon homme 
Polonius.” Muvres de Voltaire, t. xv. p. 473, 4to. 


364 _ LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 
wherein the speeches are generally enlarged, and 
raised ; several whole scenes besides, and the choruses 
also, were since added by Shakspeare.” 

‘Dr. Warburton also positively asserts, that this 
first scene was written after the accession. of King 


friend than a jest; jealous of every word and action of those 

about him, especially after drink, which is one of the elements in 
Je Ay. foe foe Which he lived; a dissembler of the parts which reign in him; a 
orale Leek. bragger of some good that he wanted; thinketh nothing well 
done, but what either he himself or some of his friends have said or 
done ; he is passionately kind and angry ; careless either to gain 
or keep ; vindictive, but if he be well answered, [angry] at him- 
self; interprets best sayings and deeds often to the worst *. He 
was for any religion, as being versed in both; oppressed with fancy, 
which over-mastered his reason, a general disease in many poets. 
His inventions are smooth and easy, but above all, he excelleth in 
translation.” Drummond’s Works, fol. 1711; p. 226. 

In the year 1619 Jonson went to Scotland, to visit Mr. Drum- 
mond, who has left a curious account of a conversation that 
passed between them, relative to the principal poets Fe those 
times. 

[I have already stated that, in superintending Mr. Malone’s work 
in its passage through the press, I did not feel justified in with- 
drawing any of his opinions, however erroneous I might think 
them, unless where I was authorized, either by his papers, or by 
something which I might have collected from him in conversation. 
I have, therefore, suffered this note to remain as it was originally 
written; although, at the same time, I do not hesitate to express 
my conviction that the charge against Jonson, which it contains, 
has been satisfactorily answered by Mr. Gifford. With this 
avowal, to prevent my being misunderstood, I quit a most 


ty Be: <<. unpleasing topick. Boswett.] 
REG ow ci lp ae . . . . . 
pis fer wong % His misquoting a line of Julius Cesar, so as to render it 
ne a ee 

na-% acek +> Monsense, at a time when the play was in print, is a strong illus- 


A et tration of this part of his character, The plea of an unfaithful 
ew. Sage 

Bey ones 4 memory ¢ cannot be urged in his defence, for he tells us in his 
wing) 7 Ze me ‘Discoveries, that till he was past forty, he could repeat every thing 


PI Ape 
2. Ss vv that he had written. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 365 


James I.; and the subsequent editors agree, that 
several additions were made by the author to King 
Henry V. after it was originally composed. But 
there is, I believe, no good ground for these asser- 
tions. It is true, that no perfect edition of this play 
was published before that in folio, in 1623; but it 
does not follow from thence, that the scenes which 
then first appeared in print, and all the choruses, 
were added by Shakspeare, as Mr. Pope supposes, 
after 1608. We know, indeed, the contrary to be 
true ; for the Chorus to the fifth Act must have been 
written in 1599. : 

The fair inference to be drawn from the imperfect 
and mutilated copies of this play, published in 
1600, 1602, and 1608, is, not that the whole play, 
as we now have it, did not then exist, but that those 
copies were surreptitious; and that the editor in 
1600, not being able to publish the whole, paaeen 
what he could. 

I have not, indeed, met with any evidence (except_ 
in three plays) that the several scenes which are found 
jn the folio of 1623, and are not in the preceding 
quartos, were added by the second labour of the 
author.—The last chorus of King Henry V. already 
mentioned, affords a striking proof that this was not 
always the case. The two copies of The Second 
Part of King Henry IV. printed in the same year 
(1600), furnish another. In one of these, the whole 


/ first scene of Act III. is wanting; not because it was 


| 


then unwritten (for it is found in the other copy pub- 


- lished in that year), but because the editor was not 


possessed of it. That what have been called addi- 


366 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


tions by the author, were not really such, may be 
also collected from another circumstance; that in 
some of the quartos where these supposed additions 
are wanting, references and replies are found to the 
passages omitted °. 

I do not, however, mean to say, that Shakspeate 
never made any alterations in his plays. We have 
reason to believe that Romeo and Juliet, Hamlet, 
and The Merry Wives of Windsor, were revised and 
augmented by the author; and a second revisal, or 
temporary topicks, might have suggested, in a course 
of years, some additions and alterations in some other 
of his pieces. But with respect to the entire scenes 
that are wanting in some of the early editions (par- 
ticularly those of King Henry V, King Richard II. 
and The Second Part of King Henry IV.), I sup- 
pose the omissions to have arisen from the imper- 
fection of the copies; and instead of saying that 
“ the first scene of King Henry V. was added by the 
author after the publication of the quarto in 1600,” 
all that we can pronounce with certainty is, that this 
seeiie is not found in the quarto of 1600. 


16. 4s You Like It, 1599. 
This comedy was not printed till 1623, and the 


“8 Of this seé a remarkable instance ii King Henty IV. 
Part II. Act I. Sc. I. where Morton in a long speech having in- 
formed Northumberland that the Archbishop of York had joined 
the rebel party, the Earl replies, —“ I knew of this before.” The 
quarto contains the reply, but not a single line of the narrative to 
which it relates. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 367 


caveat or memorandum ® in the second volume of 
the books of the Stationers’ Company, relative to 
the three plays of As You Like It, Henry V. and 
Much Ado About Nothing, has no date except Aug. 4. 
‘But immediately above that caveat thete is an entry, 
dated May 27, 1600,—and the entry immediately 
Sollowing it, is dated Jan. 23, 1603. We may there- 
fore presume that this caveat was entered between 
those two periods ; more especially, as the dates scat- 
tered over the pages where this entry is found, are, 
except in one instance, in a regular series from 1596 
to 1615. This will appear more clearly by exhibiting 
the entry exactly as it stands in the book : 


27 May, 1600. 
To Mr. Roberts.] Allarum to London. 


4 Aug. 
As You Like It, a book. 
Henry the Fift, a book. 
Every Man in his Humour, a book. 
Comedy of Much Ado about Nothing. 


23 Jan. 1603. 


To Thomas ae a ‘ 
aa Willian Sapir. This to be their copy, &e. 


It is extremely probable that this 4th of August 
was of the year 1600; which standing a little higher 
on the paper, the Clerk of the Stationers’ Company - 
might have thought unnecessary to be repeated. All 
the plays which were entered with As You Like It, 


to be 
staied. 


9 See Mr. Steevens’s extracts from the books of the Stationers’ 
Company, in a subsequent part of this volume. 
7 


368 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


and are here said to be staied, were printed. in the 
year 1600 or 1601. The stay or injunction against 
the printing appears to have been very speedily 
taken off; for in ten days afterwards, on the 14th of 
August, 1600, King Henry V. was entered, and 
published in the same year. So, Much Ado about 
Nothing was entered August 23, 1600, and printed 
also in that year: and Every Man in his Humour 
was published i in 1601. 
Shakspeare, it is said, played the part of dean in 
As You Like It. As he was not eminent on the 
stage, it is probable that he ceased to act some years 
before he retired to the country. His appearance, 
however, in this comedy, is not inconsistent with the 
date here assigned ; for we know that he performed. 
a part in Jonson’s Sejanus in 1603. 
A passage in this comedy furnishes an additional 
proof of its not having been written before the year 
# 1596, nor after the year 1603. “I will. weep for 
~~ nothing,” says Rosalind, “ like Diana in the foun- 
tain.” Stowe, in his Survey of London, 1598, in- 
forms us, that in the year 1598, at the east side of 
the Cross in Cheapside was set up “a curious wrought 
tabernacle of gray marble, and in the same an ala- 
baster image of Diana, and water conveyed from the 
Thames, prilling from her naked breast.” To this 
~ the passage above cited certainly alludes. In his 
second edition of the same work, printed in 1603, he 
informs the reader, that the water flowed in this 
manner for a time, but that the statue was then 
decayed. It was, we see, in order in 1598, and con- 
tinued so without doubt for a year afterwards, that 


a Te m— STEP che, nae es Lesw te eee 
a} % i hae A OG ke Fon fe 


a Ae Fo fon G a Boer Cae «ep 
ae Fg tie. <= E- ST hat aM Cee 
ne Oe PR Sy (uggs FP 0 Cn / a ae a= aa 

Bp kh Beth. Shin Lore Ci. ace. Melee eee 

4 ) ey DO Seep te Je ree! Ka? « CL aa KFA 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 369 


is, till 1599, when As You Like It appears to have 
been written. 

In this comedy a line of Marlowe’s Hero and 
Leander is quoted. That poem was published in 
1598, and probably before. — = 3- 


17. Much Ado About Nothing, 1600. fh Satler = 4g! 


Much Ado About Nothing was written, we wi 


HE 
“2 
® 
LE 
< 
5 
= 
@ 
<J 
@ 
5 
—_ 
S 
i) 
= 
sh 
5 
is 
= 
B 
— 
= 
& 
. 
n, 
AN 
aren 


It is hot: mentioned by Meres in his list of our 
author’s plays, published in the latter end of the year 
1598. 


18. Hamlet, 1600. 


In a former edition of this Essay I was induced to 
suppose that Hamlet must have been written prior to 
1598, from the loose manner in which Mr. Steevens 
has mentioned a manuscript note by Gabriel Harvey 
in a copy, which had belonged to him, of Speght’s 
edition of Chaucer, in which, we are told, he has set 
down Hamlet as a performance with which he was well 


acquainted in the year 1598. See vol. vii. p. 168. . 


But I have been favoured by the Bishop of Dromore 
[Dr. Percy], the possessor of the book referred to, 
with an inspection of it; and, on an attentive exami- 
nation, I have found reason to believe, that the note 
in question may have been written in the latter end 
of the year 1600. Harvey doubtless purchased . this 
volume in 1598, having, both at the beginning and 
end of it, written his name. But it by no means 
VOL, II. 2B 


370 _ LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


follows that all the intermediate remarks which are 
scattered throughout were put down at the same 
, time. He speaks of translated Tasso im one passage ; 
vag ge, and the first edition of Fairfax, which is doubtless 
“4-4 alluded to, appeared in 1600. There can be very 
fa ptf 
seo ““iittle doubt. that Hamlet was first performed i in the 


bg autumn of that year,“ from the reference which is 


We Kiet 


Le. (hen ~ made in it to the “ inhibition of the players” which 
pide «cz~» eomes by means of the late innovation, All the 
gee *~— theatres except the Fortune and the Globe were in- 
ices: Ke 4 “hibited by an Order of Council in June, 1600, printed 
BAe °° py Mr. Chalmers *; and so the other city tragedians 
es fe = 5 were forced to travel. This order arose probably 
F2sfrom the licentiousness of the children of Paules, 
< <7 who indulged in personal allusion, and were tyran- 
« <---~~nieally clapped for it. 
“one ~~ 7’ he following passage is found in ae "-Bpistle to 
noma A wepse the Gentlemen Students of the Two Universities, by 
ee “4: Thomas Nashe, prefixed to Greene’s Arcadia, which 
tg rea oo was published in 1589: “I will turn back to my 
ne cals first text of studies of delight, and talk a little in 
_~ <2. friendship with a few of our trivial translators. It is 
> a common practice now a-days, among a sort of shift- 
lea Paro -. ing companions, that runne through every art, , and 


ena ns > thrive by none, to leave the trade of Noverint °, 
Sn & SS 

a “sgn Son fl siaheg 
Cefeny Ka S TK 4 
fn By low Mh fan ome © 


pes ohne aed eee See vol. iii. p. 453. 

a Le ; 

LS ALES 8 ~~ The country lawyers too jog down apace, 

| 5 ara arene al “ Each with his noverint universi face.” 

eae oe Lp Arai Ravenscroft's Prologue prefixed to Titus Andronicus. 
Wk. LA. fLn-<€ 


om ele. a “ Our ancient deeds were written in Latin, and frequently began 
ae ‘<~+'with the words, Noverint Universi. The form is still retained. - 
oe. “ae & Ae Know all men, &e. i 

Or fia ¢ha 
ys Lee 


4 


(Mani fawn / 


P Pi 
[ae ee Pe 


cd fc hm Plrvied f2 Ley hogs fem Granha The gees 
Kha AZ, or gears ee 


ec SSI fen LS "ek te sh 
f- ae feet” s ia ie Lt Ty y a ape Zé DP nar 
PATE Oe AE alge gan ee Baca. 
CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 871 4 nec 2 
Jae We 


whereto they were born, and busie themselves with 
the endevors of art, that could scarcely latinize their 
neck-verse if they should have neede; yet English 
Seneca, read by candle-light, yeelds many good sen- 
tences, as Bloud is a beggar, and so forth: and, if. for 
you ‘intreat him faire in a frosty morning, he will 
affoord you whole Hamlets, I should say, Handfuls* 
of ‘tragical speeches. But O grief! Tempus edaxr 
rerum ;—what is it that will last always? - The 
séa exhaled by drops will in continuance be drie; 
and Seneca, let bloud line by line, and page by page, Ze a Angle 
at length must needes die to our stage.” ~ saiyt 
‘Not having seen the first edition of this tract till yaa, wit 
few years ago, I formerly doubted whether the fore-“““"** “~~ 
going passage referred to the tragedy of Hamlet ; 
but the .word Hamlets being printed in the original 
copy in a different character from the rest, I have no 
longer any doubt upon the subject. 
It is manifest from this passage that some play on 
the story of Hamlet had been exhibited before the 
year 1589 ; but I am inclined’ to think’ thit it was 
not Shakspeare’s drama, but an elder performance, 
on which, with the aid of the old prose History of 
_ ‘Hamlet; his tragedy was formed? ‘The great number“—< emai 


4a. 


of "piéées which we know he formed on the perform- ~ or CIE 
aE “hs 


antes’ of preceding writers®, renders it highly pro- ._- — AEH =| 


eee # on 


bable that some others also ‘of his dramas were con- 2 4-2 naaee 
structed on plays that are now lost. Perhaps the 2% “>7V20 


a oe 
ln tar Gu Aen. 
a aicass “aaiy tala 
6 See the Dissertation on the Three Parts of King Henry VI. 2 Zz Lb 
vol. xvii. aod 2S 
2B 2 se 


he 
@ 


372 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. ° 


Agden? dae. OYiginal Hamlet was written by Thomas Kyd’: who 


was the author of one play (and probably of more) 
to which no name is affixed’. The only tragedy to - 
which Kyd’s name is affixed (Cornelia), is a pro- 
fessed translation from the French of Garnier, who, 
as well as his translator, imitated Seneca. In Kyd’s 
Spanish Tragedy, as in Shakspeare’s Hamlet, there 
is, if I may say so, a play represented within a 
play : if the old play of Hamlet should ever be reco- 
vered, a similar interlude, I make no doubt, would be 
found there; and somewhat of the same contrivance’ 
may be traced in The old Taming of a Shrew, a 
comedy which perhaps had the same author as the 
other ancient pieces now enumerated. 

Nashe seems to point at some dramatick writer of 
that time, who had originally been a scrivener or 
attorney : 


« A clerk foredoom’d his father’s soul to cross, 
‘* Who penn'd a stanza when he should engross ; "2 fu 


who, instead of transcribing deeds and pleadings, 
chose to imitate Seneca’s plays, of which a translation 
had been published many years before. Our author, . 
however freely he may have borrowed from Plutarch 
and Holinshed, does not appear to be at all indebted 
to Seneca; and therefore I do not believe that he was» 
the person in Nashe’s contemplation. 


The tragedy of Hamlet was not registered in the 
books of the Stationers’ Company till the 26th of 


7 The Spanish Tragedy. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 373 


July, 1602. I believe it was then published, though ~ .. 
the earliest copy now extant is dated in 1604.. In i 
the title-page of that copy, the play is said to be 
* newly imprinted, and enlarged to almost as much 
again as it was, according to the true and perfect 
copy ;” from which words it is manifest that a former 
less perfect copy had been issued from the press. 

In,a tract entitled Wits Miserie or the World’s 
Madnesse, discovering the incarnate Devils of the 
Age, by Thomas Lodge, which was published in 
quarto in 1596, one of the devils (as Dr. Farmer hasy (2. 4 
observed) is said to be “a foule lubber, and looks as 
pale as the vizard of the ghost, who eried so miser-* — <<<. 
ably at the theatre, Hamlet, revenge.” If the alluz 2 . 4. 
sion was to our author’s tragedy, this passage will ~~’ 
ascertain its appearance in or before 1596 ; but Lodge 
must have had the elder play in his contemplation.. 


19. Merry Wives of Windsor, 1601. 
The following line in the earliest edition of this 
comedy, 


* Sail like my pinnace to those golden shores,” 


shows that it was written after Sir Walter Raleigh’s 
return from Guiana in 1596. 

The first sketch of The Merry Wives of Windsor 
was printed in 1602. It was entered in the books of 
the Stationers’ Company on the 18th of January, 
1601-2, and was therefore probably written in 1601, 
after the two parts of King Henry IV. being, it is 
said, composed at the desire of Queen Elizabeth, in 


374 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


order to exhibit Falstaff in love, when all the plea- 
santry which he could afford in any other situation 
was exhausted. But it may not be thought so clear, 
that it was written after King Henry V... Nym andBar- 
dolph are both hanged in King Henry V. yet appear 
in The Merry Wives of Windsor. Falstaff is dis- 
graced in The Second Part of King Henry IV. and 
dies in King Henry V.; but in The Merry Wives 
of Windsor, he talks as if he were yet in favour at 
court; “If it should come to the ear of the court 
how I have .been transformed,” &c.: and Mr. Page 
discountenances Fenton’s addresses to his daughter 
because he kept company with the wild Prince and 
with Pointz. 'These circumstances seem to favour 
the supposition that this play was written between 
the First and Second Parts of King Henry IV. But 
that it was not written then, may be collected from 
the tradition above mentioned. The truth, I believe, 
is, that though it ought to be read (as Dr. Johnson 
has observed) between The Second Part of King 
Henry IV. and King Henry V. it was written after 
King Henry V. and after Shakspeare had killed 
Falstaff. In obedience to the royal commands, having 
revived him, he found it necessary at the same time 
to revive all those persons with whom he was wont to 
be exhibited ; Nym, Pistol, Bardolph, and the Page: 
and disposed of them as he found it convenient, 
without a strict regard to their situations, or catas- 
trophes in former plays. 


* “ Well, an the fine wits of the Court heare this theyle so 
whip me,” &c, 4to. 1602. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. . 375 


» There is reason to believe that’ The Merry Wives 
of Windsor was revised and enlarged by the author, 
after its first production. The old edition in 1602, 
like that of Romeo and Juliet,“is apparently a poige 
draught, and not a mutilated or imperfect copy *. 
The precise time when the alterations and additions 
were made, has not been ascertained : however, some 
passages in the enlarged copy may assist us in our 
conjectures on the subject. 

Falstaff’s address to Justice Shallow in the first 
scene shows that the alterations were made after 
King James came to the throne: “ Now, Master 
Shallow, you'll complain of me to the king.” In 
the first copy the words are, “ to the council.” — 

When Mrs. Page observes to Mrs. Ford, that 
“these knights will hack,” which words are not in 
the original copy, Shakspeare, it has been thought, 
meant to convey a covert sneer at King James’s pro- 
digality in bestowing knighthood in the beginning of 
his reign. Between the king’s arrival at Berwick and 


2 Mr. Boaden dissents from this opinion ; and contends that the 
chasms which sometimes occur in the story of this drama as it 
appears in the early quarto, point out that copy as one which was 
imperfectly taken down during the representation. As an. in- 
stance of this he points out a passage in Act I, Sc. IV. where Dr. 
Caius says “‘ Sir Hugh send a you?” and upon that, determines to 
send him a challenge; in the folio, Mrs. Quickly had before told’ 
him that Simple had come with a message from Parson Hugh ; 
but this piece of information being omitted in the first edition, 
the doctor’s anger against the parson is rendered unintelligible. 
Yet this may have proceeded from the carelessness of the author 
himself ; Jet the reader judge. Boswett. 


ot fent# 


376 ~—«sOLIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


the 2d of May, 1603, he made 237 knights; and in 
the following July near four hundred. 

“ The best courtier of them all,” says Mrs. 
Quickly, “when the court lay at Windsor, could 
never have brought her to such a canary. Yet there 
have been knights, and lords, and gentlemen, with 
their coaches, I warrant you, coach after coach,” &c. 

The court went to Windsor in the beginning of 
July, 1603, and soon afterwards the feast of Saint 
George was celebrated there with great solemnity. 
The Prince of Wales, the Duke of Lenox, our 
poet’s great patron the Earl of Southampton, the 
Earl of Pembroke, and the Earl of Marre, were 
installed knights of the garter ; and the chief ladies 
of England did homage to the queen. The king 
and queen afterwards usually resided in the summer 
at Greenwich. The allusion to the insignia of the 
order of the garter in the fifth Act of this comedy, 
if written recently after so splendid a solemnity, 
would have a peculiar grace; yet the order having 
been originally instituted at Windsor by King 
Edward III. the place in which the scene lay, 
might, it must be owned, have suggested an allusion 
to it, without any particular or temporary object.— 
It is observable that Mrs. Quickly says, there had 
been knights, lords, and gentlemen, with their 
coaches, coach after coach, &c. Coaches, as appears 
from Howes’s Continuation of Stowe’s Chronicle, did 
not come into general use, till the year 1605. It 
may therefore be presumed, that this play was not 
enlarged very long before that year. 


f 


| 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 377 


- There is yet another note of time to be considered. 
In the first scene of the enlarged copy of The Merry — 
Wives of Windsor, Slender asks Mr. Page, “ How 
does your fallow greyhound, sir? I hear he was outrun 
on Cotsale.” He means the Cotswold hills in Glouces- 
tershire. In the beginning of the reign of James the 
First, the Cotswold games were instituted by one 
Dover. They consisted, as Mr. Warton has observed 
of “ wrestling, leaping, pitching the. bar, handling 
the pike, dancing of women, various kinds of hunt- 
ing, and particularly coursing the hare with grey- 
hounds.” Mr. Warton is of opinion, that two or 
three years must have elapsed before these games 
could have been effectually established, and therefore 
supposes that our author’s additions to this comedy 
were made about the year 1607. Dr. Farmer 
doubts whether Capt. Dover was the founder of these 
games. “ Though the Captain,” he observes, “ be 
celebrated in the Annalia Dubrensia as the founder 
of them, he might be the reviver only, or some way 
contribute to make them more famous; for in the 
second part of King Henry IV. Justice Shallow 
reckons among the swinge-bucklers, “ Will Squeele, 
a Cotsole man.” In confirmation of Dr. Farmer’s 
opinion, Mr. Steevens remarks, that in Randolph’s 
poems, 1638, is found “ An eclogue on the noble 


_ assemblies revived on Cotswold hills by Mr. Robert 


\ 


\ Dover.” 


If the Cotswold games were celebrated before the 
death of Queen Elizabeth, the passage above cited 
certainly proves nothing. Let us then endeavour to 


a 


378 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE, 


ascertain that fact. Dover himself tells us in the 

Annalia Dubrensia that he was the founder of these 

games : 
on {et Iwas bold for better recreation 

“ae ‘To invent these Sports, to counter-check that fashion :" 


pe from Ben Jonson’s verses in the same collection 
we ‘learn that they were exhibited in the time’ of 
James I. and revived in’ 1636. Nothing more then 
follows from’ Randolph’s verses, compared with 
Jonson’s, than'that the games had been discontinued 
after’ their first institution by Dover (probably soon. 
after *the*death of King James), and were revived 
by°their founder at a subsequent period. Cotswold, 
long before the death of Elizabeth, might have been 
famous for'swinge bucklers, or in other words* for 
strong ‘men, skilled in fighting with’ sword and 
buckler, ‘wrestling, and other athletick exercises: 
butthete is no ground for supposing that coursing 
with ‘greyhounds, in order to obtain 'the prize of @ 
silver'‘collar, was customary there, till Dover insti- 
tuted those prizes after the accession of James to" bai 
throne. 

That they were instituted about the year 1603, 
when’ King James acceded to the English throne, 
may be collected from the account given of them 
by Wood, in his Athen. Oxon. vol. ii. p. 812: 


[ “The said games were begun, and continued “ata 


certain time ofthe year, for 40 years, by one Robert 
Dover, an attorney of Burton on the heath in War- 


~ wickshire ; who did, with leave from King James I. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 379 


select. a place on -Cotswold-hills.in Glocestershire, 
whereon:: those games.should be acted. Dover was 
constantly there in person, well mounted and:accou- 
tred, and was the chief director and manager of 
those games, even till the rascally rebellion was 
begun by the Presbyterians, which gave a stop to 
their proceedings, and od all that was ee 
and ingenious elsewhere.” 

This comedy was, not fainted4 in its present state 
till 1623, when it was published with the rest of 
our author’s plays in folio. The republication: of 
the imperfect copy in 1619 has been mentioned asa 
circumstance from which we may infer that Shak- 
speare’s improved play was not written, or at least 
not. acted, till some years after 1607. I confess, I 
do not perceive, on what ground this inference’ is 


, made. . Arthur Johnson, the bookseller for whom ‘the 


imperfect. copy of this: play was published im 1602, 
when the whole.edition was sold off,. reprinted) it in 
1619, knowing that the enlarged copy remained in 
MS. in. the -hands of the proprietors of the» Globe 
theatre, and that such of the publick as wished to 
read, the play.in any form, must read the imperfect 
play,. of which he had secured. the:property*by enter- 
ing it..at. Stationers’ Hall. In the same’ manner 
Thomas Pavier in 1619 reprinted the first and second 
parts.of The Whole Contention of the Two Houses 
of Yorke and Lancaster, though he could not but 
know .that the Second and Third Parts of ‘King 
Henry VI. which were formed on those pieces, and 
were much more valuable than them, had been fre- 


380 _ LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE, 


quently acted, antecedent to his republication, and 
that the original plays had long been withdrawn from 
the scene. Not being able to procure the improved 
and. perfect copies, a am; bookseller would publish 
what he could. 


20. Troilus and Cressida, 1602. 


Troilus and Cressida was entered at Stationers’ 
Hall, Feb. 7, 1602-3, under the title of The booke 
of Troilus and Cressida, by J, Roberts, the printer of 
Hamlet, The Merchant of Venice, and A Mid- 
summer-Night’s Dream. It was therefore, probably, 
written in 1602. It was printed in 1609, with the 
title of The History of Troylus and Cressida, with 
a preface by the editor, who speaks of it as if it 
had not been then acted, But it is entered in 
1602-3, “ as acted by my Lord Chamberlen’s men.” 
The players at the Globe theatre, to which Shak- 
speare belonged, were called the Lord Chamberlen’s 
seroants, till the year 1603. In that year they 
obtained a licence for their exhibitions from King 
James; and from that time they bore the more 
honourable appellation of his majesty’s servants: 
There can, therefore, be little doubt, that. the 
Troilus and Cressida which is here entered, as acted 
at Shakspeare’s theatre, was his play, and was, if 
not represented, intended to have been represented 
there. 

Perhaps the two discordant accounts, relative to 
this piece, may be thus reconciled. It might have 
been performed in 1602 at court, by the lord: cham- 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 381 


berlain’s servants (as many plays at that time were), 
and yet not have been exhibited on the publick stage 
till some years afterwards. The editor in 1609 only 
says, “ it had never been staled with the stage, never - 
clapper-claw’d with the palms of the vulgar.” 

As a further proof of the early appearance of 
Troilus and Cressida, it may be observed, that an 
incident in it seems to be burlesqued in a comedy 
entitled Histriomastix, which, though not printed 
till 1610, must have been written before the death 
of Queen Elizabeth, who, in the last Act of the 
piece, is shadowed under the character of Astrea, 
and is spoken of as then living. 

In our author’s play, when Troilus and Cressida 
part, he gives her his sleeve, and she, in return, pie 
sents him with her glove. 

To this circumstance these lines in Histriomastix 
seem to refer. They are spoken by Troilus and 
Cressida, who are introduced in an interlude: 


“« Troi. Come, Cressida, my cresset light, 
«Thy face doth shine both day and night. 
* Behold, behold, thy garter blue 
“ Thy knight his valiant elbow weares, 
“That, when he shakes his furious speare, _ 
“« The foe in shivering fearful sort 
** May lay him down in death to snort. 


** Cress. O knight, with valour in thy face, 
“* Here take my skreene, weare it for grace ; 
‘* Within thy helmet put the same, 
“ Therewith to make thy enemies lame.” 


In Much Ado About Nothing, Troilus is mentioned 
as “ the first employer of pandars.” Shakspeare, 


382 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


therefore, probably had read Chaucer’s poem before 
the year 1600, when that play was printotn ) 
spicapnigarngreanatie thatiycrotic eve cena dlit 


a Thersites’ Dod i is as good as Ajax’, 
*« When neither are alive.” 


This seems to import a precedent es of 
Ajax and Thersites, and in this light may be re- 
garded as a’ presumptive proof’ that Troilus’ onl 
Cressida was written’ before Cymbeline: 

«Dryden supposed Troilus and Cressida to’ ioe 
been-one of Shakspeare’s earliest performances °; but 
has not mentioned on what principles ‘he founded his 
judgment. Pope, on the other hand, thought it one 
of his last; grounding’ ‘his’ opinion ‘not only on 
the preface by the editor in’ 1609, but on “ the 

/ great number of observations both moral ‘and poli- 
tical with which this piece is crouded, more than 

\any other of our author’s.”\ For my own part, were 
it not for the entry in the Stationers’ books, I should 
have been led, both by the colour of the writing, and 
by the above-mentioned preface, to class it (though 
not one of our author’s happiest effusions) in 1608, 
rather than in that year in which it is here placed. 

Yet, after all, I may still be mistaken. It appears 


3 «The tragedy which I have undertaken ‘to correct, was in 
all probability one of his first endeavours on the stage.—Shak- 
speare (as I hinted) in the apprenticeship of his writing modelled 
it [the story of Lollius] into that play which is now called by the 
name of Troilus and Cressida."—Dryden's Pref. to Troilus and 
Cressida. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 383 


from Henslowe’s MSS. vol. iii. p. 331, that a play 
upon the subject of Troilus and Cressida had been 
written by Dekker and Chettle in 1599; and this 


elder drama may have been the object of satire in 
Histriomastix. 


24, Measure for Measure, 1603. 


This play was not registered at Stationers’ Hall, 
nor printed, till 1623. But from two passages in 
it, which seem intended as a courtly apology for the 
stately and -ungracious demeanour of King James I. 
on his entry into England, it appears probable that 
it was written not long after his accession to the 
throne : 


‘I'll privily away. I love the people, 

** But do not like to stage me to their eyes. 

“ Though it do well, Ido not relish well 

“* Their loud applause, and aves vehement ; 

“* Nor do! think the man of safe discretion 

* That does affect it.” Measure for Measure, Act I. Se, I. 


Again, Act II. Se. IV. 


« —. So 

“The general, subject to a well-wish'd king, 

** Quit their own part, and in obsequious fondness 
“* Croud to his presence, where their untaught love 
$ Must needs appear offence +.” 


King James was' so much offended by the untaught, 
and, we may add, undeserved, gratulations of his 
subjects, on his entry into England, that he issued a 
proclamation, forbidding the people to resort to him. 


4 See Mr. Tyrwhitt’s note. 


384 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. - 

—* Afterwards,” says the historian of his reign, 
“in his publick appearances, especially in his sports, 
the accesses of the people made him so impatient, 
that he often dispersed them with sathiiataas that we 
may not say with curses °.” 


It is observable throughout our authala plays 


that he does not scruple to introduce English signs, 
habits, customs, names, &c. though the scene of his 
drama lies in a foreign country; and that he has 
frequent allusions to the circumstances of the day, 
though the events which form the subject of his piece 
are supposed to have happened a thousand. years 
before. ‘Thus, in Coriolanus, Hob and Dick are 
plebeians ; and the Romans toss their caps in the 
air, with the same expressions of festivity which 
our poet’s contemporaries displayed in Stratford or 
London. In Twelfth-Night we hear of the bed of 
Ware, and the bells of Saint Bennet; and in The 
Taming of the Shrew the Pegasus, a sign of a pub- 
lick house in Cheapside in the time of Queen Eliza- 
beth, is hung up in a town in Italy. In Hamlet the 
Prince of Denmark and Guildenstern hold a long con- 
versation concerning the children of the Chapel and 
St. Pauls. The opening of the present play, viewed 
in this light, furnishes an additional argument in 
support of the date which I have assigned to it. 
When King James came to the throne of England, 
March 24, 1602-3, he found the kingdom engaged in 
a war with Spain, which had lasted near twenty 
years. “ Heaven grant us his peace /” says a gen- 


5 Wilson’s History of King James, ad ann. 1603. 


tra 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 385 


tleman to Lucio, Act I. Sc. II.; and afterwards the 
bawd laments, that “ what with the war, what with — 
the sweat, she was custom-shrunk.” Supposing these 
two passages to relate to our author’s own time, they 
almost decisively prove Measure for Measure to have 
been written in 1603; when the war was not yet 
ended, as the latter words seem to imply, and when 
there was some prospect of peace, as the former seem 
to intimate. Our British Solomon very soon after his 
accession to the throne manifested his pacifick dispo- 
sition, though the peace with Spain was not pro- 
claimed till the 19th of August, 1604. 

By the sweat, considering who the speaker is, it 
is probable that the disorder most fatal to those of 
her profession was intended. However, the plague 
was sometimes so called; and perhaps the dreadful 
pestilence of 1603 was meant; which carried off in 
the month of July in that year 857 persons, and 
in the whole year 30,578 persons: that is, one fifth 
part of the people in the metropolis; the total 
number of the inhabitants of London being at that 
time about one hundred and fifty thousand. If such 
was the allusion, it likewise confirms the date attri- 
buted to this play. 

Some part of this last argument in confirmation of 
the date which I had assigned. some years ago to the 
comedy before us, I owe to Mr. Capell; and while I 
acknowledge the obligation, it is but just to add, that 
it is the only one that I met with, which in the small- 
est degree could throw any light on the present in- 
quiry into the dates of our author's plays, 


“In the dry desert of ¢en thousand lines ; ” 
VOL. II. 2c 


386 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


after wading through two ponderous volumes in 
quarto, written in a style manifestly formed on that 
of the Clown in the comedy under our consideration, 
whose narratives, we are told, were calculated to last 
out a night in Russia, when nights are at the 
longest. ; 

In the year 1604, says Wilson the historian, 
“the sword and buckler trade being out of date, 
diverse sects of vitious persons, under the title of 
roaring boys, bravadoes, roysters, &c. commit many 
insolencies ; the streets swarm night and day with 
quarrels: private duels are fomented, especially be- 
tween the English and Scotch: and great feuds be- 
tween protestants and papists.” A proclamation was 
published to restrain these enormities ; which proving 
ineffectual, the legislature interposed, and the act com- 
monly called the statute of stabbing, 1 Jac. I. ¢. 8. was 
made, This statute, as Sir Michael Foster observes, 
was principally intended to put a stop to the outrages 
above enumerated, “ committed by persons of inflam- 
mable spirits and deep resentment, who, wearing short 
daggers under their cloaths, were too well prepared to 
do quick and effectual execution upon provocations 
extremely slight.”. King James’s first parliament 
met on the 19th of March, 1603-4, and sat till the 
7th of July following. From the time of James’s 
accession to the throne great animosity subsisted be- 
tween the English and Scotch; and many of the 
outrageous acts which gave rise to the statute of 
stabbing, had been committed in the preceding: year, 
about the end of which year I suppose Measure for 
Measure to have been written. The enumeration 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 387 


made by the Clown, in the fourth Act, of the persons 
who were confined with him in the prison, is an addi- 
tional confirmation of the date assigned to it. Of 
ten prisoners whom he names, four are stabbers, or 
duellists: “ Master Starvelacky, the rapier and 
dagger man, young Drop-heir that killed lusty Pud- 
ding, Master Forth-right, the tilter, and wild Half- 
can that stabbed Pots.” 

That Measure for Measure was written before 
1607, may be fairly concluded from the following 
passage in a poem published in that year, which we 
have good ground to believe was copied from a 
similar thought in this play, as the author, at the 
end of his piece, professes a personal regard for 
Shakspeare, and highly praises his Venus and 
Adonis’, 

«© So play the foolish throngs with one that stooons ; 
“ Come all to he/p him, andso stop the air 


** By which he should revive.” 
Measure for Measure, Act Il. Se. IV. 


** And like as when some sudden extasie 

** Seizeth the nature of a sicklie man; 
«* When he’s discern’d to swoone, straite by and by 

“ Folke to his helpe confusedly have ran ; 
« And seeking with their art to fetch hin backe, 
“ So many throng, that he the ayre doth lacke.” 

Myrrha, the Mother of Adonis, or Luste’s Prodigies, 
by William Barksted, a poem, 1607. 


® See the verses alluded to, in a note on the extracts from the 
Stationers’ Registers. This writer does riot seem to have been 
very scrupulous about adopting either the thoughts or expressions 


_ of his contemporaries ; for in his poem are found two lines taken 


verbatim from Marston's Insatiate Countess, printed four years 


_ before Myrrha, the Mother of Adonis, &.; >| 


2c 2 


388 ‘LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


22. King Henry VIII. 1603. 


This play was probably written, as Dr. Johnson 
and Mr. Steevens observe, partly before the death’ of 
Queen Elizabeth, which happened on the 24th of 
March, 1602-3. The elogium on King James, which 
is blended with: the panegyrick on Elizabeth, ‘in 
the last scene, was evidently a subsequent insertion, 
after the accession of the Scottish monarch to the 
throne: for Shakspeare was too well acquainted 
with courts, to compliment, in the life-time of 
Queen Elizabeth, her presumptive successor, of 
whom history informs us she was not a little jealous. 
That the prediction concerning King James was 
added after the death of the Queen, is still more 
clearly evinced, as Dr. Johnson has remarked, by the 
aukward manner in which it is connected with the 
foregoing and subsequent lines. 

The following lines in that prediction may serve to 
ascertain the time when the compliment was intro- 
duced : , 

«* Wherever the bright sun of heaven shall shine, 
‘* His honour and the greatness of his name 
** Shall be, and make new nations.” 
Though Me was discovered in 1584, the 


-~ 


“‘ Night, like a masque, was enter’d heaven's great hall, 
‘* With thousand torches ushering the way.” 

It appears from Ben Jonson’s Silent Woman, that W. Barksted 
was an actor, and was employed in the theatre where our author's 
plays were represented. He might therefore have performed a 
part in Measure for Measure, or have seen the copy before it was 
printed. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 389. 


first colony sent out went there in 1606. In_that. 
year the king granted two letters patent for planting 
that country, one to the city of London, the other to 
the cities of Bristol, Exeter, and Plymouth. The 
colony sent from London, settled in Virginia; that 
from the other cities, in New England ; the capital of 
which was built in the following year, and called 
James town. In 1606 also a scheme was adopted for , 
the plantation of Ulster in Ireland*. I suspect, 
therefore, that the panegyrick on the king was intro- 
duced either in that year, or in 1612, when a lottery 
was granted expressly for the establishment of English 
Colonies in Virginia. 

It may be objected, that if this play was written 
after the accession of King James, the author could 
not introduce a panegyrick on him, without making 
Queen Elizabeth the_ yehicle of it, she being the 
object immediately presented to the audience in the 
last Act of King Henry VIII.: and that, therefore, 
the praises so profusely lavished on her, do not prove 
this play to have been written in her life-time; on 
the contrary, that the concluding lines of her cha- 
racter seem to imply that she was dead, when it was 
composed. ‘The objection certainly has weight; but, 
I apprehend, the following observations afford a suffi- 
cient answer to it. 

1. It is more likely that Shakspeare should have 
written a play, the chief subject of which is, the 
disgrace of Queen Catharine, the aggrandizement of 
Anne Boleyn, and the birth of her daughter, in the 


2 Bacon's Works, vol. iv. p. 440. 


390 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


life-time of that daughter, than after her death: at 
a time when the subject must have been highly 
pleasing at court, rather than at a period when it 
must have been less interesting. 

Queen Catharine, it is true, is represented as an 
amiable character, but still she is eclipsed; and the 
greater her merit, the higher was the compliment 
to the mother of Elizabeth, to whose superior beauty 
she was obliged to give way. 

2. If King Henry VIII. had been written in the 
time of King James I. the author, instead of expa- 
tiating so largely in the last scene, in praise of the 
Queen, which he could not think would be accept- 
able to her successor, who hated her memory’, would 
probably have made him the principal figure in the 
prophecy, and thrown her into the back-ground as 
much as possible. 

8. Were James I. Shakspeare’s chief object in the 
original construction of the last Act of this play, he 
would probably have given a very short character of 
Elizabeth, and have dwelt on that of James, with 
whose praise he would have concluded, in order to 
make the stronger impression on the audience, in- 
stead: of returning again to Queen Elizabeth, in a 
very aukward and abrupt manner, after her character 
seemed to be quite finished: an aukwardness that 
can only be accounted for, by supposing the panegy- 
rick on King James an after-production *. 

3 King James on his accession to the throne studiously marked 
his disregard for Elizabeth by the favour which he showed to 
Lord Southampton, and to every other person who had been dis- 


graced by her. Of this Shakspeare could not be ignorant. 
4 After having enumerated some of the blessings which were 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 391 


4. If the Queen had been dead when our author 
began to write this play, he would have been ac- 
quainted with the particular circumstances attending 
her death, the situation of the kingdom at that time, — 
and of foreign states, &c. and as Archbishop Cranmer 
is supposed to have had the gift of prophecy, Shak- 
speare, probably, would have made him mention some 
of those circumstances. Whereas the prediction, as 
it stands at present, is quite general, and such as 
might, without any hazard of error, have. been pro- 
nounced in the life-time of her Majesty; for the 


to ensue from the birth of Elizabeth, and celebrated her majesty's 
various virtues, the poet thus proceeds : 
** Cran. In her days every man shall eat in safety 
“ Under his own vine, what he plants, and sing 
“ The merry songs of peace to all his neighbours. 
«* God shall be truly known; and those about her 
“ From her shall read the perfect ways of honour, 
* And by those claim their greatness, not by blood. : 
« (Nor shall this peace sleep with her; but as when 
«« The bird of wonder dies, the maiden phoenix, 
«* Her ashes new-create another heir, ae a 
«* As great in admiration as herself ; 
“* So shall she leave her blessedness to one, &c, 
s He shall flourish, 
“« And, like a mountain cedar, reach his branches 
‘* To all the plains about him :—our children’s children 
‘* Shall see this, and bless heaven. 
« King. Thou speakest wonders. ] 
“* Cran. She shall be, to the happiness of England, 
«« An aged princess ; many days shall see her, 
‘* And yet no day without a deed to crown it. 
«* Would I had known no more! but she must die, 
‘‘ She must, the saints must have her ; yet a virgin,” &c. 
The lines between crotchets are those supposed to have been 
inserted by the author after the accession of King James. 


392 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


principal facts that it foretells, are, that she should die 
aged, and a virgin. Of the former, supposing this pre- 
diction to have been written in 1602, the author 
was sufficiently secure; for she was then near seventy 


years-old. The latter may perhaps be thought too: 


delicate a subject, to have been mentioned while she 
was yet living. But we may presume, it was’ far 
from being an ungrateful topick ; for very early after 
her accession to the throne, she appears to have been 
proud of her maiden character; declaring that she 
was wedded to her people, and that she desired no 
other inscription on her tomb, than—*« Here lyeth 
Elizabeth, who reigned and died a virgin®.” Be- 
sides, if Shakspeare knew, as probably most people at 
that time did, that she became very solicitous about 
the reputation of virginity, when her title to it was 
at least equivocal, this would be an additional in- 
ducement to him to compliment her on that head. 

5. Granting that the latter part of the panegyrick 
on Elizabeth implies that she was dead when it was 
composed, it would not prove that this play was 
written in the time of King James; for ¢hese latter 
lines in praise of the Queen,. as well as the whole of 
the compliment. to the King, might have been added 
after his accession to the throne, in order to bring 
the speaker back to the object immediately before 
him, the infant Elizabeth. And this Mr. Theobald 

conjectured to have been the case. I do not, how- 
ever, see any necessity for this supposition ; as there 
is nothing, in my apprehension, contained in any of 


5 Camden, 27, Melvil,; 49. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 393 


the lines in praise of the Queen, inconsistent with 
the notion of the whole of the panegyrick on her 
having been composed in her life-time. 

In further confirmation of what has been here 
advanced to show that this play was partly written 
while Queen Elizabeth was yet alive, it may be 
observed (to use the words of an anonymous writer °), 
that “ Shakspeare has cast the disagreeable parts of 
her father’s character as much into shade as_possi- 
ble ; that he has represented him as greatly displeased 
with the grievances of his subjects, and ordering them 
to be relieved ; tender and obliging [in the early part 
of the play] to his queen, grateful to the cardinal, 
and in the case of Cranmer, capable of distinguishing 
and rewarding true merit.”—‘ He has exerted (adds 
the same author) an equal degree of complaisance, by 
the amiable lights in which he has shown the mother 
of Elizabeth. Anne Bullen is represented as affected 
with the most tender concern for the sufferings of her 


mistress, queen Catharine ; receiving the honour the ~ 


king confers on her, by making her marchioness of 
Pembroke, with a graceful humility; and more 
anxious to conceal her advancement from the queen, 
lest it should aggravate her sorrows, than solicitous to 
penetrate into the meaning of so extraordinary a 


favour, or of indulging herself in the flattering 39, 
Ae 


prospect of future royalty.” ~ 


It is unnecessary to quote particular passages in-<~ “* 


ee a 


support of these assertions; but the following lines,» ~/-- 
which are spoken of Anne Boleyn by the Lord Cham-“ ~*<~*’ /, 


berlain, appear to me so'evidently calculated for the 


© The author of Shakspeare Illustrated. [Mrs. Lennox.] 


394 _ LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


ear of Elizabeth (to whom such incense was by no 
means displeasing), that I cannot forbear to transcribe 
them : 


** She is a gallant creature, and complete 
** In mind and feature. I petsuade me, from her 
* Will fall some blessing to this land, which shall 

“« In it be memoriz'd.” 

Again : 

sb I have perus’d her well ; 
«« Beauty and honour are in her so mingled, 
“ That they have caught the king: and who knows yet, 


** But from this lady may proceed a gem, 
“ To lighten all this isle.” 


Our author had produced so many plays in the 


Henry VIII. was written before 1603. It might 
perhaps with equal propriety be ascribed to 1602, and 
it is not easy to determine in which of those years it 
was composed ; but it is extremely probable that it 
3 eo was written in one of them. It was not printed till 


Es * of the Seationsieg Company, and published, in the 
——~~"___- year 1599, perhaps suggested this subject. to Stade. 
speare. 

He had also certainly read Churchyard’s Legend 
of Cardinal Wolsey, printed in The Mirrour for 
Magistrates, 1587. 

“ Have we some strange Indian with the great 
tool come to court, the women so besiege us,” says 
the Porter in the last Act of this play. This note 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 395 
of time may perhaps hereafter serve to ascertain the 4A. 


, date of this piece, though I cannot avail myself of it, 
not having been able to discover to what circum- r 
stance/Shakspeare /here alludes. ay SR: fy | 


Rowley’s King Henry VIII. was published in 
1605, probably with a view that it also might be 
confounded with Shakspeare’s drama; and both it 
and Lord Cromwell were re-printed with the same 
fraudulent intention in 1613, in which year our 
author’s play was revived with great splendour. 

The Globe play-house, we are told by the conti- 
nuator of Stowe’s Chronicle, was burnt down, on 
St. Peter’s day, in the year 1613, while the play 
of King Henry VIII. was exhibiting. Sir Henry 
Wotton (as Mr. Tyrwhitt has observed) says, 
in one of his letters, that this accident happened 
during the exhibition of a new play, called All is 
True; which, however, appears both from Sir Henry’s 
minute description of the piece, and from the account 
given by Stowe’s continuator, to have been our 
author’s play of King Henry VIII. If indeed Sir 
H. Wotton was accurate in calling it a mew play, all 
the foregoing reasoning on this subject would be at 
once overthrown: and this piece, instead of being 
ascribed to 1603, should have been placed ten 
years later. But I strongly suspect that the only 
novelty attending this play, in the year 1613, was 
its title, decorations, and perhaps the prologue and 

if epilogue. The Elector Palatine was in London in «..- “ 

_ that year; and it appears from the MS. register of’ oe 

\ Lord Harrington, treasurer of the chambers to King <-> 
James I. that many of our author’s plays were then 


a 


396° LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


exhibited for the entertainment of him and the prin-. 
cess Elizabeth. By the same register we learn, that 


the titles of many of them were changed ’ in that 
year. Princes are fond of opportunities to. display. 
their magnificence before strangers of distinction ; 
and James, who on his arrival here must have been 
dazzled by a splendour foreign to the poverty of his 
native kingdom, might have been peculiarly ambi- 
tious to exhibit before his son-in-law the mimick pomp 
of an English coronation *. King Henry VIII. there- 
fore, after having lain by for some years unacted, on 
account of the costliness of the exhibition, might have 
been revived in 1613, under the title of All is True, 
with new decorations, and a new prologue and epi- 


logue. Mr. Tyrwhitt observes, that the prologue has. 


two or three direct references to this title; a cireum- 
stance which authorizes us to conclude, almost with 
certainty, that it was an occasional production, written 
some. years after the composition of the play. King 
Henry VIII. not being then printed, the fallacy of 
calling it a new play on its revival was not easily 
detected. 


7 Thus, Henry IV. Part I. was. called Hotspur; Henry IV. 
Part II. or The Merry Wives of Windsor, was exhibited under 
the name of Sir John Falstaff ; Much Ado about Nothing was new- 
named Benedick and Beatrix; and Julius Cesar seems to have 
been represented under the title of Cesar’s Tragedy. 

8 The Prince Palatine was not present at the representation of 
King Henry VIII. on the 30th of June O, S. when the Globe 
playhouse was burnt down, having left England some time before. 
But the play might have been revived for his entertainmentin the 
beginning of the year 1613; and might have been occasionally. 

_ Tepresented afterwards. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 397 


-Dr. Johnson long since suspected, from the ‘con- 
temptuous manner in which “ the noise of targets, 
and the fellow in a long motley coat,” or in’ other 
words, most of our author’s plays are spoken. of, in 
this prologue, that it was not the composition of 
Shakspeare, but written after his departure from the 
stage; on some accidental revival of King Henry VIII. 
by Ben Jonson, whose style, it seemed to him to 
resemble ®. Dr. Farmer is of the same opinion, and 


9 In support of this conjecture it may be observed, that Ben 
Jonson has in many places endeavoured to ridicule our author for 
representing battles on the stage. So, in his prologue to Every 
Man ‘in his Humour : 

« __. Yet ours, for want, hath not so lov'd the stage, 
“As he dare serve the ill customs of the age ; 
‘* Or purchase your delight at such a rate, 
“As, for it, he himself must justly hate ; 
‘© To make, &c. 
s or with three rusty swords, 
«And help of some few foot-and-half-foot words, 
« Fight over York and Lancaster's long jars, 
' « And in the tyring house bring wounds to scars.” 

Again, in his Silent Woman, Act IV. Sc. IV. : 

“ Nay, I would sit out a play, that were nothing but fights at 
sea, drum, trumpet, and target.” 

We are told in the memoirs of Ben Jonson's life, that he went 
to France in the year 1613. But at the time of the revival of 
King Henry VIII. he either had not left England, or was then 


returned ; for he was a spectator of the fire which happened at ¢ 
thé Globe theatre during the representation of that piece. [See:~- 


the next note.] 

‘It may, perhaps, seem extraordinary, that he ‘should have 
presumed to prefix this covert censure of Shakspeare to one of 
his own plays. But he appears to have eagerly embraced every 
opportunity of depreciating him. This occasional prologue (who- 
ever was the writer of it) confirms the tradition handed down by 


398 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


thinks he sees something of Jonson’s hand here and 
there in the dialogue also. After our author’s retire- 
ment to the country, Jonson was perhaps employed 
to give a novelty to the piece by a new title and 


_ logue, and to furnish _ managers of the Globe with 


~ Rowe, that our author retired from the stage some years before 
his death. Had he been at that time joined with Heminge and 
Burbage in the management of the Globe theatre, he scarcely 
would have suffered the lines above alluded to, to have been 
spoken. In Lord Harrington's account of the money disbursed 
for the plays that were exhibited by his majesty's servants in the 
year 1613, before the Elector Palatine, all the payments are said. 
to have been made to ‘* John Heminge, for himself and the rest 
of his fellows ;” from which we may conclude: that he was prin- 
cipal manager. A correspondent, however, of Sir Thomas Puck~- 
ering’s (as I learn from Mr. Tyrwhitt) in a MS, letter, preserved 
in the Museum, and dated in the’ — 1613, calls the company at 
the Globe, “‘ Bourbage’s company.”—Shakspeare’s name stands 
before either of these, in the licence granted by King James: and 


_ had he not left London before that time, the players. at. the Globe 


/ 


' theatre, I imagine, would rather have been entitled, his company. 


—The burlesque parody on the account of Falstaff’s death, which 
is contained in Fletcher's comedy of ‘Fhe Captain, acted in 1613, 
and the ridicule of Hamlet's celebrated soliloquy, and of Ophelia’s 
death, in his Scornful Lady, which: was’ represented about the 
same time, confirm the tradition that our author had then retired 
from the stage, careless of the fate of his writings, inattentive to 
the illiberal attacks of his contemporaries, and negligent alike of 
present, and, posthumous fame. 

Since: the above: note was written, I have seen the mortgage 
which is printed in a subsequent page, and’ was executed by 
Shakspeare, in March, 1612-13. _From this deed we find that he 
was in Londomin that year; he might, however, have parted 
with, his:property in the theatre: before. 

[In the notes to the Epilogue to. Henry VIII. I have endeayoured 
to show that im those lines: no. satire was directed against Shak- 


speare. Bosweu.] 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 399 


a description of the coronation ceremony, and of those 
other decorations, with which, from his connection 
with Inigo Jones, and his attendance at court, he was 


peculiarly conversant. { 
The piece appears to have been revived with 


degree of splendour ; for Sir Henry Wotton gives a 
very pompous account of the representation. The 
unlucky aecident that happened to the house during 
the exhibition, was occasioned by discharging some 
small pieces, called chambers, on King Henry’s arrival 
at Cardinal Wolsey’s gate at Whitehall, one of which, 
being injudiciously managed, set fire to the thatched 
roof of the theatre’. 


! The Globe theatre (as I learn from the MSS. of Mr. Oldys) 
was thatched with reeds, and had an open area in its center. This 
area we may suppose to have been filled by the lowest part of 
the audience, whom Shakspeare calls the groundlings.—Cham- 
bers are not, like other guns, pointed horizontally, but are dis- 
charged as they stand erect on their breeches. The accident 
may, therefore, be easily accounted for. If these pieces were let 
off behind the scenes, the paper or wadding with which their 
charges were confined, would reach the thatch on the inside : 
or if fixed without the walls, it might have been earried by the 
wind to the top of the roof. 

This accident is alluded to, in the following lines of Ben Jon- 
son's Execration upon Vulcan, from which it appears, that he was 
at the Globe playhouse when it was burnt ; acireumstance which — 
in some measure strengthens the conjecture that he was employed 
on the revival of King Henry VIII. for this was not the theatre 
at which his pieces were usually represented : 

« Well fare the wise men yet on the Bank-side, 

«« My friends, the watermen ! they could provide 
«* Against thy fury, when, to serve their needs, 
“They made a Vulcan of a sheaf of reeds ; 

“* Whom they durst handle in their holy-day coats, 
« And safely trust to dress, not burn, their boats. 


400 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


‘The play, thus revived and new-named, was pro- 
bably called in the bills of that time, a new play; 
which might have led Sir Henry Wotton, to describe 
it as such. And thus his account may be reconciled 
with that of the other contemporary writers, as well 
as with those arguments which have been here urged 
in support of the early date of King Henry VIII. 
Every thing has been fully stated on each side of the 
question. The reader must judge. 

Mr. Roderick, in his notes on our author (appended 
to Mr. Edwards’s Canons of Criticism), takes notice 
- of some peculiarities in the metre of the play before 
us, viz. “ that there are many more verses in it than 
in any other, which end with a redundant syllable,” 
—“ very near two. to one,”—and that the “ cesure 
or pauses of the verse are full as remarkable.” |The 


« But O those reeds ! thy mere disdain of them 
‘* Made thee beget that cruel stratagem, 
«* (Which some are pleas’d to style but thy mad prank), 
«« Against the Globe, the glory of the Bank : 
“* Which, though it were the fort of the whole parish, 
‘¢ Flank’d with a ditch, and fore’d out of a marish, 
__*¢ I saw, with two poor chambers taken in, 
‘* And raz'd; ere thought could urge this might have been. 
‘* See the world’s ruins! nothing but the piles 
‘© Left, and wit since to cover it with tiles. 
‘* The breth’ren, they straight nois’d it out for news, 
«Twas. verily some relick of the stews, 
‘* And this a sparkle of that fire let loose, 
“ That was lock’d up in the Winchestrian goose, 
“ Bred on the Bank in time of popery, 
“¢ When Venus there maintain’d her mystery. 
‘* But others fell, with that conceit, by the ears, 
‘And cried it was a threat’ning to the bears, 
** And that accursed ground, the Paris-garden,” &c. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 401 


redundancy, &c. observed by this critick, Mr. Steevens © 
thinks “was rather the effect of chance, than of 
design in the author; and might have arisen either 

from the negligence of Shakspeare, who ‘in this play 

has borrowed whole scenes and speeches from Holin- 

shed, whose words he was probably in too much haste 

to compress into versification strictly regular and 

harmonious; or from the interpolations of Ben Jon- 

son, whose hand Dr. Farmer thinks he occasionally 

perceives in the dialogue.” 

Whether Mr. Roderick’s position be well founded, 
is hardly worth a contest ; but the peculiarities which 
he’has ‘animadverted on (if such there be), add pros 
bability to the conjecture that this piece underwent 
some alterations, after it had passed out of the 
hands of Shakspeare’. 


23. Othello, 1604. 

Dr. Warburton thinks that there is in this tragedy 
a satirical allusion to the institution of the order of 
Baronets, which dignity was created by King James I. 
in the year 1611; 

“ = The hearts of old gave harids, 
** But our new heraldry is hands, not hearts.” 
Othello, Act Ill. Se. IV. 

« Amongst their other prerogatives of honour,” 
(says that’ commentator,) they [the new-created ba- 
ronets] had an addition to their. paternal arms, of an 
hand gules in an escutcheon argent. And we are 

* Mr. Malone formerly ascribed this play to the year 1601. 


I know not upon what grounds he altered his opinion. I have 
inadvertently preserved the old date in the Preliminary Remarks 


to Henry VII. which I request the reader will correct as an vit. 


erratum. Bosweut. 
VOL. Il. 2D 


ie 


Yer Jha 2 


a pe 


| 7 


By A RR vy 


402 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


not to doubt that this was the new heraldry alluded 
to by our author; by which he insinuates, ‘ that some 
then created had hands indeed, but not hearts ; that 
is, money to pay for the creation, but no virtue to 
purchase the honour,’ ” 

- Such is the observation of this critick. But by 
what chymistry can the sense whieh he has affixed 
to this passage, be extracted from it? Or is it pro- 
bable, that Shakspeare, who has more than once 
condescended to be the encomiast of the unworthy 
founder of the order of Baronets, who had been per- — 
sonally honoured by a letter from his majesty, and 
substantially benefitted by the royal licence granted 
to him and his fellow-comedians, should have been so 
impolitick, as to satirize the king, or to depreciate his 
hew-created dignity ? 

These lmes appear to me to afford an obvious 
meaning, without supposing them to contain such a 
multitude of allusions : 

‘ Of old,’ (says Othello,) ¢ in matrimonial alliances, 
the heart dictated the union of hands; but our mo- 
dern junctions are those of hands, not of hearts.’ 

On every marriage the arms of the wife are united 
to those of the husband. This circumstance, I be- 
lieve, it was, that suggested heraldry, in this place, 
to our author. I know not whether a heart was ever 
ased as an armorial ensign, nor is it, I conceive, 
necessary. to inquire. It was the office of the herald 

“to join, or, to speak ———: to quarter the arms 
of the new-married pair?. Hence, with his usual 


2 ¢ | may quarter, coz,” says Slender, in The Merry Wives of 
Windsor. “ You may (replies Justice Shallow), by marrying,” 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 403 


licence, Shakspeare uses heraldry for junction, or 
union in general. Thus, in his Rape of Luerece, 
the same term is employed to denote the union of 
colours which constitutes a beautiful complexion : 

“* This heraldry in Lucrece’ face was seen, 

« Argued by beauty’s red, and virtue’s white.” 


This passage not affording us any assistance, we 
are next to consider one in The Alchemist, by Ben 


Jonson, which, if it alluded to an incident in / A 


Othello (as Mr. Steevens seems to think it does); 
would ascertain this play to have appeared before 
1610, in which year The Alchemist was first acted : 

“ Lovewit., Didst thou hear a-cry, say’st thou? 

« Neighb. Yes, sir, like unto a man that had been 
strangled an hour, and could not speak.” 

But I doubt whether Othello was eves in J Leaves | 
contemplation. Old Ben generally spoke out; and 
if he had intended to sneer at the manner of Desde- 
mona’s death, I think, he would have taken care 
that his meaning should not be missed, and would 
have written—* like unto a woman,” &e. 

This tragedy was not entered on the books of the 
Stationers’ Company till Oct. 6, 1621, nor printed till 
the following year; but it was acted at court early in 
the year 1613 °. 

Emilia and Lodovico, two of the characters in 
this play, are likewise two of the persons represented 
in May-Day, a comedy by Chapman, first printed in 
1611. 

A passage in the Essays of Sir Wm. Cornwallis 


3 MS. Vertue. 
2pdQ2 


“47 3_-& 


404 . LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. ' 


the younger, 1601, may have suggested to Shak- 
speare the mention of the new heraldry, upon which 
Dr. Warburton has put what I think a most erroneous 
interpretation: “ We of these later times full of a 
nice curiositie mislike all the performances of our 
forefathers ; we say they were honest plaine men, 
but they want the capering wits of this ripe age. .. . 
They had wont to give their hands and their hearts 
together, but we think it a finer grace to looke 
asquint, our hand looking one way and our heart 
another.” If the simile of the Pontick Sea in 
Act IIE. Se. HI. is an allusion to Pliny, translated 
by Philemon Holland in 1601, this will assist us 
further in ascertaining the date of this play. We 
know‘ it was acted in 1604, and I have therefore 
placed it in that year- 


24. King Lear, 1605. ; 

The tragedy of King Lear was entered on the 
books of the Stationers’ Company, Nov. 26, 1607, 
and is there mentioned to have been played the pre- 

_ eeding Christmas” before his majesty at Whitehall. 
fa taads wele% But this, I conjecture, was not its first exhibition. 
It seems extremely probable that its first appearance 
was in March or April, 1605; in which year the old 
play of King Leir, that had been entered at Sta- 
tioners’ Hall in 1594, was printed by Simon Stafford, 
for John Wright, who, we may presume, finding 
by. t.e~ syne’ Shakspeare’s play successful; hoped to palm” the 


Wn place hor 
| omer 7h cote 


4 Mr. Malone never’ expresses himself at random. © I therefore 


lament deeply that I have not been able to discover upon what 
evidence he knew this important arid decisive fact. Boswett. - 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER, — 405 


spurious one on the publick for his *. |The old King 
Leir was entered on the Stationers s) books, May 8, 
1605, as it we was Jately a ¢ 
Harsnett’s Declaration of me Impostors, from 
which Shakspeare borrowed some fantastick names 
of spirits, mentioned in this play, was printed in 
1603. Our author’s King Lear was not published 
till 1608. 
[ This play is ascertained’ to have been written - et 
after the month of October, 1604, by a minute“* Zong, Aiferlatons 
change which Shakspeare made in a traditional line, 
put into the mouth of Edgar: 
“« His words was still,—Fye, foh, fum, 
‘I smell the blood of a British man.” 
The old metrical saying, which is found in one of 
Nashe’s pamphlets, printed in 1596, and in other 
books, was, 
« ——— Fy, fa, fur, 
* I smell the blood of an Englishman.” 
Though a complete union of England and Seot- 
land, which was projected in the first parliament that 
met after James’s accession to the English throne, 


5 Shakspeare has copied one of the passages in this old 5 
This he might have done, though we should suppose it not to <. bn ham getftee P 
have been published till after his King Lear was written and 2 ~~ = fn web De 
acted; for the old’ play had been in possession of the stage for 5 Soe oe, ties 
many years. before 1605; and without doubt he had often seen it 
exhibited ; nor could he have found any difficulty in procuring a 
manuscript copy of it, when he sat down to write his own tragedy 
on the same subject, I suspect, however, the old play had been 


published in 1594, 


406 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 

was not carried into effect till a century afterwards, 

the two kingdoms were united in name, and he was 
proclaimed king of Great Britain, October 24, 1604. 


25. All’s Well That Ends Weill, 1606. — 
The beautiful speech of the sick King in this play 

has much the air of that moral and judicious reflection 
that accompanies an advanced period of life, and 
bears no resemblance to Shakspeare’s manner in his 
earlier plays: 

««——~ Let me not live 

** After my flame lacks oil, to be the snuff 

‘* Of younger spirits, whose apprehensive senses 

“ All but new things disdain: whose judgments are 


“* Mere fathers of their garments; whose constancies 
“* Expire before their fashions.” 


Another circumstance which induces me to. believe 
that this isa later play, than I had formerly supposed, 
is the satirical mention made of the puritans, who were 
the objects of King James’s aversion. Sir John 
Harrington says, in the Nuge Antiquie, he was by 
when his majesty disputed with Dr. Reynolds at 
Hampton; “but he rather used upbraidinges than 
arguments, and told the petitioners, i. e. the puritans, 
that. they wanted to strip Christe again, and. bid 
them awaie with their snivellinge: and moreover he 
wished those who would take awaie the surplice 
might want linen to their own breech.” In Act I. 
Se. III, the Clown says, “ Though honesty be no 
puritan, yet it will dono hurt: it will wear the sur- 
plice of humility over the black gown of a big heart.” 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 407 


26. Macbeth, 1606. 

Since this essay was originally written, I have 
observed some notes of time in the tragedy of 
Macbeth, that appear to me strongly to confirm the 
date which I have assigned to it. They occur in 
the Porter’s speech after the murder of Duncan. 
The speaker, whom Shakspeare, for the sake of in- 
dulging a vein of humour and honest satire, has here 
represented as the Porter of Hell®, on hearing a vio- 
lent knocking at the palace gate, exclaims, “ Who’s 
there, in the name of Belzebub ?—Here’s a farmer, 
that hang’d himself on the expectation of plenty. 
Come in time: have napkins enough about you: 
here you'll sweat.” 

The price of corn was then, as it is now, the great 
criterion of plenty or scarcity. That in the summer 
and autumn of the year 1606, there was a prospect 
of plenty of corn, appears from the audit-book of the 
college of Eton; for the price of wheat in the market 
of Windsor in that year, was lower than it was for 
thirteen years afterwards, being thirty-three shillings 
the quarter’, In the preceding year (1605) it was 


6 In Othello, written a few years before this tragedy, the 

Moor, distracted with jealousy, assigns the same office to Emilia : 
- you, mistress, 
** That have the office opposite to St. Peter, 
“ And keep the gate of hell—.” 

7 The Audit-book of the College of Eton is a decisive autho- 
rity with respect to the price of wheat in aay year, compared 
with any other year, precedent or subsequent. But it must not 
be inferred, from the price above given, that this was the current 
or medium price of wheat iu that year; for it is the rule, at Eton, 


j 


\ 


408. LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE, 


two shillings a quarter dearer: and in the subse~ 
quent year (1607), three shillings a quarter dearer. 
In the year 1608, wheat was sold at Windsor mar- 
ket for fifty-six shillings and eight pence a quarter ; 


to set down the highest price of the best wheat and malt, in the- 
market at Windsor, at two periods of the year, which is ascer-. 
tained in the most unexceptionable manner: and the rents, for: 
the current year, are regulated by this means; the tenants of the 
College having it in their option either to pay their rents in 
wheat and malt in kind, or in money, at the said market prices. 
But as these are the prices of the best wheat and malt, and the 
bushel at Windsor contains nine gallons, in order to find out the 
-true state of the middle price of wheat or malt throughout the 
kingdom, in any given year (as the author of the valuable tracts, 
on the corn laws, 8vo. 1765, has observed), one ninth must be 
subducted for the difference of the Windsor bushel above the 
statute measure; and then one ninth more from the remainder, 
for the reasons which he assigns : and if this process be observed, 
it will be found that the middle price of wheat in England, in 
1606, was one pound six shillings, and of malt, about fifteen 
shillings. In those counties where there was a great abundance 


, of grain, as Hampshire, Suffolk, and Norfolk, it was probably 


still lower ; for Sir Charles Cornwallis, who went to Spain as 
Ambassador, in May 1605, in or about September in that year, 
wrote a letter to Lord Southampton, proposing to that nobleman 
to. send from England 2000 quarters of wheat, and 1500 quarters 
of barley, to Valadolid, where there was then a great dearth ; 
and that the profit resulting from this speculation, which, he 
says, would be at least 500/. should be divided between them. 
This scheme, he adds, may be advantageously adopted, not only 
then, but for some years to come. By the statute, 1 James I. 
c. 25, corn was not allowed to be exported, except when the 
price of wheat did not exceed twenty-six shillings and eight pence 
the quarter, and that of barley-and malt did not exceed that 
/of fourteen shillings. By a letter in Winwood's. Memorials, 
we find that a quantity of corn had been exported in the early 
\part of the year 1616, from Lynn in Norfolk. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 409 


and in 1609, for fifty shillings. In 1606 barley and 
malt were cheaper than the {preceding year, and con- 
siderably cheaper than in the two years subsequent. 
The following words assigned to the Porter afford 
a still stronger confirmation of the date of this 
tragedy: ‘ Knock, knock: Who's there, i’ the other 
Devil’s name? ’Faith, here’s an eguivocator, that 
could swear in-beth the scales, against either scale ; 
who committed treason enough for God’s sake ; yet 
could not eguivocate to heaven.—O come in, equi- 
wocator.” 
_ Dr. Warburton long since observed that by “ an 
equivocator ” was here meant “ a Jesuit ;” an order 
(he adds) “ so troublesome to the state in Queen 
Elizabeth and King James the First’s time; the 
inventors of the execrable doctrine of eqguivocation.” 
If the allusion were only thus general, this passage 
would avail us little in settling the time when Mac- 
beth was written; but it was unquestionably much 
more particular and personal: and, without doubt, 
had a direct reference to the doctrine of eguivocation 
avowed and maintained by Henry Garnet, superior 
of the order of the Jesuits in England, on his trial 
for the Gunpowder Treason, on the 28th of March, 
1606, and to his detestable perjury on that occasion, 
or, as our author describes it, “to his swearing in 
both the scales against either scale,” that is, flatly 
and directly contradicting himself on his oath. . 
This trial, at which King James himself was 
present incognito, from the flagitiousness of the 
crime, and the celebrity and ability of Garnet, doubt- 
less attracted very general notice; and the allusion 


410 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 

to his gross equivocation and perjury thus recent, and 
probably the common topick of discourse, must have 
been instantly understood, and loudly applauded. 
« A true and perfect Relation of the whole Proceed- 
ings” against him and his confederates, which was 
published by authority in 1606, gave to the pro- 
ceedings still greater notoriety. 

In a letter written by Mr. John Chamberlain to 
Mr. Winwood, April 5, 1606, after mentioning that 
Garnet was arraigned at Guildhall the 28th of last 
month for high treason, and stating some of the 
evidence, he adds, “ But how far these men are to 
be believed on their protestations and oaths, my Lord 
Salisbury [one of the commissioners on Garnet’s 
trial] made known by two notable instances ; having 
first shewed that by reason of their impudent slan- 
ders and reports we are driven to another course than 
they do [pursue] in other countrys by way of torture: 
for if they dye in prison, they give out that we have 
starved or tortured them to death; if they kill them- 
selves, we make them away : so that we are feign to 
flatter and pamper them, and get out matters by 
fair means as we can. So that by the cunning of 
his keeper, Garnet being brought into a fool’s para- 
dise, had diverse conferences with Hall, his fellow 
priest, in the Tower, which were overheard by spialls 


set on purpose. With which being charged, he 


stiffly denyed it; but being still urged, and some 
light given him that they had notice of it, he per- 
sisted still, with protestation upon his soul and sal- 
vation, that there had passed no such interlocution: 
till at last, being confronted with Hall, he was driven 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 411 


to confess. And being now asked in this audience, 
how he could solve this lewd perjurie, he answered, 
“ that, so long as he thought they had no proof, he 
was not bound to accuse himself; but when he saw 
they had proof, he stood not long in it. And then 
fell into a large discourse defending equivocation, 
with many weak and frivolous distinctions. 

* The other example was of Francis Tresham ; 
who in his confession having accused Garnet, and — 
now drawing to his end in the Tower, his wife was 
permitted to have access to him; by whose means, 
(as is thought), not four hours before his death, he 
wrote a letter to my lord of Salisbury, contradicting 
whatsoever he had said of Garnet ; protesting before 
God, to whom he was now going, and upon his soul 
and salvation, that he had accused him falsely, and 
that he had not seen him these sixteen years last 
past. Whereas it was manifestly proved, both by 
Garnet himself, Mrs. Vaux, and others, that he had 
been with him in three several places this last year; 
and once not many days before the blow should have 
been given. And [Garnet] being now asked what 
he knew of this man, he smilingly answered, that he 
thought he meant to equivocate °.” 

A few extracts from Garnet’s Trial, printed by 
authority, will still more clearly show, that the 
perjury and equivocation of the Jesuit were here 
particularly alluded to by Shakspeare. 

In stating the case, Sir Edward Coke, the 
Attorney-General, observed, that “Catesby, fearing 


8 Winwood's Memorials, ii, 205. 


412 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


that any of those whom. he had or should take into 
confederacy, being touched in conscience with the 
horrour of so damnable a. fact, might give it over, 
and endanger the discovery of the plot, seeks. to 
Garnet (as being the superior of the Jesuits, and: 
therefore of high estimation and authority amongst: 
all those of the Romish religion) to have his judg- 
ment and resolution in conscience concerning the 
lawfulness of the fact, that thereby he might be able 
to give satisfaction to any who should, |in that behalf, 
make doubt or scruple to go forward. in that treason. 
And therefore Catesby, coming, to Garnet, pro- 
poundeth to him the case, and asketh, whether < for. 
the good and promotion of the catholick cause against, 
hereticks,’ [or, as the poet terms it, ‘ for God’s sake,’] 
‘the necessity of time and occasion so requiring, it. 
be: lawful or not, amongst many nocents to destroy. 
and take away some izmocents also;’ to this question. 
. Garnet advisedly and resolvedly answered, that if the 
advantage were greater to the Catholick part, by 
taking away some innocents, together with, many 
nocents, then doubtless it should be lawful to kill 
and destroy them all,” 

Again: 

* Then were the two witnesses called for ; both of 
them persons of good estimation, that over-heard the 
interlecution between Garnet and, Hall the Jesuit; 
viz. Mr. Fauset,.a man learned | and) a justice of 
peace, and Mr. Lockerson: but Mr. Fauset, being 
not present, was sent for to appear ; and, in the mean 
while, Mr. Lockerson, who being deposed before 
Garnet, delivered, upon his. oath, that they heard 


ia a 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 413 


Garnet say to Hall, « They will charge me with my 
prayer for the good success of the great action, in the 
beginning of the Parliament, and with the verses 
which I added to the end of my prayer: — 


** Gentem auferte perfidam 

** Credentium de finibus, 

“ Ut Christi laudes debitas 
_ “ Persolvamus alacriter.” 


“« It is true, indeed (said Garnet), that I prayed for 
the good success of that great action; but I will tell 
them that I meant it in respect of some sharper laws, 
which I feared they would then make against Catho- 
licks ; and that answer will serve well enough?” ’ 
~ Again: 

“Garnet having protested, upon his trial, that 
* When Father Greenwell made him acquainted with 
the whole plot, and all the particulars of it, he was 
very much distempered, and could never sleep quietly 
afterwards, but sometimes prayed to God that it 
should not take effect ; the Earl of Salisbury replied, 
that ‘he should do well to speak clearly of his 
devotion in that point; for otherwise he must put 
him to remember that he had confessed to the 
Lords that he had offered sacrifice to God for stay of 
that plot, unless it were for the good of the Catho- 
lick cause ; and in no other fashion (said his lord- 
ship) was this state beholding to you for your masses 
and oblations.’” 

In stating one of the points alluded to by Cham- 
berlain in his Letter to Secretary Winwood, Lord 
Salisbury reminded Garnet, “ after the interlocution 
between him and Hall, when he was called before all 


414 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


the lords, and was asked, tot what he said, but 
whether Hall and he had conference together (de- 
siring him not to equivocate), how stiffly he denied 
it upon his soul, retracting it with so many detest- 
able execrations as the Earl said, it wounded their 
hearts to hear him; and yet as soon as Hall had 
confessed it, he grew ashamed, cried the lords mercy, 
and said he had offended, if eguivocation did not 
help him.” ; 
Here certainly we have abundant proofs of “an 
equivocator that could swear in both the scales against 
either scale, who committed treason enough for 
God’s sake, and yet could not eguivocate to heaven.” 
If these observations should be acknowledged to 
be just, and yet it should be maintained that in strict 
reasoning they only prove that the tragedy of 


~ Macbeth was written subsequently to the trial of 


Garnet, it may be remarked, that allusions and 
references of this kind are generally made while the 
facts are yet recent in the minds of the writer and 
the audience, and before their impression has been 
weakened by subsequent events. When, therefore, 
we advert to the other circumstances which haye in- 
duced me to refer this tragedy to the year 1606, 
this allusion, aided and supported as it is by their 
concurring circumstances, appears to me to furnish a 
strong confirmation of the date which has been 
assigned to it. 

The third circumstance mentioned by the Porter 
is that of “ an English tailor stealing out of a French 
hose;” the humour of which, as Dr, Warburton has 
rightly remarked, consists in this, that the French hose 

3 “ 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 415 


being [then] very short and strait, a tailor must be 
master of his trade who could steal any thing from 
them.” From a passage in our author’s Henry V. and 
from other proofs, we know, that about the year 1597 
the French hose were very large and lusty; but, 
doubtless, between that year and 1600 they had 
adopted the fashion here alluded to; and we know, 
as I have elsewhere observed, that French fashions 
were very quickly adopted in England. Some 
‘are (says a writer in 1604) so inconstant in their 
attire, that the variety of their garments pregnantly 
proveth the fickleness of their heade..... And 
‘surely the Frenchmen and Englishmen, of all 
~ nations are (not without good cause) noted and con- 
U demned of this lightness; the one for invention, the 
other for imitating. In other thinges we thinke 
them our inferiours, and here we make them our 
maisters: and some I have heard very con- 
temptuously say, that searcely a new forme of 
breeches appeared in the French Kings kitchen, but 
presently they were translated into the Court of 
England®.” From the following passage in The 
Black Year, by Anthony Nixon, 4to. 1606, it may 
be presumed that this new mode of dress had been 
then adopted in England : 
“ Gentlemen this year shall be much wronged by 
their taylors, for their consciences are now much 
larger then ever they were; for where [whereas] 


_ 9 The Passions of the Minde in Generalle, by Thomas 
Wright, 4to, 1604. 


416 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


they were wont to steale but half a yeard of brood 
cloth in making up a payre of breeches, now they do 
largely nicke their customers in the lace too; and 
take more than enough, for the new fashions sake, 
besides their old ones.” The words printed in italics, 
I am aware, may relate only to the lace; but I rather 
think that the meaning is, that whereas, formerly,’ 
tailors used to steal half a yard of cloth in making'a 
pair of breeches, but now they cheat in the lace also ; 
and steal more than enough of the cloth for the sake 
of making the breeches close and tight, agreeably to 
the new fashion. In a preceding passage, the writer 
repeats Wright’s words already quoted, without: =n 
acknowledgement, “ This year many,” &e. 
Guthrie asserts in his History of Scotland, that 
King James, “to prove how thoroughly he was 
emancipated from, the tutelage of his clergy, desired 
Queen Elizabeth in the year 1599 to send him a 
company of English comedians. She complied, and 
James gave them a licence to act in his capital‘and 
in his court. I have great reason to think (adds the 
historian), that the immortal Shakspeare was of the 
number?. But his drama, which finds access at this 
day to the most insensible hearts, had no charms in 
the eyes of the presbyterian clergy.’ They threatened 
excommunication to all who attended the playhouse. 
Many forebore to attend the theatrical exhibitions. 


2 If the writer had any ground for this assertion, why was it 
not stated? It is extremely improbable that Shakspeare should 


vie 4. Z.~ have left London at this period. In 1599 his King Henry V. was 


ASS. f tte 


produced, and without doubt acted with great applause. 


_ 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 417 


James considered the insolent interposition of the 
clergy as.a fresh attack upon his prerogative, and 
ordered those who had been most active, to retract 
their menaces, which they unwillingly did; and we 
are told that the playhouse was then greatly 
crouded.” 

A more correct statement of this anecdote of 
theatrical history will be found in the History of the 
Stage, vol. iii.; but it is certain, that James, after 
his accession to the English throne, was a great 
encourager of theatrical exhibitions. From 1604 to 
1608 he devoted himself entirely to hunting, masques, 

| plays, tiltings, &. In 1605 he visited Oxford. From 
a book entitled Rex Platonicus, cited by Dr. Farmer, 
we learn, that on entering the city the king was ad- 
dressed by three students of St. John’s College, who 
‘alternately accosted his majesty, reciting some Latin | 
verses, founded on the prediction of the weird sisters — 
relative to Banquo and Macbeth *. 

Dr. Farmer is of opinion, that this performance 
preceded Shakspeare’s play; a supposition which is 
strengthened by the silence of the author of Rex 
Platonicus, who, if Macbeth had then appeared on 
the stage, would probably have mentioned some- 
thing of it. It should be likewise remembered, that 
there subsisted at that time, a spirit of opposition 
and rivalship between the regular players and the 
academicks of the two universities; the latter of 
whom. frequently acted plays both in Latin and 
English, and seem to have piqued themselves on the 


+ See vol. xi. p. 281. 
VOL, II. 25 


418 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


superiority of their exhibitions to those of the esta- 
blished theatres®. Wishing probably to manifest 
this superiority to the royal pedant, it is not likely 
that they would choose for a collegiate interlude (if 
this little performance deserves that name), a subject 
which had already appeared on the publick stage, 
with all the embellishments that the —— hand of 
Shakspeare could bestow. 

In the following July (1606) the King of Den- 
mark came to England on a visit to his sister, Queen 
Anne, and on the third of August was installed a 
knight of the garter. “There is nothing to be heard 
at court,” (says Drummond of Hawthornden in a 
letter dated that day), “ but sounding of trumpets, 
hautboys, musick, revellings, and comedies.” Perhaps 
during this visit Macbeth was first exhibited. 

This tragedy contains an allusion to the union of 
the three kingdoms of England, Scotland, and 
Ireland, under one sovereign, and also to the cure 
of the king’s evil by the royal touch * A ritual for 
the healing of that distemper was established early 


$ Ab ejusdem collegii alumnis (qui et cothurno tragico et socco 
comico principes semper habebantur) Vertumnus, comeedia 
faceta, ad principes exhilarandos exhibetur. Rex a 
p- 78. 

Arcadiam restauratam Isiacorum Arcadum lectissimi ceci- 
nerunt, unoque opere, principum omniumque spectantium animos 
immensa et ultra fidem affecerunt voluptate; simulque patrios 
ludiones, etsi exercitatissimos, quantum intersit inter scenam mer- 
cenariam et eruditam docuerunt. Ib. p. 228. See also, The 
Return from Parnassus (Act IV. Sc. III.), which was acted 
publickly at St. John’s College in Cambridge.” 


+ Mis -é—“ 6 Macheth, Act IV.-Se. I. IL. 


Ae 
Coe 


cal 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 419 


in this reign; but in what year that pretended power 
was assumed by King James I. is uncertain. 
Macbeth was not entered on the Stationers’ books, 


nor printed, till 1623. 


In the tragedy of Cesar and Pompey, or Cesar’s 
Revenge, are these lines : 

“* Why, think you, lords, that ‘tis ambition’s spur 
“* That pricketh Cesar to these high attempts ?."” 

If the author of that play, which was published in 
1607, should be thought to have had Macbeth’s 
soliloquy in view (which is not unlikely), this cireum- 
stance may add some degree of. probability to the 


supposition that this tragedy had sreeens) befate 
that year: 


oe Ihave no spur, 
‘“« To prick the sides of my intent, but only " 
** Vaulting ambition, which o "erleaps itself, itself, OE sock. 


«* And falls ‘at the other-——.,” 

At the time when Macbeth is supposed to have 
been written, the subject, it is probable, was con- 
sidered as a topick the most likely to conciliate the 
favour of the court. In the additions to Warner's 
Albion’s England, which were first printed in 1606, 
the story of “ The Three Fairies or Weird Elves,” 
as he calls them, is shortly told, and King James’s 
descent from Banquo carefully deduced. 

Ben Jonson, afew years afterwards, paid his court 
to his majesty by his Masque of Queens’, presented 
at Whitehall, Feb. 12, 1609; in which he has given 


7 Mr. Upton was of opinion that this masque preceded Mac- 


_ beth. But the only ground which he states for this conjecture, 


is, ‘‘ that Jonson's pride would not suffer him to borrow from 
Shakspeare, though he stole from the ancients.” 
2Ee 


ea 


420 _ LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


a minute detail of all the magick rites that are 
recorded by King James in his book of Demonologie, 
or by any other author ancient or modern. 

In the former editions of this Essay, the play 
entitled The Witch, and written by Thomas Middle- 
ton, has been represented as preceding Macbeth. 
That piece had long been unnoticed in manuscript, 
till it was discovered, in the year 1779, by the late 
Mr. Steevens, in the collection of the late Thomas 
Pearson, Esq. On the first discovery, both he and I 
were exceedingly struck by the songs introduced in 
this piece; of which it was obvious, at the first view, 
that D’Avenant had availed himself in the altera- 
tions and additions made to this play after the 
Restoration. Mr. Steevens, having perused the 
manuscript before it fell into my hands, wrote the 
note inserted below *, to which I gave the place that 


8 In a former note on this tragedy, I have said that the original 
edition contains only the two first words of the song in the 
fourth Act, beginning—“ Black spirits,” &c.; but have lately 
discovered the entire stanza in an unpublished dramatick piece, 
viz. ‘* A Tragi-Coomodie called Taz Wircu: long since acted 
by his Ma.‘** Servants at the Black Friers; written by Tho. 
Middleton.” The song isthere called—‘* A charme-song, about a 
vessel.” The other song, omitted in the fifth Scene of the third 
Act of Macbeth, together with the imperfect couplet there, may 
likewise be found, as follows, in Middleton's performance.—The 
Hecate of Shakspeare says : 

** Tam for the air,” &c. 

The Hecate of Middleton (who like the former is summoned 
away by aerial spirits) has the same declaration in almost the 


same words : 


** T.am for aloft,’’ &c. 


* Song.) Come away, come away: i $0 DRO Uae 
‘“* Heccat, Heccat, come away" 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 421 


it here holds in this Essay, and which, from respect 
to him, I yet suffer it to retain; but I am now 


** Hec. I come, I come, I come, 
“* With all the speed I may, 
‘* With all the speed I may. 
“*« Wher's Stadlin ? 
“* Heere.] in the aire. 
“* Wher'’s Puckle ? 
“* Heere.] in the aire. 
“* And Hoppo too, and Hellwaine too, 
** We lack but you, we lack but you: i the aire. 
“ Come away, make up the count. 
“« Hec. I will but ‘noynt, and then I mount. 
There’s one comes downe to fetch his 
“ A spirit likea dues, 
cat descends. ) A kisse, a coll, a sip of blood : Pee 
And why thou staist so long ‘ 
«© T muse, I muse, 
** Since the air’s so sweet and good. 
*¢ Hec, Oh, art thou come? 
** What newes, what newes ? 
«< All goes still to our delight, 
** Either come, or els ator 
** Refuse, refuse. 
“ Hee. Now I am furnish’d for the flight. 
” Fire.) Hark, hark, the catt sings a brave treble in her owne 
[language. 
“ Hec, going up.] Now I goe, now I flie, 
** Malkin, my sweete spirit, and L 
‘* Oh what a daintie pleasure tis, 
** To ride in the aire, 
** When the moone shines faire, 
** And sing, and daunce, and toy and kiss ! 
“ Over woods, high rocks and mountains, 
** Over seas, our mistris’ fountains, 
“* Over steepe towres and turrets, 
“* We fly by night ’mongst troopes of spiritts. 
** No ring of bells to our eares sounds, 
** No howles of woolves, no yelpes of hounds ; 


~~ 


422. LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


clearly of opinion that I too hastily acquiesced in his 
notion concerning the priority of that play) to 


“* No, not the noyse of waters’-breache, 
“* Or cannons’ throat, our height can reache. 
‘No ring of bells, &c.] above. 

‘* Fire.] Well, mother, I thank your kindness: you must be 
gombolling i’ th’ aire, and leave me to walk here, like a foole and 
amortall. Exit. Finis Actus Tercit.” 

This Fire-stone, who occasionally interposes in the course of 
the dialogue, is called, in the List of Persons Representa 
“The Clowne and Heceat’s son.” 

Again, the Heccate of Shakspeare says to her sisters : 

“ Tll charm the air to give a sound, 
‘* While you perform your antique round, &e. 
“ (Musick. The Witches dance and vanish.” 

The Hecate of Middleton says on a similar occasion : 

“Come, my sweete sisters, let the aire strike our tune, 
‘* Whilst we shew reverence to yond peeping moone. 
“* [Here they dance, and exeunt.” 

In this play, the motives which incline the Witches to mis- 
chief, their manners; the contents of their cauldron, &c. seem to 
have more than accidental resemblance to the same particulars 
in Macbeth. The hags of Middleton, like the weird sisters of 
Shakspeare, destroy cattle because they have been refused provi- 
sions at farm-houses. The owl and the cat (Gray Malkin) give 
them notice when it is time to proceed on their several expedi- 
tions. Thus Shakspeare’s Witch : 

«* Harper cries ;—’tis time, ‘tis time.” 

Thus too the Hecate of Middleton : 

“ Hec.] Heard you the owle yet ? 
“* Stad.] Briefely in the copps. 
“* Hec.] *Tis high time for us then.” 

The Hecate of Shakspeare, addressing her sisters, observes, 
that Macbeth is but “a wayward son, who loves for his own 
ends, not for them.” The Heeate of Middleton has the same 
observation, when the youth who has been consulting her, 


retires : 
“ T know he loves me not, nor there’s no hope on’t.” 


Instead of the “‘ grease that’s sweaten from the murderer's 
gibbet,” and the “ finger of birth-strangled babe,” the Witches 


~, 


ie 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 423 


Macbeth, and that the Witch was not written till 
some years afterwards, probably not till about the year 


of Middleton employ “ the gristle of a man that hangs after 
sunset,” (i.e, of a murderer, for all other criminals were anciently 
cut down before evening), and the “ fat of an unbaptized child.” 
They likewise boast of the power to raise tempests that shal] 
blow down trees, overthrow buildings, and occasion shipwreck ; 
and, more particularly, that they can ‘ make miles of woods 
walk.” Here too the Grecian Hecate is degraded into a presiding 
witch, and exercised in superstitions peculiar to our own country. 
So much for the scenes of enchantment ; but even other parts of 
Middleton’s play coincide more than once with that of Shak- 
speare. Lady Macbeth says, in Art IL: 

** — the surfeited grooms 

“Do mock their charge with snores, I have drugg'd their 

possets.” 

So too, Francisca, in the piece of Middleton : 

* they’re now all at rest, 

‘* And Gaspar there and all :—List !—fast asleepe ; 
«He cryes it hither.—I must disease you strait, sir : 
“ For the maide-servants, and the girles o’ th’ house, 
“* T spic'd them lately with a drowsie posset, 

“* They will not hearin haste.” 

And Francisca, like Lady Macbeth, is watching late at night to 
encourage the perpetration of a murder. 

The expression which Shakspeare has put into the mouth of 
Macbeth, when he is sufficiently recollected to perceive that the 
dagger and the blood on it, were the creation of his own fancy,— 
‘* There’s no such thing,”—is likewise appropriated to Francisca, 
when she undeceives her brother, whose imagination had been 
equally abused. 

From the instances already produced, perhaps the reader would 
allow, that if Middleton’s piece preceded Shakspeare's, the ori- 
ginality of the magick introduced by the latter, might be fairly 
questioned ; for our author (who as actor, and manager, had 
access to unpublished dramatick performances) has so often con- 
descended to receive hints from his contemporaries, that our sus- 
picion of his having been a copyist in the present instance, might 
not be without foundation. Nay, perhaps, a time may arrive, in 


% 


424 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


1613.. The grounds of this opinion I shall now lay 
before the reader. 


which it will become evident from books and manuscripts yet un- 
discovered and unexamined, that Shakspeare never attempted a 
play on any argument, till the effect of the same story, or at least 
the ruling incidents in it, had been already tried on the stage, 
and familiarized to his audience. Let it be remembered, in sup- 
port of this conjecture, that dramatick pieces on the following 
subjects,—viz. King John, King Richard II. and Ill. King 
Henry IV. and V. King Henry VIII. King Lear, Antony and 
Cleopatra, Measure for Measure, The Merchant of Venice, The 
Taming of a Shrew, and The Comedy of Errors,—had appeared 
before those of Shakspeare, and that he has taken somewhat 
from all of them that we have hitherto seen. I must observe at 
the same time, that Middleton, in his other dramas, is found to 
have borrowed little from the sentiments, and nothing from the 
fables of his predecessors. He is known to have written in 
concert with Jonson, Fletcher, Massinger, and Rowley ; but ap- 
pears to have been unacquainted, or at least unconnected, with 
Shakspeare. 

It is true that the date of The Witch cannot be ascertained. 
The author, however, in his dedication (‘‘ to the truelie-worthie 
and generously-affected Thomas Holmes, Esquire,”) observes, 
Wn that he “‘ recovered this ignorant ill-fated labour of his (from the 
-“F a. *.c5 playhouse, I suppose), not without much difficultie. Witches 
“f ”, (continues he) are, ipso facto, by the law condemn’d, and that 

FOr Wig onely, I thincke, hath made her lie so long in an imprison’d ob- 
ai < Aa So ca It is probable, therefore, from these words, as well as 
from the title-page, that the play was written long* before the 
dedication, which seems to have been added soon after the year 


ees 


Y 


* That dramatick pieces were sometimes written long before they 
were printed, may be proved from the example of Marlowe's 
Rich Jewof Malta, which was entered on the books of the Sta- 
tioners’ Company in the year 1594, but was not published till: 
1633, as we learn from the preface to it written by Heywood, It 
appears likewise from the same registers, that several plays were 
__ Jwritten, that were never published at all. Sreevens, 


a zA 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 425 


. Thinking it proper, on the present occasion, to 
read this piece over a second time with the greatest 


1603, when the act of King James against witches passed into a 
law. If it be objected, that The Witch appears from this title- 
page to have been acted only by his majesty’s servants, let it be 
remembered that these were the very players who had been be- 
fore in the service of the Queen; but Middleton, dedicating his 
work in the time of James, speaks of them only as dependants 
on the reigning prince. 

Here too it may be remarked, that the first dramatick piece in 
which Middleton is known to have had a hand, viz. The Old Law, 
was acted in 1599; so that The Witch might have been com- 
posed, if not performed at an earlier period * than the accession 
of James to the crown; for the belief of witchcraft was suffi- 
ciently popular in the preceding reigns. The piece in question 
might likewise have been neglected through the caprice of 
players, or retarded till it could be known that James would 
permit such representations; (for on his arrival here, both 
authors and actors who should have ventured to bring the mid- 
night mirth and jollity of witches on the stage, would probably 
have been indicted as favourers of magick and enchantment :) or, it 
might have shrunk into obscurity after the appearance of 

~ Macbeth; orperhaps was. forbidden by the command of the king. 
The witches of Shakspeare (exclusive of the flattering circum- 
stance to which their prophecy alludes) are solemn in their 
operations, and therefore behaved in conformity to his majesty’s 
own opinions. On the contrary, the hags of Middleton are ludi- 
crous in their conduct, and lessen, by ridiculous combinations of 
images, the solemnity of that magick in which our scepter'd perse- 
cutor of old women most reverently and potently believed. 

The conclusion to Middleton's dedication, has likewise a degree 
of singularity that deserves notice,—‘‘ For your sake alone, she 


* The spelling in the MS. is sometimes more antiquated than 
any to he met with in the printed copies of Shakspeare, as the 
following instances may prove :—-Byn for been—sollempnely for 
solemnly—dampnation. for damnation—quight for quite—grizzle 
for gristle—doa for doc—olyff for olive, &c. STEEVENS. 


4 Pre. an Pee, roe 4 of ew A ee oe ofa the 
OS A a ae ee foes es Mi cas SE 


r 


426 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE, 


attention, I discovered that it contained the follow- 
ing notes of time, which, though perhaps no one of 
them furnishes a decisive proof of what I have stated, 
yet, when combined together, afford, in my opinion, 
a sufficient ground for attributing this play to the 
period I have mentioned. 


hath thus conjur'd herself abroad; and bears no other charmes 
about her, but what may tend to your recreation; nor no other 
spell, but to possess you with a beleif, that as she, so he, that 
Jirst taught her to. enchant, will alwaies be,” &c.—‘' He that 
taught her to enchant,” would have sufficiently expressed the 
obvious meaning of the writer, without aid from the word first, 
which seems to imply a covert censure on some person who had 
engaged his Hecate in a secondary course of witchcraft. 

The reader must have inferred from the specimen of incantation 
already given, that this MS. play (which was purchased by Major 
Pearson out of the collection of Benjamin Griffin, the player, and 
is in all probability the presentation copy) had indubitably passed 
through the hands of Sir William D'Avenant ; for almost all the 
additions which he pretends to have made to the scenes of witch- 
craft in Macbeth (together with the names of the supplemental 
agents) are adopted from Middleton. It was not the interest, 
therefore, of Sir William, that this piece should ever appear in 


‘ print: but time that makes more important discoveries, has like- 


~ 


wise brought his petty plagiarism to light *. 

I should remark, that Sir W. D. has corrupted several words 
as well as proper names in the songs, &c. but it were needless to 
particularize his mistakes, as this entire tragi-comedy will here- 
after be published for the satisfaction of the curious and intelli- 
gent readers of Shakspeare. STEEvens. 


* Sir William D'Avenant might likewise have formed his play 
of Albovine King of Lombardy on some of the tragick scenes in 
this unpublished piece by Middleton. Yet the chief circumstances 
on which they are both founded, occur in the fourth volume of. 
the Histoires Tragiques, &c. par Francois de Belle-forest, 1580, 


p. 297, and at the beginning of Machiavel’s Florentine History. 
STEEVENS. 


—s vl 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 427 


The first passage that deserves our notice is the 
following, in the first scene. The speaker is Florida, 
a courtesan : 

“ Flo. I find thee still so comfortable, 
‘* Beshrew my hart, if I knew how to misse thee: _ 
“ They talk of gentlemen, perfumers, and such things : 
“* Give me the kindness of the Master’s man, 
“In my distresse, say I.” 

I am aware that perfumed gloves and jerkins were 
much in fashion, even in the time of Queen. Eliza- 
beth ; and continued to be so in the time of James 
the First ; but I very much doubt whether there was 
any established trade of this kind, so as to give a 
specifick and distinct denomination to the vender of 
perfumery, early in the reign of James, though about 
the middle of his reign, such perfumers may have been 
common enough. In 1603, Don Juan de Taxis, 
the Spanish Ambassador, brought in his train to 
London a perfumer®, which he scarcely would have 
done, had such a trade been established in London. 

The second passage that I shall take notice of is 
also in the same scene : 

«< Al. Amsterdam swallow thee for a puritan, 
** And Geneva cast thee up again, like she, 
*« That sunk at Charing-cross, and rose again 
* At Queenhith.” 

After the conference at Hampton Court, in 1604, 
the dramatick writers much more frequently intro- 
duced strokes at the Puritans than they did before ; 
and particularly about 1607 and 1608, and for some 
years afterwards. This speech, therefore, seems rather 
to point to the period to which I attribute the Witch, 


9 Illustrations of British Hist. iii. 176. 


428 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 
than to the reign of. ee or the first year of 
King James. 


~ In the same scene, the same speaker rs 


I will not to the witches ; 

*¢ They say they have charmes and tricks to make a wench 
SSE ainotnig toed sis se eeibe lead a man herself .. 

** To a country house, some mile out of the town, 

* Like a fierdrake.” 


The Sart house here alluded to was at Brent- 
ford ; and in the plays written in 1607, and for some 
years afterwards, there are frequent allusions to the 
practice of carrying women of the town thither. I 
have not observed such allusions in the plays of an 
earlier period. 

In the second scene of the same act, Hecate 
speaking of Stradling says, 


«« She 
‘* Flyes over houses and takes Anno Domini 

** Out ofa rich mans chimney, a sweet place for't, 

** He w* be hangd ere he w* set his own years there 

‘* (His rotten diseas’d yeares) ; they must be chamberd 
‘In a five pound picture, a green silk curtaine 

‘* Drawne before the eyes of’t.—Or dost thou envy,” &c. 


In the time of Elizabeth doubtless instances 
enough may be found of the dates of houses being 
placed on some part of the building: but as it is well 
known that a great accession of wealth was poured 
into England after the peace with Spain, it may be 
presumed that this circumstance gave rise to many 
new buildings in every county of England, as we 


a 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 429 


have decisive proofs it did to an immense addition to 


- London between the King’s accession and the middle 


of his reign. The numerous buildings that were 
erected in various parts of the country towards the 
middle of his reign, with their anno domini duly 
affixed, were then more likely to attract the poet’s 
observation; and consequently this circumstance also 


leads to a later date than has been assigned to this 


piece. With respect to the five pound picture I 
have reason to believe that this was the ordinary 
price of a portrait about the year 1612 or 1613; but 
whether it was not also the price about the accession 
of James, I have no means of determining. If it 
was, it supplies no aid to my hypothesis. In October, 
1612, Robert Peake, picture maker, who was after- 
wards knighted, received on the Council’s warrant 
twenty pounds for painting three several pictures, at 
the command and for the use of the Duke of York, 
afterwards Charles I. We may presume that this 
was a liberal payment, and that five pounds was then 
the price paid by persons in a less elevated station 
than the king’s son.* Cornelius Jansen’s price at that 
time for a head, or, as the painters call it, a three 
quarters cloth, was five broad pieces. Mr. Walpole 
has stated that Jansen came into England about the © 
year 1618; but this is a mistake; for I have a por- 
trait painted by him, dated 1611, which had be- 
longed for more than a century to a family that lived 
at Chelsea. 


« MS. Stanhope in Bib. Bodl. 


430 _ LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


In the last scene of the fourth act we find these 
lines : ; . 

“ Run; knock up Aberzanes suddenly ; 

“ Say, I desire his company this morning 

** To yonder horse race.” 

It is extremely difficult to ascertain the precise 
period when horse-races were generally and publickly 
established, with known and fixed prizes for the victor. 
It has already been observed, that probably from a very 
early period private horse-races, or matches for wagers, 
were common; and we know from Camden, that in 
1594, or before, publick annual races were established 
in Yorkshire, in which a small gold bell was allotted 
to the winning horse. But I doubt much whether this 
practice prevailed in any other county, or at least in 
any county in the neighbourhood of London, before 
the middle of King James’s time. Markham, who 
in 1606 republished his treatise on horsemanship, 
which had appeared in 1599, has in each edition a 
chapter on the running horse ; but he speaks only 
of private matches; and I cannot find any allusion in 
either edition to a publick or established horse-race, 
or to what was afterwards called a bell course, from 
the small bell which has been already mentioned as 
the usual prize of the victor in the infancy of this 
amusement. That no such publick establishment 
existed any where but in the North, may be inferred 
also (as has been already observed) from the silence 
of a writer in 1609. But in 1612 certainly there 
appears to have been publick horse-races at Croydon, 
in Surrey, near enough to London to attract the 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 431 


notice of the writers of the day; and accordingly 
Dekker, in 1613, gave to one of his numerous pam- 
phlets the title of A Wonderful Strange Horse 
Race. 


Having found no notice of any publick horse-race 
that was likely to attract the notice of a London 
dramatick poet before that at Croydon in 1612, I 
incline therefore to think that the allusion in Mid- 
dleton’s play to this amusement was made about that 
time; being more likely to have been suggested by 
a well known and established practice, the theme of 
general conversation, than by either the. private 
matches of individuals, or the more publick exhi- 
bitions in the remote county of York, which, however 
celebrated or well attended in that district, probably 
were wholly unknown to the greater part of the inha- 
bitants of London. If it shall hereafter be discovered 
that public races were established at Croydon soon 
after the accession of King James to the English 
throne, or on Enfield Chase (both which places have 
been already mentioned as being early celebrated for 
this kind of sport), the passage which we have here 
considered, can have no weight in the decision of this 
question. 

The next passage which demands our notice is one 
that appears to me to point toa later period than 
has hitherto been assigned to this play. 

In Act II. Se. I. Francisca, alluding to her being 
with child, says, 

‘* My brother sure would kill me if he knew, 


** And powder up my friend and all his kindred 
“* For an East Indian voyage.” 


432 « | LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


It is certain that some voyages of discovery had 
been made to the East Indies, and that some little 
trade was carried on from England thither, in the 
latter end of the reign of Queen Elizabeth; and 
accordingly, Shakspeare, in or about the year 1601, 
makes Falstaff say, while he is exulting in the pros- 
pects of his success with the merry wives of Wind- 
sor, “I will be ’cheater to them both, and they shall 
be an Exchequer to me; they shall be my East and 
West Indies, and I will trade to them both.” 

It has already been mentioned that Queen Eliza- 
beth’s charter was granted to the East India Com- 
pany on the last day of December, 1601. Between 
that time and the year 1605 there were but three 
adventures to the East Indies; one consisting of 
four ships, which sailed in 1602; in 1604 
three ships were fitted out, and in 1605 three 
more: in 1607 two ships sailed; and in 1609, one: 
but all these were foreign built, and purchased 
abroad, by the company. Atlength, in 1610, having 
previously received from King James an enlarge- 
ment of their charter, they built a large ship of 1200 
tons, which was named the Trade’s Increase, by King 
James, who dined on board the new-built vessel 
when she was named. ‘The commander of this ship 
' was Sir Henry Middleton, perhaps a relation of the 
poet; and he sailed in spring 1611; but he never 
returned. Now in the infant state of that trade 
' between the years 1601 and 1605, during which 
period so very few ships went from England to the 
East Indies, it appears to me extremely unlikely that 
the writer of the Witch should have been attentive to 


7 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 433 


the circumstance of these vessels being furnished 
with the due store of powdered or salted provisions 
for their voyage; though afterwards the notorious 
fact of a great ship being for the first time built at 
home for this trade, and of its being honoured by the 
king’s dining on board her the day she was named, 
would naturally attract his attention, more especially 
as the person who had the command of this, vessel, 
was his namesake, if not his relation. This obser- 
vation, therefore, stands nearly on the same ground 
with that just now made. It is not asserted that the 
poet could not possibly have had any experience of 
an East India ship being furnished with salted pro- 
visions for her voyage, between the year 1601 and 
1605 ; but that at a more advanced period, and par- 
ticularly in 1612 or 1613, after the publick notice had 
recently been attracted by the ceremonial which las 
been mentioned, such a circumstance was more likely 
to present itself to his mind. But there are other 
, arguments, drawn from a re-perusal of this play, which 
have added to my conviction that this play was not 
_ produced till several years after our author’s tragedy, 
_ probably not before 1613. 

The paragraph most material for our consideration 
is that which Middleton himself has prefixed to his 
play: “ The tragi-coomodie called the Witch, long 
since acted by his Ma‘. Servants at the Blackfriers.” 

On the words long since, Mr. Steevens much re- 
lied; but if we turn to the preface to the second 
edition of this author’s comedy, called A Mad World 
my Masters, by the bookseller who published it, we 
shall see how short a portion of time was understood 

VOL. II. 2F 


434 ‘LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


in those days by the term long since; for in this 

preface, published in 1640, he tells us that the 

author was long since dead: now he was certainly 

living in 1627; and therefore supposing even that he 

died in that year, it appears that a period of thirteen 

years was considered sufficient to justify such an 

expression as Middleton has used concerning his 
tragi-comedy. If his play was performed in 1613 or 

1614, and this recovered copy addressed to Mr. 

Holmes in 1626 or 1627, this interval, we see, would 

warrant such a description as he has given of this 

‘piece, which is very material in our present inquiry; 

for Middleton wrote the Widow with Fletcher and 

_ Massinger doubtless after 1613 ; hence, and from the 

vogue of Fletcher, he might catch his manner. The 

metre of the Witch strongly resembles that of 

Fletcher. He adds, that it was played by his Ma- 

jesty’s servants at the Blackfriars. There is good 

reason to believe that the house in Blackfriars did not 

become the established theatre of the king’s servants 

till the year 1613; when the Globe being burnt 

down, they were obliged to find another playhouse. - 

From that period to the suppression of the theatres 

in 1641, this theatre was their great place of scenical 
representation ; for though about the year 1620, or 

soon afterwards, the Globe appears to have been 
o a; ie tepaired; very few plays only were occasionally acted; 
_S~ 22 and. it at length became devoted to prize fighting, 


aa and other low exhibitions. On the contrary, before 
A by.é (the fire (from 1603 to 1613), we have not a single 
~ #~—<«"-~ "play extant which is said to have been performed by 


\the king’s servants at Blackfriars. In the patent in 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 435 


1603, and the paper signed by Mr. Tylney in 1604, 
no mention is made of this theatre: and King Lear 
is expressly mentioned as being acted by the King’s 
Company at the Globe, their usual theatre. Possibly 
it may be said that this very word imports that some- 


times they exhibited elsewhere even during the 


period I have mentioned. Perhaps they might, but 
I believe very rarely: and if ever in this period they 
acted at the Blackfriars, they must have hired the 
house for the night; for during this while this house 


appears to have been possessed by the Children of the 


Revels and the Children of the Chapel; for in this 
period we find no less than twenty-five new plays 


; Yepresented there by these children; so that during 


this period it appears to have been the established 
theatre of the Children of the Revels and of the 
King’s Chapel, and not of his Majesty’s own servants. 

Some obscurity has been thrown on this subject by 
the title pages of different editions of our old plays. 
Thus, for example, Beaumont and Fletcher’s King 
and No King, which was one of their early plays, was 
originally represented at the Globe, and is so de- 
scribed in the first edition in 1619. But in a sub- 
sequent edition at a later period, the editor in 1625, 
knowing how often it had been acted at Blackfriars, 
(where probably it was revived in 1619, when the 
play was first published), substitutes these words: 
* Acted at the B. F. by his Maj. Servants ;” and the 
Dramatic Dictionaries tell us, in consequence, that 
this play was acted at these two theatres, and so un- 
doubtedly it was, but not at the same period. This 

2F 2 


436 _LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


observation I shall presently apply to some of a 
, eee s plays. 
- Middleton has left us eighteen plays of his own 
\ cortiposition: He appears to have begun to write for 
the stage soon after the year 1600; and between 
that year and 1608, he produced seven plays, Blurt 
Master Constable, The Phoenix, Michaelmas Term, 
A. Trick to Catch the Old One, A Mad World my 
Masters, The Family of Love, and Your Five Gallants. 
-—— Now every one of these, his early plays, were per- 
formed by children ; the first four by the Children of 
Pauls, at their own usual place of exhibition; the other 
two by the Children of the Revels at Blackfriars ; 
where, as I have already mentioned, they usually per- 
formed from the accession of King James to the year 
1613. After that year, two of those plays, A Mad 
World my Masters,and A Trick to Catch the Old One, 
were revived by the King’s Servants at Blackfriars ; 
and in consequence, in the editions of these plays, the 
one in 1616, the other in 1640, they are truly said 
to have been performed at Blackfriars, and no other 
theatre is mentioned, that being then the favourite 
and fashionable house ; and the others quite passed 
away and forgotten. The same things as I have 
mentioned above, happened with respect to Kimg and 
' No King and several other plays. 

To pursue Middleton further, on examining the 
title-pages and history of his other plays produced 
after 1608 (though we have less concern with them, 
because if the Witch preceded Macbeth, it must have 
been produced before 1606), we shall find that he 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 437 


had very little connection with the Blackfriars Com- 
pany. His Chaste Maid of Cheapside was performed 
at the Swan in Southwark, by Prince Charles’s Ser- 
vants between 1613 and 1620; his Roaring Girl 
(written in conjunction with Dekker), at the Fortune, 
by Alleyn’s Company in or before 1611; his Change- 
ling, at Salisbury Court, in or before 1623 ; his Fair 
Quarrel, in or before 1622, at the Fortune; his Spa- 
nish Gipsey, between 1617 and 1623, at the Phenix, 
in Drury Lane. I have now accounted for thirteen of 
his plays out of eighteen, none of which were produced 
originally by the King’s Servants. Of the other five, 
the Mayor of Queenborough should seem to have been 
originally acted in 1602, by Alleyn’s Company. The 
Game at Chess was acted at the Globe by the King’s 
Servants in 1625; and the other four, Any Thing 
for a Quiet Life, No Wit Like a Woman’s, More 
Dissemblers beside Women, and Women beware 
Women, being published long after his death, it is 
reasonable to suppose were acted at a late period, I 
mean between 1613 and 1625, rather at some other 
theatre than the Blackfriars; though, if it should turn 
out that they were every one performed there, it would 
not at all affect the present argument *. 

From all these premises, I think it reasonable to 
conclude, as Middleton’s early plays were performed 
by the Children of the Chapel or the Children of Pauls, 


2 N. Field’s Amends for Ladies is said to have been acted by 
the Prince’s servants, and Lady Elizabeth at Blackfriars. It ap- 
pears before 1682. (See Preface to two other plays.) So it 
appears that these companies hired that house. Thus this shows 
it could not be then in possession of the King’s Servants. 


438 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


and, as we are told by the author himself, that 
his piece was performed by the King’s Servants at the 
Blackfriars, that play must have been produced after 
1613, when they first became possessed of that 
theatre; and if so, it can have no claim to contest 
precedence with Macbeth, which unquestionably was 
acted in 1606. 

Other pieces of equal curiosity with this play, may, 
perhaps, be hereafter discovered; for the names of 
several ancient plays are preserved, which are not 
known to have been ever printed. Thus we hear of 

& fs +6”. Valentine and Orson, plaied by her Majesties players, 
—The tragedy of Ninus and Semiramis,—Titirus 
and Galathea,—Godfrey of Bulloigne,—The Cradle 
of Securitie.—Hit the Naile o’ the Head,—Sir 
Thomas More, (Harl. MS. 7,368,)—The Isle of 
Dogs, by Thomas Nashe,—The comedy of Fidele 
and Fortunatus,—The famous tragedy of The De- 
struction of Jerusalem, by Dr. Legge,—The Freeman’s 
Honour, by William Smith,—Mahomet.and Irene, 
the Faire Greek,—The Play of the Cards,—Cardenio, 
—The Knaves,—The Knot of Fools;—Raymond 
Duke of Lyons,—The Nobleman, by Cyril Tourneur, 
—(the last five, acted in the year ‘1613,] The Ho- 
noured Loves,—The Parliament of Love,—and Non- 

( such, a comedy; all by William Rowley :—The 
Pilgrimage to Parnassus, by the author of The 
Return from Parnassus:—Believe as you List, by 
, Massinger :—The Pirate, by Davenport:—Rosania or 
' Love’s Victory, a comedy by Shirley (some of 
_ whose plays were extant in MS. in Langbaine’s time): 
—The Twins, a tragedy, acted in 1613 :—Tancredo, 


oo 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 439 


a tragedy, by Sir Henry Wotton :—Demetrius and 
Marsina, or the imperial Impostor and unhappy 
Heroine, a tragedy,—The Tyrant, a tragedy,—The 
Queen of Corsica,—The Bugbears,—The Second 
Maid’s Tragedy,—Timon, a comedy :—Catiline’s 
Conspiracy, a tragedy,—and Captain Mario, a comedy, 
both by Stephen Gosson:—The True Historie of 
George Scanderbeg, as played by the right hon. 
the Earl of Oxenforde’s servants,—Jane Shore,— 
The Bold Beauchamps,—The Second Part of Sir 
John Oldcastle-—The General,—The Toy,—The 
Tell-Tale*®, a comedy,—The Woman’s Plot,—The 
Woman’s too hard for Him, [both acted at court in 
1621,|—The Love-sick Maid, [acted at court in 
1629,|—Fulgius and Luerelle,—The Fool Trans- 
formed, a comedy,—The History of Lewis the 
Eleventh, King of France, a tragi-comedy,—The 
Chaste Woman against her Will, a comedy,—The 
‘Tooth-Drawer, a comedy,—Honour in the End, a 
comedy,—The History of Don Quixote, or the 
Knight of the ill-favoured Countenance, a comedy,— 

The Fair Spanish Captive, a tragi-comedy,—The 
Tragedy of Heildebrand,—Love yields to Honour,— 

The Noble Friend, &e. &. Soon after the Resto- 
ration, one Kirkman, a bookseller, printed many dra- 
matick pieces that had remained unpublished for 
more than sixty years: and in an advertisement 


3 The persons represented in this play (which is in my posses- 
sion) are—Duke; Fidelio; Aspero; Hortensio; Borgias; Pi- 
centio; Count Gismond; Fernese; Bentivoglio; Cosmo; Julio; 
Captain; Lieutenant; Ancient; two Doctors; an Ambassador ; 
Victoria; Eleanor; Isabel; Lesbia.—Scene, Florence. 


( 


440 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


subjoined to “ A true, perfect, and exact catalogue 
of all the comedies, tragedies, &c. that were ever yet 
printed and published, till this present year, 1671,” 
he says, that although there were, at that time, but 
eight hundred and six plays in print, yet many more 
had been written and acted, and that “ he himself 
had some quantity in manuscript.”—The resemblance 
between Macbeth and this newly discovered piece by 
Middleton, naturally suggests a wish, that if any of 
the unpublished plays, above enumerated, be yet in 
being, (beside The Second Maid’s Tragedy, The 
Tell-Tale, Timon, and Sir Thomas More, which are 
well known to be extant), their possessors would. con- 
descend to examine them with attention ; as hence, 
perhaps, new lights might be thrown on others of 
our author’s plays. 

It has been already suggested, that it is probable 
our author, about the time of his composing Cymbe- 
line and Macbeth, devoted some part of his leisure to 
the reading of the lives of Cesar and Antony in 
North’s translation of Plutarch. . In the play before 
us there are two passages which countenance that 
conjecture. “ Under him,” says Macbeth, 

‘* My genius is rebuk’d, as, it is said, 
“* Mark Antony's was by Cesar.” 

The allusion here is toa passage in the Life of 
Antony ; ; where Shakspeare also found an account of 
“the insane root that takes the reason prisoner,” 
which he has introduced in Macbeth. 

A passage in the 8th book of Daniel’s Civil Wars 
seems to have been formed on one in this tragedy *. 


4 See vol. xi. p. 68, n. 9. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 441 


The seventh and eighth books of Daniel’s poem were 
first printed in 1609. 


27. Twelfth Night, 1607. 

It has’ been generally believed, that Shakspeare 
retired from the theatre, and ceased to write, about 
three years before he died. Mr. Tyrwhitt was dis- 
posed to call in question the latter supposition, and 
conjectured that Twelfth-Night was written in 1614: 


grounding his opinion on an allusion®, which he ~ 


thought it contained, to those parliamentary under- 


Journals of the House of Commons for that year®; 
who were stigmatized with the invidious name, on 
account of their having undertaken to manage the 
elections of knights and burgesses in such a manner 
as to secure a majority in parliament for the court. 
If this allusion was intended, Twelfth-Night 
must have been our author’s last production; and, 
we may presume, was written after he had re- 
tired to Stratford. It is observable that Mr. Ashley, 
a member of the House of Commons, in one of the 
debates on this subject, says, “ that the rumour con- 
cerning these undertakers had spread into the 
country.” 

I formerly acquiesced in this opinion, and attri- 
buted Twelfth-Night to the year 1614; but I am now 
inclined to believe that it was produced at an earlier 
period, probably in 1607, and that the word under- 


5 ** Nay, if you be an undertaker, I am for you.” See Twelfth- 
Night, Act IV. Sc. III. and the note there. 
6 Comm, Journ. vol. i. p. 456, 457, 470. 


aww tivt GOR 


a 


$i. MPa hd 


_-_ 


ee (ee Fann * 


7 


o~ 6042-%~ 1F 
and coed e- SSE 
. 


takers of whom frequent mention is made in thee < 


top L9gk> 
go Pp af 


6 


>» 


442 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE, 


taker was used in a more general sense, without the 
particular allusion which Mr. Tyrwhitt thought was 
intended. {I should not ascribe this admirable comedy 
to an earlier date; for it bears evident marks of 
having been a late production, as most of the cha- 
racters that it contains are finished to a higher de- 
gree of dramatick perfection, than is discoverable in 
some of our author’s earlier comick performances ’. 

In the third Act of this comedy, Decker’s West- 
ward Hoe seems to be alluded to. Westward Hoe 
was printed in 1607, and from the prologue to East- 
ward Hoe appears to have been acted in 1604, or 
before. 

Maria, in Twelfth-Night, speaking of Malvolio, 
says, “ he does smile his face into more lines than 
the new map with the augmentation of the Indies.” 
I have not been able to learn the date of the map 
here alluded to; but, as it is spoken of as a recent 
publication, it may, when discovered, serve to ascer- 
tain the date of this play moré exactly. 

The comedy of What You Will (the second title 
of the play now before us), which was entered at Sta- 
tioners’ Hall, Aug. 9, 1607, was certainly Marston’s 
play, as it was printed in that year for T. Thorpe, 
by whom the above mentioned entry was made; and 
it appears to have been the general practice of the 
booksellers at that time, recently before publication, 
to enter those plays of which they had procured copies. 

Twelfth-Night was not registered on the Sta- 
tioners’ books, nor printed, till 1623. 


7 The comedies particularly alluded to, are, A Midsummer- 
Night’s Dream, The Comedy of Errors, Love's Labour's Lost, 
and The Two Gentlemen of Verona. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 443 


It has been thought, that Ben Jonson intended to 
ridicule the conduct of this play, in his Every Man 
out of his Humour, at the end of Act III. Se. VI. 
where he makes Mitis say,—“ That the argument of 
his comedy might have been of some other nature, as 
of a duke to be in love with a countess, and that 
countess to be in love with the duke’s son, and the 
son in love with the lady’s waiting-maid: some such 
cross wooing, with a clown to their serving-man, 
better than be thus near and familiarly allied to the 
time *.” 

I do not, however, believe, that Jonson had hase 
Twelfth-Night in contemplation. If an allusion to 
this comedy were intended, it would ascertain it to 
have been written before 1599, when Every Man out 
of his Humour was first acted. But Meres does not 
mention Twelfth-Night in 1598, nor is there any Jew fied: +¢ 4 
reason to believe that it then existed. 

“Mrs. Mall’s picture,” which is mentioned in this 
play, probably means the picture of Moll Cutpurse, 
who was born in 1585. 

In a pleasant conceited comedie How to Choose a 
Good Wife from a Bad, 1602, this passage occurs : 


* Ful. Wheres your husband ? 

“ Mrs. Ar. Not within. 

** Anselm. Who? M. Arthur? him I saw even now 
At Mistress Maries, the brave curtezans.” 


Though this is a description, not of Moll Cut-purse, 
but of a courtesan, afterwards introduced in the play, 
yet doubtless the name of Mrs. Mary was here 
adopted from the celebrity of her namesake. 


8 See the first note on Twelfth-Night, Act I. Sc. L 


444 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


The Sophy of Persia is twice mentioned in Twelfth 
Night. 1. “I will not give my part of this sport for 
a pension of thousands to be paid by the Sophy.” 
2. « He pays you as sure as your feet hit the ground 
you step on. They say he has been fencer to the 
Sophy.” 
When Shakspeare wrote the first of these passages, 
2 he was perhaps thinking of Sir Robert Shirley, 
ee eee . « who,” says Stowe’s Continuator, “ after having 
Curkewn 


é 
LH Loins ~,, served the Sophy of Persia for ten years as general 
ZAAD wns 


Hpk artillerie, and married the Lady Teresa, whose 
pf’ h-+-kessister was one of the queens of Persia, arrived in 
ae Reena England as ambassador from the Sophy in 1612. 
i 2G After staying one year he and his wife returned to 
saz “%~ Persia (Jan. 1612-13), leaving a son, to whom the 
queen was godmother, and Prince Henry godfather.” 
Camden’s account agrees with this, for according 
to him Sir Robert Shirley came to England on his 
embassy, June 26, 1612: but both the accounts are 
erroneous ; for Sir Robert Shirley certainly arrived 
in London as ambassador from the Sophy in 1611, as 
appears from a letter written by him to Henry Prince 
| of Wales, dated Nov. 4, 1611, requesting the 
\ prince to be god-father to his son’. Sir Robert, and 
his Persian lady, at this time made much noise; and 
Shakspeare, as I formerly thought, here alluded to 
the magnificence which he displayed during his stay 
in England, out of the funds allotted to him by the 
emperor of Persia. He remained in England about 
eighteen months. But nothing is proved by these 
circumstances; for the history of Shirley was well 


x 


1 MSS. Harl. 7008. 


ii 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 445 


known in England in 1607, and a play expressly 
written on the subject, called The Travells of Three 
English Brothers, appeared in that year. 


27. Julius Cesar, 1607. 


A tragedy on the subject, and with the title, of 
Julius Cesar, written by Mr. William Alexander, 
who was afterwards Earl of Sterline, was printed in 
the year 1607. This, I imagine, was prior to our 
author’s performance, which was not entered at Sta- 
tioners’ Hall, nor printed, till 1623. Shakspeare, we 
know, formed at least twelve plays on fables that had 
been unsuccessfully managed by other poets? ; but no 
contemporary writer was daring enough to enter the 
lists with him, in his life-time, or to model into a 
drama a subject which had already employed his pen: 
and it is not likely that Lord Sterline, who was then 
avery young man, and had scarcely unlearned the 
Scottish idiom, should have been more hardy than 
any other poet of that age. 

I am aware, it may be objected, that this writer 
might have formed a drama on this story, not 
knowing that Shakspeare had previously composed 
the tragedy of Julius Cesar; and that, therefore, 
the publication of Mr. Alexander’s play in 1607, is 
no proof that our author’s performance did not then 
exist.—In answer to this objection, it may, perhaps, 
be sufficient to observe, that Mr. Alexander had, 
before that year, very wisely left the bleak fields of 


2 See anote on Julius Cesar, Act I, Sc. I. in which they are 
enumerated. 


446 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


Menstrie in Clackmananshire, for a warmer and moré 
courtly residence in London, having been appointed 
gentleman of the privy chamber to Prince Henry: in 
which situation his literary curiosity must have been 
gratified by the earliest notice of the age of 
his brother dramatists. 

Lord Sterline’s Julius Cesar, though not adel 
till 1607, might have been written a year or two 
before ; and perhaps its publication in that year was 
in consequence of our author’s play on the same sub- 
ject being then first exhibited. The same obser- 
vation may be made with respect to an anonymous 
performance, called The Tragedy of Cesar and 
Pompey, or Cesar’s Revenge *, of which an edition 
(I believe the second) was likewise printed in 1607. 
The subject o f that piece is the defeat of Pompey at 
Pharsalia, the death of Julius, and the final over- 
throw of Brutus and Cassius at Philippi. The 
attention of the town being, perhaps, drawn to 
the history of the hook-nosed fellow of Rome, by 
the exhibition of Shakspeare’s Julius Caesar, the 
booksellers, who printed these two plays, might have 
flattered themselves with the hope of an expeditious 
sale for them at that time, especially, as Shakspeare’s 
play was not then published. 

It does not appear that Lord Sterline’s Julius 
Cesar was ever acted: neither it nor his other plays 


3 There is an edition without date, which probably was the 
first. This play, as appears by the title-page, was privately acted 
by the students of Trinity College in Oxford. In the running 
title it is called The Tragedy of Julius Cesar ; perhaps the bet- 
ter to impose it on the publick for the performance of Shakspeare. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 447 


being at all calculated for dramatick exhibition. On 
the other hand, Shakspeare’s Julius Cesar was a very 
popular piece ; as. we learn from Digges, a contem- 
porary writer, who, in his commendatory verses pre- 
fixed to our author’s works, has alluded to it as one 
of his most celebrated performances *. 

We have certain proof that Antony and Cleopatra 
was composed before the middle of the year 1608. 
An attentive review of that play and Julius Cesar, 
will, I think, lead us to conclude that this latter 
was first written ®. Not to insist on the chronology 


4 « Nor fire nor cank’ring age, as Naso said 
© Of his, thy wit-fraught book shall once invade : 
“ Nor shall I e’er believe or think thee dead, 
«(Though miss'd) untill our bankrout stage be sped 
‘ (Impossible !) with some new strain t'outdo, 
** Passions of Juliet and her Romeo ; 
“* Or till Il hear a scene more nobly take 
“ Than when thy half-sword parlying Romans spake.” 
Verses by L. Digges, prefixed to the first edition 
of our author's plays, in 1623. 

5 The following passages in Antony and Cleopatra, (and others 
of the same kind may perhaps be found,) seem to me to discover 
such a knowledge of the appropriated characters of the persons 
exhibited in Julius Cesar, and of the events there dilated and 
enlarged upon, as Shakspeare would necessarily have acquired 
from having previously written a play on that subject: 

«* Pompey.—I do not know 
‘** Wherefore my father should revengers want, 
“ Having a son and friends, since Julius Cesar, 
“« Who at Philippi the good Brutus ghosted, 
“‘ There saw you labouring forhim. What was't, 
“« That mov'd pale Cassius to conspire ?_ And what 
“* Made thee, all-honour'd, honest, Roman Brutus, 
“ With the arm’d rest, courtiers o beauteous freedom, 


448 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


of the story, which would naturally suggest. this 
subject to our author before the other, in Julius 
Cesar Shakspeare does not seem to have been tho- 
roughly possessed of Antony’s character. He has 
indeed marked one or two of the striking features of 
it, but Antony is not fully delineated till he appears 
in that play which takes its name from him and 
Cleopatra. The rough sketch would mitt ad 
cede the finished picture. 

Shakspeare’s making the Capitol the scene) me 
Cesar’s. murder, contrary to the truth of history, is 
easily accounted for, in Hamlet, where it afforded an 
opportunity for introducing a quibble ; but it is not 
easy to conjecture why in Julius.Cesar he should 
have departed from Plutarch, where it is expressly 
said that Julius was killed in Pompey’s portico, whose 
statue was placed in the centre. I suspect he was 
led into this deviation from history by some former 
play on the subject, the frequent repetition of which 
before his own play was written, probably induced 
him to insert these lines in his tragedy : 


- “To drench the capitol, but that they would — 

‘** Have one man but a man ?” ’ 
So, in another place : 

** When Antony found Julius Cesar dead, 

“* Hecry’d almost to roaring; and he wept, 

“© When at Philippi he found Brutus slain.” 
Again : 

“* Ant. He at Philippi kept 

‘¢ His sword ev'n like a dancer, while I struck 

“ The lean and wrinkled Cassius ; and ’twas I 

** That the mad Brutus ended.” 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. | 449 


‘* __. How many ages hence 

** Shall this our lofty scene be acted o'er, 
“In states unborn, and accents yet unknown! 
- * How many times,” &c. , 

«The accents yet unknown ” could not allude to 
Dr. Eedes’s Latin play exhibited in 1582, and 
therefore may be fairly urged as a presumptive proof 
that there had been some English play on this sub- 
ject previous to that of Shakspeare. Hence I sup- 
pose it was, that in his earlier performance he makes 
Polonius say that in his youth he had enacted the 
part of the Roman Dictator, and had been killed by 
Brutus in Cth apitol ; a scenick exhibition which 
was then probably familiar to the greater part of the 
audience. 

From a passage in the comedy of Every Woman 
in her Humour, which was printed in 1609, we learn, 
that there was an ancient droll or puppet-shew on the 
subject of Julius Cesar. “I have seen (says one of 
the personages in that comedy), the City of Nineveh 
and Julius Cesar acted by mammets.” I formerly 
supposed that this droll was formed on the play 
before us: but have lately observed’ that it is men- 
tioned with other “ motions,” (Jonas, Ninevie, and 
the Destruction of Jerusalem), in Marston’s Dutch 
Courtesan, printed in 1605, and was probably of a 
much older date. 

In the prologue to The False One, by Beaumont 
and Fletcher, this play is alluded to®; but in what 
year that tragedy was written, is unknown. 


6 « New titles warrant not a play for new, 
“ The subject being old; and ‘tis as true, 
VOL. II. 2G 


ti 


mgt 


450 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE, 


If the date of The Maid’s Tragedy by the same 
authors, were ascertained, it might throw some light 
on the present inquiry; the quarrelling scene between 
Melantius and his friend, being manifestly copied 
from a similar scene in Julius Cesar. It has already 
been observed that Philaster was the first play which 
brought Beaumont and Fletcher into reputation, and 
that it probably was represented in 1608 or 1609. 
We may therefore presume that the Maid’s Tragedy 
did not appear before that year; for we cannot sup- 
pose it to have been one of the unsuccessful pieces 
which preceded Philaster. ‘That the Maid’s Tragedy 
was written before 1611, is ascertained by a MS. play, 


now extant, entitled The Second Maid’s Tragedy, 


which was licensed by Sir George Buck, on the 31st 
of October, 1611. I believe it never was printed 7. 

If, therefore, we fix the date of the original Maid’s 
Tragedy in 1610, it agrees sufficiently well with that 
here assigned to Julius, Cesar. 


It appears by the papers of the late Mr. George 


“Fresh and neat matter may with ease be fram’d 
* Out of their stories that have oft been nam'd 

‘* With glory on the stage. What borrows he 

“* From him that wrought old Priam’s tragedy, 

‘** That writes his love for Hecuba.? Sure.to tell 

* Of Czxsar’s amorous heats? and how he fell 

“ In the Capitol, can never be the same 

‘* To the judicious,” Prologue to The False One. 

7 This tragedy (as [learn from a-MS. of Mr. Oldys) was for- 
merly in the possession of John Warburton, Esq. Somerset He- 
rald, and since in the library of the Marquis of Lansdown. It 
had no author's name to it, when it was licensed, but was after- 
wards ascribed to George Chapman, whose name is: erased by 
another hand, and that of Shakspeare inserted. 

3 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 451 


Vertue, that a play called Cesar’s Tragedy was acted 
at court before the 10th of April, in the year 1613. 
This was probably Shakspeare’s Julius Cesar, it 
being much the fashion at that time to alter the titles 
of his plays. 


29. Antony and Cleopatra, 1608, 

Antony and Cleopatra was entered on the Sta- 
tioners’ books, May 2, 1608; but was not printed till 
1623. 

In Ben Jonson’s Silent Woman, Act IV. Se. IV. 
1609, this play seems to be alluded to: 

«“ Morose. Nay, I would sit out a play that were 
nothing but fights at sea, drum, trumpet, and target.” 


30. Cymbeline, 1609. 

Cymbeline was not entered in the Stationers’ books, 
nor printed, till 1623. It stands the last play in the 
earliest folio edition; but nothing can be collected 
from thence, for the folio editors manifestly paid no 
attention to chronological arrangement. Nor was 


this negligence peculiar to them: for in the folio % u. wk 
collection of D’Avenant’s works printed after his <747~> 4 
death, Albovine King of the Lombards, one of his tae ame a 


earliest plays, which had been published in quarto, in 
1629, is placed at the end of the volume. 

I have found in Cymbeline little internal evidence 
by which its date may be ascertained. Such evi- 
dence, however, as it furnishes, induces me to ascribe 


it to 16092 after Shakspeare had composed King .~ 7 amt 
Lear, and Macbeth. The character of Edgar inky” pipes 


King Lear is undoubtedly formed on that of Leonatus, 
the legitimate son of the blind King of Paphlagonia, 
2G2 


452 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


in Sydney’s Arcadia. Shakspeare having occasion to 


ttirn to that book while he was writing King Lear, 


the name of Leonatts adhered to his memory, and 
he has made it the name of one of the characters in 
Cymbeline. The story of Lear lies near to that. of 
Cymbeline in Holinshed’s Chronicle; and some 

account of Duncan and Macbeth is given inciden- 
tally in a subsequent page, not very distant from that 
part of the volume which is allotted to the history of 
those British kings. In Holinshed’s Scottish Chro- 


nicle we find a story of one Hay, a husbandman, who, — 


with his two sons, placed himself athwart a lane, and 
by this means stayed his flying countrymen; which 
turned the battle against the Danes. This cireum- 
stance (which our poet has availed himself of in the 
fifth Act of the play before us), connected with what 
has been already mentioned relative to Sydney’s 
Arcadia, renders it probable that the three plays of 
King Lear, Cymbeline, and Macbeth, were written 
about the same period of time, and in the order in 
which I have placed them. The history of King 
Duff, Dunean, and Macbeth, which Shakspeare 
appears to have diligently read, extends from p. 150 
of Holinshed’s Scottish Chronicle, to p. 176; and 
the story of Hay occurs in p. 154 of the same 
Chronicle. 

Mr. Steevens has observed, that there is a passage 


in Beaumont and Fleteher’s Philaster, which bears - 


a strong resemblance to a speech of. Iachimo in 
Cymbeline : 


‘« T hear the tread of people: I am hurt ; 
* The gods take part against me; could this boor 
“ Have held me thus, else?” -Philaster, Act ¥V. Se. 1. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 453 


I have bely'd a lady, . 

“« The princess of this country ; and the air of't 

** Revengingly enfeebles me ; or could this carle, 
“A very drudge of nature's, have ‘abduedms” me : 
“ In my profession?” Cymbeline; Act IV. Se. HU. 


Philaster had appeared on the stage before 1611, 
being mentioned by John Davies of Hereford, in his 
Epigrams, which haye no date, but were published 
according to Oldys in or about that year’. Dryden 
mentions a tradition (which he might have received 
from Sir William D’Avenant), that Philaster was 
the first play by which Beaumont and Fletcher 
acquired reputation, and that they had written two 
or three less successful pieces, before Philaster ap- 
peared. From a prologue of D’Avenant’s their 
first production should seem to have been exhibited 
\ about the year 1605. Philaster,”therefore, it may 
be presumed, was represented in 1608 or 1609. 4 iad pe A 
One edition of the tract called Westward for Pe Ps 
Smelts, from which part of the fable of Cymbeline is “—~ #. «> 
borrowed, was published in 1603. 
In this play mention is made of Cwesar’s im. 
measureable ambition, and Cleopatra’s sailing on the 
Cydnus to meet Antony: from which, ‘and other 
circumstances, I think it probable that about this 
time Shakspeare perused the lives of Cesar, Brutus, 
and Mark Antony. 
The versification of this play bears, I think, a 
much greater resemblance to that of the Winter's 
Tale and the Tempest, than to any of our author’s 
earlier plays. 


7 Additions to Langbaine's Account of Dramatick Poets, MS, 


454 . LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE.. 
$1. Coriolanus, 1610. 


32. Timon of Athens, 1610. 

These two plays were neither entered in the books 
of the Stationers’ Company, nor printed, till 1623. 
Shakspeare, in the course of somewhat more than - 
twenty years, having produced thirty-four or thirty- 
five dramas, we may presume that he was not idle 
any one year of that time. Most of his other plays 
have been attributed, on plausible grounds at least, 
to former years. As we have no proof to ascertain 
when the two plays under our consideration were 
written, it seems reasonable to ascribe them to that 
period. to which we are not led by any particular 
circumstance to attribute any other of his works; at 
which, it is supposed, he had not ceased to write; 
which yet, unless these pieces were then composed, 
must, for aught that now appears, have been unem- 
ployed. When once he had availed himself of 
North’s Plutarch, and had thrown any one of the 
lives into a dramatick form, he probably found it so 
easy as to induce him to proceed, till he had ex- 
hausted all the subjects which he imagined that book 
would afford, Hence the four plays of Julius Cesar, 
Antony and Cleopatra, Timon, and Coriolanus, are 
supposed to have been written in succession. At the 
time he was writing Cymbeline and Macbeth there 
is reason to believe he began to study Plutarch with 
a particular view to the use he might make of it on 
the stage®. The Lives of Cesar and Antony are 
nearly connected with each other, and furnished 


5 See p. 434, and p. 447. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 455 


him with the fables of two plays: and in the latter 
of these lives he found the subject of a third, Timon 
of Athens. 


— 


There is a MS. comedy now extant, on the sub- 
ject of Timon, which, from the hand-writing and 
the style, appears to be of the age of Shakspeare. In 
this piece a steward is introduced, under the name of 
Laches, who, like Flavius in that of our author, 
endeavours to restrain his master’s profusion, and 
faithfully attends him when he is forsaken by all his 
other followers.—Here too a mock-banquet is given 
by Timon to his false friends; but, instead of warm 
water, stones painted like artichokes are served up, 
which he throws at his guests. From a line in Shak- 
speare’s play, one might be tempted to think that 
something of this sort was introduced by him; 
though, through the omission of a marginal direction 
in the only ancient copy of this piece, it has not en 
customary to exhibit it: 


«2d Senator, Lord Timon’s mad. 
** 3d Sen. I feel it on my bones, 
«* 4th Sen. One day he gives us diamonds, next day stones.” 


This comedy (which is evidently the production 
of a scholar, many lines of Greek being introduced 
into it,) appears to have been written after Ben 
Jonson’s Every Man out of his Humour (1599), to 
which it contains a reference; but I have not dis- 
covered the precise time when it was composed. 
If it were ascertained, it might. be some guide to us 
in fixing the date of our author’s Timon of Athens, 


M003. 
Pes 


456 _ LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE, 


which, on the grounds that have been already stated, 
I suppose to have been posterior to this anonymous 
play. ) 

The great plagues of 1593 and 1603 must age 
made such an impression upon Shakspeare, that,.no 
inference can be safely drawn from that dreadful 
malady, being more than once alluded to in Timon 
of Athens. However it is possible that the following 
Re were suggested by the more immediate re- 
¢ collection of the plague which raged in 1609. 

“TI thank them,” says Timon, “ and would send. 
them back the plague, could I but catch it for them.” 


Again : 


« Beas a planetary plague, when Jove 
“ Will o'er some Tigh vic'd a.cty hang his poison 
“T' the sick air.’ 


- 
Cominius, in the panegyrick which he pronounces 
on Coriolanus, says, 


es In the brunt of seventeen battles since 
“ He lurch'd all swords of the garland.” 


In Ben Jonson’s Silent Woman, Act V. Se. last, 
we find (as Mr. Steevens has observed) the same 
phraseology: “ You have durch'd your friends of the 
better half of the garland.” 

I formerly thought this a sneer at Shakspeare; 
but have lately met with nearly the same phrase in 
a pamphlet written by Thomas Nashe, and suppose 
it to have been a common phrase of that time. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 457 


This play is ascertained to have been written after 
the publication of Camden’s Remaines, in 1605, by 7... .. FLL: 
a speech of Menenius in the first Act, in which he 272.’ oo 
endeavours to convince the seditious populace’ of 4°74? 7 
their unreasonableness by the well-known apologue 
of the members of the body rebelling against the 
belly. This tale Shakspeare certainly found in the 
Life of Coriolanus as translated by North, and in ge- 
neral he has followed it as it is there given : but the 

(a tale is also told of Adrian the Fourth by Cam- 
den in his Remaines, p. 199, under the head of Wise 
Speeches, with more particularity; and one or two of - 
the expressions, as well as the enumeration of the 
functions performed by each of the members of the 
body, appear to have been taken from that book. 

“ On a time,” says Menenius in Plutarch, “all the 
members of a man’s body dyd rebel against the bellie, 
complaining of it that it only remained in the midest 
of the bodie without doing any thing, neither dyd 

bear any labour to the maintenaunce of the rest ; 

~ whereas all other partes and members dyd labour 
paynefully, and was veri careful to satisfy the appe- 
tites and desiers of the bodie. And so the bellie, 
all this notwithstanding, laughed at their follie, and 
sayde it is true, I first receyve all meates that norishe 
mans bodice; but afterwardes I send it againe to the 
norishment of other partes of the same. Even so 
(q' he) 0 you, my masters and citizens of Rome,” &c. 

In Camden the tale runs thus: “ All the members 
of the body conspired against the stomach, as against 
the swallowing gulfe of all their labours; for whereas 
the eies beheld, the eares heard, the. handes laboured, 


458 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


the feete travelled, the tongue spake, and all partes 
performed their functions; onely the stomache lay 
ydle and consumed all. Hereuppon they joyntly 
agreed al to forbeare their labours, and to pine away 
their lazie and publike enemy. One day passed over, 
the second. followed very tedious, but the third day 
was so grievous to them all, that they called a com- 
mon counsel. The eyes waxed dimme, the feete 
could not support the body; the armes waxed lazie, 
the tongue faltered, and could not lay open the mat- 
ter. Therefore they all with one accord desired the 
advice of the heart. There Reason layd open be- 
fore them,” &c. sid 
So, Shakspeare : 

«* There was a time when all the body’s members 

‘* Rebell’d against the belly ; thus accus’d it :— 

“ That only like a gulph it did remain 

‘* In the midst of the body, idle and unactive, 

‘* Still cupboarding the viand, never bearing 

* Like labour with the rest ; where the other instruments 

** Did see and hear, devise, instruct, walk, feel, 

‘And mutually participate did minister : 

‘* Unto the appetite and affection common 

“* Of the whole body. The belly answered— 

** True it is, my incorporate friends, quoth he, 

“ That I receive the general food at first ;— 

¢ But, if you do remember, 

«send it through the rivers of the blood, 

«* Even to the court, the heart, to the seat o° the brain.” 


The heart is called by one of the citizens, “ the 
counsellor-heart ;” and in making the counsellor- 
heart the seat of the brain or understanding, where 
Reason sits enthroned, Shakspeare has certainly 

cea. --.z) followed Camden. 


<7 


oy: 


aeren 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 459 


The late date which I have assigned to Coriolanus 
derives likewise some support from Volumnia’s ex- 
hortation to her son, whom she advises to address the 
Roman people— 


‘ now humble as the ripest mulberry, 
** Which cannot bear the handling.” 


In a preceding page I have observed that mul- 
berries were not much known in England before the 
year 1609. Some few mulberry-trees however had 
been brought from France and planted before that 4-<-<—— 
period, and Shakspeare, we find, had seen some of Veen 


the fruit in a state of maturity before he wrote Co- —— 
riolanus '. 


33. The Winter’s Tale, 1611. 


In the first edition of this essay, I supposed The An. / 

Winter’s Tale to have -been an early production of 
our author, and written in 1594, an error into which 
I was led by an entry in the Stationers’ registers dated 
May 22, in that year, of a piece entitled A Winter- 
Night’s Pastime, which I imagined might have been 
this play under another name, the titles of our 
author’s plays having been sometimes changed ?. 


* I have some doubts concerning the concluding remark on 
the date of this play. The tree which is fit for breeding silk- 
worms, is the white mulberry, of which great numbers were 
imported into England in the year 1609: but perhaps we had the 
other species, which produces the best fruit, before that time. 
If that was the case, my hypothesis concerning the time when 
our poet planted the celebrated mulberry tree, may be contro- 
verted. Valeat quantum valere possit. 
* Thus, Hamlet was sometimes called Hamlet's Revenge, .. ,— LaF 


—_—, 


460 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE, 


- The opinion, however, which I gave’ on this 
subject, was by no means a decided one. I then 
mentioned that “ Mr. Walpole thought, that this 
play was intended by Shakspeare as an. indirect 
apology for Anne Bullen, in which light it might be 
considered as a Second Part to King Henry VIII.; 

and that my respect for that very judicious and in- 
genious writer, the silence of Meres, in whose cata- 
logue of our author’s dramas published in 1598 the 


play before us is not found, and the circumstance | 


of there not being a single rhyming couplet through- 
out this piece, except in the chorus, made me doubt 
whether it ought not rather to be ascribed to the year 
1601 or 1602, than that in which I then placed it.”- 

The doubts which I then entertained, a more 
attentive examination of this play has confirmed; 
and I am now persuaded that it was not near so early 


a composition as the entry above mentioned led me 


to suppose. 

Mr. Walpole has observed *, that “ The Winter's 
Tale may be ranked among the historick plays of 
Shakspeare, though not one of his numerous criticks 
and commentators have discovered the. drift of it. 
It was certainly intended (in compliment to Queen 
Elizabeth) as an indirect apology for her mother, 
Anne Boleyn, ‘The address of the poet appears ne 
where to more advantage. ‘The subject was too deli- 
cate to be exhibited on the stage without a veil; and 
it was too recent, and touched the queen too nearly, 


sometimes The History of Hamlet; the Merchant of Venice was 
sometimes called The Jew of Venice, &c. 
3 Historick Doubts. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 461 


for the bard to have ventured so near an allusion ‘on 
any other ground than compliment. The unreason- 
able jealousy of Leontes, and his violent conduct in 
consequence, form a true portrait of Henry the 
Eighth, who generally made the law the engine of 
his boisterous passions. Not only the general plan 
of the story is most applicable, but several. passages 
are so marked, that they touch the real history 
nearer than the fable. Hermione on her trial “— 


for honour, 
'. €’Tis a derivative from me to mine, 
* And only that I stand for.’ : 
« This seems to be taken ftom the very letter of 
Anne Boleyn to the king before her execution,. when 
she pleads for the infant princess, his daughter. 
Mamillius, a young prince, an unnecessary character, 
dies in his infancy; but it confirms the allusion, as 
Queen Anne, before Elizabeth, had a still-born son. 
But the most striking passage, and which had no- 
thing to do in the tragedy, but as it pictured Eliza- 
beth, is, where Paulina, deseribing the new-born 
princess, and her likeness to her father, says, ‘ she 
has the very trick of his frown. There is another 
sentence indeed so applicable, both to Elizabeth and 
her father, that I should suspect the poet inserted it 
after her death. Paulina, speaking of the child, tells “y -> fey 


the king: Lfomme 
‘ 'Tis yours ; wy thay 

« And, might we lay the old proverb to your charge, e ere eS 

* So like you, ‘tis the worse 4.” Ze Kane 

6 (ae ae 

Berghe. 


This conjecture’ must, I think, be acknowledged --~3 Ps 


4 See this hypothesis of Mr. Walpole controverted in the Pre- sabes : ae 
liminary Remarks to The Winter's Tale, vol. xiv. Boswett. = 5 = 


462 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE, 


to be extremely plausible. With respect, however, to 
the death of the young prince Mamillius, which. is 
supposed to allude to Queen Anne’s having had a 
still-born son, it is but fair to observe, that this 
circumstance was not an invention of our poet, 
being founded on a similar incident in Greene’s 
Dorastus and Fawnia, in which Garinter, the Mamil- 
lius of the Winter’s Tale, likewise dies in his infaney. 

Sir William Blackstone has pointed out a passage 
in the first Act of this play, which had escaped my 
observation, and which, as he justly observes, fur- 
nishes a proof that it was not written till after the 


death of Queen Elizabeth: 
CM fans mae ne «« If I could find example 
fee A aS ‘© Of thousands, that had struck anointed kings, 
BE rca he “ And flourish’d after, I'd not do it; but since 
ca Anco “ Nor brass, nor stone, nor parchment, bears not-one, _ 
i rend «« Let villainy itself forswear it.” 
Whelan ely Sone 
Apotex. These lines could never have been intended for the 


mong re oe her life. To the son of Mary they could not but 
o7* "= have been agreeable. | 

Upon these grounds I attributed the appearance of 

The Winter’s Tale to the year 1604, in my former 

edition of Shakspeare, in 1790. But having, before 

that work had passed through the press, obtained a 

perusal of the office-book of Sir Henry Herbert, from 

which large extracts are given in the third volume; I 

was satisfied, from an entry in that register, that this 

play was of a still later date, and stated my change of 

opinion among the additions and emendations in the | 

second volume. The entry to which I allude is as 

follows, sce vol. iii. p. 229: “ For the kings players. 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 463 


An olde playe called Winters Tale, formerly allowed 

of by Sir George Bucke and likewyse by mee on Mr. 

Hemminges his worde that there was nothing pro- 

phane added or reformed, thogh the allowed booke 

was missing: and therefore I returned it without a 
| fee, this 19th of August, 1623.” Though Sir George 
Buck obtained, a reversionary grant of the office of 
Master of the Revels, in 1603, which title Camden 
has given him in the edition of his Britannia, printed 
in 1607, it appears, from various documents in the 
Pell’s-office, that he did not get complete possession 
of his place till August, 1610. I, therefore, suppose 
The Winter’s Tale to have been originally licensed 
by him in the latter part of that year or the begin- 
ning of the next. The allowed manuscript was pro- , 
bably destroyed by the fire which consumed thee baie 
Globe theatre, June 30, 1613. 

There is, says one of the characters in this a 
“but one Puritan among them, and he sings 
psalms to hornpipes.” ‘The precise manners of the 
puritans were during King James's reign” much ridi-~ fe fox bp 
culed by protestants; and the principal matters in -* 
dispute between them (whether the surplice should 
be used in the celebration of divine service, the cross 
in baptism, and the ring im marriage), were gravely 
discussed at Hampton Court before the king, who 
acted as moderator, in the beginning of the year 
1604. The points discussed on that occasion were, 
without doubt, very popular topicks at that time; 
and every stroke at the puritans, for whom King 
James had a hearty detestation, must have been very 
agreeable to him as well as to the frequenters of the 
theatre, against which that sect inveighed in the 


464. LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


bitterest terms. Shakspeare, from various passages. 
in his plays, seems entirely to have edincided) in, 
opinion with his majesty, on this subject. 
The Winter's Tale was not entered on the Sta- 
. tioners’ books, nor printed, till 1623. It was acted at 
L+%<,~ Court in 16134.” ot 


rs 
Gf. ths | 
Brey $4. The Tempest, 1612. 
-~ 45 2 4. 
The entry at Stationers’ Hall does not, contribute! 


to ascertain the time when this play was composed ; 
for it appears not on the Stationers’ books, nor was it 
printed, till 1623, when it was published with the’ 
rest of our author’s plays in folio: in which edition, 
having, I suppose by mere accident, obtained the 
first place, it has ever since preserved a station to 
which indubitably it is not entitled °. 

* As the circumstance from which this piece receives 
its name, is at an end in the very first scene, and as 
many other titles, equally proper, might have occurred. 
to Shakspeare, (such as The Inchanted Island,—The 
Banished Duke,—Ferdinand and Miranda, &e.) I 
formerly observed, that some particular and recent 
event had determined him to call it The Tempest. - 

‘There is reason to believe that some of our author's” 
dramas obtained their names from the seasons at 
which they were produced. It is not very easy to 
account for the title of Twelfth Night, but by sup- 
posing it to have been first exhibited in the Christ- 
mas holydays®. Neither the title of A Midsummer 


4 MS. of the Jate Mr. Malone. 
5 See p. 451, article, Cymbeline. 
° It was formerly an established custom: to have plays repre-" 


a 


CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 466 


Night’s Dream, nor that of The Winter’s Tale, -de- 
notes the season of the action ;. the events which are 
the subject of the latter, occurring at. the time of 
sheep-shearing, and the dream, from which. the for- 
mer receives its name, happening on the night pre- 
ceding May-day.—These titles, therefore, were pro- 
bably suggested by the season at which the plays 


- were exhibited, to which they belong ; A Midsummer 


Night’s Dream having, we may presume, been first 
represented in June, and The Winter's Tale in 
December. Since this Essay was first. published, I 


‘have collected information on this subject, which 


places it in my opinion beyond a doubt. that this 
play was founded on a recent event, and was produced 
in 1611’, 

Mr. Steevens, in his observations on this play, has 
quoted from the tragedy of Darius by the Earl of 
Sterline, first printed in 1603, some lines * so strongly 


sented at court in the Christmas holydays, and particularly on 
Twelfth Night. Two of Lyly’s comedies -(Alexander and Cam- 
paspe, 1584, and Mydas, 1592), are said in their title-pages, to 
have been “ played befoore the queenes majestie on Twelfe-day 
at night; and several of Ben Jonson's masques were presented ~ 
at Whitehall, on the same festival. Our author's Love's Labour's 
Lost was exhibited before Queen Elizabeth in the Christmas 


. holydays ; and his King Lear was acted before King James on 


St. Stephen's night : the night after Christmas-day. 
7 See this topick fully discussed in the Dissertation at the end 
of vol. xv. 
8 ‘Let greatness of her glassy scepters vaunt, 
‘* Not scepters, no but reeds, soon bruis'd, soon broken, 
*¢ And let this worldly pomp our wits enchant, 
« All fades, and scarcely leaves behind a token. 
** Those golden palaces, those gorgeous halls, 
_ With furniture superfluously fair, « 


VOL. II. 2H 


466 LIFE OF SHAKSPEARE. 


resembling a celebrated passage in The Tempest, that 
ore author must, I apprehend, have been indebted 
‘to the other; if so, Shakspeare must — a 
from Lord Sterline ®. 

Mr. Holt conjectured’, that the masque in this 
fifth Act of this comedy was intended by the poet 
as a compliment to the Earl of Essex, on his being 
united in wedlock, in 1611, to Lady Frances Howard, 
to whom he had been contracted some years before *. 
Even if this had been the case, the date which that 
eommentator has assigned to this play (1614,) is 
eertainly too late: for it appears from the MSS. of 
Mr. Vertue, that the Tempest was acted by John 
Heminge and the rest of the King’s Company, before 
prince Charles, the lady Elizabeth, and the prince 
Palatine elector, in the beginning of the year 1618. 


‘* Those stately courts, those sky encountring walls, 

“ Evanish all like vapours in the air.’ 

, Darius, Act IH. edit. 1608. - 

‘¢ —— These our actors, ; 

** AsI foretold you, were all spirits, and 

«« Are melted into air, into thin air ; 

“« And, like the baseless fabrick of this. vision, 

«* The cloud-capt tow'rs, the gorgeous palaces, 

“ The solemn temples, the great globe itself, 

“ Yea, all which it inherit, shall dissolve, 

«« And, like this. unsubstantial pageant faded, 

“* Leave not a rack behind.” Tempest, Act IV. Sc. k 

9 See note on Julius. Cesar, Act I. Sc. I. 

* Observations on The Tempest, p. 67. Mr. Holt imagined, 
that Lord Essex was united to Lady Frances Howard in 1610 ; 
but he was mistaken: for their union did not take place till the 
next year. 

2 Jan. 5, 1606-7. The Earl continued abroad four years’ from 
that time; so that he did not cohabit with his wife till 1611, 


CHRONOLOGICAL-ORDER.? 467° 


- The names of Trinculo and Antonio, two of the 
characters in this comedy, are likewise found in that: 
of Albumazar; which was printed in 1614, but is: 
supposed by Dryden to have appeared some emmcen Athyn 
before. 

Ben Jonson, in the Induction to his Besthulednovd! 
Fair, has endeavoured to depreciate this beautiful 
comedy by calling it a foolery [drollery].. Dryden, A. 4-2 
however, informs us that it was a very popular play/~-2—~-- ~~ 
at Blackfriars, but unluckily has not said a word: 
relative to the time of its first representation there, 
though he might certainly have received information 
on that subject from Sir William D’Avenant. 

—_ 

If the dates here assigned to our author's. plays 
should not, in every instance, bring with them con- 
viction of their propriety, let it be remembered, that 
this is a subject on which conviction cannot at this 
day be obtained ; and that the observations now sub- 
mitted to the publick, do not pretend to any higher 
title than that of “ An Attempt to ascertain the 
Chronology of the Dramas of Shakspeare.” 

Should the errors and deficiencies of this essay 
invite others to deeper and more successful researches, 
the end proposed by it will be attained : and he who 
offers the present arrangement of Shakspeare’s dramas, 
will be happy to transfer the slender portion of credit 
that may result from the novelty of his undertaking, 
to some future claimant, who may be supplied with 
ampler materials and endued with a superior degree 
of ,antiquarian sagacity. _ 

2H 2 


468 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER. 


- 'To some, he is not unapprized, this inquiry will 
appear a tedious and barren speculation. But there 
are many, it is hoped, who think nothing which 
relates to the brightest ornament of the English 
nation, wholly uninteresting ; who will be gratified 
by observing, how the genius of our great poet gra- 
dually expanded itself, till, like his own Ariel, i¢ 
flamed amazement in every quarter, blazing forth 
with a lustre that has not hitherto been equalled, 
and probably will never be surpassed *. 


3 In the list of plays enumerated (p. 438), by Mr. Malone as 
unpublished, he might have excepted two more of them which 
(si remain in manuscript, viz. The Queen of Corsica and the 
Bugbears, both also in the collection of the Marquis of Lans- 
downe. The following is the list of plays formerly in the posses- 
sion. of Mr. Warburton, copied from his MS. in the collection 
of the same nobleman : 
“ The Honourable Loves, by Will. Rowley. 
== ‘ Henry the First, by Will. Shakespear and Robert Davenport. 
“ The Fair Favourite. 
** Minerva’s Sacrifice. Phill. Massinger. 
= Duke Humphrey. Will. Shakespear. 
“* Citty Shuffler. 
“€ Sir John Suckling’s Workes, 
“* Nothing impossible to Love. T.P. Sir Rob. le Greece. 
“The Fore'd Lady. T. Phill. Massinger. 
“©The Governor. T. Sir Corn. Formido. 
* The Lovers of Loodgate. 
“«« The Flying Voice, by R. Wood. 
“The Mayden’s Holaday, by Christ. Marlowe. 
*‘The Puritan Maid, the Modest Wife, and the Wanton 
Widow, by Tho. Middleton. 
** The London’Merchant, a Comedy, by Jo. Ford. 
«4. “ The King of Swedland *. 


* Query, if not Dekker’s King of Swethland, entered on the 
Stationers’ books, June 29, 1660. . 


iit 


LIFE OF WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 469 


SECTION. XVI. 


[It is with deep regret, in which the reader, I have 
no doubt, will participate, that here that portion of 


“* Love hath found out his Eyes, by Tho. Jorden. 
** Antonio and Vallia, by Phill. Massinger. 
_ “ The Duchess of Fernandina. T. Henry Glapthorne. 
"+.  Jocondo and Astolso, by Tho. Decker. 
“St. George for England, by Will. Smithe. 
‘* The Parliament of Love, by Wm. Rowley. 
“The Widow’s Prise.. C. Will. Sampson. 
“The Inconstant Lady. Wm. Wilson. 
“The Woman's Plott. Phill. Massinger. 
“* The Crafty Marshall, C. Shack. Marmion. 
“*An Interlude, by Ra. Wood. (worth nothing.) 
“‘ The Tyrant, a Tragedy, by Phill. Massinger.. 
. **The Nonesuch, aC. Wm. Rowley. 
“* The Royal Combate. C. By Jo. Forde. 
“ Philenzo and Hippolito. C.. Phill. Massinger. 
‘* Beauty in a Trance, Mr. Jo. Forde. 
“The Judge. C. By Phill. Massinger. 
“* A good Beginning may have a good End, by Jo. Forde, 
«¢ Fast and welcome, by Phill. Massinger. 
** Believe as you list. C. By Phill. Massinger. 
“ Hist. of Jobe, by Robt. Green. (7. <e~/ 
“‘ The Vestall, a Tragedy, by H. Glapthorne. 
** Yorkshire Gentlewoman and her Sons. 
‘The Honour of Women. C. by P. Massinger. 
“« The Noble Choice. T.C. P. Massinger. 
“A Mask. R. Govell. 
“« Second Maiden’s Tragedy. George Chapman, 
“ The Great Man. 
“« The Spanish Puechas. C. 
“The Queen of Corsica. T. By F. Jaques. 
~< “ The Tragedy of Jobe. (Good.) 
“The Nobleman. T.C.. Cyrill Tourneur. 
=== ‘A Play by Will. Shakspeare. 
“ Bugbears. C. Jo. Geffrey. 


7 


a | THE LIFE OF 


the Life of Shakspeare which Mr. Malone had pre- 
pared for the press is brought to a close; and conse- 


. “Orpheus. C, 
~ “Tis good sleeping in a whole Skin. W. Wager. - 

** Faery Queen. 

* After I had been many years collecting these MS. plays, 
through my own carelessness and the ignorance of my servant in 
whose hands I had lodged them, they were unluckily bum’d, or 
put under pye-bottoms, excepting the three which follow: 

“ Second Maiden’s Tragedy. 

‘* Bugbears. 

~ © Queen of Corsica. J. Warsurron.” 

Since the foregoing elaborate, and, for the most part, satis- 
factory result of a laborious enquiry was last published [in 1'790], 
the order of the plays of Shakspeare, as settled by Mr. Malone, 
has been controverted by Mr. Chalmers, who has formed a new 
arrangement ; and in support of it has produced his evidence and 
assigned his reasons. To these (being too long to be here in- 
serted) the reader is referred for farther satisfaction. Ona sub- 
ject which both parties admit does not pretend to the certainties 
of demonstration, a difference of opinion may be expected. Time, 
research, and accident, may yet bring to light evidence to confirm 
or confute either party’s statement. The arrangement of Mr. 
Malone being already before the reader it will be necessary to 
add that of Mr, Chalmers ; and that a judgment may be formed 
which claims the preference, both lists are subjoined. The first 
is by Mr. Chalmers, the second by Mr. Malone. ¢. 


Ar. 

1. The Comedy of Errors............. . 1591 — 1593 
2. Love's Labour's Lost.............. - 1592 — 1594 
$, Romeo and Juliet... se ele 1592 — 1595 
4. Henry VI. the First Part .......... .. 1593 — 1589 
5. Henry VI. the Second Part.......... 1595 — 1591 
6. Henry VI. the Third Part............ 1595 — 1591 
7. The Two Gentlemen of Verona........ 1595 — 1595 
8. Richardt 20.35. sAralte ernie 1595 — 1597 
9, (Richard ll sui diidis Ses 2 eect ote 1596 — 1597 
10. The Merry Wives of Windsor........ 1596 — 1601 
11. Henry IV. the First Part ........ ... 1596. — 1597 
12. Henry IV, the Second Part ...... ses. 1597 — 1598 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 471 


quently it has devolved upon me to arrange, as well as 
I am able, those particulars which I have been able 
to collect from his papers, and to incorporate them 
with those facts and statements which have hitherto 
been appended to the life of the poet by Mr, Rowe. 
Wherever it is possible, I shall give Mr. Malone’s 


Ce Ip. 


1S. Henry Visy . . 2tfc e phgiplons « clusiasigh «9 s/FO0d, (teat BuO 
14. The Merchant of Venice............ 1597 — 1598 
UG. TASUNGL sees ences cota? oe Fe octal ot am 1597 — 1596 
eMGS King Joni eee. eae ee pee .... 1598 — 1596 
17. A Midsummer-Night’s Deda! JRE ++» 1598. — 1592 
18, The Taming of the Shrew. .......... 1598 — 1594 
19. All's Well That Ends Well .,........ 1599 — 1598 
~ 20. Much Ado About Nothing. .....,.... 1599 — 1600 
21.. As You Like It............ Otel 1599 — 1600 
22. Troilus and Cressida................ 1600 — 1602 
23. Timon of Athens .......... eeveeees 1601 =< 1609 
_ 24. The Winter's Tale. ........+.+e+-0- 1601 — 1604 
25. Measure for Measure.........+++.+++ 1604 — 1603 
26. Lear. .... a oan en SRST E qvesvte «++. 1605 — 1605 
27. Cymbeline..... Hot ae toer vas eeeee- 1606 — 1605 
28. Macheth. ..........4- eeeecceecee. 1606 — 1606 
29. Julius Cesar......-0+e¢0e-02eee20- 1607 — 1607 
30. Antony and Cleopatra ........+.+.-. 1608 — 1608 
* $1. Coriolanus:........ o cacsecdscocsee IQOD. —s GLO 
$2. The Tempest. 0.0002. cee ce oe .--. 1618 — 1612 
33. The Twelfth-Night. ................ 1618 — 1614 
$4. Henry VIIL........ eile eae eseeeees 1613 — 1601 
Sh. Othello 2.55 sviside.cnp 1614 — 1611 


See Supplemental Apology for the Believers i in the Shakspeare 
Papers. By George Chalmers, F.R.S. A.S. p. 266. Reep., 


Dr. Drake, in his work entitled Shakspeare and the Times, has 


proposed an arrangement in some instances different from both 
Mr. Chalmers and Mr. Malone. The list taken from Mr. Malone 
is that which appeared in 1790. I have allowed it to remain, that 
the reader may have it in his power to compare it with his subse- 


p 19% quent opinions. Boswertt. 


x 


472 THE LIFE OF 


memoranda in his own words. That they are not 

more numerous, is much to be lamented; but, from 

the scattered state in which his papers were kept, a 

number of curious matters of research, are, I fear, 

irrecoverably lost. Among these is the account he 

| seems to have promised of Shakspeare’s brother 

fel -f4¢5\Kdmund, of whom I find no mention but the 

register of his burial, which Mr. Chalmers has 

already laid before the publick in his Additions to 

the History of the Stage. It is, at the same time, 

a subject of congratulation, that he had proceeded 

thus far; and has shown, by an examination of 

the legendary tales which have so long been cur- 

rent respecting Shakspeare’s early years, that they are 

wholly groundless ; and that the greatest genius which 

his country has produced, maintained, from his youth 

upwards, that respectability of character which un-~ 
questionably belonged to him in after life. ] 

After the discussion which has already been gone 
through respecting the probable order in which those 
dramas which were entirely written by Shakspeare 
were produced, it becomes necessary to mention two 
others, which have been admitted into the collection 
of his works, from a notion that they received some 
improvements from his pen—Pericles, and Titus 
Andronicus. Respecting the first, there appears to 
have been no doubt entertained by the numerous 
criticks who have delivered their opinions on this 
drama, that the hand of our great poet is clearly 
discernible in many parts of it, while the remainder 
is altogether unworthy of his genius. Mr. Malone 
was, at one period, indeed, inclined to attribute the 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 473 


whole to him, but was subsequently convinced of his 
error, and acknowledged it with that candour and 
love of truth by which he was invariably influenced. 
Titus Andronicus is also still suffered to retain its 
place, from the same notion, that Shakspeare had 
mingled a few brilliant passages of his own with the 
baser matter of which it is generally formed. Of this, 
which I cannot but think a very questionable theory, 
the reader is left to form his own judgment. Five 
other plays have been printed under his name, in the 
folio 1664, which have not the slightest claim to 
such a distinction—Locrine, Sir John Oldcastle, Lord 
Cromwell, The London Prodigal, The Puritan. A 
sixth, The Yorkshire Tragedy, was pronounced by 
Mr. Steevens, when it was republished by Mr. dha Fa. 
Malone, in his Supplement, to have been a hasty 
performance by Shakspeare. ‘This opinion he seems, 
however, to have silently abandoned; and it has 
since been deservedly consigned to the same neglect 
with the rest. If internal evidence were not sufficient 
to prove that dramas so utterly worthless had been 
absurdly ascribed to so great a name, we are fur- 
nished by the Henslowe MSS., which the reader will 
find in the third volume, with satisfactory informa- 
tion respecting one of them, namely, Sir John Old- 
castle, from which it appears that it was the produc- 
tion of four writers—Munday, Drayton, Wilson, and 
Hathway. See vol. iii. p. 329. Some other plays, 
with about equal pretensions, have also been given to 
our author—The Arraignment of Paris, The Birth of 
Merlin, Edward IIJ., Fair Emma, The Merry Devil 
of Edmonton, and Mucedorus. Of these, The 
Arraignment of Paris is known to have been written 


phe hen kon 
Longh. cre: 


474 THE LIFE OF | 


by George Peele: The Birth of Merlin, by Rowley ;. 
although it is said in the title-page, 1662, probably 
by a fraud of the bookseller, to be the joint production 
of that dramatist and Shakspeare. Edward the 
Third was said to be Shakspeare’s, by Mr. Capell, 
confessedly upon no ground but his opinion that no 
one else, at that period, could have written it. It is 
found in that gentleman’s Prolusions, 1760. Fair 
Emma rests upon no authority whatever. The Merry 
Devil of Edmonton was entered on the Stationers’ 
books, by H. Mosely, about the time of the Restora- 
tion, as Shakspeare’s; but there is a former entry, in 
21608, in which it is said to be written by T. B. 
whom Mr, Malone conjectures to have been Tony or 
Antony Brewer. Mucedorus, he thinks, was the pro- 
duction of Robert Greene, Shakspeare has also been 
supposed to have had a share in two other dramas, in 
which, if we should adopt that notion, he was, asso- 
ciated with two highly distinguished contemporaries, 
He is said to have assisted Jonson in Sejanus; and 


Fletcher, in The Two Noble Kinsmen. His con- - 


nection with Jonson rests only on tradition; for, 
although that poet has mentioned a coadjutor, he has 
not recorded his name; and Mr, Gifford is disposed 
to question whether Shakspeare was the person to 
whom he has alluded; and as the passages supplied 
by this nameless friend were omitted when this piece 
was published, ,we have no opportunity of judging 
from internal evidence. A very considerable differ- 


ence of opinion has prevailed with regard to The Two 


Noble Kinsmen. Mr. Steevens’s sentiments on this 
subject are given at large in a note at the conclusion 
of Pericles, where it is incidentally introduced ; and 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 475 


if the reader wishes for a further discussion of the 
question, it will be found in Mr. Weber’s edition of 
Beaumont and Fletcher. If I might venture to 

_ mingle in a contest which has called forth some very 
distinguished names, on either side, I should have no 
hesitation in n expressing my disbelief of Shakspeare’s | 
co-operation. I can see no such similarity of style,” hs Oe 
as some criticks have thought they discovered; and rarer erie 
the madness of the Jailor’s daughter, which has been 72227 % 
compared with that of Ophelia, would alone be suffi. =. -74-. 
vient to.convince me that two such different represen 42-1 
tations of frenzy could not have proceeded from the Aap toupee 
same pen. Shakspeare’s madness could no more be * Las 
equalled than his magick. Fletcher seems to have 
had little notion of a deranged mind, except that of 
making a female talk obscenely, Mr. Weber thinks 
the description of the death of Arcite decidedly in 
Shakspeare’s manner. I should be sorry to admit 
this observation to be just. The opening of this 


speech appears to me to be deplorably frigid : ante. 


3 List then, your cousin, 

** Mounted, upon a steed that Emily 

“ Did first bestow on him; a black one, owing 

“ Nota hair worth of white, which some will say 

** Weakens his price, and many will not buy 

** His goodness with this note : which superstition 

«* Here finds allowance ; on this horse is Arcite, 

“* Trotting the stones of Athens, which the calkins 

‘ Did rather tell than trample; for the horse 

** Would make his length a mile if’t pleased his rider 
“« To put pride in him, As he thus went courting 
“The flinty pavement, dancing as "twere to the musick 
“« His own hoofs made (for, as they say, from iron 

“ Came musick’s origin), what envious flint, 


Bune fre 


476 THE LIFE OF 


** Cold as old Saturn, and, like him, possess’d 

_ * With fire malevolent, darted a spark, 
“* Or what fierce sulphur else, to this end made, 
“ I comment not,” &c. 


Surely in this there is nothing Shakspearian. If 
Dr. Donne had undertaken to write a tragedy, he 
could not have introduced into it any thing more 
thoroughly unsuited to a description of this nature 
than the whimsical parenthesis about the origin of 
musick. 
But the poetry of Shakspeare was by no means 
confined to the drama. ‘There are other productions 
of his muse, which, notwithstanding the contemp- 
tuous manner in which they are spoken of by Mr. 
Steevens, were the subjects of high admiration 
among his contemporaries. A collection of his 
sonnets was published at so late a period as 1609; 
but they are mentioned by Meres, in 1598, and bear 
evident marks of being early compositions. The 
time at which they were written cannot be accurately 
ascertained ; and the question as to their date must 
materially depend upon the judgment which the 
reader may form as to the topicks which they were 
meant to embrace, and the circumstances by which 
they were suggested. Of these, a discussion will be © 
found in the twentieth volume of this work, where 
they are carefully reprinted, with all the illustrations 
which his commentators could supply. The Lover’s 
Complaint was appended to our author’s sonnets in 
1609 ; and The Passionate Pilgrim was printed with 
his name, by William Jaggard, in 1599. 'T'wo other 
poems remain to be mentioned, which were un- 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. A77 


questionably of an early date : his Venus and Adonis 
which was first committed to the press in 1593, and his 
Rape of Lucrece, which was published in the following 
year. The intrinsick merit of these poems, of which 
the first long retained its popularity among youthful 
readers ; and the second, which, as we are informed by 
| Gabriel Harvey, was estimated so highly by persons of 
a graver description, that it was placed in the same 
rank with Hamlet ; would be sufficient to recommend 
them to our attention : but they derive an additional 
interest from being dedicated to our poet’s amiable 
patron, Lord Southampton, in the only prose compo- 
sitions of Shakspeare not in a dramatick form, which 
have come down to us. Of this accomplished noble- 
man, a short memoir is given in the twentieth volume 
of this edition ; but those particulars which more im- 
mediately relate to his connection with the poct, are 
reserved for this place. Lord Southampton’s attach- 
ment to theatrical entertainments is strongly pointed 
out by a letter from Rowland Whyte to Sir Robert 
Sidney, dated in the latter part of the year 1599, 
which is preserved in the Sidney Papers, vol. ii. 
p- 132: “ My Lord Southampton, and Lord Rut- 
land, came not to the court [at Nonsuch]. The one 
doth but very seldom. They pass away the time in 
London merely in going to plaies every day.” A cir- 
cumstance in his personal history may have given him 
this bias, and may also have been the means of intro- 
ducing Shakspeare to his acquaintance. His mother, 
the Countess Dowager Southampton, was married, pro- 
bably before 1580, to a second husband, Sir Thomas 
Heneage, who had long been Treasurer of the 


ae re 


be eG: 


478 THE LIFE OF 


Chambers to the Queen, an office by which he was, 
in some sort, connected with the stage; all the pay~ 
ments made to the several companies of comedians 
then in being, for plays exhibited at court, belonging 
to his department. It is not an improbable supposi- 
tion that Shakspeare, even then being distinguished 
for the decorum and propriety of his conduct and 
manners, may have been deputed by his company to 
wait upon the treasurer, and receive his commands, 
Lord Southampton would, of course, be a frequent 
visiter at his mother’s, and would thus have an 
opportunity of being thrown in the way of the young 
a2. genious, but modest and unassuming poet. This 
circumstance, combined with. the high character 
which the Earl had acquired, even at that early age, 
might have induced Shakspeare to solicit his patron- 
age for the first heir of his invention, the poem of 
Venus and Adonis, which was published in the year 
1593, when he himself was only twenty-nine, and 
his patron had not yet attained his twentieth year. 
Even at so early an age, the Earl of Southampton 
was distinguished for his love of literature and his 
patronage of literary men. His liberality to the 
votaries of the muses is celebrated by Barnaby 
Barnes * in a sonnet addressed to him in the very year 
when Shakspeare’s first poem appeared, in which he 


* Barnaby Barnes, whose birth was more respectable than his 
poetry, was a younger son of Dr. Richard Barnes, Bishop of 
Durham. He was bred at Brazen-nose College in Oxford, of 
which he became amember in 1586. He published a Collection 
of Poems, entitled Parthenophil and Parthenope, among which 
is the sonnet above-mentioned, which is a very poor thing. He 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE., 479 


‘expresses a hope that his verses “if graced by that 
heavenly countenance which gives light to the muses,” 
may be able to resist the malignant shafts of envy. 
About the same time, the ingenious Thomas Nash, 
then rising into reputation as a novellist and a sati- 
vrieal writer, has dedicated to him one of his tracts? ; 
and not long afterwards he is mentioned with respect 
by Camden and Jervais Markham, the latter of 
‘whom, in a sonnet prefixed to his poem on the death 
of Sir Richard Grenville, alludes to the high character 
he had already acquired as a patron of poets ; and if 
I mistake not, to the countenance he had shown to 
the productions of Shakspeare*. But the most 
honourable testimony to his merit, is given by Shak- 
speare himself in the two Dedications which I have 
already metitioned ; in both of which we find evident 
marks of that ingenuous modesty, for which our great 
poet throughout his life was eminently distinguished. 
‘That Shakspeare partook of this nobleman’s bounty, 
there can be no reason to doubt; and if we could 
give credit to a story which comes down to us, resting, 
as it is said, upon the authority of Sir William 
D’Avenant, he was at one time the object of unex- 


afterwards (1607) produced a tragedy called .The Devil's 
Charter. 
2 The Unfortunate Traveller, or the Life of Jacke Wilton, 
4to. 1594, But, at the conclusion of the piece, we find 
** June 27, 1593.” 

3 Matkham’s sonnet to Lord Southampton, prefixed to The 
Most Honorable Tragedie of Sir Richard Grenvile, Knight, 16mo. 
1595, begins thus : 

« Othou, the laurel of the Muses hill, 


, 
** Whose eyes doth crown the most victorious pen.” aw f= 


3 


- es 


40° 
ATS THE LIFE OF 


ampled munificence, having received from him in one 
sum no less than a thousand pounds, to enable him 
to complete a purchase he was desirous of making. 
This anecdote, like many others, which I have had 
occasion to examine, had probably some foundation 
in truth, though it has since been extravagantly 
exaggerated. That he gave him a thousand pounds, 
which is at least equivalent to five thousand at this 
day, in order that he might complete a purchase, is 
totally unworthy of credit, since no such extensive pur- 
chase ever appears to have been made by him, as will be 
seen when we come to make an estimate of the pro- 
perty which he possessed. It is much more likely 
that he might have presented the poet with an hun- 
dred pounds in return for his Dedications; a gift, 
which, although not calculated to excite so much asto- 
nishment, was worthy of that generous nobleman’s 
liberality. But it was not in Lord Southampton 
alone that Shakspeare found a patron; he appears 
to have enjoyed the approbation and favour of two 
Successive monarchs. Queen Elizabeth, who was at 
all times attached to theatrical entertainments, had 
the good taste to appreciate the talents of that great 
poet whose genius has shed so much lustre on her 
reign ; and, if tradition may be believed, was so much 
delighted with the character of Falstaff as it had 
been already depicted in the two parts of Henry IV, 
that she wished to see him represented as a lover, and 
it is to the royal commands that we are indebted for 
one of his most perfect comedies, The Merry Wives 
of Windsor. Her successor was not less friendly to 
the stage, nor less blind to the merits of its greatest 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 481 


ornament. We have been told, upon authority which 
there is no reason to doubt, that he wrote a letter to 
Shakspeare with his own hand; the story is told in 
the advertisement to Lintot’s edition of Shakspeare’s 
\ poems, no date, but printed in 1710. The letter is 
there said to have been lost, but formerly to have 
been in the possession of Sir William Davenant, “as 
a credible person now living can testify.” The person 
thus described, we learn from Mr. Oldys’s MS. 
Additions to Fuller’s Worthies, was Sheffield Duke 
of Buckingham, who was told it by Davenant him- 
self. This letter is with great probability’ supposed 
by Dr. Farmer to have been written in return for the 
compliment paid to him in Macbeth *. — ee 


+ Ina manuscript volume of poems, which I lately purchased4—7—* we. ee 
out of a bookseller’s catalogue, written apparently about the. epee 

time of the Restoration, I find the following article ; valeat quane-——** 

tum valere potest : Ve. ahh f po = 


“* Shakespeare upon the King. oo eal 
** Crownes have their compasse, length of dayes their date, & oa “6 


«« Triumphes their tombs, felicity her fate: ee” 
‘* Of more then earth cann earth make none partaker Se pes lee 
* But aii makes the king most like his Maker.” - Ak mere 

a gaa 


ternal evidence of being the genuine production of the royal poet mie 
than can be found for atishating those lines, which I have quoted, “4 «qe <<, 
s-* 


~ f# 
to Shakspeare. hh Lae ey 
«* King James upon the Death of Queen Anne. (pay ae 


“ Thee to invite the greate God sent his starre 

“* Whose friends and nearest kin good princes are 
** For though they run the race of men and dye 

“ Death seems but to refine their Majestie 


VOL. II. 21 


482 THE LIFE OF 


Fostered by such honourable and distinguished 
patronage, and acting at the same time under the 


** So did my Queene from hence her court remoove 

** And leave the earth to bee enthroned above 

“« Then she is changed not dead. No good prince dyes 
** But only lyke the sun doth set to rise.” 


Whatever may have been the foibles of this monarch, we can- 
not but contemplate him with respect, as the patron of Shak- 
speare; and, therefore, I shall make no apology for adding an- 
other specimen of his poetry, which appears to me to possess 
considerable merit. It was transcribed, by Mr. Malone, from a 
MS. in the Rawlinson collection, Bodleian Library: - 


«4 Poem made by King James upon the Voyage of his sonne 
Charles and the Marquisse Buckingham into Spayne March 
1622.” 

{In order to understand the names made use of in these 
verses, it should be recollected that the Prince and Buckingham 
travelled in disguise, under the borrowed names of Thomas and 
John Smith. Sir H. Wotton's Life and Death of G. Villiers, 
Duke of Buckingham.} 

‘© What sudden change hath dark’t of late 

‘** The glory of th’ Arcadian state ? 

“ The fleecy flockes refuse to feede, 

“ The lambes to play, the ewes to breede : 
“‘ The altars smoke, the offringes burne 
** Till Jack and Tom doe safe return. 


“« The spring neglects her course to keepe 

“The ayre with mightie stormes doth weep * 

“ The prety birdes disdaine to singe 

*«'The meades to smell the woods to springe 
“ The mountaines droppe, the fountaynes mourne 
“« Till Jack and Tom doe safe returne. 


* This is not a poetical fiction. There was a violent storm at 
this time, by which the Prince was shipwrecked, and forced to 
land at St, Andrews. See Waller's Poems.’ Martone. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 483 
guidance of his own good sense, he appears at an 


“ What may it bee that moves this woe? 
‘* Whose want affectes Arcadia soe ? 


“« The hope of Greece, the proppe of arts  ~ 24. H Ale oe nud 
“* Was princely Jack, the joy of harts "ga Hy: paki cgi ta 


< bag. ‘And Tont'was to our royal Pan_ 
< “ The chiefest swayne, and truest man, 

‘ The lofty trees of Menalus 

“ Did shake with winde from Hesperus : 

“« Whose sweete delicious ayre did fly 

‘ Through all the boundes of Arcadie 
“* Which moved a vayne in Jack and Tom 
“* To see the coast it issued from. 


* 


“ The winde was love, which princes stout 
“To pages turnes; but who can doubt 
“ Where equall fortune love procures 
** And equall love successe assures 
** But venturous Jack will bring to Greece 
“‘ The best of prize, the golden fleece, 


‘* Love is a world of many Spaynes 
** Where coldest hilles and hottest playnes 
“* With barren rockes and fertile fields 
«« By turnes despayre and comfort yeilds 
** But who can doubt of prosperous luck 
‘* Where love and fortune doth conduct. 


** Thy grandsire, godsire, father too, 

‘* Were thine examples so to doe ; 

‘“‘ Their brave attempts in heate of love, 

«* France, Scotland, Denmarke did approve 
** So Jack, and Tom, doe nothing new, 
“* When love, and fortune, they pursue. 


‘ Kind shepheards that have loved them long, 

«* Bee not too rash in censuring wrong: 

«* Correct your feares leave of [off] to mourne 

«© The heavens shall favour their returne 

* Commit the care to Royall Pan 

“ Of Jacke his sonne and Tom his man.” Boswe tu. 


212 


« 


484 THE LIFE OF 


early period to have placed himself in circumstances 
of ease and comfort. It must be gratifying to every 
reader to reflect upon this, and to feel satisfied that 
one to whom mankind has been so largely indebted 
for the pleasure and instruction which his writings 
have afforded, was not, while he was administering 
to the delight of others, himself labouring under the 
pressure of poverty. It will at the same time supply 
a satisfactory confutation of that maxim which the 
idle and profligate are so eager to inculeate, that 
economy and prudence are neither 'to be expected nor 
required in a person of exalted genius. If any man 
was ever entitled to such an exemption, it was Shak- 
speare. What poet's eye, in a fine phrenzy rolling, 
might with a better plea have overlooked the petty 
details of life; but while it was glancing from heaven 
to earth, from earth to heaven, he was not unmindful 
that he had duties as a husband and a father to per- 
form. We have seen him quitting Stratford, cer- 
tainly not under the degrading circumstances which 
unauthorized tradition has handed down, but, as we 
have every reason to suppose, from what has been 
related of his father, involved in some degree in pecu- 
niary difficulties ; and we shall find him at the close 
of life leaving his family in a state of comparative 
affluence. As early as the year 1598, an application 
was made to him for a loan of thirty pounds, no 
inconsiderable sum in those days, by his countryman 


' Richard Quyney of Stratford, who was beyond a 


cn 


doubt the father of Thomas Quyney, who afterwards 
married our poet’s youngest daughter. Such a request 
could not have been made to a person who was not 


heli 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 485 


possessed of means which enabled him readily to 
comply with it; and it is expressed in terms which 
clearly show that the writer was satisfied that he was 
addressing one from whom he had no apprehension 
of receiving a churlish denial. As the letter is a 
curiosity in itself, and derives an interest from its 
relation to Shakspeare, I shall here insert it. 

« Loving Contryman, I am bolde of yo". as of a 
frende, craveing yo"' helpe w'* xxx'> uppon M" 
Bushell & my securytee, or M' Myttens with me. 
M' Rosswell is not come to London, as yeate, & I: 
have especiall cawse. Yo". shall frende me muche in: 
helpeing me out of all the debeits I owe in London I 
thanck god, and muche quiet to my mynde w.; 
wolde not be indebited. I am now towards the 
Cowrte in hope y' answer for the dispatche of my “. /...s.- fe 
Buysenes. Yo" shall nether loose creddytt nor 477 Se oe 
monney by me, the Lorde wyllinge; & nowe butt 27~—* ~ 
pswade yo" selfe soe as I hope & yo" shall nott need 
to feare but with all hartie thanckfullnes I wyll holde 
my tyme & content yo" frend, & yf we Bargaine 
farther, yo” shall be the paie m' yo" selfe. My tyme 
bidds me to hasten to an ende, & soe I comitt thys 
[to] yo"" care & hope of yo"' helpe. I feare I shall 
nott be backe this night from the Cowrte. haste. the , wt hare, 
Lorde be w" yo” & w'" us all. amen. from the Bell “~<#**-~*: 
in Carter Lane the 25 october 1598. 
Cpt se « Yo"'s in all kyndenes, 

« Ryc. QUYNEY. 


x * To my Loveing good frend 


& contryman Mt W™ 
Shackesp’e* thees.” 
Re Jhl— yo eres eo ndiet rs angi Paw 
Be. weg hs fe po (eo Lawes Catcades f Pig 3 hat 3 AIST x/ 


yv 


486 THE LIFE OF 


In looking at this document, which, when folded up, 
is hardly two inches square, it is impossible not to 
express an unavailing regret that while this minute 
memorial of an obscure bailiff of Stratford has 
come down to us after the lapse of two centuries unin- 
jured by the accidents of time, we are not in possession 
of a single ma manuscript from the pen of his illustrious 
correspondnes, although they must have been un- 
questionably voluminous. Independently of his plays, 
aman of his kindness of heart and friendly dispo- 
sition, must have been perpetually engaged in ami- 
cable intercourse with his family, from whom he ap- 
pears to have been separated a great part of the year; 
and those many individuals attached to him in his 
native town, for which he always seems to have 
retained his fondness, and which at the close of his 
publick labours he gladly selected as the spot where 
he might close his days in the society of those who 
were dear to him. In the following year, we have 
another and gratifying instance of his prosperity, in a 
grant of arms made to his family, which I have 
already expressed my belief was obtained by his father _ 
in consequence of the poet’s celebrity. What share 
he held in the theatre at an early period, we have no 
means of ascertaining with accuracy ; but in 1603, on 
King James’s accession to the throne, a licence was 
granted to the Globe company, in which Shakspeare 


5 Shackespe.] Mr. Malone has here furnished an authority 
_ against his own hypothesis, with regard to the ancient mode of 
| spelling the poet’s name; but I think erroneously. What he has 
\, made an e, in his transcript, appears to my eye, in the original, 
(as be only a slight flourish to the 4. Boswetr. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 487 


is particularly mentioned as one of the partners. 
The pecuniary benefit which he derived from this 
situation, as well as a more particular mention of 
the purchases which he made at various times, will be 
subsequently noticed when an estimate is made of 
the property which he left behind him at his death. 
From the lamentable neglect of those whose proximity 
to the time in which he lived might have supplied them 
with ample contemporary information, little is knowns 
either of his habits or associates, during the time that 
he resided in London; but from all which we can 
generally collect, there can be no reason to question 
that the gentle Shakspeare enjoyed the society of all 
the most accomplished men that adorned the period 
in which he lived. ‘The patronage of Lord South- 
ampton, the favour of the court, his own splendid 


genius and amiable manners, must have made his. 


company sought after by all who were distinguished 
for their rank or their literature. 

[I have prefixed a bracket to the observations which 
follow, because I am by no means satisfied that what 
I am going to add would have met with the concur- 
rence of Mr. Malone, and I am anxious not to mis- 
lead the publick by seeming to impute to him sen- 
timents which it may be doubtful if he ever could 
have been persuaded to entertain; but I think we 
have every reason to suppose that one of those with 
whom he lived upon a footing of particular intimacy, 
was his great contemporary, Ben Jonson. Whether 
at any time there was even a temporary interruption 
of their cordiality is a question to which I have ad- 
verted elsewhere. One anecdote has been handed 


a fase 


488 THE LIFE OF 


down by tradition, which, although certainly not true 
in all its parts, I should be unwilling to think 
altogether destitute of foundation. It has been 
stated that the acquaintance of these two great 

poets began with an act of kindness on the part of 
latinos on the perusal of a play by Jonson, 
who was then unknown, which had been super- 
ciliously rejected by the players; but that-Shak- 
speare having accidentally seen it, not only pointed 
out its merit, but took every opportunity of recom- 
mending Jonson’s writings to the publick. The play 
has been said to have been Every Man in his Hu- 
mour, which, till the publication of Henslowe’s MSS. 
by Mr. Malone, was supposed to have been Jonson’s 
earliest production. That he was not then unknown, 
and that the drama alluded to was not performed at 
Shakspeare’s theatre, is placed beyond a doubt by 
the MSS. above-mentioned. Mr. Malone and Mr. 
Gifford concur in disbelieving this story; yet it has 
more than once been observed by my late friend, 
that traditionary anecdotes, however erroneous, in 
» many respects, have not unfrequently some foun- 
dation in truth; and one would surely be gratified in 
believing that an incident which does honour to both 
those illustrious men was of this description. Jonson 
was certainly at an early period employed on the 
drama; but how unworthily was he often called upon 
to exert his talents! It is impossible to contemplate, 
without commiseration, this profound and judicious 


scholar with all his classical attainments fresh about — 


him, ambitious of teaching laws to the stage, which 


was then, generally speaking, in the lowest state of — ~ 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 489 


degradation, not only compelled to unite himself 
with other writers altogether unworthy of such an 
association ; but driven to the necessity of earning 
thirty shillings by writing additions to the Spanish’ 
Tragedy, a performance which he never speaks of 
but with the utmost contempt. His Comedy of 
Humours, as it is called in the MS. was indeed per- 
formed, and, as it should seem, with success, having 
been acted eleven times; but is it too much to sup- 
pose that it may afterwards have been purchased by 
Shakspeare’s company at his instigation, and that 
the praises which he bestowed upon it, may have 
advanced the author’s reputation ? 

It is true that at the time when this admirable 
comedy was written, Jonson, as he terms it in his 
Dedication to the Gentlemen of the Inns of Court, 
had friendship with divers in those societies who 
were great names in learning, and of such men it 
will be readily believed that Every Man in his Hu- 
mour was not despised. But although he was very 
far from being unknown by men of learned and cul- 
tivated minds ; yet his play might have been “ ca- 
viare to the general,” before whom Locrine and old 
Jeronymo were exhibited with applause. Shak- 
speare, from his theatrical influence, might be more 
capable of promoting its success than the Gentlemen 
of the Inns of Court, nor is it any deduction from 
Jonson’s genius that the master spirit of the age 
was among the first who appreciated and pointed it 
out. I confess I do not feel confident on this sub- 


3 ject; but after Mr. Gifford has successfully overthrown 


the long prevalent stories of the hostility which sub- 


Ae. 
vis 


( 


490 THE LIFE OF 


sisted between these two great men, I cannot but) 
regret if at the same time we are compelled to relin- 
quish an anecdote which exhibits them in friendly 
intercourse. ] . 
The exact period at which Shakspeare quitted the 
metropolis, and settled at his native place, has not 
been ascertained. Mr. Malone was at one time of 
opinion that this alteration in his mode of life took 
place soon after his dramatick labours closed, in 1611 
or 1612; but a doubt was thrown upon this conjec- 
ture by the discovery of a mortgage which was 
executed by Shakspeare in March, 1612-13; and 
which will be found in the Appendix. He may, 
however, as has already been observed in a former 
page, have parted with his property in the theatre 
before; and it may be added, that this transaction 
may have taken place after he had ceased to be a 
settled resident in London. All the accounts which 
have been handed down to us, concur in stating that 
he spent some years in Stratford before his death; 
and as that event took place in April, 1616, we cannot 
with propriety fix upon a later date than what has 
been already mentioned for the period of his retire- 
ment. But as his family lived at Stratford, as it 
should seem, during the whole or the greater part of 
the time when his connection with the theatre required 
his attendance in the metropolis; we might readily 
infer from his character, that he would not totally 
absent himself from those who were dear to him; and 
accordingly we are told by Aubrey, that he used to 
visit his native country once a year. That accurate 
observation of nature and endless variety of character 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 491 


which appears throughout his works, could not have 
been obtained but by a man who did not suffer a 
single circumstance of “ many-coloured life” to escape 
him; and it is probable that not a journey took place 
which did not supply him with fresh materials; and 
of this an instance has been recorded by Mr. Aubrey: 
«* The humour of the constable in A Midsommer- 
Night-Dreame (he tells us) he happened to take at 
Crendon in Bucks (I think it was Midsomer-night 
that he happened to be there); which is the road from 
London to Stratford ; and there was living that con- 
stable about 1642, when I came first to Oxon. Mr. 
Josias Howe ° is of the parish, and knew him.” 

It must be acknowledged that there is here a slight 
mistake, there being no such character as a constable 
in A Midsummer-Night’s Dream. The person in 
contemplation probably was Dogberry in Much Ado 
About Nothing. But this mistake of a name does 
not, in my apprehension, detract in the smallest 
degree from the credit of the fact itself; namely, that 
our poet in his admirable character of a foolish con- 
stable had in view an individual who lived in 
Crendon or Grendon (for it is written both ways), a 
town in Buckinghamshire, about thirteen miles from 
Oxford. Leonard Digges,; who was Shakspeare’s 
contemporary, has fallen into a similar errour ; for in 


his eulogy on our poet, he has supposed the character 
Si a a oe fea Saw 
4 J hom foarnng Aor Pha Bassani Cha fo 
6 « Josias Howe, the son of Thomas Howe, priest, of Grendon-- <+~¢ ~* A 
in Bucks, was matriculated as a student of Trinity College, Ox- 
ford, April 13, 1632, aged nineteen. About the same time, scho- 
lar.” A. W.in MS. This shews he was born not in 1611, as 
Mr. Warton supposed, but in 1613. 


ae aay SO 


492 THE LIFE OF 


of Malvolio, which is found in Twelfth Night, to be 
in Much Ado About Nothing. 

As some account of the person from whom Mr. 
Aubrey derived this anecdote, who was of the same 
college with him at Oxford, may tend to establish its 
credit, I shall transcribe from Mr. Warton’s preface 
to his Life of Sir Thomas Pope, such notices of Mr. 
Josias Howe, as he has been able to recover. 

« He was born at Crendon in Bucks [about the 
year 1611], and elected a scholar of Trinity College 
June 12, 1632; admitted a. fellow, being then 
bachelor of arts, May 26, 1637.. By Hearne he is 
called a great cavalier and loyalist, and a most inge- 
niougy man’. He appears to have been a general and 
accomplished. scholar, and in polite literature one of 
the omaments of the university—In 1644, he 
preached before king Charles the First, at Christ 
Church cathedral, Oxford. The sermon was printed, 
and in red letters, by his Majesty’s special command. 
—Soon after 1646, he was ejected from his fellowship 
by the presbyterians; and restored in 1660. He 
lived forty-two years, greatly respected, after his 
restitution, and arriving at the age of ninety, died 
fellow of the college where he constantly resided, 
August 28, 1701.” Mr. Thomas Howe, the father 
of this Mr. Josias Howe (as I learn from Wood), 
was minister of Grendon, and contemporary with 
A. Sihskepesee and from him his son perhaps derived 
some information concerning our poet, which he 
might have communicated to his fellow-collegian, 
Aubrey. The anecdote relative to the constable of - 


7 Rob. Glouc, Gloss. p. 669. 


oe Mpeligter GF ote! res GG 
ate p-—+* WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 493 


Grendon, however, does not stand on. this ground ; 
for we find that Mr. Josias Howe personally knew 
him, and that he was living in 1642. 

When our poet returned to his native place, we 
might have been led to hope that his townsmen, who 
doubtless participated in no common degree in the 
high admiration which his writings had excited, 
would have preserved some memorials of the domestic 
life and habits of one who had conferred so much 
honour on the spot of his birth. But although in 
this we are disappointed, his. contemporaries have 
borne witness in general terms to the brilliancy of 
his conversation and the suavity of his manners. 

“ He was,” says Aubrey, “a handsome well-shaped” 
man, verie good company, and of a very ready, and 
pleasant, and smooth witt.” 

I suppose none of my readers will find any difficulty 
in giving full credit to this part of the account. Mr. 
Aubrey, I believe, is the only writer who has parti- 
cularly mentioned the beauty of our poet’s person ; 
and there being no contradictory testimony on the 
subject, he may here be safely relied on. All his 
contemporaries who have spoken of him, concur in 
celebrating the gentleness of his manners, and the 
readiness of his wit. ‘“ As he was a happy imitator 
of nature (say his fellow comedians), so was he a 
most gentle expresser of it. His mind and hand 
went together ; and what he thought he uttered with 
that easiness, that we have scarce received from him 

- a blot in his papers.” “My gentle Shakspeare,” is 
the compellation used to him by Ben Jonson. “ He 
was indeed (says his old antagonist) honest, and of 

~ Ke at Ke tang Fak shnde 7 
‘ Ge aga AGES final fe 
formet tp Py Ae eyes p fre 


| 
| 


Aa ath as 


494 THE LIFE OF 


an open and free nature ; had an excellent fancy, 
brave notions, and gentle expressions; wherein he 
flowed with that facility, that sometimes it was 
necessary he should be stopped.  Sufflaminandus 
erat, as Augustus said of Harterius.” So also in 
his verses on our poet : 

Look how the father’s face 

** Lives in his issue, even so the race 


“ Of Shakspeare’s mind and manners brightly shines 
“In his well-torned and true-filed lines.” 


6 ems 


And conformable to all these ancient testimonies is 
that of Mr. Rowe, who informs us, from the tradi- 
tional accounts received from his native town, that - 
our poet’s “ pleasurable wit and good-nature engaged 
him in the acquaintance and entitled him to the 
friendship of the gentlemen of his neighbourhood at 
Stratford.” 

A man, whose manners were thus engaging, whose 
wit was thus ready, and whose mind was stored with 
such a plenitude of ideas and such a copious assem- 
blage of images as his writings exhibit, could not but 
have been what he is represented by Mr. Aubrey, a 
delightful companion. 

But.none of those sallies which probably set the table 
in a roar have come down to us, and scarcely any thing 
is recorded of him, either grave or gay, except one anec- 
dote; the truth of which, to say the least of it, is 
very questionable. “ Among the gentlemen with whom 
he associated,” Mr. Rowe informs us, “ there is a story 
almost still remembered in that country, that he had 
a particular intimacy with Mr. Combe, an old gen- 
tleman noted thereabouts for his wealth and usury ; 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 496 


it happened that in a pleasant conversation amongst 
their common friends, Mr. Combe told Shakspeare, in 
a laughing manner, that he fancied he intended to 
write his epitaph if he happened to outlive him; 
and since he could not know what might be said of 
him when he was dead, he desired it might be done 
immediately; upon which Shakspeare gave him 
these four verses : 

«« «Ten in the hundred lies here ingrav'd ' ; 

*« «?Tis a hundred to ten his soul is not sav'd: 


«* «Tf any man ask, Who lies in the tomb? 
“Oh! ho! quoth the devil, ’tis my John-a-Combe *.’ 


* Ten in the hundred lies here ingrav’d;] In ‘ The More 
the Merrier, containing three-score and odd heedless epigrams, 
shot (like the fooles bolts), among you, light where they will: ” 
By H. P. Gent. &c. 1608. I find the following couplet, which is 
almost the same as the two beginning lines of this Epitaph on 
John-a-Combe : 

Feneratoris Evrrarnium. 
* Ten in the hundred lies under this stone, 
« And a hundred to ten to the devil he’s gone.” 
STEEVENS. 


‘Fs y) 
fe Pinan Gn Al 


p Mong Jl 


So, in Camden’s Remains, 1614: a. Se 
‘* Here lyes ten in the hundred, let — 1040S 


‘* In the ground fast ramm’d ; 
* *Tis an hundred to ten 
** But his soule is damn’d.” Matong. 

2 Oh! oh! quoth the devil, ‘tis my John-a-Combe.] The 
Rev. Francis Peck, in his Memoirs of the Life and Poetical 
Works of Mr. John Milton, 4to. 1740, p. 223, has introduced 
another epitaph imputed (on what authority is unknown) to Shak- 
speare. It is on Tom-a-Combe, alias Thin-beard, brother to this 
John, who is mentioned by Mr. Rowe: 

“ Thin in beard, and thick in purse ; 

** Never man beloved worse ; 

** He went to the grave with many a curse : 

** The devil and he had both one nurse.” Stgevens. 


Lewy b+ &t7 
- ‘ 


| 
‘ 


496 THE LIFE OF 


« But the sharpness of the satire is said to have 
stung the man so severely, that he never forgave it.” 
Many years ago Mr. Steevens expressed an opinion 
that this story was altogether unfounded®. — In 


I suspect these lines were sent to Mr. Peck by some person 
that meant to impose upon him. It appears from Mr. John 
Combe’s will, that his brother Thomas was’ dead in 1614. John 
devised the greater part of his real and personal estate to his 


| nephew Thomas Combe, with whom Shakspeare was certainly on 


good terms, having bequeathed him his sword. 

Since I wrote the above, I find from the register of Stratford, 
that Mr. Thomas Combe (the brother of John) was buried there, 
Jan. 22, 1608-9. Matone. 

3 I take this opportunity to-avow my disbelief that Shakspeare 
was the author of Mr. Combe’s epitaph, or that it was written by 
any other person at the request of that gentleman. If Betterton 
the player did really visit Warwickshire for the sake of collecting 
anecdotes relative to our author, perhaps he was too easily satis- 
fied with such as fell in his way, without making any rigid 
search into their authenticity. It appears also from a following 
copy of this inscription, that it was not ascribed to Shakspeare so 
early as two years after his death. Mr, Reed of Staple-Inn 
obligingly pointed it out to me in the Remains, &c. of Richard 
Brathwaite, 1618; and as his edition of our epitaph varies in 


Some measure from the latter one published by Mr. Rowe; I shall 
not hesitate to transcribe it : 


‘Upon one John Combe of Stratford upon Avon, a notable 
Usurer, fastened upon a Tombe that he had caused to be 
built in his Life-Time. 

“Ten in the hundred must lie in his grave, 
‘* But a hundred to ten whether God will him haye; 
‘* Who then must be interr'd in this tombe ? 
** Oh (quoth the divill) my John a Combe.” 

Here it may be observed that, strictly speaking, this is no 
jocular epitaph, but a malevolent prediction; and Brathwaite’s 
copy is surely more to be depended on (being procured in or 
before the year 1618) than that delivered to Betterton or Rowe, 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 497 


Aubrey’s anecdotes so often quoted, the story is told 
in a different manner. 


almost a century afterwards. It has been already remarked, that 
two of the lines said to have been produced on this occasion, were 
printed as an epigram in 1608, by H. P. Gent. and are likewise 
found in Camden’s Remains, 1614. I may add, that a usurer's 


i Ke fade 


solicitude to know what would be reported of him when he was “7 <2 * * 


dead, is not a very probable circumstance; neither was Shak- 
speare of a disposition to compose an invective, at once so bitter 
and uncharitable, during a pleasant conversation among the com- 
mon friends of himself and a gentleman, with whose family he 
lived in such friendship, that at’ his death he bequeathed his 
sword to Mr. Thomas Combe as a legacy. A miser’s monument 
indeed, constructed during his life-time, might be regarded as a 
challenge to satire; and we cannot wonder that anonymous lam- 
poons should have been affixed to the marble designed to convey 
the character of such a being to posterity.—I hope I may be 
excused for this attempt to vindicate Shakspeare from the imputa- 
tion of having poisoned the hour of confidence and festivity, by 
producing the severest of all censures on one of his company. I 
am unwilling, in short; to think he could so wantonly and so 
publickly have expressed his doubts concerning the salvation of 
one of his fellow-creatures. SreEvens, 

Since the above observations first appeared (in a note to the 
edition of our author's Poems which I published in 1780), I have 
obtained an additional proof of what has been advanced, in vin- 
dication of Shakspeare on this subject. It occurred to me that 
the will of John Combe might possibly throw some light on this 
matter, and an examination of it some years ago furnished me 
with such evidence as renders the story recorded in Brathwaite’s 
Remains very doubtful ; and still more strongly proves that, who- 
ever was the author of this epitaph, it is highly improbable that 
it should have been written by Shakspeare. 

The very first direction given by Mr. Combe in his will is, con- 
cerning a tomb to be erected to him after his death. ‘* My will 
is, that a convenient tomb of the value of threescore pounds shall 
by my executors hereafter named, out of my goods and chattels 
first raysed, within one year after my decease, be set over me.” 


VOL. II. 2K 


9A han laut 
fete LO ~¥ 
eres. 
meh Fat 
4 


>. 


498 THE LIFE OF 
“ Ben Jonson and he did gather humours of men 


So much for Brathwaite’s account of his having erected his own 
tomb in his life-time. That he had any quarrel with our author, 
or that Shakspeare had by any act stung him so severely that Mr. 
Combe never forgave him, appears equally void of foundation; for 
by his will he bequeaths “to Mr. William Shakspere Five 
Pounds.” It is probable that they lived in intimacy, and that 
Mr. Combe had made some purchase from our poet; for he 
devises to his brother George, ‘“‘ the close or grounds known by 
the name of Parson’s Close, alias, Shakspere’s Close.” It must 
be owned that Mr. Combe'’s will is dated Jan. 28, 1612-13, about 
eighteen months before his death; and therefore the evidence 
now produced is not absolutely decisive, as he might have 
erected a tomb, and a rupture might have happened between 
him and Shakspeare, after the making of this will : but it is very 
improbable that any such rupture should have taken place; for 
if the supposed cause of offence had happened subsequently to 
the execution of the instrument, it is to be presumed that he 
would have revoked the legacy to Shakspeare: and the same 
argument may be urged with respect to the direction concerning 
his tomb. 

Mr. Combe by his will bequeathed to Mr. Francis Collins the 
elder, of the borough of Warwick (who appears as a legatee and 
subscribing witness to Shakspeare’s will, and therefore may be 
presumed a common friend), ten pounds; to his godson John 
Collins (the son of Francis), ten pounds; to Mrs. Susanna 
Collins (probably godmother to our poet’s eldest daughter), six 
pounds, thirteen shillings, and four-pence ; to Mr. Henry Walker 
(father to Shakspeare’s godson), twenty shillings ; to the poor of 
Stratford, twenty pounds ; and to his servants, in various legacies, 
one hundred and ten pounds. He was buried at Stratford, J uly 12, 
1614, and his will was proved, Nov. 10, 1615. 

Our author, at the time of making Azs will, had it not in his 
power to show any testimony of his regard for Mr. Combe, that 
gentleman being then dead; but that he continued a friendly 
correspondence with his family to the last, appears evidently 
(as Mr. Steevens has observed) from his leaving his sword to 
Mr. Thomas Combe, the nephew, residuary legatee, and one of the 
executors of John. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE., 499 
wherever they came. One time as he was at the 


On the whole we may conclude, that the lines preserved by 
Rowe, and inserted with’some variation in Brathwaite’s Remains, 
which the latter has mentioned to, have been affixed to. Mr. 
Combe’s tomb in his life-time, were not written till after Shak- 
speare’s death ; for the executors, who did not prove the will till 
Nov. 1615, could not well have erected “a fair monument.” of 
considerable expence for those times, till the middle or perhaps 
the end of the year 1616, in the April of which year our poet 
died, » Between that time and the year 1618, when Brath- 
waite’s book appeared, some one of those persons (we may pre- 
sume) who had suffered by Mr. Combe's severity, gave vent to his 
feelings in the satirical composition preserved by Rowe; part of 
which, ‘we have seen, was borrowed from epitaphs that had 
already been printed.—That Mr. Combe was a money-lender, 
may be inferred from a clause in his will, in which he mentions 
his ‘* good and just debtors; ” to every one of whom he remits 
** twenty shillings for every twenty pounds, and so after this rate 
for a greater or lesser debt,” on their paying in to his executors 
what they owe, 

Mr.'Combe married Mrs, Rose Clopton, the youngest daughter 
of William Clopton, of Clopton, Esq, [it was old John who 
married Rose Clopton], August 27,.1561; and therefore was 
probably, when he died, eighty years old. His property, from 
the description of it; appears to have been considerable. 

In justice to this gentleman it should be remembered, that in 
the language of Shakspeare’s age an usurer did not mean one 
who took exorbitant, but any, interest or usance for money ; 
which many then considered as criminal. The opprobrious term 
by which such a person was distinguished, ‘‘ Ten in the hun- 
dred,” proves this ; for ten per cent. was the ordinary interest of 
money. See Shakspeare’s will.—Sir Philip Sidney directs by his 
will, made in 1586, that Sir Francis Walsingham shall put four 
thousand pounds which the testator bequeathed to his daughter, 
“* to the best behoofe either by purchase of land or lease, or some 
other good and godly use, but in no case to let it out for any 
usury at all.”,..MaLone. 

In whatever form it may have been transmitted to us, I cannot 

2K 2 


500 THE LIFE OF 
taverne at Stratford, Mr. Combes‘, an old usurer, was 


allow myself to entertain a doubt that this legendary story was 
an idle traditionary fabrication from beginning to end.. Mr. 
Rowe's expressions are worthy of notice; he tells us it :is al- 
most still remembered at Stratford;—a very slender. foundation 
to rest upon. ‘These verses occur in a variety of different shapes 
in our old miscellanies, and some of the variations are pointed: out 
in a preceding page. I could easily add to the number if it were 
worth while, but it is to be remarked, that in none of them are 
§ the lines attributed to Shakspeare. His property in them rests 
\ entirely upon the authority of Aubrey, and Rowe's tradition, ‘This 
epitaph occurs, as. Mr. Steevens has already observed, in Brath- 
waite’s Remains, and I have myself very little doubt that. Brath- 
waite was the author, and that the circumstance of building his tomb 
in his life-time was a mere fiction, to add poignancy to the satire. 
My friend, Mr. Haslewood, in his very curious republication of 
Barnabe Itinerarium, has given us an ample account of this vo- 
luminous writer's productions; of these, there is one entitled 
Spiritual Spicerie, containing sundry sweet Tractates of Devotion 
and Pietie. In one of these tractates, the author penitentially 
reviews the errors of his past life, and probably alludes to this 
very lampoon: “‘ I could jeere him to his face whom I needed 
most ; Ten at hundred I meane, and he would not stick to.pay 
mee in-mine own coyne; I might beg a courtesie at his hands, 
but to starve for't never prevaile, wherein [ found this instru- 
ment of usurie and the Devil to be of one societie,” &c/ As we 
find from this that he was in the habit of jeering a money- 
lender, and as these lines are printed in his name, it is, I think, 
much more probable, that they proceeded from an angry spend- 
thrift, than that Shakspeare should have composed them under 
any circumstances, upon one with whom he lived in habits of 
friendship. Another legendary story which does perhaps still less 
honour to our poet, I will give in the words of a native of Strat- 
ford, John Jordan, as he communicated it to Mr. Malone: 
 “ Amongst the many juvenile levities of Shakspeare, I:cannot 
omit delineating some other traits of his character; tradition 
says that he loved hearty draughts of English beer or ale, and 
that there were then two companies of people who usually met at 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 501. 


to be buried >; he makes then this extemporary 
epitaph upon him : 


a village called Bidford, about seven miles below Stratford, upon 
the Banks of the Avon, who distinguished themselves by the 
uppellations of the topers and sippers, the former of whom were’ 
accounted the most eminent in the science of drinking the largest 
quantity of liquor without being intoxicated ; yet the latter were 
also very powerful, and looked on themselves superior | to most 
other companies of drinkers in this country. 

“« These sons of Bacchus challenged all the men in England to 
drink with them, to try the strength of their heads; the Stratford’ 
bard and his companions accepted it, and repaired to Bidford on a 
Whitsun Monday, to make a trial with the topers, but to their 
disappointment, they discovered that they were gone to Evesham 
Fair upon a like excursion; so the Stratfordians with Shakspeare 
were obliged to take up with the sippers, who they scoffed at as 
unworthy the contest ; but upon trial they found themselves very 
inferior to their opponents, and were at last obliged to own their 
superiority ; for the poet and his companions got so intoxicated, 
that they were obliged to decline any further trial; and leaving 
Bidford, they proceeded homeward ; but poor William when he 
came about half a mile from the village, unable to go on, laid 
himself down upon the verdant turf, beneath the umbrageous 2- 4 Abn 
boughs of a wide spreading crab tree, where he took his night's 7-7 fe 
repose, the lark’s early matins awaked him, and he was invite 
to return to Bidford by some of his convivial companions to renew 
the contest, but he refused ; says he, I have drank with 

‘*** Piping Pebworth, Dancing Marston, 

** «Haunted Hillborough, and Hungry Grafton, 
“© With Dadging Exhall, Papist Wixford, 

** * Beggarly Broom, and Drunken Bidford.” ’ 

“«« These lines seem to intimate that the opponents consisted of 
a motley group selected from the above villages ; Pebworth is 
still celebrated for the skill of its inhabitants, in music and rural 
festivity ; and Long Marston or Marston Sicca (as it is commonly 
wrote), the inhabitants of which are noted for their activity in 
country dances; and Hillborough is a lonely hamlet said by 


502 THE LIFE OF 


** Ten in the hundred the devil allowes, 
«* But Combes will have twelve, he swears and he vowes: 
“If any one aske, who lies in this tomb, — 
ss “* Hoh! quoth the devill, ‘tis my John o’Combe.” 
In a former page I have proved, if I mistake not, 
from an examination of Mr. Combe’s will, and other . 


the tradition of the vicinage to have been haunted by spirits and 
fairies: Hungry Grafton, I suppose, received that appellation from 
the barrenness of its soil; but however that may be, the produce 
of its excellent stone quarries make sufficient amends for the 
sterility of the land. Dadging Exhall,—I must confess I am at a 
loss how to account for the appellation of Dadging ; but Papist 
Wixford, is a village belonging to the Throckmorton family, and 
the tenants are most of them of the Roman Catholick Religion. ’ 
Beggarly Broom must have been so called from the badness of 
the soil ; and Drunken Bidford still deseryes the name ; for though 
it is but a small village, there are five public houses in it, and 
the people love ale as well as they did in the days of Shakspeare. 
Of, this I am certain, from my own observations, having resided 
amongst them above half a year.” 

I cannot help thinking that this is a second instance in which 
poor Brathwaite may have been robbed of his property. This 
doggerel nonsense is very unlikely to have proceeded from Shak- 
speare, but would cut a very respectable figure in Drunken Bar- 
nabie’s Journal. It may at first. create surprise that such anec- 
dotes should have been at any time current in Stratford of one 
who is their greatest boast; but this mode of doing honour to a 
distinguished character may be paralleled elsewhere.. Those 
pranks which, under different names, such as Marcolphus and Ber- 
toldo, &c. have afforded amusement to the lower orders in almost 
every nation, are attributed in a popular Scotch chap-book to 
Buchanan. Many of his countrymen, who never heard of him 
as an historian, or a poet, are familiarly acquainted with George 
Buchanan, the, king’s jester. Boswektt. 

4 This custom of adding an S to many names, both in speaking 
and writing, was very common in the lastage. Shakspeare’s fel- 


Jee far lone’ 1s: Conan a Ai inte, 
a py Al ; Co ane, Fe ae ee NS 
Kha o Kear a Fhe rea 1s 
Jn~<s Quen Lefton <vs1ee 
Lhe emer A OC FRs gree 7 ae a cee, 
Fh etawit enV KE Kud L106 were Henges = 


iat) att fing tr) << 55 


a 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 503 


circumstances, that no credit is due to Mr. Rowe’s 
account of our poet’s having so incensed him by an 
epitaph which he made on him in his presence, at a 
tavern at Stratford, that the old gentleman never 
forgave him. And Mr. Aubrey’s account of this 


matter, which I had not then seen, fully confirms 


what I suggested on the subject: for here we find, 
that the epitaph was made after Combe’s death. Ja poe 
Nor is this sprightly effusion inconsistent, with Shak- << “; 7-7 
speare’s having lived in a certain degree of familiarity fea fin Bog 3 
with that gentleman; whom he might have respected 2 i aro 
for some qualities, though he indulged himself in a7 —=— oa fel 
sudden and playful censure of his inordinate attention se 
to the acquirement of wealth, at a time when that 
ridicule could not affect him who was the object of it. 

Mr. Steevens has justly observed, that the verses 
exhibited by Mr. Rowe, contain not a jocular epi- 
taph but a malevolent prediction; and every reader 
will, I am sure, readily agree with him, that it is 


_ extremely inprobable that Shakspeare should have 


poisoned the hour of confidence and friendship by pro- 
ducing one of the severest censures on one of his 
company, and so wantonly and publickly express his 


low comedian, John Heminge, was always called Mr. Hemings 
by his contemporaries, and Lord Clarendon pierre ci writes 
Bishop Earles, instead of Bishop Earle, 
“§ (says Camden in his Remaines, 4to. 1605,) also is joyned 
to most [names] now, as Manors, Knoles, Crofts, Hilles, 
Combes,” &c. 
5s Mr. Combe was buried at Stratford, July 12, 1614. The Z. 2-2 fof 
entry in the Register of that parish confirms the observation made pre 
above; for though written by a clergyman, it stands thus: 
“ July 12,1614. Mr. John Combes, Gener.” 


4 tf roy 


504 THE LIFE OF 


doubts concerning the salvation of one of his fellow 
creatures. The foregoing more accurate statement 
entirely vindicates our poet from this imputation. 

These extemporary verses having, I suppose, not 
been set down in writing by their author, and being 
inaccurately transmitted to London, appear in an 
entirely different shape in Braithwaite’s Remaines, 
and there we find them affixed to a tomb erected by — 
Mr. Combe in his life-time. I have already shown 
that no such tomb was erected by Mr. Combe, and 
therefore Braithwaite’s story is as little to be credited 
as Mr. Rowe’s. That such various representations — 
should be made of verses of which the author pro- 
bably never gave a written copy, and perhaps never 
thought of after hehad uttered them, is not at all 
extraordinary.. Who has not, in his own experience, 
met with similar variations in the accounts of a 
transaction which passed but a few months before he 
had occasion to examine minutely and accurately 
into the real state of the fact ? 

In further support of Mr. Aubrey’s exhibition of - 


~ these verses, it may be observed, that in his copy the 


first couplet is original; in Mr. Rowe’s exhibition of 
them it is borrowed from preceding epitaphs. In the 
fourth line, Ho (not On ho, as Mr. Rowe has it,) 
was in Shakspeare’s age the appropriate exclamation 


“> Zo 9" of Robin Goodfellow, alias Pucke, alias Hobgoblin °. 


Grgk- ta? 


2% 7 4-~<~ Tt has been already mentioned p. 118, that Shak- 


speare’s wife brought him three children: Susanna, 


6 See Percy's Reliques of Ancient Poetry, vol. iii. p. 202. 


iis 


Ay Bee Rue we Bind Sehepin Lirias Toe Be 
rs ane eae fee Fea 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE., 505 


who was born in May, 1583; and that about eighteen: 
months afterwards, she was delivered of twins, a son 
and a daughter, who were baptized on February 2, 
1584-5, by the names of Hamnet and: Judith. In 
the year 1596, he had the irreparable’ misfortune 
to lose his only son, who died at the early age of 
twelve. Susanna, the eldest daughter, was married 


June 5, 1607, to Dr. John Hall, a respectable phy- 


sician; the youngest to» Mr. Thomas Quiney, Fe- 
bruary 10, 1615-16. A more particular account of 


_ our poet’s family, will be found in the Stratford Re- 


gisters, which are given in the Appendix. We have 
now the melancholy task of recording the close of 
Shakspeare’s virtuous and brilliant career.. He died 
on-his birth-day, April 23, 1616, and had. exactly 42.04 /......2 


fave Lop oberdecd & 


completed his. fifty-second year.» From Du Cange’s ~~ -? +> 


Perpetual Almanack, Gloss: in v. Annus (making Gores 230 70 vA 
allowance for the different style which then prevailed “; oa aes os 
in England from that on which Du Cange’s caleula-“7- wider: 


_ tion was formed), it appears that the 23d of April i in Yripeet raion 7 
that year was a Tuesday. There. is an interesting “= eos 
* coincidence between the death of our great poet on/* pee 
his birthday, and that of one almost equally illus. “242°2~ 
trious in a sister art. Raffaelle also died on his’ Ke ec ore 


birth-day, at the still earlier age of thirty-seven. tye: ee ee 


Cr kaes borer 
Poneet—s, 


was not only in this circumstance that they bore age tg ware 
resemblance to each other; but as we learn froméa-~ Af omcnsetl 


nm, Sud Toa 


Vasari’s character of that great painter, in mildness “ or. ee 


Aas 


of manners and benevolence of disposition. eee rie 
No account has been transmitted to us of the 

malady which at so early a period. of life deprived 

England of its brightest ornament. The private 


wo AF. fang PON eee Dt a ete “Liter sae 2 
me Tham 6G Camm Cue Poe Gene Ce 


oso Oi swag t Co, Lae ee ees 
ham  Mhn tf? CIR few tin 7 Puen gn ee 
ed he 


506 THE LIFE OF 


note-book of his son-in-law Dr. Hall’, containing a 

short: state of the cases of his patients, was a few 

years.ago put into my hands by my friend, the late 

Dr. Wright ; and as Dr. Hall married our poet’s 

daughter in the year 1607, and undoubtedly at- 

_ tended. Shakspeare ‘in ‘his last illness, being then forty 

years-old, I had ‘hopes this book might have enabled 

me’ to gratify the publick curiosity on this subject. 

But unluckily the earliest case ‘recorded by Hall, is 

dated in\1617. ‘He had probably filled some other 

book ‘with memorandums of his practice in preceding 

years ; which by some contingency may hereafter be 

found, and inform posterity of the particular circum- 

stances that attended the death of our great poet. 
Shakspeare was buried April 25, 1616, on the north 

Yon, thank si ot side of the chancel of the great church at Stratford. 
3S. Om his grave-stone underneath is the following in- 
Saf” sexiption, expressed, as Mr. Steevéns observes, in an 
_*—~"?"“Gneouth mixture of small and capital letters : 
** Good Frend for Iesus SAKE forbeare 
‘«'To dice T-E Dust EncloAsed HERe 
Bley fa. * Blese be T-E Man { spares T-Es Stones 
cals ae “ And curst be He { moves my Bones®.” Sreevens. 


7 Dr. Hall’s pocket-book after his death fell into the hands of 
a surgeon of Warwick, who published a translation of it, (with 
some additions of his own) under the title of Select Observations 
on the English Bodies of eminent Persons, in desperate Diseases, 
&c. The third edition was printed in 1683. 

8 And curst be he that moves my bones.] It is uncertain whe- 
ther this epitaph was written by Shakspeare himself, or by one of 
his friends after his death. The imprecation contained in this last 
line, was perhaps suggested by an apprehension that ou¥ atithor's 


Er 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 507 
A monument’was. afterwards erected to his mel32 2. 4. 


mory, at what time is not known, but certainly! 21/022" 


remains might.share the.same fate with those.of the.rest of ‘his * et 
countrymen, and be added to the immense pile of human, bones Soran 
deposited in the charnel house at. Stratford. This, however, is nena 
mere conjecture ; for similar execrations are found in many — 
ancient Latin epitaphs. Ar Iacanee 
Mr. Steevens has justly mentioned it as a singular circumstance,2~ 2 ~/ Kom 
that Shakspeare does not appear to have written any verses on his<> : 
contemporaries, either in praise of the living, or in honour of the~ 2h 
dead. I once imagined that he had mentioned Spenser with 7-4 
kindness in one of his Sonnets; but have since discovered that 
the Sonnet to which I allude, was written by Richard Barnefield, 
If, however, the following epitaphs be genuine, (and indeed the 
latter is much in Shakspeare’s manner), he in two instances 
overcame that modest diffidence, which seems to have supposed 
the eulogium of his humble muse of no value. 
In a Manuscript volume of poems by William Herrick and others, 
in the hand-writing of the time of Charles I. which is among 
Rawlinson’s Collections in the Bodleian Library, is the following 
epitaph, ascribed to our poet : 


“* AN EPITAPH, 


** When God was pleas’d, the world unwilling yet, 
“ Elias James to nature payd his debt, 
* And here reposeth: as he liv’d, he dyde ; 
‘The saying in him strongly verefide,— 
“ Such life, such death: then, the known truth to tell, 
“ He liv'd a godly life, and dyde as well. 
. «WM. SHAKSPEARE,” 


There was formerly a family of the surname of James at Strat- 
ford. Anne, the wife of Richard James, was buried there on the 
same day with our poet's widow; and Margaret, the daughter of 
John James, died there in April, 1616. 

A monumental inscription ‘* of a better leer,” and said to be 
written by our author, is preserved in a collection of Epitaphs, 
at the end of the Visitation of Salop, taken by Sir William Dug- 


508 THE LIFE OF 


before 1623, as it'is mentioned in the commendatory 
verses of Leonard Digges. He is represented under 
an arch, in a sitting posture, a cushion spread before 
him, with a pen in his right hand, and his left rested: 
on a'scroll of paper. The following Latin distich is’ 
engraved under the cushion : 


ALO Judicio Pylium, genio Socratem, arte Maronem, 
7 Terra tegit, populus meret, Olympus habet. 


In addition to this Latin inscription, the following 
lines are found on a tablet immediately underneath. 
the cushion on his monument : 


dale in the year 1664, now remaining in the College of Arms 
~ © 35, fol. 20; a transcript of which Sir Isaac Heard, Garter 
Principal King at Arms, has obligingly transmitted to me. 

Among the ‘monuments in Tongue church, in the county of. 
Salop, is one erected in remembrance of Sir Thomas Stanley, 
Knight, who died, as l imagine, about the year 1600. In the 
Visitation-book it is thus described by Sir William Dugdale : 

“« On the north side of the chancell stands a very statelie tombe, . 
supported with Corinthian columnes. It hath two figures of 
men in armour, thereon lying, the one below the arches and 
columnes, and the other above them, and this epitaph upon it. 

“Thomas Stanley, Knight, second son of Edward Earle of 
Derby, Lord Stanley and Strange, descended from the famielie of 
the Stanleys, married Margaret Vernon, one of the daughters 
and co-heires of Sir George Vernon of Nether-Haddon, in the 
county of Derby, Knight, by whom he had issue two sons, 
Henry and Edward. Henry died an infant ; Edward survived, ‘to 
whom those lordships descended: and married the lady Lucie’ 
Percie, second daughter of the Earle of Northumberland :> by 
her he had issue seaven daughters. She.and her foure daughters, - 
Arabella, Marie, Alice, and Priscilla, are interred under a mo- 
nument in the church of Waltham in the county of Essex. 
Thomas, her son, died.in his infancy, and is buried in the parish 


_ 


- 
Saws | Peter 


we # «, 
Oe A ec mia 


. Bees see eI a ed oe inne 
ih isin s Ot fr APA pase or 
abi ham ai a 5 nel Cae Sn maton aid 

apis ids grater ai pas 


VAI POE Z oo ees tO en online pas ee 
3 | . 
J* Litre “hakigkioey 
Lhe e Aw~wv* fraae Zeewe axé< 5 A ak 4 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 


ee ‘ / 
g ‘ee ee A af 
Kt Wl) ADlA oF VCOUM Wie Y/, “a Zi - Lf} fed. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 509 


** Stay, passenger, why dost thou go so fast, 
* Read, if thou canst, whom envious death hath plac'd 
‘* Within this monument ; Shakspeare, with whom 
** Quick nature dy’d; whose name doth deck the tomb 
“* Far more than cost ; since all that he hath writ 
_ “ Leaves living art but page to serve his wit. 
** Obiit An°. Dni. 1619, zt. 53, die 23 Apri.” 
hehe (anne) atts LOT. ; fy sy les 
Mr. Granger observes, (Biog. Hist. vol. i. p. 259,) Gea ee 
that “ it has been said there never was an original #-2°=Z= 
portrait of Shakspeare, but that Sir Thomas Clarges <“ 27, 
after his death caused a portrait to be drawn for him 4” y foe / 
from a person who nearly resembled him.” This i es 


entnedian 
entertaining writer was a great collector of anec-“<~~ 
S ai Mee a 


- 
ro 


church of Winwich in the county of Lancaster. The other three, 
Petronilla, Frances, and Venesia, are yet living. 
“These following verses were made by Wirt1AM SHAKESPEARE, 
“the late famous tragedian : 
«* Written upon the east end of this tombe. 
«* Aske who lyes here, but do not weepe ; 
“He is not dead, he doth but sleepe. 
«This stony register is for his bones, 
“ His fame is more perpetual than these stones: ; 
** And his own goodness, with himself being gone, ~ 
** Shall live, when earthly monument is none.” 


“« Written upon the west end thereof. 


“* Not monumental stone preserves our fame, fools 

“‘ Nor skye-aspiring pyramids our name. fea A =a hes 
“« The memory of him for whom this stands, ape re 
“ Shall out-live marble, and defacers’ hands. a aay ame 
«* When all to time’s consumption shall be given, ae z st 


‘* Stanley, for whom this stands, shall stand in heaven.” 2277 Bion 
The last line of this epitaph, though the worst, bears very #=<y-- 
strong marks of the hand of Shakspeare. The beginning of the 


first line, ‘‘ Aske who lyes here,” reminds us of that which we 


—a 


510 THE LIFE OF 


dotes, but not always very’ scrupulous in’ enquiring 

into the authenticity of the information which he 

procured; for this improbable tale, I find on ex- 

amination, stands only on the insertion of an anony- 

mous writer in’ The Gentleman’s Magazine, for 

77, August [1750,/who boldly “affirmed it as an absolute 

fact;” but being afterwards publickly called upon 

Fun HE fuk to produce his authority, by the Rev. Mr. Green, 

<x Go £Z-Rector of Welford, near Stratford, never produced 

orca ‘any. There is the strongest reason therefore to 
OEE. presume it a forgery. 

Seepage « Mr. Walpole (adds Mr. Granger) informs me, 


Re A Ain X 


ay haere : that the only original picture of Shakspeare is that 
x15 7; @” which belonged to Mr. Keck, from whom it passed 
Be ee v to Mr. Nicoll, whose only daughter married the 
tle aa Marquis of Caernarvon” [now Duke of Chandos. ] . 


ff ep have been just examining: “ If any man ask who lies in this 
A. vents v Come tomb,” &c,—And in the fifth line we find a thought which our 
&~~< <5?" | poet has also introduced in King Henry VIII. : 


pe? fam 


es Anne le om «* Ever belov’d and loving may his rule be! 
ag + oe « And, when old tite shall lead him to his grave, 
| Serna ae “ Goodness and he fill up one monument !” 


= ++ This epitaph must ‘have been written after the year 1600, for 
a er a “<< Venetia Stanley, who afterwards was the wife of Sir Kenelm 
“=< Digby, was born in that year. With a view to ascertain its date 
‘= more precisely, the churches of Great and Little Waltham 
have been examined for the monument said to have been erected 
‘to Lady Lucy Stanley and her four daughters, but in vain; for 
“no trace of it remains: nor could the time of their respective 
~~ ath be ascertained, the registers of those parishes being lost.— 
om Sir William Dugdale was born in Warwickshire, was bred at the 
~< free-school of Coventry, and in the year 1625, purchased the 
-: manor of Blythe in that county, where he then settled and after- 
“3 % wards spent a great part of his life: so that his testimony respect- 
/ _ing this epitaph is sufficient to ascertain its authenticity. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 511 


From this picture, his Grace, at my request, very 
obligingly permitted a drawing to be made by that 
excellent artist Mr. Ozias Humphry ; and from. that 
drawing the print prefixed to the present edition: has 
been engraved. 

In the manuscript notes of the late Mr. Oldys, this 
portrait is said to have been “ painted by old. Cor 
nelius Jansen.” “ Others,” he adds, “ say, that» it 
was done by Richard Burbage, the player ;” and in 
another place he ascribes it to “ John: Taylor, the 

, player.” This. Taylor, it is said in. The Critical 

' Review for 1770, left it: by will to Sir~ William 

~D’Avenant. But unluckily there was no player of 
the christian and surname. of John Taylor contem- 
porary with Shakspeare. The player who performed 
in Shakspeare’s company was Joseph ‘Taylor... There 
was, however, a painter of the name of John Taylor, 
to whom in his early youth it is barely possible that 
we may have been indebted for the only original por- 
trait of our author; for:in the Picture-Gallery at 

_ Oxford are two portraits of Taylor) the: Water- 

; Poet, and on each of them,“ John Taylor. pinx. 

_ 1655.” There appears some resemblance of man- 
ner between these portraits and the. picture: of 
Shakspeare in the Duke of Chandos’s collection. 
That picture (I express the opinion of Sir Joshua 
Reynolds) has not the least air of Cornelius Jansen’s 
performances. 

That this picture was once in the possession of Sir 
William D’Avenant, can admit of little doubt; but 
it is much more likely to have been purchased by 
him from some of the players after the theatres were 
shut up by authority, and the veterans of the stage 


512 THE LIFE OF 


were reduced to great distress, than to have been 
bequeathed to him by the person who painted it;: in 
whose custody it is improbable. that it should have ' 
remained. Sir William D’Avenant appears to have 
died insolvent. There is no Will of his in the Pre- 
rogative-Office ; but administration of his effects was 
granted to John Otway, his principal creditor, in 
‘May 1668. After his death, Betterton the actor 
_ bought it, probably at a publick sale of his effects. 
While it was in Betterton’s possession, it was en- 
graved by Vandergucht, for Mr. Rowe’s edition of 
Shakspeare, in 1709. Betterton made no will, and 
died very indigent. He had a large collection of 
portraits of actors in crayons, which were bought at 
the sale of his goods, by Bullfinch the Printseller, who 
sold them to one Mr. Sykes. The portrait. of Shak- 
speare was. purchased by Mrs. Barry the actress, who 
sold it afterwards for forty guineas to Mr. Robert 
Keck. In 1719, .while it was in Mr. Keck’s ‘pos- 
session, an engraving was made from it by Vertue: a 
large half-sheet. Mr. Nicoll of Colney-Hatch, Mid- 
dlesex, marrying the heiress of the Keck family, this 
picture devolved to him; and while in his possession, 
it was, in 1747, engraved by Houbraken for Birch’s 
Illustrious Heads. By the marriage of the Duke of 
' Chandos with the daughter of Mr. Nicoll, it became 
his Grace’s property; and by the marriage of the 
) present Marquis of Buckingham with his Grace's 
daughter, Lady Anne Elizabeth Brydges, it now 
adorns the Marquis’s collection at Stowe. 
Sir Godfrey Kneller painted a picture of our 
author, which he presented to Dryden, but from what 
picture he copied, I am unable to ascertain, as I: have 


k 


his. 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 513 
never seen Kneller’s picture. The poet repaid him 
by an elegant copy of Verses.—See his Poems, vol. ii. 
p. 231, edit. 1743: 


© Shakspeare, thy gift, I place before my sight, 
“* With awe I ask his blessing as I write} 


‘* With reverence look on his majestick face, Ricecy 4 baw! 
“ Proud to be less, but of his godlike race. wien oes ff « 


«« His soul inspires me, while thy praise I write, 

And I like Teucer under Ajax fight : 

“ Bids thee, through me, be bold; with dauntless breast 
** Contemn the bad, and emulate the best: 

** Like his, thy criticks in the attempt are lost, 

** When most they rail, know then, they envy most.” 


It appears from a circumstance mentioned by 
Dryden, that these verses were written after the year 
1683: probably after Rymer’s book had appeared in 
1693. Dryden having made no will, and his wife 
Lady Elizabeth renouncing, administration was 
granted on the 10th of June, 1700, to his son 
Charles, who was drowned in the Thames near 
Windsor in 1704. His younger brother, Erasmus, 
succeeded to the title of Baronet, and died without 


issue in 1711. This picture is now in the possession. Z. /.: 
Lyles ba 


of Earl Fitzwilliam. 

~ About the year 1725 a mezzotinto of Shakspeare 
was scraped by Simon, said to be done from an 
original picture painted by Zoust or Soest, then in 
the possession of T. Wright, painter, in Covent 
Garden. The earliest known picture painted by Zoust 
in England, was done in 1657; so that if he ever 


painted a picture of Shakspeare, it must have been a 


copy. It could not, however, have been made from 
D’Avenant’s picture (unless, the painter took very 
VOL. II. ae eal 


a. THE LIFE OF 


great liberties), for the whole air, dress, disposition of 
the hair, &c. are different. I have seen a pic- 
ture in the possession of Douglas, Esq. at Ted- 
dington near Twickenham, which is, I believe, the 
very picture from which Simon’s mezzotinto was 
made. Itis on canvas (about 24 inches by 20), and 
somewhat smaller than the life. 

The earliest print of our poet that appeared, is 
that in the title-page of the first folio edition of his 
works, 1623, engraved by Martin Droeshout. On 
this print the following lines, addressed ‘to the reader, 
were written by Ben Jonson :. 


« This figure,that thou here seest put, 
* It was for gentle Shakspeare cut ; 
«¢ Wherein thegraver had a strife 


“Ctr Ht) wh [* With nature, to out-do the lifes th [pth fay 
2? Zc [p84] «O, could he but have drawn<his wit 
mgt jar eM ‘+ As well in brass, as he hath hit 
es ee: * His face,:! ithe | print would then surpass 
am init +o _“ All that was ever writ in brass; . 
Se eaves : OM ft 4 But,since he e cannot, ‘reader, look. 
sce i ona erie bi Not on his ] Picture, but his book.” 
Rthn 
= 


Droeshout engraved also the heads of John Fox 
the martyrologist, Montjoy Blount, son of Charles 
Blount Earl of Devonshire; William Fairfax, who 
\ fell at the siege of Frankendale in 1621, and John 
Howson, Bishop of Durham. The portrait of Bishop 
Howson is at Christ Church, Oxford. By comparing 
any of these prints (the two latter of which are well 
executed) with the original pictures from whence the 
engravings were made, a better judgment might be 
formed of the fidelity of our author’s portrait, as ex- 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 515 


hibited by this engraver, than from Jonson’s asser« 
tion, that “ in this figure 
—— the graver had a strife 
** With nature, to out-do the life ;” 

a compliment which in the books of that age was paid 
to so many engravers that nothing decisive can be 
inferred from it.—It does not appear from what pic- 
ture this engraving was made; but from the dress, and 
the singular disposition of the hair, &c. it undoubtedly 
was engraved from a picture, and probably a very 
ordinary one. There is no other way of accounting 
for the great difference between this print of 
Droeshout’s, and his spirited portraits of Fairfax and 
Bishop Howson, but by supposing that the picture of 
Shakspeare from which he copied was a very coarse 
performance. 

The next print in point of time is, according to 
Mr. Walpole and Mr. Granger, that executed by J. 
Payne, a scholar of Simon Pass, in 1684; with a 
Jaurel-branch in the poet’s left-hand. A print of 
Shakspeare by so excellent an engraver as Payne, 
would probably exhibit a more perfect representation 
of him than any other of those times; but I much 
doubt whether any such ever existed. Mr. Granger, 
I apprehend, has erroneously attributed to Payne the 
head done by Marshall in 1640 (apparently from 
Droeshout’s larger print), which is prefixed to a 
spurious edition of Shakspeare’s Poems published in 
that year. In Marshall’s print the poet has a laurel 
branch in his left hand. Neither Mr. Walpole, nor 
any of the other great collectors of prints, were pos- 

212 


516 THE LIFE OF 


sessed of, or ever saw, any print of Shakspeare by 
Payne, as far as I can learn. 

Two other prints only remain to be mentioned ; 
one engraved by Vertue in 1721, for Mr. Pope’s 
édition of our author’s plays in quarto; said to be 
engraved from an original picture in the possession 
of the Earl of Oxford’; and another, a mezzotinto, 
by Earlom, prefixed to an edition of King Lear, in 
1770; said to be done from an original by Cornelius 
Jansen, in the collection of Charles Jennens, Esq. _ 

- Most of the other prints of Shakspeare that have 
appeared, were copied from some or other of those 
which I have mentioned. 

By his will, which appears to have "Bat stiginally 
drawn up about two months before his death, Shak- 
speare left the bulk of his property to his eldest 
daughter, Susanna Hall. It is given at length in the 
Appendix, where whatever observations to. which, its 
“~provisions may give rise, will be found appended in 

the notes: one topick, however, it may be fit to ad: 
vert to here. It commences with a pious declaration 
of his religious principles, but affords not the slightest 
‘ countenance to a notion which has been started, of 
| \ Shakspeare being a Roman Catholick.- To this sup- 
position, I myself may have given some support by 
 « The portrait palmed upon Mr. Pope,” (I use the words of 
the late Mr. Oldys, in a MS. note to his copy of Langbaine,) 
“for an original of Shakspeare, from which he had _ his fine 
plate engraven, is evidently a juvenile portrait of King James'I.” 
I am no judge in these matters, but only deliver an opinion, 


which if ill-grounded may be easily overthrown. The portrait, to 
me at least, has no traits of Shakspeare, SrTeEevens, 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 517 


the publication some years ago, of a singular manu- 
script, purporting to be the confession of faith of John 
Shakspeare, whom I conjectured to have been either 
the father or brother of the poet ; but I am now con- 
vinced that I was altogether mistaken. I have * 
already, I trust, satisfactorily proved, p. 53, that he 
had no brother of the name of John, and I have as 
little doubt that the person by whom this paper was 
drawn up, was not his father®. That these opinions 
were not entertained by the poet himself, must be 
evident at once from a perusal of his works. The 
sentiments which we find him expressing in 
Henry VIII. and King John, could not have fallen 
from one who was friendly to the pretensions of the — 
| Papal See; and in Romeo and Juliet, we find him 
| speaking of evening mass, a mistake which could not, ez 
\ have occurred to a Roman Catholick. aoe, 
Gildon, without authority, I believe, says, that oun en 
author left behind him an estate of 300/. per ann.c , 
This was equal to at least 1000/. per ann. at this fl 
day; the relative value of money, the mode of living“ 4+~ 
in that age, the luxury and taxes of the present time, 


2 Mr. Malone has already expressed this opinion, in his Detec- 
tion of the Ireland forgery ; and has there mentioned, that he 
had obtained documents which clearly proved that this confession 
of faith could not have been the composition of any one of our 
poet's family. I have not been able to discover this documentary 
evidence, but I suppose it may have been connected with his 
discovery of John Shakspeare the shoemaker, whom he mentions 
in the commencement of this Life, and who has been hitherto 
confounded with the poet’s father. It is highly improbable, 
indeed, that the latter, who held the’situation of Bailiff of Strat~ 
ford, should have been a Roman Catholick, Boswe.u, 


518 THE LIFE OF | 


and various other circumstances, being considered. 
But I doubt whether all his property amounted to 
much more than 200/. per ann. which yet was a con- 
siderable fortune in those times. He appears from 
his grand-daughter’s will to have possessed, in Bish- 
opton, and Stratford Welcome, four yard land and a 
half. 4 yard land is a denomination well known in 
Warwickshire, and contains from thirty to sixty acres. 
The average therefore being forty-five, four yard land 
and a half may be estimated at about two hundred 
acres. As sixteen years purchase was the common 
rate at which the land was sold at that time, that is, 
one half less than at this day, we may suppose that 7 
these lands were let at seven shillings per acre, and 
produced 70/. per annum. If we rate the New- | 
Place with the appurtenances, and our poet’s other 
houses in Stratford, at 60/. a year, and his house, &e. 
in the Blackfriars (for which he paid 140/.° at 20/. - 
a year), we have a rent-roll of 150/. per annum. Of 
| his personal property it is not now possible to form 
gue any accurate estimate; but if we rate it at five hun- 
ees dred pounds, money then bearing an interest of ten 
fa o << per cent. Shakspeare’s total income was 200/. per ann. | 
Be oe. To Shakspeare’s income from his real and personal 
Va pee property must be added 200/. per ann. which he pro- 
bpp Pe bably derived from the theatre, while he continued 
Sty ON the stage. In The Merry Wives of Windsor, 
4 <2 a" -which was written soon after the year 1600, three 
| appa oh -hundred pounds a year is described as an estate of 


ve jein ach magnitude as to cover all the defects of its pos- 


by ia Oe 
i. “cg : Sessor : 
peas 


3 See Appendix, 


\ aa 


blr rong suman UOTOay LAy FRAP PE MY P POYLDT d. 


‘gglruruaapy uobrpufpys asoont uaplyy qo pundf, pun (ssaszos po cruvae pur’ nap oy) Jo msourg ours romney) 


MUMVD TIMOTD urs fe APG 4 poi <TAUAS’ peony» wv fp wb» if ur fuser 5 se 
a i ‘HOVIGd MAN. 


ti “ teppsey 


52Y Cred 200f o7, 


fl tae aot a al 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 519 


** O, what a world of yile ill-favour'd faults 
* Look handsome i in three hundred pounds a year.” 


ee As. 

The residence in which Shakepeare spent the 
latter part of his life, must from that circumstance be 
ever regarded with veneration. The following ac- 
count of it is given by Mr. Theobald; 

“In 1614 the greater part of the town of Strat- 
ford was consumed by fire; but our Shakspeare’s 
house, among some others, escaped the flames. This 
house was first built by Sir Hugh Clopton, a younger .. 2227 A= 
brother of an ancient family in that neighbourhood. 6 9 /“% 
Sir Hugh was Sheriff of London in the reign of 
Richard III. and Lord Mayor in the reign of King 
Henry VII. By his will he bequeathed to his elder 
brother’s son his manor of Clopton, &c. and his house, 
by the name of the Great House in Stratford. Good 
part of the estate is yet [in 1733] im the possession 
of Edward Clopton, Esq. and Sir Hugh Clopton, 
Knt. lineally amNesire from the elder brother of the 
first Sir Hugh. 

“The estate had now been sold out of the Clopton 
family for above a century, at the time when Shak- 
speare became the purchaser: who having repaired 
and modelled it to his own mind, changed the name 
to New-Place, which the mansion-house, since erected 
upon the same spot, at this day retains. ‘The house, 
and lands which attended it, continued in Shak- 
speare’s descendants to the time of the Restoration ; 
when they were re-purchased by the Clopton family, 
and the mansion now belongs to Sir Hugh Clopton, 
Knt. To the favour of this worthy gentleman I owe 
the knowledge of one particular in honour of our 


520 ‘THE LIFE OF — 


poet’s once dwelling house, of which I presume Mr. 
Rowe never was apprized. When the Civil War 
raged in England, and ‘King Charles the First’s 
Queen was driven by the necessity of her affairs to 
make a recess in Warwickshire, she kept her court for 
three weeks in New-Place. We may reasonably 
suppose it then the best private house in the town ; 
and her Majesty preferred it to the College, which 
was in the possession of the Combe family, who did 
not so strongly favour the King’s party.” : 
Mr. Theobald is mistaken in supposing that 
; Shakspeare changed the name of this estate. I 
im from ancient documents that it was called 
New Place as early at least as 1565. In other 
points he appears to have been in an error. From | 
his words, the reader may be led to suppose that — 
Henrietta Maria was obliged to take refuge from 
the rebels in Stratford-upon-Avon : but that was not 
the case. She marched from Newark, June 16, 
1643, and entered Stratford-upon-Avon triumphantly, - 
about the 22d of the same month, at the head of 
three thousand foot and fifteen hundred horse, with 
one hundred and fifty waggons and a train of ar- — 
tillery, Here she was met by Prince Rupert, accom- 
; panied by a large body of troops. After sojourning 
about three weeks at our poet’s house, which was then 
) possessed by his grand-daughter Mrs, Nash, and her 
husband, the Queen went (July 13) to the plain of 
. Keinton under Edge-hill, to meet the King, and pro- 
ceeded from thence with him to Oxford, where, says 
a contemporary historian, “ her eoming (July 15) was 
rather to a triumph than a war,” 


| 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 521. 


’ Of the College above-mentioned the following was: 
the origin, John de Stratford Bishop of Winchester, 
in the fifth year of ‘King Edward III: founded a 
Chantry consisting of five priests, one of whom was 
Warden, in a certain chapel adjoining to.the church 
of Stratford onthe south side ;' and afterwards (in the 
seventh year of Henry VIII.) Ralph Collingwode in- 
stituted four choristers, to be daily assistant in the 
celebration of ‘divine service there. This Chantry, 
says Dugdale, soon after its foundation, was known | 
by the name of The College of Stratford-upon-Avon. 

In the 26th year of Edward III. “a house of 
square stone” was built by Ralph de Stratford, 
Bishop of London, for the habitation of the five 
priests. This house, or another on the same spot, is 
the house of which Mr. Theobald speaks, uate still 
bears the name of “ The College.” 

After the suppression of religious houses, dia site 
of the college was granted by Edward VI. to John 
Earl of Warwick and his heirs; who being attainted 
in the first year of Queen Mary, it reverted to the 
crown. 

Sir John Clopton, Knt. (the father of Edward 
Clopton, Esq. and Sir Hugh Clopton), who died at 
Stratford-upon-Avon, in April, 1719, purchased the 
estate of New-place, &c. some time after the year 
1685, from Sir Reginald Forster, Bart. who married 
Mary the daughter of Edward Nash, Esq. cousin- 
german to Thomas Nash, Esq. who married our poet’s 
grand-daughter, Elizabeth Hall. Edward Nash 4. --.- 42 
bought it, after the death of her second husband, Bie ca oe 
John Barnard, Knight. By her will, which will be “+ - «<7 

3 


522 THE LIFE OF 


found in a subsequent page, she directed her trustee, 
Henry Smith, to sell the New-Place, &c. (after the 
death of her husband), and to make the first offer of 
‘it to her cousin, Edward Nash, who purchased it 
accordingly. His son, Thomas Nash, whom for the 
sake of distinction I shall call the younger, having 
died without issue, in August, 1652, Edward Nash, by 
his will, made on the 16th of March, 1678-9, devised 
the principal part of his property to his daughter 
Mary, and her husband Reginald Forster, Esq. after- 
wards Sir Reginald Forster; but in consequence of 
the testator’s only referring to a deed of settlement 
executed three days before, without reciting the sub- 
stance of it, no particular mention of New-Place is 
rmade in his will. After Sir John Clopton had 
| bought it from Sir Reginald Forster, he gave it by 
| deed to his younger son, Sir Hugh, who pulled down 
' our poet’s house, and built one more elegant on the 
\ same spot. 

In May, 1742, when Mr. Garrick, Mr. Macklin, 
and Mr. Delane visited Stratford, they were hospi- 
tably entertained under Shakspeare’s mulberry-tree, 
by Sir Hugh Clopton. He was a barrister at law, 
was knighted by George the First, and died in the 
80th year of his age, in Dec. 1751. His nephew, 
Edward Clopton, the son of his elder brother Ed- 
ward, lived till June, 1753. 

The New Place was sold by Henry Talbot, Esq. 
son-in-law and executor of Sir Hugh Clopton, in or 
soon after the year 1752, to the Rev. Mr. Gastrell, 


aman of large fortune, who resided in it but a few - 


years, in consequence of a disagreement with the 
7 


an. Pa ee a Ek v Char, poe SoU. a Bees +3 Z 

Aer mn Loot, ttenet Lands Men L500 Lec Bid cex 

o: Kant Bare Lhe fa-fang g Where Juke — 

00S “ene Fee ck Foe a Perego oe eres ee 

foo BA fevnan br 1790 Ly harmon Chm? ( i SEBEL EE iy oF acne 
herd ep fa 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. §23-~- | Se 4 ee 


Se 


inhabitants of Stratford. Every house in that town 2 Le FS 


be 


assessed by the overseers, , according to. its wronth and of wb wtacad 


cua PL cove me 
the ability of the occupier, to pay a monthly sae ie ne 


9 alan? Conn 


toward the maintenance of the poor. As Mr. Gas~’* bBo tfc Sfne > 
trell resided part of the year at Lichfield, he thought=," ‘* ae Bo ppp 


he was assessed too highly; but being very properly ‘ Ma Gfanee won 28 
compelled by the magistrates of Stratford to pay the 377.2. 24°02 


oe cee 


whole of what was levied on him, on the principle. pr eee 


Pall aS Coane” 


that his house was occupied by his servants in his/,/* saad Sich 


Maa € Fart 


absence, he peevishly declared, that that house<~-<-~? “°2- 
should never be assessed again; and soon afterwards“ Spot oe 


Ps 72. 


pulled it down, sold the materials, and left the town. S Lie re 
Wishing, as it should seem, to be “damn’d to evers = ae. MBS 
lasting fame,” he had some time before cut. oun ~ "eae sas 


an Putte fnew! 


Shakspeare’s celebrated mulberry-tree, to save hime (2100402725 


ears ent wept 


self the trouble of showing it to those whose ade<<; - a ee ede 
miration of our great poet led them to visit the poetick 7. 


KE efi din bait ($2, a eed AGO ae ‘yo ee 
ground on which it stood. “7 77 pga LATION LT ond ae 


f - nie ms That Shakspeare planted this tree, is as well4——. 23“) 
uthenticated as any thing of that nature can be. Sy. fa z. 
The Rev. Mr. Davenport informed. me, that Mr. ~~ pr 
Hugh Taylor (the father of his clerk,) who was then = oe + Luo 


[1790] eighty-five years old, and an alderman of =o 


Warwick, told him that he lived when a boy at“.~ ees y 
the next house to New-Place; that his family. had “-7~*** (aie 


Jp 5IeS Pic “pt 


inhabited the house for almost three hundred years 3 <2 2’ ~:735 
that it was transmitted from father to son during the < yy ts ~s 


Sic atl aenae 
last and the present century; that this tree (of the “ : 2 
fruit of which he had often eaten in his younger days, «“—~ at re 


we hal ae 


some of its branches hanging over his father’s gar-~ ween Gane, ae 3 


; $ A ae Ku lte (ji Vi 
SM fle wee Cee yy AK ar fe <ie Kony 
Pt ye nO ee fe ey KL ey ety he >: 
wed Bow ws ent @ Fa et eS Pe RE a a a” SAP LB 
got OF 8 tte Mee eee i eae ge © wt? PEAS 
Chen of. Sb ibaa ay Jelen eft Chim hee 
* 4 . é S702 Aan nt en - 
2 watann Soft > 2 - 
© 64 Lk Cy SSK fut nD Acer ayes Laer thin Rahn ner 


Me er ae OS PU is Speen > - 
© < Pa Met 2 a OS 


524 THE LIFE OF 


den) was planted by Shakspeare; and that till this 

was planted, there was no mublberry-tree in that 

760 neighbourhood. Mr, Taylor adds, that he was fre- 

s “AS quently when a boy at New-Place, and that. this. 

o & tradition was preserved in the Clopton family, as well 
“Zi— as in his own, 

There were scarce any trees of this species in Eng- 
land till the year 1609, when by order of King 
James many hundred thousand young mulberry- 
trees were imported from France, and sent into the 
different counties with a view to the feeding of silk. 
worms, and the encouragement of the silk manu- 

, facture. See Camdeni Annales ab anno 1603 ad 

| annum 1623, published by Smith, quarto, 1691, p. 7; 

\ and Howes’s Abridgment of Stowe’s Chronicle, edit. 
1618, p. 503, where we have a more particular ac- 
count of this transaction than in the larger work. 
A very few mulberry-trees had been planted. before ; 
for we are told, that in the preceding year a gentle- 
man of Picardy, Monsieur Forest, “ kept greate store 
of English silkworms at Greenwich, the which the 
king with great pleasure came often to.see them 
worke ; and of their silke he caused a piece of taffeta 
to be made.” 

Shakspeare was perhaps the only inhabitant of 
Stratford, whose business called him annually to 
London; and probably on his return from thence in 
the spring of the year 1609, he planted this tree. 

As a similar enthusiasm to that which with such 
diligence has sought after Virgil’s tomb, may lead my 
countrymen to visit the spot where our great bard _ 


ital 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 525 


spent several years of his life and died; every 
Englishman will, I am sure, concur with me in 
wishing that it may enjoy perpetual verdure and 
fertility. 


«« In this retreat our Shakspeare’s godlike mind 
“* With matchless skill survey'd all human kind. 
«« Here may each sweet that blest Arabia knows, 
“* Flowers of all hue, and without thorn the rose, 
«« To latest time, their balmy odours fling, 

« And Nature here display eternal spring!” 


we Beane, 


* a 5 
sf 4 

« i 

= ‘ 

ts 


aun 


> 
' 


. Particulars relating to the Wool-Trade at Stratford. 
. Particulars relating to the Lucy Family. 

. Grant of Free Warren to William Compton. 

. Grant of Fulbroke to Francis Englefyld. 


CONTENTS TO APPENDIX. 


—>—- 
John Shakspeare’s Bill of Complaint against John “2, y'e~—Z.--> 
Lambert. ya a fetta ls 
John Lambert's Answer to John Shakspeare’s Bill of / Ai WA epee 
Complaint. ‘ae 
. John Shakspeare's Replication. 
. Robert Arden’s Will, and Inventory.—o@ © 4e> fe) 0m 


. Grant of Arms to John Shakspeare. 

. Grants to Robert Arden. 

. Genealogical Table of Robert Arden./ * dealt oo Can 
. List of Bailifis at Stratford. ee 

. Incorporation of Stratford. 

. Inventory of Property belonging to the Borough of Strat- 


ford. 


16. Letters mingled with Latin. 


. Complete Copy of the Verses on Sir Thomas Lucy. 


19. Letters relating to Stratford. 


. Anecdotes of Sir Walter Ralegh. 


wot, 18 2M 


2 
i SAE AS 
se os 3 " 
a 3 j 
. ~ 4 - . 
i« ” be _s 


aten. ishs? 


e 


APPENDIX. 


No. L. 


24 Nov. 1597. Powley. 
To the right honable S* Thomas Egerton Knighte 
Lorde Keper of the greate seale of Englande. 


IN most humblewise complayninge sheweth unto your 
good Lordshipp your dailye orators, John Shakespere of 
Stratford upon Avon in the county of Warwicke and 
Mary his wief, That whereas your same orators were 
lawfully seized in theire demesne as of fee as in the ryghte 
of the saide Mary, of andin one messuage and one yarde 
lande with thappurtenaunes lyinge and beinge in Wyl- 
necote in the saide county, And they beinge thereof so 


“seised for and in consideracdn of the some of fowerty 


pounds to them by one Edmounde Lamberte of Barton 
on the Heath in the saide countie payde your sayde orators” 
were content that the saide Edmounde Lamberte should 
have and enjoye the same premisses untill such tyme as 
your sayde orators did repaye unto him the saide some of 
fowertie pounds; By reason whereof the saide Edmounde 
did enter into the premisses, and did enjoye the same for 
the space of three or fower yeares, and thissues and 
profytts thereof did receyve and take. After which your 
saide orators did tender unto the saide Edmounde the 
sayde sdme of fowertie pounds, and desired that they 
mighte have agayne the sayd premisses accordinge to 
theire agreement, which money he the sayde Edmounde 
then refused to receyve, sayinge that he would not receyve 
the same, nor suffer your sayd orators to have the saide 
premisses agayne, unlesse they woulde paye unto him 
certayne other money which they did owe unto him 


—_— er —_——. 


532 APPENDIX. 


for other matters: All which not withstandinge now so 

“yt is and yt maye please your good Lo’? that shortelie after 

the tendringe of the sayde fowertie pounds to the saide 

Edmounde, and the desyre of your sayde orators to have 

theire lande agayne from him, he the saide Edmounde at 
yee 6) Barton aforesayde dyed; after whose deathe one John 
~~" Lamberte as sonne and heire of the saide Edmounde 
entred into the same premisses, and occupied the same: 
after which entrie of the sayde John your sayde orators 
came to him and tendred the saide money unto him, and 
likewise requested him that he woulde suffer them to have 
and enjoye the sayde premisses accordinge to theire righte 
and tytle therein, and the promise of his saide father to 
your saide orators made, which he the saide John denyed 
in all things, and did withstande them for entringe into 
the premisses, and as yet doeth so continew still; And 
by reason that certaine deeds and other evydences con- 
cerninge the premisses and that of righte belonge to your 
saide orators are comme to the hands and possession of 
the sayde John, he wrongfully still keepeth and detayneth 
the possession of the saide premisses from your saide 
orators, and will in no wise permytt and suffer them to 
have and enjoye the sayde premisses accordinge to theire 
righte in and to the same. And he the saide John Lam- 
berte hathe of late made sondrie secreate estates of the 
premisses to dyvers persons to your saide orators. un- 
knowen, whereby your saide orators cannot tell againste 
whome to bringe their accdns at the comen lawe, for the 
recovery of the premisses. In tender consideracén 
whereof, and for so muche as your saide orators knowe 
not the certaine date nor contents of the saide wrytings, 
nor whether the same be contayned in bagge, boxe, or 
cheste, sealed, locked or noe, and therefore have no 
remedye to recover the same evydencs and wrytings by 
the due course of the cémen laws of this realme; and for 
that also by reasone of the saide secreate estates so made 
by the saide John Lamberte as afcarenity and want of 


APPENDIX. 533 


your saide orators havinge of the evidencs and wrytings 
as aforesaide, your saide orators cannot tell what accons 
or agaynst whome or in what manner to bring theire 
accén for the recovery of the premisses at the comen 
lawe: And for that also the sayde John Lamberte ys of 
greate wealth and abilitie and well frended and alied_ 
amongest gentlemen and freeholders of the countrey i in 
the saide countie of Warwicke, where he dwelleth, and 
your saide orators are of small wealthe and verey fewe 
frends and alyance in the saide countie, may yt therefore 
please your good Lo??* to graunt unto your saide orators 
the Queenes Ma‘ most gracyous writte of Subpcena to 
be directed to the saide John Lamberte comandinge him 
thereby at a certaine daie and under a certaine payne 
therein to be lymytted personally to appeare before your 
good Lorr in her ma‘ highnes corte of Chauncerie, then 
and there to answer the premisses, and further to stande 
to and abyde suche order and direction therein as to your 
good Lo?? shall seeme best to stande with righte, equitie 
and good conscyence. And your sayde orators shall 
daylie praye to God for the prosperous healthe of your 
good Lor with increase of honor long to contynewe. 
J. Stone. 


No. II. 
Juratus coram me Thoma Legge, 24 November, 1597. 


The Answeare of John Lamberte defendte to the Byll of 
Compite of John Shakspeere and Mary his wief, 
Complts. 


The said defendte (savinge to lim selfe both nowe and 
at all tymes hereafter all advantage of excepcon to the 
uncertentie and insufficiencie of the said Complts byll, 
and also savinge to this defendte suche advantage as by 
the order of this honorable courte he shalbe adjudged to 
have for that the like byll in effecte conteyninge the selfe 


534 APPENDIX. 


same matter hath byne heretofore exhibited imto this 
honorable courte againste this defendte, wherunto this — 
defendte hath made a full and direct answeare, wherin 
the said complte hath not proceeded to hearinge,) for a 
seconde full and directe answeare unto the said Complts 
byll, sayeth, That true yt is (as this defendte verylie 
thinkethe) that the said complts were or one of them — 
was lawfully seized in theire or one of theire demeasne — 
as ‘of fee of and in one messuage and one yearde and 
fower acres of lande with thappurtenaunes lyeinge and 
beinge i in Wylmecott in the parishe of Aston Cauntlowe 
in the countie of Warwicke, and that they or one of 
them soe beinge thereof seized, the said complte John 
Shakspeere” by indenture beringe date uppon or aboute 
~ the fowertenth daie of November in the twenteth yeare 
4.“ of the raigne of our sovereigne lady the Queenes Mat** 472. 
ann ar’ that now ys, for and in consideracon of the some of 
oo. Zo... fortie pounds of lawfull English monney unto the said 
complte paide by Edmunde Lamberte this defendts 
father in the said byll named, did give, graunte, bargaine, 
and sell the said messuage and one yearde and fower 
acres of lande with theappurtenauncs unto the said 
Edmunde Lamberte and his heires and assignes; to have 
and to holde the said messuage one yearde and fower 
acres of lande with thappurtenauncs unto the saide 
Edmunde Lamberte his heires and assignes for ever. In 
which indenture there is a condicdnall proviso conteyned 
that if the said complte did paye unto the said Edmunde 
Lamberte the siime of fortie pownds uppon the feast of 
S. Michell tharchangell which shoulde be in the yeare of 
our Lorde God one thousande fyve hundred and eightie 77¢ 
at the dwellinge house of the said Edmunde Lamberte in 
Barton on the heath in the said countie of Warwicke, 
~that then the said graunte bargaine and sale and all the 
covenaunts, graunts and agreements therein conteyned 
shoulde cease and be voyde; As by the said Indenture 
wherunto this defendte for his better certentie doth 


raed 


‘APPENDIX. 585 


referre him selfe maye appeare. And afterwards the 
saide Complte John Shakspeere by his deede pole and 
liverie theruppon made did infeoffe the said Edmunde 
Lamberte of the said premisses, to have and to holde 
unto him the said Edmunde Lamberte and his heires for 
ever. After all which in the terme of Ester in the one ¢.c .4-< 4 
and twenteth yeare of the Queenes Ma.'* raigne that tee 
nowe ys, the said compltes in due forme of lawe did G:C 
levye a fyne of the said messuage and yearde lande and ~~~ 4-* 
other the premisses before the Queenes Ma‘ Justics of “7°° "77 
the comon plees at Westm* unto the saide Edmunde 
Lamberte and his heires sur conuzance de droyt as that 
which the said Edmunde had of the gifte of the said 
John Shakspeere; as by the said pole deede and the 
chirdégraphe of the said fine wherunto this defendte for 
his better certentie referreth him selfe yt doth and maye 
appeare. And this defendte further sayeth that the said 
complte did not tender or paye the said sime of fortie 
pownds unto the said Edmunde Lamberte this defendts 
father uppon the said feaste daye which was in the yeare 
of our Lord God one thowsande fyve hundred and 
eightie, according to the said provisoe in the said In- 
denture expressed: By reason whereof this defendts 
said father was lawfully and absolutely seized of the 
said premisses in his demeasne as of fee; and aboute 
clenees Vere last_paste thereof dyed seized. By and 
~after whose decease the said messuage and premisses 
with thappurtenauncs descended and came as of righte 
the same oughte to descende and come unto this defendte 
as sonne and next heire of the said Edmunde. By 
vertue whereof this defendte was and yet is of the said 
messuage, yearde lande, and premisses, lawfully seized 
in his demeasne as of fee; which this defendte hopeth he 
oughte both by lawe and equitie to enjoye accordinge to 
his lawfull righte and tytle therin. And this defendte 
further sayeth that the said messuage yearde lande and 
other the said premisses or the moste parte thereof have, 


536 APPENDIX. 


ever sythence the purches therof by this defendts father,’ 
byne in lease by the demise of the said complte. And 
the lease therof beinge nowe somewhat nere expyred, 

wherby a greater value is to be yearly raised therby, 
they the said complts doe nowe trouble and moleste this 
defeidte by unjuste sute in lawe, thinkinge therby (as 
yt shoulde seme) to wringe from kim this defendte some 
further recompence for 'the said premisses then they have 
alreddy received; Without that that yt was agreed that 
the said Edmunde Lamberte shoulde have and enjoye the 
said premisses in anie other manner & forme (to the 
knowledge of this defendte) then this defendte hath in 
his ‘said answeare heretofore expressed. And without 
that that anie deeds or evidencs concerninge the pre- 
misses, that of righte belonge to the said complts, are’ 
come to the hands and possession of this defendte ; as 
in the sayd byll is untruly supposed: And without that 
that anie other matter cause or thinge in the said complts 
byll conteyned materiall or effectual in the lawe to be 
answeared unto, towchinge or concerninge him this 
defendte, and herein before not answeared unto, con- 
fessed & avoyded traversed or denied, is true, to this 
defendts knowledge or remembrance, in suche manner & 
forme as in the said byll the same is sett downe and 
declared. All which matters this defendte is reddy to 
averre & prove as this honorable courte shall awarde. 
And prayeth to be dismissed ther hence with his rea- 
sonable coste and chargs in this wrongfull sute by him 
unjustly susteyned. OvERBURY. 


No. Il. 
Powle. 
’ The Replicacén of John Shakespere and Mary his wief, 
Pient to the Answere of John Lamberte Defend. ) 
The said -complaynts for replicacon to the answere of 
the said deft saie that théire bill of complaynt ys certayne 


APPENDIX. . 537 


and sufficient in the lawe to be answered: which said — 
bill and matters therein contayned these comp will 
avowe verifie and justifie to be true and sufficient in 
the lawe to be answered unto, in such sorte manner and 
forme as the same be sett forthe and declared in the said 
bill; And further they saie that thanswere of the said 
defendendte is untrue and insufficient in lawe to be re- 
plied unto, for many apparent causes in the same ap- 
pearange, thadvantage whereof these Comp." praie may 
be to theym nowe and at all times saved. Then and not 
ells for further replicacon to the said ‘answere they saie, 
that accordinge to the condicon or proviso mencoed in 
the said Indenture of bargaine and sale of the premisses 


~mencoed in the said bill of complaynt, he this comp.'t 


John Shakspere did come to the dwelling house of the 
said Edmunde Lamberte in Barton uppon the Heath 
uppon the feast daie of St. Michaell tharcheangell which 
was in the yeare of our Lorde God one thousand fyve 
hundred and eightie', and then and there tendered to 
paie unto him the said Edmunde Lamberte the said fortie 
pounds, which he was to paie for the redempcon of the 
said premisses, which some the said Edmunde did refuse 
to receyve, sayinge that he owed him other money, and 
unles that he the said John would paie him altogether as 
well the said fortie pounds as the other money which he 
owed him over and above, he would not receyve the said 
fortie pounds, and immediatlie after he the said Edmunde 
dyed ®, and by reason thereof he the said def*. entered 
into the said premisses and wrongfullie kepeth and de- 
tayneth the said premisses from him the said comp" 
Without that, that any other matter or thinge materiall 
or effectuall for these comp" to replie unto and not herein 
sufficientlie confessed and avoyded denyed and traversed 
all which matters and things this complaynants are redie 
to avere and prove as this honorable co't will awarde. 


* Eight. in orig. 
2 E. L. died in 1586, according to the account of his son John. 


538 APPENDIX. 


And praie -as before in oe said bill they have 
praied. J. Srone. 


No. IV. 
“In the name of God, Amen, the xxiiij daye of 


“ht.>+--¢> November in the yeare of our lord God 1556, in the third 
7 *— —— and the forthe yeare of the raygne of our soveraigne 


Lord and lady, Phylipe and Mary, kyng and quene, &c. 
I Robert Ardén of Wylmcote in the paryche of Aston 
Cauntlow, secke in bodye and good and perfitt of remem- 
berance, make this my last will and testament, in manner 
and forme folowynge. 

« Fyrst, | bequethe my solle to allmyghty God and to our 
blessed laydye se sent Marye, and to all the holye companye 
of heven, and my bedye to be beryde in the church yarde 
of Seynt Jhon the baptyst in Aston aforsayde. 

“ Also I geve and bequeth to my youngste dowghter 
Marye all my lande in Willmecote, cawlide Asbyes & the 
crop upon the ground sowne and tyllede as hit is. And 
vili. xiijs. ilijd. of money to be payde ovr ere my goodes 
be devydede. Also I gyve & bequethe to my daughter 
Ales the thyrde parte of all my goodes moveable & 


Le? wth h * “unmoveable in fylde and town, after my detts and leggeses 
otewse etn be performyde, besydes that goode she hath of her owne 


att this tyme. Also 1 gyve and bequethe to Agnes my 
wife vidi. xiijs. iiijd. upon this condysione, that [she] shall 
sofer my daughter Alice quyetlye to ynyoye halfe my 
copye hould in Wylmcote duryng the tyme of hir wyddowe- 
whodde: and if she will nott soffer my daughter Ales 
quyetlye to occupye halfe with her, then I will that my 
wyfe shall have but iijd. vis. viijd. & her ginture in 


gs cag Snytherfyelde. [ 26: « va kateb] 

A f— “= “Item, I will that the resdew of all my goodes move- 

ee a “277 able & unmov eable, my funeralles & my dettes dys- 

Se tt % chargyde I gyve and bequethe to my other children to be 

 migoen +--~_£ equallye devydide amongeste them by the descrysyon of 


fatness f Fi Adam Palmer Hugh Porter of Snytterfyld & Jhon Sher- 


APPENDIX. 539 


lett, whom I do orden & make my overseres of this my 
last will & testament, & they to have for ther peynes 
taking in this behalfe xxs. apese. Allso I ordin & con- 
stytute & make my full executores Ales & Marye my 
daughteres of this my last will & testament, and they to 
have no more for ther peynes takyng nar as afore geven 
them. Also 1 gyve & bequethe to every house that hath 
no teme in the parish of Aston to every howse iiijd. 

“ Thes beyng wyttnesses, 

“ Wylliam Bowton, Curatt. 
«“ Adam Palmer. 

« Jhon Sherlett 

“ Thomas Jhenkes 

“ William Pytt 

“ with other more 

« Probat fuit &c. Wigorn. &c. xviicd. die mensis 
Decembris anno dni 1556.” 

The Will of Agnes Arden, the widow of Robert Arden, 
was proved at Worcester, March 31, 1584. The precise 
date I am unable exactly to ascertain, as that part of the 
“paper which contained it has been worn away by time ; 
but it was made in the 21st year of Queen Elizabeth 
(1579); and it appears from the Register of Aston Cantlow, 
as I have already mentioned, that she was buried there 
Dec’. 29, 1580. From her will, I learn that she did suffer 
her daughter Alice quietly to enjoy the moiety of the 
copyhold mentioned by her husband, for she devises to 
J" Hill her part or moiety of the neat crop in the fields, 


paying the Lord’s rent. It appears that John_Hill and #. <¢ £274 


John Fulwood had married two of the sisters of Ma 


EG TEs 


Shakspeare. To each of the children of John Hill and 47%. in oe 
John Fulwood she gives a sheep; to the poor of Aston Sz 


Cantlow ten shillings; to Avery Fulwood two sheep;, _.. 


cone hte 
to Richard Petifer one sheep ; to John Page and his wife 7 “~“7 ““*"* 


(who perhaps was also her daughter), vis. viiid.; to Joan 

Lambard, xiid.; to John Hill her best platter of the best 

sort and her best platter of the second sort; one porringer, 
3 


540 APPENDIX. 


one saucer, and one candlestick ; two pair of sheets, her 
second pot, and best pan; to her son-in-law, John Fulwood, 
all the rest of her household stuff; and one brown steer 
two years old ; to each of her brother Alexander Webbe’s 
children, twelve-pence. She makes John Fulwood and 
John Hill her executors and residuary legatees, in trust 
for their children; and Adam Palmer and George Gibbs 
overseers of her will, which is witnessed by Thomas 
Edkins, Richard Petifer, “ with others.” 

“The Inventorye of the goodes moveable & unmove- 
able of Robert Ardennes of Wylmcote late dessesid made 
the ix'® daye of Decemb’ in the thyrde & the fourthe 
yeare of the raygne of our soveraygne lord and ladye 
Phylipe & Marye king & quene, &c. 1556. 

“ Imprimis, in the halle ij table bordes, iij choyeres, 
ij formes, one cobbourde, . ij coshenes, iij benches & one 
lytle table with shelves, presede att vilis. 

“ Tb. ij peyntide clothes in the hall & v peynted clothes 
in the chamber, vij peire of shettes, ij cofferes one which 
presede at xviiijs. 

« Ib. v borde clothes, ij Toweles & one dyeper towell, 
presed att vis. viijd. 

“ Ib. one fether bedde, ij mattereses, vijj canvases, one 


coverlett, iij bosteres, one pilowe, iiij :peyntide clothes,’ 


one whyche presed att XXVjs. viijd. 
“Ib. in the kechen iiij panes, iiij potts, iij candell 


stykes, one bason, one chafyng dyche, ii cathernes — 


{caldrons], ij shelletts, one frying pane, a gredyerene & 
pott hangynges with hookes, presed att ljs. viijd. 

* Ib. one broche, a paire of cobbardes, one axe, a bill, 
iiij nagares [augres] ij hatchetts, an ades, a mattock, 
ayren crowe, one fat, iiij barrelles, iiij payles, a gyrne, a 
knedynge trogh, along seve, a hand saw, presed at xxs. ijd. 

“ Tb. viij oxen, ij bollokes, vij kyne, iiij weynyng caves, 
xxilijli. } 

“ Tb. iijj horses, iij colts presed att vijj/z. 

“ Tb. Ito [52] shepe presed att vij/t. 


APPENDIX. 541 


% wg the whate in the barnes, & the barley, presed att 
xviijli, 

“ Tb. the heye & the pease, ottes & the strawe, presed 
att ijl, vis. viijd. 

“ Tb. ix swyne presed att xxvis. viijd. 

“Ib. the bees & powltrye presed att vs. 

“ Tb. carte & carte geres, & plogh & plogh geres with 
harrowes, presed att xii. 
_ “Ib, the wodd in the yarde, & the batten in the roffe, 
presed att, xxxs. 


ry Sum totalis, Leal xjs. xd, fg 77H (3/3 
pt ary eT a 
No. V. 


“ To all & singuler noble & gentilmen of what estate or 1. 409. res: 4 
degree bearing arms to whom these psents shall come 
Willm Dethick als Garter principal king of arms sendeth 
greetings. Know yee that whereas by the authoritie pri- 
vilege & custome pertaining to my said office of principal 
king of arms from the Quenes most exc. ma‘ and her 
highnes most noble & verteous progenitors I am to take 
general notice and to make publique demonstracon & 
testimonie of all causes of arms & matters of gentrie 
through out all her ma“* kingdomes and dominions, princi- 
paletes, isles, & provinces To thend that As some by 
there auncyent names families kindreds & descents have 
& enjoy sunderie enseignes & [cotes] of arms, so other for 
there valiant feats magnanimitie vertue degnites & desserts 
maye have such marks & tokens of honor & worthinesse, 
whereby there name & good fame shal be [known] & 
divulged and there children & posteritie in all vertue & 
service of there prynce & contrie [encouraged] Being 
therfore solicited & by credible report informed that John 
Shakespeare of Stratford upon Avon in the countie of , “fee “aptaepy 


parent and late 


Warwick, whose . antecessors were for there valeant & +... 7%?- I, 
faithfull services advaunced & rewarded of the most 


&. frecteloO$ oot 


542 APPENDIX. 


prudent prince king Henry the Seventh of famous 
memorie, sithence whiche time they have continewed at 
those parts in good reputation & credit ; [and that the said 
John having maryed Mary, daughter and one of the heyres of Robert 
Arden of Wilmecote, in the same countie, gent-] In consideration 
whereof and for encouragement of his posteretie I have 
therefore assigned graunted and by these have confirmed 
this shield or cote of arms, viz Gould, on a bend sable & 
a Speare of the first, the point steeled, proper; and his. 
crest or cognizance, a faulcon, his wings displayd, argent 
standing on a wrethe of his coullors supporting a speare 
gould steele as aforesaid, sett uppon a helmet with man- 
tells & tassells as hath been accustomed & more playnly 
appereth depicted in this margent &c &c 3 

“At the office of Arms London the xx daye of 
october’in the xxxix™ yeare of the raigne of our Sove- 
raigne Lady Elizabeth &c A° 1596.” 

“ The xxxix™ year,” &e. is a mistake ; it should be the 
xxxvili year: for the 20th of October, 1596, was in the 
38th of Elizabeth. And so it stands in the other draft. 

In the copy numbered 24, in the passage with which 
we are principally concerned, an interlineation directs us 
instead of—* whose parents and late antecessors for 
their faithful and valiant services,” &c. to read—“ whose 
grandfather for his faithful and valiant services,” &c. 

The following grant made in 1599, is found in a book 


’ marked R 21 (formerly G. 13) p. 347. 


“ To all and singuler noble and gentlemen of all estats 
and degrees, bearing arms, to whom these presents shall 
come, William Dethick, Garter, Principall King of Arms 
of England, fand William Camden, alias Clarencieuix, 
King of Arms for the south, east, and west parts of this 
realme,/sendethe greeting. Know ye, that in all nations 
and kingdoms the record and remembraunce of the 
valeant facts and vertuous dispositions of worthie men 
have been made knowne and divulged by certeyne shields 


3 No mention of impaling these arms with those of Arden. 


e 


— 


(from theyre said mother by the auncyent custome and 


APPENDIX. 543 


of arms and tokens of chevalrie; the grant and testimonie 
whereof apperteyneth unto us, by vertue of our offices 
from the Quenes most Exc. Majestie, and her Highenes 
most noble and victorious progenitors: wherefore being 
solicited, and by credible report informed, that John 
Shakspeare, now of Stratford upon Avon, in the counte 
of Warwick, gent. whose parent and great grandfather, 
late antecessor, for his faithefull and approved service to 
the late most prudent prince, king Henry VII. of famous 
memorie, was advaunced and rewarded with lands and 
tenements, geven to him in those parts of Warwickshere, 
where they have continwed by some descents in good 
reputacion and credit ; and for that the said John Shak- 
speare having maryed the daughter and one of the heyrs 
of Robert Arden of Wellingcote, in the said countie,fand 
also produced this his auncient cote of arms, heretofore 


- 


nbn taht tke 


assigned to him whilest he was her Majesties officer and Tog eT ey 


baylefe of that towne); In consideration of the premisses, 


and for the encouragement of his posteritte, unto whom 


OO we eww taor” 
———— 


suche blazon of arms and achevements of inheritance%, 22.2% - 


lawes of arms, maye lawfully descend; We the said 
Garter and Clarencieux have assigned, graunted, and by 
these presents exemplefied unto the said John Shak- 
speare, and to his posteritie, that shield and cote of arms, 
viz. In a field of gould upon a bend sables a speare of the 
first, the poynt upward, hedded argent; and for his crest 
or cognisance, A falcon with his wyngs displayed, stand- 
ing on a wrethe of his coullers, supporting a speare 
armed hedded, or steeled sylver, fyxed uppon a helmet 
with mantel! and tassells, as more playnely maye appeare 
depected on this margent ; and we have likewise uppon 
on other escucheon impaled the same with the auncyent 
arms of the said Arden of Wellingcote ; signifieng therby, 
that it maye and sbalbe lawfull for the said John Shak- 
speare, gent. to beare and use the same shield of arms, 
Single or impaled, as aforsaid, dvring his naturall lyffe ; 
and that it shalbe lawfull for his children, yssue, and pos- 


Ke orm of hoe 


fare a thie OD 


A Cn Beme. 


Sw nce 
an 8. dn. 27 an 


| EY shes 
2 re) 
Br gf tena ww 
Bank Set— ben 
|: POS AN 


awe 
e A awit Bae 
a 


723: 


a APPENDIX. 


teryte, (lawfully begotten) to beare, use, and quarter, and 
show forth the same, with theyre dewe differences, in all 
lawfull warlyke facts and civile use or exercises, accord- 
ing to the lawes of arms, and custome that to gentlemen 
belongethe, without let or interuption of any person or 
persons, for use or bearing the same. In wyttnesse and 
testemonye whereof we have subscrebed our names, and 
fastened the seals of our offices, geven at the Office of 
Arms, London, the* day of in the xlii yere 
of the reigne of our most gratious Sovraigne lady Eliza- 
beth, by the grace of God, quene of Ingland, France, and 


Ireland, defender of the faith, &c. 1599.” 


In this grant it appears that the words which I have 
had occasion so particularly to consider, stood originally 
« whose parent and antecessor,” for which were next sub- 
stituted “ whose parent and /ate antecessor ; ” and after- 
wards, “whose great grandfather” was adopted. Ac- 
cordingly, Mr. Anstis, when he copied this instrument 
for Mr. Pope, in 1523, thus exhibited it. But the former 


_—_ 


_4—~ draught (No. 24), we see, was right—* whose grand-~ 


father,” &c. The cause of this error has been pointed out 
already. See Section IL. p. 28. 


No. VI. 


SEcUNDA PARS patentium de anno regni Regis Henrici 
Septimi decimo septimo. 
Dex concesstong ARDERN, m, 30. 

R. omib3 ad quos &c. sattm Sciatis qd in consideraGoe 
boni & veri Svicij quod diléus Qviens nf Robtus Ardern — 
unus garcionii canie fire ante hec tempora nob impendit ac 
durante vita sua impendere intendit Dedim? & concessim? 
eidem Robto officiti custodis parvi parci nfi de Aldercar 
Hénd & gaudend dem officii déo Svienti nfo p se vel p ejus 
deputatt sufficienté durante beneptito nfo cum vadijs & 


4 Between 17 Nov. 1599, and 25 March, 1599—1600, 


APPENDIX. 545 


feodis eidem officio debitis 8& consuetis Hénd & annuatim 
peivioné in modo & forma ante hec tempora usitat ad 

inos ibidem usuales simul cum omimod pficuis cémodi- 
tatib; & advantagijs eidem officio quovismodo ptinefi seu 
spectai In cujus &c. T.R. apud Westm xxij die 


Februarij. 
P bie de privato sigillo & de dat &c. 


DE CONCESSIONE ARDERN, m, 35. 

R. omib; ad quos &c. sattm Sciatis qd nos de gira nia 
spali ac in consideraGée boni & veri Svicij quod diléus dviens 
n¥ Robtus Ardern unus garcionii canle nfe nob impendit ac 
durante vita sua impendere intendit Dedim? & concessim? 
eidem Robto officia ballivi dnij nfi de Codnore & custodis 
parci nti ibidem Hénd & occupand eadem officia p se vel 
p sufficientem deputatum suii sive sufficientes deputatos suos 
durante beneptito nfo cum vadijs feodis pficuis comoditatib; 
& advantagijs eisdem officijs debitis & consuetis Hénd & 
annuatim pcipiend in modo & forma ante hec tempora usitat 
In cujus &c. T.R. apud Westm ix die Septembi. 

P bie de privato sigillo & de dat &c, 


Prima pars patefi de anno regni Regis Henrici Septimi 
vicesimo tertio, m, 12. 


D’ custop’ comiss’ ARDERN. 

R. omib3 ad quos &c. salutem. Sciatis nos in considera- 
Ge Vi & fidelis Svicij qd diléus & fidelis Qviens n¥ Robtus 
Ardern pantea impendit & durante vita sua impendere 
intendit concessisse tradidisse & ad firmam dimisisse eidem 
Robto maffii de Yoxsall in cofi Staff cum ptin’ necnon 
cum omib3 alijs pficuis & comoditatib3 quibuscung, eidem 
mafiio ptifi sive spectafi unacum pficuis vi8 francipleg déi 
mailij vidett finib3. pquis ptitis & amciamentis (eozdem 
wardis maritagijs relevijs boscis advocaGdib3 ecctiag bonis & 
catallis felofi aut fugiti¥ & thesaur invent omino-exceptis ac 
nob & heredib3 nis reservat) Hénd tenend & occupand 

VOL. Il. 2N 


546 APPENDIX. 


pdém mafia cum ptifi ut pmitti? exceptis Pexcept pfato 
| Robto heredib3 & assigii suis a festo Sci Michis Archi p% 
futu usq, finem & Paina viginti unius annoy extune px 
sequefi & pleriarie complend Reddendo inde annuatim tiob 
& hered nfis regib; Angt durante Pmino pdéo quadraginta 
duas libras put respon§ fuim? antea & quadraginta solidos 
ultta de inc¥o solvend ad ®minos ibidem usuales ad manus 
receptoris nfi ibidem p tempore existefi Proviso tamen qd 
déus Robtus & ple? sui de omimod repaddib; déi maflij cum 
ptifi exoflat sint & p nos vel ad custus nfos faciend tociens 
quociens opus sive necesse fuit durante Pmino Pdéo In 

cujus &c, T.R. apud Otford, xxiiij die Septemby. 
P bfe de privato sigillo & de dat &c. 


No. VIII. 


The following list of the Bailiffs of Stratford from the 
time their first charter was granted to the year 1615, is 
formed from the various ancient documents in the chamber 
of Stratford : 


1553. Thomas Gilbert, the first 1566. William Tyler. 


Bailif. 1567. Ralph Cawdréy. 
1554, William Whatley, elect- 1568. Soin Stakspenee seid 
ed in Sep" for the en- 1569. Robert Salisbury. 


suing year. * 1570 John Sadler. 
1555, John Burbadge. je 1571. Adrian Quihey. 
1556. Ralph Cawdrey, alias 1572. Roger Sadler. 


Coke. 1578, Lewis ap Williams. 
1557. Francis Harbadge. 1574, Humphrey Plymley, 
1558. Robert Perrot. 1575. Richard Hill. 

1559. Adrian Quiney. < 1576. John Wheler. 

1560, Roger Sadler. 1577. William Tyler. 

1561. Lewis ap Williams. 1578. Thomas Barber. 
1562. Humphrey Plymley. 1579. Nicholas Barnehurst. 
1563. George Whatley. ~ 1580. Robert Salisbury. 
1564. Richard Hill. 1581. Ralph ‘Cawdrey. 
1565, John Wheler. 1582. Adrian Quiney. 


APPENDIX. se 
1583. George Whateley. 1601. Richard - Quiney died. in 


1584. Richard Hill. _ office, John Gibbes, ie hawt fhe had 
1585. William Tyler, suffectus, oS ae 
1586. Thomas Barber, 1602. Daniel Baker. ._  §=M fy. 
1587, Robert Salisbury, 1603. Frances Smyth, senior, 

1588. William Wilson. 1604, John Smyth. 

1589. Thomas Rogers. 1605. William Wyett, 

1590, William Parsons, 1606. John Gybbes. 

1591. John Gibbes. 1607. Henry Walker. 

1592. Richard Quiney. 1608. Francis Smyth, Jun’. 

1593. Henry Wilson. 1609. Henry Wilson. 

1594. Thomas Barber. 1610. William Walford. 

1595. Thomas Rogers. 1611. William Parsons. 

1596. Abraham Sturley. “++. 1612. John Sadler. 

1597. John Gibbes.  “ 1613. Daniel Baker, 

1598. John Smythe. 1614, Francis Smyth, Sen’. 

1599. John Sadler. 1615, Julius Shaw. 


1600. Henry Wilson. pe 


No. 1X. 


“ Ultimo die february Anno regni regis Edw. sexti sep- 
timo pro Bullivo et Burgensibus burgi de Stratford super 
Avon, in com. Warr. 

« The kinges Maiesties pleasure is that the Borough of 
Stratforde vpon Avon in the County of Warr. shalbe 
Incorporated by the name of the Baylif and Burgesses 
of the Borough of Stratford vpon Avon. 

'* Also his highnes pleasure is that the Almes house in 
the said Borough shall Continue and be maynteyned for 
ever, and that there shalbe alwaye kepte there xxiiij 
poore men and women, and that the saide Baylife and 
Burgesses shall distribute and paye wekely to every of the 
said poore folke, iiijd. 

* Also that there shalbe one grammer Scole for ever to 
be kept in the said Borough for the good educacion and 
brynginge vp of the youth And that the Scolemaster of 
the said Scole shall haue for his Wages and Stipende xx/. 
by yeare, whiche Scolemaster shall from tyme to tyme be 

2N 2 


548 APPENDIX. 


Appointed and Assigned by the high Myghtie prynce; 
John Duke of Northumberland and his heyres and 
assignes, Lordes of the said Boroughe. 

“ Also’ that there shalbe kept wekelie in the said 
Borough one markett every Thursdaye through the yeare. 
And also two ffayres there yerelie, the one on the ffeast of 
the Exaltacion of the holy Crosse [Sep. 14] and the evyn 
and morrow of the same feast, And the other one [on] the 
ffeast of the Invention of the holy Crosse [May 3] and the 
morrowe of the same ffeaste, And that the said Bayliff and 
Burgesses shall have the profits and Revenues of the said 
markett and ffayres, Also that there shalbe kept every xv_ 
daies in the said Borough [before the Bailif for the time, 
being a court of record to hear and determine all personal 
actions of debt, accompt, trespass and defence, arising 
within the jurisdiction of the said borough] soe that the 
same excede not the some of one hundred shillings. And 
that the said Bayliffe and Burgesses shall take the profitts 
of the said Courtes. Also his highnes further pleasure is, 
that the said Baylif and Burgesses shall have a licence to 
purchase landes tenements and heredytaments to the 
Clere yerelie value of two hundred marks. 

“ Also because the parishe of Stratford vpon Avon is 
a grate parishe havinge the number of fifteen hundred 
people to receyve the Communion, and is in Circuyte 
xiiij Myles at the leaste, there shall be A Vicare endowed 
in the said Borough, whiche shall serve the cure in the 
parishe Churche there, and hee to haue for his wages xxi. 
yerelie to be paid by the handes of the said Baylyf and 
Burgesses; and that the same Vicare shalbe presented and 
appointed by the said Duke of Northumberland his grace, 
and his heyres and Assignes Lordes of the said Borough ; 
and that there shalbe one other preste or Chapplayne to 
be assistaunt to serve in the saide Churche who shall haue 
for his stipende yerelie xi. 

“And in Consideracion of all whiche premisses the 
Kinges Maiestie is pleased and Contented to give and 
graunte to the said Baylyf and Burgesses all the landes, 


APPENDIX. ‘549 


‘tenements, rentes, reversions, services, tithes, pencions, 
porcions, and hereditaments in the particlers hereunto 
annexed, to them and theire Successors for ever. There- 
fore make a graunt thereof to them Accordingly. 
« Ry. SaKEvVy.e.” 

The sentence within crotchets was omitted, by the 
negligence of the amanuensis, in the copy of this warrant 
preserved in the chamber of Stratford. I have therefore 
supplied it, from an inspection of the charter itself. It is 
observable that in the charter the jurisdiction is extended 
from five pounds to thirty pounds. 


No. X. 


«This Inventory made the XX VI Day of July in the 
Yere of the Reigne of Kynge Edwarde the IIII™ after the 
Conqueste the XV" Yere of divers Goodes and Juelles 
beynge in the Gildehalle of Stratforde uppon Avon 
delivered the seide Day and Yere in kapynge to John 
Hoggekyns and John Samwell then Proketours of the 
seide Gilde In the Tyme of Roger Pagette then Maister 
yf the seide Gilde. 

“Inthe furste. In the Pantery and Botery A Stondynge 
Cuppe of Selver with A Kevercle of Selver gylded by 
the Bordurs. Item A Grete Maser callud Pardon Maser 
A Boude with Selver and overgylte with IIII Oches in 
the Bothom gylded A Grete Owche in the Myddes graven 
with a Crucyfix our Lady and Seynt John Baptiste — 
Item anodur Maser broken at John Oxton Weddynge 
with a Bonde of Selver and overgylt with a Nowche in 
the Botom of our Lady Selver and overgylte with IIII 
Hedes of Selver and overgilte and IIIT Small thyn plats 
of Selver and overgylte in the same Maser. Itema nodur 
Maser with a Nowche in the Botom with a Beeste therein 
of Selver and_ overgilte and II Plates of Selver and 
overgilte and the Bonde of Selver and overgylte. Item 
a nodur Lasse Maser, with a brode Bonde of Selver and 
overgilte, and a Nowche in the Botom with a Rose of 


550 APPENDIX. 


Selver and overgilte. Item II Dosen Spones of Selver 
with flatte gyldyn Knottes atthe Ende. Item III flatte 
Bason of Laten with II Lavers of Laten one withoute a 
Lydde. Item II Salte Salers. Item a Brason Morter 
with a pestolle of Bras. Item a Longe Cofur in the 
Countynghouse. Item too Laduls of Bras. Item II 
Skymers of Bras. Item a Flech Hooke. Item III Steyned 
Clothes for the Halle. Item a Grater for Brede. Item 
for the Halle a Borde Clothe conteynyng IX Elles and 
more. Item a nodur Clothe conteynynge VI Elles anda 
halfe. Item a nodur Borde Clothe conteynynge VIII 
Elles and a Quarter. Item a nodur Borde Clothe con- 
teynynge X Elles. Item a nodur Borde Clothe con- 
teynynge V Elles and a halfe. Item a Borde Clothe of 
Dyapre Werke conteynynge III] Elles and a halfe. 
Item a nodur playne olde Borde Cloth conteynynge HII 
Elles and halfe'a Quarter. Item a nodur Mete Clothe 
conteynynge VI Elles. Item anodur Borde Clothe con- 
teynynge VII Elles and III Quarters. Item ‘a nodur 
Borde Clothe conteynynge VIII Elles. Item III] Olde 
Towelles one of them conteynyge III Elles and TIT Quar- 
ters. Item A nodur conteynynge II Elles, Item a nodur 
conteynynge III Elles. Item a nodur ‘conteynynge IJ 
Elles and III Quarters. Item IIII. Item II Panttery 
Clothes newe bougt. Item IIII Grete Chargers. Item 
Xfi Dosen Platers and II Peces. Item XIX Dosen 
Potengers of Pewtur and VII Peces. Item X Dosen 
Saweers and VIII Peses of Pewter. {tem Il Cofurs with 
Evydences in the Botery. Item IT Awndyrons in the 
Countynghouse. Item a Grete Standarde Potte of Bras. 
in the Store House. Item IX odur Grete Potts of Bras 
in the seid House. Item III small brason potts. Item 
II1I Grete Pannys thre of ‘them conteynynge ‘Galnes 
anodur conteynynge  Galnys. Item a panne broken. 
Item II Pannys one of them conteynynge III]. G. a 
nodur III. G.& di. Item II odur Lytell pannys on of 
them broken near the Bordur. Item anodur panne yeven 
by Alson Thorne conteynynge VII Gallnos in the Kychen. 


APPENDIX. 551 


Item II Meles, a more and a lasse. Item II Tren, Plats. 
Item Il rounde Grete Broches. Item IIII Grete Square 
Broches. Item II odur Square Broches. Item II Peyre 
of Yron Rakkes. Item a Grete Brand Yron. Item II 
Trowes of Tree. Item a Peyre of Grete Cobertes yeven 
by Sir Nycolas Leke stondynge in the Kychyn. Item 
thre Theles. Item III Bordes in the Store House. Item 
a Spynnynge Whele for Flax, Item.a Brasen potte broken 
by the Egge by the queste of Alson Thome. Item VII 
Bordes in the Over Halle. Item III Farmes. Item IIII 
Tressulles. Item a potte yeyen by Mawde Furbour by 
John Gilberts Tyme conteynynge IJ1.G, Item I Sawyng 
Ax of John Lever, Bocher. Item II Clevers in the 
Countyng House of the seid John. 

“Item delyvered to the seide Procutors beynge in the 
Gilde Chapelle videlit Vestiments, Awter Olothes, 
Chaleys, with odur Goodes beynge in the seyde Chapelle. 

“Furste. A Peyre of Vestmentes of Blake Velvet newe 
bougte by Roger Pagette with all the Reparelle. Item a 
newe blac Coope bought by the seide Roger. Item a 
nodur Peyre of Blake Vestymentes with all the Reparelle 
yeven by Sir William Bischoppeston Knygte of Clothe 
of Golde. Item a nodur Peyre Vestimentes of blewe 
with all the Reparelle to them with Kateryn Wheles. 
Item a nodur Peyre rede Vestymentes with the Reparell 
to them with Lyons. Item a peyre of blac Damaske 
Vestimentys with all the Reparelle to them. Item a nodur 
Peyre of Vestiments of Grene Domasay with the Reparell 
at Seynte John Awter in the Chapelle. Item a nodur 
Peyre to the seide Awter of Grene and Ray with all the 
Reparelle to them. Item.a White Chasepull of Bordaly- 
saunder. dtem I] Chaleys one overgylte and the odur 
Gyldud in the Bordur and within. Item II Masse Bokes. 
Item jI1 Frontelles one of the Trinite and a nodur rede 
and blewe. Item a Frontell to Seynt Jouhn Awter with 
Roses and Letters of Golde. Item a nodur Frontell to 
the seid Awter.steyned with Seynte John Baptiste and 
the Ymage of our Lady. Item a nodur Frontell to the 


562 APPENDIX, 


seide Awter steyned with the Trinite and Seynt John 
Baptiste. Item VII Awter Clothes to the Hye Awter. 
Item V Towelles to the seide Awter. Item a Frontell 
steyned with the Lyfe of Seynte Elyn. Item IIII Awter 
Clothes to Seynte John Awter. Item II Towelles to the 
seide Awter. Item V Corporoos with III Kevlyngs. 
Item V Cofurs. Item II Tynacles of Blewe with Lylyes 
and Potts with the Vestyments of the same Sute. Item 
V Baners and a Stremer, one of the Trinite. Item a blac 
Coope by Sir William Bysshoppeston Yfte. Item a 
Crosse of Selver and overgylte. Item a nodur Crosse of 
Coper and gyldud with a Foote therto. Item a nodur 
Crosse broken of Copur and overgylte. Item II Palles 
one of Selke of White and a nodur rede beton with 
Goolde. Item II blewe Clothes to kover the Awters 
withall. Item II Pelowes of Selke. Item a Grete Glas. 
Item II Paxes. Item II Grete Candelstykes of Laten. 
Item II smalle Candelstykes of Laten for the Awters. 
Item A Sorpleys. 

“Item delyvered to the Procutours all the Vestymentes 
Awter Clothes Chaleys with odur Goodes beynge in the 
Churche for our Lady Awter and Seynte John Awter. 

« Furste II Coopes of Rede and Grene with Lyons of 
Golde. Item a nodur Coope of rede Bawkyn with Byrdes 
of Golde. Item a nodur Coope of Grene Bawkyn with 
Swannys. Item a nodurCoope Grene and Blewe with Lylyes 
in Pottes. Itema Vestement with Lylyes in Pottes. Itema 
Vestemente of Blac Clothe of Gold. Item a Vestement of 
white Damaske. Item a Palle braunched with Roses and 
Flowers. Item a Awter Clothe of Dyapre Werke. Item 
II Towell of Dyapre Werke. Item Awter Clothe of playne 
Threde. Item II shorte Towelles of Samplyry Werke. 
Item an Olde Towell of Dyapre Werke. Item an Awter 
Clothe with a Frontell of Selke sowed to hit. Item a 
Clothe to honge afore our Lady in Lente. Item Ill 
Pelowes of Selke. Item a Chales gylded. Itema Masse 
Booke. [tema Brussh of Pekoks Fedurs. Item a Case 
of Selke browdered with Perles for a Corporos. Item @ 


APPENDIX. 653 


Pax. Item II Standerdes of Laten. Item II smalle 
Candelstykes of Laten. Item an Olde Glas. Item a 
Cheseble of Grene with Serpentes Hedes. Item an Olde 
Towelle. Item a Cheseble of Grene and White Cadas 
with an Awbe and the Reparell to hit. Item an Awter 
Clothe of Dyapre Werke with a Frontell sowed thereto 
Item a Awter Clothe of white Threde. Item a Clothe of 
blewe Carde to cover the Awter. Itema Peyre of Cruetts 
of Pewter. Item II steyned Clothes to honge afore the 
_Awter one of our Lady with thre Maryes a nodur of the 
Coronacon of our Lady All thes Perteyneth to our Lady 
Awter. Item II Cofurs. Item to the Roode Awter a 
Peyre of Vestimentes of rede powdered Selke. Item a 
Peyre of Vestimentes of sangwen Cadas. Item an Awter 
Clothe with a Frontell sowed thereto, Item II odur 
Awter Clothes on of them of Dyapre Werke. Item a 
Clothe of Blewe Bokeram to cover the Awter. Item a 
Clothe steyned with the Trinite and a Crucifyx. Item a 
Pax. Item a lytell Frontell steyned. Item a Peyre of 
Cruetts. Itema Clothe of Herre nexthe Awter. Itema 
small Cofur. Item a Candlesteke of Laten. Item at 
Seyns John Awter II Peyre of Vestyments, on Peyre of 
rede Selke, a nodur of Grene Trede. Item a Palle with 
Bests and Branches. Item II Candelstykes of Laten. 
Item a Masse Booke with a Chaleys overgylte. Item an 
Awter Clothe with a Frontell sowed to hit. Item aTowell 
of Dyapre Werke. [tem a Towell of playn Clothe. Item 
a steyned Clothe of Seynte Gregory. Item a Clothe of 
Frene and Blewe for Lente to honge afore the Ymages. 
Item II odur Awter Clothes one of them with a Frontell 
beten with Goolde. Item a steyned Clothe hongyng 
afore the Awter with Seynte John Baptiste with odur. 
Item a Pax. Item a Corporos with a Case of Selke. 
“Ttem a Case of Twyggs to bere the Chaleys yn. Item II 
Cofurs. Item II Cruetts. Item II Cofurs in the Rode 
Lofte.” 
On the back of the inventory : 


554 APPENDIX. 


“ Item IX Plates in the Kychyn. Item [III Potengers. 
Item IIIT Sawcers.” 


No. Xf. 


The Will of Ralph Shawe, a friend of Mr. John Shaks- 
peare, and the father of Julius Shawe, our poet’s friend, 
which was proved before the Rev. Mr. Bramhall, Oct. is, 
1592, (the Vicar there having a peculiar jurisdiction, as 
the Warden of the College of Stratford had before its dis- 
solution), begins thus : 

“In the name of God, Amen, the xviiith daye of 
March in the yeare of our Lord God 1591,——I, Ral 
Shawe of Stratford upon Avon in the county of Warwick, 
Wool-driver, being weake in body,” &c. His stock of 
wool, as appears from his inventory, was twenty-one 
tods, which were estimated at 20/.—In a distringas issued 
by Mr. Thomas Greene, town-clerk of Stratford, to the 
serjeants at mace, to summon a jury for the approaching 
Quarter Sessions, 25 May, 1608, the name of George 
Shackleton, wool-driver, occurs. To drive feathers, is a 
term still in use. 

Several branches of the woollen manufacture appear 
to haye flourished at Stratford in the reign of Queen 
Elizabeth: Thus, [ find frequent mention of dyers, 
wool-winders (see Stat. 23 Henry VIII. c. 17), card- 
makers, broad-weavers, fullers, and shearmen or cloth- 
workers: but towards the end of her reign it seems to 
have somewhat declined ; for in A Supplication from the 
Bailif and Burgesses to "the Lord Treasurer Burghley, 
dated Nov. 9, 1590, and preserved in the Chamber of 
Stratford, is the following paragraph: 

“ And whereas the said towne is now fallen much into 
decay, for want of such trade as heretofore they had by 
clothinge and makinge of yarne, ymploying and mayn- 
tayninge a number of poore people by the same, which 
now live in great penury and miserie, by reason they are 
not set at worke as before they have ben.” 


ee 


APPENDIX. 555 


That they had a hall for the sale of wool appears from 
the following order : 

“ Stratford.) Ad aulam ibm. tent. xv.° die Juli, a° regni 

Burgus. {di Elizabethe, &c. vicesimo primo [1579]: 

« At this hall it was agreed that Mr. Petoo’s should be 
aunswered in maner and forme followinge. 

' “The West-hall to be proclaimed.” 
Registr. Burg. Stratf. A. 

I am not, however, sure, that these two paragraphs are 
connected with each other. Mr. Peto was a gentleman 
of a very ancient family who lived at Chesterton, a few 
miles from Warwick. What the subject of /his letter was, 
{ have not been able to discover. 

‘In February, 3'& 4 Ph. & Mar. [1556] an action on the 
case was brought by William Whatley, clothier, against 
Thomas Gilbert, dyer, relative to 442 yards of broad-cloth 
and thirty pounds of wool and yarn, which the latter 
undertook to dye for 10/. 13s, 4d. And a similar action 
was brought in July, 1589, by George Pyrrye against 
Frances Wheeler, dyer, relative to a charge made by the 
defendant for dying a certain quantity of woollen cloth, 
which the plaintiff alleged was exorbitant. 

In the inventory of William Holmes, weaver, ‘taken at 
Stratford the 22d of May, 1590, I find “ one piece of 
medley ;” in that of Michael Shackleton, weaver, 1595, 
“20 ells of Hurden cloth;” and in the inventory of 
Hugh Aynge, 1606, twelve pounds of woollen yarn. 

At a subsequent period, however, ina petition of the 
mercers and drapers of Stratford to Sir Edward Coke 
about the latter end of the year 1615, praying to be 
relieved from certain exactions made by Lodowick Duke 
of Lenox, or persons employed by him, under colour of a 
royal patent, ‘it is stated that ‘there were then “ no clothes 
or stuffs made at Stratford, but bought at London or 
elsewhere :” but as I find that several of the trades 
above-mentioned subsisted there at that ‘time, 1 suspect 
this statement not to be rigidly correct. The exactions 
_ of the Duke of Lenox ‘were made a subject of ‘parlia- 


556 - APPENDIX. 


mentary complaint some years before. See “ A Record of 
some worthie Proceedings in the parliament holden in the 
yeare 1611 [1610, it should have been] 4to. 1641, p.35.” 


No. XII. 


Among Camden’s funeral certificates is the following: 
« The 7 of August, 1600. 

[After mentioning the lady whom he married,] “ Sir 
Thomas Lucy departed this transitory life the 7th of July, 
1600, whose funerall was worshipfully solemnized accord- 
ing to his degree, at the parish of Charlecott, the 7th of 
August then next following; the preacher M' Hill, parson 
of Hampton. The standart borne by M' Edward New- 
port, gent.; the penner borne by M* William Walter ; 
the helm and crest by Thomas Lant, alias Windsor, for 
Chester herald; the sword and targe borne by Nicholas 
Paddie, alias Lancaster herald ; the cote of armes borne 
by William Camden Esq” alias Clarentcieux; the body 
borne by vi of his servants. The chief mourner Thomas 
Lucy Knight, sonne and heir to the defunct. The assis- 
taunts Sir Richard Fynes, M' Jerome Farmer, and M' 
Tymothie Lucy, Esquiers. In witness of the truth the 
executor hath hereunto subscribed his name the daye and 
yeare above-mentioned. Tuo. Lucy.” 

There is no will of Sir Thomas Lucy the elder in the 
Prerogative Office; but that he made one, appears from 
the concluding words of this certificate. It was probably 
proved at Stratford. 

Sir Thomas Lucy had a sister, Joan, married to George 
Verney, Esq. and a daughter, Anne, married to Sir Ed- 
ward Aston, of Tickshall, in the county of Stafford. 
Neither of these are mentioned by Dugdale in the pedi- 
gree of the Lucy family. 

His son, Sir Thomas, who, according to the inquisition 
above quoted, was born in 1557 or 1558, was knighted in 
1592. His first wife, who is not noticed by Dugdale, 
was Dorothy, the daughter of Rowland Arnold of Glou- 


were 


APPENDIX. 557 


cestershire, Esq. His second, Constantia, the daughter 
of Richard Kingsmill, surveyor of the Court of Wards, 
whom he appears to have married in 1594 [Esc.4 Jac. 
p- 2, n. 75]. From his will, which is in the Prerogative 
Office (Heyes, qu. 77), and was made shortly after his 
father’s death (Aug. 13, 1600), it is probable that he had 
travelled into foreign parts, for he bequeaths to his eldest 
son (beside “ all his household stuff at Sutton, the gilt 
bason and ewer graven which was his father’s together 
with two girdles engraved, livery pots, a nest of gilded 
boles with a cover, a gilded saulte and a dozen of gilded 
spoones”), all his “ French and Italian Books.” To each of 
his unmarried daughters he gives one hundred marks “ to 
be made eyther in a chayne, carkanett, or jewell, as they 
or their nearest friends shall think meete.” And he re- 
cites that he had made leases to certain good friends for 
the payment of his debts, and for the preferment of his 
natural daughters. He died July 16, 1605, and was. bu- 
ried at Charlecote (as appears from the registers), on the 
20th of the same month. At his death, his eldest son, Sir 
Thomas Lucy (for he also was then a knight), was “ nine- 
teen years and fifty weeks old.” Esc. ut supra. 


No, XIII. 


Pat. 11 Hen. 8, p. 1,m.9. Pro Wilielmo Compton, milite. 

Rex omnibus ad quos, &c. salutem. Cum dilectus 
et fidelis serviens noster Willielmus Compton miles, 
quandam parcellam terre, bosci et pasture in Over- 
compton et Nethercompton, alias Compton Vyneyatys in 
comitatu Warr. ad presens fossis sepibus et palis inclusit, 
ea intencione ad inde parcum cum licencia nostra regia 
faciendum, Nos de gratia nostra speciali ac ex certa 
scientia et mero motu nostris concessimus ac per pre- 
sentes concedimus dicto Willielmo Compton quod idem 
Willielmus Compton gaudeat et teneat sibi et heredibus 
et assignatis suis predictam parcellam terre pasture et 
bosci sic ut premittitur inclusam, ut unum parcum, ac cum 


558 APPENDIX. 


omnibus et singulis libertatibus et liberis consuetudinibus 
ad parcum et libertatem arci pertinentibus sive spec- 
tantibus. Et ulterius de uberiori gratia nostra speciali, 
ac ex certa svientia et mero motu nostris, concessimus et 
licentiam dedimus eidem Wilielmo Compton heredibus 
et assignatis suis pro nobis et heredibus nostris quan- 
tum in nobis est, quod ipse heredes et assignate sui 
et eorum quilibet predictam parcellam terre et bosci ad 
presens inclusam ac duo mille acre terre et bosci suoram 
cum pertinentibus in predicte ville de  Overcompton 
et Nethercompton, alias Compton Vynegatys in pre- 
dicto comitatu Warr., simul cum predicta parcella ad 
presens inclusa, aut separatim per se imparcere includere 
et parcum aut parcos inde aut de qualibet inde parcella de 
tempore in tempus facere possit et valeat, possint et va- 
leant, et terras et boscos illos sic inclusos et parcum aut 
“parcos inde factos habere et tenere possit ac habeat et 
teneat, possint et habeant et teneant sibi heredibus et as- 
signatis suis in perpetuum, una cum omnibus libertatibus 
privilegiis et liberis consuetudinibus quibuscumque ad 
parcum et ad libertatem parci pertinentibus sive spectanti- 
bus. Absque perturbacione impeticione impedimento mo- 
lestatione seu gravamine nostri heredum vel successorum 
nostrorum seu aliquorum forestariorum aut Justiciariorum 
officiariorum, aut ministrorum nostrorum aut aliorum 
quorumcumque. Dumtamen terre et bosci predicti non 
sint infra metas sive bundas alicujus foreste sive chacee 
nostre; et hoc absque persecucione de breve de ad quod 
dampnum sive aliquo alio brevi inde fiendo. Et volumus 
et concedimus pro nobis heredibus et successoribus nostris 
dicto Willielmo Compton heredibus et assignatis suis, 
quod postquam idem Willielmus Compton heredis vel 
assignati sui predicte parcelle terre ad presens incluse ac 
de et in predictis duobus millibus acris terre et bosci et 
in qualibet inde parcella parcum inde aut de aliqua inde 
parcella fuit aut fieri fecerit quod ex tuncidem Willielmus 
heredis et assignati sui habeant teneant gaudeant et 
utentur infra parcum illum sive parcos illos sic inclusos 


i 


APPENDIX. 559 
omnia et singula libertatis franchisias privilegia et liberas 
consuetudines ac omne id quod ad libertatem parci per- 
tineant spectant et incumbant. Volentes firmiterque man- 
dantes quod nullus in parco illo ad presens incluso nec in 
aliqua inde parcella terre et bosci predictorum postquam 
inclusum et factum fuerit sine licentia et voluntate dicti 
Willielmi Compton heredum aut assignatorum suorum in 
parco illo aut parcis illis aliquas feras fugat aut capiat 
vel aliquod ibidem capere aut facere presumat sive inter- 
mittat quod im erit contra libertatem aut privilegium 
parci aut contra formam aliquorum sive quorumcumque 
actuum sive ordinacionem de parcis et venatoribus in 
parcis concernentium editorum, et provicisorum sub pena 
forisfacture quadraginta librarum et sub pena imprisona- 
mente et punicionis in eisdem actibus et ordinacionibus et 
eorum quolibet specificata et contenta. Et ulterius da- 
mus et licentiam concedimus pro nobis heredibus et suc- 
cessoribus nostris eidem Wilielmo quod ipse heredes et 
assignati sui habeant et teneant sibi heredibus et assig- 
natis suis liberam Warrennam in omnibus predictis duobus 
millibus acris terre et in qualibet inde parcella nee non in 
omnibus dominicis terris suis in vellis predictis, cum om- 
nibus que ad liberam Warrennam pertinent absque in- 
peticione molestacione impedimento seu gravamine nostri 
heredum seu successorum nostrorum seu aliquorum offi- 
ciariorum vel ministrorum nostrorum heredum vel suc- 
cessorum nostrorum aut aliorum quorumcumque ; Ita quod 
nullus intret in Warrenam illam ad fugandum aut aliquod 
ibidem faciendum sine licentia ipsius Wilielmi heredum vel 
assignatorum suorum sub pena forisfacture decem librarum, 
Dum tamen terre ille non sint infra metas sive bundas 
alicujus foreste sive chacee sive Warrenne nostre. 

12 April. 


No. XIV. 
Pat’ 4 & 5 Puit’ & Mar’, p. 8. m.21.—Dee. 22. 


Rex et Recuva omnibus ad quos &c. salutem Sciatis 


560 APPENDIX. 


quod nos pro summa ducentarum quinquaginta . quatuor’ 
librarum et quindecim solidorum legalis monete Anglie ad 
receptam Scaccarij nostri ad manus dilecti servientis nostri 
Nicholai Brigham unius numeratorum ejusdem Scaccarij ad 
usum nostrum per predilectum et fidelem consiliarium nos- 
trum Franciscum Englefyld militem magistrum curie war- 
dorum et liberationum nostrorum premanibus bene et fideliter 
solutorum unde fatemur nos plenarie fore satisfactos et per= 
solutos Eundemque Franciscum Englefyld heredes execu- 
tores et administratores suos inde acquiet et exoneratos 
esse per presentes De gratia nostra specfali ac ex certa 
scientia et mero motu nostris Dedimus et concessimus ac 
per presentes pro nobis heredibus et successoribus nostrum 
prefate Regine' Damus et concedimus prefato Francisco 
Englefyld (inter alia) Totum illum parcum nfm vot 
Fulbroke Pke modo disparcatam ac libtatem pci nfi de 
Fulbroke Ac oites illas tras n¥as vocat seu cognit p nomen 
vel p ndia de Fulbroke Pke in Fulbroke cum ptifi in com 
nfo Warf quondam peella rag possessionii & hereditamento 

olim ducis Bedd & dudum Johiis nup ducis Northumbf de 
alta pdidée attinct & convict existefi aut cox al®ius Aceciam 
omes illas viginti & unam acras tre & prati firas unde una 
acra jacent infra bund déi dispcati parci & viginti acras inde 
adjacent extra & ppe bund ejusdem dispcati parci quond 
peeit Prag possessionti & hereditamentog déi quondam ducis 
Bedd & dudum pceit Prag possessiont & hereditamentoy di 
nup ducis Northumbi aut eos altius Aceciam omes illas. 
octoginta acras tre & pasture n¥as cum ptifi jacefi infra bund 
déi nup dispcati parci ac nup pceit tray possession & 
hereditamentog dei quondam ducis Bedd & dudum pdéi nup 
ducis Northumbf existefi aut eog al¥ius Necnon omes illas 
quadraginta* acras tre brue¥ & vast firas unde quadraginta 
acre includun? in duab3 clausu¥ tre eidem nup parco ad- 
jaceii & trescent & sexaginta acre inde adjacefi infra limites 
ejusdem nup parcj ac nup pcett Prag possessionu & here- 

Sic MS. 
> So in the Record-(should be ‘* Quadritigentas.”) 


APPENDIX. 561 


ditamentos, déi quond ducis Bedd & dé nup ducié North- 
umb? existefi seu 809 altius Aceciam totam piscariam & 
libtatem piscand niam eidem parco ptinefi inaqua & rivulo 
de Avoii in déo com Warf accurrent p bund & limites dé 
nup parci quond peelt possession’ & revenfonii déi quondam 
ducis Bedd & dudum pcett possession & revenonii di 
nup ducis Northumb*Y existefi seu yt: altius Quiguidem 
parcus de Fulbroke modo dispcat ac ceba Prise i in eodem 
parco & ppe eundem parcum jaceii modo sunt in possessione 
déi Francisci Englefelde seu tenenciii vel assigit Suds. | 


; 


No. XV. 


_ This letter was written, in the year 1598, to Mr. Cite, 
when he was in London, engaged. in the business of nd 
-borough of Stratford. It isas follows: ) 

© Quam possum brevissime ; sed quam amantissime, 
nec. possum literis exprimere neque mente concipere 
quidem. Multifarias tuas ante et post Nativitatem-epis- 
tolas accepi: etiam magistro Wendaio datas et: Westo 
ejus clerico Cantabrigie vidi, et magna voluptate animi 
perlegi ad Sessiones pacis. Sed quomodo ad te rescribe- 
rem propter itinerationis tue incertitudinem, facile con- 
jectarinon potui. Per quas ad nos proxime dedisti et 
Magistro Wendaio scripsisti, opinor te Londinum per- 
ventum se [esse] et illic te hiis meis obviam dare et de 
rebus omnibus iis, quantum memorize dabitur recordari, 
sic habeto. Tui tuaque omnes bene valent. Res tue 
domestice patris curi, conjugis industria, ancillarum 
labore, benedicente Domino, succedunt pene ad. votumi, 
Led. Ben.' [Leonard Bennet] mutuo dedit 50" libras stipu- 
latore Joh. Sadlero tantum. M* Th. Brbr [Barber] nec 
ego ullas. M* Ballivus, Aldermannus, et consociatio 
nostra omnis valet. Robertus Bedell deest; et org 
[George] Badger dissociatus (uti accepi) ad Came- 
rariorum computationem, agente me ipso Bedfordie et 
Cantabrigiz. Quibus locis quid a me actum sit, cum 
domum veneris ‘(si interim non illic) accipies. _ Canta- 
VOL. I. 20 


562 APPENDIX. 


brigie dies solum datus est; Bedfordie partim ad manus 
venerunt, partim in expectatione pendent. Que in illis 
omitatibus vel expectationibus vel optionibus nostris 
responderunt, eorum omnium laudes magistro nostro 
Burgoimo debentur meritissime secundum Deum. Jam 
tuo peregrinationis socio me commendatum habe; cujus 
uxor, ac familia valetudine frnuntur desiderata, rebus 
aliquanto arctioribus et pressioribus. Utcumque bene sit 
yobis in negotiis vestris, valde imo pervalde desiderati 
estis. _Quare omni jam excusatione cessante, domum 
celeriter advolate. Johannis Rogerus promisit se omni 
rationi promptum et alacrem, sed nihil adhuc prestitum 
est. Cognatus dominus Combe vasa argentea et aureata 
pro vado tenet, ex suasione et deliberatione Danielis 
Baker quo cum etiam valde succensebat tua gratia, sed 
illius concitationis et iracundie illum peenituisse puto : 
sed quidem ignoro an in gratiam rediit adhuc. Sed ne 
verbum unum addam amplius. Sed incolumem te servet 
Deus omnipotens ut te sospitem mittet ad nos omni festi- 
nationi festinantius. Quia jam ad me venit soror ut 
litteras ad te exarem, suo nomine, illius igitur et nostri 
reliqua habebis vernaculo sermone; hee enim hebetiora. 
Stretfordize Januarii 18 vpe [vespere] dat."* 1597 [1597-8]. 
“ Tuus utcunque suus 
“« Abrah. Sturley. 

« Si otium dabitur, siste lites inter Magistrum Clofon 
etme, ac etiam inter Dominum Burtonum. Metuo non 
sine multo timore a mgra [magistra] warda. 

“ To his most hemes Brother, M' Richard ages: att 
London geve these.” 


Mr, Abraham Sturley was, in 1590, married to the 
daughter of Mr. Richard Hill; as appears from Mr. Hill’s 
will. Richard Quiney married Elizabeth Philips 
(Jan. 24, 1580-1); but she having died, he married 
Susanna, the sister of Abraham Sturley, as I learn from 
one of her letters to her husband, written by her brother 
Sturley, whose love of intermixing Latin in his letters 


APPENDIX. 563 


was 80 great that he could not refrain from this practice, 
even while he was holding the pen for his sister; for he 
thus concludes the letter to which I allude : 
“ Your kind & loving wife bj u’ 
“ most loving broth’r hir secretary 
“ inhac litterd, hic vice tanti, 
“ Susa. Qui.” — 


The Mr. Comb mentioned in the foregoing Latin letter 
was, without doubt, Mr. John Combe. Mr. George 
Badger was a woollen-draper in Stratford. 

In a letter, dated at Stratford, Oct. 27, 1598, and 
directed thus: “ To his most loving brother M' Richard 
Quiney att the bell in Carter Lane give these with speed,” 
I find the following passages : 

“ M’ Baily 1s coming unto youe. he saith he will bring 
u[you] up the rest of the tax money. he will joyne with 
youif he can tarri; but if he hast dewne againe, and 
that ani liklihood of u' [your] proceeding mai appe 
[appere] it is ordered that I shall come unto youe with 
speede. for u" [your] ease and comfort. Quid mihi opta- 
tius, quid gratius mihi accidere potest in hoe communi 
bono tibi conjungi, cui sim conjunctissimus ? He charte 
nimis sunt curte hee nox non satis erit describendis hiis. 
nullus intervenerit nuntius, sine litteris nostris aliquid de 
hiis rebus pre se ferentibus. Brother Q. when u se it 
past padveniture in your judgment, stand upon hit how u 
shall be considered; although in mine opinien you need 
not: quoniam, uti spero, melior pars major. Nune de 
tuis sic habe. U' father, and w. ch. [wife and children} 
well, and houshold not want but of u; which is well for 
borne whilest u are so well employed. U* father hath 
serit u the particulars of so much as my sister will willingly 
passe: for W™ W. house, she hath destined hit for 
hir daughter Pli. [Plymley] which she will not alter 
as yet,” 

202 


564 APPENDIX. 


» In many other of his letters to Mr. Quiney, sentences 
of Latin are aroun: pobsirenpeil 


"eo: XVI. 
“ Patri suo amantissimo Mro,Richardo Quinye Richardus 
Quinye filius S. P; D. 

“ Ego omni officio ac , potius pietate erga te (mi pater) 
tibi gratias ago pro iis omnibus beneficiis qua in me 
contulisti; te etiam oro et) obsecro. ut provideres; fratri 
meo et mihi duos chartaceos libellos quibus maximecaremus 
hoe presenti tempore ;. si enim eos haberemus, plurimus 
profecto iis usus esset nobis : et praeterea ‘gratias tibago 
quia a teneris, quod aiunt, unguiculis, educasti mein 
sacre doctrine studiis usque ad hunc diem.) Absit 
etiam verbulis meis' vana adulationis suspicio, neque 
enim quenquam ex. meis amicis cariorem aut aman- 
tiorem mei te esse judico; et vehementer obsecro ut 
maneat' semper egregius iste amor tuus. sicut semper 
anteahac; et quanquam ego non possum remunerare tua 
beneficia, omnem tamen ab intimis meis precordiis tibi 
Seeiee salutem. Vale. Ps 

. & Filiolus tuus tibi obedientissimus, : 
« RicHaRDus QuinyE.”) | 
> Miers is no date to this letter; but it was. probably 
written either in the latter end of the year 1597 or im1598, 
in each of which years the elder Mr. Richard Quiney was 
in London, soliciting: a renewal and :enlargement of the 
charter, and: an exemption for the borough of Stratford 
from) a subsidy granted. by parliament. ‘The writer, 
Richard Quiney, ‘was his second son, and was baptized at 
Stratford, Oct. 8, 1587: he was, therefore, at the time of 
writing this letter, either ten or eleven years old: » Can 
there be a doubt that such a.youth as’ Shakspeare, who 
was bred in the same school, could have written sucha 
letter in 1575, when he was of the same age. 


APPENDIX. 


No/XVIL. (40 fr4i/ 
Complete Copy of the Verses on Sir Thomas Lucy. 
‘A parliement member, a justice of peace, 
At home a poore scarecrowe, in London an asse, 
If Lucy is Lowsie as some volke misscall it 
Synge Lowsie Lucy whatever befall it. 


He thinks hymself greate, yet an asse in hys state 
We allowe bye his eares but with asses to mate ; 


’ If Lucy is Lowsie as some volke misscall it, 


Synge Lowsie Lusy whatever befall it. 
He's a haughty proud insolent knighte of the shire 


__ At home nobodye loves, yet theres many hym feare. 


If Lucy is Lowsie as some volke misscall it 


~ Synge Lowsie Lucy whatever befall it. 


To the sessions he went and dyd sorely complain 

His parke had been rob'd and his deer they were slain, 
This Lucy is Lowsie as some volke misscall it 

Synge Lowsie Lucy whatever befall it. 


He sayd twas a ryot his men had been beat, 
His venson was stole and clandestinely eat. 


“Soe Lucy is Lowsie as some volke misscall it 
Synge Lowsie Lucy whatever befall it. 


Soe haughty was he when the fact was confess'd 
He sayd ’twas a crime that could not bee redress’d, 
Soe Lucy is Lowsie as some volke misscall it 
Synge Lowsie Lucy whatever befall it. 


Though Lucies a dozen he paints in his coat 
His name it shall Lowsie for Lucy bee wrote 
For Lucy is Lowsie as some volke misscall it 
Synge Lowsie Lucy whatever befall it. 


_ If a iuvenile frolick he cannot forgive 


We'll synge Lowsie Lucy as long as-we live 
And Lucy the Lowsie a libel may call it 
We'll synge Lowsie Lucy whatever befall it. 


| fn fy “tf sate 


Pp ie 


a Aw “1604 
we 4 pres oe 
fore 


o 
MA Shaw fu-AA 
ba 


Aw Et 


FE Soy hE AZ 4 
Agee Zi» Kae 


566 APPENDIX. 


No. XVII. 

Most lovinge and beloved in the L*, in plaine englishe 
we remembr u in the L‘ & o*. selves unto you. I would 
write nothinge unto u nowe—but come home. I praj G* 
send u comfortabli home. This is one speciall remem- 
brance, from ut fathrs motion. It seemeth bi him that 
o". countriman Mr. Shakspe is willing to disburse 
some monej upon some od yardeland or other att Shottrj 
or neare about us. he thinketh it a very fitt. patterne to 
move him to deale in the matter of o' Tithes. Bj the 
instructions u can geve him’ theareof, & bj the frendes he 
can make therefore, we thinke it a faire marke for him to 
shoote at, & not unpossible to hitt. It obteined would 
advance him in deede, & would do us much good. hoc 
movere & quantum jn te é pmoyere, ne negligas : hoc 
enim et sibi et nobis maximi erit momenti: hic labor, 
hoc opus esset eximie et glorie et laudis sibi. 

u shall understande, brother, that o'. neighbours are 
grone with the wantes they feele throughe the dearnes 
of corne, (w°. heare is bejonde all other countries that I 
can heare of deare & over deare), malecontent. They 
have assembled togeath’r in a great nomb’s, & travelled 
to S' Tho. Lucy on firiday last, to complaine of of malst’rs 
on Sunday to S' ffoulke Gre. (Grevill] & 8' Joh. Conway. 
I should haye said on Wensday to S' Ed, Grevll first 
theare is a metinge heare expected to-morrowe: the L* 
knoweth to what end it will sorte. Tho, West returning 
from the ij knights of the woodland +, came home so full, 
that he said to M'. Baily that night, he hoped w’hin a 
week to leade of thé in a halter, meaninge the malst’rs; 
& I hope, saith Tho. Granams, if G* send mj L* of Essex 
downe shortlj, to se thé hanged on gibbets at their owne 
doores. 

To this end I write this chieflj; That as u' occasion 
shall suffer u to staj theare, thearein gett by S* Ed 


+ Sirill.Aiepviley and Sin-doha Gana: 


APPENDIX. 567 


Grey. some meanes made tothe Knights of the pliam’t 
for an ease & discharge of such taxes & subsedies where 
w* of towne is like to be charged, & Lassure ul am in 
great feare & doubt bj no meanes hable to paje. S* Ed. 
Gre, is gonne to Brestowe, & from thence to: Lond. as.L 
heare, who verie well knoweth o' estates, & wilbe willinge 
to do us anj good. * af 

o* great bell is broken, & W™. Wiatt is mendinge the 
pavem’te of the bridge. 

mj sister is chearefwll & the L* hath bim mercifull & 
comfortable to.us &. hir in hir labours, & so ytu be well 
imploied, geveth u leave to: followe ut occasions for b 
weeke or fortnight longer. I would, u weare furnisht to 
paj W™ Pattrike for me xi. & bringe his qittance, for E 
thinke his specialtie is in Tho Knight hand, due at 
Candles daie. Yesterday I spake to, Mr. Sheldon at S* 
Tho. Lucies, for the staie: of Mr. Burtons: suite, & that 
the: cause might be. referred to. M‘ Walk’rs of Ellington: 
he answered me, yt M' Bur. was nowe:att Lond. & w" 
all his harte & good will the suite should be. staied, & 
the matter so referred. J have here inclosed_a breife of 
the reckoninge betwene him & me, as I would have it 
passe, & as in a’qitie it should passe, if he wilbe but as 
good as his: faith & Pmise. 

Good broth’r, speake to: M’ Goodale; that there be’ no 
more Pceadinge’ in tharches bj M’ Clopton, whom E am 
content & most willing to. compounde w'*all, & have 
bin, ever: since, the beginninge of the laste terme, and 
thearefore much iniured bj some bodie' y' I. have: bin 
put, to, an unnecessarie charge of xxs. & upwards, that 
terme;, wheareas I had satisfied, M‘ Clopton, as 1 was 
crediblj made. believe by some of his s’rvantes. I was 
allso, assured; of the staie of suite. bj, M’ Barnes in the 
harvest, & bj M' Pendleburj the latter end of the terme. 
mj: broth’r Woodward cometh up att the latter end of this 
week, who will speake to Mr. Clopton him selfe to that 
purpose. 


568 APPENDIX. 


“ u understande bj mj le’r I sent bj o’ countrima. 
Bur'll, that masse’ Brentt dispatchd 50/. for u. Jh. Sdlr. 
[John Sadler] bounde alone as yeat. Because Mr. Brbr 
[Barber] might not have it for 12 moneths, he would none 
at all, wherebj I loste my expectation, & [am] leafte I 
assure u in the greatest neede of 30/. that possiblj maie 
be. In truth, brother, to u be it spoké & to none els; for 
want thereof knowe skarce w° waj to turne me. 

Det deus misericordie deus [Query, dons, i. e. per 
exiti; secundii bene placitum suum. 

u’ fath’r w', his blessinge & comendation: mj ‘sister 
w' her lovinge remembrance, comends her: in health 
booth, with all u’ childré & houshold. u' fath’r’ extraor- 
dinarj hartie, chearefull, & lustie, hath sent u this remem- 
brance inclosed. 

It maie be u knowe Hins [him] his execut’r & brother ; 
I meane of whom o* brot’ Whte borowed for me the 
80. paihable at maj next. his name J have not att hand. 
he dwelleth in Watlinge Streate, if 40/. thereof might be 
p’cured for 6 monethes more, it would make me whole. 
I knowe it doeth u good to be doing good & y* u will do 
all the good u can. 

I would Hamlet* weare at home satisfied for iii paines 
také before his coming & so freed from further travell. 

Nune deus omnipot’ns opt. max. pater omnimode 


consolationis benedicat tibi in viis tuis, et secundet 
te in omb.tuis p Ihfi. crm. dom. erm. Da. ullus sit 
tuis ti. ABrau. Srru. [StuRLEY.] 


Stratfordia Januarii 24 [1597-8]. 

Comend me to Mr Tom. Bur’ll & praj him ffor me & 
my broth. Da. Bakr [Daniel Baker] to looke y*T. Tub maie 
be well hooped, that he leake not out lawe to o” hurte, for 
his cause: qod partem avidio nonnihil suspicor & timeo. 


3 Hamnet or Hamlet Sadler, who was probably godfather to 
Shakspeare’s only son. He had accompanied Mr. Richard 
Quiney to London, on the business of the borough of Stratford, 


APPENDIX. , 569 
Received of Mr. But: incite E bluigye gh. gd, 
' Beanes 23q'. att 3s. 4d. the strike ......4.4.. 30:13 4 


» Burley, 8q" & 4str. at 4s. y°str ............°18°12 0 
Wheate 4q™, 4 str. att 6s. 8d. y° str..........12 00 
ia s 56.54 
Ihave paid & sowed theareof, 520. 11s. 8d. 
Mj lad. Gre. is ru [run] in arreages w'" mj sister for 
malt (as it seemeth), w° hendreth & troubleth hir not a 
littel. 


No. XIX. 

Nov. 4.1598, All health happines of suites and well- 
fare be multiplied unto u & u'. labours in G* o*, ffather by 
Cr. 0" : Ae 

Y' Ver of the 21 of octobr came to mj handes the laste 
of the same at night p Grenwai, w‘. imported a staj of 
suites bj St E*. G'. [Edward Grevill’s] advise, until &c'. 
& y' only u should follow on for tax & sub. Patly and 
allso u’. travell & hinderance of answere therein, bj u™ 
longe travell & thaffaires of the Courte: And that o' 
countrima M' W. Shak. [Shakspeare] would p’cure us 
monej, w°. I will like of, as I shall heare when, & wheare, 
& howe; and I praj let not go that occasion, if it maj 
sorte to anj indifferent condicions. Also y‘ if monej 
might be had for 30 or 40'. a lease, &c. might be p’rocured 
Oh howe can you make dowbt of monej, who will not 
beare xxx“ or xl*. towards such a match! The latter end 
of u' ’er w‘ concerned u' houshold affaires I dd [delivered] 
Pntly: nowe to u' other l’er of the 1°. of novmber received 
the 34 of the same. 


4 The borough of Stratford at this time were soliciting the 
Lord Treasurer Burghley to be exempted from the subsidies im- 
" posed in the last Parliament, on the plea of poverty and distress 
occasioned by two recent fires. 


570 APPENDIX. 


I would I weare with u; naj if you continue with hope 
of those suites u wrghte of, Lthinke I shall w* [without] 
concent; & I will most willingl) come unto u; as had 
u but advise & companj & more monej p’nte [present] 
much might be done to obtaine o* Cer [charter] enlarged, 
ij faires more, with tole of corne .bests and sheepe. and a 
matter of more valeu thé [than] all that; for (say u) all 
this is nothing y* is in hand, seeinge it will not.rise to 80'. 
& the charges wilbe greate. What this matter of more 
valeu meaneth I cannot undrstand; but me thinketh what- 
soever the good would be, u are afraid of want of monej. 
Good things in hand or neare. hand can not choose but be 
worth monei to bring to hand, and being assured, will if 
neede be, bringe monej in their mouthes ; there is no feare 
nor dowbte. If it be the rest of the tithes & the College 
houses and lands in o* towne u speake of, the one. half 
weare abundantly ritch for us; and the other halfe to 
increase S* E* [Grevill’s] rialties would both beare the 
charge & set him sure on: the w° I take to be your mean- 
inge bj the latter p’te of u' ’er, where u write fora copie 
of the p’ticulars (w*, allso u shall have accordingly) Oh 
howe I fear whe I se what S' E* can do, & howe neare it 
sitteth to his selfe;: leaste he shall thinke it to [too] good 
for us, & P’cure it for himselfe, as he s’ved us the last time, 
for it seemeth by u" owne words theare is some of hit [it] 
in u’ owne conceite, when u write if S' E* be as forward to 
do as to speake, it will be done : a dowbt I assure you not 
whout doubt to be made:—whearto allso u ad not- 
w'standing y* doubt, no want but monej. Somewhat must 
be to St E* & to each one y* dealeth somewhat & great 


reason. And me thinketh u need not be affraid to P’mise ; 


that as fitt for him, for all the [them] and for u® selfe. 
The thinge obtained 1 no dowbte will paj all. For p’sent ad- 
vice and encouragmte u have by this time M* Bailj ;, andor 
monej, when, you certifie what, u haye done, & what, uhayve 
spent, what u will do, & what u, wante, somewhatu knowe 


APPENDIX. . 671 


we have in hand, & G4 will p’vide that w° shall be sufficient. 
Be of good courage. Make fast S* E*. bj all meanes, or 
els all our hope & u' travells be utterly disgraced Consider 
and advise if S' Ed. will be faste for us, so y' bj his good- 
will to us & his meanes for us these things be brought 
about. What weare it for the fee farme of his rialties, 
nowe not above xii or xiij'. he weare assured of the double, 
when these things come to hand, or more, as the good- 
nes of the things pr’cured p’veth. But whj do I travill in 
these things, whe [when] I knowe not, certainly what u 
intende, neither what u' meanes are, nor what are u’ diffi- 
culties p’ciselj & by name all w° must be knowe’ by name 
& speciallj w'* an estimate of the charge before anj thing 
can be added either for advise or supplie. I leave these 
matters therefore unto the allmighties mercifull disposition 
in u' hand untill a more neare possibilite or more leisure 
will encourage u or suffer u to write more plainly & p'ti- 
cularly, But w'hall the Chancell must not be forgotte’ 
w allso obtained would yeald somep’ett) gub of monej 
for u' p’sent busines as I thinke, The p’ticulars u write 
for shalle this morninge be dispatched & sent as soon as 
maj be.—All is well att home ; all your paiments made & 
dispatchd, mj sister saith if it, be so y* u can not be 
p’vided for M™ Pendllbur, [Pendlebury] she will, if you 
will, send you up x', towards that by the next after, or if 
u take it up paj it to who u appointe. W™ Wallford 
sendeth order and monej p W™ Court nowe cominge 
who hath some cause to feare, for he was newelj s’ved w™ 
p’ces [process] on Tusday last at Ale", [Aleeber] P Rog’r 
S[adler]. 

M' Parsons supposeth that Wenlock came the same day 
wt M‘ Bailj y‘u writt u’ Per. he saith he supposeth u maj 
use yt x!, for our br’winge matters. W™ Wiatt answered 
M' Ba [Bailif] and us all yt he would neither b’rwe him 
selfe, nor submit him selfe to the order; but (bj those very 
wordes) make against it w all the strength he could 


572 APPENDIX. 


possibly make, yeat we do this day begin M" Bar[ber] and 
my selfe'a littel for assai. My bro. D. B. [Daniel Baker] 
att Shrewsburj or homeward from thence. But nowe the 
bell hath runge my time spent. The L* of all power, 


glorj, mere}, 2 grace and goodnes, make'his great power & 


mercie knowe towardes us in u’ weaknes Take heed of 
tabacco whereof we heare Pp W™ Perrj against ani longe 
iournei u maj undertake on foote of necessity, or wherein 
the exercise of u" bodj must be implored, drinke some 
good burned wine or aq’avita and ale strongly mingled 
wout bread for'a tloast] & above all keepe u. warme. 
Farewell mj dare heart, and the L* increase o" loves & 
comforts one to an other that once it maj be such as) be- 
comethe christianity purity & sincerity wout staine or 
blemishe.’ Fare you well, all u" & o” well.  ffrom Strat- 
ford, Novem. 4 1598. 
u® in all love in the best bond 
AsRAH. STURLEY. © 
-M® Coombs whe Gil’ert Charnocke paid the there 
monej as he told me, said y‘ if anj but he had brought it 
she would not receve it, because she had not hir gowne ; 
& that she would arrest u for hit as soon as u come. home; 
& much twattle; but at the end so y* youe would pai 4". 
towards hit, whe would allow uw! xX & we shall heare at 
some leasure howe fruits are & hopps & sutch knakks. 
At this point came W™ Sheldon the silkma with a war- 
rant to serve W™ Walford againe upon a trespasse of 5002. 
To his most lovinge brother M' Richard Quiney, at the 
Bell in Carter Lane att London, give these. 


> 


No. XX. 


Sir Walter Ralegh, at the time Colin Clout was written, - i. 


5 Probably Mrs. Mary Combe, the wife of Thomas Combe, 
John-Combe’s elder brother. 


“FEU 
. 


J5g% 


APPENDIX. 573 


was forty years old. His acquaintance with Spenser, we 
may presume; commenced in Ireland, where he first distin- 
guished himself in military service, during the years 1580 
and 1581 ; Spenser being, at that time, secretary to Arthur 
Lord Grey, who assumed the government of Ireland, as 
Lord Deputy, in September, 1580. At the assaulton the 
Golden Fort, near Dingle, in the county of Kerry, a few 


P hit @ 


putting. the garrison, to the py in cold blood, after 
they had surrendered at discretion, was assigned, to 

Ralegh and another, officer ; 3 Spenser, as he jhas hircclt 
told-us, was near the, scene of action,)in the train of the 
Lord Deputy ; for whose conduct, on, that occasion, he 
has. made an elaborate defence... In, 1582, Ralegh re- 
turned to England; and after the death, of Gerald, the 

sixteenth Earl of Desmond, and. the consequent confis- 
cation of his immense. estate, consisting of , near 
600,000, acres, which, produced, a__ revenue ‘of , about 
7000/., per. annum, Ralegh’s services were, ‘rewarded, 
in 1585, with a grant, of 12,000 acres of Jand, i in the 
counties of Waterford and Cork. “ He had these lands, P 
according to a manuscript in the Lambeth Library 
(No. 617), “by, expresse words of warranty.ina special 
letter from her Majestie at a. hundred, marks pann, rent,” 
Till the year 1590, however, neither he, nor any, other of 
the, undertakers, as they were called, paid any rent, 


From Michaelmas, 1591, to Michaelmas, 1594, he paid 


only fifty marks a-year; and from that time, for eyer, 
his rent,,was fixed at one hundred marks annually. 
In 1587, as appears from a letter written by himself to 
Sir Robert Cecil (Burghley Papers, p. 658), he built a - 
castle on this estate, and established on, it a, colony 
brought from England ; but before May, 1593, he had 
been “ driven to recall all his people.” And, about, the 
year 1600, he sold this estate to Richard Boyle, after- 
wards the great Earl of Corke, who, by means of its © 
woods, and the iron-works which he erected on it, made 


Ghat we 
£ 


lean 105 / ” haz 
et Fy ete? 5 Bes te) 


At SF 


574 APPENDIX. 

a great accession to his fortune. In the sumier of 1589, 
as has been stated in the text, having been chased from the 
court, by Essex, he repaired to his estate in Ireland, and, 
doubtless, then spent some time with Spenser, at his 
Castle of Kilcolman, which was not far distant from 
Ralegh’s estate : and the poet appears to have afterwards 
accompanied his friend to England. 


have stated that Ralegh “ obtained, of the crown, a 
grant, in 1594, of some church lands ; a course of reward 
usual, with Queen Elizabeth, towatds’ such as had per- 
formed any considerable service to the state....Dr. John 
Caldwell, upon his election to the see of Salisbury, 
having consented to alienate the manor of Sherborne in 
Dorsetshire, Sir Walter requested and procured it from 
her Majesty.” This statement is wholly inconsistent with 
the history of his disgrace at court; for it cannot be sup+ 


‘posed that the Queen would grant hin any favour at the 


very time he was forbid to appear in her presence. To 
avoid that inconsistency, therefore, it has been supposed 
that, in 1594, he was restored to her Majesty’s favour, 
which he had lost by seducing one of her maids of 
honour, Elizabeth, a daughter of Sir Nicholas Throck- 
morton. But the truth is, that Dr. Caldwell, after he 
was elected to the see of Salisbury, and before he was 
confirmed in the bishoprick, on the 18th of January, 
1590-91, made a dease of the manor of Sherborne to the 
Queen, for ninety-nine years, at the annual rent of 
2007. 16s. 1d. °; and, nine days afterwards, the Queen as- 
signed it over to Ralegh, for the remainder of her term. 
His disgrace took place near eighteen months afterwards, 
July 1592, when he was, for some time, committed to 
the custody of Sir George Carew, Lieutenant-General of 
the Ordnance ; and on the 31st of July, he was commit- 


® Claus. $4 Eliz. p. 18, 


Dr. Birch, in his Life of Ralegh, and others after him, — 


bis 


APPENDIX. 675 


ted to the Tower, where he was confined for two months. 
See a letter, from Sir Edward Stafford, to Anthony 
Bacon, July 30, 1592, Birch’s Memoirs of Elizabeth, 
part i. p. 79. From other letters in the same collection, and 
from Camden, we learn, that he was not admitted into 
the Queen’s presence before the end of the year 1595; if 
even then. In the summer of 1596, he was so far for- 
given, as to be allowed a command in the expedition 
against Cadiz; but he was not allowed to resume the exer- 
cise of his office of Captain of the Guard till 1597. The 
disgrace, therefore, which Spenser so pathetically laments, 
continued for nearly five years. About two years after 
his restoration to the Queen’s favour, and while his rival, 
Essex, was absent from the court, September 11, 1599, 
he obtained, from her, a grant of the manor of Sherborne 
to him and his heirs for ever7?, of which he had before 
only'a lease. At what time his marriage with Elizabeth 
Throckmorton took place, has not been ascertained. It 
appears that she accompanied him to the Tower, in July, 
1592; but a letter written by him to Cecil, and dated 
March 10, 1592 °, »about three months before he and that ~ haa tte L tone 
lady were confined “for Ralegh reckoned the year as we Preas age | 
now do), contains these remarkable words: “ I meane' i. ihe oo 
not to come away, as they say; I will, for feare of a mar-<“~“~ 
riage, and I ae. not what. If any auch thing weare, I 2 6 sie 
would have imparted it unto your sealf, before any mane 2 ra LF he 
living; and therefore I pray, believe it not ; and I be 
seech you to suppress what you can, any Bere malicious 
report; for I protest before God, there is none on the face 
of the yearth, that I would be fastned unto.” 
During the period above-mentioned, it was, that he 
poured forth those piteous complaints at being excluded 
from’ the presence of his “ love’s Queen, and the goddess 
of his life;” to which Spenser alludes in the following 
verses of the poem which has given rise to these observa- 


7 Pat. 41 Eliz. p. 12. 8 Murden, p. 663. 


4 y, a 
Dt Pe... Lot So £2 LtKK Liew 
f 
Seng Pay II fr ee? 
ew bit ft Lie errer— keh Fe, LH 
y t 4 47 ~ 
at EO Se cc. ten Shcdw, Sh 07% eee: 


576 APPENDIX. 


‘tions. -Thestylis having asked what was the subject on 


which the ia? of the ocean payee om 
replies, by gl LOOK 


is song was all a lamentable lay, Poe ¥ yal: 


_ “ Of great unkindness and of usage hard, % . lt 
“<« OF Cynthia, the ladie of the sea, . 

'“ Which from her presence faultlesse him debarr’ d. 
“« And ever and anon with singults rife, — 

‘** He eryed out, to make his under song,’ rr 
+ Ah my love's queene, ‘and goddesse of my life, =” 
‘© Who shall me pitie, when sive dost me'wrong.” = 


: hi 


That the colouring of this picture. i is not phi Weer 
appears from Ralegh’s own words, and. also from avery 
curious letter written by Arthur. bait and, ie 
alluded end, 

Ina letter, written, by Ralegh to Cecil, in July: 1699, 
and, as it should seem, on the day when he was sent’ to the 
Tower, are the following passages: 

_ “ My heart was never broken till this day, that I deat 
the Queen goes away so farr of [on her progress], whom 
I have followed so, many years with so great dove and 
desire, in so. many journeys, and am now left behind: her 


in a dark prison all alone. When she was at hand, that 


I might hear of her once in two or three dayes, my sorrowes 
were the lesse; but even now my heart is cast into the 
depth of all misery. J that was wont to behold her riding 
like Alexander, hunting like Diana, walking \like Venus, 
the gentle wind blowing her hair about her pure cheeks, like 
a nymph ; sometimes sitting in the, shade, like a goddess ; 
sometimes singing like an angel; sometimes. playing (like 
Orpheus; behold the sorrow of this world, once [one], amiss 
hath bereaved me of all..... All those times past, the loves, 
the sythes, the sorrows, the desires, can. they not weigh 
down one frail misfortune! Cannot, one drop of gall be 
hidden in so great heaps of sweetness? I may then con- 
clude, spes et fortuna, valete.” 


APPENDIX. ; 577 


Mr. Gorge’s letter to Sir Robert Cecil, on this subject, 
is so curious, and so well illustrates Spenser’s verses, that I 
shall give it entire. Dr. Birch says, “ it has no date of 
month or year, but the indorsement is 26th July.” The ea 
indorsement, however, in the copy in the Museum (MSS. 
Birch, 4106) is as follows: “ Mr. A. Gorge’s letter to 
my Mr. July 26, 1592;” which doubtless was written 
by Cecil’s secretary. This letter was written five days 
before that above quoted, while Ralegh was in the 
custody of Sir George Carew (afterwards Earl of Totness), 
then Lieutenant-General of the Ordnance: ¢ « 4. G0) © 4. os, fe 
* Honorable Sir, 
“IT cannot chuse but advertise you of a straunge tra- 
gedye, that this day had lyke to have fallen oute betweene 
the Captayne of the Guarde, and the Lyvetennant of the 
Ordenaunce, if I had not by greate chaunce cummen at » — fatesidl; 
the very instant to have turned it into a comedye. For 
uppon the report of her Majestyes being at Sir George 
Carey’s 9, Sir W. Rawly having gazed and syghed a long 
tyme att his study-wyndow, from whence he myght dis- atone oy 
cerne the barges and boates about the Black-fryars oo POT - 
stayers, soodaynly he brake owte into a greate distemper, “-~- ~ @<~ 
and sware, that hys enemyes had of purpose brought hyr AVE 
majestye thether, to breake his gaule in sounder with Tan- 
talus’ torments, that, when shee went away he myght see hys 
death before his eyes: with many such lyke .conceyts. 
And as a mann transported with passion, he sware to 
Sir George Carew, that he wolde disguyse hyme selfe, and 
gett into a payer of oares, to ease his mynde but with a 
syght of the Queene, or els he protested his harte wolde 
breake. But the trusty Jaylor wold non of that, for dis- 
pleasing ' the higher powers, as he sayde, which he more 
respected than the feeding of hys humor: and so flatly 


9 The eldest son of Lord Hunsden. 


' i. e. for fear of displeasing, &c 
VOL, II. 2P 


578 APPENDIX. 


refused to permitt hym. But in conclusion, uppon the 
dispute, they fell flatt owte to colloryq outragious 
wordes, with streyning and struggling att the doores, 
that all lamenes was forgotten, and, in the fury of the 
~conflyct, the jaylor he had hys newe perwygg torne of 
[off] his crowne; and yet heare the battle ended not, for 
at laste they had gotten owte theyr daggers: which when 
I sawe, I played the styckler betweene theme, and so 


* purchased such a rapp on the knockles, that I wysht both 


theyr pates broken: and so with much adoo they stayed 
theyre brawle, to see my bloodyed fyngers. Att. the 
fyrste, I was ready to breake with laughinge, to see 
theme too so scamble and brawle lyke mad menn, untyll 
I sawe the iron walkinge; and then I did my best to 
apease the fury. As yet I canot reconcyle them by any 
perswasions, for Sir. Walt. sweares, that, he shall hate 
hyme for so restrayning hyme from the syght, of his 
mistress, whylst he lyves; for that he knowes not (as he 
sayd) whether ever he shall see hyr agayne, when she is 
goane the Progress. And Sir Georg on hys syde, swares, 
that he had rather he should lose hys longinge, then that 
he wolde draw on hym hyr Majesties displeasure by such 
libertie. Thus they contynew in mallyce and snarlynge ; 
but Lam sure all the smarte lyghted on me. I cannot tell 
wheare [whether] I should more alowe [approve] of the 
passionate lover, or the trusty jaylor. But yf your selfe 
had seene it as I,dyd, yow wold haye byne as hartely 
merry and sorry as. ever yow weare in all your lyfe, for so 
short a tyme. I praye yow pardon my hasty wrytten 
narration, which I acquaynt yow with, hoping yow will be 
the peace-maker. But, good sir, let. no body knowe 
theareof, for I feare Sir W. Rawly wyll shortely growe to 
be Orlando Furioso, if the bryght Angelyca perseyer 
agaynst hyme a lyttle longer. 
“ Your Honors humbly to be commanded, 

_ “A. Gorces. 

“ London in haste, this Wensdaye.” , 64 2-9 ae srg+/ 
oh te 


ye, 


APPENDIX. 579 


- From the following postscript, added on a slip of paper, 
and fastened by wax to the letter, it appears that the 
writer’s principal object was, that it should be shown to 
the Queen, in order to serve Ralegh, who was his kins- 
man: 

“Hf you let the Qs. Majestié know heareof, as you 
thinek good, so be it; but otherwyse, good Sir, keepe it 
secrett, for theyr credyttes, for they know not of my 
discourse, which I could wyshe her Majestie knewe.” 

It remains only to add a few words concerning Ralegh’s 
poetry: Puttenham, in 1589, says, “ for dittie and 
amorous ode I finde Sir bth sored Raleyghs vayne most 
loftie insolent and passionate ;” and in another place he 
classes him in “ the crewe of courtly makers, noblemen 
and gentlemen of her Majesties own servauntes, who 
have written’ excellently well, as it would appeare, if their 
doings could be found out and made publicke with the 
rest.” Of the doings of Raleghin this way, very few 
remain; but yet more than is generally known. It is ex- 
traordinary that his Cynthia, a poem written expressly in 
honour of Elizabeth, should not have been preserved. It 
is alluded to: by Spenser, in his’ letter expounding the 
schenie of the Faery Queen, and again more particularly 
mentioned in the conclusion of his verses addressed to 
Ralegh, at the end of the third book of that poem: 
Gabriel Harvey, in his MSS notes on Chaucer, already 


’ quoted, denominates Ralegh’s Cynthia, “a fine and 


~ sweet invention.” Puttenham, in p. 168, and elsewhere, 


has quoted lines from some of Ralegh’s' ditties. The 
little poem, entitled sometimes The Farewell, and some- 
times The Lie, beginning—* Go, soul, the body’s guest,” 
which! has: been attributed to Ralegh, I believe, first 


- appeared'in Davison’s Poetical Rhapsody, 1608 ; but it is 


not’ subscribed’ with even the initial letters’ of his names. 
It may, therefore, be doubted whether it’ be his. Who- 
soever was its author, it must have been written as early 


_ as 1595, for a manuscript: copy of it with that date is in 


Peg 


[ 


580 APPENDIX. 


my possession. On the other hand, the poem sub- 
scribed W. R., and published by Davison, in the first edi- 
tion of the same miscellany, 1602, beginning with the 
words—“ Conceipt begotten by the eyes,” and the verses 
prefixed to the translation of Lucan, by his friend Sir 
Arthur Gorges, folio, 1614, and subscribed with the 
same initial letters, were doubtless written by Ralegh. 
Among the epitaphs on Sir Philip Sidney, collected by 
Spenser at the close of his Astrophel, that which com- 
mences “ To praise thy life or waile thy worthie death,” 
was certainly Sir Walter’s production, as appears from 
the notes subjoined to the 16th book of Harrington’s 
translation -of Ariosto: ‘‘ Our English Petrarche, Sir 
Philip Sidney, or, as Sir Walter Ralegh in his Epitaph 
worthely calleth him, ‘ the Scipio and the Petrarche of 
our time,” &c. See the last stanza of the epitaph in ques- 
tion. Indeed, the authors of all the anonymous epitaphs 
on Sidney, subjoined to Spenser’s Astrophel, may, in like 
manner, be ascertained. The first epitaph, by Clorinda, 
as Spenser himself intimates, was written by Mary 
Countess of Pembroke. The second, entitled The Mour- 
ning Muse of Thestylis, was written at Dublin, in 1587, 
by Spenser’s friend, Lodowick Bryskett, the initial letters 


'» of whose names are subscribed to the following Aglogue, 
_ with the same motto, which is prefixed to his Trea- 


: tise of Civil Life, 4to. 1606. See also an entry in the 


Stationers’ books, by John Wolfe, in 1587 : “ The Mourn- 
full Muses of Lod. Bryskett upon the Death of the most — 
‘noble Sir Phillip Sidney, Knight.” The third anonymous 
epitaph, beginning—“ As then no wind at all there blew,” 
was the production of Mathews Roydon, a poet who was 
living in 1611 (see Davies’s Scourge of Folly, p. 201), and 
whose “ comick inventions” are highly praised by 
Nashe, in his epistle prefixed to Greene’s Menaphon, 4to. 
1589, ad finem, where there is a reference to this elegy. 
The fourth, we have seen, is Sir Walter Ralegh’s; and the 
fifth, beginning, “ Silence augmenteth grief, writing en- 


APPENDIX. 581 


creaseth rage,” may be safely attributed to Sir Edward 
Dyer. It had previously appeared in a miscellany enti- 
tled The Pheenix Nest, 4to. 1593, where it is said to be 
“ excellently written by a most worthy gentleman.” He 
was an intimate friend of Sidney; and these verses were 
evidently dictated by sincere grief and affection. The 
measure, too, is that which Dyer has employed in other 
compositions *, 


+ As little of Dyer’s poetry is generally known, I have annexed 
the following not unfavourable specimen transcribed by Mr, 
Malone from Rawlinson’s MSS, in the Bodleian, compared with 
another copy in the Ashmolean Museum: : ’ 

“* He that his mirth hath lost whose comforte is dismayde, 

“ Whose hope is vayne, whose fayth is scornde, whose trust is 

all betrayde, 

“If he have held them deere, and cannot cease to moane, 

“ Come let him take his place by me, he shall not rue alone. 

“ Butt if the smallest sweete be mixte with all his soure 

“If in the daye, the month, the yeere he feele one lightninge 

howre. 

‘* Then rest he by him selfe he is no mate for me 

“ Whose hope is falne, whose succour voyde whose hap his 

death must be 

** Yet not the wished death which hath no playnt nor lack, 

** Which makynge free the better part is only nature’s wracke. 

“Oh no; that were too good;' my death is of the mynde 

** Which bringes allwayes the extremest paynes and leaves the 

worst behynde f. 
re ee ee ee 

*« The solytarye woodes my cytye shall become, 

«The darkest den shall be my lodge wherein I'll rest or run f. 

** Of hebon blacke my boorde, the wormes my feast shall be, 

«* Wherwith my carcase shall be fedd untyll they feed on me. 


t MS. A. “ Which allwayes oases extremest paynes yet keepes 
the worst behynde. 
t MS. A. ** Wherein no light shall come.” 


582 APPENDIX. 


* My wine of Niobe * my bed the craggy rocke, 
‘*The serpents hiss.my harmonye, the skrychyng owlle my 
gocke. 
*t My exercise nought else but raging agonies, 
“ My bookes of spytefull fortunes spoylles and dreerye tragedyens * 
** My walk the pathes of plaint, my prospect into hell, 
“Where wretched Sysiphe and his pheeres i in endless paynes 
do dwell. 
“* And thoughe Iseeme to use the poets’ fayned style, 
“To figure forth my wofull plight, my fall and my exile. 
“* Yet is my woe not faynde, wherein I sterye and pyne 3) 
“Who feeleth most, shall finde his least comparing his with 
mnyne. 
“« My Songe, if any aske—“‘ whose grievous case is such ?” 
“ Dyer then let his name be knowne; his folly showes to 
muche. 
“ Butt best 'twere thee to hide, and never come to lyght, 
“ For in the world can none but I thye accents sound aright.” 
Miserum est fuisse, 
E. Dier. 
Finis. 


* i, e. tears. 


- SHAKSPEARE’S COAT OF ARMS. _ 
a eee 


The following Instrument‘ is copied from the Original ~~ 4 ~“” 
in the College of Heralds: It is marked G 13, p. 349, 

“To all and singuler noble and gentlemen of all estats 
and degrees, bearing arms, to whom these presents shall 
come, Witham Dethick, Garter, Principall King of Arms 
of England, and William Camen, alias Clarencieulx, 
King of Arms for the south, east, and west parts of this 
realme, sendethe greeting. Know ye, that in all nations 
and kingdoms the record and remembraunce of the valeant 
facts and vertuous dispositions of worthie men haye been 
made knowne and divulged by ‘certeyne shields of arms 
and tokens of chevalrie; the grant and testimonie whereof 
apperteyneth unto us, by vertu of our offices from the 
Quenes most Exc. Majestie, and her Highenes most 
noble and victorious progenitors: wherefore being soli- 
cited, and by credible report informed, that John Shak- 
speare, now of Stratford-upon-Avon, in the counte of 
Warwick, gent. whose parent, great grandfather, and late 
antecessor, for his faithefull and approved service to the 
late most prudent prince, king Henry VII. of famous 


1 In the Herald’s Office are the first draughts of Jolin Shak- 
Speare’s grant or confifmation of arms, by William Dethick, 
Garter, Principal King at Arms, 1596, See Vircent’s Press, 
vol. 157, No. 28, and 4. Stervens. 

In a Manuscript in the College of Heralds, marked W: 2. 
p: 276, is the following note: “ As for the speare in bend, itis a 
patible difference, and the person to whom it was granted hath 
borne magistracy; and was justice of peace at Stratford-upon- 
Avon. He married the daughter and heire of Arderne, and was 
able to’ maintain that estate.” Martone. 


S 5 


584 SHAKSPEARE’S COAT OF ARMS. 


memorie, was advaunced and rewarded with lands and 
tenements, geven to him in those parts of Warwickshere, _ 
where they have continewed by some descents in good 
reputacion and credit; and for that the said John Shak- 
speare having maryed the daughter and one of the heyrs 
of Robert Arden of Wellingcote, in the said countie, and 
also produced this his auncient cote of arms, heretofore 
assigned to him whilest he was her Majesties officer and 
baylefe of that towne *: In consideration of the premisses, 
and for the encouragement of his posteritie, unto whom 
suche blazon of arms and achievements of inheritance — 
from theyre said mother, by the auncyent custome and 
lawes of arms, maye lawfully descend; We the said 
Garter and Clarencieulx have assigned, graunted, and by 
these presents exemplefied unto the said John Shakspeare, 
and to his posteritie, that shield and cote of arms, viz. 
In a field of gould upon a bend sables a speare of the 


_ first, the poynt upward, hedded argent ; and for his crest 
’ or cognizance, A falcon with his wyngs displayed, stand- 


ing ona wrethe of his coullers, supporting a speare armed 
hedded, or steeled sylver, fyxed uppon a helmet with mantell 


4£/. and tassels, as more playnely maye appeare depected on 


this margent: and we have likewise uppon on other 
escutcheon impaled the same with the auncyent arms of 
the said Arden? of Wellingcote; signifieng therby, that 
it maye and shalbe lawfull for the said John Shakspeare — 


2 — his auncient cote of arms, heretofore assigned: to him 
whilest he was her Majesties officer and baylefe of that towne ;} 
This grant of arms was made by Robert Cook, Clarencieux, in 
1569, but is not now extant in the Herald’s Office. Martone. 

3 — and we have likewise—impaled the same with the aun- 
cyent arms of the said Arden—] It is said by Mr. Jacob, the 
modern editor of Arden of Feversham (first published in 1592 
and republished in 1631 and 1770) that Shakspeare descended by 
the female line from the gentleman whose unfortunate end is the 


_ subject of this tragedy. But the assertion appears to want sup- 


| 


CONVEYANCE TO SHAKSPEARE, 585 


gent. to beare and use the same shield of arms, single or 
impaled, as aforsaid, during his natural lyffe ; and that it 
shalbe lawfull for his children, yssue, and posteryte, 
(lawfully begotten,) to beare, use, and quarter, and show 
forth the same, with theyre dewe differences, in all law- 
full warlyke facts and civile use or exercises, according 
to the laws of arms, and custome that to gentlemen 
belongethe, without let or interruption of any person or 
persons, for use or bearing the same. In wyttnesse and 
testemonye whereof we have subscrebed our names, and 
fastened the seals of our offices, geven at the Office of 
Arms, London, the day of in the xlii 
yere of the reigne of our most gratious Sovraigne lady 
Elizabeth, by the grace of God, quene of Ingland, France, 
and Ireland, defender of the faith, &c. 1599.” 


CONVEYANCE FROM WALKER TO SHAKSPEARE, 
March 10, 1612-13. 


This Indenture made the tenthe day of Marche, in the 
yeare of our Lord God according to the computacdn of 
the church of England one thousand six hundrede and 
twelve, and in the yeares of the reigne of our sovereigne 
Lord James by the grace of God king of England, 
Scotland ffraunce and Ireland, defender of the faith, &c. 
that is to saie, of England, ffraunce and Ireland the tenth, 
and of Scotland the six and fortith: Betweene Henry 


port, the true name of the person who was murdered at Feversham 

being Ardern and not Arden. Ardern might be called Arden in 

the play for the sake of better sound, or might be corrupted in 

the Chronicle of Holinshed: yet it is unlikely that the true 

spelling should be overlooked among the Heralds, whose interest 

it is to recommend by ostentatious accuracy the trifles in which >, 7 9 ha fh 

they deal. Srzevens. fe fxm Bes 
Ardern was the original name, but in Shakspeare’s time it had “ 

* been softened to Arden. Matone, 


ant pf +9 


586 peewee 6 os nr repens 


» Walkie Citas of Lodonk cai Minatrel of Londonvof 
thone partie, and William amen of Stratforde 
Upon Avon in the countie of Warwick gentleman, Wil- 

- liam Johnson citizein and Vintner of London, John Jack- 

son and John Hemyng of London gentlemen, on thother 
ptie: Witnesseth, that the said Henry Walker for and 
in consideracon of the some of one hundred and fortie 
pounds of lawful money of England to him in hand before 
thensealing hereof by the said William Shakespeare well 
and trulie paid, whereof and wherew™ hee the said Henry 
Walker doth acknowledge himselfe fully satisfied and 
contented, and thereof and of every part or parcell thereof 
doth cleerlie acquite and discharge the saide William 
Shakespeare, his heires, executors, admistrators, and 
assignes, and every of them, by these pnts hath. bar- 
gayned and soulde, and by theis pnts doth fullie cleerlie 
and absolutlie bargayne and sell vnto the said William 
Shakespeare, William Johnson, John Jackson, and John 
Hemyng, theire heires and assignes for ever, All that 
dwelling house or Tenement w" thappurtenanes situate 
and being w‘hin the Precinct Circuit and Compasse of 
the late black fryers London, sometymes in the tenure 
of James Gardyner Esqui™, and since that in the tenure 
of John ffortescue gent. and now or late being in the 
tenure or occupacdn of one William Ireland or of his 
assignee or assignes; abutting vpon a streete leading 
downe to Puddle Wharffe on the east part, right against 
> the kings Maiesties Wardrobe; part of w™ said Tenement 
is erected over a great gate leading to a Capitall Mesuage 
w" sometyme was in the tenure of William Blackwell 
Esqui® deceased, and since that in the tenure or oceu+ 
pacon of the right Honorable Henry now Earl of Not+ 
thumberland. And also all that plott of ground on the 
west side of the same Tenement w was lately inclosed 
w'" boords on two sides thereof by Ane Bacon, widowe, 
soe farre and in such sdrté as the same was iticloséd by 
the said Anne Bacon, and not otherwise; and being on 
fh formas i acted 6 fi ea eee 
WAS ; Bn so ee Fa h.i kan: deta 
KK eas a8 awh ee fiw Li p= tn — 
BP Latun ghee ee EE TE EB eC 


a ffir os , Ennhrn, Jr + X toate 


CONVEYANCE TO SHAKSPEARE. 587 


the thirde side inclosed w an olde Brick wall; Which 
said plott of ground was sometyme parcell and taken out 
of a great voide peece of ground lately vsed for a garden ; 
and also the soyle whereyppon the said Tenement stand- 
eth, and also the said Brick wall and boords w doe 
inclose the said plott of ground: With free entrie, accesse, 
ingresse, egresse, and regresse, in by and through the 
said greate gate and yarde there vnto the vsual dore of 
the said Tenement; And also all and singuler cello's, 
sollers, romes, lights, easiaments, profitts, comodities, 
and hereditaments whatsoever, to the said dwelling house 
or Tenement belonging or in any wise app’teyning; And 
the reversion and reversions whatsoever of all and singuler 
the premisses, and of every parcell thereof; And also all 
rents, and yearlie profitts whatsoever reserved and from 
hensforth to growe due and paiable vpon whatsoever lease, 
dimise or graunt, leases dimises or graunts, made of the 
premisses or of any parcell thereof, And also all the 
state, right, title, interest, propertie, vse, possession, 
clayme, and demaunde-whatsoever w™ hee the said Henry 
Walker now hath, or of right may, might, should, or 
| ought to have, of in or to the premisses or any parcell 
: thereof; And also all and every the deeds, evidencs, 
| charters, escripts, miniments, & writings whatsoever w 
hee the said Henry Walker now hath, or any other person 
or persons to his vse have or hath, or which hee may 
lawfullie come by w‘hout suite in the lawe, which touch 
[ or concerne the premisses oulie, or onlie any part or parcell 
; thereof, Together w" the true coppies of all such deeds, 
evidencs, and writings as concerne the premisses (amounge 
other things) to bee written and taken out at the onlie 
costs and charg* of the said William Shakespeare his 
heires or assignes. Which said dwelling house or Tene- 
ment, and other the premisses above by theis prnts men- 
coned to bee bargayned and soulde the saide Henry 
Walker late purchased and had to him his heires and 
assignes for ever of Mathie Bacon of Graies Inne in the 


pee foman’ Of 
9 SE Sho “*, “fh 

whe After 
CH A~-4 Sex, 


aa Ts 
Ga Pee 


588 CONVEYANCE TO SHAKSPEARE. 


Countie of Midd gentleman, by Indenture bearing date 
the fifteenth day of October in the yeare of our Lord god 
one thousand six hundred and fower, and in the yeares of 
the reigne of our said Sovereigne Lord king James of his 
realmes of England ffraunce and Ireland the second, and 
of Scotland the eight and thirtith: To have and to holde 
the said dwelling house or Tenement, shopps, cello's, 
sollers, plott of ground and all and singuler other the 
premisses above by theis pntes mencdned to bee bargayned 
and soulde and every part and parcell thereof w™ thappur- 
tenants, vnto the said William Shakespeare, William 
Johnson, John Jackson, and John Hemyng, their heires 
and assignes for ever: To thonlie & proper vse and behoofe 
of the said William Shakespeare, William Johnson, John 
Jackson, and John Hemyng, their heires and assignes for 
ever. And the said Henry Walker for himselfe, his heires, 
executo's, administrato's, and assignes, and for every of 
them, doth Covenant, promise and graunt to and w™ the 
said William Shakespeare his heires and assignes by theis 
pites in forme following, that is to saie, That hee the 
said Henry Walker his heires, executo's administrato's or 
assignes shall and will cleerlie acquite, exonerate, and 
discharge or otherwise from tyme to tyme and at all tymes 
hereafter well and sufficientlie save and keepe harmles the 
said William Shakespeare his heires and assignes and 
every of them of for and concernyng the bargayne and 
sale of the premisses, and the said bargayned premisses 
and every part and parcell thereof w thappurtenancs of 
and from all and almanner of former bargaynes, sales, 
guifts, graunts, leases, statuts, Recognizauncs, Joynters, 
dowers, intailes, lymittacdn and lymittacdns of vse and 
vses, extents and judgments, execucdns, Annuities, and 
of and from all and every other charg‘ titles and incum- 
brancs whatsoever, wittinglie and wilfullie had, made 
comitted, suffered, or donne by him the said Henrye 
Walker or any other under his authoritie or right, before 
thensealing and deliverye of theis pnts; Except the rents 


CONVEYANCE TO SHAKSPEARE. 589 


and services to the Cheefe Lord or Lords of the fee or fees 
of the premisses from hensforth, for or in respecte of his 
or their seigniorie or seigniories onlie to be due and donne. 
And further the saide Henry Walker for himselfe his 
heires executo's and administrato’s and for every of them, 
doth covenant, promisse and graunt to and w" the said 
William Shakespeare, his heires and assignes, by theis 
pntes in forme following; that is to saie, That for and 
notw" standing any acte or thing donne by him the said 
Henry Walker to the Contrary, hee the said William 
Shakespeare his heires and assignes shall or lawfullie maye 
peaceablie & quietlie have, holde, occupie and enioye the 
said dwelling house or Tenement, Cello's Sollers and all 
and singuler other the premisses above by theis pntes 
menconed to bee bargayned and soulde and every part and 
parcell thereof w“ thappurtenances, and the rents yssues 
and profitts thereof and of every part and parcell thereof 
to his and their owne vse receave perceave take and enioye 
from hensforth forever wthout the lett troble eviccén or 
interrupc6n of the said Henry Walker his heires executo's 
or administrato's or any of them, or of or by any other 
person or persons w® have or may before the date hereof 
pretende to have any lawfull estate, righte, title, vse, or 
interest, in or to the premisses or any parcell thereof, by 
from or under him the said Henry Walker. And also 
that hee the said Henry Walker and his heires and all 
and every other person and persons and their heires which 
have or that shall lawfullie and rightfullie have or clayme 
to have any lawfull and rightfull estate, right, title, or 
interest, in or to the premisses or any parcell thereof, by 
from or vnder the said Henry Walker, shall and will from 
tyme to tyme & at all tymes fromhensforth for and during 
the space of three yeares now next ensuing at or vpon the 
reasonable request and costs and charg* in the lawe of the 
said William Shakespeare his heires and assignes doe 
make knowledge and suffer to bee donne made and know- 
ledge all and every such further lawfull and reasonable 


590 CONVEYANCE TO SHAKSPEARE. 


acte and acts, thing and things, devise and devises in thé 
law whatsoever, for the conveying of the premises, bee 
it by deed or deeds inrolled or not inrolled, inrolment of 
theis pnts, fyne, feoffament, recoverye, release, confit- 
macon, or otherwise, w warrantie of the said Henry 
Walker and his heires against him the said Henry Walker 
and his heires onlie, or otherwise wthout warrantie, or by 
all any or as many ofthe wayes meanes and devises afore- 
said, as by the said William Shakespeare his heires or 
assignes or his or their Councell learned in the lawe shalbee 
reasonablie devised or advised, for the further, better, and 
more perfect assurance suertie suermaking and conveying 
of all and singuler the premisses and every parcell thereof 
w'" thappurtenancs vnto the said William Shakespeare his 
heires and assignes forever to th’use and in forme afore= 
said, And further that all and every fyne and fynies to’ be 
levyed, recoveryes to:be suffered, estats, and’ assuranes 
at any tyme or tymes hereafter to: bee had made executed 
or passed by or betweene the said parties of the premisses 
or of any parcell thereof, shalbee, and shalbee esteemed, 
adiudged, deemed, and taken to bee, to th’ onlie and 
‘proper vse and behoofe of the said William Shakespeare, 
his heires, and assignes. forever; and to none other’ vse, 
intent or purpose. In witnesse whereof the said parties 
to theis Jndentures Jnterchaungablie have’ sett their 
seales. Yeoven the day and yeares first above written. 
William 


chabeean W™. Johnson. Jo: Jackson. 


Sealed and delivered by the said William Shakespeare, 
William Johnson, and John Jackson in the pnee of Will: 
Atkinson 

Ed: Ouery 
Robert Andrewes' Ser. 
Henry Lawrence servant to the'same Ser, 


—_—~ 


C~erens 


MORTGAGE MADE BY SHAKSPEARE, 
A. D. 1612-13. 


Tue following is a transcript of another deed executed 
by our author three years before his death. The original 
deed, which was found in the year 1768, among the title 
deeds of the Rev. Mr. Fetherstonhaugh, of Oxted, in the 
county of Surry, is now in the possession of Mrs. Garrick, 
by whom it was obligingly transmitted to me through the 
hands of the Hon, Mr. Horace Walpole. Much has 
lately been said in various publications relative to the 
proper mode of spelling Shakspeare’s name. It is hoped 
we shall hear no more idle babble upon this subject. He 
spelt his name himself as I have just now written it, with- 
out the middle e. Let this therefore for ever decide the 
question. 

‘It should be remembered that to all ancient deeds were 
appended labels of parchment, which were inserted at the 
bottom of the deed; on the upper part of which labels 
thus rising above the rest of the parchment, the executing 
parties wrote their names. Shakspeare, not finding room 
for the whole of his name on the label, attempted to 
write the remaining letters at top, but having allowed 
himself only room enough to write the letter a, he gave 
the matter up. His hand-writing, of which a fac-simile is 
annexed, is much neater than many others, which I have 
seen, of that age. He neglected, however, to scrape the 
parchment, in consequence of which the letters appear 
imperfectly formed. 

He purchased the estate here mortgaged, from Henry 
Walker, for 140/. as appears from the enrolment of the 
deed of bargain and sale now in the Rolls-Chapel, dated 
the preceding day, March 10, 1612-13. [See the preced- 
ing article.]_ The deed here printed shows that he paid 
down eighty pounds of the purchase-money, and mort- 


592 MORTGAGE MADE BY SHAKSPEARE. 


gaged the premises for the remainder. This deed and the 
purchase deed were probably both executed on the same 
day (March 10), like our modern conveyance of Lease and 
Release. MALONE. 


“This Indenture made the eleventh day of March, in 
the yeares of the reigne of our Sovereigne Lorde James, 
by the grace of God, king of England, Scotland, Fraunce, 
and Ireland, defender of the Faith, &c. that is to say, of 
England, Fraunce and Ireland the tenth, and of Scotland 
the six-and-fortieth ; Between William Shakespeare of 
Stratford-upon-Avon, in the Countie of Warwick, gentle- 
man, William Johnson, Citizen and Vintener of London, 
John Jackson, and John Hemyng of London, gentleman, 
of thone partie, and Henry Walker, Citizen and Min- 
strell of London, of thother partie ; Witnesseth, that the 
said William Shakespeare, William Johnson, John Jack- 
son, and John Hemyng, have demised, graunted, and to 
ferme letten, and by theis presents do demise, graunt, and 
to ferme lett unto the said Henry Walker, all that dwelling 
house or tenement, with thappurtenaunts, situate and 
being within the precinct, circuit and compasse of the 
late Black ffryers, London, sometymes in the tenure of James 
Gardyner, Esquire, and since that in the tenure of John 
Fortescue, gent, and now or late being in the tenure or 
occupation of one William Ireland, or of his assignee or 
assignees ; abutting upon a streete leading downe ‘to 
Puddle Wharfe, on the east part, right against the kings 
Majesties Wardrobe; part of which said tenement is erected 
over a greate gate leading to a capitall messuage, which 
sometyme was in the tenure of William Blackwell, 
Esquire, deceased, and since that in the tenure or occupa- 
tion of the right honourable Henry now Earle of Northum- 
berlande: And also all that plott of ground on the west 
side of the said tenement, which was lately inclosed with 
boords on two sides thereof, by Anne Baton, widow, so 
farre and in such sorte as the same was inclosed by the 


MORTGAGE MADE BY SHAKSPEARE. 593° 


said Anne Baton, and not otherwise ; and being on the 
third side inclosed with an old brick wall; which said 
plott of ground was’sometyme parcell and taken out of a 
great voyde peece of ground lately used for a garden ; 
and also the soyle whereupon the said tenement standeth; 
and also the said brick wall and boords which doe inclose 
the said plott of ground ; with free entrie, accesse, in- 
gresse, and regresse, in, by, and through, the said great 
gate and yarde there, unto the usual dore of the said tene- 
ment: And also all and singular cellors, sollers, romes, 
lights, easiaments, profitts, commodities, and appurte- 
naunts whatsoever to the said dwelling-house or tenement 
belonging or in any wise apperteyning: to have and 
to holde the said dwelling-house or tenement, cellers, 
sollers, romes, plott of ground, and all and singular other 
the premisses above by theis presents mentioned to bee 
demised, and every part and parcell thereof, with thap- 
purtenaunts, unto the said Henry Walker, his executors, 
administrators, and assignes, from the feast of thannun- 
ciacion of the blessed Virgin Marye next coming after the 
date hereof, unto thende and terme of One hundred yeares 
from thence next ensuing, and fullie to be compleat and 
ended, withoute impeachment of, or for, any manner of 
waste: yelding and paying therefore yearlie during the 
said terme unto the said William Shakespeare, William 
Johnson, John Jackson, and John Hemyng, their heires 
and assignes, a pepper corne at the feast of Easter yearly, 
yf the same be lawfullie demaunded, and noe more, 
provided alwayes, that if the said William Shake- 
speare, his heires, executors, administrators or assignes, 
or any of them, doe well and truelie paie or cause to be 
paid to the said Henry Walker, his executors, administra- 
tors or assigns, the sum of threescore pounds of lawfull 
money of England, in and upon the nyne and twentieth 
day of September next coming after the date hereof, at, 
or in, the nowe dwelling-house of the said Henry Walker, 
VOL. Il. 2a 


594 MORTGAGE MADE BY SHAKSPEARE. 


: situate and being in the parish of Saint Martyn neer 
. Ludgate, of London, at one entier payment without 
delaie ; That then and from thenesforth this presente lease, 
demise and graunt, and all and every matter and thing 
herein conteyned (other then this. provisoe) shall cease, 
determine, and bee utterlie voyde, frustrate, and of none 
effect, as though the same had never beene had, ne made; 
theis presents or any thing therein conteyned to the con- 
trary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. And the said 
William Shakespeare for himselfe, his heires, executors, 
and administrators, and for every of them, doth cove- 
naunt, promisse and graunt to, and with, the said Henry 
Walker, his executors, administrators, and assignes, and 
everie of them, by theis presentes, that he the said 
William Shakespeare, his heires, executors, administrators 
or assignes, shall and will cleerlie acquite, exonerate and 
discharge, or from tyme to tyme, and at all tymes here- 
after, well and sufficientlie save and keepe harmless the 
said Henry Walker, his executors, administrators, and 
assignes, and every of them, and the said premisses by 
theis presents demised, and every parcell thereof, with 
thappurtenaunts, of and from all and al manner of former 
and other bargaynes, sales, guiftes, graunts, leases, join- 
tures, dowers, intailes, statuts, recognizaunces, judg- 
ments, executions ; and of, and from, all and every other 
charge, titles, troubles, and incumbrances whatsoever by 
the said William Shakespeare, William Johnson, John 
Jackson, and John Hemyng, or any of them, or by their or 
any of their meanes, had made, committed or done, 
before thensealing and delivery of theis presents, or here- 
after before the said nyne and twentieth day of September 
next comming after the date hereof, to bee had, made, 
committed or done, except the rents and servits to the 
cheef lord or lords of the fee or fees of the premisses, for, 


or in respect of, his or their segnorie or seignories onlie, 
to bee due and done. 


ETT 


SPR er 


eS aT a 


rare 


INDI fy 2) G be) WAL: , 
; or Yf pave ae 7, 9 ia th “2a ae 
ha pasta eis PF, f? Vi $ ypobeiys q coanafayoyy” 


- SSS 


&724 909-7 220f OF 


TRUST BY JOHN HEMINGES, ~ 595 


| “‘ In witnesse whereof the said parties to theis inden- 
. tures interchangeablie have sett their seales. Yeoven the 
day and years first above written, 1612 [1612-13,]. 


A 
* W" Suaxspe. W"Jounson. Jo. Jackson. 
- Ensealed and delivered by the 
said William Shakespeare, 
| William Johnson, and John 
\ _ Jackson ?, in the presence of 
“Witt. ATKINSON. Rosert ANpReEws, Ser.3 2 


» “Ep. Oupry. Heyry /Lawrence, Ser- Y ae : 


He vant to the said Scr. 


Foe 


: 


DECLARATION OF TRUST BY JOHN HEMINGES 
| AND OTHERS, Feb. 10, 1617-18. 


‘This indenture made the tenth day of ffebruary in 
the yeres of the reigne of our sovereigne Lord James, by 
e grace of God kinge of England Scotland ffraunce and 
eland, defender of the faith, Se. Thatis to say, of Eng- 
ad, ffraunce, and Ireland, the fifteenth, and of Scotland 
the one and fiftith; Between John Jackson and John 7 , 
mynge of London, gentlemen, and William Johnson, 
«ae Vintnier of London, of thone part, and John 
reene of Clements Inn in the County of Midd. gent, and 
atthew Morryes of Stretford vpon Avon in the County 
of Warwick gent. of thother part; Witnesseth, that 
the pif John Jackson, [ohn Hemynge, and William John- 

p, as well for and in performance. of the confidence and 
ist,in them reposed by William’ Shakespeare, deceased, 
e of Stretford aforesaid, gent., and to thend and intent 
at the lands tenem* and hereditam* hereafter in theis pits 
snecdned and expressed, may be conveyed and assured 
according to the true intent and meaning of the last will 


we. 
foo 


“2 John Heming did not sign, or seal. 
3 i, e. Scrivener. 


2e2 


596 TRUST BY JOHN HEMINGES. 


and testamt of the said William Shakespeare, and for the 
some of ffyve shillings of lawfull money of England to them 
payd, for and on behalf of Susanna Hall, one of the 
daughters of the said William Shakspeare and now wife 
of Iohn Hall of Stretford aforesaid gent. before then- 
sealling and deliury of theis pnts, Have aliened bargained 
sold and confirmed, and by theis pits doe and every of 
them doth fully cleerely and absolutely alien bargaine sell 
and confirme vnto the said Iohn Greene and Matthew 
Morry, their heires and assignes for ever, All that dwell- 
ing house or tenem' with thapp’tufts scituat and being 
within the precinct, circuite, and compase of the late 
Black-frieres, London, sometymes in the tenure of James 
Gardyner Esquier, and since that in the tenure of Iohn 
ffortescue gent, and+ nowor late being in the tenure or 
occupacén of one William Ireland or of his Assignee or 
Assignes, abutting vpon a street leadinge downe to 
Puddle Wharfe, on the east part, right against the kings 
Ma* warderobe, part of which tenemt is erected over a 
great gate leading to a capitall messuage which sometymes 
was in the tenure of William Blackwell Esquier deceased, 
and since that in the tenure ‘or occupacon of the right 
Hono” Henry Earle of Northumberland, And also all 
that plot of ground on the west side of the said tenem‘, 
which was lately inclosed with boords on twoe sides 
thereof by Anne Bacon widdow, soe farr and in such sort 
as the same was inclosed by the said Anne Bacon, and 
not otherwise; and being on the third side inclosed with 
an ould Brick wall; Which said plot of ground was 
sometymes parcell and taken out of a great peece of voyd 
ground lately vsed for a garden; And also the soyle 
wherevpon the said tenem' standeth; And also the said 


4 These words are merely copied from Walker's Conveyance to 
Shakspeare, in March, 1612-13. From a subsequent part of this 
deed it appears that John Robinson was now the tenant in pos- 
session, under a lease made to him by Shakspeare for a term of 
years. 


TRUST BY JOHN HEMINGES, 597 


Brickwall and boords which doe inclose the said plot of 
ground ; with free entry, access, ingres, egres, and regres, 
in by and through the said great gate and yard there vnto 
the vsuall dore of the said tenem*t; And also all and sin- 
guler cellars sollars roomes lights, easem" profitts como- 
dyties and hereditam* whatsoeuer to the said dwelling 
house or tenem' belonging or in any wise apperteyning, 
And the revercén and revercons whatsoever of all and sin- 
guler the premisses and of every parcell thereof; And also 
all rents and yerely profitts whatsoever reserued and from 
henceforth to grow due and payable vpon whatsoeuer 
lease demisse or graunt, leases demises or graunts, made 
of the premisses or any parcel thereof; And also all 
thestate, right, title, interest, property, vse, clayme, and 
demaund whatsoever, which they the said John Jackson, 
John Hemynge, and William Johnson, now have or any of 
them hath or of right may, might, shoold, or ought to 
have in the premises: To haue and to. holde the said 
dwelling howse or tenem‘, lights, cellers, sollers, plot of 
ground, and all and singuler other the premisses aboue by 
theis pits mencdned to be bargained and sold, and every 
part and parcell thereof, with thapp'tits, vnto the said 
John Green and Mathew Morrys their heires and assignes 
foreuer; To the vse and behoofes hereafter in theis pnts 
declared menconed expressed and lymitted, and to none 
other vse, behoofe, intent, or purpose: That is to say, to 
the vse and behoofe of the aforesaid Susanna Hall for 
and during the terme of her natural life, and after her de- 
ceas to the vse and behoofe of the first sonne of her 
body lawfully yssueing, and of the heires males of the body 
of the said first sonne lawfully yssueing; And for the 
want of such heires to the vse and behoofe of the second 
sonne of the body of the said Susanna lawfully yssueing, 
and of the heires males of the body of the said second sonne 
lawfully yssueing; and for want of such heires to the vse 
of the third sonne of the body of the said Susanna lawfully 
yssueing and of the heires males of the body of the said 
third son lawfully yssueing; And for want of such 


598 TRUST BY JOHN HEMINGES. 


heires to the vse and behoofe of the fowerth, fiveth, sixt, 
and seaventh sonnes of the body of the said Susanna 
lawfully yssueing, and of the severall heirs males of the 
severall bodyes of the said fowerth, fiveth, sixt, and 
seaventh sonnes, lawfully yssueing, in such manner as it 
is before lymitted to be and remeyne to the first, second, 
and third sonnes of the body of the said Susanna law- 
fully yssueing, and to their heires males as aforesaid ; 
And for default of such heires to the vse and behoofe of 
Elizabeth Hall daughter of the said Susanna Hall and of the 
heires males of her body lawfully yssueing ; and for de- 
fault of such heires to the vse and behoofe of Judyth Quiney 
- now wife of Thomas Quiney of Stretford aforesaid Vintner, 
one other of the daughters of the said William Shakespeare 
and of the heires males of the body of the said Judith 
lawfully yssueing ; And for default of such yssue to the vse 
and behoofe of the right heires of the said William Shake- 
speare forever. And the said John Jackson for himself, 
his heires, executors, admistrators and assignes, and for 
every of them, doth covenant, promise, and graunt, to and 
with the said John Green and Mathew Morrys and either 
of them, their or either of their heires and assignes, by 
these pnts, That he the said John Jackson, his heires, © 
executors, admistrs or assignes, shall and will from tyme 
to tyme and at all tymes hereafter within convenient tyme 
after every reasonable request to him or them made, well 
and sufficiently save and keepe harmeles the said bargained 
premisses and every part and parcell thereof, of and from 
all and all manner of former bargaines, sales, guifts, 
graunts, leases, statuts, recognizauncs, joynctures, dowers, 
intayles, vses, extents, iudgem* execudns, annewyties, 
and ofand from all other charges, titles, and incombraunes 
whatsoeuer, wittingly and willingly had, made, comitted, 
or done by him the said John Jackson alone, or joynctly 
with any other person or persons whatsoeuer ; Excepte the 
rente and servics to the Cheiffe Lord or Lords of the fee 
or fees of the premisses from henceforth to be due and of 
right accustomed to be done, And Except one lease and 


a 


cain heen babel 


TRUST BY JOHN HEMINGES. 599 


demise of the premisses with thapp'tnnes heretofore made 
by the said William Shakespeare, together with them the 
said John Jackson, John Hemynge, and William Johnson, 


‘vnto one John Robinson, now Tennant of the said pre- 


misses, for the terme of certen yeres yet to come and un- 
expired ; As by the same wherevnto relacén be had at 
large doth appeare. And the said John Hemynge for 
him self, his heires, executors, admistrators, and assignes, 
and for every of them, doth coveniit, promise, and graunt, 
to and with the said John Greene and Mathew Morrys, and 
either of them their and either of their heires and assignes, 
by theis préts, That he the said John Hemynge, his heires; 
executors, admistrators, or assignes, shall and will from 
tyme to tyme and at all tymes hereafter, within conve- 
nient tyme after every reasonable request, well and suffi- 
ciently save and keepe harmeles the said bargained pre- 
misses and every part and parcel thereof of and from all 
and all manner of former bargaines, sales, guifts, graunts, 
leases, statuts, recognizauncs, ioynctures, dowers, intayles, 
vses, extents, judgm“ execucéns, Annewyties, and of and 
from all other charges, titles, and incombraunces what- 
soever, wittingly and willingly had, made, comitted, or 
done by him the said John Hemynge alone, or ioynctly 
with any other person or persons whatsoeuer; Except the 
rentes and service to the Chieffe Lord or Lords of the fee 
or fees of the premisses from henceforth to be due and of 
right accustomed to be done, And except one lease and 
demise of the premisses with thapp'tnants heretofore 
made by the said William Shakspeare together with them 
the said John Jackson, John Hemyng and William John- 
son vnto one John Robinson, now Tennant of the said 
premisses, for the terme of certen yeres yet to come and 
vnexpired, As by the same wherevnto relac6n be had at 
large doth appeare. And the said William Johnson for 
him self, his heires, executors, admist** and assignes, and 
for every of them, doth covenant promise, and graunt, 
to and with the said John Green and Mathew Morryes, 
and either of them, their and either of their heires and 


600 TRUST BY JOHN HEMINGES. 


assignes, by theis pits, That he the said William Johnson, 
his heires, executors, admistrs, or assignes, shall and will 
from tyme to tyme and at all tymes hereafter within con- 
venient tyme after every reasonable request,. well and 
sufficiently saue and keepe harmeles the said bargained 
premisses and every part and parcell thereof of and from 
all and all manner of former bargaines, sales, guifts, 
graunts, leases, statuts, recognizauncs, ioynctures, dowers, 
intayles, vses, extents, iudgements, execucdns, Annewy- 
ties, and of and from all other charges, titles, and incom- 
brauncs whatsoeuer, wittingly and willingly had made 
©omitted or done by him the said William Johnson alone, 
orioyntly with any other person or persons whatsoeuer ; 
Except the rents and service to the Cheiff Lord or Lords 
of the fee or fees of the premisses from henceforth to be 
due and of right accustomed to be done, And except one 
lease and demise of the premisses with thapp'tnnes here- 
tofore made by the said William Shakespeare together 
with them the said John Jackson John Hemynge and 
William Johnson ynto one John Robinson, now Tennant 
of the said premisses, for the term of certen yeres yet to 
come and unexpired, As by the same wherevnto relation 
be had at large doth appeare. In witnes whereof the 
parties aforesaid to theis pnte Indentures have inter- 
changeably sett their hands and sealls. Yeoven the 
day and yeres first aboue written 1617. 
Jo: Jackson John Heminges Wm Johnson 
Sealed & delyvered by the within named 
John Jackson in the pice of Roc: Swale | John Prise 
Sealed & delyvered by the w’thinamed 
Willm Johnson in the p’sence of 
Nickolas Harysone John Prise 
Sealed and delyvered by the w’thinamed 
John Hemynges in the p’nce of 
Matt’ Benson John Prise 
Memorand. that the xi day of ffebruarye in the yeres 
within written John Robinson tenant of the p’mysses 
w’tihnmencded did geve and delyver vnto John Greene 


~~ tis any re @isin “Tr 


SS Yinesrihie 


- Ta fee Vol 8 page 


Yr00w | 
parce’ 


110 vt G4 fp 


tertbasd A igh elie AE Afb 
EnV Sra: Coby us 
fhink Hore 

ee eo abn, 


SHAKSPEARE’S WILL, 601 


w'thin named to the vse of Susanna Hall w’thinnamed five 
pence of lawfull money of England in name of Attoriment 
in the p’sence of . 


Matt: Benson 
; John Prise 
by me Richarde Tylor 
7 
SHAKSPEARE’S WILL, A Let. 3 400 
4 — 
From the Original in the Office of the Prerogative Court % 


| 
' of Canterbury. 
a 


Vicesimo quinto die Martii:, Anno Regni Domini nostri 
Jacobi nunc Regis Angliw, &c, decimo quarto, et 
Scotie quadragesimo nono. Anno Domini 1616. £5 In nmi a 


In the name of God, Amen. I William Shakspeare of 
Stratford-upon Avon, in the county of Warwick, gent. 
in perfect health and memory, (God be praised!) do 42 224. 9 
make and ordain this my last will and testamentinmanner = = ~~~ 
and form following : that is to say: r 


. First, I commend my soul into the hands of God my 7 
creator, hoping, and assuredly believing, through the | 
only merits of Jesus Christ my Saviour, to be made par- : 


taker of life everlasting; and my body to the earth 

: whereof it is made. § 
Item, I give and bequeath unto my daughter Judith 3 
one hundred and fifty pounds of lawful English money, | 
to be paid unto her in manner and form following; 

that is to say, one hundred pounds in discharge of her 

marriage portion within one year after my decease, with 4.....? </> 


though not executed till the following month; for February was 


. * Our poet's will appears to have been drawn up in February, 
first written, and afterwards struck out, and March written over it, 


602 ‘SHAKSPEARE’S WILL. 


ee, consideration aftér the rate of two shillings in the pound 


wn 7 Ala 


for so long time as the same shall be unpaid unto her 
after my decease; and the fifty pounds residue thereof, 
upon her surrendering of, or giving of such sufficient 
security as the overseers of this my will shall like of, to 
surrender or grant, all her estate and right that shall de- 
scend or come unto her after my decease, or that she 
now hath, of, in, or to, one copyhold tenement, with 
the appurtenances, lying and being in Stratford-upon- 
Avon aforesaid, in the said county of Warwick, being 
parcel or holden of the manor of Rowington, unto my 
daughter Susanna Hall, and her heirs for ever. 

Item, I give and bequeath unto my said daughter 
Judith one hundred and fifty pounds more, if she, or any 
issue of her body, be living at the end of three years 
next ensuing the day of the date of this my will, during 
which time my executors to pay her consideration from 
my decease according to the rate aforesaid; and if she 
die within the term without issue of her body, then my 
will is, and I do give and bequeath one hundred pounds 
thereof to my niece 3 Elizabeth Hall, and the fifty pounds 
to be set forth by my executors during the life of my 
sister Joan Hart, and the use and profit thereof coming, 
shall be paid to my said sister Joan,. and after her decease 
the said fifty pounds shall remain amongst the children 
of my said sister, equally to be divided amongst them; 
but if my said daughter Judith be living at the end of the 
said three years, or any issue of her body, then my will 
is, and so I devise and bequeath the said hundred and 


* This was found to be unnecessary, as it was ascertained that 
the copyhold descended to the eldest daughter by the custom of 
the manor. he des 

3 —to my nizce—] Elizabeth Hall was our poet's grand- 


pete daughter. So, in Othello, Act I. Sc. I. Iago says to Brabantio, 


* You'll have your nephews neigh to you ;” meaning his grand- 
children. See the note there. 


SHAKSPEARE’S WILL. 603 


fifty pounds to be set out by my executors and overseers 
for the best benefit of her and her issue, and the stock 
not to be paid unto her so long as she shall be married 
and covert baron; but my will is, that she shall have the 
consideration yearly paid unto her during her life, and 
after her decease the said stock and consideration to be 
paid to her children, if she have any, and if not, to her 
executors or assigns, she living the said term after my 
decease: provided that if such husband as she shall at 
the end of the said three years be married unto, or at any 
[time] after, do sufficiently assure unto her, and the issue 
of her body, lands answerable to the portion by this my 
will given unto her, and to be adjudged so by my execu- 
tors and overseers, then my will is, that the said hundred 
and fifty pounds shall be paid to such husband as shall 
make such assurance, to his own use. 

Item, I give and bequeath unto my said sister Joan 
twenty pounds, and all my wearing apparel, to be paid 
and delivered within one year after my decease; and I 
do will and devise unto her the house, with the appur- 7 


tenances, in Stratford, wherein she dwelleth; for her=* y, 


natural life, under the yearly rent of twelve-pence. 


Item, I give and bequeath unto her three sons, Wile A> 2-45 


liam Hart, Hart 4, and Michael Hart, five pounds’ 
apiece, to be paid within, one year after my decease. 

Item, I give and bequeath unto the said Elizabeth Hall 
all my plate, (except my broad silver and gilt bowl)s, 
that I now have at the date of this my will. 


4 — Hart,] It is singular that neither Shakspeare nor any of 
his family should have recollected the Christian name of his ne- 
phew, who was born at Stratford but eleven years before the 
making of his will. His Christian name was Thomas ; and he 
was baptized in that town, July 24, 1605. He was at this time, 
therefore, between ten and eleven years old. 

5 — except my broad silver and gilt sowr,] “This bowl, as 
we afterwards find, our poet bequeathed to his daughter Judith. 


Vag Ament 

% a pr yd 
° Cotnn ane? 
wk oA inte fa BG 


f fe 


th the hy eA 
igh 


j 


604 SHAKSPEARE’S WILL, 


Item, I give and bequeath unto the poor of Stratford 
aforesaid ten pounds; to Mr. Thomas Combe 5 my sword ; 


‘to Thomas Russel, Esq. five pounds; and to Francis 


Collins® of the borough of Warwick, in the county of 
Warwick, gent. thirteen pounds six shillings and eight- 
pence, to be paid within one year after mydecease. 

Item, I give and bequeath to Hamlet [ Hamnet] Sadler? 
twenty-six shillings eight-pence, to buy him a ring; to 


Instead of bowl, Mr. Theobald, and all the subsequent editors, 
have here printed dozes. 

5 —Mr. Thomas Combe,] This gentleman was baptized at 
Stratford, Feb. 9, 1588-9; he was therefore twenty-seven years old 
at the time of Shakspeare’s death. He died at Stratford in J uly, 
1657, aged 68; and his elder brother William died at the same 
place, Jan. 30, 1666-7, aged 80. Mr. Thomas Combe, by his will 
made June 20, 1656, directed his executors to convert all his 
personal property into money, and to lay it out in the purchase of 
lands, to be settled on William Combe, the eldest son of John 
Combe of Allchurch, in the county of Worcester, Gent. and his 
heirs male ; remainder to his two brothers successively. Where 
therefore our poet's sword has wandered, I have not been able to. 
discover. I have taken the trouble to ascertain the ages of Shak- 
speare's friends and relations, and the time of their deaths, be- 
cause we are thus enabled to judge how far the traditions con« 
cerning him, which were communicated to Mr. Rowe in the be- 
ginning of this century, are worthy of credit. 

® —to Francis Collins —]. This gentleman was, I believe, 
christened at Warwick. He died the year after our poet, and 
was buried at Stratford, Sep. 27, 1617, on which day he died. 

7 — to Hamnet Sadler —] This gentleman was godfather to 
Shakspeare’s only son, who was called after him. Mr. Sadler, 
I believe, was born about the year 1550, and died at Stratford- 
upon-Avon, where he was buried, October 26, 1624. His wife. 
Judith Sadler, who was godmother to Shakspeare’s youngest, 
daughter, was buried there, March 23, 1613-14. Our poet pro- 
bably was godfather to their son William, who was baptized at 


Her Bizattord, Feb. 5, 1597-8. 
/ 


SHAKSPEARE’S WILL. 605 


William Reynolds, gent. twenty-six shillings eight-pence, 
to buy him a ring; to my godson, William Walker’, 
twenty shillings in gold; to Anthony Nash», gent. 
twenty-six shillings eight-pence; and to Mr. John Nash', 
twenty-six shillings eight-pence: and to my fellows, John 
Hemynge, Richard Burbage, and Henry Cundell?, 
twenty-six shillings eight-pence apiece, to buy them 
rings. 
Item, I give, will, bequeath, and devise, unto my 
daughter Susanna Hall, for better enabling of her to 
perform this my will, and towards the performance thereof, 
all that capital messuage or tenement, with the appur- 
tenances, in Stratford aforesaid, called The New Place, 
| ‘ wherein I now dwell, and two messuages or tenéments, Zon 44 ~—-/ 


“pf Tes 


i with the appurtenances, situate, lying, and being in Cet 
. Henley-street, within the borough of Stratford aforesaid ; “=. '- 
and all my barns, stables, orchards, gardens, lands, tene- =~ Via 


| 

: 8 —to my godson William Walker.] This godson of our 

} author was the son of Mr. Henry Walker, who was elected an 
Alderman of Stratford, January 3, 1605-6. William was bap- 

tized at Stratford, October 16, 1608. I mention this circum- 
stance, because it ascertains that our author was at his native 

: town in the autumn of that year. Mr. William Walker was 

buried at Stratford, March, 1679-80. 

i 9 — to Antony Nash,] He was father of Mr. Thomas Nash, 

| who married our poet's grand-daughter, Elizabeth Hall. He 

: lived, I believe, at Welcombe, where his estate lay; and was 
buried at Stratford, Nov. 18, 1622. 

| . 1 —to Mr. John Nash,] This gentleman died at Stratford, 

} and was buried there, Nov. 10, 1623. 

2 — to my fellows, John Hemynge, Richard Burbage, and 
Henry Cundell.] These our poet’s fellows did not very long sur- 
vive him. Burbage died in March, 1619; Cundell in December, 
1627; and Heminge in October, 1630. See their wills in the 
Account of our old Actors in the third volume. 


606 SHAKSPEARE’S WILL. 


ments, and hereditaments whatsoever, situate, lying, and 
Bes cay being, or to be had, received, perceived 3, or taken, within 
Copia wa the towns, hamlets, villages, fields, and grounds of 
t——"7// "7 Stratford-upon-Avon, Old Stratford, Bishopton, and 
wc & ~ “-“Welcombe 4, or in any of them, in the said county of 
ZOE" Warwick’; and> ulsolahat messuage or tenement, with the 

appurtenances, wherein one John Robinson dwelleth, 

situate, lying, and being, in the Blackfriars in London 

near the Wardrobe ‘; and all other my lands, tenements, 

and hereditaments whatsoever; to have and to hold all 


3 — received, perceived,] Instead of these words, we have 
hitherto had in all the printed copies of this will reserved, 
preserved. 

4 — Old Stratford, Bishopton, and Welcombe,] The lands of 
Old Stratford, Bishopton, and Welcome, here devised, were in 
Shakspeare’s time a continuation of one large field, all in the pa- 
rish of Stratford. Bishopton is two miles from Stratford, and 
Welcombe one. For Bishopton, Mr. Theobald erroneously 
printed Bushazton, and the errour has been continued in all the 
subsequent editions. The word in Shakspeare’s original will is 
Bushopton, the vulgar pronunciation of Bishopton. 

I searched the Indexes in the Rolls chapel from the year 1589 
to 1616, with the hope of finding an enrolment of the purchase 

' deed of the estate here devised by our poet, and of ascertaining its 
extent and value; but it was not enrolled duting that period, nor 
could I find any inquisition taken after his death, by which its 
value might have been ascertained. I suppose it was conveyed 
by the former owner to Shakspeare, not by bargain and sale, but 
by a deed of feoffment, which it was not necessary to enroll. 

5 — that messuage or tenement—in the Blackfriars in London 
near THE WaRDROBE;] This was the house which was mort- 
gaged to Henry Walker. 

By the Wardrobe is meant the King’s Great Wardrobe, a royal 
house, near Puddle Wharf, purchased by King Edward the Third 
from Sir John Beauchamp, who built it. King Richard: III. was 
lodged in this house in the'second year of his reign. . See Stowe’s 


K 


é y M 5 me y : . 
SA Lrews Zane  e 60 tOe "SO Oke ae piss LTS 
4 ~ 7 = ‘ oi 
i ae AE CHE A G20 Co 
. ; PP LAE 
| ye ge ee Fae he Cnr D Giy® «n° aes Shwe, 


4 /46 ti f sot 


— 


SHAKSPEARE’S WILL. 607 


and singular the said premises, with their appurtenances, 
unto the said Susanna Hall, for and during the term of her 
natural life; and after her decease to the first son of her 
body lawfully issuing, and to the heirs males of the body of 
the said first son lawfully issuing ; and for default of such 
issue, to the second son of her body lawfully issuing, and 
to the heirs males of the body of the said second son 
lawfully issuing ; and for default of such heirs, to the 
third son of the body of the said Susanna lawfully issuing, 
and to the heirs males of the body of the said third son 
lawfully issuing; and for default of such issue, the same 
so to be and remain to the fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh 
-_ sons of her body, lawfully issuing one after another, and 
to the heirs males of the bodies of the said fourth, fifth, 
sixth, and seventh sons lawfully issuing, in such manner 
as it is before limited to be and remain to the first, second, 
and third sons of her body, and to their heirs males ; 
and for default of such issue, the said premises to be and 
remain to my said niece Hall, and the heirs males of her 
body lawfully issuing; and for default of such issue, to 
my daughter Judith, and the heirs males of her body law- 
fully issuing ; and for default of such issue, to the right 
heirs of me the said William Shakspeare for ever. 
Item, I give unto my wife my second-best bed, with potty: ae 
the furniture °, one foie 
i ae 
Survey, p. 693, edit. 1618. After the fire of London this office 
was kept in the Savoy; but it is now abolished. 
6 —my szconp-best bed, with the furniture.] Thus Shak- 
speare’s original will. Mr. Theobald and the other modern edi- 
tors have been more bountiful to Mrs. Shakspeare, having printed 
instead of these words, “— my brown best bed, with the fur- 
niture.”  Matone. 
It appears, in the original will of Shakspeare (now in the Pre-7. 3 
rogative-Office, Doctors’ Commons), that he had forgot his wife ; no Som fete woe 
the legacy to her being expressed by an interlineation, as well asi G oy ae 


those to Heminge, Burbage, and Condell. Tis ieee Ss 
binnt Kae Bete Yr 
x yee aah fee eng € 
5 ' 


VS ere 1 al eee 
i ke 


OF ae oka 


Ax he.3. oa 


608 . SHAKSPEARE’S: WILL. 


Item, I give and bequeath to my said daughter Judith 
my broad silver gilt bowl. All the rest of my goods, 
chattels, leases, plate, jewels, and household-stuff what-_ 
soever, after my debts and legacies paid, and my funeral 
expences discharged, I give, devise, and bequeath to 
my son-in-law, John Hall, gent. and my daughter Susanna 
his wife, whom I ordain and make executors of this my — 
last will and testament. And I do entreat and appoint 
the said Thomas Russel, esq. and Francis Collins, gent. 
to be overseers hereof. And do revoke all former wills, 
and publish this to be my last will and testament. In 
witness whereof I have hereunto put my hand, the day — 
and year first above-written. 

By me® WiLi1AM SHAKSPEARE, 
Witness to the publishing hereof, 

Fra. Collyns 7, 

Julius Shaw , 

John Robinson 9, 

Hamnet Sadler ', 

Robert Whattcoat. 

Probatum fuit testamentum suprascriptum apud 
London, coram Magistro William Byrde, Legum 
Doctore, &c. vicesimo secundo die mensis Juni, 
Anno Domini 1616; juramento Johannis Hall unius 
ex. cui, &c. de bene, &c. jurat. reservata potestate, 
&c. Susanne Hall alt. ex. &c. eam cum venerit, &c. 
petitur. &c.* 


The will is written on three sheets of paper, the two last of 
which are undoubtedly subscribed with Shakspeare’s own hand. 
The first indeed has his name in the margin, but it differs some- 
what in spelling as well as manner, from the two signatures that 
follow. The reader will find a fac-simile of all the three, as 
well as those of the witnesses, on the opposite page. Srezvens. 

6 By me William Shakspeare.] This was the mode of our 
poet’s time. Thus the Register of Stratford is signed at the bot- 
tom of each page, in the year 1616, “* Per me Richard Watts, 


SHAKSPEARE’S WILL. 609 


Minister.” These concluding words have hitherto been inaccu- 
rately exhibited thus: “ — the day and year first above-written, 
by me William Shakspeare.” Neither the day, nor year, nor any 
| preceding part of this will, was written by our poet. ‘‘ By me,” 
| &c. only means— The above is the will of me William Shakspeare. 
| te — Fra. Collins.] See p. 604, n. 6. 
ir _ * — Julius Shaw—] was born in Sept. 1571. He married 
| bes Boyes, May 5, 1594; and died at Stratford, where he was 
buried, June 24, 1629. 

® — John Robinson.] John, son of Thomas Robinson, was 
oni at Stratford, Nov. 30, 1589. I know not when he died. 

— Hamnet Sadler.] See p. 604, n. 7. 

? The total omission of his wife's name by Shakspeare i in the 
first draft of his will, and the very moderate legacy he afterwards 
inserted, has created a suspicion that his affections were estranged 
from her either through jealousy or some other cause. But if we 
may suppose that some provision had been made for her during 
his life-time, the bequest of his second-best bed was probably con- 
sidered in those days neither as uncommon nor reproachful. Sir 
Thomas Lucy, the younger, by his will in 1600, of which I find an 
account among Mr. Malone's Adversaria, leaves to his second 
‘son, Richard, his second-best horse, but no land, because his father- 
in-law had promised to provide for him. Shakspeare’s not re- 
collecting at first"to mention her name at all, will be no great Z 4. <2<. « 
subject of surprise, when we recollect the remarkable instances of F eae Oe ee 
forgetfulness which perpetually occur in documents of this na-_7~ ee 
ture. He had forgotten also, at first, his fellows, Heminge, Bur-“—~* “~*~ 
bage, and Condell, upon whom he certainly did not intend to fixa 
stigma. If he had taken offence at any part of his wife's conduct, 
I cannot believe that he would have taken this petty mode of ex- 
pressing it. Boswext. 


VOL, Il. 2k 


7 7 7 4 ty (eee fi 4 aw Ltn 
{ LA = AT dew f id : sy 
lb Ltn, : Po z. 4 Pr Vas I as “ 
/ ¥ re has i gi 5 WE AOS, Se t peas Coe € vr Caen 
b ig 2 Ave * ; * ff i 
\ a 
ae “ Ae OV Rte AT. 
oe 4, ‘ Ci e—€ ~£ za 


STRATFORD REGISTER. 


Baptisms, Marriages, and Burials, of the Shakspeare 
Family ; transcribed from the Register-Books of the Parish 
of Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire +. 


“Z, tuoe ye jce “Sones, daughter to John Shakspere, was baptized 
ontm ts BA ae Sept. 15, 1558. 
eS Margaret, daughter of John Shakspere, was baptized 
Dec. 2, 1562. 
Margaret, daughter of John Shakspere, was buried 
April 30, 1563, £-. 3° As 
WILLIAM, son of John Shakspere, was baptized April 
i Wartmaeet 26, 1564°. 
| fs Tr Ty. ~ Johanna, daughter of Richard - Hathaway, otherwise 


An Coes 


ee rs ae: Gardiner, of Shottery’?, was baptized May 9, 1566. 


f 4 An inaccurate and very imperfect list of the baptisms, &c. of 
Bass Shakspeare’s family was transmitted by Mr. West some years ago 
3 to Mr. Steevens. The list now printed I have extracted with 


f great care from the Registers of Stratford; and, I trust, it will be 
found correct. 
| [Those marked with an asterisk, according to Mr. Malone’s 


hypothesis, did not belong to the poet’s family. See p. 51.) 

5 This lady’ Mr. West supposed to have married the ancestor 
of the Harts of Stratford; but he was certainly mistaken. She 
died probably in her infancy. The wife of Mr. Hart was un- 
doubtedly the second Jone, mentioned below. Her son Michae 
was born in the latter end of the year 1608, at which time she 
was above thirty-nine years old. The elder Jone would then 
have been near fifty. 


FT ETL 


he eine pen eee ia © He was born three days before, April 23, 1564. I have said 


| eas see aa this on the faith of Mr. Green, who, I find, made the extract from 


| ee ae =~ 4-122 the register which Mr. West gave Mr. Steevens; but quere, how 
He LRG did Mr, Green ascertain this fact? A 4 ti—--7% 


Doan m 


WopReee i irae 7 This Richard Hathaway of Shottery was probably the father 


wliose ed Begn wen lefty» Hl toy SO 


en 4 SOF mm on tae 
Be oy aN, CRM ba Bd Tame bow vO". 
Fhe fame te BG “so . = = y- 
Fe Lcd Tee oc 1 of nie & sont ~ ite - 
| Any ete Fhl, Sel Fics home EOL pre 
| Bey ce anges Rg hee. th 0. or. /. 7077. 
Beaten pene 
feo fay DK 
hes af a An ry, gee 
Phe or 
o 


_ STRATFORD REGISTER. 611 
Gilbert, son of John Shakspere, was baptized Oct. 13, 
1566. 


Jone*, daughter of John’Shakspere, was baptized April 15, Z ~.. 4. 4% 
1569. 5G Be Le 
Anne, daughter of Mr. John Shakspere, was baptized ~~ cH i LO. >: 
Sept. 28, 1578. sees! 1577, 4 #77 Aislin tie 
Richard, son of Mr. John Shakspere, was baptized 
March 11, 1573 [1573-4]. 
Anne, daughter of Mr. John Shakspere, was buried 
April 4, 1579. 
Edmund, son of Mr. John Shakspere, was baptized May 3, « a. — 4 <-4* 
L., 1580. | Ig ganas 
Susanna, daughter of WittiaM SHaKsPeERe, was bap- 922% <4 
teint’ tized May 26; 1583. 
Elizabeth, daughter of Anthony Shakspere, of Hampton 9, 
was baptized February 10, 1583 [1583-4]. 


to Anne Hathaway, our poet's wife. There is no entry of her 

baptism, the Register not commencing till 1558, two years after. g- £66, 
she was born. ‘Thomas, the son of this Richard Hathaway, was 

baptized at Stratford, April 12, 1569; John, another son, Feb. 3, 

1574; and William, another son, Noy. 30, 1578. 

8 It was common in the age of Queen Elizabeth to give the 
same christian name to two children successively. (Thus, 
Mr. Sadler, who was godfather to Shakspeare’s son, had two 
sons who were baptized by the name of John.) This was un- 
L donbtedly done in the present instance. The former Jone having 

probably died, (though I can find no entry of her burial in the 

Register, nor indeed of many of the other children of John Shaks- 

peare) the name of Jone, a very favourite one in those days, was 
- transferred to another new-born child. This latter Jone married 
f Mr. William Hart, a hatter in Stratford, some time, as I con- 
jecture, in the year 1599, when she was thirty years old; for her 
eldest son William was baptized there, August 28, 1600. There 
is no entry of her marriage in the Register. 

9 There was also a Mr. Henry Shakspeare settled at Hampton- 
Lucy, as appears from the Register of that parish : 

2R2 


612 STRATFORD REGISTER. 
* John Shakspere° and Margery Roberts were married 


pecacee aes Nov. 25, 1584. 
,/o@-~< Hamnet' and Judith, son and daughter of Wiuraaak 
fe fol ee x oy SHAKSPERE, were py or gps February. 2, 1584 


foe oe [684-61 
tevtenre CEs 


ates tee Lettice, daughter of Henry Saket iaclnistiak June 10, 
pai Fi yf 
pa: see James, son of Henry Shakspeare, was baptized, October 15, 
alas 3 nor p- 1586. 
ar Ay James, son of Henry Shakspeare, was buried September 25, 
1589. 

There was a Thomas Shakspeare settled at Warwick; for in 
the Rolls Chapel I found the inrolment of a deed made in the 
44th year of Queen Elizabeth, conveying ‘* to Thomas Shak- 
speare of Warwick, yeoman, Sachbroke, alias Bishop-Sachbroke, 
in Com. Warw.” Matone. 

t Mr. West, or Mr. Green (who made the extract for him), 
imagined that our poet’s only son was christened by the name of 
Samuel, but he was mistaken. Mr. Hamnet Sadler, who was 
related, if I mistake not, to the Shakspeare family, appears to 

ib. have been sponsor to his son; and his wife, Mrs, Judith Sadler, 
of - to have been godmother to Judith, the other twin-child. The 
name Hamznet is written very distinctly both in the entry of the 
baptism and burial of this child. Hamnet and Hamlet seem to 
have been considered as the same name, and to have been used 
indiscriminately both in speaking and writing. Thus, this Mr. 
Hamnet Sadler, who is a witness to Shakspeare’s Will, writes 
his christian name, Hamnet; but the scrivener who drew up the 
will, writes it Hamlet. There is the same variation in the Re- 
gister of Stratford, where the name is spelt in three or four diffe- _ 
rent ways. Thus among the baptisms we find in 1591, “* May 26, 
| John filius Hamletti Sadler ;” and in 1583, “ Sept. 13, Margaret, 
daughter to Hamlet Sadler.” But in 1588, Sept. 20, we find, 

«John, son to Hamnet Sadler; in 1596, April 4, we have 

eff con / “ Judith, filia Hamnet Sadler ;" in 1597-8, ** Feb: 3, Wilelmus, 
tf /  filius Hambnet Sadler; and in 1599, * April 28, Francis, filius 
Hamnet Sadler.” This Mr. Sadler died in 1624, and the entry 
| of his burial, which was made by Mr. Simon Trappe, curate of the 


STRATFORD REGISTER - 613 


* Margery, wife of John Shakspere, was buried: Oct. 29, 
1587. 

* Thomas *, son of Richard Queeny, was baptized -aiah 
26, 1588 [1588-9]. 

* Ursula’, daughter of John Shakspere, was. baptized 
March 11, 1588 [1588-9]. 

* Thomas Greene, alias Shakspere 4; was buried March 6, 
1589 [1589-90]. 


parish, stands thus: * 1624, Oct, 26, Hamlet Sadler.” So also 
in that of his wife: ‘* 1623, March 23, Judith, uxor Hamlet 
Sadler.” 

The name of Hamlet occurs in several other entries in the Re- 
gister. Oct. 4, 1576, ‘ Hamlet, son to Humphry Holdar,” was. 
buried ; and Sept. 28, 1564, ‘‘ Catharina, uxor Hamoleti Hassal.” 
Mr. Hamlet Smith, formerly of the borough of Stratford, is one 
of the benefactors annually commemorated there. 

Our poet’s only son, Hamnet, or Hamlet, died in 1596, in the 
twelfth year of his age. 

2 This gentleman married our poet's youngest daughter. He 
had three sisters, Elizabeth, Anne, and Mary, and five brothers ; 
Adrian, born in 1586, Richard, born in 1587, William, born in 
1593, John in 1597, and George, baptized April 9, 1600. George, 
was curate of the parish of Stratford, and died of a consumption. 
He was buried there April 11, 1624. In Doctor Hall's pocket- 
book is the following entry relative to him: ‘¢ 38, Mr. Quiney, 
tussi gravi cum magna phlegmatis copia, et cibi vomitu, feb. lenta 
debilitatus,” &c. The case concludes thus: ‘* Annoseq. (no year 
is mentioned in the case, but the preceding case is dated 1624,) 
in hoc malum incidebat. Multa frustra tentata ;—placide cum 
Domino dormit. Fuit boni indolis, et pro juveni omnifariam 
doctus.” 

3 This Ursula, and her brothers Humphrey and Philip, ap- 
pear to have been the children of John Shakspeare the shoemaker. 

4 A great many names occur in this Register, with an alias, 
the meaning of which it is not very easy to ascertain. I should 
have supposed that the persons thus described were illegitimate ; 
but that inthe Register we frequently find the word bastard ex-~ 


pressly added to the names of the children baptized. 


bf. (O04 Lh rte. 
aay hheng- 


614 STRATFORD REGISTER. 


* Humphrey, son of John Shakspere, was baptized May 
24, 1590. 
* Philip, son of John Shakspere, sia bnghicnd Sept. 21, 
1591. 
Thomas 5, son of Mr. Anthony Nash, was baptized June 
20, 1593. 
Hamnet, son of Wittiam SuHaksPeare, was buried 
Aug. 11, 1596. 
William, son of William Hart, was baptized Aug. 28, 
1600. 
*y. ae... .... Mr.John Shakspeare was buried Sept. 8, 1601. _ 
<-*: <—*~ “& Mr. Richard Quiney®, Bailiff of Stratford, was buried 
te foo. May 31, 1602. 
Mary, daughter of William Hart, was baptized June 5, 
1603. 
Thomas, son of William Hart, hatter, was baptized July 
24, 1605. 


The Rev. Mr. Davenport observes to me that there are two fa- 
milies at present in Stratford, (and probably several more) that 
are distinguished by an alias. ‘‘'The real name of one of these 
families is Roberts, but they generally go by the name of Burford. 
The ancestor of the family came originally from Burford in Ox- 
fordshire, and was frequently called from this circumstance by 
the name of Burford, This name has prevailed, and they are 
always now called by it; but they write their name, Roberts, 
alias Burford, and are so entered in the Register. 

“The real name of the other family is Smith, but they are 
more known by the name of Buck. The ancestor of this family, 
from some circumstance or other, obtained the nickname of Buck, 
and they now write themselves Smith, alias Buck. 

5 This gentleman married our poet’s grand-daughter, Eliza- 
beth Hall. His father, Mr. Anthony Nash, lived at Welcombe, 
(where he had an estate), as appears by the following entry of 
the baptism of another of hissons: ‘‘ 1598, Oct. 15, John, son 
to Mr. Anthony Nash, of Welcombe.” 

6 This was the father of Mr. Thomas Quiney, who married 
Shakspeare’s youngest daughter. 


pie Bp Snore, eee ote Gee a gf Fats & 380 F* 282s 


# Brficeclesbe tt ee ee Lud, aL ss Reels Sf bpd me Aan 
ca tu fnnt? v4 fe fe Ai lay ve Ae ie 5 fll ates Soy Ane 
pfs Mt. YF SAE hod Gasca Wah aS ann: oe Min~ fins 


y ¢ Les “ eo > on cap palelitn’ Ja hehe ot.s9 49 i ee 
anaes Hin ti Fane, Pasi caltee 5 aes ano filly Comcnn, 

Ahan Lreacesn Sha Be eben, 
SPP a 

eS, STRATFORD REGISTER: ri 


>< John Hall, quien and Susanna Shakspere, were mar- 4 ##— -< #«.— 
ried June 5, 1607. 
Mary, daughter of William. Hart, was buried Dec. 17, 
1607. 
Elizabeth, daughter of John Hall, gentleman, was bap- ~<~- * st 
tized Feb. 21, 1607 (1607-8). 0 Ghani 
Mary Sh Shakepere, widow, was buried Sept. 9, 1608. 
Michael,”s bon of William Hart, was baptized Sept. 23, 
1608. epee oe Lros ~ 
Gilbert Shakspeare, adolescens ’, was buried Feb. 3, 1611 
(1611-12). 
Richard Shakspere, was buried February 4, 1612 
(1612-13). 
Thomas Queeny and Judith” Shakspere were married ¢,..-4.. han 79 FS 
Feb. 10, 1615 [1615-16]. Die ie 
William Hart *, hatter, was buried April 17, 1616. 
WILLIAM SHAKSPERE®, gentleman, was beried | || ee 
25, 1616". I Gh) Pomel 
Shakspere, son of Thomas Quiney, gentleman, was bap- 
[ tized Nov. 23, 1616. 
| Shakspere, son of Thomas Quiney, gentleman, was 8 buried 


May 8, 1617. 

Richard, son of Thomas Quiney, was baptized Feb. 9, 
1617 [1617-18]. 

Thomas, son of Thomas Quiney, was baptized Aug. 29, 
1619. 


7 This was probably a son of Gilbert Shakspeare, our poet's 
brother. When the elder Gilbert died, the Register does not 
inform us; but he certainly died before his son. w 
8 This William Hart was our poet’s brother-in-law. He died, fn fi rae 
it appears, a few days before Shakspeare. 
9 Hedied, as appears from his monument, April 23d. 
1 No one hath protracted the: Life of Shakspeare beyond 1616, 
except Mr. Hume, who is pleased to add a year to it, contrary 
to all manner of evidence. Farmer. 


616 STRATFORD REGISTER. 


Anthony Nash, Esq. was buried Nov. 18,1622. - 
fo» ise v Mrs. Shakspere 4 was buried Aug. 8, 1623. 
as Mr. Thomas Nash was married to Mrs. Elizabeth Hall, 


April 22, 1626. Ai 2-6 <7 7 
Thomas 5, son of Thomas Hart, was map April 13, 
1634. 
Dr. John Hall* [* medicus pevtisimus *), was Ber 
Nov. 26, 1635. 


3 Father of Mr. Thomas Nash, the husband of Elizabeth Hall. 


Faw (ohare J _name was Anne Hathaway, died, as appears "feden her tomb-stone 
eee a A at the age of 67, and consequently was near eight years older 

“= “than herhusband. The following is the inscription on her tomb- 
Pitas pote Stone in the Church of Stratford : 

«* Here lyeth interred the body of Anne, wife of William 
Shakespeare, who departed this life the 6th day of August 1623, 
being of the age of 67 years.” 

After this inscription followsix Latin verses not worth preserving. 
Lhave not been able to ascertain when or where they were mar- 
ried, but suspect the ceremony was performed at Billesley, in 
August 1582. The register of that parish is lost. 

S It appears from Lady Barnard’s will that this Thomas Hart 
was alive in 1669. The Register does not ascertain the time of 
his death, nor that of his father. 

6 Susanna’s husband, Dr. John Hall, is interred in the chancel 
of the church of Stratford near his wife. 

The following is a transcript of his will, extracted from the 
Registry of the Prerogative Court of Canterbury : 

“The last Will and Testament nuncupative of John Hall of 
Stratford-upon-Avon in the county of Warwick, Gent. made and 
declared the five and twentieth of November, 1635. Imprimis, 
I give unto my wife my house in London. Item, I give unto my 
daughter Nash my house in Acton. Item, I give unto my daughter 
Nash my meadow. Item, I give my goods and money unto my 
wife and my daughter Nash, to be equally divided betwixt them. 
Item, concerning my study of books, I leave them, said he, to you, 
my son Nash, to dispose of them as you see good, As for my 


STRATFORD REGISTER, 617 


George, son of Thomas Hart, was baptized Sept. 18, 
1636. 


manuscripts, I would have given them to Mr. Boles, if he had 
been here; but forasmuch he is not here present, you may, son 
Nash, burn them, or do with them what you please. Witnesses 
hereunto, 
«* Thomas Nash, 
: ** Simon Trapp.” 

The testator not having appointed any executor, administration 
was granted to his widow, Nov. 23, 1636. 

Some at least of Dr. Hall’s manuscripts escaped the flames, one 
of them being yet extant. See p. 505. 

I could not, after a very careful search, find the will of Susanna 
Hall in the Prerogative-office, nor is it. preserved in the 
Archives of the diocese of Worcester, the Registrar of which 
diocese at my request very obligingly examined the indexes of all 
the wills proved in his office between the years 1649 and 1670; 
but i in vain. The town of Stratford-upon-Avon is in that diocese, 

The inscriptions on the tomb-stones of our poet's favourite 
daughter and her husband are as follows : 

“Here lyeth the body of John Hall, Gent. he marr, Susanna, 
q ye daughter and co-heire of Will. Shakspeare, Gent. he deceased 
: Noy, 25, A°. 1635, aged 60.” 

7 « Hallius hic situs est, medica celeberrimus arte, 
' ___., * Expectans regni gaudia leta Dei. 
+ Dignus erat meritis qui Nestora vinceret annis ; fu f t08. 

« In terris omnes sed rapit @c equa dies. 

« Ne tumulo quid desit, adest fidissima conjux, 
“ Et vitee comitem nunc quoque mortis habet.” 

These verses should seem, from the last two lines, not to have 
been inscribed on Dr. Hall’s tomb-stone till 1649. Perhaps in- 
deed the last distich only was then added. 

’ Here lyeth the body of Susanna, wife to John Hall, Gent. 
y* daughter of William Shakspeare, Gent. She deceased the ' 


2” 11th of July, A°. 1649, aged 66.” A Shc itde 

aa frfen f Pt 
“« Witty above her sexe, but that’s not all, we tne 1 fata 

“ Wise to salvation was good Mistriss Hall. Thu 110 i Sho 


618 STRATFORD REGISTER. 


Thomas, son of Thomas Quiney, was buried Jan. 28, 
1638 [1638-9]. 


“ Something of Shakspeare was in that, but this 
“ Wholy of him’with whom she’s now in blisse. 
“ Then, passenger, hast ne’re a teare, 
**To weepe with her that wept with all: 
‘* That wept, yet set her selfe to chere 
** Them up with comforts cordiall. 


“ Her love shall live, her mercy spread, 
** When thou hast ne’re a teare to shed.” 

The foregoing English verses, which are preserved by Dugdale, 
are not now remaining, half of the tomb-stone having been cut 
away, and another half stone joined to it; with the following 
inscription on it—‘‘ Here lyeth the body of Richard Watts of 
Ryhon-Clifford, in the parish of old Stratford, Gent. who de- 
parted this life the 23d of May, Anno Dom. 1707, and in the 
46th year of his age.” This Mr. Watts, as I am informed by the 
Rev. Mr. Davenport, was owner of, and lived at the estate of 
Ryhon-Clifford, which was once the property of Dr. Hall. 

Elizabeth, our poet’s grand-daughter, who appears to have been 
a favourite, Shakspeare having left her by his will a memorial of 
his affection, though she at that time was but eight years old, was 
born in February 1607-8, as appears by an entry in the Register 
of Stratford, which Mr, West omitted in the transcript with which 
he furnished Mr. Steevens. I learn from the same Register that 
she was married in 1626: ‘* Marriaces. April 22, 1626, Mr. 
Thomas Nash to Mistriss Elizabeth Hall.” It should be remem- 
bered that every unmarried lady was called Mistress till the time 
of George I. Hence our author's Mistresse Anne Page. Nor in 
speaking of an unmarried lady could her Christian name be omitted, 
as it often is at present; for then no distinction would have 
remained between her and her mother. Some married ladies 
indeed were distinguished from their daughters by the title of 
Madam, 

The following is the inscription on Mr, Nash’s tomb-stone in 
the chancel of the church of Stratford: 

‘“* Here resteth y*body of Thomas Nashe, Esq. He mar. Eli- 


STRATFORD REGISTER. - 619 


Richard, son of Thomas Quiney, was buried Feb. 26, 
1638 [1638-9]. 


zabeth the daugh, and heire of John Hall, Gent. He died April 
4th, A°. 1647, aged 53.” 
‘ Fata manent omnes; hunc non virtute carentem, 
“ Ut neque divitiis, abstulit atra dies. 
** Abstulit, at referet lux ultima. Siste, viator ; 
“« Si peritura paras, per male parta peris,” 
The letters printed in Italicks are now obliterated. 
By his last will, which is in the Prerogative-Office, dated Au- 
gust 26, 1642, he bequeathed to his well beloved wife, Elizabeth <><. 
Nash, and her assigns, for her life (in lieu of jointure and <2. “7 Yes 
thirds), one messuage or tenement, with the appurtenances, / 
situate in the Chapel Street in Stratford, then in the tenure and 
occupation of Joan Norman, widow; one meadow, known by 
the name of the Square Meadow, with the appurtenances, in 
the parish of old Stratford, lying near unto the great stone-bridge 
of Stratford; one other meadow with the appurtenances, known 
by the name of the Wash Meadow; one little meadow with the 
appurtenances, adjvining to the said Wash Meadow; and also all 


London, his heirs and assigns (inter alia), the messuage or ah Ane pe 
tenement, then in his own occupation, called The New-Place, © ~~ —— 
situate in the Chapel Street, in Stratford; together with all and 

singular houses, outhouses, barns, stables, orchards, gardens, ease- 

ments, profits, or commodities, to the same belonging ; and also 
four-yard land of arable land, meadow, and pasture, with the appur- 
tenances, lying and being in the common fields of Old Stratford, 

with all the easements, profits, commons, commodities, and here- 
ditaments, of the same four-yard lands belonging ; then in the 

tenure, use, and occupation of him the said Thomas Nash; and one 

other messuage or tenement, with the appurtenances, situate in 

the parish of » in London, and called or known by the name 

of The Wardrobe, and then in the tenure, use, and occupation 

of ——— Dickes. And from and after the death of his said wife, he 
bequeaths the meadows above named, and devised to her for life, 

to his said cousin Edward Nash, his heirs and assigns for ever. 


b 
bain 


620 ; STRATFORD REGISTER. 
LO 2 hig hes 3: : 1 

William Hart 7 was buried March 29, 1639. | 
Mary, daughter of Thomas Hart, was ‘baptized June 18, 

1641. 
Joan Hart, widow, was buried Nov. 4, 1646. . 
Thomas Nash, Esq. was buried April 5, 1647: ho Zhe 4 Py £14) 
_ Mrs. Susanna Hall, widow, was buried i July 16, 1649. 


After various other bequests, he directs that one hundred pounds, 
at the least, be laid out in mourning gowns, cloaks, and apparel, 
to be distributed among his kindred and friends, in such mammer 
as his executrix shall think fit. He appoints his wife Elizabeth 
Nash his residuary legatee, and sole executrix, and ordains 
Edmund Rawlins, William Smith, and John Easton, overseers 
of his will, to which the witnesses are John Such, Michael 
Jonson, and Samuel Rawlins. ? : 

By a nuncupative codicil dated on the day of his death, April 
4th, 1647, he bequeaths (énter alia) “ to his mother Mrs. Halk 
fifty pounds; to Elizabeth Hathaway fifty pounds ;-to Thomas’ 
Hathaway fifty pounds; to Judith Hathaway ten pounds; to his 
uncle Nash and his aunt, his cousin Sadler and his wife, his 
cousin Richard Quiney and his wife, his cousin Thomas Quiney 
and his wife, twenty shillings each, to buy them rings.” The 
meadows which by his will he had devised to his wife for life, 
he by this codicil devises to her, her heirs and assigns, for ever, 
to the end that they may not be severed from her own land; and 
he ‘‘ appoints and declares that the inheritance of his land given 
to his cousin Edward Nash should be by him settled, after his 
decease, upon his son Thomas Nash, and his heirs, and for want 
of such heirs then to remain and descend to his own ss 
heirs.” 

It is observable that in this will the testator makes no mention 
of any child, and there is no entry of any issue of his marriage 
in the Register of Stratford; Ihave no doubt, therefore, that he 
died without issue. 

It has been supposed that the family of Miller of Hide-Hall, 
in the county of Herts, were descended from Dr. Hall’s daughter 
Elizabeth ; and to prove this fact, the following pedigree was 
transmitted some years ago by Mr. Whalley to Mr. Steevens : 


STRATFORD REGISTER. 621 


Mr. Richard Queeny °, gent. of London, was buried May 
23, 1656. 

George Hart, son of Thomas Hart, was married by Francis 
Smyth, Justice of peace, to Hester Ludiate, daughter 
of Thomas Ludiate, Jan. 9, 1657 [1657-8]... 

Elizabeth, daughter of George Hart, was baptized Jan. 9, 
1658 [1658-9]. 

Jane, daughter of George Hart, was baptized Dec. 21, 
1661. 

Judith, wife of Thomas Quiney, gent. was buried Feb. 9, 
1661 [1661-2). 


John Hall=—=Susanna, dough ter and co-heiress of 
Ty William Shakspeare. 


Elizabeth fai a tever Nash, Esq. 
at iy 


A daughter = bg Reginald Forster, of Warwickshire. 


Franklyn Miller—Jane Forster. 
of Hide-Hall, 
co. Hertford. 


Nicholas hen Tak venctarpestct 


Nicholas 1 Miller of Hide- 

Hall, the only surviving branch 
_ ‘of the family of Miller. 

But this pedigree is founded on a mistake, and there is un- 
doubtedly no lineal descendant of Shakspeare now living. The 
mistake was, the supposing that Sir Reginald Forster married a 
daughter of Mr. Thomas Nash and Elizabeth Hall, who had no 
issue, either by that gentleman or her second husband, Sir John 
Barnard. Sir Reginald Forster married the daughter of Edward 
Nash, Esq. of East Greenwich, in the county of Kent, cousin- 
german to Mr. Thomas Nash; and the pedigree ought to have 
been formed thus : 


4 STRATFORD REGISTER. 


” Saisie daughter of George Hart, was baptized March 
18, 1663-4]. 


re ta 
poe 


Tho. Nesh=-Elizabeth eee John Barnard. 


~ a Nosh =| oe 


Thomas Nash. wad Nash. Mary a ab nb Forster, Esq. 
rds Sir Regi- 


ae wid? Posts: Bart. 
| 


Reginald Forster. Mary Forster. Franklyn Miller—Jane Forster. 
of Hide-Hall, 
co. Hertford, 


Will. Norcliffe, Esq.—=Jane Miller. Nicholas nie Came 


Nicholas Franklyn Miller ss A 
—— Mundy, Esq. 7 —Miller. 


| 
Edward Miller Mu the 
present owner of mieten, 


That I am right in this statement, appears from the will of 
Edward Nash (see p, 619), and from the following jinscription 
on a monument in the church of Stratford, erected some time 
after the year 1733, by Jane Norcliffe, the wife of William Nor- 
cliffe, Esq. and only daughter of Franklyn Miller, by Jane 
Forster : 

* P.M.S, 

** Beneath lye interred the body's of Sir Reginald Forster, Ba- 

ronet, and dame Mary his wife, daughter of Edward Nash of 


STRATFORD REGISTER. 623 


‘ 


Shakspeare, son of George Hart, was baptized Nov. 18, 
1666. 


East Greenwich, in the county of Kent,” &c. For this inscrip- 
tion I am indebted to the kindness of the Rev. Mr. Davenport, 
Vicar of Stratford-upon-Avon. 
Reginald Forster, Esq. who lived at Greenwich, was created a 
Baronet, May 4, 1661. His son Reginald, who married Miss 
Nash, succeeded to the title on the death of his father, some 
time after the year 1679. Their only son, Reginald, was buried 
at Stratford, Aug. 10, 1685; and their daughter Jane, the wife 
of Francklyn Miller, Esq. was buried there in Feb. 1731-2. 
Mrs. Elizabeth Nash was married to her second husband, Sir 44. . han hor 


( John Barnard, at Billesley, about three miles from Stratford- <j “~~ er 


Mati far 
' upon-Avon, June 5, 1649, and was buried at Abington, in the ~~~ pails 
sber 


county of Northampton, Feb, 17, 1669-70; and with her the <7. .--/ -/- 

family of our poet became extinct. ee Th 
Sir John Barnard of Abington, a small village about a mile 

from the town of Northampton, was created a Knight by King 

Charles II. Nov. 25, 1661. In 1671 he sold the manor and 

advowson of the church of Abington, which his ancestors had 

possessed for more than two hundred years, to William Thursby, 

Esq. Sir John Barnard was the eldest son of Baldwin Barnard, 

Esq. by Eleanor, daughter and co-heir of John Fulwood of Ford, . 4 <.. “ 

Hall in the county of Warwick, Esq. and was born in 1605. He <-# + #- 

first married Elizabeth, the daughter of Sir Clement Edmonds of 

Preston, in Northamptonshire, by whom he had four sons and 

four daughters. She dying in 1642, he married secondly our 

poet's grand-daughter, Mrs. Elizabeth Nash, on the 5th of June 

1649, at Billesley in Warwickshire, about three miles from 

Stratford-upon-Avon. If any of Shakspeare’s manuscripts remained 

in his grand-daughter's custody at the time of her second mar- 

riage (and some /etters at least she surely must have had), they 

probably were then removed to the house of her new husband at 


_ Abington. Sir Hugh Clopton, who was born two years after her 


death, mentioned to Mr. Macklin, in the year 1742, an old tra- 
dition that she had carried away with her from Stratford many of 
her grandfather's papers. On the death of Sir John Barnard 
they must have fallen into the hands of Mr. Edward Bagley, Lady 


pf brs: 


624 _ STRATERORD REGISTER. 


Mary, daughter of George Hart, was baptized Moga 31, 
1671. 


Barnard’s executor; and if any descendant of that gentleman be 
now living, in his custody they probably remain. mei 
‘Confiding in a pedigree transmitted by Mr. Whalley. some 
years ago to Mr. Steevens, I once supposed that Mr. Rowe was 
inaccurate in saying that our poet’s grand-daughter died without 
issue., But he. was certainly right ; and this lady was undoubtedly 
the last lineal descendant of Shakspeare. There is no entry; as I 
have already observed, in the register of Stratford, of any issue of 
hers by Mr. Nash; nor does he in his. will mention: any» child, 
devising the greater part of his property between his wife and his 
kinsman, Edward Nash... That, Lady Barnard had no issue by 
her second: husband, is) proved by the register of Abington, in 
which there is no entry of the baptism of any child of that mar- 
riage, though there are. regular entries of the time when the 
several children of Sir John Barnard by his first wife were bap- 
tized. Lady Barnard died, at Abington, and was buried there on 
the 17th of February, 1669-70; but her husband did not show his 
respect for her memory by a monument, or even an inscription of 
any kind. He seems not to have been sensible of the honourable 
alliance he had made. Shakspeare’s grand-daughter would not, 
at this day, go to her grave without a memorial. By her last 
will, which I subjoin, .she directs her trustee. to sell her estate of 
New-place, &c. to the best bidder, and to offer it first to her 
cousin Mr. Edward Nash. How she then came to have any pro- 
perty in New-Place, which her first husband had devised to this 
very Edward Nash, does not appear; but I suppose that after the 


| death of Mr. Thomas Nash she exchanged the patrimonial lands 


which he bequeathed to her, with Edward Nash and hi son, and 
\took New-Place, &c. instead of them. 

Sir John Barnard died at Abington, and was buried there on 
March 5th, 1673-4. On his tomb-stone, in the chancel of the 
church, is the following inscription : 

“Hic jacent exuvie. generosissimi  viri Johannis Bernard, 
militis; patre, avo, abayo, tritavo, aliisque progenitoribus per 
ducentos et amplius annos hujus oppidi de Abingdon dominis, in- 


STRATFORD. REGISTER. — 6265 


Thomas, son of George Hart, was baptized March 3, 
1673 [1673-4]. 


signis : qui fato cessit undeseptuagesimo etatis sus anno, quinto 
nonas, Martii, annoque a partu B. Virginis, MDCLXXIII.” 
Sir John Barnard having made no will, administration of his 
effects was granted on the 7th of November 1674, to Henry 
Gilbert of Locko in the county of Derby, who had married his 
daughter Elizabeth by his first wife, and to his two other surviv- 
ing daughters; Mary Higgs, widow of Thomas Higgs of Coles- 
borne, Esq. and Eleanor Cotton, the wife of Samuel Cotton, Esq. 
All Sir John Barnard’s other children except the three above- 
mentioned died without issue. I know not whether any descendant 
of these be now living: but if that should-be the case, among 
their papers may probably be found some fragment or other rela- 
tive to Shakspeare; for by his grand-daughter’s order, the admi- 
nistrators of her husband were entitled to keep possession of her 
house, &c. in Stratford, for six months after his death. 
The following is a copy of the will of this last descendant of 
our poet, extracted from the registry of the Prerogative Court of 
Canterbury : 
“In the name of God, Amen. I Dame Elizabeth Barnard, 
wife of Sir John Barnard of Abington in the county of Northamp- 
ton, knight, being in perfect memory, (blessed be God!) and 
mindful of mortality, do make this my last will and testament in 
manner and form following : 
“«« Whereas by my certain deed or writing under my. hand and 
seal, dated on or about the eighteenth day of April, 1653, accord- 
ing to, a power therein mentioned, I the said Elizabeth have hasereed rf hove 
limited and disposed of all that my messuage with the appurte- — PRBS 
nances in Stratford-upon-Avon, in the county of Warwick, called ~<. ~~~: 
the New-place, and all that four-yard land and an half in Strat- | epee She 
ford-Welcombe and Bishopton in the county of Warwick, (after —— A-~<-“Z “7 
the decease of the said Sir John Barnard, and me the said Eliza-.- < oF pre 
beth,) unto Henry Smith of Stratford aforesaid, Gent. and Job “~~ a L feb 
Dighton of the Middle Temple, London, Esq. since deceased, cx. exes 
and their heirs; upon trust that they, and the survivor, and the ~ Fy LCi fe 
heirs of such survivor, should bargain and sell the same for the 
best value they can get, and the money thereby to be raised to be 
VOL. II. 2s 


626 _ STRATFORD REGISTER. 


George, son of George Hart, was baptized August 20, 
1676. 


employed and disposed of to such person and persons, and in such 
manner as I the said Elizabeth should by any writing or note 
under my hand, truly testified, declare and nominate; as thereby 
may more fully appear. Now my will is, and I do hereby signify 
and declare my mind and meaning to be, that the said Henry 
Smith, my surviving trustee; or his heirs, shall with all conve- 
nient speed after the decease of the said Sir John Barnard my 
husband, make sale of the inheritance of all and singular the pre- 

{ mises, anid that my loving cousin Edward Nash, Esq. shall have 

| the first offer or refusal thereof, according to my promise formerly 
madé to him: and the monies to be raised by such sale I do give, 
dispose of, atid appoint the satié to be paid arid distributed, as is 
herein after expressed ; that is to say, to my cousin Thomas 
Welles of Carleton, in the county of Bedford, Gent. the sum of 
fifty pounds, “to be paid him within oné year next after such sale: 
und if the said Thomas Wells shall happen to die before such 
time as his said legacy shall become due to him, then my desire 
is, that my kinsman Edward Bagley, citizen of London, shall 
have the sole benefit thereof. 

“Item, I do give and appoint unto Judith Hathaway, one of 
the daughters of my kinsman Thomas Hathaway, late of Strat 
ford aforesaid, the annual sum of five pounds of lawful money of 
England, to be paid unto her yearly and every year, from and 
after the decease of the said survivor of the said Sir John Bar- 
nard and me the said Elizabeth; for and during the natural life of 
her the said Judith, at the two most usual feasts or days of pay- 
ment in the year, videlicet, the feast of the annunciatio# of the 
Blessed Virgin Mary, and Saint Michael the archangel, by equal 
portions, the first payment thereof to begin at such of the said 
feasts as shall next happen after the decease of the survivor of 
the said Sir John Barnard and me the said Elizabeth, if the said 
premises can be so soon sold; or otherwise so soon as the same 
can be sold: and if the said Judith shall happen _to_marty, and 
shall be minded to release the said annual sum of five pounds, and 
shall accordingly telease and quit all her interest and right in 
and to the same after it shall become due to her, then and in such 


STRATFORD REGISTER. "627 
Margaret Hart 9, widow, was buried Nov. 28, 1682. 


case, I do give and appoint to her the sum of forty pounds in lieu 
thereof, to be paid unto her at the time of the executing bheagek 
release as aforesaid, - 

“Item, [ give and! appoint unto Joan the wife of Edward 

_Kent, and one other of the daughters of the said Thomas: Hatha- 
way, the sum of fifty pounds, to be likewise paid unto her within 
one year next after the decease of the survivor of the said Sir 
John Barnard and me the said Elizabeth; if the said premisés: can 
be so soon sold, or otherwise so soon asthe same ¢an be sold; and 
if the said Joan shall happen to: die before the said fifty pounds 
shall be paid to her, then Ido give and appoint the same unto 
Edward Kent the younger, her son, to be paid unto him when he 
shall attain the age of one-and-twenty years. 

“Item, I do also give and appoint unto him the said Edward 
Kent, son of the said Jobn, the sum of thirty pounds, towards ~~. 
putting him out as an apprentice, and to be paid and disposed — 
to that use when he shall be fit for it. 

* Item, I do give or appoint and dispose of unto Rose, Eliza- 
beth, and Susanna, three other of the daughters of my said kins- 
man Thomas Hathaway, the sum of forty pounds a-piece, to be 
paid unto every of them at such time and in such manner as the 
said fifty pounds before appointed to the said Joan Kent, their 
sister, shall become payable. 

“Item, All the rest of the monies that shall be raised by such 
sale as aforesaid, I give and dispose of unto my said kinsman_ 
Edward Bagley, except five pounds only, which I give and appoint 
to my said trustee Henry Smith for his pains; and if the said 
Edward Nash shall refuse the purchase of the said messuage and 
four-yard land and a half with the appurtenances, then my will 
and desire is, that the said Henry Smith or his heirs shall sell the 
inheritance of the said premises and every part thereof unto the 
said Edward Bagley, and that he shall purchase the same ; upon 
this condition, nevertheless, that he the said Edward Bagley, his 
heirs, executors, or administrators, shall justly and, faithfully 
perform my will and true meaning, in making due payment of all 
the several sums of money or legacies before mentioned, in such 
manner as aforesaid, And I do hereby declare my will and mean- 


2s 2 


628 STRATFORD REGISTER. 


Daniel Smith and Susanna Hart were married April 16, 
sail 


ing to be that the executors or sdsniniatiatit of my said husband 
Sir John Barnard shall have and enjoy the use and benefit of my 
‘said house in Stratford, called the New-Place, with the orchards, 
gardens, and all other the appurtenances thereto belonging, for 
and during the space of six months next after ans rene se him 
the said Sir John Barnard. 

«Item, I give and devise unto my kinsman, Thomas Hart, the 
son of Thomas Hart, late of Stratford-upon-Avon aforesaid, all 
that my other messuage or inn situate in Stratford-upon-Avon 
aforesaid, commonly called the Maidenhead, with the: appurte- 
nances, and the next house thereunto adjoining, with the barn 
belonging to the same, now or late in the occupation of Michael 
Johnson or his assigns, with all and singular the appurtenances ; 
to hold to him the said Thomas Hart the son, ‘and’ the heirs of 
his body ; and for default of such issue, I give and devise the 
same to George Hart, brother of the said Thomas Hart, and to 
the heirs of his body; and for default of such issue to - right 
heirs of me the said Elizabeth Barnard for ever. 

« Ttem, I do make, ordain, and appoint my said loving idlisan 
Edward Bagley sole executor of this my last will and testament, 
hereby revoking all former wills ; desiring him to see a just per- 
formance hereof, according to my true intent and meaning. In 
witness whereof I the said Elizabeth Barnard have hereunto set 
my hand and seal, the nine-and-twentieth day of January, Anno 
Domini, one thousand six hundred and sixty-nine. 

** ELIZABETH Dénadions 

« Signed, sealed, published, and declared to be the last will 

and testament of wa said Elizabeth Barnard, in the presence of 
** Joun Howsgs, Rector de Abington. 
* Francis WICKEs. 

** Probatum fuit testamentum suprascriptum apud, aades 
Exonienses situat.'in le Strand, in comitatu Middx. 
quarto die mensis Martij, 1669, coram venerabili viro 
Domino Egidio Sweete, milite. et legum doctore, surro- 
gato, &c. juramento Edwardi Bagley, unici executor. 
nominat. cui, &c. de bene, &c, jurat.”” 


STRATFORD REGISTER. 629 


Shakspeare Hart was married to Anne’ Prew, April 10, 
1694. 

William Shakspeare, son of Shakspeare Hart, was bap- 
tized Sept. 14, 1695. 

Hester, wife of George Hart, was buried April 29, 1696. 

Anne, daughter of Shakspeare and Anne Hart, was bap- 
tized Aug. 9, 1700. 

George, son of George and Mary Hart, was baptized Nov. 
29, 1700. 

George Hart* was buried May 3, 1702. 

Hester, Daughter of George Hart, was baptized Feb. 10, 
1702 [1702-3]. 

Catharine, daughter of Shakspeare and Anne Hart, was 
baptized July 19, 1703. 

Mary, daughter of George Hart, was baptized. Oct. 7, 
1705. 

Mary, wife of George Hart, was buried Oct. 7, 1705. 

George Hart was married to Sarah Mountford, Feb. 20, 
1728 [1728-9]. 


7 The eldest son of Joan Hart, our poet's sister. He was a 
player, and, I believe, father to Charles Hart, the celebrated tra- 
gedian. I have not found any entry in the register of the deaths 
of his brothers Thomas and Michael Hart. 

8 This gentleman was born in 1587, and was brother to Thomas 
Quiney, who married Shakspeare’s youngest daughter. It does 


’ not appear when Thomas Quiney died. There is a defect in the 


Pn 


register during the years 1642, 1643, and 1644; and another 
lacuna from March 17, to Nov. 18, 1663, Our poet's son-in- 
law probably died in the latter of those periods; for his wife, 
who died in Feb. 1661-2, in the register of burials for that year is 
described thus: “ Judith, wor Thomas Quiney.” Had her 
husband been then dead, she would have been denominated vidua. 

9 Probably the wife of Thomas Hart, who must have been 
married in or before the year 1633. The marriage ceremony was 
not performed at Stratford, there being no entry of it in the 
register. 

+ He was born in 1636. 


A frees. 


630 STRATFORD. REGISTER. 


Thomas, son of George Hart, Jun. woahiptond Map®, 

; 1729. 

— cn bp Hart, was baptized Sept 29, 

7 

Anne, daughter, of Shakspeare Hart, was buried. March 
29, 1738. - 

Anne, deaghior: of George Hart,..was baptized Sept. 29, 

; 1740... 

William Shakspeare, son of William Shakepeare Hatt, 
was baptized Jan. 8,.1743 [1743-4]... 

William Shakspeare, son of William Shakspeare Hart, 
was buried March 8, 1744 [1744-5]. 

William, son of George Hart, was buried April 28, 1746, 

George Hart? was buried Aug. 29, 1745. 

Thomas, son of William Shakspeare Hart, was, buried 
March 12, 1746 [1746-7]. 

Shakspeare Hart* was buried July 7, 1747. 

Catharine, daughter of William Shakspeare Hart, was 
baptized May 10, 1748. 

William Shakspeare Hart‘ was buried Feb. 28, 1749 
[1749-50], 

The widow Hart °.was buried July 10, 1753, 

John, son of Thomas Hart, was baptized Aug. 18, 1755. 

Anne, daughter of Shakspeare and Anne Hart, was buried 
Feb. 5, 1760. 

Frances, daughter of Thomas Hart, was baptized Aug. 8, 
1760. 


3 He was born in 1676, and was great grandson to Joan Hart, 

4 He was born in 1666, and was also great grandson to Joan 
Hart, 

5 He was born in 1695. 

6 This absurd mode of entry seems to have been adopted for 
the purpose of concealment rather than information; for by the 
omission of the Christian name, it is impossible to ascertain from 
the register who was meant. The person here described was, I 
believe, Anne, the widow of Shakspeare Hart, who flied in 1747, 


STRATFORD REGISTER. 631 
Thomas, son of Thomas Hart, was baptized Aug. 10, 
1764. 


Anne, daughter of Thomas Hart, was baptized Jan. 16, 
1767. 


Sarah, daughter of George Hart, was buried Sept. 10, 
1768. 


Frances, daughter of Thomas Hart, was buried Oct. 31, 
1774. 


George Hart 7 was buried July 8, 1778. 


7 He was born in 1700. 


EXTRACTS OF ENTRIES. 


ON THE 


_.4¢/., BOOKS OF THE STATIONERS’ COMPANY. — 


— 


N. B. The terms 6a ‘ahd ballad were anciently used to signify 
dramatick works, as well as any other forms of composition ; 
while tragedy and comedy were titles very often bestowed on 
novels of the serious and the lighter kind. Srzzvens. 


i 


A CuarTeEr was granted to the Company of Stationers 
on the 4th of May, 1556 (third and fourth of Philip and 
Mary), and was confirmed by Queen Elizabeth in 1560. 

The first volume of these Entries has been either lost 
or destroyed, as the earliest now to be found is lettered 
B:3. The hall was burnt down in the fire of London. 
The entries began July 17, 1576. 


1562. 
[+ Recevyd of M. Tottle for his licence forpryntinge 
of the tragicall History of the Romeus 
and Juliett with Sonnettes...... A. fol. 86.a4.] 


Again, Feb. 18, NOS. iw.0iaie-alimabewane aie Vol. B. 
M. Tottell.] Romeo and Juletta5......seeeee6 Pp» 193. 


3 Since this was written, the first volume, marked A, has been 
found. Matone. 
4 This article, within crotchets, is from vol. i. which (as Mr. 
Malone observes) has since been discovered. StTeEVENS. 
5 This and the foregoing are perhaps the original works on 
which Shakspeare founded his play of Romeo and Juliet. 
STEEVENS. 


STATIONERS’ REGISTERS. 633 


[ Again, Aug. 5, 1596,—as a newe ballad, for 
Edward White pir he a lla fe hha 


pookaes April 3, 1592. 


Edw. White] The tragedy of Arden of Fever- 
sham and Black Will®, e eter eeeeseseee 286 


April 18, 1693. 
Rich. Feild.] ‘A. booke entitled’ Venus and 
Adonin®ciied cals hooaoooss Je 105, 297 b. 
Afterwards entered by: Harrison, 
sen. June 23,1594: by W. Leake, June 23, 
1596: by W. Barrett, Feb. 16, 1616: 
and by John Parker, March 8, 1619.” 


© This play was reprinted in 1770 at Feversham, with a preface 
attributing it to Shakspeare. The collection of parallel passages 
which the editor has brought forward to justify. his supposition, is 
such as will make the reader smile. The following is a speci- 
men: 
Arden of Feversham, p. 74: 
“ Fling down Endimion, and snatch him up.” 
Merchant of Venice; Act V. Sc. L: 
* Peace, ho! the moon sleeps with Endymion.” 
Arden of Feversham, p.'87 : 
‘* Let my death make amends for all my sin.” 
.Much Ado About Nothing, Act IV. Sc. IL: 
** Death is the fairest cover for her shame.” Sreevens, 
7 The last stanza of a poem entitled Mirrha the Mother of 
Adonis ; or Lustes Prodegies, by William Barksted, 1607, has the 
following praise of Shakspeare’s Venus and Adonis: 
** But stay, my muse, in thy own confines keepe, 
** And wage not warre with so deere-lov'd a neighbor ; 
** But, having sung thy day'song, rest and sleepe, » — 
* Preserve thy small fame and his greater favor. 
_ His song was worthie merit, (Shakspeare hee) 
* Sung the faire blossome, thou the withered tree: 
** Laurel is due to him ; his art and wit 
‘* Hath purchas’d it ;, cypres thy brow will fit.” 
| SrEevens. 


634 ENTRIES ON THE 
Oct. 19, 1593, 


Symon Waterson.] A booke entitled the Tragedye 
of Cleopatra ® CoP eee me sorereeerees 301 b. 


Feb. 6, 1593. 
John ‘Danter:} « & booke entitled € noble Roman 
Historye of Tytus Andronicus ........ 304 b. 
Entered also unto him by warrant - 
from Mr. Woodcock, the ballad’ thereof. 


March 12, 1593. 

Tho. Millington.] A booke intituled the Firste 
Part of the Contention of the twoo 
famous Houses of Yorke and Lancaster, 
with the Deathe of the good Duke Hum- 
phrey, and the Banishment and Deathe 
of the Duke of Sufk, and the tragical 
Ende of the prowd Cardinall of Win- 

: chester, with the notable Rebellion of 
Jack Cade, and the Duke of York’s first - 
Claime unto the Crown ...+esse0seses 305 b. 


May 2, 1594. 
Peter Shorte.] A plesant conceyted hystorie © 
called the Tayminge of a Shrowe®. .... 306 b. 


May 9, 1594, 
: Mr. Harrison Sen,] A booke entitled the Ra- 
| vyshement of Lucrece, SUSE RES we BORO 


® I suppose this to be Daniel's tragedy of Cleopatra. Simon 
Waterson was one of the printers of his other works.’ Srzevens. 
Daniel’s Cleopatra was published by Waterson in 1594 ; this 
entry therefore undoubtedly related toit, Matone. 
9 I conceive it to be the play that furnished Shakspeare with 
9 th. f.tthré the materials which he afterwards worked up into another with 
Bi pe ~<-~-AeAhe same title. Sreevens. 


= on = 
a Sea 
Cin Bee £103 (Of / 


—— 


STATIONERS’ REGISTERS. 635 


May 14, 1694. 
Tho. Creede.] A booke intitled the famous| View’ 
tories of Henrye the Ffyft, conteyninge 
the honorable Battell of Agincourt’... 306 b. 


May 14, 1594. i: 
Edw. White.]. A booke entituled the Moste,fa-... 
mous Chronicle Historye of LeixeKinge,.. 
of England and his three Daughters *,.. 307 


May 22, 1594, 
Edw. White.] A booke entituled a Wynters 
Nightes Pastime ?. eeeeerececs oper eeee 307 b. 


June 19, 1594, 
Tho. Creede.] An enterlude intitled the Tragedie 
of Richard the Third, wherein is showen 
the Death of Edward the Fourthe,, with 
the Smotheringe of the twoo Princes in 
the Tower, with a lamentable End of 
Shore’s Wife, and the Conjunction of 
the twoo Houses of Lancaster and York +, 309 b, 


* This might have been the very displeasing play mentioned .. -_¢. 
in the epilogue to the second part of King Henry IV. Srzzvens. o3 So7° Geccd, 
The earliest edition of this play now known to be extant, was alte 29) a 
printed in 1598. Of that edition I have acopy, This piece fur- ~~ mn A fo whee 
nished Shakspeare with the outline of the two parts of King ~ ett ba fee 
Henry IV. as well as with that of King Henry V. Matone. Slop om pes 
2 I suppose this to be the play on the wenniee te that of Ze pe 
our author, but written before it. Srzevens. > ers Hf 
3, Query if The Winter's Tale.. Srzevens. —s Sas LF 
4 This could not have been the work of Shakspeare, as the 
death of Jane:Shore makes no part of his drama. Srezvens. 
The play here entered, I believe to have been The true Tragedy’ 
of Richard the Third, which will be found appended to Shak- 
speare’s drama in this edition. Boswexx. 


636 ENTRIES ON THE 


July 20; 1594. 
Tho. Creede.] The lamentable Tragedie of Lo- 
crine, the eldest Sonne of K. Brutus, 
discoursinge the Warres of the Britans, 


&e. CCFC SCE SESE HEHEHE EHOH HOES 310 b. 5 


Vol. C. 
[Before the beginning of this volume are placed 
two leaves containing irregular entries, prohibi- 
tions, notes, &c. Among these are the fol- 


me 6 Aug. 4th. “av0o- 4 ay 
As You Like It, a book. eit 
Henry the Fift, a book 5. be be staied. 
Comedy of Much Ado about Nothing. 
The dates scattered over these pages are from 


| 1596 to 1615. 
Dec. 1, 1595. 


Cuthbert Burby.] A book entituled Edward the 
Third and the Black Prince, their Warres 
with Kinge John of Fraunce®. ........ 6 


Aug.5, 1596. 
Edw. White.] A newe ballad of Romeo and 
NMHC T os vacate sce Cavened cna tees 12 b. 


Aug. 15, 1597. 
Rich, Jones.] Two ballads, beinge the ffirste and 


5 Probably the play before that of Glebtiienres Aubalclenl 

Surely this must have been Shakspeare’s Henry V. whichy:a as 
well as Much Ado About. Nothing, was printed in'1600, when 
this entry appears to have been ‘made. See the Essay onthe 
chronological order of Shakspeare’s plays ; article, As You Like 
It,, Martone. 

6 This is ascribed to Shakspeare by the comnlieis of ancient 
catalogues. STEEVENS. 

7 Query, if Shakspeare’s» play, the first edition of which _ 
peared in 1597. SrEEveENs, : 


5 ‘ 


STATIONERS’ REGISTERS. 637 


second parts of the Widowe of Watling- 
streete §, steeeeeeseeeereeesereeeeee oe D, 


Aug. 29, 1597. : 
Andrew Wise.] The tragedye of Richard the 
Seconde aie.enh sae ebb shan ewawatees 20 


Oct. 20, 1597. 
Andrew Wise.] The tragedie of Kinge Richard 
the Third, with the Death of the Duke 
OF Clarened ocscccscdecvedeseecutece: op 


Feb. 25, 1597, - 
Andrew Wise.] A booke entitled” the Historye >». 
“77 of Henry the Fourth, with his Battaile 
at Shrewsburye against Henry Hott- 
spurre of the Northe with the conceipted 
Mirth of Sir John Falstalffe .......... 31 


July 22, 1598. 

James Robertes.] A booke of the Marchaunt of 
Venyce, or otherwise called the Jewe of 
Venyse. Provided that yt bee not prynted 
by the said James Roberts or anye other 
whatsoever, without lycence first had of 
the right honourable the Lord Cham- 
Derlen ..cccccvcescvecreccosccescecs OF De 


[r Aug. 4, [1600.7 ‘ 24 
As You Like It, abook.. Henry the Ffift, a book. fh 030, Hosta 
Every Man in his Humour, a book. The elf? SirehE 
Comedie of Much Adoo about Nothinge, 
veh a book. 


® Perhaps the songs on which the play with the same title was 
founded. It may, however, be the play itself. It was not un- | 
common to divide one dramatick piece, though designed for a : 
single exhibition, into two parts. See the King John before that 
of Shakspeare. Szzgvens. 


| 
| 
| 


* _ /ENTRIES ON THE. . 


| Aug. 11, 1600.,, 
Tho. Pavier-] First. Part. of the History; ‘of the 
Life of Sir John Oldcastle Lord Cobham. 
%: farmer frsnnn ke Item, The Second and last Parte of 
bo bovis, i 7 the History of Sir John Oldcastell Lord 
AE Wend AES,” ~ Cophain, ‘with hi Mattyrdom's.5.., 62 


Gantry eer Cat) 
Aug. 14, 1600. 


Tho. Pavyer.] The Historye of Henrye the Vth, — 
with the battel of Agencourt, &c...... 63 


Aug. 23, 1600. 
And. Wise, and Wm. Aspley.] Muche Adoe about 
INQEUINGS » 09 0 065.00 cas « om s6-0a bane 
Second Part of the History of King — 
Henry the Fourth, with the Humors of 
Sir John Fallstaff, written by Mr. 
“SHAR WAVEMIG s cccs cides ce cee cecce Tie 


Oct. 8, 1600. 
Tho. Fysher.] A booke called a Mydsomer Nyghte 
DITCOIOG, 55.5 6 009.994 60-00 cesne toners Me 


Oct. 28, 1600. 
Tho. Haies.J] The book of the Merchant of 
Venyce. eee ee ee eee ee ee ee ee 66 


si s Jan. 18, 1601. 
John Busby.] An excellent suit pleasant con- 
; ceited commedie of Sir John’ Faulstof 
and the Merry Wyves of Windesor.... 78 
Arth. Johnson.) The preceding entered as as- 
’ signed to him from John Busby. ...... ibid. 


April 19, 1602. 
Tho. Pavier.] By Assignment from Tho. Mil- 
lington, Salvo jure cujus cumg. The 
1st and 2d pts of Henry the VI. ii books: 
Tho. Pavyer.] Titus and Andronicus.......... 80 b. 


Aas 309- 


STATIONERS’ REGISTERS. 639 


July 26, 1602. Fhetaa. Lb, othe 

James Roberts.] A booke The Revenge o wtf te beat [ig 
Hamlett prince of Denmarke, as Tethe Be aes 
latelie acted by the Lord Chamberlayn ante oe Beco 
his servantes. Ode oe ehewecccccccsces OF DK fons 29 

wan va 
“Aug. 11, 1602. 

Wm. Cotton.] A booke called the Lyfe and 
Deathe of the Lord Cromwell, as yt was 
lately acted by the Lord Chamberleyn 
his servants syeys « OOo giads ccccceeeeee OD, Ds 


Feb. 7, 1602, — 
Mr. Roberts.]_ The booke of Troilus and Cres- 
seda, as yt is acted by my Lo. Cham- ee 
berlen’s men. Pee e Poem eeer ares ereene 91 b. “4 
June 27, 1603. 
Matt. Law.] Richard 3. 
pan kings 


Richard 2, . 
Henry 4. Ist Part. 


Feb, 12, 1604, 

Nath. Poties.) Yf he get good allowance for the 
Enterlude of K. Henry 8, before he 
begyn to print it; and then procure the 
warden’s hands to it for the entrance of 
yt, he is to have the same for his copy». 120 


May 8, 1605. 

Simon Stafford.] A booke called the’ tragicall 
Historie of Kinge Leir and his three 
Daughters, &c. as yt was latelie acted. 123 

John Wright.) By assignment from Simon Staf- 
ford and consent of Mr. Leake, the tra- 


98 


9 This was a play entitled, “ When you see me you know me, 
or the famous Chronicle Historie of King Henrie the Eight,” &c. 
by Samuel Rowley. Printed for N. Butter, 1605. Matone. 

6 


640/4/ | ENTRIES ON THE, 


gical History of King Leire, and his 
three Daughters, provided that Simon 
Stafford shall have the printing of this 
book f, See rem men reser erersesrereses ibid. 


°' ‘July 3, 1605. 
Tho. Pavyer.] A ballad of lamentable Murther 
done in Yorkshire, by a Gent. upon two 
of his owne Children, sore wounding his 
Wyfe and Nurse’. .....scecceceesess 126 


' Jan. 22, 1606. 
Mr. Ling.] Romeo and Juliett.  / 

Love’s Labour Loste. 

Taminge of a Shrewe......e+sese0+ 147 


Aug.'6, 1607. 94 fas] 
Geo. Elde.] A booke called the Corhedie of the 
Puritan Wydowe. eeeeeeeee eee ee eeee 157 b. 


Aug. 6, 1607. 
Tho. Thorp.] A comedie called What you Will? ibid. 


Oct. 22, 1607. 
Arth. Johnson.] The Merry Devil of Edmonton * 159 b. 


Nov. 19, 1607. om four 
John Smythick.]» A booke called Hontet(, 
© po ~The Taminge of a Shrewe. 


' This is the King Lear before that of Shakspeare. Sreevens. 
2 Query, if the play. Srzevens. 
3 Perhaps this is Marston’s comedy of What You Will. I have 
a copy of it dated 1607. What. You Will, however, is the second 
title to Shakspeare’s Twelfth-Night. Srervens. . 
This was certainly Marston's play, for it was printed in 1607, by 
G. Eld, for T. Thorpe. Matone, 
4 The Merry Devil of Edmonton is mentioned .in the Blacke 
Booke by T. M. 1604: ‘ Give him leave to see The Merry Divel 
of Edmunton, or A Woman Kill’d with Kindnesse.” | SrEEVENs.- 
Ko faarkamnk om BK EY buat ome SH of, 


7. 


— 


Cne/f 
STATIONERS’ REGISTERS. phe i 


Romeo and Julett. : 
‘Love’s Labour Lost. sicsi.eeessecces 161 


Nov. 26, 1607. 
Nath. Butter and John Busby.] Mr. Willm. 
Shakespeare, his Hystorye of Kinge 
Lear, as yt was played before the King’s 
Majestie at Whitehall, upon St. Ste- 
phen’s night at Christmas last” by his x 26 Bee “lob. 
Majesties servants playing usually at 
the Globe on the Bank-side .......... 161 b. 


April 5, 1608. 
Joseph Hunt and Tho. Archer.] A book called 
’ the Lyfe and Deathe of the Merry 
Devill of Edmonton, with the pleasant 
Pranks of Smugge the Smyth, Sir John, 
and mine Hoste of the George, about 
their stealing of Venison. By T. B.*.. 165 b. Aan 7 208 


May 2, 1608. 
Mr. Pavyer.] A booke The Yorkshire Tragedy, 
written by Wylliam Shakespere ...... 167 


May 20, 1608. (} 2? fe) 
Edw. Blount.) The book of Pericles Prynce of 
TYre...0,o0cicind akame deme te en's cle cep ieee Me 
A book called Anthony and Cleopatra’... ibid. 277 "he b 


Jan. 28, 1608. 
Richard Bonion and Hen. Whalleys.] A booke 
called the History of Troylus and Cres- 
BUNB . 2 ossicles IRE aoe SUS TEM X aneirteee 


5 Bound up in a volume of plays attributed to Shakspeare, and 
once belonging to King Charles II. but now in Mr. Garrick’s 
‘collection. The initial letters at the end of this entry, sufficiently 
free Shakspeare from the charge of having been its author. 


x STEEVENS. 
VOL. II: 2T 


640 (¥ ’ ENTRIES ON THE 


May 20, 1609. 
Tho. ‘Thorpe. A booke called Shakespeare's 
BONNE ceevccccseccrgcrccsevccves 183 bz 


Oct. 16, 1609. 
Mr. Welby.] Edward the Third ,,............ 189 


Dec. 16, 1611. 
Valin Brown.] A booke called the Lyfe and 
, Death of the Lo. Cromwell, by W. S... 214 b. 


: Nov. 29, 1614. 
John Beale.) A booke called the Hystory of 
George Lord Faulconbridge, bastard 
Sonne to Richard Cordelion* .....+.. 256 b. 


Feb. 16, 1616. 
Mr. Barrett.] Life and Death of Lord Cromwell 279 


March 2, 1617. 
Mr. Snodham.] Edward the Third, the play.... 288 


Sept. 17, 1618. 
John Wright.] The comedy called Mucedorus? 293 b, 


July 8, 1619. 
Lau. Hayes.] A play called the Merchant of 
VOMiIGs sO Nae ue ee eee es eee s mee 
tat ' Vol. D. 
Oct. 6, 1621. 
Tho. Walkely.} The tragedie of Othello the 
Moore of Vettige |... cugissececsspeep ame 


® Query, if this was Shakspeare’s King John, or some old 
romance like that of Richard Coeur de Lion, Srgzvens. 

It was undoubtedly The Famous Historie of George Lord Fau- 
conbridge, a prose romance. I have an edition of it now before 
me printed for I, B, dated 1616, Matone, 

7 Bound up in a in a volume of plays attributed to Shakspeare, and 
once belonging to King Charles the Second. See Mr. Garrick's 
collection, Srzevens. 


STATIONERS’ REGISTERS. 641 


Noy, 8, 1623. ty 
Mr. Blounte and Isaak Jaggard.] Mr. William /¢e-p-7 24 
Shakespeere’s Comedyes, Histories, and jy em Laan Keren 


Tragedyes, soe many of the said Copies -*7- qanig 
as are not fo { stuf 
a. are not. f rmerly entered to other pep ys 
Viz. eres 
The Tempest. ; 
| Gentlemen of Verona. 
Measure for Measure. 
Giiandyes The Comedy of Errors. 
* ) As You Like it. 
Alls Well that Ends Well. 
Twelfe Night. 
The Winter’s Tale. 
The Thirde* Parte of Henry the “x --«.-0 % 
Histories. { Sixt. font. Or 
Henry the Eight. — a ree 
*Coriolanus. Fan Oy poet 


Timon of Athens. 
Trigedics Julius Cesar. 
* ') Mackbeth. 
Anthonie and Cleopatra. 
Cymbeline...... oat ae wide Care 69 


Dec. 14, 1624. . ; 


‘Mr. Pavier.] Titus Andronnicus. 


Widdow of Watling Street .....,.... 93 


Feb, 23, 1625. 

Mr, Stansby.] Edward the Third, the play .... 115 
April 8, 1626. 

Mr. Parker-] Life and Death of Lord Cromwell 120 
Aug, 4, 1626. 


Edw, Breyaters) Mr. Pavier’s right in Shake- 
Rob. Birde. J speare : plays, or any of them. 
TS 


642 ‘ENTRIES ON THE 


The Historye of Hen. the fift, and the 
play of the same. 

Sir John Oldcastle, a play. 

Tytus Andronicus, and 

Hystorye of Hamblett .............. 127 


Jan, 29, 1629, 
Mr. Meighen.] The Merry Wives of Winsor .. 193 


Noy. 8, 1630. 
Ric. Cotes.] Henrye the Fift. 
Sir John Oldcastle. 
Tytus Andronicus. 
Yorke and Lancaster. 
Agincourt. 
Pericles. 
Hamblet. 
Yorkshire Tragedie ...........+ 208 
The sixteen plays in p. 641, were assigned by 
Tho. Blount to Edward Allott, June 26, 1630.. 109. 
Edward Allott was one of the publishers of the 
second folio, 1632. 


It has hitherto been usual to represent the ancient 
quartos of our author as by far more incorrect than those 
of his contemporaries ; but, I fear that this representation 
has been continued by many of us, with a design to magnify 
our own services, rather than to exhibit a true state of the 
question. The reason why we have discovered a greater pro-_ 
portion of errors in the former than in the latter, is because 
we have sought after them with a greater degree of dili- 
gence ; for let it be remembered, that it was no more the 
practice of other writers than of Shakspeare, to correct the 
press for themselves. Ben Jonson only (who, being 
yersed in the learned languages, had been taught the 


GI) SAE AY BRI 7 


fonrry betas aeg) he AML OA. fs: 
co stace, res J 


STATIONERS’ REGISTERS. 643, 


value of accuracy), appears to have superintended the. 
publication of his own dramatick pieces; but were those 
of Lyly, Chapman, Marlow, or the Heywoods, to be 
revised with equal industry, an editor would meet with as 
frequent opportunity for the exertion of his critical 
abilities, as in these quartos which have been so repeatedly 
censured by those who never took the pains to collate 
them, or justify the many valuable readings they contain ; 
for when the character of them which we have handed 
down, was originally given, among typographical blun- 
ders, &c. were enumerated all terms and expressions 
which were not strictly grammatical, or not easily under- 
stood. As yet we had employed in our attempts at ex- 
planation only such materials as casual reading had sup- 
plied; but how much more is requisite for the complete 
explanation of an early writer, the last edition of the 
| Sanpenbary Tales of Chaucer may prove a sufficient 
‘witness; a work which in respect of accuracy and learn- 
\ing is without a rival, at least in any commentary on an 
‘English poet. The reader will forgive me if I desert my 
subject fora moment, while I express an ardent wish that 
the same editor may find leisure and inclination to afford 
us the means of reading the other works of the father of 
our poetry, with advantages which we cannot derive from 
the efforts of those who have less deeply and successfully 
penetrated into the recesses of ancient Italian, French, 
and English literature—An author has received the 
highest marks of distinction, when he has engaged the 
services of such a commentator. 

The reader may perhaps be desirous to know by whom 
these quartos of Shakspeare are supposed to have been 
sent into the world. To such a curiosity no very adequate 
gratification can be afforded; but yet it may be observed, 
that as these elder copies possess many advantages over 
those in the subsequent folio, we should decide perversely 
were we to pronounce them spurious. They were in all 


644 ENTRIES ON THE 

probability issued out by some performer, who, derivitig 
no benéfit from thé theatre except his salary, was un- 
interested in that retention of copiés, which was the chief 
concern of our ancient managers. We tay supposé too 
that there was nothing criminal in his proceeding; a& 
somé of the persons whose names appear before these 
publications, ate known to have filled the highest offices 
in the company of Stationers with reputation, bequeath- 
ing legacies of considerable value to it at théir decease. 
Neither do I discover why the first manuscripts delivered 
by so careless a writer to the actors, should prove less 


"correct than those which he happened to leave behind 


him, unprepared for the press, in the possession of the 
same fraternity. On the contrary, after his plays had 
passed for twenty years through the hands of asuccession 
of ignorant transcribers, they were more likely to become 
maimed and corrupted, than when they were printed from 
papers less remote from the originals. It is true that 
Heminge and Condell have called these copies surrepti- 
tious, but this was probably said with a view to enhance 
the value of their own impression, as well as to revengé 
themselves as far as possible on those Who had in part 
anticipated the publication of works from which they ex- 
pected considerable gleanings of advantage, after their 
first harvest on the stage was over. I mean to except 
from this general character of the quartos, the author’s 
rough draughts of The Merry Wives of Windsor and 
‘Romeo and Juliet; together with the play of King 


, ‘Henry V. and the two parts of King Henry VI.; for the 
latter carry all the marks of having been imperfectly taken 


down by the ear, without any assistance from the ori- 
ginals belonging to the playhouses in which they were 
first represented. ' 

A succeeding table of those ancient copies of the plays 
of Shakspeare which his commentators have really iiet 


with and consulted, if compared with the éarliest of these 


STATIONERS’ REGISTERS. 645 


entries on the books already mentioned, may tempt the 
reader to suppose that some quartos have not yet been 
found, from which future assistance may be derived. But 
I fear that no such resources remain; as it seems to have 
been the practice of the numerous theatres in the time of 
Shakspeare, to cause some bookseller to make immediate 
entries of their new pieces, as a security against the en- 
croachments of their rivals, who always considered them- 
selves as justified in the exhibition of such dramas as had 
been enfranchised by the press. Imperfect copies, but for — 
these precautions, might have been more frequently ob- 
tained from the repetition of hungry actors invited for 
that purpose to a tavern; or something like a play might 
have been collected by attentive auditors, who made it 
their business to attend succeeding representations with a 
like design®. By these means, without any intent of 
hasty publication, one company of players was studious 
to prevent the trespasses of another®, Nor did their 
; policy conclude here; for I have not unfrequently met 
| with registers of both tragedies and comedies, of which 
the titles were at some time to be declared. Thus, 
July 26, 1576, John Hunter enters “ A new and pleasant 
comedie or plaie, after the manner of Common Condy- 
cions;” and one Fielder, in Sept. 1581, prefers his right 
to four others, “‘ Whereof he will bring the titles.” The 
Famous Tragedy of the Rich Jewe of Malta, by Christo- 
pher Marlow, is ascertained to be the property of Nich. 
Ling and Tho. Millington, in May, 1594, though it was not 
printed by Nich. Vavasour till 1633, as Tho. Heywood, 
who wrote the preface to it, informs us. In this manner 
the contending theatres were prepared to assert a priority 


8 See the notes of Mr. Collins and Mr. Malone at the end of 
The Third Part of King Henry VI. 

9 From the year 1570 to the year 1629, when the playhouse 
in White Friars was finished, it appears that no less than seven- 
teen theatres had been built. 


{ 


646 ENTRIES ON STATIONERS’ REGISTERS. 


of title to any copies of dramatick performances ; and thus 


were they assisted by our ancient stationers, who 
strengthened every claim of literary property, by entries 
secured in a manner which was then supposed to be obli- 
gatory and legal. 

I may add, that the difficulty of procuring licenses was 


| another reason why some theatrical publications were re- 
ee and others entirely suppressed. As we cannot 


now discover the motives which influenced the conduct of 
former Lord Chamberlains and Bishops, who stopped the 
sale of several works, which nevertheless have escaped 
into the world, and appear to be of the most innocent 
nature, we may be tempted to regard their severity as 
rather dictated by jealousy and caprice, than by judgment 
and impartiality. See a note on my Advertisement, vol. i, 
p- 177. 


* he publick is now in possession of as accurate an 


account of the dates, &c. of Shakspeare’s works as perhaps. 


will ever be compiled. .This was by far the most irksome 
part of my undertaking, though facilitated as much as 
possible by the kindness of Mr. Longman, of Pater-noster 
Row, who. readily farnished me with the three earliest 
volumes of the records of the Stationers’ Company, toge- 
ther with accommodations which rendered the perusal of 
them convenient to me, though troublesome to himself. 


STEEVENS. 


_—— 


- 


7 


: LIST OF THE 


EARLY EDITIONS OF SHAKSPEARE™. 


I. Richard II. si a 
1, The Tragedie of King Richard the Second. As it, a, Zz ff, 
hath been publikely acted by the Right Honourable the ———~ 
Lord Chamberlaine his Servants. Printed by Valentine - 
Simmes, for Andrew Wise, 1597. Jones ats 
2. The Tragedy of King Richard the Second, as it hath 
beene publikely acted by the Right Honourable the Lord 
Chamberlaine his Servants, by William Shake-speare, [the 
sante printer and publisher], 1598. 
3. The Tragedie of King Richard the Second, with 
new Additions of the Parliament Sceane, and the de- 
posing of King Richard. As it hath been lately acted 
by the Kinges Servantes at the Globe. By William Shake- 
speare. Printed by W. W. for Mathew Law,"1608*, 24 zy he 
4. Do. [Same Title.] Printed for Mathew Law, 1615. 


2 


* In the following list, of early quartos, I have omitted those 
which appeared subsequently to the folio 1623, as they are ad- 
mitted on all hands to be utterly worthless. The titles of the 44 HLA ia 
others I have given at full length where there was any disagree- </> + fea 
ment among them, as far as I was enabled by Mr. Malone’s 42, per aa) 
collection. Those to which I have not had access, I have copied 7 5 aa IE See 
from Mr. Steevens's list, and marked them with an asterisk, & 

Boswett. 

2 This is the first edition in which the scene of Richard's depo- 
sition was printed, and is the one which was followed by the folio 
1623. Mr. Kemble has a copy [now in the possession of the 
Duke of Devonshire], printed in 1608, in the title page of which 
no mention is made of that additional scene, though found there, 
and, except that variation in the title-page, is the very same as the 
one described above. The words were probably thought offen- 
sive by Mr. Tilney, the Master of the Revels, and ordered to be 
omitted.— Mr. Malone's MS. 


| Baw 


648 EARLY EDITIONS OF SHAKSPEARE. 


i. Rickard 1H. 


1, The Tragedy of King Richard the Third. Con- 
taining his treacherous Plots against his brother Cla- 
rence: the pittieful Murther of his innocent Nephewes : 
his tyrannical Usurpation: with the whole Course of his 
detested Life, and most deserved Death. As it hath been 
lately acted by the Right Honourable the Lord Cham- 
berlaine his servants. Printed by Valentine Sims? for 


William Wise, 1597. * Sand (Bubex/ 


* 2. Do. William Shakspeare. Thomas Creede, for Wil- 
liam Wise, 1598. 
~ * 3. Do. William Shakspeare. Thomas Creede, for Wil- 
liam Wise, 1602. 
~ 4. Do. [the same title as edit. 1597, except that it 
describes this play, ‘‘ As it hath been lately acted by the 
Kings Majesties Servants. Newly augmented. By William 
Shake-speare”]. Printed by Thomas Creede, and are to 
be sold by Mathew Lawe, 1612 or 1613, for the last 
numeral is blurred in Mr. Malone’s copy. 

* 5. Do. William Shakspeare. Thomas Perfoote; sold 
by Mathew Lawe, 1622.. 
' *6. Do. William Shakspeare. John Norton; sold by 
William Lawe, 1629. 

7. Do. William Shakspeare. John Norton, 1629. 


Ill. Romeo and Juliet. iin 

1, An excellent conceited Tragedie of Romeo and 
Juliet, As it hath been often (with great applause) plaid 
publiquely, by the Right Honourable the Lord of 
Hunsdon his Servants. Printed by John Danter, 1597. 

2. The Most Excellent and lamentable Tragedie of 
Romeo and Juliet. Newly corrected, augmented, and 
amended. As it hath bene sundry times publiquely 
acted, by the Right Honourable the’ Lord Chamberlaine 
his Servants. Printed by Thomas Creede, for Cuthbert 
Burby, 1599. 

* 3. Do. for John Smithwicke, 1609. 


EARLY EDITIONS OF SHAKSPEARE. 649 
* 4. Do. Wm. Shakspeate, no date, John Smithwicke. 


IV. Love’s Labours Lost. 

A Pleasant Conceited Comedie called, Love’s Labours 
Lost. As it was presented before her Highnes this last 
Christmas. Newly corrected and augmented by W. Shake- 
speare. Imprinted by W. W. for Cutberd Burby, 1598. 


V. Henry IV. Part I. 


1. The History of Henrie the Fourth ; With the Battell 
at Shrewsburie, betweene the King and Lord Henry 
Percy surnamed Henrie Hotspur of the North. With 


the humorous Conceits of Sir John Falstalfe. Printed — 


fp 


by P. S. for Andrew Wise, 1598. 

2. [Same title as the preceding, except that these words, 
“ newly corrected by W. Shakespeare,” are added, and the 
name of Hotspur is spelt Henry Percie, surnamed Henry 


Hotspur, and Fa/staffe is put for Falsta/fe.] Printed by 
te. 


8.8. for Andrew Wise, 1599. 


3. Do. (Same title as 1599.] Printed by Valentine 


Simmes, for Mathew Law, 1604. 

* 4. Do, For Mathew Law, 1608. 

5. The History of Henrie the Fourth, With the Battell 
at Shrewsburye betweene the Kinge and Lord Henrie 
Percy, surnamed Henrie Hotspur of the North. With 
the humorous Conceites of Sir John Falstaffe. Newly 
corrected by W. Shake-speare. Printed by W. W. for 
Mathew Law, 1613. 


oe Ae — gee 
bey, Lie a nw 
= Cate a 
om facl et aire 
Sle flow 9 159 
yom) ery LON £ 


lea Shewl 


N 


*6. Do. T. P. for Mathew Law, 1622. Biswas Lom yrs 


VI. Henry IV. Part I. 

1. The Second Part of Henrie the Fourth, continuing 
to his Death, and Coronation of Henry the Fift. With the 
Humors of Sir John Falstaffe, and swaggering Pistoll. 
As it hath been sundrie times publikely acted by the 
Right Honourable the Lord Chamberlaine his Servants. 


2 This is not ia Mr. Malone's collection, but the title is tran 
scribed from Mr. Capell’s list. Boswext. 


ose 


650, EARLY EDITIONS OF SHAKSPEARE.. 


Written by William, Shakspeare. Printed by V. S. for 
Z, ¢ Andrew Wise and William Aspley, 1600. (hoe “tally ) 
a, 2. Do. 1600, do. wing 
3. Do. 1600, do.? 


VII. Henry V. 


1, The Chronicle History of Henry the Fift, with his 
Battell fought at Agin Court in Fraunce. Togither with 
Auntient Pistolle. As it hath bene sundry times playd by 
the Right Honorable the Lord Chamberlaine his Ser- 
vants. Printed by Thomas Creede for Tho. Millington, 
and John Busby, 1600. 

* 2, Do. Thomas Creede, for Thomas Pavier, 1602. 

3. Do. [Same title as the first, except that it has ancient, 
not auntient Pistoll.] Printed for T. P. 1608. #¢<— 4 e 


VIII. Merchant of Venice. 

1. They most) excellent Historie of the Merchant of 

Venice. With the extreme Crueltie of Shylocke the 

Jewe towards the sayd Merchant, in cutting a just Pound 

of his Flesh, and the obtayning of Portia by the Choyse 

of three/Chests/ As it hath beene divers times acted by 

the Lord Chamberlaine his Servants. Written by William 

Shakespeare. Printed by J.R. for Thomas Heyes, 1600. 

ae 2. Do. [Same title as the preceding) except that it 
— en eet f- ‘omits to mention where it was performed, and has W. 

(enon 9 hot William Shakespeare.] Printed by J. Roberts. 


IX. Midsummer-Night’s Dream. 
1. A Midsommer Nights Dreame. As it hath been 


3 In Mr. Malone’s collection there are two copies of this first 
edition. In one of them he has the following note: “In this 
copy, signature E has only the ordinary quantity of leaves, 
namely four. The publisher, finding he had, omitted somewhat, 
cancelled the two latter, (viz. E 3, and E 4), reprinted them in 
a different manner, and added a fifth leaf in order to get in the 
omitted lines. This is the only difference between the two 

, copies.” The omission spoken of, is the whole of the first scene 
| of the third act. Boswext. 


— 


_Landure, 16044. ee 


Bie ie, 


EARLY EDITIONS OF SHAKSPEARE. 651 


sundry times publickely acted, by the Right Honourable 
the Lord Chamberlaine his Servants. Written by Wil- 
liam Shakspeare. Imprinted for Thomas Fisher, 1600. “4=+— ‘% 
2. Do. [Same title as the preceding, except that it has 
publikely not publickely acted.] Printed by James Roberts, 
1600. 
X. Much Ado About Nothing. 
Much Adoe about Nothing. As it hath been sundrie 
times publikely acted by the Right Honourable the 
Lord Chamberlaine his Servants. Written by William 
Shakespeare. Printed by V. J. for Andrew Wise and “i! ~~: 


William Aspley, 1600. L Pe Sea 
XI. Merry Wives of Windsor. Fok bone Cir 


1. A most plesaunt and excellent conceited comedie, ./ >. id, ore 
of Syr John Falstaffe and the Merrie Wives of Windsor. 
Entermixed with sundrie variable and pleasing Humors, 
of Syr Hugh the Welch Knight, Justice Shallow, and 
his wise Cousin M. Slender. With the swaggering vaine 
of auncient Pistoll and Corporall Nym. By William 
Shakespeare. As it hath bene divers times acted by 
the Right Honorable my Lord Chamberlaines Servants. 
Both before her Majestie and elsewhere. Printed by 
T. C. for Arthur Johnson, 1602, 

2. A most pleasant and excellent conceited comedy, of 
Sir John Falstaffe, and the Merry Wives of Windsor. 
With the swaggering vaine of ancient Pistoll, and Cor- 
porall Nym. Written by W. Shakespeare: Printed for 
Arthur Johnson, 1619. 


XII. Hamlet. 
1. The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Den- 
marke. By William Shakespeare. Newly imprinted and 


to the true and perfect coppie* Printed by J. R. for N.”. <. A: 


4 This edition is not in Mr. Malone's collection, but I have 
copied his transcript of the title. Boswett, 


652 EARLY EDITIONS OF SHAKSPEARE. 


* 2. Do. William Shakespeare, J. R,. for N. L. 1605. 

8. The Tragedy of Hamlet Prince of Denmarke. 

Newly imprinted and enlarged, according to the true and 

'. © perfect copy lastly printed. Printed by W.T. for John 
. yn tae . Smithwicke, no date, (This edition of Hamlet was” 
Age - printed, I believe, in 1607, as was also, I imagine, the 
Fad eed 7 wndated edition of Romeo and Juliet, for these two plays 


eo (94 “ze. Were entered -on, the Stationers’ books by John Smith- 


“x ws 

tnt 2 yer wicke, Noy. 19, 1607, Matoner.] 

Arf. * 4, William Shakspeare, For John Smithwicke, 1609. ¢ 
XIII. Lear. Nitate 


1, M. William Shake-speare his True Chronicle His- 

- tory of the Life and Death of King Lear, and his three 

Daughters. With the unfortunate Life of Edgar, Sonne 

and Heire to the Earle of Glocester, and his sullen and 

assumed Humour of Tom of Bedlam. As it was plaid 

; before the King’s Majesty at White-Hall, uppon 8S. 

4. “4-/“ Stephens Night; in Christmas Hollidaies. By his Ma- 

jesties Servants playing usually at the Globe on the Banck- 

side. Printed for Nathaniel Butter, and are to be sold 

at his shop in Paul’s Church-yard at the Signe of the 

Pide Bull neere St. Austins Gate, 1608. [Begins at 
Signature B.] 5 . 

2. [Title and date the same as the preceding, excepting 
that it is only said to be printed for Nathaniel Butter 
without any mention of the place of sale, and begins at 
Signature A.] 

3. [Title the same as the two former, except that like 
the first it begins at signature B: and like the second, 
has no reference to the place of sale. All the three con- 
tain different readings. Thus, the first reads, H 3, verso, 
“ my foote usurps my body;” the second H 2, “ my foote 
usurps my head;” and the third, H 3 verso, “ @ foole 
usurps my bed.” ; 


5 In this.copy the poet’s name is spelt Shak-speare, without the 
_ middle e. This is the only instance I have met with. Boswstt. 
Ho fe 6k aw panache tt. CO- te frp ote ee 


Faget] (tks M CR LS Go tad ore Bangi et Ot 
kant at Mba. Org SLA pee gt ku ae ce ee ° 


9 = a han 
TPR wat * EZ ede 7 Leg pe of 3-eae a A, aS € r 
IME 4 _ ofbr« Le aha, Sei Mn Se OH 


EARLY EDITIONS OF SHAKSPEARE. 653 


XIV. Troilus and Cressida. 


1, The Famous Historie of Troylus and Cresseid. 
Excellently expressing the beginning of their Lives, with 


~the conceited Wooing of Pandarus Prince of Lucia. 


Written by William Shakespeare. Imprinted by G. Eld, 
for R. Bonian and H. Walley, 1609. 

2. [Same title as the former, but with this addition, “ As 
it was acted by the King’s Majesty’s Servants at the 
Globe,” and the word famous is omitted. In the former 
also there is a preface in which the play is said to have 
been never stal’d with the stage, which in this corrected 
copy is omitted. It has been supposed that Mr. Pope 
had an undated copy, but that is a mistake. Mr. Pope’s” 
copy is in the possession of Mr. Kemble [the Duke of 
Devonshire], and has the same date and the same book- 
sellers’ names. Ma.one.] 


XV. Othello. 

* 1, Othello, William Shakspeare. Thomas Walkely, 
no date °. : 

2. The Tragedy of Othello, the Moore of Venice. As 
it hath beene diverse times acted at the Globe and at the 
Black-Friers, by his Majesties Servants. Written by 
William Shakespeere. Printed by N. O. for Thomas 
Walkley, 1622. 

—K— 
PLAYS 
SUPPOSED TO HAVE BEEN 
ALTERED BY SHAKSPEARE. 
I. Titus Andronicus, 


1. “The most lamentable Romaine Tragedie of Titus 
Andronicus. As it hath sundry times been playde by the 
Right Honourable the Earle of Pembrooke, the Earle of 


6 Mr, Malone denied the existence of this edition, See Pre- 
liminary Remarks to Othello, vol. ix. p. 215. BoswEtL. 


bad 7599: 


654 PLAYS ALTERED BY SHAKSPEARE. 


Darbie, the Earle of Sussex, and the Lorde Chamber- 
laine theyr Servants, At London, printed by J. R. for 
Edward White, and are to bee solde at his shoppe, at 
the little North doore of Poules, at the signe of the Gun, 
1600.” Topp. 

See vol. xxi. p. 260. 

2. The most lamentable tragedie of Titus Andronicus. 
As yt hath sundry times been plaide by the King’s Ma~- 
jesties Servants. Printed for Edward White, 1611. — 


Il. Pericles. 

1. The late, and much admired play, called Pericles, 
Prince of Tyre. With the true Relation of the whole 
Historie, Adventures, and Fortunes, of the said Prince. 
As also, the no less strange and worthy Accidents, in the 
Birth and Life of his Daughter Marina. As it hath been 
divers and sundry times acted by his Majesties Servants 
at the Globe on the Banck-side. By William Shake- 
speare. Imprinted for Henry Gosson, 1609. 

2. The late, and much admired Play, called Pericles, 
Prince of Tyre. With the true Relation of the whole 
History, Adventures, and Fortunes, of the saide Prince. 
Written by W. Shakespeare. Printed for T. P: 1619. 


wt: 
Ill. Henry VI. Part LI. / 


1. The First Part of the Contention betwixt the two 
famous Houses of Yorke and Lancaster, with the Death of 
the good Duke Humphrey, and the Banishment and Death 
of the Duke of Suffolke, and the Tragical End of the 
proud Cardinall of Winchester, with the notable Rebel- 
lion of Jack Cade; and the Duke of Yorkes first Claime 
unto the Crowne. Printed by Thomas Creede for Thomas 
Millington [date at the end of the play], 1594. 

2. The First Part of the Contention betwixt the two 
famous Houses of Yorke and Lancaster, with the Death 
of the good Duke Humphrey: And the Banishment and 
Death of the Duke of Suffolke, and the Tragicall End of 


PLAYS ALTERED BY SHAKSPEARE.. 655 


the proud Cardinall of Winchester, with the notable 
Rebellion of Jack Cade; and the Duke of Yorkes first 
Clayme to the Crowne. "Printed by W. W. for Thomas 
Millington, 1600, 


Henry VI. Part III. 

1. “ The true tragedie of Richard Duke of Yorke, and 
the Death of good King Henry the Sixt, with the whole 
Contention betweene the two Houses Lancaster and Yorke, 
as it was sundrie times acted by the Right Honourable the 
Earle of Pembrooke his Seruants. Printed at London by 
P.S. for Thomas Millington, and are tu be sold at his 
shoppe vnder St. Peters Church in Cornwal, 1595.” fo kodiy Shion: 
8vo. (In Dr. Pegge’s sale, and bought by Mr. Chalmers 
for 51. 15s. 6d.°) 

2. [Same title as the preceding.] Printed by W. W. 7z.. ~~ 


for Thomas Millington, 1600, yp has BR, she ‘ 
~~ Sore ~ 
Henry VI. Part II. and III. yar ge. 
The Whole Contention between the two Famous Houses © _“¢“”"” 


Lancaster and Yorke. With the Tragicall Ends of the 
good Duke Humfrey, Richard Duke of Yorke and King 
Henrie the Sixt. Divided into two Parts: And newly 


° This play, precisely the same with the 4to. of 1600, appears 
as it was first altered by Shakspeare from the original drama of 
Greene, Peele, and Marlowe; great part of which is here pre- 
served. He afterwards revised and improved it, as we have it in 
the folio. Rirson. 
Mr. Ritson was wrong in both of his positions, The 
play in both of the editions which he mentions, does not 
appear, as it was altered, but as the original before it was/Z. ~ i > a 
altered by Shakspeare: nor are they precisely the same; for I“ S73. gia 
learn from Mr. Malone’s collation that there are upwards of A= te 


une 
1 ( Pat (0 
thirty variations ; and in the elder copy, the metre is frequently oe Focory Waa 


confounded by the end of one line being printed at the beginning 42-2 7, 
of another. Boswetu. i age TE 
VOL. Il. 2U 


Bees 4 


656 FOLIO EDITIONS 


be _ corrected and enlarged. Written by Walliom pia sw4 
EME, 7.Gent, Printed for T. P.nodate®. 7 \46025 Pi ; 
nA 


aes © FOLIO EDITIONS. 
[Of all the remaining plays the most authentick edition 
is the folio 1623 ; yet that of 1632 is not without value; 
for though it bs in some places more incorrectly printed 
than the preceding one, it has likewise the advantage of 
various readings, which are not merely such as reiteration 
of copies will naturally produce. The curious examiner 
of Shakspeare’s text, who possesses the first of these, 
ought not to be unfurnished with the second. As to the 
third and fourth impressions (which include the seven re- 
jected plays) they are little better than waste paper, for 
they differ only from the preceding ones by a larger accu- 
mulation of errors. I had inadvertently given a similar 
character of the folio 1632; but take this opportunity of 
confessing a mistake into which I was led by too implicit 
a reliance on the assertions of others. STEEVENs. 
Enough has been already said on this question. Mr, 
Steevens, I believe, stood nearly alone in the high 
opinion he expressed of the second folio; but the reader 
may judge for himself from the perusal of the arguments 
which have been brought forward by the two criticks in 
their respective prefaces in 1790 and 1793. Mr. Malone 
was of opinion that probably Thomas Randolph was the 
person who superintended the publication of the second 
folio. Randolph [as he observes] was born in 1600, and 
consequently when he became a writer must have been some 
years removed from the date of many of Shakspeare’searlier 
plays. His Aristippus was printed for Robert Allot in 


“8 It was printed in 1619, as appears from an edition of Pericles, 
printed by Pavier in that year [vide supra], the first sheet of which 
begins with signature R ; the last sheet of this is Q. MAtons. 


bis 


A 
( 


—_—_— 


OF SHAKSPEARE’S PLAYS. 657 


1630, who would probably select a poet as the editor of 
Shakspeare’s works. It has been absurdly argued (says 
Mr. Malone) “ that the language could not have undergone 


_ 80 great a change in nine years, that is from 1623 to 1632; 


but this is a mis-statement. The question is not when 
Shakspeare’s plays were printed, but when they were 
written. That alterations had taken place in the language 
is evident from the alterations which were made by 
D’Avenant in The Tempest and Macbeth from the sophis- 
tications that are to be met with in the latter editions of 
Spenser, from our author’s own poems, and from almost 
every work of that age which underwent several impres- 
sions.” BoswE.t.] 


I. Mr. William Shakspeare’s Comedies, Histories, and 4. 2 2. 
Tragedies, Published according to the trae original 4~<-~ Z4— 
Copies, 1623, Fol. Printed at the Charges of W. Jag- 7“(> 


gard, Ed. Blount, J. Smethweeke, and W. Aspley 9. 
The Dedication of the Players, prefixed to the first folio, 
1623, 


To the most Noble and Incomparable Paire of Brethren, 
William Earle of Pembroke, &c. Lord Chamberlaine_ 
to the Kings most Excellent Majesty. and Philip 
Earle of Montgomery, &c. Gentleman of his Majes- 
ties Bed-chamber. Both Knights of the Most Noble 


Order of the Garter, and our singular good Lords, 


Right Honourable, 
Whilst we studie to be thankful in our particular, for 
the many favors we have received from your L. L. we are 


9 It seems, from such a partnership, that no single publisher 4.» 4... 


was at that time willing to risk his money on a complete col- 
lection of our author's plays. Sreevens. 
It rather arose from several of these booksellers having a pro- 
perty in the quarto plays which were here reprinted. Matone. 
2uU 2 


eM Manca Mas yee 
map 0,4 om, Meme 4 J bat 
ef. <>. Fn te. ann 48 hL9 27s $7 Je 


2% pf ft 2!) 


658 FOLIO EDITIONS 


falne upon the ill fortune, to mingle two the most diversé 
things that can bee, feare, and rashnesse; rashnesse in 


Every possible adulteration has of late years been aR, in 
fitting up copies of this book for sale. 

When leaves have been wanting, they have been reprinted 
with battered types, and foisted into vacancies, without notice 
of such defects and the remedies applied to them. 

When the title has been lost, a spurious one has been fabri- 
eated, with a blank space left for the head of Shakspeare, after- 
wards added from the second, third, or fourth impression. To 
conceal these frauds, thick vermillion lines have been usually 
drawn over the edges of the engravings, which would otherwise 
have betrayed themselves when let into a supplemental page, 
however craftily it was lined at the back, and discoloured with 
tobacco-water till it had assumed the true jaune antique. 

Sometimes leaves have been inserted from the second folio, 
and, in a known instance, the entire play of Cymbeline; the 
genuine date at the end of it [1632] having been altered into 
1623. 

Since it was thought advantageous to adopt such contrivances 
while the book was only valued at six or seven guineas, now it has 
reached its present enormous price, may not artifice be still more 
on the stretch to vamp up copies for the benefit of future cata- 
logues and auctions ?—Shakspeare might say of those who profit 
by him, what Antony has observed of Enobarbus— 

“ my fortunes have 
“* Corrupted honest men.” 

Mr. Garrick, about forty years ago, paid only 1/. 16s. to Mr. 
Payne at the Mews Gate for a fine copy of this folio—After the 
death of our Roscius, it should have accompanied his collection 
of old plays to the British Museum; but had been taken out of 
his library, and has not been heard of since. 

Here I might particularize above twenty other copies; but as 
their description would not always meet the wishes or interests of 
their owners, it may be as well omitted. 

Perhaps the original impression of the book did not amount to 


—... + more than 250; and we may suppose that different fires in Lon- 
nec ec. 7é, don had their share of them. Before the the year 1649 they ) were 
Binet Heian pean Angee argc, ot eee 
VOD - "Fhditrforwann Lt A | ttub fo 2 Ee. rh eer) yy Ae 28: fom 
Cote for tart A 2a, * (eed) te Li 2-7 ty Ch fe 
Eg ee Le Le Bnei Karns btm PHY 2 We > 


OF SHAKSPEARE’S PLAYS. 659 


the enterprize, and feare of the successe. For, when we 
valew the places your H. H. sustaine, we cannot but 


so scarce, that (as Mr. Malone has observed) King Charles I. was 
obliged to content himself with a folio of 1632, at present in my 42, cha, 
possession. ffs? ae 
Of all volumes, those of popular entertainment are soonest igrteieg 
injured. It would be difficult to name four folios that are oftener ~~" “> © . 
found in dirty and mutilated condition, than this first assemblage @ Ay f~ +* 
of Shakspeare’s plays—God’s Revenge against Marder—The Ze b the 
Gentleman's Recreation—and Johnson's Lives of the Highway=% “7 “% ed 
men. FT Zin Aunts * 
Though Shakspeare was not, like Fox the Martyrologist, deta Cape 
posited in churches, to be thumbed by the congregation, hey" en 
generally took post on onr hall tables; and that a multitude of £ ~ ~ 
f¢§ ta 
his pages have “‘ their effect of gravy,” may be imputed to the €<-——*+—~* 7 
various eatables set out every morning on the same boards. It aancadnng 
should seem that most of his readers were so chary of their timea A 
that (like Pistol, who gnaws his leek and swears all the while) yo ie og 7 
they fed and studied at the same instant. I have repeatedly met“2—~ ” wits: 
with thin flakes of piecrust between the leaves of our «capa 
These unctuous fragments, remaining long in close confinement,z- ~ =7 4 
communicated their grease to several pages deep on each side PRE Pigg e 4 
them. It is easy enough to conceive how such accidents might4 <<" 4% 
happen ;—how aunt Bridget’s mastication might be disordered at~-—<#< #..2= 
the sudden entry of the Ghost into the Queen's closet, and howa.-x pe 
the half-chewed morsel dropped out of the gaping Squire's mouth,~7*~*: 
when the visionary Banquo seated himself in the chair of Mac-97e—% nae) 
beth. Still, it is no small eulogium on Shakspeare, that his yer Bat gi 
claims were more forcible than those of hunger.—Most of the calag ae 
first folios now extant, are known to have belonged to ancient——— < tet 
Cnme tax 1g Lhw 
families resident in the country. POG | 
Since our breakfasts have become less gross, our favourite au-4~% am 
thors have escaped with fewer injuries; not that (as a very nice Sea f= 
friend of mine observes) those who read with a coffee-cup in their’ ““*? HED og Az 
hands, are to be numbered among the contributors to bibliothecal—« “<< «< 
purity. An 
I claim the merit of being the first commentator on Shakspeare~” ~ <e 
who strove, with becoming seriousness, to account for the frequent % 4 meas 


stains that disgrace the earliest folio edition of his plays, which is Mey te 4 


Y Macha. gaye “ECO CS Sete 96 Ce Caz. Led) Bo$: ae 
aha SL fhur-Z poe fea KnD enme 3... Lex 
a ee Pa ta~ Cae Sf ete or Dwr MH Loti, <a . 


bee 2 ee SK 4 ed ‘pee 


; 


660 FOLIO EDITIONS 


know their dignity greater, then to descend to the reading 

of these trifles: and, while we name them trifles, we have 

depriv’d ourselves of the defence of our Dedication. 

But since your L. L, have been pleas’d to thinke these 

trifles some-thing, heeretofore ; and have prosequuted both 

_them, and their and their Authour living, w with so much fayour: we 

“hope that (they | out-living him, and he not having the fate, 

_common with some, to be exequutor to his owne writings) 

baa Men fe Vn you “you will use the same e indulgence toward them, you have 
act, Z2B done unto their parent. There is a great difference, whe- 
ge ee ther any booke choose his Patrones, or finde them: This 
Ss aa hathdone both. For, so much were your L. L. likings of 
——=*7: the severall parts, when they were acted, as before they 
were published, the é Volume ask’d to be yours. We have 

but collected them, and done an office to the dead, to 

procure his Orphanes, Guardians; without ambition either 

be of selfe-profit, or fame: onely to keepe the memory of so 
hed eo worthy a Friend, and Fellow alive, as was our SHAKE- 

oF 8 75 earect SPEARE, by humble offer of his playes, to your most 
noble patronage. Wherein, as we have justly observed, 

no man to come neere your L, L. but with a kind of reli- 

gious addresse, it hath bin the height of our care, who 

are the Presenters, to make the present worthy of your 

H. H. by the perfection. But, there we must also crave 


our abilities to be considered, my Lords. We cannot go 


now become the most expensive single book in our-language ; for 
what other English volume without plates, and printed since the 
year 1600, is known to have sold, more than once, for thirty-five 
pounds, fourteen shillings? Srexvens. 

It has become still more expensive. Jpse miserrimus gave a 
much larger sum at Mr. Kemble’s sale; but I could not bring 
myself to a cold calculation of the value of a copy which was at 
once a memorial of Shakspeare and of Kemble. Boswe.t. 

' If any thing is gained by preserving the old spelling in 
Heminge and Condell’s dedication and preface, it should be 
strictly adhered to. It has hitherto been printed, but not cor- 
rectly, from the second folio. Boswext. 


The Preface of the Players. Prefived to the first folio - 


OF SHAKSPEARE’S PLAYS. 661 


beyond our owne powers. Country hands reach foorth 

milke, creame, fruites, or what they have: and many 

Nations (we have heard) that had not gummes and incense, 

obtained their requests with a leavened Cake*. It was no 

fault to approch their Gods by what meanes they could : 

And the most, though meanest, of things are made more 

precious, when they are dedicated to Temples. In that 

name therefore, we most humbly consecrate to your 

H. H. these remaines of your servant SHAKESPEARE; “7 7... 
that what delight is in them may be ever your L. L. the > erp 
reputation his, and the faults ours, if any be committed, , ~ — 


by a payre so carefull to shew their gratitude both to the <7 625 aaa 
living, and the dead, as is oy kno a 
Your Lordshippes most bounden,’ prngreed ape 

Joun HemincE, aa ocak 

Henry Connpenn. 9 47702 4 


edition published in 1623. ee a 
To the great variety of Readers, FA fae, OF 


From the most able, to him that can but spell: there - 
you are number’d. We had rather you were weigh’d. 
Especially, when the fate of all Bookes depends upon 
your capacities: and not of your heads alone, but of 
your purses. Well! it is now publique, and you wil 


2 Country hands reach forth mixx, &c. and many nations—that 
had not gummes and 1ncensg, obtained their requests with a 
leavened Cake.] This seems to have been one of the com- 


, mon-places of dedication in Shakspeare’s age. We find it in 


Morley's Dedication of a Book of Songs to Sir Robert Cecil, 
1595 : “‘ | have presumed”’ (says he) ‘‘to make offer of these sim- 
ple compositions of mine, imitating (right honourable) in this the 
customs of the old world, who wanting incense to offer up to their 
gods, made shift insteade thereof to honour them with milk.” The 
same thought (if I recollect right) is again employed by the 
players in their dedication of Fletcher's plays, folio, 1647. 
Matone. 


Ze 


e faypt 


662 FOLIO EDITIONS ) 


stand for your priviledges wee know: to read, and cen- 


sure. Do so, but buy it first. That doth best commend 
a Booke, the Stationer saies. Then, how odde soever 
your braines be, or your wisedomes, make your licence the 
same, and spare not. Judge your sixe-pen’orth, your shil- 
lings worth, your five shillings worth at a time, or higher, 
so you rise to the just rates, and welcome. But, whatever 
you do, Buy. Censure will not drive a Trade, or make 
the Jacke go. And though you bea Magistrate of wit, 
and sit on the Stage at Black-Friers, or the Cock-pit, to 
arraigne Playes dailie, know, these Playes have had 
their triall alreadie, and stood out all Appeales; and do 
now come forth quitted rather by a Decree of Court, than 
any purchas’d Letters of commendation. 

It had bene a thing, we confesse, worthie to have bene 
wished, that the Author himselfe had lived to have set 
forth, and overseen his owne writings ; But since it hath 
bin ordain’d otherwise, and he by death departed from that 
right, we pray you, doe not envie his Friends, the office 
of their care and paine, to have collected and publish’d 
them ; and so to have publish’d them, as where (before) 
you were abus’d with divers stolne, and surreptitious copies, 
maimed and deformed b by the frauds and stealthes of 
injurious impostors, that expos’d them: even those are 
now offer’d to your view cur’d, and perfect of their 
limbes ; and all the rest, absolute in their numbers, as he 
conceived thé: Who, as he was a happie imitator of 
Nature, was a most gentle expresser of it. His mind 
and hand went together: and what he thought, he uttered 
with that easinesse, that wee have scarse received from 
him a blot inhis papers. But it is not our province, who 
onely gather his works, and give them you, to praise him, 
It is yours that reade him. And there we hope, to your 
divers capacities, you will finde enough, both to draw, 
and hold you: for his wit can no more lie hid, then it 


3 — aS WHERE —] i. e. whereas. MALone. 


OF SHAKSPEARE’S PLAYS. 663 


could be lost. Reade him, therefore; and againe, and 
againe: And if then you doe not like him, surely you are 
in some manifest danger, not to understand him. And so 
we leave you to other of his Friends, whom if you need, 
can bee your guides: if you neede them not, you can 
leade yourselves, and others. And such readers we wish 
him. 

Joun HEMINGE, 

Henrie ConDELt. 


After the publication of my first edition of Shakspeare’s 
works, a notion struck me, that the preface prefixed by 
the players, in 1623, to their edition of his plays, had much 
of the manner of Ben Jonson; and an attentive compari- 
son of that preface with various passages in Jonson’s 
writings haying abundantly supported and confirmed my 
conjecture, I do not hesitate now to assert that the ° 
greater part of it was written by him. Hemings and 
Condell being themselves wholly unused to composition, 
and having been furnished by Jonson, whose reputation 
was then at the height, with a copy of verses in praise of 
Shakspeare, and with others on the engraved portrait pre- 
fixed to his plays, would naturally apply to him for assist- 
ance in that part of the work in which they were, for the 
first time, to address the publick in their own names, 
Whatever, therefore, occurred to them on this subject, 
they submitted, I imagine, to Jonson’s revision ; and, not 
approving of their performance, I conceive, he wrote the 
greater part of it anew: at least, I think I can show the 
whole of the first member of this address, comprising 
eighteen lines out of forty, to be entirely his; and though 
in the remainder he did not, I believe, proceed as in the 
former part, und liturd, yet his revising hand may be traced 
there also. This production has already been laid before 
the reader at length; I shall now decompose it, by sub- 
mitting each member of it separately to his view; and a 
minute comparison of the first half of this preface with 


664 


FOLIO EDITIONS 


various passages in Jonson’s works, will, I conceive, 
establish my hypothesis beyond a doubt. The only in- 
dulgence I claim is, that the reader will not too hastily 
pronounce this or the other passage to contain only a 
fanciful resemblance, nor form his judgment till he has 
examined the whole of this paper; remembering always 
that other writers beside Jonson have frequently repeated 


“ x 
ear 4 themselves. 
724 (Mca 'reface to ir 
eed gga : Raition of Shakspeare. 
The Address subscribed with the 
names of Hemings and Condell, 
begins thus : 


1.“ To the great variety of Readers. 
“From the most able, to him 
that can but spell—.” 


=_" there you are num- 
bered; we had rather you were 
weighed.” 


Corresponding Passages in Jonson's 
Works, 

1. In like manner we find pre- 
fixed to Catiline, in 1611, two Ad- 
dresses + 

“To the Reader in ordinary— 
“To the Reader extraordinary—,” 
or in other words,— 

“To the great variety of Readers.” 

The reader extraordinary is, in 
the corresponding passage, “ the 
most able;” “the reader in ordi- 
nary,” he “ that can but spell.” 

So also, in the Preface to the 
New Inn, a comedy, by Ben Jon- 
son, acted in 1629, and printed in 
1631: 

“To the Reader, 

“ If thou beest such [i. e. if thou 
can’st indeed read], I make thee 
my patron, and dedicate my work 
to thee. If not so much, would 
that I had been at the charge of 
thy better literature. Howsoever, 
if thou can’st but spell, and joinmy 
sense, there is more hope of thee, 
than a hundred fastidious imperti- 


nents.” 


2. “ Suffrages in parliament are 
numbered, not weighed.” (Disco- 
veries, by Ben Jonson, written 
after 1630.) 


OF SHAKSPEARE’S PLAYS. 


The Players’ Preface to their 
Edition of Shakspeare. 


_ 8. “ Especially when the fate of 
all books depends on your capa- 
cities and not of your heads alone, 
but of your purses. Well! it is 
now publique, and you will stand 
for your privileges, we know,—to 
read and censure. Do so; but 
buy it first: that doth best commend 
a book, the stationer says.” 


665 
Corresponding Passages in Jonson’s 
Works. 


Or, in other language, the ques- 
tion is carried by the tale or num- 
ber, not the weight or respecta- 
bility of the voters, 


3. “ Well! my modesty shall 
sit down and let the world call it 
guilt or what it will,” &c,. (Letter 
from Ben Jonson to ‘oby Ma- 


- thews.) 


This is merely noticed for the 
purpose of marking Jonson’s ordi- 
nary phraseology. The parallelism 
is found in different parts of Jon- 
son’s works. Thus, in his 131st 
Epigram, 1616, we find : 

«“ When we do give, Alphonso, to 
the light 

“ Aworke of ours, we part with 
our own right ; 

« For then all mouthes will judge, 
“ and their own way; 

«¢ The learn’d have no more privi- 
lege than the lay: 

“ And though we could all men, 
all censures heare,” &c. 

And in his third Epigram, we 
have— 

“ To my Bookseller. 
“Thou that mak’st gain thy end, 
and wisely well 
« Call’st a book good or bad, as it 
doth sell ; 
“ Use mine so too.” 

It should be remembered that 
in the two passages here compared, 
stationer and bookseller have 
the same meaning; these two 
words being synonymous during 
Jonson’s life-time. 


666 


The Players’ Preface to their 
Edition of Shakspeare. 

4. © Then, how odde soever 
{i,e. how unequal soever] your 
braines be or your wisdomes, make 
your license the same, and spare 
not.” 

[The word odd being here used 
in its original sense, as opposed to 
that which is even or equal, has not 
hitherto, I believe, been generally 
understood ; being now commonly 
used in the sense of singular, ex- 
traordinary, or whimsical. The 
context in the corresponding pas- 
sage decisively ascertains its mean- 
ing here.] 


5, “ Judge your sixe-pen’orth, 
your shillings worth, your five shil- 
lings worth ata time, or higher, so 
you rise to the just rates and wel- 


come. But, whatsoever you do, 
buy. Censure will not drive a 
trade—.” 


[n the corresponding passagein 
Bartholomew Fair, the words, “ it 
shall be lawfull for any man to 
judge his sixe-pen’orth,” &c. are 
perfectly clear, each person being 
allowed to censure according to 
the price he had paid for his place 
in the playhouse, from sixpence to 
half a crown, which was then the 
highest rate. But as applied to 
the purchasers of the folio edition 
of our author's plays, they are 


FOLIO EDITIONS: 


Corresponding Passages'in Jonson’s 
Work. 


4, So, in the Discoveries: 

“ Suffrages in parliament are 
numbered, not weighed ; nor can it 
be otherwise in those publique 
councels where nothing is so wn- 
equal as the equality; for there, 
how odde soever mens braines or 
wisdomes are, their a is always 
even and the same.” 

In the preface to Catiline, 1611, 
he again alludes to the general 
claim to judging and censuring, 
however unqualified the reader 
may be: 

“ Would I had deserved but 
half so well of it in translation, as 
that ought to deserve of you in 
judgment, if you have any. I know 
you will pretend, whosoever you 
are, to have that and more; but all 
pretensions are not just claims.” 


5. So, in the Induction to Bar- 
tholomew Fair, acted in 1614: 

“Tt is further agreed that every 
person here have his free will of 
censure....It shall be lawful for 
any man to judge his sixe-pen’orth, 
his twelve pen’orth, so to his eigh- 
teen pence, two shillings, and half 
@ crowne, to the value of his place, 
provided alwaies his place get not 
above his wit....He shall put in 
for censures here, as they do for 
lots in the lottery: marry, if he 
drop but sive-pence at the doore, 
and will censure a crowne's worth, 
it is thought there is no conscience 
or justice in that.” 

Again, in The Magnetick Lady, 
acted in 1632: 


OF SHAKSPEARE’S PLAYS. 


The Players’ Preface to their 
Edition of Shakspeare. 

liable to some objection; for no 
one could buy sixpen’orth, or 
five shillings worth of that book : 
he must purchase the whole vo- 
lume, which was probably seld for 
twenty shillings, or none. The 
same train of thought occurring to 
old Ben in both cases, he appears, 
therefore, to have introduced it 
here with somewhat less propriety. 
Having been in the habit of fre- 
quently using this language to the 
various spectators of a play, paying 
various prices for their amusement, 
he could not refrain from address- 
ing the readers of one.in the same 
way.—The passage, however, with 
some indulgence, may admitof this 
interpretation: ‘ If you do but rise 
to the just rates, that is, if you 
do but purchase the book, you may 
read it at your leisure, and pass 
your sentence on six-pen’orth of it 
at one time, a shilling’s. worth at 
another time, and: five. shillings’ 
worth at another; just as your 
fancy may direct, till you have 
perused the whole volume.’ 


6. “ And though you be a Ma- 
gistrate of wit, and sit on the stage 
at Blackfriers or the Cockpit, to 
arraigne playes dailie, know, these 
playes have had their ¢rial/ alrea- 
die, and stood out all appeals.” 


667 
Corresponding Passages in Jonson's 
Works, ; 


“ Dam-play. Isee no reason, if 
I come here and pay my eighteen 
pence or two shillings for my seat, 
but I should take it out in censure 
on the stage. 

« Boy. Your two shillings worth 
is allowed you; but you will take 
your ten shillings worth, your 
twenty shillings worth, and more.” 


6. So, in The Magnetick Lady: 

« —— if I can but hold them all 
together,..,. 

“JT shall have just reason to be- 
lieve 

“ My wit is magisterial.” 

Again, ibid. : 

“ And therefore, Mr. Damplay, 
unless like a solemn justice of wit, 
you will damn our play unheard 
and unexamined.” 

Of this notion Jonson was so 


668 _ FOLIO EDITIONS 


The Players’ Preface to their 
Edition of Shakspeare. 


Corresponding Passages in Jonson’s 
Works, 


fond, that he has repeated it no 
less than six times. Thus, in the 
Induction to Bartholomew-Fair, 
1614: 

“Tt is also agreed, that every 
man here exercise his own judg- 
ment, and not censure by contagion, 
or upon trust from another's voice 
or face that sits by him, be he never 
80 first in the commission of wit ; as 
also that he be fixd and settled in 
his censure; that what he ap- 
proves or not approves to-day, he 
will do the same to-morrow, and if 
to-morrow, the next day (if need 
be), and not to be brought about 
by any that sit on the bench with 
him, though they indite and ar 
raigne plaies dailie.” 

Again, in the Induction to thé 
Staple of Newes, acted in 1625: 

“ But what will the noblemen 
thinke, or the grave wits, to see 
you seated on the bench, thus?” ~ 

[The bench is used metaphori- 
cally, and means here, and in the 
foregoing passage, the judicial 
bench of wit, as appears fromi 
several other places.] 

Again, ibid. : 

“.—. such as had a longing to 
see plays and sit upon them, as we 
do, and arraigne both them and . 
their poets.” 

Again, in the same play : 

“———he is the very justice o” 
peace o’ the play, and can commit 
whom he will and what he will, 
errour, absurdity, as the toy takes 
him.” 

Again, ibid.: 


OF SHAKSPEARE’S PLAYS. 669 


The Players’ Preface to their 
Edition of Shakspeare. 


7. “ You will stand for your 


Corresponding Passages in Jonson's 
Works, 

Tt wasa plain piece of political 
incest, and worthy to be brought 
afore the high commission of wit.” 

See also Jonson’s Ode on his 
New Inn being damned, 8vo. 
1631: 

«“ Come leave the loathed stage, 

« And the more loathsome age, 

« Where pride and impudence, in 
faction knit, 

“ Usurp the chair of wit ; 

“ Indicting and arraigning every 
day 

“ Something they call a play : 

“ Let their fastidious, vaine, 

“ Commission of the braine 

« Run on and rage, sweat, censure 
and condemn, 

“They were not made for thee, 
less then for them.” 

Again, in Jonson’s verses to 
Fletcher on his Faithful Shep- 
herdess : 

“The wise and many-headed 
bench that sits 

“ Upon the life and death of plays 
and wits, 

« Composed of gamester, captain, 
knight, knight’s man, 

“Lady, or pusil, that weares 
maske or fan, 

“ Velvet or tafata cap, rank’d in 
the dark, 

* With the shop’s foreman or some 
such brave sparke, 

“ That may judge for his sixpence, 
before 

“They saw it halfe,damn’d thy 
whole play and more.” 


7. So, in The Magnetick Lady: 


670 


The Players’ Preface to their 
Edition of Shakspeare. 
privileges, we know, to read and 
censuré....These playes have had 
their triall alreadie and stood out 
all appeales; and do now come 
forth guitted rather by a decree of 
court then any purchased letters’ of 

recommeridation|” 


FOLIO EDITIONS 
Correepending a agen in Jonson's 


“ T care not for marking of the 
play..... Ill damn it, talk and 


‘do that I come for. I will not have 


gentlemen lose their privilege, nor 
I my prerogative for ne’er an over- 
grown or superannuated poet of 
them all. I will censure and be 
witty,....and enjoy my magna 
charta of reprehension as my pre- 
decessors have done before me.” 

In the Dedication of The Silent 
Woman, folio, 1616, we find the 
following passage : 

“ This makes that I now num- 
ber you, not only in the name of 
favour, but the name of justice to 
what I write, and doe presently call 
you to the exercise of that noblest 
and manliest virtue; as courting 
rather to be freed in my fame by 
the authority of a judge, then the 
credit of an undertaker,” 

[As “ the authority of a judge” 
here stands in the place of a“ de- 
cree of court,” in the correspond- 
ing passage, so the words—* the 
credit of an undertaker,” repre- 
sent “any purchased letters of re~ 
commendation ;” an undertaker, 
in Jonson’s time, signifying ‘a 
friend who sides or joins with an- 
other in any cause; a maintainer 
or partisan.’] 

Quitted, not acquitted, was 
Jonson's phraseology. So, in The 
Alchemist, 1610: 

“ ——— Yet I put my life 

“ On you that are my country, and 
this pelfe 

“ Which Ihave got, if you do quit 
me, rests, 

“ To feast you often.” 


OF SHAKSPEARE’S PLAYS. 671 


The Players’ Preface to their 
Edition of Shakspeare. 

8. “ But since it hath been or- 

dained otherwise, and he by death 
departed from that right—,.” 


9. “—-we pray you do not 
envy his friends the office of their 
care and paine to have collected 
and published them ” (the writ- 
ings of Shakspeare). 


Corresponding Passages in Jonson's 
Works. 


8. “It is further agreed that 
every person here has his or their 
free will of censure,....the author 
having now departed with his 
right—.” (Induction to Bartho- 
lomew Fair, 1614.) 

So also, in The Devil’s an Ass, 
1616: 

« — that time is yours, 
“ My right I have departed 
with—” 

Agiuin, in the address to the ordi- 
nary Reader, prefixed to Catiline, 
1611: 

“Tt is your own; I departed 
with my right when I let it first 
abroad.” 

So again, in his 131st Epigram : 
“ When we do give, Alphonso, to 

the light, 
“A work of ours, we part with our 
own right.” 

Though these passages relate to 
the departing with a right, ina 
loss by publication, and in the cor- 
responding passage, by death, yet 
the expression is nearly the same : 
and these passages, at least, show 
how often Jonson repeated the 
same thought. 


9. In this phraseology there ap- 
pears somewhat of a Latin air: 
“ Do not envy his friends the office 
of publishing them,” or, “ do not 
envy his friends their care and pain 
in publishing,” would have been, I 
think, the language of men who 
merely wished to make themselves 
understood ; but “the office of 
their care” is scarcely intelligible, 


VOL, Il. x 


672 


The Players’ Preface to their 
Edition of Shakspeare. 


10. “ — and so to have pub- 
lished them, as where [whereas], 
before, you were abased with 
diverse stolne and surreptitious 
copies, maimed and deformed by 
the stealth of injurious impostors, 
that exposed them; even those are 
now offered to your view, cured 
and perfect of their limbs, and all 
the rest absolute in their numbers, 
as he conceived them.” 


FOLIO EDITIONS 


Corresponding Passages in Jonson’s 
Works, 


unless office were used in the sense 

of duty, as certainly it was in this 

instance. So, in Catiline: . 

“TI must with offices and patience 
win him.” 

On so slight a circumstance 
little reliance could be placed, 
were it not corroborated by more 
decisive proofs. However, I may 
mention that in The Discoveries 
we find— 

« T have ever observed it to have 
been the office of a wise patriot 
among the greatest affairs of the 
state to take care of the common- 
wealth of learning.” 


10. So, in Every Man in his 
Humour : ; 

« — and though that in him this 
kind of poem appeared absolute and 
fully perfected—.” 

Again, in the Address to the 
Reader, prefixed to Sejanus, 4to. 
1605: 

“ Lastly I would inform you 
that this book in all numbers is not 
the same with that which was 
acted on the publick stage.” 

Again, in the Dedication of 
Jonson’s Epigrams to Lord Pem- 
broke, 1616: 

“ —or if all answere not in all 
numbers the pictures I have made 
of them, I hope it will be forgiven 
me,....that they are no ill pieces, 
though they be not like the per- 
sons.” 

Again, in the Epilogue to The 
New Inn, 1631 [he is speaking of 
his plays] : ’ 


OF SHAKSPEARE’S PLAYS. 673 


The to 
Editon of Balm an Corresponding ae in Jonson's 
«— But do him right ; 
“ He meant to please you, for he 
sent things fit 
« In all the numbers both of sense 
x and wit.” : 
Again, in his Underwoods : 
“Eupheme, or the fair fame 
left to posteritie of that truly noble 
lady, the lady Venetia Digby late 
wife of Sir Kenelm Digby, Knight, 
a gentleman absolute in all num- 
bers.” 
Again, in his Discoveries : 
“But his learned and able 
though unfortunate successor is he, 
who hath fill’d up all numbers, and 
performed that in our tongue which 
. may be compared or preferred 
either to insolent Greece or 
haughty Rome.” 
Again, in his 95th Epigram: 
| : “I should believe the soule of 
Tacitus 
“In thee, most worthie Savile, 
liv’d to us; 
“ So hast thou render’d him in all 
i : his bounds, 
“And all his numbers both of 
sense and sounds,” 

“ Absolute in their numbers” is, 
a pure Latinism,—omnibus nume- 
ris absolutus ; and the words sur- 
reptitious and exposed, in the sense 
of made publick, smell strongly of 
old Ben. 

Of the phrase, “ cured and per- 
fect in their limbs,” applied to 
poetical productions correctly pub- 
lished, some example may perhaps 
be hereafter found in Jonson’s 


2x &% 


674 


layers’ Preface to. a : 
Panes ton of Shakopee Shakspeare 


1. “ Read him therefore, and 


again and again; and if then you 


do not like him, surely you are in 


FOLIO EDITIONS 


Corresponding Passages in Jonson's 
, Works. . |. ~ 
works, though I have not met with 

it. 


11. Jonson was fond of this 
contrast between reading and un- 
derstanding. ‘So, in his address to 


some manifest aaa ies saci the ordinary reader, prefixed to 
stand him,” Catiline, 1611: 

“ Though you commend the two 

first acts, with the people, because 


they are the worst, and dislike the 
oration of Cicero, in regard you 
read some passages of it at school, 
and understand them not yet *, I 
shall find the way to forgive you.” 
See also his first Epigram, 1616 : 
“ To the Reader. 
“« Pray thee, take care, that tak’st 
my book in hand, 
“ To read it well, that is, to under- 
stand.” 


From these numerous and marked coincidences, it is, 
1 think, manifest, that every word of the first half of 
this address to the reader, which is signed with the names 
of John Hemings and Henry Condell, was written by Ben 
Jonson. They perhaps had thrown on paper, in the best 
manner they could, some introductory paragraphs, which 
Jonson, not approving, instead of mending them, cured 
by a total erasure. 

Though he was afterwards (as I conceive) more merci- 
ful, his hand may be clearly, though not uniformly, traced 
in the second part also; but the foundation of this latter 
part, I imagine, was laid by the players themselves, and 
the passage that relates to the writings and amiable man- 


3 Copied by W. B. in verse, before The Bondman. 


= 


SS 


OF SHAKSPEARE’S PLAYS. 675 


' ners of Shakspeare, was unquestionably written by them, 


(“ who, as he was a happie imitatorof Nature,” &c.) for 
it contains an observation to which Jonson particularly 
alludes in his Discoveries, and in which he differed from 
them. It is observable that although the rest of this 
Address is plentifully sprinkled with Latinisms, in this 
single passage, which I have no doubt was: their own 
composition, they say—“ and what he thought he uttered 
with that easiness, that we have scarce received from him 
a blot in his papers,” using the familiar English word 
(easiness) which would naturally occur to those unac- 
quainted with Latin; whereas Jonson, in his Discoveries, 
writing on the same topick, says—*“ wherein he flowed 
with that facility that sometime it was necessary he should 
be stopp’d.” 

II. D°. 1632. Fol. Tho. Cotes, for Rob. Allot. 

III. D°. 1664, Fol. for P. C+, caf Chetir.-@ 

IV. D°. 1685. Fol. for H. Herringham, E. Brewster, 
and R. Bentley. STEEVENs. 


MODERN EDITIONS. 


Octavo, Rowe’s, London, 1709, 7 vols. 
Duodecimo, Rowe’s, ditto, 1714, 9 ditto. 
Quarto, Pope’s, ditto, 1725, 6 ditto. 
Duodecimo, Pope’s, ditto, 1728, 10 ditto. 
Octavo, Theobald’s, ditto, 1733, 7 ditto. 
Duodecimo, Theobald’s, ditto, 1740, 8 ditto. 


4 This edition of our author's plays is scarcer than even the « 


fe han ated 
folio 1628. Being published towards the end of 1664, most of “~*~ Bod 


the copies were destroyed in the fire of London, 1666. 
STEEVENS. 


676 _ MODERN EDITIONS 


_ Quarto, Hanmer’s, Oxford, 1744, 6 ditto. oan * 
~ Octavo, Warburton’s, London, 1747, 8 ditto. 
Ditto, Johnson’s, ditto, 1765, 8 ditto. 
Ditto, Steevens’s, ditto, 1766, 4 ditto. 
Crown 8yo. Capell’s, 1768, 10 ditto. 
Quarto, Hanmer’s, Oxford, 1771, 6 ditto. 
Octavo, Johnson and Steevens, London, 1773, 10 dito 
Ditto, second edition, ditto, 1778, 10 ditto. 
.. Ditto (published by Stockdale) 1784, 1 ditto. 
Ditto, Johnson and Steevens, 1785, third edithény 
revised and augmented by the editor of Dodsley’s 
Collection of old Plays (i. e. Mr. Reed), 10 ditto. » 


‘--¢ = |, Duodecimo (published by Bell), London, 1788, 20-vols. 
__.+1v Octayo (published by Stockdale), 1790, 1 ditto. 


Crown 8vo. Malone’s, ditto, 1790, 10 ditto. 

Octavo, fourth edition, Johnson and Steevens, &c. ditto, 
1793, 15 ditto. 

_ Octavo, fifth edition, Johnson and Stesvens, by Hebd, 

: 1803, 21 ditto. 

The dramatick Works of Shakspeare, in 6 vols, 8vo. 
with Notes by Joseph Rann, A. M. Vicar of St. 
Trinity, in Coventry.—Clarendon Press, Oxford. 


V Obs i eafece dt eins 1786 
Vola rit % .. 1787 
Vol, it. 4% 000% 1789 
Vol ave irs ae vee L791 


Volokatn exces) 1794 
Val yyi.cuale op . 


The Plays and Poems of William Shakspeare, corrected 
from the latest and best London Edition, with Notes, by 
Samuel Johnson, LL. D. To which are added, a Glossary, 
and Life of the Author. Imbellished with a striking like- 
ness from the collection of his Grace the Duke of Chandos. 
First American Edition. Philadelphia, printed and sold 
by Bioren and Madan, 1795. 


OF SHAKSPEARE’S PLAYS. 677 


The reader may not be displeased to know the exact 
sums paid to the different editors of Shakspeare. The 
following account is taken from the books of the late Mr. 
Tonson : ; 


bine 
XO Bir. ROW v5 0d o ssikedccdes eseu diate, nae ee 
Mr. Hughes 5... .scsecdsogescsteesse 90.1% 
Mr. Pope? . is ssieccovesccceercnmopns al? te 
Br, Fantom © sk... «s\ese's vabee kas otg thie OU ae 
Mr. Gay? ..carsatgoccsacanestvssees SOy ke 
Mir, Whatley * 1 15:04 cocee. aes secede U 
Mr. Theobald? \... .5:' nccslcs.40¥eeseiee se OOS LO 
Mr. Warburton . 050s ccccccccoecceess 000 0 
Dr. Johnson * 
Mr. Capell.....ccseccsscescosvoeecne SOU O 


cooacocooof 


o 


Of these editions some have passed several times 
through the press ; but only such as vary from each other 
are here enumerated. 

To this list might be added, several spurious and muti- 
lated impressions; but as they appear to have been exe- 
cuted without the smallest degree of skill either in the 
manners or language of the time of Shakspeare, and as the 


5 For correcting the press and making an index to Mr. Rowe's 
12mo, edition. 

© For assistance to Mr. Pope in correcting the press. 

7 For the same services. 

8 For correcting the sheets of Mr. Pope’s 12mo. 

9 Of Mr. Theobald’s edition no less than 12,860 have been 
printed. 

* From the late Mr. Tonson’s books it appears, that Dr. John- 
son received copies of his edition for his subscribers, the first cost 
of which was 375/. and afterwards 105/. in money. Total 480/. 
MALonE. 


{ 


678 MODERN EDITIONS 


names of their respective editors are prudently concealed, 


it were useless to commemorate the number of their’ 


volumes, or the distinct date of each publication. 

Some of our legitimate editions will afford a sufficient 
specimen of the fluctuation of price in books.—An ancient 
quarto was sold for sixpence; and the folios 1623 and 
1632, when first printed, could not have been rated 
higher than at ten shillings each*—Very lately, seven 
pounds, five shillings ; and seventeen pounds, six shillings 
and six-pence, have been paid for a quarto; the first folio 
has been repeatedly sold for twenty-five pounds; and also 
for thirty-five pounds, fourteen shillings: but what price 
may be expected for it hereafter, is not very easy to be 
determined, the conscience of Mr. Fox, bookseller, in 
Holborn, having once permitted him to ask no less than 
two guineas for two leaves out of a mutilated copy of that 
impression, though he had several, almost equally de- 
fective, in his shop. The second folio is commonly rated 
at two or three guineas 3, 

At the late Mr. Jacob Tonson’s sale, in the year 1767, 
one hundred and forty copies of Mr. Pope’s edition of 
Shakspeare, in six volumes quarto (for which the sub- 
scribers paid six guineas), were disposed of among the 
booksellers at sixteen shillings per set. Seven hundred 
and fifty of this edition were printed. 

At the same sale, the remainder of Dr. Warburton’s 


2 I have since discovered, from an ancient MS. note in a copy 
of the folio 1623, belonging to Messieurs White, booksellers in 
Fleet Street, that the original price of this volume was—one 
pound, STEEVENS. 

3 And is not worth three shillings. See an account of it, in 


\ the Preface to the present edition [Mr. Malone’s, 1790]. 


Matong. 
See, howeyer, the Advertisement prefixed to this edition [1793]. 
STEEVENS. 


OF SHAKSPEARE’S PLAYS. 679 


edition, in eight volumes octavo, printed in 1747 (of which 
the original price was two pounds eight shillings, and the 
number printed, one thousand), was sold off: viz. one 
hundred and seventy-eight copies, at eighteen shillings 
each, 

On the contrary, Sir Thomas Hanmer’s edition, printed 
at Oxford in 1744, which was first sold for three guineas, 
had arisen to nine or ten, before it was reprinted. 

It appears, however, from the foregoing catalogue (when 
all reiterations of legitimate editions are taken into the 
account, together with five spurious ones printed in 
Ireland, one in Scotland, one at Birmingham, and four in 
London, making in the whole thirty-seven impressions) 
that not less than 37,500 copies of our author’s works 
have been dispersed, exclusive of the quartos, single 
plays, and such as have been altered for the stage. Oif the 
latter, as exact a listas I have been able to form, with the 

assistance of Mr. Reed, of Staple-Inn (than whom no man 

is more conversant with English publications both ancient 
‘ and modern, or more willing to assist the literary under- 
_ takings of others), will be found in the course of the 
\ following pages. STEEVENS. 


A LIST 
OF THE 


MOST AUTHENTICK ANCIENT EDITIONS 


OF 


SHAKSPEARE’S POEMS. 


1}. Venus and Adonis, 4to. imprinted by Richard Field, 
15934. 

2. Venus and Adonis, 1596, small octavo, or rather 

“ decimo sexto, R. F. for John Harrison. 

Reprinted in 1600, 1602, 1617, 1620, 1630, &e. 

3. Lucrece, quarto, 1594, Richard Field, for John Harri- 
son. 

Reprinted in small octavo, in 1596, 1598, 1600, 
1607, 1616, 1624, 1632,&c. 

4. The Passionate Pilgrim [being a collection of Poems 
by Shakspeare], small octavo, 1599, for W. Jaggard ; 
sold by William Leake. 

5. The Passionate Pilgrime, or certain amorous Sonnets 
between Venus and Adonis, &c. The third edition, 
small octavo, 1612, W. Jaggard. 

I know not when the second edition was printed. 

6. Shakspeare’s Sonnets, never before imprinted, quarto, 
1609, G. Eld, for T. T. 


4 In amanuscript diary that lately passed through the hands of 
Francis Douce, Esq. there is the following entry on the 12th of 
June, 1593: 

—~ ~~" For the Survay of Fraunce with the Venus 


and Adhonay pr. Shakspere ...........+. } mele 


f 


PLAYS ASCRIBED TO SHAKSPEARE. 681 


An edition of Shakspeare’s Sonnets, differing in 
many particulars from the original, and intermixed 
with the poems contained in The Passionate Pilgrim, 
and with several poems written by Thomas Heywood, 
was printed in 1640, in small. balan by Thomas 
* Cotes, sold by John Benson. 


MODERN EDITIONS, 

Shakspeare’s Poems, small octavo, for Bernard Lintot, no 
date, but printed in 1710. 

The Sonnets in this edition were printed from the 
quarto of 1609; Venus and Adonis, and Lucrece, 
_ from very late editions, full of errors. =. 

The Poems of William Shakspeare, containing his. Venus 
and Adonis, Rape of Lucrece, Sonnets, Passionate 
Pilgrim, and A Lover’s Complaint, printed from the 
authentick copies, by Malone, in octavo, 1780. 

Ditto, Second Edition, with the author’s plays, crown 
octavo, 1790. 

Spurious editions of Shakspeare’s Poems have also 
been published by Gildon, Sewell, Evans, &c. Maton. 


PLAYS 
ASCRIBED TO SHAKSPEARE, 


cased by the Editors af the two later Folios, or by the Compilers of 
ancient Catalogues, 


1, Arraignment of Paris, 15845, Henry Marsh. 
2. Birth of Merlin, 1662. Tho. Johnson, for Francis Kirk- 
man and Henry Marsh. 


S It appears from an epistle prefixed to Greene's Arcadia, that 
The Arraignment of Paris was written by George Peele, the au- 
»~ thor of King David and fair Bethsabe, &c. —— 


7 ae ge apr Der Jem ee 
ao Fa fam +f a ~—_— per es oA 4E7%. 
f Sh kfi mone Liat fannie. sss eae (0. 47 


682 PLAYS ASCRIBED TO SHAKSPEARE. 


3. Edward III.s 1596, for Cuthbert Burby. 2. 1599, 
Simon Stafford, for ditto. 
4, Fair Em °, 1631, for John Wright. 
5. Locrine, 1595, Thomas Creede. 
6. London Prodigal, 1605. 
™ 7. Merry Devil of Edmonton, 1608, Henry Ballard, for 


| ay ee Arthur Johnson. 2. 1617, G. Eld, for ditto. 
cys 3. 1626, A. M. for Francis Falkner. 4. 1631, T. P. 


for ditto. 5. 1655, for W. Gilbertson. 

8. Mucedorus, 1598, for William Jones. 2. 1610, for 
ditto. 3. 1615, N. O. for ditto. 4. 1639, for John 
Wright. 5. no date, for Francis Coles. 6. 1668, 
E. O. for ditto. 

9. Pericles, 1609, for Henry Gosson. 2. 1619, for T. P. 
3. 1630, J. N. for R. B. 4. 1635, Thomas Cotes. 

10. Puritan, 1600 7, and 1607, G. Eld, 2.72:¢ #-4+- 

* 11. Sir John Oldcastle, 1600, for T. P. i 

12. Thomas Lord Cromwell, 16138, Tho. Snodham. 744 ¢-- 

13. Two Noble Kinsmen, 1634, Tho. Cotes, for John 
Waterson. 

14. Yorkshire Tragedy, 1608, R. B. for T. Pavier. Ditto, 


oa 1619, forT. P, Srexvens. 


5 See the preceding extracts from the books at Stationers’ Hall. 
© Fair Em,] In Mr. Garrick’s Collection is a volume, for- 
merly belonging to King Charles II. which is lettered on the 
back, “‘ SHAKESPEARE, Vol. I.” This volume consists of Fair 
Em, The Merry Devil, &c. Mucedorus, &c. There is no other 
authority for ascribing Fair Em to our author. 
7 Bs existence Jes this edition has has been en dogbted. Rzep. 
fo ae Ab relate , LA Sa ee tae 4 
Af ES ee peers res 
Ta tee 0 9 EZ 
ee flvug rs: a7 <- fam ein & ta aa al 
wp flr fh (Obes 


A 


A LIST 
or 


PLAYS ALTERED FROM SHAKSPEARE. 


Invenies etiam disjecti membra poet. 
—> 


Tempest. 

The Tempest, or the Enchanted Island. A Comedy, 
acted in Dorset Garden. By Sir W. D’Avenant and 
Dryden, 4to. 1669. 

The Tempest, made into an Opera by Shadwell in 1673. 
See Downes’s Roscius Anglicanus, p. 34. 

The Tempest, an Opera taken from Shakspeare. As it 
is performed at the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane. By 
Mr. Garrick. 8vo. 1756. 

An alteration by J. P. Kemble. Acted at Drury Lane. 
8vo. 1790. 

Two Gentlemen of Verona. 

The Two Gentlemen of Verona. A Comedy written by 
Shakspeare, with Alterations and Additions, as it is per- 
formed at the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane. By Mr. 
Victor. . 8vo. 1763. 


Midsummer-Night’s Dream. 

The Humours of Bottom the Weaver, by Robert Cox. 
Ato. 

The Fairy Queen, an Opera, represented at the Queen’s 
Theatre by their Majesties Servants. 4to. 1692. 

Pyramus and Thisbe, a comick Masque, written by 
Richard Leveridge, performed at Lincoln’s Inn Fields. 
8vo. 1716. 

Pyramus and Thisbe, a mock Opera, written by Shak- 


684 --* PLAYS ALTERED 


speare. Set to musick by Mr. Lampe. Performed at the 
Theatre Royal in Covent Garden. 8vo. 1746. 

The Fairies, an Opera, taken from a Midsummer- 
Night’s Dream written by Shakspeare, as it is performed 
at the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane. By Mr. Garrick. 


» 8vo. 17558. 


A Midsummer-Night’s Dream, written by Shakspeare, 
with Alterations and Additions, and several new Songs. 


_ As it is performed at the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane. 


| 


8vo. 1763. : 

A Fairy Tale, in two Acts, taken from Shakspeare. As 
it is performed at the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane. 8yo. 
1763. 

Merry Wives of Windsor. 

The Comical Gallant, or the Amours of Sir John Fal- 
staffe. A Comedy, as it is acted at the Theatre Royal in. 
Drury Lane, by his Majesties Servants. By Mr. Dennis. 
4to. 1702. 


Twelfth-Night. 

In the preface to Love Betray’d, or the Agreeable Dis- 
appointment, a Comedy, by Charles Burnaby, 1703, that 
author appears to have taken part of the tale of this play, 
and about fifty lines from it. 


Much Ado About Nothing. 


The Law against Lovers. By Sir W. Davenant. Fol. 
1673. 


8 « Garrick has produced a detestable English Opera, which 
is crowded by all true lovers of their country. To mark the op- 
position to Italian Operas, it is sung by some cast singers, two 
Italians, and a French girl, and the Chapel boys; and to regale 
us with sense, it is Shakespeare's Mipsummer Nicut’s Dream, 
which is forty times more nonsensical than the worst translation of 
any Italian opera-books.” 

Letter from Lord Orford to Richard Bentley, Esq. Feb. 
23,1755. See his Lordship’s works, vol: v. p. $12. 


pn~ Ho fortGek pet 


FROM SHAKSPEARE. 685 


The Universal Passion. A Comedy, as it is acted at 
the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane, by his Majesties 
Servants. By James Miller. 8vo. 17379. 


Measure for Measure. 

The Law against Lovers, by Sir W. D’Avenant. Fol. 
1673. 

Measure for Measure, or Beauty the best Advocate. 
As it is acted at the Theatre in Lincoln’s Inn Eields; 
written originally by Mr. Shakspeare, and now very much 
altered: with additions of several Entertainments of 
Musick. By Mr. Gildon. 4to. 1700. 

An alteration by J. P. Kemble, acted at Drury Lane, 
8vo. 1789. 

Love’s Labour’s Lost. 

The Students, a Comedy, altered from Shakspeare’s 
Love’s Labour’s Lost, and adapted to the stage. 8vo. 
1762. 

Merchant of Venice. 

The Jew of Venice, a Comedy. As it is acted at 
the Theatre in Little Lincoln’s Inn Fields, by his 
Majesty’s Servants. By George Granville, Esq. (after- 
wards Lord Lansdowne.) 4to. 1701. 

As You Like It. 

Love in a Forest, a Comedy. As it is acted at the 
Theatre Royal in Drury Lane, by his Majesties Servants. 
By C. Johnson. 8vo. 1723. 

The Modern Receipt, or a Cure for Love. A Comedy, 
altered from Shakspeare. The Dedication is signed 
J.C. 12mo. 1739. 


All’s Well that Ends Well. 
All’s Well that Ends Well, a Comedy. Altered by 
Mr. Pilon, and reduced to three Acts. Performed at the 
Haymarket Theatre, 1785. Not printed. 


® This play is a pasticio formed from Much Ado About Nothing, 
As You Like It, and Love’s Labour’s Lost. Boswext. 


686 - PLAYS ALTERED — 


All’s Well that-Ends Well, a ‘Comedy, beens aby 
J. P. Kemble, acted at Drury Tana 8v0. 29 


Taming of the Kees 


Sawny the Scott, or the Taming of the Shrew, a 
Comedy, as it is now acted at the Theatre Royal, and 
never before printed. By John Lacy, 4to. 1698, 

The Cobler of Preston, a Farce, as it is acted at the 
new Theatre in Lincoln’s Inn Fields. By Christopher 
Bulluck. 12mo. 1716. 

The Cobler of Preston, as it is acted at the Theatre 
Royal in Drury Lane, by his Majesty’s Servants. By Cc. 
Johnson. 8vo. 1716. 

A Cure for a Scold, a Ballad Opera, by James ‘Wors- 
dale. Taken from the Taming of the Shrew. 8vo. 
[1736.] . i 


Katharine and Petruchio. By Mr. Garrick. 8vo. 1756. 


Winter’s Tale. 


The Winter’s Tale, a Play, altered from Shakspeare. 
By Charles Marsh. 8vo. 1756. 
Florizel and Perdita.. By Mr. Garrick. 8vo, 1758, 


Sheepshearing, or Florizel and Perdita. By Macna-. 


mara Morgan, Dublin. 12mo. 1767. 

The Sheep-shearing, a dramatick Pastoral. In three 
Acts. Taken from Shakspeare. As it is performed at 
the Theatre Royal in the Haymarket. 8vo. 1777. 

An alteration by J. P, Kemble, acted at Drury Lane. 
8vo. 1802. - 

Macbeth. 


Macbeth,’a Tragedy, with all the Alterations, Amend- 
ments, Additions, and new Songs; as it is now acted at 
the Duke’s Theatre. By Sir William D’Avenant. 4to. 
1674, 

The Historical Tragedy of Macbeth (written originally 
by Shakspeare) newly adapted to the stage, with Altera- 


FROM SHAKSPEARE. 687 


tions, as performed at the Theatre in Edinburgh. 8vo. 
1753. By Me Lee. ; 


_ King John. } 
Papal Tyranny i in the Reign of King John, a Tragedy, 
as it is acted atthe Theatre Royal in Covent Garden, by 
his Majesty’s Servants. By Colley Cibber. 8vo. 1744, 
An alteration by J. P. Kemble, acted at Drury Lane. 
8vo. 1801. 


King Richard II. 

The History of King Richard the Second. Acted at 
the Theatre Royal under the title of the Sicilian Usurper : 
with a prefatory Epistle in Vindication of the Author, 
occasioned by the prohibition of his Play on the Stage. 
By N. Tate. 4to. 1681. 
' The Tragedy of King Richard II. altered from Shak 
speare. By Lewis Theobald. 8vo. 1720. 

King Richard II. a Tragedy, altered from Shakspeare, 
and the Style'imitated. By James Goodhall. Printed at 
Manchester. 8vo. 1772. 


King Henry IV. Part I. 
King Henry IV. with the Humours of Sir John Falstaff, 
a Tragi-comedy, as it is acted at the Theatre in Little 
Lincoln’s Inn Fields, by his Majesty’s Servants. Revived 
with Alterations. By Mr. Betterton. 4to. 1700. 


King Henry IV. Part II. 

The Sequel of Henry IV, with the Humours of Sir John 
Falstaff and Justice Shallow; as it is acted by his 
Majesty’s Company of Comedians at the Theatre Royal 
in Drury Lane. Altered from Shakspeare by the late Mr. 
Betterton. 8vo. No date. 


King Henry V. 
King Henry V. or the Conquest of France, a Tragedy, 
altered by J. P. Kemble, acted at Drury Lane. 8vo. 
VOL. I. 2yY 


688 PLAYS ALTERED 


King Henry VI. Three Parts. 

Henry the Sixth, the First Part, with the Murder of 
Humphrey Duke of Glocester. As it was acted at the 
Duke’s Theatre. By John Crowne. 4to. 1681. : 

Henry the Sixth, the Second Part, or the Misery of 
Civil War. As it was acted at the Duke’s Theatre. i? 
John Crowne. 4to. 1681. Ps 

Humfrey Duke of Gloucester, a Tragedy, as it is acted 
at the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane, by his Majesty’s 
Servants, [A few speeches and lines only borrowed from 
Shakspeare.] By Ambrose Philips. 8vo. 1723. 

An Historical Tragedy of the Civil Wars in the Reign 
of King Henry VI. (being a sequel to the Tragedy of 
Humfrey Duke of Gloucester, and an Introduction to the 
Tragical History of King Richard III). Altered from 
Shakspeare in the year 1720. By Theo. Cibber. 8vo. 
No date. [1723.] 

The Roses; or King Henry the Sixth ; an Historical 
Tragedy. Represented at Reading School, Oct. 15, 16, 
and 17, 1795. Compiled principally from Shakspeare. 
8vo. Elmsly, &c. This compilation is said tg have been 
the work of the Rev. Dr. Valpy. 


King Richard III. 
The Tragical History of King Richard III. Altered 
from Shakspeare. 4to. 1700. By Colley Cibber. 


Troilus and Cressida. 
Troilus and Cressida, or Truth found too late. A 
Tragedy, as it is acted at the Duke’s Theatre. By John 
Dryden. 4to. 1679. 


Coriolanus. 

The Ingratitude of a Commonwealth, or the Fall of 

Caius Martius Coriolanus. As it is acted at the Theatre 
Royal. By Nahum Tate. 4to. 1682. 

The Invader of his Country, or the Fatal Resentment. 


FROM SHAKSPEARE. 689 


As it is acted at the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane, by his 
Majesty’s Servants. By John Dennis. 8vo. 1720. 

Coriolanus, or the Roman Matron, a Tragedy, taken 
from Shakspeare and Thomson. As it is acted at the 
Theatre Royal in Covent Garden: to which is added the 
Order of the Ovation. By Thomas Sheridan. 8vo. 1755. 
- Coriolanus, a Tragedy, altered by J. P. Kemble, acted 
at Drury Lane. 8vo. 1801. 


Julius Cesar. 

The Tragedy of Julius Cesar, with the Death of Brutus 
and Cassius: written originally by Shakspeare, and since 
altered by Sir William D’Avenant and John Dryden, 
Poets Laureat; as it is now acted by his Majesty’s Com- 
pany of Comedians at the Theatre Royal. To which is 
prefixed the Life of Julius Cesar, abstracted from Plu- 
tarch and Suetonius. 12mo, 1719, 

The Tragedy of Julius Cesar, altered, with a Prologue 
and Chorus. 4to. 1722. 

The Tragedy of Marcus Brutus, with the Prologue and 
the two last Chorusses. 4to. 1722. Both by John 
Sheffield, Duke of Buckingham. 


Antony and Cleopatra. 

Antony and Cleopatra, an Historical Play written by 
William Shakspeare, fitted for the Stage by abridging 
only ; and now acted at the Theatre Royalin Drury Lane, 
by his Majesty’s Servants. By Edward Capell, 12mo. 


1758. 
King Lear, 


The History of King Lear, acted at the Duke’s Theatre. 
Revived with Alterations. By Nahum Tate. 4to. 1681. 

The History of King Lear, as it is performed at the 
Theatre Royal in Covent Garden. By George Colman. 


8vo. 1768. 
Hamlet. 
Hamlet, altered by Mr. Garrick. Acted at Drury 


Lane, 1771. Not printed. 
2y2 


690 PLAYS ALTERED 


Cymbeline. 

The Injured Princess, or the Fatal Wager. As it was 
acted at the Theatre Royal, by his Majesty: Servants. 
By Tho. Durfey. 4to. 1682. 

Cymbeline, King of Great Britain, a Tragedy, written 
by Shakspeare, with some Alterations. By sane 
Marsh. 8vo. 1755. 

Cymbeline, a Tragedy, altered from Shaeapeaie. 
As itis performed at the Theatre Royal in Covent Garden. 
By W. Hawkins. 8vo. 1759. 

_ Cymbeline, altered by Mr. Garrick. Acted at Drury 
Lane, 1761. 12mo. 1762. 


Timon of Athens. 


The History of Timon of Athens, the Man-hater. As 
it is acted at the Duke’s Theatre ; made into a Play, by 
Thomas Shadwell. 4to. 1678. 

Timon of Athens. As it is” acted at the Theatre 
Royal on Richmond Green. Altered from Shakspeare 
and Shadwell. By James Love. 8vo. 1768. — 

Timon of Athens, altered from Shakspeare, a tragedy, 
as it is acted at the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane. By 
Mr. Cumberland. 8vo. 1771. 

Timon of Athens, altered from Shakspeare and Shad- 
well, by Mr. Hull, was acted at Covent Garden, 1786; 
Not printed. 


Romeo and Juliet. 

Romeo and Juliet, altered into a Tragi-comedy, by 
James Howard, Esq. See Downes, p. 22. 
- Caius Marius, by Tho. Otway. 4to. 1680. 

Romeo and Juliet, a Tragedy, revised and altered from 
Shakspeare. By Theo. Cibber. 8vo. No date. [1744.] 

Romeo and Juliet, altered by Mr. Garrick. 12mo. 
1750. 

From the Preface to the Republication of Marsh’s 


FROM SHAKSPEARE. 691 


Cymbeline in 1762, it appears that he had likewise made 
an alteration of Romeo and Juliet. 


Comedy of Errors. . 

An alteration of this play under the title of Every 
Body Mistaken, was acted at Lincoln’s Inn Fields, 1716, 
but was never printed, 

The Comedy of Errors, as it is acted at the Theatre 
Royal in Covent Garden, 1779. Altered by Mr. Hull. 

The Twins, or Which is Which, in three Acts, altered 
by Mr. Woods, was acted at Edinburgh, and printed in a 
collection of farces at Edinburgh, 1786, vol. iv. 


Titus Andronicus. 
Titus Andronicus, or the Rape of Lavinia. Acted at 
the Theatre Royal. A Tragedy, altered from Mr. Shak- 
speare’s Works, By Edward Ravenscroft. 4to. 1687. 


Pericles, Prince of Tyre. 
Marina, a Play of three Acts, by George Lillo. 8vo. 
1738, 


One of the alterations of Shakspeare is of so singular a 
nature, that the reader may probably be pleased in having 
an account of it, as I believe [See p. 689.] it has never ap- 
peared in print, I mean Mr, Garrick’s alteration of Hamlet 
in 1771. There cannot well be a greater proof of the pre- 
valence of French criticism at a former period, than that 
an actor who professed himself desirous to “ lose no drop 
of that immortal man,” could have thought that he was 
doing the publick a service in so grossly sophisticating 
one of his noblest plays. The copy which he made use 
of for his supposed corrections, was one which was 
printed in 4to. 1703, and probably exhibited Hamlet as it 
was acted by Betterton, and will furnish another instance 
of the liberties which were taken with Shakspeare at the 
beginning of the last century. The following jis the 
Advertisement to the Reader: 

‘ This play being too long to be conveniently acted, such 


692 PLAYS ALTERED 


places as might be least prejudicial to the plot or sense are 
left out upon the stage: but that we may no way wrong 
the incomparable author, are here inserted according to 
the original copy with this mark [“”].’ 

The reader would scarcely anticipate that the greater 
part of Hamlet’s address to his father’s ghost is marked 
for omission. It stands thus for representation. 


Horatio. Look, my Lord, where it comes. . 
Hamlet. Angels and ministers of grace, defend us, 
t. &,. Sons Rede Ge Le Hh pee eee 
sd * =*  * what may this mean, . 
That thou, dead corse, again in complete steel, &c. 


But to return to Mr. Garrick. 1 shall not fatigue the 
reader with minute alterations, or such arrangements as 
were merely designed for convenience in acting, but shall 
produce one instance of a supposed improvement in Ham- 
let’s soliloquy at the end of Act [V.Sc. IV. His obser- 
vations on his own character, which are the best clue to his 
conduct, 


Now whether it be 
Bestial oblivion or some craven scruple, &c. 


are left out, and for the close of the speech, the fol- 
lowing rant is substituted : 


Awake, my soul, awake! 

Wake nature, manhood, vengeance, rouse at once ! 
My father’s spirit calls! the hour is come! 

From this time forth, my thoughts be bloody all, 
I'll fly my keepers—Sweep to my revenge. 


It is generally known that he expunged the scene of the 
grave-diggers ; but he did much more—he cut out the 
whole of the last Act. The voyage to. England, the de- 
struction of Rozencrantz and Guildernstern, the funeral of 
Ophelia, and-the conspiracy against: Hamlet by means of 
a fencing match, are all swept away. After the second 
scene of Ophelia’s madness, Laertes utters that speech 


re 


FROM SHAKSPEARE. 693 


which Shakspeare has put into his mouth at her grave. 
«O treble woe,” &c. Hamlet enters, and the quarrel takes 
place as in the original, Act V. Sc. I. but somewhat short- 
ened, and then follows the conclusion of the play. The 
king interferes with this speech : 


King. We will not bear this insult to our presence. 
Hamlet, I did command you hence to England ; 
Affection hitherto has curb'd my power ; 
But you have trampled on allegiance, 
And now shall feel my wrath.—Guards. 
Hamlet. First feel mine. [Stabs him. 
Here thou incestuous, murderous, damned Dane, 
There’s for thy treachery, lust, and usurpation. 
[King falls and dies, 
Queen. Mercy! Mercy, Heaven! Save me from my son. 
[She runs out. 
Laertes, What, treason, ho! Thus then dol revenge 
My father, sister, and my king. 

(They fight : Hamlet is wounded by Laertes, and falls. 
Horatio. And I my prince, and friend. (Draws. 
Hamlet, Hold, good Horatio: ‘tis the hand of Heaven 

Administers by him, this precious balm 
For all my wounds. [Enter Messenger.| Speak! speak! 
what of my mother? 
Messenger. Struck with the horror of the scene, she fled ; 
But ere she reach’d her chamber-door, she fell ; 
Entrane’d and motionless ; unable to sustain the load 
Of agony and sorrow. 
Hamlet. O my Horatio, watch the wretched queen, 
If from this trance she wakes. O may she breath 
An hour of penitence, ere madness ends her. 
Exchange forgiveness with me, brave Laertes. 
O may thy father’s death come not on me, 
Or mine on thee. 
Laertes. Heay’n make thee free of it. 
Hamlet. 1 die, 1 die, Horatio.—Come thou near, 
! ; L {To Laertes. 
Take this hand from me. Unite your virtues. 
[Joins Horatio’s hand to Laertes. 


694 ACCOUNT OF AUBREY.. 
' Tocalm this troubled land—I can no more, 


Nor have I more to ask—But mercy, Heav’n. [Dies. 
Horatio. Now cracks a noble heart. Good night, sweet 
_ prince. 


And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest. 

Take up the bodies. Such a sight as this 

Becomes the field—but here shows much amiss. - 
(Finis.] BosweE tt. 


- AUBREY®, 


* Mr. Aubrey was born in the year 1625, or 1626; and in 
1642 was entered a gentleman commoner of Trinity col- 
lege in Oxford.. Four years afterwards he was admitted a 
member of the Inner Temple,.and in 1662 elected a 
member of the Royal Society. He died about the year 
1700. Itis acknowledged, that his literary attainments 
were considerable ; that he was a man of good parts, of 
much learning and great application; a good Latin poet, 
an excellent naturalist, and, what is more material to our 
present object, a great lover of and indefatigable searcher 
into antiquities. That the greater part of his life was 
devoted to literary pursuits, is ascertained by the works 
which he has published, the correspondence which he 
held with many eminent men, and the collections which 
he left in manuscript, and which are now reposited in the 
Ashmolean Museum. Among these collections is a 
curious account of our English poets and many other 
writers. While Wood was preparing his Athene Oxoni- 
enses, this manuscript was lent to him, as appears from 
many queries in his handwriting in the margin; and his 
account of Milton, with whom Aubrey was intimately 
acquainted, is (as has been observed by Mr. Warton) 
literally transcribed from-thence. Wood afterwards quar- 


‘his writer has been so often referred to in these pages, that 
it od have been an act of injustice not to have preserved Mr. 
Malone’s testimony in his favour. Boswext,] 


ACCOUNT OF AUBREY. 695 


‘relled with Mr. Aubrey, whom in the second volume of his 


Fasti, p. 262, he calls his friend, and on whom in his 
History of the University of Oxford he bestows the 
highest encomium*; and, after their quarrel, with his 
usual warmth, and in his loose diction, he represented 
Aubrey as “a pretender to antiquities, roving, magottie- 
headed, and little better than crased.” To Wood every 
lover of antiquity and literary history has very high obliga- 
tions; and in all matters of fact he may be safely relied on; 
but his opinion of men and things is of little value. Ac- 
cording to his representation, Dr. Ralph Bathurst, a man 
highly esteemed by all his contemporaries, was “ a most 
vile person,” and the celebrated John Locke, “ a prating, 
clamorous, turbulent fellow.” The virtuous and learned 
Dr. John Wallis, if we are to believe Wood, was a man 
who could “ at any time make black white, and white 
black, for his own ends, and who had a ready knack at 
sophistical evasion 3.” How little his judgment of his 
contemporaries is to be trusted, is also evinced by his 


‘account of the ingenious Dr. South, whom, being offended 


by one of his witticisms, he has grossly reviled +. What- 


2 «* Transmissum autem nobis est illud epitaphium a viro per- 
humano, Johanne Alberico, vulgo Aubrey, Armigero, hujus 
collegii olim generoso commensali, jam vero é Regio Societate 
Londini; viro inquam, tam bono, tam benigno, ut publico solum 
commodo, nec sibi omnino, natus esse videatur.” Hist. et Antiq. 
Univ. Oxon. |. ii. p. 297. 

3 Letter from Wood to Aubrey, dated Jan. 16, 1689-90. MSS. 
Aubrey. No. 15, in Mus. Ashmol. Oxon.—Yet in the preface to 
his History of the University of Oxford, he describes Dr. ee. 
as a man—*“ eruditione pariter et humanitate prestans.” 

** Wood’s account of South (says s Mr. Warton) is full of ma-~ 
licious reflections and abusive stories: the occasion of which was 
this. Wood, on a visit to Dr. South, was complaining of a very 
painful and dangerous suppression of urine; upon which South 
in his witty manner, told him, that, ‘if he could not make water 
he must make earth.’ Wood was so provoked at this unseason- 


ATE 


696 ACCOUNT OF AUBREY. 


ever Wood in a peevish humour may have thought or said 
of Mr. Aubrey, by whose labours he highly profited, or 
however fantastical Aubrey may have been on the subject 
of chemistry and ghosts, his character for veracity has 
never been impeached ; and as a very diligent antiquarian, 
his testimony is worthy of attention. Mr. Toland, who 
was well acquainted with him, and certainly a better judge 
of men than Wood, gives this character of him: “ Though 
he was extremely superstitious, or seemed to be so, yet 
he was a very honest man, and most accurate in his account 
of matters of fact. Butthe facts he knew, not the reflee- 
tions he made, were what I wanteds.” I do not wish to 
maintain that all his accounts of our English writers are 
on these grounds to be implicitly adopted; but it seems’ - 
to me much more reasonable to question such parts of 
them as appear objectionable, than to reject them alto-_ 
gether, because he may sometimes have been mistaken. 
He was acquainted with many of the players, and lived 
in great intimacy with the poets and other celebrated 
writers of the last age; from whom undoubtedly many of 
his anecdotes were collected. Among his friends and 
acquaintances we find Hobbes, Milton, Dryden, Butler, 
Ray, Evelyn®, Ashmole, Sir William Dugdale, Dr. 
Bathurst, Bishop Skinner, Dr. Gale, Sir William D’Ave- 
nant, Mr. Hook, Sir William Petty, Sir John Denham, 
Sir Bennet Hoskyns, (son of John Hoskyns, who was 


able and unexpected jest, that he went home in a passion, and 
wrote South’s Life.” Life of Ralph Bathurst, p. 184. Compare 
Wood's Athen, Oxon. ii. 1041. 
5 Specimen of a Critical History of the Celtick Religion, &e 
. 122. 
; 6 «* With incredible satisfaction I have perused your Natural 
History of the county of Surrey, and greatly admire both your 
industry in undertaking so profitable a work, and your judgment 
in the several observations you have made.” Letter from John 
Evelyn, Esq. to Mr. Aubrey, prefixed to his Antiquities of Surrey. 


a ee ea 


ACCOUNT OF AUBREY. 697 


well acquainted with the poets of Shakspeare’s time), Mr. 
Josiah Howe, Toland, and many more?. The anecdotes 

{concerning D’Avenant in Wood’s Athenz Oxonienses, 

) which have been printed in a former page, were, like the 
copious and accurate account of Milton, transcribed liter- 
ally from Aubrey’s papers. A person who enjoyed the 
intimacy and esteem of so many distinguished persons, 
must certainly have borne a very different character from 
that which has been given of him by Wood, who was 
remarkable for the violence of his temper and his strong 
prejudices. 


7 Hobbes, whose life Aubrey wrote, was born in 1588, Milton ; 
in 1608, Dryden in 1630, Ray in 1628, Evelyn jn 1621, Ash- 77. _ 
mole in 1616, Sir W. Dugdale in 1606, Dr.,Bathurst in 1620, .. ,o > i 
Bishop Skinner in 1591, Dr. Gale about 1630, Sir William = 
D’Avenant in 1606; Sir John Denham in 1615, Sir Bennet 
Hoskyns (the son of John Hoskyns, Ben Jonson's poetical father, 
who was born in 1566,) about 1600, and Mr. Jos. Howe in 
1611. 


END OF VOL. II. 


C. Baldwin, Printer, * 
New Bridge-street, London. 


Bayerlsch- 
Bteatsd!blicthek 


MGnchen 


7 a) — . fil pic, zy » ¥ 
ra Te + By: + 4 A ‘ 


ve. —* ia » a4 « 

os i saeat pea Coa ae 
PSR SP tage na. aieek ilioih ver PR 
eee 


fi 
uit 
r 
+ 
ub 
ro 
ae 
i 
ii 
a 
= 
4 
% 
duty 
Ode 
=$} 
3 
ant 
5316) 
Bia 
«ais 


Wages 


Bete ae MDZ PiatliseunysZentrun 
taatsBibliothe! Digitale Bibliothek 


‘Shakespeare, William, / Malone, Edmond / Boswell, James, 


‘The plays and poems of William Shakspeare With a new glossarial index 


Bd.: 2,- 697 S. : 1 Port. 


London 1821 


Po.angl. 361 ai-2 
urn:nbn:de:bvb:12-bsb10749443-3 


