— 


IICHA 


. «til. P42 


LIVE 


AND 


J 


Engliſh Dramatick Potts. 


ALSO 
An Exact ACCOUNT of all the PLAYS 


Places where. Acted, the Dates when 


vations on moſt of, the ſaid Plays. , - 
e Wh: A Flr col "up 


. and continued down to this Time, by 
a Careful Hand. .. 
By Charles G 


—_ .__— 


| LON D ON: 
Printed for Nich. Cox, and Wiliam Turner, and are to 


| } beſold ar the #/bire Horſe withour Temple-Bar. 1699. 


———_— 


Printed, and the Perſons to whom 
| Dedicated ; with Remarks and Obſer- 


RACTERS 


| 
1 


| 


—_ 


P— ——— i. — 


Y_ 


 -» 


that were ever yet Printed in the Eng-| 
liſh Tongue ; their Double Titles, the 


Firſt begun by Mr. Langbain, improv'd| |- 


| 


——— 


T H E 


Epiſtle: Dedicatory, 


-I O | 
CHARLES CASAR, Eſq; 
© F 


Bonnin oton in He rtfordſhire. 


Honoured Sir, 


Have long had an Ambition to lay ſome- 
thing at your Feet that might be wor- 
thy your Protecion, ' but deſpairing to 
produce any thing my ſelf deſerving of - 
that Honour, and impatient of m 
| known how Proud I am of being in the Crowd 
of your Admirers, I cou'd not but lay hold. of 
this Opportunity, where the Merie of the Sub- 
jet, and Aſſiſtants I have had, might in 
ſome Meaſure attone for what is deficient in my 
Performance, I offer, Sir, to your ae: 

| Az this 


re 

j F 

4 

# 
b bv 
Ns 


\ 
o 
} 1 
% ” 


The Epiſtle Dedicatory. 


this Hiſtory of the Lives and Works of all the 
Dramatick Poets of your Native _ Country, _of 
Which few Nations have produc'd fo great a 
Number under fo very little Encouragements. 
But to ſhew them, . Sir; | the more Worthy your 
Patronage, I ſhall lay down a ſhort Account 
of what Value their Art has. beeo, 'in the.moſt 
Polite and Politick}j_ as.well as moſt ſuccel: ul Go- 


. vernment in the World. 


Athens, Rome , and France will furniſh me 
with: the Proofs I want. Athens gave Birth 
and Perfettion to the Art, and. ſetmms, like the 
true Mother, to have been moſt fond of it, and 
therefore gave its profeſſors the greateſt Encou- 
ragement, The Value that Government had 
tor, both” is evident 'from. theſe two Tnſtances.: 
Sopboctes,” as a Rewatd' of his Antigone, 'had the 
Government of the City and Iſland of Samos 
confer'd upon him : And on the Death of 'Eupo- 
lis in a Sea-Fight, there was a Law publiſh'd, 
that ng Poet tor the: Future ſhou'd go to the 
Wars; ſo great a Lofsthey thought the Death of 
'one Po6et'to the Commonwealth | 


"Thus we fee that Athens that was the moſt 
Yopalous and Trading City of Greece; and which 
froduc'd braver, better,” and more learned Men 
*thaq all Greece beſides, prove, by the Encourage- 


P » ” 


'ttieot flie gave Prarmatick etry, that it was the 


- Opinion of the Wiſdom'of thar State, that Plays 
949" \We _ W- '4i-- $4 , | T7 were 


ut ES 


. 
<a, nA ca. > 


NN 


The Epiftle Dedicatory, 
were ſo 'far-from' being deſtruRive of Thduſlry 
and good 'Morals, that'they were equally con» 
a to'the Honour and Advantage cf 'its'Pegs 
ple, ns i a 1+: [ b-- WTWIS ww .0- I=S4 
To lay'nothin 5 'of the Care that wastaken of 
the'Poers,- and hs Eſteem'they were in among 
the: Greateſt' and* Brayeſt 'of the! Old Romany ; 
I ſhall 'only mention the” Great Mecenas,, who 
laid the Foundation of the' greateſt* Monarchy 
that ever was in "the 'World; *who form'd as 
Great and Politick Deſigns, did as Great Servi- 
ces to his Prince as, any Man whatever ; and 
and who indeed eftabliſh'd the greateſt Emperor 
over the moſt Free and Polite People in the Unt- 
verſe; Mzcenas | ſay, thought Poetry ſo-worthy 
his peculiar Care, that we-owe the belt of the 


Roman Poets to hin}, and his: Name is palſs'd 


from a Proper to a Common Name for all Gene- 
rous Patrons, 


'Tis yet freſh in our Memories what that Mg- 
ſter jo Politicks, the great Richelzew has done for 
theſe Politer Studies in France. - The Theatres, 


the Academy remain a glorious Monument'ot it ; 


and yer no Man could have fled with a better 
Pretence'to the Mitltilicity of Aﬀairs, no Man 
ever diſparching -more- Buſineſs, or' fofming 
more Suzceſsfal, and Serviceable Deſigns for his 
Mafter's' Advantage, and the preſent and fyc- 
cexding Glory and Grandeur of France ; for to 

| "<=" 3 his 


The Epiftle Dedicatory. 


his Counſels the French Monarchy owes all that 
Terror and Power, with which we have ſeen 
all Europe (o lately ſtruggle with : And yet this 
great and buſy Polititian could find a time in 
ſpight of the Weight of the whole Adminiſtra- 
tion of France, to take Care of the Muſes, and 
tkought-it an Honour to himſelf and Country 
for the laſting Advantage of learned Men and 
Poets. He took Care of the Reformation of 
the Stage, and by his Order the Abbe Hedeline, 
compos'd a Piece of the whole Art of the 
Stage. | 


But- our Nation, alas! Furniſh'd with as 
brave a People, and a greater Genius tor Poetry 
than cur Neighbours, has never yet been ſo hap- 
py, as to find in the Adminiſtration, any Man 
with Soul enough, to think the Care of the 
Muſes worth their Thoughts ; and yet the World 
will never be induc'd to beheve, that they are 


wiſer or greater Politictans than Mecenas or Rj- 
chelien. 


| This Neglect of their Science has forc'd the 
Poets, who had nothing to expe from. the Go- 
© wernment, to make the moſt Noble and uſeful 
School of Yertue, degenerate into a meer Di- 
verſion ; that they. might Pleaſe an Andience, 
whence they cou'd only hone for their Support. 
And this has laid the Stage open to the "oY H4 

ults 


| The Epiſtle Dedicatory. 
faults of thoſe whom either Biggottry, ntreſt, or 
Hypocriſy have made its Enemies. 


| *Tis not therefore the ſupine and criminal 
Negle& of the Great Men (I mean the Mini- 
ſters) of our Nation, that we are to form the 
Eſteem that is due to this Science by ; but the 
Care and valuethe moſt refin'd and moſt ſucceſsful 
Polititians in the World have Diſcover'd for it; 
If the Engliſh States- Mex come ſhort of this, 
ris to be I5ok 'd on by all Men of true Senſe, as 
their Defect and Infamy, not their Wiſdom. 


Wherefore, tho' the  Publick has not yet 
thought fit to take this into its Conſideration 
and Prote&tion, yet I had reaſon” to think a 
Man of Mr. Cejar's Qualifications, cou'd not 
but be pleas'd to extend his Proteion to thoſe, 
whoſe Bufineſs it 1s to celebrate the Vertues that 
gain you the general Eſteem. You that forſook 
the lower Pleaſures of Fortune and Youth, for 
the Purſuit of Honour and Glory in the War ; 
You, Sir, that in your A@tions have ſhown the 
Hero, have a nearer Reaſon than other Men, to 
take care of the Peets, whoſe task it is to cele- 
brate the Heroes Deeds, and to tranſmit them in 
their moſt engaging Form to Poſterity, for their 
Honour and Imitation. 


Carmen amat quiſq; carmina digna gerit. 


A 4 ' You 


The Epiſtle Dedicatory. 

You, Sir, that have added to your Birth and 
Fortune fo ſtrong and general a Love, that your 
Wit, Sweetneſs of Temper, and Honour, defeat 
that Envy which Merit uſually raiſes, will natu- 
rally take care of thoſe, whoſe Imployment it is 
to diſtinguiſh betwixt the Pretence, and Reality ; 
the Man of true Senſe and Bravery, and the 


Flaſhy Opiniator, and the vain Boaſter of his. 


own Deeds. 


From you therefore I hope, Sir, a favourable 
Reception, when I ſhelter all our Dramatick 
Writers under the ProteQion of your Name ; for 


in you we ſhall find a Manly, yet Modeſt Me- 
rit 


Worthy at once, and negligent of Fame. 


. Wit without Opiniatreture ; but balanc'd with a 
true and penetrating Judgment ; Bravery which 
has nobly diſtinguiſh'd. you from the Remiſneſs 
of the Inglorious Youth of the Ape, witneſs 
your Voluntary Campaigns in Flanders ; a Ge- 
werofity that gets you the Eſteem of all Men, 


while the fordid are the Contempt and Laughter 
of Mea of Senſe. 


I need be no farther particular in the Enume- 
ration of your Vertues, ſince where ever Gene- 
roſity goes juſtly to the making up of a Chara- 
Cter, there can be no Vertue wanting. On this 
Vertue 


—_ -  Ap A G  I - 


The Epiftle Dedicatory. 
Vertue, Sir, it is that I depend for your Pardon 
for the Preſumption of this Dedication, which 
hope [ ſhall gain with the greater eaſe, becauſe I, 
have kept clear of the Crime of Dedications, 
Flattery, having confin'd my ſelf much within 
the Compaſs of ſevere Truth, and the Sentiments 
of, Sir, 


Toar moſt Devoted, Famble, 


and Obedient Servant, &c. 


THE 


2:8 E 


PREFACE. 


Do not trouble the Reader with this Preface becauſe "tis the 
Mode to ſay ſomething before ev'ry Book ; but becauſe there is 
a Neceſſity of. premiſing a Word or two gs to the, following 


ready been ſeen. 1 ſhall take no notice of Mr. Winſtanley's 
or My. Phillips's, for one I never ſaw, and the other I could not read, 
and Mr. Langbain has diſcovered their Defe#s ſufficient to juſtify his 
andertaking a more perfe# Work ; and which he indeed in the laſt Edi- 
tion .he has pretty near accompliſh'd. I muſt own that bis Urderta- 
king has ſavd me a great deal of Trouble, but then he js every 
where ſo partial, that he deſtroys the Chara#er of a Critick and 
Hiſtorian at once, whoſe Obje ought always to be Truth ; whereas 
Mr. Langbain ſeems every where to gratify ſome private Pique, 
and” ſeldom to regard the Merit of the Perſon he refles upon. 
This I have every where awided , and diſftinguiſhd betwixt the 
Deſert and Defe# of the Authyw. Mr. Langbain is farther gene- 
rally miſtaken in his Cenſures as a critic , he ſeems to have 
. known nothing of the Matter, to have had little or no Taſte of 
Dramatich Poetry : and a Stranger to our Stage wou'd from bis 
Recommendation make a very odd and ridiculous Collefion of our 
Engliſh Plays. He often commends, Shirley, Heywood, &c. and 
will ſcarce allow My. Dryden a Poet; whereas the former have 
left us no Piece that bears any Proportion to the latter; the All 
for Love of Mr. Dryden, were it nt for the falſe Moral, wou'd be 
a Maſterpiece that few of the Ancients or Moderns ever equal'd ; and 
Mr. Shirley, and My. Heywood have not left enough in all their Wri- 
tings to compoſe one tolerable Play, according to the true Model and 
Deſign of a Play. 

Mr. Langbain has in many of the Lives, ſwell'd them out 'with 
interlarding them with tedious Copies of Verſes little ts the purpoſe 
in Hand, which I was obliged to- avoid for Two Reaſons ; Firſt I de» 
fign'd to give the Reader as compendious an Account of our Drama- 
tick Writers as I coud, and ſo to bring my Book to an eaſier Price 
than Mr. Langbain's And mm I was, Secondly, farc'd t6 leave 
- Us ous 


Treatiſes, and the other Eſſays of this Nature, that have al-. 


' - 
— _— 


» . 
5 Al hee «Ws 


—_—_— *%S -.z< 


" = 


—— > PRE 


The PREFACE. 


out all that was Superfluons : And this the rather, becauſe F had ſeve« 
ral Lives and Remarks to add to this Edition, which he cou'd give no 
Account of, fome of .the Authors having appear d ſince his time, and 
others, by the Advantage of the ingenious Mr. Aſh's admirable Col- 
leftion of Engliſh Plays, I have met with, which he never ſaw ; all 
which has render d this more Perfe# in its Kind than his cou'd be : be» 
ſides, writing after him, I have endeavoured to avoid his Faults, 
and pteſerve his Beauties.. 

Next I have to inform the Reader, that the following Pzece is not 

i writ all by one Hand, as will, T believe, be perceived in the Reading. 
And laſtly, I find on the peruſal of it, ſomething in the Book , which I 
muſt differ from in the Preface, and that is in the Account of Mr. 
Oldmixon's Amintas, where 'tis remark'd, that Paſtoral is a Modern 
Invention, when in reality, the Ancients had a fort of Dramatich Per- 
formance not unlike it, that is, their Satyrs, which mght be ſaid tobe 
ſomething of a nature with our Paſtoral ;, but if we may gueſs at what 
is loft by what remains of that kind, it was alſo ſomething difſerent. 
In the Cyclops of Euripides, we find the Shepherds were the major 
part of the Dramatis Perſonz; for ſuch was Polyphemus, Silenus, 
and the Chorus : But the CharaFer of Ulyfles hightned the Play, 
and gives a greater Force to the Paſſions ;, "tis not the Love of Po- 
lyphemus, but his Cruelty we ſee, and the Dexterity and Wiſdom 
of Ulyſſes. Of this fort of Prem, My. Dacier in his. Preface to the 
Satyrs of Horace, will give you ſomething a fuller Account. And as 
this takes its Riſe from Antiquity, ſo Farce, mn. ſome Meaſure, may 
derive it ſelf from the Pantomimi 3 at leaſt that fort of Farce which 
the Italian Players in Paris us'd to a ; tho' the Mimi and the Panto- 
mimi were efteem'd for their admirable Expreſſion of Nature in Aﬀi- 
on and Dancing; but our Farce is ſomething beyond Nature, and Ex- 
travagant to a Degree of Nauſeouſneſs, to all gond Judges. 

T have lately read My. Congreve's Love for Love over, and am of 
Opinion, that the Contrivance of the Marriage of Tattle and Mrs. 
Frail is highly probable, tho' the Refleftions on that Play do ſeem not to 
admit it as abſolutely ſo. 

Laſtly, 1 have to advertiſe the Reader, that on the Peruſal of the 
laſt Sheets of this Book, T found that in the Remark on Beauty in 
Diſtreſs, one of my Aſſiſtants has ſeem'd to imply, that the Author is ' 
more a Comick than Tragickh Poet; \ Pcannot agree with him, for I 
think 'tis an extraordinary Effort for the firſt Undertaking in Tragedy, 
in which moſt have fail'd in their firſt Attempt : I ſay this, leaſt any 
thing my Friend ſaid, ſhould ſeem a leſſening of that Performance of the - 
Author, which he aſſures me he never meant, 


T HE 


” 


: || 
" ye 
* , a Je ' 6” \ % 
OF THE. 


: Known Authors. 


4 | c 
Lexander William, Earl] gArew, Lady Elizabeth 14 
| | A of Sterline page I Cafew ' Thomas Totd. 
| . Armin Robert » 4 | Carlell,” Eſq; Lodowick '15 
Carlifle James Tbid. 
l. B. Carpenter Richard 16 
| Cartwright George thid. 
Aily Abraham 5 | Cartwright William Thi. 
! Bancroft John Ihid.| Chamberlain Robert 17 
Banks John 6 | Chamberlain William © 1bid. 
Barnes Barnaby 71 Chapman George 18 
Baron, Eſq, Robert 8 | Cibber Colley 19 
Beaumont Francis Tbid.| Cockain, Sir Aſton 21 
Redloe William Thid.| Congreve William Thid. 
Behn Aphara Ibid. | Cook, E/q, Edward 25 
Belchier Dawbridgecourt  10| Cook John - 26 
Bernard Richard  ' Thid.} Corey-John © Ihid. 
Boothby, Mrs. Frances 11| Cotton, Eſq; Charles Ttid. 
Boyle Roger, Earl of Orrery. 1b,| Cowley Abraham 27 
Brandon Samuel 12] Cox Robert | 28 
Breton Njcholas Teid.\ Crown John Tod, 
Erewer Anthony Ibid. | APA 
Brome Alexander Thid. | D. 
Erome Richard - 13 
Bourn Ruben Ibid, Ancer ie 21 
FF tirkhead Henry 14 Daniel Samuel -* Ibid. 
. Birnel, Eſz, Henry, Ibid. D'Avecnant, S7r-William '32 + 


D Avenant 


The Authors Names. 


DAvenant, Dr. Charles Py 35 | Granvile, Eq; Goorge P. 5s 
Davenport Robert | Green A Ibid. 
Dauborn _ Th Green Robert _ 
Day ;Joþn DEE me wy, 
'Deckar*Thomas * Ihid: | 
' Denham, "hop I | wi 
"Dennis: af 
' Dilke 
Dopget Thomas | 
. Dover John * 
* Drake, Dr. 7k 

den, Eſq, John 
Drden' Funtor, John © 


et Thomas 
D'Urfey Thomas 
E. Ihi 
Ccleſton Edward —_ $3 \'H kins Charles. Thid 
Etheridge, Sir George Ibid. bay ard, Eſq; 74 
Howard, Eſq, = | 7s 
F. A Howard, Sir Robert Thid. 
| Howell, Eſq; JE. 76 
Ane, Sir Francis "94 | 
Fanſhaw, Str Richard Tbid. L- 
Falkland Henry,Lord Viſcount . 55 | 6 
Field Nathaniel - Ibid. | TEvorn Thomas 75 
- Filmer, Dr. Edward Thid. In Thomas 77 
'Fiſhbourn $6 | Johnſon Benjamin . Thid. 
Flecknoe Richard , Ibid. | Jones John 8 
Fletcher John $7 o_ Thomas « Thid. 
Ford John 61 | Joyner William | 32 
Ford Thomas «+ 62 | 
Fountain John Thid, K. 
Fraunce ——_ A Thid. =Y che 
Freeman, Sir Ralp =_ grew H 82 
'Fulwell Ulpian :\K Killigrew Thomas lhid. 
© OTH S9 * | Killigrew, Sir william 83 
G. Kifk e 
Kneyet Ralph +." "= 
| Kid Thomas - f 
T. 
*Acey Johx ? 
L Lena John 8 


The Authors Names, 


Lee Nathaniel 
Lilly Jobn 
Lodge Thomas 
Lower, Sir William 
Lupon Thomas 
M. 
Achin Lewis 
Maidwell L. 
Maine, Dr. Jaſper 
Manley, Mrs. Delarivier 
Manuch Coſmo 
Markham Gervaſe 
Marlow Chriſtopher 
Marmion Shakerly 
Marſton John 
Maſon John 
Mafſenger Philip 
May Thomas 
Mead Robert 
Medbourn Matthew 
Meriton Thomas 
Middleton Thomas 
Milton John 


Montague, Eſq; Walter 


Motteux Peter 
MNountford William 


N 


« TAbs Thomas 
Naſh Thomas 

Nevile Alexander 
Nevile Robert 
Newcaſtle, Duke 
Newcaſtle, Dutcheſs 
Newton Thomas 
Norton Thomas 
Nuce Thomas 


0 


Twa Thomas 
['®, Oldmixon John 


» 


pag. 85 
o 


id. Palo: John 


| hs 


Peaps 
Peel George 
Philips, Mrs. Catharine 
Pix, Mrs. Mary 
Pordage, Eſq; Daniel 


d.| Porter Henry 


Porter Thomas 
Powel George 
Preſton Thomas 
Preſtwich Edmund 


.$ & 
Quite Francis 
; R 


d. Th Anton Thomas 


Ravenſcroft Edward 
Rawlins Thomas 
Revet Edward 
Richards Nath. 


id. | Rider William 


106 
tbid, 
I07 


107 
109 


Rowley William 
Rowley Samuel 
Rutter Joſeph 

Rymer Thomas 


Ss, 


'd. ome Tho. ſee Norton 


Sampſon William 
Sandys, Eſq; George 


' Saunders Charles 


Scot Thomas 

Settle Elkanah 
Shadwell, Eſq; Thomas 
Shakeſpear William 
Sharp Lewis 

Sharpham Edward 
Shepheard, S. 
Sherburn, Eſq; Ed. 


Pag. 110 


ibid, 
ibid, 
tbid, 
III 
I12 
tbid, 
ibid, 
II 

ibid, 
I14 


114 


Shipman, Eſq, Tho, Pag. 130 | Webſter John pag, 146 
Shirley Henry . 131 | Weſton, Eſq; John 147 
Shirley James ibid. | Whitaker ibid. 
_— Sir Charles 134 | Wild, Dy. Robert 148 
Smith John ibid. | Willan Leonard ibid, 
Smith William ibid. | Wilkins George tid. 
Southern Thomas x35 | Wilmot Robert ibi. 
Stanley, Eſq; Thomas 137 | Wilſon John ibid. 
Stapleton, Sir Robert tbid. | Wilſon Robert 149 
Stephens John - tbid. | Wood Nathaniel ibid. 
Strode William tbid. | Wright John ibid. 
Studley }. 138 | Wright Thomas tbid. 
Suckling, Sir John ibif. | Wychetly ibid. 
Swinhoe Gilbert. 139 
Fo 
T. | 
Y arriogton Robert 150 
Ate, Eſq, Natum JOE BEG Fa FOOTE >: 
T L__ John 140] Y 
Taytor Robert 141 | Syppoſed Authors I5T 
Thompſon Thomas tbid. "Ry" , 
Trot Nicholas tbid. ( Unknown Authors 156 
_—_ — _ 
Tuke 5. tbl In the 4 of 
Turner Cyril 142 a ata 
Tutchin John tbid, lldon Charles 174 
| Grevile Fulk, L.Brook 180 
V. Pembrook Counteſs 177 
V : Phillips, £4; William ibid. 
Anbrug, Captain @ 142 | Pix, Mrs, Mary 178 
—_— Plautus 181 * 
W. Rivers 178 
| Shadwell, Eſq; Tho. 178 
Ager Lewis 145 | Shirley James 179 
Waller, Eſq; Edw. 7bid. | Terence ibid. 
Wapul George 146 ) Trother, Mys. Catharine 179 
Wager William ibid. | Walker William 180 
ibid. HF: 


Wayer R. 


The Authors Names. 


Y 4 * 4 2 i» "Þ 
(% - — - p 
- 2p 4 -+. "q& . 
: — __—_— he. - wr "Oo 
=. 


ERRAT A 


P*e: 3- Line 12. put the Comma after ſhe. p. 9. 1. 7. for # 
read are. _ P. 16. |. 18. read Antiquary. P- 22, I. 40. for 
Nor read And. p. 39. 1. 22. for Account read Aon. - |. 27, de- 
le.e. _p..41- 1. 16.-read Albianu. p. 45. I. ult. for firſt read 
laſt. p. 47. 1. 20. read Lollius. p. 51. |. 3. read Vidirix. | 


' 11. read Vandoſme. |. 17. dele fairer. 1. 33. dele Cinic. p. 


90. I. 36. for adding read Addreſs. p. 102. for Three read Four, 
P- 175. 1. 3. read probog; 


THE 


—_— —_— 


et A ———— 


T H E 


| LivesandCharadters 


FT: ws 1x 0 RR... - 
Engliſh Dramatick Poets: 

| . WVITH-AN 

E| A CCOU NE 


OF ALL THE, 


PLAYS, 


Printed to the Year, 16 I 


—_— 


© —_ 


A 


William Alexander, Earl of Sterline. 


HE Title of this Nobleman makes it evident that he de- 
rives his Birth from Scotland, as the Dedication of his 
Works affords us a Proof that he livd.in the Time of 
King 7ames the Firſt, for there he has this Stanza: 


Of this dived Ile the Nurſelis 5 brave 
' Earſt from inteſtine Wars con'd not deſiſt, 
Tet did in Foreign Fields rs Names engrave, 
Whilft whom ane. ſpoild, the other wou'd aſſiſt. 
Theſe now have One; whilſt ſuch a Head they have, 
What World of Words —_— to refiſt : POReS 


Thus 


<— 


Knwn AUTHORS. A 
Thus has Thy Worth (Great JAMES) conjoin'd them now, 
Whom Battels oft did break, but never bow, 


That he was in Favour with King James, is evident from' Sir | 
Robert Ayton's Verſes before his: Tragedies. As for any Particulars 
of his Family and Private'Aﬀairs I can give you no Account, but 
that it may be reaſonably drawn from his Quality, Nation, and 
Favour at that time, that he was not unhappy in any of them, at 
leaſt that depended on Fortune. FS 1 C F | 

Tlits Nobleman has by his- Writings ſhew'd Poſterity, that he 
had a juſt Right to his King's Favour, as any one that reads his 
Recreations of the Muſes will allow. Mr. Langban tells us of former 
Editions, but the beſt:is in Folro, London, Printed for Tho. Harper, 
1637. and dedicated to King James, not King Charles .the Firſt, 
as Mr. Langbain miſtakes. In this Volume are Four Plays, which 
he calls, Monarchick Tragedies ; The Alexandrean Tragedy, Craſus, 
Darius, and Julius Ceſar. Nor' can I agree with Mr. Langbain, 
that he has propoſed the Ancients for his Model, whom he has fol- 
lox'd in nothing but the Chorus: For as for the Unities of Aﬀtion, 
Time and Place, aliays obſerved by them, he ſeems. to know no- 
thing.of them. He ſeems to miſtake the very Eflence of the Dra- 
ma, which. .conſiſts in Aftion, moſt of his bezag Narration-; and 
may rather/be term'd Hiſtorical DiaJogues, than Dramatick Pieces. 
There i ſcarce one Aftion perform'd in View:*of the Andience ; 
but ſeveral Perſons come in, and tcll of Adventures perform'd by 
others or themſelves, and which often have no. more to do with , 
the Buſneſs of the Play, than the Perſons" that ſpeak, as in the 
Ft Scene of the Fifth AR of the Alexandrean Tragedy, Arijlotle 
and Phoceon, who have no hand in the various Revolutions of that 
Play, ſpend a long Scene on the Uncertainty of Humane Grandeur, 
only to tell 2 few Lines of Bufineſs done by ſome of Alexander's 
Captains. This Play is fo far from being after the Model of the An- 
cients,tne Action fo far from being one, that 'tis multiplied enongh 
for at leaſt Ten Plays, it containing tne various Revolutions, and 
Murders of the Commanders of the Macedonean Army, after the 
Death of Alexander ; and here, as'in the reſt, he runs too far back 
to bring things ab ove, that have,no. Relation to the Aﬀion, as the 
Scene between Harpagus and Cyrus, and Creſus and Sandanis, and 
many. more will evince. . If he has not followed the Model of the 
Ancients, he has yet borrowed very freely their Thoughts, tranſla- 
ting whole Speeches from Seneca, Virgil, and. others, as the Firſt 
AQof 7ulius Ceſar from Funo's Speech in the Firſt of the Aneids ; 
and many of his Sentences, as well as the Defe& of his Sententi- 
ouſneſs, he owes to Seneca. . The Two Firſt Ads generally are whol- 
ly foreign to the Buſineſs of the Play, as indeed the greateſt part 


of the other As are too. This-at leaſt may be ſaid of my Lord, 
| - that: 


Known; AU THORS.. A 2 


that he is a very good Hiſtorian, and from his Plays the Reade® 
may gather a great deal of the Afﬀairs of Greece, and Rome. Fun? 
in the firſt Act of ule Ceſar, gives, us the Hiſtory of all the In- 
vaſions of the Roman Empire, by the barbarous Nations, whether 
Gauls or the Cimbri, (gc. to the time of Zulias Ceſar, and finding 
hone of them effeftualenohgh to ruin the, Power of the Roman State, 
which deriving 1t ſelf originally, from the Trojan Race, ſt < could 
not but hate, therefore ſhe now reſolves to deſtroy. it by Civil 
Wars, and to raiſe her.Brothers Seryants, the Furies, always obſe- 
quious to miſchievous Commands, 


Whilſt Furies furious by my Fury.made. 


Says, ſhe ſhall at laſt do the Work; with which, after a Speech of 
Two or Three Hundred Lines ſhe ends the Att. Indeed my Lord 
feems often to have a peculiar Fancy to punning, and that in all 
his chief CharaQters; as Ceſar ſays 1n the Second AR, 


Great Pompey's Pomp is paſl—— 
and 
To ſeem uncivil in theſe Ciuil Wars. 


_ But not to wrong my Lord in the Judgment of the Readers, by 
theſe ridiculogs Quotations ; they are to.confider, Firſt, that this 
was the Vice of the Age, not the Poet; he having in that, 
as well as fome other things, imitated the Vices of our admira- 
ble Shakeſpear, and next that theſe punning Fits come not very of- 
ten upon him. T@ ſhew that he writes 1n another Strain ſome- 
times, I muſt give you Three or Four Lines, (my Brexity denying 
_ large Quotations) which will give you a-Taſte of his better 
arts. 


Love is a Joy, which ufon Pain dependy,; - , 

A Drop of ſweet dronn'd in a Sea of  Sders : 

What Folly doth begin, that Fury ends , | | 
t They Hate for Ever, who have Lav'd for Hours. 


'Tis the RefleQion of Adrafius in Creſus, the moſt moving Play 
of the Four ; but to return ro- Ceſar, in the Second AR, Ceſar 
thinks it a part of his Grandeur to boaſt his Deeds to Anthony 
(who knew 'em well enough - before) and betwixt 'em both, , we 
have an Account of his Commentaries, and almoſt a Djary of his 
AQtions. I can't omit one thing in this Play, in the Fifth AQthe 


| brings Brutus, Caſſius, Cicero, Anthony, xc.. together after the. 


Death of' Ceſar, almoſt ih the ſame Circumſtances as Shakeſpear, 
had dore in jus Play of this Name. Eut Shakeſpear's — and, 
Bxa | rutus 


4 Knwn AUTHOR'S. 'A 
Biutus raviſh you, while my Lord's Brutus, Cicero, and Anthon 
would make you ſleep, fo much our Engliſh Poet excels. This mut 
be ſaid for my Lord's- Fulins Ceſar, that it is much the moſt re- 
gular of all his Plays, at leaſt in the Unity of Aion, which is 
only Ceſar's Death, tho' the whole laſt A is almoſt redundant, 
for when Ceſar is once dead, we have no occaſion to hear of the 
Conſequence of it, either in the Grief of Calpurnia, or the Difa- 
greements of the Noblemen and Commons ; but this may be ob- 
nay likewiſe to Shakeſpear, who gives us a Hiſtory, not a 
Play. 

ut tis time now to give over our Refle&ions on this Poet, and 
give the Reader 2 more particalar account of their Plots, in their 
Alphabetical Order. | 

The Alexandrean Tragedy, For the Plot you may conſult _ 
Cartius, and the 13th Book of Juſtin, Diodorus -Sciculus, 1. 18. 
Oroſius, l. 3. c. 21. Joſephus l. 12. c. 1. Appian de Bellis Syriacis. 
Saliani Annales Eccleſtaftici A. M. 3730. N. 30. (5c. Torniel. A. M. 
3730. N.'s. Raleigh's Hiſt. l. 4. c. 3- Heylin's Hiſt. of Greece , 
Howel, (5c. 

Creſus, Taken from Herodot. Clio. Fuftin, 1. 1. c. 7. Plutarch's 
Life of Solon.. Salian. Tormel. A. M. 3510. Xenophon's Cyropaideia. 

Darius, This, as Mr. Langbain allures us, was the Firſt Fruit of 
his Lordſhip's Dramatick Muſe, Publiſh'd at Edinburgh, 1603. when 
he was yet Lord Menſtrie : The Language and deſign very much - 
tmprov'd in this laſt Folio Edition. As to the Plot, conſult Quin- 
rus Curtins, lib. 3, 4, & 5. Fuſlin, l. 11.'c. 5. (fc. Diodorws, 

17. Arrian, de Expeditione Alexandri, l. 2. Plutarch's Life of 
exander, Salian, 4. M. 2719, (5c. 

Fulius Ceſar, The Story of this Play will be exa@ly found in 
the Roman Hiſtories, Plutarch and Suetonivs in the Life of Ceſar, 
x yp de Bellis Civilibus, lib. 2. Florns, I. 4. c. 2. ' Saltan, Tor- 
mel, gc. : 

He has writ beſides theſe Plays,Downſday. A Pareneſis to Prince 
Henry,on whoſe Death he dedicated it to Prince Charles,afterwards 
King Charles T. . A Fragment of an intended Heroick Poem of 
Fonathan, of which he has left but one Book. 


Robert Armin. 


T* E «i of a Play which Mr. Langhain never faw, and 

1s called, | 
The Hiſtory of the- Two Maids of Moor Clach , with the Life 
and Simple Manner of John in the Hoſpital ; Playd by th 
Children of the King's Majeſty's Revels, and Printed in 4fo. Lon- 
don, 1609, I believe the Plot way be taken from ſme Old Story 
We $20 2h _ 


| 
| 


; 


Kwwn AUTHORS. B 5 
in thoſe Times. This Author lived in the Reign of King Zames I. 
and in the Title Page diſcovers himſelf to be one of his ny 
Servants, and was, I believe, of the then Company of Ators, for 
I find his Name Printed in the Drama of Ben. Zobnſon's Alchymiſt 

among the reſt of the eminent Players of that Age ; and indeed 
the Preface of his Play ſeems to intimate as much. . 


, 


_ __ —_ — —_—_ 


B 


Abraham Baily. 
\ Gentleman of the Honourable Society of Lincolns-Inn, and 


the Author of a Comedy call'd, | 

The Spightſul Siſter ; London, Printed in 4to. 1667, 
which I preſume never was Atted, being Printed without Prologue, 
Epilogue, or Dedication, and with Mr. Langbain , I muſt acquit 
him entirely of being a Plagiary, either as to CharaQters or Lay- 
: , and if it fall to any ones Chance to read it, and to ob- 
erve "my Lord Occa's and Winiffed's Charatters, will cafily allow 
that what he has writ is ſurely all his own, q 


\ John Bancroft. 


THIS Author was born in London, and tho' by Profeſſion a 
Chyrurgeon , was infefted by the Vicinity of the Wits with' 
Poetry, has left behind him Two Tragedies, dying 'about a 


' Year and half ago, he lyes inter'd in St. Paul's Covent-Garden. 


Henry the Second, with the Death of Roſamond, a Tragedy Aﬀed 
at the Theatre Royal, by their Majeſties Servants, London Printed 
4to. 1693. This Play has not our Author's Name prefrxt to it, but 
1s dedicated by Mr. Mowntfort to Sir Tho. Cooh, Rnight, Alderman 
and Sheriff of the City of London. For the Plot conſult Daniel, 
_ Speed, Sir Richard Baker, and the reſt of the Engliſh Chro+ 
nicles. ; 

Sertorius, a Tragedy, Aﬀed at the Theatre Royal by their Ma- 
zeſties Servants, and London, Printed 1679. 'tis Dedicated to Cap- 
tain Richard Savage, and the Epilogue was writ by Mr. Ravenſcroff. 
The Elder Corneil has writ on the ſame Subjet. The Story is to 
be found in Plutarch's Life of Sertorizs, Velleius Paterculus, 1, 2. 
Florus, I. 2. c. 22. (fc. Whatever the Fate of this Flay was, his 
other-had no il] Succeſs, and may claim a Place of equal Rank with 
fevera] celebrated Tragedies of this Age. 

© 3 


Zokn 


WP. >. p 


—— _ED— 


. > © 44, aa" 4. — who Po oS wad 


Known AUTHORS. BY 


John #05 94 


"HIS Author is now living, and was once a Member of the 
T worthy Society of New-Inn ; who quitted the more profita- 
table Praftice of the Law, for ſome Years, in purſuit of the Bays, 
till Experience convinc'd him of his Error, and that the ingrateful 


_ Stage, like other Friends we often.eſteem, forgets the Obligations 


it has toone. And tho' of late he nas given us a Cyrus, yet it was 
writ ſome Years ago, - he wholly applying himſelf to a more gain- 
ful employ. If the Golden Age of Poetry carried him from thatin 
the Luxurious Reign of Charles Il. when thore People run Mad af- 
ter the Muſes than even now ; the Iron Aze that ſoon enſu'd, re- 

211d him from fo fruitleſs a Purſuit. © Tho' by his Epiſodes, being 


_ generally inartificial, we may conclude he has not much ſtudied 


Ariſtotle, and the Art of the Stage, yet in Two of his Plays he 
has gain'd the true End of Tragedy, the' moving Terror and Pity, 
which many more celebrated Authors are ſo'far from, that they 


ſeem never to have aim'd at it : And this indeed makes ſome A- 


mends for the DefeQs'of Lanzuaze, in which he ſeems to me very 
faulty, He has Seven Plays in Print, of which the Alphabetical 
Order brinzs the laſt firſt. | 

*" Cyrus the Great, a Tragedy, Atted at the New Theatre 1n Z7n- 
colns-Inn-Fie!ds, Dedicated to her Royal Hizhneſs the Princcſs 
Ann of Denmark, 4to. 1696. The Plot of this Play is taken out 
of Scudery's Romance of the Grand Cyrus, and for the true Sta- 
ry of Cyrus, you may conſult Herodotus, - Fuſtin, Xenophon's Cyro- 
faideia, fc. Tho' this Plav had been formerly refus'd the Adti- 
on, yet it held up its Head about Six Days together, and has been 


- ſince Aqed ſeveral Times. 


Deftrufion ef Troy, a_ Tragedy, Atted at his. Royal Highneſs the 
Duke's Theatre. Lhndon, Printed 4to. 1679. and dedicated to the 
Right Honourable tne Lady Katharine Roos. This Play wanted the 
Succeſs the: Poet deſired on tne Stage. For the Story you may 
read Homer, Virgil, Ovid, Dares Phrygius, Dittys Cretenſis, (5c. 

' The Innocent Uſurper, or the Death of the Lady Jane Gray, a Tra- 
gedy, 4to. London, Printed 1594. and dedicated to Mr. Bently the 
Bookſeller that Publiſh'd it, in which he complains of the miſtaken 
Cauſe of its Prohibition of the Stage, appealing from the falſe In- 
ſnnuations of his Enemies, to Mr. Bently's Knowledge of its being 
writ Ten Years before, ſo that he could deſign no RetleRion on 
the preſent Government. His Defenſe ſeems reaſonable, and 1 
thinkhim as much in the Right, when he tells us,- that this Trage- 
dy is inferior to none of his former, and that he's confident it wou'd 
moxe the Ladies Tears. He afiures us, he has nicely _— _ 
; $-- , a0 8 . "i of . [ruth 


Known "AUTHORS." B. - 
Truth of the Story, which you may find in our Chronicles. This 
Play I look on to be much better than any of the late Tragedies ; 
tho' in hisMetaphors,he ſeemsnot to 've conſulted that uſtneſ which 
the Rules of good Rhetorick requires; but like all other human 
Performances, as it has its Beauties, it has alſo its Faults, but not 
enough of the later to over-ballance the former, A 

The Iſland Queen, or the Death of Mary Queen of Scotland, '4t-, 
1684. This Play too had the ill fortune,tobe denyed the Juſtice of 
appearing on the Stage, but Publiſhed by the Author in defence 
of himſelf and the. piece, The Story you may read in Brcha- 
nan, Speed, Camden, Du Cheſnme, Brantons's Memoirs, Cauſon's Ho:y 
Court, &c. | 

Rival Kings, or the Loves of Ornondates and Statira a Tragedy, 
4to. Aﬀed at the Theatre Royal, 1677. _ Dedicated to the Lady 
Catvarine Herbert. For" the Plot conſult the Romance of Caſſzn- 
dra, Quintus Curtius, and Fuſtin. 

Virtue Betrayd, or Anna Bullen, a Tragedy, Aded at his Royal 
Highneſs the Duke's Theatre, 4to. Lon. Printed 16582, Dedicated 
to the uluſtrious Princeſs, E/lzzabeth Dutcheſs of Semerſet; for the 
Plot conſult a Book call'd, The Novels of Elizabeth Queen of Eng- 
land, &c. Speed, Herbert, Du Cheſne, Dr. Burnet's Kiſtory of the 
Reformation, &c. 

Unhappy Fawourite, or the Earl of Eſſex, a Tragedy, Atted at 
the Theatre Royal by their Majeſiies Servants, 4fo. Lon. 1682: 
Dedicated to the moſt High and moſt 1Iluſtrious Princeſs, the La- 
dy Ann, Daughter to his Royal Hizhneſs. This has always been 
Aded with Succeſs, and never fail'd to draw Tears from the Eycs 
of the fair Sex. For the Story, ſce the Novel call'd, The Secret 
Hiſlory of the moſt Renowned Queen E!izabeth, and the Earl of Eſſex. 
Camden's Elizateth, Speed, Du Chefne, Stow, Baker, &c, 


Barnaby Barns. 


A* Author wholiv'd in the time of King James I. he writ hut 
One Play Publiſhed, which bears the Name cf the 

_ Devil's Charter, a Tragedy, 4to. 1607. It ſecms to be written 
in 1mitation of Shakeſpear's Pericles, Prince of Tyre; an antient 
Play, and is an Account of the Life and Death of Pope Alex- 
anderVNI, See Guiccardin's HiSs. Italy : and Maſſonizs de Geſiis Pon- 
tificum Romanum. : 

There is. alſo Publiſtied under this Author's Nome, 2 Bgpk of 


Ofeces, about Princes, fol, 1606. 


R 4 Rovers 


00 reno. Toon ns oc ED et re nr ere en. > > — RE CO OC _- 


—— . -——- — — ———— ——— —— — 


- > ee _ - C— I ee en CE IO — —— . = 
a tPA" PAI we I EI EE a A ne PO M.A 
R 


for her Beauty, as afterwards for her Poetick Works, in which 


Known AUTHORS. B. 


| : Robert Baron, Eſq; 


A Young Gentleman who Liv'd in the Reign of King Charles I. 
and. the Interregnum of Oliver, firſt bred at Cambridge, and 
afterwards was a Member of the Honourable Society of Grays- 
Ini: He wnit theſe three Plays, LF. 
Deorum Dona, a Mask, $vo. This is part of a Romance, writ by 
Baron, call'd the Cyprian Academy, Printed at Lond. 1647. 
Gripus and Hegio, Pa$t. 800. A Play conſiſting of three Ads 
only, and borrowed a great part from a Play of Webſter's, call'd, 
The Dutcheſs of Malfey, and the aforeſaid Romance. ; 


Mirza, Trag. 8v0. Plot from Herbert's Travels, fo!. accounted 


by his Friends a good Play, is Dedicated to the King, and re- 
commended to the World by divers Copies of Verſes; for moſt 
of the Scenes and La 
ſon's Catiline. Sir Fobn Denham's Sophy 1s on the ſame Subje&, and 
writ about the ſametime. © hari 


Lodow Barrey. 


THIS Author Liv din the time of King Charles I. he writone 
' Play call'd, Ram-Alley, or Merry Tricks, C. qto. 1611. 


Francis Beaumont. See Fletcher. 


Capt. William Bedloe. 


HIS Author was a Famous Evidence in the Popiſh Plot, be- 
fore the Expiration of which he Dy'd, leaving behind him 


one Play, calld, 


The Excommunicated Prince : or,The Falſe Relick, T.C.Fol. 1679- 


The Plot taken out of Heylin's Geography , in hjs Account of 


- 


Georgia. His Life is Printed in 8v0.. 1681. 


Aphara Behn. 


T HIS Authoreſs, whoſe Name was Aphara, not Aftrea, as ma- 
ay have thought, was Born in the 3 of Canterbury in Kent, 
her Maiden Sirname 7ohnſon; ſhe was much admired in her Youth 


Language he ſeems to have Conſulted Ben. Fobn- | 


LE RPRMAMMrp 


Knows AUTHORS. B 9 
ſhe excel['d not only all that went before her of her own Sex, but 
preat part of her Contemporary Poets of the other : She had a 
oreat Facility in Writing, ax much of Naturein all ſhe writ, was 
employ'd by Charles II. in the Diſcovery of the Dutch Intreagues, 
in the Dutch War; Liv'd belov'd, and Dy'd lamented by all that 
knew her, and lyes Buried in the Cloyſters of Weſtminſter Abbey, 
under a great Marble Stone, on which is inſerted theſe two 
Verſes: | 


Here lies a Proof that Wit can never be, 
Defence enough againſt Mortalitie. 


Her Plays, Seventeen in Nymber, are as follow in their Alphabe- 
tical Order ; wm 
\* Abdelazer, or the Moor's Revenge, T. 4to. Compare this Play 

with one of Chriſtopher Marlo's, call'd Luſt's Dominion, 8v0. and you 
will find it almoſt the ſame; 

Amorous Prince, or Curious Hwband, T. C. qto. Part of it ta- 
ken from the Story of the Curious Impertinent in Don Quizot, Part 4- 
"GAR: 

City Heireſs, or Sir Timothy Treat-All, C. 4to.- Part of it from 
a Play of Middleton's, call'd, A mad World, my Maſlers, 4to, and 

rt from another of Maſſengers, calld, the Guardian, 89. 

Dutch Lover, C. 4to. Plot from Don Feniſe, 8v0. See the Stories 
of Eufheme, Theodore, Don Jame, and Frederic in that Ro- 
mance. 

Emperor of the Moon, F. 4to. Taken from Harlequin, Empereur 
dans le Monde de [a lune. 

Forced Marriage, or The Jealous Bridegroom,T.C. 4to. The firſt Play 
ſhe Writ. 

Falſe Count, or a New way to play an Old Game, C. 4to. Iſabella's 
beingdeceiv'd by the Chimney Sweeper; taken from Molteres des pre- 
cteuſes Ridicules. 

Feign'd Courtezans or a Nights Intreague, C. 4to. This Play was 

well accepted, and accounted one of the beſt ſhe writ. 
* Lucky Chance, or the Alderman's Bargain, C. 4to. Gayman's 
enjoying Lady Futbank,, and taking her for the Devil, taken from 
Mr. Alexander Kickſhaw and Lady Aritina, in the Lady of Pleaſure, 
written by Shirley, 4to. 

Rover, or The Baniſh'd Cavaliers, two Parts, C. 4fo, Taken 
from Tho. Kiltegrew's Don Thomaſo, or The Wanderer, fol. 

' Round Heads, or The good Old Cauſe,C.4to. A Playof John Tate- 
ham's, call'd, The Rump, altered, 4to. Sh | 

" Sir Patient Fancy, C. 4to. Part of this Play taken from Richapd 
Broom's Damyſelle, 830. and Le Malade Imaginaire. 


Tn 


gt le, tae ns OA A. 0 As oe. Ge, i AAR. 


wo  KKFwwn AUTHORS. B. 
Town Fop, or Sir Timothy Tawdry, C. 4to. A great part of this 
Play borrowed from a Play, call'd,. The Miſeries of Forced Marriage, | 
written by George Wilkins, 4to. med! 

Widow Ranter, or The Hiſlory of Bacon in Virginia, F. 4to. This $10dv 
Play 'was Publiſhed after her Death by. G. 7. Plot from the known {5 
Story of Caſſins. 

Toung King, or, The Miftake : A Tragi-Comedy , 4to. 1683, 
This Play 1s Dedicated to a particular Frie nd of hers, under the 
name of Philaſter. The Deſign. is borrowed from Calpranedes 
Cleopatra. See the Hiſtory of Alcamenes and Menalippa Part 8th. 

Tounger Brother, or The Amorous 7ilt,C.4to. This Play was Pub- V 
liſhed after her Death (with her Life added) the Story was of her 
own Knowledge, and written-above ten years before ſhe dyed, it 
was much eſteemed by her,- and it muſt be owned, in ſpight of the 
ul ſucceſs it met with, that there is a great deal of Wit at leaſt in 
the beginning of it, the firſt two Atts being very well received | 
but the tedious Scenes in Blank Verſe, betwixt Mrrtilla and Prince | 
Frederick, loſt the Diverſion they would have given in another more } 
eaſie Dreſs. Taken from a true Story of the Brother of Coll. Henxy 


. Martin, and a Lady that muſt be nameleſs. 'Sea the Novelcalld } * 


Hatige. 
Theſe Plays wereall written between the Years 1670. and 16go. [ 


Dawbridgcourt Belcher. 


T HIS Gentleman writ one Interlude in the time of King ZarresT. 

whilſt he lived at Utreicht, in the United Provinces, which 

he entituled, | | 
Hans Beer-p1t, his Inviſible Comedy of See me , and See me 


not, Int. 4to. 1618, Aﬀted by an honeſt Company of Health-Drin- 


kers, ſays the Title. He was an Engliſh Man, and in his Epi- 
file calls it neither Comedy nor Tragedy, wanting both number of 
Speakers, and Parts or Ads it ſhould "tk it conſiſting of three 
AQts only. 


Rikad Bwraad; 


A Gentleman that Liv'd in Lincolnſhire, in the time of Queen 

A Elizabeth, and gave us then a Tranſlation of Terrences Come- 

dies, in a Language and Stile ſuitable to the time he Liv'd in. Pab. 
Terentins was a Carthaginian born, and brought a Slave.to Rome 
in his Youth, there well Educated by his Patron Terent. Seneca,and 

by.him made Free for his Wit, and left behind him fix _— 
Vit. 


Known AUTHOR - oy 17 


his ((viz.) Andrea, Adelphi, Eunuchus, Heutontimorumenos. Hecyra and 
be LPhormio,the Fourth Edition in 4t0.4614- The four firſt of theſe Go- 
" *Umedies are borrowed from Menander. The two laſt taken from Apol- 
i: Blodorus. He generally brought twa of Menander's into one of 


vn { his. He was thought to have the help of Lal and Pub. Scipit, in 


his Writings which he thought an Horiour, not Diſgrace. 


Mrs. Frances Boothby. 


Hether this Authoreſs be yet Living, I know not, ſhe Livd, 
VV and Writ in the time of King Charles Tt. a Play call'd, 
Marcelia, or The Treacherous Friend, T. C. 4to. 1670. 


Roger Boyle, Earl of Orrery. 


þ A Noble Man of the Kiggdom of Ireland, eminent both in Arts 


and Arms, as a Poet and as a Patron; he dyed 0b. 1679. 
and has Publiſhed theſe following Plays, LS 

Black Prince : For theStory conſult Walſingham?: Hiſt. Angl. Wi- 
gornenſis Chronicon. Polid” Virgilii. Flarentii Monarch; Froiſſard 
Chron. de France, dy d Angleterre, Engliſh Chronicles in Reign 
of Edw. IIl. Cry, A VA 

Tryphon : Conſult the firſt Book of Maccabes, Joſephs, lib. 13, 
ApÞ!an de Bellis Syriacis, &c: ; ; 

Henry V. See the Engliſh Chronicles in the Reign of that King, and . 
the Reign of King Charles VI. in the French Chronicles, as Fean 
Tuvenal des Urſins, Le Hiſt. de Charles VI. Mexzeray, &c. . 

Muſtapha : Conſult for the Plot Thuanus , [th. 12. Thos Ar- 
twila continuacm de le Hiſt. des Tourc's, and Knowles's Turkiſh, 
Hiſt. Theſe four inFolio ; the two firſt Pubhſhed 1672. the other, 
twoin 1677. : gd 

Guzman, A Comedy Atted at the Theatre Royal. 1693. The 


Plot of this Play is taken from a Romance of that Nme. 


Herd the Great, a Tragedy, Printed 1694. I do not find that 
this Play-was ever Aﬀted. The Story of this Prince you will find 
in Zoſephus, and his Life in, Cauſſin's Holy Court. 

- Theſe two Plays are bound pp with the reſt of his Plays, in fel, 
and tho' the Title Page tells us that the firſt was ARted, yet there 
15 no Drammatis Perſone before it. q 

He alſo writ one other Play, call'd, Maſter Anthony, 4to. 3690, 
The Prologue to this, is the {ame of that to one of ,Durfey's Plays, 
calld, The Fool turn'd Critich. | 


San xe} 


\ 


Known AUTHORS. - B. 


Sarmel Brandon. 


E Livd in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, and writ this Play 
towards the latter part of her time, call'd, 

The Virtuous Oftavia, T. C. 2w. 1598. and tho' this Play was 
never Adﬀed, yet the Author had a very good Opinion of it ; and 
his Epiſtles Printed with it, Compos'd in imitation of Ovid's. 
Plot from Plutarch's Life of M. Antony. See alfo the Life of Au- 
gnſtus in Suetontiss, Dion. Caſſins, &c. 


Nicholas Breton. 


E has Writ and Publiſhed nothing more then this one Inter- 
lude,call'd, | 


The old Man's Leſſon, and Tourg Mans Love. Inter!, 4to. 4 very ; 


old Piece, - - 


Anthony Brewer. 


A* Author in the Reign of King Charles I. Publiſhed theſe 
two Plays following (viz.) | 

The Country Girl, C. 4to. 1647. This Play was Reviv'd juſt 
thirty years after its firſt Publiſhing, by one Leanard, who gave it 
a new Title, calling it, Country Innocence, or the Chamber-maid 
nurn'd Quaker. 4to. 1677. 

Love-fick King, T. C. 4to. 1655. This Play was alſo Reviv'd, 
and Acted at the King's Houſe, under the Title of The Perjured 
Wn, 4to. 1680. See Speed, Polyd.Virgill, Gu. Malmsb. Ingulfus, 
Higden, Du Cheſne, (oc. 


Alexander Brome. 


E Livd in Charles 1. time, Y was 4 Stirring Attorney and 


. & Poet in the Royal Cauſe, d the Government of thoſe 
Times. He Publiſhed but one PlaMof his own, entituled, 
The Cunning Lovers, C. 4to. 1654. The Story of the Cunning 


Lovers, taken from the 7 Wiſe Maſters. - See alfo the Nov. of the 


Rrtunate Decetved, and Unfortunate Lovers. 
Tet 


2 © 
Bs 2 


Known AUTHORS. B. x3 

Yet he took care to give the World a Volume of Mr. Richard 
{Bromes after his Deceaſe, Printed in 8v9. This Author has Pub- 

iſhed alſo a Volume of Poems, which he writ in the late Trouble- 
ome Times, together with Epiſtles and Epigr 
lay{divers Authors, Printed about the time of the Reſtauratian of Ki 

Charles II. and again 1664. Beſides theſe , we have under h 

SJName Horace, 80, tho' no! wholly Tranſlated by him, 


ind 
: Richard Brome. 


E Liv'd inthe time of King Charles I. was ſervant to Ben. John- 
H ſon, and writ himſelf into Reputation by his Comedies z was 
Complimented with Copies of Verſes, from moſt of the Poets'of 
his time, and even from his Maſter Ben. . His Plots are his own, 
and ſtudying more Men then Books, he has not fallen into Plagi- 
ariſm. Befides-thoſe Plays writ by himſelf, he joyn'd with Hey« 
wood, 1n a' Play calld, The pcs Fa Witches. His Plays, in all 
fifteen, as they were PulKſhed follow (viz.) City. Wit, or The Wo- 
man wears the Breeches, Court Beggar, Damoyſelle, or The New Or- 
dinary; Mad Couple well Match'd; Reviv'd under the Title of De- 
bauchee, or The Credulous Cathald, 1577. Novella: Thele five are 
Printed together in one Vol. 8v0. 1653; 

Covent G:rden Weeded; Engliſh Moor, or The Mock Marriage; Love- 
fich Court, or The Ambitious Politich ; _New Academy, or The New 
Exchange ; Queen and Concubine : Theſe five are Printed in ano- 
ther Vol. 8w9. 1659. a 

Antipodes, C. 4to. 1640. Fovial Crew, or The Merry Beggars, C. 
4to. 1659. Revived and Reprinted 1685. Northern Laſs, C. 4to. 
1663. Revived and Reprinted 1684. with new Prologue and 
Epilogue. Queens Exchange, C. 4to. 1657. Sparagus Garden, C. 
6:0 640. Moſt of theſe Plays were 'Aﬀted with general Ap- 
plauſe. 


Fulk, Grevile, ord Brook, ſee Grevile. 


Ruben Bourne. 


| for ſay no more of this Anthor, but that I'm inform'd he is 
or lately was of one of the Temples, and has a Play in Print 

under this Title : | | 
The Contented Cuckold,or The Womans Advocate, 4to.C.1692. This 
Play was never Aded, but Dedicated to his Worthy Friends Fob 
Huxly of Wyerhall in Edmonton, in the County of Middleſex, Efq; 
end. Richard Andrews of the ſame Gentleman. | 
We nee Henry 


14 'Knows AUTHORS. C 


LY 


Henry Burkebead. 


T IS" Author: was a Merchant in Briftol, in the Reign of Kit 
Charles'l. his Play call'd, | | 
Colas Fury, "or Lyrindas Miſery, T. 4tv. was never Aﬀcd, it repre 
ſents the Troubles of Ireland under teigned Names. 


"& Gentleman that Liv'd in Ireland in King Charles I. time, Wriffl of 

a Play call, 8 Q 

Landzartha, T:C.4t0.1641. ARed at Dublin with gpod Applauſe 

and ſome time after Printed there, The Plot which 'is toundedfj 
on the "Conqueſt of Fro (and call'd by ourAuthor Frolto) King of Þ f: 
Suethland, by Regner King of Denmark, which the Repudiation Þ} g 
of Landgartha Q. to Regner. See Krantziut, Lib. 4. c. 6. Fo: | 
Magus , Lib. 17. cap. 4, 5- (5 Saxo Gramat, Lib. g: 


Henry Burnel, Elq; 


n 4 


— 


tt OE _ > - - - 
Do — —_ L———— 


—— — 


C 


_. Lady Elizabeth Carew. 


T HIS Lady lived in Queen Elizabeth's Reign, atid has left be- 
| kind her a Tragedy call'd, | | 
Mariam the Fair Queen of Fury, 4to. There is another Tragedy 
written by Pordage, more Modern, on the ſame Subje&, call'd , 
Herod and Mariamne. Plot taken-from- Joſeph. Hiſt. Jews, lib. 1 4 
O 15. Salian.Tom. 6. A. M. 4012. Tormel. Tom. 2. A.M. 4025, 

C, 


' Thomas Carew. 


OE of-the Gentlemen of the Bed Chamber, and Sewer in Or- | 
dinary to King Charles 1. by whoſe command, and the Aili-. 
ftance of Inigo Jones, he compoſed a Maſque, .called, | 


Colum 


Knows ;AUT/ HORS. A. T) 
Celun Brit annicum, 80, Fes in the, ing Houſe at 
hite-Hall , by his ſaid Majeſty, King Charles k and his No- 
les, An. Dom. 1633. (Mr. Hen. Lawes, one of the King's Pri 
Sate Muſick, and Gentleman of the Chappel Royal, ſet all the 
ufick to the ſame. ' This Author Publiſhed a Volume 'of Poems 
Wand Songs, which have been divers times (with this Maſque) Re- 

xrinted, the laſt Edition, 1670. 


Lodowick, Carlell, Eſq; 


{FP f15 Gentleman was an Old Courtier, and liv'd in the Time of 
| both the King Charles's, and poſleſt the Places of Gentleman 
Vrity of the Bowes to King Charles I. and of Groom of the King and 
Queen's Privy-Chamber. He has Publiſh'd Eight Plays (viz, 
Arviragus gnd Philicia, in Two Parts, T: C. 129. 1639- ( revived 
ledFj ſince with a new Prologue writ by Mr. Dryden, and ſpoke by the 
or famous Actor, Mr. Hart. For the on Which this Play is 
on F grounded, ſee Geof. Monmouth, libs 4. c.16. Pol. Virgil, lib.2. Matth. - 
of Weſt. pag. 93. Grafton, Part' 7. page 77. 
| Deſerving Favourite, T. C. $v0. 1659. This Play was repreſen- 
| ted before King Charles I. and his Queen at White-#all, and often 
in Black-Fryars, with great Applauſe. : 
s Fo! would bs a Favourite; or, The Diſcreet Lover, 80. 1657. 
Oſmond the Great Turk ;, or, The Noble Servant, Tragedy, 8w. 
1657. (The AGtion of this Play is, the taking of Conſtantinople, in 
the Year 1453. See Knolles's Turkiſh Hift. 1n the Life of Maho- 
met Il. Bandello's Novels, Tom. 1, Hiſt. 2. Lipfi Monita, lib. 2. 
Cap. '9.” Artus le Contin. de P Hiſt. des Tacs. Lib. 11. This Play, 
with the two preceding, are Printed together in 8vo. 1657. 
Paſſionate Lover, in Two Parts, T. C. 849. 1665s. This Play 
was publiſhed by Mr. Alex. Gough, it having' been before twice pre- 
ſented before-the King and Queen's Majeſties at Saefir tbe. 
Heraclins, Emperor of the Eaft, Trap: 4to. 1664," This tranſſa- 
ted from the French of Monſieur Corre lle, was deſigned by the 
Tranſlator for the Stage, but never Atted. Sce Zvniar, Baronius,gyc. 


James Carlile. - 


E was born, as I'm informed, in Lancaſhire, he firſt appear'd. 

in the World as a Player, and gave no ſmall Promiſes of ma» 

king conſiderable Progreſs 1n that way; he left the while he 

was yet young, and took to the Wars ; got no little ton in' 

the Triſh Expeditions under his Preſeat Majefty, and with his Bro- 

ther, loſt his- Life in the- Bed of Honour. He gave us a Play 
cilled,. * The 


, 


- _—_ m——_— — 
_ LY 
Wn OOO Inno EEO TE I i en ro Ire "WI + + — _ 
Oo 
” 


— — ——  ——_—_— P_ 
o 


16. Known AUTHORS. B. | 

The Fortune Hunters ; or, Two Fools well met. Com. 4to. This wal 0 
ARed with Applauſe,as it has been lately revived by the raced 
Company. -, Ke 


_ Richard Carpenter. 


Ti IS Author lyed in the latter end of King Fames I. and 
beginning of King Charles I. Publiſh'd one Play called, 
The Pragmatical Jeſuit new Leaven'd,q4to. A Play tends to Morali 
and Vertue ; ſo 'tis doubted whether the Author was not a Divi 
there being/Three Sermons Publiſh'd under the ſame Name, in 
latter end of the Reign of King Zames I. 


George Cartwright. 


F this Gentleman I can only ſay, that he liv'd at Fulham, and} _ 

that he has writ a Play called, bu 

Heroick Love; or, The Infanta of Spain, a Tragedy, dedicated to ” 
King Charles Il. and Printed, London, 1651. 80, 5 


William Cartwright 


T' E Name of .our Author's Father and Place of Nativity, arc # 
differently Related by Mr. Wood, (a) the late Antiquarian in his ® 
Artiquit.Oxon. and (b) Mr. Loyd in his Memoirs,the firſt making him Þ - 
Glouceſterſhire, and 'the latter 0x9ſordſhire ; but all agree he. was 
brought up a Kine's Schollar at Eaton, under Dr. 0/baſton, and choſe | 
Student of Chriſt-Church-Colledge. in Oxon, where he paſled thro! | 
his Degrees of Batchelor and Maſter of Arts: The Houſe made 
choice of him for Profor, and was admitted by the Univerſity | 
with Mr.Wake of Magdalen Colledge in the Year 1643.-' in the 
Winter that Year he Dy'd of a Malignant Fever, and lies Buried | 
in the South Je of that Church. He was helov'd by the King and | 
Nyeen, and lamented by all his Acquaintance and Friends. He was | 
expert in the Latin, Greeh, French, and Ttalian Tongues ; was © 
extream modeſt, as well as handſome ; and admired, not only by | 
his Acquaintance but Strangers. Ben. Johnſon among the reſt writ ! 
in his Praiſe ; and Biſhop Fell gives him the higheſt, 1f not Hyper- ! 
bolical Praiſe, in ſaying, He was the utmoſt that Man could come to. © 
He writ four Plays, viz. i} - 
Lady Errant, a Tragi-Comedy, 8v0. 1657. - This was eſteemed 
by many about that time a good Play. 


——_ 


| (a) Antiquit. Oxon. p. 274- (b) Lloyd's Memoirs, f- 422+ 
Ordinary; 


ef acicinuonq Ee 1 45490 


Known AUTHORS. C 17 


iS wa Ordinary, a Comedy 8vo. 1657. Part of the firſt AR is inſert 

&d in a Book call'd, Wits Interpreter, as a Love Dialogue, unde 

the Title of the 01d Widow, p. 81. 

7} Rozal Slave, a Tragi-Comedy, 8w. 1651, This Play was firſt 
reſented to the King wrt, ns the Students of Chriſt-Church- 
olledge, Oxon, Dr. Busby, late Schoolmaſter of Weſtminſter, a&- 


g a parttherein; and afterwards at Hampton Court,to both Their 
 FMajeſties, by the Players, at the Queens Command ; and tho' the 
litFPoet gave c<qual Inſtruftions, the Students carryed the Prize. 
Serge, or Loves Convert, a Tragi-Comedy, 8. 1651. Occaſion 
Sn Plutarch's Life of Cymon, and part from Boccaces Novels, Day 


3 Theſe Plays are Printed together with his Poems in 8490. where 
Tyou may find moſt of the Wits in the Univerſity appear with 
Copies of Verſes, toſhew the great Eſteem they had for him. 

> Our Author has alſo extant other Pieces, viz. a Sermon Print- 
Ted 1652, a Latin Book entituled, Dies in Menſe Novemb. maxim 
' notabiles Coronam, (Fc. 1671. | 


Robert Chamberlain. 


T HIS Anthor Liv'd in the time of King Charles I. and Writ 
a Play call'd, 

The Swaggering Damſel, a Comedy 4to. 1640. Whether ever this 

Play was Atted I cannot learn, nether can TI fay it deſerved Aing, 


William Chamberlain. 


Door of Phyſick' who Lived and Dyed in Shaftsbury in Dor- 
ſetſhire, was an old Cavalier, and had received ſeveral Marks 
of his venturing in thoſe Wars. He gave us a Teſtimony of his 
Poetick wy pac in an Heroick Poem, entituled Pharoniga, 80. 
1659. 'and fince has appeared in Proſe, with the Title of Erome- 
na, or The Noble Stranger, a Novel, 1683, He writ but one Play 
Printed, call'd, 
Loves Viftory, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1558. This has appeared 
fince under a new Title and Aed, call'd, The Wits led by the.Noe, 
or A Poet's Revenge, 4to. 1678. 


Georg? 


nd - 


Kmwwn AUTHORS. C 


George Chapman. | 
T HIS Poet Flouriſhed-in the latter part of the Reign of Queen+ 

Elizabeth and King James I. He was received among the for- 
moſt of the Poetick Writers of that Age, for his Tranſlations, 
well as Original Writings. He joyn'd with Ben. Fohnſon and Mar 
fon, in the Compoſing one Play call'd, Eaſtward Hoe. He alſo 
Tranſlated all Homer, Heſind, and Muſes, whiche Works were 
eſteemed well done in that Infancy of Tranſlation : His Plays 
which follow, are 18 in Number. 

All Fools, a Comedy, 4to. 1605. Then accounted a good Play ;! 
it is Built on Terence's Heautontimorumenos or Self-Denyer, and was|! 
Aﬀed before King 7ames I. : x 

Alphonſus Emperor of Germany, a Tragedy 4to. 1654+ Plot from || 
Chron. de Rebus Germanicis, ſee alſo Reynolds on the Paſſions, Wan- |; 
ley's Hiſt of Man, Mariana de Reb. Hiſt. lib. 13. c. 10. Hiſt. TI 

7 


rale a"Eſpagne, lib. 12. 

Blind Beggar of Alexandria, a Comedy, 4to. 1598. Atﬀed by the 
Earl of Nottingham, then Lord High Admiral his Servants ; this 
Play is neither divided into Adts nor Scenes, | 

Buſſy 4'Amboiſe, a Tragedy 4to. This hath been preſented for- | 
merly at St.Pauls, and fince the Reſtauration by the Kings 
with good Applauſe. Plot from the French Chron. Hen. ILI. Thu- © 
anas, Deſerres, ox Roſſets Hiſt. Trag. de notre temps, (under the | 
names of Lyſis and Silvie) Hift. 17. þ. 363+ : 

Buſſy 4 Amboiſe his Revenge, a Tragedy, 4to. 1613. This Play 3 
met not with that Eſteem as the former, nor 1s it founded on {5 ? 
great Truthas the other. , 

Conſpiracy and Tragedy of Charles Duke of Byron, Marſhal of * 
France, two Plays 4to. 1608. For the Plot which 1s founded on | 
Hiſtory, ſee Davilas Hiſt. France, Mezeray and other French Chron, | 
mn the timeef X. IVth of France. : 

"Ceſar and Pompey, a Tragedy, 4to. 1631. Divers are the Au- # 
thors that haye treated on this Story, as Lucan in his Pharſalia, * 
Svetonius in the Life of Fulins Ceſar, Plutarch, Vill. Paterculus, | 
Florus, Dion, &c. | = 

Gentleman Uſher, a Comedy 4to. 5606. A Play which de- 
==_ no great Commendation, and I queſtion whether ever 'twas 
A | 

Humorous days Mirth, a Comedy, 4to. 1599. A Play of indif- 
ferent Repute, but entituled, 4 Pleaſant Comedy, as it has been | 
ſundry times Publickly Aﬀed by the Right Honourable the Earl of 
Nottingham, Lord High Admiral's Servants. 


Maſque : 


NY 5 2, _ LO” © 


Knwn AUTHORS: C 19 


Maſque of the Middle Temple and Lincolns-Inn, qto. 1614. 

This was. preſented at Court before the King, at the Celebrati. 
on of the Nuptials between the Palſgrave and the Princeſs Eliza- 
beth, Mr. Inigo Fones was the Ingineer to order the Machines and 
Decoration of the Scenes. 

May-Day, a Comedy 4to. 1611. Divers times Aﬀted with good 
Applauſe. \ ' 

Monſieur d'Olive, a Comedy, 4to. 1606. This Play was often 
Aﬀted by her Majeſty's Children with good Succeſs. 

Revenge for Honour, a Tragedy, 4to. 1654 When the Nur- 


ſery Ated in Barbican, ſince the Reſtauration they ſometimes made 


uſe of this Play. 

Temple, a Maſque, 4to. As I Conje@ure, - may be the ſame 
with that before of the Middle Temple,and Lincolns-Inn; Mr. Lang- 
bain, nor any other that I could ever learn, having ſeen any of 
this Title. ; p 

Two Wiſe Men, and all the reſt Fools, 4to. 1619. Mr. Langbain's 
former Remark on this Play was, that it exceeded in the Number 
of Ads any Play of what Language whatever. But if he had ſeen 
the Spaniſh Baud, either in the Original, or the Folio Edition in 
Engliſh, he might have found one with three times as many Ads; 
the Prologue and Epilogue of this Play are both writ in Proſe, as 
was ſometimes fiſed 1n thoſe times : Mr. Chapman's Name not be- 
ing to the Title of this Play, it's a queſtion whether it be really 
kis, tho' former Catalogues make it ſo. 

Widows Tears, a Comedy, 4to. 1612. Plot from Petroni- 
ws Arbiter. See alſo the Epheſian Matron , Printed in 8v0, 
1668, 

Eaſtward Hoe, a Comedy, 4to. 1605. This was his but in part, 
Ben Fobnſon and Marſton having joyned with him in it; 'twas thought 
worth the reviving by Mr. Tate, our preſent Poet Laureat, 
gives it the Title of Cucko/ds-Haven. 


- Colley Cibber. 


AN Author now Living, he is of Foreign ExtraQtion, his Fa- 
ther being a Native of . Holſtein, and a very skilful Statuary. 
I cannot underſtand that his Education ever reached cither of the 
Univerſities; he having been early by his Fancy led to the Stage, 
tho' it was not till the diviſion of the Houſes that he made any 
conſiderable Figure there, and then he at once exerted both the 
Poet and the Player, in his firſt Play calld, Loves laft Shift, and 
in the part of Sir Novelty faſhion, which he played himſelf, and 
ſo encreaſed both his Profit and his Reputation ; he hasalready Pub. 
liſhed two Plays of ſomething a different Charater, of which in 
their Order, C 2 Love's 


20 Knwn AUTHORS. C 


Loves laſt Shift, or The Fool in Fafhion; a Comedy, Aded at the 
Fheatre Royal by his Majeſty's Servants. London, Printed 1696. 
4to. And Dedicated to Richard Norton of Southwick , Efq. 

In the Epiſtle our Author informs us that the uſual Enmity at 
the Succeſs of an unknown Author, had produced ſome Surmiſes 
that this Play was not his own; but he afſures his Patron, that he 
ſhould think he affronted him, if he ſhould dedicate a Play to him 
that he could not entirely call his own ; no part of this, either of 
the Plot or the Expreſfion being borrowed from either the Dead 
or the Living. He indeed took a very rational Way to that Suc- 
ceſs, which his Epiſtle lets us know this Performance of his met 
with, by making uſe of the extenſive Acquaintance of Mr. 
Southern, For that Author that will ſtand on the bare Merit of 
his Play, may fatisfie himſelf in its Juſtneſs and Perfe&ion, but 
will ſeldom or never reap that Profit - from his Labours, that 
will anſwer either his Hopes or his Merit. Being ſenſible of this, 
FT ſuppoſe Mr. Cibber took care to engage the Intereſt of a great 
many, by obliging their Vanity, in ſubmitting his Play to their 
Peruſal and Cenſure; for there 1s no Complement fo prevailing 
with Mankind, as that which is made to their Wit. | 

Mr. C:ibher has taken Care to ayoid the Guilt of an unconfefſed 
Theft, in avowing his Innocence, only ſo far as he conld remem- 
ber. The Plot indeed feems to be new, as it 1s ſurpriſing and ad- 
mirable; but ſome of the Criticks will have it founded on a very 
great improbability, viz. on Loveleſs's not knowing his Wife : 
Tho! it may be urged in defence of it, That young Worthy's Con- 
firmatioa of her Uncle's former Account of her Death might very 
much contribute to his being impos'd on. But were this inſuffict- 
ont, yet the Beauty of the Incident, and the excellent Moral that 
flows from it, abundantly outweigh the Fault. The Characters of 
Sir Novelty, Snap, Narciſſa, and the Elder Worthy, ſeem to be good 
Copies of Sir Fopling, Jerry in Love for Love, Setter in the Old 
Batchelor, &c. Of Melantha in Marriage Alamode, &c. and Vain- 
love in the Old Batchelor. 

Womans Wit, or The Lady in Faſhion, a Comedy aRed at the The- 
atre Royal by his Majeſty's Servants, 4to. 1697. 

This Play is much ſhort of the former in the Eafineſs of Wit 
and Style, as in the Artful working up of the Plot. The Chara- 
Rers of Rabeiſh, Father and Son, with the Plot of their Walk, is 
much, borrowed from the Fortune Hunters ; from Otway's Dare De- 
vil ; from Sir Thomas Revel and his Son in Greenwich-Parke ; and . 
indeed among the other Characters there 1s not much new, 


Sr 


Knows AUTHORS. C 


Sir Aſtor Cockain. 


TY IS worthy Knight lived (about the Reſtoration) at his Seat at 

* Aſhbourn, a Market Town in Derbyſhire, his Family Ancient, 
pretending an Alliance with * William the Firſt : He had Edu- 
cation in Trinity Colledge in Cambridge, made the Tour of France ard 
Italy in his Five and Twentie*h Year, finiſhing it in the Year 
1632., Poetry being his darling Study. ' Among other Pieces, 
ne ha left us Three Plays. and a Maſque, of which in their 
Order. , 

Maſque, preſented at Berthie in Derbyſhire, 1539. before the 
then Earl of Cheſterfield, on a Twelfth-Night, his Two Sons ating 
Parcs in the ſame. 

Obſlinate Lady, a Comedy, 8vo. 1658. This Play ſeems a meer 
Imitation of Maſſenger's Very Woman. 

Ovid's Tragedy, 8v0. 1669, Some part taken from his Elegies, 
and patt from 7! Atheiſto Fulminato, an Italian Play. 

Trappolin ſuppoſed a Prince, a les Pnguamy 84). 1658, Plot 
from Trapolen credulo Principe, which he owns to have ſeen ated 
at Venice. It has been revived by Mr. Tate, and acted in the Year 
1685, by the Dukes Servants in Dorſet Garden. 

Therſites, and Tyranical Government, which may well be ſuppo- 
ſed to be none of his, tho? placed to him by Winſtanly and 'Phi- 
lips,you may find it in their Alphabet among the Anonymous Plays, 
Theſe are all printed with his Poems, Epigrams, gyc. in 8v9. 


William Congreve. 


Sentiment now living, who derives himfelf from an Ancient 
Family in Staffordſhire of that Name. His Politer Knowledge 
he owes to Dublin Colledge, from whence being returned to Eng- 
land, his firſt Applications were tothe Law. But Mr. Congreve was 
of too delicate a Taſte, had a Wit of too fine a turn, to be long 
pleas'd with that crabbed, unpalatable Study ; in which the labo- 
rious dull plodding Fellow, generally excells the more ſprightly and 
vivacious Wit ; for the Law is ſomething like Preferment at Court, 
won by Affurance and Affiduity ; this concurring with his Na- 
tural Inclinations to Poetry, diverted him from the Bar to the de- 
clining Stage, which then ſtood in need of ſuch a Support ; and 
from whence the Town juſtly receiv'd him a5 Rome's other Hope. 
Rochfoncault truly obſerves, that Merit alone will never make z 


F Cockain's Epigr. Lib. 2, Epig.7, 4 See his P vems Þ.93- and 1 18, 
C 3 Herge, 


22 * Kown AUTHORS. C-. 


Heroe, without the friendly Affiſtance of Fortune ; and therefore 
Mr. Congreve muſt be ſaid to be as much oblig'd to her for his Suc- 
ceſs, as to Nature for his Wit, which truly deſerv'd it, and of 


which all thoſe that read his Plays, muſt allow him a more than * 
Share. And indeed he took the moſt certain way to ': 


ordinary 


ld ana 


make ſure of Fortune, by the Intimacy he contraſted with the moſt | 


ative part of the eſtabliſh'd and receiv'd Wits and Poets of the 
Ape, before he ventur'd his Reputation to the Publick. For as a 
celebrated French Writer has obſcrv'd, an Author ſhould never 
expet to raiſe his Fame in the World, from an unknown State, 
by the Single Force of his own Genius, and without the Help and 


Concurrence of the Men of Wit, that have an Influence over the | 
Opinion of the World in things of that Nature, But then on the | 
other ſide, it muſt be confeſs'd,that his Merit was certainly of more. * 
than ordinary Power, to oblige them to forget their habitual 1/1- © 
Nature ; and criminal Emulation or Jealouſy (to give it no worſe | 


Name) of all thoſe, whom they have any Cauſe to fear, will once 


prove any conſiderable Rivals in their Fickle Miſtreſs, Fame. | 


Mr. Congreve has already given os Four Plays, of which in their Al- 
phabetical Order. 

The Double Dealer, a Comedy, Aﬀted at the Theatre Royal by 
their - Majeſties Servants, 16g4. 4fo. and Dedicated to the Right 
Honourable Charles Montague, Eſq. one of the Lords of the Trea- 
ſury. This Play not meeting with that Succeſs as was expeRted, 
the Author, as Poets are generahy apt to do, engages a little too 
violently in a Defence of his Comedy. The CharaQter of Mask- 


- well I take tobe an Image of Ierniſh in The Plain Dealer. 


Love for Love, a Comedy, Adced at the Theatre in Little Lin- 
colns-Imn-Fields, by his Majeſty's Servants, 16595. 4te. and Dedi- 
cated to the Right Honourable Charles, Earl of Dorſet and Middle- 
ſex. This Play, tho” a very good Comedy in it ſelf, had this Ad- 
vantage, that 1t was Aﬀed at the Opening of the New Houſe,when 
the Town was ſo prepofieſs'd in Favour of the very AQors, that 
before a Word was ſpoke, each Ator was Clapt for a conſiderable 
Time. And yet all this got it not more Applauſe than it really de- 
ſcrv'd: For there is abundance of Wit in 1t, and a great deal of 
diverting Humour. The CharaQers are juſtly diſtinguiſh'd, and the 
Manners well marked. Yet in the Plot he has not given himſelf the 
Pains of avoiding that ſo often repeated Improbability of Marry- 
ing in Maſques and Diſguiſes, which Mr. Tattle, nor Mrs. Frail had 
Senſe enough to avoid, if we may judge by the reſt of their Cha- 
ratters ; yet it muſt be own'd, that he has much better prepar'd this 
Incident to gain it,at leaſt ſome ſhew of Probability,than in the 0/d 
Batchelor,or than I have generally met within other Plays. TI leave 
the nicer Criticks to decide whether the unravelling of the Plot, 
and the Conduf of Angelica in it, be extreamly juft or no: I 


Known AUTHORS. C 23 


ſhall only ſay it pleas'd, and that is a conſiderable Defence, what. 
* ever ſome may think to the contrary. Nee 
* The Monrning Bride, a Tragedy, Ated at the Theatre in Little 
* Lincolns-Inn-Fields, by His Majeſty's Seryants, and Dedicated to 
# her R once TIT ANN of Denmark, 1697). 4to 
This Play had the greateſt Succeſs, not only of all Mr. Congreve's, 
but indeed of all the Plays that-ever I can remember on the-Eng- 
liſh Stage, excepting none of the incomparable Otway's ; and 1f 
what Dr. Blackmore ſays of it be true, it deſerved even greater than 
? © it met with; for the'learned DoRtor in the Seyenth Page of his 
# Preface to King Arthur, ſays thus; 
i © Since the writing of this, I haye ſeen a Tragedy, called, 
' #® © The Mourning Bride, which I think my ſelf obliged to take No- 
" # *®tice of in this Place. This Poem has receiv'd, and, inmy Opi- 
# © nion, very juſtly, univerſal Applauſe ; being look'd on as the 
* © moſt perfett Tragedy that has been wrote in this Age. The Fa- 
” © ble, as far as I can judge at firſt ſight,” is a very Artful and Ma- 
y * ſterly Contrivance ; the Charatters are well choſen, and well de- 


© lineated ; — Fs Ce Tho may Paſfions are well 
© touch'd, and skilfully wrought up. Di#ion Proper, Clear 

« Beautiful, Noble, and Diverſified agreeably to the Variety of the 
© Subjet. Vice, as it ought to be, 15 puniſh'd ; and oppreſs'd In- 
© nocence at laſt rewarded. Nature appears y y imitated 
* excepting one or two doubtful Inſtances, thro the whole Piece ; 
© 0 


ich there are no immodeſt Images, or Expreffions ; no 
© wild, unnatural Rants, but ſome few Exceptions allow'd 
© all things are Chaſt, Juſt, and Decent. This Tragedy, as I aid 
© before, has mightily Obtain'd, and that without the unnatural, 
* and fooliſh Mixture of Farce and Buffoon'ry ; without ſo much 
#252 or a Dance to make it more agreeable. By this it ap- 
* pears, that as a ſufficient Genius can recommend it ſelf, and fur- 
© niſh out abundant Matter of Pleaſure and Admiration, without 
© the paultry Helps above named : So likewiſe, that the Taſt of the 
t Nation is not ſo far depray'd, but that a Regular and Chaſt Play, 
© will not only be forgiven, but highly applauded. 

Thus far the Learned Door, of whom I will not ſay, as the 
Plain Dealer ſays of my Lord Plauſible, That rather than not Flat- 
ter, he will Flatter the Poets of the Age, &c. Yet I muſt needs 
ſay, ſo very great'a Commendation, will make ſome of the Cenſo- 
rious Criticks imagine what it was that oblig'd him to take ſuch 
particular Notice of this Play ; which, tho' I ſhould be never ſo 
willing to allow a Place in the firſt Form, yet I can never prefer it 
to the All for Love of Mr. Dryden, The Orphan, and Venice Preſery's 
of Mr. Otway, or the Lucius Junius Brut of Mr. Lee, either in 
true Art in the Contrivance and Condn& of the Plot; or the 
Choice and Delincation of the EN for the true End of _ 

{5-4 4 £<CY, 


= 


24 Kown AUTHORS. C 

edy, Pitty and Terror ;; or the true and natural Movement of the 
Paſſions, in which Particular, none of the Ancients (I was goi 
to fay equal'd, but I will boldly fay) ſurpaſs d our Engliſh d 
Bards in thoſe Plays, and our living Poet in this of his that I have 
mention'd. Or the Dion, either 1n regard to its Propriety, Clear- 
neſs, Beauty, Nobleneſs, or Variety. Let any impartial Judge read 
but AU for- Love, and tell me if there 15 or can be a Style more 
Pure, or more Sublime, more adapted tothe Subject in allits Parts : 
And I believe, notwithſtanding all that ſome Gentlemen have urg'd 
againſt the Language in Otway's Plays, it ſeldom wants any of thoſe 
Qualities that are neceſſary to the Perfetion of the Piece he has 
undertaken ; he has ſeldom given ns any Perſons of Kings or Prin- 
ces, and if his Stile ſwell not ſo much in the Mouths of thoſe of a 
Lower Degree, whom he has choſen, it was becauſe he had toe 
much' regard to the Nature of the Perſon he introduces. And in 
Lee (with the Critick's permiſſion let me ſpeak it) you find always 
ſomething Wildly Noble, and Irregularly Great; and I am un- 
willing, with ſome, to think his Stile puffie or tumid; I'm ſure in 
his Play of Lucius Junius Brutus he 1s generally Juſt, both in his 
, Thoughts and his Expreſſions ; and it is rather for want of a true 
Taſte of him, than his want of Merit, that he 15 condemn'd in that 
Play , I mean, if there be any that do not exempt that from the 
Faults of his other Plays. 

I urge not this as any Refletion on Mr. Congreve's Performance, 
for which I have all the juſt Value the Merit of the Play commands; 
but to-do oe to his great Predecefſors on the Stage, at the de- 

reſfing whoſe Praiſe, the Door, both in this and his former Pre- 

; , ſeems rather to aim, than at the raiſing that of Mr. Con- 
greve. - No, had I a mind to exert the Critich, I might, like ma- 
ny other of that Denomination, urge thoſe Defetts that either 
the Malice, or too nice Palate of others have deſcover'd in the Play 
It ſelf, But I think 'tis a very ungenerous Office (and not tobe ex- 
cus'd by any thing but ſome extraordinary Provocation) to difſe& 
the Works of a Man of Mr. Congreve's undoubted Merit, when 
he has done his Endeavour to pleaſe the Town, and ſonotoriouſly 
obtain'd his End ; and when the Faults that may perhaps be found 
in'em, are of a Nature that makes them very diſputable, and in 
which both his Predecefſors and Contemporaries have offended ; 
and I ſuppoſe he does not pretend to infallibility in Poetry. But 
tho' I purpoſely omit all Critical Refleftions, yet the Duty of this 
Undertaking, and the Foundation I build on, obliges me to examine 
what he may have borrowed from others; which indeed is not 
much, tho* the Incident of the Tomb, ſeems to be taken from the 
Meeting of Artaban and Eliza, at the Tombe of Tyridates, in 
the Romance of Cleopatra. And Zqra has many Features re- 
&Embling Nourmahat in Aurenge Zebe, and Almeria in the Indiay 
_ WT... 


r 3 I know ſome will have the whole Play a kind of a Cop 

of that; but I confeſs I cannot diſcover likeneſs enough to j 

their Opinion: unleſs it be Zara's coming to the Prilon to Oſmin, 
as Almeria does to Cortex, I believe our Poet had the Bajazet of 
Racine in view, when he formed his Deſign, at leaſt there is as 
much Ground for this as the former Opinion. Perez reſenting the 
Blow the King gave him, is like an Incident 1n Ceſar Borgia; but 
the Spaniard's Revenge is more generous, amt leſs cruel than that of 
the Italian. 1h 

Thus much for the Mourning Bride, of which, if I may be al- 
low'd to ſpeak my impartial Senſe, I muſt needs ſay, that in ſpite » 
of its Excellence, it diſcovers Mr. Congreve's Genizs more inclin'd 
and turn'd to Comedy, than Tragedy, tho' he has gain'd an un- 
common Praiſe for both ; however, 1t being his firſt Poem of that 
Kind, it promiſes more perfe& Produdts hereafter ; and for which 
all Lovers of Poetry long with Impatience. 

Old Batchelor, a Comedy, Atﬀed 1t the Theatre Royal by their 
Majeſties Servants, and Dedicated to the Right fonourable Charles 
Lord Clifford, of Lanesborough, 1693. 4to. This Comedy was 
Aded with ſo general an Applauſe, that it gave both Fame and For- 
tune to our Author ; at once made him known to the Town, and 
to an Honourable Mecenas; who, to the Satisfation of all Lo- 
vers of Learning, Wit, and Poetry, has ever ſince prov'd a- pene- 
rous Friend to our Poet. The Old Batchelor was uſher'd into:the 
World with ſeveral Copies of Verſes of his Friends, and which 
the Merit of the Play abundantly jnſtifies: For there's a gentee] 
and ſprightly Wit in the Dialogue, where it ought to he ; and the 
humorous Characters are generally within the Compaſs of Nature, 
which can ſcarce be truly ſaid of thoſe of ſeveral Poets,who have met 
with Succefs enough on the Stage. Bluff ſeems an Imitation of the 
Miles Glorioſis of Plautus ;, of Bounce in Greenwich Park; and Hac- 
kum in the Squire of Alſatia, &c. The Incident of Sir Joſeph 
Wittoll's Marrying Sylvia, and Captain Bluff, Lucy, in Maſques, has 
been too often an Incident on the Stage, fince I'm confident it was 
ſcarce ever done in reality. Some other Charaters are not entire- 
ly new, but that is very excufable in a Young Poet, eſpecially in a 
Play, which I have been aſſur'd was writ, when our Author was 
. but Nineteen Years Old, and in nothing alter'd, but in the Length, 
which being confider'd, I believe few Men that have writ, caa 
ſhew one half ſo good at fo unripe an Age. 


Edward Cook, Eſq. 


7F*H 13 Gentleman, only known to me by a fingle Play, never 
& Adted, but Printed, (viz.) 


Love's 


26 Knws AUTHORS. C 


Love's Triumph, or The Royal Union, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 16 F 
Plot from Caſſandra, Romance, Part 5. Book 4. 


John Cook. 


T# IS Author has but one Play in Print, called, 
Green's Tu Quoque, a Comedy, 4to. Publiſh'd with a Preface 

Tho. Heywood, who ſays in his * Epiſtle,That it paſt the Stage with geſÞnt 1 
. neral Applauſe,and that the Title had its Name in regard that ex cal 
lent Commedian, Thomas Green, Adﬀed the chief Partiin it, w 
eneral Repartee to all Complements was, Ti Quoque; and g1 
Pim this Chara&er, That there was not an ARor of his Nature i 
his time, of better Ability in Performance of what he undertook,®f 
more applauded by the Audience, of greater Grace at the Court, 
or of more general Love in the City. The Printed Copy is notdi+ 
vided into As, but has fince King Charles the Second's Reſtaura-*. 
tion, been Revived and Afted with good Applauſe. : 


, John Corey. 


A Gentleman that has ſet together a Play, called : K 
The Generous Enemies, or The Ridiculous Lovers, a Comedy, Þ 
Adted at the Theatre Roy $16 72.This Play 1s patch'd up out of 
four feveral Poets: The chief Deſign 1s borrowed from Quinault's La F 
Genereuſe Ingratitude ; that of the Ridiculous Lovers from Corneille's 
D. Bertram de Cigarral, which is alſo founded onthe Spaniſh Play, 
Entre bobos anda el juego;Bertran's Teſty Humour is partly borrowed 
from Randolph's Muſes Looking-Glaſs, AF 2.Scene 1. and AF.3. Scene 
3, and 4. and the Quarrel betwixt him and Robatzi, A# 5. wholly 

ſtollen from Love's Pilgrimage, A 2. Scene 1. AF 3. Scene 3. 


Charles Cotten, Eſq. g 


Gentlemen of a good Family in Staffordſhire, who has written i 
LA many Originals beſides Tranſlations, but nothing with more | © 
Succeſs than his Burleſque on Virgil, in Imitation of the French | ? 
Scarron; among the reſt, he tranſlated one of Corneille's Plays, A} © 


: Horrace, T. 4to. 1671. This Play has been tranſlated by Twoother 
Hands, viz. Sir William Lower, and Mrs. Katharine Phillips ;, but 


_ a — A 


_— G_ ” OE ET 
» * 


* Heywood's Epiſlle to the Reader. 


this 


Known AUTHORS. C 27 


is has been accounted equal to Madam Phillips's Tranſlation, and 
to exceed that Verſion of Sir William Lower. For the Plot con» 
t Livii Hiſt. Lib. 1. L. Florus, Lib. 1. C. 3. Caſſiodors, Dionyſins 
Wallicarnaſſars, (oc. 
# This Author has publiſh'd (beſides this Play) divers other Pieces; 
a Volume of Poems on ſeveral Occaſions, 8v0. 1689. The Com- 
eat Angler, being a Second Part of that Book on the ſame Subje& 
itten by Mr. Iſaac Walton, 80. 1676. in which Book are excel- 
nt Inſtructions how to Angle for a Trout or Grayling in a clear 
eam. The Wonder of the Peak, a Poem, 8v0. 1681. Scarom- 
s, or Virgil Traveſtie, a Mock Poem on the 1ft and 4th Books of 
irgils Aneis, 8v0. 1678. And one more attributed to him, tho' 
is Name not thereto, called, The Scoffer Scoft ; which are ſeveral 
f Lucian's Dialogues put into Burleſque Verſe, Printed 810. 1675. 


Abraham Cowley. 


HIS eminent Author was Born in London, 1618. at Ten Years 
Old(whilſt he was aWeſtminſterSchollar)he writ the Tagen 
f Pyramus and Thisbe;at Twelve that of Conſtantia and Philetus.By 
hirteen he had publiſhed ſeveral Poetical Pieces. From a Boy he 
as very Studious, and his Chance lighting on Spencer's Fairy Queen, 

'd his Inclinations to Poetry, which never forſook him till he 
ied. Whoever would read a.juſt Account of his Life, will fine 
t admirably writ by the preſent Biſhop of Rocheſter. He Died of, 

Stoppage in his Breaſt and Throat, having lain Il] a Fortnight ; 
and was Buried the 3oth of Auguſt, 1667. in Weſtminſter- Abbey, 
next Chaucer, and near Spencer and Drayton, with a neat Marble 
Monument erefted (as the Inſcription informs us) to him, by the 
late Duke of Buck:ngham. He has publiſh'd Three Engliſh Plays, 
of which in their Order. 

” Cutter of Coleman-Street, a Comedy , 4to. 1663. This P 
was Repreſented at the Duke's Theatre in Salisbury-Court, wi 
good Applauſe; yet met with Oppoſition by ſome few, who 
.at that time envied the Author for his Loyalty to his Prince, but 
was afterwards Aﬀed with univerſal Applauſe, it being a revis'd 
Comedy, and much alter'd and enlarg'd from that Mr. Cowly had 
_ en Years before haſtily drawn up , under the Name of 

tne \ 
Guardian, a Ccmedy, 4to. 1650, Aﬀed ſeveral times privately 
during the Prohibition of the Stage ; as alſo at Cambridge before 
Prince Charles, and after the Reſtauration 'publickly ARed at Dub- 
lin with good Applauſe, 


Ines 


26 Knwn AUTHORS. C 

- Love's Riddhe, a Paſtoral Comedy, 4to. 1633. This Play w , 
written in the Author's Youth, whilſt a King's Schollar at Wy And 
minſier,firſt printed with his Poetical Bloſſoms, and fince that,in ge 1 
Second Volume of his Works. | onſie 

In any of his Plays he cannot be taxed with borrowing fr 
other. 

The Works of this admirable Author are eminent enough to tax 
Ingenious, ſo needleſs to be here charateriz'd. He left Two Wung: 
lumes in Folio, Verſe and Proſe, alſo a Volume in $v0. Entitule 
Poemata Latina. It is a great Pity he liv'd not to finiſh that i 698 
comparable Epick Poem of Davides, being only Four Books of tifffor © 
Troubles of David; which he defignd to extend in all, to TwelyHiccl 
For his Life and Works I refer you further, to Dr. Sprat, Biſhah C4 
of Rocheſter's Account thereof. 


Robert Cox. 


T#? IS Author was a celebrated Comedian in King Charles that t 

Firſt's time : On the Suppreſſion of the Stage he made ſeveſ!4" 
ral Drolls, and, with his Companions, ARed them by ſtealth, botſotne 
in London and the Country Towns ; He Atted the chief Parts hin 
ſelf, and fo very naturally, that at Oxon he gain'd great Applauſe 
He publiſh'd one Interlude, called, 

Atteon and Diana, Interl, 4to. The Plot from Ovid's Metamorphlj * 
This, with ſome Drolls of his, may be found a ſecond time printedfi De 
1656, in 4to. the firſt Edition being printed for the Aythor's own G4 
Uſe, and in the Year 1673. they were again printed, with otherſj Pa 
Drolls colle&ted by Kirkman,under the Title of Sport upon Sport, 800, #1 


John Crown. 7 


A Gent yet living, whoſe Father having ventured moſt of $ 1 
his Eſtate (which was conſiderable) in a Foreign Plantation, & fi 
that was afterwards taken by the French, and all King Charles's & 8 
Reign __—_— he took, by the Encouragement of the late famous F # 
Lord Rocheſter, to Dramatick Writing, and has perform'd very well 
both in Tragedy and Comedy ; tho', with Mr. Langbain, I look & | 
on Comedy to be his Talent ; he has given us a Proof of his Abi- 
lity 1n theſe following Plays : | 
Ambitious Stateſman, or The Loyal Fawurite, a Tragedy, 4to, ® 
1679. Aded at the Theatre Royal, and Dedicated to her Grace the K | 
Dutcheſs of Albermarle. This Play met not withthe Applauſe the. 
Author and his Friends expeted. For the Plot, See De Serres, Mas 3 
zeray, and other French Chronicles, 


L. < Re - 


Andra- ; 


Kwwwn AUTHORS. C 29 


$ Andromache, a Tragedy 4to. 1657. Aﬀted at the Duke's Thea- 
in Dorſet-Garden. This Play was tranſlated from the French of 
onſieur Racine, by another Hand, into Proſe, and furn'd into 
ngliſh Verſe by Mr. Crown, as he owns, and tho' the Origindl is 
ell eſteem'd, yet this had not its expe&ted Succeſs on our Engl 
Mage. It ſeems founded on Virgil, - Lib. 3. Ver. 292. and in 
ings the Author follows the Andromache of Euripides. 
Calligula, Emperor of Rome, a Tragedy, London, Printed 4ts. 
8598. Aded at the Theatre Royal, by his Majeſties Servants. 
For the Plot conſult Setonizs in his Life : for the Poet has very 
[Þicely follow'd his Character given us by that Author. 

Caliſto, or, The Chaſi Nimph, a Ma que, 4to. 1675. _ This was 
rit by the Command of her late Majeſty, and often timcs repre- 
ented at Court, by Perſons of great Quality, with Songs between 
the Acts. The Foundation from Ovid Metam. Lib. 2. Tab.:5, 6. 

Charles the Eighth of France, or The Invaſion of Naples by the 
rench; an Hiſt. Tragedy 4to. 1680. writ in Heroick Verſe; Ated 
t the Duke's Theatre in Salisbury-Court. Plot taken from Guic- 
rardine's Hiſt. Philip de Comines's Memoires : Andre de la Vigne, and 
Sother French Chronicles in the Reign of Charles VIII. 

City Politicks, a Comedy, 4to. 1683. Aed at the Theatre Roy- 
#al in Drury-Lane, with good Applauſe. This Play the Whiggiſh 
Party in thoſe times took to be a ſevere Satyr on them. 

Country Wit, a Comedy, 4to. 1675. This Play, tho' but one 
# Degree above Farce, was Atted at the Duke's Theatre in Dorſet 
Garden, and approv'd of by his then Majeſty, King Charles IT. 
Part of the Plot and Language 1s taken from that Comedy of Mol- 
liere's, called Le Sicilien, ou L' Amour Paintre. 

Darius, King of Perſia, a Tragedy, 4to. 1688. ARted by their 
Majeſties Servants. For the Plot ſee Quint. Curt. Lib. 3, 4, and 5, 
7uſlin. Lib. 11. Cap. 5. and Diodorus, Lib. 17, (5c. | 

Deſtrufion of Jeruſalem by Titus Veſpaſian, in Two Parts, T. 4to. 
1677. Both theſe Tragedics are writ in Heroick Verſe, and when 
firſt appeared on the Stage, were Atted at the Theatre Royal, with 
great Applauſe. For the Plot ſee Foſephis Hiſt. Lib. 6, Gf 7. Tact- 
tus Hiſt, Lib. 5. Suetonius, Euſebius, (oc. 

Engliſh Fryar, or The Town Sparks, a Comedy, 4to. 1590- This 
Play was Acted by their Majeſties Servants; but met not with that 
Succeſs the Author expe&ted. See his Preface thereto. 

Hemy the Sixth, the Firſt Part, with the Death of the Duke of 
Glouceſter, a Tragedy, 4t9. 1681. This Play was Dedicated to 
Sir Charles S:dley, and Ad at the Duke's Theatre with good Ap- 
plauſe at firſt, but at length, the Romiſh Fa&ion oppoling it, b 
their Intereſt at Court, 'got it ſuppreſt. See the Second Part of 
Shakeſpear's Henry V1. Zh whence part of this is borrowed. 


Henry 


A 


” Knows AUTHORS. C | 


Henry the Sixth, the Second Part, or The M'ſeries of Civil Wa 
a Tragedy, 4to. 1681. Aﬀed alſo at the Duke's Theatre, with go 
Applauſe. Part of it is likewite borrowed from our, tr Fc 
the Plot ſee the Engliſh Chronicles writ in thoſe tim2s, by Graftar 
Holl ingſhed, Stow, Speed, (Fc. : 

Fuliana, or The Princeſs of Poland, a Tragi-Comedy, 4t». 157 
This Play was Aﬀed at the Duke's Theatre, and D:dicated to tt 
Earl of Orrery, being the firſt of this Author's Produ tion. 

The Married B-au, or The Curio's Impertinent, a Comedy, 4t 
1594. Ated at the Theatre Royal, by their Majeſties Servants 
ani Dedicated to the Lord Marquis of Normanby, Earl of M48 Tone 
grave, (xc. To this Play the Author has alſo prefixt a Preface iff The | 
Vindication of himſelf from the Aſperſtons caſt on him by ſome « 
his Enemies, as to his Morals and Loyalty, which I think he ſuf 
ciently clears, particularly in Mr. L,vely's, yielding to Polidbs, ar 
T think Mr. Crown in the Right, waen he tells us, 'tis hard to find 
which offends the Ladies, the Sin, or the Confeſſion; the latte 
Example perhaps they like worſt. This is accounted a good Play 
and has been often Aﬀted with general Approbation. The Sto 
15 taken out of the Comical Hiſtory of Don Nutzvf. 
_ Regulus, a Tragedy, 4to. 1694. Atted at the Theatre Royal, by 
their Mijeſty's Servants; it has no Dzdication, and met with no 
very good Succeſs, though the Deſign be Noble ; the Example o 
Regulus being the moſt celebrated for Honour and Conſtancy of 
any of Antiquity : nor is it confin'd to the Roman Hiſtorians ; 
Horace has writ an Ole upon it. You may read the Hiſtory in-Liwy, 
Lucins Florus, (5c. 

Sir. Courtley Nice, or It cannot be, a Comedy, 4to. 1685. Aﬀedf in 
by his Majeſty's Servants, and Dedicated to his Grace the Duke off V 
Ormmd. The Plot and Part of the Play from a Spaniſh Play, Noi Þ: 
Pued-eſer ; another Play called, Tarugo's-Wiles, firſt Aﬀted 1658. C 
hath the ſame Plot, and much reſembles this in many Parts there- 
of. The Song of ſtop Thief 1s taken out of Flecknoe's Demoiſell a 
Ia Mode, who likewiſe had it from the French of Molliere. This 
Play was often Aed with good Succeſs. 

Thyeſtes, a Tragedy, 4to. 1681. ARed at the Theatre Royal by 
their Majeſty's Servants. Plot from Poetieal Hiſtory, There are Y. - 
Two other Plays on the ſame Subje&, one in Spaniſh, the other in | 
French, which are alſo founded on Seneca's Thieſtes. 


writ! 
from 
ApP 
Lore 


Knwn AUTHORS. D 


D 


John Daneer. 


HIS Anthor liv'd a great part of his Time in Ireland, if 
not born there ; about the Year 1670. he came over into . 
5 England, and underſtanding well the 1taltzan and French 
f Tongues, he then Tranſlated Two Plays, as alſo a Paſtoral before, 
| hop many ape gp? The Falſe Tiberinss, T. C. 6 
Agrippa King of Alba, or Falſe Tiberings, T. C. qto. 1675. 
& written in Heroick Verſe; printed in London, with Amendments 
from what it was before, when ARed divers times with great 
# Applauſe in Dublin, before his Grace the Duke of Ormond, then 
# Lord Lieutenant of Ireland; and Dedicated to the Lady Cavindiſh, 
Daughter of the ſaid Duke : Tranſlated from the French of Mon- / 
fieur Quinault. 
Aminta, a Paſtoral, 89. 1660. This has been tranſlated into 
Five ſeveral Tongues, from that celebrated Wit, Torquato Taſſs, 
accounted the Father of Paſtorals, and is, above all others he ever 
writ, the moſt eſteem'd ; this is printed with ſeveral Love Verſes, 
Cc. of the ſame Author. 
Nicomede, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1671. AQted at the Theatre 
Royal in Dublin; and Dedicated to the Right Honourable the Earb 
of Ofſery. - Tranſlated from the French of Monſieur Corneille, be- 
ing a Piece he much yalued. S from Fuſtin, Book 34. He 
writ befides, a Romance, called, Engliſh Lovers and ( if we 
believe Mr. Winſtanly) A compleat Hiſtory of the late Times, and 4 
Chronicle of the Kingdom of Portugal. 


Samuel Daniel. 


Gentleman that flouriſh'd in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth and 
| King Zames I. he was born near Taunton in Somerſetſhire, and 
was entred Commoner of St. Mary Magdalen-Hall, Oxon, 1581. 
in the 19th Year of his Age; from whence, after Three Years Stu- 
dy, his Merit, and his Brother-in-law, Florio, prefer'd him to be 
one of the Grooms of Queen Ann. Moſt of his Plays he writ at a 
little Retreat from London : weary of the World, he at Jaſt retired 
into Wiltſhire or Somerſetſhire, and there turn'd Farmer, living in 
thoſe Parts till he was near Eighty Years Old, to whoſe Memory a 
Monument was erected in the Pariſh-Church, at the Charge — 

| Y 


/ 


12 Known AUTHORS. D 


Lady Ann Clifford (to whom he had been Tutor) afterwards Cound 


teſs of Pembrook, Dorſet, and Montgomery. Beſides his excellet 
Hiſtory of Eng/and, Printed in Folio, and continued by Truſſel, he 
left behind him ſeveral Poetical Pieces, among them Five D 
tick, of which in their Order : 

Cleopatra, a Tragedy, 80. 1611. and 4to. 1622. . Dedic: 
ted to the Right Honourable the Counteſs. of Pembrook : The la 
Edition is much amended, and far excels the firſt. For the Stc 
ſee Plutarch's Lives of Pompey and Anthony ; Florus, lib. 4. c. 11 
Appian de Bel. Civil. lib. 5. but chiefly, Otways Tranſlation of 
French Book called, The Hiſtory of the Three Triumvirates, v0. 1686 
This Play was much eſteemed 1n its time. 

Hymen's Triumph, a Paſtoral Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1623. Thi 
was preſented at the Queen's Court, at the Nuptials of the Lord 
Roxborough, and Dedicated in Verſe to the moſt excellent Maj 
— the Higheſt Born Princeſs, Annof Denmark , Queen of _ 

Philotas, his Tragedy, 4to. 1623. and Dedicated to King Charles 
the Firſt, when he was Prince. This was the firſt Play our Author 


writ, and then eſteemed, tho' at firſt met with ſome CO 


the Reaſon yeu may find by his Apology, at the End of the Play; 
where he handſomly acquits himſelf from the Imputation caſt on 
_ Plot from Plutarch's Life of Alexander ; Quint. Curt. Boo 
6, (Fc. , 

Nueen's Arcadia, a Paſtoral Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1623. This 
Play was preſented to the Queen and her Ladies, by the Uni- 
verſity of Oxon in Chriſt Church Colledge, 1605. Dedicated to the 

's Majeſty. AZ. nr. Scene 2. of Carinus and Amintas, reſem- 
ble Quinault's Philene, and Daphnis, in his Comedy Sans Comedie, 
and Scene 4. A 2. and the 7th Scene of the ſame A, are very 
Be Randolph's Amintas. | 

Viſion of the Twelve Goddeſſes, a Maſque, 4to. 1623. Preſented 
by the Queen and her Ladies at Hampton Court, and Dedicated to 
the Right Honourable the Lady Lucy, Counteſs of Bedford, and be- 
cauſe this was firſt publiſh'd imperfe&t, the Author ſoon after pub- 
Iſh'd it from his own Copy to prevent its ſuffering for the Future. 


Sir William D avenant, 


HE Son of John D'avenant, Vintner of Oxford, in that very 
Houſe that has now the Sign of the Crown near Carfax; 2 


nes 7 ſee 216 Le ng 


Warwich-ſhire; whither for the 
or the good Wine, I ſhall not determine. Our Author was Born 


there in the Year 1605, in February, and Chriſten'd on the 3d - ; 
March | 


jY 
" 


Known AUTHORS. D 33 


| March following, he was admitted a Member of Lincoln Colledge, 
#1621, the ſame Year that his Father was Mayor of that or l 
d After ſome Smattering in Logick, he quitted thoſe Studies for 
kd Poctry, which prov'd more yy, vr to him thah to any Mo- 
#dern Profeſſor of that Art. ' From Lincoin-Colledge he went firſt 

tJinto the Service of the Dutcheſs of Richmond, and afterwards to 
| that of Faulk Lord Brook; after whoſe Death he apply'd himſelf 

to Writing of Plays. In the Year 1637. hefi Ben. Fobn- 
1 ſon as Poet Laureat ; 1641 he was accuſed of endeavouring to Se- 

duce the Army ; Flying on a Proclamation, he was taken at Fe- 
K verſham in Kent, committed Priſoner to a Serjeant at Arms, was 

Ba1l'd; and fled for France; returning he was made General of 
# the Ordinance, by the Marqueſs of New-Caftle, he was Knighted 
# by the King, 1643. toward the end of the Civil Wars he 
© retired again into France,and began his Gondtbert, in the Year 1650. 
| he was taken at Sea by an Engliſh Ship, carried Priſoner to the Iſle 
E of Weight ; thence removed to the Tower; and had been tried 
#& for his Life, 1651. had not the Mediation of the Divine Milton 

prevented it, and got him his Liberty, as Priſonerat Large. His 
& Patrons Endimion Porter, and Mr. Jermin (afterwards Lord St. Al- 
bans) got him as a Reward of his Poetry and Services, the Place 
of Commiſſioner of the Cuſtoms, and a Patent for a Company 
of Actors, who firſt ſet up in the ſame Tenniſcourt in Little Lin- 
colns-Inn-Fields, where they now A : But finding the good At 
ing of the other Company won the Favour of the Town, he ſch 
up the Whim of Opera's. He was Laureat toCharles the I. o& IL 
he dy'd the 7th of April, 1658. Aged 63, and 1s Buried 
_ Poets in Weſtminſter-Abbey. His Works are Publiſhed Rl. 
1673. | 

His Plays which follow in Order, were moſt of them Ated with 
Applauſe, and Printed in the Author's Life-time ſeparately in 4to, 
and fince together in Folio. 

Albovin King of the Lombards, his Tragedy 4to. and fol. The 
Deſign is founded on Hiſtory, and the whole Story related in Ban- 
dello's Hiſtoires Tragiques, Tom. 4.. Nov. 19. Paulus Diaconss de 
Geſtis Longobardorum , lib. 2. c.28. Greg. Epiſc. Turonenſis Hiſt. 
I, lib. 2. c. 28. MHeylin's Coſmog. Part 1. Book 1. 

age 57. 

Britannia Triumphans, a Maſque, 4to. written by him, and Inigo 
Fones the King's Surveyor. 

Cruel Byother, a Tragedy 4to. and fol. Dedicated to the Right 
——_— the Lord Weſton, Lord High Treaſurer of Eng- 
and. 

The Diſtreſſes,a Tragi-Comedy, Printed in F#/. 1673. 
Entertainment at Rutland Houſe, Printed-in fol. 1673. This was 
preſented by way of Declamation, and Mufick, after the manner 
D of 


 g#bout nothing ,, the Language niuch amended and poliſh'd by © 


. Fields. For the true Story ſee Boiſſardi Icones ( vite Sult anorum 


34 Known AUTHORS. D 


of the Ancients : ſhe Muſick, Vocal and Inſtrumental was Com 
pos'd by Dr. Coleman, Captain Cook, Mr. Lawes, and Mr. Hud" 
ſon, all eminent at the time it was firſt repreſented- k 

The Fair Favourite,a Tragi-Comedy,firft Printed in 470. and fin 
in fol. 1673, | | 

The Fuft Italian, a Tragi-Comedy, firſt Printed in 4to. and fi 
in fol.1673, Dedicated at firſt Publiſhing to the Right Honoura 
Earl of Dorſet, with Recommendatory Verſes of Mr. Hopkins a 
Mr. Carew. | 

The Law againſt Lovers, a Tragi-Comedy, fol.15673. Taken fro 
two Plays of Shakeſpear, viz. Meaſure for Meaſure, and, Much 


Author. < 
Love and Honour, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. and fol. AQted both af FE 
the Theatre in Little Lincolns-Inn-Fields, and in Dorſet-Garden with D 
Applauſe. - 
The Man's the Maſter, a Comedy, 4to. and fol. often Aﬀed with 


Applauſe. Plot from Scarron's Foddelet, ou Le Maiſtre Valet, &c. | 5 
The Platonick Lovers, a Tragi-Comedy, 80. and fo!. firſt Print-# 

cd 1n 80. with the Wits, another Play of this Authors. 
The Play-Houſe to be Lett,fol. The ſecond A confiſts of a Frenc m 

Farce Tranſlated from Mollieres Sagnarelle : The third and fourt C 


Atts contain the Hiſtory of Sir Francis Drake, and the Cruelty 0 
the Spaniands in Peru : The fifth A relates the Actions of Caſar 
Anthony and Cleopatra ;, moſt of theſe Aﬀed in Oliver's time, ſepa-F 
rately by ſtealth, and ſome of them Printed firſt in 4to. 

The Siege, a Tragi-Comedy, fol. 1673. 

The Siege of Rhodes, in two Parts, 4to. and fol. Dedicated to the 
Right Honourable the Earl of Clarendon, Lord High Chancellor of 
England, Atted with good Applauſe at the Theatre in Lincolns-Inn- 


? 
kn. 2 


Turcicorum in Vit. Solym. 2. Tho. Artus Continuation de la Hiſtoir! 
des Turc's, and our Engliſh Hiſtory of the Turks, by Knolles. 
News from Plymouth, a Comedy, fol. 1673. Aed formerly at} 
the Globe. F 
The Temple of Love,a Maſque, fc1.1673. This was in King Charles 
the Iſt's time, preſented at Court by his Queen, and divers of the F . 
Nobility, both Lords and Ladies, the Scenes and Habits were very & | 
magnthicent and Glorious. | 
The Triumphs of the Prince d'Amour, a Maſque, preſented by his 
Highneſs, at his Palace in the Mrddle Temple, fol. 1673. Aﬀted | 
by the Members of that Honourable Society, as an Entertainment } 
to the Prince FleFor., The Author Compos'd it in three Days * 
time ; the Muſick of the Songs ſet by Mr. Henry, and Mr. Willi- | 
am I.awes. | 
The IWits,a Comedy ,8v0. 4to. and fo!. firſt Aﬀed at Black Fryers, 
and fince at the Duke's Theatre, with Applauſe. Dr.Charles | 


Knwn AUTHORS. D 35 


Dr. Charles Davenant. 


| FHls Gentleman 1s the eldeſt Son of Sir William, and Dr, of 
Laws; he is yet Living, and has given us one Proof that 
Horoum filii noxe, 1s not always true in his Play call'd, 
Circe, an Oper1, 4to. 1677. Adted at the Duke's Theatre with 
Applauſe. Plot founded on Poetical Hiſtory ; ſee Ovid's Meta- 
morph. Natal. Comes, Boccace , &c. 


. Robert Davenport. 


3 E livdin the timeof King Charles I. writ two Plays, which 
; were not Printed till the ſucceeding Reign ; he is Author of twa 
7 Dramatick pieces, Ated with great Applauſe. 

The City Night-Cap, a Tragi-Comedy, 4t0. 1661. Plot from Dog 
# Quixot's Novel of the Curigzs Impertinent, and Boccaces Novels, 

Day 7. Nov.7. ; It 

| Fohn and Matilda, a Tragedy, 4to. 1655. This Play 1s Dedi- 

& cated to the Right Honourable Monzague Bertie, Earl of Lindſey. 

& For the Plot ſee Hollingſhead, Martin, Stow, Speed and Baker's 

$ Chronicles in the Reign of King Fohn. | | 


Robert Dauborn. 


T HIS Author was both Poet and Divine ; he liv'd in the time 

of R. FamesT. was Maſterof Arts, but of which Univerſity is 
uncertain.. He writ theſe two Plays following, 

The Chriſtian turn'd Turk a Tragedy,4to. 1612. The Story from 

a Printed Book, entituled, The Overthrow of Captain Ward and Dan- 

. ſcker, two Pirates, written by one Barker, and Publiſhed 1609. gto. 

The Poor Man's Comfort,a Tragi-Comedy,4to. Printed 1665. but 

Adced many Years before. , 


John Day. 


E liv'd in the time of King James I. was once Student of 
Gonuile and Cai Coll. in Cambridge, and has Writ Six 
Plays, (viz.) 

The Blind Beggar of Bednal-Green,with the merry Humour of Tom. 
Stroud the Norfolk Yeoman, a Comedy, 4to. 1659. For the true 
Story ſee our Engliſh Chronicles in the Reign of King Henry VI. 

Humour out of Breath, a Comedy, 4to. 1608. 

Iſle of Gulls, a Comedy, 4to. 1633. This Play was often Ated itt 
the Black Fryers, by the then Children of the Reveks ; Plot from 
Sir Philip Sidney's Arcadia. 

D 2 Law 


26 Knows AUTHORS. D 


Law Tricks, or who would have thought it, a Comedy, 4to. 1608. | 
This Play was alſo divers times Aed by the Children of the Re- | 


vcls. 


ſant. as profitable : This in former Catalogues 15 accounted a 
Maſque. Printed 4to. 1607, Dedicated to a worthy Gentle- 
man (wviz.) Mr. George Butler, who has Writ and Publiſhed a Trea- 
tiſe of Bees. 


Travels of the Three Engliſh Brothers, Sir Thomas, Sir Anthony,, 


and Mr. Robert Shirley, an Hiſtorical Play, 4to. 1607. Rowley and 
Wilkins joined with this Author in Compoting this woe for the 


Stage. See Dr. Fuller's Worthies, in his Deſcription of Suſſex,p.107. | 


ſee allo our Engliſh Chronicles. 


Thomas Dechar. 


His Author was a Contemporary of Ben. Fohnſon's, in the Reign of 
.& K. Zames I.” and his Antagoniſt for the Bays; he Writ Eight 
Plays entire, and four others affiſted with Webſter, Rowley, and: 
Prrd, 1n all Twelve, which take as follow. 

Fortunatus,'a Comedy, 4to. 1600. tiled, Old Fortunatms. This 
Play is not divided into Ads; the ſtory is taken from the ſtitch'd 
Book of Fortunatus. 

Honeſt Whore,the Firſt Part, with the Humours of the Patient Man, 
and the Longing Wife ; a Comedy, 4to. 1635. Aﬀted by her Maje- 
ſties Servants with great Applauſe. 

Honeſt Whore, the Second Part, with the Humors of the Patient 
Man, and the Impatient Wife, alſo the Comical paſſage of an 1ta- 
lian Bridewel,a Comedy, 4to. 1630. This Play 1s not divided into 
AQts, nor ever, (I ſuppoſe) Aﬀted. See Harrington's Epig. at the 
cnd of his Orlando Furtoſo. 

If this bent a good Play, the DeviF's in't ; a Comedy, 4to. 16 
a Play then Aded with great Applauſe by the Queen's Majeſties 
Servants. See MachiaveFs Novel of Belphegor. 

Match me in Landon, a Comedy, 4to. 1631. This was then ac- 
counted a good Play and often Atted both at the Bull in St. Fobn's 
ftireet, and in Drury-Lane. 

Northward Hoe, a Comedy, 4to. 1607. ſundry times Aﬀed by 


the Children of Paul's. John Webſter joined with our Author in 


this Play. See Ducento Novelle del Signior Celio Maleſpini, part 1. 
Nov, 2. 

_ Satyromaſtyx, or, The Untruſſing the Humorous Poet, a Comedy, 
go. 1502. preſented Publickly by the Right Honourable the Lord 
Chamber! ain's Servants, and privately by the Children of St. PduP's. 


Parliament of Bees, with their proper Charaters, or (ſays the 
Title) A Bee-hive, furniſh'd with Twelve Honey-Combs, as plea- | 


[2 \ 


Known AUTHORS. D 37 
on age Poetafter (wherein he is ſevere on this our Author) 


occaſioned the Writing of this Play. | 
Weſtward Hoe, a Comedy, 4to. 1607. This Play wasdivers times 


/ ARted by the Children of Paul's. Mr. Webſter alſo was concerned in 


producing this Play. 
The Whore of Babylon, a Hiſtory, 4to. 1607. AQed by the Prince's 


»& Servants. This Play was defign'd to expaſe the. Roman Catholicks, 


eſpecially .the Jeſuits at that time, and ſets forth the excel- 
lent Virtues of Queen Elizabeth, and the many Dangers ſhe eſcaped. 

Wyat's Hiſtory, 4t0.16 In this Mr. Webſter joined with him, and 
is a Play Mr. Langbain never ſaw. See the Engliſh. Chron. in the 
Reign of Queen Mary. 

The Witch of Edmonton a Tragedy,4to.1558 In this Play Mr. Rowley 
and Mr. Ford joined with him. | 

The Wonder of a Kingdom, a Comedy , 4to. 1636. 

He likewiſe writ with Mr. Philip Maſſenger , the Virgin Martyr, 
and with Mr. Middleton, the Roaring Girl. 


Sir John Denham, Knight of the Bath. 


E was born in Feland, tho' his Father was Sir Fohn Denham of 
H Horſley in Eſſex, but was at the Birth of this his only Son a 
Judge in that Kingdom, and Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer ; 
on his being promoted to the Exchequer in England, he brought 
over our Author yery young. In the year 1631. he was ſent to 
Trinity-Colledge in Oxon : After ſome few years he left Oxon for 
London, where he applicd himſelf to the Study of the Civil Law. 
By the Aſſiſtance of Hugh Peters, he got admiſſion to Charles I. 
then in the Armies Hands.at Cauſham, being then employed on 
a Meſſage to him by the Queen, to whdm he had offered his Ser- 
vice, which Negotiation he perform'd, ſo that he was further em- 
ploy'd by the King : but being diſcover'd by Mr. Cowley's Hand 
being known, he eſcaped beyond Sea, Where he afterwards gave 
his Attendance on King Charles If. whooftentimes gave him Sub- 
jets to write on. He made him Surveyor General of his Royal 
Buildings, and at his Coronation Knight of the Bath. He dy'd 
at his Houſe near Whitehall, March _ 1668. and was Buricd a- 
mong the Poets in Weſtminſter- Abbey. He hath writ divers Poems 
and Tranſlations in 8v0. among them Cooper's Hill, a Piece much 
commended ; at the end of theſe Poems is one Play of this Au- 
thor's, wherein he ſhews his Ability in Dramatick Poeſy. It is 
Entituled, | 

The Sophy, a Tragedy, 8w0. 1671. Aﬀed at the Black Friers 
with good Applauſe; 'it was firſt Printed in 4to. 1642. Plot from 
Herbert's Travels, Life of Abbas. The ſame Story is differently 
handled by Mr. Baron in his Tragedy of Mirza. 

D 


3 Fol 


— 


- nn A tr———— I ao — = ” ee ee eo Ge EEE EEE EE 4-0 end _. 
z ” 
v 
- 


of : ly 
Siperty Anert: 
we 


38 


Known AUTHORS. D 


John Dennis. 


= Gentleman now Living, has made himſelf a Name by ſe- 
veral Books, both in Proſe and Verſe, which he has Publiſh- 
ed, but for none more than his Critical Obſeryations on the 
much Celebrated Prince Arthur, writ by Sir Richard Blackmore, in 
which he has ſhewed himſelf a 
great deal of Penetration and Judgment ; his Remarks being be- 
yond Controverſy juſt, and the Faults he finds undeniably ſuch. I 
am not able to give any Account of his Parents. He was Born in 


rfe& Critick, and Maſter of a 


Ltatio! 
Sof hi 
* 7! 
© Linct 

ted 


London, his Education was at Gonvile and Caius College in Cam- | 
bridge, which he improv'd afterwards by Travel and the beſt Con- | 
verſation ; but the occaſion of his being mentioned here, 1s a Dra- & 


matick piece he has lately Publiſh'd, called, 
A Pht and no Plot, a Comedy, 4to. Aﬀed at the Theatre Roy- 
al, 1697. and Dedicated to the Right Honourable Robert, Earl of 


Sunderland, Lord Chamberlain of his Majeſty's Houſhold. The | 


Plot of this Play is our Author's own, tho' I confeſs, an Incident 
or twoare not ſo new as the reſt of the Play may juſtly be ſaid to 
be ; for old Bulls being perſwaded, that he is in Newgate, when 
he's in his own Houſe, is not unlike an incident in the City- 
Politicks, and young Bulls being married by Baldernoe has been in 
the 01d Batchelor, The City Match, &yc. This Play is exa@tly regu- 


lar, and diſcovers it ſelf writ by a Maſter of the Art of the Stage, | 


as well as by a Man of Wit; the juſtneſs, fineneſs, and delicacy 
of the RefleQions, the pleaſantneſs of the Humours, the Novelty 
and Diftin&ion of the Charaers, the admirable Condu& and De- 
fign of the whole, with the uſeful Moral of the Play, places it in 
the Rank of the beſt Comedies of this latter Age of Poetry ; and 
tho' he himſelf term it low Comedy, gives us a Deſire, as well as 
Hopes, of ſome more On ens: 


/ Pe Cav / 7 04 
ed, Thomas DTſhe. ' 


A Gentleman now living, who (a I am informed) was 
ſome time a Student of Orie! Coll. in Oxon, has fince quit- 
ted the Camp for the Theatre, and Mars for Apollo; he has given 
the World two Plays with different Succeſs, the laſt of which comes 
firſt in order. 

The City Lady, or Folly Reclaimed, a Comedy ARed by his Ma- 
zeſty's Servants, at the Theatre in Little Lincolns-Inn-Fields, 4to. 


, 1697. Dedicated to Fiſher Wentworth, Eſq; This Play, as the Author 


tells us in the Epiſtle, miſcarried in the firſt Night's Repreſenta- 
tati0n 


DP £ TT © 


Known AUTHORS. D 39 


tation, and owns he has not hit the Humours of the Town in ſome 


of his principal parts 
The Lover's Luck, . a Comedy, Atted at the Theatre in Little 


; Lincolns-Inn-Fields , by his Majeſties Servants, 4to. 1696. Dedica- 


ted to the Right Honourable the Lord Raby. | 
This Play, as the Author takes care to inform us, met with a 
eneral Applauſe. As to the CharaRters, they are moſt but Copies, 
Si Nicholas Purflew, of the prong, pet of Marmion ; Gooſandelo, of 
Sir Courtly, and Sir Fopling, (9c. I won't ſay, that the Poet had the 
Sharpers in the Squire of A/ſatia in his Eye, when he drew Ea- 
ger, (xc. but there is ſome reſemblance. 


1ho. Dogget. 


N excellent Comedian, now living, who dealing daily in the 
Produtts of Parnaſſss , found himſelf infpired with the 


& Vein of Poetry , that has ſpread fo far among his Brothers 


of the Stage, and has given us a very diverting Play 


{ called, 


The Country Wake,a Comedy, Aded at the New Theatre in Little 
Lincolns-Inn- Fields, by bis Majeſty's Servants, 1696: 4#s. Dedica- 


| ted to the Illuſtrious and truly Noble James, Duke, Marqueſs and 


Earl of Ormond, in England and Ireland, fc. This Play was well 
received, but whether 1t was owing to the admirable Account of 
the Author, or his Writing, or to both, 1 leave to the Reader ; 
that-it has Merit, is not to be doubted, nor do I know of any re- 
markable Thefts from other Plays, unleſs the imitation of Shake- 
ſpear's Clorens, in the Chara&er of Hob, which Ilook on asa praiſe 
to Mor. Deget, and no Fault. 


John Dover. 


Gentleman of Grays-Inn, in the time of Charles IT. whe- 
ther he be yet living, I know not ; he Writ one Play , 


viz. 
e Roman Generals, or, The Diſtreſſed Ladies, 4to. 1697. De- 
dicated to the Right Honourable the Lord Brook, For the 
Plot ſee Plutarch's Lives of Ceſar and Pompey. Sce alſo Lucan, Sue- 
Fonts, QC. 


Known AUTHORS. D 


Dr. James Drake. 


Member of the Colledge of Phyſitians, and formerly of Gon- 
A vile and Caius College in Cambridge, He has lately Publiſh'd 
a Play, call'd, | 

The Sham Lawyer, or, The Luck y Extravagant, aComedy, 4to. 


ceſs, ſo it is for the moſt part borrowed from two of Fletcher's, 
li (viz.) The' Spaniſh Curate, and Wit without Money ; but whether 

our Author has improv'd the Materials, or not, I leave to the 
Criticks. 


John Dryden, Eſq; 


| DB p4 to the late King Zames, is of a good Family, (if I miſtake 
ſome thoughts once (as I have been told) of entring a 
more profitable ſtate of Life than Poetry , where Learning met 


Genius led him to Poetry, I am not able to inform you ; but he 
was above thirty before he gave us his firſt Play, which met with 


on to Writing , he had been Diſcouraged , for that Play indeed 
made no Promiſes of that great Man he was afterwards to be. 
He is a Poet that has met with Applauſe often above his Merit ; 
tho' in many of his - Writings, it muſt be confeſs'd, he deſerv'd 
the higheſt : But I muſt own, I think, his Dramatick Pieces, if we 
muſt take our Standard of their Excellence from the Ancients, the 
moſt incorre& of his Produftions. There is generally indeed the 
ſublime, but very rarely the Pathetick; for in all his Plays he has 
not touch'd Compaſſion above thrice, and that but weakly ; Ter- 
ror he has often hit on ; but 'tis not for me to Cenſure a Man of 
no Vulgar Genius ; but what is neceflary for the making this of a 
piece in its Impartiality. I ſhall give ſome Inſtances of his play- 
1ng the Plagiary, omitting all thoſe ſcurrilous and Digrefſory Re- 
fle&tions with which Mr. Langbain has beſpatter'd him , and through 
which indeed runs all along a great evidence of private and unpe- 
_ Malice , brought in, tho' nothing to the Buſineſs before 
m. : X 
On the other hand, it muſt be confeſs'd, that he has , {(wheighe 
detefts his Thefts) urged a great deal of Truth ; for Mr#Bv 


ARﬀed at the Theatre Royal, 1697. This Play, as it wanted Suc- 


Ye. 1064 His Gentleman, who was Poet Laureat, and Hiſtoriographer Þ 


| | TUch man not) A Northamptonſhire, was Bred at the Univerſity of Cambridge, | 


ſolittle Succeſs, that if he had not had a' peculiar force of Inclinati- | 


has borrow'd from the French, at the ſame time that he feews', | 


with more Encouragement, I mean the Church : How early his Þ 


Knows AUTHORS. D 41 


2 contemn them ; unleſs it may be pretended,that he has us'd them 
s Virgil did Ennius of old, toextra@ Gold out of their Dung. For 
never found him in any Theft indeed, but what he gave a new 
Luſtre too,when taken,cv'n from the beſt of the Ancients; and I 
efore believe the ſame of what he has taken from the French. I 
11 not therefore purſue Mr.Langbain's ſteps in his Excurſions. ; on» 
y at the Foot of each Play, lay down the places from whence he 

s borrowed. But the Reader muſt not expe I ſhall give him 
all that he owes for 1n each Play, for that wou'd exceed the Limits 
pf this Compendium ; it muſt ſuffice that I give ſome Inſtances of 
* Feach, to put him in mind of his own Deeds, and ſo mollify his 
 FRefleions on thoſe young Men that are now coming up, and 

EF who may think it not below them to follow that Path which 

they have ſeen Condud him to ſo much Glory ; of which in their 

# Order. 

f Albion and Albans, an Opera, fol. 1585. preſented at the 

ueen's Theatre in Dorſet-Garden. 

| AlL for Love, or The World well Loſt, a Tragedy, qto. 1678. 

# For the Plot and ſome of the Deſcriptions, eſpecially Cleopatra's 

# ſailing down the Cydnus, fee Plutarch's Life > Ante, Shetonius 

in Aug. Dion Caſſius, lib. 48.51. Oroſus, lib. 6. c. 7. Cluny, ib. 4. 
Cc. 11. Appran de bellis Ciuilibus, l. 5. 
 Amboyna,a Tragi-Comedy,qto. 1673. atted at the Theatre Royal, 
ſee Purchas's Pilgrimage, Vol. II. l. 16. c. 16. Sanderſon's Hiftory of 
| King James, p. 577. Stubb's Relation of the Dutch Cruelties to "the 

| Engliſh at Amboyna ; Wanley's Hiſtory of Man, lib. 4. C. 1Q. &x+ I. 
The Rape of Tſabinda by Horman, is built on a Novel of Cynthais 
Gyraldi, Idea 5. Nov. 10. 

Amphitryon, or, The Two Socia's, a Comedy, 4to. from. Moliere 
and Plautws of the ſame Name. | 

Aſſienation ; or, Love in a Nunnery, a Comedy, 4to. 1678. Aﬀed 
at the Theatre Royal. Moſt of the Incidents borrowed, as well as 
Chara&ters. The Charagers of the Duke of Mantua, Frederick 
and Lucretia, from Conſtance the fair Nun in The Annals of Love, 
p. 81. thoſe of Aure/ian, Camillo, Laura, and Violetta, from 
Scerron's Comical Romance ; San's Deſtiny, and Madam Star. 
Cap. 13+ P. 43+ Benito's AﬀeRtation of Mufick, from Quinault's Ja - 
dolet, in his Comedie ſous Comedie, Frontongs throwing Water on 
Laura, from Les contes de M.de la Fontaine, Par.1. Nov. 11:.p. 74- 
See hkewiſe Les Cent, Novelles, La Damoiſelle aceur owver ft, &c. 

Aureng-zebe, a Tragedy,4to. 1676. Ated at theTheatre Royal ; 
for the Plot conſult Tavernier's Travels, vol. 1. part 2. C. 2. IT 
will not determine with Mr. Langhain , that the Characters of 
Anreng-zebe and Nourmahal , are borrowed from Seneca's Phedra 
and Hippolytws ; fince I ſee nothing alike through their whole $to- 
ry, but the Love of a Son-in Law, and his Averfion but Fees 

; ocs 


42 Kwn AUTHORS. D 


does by no means conſtitute the Charater, (which isa thing 


Mr. Langbain ſeems never to underſtand) Hippolytus has an Aver- 
fion to Love, Aureng-zebe is in Love , and much more Polite; 
Hippolytus was a Hunter indeed, and Aureng-zebe a Warrior : Nour- 
mabal is a degree beyond the Lewdneſs of ev'n Seneca's Phedra, 
who Degenerated extremely from her Original in Euripides, and 
indeed none of her Qualities, but rang. org diſappointed 
Love : It muſt be own'd, that theſe Lines which Mr. Langbain 
anſtances are borrowed from-Seneca in that place; 


Aur. Heavens ! Can you this without juſt Vengeance bear ? 
When will you Thunder, if you now are clear ? 
Yet her alone let not your Thunder ſeize, 
I too deſerve to dye, becauſe I pleaſe. 


Hip. Magre Regnator deum 
Tam lentus audis ſcelera tam lentus vides 
Ecquando ſeva fulmen emittes Manu 
$7 nunc ſerenum eſt 
Me velox cremet. 
\Tranſattus ignis ſum Nocens ;, merui mort 
Placui Novercs. 


Here, what is uncommon with Mr. Dryden, he ſeems to have 
loſt the Beauty of Seneca's Expreffion of Me velox cremet Tranſa- 
His 1gnts, which gives you ſome Image of the ſtroak of a Thun- 
der-Bolt, whereas Mr . Dryden | 


Tet her alone let not your Thunder ſeize, 


Jooks more like the taking a Thief or Debtor by a Conſtable or Bay-' 


Hff ; for ſeizing is too calm,and impotenta word to expreſs the force 
of a Bolt ſent from the Arm Triſulci Fovis. . But this 1s the effect 
of Writing in Rhime ; for I'm confident he had never us'd that 
word in Blank Verſe. : 


Hipp. Theſe! wultus amo 
Ilhs priores, ques tulit quondam puer 
Cum prima turas fignare barba Genas. 


-T am not chang'd, I love my Husband till, 


But love him as he was when youthful Grace, 
And the firſt Bloom began to ſhade his Face- 


Again from Milton's Sampſon Agoniſtes. 


Dal 


Myq<O>=n2SPHaRdgk?t 


wo. Ct + 4. > 4 »% CO r= bay ty 


Known AUTHORS. D «43. 


Dal. I ſee thou art implacable, more Deaf 


To Prayers, than Winds and Seas ; yet Winds to Scas 
Are reconciÞ'd at length, and Sea to Shoar 

Thy anger unappeaſcable ſtill rages ; 

Eternal Tempeſt never to be calm'd. 


Eng. Unmov'd he ſtood, and deaf to all my Prayers, 
As Seas and Winds to ſinking Mariners : 
But Seas grow calm , and Winds are reconci['d ; 
Her Tyrant Beauty never grows more mild. 


Cleomenes,The Spartan Heroe,Trag.4to.Atﬀted at the Theatre Royal, 
1692. and Dedicated to the Right Honourable the Earl of Rocheſter, 
Knight of the moſt Noble Order of the Garter : To whichis prefix'd 
the Life of Cleomienes, Tranſlated from the Greek of Plutarch, b 
Mr. Creech. This Play was by ſome Enemies of the Poets, fo oil 
repreſented at Court, that it was ſtop'd ; but by the f\ 205 vos 
Friendſhip of the late Lord Falkland, clear'd from the 10ns 
caſt on it, and Aﬀed with great Applauſe. As for the Plot or 
Story ,- the Author in his Preface owns it taken from Plutarch , 
and that he has cloſely followed the Truth as he found 1t there; 
only that he has chang'd, for the ſake of their ſound, fome Names, 
as that of Agathoclea, the King's Miſtreſs, into Caſſandra , and 
that. of Nicagoras into Cenus, To the Story he has added the 
Love of Caſſandra for Cleomenes, and has given hima ſecond Wife, 
which the Story only gave him a ſmall hint for. And indeed our Au- 
thor has trod upon Plutarch ſo cloſe, that the very words of that 
Author,are Tranſplanted with littke variation, into the Play. You 
my read more of Cleomenes in Polybixs, and Cornelius Nepos in his 
Life. 

Conqueſt of Granada by the Spaniards, Two Parts, a Tragi-Co- 
medy, 4to. 1678. Aded at the Theatre Royal. A/manzor 15 ve» 
ry like Ponce de Leon, in Almahide, as Mr. Langbain obſerves ; but 
in my Opinion, tho' there may be many Features like Ponce in the 
Draught, yet Almanzor ſeems rather to be a Copy of the Achil- 
les of Homer, ill underſtood, for he does more alone, and with- 
out an Army to back him, than Achilles with his Myrmidons ; 
Achilles was injur'd,, and defiſted from fighting, but Almanzor goes 
over to their Enemies; nor is he fix'd there , but receiving ano- 
ther Injury from Abdaila, returns to Brabdelin, takes 1t ill that he 
is miſtruſted, and tells them he will again change his fide, if pro- 
voked : But of him enough, ſince no Man of good ſence can 
think that Play's Succeſs owing to the Excellency of the Poet's 
Performance, but the Extravagance,; for I have always obſerv'd it - 
to have the Effet of Comedy on the Audience : But Mr. Lang- 
bain will indeed have him a Knight of the Shire almoſt, and ah, 

| 


4s Known AUTHORS. D 


ſent the Extravagant Heroes of two or three Romances more ; 
the Oſmin of Guſman, and Artaban of Cleopatra, Boabdel: 
Almahide, Ferdinand, Iſabella, Arcos, Hamet, Gomel, from the Re 
mance of Almahide, Oxmin and Benzaida, from Ozmin and Alibe 


in Tbraim, &c. ſeealſoGrand Cyrus, S.is. Book 1. for Abdelmelec = x 


ffet 


Lydaraxa, &c. ſo much for the Chara&ters, now for the thoughts} a 


the Deſcription of the Bull-Feaſt, if allowing for the Rhime, 
moſt entirely taken from Guſman's Tuego de Toores, and Cannas ; Cot 
ſult the Story of Oxmin and Daraxa, Pt. 1. page 82,85, the L 
ſcription of the Faftions from Al/mabide, page 1. The four enſi 
Fry lap ſpoke by Beabdeline, from Prince Maſſa's Advice to Alm 
biae, p. 6. the King's Speech going betwixt the FaCtions, p. 5. ti 
ken from Almabide, pt. 3- p- 63- Tariffa and Ozmin's Quarre 
and the Riſe of the Famlies, ' 1a Abindacray's Speech, Al. p.2. Ab 
manzor's killing Gomel, his quelling the Tumult, from Alm.p.64,6 
His Victory, A& 2d. and taking Acaos Priſoner, - bid. The Scene 
betwixt Lindaraxaand Abdalla, from Al. p. 62. and from the Stc 
ry of Elibeſis in Cyrus, pt. 9.B.I. p. 20. Zulemus Plea for Abdal 
Is's Right to the Crown, which one wou'd ſcarce think is fo child- 
uh a fancy, from Al. p.62. and Cyrus as above ; Almanzor's Deſcrip- 
tion of Boabd. p. 18. from Al. p. 55. &c. nay, the Alarm after 
the Zambra-Dance, in which there is an abſurdity of bringing in 
the Images of a Heathen Deity. The firſt meeting of 4lman. and 
Almahide, p. 69. of Abdalem and Almanzor, p. 71. and the Con- 
troverſy betwixt A/manzor and Zulema, ibidem, and his returning 
to Boabdelin, from the ſame Romance, p. 72. Abdelmeleck's Viſit to 
Lynidaraxa, in Diſguiſe, from Elibeſis in Grand Cyrus, p. 25. and 
Abaalla's Viſit, from the ſame, p. 67. Almanzor's deliv ring Alma- 
hide, copied from Almahide, p. 73. Abdalla's Converſe with Lynda- 
Fax4, under the Walls of Albayzin, from the fore cited Story of 
Cyrus, p. St. his flying to the Chriſtians from p. 72. of the ſame ; 
Oſmin and Benzaida's Flight, from p. 8. of Ibrahim. 

This 1s enough for the two Parts, to give a taſte of how many 
ah 2 rn are borrowed from other Pieces ; now I ſhall proceed to 
another. 

Don Sebaſtion King of Portugal, a Tragedy, 4to. 1650. Adted at 
the Theatre Royal; Founded on a French Novel of the ſame Name. 
See alſo Vaſconcellos's Anacephaleoſis, ſine ſumma capitum Aﬀorum Re- 
gim Luſitaniz. Anace. 20. and other Writers of that time, it 
being 1578. when. Sebaſtian was kill'd. 

The Duke of Guiſe, a Tragedy, 4to.1683. Atﬀed by their Majeſty's 
Servants. Mr. Lee join'd in this. For the Plot conſult Davila, 
Mezeray , and other Writers of the Reign of Charles IX. or rather 
the Reigns of Henry ITI. gc. the ridiculous Story of Malicorn you 
may find in Rofſe;'s Hiſtoires Tragiques en la vie de Canope 8v0, 
P-449+ | Th 
Ev nings 


Ev 
ed 
ille: 
zeuſe: 


m 


4 


Kwwn AUTHORS. D «a5 


Ev ning's Love, or The Mock Aſtrologer, a Comedy, q4to. 1671. 
Red at the Theatre Royal. Almoſt wholly made up out of Cor- 
Sheilles le feint Aſlrologue ; Molliers depetit Amoreux ; and Les Pre- 
 Acieuſes Ridicules;, Quinault's L' Amant Indiſcret ; ſome hints too 
from Shakeſpear, Petronius Arbiter, and the main Plot on Calde- 
ron's EI Aſirologo fingido : But to be a little particular, Aurelia's 
Aﬀetation in her Speech from Les Precieuſes Ridicules ; Scene be- 
tween Alonzo and Lopez , p.39. is from Mollieres de petit Amoreux, 

AR 2. Scene 6. Camilla's begging a Boon of Don Melchor, from 
© the ſame ; the Love-Quarrel betwixt Facinta and Wild Blood, and 

Maſcal and Beatrix, from the ſame Play, A& 4. Scene 3, 4. Au- 
relia's falling into Alonzo's Arms, from L'Amant indiſcret A 5. 
Scene 4+ 

Kind Keeper, or, Mr. Limberham , a Comedy 4fo. 1680, Aﬀed 
at the Puke's Theatre. Mrs. Faintlies diſcovery of Love All in the 
"| Cheſt ; See pt. 1. Cynthio Giraldi, dec. 3. 'N. 3- Mrs. Brainfick's 

pricking and pickling him. See aNovel,call'd, The Triumph of Love 
over Fortune. 

King Arthur, or The Britiſh Worthy, a Tragedy, Aded at the 
Theatre in Dorſet-Garden, 1691. and Dedicated to the Marqueſs of 
Halifax. This Play is writ more for the ſake of the Singing part 
and Machines, than for any Excellence of a Dramatick Piece 
for in it ſhines none of Mr. Dryden's great Genius, the Incidents 
being all extravagant, many of them Childiſh ; the Inchanted 
Wood, as well as the reſt of the Wonders of Oſmond's Art, he en- 
tirely owes to Taſſo; where Rinaldo performs what Arthur does 
here. T ſhall not preſume to expoſe any of the Faults of this great 
Man in this particular piece, he having fuffered ſo much under the 
Hands of my Predeceflor in this Undertaking. The fabulous Sto- 
ry of this King Arthur, you may read in Geffery of Monmouth, and 
in the Preface of a late famous Poem, that bears his Name, as well 
as in the firſt Volume of Mr. Tyrre![s Hiſtory of England. 

Indian Emperor ; or, The Conqueſt of Mexico by the Spaniards, be- 
__ ſequel of the Indian Queen, a Tragi-Comedy, 4ts. 1670. 
Atted at the Theatre Royal. For the true Story conſult. Lopex de 
Gamara. Hiſt. general de las Incas &y de Conquiſta de Mexicd, de Bry. 
Americe pars 9. l. 7. Ogilby's America, Chap. 3. Set. 10. Mariana de 
Reb. Hiſp. lib. 26. cap. 3. Sir Paul Ricaut's Hiſt of Incd's. 

Love Triumphant, or Nature will Prevail, a Tragi-Comedy, AQ- 
e&d at the Theatre Royal by their Majeſties Servants, 4fo. 1694. De- 
dicated to the Right Honourable Fames Earl of Salisbury, &c. In 
the Epiſtle Mr. Dryden informs us, That it is the laſt he intends for 
the Theatre. I take this Play to be Founded on the Story of the 
King and no King of Fletcher, at leaſt on the Corretions of the Fa- 
ble of that Play made by Mr. Rymer, in his Refteftions on the Tra- 
| gedies of the firſt Age, Tho'this Play had not that Succe( wy 


. 
| 


- =—— __— — mm ——_ IDun—_— I 
= 


46 Known AUTHORS. D 
moſt of Mr. Dryder's met with, yet it muſt be confeſs'd, That in 


* ſeveral parts the Genius of that Great Man breaks out, eſpecially 


in the Scene of the Diſcovery of & 6h ViRorious Love, and 
the very laſt Scene, where the Cataſtrophe is extremely moving, 
tho' contrary to Ariſtotle it be made from the change of Will 1n 
Veramond. | 

Marriage A-la-mode, a Comedy, ato. 1673. Add at the Thea- 
tre Royal. The ſerious part built on the Story of Seſoſtris and 
Timareta, 1n B. 3. pt. 9. of Cyrus. The Characters of Palamede 
and Rodophil from the Story of Tyrianthes and Parthenia, in the 
fame Romance, pr. 6. B. 1. ſome Features at leaſt. of Doralice 
drawn from Nogaret,in the Annals of Love. Melanthus making Love 
to her ſelf, from Les Contes D'Owville, pt. 1. p. 13. 

The Miſtaken Huband,a Comedy, 4to. 1675. Atted at theTheatre 
Royal. This 1s 15 not Mr. Dryden's, who only added a Scene; for 
the Plot conſult Plautus's Menechmi. 

Oedipus King of Thebes a Tragedy,4to.1679. Aﬀted at the Duke's 
Theatre. This Play was writ bo Mr. Lee and Mr. Dryden ; there- 
fore to whom to attribut@ the Faults is difficult ; and we have fo 
little to accuſe them of being Plag1aries here, that the moſt under- 
ſtanding Judges wiſh they had followed Sophocles yet cloſer, it had 
then been the beſt of our Modern Plays, as 'tis of the Ancients ; 
but as it is, they have deſtroyed the CharaRer of Oedipus, and 
made it abſolutely Contraditory. For Oedipus that fled from a 
Crown, for fear of threatned Inceſt, and had pull'd out his Eyes 
on the Diſcovery of it, can reliſh an Embrace of Jocafta too well, 
in the 5th AR, till the Ghoſt of Laius frights him ; but this place 
_ not all thoſe juſt Criticiſms that might be made on this 

Y. 

The Rival Ladics,a Tragi-Comedy,4to.1679. Atted at the Theatre 
Royal. The Diſpute betwixt Amideo and Hypolito, and Gonſalva's 
fighting with the Pyrates, borrowed from Encolpivs , Giton, Eu- 
enolps and Tryphena's, on Boarding the Veſſe! of Lyca's, in Petroni- 
-—£ Arbiter , and the Cataſtrophe reſembles Scarron's Rival Bro- 
#Der's. 

Secret Love, or, The Maiden Queen, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1679. 
ARﬀed at the Theatre Royal. The ſerious part founded on Cleobu- 
line Queen of Corinth, pt. 7.B. 7. \Celgdon, Florimel, Olinda, and 
Sabina, from the Hiſtory of Piſiſtratus and Cerintha , 1n the ſaid 
ors , Þþt. 9. B. 3. and the French Marqueſs Ibra. Part 2. 

k L 
Fign'd Innocence,or Sir Martin Mar-all, a Comedy,4 t0.1678, Ated 
at the Duke's Theatre, The greateſt part , both Plot and Lan- 
zuape of Sir Martin and Warner, ſtol'n from Quinault's L' Amant in- 
cret, and Mollieres L'Etourdy ou le Contre temps. Sir Martin's foo- 
iſh Diſcoyery of his not Playing on the Lute, from rw Ln 
ir 


wa bad . 


nd 5 4 -=0a2oan. od DS. 


I 
Hm mu. 


my ww HT 57 


Known AUTHORS. D 47 


Sir 7ohn Moody's being ſet up in their Altitudes, from Shakerly's 
Marmion's Fine Companions, AF 4. Sc. 1. (Fc. 

The Spaniſh Fryar, or, The double Diſcovery, a Tragi-Comedy, 4s. 
1681, Aced at the King's Theatre. The Comical part built on the 
Novel, call'd, The Pilgrim. . 

The State of Innocence, or, The Fall of Man, an Opera, 4to. 1678. 
Taken from Milton's Paradice Loſt, tho' guilty of many abſurdi- 
ties, which are nct in Milton, whoſe being a Narration of thin 
done long fince, made room for ſeveral things, which had he pla- 
ced it in Afton, cou'd never have been brought in; to give one 
Inſtance ; Mr. Dryden makes Lucifer (before the World was made, 
or atleaſt before the Devil knewany thing of 1ts Form, Matter or 
Viciffitudes,) compare the proſtrate Devils to Leaves in Autumn, 
before there was an Autumn, gFc. 

The Tempeſt, or, Inchanted Iſland, a Comedy, 4to.1676. Adted at 


- the Duke's Theatre. This 15 an Alteration only of one of Shake. 


ſpear's, by Sir Will:am D' Avenantand Mr. Dryden. | 

Troilus and Creſſida,or,Truth found out too late,a Tragedy 4to. 1679. 
Aﬀecd at the Duke's Theatre. One of Mr. Shakeſpear's, altered by 
Mr. Dryden. The Story 1s to be found in Lellius a Lombard, ina 
tin, and inour old Chaucer in ancient Engl:ſh. | 

Tyrannick Love, or, The Royal Martyr, a Tragedy, 4to., 1679. 
Aded at the Theatre Royal. For the Plot ſee Zoſimuss, lib. 4. So- 
crates, lib. 5. Cc. 14. Herodtan, |. 6, 7; and 8. Jul. Capit. in cit. 
Mac. jun. | 

S  WHd Gallant, a Comedy, 4to. 1669. Adted at the Theatre 
Royal. This was his firſt Play,publiſhed 166g. being about Twenty 
cight Years ſince, and by which he was near Thirty eight years old 
when this was Play'd. 


John Dryden, Ju nior. 


His Gentleman is ſecond Son to the aboyeſaid great Poet of 
that Name, and is now living in Rome, in the Pope's Sex- 
vice, as a Gentleman of the Bed-Chamber , where he wrote a 
Play, call'd, | 
The Huaband hie own Cuckold, a Comedy 4to. 2696. Adted at 
the Theatre in-Linco/os-Inn- Fields, by his Majeſty's Servants, and 
Dedicated to the Right Honourable Sir Robert Howard, &c, and is 
uſher'd into the World by a Preface of his Father, who imn-it 1- 
deed ſhews the Mee onde | of a Parent, but I think not the 
tiality and Juſtice of a true Critick, when he excludes all from Po- 
etry and Nature but. his Friends, at leaſt fince the Revolution. The 
young Gentleman'ig his Epiſtle, has gone a little too far for a Ee- - 
g100T, 


FP. Known AUTHORS. D 
ginner, as. yet too uncertain of his own Succeſs, to fall upon the 
other Writers of the Age. 


Thomas Duffet. 


E was before he became a Poet, a Milliner in the New Ex- 
change, he has writ four Plays, two of them in a Burleſque 
Stile, their Names follow. 

The Mock Tempeſt, or, The Enchanted Caſlle, a Farce, 4to. 1675. 

Aged at the Theatre Royal by his Majeſty's Servants. Writ on 

ſe to draw Campany from the cther Theatre, where was great 
reſort about that time, to ſee that reviv'd Comedy, call'd, The Tem- 
peſt, then much in vogue. | 

Pſyche Debauch'd, a Comedy, 4to. 1678. Adted at the Theatre 
Royal by his Majeſty's Servants. This Mock Opera is a Burleſque 
= ShadwelPs Pſyche, and writ for the ſame purpoſe as tha 
above. 

Spaniſh Rogue, a Comedy, 4to. 1674. Aﬀed at the Theatre 
Royal by his Majeſty's Servants, and Dedicated to Madam Elinor 
Guin. this Play had no great Succeſs. 

There is likewiſe a Maſque under his Name omitted by Mr.Lang- 
bain, *tis call'd, 

Beauties Triumph, preſented by the Scholars of Mr. Feoffery 
Banifter, and Mr. James Hart, at the new Boarding School at 
Chelſey, Printed, London 4to. 1676. 

This Author has alſo writ a ſmall Volume of Poems, Songs, 
 Prologues and Epilogues which were firſt diſpoſed of to one Book- 
ſeller, and laying long in the Licenſer's Hands, were again diſpoſed 
of to another, withcut Conſent of the firſt Purchaſer, and Print- 
ed, 849. 1676. | 


Thomas Durfey. 


Th Gentleman (if I am not mifinformed) was Born in Devan- 

re, and deftgn'd for ſome part of the Law ; whatever pro- 
vok'd him to Poetry I cann't tell; but whatever 1t was, he has 
with various Succeſs given us above Twenty Plays, and if the 
proſperous. Succeſs of the Major part will give him the Credit of 
a Poet, he has a juſt pretence to 1t, and may juſtly Challenge it 
from all the Vindicators of Dr.Blackmores's Poem from that Topic. 
For my part, I can only fay, that I have laught heartily at his 
Plays, which 1s one end of Comedy, or Farce at leaft ; and if the 
Criticks will deny him to be a good Writer of Comedy, they muff 
_ him a Maſter of Farce. His Plays follow in AESEES 
- Order. 


t 


4+ «4 a —_ Lend 4 4 _ _ +=®as a% 


_—_— a —— £wvWwu ic£_s Yo a DXxXax oa, 9 os £wnnc 


Known AUTHORS. D 49 

The Banditti ;, or, A Ladies Diſireſs, a Comedy, 4to. 1685.” AQ 
ed at the Theatre Royal. Plot from Don Feniſe, 840. See alſo the 
'Hiſtory of Don Antomo, B. 4. p.250, Diego's turning Baxd-tti, &c. 
from Pipperollo in Shirley's Siſters. 

Buſſy D'Ambois ; os,The Hicsbands Revenge, a Tragedy, 4to. Aﬀted 
at the Theatre Rovel, 1601, newly Revited by Mr. Durfey, and 
Dedicated to the Right Honourable, Edward, Earl of Cartiſle, 
Viſcount Hiw.'+ of Horpeth, &c. In his Epiſtle he owns it to 
be Chapman's, only challenges to himfelf the Merit of having Pur- 
ged it of a great deal of Otjolete Phraſes, and intolerable Fuſtain ; 
tho' ſoinc are of Opiuon, that with thoſe Deſefs, he has !njudici- 
gully par'd away many of its Beauties. The Charaftcr of /7a- 
myra, he will have us believe, he has alter'd for the better ; tho' 
he'll hardly perſwads, that Pity 1s due to a Woman, that quits her 
Honour and Virtue on any Account, You may find the Story 1n 
Thuamss Jen de Serres, and AMezeray , 1n the Reizn of Henry INT. 
of France, and the particular Intrizu2 of Buffy with Tamyra in 
Roſſet, in his Hi!'nires Tragiques de Nztre terips, under the 
Names of Lyſis and Silue, iſt. 17. p. 353: 

Commonwealth of Women, a Trag1-Comedy, 4to. 1685, Aﬀed 
by their Majeſty's Servants at the Theatre Royal, and Dedicated to 
the truly Noble and Illuſtrious Pcince Chri7opher, Duke of 4lbe- 
marle, This Play is borrowed from Fletcher's Sea Voyage. 

Cinthia and Fndimion ; or, Loves of the Deities ; a new Opera, 
as it was deſigned tobe Ated_ at Court before the late Queen, and 
now Aﬀed at the Theatre Royal by his Majeſty's Servants, 1697. 
4to. Dedicated to the Right Honourable Henry, Earl of Runes, 
Viſcount Sidney, &c. Our Author 1s not contented 1n the Title 
Page, to let his Patron know the Honour her late Majeſty defign'd 
this Off ring of his Muſe,but repeats it in the Epiſtle, which had in- 
deed been the more pardonable piece of Vanity ; but that's a ſmall 
fault in a Poet, eſpecially when there are ſo many greater in the 
Work it ſelf. For by a fort of Poetick Licenſe, unknown to our 
great Maſter Horace, he perverts all thoſe known CharaQers given 
us by Ovid; he has made the Chaſte Favourite of Diana, (Daphne) 
both a Whore and a Jilt; and fo ſordid, as to contemn the God 
of Wit and Light, for a pitifu! dull Country Lad : and fair Syrinx 
muſt looſe her Reputation, in the unknown ignomy of an enviags, 
. Nilting, mercenary, infamous Woman. Tho? this Play took, yetit 
merits not a nice Enquiry into its Virtues and Vices ; but ts Ihave 
given a ſpecimen of one, my impartiality obliges me to own, that 
there are many Lines in it above the Genius which generally ap- 
pears 1n his other Works. The Veriiacation tis often good, and 
the Expreſſion often fignincant and Poetical. The Story of 
Cynthia and Endimion, as well as the cthers contained in this Opera, 
you may find beautifully done in their Orizinal, in the ſeveral parts 

_”; 0s 


Fo Knwn AUTHORS. D 
of Ovid's Metamorphoſes, and that of Pſyche in the 4th, 5th, and 
6th Books of Lucius Appuleius de Aſino Aures. 

The Comical Hiſtory of Don Quizot, Adted at the Queens Theatre 
in Dorſet-Garden, by their Majzſties Servants, Part I. 1694. 4to. 
Dedicated to the Dutcheſs of Ormond. This Play met with an ex + 
traordinary Applauſe ; and is taken entirely from that famous, and 
much Celebrated Anfick Romance of the ſame Name, written by 
Michael Cervantes , a Spaniard. 


Part IT. Aed at the ſame Theatre, in the ſame Year,and Dedi. 


cated by an Epiſtle in Heroick Verſe, to the Right Honourable 
Charles, Earl of Dorſet and Middleſex, &c. This as well as the for- 
nier, is taken from the foreſaid Romance, and met with great Ap- 
plauſe, which encouraged our Author to proceed to 

Part III. adding to the Title of thatonly, With the Marriage of 
Mary the Buxome, This was Aﬀed and Printed 1696. and Dedica- 
ted to the Right Honourable Charles Montague, Eſq; oneof the Lords 
Commiſſioners of the Treaſury,gyc. in which he will notalſow that 
its innate Defects are fo obnoxious as are ſuppoſed ; but owns its 
want of Succeſs, which never Poet yet attributed to himſelf : This 
15 as the other twoParts borrowed from the incomparable Cervantes. 

The Fond Husband ; or, The, Plotting Siſters,a Comedy,4to. 1678. 
Adted at the Dukes Theatre, and Dedicated to his Grace the Duke 
of Ormond ; This when Preſented firſt was accounted a good Play. 

The Fvol turn'd Critick , a Comedy,gqto. 1578. ARted at the Thea- 
tre Royal by their Majeſties Servants. The CharaQers of Old Wine 
Love, Tim, and Small Wit, are ſomething like Simo, Aſotus, and 
Balio in Randolph's Fealows Lovers. 

A Fool's Preferment ; or, The Three Dukes of Dunſtable, a Com.qto. 
1688. Aded at the noms Theatre in Dorſet-Garden, by their 
Majeſties Servants, with Songs ſet by Mr. Henry Purcell, and Dedi- 
cated to the Honourable Charles, Lord Morpeth, tranſcribed from 
Fletcher's Noble Gentleman , except one Scene from the Novel 
of the Humnurs of Baſſett. 

The Tnjnred Princes ;, or, The Fital Wager, a Tragi-Comedy, 4te. 
1682, Aﬀed at the Theatre Royal by their Majeſties Servants ; the 
Prologue to this Play is the ſ:me with the Epilogue of another of 
his own, call'd, The Fool turn'd Critich ; and the Foundation of the 
whole Play from Shakeſpear. 

The Intrigues of Verſailles; or, A Flt in all Humours, a Co- 
medy; ARed at the Theatre in L:ncolns-Inn-Fields. 1697. 4te. 
This Play had not the Succeſs the Author deſired ; who in his Epi- 
ſtle to the two Sir Charles Sidleys, 1s pleafed to Condemn the 
Taſte of the Town for not liking it, when they had approv'd 
others of his Plays of lefs value, and Merit, it having been ap- 
prov'd by two ſuch Judges as Mr. Congreveand Mr. Betterfon, as bs 

[f 


as 0h To ak ITDqo0o KT LY <iOutO ao am #oc 4 no_ _ = 


— - 8 *. _FY. 


4 12 ed hw} bw 


Knwn AUTHORS. D ſx 


tells us it would be a ſort of preſumption to diſſent from them, 
tho' with the Town on ones fide; for of them, as of Cato, it 
may be ſaid, Viatrix cauſa diis placuit ſed vita Catoni ; yet 'tis to 
me unaccountable, that Ramlure ſhould be introduced ſpeaking 
broken Engliſh, or a ſort of Jargon between French and Engliſh, 
when all the Perſons in the Play except Guillamour are French, and 
the Scene laid atVerſatles. Nor can I imagine how Mr. Durfey and 
his two Judges cou'd overſee the young Count Torneſe abſconding 
in the very Court of the King, in ſo thin a Diſguiſe as that of a 
Woman, when he had committed ſo urpardonable a Fault as a 
Duel is there, and have ſuch a Confident of his Diſzuiſe as Vou- 
doſm, who had a better way of Attacking him than with a pru- 
ning Knife : But Nequid Nimis. As for the Thefts they are 
numerous enough. Tornezres Diſguiſe ,and Count Briſack's fallin 
in Love with his Wifes Gallant in Womans Cloaths, are Borrowed 
froma Novel call'd, The Double Cuckold. Vandoſms Charatter ſeems 
to be a fairer Copy of Olivia in The Plain Dealer, and Mirtilla 
in Mrs. Behr Play, call'd, The Amorous Filt ; but Vandſms Lan- 
guage 15 more B!/linſgate than either, wanting the Wit of the firſt, 
and the Genteelneſs of the laſt. 

Love for, Money ; or, The Boarding-School, a Comedy, Aded at the 
Theatre Royal, 76gr. 4fo. and Dedicated to the Right Honoura- 
ble Charles, Lord Viſcount Lanſdawn, Count of the Sacred Roman 
Empire, &c. This Play it ſeems in the firſt Days Repreſentation 
met with Enemies, which endeavoured to Damn it, eſpecially the 
Dancing-Maſters, and other Friends to the Boarding-Schools, 
who ſuppoſed themſelves, and their Livelihood expos'd ; from 
which the Poet clears himſelf, and lets us underſtand, that all this 
Oppoſition could. not oppreſs the Merit of the Play; which is, 
without doubt, a ſufficient Proof that there was ſoinething 1n- 1t 
that pleasd more than ordinary, I do-not find many new Cha- 
rafters ; Deputy Nicompoop, Ned Bragg, &c. being the Refuge of 
evry Cinic Writer, at leaſt of latz. The Plot in general I take to 
be his own. - >w*5g 

Madam Fickle; or, The Witty Falſe One, a Comedy, | 4to. 1677- 
Atted at his Royal Highneſs the Dukes Theatre, and Dedicated to 
his Grace” the Duke of Ormond. Old Love. reſembles Veerano in 
Marmion's Antiquary, Zechiel's creeping into the Tavern-Buſh, and 
Tilbury's being drunk under it, gc. from Sir Reverence Lamard 
and Pimpwell in Iſiingien and Hogsden-Walks. See alſoa Play call'd 
The Fawn, writ by Marſton. SEES 

The Marriage Hater Match'd ; . a Comedy, ARed at the Theatre- 
Royal by their Majeſties Servants, 1693. 4to. and Dedicated to the 
Illuſtrious, and truly Noble Prince Fames, Duke, Marqueſs, and. 
Earl of Ormihd in England and Tre'and, &c. This Play was very 
well received, atd in it Mr. Dogget gave the firſt Proofs that were 
taken great notice of, what an adm'rablc we he was. _— 

2 this 


52 Known AUTHORS. D 


this Play is prefix'd a Letter to the Author in Defefice of it ; and 
with that I do agree, that this is by much the beſt of his Comedies, 
tho' I can never allow the reſt of that Epiſtle free from Flattery ; 
and we may conclude that Friendſhip, or fome other Motive blind- 
ed his Eyes very much, when he made fo large an Encomium 
of 1t. 

The Richmond Heireſs ; or, a Woman once in the Right, a Ccme- 
dy, Aﬀed at the Theatre Royal by their Majeſties Servants, 1693. 
4to. Dedicated to the Honourable, and my very good Friend Sir 
Nici»las Garrard, Bar. whom he 1s pleas'd to inform, that in the 
piece offer'd him, there appears no defe& of Genius, whatever 
there might be of Judgment ; whether the Poet be in the Right or 
no the Reader muſt Determine ; but 'tis evident, it was not Re- 
ceived with an Applauſe Anſwerable to his ExpeQations ; tho' up- 
on a Revival and Alterations he has pleas'd the Town. 

The Royalliff , a Comedy, 4to. 1582. Aded at the Dukes 
Theatre. Camillas Trick of Sir Over Old-Cut, for Sir Charles 
King-Love, borrowed from Boccace's Novels, Day 7. Nov. 9. and 
the Song of Hey boys up go we, ſtollen from an Ecclogue, 4to. in The 
Shepherd's Oracle. : 

The Siege of Memphis ; or, The Ambitious Queen, a Tragedy, gto. 
1675. Atted at the Theatre Royal, and Dedicated to Henry Chi- 
ade Efq; This Play met not with that Succeſs the Author de- 
wed, 

Sir Barnaby Whig, or, No Wit like a Womans; a*Comedy, 4to. 
1681. Adqed at the Theatre Royal by their Majeſties Servants, 
and Dedicated to the Right Honourable George, Earl of Berkley, 


Plot from The Fine Companion, a Play of Marmion's, and part from 


a Novel call'd The Double Cuchold, 8wo. 

Trick for Trick; or, The Debauch'd Hypocrite, a Comedy, 4t0. 
1678. F Tnis is only Monfieur Thomas ( a Play of Fletcher's ) 
Reviv'd. 

TheVirtuouws Wife; or, Good Luck at laſt ; a Comedy, 4to. 16580. 
Several Hints ſtollen from other Plays (viz.) The Fawn, Marriage 
A-la-mode, &c. 

He has written beſides the above-mentioned Plays, fome Volumes 
of Songs and Poems, as Butler's Ghoft, Collins's Walk, &c. | 


Sd EE TY — POS. 


PP tc ha © _, ++ &t try ed ped inks IS «© 


Xown AUTHORS. E 
E 


Edward Eccleſton. 


\ by" Author 1s ( I ſuppoſe) ſtill hving, and has writ a Play 
ſet off with Sculptures, and ſeveral Titles to make it ſell ; it 
was firſt call'd, 

Noah's Flood; or, The Deftru&ion of the World, an Opera, {te. 
16759. Dedicated to the Dutcheſs of Monmouth; the ſecond Ti- 
tle was The Cataplaſm, or General Deluge of the World, 4to. 1624. 
and again the third time, under the Name of The Deluge, or, The 
Deftruion of the World, 4to. 1691. The Foundation of it is from 
Sacred Writ. ; 


Sir George Etheridge. 


.K Gentleman very famous in the Reign of King Charles the Se- 
A cond ; his Country I am 1znorant of ; but his firft Ap- 
_—_ were to the Law; his Lone 7n a Tub, and his Wit 

ght him into good Acquaintance , and general E- 
ſteem, till for Marrying a Fortune he was Knizhted, and by 
| King James the Second, he being 1n particular eſteem with the 
late Queen his Conſort, ſent him Envoy to Hamburgh. After the 
Revolution he went for France to his Maſter, and dyed there, or 
very ſoon after his arrival in England from thence ; He 1s the Au- 
thor of three Plays; two of them are admirable ; and were the 
firſt divided from the ſerious part, it would not want a 
conſiderable Praiſe , at leaſt it fhll meets with a general Ape 
plauſe. | 

The Comical Revenge; or, Love in a Tub, a Comedy, 4to. 1679. 
Ated at-the Duke of 7ork's Theatre then in Little Lincolns-Inn- 
Fields. This Play, tho' part ſerious, and part Comical, yet (as 
before) met with a general Applauſe. 

The Man of Mode ; or, Sir Fapling Flutter, a Comedy, 4to. 
1676. Add at the Duke-of York's Theatre,and Dedicated to his 
Dutcheſs. This Play met with extraordinary Succeſs, all agree-- 
VE it to be true Comedy,” and the Charafters drawn to the 

ie, 


E 3 She 


#4 | Known AUTHORS. F 


Shewou'd if ſhe cou'd, a Comedy, 4to. 1671. Atted alſo at the 
Duke of Tork's Theatre. This Comedy is accounted by Mr. Lang- 
bain , with whom I agree, one of the firſt Rank, and by Mr. Shad- 
well (in his Preface to his Humoriſts) the beſt Comedy written. ſince 
the Reſtauration cf the Stage. 


—{ TL / —_ 


y 


Sir Francis Fane, Jun. Knight of the 
Bath. 


HIS Honourable Author is lately deceaſed , his late Refi- 
T dence was at Fulbeck in Lincolnſhire : he was Grandſon to 
| = Ear! of Weſtmorland, and has given us the two following 

ays:; 

pp in the Dar; or, The Man of Buſineſs ; a Comedy, 4to. 
1675. Adqed at the Theatre Royal by his Majeſties Servants, and 
Dedicated to the Right Honourable Fohn, Earl of Rocheſter. 
The Plot taken from the Inviſible Miſtreſs in Scarron's Novels, 80. 
Baccace's Novels, Day 3. Nov. 3. and Day 7. Nov. 7. Lovesof Great 
Men, p. 59. 

The Sacrifice, a Tragedy 4to. 1626. and Dedicated to the Right 
Honourable Charles, Earl of Dorſet and Middleſex. This Play 
tho' Publiſhed without Aﬀing, was hizhly commended by two 
Copies of Verſes to the Author by Mr. Tate and Mrs. Behn ; For 
the Plot fee Chalcocordylas, lib. 3. Leundavas, lib. 6. See alſo the 
Lives of Bzjazet and Tamerlain, the laſt by Mr. D'4ſfigny, and the 
former by Knoll's in his Turkiſh Hiftary. 


Sir Richard Fanſhaw. 


Rioter to the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Fanſhaw of Ware- 
Park in Hertfordhire ; he was Educated at Cambridge, from 
thence removed to Court ; he perfettly underſtoad Latin, French, 
Italian, Spaniſh, and Portugueſe; was Secretary to the King in 
- Holland, France, and Scotland, was after the Reſtauration ſent Am- 
baflador to Portugal,to Confſummate the Match between the preſent 
Queen Dowager and Charles the Second. In the Year 1664. he 
wasſent into Spain, Ambaſſador,to confirm the Treaty of Commerce 
and League between the two Crowns, and dyed at Madrid, 1666. 
ro fay nothing of his Capacity as a Stateſ-man, we confine our 
ſelves only to his Paetry, and particularly his Dramatick mo 

| | Peſtat 


Knwn AUTHORS. F 55 


Paſtor Fido, The Faithful Shepherd, a Paſtoral, 8wo, and 4to, De- 
dicated to King Charles the Second , when Prince of Wales. 
Tranſlated from Guarini's Italian, and Printed with his Po- 
ems, 810. | 

Querey por Salo querer, To Love only for Love's ſake, qto. 1671. 
Thus 1s a Dramatick Romance, Tranſlated from the Spaniſh of Men- 
4024, when Sir Richard was a Priioner in Tankerſly-Caſtle in York- 
ſhire, after the Battle of Worceſter, where he was on the King's 
fide, this Play conſiſts but of three As, the Spaniſh Poets ſeldom 
exceeding that Number. | 


Henry Lord Viſcount Faulkland, 


Ather to the late Lord Faulkland, celebrated by Cowley. He 
F was of Oxfordſhire, and Lord Lieutenant of that County , 
and a Member of Parliamennt ; his Diverfion led him to write 
one Play, call'd, | 

The, Marriage Night, a Tragedy, 4to. 1664. Thus Play never ap- 
peared publick on the Stage. 


Nathaniel Field. 


His Poet Liv in the time of King Zames T. and King Charles I, 
T he was aſſiſtant to old Maſſenger in the writing a Play call'd, 
The Fatal Dowry, and commonly call'd Son by Mr. Chapman,who, as 
well as moſt of the then Poets, had our Author in good Eſteem, 
he was an Aor, and writ himſelf tworPlays, (viz.) 

Amends for Ladies, with the merry Pranks of Moll Cut-purſe, or 
the Humour of Roaring , a Comedy, 4to. 1639. Aﬀed at the Black 
Fryars, by the Prince's and Lady Elizabeth's Servants. This Play 
the Author writ to pleaſe the Ladies whom he had offended by his 
other Play. The Plot in part taken from the Novel of the Curious 
Impertinent 1n Don Quixot. | 

Woman's a Weather-Cock, a Comedy, 4to.1612. Aded beforethe 
King at Whitehall, and ſeveral times privately at the White Fryars 
by the Children of her Majeſty's Revels. This Play pleas'd much 
in thoſe Days, and highly commended by Mr.Chapman. 


Edward Filmer, 


N Author that has been pleas'd to viſit the Town with a Play 
A in the Autumn of his Age, if Iam rightly informed ; *'tis 
therefore no great wondey if it wanfed 1 and force ye ta 

4 


erve 


76 Known AUTHORS. F 


preſerve its Life above three Days. He is a Dottor of the Civil- 
Law , and otherwiſe eſteemed a Man ot good Senfe and Judg- 
ment ; and ſome Lines in this Play confirm that Opinion, *tis 
call'd | 

The Unnatural Brother, a Trapedy, 4to. AQed at the Theatre 
in Little Lincolns-Inn-Fields;, 1697. by his Majeſty's Servants; he 
owns the Plot to be taken from Caſſandra, particularly the Story of 
Alcinoe1n that Romance. | 


Mr. Fiſhbourn. 


Gentleman who writ an unlicenſed Play without his Name, 
call'd, 

Sodom ; before this Play are put the two Letters E. R, 
the Printer having a mind to have it paſs for one of the Works of 
the late Earl of Roczeſtey, as 1t had been formerly imputed to htm, 
and which he denies and deteſ}s.in a Copy of Verſes made on 
purpoſe againſt the Author of it, who was, as I'm very well affy- 
red, 0:32 Mr. Fiſhboyrn, an Inns of Court Gentleman ; nor indeed 
has itany of my Lord Rocheſler's Wit to make amends for the abo- 
minable filth of the Obſcenity whicn muſt nauſeate every Reader of 
any tolerable Judgment. 


Richard Flecknoe. 


Bis memorable Author kv'd in the Reign of both the Charle's, 
T was (as Ihave had it*from good hands) a Jeſuit, but forſook 
the knaviſh partof his Office for Poetry, tho'his Works, 1f I may 
credit thoſe that have read him with more regard than my ſelf, is 
not enough to quit him of all the tricks of that-Order, he 1s for no- 
thing fo famous, as for naming a Poem of Mr. Dryden's call'd, Mac 
Flecknoe, he has Publiſhed ſeveral Plays, but whether any of 'em 
were Attcd or not, I'm not able to determine. 

Damnyſelles A-la-mndz, a Comedy, 8v0. 1667. Dedicated to 
their Graces the Die and Dutcheſs of New Caſtle, borrowed from 
Miltere's Precieuſes Ridicules, L'Eſcole des Femes, & L'Eſcole des 


_—_ 


Mavis. 


Erminia; or, The Chaſt Lady, a Tragi-Comedy, 8wo. 1667. 
Dedicated tothe fair and virtuous Lady the Ladv Southcott. 
' Loves Dominion, a Poſtoral, 8v0. 1554. Dedicated to the Lady ' 
Elizabeth Claypole : A Play full of Morality, and written as a 
Pattern for the Reformed Stage. + 

Love's Kingdom, a Paſtoral Tragi-Comedy, 8vo. 1654. Dedica- 
ted to his Excellency the Marqueſs of Newcaſile, This — 


©, «4 


\ 


Known AUTHORS. EF r7 


ed with a freſh Title ten years after z the other gong befape, is 
almoſt the ſame, only Carretted, and a very little alter'd. 

Marriage of Oceanus and Britania, a Maſque. 

This Author has written divers Epigrams and Enigmatical Cha- 
rafters ; alſo a ſhort Diſcourſe of the Engliſh Stage, Pabliſhed at 
the end of his Love's Dominion, 840, Diarium,or The Fournal, another 
, piece of his in Burleſque Verſe, 1 2ves. 1656. oc. 


John Fletcher, and Francis Beaumont, 


R. Fletcher was the Son of Dr. Fletcher, created Biſhop of 
M Briſtol by Queen Elizabeth, and afterwards tranflated to the 
See of London, 1593. He dy'd the firſt year of Charles I. of the 
- Plague in London, 1625. in his Forty ninth Year, and was Buri- 
ed 1n St. Mary Overy's Church, Southwark, Hys Colleague in wri- 
ting moſt of his Plays, Mr. Beaumont, I can fay little of, but 
what the Reader may gather from the Verſes of the Poets in that 
| Age, before their Works ; that he was a Man of Learning none 
. can queſtion ; but to imagine, as Mr. Lengbatn does, that he was 
perfettly vers'd in the Dramatick Laws, is more than can be drawn 
from their Plays, of which there 1s ſcarce one regular. Their 
Comedies are much the beft; yet of them take away five or fix, 
and they will not bear Ating, ſcarce reading by a nice Judge. I 
fay not this to derogate from Men of wndoubted Merit, but only 
prompted by my impartiality, a CharaQter which Mr. Langhain pro- 
fefles but has no where preſerved.Their Plays are Fifty twa in Num- 
ber, all which are Printed and Publiſhed in one harge Volume Folio, 
1679, They follow 1a Alphabetical Order. 

The Beggars Buſh, a Comedy, fol. often Atted formerly with 
good Applauſe. . 

Bond'uca,a Tragedy,fol. Ts Play has been twice reviv'd, Plot frem 
Tacitus's Annals, Book 14. See alfo Milton's Hiltory of England, 
Book 2. | 

The Bloody Brother; or, Rollo Duke of Normandy, a Tragedy. fol. 
This Play hath been fometimes Aded of late Days 1n Dorſet Gar- 
den, with good Succeſs. Plot from AHerodtan. Hiſt. £16, 4. and part 
of the Language from Senecd's Thebats. | 
'R... Captain, a Comedy, fol. This Play has not been Aﬀted of 

e Years. 

The Chances ; a Comedy, fol. Reviv'd by the late Duke of Buc- 
bingham , and Printed with Alterations 4to. 1682. oftentimes 
Adﬀed with great Applauſe of late days at the Theatre 1n Doy- 
ſet Garden, &c. Plot from the Lady Cornelia in Exemplary Novels, 
fel. or the Novels of Cornelia in Miguel des Cervantes Novels, tran- 


; ted by Dr. Pape. 
pe | The 


58 Knows AUTHORS. F 


The Coravation ; a Tragi-Comedy, fol. not Acted theſe many 
' years. This Play, tho' Printed in this folio Edition, is claimed by 
Shirley to be his. SP 

The Cexcomb, a Comedy, fol. This Play has been Revived and 
Atted at the Theatre Royal, but met with little Succeſs. 

Cupid's Revenge, a Tragedy, fol. 

The Cuſtom ”, the Country; a Tragi-Comedy, fol. The Plot of 
_—_— Duarte, and Guyomar, built on Maliſpinis Novels, Decad. 6. 

ov. 6. 

The Double Marriage ; a Tragi-Comedy , fol. This Play was 
wart ſome Years fince, but met not with that Succeſs ex- 
petted. | 

The Elder Brother; a Comedy fol. oftentimes Atted formerly, and 
met with indifferent Succeſs. 

The Faithful Shepherdeſs ; a Paſtoral, fol. This was entirely Flet- 
 cher's, and commended by (*) Copies of Verſes by Mr. Beaumont 
and Ben. Johnſon. 'Twasfirft Ated on a Twelfth Night, at Somer- 
ſet-houſe ; inſtead of a Prologue was a Song in Dialogue, writ 
by Sir William D'avenant , and Sung between a Prieſt and a 
Niunph ; and the (+) Epilogue was then ſpoken by the Lady 
Mordant. 

The Fair Maid of the Inn ; a Comedy, fol. Marianus diſown- 
1ng Ce/ario , and the Duke's Injun&tion to Marry him, you may 
_ -_ Cauſin's Holy Court, and Wanly's Hiſt. of Man, Book 3 

P- 26, 

The Falſe One,a Tragedy, fol. See Plutarch, Suetonizs, Dion, App!- 
an, Florus, Oroſins, &c. 

Four Plays ;, or, Moral Repreſentations in One, Tragi-Comedy, fol, 
(viz.) The Triumphs of Honour ; built on Boccace's Novels, Day 10, 
Nov. 5. Triumph of Love, on Nov. 8. Day 5. Triumph of Death, 
on Nov. 3. Part 3. of the Fortunate Deceiv'd, and Unfortunate L0- 
vers, alſo The Palace of Pleaſure, Nov. 44 &And The Triumph of 
Time, the Author's own Invention. 

An Honeſt Man's Fortune; a Tragi-Comedy, fol. See Heywood's 
Hiſt. of Women, Book 9. p. 641. : 

The Humorous Lieutenant ; a Tragi-Comedy, fol, Some hint 
may be taken from Horace, Lib. 2. Ep. 2. but rather from, Ford's 
Apothegms, p. 30. See alſo Plutarch's Life of Demetrius , Apptan, 
7uſtin, oc. | 

Iſland Princeſs, a Tragi-Comedy, fol. and 4to. This Play was 
about ten Years fince Reviv'd by Mr. Tate, the preſent Poet Lau- 
reat, with Alterations. Aed at the Theatre Royal, and Dedica- 
,<d tothe Right Honourable Henry, Lord Walgrave, the Quarto Edi- 
gon, Printed 1687. 


W— — — ——_— ———u 


+ See Beaumont and Fletcher's Plays, laſt Edition, fol. p. 233- 
+ Covent Garden Drollery, p25, King 


%s 


Knows AUTHORS. F' 59 

A King and no King; a Tragi-Comedy, fol. Reviv'd ſince the Re- 
ſtauration, and Ated with Applauſe at the Theatre Royal. 

The Knight of the Burning Peſile ; a Comedy, fol. Reviy'd alſoin 
King Charles the Second's time, and Add at the Theatre Roy- 
al, with a new Prologue, ſpoken by the famous Madam Elfen 
Guin, 

A Knight of Malta, a Tragi-Comedy , fol. not ARed of late 
years. | 
The Laws of Candy ; a Tragi-Comedy, fol. not Atted theſe many 

ears. 
: The Little French Lawyer, a Comedy,fol. Plot from Guſman's Don 
Lewis. deCaſtro, and Don Roderigo de Montalvo. Scealſo Scarroon's 
Novelof the Fruitleſs Precaution. | $1 

Loves Cure; or, The Martial Maid, a Comedy, fol. 

Love's Prilgrimage, a Comedy, fol. The Plot from a Novel, 
call'd, The Two Damſels, ina Book Entituled Exemplary Novels, 
and part of the Play taken from Fohnſon's New Inn. 

The Lovers Progreſs, a Tragi-Comedy, fol. Plot from a French 
Romance, call'd _ and Caliſta. 

The Loyal Subjett ; a Tragi-Comedy, fol. | 

The Mad Lover, a Comedy, fol. See the Story of Mundus and 
Paulina, in Joſephus Hiſt. of the Fews, Book 18. Chap. 4. 

The Maid im the Mill aComedy ; This Play was Reviv'd,and ſome- 
times Ated at the Dukes Theatre after the Fire of London. Plotof 
the ſerious part from Gerardo, a Romance, and the Comical part 
from Bandello's Novels. 

The Maids Tragedy, a Tragedy, fol. This Play was often Atﬀted at 
the King's Theatre fince the Reſtauration; but ſomewhat in it dil- 
pleaſing King Charles the Second, it was for ſome time forbid com- 
ing on the Stage, till Mr. Wa/ler Reviving it, and wholly altering 
249g A& (which is Printed in his Poems) appeared again pub- 

ickly. 

4 Maſque of Grays-Inn and the Inner Temple-Gentlemen, fol. 
This was preſented at the Marriage of the Princeſs Elizabeth, and 
the Prince Palatine of the Rhyme, in the Banquetting Houſe of 
Whiteball; written by Mr. Beaumont alone. 

Monſieur Thamas, a Comedy, fol. This has appeared fince on the 
Stage, with a new Title, call'd, Trick for Trick. 

Nice Valour ; or, The Paſſionate mad Man ; a Comedy, fol. 

The Night Walker ; or, The little Thief, a Comedy , fol. This 
has been ARed fince the Reſtauration , by the King's Ser- 
vants, 

The Noble Gentleman, a Comedy, fol. This Play has apperr- 
ed of late years with a new Title, calld , The Fool's Preſer- 
pots or, The Three Dukes of Dunſtable, Riviv'd by Mr. Dur- 

ey. 
4 Phileſler ; 


- 


60 Kwwn AUTHORS. F 


Philafter ; or, Love lies a Bleeding; a Tragi-Comedy, fol. A 
Play often Aﬀed formerly, and ſometimes of late Years, is accoun- 
ted one of the beſt our Authors have Publiſhed. 

j The Pi/grim ; a Comedy,'fo!. Revivd and Atted ſome Years 
ce. 

The Prophetefi; a Trasi-Comedy, fol. This is Reviv'd under the 
name of the Prophetefi; or, The Hiſlery of Drooleſran, an Opera,qto. 
1690. -Iknow not what reaſon Mr. Langbain has to attribute the 
revival to Mr. Drzden, when 'twas Mr. Betterton's. The true Hi- 
ftory you may find in Nicephorres, lib.s. and 7. Euſebings lib.8.B aronit 
AN. 204. (Fc. 

The Queen of Corinth; a Tragi-Comedy, fol. 

Rule a Wife, and have a Wife, a Comedy, fol. This Play has 
been ſometimes Ated of hte days with good Applauſe. 

The Scornful Laty, a Comedy, fol. Aed often in theſe days with 
good Applauſe. - This Play is likewiſe Printed in Quarto,16gt. 

The SeaVoyage, a Comedy, fol. This Play has been Reviv'd by 
Mr.Durfey, with a nei Title, call'd, The Common-wealth of Women, 
and in part reſembles Shakeſpear's Tempeſt. 

The Spaniſh Curate, a Comedy. Plot trom Gerards's Hiſt. of Don 
Fehn p. 202. and from the Spaniſh Curate of the ſame Author, 
þ. 214, 

Thiery and Theodoret, a Tragedy, ſol. and 4to. imperfet& in the 
kſt A& in the foho Edition, but ſupplied in the 4to. Plot from 
the French Chronicles, in the Reign ot Clotaiy IE. See Fredegarius, 
De Serres, Mezeray, &c. I 

Two Noble Kinſmen, a Tragi-Comedy, fol. Mr. Shake/pear aſſiſted 
in the writing of this Play. 

Valentinian, a Tragedy, fol. and 4to. This Play, has been Re- 
vivd and Alter'd by the late Earl of Rocheſter, and fo Aged at the 
Theatre Royal with great Applanſe. The Quarto Edition, Pub- 
liſhed 1685. with a Preface relating to the Author and his 
Works. Plot from Amm. Marcellings, Procopius. Hiſt. Evagri- 
# , and other Writers of thoſe times. 

A Wife for a Month,a Tragi-Comedy, fol. See the Story hereof un 
Mariana,and Louis de Mayerne Turquet, and the Hiſtory of Sancho VIII. 
King of Leon. 

The Wild Gooſe Chaſe , a Comedy, fol. This Play has been 1n good 
repute. 
is at ſeveral Weapons, a Comedy, fol. built on the Wits ; writ 
by Sir William D'avenant. 

Wit withjut Money, a Comedy, fo!. This Play was Revived 
and Adted in Little Lincolns-Inn-Fields, immediately after the 
Theatre in Drury Lane was burnt, with a new Prologue by Mr. 
- Dryden. | 

; The 


dp 


Known AUTHORS. F 61 


The Woman Hater, a Tragi-Comedy, fol. Reviv'd by Sir William 
D'avenant, with a * new Prologue writ in Proſe. Mr. Hercher 
writ this Play without the Affiſtance of Mr. Beaimont. 

The Womans Prize ;, or, The Tamer Tam'd; a Comedy, fol. built 
on the Taming of the Shrew, writ by Mr.Shakeſpear, and may be ta- 
ken as a Counter part thereof, 

Women Pleas'd; a Comedy, fol. See the moſt Comical parts 
hereof taken from Nov. 6. Day 7. and Day 8. Nov. 8. gc. of 
Baccace's Novels. 

Mr. Fletcher join'd with Ben. JOS and Middleton, in oneother 
Comedy, call'd, The Widow, placed under Foknjon ; and Mr.Beau- 
mont has writ a Book of Poems, Elexies, Sonnets, gc. lafk 
Edition, 80. 1653. 


John Ford. 


Gentleman of the Middle Temple,in theReizn of Kinz Charles 1, 
and beſides thoſe Plays he has join'd with Rowley and Decker,he 
has writ ſeven entirely alone. 

The Broken Heart, a Tragedy, 4to. 1633. AQed by his Majeſty's 
Servants, at the private Houſe in Black Fryers,and Dedicated to the 
Lord Craven. 

Fancies Chaſt and Noble ; a-Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1639, Adtcd at 
the Phenix in Drury- Lane, by the Queens Majeſties Servarts, and 
Dedicated to the Lord Macdonel, Earl of Antrim in Ireland. 

The I adies Tiyal; a Tragi-Comedy,qto.1539. Adted by their Ma- 
jeſties Servants 1n Drary Lane, acid Dedicated to 7ohn Whrley, Eſq; 
and Mrs. Mary Wyrley his Wiſe, 

Lovers Melancholy ; a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1629, Aﬀted at the: 
private Houſe in Black Fryers , and publickly at the Globe by the 
King's Servants, and Dedicated to ſeveral of his Friends of Grays- Inn 
in particular, and to the whole Society in general. 

Loves Sacrifice; a (rezedy, 4to. 1633. Aded by the Queens 
Servants at the Phenix in Drury Lane, and Dedicated to John Ford 
of Grays-Irn, Eſo. 

Perkin Warbech ; an Hiſtorical Play, 4to. 1634. Adted by the 
Queens Servants in Drury Lane, and Dedicated to the R1zht Ho- 
nourable William, Exri of NewCa'/le. For the truth of the Story 
ſee Gainsford's Hiſt. of Perkin Warbech, 4to. and cur Engliſh Chrou- 
cles in the Reign ot Henry VII. 

'Tis Pity ſhe's a Whore, a Tragedy, q4to. 1633. Adtted by the 
Queens Majeſties Servants at the 7hanix in Drury Lane, and Dcdi- 


_— _ — — — 


—__— 


_ _— 


* S:r William D'avcuant's Works, foi. p. 249. 


cated 


62 Knows AUTHORS. .G 
cated to the truly Noble Fohn, Earl of Peterborough, Lord Mordant, 
Baron of Turney. 

The Suns Darling ; a Mask,4to.16 57. Preſented by their Majeftics 
Servants at the Cock-pit in Drury Lane, and Dedicated to the 
Right Honourable the Earl of Southampton. This Play was not 
wholly written by this Author , but Decker join'd with him 
therein; 


Thomas Ford. 


F715 Author hv'd in the Reignof King Charles I. and has writ 
one Play, call'd, | | 
Loyves Labyrinth; or, The Royal Shepherdefs, a Tragi-Come- 
ay, 800. 1660. Part of it taken from Gomerſal's Tragedy of Sſorza, 
Duke of Millain, and 1s bound up with his other Works in 840. 
r66TI. g 


John Fountain. 


A Devonſhire Gentleman who liv'd in the Reign of K. Charles II. 
and writ one Play, calld, 

The Reward of Virtue ; a Comedy, 4t0.1661. never Aﬀted whilſt 
the Author livd, but after his Death Mr. Shadwell Reviv'd and Al- 
ter'd it ; and then under another Title, (viz.) The Royal Shepher- 
aeſs, 1t was Atted with Applauſe. 


Abraham Frannce. 


T5 Poet liv'd in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth; ina Book 
writ by him, call'd, The Counteſs of Pembroke's Iny-Church, is 
one Dramatick Paſtoral, entituled. ; 
Amintas Paſtoral , qto. 1591. writ in Hexameters, and 1s a Tran- 
ftion of Taſſo's. | 


Sir Ralph Freeman. 


T7 Gentleman after the Martyrdom of K. Charles I. writ one 
Play, call d, 

Imperiale ; a Tragedy, 4to. 1655. and Dedicated to Fobn Morris, 
Ep For the Plot conſult Pontanss, Budes's Treaſury of Ancient 
and Modern Times, Beard's Theatre of God's Judgments, part 2+ 
Page 45. Wanleys Hiſtory of Man, Book 4. Chapt. 2. _—_ 
Hiſt. 


8%: * af . OE wan 


Know»: AUTHORS. G 62 


Hift, Admirables de Notre temps, Tom. 1. p. 362. and Bandelly's 
Novels. | 


 Ulpian Fulwell. 


N Author in Queen Elizabeth's Reign , who writ in Rhime 
one Play, call'd, 

Like will to libe queth the Devil to the Collier ; an Interlude 4to. 
1587. This ancient piece was ſo contniv'd, that it might be A@- 
ed by five Perſons; ſhews what Puniſhments overtake the Licenti- 
ous, and what Rewards the Virtuons receive ; its printed tn an old 
black Engliſh Letter. 


G 
: George Gaſtoign, Eſq. 


Reign, he was of Grays-Inn, and has left us four Dramatick 
pieces, of which in their order. : 

The Glaſs' of Government ; .-a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1575. This 
Play was alſo printed in an old black Letter, like that of Fulwel!'s, 

ſhews the Paniſhments for Vice,and the Rewards for Virtue. 

Fecalta ;, a Tragedy; 4to. 1556. Tranſlated from the Greek of 
Euripides by this Author, and one 'Mr. Kinwelmerſh of Grays-Inn, 
where it was preſented. 

Suppoſes ; a Comedy, 4to. 1 566. preſented alſo at Grays-Inn, En- 
liſhed from the famous Italian Oriofto. This and the former, are 
two of the Antients Plays in our Engliſh Tongue. 

Pleaſure at Kenelworth-Caſile ; a Maſque, but what year when 
Printed I cannot tell. This Play was play'd before the Queen for 
her Entertainment there. ' . 

The Author has Publiſh'd divers Poems with his Plays, pranted 


4ts. 1587, 


A* ancent Poet who writ in the beginning of Queen Elizabeth's 


Henry 


_ rIES——— _—— — OO —— ————_—— Yoo RE ———R— 


* Known AUTHORS. G 
Henry Glapthorn. 


the time of R.Charles T. which follow ; 

Albertus Wallenſtein ; a Tragedy, 1640. Adﬀed at the Globe 
on the Bank fide by .his Majeſty's Seryants. See the German 
Writers of Ferdinand the 24's Reign. Spondanus s Continuation Of 
Baromis, &c. 

Argalus and Parthenia, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1639. This Piay 
was preſented before the King and Queen at Court; and after- 
wards AQed at the private Houſe in Drury Lane by their Majzeſties 
Servants. Plot from Sir Philip Sidney's Arcadla, fol. 

The Hollander ;, aComedy,qto.1640. Adted at the Cock-Pit in Drury 
Lune, as alſo at Cgurt before their Majeſties. | 

The Ladies Priviledge ; a Comedy,q4to.1540.AR&ed both at Court 
before their Majeſties, and at the Cock-Pitggh Drury Lane, by their 
Majeſttes Servants. 

Wit ina Conſtable; a Comedy, 40. 1640. Aﬀted at the Coch-Pit 
in Drury Lane, by their Majeſties Servants, 

He alſo Publiſhed a Poem call'd Whitehall, which arc Printed 
in Quarto 1639, 


[| Know no more of this Author, than that he writ five Plays in 


Tho. Goff. 


E was born about the year 1592. began his Studics at Weſtmin- 
fter-School, famiih'd them at Christ-Church, Oxon, whether he 
removd at Eizhteen. He went out Batchelor of Divinity, and had 
the Living of - Faft-Clandon in Shrrey, and a Xantippe to his Wife, 
whoſe Tonzue,g7c. he could not bear fo indiFerently as ſometimes, 
but as my Author obſerves, lct it ſhorten his Days. He was Buried 
1n the ſaid Pariſh-Church, 1527. - and j1as written divers Poetical 
Pieces : His Plays five in Number, follow : 
The Careleſs Shepherdeſi.a Paſtoral, 4to. 1655, Acted at Salisbury- 


' Court , before their Majeſties the King and Queen with good 


Applauſe, Ts which Play is added an Alphabetical Catalogue 
of ail Plays till that time publiſhed tu Engliſh, but very Er- 
ronious. 

The Couragios Turk; or, Amurath the Firſt; a Tragedy, 808. 
1556. Adcd by the Students of Chriſi-Church 1n Oxon. For the 
Plot, fee Leunclavits, Chalcocondylar, Knolles, &c. in the Reign 
of Amurath. 

Crefles his Tragedy, $9. 1556. Atﬀted allo by the Students of 
Chriſt-Church in Oxon. Flot from Enripides's Oreſtes ; or, Srphocles's 
Elc&7 1, Raging 


CA a ww rr, 


_ 


Loan & 


J 
| 
P 
A 
0 
0 
$ 
/ 


Raging Turk, or, Bajazet the Second ; a Tragedy, 2v0. 1656. 
which was likewiſe Aﬀed by the Students of Chrift-Church, Oxm. 
For the Plot conſult the ſame Turkiſh Hiſtories before mentioned. 

Solimus Emperor of the Turks, aTragedy,4to. 1638. For the Plot 
8 conſult alſo the Turkiſh Hiſtorians, as Paul. Fovins, Mezeray, .&c. 
in the Reign of Solimirs the Firſt, % 


LI Printed together in one Volume 810. 


' 5 Robert Gomerſal. 


. __ Author, like the laſt, a Divine, born 1602. at London, at 
Fourteen was entred at Chrift-Church in Oxon, and choſen 
' & Student of that Royal Foundation, paſt through his ſeveral De- 
grees to Batchelor of Divinity, and dy'd 1646. He writ one Play 
© by the Name of, 
[ Lodovick Sforza, Duke of Millain, a Tragedy, 8v0. 1632. For the 
Story ſee Guiccardine,Jib.1 ,2.(c. Mezeray and Philip de Comines in the 
| Reign of Ch. VIII. This Author has writ ſeveral Poems, ſome of 
them Divine, whichare Printed with this Play in 840. Alfo ſome 
LB Sermons Printed 4to. 1653, 


Robert Gould. 


A Gentleman now living, formerly a Domeſtick of the Right Ho- 
nourable Charles, Earl of Dorſet and Middleſex; and fince 
teaches School in the Country. , He has given us One Play, called, 

The Rival Siſters, or the Violence of Love, a Tragedy, ARed at the 
Theatre _— by his Majeſty's Servants 4to. 1696. and Dedicated 
to the Right Honourable, Fames, Earl of Abingdon, &yc. This 
Play was well reccived.tho' delay'd for ſome timethe Ating, as the 
Author complains in his Epiſtle. The Plot is almoſt entirely taken 
out of Shirly's Maids Revenge, tho' he has left out the CharaRters 
* i of Signior Sharkino, a ſharking Doftor, and his Man Scarabeo ; the 
1} Story is taken originally out of Reynolds's God's Revenge againſt 
* i Murder, Book 2. Hiſt. 7. 


: * Francis Gouldſmith, Eſq; 


1 Fon only ſay, this Author liv'd in Charles the Firſt's time, and 
writ a Play, called, i 

f Sophompaneos, or the Hiſtory of Joſeph, a Tragedy, 4td..:1540. 

s | with Annotations, this Divine Dramma was writ in.Latitj by Hug" 

4 F « « Grotins, 


Knows AUTHORS. G 65 


| ; | 0 
Three of theſe five Plays 'mentioned to be ARed at Oxon, tare 


* 


66 Kwwn AUTHORS. G a 


Grotixs, tranſlated by our Author in Heroick Verſe. For the Plot, 
ſee the 44th, and 45th Chapter of Geneſis, Philo, 1n the Life of 
Foſephs, Juſtin, Book 36. Euſebius's Preparation to the Goſpel, &c. 


FL Gor 1 Cage Granville, Eſqz 


ad- 99 x22 Ot R—— 
| * a H 15S Genflemaitis of the Noble Family of the Right Honou- 
jo F* | rable the Earl of Bath, and his Nephew: A Perſon of uncom- 
' 22mon Qualifications, and one that gives as much Honour to the 
| me Name he bears, as he has receiv'd from it ; whoſe Wit, Perſonal 
le 4 +,;;, Bravery, and Sweetneſs of Temper, have made him the Delight of 
| / 7. © all that know him. The great Mr. Waller has expreſſed his Eſteem 
| £*&* -—- of him, in a Copy of Verſes in return of ſome made to him by Mr. 
W.2 11 *>= Granville, He has already given the World Two Plays. 
4 Y©/-- — Heroich, Love, a Tragedy, Aded at the Theatre in Little Lin 
| colns-Inn-Fields. This Play 1s one of the beſt of our Modern Tra- 
i gedies, and writ after the manner of the Ancients, which is much 
Pp more natural and eafie than that of our Modern Dramatiſts. The 
| Plot is built on the Firſt Book of Homer, (9c. 

The She-Gallants, a Comedy, Adted at the Theatre Royal in Lit- 
tle Lincolns-Inn-Fields, 1695. 4to. 

This Play has, next the Plain Dealer, more juſt and ſubſtantial 
Refle&tions and Satyrical Obſervations, than any of our Engliſh Co- 
medies ; the Dialogue 1s not only eaſy, but nervous ; and indeed 
he makes his Perſons ſpeak more Wit than the Stage is generally 
us'd to; which arm'd a FaQtion againſt it, tho' ev'n that was not ſuf- 
ficient totally to ſuppreſs its Succeſs, for it was very often Aﬀed 
to the Satisſattion of moſt that ſawit with impartiality, and would 
be contented to be pleas'd. The Epiſode of the Four Siſters is ta- 
ken out of the French Marquiſs, in the Romance of Ibraim. 


' 
C7 pow 
C2 þ-: 


Alexander Green. 


"TE liv'd in the Reign. of King Charles the Second, and writ 4 
Play, called, 

The Polititian Cheated, a Comedy, 4to. 1663. This Play I dof 

not find to be ever Adted. 


Robert Green. 


11TS Poet livd and writ One Play and part of another it 
Queen Elizabeth's Reign, - was Maſter of Arts in Cambridge 

*d has Publiſhed ſome other Pieces. 
| T 


A. fl. = file T = 


} 


g 


| Known AUTHORS. H : 65 
' The Honourable Hiſtory of Fryar Bacon, and Fryar Butgy, a Come- 
dy, 4to. For the Plot conſult Plor's Hiſt. of Oxonſhire, and Wood 
Antiquit. Oxon. (9c. | | 
. Looking-Glaſs for London and England; For this ſee the Account of 
Dr. Lodge, with whom he joined in this Divine Drama. This Au-, 
thor has writ divers other Pieces, moſt of them Printed in aft old 
Black Letter. 


H. 
William Habineton, Eſq; 


UR Poct in the midſt of the late. Civil Wars, devote41 
() himſelf to the Muſes, and among their Produ&tions 1s 
a Play, called, 

The Queen of Arragm, a Tragi-Comedy, Fol. 1640. Atﬀed both 
at Court and the Blach-Fryars. He has a Book of Poems, called, 
Caſtara, 80. 1640. alſo the Hiſtory or Chronicle of Edward the 
Fourth, Fol. 1540. 


Joſeph Harris. 


A Player yet living, and Brother to the Famous Organiſt of the 
City of London; he has been more than once aiming at Au- 
thority, by the Help of his Friends; he has Publiſhd Two Plays 
under his Name, called, | | 

The. Miſtakes, or the Falſe Report, a Comedy, 4to. 169. - which 
Play, as I am inform'd, was originally compos'd by another, and 
put into his Hands, and ſo he.made ſhift, by altering it, to ſpoil it. 

The City-Bride, or the Merry Cuckpld, a Comedy, ARed at the 
new Theatre in Little Lincoſns-Inn- Fields, by his Majeſty's Servants , 
4to.. 1696. and.dedicated to the Honourable Sir John Walter, Bar. 
This Play miſcarried, tho' borrowed from John Webſter's Cure for a 
Cuchold, whole Scenes being the ſame, but ſpoiF'd by the Tranſpo- 
ſer; for which he wou'd ſeem to make amends,. by the Performad- 
ces of the Mnificians, and fo far he is in the Right, 


Peter Hanſted. 
= FE was born at Oundle, 1n Northamptonſhire, proceeded to Maſter 


of Arts, in Queens-College, Cambridge, in the Reign of Charles , 
F 2 the 


6% Known AUTHORS. H 


the Firſt ; he was impatient of Cenſure, as well as his admired 
Ben. and writ a Play, called. 

The Rival Friends, a Comedy, 4to. 1532. Atﬀed before the King 
and-Queen at Cambridge, The Scene betwixt Love-all and Hamer- 
ſhin, AF 3. Scene 7 from that betwixt True-wit, Daw, and &a- 
Fool; 11+ Ben's Silent Woman. 


Joſeph Haynes. 


T HIS Perſon is mentioned here, for the ſake of an abomina- 
ble Play that is mentioned under his Name, but he 1s not the 
Author of it, called, 
A Fatal Miſtabe, or the Plot ſpoil'd, Printed 4t9. 1695. but ne- 
ver Acted. 


Richard Head. 


T' IS Author, born in Treland of Engliſh Parents, his Father 
was a Mimſter,. and murdered in the Maflacree 1641. He had 
a little ſmattering of the Univerſity of Oxon, but was ſoon remo- 
ved to a Book-ſelley in St. Paul's Church- Yard, London, He writ 
one Play, calld, | 
Hic oy Ubique, or the Humours of Dublin, a Comedy, 4to. 1563. 
Dedicated to. Charles, Duke of Monmouth. He writ the Firſt, and 
moſt of the Third Parts of the Engliſh Rogue, The Art of Wheedling, 
ev. The Complaiſant Companion, 12mo. Venus's Cabinet unlock'd, 
1210. with ſeyeral other ſmall Treatiſes. 


William Hemmings, 


A Author, of whom I can only ſay, That he liv'd in the Retgn 
of Charles the Firſt, was Maſter of Arts of Oxford, and he 
writ Two Plays, viz. 

Fatal Contra, a Tragedy, 4to. 1653. Aﬀted by her Majeſty's 
Servants, and Dedicated to the Right Honourable, 7ames, Earl of 
Northampton, and to Iſabella, his Vertuous Counteſs. Since the Re- 
ſtauration of King Charles the Second, it has been twice reviv'd, 
firſt under the Title of Love and Revenge, with little Alterations; 
and about Ten Years ago, under the Title of the Eunuch, For the 
Plot, conſult Gregnrie de Tours, lib; 4, 5, xc. Aimion, Valois, De Ser- 
yes, Mezeray, &c. mn the Reigns of Chilperic the Firſt, and Clo- 
taair the Second. 


7ews 


Known AUTHORS. H 69 
Fews Tragedy, a Tragedy, Printed” 49. 1652, For the Plot, 
conſult Foſephus's Hiſtory of the _ Book 6, and 7. where you 
may find the fatal Overthrow. by Veſpaſian and Tits his Son, 
agreeable to that famous Hiſtory by 7oſephus, Printed 4to. 1652. 


Jaſper Heywood. 


ON of John Heywood, firſt of Merton, and then of All-Souls- 

College, Oxon, which he left for St. Omers, where he prov'd a 
zealous Biggotted Feſuzt, and the firſt that ſeminary ſent for Eng- 
land : ſome ſay he was (a) Hanged; others, That he was, with 
Seventy more, of that and other Orders, taken the Year 1585. 
and (b) ſent away beyond Sea. While he was of Oxford, he tranfla- 
ted Three of Seneca's Plays, (viz.) | 

Hercules Furens, a Tragedy, 4to. Compare this with a Tragedy 
of Euripides, bearing the ſame Title. 

Thyeſles, a Tragedy 4te. which cur Author tranſlated, whilſt he 
was of All-Souls, in Oxon ; he has added a Scene at the End of 
the Fifth AQ. 

Treas, a Tragedy, 4to. Farnaby tiles this, a Divine Tragedy, and 
highly commends it; Dan. Heinſuzs alſo commends and prefers it 
before the Troades of Euripides. 

Theſe Three Tragedies, tranſlated by our Author from Seneca, 
are printed together in a Black Lettcr, 4to. 1581. 


John Heywood. 


Þ* THER of the foregoing Poet, and liv'd in the Reigns of 
Edward the Sixth, and Quecen Mary the Firſt, at North- Mims, 
in Hertfordſhire, was Sir Th. More's Neighbour, and in Favcur with 
Queen Mary ; after whoſe Death, flying for Religion, he died at 
Mechlem, 1556. was one of our firſt Dramatick Writers ; and, 
tho' a Papiſt, ſevere on their Regular Clergy, as they call 'em. 

Four P's, an Interlude, 4ts. j 

A Play between John the Husband an Tb his Wite. 

A Play between the Pardoner, the Fryar, the Curate and Neigh- 
bour Prat. 

A Play of Gentleneſs and Nobility, Two Parts. 

A Play of Love.. . 

A Play of the Weather, ſtyl'd, 4 new and wery.merry Interlude 
of all manner of Weathers, Fol. 1533. ; : 


I cs 


(a) Fuller's Worthies, P« 222: (b) Baker's Chrc. Reign of Queen 
Eliz. p. 364: | 
; | F 3 Theſe 


20 Known AUTHORS. H 


Theſe being ſome of the firſt Plays appeared in our Engliſh Lan- 
guaze, nothing in Commendation will be expetted of them. This 
Author writ Two or Three Books of Eprigrams, -Publiſh'd in 4#9. 
alſo a Book called Monumenta Literaria. "4 


Thomas Heywood. 


TJ? IS Author was both Aﬀor and Poet, liv'd in the Reign of 
Queen'Zlizabeth, and King James I. He writ, orhad affiſted 
in compoſing Two Hundred and Twenty Plays, of which there 
are but Twenty Five remain entire. (a) Mr. Langbain ſets up 
for a Vindication of this Author, in the ſame Book that he con- 
demns Mr. Dryden, which indeed is enough to render his Judgment 
very much ſuſpe&ted, and that the Variety of Plays he had read, 
either corrupted his Taſte, or elſe that he never had any. | 
- The Golden Age, or The Lives of Fupiter and Saturn, &c. 4to. 
1517, Atﬀed at the Red Bull, by the Queen's Majeſty's Servants. 
See Galtruchizs's Poetical Hiſt. Rofi's Miſtagogus Poeticus 5 Hollyoak, 
Littleton, and other Di&tonaries. 
The Silver Age, a Kiſtory, 4to. 1613. See Plautus, Ovid's Me- 
tamorph. ib. 3. and other Poetical Hiſt. 

Brazen Age, a Riſtory, 470. 1513. See Ovid's Metamorph. bh. 
4, 7, 8, and 9. | 

Iron Age, Part I. a Hiſtory, 4to. 1532. For the Plot, gyc. ſee 
Virgil, Hemer, Lucian, Owid, &c. 

Iron Age, Part II. 4to. 1632, For the Plot, conſult the ſame 
Authors before mentioned. | | 
. A Challenge fer Beauty, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1536, Atted at 
the Black-Fryars, and at the Globe on the Bank Side, by his Maje- 
Iity's Servants. - 

" The Dutcheſs of Suffolk, her Life, a Hiſtory, 4to 1631. Adteg 
thea with good Applauſe. For the Plot, fee Fox's Martyrology, 
Ar, Dom. 1558. and Clark's Mart yrology, pag. 521. | 

Edward the Frurth, Two Parts, a Hiſtory, 4to. 16 . See the 
Story hereof, in the Chronicles of Hollingſhead, Speed, .Du Cheſne, 

= * X P F - 

The Engliſh Traveller, a Tragi Comidy, 4to. 1633. Atﬀted at the 
Cock-PY in Drury-Lane, by her Majeſty's Servants. Both Plot and 
Languageof Lymel and Reignald, ſtollen from Plautus's Moſtellaria. 
See the Story of Wincote, Geraldine, and Dalavil, in the Hiſtory 9 
Women, by this Author, where he affirms the ſaid Stories at large 
to be true, +: FIN yoga CAD 


hea "IO 


» 


(a) Langbim's Account of the Dram. Poets, p. 258, . 


S —_ wy 


Known AUTHORS. H 71 


Fair Maid of the Exchange, a-Comedy, 4t0.1537. wherein are rela- 
ted the pleaſant Paſſages, and merry Humours of the Cripple of 
Fanchurch. Mr. Kirkman, and others, reckon this Play to our Au- 
thor; but Mr. Langbain makes a Queſtion thereof, fince his Name 
is not prefixt; nor, ſays he, the Stile and Oeconumy does not re- 
ſemble the reſt of his Labours. 

Fair Maid of the Weſt, or, A Girl worthGold, a Tragi-Comedy, 
Part I. 4to. 1631. Adted before the King and Queen, by her Ma- 
jeſty's Servants. 

Fair Maid of the Weſt, or, A Girl worth Gold, Part II. 4to. 1631. 
Ated likewile before the King and Queen, by her Majeſty's Ser- 
vants. Both theſe Plays had, in thoſe Times, good Repute; and 
afterwards ſerv'd for the Subje& of a Romance, called, The Engl:ſh 
Lover, writ by Fohn Dancer, one of our foregoing Authors. 

Fortune by Land and Sea, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1655. Atted by 
the Queen's Majeſty's Servants, with good Applauſe. Our Auznor 
was join'd, in compoſing this Play, by William Rowley, hereafter 

mentioned. 
' Four London Prentices, with the Conqueſts of Jeruſalem, Hiſtory, 
4to. 1635, Atted at the Red Bul!, by the Queen's Servants. Foun- 
ded on Godfrey of Bulloign. See Taſſo, Fuller's Hiſt. of the Holy War, 
and Dr. Nalſon's Hiſtory of the Craſaide. 

If you know not me, you know no body, or, The Troubles of Queen + 
Elizabeth, in Two Parts, 4to. 1623, Plot from Cambden's Hiſtory 
of Queen Elizabeth, alſo Speed, and other our Engliſh Chronicles in 

er Reign. 
The Lncaltive Witches, 4to. London, 16 . See this Story 1n 
Verſe, in a large Volume of the ſame Author, called, The Hterar- 
chy of Angels, Fol. lib. 8. 

Love's Miftriſs, or, The Queen's Mash, 4to. 1640. Aﬀted before 
their Majeſties, and divers Ambaſladors, at the Phenix in Drury- 
Lane. Plot from Apuleis's Golden Afi, ato. 

Maiden-head, well loſt, A Comedr, 4to. 1634. AQted by her 
Majeſty's Servants in Drury-Lane, with good Applauſe. 

Rape of Lucrece, a Tragedy, 4to. 1538. Aﬀed_ at the Red Bull, 
Plot from Tit. Livixs, dec. 1. cap. 58, (Fc. 

Robert, Earl of Huntingdon's Down-fall, a Hiſtory, 4to. 150T. 
ARed by the Earl 'of Nottingham, Lord High Admixal of England's 
Servants, Plot from Stow, Speed, and Baker's Chronicles, in the 
Life of King Richard the Firſt; Faller's Worthies 10 the Account of 
Nottinghamſhire. wa ; 

Robert, Earl of Huntingdon's Death, a Tragedy, 4to. 1601. This 
Earl was uſually called, Robin Hd, of merry Sherwood, Plot from 
the aforeſaid Engliſh Chronicles. 


| 


| Langbain's Account of Dramatick Poets. p. 263. 
> FS : Ry# 


72 Kwon AUTHORS. H 

Royal King, and Loyal SubjeA, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1627. AQ- 
ed by the Queens Servants, with good Applauſe. Compare this 
with the Loyal Subje#, writ by Beaumont and Fletcher. 


Wiſe Woman of Hogsden, a Comedy, 4to, 1638. often times A_ 
ed with good Applauſe. 


Woman KilP'd with Kindneſs, a Comedy. 4to. 1517. Aded by 


the Queen's Servants, with good Applauſe. 

Our Author has Publiſhed ſeveral other Pieces,in Verſe and Proſe, 
as The Hierarchy of Angels, Fol. The Life and Troubles of Queen Eli- 
zabeth, 80. Toe Lives of Nine Women Worthies, 4tn. The General 
Hiſtory of Women, 8v0. An Apology for Adors, 4to. and Pleaſant 
_ Dialogues and Drama's 80. | 


Henry Higden, Eſq; 


Know not whether this Gentleman be yet living or not ; but he 
was a Barriſter of the Honourable Society of the Middle Temple : 
A Perſon known to 211 the converſable part of the Town, for his 
Pleaſant and Facetious Company; and allow'd to bea Man of Wit, 
tho' it were to be wiſh'd he had not Publiſh'd his Play of 
The wary Widdow, or, Sir Noiſy Parrat, a Comedy, 4to. Aﬀted at 
the Theatre Royal, by their Majeſties Servants, 1693. and Dedi- 
cated to the Right Honoureble, Charles, Earl of Dorſet and Middle- 
ſex, Fc. The ill Succeſs of this Play, the Author gives us1n the 
Preface , which complains of the ungenerous Uſage the Bear- 
garden Criticks gave it with Catcalls, gc. which, how ſhort ſoever 
it may be of what might be expefted from ſo celebrated a Wit, 
as Mr. Higden was eſteemed, it could never deſerve; fince Sir 
Charles Sidley could think it worthy a Prologue of his making. Tis 
uſher'd into the World by Five Copies of Engliſh Verſe, and One 
of Latin. — 


Barton Holyday. 


H* was born in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, in All-Sarnts 
Pariſh in Oxon; his Coufin, Dr. Ravis, early centred, and 
choſe him Student of Chriſt-Church ; after his Degrees of Batche- 
lor and Maſter of Arts, was made Archdeacon of Oxonſhire, died 


1661. at Eifly, near Oxon, and was buried at Chriſt-Church in Oxon. + 


He writ One Play, under the Title of 


TEXNOTAMIAy Or, The Marriage of the Arts, -a Comedy, 4to. . 
1530. Aced by the Students of Chriſt-Church, aforeſaid, at Shrove-  , 


tide. This Play was then in good Eſteem.' He hath written.divers 
Pieces, as his Tranſlation of the Satyrs of Fuvenal and Por 
®. | © +2 , B [4440 & y | , - WI1 


Vi 


Le 


RB TFOEQI>SODPp=>DmMDb1MECS <1 


Knows AUTHORS. H 73 
with Notes and Sculptures, Fol.. A Verſion of the Odes gf Horrace; 
divers Sermons, 4to, and Two Tratts jn Latjn. 


Charles Hool. 


mHIS Gentleman liv'd in the Reigns of the Two Charles's, being 
T born at Wakefield, in Tork-ſhire, was entred at Lincoln-College 
in Oxen, at Eighteen, and afterwards taking his Maſter's Degree, 
he taught School at theſe ſeveral Places (viz.) Rotheram 1n York-- 
ſhire, Red-Croſs-Street, and ' Arundel-Buildings, in London. And, 
after the King's Reſtauration, in Wales, he tranſlated 

 ,Terrence's Comedies, in all, Six, 80. 1676, Printed in Engliſh 
and Latin, for the uſe of Young Schollars, in many Places Caſtra- 
ted. 

He hath tranſlated divers other things, as #ſop's Fables, Corde- 
rin, Cato, Comenii Orbis Pitts, (xc. He has alſo. Publiſhd a 
Grammar, an Explanation of the Accidence, and' a Greek Teſta- 
ment. with Themes in the Margin, 9c. 


Charles Hopkins. 
»*&..To thre »is now living, hi 
A ef Fora pion Pea 


ather- pvas t 
eminently Leerne@an Ann) min 
of London-Derry, 1n the Kingdom of Ireland. Ou was borg. 
in Dewnſhire, but carried, when a Child, to his Father's See; and 
when he had paſt his Childhood under ſo good a Father, he remo- 
ved firſt to Dublin-College, and thence to Cambridge ; whence he 
went to the Wars of Ireland, and having there exerted his early 
Valor, in fo Glorious a Cauſe as that of his Country, Religion, 
and Liberty, he returned to England, and made London his Aboad; 
where he fell into the Acquaintance of Gentlemen of the beſt Wit, 
and Parts, whoſe Age and Genius. were moſt agreeable to his own. 
He is one of thoſe whois, beyond Controverſy, borna Poet, which 

& he has ſhown in all the Pieces he has already Publiſh'd ; the Sweet- 
neſs of his Numbers, and Eafineſs of his Thoughts, in the ſeveral 
Copies of Verſes he has Publiſh'd, particularly his Tranſlations out 
6f Ovid, Printed for Mr. Tonſon, ſhew him born to tranſlate that 
Author ; for, if that Opinion of Pythagoras were true, we ſhould 
conclude, the Soul of the tender Najo, were tranſmigrated into 
Mr. Hopbins : All the other Tranflators'of that Poet, have loft his 

FJ Genius, his Verfification and Softneſs. But the Occafion of his 
| ing mentioned here is, his having Pabliſh'd Two Plays, with ditf- 
ſcrent Succeſs, | 


Boadiced, 


” OOCOIIOmTOo So - OTS oo ey_—_— 7 —— - "0 4 


R! 


,In Little Lincolns-Inn- Fields, by his Majeſty's Servants, 1595. 4f. 


«v mals 
Mm {rernek 


74 Knows AUTHORS H 


Boadicea, Queen of Britain, a Tragedy, Aﬀed at the Theatre in 
Lincolns-Inn-Fields, 1697. 4to. and Dedicated, in Verſe, to Mr, 
Congreve. This Play met with great Applauſe, pleaſing both the 
Ladies and Gentlemen ; and indeed, beſides the peculiar Sweetneſs 
of his Numbers, for it is written in Heroick Verſe, he has in this 
Play touch'd the Paſſions, and the Firſt Scene of the Fourth AR, 
betwixt Caſſibe/lan and Camilla, where ſhe diſcovers her Rape, i 
moſt Maſterly perform'd. The Story is the ſame with Bonduca, ſhe 
being ſometimes called, Boadicea, and ſometimes Bonduca. You 
may read of her in the Fourteenth Book of Tacitus's Annals, t 
Second Book of Milton's Hiſtory of England, the Seventh Page of 
Ubaldino de cita delle danne illuſtri del Regno d' Ingelterra (& Scotia 
and Mr. TyrrelPs Hiſtory of England, lately Publiſh'd, Vol. 1. 

Pyrrhis, King of Epirzs, a Tragedy, Aﬀted at the new Theatre, 


and Dedicated to his illuſtrious Highneſs, the Duke of &6louceſter, 
This was ourAuthor's Firſt Play,in which there is a great deal that 
ſhews him a Poet, but not enough, it ſeems, to gain 1t that Suc- 
ceſs which he deſired : He was very Young when it was writ, andy ! 
therefore may be well excus'd for wanting that Correttneſs, whichy 
a more Mature Author, perhaps, wou'd have obſerv'd. The Hifto-J | 
ry of Pyrrhus is to be found in Livy, Booh Plutarch, in the Life 


of that King, Luci Fiorus, (oc. by LL F 


Werriour, a Tragay 
| © rr to the Right Honourable, Sir Robert Howard, and of the 


Edward Howard, Eſq; 

Noble Family of Berk-ſhtre, 'tis to be wiſh'd, that his Friends 
cou'd either have prevail'd with him to have Publiſh'd none of his 
Poetry, or have been lefs ſevere upon him, he has Four Plays inf 
Print, viz. | 

” Man of Ner--Market, a Comedy, 4to. 1578. Aﬀed at the The} * 
atre Royal, but with little Applauſe. 1. 
Six Days Adventure, a Comedy, 4to. 1571, Adtted at the Dukeſj - 
of Tork's Theatre, in Dorſet-Garden, This Play met with no good] * 
Succeſs. | 
The Uſurper, a Tragedy, 4to. 1658. Ated at the Theatre Royal | 
by his Majeſty's Servants. F: 
Woman's Conqueſt, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1677, Add by thelſ | 
Duke of York's Servants, in Dorſet-Garden. This Author has writ 
ten Two Books of Poetry, in 8v9. One call'd, Tn? Britiſh Princeſs; 
the other, Poems and Eſſays, with a Paraphraſe on Cicero's Loli | = 
Priated 1675, | 


Fame; 


(8) 


Knows AUTHORS. H 


James Howard, Eſq; 


Gentleman of the Noble Family of the Howards, that has 
Two Plays in Print, under the Titles of 

* All Miſtaken, or, The Mad Couple, a Comedy, 4to. 1672. Aﬀed 
at the Theatre Royal, by his Majeſty's Servants. 

Engliſh Monſieur, a Comedy, 4to. 1674. Adﬀed at the Theatre 


© Royal, by his Majeſty's Servants. Theſe Two Plays met with 
ſomewhat better Succeſs than thoſe of the beforegoing Author. 


Sir Robert Howard. 


THIS Honourable Perſon is Brother to the above mentioned 

Mr. Edward Howard, and to the Ear! of Berks, who has long 
fince quitted the barren Fields of Poetry, for the more advantagi- 
ous Poſt of the State, in which he has, for many Years, made a 
conſiderable Figure, being Auditor ,of the Exchequer, gyc. 
I have not the Honour to ſay much of my own Knowledge of him, 
but I am told, that it is no ſmall Part of his CharaQer, to be a Pa- 
tron and Encourager of Learning; which is a peculiar Merit, in an 
Age when the ſelfiſh Vices of the trading Part of the Nation, are 
vot inte the firſt Ranks of Men, who will not be ſo expenſive, 
to keep a Creature meerly for 1ts Wit, as Mr. Prior ſays of one. 
He has writ theſe Six following Plays, 'viz. 

The Blind Lady, a Comedy, 8w. This is uſually bound 

with divers other Poems of his, and are Re-printed, or at leaſt, a 
new Title Printed, 1696. 
' The Committee, a Comedy, Fol. 1655. This is eſteemed an ex- 
cellent Play, and often times Aﬀed in theſe Times. Y 
' The Great Fawurite, or, The Duke of Lerma, a Tragi-Coredy, 
4to. 1688. ARted at the Theatre Royal, by his Majeſty's Servants. 
See Mariana, Turquet, De Mayern, (5c. 

The Indian Queen, a Tragedy, Fol. 1665. This Play 1s writ in 
Heroick Verſe, and Palins Aded with general Applauſe, at the 
Theatre Royal, but now turn'd into an Opera, and many times of 
hte repreſented at the ſame Theatre, with the like Succeſs. 

The Surpriſal, a Tragi-Comedy, Fl. 1665. This was formerly 
Ated at the ſame Theatre, by his Majeſty's Servants. 

' ThelVeſtal Virgin, or, the Roman Ladies, a Tragedy, Rl. Aﬀed 
alſo at the ſame Place, and by the ſame Actors, but not of late 
Years. This Play has a double Fifth A&, one ending Tragically, 
the other Succesfully, Four of his above Plays, are Printed toge- 
ther Fel, ' F | : 
TINET Zames 


Known AUTHORS. I 


James Howel, Eſq; 


Gentleman born at Abermarlis, in Caermarthenſhire, in South- 
A Wales, 1594. the Seat now of a worthy Gentleman of the 
Noble Name and Family of Cornwall, he was at Sixteen ſent from 
Hereford-School, to Feſus-College, Oxon, In the Year 1618. he was 
ſent beyond Sea, by Sir Robert Manſel; he travelled the Low Conn- 
tries from Italy, (4c. was employed by King James, in Negotiati- 
ons in Spain ; was Secretary to the Lord &croop, when he was Pre- 
fident of the North, (9c. He writ and tranſlated Nine and Forty 


| Books: Hedied about the Beginning of November, 1656. and lies 


buried on the North Side of the Temple-Church, with this Inſcrip- 
tion over him on the Wall; Facobus Howel, Cambro Britanns, 
Regins Hiſtoriographus, in Anglia primus ;, qui poſt varias peregrinati- 
ones, tandem Nature Curſum peregit, Satur Annorum, (fy fame Ds- 
mi, foriſq; huc uſq, erraticus, hic fixus, 1656, He writ One Play, 
called, 

The Nuptials of Peleus and Thetis, a Maſque and Comedy, 4to, 
1654. Aded at Par, by the French King, Duke of York , Duke 
of Anjou, Henrietta Maria, Princeſs of Conti, with others of the 
Nobility there. The Author tranſlated it from an Italian Comedy, 
The Plot is taken from Ovid's Metamorph, Lib. 11. aud Catulli Ar- 
gonoutica froue Epithalamium. 


| 
Thomas Tevorn. 


vity, livd in the Time of Charles and James the Second, 
wnit one Play, intituled, 

The Devil of a Wife, or, The Comical Transformation, a Farce, 
40. 1686, Adted by their Majeſties Servants, at the Queens Thea- 
tre Dorſet-Garden, Taken from the Story of Mopſa in Sir Phil:p 
S$1dney's Arcadia, | 


J \ Dancing-Maſter and Player, was a Man of uncommon ARi- 


Thymas 


Knows AUTHORS. 1 


Thomas Ingeland. 


E was of Cambridge, in Queen Elizabeth's Reign, writ a Play, 
H intituled, | 

The Diſobedient Child, 4to. which he calls, 4 Pretty Merry In- 
terlude. 'Tis Printed in an old Black Letter, ſo long fince, that - 
it had not any Date of the Year. 


W7 w# TX $8 


Benjamin Johnſon. 


| Eftminſter gave him Birth, and the Firſt Rudiments of his 
; W Learning, under My. Cambden ; which St. John's-College of 
" RCambridge, and Chriſt-Church of Oxon: finiſh'd, where he took his 
» Eaſter of Arts Degree ; Neceſſity drove him thence, to follow his 
Father-in-Law's Trade of a Bricklayer, working at Lincolns-Inn, 
with a Trowel in his Hand, and Horace in his Pocket, he found a 
Patron that ſet him free from that Slaviſh Employment. He was 
of an open, free Temper ; blunt and haughty to his Antagoniſts and 
Criticks ; a Jovial and Pleaſant Companion; . was Poet Laureat to 
ames and Charles the Firſt. He died in the Sixty Third 
ear of his Age, An. Dom. 1637. and. is buried ih Weſtminſter- 
(bby, near the Belfry, with only this Epitaph : | 


O RARE BEN: FO HNSON. 


His Dramatick Pieces, about Fifty in Number, follow : 

The Alchymift, a Comedy, Ated by the King's Majeſty's Servants, 
rſt, 1610. and afterwards printed, viz. 1640. and 1692. 
Bartholomew- Fair, a Comedy, Fol. 1640. and 1692. Adted firſt 
the Hope, on the Bank-ſide, 1614. by the Lady Elizabeth's Ser- 
nts, and Dedicated to King Fames the Firſt ; and ARed with 
ood Applauſe, ſince King Charles the Second's Reſtauration. 
Cateline his Conſpiracy, a Tragedy, Fol. 1640. and 1692. and 
L4to. 15 . Aced firſt by the King's Majeſty's Servants, 1617. 
nd ſometimes fince the Reſtauration, with good Applauſe. Is 
tedicated to William, then Earl of Pembrock. Plot from Saluſt. 
Wt. Plutarch in Vit. Cic. 
——- Tilt, at a Marriage, a Maſque, Fl. 1640. and 
92. 

Chriſtmas's Maſque, Fol. 1640, and 1592. This was firſt Preſent- 
g at Court, 1616, 


4a uw 


Cloridta, 


78 Known AUTHORS. I 


Cloridia, or, Rites to Cloris, a Maſquie, Fol. 1692. preſented 
by the Queen's Majeſty, and her Ladies at Court, at Shrovetide, 
1630. Mr. Inigo Fones affiſted in the Invention hereof. 

Cynthia's Revels, or; the Fountain of Self-Love; a Comedy, Rl. 
1640. and 1692. Aded by the Children of Queen Elizabeth's 
Chappel. 1600. | 

Devil's an Aſs, a Comedy, Fol. 1641. and 1692. Aﬀed by his 
Majeſty's Servants, 1616. See Boccace's Novels, Day 3 
Nov. 5. 

Entertainment at King James the Firſt his Coronation. Fol. 1692. 
This contains only Gratulatory Speeches at the ſaid Coronation, with 
a Comment by the Author to illuſtrate the ſame. 

Entertainment of King James and Queen Ann, at Theobalds, Fol 
1640. and 1692. 

Entertainment cf the King of England, and the King of Denmark, 
at Theobalds, Fuly 24. 1606. Fol. 1640. and 1692. 

Entertainment of the King and Queen on: May-Day, at Sir Wil 
liam Cornwallis's Houſe at High-gate, 1604. Fol. 1640. ard 
1692. 

Entertginment of the Queen and Prince at Althrop ; this was the 
25th of Zune, 1603. at the Lord Spencer's Houſe there, at thel 
coming Firſt into the Kingdom. Fol. 1640. and 1692. 

Every Man in hs Humour, a Comedy, Fel. 1640. and 169 
Aded firſt in the Year 1598. by the then Lord Chamberlam's Set 
vants, and Dedicated to Mr. Cambden, Clarenceux. It has been r 
vivd and Acted fince the Reſtauration, with good Applauſe, and 
a new * Epilogue writ for the ſame, part of it ſpoken by B 
| Johnſon's Ghoſt. 

Every Man out of his Humour, a Comedy, Fol. 1640. and 169 
Aced by the then Lord Chamberlain's Servants. This was alſo 
vived and Acted at the Theatre Royal, 1675. with a new Ff Pr 
logue and Epilogue, writ by Mr. Duffet, and ſpoken by oe 
Haynes. 

Fortunate Iſles, a Maſque, Fol. 1641. and 1692. deſign'd for th 
Court on Twelfth Night, 1626. 

' Golden Age Reſtored, a Maſque, Fol. 1641. and 1692. This w 
preſented at Court by the Lords and Gentlemen, the King's Servant 
1626. CT 

Hymnei, or, The Solemmities of a Maſque and Barriers at a Ma 
riage, Fil. 1692. See the Learned Marginal Notes, for the 
ſtration of the Greek and Roman Cuſtoms. 


* Colleion of Poems on ſeveral Occaſions, 8yo. 1673. pag. 2 
+ Dutfet's Poems, 8yo, pag. 72. 


fri 


| 


4 


oY Kwwn AUTHORS. I 59 


» Iriſh Maſque at Court Fol. 1692. preſented at Court by Gentle- 
'| men, the Kings Servants. 

11, © King's Entertainment, at Welbeck,, in Nettinghamſhire, Fol. 1692. 

y hag + "= ws was at the then Earl, ſince Duke of Newcaſtle's 

Houle, 1633, 

Love freed from Ignorance and Folly, a Maſque, Fol. 1692. 

Love Reſtored, a Maſque, Fol. 1692. preſented at Court by Gen- 
tleman the King's Servants. 
al Cove's Triumph thro' Callipolis, a Maſque Fol. 1692. perform'd 
| at Court wy his late Majeſty King Charles the Firſt, with the Lords 

and Gentlemen aſſiſting, 1630. Mr. Johnſon and Mr. Inzgo Jones 
join'd in the Invention. 

Love's Welcome, an Entertainment for the King and Queen, at 
the then Earl of Newcaſtle's at Bolſover, 1634. and Printed Fol. 
1692, ; 

Magnetick Lady, or, Humours Reconciled, a Comedy, Fol.1640. and 
1692.Aded at theBlach Fryars.ThisPlay occaſioned ſome Difference 
or Jarring, between Dr. Gi//, Maſter of Paul's School, and our 
Author, Ben. as appears by a Satyrical Copy of Verſes writ by the 
former, and as ſharp a Repartee by the latter. 

Maſque at the Lord Hadington's Marriage, preſented at Court on 
Shrove-Tueſday-Night, 1608, Printed Fol. $692. 

Maſque of Augurs, Fol. 1692. This was preſented on Twelſth. 
Night, 1622. with ſeveral Anti-maſques. 

Maſque of Owls, at Kenelworth, Fol. 1692, In this Preſenta- 
tion there was the Ghoſt of Captain Cox, mounted on his Hobby- 
Horſe. 

Maſque of Queens, celebrated from the Houſe of Fame, by the 
Queen of Great Britain, with her Ladies, at White-Hall, Feb. 2. 
1609. Fel. 1692. See the Marginal Notes. The Author was af- 
ſiſted by Mr. Inigo Jones, in the Invention and ArchiteRure of the 
Scenes belonging thereto. 

Maſque at the Lord Hayes Houſe, Fol. 1692. This was preſented 
by divers Noblemen, for the Entertainment of Monſieur Le Baron 
de Tour, Ambaſſador Extraordinary from the French King. 1617. 

Metamorphoſed Gipfies, A Maſque, Fol. 1652. preſented to King 
Tames the Firſt, at Burleigh on the Hill, at Belwyr, and at Windſor- 
Caſtle. 1621. ; 

Mercury Vindicated from the Alchymiſts at Court, a Maſque, Fol. 
1692. preſented by Gentlemen, the King's Servants. 

Mortimer's Fall, a Tragedy, Fol. 1640. and 1692. Thus was not 
quite finiſh'd by the Author , but left imperfe&t, by reaſon 
of his Death. | 

Neptune's Triumph for the Return of Albion, a Maſque, FMl. 1692. 
preſented at Court on Fwelfth-Night,. 1624. 


News 


80 Known AUTHORS. I 

News from the New World diſcovered in the Moon, a Maſque, Fol. 
1692. preſented alſo before King James the Firſt, 1620. 

Oberon, the Fairy Prince, a Maſque of Prince Henry's, Fol. 1692. 
The Author has divers Annotations on this Play. 

Pan's Anntverſary, or, The Shepherds Holyday, a Maſque, Fol. 
1692. This was preſented at Court before King 7ames the Firſt. 
Mr. Inigo Jones aſſiſted our Author in the Decorations. | 

Pleaſure reconciled to Vertue, a Maſque, Fol. 1692. This was 
alſo preſented at Court, before King FZames the Firſt, 1619. Here- 
to were ſome Additions for the Honour of Wales. 

Poetaſier, or,” Hus Arraignment, a Comedy, Fol. 1692. Aﬀed by 
the Children of his Majeſty's Chappe), 1601. This Play is adorned 
with ſeveral Tranſlations from the Ancients. See Ovid's Elegies, 
Lib. 1.. Eleg. 15. Horat. Sat. Lib. 2. Sat. 9. and Lib. 2. 
Sat. I, (oc. 4 

Queen's Maſque of Blackneſs, Fol. 1692. This was Perſonated at 
the Court at White-Hall, on the Twelfth-Night, 1505. 

Her Maſque of Beauty, Fol. 1692. This alſo was preſented 
at the ſame Court, at White-Hall, on the Sunday-Night after the 
Twelfth-Night, 1608. | 

Sad Shepherd, or, A Tale of Robin Hood, a Paſtgral, FMl. 16 92. 
=o Play has but Two intire As, finiſh'd, and a Third left 1mper- 
ect, 

Sejanss's Fall, a Tragedy, Fol. 1692. firſt Ated by the King's 
Majeſties Servants, 1503. Plot from Tacitus, Suetonius, Seneca, 
7c. There is an Editien of this Play 4to. x605. by the Author's 
own Orders, with all the Quotations from whence he borrowed any 
thing of his Play. | 
Silent Woman, a Comedy, fol. 1632. Aﬀed Firſt by the Children 
of her Majeſty's Revels, 1509. Ac I. Scene I. borrowed from Ovid 
de Arte Amandi : AQ. II; Scene II,, Part from Juvenal, Sat. 6. 
A@II. Scene V. from Plaut Auricular, A 3. Scene 5, fyc. This 
Play has been in good Eſteem, and for a farther Commendation 
you are refer'd to Mr. Dryden's Examen. 

Speeches at Prince Henry's Barriers, Fol. 1692. Theſe are indeed 
Printed among his Mafques, but cannot be accounted one; only 
reckoned fo in former Catalogues. : 

Staple of News, a Comedy, Fol. 1692. Aﬀed by his Majeſty's 
Servants. In this Play Four Goffips appear on the Stage, critici- 
{ing on the ſame, during the whole Aion. | 

Tale of a Tub, a Comedy, Fol. 1692. Tor 

Time windicated to himſelf and his Homrs, a Maſque, Fol. 1692. 
This was preſented at Court on Twelfth-Night, 1623. 


— 


* Dryden's Dramatich Eſſay, page. 80. 


Viſion 


Known AU THORS. 1 8r 


Viſion of Delight, a Maſque, Fol. 1692, This was 4lis preiente 
at Court in Chriſtmas, 1617. | 

Vulpone, or, The Fox, a Comedy, Fol, 1692, Adted by the King's - 
Majeſty's Servants. This is writ'in Imiration of the Comedies of 
the Ancients, ' 

The before mentioned Plays, and other Poems, (9c, were for- 
merly printed together in Two Volumes, Fol. 1540, and 1641hut 
Three ather Plays which are there omitted, are hereunder menti- 
oned, aud may be found inthe late Edition, printed 1692. _ 

The Caſe is Altered, a Comedy, 4to. 1609, and fol. 1692+ This 
was ſundry times Aﬀed by the Children of the Black Fryars. SEC 
Plantus's Comed. oc. | ; 

_ © "The Widow,d Comedy,4to.1652.and fol.1692 Aﬀed at the Private 
Houſe in Black Fryars,by his late Majeſty's Servants, with. good Ap- 
plauſe. Fletcher and Middleton joyn'd with the above Author 1n 
this Play, which has been reviv'd fince the Reſtauration, at the 
King's Houſe, with a new * Prologue and Epilogue, 

The New-Inn, or, The Light Heart, a Comedy, $v0. 16 212 This 
Play ( ays our Author's Title) was never Aded;but moſt negligefitly 
play'd, by ſome of the King's Servants, and more ſqueamiſhly be- 
held, and cenſured by others, the King's Subjefts, 1629, Now at 
laſt ſet at Liberty to the Readers, his Majeſty's Servants and Sub» 
jets, to be judged. | 

Theſe laſt, with all the beforegoing Plays, Maſques and Enter» 
tainments, with an Engliſh Grammar, are now publiſhed together 


in one- large Volume, fol. 1692, 


Tohbn Tones. 


HE .writ, in the Time of King Charles the Firſt, One Play, 
q \ call'd, | 

' Adraſta, or, The Woman's Spleen and Loves Conqueſt, a Tragi- 
Comedy, 4t%. 1635. Part of it from Boccace's Novels, Day 8+ Nav. Q. 


Thomas Jordan, 


A Player and Poet of King Charles the Firſt his Reign, who writ 
and publiſhed One Maſque and Two Comedies ; viz, 

Farcies Feſtivals, a Maſque, 4to. 16 , 

Money's an Aſi, a Comedy, 4to. 1668. 

The Walks of Iſlington and Hogsdon, with the Humonrs of Woed- 
reet-Compter; a Comedy, 4to. 1657. This Play had gaod Succeſs, 
it being ARed Ni Days ſucceſſively. be bot 


>—m— 
% 


% 
— *” wr ” 


William 


rr rm mmmmmmnmnnn—_ 
* London Drollery, pag.. 11. 1% 


, > rg. 
” 
— 


- - —_  _ 
WP—_y  w_w_— wm A og —_—_— —— ——————— ——_————— id 


| bus Appreheiiſion-of the Revolution. + He has one Play in Print, 
alle; 99410. 2 og 


t 


$2 Knows AUTHORS. .K 


William Toner. 


HIS Gentleman was: born in Oxenſbire, ſometime Fellow of 
« Magdalen-College; which, with his Religion, he quitted, till 
in King Zames's Time he was again re-placed in the ſame College, 
with the other Popiſh Fellows; 'who were all, ſoon after diſplaced, 


The Roman Empreſs, a Tragedy, 4to. 1671. Adted at the Theatre 
Royal, by his Majeſty's:Servants, and degicated to Sir Charles Sid- 
ley. | For the Plot, conſult Zoſomi Hiftor. ,* Mr. Langbain ſuppoſes 
this to be the' Story of Conſtantine, and his Wife and Son, Cr:ſpin 
and Fauſling. The Author has imitated Oedipus and Hippolitug. . 


——_——_ 
— 


—— 
— 


K 


 _—— 


Henry Kiltegrew. 


| Perſon of eminent Wit in-K.Charles the Firſt's Time,he writ 
A a Play at Seventeen Years of Ape, call'd firſt, 

The Conſpiracy, a Tragedy, \*p 1638. Afterwards alter'd, 
under the Name of Pallantus and Eudora,a Tragedy, Fol. 1653. This 
Play was firſt Acted at the Black Fryars,with Applauſe,and the firſt 
Impreffion Printed without the Author's Conſent, whilſt beyond 
Sea, which occaſion'd afterwards a new Impreſſion with a new Ti- 
tle. At the firſt Acting of the aforegoing Play, it met with fog 
few Cavillers againſt ſome part thereof ; but that was ſoon ove 
when Ben. Johnſon, and the Lord Viſcount Falkland gave it ano 
ther Encomium. ot © | 


The.  Kilkerew, 


Gentleman of a good Family, and a celebrated Wit in 

A Keigns of the Two K. Charles's ; he was Page of Honour tt 
the Firſt, and Groom of the Bed-Chamber to the Second : during 
the King's Exile, he ſaw France, Italy, 'and Spain ; was reſident a 


je IT 


* Langbain's Dram, Poets, Page 308, 
Ma arts © LOO I HS, Fa Figs "enact 


Known AUTHORS: K 82 
Venice 1651. In his Baniſhment he writ moſt of theſe Plays, 
and died ſeveral Years after the Reſtauration. - 

Bellamira, her Dream ; or, Love of Shadows, in Two Parts, a 
Tragedy, fol. written at Venice, and the firſt dedicated to the then 
Dutcheſs of Richmond and Lenox, and the fecond to her Siſter, 4nn 
Villiers, then Counteſs of Eſſex. ; 

Cicilia and Clorinda ; or, Zove in Arms, in Two Parts, a Tragi- 
Comedy, fol. the firſt writ at Turin, the ſecond at Florence.. T 
Scene betwixt Amadeo, Ducizs, and Manlins,” ſeem copied from 
Aglatidas, Artabes, and Megabiſes, in the Grand Cyrus, Part 1. 
Lib. 3. Story of Aglatidas and Ameſtris. 

Claracilla, a Tragi-Comedy, fol.. written at Rome, and dedica- 
ted to the Lady Shannon, ES 

The Parſon's Wedding, a Comedy, fol. writ at Baxil in Switzer- 
land, The chiefeſt Incidents in this Play, are to be found in for- 
mer Plays; as the Antiquary, Ram- Alley, (5c. 

The Pilgrim, a Tragedy, fol. writ whilſt at Paris, and dedica- 
ted to the Counteſs of Carnarvan. 

The Princeſs ;, or, Love at firſt Sight, a Tragi-Comedy, fol. writ 
at Naples, and dedicated to the Lady Lovelace, his Niece. 

The Priſoners, a Tragi-Comedy, fol, writ at London, and dedica- 
ted to the Lady Compton, another of his Nieces. 

Thomaſo; or, The Wanderer, in Two Parts, a Comedy, fot. The 
Author has here borrowed, not only a Story from Fletcher's Cap: 
tain, but ſeveral things from Fohnſon's Fox. 

The above named Plays, belonging to this Author, areall printed 
in one Volume, Fol. 1664. 


Sir William Killegrew. 


A Gentleman lately deceafed, being in his Life time Vice-Cham- 
berlain to the Queen Dowager, and has writ ſeveral Plays; 
as ; 


Ormaſdes, a Tragi-Comedy, fol. 
"\\ Pandora; or, The Converts, a Tragi-Comedy, fol, 

Selindra, a Tragi: Comedy, fol. 

The Siege of Urbin, 4 Tragi-Comedy, fol. 

There's another Play aſcrib'd to him, call'd, 
'* The Imperial Tragedy, fol. The chief Part of this Play out of 
Latin, for the Plot fee Marcelinus, Caſſindorws,  Cedrenus, Evagria, 
- Zonatus, Baronius, (yc. of Zeno, the Twelfth Emy*ror from Con- 
ſtantine. 


Theſe Plays are Printed in one Volume, fol. Oxon, 1666. 
G 2 Fohn 


$4 Knwn AUT H ORS. L 


John Kirk. 


T 715 Author we find in the time of the Firſt K. Charles, when 
writ a Play, call'd, | | | $ 
The Seven Champions of Chriſtendom, a Hiſtory, 4to. 1638. Blot 
from the old Hiſtory of the Seven Champions of Chriſtendom, and 
Heylin's Hiſt. of St. George. | 


Ralph Knevet. 


Norfolk Gentleman, of. the ſame time with the former, writ 2 
, Paſtoral repreſented at Norwich, calFd, 
 Rhodon and Tris, a Paſtoral, 4to. 1631. Dedicated to Nicholas 
Bacon, Eſq. h 


# 


Thomas Kyd. 


FT fr Travflator Livd in Queen Elizabeth's Reign, "and Pub- 
liſh'd One Play call'd, 
Pompey the Great, bis Fair Cornelias Tragedy, 4to. 11595. dedi- 
cated to the Counteſs of Suſſex, This he tranſlated from the 
French of Robert Garmer. | 


__ —— x4 — _— — —_ — 


L 
Fohn Lacey. 


| N Excellent Comedian of the. King's Company, -was born 
near Doncaſter in Tork-ſhire, originally -a-Dancing Mafter, 

v of a rare Shape of Body, and good Complexion ; -was a 
Lieutenant -and Quarter er under -Col. Gerrard , after. 
"wards Earl of Macclesfield; he died, Sept. 19.681, King: Charles 
the Secund fancied him 1o-'much, -as to. have his 'Pifture-drawn-in 


Three ſeveral Figures, tin the fame Table, as\Teaguein the Commit- | 


gee, Scruple inthe Cheats, and Gallyard in the Varieties. He was 
not ſatisfied to excel -only-in -Aﬀing, but attempted: theſe Three 
following Plays, or rather, Farces yo which, he added the 
Fart of Sainy the Scot, to the Tamingef the Shrew, '* ©: 

1 2M a AE, fy. © 5 7 AE LELLST e 


<<» 


od MS 8 AER. a 


Known AUTHORS. L 85 


The Dutrh Lady; or, The Farrier made Phyſician, a Comedy, 4to. 
1672. Plot and Language from Mollieres le Medicin Malgve lug. 

The Old Troop or, Monſieur Ragou, 4 Comedy, 4to. 1972; 

Sir Hercules Bufſoon; or, The Poetical Squire, a Comedy, 4to. 
1584; publiſh'd after his Death. 


'F Leanard, 


Plagiary of extraordinary Afurance, that ſet up with other 

A Mens Writings for the Name of an Author. He publiſhed 
Two Plays under theſe Titles, (viz.) ene 

The Country Innocence ; or, The Chamber-maid turti'd*Quaker, a 
Comedy, 4to. 1677. Taken from a Play, call'd, The Country Girl, 
by Brewer. 

The Rambling Fuſtice ;, or, The Jealous Husbands, a Comedy, 4t9. 
1680, Moſt part from a Play, call'd, More Diſſembleys beſides We- 
men, a Comedy, 4to. by Middleton, 


Natz3. Lee; 


\ 


| Att the Account I can give you of out Author, is, That he 


was Son of a Miniſter of the Church of England, had part of 
his Education at Cambridge, was received with general Applauſe 
in moſt of his Plays. He run Mad; and was ſome Years in Beth/em, 
and after he was let bout he was never petfeRtly well ; fo died in 
the Street in the Night Time. That he has ſhewn a Maſter-piece 
in Luci Junizs Brutus, which ſcarce one of his Contemyoraries 
have 'd, and noneexceld, can never be doubted, _ 
| Caſar Borgia, a Tragedy, 4to. 1680. Atted at the Duke's Theatre: 
Guictardine, lib. 's; 6: Mariana, lib. 27, 28. Sir Pavl Ricaut's 
Contin. of Plating, in the Reign of Pope Alexander the Sixth, / 
Conſtantine the Great, a Tragedy, 4to. 1684. Atted at the The- 
atre Royal, by their Majeſty's Servants. Plot from Euſebins de vit4 
Conſtantini, Zonarus, Eutropins, Baronius, Ammianus Marcellinus, 
and Beard's Theatre of God's Judgments. CREE: 
Gloriana, the Court of Auguſtus Ceſay, a Tragedy, 4to. 1675. At 
4 at the Theatre Royal, by their Majeſties- Servants, and dedica- 
ted to the Dutcheſs of Portſmouth. See the Stories of Ceſaris, Mar- 
tellut arid Fulia, in Clenpatra, Part 1. Book 3. Part 5. Book. 
, &c. | | 
, Lutin; Funtus Brutus, Father of his Country, a Tragedy, 4to. t 681; 
Atedat the Duke's Theatre, and dedicated to the Right Honoura- 
le, the Earl of Dorſet and Middleſex. See the Story of Junius 
Brutus in Clelia, a Romance, Par. 2. Book, 1: and Part 3: Book Le 
G 3 And- 


86 Knwn 'AUTHORS. L 
And for the true Hiſtory, eonſult Florus, Livy, Dion, Hallicar, 
Oroſuus, (Fc. 

Maſſacre of Paris, a Tragedy, 4to. 1690.. Aﬀed at the Theatre 
Royal, by their Majeſties. Servants. See Thuanus Pierre Mathieu, 
Davila, Mezeray, (xc. 16 you compare a Play, calld, The Duke of 
_ with this, you may find divers Paſlages there borrowed from 

ERCC. 

Mithridates, King of Pontus, a Tragedy, 4to. 1678, Add at 
the Theatre Royal, by their Majeſties Servants ; and dedicated to 
the Right Honourable, the Earl of Dorſet and Middleſex. Plot from 
Appian, Alexand. Roman Hiſt. Florus, Vell. Paterculus, and Plutarch 
in the Lives of Scylla, Lucullus, Pompey, toc. 

Nero, Emperor of Rome, his. Tragedy, 4to.' 1675. Adted at the 
Theatre Royal, by their Majeſties Servants, and dedicated: to the 
Right Honourable, the Earl of Rocheſter. Plot from Suetonius in 
vita Neronis, Aurelius Vitor, Tacitus Annal. (5c. 

The Princeſs of Cleve, a Tragi-Comedy,' 4to. 1689. Aded at the 
Queen's Theatre in Dorſet Garden; and dedicated to the Right Ho 
nourable, Charles, Earl of Dorſet and Middleſex, Lord Chamber- 
lain of his Majeſty's Houſhold. Founded on a Romance of the 
ſame Title; ſee alſo a Book called, the French Rogue, 8w0. 

The Rival Queens; or, The Death of Alexanger the Great, a Tra- 

edy, 4to. 1677. Adted at the Theatre Royal, by their Majeſtics 
nts; and dedicated to the Right Honourable, John, Earl of 
Mulgrave. Plot from Quint. Curt. Plutarch's Life of Alexander the 
Great, Juflin, Joſephus, 5c. | 
. Sophonisha; or Hannibal's Overthrow, a Tragedy, 4to. 1676, 
Aﬀed at the Theatre Royal, by their Majeſties Servants ; and de- 
dicated to the Dutcheſs of Portſmouth. Plot from Sir Walter 
Raleighs Hiſt. of the World, Book 5. Chap. 3. SeR. 18. Livy, 
Florus, Appian, Diodorus; Polibius, Fuſtin, (5c. 

Theodoſius; or, The Force of Love, a Tragedy, 4to. 1680. Ated 
at the Duke's Theatre, by their Royal Highneſlſes Servants ; and 
dedicated to her Grace, the Dutcheſs of -Richmond. Plot from 
Pharamond, a Romance; Euſeb. Hiſt. Ecclefiaſhca; Varannes; 
Martian, and Theodoſtus. | | 

. Moſt of theſe Plays have been applauded by the SpeRators, and} 
their Worth. acknowledged by Dryden, and other Poets, in divers 
Copies of Verſes before ſome of them. He joined with Ms. 
Dryden, in Two other Plays, wiz. The Duke of Guiſe, 'and Oedipus, 
both Tragedics, for which ſee under Dryden Sentar. 


Zohn 


* 


Known AUTHORS L #7 


John Lilh.. 


'0 NE of the firſt Reformers of our Language, in Queen F/i- 
zabeth's Days ; he was born in ' Kent, 'bred-in Magdalen-Cot- 
lege; Oxon, and there/took his Degree off! Maſter of Arts, 1575. 
The Time of his Death F'know not ; (he has publiſhed theſe Nine 
Alexander and'Campaſpe, a Tragi-Comedy,' 12mo. 1632. . Aﬀed 
ona Twelfth Night, 'before the Queen, by her Majeſty's Children, 
and thoſe of Pauſs, and ſometimes after at Black Fryars.. Plot 
from Pliny's Natural: Hiſt; Lib. 35. Cap. 50. oo 
'Endimion; a Comedy, 1270. 1632+ Preſented alſo before Queen 
Elizabeth, by the ſame Children. :Plot from .Lucian's Dialogue be- 
tween Venus and the Moon, Natales Comes, and Galtruchius's Hift. 
of the Heathen Gods. LG 
Galathea, a Comedy, '12mo. 1632. Preſented likewiſe before 
the Queen at Greenwich, by the Children of Pauls on New-Tear's- 
Day. - See the Story of Tphis and Tanthe, in Ovid Metamorph.; Libs 
9. Tab. 12,'Yyc. < 4: TABS & 
Love's Metamorphoſis, a Paſtoral 4to. 1601. Firſtiplay'd by the 
NO of PauP's, and afterwards by her Majeſty's Children of the 
C I. Yi | 
The Maid's Metamorphoſis, a Comedy. 4to. 1600. Adted ſundry 
times by the Children of Paul's. - © Sd 
Mother Bombie, a pleaſant 'conceited nal ( fays the Title ) 
__ I2m0. 1632. and ſundry times play'd by. the! Children-of 
Paul's. De 
Mydas, a Comedy; 12mo.'1632s This was alſo. play'd before 
the Queen on Twelfth Day at:Night, . Apuleins has writ this Sto 
at large in his Aureus Afmmus.  Seealſo Natales Comes, Galtruchius's 


.. Hiſt. of the Heathen Gods," and Ovid's Metamorph. Libs 11. 


Sapho and Phaon, -a Comedy, 12mo. 1532+: Preſented: before the 
Queen on Shrove Taeſday, and afterwards at the Black. Fryars. Plot 
Ovid Epiſt. 

Woman'in the Moon, a Comedy, 4to. 1667. 

Six of the above Plays are printed together 12m. and publiſhed 
by one Mr.Blount, called Court Comedies ; the other three are printed 
ſingle in 4fo. Mr. Lilly alſo writ a Book called, Euphers ahd his 
England, 4to. at that time much eſteemed. 


G 4 | Temas 


28 Kknwn AUTHORS. L 
Thomas Lodge. 
His Author we find was a Dotor of Phyfick, in the Tint of 
zabeth, who, during his Study: at Cambridge; writ 


". Queen El: 
ſeveral plete of - Poetry ; _ reſt, Two. Plays. 
A Looking-Glaſs for London and England, a Tragedy, 4to. 1598. 


One Green joined with our Author towards c this Play, 
which-is founded on the Story of Fonas and the Ninewites, in the 
Holy Scripture. 


The Wounds of Civil War ; qr, The Tragedies of Marius and Sclla. 


Plot from Plutatch in vit. Mar. & Silla : , ſee alſo Aurelius ViSor, 


Eutropius, Vell. Paterculus, Saluftius, and T. Livins. 


Sir William Lower, 


Cavalier that left theſe Nations during the Civil Wars, and, 
A in Holland, gave himſelf the Diverſion of Poetry; among 
the reſt, ſix Plays. | 

The Amorous Phantaſm,. a Tragi-Comedy,. 12mo., printed at the 
Hague, 1658. tranſlated from Quinault's Le Fantome Amorenz. 
The Inchanted Lovers, a Paſtoral, 12mo. printed alfo at the 
Hague, 1658. _ | 
. "#hratins, a Roman Tragedy, 4to. 14556. , tranſlated from Cor- 
neiHle; conſult Dion. Hallicarnaſceus, Caſſiodorus, T. Livins, and 
. L. Florus. © | 

The Martyr ;; or, Polyeufte, a Tragedy, 4to. 1655. For the Sto- 
ry, ſee Cefſetem Hiſt. Rom. Surius de Vitis Sanforum, (Fc. 

Noble Ingratitude, a Paſtoral Tragi-Comedy, 12m. London, 16 58. 
tranſlate Tom the French of Monficur Quinault, 


Phenix in her Flames, a Tragedy, 4to, 1639. This was the firſt 


. the Author writ, and pu before he was a Knight. 


Thomas Lnpon. 
AFL I know of him is, That 'tis Caid he writ this one Play, 


called, 
All for Money, a Tragedy, 4to. 


M. Lewis 


— 
"a Wo 


FOO TP > MOu,2" 


 , _ Xx w=-_=_ 


L-.) b J Lo kd 


WW 4a 


Knows AUTHORS M 89 


M 


Lewis Macehis. 


—T—\H IS Author lir'd in the Time of King Charles the Firſt, 
| and writ one Play, called, | 
The Dumb Knight, a Comedy, 4to. 1633. Aﬀted by the 
Children of his Majeſty's Revels. Compare this Play with - one 
\ | called, The Queen; or, The Excellency of her Sex : fee alſo, The 
Complaiſant Companion, v0. and 12m. and Bandello's Novels, Tom. 
| 1. Nov. 13, (9c. : | 


Maidwel. 


A Gentleman yet living, who having made it his Bufineſs for 
ſome Years, to educate young Gentlemen, and initiate them 
in the Learned Tongues, hasat length quitted this Ludum Literari- 
wm, for a quiet retreat, during his Application to this Buſineſs, he 
found time to write a Play, called, 

The Loving Enemies, a Comedy, 4to. 1680. Aded at the Duke 
of York's Theatre in Dorſet Garden, and dedicated to the Hogue 
rable, Charles Fox, Eſq; . The Author ſeems to, have imitated the 


Virtoſo, in this Play. 


Dr.. Jaſper Maine. 


| Fils learned Author was * born at a place called, Hatherleigh, 

* a Market Town in Devonſhire, An. Dom 1604. and in the 
. I Time of King Fames the Firſt, paſſed from Weſtminſter-School, to 
Chriſt-Church, Oxon, An. Dom. 1623. in the Condition of a Servi- 
tor, where he was encouraged in his Studies by Dr. Duppa, and the 
next Year choſen into the Number of Students on that noble 
Foundation. He paſſed his Degrees till he entred into Orders, 
wd Plurality of Two Livings near that Univerſity, both in the 
Gift of the College. After his being made Doftor of Divinity, 
ind tarn'd oat by the Viſitation of the late Government of Oliver 
Cromwel, he was received into the Fame of the Earl of Devon, 
having loſt both his Livings. In the uration of the King, he 


FEE 
% 


* Wood Athens Oxonienſes Vol. 2. Þ. 372, 373: \ 


found 


'ry over the Dutch, 1665, (5c. * 


tration will, have no need of, ſince a juſt Conſideration of Nature 


90 Knwn AUTHORS M 
found his Two Livings, and Advancement to a Canon of Chriſt- 
Church, as alſo Archdeacon of Chicheſter. He died Decemb. 6. 1672, 
and was buried on the North fide- of the Cathedral of Chriſt. 
Church, where is to be ſeen a ſhort + Epitaph on a Marble Stone, 
placed over his Grave by his Execufors, Dr. South and Dr. Lam- 
phire. He gave by his Will 500 1. towards re-building of St. PauP's, 
and to Caſſington, and Pyrton, near Watlington, (of which Places he 
- Vicar) 100 /. each. He writand publiſhed the two following 
Plays: | wogho 

The Amorous War, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. Oxon, 1658. alſo printed 
fol. and 80. gk ' 

The City Match, a Comedy, 4to. Oxon, 1658. printed alſo Fol. 
and 80. This Comedy was ated before their Majeſties at White- 
— and divers times afterwards at Black Fryars, with great Ap- 
plauſe. 

Theſe two Plays are uſually bound together. 

This Author publiſhed divers other Books ; as part of Luctar's 
Dialogues, Eng. Fol. divers Sermons, 4to. and a Poem on the Viſto» 


La 


Mrs. Delarivier Manley. 


His Lady has very happily diſtinguiſh'd her ſelf from the' reſt 

of her Sex, and gives us a living Proof of what we might rea- 
ſonably expe& from Womankind, if they had the Benefit of thoſe 
artificial Improvements of Learning the Men have, when by' the 
meer Force of Nature they ſo much excel. Rules :1ndeed are but 
the Leading-ſtrings to ſupport and carry the Weaker, and more 
unobferving Heads, and which thoſe of a ſtrong Genius and Pene- 


wil condu& them with more Eaſe and Succeſs. Of this our pre- 
ſent Authreſs is an evident Proof, for in the Two Plays ſhe has al- 
+) 19mg we find no part of Art wanting, but what is the 
Mechanick Part, and by much the leaſt valuable. There is a Force 
and a Fire in her Tragedy, that is the Soul that gives it Life, and 
for want of which, moſt of our Modern Tragedies are heavy, las: 
guid, unmoving, and dull. In her Comedy there is an eaſy Fr 
dom of adding, which confeſſes a Converſation in the Authreſs 
leſs genteel and entertaining. This Lady was born in the Iſle 
Ferſey, her Father, Sir Roger Manley, being then Governor of it; 
a Gentleman of a double Merit, both the Gown, and the Sword 
claiming no ſmall ſhare in his Glory, and the Republick of Learn- 


mm. 


—_——— — 


— 


t Hiſt, and Antiquit. Oxon. Lib. 2. p. 282. 


| Known 'A UTHOR S;""2M 9k 
, | ing owdas much to his Wit and Judgment, m thoſe Books which 
. | he was pleaſed to publiſh, as his King and Country to his Loyalty, 
» | Valour and Condut. And well _ out Delarivier prove a Muſe, 
= | being begot by ſuch a Father. She has as yet given us but two Plays, 
; | of which in their Order; Ads cir ences rariat Þ 

The Royal Miſchief, -a Tragedy,” 4to; AQted by his Maj Ser- 
vants, at the Theatre in: Lincolns-Inn-Fields,''1696. and 
to'his Grace, William, Duke of Devonſhire, &c. The Story,-as ſhe 
owns, is originally taken from Sir 'Zobn Chardin's Travels, but his 
receiv'd this Advantage, that the Criminals are here 'd for 
their -Guilt, who in_the Story eſcape; a Poetick ior, Wanch 
ought ever to be obſerved in all Plays ; for-a Juſt'Auditijce, could 
never have been pleas'd with the Proſperity of Homais,* and Las 
van, after ſo very criminal an Amour. | I cou'd here give the Rea- 
der a Proof how well the Rules of Ariſtotle are obſery'd. in this 
Tragedy, by a Lady who never read him; and how juſt all her 
Metaphors and Allegories are : but that wou'd exceed the Bounds I 
am preſcribed by the: Model I'm oblig'd to build on. I fliall thege- 
fore proceed to | Acta 

The Loſt Lover ;, or,: The Jealous Husband, a-Comedy, 4to.-atted 
at the Theatre Royal by his Majeſty's Servants, 1696. To this Play 
is no Epiſtle Dedicatory, and the Preface informs us of its il} Suc- 
ceſs, which we cou'd never gather from the reading of it ; and if 
we wou'd, as we ought, give any Allowancefor the Sex that wrote 
it, the Time it was wrote in, and its being the- firſt Eflay of that 
Nature, we ſhou'd agree with her, that' it met with a much ſeve- 
rer Fate than it deſerved. {/ 
This Lady has Publiſh'd ſeveral other Books, which have fiot 

Name to 'em, and which, for that Reaſon, T ſhall forbear to men- 
tion their Titles, | 


Coſmo Manuch. 


A Major in the King's Army, in the late Civil War, and Author 
of two Plays, call'd, 
The juſt General, a Tragedy, 4to. 1650. This the Author de- 
flgn'd for the Stage, but was not ever acted. 
The Loyal Lovers, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 15652. The Author, in 
_ Play, repreſents divers of the Committee Men and their In- 
rmers. | 


\ Gervaſe 


-” 


92 Known AUTHORS. M 


Gervaſe Markbam: 


Tx Author was Son to Robert Markham, of Cotham in Notting- 
8 hamſbire, Eiq;| was born in the Reign of Elizabeth, and 
liv'd to have a Captain's Command in the Civil. War, under, Ky 
Charles the Firſt. He writ curious Pieces of Hnsbandry, Horſes 
manſl.ip, and War, and one Play, in which one Sampſon aſſiſted. 
ws Tragedy, 4to. 1622. Plot from: Joſeph 
Her tipater, a Y, 4to. 1622, 
Hh: 5h Book 14; 1s, (9c. Spondatus, Baronii Ant. Saliat 
ornted,, &cs- - 


SONS oO rw worS wi 


Chriſtopher Marlow. 


| . 1 ; 
| Famous Poet of Queen Zlizateth and King Fumes's Time, cons| 
A tem ith The Immortal þoor DL gon Fellow-Adotf T 
with and others, he writ a Poem called, Hero and Leander; 
much commended, as alſo theſe ſeven Plays following: 
Dr. Fauflus his tragical Hiſtory, 4to. 1661, being the laſt Editi- 
_ on, printed with the Addition of many Scenes. Plot, Cameraril 
Opera Subſc., Cents 1. Cap. 70. Wierrs de Prafſtig. Damenum, Lib. 2. 4 
Cap. 4» Lower, (5c. | 
Dido, Queen of Carthage, a Tragedy, 4t6, 16 . In thish 
was joined by Naſh. Plot from Virgi!'s Aneids, Book 4. L ian 
Edward the Second, a Tragedy, 4tv. 16 . Plot from Thomas” 
- la More, Sir Francs Hubert, and other Engliſh Hiſtorians of thatf 
ime. 
Jos of Malta, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1633. Aﬀed by her Mal. 
jeſty's Servants at the Cock-pit, and at Whitehall, before the KingiT 
and Queen. A Play of great Eſteem in thoſe Days: " 
Luft's Dominion ;, or, The Laſcivious Queen, a Tragedy 8w. 1661 7 
Thns Play has been ated of late Years, under the Title of 4bdela-f*" 
wr 5 or, The Moor's Revenge : with few Alterations, by Mrs. 
Be 
Maſſacre at Paris, with the Death of the Duke of Guiſe, a Trag 
dy, 8. Atted by the Lord Admiral's Servants. Is not divide 
into Aﬀts. Plot from Davila, Thranis, Dupleix, and Mezeray, ink. 
the Reigns of Char. IX. and Hen. II. of France, * 1:13 "2 
Tamberlain the Great ; or, The Scythian Shepherd, in Two Parts,F" 
a Tragedy, 8w. 1593. Adﬀed alſo by the Lord Admiral's Servants. p 
Plot, Fean du Bec, Laonicus, Chalcocondilas, Pet. Birarus, Kmnilles 
_ Tarks, L Hiſtoire de Tamerlain, 8v0, and his Life in Engliſh} 
V0. 


Shakerly 


Known AUTHORS M 93 


- 


Shakerly Marmion. 


AN Anthor born at Ainoe, in Nut haropponſhire, Jamany, '2662, 
initiated in Letters at Thame-School, Omntaſbire ; "from thence 
about ſateen Years of Age, was ſent toWadhap-College, 'Oxog,a0d 
continued a Member thereof, till after he took his Maſter.of Arts 
Degre He writ theſe three Comedies: Altat ot the ha. 
Antiquary, a Comedy 4to. 164t.. at tne Cock-pit 
ons —_—_ Servants. Auwelho's Mnkage is an Incident in y i 
r Plays. 
| The Fine Companion, a Comedy, 40. 11633. Atted: _ 
Charles's Servants, in "Salisbury-Court, as aMo before the rp 
Queen at White- Hall, with great Applauſe, It: Is, rubroodery- to Sig 
yer er: Lo Comedy, rs Qed alſo by Prince 
s Leaguer, '4 .4#0. 22. A 
1 | CharlessServants:in Salibury-Conre, with' gaod Applauſe, Several 
of | Things i in this Play borrowed from Petronius Arbiter. 


h Jul Marſton. 


, 
i His Poet liv'd in the Reign of King Fames the Firſt, and writ 
T :eight Plays, ifix -of which are uſually;bound: together an one 
olumn, tw. 16533. and :one.of: them revivd ' not many Years 
ſince, and afted with Succeſs, under the'Name ;of The Revenge: 
_ or, The Matth:in'Newente. 
af - Antonia-and Melida, TwoiParts, 4 Trapedy, 4to. 1602.:and 8v0, 
263 ot frequently:ated by-the- Children of Pau!'s. 
Dutch Connteſan, 'a (Cometly, ;4te, -1605. and Bo. 1633. 
f er BlackiFtyars, :by the Children: of the 's Majeſtyis 
wels. TheStory.of Cack/edemoy, :in-this:Play, 1s wed'from 
French Book, -entituled, :des | Contes wn ' Menile, alſo from .the 
JEvgliſh Book of. Novels call'd, the. Palace of Pleaſure. 
"The Inſatiate Counteſs,a Tragedy, 4to. 1603. 'Ated at the'Black 
ars.  Plot/from: Montius Hift. of Naples : ha alſo \Dr. Fuller's 
> wow State, Chap. 2. and God's Revenge againſt A ultery, tc. 


The Male Content, .a Tragi-Comedy, 4t0. 1604. Mr. Webſter 
$ud -the '\Plat-Form, and our Author Trarfn, moulded it-into a 


on. 7 


, 


[ 


[| 

4 
4 
'I 


, 


5 Paraf taſter ; or, 'The Fawn, '4 Comedy, 4to. 1606, and 840. 
te; $533 A 23. "Scene 1, from Ovid's Amor, Lib, 2. Eleg, q. fee 
11171 ah fs Novels, Day 3- 'Noy. 3. k 


rly Sephonisba, 


94 Known ' AUTHORS: 'M 
, Sophonisba, her Tragedy; or, The Wonder of Women, a Tragedy, 
4fo. 1633. Plot from Sir Walter Raliegh, Polibius, Appian, Livy's 
Hiſt. &yc. EV" 

What you will, a Comedy, 8w. 1633. Copied from Plautus 
Amphitrie. - Mr, Phillips and Mr. Winſtanly have made him Author 
of another Play, called; the Faithful Shepherd, but his Name not 
being thereto, nor he'ever owning it, I conclude, with Mr. Lang 
hain, that tis none of- his;' © | | 


Fel John Maſon. - 


His Poet was Maſter of ' Arts in: King: 7ames' the Firſt's Tim 
i,” and writ one Play calld, '" p 
=: Muleaſſes, the Turk ;" a Tragedy, '4to 1610. Atted by the C 
dren of his Majeſty's Revels. This Author, in his Title Page, call 
#t;.A Worthy Tragedy, and had a great Conceit of its meeting 
'with Succeſs, adding in the Front, this Sentence of Horace, 


: 
” 


Sume Superbiam queſitam merits, 


Philip Maſſenger. 


| 4 t 
A Poet who was born at Salisbury in the Reign of: Charles thy | 
i... Firſt, his Father: livd and dy in the Service of the then Ea | 
of Montgomery, andiſent his Son, our Poet,: to St. Alban-Hall, 1 

Oxon, where he remain'd a Student for three or four Years. He wif © 
intimate with Rowley, Middleton, Field,Decker,and even Fletcher. Hg. 1 
left this World in Majch, 1669. and on the' ſeventeenth Day | 

that: Month, was buried in St. Mary Overies-Church in Southwark C 
in the Grave where Mr. Fletcher had: been. before buried.” In'S, 
Aſton Cockain's Epigrams you may find an Epitaph on him, Book. i a 
Ep. 100. He writ- fourteen Plays intire, and joined with Midd! : 
and Rowley in ſome others ;. of which in their Order :- 4 2 

- . The Baſhful Lover, a Comedy, 8v0./ 1655. Atted at. the privaly tl 
_ in Black-Fryars,» by his Majeſty's Servants, with good AY 
auie. 6 + s ET ; d 

Y The Bondman, a Comedy, 4to. 1638. Aﬀed at the Cock-Pit 
Drury-Lane, by the moſt excellent Princeſs, -the Lady" Elrrat 
her Servants :.Dedicated to the Right Honourable, Philip, Early 
Montgomery. The reducing the Slaves by the Sight of the Whu 
is taken from the Story: of the Scythian Slaves. 
--: The City Madam; a Comedy, 4to. 1659. Aﬀted at the Privif.H 
Houſe in Black-fryars, with great Applauſe, and Dedicated to t 2 


| 

; 

IF 1 
[ 


Ve 


L 


Known 'AUT HORS:"*'M of 


y's truly Noble and Vinwou Lady, Ann, Counteſs of Oxon. This has 
been eſteemed a 
us |... The Duke of Millain, a jr T0 4to. 1638. as it had been often 
or | ated by Ins Majeſty 's Servants, at the Black-fryars. Plot from 7e- 
ot ſepbus's Hiſt. Fews, "Book 1's, Chap. 4. 
nl The Emperor of the Eaſt. a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1632. Aﬀted'at 
- | the Black-fryars and Globe, by.his Majeſty's Servants: Dedicated to 
{| the Right Honoutable,. Zohn, Lord Mobin, Baron of Okhe-hampton. 
Plot from Socrates, Lib. 7. Nicephorus, Lib. 14. Baronius, Qyc. 
The fatal Dowry, ,a Tragedy, 4fo. 1632. Acted at the Black-fry- 
#s, by his Majeſty's Servants ; Mr. Field, ai Author before-menti- 
neſl oned, joyn'd with him in this Play. Charlois Ranſoming His Fa- 
ther's Corps by his | _ Impriſonment, taken from,Cymon, in Pal. 
The & 5. Cap. 4. Ex. 9. he wa 
| The Great Duke of Florence, a Comedy 0, 1636, T i 
ing} calls it, a Comical of Fm , often reſented w a th avod 3 
by her Majeſty's Servants, "at the Ph In rar Coe The D&- 
| fication to the truly Horioured, and his Noble Favourer, Sir Robert 
Wiſeman, of Thorralls- Halt.” in Eſſex. Plot from Speed, "Stow, 
and other our Engliſh Chronicles, n the Reign of King Zdgar.-* 
The Guardian, a Comedy, 800. 1655. The Title alfo calls this, 
a Comical Hiſtory, often ated at the private Hayſe in Black-fryars, 
| by his late Majeſty's Servants, with great Applauſe. Plot from 
y Boccace's Novels, Day 8. Nov. 7. and from the Cimmerian t 


8v0 
The Maid of Honour, a Tragi-Comedy, '4to. 1632. This was 
my oftentimes ated with good all Iwance, a at the Phenix in Drury- 
Bf Lane, by her Majeſty's ervarits; and dedicate 'to'Sir Francis Þþ- 
& | lianibe, and Sir Tho. Bland. The Play is recommended by Sir Afton 
irl Cokain, who prefix'd a Copy of Kt thereto, 
"'.. 4 New Way to pay Old Debts, a Comedy, h 097 1633 | oftenadita 
k 4 at the Phenix in Drury-Lane, by the Queen 's 'Setvanits; 
{ dedicated to the Right Honourable, Robert, "Ext of Carnarvan, 
"a ti _ Fay, and Sir Henry Moody haye very much commended 
valy this P 
Al The Gid Law. Vide Middleton. 
-. The PiQure, a Tragi-Comedy, 4ta. 1636, Atted at the Globe 
t'& and Black- fryars Play- Houſes, by his Majeſty's Seryants;: and de- 
fff dicated to the Noble Society of the Inner-Temple. Plot trom the 
rg Fortunate deceived, and Unfortunate Lovers, Nov. 4. of the Decer- 
MM: ved Lovers. 
The Renegado, a Comedy, 4to. 1630. Ated at the private Play- 
val, Houſe, in Drury-Lane, by her Maieſty' s Servants ; dedicated tothe 
q Right Honourable, George Harding, Baton of Barkley- Caſtle,” and 
Knight of the Honourable Order of the' Bath. Mr. Shirley, (vc. 
'|k have commended this Play by Copies of Verſes. | ac. 


-e 


| 


+ Knows rg THORS. M 
Roman Aftor, a T 0 1629. Aged at the priyat 
Houſe in the Black-fr WF he fe Aly Scrvan s Servants; X ded. 
cated to Sir Philip my” ir 5, and Tho. KN [lin ghar, of 
Newtimber, 10 $ 7 15 recommended b diver 
Copies of Verſes from * Goff, Wo. d ramatic eogh yy 
Plot from Tacitus, Aurelius, Vitor, and Suetonius in the 


As 
Woman, or the Prince of Tarent, a Tragi-Comedy, 8w, 
as "The Plat of this reſembles that of the Ohſtinate 1 b, wry 


Aftan Cak ain. 
" The Virgin pales y, 4to. 1661. pr oe by his Majeſty' 
Servants with Mr. Decker ed gur pt 


ao Play. Mr fn rom aleſo ius, Roſwedius, Enſebii Hiſt. Lib. 8 
P- 17. 

'Fhe Unnatural Combat, a T tn, 1639 * preſented by 
the King's Majeſty's Servants, at "Glo : and > dated to his 
Th honoured Friend, Anthony Father, of Oukbam in Kent, Ef 

Play is without Prologue or Epilogu 

The Baſhful Lover, the Guardian, "the Very Wamgn, are print 

ed Leer in one Volume, . 840. 


Thomas May. 


Gentleman of a good Family in Suſſex, in the Reign of Queen 
Elizabeth ; he was ſome Years a-Fellow-Commoner of Stdnex 
College.in Cambridge, ,whence removing to London, and the. Court, 
he grew to an Juti with Endymyon Porter, Eſq; and others 
but diſguſted with the little Encouragement he ,met with, whidl * 
is indeed no Place for Reward of Merit, he retired. In the Yea 
$653, he, died ſuddenly, being, Five and Fifty Years Old, and lie. , 
in the Weſt Side 'of the North Ifle of Weſtminſter- Abby, neaſ ; 
/ 


A 


Mr.Cambden. But now to his Plays. 
ina, Empreſs of Rome, her Tragedy, 12110. 1639. In th 

firſt A of this Play, the Printer committed an Error, by print 
ing ſome few Pages twice oyer. Plot, ſee-Tacitus, Suetonius, ant 
Petronjus Arbiter. 

Antigone, the Thehane Princeſs, her Tragedy,8uv0,1631.Dedicate 
to the. molt Worthily:Honourcd Endymion Porter, Eſq; Plot froi 
Stocles s's Antigone, -and Seneca's Thebais ; ſee alſo Statius's 

ais 

Cleopatra, Queen 0 t, her Tragedy, 12mo. 1639. Atted 
ſome Years Lam 4 © Fd dedicated — the accompliſh 'd Sit 
, Kenelm Digby. Plc from Appian de Bells Civ. L, Florus, Lib. 
Suetonius in wit. Auguſt. .and Plutarchus in Vit. M. Antonii, he h 
alſo made bold with Celimachus's Epig. on Timon, &c 


pr . - WT 


Known AUTHORS. M 97 


The Heir, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1633. Aed by the Company 
of Revels. This was accounted an ingenious and modeſt Play, 
and much commended by Mr. Thomas Carew, who has a Copy of 
Verſes to that purpoſe, printed with the Play. 

The Old Couple, a Comedy, 4to. 1651. This Play has been for- 
merly in repute, and the chief Deſign of it ſeems to be againſt Co- 

_ veteouſneſs. 

Two of the above Plays, (v:z.) Agrippina and Antigone, are uſu- 

ally bound together in a ſmall Volume, 1290. This Author has 


. publiſh'd a Tranſlation of Lucan's Pharſalia, 89. 163 5. and Virgth's 
Georgicks, with Annotations, 1622. alſo a Hiſtory of the late Ct- 
vil Wars in England, which he calls, A Breviary. 


Robert Mead. 


E liv'd in the Time of King Zames and King Charles the Firſt, 
was of Chriſt-Church-College, Oxon, and writ one Play, which 

was publiſh'd after his Death. The Title of his Play is, 
The Combat of Love and Friendſhip, a Comedy, formerly preſent- 
ed by the Gentlemen of Chriſt-Church in Oxon, 4to. printed at 


London, 1654. 


Matthew Medbourn. 


N Ar in the Duke's Company, being a Papiſt and commit- 
A ted to Newgate about the Popiſh Plot, where he died; but 
ſome Years before he publiſhed one Play, called, 

"| Tartuffe; or, the French Puritan, a Comedy, g4to. 1670. Aﬀed 
"j at the Theatre Royal; and dedicated to the Right Henourable, + 
'S Henry, Lord Howard, of Norfolk. Tranſlated from the French of 


Mollere. 


Thomas Meriton. 


THis Scribler liv'd fince. the Reſtauration, and accounted the 

dulleſt and moſt impotent of Dramatick Poets in his Time, he 
phbbliſh'd Two Plays : 

| Love and War, a Tragedy, 4to. 1658. and dedicated to the truly 

Noble, Judicious Gen and his moſt efteemed Brother, Mr. 

"1 Geo. Meriten, Ido not find this Play was ever atted, or deſerved 


H & , faThe ; | 


98 Knows AUTHORS. M 


The Wandring Lover, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1658. The Title 
makes you believe it was adted ſeveral times privately, at ſundry 
Places, by the Author and his Friends, with great Applauſe; and 
the Dedication 15 to the Ingenious, Judicious, and much Honoured 
Gentleman, Francis Wright, Eſq; 


Tho. Middleton, vide Fletcher. 


F #iis Author livd in the Time of King Fames and King Charles 

the Firſt; was Contemporary and Aﬀociate with Deckgr, 
Rowley, Maſſinger, Fletcher and Johnſon. Under the Title of John- 
fon, you have an Account that he join'd with him and Fletcher, in 
one Play, calld, the Widow. He was affiſted by Maſſinger and 
Rowley, in writing another Play, call'd, the 0/4 Law : by Dechar, 
In the Roaring Girl, and by Mr. Rowley, in three others; beſides 
thoſe he writ and publiſh'd, entirely his own. | 

Any thing for a Quiet Life, a Comedy, 4to. 1662, This was not 
printed till that Year, tho' long before ated at the Black-Fry- 
ars, with good Succeſs, 

Blurt, Mr. Conſtable ; or, the Spaniard's Night-Walk; 4to. 1602, 
Atted ſundry times privately, by the Children of Pau/'s. Our Au- 
thor's Name is not in the Title Page ; but neyertheleſs, on good 
Grounds, attributed to him by Kirkman, ggc. | 

The Changeling, a Tragedy, 4to. 1653. Atted at the Private 
Houſe in Drury-Lane, and Salzbury-Court, with great Applauſe. 
This is one of thoſe Plays in which he was affiſted by Mr. Rowley, 
For the Plot, conſult the Story of Alſemero, and Beatrice Joanna, 
in God's Revenge againſt Murther, fol. writ by Dr. Reynolds. 

The Chaſt Maid in Cheapfide, a Comedy, 4to. 1520, Thus 1s en- 
tituled, A pleaſant conceited Comedy, often ated at the Swan on 
the Bank-Stde, by the Lady Elizabeth, her Servants. 

A fair Quarrel, a Comedy, 4to. 1622. This is another of thoſe 


Plays, in which Mr. Rowley join'd, and 15 dedicated to the nobly 
diſpos'd, and faithful Breaſted, Robert Grey, Eſq; one of the Grooms | 
of his Highneſs's Chamber, Plot from Cynthio Giraldi, a Novel, C 
Dec. 4. Nov. 5. 4 
The Family of Love, a Comedy, 4to. 1608. Aﬀed' by the Chit: | 
dren of his Majeſty's Revels. | - 
A Game at Cheſt, a Comedy, 4to. Aﬀed at the Globe on the : 
Bank-S1de, The Game being play'd before Loyola, between one of 
the Church of England, and the other of the Church of Rom, | 


the latter loſes. 
Inner 


Known AU THORS. M 99 


Inner-Temple Maſque ; or, Maſque of Heroes, 4to. 1640. preſent- 
ed by Gentlemen of the ſame ancient and noble Houſe, as an En- 
tertainment for many eminent Ladies. Tho this Play was writ 
about Twenty- Years before printed, yet Mrs. Behn approv'd of it 
ſo. much, that when ſhe writ her Comedy called, the City HeirePs, 
ſhe borrowed part thereof. 

A Mad World, my Maſters, a Comedy, 4to. This Play is faid 
to be often ated, with good Applauſe. 

The Mayor of Queenborough, a Comedy, 4to. 1661. often a& 
with much Applauſe, by his Majeſty's Servants. You have in thj 
Play, ſeveral Dumb Shews. Plot, ſee the Reign of Vortiger; 
Du Cheſne, Stow, Speed, and other Engliſh Chronicles. 45.4 
| EIT erm, a Comedy, 4to. I know_not whether ever 
atted. 

More Deſemblers beſides Women, a Comedy, 8w0. 1657. 

No Wit, no Help Iithe a Woman's, a Comedy, 8vo. 16 Af This 
and the other preceding Play, with Women, beware Wort#n, may be 
had bound together, ip a ſmall 849. or 1270. : 

The Old Law ; or, A New Way to Pleaſe you, 4to. 1656, The 
Title calls it, An Excellent Comedy, a&ed before the King and 

ueen, with great Applauſe. Mr. Rowley and Maſſenger join'd with 
him in this Play. | 

The Phenix, a Tragi-Comedy,.,q4to. 1607. Aded ſeveral times 
by the Children of Paul's, betore his Majeſty, with good Ap- 
plauſe. See the Story writ by Mignel de Cervantes, called, the 
Foree of Love, being a Spaniſh Novel. | 

The Roaring Girl ;, or, Mall Cut-Purſe, a Comedy, 4to. 1611. as 
it has lately been ated on the Fortune Stage, by the Prince's 
Players. Mr. Langbain ſays, he never ſaw this Play, and Ranks it 
under Middleton ; but I take moſt part of it to be Dechar's, who 
joyn'd in it. This Play has an odd fort of an Epiſtle Dedicatory, 
to the Comick Play-Readers, Venery and Laughter. 

The Spaniſh Gipſies, a Comedy, 4to. 1661. ated both at the 
Private Houſe in Drury-Lane, and Salwbury-Court, with great Ap- 
plauſe. In this Play he was join'd by Mr. Rowley. See part of 
the Plot in a Spaniſh Novel, call'd, the Force of Blood, writ by 
M. de Cervantes. | | 

A Trick to catch the O!4 One, a Comedy, 4to. 1616. The Ti- 
tle ſays, it has been often in Aon at Paul's and Black-Fryars, be- | 
fore their Majeſties. This was, in thoſe Times, accounted a good. 
Play. 

Triumphs of Love and Antiquity, a Maſque, gto. 1619. Dedica- 
ted to the Right Honourable, Sir Willram Cockain, Knight, then 
Lord Mayor of the City of London, and Lord General of his Ma- 
zeſty's Military Forces. This, tho' accounted by other Catalogues 

H 2 a 


, 
A, 
i 
= 
. 


/ 


100 Known AUTHORS. M 


a Maſque, is little mote than Speeches ſpcke, as now in theſe Days, 
to the Lord Mayors, in Pageants, (5c. 

' Women, beware Women, a Tragedy, 819. 1657. 'See Hippolito 

and Tſabella, a Romance, 8vo. This 15 uſually bound with two 

others of his before-mentioned, 89. 

The World toſs'd at Tennis, a Maſque, 4to. 1620. ſaid to be di- 
vers times ated to the Contentment of many Noble and Worthy 
SpeRtators, by the Prince's Servants. The Dedication 1s to the 
truly Noble, Charles, then Lord Howard, Baron of Effingham; and 


to his Vertuous and Worthy Wife, the Right Honovirable, Mary, 


then Lady Effingham, the Eldeft Daughter of Sir William Cochatn, 
Knight, then Lord Mayor of London, &5c. | 

Tour Five Gallants, a Comedy 4to. Aﬀted at the Black- Fryars. A 
Play printed without any Date, and in all probability, the firſt he 
cver writ. 


John Milton. 


A* Author of that Excellence of Genius and Learning, that 
none of any Age or Nation, I think, has excel'd him : du- 
ring the Civil Wars, and after the Death of King Charles the Firſt, 
he was advanced to conſiderable Poſts in the Government, as 
Under Secretary of State, gc. and he was a ſtrenuous Defender 
of the Power and Liberty of the People, upon which that Go- 
vernment 1mmediately ſtood. His Controverſy with Salmatius 
was very famous all over Europe, and his Viory coſt his Adver- 
fary his Life, tho' he himſelf loſt his Eyes. I have been told, that 
after the Reſtauration of King Charle; the Second, he tarzht 
School at, or near Greenwich. The Time or Place of his Birth, 
Education or Death, I am ignorant of. He writ two Dramatick 
Pieces, v2. ' 

Samſon Agoniftes, a Tragedy, 819. 1680. Mr. Dryden Sen. .has, 
in his Aureng-zebe, borrowed ſome Thoughts: from this Poem, 
which is founded on Scripture. Conſult the Thirteenth Chapter of 
Fudges, (5c. alſo Tornier, Saltan, and Foſeph. Antiq. lib. 5. 

A Maſque preſented at Ludlow-Caſtle, 1634. Printed 4to, 1687. 
It was publiſhed by Mr. Laws, who compos'd the Muſick, dedi- 
cating it to the Right Honourable, John, Lord Viſcount Brackley, 
Son and Heir Apparent to Fohn, Earl of Bridgewater, Viſcount 
Brackley, Lord Prefident of Wales, and one of his Majeſty's 
moſt Honoarable Privy Council ; before whom it was preſented. 
He writ beſides, divers Pieces in Poetry and Hiſtory, as Paradiſe 
Laſt, 80. and Fol. with Sculptures ; Paradiſe Regain'd, 8v0. Hiſt. 
of Britain, -qto.- Pro' populo Anglicans defenfio, 121mo. The Dofrine 
and Diſcipline of Divorce, 4to. (9c. x 

Walter 


He wm' eZa70claler, a Mol rt Gn 
G FtahPrlog WIT 4 Pl JA tad Bay li: 0 
f &. arte (= 177 


bag 4 oy $, 


WY = —_— —_—y y_ 


«c. © AK _ _R "MXa «a 


my fo” gHuod fc kn) == Hos # 6. woads 


\, EE © 5.5 £5 ac 


Known AUTHORS. M Ion 


Walter Montagne, Eſq: 


T7 E Shepherds Paradiſe, a Paſtoral, 80. 1649. This was pri- 
vately ated before King Charles the Firſt, by the Queen's Ma- 
jeſty, and Ladies of Honour; and was then well eſteem'd. 


Peter Mottenx. 


AN Author now living, who, tho' born and bred at Roan in Nor- 


mandy, has made himſelf fo far Maſter of our Language, as 
to be able to divert the Town in Two Plays, the firſt call'd, 

Love's a Feſt, a Comedy, 4to. ARed at the new Theatre in 
Little Lincolns-Inn-Fields, by his Majeſty's Servants, 1696. and 
dedicated to Charles, Lord Clifford, of Lanesborough. The Author 
owns, in his Preface, himſelf indebted to the Italians, for the hint 
of the two Scenes where Love is made in Jeſt; asalſo ſome Speeches 
and Thoughts here and there. 

The Loves of Mars and Venus, a Play ſet to Muſick, as it is ated 
at the New Theatre, in Little Lincolns-Inn-Fields, by his Majeſty's 
Servants, 4to. 16g6. and dedicated to the Honourable Collon& 
Codrington. In his Preface he owns the Story to be Ovid's, ant 
—_ has taken the Dance of the Cyclops from Mr. Shadwell 
Pſyche. 

The Novelty, every A a Play, being a ſhort Paſtoral, Comedy, 
Maſque, Tragedy, and Farce; aQted at the new Theatre in Little 
Lincolns-Inn- Fields, by his Majeſty's Seryants, 4to. 1697. and de- 
dicated to Charles Ceſar, of Bonnington, Eſq; In the Preface he 
lets us know, that the Paſtoral, call'd, Thyrfrs, is written by his 
ingenious Friend, Mr. 7.0/dmixon. The Tragedy, which he calls, 
The Unfortunate Couple, is the latter and moſt moving part of Dr. 
Filmer's Unnatural Brother. That the Farce, call'd, Natural Magick, 
15 an Imitation of Part of a French Comedy, of one AR, after the 
Italian Manner, as you may find many in the Theatre Italien. Her-. 
cules, the Maſque, is his own, tho' I haye ſeen one on the ſame 
Subje& by a French Author, and repreſented at Bruſſels. The C9- 
medy is his own too, call'd, All without Maney. 

Tho' this bears the Name of The Novelty, 1t can be call'd fo on- 
ly as ſome of our modern Opinions in Philoſophy are call'd new, 
that is, becauſe they have laid by -unthought of a great while, 
for as theſe are to be met with among the Old Philoſophers, ſo 
is this Model to be found in Sir Wiſſiam Davenant's Play- Houſe to be 


Lett. I ſhall only add, That the greateſt Novelty is the add ay 


H 3 


- 


I02 Known AUTHORS. M 


of Numbers us'd in his Friends Paſtoral: What Authority he may 
have for it, I don't know, 


W:llian Mountford. 


T HE Birth and Parentage of this Author I know nothing of; 

the firſt Figure he made was,in the part of Tall-Boy,on the Stage, 
for which, being taken Notice, he was advanc'd on the Theatre, 
till he zot into the Family of the late Lord Chancellor Jefferies ; 
from whence he return'd to the Stage, where he continued till he 
was killd in Norfolk-Buildings, London. He has publiſh'd three 
Plzys. 

Greemwich-Park, a Comedy, 4to. 1691. Adted at the Theatre 
Royal, by their Majeſties Servants, and dedicated to the Right 
Honourable, Algernon, Earl of Eſſex, Viſcount Malden, &yc. This 
is a very pretty Comedy, and has been always received with gene- 
ral Applauſe. | 

The Injur d Lovers; or, The Ambitious Father, a Tragedy, g4to, 
1588. the Dedication is to the Right Honourable, Zames, Earl of 
Arran, Sor to his Grace, the Duke of Hamilton. This Play did 
© Not ſucceed as the Author wiſh'd. 

The Life and Deathof Dy. Faufius, made into a Farce, with the 
Humours of Harlequin and Scaramauch, as they were ſeveral times 
ated by Mr. Lee and Mr. 'Fevoa, at the Queen's Theatre in Doyſet- 
Garden, newly reviv'd at the Theatre in Lincolns-Inn- Fields, 

The Succesful Strangers, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1690. Aﬀed by 
their Majeſties Servants, at the Theatre Royal. Its Dedication 15 
to the Right Honourable, Thomas (now Lord) Wharton, Comptroller 
of his Majeſty's Houſhold. The Cataſtrophe from The. Rival Bro- 
thers, in Scarron's Novels, This Play ſomewhat exceeded the pre- 
ceding one. 


YE — 


N. 


Thomas Nabbs. 


E was accounted a Third Rate Poet, who liv'd in King 
H Charles the Firſt's Time, there js publiſhed of his Writings, 
= Eight Dramatick Pieces, which follow in Alphabetical 

, © BS , | 
The Bride, called, a pleaſant Comedy, 4to. 1640. Adted firſt, 
Tivo Years before, at the Private Hayſe in Drury-Lane, by their 
| | Majeſties 


+ &- FT ' | 008 . 0 = 


Knwn AUTHORS. N I03 
Majeſties Servants, Dedicated to ſeveral Gentlemen of the Hono- 


| rable Houſes of the Inns of Court, his Friends. 


Covent-Garden, a Comedy, 4to. 1638. firſt ated by the Queen's 


_ Majeſty's Servants, 1632. The Dedication is to the Right Worthy, 


Sir Zohn Suckling. 

Hambal and Scipio, called, An Hiſtorical Tragedy, 4to. 1637. 
but ated firſt in the Year 1635. by the Queen's Majeſty's Servants, 
at the private Houſe in Drury-Lane. Plot founded on Hiſtory ; 
ſee the Lives of Hambal and Scipio, in Corn. Nepos, and Plutarch; 
ſee alſo Livy, L. Florus, toc. | 

An Entertainment on the Prince's Birth-Day, 4to. This is ranked 
under Nabbs, in Mr. Langbain's Catalogue, as alſo in Kirkman's and 
others, but omitted in Mr. Langhain's Account of the Poets, for 
what Reaſon I know not. 

Microcoſmos, 'a Maſque, 4to. 1637. preſented ( ſays the Title 
with general liking, at the private Houſe in Salzbury-Court, an 
here ſet down, according to the Intention of the Author. The 
Dedication 1s to the Service and Delight of all truly Noble, Gene- 
rous, and Honeſt Spirits. This is a Maſque which has good Mora- 
lity in it, and (as | find) was commended by Brome, and others, 

Spring's Glory, Vindicating Love by Temperance, a Maſque, 4to. 
1538, This has much of Morality alſo, and is commended by Mr. 
Chamberlain, a then noted t, and others. It's dedicated to 
Peter Ball, Eſq. There is joined with this 4 Preſentation, as 10- 
tended for Prince Charles's Birth-Day, (viz.) May 29. which, in 
other Catalogues has been ſtiled an Interlude. There are beſides, 
many Poems, Epigrams, Elegies and Epithalamiums. 

Tottenham-Court, a Comedy, 4to. printed 1538. but ated five 
Years before, in Salubury-Court : And 1s dedicated to the Wor- 
ſhipful, Wall. Mills, Eſq. 

Unfortunate Mother, a Tragedy, 4to. 1640. It is dedicated to 
the Right Worſhipful, Richard Brathwart, Eſq, Some of the Au- 
thor's Friends beſtowed commendatory Verſes on this Play, tho' 
it did not bear adting. | | 

The Woman- Hater Arraigned, a Comedy, and Charles the Firſt, 
a Tragedy, have been by Philips and Winſtanly, plac'd to this Au- 
thor, but without any Ground or Reaſon : for which ſee among the 
Anonymous Plays, hereafter mentioned, 


Thomas Naſh. 


A Contemporary with the former, tho' of a more eminent Cha- 
. rater; he was bred at Cambridge, and writ two Plays, 
alled, 


H 4 Dido, 


104 Known AUTHORS. N 


Dido, Queenof, Carthage, a Tragedy, 4to. This was not wholly 
writ by him, for Marlow did ſomewhat affiſt therein. The Story 
from Virgils Aneids, lib. 1, oF 4- 

Summers Laſt Will and Teſtament, a Comedy, 4to. This Author 


has writ divers other ſmall Pieces, both in Verſe and Proſe ; but 


not that Play of See me, and ſee me wt, as alledged by Mr. Philips 
and Winſtanley. | 


Alexander Newile. 


A Young Gentleman, that at fxteen undertook to tranſlate the 
® Oedipus of Seneca, and livd jn the Reign of Queen Eli- 

zabeth. 

' Oedipus, a Tragedy, 4to. printed 1581. but was Engliſhed by 

him about twenty Years before, and 15 dedicated to Dr. Wotton, 

then one of the Queen's Majeſty's Privy Council. 


Robert Nevile. 


A Fellow of King's-College, Cambridge, in King Charles the Firſt's 
Time, and writ a Play, entituled, 
The Poor Scholar, a Comedy, 4to. 1562. written divers Years 
before printed, but I do not find it was ever ated, tho recom- 
mended by ſome Copies of Verſes by three other Poets of thatTime, 


Willan, Duke of Newcaſtle. 


R. Langbain has always, a good Word for Quality, he can ſee 
M no Blemiſh in that Perſon that has a Title, tho' he be fo 
ſharp ſighted in all thoſe of a lower Station ; and he is fo tranſport- 
ed on this worthy Nobleman, that he baulks theCuriofity of his Read- 
er, for ſome Account of his Life, to vent a clumſey Flattery. He 
was of the Illuſtrious and Ancient Family of Cavendiſh, a zealous 
Follower of the Royal Cauſe, and with it exil'd ; during his Aboad 
at Antwerp, he writ a Book of Horſemanſhip. He was an Encou- 
rager of Poetry, and a Poet himſelf, You may find his Life at 
large, written by his Dutcheſs. We haye four Comedies of his 
in Print ; as Os 

The Country Captain, a Comedy, 80. 1649. It was afted at the 
Black- Fryars, by his Majeſty's Servants, with good Applauſe ; and 
wually bound up with another of his, called, The Vartety. 

* The Humorous Lovers, a Comedy, 4to. 1677. Aﬀed by his Roy- 
al Highneſs the Duke of 7ork's Servants, with great Applauſe, rhe 
as FI. FS oi. _ 1. a” '# whe * 4 T! 


Kwws AUTHORS. N of 


The Triumphant Widow ;, or, The Medley of Humours, a Comedy, - 
4to. 1677. and afted by his Royal Highneſs the Duke of Tork's Ser- 
vants. This was eſteemed a good Play, and Mr. Shadwell had fo 
good an Opinion of it, that he borrowed a great part thereof, to 
compleat his Comedy, call'd, Bury-Fair. | 

The Variety, a Comedy, 89. 1649. preſented by his Majeſty's 
Servants at the Black. Fryars. Tho' the Duke's Name be not to this, 
or The Country Captain, which is uſually bound with it; yet, by 
Mr. Cartwright's Works, and others, we find Satisfaftion enoughto 
believe them his. | 2 


Margaret, Dutcheſs of Newcaſtle. 


HE Honourable Conſort of the fore-mentioned Duke, whoſe 

Plays and Poetry have made ſome Noiſe in the World, and 

have at leaſt met with Mr. Langbain for an Admirer and Defender. 

I know not her Family, nor Time of Birth or Death. She has 

publiſhed fix and Twenty Plays, reckoning thoſe writ in two 

Parts, each of them for two. They are uſually bound in two Vo- 
lumes fol. 1662, and 1668, Their Names follow : 

The Apocriphal Ladies, a Comedy, fol. 2652, This Play is not 
divided into Ads, but has variety of Scenes, to the Number of 
three and twenty. 

Bell in Campo, a Tragedy, in two Parts, fol. 1662, In the laſt 
Part you may find ſeveral Copies of Verſes writ by his Grace, the 
Duke, her Husband. | | | 

The Blazing World, a Comedy, fol. 1668. This, tho ſtil'd a 
Comedy, " was never perfedted bY the Authoreſs. 

The Bridalls, a Comedy, fol. 1668. 

The Comical Haſh, a Comedy, fol. 1662. This Play was, by 
Accident, omitted in Mr. Langbain's Catalogue of Plays, and ign>- 
rantly by other Catalogue Publiſhers. 

The Convent of Pleaſure; a Comedy, fol. 1668. 

The Female Accademy, a Comedy, fol. 1662. 

Lady Contemplation, in two Parts, a Comedy, fol. 1662. The 
Duke affiſted in ſome Scenes of both Parts. 

* Loves Adventures, in two Parts, a Comedy, fol. 1662. The 
Duke writ alſo the Epithalamium and Song in the laſt Part. 

Matrimonial Troubles, in two Parts, the firſt Comedy, the laſt 
Tragedy, fol. 166% | 

Nature's Three Daughters (viz.) Beauty, Love, and Wit, in two 
parts, a Comedy, fol. 1662. | 
' The Preſence, a Comedy, fol. 1668. The Scenes deſigned for 
this Play, were fo nugerous, that the Dutcheſs thought 1t would 
lengthen it too much, therefore printed them ſeperately, gi pick 
SW 01 | 4 HDIK 


106 _ Knwn AUTHORS. N 


Publick Woning, a Comedy, fol. 1662. Tivo Scenes and two 
Songs at the End of this Play, with divers Speeches therein, are 


writ by his Grace; the Duke of Newcaſtle. 
Religions, a Trazi-Comedy, fol, 1662. 
. Several Wits, a Comedy, Fol. 1662. 
| The Sociable Companions; or, The Female Wits, a Comedy, fol. 
1668. 

The Unnatural Tragedy, fol. 1662, The Prologue and Epilogue 
of this Play, were writ by his Grace, the Duke of Newcaſtle. 

Wits Cabal, in two Parts, a Comedy, fol. 1652. The Epilogue 
of my firſt Part was alſo writ by his Grace, the Duke of News 
caſ Co | 

Youth's Glory, and Death's Banquet, in two Parts, a Tragedy, 
fol. 1652, Two Scenes, and the Speeches of the firſt Part, as alſo 
the-Songs and Verſes in the ſecond Part, were alſo writ by hy 
Grace, the Duke of Newcaſte. 

Befides theſe Dramatick Works, ſhe has writ divers other Pie- 
ces; as, The Life of the Duke of New-Caſile, 1667. alſo the ſame 
in Latin, 1668. Philoſophical Fancies, 1653. A Volume of Poems, 
1553. Philoſophical Opinions, 1655. Nature's PiFure, drawn by Fan- 
cies Pencil, to the Life; at the End of which was hex own Life, 15 56, 


A Volume of Orations, 1662. Philoſophical -Letters, 1664+ Twof. 


hundred and eleven Sociable Letters, 1554. All which Volumes 
are printed in fol. 


Thomas Newton. 


NE of the Tranſlators of Seneca, in the Reign of Queen 
Elizabeth, he tranſlated one entirely, and club'd with Zaſper 
Heywood and Alexander Nevile in the reſt ;- but publiſh'd them all 
together, with a Dedication to Sir Thomas . Henage, then Trea- 
| ſurer of her Majefty's Chamber. Philips, in his Theatrum Poetarum, 
aſcribes one other Play to this Author, call'd, Tamberlatn the Great, 
winch 15 none of his, but Marlo's. 
Thebais, a Tragedy, 4to. Tranſlated from Seneca, as before inti- 
mated, it has no Chors, and is the ſhorteſt of all that Author's 


Tragedies. . 
Thomas Norton, and Tho. Sackwvile. 


FP ile Twin Authors liv'd in Queen Elizabeth's Reign, the latter 
was Lord Buckburſft, and in 1 7ac. created Earl of Dorſet. 
Mar. 13.- 1603, 


Ferre! ſe 


Known AUTHORS. O 107 

Ferrex and Porrex, a Tragedy, 80. firſt printed 1665. but ſince 
by the Title of : 

Gorboduc, a Tragedy,4to. re-printed,1 590. This Play was preſent- 
ed by the Gentlemen of the Inner-Temple, before the 's moſt 
1. | excellent Majeſty; and accounted an excellent Play, full of Moxa 

tity. Plot from our Britiſh Chronicles, 


Thomas Nuce. 


N Author likewiſe in Queen Zlizabeth's Time, who tranſlated 
y one of Seneca's Plays, called, Pgee / 

fol Ofavia, a Tragedy, 4to. Conſult Sueton. in vit. Claud. Tacitus, 
is 1ib, 12. C. 14+ Dion. Nero, Qfc. 


y O. 
Thomas Otway. 


of a good Family, and has a Nephew a Captain in the 

preſent Service. He was bred at Chrift-Church, in Czford, 

en and thence remoy'd to London, not going on with the Defign of 
perf being of the Clergy. Tho' at firſt he met with but little Encou- 
all} ragement here, but what a ſmall Allowance and Sallery from the 
24-8 Play-houſe afforded (for he was firſt a _ but after he had writ 
m,j Don Carlos, he began to have a Name, having in that Play diſco- 
at, vered fome Touches of a Tallent, very few of our Engliſh Poets 
have been Maſter of, in moving the Paſſions, that are, and ought 

ti-f to be the Aim of all Tragick Poets, Terror and Pity; and in which 
"58 none equal'd him, in his two following Tragedies of The Orphan, 
and Venice Preſerv'd, He was a Jovial Companion, and a great Lo- 

ver of the Bottle, and Particularly of Punch ; the laſt thing he 
made before his Death, being an excellent Song on that Liquor. 

We have in Print of his, ten Plays; another more excellent than 

all of them, is, by ſome malicious or deſigning Perſon ſuppreſs'd, 

ter] either hereafter to fet up a Reputation to themſelves, by owning it; 
ſet} or to procure a Profit by ſelling it for their own. | 
Alcibiddes, a Tragedy, 4to. 1675. ated at the Duke's Theatre. 

The Dedication js to the Right Honourable,Charles,Earl of Middbe- 

req ſex. This was the firſt ProduQt of our Author. The Plot _ 
| | | _. 


© i E Place of Mr. Otway's Birth I know not ; but he was 


108 Known AUTHORS. O. 


_ Corn, Nepos, and Plutarch, both in the Life of Alcibiades ; but he 

has varied from the Story, making A/cibiades a more ſcrupulous 

- Man than the Hiſtoggans do, who accuſe him of Adultery with the 
n of Aegis, Joc. 

The Atheiſt ; or the ſecond Part of The S»/dier's Fortune, a Come- 
dy, 4to. 1684. The Dedication is to the Lord Eland, Eldeſt 
Son to the Marqueſs of Hailifax. Plot, in Part, taken from The 
Inviſible Miſtreſs, in Scarron's Novels. 

The Cheats of Scapin, a Farce, gto. 1667, ated at the Duke's 
Theatre: It is printed with Titus and Berenice, a Tragedy after 
mentioned, writ by the ſame Author. 'T's tranſlated from Mol- 
tiere, whnch, originally is Terrences Phornnio. 

Cains Marius, his Hiſtoxy and Fall, a Tragedy, 4to. 1680. ated 
at the Duke's Theatre ; and its Dedication to the Lord Viſcount 
Faxlkland. Part of it ſtollen from Shakeſpear's Romeo and Fultet, 
Plot from Plutarch, in his Life of Caius Marius, and Lucan's Phar- 
ſalia, Book 2. 7% 
© Don Carlos, Prince of Spain, a Tragedy, 4to. 1679. The Dedi- 
cation is to his Royal Highneſs, the Duke. This 1s the ſecond Play 
our Author ever writ, and gain'd him great Reputation. Plat 
from the. Novel fo called, 12m. you may alſo conſult the Spaniſh 
Chronicles in the Life of Philip the Second. 

Friendſhip in Faſhion, a Comedy, 4t1. 1678. ated at the Duke's 
Theatre, with good Applauſe. Its Dedication is to the Right Ho- 
nourable, Charles, Earl of Dorſet and Middleſex. 

The Orphan ; or, 'The Unhappy Marriage, a Tragedy, 4to. 1680. 
acted at the Duke's Theatre. Its Dedication to her Royal Highneſs, 
the Dutcheſs. This' is acccounted an excellent Play, and often 
ated of late Days. Plot from the Hiſtory of Brandon, p. 17. and 
The Engliſh. Adventures, a Novel. , 

The Soldiers Fortune, a Comedy, 4to. 1681. atted by their Roy- 
al Highnefles Servants, at the Duke's Theatre. The Lady Dunce, 
making her Husband Agent, is from Moliere Eſcoale de Maris, (oc. 
See alſo Boccace's Novels, Day 3. Nov. 3. and Scarron's Comical 
Romance, Pp. 227. | 

Titus and Berenice, a Tragedy, 4to. 1577. tq which 15 joined 
The Cheats of Scapin, ated at the Duke's Theatre ; and dedicated 
to the Right Honourable, Fohn, Earl of Rocheſter. Tranſlated 
from Monfieur Racine; it wants two As of the uſual Number. 
'The Story of Titus and Berenice you may find in Suetonzws, Dront» 
ſas, Joſephus, toe. 

Venice Preſery4; or, A'Plot diſcovered ;, a Tragedy, 4to. 1688, 
acted at the Duke's Theatre ; dedicated to the Dutcheſs of Partſ- 
mouth, This is an incomparable Play, and often a&ed of late 
Days. The Plot is taken from a little Book, printed 89. being 


an Account of the Conſpiracy of the Spaniards againſt V/ _— , 
| zis 


oO>5 5B 4 þ£ 5 YF 7% &f © oo OE Rn ART REP. 


JP 


Qq © ED yarn 


Knows AUTHORS. O 109 


This Author writ a ſmall Piece, called, The Poet's Complaint to 
his Muſe, 4to. 1680. alſo a Paſtoral on Ring Charles the Second, 
which 1s publiſh'd in Mrs. Behn's Lycidas, 8vo. p. 81. and ſince his 
Death, is printed a Tranſlation of his from the French, called, The 
Hiſtory of the Triumvirates, 8v0 1686. 


7. Oldmixon. 


His Gentleman is of an ancient Family of 0/dmixon, near Bridge- 

water in Somerſetſhire. As for the particulars of his Life, I 

can ſay little of 'them, only that he has given the World a Pa- 
ſtoral, called, 

Amintas, ated at the Theatre Royal. The Title Page lets 
'us know, that it is taken from the Aminta of Taſſo, and the Pre- 
face informs us of the ill Succeſs it met with on the Stage : which 
indecd cannot be attributed to the Engliſh Author's Performance, 
which isas well as the Origingl wou'd allow ; but, with Submiſſion 
to our Author's better Judgment, I muſt needs ſay, that Paſtoral 
it ſelf, tho* never ſo well writ, is not a Subje@ fit for ſo long an 
Entertainment as that of the Stage. This the Ancients very well 
knew, and therefore they wiſely confin'd it to a narrower Compaſs, 
as is evident from the 71dyllia of Theocritus, and the Bucolics of 
Virgil : For the ſedater Paſfions (which our Author himſelf attri- 
butes to a Shepherd's Life) of theſe Innocent People repreſented 
in aPaſtoral, cannot afford fo lively Pleaſure to an Audience, as 
may ballance the Length of their Attention, that muſt of neceſſity 
_ languid, and tyr'd, with ſo very calm an Emotion, which 1s 

[l kept ative by the more violent Paſſions, proper for Tragedye 
This extending of the ancient Piſtoral to ſo unreaſonable a length 
was, as well as Farce, an Italian Invention, and not one jot the 
better, becauſe cover'd with'ſo great a Name as Taſſo's. I cou'd 
neyer find that Authority wou'd filence the Sentiments of Nature 
and Reaſon; and 7aſſo, that has been guilty of Abſurdeties enough 
in his Epic Poem, muſt not be ſuppos'd infallible in his Paſtoral. 
Aﬀter all, I am of Opinion, that it is but a weak Refuge to fly to 
the Opinion or Taſte of a Foreign Nation, from the Judgment of 
our own; for I'm ſatisfy'd that there are not fewer Men of Sence,in 
Ing/and,and a great many more of Learning,than 7taly affords us.A4- 
mnta might pleaſe there, but if we judge by our Taſte of Poetry, 
and with ours by the Ancients, it pleas'd without Reaſon, and on- 
ly perhaps for the Novelty, or, which is yet moſt likely, becauſe it 
was ſung in Italy, that Muſical Nation minding-more the Perfor- 
mance of the Compoſer, than Poet. All that can be faid for our 
Author 45, that in an ill Choice, he has equal'd his Original, and in 
ſome Places improy'd it. _ | 

P. oha 


Knwn AUTHORS. P 


P 


John Palſgrave. 
'T' I'S Author was a Batchelor of Divinity, and Chaplain 


to King Henry the Eighth. He publiſhed one Play under 
the Title of 
Acolaſtus, a Comedy, 4to. 1540. .dedicated to King Henry the 
Eighth; tranſlated from the Latin Play of the fame Name, writ 
by Guil. Fullonivs, and printed in Old Engliſh Charafter. *Tis thg 
Parable of the Prodigal Son. 


a << @ XXÞ\”-c — Fen 


Peaps. 


Scholar of Eaton School, who at ſeventen, writ a Play, called, 
Love in its Extaſy, a Paſtoral, 4to. 1649. but written ma- 


my Years before 'twas printed. : 
George Peel. a 

c 

y Wa Author was Maſter of Arts in Chriſft-Church-College, Oxan, * 
in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, writ two Plays. p 


David and Bethſhabe, their Love, with the Tragedy of Abſalom, 4tufj 
1599. This Play, as the Title ſays, was divers times play'd ay ;, 
the Stage. Plot from Holy Scripture. By 

Edward the firſt, a Hiſtory 4to. 1593. This King was firnamdl j; 
Long-Shank s, and the Play gives an Account of his return from the 
Holy Land, with the Life of Kewellin, Rebel in Wales ; it alſo re 
lates the Story of Queen Eleanor's finking by Chatring-Croſs, and 
rifing again at Queen-Hithe, before called Potters- Hithe. SeeGra 
zon, Martin, Hollingſhead, Stow, and other Engliſh Chronrcles. 

The Tragedy of Alphonſus , Emperor of Germany, by miſtaks 
plac'd to him, in ſome Catalogues, is not his, but Chapman's. 


Mrs. Catharine Philips. 


COHE waz, if I miſtake not, born in Brecknock-ſhire, in Wales, 
Contemporary of Cowley, and much praiſed by nm. I m 


confeſs, I cannot but prefer Mrs. Behn infinitely before her j 
ces 


Known AUTHORS. P  20T 


ſeems to be a very cold Writer, while you may find in Aphre 
| both Fire and Eaſineſs, which Mrs. Philips wanted. She dy'd of 
the Small Pox, June, 22. 1664. Aged 31. 

Horace, a Tragedy, Fol. 1678. Tranſlated from the French of 
Corneille. This Authreſs leaving the Play unfiniſh'd at her Death, 
Sir John Denham compleated it, by adding the fifth AR; after 
which, 1t was ated at Court by Perſons of Quality. Plot from, 
Livy, lib. 1. c. 2. L. Florus, fc. 
| Pompey, a Tragedy, fol. 1678. afted at the Duke's Theatre, 
' | with great Applauſe. There was uſually at the End ated a Farce 
of Sir William Davenant's, which you may find' in his Play-Houſe 
to be Lett. The Earl of Orrery, and Counteſs of CorÞþ, were the 
Chief Inſtruments of bringing this Play in Engliſh, to light. Tranſla- 
ted alſo from Corne:lle, and Plot from Lacan's Pharſalps. 


Mrs. Mary Pix. 


His is a Lady yet living, and in this Poetick Age, when all Sex- 
es and _ venture on the Sock or Buskins, ſhe has boldly 
-F given us an Eſſay of her Talent in both, and not without Succeſs, 
tho' with little Profit to her ſelf. 

Ibrahim, the Thirteenth Emperor of the Turks, a Tragedy, ated 
at. ghe Theatre Royal, 1596. 4to. and dedicated to Richard Min- 
chal, of Burton, Eſq; This Play, 1f it want the Harmony of Num- 
bers, and the Sublimity of Expreffion, has yet a Quality, that at 
leaſt ballances that Defe&, I mean the Paſſions ; for the Diſtreſs of 
Morena never fail'd to bring Tears into the Eyes of the Audience ; 
which few Plays, 1f any fince Otway's, have done ; and yet, which 
s the true End of Tragedy. She informs us, that by miſtake it was 
called Ibrahim the Thirteenth, when it ſhould have been called, 1brg- 
bim the Twelfth, the Story you may find- in Sir Paul Ricaut's Con- 
tinuation of the Turkiſh Hiſtory. 

The Inn:icent Miſtreſs, a Comedy, afted at the Theatre in 
Little Lincolns-Inn-Fields, by his Majeſty's Servants, 1697. 4to. 
The Prologue and Epilogue writ by Mr. Motteux. This 1s a di- 
verting Play; and met with good Succeſs, tho' ated in the hot Sea- 
ſon of the Year, our Poetreſs has endeavoured to imitate the Eati- 
neſs and Way of the Author of Vertue in Danger, and The Prowk'd 
Wife. She has borrowed ſome Incidents from other Plays ; as Mrs. 
Beauclair's carrying of Mrs. Flywife from Sir Francis Wildlove, frotn 
the Vertuous Wife doing the ſame to her Husband's Miſtreſs. Then 
the Scene in the Park betwixt Sir Francis and her in her Mash, is a. 
kind of Copy in young Bellair, and Harriots in Sir Fopling. - Miſs 
41 Peggy ſeems a Copy of Miſs Hoyden, as Chattal is of ſeveral of the 

*| parts writteg of late for Mr. Dogget. But notwithſtanding theſe 
l | | Imitatigns, 


k ALES a Ad 


112 Known AUTHORS. Þ 


Imitations, which ever have been allowed in Poets,the Play has its 
peculiar Merit; and as a Lady carried the Prize of Poetry in France 
this Year, fſo.1n Juſtice, they are like to dg in England ; tho' indeed 
we uſe them more barbarouſly, ' and defraud them both of their 
Fame and Profit. 

The Spaniſh Wives, a Farce, ated at the Theatre in Dorſet-Gar- 
dens, by his Majeſty's Servants, 16596. and dedicated to the Ho- 
nourable Collonel Tipping, of Whitfield. This Farce had the good 
Fortune to pleaſe, and it muſt be own'd, there are two or three 
pleaſant Turns in it. For the Plot conſult the Novel of the 


Pilgrim. 


Samuel Pordage, Eſq; 


| Bm if not ſtill, a Member of Lincolns-Inn, and Author of 
two Plays, call'd, 

Herod and Mariamne, a Tragedy, 4to. 1673. ated at the Duke's 
Theatre, dedicated to the Dutcheſs of A4/bermarle. A Play writ 
many Years before it was prefer'd to the Stage, where it was re- 
ceiv'd with great Satisfaftion. Plot from Joſeph. Hiſt. Philo Fuds- 
#5, and Cleopatra, a Romance, in the Story of Tyridates. - 

;- Siege of Babylon, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1678. dedicated to her 
Royal Highneſs the Dutcheſs of Zork, Plot from the aforeſaid Ro- 
mance of Cleopatra. 


Henry Porter. 


& of an Hiſtorical Play, in Queen Elizabeth's Rei 
calld 

Two Angry Women of Abingdon, with the humourous Mirth of Di 
Coomes, and Nicholas Proverbs, two Serving-men, a Comedy, 4 
1599. ated by the Right Honourable, the Earl of Nottingh 
Lord High Admiral's Servants. 


\ 


Thomas Porter. 


IF, + hi w_ wn yi £ cw.” 


Fs Gentleman liv'd in the Time of the two Charles's, and writ, 
1664. a Play, calld. 
The Carnival, a Comedy, 4to. 1664- atted at the Theatre Roy 
al, by his Majeſty's Servants. 
TheVillain, a Comedy, 4to. 16 . acted at the Duke's Theatre. 


This Playis now ſometimes ated, Mr. Sandford having gain'd great 
Reputation by playing the part of Malignii. : : 


Ger, 


known AUTHORS. ÞP IT; 


George Powell. 


OQ ON of Mr. Powell, an ancient Player, lately dead; he is 
more eminent tor playing than writing, tho' there are ſome 
Plays under his Name ; as, | 
Alphonſo King of Naples, a Tragedy, 4to. 1691, Aded at the 
Theatre Royal, by their Majeſties Servants, and dedicated to her 
Grace the Dutcheſs of Ormond, The Prologue is written by 7o. 
Haynes, and Epilogue by Mr. Durfey. | 
' Brutus of Alba; or, Auguſtus's Triumph, a new Opera, ated at 
the Theatre in Dorſet Garden, by his Majeſty's Servants, 16590, 4to. 
and dedicated by . Sam. Briſcoe, Bookſeller to George Powel, and 
Fohn Verbruggen. This Play has not ſo much as the whole Title 
new, for Brutzs of Alba is a Play of Mr. Tate's, and all the Deſign ' 
taken out of ſeveral old. Plays. 

The treacherous Brother, a Tragedy, 4to. 1690. afted by their 
Majeſties Servants, at the Thedtre Royal, and dedicated to the Pa- 
tentees and Sharers of their Majeſties Theatre. Plot from The 
Wall-Flower, a Romance, fol. writ by Dr: Baily, formerly Preſident 
of St. Fohn's, Oxon. | 

A very good Wife, a Comedy, 4to. 1695. ated by their Maje- 
ſties Servatits, at the Theatre Royal; and dedicated to the honoar- 
ed Alexander Popham, Eſq; The Prologue is writ by Mr. Congreve. 
This Play is taken whole Pages together out of Brome. 


Thomas Preſton, 


Know no more of this Author, than that he has writ one Play; 

called, 

Cambyſes, King of Perſia, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. a very ancient 
Play with an odd; long Title, which rans thus, (wviz.) A lamenta- 
ble Tragedy, mixt full of pleaſant Mirth ; containing the Life of 
Cambyſes, King of Perſia, from the beginning of his Kingdom un- 
to his Death ; his one good Deed of Execution, after the man 
Wicked Deeds, and Tyrannouws Murders committed by and tht 
him: and laſt of all, his odiozs Death, by God's Fuftice appointed. 
Done in ſuch Order as followeth. London, Printed by ohh Alde. It 
is writ in old faſhion'd Metre, and has no Date. Plot from Here- 
dots and Tuſt ins 


114 Known AUTHORS. Q 


Edmund Preſtwich. 


F whom I know no more, than that 'tis ſaid, he has writ a 
Play, called, . 4 
Hippolitus, a Tragedy, 8v0. 1641. A Play, which Mr. Langbain 
ſays, he never ſaw; the Author's Name is to it, who took the Plot 
from that of Seneca, orthe Phadra of Euripides. 
The Hefors, another Play, has been by ſome Catalogues attribu- 
ted to this Author; but I cannot learn for any Reaſon it ſhould be 
his, ſo you find itplaced among the Anonymous Plays. 


Q 


Francis BQuarles. 


-z 


E was born at Stewards, a Seat in Rumferd, in the Pariſh 
H of Horn-Church, Eſſex, his Father was James Quarles, 
Clerk of the Green Cloth, and Purveyor to Quen- Elizabeth. 
He ſtudied firſt at Chrift-Church, Cambridge, then at Lincolns-Inn; 
was Cup-bearer to the Queen of Bohemia, Secretary to Biſhop 
Uſher, and Cronologer to the City of London. He ſuffered Perſe- 
cution by the Government then in being, for a Book called, The 
Loyal Convert.. The Troubles of Ireland brought him to die at 
Home, in the Two and Fiftieth Year of his Age, Sept. 8. 1644 
He had Eighteen Children by one Wife,. and lies buried in St. 
Foſter's Church, London. He writ one Play, called, 
The Virgin Widow, a Comedy, '4to. 1649. 
He writ divers other Pieces, as a Book of Emblems, which ha 
born many Editions ; a Book of Poems, wherein is the Hiſtory of 
Sampſon, Fonah, Eſther, and Fob Militant ; Argalus and Parthenia; 
Enchiridion of Meditations, Drvine and Moral; Pentalogia, or, Th 
Nuinteſſence of Meditation ; The Loyal Convert, with ſome others. 


Kes-29n AUTHORS. R 115 
R 
Thomas Randolph. 


[Pur in Northamptonſhire gave Birth, Weſtminſter School, 


and Trinity Colledge, Cambridge, (where he was Fellow) 

a learned Education to this Poet. We was an adopted 
Son of Ben. Fohnſon ; and dyed Young, tho' his exa&t Age I know 
hot ; he writ theſe following Plays. 

Amintas ; or, The Impoſſible Dowry, a Paſtoral, 8v0. 1688. This 
was ated before the King and Queen at White-Hall. - 

Ariftippus ; or, The Fovial Philoſopher, a Tragi-Comedy, 8w. 
15388, to which 1s added, The Conceited Pedlar. This was preſent- 
ed 1n a private Shew. | 
Hey for Honeſtly, Down with Knavery, a Comedy, 4to. 1651. 
Tranſlated from Ariftophanes's Plautus. . This was ſince augmented 
and publiſhed in 8. by another Hand, (viz.) F. 7. 

_ The Jealous Lovers, a Comedy, 8v9. 1668. This was preſented 
totheir Majeſties at Cambridge, by the Students of Trinity-Colledge, 
and has been accounted the beſt of his Plays, it was reviſed by the 
Author in his Life-time, and fince reviv'd on the Stage, 1682. It 
is dedicated to Dr. Comber, Dean of Carliſle. 

. The Muſes Looking-G!ajs, a Comedy, 80. 168t. before called, 
The Entertainment. Sir Aſton Cockain, and one Mr. Rich, formerly 
< © oma Colledge, Oxon, have given great Commendation of 

1s Play. 

The Af firſt and two Iaſt of theſe Plays are printed at Oxon 

with his Poems. 


Edward Ravenſcroft. 


. Gefitleman of an Ancient Family, and tho' defign'd for the 
- A Law, and once a Member of the Middle Temple, was 677A 
uit the rugged Paths of Bufineſs for Poetry, in which he has 
performed with various Succeſs. So omitting Mr. Langhain's Per- 
al RefleQions, which favour ſtrongly of the Univerſity, I ſhall 
proceed to an Account of the Plays. ol 
__ | The Anatomiſt ; of, The Sham Do#tor, a Comedy, 4to. 1597. 
aKed at the Duke's Theatre in Little-Lincolns-Im-Fields, and de- 
dicated to Thomas Ravenfcroft, Eſq; late High-Sheriff of Flintſhire. 
This Play met with extraordinary Succeſs having the Advantage 
o - <nnponen Mufick of The Loves of Mars and Venus ” 
[ k z TR, 


116 Known AUTHORS, BR 


The Canterbury Gueſts ; or, A Bargain Broken, a Comedy, 4to: 
1695. acted at the Theatre Royal, and dedicated to Rowland Eyre 
Eſq; this Play had not that Succeſs the Poet defired, as may be 
gathered from the Epiſtle. 

The Careleſs Lovers, a Comedy, 4to. 1573. Aded at the Duke's 
Theatre. Part of this Play borrowed: from Molliere's Monſteur de 
Pourceaugnac, 80, 

The Citizen turn'd Gentleman, a Comedy, 4to. 1675. ated at the 
Duke's Theatre, and dedicated to his Highneſs, Prince Rupert, 
Borrowed from the ſame Author he made uſe of in the fore-going 
Play, and Molliere's le Burgnis Gentlehome. 

Dame Dobſon; or, The Cunning Woman, a Comedy, 4to. 1684, 
ated at the Duke's Theatre. Tranſlated from Lz Deventreſſe, 1 
French Comedy. 

Engliſh Lawyer, a Comedy, 4to. 1678. aQted at the Theatre 
Royal, tranſlated from the Latin Ignoramus. 

The Italian Husband, a Tragedy, 4to. 1697. ated at the Thea 
tre in Little-Lincalns-Inn-Fields. To this Play, befides the Pro 
logue, is prefixt a Dialogue, which he calls, The Prelude. Thi 
Di:courſe is managed by the Poet, a Critick,, and one Mr. Peregrin 
the Poet's Friend ; Mr. Peregrine and the Poet would make it 0 
that the Italian Way of writing a Tragedy in Three Afts, 1s ve 
commendable; That I ſhall leave to the Deciſion of our great 
ſter Horace, who will have the Dramma neither more. nor leſs tha 
Five. Then the Pozt ſeems under another Miſtake, in thinking 
that becauſe an 7talian Lady would efteem you a dull, heavy an 
Phlegmatick Lover, if you ſhould waſte time mm idle Ceremony an 
Complement ; it is Excuſe enough for her yielding ſo ſoon 1 
his Play: For if they are ſuch, they are no fitter for a Tr 
gedy, than one of our Engliſh Proſtitutes, and can here merit t 
more Pity. And tho' it is an extraordinary thing to make us pi 
the Guilty, ( which I know none but 0tway could do ) yet t! 
Avdience muſt be very Compaſſionate, to pity to willing an Adu 
tery as this; and her Repentance proceeds from Fear, more than 
Senſe of the Crime, or at leaſt from the ſeeming Generoſity of ti 
Husband, join'd with a Fear of Death. Our Yoet is under the ſar 
Miſtake with other of our modern Writers, who are fond ( 
cruel, barbarous, and bloody -Stories, and think no Tragedy « 
be good, without ſome Villain in it ; but of this elſewhere. 
for the Laconic. Way he affe&s, I ſhall only fay this, That it was! 
we only with the Lacedemonians, who were alſo Maſters of the 
Paſſions ; and never the more natural for being ſhort, for'very 
Paſſions, and only ſome part of them, are to be'drawn int 
ſnip ſnap way. TI only ſay this in reſpe& to the Ancients, whe 
Prattice 1s natural, and direMy contrary to our Author*, 


od 


ww 0 Wm A TS 


Ki 


4 


Known AUTHORS. R 


King Edgar and Alfreda, a Tragedy, 4to. 1677. Plot from 

'o' | Engliſh Chronicles ; ſee alſo The Annals sf Love, 840. 

'e The London Cuckolds, a Comedy, 4#0. 1683. atted at the Duke's 

bef| Theatre. Plot part from Scarron's Novels, 840. Nov. 1. {viz.) 
The Fruitleſs Precaution, Part from Les-Contes Du-Siexr Dowulle, 

e's 80. part 2. pag. 121. And part from Beccace's Novels, Day 7. 

del Nov. 6, 7. 

Scaramouch a Philoſopher, Harloquin a School-Booy, Bravo a Mey- 
hefÞ chant «nd Magician; a Comedy after the 7talian Manner, 4to. 
11. 1577. ated at the Theatre Royal. Part of this Play taken from 
ng Molliere's Le Bourgeois Gentlehomme ; and part from Le Marriage 
Farce, 8v9. 

The Wrangling Lovers; or, The Inviſible Miſtreſs, a Comedy, 4to. 
1577. ated at the Duke's Theatre. Compare this with a Play 
called, Les Engagements du Hazard, by Corneille , and a Romance, 
called, Deceptio Viſus, or , Seeing and Believing are two Things, 

V0. | 
The Tragedy of Tits Andronicys, by Shak-(pear, was about the 
time of the Popiſh Plot, revived and altered by this our Au- 
thor; who, in his Epiſtle, denies it to be Shabeſpear's, and then 
boaſts of his own Labour and Pains therein, by making great Alte- 
rations and Additions, and that he had not only refined the Lan- 
guage, but made many Scenes entirely new, 


Thomas Rawlins. 


Rincipal Graver of the'Mint to both the K.Charles's, till he died, 
KL .1570. and when he was very young, writ a Play, called, 

The Rebellion, a Tragedy, 4to. 1640. afted by his Majeſty's 
Company of Revels, Nine Days ſucceſſively, as alſo divers times 
ſince with good Applauſe, and dedicated to a Kinſman of his, Ro- 
bert Ducie, of Aſton 1n-the County of Stafford, Eſq; There is print- 
ed 11 Copies of Verſes with this 'Play, in Commendation of the 


Author. 


o Edward Revet. 


+ Why E Author of a Play, publiſhed 1671. called, - 

The Town Shifts 5 or, The Suburbs Fuſtice, a Comedy, 4to. 
1671, afted at his Royal Highneſs, the Duke of 7ork's Theatre. 
This is an inſtruftive Play. | 


I 3 Nathaniel 


117 


-_ — RT _ j- — — =, 1 — == : _ _—_——_ — _ 
_ _ ©» ——_ _— 
_ WV on eo oy HAuiTo—_—— oo—y ——_ —- —— _—— © th. —— —_ 
_—_— : _— 


Sans 4 © _ a ae _ ——— 
- q ow, 
>< —— ——__— __—©_—_—_—_ 
_ 


——_—————— 


118 Known AUTHORS. R 


Nathaniel Richards. 


N Author in the time of King Charles the Firſt, and publiſhed 
A onePlay about the ry of the Civil Wars, called, 
Meſſalina, the Roman Empreſs, her Tragedy, 8vo. 1640. Thy 
was atted divers times by the Company of his Majeſty's Revels, 
with great Applauſe ; and dedicated to the Right Honourable, 
Fobn Cary, Viſcount Rochford. Plot from Suetonins, Claudtan, 
Pliny, Juvenal, and Plutarch. | 


Wilkanm Rider. 


His Author was Maſter of Arts, and writ one Play, called, 
The Twins, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1655. atted at the pri 
vate Houſe in Salisbury-Court, with general Applauſe. | 


William Rowley, vide Webſter, &Cc. 


HE ſtudied once at Pembrook-Hall, Cambridge, and was in 
writing Aﬀociate with Shakeſpear, Fletcher, Maſſinger, Hey- 
wood, (5c. 30Y 
All's loſt by Luſt, a Tragedy, 4to. 1633. atted at the Phenix in 
Drury-Lane, by the Lady Elizabeth's Servants. Plot, Lipſi: Monita, 


; Lib. 1. Cap. 5. &c. Turquet, Lib. 5. Cap. 30. Unfortunate Lt- 


vers, Nov. 3. 

A Match at Midnight, a pleaſant Comedy, 4to. 1633. Plot of 
Bloodhound's being hid under the Widow's Bed, taken "oi an old 
Story, you may alſo find in The Engliſh Rogue, part 4. chap. 19. 

A Shoemaker's, a Gentleman, a Comedy, 4to. 1638. ſtyled, A 
merry and Pleafant Comedy, as it has been ſundry times ated at 
the Red Bull. Plot from The Hiſtory of the Gentle Craft, 4to. 

A new Wonder, a Woman never vext, a . Comedy, 1632. The 
Widow's finding her Wedding Ring in a Fiſhes Belly, founded of 
the Story of Polycrates, in Thaita of Herodotus. | 

The Spaniſh Gipſies, a Comedy, 4to. See Middleton, whooin- 
e& with him in this. 

[The Witch of Edmonton, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1658. ated by 


the Prince's Servants at the Cock-pit in Drury-Lane, as alſo once at 
Court, with great Applauſe. | 


Samuel} - 


Rnoun AUTHORS. R 119 


Samuel Rowley. 


d His Author writes himſelf Servant to the Prince of Wales,which 

by the Date of his Play muſt be Charles IT. x 

15 The Noble Spaniſh Soldter ;, or, A Contratt broken juſtly revenged, 

If 4 Tragedy, 4to.. 1634+ This Play was printed after the Author's 
Tr | c 


n, When you ſee me, you know me, or the famous Chronical Hiſtory 
= of Henry VILE. with the Birthand vertuous Life of Edward, Prince 
of Wales, 4to. 1632. This was play'd by the Prince of Wales's 
Servants. Plot from Engliſh Chronicles ; ſee alſo the Life of Kmg 
Herry VIII. by the Lord Herbert, of Cherbury. 


n Toſeph Ritter. 


A Dependant of the Family of the Lord Dorſet,;and. Servant 
A to his Son, and at his Command, tranſlated the Cid of Cor- 
neille, 
| The Cid, a Tragi-Comedy, 80. 1637. ated before their Maje- 
ny flies at Court, and at the Cock-Pit in Drury-Lane, by their Maje- 
”-# tics Servants; dedicated to Edward, Earl of Dorſet, whoſe Son 
put his Hand to ſome part of the Tranſlation from CorneiUle. 
T1 The Cid, Part 1I. a Tragi-comedy, $w. 1640. dedicated to the 
af Lady Theophila Cook, This part was alſo tranſlated from Corneille, 
oF by our Author, at the Command of his Majeſty. Theſe Plays are 
generally bound together, and are founded on Hiſtory ; ſee Rode- 
ol ricde Tolede, and Mariana, (5c. | 
The Shepherds Holiday, a Paſtoral Tragi-Comedy, 8w. 1635. 
ated before their Majeſties atWhite-Hall, by the Queen's Servants. 
This is written in Blank Verſe, and attributed to our Author by 
at Kirkman, in his former Catalogues, though there is no more than 
7. R. affixed to the Title Page. 


Thomas Rymer. 


A Gentleman born in the North of England, the Connery of his 
Family, but I cannot be poſitive to the County ; of which U- 
miverfity he was I know not, but his firſt Applications in this 
Town were to the Law in Grays-Inn. Howeyer, his Learning and 
Love to Poetry led him to a Conſideration of thoſe Authors, which 
ſet him up for a Critic ; and it muſt be confeſs'd, that he has me- 
et} - rited ſome Praiſe in his Preface to Rs and the firſt part - this 
| 4 '_YiEeW 


* 


120 Rnown AUTHORS. 5 


View of the Tragedies of the laſt Age; tho'.I cannot ſo much as 

ce with thoſe that allow moft of the Errors he has found in 
Sha oſpear, Juſt; for I'm confident it may be made Evident, that 
not the fifth part have _ He, ſince the Death of Mr. 
Shadwell, has the Place of Hiſtoriographer to his Majeſty, for 
which Office 'tis certain his Learning very well qualifies him. 

Edgar; or, The Engliſh Monarch, an Heroick Tragedy , 4to. 
1678. dedicated to King Charles the Second. 'Mr. Ravenſcroſt 
hath writ a Play on the ſame Subje&, publiſhed the Year before 
this. For the Plot, conſult W. Malmsbury, H. H. Huntingdon, Rog. 
Hoveden, Pol. Virgil, and other Engliſh Chronicles : ſee alſo The 
Annals of Love, 8vs. | 


S 


Thomas Sackvile, ſee Norton. 


Thomas St. Serf. 


T' E Author of one PI, called, 

Tarugo's Wiles; or, The Coffee- Houſe, a Comedy, 4to. 1668. 
ated at the Duke of 7ork's Theatre; dedicated to the Right Ho- 
nourable, George, Marqueſs of Huntley. One part of this Play is 
built on No Puedeſer; or, It cannot be, a Spaniſh Play : and another 
part on Sir Courtly Nice, written by Mr. Crown. | | 


Wiltiam Sampſon. 


A Retainer of Sir Henry Willoughby's Family of Richley in Derhby- 
_* ſhire, in the Reign of King Charles the Firſt. He writ one 
Play and part of another. | 

The Vow-breaker; or, The Fair Maid of Clifton, in Nottirgham- 
ſhire ; a Tragedy, 4to. 1633. afted by ſeveral Companies with 
great Applauſe ; and dedicated to Mrs. Ann Willoughby, Daughter 
to Sir Henry, aforeſaid. 

Herod and Antipater, a Tragedy, 4to. See Markham, with 
whom he joined in this, co 


George 


% 


dt a> a7 a - as i A Aww. kia. Ma 


kk ad fo > co. Pa 


Knows AUTHORS. 5 I2r 


George Sandys, Eiq; 


Th Foot was Son - | rag: ARC Ig. beep at 1 

ops-Thorp, in Tork-ſhire, 1577. was enter'd 1n St. Mary-Heall, 

Oxon, - Eleven Years old; began his Travels about the World 
1610. the Year of the Murder of Henry IV. of France. among his 
Poetical Works he tranſlated a Latin Play of Hugo Grotivs, entitu- 
led, Chriſt's Paſſion. He died at Boxley-Abby, 1n Kent, being his 
Nephew Mr. W:at's Seat, and buried in the Chancel of that Church, 
March 7. 1543. 

Chriſt's Paſſion, a Tragedy, 80. 1640. dedicated to King Charles 
the Firſt. Tranſlated from the Latin of Hugo Grotrus, with An- 
notations. It was reprinted with Sculptures, 8v9. 1688. 
| This Author alſo tranſlated Owid's Metamorphoſis, publiſhed like- 

' wiſe with Sculptures, Fol. 1632. 


Charles Saunders. 


Fs young Gentleman writ a Play, whilſt a King's Scholar, 
called 
Tamberlain the reat, a Tragedy, 4to. 1681. ated by his Ma- 
jelty's Servants at the Theatre Royal, as alſo before the King at 
Oxon. This Play was highly commended by Mr. Zanks, and other 
Poets. Plot from Afleria and Tamerlane, a Novel, 8we. 


Thomas Scot. 


AN Author yet living, he was a Weflminſter Scholar, and lately a * 
Student in Cambridge, who has given the Town two new 

in Appearance, at leaſt two new Titles, the firſt in Order, and 

writing, is, 

The Mock Marriage, a Comedy, 4to. ated at the Theatre in 
Dorſet-Garden, by his Majeſty's Servants, 1696. This Author has 
given us no Proof of his Talent in Flattery, for he has dedicated 
neither of thoſe Plays he has appeared in ; buthe has that part of a 
Poet however, of flattering himſelf (as indeed every Man does more 
or leſs) in defending what the Town has once condemned, for tho' 
a bad Play may take, yet we hear very few Inſtances that a good 
one miſcarried ; *tis true, this is like other general Rules, not 
without its Exception. This particular Play met with 

- Succeſs, for the Seaſon of the Year, conſidering 1t the firſt 
' Effay of a young Writer, unacquainted with the Town. = 


Ch 


132 , Rnown AUTHORS. S 


The Unhappy Kindneſs ; or, 4 Fruitleſs Revenge, a Tragedy; 4to, 
ated at the Theatre Royal, 1696. This, Play 1s only the Wife 
for a Month of Fletcher's alter'd, tho' he has thought fit to retain 
its greateſt Faults, in the CharaGter of the Wife, whoſe Behaviour 
to her Husband, to provoke him to eaſe her of her Maiden-head, is 
by no means agreeable to the Modeſty of the Sex, which is a Sin 
againſt the Mannets. 


Elkanah Settle. 


AN Author now living, who was ſome time at Trinity-Colledge, 

Oxon ; but coming to London, and having been there poflefſed 
with Poetry, ſpent a very good Fortune, and then ſtuck to 
the Stage, winch yet would not ſtick to him ; his fickleneſs in po- 
litical Principles (having once been an aQtive Man for the Whigg- 
Party) loft him too his Friends on the other Side, without any Re» 
ward for his Deſertion, Whatever his Plays are (which if com- 
par d with the beſt of our preſent Writers, I mean ſome of them, 
tar excel 'em) in the Opinion of his Enemies, he has perform'd 
in me, with no lefs applauſe than Merit; in his Diſpute with 
Mr. Dryden, he had evidently the better of him; tho", being a 
modeſt Man, he ſuffer'd himlcit to be rnn down by his Antago- 
nit in his Intereſt 1a the Town, 

The Ambitious Slave; or, A Generous Revenge, a Tragedy ated 
at the Tacatre Royal, 4to. 1534. and dedicated to the Honoured 
7Zobn Bright, Efq, which Dedication the Auther begins with the 
xif Fortune of the Pliy. The Scene he has plac'd in Perſia, from 
whence I find he 15 ſcurce to be got. 

Cambyj*s, King of Perſia, a Tragedy, 4to. 1675. atted at the 
Duke's Theatre; dedicated to the Illuſtrious Princeſs Ann, Dutcheſs 
of Monmouth. This Pliy fold two Impreffions before this time of 
printing, and is in Heoroick Verſe. Plot, -Zuftin, Lib. 1, Cap. 9. 
Amianus Marcellinus, Lib. 23. Herodotus, &c. | 

The Conqueſt of China by the Tartars, a Tragedy, 410. 1676. 
ated at the Duke's Fheatre ; and dedicated to the Lord Caſtle-Ri- 
f.nz. This Play is founded on Hiſtory, and writ in Heroick Verſe. 
Plat, Meylin's Coſmography, Book 3- Conqueſt of China by Signior 
Palafax, Enxsliſhed, 8v2. Lewy de Guſman, and Gonzales de Men- 
40724 
Diſtreſſed Innocence ; or, The Princeſs of Perſia, a Tragedy, 4to. 
1591. afted at the Theatre Royal, by their Majeſties Servants ; 
and dedicated to the Right Honourable John, Lord Cufts, Baron 
of Gowram. | 


This 


. oe as ACWwu 


Known AUTHORS. S$ 123 


This Play our Author writ after ten Years Silence, and pays 
his publick Acknowledgment to Mr. Betterton, for his ſeveral ex- 
traordinary hints to the heightning of its beſt Characters, and how 
he was indebted to Mr. Montfort for the laſt Scene thereof, who 
alſo writ the Epilogue. The Story of Hormidas and Cleomirg built 
on true Hiſtory. 

The Empreſs of Morocco, a Tragedy, 4to. 1673. writ in Hero- 
ick Verſe, with Sculptures ; ated at the Duke's Theatre ; and de- 
dicated to the Right Honourable, Henry, Earl of Norwich, and 
Earl Marſhal of England, This Play was writ againſt by Mr. Dry- 
den, Mr.Shadwell,and Mr.Crown, and called, Notes and Obſervations 
on the Empreſs of Morocco; or, Some few Erratas to be printed in- . 
ſtead of the Sculptures, with the ſecond Edition of that Play. 4to, 
1674. Which Pamphlet was anſwered by another. 

Fatal Love ; or, The forc'd Inconſtancy, a Trazedy, 4to. 1680, 
acted at the Theatre Royal z and dedicated to Sir Rob. Owen. Plot 
from Achilles Tatius's Clitophon and Lucippe, a Romance, Book 5. 
which Romance is likewiſe in Engliſh, printed 80. 

The Female Prelate ; or, The Hiſtory of the Life and Death of 
Pope Foan, a Tragedy, 4to. 1680. ated at the Theatre Royal ; and 
dedicated to the Right Honourable Anthony, Earl of. Shaft sbury. 
Plot from Platina's Lives of the Popes, Engliſhed by Sir Paul Ri- 
caut, and the Life and Death of Pope Joan, 8v0. 1675. wherein is 
a Liſt of ſuch Authors who affirm, and others whodeny the Truth 
of this Story. There 1s alſo another ſmall Book of the Life ard 
Death of Pope Joan, writ Dialogue-wiſe, by one Mr. Cook , formerly 
Fellow of Univerſity-Colledge, Oxon. which Piece was fo much va- 
lued then, that 'twas tranſlated into French by 7. de [a Mon- 
taign. 

" The Heir of Morocco, with the Death of Gayland; a Tragedy, 4to. 
1682. a&ted at the Theatre Royal; and dedicated to the Lady 


| Henrietta Wentworth, Baroneſs of Nettleſted. 


Ibrahim, the Illuſtriouws Baſſa; a Tragedy, 4to. 1677. atted at 
Duke's Theatre ; and dedicated to the Dutcheſs of 4{bermarle; it 
is writ in Heroick Verſe. Plot from The 1/uſiriows Baſſa, a Ro- 
mance, Fol. | 

Love and Revenge, a Tragedy, 4to. 1675. afted at the Duke's 
Theatre ; and dedicated to the Duke of Newcaſtle. A great part 
of this Play taken from another, called, Fatal! Contra, writ by 
Mr. Hemmings, formerly-of the Univerlity of Oxon. 

Paſtor Fido; or, The Faithful Shepherd, a Paſtoral, qto. 1677. 
ated at the Duke's Theatre, and dedicated to the Lady Elizabeth 
Delaval. It was firſt tranſlated by Sir Richard Fanſhaw, from the 
Italian of Guarini, which Tranſlation our Author has endeavoured 


. to unprove. 


The 


124 Known AUTHORS. $ 


The World in the Moon, an Opera, 4to. 1698. as it is performed 
at the Theatre in Dorſet-Garden, by his Majeſty's Servants ; and de- 
dicatedto Chriflopher Roth, Eſq; This is ſomething unuſual, being 
a comicalJOpera. I think great part of the Run betwixt Palmerin, 
Worthy, Sir,Dotterel, and Jacintha, pleaſant enough, tho' the fir 
and late Eſſay of our Author in the Soc. 


Tho. Shadwell, Eſq; 


Gentleman of a good Family in the County of Norfolk; 

was well received by the Noblemen of Wit, eſpecially the 
preſent Earl of Dorſet, the late Duke of Newcaſtle, fc. he was on 
the Revolution made Poet Laureat, which place he held till his 
Death, which happened about three or four Years fince, His Co- 
medies, at leaſt ſome of them, ſhew him to underſtand Humour; 
and 4tf he cou'd have drawn the Character of a Man of Wir, as 
well as that of a Coxcomb, there wou'd have been nothing want- 
ing to the Perfe&ion of his Dramatick Fables. But to his Plays 1n 
their Order, being Seventeen in Number, (v7z.) 

The Amorous Bigotte, with the Second part of Teague O Drvelly, 
a Comedy 4to. 1650. ated by their Majſties Servants ; and dedi- 
cated to the Right Honourable Charles, then Earl, now Duke of 
Shrewsbury. 

Bury Fair, a Comedy, 4to. 1689. ated by his Majeſty's Ser- 
vants ; and dedicated to the Right Honourable Charles, Earl-of Dor- 
ſet and Middleſex, then Lord Chamberlain of his Majeſty's Hoſhoid. 
Part of this Play taken from the Duke of Newcaftle's Triumphant 
Widow, and part from Molliere's Precieuſes Ridicules. 

. Efgfom Wells, a Comedy, 4to.. 1676. aRed at the Duke's Theatre; 
and dedicated to his Grace the Duke of Newcaſtle. 'Tis a pleaſant 
Commendation of Mr. Langbain, ( whoſe m2: Mr. Shadwell 1s) 
to bring Monſieur St, Erveremont's Praiſe of it who cannot ſpeak 
a Word of Engliſh, and by Conſequence none of the beſt Judges 
of the Goodneſs of our Engliſh Plays, which require a Maſtery of 
our Tongue. 

The Humouriſts, a Comedy, 4to. 1671. ated by his Royal High- 
nefs's Servants; and dedicated to the moſt Illuſtrious Margaret, 
Dutcheſs of Newcaſtle. This Play (tho' the Deſign of it was good) 
met with many Enemies at its firſt appearance on the Stage. 

The Lancallite Witches, and Teague O Divelly, the Iriſh Prieſt ; a 
Comedy, gto. 1682. ated at the Duke's Theatre. Heywood and 
Brome have writ on the ſame Subje, but not ſo diverting. 

The Liberte, a Comedy, 4to. 1676. a&ted by his Royal High- 
neſſes Servants; and dedicated to his Grace the Duke of Newcaſite. 


This 1s accgunted one of his beſt Plays, and is diyerting enough. 
| Plot 


Knows AUTHORS. S - 12g 


Plot from Mollzere's L'Atbee Foudroye, (ff H. Atheiflo Fulmi- 
nato. 

The Miſer, a Comedy, 4to. 1672. atted by his Majeſty's Servants, 
at the Theatre Royal; and dedicated to the Right Honourable 
Charles, Lord Buckhurſt, now Earl of Dorſet and Middleſex. Plot 
from Molliteres L'avaree. 

Pſyche, an Opera, 4to. 1575. atted at the Duke's Theatre, and 
dedicated to his Grace James, Duke of Monmouth. This being 
the firſt Play he writ in Rhime, met with divers Enemies. Our 
Author made uſe of the French Pſyche, and of Apuleius's Aſinus Au- 
rews, which is alſo in Engliſh, 4tv. 1639. 

The Royal Shepherdeſs, a Tragi-Comedy. 4to. 1669. ated by 
his Highneſs the Duke of Zork's Servants. This Play is taken from 
The Reward of Vertue, writ by Mr. Fountain. 

The Scowrers, a Comedy, 4to.. 1691. ated by their Majeſties 
Servants; and dedicated by his Widow, to the late Queen, of 
ever bleſſed Memory. I think in this Comedy there is a great 
deal of noiſy Humour, and that not unpleaſant. The Characters 
of Eugenia, and Clara are Copies of Sir George Etheridge, at leaſt 
that of Eugenia is of Harriot, and fo 1s Sir William Rant, a faint 
one of Dorimant, 'and Sir Frederic Frolick. 

The Squire of Alſatia, a Comedy, 4to. 1688. adted by their Ma- 
jeſties Servants ; and dedicated to the Earl of Dorſet and Middleſex. 
ie Flay, which met with good Succeſs, is founded on Terence's. 
Aaelphr. | 

The ſullen Lovers; or, The Impertinents, a Comedy, 4to. 1670. 
and dedicated to his Grace William, Duke of Newcaſtls. Plot from 
Molliere's Les, Facheaux. 

Timon of Athens ; or, The Man-hater,' a Tragedy, 4to. 1678. 
ated at the Duke's Theatre, and dedicated to the late Duke of 
Buckingham, Moſt part of this Play is Shakeſpear's ; nay, and the 
Criticks ſay, all of it that is good for any thing. 

The True Widiw, a Comedy, 4to. 1679. atted at the Duke's The- 
atre, and dedicated to Sir Charles Sidley. This Play has not ap- 
peared very often on the Stage, tho' Mr. Langbain commends the 
Charaters and Humours to be as well drawn as any of this 
Ape. 
he Volunteers ; or, The Stock-Jobbers, a Comedy, 4to. 1693. 
and dedicated by his Widow to the Queen. Sir Timothy Caſtrils 
growing Valiant on his Rencounter with Nickum, 1s very like the 
Little French Lawyer of Fletcher ; only Sir Timothy preſerves his Va- 
Tour to the end of the Play ; tho' we have not the Experiment 
whether the fight of his Blood would not have had the ſame Effe&t 


on him. 
The 


326 Known AUTHORS. $ | 

The Woman Captain, a Comedy, 4to. 1680. ated at the Duke's 
Theatre, by his Royal Highnelſs's Servants ; and dedicated to Hen- 
YY, Lord Ogle, Son to the Duke of Newcaſtle. 


VWiillian Shakeſpear. 


H* was born and buried in Stratford upon 4vn, in Warwick- 
ſhire. T have beentold that he writ the Scene of the Ghoſt 
in Hamlet, at his Houſe which bordered on the Charnel-Houſe and 
Ghurch-Yard.. He was both Player and Poet; but the greateſt Po- 
et that ever trod the Stage, I am of Opinion, in ſpight of Mr. 
Zoonjen, and others from him, that though —— 


the former, ſo well as perfeftly to be Maſter of their Hiſtories, for 
inall his Roman CharaGQters he has nicely followed Hiſtory, and you 
find his Brutus, his Caſſizs, his Anthony, and his Ceſar, his Corio- 
lame, gyc. juſt as the Hiſtorians of thofe times deſcribe 'em. He 
died on the 23d of April, 1616. and is buried with his Wife and 
Daughter in Stratford-Church afore-ſaid, under a Monument on 
which 1s a Statue leaning on a Cuſhion, and this Infcription : 


Ingenio Pylum, genio Socratem, arte Maronem, 
Terra tegit, Populus merit, Olympus habet. 


Stay, Paſſenger, why doſt thou go ſo faſt 2? | 
Read, if thou cant, whom envieus Death has plac'd 
W:thin this. Manument, Shakeſpear, with whom 
Nuick Nature died, whoſe Name doth deck the Tomb 
Far more than'coſt, fince all that he hath writ 
Leaves living Art, but Page, to ſerve big Wit. 
Obut An. Dom. 1616. At. 53. Die 23. Apr. 


Near the Wall on a plain Stone, which covers him, is this | 


Epitaph : 


Gnod Friend, for Feſuus Sake forbear 

To dig the Duſt encloſed here. 

Bleſt be the Man that ſpares theſe Stones, 
And curſt be he that moves my Bones. 


All's well that ends well, a Comedy. Plot from Boccace's Novels, 
Day 3. Nov. 9. Juliet of Narbona, &c. | | 

Anthony and Cleopatra, a Tragedy, fol. Plot from Plutarch in vi- 
ta Antoni. | 


e might not 
that Critic in Latin and Greek as Ben; yet that he underſtood 


As 


FF... wed OO 


Knows AUTHORS. $S 127 
As you like it, a Comedy, Fpl. . | 
The Birth of Merlin; or, The Child has toſt. bis Father, a Tra- 
pi-Comedy, 4to.- 1662. Mr. Rowley join'd with our Author in this 
_y, rig, Ethelv:ord, G. Monmouth, Bede, PolidorggVirgit, Stow, 
Speed, (9c . 

A Comedy of Errors, a Comedy, fol, The Ground from Plautws, 
Amphitruo, and Menechmi. | 

Coriolanus, a Tragedy, fol. Plot from Plutarch's Life of Coriol a+ 
ws, from Livy's Hiſtory, Dioniſuus Hallicarnaſſeus, toc. 

Cromwell, (Thomas, Lord) his Life and Death, a Hiſtory, fol. and 
4to. Plot from Fox's Martyrology, Fuller's Church 7 Dr. Bur- 
net's Hiſt. Reformation, Wanly's Hiſt. of Man. Hacwell's Apology, and 
Lloyd's Engliſh Wort hies. 

Cymbeline, his Tragedy; fol. Mr. Durfey's Injured Princeſs; or, 
_ The Fatal Wager, is only this Play reviv'd. The Plot from Boccate's 

Novels, Day 2. Nov. 9. 

Henry the Fourth, Two Parts, Hiſtory, fol. the firſt Part con- 
taining the Life of Henry Percy, firnamed Hotſpur ; and the comi- 
cal part the Chara&er of Sir Fohn Fal/iaff, which has been play'd 
by the late famous Mr. Lacey, to Admiration. In the ſecond part 

ou have an A of the Death of this King, and the Coronation of 

is Succeſſor. See Geoffry of Monmouth, Caxton, Harding, Hall, 
Grafton, Martin, Hollingſhead, Stow, and other our Engliſh Chro- 
nicles. 

Henry the Fifth, his Life ; Hiſtory, fol. A Comical'part is mixt 
with the Hiſtorical, and contains the Reign of this King, to his 
. Marriage with Katharine of France. See the afore-faid Engliſh 
Chronicles. | 

Henry the Sixth, Three Parts, Hiſtory, fol. In the Second is the 
Death of 'the good Duke Humphrey, in the Third the Death of the 
Duke of 7ork; all the Parts contain the whole Reign of this King. 
See the ſame Engliſh Chronicles. g.. 

Henry the Eighth, his Life; Hiſtory, . fol. The part of King Hen- 
ry was often in King Charles the Second's Time extraotdinary well 
ated by Mr. Betterton. See our Engliſh Chronicles before-men- 
tioned. 

Hamlet, Prince of Denmark ; a Tragedy, fol. and 4to. For the 
Plot ſee Saxo-Grammaticus, Lrantzins, Pontanus, Idacins (oc. 

ohn, King of England ; Hiſtory, fol. for the Plot ſee our Eng- 
tſh Chronicles. 
' Fohn, King of England, his troubleſom Reign, in two parts, Hiſto- 
ry, 4to. 1611. with the Diſcovery of King Richard Cur de Lyons, 
Baſe Son { as vulgarly called) Fawconbridge ; alſo 'the Death 
of the ſaid Ki Fohn at Swinſtead Abby. Theſe Plays were 
ſeveral times ated by the Queen's Majeſtys Players, tho not divi- 
ded 'into Ads, and differ much from the other Play in Fol7o. 


Fulins 


2-400 00-V AS. = i a94 AS ya a tk vo © 7 Nt ene» 62,7, 


| mired in the Author's Life time and publiſhed before his Death. 


"Tate, altered it, An. 1681. he and Mr. Dryden have much applauwi 


128 Known AUTHORS. $S 

Julixs Ceſar, a Tagedy, fol. and 4to Fotnded on Hiſtory. It | 
was revivd and atted divers times-in the Reign of the late Ring 
Charles IT. For the Prologue, which was hi shly commended, ſee 
a ſmall Book, called Covent-Garden Drollery, pag. 9. and for the 
Hiſtory, ſee @Plutarch, Livy, Suetonius. 

Lear, King of England; a Tragedy, fol. and 4to. This Play has 
been reviv'd with Alterations by our preſent Poet Laureat. For 
the true Story, ſee Milton's Hift. of England, beginning pag. 17: 
ſee alſo Leland, Monmouth, Glouceſter, (5c. 

Locrine, Eldeſt Son to King Brutus, a Tragedy, fol. and 4to. 
_ the Plot, fee Milton's Hiſt. of England, and the afore-ſaid Au- 
tnors. ; 

London Prodigal, a Comedy, fol: and 4to. 

Love's Labour loſt, a Comedy, fol. 

Mackbeth, a Tragedy, fol. and 4to. revived and re-printed with 
Alterations and Songs, and now often ated. For the Plot conſult 
Buchanan, and others who have written Scottiſh Afﬀairs ; ſee alfo 
Heywood of Angels, p. $08. Heylin's Coſmography, Book: 1. 

Meaſure fer Meaſure, a Comedy, fol. For the Plot ſee Cynthin 
Girald:, Dec. 8. Nov. 5. Lipſn Monita; p. 125. Hiſftoirs Admirablles 
de nitre temps. þ. 216. 

The Merchant of Venice, a Tragi-Comedy, fol. 

Midſummer-Nights Dream, a Comedy, fol. The comical part 
hereof is printed 4to. under the Title of Bottom the Weaver, and 
acted by ſmall Parties at Bartholomew Fair, and other Places : and 
fince publiſh'd under the Name of The Fairy Queen. | 

Much ado about nothing, a Comedy, fol. Sir William D'avenant | \ 
made uſe of this Play, and Meaſure for Meaſure, in compoſing his 
Law againſt Lovers. For the Plot ſee Ariofto's Orlando Furioſo, Book 
s. and Spencer's Fairy Queen, Book 2. 

Oldcaſtle, Lord Cobham's Life and Death, a Tragedy, fol. Sc 
Fuller's Church Hiſt. and Fox's Book of Martyrs, where you may find 
Sir John Oldcaſtle's Life at large. 

Othello, Moor of Venice, a Tragedy, fol. and 4to. This is ſtill 
often ated, and eſteemed one of the beſt of our Author's Plays 
Plot from Cynthio's'Novels, Dec. 3. Nov. 7. 

Pericles, Prince of Tyre, Hiſtory, fol. This Play was much ad- 


The Puritan; or, The Widow of Watling-Street, a Comedy, fol. 
This was accounted a very diverting Play. 
Richard the Second, Hiſtory, fol. 4to. Our Poet Laureat, Mr. 


ded this Play. Plot from Engliſh Chronicles. | 
Richard the Third, with the Landing of the Earl of Richmond, 
and the Battle of Boſworth-Field, Hiſtory, fol. for the Plot conſult 
our Engliſh Chronicles. 
Rog s 


fa. 0 DDR: w» 


*"... Tas 


l, 


| Rwwm AUTHORS. $ 129 
Romeo and Fuliet; a Tragedy, fol.' Plot from Bande!lo's Novels. 
The Taming of the Shrew, a Comedy, fol. The Story of the 

Tinkar, ſo diverting, may be found in Goulart's Hiſt. Admirabiles 
and Pontus Heuterus, Rerutn Burdicarum. 

The Tempeſt, a Comedy, , Fol. and 4to. This has been reviv'd and 
alter'd by Mr. Dryden, brought it much in eſteem, and i is of 
tate Days often ated. 

Titus Andronichus, 4 a ey, fo and 4to. This Play Fas beetl 
reviv'd and altered > Bom: enſcroft. 

Tithon of Athens,a ragedy, f ol and 4to. This Play,as publiſt'd firſt 
by our Author, was not yihhe into Ads, but has. been —_— 
with. Alterations, by Mr. Shadwell, and for a few Years 
often ated at the Theatre, Royal, as any Tragedy I know. . . 

Troilus and Creſſida, a Tragedy, fol. This was reviyd with Al- 
terations, by Mr. Dryden; who added divers new Scenes. Plot 
from Chancer's Troilus and Creſſida. | 

Twelfth-Night; or, What you will; a Codiady, Fol; Plot from 
Plautus, Amphitruo, Menechmi, &c. 

Two Gentlemen of Verona, a Comedy. . fol. TE Ta þ 

A Winters Tale, a Tragi-Comedy, Fell Plot from ine 
Fawnia, 4to. 

The Tork-ſkire Tragedy, fol. When this Play was firſt þ 
the Title then told you, the Story was new, lamentable, and rhe. 
The Play, being but very ſhort, is not divided into 2008 and may 
rather be accounted an fnterlude than a Tragedy, * 

The Arraignment of Paris, which you may find a 18 the Atio- 


. nymous Plays, has been by Kirkman aſcribed to this Author, but. 
- not being in any Edition of Shakeſpear, 1 much queſtion whether 


it be any of his. 

Our Author writ little elſe, we find in-print only two ſmall oe 
ces of Poetry publiſh'd by Mr. Quarles, viz. Vers Bo Adonis, 8v0, 
1602. and The Rape of Lucrece, 800. 1655, 


Lewis Sharp. 


d ACE Author, who liv'd in the Reign of- King Clizrles the Firſt, 
writ but one Play, viz. 


The Noble Stranger, a Comedy, 4to. 1640. atted at the ptivate 


Houſe in Salisbury-Cotrt, by her Majeſty's Servants; dedicated tg 


Sir Edmund Williams. 


K Edward 


130 Known AUTHORS. $ 
. Edward Sharpham. 


' "A Member of the Middle-Temple, in the time of King 7ames 
A the Firſt, writ and publiſhed one Play, called, _ 

The Fleir, a Comedy, 4to. 1615. ated in the Black-Fryars, by 
the Children of the Revels. Compare this with a Play of Marſton's, 
called, The Fave. | 


| 


FS. Shepheard. 


Zealous Cavalier in the Civil Wars, writ a Play againſt the 
A Parliament Party, fizld, 

The Committte-Man curried, a Comedy, in Two Parts, 4to. 1647. 
Much of it ſtollen from Sir Zohn Suck/tng,and Sir Robert Stapleton's 
Tranſlation of Juvenal, ; 


Edward Sherburn, Eſq: 


= Gentleman Tranſlated Two of Seneca's Tragedies, and is, 
for 'ought I know, yet living, 
Medea, 'a Tragedy, 849. 1548. with Annotations. Mr. Stanly 
in his Poetns has writ a Vindicatxan of this Play. | 
Tivades* - or, The Royal Captives; a Tragedy, 8v0. 1679. f 
_ are*printed together, with ſome Poems of the ſame Au- 
nor, / 


Tho. Shipman, Eſq. 


F His Gentleman dy'd in King Charles the Second's Time, having 
writ one Play, called, 

Henry the Third of France, Stab'd by a Fryat ; with the Full of 
the Guiſes 5, a Tragedy, 4to- 1678. ated at the Theatre Royal ;'K&.: 
and dedicated to the Right Honourable Heniy, Lord Marqueſs of 
MO Plot from Davila, and the Duke of Eſpernon's Lite, ©; 

0Ls | 


Henry Þ© 


Knows AUTHORS. $ it 
Henry Shirley. 


| N Author who liyd in the Reign of King Choles the Firſt, 
FA and writ one Play, which was publith'd after his Death; 


The Martyr'd Soldier, a Tragedy, 4to. 1638. afted at the private. 
fouſe in Drury-Lane, and other publick Theatres by her Majeſty's 
Servants, with great Applauſe. Plot; Barons, (oc. 


James Shirley. 


Contemporary,” as well as Namefake of the Former ; he was. 
IA once of Grays-Inn, and Servant to the King, and a Poet 
eſteemed in the Days of Charles the Firſt. Mr. Langbain | 
him no fraall Praiſe, and indeed he does to moſt of the indi 


Pets, fo that ſhou'd a: Stranger to our Poets read him,” they 
wou'd make an odd Colleftion of our Engliſh Writers, for they 


w'd be ſure to take Heywood, Shirley, (46. and leave Dryden, 
gc. He has printed 37 Plitys; of whsch in their Order, He dy 
Fince the Reſtauration. Wa OAK "IP 
Arcadia, a Paſtotal; 4to. 1640. afttd at the Phenix in Drury- 
Lane, by her Majeſty's Servants. © Plot from Sir Philip Sidhey's Ar- 


lia, fo Fe "TSF AY 
The Ball, a Comedy, 4ts. 1639. ated at the private Houſe in 
Drury-Lane, by her Majeſty's Servants.” Our Author was affſifjed by 
thapman in this Play. | WY LT 

A Bird in a Cage, a Comedy, 4to. 16 . acted at the*Phenix in 
Drary-Lane ; and dedicated to Mr. William Prinne.” 0 

The Brothers, a Comedy, '$%0. 1652. ated at the private Houſe 
It Black-Fryars ; and dedicated to his noble Friend, Thomas Stan- 


Fs Codbnal, a T dy, 8vo, 1652. ated at the private Houſe 
'Blach.Fryars ; and dedicated to his Friend, 6. B. Eſq; .. 
The Changes ; of, Love in a Maze; a Comedy, 4to. 1632. pre- 
Hated at the private Houſe in Saltsbury-Conrt, by the Company of. 
} 6 Majeſty's Revels;, and dedicated to the Honowirable, the Lady 
2, 


Moms, WE wy 


"Iwoth>y Shirley, in Verſe. Compare this and the Maiden Queens . 
Chabot, Admiral of France, a Tragedy, 4fo. 1639. {ted 
PThjeſty's Servants at the private Houſe in Drary-Lane,/ Mr: 
Far join'd with our Anthor in this Play.” -Plpt, Paul Foun Pau 
JEmilizs, Mezeray, and other French Chronicles and Hiſtories inf . 'F: 
be Reign of Francis the Firft.” | 


o 
4 - 


K > 7 


132 Known AUTHORS. S 


The Conſtant Maid; or, Love will find out the Way ; a Comedy 
4to. 1667, This was ated at a new Houſe, called, The Nurſery it 
Hatton-Garden, You may find Hadwell's courting of the Widoi 
Bellamy, by the Advice of Playfair, to be the, Subje& of dive! 
other Plays. 

Contention for Honour and Riches, 'a Maſque, 4tg. 1633. dedic 
ted to Edward Golding of Colfton, in Narthamptonſhire, Eſq; Thi 
Aathor, with this and ſome other Matter, compoſed a Comedj, 
called, Honoria and Mammon, hereafter miged. 

The Contention of Ajax and Ulyſſes for Achilles's Armour, a Maſque 
840. 1658, Plot from Ovid's Metamorpoſis, Book 13. ot 
The Coronation, a Comedy, 4to. Which Play by ſome meay 
or other, was printed with Beaumont's and Fletcher's Plays, thi 1 
none of theirs. | n 
A Court Secret, a Tragi-Comedy, 80. firſt printed 1653. thay [ 
atted at the Black-Fryars; and dedicated to William, Earl 
Strafſord. H 
, Cupid and Death, a Maſque, 4to. 1659. For the Plot, ſee Ogithili V. 
LF /oÞ's Fables, Vol. 1. Fab. 39. : R 
The Doubtful Heir, a Tragi-Comedy, 80. 1652. afted at th 
Black-Fryars ; and dedicated to Sir Edmund Bowyer. For partdſ 
the Story, ſee The Engliſh Adventurers. 80. part 3+ 0 

The Duke's Miſtreſs, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1638. atted at trg-' 
private Houſe in Dewdants by her Majeſty's Servants. = 1 
The Example, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1637. ated at the privaty E| 
Houſe 1n Drury-Lane, by her Majeſty's Servants. 

The Gameſler, a Comedy, 4to. 1637. ated at the private Hou Ti 
18 Drury-Lane, Plot, Queen Margaret's Novels, Day 1. Nov. 8. a nc 
Unluch y Citizen, 80. Ri 

The Gentleman of Venice, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1655. ated &} of 
the private Houſe in Sa/bury-Court, by her Majeſty's Servants, al efl 
.dedicated'to Sir Th. Nightingale, Baronet. For the Plot, conlp + 
, Gayton's Notes on Don Quixot, Book 4. Chap. 6. &c. | pa 
The Grateful Servant, a Tragi-Comedy,. 4to. 1655. atted at Wh'to 
private Houſe in Drury-Lane, by her Majeſty's Servants, with gov Sip 
Applauſe ; and dedicated to the Right Honourable, Francs, Wy : 


of 'Rutland, - Compare” this Play with The Humerous Courtter, Wi Bla 
- by the ſame Author. +7 
Hide-Park , a Comedy, 4to. 1637. preſented by her MajdlllÞ var 


Servants. at the private Houſe in Drury-Lanez and dedicated'F one 
- the Right Honourable, Henry, Earl of Holland. the 
. .Honoria and Mammon, a Comedy, 8vo. Plat grounded oy” 7 
. Maſque of the ſame Author's, calld, Contention for Honour the 
Riches. = 

4 Pla 


Knwn AUTHORS. $! 132 
The Humorous Courtier, a Comedy, 4to. 1640. prefented at the 
yi0d private Houſe in Drury-Lane, with good Applauſe. _ . 

ow) The Impoſture, a Tragi-Comedy, 8w, 1652. ated at the private 
ers Houſe in Black-Fyars; and dedicated to Sir Rob. Bylles, Baronet. 

| The Lady of Pleaſure, a Comedy, 4to. 1637. ated at the private 
ic. Houſe in Drury-Lane, by her Majeſty's Servants ; and dedicated to 
hf the Right Honourable, Richard, Lord Lovelace, of Hurley. Part 
dj,0 of this Play reſembles parfin The Grateful Servant. a 

Love Tricks; or, the School! of Compliments; a Comedy, 4to, 
wi 1657. acted at the Theatre in Little-Lincolns-Inn-Fields, by his 
"| Royal Higneſs, the Duke of York's Servants. 

Love's Cruelty, a Tragedy, 4t0. 1540. ated at the privgte Houſe 
in Drury-Lane, by her Majeſty's Servants; and dedicated to Cor- 
net George Porter, and Mr. Charles Porter. See Cynthio's Novels, 
ay Dec. 3. Nov.6. and Q. Margaret's Novels, Day 4. Nv' 6. 
| The Maid's Revenge, a Tragedy, 4to. 1539. adted at the private 
Houſe in Drury-Lane, with good Applauſe, by her Majeſty's Ser- 
g vaots. This Play is dedicated to Henry Osborn, Eſq; Plot from 

Reynold's God's Revenge againſt Murther, fol. Book 2. Hiſt. 7. 
ell 7he Opport «nity, a Comedy,4to. ated at the private Houſe in Dru- 
tall 1-Lane, by her Majeſty's Setvants ; it 1s dedicated to Capt. Richard 

wen. Compare this Play with Shakeſpear's Meaſure for Meaſure. 
-' The Politician, a Tragedy, 4to. 1555. preſented at Salibury- 
Court, by her Majeſty's Servants ; and dedicated to Walter Atyle, 
ay Eſq; For the Plot ſee the Counteſs of Montgomery's Urania. 

The Royal Maſter, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1638. ated at the 
© Theatre in Dublin, and 1n the Caſtle there before the Right Ho- 
nourable, the Lord Deputy of Ireland; and dedicated to the 
Right Honourable, George, Earl of Kildare. By the many Copies 
of Verſes in Commendation of this Play, we may guefs it was well 
eſte : 2 d. 

”$t. Patrick for Ireland, a Hiſtory, 4to. 1640. There is but one 
of this Play printed ; a ſecond was deſigned by the Author 

y the Preſs, but never publiſh'd. See Bedes Life of St. Patrick , 
wy Sigibert, Baleus, Baronins, &c. 

" The Siſters, a'Comedy, 8. 1652. ated at the private Houſe in 

* Black-Fryars ; and dedicated to William Paulet, Efq; 

# - The Traytor, a Tragedy, 4to. 1635. acted by her Majeſty's Ser- 

IF yants ; and dedicated to the Duke of Newcaſtle. This Play was 

T one Mr. Rivers's, a Jeſuit, tho' alter'd a little and introduc'd into 

the Houſe by Shirley. 

'The-Triumph of Beauty, a Maſque, 8vo. 1646, Compare this to 
the comical Part of the Midſummer-Nights Dream, and another 

.| part to Bottom the Weaver, both by Shakeſppur : ſee alſo Lucian's 
Dialogues. This is printed with the Author's Poems, 80. 


K 3 The 


- 


124 Known AUTHORS. S 


The Wedding, a Comedy, 4to. 16 . ated by her Majeſty's Sex 
vants at the Phentz ) in Drury-Lane , and dedicated to Wiſfam Gow 


fr ke Witty Fair one, a Comedy, 4to. 1633. atted at the private -. 
Houſe in Drury-Lane ; and dedicated to Sir Edward Buſhel.. 1. 
' The Toung Admiral, a Tragi-Comedy, 4t9. 1637. afted at they 
private Houſe jn Drury-Lane ; and dedicated to the Right Honey 
Table, George, Lord' Barkley. | 


Sir Charles Sidley. 


His Noble Gentleman is yet living, and has been eſteem'd i 
Man of the Firſt Rank of Wit: He writ theſe three folloy 
ing Plays : | 
Anthony and Cleopatra, a Tragedy, 4to. 16 77: ated at the Dukei] 
Theatre. Plot from APpien, Dion Caſſius, Plutarch's Life of + 
Antho 
| Bellamira; or, The Mt! heſe 3 a Comedy, 4to. 1687. atted by. 
his Majeſty's Servant; The Ground from Terrence's Exnuchis. 
The Mulberry Garden, a Comedy, 4to. 1668. ated at the Thef 
atre Royal, by his Majeſty's Servants. This Play is dedicated t 
her Grace the Dutcheſs of Richmond and: Lenox. Sir John Ever 
young, and Sir Samuel Ferecaſtle copied from Malliere's L Eſcole & | 
A Pp | 


Jobs Smith. 


Gentleman of Snentm, in Zork-ſhire, and now (or lately)! þ 
k ving ; ;'he writ a Play that was neyer adted, called, 
- Cytherea ; "or, The Enamouring Girdle, a Comedy, 4to, 1671 
This my the Author dedicated to the Northern Gentry. ' - 


Wilians Smith. | 


TE, wa writ one Play in King James the Firſt his wi 


LE Heer of f URLS ; or, The Palſerave Prime Elefhor ; 
ſtory, 4to. 1615. afted at the Red Bull, fyc. by : Compary ; 
youlbg Citizens, and dedicated to the ri ght Ao hob ir John 
Swinnerton, Lord Mayor of London. This Play is not divided i 


AQ, - He writ, with the Aſſiſtance of one Mr. Webbe, a Book , 
rs d, "ne Dejrptic f the _ Palatine of C heſter.. 


— 


Thomas 


Knwn AUTHORS. S I35 


” Thomas Southern. 

"ate - 

= Gentleman now living, who, as I have been infornyd, made 
the At firſt Application to the Law ;- but quitted thoſe rougher 
00- ies for the more pleaſing Entertainment of the Muſes ; and. 


after the writing of two Plays, with no ill Succeſs, at leaſt with 
very good Judges, may'd by his ative Temper, he left, for ſome 
Years, the calmer retreat of Poetry for the War till, in the- 
Year 1690. he preſented the Town with that diverting Comedy of 
Str Anthony Love, and Six-more;- but of all intheir order : 
.. The Diſappointment ; or, The Mother in Faſhion; ated at the The- 
atre Royal, 1684. 4to,. and dedicated to the Right Honourable, 
es, 'Earl of 0fſery (the preſent Duke of” Ormond). The Curious 
Impertinent of the incomparable Hiſtory of Don Quixot, ſeems to 
have given our Author an Hint of the Plot. 

The Loyal Brother ;, or, The Perſian Prince 3 a Tragedy, ated at 

. the Theatre Royal, by their Majeſties Servants, 1682. 4fo. and 
dedicated to his Grace, the Puke of Richmmd. This was his 

| hr Fay, and is - built on the Novel of Tachmas, Prince of Per- 
ta, 8V0, . 

The Fatal Marriage; or, The Innocent Adultery; a Play, ated 
at the Theatre Royal, by their Majeſties Servants, 1694. 4to. and 
dedicated to Anthony Hammond, of Somerſham Place, Eſq; In the 
Dedication our Author owns his taking a hint of the Tragica] 
part of this Play, from a Novel of Mrs. Behn's, call'd, The Nun ; 
or, The Fair Vow-breaher. This Play was receiv'd with vaſt Ap- 
plauſe, and is yet afted with Succeſs ; the Diſtreſs of the Story 

4 being extreamly movinz, and the Paſſions very well touch'd by the 
'' Author ; tho' had he made Villeroy and Biron Friends, it wou'd 
74 have ſomething heighten'd the Diſtreſs. In the Comical part, the 
"| Hint of Fernando being perſuaded to believe that he had been dead, 
buried, and in Purgatory, ſeems to be owing to The Little Thief 
of Fletcher. 

The Maid Laſt Prayer ; or, Any thing rather than Fail ; a Come- 
dy, afted at the Theatre Royal, by their Majeſties Servants, 1693. 
4to. and dedicated to the Honourable, Mr. Charles Boyt. * 

Oroonobo, a Tragedy, ated at the Theatre Royal, by his Majeſty's 
Servants,' 1696. 4to. and dedicated to his Grace, William, Duke 

i of Devonſhire, (ye. in which the Author makes this ingenuous Ac- 

| knowledgement, which few Poets have formerly done ; wiz. © 1 

** ſtand engaged to Mrs. Behn for the occafion of a moſt paſſionate 

*© Diſtreſs. in my laſt Play, (which was The Innocent Adultry) and 1 

| © a Conſcience that I had not made her a ſufficient Acknowledg- 

| ©rment, I have run farther dijo Tru, with a Deſign'to + : 
{Se 4 D 


vl 


o 


T3: 


S 5 _ 14 | wot 
9 By #1 S711 . Te Sharkey Pans 67 I 


% 


7.36 Knows AUTHORS. S 
* me to be Honeſt, and that every one may find me out for Ingra- 
* titude, when I don't ſay all that's fit for me upon that Subjett ; 
© ſhe had a great Command of the Stage, and I have often won- 
* der'd that ſhe ſhould bury her Favourite Hero in a Nov&, when 
s ſhe might have reviv'd him in the Scene. I have: quoted 
this, becauſe 'tis very uncommon with Authors to ſpeak well of 
thoſe they borrow from in/their Writings,for I have known a great 
Man perpetual rail at the French Authors, and yet 'contradiet his 
Refle&ions on them, ' by filling his Writings 'with their Wit 
and Deſigns; and I have fo often experienc'd this Par- }: 
ticular, among the Writers of our Age, that when I hear any of. 
them condemn, either our Ancient or Modern Authors, I conclude, 
'he has been robbing there, and would deter us from finding out' 
His Theft. But as to this Play of Oroonoþs, you find our Poet has 
'allow'd the Plot of it Mrs. Behn's; for on that: Prince ſhe has com» 
pos'd the beſt of her Novels : and as it muſt be confeſs'd that the 
Play had not its mighty Succeſs without an innate Excellence ; fo 
in my Opinion, the neceſſary regularities a Dramatick Poet is ob-_ 
liged to obſerve, has left many Beauties in the Novel, which our 
Author cou'd not transfer to his Poem. As Mrs. Barrey did the Poet 
alſ- the >51k ſo admirable an Aqreſs, when ſhe moſt exerts her 
ſelf, could do, in the Innocent Adultery ; ſo Mr. Verbruggen, in the 
Part of Oroonoko, by doing the Author Right, got himſdlf the Re- 
putation of one of the beſt Afors of his time. | 
- Str Anthony Love; or, The Rambling Lady ;, a'Comedy, 4to.'16g0, 
ated at the Theatre Royal by their Majeſties Servants ; and dedt- 
cated to Tho. Skipwith, Eſq; (now Sir Thomas). This Play met 
with extraordinary Succeſs. | 
The Wives excuſe; or, Cuckolds mabe themſelves; a Comedy, 
ated at'the Theatre Royal, by their Majeſtses Servants, 1692. 4to. 
This Play it ſeems did not take as well as was expetted, but is uſh- 
erd into print by'a Copy of Verſes of his Friend, Mr. Dryden; 
in which he juſtly refletts on the depraved Taſte of the Age, eſpe- 
cially- in theſe Two Lines, on the Fault of thoſe: Poets, who de- 
bauch the Palate of the Audience, | | 


F 
# 


Far.e in it ſelf is of a naſty Scent; 
But the Gain ſmells not of the Excrement. 


For if there be not ſo intricate a Plot, there is certainly a gaity 
I, and Purity of Language, which few of our Poets 
ODIEIVE, 37 1 4,400 A 0 


118. Davie: 70.” Quks of Dogs - Thame 


. Md F2 [ 
PAL, as nn 267 4 i Sfeh <5 
/ , D > Yi 
Ag Cehrrh " Xe P4 [Ca 7 | 
/ Ge Nee Pe net 


T aww Ts oF 6 2 


— @ < 


' oo” , 


Known AUTHORS. 'S 


Thomas Stanley, Eſq; 


Learned Go of Cumberloe-Green, in Hertfordſhire, who 
A in the time of Ki Charles the Firſt, writ the Hiſtory of 
the Philoſo _—_ in that a Play of Arifto hanes, called, 

' TheClu medy, fi. 16 1687 TA, ted from Arjſtopha- 
nes, printed with h his te » Re-printed about 


\ Ten Years fince. 'He tranſlated of | Crt $ Tra des into Latin; 
- alſo Anacreon and Moſchiuvs, from the ; reek. He has publiſh'd like- 


wiſe divers Tranſlations from Latin, Spaniſh, and Italian ; beſides 
his Poems in Engliſh, 8v0. and two ſmall Romances or Novels, his 


Sir Robert Stapleton. 


A Learned Author who was Gentleman Uſher of the Pri Cham- 
ber to King Charles the Second, and'iis, I ſuppoſe, ſt Nil living. 
He writ Two Plays : 

Hero and Leander, a Tragedy,\qto. 166g. dedicated to her 
Grace, the Dutcheſs of Monmouth. Plot from Ovid's Epiſtles, 
and Muſeus's Erotopagmon, Greek, and Latin. 

The Slighted Maid, a Comedy,4to. 1663. dedicated to his Grace, 
te Dukeof Monmouth. Plot from Mart. Epigr. 4+» Oc 


John Stephens. 


| Tis Author, who liv'd in the Reign of King Fames the firſt, writ 


one very long Play, call'd, 
Cynthia's Revenge, a Tragedy, 4to. 1613. Plot from! Lucan's 
Pharſalia, and Ovid's Metamorphoſis, lth. 13. | 


William Strode. 


PX: and Divine in the Rejgn of King Charles the Frit; he was 


born in Devonſhire, entred'at Nineteen, and admitted Student 
of Chriſt-Church, Oxon; having taken moſt of his Degrees, was 
thoſe Univerſity-Orator, and after that commenc'd !DoQor, and 
vas made a Cannon by the King, "He died March 11, 1644- and 
was buried at Chrift-Church afore-ſaid. 
| The Floating Iſland, a Comedy, 4to. 1655. ated by the Students 
of ChiſtCnk *before his Majeſty, at Oxon. 1639. The Airs 


| kt] Songs ere ſet by Mr. Henry Lawes. The An TG 


x38 —- Know AUTHORS. S 


bed and dedicated the Pla ay to his honoured Patron, Sir John Helle, 
but it was not printed till ſome Years after his Death. This Play 
3s full of Morality. The Author publiſh'd three Sermons befides 
the Play. R 


7. Studley. 


Nother Tranſlator of Seneca's TORons, in the Reign of Queen 
' Elizabeth, of which he Engliſhd Four : viz. ; 
gameman, a4 Tragedy, 4to. Our Author 2. added a whole 
Seenc in the Fifth A&. 1 
Hippelitus, a Tragedy, 4ta. This is a very regular Play, as to 
Time, Place, and Adtion. 
Hercules Oeteuc, a Tragedy, 4to. A Reſemblance of Sophocles 
Trachinat. 
Medea, a Tragedy, 4to. In this Seneca imitates Euripides, but 
at tao great a diſtance, and 15 alſo regular, as moſt of his Tragedies 
are, This Tranſlator has altered the Chorus of the Firſt AR. 


Sir John Suckling. 


AS born at Witham, in Middleſex, 1631. in the beginhing of 
wW the Eleventh Month ; he ſpoke Latin at Five Years old, 
and writ it at Nine. He was Comptroller to King Charles the Firſt, 
An excellent Mufician and Poet : '- made a Campaign with Gufta- 
vu, and was in Five Sieges, Three Battles, (9c. he was at the Ex- 
pence of 12000 /. to raiſc a Troep for the King, He writ Four 
' Plays, wir. 
> Aglawa, a Tragi-Comedy, fol. and 8. preſented at the pri- 

vate Houſe in Black-Eryars. The Author has 19 alter'd the laſt AR, 
that 'tis at the Pleaſure of the Adars to make it a | Tragedy or Tra- 


gi-Comed 
Pemerals: t; or, The Diſcontented Colonel; a Tragedy, 800; pre- 
ſented by his Majeſty's Servants, at the private Houſe in Black- 
ars. 
' | The Goblins, a Tragi-Comedy, 849. preſented by his Mgjeſty's 
Servants at the private Houſe in Black-Fcyars. 
The Sad Ove, 4 Tragedy, 8. This Play Sir jd fg ne fipiſh'd. 
Theſe Plays, with his other Warks, ar We 8v9, 


the laſk Edition printed 1676. If you W Char: 
&er of this Father: ſee Lloyd's Memes ol. page 159 


 Gilters 


' 


. ſent Earl of Dorſet, and has Merit to deſerve more 


Known AUTHORS. T 199 


Gilbert Swinhoe. 


Northumberland Gentleman, wha in the Reign of King Charles 
the Firſt, writ a Play, calld, ; 
' The Unhappy Fair Irene, a Tragedy, 4to. 1658. Plot from Ban- 


dello's Novels, and Turkiſh Chronicles, Lite of Mahomet the Firſt. 


— 


T 
Nehum Tate, Eſq; 


Manners, Learning, and good Nature : His Birth 
: ducation (as I have been told) he owes to the Kingdom of 
Ireland : He has, for ſeveral Years, had the chat the pre- 
| than he has met 
with from others : He is guilty of Modeſty, of which few of his 
Profeſſion know much ; and it is the noiſy puſhing Man in Poe- 
try, as well as other things, that prevails with - Fame as well  » 


()' R preſent Poet Laureat, a Perſon of great by of 
, E- 


- Fortune. But now to his Drammatick Compoſures. 


' Brutus of Alba, an Opera, 4to. 1678. a&ed at the Duke's The- 
atre; it is dedicated to the Right Honourable, Charles, Earl of 
Dorſet and Middleſex. Plot from Virgil's Aneids, Book 4- 

The Cuckold's Haven; or, An Alderman no Conjurer, a Farce, 4#- - 
1685. aQted at the Queen's Theatre in Dorſet-Garden ; and dedica- 
”— to o Edmund Aſhton. Plot from Eaſlward Hoe, and The De- 
vil's an Aſs. | . 

A Duke and no Duke, a Farce, 4to. 1685. ated by their Maje- 
ſties Sesyants; and dedicated to the Right Honourable, Sir Jobn 
Hewyt. In this Play are divers Songs ſet to Myſick with thor 
Baſſes for the T or Baſs-Viol. Plot from Trappolin ſuppoſed 4 
Prince. | 

The + a> of a Common-Wealth ; F The Fall of Caius Mar- 
tiusCoriolamss ;aTragi-Comedy,4to.1582.ated at the Theatre Royal ; 
and dedicated to the Right Honourable, Charles, Lord Herþert, Mar- 
nom of Worceſter, Part of this Play borrowed from Shakeſpear's 


The 


> YO IE IP ren ren ng rr en os —Yy —— A __——_ i 
» 


140 Known AUTHORS. T 
The Iſland Princeſs, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1687. and dedicated 
to the Right Honourable, Henry, Lord Walgrave. Reviv'd with 
Alterations from Fletcher. 
' The Loyal General, a Tragedy, 4to. 1680. ated at the Duke's 
Theatre ; and is dedicated to Edward Taylor,” Eſq; 
Lear, King of England, and his Three Daughters ; an Hiſtorical 
Play, 4to. 1687. ated at the Duke's Theatre ; it is Dedicated to 
Thomas Boteler, Eſq, and reviv'd with Alterations from Shakeſpear ; 


and now call'd, Ancient Hiſtory of King Leay, &c. 


Richard the Third; or, The Sicilian Uſurper; a Hiſtory, 40. 
1681. atted at the Theatre Royal, and:dedicated to George Raynſ- 
ford, Eſq; with a Prefatory Epiſtle in Vindication of the Author 
by Reaſon of the Prohibition of this Play on the Stage. Reviv'd 
from Shakeſpear. 

This our Author bas publiſh'd divers Poems on ſeveral Occaſi- 
ons, ſome of them printed 8wv. one Volume whereof are all his 
own, another Volume by ſeveral Hands. 


John Tateham. 


Ity Poet in King Charles the Firſt's Time. Mr. Langbain has 
%./ found out a pleaſant Compenſation for his want of Wit, 17. 
his Loyalty, which might be ſomething to attone for the Defedts | 
of a Servants Brains, but I think very little for thoſe of a Poet. 
' The Diſtrafted State; a Tragedy, 4to. 1551. This Play was 
—_ Ten Years before printed, and is dedicated to Sir John 
idley. 
The Rump; or, The Mirrour of the late Times ; a Comedy, 4to. 
166. ated at the private Houſe in Dorſet-Court, and dedicated to 
Walter James, Eſq; This Play has been revivd under the Title of 
The Roundheatls. Fot the Plot conſult our Engliſh Chronicles of - 
the Civil Wars. | 
Scots Vagaries; or, A Knot of Knaves ; a Comedy, 4to. 1652. 
yo Hat to Ropert Dormer, Eſq; This Play is writ in a Scotch 
Dialeet. SI 
, Love Crowns the End, a Tragi-comedy, 8w. 1657. atted by the 
Scholars of Bringham in the County of Nottingham. This Play is 
very ſhort and nct divided into At ; you may find it printed with 
his Poems, 1657. 8. ' | 


" Robert 


Known AUTHORS. T 141 


Robert Taylor. 


THE Author of one Play, call'd, 
The Hog has loſt his Pearl, a Comedy, 4to. 16a 1. Civers times 


publickly ated by certain London Prentices. 


Thomas Thompſon. 


A Poor Plagiary, that could not diſguiſe or improve his Thefts. 
Theſe two following Plays go under his Name; viz. 

The Engliſh Rogue, a Comedy, 4to. 1668, ated (ſays the Title) 
before ſeveral Perſons of Honour, with great Applauſe,and dedica- 
ted to Mrs. Alice Barret. F: 

Mother Shipton, her. Life ; 4to. The Author hereof ſays, *twas 
ated Nine Days together, with great Applauſe. Plot- 2 
Book ſo called in Proſe, 4to. but moſt of the Charafters and 'Lan- 
guage from The City Madam, and The Chaſt Maid of Cheapfide. 


Nicholas Trot. 


E writ one Play, call'd, 
H Arthur, a Tragedy. 


Richard Tuke. ; 


Uthor of a Play that repreſents the Danger of the Soul in this 

A World, and was once called The Souls Warfare ; now, 
The Divine Comedian ; or, The right Uſe of Plays, improv'd in 

a Sacred Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1672. and dedicated to the Right Ho- 


nourable, Mary, Counteſs of Warwick. 


S. Tube, 


AN Eſſex Gentleman, a Collonel, who in 1661. tranſlated a Play 
from the Spaniſh, called, | 
The Adventurers of Five Hours, a Tragi-Comedy 4to. 1662, be- 
ing the Second Edition; it is dedicated to the Right Honourable, 
Henry Howard, of Norfolk, This Play-is of good Repute. 


) 


v Cyril 


Th Known AUTHORS. V 


Cyril Turner, 


AN Author who writ in the Time of King Fame the Firſt, two 
Plays, entituled, 

The Atheiſts Tragedy, 4to. The Conveyance away of Sebaſtian 
and Freſco, on her Husband's approach, is taken from Boccace's No. 
vels, Day 7. Nov. 6. 

The Loyal Brother ; or, The Revenger's Tragedy, 4to. 


John Tutchin. 


A Gentleman of thoſe Times, who has writ one Play, call'd, 

. The Unfortunate Shepherd, a Paſtoral, 80. 1683. This is 
printed with a Piece call'd, A Difxourſe of Life, in Proſe; and ſome * 
Poems on ſeveral Occafions, 89. 


V 


Captain Var Brug. 


T2 this Gentleman's Modeſty has hitherto hindred him from 
42 ſetting his Name to any of the Plays that he has Writ, yet 
they:are fo Univerfally known to be his, and own'd by him to the 
Stage by all other ways, that it cannot reaſonably be taken amiſs 
byhim, to find his Name'here, ſince it is not in the Power of En- 


-vy to-mention it, without the higheſt Value and Efteem. This "| 


Gentleman, as 1 am informet, was born in Cheſhire, and by mbre 
than a Common Education, and Converſe with the beſt Company 
qualified for theſe Performances, which have got him the Prefe- 
rence to all our Modern Writets of Comedy, fince Mr. Wycherly , 
and. Sir. George Etheridge have left the Stage ; and with all the due 
ReſpeR that TT owe thoſe two, great Men, I muſt place Mr. Van 
Brag in their Form, for the ſprightlineſs of his Wit, the a- 
finefs, and at the fame time, force of the. Converſation of his 

are fuch,; that none elfe can ſtand in Competition with him. 
Methinks inthe Compariſon of his Plays, with moſt of our other 
Drammatic Pieces, there is the ſamedifference, which there is be- 
twikt the Draughts of Van Dike, Titian, and othgr great Maſters of 
former Days, and ſome of our beſt Painters now ; theſe mm 


.E 


® 
e \ 


Knows AUTHORS. V "143 


dced good Repreſentations, but his are the things they Repreſent; 
(if you'll pardon that ſeeming Contradiftion of the Expreſſion) 
many of our Writers .haye given us good Images of the- Fools of 
our Age, but they are ſtill but Images ; but when you read or ſee 
Mr. Van Brug's, you ſee the very Originals, all-is ſo free, ſo cafie 
and ſo bold, as perſwade them to be no Copies,,- you evidently fee 
the Lineaments .of - Nature, without the ſtifneſs of Art, which 
would but debaſe his Work. Others of our Comic Writers, who 
have ſucceeded moſt in that way, pick out Charatters thar are in- 
deed diverting enough on the Stage, but which ſcarce one ſenſible 
Man in a Thouſand can read inhis Chamber, ſomuch is left to the 
Aion : But Mr. Van Brug's Charatters are Compogtd of that part 
of Nature, which is-not ſo Monſtrous to ſhock the Reader, .or 
Nauſeate his Palate, but. which yield apleafing Entertainment;. he 
puts Folly into ſuch a Light, that it is as diverting to. the Reader 
as Speator ; and his Fools are ſo pleaſing, that you are not weary 
of their Company before leave you. 

Another Quality diſtin& from many of our Received Poets, -is, 
That. his Men of Wit are really ſo, and not like Mr. Shadwell's 
the dulleſt in the Play : I have ventured to fay all this, without 
either the Proſpet of Encolpiis in Petrohius Arbater, Ut foris Cena- 
ns Poetam Laudaſli, or the fear of that Wity- Cenſure; of. The 
Plain Dealer, for chooſing to flatter the Poets of the Age, rather than 
wt flatter at all. Becauſe one that is unknown,can have but little ex- 

ations of the former,or juſtly deſerve the latterzvhenhe 
Fat what is juſtly his due z- unleſs the Praiſe of Wit be as W- 
able _;as fuperfluous. He has Honoured his Country with- three 
Plays that he owns : Of theſe in their Order. 7 

Aſop, A Comedy 4to.. Atted at the Theatre Royal, 1697. Inthe 
| Preface we learn both the Fate of the Play, and that the Author 
owes his Foundation to the French ; for it was writ Originally in 
French by Mr. Bourſaut, and had almoſt the fame Fate there as here, 
-J& to its Succeſs ; the firſt day it was not lik'd, the next it ſcarce 

gain'd Ground, the third it held up its Head, , and. the fourth Tri- 
umphed, and was in Paris Aﬀed for near a Month together. It 
ks ſo far from wanting any Beauties of the French,that it e'ry where 

xcels, it ; and that extreamly divertmg Scene of Sir Polydorxs Hog- 

, may be faid to be entirely his own, 'as are all the three Scenes 
- that were fince added of the Players, the Semtor and the Bean, 

and which were receiv'd with Univerſal Applauſe, as indeed. 
pity merited. It will perhaps be wondered that it: ſhould... 

very often in Paris, and not hold. out a Fortnight nor ten da 
here ; for which man my bs. toe Heaps Aged ; Firſt; 
Paris there is not that fooliſhand extravagant Prejudice againſt 
{the Stage, -as is enterfain'd in a numerous Party-of this'City, who- 

rail againſt that and n Prayer withan equal Zeal : So that in 


Parr 


144 Known AUTHORS. V 
Paris almoſt e'ry one goes to the Theatre, here nof the tenth part, 
for Hypocriſie and Butineſs -here, divide the greater part to their 
ſeveral and different Offices : Another Reaſon 1s, That the Gover- 
nours of the Houſe were unwilling to wear it out, and fo balk'd 
the Run of 1t. 

[ am not ignorant of the ſeveral Objefions made againſt this 
Play by the Criticks, viz. that the Scenes are looſe, and not at all 


akin to the Plot, and may be cut out and alter'd in perpetuwm, | 


without the leaſt Injury or Advantage to the thin'and frail Deligh 
of the Play ; that in Lydia, before the time of Alexander t 

Great, they talk of Juſtices of the Peace, Fox Hunting, Flanders 
Horſes and other things which are entirely Modern'; but at the 
ſame time that theſe Accuſations muſt be confeſs'd not to'be Ul! 
grounded ; it muſt be own'd, that without thefe Faults we muſt 
have loſt Beauties of greater Conſequence. This I'm ſure, there 
has never been on the Stage, a Play of more general Satyr ſince 


the Plain Dealer ; and there are ſuch Publick and uſeful Morals re 


commended tothe Audience, that will be -as beneficial to the 
Common-weal, as divefting to the immediate SpeRators. | 
*. The Provok'd Wife, a Comedy 4to. Aded at the Theatre in Little 
Lincolns-Inn-Ftelds, by his Majeſty's Servants, 1697. To ſpeak of 
this Play as I ought, I ſhou'd have the Pen of the Author who Writ 
it, and the recommending the Reader to a ' Perufal of it, is the 
reateſt Praiſe I can give it. But I cannot omit the Objeftions | 
ve heard made to it, by ſome of our Criticks, viz. That it is 4 
looſe Play, withcut Deſign, or if there be a Defign, 'tis ſuch a one 
as the juſt Rules of Comedy exclude, fince it teachts the Wives 
. how they ought to return the Brutality of their Husbands. | 1 
cannot by any means allow this Obje@ion ; for the Deſign ſeems 
to me as juſt as the Refledions and Wit of it are poinant, the Con- 
verſation lively and genteel; for it rather teaches Husbands hoy 
they t to expe their Wives ſhou'd make them a Return, if 
e them as Sir 7ohn Brute did his'; ſuch Husbands may learn, 

that ſlighted and abuſed Virtue and Beauty, may be provoked to 


hearken to the prevailing Motives of Revenge. I can never think 


any reaſonable Man ſhou'd _—_ a Woman entirely diveſted 'ﬆ } 


a ſenſe of Humanity, or inſenfible either of the Power of an 


able Temptation, or of the Pleaſure it yields : and as moſt of out I 


Vices are the ſureſt Guard, if not ſource of our Virtues, ' I'm cot- 
fident, when the Husbands ill Uſage of his Wife deprives himſelf 
of her Love, he diſmiſſes the ſureſt Guard of their common Ho- 
nour ; and the other, that is her Pride and Care of her Reput+ 
tion will not be of force enough againſt Revenge ; and the ſtrong 


ſollicitationsof an agreeable Perſon, that demonſtrates a value for}: 
what the Pofſeflor lights : So that it cannot be deny'd, that this} 


Moral is of admirable Uſe ; offers © Treth UT EY 


4 


Knwwn AUTHORS. W 142 
tion; Which wou'd often prevent the Ruin of Families, which 
generally: begins with the Husbands Faufts. I know of no _Thefts 
in this Play, or indeed any of this Gentlemans, but what he has 
own'd m his Preface. | 

The Relapſe, or Virtue in Danger, being the ſequel to Loves laſt 
Shift or The Feol m Faſhion, 4to. AQted at the Theatre Royal, 1597. 
This Play was received with mighty applauſe , and ſpight of the 

' broken Scenes, which muſt be allowed an irregularity that might 

\ have been avoided , has its juſt and uncommon Merits; and I 
think the Charatter of my Lord  Foppington, if it at all fall fhort 
of that Maſterpiece of Sir Fopling Flutter, at leaſt challetges the 
next place, in preference to all of that kind, fof the Stage has beem 

- almoſt as Fruitful in Beaux, as the Boxes. T9400: Get 

The time when theſe three Plays were written is iincertain ; but 
all appeared in a little time of one another, and this which comes 
laſt in the Alphabet, was the firſt in the Repreſentation ; and 
he informs us in the Prologue, was Wrote in fix Weeks, a ſign of 
a double Bleffing, of bringing forth without Pain, and eyen Chil- 
dren Perfe& and Beautiful, without the uſual nine Months 

, Travel. 


=” 


a. OO Ob (Þ.coe? RS (Þ. a. OD = wo Ho 


Iv - 


Lewis Wager. 


q-\HIS Author (who was a Clerk in Queeti Elizs 
time) was then accounted a Man of | 

writ in the beginning of her Reign an Interlude, Nifd, . 

Mary Magdalen, her Life and Repentance,' 4to. 1567. This was 
ner in an old Black Letter, it may be ated by fopr or five 


Edmund Waller, Eſq; 


"ils Gentleman was of a eood Family, and Eſtate, the laſt un-, 
-* common with ſo good a Poct ; he was þeloy'd by all that knew 

"him, for his perſonal Merit and Afﬀability, .as well as admir'd for 
his Poetry. He died about Eight Years ſince. | 


— The 


146 Known AUTHOR S. W 


The Maid's Tragedy, 800. 1690. This was a Play of Fletcher's 
and is reyivd with great Alterations by. this our Author, and 
printed with his Works, 

Pompey the Great, a Tragedy, 4to. 1664. ated by his Highneſs. 
the Duke of 7ork's Servants, Tranſlated from Corneille, in which 
the Right Honourable, the Earl of Doyſer and Middleſex affiſted. 


George Wapul. 


PF 
AN Author who has writ one Play, call'd, 
Tide tarrieth for no Man, a Comedy, 4to. 1611. printed fo 
long fince, that Mr. Langbain could not find what. Volume or Date 


it was of. It is ſtiled, A moſt pleaſant and merry Comedy, right | 


pithy and full of Delight. 
Wikian Wayer. 


FE has a Play fo long fince printed, that Mr: Langbain coult 
H never gain a Sight of it. The Title is, 
The longer thou Liv'ſt the more Fool thou art, a Comedy, 4to. but 


ſo old that 1t has no Date. It has alſo this Fitle. A very merry and : 


pithy Comedy, gc. 
R. Waver. 


AN Author as unknown as the two former : he publiſh'd but one 
Play, which Mr. Langbain ſays he never ſaw, entituled, 
 Lufly Juventus, an Interlude, 4to. printed without any Date. 
Tho' Mr. Langbarn attributes this Play to R. Waver, yet his Name 
is not to the Title Page, nor any where about the Play, to give him 
that Aſſurance ; but I ſuppoſe he depended. on former Catalogues. 


John Webſter. 


THis Anthor was Clerk of - St. Andrews Pariſh in Holbourn, as 
he was:Contemporary{with Decker, Marſton, and Rowley ; ſo ' 
he join'd with *em in ſeveral Plays, beſides ſeveral he writ him- - Pt 


ſelf 5 45, 


Appin and Virginia, a Tragedy, 4to. 1659. ated at the Duke's 


Theatre. There are more Editions than one of this Play,. and has 

been reviv'd and alter'd by Mr. Betterton, For the Plot ſee Livit 

Hiſt. Flons, (gc. 2285 HT yen 4 
| Ti 


S3X.. 


Knws AUTHORS.” W 145 
The Devil's Law-Caſe ; or, When Women go to Law, the Devil is 
full of Buſineſs, a Tragi-Comedy, gqto. 1523. ated by her Maje- 

's Servants , and dedicated to Sir 7ho. Finch. Plot in part from 
Shenkii Obſervat. Medic. p. 27. Goulart's Hiſtoires Admirabiles de 
wtre Temps, Tom. 1. and V. Maximus, lib. 1. cap. 8. - : 

» The Dutcheſs of. Malfey,a Tragedy,qto. 1623. and 1679: firſt ad 
vately at Black; Fryars, then publickly at the Globe, by his Ma- 
y's'Servantsz' and dedicated to the Right Honourable, George, 
Lord Barkley., Reviv'd and ated at the Duke of 7ork's Theatre. 
fot from Bandello's Novels, Nov. 19. Goulart Hiſt. Admirab. p: 
226, Beard's Theatre of God's Fudgments, Book 2, Ch. 24. _ 

The White Devil or, The Tragedy of P. Giordano Urſini, Duke of 
Brachiano, with the Life and Death of Vittoria Corombona, the Fa- 
mus Venetian Curtezan ; 4to. 1612, and 1665. firſt ated at the 
Phenix in Drury-Lane, by the Queen's Majeſty's Servants, and ſince 


Yreviv'd and acted at tne Theatre Royal, by his Majeſty's Servants. 


In theſe two following Plays our Author was affiſted by Mr. 
Rowley. | 

A Cure for a Cuchold, a Comedy, 4to. 1651; This was feveral 
Times formerly ated with great Applauſe. | | : 
The Thracian Wonder; 4to. 1661. our Authors call this a Conical 


- Blliſtory, ſeveral times atted with great Applauſe. 


John Weſton, Eſq; 


PHis Author, whoſe Name is not Watſon, as Mr. Langbain, mid 
ſtakes, writ a Play in King Charles the Second's Time, ſtil'd, 
The Amazon Queex ; or, The Amours of Thaleſtris t» Alexander 
he Great ; Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1667, This Play writ in Heroick 
erſe, appeared not on the Staze. Plot from Strabo, Iibi 11; 

& Curt. lib. 6. and Fuſtin, lb. 3. | 


Mr. I hitaker: 


FHis Author, in King Charles the Second's Reign, publiſh'd 4 
Play, call'd, | 
The Conſpiracy, ; or, the Change of Government, a Tragedy 4to« 


 . $80. in Heroick Verſe, and ated at the Duke of 7ork's Thee 


os WT 


{4 


L 4 DP? Rob; 


148 Known AUTHORS, W 


Dr. Robere Wild. © 


His Author, tho' a Presbyterian Dofor, writ one Play and 
divers Poems, but is moſt famous for his Iter Boreale. The 
Play 1s intituled, | 
The Benefice, a Comedy, 4to. 1689. The Deſign taken from 
another Play, call'd, The Return from Parnaſſus; or, A Scourge fa 
S1mony. 


Leonard Willan. 


THE Author of a Play, publiſh'd one Paſtoral in Verſe, call'd, 

Aſirza ; or, True Love's Mirrour; a Paftoral, 8u9. 1651, 
It is dedicated to the Illuſtrious Princeſs, Mary, Dutcheſs of Rick 
mona and Lenox. Plot from a Romance fo called. | 


George I17hkins. 


E liv'd in the Reign of King Charles the Firſt, and writ (be. 
fides one he join'd with Day and Rowley in) a Play, calld, 
The Miſeries of Inforced Marriage, a Tragi-comedy, 4to. 1637. 
Mrs. Behn took her Plot and great part of the Language of thi 
Play, to her Town Fop; or, Sir Timothy Tawdry. - The other P 
he join'd in, is called, The Travels of Thre? Engliſh Brothers. 0 


Robert Wilmot. 


A Poet of Queen Elizabeth's Reign, and at the Requeſt of { 
Gentlemen of tne Inner-Temple, writ, | | 
Tancred and Griſmond, a Tragedy, 4to. 1592. ated before hey. 
Majeſty by the Gentlemen of the Inner-Temple ; and dedicated! o 

to the Right Worſhipful and Vertuous Ladies, the Lady Mary 
ter, and the Lady Ann Grey. Plot, Nov. 1. Day 4+ of Boccact Ve 
Novels, 


John Wilſon. 


; AN Author of the Place of whoſe Birth I am ignorant ;. he w I 
' once Recorder of Londonderry, and ſometime refided in D 
lin, where he writ Belphegor, which was afterwards ated in Londay vK 


Known AUTHORS. W F49 


He died about three Years fince, near Leiceſter-Fijelds, 'but where 
buried I know not. He is Author of four Plays; 1177.1 
- Andronicus Commenius, a Tragedy, 4to. 1663. Plot'from Heytin's 

©4v* bf in the Deſcription of Greece, Cantacuſemss, Leunclavi- 
t, (Fc. 

= Belphegor; or, The Marriage of the Devil; a Comedy, 4to. 1690. 

ated at the Queen's Theatre 1n Dorſet-Garden. Plot taken from a 

om | Novel of Machiavel, and Quevedo's Novels, 80. dA 

fe The Cheats, a Comedy, 4to. Printed two Editions, the laſt 1571. 
This Play met with Applauſe when firſt a&ted, and is a diverting 

Comedy. | | 

- The Projefors, a Comedy, 4to. 1655. This Play met with no 

great Succeſs. | I; 


b Robert VIIſon. 
i A Gentleman that - liv'd in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, and 
writ one Play, call'd, 


The Cobler's Prophecy, a Comedy, 4to. 1655. 


Nathaniel Wood. 


E was a Clergy-man, and liv'd in the Reign of Queen F1:za- 
| H beth, in the City of Norwich ; writ one Play, calling it, 
The Conflit of Conſcience, a Paſtoral, 4to. 1581, This 19a Play 
of Morality, and may be preſented by fix Perſons. 


John IWrieht. 


Gentleman, if I miſtake not, of the Middle-Temple, and is 
yet living ; has writ Two Plays, of which in their Order: 
Thyeftes, a Tragedy, 8v0. 1674. dedicated to Bennet, Lord 

if Sherrard. - Tranſlated from Seneca. 
Mock Thyeſtes, a Farce, 8. 1574. + This is writ in Burleſque 
Verſe, and printed to be bound up with the former. 


: Thomas Wright. 


Can give no Account of this Author, only that he has a Play in 
ly print, calld, : 
ul - The Female Vertuoſs's, a Comedy, 4to. 1693. and dedicated to 


of the Right Honourable Charles, Earl of Winchelſea. The Deſign our 
| L 3 Author 


= 


= I 


@r—————— 


150 Known AUTHORS. Y 


Author owns none of his own, but of ſome Friend from-thd 
French. The Prologue written and ſpoke by Mr. Dogget ; yet al.. 
not enongh to make it take. | 


Williem Wycherley. 


A Shropſhire Gentlemgn, who has excel['d all Writers in all Lay 
' gnages, in Comedy, and moſt of the Poets of the preſent 
Age in generous. Dealing with thoſe he owns his Friends, he hi 
writ Four Plays, 
The Country Wiſe, a Comedy, 4to. 1683. atted at the Theatre 
Royal. This Play from the beginning has been frequently adtel 


0 


with great Applauſe. 

The Gentleman DancingMaſier, 'a Comedy, 4to. 1673. ated at 
the Duke's Theatre. | 

Love in a Wood ;, or, St. Fames's Park; a Comedy, 4to. 1674, 
ated at the Theatre Royal, by his Majeſty's Servants ; and dedice! 
ted to the Dutcheſs of C leveland. f 

The Plain Dealer, a Comedy, 4to. 1578. ated at the Theatre 
Royal, by his Majeſty's Servants. This is accounted the moſt ex- 
cellent of all his Comedies, of which and the Author, Mr. Drydaſ 
and Mr. Evelyn gives a large Encomium. Some of the Charaften 
are in Molhzere's Le Miſanthrope, and Scarron's City Romance, 8&0. 


On I>=— —— — - - ——o—_—_— 


—— — —— _— — 


Y 


Robert Yarrington. 


> 


. A N Author in Queen Elizabeth's Reign, who writ one Play, 
A entituled, | 
Ez Bn Two Tragedies in one, 4to. 1501. Two Murthers, one of} 
a Chandler and his Boy, the other of a Child in a Wood, by Or: 
der or Contrivance of his Uncle, are the Subje& of this Play. 


k ” Is 


SUPPO- 


SQ. 


[ 


SuPpPoOSED AUTHORS. 


R. A. Gent. 


HIS Author writ one Play, call'd, 

The Valiant Welch Man; or, The True Chronicle Hi- 
flory of the Life and Paliant Reeds of Charadoc the 
Great, King of Cambria, now called Wales; a Tragi- 
Comedy, 4to. 1663. ated by the Prince of Wales's 

Servants, the Plot from Ubaldine le vite del donne illyftre, p. 6. 
_ Annals, Milton's Hiſtory of England, and from our Britiſh 
onicles. 


H. B. 


«His Author has publiſh'd one Play, entituled, = 
The World's Idol ;, or, Plutus, a Comedy, 8v0. 1650. Tranſh- 
ted from Ariſtophanes, with Notes and a- Diſcourſe upon it. 
| 


F- 


HE Mock Duellift ; or, The French Vallet ; a Comedy, ſup- 

ſed to be writ by Peter Bellon, Gent. 4to. 1675. atted at 

the Theatre Royal by his Majeſty's Servants, and dedicated to the 
vertuous, accompliſht Lady, Madam S.C. 


*L4 


— 


152? Suppoſed AUTHORS. 
7. C. 


His Author writ a very diverting Play, calld, 
T She Fwo Merry Mrth Maids; or, The beft Words near the 
Garland, a Comedy, 4to. 1661. playd before the King with 
great Applauſe, by the Company of the Revels. Part of the Plot 
from the Tenth Day, Nov. 5. of Boccace's Novels, and is the 
yy of ſeveral Plays, as Hetebers Faur Plays in One, 
& : 


7. D. 


Tx theſe Two Letters are theſe Two Plays following : 
Hell's High Gourt of Fuſlice ; os, The Tryal of Thugs Palj- 
tick Ghoſts, viz. Oliver Cromwell, King of Sweeden, and Catdinal ' 
Mazarine ; 4 Tragedy, 4% 1661. | 
The Mall: og, The Modiſh Lovers; a Comedy, 4to. 1674, ated 
the King's Servants, and dedicated to William Whitcom, Funior, 
fg; ({uppoſed by Dr, Hide, the Proto-Bibliathicarves to the Univer- 
ſity on Mr. Dryden's, tha' it differs mych from the Stile of his 


Works, | 
R., OG. 


His Tranſlator and Authgr was ſome time Maſter of Arts of 
Magdalen-Coltedge, Oxon ; publiſh'd Two Plays : | 
Alphouſus, King of Arragon, a comical Hiſtory, 4to. 1599. as1t 
has bcen fundry times ated. © 
Iznwamus, a Comedy, 4to. 1662. very often ated with Ap- 
plauſe before King Fames the Firſt, written originally in Latin 
and tranſlated by our Author. | 


S. NH. =i 
PH Author was of Exeter-Colledye, Oxan ; and. whilft Batchelor 


of Arts, writ | 
Sicily and Naples; or, The Fatal Union; a Tragedy, 4to. 1640. 
There were ſeveral Copies of Verſes in Praiſe of this Play, writ 
by the Students of Oxon, 


22 \  SUPPO- 


we Y9 WW yo 


P *., 4,» - _ 
- , 
« 
. 
F 
% 
—_— — 
4 « a 
the SY a 
U . 
- 
4 
Ai 4 
7 
, 


SUPPOSED AUTHORS. 
B. 3. 


NDER theſe Letters are printed theſe Two Plays : 
Guy, Earl of Warwick; . .a Tragedy, 4to. ſaid hy 
ſome to be writ by Ben. Johnſon, tho much: inferior to 
"the Works of that excellent Poet. 
The Baſhful Lovers, 'a Tragi-Comedy, 8w. 1655+ 
ated at the Black-Fryars, by his Majeſty's Servants. 


E. M. | e 


TJ iis Author writ one Play, calld, _ 

Saint Cecily ; or, The Converted Twins, a Tragedy, 4to. 1667. 
ſuppoſed to be - writ by Mr. Matthew Medbourn, the Comedian, 
and dedicated to Queen Catharine. Plot From Euſebins, Epiphanins, 
Baronits, &c. 


N. N. 


Ome's Fullies; or, The Amorous Fryars; a Comedy, as it was 
lately ated at a Perſon of Quality's Houſe, 4to. 1681. This 


| Play (which has been omitted by Mr.Langbain) is dedicated to the 


Right Honourable, Anthony, Earl of Shaft sbury, There's not 
enough in this Play to recommend it to the nicer Judges of Poe- 
try : Inſtead of the Author's Name, we only find the Two Let» 
ters above-mentioned, 


W. N. 


no_—_ Divertiſement ; or, An Interlude for the general 
Entertainment of the County Feaft, held at Merchant Tay- 


lors-Hall, printed, 4to. 1678. by W. N. and dedicated to the No- 
bility and Gentry of that Country. NE 


L 4 Þ. P- 


152 / Suppoſed AU WHORS, 
T. P. 


Fils Author has publiſhed two Plays : 
The French Conjurer, a Comedy, 4to. 1678. adted at the Duke's 
Theatre. Plot part of it from Guſman, in the Stories of Dorido and 
Cloridia, and the Merchant of Sev/!. | 
A Witty Combat ; or, The Female Vitor, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 
1653. a&ed by ſcyeral Perſons of Quality. . Plot from The German 
_ Frincejs, a Novel, in 80. | 


| Monſieur PF. 


FH Tranflator Publiſh'd, 

: Ariadne; or, The Marriage of Bacch#s ; att Opera, 4to. 1674. 
ated by the Royal Academy of Mufick at the Theatre Royal, and 
fedicated to the King ; being a Vocal Repreſentation from the 
French, and ſet 'to Mufick by Mr. Grabutt, Maſter of the King's 
Muſick. _ 


Pe 


; 


F 


Roades, a Tragedy, 80. 1660, Suppoſed to be writ by Samuel 
'*  Pordage, and taken from Seneca. - EE %a 


TX, 


A Tranſlator, who publiſh'd this one Play, call'd, 

-*, The Extravagant Shepherd, a Paſtoral Comedy, 4to. 1654. 
and dedicated to Mrs. Thornehill, of Ollantigh, in Kent.. Tranſla- 
ted from Corneille; Plot founded on Lyſis; of, The Extravagant 
Shepherd; a Romance, fol. | of > 58; 11 Efe4 


WW. R. 


 COiſimaj Ordinary, a Private Shew ; wherein is expreſsd the 

Jovial Freedom of that Feſtival; as it was ated at a Gentle- 
man's Holfſe among other Revels ; printed 1682. This is 
4 Piece that Falls into -the Number of Dramatick Writings; 
tho there is not much to recommend it tq this Place. The Author 


}- . *8, , tf - & +6 XR. 


Swrſed UT HORS. I53 
3s not known, but there are two Letters of his Name put to the 
Title Page; (viz.) W. R. Maſter of Arts. 

The Coronation of Queen Elizabeth; or, The Reſtauration of the 
Proteſtant Religion, &c. 


Mr. S. Maſter of Arts. 


T HE Author of this ancient Play, printed in a Black Letter, is 
f_ % 10 by him, A right Pithy, Pleaſant, and Merry Comedy, 


Gammer Gurton's Needle; a Comedy, 4to. 1 561, ated at Chrift's- 
College, Cambridge, near a Hundred Years ago. 


38 


Nder theſe Two Letters are publiſh'd theſe following Plays, 
Vit. = | 
- Andromana ; or, The Merchants Wife, a Tragedy, 4to. 1650. 
Plot from Sir Philip Sidney's Arcadia, in the Story - of Plangws, 
P. 155. : | 
' Maſquerade du Ciel, a Maſque 4to. 1640. and dedicated to the 
ccn. E vh 
Phillis of Scyros, a Paſtoral, 4to. 1655. Tranſlated from the 
Italian of C. Guidubaldo di Bonarelli. | 
The Prince of Priggs Revels; or, The Praiſes of that grand Thief, 
Captain Fames Hinde, a Comedy, 4to. This Piece I cou'd never 
yet get a Sight of, | 


dS. 9. 


JF Hs Author publiſh'd only this fingle Play, entituled, | 
The Meh Lange, a Comedy, 4to. 1516. aQted by the Queen's 
Servants. ; 


Þ'E 


Nder thefe two Letters we may find two Plays printed, viz. 
U Grim, the Collier of Croyden ; or, The Devil and his Dam, 
with the Devil of St. Dunſtan's, a Comedy, 819. 1662. Plot from 
Machiavel's Marriage of Belphegor, a Novel, fol. tis alſo printed 
with Queredo's Novels, 8v0. and in the Ternary of Plays. 
* » Troas, a Tragedy, 4to. 1686, tranſlated from Seneca. 


Go W. 


154 ws auBnors 
C's 


"is Author 1s ſuppoſed to be Chriſtopher Waſe, late one of 
the Squire-Beadles of Oxford, who publiſh'd a Play call'd, 
EleAra, a Tragedy, 12. Hague, 1649. preſented to her High- 
neſs the Lady Elizabeth. Tranſlated from Sophocles. 


E.W. 


N E who does'not pretend to be the Author, but the Occa- 
fion of publiſhing this ſingle Play ; 
Apollo Sbrwing, a Comedy, 8w. 15 27. writ by the Maſter of 
Hadleigh-School 10 Suffolk, and aQed there by his Scholars. 


7. W. 


| Oh theſe two Letters is printed one Play, tall'd, 
The Valiant Scot. 4to. 1637. publiſh'd by William Bowyer, 
and dedicated to the Right Honourable, Zames, Marques of Hami- 


For. 


L.W. 


Nder theſe two Letters the Author publifſh'd this Play, en- 
tituled, 
Orgula; or, The Fatal Error, a Tragedy, 4to. 1658. and dedi- 
cated to the moſt accompliſh'd Lady, the Lady Frances Wildegooſs ; 
with a Preface ſhewing the true Nature of Poefie., | 


M. W. Maſter of' Arts. 
T E Second Author who has this Play in the Ternary of Plays, 
VIZ, 
The Marriage-Broker ; or, The Pander; a Comedy, 80. 1662. 


Plat from Engliſh Chrotlictes, in the Reipni of Seberf, King of the 
Weſt Saxons. © opp 


See UTHORS. ys 
R.W. 


THis ancient Author pdbliſh'd a Play many Years ago, which 


Mr. Langbain gave a wrong Title to, by reaſ6h he never ſawit, 
and js entituled, 


The Three Ladies of Zondon. 


TW. 


Tot Third Author who has this following Tragedy, i in the Ter- 
naryof Plays; call'd; 
Thornby-Abby ; or, The London Maid, a Traged by. and dedi- 
cated to William Aufiin, Eſq; by R.D. the Publiſher z and tranſla- 
ted from. Plants. 


W.W. 


THE Tranſlator of this following Comedy, call', 


Manaehmi, a Comedy, 4to. 1515. This Author had ſeveral 
others tranſlated, tho' never 7 publiſh'd them, 


UNKNOWN 


156 


Unknown AUTHORS. 


A 


HE Abdicated Prince; or, The Adventures of Four 
Tears; a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1690. ated at. White- 
Hall, by ſeveral Perſons of Quality. 

Abraham's Sacrifice, mentioned in former Catalogues, 
but Iqueſtion whether it may be properly called a Play, 
Mr. Zangbain, or my ſelf, having never ſeen it. 

An Alarum for London ; or, The Siege of Antwerp ; with the Ad- 
venturous Ads, and Valiant Deeds of the Lame Soldier ; a Trag1- 
Comedy, 4t0.. 1602. play'd by the Servants of the Right Honoura- 
ble, the Lord Chamberlain. Plot from the Tragical Hiſtory of the 
City of Antwerp, 4ta. | 

Albion, an Inter!ude, mentioned in former Catalogues, but ne- 
ver met with by Mr. Langbain, or my felt 

Albion's Triumph, a Maſque, 4to. 1631. perſonated at Court by 
the King, Queen, and. the Lords, the Sunday after Twelfth- 

Night, 1631. - | 

Albumazer, a Comedy, 4to. 1634. playd at Cambridge before 
the King, by the Gentlemen of Trinity-Colledge ; afterwards revi- 
ved at the King's Houſe witha new Prologue writ by Mr. Dryden. 

Aminta, a Paſtoral, 4to. 1628. Tranſlated from Taſſo's Aminta, 
with Ariadne's Complaint, in Imitation of Anguilara. 

The Amnrous Gallant , or, Love in Faſhion ; ſometimes under 
the Title of The Amorous Orontus ; a Comedy, 4to. 1675. Tranſla- 
ted from a French Play, writ by Th. Corneille, ſtiled, L Amour 
Alamode; the Plot from a Spaniſh Play writ by Ant. de Solzs, named, 
El Amvy al Uſo. | 

The Amotous Old Woman ; or, 'Tis well'if it take; a Comedy, 
4 T584: 'tis alſo printed with another Title, call'd, The Fond 

' Andronicus, a Tragedy, Impiety's Long Succeſs; or, Heaven's late 
Revenge, 8v0. 1661. This Play is not. mentioned by Mr. Langbain, 
nor can [ learn who is the Author thereof. 


Arden 


Unknown AUT HORS, C 157 
Arden of Feverſham, his true and lamentable Tragedy, who was 
Fm Murthered by the means of his Wife. wo ing in 
Love with one Moſebie, hired two. Ruffins, Black Will and Shak- 
bag to kill him, qto. 1599. Plot from Goodwin, Hayward, Hol- 
ling ſhead, Baker, and Beard's Theatre of God's Judgments. 
The Arraignment of Paris, a Paſtoral, ſuppoſed by Kirkman to 
be Mr. William Shakeſpear's. 


; B 


THE Baniſh'd Duke; or, The Tragedy of Infortunatuo 7; 4to. 1690. 
ated at the,Theatre R 

The Battle of Alcazar, Fought in Barbary, between Sebaſtian, King 
of Portugal ; and Abdelmelech, King of Morocco ; with the Death of 
Captain Stukely, a Tragedy, 4to.- 1594. atted by the Lord High 
Admiral's Servants. Plot from Heylin's Coſmography in the _— 
C —_— -; De rebus Luſitan. by Andr. Schottum, fol. and Fuller's 

ortnhies. - 

Band; Ruff, and Cuff ; accounted an Interlude ih former. Cata- 
logues, but neither Mr. Langbain nor my ſelf, could ever pro- 
cure the Sight of one. £ 

The Baſtard, a Tragedy, 4ts. 1552. Plot and part of the Lan- 

uage is taken from The Loves of Schiarra and Florelia, in the Eng- 
iſh Lovers. See alſo The Unfortunate Spamard. 

The Blowdy Duke ; or, The Adventures for a Crown, a Tragi-Co- 
medy, 4tv. 1690. by the Author of The Abdicated Prince ; ated 
at the Court of Alba Regalis, by ſeveral Perſons of ql , 

Bonduca, with an Entertainment of Muſick, Vocal and Inſtru- 
mental, a Tragedy ated at the Theatre in Dorſet-Garden, 1696. 

to. and ded icated by Mr. Powel to the Right Honourable, the Lord 

efferys. This Play on the Revival ( for it is ſcarce to be ſaid 
more) tho' the two Univerſities club'd to the Alterations, did not 
ſucceed ſo well as it deſerv'd, conſidering it almoſt all Fletcher's. 

Braggadocio; or, The Bawd turn'd Puritan, a Comedy, gre. 150. 


by a Perſon of Quality. x 


| 6 


Aſar's Revenge, a Tragedy, of which I can give no Account. 
Charles the Firſt, King of England, his Tragedy, 4to. 1649. , 
and dedicated to King Charles the Second, with a Copy of Veries 
in Praiſe of it, Plot from Engliſh Chronicles. | | 


The 


158 Unknows AUTHORS. - © 

The Combat of Caps, a Maſque which is mentioned in divers Ca- 

| but I could never ſee one. 

Commmons Condition, a Comedy, of which I can give no Ac- 
count. 

The Conſtant Nymph ;, or, The Rambling Shepherd, a Paſtoral, 4to. 
1678. aGed at the Duke's Theatre. 

The Corniſh Comedy, a Comedy, 4to. 1696. adted at the Theatre 
Royal in Dorſet-Garden, by his Majeſty's: Servants, this Play was 
writ by a Corniſh Attorney, as I am inform'd, who had better have 
kept to the other Orfices of the Quil, fo very different from thoſe 
of Parnaſſus. 'Tis dedicated by Mr. Powel to Chriſtopher Rich, Eſq; 
one of the Patentees of his Majeſty's Theatre ; and uſher 1n, like 
ather Plays that miſs of Succeſs, with a Preface 1y its Vindication, 
kt its Fate be never fo juſt. \ 

The. Coronation of Queen Elizabeth; or, The Reftauration of the 
Proteſtant Religion, and the Downfal of the Pope, 4to. 1680. bein 
a moſt excellent Play, as it was ated both at Bartholomew a= 
Southwark Fairs, with great Applauſe. This 1s only a Droll, but 
the Succeſs the Current of the Times gave it, met with a Book- 
ſeller to make it paſs the Preſs; but there 1s no great Poetry to be 
expected from it, or any Maſtery of Deſign or Condu@; yet if 
the Readers have a mind to ſee a particular Account of the Tranſ- 
aQtions of that glorious Queen, I wou'd adviſe them, beſides our 
Chronicles of Stow, Speed, Baker, (5c. to read the great Cambden's 
Elizabeth, and Dr. Burnet's Hiſtory of the Reformation. 

The Coſtly Whore, a comical Hiſtory, 4to' 1633. ated by the 
Company of Revels. ; 

The Contention between York and Lancaſter, two: Parts, «th the 
'Death of the good Duke Humphrey, and the Baniſkment an Death of 
#he Duke of Suffolk, and the Tragical End of the Proud Cardinal of 
Wincheſter, with the notable Rebellion, of Jack Cade, and the-Duke of 
York's firft Claim to the' Crown, a Tragedy, 4to. 1500. This Play 
_ "7 little from the ſecond Part of Shakeſpear's Henry the 
Stxth, fol. 

The Counterfeits, a Comedy, 4to. 1679. ated at the Duke's 
Theatre. Plot from a tranflated Spaniſh Novel, called, - The Tra- 
panner Trapann'd, 849. 1555. Some account this Play to be Fohn 
Leanard's, a great Plagiary. 

The Counterfeit Bridegroom ; or, The' Defeated Widow ; a Comedy, 
4to. 1677. ated at his Royal Highneſs the Duke's Theatre. Tis 
only an old Play of Middlegon's calld, No "Wit like a Woman's, 
80. 

.Cromwelf's Conſpiracy, a Tragi-Comedy. This I neyer ſaw. - 


Cruel 


Unknown AUTHORS. B 159 


Creel Dejeer, a Play only nam'd by Mr. Kirkman, but I never aw 
any ſuch. 
Tugid' s whe, + - a Weary” 4% I616. ſeveral times acted by 
the Children of his Majeſty's Revels, and dedicated by the Publiſh- 
er, to Mr. Rob. Hayman. Plot, Baccace's Novels, ful. 

Cyrus, King of Perſia ; a Tragedy. 


D 


Amon and Pythias, a Hiſtory. 
Darius, ( ſtiled) a pretty new Interlude, both pithy and 
Pleaſant, of the Stary of King Dari, being taken out of the third 
and fourth Chapter Gf Eſdras. Lond. 1565. 4to. This is a good 
ald Play, and the Author has ſo contriv'd it, that Six Perſons gay 
eaſily a& it, | The Title Page refers the Reader to the Place where 
(if his Curioſity requires it) he may read the Story. 

The Debauchee ; or, The Crednlows Cuckold ; a Comedy, 4to. 1677. 
ated at his Highneſs the Duke of York's Theatre.. *Tis a Play of 
Broome's reviv'd, calld, 4 Mad Couple well match'd. 

The Deſtrudtion of Jeruſalem, 

Dick Scorner, mentioned tobe a Play 1n Mr. Kirkman's Catalogue. : 

The Drvine Maſque, 4to. dedicated to General Monk, by one 
Anthany Sadler. | 


E 


Dward the Third, his Reign, a Hiſtory, 4to. 1599. ſundry times 
E play'd about the City of London. Plot from our old Engliſh 
Chronicles. . 

Edward the Third, with the Fall of Mortimer, Zar! of March, a 
Hiſtory, 4to. 1690. aRed at the Theatre Royal, by their Majeſti 
Servants; and dedicated to the Right Honourable, Henry; Lor 
Viſcount” Sidney. Plot from the Engliſh Chronicles, vide Walſing- 
ham, du Cheſue, Grafton, Stow, Speed, M.Weſtminſler, Fabian, Fro- 
iſart, Pol. Virgil, Hollinzſhead, qc. as alſo Aſchaſins Major, and 
4 Novel tranſlated from the French, ſtiled, -The Counteſs of Saliſ+ 

ry, 8v0. | 

Elvira , or, The Worſt not always True ; a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 
1667. This 1s by ſame aſcribed to the Lord Dighy. D 

The Empreſs of Morocco, a Farce, 4to. 1674. ated by his Maje- 
ſty's Servants. Said to be writ by Tho. Duffet. 

Engliſh Men for Money; or, 4 Woman will have her Will; a very 
pleaſant Comedy, 4to. 1656, often afted with great Applauſe. 


The 


160 Unknown AUTHORS. F 
The Engliſh Princes ; or, The Death of Richard the Third; a Tra- 
gedy, 4to. 1673. This Play is aſcribed to John Care!, and writ 
in Heroick Verſe. Plot from Hollingſhead, Speed, Baker, Stow, 
Fabian; Grafton, Pol. Virgil; oye. | 
Enough's as good as d Feaſt, a Comedy. 
Every Woman in her Humour, a Comedy, 4to. 609. 


F 


T HE Fa#ious Citizen; or, The Melancholy Viſioner ; a Comedy; 
4to. 1685. atted at the Duke's Theatre. EY 

The Faithful Shepherd, a Paſtoral, 4to. Plot from Guarini's 1! 
Paftor Fido, 

Fair Em, the Miller's Daughter of Mancheſter ; with the Love of 

William the Conqueror, a pleaſant Comedy,gqtc. 1631. often ated 
in the City 'of London, by the Servants of the Right Honourable, 
the Lord Strange. .. | 

The Fairy Queen, an Opera, 4to. 1692. repreſented at the 
Queen's Theatre, by their Majeſties Servants. There's a Preface 
prefixt to it, in Defence of Opera's, gc. Tis wholly borrowed 
from the Midſummer-Night's Dream, of Shakeſpear, tho' there is no 
ſuch Acknowledgment by this Author. | 

The Fair Maid of Briſtow, a Comedy, 4to. 1605. play'd before 
the King and Queen at Hampton Court. 

The Falſe Favourite Diſgrac'd, and the Reward of Loyalty ; a Tra- 
gi-Comedy, 80. 1657. This Play is aſcribed to George Gerbier 
D'Owvilly, but never acted. 

The Fatal Fealouſie, a Tragedy, 4to. 1573. ated at the Duke's 
Theatre, and aſcribed by ſome to Mr. Pane. Plot from Johannes 
Gigas's Poſtills ;, ſee alſo Theatre of God's Judgments, part 2: p. 55. 
Unfortunate Lovers, Nov. 1. | 

The Feign'd Aſtrologer, a Comedy, * 4to. 1668. 'tranflated from 
the French of Monſieur Corneille, Funior. Plot -from' Calderon's 
El Aſtrologo fingido. 

Fidele and Fortunatus, in former Catalogues has been aſcribed to 
one Barker. | 

Flora's Vagaries, a Comedy, 4to. 1670. afted at the Theatre 
Royal, by his Majeſty's Servants ; aſcribed to Mr. Rhodes. Plot is 

*founded on Boccace's Third Day, Nov. 3. 

The Folly of Prieſtcraft, a Comedy, 4to. 1690. | 

The Fond Lady, a Comedy, - 4to. ' The ſame with The Amorowus Old 
Woman, only different Titles, D | 


Free-” 


= k [7% , 


Free-Will, a Tragedy, tranſlated from the Italian, by X.. C, 
/poſedd' to be Henry Cheek. 2s " 

Fulgins and Lucrelle, 1 can ſay nothing of this Play, having ne- 
yer ſeen it. 


G 


TH E Gentile Craft, ſee Shomakers Holiday, which is the ſame 


Play. 
The Ghoſt; or, The Woman wears the Breeches, a Comedy, writ 
in the Year, 1640. and printed 4fo. 1650. 


H 


THE Heetor; or, The Falſe Challenge; a Comedy, 4to. 1555. 
Henry the Fifth, with the Battel of Agen-Court ;, a Hiltory, 
4to; 1617. ated by the King's Majeſty's Servants. Plot from the 
Engliſh Chronicles, viz. Stow, Speed, Baker, gc. 
Hiſtriomaſtrix,; or, The Player whipt, a.Comedy, 4to. 1610. 
This Play was writ in the time of Queen Elizabeth. 
Hoffman his Tragedy; or, A Revenge for a Father; ated with 


_ great Applauſe, at the Phenix in Drury-Lane, dedicated by Hugh 


Perry, to his Honoured Friend Mr. Richard Kijlvert; 

How to chuſe a good Wife fram a Bad one, a pleaſant conceited 
Comedy, 40. 1634. ſeveral times ated by the ſeryants of the Earl 
of Worceſter. The Foundation of this Play is taken from a Ncye 


in Cynthio Girald?, Dec. 3. Nov. $5. the Story of Anſelmes ſaving af - 


young Arthur's Wife, is related in ſeveral Novels, viae the Ninth 
Novel of 'The Pleaſant Companion (printed in 8v0. London, 1584) 
ſtil'd, Love in the Grave, 


I 


Ack Drums Entertainment ;, or, The Comedy of Paſquit and Cathe- 
rine, 4to. 1616. ſeveral times afted by the Children of Pauls. 
ammon's poyſoning of Catherine's Face, reſembles the Uſage of 
Demagira to Parthenia, in Argulys and Parthenia, 
Fack Jugler, a Comedy, according to old Catalogues, but I 
could never procure one, 4 CORD 
Fack Straw's Life and Death, a notorious Rebelin England, who 
was kill'd in Smithfield by the Lord Mayor of London, 4#0, 1 594- 
This Play is divided into but Four ax Plot in the Engliſh rag 
Ws | mcles, 


Unborn AUTHORS, I' 6x 


mn "* 
Oe IT RIO CR 


162 Unknown AUTHORS. K | 
nicles, viz. Baker, Speed, Stow, &c. in the Reign of King Richard 
Jacob and Eſau, an Interlude, this Play, as it is eaſy to be per- 

ceived, is founded on Scripture. See Geneſis, Chap. 25, 26, ggc. 
$ce allo Joſephus, Lib. 1. Tornelli Annales, &c. 

Fames the Fourth, a Hiſtory. The Play is founded on the King 
of Scotland of that Name. 

Feronymo, the Firſt Part, with the Wars of Portugal ; or, The 
Spaniſh Tragedy, a Tragedy, 4to. 1605. containing the Life and 
Death of John Andrea. ; 

Jeronymo is mad again; or, The Spaniſh Tragedy; a Tragedy, 
containing the lamentable End of D. Horatio and Bellimperin, with 
the pitiful Death of - Feronymo, 4to. 1623. There are ſome Au- 
thors that have quoted ſeveral Lines out of this Play, viz. Ben. 
Fohnſon in Every Man in his Humour, Shirley in his Bird in a Cage, 


Ce 

Tmpatient Poverty, ſtiled a Comedy by ſome Catalogues. 

The Imperial Tragedy ; fol. 1669. a&ed at the Nurſery in Barbi- 
can, Plot from Marcellimus and Caſfiodoris, in their Chronicles about 
Zenon ; ſee alſo, Baronius, Godeau, Zonarus, (Fc. 'tis by ſome aſcri- 
bed to Sir William Killigrew, and tranſlated from the Latin. 

The Interlude of Touth, a ſerious, old, inſtrufiye Piece, written 
in Verſe in 40. | 

obn the Evangeliſt, The Title page of this alſo ſhews the Sub- 
ze(t Divine. 

The Fovial Crew ; - or, The Devil turn'd Ranter ; an Interlude, 
4to. 1651. This is a Charatter of The Roaring Ranters of thoſe 
Fimes repreſented in a Comedy. 


K 
'G- Edgar and Alfeda, a Hiſtory, 4to. Plot from Engliſh Chro- 


nicles. ; | 

The King. and - Queen's Entertainment at Richmond, after their 
teaving Oxford, in a Maſque, preſented by the *moſt Illuftrious 
Prince Charles, September 12. 1636. and dedicated to her Maje- 
fy, the Queen of Great Britain, by a Copy of Verſes. | 

A Knack how #0 know an Honeft Man, a Comedy, 4to. 1 $96. Tis 
entituled a pleaſant conceited Comedy, as it has been fundry times [| 
play'd about the City of Londgn. 

A Knack how to know a Knave, a very pleafant and merry Come- 
dy, 4to. 1594. ſeveral times ated by Edw. Allen, with Kemp's ap- 
plane Merriments. of the Men of Goreham, in receiving the 
King into Goteham. Plot from the Story of King Edgar, _ 

wa 


Unknows AUTHORS: L 16x 
"_ and Alfreda ; ſee alfo Walſingham, Grafton, Malmesbury, Stow; 
Co , 
The Knave in Grain new vampt, a Comedy, 4to. 1540. ated at 
the Fortune with very great Applauſe. | 
Knavery in all Trades; or, The Coffee-Houſe ; a Comedy, 4to: 
1664. afted in the Chriſimas Holy-days, by ſeveral Apprentices with 
great Applauſe. 
The Knight of the Golden Shield. See Sir Clyomon. 


| L 


THE Lady Alimony ; or, The Alimony-Lady ; an excelletit plea- 
ſant Comedy, 4to. 1659. duly authoriſed, daily ated, and 
uently followed. 

The Late Revolution; or, The Happy Change ; 4 Tragi-Comedy, 
ated throughout the Engliſh Dominions, in the Year 1688. writ- 
ten by a Perſon of Quality, and printed in 4to. 1690. tht Epi- 
ſtle Dedicatory is td all true Enghſh Men, gc. This Play or Sto- 
ry is what the Title Bears, viz. The Tranſattions of the Late King's 
leaving the Nation. | ; S 

The Laws of Nature, a Comedy, by former Catalogues; but I 
queſtion whether any ſuch. 

The Levellers Levelled ; or, The Independents Conſpiracy to roof out 
Monarchy ; an Interlude written by Mercurins Pragmatitus, 4to.' 
1647. This is dedicated to the late Kiag Charles the Second. 

Liberality and Prodigality, a Comedy. 

Lingua; or, The Combat of the Tongue and the-frve Senſes for 
Superiority ; a pleaſant Comedy, 4to. Mr. Winſtat'y ſays, that O1t- 
ver Cromwell, the late Uſarper, ated the part of EZa#us, in Cam- 
bridge, which firſt inſpir'd him with Ambition. NED 

London Chanticlers, a witty Comedy, full of various and de- 
lightful Mirth, often ated with great Applauſe, and printed 4to: 

1659, | 

Lock about you, a pleaſant Comedy, 4to. 1600; playd by the 
Servants of the Right Honourable, Lord High Admiral. - For the 
Hiſtorical Part, ſee the Engliſh Chronicles ; viz. Baker, Speed, Pol. 
Virgil, Daniel, oc. in the Reign of King Henry the Second. 

The Loſt Lady, a Tragi-Comedy, fol. 2m ps VEN 

Lave A-la-mode, a Comedy, 4to. 1663. ated, at Middleſex 
Houſe, with great Applauſe. This Play is juſtified by the Author 
who, 1f we believe the Title Page, is a Perſon of Honour, _.. - 

' Love's Loadftore, a Comedy, 4to..of which I refer you to the 

Letter P. where you may find ſome Account of it under the Title 

of Pathomachia ; or, The Battle of Afﬀe&#ions ; which is the fame 


| Play; 1630; | 63S 
J; 193 M 2 fares 


- 


General. 


—_ > CET CON _ - . . _ _ 
n . 


164 Unknown AUTHORS M 
Luminalia: or, .The Feſlival of Light z, a Maſque, 4t0. 1637. 

this was perſonated (the ſame Year) on Shrove-Tueſday-Night, by 

the Queen's Majeſty and her Ladies. Mc. Inigo Fones afſilted in it. 


M 


Anhd ard Wiſdom, a Play mentioned in other Catalogues, 
M Marcus Tullius Cicero, that famous Orator, his Tragedy, 4to. 
1651, writ in Imitation of Catiline's Conſpiracy, by Fohnſon. Plot 

lutarchin vita Ciceronis, Appian, Dion, Lambin, &c. 

Marriage of Wit and Science, an Interlude. 

Maſter Turbulent ; ct, The Melanchilicks; a Comedy, 4to. 1682. 
as it was atted at the Duke's Theatre. | 

Maſque of Flowers, 4to. 1614. prefented at the ya, ma. 
Houſe at White-Ha!l, by the Gentlemen of Grays-Inn, on Twelfth- 
Night, 1531. It is dedicated to-Sir Francis Bacon, then Attorney 

Maſſianello, his. Tragedy; or, Th2 Rebellion of Naples ; 8v0. 1631, 
This 1s dedicated to John Ceſar, of Hyde-Hall, in the County 
of Hertford, Eſq; Plot from Giraffi's Hiſtory of Naples, Engliſhed 
.by James Howel. 

Mercurius Britanicus ; or, The Engliſh Intelligencer ; a Tragi-Co- 
medy, 4t9. This Play retle&s much upon the Judges, Cook, Hut- 
ton, and other Perſons concerned 1n the Bufineſs of Ship-Money. 
It hys but four As. 

The Merry Devil of Edmonton, a Comedy, 4to. 1555, Plot, 
Fuller's Church Hiſt» þ. 186. | 

The M» ning Ramble ; or, The Town-Humours ; a Comedy, 4t9. 
1573. afted at the Duke's Theatre. This Play ſome think to be 
written by one Mr, Pane. 

Mucedorus, the King's Son of Valencia, and Amadon, the King's 
Daughter of Arragon ; with the Merry Conceits of Muſe; a Come- 
dy, 4to. 1658, ated at the Globe, and afterwards before the King 
-- rem 4 Hall. Suppoſed to be writ by Shakeſfear, and printed 

Orimerly. 

Tre Muſe of New-market, containing three Drolls ; viz. The Me- 
ry Milk Maid's of Tſlington ; . or, The Rambling Gallants defeated: 
«woe loft in the Dart ;, or, The Drunken Couple : The Politich Whore ;; 
or, The Conceited Cuchold. 4t.. 1631. ated (as the Title ſays) at 
New-marhet. All three Drolls ſtollen from other Plays. 

_ *The Miſtaben Beauty , or, The Lyar; a Comedy, 4to. 1535. afted 
by their Majeſties Servants, at the Theatre Royal. - Tranſlated 
from Corneille's Le Ftenteur. 


N Neg [ 2d, / ed 


Unknown A U TH OR S. P +265 


N 


N Epgletted Vertue ; or, The Unhappy Conqueror 3 a Play ated at 
the Theatre Royal, by his Majeſty's Servants, 1696. 40. 
and dedicated by Mr. Horden the Player, to the Honourable, Sir 

obhn Smith, Baronet, ggc. in which he lets his Patron. know- its 
11] Succeſs, and that it's none of his own, and. in that he's much 
. 1n the Right, for all the Comical Part is taken out of Fletcher. © 
' Nero's Tragedy, 4to. writ many Years fince; another bearing the 
like Title, was writ and publiſh'd by Mr. Lee. Plot or Hiſt. from 
' Swefonius in vita Neronis, Aurelins Vitor, Sulvitius Severus, and 
Tacitus Annal. F- 

A New Cuſtem, an Interlude, 4fo. 1573. It contains but three 
Ads, and may beaRed by four Perſons. This being writ in Queen 
Elizabeth's Time, was purpoſely to vindicate the Reformation, 

New-market-Fair, the Firſt Part, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 

New-market-Fatr ; or, Mrs. Parliament's New Figaries ; the Se- 
cond Part, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1649. and the Title teils you, 
writ by the Man in the Moon, and printed at Tow may go look. The 
Intent of theſe Two Plays are to expoſe the Rebels againſt King 

Charles the Firſt. | "REA 

The Nice Wanton, a Comedy. 

No Body, and Some Body ; with the true Chronicle Hiſtory of 
Elydure,who was fortunately three times Crown'd King of England, 

4to. ated by the Queen's Majeſty's Servants. It is not divided in- 
to As, For the true Story conſult our Engliſh Chronicles. 


O 


N Old Wrves Tale. 

Orlando Furioſo, One of the Twelve Pters of France; a Hiſt. 
4to. 1594. ated before the Queen's Majeſty. It is not divided 
into Ads : Tranſlated by 5 ir Yaln Harrington from Arioſto's Poem 


fo called. 
P 
Aſtor Fido; or, The Paithful Shepherd; a Paſtoral, 4to. 1502. 
P written in italian by Guarini, and afterwards ed into 


Engliſh by this Author, who conceals his Name ; but (if we be- 

heve the Bookſeller who printed it after his Deceaſe, was a Rela- 

tion to Sir Edward Dimeck, then Queen Elizabeth's Champion. Sir 
| BY OE M 23 : Richard 


pu 


166 Unknows AUTHORS. Q 
Richard Fanſhaw and Mr. Settle have both put their Pens to the 
ſame Subject. 

Pathomachia ; or, The Battle of Aﬀeions, Shadowed by a Feign- 
ed Seige of the City Pathopolis; a Comedy, 4to. 1630. pubhſhed 
by one Conſtable, and dedicated to the Lord Hunsdon : But is the 
ſame Play as Love's Loadſtone, only different in Title. 

' Patient Fl a Comedy. Plot from Baccace's Nevels, Day 10. 
Nov. 10. fol. , 

Pauſanias, the Betrayer of bis Country, a Tragedy, ated at t 
Theatre Royal, by his Majeſty's Seryants; written by a Perſon 
Quality, 1696. 4to. and dedicated to Anthony Henly, of the Grange 
in Hampſhire, Eſq; by Mr. Southern ;, the Epilogue being writ by 
Mr. Henly, and the Prologue by an unknown Hand. Mr.. Southern 
informs us in the Epiſtle, that it was put into his Hands by a Per- 
Ton of Quality ; and that the Play is built on the Model of the An- 
cients, and according to the Reformation of the French Stage ; 
and I am of Opinion that there is fomething of the Manly Force of 
the Ancients in it ; tho” the perverted Judgments of the Town 
po not reliſh it. The Story you will find in his Life in Plu- 
Farch. 

' The Pedlar's Prophecy, a Comedy. | 

Philotus, a Comedy, = printed in Scotland, 1612. This 
Play ſhews the Miichiefs oft-times happening by Old-Age Marrying 
with Youth. | 

Piſo's Conſpiracy, a Tragedy, 4to. 1676. ated at the Duke's 
Theatre. This is no more than the Tragedy of Nero, with a Ti- 
tle chang'd, and if you compare them, will find no Difference 
throughout. | 
* The Presbyterian Laſh; or, Noftroff's Maid Whipt ; a Tragi-Co- 
medy, 4to. 1651. and, ſays the Title Page, a&ed in the Great 
Room at the Pye-Tavern at Algate, by. Notroff the Prieſt, and ſe- 
veral of his Pariſhoners at the eating of a Chine of Beef. 

The Promiſes of God manifeſted, this has been in former Cata- 
logues as a Dramatick Piece, but whether it be fo I much queſtion. 
' .Pronus and Laſſandia, in Two Parts, | 


WC 


9 
THE Queen; or, The Excellency of her Sex ; a Tragi-Comedy, 
4fo. £653. pubpliſhed by Alexander Gough, being given him by 
a Perſon of Honour ; dedicated to the Lady Catharine Hobuy. 
Plot, part of it from Bande/lo's Novels, and part. from Hiftoires 
Tragicques par de Belleforsjt, 8:0. BIT if | 


R The 
——_ p.7Y 


Unknown AUTHORS. R 167 


R 


7 E Rampant Alderman ; or, News from the Exchange ; a Farce, 
4fo. 1685. This 15s taken out of ſeveral other Plays, -as Fine 
Companion, &c. + rg 
The Rape ; or, The Innocent Impoſtors, a Tragedy, ated at the 
Theatre Royal, by their Majeſties Servants, 1692. 4t9. and dedi- 
cated to the Right Honourable, Charles, Earl of Dorſet and 
Middleſex, &yc. This Play was writ by a Divine, tho' introduc'd by 
our late Layreat, Mr. Shadwel. It met with no great Succeſs, tho 
it 15 not the worſt of our Engliſh Tragedies. 
The Reformation, a Comedy, 4to. 1673. ated at the Duke's 
—— This Play is accounted to be written by Mr. Arrow- 
mth. 
The Rehearſal, a Comedy, 4to. 1683. This being an excellent 
Farce, and aſcribed to the late Duke of Buckingham, as Author, 
has bore ſeveral Impreſſions, and is frequently ated of late Days. 
This Play laſhes the ridiculous Modet of our modern Trazedies. 

The Religious Rebel, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1671. , 

The Return from Parnaſſus ; or, The Scourge of Simtony, a Come- 
dy, 4to. 1606. . It was atted by the Students of St. Fobn's Cl- 
ledge in Cambridge. This Play cenſures the Poets, and 15 the Ori- 
ginal Dr. Wild's Play, call'd, The Benefice. 

The Revenge ; or, A Match in Newgate; a Comedy, 4to. 1680. 
ated at the Duke's Theatre. This is only a Play of Marſton's, 
called, The Dutch Courtezan, reviv'd and aſcribed to Mrs. Behn. 

The Rivals, a Tragi-Comedy, 1n 4to. printed 1668. 

Robin Conſcience, This has been ſtiled a Play, -but is rather an 
old Dialougue, entituled, Robin Conſcience againft his Father Covernss, 
his Mather Newguiſe, and bj Sifter Proud Beauty. | 

Rohm Hod's Paſtoral May Games. 

Robin Hd and his Crew of Solaters. 

Romulus and Heyſilia, or, The Sabine War ; a Tragedv, 4t0. 
- 683. Plot from Livii Hiſt. lib. 1. Ovid Metamarph. lb. 14 

C. 
The Royal Cuckold ; or, Great Baſtard; giving an Account of 
the Birth and Pedigree, of Lewis le Grand,. tne Firſt French Ring 
of that Name and Race, a Tragi-Co:nedy, as it is ated by his Im- 
perial Majeſty's Servants, at the Amphitheatre in Vienna ; tranfle- 
ted out of the German Language, by Payt Veegeriit, 1695, 4fo. 
and dedicated to the Right Honourable, Edward Ruſſe!, Lord 
High Admiral of England, dc. This Play was never ated, and 
is taken from a little Book in 8v0. called, The Secret Hiſtory of 


Lewis the Fourteenth, 


2168 Unknown AUTHORS. S 
The Royal Maſque at Hampton-Court, 4to. 1604. preſented Zanu- 
ary the 8th, that Year; perſonated by the Queen's moſt excellent 
Majeſty, and the Ladies of Honour attending. 
The Royal Voyage; or, The Iriſh Expedition ; a Tragi-Comedy, 
to. 1690. You may eaſily conjeRure what the Subjet of this 
Play is, by its Title and Date, 


$ 
Camas Spolia, a ns, 4to. 1639. This was preſented by 
3 the King and Queen's Majeſties, on the 21th of Fanuary the 


ſane Year at White-Hall. The Scenes, Machines -and Ornaments 


are the Invention of Mr. Inigo Fones, Surveyor General of his Ma- 
zeſty's Works. What was ſung or ſpoken, was writ by Sir William 
Davenant ; and the Muficx was compoſed by her Majeſty's Maſter 
07 Muſick, Mr. Lewis Richards. 

'The Scottiſh Politick Presbyter Slain by an Engliſh Independent ; 
or, The Independents Vittory over the Presbyterian Party, Sc. a Tra- 
| £i-Comedy, 4to. 1647. This is a Play of the ſame Claſs with the 
zormer, and of moſt others that are writ by Anonimous Authors, 
for the particular Guſt of the Times they are printed in. The 
Year ot its being printed, thc Title of it ſhews ; where the Rea- 
dcr may find more of the Grounds of it, viz. ih the Accounts of 
the Tranſa@ions of thoſe Times. ; 

She Ventures, and He yiins, a Comedy, a&ed at the New Thea- 
fre in Little-Lincolns-Tnn- Fields, by his Majsſty's Servants, written 
by a young Lady, 1695. 4to. The Plot is taken from a very plea- 
1ant witty Novel of Mr. Alexander Olds, called, The Fair Extrava- 
gant ; or, The Humorous Bride. 

Sicelides, a Piſcatory Dramma, or a Paſtoral, 4to. 1631. ated 
at King's-Colledge, Cambridge. For the Plot conſult Ovid Meta- 
morph, lib. 4, & 13. alſo Orlando Furtioſo. 

Shoomakers Holyday ; or, The Gentle Craft; with the Humorous 
Liie of Simon Eyre, Shoomaker and Lord Mayor of London, a Co- 
medy, 4to. 1657. ated before the Queen's moſt excellent Majeſty, 
by the Right Honourable the Lord High Admiral's Servants. The 
Story from the old Book, called, The Gentle Craft, 4to. 

The Siege of Conſtantinople, a Tragedy, 4to. 1675. aGed at the 
Puke's Theatre. Plot from Heylin's Coſmography, Book 2. in the 
Deſcription of Greece, Paulus Fovins, Knolles Hift. and Conſtanti- 
np lis a Mabammada 2da. expugnata, fol.: | 

The Stege and Surrender of Mons, a Tragi-Comedy, expofing the 
Villany of the Prieſts, and the Intreagues of the French, 1681. 4to. 
This' was never ated, and is built on the publick News, and pri- 
vate Reports of that Sicpe. PER 7.4 | 

EE - 8 gir 


ww Rey 


& 6 2 


Rs. Two *. Ae. +. 


Unknows AUTHORS. 5$S 169 
Sir Clyomon, Knight bh the Golden-Shield, Son to the King of Den- 
mark ; and Clamydes, the White Knight, Son to the King of Suavia, 
(both Valiant Knights) their Hiſtory, 4to. 1 599. 

Sir Giles Gooſe-Cap, Knight ; a Comedy, 4to. 1636. ated at the 
private Houfe in Salisbury-Court, with great Applauſe. , This was 
publiſh'd by one Perry, and dedicated to Richard Young, Eſq; 

Sir Solomon ; or, The Cautious Coxcomb; a Comedy, 4to. 1671 
acted at his Royal Highneſs, the Duke of York's Theatre, This is' 
moſtly a Tranſlation from Moliere's L'Ecole des Femmes, and moſt 
agree done by Mr. Carel. This Play, tho' met with ſome Ene- 
mies, yet found Succeſs in the Aion ; and afterwards the Author 
printed a Juſtification of it. 

Solimon and Perſeda, their Tragedy ; wherein is laid open Love's 
Conſtancy, Fortune's Inconſtancy, and Death's Triumphs ; 4to. 1599. 
This n Play, with the before-going long Title, is not divided in- 
to A 

The Sophiſter, a Comedy, 4to. 1638. This Play, tho' printed, 
was not, I believe, ever acted. | 

The Spaniſh Bawd; or, Caliſto and Melibea, repreſented in Cele-_ 
ſtina, a Tragi-Comedy, fol. 1631. The Play is very long, and, 
was originally writ in Spaniſh, and done into Engliſh by Don Diego 
Puedeſer,a Spaniard ; who alſo tranſlated another Book into Engliſh, 
called, Exemplary Novels, fol. There are Twenty Four Ads in The 
Spaniſh Bawds. | 

Sport upon Sport ; Drolls, 8909. This is a ColleQtion of Drolls 
taken from Plays, by Kirkman, and printed 1673. 

The Step-Mother, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1664. ated at the The- 
atre in Little Lincolne-Inn-Fields, by his Highneſs, the Duke of 
Tork's Servants. 

The Strange Diſcovery, a Tragi-Comedy, 4to. 1640. Plot and 
Language from Heliodors's Athiopick, Hiſt. 8v0. Book 10. ; 

Suſanna's Tears. . 

The Subjetts Joy; or, The King's Reſtauration, cheerfully made 
known in a ſacred Maſque, &c. 4to. 1660. dedicated to the Lord 
General Monk, This Maſque has been omitted by Mr. Langbarn. 

Swetnam, the Woman- Hater, "arraign'd by Women, a Comedy, 4to, 
1620. ated at the Red-Bull, by the Queen's Servants. Plot from 
an old Spaniſh Book, call'd, Hifloria de Aurelia, Iſabella Hija del 
Rey de Eſcotia, &c. 12mo. and from an Engliſh Pamphlet, entitu- 
led, The Arraignment of Lewd, Idle, Froward, and Jnconſtant Wee 


fa N. 


7 Temye 


_— >  —RI——R—TLY <1 12 = SITIEAG EEE —_ eo ——e—_ ee —_ 


Re 


” OIL oo ——_— ——_— + — 
. 


170 Unknown AUTHORS.  T 
- 2 


6 Hy Reſtored a _ 4to, 1631, This was preſented on 
wh. 


Shrove-Tueſday, at White-Hall, to his Majeſty, by the Queen 
and fourteen Ladies of Honour. The Deſcriptions, gg. of 'the 
Scenes were invented by Mr. Inigo ones. . 

Therſytes, an Interlude. | 

Tiberixs (Claudius Nero) his Tragical Life and Death, a Trage- 
dy, 4fo. 16 . Plot from Suetonius, Dion, Tacitus, &c. 

Timoleon; or, The Rewlution; a Tragi-Cemedy, London, printed 
1697. 4to. and dedicated to his Friend, 7. F. The Comical part 
is a very good and uſeful Satyr on the Mercenary Temper of many 
Courtiers of preferring Money to Merit. The Story of Timolenn, 
is in his Life in Plutarch, and Cornelius Nepos, (5c. 

Tom Eſſence ; or, The Modiſh Wife; a Comedy, 4te. 1677. This 
Play ſucceeded well,' and is. ſaid to be writ by one Mr. Rawlins; 
Part from Molliere's Le Cocu Imaginarie, and part from Corneilles 
D. Ceſar D' Avalos. x 
Tom Tyler and his Wife, an Interlude, 4to. graves firſt many 
Years ago, in an old Enghſh Black Letter, and in a fort of Bur: 
leſque Verſe. The Drift of the whole Play 1s to repreſent and 
humble a Shrew. If it be compar'd with Monfieur Porſon's Le S5t 
Venge, a near reſemblance will appear. 

A Traytor to Himſelf ; or, Man's Heart his greateſt Enemy ; 4 
moral Interlude, in Heroick Verſe, 4to. 1678. This was ated by 
the Boys of a Publick School at a Breaking up, and publiſh'd that 
it may be uſeful on the like occaſion. In it are no Womens Parts. 
Plautius his Captives is writ like it. . 

The True Trojans ;, or, Fuime Troes; beinga Story of the Britains 
Valour at the Romans firſt Invaſion; a Hiftory, 4to. 1633. This 
Play was publickly preſented by the Gentlemen Students of Mag- 
dalen-College, in Oxm. Plot from Liv. Lib. 5. Ceſar Comment. 
Lib. 4, and 5. Galfridus ap. Arthur Monumetenſis. De Geftis Re- 
gum Britannie, Lib. 4. ©. 

A Tryal of Chivalry, 4to. Wanting the Title Page, I'm jgnorart 
of the Date and Place of its a&ing. 

Tryal of Treaſure. 

The Triumphs of Virtue, a Tragi-Comedy, aQted at the Theatre 
Royal, 1697. by his Majeſty's Servants. Thio' this Play ſucceeded 
not, it ſeems, among a great many Faults of Language, not to 
want ſome Merit; and had the Style and Language been as good 
as.the Deſign, it could not have faifd of Applauſe. The Begin- 
;ng ſeems to be borrowed from Fletcher's Wit without Money ; and 
great 


Uzkbrown AUTHORS. W 17x 
great = of the Charatter of Antonio (if I'm not miſtaken) is co- 
pied from thence. : 

Tunbridge-Wells; or, A Day's Courtſbip, a Comedy, 4to. 1678. 
ated at the Duke's Theatre. This is thought to be writ 
Mr. Rawlins, tho' the Title fays, by a Perſon of Quality, This 
does not equal Epſom-Wells, | 

Twamical Government. 


O 


T HE Unfortunate Uſurper, a «Tragedy, 4to. 1663. dedicated 
to Mr. Edward Umferville. The fame Story of Andronicus 
Comments, 1s writ by one Wilſon, before-mentioned ; which Play I 
| fake to excel this, but in this, A& 5. Scene 3. we have a Paral- 
le] between thoſe Times, and our late Civil Wars. 

The Ungrateful Favourite, a Tragedy, 4tv. 1664. writ by a Per- 
| ſon of Honour ; but I do not find it was ever ated. See Guicciar- 
' | dine Pontanus, and other Writers on the Afﬀairs of Naples, 


14 


A Warning for Fair Women, a Tragedy, 4to. 1599, The 
Title tells you 1t contains the moſt Tragical and Lamenta- 
| ble Murther of Mr. George Sanders, of London, Merchant, near 
' | Shooters- Hill. 
| The Weakeſt goes to the Wall, a Comedy, 4to. 1618. ated by 
* | the Right Honourable, the Earl of Oxon, Lord Great C 
of England's Servants. 

Wealth and Health. | 

Wily Beguiled, a pleaſant Comedy, 4to. The Chief ARors ih the 
Comedy are a Poor Scholar, a Rich'Fool, and a Knave at a Shift. 

Wine, Beer, Ale and Tobacco, contending for Superiority ; incerted 
in former Catalogues as an Interlude, but 1s no other than a Dia- 
logue, 4to, 1658. # | % 
Win her and Take her; or, Old Fools will be Medling; a Come- 
dy, 4to. 1691. adted at the Theatre Royal, by their Majeſties Ser- 
yants ; and is dedicated to the Right Honourable, Peregrine, Earl - 
of Danby, Viſcount Latimer, &c. by Mr. Underhill. | 
The Wit of a Woman, a pleaſant merry Comedy, 4to. 1604- 


172 Unknown AUTHORS. W 


The Wits led by the Noſe; or, A Poets Revenge ; a Tragi-Comedy, 
4to. 1578. ated at the Theatre Royal, great part of it is taken 
from Chamberlain's Love's Viftory. | 

Woman turn'd Bully, a Comedy, 4to. 1675. ated at the Duke's 
TR This . Play met not with that Succeſs as was cx- 
ay Woman will have her Will, See Engliſh Men for Money, 


— 


THE 


mp, *» wy > ,eL.4a495> © 


-O GY 


FE H-E 


APPENDIX. 


REAT Part of theſe Sheets having been printed a 
good while, as occafion'd a Neceſſity of this Supple- 
ment to compleat the Deſign of the Book, in giving the 
Reader an Account of all the Plays that have been hi- 
therto printed ;' ſome whereof were accidentally omitted in their 
proper Places. 


4+ 


Known AUTHORS. 


Thomas Dilke. 


HIS Author has lately publiſh'd another Comedy, call'd, 
'T The Pretenders ; or, The Town Unmask'd, a Comedy, afted 
at the Theatre in Little Lincolns-Fields, by his Majeſty's Servants ; 
and dedicated to Thomas Barnadiſton, of Ketton, in Suffolk , Eſq; 
I have little to fay to this Play, for 'tis not fair to attack a Man 
that's down, tho' I do not. think (conſidering what Plays have 
pleas'd) that this ought to have met with ſo ſeyere a Fate, Vain- 
throat: ſeems a Copy of Medley, and Scandal! ; Sir Bellamour, a + 
faint Shadow of the Plain Dealer, or at leaſt of Blunt in The Com- 
mittee; Captain Bounceby we have had in various Plays, as The 
Squire of Alſatia, Old Batchelor, Epſom Wells, &c. Since the Mif- 
carriage of this Play, the Author died, | 


Thomas D'Urfey. 


F His Author has lately publiſh'd another Play, call'd, 
The Campaigners, or, The Pleaſant Adventures at Bruſſels ; 
with a Familiar Preface upon a late Reformer of the Stage ; ending 
with 


: 
- 
1 
; iz 
1 
! 


u - 
_ ——O— 


_— Cn —_—_ 


—_ 


- w» _—_ —_ - Þ— um 
Ol ICE OIRoy To ae SALT one Wo Won WS Omen 


2 ———_ 


- ” _—_— =— - —_ —- - 
TR OE ITS. nc. 


— 


194 — The APPENDIX. 
a Satyrical Fable of the Dog and the Ortor, 1698. 4to. 'Tis dedica- 
ted to the Right Honourable, Thomas, Lord Wharton, oyc. The 
Intreague and Diſcovery betwixt Madam Lz Marguiſe, and the 
Colonel! is borrowed from a Novel or Memoir, called, Female 


Charles Gildon. 


7 5s Author, being known tos late to be brought in the Order 

of the Alphabet, I have placid him here in the Appendix, 
with an Account of thoſe two Plays he has already Publiſh'd, and 
are own'd by him, the' his Name, without his Conſent, was omit- 
ted in the Imprefſions of the Plays. 

He is, as I'm 1nferm'd, a Ge n born at Gillingham, near 
Shaftsbury, in the County of Dorſet. His Parents and Family were 
4!] of the Romiſh Perſuaſwon, and in the time of the Civil War, 
doubly incur'd the Penalties of the Prevailing Side both as en- 
gag'd in the Royal Party, and as Recuſants in Religion ; for which, 
after the Plunderiags of the War, his Grandfather paid two thirds 

. of his Eſtate,. all the Time of that Government. His Father was of 
the Honourable Society of Grays-Inn, and tho! a great Zealot for the 
Faith he was born in, he cou'd not convey that Zeal to his Son, our 
Author, whom he dying, left but Nine Years of Age, having ſold. 
the beſt part of the Eſtate that our Author was born to, before he 
died. Gillingham, the Place of his Nativity, gave our Author the 
firſt Rudiments of Learning, under a very Hopeſt and Learned Ma- 
ſter, one Mr. Zoung, Thence his Relations ſent him to the Eng- 
liſh Colledpe of Sconlar, Prieſts at Doway in Hainault, with a defign 
of making him a Preeft, if his Inclination cou'd away with that | 
Funton ; which was ſuppos'd the beſt Support of a Gentleman J- 
whoſe Fortunes and Religion could, promiſe him no creater Advan- 

. tage. But aiter Five Years Study there, ' he found his Inclinath/ 
ons point him another way; and at the Age of about Nineteen 
he returns for England; and as ſoon as One and Twenty, put it 
into his Power of enjoying thoſe Pleaſures that Age generally Þ 
par he came to London, where having ſpent the Remainder of 

is Paternal Eſtate, betwizt Two or Three and Twenty he married; 
and moſt of the Reign of King Fames, he ſpent in reading the j 
Controverſies of that Time; being diflatisfied with ſeveral of the 
Tenentsof the Church of Rome, that he had imbib'd with his Mo- 
ther's Milk, as they fay. In him there was an Example how diff- 
cult a thing it is, to overcome the Prejudice of uy ap n; for IJ 


—Yy _ yy y_ 


am aflur'd that it coſt him above Sevea Years Study a nteſt; 
before, he coul:! entirely ſhake off all thoſe Opimonsthat hadJ 
grown up with him from a -_ tho' he cou'd not anſ.ver wh 


AO MPAS ODS 


himſelf 


Y WFR—"R —— 


FR Boone ang mn<ac T7 5aMy. 00 Fe muns to i 


The APPENDIX. 175 
himſelf the Conviftion of his Reaſon in the Points of Religion, 
yet he did what is faid of Medea, by Ovid : 


v 
Video meliora probg; 


Sn je quor 


F haye heard him fay, that the firſt Book that gave him the 
greateſt Conviction was, the Diſcourſe of the late pious and in- 
genious Dr. Tillotſon, Lord Archbiſhop of Canterbury, againſt 
Tranſubſtantiation, lent him by a Lawyer, that at the fame time 
cheated him of about Four Hundred Pounds, tho' he made way 
for that Peace of Mind that this Book firſt opened the Door 
fo. 

If I ſhouw'd do with our Author, what ſome other Writers of 
Lives have done, I might here tell you of his Inclinations to Poe- 
try from his Childhood, and talk of his Performances ; but he be- 
ing my Friend, I ſhall forbear all things that may argue me guil- 
ty of Partiality ; and ſhall only fay, as he tells us in a Letter of 
his Eſſays, that Neceffity was the Motive of his venturing to 
be an Author. His firft attempt in the Drammatick way, was not 
till he was was paſt Thirty Two Years of Age; and then in about 
a Month's time, he gave usa Tragedy, calld, The Roman Bride's Re- 
venge; but of that in its Order : for we muſt firſt ſpeak of a Play 
of the late famous Mrs. Behn's, which he introduc'd by the Inipor- 
tunity of a Friend of hers and his, on the Stage : It was called, 
The Tounger Brother ; or, the Amorous Filt ; out of the Reſpe to 
her Memory, and a Deference, which was too nice, to her Judg- 
ment, he durſt not make any Alterations 1n it, but what were 
abſolutely-neceffary, and thoſe only in the firſt and ſecond AR, 


| which refle&ed on the Whigs; when if he had alter'd the jejune 
Stile of the three laſt Acts, betwixt Prince Frederick and Mirtilla, 


which was too heavy, in all Probability 1t would have been more 
to the Advantage of his Purſe. But now I ſhall proceed to his 
_— which are two in Number ; the firſt in our Alphabeti- 
er, is, 
Phaeton; or, The Fatal Divorce; a Tragedy, afted at the Thea- 
tre Royal, written in Imitation of the Ancients, gyc. 1698. 4to. 
and dedicated to the Right Honourable, Charles Hontague, Eſq; . 


 &c. the moſt Noble and us Patron of the Muſes that our 


Nation has Produc'd. Tho' it was a very bold Undertaking of a 
Young Author, to attempt to bring fo very different a way of 
Writing on ſo corrupt a Stage as ours; yet the Succeſs juſtified 
his Opinion, that the Irregular, Prophane, and Obſcene Plays took 
oily becauſe our Audience ſaw no other, through the Poets Fault. 


\ The Plot, and oy, wy many of the Beauties of the Play, the An-- 


- ther fairly owns 


- -» 


he has taken from'the Medea of Ew! oy 


9 


17s --- The APPENDIX 
and in his Preface you may find his Reaſons for altering the Names 
and Charaters from what they were in the Original that he has 
here copied. 

The Roman Bride's Revenge, a Tragedy, ated at the Theatre 
Royal, 1697. 4t2. dedicated by the Bookſeller to William Gregory, 
Eſq; This Play was our Author's firſt; and as it was writ in a 
Month, fo it had the Fate of thoſe untimely Births, as haſty a 
Death. Tho' notwithſtanding the Faults of this Play, which 
muſt be conteſs'd numerous enough, there is ſo much Merit in the 
Firſt, and part of the Second A, and the Beauty of the Cataſtro- 
phe, that if the Voice of the Town had not heen influenc'd by 
the Il] Repreſentation, it muſt have met with a leſs rigorous Cen- 
ſure. But the Author's Faults lic generally in the Stile, and the 
Incidents of the Third and Fourth As. The Stile 15 too- near an 
Imitation of Mr. Lees (the worſt Qualification of that Poet, who 
had Beauties enough to make amends for it) I mean in many Places, 
for in others 'tis Juſt enough. The Incidents were too numerous, 
and not ſo diſtin& as to be well diſcern'd by the Audience, eſpe- 
cially in the Fourth A&, Tho' I think there is no Incident in this 
Play fo unnatural, as ſome of our celebrated ' Plays are efteem'd 
for ; and then the Confuſion of the Aion contributed to the ma- 


Wh” 


king them ſeem leſs prepar'd. The Plot I take to be ofthe ; 


Author's. own Invention, allowing for a Hint taken frgm Cagtimi 
cf Galata, which is thus far improv'd, that the Husbatid hat $ 


alive aſter the Wife has drank the Poiſon, which heighten b&'Þ. 


Diſtreſs of the Chief Charafers. But the Moral is one off; 
moſt noble of any of our Modern Plays, it being to give 
Example in the Puniſhment of Martian, that no Confideratif 
the World, ought to u_ us delay the Seryice of our Cout 


PO 2 (12 LD1 CEP / PR. ba. ; 
Bn. UC. BY of / WKAMEENRN (5: 
- 


A o 7. Peter Mottenx. 
, F 


Cine the Printing of the foregoing Sheets, this Author has pub- 
liſh'd another Play, call'd, 

Beauty in Diſtreſs, a Tragedy, as it isa&ed at the Theatre in 
Little Lincolns-Irn-Felds, by his Majeſty's Servants, 4to. 1698. de- 
dicated: to Henry Heveningham, Eſq; I cannot perceive that the 
Author has ſtole any part of his Deſign, nor am apt to believe he 
has, ſince he has generally been very free in owning to whom he 
has owed any Part of what he has publiſh'd. There are a great 
many very fine Lines in this Play, yet Comedy ſeems much 
more the Bent of our Author's Genius than Tragedy; -tho 
it muſt be confeſs'd, that in the Multiplicity of his Incidents 
he has follow'd only the Example of our native Poets, whuch may 
well excuſe him. Before this Play we have a Diſcourſe of the 

25 | 2 Lawfulneſs 


* 


TH tHe AH. - 


| - being numerous, tho' this*may, be ſaid of them, which cannot-of 


The APPENDIX. 177 
1 awfulneſs and Unlawfulneſs of Plays ; lately written (as the Ti- 
tle ſays) in French, by the Learned Father Caffara, Divinity. Pro- 
feflor at Paris, Sent in a Letter to the Author, by a Divine of 
the Church of England. OO NEN 
Europe's Revels for the Peace, and bis. Majeſty's happy- Return, a 
Muſical Interlude, 4to. 1697. perform'd at the Theatre. in Little 
Lincolns-Inn-Fields, by his Majeſty's Servants, at the King's Return 
after the Conclufion of the Peace ; with a Panegyrical Poem, ſpo-. 
ken there, on the ſame Occaſion. The Muſick tet by Mr. Eccles. 
Dedicated to Sir Theodore Fanſſen: 


Mary, Counteſs of Pembroke. 


T= Lady (accidentally omitted by the Printer) was that Siſter 
K to Sir Philip Sidney, to whom he dedicates his fam'd Arcadia, 
ſhe was the only:-Woman, almoſt, that had the Generofity to be a 'Y 
true Patroneſs to Poetry ; for ſuch ſhe was to Mr. Samuel Daniel, 
who had” been her Tutor, we haye had many Pretenders to the 
Muſes of that Sex, but I do not reniember that I have read of any 
one; that having Power, did ever exert it in the Encouragement 
* affd Patronage of any particular Poet, or Poetry in general; *Tis 
. krue indeed, the Catalogue of Men that have done 1t, -is far from 


_ POL Tr 5 Wir CC. - a 


'our little Politicians, That-they have been the greateſt Men of 
their Age, and perhaps of any Age. She publiſh'd one Play, 
7 Mr: Langbain could never procure a' Sight of; it is entitu - 
. led. ' 
Antonius ; or, The Tragedy of Anthony; 80. 1495. This is 4 


Tranſlation out'of-Fnch; tho' it was very well for a Lady of thoſe. = 
times, Þut in nothing fo defirable, as Mr. Langbain ſeems to make | 
it, only becauſe the Work of a Perſon of Quality ; for he has al- 4 
ways a filft9us Tender for Quality. . 


William Philips, Eſq; : 


A Gentleman, as we find by the Epiſtle Dedicatory, that had 
his Education-in Ireland ; he has given us a Play, calld, . = 
The Revengeful Queen, a Tragedy, as it was a&ted at the Thea- | 

fre Royal, by his Majeſty's Servants, 1698. The Story, he tells | 

you, 1s taken from the fourth or fifth Page of Machiave's Hiſtory 
of Florence; and he ſeems ſenſible, - that the Charaters: of A/- 
boino, and Roſamund are not agreeable to the preſent Taſte of the 
Spe and that Sir William D' Avenant has writ a Play on the ſame 


& » ' 4 


N Mary 


_— —— ER GE 


The APPENDIX. 


Mrs. Mary Pix. . 
Tis Prolifick Lady has _ gratified the Town with a Play,call'd 
The Deceiver Decetv'a, a Comedy, as 'tis now ated by his Maje- 
ſty's Servants, at the Theatre in Little Lincolns-Inn-Fields, 4to. 
1598. and dedicated to Sir Robert Marſham, "Knight and Baronet. 
This Play and The Impoſtor Cheated, are on the fame Bottom, built 
on a little printed Story of the ſame Subje&. I think the Scene 
where the Blind Man's Wife make's Love before his Face,- is bet- 
ter manag'd in Mr. Powel's Play, than here, tho' in genera), this 
15 the better Play. | | 
Queen Catharine; or, The Ruines of Love, a Tragedy, 4to. 1658. 
aed at the Theatre in Little Lincolns-Inn-Fields; and dedi- 
cated to the Honourable Mrs. Cook of Norfolk. For the Plot con- 
ſult Baker, Speed, Stow, mm the Lives of Edward the Fourth, and 


Henry the Sixth. 
Mr. Rivers. 


LL that I know of this Author, is but on Report ; which 1s, 
A that he was a Jeſuit, and writ a Play, call'd, 

The Traytor, which he put into Mr. Shirleys Hands, and by his 
means it wasafted. It was reviv'd in 1692. and dedicated by the 
Anonymous Reviver to the Earl of Clincarty. Tho' I cannot, with 
the Reviver, ſay 'tis the beft Tragedy this Age has produc'd, be- 
cauſe -1t is far from being ſo; yet this I can juſtly fay, That the 
CharaQer of Sctarrah is very well drawn, and diſtinguiſh'd through- 
out the Play; and fo 15 that of Lorenzo. As for the Plot, *tis very 
irregulzr, and conſiſts of various A@ions ; tho' the Poet's Deſign 
ſeems to aim at a very good Moral. The ſtrange Humour that 
has too long reign'd in our Engliſh Poets, milled the Author, I 
ſuppoi2, to the' Choice of ſuch barbarous and bloody Murders, to 
ful up his Play ; which however frequent and tollerable in 7taly, - 
have nothing to do here. Murther ts too great a Crime to ſee 
voluntarily committed on onr Stage; the Law puniſhes it with 
Iznominy, tho' the Poet has nothing to do with it, I meanb 
Right. Tis Play has gone for Shirley's. | 


Tho. Shadwell, Eſq; 


N E Play of this Author's has been accidentally omitted in its 
proper Place, 17. - 

The Vertuoſn, a Comedy, 4to. 1679. ated at the Duke's Theatre; 
and dedicated to the late Duke of. Newcaſtle. This Play, for the 
great Variety of Charafers, (Fc. has always found Succeſs, and 1s 
accounted one of the beſt Plays this Author writ. 


Ja. Shirley. 


*F fs one Play was by Accident overſeen in its proper Place, and 
therefore interted here ; The 


178 


The APPENDIX. 179 


The Triumphs of Peace, a Maſque, 4to. 163 3.. preſented before 
the King and Queen at White-Hatl, by the Four'Honourable Houſes, 
or Inns of Court Gentlemen; dedicated by the Author to the Four 
Equal Honourable Societies of the Inns of Court. The Maſquers 
went in a ſolemn Cavalcade (their Habits being extraordinary 
Rich) from Ely-Houſe in Holbourn, to White-Hall. Mr. Inigo Jones 
- contrived the Scenes and Ornaments : and Mr. Lawes and Mr. Joes 
compos'd the Muſick. 


Mrs. Catharine Trother. 


F ls Lady, by her Parents, is of Scotch Extraftion, tho' born 

and bred in England ; admirable for two things rarely found 
together, Wit and Beauty; and with theſe a Penetration very un- 
common in the Sex. She diſcovers in her Converſation, a Fineneſs 
and Nicety of Reaſoning on the higheſt Metaphyſical SubjeFs; nor 
15 ſhe leſs entertaining on the more Gay and Converſible. She 
has already given us two Plays, which challenge our Admiration, 
we like the firſt, but are tranſported with the laſt; there is 
the Chaſtity of her Perſon, and the Tenderreſs of her Mind in 
both ; the Paſſions are natural and moving, the ſtile juſt and fami- 
har, and adapted to the Subje& ; if there be not the Sublime, 'tis 
becauſe there was no room for it, not becauſe ſhe had not Fireand 


Genius enough to write it. What I ſay will be fecur'd from the * 


Imputation of Flattery, by what ſhe has writ ; and 'tis the Brevity 
I have propos'd my ſelf in this Undertaking, that confines me to 
this little, and obliges me to proceed to her Plays. 

Agnes de Caſtro, a Tragedy, 4to. 1595. ated at the Theatre 
Royal, and dedicated to the Right Honourable, Charlzs, Earl of 
Dorſet and Middleſex, gc. This Play met with good Suc:efs. 
'Tis built on a Novel of the ſame Title, written Originally in 
French, by a French Lady, and tranſlated into Engliſh by Mrs. Behn. 

Fatal Friendſhip, a Tragedy, -as-it 15 ated at the new Theatre in 
Little Lincolns-Inn-Fields, 1698. and dedicated to her Royal! High- 
neſs the Princeſs of Denmark. I need fay nothing of this Play, 
the Town has prevented my Approbation; and I can only add, 
that I think it deferv'd the Applanſe it met with, - which every 
Play that has the Advantage of being Clapt, cannot get from the 
ſeverer and abler Judges. | 


William Walker. 


Young Gentleman of about Nineteen Years of Age, he was 
born (if Pm not mis-inform'd) ih the Iſle of Barbadves, and 


$ N 2 


/ 


OY ON —— melt 


ee 
. —— DO et nm 


189 The APPENDIY. 


of a good Family, his Education was moſt tn England; he has 
publiſh'd one Play,. call'd, | : 
Vittorious Love, a Tragedy, as it is ated at the Theatre Royal 
Drury Lane, 1698. 4to. and dedicated to the Honourable Zames 
Kendal, Eſq; one of the Lords of the Admiralty. He tells us in 
the Preface, that he ated a part himfelf in his Play, which I ſu 
pete was no Diſadvantage to it : for it was, as we learn from t 
ame Preface, well received by the Town. The Play ſeems'to be a 
kind of Imitation of Oroonoko, only here inſtead of one, they are 
all Negro's. But, if they think the Devil white, methinks ſhe 
ſhou'd ſcarce be fo very Amiable in their Eyes; but under this 
Cenſure Imoinda wou'd equally fall ; and 'tis very excuſable in fo 
young a Beginner as Mr. Walker. I only fay it, for fear the Pub- 
lick ſhould go on, and we ſee nothing but Black Heroes for the Fu- 
ture, ſince the Colour ſpreads ſo faſt on the Stage. The Greek 
Poets ſeldom went out of Greece for their Heroes ; but ours onthe 
contrary, find Heroes every where but in their own Country; this 
15 no Argnment of their Judgment or Vertue; for if Example be 
that they wou'd inſtru by, the nearer the Example is related to 
us, the more force it will naturally have upon us. | 


Fulk Grevile, Lord Brook. 


T His Right Honourable Author was Son to Sir Fulk Grevile the 

Elder of Beauchamp-Court in Warwick-ſhire;, he left Cambridge 
in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth ;. was made a Baron in the Seven- 
teenth-Year of King James the Firſt; and was famous for Valour 
and Learning : among other Poems he gave us two Plays : He lies 
buried in Warwick-Church under a Black and White Marble, on 
winch he's ſhI'd Servant to Queen Elizabeth, Counſellor to King 
Zames, and Friend to Sir Philip Sidney. See more of him in 
Fuller's Hiſtory. 

Alaham, a Tragedy, fol. 1633. This Play 1s built on the Mo- 
del of the Ancients ; the Prologue is ſpoken by a Ghoſt, and the 
Spettre gives an Account of each Chara&er. The Scene of the 
Drama hies at the Entrance of the Perſian Gulph, of which Place 
you may read in Mr. #:rbert's Travels, fol. the Third Edition, 
P--114. | | 

Muſtapha, a Tragedy, 4to. 1609. fol. 1633. This Play ſeems 
alſo an Imitation of the Ancients, and for the Plot conſult Paulz 
Fovint, and other Turkiſh Chronicles. 

Theſe Two Plays are pritrted together with other: Poems of his 
Lordſhips, in fol. 1633. The Life of Sir Philip Sidney before his 
Arcadia, 15 faid to be written by this our Author ; + as alſo another 
Volume of Poems and Remains, 84w.-not printed till the Year 
1570, —_ 


UNKNOW Ns|- 


Te APPENDIX. 191 


Unknown AUTHORS. 


from Plautis, with Critical Remarks upon each Play. 

This Tranſlation is ſuppoſed to be done by a Divine 

of the Church of England; bnt finee he has not thought 
fit to put his Name to it, [ ſhall not preſume to do it. *'Tis dedi- 
cated to Sir Charles Sidley, Baronet. 

The Fatal Diſcovery ; or, Love in Ruines, a Tragedy, as it is ated 
by his Majeſty's Servants, at the Theatre Royal, 1698. The Au- 
thor of this Play is unknown, *tis uſher'd into the World by a Pre- 
face under Mr. Powel's Name, in Anſwer to a Copy of Verſes writ 
by Mr. Dryden, in which there was ſome Retle&ions on that The- 
atre. The Story is originally a Caſe of Conſcience put by St. Au- 
Jim; and after that mentioned in ſome of qur Engliſh Divines. 
It ſeems to be taken from the hint of the old Story of Oedipus ; 
but *tis more improbable, and fearce poſfible to happen, and there- 
fore of no Uſe, as incapable of affording any Moral. 

The Pindar of Wakefield, a Comedy, 4to. 1633. This Play was 
through miſtake, omitted in tranſcribing the Copy for the Prefs. 

Terence, this Latin Poet is tranſlated by the Tranſlator of the 
former, 1n Conjunction with two other Divines of Cambridge, I'm 
ſenſible the Tranſlators underſtood the Original very well, bit 
their altering the Terminations of the Proper Names, would make 
ſome think that they had taken it pnly from the French of Madanz 
Dacrer. | 

The Unnatural Mother ;, the Scene in the Kingdom of Siam, as 
| jt 1s now atted at the new Theatre in Linco/ns-Inn-Fie/ds, by his 
Majeſty's Servants ; written by a young Lady, 4to. 1698. Tins 
Play is an Argument of the Strange Chance of Plays, when fo in- 
digeſted a heap could be tollerably received ; and I thiuk 'tis a 
great Argument againſt thoſe judges who receive and permit the 
Plays to be ated: For I am unwilling that the Nakedneſs of our 
Country ſhould be diſcoverd ; that is, that an Audience coud 
bear ſuch as this, and ſome other of a Modern Date. The Wri- 
ters now (I mean all that attempt Writing) think if they can make 
a horrid Charater or two in a Play, and ſome bloody and barba- 
rqus Incidents, they can preſently write a Tragedy, never refle&in;g 
| | | N 3 tha 


\ MPHITRYON, Epidicus, and Rudens, made Engliſh 


4%. Bon, Miri 


DD ND EE EE LS 
__”, ——— a 


132 The APPENDIX. 
that a Poet is not to be a Hangman, he is not to rival Fack Ketch 
jn his Ofice, and rob the publick Executioners of their Buſineſs, 
by ending a Criminal privately, who ought to have a Publick and 
moſt infamous Execution. Where the. Laws condemn a Villain 
to the Gibbet, the Poet has nothing to do, ſuch CharaRers are be- 
low the Stage, and ought to appear no where but on the Cart, and 
in the Ordinary's Paper. The Poets Court of Juſtice is more 
ſublime, he examines and puniſhes Crimes that the Political Courts 
overlook. ' He is not to make CharaQters more deprav'd than Ex- 
rience ever ſhew'd us ; for I'm confident Callapeia never had her 
Fellow, on this fide the Line at leaſt, and for the Vices of thoſe 
of the other, I know nothing that we have to do with them, (ha- 
ving Stock enough of our own) and 'tis with abundance of Rea- 
ſon, calld, The Unnatural Mother, for ſure there never was ſuch 
an one in Nature. Bebbemeah's being put on the Couch with a 
Black Slave, and there found aſleep, is borrowed from Mr. Settle's 
Incident of Cleomira, and Oirantes, in the Princeſs of Perſia. 


F'1N1\s 


INDEX 
PLAYS. 


Referring to the 


AUTHORS. 


A Albovine 33 

Bdelazar Pag. 8 ] Albumazar = 7 
Abdicated Prince 156 | Alchimiſt 77 
Abraham's Sacrifice- 7bid. | Alcibiades 107 
Acolaftus 110 f Alexander and Campaſpe 87 
Aeon and Diana 28 | Alexandrian Tragedy 4 
Adelphi I1 | All Fools 18 
Adraſta 81 [All for Love 41 
Adventures of Five Hours 141 } All Miſtaken 75 
Agamemnon r38 | All for Money 83 
Aglaura zbig. | Alphonſus, Emperor Germany 18 
Agrippa K. of Alba 31 } Alphonſus K. of Arragon * 152 
Agtippina Empreſs of Rome 96 Alphonſo. of Naples 113 
Alarum for London ibid, $6 loſt by Luſt 118 
Albion 1564 Als well that ends well 126 
Albion's Triumph ibid. | Amazon Queen 1d7 
Albion and Albianius 41} Ambitious Stateſman 18 
Albion RK. of the Lombards 33 | Ambitious Slave 122 


Albertus Wallenſtine 64 | Amboyna FI 
N 4 " Amends. 


= INDE X. 


Amends for Ladies 55 | Baſtard Ig 
Amorous Bigote 124 |Battle of Alcazar tbig 
Amorous Fantaſm - 88 | Beauties Triumph 48 
Amorous Gallant - 156 | Beggars Buſh $7 
Amoxous Old Woman —_ Bell in Campo 105 
Amorous Prince 8 | Bellamira 134 
Amorous War 90 | Bellamira, her Dream 33 
Amphitrypn 41 | Belphegor . 149 
Amyntas 31,52, I9,115,1 16, Benefice 148 
Anatomiſt - IIs [Bird in a Cage I3L 
Andrea 11,73 | Birth of Merlin 127 
Andromache 28 | Black Prince IT 
Andromana | 153 Blazing World 105 
Andronicus * © 156|Blind Beggar of Alexandria 18 
Andronicus Commenius 149 | Blind Beggar of Pednal Green 35 
Anthony and Cleopatra $26,134 Blind Lady * 75 
Antigone 96 | Bloody Banquet Y 152 
Antonia and Melida 93 | Bloody Brother 57 
Antipodes E3 | Bloody Duke 157 
Antiquary 93 | Blurt, Mr. Conſtable 98,157 
Any thing for a quiet Life 98. Boadicea \ 74 
Apocraphal Ladies :  3O$ Boarding-School, ſee Love for 
Apollo Shroving ARCS 
Appius and Virginia 146 | Bondman 94 
Arcadia 132 | Bonduca 28,157 
Arden of Feverſham I 57 | Bragadocio 157 
Argalus and Parthenia 64 | Brazen-Age 70 
Ariadne 152 | Brenoralt 138 
Ariſtippus I15|Bridals 105 
Arraignmentof Paris 129,157 | Bride 102 
Artur © -- + ' 141 | Britannia Triumphans 33 
Arviragus and Philicia - 15 | Broken Heart 6r 
As you like it 127 | Brothers -- 268 
Aſſignation 41 _ of Alba 113,139 
Aſtrz2 148 | Bury Fair I24=5 7 
Atheiſt _. 108 | Buſly D'Amboys's Revenge 1 3,49 
Atheiſts Tragedy 142 | Bu Buſy D'Amboys's Tragedy 
Aureng-zebe ' 41 | Byron's Conſpiracy ind. 
B Byron's Tragedy tbid, 
All 131 ; C | 
Band, Ruff, and Cul 157 [FF Elum Britannicum Is 
Banditt1 ' 49 Czſar Borgia , 85 
Baniſh'd Duke 157 |Czfar and Pompey 18 
Bartholomew Fair 77 | Czlar's Revenge * 157 
Baſhful Lover - $4,151 | Caius Marius 108 


= Califts 
CU 74 


The INDEX. 
Califto 29 Colas Fury I4 
Calligula 7bid. i; Combat of Caps 158 
Cainbyſes, K. of Perfia 113,122 , Combat of Love and Friendſhip 


Canterbury Gueſts 115; 97 
Captain 57 , Comedy of Errors 127 
Cardinal 131 , Comical Haſh r05$ 
Careleſs Lovers 115 , Committee 75 
Careleſs Shepherdeſs 64 | Committee Min Curried - 130 
Carnival 112 i Commons Conditions 158 
Caſe is alter'd 81 ; Common Wealth of Women 49 
Cataline's Conſpiracy 77 | Contiict of Conſcience 149 
Chabbot Admiral of France 131 Conqueſt of China 122 
Challenge at Tilt .. 77] Con veſt of Granada 43 
Challenge for Beauty 70 } Contpiracy 82,147 
Chances 57 } Conſtantine the Great 85 
Changes 131} Conſtant Maid 132 
Changling 98 | Conſtant Nymph 158 
Charles VIIT. of France 29 | Contented Cuckold 13 
Chaſt Maid in Cheapfide 98 | Contention between York and 
Cheats | 149} Lancaſter 158 | 
|F Cheats of Scapin 108 | Contention for Honour and Ri- 
Chriſt's Paſſion 1211 ches ' "230 
Chriſtmas Maſque 77] Contention for Achi:Armr, ibid. 
* Chriſtian tyrn'd Turk 35 | Convent of Pleaſure 105 
Chriſtmas Ordinary 1 52 | Conolanus 127 
Cicilia and Clorinda 83} Corniſh Comedy 158 
Cid 1191 Coronation 52,132 
Cinthia and Endymion _ 49] Coronation of Q. Eliz, 153,158 
Circe | 35 | Coſtly Whore > "PR 
Citherea 134} Covent-Garden 103 
City Bride 67] Covent-Gargen Weeded * 13 
City Heireſs 9 | Counterfeit Bridegroom 158 
City Lady ' 38 | Counterfeits thid, 
City Madam 94 | Country Captain 104 
City Match 90 | Country Girl 12 
City Night Cap 35 | Country Innocence 85 
City Politicks 29| Country Wake 29 
City Wit 13j{ Country Wife 159 
Citizen turn'd Gent, 116| Country Wit 29 
Claricella ' 7 83 } Couragious Turk 64 
Cleomenes 2 } Court Beggar 13 
Cleopatra 96 | Court Secret 122 
Cloridia 78; Coxcomb I: 
Clouds 137 | Crxſus >. 
\ Coblers Prophecy 149) Gromwel's Life and Death 127 
EET - 4G, | Crom- 


F ok 
=" ky 


ts. 4 CO tle . DBM A. es os 


* Cruel Debtor 159 
Cuckold's Haven 139 
Cunning Lovers I2 
Cupid and Death 132 
Cupid's Revenge 58 
Cupid's Whirligig 159 
Cure for a Cuckold 147 


Cromwel's Couſpiracy pag. 158 
Cruel Brother 33 


Cuſtom of the Country 58 
Cutter of Coleman-ſtreet 27 
Cymbeline's Tragedy 127 


Cynthia's Revels 78 
Cynthia's Revenge 137 
Cyrus King of Perſia 159 
+ Cyrus the Great 6 
| D 
Ame Dobſon x16 
Damoylſelle I3 
Damoyſell's A-la-mode $6 
Damon and Pythias r59 
Darius 4,159 
Darius, King of Perſia 29, 
David and Bethſhabe I1O 
Debauchee I59 
Deorum Dona 8 
Deſerving Favourite I5 
Deſtruction of Jeruſalem 29,159 
Deſtru&tion of Troy 
Devil's an Aſs 8 
Devil's Charter 71 
Devil's Law-caſe 147 
Devil of a Wife 76 
Dick Scorner I59 
Dido Q. of Carthage 92,104 
Diſappointment 135 
Diſobedient Child 77 
Diſtra&ted State 140 
Diſtrefles 33 
Ktrefſed Innocence 122 
inc Comedian I41 
Divine Maſque 159 
DoRor Dodipole _ 
Door Fauſtus 


The INDE Xx. 


| with the Humours of Harle- 


quin and Scaramouch 102 
Don Carlos 108 
Don Quixot 5Q 
Don Sebaſtian 44 
Double Dealer 22 
Double Marriage 58 
Doubtful Heir 132 
Duke and no Duke 139 
Duke Guiſe 


144 
Duke of Lerma, ſee Great Fa- 
vourite. 


Duke of Millain 82,95 
Duke's Miſtreſs 132 
Dumb Xnight 95 
Dumb Lady 385 
Dutch Courtezan 93 
Dutch Lover 9 
Dutcheſs Malfey 147 
Dutcheſs of Suffolk 79 
E 
Aſtward Hoe 19 

Edgar 120 
Edward I, 110 
Edward II. 06 
Edward III. | I59 
w—- With the Fall of Mortimer ib. 
Edward IV. 70 
61] Elder Brother $8 
Ele&ra 154 
Elvira 159 
Emperor of the Eaſt 95 
Emperor of the Moon 9 
Empreſs of Morocco 123,159 
Enchanted Lovers 88 
Endymion 87 
Engliſh Fryar 29 
Englih Lawyer 116 
Englt/h Men for Money 159 
Er-liſh Monſieur 75 
Euzliſh Moor I3 
Enzlifh Princeſs I60 
Engliſh Rogue I41T 
Engliſh Traveller 


Doctor Fauſtus's Life and Death, 


70 
Enough's as good as 2 Feait 1609 
Enter- 


Entertainment of the K. and 
Q. at High-Gate pag- 78 
Entertainment of the K. of Engl. 
and Denm. at Theobalds 78 
Entertainment at K. James I. 
Coronation ibid. 
Entertainment of K.” James 1. 
and Q. Ann at Theobalds ib:d. 
Entertainment , of the Q. and 
Prince at Althrop 33 
Entertainment on the Prince's 


Birth-day 103 
Epſom Wells 124 
Ci: Aſop 143 
Erminia . 56 
Evening's Love 45 
Every Man in his Humour 78 


Every Man out of his Humour 


ibid. 
Every Wom. in her Humour 159 
Eunuchus 11 
Example 132 
Excommunicated Prince 8 
Extravagant Shepherd 152 
F 
Aious Citizen 160 
Fair Em tbid. 
Fair Favourite 34 
Fair Irerſe 139 
Fair Maid of Briſtow 160 


Fair Maid of the Exchange 70 


Fair Maid of the Inn 58 
Fair Maid of the Welt 70 
Fair Quarrel 98 
Fairy Queen 160 
Faithful Shepherd ibid. 
Faithful Shepherdeſs 58 
Falſe Favourite diſgracd 160 
Falſe Count | 9 
Falſe one 58 
Family of Love” 98 
Fancies G1 
Fancies Chaſt and Noble 61 
Fancies Feſtivals 81 
Fatal Contrat 


The INDEX. 


. 


9% 


Fatal Dowry A 
Fatal Jealouſy " = 
Fatal Love 123 
Fatal Marriage 135 
Fatal Miſtae 68 
Fawn 
Feignd Aſtrologer 160 
rk CO 9 
emale Academ 105 
Female Prelate F Jemab,, 23 
Femal Vertuoſo fy UYV®T. 149 
Ferrex and Porrex "J A 107 
Fidele and Fortunatus 160 
Fine Companion 93 
Fleir 130 
Floating Iſland 137 
Flora's Vagaries 160 
Folly of Prieſtcraft 160 
Fond Husband $0 
Fond Lady 160 
Fool turn'd Critick $0 
Fool wou'd bea Favourite 15g 
Fools Preferment $0 
Forc'd Marriage 
Fortunate Iſles 7B 
Fortunatus 36 
Fortunate by Land and Sea 70 
Fortune Hunters 16 


Four London Prentices 70 
Four Plays, or Moral Repreſenta- 


tions $8 
Four P's -69 
Four Plays in one 58 
Fox 8r 
Free W1ll IST 
French Conjurer 152 
Friendſhip in Faſhion 108 
Fryar Bacon 67 
Fulgius and Lucrelle 16 
G 
rFNAlathea 87 
Game at Cheſs 198 
Gameſter 132 
Gam. Gurton's Needle $52 
Generous Enemies 26 


The INDEX. 


Gentle-Craft pag. 161 
Gentleman Dancing Maſter 150 


Gentleman of Venice 132 
Gentlemen of Verona 129 
Gentleman Uſher 18 
Ghoſt IG61 
Glaſs of Government 63 
Gloriana 85 
Goblibs 138 
Goldenge Reſtored — 58 
| e eſtor 7 

Gorbodlich* 107 
Grateful Servant 132 
Great Duke of Florence 95 
Great Favourite 75 
Green's Tu Quoque 26 
Greenwich Park 102 


Grim, the Collier of Croyden 153 


Gripus and Hegio 8 
Guardian 27,95 
Guy of Warwick I51 
Guzman II 
H 

Amlet Paince of Denmark 

127 

Hannibal and Scipio 103 
Heautontimorumenos "11 
HeG@or of Germany 134 
HeQors I14 
Hecyra II 
Heir 97 
Heir of Morocco 123 
Hell's HigherCourt of Juſtice 152 
Henry lH. 5 
Henry IIL. of France 130 
Henry TV. 127 
Henry V. IT.I21 
Henry VI. thid, 


Henry VI. Part 1. with the Death 


' » of the D. of Glouceſter 29 
Henry VI. Part 2. or, The Miſeries 
of Civil War 30 
Henry VIII. 127 
Heraclius Is 
Hercules Furens 9 


Hercuſes Oetus pag. 138 
Hero and Leander 137 
Herod and Antipater 92,120 
Herod and Mariamne 112 
Herod the Great IT 
Heroick Loye 16,55 
Hey for Honeſty I15 
Hic & Ubique 68 
Hiſtriomaſtix I6T 
Hoffman's Tragedy tbid, 
Hog hath loſt his Pearl I4L 
Hollander 64 
Holland's Leaguer 93. 
Honeſt Lawyer Is 
Honeſt Man's Fortune 5 
Honeſt Whore 36 
Honoria and Mammon 132 
Honour of Wales 

Horace 26,111 
Horatius 88 


How to chuſe a good Wife from 
a Bad IGT 
Humorous Courtier 133 


Humorous Days Mirth 13 
Humorous Lieutenant 58 
Humorous Lovers 04 
Humoriſts 124 
Humour out of Breath 35 


Huntingdon's Nivertiſement 1 51 


 Husband hjs own Cuckold 47 
Hyde Park 132 
Hymenz1 78 
Hymen's Triumph 32 
Hyppolitus 114,138 

AckDrum's Entertainment 16 r 
ack Jugler 1bid. 
Jack Straw's Life and Death 76:4. 

Jacob and Eſau 162 
James the Fourth ibid. 
Ibrahim 111,123 


Ibrahim XIII, Emperor of the 

Turks. Rf 
Jealous Lovers I1I5 
Jeron ymo 162 


Jew + 


'The I N. 


ew of Malta pag- A | 
w's Tragedy 69 
this been't a good Play, = 


Devils in't 3 
If you know not me, you know 
no.,Body | 71 
Ignoramus * 152 
Impatient Poverty 162 
Imperial Tragedy 
Imperiale 83,165 
Impoſture 133 
Inchanted Lovers 88 
Indian Emperor + ha 
Indian Queen 
Ingratitude of a conbaniti 
139 
Injured Lovers 102 
gopured Princeſs $0 
nner-Femple Mafque 99 
Innocent Miſtriſs IT 
Innocent Uſurper 6 
Infatiate Countefs 93 
Interlude of Youth 162 
Intreagues of Verſailles 50 
ocaſta 63 
ohn the Evangel. 162 
ohn K. of England 125 
ohn and Matilda 35 
oſeph 65 
ſept? s Affli tions 
ovial Crew 13,162 
riſh Maſque 79 
Iron Age 70 
Iſland Princeſs 58 
Ifle of Gulls 35 
Italian Husband I16 
Juliana Princeſs of Poland 3o 
Tulius Czfar 4,128 
uſt General 91 
uſt Italian 34 
Ing Arthur 45 
K Kind Keeper 6 


King and no King 


| 
D E X. 


King Lear and his 3 Daughters, 
ſee Lear K. of had, « 

King and Queen's Entertainment 
at Richmond ' 162 

King's Entertainmenat Welbeck 


79 
Knack to know an Honeſt Man 

162 
Knack to know a Knave ibid. 
Knave in Grain 163 
Knavery 1n all Trades tbid, 
Knight of the Burning Peſtle 59 


Knight of the Gold den-Shield, 
ſee St. Clyomon 


Knight of Malta 59 
L 

Br Alimony x63 

Lady Contemplation xros 
Lady Errant 16 
Lady of Pleaſure 133 
Ladies Priviledge 64 
Ladies Tryal 61 
Lancaſh. Witches 71,124 
Landgartha r4 
Late Revolution 163 
Law againſt Loyers 34 
Law Tricks 36 
Laws of Candy 59 
Laws of Nature I63 
Lear's Traged 128,149, 
Levyellers levelled 163 


Liberality and Prodigality ibid. 
Libertine 124 


Kiog Edgar and Alfreda 1 117,162 2 
4 


Like will to like, quoth the 
Devil to the Collier 63 
Lingua 163 
Little French Lawyer 59 
Locrine 128 
London Chanticleers 163 
London Cuckolds 17 
London Prodygal r28 
Longer thou liv'ſt, the more 
Fool thoy art 146 
Aber y about you 16 #: 

” a L A /; 44 
Treas 


Ee re 2 on a Hs HT 


Th INDEX. 


Logking-glaſs for London and | Loving Enemies pag: 859 
England pag. 67,88 | Loyal Brother 135,142 
Loſt Lady +63 | Loyal General 140 
Loſt Lover 91 | Loyal Lovers 91 
Love A-la-mode 163 | Loyal Subject 59 
Love and Honour 24 | Lucius Junius Brutus 85 
Love for Love 22 | Lucky Chance | 9 
Love for Money 51 | Luminalia .163 
Love and Revenge 123| Luſts Dominion 92 
Love and War 97 | Luſty Juventus 146 
Love Crowns the End 140 | Lyer, ſee Miſtaken Beauty 
Love freed from Ignorance 79 M 
Love only for Love's Sake 55 a gAckbeth 128 
Lovein a Tub '$3 Nad Conple well matcht 
Love in a Wood I 50 | I3 
Love in its Extaſy 110 | Mad World my Maſte 99 
Love in the Dark 54 | Mad Lover $9 
Love Reſtored 79 | Madam Fickle SI 
Love-fick Court 13 | Magnetick Lady 79 
Love-fick King x2 | Maid of Honour 95 
Love Tricks 133 | Maid in the Mill 59 
Love Triumphant 45 | Maiden Queen, ſee Secret Love. 
Love's Adventures 105 | Maiden-head well loſt 7I 
Love's Cruelty ibid. | Maid's Metamorphoſis 87 
Love's Cure $9 | Maids of Moorclack 4 
Love's Dominion 56 | Maid's Revenge 133 
Love's a Jeſt 101 | Maid's Tragedy $9,146 
Love's Kingdom Tbid. | Male-content 93 
Love's Labour loſt 128 | Mall * 152 
Love's Labyrinth 62 | Mamamouchi, ſee Cit.turn'dGent. 
Love's Laſt Shift 20 | Manhood and Wiſdom 164 
Love's Loadftone 163 | Man of Mode 53 
Loves of Mars and Venus bid. | Man of New-market 74 
Love's Triumph thro! Calipolis | Man's the Maſter 34 
79 | Marriage A-la-mode 46 
Lovers Melancholy 61 | Marriage Broker 154 
Lovers Progreſs 59 | Marriage Hater match'd SI 
Lovers Metamorphoſis 87 | Marriage Night - 55 
Lovers Miſtreſs 714 Marriage of Oceanus and Britan- 
Lovers Pilgrimage $9 |. nia $57 
Lovers Riddle 28] Marriage of the Arts 72 
Lovers Sacrifice - 61 | Marriage of Wit and Science 164 
Lovers Triumph 26 | Married Beau 30 
Lovers Vidtory 459} Mariam 14 
"Lovers Welcome 751 Marcelia II 
, '-þ Marcus 


T 


O_ WY _=_ © ip OO in a OO OE 1 I IS PI 


Thee INDE X. 


Marcus Tullius Cicero 1644 
Marius and Scilla, ſee Wounds of 
Civil War. Fe 
Martyr | 
Martyred Soldier I31 
Mary Magdalen's Repentance 145 
Mary, Q. of Scotland ; ſee Iſland 
ens. 
Maſque at Berthie 21 


Maſque at the Lord Haddington's 
' Houſe | 79 
Maſque at Lord Hayes Houſe 79 


Maſque at Ludlow Caſtle 100 
Maſque of Augurs 79 
Maſque of Flowers 164 
- Maſque of Grays-Inn 59 
Maſque of Owls 79 
Maſque of Queens ibid, 


Maſque of the Middle Temple 


and Lincolns-Inn Gent. 19 
Maſquerade du Ciel 153 
Maſlacree at Paris 86,92 
Maſlacree of Paris 
MaſTianello 164 
Maſter Anthony II 
Maſter Turbulent 164 
Match at Midnight 118 
Match me in London 36 


Match in Newgate, ſee Revenge. 


Matrimonial Trouble Io5 
May Day * I9 
Mayor of Quinborough 99 
Meaſure for Meaſure 128 
Medea 130,138 
Menechmus 155 
Merchant of Venice I28 
Mercurius Britannicus 164 


Mercury vindicated 
Merry Devil of Edmonton 
Merry Milk-maids 

Merry Wives of Windſor 


Meſlalina 118 
Metamorphoſed Gypſies 79 
Michaelmas Term 95 
Microcoimus 103 


Midas / pag. 87 
Midſummer Night's Dream 128 
Mirza 8 
Miſer 125 
Miſeries of Civil War, ſee Henry 
VI. Part 2. | 
Miſeries of inforc'd Marriage 147 
Miſtaken Beauty 164 
Miſtakes; or, Falſe Reports 67 


Miſtaken Husband 45 
Mithridates 66 
Mock Duellift * I5E 
Mock Marriage I2r 
Mock Tempe 43 
Mock Thyeſtes 149 
Monſieur D'Olive I9 
Monſieur Thomas $9 
Money 1s an Aſs 81 


More Diflemblers beſides Wo- 


men 99 
Morning Ramble 164 
er Fall 79 
Mother Bomby 87 
Mother Shipton's Life and 

Death I41T 
Mourning Eride 22 
Mucedorus 164 
Much ado about nothing r28 
Mulberry Garden 134 
Muleafles the Turk 94 
Muſe of New-market 164 
Muſes Looking-glafs I15 
Muſtapha I1 

» ; N 
g—_ 3 Daughters 105 
Negletted Vertue 16g 
Neptune's Triumph 

Nero's Life and Death 86,16 5 
New Cuſtom 165 
New Exchange 13 
.New Inn 3r 


New Trick to cheat the Deyil 


New-market Fair 155 


New Way to pay old Debts 95 
News 


The INDE X. 


Pan's Anniverſary pag. 8 


News from Plymouth pag. 34 
News from the World in the (Putbiemeat of Bees 2 
Moon 80 | Parſon's Wedding 83 
Nice Valour $9 | Paſſionate Lover ts 
Nice Wanton 165 | Paſtor Fido 56 
Nicomede 31 | Pathomachia 166 
Night Walker $91 Patient Grifle tbid. 
Noah's Flood 53 | Patrick for Ireland 133 
Noble Gentleman ibid. | Pauſanias ibid. 
Noble Ingratitude 88 | Pedlar's Prophecy 166 
Noble Spaniſh Souldicr 119] Peleus and Thetis 76 
Notle Stranger 129] Pericles Prince of Tyre 128 
No Body and Some Body 165 | Perjured Nun 12 
Novel 01 | Perkin Warbeck 6T 
No Wit, no Help like a Wo- I Philaſter 60 
man's 99 | Phillis of Scyros 152 
Northern Laſs 13 | Philotas 32 
Northward-hoz 36 | Philotus'Scotch | 166 
Novella 13; Phoenix 99 
O Phoenix in her Flames 88 
A\Beron the Fairy Prince 8o | Phormio II 
Nſtinate Lady 21 | Picture 95 
Oftavia 107 | Pilgrim 60,83 
Oedipus 45,104 ' Pinder of Wakefield. | 
Old Batchelour 25 | Piſh's Conſpiracy 166 
O!d Caſtle's Hiftory 128 | Pity ſhe's a Whore 61 
Old Couple 97 j Platonick Lovers _ 34 
Old Law $5,991 Play-houſe to be Lett hid, 
Oſd Man's Leſſon 12 | Play between John the Husband, 
Old Troop 25|* and Tib his Wife 69 
Old Wives Talc 16s | Play betwixt the Pardoner and 
Opportunity r33} the Fryar, the. Curate and 
Ordinary 17] Neighbour Prat — thid. | 
Oreſtes 541 Play of Gentlenefs and Nobilit 
Orgula I 54 ibid. 
Orlando Furioſo 155 | Play of Love. ibid, 
Ormaſdes 83 | Ply of the Weather ibid, 
Oroonoko 135 j Plain Dealer 150 
Orphan 108 | Plcalure at Kenelworth Caſtle 
Oſmund the great Turk Is 63 | 
Othello 128 | Pleaſure reconciled to Virtue 80 
Oyia 21 | Plot and no Plot "LO 
P  Plutus TI5Ek FP 
Allantus and Eudora 82 | Poctaſter 89 
Pandora 92 Politician LY + - | 
| Politiciay” 


D-E X. 


Sls 


The I N 
Politician Cheated 66 | Revenge p27, 167 
Pompey 111 | Regulus - 
Pompey his Fair Cornelias. 84 | Revenge for Honour 
' Poor Man's Comfort 35 | Revengers Tragedy, ſee Loy 
Poor Scholar 104] Brother 
matical Jeſuite 16 | Reward of Vertue 62 
= cr Laſh 166 | Rhodon and Iris %4 
Preſence 105 | Richard the Second 128,140 
Prince of Prigg's Revels 153 | Richard the Third 128 
Princeſs 83 | Richmond Heireſs "68 
Princeſs of Cleve 86 | Rival Friends 68 
Priſoners an Rival Kings 7 
ProjeQors 9 | Rival Ladies 46 
Promiſes of God manifeſted. 166 5| Rival Queens 86 
Promus and Caflandra ibid. j Rival Siſters 6s 
Propheteſs 60 | Rivals 167 
Provok'd Wite 144 | Roaring Girl 99 
Pſyche 125 | Robert ,. Earl of Huntingdon's 
Pſyche Debauched 4 Downfal and Death 71 
Publick Wooing / 106 | Robin Conſcience ibid. 
Puritan Widow 128] Robin Hood's Paſtoral May-games 
167 
Ueen 166 | Robin Hood and his Crew of Sol. 
Queen and Concubine 13 diers thid. 
Queen of Arragon 67 | Roman Actor 96 
een of Corinth 60 | Roman Empreſs 82 
n's Arcadia 32 | Roman Generals 39 
Queen's Exchange 13 | Romeo and Julict 129 
Queen's Maſque of Beauty 80 | Rome's Follies ISI 
n's Maſque of Blackneſs jb. | Romulus and Herſilia 167 
Nuerer per Sol querer, ſee To | Roundheads 
Love only for Love's Sake Rover 
R, Royal Cuckold 
Aging Turk 65 | Royaliſt 
R Ram Alley 8 [Royal King and Loyal Subject = | 
Rambling Juſtice - (Royal Maſque at Hampton-Court 
Rampant Alderman 168 
Rape id. | ' Royal Maſter 133 
Rape of Lucrece 71 | Royal Miſchicf FL 
Rebellion 117 | Royal Shepherdeſs 125 
Reformation 167 | Royal Slave 7 
Rehearſal ibid. | Royal Voyaze 168 
>XReligious 166 | Rule a Wife, and have a Wife 
Religious Rebel 167 , 60 
R_ do 95 | Rump Th 40 
fron: Parnaſſus h 7 
_ 45 O S Sacrifice 


. 


Sampſon Agoniſtes 

Sapho and Phaon 
Satyromaſtix 
Scaramouch, (Fc. 

School of "Complements 
Love Tricks 

Scornful Lady 

Scots Figaries + 
Scottiſh Politick Presbyter 
Scowrers | 

Sea Voyage 


dom 
See mee, and fee me not 
Sejanus's Fall 
Selimus Emperor of the 


Selmdra 
Sertortus 
/ Several Wits 
Sforza, Duke of Millain 
Sham Lawyer 
She Gallants 


»-.... Shepheards Holyday 
tS TS Shepheards Paradice 

© Shoomaker's a Gentleman 
Shoomakers Hohday 
Sicehides 

Sicily and Naples 

Srege . 

Siege of Babylon 

Siege of Conſtantinople 
Siege of Meinphis 

Siege of Rhodes 

Siege of Urbin 

Stent Woman 

Silver Age 

Sr Anthony Love 


Sir Barnahy Whig 


100 | Str Patient Fancy 
87 ; Sir Solomon 

136 | Siſters 

117 | Six Days Adventure 
, ſee | Slighted Maid 
Sociable Companions 
60 | Sodom 
140 | Soliman and Perſeda 
168 | Sophiſter 
124 | Sophompaneos 

60 | Sophonisba 


Seven Champions of Chriſten- | Sophy 


84 | Soldiers Fortune 
10 | Spaniſh Bawd 
80 | Spaniſh Curate 

Turks | Spaniſh Fryar 
65 | Spaniſh Gypſies 
83 | Spaniſh Regue 

5 | Spaniſh Wives 

106 | Sparagus Garden 


40 | riers 
66 | Spightful Siſter 


She Ventures and he Wins 76:4. | Sport upon Sport 


"119 | Springs Glory 
101 |Squire of Alſatia 
118 | Squire old Sap. 
tbid. | Staple of News 
168 | State of Innocence 
* 152 | Step-mother 
17,33 | Strange OY 
112 | Subjects 
168 | Succeſsfu Steangith 
52 | Sullen Lovers 


83| ment 

80 | Sun's Darling 
Suppolſes 
Surprifal 

52 Suſanna S "Y 


or 


> 
O 


9 
& Kr 7 # AVC 


169 


\ The INDEX 
| S. | Sir Clyomon , Kmght of the 
Acrifice Pig. 54| Golden Shield 
Sad One * 138) | Sir Courtly Nice 
Sad Shepheard 80 ; Sir Giles Gooſe-Cap 
Saint Cicely 1511 »Sir Hercules Buffoon 
Salmacida Spoha 168 | Sir Martin Mar-all 


3 
65 | Speecnes at Prince Henry's Bar- 


80 
5 
169 
103 
124 
133 
80 
45 
tid. 
169 
tbid. 
pac 


124 
34 | Summers's Laſt Will and Teſta- 


HH 


Fhe © INDEX. 


Swagzering Damoiſelle *p. 17 

Swetnam the Woinan- EF Ar- 

raign'd 4 159: 
T, 

TF alc of a Tub 75 

Tamberlain the Great 92, 


I2I 


Taming of the Shrew 129 
Tancred and Giſmond 148 


Tartuf 97 
Tarugo's Wiles 120 
Tempe reſtor'd 170 
EF Tempeſt 47,129 
Temple 19 
Temple of Love 34 
Terrence's Comedies. _ 73 
The longer thou liv'ſt, the more 
Fool thou art 146 
Thebais 106 
Theodoſius 86 
Therſytes 21,170 
Thomaſo 83 
Thornby Abby ISS 
Thracian Wonder 147 


Three Ladies of London 155 
Thyerry and Theodoret 60 
Thyeſtes 29,69,149 
Tiberius (Claudius, Nerg) 170 
Time vindicated to himſelf and 
_ to his Honours \8 
Timolion 170 
Timon of Athens 125,129 
'Tis pity ſhe's a Whore 61 


Titus Andronicus I17,129 
Titus and Berenice 108 
Tom Eſlence | 1%0 
Tom Tyler and his Wife ibjd 
Tottenham Court t03 
Town Fop Io 
Town Shifts | "In 
Trapolin ſippoſed a Prince 21 
Travels of Three Enghſh Bro- 

thers 36 


Traytor . 132 
Thx on to himſelf wh I - 
Treacherous Brother LI 13 
Trick for Trick _ 

| Frick to catch the Old One | -- 
Triumph of Beauty 133 
Triumph of Love and Antiqua 
Triumph of Peace | N44 
Triumph of the Prince D'Amour 
Triumphs of Vertue os 
Triumphant Widow 10g 
Troades I 30,152 
Troas | 69,153 
Troylus and Creffida 47,129 
True Trojans 170 


True Widow 
Tryal of Chiyalry 


I25 
170 


_ of Treaſure ihig 
IL 

ys wer Wells I7E 
Twelfth Night I29 
Twins 118 
Two angry Women of Abington 
II2 

Two Noble Kinſmen 60 


Two Tragedies in One I 59 

Two Wiſe Men, and all the _-_ 
Fools 

Tide Tarrieth for no Man Yo 


Tyrangical Government - 37x 
Tyranick Love / 
vp. 
FAlentinian _ 1; 00 
yY Valiant Scot. 154 
Valiant Welchman I9T 
Varieties 105 
Venice preſerv'd tos 
Very Good Wife 113 
Very Woman ek SES 
| Veſtat Virgin 75 
| Vilain I12 
O 2 Vir- 


PL - 


_- 
. : =. 


Virgin Martyr ap. g6 
Vir of Avidony £70 IT4 
Virtuoſo r78 
Vettuous Oftavia I2 
Vertuous Wife 52. 
Vertue betra 
Viſion of Delight I 
Viſion of 'the Twelve Goddeffes 
32 
Unfortunate Lovers 103 
Unfortunate Mother 382 
Unfortunate Shepheard 142 
Utfortunate U! I7I 
Ungrateful avi tbid. 
Wha þy Fair _ T39 
UdtriPpy Favourite 7 
Utdhappy Kindnefs 122 
Urinatura! Brother 5” 
Urnatural Combat 


Uinatura! Tra dy i% 
Untruffing the orous Poet, 
'? ſee Satyromaſtix. ** 


Volunteers 125 

Vow-breaker 120 

Afurper '74 
Valpone, ſee Fox 
W 

Wis of Iſlington and Hogr 

den | 

\ Yandrfh; 7 Lover % 

rning for fait Women I71 

Wary Wilkes 25 gg 


Weakeſt zoes to the Wall 171 


Wealth and Health wbid. 
Weddinz | I 34 
Weſtward-hoe 37 
What you will 94 
When you ſee me you know me 
I7 
"White Devil * 
Whore of Babylon 37 
Wiat's Hiſtory * _ thid. 


't% INDEX. 


yi IV 8c 

| w Ranter Fo 
Willow $ Tears T9 
Wife for a Month 60 

| Wild Gallant 47 
7] Wild Gooſe-chaſe 60 
Wily beguil'd I7E 
Win her and take her I7E 


171 
Winters Tale 129 
Wiſe Wonien of Hogſden ' 72 
Witch of Edmonton 37,118 
Wit at ſeveral Weapons "8 
Wit of a Wo | a 
Wit iti a Conſtable 64 
Wit without Money 60 


Wits 34 


Wits Caba] 105 
Wits led by the Noſe 172 
Witty Combat © I 52 
Witty Fair one 134 
Wives Excuſe 135 
Woman Captain 126 
Woman Hater "61 


Woman Hater Arrajgn d, ſe 
 Swetnam | 

Womdii ih the Moon 87 

Woman kita with Kindneſs 


72 

'd Bully 172 

\ cam Ibex exthiereoch 55 

oman's Conqueſt HI; 74 
Woman's Prize GT 

Woman will have hes Will 


Woma 


172 
"Woman's Wit 20 
Women bewafe Women 100 
omg, _ 61 
Wonder of a "gdom thid. 


Wonder, a Woman ney ver Y br FRA 
bo 
124 


Worlds 


World to 
Worly 0 t 


at. Tennis 


We Moon 


Wine, Beer, Ale,” and Tobacco 


+ 


The INDEX 


F ISI 
17 


World's Idol 
wrangling Lovers 


7. 


ORKSHIRE Tragedy, 
Y I29 


Young Admiral 
Young” King 
Y Brother 


Your Five Gallants 
Youth's Glory and Death's 
quet | 


134 
To 


bid. 
100 
Ban- 
106 


BOOKS Printed for, and Sol 


by tho. Leigh, at the Pea- 
cock i Fleet-ſtreet. 


, FOL.10. 


THE Life of our Bleſſed Lord and Saviour 

. Jelvs Chriſt ; An Heroick Poem, Dedicated to 
hec moſt Sacred Majeſty ; in Ten Books: Attempt- 
ed by Samuel Weſley, M. A. Chaplain to the moſt 
Honourable, Fob», Lord Marques of Normanby, and 
Rector of Epworth, in the County of Lincoln, Each 
Book illuſtrated by neceſſary Notes, explaining the 
more difficult Matters in the whole Hiſtory : Allo a 
Prefatory Diſcourſe concerning Heroick Poetry. 
The Second Eqition, reviſed by the Author, and im- 
proy'd withthe Addition of a large Map ofthe Holy 
Land, and a Table of the principal Matters : Wich 
Sixty Copper Plates, by the Celebrated Hands of 
William Faithorne. | 

Relolves, Divine, Moral, and Political ; with ſe- 
veral New Aclditions, both in Proſe and Verſe, not 
extant in the former Imprefiions, In this Eleventh 
Edition References are made to the Poetical Citati- 
> herecofore much wanted. By Owen Feltham, 

a; 5, | 


QUARTO. 


— LD _———— — 


—— "IT OY g—— COoG CO—_— + - 


— Te mmm 
—— cm mn A 
— 


A Catalogue of Booky: | 
'QUARTO. ky 


Mechanick Powers ; or, The Myftery of Nature 
and Art unvail'd : Sewing what'great things' may 
be perform'd by Mechanick' Engmes, in removing 
and raiſing Bodies ' of vaſt Weights, with little 
Strength or Force ; and-/alfo the making of Machines 
or Engines for raiſing of Water, dreining of Grotinds, 
and ſeveral other uſes's Together with a Treactife'of 
Circular Motion, artificially fitted to Mechanick 
Uſe, and the making of Clock' Work, and other En- 
fines. A Work Pleaſant and Profitable for all ſorts 
of Men, from the higheſt to the loweſt Degree; and 
never treated of in Engliſh before,and that bur briefly. 
The whole bompied in Ten Books, and illuftrated 
with Copper Cuts, by Ven. Mandey, and F." Moxon, 
Philomar. | 


OCTAY 0, 


The Chriſtian Pattern Paraphras'd : Or the Book 
of the Imitation of Chriſt, commonly aſcribed, to 
Thomas a Keimpis ; made Engliſh by Luke Milbourn, a 
Presbyter of the Church of - England. % 

Four Tracts. I. A Diſcourſe againſt Revenge. - 
I. Queſtions and Anſwers concerning the two. Reli- 
gions, viz. Church of England and Church of Rome. 
II. An Account of an Evening- Conference ,with a 
Jefuit in the Savoy. IV. A Diſſuaſive from Popery, 
being a Letter to a Lady. By A. Horneck, Id. D. 
late Prebendary of Weſtminſter, and Preacher at the 
Savozy, With a Preface by Mr. Edwards. 

The Family Di&ionary : Or, . Houſhold Compa- 
nion : Containing in an Alphabetical Method, T. 
Dire&ions for Cookery, &c. II. Making all forts 


O 4 *..; 


A_ Catalogue of Books: 

of Paſtry-Ware, &c. III. Making of Conſerves, 
Candies, &c. IV. Making alt kind of Potable Li- 
quors, &c. V. Making all forts of Pertumes, &c. 
VI. The Vertues and Ules of the moſt uſual Herbs 
and Plants, &c. VIL The Preparation of ſeveral 
choice Medicines, . Phyſical and Chirurgical, &c. 
The: Second Edition, /corrected and! much enlarged; 
by William Salmox, Profeſſor of Phyſick. 


Solid Philoſophy aſſerted againſt the Fancies of the 


Ideifts.; or; The: Method torScience farther Nluſtra- 
ted; with -Refleftions on Mr.Lock's Eſſay,concerning 
Humane Underſtanding. 
Curſus Oſteologicus : Being a Compleat Dodrine of 
the Bone ;. according to the neweſt and: moſt refin'd 
Notions of. Anatomy : . Shewing, their Nature, Sub- 
ſtance, Compoſition, manner of Offiication, Nou- 
riſhment, &c, To,which is. annexed,, by way: of Ap. 


pendix, an excellent Method of Whitening, Clean+ 
ſing, Preparing, and Uniting.the Bones, to form a' 


Movable Sceleton, wherein the-Bones may have the 
ſame. Motions as in a living SubjzzA. The whole be- 
ing a Work very uſeful and neceſſary for all Students 
in Phyſck and Surgery. By Robert Baker, Chirur- 
con. 
, Abra-mule : Or, A Trae Hiſtory of the.Dethrone. 
ment of- Makhomet IV. - Written. in French by M. le 
Noble. Made Engliſh by F. P. 
Divine Emblems by Frazcz Quarles, together with: 
his* Fierogly phicks of the Life of Man, 
Contemplations, Mpral and Divine, in Two Parts, 
wy Sir Matthew Hale, late Lord Chiet-Juſtice of the. 
ings Bench. | | 


DU os 


DUODECIMO. L.- 


The Pfalms of David in Enyliflt Metre ; gals | 
ted from the Original, and faired.to all the: Tunes 
now ſung in Churches ; with the Additions of {eve- 
rat new. By Luke Xlboarne,a Presbyter of the Church 
OS hah ” Service' &6 
ium Enchatiſficum ; a aratory Service © a 
Pom and worchy pA ny of the Lord# Stippe 


r. 
The'Sixteenti Edicion. 'Fo whick is addtd' a' Medi: 
tation for every Dayin' the Week. 


| Lately P, abliſbed. | Ks : 


The Chutth: of: Eygland: Mans Private Devotions: 
Being'a Colleftion of Prayers out: of the Corimorns' 
Prayer Book, for Morning, Noon, and Night; and* 
other ſpecial: Ovcaſions: Bythe: Author of the'Weeks 
+ Preparation wo the: Sacramenc; r2me. Price ftivch'd 
24, Bound' 64. | 

The Holy. Days; or, The Holy: Feaſts and Faſts; 
as: they' are obſerved "in the Church of Enplan/ 
(throughiout'the Year) explained'; - and the Reaſons 
why: they are: yearly celebrated. : With'Cutrs'befote” 
each Day; 120. Price Bound: 1; 6 d. 

An Eſſay upon Sublime-StyletTranflated fom'the 
Greek of Diomyſins Longinus. Caſſins, the Riietoritiary: 
Compared wich the French of the Sieur Deſpreatts* 
Bolloau;- $50. Price' Bound 15, 6d: | 
TheSpiricual Combat; ofr,. The'Chriftian'Pilptimi 
in-his Spitieual'Corfli&'and Conqueſt: By Fobn de 
Coftanina. Tranffaed fromthe: Preneh; with: fone 
Additions-- Reviſed and Recomniende#by apes" 

ren 


wu ES « cnn "IO Ro tte 4 6 eee wc oa. ONT EY Be Wii Heat. in Pon Win <A ne. ltd eros oo. 
$. , = k, a ; C , X 


A Catalogue of Books. 
rend Richard Lucas, D. D: Reaor of St. Katharine 
Coleman-ſtreet. 80. Price Bound, 15. 64. | 
The Art of knowing ones ſelf : Or, an Enquiry 
into the Sources of Morality. Written Originally in 
French, . by the Reverend Dr. Abadie, in Two Parts. 


TheiSecond Edition, 8vo. Price Bound 1:5. 


 Gulielmi Oughtredi e/Etonenſis, Clavis Matbematica 
denuo Limata, five potines Fabricata, Cum aliz quibuſ- 
dam ejuſdem Commentationibm, que in Sequenti Pagina 
Beds Editio Quinta autor & emendatior. Ex 
recopnitione D. Johannis Wallis, S. T. D. Geometrie Pro- 
feſſorzss Saviliani. 8v0.. Price Bound 35, 

Advice to young Gentlemen, in their ſeveral Con- 
ditions of Life: by way of Addreſs from a Father to 
his Children. By the Abbot Gouſſau!t, Counſellor in 
Parliament ; with his Sentiments and Maxims upon 
what paſles in Civil Society. Printed at. Pars, 1697. 
and. tranſlated into Engliſh. 80. :Price Bound - 
15., 6d. | 

A Voyage to the Eaft-Indies : Giving an Account 
of the Iſles of Madagaſcar, and Maſcareigne, of Suratte, 
the Coaſt of Malabar, of Goa, Gameron, Ormas, and 
the Coaſt of. Brafil, with the. Religion, Cuſtoms, 
Trade, &c. of the Inhabitants, .as alſo a Treatiſe of 
the Diitempers peculiar to the. Eaftern Countries, To 
which is annexed an Abſtrat of MonGeur de Renne- 

fort's Hiſtory of the Eaſt-Indies, witch his Propoſitions 
for theImprovement of che Eaf- India Company. Writ- 
ten Originally in French, by Mr. Dellon, M. D.- 
$v0. ew 3:9:6quo 
The Hiſtory of Poland, in ſeveral Letters to Per- 
fons of Quality ; giving an Account of the preſent 
State. of that Kingdom, Geographical, Hiſtorical, 
Policical,Phy ical and Ecclefiaſtical ; in Two Vglumes. 
By. Bernard Connor, M. D. Fellow of the Royal So- 

ciety 


| $ 

A Catalogue of : Books. 

ciety and Member of , the Colledge of Phyſicians 

who in his Travels in that , collected —_ 

Memoirs from the beſt Authors and/ his own Oblſer- 

vations Compodd and —_— by' Mr. Savage. . 
Price Io s. 

The Mifſtery of Fanaticilaj's or,” \The Artifices of 
Diſſenters to ſupport their Schiſ Mm, rogerher with the 
Evil and Danger of them, wherein cis made appear, 
that nothing but the Cunning and: Subtiley of their 
Teachers doth now hinder the People from Confor- 
mity, 800. 

Modus Transferends Status per Recorda ; a Compleat 
Colle&ion of. choice Precedents for Fines upon 
' Writs of Covenant, and Common Recoveries apon 
Writs of Entry in the Poſt upon all Caſes; whereby 
Lands may be ſetled; 1. in the Crown, to preſerve 
the ſame in the utmolt Poſterity ; or, 2. the ſame 
* be transfer'd from -oneto another; in Fee Simple, 
\ Fez Tale, for Life or Years : or, 3. Annuities may 
be granted thereby in Fee Tale, &. or, 4. any other 
Eſtates may he raiſed thereby, which can be done 
by Deed of Conveyance, to which Preſidents are 
prefixt Two Diſcourſes of the Nature and Operati- 
-ons of, and the Uſe and Pradtice relating co Fines 

and Recoveries. By I. Brown, Clerk of the Com- 
mon-Pleas. 8v0. 

The Hiſtory and Reaſon of the Dependency of 
Ireland, upon the Imperial Crown of the Kingdom 
of England, reaifying Mr. Molyneux's State of the 
Caſe of 7reland's being bound by Acts of Parliament 
in Eng land. 

A Relation of a very ſudden and extraordinary Cute 
of a Perſon bitten by a Viper, by the Means of A- 
cids; together with ſome Remarks upon Dr. Tathil's 
Vindication of his Objeions againſt the —_— 

cids, 


OY | | 
 # Calalogne of Bodks. 
Acids; whtreim are containkd feveral things ir order 
es the farther clearing of the faid Dodrine ; by Fobs 
Coldhiizh, Menitier of the Colledye of Phyliciarns 
An Hiſtorical Account of the Manners and Behi- 
viour of the Chriſtians, and the Practices of Chrifti- 
a _ t. the ſeveral Ayes'of the Charch ; 
Sure th in Frerich; by Mr. Cl. Flewry, Pre- 
hon to Momſ 4 Virmiunideii, and'to the' Dukes 


of: Burgundy and: Avjos, 840. 


B OORS Printed for, and Sold 
by William Turner, - at the 


White Horſe without 1Tem- 
ple-Bar. 


EC. 


T* E Engliſh Hiſtorical hs or, A 
ſhort View and CharaQter of moſt of the 
Writers now extant, either in Print or Mann- 
ſcript ; which may be ſerviceable to the Under- - 
takers of a general Hiſtory of this Kingdom. 
By William Nicolſon, A. M. Archdeacon of = 
li/le. 

The Engliſh Hiſtorical Library, Part MN. . Gi- 
ving a Caralogue of moſt of our Eccleſiaſtical 
Hiſtorians, and ſome Critical Refleftions upon the 
Chict of them; with a Preface corre&ting the 
Errors, and ſupplying the Defeats of the former 
Part. By the Author of the Firſt Part. 

A Voyage of the Sieur Le Mazre, to the Ca- _ 
wary-I/lands, Kape Verd, Senegal and Gamby; un- 
der Monſieur Daxcourt, Director General of the 
Royal African Company. Tranſlated from the 
French by Mr. Dzlke. | 


— Some 


bras OB. at 
4 


Mrs. Pix. 


<4 
_— 5: ug 


. Some farther Conſiderations concerning Alca- 
ly and Acid ; by way of Appendix to a late Eſ- 
fay ; wherein the Terms are made clear, and 
che Natures of 'them both more fully explained. 
Together with art Anſwer to the Olyjetions that 


. have been raiſed againſt ſome things contained 


in the ſaid Eflay. By John Colbatch, Phyſi- 
can.” 


. Queen Catharzne ; or, The Ruines of Love ; 
a Tragedy, as it is Aﬀted at the New Theatre, 
in Little Lincalns - Imm- Fields, Written "by 


LANGBAINE AND G1LDoON., The Lives and Characters of 
the English Dramatic Poets; also an exact Account of 
all their Plays. First begun by Mr. Langbaine, 1im- 
proved and continued down to this Time by a careful 
hand (Charles Gildon). 8vo, original calf. Lond. 1699 


Excellent copy, A most important work in connection with the 
early drama, This edition, with new matter, is even more valuable 
than the first, which in the Foote sale realized $30. 


o 
” kg 
. 
{ > 
y % 
597 GILDON (Charles) Tx KARE FLEST EDLITT 
_ Pozrs, also an exact Account the exceedingly chowe eng 
i Exelisx Toxovs, their dout 4to, calf. extra, gilt leave; 
L and the persons to whom dec CIT ORIEL. CRY 
'F; 8a1d Plays, first begun by Mr "On Cn 
language ; there ha £ 
[1 a careful hand. 1699. 'Frxs onguage 3 there having) 


WE: | 8}/z6 Were all of ye very | 


