| 'T: 1 E 
PLAYS AND POEMS 
or . 5 ; 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 2 


VOLUME THE FIRST. y- 
PART I. | _ 


CONTAINING hp 1A 


P R O L E GOM E N A, 


* 
„ 


* = 
* 
d 
Þ 
Þ 
( 2 % 
F + x. 
4 4 + Fa, 
4 a 3 28 8 <* 
, Seed. 
Þ 
Þ 7 
Þ To 
Þ 


2 * 
2 


N 


1 


* 
1 


* 


* 


5 
7 


of 


* 


JA 
2 
* 


N * 
- ty 1 
1 * l a 
* \Þ 1 > : 
* * - * . 1 
44 5 * * 
* 7 8 2 N 
- P 
* . 
F * „ 4 * x 
* * 7 KY b 
4 Y | J 
« 8 "4+ 9 
1 . . | ; 
: "y " 1 . 5 
* 5 
1 is F A * 
» & as * WY 
n 
ir 
9 5 4 F b 
„ e W214 
* 4 34,5 $3 
1 39 2 
+4 dS © 
„ „ 
0 — N 
4 Py | * 4 * . , 
f "WE i 34 1 
* . . N ö Y 
* * P . 
+ 4 BEN LAY 
8 1 * p 
% * 5 * . 
2 
* 
o 
= 
. 
* 
. 
4 a 
. 


2 K 


Re * 
At. 


— 


. 


* 


* 
ett tte edle! 


r 
2 45 « 
4X7 


„1. 

2 

4 6. 

eren 

Nennen! rennen. 
PR 

..in , 

- K 51 „„ „„ „„ „ 

7 rr 

„1 „6 „„ 


7 

I 

0 =_ 
Ir . 2. RA 


451,2. 
a eee eee 


2. 


ow 
— 
7 
9 I. * 


As 


Ha tpn er noi} 
2 2 ** 
Les 44 


aA, 


ene 
5697 
aol 


4s 


4 > . 1 "I : 1 = , | 4 „ ö . - . Cid | | 1 
„ e, from a Dranvng of te came wine, made ty One Hang, | 
OSIRIS, A. # ; 8 

r | 2 Picture en the Collection of hes Grace cli lade of ¶ eu 


* 
* 


d as the Act Aeta. br u Hab. by J. Rivington & Partners. 


> 


h + 
"+ 


* 
* " , Tr "WI 3 * 
” I 4 * — a A 
a 1 4 . 2 wi * * S 1 if gon * —— Ja * | * 
” d * 
*. 
a Yo * 9 
+. 8 


FS THE 
OF 


WILLIAM ns 
IN TEN VOLUMES; 


COLLATED VERBATIM WITH THE MOST AUTHENTICK 
COPIES, AND REVISED: 


| WITH THE 
CORRECTIONS AND ILLUSTRATIONS. 
O F 


VARIOUS COMMENTATORS; 


TO WHICH ARE ADDED, 


AN ESSAY ON THE CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 
OF HIS PLAYS; 


| AN ESSAY RELATIVE TO SHAKSPEARE AND JONSON ; : 


A DISSERTATION ON THE. THREE PARTS 
OF KING HENRY v.; 


; AN HISTORICAL ACCOUNT OF THE ENGLISH STAGE; 15 
AND NOTES; 


By EDMOND MA LONE. 


Tns pve HAT us w, roy ute! aoopexuy eig . 
Viet. Auct᷑. apud * 

QUEM Tv, DEA, TEMPORE IN OMNI. 

ouxizus ORNATUM VOLUISTI EXCELLERE REBUS.Lucrets 


LONDON: PRINTED Ir K. BALDWIN, 


For J. Rivington and Sons, L. Davis, B. White and Son, T. Longman, 
B. Law, H. S. Woodfall, C. Dilly, J. Robſon, J. ang 'T.Ver nor, 
G. G. J. and J. Robinſon, T. Cadell, „ R. Baldwin, 
H. L. Gardner, J. Sewell, J. cd . . » Payne, jun. 
S. Hayes, R. Faulder, W. Lowndes, G. and T. Wilkie, Scatcherd and 
Whitaker, T. and J. Egerton, C. Stalker, J. Barker, J. Edwards, 
Ogilvie and Speare, J. Cuthell, J. Lackington, and . Newbery. 


M DCC xc. 


Py 


1 


'S; 


+. 4 


Ren 


KR © 


2 3 
. 1 1 


P R E YH W G 
2 the following work, the labour of eight years, I 
have endeavoured, with unceaſing ſolicitude, to give 

a faithful and correct edition of the plays and poems of 
Shakſpeare. Whatever imperfection or errours there- 
fore may be found in it, (and what work of ſo great 
length and difficulty was ever free from errour or imper- 
feQion ?) will, I truſt, be imputed to any other cauſe 
than want of zeaÞ for the due execution of the taſk 
Wow I ventured*to undertake. | i 
The difficulties to be encountered by an editor of 
the works of Shakſpeare, haye been ſo frequently 

| ſtated, and are ſo generally acknowledged, that it may 
ſem unneceſſary to conciliate the publick favour by this 
plea: but as theſe in my opinion have in ſome par- 
ticulars been over- rated, and in others not ſufficiently 
inſiſted - on; f ard às the true ſtate of the ancient copies of 
this poet's'writings has never been laid before the pubu 
| lick; I ſhall conſider the ſubject as if it had not _ 
N diſcuſſed by preceding editors. | 
In the year 1756 Dr. Johnſon publiſhed the follow 


ing excellent ſcheme of a new edition of Shakſpeare's 
- dramatick pieces, which he completed in 17652: * 
When the works of Shakſpeare are, after ſo many 
editions, again offered to ihe publick, it will doubtleſs 
be enquired, why Shakſpeare ſtands in more need of cti- 
tical aſſiſtanoe than any other of the Engliſh writers, 


Yu I. Paar J. 4 | and 


i R EF ACE 
and what are the deficiencies of the late attempts, whictz 
another editor may hope to ſupply. 

The buſineſs of him that republiſhes an ancient 
book is, to correct what is corrupt, and to explain what 
is obſcure. To have a text corrupt in many places, and 
in many doubtful, is, among the authours that have 
written ſince the uſe of types, almoſt peculiar to Shak- 
ſpeare. Moſt writers, by publiſhing their own works, 
prevent all various readings, and preclude all conjectural 
criticiſm. Books indeed are ſometimes publiſhed after 
the death of him who produced them, but they are 
better ſecured from corruptions than theſe unfortunate 
compoſitions. They ſubſiſt in a ſingle copy, written 
or reviſed by the authour; and the faults of the printed 
volume can be only faults of one deſcent. 

« But of the works of Shakſpeare the condition 
has been far different: he ſold them, not to be printed, 
but to be played. They were immediately copied for 
the actors, and multiplied by tranſcript after tranſcript;, 

vitiated by the blunders of the penman, or changed by 
the affeRation of the player; perhaps enlarged to intro- 
duce a jeſt, or mutilated. to ſhorten the | repreſentation x 
and printed at laſt without the concurrence of the authour, 
without the conſent of the proprietor, from compila- 
tions made by chance or by ſtealth aut of the ſeparate 
parts written for the theatre: and thus thruſt into the 
world ſurreptitiouſly and haſtily, they ſuffered another 
depravation from the ignorance and negligence of tho 
printers, as every man Who knows the ſtate of the preſs 
in that age will readily conceive. 

It is not eaſy for invention to bring together Go 
. caukes — to vitiate a text. No other 
authour 


N 111 


authour ever gave up his works to fortune and time with 
ſo little care; no books could be left in hands ſo likely 
to injure tem, as plays frequently acted, yet continued 
in manuſcript: no other tranſeribers were likely to be 
ſo little qualified for their taſk as thoſe who copied for 
the ſtage, at a time when the lower ranks of the people 
were univerſally illiterate : no other editions were made 
from fragments ſo minutely broken, and ſo fortuitouſly 
re-united ; arid in no other age was the art of printing in 
ſuch unſkilful hands. 

« With the cauſes of corruption that make the reviſa 
of Shakſpeare's dramatick pieces neceſſary; may be enu- 
mexated the cauſes of obfcurity; which may be 1 
uted to his age, and partly to himſelf. 

«© When a writer outlives his contemporaries, and 
Mains almoſt the only unforgotten nate of a diſtant 
time, he is neceffarily obſcure. Evety age has its thodes 
of ſpeech, and its caſt of thought ; which, though eaſily 
explained when there are many books to be compared 
with each other, become ſometimes unintelligible, and 
always difficult, when there ate no parallel paſſages 
that may conduce to their illuſtration. Shakſpeare is 
the firſt conſiderable authour of ſublime or familiar 
di in our language. Of the books which he read, 
and from which he formed his ſtile, ſome perhaps have 
periſhed, and the reſt are neglected. His imitations 
are therefore unnoted, his alluſions are undiſcovered 
and many beauties, both of pleafantry and greatneſs, 

are loſt with the objects to which they were — 
as the figures vaniſh when the canvas has decayed. 

« Tt is the great excellence of Shakfpeare, that he 


_ his ſcenes from nature, and from life. He copied 
| a 2 the 


iy PAEFACH 

the manners of the world then paſſing before him, and 
has more alluſions than other poets to the traditions and 
ſuperſtitions of the vulgar ; which muſt therefore be 
traced before he can be underſtood. 5 


« He wrote at a time when our poetical language 
was yet unformed, When the meaning of our phraſes 
was yet in fluctuation, when words were adopted at 
pleaſure from the neighbouring languages, and while 
the Saxon was ſtill viſibly mingled in our diction. The 
reader is therefore embarraſſed at once with dead and 
with foreign languages, with obſoleteneſs and innova- 
tion. In that age, as in all others, faſhion produced 
phraſeology, which ſucceeding faſhion ſwept away 
before its meaning was generally known, or ſufficiently 
authoriſed : and in that age, above all others, experi- 
ments were made upon our language, which diſtorted its 
combinations, and diſturbed its uniformity, . 3 

« If Shakſpeare has difficulties above other writers, 
it is to be imputed to the nature of his work, which 
required the uſe of the common colloquial language, 
and conſequently admitted many phraſes alluſive, ellip- 
tical, and proverbial, ſuch as we ſpeak and hear every 
hour without obſerving them; and of which, being 
now familiar, we do not ſuſpect that they can ever grow 
uncouth, or that, being now obvious, they can ever 


ſeem remote. 5 
« Theſe are the principal cauſes of the obſcurity of 
Shakſpeare ; to which may be added that fulneſs of 
idea, which might ſometimes load his words with 
more ſentiment than they could conveniently convey, 
and that rapidity of imagination which might hurry 
him to a ſecond thought before he had fully explained 
1 : the 


: 
? 


N T A CE v 

che firſt. But my opinion is, that very few of his 

lines were difficult to his audience, and that he uſed 

ſuch expreſſions as were then common, though the 

paucity of contemporary writers makes them now ſeem 
peculiar. 

„ Authours are often praiſed for improvement, or 
blamed for innovation, with very little juſtice, by thoſe 
who read few other books of the ſame age. Addiſon 
himſelf has been ſo unſucceſsful in enumerating the 
words with which Milton has enriched our language, 
as perhaps not to have named one of which Milton 
was the authour: and Bentley has yet more unhappily 
praiſed him as the introducer of thoſe eliſions into 
Engliſh poetry, which had been uſed from the firſt 
eſſays of verſification among us, and which Milton 
was indeed the laſt that practiſed. 

« Another impediment, not the leaſt vexatious to 
the commentator, is the exactneſs with which Shak- 
ſpeare followed his authour. Inſtead of dilating his 
thoughts into generalities, and expreſſing incidents 
with poetical latitude, he often combines circ um- 
ſtances unneceſſary to his main deſign, only becauſe he 
happened to find them together. Such paſſages can 
be illuſtrated only by him who has read the ſame ſtory 
in the very book which Shakſpeart conſulted. 

He that undertakes an edition of Shakſpeare, has 
all theſe difficulties to Ma and all theſe obſtruc- 
tions to remove. 
„ 'The corruptions of the text will be corrected by a 
careful collation of the oldeſt copies, by which it is 
hoped that many reſtorations may yet be made: at leaſt 


it will be neceſſary to collect and note the variations as 
1 materials 


yi  DPRKUNTAQEK 


materials for future criticks, for. it very often happens 
that a wrong reading has affinity to the right. 

In this part all the preſent editions are apparently 
and intentionally defective. The criticks did not fo 
much as wiſh to facilitate the labour of thoſe that 
followed them. The ſame books are ſtill to be com- 
pared ; the work that has been done, is. to be done 
again, and no ſingle edition will ſupply the reader with 
a text on which he canrely as the beſt copy of the works 
of Shak ſpeare. 

The edition now . will at leaſt have this 
advantage over others. It will exhibit all the obſervable 
varieties of all the copies that can be found; that, if the 
reader is not ſatisfied with the editor's determination, 
he may have the means of chooſing better for himſelf. 

« Where all the books are evidently vitiated, and 
collation can give no aſſiſtance, then begins the taſk of 
critical ſagacity: and ſome changes may wellabe ad- 
mitted in a text never ſettled by the authour, and ſo long 
expoſed to caprice and ignorance. But nothing ſhall 
be impoſed, as in the Oxford edition, without notice 
of the alteration ; nor ſhall conjecture be wantonly or 
unneceſſarily indulged. | 

«© Tt has been long found, that very ſpecious emenda- 
tions do not equally ſtrike all minds with conviction, 
nor even the ſame mind at different times; and there- 
fore, though perhaps many alterations may hu — 
as eligible, very few will be obtruded as certain. In a 
language ſo ungrammatical as the Engliſh, and fo Tom- : 
tious as that of Shakſpeare, emendatory criticiſm, is 
always hazardous; nor can it be allowed to. any man 
who is not particularly * in the writings of that 


age, 


— 


P R E F A C E. vi 


F age, and particularly ſtudious of his authour*; s dic- 


tion. There 1s danger leſt peculiarities ſhould be 
miſtaken for corruptions, and paſſages rejected as 
unintelligible, which a narrow mind happens not to 
underſtand. ; 
« All the former eriticks have been ſo much employed 
on the correction of the text, that they have not ſuffi- ' 
cinatl attended to the elucidation of paſſages obſcured 
by accident or time. The editor will endeavour to read 
the books which the authour read, to trace his knowledge 
to its ſource, and compare his copies with the originals, 
If in this part of his defign he hopes to attain any degree 


of ſuperiority to his predeceſſors, it muſt be conſidered, 


that he has the advantage of their labours ; that part of 
the work being already done, more care is naturally 
beſtowed on the other part; and that, to declare the 
truth, Mr. Rowe and Mr. Pope were very ignorant of 
the ancient Englith literature; Dr. Warburton was de- 
tained by more important ſtudies 3 and Mr. Theobald, 
if fame be juſt to his memory, ee learning only 
as an inſtrument of gain, and made no further inquiry 


after his author's meaning, when once he had notes 
ſufficient to embelliſh his Page with the expected deco, 


rations. 
« With regard to obſolete or peculiar e the 
editor may perhaps claim ſome degree of confidence, 
having had more motives to conſider the whole extent 
of our langnage than any other man from its firſt for- 
mation. He hopes, that, by comparing the works of 
Shakſpeare with thoſe of writers who lived at the ſame 
time, immediately preceded, or immediately followed 
him, he ſhall be able to aſcertain his ambiguities, dif- 
a 4 entangle 


— «A * A 5 


W 2 REF NR IG 


entangle his intricacies, and recover the meaning * * 
words now loſt in the darkneſs of antiquity. 


„% When ten any obſcurity ariſes from an allu- © 


-Fion to ſome -othier” book, 'the paſſage will be quoted. 
When the diction 1s entangled, it will be cleared by 
a paraphraſe” or interpretation. When the ſenſe is 
broken by the ſuppreſſion of part of the ſentiment in 
Pleaſantry or paſſion, the connection will be ſupplied 
When any forgotten cuſtom is hinted, care Wilk be 
taken to retrieve and explain it. The meaning afſigned 1 
to doubtful woids will be ſupported by the authorities 
of other e or by 8 h of Shak- 4 
ſpeare himſelf. 

4 Phe ble weden of faults 220 ies; is one, of 
the duties of an annotator, which ſome of Shakſpeare” 8 
editors have attempted, and ſome have neglected. * For 
this part of his taſk, and for this only, was Mr. Pope 
eminently and indiſputably qualified: nor has Dr. 
Warburton followed him with leſs diligence or leſs 
ſucceſs. But I never obſerved that mankind was much 
delighted or improved by their aſteriſks, commas, or 
double commas ; of which the only effect is, that they 
preclude the pleaſure of judging for ourſelves, teach the 
young and ignorant to decide without principles; de- 
feat curioſity and diſcernment by leaving them leſs to 
diſcover ; and, at laſt, ſhew the opinion of the critick, 
without the reaſons on which it was founded, and 
without affording any light Tn which it =y be 
examined. 

% The editor, though bs may leſs aclight his. own 
Vanity, will N pleaſe his reader more, by ſuppo- 


ſing 


PREFACE 
ſing him equally able with himſelf to judge of beauties 
and faults, which require no previous acquiſition of 


remote knowledge. A deſcription of the obvious ſcenes 
of nature, a repreſentation of general life, a ſentiment 


| of reflection or experience, a deduction of concluſive 


argument, a forcible eruption of efferveſcent paſſion, 
are to be conſidered as proportionate to common appre- 
henſion, unaſſiſted by critical officiouſneſs ; ſince to 
conceive them, nothing more is requiſite than acquaint- 
ance with the general ſtate of the world, and thoſe 
faculties which he muſt always bring with bim who 
would read Shakſpeare. BO 


- © But when the beauty ariſes from ſome adaptation 


| of the ſentiment to cuſtoms worn out of uſe, to opinions 


not univerſally prevalent, or to any accidental or minute 
particularity, which cannot be ſupplied by common 
underſtanding, or common obſervation, it is the duty 
of a commentator to lend his aſſiſtance. 

The notice of beauties and faults thus limited 
will make no diſtinct part of the deſign, being reducible 
to the explanation of obſcure paſſages. 

„The editor does not however intend to preclude 
himſelf from the compariſon of Shakſpeare's ſentiments 
or expreſſion with thoſe of ancient or modern authours, 
or from the diſplay of any beauty not obvious to the 
ſtudents of poetry; for as he hopes to leave his authour 
better underitood, he wiſhes likewiſe to n him 
more rational approbation. 


« The former editors have affected to flight als 
predeceſſors: but in this edition all that is valua- 
ble will be adopted from every commentator, that 
ny may conſider it as ITY all the reſt, and 

exhibit 


— 
of 


„„ 


— 


- N 
—B . or 


= 


- * — 1 - - 
I 


— 


2... ˙ / 5. Ee rr ee een eee as, tr mens, = 


0 


Wenn IT? 
— F „ 4 


x PRE VT A CI 


exhibit whatever is hitherto known of the great father 
of the Engliſh drama. | 

Though Dr. Johnſon has here 8 out with his 
uſual perfpicuity and vigour the true courſe to be taken 
by an editor of Shakſpeare, ſome of the poſitions which 
he has laid down may be controverted, and ſome are 
indubitably not true. It is not true that the plays of 
this authour were more incorrectly printed than thoſe of 
any of his contemporaries : for in the plays of Marlowe, 
Marſton, Fletcher, Maſſinger, and others, as many 
errours may be found. It is not true that the art f 
printing was in no other age in fo unſkilfut hands. 
Nor is it true, in the latitude in which it is ſtated, 
that © theſe plays were printed from compilations made 
by chance or by ſtealth ont of the ſeparate parts written 
for the theatre :** two only of all his dramas, The Merry 
Mives of Windſor and N. Henry J. appear to have been 
thus thruſt into the world, and of the former it is yet 
a doubt whether it is a firſt ſketch or an imperfect copy. 
I do not believe that words were then adopted at plea- 
ſure from the neighbouring larjguages, or that an anti- 
quated diction was then employed by any poet but 
Spenſer. That the obſcurities of our authour, to what- 
ever cauſe they may be referred, do not ariſe from the 
paucity of contemporary writers, the preſent edition |} 
may furni ſn indiſputable evidence. And laſtly, if it be | 
true, that very few of Shakſpeare's lines were diffi- 
cult to his audience, and that he ufed ſuch expreflions 
as were then common, (a poſition of which I have 
not the ſmalleſt doubt,) it cannot be true, thai his: 
reader 1s embarraſſed at once with dead and with foreign 
languages, with obfoletencls and innovation.“ op > 
„When 


DE FK NE 1 
When Mr. Pope firſt undertook the taſk of revi- 


4 fing theſe plays, every anomaly of language, and every 
+ ® expreſſion that was not underſtood at that time, were 
| | conſidered as errours or corrruptions, and the text was 
altered, or amended, as it was called, at pleaſure. The 
principal writers of the early part of this century ſeem 
never to have looked behind them, and to have con- 
2 ſidered their own era and their own phraſeology as the 
ſtandard of perfection: hence from the time of Pope's 
edition, for above twenty years, to alter Shakſpeare's 
text and to reſtore it, were conſidered as ſynonymaus 


terms. During the laſt thirty years our principal employ- 


ment has been to reſtore, in the true ſenſe of the word; 
to eject the arbitrary and capricious innovations made 


by our predeceſſors from ignorance of the phraſeology 


f and cuſtoms of the age in which Shakſpeare lived. 


As on the one hand our poet's text has been de- 
ſcribed as more corrupt than it really is, fo on the 
other, the labour required to inveſtigate fugitive alluſions, 
to explain and juſtify obſolete phraſeology by parallel 
paſſages from contemporary authours, and to form a 
genuine text by a faithful collation of the original 
copies, has not perhaps had that notice to which it 
is entitled; for undoubtedly it is a laborious and a 


difficult taſk: and the due execution of this it is, 


which can alone entitle an editor of Shakſpeare to _ 
favour of the publick. 


J have ſaid that the comparative value of the various 
ancient copies of Shakſpeare's plays has never been 


preciſely aſcertained. To prove this, it will be neceffary 


to go into a long and minute diſcuſli jon, for which, 
however, 


naar 


however, no apology is neceſſary: for though to ex- 
plain and illuſtrate the writings of our poet is a principal 
duty of his editor, to aſcertain his genuine text, to fix 3 
what is to be explained, is his firſt and immediate ob- * 
ject: and till it be eſtabliſned which of the ancient 
copies is entitled to preference, we have no criterion 
by which the text can be aſcertained. 1 
Fifteen of Shakſpeare's plays were printed in quarto 
antecedent to the firſt complete collection of his works, 
which was publiſhed by his fellow-comedians in 1623. 
Theſe plays are, I Midſummer-Night's Dream, Love's 
Labour's Loft, Romeo and Fuliet, Hamlet, The Two 
parts of K. Henry IV. A. Richard II. K. Richard III. 
The Merchant of Venice, K Henry V. Much ado about 
Nothing, The Merry Wives of Windſor, Troilus and 
Creſſida, King Lear, and Othello. 


The players, when they mention theſe copies, repre- 
ſent them all as mutilated and imperfect; but this 
was merely thrown out to give an additional value | 
to their own edition, and is not ſtrictly true of any | 
but two of the whole number; The Merry Wives of | 
Windſor, and K. Henry V. With reſpe& to the other | 
thirteen copies, though undoubtedly they were all ſur- 
reptitious, that 1s, ſtolen from the playhouſe and printed 
without the conſent of the authour or the 'proprie- 
tors, they in general are preferable to the exhibition 
of the ſame plays in the folio; for this plain reaſon, 
becauſe, inſtead of printing theſe plays from a manu- 
ſcript „ the editors of the folio, to ſave labour, or 
from ſome other motive, printed the greater part of 
them from to very copies which ey repreſented as 
maimed 


C1 


"EO 


EREFAGCGE iii 


i | maimed and imperſect, and frequently from a late, 
inſtead of the earlieſt, edition; in ſome inſtances with 
additions and alterations of their own. Thus therefore 


Z 3 the firſt folio, as far as reſpects the plays above enume- 
rated, labours under the diſadvantage of being at leaſt a 
FX ſecond, and in ſome caſes a third, edition of theſe 


— 2 * 


W EC. ES WY 


. Rae, %F ws * 


quartos. I do not however mean to ſay, that many 


} valuable corrections of paſſages undoubtedly corrupt in 
the quartos are not found in the folio copy; or that a 
ſingle line of theſe plays ſhould be printed by a careful 


editor without a, minute examination, and collation of 


q | both copies; but thoſe quartos were in general the baſis 


on which the folio editors built, and are entitled to our 


particular attention and examination as fit editions, 


It is well known to thoſe who are converſant with 
the buſineſs of the preſs, that, (unleſs when the authour 
corrects and reviſes his own works,) as editions of 


books are multiplied, their errours are multiplied: alſo ; 
and that conſequently every ſuch edition is more or leſs 


correct, as it approaches nearer to or is more diſtant 
from the firſt. A few inſtances of the gradual pro- 
greſs of corruption will ANY evince the truth of this. 
aſſertion. 


In the original copy of K. Richard Il. 4to. 1 397. 
Act II. ſc. ii. are theſe lines: 


« You promis'd, when you parted with the king, 
« To lay alide / ife-harming heavineſs.” 


In a ſubſequent quarto, printed in 1608, inſtead of 
life-harming we find HALF-harming ; which being 
perceived by the editor of the folio to be nonſenſe, he 
ſubſtituted, inſtead of it, —sE L F-harming heavineſs. 


In 


=_ —_—_— 4 
* A : = h TRE 

* ———— T 8 r © Sy" et * 2 . 

— n — = . bo 


- 
„ 
32 — 


xlv 2 KR E F A1 C F. 


— — — ——————— ¶ cꝗga IT 


and the line printed thus, 


_ folio,) inſtead of examining the firſt edition, ne the 


reading of the earlieſt copy 


| caudy being printed in the firſt folio inſtead of candy, by 3 


ſecond folio corrected the errour by ſubſtituting gawdy, ® 


the negligence of the compoſitor was exhibited without ; | 
the word huge: ; 


alt the editor of the folio, finding the metre imperfect, | 


In the original copy of K. Henry . P. I. A in 
1 598, Act IV. fc. iv. we find— — 4 
« And what with Owen Glendower? 8 Wiſence W 4 
„(Who with them was @ rated finew too,) &c. ® 
In the fourth quarto printed in 1608, the article 
being omitted by the negligence of the compoſitor, 


„Who with them was rated ſinew too,” — 9 
the editor of the next quarto, (which was copied by the 
errour (leaving the metre {till imperfe&) by reading— 


"OT Who with them was rated firmly too. * 
So, in the ſame play, Act I. ſc. iii. agen of the 1 
« Why, what a candy deal of contraſt? JE ISETEY 
the accidental inverfion of the letter u, the editor of the 8 
Jo, in the ſame play, AQ III. ſc. i. inſtead of the 1 
reading of the earlieſt impreſſion, 6 


« 'The frame and huge foundation of the . 
in the ſecond and the ſubſequent quartos, the line by 


« The frame and foundation of the earth 8 


fupplicd it by reading, 


* The frame and he foundation a the catth. 75 
Another 


P R E F A C E. | xv 


Another line in Act v. ſc. ult. 3 is thus exhibited in 
me quarto, 1598: | 
e, $ But that the earthy and cold hand of death 
7 Earth being printed inſtead of earthy, in the next 
le and the ſubſequent quarto copies, the editor of the 
Tr, 4 folio amended the line thus: 
hut that the earth and the cold hand of death. 
Again, in the preceding ſcene, we find in the firſt copy, 
he «« I was not born a yielder, thou proud Scot.” — 
he inſtead of which in the fifth quarto, 1613, we have 
J was not born 75 yield, thou proud Scot.“ 
This being the copy that was uſed by the editor of 
he the folio, inſtead of examining the moſt ancient impreſ- 
fion, he corrected the errour according to his own 
fancy, and ae e while the work was paſſing 
chrough the preſs, by reading | 
40 ; « was not born 4 yield, thou haughty Scot." 
In Romeo and Fultet, Juliet ſays to her nurſe, | 
he | In faith, I am forry that thou art not well.” 
nd this line in the firſt folio being corruptly exhibited— 
In faith, I am ſorry that thou art / well.” 
he editor of the ſecond folio, to obtain fome ſenſe, 
printed — . 
« In faith, I am ſorry that 8 art /a 47. 


In the quarto copy of the fame play, pubhſhed ire 
599, we find— of | 


9 O happy dagger, 
*« This is thy ſheath; there ruſt, and let me die.” 
| . | In 


A ue Ne 


OP + 


a 


Xi TY E * A © FE. 8 


2 * 


* k 


In the next quarto, 1609, the laſt line i is thus be- 1 
150 3 
ET 257 is thy ſheath,” &c. 


\ "The editor of the folio, ſeeing that this was manifeſtly „ 
wrong, abſurdly corrected the errour thus: 4 


_ «Tis in thy ſheath ; there ruſt, and let me die.“ 
Again, in the ſame play, quarto 1599, miſhav'd den 
corruptly printed, for miſbeßav d4.— 
But like a miſhav'd and ſullen wench—" 
the editor of the firſt folio, to obtain ig ike 
ſenſe, reads— | 
But like a misſhap'd and "NEW wench—”” 2 
and inſtead of this, the editor of the ſecond folio, for | E 
the fake of metre, gives us— 1 
« But like a misſhap'd and a ſullen wench—;” | 2 
Again, in the firſt ſcene of K. Richard III. quarto, | | 
1597, we find this line: f 
10 That tempers him to this extremity." 1 0 


In the next quarto, and all 8 tempts 
78 corruptly printed inſtead of ſempers. The line 
then wanting a ſyllable, the editor of the folio printed 


it thus: 
% That 7empts him to this harſh "ON 85 


Not to weary my reader, I ſhall add but two more 
inſtances , from Romeo and Fuliet : 


« Away to heaven, reſpective lenity, 
* _FAnd Pk: fury be my conduct now! 24 


Ez 


P. R E F A C E. xvii 
8 fays Romeo, when provoked by the appearance of his 
rival. Inſtead of this, which is the reading of the quarto 
150), the line, in the quarto, 1599, is thus corruptly 
f 2X exhibited : 
: And fire end fury be my denied now !” 
, MW in the ſubſequent quarto copy and was ſubſtituted for 


; end; and accordingly in the folio the poet's fine i nagery 
s entirely loſt, and Romeo exclaims, 


f And fire and fury be my conduct now!“ 
The other inſtance in the ſame play is not leſs 
ke remarkable. In the quarto, 1 599, the Friar, addreſſing 
1 Romeo, is made to ſay, 
Thou puts up thy fortune, and thy love.“ 


for | The editor of the folio perceiving Here a groſs cor- 
tuption, ſubſtituted theſe words: | 


Thou putteft up thy fortune, and thy love ;”” 


to, Wnot perceiving that up was a miſprint for upon, and puts 
for pouts, (Which according to the ancient mode was 
written inſtead of pow?'ft,) as he would have found by 
looking into another copy without a date, and as he 
might have conjectured from the correſponding line 
Win the original play 88 in 1597, had he ever ex- 
amined it: 


« Thou frown'/? upon thy fate, that ſmiles on a thee.” 


So little known indeed was the value of the early 
impreſſions of books, (not reviſed or corrected by their 
authours,) that King Charles the Firſt, though a great 
admirer of our poet, was contentelf with the Jud 

Vor. I. Part I. b folio 


\ b 
7 


pls | 
ine 


ted 


Ore 


— — 
n 


2 —— 22. —— 
— PET = > 
—— _ 


— Poo AIDE 2 „ a — — * 
— — — — — _ — 
— 


were made by accident or caprice. Where, however, 


the errour was implicit ly adopted” by D*Avenant. | 


XVI N RB 
ſolio edition of his plays, unconſcious of the numerous 
miſrepreſentations and interpolations by which every 
page of that copy is disfigured; and in a volume of 
the quarto plays of Beaumont and Fletcher, which 
formerly belonged to that king, and is now in my col- 
lection, I did not find a ſingle firſt impreſſion. In like 
manner Sir William D' Avenant, when he made his 
alteration of the play of Macbeth, appears to have * 
the third folio printed in 1664. 


The various readings found in the different impreſ⸗ 
ſions of the quarto copies are frequently mentioned by 
the late editors: it is obvious from what has been already 
ſtated, that the firſt edition of each play is alone of any 
authority , and accordingly to no other have I paid any 
attention. All the variations in the ſubſequent quartos 


there are two editions printed in the ſame year, or an 
undated copy, it is neceſſary to examine each of them, 
becauſe which of them was firſt, can not be aſcertained; 
and being each printed from a manuſcript, they carry with 
them a degree of authority to which a re- impreſſion 
cannot be entitled. Of the tragedy of Ang Lear there 
are no leſs than three copies, varying from each other, 
printed for the ſame bookicller, and-in the ſame years | 


I In that 1 being corruptly wore inſtead of 
aroint, ts | 
cc Anoint 5 witch , the rumg / fal ronyon cries, 


2 Except only in the inſtance of Romeo and Juliet, where 3 
the firſt copy, printed in 1597, appears to be an imperfe& ſketch, 
and therefore cannot be entirely relied on. Vet even this fur- 
niſnes many valuable corrections of the more perfect copy of i 
hat tragedy in its rms ſtate, PEI in 1599, 


2 


3 kWHFAGE wn 


1 Of all the plays of which there are no quarto copies 
| extant, the firſt folio, printed in 1623, is the only 
13 edition. 

| $ An opinion has been entertained by FO: that 
= 4 the ſecond impreſſion of that book, publiſhed in 
I © 1632, has a ſimilar claim to authenticity. Who- 
ever has any of the folios, (ſays Dr. Johnſon,) 
das all, excepting thoſe diverſities which mere re- 

iteration of editions will produce. I collated them 

2 all at the beginning, but afterwards uſed only the firſt, 

from which (he afterwards adds,) the ſubſequent folios 
never differ but by accident or negligence.” Mr. Steevens, 
however, does not ſubſctibe to this opinion. The 
7 
J 


w- 22 


edition of 1632, (lays that gentleman,) is not without 
value; for though it be in ſome places more incorrectly. 
printed than the preceding one, it has likewiſe the 
1 7 advantage of various readings, which are not 7 
„ Each as re-iteration of copies will naturally produce,” 
XZ What Dr. Johnſon has ſtated; is not quite accurate. 
The ſecond folio does indeed very frequently differ 
from the firſt by negligence. or chance; but much 
more f requently by the editor's profound ignorance 
of our poet's phraſeology and metre, in conſequence 
of which there is ſcarce a Page of the, book which is 
not disfigured by the capricious alterations introduced 
by the perſon to whom the care of that impreſſion was 
Nentruſted. This perſon in fat, whoever he was, and 
Mr. Pope, were the two great corrupters of our 
poet's text; and I have no doubt that if the arbitrary 
Waltcrations introduced by theſe two editors were 
numbered, in the plays of which no quarto copies are 


extant, they would greatly exceed all the carruptions 
b 2 | and 


xx P R E F A C k. 


and errours of the preſs in the original and only authen- 
tick copy of thoſe plays. Though my judgment 
on this ſubject has been formed after a very careful 
examination, I cannot expect that it ſhould be received 
on my mere aſſertion: and therefore it is neceſſary 


to ſubſtantiate it by proof. This cannot be effected 


but by a long, minute, and what I am afraid will ap- 


pear to many, an unintereſting diſquiſition: but let 
it ſtill be remembered that to aſcertain the genuine 
text of theſe plays is an object of great importance. 

On a reviſion. of the ſecond folio printed in 1632, 
it will be found, that the editor of that book was en- 
tirely ignorant of our poet's phraſeology and metre, 
and that various alterations were made by him, in con- 


ſequence of that ignorance, which render his cdition 


of no value whatſoever. 
I. His ignorance of Shakſpeare's ner IS 
proved by the following among many other inſtances. 


He did not know that the double negative was the 
- cuſtomary and authorized language of the age of 
Queen Elizabeth, and therefore, inſtead of — 


Nor to her bed no homage do I owe.” — 
oy Comedy of Errors, Act III. Fo Th 

he printed —*« Nor to her bed à homage do I owe.” 
So, in As you lite it, Act II. fe. iv. inſtead of — 


] can not go no further”, he penned... « I can 89 no 


further.“ 


In Much ado DER ae Act I II, ſc, i * H. er0, : 


ſpeaking of Beatrice, . W 
„ there will ſhe hide her, Heir aol 
« To liſten our propoſe.” mir} ba N 


©; Bas 


» 
93 7 NY 
=. 
1 : 
25 * 

N ” 
1 OY 
: 0 

2 
75 


g b N E I A W 


for which the ſecond folio ſubſtitutes— 
there will the hide her, 
« To liſten 7 our purpoſe.” 


1 Again, in The Winter's Tale, Act I. ſc. ii. 


Thou doſt make poſſible, things not ſo held.“ 
1 The plain meaning is, thou doſt make thoſe things 
poſſible, which are held to be impoſſible. But the 


9 editor of the ſecond folio, not underſtanding the line, 


reads 


FE 
8 


J FThou doſt make poſſible things not to be ſo held; "Is 


1 i. e. thou doſt make thoſe things to be eſteemed im- 


pooſſible, which are poſſible: the very reverſe of what 
the poet meant. 


In the ſame play is this line: 


« Tam appointed him to murder) you.” 


: 9 Here the editor of the ſecond folio, not being converſant 
with Shakſpearc's irregular language, reads 

4 I appointed him to murder you.“ N 

Again, in Macbeth: - 


« This diamond he greets your wife withal, 


By the name of moſt kind —— and ſhut up 
== « In meaſureleſs content.“ 


Not knowing that ſhut up meant concluded, the editor 


1 ol the ſecond folio reads 


and ſhut it up [1. 8 the diamond] 


60 — meaſureleſs content.“ 5 


In the ſame play the word Jated, (% Now ſpurs the 

3 © ated traveller—”) not being underſtood, 1s changed 4 

gn. and Colmes-Inch to Colmes-Hill. . 
US Again, 


xxii PREFACE 
Again, tbidem : when Macbeth ſays, „Hang thoſh _ 
that talk of fear,” it is evident that theſe words are not 


a wiſh or imprecation, but an injunction to hang all 
the cowards in Scotland. The editor of the ſecond folio, 


I, conſidering the paſſage in the former Light, F 
70 . them that Hand i in fear l } 
From the ſame ignorance, - g 
And all our yeſterdays have lighted fools 1 
The way to duſty death.“ | 3 

: '2 


is changed to 
And all our yeſterdays have lighted fools 

« The way to fudy death. | 1 

In X. Richard II. Bolingbroke ſays, --. 
« And I miſt find that title in your tongue,” &. 

i. e. you muſt addreſs me by that title. But this not 
being underſtood, ou, is in the ſecond folio ſubRituted 9 
for tongue. 32 


The double comparative i is common in the plays 
of Shakſpeare. Yet, inſtead of 


cc 


I'll give my reaſons 
« More worthier than their voices.” 
Coridlanus, Act III. ſe. i. Firſt F olio. 
we have in the ſecond copy, 
0 More worthy than their voices. 1 
So, in Othello, Act I. ſc. v.— opinion, a ſovereig 
miſtreſs of effects, throws a more ſafer voice on you,” : 4 
—is changed in the ſecond folio, to“ e &c. 1 
throws a more ſafe voice on Jou.“ = | 
= 


Again. 


. 8 TE bes 


REF xxiii 


Again, in Hamlet, Act III. fc. ii. inſtead of —* your 
wiſdom ſhould ſhew itſelf more richer, to ſignify this 
to the doctor; we find in the copy of 1632, © — your 


2 wiſdom ſhould ſhew itſelf more rich,“ &c. 


In The Winter's Tale, the word vaſy not being under- 


flood, 


« they ſhook hands as over a 54. Firſt Folio. 


we find in the ſecond copy, © —as over a vaſt ſea.” 


In K. John, AQ V. ſc. v. firſt folio, are theſe lines: 
« — The Engliſh lords 


« By his perſuaſion are again fallen off.” 


The editor of the ſecond folio, thinking, I ſuppoſe, 
that as theſe lords had not before deſerted the French 
king, it was improper to ſay that they had again fallen 
off, ſubſtituted ** —are at laſt falledoff;” not perceiv- 
ing that the meaning is, that theſe lords had gone back 
again to their own n whom they had before 
deſerted. 

In K. Henry VIII. Act II. fc. ii. Norfolk ſpeaking 
of Wolſey, ſays, © I'll venture one have at him.” This 
being miſunderſtood, is changed in the ſecond Copy to 

I'll venture one heave at him.“ 


Julius Ceſar likewiſe furniſhes various ſpecimens 


C 1 of his ignorance of Shakſpeare's language. The phraſe, 
to bear hard, not being underſtood, inſtead of— 


«« Caius Ligarius doth bear Cæſar hard.” F irſt Folio. 


— we find in the ſecond COPY), 


« Caius Ligarius doth bear Cæſar hatred,” 
; b 4 | and 


xxiv FN TTC 

and * the ſame cauſe the words dank, Bleſt, and 
hurtled, are diſmiſſed from the text, and more familiar 
words ſubſtituted in their room 3. 

In like manner in the third act of 1 ſc. ii. 
the ancient verb to oe, i. e. to poſſeſs, is diſcarded by 
this editor, and oꝛon ſubſtituted in its place. 

In Antony and Cleopatra, we find in the original 
<P theſe lines : 


J fay again, thy ſpirit 
« Ts all afraid to govern thee near him, 
« But he alway, tis noble. 

Inſtead of reſtoring the true word away, which was 
thus corruptly exhibited, the editor of the ſecond folio, 
without any regard to the context, altered another part of 
the line, and abſurdly printed“ But he alway 7s noble.“ 

In the ſame play, Act I. ſc. iii. Cleopatra ſays to 


Charmian—* Quicꝶ and return ;” for which the editor 


of the ſecond folio, not knowing that quick was either 
_ adverbially, or elli ptically for Be 3 ſubſtitutes 
«« Quickly, and return.“ 7 


In Timon of Athens, are theſe lines: 


« And that unaptneſs made your miniſter 
« 'Thus to excuſe yourſelf.” 


i. e. and made that unaptneſs your miniſter to excuſe 


vi 


3 cc To ont aw and fuck up the humours 
« Of the dank morning.” Firſt Folio, 
«& Of the dark morning.” Second Folio. 
« We are blen that Rome is rid of him.” 
We are glad that Rome is rid of him.“ 
< The noiſe of battle hurtled in the air.” Firſt Folio. 
The noiſe of battle hurried in the air.“ Second Folio. 


; e yourſelf; 


Firſt Folio. | 
Second Folio. 


nr res 


8 3 S N 
8 8 e Ne 

5 . r 
Fo A 


os 0 
2 * . 
, 1 . a 
ea: A p 
MW VT WIE ans 4 ANDY 6 y By 


— 


1 

2 4 
> 

1 „ 
3 


P-R-E Fr ACE __- WP 


| urſelf; or, in other words, availed yourſelf of that 
unaptneſs as an excuſe for your own conduct. The 
words being inverted and put out of their natural order, 


te editor of the ſecond folio ſuppoſed that unaprneſs, 
being placed firſt, muſt be the nominative caſe, and 
therefore reads 


« And that unaptneſs made You miniſter, 
« Thus to excuſe yourſelf.” 


In that play, from the ſame ignorance, inſtead of 


= Timon's exhortation to the thieves, to kill as well as 


3 | and exhibits the other line thus: 


rob. —“ Take wealth and lives together, we find in 
the ſecond copy,“ Take wealth, and /ive together.“ 

And with equal ignorance and licentiouſneſs this editor 
altered the epitaph on Timon, to render it what he 
thought metrical, by leaving out various words. In the 
A original edition it appears as it does in Plutarch, and 
therefore we may be certain that the variations in 
the ſecond copy were here, as in other places, all 


arbitrary and capricious. 15 


Again, in the ſame play, we have 
I defil'd land.“ 


= and— 


O, my good lord, the world is but a 29rd,” &c. 
The editor not underſtanding either of theſe paſſages, 


and ſuppoſing that 7 in the firſt of them was uſed as a 


perſonal pronoun, (whereas it ſtands according to the 


© uſage of that time for the affirmative PRs a. 
reads in the firſt line, 


« deſy land;” 


O my 


W * 
On N 
N 
55 . 
* » 
4 
0 
: 
\ 
. 


xxvi PRE: . 
% O, my good lord, the world is but a world,” &c. 

Our authour and the contemporary writers generally 
write wars, not war, &. The editor of the fecond 
folio being unappriſed of this, reads in Anlony and 
Cleopatra, Act III. fc. v.“ Cæſar having made uſe 
of him in the war againſt Pompey, — inſtead of 
Wars, the reading of the original copy. 

The ſeventh ſcene of the fourth act of this play 
concludes with theſe words: © Diſpatch. —Enobar- 
bus!” Anthony, who is the ſpeaker, deſires his attend- 
ant Eros to diſpatch, and then pronounces the name 
Enobarbus, who had recently deſerted him, and whoſe 
Joſs he here laments. But there being no perſon on 
the ſcene but Eros, and the point being inadvertently 
omitted after the word diſpatch, the editor of the ſecond 
folio ſuppoſed that Enobarbus muſt have been an errour 
of the preſs, and therefore reads ; 

oy Diſpatch, Eras.” | 

In Troilus and Creſſida, Creſſida ſays, 

Things won are done ; Jays ſoul lies in the doing. 
i. e. the ſoul of joy lies, &c. So, t love's viſible ſoul,” 
and © my ſoul of counſel ;** expreſſions likewiſe uſed by 
Shakſpeare. Here alfo the editor of the ſecond folio 


exhibits equal ignorance of his authour ; for inſtead of 


this eminently beautiful expreſſion, he has given us— 
« Things won are done; he or ou” s Joy lies 1 in do- 
| in g” 
1 King Richard III. Ratclif, addrefling the lords 
at at Pornfret, ſays, 5 


| : | 6 Make 


# 


P RE FF A © Xxxvii 


« Make haſte, the hour of death is expiate.” 


for which the editor of the ſecond folio, alike ignorant 
of the poet's language and metre, has ſubſtituted, | 


« Make haſte, the hour of death is now expir d. 
So, in Romeo and Fuliet : 
« The earth hath ſwallow'd all my hopes but ſhe.” 


The word The being accidentally omitted in the firſt 


folio, the editor of the ſecond ke the defect by 
reading _ 
Earth hath 2% fwallow'd a all my hopes but ſhe. 


Again, i in the fame play: « I'Il lay fourteen of my 
teeth, and yet, to my teen be it ſpoken, I have but four: 


not underſtanding the word feen, he ſubſtituted teeth 


inſtead of it. 
Again, ibidem: 


* Prick'd from the lazy finger of a maid—” 


Man being corruptly printed inſtead of maid in the 
1 firſt folio, 1623, the editor of the ſecond, who never 
examined a ſingle quarto copy #, corrected the errour 
at random, by reading 


cc Frick d from the lazy fi of a woman.” 
J a 


4 That this editor never examined: any of the wears copies, 


is proved by the following inſtances : 


f. ow 
M1445 08 
7 
__ 
* 
431 
„ 
7 
9 
es, 
1 
© 
1 
1 N 
| hes 
3 
3 
3 
N 
NES 
* xa 
e 
3 
TK of 
„ 
. * £ 
S N 
A+. 
224% 

x £1 88 
45 3 
4 
a 


a 
40 7 * 
„ 
* 4 
Es 
3 
4 = 
. : 
5 
7 


In Troilus and Creffida, we find in the firſt folio, 
4 the remainder viands 
«© We do not throw in unreſpeRive fame, 
© Becauſe we now are full.“ 
Finding this nonſenſe, he printed “ in une de Place.“ 


In the quarto he would have found the true word eve. 


4 5 Again, 


— — — ͤ —ükz a— 
2 + 46 74 


— — RT —— 


P R E F A C E. 


Again: 
Doſt thou love me? I know thou wilt ſay, ay:*” 
The word me being omitted in the firſt folio, the editor 


XXV11L 


of the ſecond capriciouſly ſupplied the metre thus: 


| thus: 


Poſt thou love? O, I know thou wilt ſay, ay. 


Again, in the * play, the following lines are thus cor- 
ruptly exhibited : 
«© That all the Greeks begin to worſhip Ajax; 3 
6e Since things in motion begin to catch the eye, 
4% Than what not ſtirs.“ 
the words“ begin to, being adveticaty repeated in the 
ſecond line, by the compolitor's eye glancing on the line 


above. 
The editor of the ſecond folio, inſtead of examining the 


quarto, where he would have found the true reading, 
& Since things in motion ſooner catch the eye, 
thought only of amending the metre, and printed the line 


& Since things in motion *gzz to catch the eye 


leaving the paſſage nonſenſe, as he ane it. 


So, in Titus Andronicus: 
& And let no comfort delight mine ear 
being erroneoufly printed in the firſt folio, inſtead of And 
let no comforter,” &c. the editor of the ſecond folio corrected 
the errour according to his fancy, by reading— 
&« And let no comfort elſe delight mine ear.“ 
So, in Lowe's Labour's Loft, Vol. II. p. 369: © Old Man- 
tuan, who underſtands thee not, loves thee not. The words 
in the Italick character being inadvertently omitted in the firſt 


folio, the editor of the ſecond folio, inſtead of applying to the 


quarto to cure the defect, printed the paſſage juſt as he found 
it: and in like manner in the ſame play implicitly followed 
| | | - "the 


This 


ney + 
4 
bo Bo. d 


* 
4485 


8 5 
Ik 


; 2 
cf 


vp 
Fr. 
72 © 

2 

» Bs b 


1 


n 


pr EE FACE xxix 


This expletive, we ſhall preſently find, when I come 


> to ſpeak of our poet's metre, was his conſtant expedi- 


ent in all difficulties. 
In Meaſure for Meaſure he printed ignominy inſtead 
of ignomy, the reading of the firſt folio, and the com- 


F mon language of the time. In the ſame play, from 


his ignorance of the conſtable's humour, he corrected 
Fo phraſeology, and ſubſtituted inſtant for diſtant; (© at 


Y | that very diſtant time:) and in like manner he makes 


the errour of the firſt folio, which has been already men- 
= tioned, 


« O, that your face were ſo full of 0's—" 
ſons the omiſſion of the word not, which is. found in the 
| quarts, made the paſlage nonſenſe, 

So, in Much ado about Nothing, 

« And I will break with her. Was't not to this end,” &c. 
being printed inſtead of. 

« And I will break with her and with her father, 

& And thou ſhalt have her. Was t not to this end,” &c, 
| the errour, which aroſe from the compoſitor's eye glancing from 


| 5 one line to the other, was implicitly adopted in the ſecond folio. 


Again, in A Midſummer's-Night's Dream : 
« Ah me, for aught that I could ever 1295 | 
% Could ever bear c. 


L | the words Ab me being accidentally omitted in the firſt folio, 


3 SE 
f vi 


5 I p 


© inſtead of applying to the quarto for the true reading, he ſup- 
© plied the defect, according to his own fancy, thus: 
Hermia, for aught that I could ever read, &c.. 
Again, in The Merchant of Venice he arbitrarily gives us 
The ewe bleat for the lamb win you be bold, 


a inſtead of ö vat 1 10 ande 40 


2 1 


« Why be hath made the 6 ewe mbleariforche lamb.““ | 
See p. xxxi. Innumerable other inſtances of the 45 kind 
aht be produced, 


Dogberry 


| 
| 
| 
[| 


| 


r 
Dogberry in Much ado about nothing, exhort the watch 
not to be vigilant, but vigilant. 


Among the marks of love, Roſalind in As you Ne i 
mentions a beard: neglected, which you have not; — 


but J pardon you for that; for, ſimply, your Jang in 


beard is a younger brother's revenue.“ Not under- 


ſtanding the meaning of the word having, this editor 


reads your having 79. beard,” &c. 
In 4 Midſummer Night's Dream, Pyramus ſays, 
« I fee a voice; now will I to the chink, 
«« To ſpy an' I can hear my Thiſby's face.“ 
Of the humour of this paſſage he had not the leaſt 


notion, for he has printed, inſtead of it, 


I hear a voice; now will I to the chink, . 
To ſpy an' I can ſee my Thiſby's face. 
In The Merchant Venice, Act I. ſc. i i. we find i in the 
firſt folio, 
And out of doubt you do more wrong 
which the editor of the ſecond perceivin g to be 1 imper- 
fe&, he corrected at random thus: 


« And out of doubt you do to me more wrong.” : 
Had he conſulted the original quarto, he would have 


found that the poet wrote 


40 And out of doubt you do me noꝛo more wrong,” 


So, in the ſame play,—< But F mine, then yours,“ 
being cormptly printed inſtead of“ But 7 mine, 


then yours,” this editor arbitrarily reads But firſt © 


mine, then yours, 


Again, 


© | FN XXIII 


a 


Again, ibidem : 

Or even as well uſe queſtion with the wolf, 

; The ewe bleat for the lamb.” 

1 the words VM hy he hath made being omitted in the firſt 
folio at the beginning of the ſecond line, the ſecond 


x folio editor ſupplied the defect thus abſurdly : 


« Or even as well uſe queſtion with the wolf, 
« The ewe bleat for the lamb when you behold.” 


In Othello the word ſnipe being miſprinted in the firſt 


7 folio, 


« Tf T ſhould time expend with ſuch a /ape.” 


1 the editor not knowing what to make of it, ſubſtituted 


= /wain inſtead of the corrupted word, 
Again, in the ſame play, 


% F;r of my heart thoſe charms, thine eyes, are 


W blotted.” 


being printed in the firſt folio inſtead of—* Forth of my 
heart, &c. which was the common language of the 
time, the editor of the ſecond folio; amended. the cxrour 


1 according to his fancy, by reading 
For of my heart thoſe charms, thine eyes, are 


Again, in the ſarhe play, AQ V. ſe. i. not under- 


ſttanding he phraſeology of our authour's time, 


« Who's there? Whoſe noiſe i is this, that cries on 
murder? 


he ſubſtituted Whole noiſe is this, that cries out 1 mur- 
der?“ and in the firſt act of the ſame play, not perceiving 
the force of an eminently beautiful epithet, for“ deſarts 
ale, he has given us © — deſarts wild.” 


Again, 


*r FN FT ESE 
8 08 in that tragedy we fina— W rte 
© — what charms, Wn I 
„What conjuration, and W "Oy 
« (For ſuch proceeding I am charg d n 5 
« I won his daughter. 3 | 2 
chat is, I won his daughter with; F and: Fo the ito of 3' 
the ſecond folio reads, not knowing that this kind of 1 
elliptical expreſſion frequently occurs in this authours 
- works, as I have ſhewn in a note on the inſt ſcene: f 
. Gymbeline, and in other places. 0 
In like manner he bas corrupted the following Z 
paſſage i in A Midſummer-Night's Dream: : 158 1 
« So will I grow, ſo live, ſo die, my lord, 3 
« Ere I will yield my virgin patent up KH 
« Unto his lordſhip, whoſe unwifhed yoke 3 
My foul conſents not to give ſovereignty,” - = 
1. e. to give ſovereignty 1 Here too this editor haz 
unneceſſarily tampered with the text, and having con- "i 'S 
tracted the word unwiſhed,. he exhibited the line thus? 
« Unto his lordſhip, 7 hoſe unwiſh'd yoke | 
| 5 My. ſoul conſents not to Sire  fovercignty.” 
an interpolation which was adopted in the ſubſequent = 
copies, and which, with all the modern editors, I in- 
cautiouſly ſuffered to remain in the preſent edition 5. 1 
The grave- digger in Hamlet obſerves that your ta- 
ner will laſt you nine hear, and ſuch is the phraſeology 
which ee Ne attributes te his lower 


3 See Vol. VIII. p- 472, n. 33 vol. VII. 7.126 n. 114 and; 


Vol. IX. p. 469, n. 3. 
6 See Vol. X. Appendix, p. 57. 


— 
. 
— 


e ix 


AY TW 


WS 


$79, — Me OY, FIN $$ 
R 
bs We of 


PREFACE _ 


cCharacters; but inſtead of this, in * ſecond folio, we 
2 | find—* nine years. ; 


« Your {kill ſhall, like a ſtar i'the darkeſt * 
«« Stick firy off indeed, — 


ſays Hamlet to Laertes. But the editor of the 
7 ſecond folio, conceiving, I ſuppoſe, that if a ſtar appear- 
ed with extraordinary ſcintillation, the night muft 
= neceſſarily be luminous, reads“ 1” the brighteſt night: 
and, with equal ſagacity, not acquieſcing in Edgar's 
notion of © ' four-inch” d bridges, this editor has furniſhed 
him with a much ſafer paſs, for he reads. four-arch'd 
bridges. 


15 4 Henry VIII. are theſe lines: 


If we did think 
cM 3 contemplation were above the earth,. — 


Not underſtanding this phraſeology, and ſuppoſing that 
1 en require a noun in the plural number, he reads: 


If we did think 
« His contemplations were above the earth, Kc. 


YZ Again, in Troilus and Creſſida, Act IV. ſc. ii. 


« With wings more mementary-fwift than thought, 3 


9 This compound epithet not being underſtood, he reads: 


„ With wings more — fwifier than 
thought.“ | 

In The Taming of the Shrew, AEtI. . ii. Hank 10, 

deſcribing Catharine, ſays, 


Her only fault (and that is—faults enough) 
« Is,—that ſhe is intolerable curlt ;—* 


meaning, that this one was a hoft of faults. But this 
not being comprehended by the editor of the ſecond 


Vot, ; $ PART Fo ” C | folio, 


* 


xxxiv P R E F A C Ev 


folio, with a view, doubtleſs, of rendering the paſſage 
more grammatical, be nm * Tand that! is 8 
enough. 15 gol, ede 

So, in K. Lan, we W994 ha. you ee this 
noble gentleman ?*” But this editor ſuppoſing, it ſhould 
ſeem, that a gentleman could not be noble, or that a 
noble could not be a gentleman, inſtead of the PFiginal 4 
text, reads Do you know this nobleman? 


In Meaſure for Meaſure, Act II. ſc. W "Ng ad- 
dreſſing the Juſtice, ſays, *© I pray you home to dinner 
with me: this familiar diction. nat being .under- 
ſtood, we find in the ſecond folio, « I pray you | go * 
home to dinner with me.” And in Othello, not having 
ſagacity enough to ſee that apines was printed bye a mere 
tranſpoſition of the letters, for r Paines, 8 


44 Though I do hate him, as I do hell 4 apines,” m— 
inſtead of correQing the words he-evaded the difficulty by 1 


The Duke of l, in the W lune 77 


exclaims, hana 10 abe 
« That face of his the hun canniba he ae 
C „ Would not have . 2 oof not have Rain'd 
: with. blogd.” ik DER eb tics 
"Theſe lines being thus careleſsly : arrar ged. in the fiſt folio, 
e of Na e ... 
« The hungry cannibal would: not have rouch'd, 

" Woul not have ſtain'd with blood—” = 
the ene of "the ſecond tolio, leaving the firſt line 1 im- - 
perfect as he found it it, completed the laſl line by this | 1 
abſurd interpolation : : 3 

40 ; + ould not have ſtain 'd the ns juft with bloc d. 1 
_ e Tec 1 


1 » 
- = I 
_—_— 
. 1 
97 1 
* 1 
Y 3 8 
1 I 
-%F * $ e 
1 
Ta * 


1 NE F Al Cl E. xxxv 
Thnheſe are but a few of the numerous corruptions 


[i and interpolations found in that copy, from the editor's 
? © Ignorance of Shakſpeare's phraſeology. 15 
II. Let us now examine how far he was acquainted 
with the metre of theſe plays. 
In The Winter's Tale, Act III. fc. ii. we find— _ 
« What wheels? racks ? fires ? what flaying i ? boil- 
. 
4% In leads, or pils?ꝰ — 


3 


3 Noe knowing that fires was uſed as a aithlable, he 


added the word birning at th end of the line: 
«© What wheels? racks ? tices? what flaying? boil- 


1 8 ing! burning 3 
1 So again, in Julius Caſar, AQ UI. ſc. ii. from the 


ſame ignorance, the word all has been interpolated by this 


7 


editor: 


« And with the brands fire all the traitors? houſes.” 


| ; inſtead of the reading of the original and authentick copy, 
3 % And with the brands fre tlie traitors houſes.” 


Again „ in Macbeth: 
„ would, while it was ſmiling i in my face, 
« Have pluck'd my nipple from his boneleſs gums, 
And daſh'd the brains out, had 1 fo ſworn, 
« As you have done to this“. 


F ot perceiving that ſworn was uſed as a diſable, he 


1 
$578 


* . 


| Weads “ had I but fo ſworn.” 


XZ Charms our poet ſometimes uſes as a 2 WY two 901 
3 ables. Thus, in The Tempeſt, Act I. ſe. ii. | 


„ Curs'd be I, that did ſo! All the c haue dee 
ſtead of which this editor gives us, TENT OE 
“ Curs'd be I, that I did ſo! All the 1 &c. 


e 


rear in 75985 1 fonud no leſs than teventy-/fix words omitted, 


xxxvi PRO EYF A CY E- 


Hour is almoſt always uſed by Shakſpeare ag, a 
diſſyllable, but of this the editor of the ſecond folio, was 
ignorant; for inſtead of theſe lines in King Richard 11. 

, 6c So ſighs, and tears, and groans, E 

« Shew minutes, times, and Haurs: but my time... 

* a on, 3 & . 1f Nit eon 3 

e gives 1 —_ 
3 


285 ſighs, and a AE, Rn ere: Y 
5 A minutes, times, and Haften 0 but wy % 
time 7, Ke fm 21 bi E 


1 
1 4 I 15 
LW 


"Sag, in The Comedy Nef ,303tba 4 
« T'11 meet you in that place ſome hour, 5 ir, hence,” - 

of the original „ Þ 
« T'll meet you in that _—_ ſome hour hence. W 


5e = 
| 7 In | Meaſure for W. we find theſe lines : : | 7 
ny Thou! pb with'thy mr and Werne bolt, IS 

. < Splitt the unwedgeable and gnarled oak 
* Than thy ſoft mirtle,;—But mans, proud man,” &c. 


There can be no doubt that a w Fa was-omitted in thg laſt b 


line; perhaps ſome "epithet" to rtl But the editor of the 8 


frond folis, reſorting tens ufull expedient, abſardly' reads: 9 
e Thau the ſoft mirtle. O but man, proud man, — 
So, in 77 itus Androncus, Act III 75 ks 4 ii. complaynet being Hh 


corruptly printed i in cad of complainer, 


# £y * 


e e Login laſh thy thoughts, 
this editor, wit h equal a abſurdit ty, rende N = 

c Speechleſs cmpiuint, O I Gill Hearn hy thoughts. * 

I have 3 andigain had occaſion to mention in tlie notes 
on, aſt a een is of all the errors ofthe pre * 
that "hick- uently happens. On collating the fourth "F 
edition of Ning Richard 1. printed in 1612, with the fecond Y | 


f hs Again, 


. 


1 Again, in in The Winter's Tale, Act TN. ii. 


40 vifhing clocks more N 

„Hours, mi unter the noon, midi ight? and all 

? eyes, & c. Y 

Þ inſtead of the original er 

Hours, minutes? noon, midnight? and all eyes,” e. 

15 Again „in All's well that ends well, Act II. ſc. iii. 

9 „ Which challenges itſelf as honours born, 5 

þ And is not like the fre. Honours thrive,” &c. 

y his editor, not knowing that fire was uſed as a,  diffyl- 85 
Wable, reads: , 

And is not like the ſire, Zona beſt thine,” e. 

So, in K. Henry, II. PE,. J. Ii os ein 114 »» | 8 
i KReſcued is Orleans from the Engl. 1h.” 5 : 

Not knowing that Engliſh was uſed! as a vihhllable, he 
Y 1 das completed the line, which he ſuppoſed RE, 

; 3 en to his o] fancy, and reads? 

A « Reſcu'd is Orleans from the * Engliſh eber. 5 5 

F q The ſame play furniſhes us with. various other proofs. 

i We bis: ignorance of our poet's. metre. Thus, inſtead. of 

= <« Orleans the baſtard; Charles, Burgundy— 


4 > has printed (not knowing that Charles was uſed 45 1 
| 4 1 ord of two ſyllables,) 

Y 4 Orleans the baſtard, Charles, and Burgu = 

1 Rf So, inſtead of the original 1rading 21. tote! 19992 > 
* 3 s Divineſt creature, Aſtraza's daughter; : 2/4 7 
„ being uſed as a word of three & $1408). he bas 
„ 00 « Divineſt creature, bright ! 


* 


08 


* Nn KY „ 43 35 11 


s daughter. 


7 


Henry to be uſed as a a tiſyllable, gives us, 


XXXVIii P R E F A C E. 


Again, ibidem :' { nl 25 
«« Whereas the contrary trkngerh viſe”. 


Not knowing that contrary was uſed as a word of four 


ſyllables, he reads: ei ur be. 
WWhereas the contrary bringeth forth bliſs.” 
So ſure is uſed in the ſame play, as a * : 
40 Gloſter, we'll meet ; 3 to thy colt, be ſure.” 
but this editor, not aware of this, reads: 
| « Gloſter, we'll meet; to thy dear colt, be ſure,” 
Again, in K. Henry 2 . 


And ſo to arms, victorious father, — 


arms being uſed as a diſſyllable. But the ſecond folio 3 


reads : 


4 


« And ſo to arms, victorious noble father.“ 
Again, in Twelft h-Night, AQ * ſc. i. we find 
— when liver, brain, and heart, 


v Theſe ſovereign thrones, are all ſupply d, and fil 'd, 23 


(Her ſweet perſections) with one ſelf-king.” 


for which the editor, not knowing that perfeGions Was 


uſed as a quadriſyllable, has ſubſlituted— 
„% Ihen liver, brain, and heart, 


I 


40 Theſe ſoyereign thrones, are all ſupply'd, and fill d, 
(Her ſweet perfections) with $9: ſame a 


Again, i in K. Henry VI. P. II. 
« Prove fit, Henn, and thou ſhalt be king x: x | 
for which the editor of the ſecond folio, not "ERA | 


« But © 


in the metre, reads: 


* D NH N R , xi 

« But prove it, Henry, and thou ſhalt be king.“ 
In like manner due is uſed by Shakſpeare/as a tri- 
d ; ' ſyllable 3 in The Two,Gentlemen of | Verona; 3 Act II. ſc. iv. 
And that hath dazzled my reaſon's light. 5 
#Z inſtead of which, we find in the ſecond folio,  / 7 
And that hath dazzled fo my reaſon's light.. 
The words neither, rather, &c. are frequently uſed by 
E Shakſpeare as words of one ſyllable. So, in K. Howe 
VI. P. III. 

And neither by treaſon, nor hoſtility, 
I Toſeck to put me down—” 
1 for which the editor of the ſecond folio has ! us 
Neither by treaſon, nor hoſtility,” Kk. 
In Timon of Athens, Act III. ſc. v. Alcibiades | 


« Is this the balſam, that the uſuring ſenate 
= «< Piurs into captains? wounds? baniſhment ?” 
Þ The editor of the ſecond folio, not knowing that pours 
was uſed as a diffyIable , to complete the ſuppoſed defect 


1TH 44 CLEFT AF 


Js this the balſam, that the ulüring ſenate 
« Pours into captains' wounds! H baniſhmen! 5 


Tictled is often uſed by Shakſpeare and the contem- 
porary poets, as a word of 10 FNables. So, in 
K. Henry VI. P. II. e | 
» She's /iclied now; her fume' we no ſpurs?” 


inſtead of which, in the ſecond folio we have - 


= She's rang a her ee ane noi 
= 1 0 K 4 8 A8 baty df Zo, 


OY in Titus Andronicus, Act II. ſc. i. 
« Better than he have worn Vulcan's badge. * 
This editor, not knowing that worn Was "uſed | as a 
diſſyllable, reads: 
« Better than he have yet worn Vulcan' s badge.” 
Again, in Cymbeline, Act II. fc. v. a1 
_«« All faults that game, nay, that hell knows,why hers, 
« In part, or all; but rather all: for even to vice,” &c. 
Theſe lines being thus careleſsly diſtributed in the 
original copy,— 


46 We faults that name, nay, that hell "oY 8 
hy hers, in part, or all; but rather all:“ &c. 


the . of the ſecond folio, to ſupply the defect of 4 
the firſt, line, arbitrarily reads, with equal i ignorance of 1 


his author's metre and phraſcology, 


* Al] faults that; may be - named, 1 nay, that hell knows : 'F 


« Why hers,” Kc. 


1511: t 118 «#435 7 


In K. Henry IV. P. II. AQ I. fe. ii., ue "a 


20 184 


« And being now trimm d in thine own deſires, — 


inſtead of which the editor of the ſecond | folio, to re- 1 


medy a ſuppoſed defect in the metre, has 8 given us— 


646 And . MPR md up. in Sip, on. de. 


ſires.— Mie WIT} fl. 
Ae in As you like it, Act II. fe, i. 


he pierceth through 
5 : The body of city, country, courty—?? + . | 


inſtead of which we find in the ſecond folio, (the os 1 1 


* knowing that country was uſed as a riſyllable,) 


he 
il Pres 


AER 


6 94 

Ws 7 
Sf 
* 


. 1 1 — — S, . * "© 41 ® 
25 A : SE: » © b. 4 k 2 
7 P R E F A Ci E. xls 


«  — he pieiceth through nar nk. n 
« The body of city, the country, 1 
1 In like manner, in The UL nter” Tale, Acc J. &. i. be | 


ti: : 


s given us: _ »2baor slash 
Wc we knew not A 
4 « The doctrine of ill-doing, na nor ee . 
1 * any did: 5 Nr” 


x «FE 


1 Preſſing Pc Pe its, fay 


Y Rararin being uſed as a word of three ſyllables. : 


chan of Venice, 


$3) 4 
AS; 


55 
* _ " * 
0 : F 2 X L * M 

4 X 4 k - 4 S 

* 
{inf . 5 $ W 

. 4 , - * # * „r * x = 
* 4 _s 


we knew not _ * 
22 « The doctrine of ill-doing, nor dreatt' d, Kc. 


T9 


« Pay him ſix thouſand,” &c. ſays Portia, i in n The Mer- 


« Before a friend of ao aol; tion. 4 : \ , 7 
« Should loſe a hair through | Baſfanio' s fault.“ 


1 ne word hair being, uſed as a diſſyllaple, or Baſſanis 


Sas a quadriſyſlable. Of this the editor of the ſecond 
oo was wholly os, * therefore reads: & Jr 
|. 13 Should loſe a haic through » my Þ Baſlanio! J kaut. 
11 Ano Brits ns bm. gane 
4 In De Winter's $ Tale, Act V. be. il. Flotizel ad- 


Rom In an Bob © Joqq: i & YOM 
15 — my deſires 


2 F 1 A 
% Run not before mine e Honour; nor my fits | 


I E « Burn hotter than my faith.“ , 

K | XIE 7 

= To complete the laſt hermiltick, y BS ta is m Ss to 

= 3 eply, 1800 1 619901 IC 511 — 

| « () but, ſir, ug go VID to (boa Au 

e Your 3 clic, lo hoer 
3 Pee 3 this edito? betrays AS" RrotandE* of Shak! 

1 _-  ſpeare's 


: ͤĩ —— ˙ ——— 


_ P R E HA C K. 


. s metre; for not mw, burn was uſed as 
a gi 48 he reads— | : Dy blood} un 
O but, dear ſir,” Geet „eee eee 
Again, in King Henry VIII. Act II. [c. iii. the Old 
Lady declares to Anne Boleyn, | 


« bs 3 ſtrange; 2 three-pence bow'd would hire me, 
« Old as I am, to queen it.” 


But inſtead of this, hire not being perceived 1 to! be uſed I 
as a word of two ſyllables, we find in the ſecond folio, 1 
es 'Tis ſtrange; a three-pence bow'd 7 now would 5 2 


hire me,” &c. 
This editor, indeed, was even W 0 d the Oey 


we rk, 


4 


- Spirits, which by n mine art 


« have from their conf ine calld to o enact 
66 My preſent fancies, 8 


he exhibits the ſecond line 8 r 
I have from al their eanfnes call d to end, *. 
Again, in K. Lear, Act II. ſc. i i. inſtead 0. 


„To have the expence and waſte of his revenues, — 


the latter word, being, I ſuppoſe, differently accented 4 
after « our N death, "the mound of the ſecond folio has # 
0 e have the pl and Halte of cEvues.® 3 

Various other inſtances of the ſame kind might be 1 
e hh that I may not AH E readers, I will 
pr 3 


1484 1 4 a 


manner of accenting words, for i in The 7. APIs where | A 


p R E F A C E. xIiii 


8 | 7 . add, that no perſon who wiſhes to peruſe the plays 
1 9 Jof Shakſpeare ſhould ever open the Second Folio, or either 
yo! the ſubſequent copies, in which all theſe capricious 


_ i d 


End innovations. 
5 4 eare of ſuperviſing the ſecond folio was conſigned, 
ſhould have been thus ignorant of our poet's language: 
d 23 but it ſhould be remembered, that in the beginning of 
the reign of Charles the Firſt many words and modes 
d 2 of ſpeech. began to be diſuſed, which had been common 

zin the age of Queen Elizabeth. The editor of the 
„ ſecond folio was probably a young man, perhaps born 
jn the year 1600. That Sir William D'Avenant, who 
was born in 1605, did not always perfectly underſtand 
2X our author's language, is manifeſt from various alte- 
rations which he has made in ſome of his pieces, 
The ſucceſſive Chronicles of Englith hiſtory, which 
were compiled between the years 1540 and 1620, 
afford indubitable proofs of the .gradual change in 
our phraſeology during that period. Thus a narrative 
which Hall exhibits in what now appears to us as very 
uncouth and ancient diction, is again exhibited by 
Holinſhed, about forty years afterwards, in ſomewhat a 
2X leſs rude form; and in the chronicles of Speed and Baker 
in 1641 and 1630, aſſumes a ſomewhat more poliſhed 


in 1587, the editor thought it neceſſary to explain many 
of the words by placing more familiar terms in the 
margin though not much more than twenty years had 
elapſed from the time of their compoſition : ſo rapid 
vere at that time the changes in our language. 

1 


My 


alterations were adopted, with many additional errors 


It may feem ſtrange, that the perſon to whom the 


1 air. In the ſecond edition of Gaſcoigne's Poems printed 


— — — 


* Pi R EF A C E 


My late friend Mr: Tyiwhitt, d man 6f fuch Gan: 


dour, accuracy, and profound learning, that his" death 


muſt be conſidered as an irreparable loſs to literature; 


vvas of opinion, that in printing theſe plays the original 
ſpelling thould be adhered to, and that we never could 


be ſure of a perfectly faithful edition, urſleſs the firſt 


folio: 'copy was made the ſtandard, and actually ſent 
to the preſs, with ſuch corrections as tlie editor tight 
think proper. By others it was ſuggeſted, at the notes 
ſhould hot be ſubjoined to the text, but placed at the 


end of each volume, and that they ſhould be accompanied 


by'a complete Gloſſary. * The former ſcheme (that o 


ſending the firſt folio to the preſs) appeared to me liable 
to many objections; and I am confident that if the 
notes were detached from the text, many readers would 
remain uninformed, rather than undergo the trouble 
occaſioned by perpetual Aae from one part of a 
volume to another. 


In the preſent edition 1 haye,codeayoured to obtain 


all, the advantages which wauld have-reſultcd from Mr. 


Tyrwhitt's plan, without any of its inconveniences. 
Having often experieneect che faflaciouſfieſs of collation 


| by the eye, I determin&&"after T Had achufted the! text 5 CO 
the” beſt manner in may poker, 601 Pave "every M8 
1 6 the 1 


ſheet Uf ty Work ac Aloüs 115 ug peruſ 
firlt folio, fo ox. thol > Plays ys Which, firſt. appeared in that 


edition ; 2? 3 for alk; > arr had been previouſly . = 
printed, the felt: quarto dopy, excepting only i in the x 
inſtances of Nie Ne ry TV roles of Windſer, And Ning 

Heu Foowhithi being Either fketches or e | 


| | . could not be wholly relied on; and "ap ag 
7 Richard | 


<b 
N 8e 


PR R Ex N A CM E al 


4 Richard II. 8 earlieſt/ edition of which; tragedy 
Was not poſſeſſed - L bad at the ſame time before me 
n which I bad; formed of the variations between 
ide quartos and the. folio. By this laberious proceſs 
4 not 2 ſingle innovation, made either by the editor of 
4 ſecond folio, or any of the modern editors, could 
eſcape me. From the Index to all the words and phraſes 
bed or illuſtrated in the notes, which I have 
go to this work , every uſe may be derived which 
the moſt- copious Gloſſary could afford; while thoſe 
Feaders who are leſs intent on philolcgical inquiries, by 
che notes being appended to the text are relieved from 
e irkſome taſk of ſeeking information in a differnt 
volume from that immediately before then. 


a 4 If it beaſked, what has been the fruit of allthis Tiboul, 


I anſwer, that many innovations, tranſpoſitions, &c. 
have been detected wy this means; . hundred emen 


14061 1 , 


e Ac the time the tragedy of ihe" Richard TIT. was in he 
1 u'll I was chliged to make uſe bf the ſecond edition printed 
1 1598 ; hut have ſince been furniftied with the edition of 
597, which I have collated verbatim, and the 195 material 
Y pariations, Are noticed ig the Appendix. oh 1 . % IM 5 
o If the explication of. any x. ord or ꝓhraſe ſhould appear un: 


= K.ufaiory, the reader, by turning to the Gloſſarial Index, 
3 may know at once "Whether ©; any a ition . has 
been obtained on the ſubjest. Thus, in ae. Vol. IV. 


392, Dr. Warburton's erronedus interpret ien of the 
|: Ae blood-bolter'd is inſerted ; hut the true explicarion of that} 


| wh term may be found in the APPENDIS. 080 of the 
Phraſe, « 


0 ill you take 8 for ang in "= Winter's Tales 
nd 8 others. TOS 
a a OS C00 Denen od, ad 708 bluo eig 


dations 


xlvi P N Ez F AJ CA Eg T 


- dations have been made ?,. and, I truſt; a genuine text has 
been . Wherever any deviation is made from 
the 


Leſt this aſſertion ſhould be 3 to be made without 
evidence, I ſubjoin a liſt of the reſtorations made from the ori 
ginal copy, and ſupported by contemporary uſage, in two ⁊ ñ 
plays only; The Winter's Tale, and King Fobn. The lines in 
the Italick character are exhibited as they appear in the edition 
of 1778, (as being much more ag. printed than that of 


N - * - 


oat: edition, = 
Taz 8 8 88 1 
1. I give you my commiſſion, g 
„Jo let him there a month. P. 293. 

I'll give im my commiſſion, 
„To let him there a month.“ P. 125. 


8 be know not 1 1 

e The doctrine of ill-doing, no, nor dreamd—"" P. 295 b 
we know not | | : 
«© The doctrine of il]-doing ; nor dream*'d—"" P. 126. 

3. As &er-dy'd blacks;\as winds, as awatersz—""" P. 300. 

« As o*'er-dy'd blacks, as wind, as waters e . 130. 2 

4. As ornament oft does.” P. 30: a 
As ornaments oft do“ P. 130. 

The original copy, "with a diſregard of grammar, reads— 
dc As ornaments oft does. This inaeturacy has been con- 
ſtantly corrected by every editor wherever it occurs; but the 
correction ſhould N be made in the verb, and 1 not in the 
noun. | WE 

* Have you not—thought (for ee 7 
g Refides not in the man that does not think it) 
cc My wife ic Nippery P. 408. 
«© Have you not—thought (for cogitation 
ce Reſides not in the man that does not think) 
* My wife is ſlippery?” P. 138. 


6, LPT 


P R E F A C E. xIvii 


ö A 7 he authentick copies, except! in the caſe of mere obvi- 

| Dos errors of the preſs?, the reader is apprized by a 
note; 

1 FF 83 ewiſhing 1 more ſevift? 

- % 66 Dre e minutes? the noon NE ? and all 8 

Gü—ü9—G— — viding clocks 1 an | 
n | 
7 66 „Aare minutes? noon midnight? and all eyes, —“ 


f 'Y Alt bag ne ett P. ogy 
7. — Ay, and nets who may. ſt ſee 

„ Hbao I am gail d,—thou might'ft be-ſpice a cup, — 
5 „ | g. 309. 
9 CC | Ay, and Cn as may'ſt ſee 
| How am galled, - might ſt be-ſpice a cup. — P. 140. 
383. — I'll keep my ſtable where 
- « I hage my au ife j— „ P. 325. 

Us 10 I'll keep my fables where 


=. a» \ BED : 
3 N I lodge niy wife; ed WP 9. © Reliſh 
. = F 7 N N 7 mT” 8 5 _— 
0 2 That IL may . _— underſtood, I 1 fbjoin a few of 
; 5 =o unnoticed, corrections 
| In K. Henry VI. P. I. Act I. 0 W 
3 « Thy promiſes are like Adonis“ gardens, 
1 «© That one day bloom Ain and fruitful were the next. 
The old copy reads garden. Py 
e in K. ere Act IV. feaiine 6 eee 
7 5 4 that ebw ee fi dg eee 
1 Dt ſhew the mood of a much- troubled breaſt,” 2 
The old copy reads—Do, | 
© Ibidem, ART. ſc. i LO OS e W 
1 « *Tis too reſpective, 0 — bociable, Ke. 6 | Fo 
3 the old copy, * Tis iwa A Ke. 1 | 


5 r 

—— . 2 — — — — = 2 >> Z l = \ 
CHEE —— — — FR; . 9 - — 5c pom — — 
2 — — = — — — 4 © + - — 27 oo = — wa 
— — 2 — * — _ — 2 — 

© SO IO. — —— — 
"+ - — — — 
* — * — 8 
* —— - _ - 


zh P REF ACE. 1 
note; and every emendation that has been adopted, i: 4 
aſcribed to its proper author. When it is conſidered Þ 


that 
ge © Reliſßb as truth like us.” 5 317. 


c Reliſh @ truth like us.” P. 156. 2 


10. “ And I beſeech you, hear me, who profeſt—” P. 333 3» 
« And I beſeech you hear me, who profeſſes—"" P. 362, " 


11. © This ſeſſion to our great grief," P. 343. 
ee This ſeſions to our great grief," P. 150. 


32. © The bug which you will fright me with, 1 ſeek „* 


P. 347 
«© The bug which 7ou wwould fright me with, J ſeek.” 
P. . 


The old copy reads it. 


The old copy has Comes. | | - 


— —— — 
— — 
* — py 


a note, and aſcribed to its author, 


9 


pl 
*:% 
4M 


\ at. in the ſame ys we find in the origins! COPY» 
« Againſt the 7zuoluerable clouds of heaven.” — 


In K. Henry V. Act V. ſc. ii | 
„ Corrupting in its own dung. A 


In Timon of Athens, Act I. ſc. 12. 


& Come, ſhall we in?“ 1 


Thidem : “ Even on their knees, and e. 
The old copy has band. 


In Cymbeline, Act III. er. 

«© The handmaids of all women, or, more truly, 
Woman its pretty ſelf,” _ . 
The old copy has ir. 1 

It cannot be expected that FRIES mould e encumbere 
with the notice of ſuch obvious miſtakes of the preſs as ar 
here enumerated. With the exception of errors ſuch as theſe, 
whenever any emendation has been adopted, it is mentioned in 


3 PRAEPVT AA E. 


8 3 & that there are one hundred thoufand lines in theſe plays, 
i; 4 Sand that it olten was — to conſult ſix or ſeven 


2 q ; volumes, 
W x 3. te You here foal ot apo the > ferred of juſtice, 
1 | P. .349- 
3 « You here ſhall ſwear upon this ſword of juſtice," 
2 
' P. 277. 
; 5 „„ © The ſeſſion ſhall proceed. 5 349. 
1 « The ſeſions ſhall proceed.” P. 178. 
1 1 15. % Mpich you knew great; and to the certain bazard 
. I „ Of all incertaintias - P. 350, | 
* 9 . & Which you knew great, and to the 3 
5. « Of all incertainties— P. 179. 
CH 4 


— 2 | Soi word was undoubtedly omitted at the preſs ; prov. 


"Wine in an imperfect Rate, than to adopt the interpolation made 

yy the editor of the ſecond folio, who has introduced perhaps 

as unfit a word as could have been choſen. 

16. Through my dark ruft! and how his piety—" P. 360, 
6. Thorough my ruſt! and how his piety— 1 79. 


The firſt word of the line is in the old copy by the miſtake of 
| he compoſitor printed Through . 
17. % O but, dear fir,— » P.q75. 
« O butts A P. 200: 
18. Your di ſcontenting father T'll Arive : 7 qualify,” 


«© Yourdiſcon tenting father ſtrive to qualify," P. 224. 


„I thought it were not à piece of honefty to acquaint 
the king withal, I would do it. P. 4. 


1 © If I thought it were a piece of honeſty to acquaint 
1 the king withal, Tad not do it. P. 229. 25 

e, * Doff thou think, for that 1 infnuate or toze p. 402. 
in . Dot thou think, for that T info ute and toze—" 

P. 231. 

vor. r Pak r I. - | 22, © You 


3 bly fearful or doubtful ;) but I thought it better to exhibit the 


P. 401. 


—— — 


— «ðꝰ˙ 2j“ cos. Ä— 


1 


PREFACE 


volumes, i in order to aſcertain by which of the preced+ 
ing NN; from as time of the publication of the 


” * 4 
” 
— 


23 · 


24. 


25 · 


2. 


2 


4 Once more to look on n bin. 


— 
* 


ſecond 


21. You might * . a thouſand 6 P. 414. 
* You might have /pokex a thouſand things," P. 235. 


« Where we offend her now, appear—" P. 417. 
« Where we offenders now appear P. 237» 


t Once more to look on. 
c« Sir, by bis command, — P. 420. So 


15 
VP. 


4 By his command," P. 240. 


95 
.. 


(© — ke a aveather-beaten conduit. 8 42 5. 
6 — like a weather · bitten conduit.“ P. 246. 


— 75¹ your ſon-in-law, | 
& And 1 unto the king, who, bang directing, 
cc TI; troth-plight to your daughter.” F Bo $370 | 


= ov 
4 


66. This your ſan- in- law, 5 5 
And ſon unto the king, (whom heavens directing,) 


. Is wecker to your daughter.“ . 2 75 


Ke 1 


Ei . 


e Which fault lies oi on the' Vazard % "TY F. ro. 


& Which fault lies on the bazards of all huſbands.” 


F. 451. 
ce Tig toc 8 1 700  faciable, 


Fl For our converſng.” P. 14. ET 
= Tis too reſpective, and too ſociable, 
For your converſion.” P. 456. 


* Thus leaning on my elbow, —" P. 16. 
« Thus leaning on wine elbow,.— P. 457. 


'& With them a baflard of the king deceas'd. 6s p. * | 
With them a baſtard of the ing deceas d. P. 464. 


1 That thou haft under-wrought its lawful king. P. 26, 


c * That thou haft under-wrought h lawful . - 
bL 
$2 4» Say 


4 


NEF Ii 


-” 


fecond folio, each emendation was made, it will eaſily 
be believed, that this was not effected without much 


trouble. : | 
Whenever 


6. * Say, ſhall the current of our right run on? P. 37. 
. Say, ſhall the current of our right roam on? P. 476. 


| 7. © And now he feafts, mouthing the fleſb of mien,— * P. 38. 
* And now he feaſts, ouſing the fleſh of men, 
5 P. 477 


2. & A greater power - thaw Yew? P. 39. | 
1 A greater power than awe—" P. 478. 


9. 5f For grief is proud, and males his owner ſtoop.” P. 52, 
© mou grief is proud, and makes his owner flout.” 
P. 492. 
10. that a nan would ſpeak theſe words to me | 1 P. + 52. 
« O, that a man ſoould ſpeak theſe words to me!” 
| P. 497. 


11. 4 Ist not amiſs, when it is truly done? P. 64. 
&« Is not amiſs, when it is truly done. P. 504. 


Then, in deſpight of broad-ey'd ewatchful day.— P. 72. 
« Then, in deſpight of brooded watchful day,. — P. 512. 


13. % A whole armado of collected fail.” P. 74. 
6A whole armado of convicted ſail.” P. 5 14. 
4. And bitter ſhame hath oil d the fevcet world's tafte.” 
FE PF 79. 
= And bitter ſhame hath ſpoil the ſweet <vord's taſte.” 
. 519. 
5. % Strong reaſons nale dag Sie p. 21. 2 
8 .Þ Strong reaſons. make - frange actions. P. 522. 


46 Muſt male a ſtand at e e highneſs vill. 
P. 89. 


er * Doth make a land at what your bighnels will,” * 
_ bi «> 1 * 530, 
ns © 4 2 4% Had 


Th 


PN N E. N W GA 


Whenever I mention he od copy in my notes, if the 


| pay 


be one originally 55 in en 25 mean the firſt 
| quarts 


17. © Had none, my lord! why, did not you a provole mes? 


P. 96. 


4 Had none, my lord! why, did you not provoke me?“ 


18. 
29. 
20. 


21. 


22. 


23. 


24. 


25. 


26. 


46 Againſt the mind, “ P. 565, 


"K's 536. 
« Mad'ſt it 20 caſtes to defiroy a king.” P. 97. 
Made it no conſcience to deſtroy a king.” P. 337+ 


&« Sir, fir, impatience has its privilege.” P. 102. 
ce Sir, fir, impatience has his privilege.” P. 541. 


&« Or, when he doam'd this beauty to the grave. P. 102. 
6 Or, when he doom'd this beauty to a grave, — P. 541+ 
&« To the yet-unbegotten ſins of time.“ P. 102. 

cc To the yet-unbegotten fin of times. P. 541, 
And breathing to this breathleſs excellence, — P. 102. 
And breathing to 4s breathleſs excellence, — P. * 


15 4 your ſupplies, which you bave havin d fo long,— 
1. 

« And your fab. which you have wiſh d ſo jong, — 
| nf 2 1 os s of 561. 

&« What's that to 3 FI may on demand—" P. 122. 

«© What's that to _ ? + I my uot J demand 
P. 562. 

Ng o, my Revd PEI NEWS ; fitted t to the night.” P. 223. 

4% O, my ſweet fir, news fitting io {he night.” P. 563. 

% Death, having prey d upon the outward parts, 

% Leaves them ; inviſible his fiege zs 700 

«© Againſt the mind," P. 124. 


« Death, having prey'd upon the outward parts, . 
« Leaves them inviſible; and his ſiege i 1s now | 


. 27. * The 


RR E FFA C E. Iii 


quarto copy; if the play appeared originally in folio, I 
mean the firſt folia; and when I mention the old copies, I 
mean the firſt quarto and firſt folio, which, when that 
expreſſion is uſed, it may be concluded, concur in the 
ſame reading. In like manner, the folio always means 
the firſt folio, and the quarts, the earlieſt quarto, with 


the exceptions already mentioned. In general, however, 
the date of each quarto is given, when it is cited. 


27. cc The ſalt of them is hot.“ P. 125, 
„ The falt ia them is hot.” P. 568. 

Two other reſtorations in this play I have not ſet down: 
8 Before we will lay down our juſt-borne armg—"? . 
and AR II. fc. ii. 

40 Be theſe ſad Jigns cc confirmers of thy word.” 
Act III. ſc. i. 
becauſe 1 bebte them out on a mes dedabon; 

It may perhaps be urged that ſome of the variations in theſe 
liſts, are of no great conſequence; . but to preſerve our poet's 
genuine text is certainly important; for otherwiſe, as Dr. 
Johnſon has juſtly obſerved, © the hiſtory of our language will be 
loſt ;*” and as our poet's words are changed, we are conſtantly 
in e of loſing his meaning alſo. Every reader muſt wiſh 
to peruſe what Shakſpeare wrote, ſupported at once by the 
authority of the authentick copies, and the uſage of his con- 
temporaries, rather than what the editor of the ſecond folio, 
or Pope, or Hanmer, or Warburton, have arbitrarily ſubſtituted 
m its place, SOS 


Let me not, however, wie. miſunderſtood, All. theſe varia- 
tions have not been diſcovered by the preſent collation, ſome 
of them having been pointed out by preceding editors; but 
ſuch as had been already noticed were merely pointed out: the 
original readings are now eſtabliſned and ſupported by the uſage 
of our poet himſelf and that of his contemporaries, and re- 
ſtored to the text, inſtead of being degraded to the battom of 


the page. | 
| d3 N 


I 


Jiv E R E E A GC E. 


Where there are two quarto copies printed in the ſame 
year, they are particularly ee and the . 
tions noticed, 


\ The two great "duties of an editor are, to . op 
genuine text of his authour, and to explain his obſcurities. 
Both of theſe objects have been ſo conſtantly betore, my 

eyes, that, I am confident, one of them will not be 
found to have been neglected for the other. I can 
with perfect truth ſay, with Dr. Johnſon, that“ not a 
fingle paſſage in the whole work has appeared to me 
obſcure, which I have not endeavoured 10 illuſtrate.” 
T have examined the notes of all the editors, and my 
own former remarks, with equal rigour ; and have endea- 
voured as much as poſſible to avoid all controverſy, _ 
havi ring conſtantly had in view a philanthropick _ : 
vation made by the editor above mentioned: 
know not (ſays that excellent writer) why our a 
- ſhould, with ſuch implacable : anger, perſecute their pie: | 
deceſſors. Ot vexpot wn Jaeyeaw, t 52 dead, it IS true, Can 
make no reſiſtance, they may be attacked with great 
ſecurity ; but ſince they can neither feel nor mend, the 
ſafety of mauling them ſeernis greater than the pleaſure : 
nor perhaps would it much miſbeſeem us to remember, 
amidſt our trinmphs over the nonſehſical, and the  ſenſele eſs, 
that we likewiſe are men; that debemur + morti, and, as 
Svriſt obſerved to Burnet, ſhall ſoon be among the dead 
ourſelies,”| Bs 
I haue in general given the true explication of a pallie, 
by whomſoever made, without loading the page with 
the preceding unſucceſsful attempts at elucidation, and 
by this means have obtained room for much additional 
„ EK fory as on the one hand, J truſt very few 


A 


TN ly 
ſuperfluous « or unneceſſary annotations have been admit- 
ted, ſo on the other, I believe, that not a ſingle valua- 
ble explication of any obſcure paſſage in theſe plays 
has ever appeared, which will not be found in the fol- 
© Towing volumes. 


The admirers of this poet will, I truſt, not LENS 
18 the great acceſſion of new notes in the pre- 
ent edition, but examine them with ſome degree of 
pleaſure. | An idle notion has been propagated, that 
Shakſp peare has been buried under his commentatars ; and 
it has again and again been repeated by the taſteleſs and 
R the dull, te that notes, though often neceſſary, are neceſſary 
evil.“ There is no perſon, I believe, who has an 
higher reſpect for the authority of Dr. Johnſon than. I 
have; but he has been milunderſtood, or miſrepreſent- 
ed, as if cheſe words contained a general caution to all 
the readers of this poet. Dr. Johnſon, in the part of 
his preface here alluded to, is addreſſing the young reader, 
to whom Shakſpeare 1 is new; and him he very judici- 
$7 7 to « ; 0d every y play from the firſt ſcene to 


1 


neh integrity and corruption; 3 let him — his 
comprehenſion of the dialogue, and his intereſt in the 
fable. But to much the greater and more enlightened 
part of his readers, (for how few are there compara- 
tively to whom Shakſpeare is new!) he gives a very 
different advice: Let them to whom the pleaſures of 
novelty have Sealed. of a a dete, and read the 
commentators,” . . 
During the era 5 eee e ca- 
pricious innovation, notes were indeed evils; while 
d 4- one 


„ P R E F A C E. 


one page was covered with ingenious ſophiſtry in ſup- 
port of ſome idle conjecture, and another was waſted 
in its overthrow, or in erecting a new fabrick equally 
unſubſtantial as the former. But this era is now hap- 
pily paſt away; and conjecture and emendation have 
given place to rational explanation. We ſhall never, 
I hope, again be told, that . as the beſt gueſſer was the 
beſt diviner, ſo he may be ſaid in ſome meaſure to be 
the beſt editor of Shakſpeare . Let me not, however, 
be ſuppoſed an enemy to all conjectural emendation; 
ſometimes undoubtedly we muſt have recourſe: to it; 
but, like the machinery of the aneient drama, let it not 
be reſorted to except in caſes of difficulty ; ni dignus 
vindice nodus. I wiſh (ſays Dr. Johnſon,) we all con- 
jectured leſs, and explained more.” When our poet's 
entire library ſhall have been diſcovered, and the fables 
of all his plays traced to their original ſource, when 
every temporary alluſion ſhall have been pointed out, 
and every obſcurity elucidated, then, and not till then, 
let the accumulation of notes be complained of. I 
ſcarcely remember. ever to have looked into a book 
of the age of Queen Elizabeth, in Which 1 did not find 
ſomewhat that tended to throw a light on theſe plays. 
While our object is, to ſupport and eſtabliſh what the 
poet wrote, to illuſtrate his phrafeology by comparing 
it with that of his contemporaries, and to explain his 
fugitive” alluſions to cuſtoms long ſince diſuſed and for- 
gotten, While this object is kept ſteadily In view, if 
even every line of His plays were accompanied with a 
comment, every intelligent reader would be indebted to 
the induſtry of him who produced it. Such uniformly 
. , . obfte 7. 
Newton's Preface to his edition of Milton. oY iff 


17 
_- 3 


FR-E F A. CB Ivii 
has been the object of the notes now preſented to the 
publick. Let us then hear no more of this barbarous jar- 
gon concerning Shakſpeare's having been elucidated into 
obſcurity, and buried under the load of his commentators. 
Dryden is ſaid to have regretted the ſucceſs of his own 
inſtructions, and to have lamented that at length, in con- 


ſequence of his critical prefaces, the town had become 
too ſkilful to be eaſily ſatisfied. The ſame obſerva- 


tion may be made with reſpect to many of theee: 


objectors, to whom the meaning of ſome-of our poet's 


moſt difficult paſſages is now become ſo familiar, that 


they fancy they originally underſtood them * without a, 
prompter; and with great gravity exclaim againſt the 
unneceſſary illuſtrations furniſhed by his Editors: nor 
ought we much to wonder at this; for our poet himſelf 
has told us, 

s common proof, 

« That lowlineſs i is young ambition's ladder, 

Whereto the climber upward turns his face; 

« But when he once attains the upmoſt round, 
He then unto the ladder turns his back; 
Looks in the clouds.” — — | 
J have conſtantly made i it a rule in reviſing the notes 

of former editors, to compare ſuch paſſages as they have 
cited from any authour, with the book from which the 
extract was taken, if I could procure it; by which ſome 
inaccuracies have been rectified. The incorredt extract 
made by Dr. Warburton from Saviolo's treatiſe on Ho- 
nour and Honourable Quarrels, to illuſtrate a paſſage i in As 
you | like it, fully proves the propriety of ſuch a collation. 


At the end of the tenth volume I have added ah | 


. containing correRtions, and ſupplemental 
obſervations, 


y viii PREFACE 


obſervations, made too late to be atinexed to the plays to 
which they belong. Some object to an Appendix; ; bur, 
in my opinion, with very little reaſon. No book can 
be the worſe for ſuch a ſupplement; - ſince the reader, if 
ſuch be his caprice, need not examine it. If the ob- 
jector means, that he wiſhes that all the information 
contained in an Appendix, were properly diſpoſed in 
the preceding volumes, it muſt be acknowledged that 
ſuch an arrangement would be extremely deſirable: but 
as well might he require from the elephant the ſprightli- 
neſs and agility of the ſquirrel, or from the ſquirrel the 
wiſdom and ſtrength of the elephant, as expect, that an 
editor's lateſt thoughts, ſuggeſted by difcurſive reading 
while the ſheets that compoſe his volumes were paſling 
through the preſs, ſhould form a part of his original 
work; that information acquired too late to be employ- 
: ed 1 in its proper place, ſhould yet be found there. 
That the very few ſtage- directions which the old 
copies exhibit, were not taken from our authour's ma- 
| nuſcripts, but furniſhed by the players, is proved by one 
in Macbeth, AQ TV. ſc. i. where „ peu of eight 
kings” is directed, and Banquo laft, 701 4 ola aſs in his 
band; though from the very words which the poet has 
written for Macbeth, it is manifeſt that the glaſs ought 
to be borne by the eighth king, and not by Banquo. 
All the ſtage · directions therefore throughout this work I 
have conſidered as wholly in my power, and have regu- 
lated them in the beſt manner I could. The reader 
will alſo, I think, be pleaſed to find the place in which 
every ſcene is ſuppoſed to paſs, preciſely aſcertained : 
a ſpecies of information, for which, though it often 
throws light on the it we look in vain in the 
; ancient 


I” OD > Wn gy ce — 
. . 


P. R E. F. A; C. Es lix 


ancient copies, and which has been too much vetdegel | 


by the modern editors. 


T he play of Zericles, Prince of Te, Which i is now - 


once more reſtored to our authour, I originally intended 

to have ſubjoined, with Titus Andronicus, to the tenth 
volume; but, to preſerve an equality of ſize in my 
volumes, have been obliged to give it a different place. 
The hand of Shakſpeare being indubitably found in that 
piece, it will, I doubt not, be conſidered as a valuable 
acceſſion; and it is of little conſequence Wee it 


| —_— WIT 
It has long been thought that Trtus Kabel was 


not written originally by Shakſpeare; about ſevent 


years after his death, Ravenſeroft having mentioned that 
he had been „ told by ſome anciently converſant with 


the ſtage, that our poet only gave ſome maſter- touches 


to one or two of the principal parts or characters. The 
very curious papers lately diſcovered in Dulwich Col- 
lege, from which large extracts are given at the end of 
the Hiſtory, of the Stage, prove, what I long ſince 

ſuſpected, that this play, and theFirft Part of K. Henry, 
were in poſſeſſion of the ſcene when Shakſpeare began 
to write for the ſtage; and the ſame manuſcripts ſhewz 
that it was then very common for a dramatick poet to 
alter and amend the work of a preceding writers The 
queſtion therefore is now deciſively ſettled 3- and un- 
doubtedly ſome additions were made to both theſe pieces 


by Shakſpeare. It is obſervable that the ſecond ſcene 


of the third act of Titus Andronicus is not found in 
the quarto copy printed in 1611. It is therefore 
highly probable that this ſcene was added. by our 

aauthour; 


authour; and his hand may be traced in the p 

act, as well as in a few other places !. Fn 
which he made to Pericles. are much more numerous, 
and therefore more ſtrongly entitle it to a place among 
the dramatick pieces which he has adorned by his pen. 
With reſpect to the other conteſted plays, Sir John 
c Olacaftle, The London Prodigal, &c. which have now for 
near two centuries been falſely aſcribed to our. authour, 
the, manuſcripts above mentioned completely clear him 
from that imputation; and prove, that while his great 
modeſty made him fet but little value on his own 
inimitable. productions, he could patiently. endure. to 
have the, miſęrable traſh of other writers publickly im- 
puted to. him, without taking any meaſure to vindicate 
his fame. Sir John Oldcaftle, ve find from indubitable 
evidence, though aſcribed i in the title-page to“ William 
Shakſpearc,” and printed i in the year 1600, when his 
fame was in its meridian, was the joint · production of 
four other poets; MIchacl Dra ton Anthony ke 


1 5 F 25 e Vltöns 85 0 


4; 16 95757 1 K. 7 
5 4 If ever the account- 3 of Mr. 8 hall be. 45 
eh we mall . y find in it—< Paid to William Shak- 
pear e 5 JD ng ot dndronicus. 8 See Vol. 1. Fart II. 
A «= fy nd 1. bauten wr at tin x ah. 
835 [540 E boog v7! 15 * 


PP R N H A CI E. Wi 


now extant. Any diſquiſition therefore concerning theſe 
controverted pieces is here unneceſſary. 
Some years ago I publiſhed a ſhort Eſſay on the 


economy and uſages of our old theatres. The Hiſtorical 


Account of the Engliſh Stage, which has been formed 
on that eſſay, has ſwelled to ſuch a ſize, in conſequence 


of various reſearches ſince made, and a great acceſſion of _ 


very valuable materials, that it is become almoſt a new 


work. (f / theſe the moſt important are the curious 


papers which have been diſcovered at Dulwich, and 
the very valuable Office- book of Sir Henry Herbert, 
Maſter of the Revels to King James and King Charles 
the Firſt, which have contributed to throw much light 


on our dramatick hiſtory, and furniſhed ſome fingular 


anecdotes of the poets of thoſe times. 


Twelve years have elapſed ſince the Eſſay on the 
order of time in which the plays of Shakſpeare were 
written, firſt appeared. A; re- examination of theſe plays 
ſince that time has, furniſhed Me with ſeveral particulars 
in confirmation of what I had formerly ſuggeſted on this 
ſubjeR. On a careful reviſal of that Eſſay, which, I 
hope, is improved as well as conſiderably enlarged, I had 
the ſatisfaction of obſerving that I had found reaſon to 
attribute but two plays to an era widely diſtant from that 
to which they had been originally aſcribed ; and to make 
only a minute change in the arrangement af a few others. 

Some information, however, Which has, been obtained 
ſince that Eſſay was printed, in, its preſent form, inclines 
me to think that one of the two plays which I allude 
to, The Winter's Tale, was a ſtill later production than 
1 have — for I have now good reaſon to believe 

that 


* ” 
_- 6 = 2 
1 2 
— 


—ä — — 


— 


that it was firſt exhibited in the year frz. 4 and chat 


conſequently i it muſt have been one of our poetꝰ 9 lateſt 
walks. | 


Though above a century and a half has capfed ſince 
the death of Shakſpeare, it is ſomewhat extraordinary, 


(as I obſerved on a former occaſion,) that none of his 


various editors ſhould have attempted to ſeparate his 


genuine poetical compoſitions from the ſpurious perſor- 


mances with which they have been long intermixed; or 


have taken the trouble to compare them with the ear- 
lieſt and moſt authentick copies. Short! y after his death | 


a very incorrect impreſſion of his poems was iſſued out, 


which in every ſubſequent edition, previous to the year 
1780; was implicitly followed. They have been care- 
fully reviſed, and with many additional illuſtrations are 
now a ſecond time faithfully printed from the original 


copies, excepting only Henus and Adonis, of which I 


have not been able to procure the firſt impreſſion. The 


ſecond edition, printed in 1596, was obligingly tranſ- 
mitted to me by tlie late Reverend Thomas Warton, 


n 


of whoſe friendly and valuable 1 I was 


to be iſſued SEL the preſs. It is painful to recollect 
how many of (I had almoſt ſaid) my coadjutors have 
died Nince the preſent work was begun: the elegant 
ſcholar, and i ingenious writer, whom 1 have juſt men- | 


much pleaſure, and whoſe ſtamp could give a value 
and currency to any work. 


<4 
NY 
— — 


4 See Bmendations and Aion, Vol, I, Part IL, p. 286. 
With 


RU 


E tioned ; Dr. 8 Johnſon, and Mr. Tyrwhitt: "iz men, from ; 
whoſe approbation of my labours I had promiſed myſelf. 


. 


Pi: © E: F- OE Ixil 


With the materials which J have been ſo fortunate as 
to obtain, relative to our poet, his kiridred, and friends, 
it would not have been difficult to have formed a new. 
Life of Shakſpeare, leſs meagre and imperfe& than that 
left us by Mr. Rowe: but the information which I 
have procured having been obtained at very different 
times, it is neceſſarily diſperſed, partly in the copious 
notes ſubjoined to Rowe's Life, and partly in the Hiſ- 
torical Account of our old actors. At ſome future time 
I hope to weave the whole into one uniform and con- 
nected narratly * 


My! inquiries having been nn on a to the- 
very moment of publication, ſome circumſtances rela- 
tive to our poet were obtained too late to be introduced 
into any part. of the preſent work. 0 theſe due ale 
will be made hereafter. | 


The prefaces of Theobald, Hanmer, and Warburton, 
1 have not retained, becauſe they appeared to me to 
throw no light on our authour or his works: the room 
which they would have taken up, will, I an be 
found occupied by more valuable matter. ü 


As ſome of the preceding editors have juſtly been 
condemned for innovation, ſo perhaps (for of objections 
there is no end,) T may be cenſured for too ſtrict an 
adherence to the ancient copies. I have conſtantly had 
in view the Roman ſentiment adopted by Dr. Johnſon, | 
that © it is more honourable to fave 2 citizen than to 
deſtroy an enemy,” and, like him, bn have been more 
careful to protect than to attack.” #'T do not wiſh the 
reader to forget, (fays the ſame Ou that the moſt” 


y 4 - N * 

Ix. #5 a L e P ,. 13 347 en cCommodious 
1 

» 


— 


Ixiv P. R E F A CA R 


commodious (and he might have added, the maſtforcible 
and elegant) is not always the true readings,” On this 
principle I have uniformly proceeded, having reſolved 
never to deviate from the authentick copies, merely be- 
cauſe the phraſeology was harſh or uncommon. Many 
pallages, which have heretofore been conſidered as 
corrupt, and are now ſupport by the uſage of con- 
| temporary writers, 11 . the n of this 
caution ?. ä | MSRP A goat: 


6X. Henry IV. P. II. 
7 See particularly The Merchant of Venice, val. Ur. p. 462 ; 
That many may be meant 
e By the fool multitude.” 
with the note there, and in the Appendix, p. 90 0 1 
We undoubtedly ſhould not now write - 
- 66 But, left If de guilty to ſelf- wrong. 
yet we find thi in The Comedy of Errors, Vol. II. 


p. 1717, and it i ted by our poet's own authority i in the 
Appendix, p. 569. See alſo The Winter's Tale, TOW IV. p. 257: 
6646 This your \on-in-law, _ 
e And ſon unto the king, (whom heavens ane 
« Is troth · plight to your RN” 


Meaſure for Meaſure, Vol. II. p. 962 — to be Gables, —. 
f Coriolanus, Vol. VII. p. 239, n. 5; and Appendix, p. 662: 
t Which often, thus, corredling ads ſtout heart,” &c. 
Hamlet, Vol. IX. p. 204 * $4; - 
7 « That he might not e the winds of heaven” fads 
4s you. like it, Vol. III. p. 154, n. 7; and enen p · . 2 
My voice is ragged; | 
Cymbeline, Vol. VIII. p. 472, n.3: _ . ee 
© Whom heavens, in juſtice, (both on her and Ng 
% Have laid moſt W a. = 
__ 


p R E F A C FE. luv 


The rage for innovation till within theſe laſt thirty 
years was ſo great, that many words were diſmiſſed from 


our poet's text, which in his time were current in every 
mouth. In all the editions ſince that of Mr. Rowe, 
in the Second Part of King Henry IV. che word channel” 


has been rejected, and Fennel ſubſtituted in its room, 


though the former term was commonly employed in the 
ſame ſenſe in the time of our authour; and the learned 


Biſhop of Worceſter has ſtrenuouſſy endeavoured to prove 


that in Cymbeline the poet wrote - not ſhakes, but ſhuts, 


or checks, © all our buds from growing * ;” though the 
authenticity of the original reading is eſtabliſhed beyond 
all controverſy by two other paſſages of Shakſpeare. 2 
Very ſoon, indeed, after his death, this rage for inno- 


vation ſeems to have ſeized his editors; for in the year 
1616 an edition of his Rape of Lucrece was publiſhed, 


which was ſaid to be newly reviſed and correfted ; but in 
which, in fact, ſeveral arbitrary changes were made, 
and the ancient diction rejected for one ſomewhat more 


modern. Even in the firſt complete collection of his 
plays publiſhed in 1623, ſome changes were undoubt- 
edly made from ignorance of his meaning and phraſe- 
ology. They had, I ſuppoſe, been made in the play- 
houſe copies after his retirement from the theatre. Thus 


A UI. fe. i, © —throw the quean in the channel. 


In that paſſage, as in many others, I have ſilently reſtored the 


original reading, without any obſervation; but the word, in 
this ſenſe, being now obſolete, ſhould have been illuſtrated by 


a note. This defect, however, will be found remedied in King 
Henry YI. P. II. Act II. ſc. to. 


« As if a channel ſhould be call'd the a. 
2 Hurd's Hor. 4th edit, Vol. I. p. 55. 


Vor. „ e in 


bt  FPFB ET AQ E 


in Othello, Brabantio is made 40 call to his domeſticks to 
raiſe . ſome ſpecial officers of mig: inſtead of 44 offi- 
cers of night; andithe phraſe of all louet, in the ſame 


58 play, not being underſtood, * for love's fake”? was ſub- 


ſtituted in its room. S0, in Hamlet, we have ene ever for 
or eber, and rites inſtead of the more ancient word, 

crumts. In King Lear, Act I. ſc. i. the ſubſtitution * 
Goes thy heart with this ? inſtead of Goes this 
with thy heart? without doubt aroſe from the ſame 
chuiſe. In the plays of which we have no quarto copies, 
we; may be ſure that ſimilar innovations were made, 
though we have now no certain means of detecting them. 


After what has been proved concerning the ſophiſtica- 
ons and corruptions of tlie Second Folio, we canmot 
be ſurpriſed that when theſe plays were re- publiſhed by 
Mr. Rowe in the beginning of tHis century from a later 
folio; in which the interpolationis of the former were all 
preſerved, and many new ęerrours added, almoſt every 
page of his work was, diefigured: by. accumulated. cor- 
ruptions. In Mr. Pope's edition our authour was not 
lefs miſreprefented q for though by examining the oldeſt 
3 detected forme exxours, hyſhis numerous fan- 
citul alterations the poet was ſo completely modernized, 
that Pam confident, had be; 4 xe-yiſited the glimpſes 
of the magn, he, would, not have, underſtood his own 
works. From the quartos indęed 2 few, valuable reſto- 
rations were made; but all, the adyantage that was 
thus htained, was, Outweighed, by eee 
trapſpoſtigns, and interpolations. ol Of , 1914 9 v | 
The readers of Sha ſpeare bein g Ae with thes 
Uiberties taken by Mir. Pope, dde ſobleguent edition of 


17 2 Was * becauſe he profeſſed to 
6 


petitor, and illuſtrated a fee paffages by extracts from 


the writers of our poet's age. That his work ſliould at 
this day be confidered of any value, only ſhews how 


long impreſſions will remain, when they are once made; 
for Theobald, though not ſo great an innovator as Fops, 
was yet a Conſiderable innovator; and his edition being 
| printed: from that of his immediate predeceſſor, while'a 
few arbitrary changes made by Pope. were detected, 
innumeruble ſophiſtications were ſilently adopted. His 
khowfedes of the contemporary authours was ſo ſeanty, 
that all the illuſtration of that kind diſperſed throughotit 


his volumes; has been exceeded by the reſearches. which 
have ſince been made for the puryale of nen | 


a ſingle play. | 
Of Sir Thomas Harimqrd it is only neceſſary to ay 


what he adopted almoſt all the innovations of Pope, 


adding to them whatever caprice dictated. 
To him ſucceeded Dr. Warburton, 4 lick, who 


(as hath been fad of Salinafins) ſeems to have erected 


his throne on a heap of ſtones, that he might have 
them at hand to throw at the heads of all thoſe who 
paſſed by. His unboinided licence in ſubſtituting his 
own chimerical coniceits in the place of the abthoir's 
genuine text, las been ſo fully 1 mewn by his reviſers, 
that T ſuppoſe no critical reader will ever again” open 
his volumes. An hundred ſtrappadoes, coiling 10 an 
Italian comick writer, would not have induced Petrarch, 
were he living, to ſubſcribe to the me##ins fich cer- 
tain commentators after his death had by > their gate 
extorted from his works. It is a eatiotis ſpeculation to 
nd Oy many thouſand would have been 'reqt 


E 2 


* 


— — 


e 10 
nadhere to the ancient copies more ſtrictly than his com- 


— — ——k— — — — — 


nattient 6f the eighteenth" century ; 


KRvili PI R EA F. ACI EI 
fow this editor- to have inflied:owourigreat dramatiok 
poet for the ſame purpoſe; The defence which has been 
made for Dr. Warburton on this ſubject, by ſome of his 
friends, is ſingularανσπο He well knew, it has been 
ſaid, % that much the greater part of his notes do 
nut throw any light on the poet of whoſe Works he un- 
dertooks the reviſion, and that he frequently imputed to 
2 a meaning of which he never thought; but 
the editor 8 great object was to diſpla 10 his 220 learn- 
ing, not to illuſtrate his authour, and this end che #5 
tained; x for in ſpite, of all the clamour again him, h his 
work. Faß to his reputation as.a ſcholar. e it iy 
then; b 3, but one of his admirers Ever dare, 10 unite 
his name wit 15 of Shaklpeate; and let us at! ik 
be allowed to Wonder, that the Nabel editor ſhould have 
Rad ſo little reſpe& fon the greateſt poet that has appear- 
ed ſinee the days of Homer) as toi uſe a commentary 
on his works merely as A. ulkingahorſe; under the Pre. 


Jentation of zu hieß he'mip hr fhooÞ ius tu. i Doe 


5 At length the taſk of Atviſitig thefe plays was tinder- 
talten by one, whoſe! extrabrdinnt) Powers 'of mind, as 
they rendered Him the Adrhirätie 585 conterdf polaries, 
Wall trahifunt his tate to pot ty a8 the bfi gte Wo 


4 
1 


And Will aulit it 
without competition, if we except a great orator, philo- 
ſopher, and ſtateſman *,, now. living, whole talents and 


virtues Are, an honour to human nature. In 1 765 Dr. 
Bots edition! Which Had long been meh 
5 250 Ka deen to che publick. His admitable 
ace eil. 4þs Me Kine compoßtilon! in our f Jabguage 0 
to —— vet © 01955 fie oft | 


1ST ebene Bm Burke, 1 D2 TRY T6 


wimbs : | 0 be 


PI R E F A! O E: Ixix 


his happe) and in general juſt, characters of theſe: plays, 
his refutation of: the fulſe gloſſes of Theobald and War: 
burton, and his numerous explications of involved and 
difficult paſſages, are too well known; to be here en- 
larged upon: and therefore I fhall only add, that his 
vigorous and comprehenſive underſtanding threw more 
light on his authaur than all his predeveſſors: hail e 


En one 6bletvation, however, c concerning « our Þ po get; I 12 
not ehtirely e concur with him. © Tt is not (he k 010K 0 
| very Statefült to conſider how little the ſucceſſion of editors 


has added to this authour's power of pleaſing. wh He was 
read, admired, ſtudied, and imitated, while he was yet 
Kformed with all the improprieties which Ignorance 


and neglect could accumulate | upon, him.“ bots 


FILL 


Ks certainly was read, admired, ſtudied, and imitated; 
at the period mentioned hut ſurely not in the ſame 
degree as at preſent. The ſucceſſion of editors has 
effected this; it has made him undetſtood ; it has made 
him popular z it has hem every one who is capable of 
reading, how much ſupexior he is not only to Jonſon 
and ne whom. the. bad taſte gf the laſt age from 
the time of the Reſtoration 10 che end of the, century ſet 
aboye e ſug er the dramatick poets of Wee : 


{/g6 MIRLE politus 1y9qrmoo Tworty; 


ec Ridet anhelantin Aulfu au osfligia tu dun. wilgot * 


Ck 280 « 6 AS. Ut 117 1101 — 1 24 7 


Every authour who pleaſes muſt i pleaſe eg more 
25; he is more underſtood, and there can be ng doubt 
that Shakſpeare is now, infigitely better undexſiood. than 


he was in the laſt century. To ſay nothing of the pe 


at * it is clear that Drydem Rirfelf, tg a great 


e 3 : - admirer 


eople 


hy F N EI FI AT Oi Ei 


admirer of our poet, and D' Avenant, though he wrote 
forthe ſtage in the year 1627, did not always underſtand 
him. The n books which are neceſſary to our 
115 3 {| : 61185 > % JL j 109 T3316 218K: NY in authour's 
inet 
1 06 The tongue in general is ſo much refined ſince Shak» 
ſpeare's time, that many of his words, and more of Hs phraſes, 
are ſcarce intelligible,” Preface to Dryden's'Trotus nud Ureſida. 
The various changes made by Dryden'in-particalaripaſſages 
io that play, and by him and D' Avenant in the 7. empeft,, prove 
deciſively that they frequently 0 not underſtand our poet's. 
language. | | ; : 


Inhis. Defence of the Epe 1 to hs Conqueſt of ee, ; 
Dryden arraigns Ben Jonſon for uſing the perſonal, inſtead of 
the neutral, pronoun, and unfear*d for unafraid : 


„ Though heaven ſhould ſpeak with all bis wrath ; at once, 8 


0x We ſhould ſtand upright, and unſear'd. go 


1 a+ his Chat be), is ill Gotax with heaven, and by unfear'd 
he means ungfraid; words of. a quite, coptraryſſignification.— — 
He perpetually uſes, forty. for gate, which is.an affefted error 

in him, to introduce Latin y the loſs of the Engliſh idiom.“ 
Now his for its, homents ill t Nn may. be, was the com- 
mon language of the time; und to fie in he fenſe of to fer- 
| rify, is found not only in al ehe pots; but in every dictionary 
of that age. With reſpect to porte, Shakſpeare who will not 
be ſuſpected of affecting Latinifms;! frequently employs that 
word in the ſame ſenſe as Jonſon has done, and as probably the 

whole kingdom did; for the word is ſtill ſo uſed in Scotland. 


D' Avenant's alteration of Macberb, and Meaſure for Meuſure, 
furniſn many proofs of the ſame kind. In The Law agaiaf 
Lowers, which he formed on a ag about nothing and Mea- 
Jure. * Meaſure, are theſe. lines : : 
nor do I think, © 


5, 


44% +# * 2 1 * ph 
$1.4. IWF © 
* 1 * 


1 


5 The pr prince has "Hh: Seen who affes 3 93550 


"of 


Ssdiog & iG1 Ihn wood ai cond 5 - The 


PI RD E, FI NM GAR Ixxi 


autheur's illuſttation, were of ſo little account in theit 
time, that What now we can ſcarce procure at any 
eee then the furniture of the nurſety or the 

Un fifty years after our poet s death, Dryden 


mentions 
The pa * patla ſſage i imitated isin Meaſure for Meaſiire: | = ® 0 
N Nor do 1 think the man of Aries N51 
2921 1 That does affect a vd oh oy 210T 


"puter language had been well undertood, the epithet 
ſufr would hot have been rejected. See Othello: 


ce My blood begins my fafer guides to rule; 
6 And paſſion, having my belt FOR e ” A. 


85 alſo Edgar, in King Lear: | | 3 
cc The ſafer ſenſe wml ne 'er accommodate 5 | gre _ 


£877 SHE un: 


'« His maſter thus. 
| ging #1 blaodt N 


Ian an TETRIS 


The price of books at different periods may ſerve in ſome 
meaſure to aſcertain"the taſte and particular ſtudy of the age. 
= the ſale of Dr. Francis Bernard's' library i in 1698, the fol- 


S 


114707 „I 


löhing books Wete lold ur the gone ked pries: 


Y I 14108 Y 7 


4123 N 515 0 * | 913 va a „1g. "6 


1105 $113 R een XS! F C 9.＋ ee net ud wok 


| Gomerde Confeſſions Amantis. ane ls 163406 136, ofie 
Now. ſold; for two guineas. ni yin fon bayot e. A 


- Clixton'vRevgegl Fof the hiſtories of Troy, 1502. 0. 3. 0. 
— Chronicle England. . 0. 
Hall's Chronicle „ Of 5 4 


| Grafton's Chronicles! + {=o 0 bib DD 644 40. 


- Holinfhed's. Chronicle, 128877 0N0i1:61%tls g- cs. 
I his book is now frequently ſold fon ten guineas. ,..;1 
430) . e A R 1 8 per sd-Amdw dA 

Turberville on hawking and hu rer SHE Pede 
Copley's Wits, Fits, and Fancies. I 102 97 8 0 
r s Art of Engliſh Poel. 255 Soafg 04 2 . 


This book is now uſually ſold for a gained. 
e & Powel's 


—— — — — 88 —— ———— — 


- 


| 2 10 


(iff we except the few Wich Wete Collected by Mr. 


Ixxit PREFACE 


mentions; that he. was hen become 4,@.(i/tlabſolete,”? 
In the begjpning of the preſent centurꝝ LonlShakelbury, | 
N his, ** rude unpellſbed (files) and his aN 
S pbraſe and, pit , and not long afterwards, | 
y informs us that he had been rejected from ſome 
mo odern collections of poetry on aceount of, his cſolete 


* hence could theſe repreſentations have pro- 

þ but. becauſe our poet, not being diligentlyudied, 

not St compared, with, the aten ASA ry rer, 
Was not underſtood? 11 he had been read, admired, 
ſtudied, and imitated,” in the ſame degree as he ig now, 


the enthuſiaſm of ſome one or other of his admirers in 


the laſt age would have induced him to make ſome 


inquivies concerning the hiſtory of his theatrical career, 

and the anecdotes of his private life.” But no ſuch 

perſon was found; no arixiety in the Publick ſought 
out any particulars eonterttiy] n after the Reſtoration, | 


* 


Aubrey, ) though at that time the Riſtöry of his Hife muff 


have been known to m ny for His ter Joan Hart, 


who muſt have known much öf 5 N years, did not 

die tin 1646: his favoutrite4: 197 Mrel Fall, lived 
till 1640; and His fecont” dalight . Judith, was living | 
at Stratford-upon-Avon in the 1 of the 2 


- 


2185 Aade to. nontetrifobs gd 110 s 
| Pbwel's' Hiftoryof Walk? vfb. 00 . 
e eee the pute 6 bf Pleaſiie, o. 0, 4. 
th [13d thoi Sn 
ue te. 0% oly mes of Painter“ 8 Palace of Pleaſure are now 
oda j. old for "three CLAD is hs et 1 


o1q doum ef An 


9120) hos : inſane * TA O0. Ax 2 . 2315 
- Metanibtpliols of Ajax,” by" Sir John Har- TE 1 ff 


4 3s Sid: 1 LVF ell 047! F If Ja, ..* 
12.361 Tin 22 5 | it chi 2 o, Os; 4. 
1G 21 71 10 N b ih} £14 bags: IICIENG? 1 Free 


5 
4 
5 
f 


„ E e. Ixxiit” 


1662. Hg md-daughter, Lady Barnard, did not die. 
til 1670. Mr. Thofttas Combe, to whom Shakſpeare 
2 his ſword,” ſurvived our poet above forty 
years, fi ed at Stratford in 1657. His elder brother 
— — nibe lived till 1667. Sir Richard Biſhop, 


who was bort in 1585, lived at Bridgetown near Strat- 


ford till 1672; and his ſon Sir William Biſhop, who 
was born in 1626, died there in 1700. From all theſe” 
perſons without doubt many circumſtances relative to 
Shakſpeare might have been obtained; "but that Was 
age as deficient | in Iterary curioſity as in taſte. 


- It is. Jemarkable that in a century after our poet's 
death, five editions only of his plays were publiſhed 
which probably conſiſted of not more than. three thou 


ſand copies. During the ſame period three editions of 


the plays of Fletcher, and four of thoſe of Jonſon, had 
appgared- On the other hang, from the year 1716 to 


the preſent time, 2 is, in ſeventyrfour years, but, two 
editions, of the former writer, and one of the latter, 


have been iſſued rom the preſs; 5 While above thirty 4 


thouſand ;copige/ of... hakſpeare have been diſperſed 
e K land ?, That, mearly,as many, editions of 


[13 10 Salt a 2d Hr novf.-noqu-Daghs the 

5 Nan our high admiration of Shakſpeare, we 
are yet without a ſplendid edition of hi werks, Wich the illuſ- 
trations which the united efforts of vazious;commentators; have 
contributed; while in oth countries the 10 re 
rations date been lavihed on their dilting aſh ed. |; P9Fts. The 
editions of Pope and Hanmer, may, Dit a almoſt às much pro- 
priety, be called their works, as thdſe of. Shakſpeare; and there- 


fore can have no claim to. be admitted into any elegant. library. 


Nor will the promiſed edition, with. engravin $4, undertaken. 


byte Alderman Boydell, 8 this defect, or it is not to 
1 | be 


* 


AF ITY 


Etna 


— — 


* r — —-—̃— — 


n N N E4 F AC Br 


the works of Jonſon as of Shakſpeare ffiould have been 
demanded in the laſt century, wilt not appear ſurprizing; 
when we recollect what Dryden has related ſoon after 
the Reſtoration: that , others were then generally pre- 
ferred before him “.“ By others Jonſon and Fletcher 


were meant. To attempt to "OP" to the readers of 
| 210 11 —¹¹⁹ 79 101 LUO $113 A* 19 510 1106 oil 5 the 


1101 5 


be accompanied With notes. At "(ime cal *k nd 0 very 
diſtant, time, I mean to furniſh the publick, with; n legant 
edition in quarto, (without en e in which the text of 
the preſent edition ſhall be followed, with the illuſtrations ſub- 


joined in the ſame page. . 
4 In the year 164, whether from a capricious view 1 
tude in the public taſte, or from à general inattention to the 
drama, we find Shirley nene alat 850 came to ſee our 
A ED qr od ADM. sees 
cc FI Me e 25iimongq DOA 
% What audience we have: . company 
te To Shakſpeare comes ? whole mirth did onge beguile 
e Dull hours, and butkiy* d made even eee 
% So lovely were the wounds, th at men wo! day M 
„They could endure the e a Whole day. 02 52 


« He has but ine rien rl N Ss 
| i 3 Prologue tc Te, Fifters. 


6c Shakſpeare to 8 was K abs beſt jeſt lies 
« Pth' lady's queſtions, and the fool's replies; 
4 Old- faſhion'd wit, which walk'd from town to . 
4 In trunk hoſe, which our fathers call'd the clown ; 
ﬀ Whoſe wit our nicer, times would obſceneneſs call, 

* And which made bawdry paſs for comical, 
« Nature was all his art; thy vein was free 
. As his; but withoit his ſcurrility.”” * 

Verſes on Fe by William Cartwright, OY : 


After the Reſtoration, o on the revival of the theatres, the 


plays of Beaumont and Fletcher were efteemed ſo much ſu e. 


rior to thoſe of our avthour, that \ we are told by Dryden, te two 
3 of 


R E FACE! hay 


che preſent day the abſurdity of ſuch a preference. 
n ew to their underitandings- | When we 
5jis 16001] 91819 h 710 1 de 1 29110791 387 naw 
of their pieces were acted, through the year, for one of Sbak- 
ſpeare s. If his teſtimony, needed any cee pra fe the n 
lowing verſes would afford itz, c f, οσν] e 5194 
In our old plays, the bumour, 5 and paſſi ion, 
„ Like doublet, hoſe, and cloak, are out of faſhion ; TE 
% That which the world call*d wit in Shakſpeart's age, 
. 15 s Jaugh'd” at, as improper for our ſtage . 


4 


{ti Tit » 141% 


e 10111111; 3:5; Prologue to Shirley's Lowe Tricks;, 1667. 
98 At every as, while Shakſpeare's lofty ſtite 

e Neglected lies, to mice and worms a ſpoil, 
Gilt on the back, juſt ſmoking from the preſx 
„The apprentice ſhews you D' Urfey's Hudibra,ů 


« Crown's Maſk, bound up with Settle's choiceſt * 
66 And promiles ſome. new eſſay of Babor's.” 
„ enge ind SATIRE) publiſhed in x689. | 


© —againft old as well as new to rage, 
« 18 the peculiar frenzy of this age. 
e Slidkfpcare muſt down, and ou muſt praiſe no more 
cc Soft ae n s, nor the jealous Moor: 
&« Shak ſpeare, whoſe fruftful genius, happy wit, 
„ Was Ramm and finiſh'd at a lucky hit, 
«« The pride of nature, and the ſhame of ſchools, © 
Born to create, and not to learn from, rules, 30 
«« Mutt pleaſe no more: his baſtards now deride 
4 Their father's nakedneſs they ought to hide. 
Prolegue by Sir Charles Sedley, to Fr 72 
| Widow, 1693. 3 


To the. honour of Margaret Ducheſs of Newcaſtle be it 
remembered, that however fantaſtick in other reſpects, ſhe 
had taſte enough to be fully ſenſible of our poet's merit, and 
was one of the firſt who after the Reſtoration publiſhed a very 
ee See her Sociable Letters, | folio, 31664, p 244. 5 

- endeavour 


, hb 


hai Pj Ry E Pi AT CA E; 


endeavour to trace anything hike) a grbund for this 
prepoſterous taſte, we ate told of Fletcher's egſe, and, 


Jonſon's learning. Of hom ittle uſe his learning was 


to him, an ingenious writer of our own time has ſneum 
with that vigour and animation for which he was diſ- 


tinguiſhed. Jonſon, in the ſerious drama, is las much 


an imitator, as Shakſpeare is an original. He was 
very learned, as Sampſon was very ſtrong; to his own 
hurt. Blind to the nature of tragedy, he pulled down 
all antiquity on his head, and buried himſelf under 
it. We ſee nothing of Jonſon, nor indeed of his 


aqmired (put alſo murdered), ancients; for what ſhone 


in, the. hiſtorian is a cloud on the poet, and Cutiline 


might have been a, good play, if Salluſt had never 
5 Written. ico 219119 Te Mins ret ei 


10 3 ON Ju 1 910 | | $39 
„ Who Knows whether Shakſpeare might not have 
thought leſs, if he had read more? Who knows if he 


might not have laboured under the load ef Jonfon's 


learning, as Enceladus under Etna? His mighty 
genius, indeed, through tie moſt mountainous opprefſion 
would have breathed but ſorne of this inextinguithable 
fire yet poſſibly he might not habe riſen up into thut 
giant, that much mare than : common man; at Which 
we now gaze with amazement and detight. ' Perhaps 
he was as ilenrned as his drartiatick province required; 


for Whatever ther teatning. he wanted, he was maſter 


ready though books which the laſt conflagration 


alone ican deſtray; the book of nature, and that of 


; 1 1011 IETI 


II ; ; - » 
Wan eon oflw yas wot Sligig og. 31s! 


3 Conjectures on Original Compoſition, by Dr. Edward You ng. 
| Z LN "BG 


FFP E F A & E ev 


To this andi the other æncbmiums on our great poet 
which will be:foand in tlie following pages, I ſhall not 


attempt to make any addition He has juſtly obſerved, 


that 280 9m Ano 110 10 191% 200 Meant ig NO Of 
To guard a title that was rich before, 
Wuff gild refined gold; to paint the lily / 

To throw a perfume on the violet, 

To ſmooth the ice, or add another hue 1 


, the rainbow, or with taper- light nu 


To ſeek the beauteous eye of heaven to, garpiſhs 
Is waſteful and ridiculous exceſss. 


Sy Fet me, however, be permitted' to rematk; thut be. 
ide all his other tranſcendent merits, he was the great 
refiner and poliſher of our latiguage. His e6mpound 

epithets, his bold metaphors, the energy of his Expteft 
ſions, the harmony of his numbers, all theſe render the 
language of Shakſpeare one of his principal. beauties. 
Unfortunately monemof lis letters, or other proſe com- 
poſitions, Hot in dramatick form, have reached 


poſterityg but ift any of them ever {hall be diſcovered, 
they will, Lam confidemstnhibit the ſame perſpicuity, 
the ſame cadence, the ſame alggance and vigour, Which 


we find in; his plays W ö nds and phraſes, ſays 
Dryden, © muſt of neceſſity receiue a change in ſusgeed - 
ing ages; but it ig almoſt ab miracle, that much of his 
language remains ſo pure; and trat he Hh began dra: 


matick poetry amongſt us, untaught by any, and, as 
Ben Jonſon tells us, without / learting, wal by the 


force. of his own genius perform ſo much, that in a 


manner he has left no praiſe for any who come alter 
him,” 


V & 5 , * 4 0 x — E 

A x EN * *” - I _— » *, 4 44 8 — 2 A % & 4s : < 

2 1 F 0 2 33 Cy 5 ; > Ss : | - * 4 N « 4 i * N * * 7 1 * Wy 8 . * * n 

* * G * 1 12 . k 
= 


— 


FEE —— — 


viii: P R E F A GE. 
In theſe preſatory obſervations my principal object 


was, to aſcertain the true ſtate and reſpective value f 
the ancient copies, and to mark dut the courfe which has 


bern purſued in the edition now offered to the publick. 
It only remains, that I fhould return my very ſincere 


acknowledgments to thoſe gentlemen, to whoſe good 


offices L have been indebted in the progreſs of my work. 
My thanks are particularly due to Francis Ingram, of 
Ribbisford in Worceſterſhire; Eſq. for the very valua- 
ble Office-book of Sir Henry Herbert, and ſeveral 
other curious papers which formerly belonged to that 
gentleman; to Penn Aſheton Curzon, Efq. for the uſe 
of the very rare copy of King Richard III. printed in 
1g 9/y/; to the Maſter, and the Rev. Mr. Smith, libra- 
rian, of Dulwich College, for the Manuſcripts relative 


to one of our ancient theatres, which they obligingly 


tranſmitted to me; to John Kipling, Eſq. keeper of 
the rolls in Chancery, who in the moſt liberal manner 


ditected every ſearch to be made in the Chapel of the 


Rolls that I ſhould require, with A wiew to illuſtrate 

the hiſtory of our poet's life and to Mr. Richard 
Clarke, Regiſtrar of the- dioceſe of Worteſter, WHO 
with equal liberality, at my requeſty inade many ſearches 
in his office for the wills of various perſons. I atn alſo 
in a particular manner indebted to the kindneſs and 
attention of the Revi. Mr! Davenport, Vicar of 
— Ar hag: who moſt obligingly made every 

nquiry im thit town and" the neighbourhood,” which'T 
faſted” as Hkely to throw any 11 on the Ei er. 


ici 


Shakſpeare. 


” « * x? 2 
I deliver 
Ae . 

- 189 „ „ 


P R E F A C E. Ixxix 


Dol. * book to the world not witliout anxiety; 
conſcious, however; that L have ſtrenuouſfy endeavoured 
to render it not unworthy the attention of the publick. 
If the Jeſcarches which have been made for the illuſtra- 
tion of our poet's works, and for the diſſertations which 
accompany the preſent edition, ſhall afford as much 
entertainmebt to others, as I have derived from them, 
1 ſhall conſider the time expended on it as well em- 
ployed. Of the dangerous ground on which I tread, 1 
am fully ſenſible. Multa ſunt in his ſtudiis (to uſe 
the words of a venerable fellow-labourer © in the mines 
of Antiquity) cineri ſuppoſita dalaſa. Errata poſſint eſſe 
multa a memoria. Quis enim in memorie thefauro om - 
nia ſimul fic complectatur, ut pro arbitratu ſuo poſſit 
expromere ? Errata poſſint eſſe plura ab imperitia. Quis 
enim tam peritus, ut in taco hoc antiquitatis mari, 


eum tenipore oolluctatus: ſcopulis non allidatur? Hæe | 


tamen a te, humaniſſimæ: lecton tua humanitas, mea in- 
duſtria, patriæ Charitas, et HAK S EARI dignitas, mihi 
exorent, ut quid mei {ib jndicii ſine aliorum præjudicio 
libere proferam; ut eãdem vid qua alii in his ſtudiis 


ſolent, inſiſtam; et ut erratisſi ego agnoſcam, tu ig- 


noſcas.” / Thoſe, hof are the warmeſt admirers of dur 
great poet, and molt, converſant with his writings, beſt 
know the difficulty of (ſuch; a work, and will be moſt 
ready to pardon, its, defects z/ remembering, ithaticinnalh. 
arduous undertakings it, is eaſierſto concave. than to a 
compliſh; that “ the. will is infinite, and the executions; 
captined; that the Aired is bagels andtheaaflaver! 


to limit.“ SIR Aale 


QUEENSANNE-STREET, EAST, 


October 25, 1790. | 
IS Camden; 


| 


„ 
—— 


+ 
— . —˖—＋ð1?1ð7vwꝗ 
—— aa. ̃ — es re nd 


—ñ:ß—ͤ— ß — ö —mD—— — OOO ND — 


—ͤ—E—Sjͤ — — — 3 — — — — rr 


— 
2 — — 


2 
” 
4 
4 , — 
1 . " . 
* * 
* o . 
' 
* - hs „ 
7 - 
* 
, 
- 
* c 
. * 
0 ' 
* — on % 
. 
* 
ba * 
* * 4 
% 
* * 6 
> . 
* - 
% p W's 
4 LN 5 [2 
o 
* ' . 
4 
; 
a ” 
5 
. 
. 
« — 4 
” 0 
» 
. 
„ * 
* o * * * 
$74. * 
* 4 % 
* 
. . 
” i . 
"I. * 
* * s 
> . - * 
* 
' 
- 
* 
* 
= * 
* % 
4 
* 
» 
# 
. 
. | 
0 4 
4 
" 
* 
. * 
0 
* 
„ 15 1 2 
* * id 
4 
* 
a 
„ 
. 
> . 
- 
. 
- * 
— 
* 
, 35 4 8 2 
8 8 nn * 1 — * denn 8 —— — As Se ˙ů˙ ˙ů˙⁵èBvͤ V— 


A — 


e — 


Wu! 
1% 
WI 

WHT 


* 
o 
4 
. 
i 
i, 


' 
1 * 
"1 
eo 
t 


, N 
ih 
N 


ot 
oy 


i 


c 


- 
2 


. 


. -— 
3 


— 
—— — 
—— - 


— 
— — 
— 


. 


0 


5180 


= 
& o 
- -- 
CISKISL > 
2 onion eat; 
2, CR 
— 


Hab lirſied as the Act directs by J Rivington & Farmers, 1Nne 17 | 


— 

LES 

= a0. 

-—— 
- 


-, 
— 
— 


ibs 


int 
Qed 


— 
— 


wt 


-- 

— ene. 
— — 
- 

— 


— — 
— 


— — 
II — 


— 
* 


—— 2 
=> -- 


- 

—— of 

— POS ay 
- 


OMAS TYRWHITT, Eſq. 


_— 
— — Ä — 
—— 
—— — 
© 

por 


f ; ys 


f 


0 \ N 


- 
- - 
- 
— 

— 


>" 


0 N » 
Q WO ND 
OO ö 


11 
\ 


AMUELJ oHNsON,L.LD. RICHARD FARMER, D. D. 


THOMAS EDWARDS,Efq. 


— pp«7§«;;˙ 


” * * ": 414 ** 
. [ 15 4 Latta 


3 — ** ar * 
rn #*{ Me! * g 1 
Lu 35 "1 „ „ KS. 4A 

+. 4 
* 

as » ot = 
- * — 1 x 
5 % * * 


e — * * 
* 4 * 5 
3 4 1 2 - 
* 
: 
S 


4 * \ 
. * 
Fol * 1 
: 1 8 N e 0 
38 * >»... 5 4 ? % 
4 "IR. * 33 * + \ 21-6 - 
: ( 
* * 
I" * 7 Sk 2 8 4 * 9 N 
8 At 5 N 3 4 3 * * ; 
4 % Y | : 
* as im * " 3 * 
* 
5 ? 0 
vv 4 4 — - 
a HAT Y T 2 6 bad ont 
- 1 * T1 122298 pep 4 E „ iy. 4 145 
- 
"Fe * * 2 ; * 4 ; '$ 
4, , — =5 a * +4 * IJ- 7 w 4 4 % 74 — * »* = N * * —— FS 1 - 
, 14 192 - # <.& . 3 . „ 4 144095 3 „ 41 4 
* 4. 4 p 
4 * 8 * 1 . : 7 
2 3 11 * x . * ne. r Si” 141 Is FE 9 £4 LES 
% © % p « . » kf J - YE” & 41 LL 44% 38 bu * - 
* — * 1 
n Y * * 5 * 
* . * . - * 
© 4 3 175 * } £ 4 18 U * 44 * A a ” : + 2 4 LF £3 
: 27 2 An , * fo, 
£ * 5 s "is 
— — 8 =) 
— * + WH — 0 4d 2297 1 ws — 511 N 
. 8 TEES. 4 i «. . 11 A . : k.aas & #4 * af F. 
. ing *. 9 
1 * » 4 5; A 3 
\ by TE) * » « ES 7 : : : * * 45 7 11 
* 2 — — *. * — 4 * * — & 6 P 2 * * Ka 14 £3 1 1 4 &s => £ 4 - ? : : Fl 
N 0 1 . 1 * © 
ir: Of 4 z 1x 
& p PF 4 * — * * 4 2 * 4 * g | 22 mY p 
"S- 4 $2 £4 : + 7 , # 1 3 8 1 1 i 1 * 4 4. 23 \ 
4 . # 
„ ERIE. %£%- v4, . : 42 + 4 " * i \ 2 0. „ PR 1 d & Y > © 4 1 
191 4 „ „ „ + we 2p Ws * 89 S8 oats * © 4 * 419 14184. 
12 * 
2 4 t 2 3 
18 9 + i 2 7 + P 7 4 2 ; 4 p , ., 5 8 % U : "1 : * 
— = =. 3 * « * % LAS... . 7 * * . 1 
8 1 *S- E 1 EY FIR. * tai # > £ #4 4 wt w & * 
f * Pe. Jan > * « a 
3 3 „ 
1 q Þ x 1 1 - 
% S 
8 1 * 3 * EE 1 . ; * 
% p 5 7 2 © «4 * — " s py * . * 
7 << Ia "La. bf 1 : C2 4s „ N * i? 4 1 f 17 1 os] » AA 
19 — 89 + * . —" b 2 «a «HL L A % * „ +4. % * * x 
, 2 4 - 
. 10 ; 7 * : , 
* by oY B " 1 11 ier e : _ i 6 i 
IT : — —— SE- * - _ & FY 1 & . + 1 w 5 —— . ry 4 OY —_ R * - 
£9 by > o 
bo * 
3 1 * & 4 + 1 * £ „ be = 1 412 » ” * 4 
re., 7 a by 3 137% * 51411 1081 . (6 + S242 
6 *. * * . 1 
3 4 4 2 * = & " * 9 * 1 * 4 0 7 7 1 a 3 & £% * % 8 * 7 — * 
41 21 1 , "£3 4 44 * 411.4. 3 40 z 1 * #44 4, * þ * — 1 * i, 
4 7 „ 
1 N 1 7 4 A ; - 3 4 * £4 * Ps * 9 * » " , * * 
10 1 2 i . . 4 * * 1 1 + by we” 
4 4 2 1 5 3 : = 4 d " 4141 —_ 
— 5 * 
. -, 4 > 
E £ pe " wy 5 6 £ « q * * * * % * — * _ { ® q 
„ > BS. 0 0 11 19 4 J. I 141. 1 rn 4 
* . 
- F . 1 CY ». . A 
bids p x n 21 Be? * T* F 4 OED Os 118282 * 4 1 ” 2» \ The L 
* * e ws „ 33 * LL WA» + 4 Yr 8 =, * — 2 14 
I: q * 4 % x . 
b . rA £ % "x Z% TY ? . ha „„ * P 1 6 4% : * #4 £5 © " 
3 2 & kw © * 3 4 218 1 * * A+ . ! . 4% wv hv . 4 
* 17 - * $ & . 4 3 * #0" , 
. T0 5% > *; 24 . 'S ; N $ ; a, : fs 
ee e 55 Ii an Face AFL nein $84 a {AQ AFL 
. — . «xx * 4 Q * 4 - — 0 
reno EE FG. „ ieee 18 @ 122 80 
99 * Q; W 4 17 12 425.44 £ 4 i » i %s && * * — * , 4 4 * 1119 * 
5 > 2 N } * 1 0 . * «Sh 4} 1871 1 2 N 1 > r 5 N # 
— - o \ — = . 
e 0 nd tal Oran 12 1 21 1 1 4 
- 
99 * * oY : 
8 2 4 : p / x " 
\ * : * 72 x 4 * 1 4 5 * 
WOT "2% WV. LALLY x VS Aae 18 9 „ a 
> "8s. | . 
4 * % : * * 1 4 = 
F. ; LEES * 7 : : n F*5 "a1 10 » y : 418 i * 
4 — x N 144. _ * CL Th yy 4 4 116 * 5 -* as + — 1180 4 - * 1 
* 4 - 
+ 
wo : 
* % 5 xz 4 
* 
= * T 
{ — W i „r SES "Op. - a o£* 1e £3 Wo 1 av 4 * * 7 M + + 
wy — #4 > © 4 w%f TY . . #4 2 * LA * 4 8 4 ” * - 1 = 
ne rag te is y 1 CEO 144 3 - 5 523 ; y 1 3 7 # 94 S 
A. * . 7 g 1 1 L * Jil ws C & * * WA „„ 
* = Y -. * 
© * 5 4 —— . 4 oy be - p 1 1 
. 20 5 LL +327 AD #23 Ez 5 5 , 14 it E537 
W 4 * * ” 
* 3 LEES 7 * „ 1 S * W * 1 
. 1 x OY $6 £ Js ” 41 * _— — * 4 . o ” $$ rea \ or a! | Py 
% * . 


DR. JOUNSON'S 


r R f F a G 


U 


1 praiſes are without reaſon laviſhed on the 
dead, and that the honours due only to excellence 
are paid to antiquity, is a complaint likely to be always 
continued by thoſe, who, being able to add nothing to 
truth, hope for eminence from the hereſies of paradox; 
or thoſe, who, being forced by diſappointment upon 
conſolatory expedients, are willing to hope from poſterity 
what the preſent age refuſes, and flatter themſelves that 
the regard, which is yet denied by envy, will be at laſt 

beſtowed by time. | | 
Antiquity, like every other quality that attracts the 
notice of mankind, has undoubtedly votaries that reve- 
\rence it, not from reaſon, but from prejudice. Some 
ſeem to admire indiſcriminately whatever has been long 
preſerved, without conſidering that time has ſometimes 
co-operated with chance ; all perhaps are more willin 
to honour paſt than, preſent excellence; and the = 
contemplates genius through the ſhades of age, as the 
eye {urveys the ſun through artificial opacity. The great 
contention of criticiſm is to find the. faults of the mo- 
derns, and the beauties of the ancients. While an au- 
thor is yet living, we eſtimate his 1 by his worſt 
| 8 5 5 ; and when he is dead, we rate them by 

is beſt. "ih ; 7 

To works, however, of which the excellence is not ab- 
ſolute and definite, but giadual and comparative; to 
works not raiſed upon principles demonſtrative and ſcien- 
tifick, but appealing wholly tg obſervation and experi- 
ence, no other teſt can be applied than length of dura- 
tion and continuance of eſteem. What mankind have 
long poſſeſſed they have often examined and compared, 


a * Firſt printed in 1768. e 
„ [A] | Ana 


2 DR. IJOHNSON'S PREFACE. 
and if they perſiſt to value the poſſeſſion, it is becauſe 
frequent compariſons have confirmed opinion in its favour. 
As among the works of nature no man can properly call 
a river deep, or a mountain high, without the knowledge 
of many mountains, and many rivers; ſo in the produc- 


tions of genius, nothing can be fliled excellent till it has 


been compared with other works of the ſame kind. De- 
monftration immediately diſplays its power, and has no- 
thing to hope or fear from the flux of years; but works 
tentative and experimental muſt be eſtimated by their 
Proportion to the general and collective ability of man, 
as it is diſcovered in a long ſucceſſion of endeavours. Of 
the firſt building that wWas raiſed, it might be with cer- 
tainty determined that it was round or ſquare ; but whe- 
ther it was ſpacious or lofty muſt have been referred to 
time. The Pythagorean ſcale of numbers was at once 
diſcovered to be perfect; but the poems of Homer we 
et know not, to tranſcend the common limits of human 
intelligence, but by remarking, that nation after nation, 
and century after century, has been able to do little more 
than tranſpoſe his incidents, new name his characters, 
and paraphraſe his fentiments. 8 65-6 Dhl 
Ihle reverence due to writings that have long ſubſiſted 
ariſes therefore not from. any credulous confidence in the 
ſuperior wiſdom of paſt ages, or gloomy perſuaſion of 
the degeneracy of mankind, but is the conſequence of 
acknowledged and indubitable poſitions, that what has 
been longeſt known has been 'moſt conſidered, and what 
is moſt conſidered is beſt underſtood, © Wy 
The poet, of whoſe works J have undertaken the revi- 
fion, may now begin to aſſume the dignity of an ancient, 
and claim the privilege of eſtabliſhed fame and preſcrip- 
tive veneration. He has long outlived his century, the 
term commonly fixed as the teſt of literary merit. What- 
ever advantages he might once derive from perſonal allu- 
fions, local cuſtoms, or temporary opinions, have for 
many years been loſt; and every topick of merriment, 
or motive of ſorrow, which the modes of artificial life 
afforded him, now only obſcure the ſcenes which they 
once illuminated. The effects of favour and competi- 
| | ; tion 


= 


DR. JOHNSON's PREFACE. 3 


tion are at an end; the tradition of his friendſhips and 
his enmities has periſhed ; his works ſupport no opinion 
with arguments, nor ſupply any faction with invectives; 
they can neither indulge vanity, nor gratify malignity ; 
but are read without any other reaſon than the deſire of 
pleaſure, and are therefore praiſed only as pleaſure 1s 
obtained; yet thus unaſſiſted by intereſt or paſſion, they 
have paſt through variations of taſte — changes of 
manners, and, as they devolved from one generation 
to another, have received new honours at every tranſ- 
miſſion, | | 

But becauſe human judgment, though it be gradually 
gaining upon certainty, never becomes infallible z and 
approbation, though long continued, may yet be only 
the approbation of prejudice or faſhion ; it is proper to 
inquire, by what peculiarities of excellence Shakſpeare 
has gained and kept the favour of his countrymen. 

Lee can pleaſe many, and pleaſe long, but juſt 
repreſentations of general nature. Particular manners 
can be known to few, and therefore few only can judge 
how nearly they are copied. 'The irregular combina- 
tions of fanciful invention may delight awhile, by that 
novelty of which the common ſatiety of life ſends us all 
in queſt; the pleaſures of ſudden wonder are ſoon ex- 
hauſted, and the mind can only repoſe on the ſtability of 
truth, 

Shakſpeare is above all writers, at leaſt above all mo- 
dern writers, the poet of nature; the poet that holds up 
to his readers a faithful mirror of manners and of life. 
His characters are not modified by the cuſtoms of par- 
ticular places, unpractiſed by the reſt of the world; by 
the peculiarities of ſtudies or profeſſions, which can ope- 
rate but upon ſmall numbers; or by the accidents of 
tranſient faſhions or temporary opinions: they are the 
genuine progeny of common humanity, ſuch as the world 
will always ſupply, and obſervation will always find. His 
| perſons act and ſpeak by the influence of thoſe general 
paſſions and principles by which all minds are agitated, 
and the whole ſyitem of life is continued in motion. In 
the writings of other poets a character is too often an 

| [A 2] individual; 


DR. JOHNSON'S*PEEFACE. 
individual; in thoſe of Shakſpeare it is commonly a 
ſpecies. ry * 

It is from this wide extenſion of deſign that ſo much 
_ inſtruction is derived. It is this which fills the plays of 
Shakſpeare with practical axioms and domeſtick wiſdom. 
It was ſaid of Euripides, that every verſe was a precept; 
and it may be ſaid of Shakſpeare, that from his works 
may be collected a ſyſtem of civil and œconomical pru- 
dence. Vet his real power is not ſnewn in the ſplendor 
of particular paſſages, but by the progreſs of his fable, 
and the tenor of his dialogue; and he that tries to re- 
commend him by ſelect quotations, will ſucceed like the 
pedant in Hierocles, who, when he offered his houſe to 
| ſale, carried a brick in his pocket as a ſpecimen. 

It will not eafily be imagined how much Shakſpeare 
excels in accommodating his ſentiments to real life, but 
by comparing him with other authors. It was obſerved 
of the ancient ſchools of declamation, that the more dili- 
gently they were frequented, the more was the ſtudent 
diſqualified for the world, becauſe he found nothing 
there which he ſhould ever meet in any other place. The 
ſame remark may be applied to every ſtage but that of 
Shakſpeare. The theatre, when it is under any other 
direction, is peopled by ſuch characters as were never 
ſeen, converſing in a language which was never heard, 
upon topicks which will never ariſe in the commerce of 
mankind. But the dialogue of this author is often ſo 

evidently determined by the incident which produces it, 
and is purſued with ſo much eaſe and ſimplicity, that it 
ſeems ſcarcely to claim the merit of fiction, but to have 
been gleaned by diligent ſelection out of common con- 
verſation, and common occurrences. | 
_ Upon every other ſtage the univerſal agent is love, by 
whole power all good and evil is diſtributed, and every 
action quickened or retarded. To bring a lover, a lady, 
and a rival into the fable; to entangle them in contra- 
dictory obligations, perplex them with oppoſitions of in- 
tereſt, and harraſs them with violence of deſires incon- 
ſiſtent with each other; to make them meet in rapture, 
and part in agony ; to fill their mouths with hyperbolical 


PDR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE: 5 


joy and outrageous ſorrow; to diſtreſs them as nothing 
human ever was diſtreſſed; to deliver them as nothing 
human ever was delivered, is the buſineſs of a modern 
dramatiſt. For this, probability is violated, life is miſ- 
repreſented, and language is depraved. But love is only 
one of many paſſions, and as it has no great influence 
upon the ſum of life, it has little operation in the dramas 
of a poet, who caught his ideas from the living world, 
and exhibited only what he ſaw before him. He knew, 
that any other paſſion, as it was regular or exorbitant, 
was a cauſe of happineſs or calamity. 

Characters thus ample and general were not eaſily diſ- 
criminated and preſerved, yet perhaps no poet ever kept 
his perſonages more diſtinct from each other. Iwill not ſay 
with Pope, that every ſpeech may be aſſigned to the pro- 


per ſpeaker, becauſe many ſpeeches. there are which have 


nothing characteriſtical; but, perhaps, though ſome may 
be equally adapted to every perſon, it will be difficult to 
find any that can be properly transferred from the pre- 
ſent poſſeſſor to another claimant. The choice is right, 
when there 15 reaſon for choice. 

Other dramatiſts can only gain attention by hyper- 
bolical or aggravated characters, by fabulous and unex- 
ampled excellence or depravity, as the writers of barba- 
rous romances invigorated the reader by a giant and a 
dwarf; and he that ſhould form his expectations of hu- 
man affairs from the play, or from the tale, would be 
equally deceived. Shakſpeare has no heroes; his ſcenes 
are occupied only by men, who act and ſpeak as the rea- 
der thinks that he ſhould himſelf have ſpoken or acted on 
the ſame occaſion: even where the agency is ſuper- 
natural, the dialogue 1s level with life. Other writers 
diſguiſe the moſt natural paſſions and moſt frequent inci- 
dents ; fo that he who contemplates them in the book 
will not know them in the world: Shakſpeare approxi- 
mates the remote, and familiarizes the wonderful ; the 


event which he repreſents will not happen, but if it 


were poſſible, its effects would probably be ſuch as 
he has aſſigned; and it may be ſaid, that he has not 
only ſhewn human nature as it acts in real exigences, 

Es „„ | but 


* e 


* 
TO 
- eur ˙ cy — — — "fn 


— 


—— 


” 


7 


— 


* * —— 
* Wy — 
— . 4 


———— —— —e—.— 


6 DR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE 
but as it would be found in trials, to which it cannot be 
expoſed. | „ | | 

This therefore 1s the praiſe of Shakſpeare, that his dra- 


ma is the mirror of life; that he who has mazed his 


imagination, in following the phantoms which other 
writers raiſe up before him, may here be cured of his de- 
lirious ecſtaſies, by reading human ſentiments in human 


language; by ſcenes from which a hermit may eſtimate 


the tranſactions of the world, and a confeſſor predict the 
progreſs of the paſſions. „5 | 

His adherence to 3 nature has expoſed him to 
the cenſure of criticks, who form their judgments upon 
narrower principles. Dennis and Rhymer think his Ro- 
mans not ſufficiently Roman; and Voltaire cenſures his 
kings as not completely royal. Dennis is offended, that 
Menenius, a ſenator of Rome, ſhould play the buffoon ; 
and Voltaire perhaps thinks decency violated when the 
Daniſh uſurper is repreſented as a drunkard. - But Shak- 
ſpeare always makes nature predominate over accident ; 
and if he preſerves the eſſential character, is not very 
careful of diſtinctions ſuperinduced and adventitious. His 
ſtory requires Romans or kings, but he thinks only on 
men. He knew that Rome, like every other city, had 
men of all diſpoſitions ; and wanting a buffoon, he went 
into the ſenate-houſe for that which the ſenate-houſe 
would certainly have afforded him. He was inclined to 
ſhew an uſurper and a murderer not only odious, but 
deſpicable ; he therefore added drunkenneſs to his other 
qualities, knowing that kings love wine like other men, 
and that wine exerts its natural power upon kings. Theſe 
are the petty cavils of petty minds; a poet overlooks the 
caſual diſtinction of country and condition, as a painter, 


ſatisfied with the figure, negleQs the drapery. 


The cenſure which he has incurred by mixing comick, 
and tragick ſcenes, as it extends to all his works, de- 
ſerves more conſideration. Let the fact be firſt ſtated, 


and then examined. 


Shakſpeare's plays are not in the rigorous and critical 


Tenſe either tragedies or comedies, but compoſitions of a 
diſtinct kind; exhibiting the real ſtate of ſublunary na- 


ture, 


4 


\- — 


D R. JOHNSON?*S PREFACE. 7 
ture, which partakes of good and evil, joy and ſorrow, 
mingled with endleſs variety of proportion and innumer- 
able modes of combination; and expreſſing the courſe of 
the world, in which the loſs of one is the gain of an- 
other; in which, at the ſame time, the reveller is haſt- 
ing to his wine, and the mourner burying his friend ; in 
which the malignity of one is ſometimes defeated by the 
frolick of another; and many miſchiefs and many bene- 
fits are done and hindered without deſign. 

Out of this chaos of mingled purpoſes and caſualties 
'the ancient poets, according to the laws which cuſtom 
had preſcribed, ſelected ſome the | crimes of men, and 
ſome their abſurdites; ſome the momentous viciſſitudes 
of life, and ſome the lighter occurrences ; ſome the ter- 
rors of diſtreſs, and ſome the gayeties of proſperity. 
Thus roſe the two modes of 1mitation, known by the 
names of tragedy and comedy, compolitions intended to 
promote different ends by contrary means, and conſider- 
ed as ſo little allied, that I do not recolle& among the 
Greeks or Romans a ſingle writer who attempted both. 

Shakipeare has united the powers of exciting laughter 
and forrow not only in one mind, but in one compoſition. 
Almoſt all his plays are divided between ſerious and lu- 
dicrous characters, and, in the ſucceſſive evolutions of 
the deſign, ſometimes produce ſeriouſneſs and forrow, and 
ſometimes levity and laughter. 

That this is a practice contrary to the rules of criticiſm 

will be readily allowed; but there is always an appeal 
open from criticiſm to nature. The end of writing is 
to inſtruct; the end of poetry is to inſtruct by pleaſing. 
That the mingled drama may convey all the initruction 
of tragedy or comedy cannot be denied, becauſe it in- 
_ cludes both in its alternations of exhibition, and ap- 
proaches nearer than either to the appearance of life, by 
ſhewing how great machinations and tlender deſigns may 
promote or obviate one another, and the high and the 
low co-operate in the general ſyſtem by unavoidable con- 
catenation. _ | 

It is objected, that by this change of ſcenes the paſ- 
ſions are interrupted in their progreſſion, and that the 

| A+} - principal 


s PR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE. 


principal event, being not advanced by a due gradation 
of preparatory incidents, wants at laſt the power to 
move, which conſtitutes the perfection of dramatick poe- 
try. This reaſoning is ſo ſpecious, that it is received as 
true even by thoſe who in daily experience feel it to be 
falſe. The interchanges of mingled ſcenes ſeldom fail 
to produce the intended viciſſitudes of paſſion. Fiction 
cannot move ſo much, but that the attention may be 
eaſily transferred; and though it muſt be allowed that 
pleaſing melancholy be ſometimes interrupted by un- 
welcome levity, yet let it be conſidered likewiſe, that 
melancholy is often not pleaſing, and that the diſturbance 
of one man may be the relief of another; that different 
auditors have different habitudes; and that, upon the 
whole, all pleaſure conſiſts in variety. | 
The players, who in their edition divided our author's 
works into comedies, hiſtories, and tragedies, ſeem not 
to have diſtinguiſhed the three kinds, by any very exact 
or definite 1deas. 
An action which ended happily to the principal per- 


ſons, however ſerious or diſtreſsful through its interme- 
diate incidents, in their opinion conſtituted a comedy. 
This idea of a comedy continued long amongſt us, and 
plays were written, which, by changing the cataſtrophe, 
were tragedies to-day, and comedies to-morrow. 

Tragedy was not in thoſe times a poem of more gene- 
ral dignity or elevation than comedy ; it required only a 
calamitous concluſion, with which the common criticiſm 
of that age was ſatisfied, whatever lighter pleaſure it 
afforded in its progreſs. 

Hiſtory was a ſeries of actions, with no other than 
_ chronological ſucceſſion, independent on each other, and 
without any tendency to introduce or regulate the con- 
clufion. It is not always very nicely diſtinguiſhed from 
tragedy. There is not much nearer approach to unity 
of action in the tragedy of Antony and Cleopatra, than in 
the hiſtory of Richard the Second. But a hiſtory might 
be continued through many plays; as it had no plan, it 
had no limits, | 1 : 


Throu gh 


DR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE :- 9 
Through all theſe denominations of the drama, Shak- 


ſpeare's mode of compoſition is the ſame ; an interchange 


of ſeriouſneſs and merriment, by which the mind is ſof- 
tened at one time, and exhilarated at another. But 
whatever be his purpoſe, whether to gladden or depreſs, 
or to conduct the ſtory, without vehemence or emotion, 
through tracts of eaſy and familiar dialogue, he never 
fails to attain his purpoſe; as he commands us, we laugh 
or mourn, or fit ſilent with quiet expectation, in tran- 
uillity without indifference. | | = — 
When Shakſpeare's plan is underſtood, moſt of the 
criticiſms of Rhymer and Voltaire vaniſh away. The 
play of Hamlet is opened, without impropriety, by two 
centinels; Iago bellows at Brabantio's window, without 
injury to the ſcheme of the play, though in terms which 
a modern audience would not eafily endure ; the charac- 
ter of Polonius is ſeaſonable and uſeful ; and the Grave- 
_ diggers themſelves may be heard with applauſe. 
Shakſpeare engaged in dramatick poetry with the 
world open before him ; the rules of the ancients were 
yet known to few; the publick judgment was unformed z 
he had no example of ſuch fame as might force him upon 
imitation, nor criticks of ſuch authority as might reſtrain 
his extravagance : he therefore indulged his natural diſ- 


poſition, and his diſpoſition, as Rhymer has remarked, 


led him to comedy. In tragedy he often writes with 
great appearance of toil and ſtudy, what is written at 


laſt with little felicity ; but in his comick ſcenes, he 


ſeems to produce without labour, what no labour can 
improve. In tragedy he is always ſtruggling after ſome 
occaſion to be comick, but in comedy he ſeems to repoſe, 
or to luxuriate, as in a mode of thinking congenial to his 
nature. In his tragick ſcenes there is always ſomething 
wanting, but his comedy often ſurpaſſes expeCtation or 
deſire. His comedy pleaſes by the thoughts and the lan- 
guage, and his tragedy for the greater part by incident 
and action. His tragedy ſeems to be ſkill, his comedy 
to be inſtinct. i, 


The force of his contick ene ba 


nution from the changes made by a century and a half, 
; | in 


i 
| 


TO DR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE. 
in manners or in words. As his perſonages act upon 
principles ariſing from genuine paſſion, very little modi- 
bed by particular forms, their pleaſures and vexations 
are communicable to all times and to all places ; they 
are natural, and therefore durable; the adventitious pe- 
culiarities of perſonal habits, are only ſuperficial dies, 
bright and pleaſing for a little while, yet ſoon fading to 
a dim tinct, without any remains of former luftre ; but 
the diſcriminations of true paſſion are the colours of na- 
ture; they pervade the whole maſs, and can only periſh 
with the body that exhibits them. The accidental com- 
Poſitions of heterogeneous modes are diſſolved by the 
chance which combined them; but the uniform ſimpli- 
city of primitive qualities neither admits increaſe, nor 
ſuffers decay. The ſand heaped by one flood is ſcattered 
by another, but the rock always continues in its place. 
'The ftream of time, which 1s continually waſhing the 
diſſoluble fabricks of other poets, paſſes without injury 
by the adamant of Shakſpeare. | 
If there be, what I believe there is, in every nation, 
a ſtile which never becomes obſolete, a certain mode of 
phraſeology ſo conſonant and congenial to the analogy 
and principles of its reſpective language, as to remain 
ſettled and unaltered; this ſtyle is probably to be ſought 
in the common intercourſe ef life, among thoſe who ſpeak 
only to be underſtood, without ambition of elegance. 
The polite are always catching modiſh innovations, and 
the learned depart from eſtabliſhed forms of ſpeech, in 
Hope of finding or making better; thoſe who wiſh for 
diſtinction forſake the vulgar, when the vulgar is right; 
but there is a converſation above groſſneſs and below re- 
finement, where propriety reſides, and where this poet 
ſeems to have gathered his comick dialogue. He is 
therefore more agreeable to the ears of the preſent age 
than any other author equally remote, and among his 
other excellencies deſerves to be ſtudied as one of the 
original maſters of our language. a e 
Theſe obſervations are to be conſidered not as unex- 
- ceptionably conftant, but as containing general and pre- 
dominant truth. Shakſpeare's familiar dialogue is af- 
1 | firmed 


DR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE, 11 
firmed to be ſmooth and clear, yet not wholly without 
ruggedneſs or difficulty; as a country may be eminently 
fruitful, though it has ſpots unfit for cultivation: his 
characters are praiſed as natural, though their ſentiments 
are ſometimes forced, and their actions improbable; as 
the earth upon the whole 1s ſpherical, though its ſurface 
is varied with protuberances and cavities. | 

Shakſpeare with his excellencies has likewiſe faults, 
and faults ſufficient to obſcure and overwhelm any other 


merit. I ſhall ſhew them in the proportion in which 


they appear to me, without envious malignity or ſuper- 
ſtitious veneration. No queſtion can be more innocently 
diſcuſſed than a dead poet's pretenſions to renown ; and 
little regard is due to that bigotry which ſets candour 
higher than truth. | | | 
His firſt defect is that to which may be imputed moft 
of the evil in books or in men. He ſacrifices virtue to 
convenience, and is ſo much more careful to pleaſe than 
to inſtruct, that he ſeems to write without any moral pur- 
oſe. From his writings indeed a ſyſtem of ſocial duty 
may be ſelected, for he that thinks reaſonably muſt think 
morally ; but his precepts and axioms drop caſually from 
him; he makes no juſt diſtribution of good or evil, nor 
is always careful to ſhew in the virtuous a diſapprobation 
of the wicked; he carries his perſons indifferently 
through right and wrong, and at the cloſe diſmiſſes them 
without further care, and leaves their examples to operate 
by chance. This fault the barbarity of his age cannot 
extenuate; for it is always a writer's duty to make the 
world better, and juſtice 1s a virtue independent on time 
or place. | 8 8 5 | 
ſhe plots are often ſo looſely formed, that a very 
ſlight conſideration may improve them, and ſo careleſsly 
' purſued, that he ſeems not always fully to comprehend 
his own deſign, He omits opportunities of inſtructing or 
delighting, which the train of his ſtory ſeems to force 
upon him, and apparently reje&s thoſe exhibitions which 
would be more affecting, for the ſake of thoſe which are 
more eaſy. | | | 0 


It 


12 DR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE. 


It may be obſerved, that in many of his plays the latter 
part is evidently neglected. When he found himſelf 
near the end of his work, and in view of his reward, he 
ſhortened the labour to ſnatch the profit. He therefore 
remits his efforts where he ſhould moſt vigorouſly exert 
them, and his cataſtrophe is improbably produced or im- 
perfectly repreſented, ; 8 | 

He had no regard to diſtinction of time or place, but 
gives to one age or nation, without ſcruple, the cuſtoms, 
inſtitutions, and opinions of another, at the expence not 
only of likelihood, but of poſſibility. Theſe faults Pope 
has endeavoured, with more zeal than judgment, to 
transfer to his imagined interpolators. We need not 
wonder to find Hector quoting Ariſtotle, when we ſee the 
loves of Theſeus and Hippolyta combined with the Go- 
thick mythology of fairies. . Shakſpeare, indeed, was 
not the only violator of chronology, for in the ſame age 
Sidney, who wanted not the advantages of learning, has, 
in his Arcadia, confounded the paſtoral with the feudal 
times, the days of innocence, quiet, and ſecurity, with 
thoſe of turbulence, violence, and adventure, | 
In his comick ſcenes he is ſeldom very ſucceſsful, 
when he engages his characters in reciprocations of 
ſmartneſs and conteſts of ſarcaſm ; their jeſts are com- 
monly groſs, and their pleaſantry licentious ; neither his 
gentlemen nor his ladies have much delicacy, nor are 
ſufficiently diſtinguiſhed from his clowns by any appear- 
| ance of refined manners. Whether he repreſented the 
real converſation of his time is not eaſy to determine; 
the reign of Elizabeth is commonly ſuppoſed to have 
been a time of ſtatelineſs, formality, and reſerve, yet 
perbaps the relaxations of that ſeverity were not very 
elegant. There muſt, however, have been always ſome 
modes of gaiety preferable to others, and a writer ought 
to chuſe the beſt. | | | 

In tragedy his performance ſeems conſtantly to be 
worſe, as his labour 1s more. The effuſions of paſſion, 
which exigence forces out, are for the moſt part 
ſtriking and energetick; but whenever he ſolicits his 
invention, or ſtrains his faculties, the offspring of his 

throes 


DR. JOHNSON*'S PREFACE. 13 
throes is tumour, meannels, tediouſneſs, and obſcu- 
rity. | | _ 
In narration he affects a diſproportionate pomp of 
diction, and a weariſome train of circumlocution, and 
tells the incident imperfectly in many words, which 
might have been more plainly delivered in few. Nar- 
ration in dramatick poetry is naturally tedious, as it is 


unanimated and inactive, and obſtructs the progreſs of 


the action; it ſhould therefore always be rapid, and en- 
livened by frequent interruption. Shakſpeare found it 
an encumbrance, and inſtead of lightening it by brevity, 
endeavoured to recommend it by dignity and ſplendor, 

His declamations or ſet ſpeeches are commonly cold 
and weak, for his power was the power of nature ; when 
he endeavoured, like other tragick writers, to catch op- 
portunities of amplification, and inſtead of inquiring 
what the occaſion demanded, to ſhew how much his ſtores 
of knowledge could ſupply, he ſeldom eſcapes without 
the pity or reſentment of his reader. 

It is incident to him to be now and then entangled 
with an unwieldy ſentiment, which he cannot well ex- 
preſs, and will not reject; he ſtruggles with it a while, 
and if it continues ſtubborn, compriſes it in words ſuch 
as occur, and leaves it to be difentangled and evolved 
by thoſe who have more leiſure to beſtow upon it. 

Not that always where the language is intricate.the 
thought is ſubtle, or the image always great where the 
line is bulky ; the equality of words to things is very 
often neglected, and trivial ſentiments and vulgar ideas 
diſappoint the attention, to which they are recommend- 
ed by ſonorous epithets and ſwelling figures. 

But the admirers of this great poet have moſt reaſon 
to complain when he approaches neareſt to his higheſt 
excellence, and ſeems fully reſolved to fink them in de- 
jection, and mollify them with tender emotions by the 
tall of greatneis, the danger of innocence, or the croſſes 
of love. What he does beſt, he ſoon ceaſes to do. He 
is not long ſoft and pathetick without ſome idle conceit, 


or contemptible equivocation. He no ſooner begins to 


move, than he counteracts himſelf; and terror and pity, 
as 


14 DR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE. 
as they are riſing in the mind, are checked and blaſted 
by ſudden frigidity. | 
A quibble is to Shakſpeare, what luminous vapours 
are to the traveller: he follows it at all adventures; it 
is ſure to lead him out of his way, and ſure to engulf him 
in the mire, [t has ſome malignant power over his mind, 
and its faſcinations are irreſiſtible. Whatever be the 
\ dignity or profundity of his diſquiſition, whether he be 
enlarging knowledge or exalting affection, whether he 
be amuſing attention with incidents, or enchaining it in 
ſuſpenſe, lec but a quibble ſpring up before him, and he 
leaves his work unfiniſhed, A quibble is the golden 
apple for which he will always turn aſide from his career, 
or ſtoop from his elevation. A quibble, poor and barren 
as it is, gave him ſuch delight, that he was content to 
purchaſe it, by the ſacrifice of reaſon, propriety, and 
truth. A quibble was to him the fatal Cleopatra for 
which he loſt the world, and was content to loſe it. 
It will be thought ſtrange, that, in enumerating the 
, defects of this writer, I have not — mentioned his ne- 
glect of the unities; his violation of thoſe laws which 
have been inſtituted and eſtabliſhed by the joint autho- 
rity of poets and of criticks. | | 
For his other deviations from the art of writing, I re- 
ſign him to critical juſtice, without making any other 
demand in his favour, than that which muſt be indulged 
to all human excellence; that his virtues. be rated with 
his failings : but, from the cenſure which this irregu- 
larity may bring upon him, I ſhall, with due reverence 
to that learning which I mult oppoſe, adventure to try 
how I can defend him. | | 
His hiſtories, being neither tragedies nor comedies, 
are not ſubje& to any of their laws; nothing more is 
neceſſary to all the praiſe which they expect, than that 
the changes of action be ſo prepared as to be underſtood, 
that the incidents be various and affecting, and the cha- 
racters conſiſtent, natural, and diſtinct. No other unity 
| is intended, and therefore none is to be ſought. 
| In his other works he has well enough preſerved the 
unity of action. He has not, indeed, an intrigue regu. 
arly 


DR. JOHN SONS PREFACE. ug 


larly perplexed and regularly unravelled ; he does not 
endeavour to hide his deſign only to diſcover it, for this 
is ſeldom the order of real events, and Shakſpeare is the 
poet of nature: but his plan has commonly what Ariſtotle 
requires, a beginning, a middle, and an end; one event 
1s concatenated with another, and the concluſion fol- 
lows by eaſy . conſequence. There are perhaps ſome 
incidents that might be ſpared, as in other poets there is 
much talk that only fills up time upon the ſtage ; but 
the general ſyſtem makes gradual advances, and the end 
of the play is the end of expectation. £ 

To the unities of time and place he has ſhewn no re- 
gard ; and perhaps a nearer view of the principles on 
which they ſtand will diminiſh their value, and withdraw 
from them the veneration which, from the time of Cor- 

ille, they have very generally received, by diſcover- 
ing that they have given more trouble to the poet, than 
pleaſure to the auditor, | : | 
The neceſſity of obſerving the unities of time and place 
ariſes from the ſuppoſed neceſſity of making the drama 
credible. The criticks hold jit impoſſible, that an action 
of months or years can be poſſibly believed to paſs in 


three hours; or that the ſpectator can ſuppoſe himſelf to 


ſit in the theatre, while ambaſſadors go and return be- 
tween diſtant kings, while armies are levied and towns 
beſieged, while an exile wanders and returns, or till he 
whom they ſaw courting his miſtreſs, ſhall lament the 
untimely fall of his ſon. The mind revolts from evident 
falſehood, and fiction loſes its force when it departs from 
the reſemblance of reality. | | 

From the narrow limitation of time neceſſarily ariſes 
the contraction of place. The ſpectator, who knows that 
he ſaw the firſt act at Alexandria, cannot ſuppoſe that he 
ſees the next at Rome, at a diftance to which not the dra- 
gons of Medea could, in ſo ſhort a time, have tranſported 
him; he knows with certainty that he has not changed. 
his place; and he knows that place cannot change itſelf; 
that what was a houſe cannot become a plain; that what 
was Thebes can never be Perſepolis. 


Such 


w ˙ü˙1 ͤ k ]⅛¶uñßf̃ ̃ꝗ ‚ͤ 


* PFF 


22 — 


16 DR. JOHNSON*S PREFACE. 

Such is the triumphant language with which a eritick 
exults over the miſery of an irregular poet, and exults 
commonly without reſiſtance or reply. It is time there- 
fore to tell him, by the authority of Shakſpeare, that he 
aſſumes, as an unqueſtionable principle, a N mar which, 


while his breath is forming it into words, his underſtand- 
ing pronounces to be falſe, It is falſe, that any repre- 
ſentation is miſtaken for reality ; that any dramatick 
fable in its materiality was ever credible, or, for a ſingle 
moment, was ever credited. / 

The objection ariſing from the impoſſibility of paſſing 
the firſt hour at Mexandria, and the next at Rome, ſup- 
poſes, that when the play opens the ſpectator really ima- 
gines himſelf at Alexandria, and believes that his walk 
to the theatre has been a voyage to Egypt, and that he 
lives in the days of Antony and Cleopatra. Surely he 
that imagines this may imagine more. He that can take 
the ſtage at one time for the palace of the Ptolemies, 
may take it in half an hour for the promontory of Actium. 
Deluſion, if deluſion be admitted, has no certain limita- 


tion; if the ſpectator can be once perſuaded, that his old 


acquaintance are Alexander and Cæſar, that a room 
illuminated with candles is the plain of Pharſalia, or the 


bank of Granicus, he is in a ſtate of elevation above the 


reach of reaſon, or of truth, and from the heights of 
empyrean poetry, may deſpiſe the circumſcriptions of 
terreſtrial nature. There is no reaſon why a mind thus 
wandering in ecſtaſy ſhould count the clock, or why an 
hour ſhould not be a century in that calenture of the 
brains that can make the _ a held. 
The truth is, that the ſpectators are always in their 
ſenſes, and know, from the firſt act to the laſt, that the 
ſtage is only a ſtage, and that the players are only play- 
ers. They come to hear a certain number of lines re- 
cited with juſt geſture and elegant modulation. The lines 
relate to ſome action, and an action muſt be in. ſome 
place; but the different actions that complete a ſtory 
may be in places very remote from each other; and 
where is the abſurdity of allowing that ſpace to repre- 
Fat arſe Athens, and then Sicily, which was always 
known 


* 


DR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE. 17 


known to be neither Sicily nor Athens, but a modern 


theatre. 15 PET 

By ſuppoſition, as place is introduced, time may be 
extended ; the time required by the fable elapſes for the 
molt part between the acts; for, of ſo much of the action 
as is repreſented, the real and poetical duration is the 
ſame. If, in the firſt act, preparations for war againſt 
Mithridates are repreſented to. be made in Rome, the 
event of the war may, without abſurdity, be repreſent- 
ed, in the cataſtrophe, as happening in Pontus 5 we 
know that there is neither war, nor preparation for war; 
we know that we are neither in Rome nor Pontus; that 
neither Mithridates nor Lucullus are before us. The dra- 


ma. exhibits ſucceſſive imitations of ſucceſſive actions, 


and why may not the ſecond imitation repreſent an action 
that happened years after the firſt; if it be ſo connected 
with it, that nothing but time can be ſuppoſed to inter- 
vene. Time is, of all modes of exiſtence, moſt obſequi- 
ous to the imagination; a lapſe of years is as eaſily con- 
ceived as a paſſage of hours. In contemplation we eaſily 
contract the time of real actions, and therefore willingly 
permit it to be contracted when we only ſee their imi- 
tation. 2 


It will be aſked, how the 4 moves, if its not 


credited. It is credited with all the credit due to a 
drama. It is credited, whenever it moves, as a juſt 
picture of a real . as repreſenting to the auditor 


what he would himſelf feel, if he were to do or ſuffer 


what is there feigned to he ſuffered or to be done. The 
reflection that ſtrikes the heart is not, that the evils be- 
fore us are real evils, but that they are evils to which we 
ourſelves may be expoſed. If there be any fallacy, it is 
not that we fancy the players, but that we fancy ourſelves 
unhappy for a moment ; but we rather lament the poſſi- 
bility than ſuppoſe the preſence of miſery, as a mother 
weeps over her babe, when ſhe remembers that death 
may take it from her. The delight of tragedy proceeds 
from our conſciouſneſs of fiction; if we thought murders 
and treaſons real, they would plegſe no more. | 


Vor. I. [B] Ilmitations 


—— 
— — — —— — — 


— - rr. e * rr 
* 


A 
— A — 


18 DR. JOHNSON*S PREFACE. 


Imitations produce pain or pleaſure, not becauſe-they 
are miſtaken tor realities, but becauſe they bring reali- 
ties to mind. When the imagination is recreated by a 
painted landſcape, the trees are not ſuppoſed capable to 
give us ſhade, or the fountains coolneſs ; but we confider, 
how we ſhould be pleaſed with ſuch fountains playing 
beſide us, and ſuch woods waving over us. We are agi- 
tated in reading the hiſtory of Heury the Fifih, yet no 
man takes his book for the field of Agincourt, A dra- 
matick exhibition is a book recited with concomitants 
that increaſe or diminiſh its effect. Familiar comedy is 
often more powerful on the theatre, than in the page; 
imperial tragedy is always leſs. The humour of Pe- 
truchio may be heightened by grimace; but what voice 


or what geſture can hope to add dignity or force to the 


ſoliloquy of Cato? | | 

A play read, affects the mind like a play ated. It is 
therefore evident, that the action is not ſuppoſed to be 
real; and it follows, that between the acts a longer or 
ſhorter time may be allowed to paſs, and that no more 
account of ſpace or duration is to be taken by the audi- 
tor of a drama, than by the reader of a narrative, before 
whom may paſs in an hour the life of a hero, or the re- 
volutions of an empire. | _— 

Whether Shakſpeare knew the unities, and rejected 
them by deſign, or deviated from them by happy igno- 
rance, it is, I think, impoſſible to decide, and uſeleſs 
to enquire. We may reaſonably ſuppoſe, that, when he 
roſe to notice, he did not want the counſels and admo- 
nitions of ſcholars and criticks, and that he at laſt de- 
liberately perſiſted in a practice, which he might have 
begun by chance. As nothing is effential to the fable, 
but unity of action, and as the unities of time and place 
ariſe evidently from falſe aſſumptions, and, by circum- 
ſcribing the extent of the drama, leſſen its variety, I 
cannot think it much to be lamented, that they were not 
known by him, or not obſerved: nor, if ſuch another 
poet could ariſe, ſhould I very vehemently reproach him, 
that his firſt a& paſſed at Venice, and his next in Cyprus. 
Such violations of rules merely. poſitive, become the 
comprehenſive 


DR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE. 19 
comprehenſive genius of Shakſpeare, and ſuch cenſures 
are ſuitable to the minute and flender criticiſm of Vol- 
taire: - L | | 2 

Non uſque adeo permiſcuit inis | 

Longus ſumma dies, ut non, fi voce Metelli 
Serventur leges, malint a Ceſare tolli. 


Yet when I ſpeak thus ſlightly of dramatick rules, I 
cannot but recollect how much wit and learning may be 
produced againſt me; before ſuch authorities I am afraid 
to ſtand, not that I think the preſent queſtion one of 
thoſe that are to be decided by mere authority, but be- 
cauſe it is to be ſuſpected, that theſe precepts have not 
been ſo eaſily received, but for better reaſons than I have 
yet been able to find. The reſult of my enquiries, in 
which it would be ludicrous to boaſt of impartiality, is, 
that the unities of time and place are not eſſential to a 
Juſt drama, that though they may ſometimes conduce to 

leaſure, they are always to be ſacrificed to the nobler 

eauties of variety and inſtruction; and that a play, 
written with nice obſervation of critical rules, 1s to be 
contemplated as an elaborate curioſity, as the product of 
ſuperfluous and oſtentatious art, by which is ſhewn, rather 
what is poſſible, than what is neceſſary. 80 

He that, without diminution of any other excellence, 
ſhall preſerve all the unities unbroken, deſerves the like 
applauſe with the architect, who ſhall diſplay all the 
orders of architecture in a citadel, without any 'deduc- 
tion from its ſtrength ; but the principal beauty of a cita- 
del is to exclude the enemy; and the greateſt graces of a 
play are to copy nature, and inſtru life. 

Perhaps, what I have here not dogmatically but de- 
liberately written, may recal the principles of the drama 
to a new examination. I am almoſt frighted at my own 
temerity ; and when I eſtimate the fame and the ſtrength 
of thoſe that maintain the contrary W am ready to 
ſink down in reverential filence ; as Eneas withdrew from 
the defence of Troy, when he ſaw Neptune ſhaking the 
wall, and Juno heading the beſiegers. ; 

Thofe whom my arguments cannot perſuade to give 
their approbation to the judgment of Shakſpeare, will 

Mae on | B 2 ceeaſily, 


—— x —— 


for its rarity. 


20 DR. IOHNSON'S PREFACE. 
eaſily, if they conſider the condition of his life, make 
ſome allowance for his ignorance. _. 1 
Every man's performances, to be rightly eſti mated, 
muſt be compared with the ſtate of the age in which he 
lived, and with his own particular opportunities; and 
though to a reader a book be not worſe or better for the 
circumſtances of the author, yet as there is always a ſilent 
reference of human works to human abilities, and as the 
enquiry, how far man may extend his deſigns, or how 


high he may rate his native force, 1s of far greater dig- 


nity than in what rank we ſhall place any particular 
performance, curioſity is always buſy to diſcover the in- 
ſtruments, as well as to ſurvey the workmanſhip, to know 
how much is to be aſcribed to original powers, and how 
much to caſual and adventitious help. The palaces of 
Peru or Mexico were certainly mean and incommodious 
habitations, if compared to the houſes of European mo- 


narchs; yet who could forbear to view them with aſto- 


niſhment, who remembered that they were built without 
the uſe of iron? | 5 | 
The Engliſh nation, in the time of Shakſpeare, was 
yet ſtruggling to emerge from barbarity. The philology 
of Italy had been tranſplanted hither in the reign of 
Henry the Eighth ; and the learned languages had been 
ſucceſsfully cultivated by Lilly, Linacre, and More ; by 
Pole, Cheke, and Gardiner; and afterwards by Smith, 
Clerk, Haddon, and Aſcham. Greek was now taught 
to boys in the principal ſchools; and thoſe who united 
elegance with learning, read, with great diligence, the 
Italian and Spnaiſh poets. But literature was yet con- 
fined. to profeſſed ſcholars, or to men and women of high 
rank, The publick was groſs and dark; and to be able 
to read and write, was an accomplithment ſtill valued 


Nations, like individuals, have 15 infancy. A 


. People newly awakened to literary curioſity, being yet 


unacquainted with the true ſtate of things, knows not 
how to judge of that which is propoſed as its reſem- 
blance. Whatever is remote from common appearances 
is always welcome to vulgar, as to childiſh credulity E 
Oy En i an 


DR. JOHNSON*'S- PREFACE. 221 


and of a country unenlightened by learning, the whole 
people is the vulgar. The ſtudy of thoſe who then aſpired 
to plebeian learning was laid out upon adventures, gi- 
ants, dragons, and enchantments. @T he Death of Arthur 
was the favourite volume. ay | 
The mind, which has feaſted on the luxurious won- 
ders of fiction, has no taſte of the inſipidity of truth. A 
play, which 1mitated only the common occurrences of - - 
the world, would, upon the admirers of Palmerin and 
Guy of Warwick, have made little impreſſion ; he that 
wrote for ſuch an audience was under the neceſſity of 
looking round for ſtrange events and fabulous tranſac- 
tions, and that incredibility, by which maturer know- 
ledge is offended, was the chief recommendation of 
writings, to unſkilful curioſity. 43143 3; 
Our author's plots are generally borrowed from noyels ; 
and it. is reaſonable to ſuppoſe, that he choſe the moſt 
popular, ſuch as were read by many, and related by 
more; for his audience could not have followed him 
through the intricacies of the drama, had they not held 
the thread of the ſtory in their hgAandse. b 
The ſtories, which we now find only in remoter au- 
thors, were in his time acceſſible and familiar. The 
fable of As you [ike it, which is ſuppoſed to be copied 
from Chaucer's Gamelyn, was a little pamphlet of thoſe 
times; and old Mr. Cibber remembered the tale of 
Hamlet in plain Engliſh proſe, which the criticks have 
now to ſeek in Saxo Grammaticus. .. / n M 4254964 
. His Engliſh hiſtories he took from Engliſh chronicles 
and Engliſh ballads; aud as the ancient writers were: 
made known to his countrymen by verſions, they ſup- 
plied him with new ſabje&s ; he dilated ſome of Plu- 
tarch's lives into plays, when they had been tranſlated 
by North. _ | 12659 | 


- His plots, whether hiſtorical or fabulous, are always, 
crouded with incidents, by which the attention-of a rude 
people was more eaſily caught than by ſentiment or ar- 

gumentation; and ſuch is the power of the marvellous, 
even over thoſe who deſpiſe it, that every man finds: his 
mind more ſtrongly ſeized by the tragedies of Shakſpeare 
E a1 1 LB 31. than 


22 DR, JOHNSON'S PREFACE. 

than of any other writer; others pleaſe us by particular 
ſpeeches, but he always makes us anxious for the event, 
and has perhaps excelled all but Homer in ſecuring the 


firſt purpoſe of a writer, by exciting reſtleſs and un- 


quenchable curioſity, and com 
work to read it through. A ett b. e 4 
The ſhows and buſtle with which his plays abound have 
the ſame original. As knowledge advances, pleaſure 

ﬀes from the eye to the ear, but returns, as it declines, 
from the ear to the eye. Thoſe to whom our author's 
Jabours were exhibited had more ſkill in pomps or pro- 


pelling him that reads his 


by 


. ceflions than in poetieal language, and perhaps wanted 
ſome viſible and diſeriminated events, as comments on 


the dialogue. He knew how he ſhould moſt pleaſe; and 
whether his practice is more agreeable to nature, or 


whether his example has prejudiced the nation, we ſtill 


find that on car ſtage ſomething muſt be done as well as 
faid, and inactive declatnation is very coldly heard 


however muſical or elegant, paſſionate or ſublime. 


Voltaire expreſſes his wonder, that our author's ex- 
travagancies are endured by a nation, which has ſeen the 
2 of Cato. Let him be anſwered, that Addiſon 
iks the language of poets, and Shakſpeare, of men. 

e find in Cato innumerable beauties which enamour us 
of its author, but we ſee nothing that acquaints us with 
human ſentiments or human actions; we place it with 
the faireſt and the nobleſt progeny which judgment pro- 
pagates by conjunction with learning; but Oshello is the 
vigorous and vivacious offspring of obſervation impreg- 
nated by genius. Cato affords a ſplendid exhibition of 
artificial and kRitious manners, and delivers juſt and 


noble ſentiments, in dition eaſy, elevated, and harmo- 


nious, but its hopes and fears communicate no vibration 
to the heart; the compoſition refers us only to the 
writer; we pronounce the name of Cato, but we think 
moe > oO Or Tn, e 
The work of a correct and regular writer is a garden 
accurately formed and diligently planted, varied with 
ſnades, and ſcented with flowers; the compoſition of 
Shakſpeare is a foreſt, in which - oaks extend their 
4 10 | branches, 


* 


DR. JOHNSON 'S PREFACE. 23 


branches, and pines tower in the air, interſperſed ſome- 
times with weeds and brambles, and ſometimes giving 
ſhelter to myrtles and to roſes; filling the eye with aw- 
ful pomp, and gratifying the mind with endleſs diverſity. 
Other poets diſplay cabinets of precious rarities, mi- 
nutely finiſhed, wrought into ſhape, and poliſhed into 
brightneſs. Shakſpeare opens a mine which contains 
gold and diamonds in unexhauſtible plenty, though 
clouded by incruſtations, debaſed by impurities, and 
mingled with a maſs of meaner minerals. | 1 

It has been much diſputed, whether Shakſpeare owed 
his excellence to his own native force, or whether he had 
the common helps of ſcholaſtick education, the pre- 
cepts of critical ſcience, and the examples. of ancient 
authors. | 

There has always prevailed a tradition, that Shak- 
ſpeare wanted learning, that he had no regular educa- 
tion, nor much ſkill in the dead languages. Jonſon, his 
friend, affirms, that be had /mall Latin, and leſs Greet; 
who, beſides that he had no imaginable temptation to 
falſehood, wrote at a time when the character and ac- 
quiſitions of Shakſpeare were known to multitudes, His 
evidence ought therefore to decide the controverſy, un- 
leſs ſome teſtimony of equal force could be oppoſed. 

Some have imagined, that they have diſcovered deep 
learning in many imitations of old writers; but the ex- 
amples which 1 have known urged, were drawn from 
books tranſlated in his time; or were ſuch eaſy coinci- 
dences of thought, as will happen to all who confider the 
ſame ſubjeQs ; or ſuch remarks on life or axioms of mo- 
. rality as float in converſation, and are tranſmitted 
through the world in proverbial ſentences. 

I have found it remarked, that, in this important ſen- 
tence, Go, before, 11 follow, we read a tranſlation of, 
I prae, ſeguar. I have been told, that when Caliban, 
after a pleaſing dream, ſays, I cry'd zo fleep again, the 
author imitates Anacreon, who had, like every other 
man, the ſame wiſh on the ſame occaſion. 

There are a few paſſages which may paſs for imita- 
tions, but ſo few, that the exception only confirms the 
ThE 15 4] rule ; 


24 | DR. JOHNSON*'S PREFACE. 


rule; he obtained them from accidental quotations, or 
by oral communication, and as he uſed what he had, 
would have uſed more if he had obtained it. 
The Comedy of Errors is confeſſedly taken from the 
Menæchmi of Plautus; from the only play of Plautus 
which was then in Engliſh, What can be more proba- 
ble, than that he who copied that, would have copied 
more; but that thoſe which were not tranſlated were in- 
acceſlible ? ro} Hot | | 
Whether he knew the modern languages is uncertain. 
That his plays have ſome French ſcenes proves but little; 
he might eaſily procure them to be written, and proba- 
bly, even though he had known the language in the com- 
mon degree, he could not have written it without aſſiſt- 
ance. In the ſtory of Romeo and Fuliet he is obſerved to 
have followed the Engliſh tranſlation, where it deviates 


from the Italian; but this on the other part proves no- 


thing againſt his knowledge of the original. He was to 
copy, not what he knew himſelf, but what was known 
to his audience. 2% 2 

It is moſt likely that he had learned Latin ſufficiently 
to make him acquainted with conſtruction, but that he 
never advanced to an eaſy peruſal of the Roman authors. 


Concerning his {kill in modern languages, I can find no 


ſufficient ground of determination; but as no imitations 


of French or Italian authors have been diſcovered, though 


the Italian poetry was then high in eſteem, I am inclined 
to believe, that he read little more than Engliſh, and 
—— for his fables only ſuch tales as he found tranſ- 

ted. I; | 

That much knowledge is ſcattered over his works is 
very juſtly obſerved by Pope, but it is often ſuch know- 
ledge as books did not ſupply. He that will underſtand 
Shakſpeare, muſt not be content to ftudy him in the 
cloſet, he mutt look for his meaning ſometimes among 
the ſports of the field, and ſometimes among the manu- 


factures of the ſhop. 


There is however proof enough that he was a very dili- 
gent reader, nor was our language then ſo indigent of 
books, but that he might very liberally indulge his cu- 
| rioſity 


DR. JOHNSON'Ss PREFACE. 28 
rioſity without excurſion into foreign literature. Many 
of the Roman authors were tranflated, and ſome of the 
Greek; the Reformation had filled the kingdom with 
theological learning; moſt of the topicks of human diſ- 
quiſition had found Engliſh writers; and poetry had been 
cultivated, not only with diligence, but ſucceſs. This 
was a ſtock of knowledge ſufficient for a mind ſo capable 
of appropriating and improving it. r ee 

But the greater part of his excellence was the product 
of his own genius. He found the Engliſh ſtage in a ſtate 
of the utmoſt rudeneſs ; no eſſays either in tragedy or 
comedy had appeared, from which it could be diſcovered 
to what degree of delight either one or other might be 
carried. Neither character nor dialogue were yet un- 
derſtood. Shakſpeare may be truly faid to have intro- 
duced them both amongſt us, and in ſome of his happier 
ſcenes to have carried them both to the utmoſt height. 
By what gradations of improvement he proceeded, is 
not eaſily known; for the chronology of his works is yet 
unſettled, Rowe is of opinion, that perþaps we are not to 
look for his beginning, like thoſe of other writers, in his 
leaſt per fed works ; art had jo little, and nature ſo large a 
ſhare in what he did, that for ought I know, ſays he, the 
performances of his youth, as they were the moſt vigorous, 
were the beſt. But the power of nature is only the power 
of uſing to any certain purpoſe the materials which dili- 
gence procures, or opportunity ſupplies. Nature gives no 
man knowledge, and when images are collected by ſtudy 
and experience, can only aſſiſt in combining or applying 
them. Shakſpeare, however favoured by nature, could 
impart only what he had learned; and as he muſt in- 
creaſe his ideas, like other mortals, by gradual acqui- 
fition, he, like them, grew wiſer as he grew older, 
could diſplay life better, as he knew it more, and in- 
ſtruct with more efficacy, as he was himſelf more amply 
inſtructe t. 

There is a vigilance of obſervation and accuracy of 
diſtinction which books and precepts cannot confer ; 


from this almoſt all original and native excellence pro- 


ceeds. Shakipeare muſt have looked upon mankind with 


per- 


26 DR. JOHNSON*'S PREFACE. 


perſpicacity, in the higheſt degree curious and attentive. 
Other writers borrow their characters from preceding 
writers, and diverſify them only by the accidental appen- 
dages of preſent manners; the dreſs is a little varied, 
but the body 1s the ſame. Our author had both matter 
and form to provide; for, except the characters of Chau- 
cer, to whom I think he is not much indebted, there 
were no writers in Engliſh, and perhaps not many in 
other modern languages, which ſhewed life in its native 
colours. % EN, EN | 
The conteſt about the original benevolence or malig- 
nity of man had not yet commenced. Speculation had 
not yet attempted to analyſe the mind, to trace the paſ- 
fions to their ſources, to unfold the ſeminal principles of 
vice and virtue, or ſound the depths of the heart for the 
motives of action. All thoſe enquiries, which from that 
time that human nature became the faſhionable ſtudy, 
have been made ſometimes with nice diſcernment, but 
often with idle ſubtilty, were yet unattempted. The 


tales, with which the infancy of learning was ſatisfied, 


exhibited only the ſuperficial appearances of action, re- 
lated the events, but omitted the cauſes, and were form- 
ed for ſuch as delighted in wonders rather than in truth. 
Mankind was not then to be ſtudied in the cloſet; he 
that would know the world, was under the neceſſity of 
gleaning his own remarks, by mingling as he could in 

its buſineſs and amuſements. | | 
Boyle congratulated himſelf upon his high birth, be- 
cauſe it favoured his curioſity, by facilitating his acceſs. 
Shakſpeare had no ſuch advantage; he came to London 
a needy adventurer, and lived for a time by very mean 
employments. Many works of genius and learning have 
been performed in ſtates of life that appear very little 
favourable to thought or to enquiry; ſo many, that he 
who conſiders them is inclined to think that he ſees en- 
terprize and perſeverance predominating over all ex- 
ternal agency, and bidding help and hindrance vaniſh 
before them. The genius of Shakipeare was not to be 
depreſſed by the weight of poverty, nor limited by the 
narrow converſation to which men in want are inevitably 
| condemned; 


DR. JOHNSON'S PREFACR. 27 
condemned; the incumbrances of his fortune were ſhaken 
from his mind, as dew-drops from a lion's naue. 

Though he had fo many difficulties to encounter, and 
ſo little aſſiſtance to ſurmount them, he has been able to 
obtain an exact knowledge of many modes of life, and 
many caſts of native diſpoſitions; to vary them with 
great multiplicity ; to mark them by nice diſtinctions; 
and to ſhew them in full view by proper combinations, 
In this part of his performances he had none to imitate, 
but has been himſelf imitated by all ſucceeding writers 
and it may be doubted, whether from all his ſuceeſſors 
more maxims of theoretical knowledge, or more rules of 
practical prudence, can be collected, than he alone has 
given to his country. | 9 

Nor was his attention confined to the actions of men; 
he was an exact ſurveyor of the inanimate world; his de- 
ſcriptions have always ſome peculiarities, gathered by 
contemplating things as they really exiſt. It may be ob- 
ſerved, that the oldeſt poets of many nations preſerve 
their reputation, and that the following generations of 
wit, after a ſhort celebrity, ſink into oblivion. The 
firſt, whoever they be, muſt take their ſentiments and 
deſcriptions immediately from knowledge; the reſem. 
blance is therefore juſt, their deſcriptions are verified by 
every eye, and their ſentiments acknowledged by every 
breaſt. Thoſe whom their fame invites to the ſame ſtu- 
dies, copy partly them, and partly nature, till the books 
of one age gain ſuch authority, as to ſtand in the place of 
nature to another, and imitation, always deyjating a 
little, becomes at laſt capricious and caſual. Shak- 
ſpeare, whether life or nature be his ſubject, ſhews 
plainly, that he has ſeen with his own eyes; he gives 
the image which he receives, not weakened or diſtorted 
by the intervention of any other mind; the ignorant feel 
his repreſentations to be juſt, and the learned ſee that 
they are complete. | 

Perhaps it would not be eafy to find any author, ex- 
cept Homer, who invented fo much as Shakſpeare, who 
ſo much advanced the ſtudies which he cultivated, or 
effuſed ſo much novelty upon his age or country. pony 

| orm, 


28 DR. JoHNSON's PREFACE. 


form, the characters, the language, and the ſhows of the 
Engliſh drama are his. He ſeems, ſays Dennis, to have 
been the very original of our Engliſh tragical harmony, 
that is, the harmony of blank werſe, diverſified often by 
aiffpllable and trifjyllable terminations. For the diverſity 
Aiſtinguiſbes it from heroick harmony, and by bringing it 
nearer to common uſe makes it more proper to gain attention, 
and. more fit for action and dialogue. Such werſe we make 
auben we are writing proſe; we make ſuch verſe in common 
conver/ation. wit Lengyier! ef 7 

I know not whether this praiſe is rigorouſly juſt. The 
diſlyllable termination, which the critick rightly appro- 
priates to the drama, is to be found, though, 1 think, 
not in Gorboduc, which is confeſſedly before our author; 
yet in Hieronymo , of which the date is not certain, but 
which there is reaſon to believe at leaſt as old as his ear- 
lieſt plays. This however is certain, that he is the firſt 
who taught either tragedy or comedy to pleaſe, there 
being no theatrical piece of any older writer, of which 
the name is known, except to antiquaries and collectors 
of books, which are ſought becauſe they are ſcarce, 
and would not have been ſcarce, had they been much 
eſteemed. , n + end Gi fic; 
To him we muſt aſcribe the praiſe, unleſs Spenſer 
may divide it with him, of having firſt diſcovered to how 
much ſmoothneſs and harmony the Engliſh language 

could be ſoftened. He has ſpeeches, perhaps ſometimes 
ſcenes, which have all the delicacy of Rowe, without his 
effeminacy. He endeavours indeed commonly to ſtrike 
by the force and vigour of his dialogue, but he never 
executes his purpole better, than when he tries to ſooth 
by ſoftneſs. __ e ee nee 

Vet it muſt be at laſt confeſſed, that as we owe every 
thing to him, he owes ſomething to us; that, if much 
of his praiſe is paid by perception and judgment, much 
is likewiſe given by cuſtom and veneration. We fix our 
eyes upon his graces, and turn them from his deformi- 


It appears from the induction of Ben onſon's Bartholomew Fair 
to have been ated before the year 1590. STEEVENs. | 
; Do ties, 


DR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE. 29 


ties, and endure in him what we ſhould in another loath 
or deſpiſe. If we endured without praiſing, reſpe& for 
the father of our drama might excuſe us; but I have ſeen, 
in the book of ſome modern critick, a collection of ano- 
malies, which ſhew that he has corrupted language by 
every mode of depravation, but which his admirer has 
accumulated as a monument of honour. 15 

He has ſcenes of undoubted and perpetual excellence, 
but perhaps not one play, which, if it were now ex- 
hibited as the work of a contemporary writer, would be 
heard to the concluſion. I am indeed far from thinking, 
that his works were wrought to his own ideas of perfec- 
tion; when they were ſuch as would ſatisfy the audience, 
they ſatisfied the writer. It is ſeldom that authors, 
though more ſtudious of fame than Shakſpeare, riſe much 
above the ſtandard of their own age; to add a little to 
what is beſt will always be ſufficient for preſent praiſe, 
and thoſe who find themſelves exalted into fame, are 
willing to credit their encomiaſts, and to ſpare the labour 
of contending with themſelves. | 

It does not appear, that Shakſpeare thought his works 
worthy of-poſterity, that he levied any ideal tribute upon 
future times, or had any further proſpect, than of pre- 
ſent popularity and preſent profit. When his plays had 
been acted, his hope was at an end; he ſolicited no ad- 
dition of honour from the reader. - He therefore made no 
ſcruple to repeat the ſame jeſts in many dialogues, or to 
entangle different plots by the ſame knot of perplexity, 
which may be at leaſt forgiven him, by thoſe who recol- 
lect, that of Congreve's four comedies, two are con- 
cluded by a marriage in a maſk, by a deception, which 
perhaps never happened, and which, whether likely or 
not, he did not invent. 

So careleſs was this great poet of future fame, that, 
though he retired to eaſe and plenty, while he was yet 
little declined into the wale of years, betore he could be 
diſguſted with fatigue, or diſabled by infirmity, he made 
no collection of his works, nor deſired to reſcue thoſe 
that had been already publithed from the deprava- 
tions that obſcured them, or ſecure to the reſt a better 

: | deſtiny, 


— ———— — On OY 


——ũ— —G— — — —— — 22 


— a — A — AE as 


30 DR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE. 

defiinys by giving them to the world in their genuine 
Of the plays which bear the name of Shakſpeare in 
the late editions, the greater part were not publiſhed till 


about ſeven. years after his death, and the few which 


appeared in his life are apparently thruſt into the world 
without the care of the author, and therefore probably 
without his e , e „ | 
Oft all the publiſhers, clandeſtine or profeſſed, the 
negligence and unſkilfulneſs has by the late reviſers been 
ſufficiently ſhewn. The faults of all are indeed nume- 
rous and groſs, and have not only corrupted many paſ- 


| ſages perhaps beyond recovery, but have brought others 


into ſuſpicion, which are only obſcured by obſolete 
phraſeology, or by the writer's unſkilfulneſs and affec- 
tation. Io alter, is more eaſy than to explain, and 
temerity is a more common quality than diligence. 
Thoſe who ſaw that they muſt employ conjecture to a 
certain degree, were willing to indulge it a little fur- 
ther. Had the author publiſhed his own works, we 
ſhould have ſat quietly down to diſentangle his intri- 
cacies, and clear his obſcurities ; but now we tear what 
we cannot looſe, and eject what we happen not to un- 
derſtand, — : 8 | Toh 

The faults are more than could have happened without 
the concurrence of many cauſes. The ſtyle of Shakſpeare 


was in itſelf ungrammatical, perplexed, and obſcure ; 


his works were tranſcribed for the players by thoſe who 
may be ſuppoſed to have ſeldom underſtood them ; they 
were tranſmitted by. copiers equally unſkilful, who ſtill 
multiplied errors ; they were perhaps ſometimes muti- 
lated by the actors, for the ſake of ſhortening the 
ſpeeches ; and were at laſt printed without correction of 

Es 57-55 e ; 
In this ſtate they remained, not as Dr. Warburton 
ſuppoſes, becauſe they were unregarded, but becauſe the 
editor's art was not yet applied to modern languages, 
and our anceſtors were accuſtomed to ſo much negligence 
of Engliſh printers, that they could very patiently en- 
dure it. At laſt an edition was undertaken by Rowe; 
* | not 


N N 


DR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE. 37 


not becauſe a poet was to be publiſhed by a poet, for 
Rowe ſeems to have thought very little on correction or 
explanation, but that our author's works might appear 
like thoſe of his fraternity, with the appendages of a 
life and recommendatory preface. Rowe has been cla- 
morouſly blamed for not performing what he did not 
undertake, and it is time that juſtice be done him, by 
confeſling, that though he ſeems to have had no thought 
of corruption beyond the printer's errors, yet he has made 
many emendations, if they were not made before, which 
his ſucceſſors have received without acknowledgment, - 
and which, if they had produced them, would have fill- 
ed pages and pages with. cenſures of the ſtupidity by 
which the taults were committed, with diſplays of the 
abſurdities which they involved, with oftentatious expo- 
fitions of the new reading, and ſelf- congratulations on 
the happineſs of diſcovering it. | 

As of the other editors, I have preſerved the prefaces, 
I have likewiſe borrowed the author's life from Rowe, 
though not written with much elegance or ſpirit; it 
relates however what is now to be known, and there- 
fore deſerves to paſs through all ſucceeding publica- | 
tions. | | | 

The nation had been for many years content enough 
with Mr. Rowe's performance, when Mr. Pope made 
them acquainted with the true ſtate of Shakſpeare's text, 
ſhewed that it was extremely corrupt, and gave reaſon 
to hope that there were means of reforming it. He col- 
lated the old copies, which none had thought to examine 
before, and reſtored many lines to their integrity; but; 
by a very compendious criticiſm, he rejected whatever 
he diſliked, and thought more of amputation than of 
cure. 

I know not why he is commended by Dr. Warburton 
for diſtinguiſhing the genuine from the ſpurious plays. 
In this choice he exerted no judgment of his own ; the 
plays which he received, were given by Hemings and 
Condel, the firſt editors; and thoſe which he rejected, 
though, according to the licentiouſneſs of the preſs in 
thoſe times, they were printed during Shakſpeare's life, 

| 1 with 


: ————— — — 
= == 
— —-— — * 3 
* 
* 


* 
— — AS om 
— ENIIER 


” I. G 2 PR 
_- # - 
——— mepp ties 
—— — . ˙ 


32 DR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE. 


with his name, had been omitted by his friends, and 
were never added to his works before the edition of 
1664, from which they were copied by the later prin- 
ters. : 
This is a work which Pope ſeems to have thought un- 
worthy of his abilities, being not able to ſuppreſs his 
contempt of he dull duty of an editor. He underſtood 
but half his undertaking. The duty of a collator is in- 
deed dull, yet, like other tedious taſks, is very neceſ- 
fary ; but an emendatory critick would ill diſcharge his 
duty, without qualities very different from dulneſs. In 
peruſing a corrupted piece, he muſt have before him all 
poſſibilities of meaning, with all poſlibilities of expreſ- 
ſion. Such muſt be his comprehenſion of thought, and 
ſuch his copiouſneſs of language. Out of many readings 
poſſible, he muſt be able to ſelect that which beſt ſuits 


with the ſtate, opinions, and modes of language pre- 


vailing in every age, and with his author's particular 
caſt of thought, and turn of expreſſion. Such muſt be 
his knowledge, and ſuch his taſte. Conjectural criticiſm 
demands more than humanity poſſeſſes, and he that ex- 
erciſes it with moſt praiſe, has very frequent need of 
indulgence. Let us now be told no more of the dull duty 
of an editor. | ; 
Confidence is the common conſequence of ſucceſs. 
They whoſe excellence of any kind has been loudly cele- 
brated, are ready to conclude, that their powers are 
univerſal. Pope's edition fell below his own expecta- 


tions, and he was ſo much offended, when he was found 


to have left any thing for others to do, that he paſſed. 

the latter part of his life in a ſtate of hoſtility with ver- 

bal criticiſm. | 
J have retained all his notes, that no fragment of ſo 


great a writer may be loſt ; his preface, valuable alike 


for elegance of compoſition and juſtneſs of remark, and 
containing a general criticiſm on his author, ſo extenfive 
that little can be added, and ſo exact, that little can be 
diſputed, every editor has an intereſt to ſuppreſs, but 
that every reader would demand its inſertion. 


Pope 


PDR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE. 33 


Pope was ſucceeded by Theobald, a man of narrow 
comprehenſion, and ſmall acquiſitions, with no native 
and intrinſic ſplendor of genius, with little of the arti- 
ficial light of learning, but zealous for minute accuracy, 
and not negligent in purſuing it. He collated the 
ancient copies, and rectified many errors. A man ſo 
anxiouſly ſcrupulous might have been expected to do 
more, but what little he did was commonly right, 

In his reports of copies and editions he is not to be 
truſted without examination. He ſpeaks ſometimes in- 
definitely of copies, when he has only one. In his enu- 
meration of editions, he mentions the two firſt folios as 
of high, and the third folio as of middle authority ; but 
the truth is, that the firſt is equivalent to all others, and 
that the reſt only deviate from it by the printer's negli- 
gence. Whoever has any of the folios has all, excepting 
thoſe diverſities which mere reiteration of editions will 
produce. I collated them all at the beginning, but 
afterwards uſed only the firſt. | | 

Of his notes I have generally retained thoſe which he 
retained himſelf in his ſecond edition, except when they 
were confuted by ſubſequent annotators, or were too mi- 
nute to merit preſervation. I have ſometimes adopted his 
reſtoration of a comma, without inſerting the panegyrick 
in which he celebrated himſelf for his atchievement. 
The exuberant excreſcence of his diction I have often 
lopped, his triumphant exultations over Pope and Rowe 
I have ſometimes ſuppreſſed, and his contemptible oſten- 
tation I have frequently concealed ; but I have in ſome 
places ſhewn him, as he would have ſhewn himſelf, for 
the reader's diverſion, that the inflated emptineſs of 
ſome notes may juſtify or excuſe the contraction of the 
reſt, | 5 

Theobald, thus weak and ignorant, thus mean and 
faithleſs, thus petulant and oſtentatious, by the good 
luck of having Pope for his enemy, has eſcaped, and 
eſcaped alone, with reputation, from this undertaking. 
So willingly does the world ſupport thoſe who ſolicit 
favour, againſt thoſe who command reverence; and ſo 
eaſily is he praiſed, whom no man can envy. 

Vol. I. FC] | Our 


1 — — nere 


1 — 2 . SC — Ee "oY 
= — 5 — + — — 2 
. * 
1 


34 DR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE. 
Our author fell then into the hands of Sir Thomas 
Hanmer, the Oxford editor, a man, in my opinion, 
eminently qualified by nature for ſuch ſtudies. He had, 
what is the firſt requiſite to emendatory criticiſm, that 
intuition by which the poet's intention 1s immediately 
diſcovered, and that dexterity of intelle& which diſ- 
patches its work by the eaſieſt means. He had undoubt- 


_ edly read much; his acquaintance with cuſtoms, opi- 


nions, and traditions, ſeems to have been large; and he 
is often learned without ſhew. He ſeldom paſſes what 
he does not underſtand, without an attempt to find or to 


make a meaning, and ſometimes haſtily makes what a 
little more attention would have found. He is ſolicitous 


to reduce to grammar, what he could not be ſure that 
his author intended to be grammatical. Shakſpeare re- 


eee more the ſeries of ideas, than of words; and his 
Ia 


nguage, not being deſigned for the reader's deſk, was 
all that he deſired it to be, if at conveyed his meaning 


to the andience. | 


Hanmer's care of the metre has been too violently 
cenſured. He found the meaſure reformed in fo many 
paſſages, by the filent labours of ſome editors, with the 
filent acquieſcence of the reſt, that he thought himſelf 
allowed to extend a little further the licence, which had 
already been carried ſo far without reprehenſion; and of 


his corrections in general, it muſt be confeſſed, that they 


are often juſt, and made commonly with the leaſt poſſible 
violation of the text. 5 | 

But, by inſerting his emendations, whether invented 
or borrowed, into the page, without any notice of vary- 
ing copies, he has appropriated the labour of his prede- 
ceſſors, and made his own edition of little authority. 
His confidence indeed, both in himſelf and others, was 
too great; he ſuppoſes all to be right that was done by 
Pope and Theobald; he ſeems not to ſuſpect a critick of 
fallibility, and it was but reaſonable that he ſhould claim 


what he ſo liberally granted. | 


- 


As he never writes without careful enquiry and dili- 
2 conſideration, I have received all his notes, and 
lieve that every reader will wiſh for more. 


| 4 h Of 


DR. JOHNSON'S PRE FACE. 35 

Of the laſt editor it is more difficult to ſpeak. Reſpect 
is due to high place, tenderneſs to living reputation, and 
veneration to genius and learning; but he cannot be 
juſtly offended at that liberty of which he has himſelf ſo 
frequently given an example, nor very ſolicitous what is 
thought of notes, which he ought never to have conſidered 
as part of his ſerious employments, and which, I ſuppoſe, 
ſince the ardor of compoſition is remitted, he no longer 
numbers among his happy effuſions. | 

The original and predominant error of his commen- 
tary, is acquieſcence in his firſt thoughts; that precipi- 
tation which is produced by conſciouſneſs of quick diſ- 
cernment; and that confidence which preſumes to do, 
by ſurveying the ſurface, what labour only can perform, 
by penetrating the bottom. His notes exhibit ſometimes 
perverſe interpretations, and ſometimes improbable con- 
jectures; he at one time gives the author more profun- 
dity of meaning than the ſentence admits, andat another 
diſcovers abſurdities, where the ſenſe is plain to every 
other reader. But his emendations are likewiſe often 
happy and juſt; and his interpretation of obſcure paſſages 
learned and ſagacious. . | 

Of his notes, I have commonly rejected thoſe, againſt 
which the general voice of the publick has exclaimed, 
or which their own incongruity immediately condemns, 
and which, I ſuppoſe the author himſelf would deſire to 
be forgotten. Of the reft, to part I have given the 
higheſt approbation, by inſerting the offered reading in 
the text; part I have left to the judgment of the reader, 
as doubtful, though ſpecious ; and part I have cenſured 
without reſerve, but I am ſure without bitterneſs of ma- 
lice, and, I hope, without wantonneſs of inſult. 

It is no pleaſure to me, in reviſing my volumes, to ob- 
ſerve how much paper is waſted in confutation. Whoever 
conſiders the [revolutions of learning, and the various 
queſtions of greater or leſs importance, upon which wit 
and reaſon have exerciſed their powers, muſt lament the 
unſucceſsfulneſs of enquiry, and the flow advances of 
truth, when he reflects, that great part of the labour of 
every writer is only the deſtruction of thoſe that went 
| 1e before 


36 DR. JOHNSON*'S PREFACE. 
before him.. The firſt care of the builder of a new ſyſtem, 
is to demoliſh the fabricks which are ſtanding. The 
Chief defire of him that comments an author, 1s to ſhew 
how much other commentators have 'corrupted and ob- 
ſcured him. The opinions prevalent in one age, as 
truths above the reach of controverſy, are confuted and 
rejected in another, and riſe again to reception in re- 
moter times. Thus the human mind is kept in motion 
without progreſs. Thus ſometimes truth and error, and 
ſometimes contrarieties of error, take each other's place 
by reciprocal invaſion. The tide of ſeeming knowledge 
Which is poured over one generation, retires and leaves 
another naked and barren ; the ſudden meteors of intel- 
ligence, which for a while appear to ſhoot their beams 
into the regions of obſcurity, on a ſudden withdraw 
their luſtre, and leave mortals again to grope their 
Ways | ; 
1 heſe elevations and depreſſions of renown, and the 
contradictions to which all improvers of knowledge muſt 
for ever be expoſed, ſince they are not eſcaped by the 
higheſt and brighteſt of mankind, may ſurely be ee! 
with patience by criticks and annotators, who can rank. 
themſelves but as the ſatellites of their authors. -How 
canſt thou beg for life, ſays Homer's hero to his captive, 
when thou knoweſt that thou art now to ſuffer only what, 
muſt ancther day be ſuffered by Achilles ? | 
Dr. Warburton had a name ſufficient to confer celebrity 
on thoſe who could exalt themſelves into antagoniſts, and 
his notes have raiſed a clamour too loud to be diſtinct. 
His chief aſſailants are the authors of The canons of criti= 
ciſin, and of The revijal of Shakſpeare's text; of whom 
one ridicules his errors with airy petulance, ſuitable 
enough to the levity of the controverſy ; the other attacks 
them with roy malignity, as if he were dragging to 
Juſtice an aſſaſſin or incendiary. The one ſtings like a 
fly, ſucks a little blood, takes a gay flutter, and returns 
for more; the other bites like a viper, and would be 
glad to leave inflammations and gangrene behind him. 
When I think on one, with his confederates, I remem- 
ber the danger of Coriolanus, who was afraid that Poe 
| Tit 


DR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE. 37 


/ pit, and boys with flones, ſhould flay him in puny battle; 
when the other croſſes my imagination, I remember the 
prodigy in Macbeth . 


A falcon tow*ring in his pride of place, 
Was by a mouſing owl hawk'd at and kilPd. 


Let me however do them juſtice. One is a wit, and 
one a ſcholar *. They have both ſhewn acuteneſs ſuffi- 
cient in the diſcovery of faults, and have both advanced 
ſome probable interpretations of obſcure paſſages ; but 
when they aſpire to conjecture and emendation, it ap- 
pears how falſely we all eftimate our own abilities, and 
the little which they have been able to perform might 
have taught them more candour to the endeavours of 
others, | | | 

Before Dr. Warburton's edition, Critical obſervations 
on Shakſpeare had been publiſhed by Mr. Upton , a 
man ſkilled in languages, and acquainted with books, 
but who ſeems to have had no great vigour of genius or 
nicety of taſte, Many of his explanations are curious 
and uſeful, but he likewiſe, though he profeſſed to op- 
| Poſe the licentious confidence of editors, and adhere to 
the old copies, is unable to reſtrain the rage of emenda- 
tion, though his ardour is ill ſeconded by his ſkill. Every 
cold empirick, when his heart is expanded by a ſucceſs- 
ful experiment, ſwells into a theoriſt, and the labo- 
rious collator at ſome unlucky moment frolicks in con- 


% 


e 


Critical, hiftorical, and explanatory notes have been 
likewiſe publiſhed upon Shakſpeare by Dr. Grey, whoſe 
diligent peruſal of the old Engliſh writers has enabled 
him to make ſome uſeful obſervations, What he under- 


I 


It is extraordinary that this gentleman ſhould attempt ſo volumi- 
nous a work, as the Rewiſal of Shakſpeare's text, when he tells us in 
his preface, „he was not ſo fortunate as to be furniſhed with either 
« of the folio editions, much leſs any of the ancient quartos; and 
cc even Sir Thomas Hanmer's performance was known to him only by 
& Dr. Warburton's repreſentation.” FARMER. | | 

+ Republiſhed by him in 1748, after Dr. Warburton's edition, with 
alterations, &c. STEEVENS. , 


K took 


1 —— — 2 — us Os" AB Fae + 


33 DR. JOHNSON*'S PREFACE. 


took he has well enough performed, but as he neither 
attempts judicial nor emendatory criticiſm, he employs 
rather his memory than his ſagacity. It were to be 
wiſhed that all would endeavour to imitate his modeſty, 
who have not been able to ſurpaſs his knowledge. 

I can ſay with great ſincerity of all my predeceſſors, 
what I hope will hereafter be ſaid of me, that not one 
has left Shakſpeare without improvement, nor is there 
one to whom | have not been indebted for aſſiſtance and 
information. Whatever I have taken from them, it was 
my intention to refer to its original author, and it is cer- 
tain, that what I have not given to another, I believed 
when I wrote it to be my own. In ſome perhaps I have 
been anticipated ; but if I am ever found to encroach 
upon the remarks of any other commentator, I am will- 


ing that the honour, be it more or leſs, ſhould be tranſ- 


ferred to the firſt claimant, for his right, and his alone, 


ſtands above diſpute; the ſecond can prove his preten- 
tenſions only to himſelf, nor can himſelf always diſ- 


tinguiſh invention, with ſufficient certainty, from re- 
collection. i . | | 

They have all been treated by me with candour, which 
they have not been careful.of obſerving to one another. 
It is not eaſy to diſcover from what cauſe the acrimony 
of a ſcholiaſt can naturally proceed. The ſubjects to be 


diſcuſſed by him are of very ſmall importance; they in- 
volve neither property nor liberty; nor favour the in- 


tereſt of ſect or party. The various readings of copies, 


and different interpretations of a paſſage, ſeem to be 
. queſtions that might exerciſe the wit, without engaging 


the paſſions, But whether it be, that /mall things make 


mean men proud, and vanity catches {ſmall occaſions ; or 


that all contrariety of opinion, even in thoſe that can 
defend it no longer, makes proud men angry; there is 
often found in commentaries a ſpontaneous ſtrain of in- 
vective and contempt, more eager and venomous: than 
is vented by the moſt furious controvertiſt in politicks 
againſt thoſe whom he is hired to defame. | 
Perhaps the lightneſs of the matter may conduce to the 
vehemence of the agency; when the truth to be 1 
| . | gate 


4 


DR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE, 39 
gated 1s ſo near to inexiſtence, as to eſcape attention, its 
bulk is to be enlarged by rage and exclamation : that to 
which all would be indifferent in its original ſtate, may 
attract notice when the fate of a name is appended to it. 
A commentator has indeed great temptations to ſupply 
by turbulence what he wants of dignity, to beat his little 
gold to a ſpacious ſurface, to work that to foam which 
no art or diligence can exalt to ſpirit. | | 
The notes which I have borrowed or written are either 
illuſtrative, by which difficulties are explained; or judi- 
cial, by which faults and beauties are remarked ; or 
emendatory, by which depravations are corrected. 

The explanations tranſcribed from others, if I do not 
ſubjoin any other interpretation, I ſuppoſe commonly to 
be right, at leaſt I intend by acquieſcence to confeſs, 
that 1 have nothing better to propoſe. | 

After the labours of all the editors, I found many 

paſſages which appeared to me likely to obſtruct the 
greater number of. readers, and thought it my duty to 
facilitate their paſſage. It is impoſſible for an expoſitor 
not to write too little for ſome, and too much for others. 
He can only judge what is neceſſary by his own experi- 
ence; and how long ſoever he may deliberate, wall at 
laſt explain many lines which the learned will think im- 
poſſible to be miſtaken, and omit many for which the 
ignorant will want his help. Theſe are cenſures merely 
relative, and muſt be quietly endured. I have endea- 
voured to be neither ſuperfluouſly copious, nor ſcrupu- 
louſly reſerved, and hope that I have made my author's 
meaning acceſſible to many, who before were frighted 
from peruſing him, and contributed ſomething to the 
publick, by diffuſing innocent and rational pleaſure. 

The complete explanation of an author not ſyſtematick 
and qi Ege but deſultory and vagrant, abound- 
ing in caſual alluſions and light hints, is not to be ex- 
pected from any ſingle ſcholiaſt. All perſonal reflections, 
when names are ſuppreſſed, muſt be in a few years irre- 
caverably obliterated ; and cuſtoms, too minute to attract 

the notice of law, ſuch as modes of dreſs, formalities of 
converſation, rules of viſits, diſpoſition of furniture, and 
Ye [ C * Practices 


40 DR. JOHNSON*'S PRE FAC E. 


practices of ceremony, which naturally find places in 
familiar dialogue, are ſo fugitive and unſubſtantial, that 
they are not eaſily retained or recovered. What can be 
known will be collected by chance, from the receſſes of 
obſcure and obſolete papers, peruſed commonly with 
ſome other view. Of this knowledge every man has 
ſome, and none has much; but when an author has en- 
gaged the publick attention, thoſe who can add any 
thing to his illuſtration, communicate their diſcoveries, 
and time produces what had eluded diligence. | 
To time I have been obliged to reſign many paſſages, 
which, though I did not underſtand them, will perhaps 
hereafter be explained, having, I hope, illuſtrated ſome, 
which others have neglected or miſtaken, ſometimes by 
ſhort remarks, or marginal directions, ſuch as every edi- 
tor has added at his will, and often by comments more 
laborious than the matter will ſeem to deſerve ; but that 
which 1s moſt difficult 1s not always moſt important, and 
to an editor nothing is a trifle by which his author is ob- 


cured. 


The poetical beauties or defects I have not been very 


diligent to obſerve. Some plays have more, and ſome 


fewer judicial obſervations, not in proportion to their 
difference of merit, but becauſe I gave this part of my 
deſign to chance and to caprice. The reader, I believe, 
is ſeldom pleaſed to find his opinion anticipated; it is 


natural to delight more in what we find or make, than 
in what we receiye. Judgment, like other faculties, is 


improved by practice, and its advancement is hindered 
by ſubmiſſion to dictatorial decifions, as the memory 
grows torpid by the uſe of a table- book. Some initia- 
tion is however neceſſary ;* of all ſkill, part is infuſed by 
precept. and part is obtained by habit; I have therefore 
ſhewn ſo much as may enable the candidate of criticiſm 


- to diſcover the reſt. 


To the end of moſt plays I have added ſhort ſtrictures, 


containing a general cenſure of faults, or praiſe of ex- 


oellence; in which I know not how much I have concur- 
red with the current opinion ; but 1 have not, by any 
affeftation of fingularity, deviated from it, Nothing is 

| minutely 


PDR. JOHNSONꝰS PREFACE. 41 


minutely and particularly examined, and therefore it is 
to be ſuppoſed, that in the plays which are condemned 
there is much to be praiſed, and in theſe which are 
praiſed much to be condemned. | 
The part of criticiſm in which the whole ſucceſſion of 
editors has laboured with the greateſt diligence, which 
has occaſioned the moſt arrogant oſtentation, and ex- 
cited the keeneſt acrimony, is the emendation of cor- 
rupted paſſages, to which the publick attention having 
been firſt drawn by the violence of the contention be- 
tween Pope and Theobald, has been continued by the 
perſecution, which, with a kind of conſpiracy, has 
been fince raiſed againſt all the publiſhers of Shak- 
ſpeare. | - 
That many paſſages have paſſed in a ſtate of deprava- 
tion through all the editions is indubitably certain; of 
theſe the reſtoration 1s only to be attempted by collation 
of copies, or ſagacity of conjecture. The collator's 
province is ſafe and eaſy, the conjecturer's perilous and 
difficult. Yet as the greater part of the plays are extant 
only in one copy, the peril muſt not be avoided, nor the 
difficulty refuſed. | | ; 

Of the readings which this emulation of amendment 
has hitherto produced, ſome from the labours of every 
publiſher I have advanced into the text; thoſe are to be 
conſidered as in my opinion ſufficiently ſupported ; ſome 
I have rejected without mention, as evidently errone- 
ous ; ſome I have left in the notes without cenſure or 
approbation, as reſting in equipoiſe between objection 
and defence; and' ſome, which ſeemed ſpecious, but 
not right, I have inſerted with a ſubſequent animad- 
verſion. | 

Having claſſed the obſervations of others, I was at laſt 
to try what I could ſubſtitute for their miſtakes, and how 
I could ſupply their omiflions. I collated ſuch copies as 
I could procure, and wiſhed for more, but have not found 
the collectors of theſe rarities very communicative. Of 
the editions which chance or kindneſs put into my hands 
I have given an enumeration, that 1 may not be blamed 
for neglecting what I had not the power to do. 


By 


42 DR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE. 


By examining the old copies, I ſoon found that the 
later publiſhers, with all their boaſts of diligence, ſuf- 
fered many paſſages to ftand unauthorized, and content- 
ed themſelves with Rowe's regulation of the text, even 
where they knew it to be arbitrary, and with a little 
conſideration might have found it to be wrong. Some 
of theſe alterations are only the ejection of a word for one 


that appeared to him more elegant or more intelligible, 


Theſe corruptions I have often filently rectiſied; for the 
| hiſtory of our language, and the true force of our words, 
can only be preſerved, by keeping the text of authors 
free from adulteration. Others, and thoſe very frequent, 
ſmoothed the cadence, or regulated the meaſure; on 
theſe 1 have not exerciſed the ſame rigour; if only a 
word was tranſpoſed, or a particle inſerted or omitted, 
I have ſometimes ſuffered the line to ſtand ; for the in- 
conſtancy of the copies 1s ſuch, as that ſome liberties 
may be eaſily permitted. But this practice I have not 
ſuffered to proceed far, having reſtored the primitive 
diction wherever it could for any reaſon be preferred. 
The emendations, which compariſon of copies ſup- 
lied, I have inſerted in the text; ſometimes, where the 
improvement was ſlight, without notice, and ſometimes 
with an account of the reaſons of the change. 
Conjecture, though it be ſometimes unavoidable, I 
have not wantonly nor licentiouily indulged. It has been 
my ſettled principle, that the reading of the ancient 
books is probably true, and therefore is not to be diſturb- 
ed for the ſake of elegance, perſpicuity, or mere im- 
proyement of the ſenſe. For though much credit is not 
due to the fidelity, nor any to the judgment of the firſt 
publiſhers, yet they who had the copy before their eyes 
- were more likely to read it right, than we who read it 
only by imagination. But it is evident that they have 
often made ſtrange miſtakes by ignorance or negligence, 
and that therefore ſomething may be properly attempted © 
by criticiſm, keeping the middle way between preſump- 
tion and timidity. : Y 
Such criticiſm I have attempted to practiſe, and where 
any paſſage appeared inextricably perplexed, have en- 
a | | | deavoured 


DR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE. 43 


endeavoured to diſcover how it may be recalled to ſenſe, 
with leaſt violence. But my firſt labour is, always to 
turn the old text on every ſide, and try if there be any 
interſtice, through which light can find its way; nor 
would Huetius himſelf condemn me, as refuſing the 
trouble of reſearch, for the ambition of alteration, In 
this modeſt induſtry I have not been unſucceſsful. I have 
reſcued many lines from the violations of temerity, and 
ſecured many ſcenes from the inroads of correction. 1 
have adopted the Roman ſentiment, that it is more 
honourable to ſave a citizen, than to kill an enemy, and 
have been more careful to protect than to attack. 

I have preſerved the common diſtribution of the plays 
into acts, though I believe it to be in almoſt all the plays 
void of authority. Some of thoſe which are divided in 
the later editions have no diviſion in the firſt folio, and 
ſome that are divided 1n the folio have aer in the 


preceding copies. The ſettled mode of the theatre re- 


quires four intervals in the play, but few, if any, of our 


author's compoſitions can be properly diſtributed in that 
manner. An act 1s ſo much of the drama as paſſes with- 
out intervention of time, or change of place. A pauſe 
makes a new act. In every real, and therefore in every 
imitative action, the intervals may be more or fewer, 
the reſtriction of five acts being accidental and arbitrary. 
This Shakſpeare knew, and this he practiſed; his plays 
were written, and at firſt printed in one unbroken con- 
tinuity, and ought now to be exhibited with ſhort pauſes, 
interpoſed as often as the ſcene is changed, or any con- 
fiderable time is required to paſs. This method would 
at once quell a thouſand abſurdities. "SES 29 
In reſtoring the author's works to their integrity, I 
have conſidered the punctuation as wholly in my power; 
for what could be their care of colons and commas, who 
corrupted words and ſentences. Whatever could be done 
by adjuſting points, is therefore filently performed, in 
ſome plays, with much diligence, in others with leſs ; 
it is hard to keep a buſy eye ſteadily fixed upon evane- 
ſcent atoms, or a diſcurſive mind upon evaneſcent truth, 


The 


—_— A es. es ů ——— — —AWrVV — — 


„ DR. JOHNSON“ S PREFACE. 

The ſame liberty has been taken with a few particles, 
or other words of flight effect. I have ſometimes in- 
ſerted or omitted them without notice. I have done 
that ſometimes, which the other editors have done al- 
ways, and which indeed the ſtate of the text may ſuffi- 
ciently juſtify. | ; 

The greater part of readers, inſtead of blaming us for 
paſſing trifles, will wonder that on mere trifles ſo much 
labour is expended, with ſuch importance of debate, and 
ſuch ſolemnity of dition. To theſe I anſwer with con- 
Kdence, that they are judging of an art which they do 
not underſtand; yet cannot much reproach them with 
their ignorance, nor promiſe that they would become in 
7 0 by learning criticiſm, more uſeful, happier, or 
wiſer. | | 

As I practiſed conjecture more, I learned to truſt it 
Jeſs; and after I had printed a few plays, reſolved to 
Inſert none of my own readings in the text. Upon this 
caution I now congratulate myſelf, for every day en- 
creaſes my doubt of my emendations, | 


Since I have confined my imagination to the margin, 


it muſt not be conſidered as very reprehenfible, if I 


| Have ſuffered it to play ſome freaks in its own do- 


minion. There is no danger in conjecture, if it be 
propoſed as conjecture; and while the text remains un- 
injured, thoſe changes may be ſafely offered, which are 
not conſidered even by him that offers them as neceſſary 
or ſafe. g OY - 
If my readings are of little value, they have not been 
oſtentatiouſly difplayed or importunately obtruded, I 


could have written longer notes, for the art of writing 


notes is not of difficult attainment. The work is per- 


formed, firſt by railing at the ſtupidity, negligence, 


ignorance, and aſinine taſteleſſneſs of the former editors, 
and ſhewing, from all that goes before and all that fol- 
lows, the inelegance and abſurdity of the old reading; 


then by propoſing ſomething, which to ſuperficial readers 


would ſeem ſpecious, but which the editor rejects with 
indignation; then by producing the true reading, with 
a long paraphraſe, and concluding with loud acclama- 
38 | tions 


DR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE 43 


tions on the diſcovery, and a ſober wiſh for the advance- 
ment and proſperity of genuine criticiſm. 

All this may be done, and perhaps done ſometimes 
without impropriety.. But 1 have always ſuſpected that 
the reading 1s right, which requires many words to 
prove it wrong ; and the emendation wrong, that can- 
not without ſo much labour appear to be right. The 
juſtneſs of a happy reſtoration ſtrikes at once, and the 
moral precept may be well applied to criticiſm, quod 
dubitas ne feceris. | 

To dread the ſhore which he ſees ſpread with wrecks, 
1s natural to the ſailor. I had before my eye, ſo many 
critical adventures ended in miſcarriage, that caution 
was forced upon me. I encountered in every page wit 
ſtruggling with its own ſophiſtry, and learning confuſed 
dy the multiplicity of its views. I was forced to cenſure 
thoſe whom I admired, and could not but refle&, while 
I was diſpoſſeſſing their emendations, how ſoon the ſame 
fate might happen to my own, and how many of the 
readings which I have corrected may be by ſome other 
editor defended and eſtabliſhed. 


Criticks I ſaw, that other's names efface, 

And fix their own, with labour, in the place; 
Their own, like others, ſoon their place refign'd, 
Or diſappear d, and left the firſt behind. POPE. 


That a conjectural critick ſhould often be miſtaken, 
cannot be wonderful, either to others or himſelf, if it 
be conſidered, that in his art there is no ſyſtem, no prin- 
cipal and axiomatical truth that regulates ſubordinate 
poſitions. His chance of error 1s renewed at every at- 
tempt; an oblique view of the paſlage, a ſlight miſ- 
apprehenſion of a phraſe, a caſual inattention to the parts 
connected, is ſufficient to make him not only fail, but 
fail ridiculouſly ; and when he ſucceeds beſt, he pro- 
duces perhaps but one reading of many probable, and 
o that ſuggeſts another will always be able to diſpute 

1s claims, | | 

It is an unhappy ſtate, in which danger is hid under 


Pleaſure, The allurements of emendation are ſcarcely 
| reſiſtible. 


a — — 
= — 


—— — 


— — — 


— —— 


rr N= . 
— — — — — — - 
| . a CHER 
— p 


1 


— — x * 


- 5 — — — — — — ED As 4 


46 DR. JOHNSON*'S PRE FACE. 


reſiſtible. Conjecture has all the joy and all the pride of 
invention, and he that has once ſtarted a happy change, 
is too much delighted to conſider what objections may 
riſe againſt it. | X | 

Vet conjectural criticiſm has been of great uſe in the 
learned world; nor is it my intention to depreciate a 
ſtudy, that has exerciſed ſo many mighty minds, from 
the revival of learning to our own age, from the 
biſhop of Aleria to Engliſh Bentley. The criticks on 


ancient authors have, in the exerciſe of their ſagacity, 


many aſſiſtances, which the editor of Shakeſpeare is con- 
demned to want. They are employed upon grammati- 
cal and ſettled languages, whoſe conſtruction contributes 
ſo much to perſpicuity, that Homer has fewer paſſages 
unintelligible than Chaucer. The words have not only 
a known regimen, but invariable quantities, which di- 
rect and confine the choice. There are commonly more 
manuſcripts than one; and they do not often conſpire 
in the ſame miſtakes. Yet Scaliger could confeſs to 


Salmaſius how little ſatisfaction his emendations gave 


him. Illudunt nobis conjecturæ noſtræ, quarum nos pudet, 
poſteaguam in meliores codices incidimus. And Liphus 
could complain, that criticks were making faults, by 
trying to remove them, Ut olim vitiis, ita nunc remediis 
laboratur. And indeed, where mere conjecture is to be 
uſed, the emendations of Scaliger and Lipſius, notwith- 
ſtanding their wonderful ſagacity and erudition, are 
often vague and diſputable, like mine or Theobald's. 
Perhaps I may not be more cenſured for doing wrong, 
than for doing little; for raiſing in the publick expecta- 
tions, which at laſt I have not anſwered. The expec- 
tation of ignorance is indefinite, and that of knowledge 
is often tyrannical. It is hard to ſatisfy thoſe who know 
not what to demand, or thoſe who demand by deſign 
what they think impoſlible to be done. I have indeed 
diſappointed no. opinion more than my own ; yet 1 have 
endeavoured to perform my taſk with no ſlight ſolicitude. 
Not a ſingle paſſage in the whole work has appeared to 
me corrupt, which 1 have not attempted to reſtore : or 
obſcure, which I have not endeavoured to illuſtrate. - In 
many I have failed like others; and from many, e 
8 5 a f ; ; a 


DR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE. 37 


all my efforts, I have retreated, and confeſſed the repulſe. 
I have not paſſed over, with affected ſuperiority, what is 
equally difficult to the reader and to myſelf, but where I 
could not inſtrut him, have owned my ignorance. I 
might eaſily have accumulated a maſs of ſeeming learn- 
ing upon eaſy ſcenes ; but it ought not to be imputed to 
negligence, that, where nothing was neceſſary, oC 
has been done, or that, where others have ſaid enough, 
have ſaid no more. 5 

Notes are often neceſſary, but they are neceſſary evils. 
Let him, that is yet unacquainted with the powers of 
Shakſpeare, and who deſires to feel the higkeit pleaſure 
that the drama can give, read every play, from the firſt 
ſcene to the laſt, with utter negligence of all his com- 
mentators. When his fancy is once on the wing, let it 
not ſtoop at correction or explanation. When his atten- 
tion is ſtrongly engaged, let it diſdain alike to turn aſide 
to the name of Theobald and of Pope. Let him read on 
through brightneſs and obſcurity, through integrity and 
corruption; let him preſerve his comprehenſion of the 
dialogue and his intereſt in the fable. And when the 
Pleaſures of novelty have ceaſed, let him attempt exact - 
neſs, and read the commentators. 

Particular paſſages are cleared by notes, but the ge- 
neral effect of the work is weakened. The mind is 
refrigerated by interruption; the thoughts are diverted. 
from the principal ſubject; the reader is weary, he 
ſuſpects not why; and at laſt throws away the book which 
he has too diligently ſtudied. 

Parts are not to be examined till the whole has been 
ſurveyed; there is a kind of intellectual remoteneſs 
neceſſary for the comprehenſion of any great work in its 
full deſign and in its true proportions; a cloſe approach 
ſhews the ſmaller niceties, but the beauty of the whole is 
diſcerned no longer. . | 

It is not very grateful to conſider how little the ſuc- 
ceſſion of editors has added to this author's power of 
pleaſing. He was read, admired, ſtudied, and imitated, 
while he was yet deformed with all the improprieties 
which ignorance and neglect could accumulate upon him; 

Vor. I, W while 


r. —— — — —— ye ————— 8 | 


. 4,” ERR ASC 13 " * '% 


————— ——— —-— — 


Every work of this kind is by its nature deficient, 


48 DR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE. | 


while the reading was yet not rectified, nor his allufions 
underſtood ; yet then did Dryden pronounce, *< that 
5 Shakeſpeare was the man, who, of all modern and 
e perhaps ancient poets, had the largeſt and moſt com- 
«© prehenfive ſoul. All the images of nature were ſtill 
<< preſent to him, and he drew them not laboriouſly, but 
75 ſuckily : when he deſcribes any thing, you more than 
« ſee it, you feel it too. Thoſe, who accuſe him to have 


«© wanted learning, give him- the greater commenda- 


© tion: he was naturally learned: he needed not the 
t ſpectacles of books to read nature; he looked inwards, 
% and found her there. I cannot ſay he is every where 


* alike; were he ſo, I ſhould do him injury to compare 


«© him with the greateſt of mankind. He is many times 
«« flat and inſipid; his comick wit degenerating into 
c clenches, his ſerious ſwelling into bombaſt. But he is 
* always great, when ſome great occaſion. is preſented 
*< to him: no man can ſay, he ever had a fit ſubje for 
% his wit, and did not then raiſe himſelf as high above 
the reſt of poets, 
& DPuantum lenta folent inter viburna cupreſſi.”? 


It is to be lamented, that ſuch a writer ſhould want a 
commentary; that his language ſhould become obſolete, 
or his ſentiments obſcure. But it is vain to carry wiſnes 
beyond the condition of human things; that which muſt 
happen to all, has hap d to Shakſpeare, by accident 
«2 time ; and more than has been ſuffered by _ other 
writer fince the uſe of types, has been ſuffered by _ 
through his own negligence of fame, or perhaps by that 
ſuperiority of mind, which deſpiſed its own performances, 
when it compared them with its powers, and judged thoſe 
works unworthy to be preſerved, which the criticks of 
following ages were to contend for the fame of reftoring 
and explaining. 7 
Among theſe candidates of inferior fame, I am now to 
ſtand the judgment of the publick; and wiſh that I could 
confidently produce my commentary as equal to the en- 
couragement which I have had the honour of receiving. 


and 


PDR. JOHNSON'S PREFACE: 49 
and I ſhould feel little ſolicitude about the ſentence, 
were it to be pronounced only by the ſkilful and the 


learned. 75 5 . 
Of what has been performed in this reviſal “, an ac- 


count is given in the following pages by Mr. Steevens, 
who might have ſpoken both of his own diligence and 
ſagacity, in terms of greater ſelf-approbation, without 


deviating from modeſty or truth. JoansoN. 


* This paragraph relates to the edition publiſhed in 1773, by 
| George Steevens, Eſq. MATO. — 55 


vor. 8 [D] 


MR. STEEVENS'S 
TDNERTISEMENT 
TO THE | | 


I = a D'e-2”. 


Tx want of adherence to the old copies, which has 
been complained of, in the text of every modern 
republication of Shakſpeare, is fairly deducible from 
Mr. Rowe's inattention to one of the firſt duties of an 
editor f. Mr. Rowe did not print from the earlieſt and 
moſt correct, but from the moſt remote and inaccurate of 
the four folios. Between the years x623 and 1685 (the 
dates of the firſt and laſt) the errors in every play, at 
leaſt, were trebled. Several pages in each of theſe an- 
Cient editions have been examined, that the aſſertion 
might come more fully ſupported. It may be added, 
that as every freſh editor continued to make the text of 
his predeceſſor the ground-work of his own (never col- 
lating but where difficulties occurred) ſome deviations 
from the originals had been handed down, the number 
of which are leſſened in the impreſſion before us, as it 


* Firſt printed in 1773. MALONE. N 

+ * IT muſt not (ſays Mr. Rowe in his dedication to the duke of 
Somerſet) pretend to have reftor'd this work to the exactneſs of the 
author's original manuſcripts: thoſe are loſt, or, at leaſt, are gone 
beyond any inquiry I could make; ſo that there was nothing left, but 
to compare the ſeveral editions, and give the true reading as well as 
I could from thence, This I have endeavour'd to do pretty carefully, 
and render'd very many places intelligible, that were not fo before. Ia 
ſome of the editions, eſpecially the laſt, there were many lines {and in 
Hamlet one whole ſcene) left out together; theſe are now all ſupply'd. 
I fear your grace will find'fome faults, but I hope they are moſtly li- 
teral, and the errors of the preſs.” Would not any one, from this 
declaration, ſuppoſe that Mr. Rowe (who dees not appear to have con- 
ſulted a ſingle quarto) had. at leaſt compared the folios with each 
other? STEEVINS. | 

| has 


MR. STEEVENS'S ADVERTISEMENT. gr 


has been conſtantly compared with the -moſt authentic 
copies, whether collation was abſolutely neceſſary for 
the recovery of ſenſe, or not. The perſon who under- 
took this taſk may have failed by inadvertency, as well 
as thoſe who preceded him; but the reader may be aſ- 
ſured, that he, who thought it his duty to free an authar 
from ſuch modern and unneceſſary innovations as had 
been cenſured in others, has not ventured to introduce 
any of his own. | 

It is not pretended that a complete body of various 
readings is here collected; or that all the diverſities 
which the copies exhibit, are pointed out; as near two 
thirds of them are typographical miſtakes, or ſuch a 
change of inſignificant particles, as would crowd the 
bottom of the page with an oſtentation of materials, from 
which at laſt nothing uſeful could be ſelected. 

The dialogue might indeed ſometimes be lengthened 
by other inſertions than have hitherto been made, but 
without advantage either to its ſpirit or beauty; as in the 
following inſtance : 


Lear. No. 
Kent. Ves. 
Lear. No, I ſay. 
Kent. I ſay, yea. 


Here the quartos add : 


Lear. No, no, they would not. 
Kent. Yes, they have, 


By the admiſſion of this negation and affirmation, has 
any new idea been gained ? : 
The labours of preceding editors have not left room for 
a boaſt, that many valuable readings have been retriev- 
ed; though it may be fairly aſſerted, that the text of 
Shakſpeare is reſtored to the condition in which the au- 
thor, or rather his firſt publiſhers, appear to have left it, 
ſuch emendations as were abſolutely neceſſary, alone ad- 
mitted: for where a particle, indiſpenſably neceſſary to 
the ſenſe, was wanting, ſuch a ſupply has been ſilently 
adopted from other editions; but where a ſyllable, or 
| FD 3} > ; more, 


32 MR. STEEVENS'S ADVERTISEMENT, 


more, had been added for the ſake of the metre only, 
which at firſt might have been irregular, ſuch interpola- 
tions are here conſtantly retrenched, ſometimes with, and 
_ ſometimes without notice. Thoſe ſpeeches, which in the 
elder editions are printed as proſe, and from their own 
conſtruction- are incapable of being compreſſed into verſe, 
without the aid of ſupplemental ſyllables, are reſtored to 
proſe again; and the meaſure is divided afreſh in others, 
where the maſs of words had been inharmoniouſly ſepa- 
rated into lines. - „ 

The ſcenery, throughout all the plays, is regulated in 
conformity to a rule, which the poet, by his general 
practice ſeems to have propoſed to himſelf. Several of 
his pieces are come down to us, divided into ſcenes as 
well as acts. Theſe diviſions were probably his own, as 
they are made on ſettled principles, which would hardly 
have been the caſe, had the taſk been executed by the 
players. A change of ſcene, with Shakſpeare, moſt 
commonly implies a change of place, but always, an 
entire evacuation of the ſtage. The cuſtom of diſtin- 
guiſhing every entrance or exit by a freſh ſcene, was 
adopted, perhaps very idly, from the French theatre. 

For the length of many notes, and the accumulation 
of examples in others, ſome apology may be likewiſe ex- 
pected. An attempt at brevity is often found to be the 
ſource of an imperfect explanation. Where a paſſage 
has been conſtantly miſunderſtood, or where the jeſt or 
pleaſantry has been ſuffered to remain long in obſcurity, 
more inſtances have been brought to clear the one, or 
_ elucidate the other, than appear at firſt ſight to have 
been neceſſary. For theſe, it can only be ſaid, thar 
when they prove that phraſeology or ſource of merriment 
to have been once general, which at preſent ſeems par- 
ticular, they are not quite impertinently intruded ; as 
they may ſerve to free the author from a ſuſpicion of 
having employed an affected ſingularity of expreſſion, or 
indulged himſelf in alluſions to tranſient cuſtoms, which 
were not of ſufficient notoriety to deſerve ridicule or re- 
prehenſion. When examples in favour of contradictory - 
opinions are aſſembled, though no attempt is _— = 

| EP ecide 


MR. STEEVENS'S ADVERTISEMENT. 53 


decide on either part, ſuch neutral collections ſhould al- 
ways be regarded as materials for future critics, who may 
hereafter apply them with ſucceſs. Authorities, whether 
in reſpect of words, or things, are not always produci- 
ble from the moſt celebrated writers“; yet {ſuch circum- 
ſtances as fall below the notice of hiſtory, can only be 
ſought in the jeſt-book, the ſatire, or the play ; and the 
novel, whoſe faſhion did not outlive a week, is fome- 
times neceſſary to throw light on thoſe annals which take 
in the compaſs of an age. Thoſe, therefore, who would 
wiſh to have the peculiarities of Nym familiarized to 
their ideas, muſt excule the inſertion of ſuch an epigram 
* Mr. T. Warton in his excellent Remarks'on the Faery Queen f 
Spenſer, offers a ſimilar apology for having introduced illuſtrations from 
obſolete literature. I fear (ſays he) I ſhall be cenſured for quoting 
too many pieces of this ſort, | But experience has fatally proved, that 
the commentator on Spenſer, Jonſon, and the reſt of our elder poets, 
will in vain give ſpecimens of his claſſical erudition, unleſs, at the ſame 
time, he brings to his work a mind intimately 'acquainted with thoſe 
books, which, though now forgotten, were yet in common uſe and 
high repute about the time in which his authors reſpe&iyely wrote, and 
which they conſequently muſt have read. While theſe are unknown, 
many alluſions and many imitations will either remain obſcure, or loſe 
half their beauty and propriety : * as the figures vaniſh when the can- 
vas is decayed.” ? | iges? F 
«© Pope laughs at Theobald for giving us, in his edition of SHAKs 
SPEARE, a ſample of es | i at 
— all ſuch READING as was never read. | x | 
But theſe ſtrange and ridiculous books which Theobald quoted, were 
unluckily the very books which SkAK SPARE himſelf had ſtudied; 
the knowledge of which enabled that uſeful editor-to explain ſo many 
difficult allüſions and obſolete cuſtoms in his poet, which otherwiſe 
could never have been underſtood. For want of this ſort of literature, 
Pope tells us that the dreadful Sagittary in Troilus and Creſſida, ſigni- 
fies Teucer, ſo celebrated for his ſkill in archery, Had he deigned to 
conſult an old hiſtory, called the Dęſtrudi ion of Troy, a book which was 
the delight of ShHaxs>EARE and of his age, he would have found 
that this formidable archer, was no other than an imaginary beaſt, 
which the Grecian army brought againſt Troy, If SHAXSPEARE is 
worth reading, he is worth explaining ; and the reſeaxches uſed for fo 
valuable and elegant a purpoſe, merit the thanks of genius and candour, 
not the ſatire of 'prejudice and ignorance, That labour, which ſo 
eſſentially contributes to the ſervice of true taſte, deſerves a more ho- 
aourable repoſitory than The Temple of Dullneſs." STEEVENSs 


[D 3] 2s 


54 MR. STEEVENS'S ADVERTISEMENT. 


as beſt ſuits the purpoſe, however tedious in itſelf; and 
ſuch as would be acquainted with the propriety of Fal- 
ſtaff's alluſion to fewed prunes, ſhould not be diſguſted at 
a multitude of inſtances, which, when the point is once 
known to be eſtabliſhed, may be diminiſhed by any fu- 
ture editor. An author, who catches (as Pope expreſſes 
it) at te Cynthia of a minute, and does not furniſh notes 
to his own works, is {ure to loſe half the praiſe which he 
might have claimed, had he dealt in alluſions leſs tem- 
Rey or cleared up for himſelf thoſe difficulties which 
apſe of time muſt inevitably create. „ 

The author of the additional notes has rather been de- 
ſirous to ſupport old readings, than to claim the merit of 
introducing: new ones. He deſires to be regarded as 
one, who found the-taſk he undertook more arduous than 
it ſeemed, while he was yet feeding his vanity with the 
hopes of introducing himſelf to the world as an editor in 
form. He, who has diſcovered in himſelf the power to 
rectify a few miſtakes with eaſe, is naturally led to ima- 
ne, thatall difficulties muſt yield to the efforts of future 
out 's and perhaps feels a reluctance to be undeceived 
Ot RENE = | 
Mr. Steevens defires it may be obſerved, that he has 
ſtrictly complied with the terms exhibited in his propo- 
fats; having appropriated all ſuch aſſiſtances, as he re- 
ceived, to the uje of the preſent editor, whoſe judgment 
has, in every inſtance, determined on their reſpective 
Merits. While he enumerates his obligations to his cor- 
reſpondents, it is neceſſary that one comprehenſive re- 
mark ſhould be made on ſuch communications as are 
omitted in this edition, though they might have proved 
of great N Anrngs to a more daring commentator. The 
majority of theſe were founded on the ſuppoſition, that 
Shakſpeare was originally an author correct in the utmoſt 
degree, but maimed and interpolated by the neglect or 
. of the players. In conſequence of this be- 

ief, alterations have been propoſed wherever a verſe 
could be harmonized, an epithet exchanged for one more 
-appoſite, or a ſentiment rendered leſs perplexed. Had 
the general current 'of advice been followed, the _ 

| | wou 


MR. STEEVENS'S ADVERTISEMENT. 53 


would have been filled with attempts at emendation ap- 
parently unneceſſary, though ſometimes elegant, and as 
frequently with explanations of what none would have 
thought difficult. A conſtant peruſer of Shakſpeare will 
ſuppoſe whatever is eaſy to his own apprehenſion, will 
prove ſo to that of others, and conſequently may paſs 
over ſome real perplexities in filence. On the contrary, 
if in conſideration of the different abilities of every claſs 
of readers, he ſhould offer a comment on all harſh in- 
verſions of phraſe, or peculiarities of expreſſion, he will 
at once excite the diſguſt and diſpleaſure of ſuch as thin 
their own knowledge or ſagacity undervalued. It is dif- 
ficult to fix a medium between doing too little and too 
much in the taſk of mere explanation. There are yet- 
many paſſages unexplained and unintelligible, which 
may be reformed, at hazard of whatever licence, for ex- 
| Hibitions on the Rage, in which the pleaſure of the 
audience is chiefly to be conſidered ; but muſt remain 
untouched by the critical editor, whoſe conjectures are 


limited by narrow bounds, and who gives only what he 


at leaft ſuppoſes hiSauthor to have written. | 
If it is not to be expected that each vitiated paſſage in 
Shakſpeare can he reſtored, till a greater latitude of ex- 
periment ſhall be allowed; ſo neither can it be ſuppoſed 
that the force of all his alluſions will be pointed out, till 
ſuch books are thoroughly examined, as cannot eaſily at 
preſent be collected, it at all. Several of the meſt cor- 
rect liks of our dramatick pieces exhibit the titles of 
plays, whick are not to be met with in the completeſt 
collections. It is almoſt unneceſſary to mention any 
other than Mr. Garrick's, which, curious and exten- 
five as it is, derives its greateſt value from its ac- 

ce ſſibility *. xt | 2 
0 


* There is reaſon to think that about the time of the Reformation, 
great numbers of plays were printed, though few of that age are now 
To be found; for part of queen Elizabeth's iNjJuncT10Ns in 1559, 
are particularly directed to the ſuppreſſing of “ Many pamphlets, 
LAVES, and ballads: that no manner of perſon ſhall enterprize to 
Print any ſuch, &c. but under certain reſtrictions.“ Vid. Sect. V. 
This obiervationis taken from Dr. Percy's Additions to his Efjay.qn 

[D 4] the 


_ 
_ 
"i 
* * 
* 
I 
TX * 
; þ 
a 
us 
* 
* 
N 
: Ll 
3M 
1 
{ 
7 
z 
5 


56 MR. STEEVENS'S ADVERTISEMENT. 


To the other evils of our civil war muſt be added the 
Interruption of polite learning, and the ſuppreſſion of 
many dramatic and poetical names, which were plunged 
in obſcurity by tumults and revolutions, and have never 
ſince attrated curioſity. The utter neglect of ancient 
Engliſh literature continued ſo long, that many books 
may be ſuppoſed to be loſt; and that curioſity, which 
has been now for ſome years increaſing among us, wants 
materials for its operations. Books and pamphlets, 


* 


the Origin of the Engliſh Stage. It appears likewiſe from a page at 
the concluſion of the ſecond Vol. of the entries belonging to the Sta- 
- tioner's company, that in the 41ſt year of queen Elizabeth, many 
new reſtraints on bookſellers were laid. Among theſe are the follow- 
ing, © That no plaies be printed excepte they bee allowed by ſuch as 
have auctoritye.“ The records of the Stationers however contain the 
entries of ſome which have never yet been met with by the moſt ſuc- 
' ceſsful collectors; nor are their titles to be found in any regiſters of 
the ſtage, whether ancient or modern. It ſhould ſeem from the ſame 
yolumes that it was cuſtomary for the Stationers to ſeize the whole 
impreſſion of any work that had given offence, and burn it publickly 
at their hall, in obedience to the edits of the archbiſhop of Canterbu- 
ry, and the biſhop of London, who ſometimes enjoyed theſe literary 
executions at their reſpeCtive palaces. Among other works condemned 
to the flames by theſe diſcerning prelates, were the complete ſatires of 
biſhop Hall. i | 24 
Mr. 3 at the concluſion of the preface to his firſt edition of 
Shakſpeare, aſſerts, that excluſive of the dramas of Ben Jonſon, and 
B. and Fletcher, he had read © above 800 of old Engliſh plays.” He 
omitted this aſſertion, however, on the republication of the ſame work, 
and, I hope, he did fo, through a conſciouſneſs of its utter falſhood ; 
for if we except the plays of the authors already mentioned, it would be 
difficult to diſcover half the number that were written early enough to 
ſerve the purpoſe for which he pretends to have peruſed this imaginary 
ſtock of ancient literature. ö e 
I might add, that the private gollection of Mr. Theobald, which, 
including the plays of Jonſon, Fletcher and Shakipeare, did not 
amount to many more than an hundred, remained entire in the hands 
of the late Mr. 'Tonſon, till the time of his death. It does not appear 
that any other collection but the Harleian was at that time formed; 
nor does Mr. Theobald's edition contain any intrinfic evidences of ſo 
comprehenſive an examination of our eldeſt dramatic writers, as he 
aſſumes to himſelf the merit of having made. STEEVENS. 
There were about five hundred and fifty plays printed before the 
Reſtoration, excluſive of thoſe written by Shakſpeare, Jonſon, and 
Fletcher, MaALoNg., N R | : 'E 


printed 


MR. STEEVENS'S ADVERTISEMENT. 57 


printed originally in ſmall numbers, being thus neglect- 
ed, were ſoon deſtroyed ; and though the capital authors 
were preſerved, they were preſerved to languiſh without 
regard, How little Shakſpeare himſelf was once read, 
may be underſtood from Tate“, who, in his dedication 
to the altered play of King Lear, ſpeaks of the original 
as of an obſcure piece, recommended to his notice by a 
friend; and the author of the Tazler, having occaſion to 
quote a few lines out of Macbeth, was content to receive 
them from D*Avenant's alteration of that celebrated 
drama, in which almoſt every original beauty 1s either 
aukwardly diſguiſed, or arbitrarily omitted. So little 
were the defects or peculiarities of the old writers known, 
even at the beginning of our century, that though the 
cuſtom of alliteration had prevailed to that degree in the 
time of Shakſpeare, that it became contemptible and 
ridiculous, yet it is made one of Waller's praiſes by a 
writer of his life, that he firſt introduced this practice 
into Engliſh verſification. | hs 

It will be expected that ſome notice ſhould be taken 
of the laſt editor of Shakſpeare, and that his merits 
ſhould be eſtimated with thoſe of his predeceſſors. Little, 
however, can be ſaid of a work, to the completion of 
which, both a large proportion of the commentary and 
various readings 1s as yet wanting, The Second Part of 
King Henry VI. is the only play from that edition, which 
has been conſulted in the courſe of this work; for as 
ſeveral paſſages there are arbitrarily omitted, and as no 
notice 1s given when other deviations are made from the 
old copies, it was of little conſequence' to examine any 
further. This circumſtance is mentioned, leſt ſuch ac- 
cidental coincidences of opinion, 2s may be diſcovered 
hereafter, ſhould be interpreted into plagiariſm. 

It may occaſionally happen, that ſome of the remarks 
long ago produced by others, are offered again as recent 
diſcoveries. It is likewiſe abſolutely impoſſible to pro- 
nounce with any degree of certainty, whence all the 


* In the year 1707 Mr. N. Tate publiſhed a tragedy called Injured - 

Tove, or the Cruel Huſband, and in the title-page of it calls himſelf, 
$6 Autber of the tragedy called King Lear.“ STEEVENS. 

| | hints 


hints, which furniſh matter for a commentary, have 
been collected, as they lay ſcattered in many books and 
papers, which were probably never read but once, or 
the particulars which they contain received only in the 
courſe of common conyerſation ; nay, what is called pla- 

lariſm, is often no more than the reſult of having 
Wongbe alike with others on the ſame ſubject. 
The diſpute about the learning of Shakſpeare bein 
now finally ſettled, a catalogue is added of thoſe rae 
gared authors, whom Mr. Pope has thought proper to 
r ; | F4 

The claffics ef an age that heard of none. 


The reader may not be diſpleaſed to have the Greek and 
Roman poets, orators, &c. who had been rendered ac- 
ceſſible to our author, expoſed at one view; eſpecially 
as the liſt has received the advantage of being corrected 
and amplifed by the Reverend Dr. Farmer, the ſub- 
ſtance of whoſe very deciſive pamphlet is interſperſed 
through the notes which are added in this reviſal of Dr. 
Johnſon's Shakſpeare. _ Wy | 

To thoſe who have advanced the reputation of our 
Poet, it has been endeavoured, by Dr. Jahnſon, in the 
foregoing preface, impartially to allot their dividend of 
fame; and it is with great regret that we now add to 
the catalogue, another, the conſequence of whoſe death 
will perhaps affect not only the works of Shakſpeare, but 
of many other writers. Soon after the firſt appearance 
of this edition, adiſeaſe, rapid in its progreſs, deprived 
the world of Mr. Jacos Toxson ; a man, whoſe zeal. 
for the improvement of Engliſh literature, and whoſe 
liberality to men of learning, gave him a juſt title to all 
the honours which men of learning can beſtow. To ſup- 

oſe that a perſon employed in an extenſive trade, lived 
In a ſtate of indifference to loſs and gain, would be to 
conceive a character incredible and romantic; but it 
may be juſtly ſaid of Mr. Toxson, that he had enlarged 
his mind beyond ſolicitude about petty loſſes, and refined 
it from the deſire of unreaſonable profit. He was willing 
to admit thoſe with whom he contracted, to the juſt 
| | | advantage 


MR. STEEVENS'S ADVERTISEMENT. 59 


advantage of their own labours; and had never learned 
to conſider the author as an under- agent to the book- 
ſeller. The wealth which he inherited or acquired, he 
enjoyed like a man conſcious of the dignity of a profeſſion 
ſubſervient to learning. His domeſtic life was elegant, 
and his charity was liberal. His manners were ſoft, and 
his converſation delicate: nor is, perhaps, any quality 
in him more to be cenſured, than that reſerve which con- 
fined his acquaintance to a ſmall number, and made his 
example leſs uſeful, as it was leſs extenſive. He was the 
laſt commercial name of a family which will be long 
remembered; and if Horace thought it not improper to 
convey the Sos 11 to poſterity ; if rhetoric ſuffered no diſ- 
honour from Quintilian's dedication to TRY HO; let it 
not be thought that we diſgrace Shakſpeare, by append- 
ing to his works the name of Tonson. 

To this prefatory advertiſement | have now ſubjoined * 
a chapter extracted from the Gu/s Hornbook, (a ſatirical 
pamphlet writen by Decker in the year 1609) as it 
affords the reader a more complete idea of the cuſtoms 
peculiar to our ancient theatres, than any other publi- 
cation which has hitherto fallen in my way. See this 
performance, page 27. 


e 
Hou a Gallant fhould behave himſelf in a Play-houſe. 


The theatre is your poet's Royal Exchange, upon 
which, their muſes (that are now turn'd to merchants) 
meeting, barter away that hght commodity of words 
for a lighter ware than words, plaudities and the breath 
of the great Seat, which (like the threatnings of two 
cowards) vaniſh all into aire. Plazers and their fackors, 
who put away the ſtuffe and make the beſt of it they 
poſſibly can (as indeed 'tis their parts ſo to doe) your 
gallant, your courtier, and your capten, had wont to be 
the ſoundeſt pay-maſters, and I thinke are ſtill the ſureſt 
chapmen: and theſe by meanes that their heades are 


® This addition to Mr, Steevens's Advertiſement was made in 1778. 
i MALONE. 


well 


60 MR: STEEVENS'S ADVERTISEMENT. 
well ſtockt, deale upon this comical freight by the groſle ; 
when your groundling, and gallery commoner buyes his 
ſport by the penny, and, like a hagler, is glad to utter it 
aine by retailing. LE | | 
Sithence then the place is ſo free in entertainment, al- 
Jowing a ſtoole as well to the farmer's ſonne as to your 
Templer: that your ſtinkard has the ſelf ſame libertie to 
be there in his tobacco-fumes, which your ſweet courtier 
Hath: and that your carman and tinker claime as ſtrong a 
voice in their. ſuffrage, and ſit to give judgment on the 
Plates? life and death, as well as the proudeſt Momus 
among the tribe of criic& ; it is fit that hee, whom the 
moſt tailors? bils do make room for, when he comes, 
ſhould not be baſely (like a vyoll) cas'd up in a corner. 
Whether therefore the gatherers of the publique or 
private play-hopſe ſtand to receive the afternoone's rent, 
Jet our gallant (having paid it) preſently advance him- 
ſelfe up to the throne of the ſtage. I meane not in the 
lords* roome (which is now but the ftage's ſuburbs.) 
No, thoſe boxes by the iniquity of cuſtome, conſpiracy 
of waiting-women and gentlemen-uſhers, that there 
ſweat together, and the covetous ſharers, are contempti- 
bly thruſt into the reare, and much new ſatten is there 
dambd by being ſmothered to death in darkneſſe. But 
on the very ruſhes where the comedy 1s to daunce, yea 
and under the ſtate of Cambiſes himſelfe muſt our fea- 
ther'd eſtridge, like a piece of ordnance ' be planted vali- 
antly (becauſe impudently) beating downe the mewes 
and hiſſes of the oppoſed raſcality. bp | 
For do but caſt up a reckoning, what large cummings 
in are purs'd up by ſitting on the ſtage. Firſt a conſpicu- 
ous eminence is gotten, by which meanes the beſt and 
molt effenciall parts of a gallant {good cloathes, a pro- 
portionable legge, white hand, the Perſian locke, and a 
tollerable beard,) are perfectly revealed. | 
By ſitting on the ſtage you have a ſign'd pattent to 
engroſſe the whole commodity of cenſure ; may lawfully 
preſume to be a girder; and ſtand at the helme to ſteere 
the paſſage of ſcænes, yet no man ſhall once offer to 
hider you from obtaining the title of an inſolent over- 
weening coxcombe. | | 
1 By 


MR. STEEVENS'S ADVERTISEMENT. 617 


By ſitting on the ſtage, you may (without trauelling for 
it) at the very next doore, aſke whoſe play it is: and by 
that queſt of inquiry, the law warrants you to avoid much 
miſtaking: if you know not the author, you may raile 
againſt him; and peradventure ſo behave yourſelfe, that 
you may enforce the author to know you. 

By ſitting on the ſtage, if you be a knight, you may 
happily get you a miſtreſſe: if a mere Fleet-freer gentle- 
man, a wife: but aſſure yourſelfe by continuall reſidence, 
you are the firſt and principall man in election to begin 
the number of We three. ; . | 

By ſpreading your body on the ſtage, and by being a 
Juſtice in examining of plaies, you ſhall put yourſelfe into 
ſuch a true ſcznical authority, that ſome poet ſhall not 
dare to preſent his muſe rudely before your eyes, with- 
out having firſt unmaſkt her, rifled her, and diſcovered 
alli her bare and moſt myſtical parts before you at a 
taverne, when you moſt knightly, ſhal for his paines, 
pay for both their ſuppers. 

By ſitting on the ſtage, you may (with ſmall coſt) pur- 
chaſe the deere acquaintance of the boyes: have a good 
ſtoole for ſixpence: at any time know what particular 
part any of the infants preſent: get your match lighted, 
examine the play-ſuits' lace, and perhaps win wagers 
upon laying tis copper, &c. And to conclude, whether 
you be a foole or a juſtice of peace, a cuckold or a cap- 
ten, a lord maior's ſonne or a dawcocke, a knave or an 
under ſhriefe, of what ſtamp ſoever you be, currant or 
counterfet, the ſtagelike time will bring you to moſt per- 
fect light, and lay you open: neither are you to be 
| hunted from thence though the ſcar-crowes in the yard 
hoot you, hiſſe at you, ſpit at you, yea throw dirt even 
in your teeth: *tis moſt gentleman-Jike patience to en- 
dure all this, and to laugh at the filly animals. But if 
the rabble, with a full throat, crie away with the foole, 
you were worſe than a mad-man to tarry by it : for the 
gentleman and the foole ſhould never fit on the ſtage 
together. 


Mary, let this obſervation go hand in hand with the 


reſt; or rather, like a country- ſerving man, ſome five 
yards before them. Preſent not your ſelfe on the ſtage 
| - (eſpecially 


— 2 — - 
—_ —— —— " Þ wv 844 838 


— — 82 1 
> = — — - — 
— — U—A—ͥZͥö— —— — — ͤ — — — — — —à—0 


62 MR. STEEVENS'S ADVERTISEMENT. 


(eſpecially at a new play) untill the quaking prologue 
hath (by rubbing) got cullor into his cheekes, and is 
ready to give the trumpets their cue that hees upon point 
ro enter: for then it is time, as though you were one of 
the properties, or that you dropt of the hangings to creep 


from behind the arras, with your tripos or three-legged 


ſtoole in one hand, and a teſton mounted betweene a 
fore-finger and a thumbe, in the other: for if you ſhould. 
beftow your perſon upon the vulgar, when the belly o. 
the houſe is but halfe full, your apparell is quite eaten 
up, the faſhion loſt, and the proportion of your body in 
more danger to be devoured, then if it were ſerved up in 
the Counter amongſt the Poultry : avoid that as you 
would the baſtome. It ſhall crowne you with rich com- 
mendation to laugh alowd in the middeſt of the moſt ſeri- 
ous and ſaddeſt ſcene of the terribleft tragedy : and to 
let that clapper (your tongue) be toſt fo high that all the 
houſe may ring of it: your lords uſe it; your knights are 
apes to the lords, and do ſo too: your inne-a-court-man 
is zany to the knights, and (many very ſcurvily) comes 
likewiſe limping after it : bee thou a beagle to them all, 
and never lin ſnufling till you have ſented them: for by 
talking and laughing (like a ploughman in a morris) you 
heape Pelion upon Ofa, glory upon glory: as firſt all the 
eyes in the galleries will leave walking after the players, 
and onely follow you: the ſimpleſt dolt in the houſe 
ſnatches up your name, and when he meetes you in the 
ſtreetes, or that you fall into his hands in the middle of 
a watch, his word ſhall be taken for you: heele cry, 
Hees ſuch à gallant, and you paſſe, Secondly you pub- 
liſn your temperance to the world, in that you ſeeme not 
to reſort thither to taſte vaine pleaſures with a hungrie 
appetite; but onely as a gentleman, to ſpend a fooliſh 
houre or two, becauſe you can doe nothing elſe. Thirdly 
you mightily diſreliſh the audience, and diſgrace the 
author: marry, you take up (though it be at the worſt 
hand) a "ſtrong opinion of your owne judgement, and 
inforce the poet to take pity of your weakeneſſe, and by 
ſome dedicated ſonnet to bring you into a better para- 
dice, onely to ſtop your mouth. | 1 


MR. STREVENS'S ADVERTISEMENT. 63 


If you can (either for love or money) provide your ſelfe 
2 lodging by the water fide: for above the conveniencie 
it brings to ſhun ſhoulder-clapping, and to ſhip away 
your cockatrice betimes in the morning, it addes a kind 
of ſtate unto you, to be carried from thence to the ſtaires 
of your play-houſe : hate a ſeuller (remember that) worſe 
then to be acquainted with one ath' ſcullery. No, your 
oares are your onely ſea-crabs, boord them, and take 
heed you never go twice together with one paire: often 
ſhifting is a great credit to gentlemen': and that divid- 
ing of your fare wil make the poore waterſnaks be ready 
to pul you in peeces to enjoy your cuſtome. No matter 
whether upon landing you have money or no; you may 
ſwim in twentie of their boates over the river upon zzicket - 
mary, when ſilver comes in, remember to pay trebble 
their fare, and it will make your flounder-catchers to 
ſend more thankes after you, when you doe not draw, 
then when you doe: for they know, it will be their 
owne another daie. * 

Before the play begins, fall to cardes; you may win 
or looſe (as fencers doe in a prize) and beate one an- 
other by confederacie, yet ſhare the money when you 
meete at ſupper: notwithſtanding, to gul the ragga- 
muffins that ſtand a loofe gaping at you, throw the cards 
(having firſt turne four or five of them) round about the 
Rage, juſt upon the third ſound, as though you had loft : 
it fcils not if the four knaves ly on their backs, and out- 
face the audience, there's none ſuch fooles as dare take 
exceptions at them, becauſe ere the play go off, better 
knaves than they, will fall into the company. 

Now, Sir, if the writer be a fellow that hath either 
epigram'd you, or hath had a flirt at your miſtris, or 
hath brought either your feather, or your red beard, of 
your little legs, &c. on the ſtage, you ſhall diſgrace him 
worſe then by toſſing him in a blanket, or giving him 
the baſtinado in a taverne, if in the middle of his play, 
(bee it paſtorall or comedy, morall or tragedie) you riſe 
with a ſkreud and diſcontented face from your ſtoole to 
de gone: no matter whether the ſcenes be good or no; 
the better they are, the worſe doe you diſtaſt them: and 
beeing on your feete, ſneake not away like a coward, 

4 | but 


64 MR. STEEVENS's ADVERTISEMENT. 
but ſalute all your gentle acquaintance that are ſpred 
either on the ruſhes or on ſtooles about you, and draw 
what troope you can from the ſtage after you: the mimicks 
are beholden to you, for allowing them elbow roome 2: 
their poet cries perhaps, a pox go with you, but care not 
you for that; there's no muſick without frets. : 
Mary, if either the company, or indiſpoſition of the 
weather binde you to ſit it out, my counſell is then that 
you turne plaine ape: take up a ruſh and tickle the ear- 
' neſt eares of your fellow gallants,. to make other fooles 
fall a laughing: mewe at the paſſionate ſpeeches, blare 
at merrie, finde fault with the muſicke, whewe at the. 
children's action, whiſtle at the ſongs; and above all, 
curſe the ſharers, that whereas the ſame day you had 
beſtowed forty ſhillings on an embroidered felt and fea- 
ther (Scotch-faſhion) for your miſtres in the court, or 
your punck in the eittie, within two houres after, you 
encounter with the very ſame block on the ſtage, when 
the haberdaſher ſwore to you the impreſſion was extant 
but that morning. | EF, 
To conclude, hoord up the fineſt play-ſcraps you can 
get, upon which your leane wit may moſt ſavourly 
eede, tor want of other ſtuffe, when the Arcadian and 
£uphuisd gentlewomen have their tongues ſharpened to 
| ſet upon you: that qualitie (next to your ſhittlecocke) is 
the only furniture to a courtier that's but a new beginner, 
and 1s but in his ABC of complement. The next places 
that are fil'd after the play-houſes bee emptied, are (or 
ought to be) tavernes: into a taverne then let us next 
march, where the braines of one hogſhead mult be beaten 
out to make up another,”? 


I ſhould have attempted on the preſent occaſion to 
enumerate all other pamphlets, &c. from whence par- 
ticulars relative to the conduct of our early theatres 
might be collected, but that Dr. Percy, in his firſt 
volume of the Religues of Ancient Engliſh Poetry, (third 
edit. p. 128, &c.) has extracted ſuch paſſages from them 
as tend to the illuftration of this ſubject; to which he has 
added more accurate remarks than my experience in theſe 


matters would have enabled me to ſupply. STEEvens. 
5 ANCIENT 


ANCIENT TRANSLATIONS 
„ 
CLASSICK AUT HORS-. 


HOMER. 
EN Bookes of the Iliades into Engliſh out of 
French, by Arthur Hall, Eſquire. Lond. im- 
printed by Ralph Newberie, 4tof, — 1581 
The Shield of Achilles from the 18th Book of Homer, 
by Geo. Chapman, 4to. Lond. — 1596 
| 1 Books of the Iliades, by ditto, 4to f. Lond. 1596 
15 — — — — 1598 
& Homer Prince of Poets: Tranſlated according is ths 
SGreeke in Twelve Bookes of his Iliads: By Geo, 
Chapman; ſmall folio. Lond, printed for Samuel 
Macham. No date. 

[This, I believe, was publiſhed in 1609. There are 
ſeveral Sonnets at the end, addreſſed to different 
noblemen ; among them one, to the Lord Trea- 
/urer, the Earle of Saliſbury.“ See alſo the entry 
below. ] | | 

The whole Forks of Homer, by do. printed for Nath. 
Butler; #0 date, but probably printed in 1611 
The Crowne of all Homer's Works, Batrachomymachia, 
&c. [By Geo. Chapman, with his portrait in tha 


This Liſt was drawn up by Mr. Steevens. I have made a few 

inconſiderable additions to it, which are diſtinguiſhed by this mark . 

— | MALON E. 

In the firſt vcl. of the books of entries belonging to the Stationers“ 
company is the following: 

« Henry Bynneman-] Nov. 1580, lycenſed unto him under the 
wardens” hands ten bookes of the Iliades of Homer. Again, Samuel 
Macham. ] Nov. 14, 1608. Seven bookes of Homer's Hiades tranſ- 
lated into Engliſh by Geo. Chapman. [By aſſignment from Mr. 
Windett. ] Again, Nathaniel Buiter} April 8, 16:1, % A booke called 
Homer's Niades in Engliſhe, containing 24 Bookes. Again, Nov. 2, 
1614, © Homer's Odiſſes 24 books, tranſlated by George Chapman. 

1 Meres, in his Second Part of Wits Commoncuca. th, lays, that Chap- 
man is ©« of good note for his inchoate Homer 


Vor. I. LE title. 


6 ANCIENT TRANSLATIONS. 

title-page.] thin folio; printed by John Bill. 
| | no date. 
The ſtrange wonderfull and bloudy Battel between Frogs 
and Miſe; paraphraſtically done into Engliſh He- 
roycall Verſe, by W. F. (i. e. William Fowldes,) 
4to. — wow — 1603 
HE SI O D. | | 
The Georgicks of Heſiod, by George Chapman, tranſ- 
lated elaborately out of the Greek. Printed by 


H. L. for Miles Partrich, 4to. — 1618 
Marloe's Hero and Leander, with the firſt Book of 
Lucan, 4to,  — — — 1600 
There muſt have been a former Editign , as a ſecond Part 
was publiſhed by Henry Petower, — 1598 


Muſæus's Poem of Hero and Leander, imitated by 
Chriſtopher Marlow, and finiſhed by Geo. Chap- 


man, 8 vo. Lond. — — 1606 
EU RI PID ES. | 
Jocaſta, æ Tragedy, from the Pheenifla of Euripides, by 


* In the firſt volume of the Entries of the Stationers* Company is 
the following : DE”; : 
« T. Purfoote.] The Battel of the Frogges and Myce, and certain 
erations of Iſocrates. Jane 4, 1579. | 
+ This tranſlation, or at leaſt Marlow's part in it, muft have been 
bliſhed before 1599, being twice mentioned in Naſh's Lenten Stuff, 
&c. which bears that date. © Leander and Hero, of whom divine 
Maſeus fung, and a diviner mule than him, Kit Marlow.” Again, 
s She ſprung after him, and ſo refigned up her prieſthood, and left 
worke for Muſaus and Kit Marlow,” | | 
Among the entries at Stationers hall I find the following made by 
John Wolfe in 1593, Sept. 8th, “ A booke entitled Hero and Lean- 
der, being an amorous poem deviſed by Chriſtopher Marlow,” K 
At the ſame time, ©+ Lucan's ſirſt booke of the famous Cyvill Warr 
betwixt Pompey and Cæſar. Engliſhed by Chriſtopher Marlow.“ 
Again, in 1597, © A booke in Engliſh called Hero and Leander.“ 
Again, April 1598, The ſeconde Parte of Hero and Leander by 
Henry Petowe.” Andrew Harris enter'd it. | 
Again, in 1600, „ Hero and Leander by Marlowe.“ ET 
In 1614 an entire tranſlation of Lucan was publiſhed by Sir Arthur 


Gorges, and enter'd as fuch an the ſame books, 


* 


Geo. 


| ANCIENT TRANSLATIONS. 65 
Geo. Gaſcoigne, and Mr. Francis Kinwelmerſhe, 


4t0, Lond. — — — I 5 56 

% „ 
Axiochus, a Dialogue, attributed to Plato, by Edm. 
Spenſer, 4to*, — — 1592 


DEMO STHENEs. 


The Three Orations of Demoſthenes, chiefe Orator 
among the Grecians, in Favour of the Olynthians, 
with thoſe his fower againſt Philip of Macedon, &c. 
by Tho. Wylſon, Doctor of the Civill Lawes, 4to. 


1570 
IS GSR 


In s ſage Admonition to Demonicus, by R. Nutt- 
hall, 8 vo. Lond. 1557, I2mo. and 1585 
Iſocrates's Doctrinal of Princes, wy Syr Tho. Elliot, 
Lond. 8vo, — 1534 
Iſocrates's Orat. intitled Evagoras, by Jer, Wolfe, 8vo. 
1581 

Three Orations of moral Inſtructions, one to 8 
and. two to Nicocles, King of Salamis, tranſlated 
from Iſocrates, by Tho. Forreſt, 4x0. 1580 


| LUCIAN. | 
Necromantia, a Dialog of the Poete Lucyen between 
, Menippus and Philonides, for his Fanteſye faynd 
for 5 mery Paſtyme, in Engliſh Verſe and Latin 

— 
Toxaris, or the Friendſhip of en, by A. O. Lond. 
8 vo. — — 1505 | 

HERODOTUS. 

The fa Hyſtory of Herodotus t, in nine Bookes, &c. 
by B. R. Lond. — — 1584 
N. B 715 Piece contains only the 0 firſt Books, vix. 


* This "ERR was entered in May 1592, at Stationers' ball. 
+ Among the entries in the books at Stationers'-hall this appears to 


be one. 
« John Denham. ] The famous Eiſtorye of Herodotus i in Englyſhe, 


1E | the 


Jin: 13, _ 


68 ANCIENT TRANSLATIONS. 

the Clio and Euterpe, The Tranſlator ſays in his 
| Preface, *©* As theſe ſpeede, ſo the reſt will follow.” 

470. ; h N . 

THUCYDIDES. 

The Hyſtory writtone by Thucydides, &c. tranſlated out 
of the Frenche of Claude de Seyſſel, Biſhop of Mar- 
ſeilles, into the Enghſhe language, by Tho. Nicolls, 
Citizeine and Goldſmyth of London, fol. 15;0* 


| POL YBAU 8. 
Hyſtories of the moſt famous and worthy Cronographer, 
Polybius, by Chriſtopher Watſon, 8vo. 13568 
This Work confifts extracts only. 
L.. DIODORUS SICULUS1.- 
The Hiſtory of the Succeſſors of Alexander, &c. out of 
Diodorous Siculus and Plutarch, by Fho. Stocker. 
Lond. 4to. — — — 13569 
| APPIAN. 
An aunciente Hiſtorie, &c. by Appian t of Alexandria, 
tranſlated out of diverſe Languages, &c. by W. B. 
4to. Lond. — — | 1578 
| JOSEY H US. 
Joſephus's Hiſtory, &c: tranſlated into Engliſh, by Tho, 


Lodge; fol: Lond. I1602=1t09, &c. 
ZE A aUHIAN... ; 
Zlian's Regiſtre of Hyſtories, by Abraham Fleming, 


On the Stationers' books in 1607 either this or ſome other tranſ- 
lation is entered, called © The Hiſtory of Thucidides the Athenian 


tranſlated into Engliſh.” 
+ Caxton tells us, that © Skelton had tranſlated Diodorus Siculus, 


the Epiſtles of Tulle, and diverſe other Workes: but I know not 


that they were ever printed, 
t In the firſt volume of the entries in the books of the Stationers' 


company, Feb. 5, 1577, is the following: 5 
% Henry Binneman. ] Appianus Alexandrinus of the Romaine Civill 


Warres.“ 


HERODIAN. 


ANCIENT TRANSLATIONS. 69 


EE HERODIAN. 
'The Hiftorie of Herodian, &c. tranſl. oute of Greeke 
| into Latin, by Angelus Politianus, and out of Latin 
into Englyſhe, by Nich. Smyth. Imprinted at 
London, by William Copland, 4to“. 
PLUTARCHKH 


Plutarch's Lives, by Sir Tho. North, from the Fr. of 
Amyot, Biſhop of Auxerre, fol. 1579, 1602, 1603 


Plutarch's Morals, by Dr. Philemon Holland 1603t 
Plutarch of the Education of Children, by Sir Tho. 
 Elyott, 4to. 
The Preceptes of that excellent Clerke and grave Phi- 
loſopher, Plutarche, for the Preſervation of Healthe, 
8vo. — — _ 1543 


ARISTOTLE. 


The Ethiques of Ariſtotle, &c. by John Wylkinſon. 
. Printed by Grafton, Printer to K. Edw. VI. 8vo. 
B. L. 88 vo 885 15478 
The Secrete of Secretes of Ariſtotle, &c. tranſlated out 
of the Frenche, &c. Lond. wo. — 1528 
Ariſtotle*s Politiques, &c ||. * the Fr. by J. D. fol. 
Lond, — — 1598 


* OR. 1 59 r, 8 in Engliſh was entered at Stationers'- hall 
dy —— Adams. 

+ Thus entered in the books of the Stationers' company. 

% April 1579 —Vatrouller— Wright, a booke in Engliſhe called 
Plutarch's Lyves.“ 

' } On the Stationers? books in the your 1600 is the following entry. 

cc A booke to be tranſlated out of Frenche into Engliſhe, and ſo 
printed, called the Morall Woorkes of Plutarque.” Again in 1602. 
Again in the ſame year, « The moral worke of Plutarque, being 

tranſlated out of French into Engliſh.” 

9 Of the Erbicks of Ariſtotle ſome more early tranſlation muſt have 
appeared; as Sir Tho. Elyot in his Boke named the Gowernour, 1537s 
| ſays, © they are to be learned in Greke ; for the tranſlations that we 
ba ve, be but a rude and groſſe ſhadowe of the eloquence and wyſdome 
of Ariſtotle.” 

This tranſlation 1s entered in the books at Stationers*-hall. 


« Adam Iſlip] Ariſtotle's Politiques with expoſitions; to be tranſlated | 


into Englike by the F rench copie, 1 598. 


FE 3] XENOPHON. 


n 
T0 


70 ANCIENT TRANSLATIONS 


XENOPHON. 


The eight Bookes of Xenophon, containing the Inſtitu- 
tion, Schole, and Education of Cyrus, the noble 

- King of Perſye, &c. tranſl. out of Gr. into Engl. by 
Mr. William Bercher. Lond. 12mo. 1567 and 1569 


* 


De. by Dr. Philemon Hollanc. 

Xenophon's Treatiſe of Houſe-hold right, connyngly 

tranſl. out of the Greke tongue, &c. by Gentian 
Hervet, &c. 8vo. Lond. 1532. B8V0. 1534. 

: * 85 1544. 8vo. 1573 

The Arte of Riding from Xenophon, &c. Lond. 4to. 1584 


F 


The Manuell of Epictetus, tranſl. out of Greeke into 
French, and now into Engliſh, &c. Alſo the Apo- 
thegmes, &c. by James Sandford. Lond. 12 mo. 1567 


EUNAPIUS SAR DIANU Sf. 
The Lyves of Philoſophers and Orators, from the Greek 
of Eunapius, 4to. K 1579 


ACHILLES TATIUS. 


The moſt delectable and pleaſant Hiſt. of Clitophon and 
Leucippe, from the Greek of Achilles Statius, &c. 


by W. B. 4to. — 1 1597 


| M. ANTONINUS&g. 
The Golden Boke of Marcus Aurelius, Emperour and 


eloquent Orator, 12mo. Lond. — 1553 
| 8 | Tranſlated 


* In the books of the Stationers* company, Feb. 12, 1581, Tho. 
Eafte entered Enchiridon in Engliſh. = f 
+ Thus entered in the books of the Stationers* company. Richard 
ones.] The Lives of divers excellent Orators and Philoſophers written 
in Greeke by Enapius of the city of Sardis in Lydia, and tranſlated. 
into Engliſhe by L 
This book was entered in the ſame year by Thomas Creede, on 
the books of the Stationers? company. 3555 
This book is only introduced, that an opportunity may be obtain- 
ed of excluding it from any future catalogue of tranſlated claſſics. It 
was a fraud of Guevara's, but not undetected; for Chapman, in his 


Gentleman Uſher, 1602, ſpeaks of the book as Guevara's own, = If 
is N : . ; There 


- 


ANCIENT TRANSLATIONS. *71 
Tranſlated out of Fr. into Eng. by Sir John Bourchier, 


| Kt. &c. &c. 
Other editions of this are in 1534, 1535, 1530, 1537) 1559- 


1586, 1588. 
DIONYSIUS. 


Dionyſius's Deſcription of the Worlde. Englyſhed by 


Tho. Twine, 8 vo. Lond. — 1572 
EBUCL I D. 

Euclid's Elements of Geometry, tranſl. into 0 by 

Rich. Candiſh, who flouriſhed, A. D. 1556 


Euclid's Elements, Pref. by John Dee. Lond. 1570 


HLPPOCKATHE SS, 


The Aphoriſmes of Hippocrates, redacted into a certaine 
Qecers and tranſlated by Humfrie Llhyd, 8vo. 1585 


GALEN. 
Galen's Two Books of Elements, tranſlated into "MI by 
J. Jones, 4to. Lond. — 1574 


Certaine Workes of Galen, englyſhed by Tho. Gale, 4to. 


1586 
HE LIODOR US. 
The Beginning of Zthiopical Hiſtory in Engl. Hexame- 


| ters, by Abrah. Fraunce, 8vo. Lond. 1591* 

Heliodorus s Athiopic Hiſt, tranfl. by Tho. Underdown, 

B. L. 4to. Lond. — 1577 and 1587 
VI 

The Boke of Eneydos, &c. by Carton, fol. Lond. pro/e 

1490 

The thirteen Bukes of Eneados in Scottiſh Metir, by 

Gawain Douglas, 4to. Lond. — 1553 


there be not more choice words in that letter, than in any three of 

Guevara's Golden Epiſtles, I am a very aſs.” See his article in Bayle. 

Our countryman Elyott did ſomewhat of the ſame kind. He pretended 

to tranſlate the Actes and Sentences notable, of the Emperor A ner 

Scverus (from the Greek of Encolpius). See Fabricius“ and Tanner' 3 
Bibliothec. &c. 


* A tranſlation of the ſame book is likewiſe entered at Statroners® 


Kall 1602, and again twice in 1604, for different printers, 


[1 E 4] Certain 


— . —— — Te —L——ẽ— = 4 
— ” 


92 ANCIENT TRANSLATIONS. 
Certain Bookes of Virgiles Aneis* turned into Engliffe 


Metir, by the right honourable Lorde, and Earle 


of Surrey, 4to. Lond. — 1557 
The firſt ſeven Bookes of the Eneidos, ** | "= Lond. 
4to. B. L. — 1558 


This Tranſlation is in rhyme of fourteen in 


The nine firſt Bookes, &c. by Phaer, 4to. Lond. 1562 
'The thirteene Bookes of Encidos, by Phaer and Twyne. 
4to. Lond. — 1584, 1596, 1607, &ct. 
The firſt foure Bookes of Virgil's Aineis, tranſlated into 
Engl. heroic Verſe, 71 Richard e Ne. 
12mo, Lond. 1583 
The Bucolickes of Publius Virgilius Maro, &c. by Abra- 
ham Fleming, drawn into plaine and familiar Eng- 
lyſhe, Verſe for Verſe, 4to. B. L. — 157 5 
Virgil's Eclogues and Georgicks, tranſlated into blan 
Verſe, by the ſame Author, Lond. — 1589 


The Lamentation of Corydon for the Love of Alexis, 


Verſe for Verſe, out of Latine. 
T his is tranſlated into Engliſh Hexameters, and printed at 
the end of the Counteſſe of Pembroke* sTvychurch, 1591, 
By Abraham Frauncę. 
Virgil's Culex paraphraſed, by Spenſer. See his works, 


HORACE. 


Two Bookes of Horace his Satyres Evglyſhed, accordyng | 


to the [pn Io of Saint * ee 4to. B. L. 


Lond. — 0 
Horace his Arte of Poetrie, Piſtles [| and Satyrs Engliſh- 
ed, by Tho. Drant, 4to. Lond, — 1567 


* This 1 is a tranſlation of the Got and fourth books into blank 


verſe, and is perhaps the oldeſt ſpecimen of that metre in 55 Engliſh 


language. 

F Among the entries in the books of the Stationers? company, is 
the following. Tho. Creede. J Virgil's Aneidos in Engliſhe verſe, 
1595. Again, in 1600. Again his Bucolics and Georgics in the 


| ſame year. 


t The copy which I have ſeen, was in 4to, printed at Leiden, and 
was entered as ſuch on the books of the Stationers? on the 24th of 


| January, 1582. 


There is an entry at Statieners' hall of the * of Horace 
in 1 591. 
| OVID, 


ANCIENT TRAN SLATIONS. 73 


OVID. 


The fifteene Bookes of Metamorphoſeos. In which ben 
contaynid the Fables of Ovid, by William Caxton, 
Weſtm. fol. — 1480 

The four firſt Books of Ovid, tranſl. from the Latin into 
Engliſh Meetre, by Arthur S Gent. 4to. 


B. L. Lond. 1565 
The fifteene Bookes of p. Ovidins Naſo, « &c. by Arthur 
Golding, * Bl. L. W rra —— 1567 
DD; | 1576 


[ Another in 1575 according 1 to Ames. 4 Former Edition 


WAS in 1 572, in eter 7 s catal, ] 


87. Do. 1612 
The pleaſant Fable of Hermaphroditus and Salmacis. 
8vo. Lond. 1565 


The Fable of Ovid treating of Naceifus; tranſl. out of 
Latin into Eng. Mytre, with a Moral ther unto wy 
pleſante to rede, 4to. Lond. — 

The Heroycall Epiſtles, &c. ſet out and s 170 
Geo. Turbervile, Gent. &c. B. L. 4to. Lond *. 1567 

1569, and 1600 

The three firſt Bookes of Ovid de Triſtibus, tranſl. into 

Engliſh, by Tho. Churchyard, 4to. Lond. 1580 + 
Ovid his Invective againſt Ibis, tranſlated into Eng. 


Meeter, &c. 12mo. Lond. — 15691 
And, by Tho. Underwood. W 
Certaine of Ovid's Elegies by C. Marlow 5. 12mo. At 

Middleburgh. — no date. 


All Ovid's Elegies, three Bookes. By C. . M. At Middle- 


* Among the Stationers' entries I find i in 1594, © A booke en- 
titled Oenone and Paris, wherein is deſcribed the extremity of love,” &c, 
This may be a tranſlation from Ovid. 

This book was entered at Stationers? hall by Tho. Eaſte, July 1, 
1577, and by Thomas Orwin in 1591. k 

t Among the entries in the books of the Stationers” company is the 

following. Henry Bynneman] July x, 1577, Ovid's Invective againſt 


Ibis. Bought of Tho. Eaſte. 
In the forty-firſt of Q. Eliz. theſe tranſlations from Ovid were 


commanded by the archbiſhop of N and the biſhop of London, 
to be burnt at Stationers' hall. | 
burgh. 


* 


74 ANCIENT TRANSLATIONS, 
burgh. 12mo. Somewhat larger than the preceding 
edition, 1 

& Ovidius Naſo, his Remedy of love, tranſlated and en- 
tituled to the youth of England, 4to. 1600 


Salmacis and Hermaphroditus, by Fra. Beaumont, 4to. 
R 1602 


He likewiſe tranſlated a Part of the Remedy of Love. 


There was another Tranſlation of the whole, by Sir 


Tha. Overbary, 800. | | | without date * 
- PLA US 8+ 
Menzchmi, by W. W. Lond +, — 1594 


MARTIAL. 5 

Flowers of Epigrams (from Martial particularly) by Tim. 

Kendall, 8vo . — 3 1577 
TERENCE, | 


Terens in Englyſh, or the tranſlacyon out of Latin into 
Engliſh of the firſt comedy of Tyrens callyd Andria. 


Suppoſed to be printed by F. Ruſtell f. 
| | ks Andria, 


On the books of the Stationers? company, Dec. 23, 1599, is en- 
tered, © Ovidius Naſo his Remedy of Love.” Again, in the ſame 


year, © Ovydes Epiſtles in Engliſhe, and © Ovydes Metamorphoſis 


* 


in Englyſhe.” | 8 | a 
+ This piece was entered at Stationers' hall Tune roth 1594. In 


1520, Viz. the 31th year of Hen. VIII. it appears from Holinſhed, 
that a comedy of Plautus was played before the king. 


1 Entered at Stationers' hall Feb. 1576. ; 
& As the following metrical introduction to this play, relates chiefly 
to the improvements at that time ſuppoſed to have been made in the 


Engliſh language, I could not prevail on myſelf to ſuppreſs it. 
8 The Poet. : 
The famous renown through the worlde is ſprong 


Of poetys ornate that usyd to indyte 
Of dyvers matters in theyr moderong 
Some toke upon them tranſlacions to wryte 
Some to compile bokys for theyr delyte 
But in our Engliſh tong for to ſpeke playn 
I rede but of few have take any gret payne 


| Except 


4 


ANCIENT TRANSLATIONS. 55 


Andria, the firſt Comedy of e by Maurice Kyffin, 
4to. 1588 

Terence in Engliſh, * Richard Bernard, 4to. Chu. 
bridge “. — 1598 


Except maſter Gowre which furſt began 


And of moralite wrote ryght craftely 


Than maſter Chaucer that excellent man 

Which wrote as compendious as aps 

As in any other tong ever dyd any 

Ludgate alſo which adournyd our tong 

Whoſe noble famys through the world be ſprong. 


By theſe men our tong is amplyfyed ſo 

That we therin now tranſlate as well as may 
As in eny other tongis other can do. 

Yet the Greke tong and Laten dyvers men ſay 
Have many wordys can not be Englyſhid this day 
So lyke wyſe in Englyſh many wordys do habound 
That no Greke nor Laten for them can be found. 


And the cauſe that our tong is ſo plenteouſe now 
For we kepe our Englyſh contynually. - 

And of other tongis many wordis we borow 
Which now for Englyſh we uſe and occupy 
Theſe thingis have gyven corage gretly 

To dyvers and ſpecyally now of late 

To them that this comedy have tranſlate, 


Which all diſcrete men now do beſech | 
And ſpecyally lernyd men to take no dyſdayn 
Though this be compylyd in our vulgare ſpech 
Yet lernyng thereby fome men may attayn 


For they that in this comedy have take payn 


Pray you to correct where faut ſal be found 


In the 


2 At Stationers“ hall in 1 597, „the ſecond comedy of Terence, 


And of our matter ſo here is the ground. 
metrical peroration to this piece, is the following ſtanza: 


Wherfore the tranſlatours now require you this 
Yf ought be amys ye wold conſyder 

The Englyſh almoſt as ſhort as the Latten is 
And ftill to kepe ryme a dyffycult matter 

To make the ſentence opynly to appere 

Which if it had a-lopg expocyſion 

Then were it a comment and no tranſlacyon. 


called Eunuchus was entered by W. Leake; and the firſt and ſecond 
comedie in 1600. 


Flowers 


—— — , ⏑—— . 


36 ANCIENT TRANSLATIONS, 
Flowers of Terence, — — 1591 "Ih 


8 KN RU | 
Seneca his Tenne Tragedies“, tranſlated into Englyſh 
by different 8 4to. Lond. 1581 
* Seneca? s Forme and Rule of Honeſt nannies. by Rob. 
Whyttington, 8vo. 1546 
Seven Bookes of Benefytingt, by Ard Arthur Golding, 4to. 


1 
LU CAN. | w 
E Lucan's Firſt Booke, tranſlated line for line, by Chr. 
Marlow, 4to. Lond, Printed by P. Short for Wal- 
ter Burre. — — 1600 
1 


Libios (Titus 1) and over Authores Hiſtorie a Annibal 
and Scippio, tranſlated into Engliſh, by Anthony 


Cope, Eſquier, B. L. 4to. Lond. — 1545 

7 The Romane Hiſt. &c. by T. Livius of Padua. Alſo the 
Breviaries of L. Florus, &c. by D. Philemon Hol- 

land, fol. Lond. — CF 0 


1A CI T US. 1 
The End of Nero and Beginning of Galba. Fower 


$ 8 Bookes of the Hiſtories of Cornelius Tacitus. The 
Life of Agricola, by Sir Hen. Saville, 4to. Lond. 
1591 


Annales of Tacitus, by Richard ner, fol. 1598 


| In the firſt volume of the entries of the Statfonere* company, 
Aug. 1579, Rich. Jones, and John Charlewood entered the 4th tra- 
gedie of Seneca. And again all the ten in 1581. 
| + In the firſt volume of the entries in the books of the Stationers? 
' * company is the following, „March 26. 1579, Seneca de Beneficiis i in 
, : Englyſhe,” 
| I In the firſt volume of the entries in the books of the Stationers' 
company, anno 1597, is the following note: 6 Memorandum that 
Mr. Alexander Nevill, Gent. is appointed to tranſlate Titus Livius 
into the Englyſhe tongue: expreſſed, the ſame is not to be printed, by 
anie man, but only ſuch as ſhall have his tranſlacion.” Again, in 
12598. « The hiſtory of Titus Livius“ was entered by Adam Iſlip. 


N e sSaLLUsr. 


ANcIENT TRANSLATIONS. 77 


DES SALLUST® 
The Famous Cronycle of the Warre, which the Romyns 
had againſt Jugurth, &c. compyled in Lat. by the 
renowned Romayn Salluſt, &c. tranſlated into Eng- 
liſhe, by Sir Alex. Barclay Preeſt, &c. Printed by 


Pynſon, fol. : 

Do. } ; | 

Lond. pr. by Joh. Waley, 4to. — 1557 
The Conſpiracie of Lucius Cataline, tranſlated into Eng. 

by Tho. Paynell, 4to. Lond. 1541 and 1557 


The two moſt Worthy and Notable Hiſtories, &c. Both 
written by C. C. Salluſtius, and tranſlated by Tho. 
Heywood, Lond. ſm. fol. — 1608 


SUETONIUS. 
Suetonius, tranſlated by D, Phil. Holland, fol, Lond. 


| | 1606t 
C S8 A Rf. 


Ceaſers Commentaries, as touching Britiſh affairs. With- 


out name, printer, place, or date; but by the type 

it appears to be Raſtell's. 
Ke Ames, p. 148. 

The eight Bookes of Caius Julius Cæſar, tranſlated by 

Arthur Golding, Gent. 4to. Lond. 1565 and 1590 

Cæſar's Commentaries (de Bello Gallico) five Bookes, 

by Clement Edmundes, with Obſervations, &c. Fol. 

| 1600 

De Bello Civili, by D®. three Bookes. Fol. 1609 

De. by Chapman. — — — 1604 

Dy JUSTIN. 

The Hiſt. of Juſtine, &c. by A. G. [Arthur Golding] 

Lond. 4to. — 1564 and 1578 

De. by Dr. Phil. Holland — 1606 


4 


* 
*\ 
vs 


* A tranſlation of Salluſt was entered at Stationers* hall in 1588. E 


Again, in 1607, © The hiſtorie of Salluſt in Engliſſie.“ 
+ This tranſlation was entered at Stationers' hall 1604. 
1 In the entries made in the books of the Stationers' company is 
the following, | 
John Charele wood] Sept. 158 1, Abſtracte of the hiſtorie of Cæſar 
and Pompeius. | | 
Do. 


** 


4 
7 


* 


4 
# 
ij . 
# 
* 
* 
bs 
» x 
* 
WW -» 


8 ANCIENT TRANSLATIONS, 


De. by G. W. with an Epitomie of the Lives, &c. of | 
the Romaine Emperors, from Aurelius Victor, fol. 


1606 
Q CUREFIDUS. 
The Hiſtorie of Quintus Curtius, &c. tranſlated, &c. by 


John Brende, 4to. Lond. — — 1553 
Others Editions were in 1561, 1584, 1570, 1592 * 
| EUTROPIUS, 
Eutropius engliſhed, by Nic. Haward, 8 vo. I 564 


A. MARCELLINUS. 
Anus Marcellinus, tranſlated EI Dr. P. Holland. 
| Lond. fol. — — 1609 
. 0. 


Cicero's Familiar Epiſtles by J. Webbe, ſm. 8vo. 0 date 
Certain ſelect Epiſtles into . by Abra. F lemming, 

4to. Lond. | 1576 
Thoſe Fyve Queſtions which Marke Tullye Cicero A. 


23 vet in his Manor of Tuſculanum, &c. &c. Eng- 


ſhed by John Dolman, ſm. 8 vo. Lond. 1561 


| pt Pom Tullius Cicero, three Bookes of Duties, tourn- 


ed out of Latin into Engliſh, by Nic. Grimalde 


1555, 1556, 1558, 1 
Ames ſays 1553 ; perhaps by miſtake, . + 
The thre Bokes af Tullius Offyce, &c. tranſlated, Ec. by 


R. * Poet Laureat, 12mo. Land, 1333. 
1534, 1540, and 1553 


4 

* In the Stationers' books this or ſome other tranſlation of the 
ſame author was entered by Richard Tottell, Feb. 1582, and again 
by Tho? Creede, &e. 1599. 

+ Mattaire ſays [Ann. Typog. B. 5. 290.] © In florulenta tituli 
marguncula (vulgo vignettee) ſuperiore, inſcribitur 1534. This was 
a wooden Block uſed by the Printer Tortel, for many Books in ſmall 
8vo. and by no means determines their Date. There may howeyer, 
have been ſome earlier tranſlation than any here enumerated, as in 


Sir Tho. Elyot's Bote named ibe Governour, 1537, is mentioned “ the 


worke of Cicero, called in Latine De Offictis, whereunto yet is no 
propre Engliſh worde, &c. | 

4 In the books belonging to Stationers hall, 5 Tullies Offices in 
Latin and Engliſh"? is entered Feb. 1582, for R. Tottell, Again, by 


Tho. Orwin, . Is 
4 'The 


ANCIENT TRANSLATIONS. 79 
The boke of Tulle of Old Age, tranſlated by Will. Wyr- 
ceſtre, alias Botaner. Caxton, 4to, - 1481 

De Senectute, by Whyttington, 8vo. | no date 
An Epiſtle or letter of exhortation written in Latyne by 
Marcus Tullius Cicero, to his brother Quintus, the 
Proconſul or Deputy of Aſia, wherein the office of a 
magiſtrate is cunningly and wiſely deſcribed ; tranſ- 
lated into Englyſhe by G. G. ſet forth and autho- 
riſed according to the Queenes Majeſties Injunctions. 
Prynted at London by Rouland Hall dwelling in 
Golding Lane, at the 3 of the three arrows. 


ſmall: 8vo. 1561 
The worthie Booke of Ole Age, otherwiſh intitled 
The elder Cato, &c. 12mo *. Lond. 1569 
Tullius Cicero on Old Age, wo, Tho. Newton, 8vo*. 


Lond. | — I 569 
Tullius Friendſhip, Olde Age, Parade E 5 8 
Dream, by Tho. Newton, 4to. 1 
Tullius de Amicitia, tranſlated into our 3 * 

lyſhe Tongue, by the E. of 851 Printed Fs 
Caxton, with the Tranſlation of De Senectute, fol. 

The Paradoxe of M. T. Cicero, &c. by Rob. Whytting-' | 
ton, Poet Laureat. Printed 1 in Southwarke, —_ "8 
40 
Webbe tranſlated all the fiæteen Boobs of Cicero's Epiſtle, 
but probably they were not printed together in Shak- ] 
Jpeare's Life-time, I. ſuppoſe this, from a Paſſage in » if 
his Dedication, in which he ſeems to mean Bacon, by i 

a Great Lord Chancellor. | 


BORETHID-S. | 

Boechius, by Chaucer. Printed by Caxton, fol. 
Boethius in Engliſh Verſe, by Tho. Rychard. Imprinted 
in the exempt Monaſtery of Taviſtock, 4to. 152 5 
Eng. and Lat. by Geo. Colville, 4to. 1556+ 


— 


** Theſe are perhaps the ſame as the two Leech Tranſlations. 
+ In thegStationers* books Jan. 13th, 1608, Matthew Lownes en- 
tered “ Anitius Manlius Torquatus Severinus Boethius, a Chriſtian 
Conſul of Rome, newly tranſlated out of Latin, together with original 


notes explaining the obſcureſt prey” Apr its 


80 ANCIENT TRANSLATIONS. 


APULEIUS. 
Apuleius's Golden Aſſe, tranſlated into Eng. by Wm. 
Adlington, 4to. Lond. — 1566 and 1571* 


FRONTINUS. 


Stratagemes, Sleightes, and Policies of Warre, gathered 
by S. Julius Frontinus. Tranſlated by Richard 
Moriſine, 8vo. Printed by Tho, Berthelet 1539 


 PLINY JUNr. 
Some ſele& Epiſtles of Pliny the Younger into Eng. by 
Abr. Flemming, 4to. Lond, — 1576 
POMPONIUS M ELA. 
Pomponius Mela, by A. Golding, 4vlo. — 1590 
FTF . 
Fliny's Nat. Hiſt. by Dr. Phil. Holland, fol f. 1601 


SOLIN US. | 
+ Julius Solinus Polyhiſtor, by A. Golding, 4to. 1587 


VEGETIUS 
The four Bookes of Flavius Vegetius, concerning mar- 


tial Policye, by John Sadler, 4to. | 1572 
4 RUTILIUS RUFUS. | 
A View of Valiaunce, tranſlated from Rutilius Rufus, by 
Tho. Newton, 8vo. — — 1580 
DARES Phryg. and DIC TVS Cret. 
Dares and Dictys's Trojan War, in Verſe 1555 


* There is an entry of this tranſlation in the books at Stationers* 
hall in 1595. Valentine Simes is the name of the printer who en- 
tered it. It is again entered by Clement Knight in 1600. 

+ On the books of the Stationers' company is this entry. Adam 
Iflip, 2600.] The xxxvii bookes of C. Plinius Secundus his hiſtorie 
of the worlde. To be tranſlated out of Latin into Englyſhe and ſa 

printed.“ 5 | « 


CATO. 


ANCIENT TRANSLATIONS. 8 


CATO, and P. SYRUS. 


Caton *, tranſlated into Englysſhe by Mayſter Benet 
Burgh, &c. mentioned by Caxton. ; 
Cathon [Parvus and Magnus] tranſl, &c. by Caxton 

| 1483t 
Preceptes of Cato, with Annotations of Eraſmus, &Cc. 
24mo. Lond. — 1560 and 1562 


1 Catonis Diſticha, Latin and Engliſh, ſmall 8 vo. Lond. 
Z I 

Ames mentions a Diſcourſe of Human Natare, 5 

from Hippocrates, p. 428; an Extract from Pliny, 

tranſlated from the French, p. 312; Aſop 7, 225 

by Caxton and others; and there is no doubt, but 

many Tranſlations at preſent unknown, may be gra- 
dually recovered, either by induſtry or accident. 


Probably this was never printed. 

+ There is an entry of Caton at Stationers' hall in 1591 by 
Adams, Eng. and Lat. Again, in the year 1591 by Tho, Orwin. 
Again, in 1605, „ Four bookes of morall ſentences entituled Cato, 
tranſlated out of Latin into Engliſh by J. M. Maſter of Arts.“ : 

f“ ZEſop's Fables in Englyſhe” were entered May 7th 1590, on 
the books of the Stationers' company. Again, Oct. 1591, Again 
Eſop's Fables in Meter, Nov. 1598. Some few of them had been 
paraphraſed by Lydgate, and I believe are ſtill unpubliſhed. See the 
Brit. Muſ. MSS. Harl. 2251. . « 

It is much to be lamented that Andrea Maunſell, a bookſeller in 
Lothbury, who publiſhed two parts of a catalogue of Engliſh printed 
books. fol. 1595, did not proceed to his third collection. This, ac- 
cording to his own account of it, would have conſiſted of Grammar, 
Logick, and Rhetoricke, Lawe, Hiſtorie, Poetrie, Policie, &c. 
which, as he tells us, “for the moſt part concerne matters of delight 
and pleaſure,” 1 


* 


Vor. I, . MR. 


MR. POPE*'S © 


R V. 


author; though to do it effectually, and not ſuper- 

cially, would be the beſt occaſion that any juſt writer 
could take, to form the judgment and taſte of our nation. 
For of all Engliſh poets Shakeſpeare muſt be confeſſed to 
be the faireſt and fulleſt ſubje& for criticiſm, and to 
afford the moſt numerous, as well as moſt conſpicuous 
inſtances, both of beauties and faults of all ſorts, But 
this far exceeds the bounds of a preface, the buſineſs of 
which is only to give an account of the fate of his works, 
and the diſadvantages under which they have been tranſ- 
mitted to us. We ſhall hereby extenuate many faults 
which are his, and clear him from the imputation of 
many which are not: a deſign, which, though it can 
be no guide to fature criticks to do him juſtice in one 
way, will at leaſt be ſufficient to prevent their doing him 
an injuſtice in the other, | 
I cannot however but mention ſome of his principal 
and characteriſtick excellencies, for which (notwithſtand- 
Ing his defects) he is juſtly and univerſally elevated above 
all other dramatick writers. Not that this is the proper 
place of praiſing him, but becauſe I would not omit any 
occaſion of doing it. | 

If ever any author deſerved the name of an original, 
it was Shakſpeare. Homer himſelf drew not his art fo 
immediately from the fountains of nature, it proceeded 
through Egyptian ſtrainers and channels, and came to 
him not without ſome tincture of the learning, or ſome 
caſt of the models, of thoſe before him. The poetry of 
Shakſpeare was inſpiration indeed: he is not ſo much an 


I: is not my deſign to enter into a criticiſm upon this 


. Imitator, as an inſtrument, of nature; and it is not ſo 


Juſt to ſay that he ſpeaks from her, as that ſhe ſpeaks 
through him, 8 


His | 


MR. POPE'S PRE FACE. 83 

His characters are ſo much nature herſelf, that it is a 
ſort of injury to call them by ſo diftant a name as copies 
of her. Thoſe of other poets have a conſtant reſem- 
blance, which ſhews that they received them from one 
another, and were but multipliers of the ſame image: 
each picture, like a mock-rainbow, is but the reflexion 
of a reflexion. But every ſingle charaQer in Shakſpeare 
is as much an individual, as thoſe in life itſelf; it is as 
impoſſible to find any two alike ; and ſuch as from their 
relation or affinity in any reſpe& appear moſt to be twins, 
will, upon compariſon, be found remarkably diſtin, 
To this life and variety of character, we muſt add the 
wonderful preſervation of it; which is ſuch throughout 
his plays, that had all the ſpeeches been printed with- 
out the very names of the perſons, I believe one might 
have applied them with certainty to every ſpeaker. 

The power over our paſſions was never poſſeſſed in a 
more eminent degree, or diſplayed in fo different in- 
ſtances, Yet all along, there is {een no labour, no pains 
to raiſe them; no preparation to guide our gueſs to the 
effect, or be perceived to lead toward it: but the heart 
ſwells, and the tears burſt out, juſt at the prope places: 
wie are ſurpriſed the moment we weep; an = upon 

reflexion find the paſſion ſo juſt, that we ſhould be ſur- 
priſed if we had not wept, and wept at that very 
moment. 

How aſtoniſhing is it again, that the paſſions directly 
oppoſite to theſe, laughter and ſpleen, are no leſs at his 
command ! that he 1s not more a maſter of the great 
than of the ridiculous in human nature; of our nobleſt 
tenderneſſes, than of our vaineſt foibles ; of our ſtrongeſt 
emotions, than of our idleft ſenſations ! i 

Nor does he only excel in the paſſions: in the cool- 
neſs of reflexion and reaſoning he is full as admirable. 
His /entiments are not only in general the moſt pertinent 
and judicious upon every ſubject; but by a talent very 
3 ſomething between penetration and felicity, he 
| hits upon that particular point on which the bent of each 

argument turns, or the force of each motive depends. 
This is perfectly 0 1 N man of ng education 

| 2 or 


84 MR. POPE*S PREFACE. 

or experience in thoſe great and publick ſcenes of life 
which are uſually the ſubje& of his thoughts: ſo that he 
ſeems to have known the world by intuition, to have 
looked through human nature at one glance, and to be 
the only author that gives ground for a very new opi- 
nion, that the | ay opher, and even the man of the 
world, may be born, as well as the poet. 

It muſt be owned, that with all theſe great excellen- 
cies, he has almoſt as great defects; and that as he has 
certainly written better, ſo he has perhaps written worſe 
than any other, But I think I can in ſome meaſure 
account for theſe defects, from ſeveral cauſes and acci- 
dents ; without which it is hard to imagine that ſo large 
and ſo enlightened a mind could ever have been ſuſcepti- 
ble of them. That all theſe contingencies ſhould unite 
to his diſadvantage ſeems to me almoſt as fingularly un- 
lacky, as that ſo many various (nay contrary) talents 

ſhould meet in one man, was happy and extraordi- 
BAY. --, | | | 

5 muſt be allowed that ſtage- poetry, of all other, is 
more particularly levelled to pleaſe the popalace, and its 
ſucceſs more immediately depending upon the common 
ſuffrage. One cannot therefore wonder, if Shakſpeare, 
having at his firſt appearance no other aim in his writ- 
ings than to procure a ſubſiſtence, directed his endea- 
vours ſolely to hit the taſte and humour that then pre- 
vailed. The audience was generally compoſed of the 
meaner ſort of people; and therefore the images of life 
were to be drawn Foe thoſe of their own rank : accord- 
ingly we find, that not our author's only, but almoſt all 
the old comedies have their ſcene among trade/men and 
mechanicks : and even their hittorical plays ſtrictly follow 
the common old /ories or vulgar traditions of that kind 
of people. In tragedy, nothing was ſo ſure to ſurprige 
and cauſe admiration, as the moſt ſtrange, unexpected, 
and conſequently moſt unnatural, events and incidents ; 
the moſt exaggerated thoughts; the moſt verboſe and 
bombaſt expreſſion; the moſt pompous rhymes, and 
thundering verſification. In comedy, nothing was ſo 
{ure to pleaſe, as mean buffoonry, vile ribaldry, and un- 
8 | 1 mannerly 


« 15 


MR. POPE'S PREFACE. 7 
mannerly jeſts of fools and clowns. Yet even in theſe out 
author's wit buoys up, and is borne above his ſubject: 
his genius in thoſe low parts is like ſome | hoe; of a ro- 


mance in the diſguiſe of a ſhepherd or peaſant ; a certain 
greatneſs and ſpirit now and then break out, which ma- 
ni feſt his higher extraction and qualities. | 
It may be added, chat not only the common audience 
had no notion of the rules of writing, but few even of the 
better ſort piqued themſelves upon any great degree of 
knowledge or nicety that way ; till Ben Jonſon getting 
poſſeſſion of the ſtage, brought critical learning into 
vogue: and that this was not done without difficulty, 
may appear from thoſe frequent leſſons (and indeed al- 
moſt declamations) which he was forced to prefix to his 
firſt plays, and put into the mouth of his actors, the 
grex, chorus, &c. to remove the prejudices, and inform 
the judgment of his hearers. Till then, our authors had 
no thoughts of writing on the model of the ancients : 
their tragedies were only hiſtories in dialogue; and 
their comedies followed the thread of any novel as they 
found it, no leſs implicitly than if it had been true 
hiſtory. 6 6h 278 ITCOT 
To judge therefore of Shakſpeare by Ariſtotle's rules; 
is like trying a man by the laws of one country, who 
acted under thoſe of another. He writ to the people x 
and writ at firſt without patronage from the better ſort, 
and therefore without aims of pleafing them: without 
aſſiſtance or advice from the learned, as without the ad- 
vantage of education or acquaintance among them: 
without that knowledge of the beſt models, the ancients, 
to inſpire him with an emulation of them; in a word, 
without any views of reputation, and of what poets are 
pleaſed to call immortality: ſome or all of which have 
encouraged the vanity, or animated the ambition, of 
Other writers. 5.25 e , 
Yet it muſt be obſerved, that when his performances 
Had merited the protection of his prince, and when the 
encouragement of the court had ſucceeded to that of the 
town; the works of his riper years are manifeſtly raiſed 
above thoſe of his former. The dates of his plays. ſuffi- 
3 | LF 3} clently 


$6 MR. POPE'S PREFACE. 


ciently eyidence that his productions improved, in pro- 
portion to the reſpe& he had for his auditors. And 1 
make no doubt this obſervation would be found true in 
every inſtance, were but editions extant from which we 
pac learn the exact time when every piece was com- 

poſed, and whether writ for the town, or the court. 
Another cauſe (and no leſs ſtrong than the former) 
may be deduced from our author's 5 a player, and 
ns himſelf firſt upon the judgments of that body of 
men whereof he was a member, They have ever had a 
ſtandard to themſelves, upon other principles than thoſe 
of Ariſtotle. As they live by the majority, they know 
no rule but that of pleaſing the preſent humour, and com- 
lying with the wit in faſhion; a conſideration which 
brings all their judgment to a ſhort point. Players are 
Juſt judges of what is right, as taylors are of what is 
graceful, And in this view it will be but fair to allow, 
that moſt of our author's faults are leſs to be aſcribed to 
his wrong judgment as a poet, than to his right judg- 

ment as a player. 810 

By theſe men it was thought a praiſe to Shakſpeare, 
that he ſcarce ever b/ozted a line. This they induſtri- 
ouſly propagated, as appears from what we are told by 
Ben Jonſon in his Diſcoveries, and from the preface of 
Heminge and Condell to the firſt folio edition. But in 
reality (however it has prevailed) there never was a 
more groundleſs report, or to the contrary of which there 
are more undeniable evidences. As, the comedy of The 
Merry Wives of Windſor, which he entirely new writ ; 
The Hiftery of Henry the Sixth, which was firſt publiſhed 
under the title of The Contention of York and Lancaſter ; 
and that of Heary rhe Fifth, extremely improved; that 
of Hamlet enlarged to almoſt as much again as at firſt, 
and many others. I believe the common opinion of his 
want of learning proceeded from no better ground, This 
too might be thought a praiſe by ſome, and to this his 
errors have as injudiciouſly been aſcribed. by others. For 
It is certain, were it true, it could concern but a ſmall 
part of them ; the moſt are ſuch as are not properly de- 
tes, but ſuperfcetations: and ariſe not from want of 
| | Jearning 


MR. POPE'S PREFACE. 97 


learning or reading, but from want of thinking or judg- 
ing: or rather (to be more juſt to our author) from a 
compliance to thoſe wants in others. As to a wrong 
choice of the ſubject, a wrong conduct of the incidents, 
falſe thoughts, forced expreſſions, &c. if theſe are not to 
be aſcribed to the foreſaid accidental reaſons, they muſt 
be charged upon the poet himſelf, and there 1s no help 
for it. But I think the two diſadvantages which I have 
mentioned (to be obliged to pleaſe the loweſt of the peo- 
ple, and to keep the worft of company) if the confidera- 
tion be extended as far as it reaſonably may, will appear 
ſufficient to miſlead and depreſs the greateſt genius upon 
earth. Nay, the more modeſty with which ſuch a one is 
endued, the more he is in danger of ſubmitting and con- 
forming to others, againft his own better judgment. 
But as to his avant of learning, it may be neceſſary to 
ſay ſomething more: there is certainly a vaſt difference 
between learning and languages. How far he was igno- 
rant of the latter, I cannot determine; but it is plain 
he had much reading at leaſt, if they will not call it 
learning. Nor is it any great matter, if a man has 
knowledge, whether he has it from one language or 
from another. Nothing is more evident than that he 
had a taſte of natural philoſophy, mechanicks, ancient 
and modern hiftory, poetical learning, and mythology : 
we find him very knowing in the cuſtoms, rites, and 
manners of antiquity, In Coriolanus and Fulius Cæſar, 
not only the ſpirit, but manners, of the Romans are ex- 
actly drawn; and full a nicer diſtinction is ſhewn between 
the manners of the Romans in the time of the former, 
and of the latter. His reading. in the ancient hiſtorians 
is no leſs conſpicuous, in many references to particular 
paſſages :. and the ſpeeches copied from Plutarch in Corio- 
lanus * may, I think, as well be made an inſtance of his 
learning, as thoſe copied from Cicero in Catiline, of Ben 
noch The manners of other nations in general, the 
gyptians, Venetians, French, &c. are drawn with 
#* Theſe, as the reader will find in the notes on that play, Shak- 
ſpeare drew from Sir Thomas North's Tranſlation, 1579. Maron. 


. equal 


——— —ü2e — — ÜW☚w 4. ˙ ¹Ü ä J —dq. ñ“,; — 
. 
4 s : 
» 


38- MR. POPE'S PRE FACE. 


equal propriety. Whatever object of nature, or branch 
„ =p ig he either ſpeaks of or deſcribes, it is always 
with competent, if not extenſive knowledge: his deſcrip- 
tions are ſtill exact; all his metaphors appropriated, and 
remarkably drawn from the true nature and inherent 
qualities of each ſubject, When he treats of ethick or 
politick, we may conſtantly obſerve a wonderful juſtneſs 
of diſtinction, as well as extent of comprehenſion. No 
one is more a maſter of the poetical ſtory, or has more 


frequent alluſions to the various parts of it: Mr. Waller 


(who has been celebrated for this laſt particular) has not 
ſhewn more learning this way than Shakſpeare. We 
have tranſlations from Ovid publiſhed in his name“, 
among thoſe poems which pals for his, and for ſome of 
which we have undoubted authority (being publiſhed by 
himſelf, .and dedicated to his noble patron the earl of 
Southampton): he appears alſo to have been converſant 
in Plautus, from whom he has taken the plot of one of his 

lays: he. follows the Greek authors, and particularly 
55 Phrygius, in another: (although I will not pretend 
to ſay in what language he read them). The modern 
Italian writers of vel he was manifeſtly acquainted 
with; and we may conclude him to be no leis converſant 
with the ancients of his own country, from the uſe he has 
made of Chaucer in Troilus and Creſſida, and in The 
To Noble Kinſmen, if that play be his, as there goes a 
tradition 1t was (and indeed it has little reſemblance of 
Fletcher, and more of our author than ſome of thoſe 
which have been received as genuine). os M2 
I am inclined to think this opinion proceeded origi- 
nally from the zeal of the partizans of our author and 
Ben Jonſon ; as they endeavoured to exalt the one at the 
expence of the other. It is ever the natute of parties to 
be in extremes; and nothing is ſo probable, as that be- 


cCauſe Ben Jonſon had much the more learning, it was 


ſaid on the one hand that Shakſpeare had none at all; 
and | becauſe Shakſpeare had much the moſt wit and 


* They were written by Themas Heywood, See Vol. 2 p. 321, 
No 1. MALONE. a pe Fan 5 | bo 


5 fancy, 


MR. POPE'“S PREFACE. 89 


fancy,. it was retorted on the other, that Jonſon wanted 


both. Becauſe Shakſpeare borrowed nothing, it was 
ſaid. that Ben Jonſon borrowed every thing. Becauſe 
Jonſon did not write extempore, he was reproached with 
being a year about every piece; and becauſe Shakſpeare 
wrote with eaſe and rapidity, they cried, he never once 
made a blot. Nay, the ſpirit of oppoſition ran ſo high, 


that whatever thoſe of the one fide objected to the other, 


was taken at the rebound, and turned into praiſes; as 
injudiciouſly, as their antagoniſts before had made them 
objections. | | | p 
Poets are always afraid of envy ; but ſure they have as 
much reaſon to be afraid of admiration. They are the 
Scylla and Charybdis of authors; thoſe who eſcape one, 
often fall by the other. Pefimum genus inimicorum lau- 
dantes, ſays Tacitus; and Virgil deſires to wear a charm 
againſt thoſe who praiſe a poet without rule or reaſon. 


A ultra placitum Iaudarit, baccare frontem 


Cingite, ne vati noceat—,. 


But however this contention might be carried on by the 
partizans on either fide, I cannot help thinking theſe 
two great poets were good friends, and lived on amica- 
ble terms, and in offices of ſociety with each other. It 
is an knowledged fact, that Ben Jonſon was introduced 
upon the ſtage, and his firſt works encouraged, by Shak- 
| ſpeare. And after his death, that author writes, To the 
memory of his beloved William Shakſpeare, which ſhews 
as if the friendſhip had continued through life. I can- 
not for my. own part find any thing inv:1dious or ſparing 
in thoſe verſes, but wonder Mr. Dryden' was of that 
opinion. He exalts him not only above all his contem+ 
poraries, but above Chaucer and Spenſer, whom he will 
not allow to be great enough to be ranked with him; 
and challenges the names of Sophocles, Euripides, and 
Aſchylus, nay, all Greece and Rome at once, to equal 
him: and (which is very particular) expreſsly vindicates 
him from the imputation of wanting art, not enduring 
that all his excellencies ſhould be attributed to nature. 


It is remarkable too, that the praiſe he gives him in 


his 


> ——_—_—— —— 
+» — 3 


co MIR. POPE'S PREFACE. 


his Diſcoveries ſeems to proceed from a per/onal kindneſs $ 
he tells ns, that he loved the man, as well as honoured 
his memory; celebrates the honeſty, openneſs, and 
frankneſs of his temper; and only diſtinguiſhes, as he 
reaſonably ought, between the real merit of the author, 
and the filly and derogatory applauſes of the players. 
Ben Jonſon might indeed be ſparing in his commenda- 
tions (though certainly he is not ſo in this inſtance) 
partly from his own nature, and partly from judgment. 
For men of judgment think they do any man more ſervice 
in praiſing him juſtly, than laviſhly. I ſay, I would 
fain believe they were friends, though the violence and 
iIl-breeding of their followers and flatterers were enough 
to give riſe to the contrary report. I hope that it may 
be with parties, both in wit and ſtate, as with thoſe 
monſters deſcribed by the poets; and that their heads at 
leaſt may have ſomething human, though their bodies and 
tails are wild beaſts and ſerpents. | 
As I believe that what I have mentioned gave riſe to 
the opinion of Shakſpeare's want of learning; ſo what 
Has continued it down to us may have been the man 
blunders and illiteracies of the firſt publiſhers of his 
works. In theſe editions their ignorance ſhines in almoſt 
every page; nothing is more. common than Adtus tertia. 
Exit omnes. Enter three Witches folus * Their French 
is as bad as their Latin, both in conſtruction and ſpell- : 
ing: their very Welſh is falſe. Nothing is more likely 
than that thoſe palpable blunders of Hector's quoting 
Ariſtotle, with others of that groſs kind, ſprung from 
the ſame root: it not being at all credible that theſe 
could be the errors of any man who had the leaſt tincture 
of a ſchool, or the leaſt converſation with ſuch. as had. 
Ben Jonſon (whom they will not think partial to him) 
allows him at leaſt to have had oe Latin; which is ut- 
terly inconſiſtent with miſtakes like theſe. Nay, the 
conſtant blunders in proper names of perſons and places, 


* Enter three witches ſolus.] This blunder appears to be of Mr. 
Pope's own invention. It is not to be found in any one of the four 
folio copies of Macbeth, and there is no quarto edition of it extant. 

Fn | STEEVENSs 


are 


MR. POPE'S PREFACE. 98 
are ſuch as muſt have proceeded from a man, who had 
not ſo much as read any hiſtory in any language: ſo 
could not be Shakſpeare's. 5 
I ſhall now lay before the reader ſome of thoſe almoſt 
innumerable errors, which have riſen from one ſource, 
the ignorance of the players, both as his actors, and as 
his editors. When the nature and kinds of theſe are 
enumerated and conſidered, I dare to ſay that not Shak- 
ſpeare only, but Ariſtotle or Cicero, had their works 
undergone the ſame fate, might have appeared to want 
ſenſe as well as learning. 4 
It is not certain that any one of his plays was publiſh- 
ed by himſelf. During the time of his employment in 
the theatre, ſeveral of his pieces were printed ſeparately 
in quarto. What makes me think that moſt of theſe 
were not publiſhed by him, is the exceſſive careleſſneſs 
of the preſs: every page is ſo ſcandaloully falſe ſpelled, 
and almoſt all the learned or unuſual words ſo intolerably 
mangled, that it is plain there either was no correQor 
to the preſs at all, or one totally literate. If any were 
ſuperviſed by himſelf, I ſhould fancy The Tao Parts of 
Henry the Fourth, and Mid/ummer-Night's Dream might 
have been ſo: becauſe I find no other printed with any 
exactneſs; and (contrary to the reſt) there is very little 
variation in all the ſubſequent editions of them. There 
are extant two prefaces to the firſt quarto edition of 
T roilus and Creſſida in 1609, and to that of Othello; by 
which it appears, that the firſt was publiſhed without his 
knowledge or conſent, and even before it was acted, ſo 
late as ſeven or eight years before he died: and that the 
latter was not printed till after his death. The whole 
number of genuine plays, which we have been able to 
find printed in his life-time, amounts but to eleven. 
And of fome of theſe, we meet with two or more edi- 
tions. by different printers, each of which has whole 
heaps of traſh different from the other : which I thould 
fancy was occaiioned by their being taken from different 
copies belonging to different play-houſes, _ 

The folio edition (in which all the plays we now re- 


ceive as his were firſt collected) was publiſhed by two - 
+ players, 


| 
1 
| 
; 
* 
| 
1 


92 MR. POPE'S PRE FAC E. 
players, Heminge and Condell, in 1623, ſeven years 
after his deceaſe. They declare, that all the other edi- 
tions were ſtolen and ſurreptitious, and affirm theirs to 
be purged from the errors of the former. This 1s true 
as to the literal errors, and no other; for in all reſpects 
elſe it is far worſe than the quartos. - 15 
Firſt, becauſe the additions of trifling and bombaſt 
paſſages are in this edition far more numerous. For 
whatever had been added, ſince thoſe quartos, by the 
actors, or had ſtolen from their mouths into the written 
parts, were from thence conveyed into the printed text, 
and all ftand charged upon the author. He himſelf com- 
plained of this uſage in Hamlet, where he wiſhes that 
theſe who play the clowns would ſpeak no more than is ſet 
down for them. (Act III. ſc. iv.) But as a proof that he 
could not eſcape it, in the old editions of Romeo and 
Juliet there is no hint of a great number of the mean 
conceits and ribaldries now to be found there. In others, 
the low ſcenes of mobs, plebeians, and clowns, are vaſtly 
thorter than at preſent”: and I have ſeen one in particular 
(which ſeems to have belonged to the play-houſe, by 
Having the parts divided with lines, and the actors 
names in the margin) where ſeveral of thoſe very paſ- 
fages were added in a written hand, which are ſince to 
be found in the folio, a 
: | In the next place, a number of beautiful paſſages, 
| which are extant in the firſt ſingle editions, are omitted 
in this: as it ſeems, without any other reaſon, than 
their willingneſs to ſhorten ſome ſcenes : theſe men (as 
"it was ſaid of Procruſtes) either lopping, or ſtretching an 
author, to make him juſt fit for their ſtage. 
This edition is ſaid to be printed from the original 
copies; J believe they meant thoſe which had lain ever 
fince the author's days in the play-houſe, and had from 
time to time been cut, or added to, arbitrarily, It 
appears that this edition, as well as the quartos, was 
printed (at leaſt partly) from no better copies than 
the prompter's book, or piece- meal parts written out 
for the uſe of the actors: for in ſome places their 


a 4 
95 9 


MR. POPE'S PRE FACE. 95 


very * names are through careleſſneſs ſet down inſtead of 
the Perhonæ Dramatis; and in others the notes of direc- 
tion to the property-men for their moveables, and to the 


players for their entries, are inſerted into the text - 


through the ignorance of the tranſcribers. 

The plays not having been before ſo much as diſtin- 
guiſhed by Ads and Scenes, they are in this edition 
divided according as they played them ; often when 


there is no pauſe in the action, or where they thought fit 
to make a breach in it, for the ſake of muſick, maſques, 


or monſters, | 
Sometimes the ſcenes are tranſpoſed and ſhuffled back- 


ward and forward; a thing which could no otherwiſe. 


happen, but by their being taken from ſeparate and 
piece-meal written parts. | 

Many verſes are omitted entirely, and others tranſ- 
poſed ; from whence invincible obſcurities have ariſen, 
paſt the gueſs of any commentator to clear up, but juſt 
where the accidental glimpſe of an old edition en- 
lightens us. | 


Some characters were confounded and mixed, or two 


put into one, for want of a competent number of actors. 


Thus in the quarto edition of Mid/ummer-Night's Dream, 


Act V. Shakſpeare introduces a kind of maſter of the 
revels called Philoſtrate; all whoſe part is given to an- 
other character (that of Egeus) in the ſublequent edi- 
tions: ſo alſo in Hamlet and King Lear, This too makes 
it probable that the prompter's books were what they 
called the original copies. | 


Much Ado about Notbiag, Act II., Enter Prince L-onato, Claus 


dio, and Jack Wilſon, inftead of Balthaſar. And in Act IV. Cowley 
and Kemp conſtantly through a whole ſcene. 


Edit. fol. of 1623, and 1632, Por E. 


+ Such as, | | 
« My queen is murder'd! Ring the little bell,” 
6 f— His noſe grew as ſharp as a pen, and a table of green 
Feld:; which laſt words are not in the quarto. Por z. 


above by Mr. Pope. MAL ON. 


There is no ſuch line in any play of Shakſpeare, as that quoted 


4 


From 


| 
| 
| 
1 


— — — — Lͤ— 


94 MR. POPE'S PREPACE. 


From liberties of this kind, many ſpeeches alſo were 
put into the mouths of wrong perſons, where the author 
now ſeems chargeable with making them ſpeak out of 
character: or ſometimes perhaps for no better reaſon, 
than that a governing player, to have the mouthing of 
ſome favourite ſpeech himſelf, would ſnatch it from the 
unworthy lips of an underling, | 

| Proſe from verſe they did not know, and they accord- 
ingly printed one for the other throughout the volume. 

Having been forced to fay ſo much of the players, I 

think I ought in juſtice to remark, that the judgment, 
as well as condition of that claſs of people was then far 
inferior to what it is in our days. As then the beſt play- 
houſes were inns and taverns, (the Globe, the Hope, 
the Red Bull, the Fortune, &c.) ſo the top of the pro- 
feſſion were then mere players, not gentlemen of the 
ſtage: they were led into the buttery by the ſteward “, 
not placed at the lord's table, or lady's toilette: and 
conſequently were entirely deprived of thoſe advantages 
they now enjoy in the familiar converſation of our no- 
bility, and an intimacy (not to ſay dearneſs) with people 
of the firſt condition. WT 

From what has been ſaid, there can be no queſtion 
but had Shakfpeare publiſhed his works himſelf (eſpeei- 
ally in his latter time, and after his retreat from the 
ſtage) we ſhould not only be certain which are genuine, 
but ſhould find in thoſe that are, the errors leſſened by 
tome thouſands. If I may judge from all the diſtinguiſh - 
ing marks of his ſtile, and his manner of thinking and 
writing, I make no doubt to declare that thoſe wretched 


* Mr, Pope probably recollected the following lines in the Taming of 
tte Shrew, ſpoken by a Lord, who is giving directions to his ſervant 
concerning fome players: ; 

« Go, firrah, take them to the buttery, 

« And give them friendly welcome, every one.“ 

But he ſeems not to have obſerved that the players here introduced 
were ftrollers; and there is no reaſon to ſuppole that our authour, 
Heminge, Burbage, Lowin, &c. who were licenſed by K. James, were 
treated in this manner. MALONEs SO 


plays, 


MR. POPE'S PREFACE. - 


plays, Pericles, Locrine, Sir Fohn Oldcaftle, Yorkfbire 
Tragedy, Lord Cromwell, The Puritan, London Prodigal, 
and a thing called The Double Falſbood, cannot be ad- 
mitted as his. And I ſhould conjecture of ſome of the 
others, (particularly Lowe's Labour's Loft, The Winter's 
Tale, Comedy of Errors, and Titus Anaronicus,) that only 
ſome characters, ſingle ſcenes, or perhaps a few par- 
_ ticular paſſages, were of his hand. It is very probable 
what occaſioned ſome plays to be ſuppoſed Shakſpeare's, 
was only this; that they were pieces produced by un- 
known authors, or fitted up for the theatre while it was 
under his adminiſtration ; and no owner claiming them, 
they were adjudged to him, as they give ſtrays to the 
lord of the manor: a miſtake which (one may alſo ob- 
ſerve) it was not for the intereſt of the houſe to remove. 
Yet the players themſelves, Heminge and Condell, af- 
terwards did Shakſpeare the juſtice to reje& thoſe eight 
plays in their edition ; though they were then printed 
in his name“, in every body's hands, and acted with 
ſome applauſe (as we learned from what Ben Jonſon ſays 
of Pericles in his ode on the New Inn). That Titus An- 
 @ronicus is one of this claſs I am the rather induced to 
believe, by finding the ſame author openly expreſs his 
contempt of it in the Induction to Bartholomew-Fair, in 
the year 1614, when Shakſpeare was yet living, And 
there is no better authority for theſe latter fort, than 
for the former, which were equally publiſhed in his 
life-time. - | 85 
If we give into this opinion, how many low and vici- 
ous parts and paſſages might no longer reflect upon this 
great genius, but appear unworthily charged upon him? 
And even in thoſe which are really his, how many faults 
may have been unjuſtly laid to his account from arbitrary 
additions, expunctions, tranſpoſitions of ſcenes and lines, 
confution of characters and perſons, wrong application of 
ſpeeches, corruptions of innumerable paſſages by the 
ignorance, and wrong corrections of them again by the 
impertinence, of his firſt editors? From one or other of 


| A 
His name was affixed only to four of them, Matrox E. 


theſe 


| 
| 
| 


96 MR. POPE'S PREFACE, 

theſe conſiderations, I am verily perſuaded, that the 
greateſt and the groſſeſt part of what are thought his 
errors would vaniſh, and leave his character in a light 
very different from that diſadvantageous one, in which 
it now appears to us. ; PE”. 
This is the ſtate in which Shakſpeare's writings lie at 
preſent ; for fince the above-mentioned folio edition, all 
the reſt have implicitly followed it, without having re- 
courſe to any of the former, or ever making the com- 
pariſon between them. It is impoſſible to repair the 
injuries already done him; too much time has elapſed, 
and the materials are too few. In what I have done I 
have rather given a proof of my willingneſs and deſire, 
than of my ability, to do him juſtice. 1 have diſcharged 
the dull duty of an editor, to my beſt judgment, with 
more labour than I expect thanks, with a religious ab- 
horrenee of all innovation, and without any indulgence 
to my private ſenſe or conjecture. The method taken in 
this edition will ſhew itfelf. The various readings are 
fairly put in the margin, ſo that every one may com- 
| pare them; and thoſe I have preferred into the text are 
conſtantly ex fide codicum, upon authority, The altera- 
tions or additions, which Shakſpeare himſelf made, are 
taken notice of as they occur. Some ſuſpected paſſages, 
which are exceſſively bad (and which ſeem interpolations 
by being ſo inſerted, that one can entirely omit them 
without any chaſm, or deficience in the context) are 
degraded to the bottom of the page; with an aſteriſk 
referring to the places of their inſertion. * The ſcenes 
are marked fo diſtinctly, that every removal of place is 
fpecified; which is more neceſſary in this author than 
any other, ſince he ſhifts them more frequently; and 
iometimes, without attending to this particular, the 
reader would have met with obſcurities. The more ob- 
ſolete or unuſual words are explained. Some of the moſt 
ſhining paſſages are diſtinguiſhed by commas in the mar- 
gin; and where the beauty lay not in particulars, but 
in the whole, a ſtar is prefixed to the ſcene, This ſeems 
to me a ſhorter and leſs oſtentatious method of perform- 
ing the better half of criticiſm (namely, the pointing out 

| an 


MR. POPE'S PREFACE. 9 
an author's excellencies) than to fill a whole paper with 
Citations of fine paſſages, with general applauſes, or empty 


erxclamations at the tail of them. There 1s alſo ſubjoined 


a catalogue of thoſe firſt editions, by which the greater 
part of the various readings and of the corrected paſ- 
ſages are authorized; moſt of which are ſuch as carry 
their own evidence along with them. Theſe editions 
now hold the place of cr'_inals, and are the only mate- 
rials left to repair the deficiencies or reſtore the corrupted 
ſenſe of the author: I can only wiſh that a greater num 
ber of them (if a greater were. ever publiſhed) may yet 
be found, by a ſearch more ſucceſsful than mine, for the 
better accompliſhment of this end. Els b 

I will conclude by ſaying of Shakſpeare, that with all 
his faults, and with all the irregularity of his drama, 
one may look upon his works, in compariſon of thoſe. 
that are more finiſhed and regular, as upon an ancient 
majeſtick piece of Gothick architecture, compared with a 
neat modern building: the latter is more elegant and 
_ glaring, but the former is more ſtrong and more ſolemn. 
It muſt be allowed that in one of theſe there are mate- 
rials enough to make many of the other. It has much 
the greater variety, and much the nobler apartments 
though we are often conducted to them by dark, odd, 
and uncouth paſſages. Nor does the whole fail to ſtrike 
us with greater reverence, though many of the parts are 
childiſh, ill-placed, and unequal to its grandeur, . 


EE FS} 


8 THE | | 
DEDICATION OF THE PLAYERS. 
| | To THE 
MOST NOBLE any INCOMPARABLE PAIRE 
| or BRETHREN, | 


„ 


Earle of PEM RROE E, &c. Load ee to the 
8 Kings moſt Excellent Majeſtie; 


AND £0 
J 8, + 


Earle of MoxTcomsry, &c. Gentleman of his Majeſties 
Bed-chamber. * | 


Both Knights of the Moſt Noble Order of the Garter, 
and our fingular good LORDS. 


RIGHT HONOURABLE, 


"HILST we ſtudie to be thankfull in our particu- 

lar, for the many favors we have received from 

your L. L. we are falne upon the ill fortune, to mingle 
two the moſt diverſe things that can be, feare, and raſn- 
neſſe; raſhneſſe in the enterprize, and feare of the ſuc- 
ceſſe. For, when we value the places your H. H. ſuſ- 
taine, wee cannot but know the dignity greater, than to 
deſcend to the reading of theſe trifles: and, while we 
name them trifles, we have deprived ourſelves of the de- 
fence of our dedication. But ſince your L. L. have been 
pleaſed to thinke theſe trifles ſomething, heeretofore; 
and have proſequuted both them, and their authour liv- 
ing, with ſo much favour; we hope that (they out- living 
him, and he not having the fate, common with ſome, to 
be exequutor to his owne writings) you will uſe the ſame 
indulgence toward them, you have done unto their pa- 
rent. There is a great difference, whether any booke 


chooſe his patrones, or finde them ; this hath done _ 
| For, 


THE PLAYERS' DEDICATION. 99 

For, ſo much were your L. L. likings of the ſeveral parts, 
when they were acted, as before they were publiſhed, 
the volume aſked to be yours. We have but collected 
them, and done an office to the dead, to procure his 
orphanes, guardians; without ambition either of ſelfe- 
profit, or fame: onely to keepe the memory of ſo wor- 
thy a friend, and fellow alive, as was our SHAKSPEARE, 
by humble offer of his playes, to your moſt noble patro- 
nage. Wherein, as we have juftly obſerved no man to 
come neere your L. L. but with a kind of religious ad- 
dreſſe, it hath bin the height of our care, who are the 
preſenters, to make the preſent worthy of your H. H. by 
the perfection. But, there we muſt alſo crave our abili- 
ties to be conſidered, my Lords. We cannot goe beyond 
our one powers. Country hands reach forth mulke, 
creame, fruits, or what they have: and many nations 
(we have heard) that had not gummes and incenſe, 
obtained their requeſts with a leavened cake*. It was 
no fault to approach their gods by what meanes they 
could: and the moſt, though meaneſt, of things are 
made more precious, when they are dedicated to tem- 

ples. In that name therefore, we moſt humbly conſe- 
_ crate to your H. H. theſe remaines of your ſervant SHA x- 
_ SPEARE; that what delight is in them may be ever your 
L. L. the reputation his, and the faults ours, if any be 
committed, by a paire ſo carefull to ſhew their gratitude 
both to the living, and the dead, as is | 

Your Lord/hippes moſt bounden, 
| Joux Hzemince, 
HENRY CoNDELLs 


Country bands reach forth mill, cc. and many nat ion: t hat bad nee 
- gummes and incenle, chtained their requeſts with & lea vened cakes] 
This ſeems to have been one of the common-places of dedication in 
Shakſpeare's age. We find it in Morley's Dedication of a Book of 
Songs to Sir Robert Cecil, 1595: „ have preſumed” (ſays he) © to 
make offer of theſe ſimple compoſitions of mine, imitating (right ho- 
nourable) in this the cuſtoms of the old world, who wanting igcenſs 
to offer up to their gods, made ſhift inſteade thereof to honour them 
wich milk.” The ſame thought (if I recollect right) is again employed 
by the players in their dedication of Fletcher's plays, — 1647. 
ALONE. 


[G2] THE 


1 


E 2 


oF THE 


FLA XK 8 S. 


TO THE GREAT VARIETY OF READERS 


ROM the moſt able, to him that can but ſpell : there 
you arenumbered, we had rather you were weighed. 
Eſpecially, when the fate of all bookes depends upon 
your capacities: and not of your heads alone, but of 
your purſes. Well! it is now publique, and you will 
ſtand for your priviledges, wee know: to read, and cen- 
ſure. Doe ſo, but buy it firſt. That doth beſt commend 
a booke, the ſtationer ſates. Then, how odde ſoever 
your braines be, or your wiſedomes, make your licence 
the ſame, and {pare not. Judge your ſixe-pen'orth, your 
ſhillings worth, your five ſhillings worth at a time, or 
higher, ſo you riſe to the juſt rates, and welcome. But, 
whatever you doe, buy. Cenſure will not drive a trade, 
or make the jacke goe. And though you be a magiſtrate 
of wit, and fit on the ſtage at Black-friars, or the Cock- 
pee to arraigne plays dailie, know, theſe playes have 

ad their triall already, and ſtood out all appeales; and 
do now come forth quitted rather by a decree of court, 
than any purchaſed letters of commendation. 

It had bene a thing, we confeſſe, worthie to have been 
wiſhed, that the author himſelfe had lived to have ſet 
forth, and overſeen his owne writings ; but ſince it hath 
been ordained otherwiſe, and he by death departed from 
that right, we pray you doe not envie his friends the 
office of their care and paine, to have collected and pub- 
liſhed them; and ſo to have publiſhed them, as where“ 
(before) you were abuſed with divers ſtolne and ſurrep- 
titious copies, maimed and deformed by the frauds and 
ſtealthes of injurious impoſtors, that expoſed them, even 


2 where] i. e. whereas. MAL. 


thoſe 


PREFACE BY THE PLAYERS. 101 


thoſe are now offered to your view cured, and perfect of 
their limbes ; and all the reſt, abſolute in their numbers 
as he conceived them : who, as he was a happy imitator 
of nature, was a moſt gentle expreſſer of it. His mind 
and hand went together; and what he thought, he utter- 
ed with that eaſineſſe, that wee have ſcarce received from 
him a blot in his papers. But it is not our province, 
who onely gather his workes, and give them you, to 

raiſe him. It is yours that reade him. And there we 
10pe, to your divers Capacities, you will finde enough, 
both to draw, and hold you: for his wit can no more lie 
hid, then it could be loſt, Reade him, therefore; and 
againe, and againe: and if then you doe not like him, 
ſurely you are in ſome manifeſt danger, not to under- 
ſtand him. And ſo we leave you to other of his friends, 
who, if you need, can bee your guides: if you neede 
them not, you can leade yourſelves, and others. And 
ſuch readers we wiſh him, | 


Jonn Hemince, 
HENRIE Cox pRII. 


18 3] 


SOME 


ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, &c, 


| 24 o F | 
WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 
WRITTEN BY MR. ROWE. 


T ſeems to be a kind of reſpe& due to the memory of 
excellent men, eſpecially of thoſe whom their wit and 


learning have made famous, to deliver ſome account of 


themſelves, as well as their works, to poſterity. For this 
reaſon, how fond do we ſee ſome people of diſcovery 
any little perſonal ſtory of the great men of antiquity ! 
their families, the common accidents of their lives, and 
even their ſhape, make, and features, have been the ſub- 
Je& of critical inquiries. How trifling ſoever this curi- 
oſity may ſeem to be, it is certainly very natural; and 
we are hardly fatisfied with an account of any remark- 
able perſon, till we have heard him deſcribed even to 
the very cloaths he wears. As for what relates to men 
of letters, the knowledge of an author may ſometimes 
conduce to the better underſtanding his book; and 
though the works of Mr. Shakſpeare may ſeem to many 
not to want a comment, yet I fancy ſome little account 
of the man himſelf may not be thought improper to ga 
along with them. | 

He was the ſon of Mr. John Shakſpeare, and was born 
at Stratford- upon-Avon, in Warwickſhire, in April 1564. 


His family, as appears by the regiſter and publick writ- 


ings relating to that town, were of good figure and 
- faſhion there, and are mentioned as gentlemen. His 
father, who was a conſiderable dealer in wool *, had fo 
large a family, ten children in all, that though he was 
| | his 

© Ts fines who was a confiderable dealer in wwool,—] It appears 
that he had been officer and bailiff of Stratford- upon-Avon; and that 


he enjoyed ſome hereditary lands and tenements, the reward of his 
grandfather's faithful and approved ſervices to King Henry VII. 
See the Extract from the Herald's Office, TaxzoBALD. 


The 


N. 
55 
3 
C4 
7 


OF WILLIAM SHAKSPEARFR, 103 
his eldeſt ſon, he could give him no better education 


than his own employment. He had bred him, it is true, 


The chief magiſtrate of the Body Corporate of Stratford, now diſ- 
tinguiſhed by the title of Mayor, was in the early charters called the 
High Bailiff, This office Mr. John Shakſpeare filled in 1569, as ap- 
pears from the following extracts from the books of the corporation, 
with which I have been favoured by the Rev. Mr. Davenport, Vicar 
of Stratford-upon-Avon. - 

cc ling 10, in the 6th year of the reign of our ſovereign lady Queen 
Elizabeth, John Shakſpeare paſſed his Chamberlain's accounts. | 
& At the Hall holden the eleventh day of September, in the ele- 
venth year of the reign of our ſovereign lady Elizabeth, 1569, were 
preſent Mr. John Shakſpeare, High Bailiff.” [ Then follow the 
names of the Aldermen and Burgeſſes.] 

& At the Hall holden Nov. 19th, in the 2 1ſt year of the reign of 
our ſovereign lady Queen Elizabeth, it is ordained, that every Alder- 
man ſhall be taxed te pay weekly 4d. ſaving Fobn Shakſpeare and 
Robert Bruce, who ſhall not be taxed to pay any thing; and every 
burgeſs to pay zd.“ | 

 & At the Hall holden on the 6th day of September, in the 28th 
year of our ſovereign lady Queen Elizabeth. 

c At this hall William Smith and Richard Courte are choſen to be 
Aldermen in the places of John Wheler, and John Shakſpere, for that 
Mr, Wheler doth deſire to be put out of the company, and Mr, Shak- 
ſpere doth not come to the halls, when they be warned, nor hath nat 
done of long time.” 

From theſe extracts it may be collected, (as is obſerved by the gen- 
tleman above-mentioned, to whoſe obliging attention to my inquiries 


I am indebted for many particulars relative to our poet's family,) that 


Mr. John Shakſpeare in the former part of his life was in good cix- 
cumſtances, ſuch perſons being generally choſen into the corporation; 
and from his being excuſed [in 1579] to pay 4d. weekly, and at a 
ſubſequent period (1586) put out of the corporation, that he was then 
reduced in his circumſtances, | 3 

It appears from a note to W. Dethick's Grant of Arms to him in 
1596, now in the College of Arms, Vincent, Vol. 157, p. 24, that 
he was a juſtice of the peace, and poſſeſſed of lands and tenements 
to the amount of 5001. 1 

Our poet's mother was the daughter and heir of Robert Arden of 
Wellingcote, in the county of Warwick, who, in the Mf, above re- 
ferred to, is called „ a gentleman of worſhip.” The family of Arden 
is a very ancient one; Robert Arden of Bromwich, eſq. being in the 
lift of the gentry of this county, returned by the commiſſioners in the 
twelfth year of King Henry VI. A.D. 1433- Edward Arden was 
Sheriff of the county in 1568.— The woodland part of this county was 
anciently called Ardern; afterwards ſoftened to Arden. Hence the 
name, Marůox . 


RR ET. for 


1e SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, &. 


for ſome time at a free-ſchool , where, it is probable, 
he acquired what Latin he was maſter of: but the nar- 
rowneſs of his circumſtances, and the want of his aſſiſt- 
ance at home, forced his father to withdraw him from 
thence, and unhappily prevented his further proficiency 
in that language. It is without controverſy, that in his 
works we 3 find any traces of any thing that looks 
like an imitation of the ancients. Ihe delicacy of his 
taſte, and the natural bent of his own great genius, (equal, 
if not ſuperior, to ſome of the beſt of theirs,) would cer- 
tainly have led him to read and ſtudy them with ſo much 
3 ure, that ſome of their fine images would naturally 
have inſinuated themſelves into, and been mixed with 
his own writings ; ſo that his not copying at leaſt ſome- 
thing from them, may be an argument of his never hav- 
ing read/them. Whether his ignorance of the ancients 
were a diſadvantage to him or no, may admit of a diſ- 
pute: for though the knowledge of them might have 
made him more correct, yet it is not improbable but that 
the regularity and deference for them, which would have 


attended that correctneſs, might have reſtrained ſome of 


that fire, impetuoſity, and even beautiful extravagance, 
which we admire in, Shakſpeare: and I believe we are 
better pleaſed with thoſe thoughts, altogether new and 
uncommon, which his own imagination ſupplied him ſo 
abundantly with, than if he had given us the moſt beau- 


tiful et i out of the Greek and Latin poets, and that 


in the moſt agreeable manner that it was poſſible for a 
maſter of the Engliſh language to deliver them. 

Upon his leaving ſchool, he ſeems to have given en- 
tirely into that way of living which his father propoſed 
to him“; and in order to ſettle in the world after a fa- 
mily manner, he thought fit to marry while he was yet 
very young?. His wife was the daughter of one Hatha- 

>, 7 | ways 

2 He had bred bim, it is true, at a free- ſcbool,] The free-ſchool, I 
preſume, founded at Stratford. THEOBAT D. 5 
into that way of living zvbicb bis father propoſed to bim 3] I 

believe, that on leaving ſchool Shakſpeare was placed in the office of 
ſome country attorney, or the ſeneſchal of ſome manor court. See the 
E ay on the order of bis plays, Article, Hamlet. MA LON E. 


be tbought fit to marry while be was yet very young] It is 2 
Ss | ; | al 


OF WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 0f 


way“, ſaid to have been a ſubſtantial yeoman in the 
neighbourhood of Stratford. In this kind of ſettlement 
he continued for ſome time, till an extravagance that he 
was guilty of forced him both out of his country, and 
that way of living which he had taken up; and though 
it ſeemed at firſt to be a blemith upon his good manners, 
and a misfortune to him, yet it afterwards happily prov- 
ed the occaſion of exerting one of the greateſt genzu/es 
that ever was known in dramatick poetry. He had by 
a misfortune common enough to young fellows, fallen 
into ill company; and amongſt them, ſome that made a 
frequent practice of deer-ſtealing, engaged him more 
than once in robbing a park that belonged to Sir Thomas 
Lucy, of Charlecote, near Stratford. For this he was 
proſecuted by that gentleman, as he thought, ſomewhat 
too ſeverely ; and in order to revenge that ill uſage, he 
made a ballad upon him 5. And though this, probably 
| the 
tain he did ſo; for by the monument in Stratford church erected to 
the memory of his daughter, Suſanna, the wife of John Hall, gentle- 
man, it appears, that the died on the 2d of July, 1649, aged 66: ſo 
that ſhe was born in 1583, when her father could not be full 19 years 
old. THxroBALD. 

Suſanna, who was our poet's eldeft child, was baptized, May 26, 
1583. Shakſpeare therefore, having been born in April 1564, was 
nineteen the month preceding her birth. Mr. Theobald was miſtaken 
in ſuppoſing that a monument was erected to her in the church of Strat- 
ford, There is no memorial there in honour of either our poet's wife 
or daughter, except flat tomb-ſtones, by which, however, the time of 
their reſpective deaths is aſcertained, His daughter, Suſanna, died, 
not on the ſecond, but the eleventh of Tuly, 1649. Theobald was led 
into this error by Dugdale. MALONE. 

4 His wife wvas the daughter of one Hatbarvay, ] She was eight years 
older than her huſband, and died in 1623, at the age of 67 years. 

| | | THEOBALD. 

The following is the inſcription on her tomb-ſtone in the church of 
Stratford : 8 

« Here lyeth interred the body of ANNE, wife of William Shake- 
ſpeare, who departed this life the 6th day of Auguſt, 1623, being of 
the age of 67 yeares.” : 

After this inſcription follow fix Latin verſes, not worth preſerving, 

| MALONE. 

5 — in order to revenge that ill uſage, be made a ballad upon bim. ] 
Mr. William Oldys, (Norroy King at Arms, and well known from 
the ſhare he had in compiling the Biographia Britannica) among 
the colleRions which he left for a Life of Shakſpeare, obſerves, that 

x — 1 there 


EIS 


106 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, &c. 


the firſt eſſay of his poetry, be loſt, yet it is ſaid to have 
been ſo very bitter, that it redoubled the proſecution 
| againſt 


2s there was a very aged gentleman living in the neighbourhood of 


Stratford, (where he died fifcy years ſince) who had not only heard, 
from ſeveral old people in that town, of Shakſpeare's tranſgreſſion, but 
could remember the firſt ſtanza of that bitter ballad, which, repeating 
to one of his acquaintance, he preſerved it in writing; and here it is 
neither better nor worſe, but faithfully tranſcribed from the copy 
which his relation very courteouſly communicated to me.” 


4 A parliemente member, a juſtice of peace, 
« At home a poor ſcare-crowe, at London an ale, 
« If lowſie is Lucy, as ſome volke miſcalle it, 
«6 Then Lucy is lowſie whatever befall it: 
« He thinks himſelf greate, 
« Yet an aſſe in his ſtate 
cc We allowe by his ears but with aſſes to mate. 
4 If Lucy is lowhe, as ſome volke miſcalle it, 
« Sing lowſie Lucy, whatever befall it.“ 


Contemptible as this performance muſt now appear, at the time 
when it was written it might have had ſufficient power to irritate a 
vain, weak, and vindictive magiſtrate; eſpecially as it was affixed to 
ſeveral of his park-gates, and conſequently publiſhed among his neigh- 


bours.—It may be remarked likewiſe, that the jingle on which it 
turns, occurs in the firſt ſcene of the Merry Wives of Windſor. 


I may add, that the veracity of the late Mr. Oldys has never yet 
been impeached; and it is not very probable that a ballad ſhould be 
forged, from which an undiſcovered wag could derive no triumph from 
antiquarian credulity. STEEVENS. 

According to Mr. Capell, this ballad came originally from Mr, 
Thomas Jones, who lived at Tarbick, a village in Worceſterſhire, about 
18 miles from Stratford-upon- Avon, and died in 1703, aged upwards 
of ninety, * He remembered to have heard from ſeveral old people at 
Stratford the ſtory of Shakſpeare's robbing Sir Thomas Lucy's park; 
and their acccunt of it agreed with Mr, Rowe's, with this addition, 
that the ballad written againſt Sir Thomas Lucy by Shakſpeare was 
ſtuck upon his park-gate, which exaſperated the knight to apply to a 
lawyer at Warwick to proceed againſt him, Mr, Jones (it is added) 
put down in writing the firſt ſtanza of this ballad, which was all he 


remembered of it,” In a note on the tranſcript with which Mr, 


Capell was furniſhed, it is ſaid, that “ the people of thoſe parts pro- 
nounce /oxfie like Lucy.” They do fo at this day in Scotland, Mr. 
Wilkes, grandſon of the gentleman to whom Mr. Jones repeated the 
ſtanza, appears to have been the perſon who gave a copy of it to Mr. 


Oldys, and Mr. Capell. 


In a Manuſcript Hifory of the Stage, full of forgeries and falſhoods 
of various kinds, written (I ſuſpect by William Chetwood the 12 — 
| = | ter 


OF WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE., 105 


againſt him to that degree, that he was obliged to leave 
his buſineſs and family in Warwickſhire, for ſome time, 
and ſhelter himſelf in London, 

It is at this time, and upon this accident, that he is 
ſaid to have made his firſt acquaintance in the playhouſe. 
He was received into the company then in being, at firſt 
in a very mean rank®; but his admirable wit, and the 
natural turn of it to the ſtage, ſoon diſtinguiſhed him, if 
not as an extraordinary actor, yet as an excellent writer. 
His name is printed, as the cuſtom was in thoſe times, 
amongſt thoſe of the other players, before ſome old plays, 
but without any particular account of what ſort of parts 
he uſed to play; and though I have inquired, I could 
never meet with any further account of him this way, 
than that the top of his performance was the Ghoſt in his 
own Hamlet7, I ſhould have been much more pleaſed, 


ter) ſome time between April 1727 and October 1730, is the follow. 
ing paſſage, to which the reader will give juſt as much credit as he 
thinks fit: 

« Here we ſhall obſerve, that the learned Mr. Joſhua Barnes, late 
Greek Profeſſor of the Univerfity of Cambridge, baiting about forty 
years ago at an inn in Stratford, and hearing an old woman finging 
part of the above-faid ſong, ſuch was his reſpect for Mr. Shakſpeare's 
genius, that he gave her a new gown for the two following ſtanzas in 
it; and, could ſhe have ſaid it all, he would (as he often ſaid in com- 
pany, when any diſcourſe has caſually aroſe about him) have given her 
ten guineas: 

« Sir Thomas was too covetous, 
& To covet ſo much deer, 
ct When horns enough upon his head 
„ Moſt plainly did appear. 


6 Had not his worſhip one deer left? 
«« What then? He had a wife 
&© Took pains enough to find him horns 
& Should laſt him during life.” MarLonr, 


6 He was received into the company —at firft in a very mean rank ;] 
There is a ſtage tradition, that his firſt office in the theatre was 
that of Call-hoy, or prompter's attendant ; whoſe employment it is to 
give the performers notice to be ready to enter, as often as the buſineſs 
of the play requires their appearance on the ſtage. MALONE. 

7 — than that the top of his performance was the Gboſt in bis owon 
 . Hamlet. ] See ſuch notices as I have been able to collect on this 

ſubjeR, in the Liſt of old Englith actors, poſt, MAL oN E. | 


— —— 


— 
WV. 


108 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, &c. 


to have learned from certain authority, which was the 
firſt play he wrote*; it would be without doubt a plea- 
ſure to any man, curious in things of this kind, to ſee 
and know what was the firſt eſſay of a fancy like Shak. 
ſpeare's. Perhaps we are not to look for his beginnings, 
like thoſe of other authors, among their leaſt perfect 
writings ; art had ſo little, and nature ſo large a ſhare 
in what he did, that, for aught I know, the pertormances 
of his youth, as they were the moſt vigorous, and had 
the moſt fire and ſtrength of imagination in them, wete 
the beſtꝰ. I would not be thought by this to mean, that 
his fancy was ſo looſe and extravagant, as to be inde- 
pendent on the rule and government of judgment; but 


that what he thought, was commonly ſo great, ſo juſtly 


and rightly conceived in itſelf, that it wanted little or 
no correction, and was immediately approved by an im- 
partial judgment at the firſt ſight. But though the order 
of time in which the ſeveral pieces were written be ge- 
nerally uncertain, yet there are paſſages in ſome few of 
them which ſeem to fix their dates. So the Chorus at 
the end of the fourth act of Henry the Fifth, by a com- 
pliment very handſomely turned to the earl of Eſſex, 
ſhews the play to have been written when that lord was 
general for the queen in Ireland: and his elogy upon 

ueen Elizabeth, and her ſucceſſor king James, in the 
latter end of his Henry the Eighth, is a proof of that play's 
being written after the acceſſion of the latter of thoſe two 


princes to the crown of England. Whatever the par- 


ticular times of his writing were, the people of his ages 
who began to grow wonderfully fond of diverſions of this 
kind, could not but be highly pleaſed to ſee a genius 


8 — to bave learned from certain authority, which vgs the firſt play 
be aurote.] The higheſt date of any I can yet find, is Romeo and 
liet in 1597, when the author was 33 years old; and - Richard the 
econd, and Third, in the next year, viz. the 34th of his age. Ro E. 
Richard II. and III. were both printed in x597,—On the order of 
time in which Shakſpeare's plays were written, fee the Eflay in this 
volume. MALON E. | | = 
9 = for augbt I know, the performances of bit youth were the beß.] 
See this notion controverted in An Attempt to aſcertain the order of 
Shakſpeare's plays, MALONE. | : 
_ ariſe 


— 


n 
Ve 
ad 

» 2 
I's 
= 
— 
2 


OF WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 109 


ariſe amongſt them of ſo pleaſurable, ſo rich a vein, and 
ſo plentifully capable of furniſhing their favourite enter- 
tainments. Beſides the advantages of his wit, he was 
in himſelf a good-natured man, of great ſweetneſs in his 
manners, and a moſt agreeable companion; fo that it is 
no wonder, if, with ſo many good qualities, he made 
himſelf acquainted with the beſt converſations of thoſe 
times. Queen Elizabeth had ſeveral of his plays acted 
before her, and without doubt gave him many gracious 
marks of her favour: it is that maiden princeſs plainly, 
whom he intends by 
4 fair veſtal, throned by the weft, M. N. D. 


and that whole paſſage is a compliment very properly 
brought in, and very handſomely applied to her. She 
was ſo well pleaſed with that admirable charaQer of 
Falſtaff, in The Two Paris of Henry the Fourth, that 
ſhe commanded him to continue it for one play more *, 
and to ſhew him in love. This is ſaid to be the occaſion 
of his writing The Merry Wives of Windſor. How well 
ſhe was obeyed, the play itſelf is an admirable proof. 
Upon this occaſion it may not be improper to obſerve, 
that this part of Falſtaff 1s ſaid to have been written 
originally under the name of O/7caf/z*: ſome of that 
family being then remaining, the queen was pleaſed to 
command him to alter it; upon which he made uſe of 
Falſtaff, The preſent offence was indeed avoided ; but 


I do not know whether the author may not have been 


ſomewhat to blame in his ſecond choice, fince it is cer- 
tain that Sir John Falſtaff, who was a knight of the 
garter, and a lieutenant-general, was a name of diſtin- 


* — ſhe commanded bim to continue it for one play more, | This anee- 
dote was firſt given to the publick by Dennis, in the Epiſile Dedicatory 
to his comedy entitled The Comical Gallant, 4to. 1702, altered from 
The Merry Wroes of wi fp MALoNE. | 

1 — this part of Falſtaff is ſaid to hawe been originally under the name 

of Oldcaftle ;] See the Epilogue to Henry the Fourth. Pops. 

In a note ſubjoined to that epilogue, and more fully in Vol. V. 


p- 119, n. 1. the reader will find this notion overturned, and the origin 


of this vulgar error pointed out, Mr, Rowe was evidently deceived by 
a paſſage in Fuller's 1/rtbies, miſunderſtood, Matons. 
| guiſhed 


110 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, &c. 


iſhed merit in the wars in France in Henry the Fifth's 
and Henry the Sixth's times. What grace ſoever the 
queen conferred upon him, it was not to her only he 
_ owed the fortune which the reputation of his wit made. 
He had the honour to meet with many great and un- 
common marks of favour and friendſhip from the earl of 
Southampton *, famous in the hiſtories of that time for 
his friendſhip to the unfortunate earl of Eſſex. It was 
to that noble lord that he dedicated his poem of Yenus 
and Adonis*, There is one inſtance ſo fingular in the 
magnificence of this patron of Shakſpeare's, that if I had 
not been aſſured that the ſtory was handed down by Sir 
William D'Avenant, who was probably very well ac- 
quainted with his affairs, I ſhould not have ventured to 
have inſerted; that my lord Southampton at one time 
gave him a thouſand pounds, to enable him to go through 
with a purchaſe which he heard he had a mind to. A 
bounty very great, and very rare at any time, and almoſt 
equal to that profuſe generoſity the preſent age has ſhewn 
to French dancers and Italian ſingers. 


What particular habitude or friendſhips he contracted 


with private men, I have not been able to learn, more 
tllan that every one, who had a true taſte of merit, and 
could diftingutſh men, had generally a juſt value and 
eſteem for him. His exceeding candour and good-nature 
muſt certainly have inclined all the gentler part of the 


world to love him, as the power of his wit obliged the 
men of the moſt delicate knowledge and polite learning 


to admire him. | 5 
His acquaintance with Ben Jonſon began with a re- 
markable piece of humanity and good- nature; Mr. 
onſon, who was at that time altogether unknown to the 
world, had offered one of his plays to the players, in 
order to have it acted; and the perſons into whole hands 


2 — from the earl of Southampton, ] Of this amiable nobleman ſach 
memoirs as I have been able to collet, may be found in the tenth 
volume, prefixed to the poem of Venus and Adonis, Malone. 

* — be dedicated bis poem of Venus and Adonis, ] To this nobleman 
alſo he dedicated his Rape of Lucrece, printed in quarto in 1594. 

| MaLonEs 
it 


. . 
2 "ES * . * * 
e 8 N eG ce 2 * * f N > 
7 I COR R oa RR S A 3 
I . CC ³ͤ K A A 
N W 8 * N 2 n « 5 EEE 8 wo x 
; e 7 — = Os N - 
N £a tn RIES 1 T1 . 0 * —— PS EO 8 N 


OF WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 111 


it was put, after having turned it careleſly and ſupercili- 
ouſly over, were juſt upon returning it to him with an 
F ill-natured anſwer, that it would be of no ſervice to their 
9 company; when Shakſpeare luckily caſt his eye upon it, 
and found ſomething ſo well in it, as to engage him firſt 
to read it through, and afterwards to recommend Mr. 
Jonſon and his writings to the publick 3, Jonſon was cer. 
a | tainly 


3 — to recommend Mr. Jonſon and his writings to the publick.] In 
Mr, Rowe's firſt edition, after theſe words was inſerted the follow. 
ing paſſage: | 
ce After this, they were profeſſed friends; though I do not know 
whether the other ever made him an 'equal return of gentleneſs and 
 fincerity» Ben was naturally proud and inſolent, and in the days of 
his reputation did ſo far take upon him the ſupremacy in wit, that he 
could not but look with an evil eye upon any one that ſeemed to ftand 
in competition with him. And if at times he has affected to com- 
mend him, it has always been with ſome reſerve; infinuating his un. 
correctneſs, a careleſs manner of writing, and want of judgment. The 
praiſe of ſeldom altering or blotting out what he writ, which was given 
Him by the players, who were the firſt publiſhers of his works after 
his death, was what Jonſon could not bear: he thought it impoſlible, 
perhaps, for another man to ftrike out the greateſt thoughts in the 
| fineſt expreſſion, and to reach thoſe excellencies of poetry with the eaſe 
of a firſt imagination, which himſelf with infinite labour and ſtudy 
OD could but hardly attain to,” 
1 I have preſerved this paſſage becauſe I believe it ſtrictly true, except 
4 that in the laſt line, inſtead of but hardly, I would read-—newver. * 
Dryden, we are told by Pope, concurred with Mr. Rowe in think- 
ing Jonſon's poſthumous verſes on our author ſparing and invidious. 
See alſo Mr, Steevens's note on thoſe verſes. 
Before Shakſpeare's death Ben's envious diſpoſition is mentioned by 
one of his own friends; it muſt thererefore have been even then nos 
torious, though the writer denies the truth of the charge: 
« To my well accompliſh'd friend, Mr, Ben. Jonſon, - & 
cc Thou art ſound in body; but ſome ſay, thy ſoule 
C Enyy doth ulcer; yet corrupted hearts 
« Such cenſurers muſt have,” _ | 
' Scourge of Foliy, by J. Davies, printed about 4611. 
The following lines by one of Jonſon's admirers will ſufficiently, 
ſupport Mr, Rowe in what he has ſaid relative to the ſlowneſs of that + 
writer in his compoſitions: _ | 
. 66 Scorn then their cenſures who gave out, thy wit 
« As long upon a comedy did fit 
«& As elephants bring forth, and that thy blots 
« And mendings took more time than Fox TUN E-Prors; a 
| - = Tat 


112 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, Kc. 


tainly a very good ſcholar, and in that had the advantage 


of Shakſpeare ; though at the ſame time I believe it muſt 
5 | be 
« That ſuch thy drought was, and ſo great thy thirſt, 
cc That all thy plays were drawn at the Mermaid firſt ; 
4 That the king's yearly butt wrote, and his wine 
cc Hath more right than thou to thy Cariline,” 
The writer does not deny the charge, but vindicates his friend by 
ſaying that, however ſlow, : 
« He that writes well, writes quick." 
Verſes on B. Jonſon, by Jaſper Mayne. 
So alſo another of his Panegyrifts : 5 
4 Admit his muſe was flow, *tis judgment's fate 
C To move like greateſt princes, till in tate.” 


In The Return from Parnaſſus, 1606, Jonſon is ſaid to be “ ſo ſſoæu 


an enditer, that he were better betake himſelf to his old trade of brick- 
laying.” The ſame piece furniſhes us with the earlieſt intimation of 
the quarrel between him and Shakſpeare. Why here's our fellow 
Shakſpeare put them [the univerſity poets] all down, ay, and Ben 
Jonſon too. O, that Ben Jonſon is a peſtilent fellow; he brought up 
Horace giving the poets a pill, but our fellow Shakſpeare hath given 
him a purge that made him bewray his credit,” Fuller, who was a di- 
ligent inquirer, and lived near enough the time to be well informed, 
confirms this account, aſſerting in his Wortbies, 1662, that - many 
were the wit-combats' between Jonſon and our poet. | 
It is a fingular circumſtance that old Ben ould for near two centuries 
have ſtalked on the ſtilts of an artificial reputation; and that even at 
this day, of the very few who read his works, ſcarcely one in ten yet 
ventures to confeſs how little entertainment they afford, Such was 
the impreſſion made on the publick by the extravagant praiſes of thoſe 
who knew more of books than of the drama, that Dryden in his 
Eſſay on Dramatick Poefie, written about 1667, does not venture to go 
further in his elogium on Shakſpeare, than by ſaying, „he was at 


leaſt Fonſon's equal, if not his ſuperior 3” and in the preface to his 


Mock Aſtrologer 1671, he hardly dares to aſſert, what, in my opinion, 
cannot be denied, that “ all Jonſon's pieces, except three or four, are 
but crambe bis coca; the ſame humours a little varied and written 
worſe.“ f 5 

Ben however did not truſt to the praiſes of others. One of his ad- 


mirers honeſtly confeſſes, 
46 — — he 


« Of whom I write this, has prevented me, 
« And boldly ſaid ſo much in his own praiſe, 
c No other pen need any trophy raiſe.” 

In vain, however, did he endeavour to bully the town into appro- 
bation by telling his auditors, “ By G- 'tis good, and if you like't, 
you may; and by pouring out againſt thoſe who preferred our r to 

: Im, 


8 8 _ 
n Z ] 
S EARN - 52. T LENO 
// / Io 


OF WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 113 


be allowed, that what nature gave the latter, was more 


Z than a balance for what books had given the former ; 
£ and the judgment of a great man upon this occaſion was, 
I think, very juſt and proper. In a converſation between 
8 Sir John Suckling, Sir William D' Avenant, Endymion 


porter, Mr. Hales of Eton, and Ben Jonſon, Sir John 
Suckling, who was a profeſſed admirer of Shakſpeare, 


him, a torrent of illiberal abuſe; which, as Mr. Walpole juſtly obſerves, 
ſome of his contemporaries were willing to think wit, becauſe they 
were afraid of it: for, notwithſtanding all his arrogant boaſts, notwith- 
| ſtanding all the clamour of his partizans both in his own life-time and 
for ſixty years after his death, the truth is, that his pieces, when firſt 
Y performed, were ſo far from being applauded by the people, that they 
were ſcarcely endured ; and many of them were actually damned. 
«© — the fine pluſh and velvets of the age 
Did oft for ſixpence damn thee from the ſtage, — 
ſays one of his evlogiſts in Fonſonius Virbius, 4to. 1638, Jonſon hime 
4 ſelf owns that Sejanus was damned, It is a poem,“ ſays he, in 
1 his dedication to lord Aubigny, „that, if I well remember, in your 
lordſhip's fight ſuffered no leſs violence from our people here, than the 
ſubje of it did from the rage of the people of Rome.“ His friend E. B. 
(probably Edmund Bolton,) ſpeaking of the ſame performance, ſays, 
1 « But when I view'd the people's beaſtly rage, 
1 4 Bent to confound thy grave and learned toil, 
cc That coſt thee ſo much ſweat and ſo much oil, 
& My indignation { could hardly aſſuage. | 
3 Again, in his dedication of Catiline to the earl of Pembroke, the 
F authour ſays, © Poſterity may pay your benefit the honour and thanks, 
when it ſhall know that you dare in theſe jig-given times to coun- 
tenance a legitimate poem, I muſt call it fo, againſt all noiſe of opi- 
nion, from whoſe crude and ayrie reports I appeal to that great and 
fingular facultie of judgment in your lordſhip.” 

See alſo the Epilogue to Every man in his humour, by lord Buckhurſt, 
quoted below in the Account of our old Engliſh Theatres, ad finem. To 
his teſtimony and that of Mr, Drummond of Hawthornden, (there 
alſo mentioned,) may be added that of Leonard Digges in hisVerſes on 
Shakſpeare, and of Sir Robert Howard, who ſays in the preface to 
his Plays, folio, 1665, (not thirty years after Ben's death,)“ When 
I confider how ſevere the former age has been to ſome of the bef? of 
Mr. Jonſon's never-to-be-equall'd comedies, I cannot but wonder, 

why any poet ſhould ſpeak of former tim es. The truth is, that how- 

ever extravagant the elogiums were that a few ſcholars gave him in their 
cloſets, he was not only not admired in his own time by the generality, 
but not even underſtood, His friend Beaumont aſſures him in a copy 
of verſes, that e his ſenſe is ſo deep that he will not be underſtood for 
three ages to come.” MALONE. 


Vor. I. Hl — 


114 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, xc. 


had undertaken his defence againſt Ben Jonſon with ſome 
warmth ; Mr. Hales, who had fat ſtill for ſome time, 
told them *, That if Mr. Shakſpeare had not read the an- 
cients, he had likewiſe not ſtolen any thing from them ; and 
that if he would produce any one topick finely treated by 
any one of them, he would undertake to ſhew ſomething upon 
the ſame ſubj ect at leaſt as well written by Shakſpeare 5. 
| > THE 

4 Mr. Hales, who had fat ill for ſome time, told them, ] In Mr. 
Rowe's firſt edition this paſſage runs thus: | 

« Mr. Hales, who had ſat ſtill for ſome time, hearing Ben frequently 
reproach him with the ⁊uant of learning and ignorance of the antients, 
told him at laß, That if Mr. Shakſpeare, &c. By the alteration, the 
fubſequent part of the ſentence— . if he would produce, &. is ren- 
dered ungrammatical. MALOxNE. 5 | | 
be would undertake to ſhew ſometbirg upon the ſame ſubjef at 
leaſt as well written by Shakſfeare.] I had long endeavoured in vain to 
find out on what authority this relation was founded; and have very 
lately diſcovered that Mr. Rowe probably derived. his information from 
Dryden; for in Gildon's Letters and Eſjays, publiſhed in 1594, fifteen. 
years before this Life appeared, the fame ſtory is told; and Dryden, to 
whom an Eflay in vindication of Shakſpeare is addreſſed, is appealed. 
to by the writer as his authority, As Gildon tells the ſtory with 
| ſome ſlight variations from the account given by Mr. Rowe, and the 
book in which it is found is now extremely ſcarce, I ſhall ſubjoin the 
paſſage in his own words: 

4 But to give the world ſome ſatisfaction that Shakſpeare has had 
as great veneration paid his excellence by men of unqueſtioned parts, 


as this I now expreſs for him, I ſhall give ſome account of what I 


have heard from your mouth, fir, aboat the noble triumph he gained 


over all the ancients, by the judgment of the ableſt criticks of that time. 


| © The matter of fact, if my memory fail me not, was this, Mr, 
Hales of Eton affirmed, that he would ſhew all the poets of anti- 
quity out-done by Shakſpeare, in all the topicks and. common-places 
made uſe of in poetry. The enemies of Shakſpeare would by no 
means yield him ſo much excellence; ſo that it came to a reſolution 
of a trial of ſkill upon that ſubject. The place agreed on for the diſ- 
pute was Mr. Hales's chamber at Eton. A great many books were 
fent down by the enemies of this poet; and on the appointed day my 


lord Falkland, Sir John Suckling, and all the perſons of quality that 


had wit and learning, and intereſted themſelves in the quarrel, met 
there; and upon a thorough diſquiſitionof the point, the judges choſen 


by agreement out of this learned and ingenious aſſembly, unanimouſly | 


gave the preference to Shakſpeare, and the Greek and Roman poets were 
adjudged to vail at leaſt their glory in that, to the Engliſh Hero.“ 

This elogium on our authour is likewiſe recorded at: an earlier pe- 
tiod by Tate, probably from the ſame authority, in the preface * r 


* 


OF WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 115 


The latter part of his life was ſpent, as all men of 
good ſenſe will wiſh theirs may be, in eaſe, retirement, 
and the converſation of his friends. He had the good 
fortune to gather an eſtate equal to his occaſion 3, and, 
Loyal General, quarto, 1680: „ Our learned Hales was wont to aſſert, 
that, ſince the time of Orpheus, and the oldeſt yoets, no common-place 
has been touched upon, where our author has not performed as well.“ 

Dryden himſelf alſo certainly alludes to this ſtory, which he appears 
to have related both to Gildon and Rowe, in the following paſſage of 
his Eſſay of Dramatick Pueſy, 1667; and he as well as Gildon goes 
ſomewhat further than Rowe in his panegyrick. After giving that 
fine character of our poet which Dr. Johnſon has quoted in his preface, 
he adds, „The confideration of this made Mr, Hales of Eton ſay, that 
there was no ſubject of which any poet ever writ, but be would produce. 
it MUCH BETTER done by Shakſpeare; and however others are now 
generally preferred before him, yet the age wherein he lived, which 
had contemporaries with him, Fletcher and Jonſon, never equalled 
them to him in their eſteem: And in the laſt king's court [that of 
Charles we Ps Ben's reputation was at higheſt, Sir John Suckling, 
and with him the greater part of the courtiers ſet our Shakſpeare far 
above him.“ 

Let ever-memorable Hales, if all his other merits be forgotten, be 
ever mentioned with honour, for his good taſte and admiration of our 
poet; © He was,” ſays Lord Clarendon, „ one of the leaſt men in 
the kingdom; and one of the g:eateſt ſcholars in Europe. See a long 
character of him in Clarendon's Life, Vol. I. p. 52. Maroxne. 

5 He had the good fortune to gather an eſfate equal to bis —— 
 Gildon, without authority, I believe, fays, that our authour le 
behind him an eftate of gool. per ann. This was equal to at leaſt 
110001, per ann. at this day; the relative value of money, the mode 
of living in that age, the luxury and taxes of the preſent time, 
and various other circumſtances, being confidered. But I doubt 
whether all his property amounted to much more than 20ol. per ann. 
which yet was a conſiderable fortune in thoſe times. He appears from 
his grand-daughter's will to have poſſeſſed in Biſhopton, and Stratford 
Welcombe, four yard land and a half. A yard land is a denomina- 
tion well known in Warwickſhire, and contains from 30 to 60 acres. 
The average therefore being 45, four yard land and a half may be eſti- 
mated at about two hundred acres. As fixteen years purchaſe was the 
common rate at which land was ſold at that time, that is, dne half 
leſs than at this day, we may ſuppoſe that theſe lands were let at ſeven 
ſhillings per acre, and produced Jol, per annum. If we rate the New 
Place with the appurtenances, and our poet's other houſes in Stratford, 
at 60l. a year, and his houſe &c. in the Blackfriars, (for which he pay'd 
140l.) at 20l. a year, we have a rent-roll of 15o0l. per annum. Of 
'his perſonal property it is not now * to form any accurate eſti- 


2 J mate: 


—— 


—— —— ꝛTU—— ſw— 


— — : — 


* — 1 . 
. ³ ü ]¶ » ‚— gre 
** . A IL 1% Ghent Wes 
—ů —-— A — 
— es 


116 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, xc. 


in that, to his wiſh ; and is ſaid to have ſpent ſome years 


before his death at his native Stratford . His pleaſure- 
TOP able 


mate: but if we rate it at five hundred pounds, money then bear- 
ing an intereſt of ten per cent, Shakſpeare's total income was 200l, 
per ann. In the Merry Wives of Windſor, which was written ſoon 
after the year 1600, Three hundred pounds a year is deſcribed as an 
eſtate of ſuch magnitude as to cover all the defects of its poſſeſſor: 
6% O, what a world of vile ill-favour'd faults 
| «© Look handſome in three hundred pounds a year!” Maron. 
6 — to bave ſpent ſome years before his death at bis native Stratford.] 
In 1614 the greater-part of the town of Stratford was conſumed 
by fire; but our Shakſpeare's houſe, among ſome others, eſcaped the 
flames. This houſe was firſt built by Sir Hugh Clopton, a younger 
brother of an antient family in that neighbourhood. Sir Hugh was 
Sheriff of London in the reign of Richard III. and Lord- Mayor in the 
reign of King Henry VII. By his will he bequeathed to his elder 


brother's ſon his manor of Clopton, &c. and his houſe, by the name 


of the Great Houſe in Stratford. Good part of the eſtate is yet [in 


1733] in the poſſeſſion of Edward Clopton, eſq. and Sir Hugh Clopton, 


EK nt. lineally deſcended from the elder brother of the firſt Sir Hugh. 
The eſtate had now been ſold out of the Clopton family for above a 
century, at the time when Shakſpeare became the purchaſer ; who 
having repaired and modelled it to his own mind, changed the name 
to New-Place, which the manſfion-houſe fince erected upon the ſame 
ſpot, at this day retains. The houſe, and lands which attended it, 
continued in Shakſpeare's deſcendants to the time of the Reſtoration z 
when they were re-purchaſed by the Clopton family, and the manſion 
now belongs to Sir Hugh Clopton, Knt. To the favour of this wor- 
thy gentleman I owe the knowledge of one particular in honour of our 
poet's once dwelling. houſe, .of which I preſume Mr, Rowe never was 


apprized. When the Civil War raged in England, and King Charles 


the Firſt's Queen was driven by the neceſſity of her affairs to make a 
receſs in Warwickſhire, the kept her court for three weeks in New- 
Place. We may reaſonably ſuppoſe it then the belt private. houſe in 
the town ; and her Majeſty preferred it to the College, which was in 
the poſſeſſion of the Combe family, who did not ſo ſtrongly favour the 
king's party. Txt0BALD. Os 

From Mr. Theobald's words the reader may be led to ſuppoſe that 
Henrietta Maria was obliged to take refuge from the rebels in Strat- 
ford-upon-Avon: but that was not the caſe. She marched from 
Newark, June 16, 1643, and entered Stratford-upon-Avon triumph- 
antly, about the 22d of the ſame month, at the head of three thou- 
ſand foot and fifteen hundred horſe, with 15a waggons and a train of 
artiliery, Here the was met by Prince Rupert, accompanied by a large 


body of troops. After ſojourning about three weeks at our poet's 


houſe, which was then poſſeſſed by his grand-daughter Mrs. Naſh, 


and her huſband, the Queen went (July 23) to the plain of Keinton 
: under 


MHA 


NA! ll With 


1 * 
Aa 


"i 125 111 
L of: 2 FA 
ie Al 11 
Minn 


e IN 100 0 | a 
Tü 1 mg 


e 


2 
7 


< ſhe 
22 in Wii 
2 i My ee 
NU — 
+0; ; . — EE + — —„—' 
An e eee, 
1 Mo . xj = - 22 bo Xt 2 5 S = 
RH 
— ů il F 
MTN it +l 3 Fl 


Isi 


Py &- e Toke 
FFF 


NT 
| 5 


1 


1. : 
i my jt INN 7 Fe 227 | 2 L 17770 2 FTE 
7 10 14 1 na 10 LIE 


"itt k lis 
1 1 1 


Cl 


ordan ded. 


A Borell ſe 


NEW PLACE, 


8 


Heron 4 


STR CEORGCE CAREW, 
7 2 eon. (Avon, n1786. 


2 


e e 
4 7,6 


Clopiron near 


gton & Partners Octv. 1, 1790. 


. * 
1 


JR 


an e eee, S URVEY, ade 
ofTornuss) and ound at 


EARL 


7 


Heng, 
{lopton,and 
12 


on” 


P 


- 


- 


/afietwards Baron Carew of | 


- 


0 
0 


—— * 


Fr ˙ A RE hr 


, EIS F, op 5 * T Ms FLY W e e e be 1 e 5 
9 9 Ras ˙——— ar ei a hae 


* * * a 8 


; £ 
” 
* 
c 
* 
© 
a 
- 
* ' | 
* ; 
— \ | 
1 
* 
z % | 
- 
. 
4 * 
ON 
? A : 
» 
of o 
* 
* 
- 
. 
7s — 
3 
. 
2 * 
o 
* 
5 : » 0 
"il 
*% 
. — 
. 
* 
. 
* 
; , 
„ 
5 
. 
* 
% 
” 
. 
. 3 — * 
+. n * . Rr 9 —— oh — — 
— 
—— ò—I—U —  —————C CC mw” RD... PACO Nw oe c er VT —-— ——ð t «4 oy. wa > > ry er - _ A 


OF WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 117 


able wit and good-nature engaged him in the acquaint- 
ance, and entitled him to the friendſhip, of the gentlemen 
> of 


under Edge-hill, to meet the king, and proceeded from thence with 
him to Oxford, where ſays a contemporary biſtorian, “ her coming 
(July 15) was rather to a triumph than a war.““ 7 

Of the college above- mentioned the following was the origin. John 
de Stratford, Biſhop of Wincheſter, in the fifth year of King Edward 
III. founded a Chantry conſiſting of five prieſts, one of whom was 
Warden, in a certain chapel adjoining to the church of Stratford on 
the ſouth ſide; and afterwards (in the ſeventh year of Henry VIII.) 
Ralph Collingwode inſtituted four choriſters, to be daily aſſiſtant in the 
celebration of divine ſervice there, This chantry, ſays Dugdale, ſoon 
after its foundation, was known by the name of The College of Strat- 
ford-upon-Avon. | | | | 

In the 26th year of Edward III. © a houſe of ſquare ſtone” was 
built by Ralph de Stratford, biſhop of London, for the habitation of 
the five prieſts. This houſe, or another on the ſame ſpot, is the houſe: 
of which Mr, Theobald ſpeaks. It ſtill bears the name of“ The Col- 
lege,” and at preſent belongs to the Rev. Mr. Fullerton. 2 

After the ſuppreſſion of religious houſes, the ſite of the college was 
granted by Edward VI. to John earl of Warwick and his heirs ; who be- 
ing attainted in the iſt year of Queen Mary, it reverted to the crown. 

Sir John Clopton, knight, (the father of Edward Clopton, eſq.' 

and Sir Hugh Clopton,) who died at Stratford-updh- Avon in April 
1719, purchaſed the eſtate of New-Place, &c, ſome time after the 
year 1685, from Sir Reginald Forſter, Baronet, who married Mary, 
the daughter of Edward Nath, eſq. couſin- german to Thomas Nath, eſq. 
who married our poet's grand-daughter, Elizabeth Hall. Edward Naſh 
bought it, after the death of her ſecond huſband, Sir John Barnard, 
knight. By her will, which will be found in a ſubſequent page, ſhe 
directed her truſtee, Henry Smith, to ſell the New-Place, &c. (after 
the death of her huſband,) and to make the firſt offer of it to her 
coufin Edward Nath, who purchaſed it accordingly, His ſon Thomas 
Naſh, whom for the ſake of diſtinction I ſhall call the younger, having 
died without iſſue, in Auguſt 1652, Edward Naſh by his will, made on 
the 16th of March, 1678-9, deviſed the principal part of his property 


to his daughter Mary, and her huſband Reginald Forſter, eſq. after- 


wares Sir Reginald Forſter ; but in conſequence of the teſtator's only 


referring to a deed of ſettlement executed three days before, without 


reciting the ſubſtance of it, no particular mention of New-Place is made 
in his will. After Sir John Clopton had bought it from Sir Reginald 
Forſter, he gave it by deed to his younger ſon, Sir Hugh, who pulled 
down our poet's houſe, and built one more elegant on the ſame ſpot, 
In May 1742, when Mr, Garrick, Mr. Macklin, and Mr. Delane, 
viſited Stratford, they were hofpitably entertained under Shakſpeare's 
mulberry-tree, by Sir Hugh Clopton. He was a barriſter at law, was 
| [7] knighted 


118 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, &c. 


of the neighbourhood. Amongſt them, it is a ſtory al- 


moſt ſtill remembered in that country that he had a par- 
| ticular 


knighted by George the Firſt, and died in the Both year of his age, in 
Dec, 1751. His nephew Edward Clopton, the ſon of his elder brother 
Edward, lived till June 1753. | 

The only remaining perſon of the Clopton family now living (1788), 
as I am informed by the Rev. Mr. Davenport, is Mrs. Partheriche, 
daughter and heireſs of the ſecond Edward Clopton above-mentioned, 
« She reſides,” he adds, 44 at the family manſion at Clopton near 
Stratford, is now a widow, and never had any iſſue.“ | 


The New-Place was fold by Henry Talbot, efq. ſon-in-law and | 


executor of Sir Hugh Clopton, in or foon after the year 1752, to the 
Rev, Mr. Gaſtrell, a man of large fortune, who reſided in it but a 
few years; in conſequence of a diſagreement with the inhabitants of 
Stratford. Every houſe in that town that is let or valued at more 
than 40s. a year, is aſſeſſed by the Overfeers, according to its worth 
and the ability of the occupier, to pay a monthly rate toward the 
maintenance of the poor. As Mr, Gaftrell reſided part of the year 
at Lichfield, he thought he was aſſeſſed too highly; but being very 
properly compelled by the magiſtrates of Stratford to pay the whole of 
what was levied on him,. on the principle that his houſe was occupied 
by his ſervants in his abſence, h 
| ſhould never be aſſeſſed again; and foon afrerwards pulled it down, 
ſold the materials, and left the town. Wiſhing, as it ſhould ſeem, to 
be «© damn'd to everlaſting fame, he had fome time before cut down 
Shakſneare's celebrated mulberry-tree, to ſave himſelf the trouble of 
ſhewing it to. thoſe whoſe admiration of our great poet led them to viſit 
the poetick ground on which it ſtood. | . 
That Shakſpeare planted this tree, is as well authenticated as any 
thing of that nature can be. The Rev. Mr, Davenport informs me, 
that Mr. Hugh Taylor, (the father of his clerk,) who is now eighty- 
five years old, and an alderman of Warwick, where he at preſent 
reſides, ſays, he lived when a boy at the next houſe to New-Place ; 
that his family had inhabited the houſe for almoſt three hundred years; 
that it was tranſmitted from father to fon during the laſt and the pre- 
ſent century, that this tree (of the fruit of which he had often eaten 
in his younger days, ſome of its branches hanging over his father's 
garden,) was planted by Shakſpeare; and that till this was planted, 
there was no mulberry-tree in that neighbourhood. Mr. Taylor adds, 
that he was frequently, when a boy, at New-Place, and that this 
tradition was preſerved in the Clopton family, as well as in his own. 
There were ſcarce any trees of this ſpecies in England till the year 
1609, when by order of King James many hundred thouſand young 
mulberry- trees were imported from France, and ſent into the diftzrent 
counties, with a view to the feeding of ſilkworms, and the encou- 
ragement of the ſilk manufacture. See Camceni Annales ab anno 160 3 
4 


e peeviſhly declared, that that houſe 


N * 


NY 


. = < 2 ES 1 K 44 % 4 
75 * 2 Aer Nr N S At We 15, hos r 5 r rr "a 33 £4 
3 — 88 r TY, eas 8 3 Pe A SEES dp Cen ar 2 Rr HL 
3.4 => AY Wa Sf IWF 45) 2 r * Fe. Pt 2 W . va 0% 
US On e oa wb e bent ß Su hk : 8 8 
5 2 8 a 3 r DNS FN 8 — n — n N 8 5 
* * . * a, w ah — der neg WY * AZ 3 


0 = Sa eee 


T 
Re og of Itoh — ge 


1 3 4 + 1 P — Fi " 2 "7 8 > . 
TS 45 9 88 FA De * 2 8 Ry 83 N Ko 8 8 . a - SY 1 
r 2 2» E c . 2 5 
ESL COLES E | 2 0 — Oe; I} NE REO RT 0 * : "7 
= KS. 8 2 FF r A 5 vb * an gy oO 
c - 8 2 


d 


. OF WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 119 


ticular intimacy with Mr. Combe?, an old gentleman 
noted thereabouts for his wealth and uſury: it happened, 
that in a pleaſant converſation amongſt their common 
friends, Mr. Combe told Shakſpeare in a laughing man- 


ad annum 1623, publiſhed by Smith, quarto, 1691, p. 7; and Howes's 
Abridgment of Stowe's Chronicle, edit. 1618, p. 503, where we have 
a more particular account of this tranſaction than in the larger work. 
A very few mulberry-trees had been planted before; for we are told, 
that in the preceeding year a gentleman of Picardy, Monſieur Foreſt, 
ce kept greate ſtore of Engliſh filkworms at Greenwich, the which 
the king with great pleaſure came often to ſee them worke; and of 
their ſilke he cauſed a piece of taffata to be made,” 
Shakſpeare was perhaps the only inhabitant of Stratford, whoſe 
buſineſs called him annually to London; and probably on his return 


from thence in the ſpring of the year 1609, he planted this tree. 


As a ſimilar enthuſiaſm to that which with ſuch diligence has ſought 
after Virgil's tomb, may lead my countrymen to viſit the ſpot where 
our great bard ſpent ſeveral years of his life, and died; it may gratify 
them to be told that the ground on which The New-Place once ſtood, 
is now a Garden belonging to Mr. Charles Hunt, an eminent attor- 
ney, and town-clerk of Stratford. Every Engliſhman will, I am ſure, 
concur with me in wiſhing that it may enjoy perpetual verdure and 


fertility. 


: In this retreat our SHAKsPEARE's godlike mind 
With matchleſs {kill furvey'd all human kind. 
Here may each ſweet that bleſt Arabia knows, 
Flowers of all bue, and without thorn the roſe, 
To lateſt time, their balmy odours fling, 
And Nature here diſplay eternal ſpring! MALOoNE. 


7 — that be bad à particular intimacy with Mr. Combe,] This 
Mr, John Combe I take to be the ſame, Who by Dugdale, in his 
Antiquities of Warwickſhire, is ſaid to have died in the year 1614 
and tor whom at the upper end of the quire of the guild of the holy 


croſs at Stratford, a fair monument is erected, having a ſtatue thereon 


cut in alabafter, and in a gown, with this epgitaph. Here lyeth in- 
terred the body of John Combe, Eſq. who departing this life the roth 
day of July, 1614, bequeathed by his laſt will and teſtament theſe 
ſums enſuing, annually to be paid for ever; viz. xx. s. for two fer- 
mons to be preach'd in this church, and vi. I. iii.s. ivd. to buy ten 
gownes for ten poore people within the borough of Stratford ; and 
1o0l. to be lent to fifteen poore tradeſmen of the ſame borough, from 
three years to three years, changing the parties every third year, at 


the rate of fifty ſhillings per annum, the which increaſe he appointed 


to be diftributed towards the relief of the almes-poor there,” The 
donation has all the air of a rich and ſagacious uſurer, Ti$0BALDs 


[H4] ner 


, 
. 
: 
| 


. ——— Greener oor ls "mn eos Op A ee 


— E 
” — —— EE EE CS en ⅛ ö—Ä— — H— 
hes = — — 


uae — — — 
— — — — 


pa as 


— — 


120 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, &e. 


ner, that he fancied he intended to write his epitaph, if = 
he happened to out-live him; and fince he could not * 
know what might be ſaid cf him when he was dead, he 
deſired it might be done immediately; upon which Shak» 1 
ſpeare gave him theſe four verſes: | 1 


Ten in the hundred lies here ingrav' ds; . 1 
Jig a hundred to ten his foul is not ſam d. A 
If any man aſe, Who lies in this tomb? 

Oh! bo! 'quoth the devil, tis my Fohn-a-Combe®, 


8 Ten in the hundred lies bere ingrav'd;] In The more the merrier, 
rontaining three-ſcore and odd heedleſs epigrams, ſhot, (like the fooles 
bolts) among you, light where they will: By H. P. Gent, &c. 1608, 
J find the following couplet, which is almoſt the ſame as the two 
beginning lines of this Epitaph en Fobn a Combe: 
FEzNERATORIS EPITAPHIUM, 
ce Ten in the hundred lies under this ſtone, 
c And a hundred to ten to the devil he's gone.“ 
| | STEEVENS, 
So, in Camden's Remains, 1614: 
& Here lyes ten in the hundred, 
In the ground faſt ramm'd ; 
& ?Tis an hundred to ten 
& But his ſoule is damn'd.” MALONE. 


9 Oh! ho! quoth the devil, tis my John-a-Combe.] The Rev, 
Francis Peck, in his Memoirs of the Life and Poetica! Works of Mr. 

obn Milton, 4to. 1740, p. 223, has introduced another epitaph 
imputed (on what authority is unknown) to Shakſpeare, It is on Tom- 2 
a-Combe, alias Thin- beard, brother to this Jobn, who is mentioned ; 
by Mr, Rowe, | . | 


66 Thin in beard, and thick in purſe ; 

«& Never man beloved worſe | 

«© He went to the grave with many a curſe: . 

ct The devil and he had both one nurſe.” STEEVENS. 


I ſuſpect that theſe lines were ſent to Mr, Peck by ſome perſon that 
meant to impoſe upon him. It appears from Mr, John Combe's will, 
that his brother Thomas was dead in 1614. John deviſed the greater 
part of his real and perſonal eſtate to his xephezv Thomas Combe, with 
whom Shakſpeare was certainly on good terms, having bequeathed 
him his ſword, | | Ig 

Since I wrote the above, I find from the Regiſter of Stratford, that 
Mr. Thomas Combe (the brother of John) was buried there, Jan. 22, 

Put 


ihpg-10, Marlon, .. 


N = 
* * — * a. 2 4 Pre 2 * 3 r * 8 
PWW SA TT oe 8 . 2 Br, 
RE ave ea gt er SENT EE oil root To IP oa ee Ed Hoe 2 
1 N ones de 1 . e 1 : . 2 
23 i. « F N ce : N : | . 3 
+ 5 2 4 


eget r 
* 2 W 
W 
2 * 


= 
oy 


3 
7 
&TY 
© 5 EZ - 
3 
"mp 
2 f 
2 
3K 4 

To 

* 


: 
1 


Xe 
* 
„ 
28 
RS 
2 


—— — 


OF WILLIAM SHAKSPEAKE, wt 


But the ſharpneſs of the ſatire is ſaid to have ſtung the 
man ſo ſeverely, that he never forgave it“. * 
f | 6 


T — the ſharpneſs of the ſatire is ſaid to have flung the man ſo ſeverely, 
that he never forgave it.] I take this opportunity to avow my diſbelief 
that Shakipeare was the author of Mr. Combe's Epitaph, or that it 
was written by any other perſon at the requeſt of that gentleman, If 
Betterton the player did really viſit Warwickſhire for the ſake of col- 
lecting anecdotes relative to our author, perhaps he was too eaſily ſatis. 
fied with ſuch as fell in his way, without making any rigid ſearch into 
their authenticity. It appears alſo from a following copy of this in. 


ſcription, that it was not aſcribed to Shakſpeare ſo early as two years 


after his death. Mr. Reed of Staple-Inn obligingly pointed it out to 
me in the Remains, &c. of Richard Brathwaite, 1618; and as his 
edition of our epitaph varies in ſome meaſure from the latter one pub- 


liſhed by Mr. Rowe, I ſhall not heſitate to tranſcribe it : 


% Upon one Fobn Combe of Stratford upon Avon, a notable Uſurer, 
faſtened upon a Tombe that he had cauſed to be built in his Life- 
Time. 

« Ten in the hundred muſt lie in his grave, 

C But a hundred to ten whether God will him have: 

«© Who then mult be interr'd in this tombe ? 

C Oh (quoth the divill) my John a Combe.” | 
Here it may be obſerved that, ſtrictly ſpeaking, this is nojocular 

Epitaph, but a malevolent prediction; and Brathwaite's copy is ſurely 

more to be depended on (being procured in or before the year 1618) 

than that delivered to Betterton or Rowe, almoſt a century after- 

wards, It has been already remarked, that two of the lines ſaid to 
have been produced on this occaſion, were printed as an epigram in 

1608, by H. P. Gent. and are likewiſe found in Camden's Remains, 

1614. I may add, that a uſurer's ſolicitude to know what would be 

reported of him when he was dead, is nat a very probable circum- 

ſtance z neither was Shakſpeare of a diſpoſition to compoſe an invec- 
tive, at once ſo bitter and uncharitable, during a pleaſant conver ſation 


among tbe common friends of himſelf and a gentleman, with whoſe 


family he lived in ſuch friendſhip, thar at his death he bequeathed his 
ſword to Mr. Thomas Combe as a legacy. A miſer's monument in- 
deed, conſtructed during his life-time, might be regarded as a challenge 
to ſatire; and} we cannot wonder that anonymous lampoons ſhould 
have been affixed to the marble deſigned to convey the character of 
ſuch a being to poſterity.— l hope I may be excuſed for this attempt to 
vindicate Shakſpeare from the imputation of having poiſoned the hour 
of confidence and feſtivity, by producing the ſevereſt of all cenſures on 
one of his company. I am unwilling, in ſhort, to think he could ſo 
wantonly and ſo publickly have expreſſed his doubts concerning the ſal- 
vation of one of his fellow-creatures. STEEVENS. _ 

Since the above obſervations firſt appeared, (in a note to the edition 
of our authour's Poems which I publiſhed in 1780,) I have obtained 

Vor. 1 [ H 5 ] an 


122 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, &c. 


an additional proof of what has been advanced, in vindication of 
Shakſpeare on this ſubject. It occurred to me that the will of 
John Combe might poſſibly throw ſome light on this matter, and an 
examination of it ſome years ago furniſhed me with ſuch evidence as 
renders the ſtory recorded in Brathwaite's Remains very doubtful ; and 
ſtill more ſtrongly proves that, whoever was the authour of this epitaph, 
it is highly improbable that it ſhould have been written by Shakſpeares 
The very firſt direction given by Mr, Combe in his Will is, concern- 
ing a tomb to be erected to him after his death. My will is, that a 
convenient tomb of the value of threeſcore pounds ſhall by my exe- 
cutors hereafter named, out of my goods and chattels firſt rayſed, 
within one year after my deceaſe, be ſet over nie.“ So much for 
Brathwaite's account of his having erected his own tomb in his life 
time. That he had any quarrel with our authour, or that Shakſpeare 
had by any act fung him ſo ſeverely that Mr. Combe never forgave him, 
appears equally void of foundation; for by his will he bequeaths . to 
Mr. William Shaktpere Five Pounds.” It is probable that they lived 
in intimacy, and that Mr. Combe had made ſome purchaſe from our 
poet; for he deviſes to his brother George, „* the cloſe or grounds 
| known by the name of Parſon's Cloſe, alias, Shakſpere's Cloſe. It 
muſt be owned that Mr, Combe's will is dated Jan. 28, 1612-13, about 
eighteen months before his death; and therefore the evidence now pro- 
duced is not abſolutely deciſive, as he might have erected a tomb, and 
a rupture might have happened between him and Shakſpeare, after 
the making of this will: but it is very improbable that any ſuch rup- 
ture ſhould have taken place; for if the fuppoſed cauſe of offence had 
happened ſubſequently to the execution of the inſtrument, it is to be pre- 
ſumed that he would have revoked the legacy to Shakſpeare: and the 
oo argument may be urged with reſpect to the direction concerning 
His tomb. | h 
Mr. Combe by his will bequeaths to Mr. Francis Collins the elder, 
of the borough of Warwick, (who appears as a legatee and ſubſcribing 
witneſs to Shakſpeare's will, and therefore may be preſumed a common 
friend,) ten pounds; to his godſon John Collins, (the fon of Francis,) 
ten pounds; to Mrs. Suſanna Collins (probably godmother to our poet's 
 eldett daughter) fix pounds, thirteen ſhillings, and four-pence; to 
Mr. Henry Walker, (father to Shakſpeare's godfon,) twenty ſhillings ;. 
to the poor of Stratford twenty pounds; and to his ſervants, in various 
legacies, one hundred and ten pounds. He was buried at Stratford, 
July 12, 1614, and his will was proved, Nov. 10, 1615. 
Our author, at the time of making bis will, had it not in his power 
to ſhew any teſtimony of his regard for Mr. Combe, that gentleman 
being then dead; but that he continued a friendly correſpondence with 
his family to the laſt, appears evidently (as Mr, Steevens has obſerved} 
from his leaving his ſword to Mr. Thomas Combe, the nephew, 
reſiduary legatee, and one of the executors of ſohn. . 
On the whole we may conclude, that the lines preſerved by Rowe, 
and inſerted with ſome variation in Brathwaite's Remains, which the 
latter has mentioned to have been affixed to Mr, Combe's tomb in his 
life-time, were not written till after Shakſpeare's death; for the exe- 
a 8 cCutors, 


; 
fy 
W 
2 
. 
1 f 

! 


1 

* 

EY 

15 : 

5 
* 


OF WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 123 


He died in the 53d year of his age“, and was buried 
on the north ſide of the chancel, in the great church at 
. Stratford, 


cutors, who did not prove the will till Nov. 1615, could not well have 
erected a fair monument” of conſiderable exoence for thoſe times, 
till the middle or perhaps the end of the year 1616, in the April of 
which year our poet died. Between that time and the year 1618, 
when Braithwaite's book appeared, ſome one of thoſe perſons (we may 


| preſume) who had ſuffered by Mr. Combe's ſeverity, gave vent to his 


feelings in the ſatirical compoſition preſerved by Rove ; part of which, 
we have ſeen, was borrowed from epitaphs that had already been 
printed. That Mr. Combe was a money-lerder, may be inferred from 
a clauſe in his will, in which he mentions his good and juſt debtors;“ 
to every one of whom he remits © twenty ſhillings for every twenty 
pounds, and ſo after this rate for a greater or leſſer debt, on their 
paying in to his executors what they owe. 8 

Mr. Combe married Mrs. Roſe Clopton, Auguſt 27, 1560; and 
therefore was probably, when he died, eighty years old. His property, 
from the deſcription of it, appears to have been conſiderable, 

In juſtice to this gentleman it ſhould be remembered, that in the 
language of Shakſpeare's age an uſurer did not mean one who took ex- 
orbitant, but any, intereſt or uſance for money; which many then 
conſidered as criminal. The opprobrious term by which ſuch a perſon 
was diſtinguiſhed, Ten in the hundred, proves this; for ten per cent. 
was the ordinary intereſt of money. See Shakſpeare's will.—Sir 
Philip Sidney directs by his will, made in 1586, that Sir Francis Wal- 
fingham ſhall put four thouſand pounds which the teſtator bequeathed to 
his daughter, ** to the beſt behoofe either by purchaſe of land or leaſe, 
or ſome other good and godly uſe, but in no caſe to let it out for any 
1 ſury at all.” MALON E. 

2 He died in the 53d year of bis age,] He died on his birth-day, 
April 23, 1616, and had exactly completed his fifty-ſecond year. 
From Du Cange's Perpetual Almanack, Gloſs. in v. Annas, (making 
allowance for the different ſtyle which then prevailed in England 
from that on which Du Cange's calculation was formed,) it appears, 
that the 23d of April in that year was a Tueſday, | 

No account has been tranſmitted to us of the malady which at fo 
early a period of life deprived England of its brighteſt ornament, The 
private note-book of his ſon-in-law Dr. Hall, containing a ſhort 
ſtate of the caſes of his patients, was a few years ago put into my 
hands by my friend, the late Dr. Wright; and as Dr. Hall married 
our poet's daughter in the year 1607, and undoubtedly attended Shak- 
ſpeare in his laſt illneſs, being then forty years old, I had hopes this 
book might have enabled me to gratify the publick curioſity on this 


ſubject. But unluckily the earlieſt caſe recorded by Hall, is dated in 


1617. He had probably filled ſome other book with memorandums 
of his practice in preceeding years; which by ſome contingency may 
hercafter be found, and inform poſterity of the particular circum- 

ſtances 


| 


S. — 5 


Pape ww; nor 


— — — _ 
I * > * 
0 —— 3 2 421 


— — — 


6— * 


124 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, &c. 


Stratford, where a monument, is placed in the wall, 
On his grave-ſtone underneath is“, 


Go friend, for Feſus' ſake forbear 
To dig the duſt incloſed here. 
Bleft be the an that ſpares theſe flones, 
And curſt be he that moves my bones 5. 

| He 


ſtances that attended the death of our great poet. From the 34th page 
of this book, which contains an account of a diſorder under which his 
daughter Elizabeth laboured, (about the year 1624,) and of the me- 
thod of cure, it appears, that ſhe was his only daughter; [ Elizabeth 
Hall, filia mea unica, tortura oris defædata.] In the beginning of 
April in that year ſhe viſited London, and returned to Stratford on the 


22d; an enterpriſe at that time * of great pith and moment.” 


While we lament that our incomparable poet was ſnatched from 
the world at a time when his faculties were in their full vigour, and 
before he was “ declined into the vale of years,” let us be thankful 
that « this ſweeteſt child of Fancy“ did not periſh while he yet lay in 
the cradle. He was born at Straiford-upon-Avon in April 1564 
and J have this moment learned from the Regiſter of that town that 
the plague broke cut there on the 3oth of the following June, and 
Taged with ſuch violence between that day and the laft day of Decem- 
ber, that two hundred and thirty eight perſons were in that pericd 
carried to the grave, of which number probably 216 died of that ma- 
Iignant uiſtemper; and one only of the whole number reſ:ded, not in 
Stratford, but in the neighbouring town of Welcombe. From the 
237 inhabitants of Stratford, whole names appear in the Regiſter, 
twenty-one are to be ſubducted, who, it may be preſumed, would have 
died in ſix months, in the ordinary courſe of nature; for in the five 
preceding years, reckoning, according to the ſtyle of that time, from 
March 25, 1559, to March 25, 1564, two hundred and twenty one 


| perſons were buried at Stratford, of whom 210 were townſmen : that 


is, of theſe latter 42 died each year, at an average. Suppoſing one 
in thirty-five to have died annually, the total number of the inhabitants 
of Stratford at that period was 1470, and conſequently the plagu: in 
the laſt fix months of the year 1564 carried off more then a ſeventh 
part of them. Fortunately for mankind it did n«t reach the houſe in 
which the infant Shakſpeare lay; for not one cf that name appears 
in the dead liſt.— May we ſuppoſe, that, like Hr. ce, he lay iecure 
and fearleſs in the midſt of contagion and death, protected by the 
Muſes to whom his future life was to be devoted, and covered over 


ſacra 
Lauroque, collataque myrto, - | 
Non fine Diis animoſus infans. Maroxe. 


s — There a monument is placed in the wal!.] Pe is repreſented 
under an arch, in a fittin; poſture, a cuſhion ſpread before him, with 
| a pen 


OF WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 125 


a pen in his right-hand, and his left reſted on a ſcroll of paper. The 


following Latin diſtich is engraved under the cuſhion, 


Fudi.io Pylium, genio Socratem, arte Maronem, 
Terra tegit, popuius meret, Olympus babet. THEOBAL De 


The firſt ſyllable in Socratem is here made ſhort, which cannot be 
allowed. Perhaps we ſhould read Sophoclem. Shakſpeare is then ap- 


poſitely compared with a dramatick author among the ancients: but 


ſtill it ſhould be remembered that the elogium is leſſened while the 
metre is reformed; and it is well known that ſome of our early wri- 
ters of Latin poetry were uncommonly negligent in their proſody, 
eſpecially in proper names. The thought of this diſtich, as Mr. 
Tollet obſerves, might have been taken from the Fae:y Queene of 
Spenſer, b. ii. c. 9. ſt. 48, and c. 10 ft, 3. 

To this Latin inſcription on Shakſpeare ſhould be added the lines 
which are found underneath it on his monument: 


Stay, paſlenger, why doſt thou go fo faſt? 
Read, if thou canit, whom envious death hath plac'd 
Within this monument; Shakſpeare, with whom 
Quick nature dy'd ; whoſe name doth deck the tomb 
Far mo: e than coſt; fince all that he hath wric 
Leaves living art but page to ſerve his wit. 

Obiit Ano. Dni. 1616. 

æc. 53, die 23 Apri. SrEEVENS. 


It appears from the Verſes of Leonard Digges that our authour's 
monument was erected before the year 1623. It has been engraved 
dy Vertue, and done in Mezzotinto by Miber. | 

A writer in The Gentleman's Magazine, Vol. XXIX. p. 267, ſays, 
there is as ſtrong a reſemblance between the buſt at Stratford, and the 
portrait of our authour prefixed to the firſt folio edition of his plays, 
« as can well be between a ſtatue and a picture.“ To me (and I 
have viewed it ſeveral times with a good deabof attention) it appeared 
in a very different light. When 1 went laſt to Stratford, I carried 
with me the only genuine prints of Shakſpeare that were then extant, 
and I could not trace any reſemblance between them and this figure. 
There is a pertneſs in the countenance of the latter totally differing 
from that placid compoſure and thoughtful gravity, ſo perceptible in 
his original portrait and his beſt prints. Our poet's monument having 
been erected by his ſon-in-law Dr. Hall, the ſtatuary probably had the 
afſiſ:ance of ſome picture, and failed only from want of ſkill to copy it. 

Mr. Granger obſerves, (Bizg. Hiſt. Vol. I. p. 259,) that ( it has 
been ſaid there never was an original portrait of Shakſpeare, but that 
Sir Thomas Clarges after his death cauſed a portrait to be drawn for 
him from a perſon who nearly reſembled him.“ This entertaining 
writer was a great colletor of anecdotes, but not always very ſcrupu. 
lous in inquiring into the authenticity of the information which he 
procured ; for this improbable tale, I find, on examination, ſtands 


| only 


— 
— 


— — — — 


2 — ta bs ae i Ry; 


EE 
— 
1 * 
n L 


— — — wars * 
w Tour 


terton made no will, and died very indigent. He had a large collection 


126 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, &c. 


only on the aſſertion of an anonymous writer in the Gentleman's Ma- 
arg er for Auguſt 1759, who boldly “ affirmed it as an abſolute fact;“ 
ut being afterwards publickly called upon to produce his authority, 
never produced any. There is the ſtrongeſt reaſon therefore to pre- 
ſume it a forgery. 1 | 
„% Mr, Walpole” (adds Mr, Granger) © informs me, that the only 
Original picture of Shakſpeare is that which belonged to Mr. Keck, 
from whom it paſſed to Mr. Nicoll, whoſe only daughter married the 
Marquis of Caernarvon” [now duke of Chandos], 
From this picture, his Grace, at my requeſt, very obligingly per- 
mitted a drawing to be made by that excellent artiſt Mr. Ozias Hum- 
phry; and from that drawing the print prefixed to the preſent edition 
has been engraved. | 
In the manuſcript notes of the late Mr. Oldys, this portrait is ſaid 
to have been „painted by old Cornelius Janſen.” * Others,” he 
adds, « ſay, that it was done by Richard Burbage the player;” and in 
another place he aſcribes it to John Taylor, the player.“ This Tay- 
lor, it is ſaid in the Critical Review for 1770, left it by vill to Sir 
William D*Avenant. But unluckily there was no player of the chriſtian 
and ſurname of John Taylor, contemporary with Shakſpeare, The 
player who performed in Shakſpeare's company, was Joſeph Taylor. 
There was however a painter of the name of Fobn Taylor, to whom 
in his early youth it is barely poſſible that we may have been indebted 
for the only original portrait of our authour; for in the Picture-Gal- 
lery at Oxford are two portraits of Taylor the Water-poet, and on each 
of them © John Taylor pinx. 1655.” There appears ſome reſem- 
blance of manner between theſe portraits and the picture of Shakſpeare 
in the duke of Chandos's collection. That picture (I expreſs the opinion 
of Sir Joſhua Reynolds) has not the leaſt air of Cornelius Janſen's 
performances. | 
That this picture was once in the poſſeſſion of Sir Wm. D*Avenant 
3s highly probable; but it is much more likely to have been purchaſed 
by him from ſome of the players after the theatres were ſhut up by 
authority, and the veterans of the ſtage were reduced to great diſtreſs, 
than to have-been bequeathed to him by the perſon who painted it; 
in whoſe cuſtody.it is improbable that it ſhould have remained. Sir 
William D* Avenant appears to have died inſolvent, There is no Will. 
of his in the Prerogative-Office;z but adminiſtration of his effects was 
granted to John Otway, his principal creditor, in May 1668. After 
his death, Betterton the actor bought it, probably at a publick fale of 
his effects. While it was in Betterton's poſſeſſion, it was engraved by 
Vandergucht, for Mr. Rowe's edition of Shakſpeare, in 1709. Bet- 


of portraits of actors in crayons, which were bought at the ſale of his 
goods by Bullfinch the Printſeller, who ſold them to one Mr, Sykes. 
The portrait of Shakſpeare was purchaſed by Mrs. Barry the actreſs, 
who ſold it afterwards for 40 guineas to Mr, Robert Keck. In 
1719, While it was in Mr, Keck's poſſeſſion, an engraving was * 

| ; rom 


OF WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 127 


from it by Vertue: a large half-ſheet. Mr. Nicoll of Colney-Hatch, 
Middleſex, marrying the heireſs of the Keck family, this picture de- 
volved to him; and while in his poſſeſſion, it was, in 1747, engraved 
by Houbraken for Birch's Lluſtrious Heads, By the marriage of the 
duke of Chandos with the daughter of Mr. Nicoll, it became his 
Grace's property. | 


Sir Godfrey Kneller painted a picture of our authour, which he 


preſented to Dryden, but from what picture he copied, I am unable 
to aſcertain, as I have never ſeen Kneller's picture. The poet re- 


payed him by an elegant copy of Verſes.—See his Poems, Vol, II. 
p- 231, edit. 1743: | | 


c Shakſpeare, thy gift, I place before my ſight, 
« With awe I aſk his bleſſing as I write ; 
„ With reverence look on his majeftick face, 
ce Proud to be leſs, but of his godlike race. 
« His ſoul inſpires me, while thy praiſe I write, 
4 And J like Teucer under Ajax fight: | 
c Bids thee, throagh me, be bold; with dauntlefs breaſt 
C Contemn the bad, and emulate the beſt : Da, 
« Like his, thy criticks in the attempt are loſt, 
«© When moſt they rail, know then, they envy moſt." 


It appears from a circumſtance mentioned by Dryden, that theſe 
verſes were written after the year 1683: probably after Rymer's book 
had appeared in 1693. Dryden having made no will, and his wife Lady 
Elizabeth renouncing, adminiſtration was granted on the roth of june 
1700, to his fon Charles, who was drowned in the Thames near 
Windſor in 1704, His younger brother Eraſmus ſucceeded to the title 
of Baronet, and died without iſſue in 1711; but I know not what 
became of his effects, or where this picture is now to be found. 

About the year 1725 a mezzotinto of Shakſpeare was ſcraped by 
Simon, ſaid to be done from an original picture painted by Zouſt or 
Soeſt, then in the poſſeſſion of T. Wright, painter, in Covent-Garden. 
The earlieſt known picture painted by Zouſt in England, was done in 
1657; ſo that if he ever painted a picture of Shakſpeare, it muſt have 
been a-copy. It could not however have been made from D*Avenant's 
picture, (unleſs the painter took very great liberties) for the whole air, 


dreſs, diſpoſition of the hair, &c. are different, I have lately ſeen 
a picture in the poſſeſſion of — Douglas, Eſq. at Teddington near 


Twickenham, which is, I believe, the very picture from which Simon's 
Mezzotinto was made. It is on canvas, (about 24 inches by 20,) 
and ſomewhat ſmaller than the life. 

Tne earlieſt print of our poet that appeared, is that in the title. 
page of the firſt folio edition of his works, 1623, engraved by Martin 
Droeſhout, On this print the following lines, addreſſed To TRE 
READER, were written by Ben Jonſon : 


„ This figure that thou here ſeeſt put, 
« It was for gentle Shakſpeare cut; 


«K Whereia 


123 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, &c. 


« Wherein the graver had a ſtrife 1 
6 With nature, to out- do the life, 3 
46 O, could he but have drawn his wit 
cc As well in braſs, as he hath hit 

His face, the print would then ſurpaſs 
cc All that was ever writ in braſs; * 
« But fince he cannot, reader, look | 

c Not on his picture, but his book.“ 


- Droeſhout engraved alſo the heads of John Fox the martyrologiſt, 
Montjoy Blount, ſon of Charles Blount Earl of Devonſhire, William 
Fairfax who fell at the ſiege of Frankendale in 1623, and John How- 
ſon, Biſhop of Durham. The portrait of Biſhop Howſon is at Chriſt- 
church, Oxford. By comparing any of theſe prints (the two latter of 
which are well executed) with the original pictures from whence the 
engravings were made, a better judgment might be formed of the 8 
fidelity of our authour's portrait, as exhibited by: this engraver, than 
from Jonſon's aſſertion, that ** in this figure 


c — the graver had a ftrife 
« With nature, to out do the life;“ 


r 
be = 2 r 
„ 22 0 a OE TI 9 08 A 


a compliment which in the books of that age was paid to ſo many en- 
gravers, that nothing decifive can be inferred from it.—It does not 
appear from what picture this engraving was made: but from the 
dreſs, and the fipgular diſpoſition of the hair, &c. it undoubtedly was 
engraved from a picture, and probably a very ordinary one. There is 
no other way of accounting for the great difterence between this print 
of Droeſhout's, and his ſpirited portraits of Fairfax and Biſhop Howſon, 
but by ſuppoſing that the picture of Shakſpeare from which he copied 
was a very coarſe performance. 
The next print in point of time is, according to Mr. Walpole, and 
Mr. Granger, that executed by J. Payne, a ſcholar of Simon Paſs, in 
0 | 1634; with a laurel branch in the poet's left-hand. A print of Shak- 
| ith ſpeare by fo excellent an engraver as Payne, would probably exhibit a 
ü more perfect repreſentation of him than any other of thoſe times; 
Li N but I much doubt whether any ſuch ever exiſted. Mr. Granger, I 
l | apprehend, has erroneouſly attributed to Payne the head done by Mar- 
| ſhall in 1640, (apparently from Droeſhout's larger print,) which is 
i prefixed to a ſpurious edition of Shakſpeare's Poems publiſhed in that 
4979 year, In Marſhall's print the poet bas @ laurel branch in bis left band. 
, Neither Mr. Walpole, nor any of the other great colleCtors of prints, are 5 
poſſeſſed of, or ever ſaw, any print of Shakſpeare by Payne, as far as I 5 


can learn. 
Two other prints only remain to be mentioned; one engraved by 


: 

| 

j | Vertue in 1721, for Mr. Pope's edition of our authour's plays in 
quarto ; ſaid to be engraved from an original picture in the poſſeſſion 
| of the ear] of Oxford; and another, a mezzotinto, by Earlom, pre- 
f = fixed to an edition of King Lear, in 1770; ſaid to be done from an 


110 original by Cornelius Janſen, in the collection of Charles Jennens, 
Eſqʒ 


OF WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 129 
8 Eq; but, Mr. Granger juſtly obſerves, „ as it is dated in 1610, before 
: | ham was in England, it is highly probable that it was not painted by 
im, at leaſt, that he did not paint it as a portrait of Shakſpeare.“ 
Moſt of the other prints of Shakſpeare that have appeared, were 
copied from ſome or other of thoſe which I have mentioned. MALONE. 
4 c The portrait palmed upon Mr. Pope“ (I uſe the words of the late 
Mr. Oldys, in a Mf. note to his copy of Langbaine,) « for an original 
of Shakſpeare, from which he had his fine plate engraven, is evidently 
a juvenile portrait of KingJames I.” I am no judge in theſe matters, 
but only deliver an opinion, which if ilt-groundeu may be eaſily over- 
thrown, The portrait to me at leaſt, has no traits of Shakſpeate. 
2 | Sry. 
4 On his grave- ſtone underneath is; Good friend, &c ] This epitaph 
10 expreſſed in the following uncouth mixture of ſmall and capital 
etters: | 
Y | Good Frend for Ieſus SAKE forbeare 
= To dice "FR, Duſt EncloAfed HERe 
X Bleſe be PE Man T ſpares Es Stones 
= - And curſt be He 7 moves my Bones. STEE VERS. 
| 5 And curſt be he that moves my bones. ] It is uncertain whether this 
epitaph was written by Shakſpeare himſelf, or by one of his friends 
after his death. The imprecation contained in this laſt line, was 
perhaps ſuggeſted by an apprehenſion that our authour's remains might 
thare the fanie fate with thoſe of the reſt of his countrymen, and be 
added to the immenſe pile of human bones depoſited in the charnel- 
houſs at Stratford. This, however, is mere conjecture ; for ſimilar 
execrations are found in many ancient Latin epitaphs. 
Mr. Steevens has juſtly mentioned it as a fingular circumſtance, 
that Shakſpeare does not appear to have written any verſes on his con- 
temporaries, either in praiſe of the living, or in honour of the dead. 
I once imagined that he hid mentioned Spenſer with kindneſs in one 
of his Sonnets; but have lately diſcovered that the ſonnet to which I 
allude, was written by Richard Barnefield. If, however, the follow- 
ing epitaphs be genuine, (and indeed the latter is much in Shakſpeare's 
manner,) he in two inſtances overcame that modeſt diffidence, which 
ſeems to have ſuppoſed the elogium of his humble muſe of no value. 
In a Manuſcript volume of poems by William Herrick and others, 
in the hand-writing of the time of Charles I. which is among Raw- 
linſon's Collections in the Bodleian Library, is the following epitaph, 
aſcribed to our poet. | | | 
«AN EPITAPH, 
c When God was pleas'd, the world unwilling yet, 
« Elias James to nature payd his debt, 
& And here repoſeth; as he liv'd, he dyde; 
4 The ſaying in him ſtrongly verefide,. _ 
« Such life, ſuch death: then, the known truth to tell, 
« He liv'd a godly life, and dyde as well, 5 
| WM, SHAKESPEARE.” | 
Vol. I, LEN There | 


½yrͤ ot 1d} 1 OF" OR ST 
I %FFFF T0 3 


— —— —_— Sh — - EG 


de. MAE. CS 


Wr - 7 - 


—— .. 2 — wo 9 o_ - 


T——— —— — — — — — — 


30 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, xc. 


There was formerly a family of the ſurname of James at Stratford. 


Anne, the wife of Richard James, was buried there on the ſame day 


with our poet's widow ;z and Margaret, the daughter. of Fobn James, 
died there in April 1616. 1 5 


A monumental inſcription “of a better leer, and ſaid to be 
written by our authour, is preſerved in a collection of Epitaphs, at 


the end of the Viſitation of Salop, taken by Sir William Dugdale in 
the year 1664, now remaining in the College of Arms, C. 35, fol. 20; 
a tranſcript of which Sir Iſaac Heard, Garter, Principal King at 
Arms, has obligingly tranſmitted to me. : 

Among the monuments in Tongue Church in the county of Salop, 
is one erected in remembrance of Sir Thomas Stanley, knight, who 
died, as I imagine, about the year 1600. In the Viſitation- book it. 
is. thus deſcribed by Six William Dugdale :: 1 

«© On the north fide of the chancell ſtands a very ſtately tombe, ſup- 
ported with Corinthian columnes. It hath two figures of men in ar- 
mour, thereon lying, the one below the arches and columnes, and the 
other above them, and this epitaph upon it. | 

«© Thomas Stanley, Knight, ſecond ſon of Edward Earle of Derby, 
Lord Stanley and Strange, deſcended from the famielie of the Stanleys, 


married Margaret Vernon, one of the daughters and co-heires of Sir 


George Vernon of Nether-Haddon, in the county of Derby, Knight, 


by whome he had iflue two ſons, Henry and Edward. Henry died 


an infant; Edward ſurvived, to whom thoſe lordſhips deſcended ; and 
married the lady Lucis Percie, ſecond daughter of the Earle of Nor- 


thumberland: by her he had iſſue ſeaven daughters. She and her 


foure- daughters, Arabella, Marie, Alice, and Priſcilla, are interred 


under a monument in the church of Waltham in the county of Efſex. 


Thomas, her ſon, died in his infancy, and is buried in the parith 
church of Winwich in the county of Lancaſter. The other three, 
Petronilla, Frances, and Veneſia, are yet living. 


Theſe following verſes were made by WILLIAM SHAKESPEAR®y 
| | the late famous tragedian. 
% Written upon the eaſt end of this tombe. 
& Aſke who lyes here, but do not weepe; 
6 He is not dead, he doth but ſleepe. 
4 This ſtony regiſter is for his bones, 5 
« His fame is more perpetual than theſe ſtones: 
&« And his own goodneſs, with himfelf being gone, 
& Shall live, when earthly monument is none. 


„ Written upon the weſt end thereof. 
e Not monumental ſtane preſerves our fame, 
« Nor ſſcye-aſpiring pyramids our name. 
6 The memory of him for whom this ſtands, 
& Shall out-live marble, and defacers* hands. 
« When all fo time's conſumption ſhall be given, 
. -. „ Stanley, for whom this ſtands, ſhall ftand in heaven.“ 


. — — — Z )?¹ſ — * 


VVV 
r T 


N c wal Ie 
CEF 


e RE 


<9 
. 
L* 
. 2 
2 
* 
* 
9 
8 
7 
"2 
* 
; 


8 — o D 
I n 


Ra 
598 
* 
vs 
. 
8 
<> 8 
INE 
Ws. 
2 
x 
. 
; 


0 / 
Cf WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 131 
He had three daughters“, of which two lived to be mar- 
ried; Judith, the elder, to one Mr. Thomas Quiney “, 
1 165 was 

The laſt line of this epitaph, though the worſt, bears very ſtrong 
marks of the hand of Shakſpeare. The beginning of the firſt line; 
« Aſk who lyes here, reminds us of that which we have been juſt 
examining : * IF any man aſk, who lies in this tomb, &c.—Sir Wil- 
liam Dugdale was bora in Warwickſhire, was bred at the free-ſchool 


of Coventry, and in the year 1625 purchaſed the-manor of Blythe in 


that county, where he then ſettled and afterwards ſpent a great part of 
his life: ſo that his teſtimony reſpecting this epitaph is ſufficient to 
aſcertain its anthenticity. MArLoNnEe. 5 

3 He bad three daugbters, ] In this eircumſtance Mr. Rowe muſt 
have been miſinformed. In the Regiſter of Stratford, no mention is 


made of any daughter of our authour's but Suſanna and judith. He 


had indeed three children; the two already mentioned, and a ſon, 


named Hamnet; of whom Mr. Rowe takes no notice. He was a twin 


child, born at the ſame time with Judith. Hence probably the miſ- 
take. He died in the twelfth year of his age, in 1596. MaLone, 

4 — Judith, the elder, te one Mr. Thomas Quiney, ] This alſo is a 
miſtake. Judith was Shakſpeare's youngeſt daughter. She died at 
Stratford-upon-Avon a few days after ſhe had completed her ſeventy- 
ſeventh year, and was buried there, Feb. 9, 1661-62. She was mar- 
ried to Mr. Quiney, who was four years younger than herſelf, on the 
joih of February, 1615-16, and not as Mr. Weſt ſuppoſed, in the 


| year 1616-17, He was led into the miſtake by the figures 1616 


ſtanding nearly oppoſite to the entry concerning her marriage; but 
thoſe figures relate to the firſt entry in the ſubſequent month of 
April. The Regiſter appears thus: 


February, —— e = 
3. Francis Buſhill to Iſabel Whood. 
1618. 3* Rich. Sandells to Joan Ballamy. 
10. Tho. Queeny to Judith Shakſpere. 
Aprill.,—— 


* 


14. Will. Borowes to Margaret Davies: 


and all the following entries in that and a part of the enſuing page 
are of 1616; the year then beginning on the 25th of March, Whe- 
ther the above 10 relates to the month of February or April, Judith 
was certainly married before her father's death: if it relates ta 
February, ſhe was married on February jo, 1615-16; if to April, on 
the toth of April 1616. From Shakſpeare's will it appears, that 
this match was a ſtolen one; for he ſpeaks of ſuch future ©* huſband 
as ſhe ſpall be martied to.“ It is ftrange that the ceremony ſhould 
have been publickly celebrated in the church of Stratford without his 


knowledge; and the improbability of ſuch à circumſtance might lead 


us to ſuppoſe that ſhe was married on the 10th of April, about a fort- 
night after the execution of her father's will, But the entry of the 
| 1 baptiſm 


5 25 


132 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, &c. | 
by whom ſhe had three ſons, who all died without chil- 
dren; and Suſanna, who was. his favourite, to- Dr. 
John Hall, a phyſician of good reputation in that 
country 5. She left one child only, a daughter, who 

| 8 | | wag 


| baptiſm of her firſt child, (Nov. 23, 1616, ] as well as the entry of the 


marriage, aſcertain it to have taken place in February. | 

Mr. Weſt, without intending it, has impeached the character ot 
this lady; for her firſt child, according to his reprefentation, muſt 
be ſuppoſed to have been born ſome months before her marriage ; 
fince among the Baptifms I find this entry of the chriſtening of her 
eldeſt ſon: 1616. Nov. 23. Shakſpere, filius Thomes Quiney, 
Gent.“ and according to Mr. Weſt ſhe was not married till the fol- 
lowing February. This Shakſpeare Quiney died in his infancy at 
Stratford, and was buried May Sth, 1617. Judith's ſecond ſon, 
Richard, was baptized on February gth, 1617-18. He died at Strat 
ford in Feb. 1638-9, in the 21ſt year of his age, and was buried there 
on the 26th of that month, Her third ſon, Thomas, was baptized 
Auguſt 29, 1619, and was buried alſo at Stratford, January 28, 
1638-9. There had been a plague in the town in the preceding 
ſummer, that carried off about fifty perſons. M ALONE. 

5 Dr. John Hall, a phyſician of good reputation in that country. J 
Suſanna's huſband, Dr. John Hall, died in Nov. 1635, and is in- 
terred in the chancel of the church of Stratford near his wife. He 
was buried on the 26th-of November, as appears from the Regiſter of 
durials at Stratford: | | 

4 November 26, 1635, Johannes Hall, medicus peritiflimus.” 

The following is a tranſcript of his will, extracted from the Regi- 
try of the Prerogative Court of Canterbury: | 

“ The laſt Will and Teſtament nuncupative of John Hall of Strat- 
ford-upon-Avon in the county of Warwick, Gent. made and declared 
the five and twentieth of November, 163 5. Imprimir, I give unto my 
wife my houſe in London. Item, I give unto my davghter Nath 
my houſe in Acton. Iten, I give unto my daughter Naſh. my mea- 
dow. Item, I give my goods and money unto my wife and my 
daughter Naſh, to be equally divided betwixt them. Jen, concern- 
ing my ſtudy of books, I leave them, ſaid he, to you, my ſon Naſh, 
to diſpoſe of them as you ſee good. As for my manuſcripts, I would: 
have given them to Mr. Boles, if he had been here; but foraſmuch as 
he is not here preſent, you may, ſon Naſh, burn them, or do with 
them what you pleaſe, Witneſles hereunto, , | 

. Thomas Naſh. 
| e 6 N Simon Trapp.“ 

The teſtator not having appointed any executor, adminiftration was- 

granted to his widow, Nov. 23, 1636. 
Some at leaſt of Dr. Hall's manuſcripts: eſcaped the flames, one of 


them being yet extant, See p. 123, n. 2. 
| = | Lcoults 


«WP 


OF WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 13; 
1 could not, after a very careful ſearch, find the will of Suſanna 


Hall in the Prerogative-office, nor is it preſerved in the Archives of 
the dioceſe of Worceſter, the Regiſtrar of which dioceſe at my re- 


| queſt very obligingly examined the indexes of all the wills proved in 


His office between the years 1649 and 1670; hut in vain, The 
town of Stratford-upon- Avon is in that dioceſe, 
The inſcriptions on the tomb-ſtones of our poet's favourite daughter 


and her huſband are as follows: 
cc Here lyeth the body of John Hall, Gent. he marr. Suſanna, y 


daughter and co-heire of Vill. Shakſpeare, Gent. he deceafed 
Nov. 25, A®. 1635, aged bo.” 5 
% Hallius hic ſitus eſt, medica celeberrimus arte, 
Expectans regni gaudia læta Dei. 
“ Dignus erat meritis qui Neſtora vinceret annis 5 
c« In terris omnes ſed rapit equa dies. 
| < Ne tumulo quid deſit, adeſt fidiſſima conjux, 
Et vitæ comitem nunc quoque mortis habet.“ 


Theſe verſes ſhould ſeem, from the laſt two lines, not to have been 
inſcribed on Dr. Hall's tomb-ſtone till 2649. Perhaps indeed the laſt 
diſtich only was then added. 


ce Here lyeth the body of Suſanna, wiſe to John Hall, Gent. ye 
3 of William Shakſpeare, Gent. She deceaſed the 11th af 
July, A 9. 1649, aged 66. 
c Witty above her ſexe, but that's not all, 
«« Wiſe to ſalvation was good Miſtriſs Hall. 
* Something of Shakſpeare was in that, but this 
6 Wholy of him with whom ſhe's now in bliſſe. 


c Then, paſſenger, haſt ne're a teare, 
« To weepe with her that wept with all: 
That wept, yet ſet her ſelfe to chere 
Them up with comforts cordiall, 


ce Her love ſhall live, her mercy ſpread, 
cc When thou haſt ne're a teare to ſhed,” 


The foregoing Engliſh verſes, which are preſerved by Dugdale, are not 
now remaining, half of the tomb-ſtone having been cut away, and 
another half ſtone joined to it; with the following inſcription on it. 


4% Here lyeth the body of Richard Watts of Ryhon-Clifford, in the 


pariſh. of old Stratford, Gent. who departed this life the 23d of 
May, Anno Dom. 1707, and in the 46th year of his age.” This Mr. 
Watts, as I am informed by tne Rev. Mr. Davenport, was owner of, 
and lived at. the eſtate of Ryhon-Clifford, which was once the property 
of Dr. Hall. 
Mrs. Hall was buried on the 16th of July, 1649, as n from 
the rie of Stratford, MATLONE. J 
[13] was 


to have been a favourite, Shakeſpeare having left her by his will a 


: meſſuage or tenement, with the appurtenances, ſituate in the Chapel- 


ments, profits, commons, commodities, and hereditaments, to the ſame 


134 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, &c. 


was married firſt to 'Thomas Naſhe © , eſq. and after- 
wards 


6 Sbe left one e cbild only, a 2 LN was married firſt to Tho- 
mas Naſpe, Eſg.] Elizabeth, our poet's grand-daughter, who appears 


memorial of his affection, though ſhe at that time was but eight years 
old, was born in February 1607-8, as appears by an entry in the 
Regiſter of Stratford, which Mr. Weſt omitted in the tranſcript with 
which he furniſhed Mr. Steevens. ' I learn from the ſame regiſter that 
the was married in 1626: © MAR RTA CES. April 22, 1626, Mr. Tho- 
mas Naſh to Miftriſs Elizabeth Hall.” It ſhould be remembered that 
every unmarried lady was called Miſtreſs till the time of George I. 
Hence our authour's Mrftreſs Anne Page. Nor in ſpeaking of an un- 
married lady could her chriſtian name be omitted, as it often is at pre- 
ſent; for then no diſtinction would have remained between her and 
her mother. Some married ladies indeed were diſtinguiſhed from their 
daughters by the title of Madam. 

Mr. Naſh died in 1647, as appears by the 1 on his tomb- 
Kone in the chancel of the church of Stratford, 

« Here reſteth ye body of Thomas Naſhe, Eſq. He mar. Elizabeth 
the daugh. and heire of John Hall, Gent. He died 5 ath, Ab. 
1647, aged 53. 

484 Fata manent omnes; hunc non virtute carentemy 

cc Ut neque divitiis, abſtulir atra dies, 
5. Abſtulit, at referet lux ultima. Siſte, viator; 
7 $1 peritura paras, per male parta peris.“ 


The lethirs printed in Italicks are now obliterated. 
By his laſt will, which is in the Prerogative-office, dated Auguſt 
25, 1642, he bequeathed to his well beloved wife, Elizabeth Nath, 
and her aſſigns, for her life, (in lieu of jointure and thirds,) one 


Street in Stratford, then in the tenure and occupation of Joan Nor- 
man, widow; one meadow, known by the name of the Square Mea- 
dow, with the appurtenances, in -the pariſh -of old Stratford, lying 
near unto the great ſtone=bridge of Stratford; one other meadow with 
the appurtenances, known by the name of the Waſh Meadow; one 
little meadow with the appurtenances, adjoining to the ſaid Waſh 
Meadow; and alſo all the tythes of the manor or lordihip of Shottery. 
'He deviſes to his kinſman Edward Naſh, the ſon of his uncle George 
Naſh of London, his heirs and aſſigns, (inter alia) the meſſuage or 
tenement, then in his own occupation, called The Nezw-Place, ſituate 
in the Chapel-Street, in Stratford; together. with all and fingular 
Houſes, outhouſes, barns, ſtables, orchards, gardens, eaſements, pro- 
fits, or commodities, to the ſame belonging; and alſo four-yard land 
of arable land, meadow, and paſture, with the appurtenances, lying 
and being in the common fields of Old Stratford, with all the eaſe- 


228 lands belonging; then in the tenure, uſe, and occupation 
of 


WW | 


"mr 
* 


"04 
„ 
5% 
* 
2 1 
3 
9 
> 
- 
„ 
I 1 
Pts 
K 
9 
* * 1 
[oP 
"7; 
3k 
<2 
A 
85 
85 
{ 
F 
n 


OF WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 135 
wards to Sir John Bernard of Abington 7, but died 
likewiſe without iſſue *, - 

This 


of him the ſaid Thomas N aſh; and one other meſſuage or tenement, 
with the appurtenances, ſituate in the pariſh of ——, in London, and 
called or known by the name of the Wardrobe, and then in the tenure, 
uſe and occupation of Dickes. And from and after the death of 
his ſaid wife, he bequeaths the meadows above named, and deviſed ta 
her for life, to his ſaid couſin, Edward Naſh, his heirs and aſſigns for 
ever. After various other bequeſts, he directs that one hundred 
pounds, at the leaſt, be laid out in mourning gowns, cloaks, and ap- 
parel, to be diſtributes among his kindred and friends, in ſuch manner 
as his executtix ſhall think fit. He appoints his wife Elizabeth Naſh 
his reſiduary legatee, and ſole executrix, and ordains Edmund Raw. 
tins, William Smith, and John Eafton, overſeers of his will, to which 
the witneſſes are John Such, Michael Johnſon, .and Samuel Rawlins, 

By a nuncupative codicil dated on the day of his death, April 4th, 


4647, he bequeaths (inter alia) © to his mother Mrs. Hall fifty pounds ; 
to Elizabeth Hathaway fifty pounds; to Thomas Hathaway fifty 


pounds; to Judith Hathaway ten pounds; to his uncle Naſh and his 
aunt, his coufin Sadler and his wife, his coufin Richard Quiney and 
his wife, his coufin Thomas Quiney and his wife, twenty ſhillings each, 
to buy them rings.“ The meadows which by his will he had deviſed 
to his wife for life, the by this .codicil deviſes to her, her heirs and 


aſſigns, for ever, to the end that they may not be ſevered from her 


own land; and he ““ appoints and declares that the inheritance of his 
land given to his couſin Edward Nath ſhould be by him ſettled after 
his deceaſe, upon his ſon Thomas Naſh, and his heirs, and for want of 
ſuch heirs then to remain and deſcend to his own right heirs.” 

It is obſervable that in this will ,the teſtator makes no mention of 
any child, and there is no entry of any iſſue of his marriage in the 
Regiſter of Stratford; I have no doubt therefore that he died without 
iſſue, and that a pedigree with which Mr. Whalley furniſhed Mr. 
Steevens a few years ago, is inaccurate, The origin of the miſtake in 
that pedigree will be pointed out in its proper place, 

As by Shakſpeare's will his daughter Suſanna had an eſtate for life 
in the New Place, &c. and his grand- daughter Elizabeth an eſlate 
ta:l in remainder they probably on the marriage of Elizabeth to Mr. 
Naſh, by a fine and recovery cut off the entail ; and by a deed to bead the 
uſes gave him the entire dominion over that eſtate ; which.he appears 
to have miſuſ:d by deviſing it from Shakſpeare's family to his own. 

Mr, Naſh's will and codicil were proved June 5, 2647, and admis 
nitration was then granted to his widow. , MALONE. 

7 — Sir Jobn Barnara of Abington,] Sir John Barnard of Abington, 
a ſmall village about a mile from the town of Northampton, was 
created a knight by King Charles II. Nov. 25, 1661. In 1671 he 
ſold the manor and advowſon of the church of Abingt6n, which his 


ande kor had poſſeſſed for more than two hundred years, to Williatri 


136 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, &c, 


Thurſby, Eſq. Sir [John Barnard was the eldeſt ſon of Baldwin Bar- 
nard, el . by Eleanor, daughter and co-heir of John Fulwood of Ford- 
Hall in the county of Warwick, eſq. and'was born in 1605, He firſt 
married Elizabeth, the daughter of Sir Clement Edmonds of Preſton, 
in Northamptonſhire, by whom he had four ſons and four daughters. 
She dying in 1642, he married ſecondly our poet's grand-daughter, 
Mrs. Elizabeth Naſh, on the 5th of June 1649, at Billeſley in War- 
wickſhire, about three miles from Stratford-upen-Avon. If any of 
Shakſpeare's manuſcripts remained in his grand-daughter's cuſtody 
at the time of her ſecond marriage, (and ſome letters at leaſt ſhe ſurely 
muſt have had,) they probably were then removed to the houſe of 
her new huſband at Abington, Sir Hugh Clopton, who was born 
two years after her death, mentioned to Mr, Macklin, in the year 
1742, an old tradition that ſhe had carried away with her from Strat- 
ford many of her grandfather's papers. On the death of Sir John 
Barnard they muſt have fallen into the hands of Mr. Edward Bagley, 
Lady Barnard's executor; and if anydeſcendant of that gentleman be 
now living, in his cuſtody they probably remain. MAL ONE. 
3 — but died likewiſe without iſſue, ] Confiding in a pedigree tranſ- 
mitted by Mr. Whalley ſome years ago to Mr. Steeyens, I once ſup- 
ofed that Mr. Rowe was inaccurate in ſaying that our poet's grand- 
83 died without iſſue. But he was certainly right ; and this lady 
was undoubtedly the laſt lineal deſcendant of Shakſpeare. There is 
no entry, as I have already obſerved, in the Regiſter of Stratford, of 
any iſſue of hers by Mr, Naſh ; nor does he in his will mention any 
child, deviſing the greater part of his property between his wife and his 
kinſman, Edward Naſh, That Lady Barnard had no ifſue by her 
ſecond huſband, is proved by the Regiſter of Abington, in which there 
is no entry of the baptiſm of any child of that marriage, though there 
are regular entries of the time when the ſeveral children of Sir John 
Barnard by his firſt wife were baptized. Lady Barnard died at Abing- 


ton, and was buried there on the 17th of February 1669-70; but her 


huſband did not ſhew his reſpect for her memory by a monument, or 
even an inſcription of any kind. He ſeems not to have been ſenſible 
of the honourable alliance he had made. Shakſpeare's grand- daughter 
would not, at this day, go to her grave without a memorial. By her 
laſt will, which J ſubjoin, the direQs her truſtee to ſell her eſtate of 


New-Place, &c. to the beft bidder, and to offer it firſt to her couſin 


Mr. Edward Naſh, How ſhe then came to have any property in New. 
Place, which her firſt huſband had deviſed to this very Edward Naſh, 
does not appear; but I ſuppoſe that after the death of Mr. Thomas Naſh 


the exchanged the patrimonial lands which he bequeathed to her, with 


Edward Naſh and his ſon, and took New-Place, &c. inſtead of them. 
Sir John Barnard died at Abington, and. was buried there on 
March 5th, 1673-4. On his tomb-ſtone in the chancel of the church 
is the following inſcription : | 
Hic jacent exuuiæ generoſi/ſtmi viri Johannis Bernard, militis 3 
patre, avo, abauo, tritave, aliiſque progenitoribus per ducentos et 
erplius annos bujus opidi de Abingdon dominis, infignis : qui f. 11 
N N ö | b ce ſſit 


I ; 8 2 8 JJ ˙w!'U e EE ET ts. N 
. r Y OE FF IE hy >> - EN EP emen n r N N e 3 
REF 8 yy Rs AE I EONS ar tnY Mao SR ea ol, on oh bene . NT 
* STO _ wes 3 1 . * r 1 — * 
a ; - * 


OF WILLIAM SHARK SPEARE. 149 


This is what I could learn of any note, either relating 

| | to 

ceſſit undeſeptuageſſimo etatis ſue anno, quinto nonas Martii, annoque 
ns B, Virginis, MDCLX XIII. f 

Sir John Barnard having made no will, adminiftration of his effects 

was granted on the 7th of November 1674, to Henry Gilbert of Locks 


in the county of Derby, who had married his daughter Elizabeth by 


his firſt wife, and to his two other ſurviving daughters; Mary Higgs, 
widow of Thomas Higgs of Coleſborne, eſq. and Eleanor Cotton, the 
wife of Samuel Cotton, eſq. All Sir John Barnard's other children 
except the three above-mentioned died without iſſue. I know not 
whether any deſcendant of theſe be now living: but if that ſhoyld 
be the caſe, among their papers may poſſibly be found ſome fragment 
or other relative to Shakſpeare; for by his grand-daughter's order, the 
adminiſtrators of her huſhand were entitled to keep poſſeſſion of her 
houſe, &c, in Stratford, for ſix months after her death. 
The following is a copy of the will of this laſt deſcendant of our 
poet, extracted from the Regiſtry of the Prerogative Court of Can- 
erbury : | 
F 15 ch Name of God, Amen. I Dame Elizabeth Barnard, wife of 
Sir John Barnard of Abington in the county of Northampton, knight, 
being in perfect memory, (bleſſed be God!) and mindful of mortality, 
do make this my laſt will and teſtament in manner and form following. 
Whereas by my certain deed or writing under my hand and ſeal, 
dated on or about the eighteenth day of April 1653, according to a 
power therein mentioned, I the ſaid Elizabeth have limited and diſ- 
poſed of all that my meſſuage with the appurtenances in Stratford- 
upon-Avon, in the county of Warwick, called the New Place, and 
all that four-yard land and an half in Stratford- Welcombe and Biſhop- 
ton in the county of Warwick, (after the deceaſe of the ſaid Sir John 
Barnard, and me the ſaid Elizabeth,) unto Henry Smith of Stratford 
aforeſaid, Gent. and Job Dighton of the Middle Temple, London, 
Eſq. ſince deceaſed, and their heirs 3 upon truſt that they, and the 
ſurvivor, and the heirs of ſuch ſurvivor, ſhould bargain and ſell the 
ſame for the beſt value they can get, and the money thereby to be 


| raiſed to be employed and diſpoſed of to ſuch perſon and perſons, and 


in ſuch manner as I the ſaid Elizabeth ſhould by any writing or gote 
under my hand, truly teſtified, declare and nominate ; hereby may 
more fully appear. Now my will is, and I do hereby ſſgnify and'de. 
clare my mind and meaning to be, that the ſaid Henry Smith, my ſur- 


viving truſtee, or his heirs, ſhall with all convenient ſpeed after the 


deceaſe of the ſaid Sir John Barnard my huſband, make ſale of the 
inheritance of all and ſingular the premiſes, and that my loving couſin 
Edward Naſh, Eſq. ſhall have the firſt offer or refuſal thereof, accord- 
ing to my promiſe formerly made to him: and the monies to be raiſed 
by ſuch ſale I do give, diſpoſe of, and appoint the ſame. to be paid 
and diſtributed, as is herein after expreſſed ; that is to ſay, to my couſin 
Thomas Welles of Carleton, in the county of Bedford, Gent. on 

| T | | um 


138 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, &c. 
to himſelf or family: the character of the man is beſt 
ſeen in his writings. But ſince Ben Jonſon has made a 


ſort 


Cam of fifty pounds, to be paid him within one year next after ſuch b-. 
Lale: and if the ſaid Thomas Wells ſhall happen to die before ſuch 3 
time as his ſaid legacy (hall become due to him, then my deſire is, that 
my kinſman Edward Bagley, citizen of London, ſhall have the ſole 
beneat thereof. ; 

Item, I do give and appoint unto Judith Hathaway, one of the 
daughters of my kinſman Thomas Hathaway, late of Stratford afore- 
ſaid, the annual ſum of five pounds of lawful money of England, to 
be paid unto her yearly and every year, from and after the deceaſe of 
the ſurvivor of the ſaid Sir John Barnard and me the ſaid Elizabeth, 
for and during the natural life of her the ſaid Judith, at the two moſt 
uſual feaſts or days of payment in the year, videlicet, the feaſt of the 
Annunciation of the Bleſſed Virgin Mary, and Saint Michael the 
archangel, by equal portions, the firſt payment thereof to begin at 
ſuch of the ſaid feaſts as ſhall next happen, after the deceaſe of the 
ſurvivor of the ſaid Sir John Barnard and me the (aid Elizabeth, if the, 
ſaid premiſes can be ſo toon ſold ; or otherwiſe ſo ſoon as the ſame can 
be ſold: and if the ſaid Judith ſhall happen to marry, and ſhall be 
minded to releaſe the ſaid annual ſum of five pounds, and ſhall ac- 
cordingly releaſe and quit all her intereſt and right in and to the ſame 
after it ſhall become due to her, then and in ſuch caſe, I do give and 
appoint to her the ſum of forty pounds in lieu thereof, to he paid unto 
Her at the time of the executing of ſuch releaſe as aforeſaid. 

Item, I give and appoint unto Joan the wife of Edward Kent, and 
one other of the daughters of the ſaid Thomas Hathaway, the ſum of 
fifty pounds, to be likewiſe paid unto her within one year next after 
the deceaſe of the ſurvivor of the ſaid Sir John Barnard and me the 
ſaid Elizabeth, if the ſaid premifes can be ſoon ſold, or otherwiſe ſo 
ſoon as the ſame can be fold ; and if the ſaid Joan ſhall happen to 

N die before the ſaid fifty pounds ſhall be paid to her, then J do give and 7 

1 appoint the ſame unto Edward Kent the younger, her ſon, to be paid © 
unto him when he ſhall attain the age of one-and-twenty years. | Fl 

Item, I do,alſo give and appoint unto him the ſaid Edward Kent, 
ſon bf the ſaid_Joan, the ſum of thirty pounds, towards putting him 
out an apÞe\tice, and to be paid and diſpoſed of to that uſe when 
he ſhall be fit for it. | iy 

Item, I do give or appoint and diſpoſe of unto Roſe, Elizabeth, 
and Suſanna, three other of the daughters of my ſaid kinſman Thomas 
Hathaway, the ſum of forty pounds apiece, to be paid unto every of 

them at ſuch time and in ſuch manner as the ſaid fifty pounds before 
appointed to the ſaid Joan Kent, their ſiſter, ſhall become payable, 

Ttem, All the reſt of the monies that ſhall be raiſed by ſuch ſale ag 
aforeſaid, I give and diſpoſe of unto my ſaid kinſman Edward Bagley, 
except five pounds only, which I give and appoint to my ſaid truſtee 
Henry Smith for his pains; and if the ſaid Edward Naſh ſhall * : 

8 - 
_— 


— — — 


3 
ey | 
4 


1 


OF WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 139 
fort of an eſſay towards it in his Diſcoveries, I wall give 


it in his words: h 
| C J remember 


the purchaſe of the ſaid meſſuage and four- yard land and a half with 
the appurtenances, then my will and deſire is, that the ſaid Henry 
Smith or his heirs ſhall ſell the inheritance of the ſaid premiſes and 
every part thereof unto the ſaid Edward Bagley, and that he ſhall pur- 
chaſe the ſame z upon this condition, nevertheleſs, that he the ſaid 
Edward Bagley, his heirs, executors, or adminittrators, ſhall juſtly 
and faithfully perform my will and true meaning, in making due pay- 
ment of all the ſeveral ſums of money or legacies before mentioned, in 
ſuch manner as aforeſaid. And I do hereby declare my will and 
meaning to be that the executors or adminiſtrators of my ſaid huſband 
Sir John Barnard ſhal! have and enjoy the uſe and benefit of my ſaid 
Houle in Stratford, called the New-Place, with the orchards, gardens, 
and all other the appurtenances thereto belonging, for and during the 
ſpace of fix months next after the deceaſe of him the ſaid Sir John 
Barnard, : | 
Item, I give and deviſe unto my kinſman Thomas Hart, the ſon 
of Thomas Hart, late of Stratford-upon- Avon aforeſaid, all that my 
other meſſuage or inn ſituate in Stratford-upon-Avon aforeſaid, com- 
monly called the Maidenhead, with the appurtenanees, and the next 
houſe thereunto adjoining, with the barn belonging to the ſame, now 


or late in the occupation of Michael Johnſon or his aſſigns, with all 
and ſingular the appurtenances; to hold to him the faid Thomas 


Hart the ſon, and the heirs of his body; and for default of ſuch iſſue, 
I give and deviſe the ſame to George Hart, brother of the ſaid Thomas 
Hart, and to the heirs of his body; and for default of ſuch iſſue to 
the right heirs of me the ſaid Elizabeth Barnard for ever. | 
Item, I do make, ordain and appoint my ſaid loving kinſman Ed- 
ward Bagley fole executor of this my laſt will and teſtament, hereby 
revoking all former wills; deſiring him to ſee a juſt performance here- 
of, according to my true intent and meaning. In witneſs whereof I 
the ſaid Elizabeth Barnard have hereunto ſet my hand and ſeal, the 
nine-and-twentieth day of January, Anno Domini, one thouſand fix 
hundred and ſixty-nine. | 
| „ = ELIZABETH BARNARD. 


Signed, ſealed, publiſhed, and declared, to be the laſt will and teſ- 
tament of the [aid Elizabeth Barnard, in the preſence of 
0 OY John Howes, Rector de Abington. 
| Francis Wickes. | 
Probatum fuit teftamentum ſupraſcriptum apud ædes Exonienſes 
Situat. in le Strand, in comitatu Middx. quarto die menſis 
Martij, 1669, coram wenerabili viro Domino Egidio Seweete, 
milite et legum doctore, ſurrogate, &c. juramento Edwardi 
Bagley, unici executor, nominate cui, c. de bene, Ic. jurat. 
. e MALONE. 
I remember 


149 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFF, &c. 
I remember the players have often mentioned it as 
*© an honour to Shakſpeare, that in writing (whatſoever 


* he penned) he never blotted out a line“. My anſwer 


9 — that in writing ( whatſcewer be penned ) be never blotted out a 
line.] This is not true. They only ſay in their preface to his plays, 
that © his mind and hand went together, and what he thought, he 
uttered with that eaſineſs, that we have ſcarce received from him a blot 
in his papers.” On this Mr. Pope obſerves, that “there never was a 
more groundleſs report, or to the contrary of which there are more un- 
deniable evidences. As, the comedy of the Merry Wives of Windſor, 
which he entirely new writ; The Hiftory of Henry the Sixth, which 
was firſt publiſhed under the title of The Contention of York and Lan- 
caſter ; and that of Henry V. extremely improved; that of Hamlet en- 
larged to almoft as much again as at firſt, and many others.” 

Surely this is a very ſtrange kind of argument. In the firſt place 
this was not a report, (unleſs by that word we are to underſtand rela- 
rion, ) but a poſitive aſſertion, grounded on the beſt evidence that the 
nature of the ſubject admitted; namely, occular proof. The players 
Tay, in ſubſtance, that Shakſpeare had ſuch a happineſs of expreſſion, 
that, as they collect from his papers, he had ſe/dom occafion to alter 
the firſt words he had ſet down; in conſequence of which they found 
fearce a blot in his writings. And how is this refuted by Mr. Pope? 
By telling us, that a great many of his plays were enlarged by their 
authour. Allowing this to be true, which is by no means certain, if 
he had written twenty plays, each conſiſting of one thouſand lines, 
and afterwards added to each of them a thouſand more, would it 
therefore follow, that he had not written the firſt thouſand with faci- 
tity and correctneſs, or that thoſe muſt have been neceſſarily expungedy 
becauſe new matter was added to them? Certainly not. —But the 
truth is, it is by no means clear that our authour did enlarge all the 
plays mentioned by Mr. Pope, if even that would prove the point in- 
tended to be eſtabliſned. Mr. Pope was evidently deceived by the 
quarto copies. From the play of Henry V. being more perfect in the 
folio edition than in the quarto, nothing follows but that the quarto 
impreffion of that piece was printed from a mutilated and imperfe& 
copy, ſtolen from the theatre, or taken down by ear during the re- 
preſentation. What have been called the guarto copies of the Second 
and Third Parts of Ting Hevry YT. were in fact two old plays written 
before the time of Shakſpeare, and entitled The Firft Part of the Con- 
xention of the two bouſes of Yorke and Lancaſter, &c. and The true 
cragedy of Richard Duke of Yorke, &c. on which he conſtructed two 
new plays; juft as on the old plays of X. Jobn, and the Taming of @ 
Sbrew, he formed two other plays with nezrly the ſame titles. See 
the Diſſertation in Vol. VI. p. 381. | ; 7 

The tragedy of Hamlet in the firſt edition, (now extant,) that of 
3604, is ſaid to be “ enlarged to almoſt as much again as it was, ac- 

| cording 


8 N De * . r 8 n N * 
1 JJC (TTT 


F< 


— — 
* * * 7 
n 


OF WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 142 
c hath been, Would he had blotted a thoujfand! which. 
they thought a malevolent ſpeech. I had not told 
* poſterity this, but for their ignorance, who choſe that. 
« circumſtance to commend their friend by, wherein he 
«© moſt faulted : and to juſtify mine own candour, for 1 
4 loved the man, and do honour his memory, on this 
cc fide idolatry, as much as any, He was, indeed, ho- 
cc neſt, and of an open and free nature, had an excellent 
© fancy, brave notions, and gentle expreſſions; wherein. 
«© he flowed. with that facility, that ſometimes it was 
«© neceſſary he ſhould be ſtopped: Suflaminandus erat, 
© as Auguſtus ſaid of Haterius. His wit was in his own 
r power; would the rule of it had been ſo too. Many 
times he fell into thoſe things which could not eſcape 
t laughter; as when he ſaid in the perſon of Cæſar, one 
e ſpeaking to him, Ts 


c Ce/ar thou doſt me wwrong, 
% He replied: | | 
„ Cz/ar did never wrong, but with juſt cauſe. 


cording to the true and perfect copy.” What is to Be collected from 
this, but that there was a former imperfe# edition (I believe, in the 
year 1602) ? that the one we are now fpeaking of was enlarged to as 
much again as it was in the former mutilated impreſſion, and that this 
Is the genuine and perfect copy, the other imperfect and ſpurious ? 

The Merry Wives of W:ndſor, indeed, and Romeo and Juliet, and 
perhaps Love's Labour's Loft, our authour appears to have altered and 
amplified; and to X. Richard II. what is called the parliament- 
ſcene, ſeems to have been added; (though this lat is by no means cer- 
tain;) but neither will theſe augmentations and new-modellings diſ- 
prove what has been aſſerted by Shakſpeare's fellow-comedians con- 
cerning the facility of his writing, and the exquifite felicity of his firſt 
expreſſions. | | | 

The haſty ſketch of the Merry Wives of Windſor, which he is faid 
to have compoſed in a fortnight, he might have written without a 
blot; and three or four years afterwards, when he choſe to dilate his 
plan, he might have compoſed the additional fcenes without a blot 
likewiſe. In a word, ſuppoſing even that Nature had not endowe& 
him with that rich vein which he unqueſtionably poſſeſſed, he who 
in little more than twenty years produces thirty. four orthirty-five pieces 
for the age, has certainly not much time for expunging. Maton#. 


«© And 


142 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, &c. 
& and ſuch like, which were ridiculous; But he redeem- 
* ed his vices with his virtues : there was ever more ity 
„him to be praiſed than to be pardoned. ”?? 

As for the paſſage which he mentions out of Shak- 
ſpeare, there is ſomewhat like it in Fu/ius Cz/ar, but 
without the abſurdity ; nor did I ever meet with it in 
any edition that I have ſeen, as quoted by Mr. Jonſon *. 

Beſides his plays in this edition *, there are two or 
three aſcribed to him by Mr. Langbaine, which I have 
never ſeen, and know nothing of. He writ likewiſe 


x — nor did I ever meet with it in any edition that I haws ſtern, as 
quoted by Mr, Fonſon.] See Mr. Tyrwhitt's note, Vol. VII. p. 358, 
n. I. MaronE, 7 
2 Beſides his play! in this edition, there are two or three aſcribed ts 
him by Mr. Langbaine,] The Birth of Merlin, 1662, written by W. 
Rowley; the old play of King Fobn in two parts, 1591, on which 


Shakſpeare formed his King Jobn; and the Arraignment of Paris, 


1584, written by George Peele. 


The editor of the folio 1664, ſubjoined to the 36 dramas publiſhed - 
in 1623, ſeven plays, four of which had appeared in Shakſpeare's life- + 


time with his name in the title-page, viz, Pericles, Prince of Tyre, 
' 1609, Sir Fohn Oldcafile, 1600, The London Prodigal, 1605, and The 
Yorkſhire Tragedy, 1608; the three others which they inſerted, Locrine, 
1595, Lord Cromwell, 1602, and The Puritan, 1607, having been print- 
ed with the initials W.S. in the title-page, the editor chole to interpret 
thoſe letters to mean William Shakſpeare, and aſcribed them alſo to 


our poet. I publiſhed an edition of theſe ſeven pieces ſome years ago, 


freed in ſome meaſure from the groſs errors with which they had been 
exhibited in ancient copies, that the publick might ſee what they con- 
tained ; and do not heſitate to declare my firm perſuaſion that of 


Locrine, Lord Cromwell, Sir John Oldcaſtle, the London Prodigal, and | 


the Puritan, Shakſpeare did not write a ſingle line. 
How little the bookſellers of former times ſcrupled to affix the 
names of-celebrated writers to the productions of others, even in the 
life-time of ſuch celebrated authours, may be collected from Heyweod's 
Tranſlations from Ovid, which in 1612, while Shakſpeare was yet 
living, were aſcribed to him. See Vol. X. p. 321, n. 1. With the 
dead they would certainly make ſtill more free. This book” (ſays 
Anthony Wood, ſpeaking of a work to which the name of Sir Philip 
Sydney was prefixed) ( coming out ſo late, it is to be inquired whether 
Sir Philip Sydney's name is not ſet to it for ſale-ſake, being a uſual 
thing in theſe days to ſet a great name to a book or books, by ſharking 
bookſellers, or ſniveling writers, to get bread.* Athen, Oxon. Vol. I. 
P. 208. MALQNEs ö | | ; 


Venus 


3 


4s 
—* 
9 


OF WILLIAM sHAKSPEARE. 243 


Venus and Adonis, and Targuin and Lucrece, in ſtanzas, 
which have been printed in a late collection of poems *. 
As to the character given of him by Ben Jonſon, there is 
a good deal true in it: but I believe it may be as well 


expreſſed by what Horace ſays of the firſt Romans, who 


wrote tragedy upon the Greek models, (or indeed tranſ- 


lated them,) in his epiſtle to Auguſtus : 


naturd ſublimis & acer: „ 
Nam ſpirat tragicum ſatis, et feliciter audet, 
Sed turpem putat in chartis metuiique lituram. 


As I have not propoſed to myſelf to enter into a large 
and complete criticiſm upon Shakſpeare's works, ſo 1 
will only take the liberty, with all due ſubmiſſion to the 
judgment of others, to obſerve ſome of thoſe things 1 
have been pleaſed with in looking him over. | 

His plays are properly to be diſtinguiſhed. only into 


| comedies and tragedies. Thoſe which are called hiſto- 


ries, and even ſome of his comedies, are really tragedies, 
with a run or mixture of comedy amongſt them 3. That 
| way 


* —in a late collection of poems.) In the fourth volume of State 
Poems, printed in 1707. Mr. Rowe did not go beyond A late Collec- 


tion of Poems, and does not ſeem to have known that Shakſpeare alſo 


wrote 154 Sonnets, and a poem entitled A Lover's Complaints 
15 MALTLONE. 
3 — are really tragedies, with a run or mixture of comedy among fb 
them.] Heywood, our authour's contemporary, has ſtated the beſt de- 
fence that can be made for his intermixing lighter with the more feri- 
ous ſcenes of his dramas. | | 
It may likewiſe be objected, why amongſt ſad and grave hiſtories I 
have here and there inſerted fabulous jeſts and tales ſavouring of light- 
neſs. I anſwer, I have therein imitated our hiſtorical, and comical poets, 
that write to the ſtage, who, leſt the auditory ſhould be dulled with 
ſerious courſes, which are merely weighty and material, in every act 
preſent ſome Zany, with his mimick action to breed in the leſs capa- 
ble mirth and laughter; for they that <vrite to all, muſt ftrive to pleaſe 
all, And as ſuch faſhion themſelves to a multitude diverſely addicted, 
fo I to an univerſality of readers diverſely diſpoſed.*? 
| Pref, to Hiſtory of Women, 1624. MALONE. 


Ihe criticks who renounce tragi-comedy as barbarous, I fear, 
fpeak more 'from notions which they have formed in. their cloſets, 
than any well-built theory deduced from experience of what pleaſes 


or diſpleaſes, which ought to be the foundation of all rules. 1 
; ven 


6 * 
Ts: 


144 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, &c. 

way of tragi- comedy was the common miſtake of that 
age, and is indeed become ſo agreeable to the Engliffi 
taſte, that though the ſeverer criticks among us cannot 
bear it, yet the generality of eur audiences feem to be 
better pleaſed with it than with an exact tragedy. The 
Merry Wives of Windſor, The Comedy of Errors, and The 


Taming of a Shrew, are all pure comedy ; the reit, how- 


ever they are called, have ſomething of both kinds. It 
1s not very eaſy to determine which way of writing he 
was moſt excellent in. There is certainly a great deal 
of entertainment in his comical humours; and though 
they did not then ſtrike at all ranks of people; as the 


Even ſuppoſing there is no affectation in this refinement, and that 
thoſe criticks have really tried and-purified their minds till there is no 
droſs remaining, ſtill this can never be the caſe of a popular audi- 
ence, to which a dramatick repreſentation is referred,  _ : 

Dryden in one of his prefaces condemns his own conduct in the 
Spaniſ®Friarz but, ſays he, I did not write it to pleaſe myſelf; ir 
was given to the publick. Here is an involuntary confeffion that 


tragi-comedy is more pleaſing to the audience; I would aſk then, 


_ 


upon what ground it is condemned? | 

This ideal excellence of uniformity reſts upon a ſuppoſition that 
we are either more reſined, or a higher order of beings than we really 
are: there is no proviſion made for what may be called the animal 
part of our minds. | 

Though we ſhould acknowledge this paſſion for variety and con- 
trarieties to be the vice of our nature, it is till a propenſity which we 
all feel, and which he who undertakes to divert us muſt find pro- 
viſion for. 8 

We are obliged, it is true, in our purſuit after ſcience, or excellence 
in any art, to keep our minds ſteadily fixed for a long continuance ; it 
is a taſk we impoſe on ourſelves: but I do not wiſh to taſk myſelf in 
my amuſements. | | 

If the great obje& of the theatre is amuſement, a dramatick work 
muſt poſſeſs:every means to produce that effect; if it gives inſtruction, 
by the by, ſo much its merit is the greater; but that is not its 
principal object. The ground on which it ſtands, and which gives 
it a claim to the protection and encouragement of civiliſed ſociety, is 
not becauſe it enforces moral precepts, or gives inſtruction of any kind; 
but from the general-advantage that it produces, by habituating the 
mind to find its amuſement in intellectual pleaſures; weaning it from 
ſenſuality, and by degrees filing off, ſmoothing, and poliſhing, its 
rugged corners, S1R J. RETNOLDSS 8 | 8 


155 ſatire 


OF SHAKSPEARE. - 145 


| Fatire of the preſent age has taken the liberty to do, yet 


there is a pleaſing and a well-diſtinguiſned variety in 
thoſe characters which he thought fit to meddle with. 
Falſtaff is allowed by every body to be a maſter- piece; 
the character is always well ſuſtained, though drawn out 
into the length of three plays; and even the account of 
his death, given by his old landlady Mrs. Quickly, in 
the firſt act of Henry the Fifth, though it be extremely 
natural, is yet as diverting as any part of his life. If 
there be any fault in the draught he has made of this 
lewd old fellow, it is, that though he has made him a 
thief, lying, cowardly, vain-glorious, and in ſhort every 
way Vicious, yet he has given him ſo miuch wit as to 
make him almoſt too agreeable; and I do not know 
whether ſome people have not, in remembrante of the 
diverſion he had formerly afforded them, been ſorry to 
ſee. his friend Hal uſe him fo ſcurvily, when he comes 
to the crown in the end of The Second Part of Henry the 
Fourth, Amongſt other extravagancies, in The Merry 
Wives of Windjor he has made him a deer-ſtealet, that 
he might at the ſame time remember his Warwickſhire 
proſecutor, under the name of Juſtice Shallow ; he has 
given him 12 near the ſame coat of arms which Dug- 
dale, in his Antiguities of that county, deſcribes for a 


family there“, and makes the Welſh parſon deſcant very 


pleaſantly upon them. That whole play is admirable; 
the humours are various and well oppoſed ;' the main de- 


ſign, which is to cure Ford of his unreaſonable jealouſy, 


is extremely well conducted. In Twelfth-Night there is 
ſomething ſingularly ridiculous and pleaſant in the fan- 
taſtical ſteward Malvolio. The paraſite and the vain- 
glorious in Parolles, in Alls Well that Ends Well, is as 


good as any thing of that kind in Plautus or Terence. 


4 — the ſame coat of arms which Dugdale, in his Antiquities of that 
county, deſcribes for a family there] There are two coats, I obſerve, 


in Dugdale, where three filver fiſhes are borne in the name of Lucy 


and another coat to the monument of Thomas Lucy, ſon of Sir Wil- 


_ liam Lucy, in which are quartered in four ſeveral diviſions, twelve 


little fiſhes, three in each diviſion, probably luce: This very coat, 


indeed, ſeems alluded to in Shallow's giving the dozen white luces, and 


in Slender's ſaying be may quarter. THEOBALDs : 
Vor. 8 1 EK] os Petruchio, 


* 
ee 


146 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, &c. 

Petruchio, in The Taming of the Shrew, is an uncom- 
mon piece of humour. The converſation of Benedick 
and Beatrice, in Much Ado about Nothing, and of Roſa- 


lind, in 4s you like it, have much wit and ſprightlineſs 


all along. His clowns, without which character there 
was hardly any play writ in that time, are all very en- 
tertaining: and, I believe, Therſites in Troilus and 
Cre//ida,, and Apemantus in Timon, will be allowed to 
be maſter-pieces of ill-nature, and ſatirical ſnarling. 
To theſe I might add, that incomparable character of 
Shylock the Jew, in The Merchant of Venice; but though 
we have ſeen that play received and acted as a comedy, 
and the part of the Jew, performed by an excellent come- 
dian, yet I cannot but think it was deſigned tragically 
by the author. There appears in it ſuch a deadly ſpirit 
of revenge, ſuch. a ſavage fierceneſs and fellneſs, and: 
ſuch a bloody defignation of cruelty and miſchief, as 


cannot agree either with the ſtile or characters of come- 


dy. The play itſelf, take it altogether, ſeems to me to 


be one of the moſt finiſhed of any of Shakſpeare's.. The 


tale indeed, in that part relating to the caſkets, and the 
extravagant and unuſual kind of bond given by Antonio, 
is too much removed from the rules of probability; but 
taking the fa& for granted, we muſt allow it to be very 
beautifully written. There 1s ſomething in the friend- 
ſhip of Antonio to Baſſanio very great, generous, and 
tender. The whole fourth act (ſuppoſing, as I ſaid, the 
fact to be probable) is extremely fine. But there are 
two paſſages that deſerve a particular notice. The firſt 
is, what Portia ſays in praiſe of mercy, and the other 
on the power of muſick, The melancholy of Jaques, 


S but though wwe have ſeen that play received and afted as a 
comedy, —] In 1701 Lord Lanſdown produced his alteration of The 
Merchant of Venice, at the theatre in Lincoln's-Inn-Fields, under 
the title of The Few of Venice, and expreſsly calls it a comedy. Shy» 
lock was performed by Mr. Dogget.. Rx ED. x | 

And fuch was the bad taſte of our anceſtors that this piece continued 
to be a -ftock-play from 1/01 to Feb. 14, 1741, when the Merebant 
of Venice was exhibited for the firſt time at the theatre in Drury-Lane, 
and Mr. Macklin made his fir appearance ia the character of Shy+- 
lock. MAL ONE. mY F 


L 

= OF WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 147 
3 In As you like it, is as ſingular and odd as it is divert- 
ing. And if, what Horace ſays, 1 

I Difficile eft proprie communia dicere, FEE 


it will be a hard taſk for any one to go beyond him in 
the deſcription of the ſeveral degrees and ages of man's 
life, though the thought be old, and common enough. 


— All the world"s a ſtage, 8 
And all the men and women merely players; 
They have their exits and their entrances, 
And one man in his time plays many parts, 
His ads being . ſeven ages. At Arlt, the infant, 
Mewling and puking in the nurſe's arms: _ 
Then, the whining ſchovl-boy with his ſatchel, 
And ſhining morning face, creeping like ſnail 
Unwillin J, to ſchool, And then, the lower 
Sighing like. furnace, with a woeful ballad 
Made to his miftreſs* eye-brow. Then, a ſoldier; 
Fall of frange oaths, and bearded like the pard, 
Fealous in honour, fudden and quick in guarrel, 
Seeking the bubble reputation "243 
E' in the cannon's mouth. And then, the juſtice; 
1 round belly, with good capon lin d, 
ith eyes ſevere, and beard of formal cut, 

Full of wiſe ſaws and modern inſtances; _ 
And jo be plays his part. The fexth age ſhifts 
Into the lean and flipper'd pantaloon 
With ſpectacles on noſe, and pouch on fade z 

His youthful hoſe, well Jaw'd, a world too wide 
For his ſhrunk ſhank; and his big manly voice, 
Turning again tow'rd childiſh treble, pipes 


4 f And whiſtles in his found : Laſt ſcene of all, 
4 That 5 this ſtrange eventful hiſtory, 


L. ſecond childiſpneſs, and mere obliuion; 
Sans teeth, ſans eyes, ſans taſte, ſans every thing. 


His images are indeed every where ſo lively, that the 


*Z thivg he would repreſent ſtands full before you, and you 
1 poſſeſs every part of it, I will venture to point out 


1 7 [K 2] one 


| 
| 
| 
| 
| 


148 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, æc. 


one more, which is, I think, as ſtrong and as uncom- 
mon as any thing I ever ſaw; it is an image of Pati- 
ence, Speaking of a maid in love, he ſays, 


— he never told her love, 

But let concealment, like a worm i th* bud, 
Feed on her damaſk cheek: ſhe pin d in thought, 
And ſate like Patience on à monument, 

Smiling at Grief. | | 


What an image is here given! and what a taſk would it 
have been for the greateſt -maſters of Greece and Rome 
to have expreſſed the paſſions defigned by this ſketch of 
Ratuary ! The ſtile of his comedy is, in general, natural 
to the characters, and eaſy in itſelf; and the wit moſt 
commonly ſprightly and pleaſing, except in thoſe places 
where he runs into doggerel rhimes, as in The Comedy of 
Errors, and ſome other plays. As for his jingling ſome- 
times, and playing upon words, it was the common vice 
of the age he lived in: and if we find it in the pulpit, 
made ule of as an ornament to the ſermons of ſome of 
the graveſt divines of thoſe times, perhaps it may not 
be thought too light for the ſtage. | 
But certainly the greatneſs of this author's genius does 
no where ſo much appear, as where he gives his imagi- 
nation an entire looſe, and raiſes his fancy to a flight 
above mankind, and the hmits of the viſible world. 
Such are his attempts in T he Tempeſt, Mid/ummer Night's 
Dream, Macbeth, and Hamlet, Of theſe, The Tempe}, 
however it comes to be placed the firſt by the publiſhers 
of his works, can never have been the firſt written by 
him: it ſeems to me as perfect in its kind, as almoſt any 
thing we have of his, One may obſerve, that the unities 
are opt here, with an exactneſs uncommon to the liber- 
ties of his writing; though that was what, I ſuppoſe; he 
valued himſelf leaſt upon, ſince his excellencies were all 
of another kind, I am very ſenſible that he does, in 
this play, depart too much from that likeneſs to truth 
which ought to be obſerved in theſe ſort of writings; yet 
| e e | he 


— 


n S e 
EA oO EEE Cole 
323 8 ; 


OF WILLIAM SHARSPEARE, 149 


he does it ſo very finely, that one is eaſily drawn in to 
have more faith for his ſake, than reaſon does well allow 
of. His magick has ſomething in it very ſolemn, and 
very poetical: and that extravagant character of Caliban 
is mighty well ſuſtained, ſhews a wonderful invention in 
the author, who could ſtrike out ſuch a particular wild 
image, and is certainly one of the fineſt and moſt un- 
common groteſques that ever was ſeen. The obſervation, 
which I have been informed three very great men con- 
curred in making“ upon this part, was extremely juſt; 


that Shakſpeare had not only found out a new character 


in his Caliban, but had alſo deviſed and adapted a new 


manner of language for that character. | 
It is the ſame magick that raiſes the Fairies in Mid- 


ſummer Night's Dream, the Witches in Macbeth, and the 


Ghoſt in Hamlet, with thoughts and language ſo proper 
to the parts they ſuſtain, and ſo peculiar to the talent of 
this writer. But of the two laſt of theſe plays I ſhall. 
have occaſion to take notice, among the tragedies of 
Mr. Shakſpeare. If one undertook to examine the 
greateſt part of theſe by thoſe rules which are eſtabliſhed 
by Ariſtotle, and taken from the model of the Grecian 
ſtage, it would be no very hard taſk to find a great many 
faults; but as Shakſpeare lived under a kind of mere 
light of nature, and .had never been made acquainted 
with the regularity of thoſe written precepts, ſo 1t would 
be hard to judge him by a law he knew nothing of. We 
are to conſider him as a man that lived in a ftate of al- 
molt univerſal licence and ignorance: there was no 
eſtabliſhed judge, but every one took the liberty to write 
according to the dictates of his own fancy. When one 
conſiders, that there is not one play before him of a re- 


© .— which, T have been informed, three very great men concarred in 
making—} Lord Falkland, Lord C. J. Vaughan, and Mr. Selden. 
| ü RowEg 

Dryden was of the ſame opinion, “ His perſon” (ſays he, ſpeakin 
of Caliban,) is monſtrous, as he is the product of unnatural luſt, — 
his language is as hobgoblin as his perſons in all things he is diſtin- 
gaiſhed from other mortals.” Pyeface to Troilus and a | 

: : ALONEs 


LK 3] putation 


150. SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, &c. 


putation good enough to entitle it to an appearance on 
the preſent ftage, it cannot but be a matter of great 
wonder that he ſhould. advance dramatick poetry ſo far 
as he did. The fable is what is generally placed the 
firſt, among thoſe that are reckoned the conſtituent parts 
of a tragick or heroick poem ; not, perhaps, as it is the 
moſt difficult or beautiful, but as it is the firſt properly 
to be thought of in the contrivance and courſe of the 
whole; and with the fable ought.to be conſidered the fit 
diſpoſition, order, and conduct of its ſeveral parts. As 
it is not in this province of the drama that the ftrength 
and maſtery of Shakſpeare lay, fo I ſhall not undertake 
the tedious and ill- natured trouble to point out the ſeve- 
ral faults he was guilty of in it. His tales were feldom 
invented, but rather taken either from the true hiſtory, 
or novels and romances :. and he commoniy made uſe of 
them in that order, with thoſe incidents, and that ex- 
tent of time in which he found them in the authors from 
"whence he borrowed them. 80 the Winter's Tale, which 
is taken from an old book, called the Delectable Hiſtory 
of Doraſtus and Faaunia, contains the ſpace of ſixteen or 
eventeen years, and the ſcene is ſometimes laid in Bo- 
hemia; and ſometimes in Sicily, according to the origi. 
nal order of the ſtory. Almoſt all his hiſtorical plays 
comprehend a great length of time, and very different 
and diſtinct places: and in his Antony and Cleopatra, the 
ſcene travels over the greateſt part of the Roman empire. 
But in recompence for his careleſſneſs in this point, 
when he comes to another part of the drama, he manners 
. of his characters, in acting or ſpeaking what is proper for 
them, and fit to be fſhewn by the poet, he may be generally 
juſtified, and in very many places greatly commended. 
For thoſe plays which he has taken from the Engliſh or 
Roman hiſtory, let any man compare them, and he will 
find the character as exact in the poet as the hiſtorian, 
He ſeems indeed ſo far from propoſing to himſelf any one 
action for a ſubject, that the title very often tells you, it 
is The Life of King John, King Richard, &c. What can 
be more agreeable to the idea our hiſtorians give of 
e ee Agha 8 e Awe 


: "> * 
——— — 
— 8 


n 
— — 


23 
—_—_ PRES; 


—— 


* 1 
ww + + g — 


* % 
« 
. — 
—— 


— — 


=y 


. 


e Y 
7 * e 
3 8 RG 


- EO 25 


bf d a M " 
TATE, Gay 55 \ S oy ne RN 
1 n 4 * Ad p ens >» Ws * 
CTT 
9 A a 1 
2 > | 8 


r 
: * * 


OF WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 151 


Heury the Sixth, than the picture Shakſpeare has drawn 
of him! His manners are every where exactly the ſame 
with the ſtory; one finds him ſtill deſcribed with ſimpli- 


city, paſſive ſanctity, want of courage, weakneſs of 


mind, and eaſy ſubmiſſion to the governance of an im- 
perious wife, or prevailing faction: though at the ſame 
time the poet does juſtice to his good qualities, and 
moves the pity of his audience for him, by ſewing him 
pious, diſintereſted, a contemner of the things of this 


world, and wholly reſigned to the ſevereſt diſpenſations 
of God's providence. There is a ſhort ſcene in the 


Second Part of Henry the Sixth, which I cannot but think 
admirable in its kind. Cardinal Beaufort, who had 
murdered the Duke of Glouceſter, is ſhewn in the laſt 
agonies on his death-bed, with the good king pray! 

over him. There is ſo much terror in one, ſo A. 


_ tenderneſs and moving piety in the other, as muſt touch 


any one who is capable either of fear or pity. In his 
Henry the Eighth, that prince is drawn with that great- 
neſs of mind, and all thoſe good qualities which are at- 


| tributed to him in any account of his reign, If his 


faults are not ſhewn in an equal degree, and the ſhades 
in this picture do not bear a juſt proportion to the lights, 
it is not that the artiſt wanted either colours or fk11l in 
the diſpoſition of them; but the truth, I believe, might 
be, that he forbore doing it out of regard to queen 
Elizabeth, fince it could have been no very great reſpe&t 
to the memory of his miſtreſs, to have expoſed {ome cer- 
tain parts of her father's life upoa the ſtage. He has 
dealt much more freely with the miniſter of that great 
king; and certainly nothing was ever more juſtly writ- 
ten, than the character of Cardinal Wolſey. He has 
ſhewn him inſolent in his proſperity; and yet, by 2 
wonderful addreſs, he makes his fall and ruin the ſub- 


ject of general compaſſion. The whole man, with his 


vices and virtues, is finely and exactly deſcribed in the 
ſecond ſcene of the fourth act. The diſtreſſes likewiſe 
of Queen Catharine, in this play, are very mei 
touched; and though the art of the poet has ſcreenec 

5 K 41 King 


$ 


152 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LIFE, &c, 


King Henry from any groſs imputation of injuſtice, yet 
one is inclined to wiſh, the Queen had met with a for- 
tune more worthy of her birth and virtue. Nor are the 


manners, proper to the perſons repreſented, leſs juſtly 


obſerved, in thoſe characters taken from the Roman 


hiſtory; and of this, the fierceneſs and impatience of 


Coriolanus, his courage and diſdain of the common 
people, the virtue and philoſophical temper of Brutus, 
and the irregular greatneſs of mind in M. Antony, are 
beautiful proofs. For the two laſt eſpecially, you 


find them exactly as they are deſcribed by Plutarch, 


from whom certainly Shakſpeare copied them. He has 
indeed followed his original prett cloſe, and taken in 
ſeveral little incidents Aae mlght halve been ſpared in a 
play. But, as I hinted before, his deſign ſeems moſt 
commonly rather to deſcribe thoſe great men in the 
ſeveral fortunes and accidents of their lives, than to take 
any ___ great action, and form his work ſimply upon 
that. However, there are ſome of his pieces, where 
the fable is founded upon one action only, Such are 
more eſpicially, Romeo and Juliet, Hamlet, and Othello. 


The deſign in Romeo and Fuliet is plainly the puniſh, - 


ment of their two families, for the unreaſonable feuds 


and animoſities that had been ſo long kept up between 


them, and occaſioned the effuſion of ſo much blood, In 
the management of this ſtory, he has ſhewn ſomething 

"wonderfully tender and paſſionate in the love-part, and 
very pitiful in the diſtreſs. Hamlet is founded an much 
the ſame tale with the Electra of Sophocles. In each of 
-them a young prince is engaged to revenge the death of 
his father, their mothers are equally guilty, are both 
concerned in the murder of their huſbands*®, and are af- 
terwards married to the murderers. There is in the firſt 
part of the Greek tragedy ſomething very moving in the 


grief of Electra; but, as Mr. Dacier has obſerved, there 


5 — are beth concerned in the murder of their huſbands,] It does not 

appear that Hamlet's mother was concerned in the death of her huſ- 

: band. MALONR. %%% K ‚ Y „00 2 538 Os 0 — 
woes > . 

| | a 13 


Lv 


OF WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE., 153 


is ſomething very unnatural and ſhocking in the man- 
ners he has given that Princeſs and Oreſtes in the latter 
art. Oreſtes imbrues his hands in the blood of his own 
mother; and that barbarous action is performed, though 
not immediately upon the ſtage, yet ſo near, that the 
audience hear Clytemneſtra crying out to /Egyſthus for 
help, and to her ſon for mercy: while Electra her 
daughter, and a Princeſs, (both of them characters that 
- ought to have appeared with more decency,) ſtands upon 
the ſtage, and encourages her brother in the parricide. 
What horror does this not raiſe! Clytemneſtra was a 
wicked woman, and had deſerved to die; nay, in the 
truth of the ſtory, ſhe was killed by her own ſon; but 
to repreſent an action of this kind on the ſtage, is cer- 
tainly an offence againſt thoſe rules of manners proper to 
the perſons, that ought to be obſerved there. On the 
contrary, let us only look a little on the conduct of 
Shakſpeare. Hamlet is repreſented with the ſame piety 
towards his father, and reſolution to revenge his death, 
as Oreſtes; he has the ſame abhorrence for his mother's 
guilt, which, to provoke him the more, is heightened 
by inceſt: but it is with wonderful art and juſtneſs of 
judgment, that the poet reſtrains him from doing vio- 
lence to his mother. To prevent any thing of that kind, 
he makes his father's Ghoſt forbid that part of his ven- 
geance? | | 
But howſoever thou purſu'ft this act, 
T aint not thy mind, nor let thy foul contrive 
Againſt thy mother aught ; leave her to heaw'n, 
And to thoſe thorns that in her boſom lodge, 
To prick and fting her. 


This is to diſtinguiſh rightly between Horror and terror. 
The latter is a proper paſſion of tragedy, but the former 
ought always to be carefully avoided. And certainly no 
dramatick writer ever ſucceeded better in raiſing terror 
in the minds of an audience than Shakſpeare has done. 
The whole tragedy of Macbeth, but more eſpecially the 
icene where the King is murdered, in the ſecond act, as 
. | | | er 


154 SOME ACCOUNT OF THE LI PE, xc. 


well as this play, is a noble proof of that manly ſpirit 
with which he writ; and both ſhew how powerful he 


was, in giving the ſtrongeſt motions to our ſouls that 


they are capable of. I cannot leave Hamlet, without 
taking notice of the advantage with which we have ſeen 
this maſter-piece of Shakſpeare diſtinguiſh itſelf upon 
the ſtage, by Mr. Betterton's fine performance of that 
part. A man, who, though he had no other good quali- 
ties, as he has a great many, muſt have made his way 
Into the eſteem of all men of letters, by this only excel- 
lency. No man is better acquainted with Shakſpeare's 


manner of expreſſion, and indeed he has ſtudied him ſo 
well, and is ſo much a maſter of him, that whatever 


part of his he performs, he does it as if it had been 
written on purpoſe for him, and that the author had 
exactly conceived it as he plays it. I muſt own a par- 


ticular obligation to him, for the moſt conſiderable part 


of the paſſages relating to this life, which I have here 
tranſmitted to the public his veneration for the me- 
mory of Shakſpeare having engaged him to make a 
Journey into Warwickſhire, on purpoſe to gather u 

what remains he could, of a name 3 he had £ 
great a veneration 7. 7 


7 .mof @ name for wwbich be bad 2 great à veneration.] Mr. 


Betterton was born in 1635, and had many opportunities of colle&- 


ing information relative to Shakſpeare, but unfortunately the age in 
- - which he lived was not an age of curioſity. Had either he or Dryden 


or Sir William D*Avenant taken the trouble to viſit o'r poet's youngeſt 
daughter, who lived till 1662, or his grand-daughter, who did not 
die till 1670, many particulars might have been preſerved which are 
now irrecoverably loſt, Shakſpeare's ſiſter, Joan Hart, who was only 
five years younger than him, died at Stratford in Nov. 1646, at the 
age of ſeventy fix; and from her undoubtedly his two daughters, and 
his giand-daughter Lady Barnard, had learned ſeveral circumſtances 


of his early hiſtory antecedent to the year 1600, MATLONE. 


This Account of the Life of Shakſpeare is printed from Mr. Rowe's 
ſecond edition, in which it had been abridged and altered by himſelf 
after its appearance in 1709, STEEVENS. | 


- 


PX 


* 
* 
” 
7 
* 
5 
2%. 
* 
u 
—— 
x” 
B 
Ko 
72 
> 
1 1 
* 
5 
2 
2 
7 


appellation of, Shak/peare's boys. Jounson. 


Fo the foregoing Accounts of SaEAKSPEARE'S Live, 7 


hae only one Paſſage ts add, which Mr. Pope related, 


as communicated to him by Mr. Rowe, 


N the time of Elizabeth, coaches being yet uncom- 

mon, and hired coaches not at all in uſe, thoſe who 
were too proud, too tender, or too idle to walk, went on 
horſeback to any diſtant buſineſs or diverſion. Many 
came on horſeback to the play“, and when Shakſpeare 
fled to London from the terror of a criminal proſecution, 


his firſt expedient was to wait at the door of the play- 


houſe, and hold the horſes of thoſe that had no ſervants, 


that they might be ready again after the performance. 
In this office he became ſo conſpicuous for his care and 
readineſs, that in a ſhort time every man as he alighted 


called for Will. Shakſpeare, and ſcarcely any other 


waiter was truſted with a horſe while Will. Shakſpeare 


could be had. This was the firſt dawn of better fortune. 
Shakſpeare, finding more horſes put into his hand than 
he could hold, hired boys to wait under his inſpection, 
who, when Will. Shakſpeare was ſummoned, were im- 
mediately to preſent themſelves, I am Shakfpeare's boy, 
Sir, In time Shakſpeare found higher employment; 
but as long as the practice of riding to the play-houſe 
continued, the waiters that held the horſes retained t 


Many came an horſeback to the play,] Plays were at this time pers 
formed in-the afternoon. The pollicie of plaies is very necellary, 
howſoever ſome thallow-brained cenſurers (not the drepeſt ſearchers 
into the ſecrets of government) mightily oppugne them. For whereas 
the afternoon being the idleſt time of the day wherein men that are 
their own maſters (as gentlemen of the court, the innes of the court, 


and a number of captains and ſoldiers about London) do wholly be- 


ſtow themſelves upon pleaſure, and that pleaſure they divide (how 


vertuouſly it ſkills not) either in gaming, following of harlots, drink. 


ing, or ſeeing a play, is it not better (ſince of four extieames all the 
world cannot keepe them bat they will chooſe one) that they ſhould 


| betake them to the leaſt, which is plaies? Naſh's Pierce Pennileſſe Eis 


Supplication to the Devil, 1592. STEEVENS. 
* — the waiters that held the hor ſes retained the appellation of Shak 

ſpeare's boys. ] I cannot diſmiſs this anecdote without obſerving that it 

B33 0 ſeems 


rs Ares 


r 9 


M r. 


4 * 2:2. a= 
< — 


[ 1 
F 

of (a 
a; ff 
[4 ; 
at 

& 
ot 


156 ADDITIONAL ANECDOTES 


Mr. Rowe has told us that he derived the principal 


anecdotes in his account of Shakſpeare, from Betterton 
1 85 | the 


feems to want every mark of 8 | Though Shakſpeare quitted 


Stratford on account of a juvenile irregularity, we have no reaſon to ſup- 


poſe that he had forfeited the protection of his father who was engaged 
in a lucrative buſineſs, or the love of his wife who had already brought 
him two children, and was herſelf the daughter of a ſubſtantial yeo- 
man. It is unlikely therefore, when he was beyond the reach of his 
proſecutor, that he ſhould conceal his plan of life, or place of refidence, 
from thoſe who, if he found himſelf diſtreſſed, could not fail to afford 
him ſuch ſupplies as would have ſet him above the neceſſity of holding 
bores for ſubſiſtence. Mr. Malone has remarked in his Attempt te 
aſcertain the Order in which the 5 jo of Shakſpeare were wpritten, that 

he might have found an eaſy introduction to the ſtage; for Thomas 
Green, a celebrated comedian of that period, was his townſman, 
and perhaps his relation. The genius of our author prompted him to 
write poetry; his connection with a player might have given his pro- 
ductions a dramatick turn; or his own ſagacity might have taught 
him that fame was not incompatible with profit, and that the theatre 

was an avenue to both. That it was once the cuſtom to ride on horſe. 
back to the play, I am likewiſe yet to learn, The moſt popular of 
the theatres were on the Bank- ſide; and we are told by the ſatirical 
pamphleteers of the time, that the uſual mode of conveyance to theſe 
places of amuſement, was by water: but not a ſingle writer ſo much 
as hints at the cuſtom of riding to them, or at the practice of having 


| horſes held during the hours of exhibition. Some alluſion to this 


uſage (if it had exiſted) muſt, I think, have been diſcovered in the 
courſe of our reſearches after contemporary faſhions. Let it be re- 
membered too, that we receive this tale on no higher authority than 
that of Cibber's Lives of the Poets, Vol. I. p. 130. „ Sir William 
Davenant told it to Mr. Betterton, who communicated. it to Mr. 
Rowe,” who (according to Dr. Johnſon) related it to Mr. Pope. 
Mr. Rowe (if this intelligence be authentick) ſeems to have concurred 
with me in opinion, as he forebore to introduce a circumſtance ſo in- 
credible into his life of Shakſpeare. As to the book which furniſhes 
the anecdote, not the ſmalleſt part of it was the compoſition of Mr. 
Cibber, being entirely written by a Mr. Shiells, amanuenſis to Dr, 
Johnſon, when his Dictionary was preparing for the preſs, T. Cibber 


vas in the King's Bench, and accepted of ten guineas from the book- 


ſellers for leave to prefix his name to the work; and it was purpoſely 
ſo prefixed as to leave the reader in doubt whether himſelf or his father 
was the perſon deſigned. STEEZVENS..- - . | | 
Mr. Steevens in one particular is certainly miſtaken. To the 
theatre in Blackfriars I have no doubt that many gentlemen rode in 
the time of Queen Elizabeth and K. James I. From the Strand, 
e HNHolbern; 


OF SHAKSPEARE. 157 


the player, whoſe zeal had induced him to viſit Stratford 
for the ſake of procuring all poſſible intelligence con- 
cerning a poet to whoſe works he might juſtly think him- 
ſelf under the ſtrongeſt obligations. Notwithſtanding 
this aſſertion, in the manuſcript papers of the late Mr. 
Oldys it is ſaid, that one Boman (according to Chet- 
wood, p. 143, an actor more than half an age on the 
London theatres”) was unwilling to allow that his aſſo- 
ciate and contemporary Betterton had ever undertaken 
ſuch a journey“. Be this matter as it will, the following 
particulars, which I ſhall give in the words of Oldys, 
are, for aught we know to the contrary, as well authen- 
ticated as any of the anecdotes delivered down to us b 

Rowe. DO | 


Holborn, Biſhopſgate-ſtreet, &c. where many of the nobility lived, 
they could indeed go no other way than on foot, or on horſeback, or 
in coaches; and coaches till after the death of Elizabeth were ex- 
tremely rare. Many of the gentry therefore certainly went to that 
play-houſe on horſeback. See the proofs, in the Eſſay above referred to. 

This however will not eſtabliſh the tradition relative to our authour's 
firſt employment at the play-houſe, which ſtands on a very ſlender 
foundation. MaroNE. 

* ie is ſaid that one Boman—vas unwilling to belirve that his 
aſſociate and contemporary Betterton had ever undertaken ſuch a jour- 
ney .] This aſſertion of Mr. Oldys is altogether unworthy of credit, 

Why any doubt ſhould be entertained concerning Mr, Betterton's hav- 
ing viſited Stratford, after Rowe's poſitive aſſertion that he did ſo, it 
is not eaſy to conceive, Mr. Rowe did not go there himſelf; and how 
could he have collected the few circumſtances relative to Shakſpeare 
and his family, which he has told, if he had not obtained irforma- 
tion from.ſome friend who examined the Regiſter of the pariſh of 
Stratford, and made perſonal inquiries on the ſubject ? 

66 Boman, we are told, „was unwilling to" believe, &c. But 
the fact diſputed did not require any exerciſe of his belief. Mr. Bo- 
man was married to the daughter of Sir Francis Watſon, Bart, the 
gentleman with whom Betterton joined in an adventure to the Eaſt 
Indies, whoſe name the writer of Betterton's Life in Biographia Bri- 
tannica has fo ſtudiouſly concealed. By that unfortunate ſcheme 
Betterton loſt above 20001, Dr. Ratcliffe 6co0l. and Sir Francis Wat- 
ſon his whole fortune, On his death ſoon after the year 1692, Bet- 
terton generouſly took his daughter under his protection, and educated 
her in his houſe. Here Baman married her; from which period he 
continued to live in the moſt friendly correſpondence with Mr, Bet- 
terton, and muſt have knozwn whether he went to Stratford or not. 

| : Maronr, 


Mr. 


18 ADDITIONAL ANECDOTES 

Mr. Oldys had covered ſeveral quires of paper with 
laborious colle&ions for a regular life of our author; 
From theſe I have made the following extracts, which 
(however trivial) contain the only circumſtances that 
wear the leaſt appearance of novelty or information; 
the ſong in p. 106, excepted. | 


* 


ce Tf tradition may be truſted, Shak ſpeare often baited 
at the Crown Inn or Tavern in Oxford, in his journey 
to and from London. The landlady was a woman of 
great beauty and ſprightly wit; and her huſband, Mr. 
John Davenant, (afterwards mayor of that city) a grave 
melancholy man ; who, as well as his wife, uſed much to 
delight in Shakſpeare's pleaſant company. Their ſon 
young Will Davenant (afterwards Sir William) was 
then a little ſchool-boy in the town, of about ſeven or 
eight years old3, and ſo fond alſo of Shakſpeare, that 
whenever he heard of his arrival, he would fly from 
ſchool to ſee him. One day an old townſman obſerving 
the boy running homeward almoſt out of breath, aſked 
him whither he was poſting in that heat and hurry. He 
anſwered, to ſee his god-tather Shakſpeare. There's a 
good boy, ſaid the other, but haye a care that you don't 
take God's name in vain. This ſtory Mr. Pope told me 
at the Earl of Oxford's table, upon occaſion of ſome 
diſcourſe which aroſe about Shakſpeare's monument then 
newly erected in Weſtminſter Abbey +; and he quoted 
N | : Mr, 
3. of about ſeven or eight years old,] He was born at Oxford in 
February, 1605-0 MarLoNE. - | 
4 — Shakſpeare's monument then nexvly erected in Weflminſter Abbey ;] 
tc This monument,” fays Mr. Granger, was erected in 174, by the 
direction of the Earl of Burlington, Dr. Mead, Mr, Pope, and Mr. 
Martin. Mr. Fleetwood and Mr. Rich gave each of them a bepefit 
towards it, from one of Shakſpeare's own plays. It was executed 
by H. Scheemaker, after a defign of Kent. | 
« On the monument is inſctibed—amor publicus poſuits Dr. Mead 
odjected to amor publicus, as not occurring in old claſſical inſcriptions ; 
but Mr. Pope and the other gentlemen concerned igfiſting that it 


ſhould ſtand, Dr. Mead yielded the point, ſaying, | . 
Omnia vincit amor, et nos cedamus amori. 1 
| eta ; 5 8 This 


U 
7 
by. : 
E . 
EE 
— ö 
= f 


— aro» * 


— 


OF SHAKSPEARE. 159 
Mr. Betterton the player for his authority. I anſwered 
that 1 thought ſuch a ſtory might have enriched the va- 
riety of thoſe choice fruits of obſervation he has preſented 
us in his preface to the edition he had publiſhed of our 
poet's works. He replied—** There might be in the 
garden of mankind ſuch plants as would ſeem to pride 
themſelves more in a regular production of their own 


cc This anecdote was communicated by Mr. Lort, late Greek Pro- 
feſſor of Cambridge, who had it from Dr. Mead himſelf.” 

It was recorded at the time in the Genr/eman's Magazine for Feb. 

1741, by a writer who objects to every part of the inſcription, and 

ſays it ought to have been, G. S. centum viginti et quatuor poſt 

ebitum annis populus plaudens | aut favens] poſuit.“ 

The monument was opened Jan. 29, 1741. Scheemaker is ſaid 
to have got 3col. for his work. The performers at each houſe, muck 
to their honour, performed gratis; and the dean and chapter of Weſt- 
minſter took nothing for the ground. The money received by the per- 
formance at Drury-Lane, amounted to above 200l. the receipts at 
Covent-Garden to about 1col, I heſe particulars J learn from Qldys's 
Mi. notes on Langbaine. ; | 

The ſcroll on the monument, as I-Jearn from a letter to my father, 
dated June 27, F741, remained for ſome time after the monument was 
ſet up, without any inſcription on it. This was a challenge to the 
wits of the time; which one of them accepted by writing a copy of 
verſes, the ſubject of which was a converſation ſuppoſed to paſs be- 
tween Dr. Mead and Sir Thomas Hanmer, relative to the filling up of 
the ſcroll, I know not whether they are in print, and I do not chooſe 
to quote them all. The introduQtory lines, however, run thus; 


4 To learned Mead thus Hanmer ſpoke : 
* Doctor, this empty ſeroll's a joke. 
« Something it doubtleſs ſhould contain, 
« Extremely ſhort, extremely plain; 
6 But wondrous deep, and wondrous pat, ; 
« And fit for Shakſpeare to point at; &c. MALoxx. 


At Drury-Lane was acted Julius Ceſar, 28th April 1738, when a 
prologue written by Benjamin Martin, Eſq. was ſpoken by Mr. Quin, 
and an Epilogue by James Noel, Eſq. ſpoken by Mrs. Porter. Both 
theſe are printed in tbe General Dictionary. At Covent-Garden was 
ated Hamlet, roth April 1739, when a prologue written by Mr. 
Theobald, and printed in the London Magazine of that year, wat 
ſpoken by Ryan. In the newſpaper of the day it was obſerved that 
this laſt repreſentation was far from being numerouſiy ER ? 

TE VVV EE D. 
native 


——_ — . o 
HD, ag > * 


160 ADDITIONAL ANECDOTES 


native fruits, than in having the repute of bearing 
a richer kind by grafting; and this was the reaſon 
he omitted it 5,” Z ES 
The ſame ftory, without the names of the perſons, is 
rinted among the jeſts of John Taylor the Water poet, 
in his works, folio, 1630, page 184, No 39: and, with 
ſome variations, may be found in one of Hearne's pocket 
books yh 7 | = - 
„ One 


5 wand this vas the reaſon he omitted it.] Mr. Oldys might have 
added, that be was the perſon who ſuggeſted to Mr. Pope the ſingular 
courſe which he purſued in his edition of Shakſpeare, © Remember” 
(fays Oldys in a Mf. note to his copy of Langbaine, Article, Shak= 
ſprare,) „What I obſerved to my Lord Oxford for Mr. Pope's uſe, out 
of Cowley's preface,” The obſervation here alluded to, I believe, is one 
made by Cowley in his preface, p. 53. edit. 1710, 8vo, & This has 
been the caſe with Shakſpeare, Fletcher, Jonſon, and' many others, 
part of whoſe poems I ſhould take the boldneis to prune and /op away, 
if the care of replanting them in print did belong to me; neither would 
I make any ſcruple to cut off from ſome the unneceſſary young ſuckers, 
and from others the old withered branches; for a great wit is no more 
tied to live in a vaſt volume, than in a gigantick body; on the con- 
trary it is commonly more vigorous the leſs ſpace it animates, and a2 
Statius ſays of little Tydeus, Te 
- totos infuſa per artus, 

Major in exiguo regnabat corpore virtus ?“ 

Pope adopted this very unwarrantable idea; ſtriking out from the 
text of his authour whatever he did not like: and Cowley himſelf has 
ſuffered a ſort of poetical puniſhment for having ſuggeſted it, the 
learned biſhop of Worceſter [Dr. Hurd] having pruned and lopped away 
his beautiful luxuriances, as Pope, on Cowley's ſuggeſtion, did thoſe 
of Shakſpeare. MAL ONE. . | 

6 The ſame flory—may be found in one of Hearne's pocket books.] 
Antony Wood is the firſt and original author of the anecdote that 
Shakſpeare, in his journies from Warwickſhire to London, uſed to 
bait at the Crown-inn on the weſt fide of the corn-market in Oxford. 
He ſays, that Davenant the poet was born in that houſe in 1606. 
«© His father (he adds) John Davenant, was a ſufficient vintner, kept 
te the tavern now known by the ſign of the Crown, and was mayor of 
dc the ſaid city In 1621. His mother was a very beautiful woman, of 
« a good wit and converſation, in which ſhe was imitated by none 
« of her children but by this Villiam [the poet], The father, who 
4c Was a very grave and diſcreet citizen, (yet an admirer and lover of 
© plays and play-makers, eſpecially Shakſpeare, who r r 

CS 66 hou „ 


OF SHAEK SPE ARE. 161 


t One of Shakſpeare's younger brothers 7, who lived 


to a good old age, even ſome years, as I compute, after 

| the 
& houſe in his journies between Watwickſhire and London) was of a 
& melancholick diſpoſition, and was ſeldom or never ſeen to laugh, 
& in which he was imitated by none of his children but by Robert his 
c eldeſt ſon, afterwards fellow of St. John's college, and a venerable 
6 Doctor of Divinity,” Wood's Atb. Oxon. . Vol. II. p. 292. edit. 
1692. I will not ſuppoſe that Shakſpeare could have been the father 
of a Doctor of Divinity who never laughed: but it was always a con- 
ſtant tradition in Oxford that Shakſpeare was the father of Davenant 
the poet. And I have ſeen this circumſtance expreſsly mentioned in 
ſome of Wood's papers. Wood was well qualified to know theſe 
- particulars; for he was a townſman of Oxford, where he was 
born in 1632. Wood ſays, that Davenant went to ſchool in Ox- 
ford. Ubi ſupr. 


As to the Crown-Tan, it ſtill remains as an inn, and is an old de- 


cayed houſe, but probably was once a principal inn in Oxford, It js 


directly in the road from Stratford to London. In a large upper 
room, which ſeems to have been a ſort of Hall for entertaining a large 
company, or for accommodating (as was the cuſtom) different parties 
at once, there was a bow-window, with three pieces of excellent 
painted glaſs, About eight years ago, I remember viſiting this room, 
and propoſing to purchaſe of the landlord the painted glaſs, which 
would have been a curiofity as coming from Shakſpeare's inn. But 
going thither ſoon after, J found it was removed; the inn-keeper hav- 
ing communicated my intended bargain to the owner of the houſe, 
who began to ſuſpect that he was poſſeſſed of a curioſity too valuable 
to be parted with, or to remain in ſuch a'place : and I never could 
hear of it afterwards. If I remember right, the painted glaſs con- 
ſiſted of three armorial ſhields beautifully ſtained. I have ſaid ſo 
much on this ſubject, beeaufe I think that Shakſpeare's old hoſtelry 
at Oxford deſerves no leſs reſpect than Chaucer's Tabarde in South- 
wark. T. WAR TON. | | | 

7 One of Sbakſpeare's younger brothers, &c.] Mr. Oldys ſeems to 


| Have ſtudied the art of © marring a plain tale in the telling of it; for 


he has in this ſtory introduced circumſtances which tend to diminiſh, 
inſtead of zdCeing to, its credibility. Male dum recitas, incipit effe 
tuum. From Shakſpeare's not taking notice of any of his brothers or 
ſiſters in his will, except Joan Hart, I think it highly probable they 
were all dead in 1616, except her, at leaſt all thoſe of the whole 
blood; though in the Regiſter there is no entry of the burial of either 
his brother Gilbert, or Edmund, antecedent to the death of Shak- 
ſpeare, or at any ſubſequent period, : 

The truth is, that this account of our poet's having performed the 
part of an old man in one of his own comedies; came originally from 

Vo. I. (L] Mr. 


162 ADDITIONAL ANECDOTES 

the reſtoration of King Charles II. would in his younger 
days come to London to viſit his brother Vill, as he 
called him, and be a ſpectator of him as an actor in 
ſome of his own plays. This cuſtom, as his brother's 
fame enlarged, and his dramatick entertainments grew 
the greateſt ſupport of our principal, if not of all our 
theatres, he continued it ſtems ſo long after his brother's 
death, as even to the latter end of his own life. The 
curioſity at this time of the moſt noted aQors [exciting 
them] to learn ſomething from him of his brother, &c. 
they juſtly held him in the higheſt veneration. And it 
may be well bclieved, as there was beſides a kinſman 
and deſcendant of the family, who was then a celebrated 
actor among them, [Charles Hart *, See Shakſpeare's 
Will.] this opportunity made them greedily inquiſitive 


Mr. Thomas Jones of Tarbick, in Worceſterſhire, who has been al- 
ready mentioned, (ſee p. 106, n. 5.) and who related it from the in- 
formation, not of one of Shakſpeare's brothers, but of a relation of our 
poet, who lived to a good old age, and who had ſeen him act in his 
youth, Mr. Jones's informer might have been Mr. Richard Quiney, 
who lived in London, and died at Stratford in 1656, at the age of 69; 
or Mr. Thomas Quiney, our poet's ſon-in-law, who lived, I believe, 
till 1663, and was twenty-ſeven years old when his father-in-law 
died; or ſome one of the family of Hathaway. Mr. Thomas Hatha- 
way, I believe Shakſpeare's brother-in-law, died at Stratford in 
2654-5, at the age of 85. | 
There was a Thomas Jones an inhabitant of Stratford, who between 
the years 1581 and 1590 had four ſons, Henry, James, Edmund, and 
Iſaac : ſome one of theſe, it is probable, ſettled at Tarbick, and was 
the father of Thomas Jones, the relater of this anecdote, who was 
born about the year 1613. | | 
If any of Shakſpeare's brothers lived till after the Reſtoration, and 
viſited the players, why were we not informed to what player he re- 
lated it, and from what player Mr. Oldys had his account? The fact, 
I believe, is, he had it not from a player, but from the above-mentioned 
Mr. Jones, who likewiſe communicated the ſtanza of the ballad on Sir 
Thomas Lucy, which has been printed in a former page. MALON x. 
2 — Charles Hart. I Mr. Charles Hart the player was born, I . 
lieve, about the year 1630, and died in 168 5. If be was a grandſon 
of Shakſpeare's ſiſter, he Was probably the ſon of Michael Hart, her 
youngeſt ſon, of whoſe marriage or death there is no account in the 
« pariſh Regiſter of Stratford, and therefore I ſuſpeQ he ſettled in 
London, MALONE, | | > 
6 In to 


2 


— — — —— — 2 —7ä—4ñ̃— 


OF SHAKSPEARE, | 163 
into every little circumſtance, more eſpecially in his 
XZ dgramatick character, which his brother could relate of 
mim. But he, it ſeems, was ſo ſtricken in years, and 
| poſlibly his memory ſo weakened with infirmities, (which 
might make him the eafier paſs for a man of weak in- 
tellects,) that he could give them but little light into 
their inquiries; and all that could be recolle&ed from 
him of his brother Vill in that ſtation was, the 
faint, general, and almoſt loſt ideas he had of hay- 
ing once ſeen him act a part in one of his own comedies, 
wherein being to perſonate a decrepit old man, he wore 
2 long beard, and appeared ſo weak and drooping and 
unable to walk, that he was forced to be ſupported and 
carried by another perſon to a table, at which he was 
XZ ſeated among ſome company, who were eating, and one 
of them ſung a ſong. See the character of Adam in 
A,. you like it, Act II. 1c, ult. : ol 


5 = cc Verſes by Ben Jonſon and Shakſpeare, occaſioned 
by the motto to the Globe Theatre-—T ous mundus agit 
= -ifrionem. | 
; Jonſon. a 
| If, but fage actors, all the world diſplays, 
- Where ſhall we find /pe&atrors of their plays? 
25 | Shakſpeare, 5 
Little, or much, of what we ſee, we do; 
We are all both ars and ſpectators too. 


Poetical Characteriſticks, 8 vo. MS. Vol. I. ſome time 
_ the Harleian Library ; which volume was returned to 
its Owner.“ : | 


— 8 * | 


„Old Mr. Boman the player reported from Sir 
William Biſhop, that ſome part of Sir John Fal- 
ſtaff's character was drawn from a townſman of Strat- 
ford, who either faithleſsly broke a contract, or ſpite- 
fully refuſed to part with ſome land, for à valuable 
LL 2] con- 


r n rr. airs e 8 „ 
oO EN RR IR PER En OS Hr” 17 ee ö — 
. W a E 
RF 7 2 8 P e 2 : 3 
« h C 2 . 8 a 
3 © ND x N "> r 8 2 Phy re 2 
nw q 7 Y Res,” * 8 ; G12 > — by 
; V. Rr, oo TEST 1p. oY ; 
g : 3 Cas : 


164 ADDITIONAL ANECDOTES 
conſideration, adjoining to Shakſpeare's, in or near 
that town.“ 


To theſe anecdotes I can only add the following. 
At the conclufion of the advertiſement prefixed to Lin- 
tot's edition of Shakſpeare's poems, it is ſaid, That 
moſt learned prince and great patron of learning, King 
James the Firſt, was pleaſed with his own hand to write 
an amicable letter to Mr. Shakſpeare; which letter, 
though now loſt, remained long in the hands of Sir 
William D*Avenant®?, as a credible perſon now living 
can teſtify.“ | 
Mr. Oldys, in a MS. note to his copy of Fuller's 
Worthies, obſerves, that the: ſtory came from the 
duke of Buckingham, who had it from Sir William 
D*Avenant.*? 5 


It appears from Ro/cius Anglicanus, (commonly called 
Downes the prompter's book) 1708, that Shakſpeare 
took the pains to inſtruct Joſeph Taylor in the character 
of Hamlet, and John Lowine in that of K. Henry VIII. 

| STEEVENS. 


Extract from the Rev. Dr. Farmer's E/ay on the Learn- 
ing of Shakſpeare, ſmall 8vo. 1767. 


. In 1751, was reprinted ““ A compendious or briefe 
& examination of certayne ordinary complaints of divers of 
our Countrymen in theſe our days: which although they 
are in ſome parte unjuſt and friuolous, yet are they all 
by way of dialogue thoroughly debated and diſcuſſed by 
William Shakſpeare, Gentleman.“ 8vo. 
This extraordinary piece was originally publiſhed in 
4to, 1581, and dedicated by the author, To the moſt 


9 — which letter, though now lo, remained long in the bands of 
Sir William D'Avenant.] Dr. Farmer with great probability ſuppoſes 
that this letter was written by King James in return for the com - 
pliment paid to him in Macbeth. The relater of this anecdote was 
Sheffield Duke of Buckingham. MaLoxs, | 


vertuous 


Fe 


of on 
1 
* 
is 
. 
| 
5 4 
= 
. N. 
1 £ 
. 
F * 
8 : 
# ij 
R 44 
* 
. 
HK 
. * 1 
115 
ky 
3 
W. 
7 6 
F 


CCC 
* r 


OF SHAKSPEARE 1865 


vertuous and learned Lady, his moſt deare and ſove- 
raigne Princeſſe, Elizabeth ; being inforced by her ma- 


1 jeſties late and ſingular clemency in pardoning certayne 


his unduetifull miſdemeanour.” And by the modern 
editors, to the late king; as a treatiſe compoſed by 
the moſt extenſive and fertile genius that ever any age 
or nation produced. | | | | 
Here we join iſſue with the writers of that excellent, 
though very unequal work, Biographia Britannica : if, 
ſay they, this piece could be written by our poet, it 
would be abſolutely deciſive in the diſpute about his 
learning; for many quotations appear in it from the 
Greek and Latin claſſicks. | | | 
The concurring circumſtances of the zame, and the 
miſdemeanor, which 1s ſuppoſed to be the old ſtory of 
deer- ſtealing, ſeem fairly to challenge our poet for the 
author: but they heſitate. —His claim may appear to be 
confuted by the date 1581, when Sha#/peare was only 
ſeventeen, and the long experience, which the writer 
talks of.— But I will not keep the reader in ſuſpenſe : 


the book was ze written by Sha#/peare. 


Strype, in his Annals, calls the author souE learned 
man, and this gave me the firſt ſuſpicion. I knew very 
well, that honeft 7h (to uſe the language of Sir 
Thomas Bodley) did not waſte his time with ſuch baggage 
books as plays and poems; yet J muſt ſuppoſe, that he had 
heard of the name of Shak/peare, After a while I met 
with the original edition. Here in the title-page, and 
at the end of the dedication, appear only the initials, 
W.S. gent. and preſently I was informed by Anthony 
Wood, that the book in queſtion was written, not by 
William Shakſpeare, but by William Stafford, gentle- 
man!“: which at once accounted for the mi/demeanour in 


hat the book in queſtion was written, not by William Shak- 
ſpeare, but by William Stafford, gentleman 1 Faſti. 2d. Edit. V. i. 


208.— lt will be ſeen on turning to the former edition, that the 


latter part of the paragraph belongs to another Stafford. have ſince 
obſerved, that Wood is not the firſt, who hath given us the true author 
of the pamphlet. FARM ZX. N | | 

L 3] the 


1 


* 


— 


———U— — 


— — — 


(fk 
l 


et 
2 
— — - 
— ——— — 2 — — 


— — 


166 ADDITIONAL ANECDOTES 


the dedication. For S:aford had been concerned at that 
time, and was indeed afterward, as Camden and the 
other annaliſts inform us, with ſome of the conſpirators 


_ againſt Zlizabeth; which he properly calls his andueti- 


Full behaviour. | 1 . 
I hope by this time, that any one open to conviction 
may be nearly ſatisfied ; and I will promiſe to give on 
this head very little more trouble. „ 
The juſtly celebrated Mr. Warton hath favoured us, 
in his Life of Dr. Batbarſt, with ſome hear/ay particu- 
lars concerning Shakſpeare from the papers of Aubrey, 
which had been in the hands of Wood; and I ought not 
to ſuppreſs them, as the /a/? ſeems to make againſt my 
doctrine. They came originally, J find, on conſult- 
ing the MS. from one Mr. Beeſton: and I am ſure Mr. 
Warton, whom I have the honour to call my friend, 
and an aſſociate in the queſtion, will be in no pain about 
their credit. | 85 . e 
« William Shakſpeare's father was a butcher ;—while 
he was a boy he exercifed his father's trade, but when 
he killed a calf, he would do it in a high ſtyle, and 
make a ſpeech. This William being inclined naturally 
to poetry and acting, came to London, I gueſs, about 
eighteen, and was an actor in one of the playhouſes, and 
did act exceedingly well, He began early to make eſſays 
in dramatique poetry.—-The humour of the Conſable in 
the M:ia/ummer-Night's Dream he happen'd to take at 
Crendon * in Bucks. —I think, I have been told, that he 
left near three hundred pounds to a fer. He underſtood 
Latin pretty well, rox he had been in his younger years a 


Sehoolmaſter in the country. 


2 The humour of the Conſtable in the Midſummer-Night's Dream Be 
bappen'd to take at Crendon—] This place is not met with in Spe/- 
man's Villare, or in Adam's Index; ner in the f and the /aft 
performance of this fort, Speed's Tables, and Whatley's Gazetteer : 
perhaps, however, it may be meant under the name of Crandonz—but 
the inquiry at of no importance. Alt ſhould, I think, be written Cre- 
dendon; though better antiquaries than Aubrey have acquieſced in the 
vulgar corruption, FakMER © © 


| I will 


a OF SHAK SPE ARE. 167 
Iwill be ſhort in my animadverſions; and take them 
in their order. c INE ay 
The account of the trade of the family is not only con- 
trary to all other tradition, but, as it may ſeem, to the 
inſtrument from the Herald's- office, fo frequently re- 
printed. —Shakſpeare moſt certainly went to London, 
and commenced actor through neceſſity, not natural in- 
clination.— Nor have we any reaſon to ſuppoſe, that he 
1 did act exceedingly well. Rowe tells us from the infor- 
mamaation of Betterton, who was inquifitive into this point, 
and had very early opportunities of enquiry from Sir W. 
D' Avenant, that he was no extraordinary actor; and 
that the top of his performance was the Ghoſt in his 
1 own Hamlet. Yet this chef d' oeuvre did not pleaſe: E 
will give you an original ſtroke at it. Pr. Lodge, whs 
Was for ever peſtering the town with pamphlets, pub» 
. = liſhed in the year 1596, irs Miſerie, and the Worlds 
Madneſſe, diſcovering the Devils incarnat of this Age, to. 
One of theſe devils is Hate-virtue, or Sorrow for an- 
2 other, man's good ſucceſſe, who, ſays the doctor, is a 
= >-Foule lubber, and looks as pale as the vifard of the Ghoſt, 


= whichccried fo miſerably at the theatre, like an oiſter- 
= wife, Hamlet, revenge *,” Thus you ſee Mr. Holt's ſup- 
b ö poſed 


3 ile an viſfter-wife, Hamlet, revenge. I To this obſervation of 
Dr. Farmer it may be added, that the play of Hamlet was better known 
by this ſcene, than by any other, In Decker's Satiromaſtix, 1602, the 
following paſſage occurs. | m6 77 ASC IL ls 

21 1 90 Ait. 7 R n * 

„ Would I were hang'd if I can call you any names but captain, 

| 07, 48 Tucca. 5 a ; 

& No, fye; my name's Hamlet Revenge: thou haſt been at Paris- 

Garden, haſt thou not??? 8 a 
Again, in Weſtward Hoe, by Decker and Webſter, 16: 
& Let theſe huſbands play mad Hamlet, and cry, revenge [** 

f | «Shs Hong Avg .  STEEVENSs 

Dr. Farmer's obſervation may be further confirmed by the following 

paſſage in an anonymous play, called 4 Warning for faire Women, 

1599. We allo learn from it the ufual dreſs of the ſtage ghoſts of thay 

[L4] 6 4 


1 


168 ADDITIONAL ANECDOTES 
ſed proof, in the appendix to the late edition, that 


amlet was written after 1597, or perhaps 1602, will 


by no means hold good; whatever might be the caſe of 
the particular paſſage on which it is founded. EO 
Nor does it appear, that Shakſpeale did begin early 
to make e//ays in dramatique poetry : the Arraigument of 
Paris, 1584, which hath ſo often been aſcribed to him 


on the credit of Kirkman and Winſtanley +, was written 


by George Peele ; and Shakſpeare is not met with, even 
as an af/ftant, till at leaſt ſeyen years afterward 5.— 
Naſh in his epiſtle to the gentlemen ſtudents of both 
univerſities, prefixed to Greene's Arcadia, 4to. black 
letter, recommends his friend, Peele, as the chiefe 
ſupporter of pleaſance now living, the Atlas of poetrie, 
and primus verborum artifex : whoſe firſt increaſe, the 
Arraigument of Paris, might plead to their opinions 


his pregnant dexteritie of wit and manifold varietie of 


invention ©,??. 
0 be — A filthie whining ghoſt, | | 
„ Lapt in ſome foule ſheet, or a /ather pilch, 
Comes ſcreaming like a pigge half ſtickt, 
« And cries vindicta—revenge, revenge.” 


= The leathern pilch, I ſuppoſe, was a theatrical ſubſtitute for armour. 


. Mar ons. 


4 — en the credit of Kirkman and Winſtanley,] Theſe people, who 
were the Curls of the laſt age, aſcribe likewiſe to our author thoſe 


miſerable performances, Mucedorus, and the Merry Devil of Edmonton. 


2 EL EE FARMER. 
S — Shakſpeare is not met with, even as ap aſſiſtant, till at leaſt 
ſeven years macht” Mr, Pope aſſerts ( The troubleſome Raigne 
of King Fobn,“ in two parts, 1611, to have been written by Shak- 


ſpeare and Rowley :—which edition is a mere copy of another in black 


letter, 1591. But I find his aſſertion is ſomewhat to be doubted: for 


the old edition hath no' name of author at all; and that of 1611, the 


initials only, V. Sb. in the title-page. FARMER. 


See the Eſſay on the Order of Shakſpeare's plays, Article, King Jobn. 


MALONE. 

© bis pregnant dexteritie of wit and manifold varietie of inuention. ] 
Peele ſeems to have been taken into the patronage of the Earl of 
Northumberland about 1593, to whom he dedicates in that year, 
& The Honour of the Garter, a poem :gratulatorie—the Firftling con- 
ſecrated to his noble name.” — He was eſteemed, ſays EY 
8 i | e God, 


In 


» $8 
IG 
We? 
<8 

x; 

3 
-**< 4 
\ 1 

1 
1 : 
* 
oY 
1 p 
1 
4. 
= 
2 % 
3 
EY 
8 
. 
* 
5 
| 6 
Why.” 
- % 
3 
- ate 
IN 
+ 
. 
1 g 
3 
f 
We, 
g's 4 
2 
iy 
23 
FJ 
2 
5 
. s 
Ra, 
* ts 
4 
3 
, 
3 
: , 
=, Y 
bs 8 
2 
Ty 
11,8 

* bh 
3 

bo: 

5 I 

& * 
2 
8 

8 

bs”. 
9% 
"I 1 
1 

*3B 

3 

: > 

3 E 

* 7 '£ 

2 2 

9 
"i 
be - 4709 
bY. 
” . 
5D 1 
3 
br 
Os 
6 . 
Wer 
2% 
HT 
923 
4 
wy 
7 4 
1 
E 
oy 
8 
wy 
s 
EA 
= 
** 
2 


7 
A 3 
Ja 
79 
5 


OF SHAKSPEARE. 169 


In the next place, unfortunately, there is neither ſuch 
a character as a Conſtable in the Midſummer Night's 
Dream : nor was the three hundred pounds legacy to a 
ſiſter, but a daughter. , | | 

And to cloſe the whole, it is not poſſible, according 
to Aubrey himſelf, that Shakſpeare could have been 
ſome years a ſchoolmaſter in the country: on which cir- 
cumſtance only the ſuppoſition of his learning is profeſſ- 
edly founded. He was not ſurely very young, when he 


was employed to fl calves, and he commenced player 
about eighteen /—The truth is, that he left his father, 


for a wife, a year ſooner; and had at leaſt two children 
born at Stratford before he retired from thence to Lon- 
don. It is therefore ſufficiently clear, that poor Anthony 
had too much reaſon for his character of Aubrey: we 
find it in his own account of his life, publiſhed by 
Hearne, which I would earneſtly recommend to any hy- 
pochondriack : Ef 

A pretender to antiquities, roving, magotie-headed, 
and ſometimes little better than craied : and being ex- 


Wood, a moſt noted poet, 1579; but when or where he died, I can- 
not tell, for ſo it is, and always hath been, that moſt PogTs die poor, 
and conſequently obſcurely, and a hard matter it is to trace them to 
their graves. Claruit 1599.” Atb. Oxon. Vol. I. p. 300. 
We had lately in a periodical pamphlet, called, The Theatrical Re- 
wViewy a very curious letter under the name of George Peele, to one 
Maſter Henrie Marle; relative to a diſpute between Shakſpeare and 
Alleyn, which was compromiſed by Ben Jonſon.—“ I never longed 
for thy companye more than laſt night; we were all verrie merie at the 
Globe, when Ned Alleyn did not ſcruple to affyrme pleaſauntly to thy 
friende Will, that he had ftolen hys ſpeeche about the excellencie of 
acting in Hamlet hys tragedye, from converſaytions manifold, whych 
had paſſed between them, and opinions gyven by Alleyn touchyng that 
ſubjete, Shakſpeare did not take this talk in good forte ; but Jonſon 
did put an ende to the ſtryfe wyth wittyelie ſaying, thys affaire needeth 
no contentione: you ſtole it from Ned no doubte: do not marvel ; 
haue you not ſeene hym acte tymes out of number ?”—This is pre- 
tended to be printed from the original MS, dated 1600; which agrees 
well enough with Wood's Claruit : but unluckily, Peele was dead at 
leaſt two years before. As Anacreon died by the pot, ſays Meres, 
ſo George Peele by the pox.” Wit's Treaſury, 1 598. p. 286. 
8 | FARMER, 


ceedingly 


wo ADDITIONAL ANECDOTES, &c. 


ceedingly eredulous, would ſtuff his many letters ſent to 
A. W. with folliries and mifinformations.“ p. 577. 


FARMER. 


The late Mr. Thomas Oſborne, bookſeller, (whoſe 


exploits.are celebrated by the author of the Dunciad) 
being ignorant in what form or language our Paradi/e 


Loft was written, employed one of his garretteers to 


render it from a French tranſlation into Engliſh proſe, 
Leſt, hereafter, the compoſitions of Shakſpeare ſhould 


be brought back into their native tongue from the ver- 


ſion of Monfieur le Comte de Catuelan, le Tourneur, &c. 
it may be neceſſary to obſerve, that all the following 
particulars, extracted from the preface of theſe gentle- 


men, are as little founded in truth as their deſcription ' 


of the Jubilee at Stratford, which they have been taught 


to repreſent as an affair of general approbation and na- 


tional concern. | 4 

They ſay, that Shakſpeare came to London without a 
plan, and finding himſelf at the. door of a theatre, in- 
ſtinctively ſtopped there, and offered himſelf to be a 
holder of horſes ;—that he was remarkable for his excel- 
lent performance of the Ghoſt in Hamlet:=that he 
borrowed nothing from preceding writers :—that all on 
a ſudden he left the ſtage, and returned without eclat 
into his native county :—that his monument at Stratford 
is of copper :—that the courtiers of James I. paid ſeveral 

compliments to him which are ſtill prefered s that he 


relieved a widow, who, together with her numerous 


family, was involved in a ruinous lawſuit: — that his 
editors have reſtored many paſſages in his plays, by the 
aſſiſtance of the manuſcripts he left behind him, &e. &c. 
Let me not however forget the juſtice due to thefe in- 
genious Prenchmen, whoſe ſkill and fidelity in the exe- 
cution of their very difficult undertaking, is only 
exceeded by ſuch a diſplay of eandour as would ſerve 
to cover the imperfections of much leſs elegant and 
judicious writers, STEEVENS. . 


B aptiſms, 


” 
"ft 


1 


* 
« 
1 
> 
2 
W 
5 
4 
= 
8 
*Y 
** 
4 
vt 
"Me 
z 
* 
. 
IE 
Ro 1 bo 
2 
LF 
730 
5 
4 
+ 
N 
4 
#3 
2 
* 
A 
3 
= 
A, 
*s 
. 
2 
75 
[+ 
Fl 
7 
H 
* 
8 
2 
x 
* 
1 
1 
el 
N 
_—_ 
, 
7 
5 32 
41 
- 
5 
5 
0 
wr 
ve 
5 


2 
FR 
| 
LY 
x 
£ 
= 
* 
- 
ö 


STRATFORD REGISTER. 171 


Baptiſms, Marriages, and Burials of the Shakſpeare 
family; trranfcribed from the Regiſter- books of tha 
Pariſh of Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickſhire *. 


ONE, daughter of John Shakſpere, was baptized 
Sept. 15, 1558. ; 
Margaret, daughter of John Shakſpere, was buried April 
„ 
WILLIAM, ſon of John Shakſpere, was baptized April 
e | | 


Johanna, daughter of Richard Hathaway, otherwiſe 


Gardiner, of Shottery *, was baptized May 9, 1566. 
Gilbert, ſon of John Shakſpere, was baptized Oct. 13, 


1556. | 

Jones, daughter of John Shakſpere, was baptized April 
15, 1569. 
5 Anne, 


Y An inaccurate and very imperfect liſt of the baptiſms, &c. of 
Shakſpeare's family was tranſmitted by Mr. Weſt about ten years ago 
to Mr. Steevens. The lift now printed I have extracted with great 
care from the Regiſters of Stratford; and I truſt, it will be found cor- 
rect. MALONE. | 

2 This lady Mr. Weſt ſuppoſed to have married the anceſtor of the 
Harts of Stratford; but he was certainly miſtaken. She died pro- 
bably in her infancy. The wife of Mr. Hart was undoubtedly the 


ſecond Jone, mentioned below. Her ſon Michael was born in the 
latter end of the year 1608, at which time ſhe was above thirty- 


nine years old. The elder Jone would then have been near fifty. 
- : | Maron E. 
3 He was born three days before, April 23, 1564. MALON E. 
4 This Richard Hathaway of Shottery was probably the father 
of Anne Hathaway, our poet's wife, There is no entry of her 


_ baptiſm, the Regiſter not commencing till 1558, two years after ſhe 


was born. Thomas, the ſon of this Richard Hathaway, was bap- 
tized at Stratford, April 12, 1569; John, another ſon, Feb. 3, 15745 
and William, another ſon, Nov. 30, 1578. MArONE. 

5 It was common in the age of Queen Elizabeth to give the ſame 
chriſtian name to two children ſucceſfively. (Thus, Mr. Sadler, 
who was godfather to Shakfpeare's ſon, had two ſons, who were 
baptized by the name of Jobn. See note 6.) This was undoubtedly 
done in the preſent inſtance. The former Jone having probably died, 
(though Tcan find no entry of her burial in the Regiſter, nor indeed 
<1 75 x 4 of 


—  _ Pw by - 


I 


„ STRATFORD REGISTER. 


Anne, daughter of Mr. John Shakſpere, was baptized 
Sept. 28, 1571. 

Richard, ſon of Mr. 25 Shakſpere, was baptized March 

„ 1093. [15 

Anne, Caughtc 97 11 Mr. Tha Shakſpere, was buried April 
4, 9. 

e ſon of Mr. John Shakſpere, was baptized 
May 3, 1580, 

Suſanna, daughter of WILLIAM SHAKSPERE, Was 
baptized May 26, 1583. 

Elizabeth, daughter of Anthony Shakſpere, of Hamp- 
ton *, was baptized Feb. 10, 1583. [1583-4] 
John Shakſpere and Margery Roberts were married 

Nov. 25, 1584» 
Hamnet ® and Judith, ſon and daughter of WILLIAU 


SHAKSPERE, Were baptized February 2, 1584. 


[158 
l Margery, 


of many of the other children of John Shakſpeare) the name of Jone, 
a very favourite one in thoſe days, was transferred to another new- 
born child. This latter Jone married Mr. William Hart, a hatter in 
Stratford, ſome time, as I conjecture, in the year 1599, when ſhe was 
thirty years old; for her eldeſt ſon William was baptized there, 
Auguſt 28, 1600. There is no entry of her marriage in the Regiſter, 

MALONE. 

* There was alſo a Mr. Henry Shakſpeare ſettled at Hampton- 
Lucy, as appeacs from the Regiſter of that pariſh: 

1582 Lettice, daughter of Henry Shakſpeare, was baptized. 

1585 — James, ſon of Henry Shakſpeare, was baptized. 

1589—— James, ſon of Henry Shakſpeare, was buried. 

There was a Thomas Shakſpeare ſettled at Warwick; for in the 
Rolls-Chapel I tound the inrolment of a deed made jn the 44th year of 
Queen Elizabeth, conveying © to Thomas Shakſpeare of Warwick, 
yeoman, Sachbroke, alias Biſhop-Sachbroke, in Com. Warw.” 

MALONE. 

6 Mr. Weſt imagined that our poet's only ſon was chriſtened by 
the name of Samuel, but he was miſtaken, Mr. Hamnet Sadler, who 
was related, if J miſtake not, to the Shakſpeare family, appears to 
have been ſponſor for his ſon; and his wife, Mrs. Judith Sadler, to have 
been godmother to Judith, the other twin-child. The name Hamnet 
is written very diſtinctly both in the entry of the baptiſm and burial 
of this child. Hamnet and Hamlet ſeem to have been conſidered as 
the ſame name, and to have been uſed indiſcriminately both in ſpeak- 

5 ng 


3” 


: 58 
- 
= 
7 
* 
v4 
x 
434 
. 8 
& 
3 
_ 
ff 2 
ME"... 
"5 
be”, 
* 
E 
WW 
bt} 
3, 
27 
£4 
0s, 
£ X03 
"LED 
- WS» 
"28 
——ä— 
++, 7 
* * 
= 1 
„ 
3 
„ 
1 
: a 
<A 
Ve 
yy 
498 
2 
r 
„ 
3 
8 
"500 
Rs 4 
1 
> 
== 
By + 
—_—: 
E; = 
4% 
"85 
4 x 
7 
v 
- 1 
3 
# 
We 
"8 
_ 
9 
2 
: 2 
h 55 
09.4 
q 
- 
I 
I 
ov 
1 
2 
2 
4 
MX 
2 
9 
1 
3 
ee 
32% 
235 
2 
a 3 
"5 
2 
EY 
_—__ 
- 
3 
uy 
1 
RD. 
T 
a5, 
"Ms . 
1 
8 
SY 
<5. - 
7 
8 
E444 
XL: 
AR 
FS 
= 
* 
Er” 
3h" 
* 
3 
* 3 
* 
by 
F 4: 
5 


mw 
7% 
7 
** 
* 
x 
5 
2 
X 
2 
c 
7? 


STRATFORD REGISTER 173 


Margery, wife of John Shakſpere, was buried Oct. 29, 
1587. | 

Thomas ſon of Richard Queeny, was baptized Feb. 
26, 1588. [1588-9.] | 

Urſula s, daughter of John Shakſpere, was baptized 
March 11, 1588. [1588-9.] | | 
On 85 Thomas, 


ing and writing. Thus, this Mr. Hamnet Sadler, who is a witneſs 
to Shakſpeare's Will, writes his chiiftian name Hamnet; but the 
ſcrivener who drew up the will, writes it Hamlet. There is the ſame 
variation in the Regiſter of Stratford, where the name is ſpelt in 
three or four difterent ways. Thus, among the baptiſms we find, in 
1591, ©* May 26, John, filius Hamletti Sadler;” and in 1583, 
« Sept. 13, Margaret, daughter to Hamlet Sadler.” But in 1588, 
Sept, 20, we find “ John, ſon to Hamnet Sadler;” in 1596, April 4, we 
have & Judith, filia Hamnett Sadler ;” in 1597-8, % Feb, 3, Wil- 
helmus, filius Hambnet Sadlerz” and in 1599, * April 23, Francis, 
filius Hamnet Sadler.“ This Mr. Sadler died in 1624, and the en- 
try of his burial ſtands thus: „ 1624, Oct. 26, Hamlet Sadler.” 
So alſo in that of his wife: „1613, March 23, Judith, uxor Hamlet 
Sadler.“ a 
The name of Hamlet occurs in ſeveral other entries in the Regiſter, 
Oct. 4, 1576, „Hamlet, fon to Humphry Holdar,” was buried; and 
Sept. 28, 1564, © Catharina, uxor Hamoleti Haſſal.“ Mr. Hamlet 
Smith, formerly of the borough of Stratford, is one of the benefac- 
tor's annually commemorated there. 

Our poet's only ſon, Hamnet, died in 1596, in the twelfth year 
of his age, MALONE. ö 

7 This gentleman married our poet's youngeſt daughter. He had 
three ſiſters, Elizabeth, Anne, and Mary, and five brothers; Adrian 
born in 1586, Richard born in 1587, William born in 1593, John 
in 1597, and George, born April 9, 1600, George was Curate of 
the pariſh of Stratford, and died of a conſumption. He was buried 
there April 11, 1624, In Doctor Hall's pocket-book is the follow. 
ing entry relative to him. © 38. Mr. Quiney, tuffi gravi cum magna 
phlegmatis copia, et cibi vomitu, feb. lenta debilitatus,” &c, The 
caſe concludes thus. © Anno ſeq, (no year is mentioned in the caſe, 
but the preceding caſe is dated 1624, in hoc malum incidebat. Multa 
fruſtra tentata; - placide cum Domino dormit, Fuit boni indolis, et 
pro juveni omnifariam doctus MaLoNnE. | | 

8 This Urſula, and her brothers, Humphrey, and Philip, appear to 
have been the children of John Shakſpeare by Mary, his third wife, 
though no ſuch marriage is entered in the Regiſter. I have not been 
able to learn her ſurname, or in what church ſhe was married. She 


died in Sept. 1608. 
It 


5 * —— ̃ —-—j — — —ẽ — — — — — 


— 7 —— 


174 STRATFORD REGISTER. 
Thomas Greene, alias Shakſpere?, was buried March 6; 


1589. [1589-90.] 
a, ſon of John Shakſpere, was baptized May 


1590 
Philip. fon of John Shakſpere, was baptized Sept. 21, 1591: 


Thomas“, ſon of Mr. Anthony Naſh, was baptized 


June 20, 1593. 
Hamnet, ſon of WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, V was buried 


Aug. 11, 1596. - - 


It has been ſuggeſted to me that the John Shakſpeare here men- 
tioned was an elder brother of our poet, (not his father,) born, like 
Margaret Shakſpeare, before the commencement of the Regiſter : 
but had this been the caſe, he probably would have been called John 
be younger, old Mr. Shakſpeare being alive in 1589. I am therefore 
of opinion that our poet's father was meant, and that he was thrice 
married. MALONE. 

9 A great many names occur in this Regiſter, with an alias, the 
meaning of which it is not very eaſy to aſcertain. I ſhould have ſop- 
poſed. that the perſons thus deſcribed were illegitimate, and that this 
Thomas Greene. was the ſon of one of our poet's kinſmen, by a 
daughter of Thomas Greene, eſq, a gentleman who refided in Strat- 
ford; but that in the regiſter we frequently find the word baſtard 


expreſsly added to the names of the children baptized. Perhaps this 
latter form was only uſed in the caſe of ſervants, labourers, &c. and 


the illegitimate offspring of the higher orders was more delicately de- 


noted by an alias. 
The Rev. Mr. Davenport obſerves to me that there are two families 
at preſent in Stratford, (and probably ſeveral more,) that are diſtin- 


guiſhed by an alias. © The real name of one of theſe families is 


Roberts, but they generally go by the name of Burford. The an- 
ceſtor of the family came originally from Burford in Oxfordſhire, and 
was frequently called from this circumſtance by the name of Burford, 
This name has prevailed, and they are always now called by it; but 
they write their name, Roberts, alias Burford, and are fo entered in 
the Regiſter. 

«© The real name of the other family is Smith, but they are more 
known by the name of Buck. The anceſtor of this family, from ſome 
circumſtance or other, obtained the nickname of Buck, and they now 
write themſelves, Smith, alias Buck.” MALORNE. 

1 This gentleman married our poet's grand-daughter, Elizabeth 
Hall. His father, Mr. Anthony Naſh, lived at Welcombe, (where 
he had an eſtate,) as appears by the following entry of the-baptiſm of 
another of his ſons, ' „1598, Ot, 15, John, fon to Mr. Anthony 
Nath, of Welcombe,” MaLoxk. 

William, 


9 


* 


* 
. 
3 
4% 
1 
5 
9 
2 
3 
by > 
i, 
fo 
* 
1 
7 7 
bee 
224 
"58 
+ 
90 
7 
> 8 
+ 
2 
2 
2 
1 
_ 
2 
28 
bb 
1 
WS 
7 
Kos 
Pl 
E 
R. 
f 
4 
5 
* 
4%; 
3. 1 
3 
£ 
6:74 
2 
1 
185 
4 
7 
2 


ener 
RO : 
5 Mae 8 


STRATFORD REGISTER. 175 

William, ſon of William Hart, was baptized Aug. 28, 
1600. | 

Mr. John Shakſpeare was buried Sept. 8, 1601. 

Mr. Richard Quiney *, Bailiff of Stratford, was buried 

May 31, 1602. . 

Mary, daughter of William Hart, was baptized June 5, 
1603. 

Thomas. ſon of William Hart, hatter, was baptized 
July 24, 160g. | 


John Hall, gentleman, and Suſanna Shakſpere were 


married June 5, 1607, - 

Mary, daughter of William Hart, was buried Dec. 17, 
1607, | 

Elizabeth, daughter of John Hall, gentleman, was bap- 
tized Feb. 21, 1607. [1607-8.] 


Mary Shakſpere, widow, was buried Sept. 9, 1608, 


Michael, ſon of William Hart, was baptized Sept. 23, 
1608. | | 

Gilbert Shakſpere, adoleſcens*, was buried Feb. 3, 
1611. [1611-12.] 


Richard Shakſpere was buried Feb. 4, 1612. [1612-13] 


Thomas Queeny and judith Shakſpere * were married 
Feb. 10, 1615. [1615-16.] | 15 
| | William 


2 This was the father of Mr. Thomas Quiney, who married Shak- 
fpeare's youngeſt daughter. MaLonE. | 
* This was probably a ſon of Gilbert Shakſpeare, our poet's bro- 


ther. When the elder Gilbert died, the Regiſter does not inform us; 


but he certainly died before his fon. MaLoNE. 

3 This lady, who was our poet's youngeſt daughter, appears to have 
married without her father's knowledge, for he mentions her in his 
will as unmarried. Mr. Weſt, as I have already obſerved, was miſ- 
taken in ſuppoſing ſhe was married in Feb. r616, that is, in 1616-17. 
She was certainly married before her father's death. See a former 
note in p. 151, in Which the entry is given exactly as it Rands in 
the Regiſter, | | 

As Shakſpeare the poet married his wife from Shottery, Mr. Weſt 
conjectured he might have become poſſeſſed of 2a remarkable bouſe 
and jointly with his wife conveyed it as part of their daughter Judith's 
portion to Thomas Queeny. It is certain, Mr. Weſt adds, „that 
ane Queeny, an elderly gentleman, fold it to — Harvey, eſq. of 
Stockton, near Southam, Warwickſhire, father of John Harvey 

Thurſby, 


156 STRATFORD REGISTER. 

William Hart, hatter“, was buried April 17, 1616, 

WILLIAM SHAKSPERE 5, gentleman, was buried | 
April 25 ®, 1616. 

Shakſpere, fon of Thomas Quiney, gentleman, „was bap- 
tized Nov. 23, 1616. 

Shakſpere, ſon of Thomas Quiney, gentleman, was 
buried May 8, 1617. 

Richard, ſon of 'Thomas Quiney, was baptized Feb. 9, 

1617. fon of 18.4 

Thomas, ſon of Thomas Quiney, was baptized Aug. 
29, 16190. 

9 Naſh, Eſq 7, was buried Nov. 18, 1622, 

Mrs. Shakſpeare * was buried Aug. 8, 1623. 

Mr. Thomas Naſh was married to Mrs. Elizabeth Hall, 


April 22, 1626, 
Thomas“, ſon of Thomas Hart, was + 7799s April i 3» 


16 34. 


'Thurſby, efq. of Abington, near Northampton; and that the afore- 
faid Harvey ſold it again to Samuel Tyler, eſq. whole fitters, as his 
| heirs, now enjoy it.” 

But how could Shakſpeare have conveyed this houſe, if he ever 
owned it, to Mr. Queeny, as a marriage portion with his daughter, 
concerning whom there is the following clauſe in his will, executed one 
month before his death : Provided that if ſuch hofband as ſhe ſhall 
at the end of the ſaid three years be married unto,” &. MALONE. 

4 This William Hart was our poet's brother-in-law. He died, it 
appears, a few days before Shakſpeare. MALONE. 

5 He died, as appears from his monument, April 23d. MaroxEe. 

© No one hath protracted the life of Shakſpeare beyond 1616, ex- 
cept Mr, Hume; who is pleaſed to add a year to it, cuntrary to all 
manner of evidence. FARMER. 

7 Father of Mr. Thomas Naſh, the huſband of Elizabeth Hall. 

| MALONE. 

3 This lady, who was the poet's widow, and whoſe maiden name was 
Anne Hathaway, died, as appears from her tomb-ſtone (ſee p. 105, 
n. 4.) at the age of 67, and conſequently was near eight years older 
than her huſband. I have not been able to aſcertain when or where 
they were married, but ſuſpect the ceremony was performed at Hamp- 
ton-Lucy, or Billeſley, in Auguſt 1582, The regiſter of the latter 
pariſh is loſt, MALONE. 

* It appears from Lady Barnard's Will that this Thomas Hart was 
alive in 1669. The Regiſter does not aſcertain the time of his death, 
nor that of his father. MATONx. D 

Fe 


STRATFORD REGISTER ry; 


Pr. John Hallo, [<< medicus peritifimus,””] was buried 
Nov. 26, 165 5. 

George, ſon of Thomas Hart, was bags Sept. 18, 
1636. 

1 ſon of Thomas Quiney, was buried Jan. 28, 
1638. [1638-9.] 

Richard, ſon 50 0 Quiney, was buried Feb. 26, 

+ nan. [| 538 -9, 

William Hart * was buried March 29, 1639. 

Mary, daughter of Thomas Hart, was baptized xi 1, 


. 
Joan Hart; widow, was bitch Nov. 4, 1646. 
Thomas Naſh, Eſq. was buried April 5, 1647. 
Mrs, Suſanna Hall, widow, was buried July 16, 643. 


Mr. 


* 


9 It has been ſuppoſed that the family of Miller of Hide-Hall in 
the county of Herts, were deſcended from Dr. Hall's daughter Eliza- 
* beth; and to prove this fact, the following pedigree was tranſmitted 
ſome years ago by Mr, Whalley to Mr. Steevens : 


Joo Hall=Sofanns, daughter and co-heireſs of 
I William Shakſpeare, 


Elizabeth Hall— Thomas Naſh, Eſq» 


= Reginald Foſter, of Warwickſhire. 


ns as. A 


F ranked Miller — Jane F FT 
of Hide-Hall, 
_ Co. Hertford. 


— 


Nicholas Miller Mary. 
- 4 | 3 - 5 | . : 
Nicholas Franklyn Miller of 
- Hide-Hall, the only ſurviv- 


ing branch of the family of 
Miller. 


But this pedigree ! is founded on 2 take, and there is undoubted- 
ly no lineal deſcendant of Shakſpeare now living, The miſtake was, 
Vos, I. [MJ] the 


» 
CN — ED —— — — —— — 


| 
| 
| 
| 


118 STRATFORD REGISTER. 


— 


May 23, 1656. 


Mr. Richard Queeny“, Gent. of London, was buried 


Mr. 


the ſuppoſing that Sir Reginald Forſter married a daughter of Mr, 
Themas Naſh and Elizabeth Hall, who had no iflue, either by that 
gentleman or her ſecond huſband, Sir John Barnard. Sir Reginald 


Farſter married the daughter of Edward Nath, Eſq. of Eaſt Green- 


wich in the county of Kent, couſin-gei1man ia Mr, Thomas Nath ; 
and the pedigree ought to have been formed thus: 


S : __—— - | 
Anthony 5 88 | | George Nahe 5 


2 | 
Tho. Naſh—=Elizabeth Hall— Sir John Barnard, 


1 Naſh — | 
ll 


—_ 


yh 1 [ 
. 19 Naſh, Jane Naſh, Mary Naſh—Reginald Forſter, Eſq, 


aſterwards Sir Regi- 


nald Forſter, Bart. 


Reginald Forſter. Mary Forſter. Franklyn Miller—Jaad Forſter, 
0 of Hide-Hall, | 
Co. Hertford, | 


5 [ be 
Will. Norcliffe, Eſq.=Jane Miller. Nicholas r — 


— 


| | : — 
Nicholas Franklyn Miller, —| | 
ET 


| —— Mundy, 1 Miller. 


— de 


13 Miller Mundy, Eſq. the 
preſent owner of Hide-Hall. 


That I am right in this ſtatement, appears from the will of Edward 


Naſh, (ſee p. 134, n. 7.) and from the following inſcription on a mo- 
nument in the church of Stratford, erected ſome time after the year 


1733, by Jane Norcliffe, the wife of. William Noreliffe, Eſq. and 


only daughter of Franklyn Miller, by Jane Forſter ; 


STRATFORD REGISTER. 179 
| George Hart, ſon of Thomas Hart, was married by 
Francis Smyth, Juſtice of peace, to Helter Ludiate, 
daughter of Thomas Ludiate, Jan. 9, 1057: [1657-8.] 
Elizabeth, daughter of George Hart, was baptized 
Jan. 9, 1658. [1658-9.] oo 
Jane, daughter of George Hart, was baptized Dec. 21, 
: 1661. | 
Judith, wife of Thomas Quiney, Gent. was buried 
| Feb. 9, 1661. [ 1661-62. ] | 
Suſanna, daughter of George Hart, was baptized March 
18, 1663. [1663-4] _ | 
Shakſpeare, ion of George Hart, was baptized Nov. 18, 
1666, | 
Mary, daughter of George Hart, was baptized March 
31, 1671. | | 
ec Beneath lye interred the body's of Sir Reginald Forſter, Baronet, 
and dame Mary his wife, daughter of Edward Naſh of Eaſt Green- 
wich, in the county of Kent,“ &c. For this inſcription I am in- 
debted to the kindneſs of the Rev. Mr. Davenport, Vicar of Strat- 
ford-upon-Avon. | BY” 
Reginald Forſter, Eſq. who lived at Greenwich, was created a 
baronet, May 4, 1661. His ſon Reginald, who married Miſs Naſh, 
ſucceeded to the title on the death of his father, ſome time after 
the year 1679. Their only ſon, Reginald, was buried at Stratford 
Aug. 10, 1685, be? | 
Mrs. Elizabeth Nath was married to her ſecond huſband, Sir John 
Barnard, at Billeſley, about three miles from Stratford-uponi- Avon, 
June 5, 1649, and was buried at Abington in the county of Nor- 
thampton, Feb. 17, 1669-70; and with her the family of pur poet 
became extint, MAL ONE. | | | 
1 Ihe eldeſt ſon of Joan Hart, our poet's ſiſter. J have not found 
.any entry in the Regiſter of the deaths of his brothers Thomas and 
Michael Hart. The latter, I ſuſpect, ſettled in London; and was 
perhaps the father of Charles Hart, the celebrated tragedian, who, I 
believe, was born about the year 1630. MALoNE. 
This gentleman was born in 1587, and was brother to Thomas 
Quirey, who married Shakſpeare's youngeſt daughter, It does not 
appear when Thomas Quiney died, There is a defect in the Regiſter 
during the years 1642, 1643, and 1644; and another /acuna from 
March 17, to Nov. 18, 1663. Our poet's ſon-iq-law probably died 
in the latter of thoſe periods; for his wife, who died in Feb. 16b1-2, 
in the Regiſter of Burials for that year is deſcribed thus: * Judith, 
uxor Thomas Quiney.” Had her huſband been then dead, the woul 
have been denominated vidua. MALuNFo | 


© = Ba. _ George, 


x end et ery nn 


10 STRATFORD REGISTER. 


Thomas, ſon of George Hart, was baptized March 3, 
1673. [1673-4] | 

George, ſon of George Hart, was baptized Aug. 20, 1676. 

Margaret Hart 3, widow, was buried Nov. 28, 1682. 


Daniel Smith and Suſanna Hart were married April 16, 


1 608. 
4694. 

William e ſon of Shakſpeare Hart, was bap- 

tied Sept. 14, 1695. 

1 5 of Gene Hart, was buried April 29s 

£7 

Anne, 8 of Sbakſpeate and Anne mo, was 

„ .. baptized Aug. 9. 1700.. - 

George, ſon 'of George and Mary Hart, was baptized 

OV. 29, 1700. 

George Hart“ was buried May 3, 1702. 

Heſter, daughter of George Hart, was baptized Fob: 1 10; 
1702. | 1702-3. 

Catharine, daughter of Shakſpeare a and Anne Hart, was 

, - baptized July 19, 1703. 

Mary, daughter of George Hart, was baptized 08. 7 
1705. 

ity; wit of George Hart, was buried Oct. 7, 170g. 

George Hart was married to Sarah Mountford, Feb. 20, 

15728. [1728-9.] | 

Thomass, — of George Hart, Jan. was baptized May 

95 1729. 

Sarah, 2 of George Hart, was baptized Sept. 

29, 1733. 

Anne, bebt. of Shakſpeare Hart, was buried March 
29, . 8 


3 probably the wiſe of Thomas Hart, who muſt "ri been mt 
in or before the year 1633. The marriage ceremony was not performed 
at Stratford, there being no entry of it in the Reg ziſter. MArTox E. 
; + He was born in 1636. Matowe. 

This Thomas Hart, who is the fifch in deſcent from Joan Hart, 
dur poet's ſiſter, is now (1788) living at rations in the houſe in 
Fhich Shakſpeare was ne. MATER Ea. | 

4 ; . $76 £1 Anne, 


Shakſpeare Le was married to Anne Throw _ 10, 


8 RAT ORD REGISTER, I 
Anat daughter of George Wart- was baptized Sept. 29, 


William s Shakſpeare, ſon of William Shakſpeare Hart, 
was baptized Jan. 8, :1743.- (1743-4 = IR 

William Shakſpeare, ſon of William "Sh ſpeare Hart, 
was buried March 8, 1744. [1744-5-] 


EP 


William, ſon of George Hart, was buried April 28, 1745+. 


George Hart“ was buried Aug. 29, 1745 

Thomas, ſon of William Shakſpeare Hart, was buried 
March 12, 1746. [1746-7.] 

Shakſpeare Hart 7 was buried July 7, 1747. es 

Catharine, daughter of inen Shakipeare Hart, was 
baptized May 10, 1748. 

William ee eg ne 75 was buried 27 1 28. 1749. 

1749-50. 
The widow Halte was bodied July 10, 17963; 


John, ſon of Thomas Hart, was baptized Aug. 18, 1755. 
Anne, daughter of Shakſpeare and Anne Hart, was 


buried Feb. 5, 1760. 
Frances, daughter of Thomas Hart, was baptized Avg. 
8; 1760. : 


Thomas, ſon of Thomas Hart, Was s baptized Aug. 10, 


1764. 
Anne, daughter of Thomas Han Was s baptized Jan, 16, 
176 


** 17 7. 
Sarah, daughter of George Hart, was buried Sept. 10, 


1768. 


| om na, , of Thomas Hart, was buried OR, 37, 


1774. 
George Hart! was buried July 8, I 778. 


i 6 He was born in 1676, and was great grandſon to Joan Hart. 


MALON R. 
2 He n born in 1666, nod was alſo great grandſon to 85 Hart. 


ATR. 
2 He » was born in 1695; AM tent. 


9 This abſurd mode of entry ſeems to have been bee for tho 


purpoſe of concealment rather than information; for by the omiſſion 


of the chriſtian name; it is ĩmpoſſi ble to aſcertain from the Regiſter, 
who was meant. The perſon here deſcribed was, I believe, Anne, 
the widow of Shakſpeare Hart, who died in 1747. MALONE, 

He was born in 1700. M ALONE. 


[M 3] SHAK- 


estate.“ MaALoNE. 


SHAKSPEARE'S COAT OF ARMS. 


The following inſtrument * is copied from the original 
in the College of Heralds: It is marked G. 13. 

pr ns 98 

5 all and ſinguler noble and gentlemen of all 


1 eſtats and degrees, bearing arms, to whom theſe 
preſents ſhall come, William Dethick, Garter, Princi- 


pall King of Arms of England, and William Camden, 


alias Clarencieulx, King of Arms for the ſouth, eaſt, and 
welt parts of this realme, ſendethe greeting. Know ye, 


that in all nations and kingdoms the record and remem-- 


braunce of the valeant facts and vertuous diſpoſitions of 


worthie men have been made knowne and divulged by 


certeyne ſhields of arms and tokens of chevalrie ; the 
grant and teſtemonie whereof apperteyneth unto us, by 
vertu of our offices from the Quenes moſt Exc. Ma- 
jeſtie, and her Highenes moſt noble and victorious 
gay wherefore being ſolicited, and by credi- 


le. report informed, that John Shakſpeare, now of 


Stratford-upon-Avon, in the counte of Warwick, gent. 
whoſe parent, great grandfather, and late anteceſſor, for 
his faithefull and approved ſervice to the late moſt pru- 
dent prince, wins ee VII. of famous memorie, was 
advaunced and rewarded with lands and tenements, geven 


8 to him in thoſe parts of Warwiekſhere, where they have 
continewed by ſome deſcents in good reputacion and 


1 In the Herald's Office are the firſt draughts of John Shakſpeare's 


grant or confirmation of arms, by William Dethick, Garter, Princhpal 


King at Arms, 1596. See Vincent's Preſs, Vol. 157, No 23, and 24. 
3 F f Sr REZVNNS. 

In a Manuſcript in the College of Heralds, marked W. z. p. 276, 
is the following note: As for the ſpeare in bend, it is a patible 
difference, and the perſon to whom it was granted hath borne ma- 


giſtracy, and was juſtice of peace at Stratford-upon-Avon. He mar- 
ried the daughter and heire of Arderne, and was able to maintain that 


credits 


$M 
= 
n 
« # 
0 
<8 
wt." 2 
d 
7 

i 


SHAKSPEARE'S COAT OF ARMS. 18; 


credit; and for that the ſaid John Shakſpeare having 
maryed the daughter and one of tlie heyrs of Robert 
Arden of Wellingcote, in the ſaid countie, and alſo 
produced this his auncient cote of arms, heretofore aſ- 
ftigned to him whileſt he was her Majeſties officer and 
baylefe of that towne *; In conſideration of the premiſſes, 
and for the encouragement of his potteritie, unto whom 
ſuche blazon of arms and achevements of 1inher:tance 
from theyre ſaid mother, by the auncyent cuſtome and 
lawes of arms, maye lawfully deſcend; We the ſaid 
Garter and Clarencieulx have aſſigned, graunted, and 
by theſe preſents exemplefied unto the faid John Shak» 
ſpeare, and to his poſteritie, that ſhield and cote of arms, 
wiz, In a field of gould upon à bend ſables a ſpeare of the 
firft, the poynt upward, hedded argent; and for his crett 
or cogniſance, A falcon with his wyngs diſplayed, flant- 
ing on a wrethe of his coullers, ſupporting a ſpeare armed 
hedded, or ſteeled fylver, fyxed uppon a helmet with 
mantell and taſſel!s, as more playnely maye appeare de- 
pected on this margent ; and we have likewiſe uppon 
on other eſcucheon impaled the ſame with the auncyent 
arms of the ſaid Arden“ of Wellingcote ; ſignifieng 
therby, that it maye and ſhalbe lawfull for the ſaid 
John Shakſpeare, gent. to beare and uſe the ſame ſhield 


2 — bis auncient cote of arms, heretofore aſſigned to him whileſt he 
ev2s her Majeſties officer and baylefe of that togune;] This grant of arms 
was made by —— Cook, Clarencieux, in 1569, but is not now ex- 
tant in the Herald's-Office. MALONE. 

3 — and we have likewiſe—impaled the ſame with the auncyent arms 


of the ſaid Arden—] It is ſaid by the modern editor of Arden of Fe ver- 


ſham (firſt publiſhed in 1592 and reoubliſhed in 1770) that Shakſpeare 
deſcended by the fema'e line trom the gentleman whoſe unfortunate end 
is the ſubject of this tragedy. But the aſſertion appears to want ſup- 
port, the true name of the perſon who was murdered at Feverſham 
being Ardern and not Arden. Ardern might be called Arden in the play 
for the lake of better ſound, or might be corrupted in the chronicle of 
Holinthed ; yet it is unlikely that the true ſpelling ſhould be overlook- 
ed among the Heraids, whoſe intereſt it is to recommend by oſtenta- 
tious accuracy the trifles in which they deal. STEEveEns. 

Ardern was the original name, but in Shakſpeare's time it had been 
ſoftened to Arden. See p. 103. n. 1. MALONE. 


„„ 3 


184 SHAKSPEARE'S COAT OF ARMS: 


of arms, fingle or impaled,” as aforſaid, during his 
naturall lyffe; and that it ſhalbe lawfull for his chil. 
dren, yſſue, and poſteryte, (lawfully begotten,) to beare, 
uſe, and quarter, and ſhow forth the ſame, with theyre 
dewe differences, in all lawfull warlyke facts and civile 
uſe or exerciſes, according to the. lawes of arms, and 
cuſtome that to gentlemen belongethe, without let or 
interuption of any perſon or perſons, for uſe or bearing 
the ſame. In wyttneſſe and teſtemonye whereof we have 
ſubſcrebed our names, and faſtened the ſeals of our 
offices, geven at the Office of Arms, London, the | 


dayof in the xlii yere of the reigne of our moſt 


gratious Sovraigne lady Elizabeth, by the grace of God, 
s of Ingland, France, and Ireland, defender of 
tl e faith, &c. 1599. . ; 1 75 


5 SHAKSPEARE'S 


SHAKSPEARE'S WILL; 
h From the oR1IGINAL 
In the Office of the Prerogative Court of Canterbury. 


| Ficefimo quinto die Martii*, Anno Regni Domini noſtri Ja- 


cobi nunc Regis Angliz, Ac. decimo quarto, et Scotia 
 quadrage/imo nono. Anno Domini 1610. 


N the name of God, Amen. I William Shakſpeare 
of Stratford-upon- Avon, in the county of Warwick. 
gent. in perfect health and memory, (God be praiſed!) 
do make and ordain this my laſt will and teſtament in 
manner and form following; that is to ſay: 

Fir, I commend my ſoul into the hands of God my 
creator, hoping, and affuredly beheving, through the 
only merits of Jeſus Chriſt my Saviour, to be made par- 
taker of life everlaſting; and my body to the earth 


whereof it is made. 


 {iem, I give and bequeath unto my daughter Judith 
one hundred and fifty pounds of lawful Engliſh money, 
to be paid unto her in manner and form following ; that 
is to {ay, one hundred poands in diſcharge of her mar- 
riage portion within one year after my deceaſe, with 
conſideration after the rate of two ſhillings in the pound 
for fo long time as the ſame ſhall be unpaid unto her 
after my deceaſe; and the fifty pounds reſidue thereof, 


upon her ſurrendering of, or giving of ſuch ſufficient 


ſecurity as the overſeers of this my will ſhall like of, to 
ſurrender or grant, all her eſtate and right that ſhall de- 
ſeend or come unto her after my deceaſe, or that ſhe 
now hath, of, in, or to, one copyhold tenement, with 
the appurtenances, lying and being in Stratford-upon- 
Avon aforeſaid, in the ſaid county of Warwick, being 
parcel or holden of the manor of Rowington, unto my 
daughter Suſanna Hail, and her heirs for ever. | 

Item, I give and bequeath unto my ſaid daughter 
Judith one hundred es fifty pounds more, if .ſhe, or 
any iſſue of her body, be living at the end of three years 


1 Our poet's will appears to have been drawn up in February, though 
not executed till the following month; for February was firſt written, 
and afterwards ſtruek out, and March written over it. MALONE. 

Vor. I. LM 5] 5 next 


[4 


— — — entre 


3 
> 69 : ; 1 
* . n . 
. 


186 SHAKSPEARE'S WILL. 


next enſuing the day of the date of this my will, during 
which time my executors to pay her conſideration from, 
my deceaſe according to the rate aforeſaid: and if ſhe 
die within the ſaid term without iſſue of her body, then 
my will is, and I do give and bequeath one hundred 
pounds thereof to my niece * Elizabeth Hall, and the fifty 
pounds to be ſet forth by my executors during the life of 
my ſiſter Joan Hart, and the uſe and profit thereof 
coming, ſhall be paid to my ſaid ſiſter Joan, and after 
her deceaſe the ſaid fifty pounds ſhall remain amongſt 
the children of my ſaid ſiſter, equally to be divided 
amongſt them ; but if my ſaid daughter Judith be living; 
at the end of the ſaid three years, or any iſſue of her 
body, then my wall is, and ſo I deviſe and bequeath the 
ſaid hundred and fifty pounds to be ſet out by my execu- 


tors and overſeers for the beſt benefit of her and her 


iſſue, and the ſtock not to be paid unto her ſo long as 
ſhe ſhall be married and covert baron; but my will is, 
that ſhe ſhall have the conſideration yearly paid unto her 
during her life, and after her deceale the ſaid ſtock and 
conſideration to be paid to her children, if ſhe have any, 
and if not, to her executors or aſſigns, ſhe living the ſaid 
term after my deceaſe: provided that if ſuch huſband 
as ſhe ſhall at the end of the ſaid three years be married 
unto, or at any [time] after, do ſufficiently aſſure unto 
her, and the iſſue of her body, lands anſwerable to the 
ortion by this my will given unto her, and to be ad- 
Judged ſo by my executors and overſeers, then my will is, 
that the ſaid hundred and fifty pounds ſhall be paid to 
ſuch huſband as ſhall make ſuch aſſurance, to his own uſe. 
Item, I give and bequeath unto my ſaid ſiſter Joan 
twenty pounds, and all my wearing apparel, to be paid 


and delivered within one year after my deceaſe; and I 


do will and deviſe unto her the houſe, with the appur- 

tenances, in Stratford, wherein ſhe dwelleth, for her 

natural life, under the yearly rent of twelve-pence. 
Item, I give and bequeath unto her three ſons, William 


2 —to my niece —] Elizabeth Hall was our poet's grand-daughter. 
So, in. Otclello, Act I. ic. i. Iago ſays to Brabantio, “ You'll have your 


nep bexus neigh to you 3” meaning his grand- children. See the note 


there, MAL9NE« 
| Har fn 


* * a 
a eld ern 23ers means, | nit 
„ Mi Woe TT En TNA ID. 1 
IF ONES 3 hs 65. v3 * 
n n r Canes ; 
on 


4 * 4 — wa "AT a 4 n SITS > 994 all $4354 3558 - Ml 
22 1 eb dt a N 8 * — — 2 e AF 1 
8 v N 7 FO 1 N 3 u Fine Fe I p ** I E Wn RY RL Batt AT 
r 1 ».. ? DEI = ny bans r n r 8 S . r 
* W 8! r K r S Ou o SM SE SE K or = Mag e 8 
n e ee e IEEE EIS IBS. l Lo rate ge are ˙ L111. 3 3% pa 
2 n K 5 - by y 23 SETS oF ge $ N 3 : r 
' q d N % * * N - 
* » . 4 - = PF, - <a n 


nnn hs 


SHAKSPEARE'S WILL. 187 


Hart, Hart3, and Michael Hart, five pounds 
apiece, to be paid within one year after my deceaſe. 
Item, 1 give and bequeath unto the ſaid Elizabeth 
Hall all my plate, (except my broad filver and gilt 
bowl+#,) that I now have at the date of this my will. 
Item, I give and bequeath unto the poor of Stratford 
aforeſaid ten pounds; to Mr. Thomas Combe 5 my ſword ; 
to Thomas Ruſſel, eſq. five pounds; and to Francis 
Collins © of the borough of Warwick, in the county of 
Warwick, gent. thirteen pounds ſix ſhillings and eight- 
| Pence, to be paid within one year after my deceaſe. 
Item, I give and bequeath to Hamlet [ Hamner | Sadler? 


3 — Hart,] It is fingular that neither Shakſpeare nor any of his 
family ſhould have recollected the chriſtian name of his nephew, who 
was born at Stratford but eleven years before the making of his will. 
His chriſtian name was Thomas z and he was baptized in that town, 
July 24, 1605. M ALONE. 

4 - except my broad filver and gilt bowl, ] This bowl, as we after- 


wards find, our poet bequeathed to his daughter Judith. Inſtead of 


bowl, Mr. Theobald, and all the ſubſequent editors, have here printed 
hoxes, MALONE. . | 
5 — Mr. Thomas Combe,] This gentleman was baptized at Strat- 
ford, Feb. 9, 1588-9, ſo that he was twenty-ſeven years old at the 
time of Shakſpeare's death. He died at Stratford in July 1657, aged 
68; and his elder brother William died at the ſame place, Jan. 30, 
3666-7, aged 80, Mr. Thomas Combe by his will made Jay 20, 
16 56, directed his executors to convert all his perſonal property into 
money, and to lay it out in the purchaſe of lands, to be ſettled on 


William Combe, the eldeſt ſon of John Combe of Allchurch in the 


county of Worceſter, Gent. and his heirs male; remainder to his two 
brothers ſucceſſively, Where tEerefore our poet's ſword has wandered, 
I have not been able to diſcover, I have taken the trouble to aſcertain 
the ages of Shakſpeare's friends and relations, and the time of their 
deaths, becauſe we are thus enabled to judge how far the traditions 
concerning him, which were communicated to Mr. Rowe in the be- 
ginning of this century, are worthy of credit. MALONE. 

„ —to Francis Collins—] This gentleman, who was the ſon of 
Mr. Walter Collins, was baptized at Stratford, Dec. 24, 1582. I 
know not when he died. MaLoNEe. 
| — to Hamnet Sadler —) This gentleman was godfather to Shale. 
ſpeare's only ſon, who was called after him. Mr. Sadler, I believe, 
was born about the year 1550, and died at Stratford-upon- Avon, in 
October 1624. His wife, Judith Sadler, who was godmother to 
Shakſpeare's youngeſt daughter, was buried there, March 23, 1613-14. 
Our poet probably was godfather to their ſon William, who was bap- 
tized at Stratford, Feb. 5, 1597-8. MALONE, | 

Vol. I. E ſtwenty- 


© 
< 


W, 


ee po 


— 


. 
— 


| 
| 
| 


18 SHAKSPEARE'S WILL, 


twenty-ſix ſhillings eight-pence, to buy him a ring; to 
William Reynolds, gent. twenty - ſix ſhillings eight-pence, 
to buy him a ring; to my godſon William Walker“, 
twenty ſhillings in gold; to Anthony Naſh?, gent. 
twenty-ſix ſhillings eight- pence; and to Mr, John Naſh*, 
twenty-ſix ſhillings eight-pence ; and to my fellows, John 
Hemynge, Richard Burbage, and Henry Cundell*, 
twenty-ſix ſhillings eight-pence apiece, to buy them rings. 
Item, I give, will, bequeath, and deviſe, unto my 
— Suſanna Hall, for better enabling of her to 
perform this my will, and towards the performance 
thereof, all that capital meſſuage or tenement, with the 
appurtenances, in Stratford aforeſaid, called The New 
Place, wherein I now dwell, and two meſſuages or te- 
nements, with the appurtenances, ſituate, lying, and 
being in Henley-ſtreet, within the borough of Stratford 
aforeſaid; and all my barns, ſtables, orchards, gardens, 
lands, tenements, and hereditaments whatſoever, ſituate, 
lying, and being, or to be had, received, perceived“, or 
taken, within the towns, hamlets, villages, flelds, and 
grounds of Stratford- upon-Avon, Old Stratford, Biſh- 
opton, aud Welcombe 3, or in any of them, in the ſaid 
| county 


8 — to my godſon William Malter, ] William, the ſon of Henry 
Walker, was baptized at Stratford, Oct. 16, 1608. I mention this 
circumſtance, becauſe it aſcertains that our authour was at his native 
town in the autumn of that year. Mr. William Walker was buried 

at Stratford, March 1, 1679-80. MALONE. 
9 te Antbony Naſh,] He was father of Mr. Thomas Naſh, 
who married our poet's grand-daughter, Elizabeth Hall, He lived, 
I believe, at Welcombe, where his eſtate lay; and was buried at 
Stratford, Nov. 18, 1622. MALONE. | 

3 —to Mr, Fobn Naſh,] This gentleman died at Stratford, and 
was buried there, Nov. 10, 1623. MALONE. | 
2 — to my fellows, Fobn Hemynge, Richard Burbage, and Henry 
Cundell,] Theſe our poet's fellows did not very long ſurvive him. 
Burbage died in. March 1619; Cundell in December, 1627; and 
Heminge in October, 1630. See their wills in the Account of our 
eld Afors in the Second Part of this volume. MAL ONE. 

* received, perceived, ] Inſtead of theſe words, we have hitherto 
bad in all the printed copies of this will, reſerved, preſerved. MALONE. 

3 —old Stratford, nl and Wahombe | he lands of Old 
Stratford, Biſhopton, and Welcombe, here deviſed, were in Shak- 
ſpeare's time a continuation of one large field, all in the pariſh of _ 

Iod. 


- SHAKSPEARE'S WILLI. 189 


county of Warwick; and alſo all that meſſuage or tene- 


ment, with the appurtenances, wherein one John Robin- 
fon dwelleth, ſituate, lying, and being, in the Black- 
friars in London near the Wardrobe 5; and all other my 
lands, tenements, and hereditaments whatſoever ;z to 
have and to hold all and ſingular the ſaid premiſes, with 


their appurtenances, unto the ſaid Suſanna Hall, for 


and during the term of her natural life; and after her 
deceaſe to the firſt ſon of her body lawfully iſſuing, and 
to the heirs males of the body of the ſaid firſt fon law- 
fully ifſuing ; and for default of ſuch iſſue, to the ſecond 
ſon of her body lawfully iſſuing, and to the heirs males 


of the body of the ſaid ſecond ſon lawfully iſſuing; and 
for default of ſuch heirs, to the third ſon of the body of 


the ſaid Suſanna lawfully iſſuing, and to the heirs males 


of the body of the ſaid third fon lawfully ifluing ; and 


for default of ſuch iſſue, the ſame ſo to be and remain to 


the fourth, fifth, ſixth, and ſeventh ſons of her body, 


lawfully iffuing one after another, and to the heirs males 
of the bodies of the ſaid fourth, fifth, ſixth, and ſeventh 
ſons lawfully iſſuing, in ſuch manner as it is before 
limited to be and remain to the firſt, ſecond, and third 


ford. Biſhopton is two miles from Stratford, and Welcombe one. 
For Biſhopton, Mr. Theobald erroneouſly printed Buſbaxton, and the 
errour has been continued in all the ſubſequent editions. The word 


in Shakſpeare's original will is ſpelt Buſpopron, the vulgar pronun- 


ciation of Biſhopton. | 

I ſearched the Indexes in the Rolls-chapel from the year 1589 to 
2616, with the hope of finding an enrolment of the purchaſe-deed of 
the eſtate here deviſed by our poet, and of aſcertaining its extent and 
value; but it was not enrolled during that period, nor could I find 
any inquifition taken after his death, by which its value might have 
been aſcertained, I ſuppoſe it was conveyed by the former owner to 
Shakſpeare, not by bargain and ſale, but by a deed of feoffment, which 
it was not neceſſary to enroll, MALONE. 

4 — that meſſuage or tenement—in the Blackfriars in London near the 
Wardrobe;] This was the houſe which was mortgaged to Henry 
Walker, See p. 192. 

By the Wardrobe is meant the King's Great Wardrobe, a royal 
houſe, near Pudd!e Wharf, purchaſed by King Edward the Third 
from Sir John Beauchamp, who built it. King Richard III. was 
lodged in this houſe in the ſecond year of his reign, See Stowe's Sur- 
vey, p. 693, edit. 1613, After the fire of London this office was 
kept in the Savoy; but it is now aboliſhed, MATONE. 


n DM 7] ſons 


ö 
| 
| 


190 SHAKSPEAKE'S WILL, 
ſons of her body, and to their heirs males; and for de. 
fault of ſuch iſſue, the ſaid premiſes to be and remain to 
my ſaid niece Hall, and the heirs males of her body 
lawfully iſſuing ; and for default of ſuch iſſue, to my 
daughter Judith, and the heirs males of her body law- 
fully iſſuing ; and for default of ſuch iſſue, to the right 
heirs of me the ſaid Wlliam Shakſpeare for ever. 

Item. I give unto my wife my ſecond beſt bed, with the 
furniture 5. 0 , | 

Item, I give and bequeath to my ſaid daughter Judith 
my broad filver gilt bowl. All the reſt of my goods, 
chattels, leaſes, 12 jewels, and houſhold- ſtuff what- 
ſoever, after my debts and legacies paid, and my funeral 
expences diſcharged, I give, deviſe, and bequeath to 
my ſon-in-law, John Hall, gent. and my daughter 
Suſanna his wife, whom I ordain and make executors of 
this my laſt will and teſtament. And I do entreat and 
appoint the ſaid Thomas Ruſſel, eſq. and Francis Col- 
lins, gent. to be overſeers hereof. And do revoke all 
former wills, and publiſh this to be my laſt will and 
teſtament. In witneſs whereof I have hereunto put my 


hand, the day and year firſt above-written, 


Buy mes Gilliam Shakſpeares 
Witneſs to the publiſhing hereof, | 
Fra. Collyns?, 
Julius Shaw“, 
2 Robinſon ?, 
amnet Sadler“, 
Robert Whattcott, | | 
Probatum fuit teſtamentum ſupraſcriptum apud Lon- 
don, coram Magiſtro William Byrde, Legum Doctore, 
c. viceſimo ſecundo die menſis Funii, Anno Domini 
1616; juramento Fobannis Hall unius ex. cui, c. 
de bene, Cc. jurat. reſervata poteftate, c. 
Suſanne Hall alt. ex. Fc. eam cum wenerit, Cc. 


petitur, Oe. | 


S. — my ſecond befl bed, with the furniture.) Thus Shakſpeare's 
original will. Mr. Theobald and the other modern editors have been 
more bountiful. ts Mrs, Shakſpeare, having printed inſtead of theſe 
words, 6 my brown beſt bed, with the furniture.” MALONE. 

It appears, in the original will of Shakſpeare, (now in the Pre- 


rogative-Office Doctors Commons,) that he had forgot his "wy ; the 
4 5 | egacy 


FFP ˙ IG ⁵ 2 Gr —— — 


= Hun Cp * 


+; * 
. 6c r 


SHARK SPEARE'Ss WILL. 191 


legacy to her being expreſſed by an interlineation, as well as thoſe to 
Heminge, Burbage, and Condell. | 
The will is written on three ſheets of paper, the two laft of which 
are undoubtedly ſubſcribed with Shakſpeare's own hand. The firſt 
indeed has his name in the margin, but it differs ſomewhat in ſpelling 
as well as manner, from the two ſignatures that follow. The reader 
will find a fac-ſimile of all the three, as well as thoſe of the witneſſes, 
oppoſite p. 190, STEEVENS, 
The name at the top of the margin of the firſt ſheet was probably 
_ written by the ſcrivener who drew the will. This was the conſtant 
practice in Shakſpeare's time, Mazoxr. 
© By me William Shakſpeare.] This was the mode of our poet's 
time. Thus the Regiſter of Stratford is ſigned at the bottom of each 
page, in the year 1616, Per me Richard Watts, Miniſter.'* Theſe 
concluding words have hitherto been inaccurately exhibited thus : 
66 — the day and year firſt above-written by me, William Shakſpeare. 
Neither the day, nor year, nor any preceding part of this will, was 
written by our poet. By me, &c. only means—T he abgve is the 
vill of me William Shakſpeare. MALONE- 
7 — Fra. Collins.) See p. 187, n. 6. MALoNE. | | '1v 
8 — Fulius Shaw —] was born in Sept. 1571. He married Anne | 
Boyes, May 5, 1594; and died at Stratford in June 1629. MATLONE. | ; 
9 — Jbn Robinſon, ] John, fon of Thomas Robinſon, was baptized = 
at Stratiord, Nov, 30, 1589. I know not when he died. MarONR. 
— Hamnet Sadler. ] See p. 187, n. 7. MALONEs 


— —<re DIIn 


— — „% x ß ˙ A W A AA _ 


" 
an 0 
— FS — 


MORTGAGE 


2 -— on 1 


e o N T GAGE 
MADE BY S HAK SFE ARE. 


* 


x A. D. 1612-13. 8 


THE following is a tranſcript of a deed executed 
by, our authour three years before his death. The 
original deed, which was found in the year 1768; 
among the title-deeds of the Rev. Mr. Fetherſtonhaugh, 
of Oxted in the county of Surry, is now in the poſleſion 
of Mrs. Garrick, by whom it was obligingly tranſinit- 
ted to me through the hands of the Hon. Mr. Horace 
Walpole. Much has lately been ſaid in various publi- 
cations, relative to the proper mode of ſpelling Shak - 
ſpeare's name. Tt is hoped we fhall hear no more idle 
babble upon this ſubject. He ſpelt his name himſelf a8 
I have juſt now written it, without the middle e. Let 
this therefore for ever decide the queſtion. - 15 
It ſhould be remembered that to all ancient deeds 
were appended labels of parchment, which were inſerted 
at the bottom of the deed; on the upper part of which 
labels thus riſing above the reſt of the parchment, the 
executing parties wrote their names. Shakſpeare, not 
finding room for the whole of his name on the labe], 
attempted to write the remaining letters at top, but 
having allowed himſelf only room enough to write the 
letter a, he gave the matter up. His hand-writing, 
of which a fac-/imile is annexed, is much neater 
than many others, which I have ſeen, of that age. 
He neglected, however, to ſcrape the parchment, in 
conſequence of which the letters appear imperfectly 
formed. | | 
He purchaſed the eſtate here mortgaged, from Henry 
Walker, for 140l. as appears from the enrolment of the 
deed of bargain and ſale now in the Rolls-Chapel, dated 
the preceding day, March 10, 1512-13. The deed here 
printed ſhews that he paid down only eighty pounds of 
the purchaſe-money, and mortgaged the premiſes for 


the remainder, This deed and the purchaſe-deed were 


probably 


> 
RD 
— _ 
0 A £ DO % 
C > \ 
DDD N 
5 r e 8 . 5 
N D S | 
JR 8 by N . * — > > N - 

NN SK Nee bo Y — > — 
ö N * . Y : — — * —— 
ä \ x > —— — — — — — . . * 

— , — - — a 8 a 
o 
.* 
To 
1 
Ad 
WET” 
(I 
— —_ - * = 
- 
* 
* 


„ 2 e, CLI * Lito; TL . Fu A, i Ge ” F- AH PI 
OH2- Vue 2 could L FO 222 15 , : 


3 Ghalhcare 


I non ref ON: tc tan. ee Me adit ns. He 22 „ 


— 


FP 


— — ——ä— 


— — 


— 22 


—ññ — 


SHAKSPEARE'S MORTGAGE. 193 


probably both executed on the ſame day, (March 10,) 
like our modern conveyance of Leaſe and Releaſe. 
| 2 MaLone. 


HIS INDENTURE made the eleaventh day of 
March, in the yeares of the reigne of our Sove- 
reigne Lorde James, by the grace of God, king of 
England, Scotland, Fraunce, and Ireland, defender of 
the faith, &c. that is to ſay, of England, Fraunce 
and Ireland the tenth, and of Scotland the fix-ande 
fortith; Between William Shakeſpeare of Stratford- 
upon-Avon, in the Countie of Warwick, gentleman, 
William Johnſon, Citizen and Vintener of London, 
John Jackſon, and John Hemyng of London, gentle- 
men, of thone partie, and Henry Walker, Citizen and 
Minſtrell of London, of thother partie; Witneſſeth, that 
the ſaid William Shakeſpeare, William Johnſon, John 
Jackſon, and John Hemyng, have demited, graunted, 
and to ferme letten, and by theis preſents do demiſe, 
graunt, and to ferme lett unto the ſaid Henry Walker, 
all that dwelling-houſe or tenement, with thappurte- 
naunts, ſituate and being within the precinct, circuit 
and compaſſe of the late Black firyers, London, ſome- 
tymes in the tenure of James Gardyner, Eſquire, and 
fince that in the tenure of John Forteſcue,. gent. and 
now or late being in the tenure or occupation of one 
William Ireland, or of his aſſignee or aſſignes; abut- 
ting upon a ſtreete leading downe to Puddle Wharfe, on 
the eaſt part, right againſt the kings Majeſties Ward- 
robe; part of which ſaid tenement is erected over a 
greate gate leading to a capitall meſſuage, which ſome- 
tyme was in the tenure of William Blackwell, Eſquire, 
deceaſed, and ſince that in the tenure or occupation of 
the right honourable Henry now Earle of Northumber- 
lande: And alſo all that plott of ground on the welt fide 
of the ſame tenement, which was lately incloſed with 
boords on two ſides thereof, by Anne Baton, widow, 
ſoe farre and in ſuch ſorte as the ſame was incloſed by 
the ſaid Anne Baton, and not otherwiſe; and being on 
Vol. f. 81 [N] the 


„ — —— — CC 


— — — — ——§m4ʒ A DAI — :t᷑:i᷑ „ 


— —— —ꝓ——UUk'Im[—H— x — 


164 SHAKSPEARE'S MORT GAGE. 
the third fide incloſed with an ald brick wall; which 
ſaid plott of ground was ſometyme parcell and taken out 
of a great voyde peece of ground lately uſed for a gar- 
den ; and alſo the ſoyle whereupon the ſaid tenement 
ſtandeth; and alfo the ſaid brick wall and boords which 
doe incloſe the ſaid platt of ground; with free entrie, 
acceſie, ingreſſe, egreſſe, and regreſſe, in, by, and 
through, the ſaid great gate and yarde there, unto the 
ufual dore of the ſaid tenement : And allo all and ſingu- 
lar cellors, ſollers, romes, lights, eafiaments, profitts, 
commodities, and appurtenaunts whatſoever to the ſaid 
dwelling-houſe or tenement belonging or in any wiſe 
apperteyning : 'FO HAVE and to HOLDE the ſaid 
dwelling-houſe or tenement, cellers, ſollers, romes, 
plott of ground, and all and ſingular other the pre- 
miſſes above by theis preſents mentioned to bee de- 
miſed, and every part and parcell thereof, with thap- 
purtenaunts, unto the faid Henry Walker, his executors, 
adminiſtrators and aſſignes, from the feaſt of thannund- 
cCiacon of the bleſſed Virgin Marye next coming after 
the date hereof, unto thende and terme of One hundred 
yeares from thence next enſuing, and fullie to be com- 
pleat and ended, withoute impeachment of, or for, any 
manner of waſte: VELDING and paying therefore 
yearlie during the ſaid terme unto the faid William 
Shakeſpeare, William Johnſon, John Jackſon, and John 
Hemyng, their heires and aſſignes, a pepper corne at 
the feaſt of Eaſter yearly, yf the ſame be lawfullie de- 
maunded, and noe more. PROVIDED alwayes, that if 
the ſaid William Shakeſpeare, his heires, executors, 
adminiſtrators or aſſignes, or any of them, doe well and 
trulie paie or cauſe to be paid to the ſaid Henry 
Walker, his executors, adminiſtrators or aflignes, the 
ſome of threeſcore pounds of lawfull money of England, 
in and upon the nyne and twentith day of September 
next coming after the date hereof, at, or in, the nowe 
dwelling-houſe of the ſaid Henry Walker, ſituate and 
being in the pariſh of Saint Martyn neer Ludgate, of 
London, at one entier payment without delaie; That 
then and from thenesforth this preſente leaſe, demife and 
| | graunt, 


8H AKS PEARE'S MORTGAGE. 195 
graunt, and all and every matter and thing herein con- 
teyned (other then this proviſoe, ) ſhall ceaſe, determine, 
and bee utterlie voyde, fruſtrate, and of none effect, as 
though the ſame had never beene had, ne made; theis 
preſents or any thing therein conteyned to the contra 
thereof in any wiſe notwithſtanding. And the ſaid Wil- 
liam Shakeſpeare for himſelfe, his heires, executors, and 
adminiſtrators, and for every of them, doth covenaunt, 
promiſſe and graunt to, and with, the ſaid Henry Walker, 
his executors, adminiſtrators, and aflignes, and everie 
of them, by theis preſentes, that he the ſaid William 
Shakeſpeare, his heires, executors, adminiſtrators or 
aſſignes, ſhall and will cleerlie acquite, exonerate and 
diſcharge, or from tyme to tyme, and at all tymes 
hereafter, well and ſufficientlie ſave and keepe harmleſs 
the ſaid Henry Walker, his executors, adminiſtrators, 
and aflignes, and every of them, and the ſaid premiſſes 
by theis preſents demiſed, and every parcell thereof, 
with thappurtenaunts, of and from all and al manner 
of former and other bargaynes, ſales, guiftes, graunts, 
leaſes, jointures, dowers, intailes, ſtatuts, recogni- 
zaunces, judgments, executions ; and of, and from, all 
and every other charge, titles, troubles, and incum- 
brances whatſoever by the ſaid William Shakeſpeare, 
William Johnſon, John Jackſon, and John Hemyng, 
or any of them, or by their or any of their meanes, had 
made, committed or done, before thenſealing and de- 
livery of theis preſents, or hereafter before the ſaid nyne 
and twentith day of September next comming after the 
date hereof, to bee had, made, committed or done, 
except the rents and ſervits to the cheef lord or lords 
of the fee or fees of the premiſſes, for, or in reſpect 
of, his or their ſegnorie or ſeignories onlie, to bee due 
and done. ; | 

IN WITNESSE whereof the ſaid parties to theis in- 
_ dentures interchangeablie have ſett their ſeales. Yeoven 
the day and years firſt above written, 1612 [1612-13]. 


” Shakspe, An Johnson. Jo. Jackson. 
IN 2] 


c —— —ůÄů — ů 2 — — 22 


é y2— — — ͤ ́——— 


— 


2 


= 


4 
4 
4 
a | 
j 


296 SHAKSPEARE'S MORTGAGE. | 


Enſealed and delivered by the ſaid 
William Shakeſpeare, William 


Johnſon, and John Jackſon *, 


in the preſence of 
Will. Atkinſon. Robert Andrews, Scr+. 
Ed. Oudry. Henry Lawrence, e to 


the ſaid Scr. 


ohn Heming did not ſign, or feal, MAroR E. 
+ i. e. Serivener. MALONE., 


ANCIENT AND MODERN 
COMMENDATORY VERSES 
: „ 


SHAKSPEARE 


On WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, Who died in April, 
; 1616 15 


Enowned Spenſer, lie a thought more nigh 
To learned Chaucer ; and rare Beaumont lie 
A little nearer Spenſer, to make room 
For Shakſpeare, in your three-fold, four-fold tomb. 8 
0 


1 In a collection of manuſcript poems which was in the poſſeſſion of 
the late Guſtavus Brander, Eſq. theſe verſes are entitled BASGR 
ris ELEG1E one [en] poett Shakeſpeare, who died in April 1616.“ 
The Mſ. appears to have been written ſoon after the year 1621. In 
the edition of our authour's poems in 1640, they are ſubſcribed with 
the initials W. B. only. They were erroneouſly attributed to Dr. 
Donne, in a quarto edition of his poems printed in x633 ; but his fon 
Dr. John Donne, a Civilian, publiſhed a more correct edition of his 
father's poems in 1735, and rejected the verſes on Shakſpeare, know- 
ing, without doubt, that they were written by another, 

From the words „ avho died in April 1616,” it may be inferred that 
theſe lines were written recently after Shakſpeare's death, when the 
month and year in which he died were well known. At a more diſtant 
period the month would probably have been forgotten; and that was 
not an age of ſuch curiofity as would have induced a poet to ſearch the 
regiſter at Stratford on ſuch a ſubjedt. From the addreſs to Chaucer 
and Spenſer it ſhould ſeem, that when theſe verſes were compoſed the 
writer thought it probable that a cenotaph would be erected to Shak- 
ſpeare in Weſtminſter- Abbey. 

There is a copy of theſe lines in a manuſcript volume of poems 
written by W. Herrick and others, among Rawlinſon's Collections in 
the Bodleian library at Oxford; and another among the Sloanian Mſs. 
in the Muſeum, No. 1702. In the Oxford Copy they are entitled 
« Shakſpeare's Epitaph ;** but the authour is not mentioned. There 
are ſome ſlight variations in the different copies, which I ſhall ſet 
down. | x 

Line 2. To rare Beaumond, and learned Beaumond lie, &c. edit. 1633. 
Line 5. To lodge in one hed all four make a ſhift - Mſ. Brander. 

To lodge all four in one bed, c. Mſ. R. and 8. 
To lie all four, &c. Edit. 1633. | 
| LN 3] Line 


2 r 


n 


9 
rut . rio oe 


— 


D 2. 225% AER. ao 


4 
: 
' 
' 
: 


ſt 
if 
1 


—— + 


= 
3g 


198 POEMS ON SHAKSPEARE. 


To lodge all four in one bed make a ſhift 


Until doomſday ; for hardly will a fift * 
Betwixt this day and that by fate be ſlain, 
For whom your curtains may be drawn again. 
But if precedency in death doth bar 

A fourth place in your ſacred ſepulchre, 
Under this carved marble of thine own, 


Sleep, rare tragedian, Shakſpeare, ſleep alone, 


Thy unmoleſted peace, unſhared cave, 

Poſſeſs, as lord, not tenant, of thy grave; 
That unto us and others it may be 
Honour hereafter to be laid by thee. 


Line 7. So B. S. and R. 

by fates be flain, Edit. 1633. 

Line 8. So B. and S. | 
ul be drawn again. R. 

| —— need be drawn again. 1633. 

Line g. But if precedency of death, &c. Edit, 1633. 
Tf ycur precedency in death, &c. B. R. S. 

Line 10. So B. R. and edit. 1633. | 

| A fourth to have place in your ſepulcher,.— 8. 
Line 11. So B. and R. | by 


WILLIAM Bass E. 


— under this curled marble of thine own, Edit. 1633. 


| under this ſable, &c. S. 
Line 12. So B. S. and edit. 1633. 
Sleep, rare comedian, &c. R. 
Line 13. So B, and N. : 
__  Thine unmoleſted peace, unſhared cave—S., 


Thy unmoleſted peace ia an unſbared cave.— Edit, 1633. 


Line 14. So B. 
Poſſeſs as lord not tenant of the grave. S. 
— to thy grave. R. 
This couplet is not in edit. 1633. | 
Line 15. So Edit. 1633. | 


| That unto us, er others, &c. B. R. and S. Maronr. 
2 Fifth was formerly corruptly written and pronounced ift. Ihave 
adhered to the old ſpelling on account of the rhyme. This corrupt 


pronunciation yet prevails in Scotland, and in many parts 


/ 


of England. 
MALONEs» 


To 


POEMS ON SHAKSPEARE. 199 


To the Memory of my Beloved, 
the Author, Mr. WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 
and what he hath left us. 


To draw noenvy, Shakſpeare, on thy name, 

Am I thus ample to thy book, and fame; 

While I confeſs thy writings to be ſuch, 

As neither man, nor mule, can praiſe too much; 

*Tis true, and all men's ſuffrage : but theſe ways 

3 Were not the paths I meant unto thy praiſe: 

3 For ſeelieſt ignorance on theſe may light, 

IF Which, when it ſounds at beſt, but echoes right ; 
Or blind affection, which doth ne'er advance 
The truth, but gropes, and urgeth all by chance; 
Or crafty malice might pretend this praiſe, 

And think to ruin, where it ſeem'd to raiſe: 

Theſe are, as tome infamous bawd, or whore, 
Should praiſe a matron ; what could hurt her more ? 
But thou art proof againſt them ; and, indeed, 
Above the ill fortune of them, or the need: 

1, therefore, will begia :—Soul of the age, 

The applauſe, delight, the wonder of our Rage, 
My Shakſpeare, rife ! I will not lodge thee by 
Chaucer, or Spenſer; or bid Beaumont lie 

A little further, to make thee a room 3 : 

Thou art a monument, without a tomb; 

And art alive ftill, while thy book doth live, 
And we have wits to read, and praiſe to give. 
That I not mix thee fo, my brain excuſes ; 

I mean, with great but diſproportion'd muſes ; 
For, if I thought my judgment were of years, 

I ſhould commit thee ſurely with thy peers ; 
And tell—how far thou didſt our Lily outſhine “, 
Or ſporting Kyd 5, or Marlowe's mighty lines. 


And 


3 — to make thee a room :] See the preceding verſes by Baſſe, 
MaroNnt. 
+ —our Lily outſhine,] Lylly wrote nine plays during the reign of 
Q. Eliz. viz, Alexander and Campaſpe, T. C; Endymion, C; Galatea, 
C; Loves Metamorphoſis, Dram: Paſt; Maids Metamorphoſis, C; 
Mother Bombie, C; Mydas, C; Th, * Phao, C; and Woman 
| 4 in 


g — 


be A ** mand 
rome 0 —ů e — — 
0 7 — "a AT 
2 "on. = - _ 
* 


$50 POEMS ON SHAKSPEARE. 


And though thou hadſt ſmall Latin, and leſs Greek, 
From thence to honour thee, I would not ſeek 

For names ; but call forth thund'ring Zſchylus, 
Euripides, and Sophocles, to us, 

Pacuvius, Accius, him of Cordova dead, 

To life again, to hear thy buſkin tread 


u the Moon, C. To the pedantry of this author perhaps we are in- 
debted for the firſt attempt to polith and reform our language, See 
his Eupbues and bis England. STEEVENS. | 
5 —or ſporting Kyd,] It appears from Heywood's Actors Vindi- 
cation that Thomas Kyd was the author of the Spaniſh Tragedy, The 
late Mr. Hawkins was of opinion that Soliman and Perſeda was by the 
ſame hand. The only piece however, which has deſcended to us, 
even with the initial lerters of his name affixed to it, is Pompey the 
Great his fair Cornelia's Tragedy, which- was firſt publiſhed in 1594, 
and, with ſome alteration in the title-page, again in 1595. This is 
no more than a tranſlation from Robert Garnier, a French poet, who 
diſtinguiſhed himſelf during the reigns of Charles IX. Henry III. and 
Henry IV. and died at Mans in 1602, in the 56th year of his age. 
| ; ; STEEVENS. 
6 — or Marlowe's mighty line.] Marlowe was a performer as well 
as an author, His contemporary Hey wood calls him the beſt of poets. 
He wrote fix tragedies, viz, Dr. Fauſtus's Tragical Hiſtory ; King 
Edward II; Few of Malta; Luſt's Dominion; Maſſacre of Paris; 
and Tamburlaine the Great, in two parts, He likewiſe joined with 
Nafp in writing Dido Queen of Carthage, and had begun a tranſlation 
of Muſzus's Hero and Leander, which was finiſhed by Chapman, and 
publiſhed in 1606. STEEVENS. | | | 
Chriſtopher Marlowe was born probably about the yeat 1566, as he 
took the degree of Bachelor of Arts at Cambridge, in 1583. I do not 
believe that he ever was an actor, nor can I find any authority for it 
Higher than the Theatrum Poetarum of Philips, in 1674, which is in- 
accurate in many circumſtances. Beard, who four years after Mar- 
lowe's death gave a particular account of him, does not ſpeak of him 
as an actor. © He was,” ſays that writer, © by profeſſion a ſcholler, 
brought up from his youth in the univerſitie of Cambridge, but by 
practice a play- maler and a poet of ſcurrilitie.“ Neither Drayton, nor 
Decker, nor Naſhe, nor the authour of the Return from Parnaſſus, 
4606, nor Heywood in his prologue to the Few of Malta, give the 
flighteſt intimation of Marlowe's having trod the ſtage.» He was 
ftabbed in the ſtreet, and died of the wound, in 1593. His Hero and 
Learder was publiſhed in quarto, in 1598, by Edward Blount, as an 


impe fect work. The fragment ended with this line: „ Dany'd down 


to heil her loathſome carriage.” Chapman completed the poem, and 


And 


publiſhed it as it now appears, in 1600. MALONE, 


2 


- 1 


POEMS ON SHAKSPEARE, 201 


And ſhake a ſtage: or, when thy ſocks were on, 
Leave thee alone; for the compariſon | 
Of all, that inſolent Greece, or haughty Rome, 
Sent forth, or ſince did from their aſhes come. 
Triumph, my Britain! thou haſt one to ſhow, 
To whom all ſcenes of Europe homage owe. 

He was not of an age, but for all time; 

And all the muſes ſtill were in their prime, 
When like Apollo he came forth to warm 

Our ears, or like a Mercury to charm, 

Nature herſelf was proud of his deſigns, | 
And joy'd to wear the dreſſing of his lines 


Which were ſo richly ſpun, and woven ſo fit, . 


As, ſince, ſhe will vouchſafe no cther wit : 
The merry Greek, tart Ariſtophanes, 


Neat Terence, witty Plautus, now not pleaſe ; 


But antiquated and deſerted he, 

As they were not of Nature's family. 

Yet muſt I not give nature all; thy art 7, 

My gentle Shakſpeare, muſt enjoy a part ;— 
For, though the poet's matter nature be, 

His art doth give the faſhion : and that he, 
Who caſts to write a living line, mult ſweat, 
(Such as thine are) and ſtrike the ſecond heat 
Upon the muſes? anvil ; turn the ſame, - 
(And himſelf with it) that he thinks to frame; 
Or, for the laurel, he may gain a ſcorn, — 


For a good poet's made, as well as born: 


And ſuch wert thou. Look, how the father's face 
Lives in his iſſue; even ſo the race F 
Of Shakſpeare's mind, and manners, brightly ſhines 
In his well-torned and true-filed lines ; 5 


In 
— thy art, ; 
My gentle Shakſpeare, muſt enjoy a part ;—] Yet this writer in his 
converſation with Mr. Drummond of Rawthornden in 1619, ſaid, that 
Shakſpeare “wanted art, and ſometimes ſenſe.” MaroNE. 
8 — true-filed lines; ] The ſame praiſe is given to Shakſpeare by 
a preceding writer.“ As Epius Stolo ſaid that the Muſes would 
ſpeak with Plautus his tongue, if they would ſpeak Latin, ſo I ſay 
that the Muſes would ſpeak with Shakſpeare's fine fled phraſe, if 
they would ſpeak Engliſh.” Wit's Treaſury, by Francis Meres, 1598. 
| | | It 


202 POEMS ON SHAKSPEARE, 


In each of which he ſeems to ſhake a lance, 


As brandiſh'd at the eyes of i ignorance. 
Sweet ſwan of Avon, what a fight it were, 


To ſee thee in our waters yet appear; 
And make thoſe flights upon the banks of Thames, 


'That ſo did take Eliza, and our James ! 
But ſtay; I ſee thee in the hemiſphere 
Advanc'd, and made a conſtellation there :— 
Shine forth, thou ftar of poets ; and with rage, 
Or influence, chide, or cheer, the drooping ſtage ; 
Which, ſince thy flight from hence, hath mourn'd like 
| night, 
And deſpairs My bat 75 thy volume's light! 
B. Joxsox ?. 
Upon 


It is ſomewhat 1 that at a ſubſequent period Shakſpeare was 
cenſured for the want of that elegance which is here juſtly attributed 
to him. „ Though all the laws of Heroick Poem,” ſays the authour 
of Theatrum Poetarum, 1674, © all the laws of tragedy, were exactly 
obſerved, yet {till this tour entrej ante, this poetick energie, if I may ſo 
call it, would be required to give life to all the reſt; which ſhines 
through the rougheſt, moſt unpoliſh'd and antiquated. language, and 
may haply be wanting in the moſt polite and reformed. Let us obſerve 
Spenſer, with all his ruſtick obſolete words, with all his rough- hewn 
clouterly phraſes, yet take him throughout, and we ſhall find in him 
a graceful and poetic majeſtie: in like manner Shakſpeare, in ſpite of 
all his anffled expreſſions, his rambling and indigeſted fancies, the 
laughter of the critical, yet muſt be confeſs'd a poet above many that 
go beyond him in literature ſome degrees.” MaLoNE. 

9 extinftus amabitur idem. 

This obſervation of Horace was never more completely verified than 
by the poſthumous applauſe which Ben Jonſon has beſtowed on Shak- 


 ſpeare: 


the gracious Duncan 
Was pitied of Macbeth: marry, Be was dead, 

Let us now compare the preſent elogium of old Ben with ſuch of 
his other ſentiments as have reached poſterity. 

In April 1748, when the Lower's Melancholy by Ford, (a friend 
and contemporary of Shakſpeare,) was revived for a benefit, the fol- 
lowing letter appeared in the General, now the Public, Adwertiſer. 

— It is hoped that the following gleaning of theatrical hiſtory will 
readily obtain a place in your paper. It is taken from a pamphlet 
written in the reign of Charles I. with this quaint title, „ Old Ben's 
Light Heart made heavy by . Fobn's Melancholy Lover,” =_ 


Y + 
I 


POEMS ON SHAKSPEARE, cz 


1 Upon the Lines, and Life, of the famous | 
Scenick Poet, Maſter WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 
Thoſe hands, which you ſo clapp'd, go now andwring, 


You Britains brave; for done are Shakſpeare's days; 


His days are done, that made the dainty plays, 
Which made the globe of heaven and earth to ring : 
| | Dry'd 
as it contains ſome hiſtorical anecdotes and altercations concerning 
Ben Jon ſon, Ford, Shakſpeare, and the Lover's Melancholy, it is ima- 
gined that a few extrafts from it at this juncture, will not be unen- 
tertaining to the publick.“ 
© Thoſe who have any knowledge of the theatre in the reigns of 
James and Charles the Firſt, muſt know, that Ben Jonſon, from great 
critical language, which pas then the portion but of very few, his 
merit as a poet, and his conſtant aſſociation with men of letters, did, 
for a conſiderable time, give /aws to the lage. 
© Ben was by nature ſplenetic and ſour ; with a ſhare of envy, (for 
every anxious genius has ſome) more than was warrantable in ſociety. 
By education rather critically than politely learned; which ſwell'd 
his mind into an oftentatious pride of bis ozon works, and an over- 
bearing inexorable judgment of his contemporaries.? 
© This raiſed him many enemies, who towards the cloſe of his life 
endeavoured to dethrone this tyrant, as the pamphlet ftiles him, out 
of the dominion of the theatre. And what greatly contributed to 
their deſign, was the flights and malignances which the rigid Ben too 
frequently threw out againſt the /ozv/y Shakſpeare, whoſe fame ſince 
his death, as appears by the pamphlet, was grown too great for Ben's 
envy either to bear with or wound.” | | 
© It would greatly exceed the limits of your paper to ſet down all 
the contempts and invectives which were uttered and written by Ben, 
and are collected and produced in this pampblet, as unanſwerable and 
ſhaming evidences to prove his Il. nature and ingratitude to Shakſpeare, 
who firſt introduced him to the theatre and fame. 
© But though the whole of theſe invectives cannot be ſet down at 
mY ſome few of the heads may not be diſagreeable, which are as 
ollow.“ 
© That the man had imagination and uit none could deny, but that 
they were ever guided by true judgment in the rules and conduct of a 
piece, none could with juſtice aſſert, both being ever ſervile to raiſe the 
laughter of fools and the wonder of the ignorant, That he was a good 
Poet only in part, —being ignorant of all dramatick laws,—had little 
Latin—/eſs Greek—and ſpeaking of plays, &c. 
To make a child new ſwaddled, to proceed 
Man, and then ſhoot up, in one beard and weed, 
| © Paſt 


204 POEMS ON SHAKSPEARE. 


Dry'd is that vein, dry'd is the Theſpian ſpring, 
Turn'd all to tears, and Phœbus clouds his rays ; 
That corpſe, that coffin, now beſtick thoſe bays, 

Which crown'd him poet firſt, then poets? king. 


If 


6 Paſt threeſcore years: or, with three ruſty ſwords, 

© And help of ſome few foot-and-balf-foot words, 

Fight over York and Lancaſter's long jars, 

And in the tyring-houſe bring wounds to ſcars, 

© He rather prays you will be pleas'd to ſee 

© One ſuch to-day, as other plays ſhould be; 

Where neither chorus wafts you o'er the ſeas, &c. 

© This, and ſuch like behaviour, brought Ben at laſt from being the 
lawgiver of the theatre to be the ridicule of it, being perſonally in- 
troduced there in ſeveral pieces, to the ſatis fac ion of the publick, who 
are ever fond of encouraging perſonal ridicule, when the follies and 
vices of the object are ſuppoſed to deſerve it. 

© But what wounded his pride and fame moſt ſenſibly, was the 
preference which the publick and moſt of his contemporary wits, gave 
to Ford's Lover's MELANcHOL x, before his NRW INN ok LIEHT 
HART. They were both brought on in the ſame 4veek and on the 
ſame ſtage; where Ben's was damn'd, and Ford's received with un- 
common applauſe : and what made this circumſtance ſtill more galling, 
was, that Ford was at the head of the partiſans who ſupported Shak- 
ſpeare's fame againſt Ber Fonſon's inveFives.” 

. © This ſo incenſed old Ben, that as an everlaſting ſtigma upon his 
audience, he prefixed this title to his play - The New Inn or Light 
Heart, A comedy, as it was never afed, but moſt negligently play'd 
by ſome, the King's idle ſervants; and more ſqueamiſhly beheld and 
cenſur'd by others, the King's fooliſh ſubjefs,” This title is followed 
by an abuſive preface upon the audience and reader. | | 

© Immediately upon this, he wrote his memorable ode againſt the 
publick, beginning | | | 

„Come, leave the loathed ſtage, 

« Andtke more loathſome age, &c. 

The revenge he took againſt Ford, was to write an epigram on him 
as a plagiary, | 

& Playwright, by chance, hearing toys I bad writ, 

& Cry'd to my face—they were th' elixir of wit. 

« And I muſt now believe him, for to-day. 

« Five of my jeſts, then ſtoln, paſs'd him a play.” | 
alluding to a character in the Ladies Trial, which Ben ſays Ford ſtole 
from him.“ e 5 

* The next charge againſt Ford was, that the Lover's Melancholy 
was not his own, but purloined from Shakſpeare's papers, by the con- 


nivance of Heminge and Condel, who in conjunction with Ford, had the 
reviſal of them.“ 


6 The 


POEMS ON SHAKSPEARE, 203 
If tragedies might any prologue have, | 
85 All thoſe he made would ſcarce make one to this; 
5 Where fame, now that he gone is to the grave, 
5 (Death's publick tyring-houſe) the Nuntius is: 
For, though his line of life went ſoon about, 
The life yet of his lines ſhall never out. 


Be Hucnx HOLLAND“. 
+ © The malice of this charge is gravely refuted, and afterwards 


laughed at in many verſes and epigrams, the beſt of which are thoſe 
that follow, with which I ſhall cloſe this theatrical extract.“ 


1 c To my worthy friend, Job Ford. 

2 «*Tis ſaid, from Shak ſpeare's mine your play you drew; 

S-. „„ What need ?—when Shakſpeare ftill ſurvives in you: 

” « But grant it were from his vaſt treaſury reft, 

= | That plund'rer Ben ne er made ſo rich a theft.” 

& | ; | Thomas May. 

3 Upon Ben Jonſon, and his Zany, Tom Randolph, 

4 a & Quoth Ben to Tom, the Lover's ſtole, 

1 6 *Tis Shakſpeare's every word; 

= c Indeed, ſays Tom, upon the whole, 

= 6 Tis much too good for Ford. 

2 & Thus Ben and Tom the dead ſtill praiſe, 

= « The wing to decry 

Y & For none muſt dare to wear the bays, 

9 & Till Ben and Tom both die. 

3 « Even Aven's ſwan could not eſcape 
1 ä «© Theſe letter-tyrant elves; 
+4 ES «© They on his fame contriv'd a rape, 

3 * To raiſe their pedant ſelves. 

E «© But after times with full conſent 
& « This truth will all acknowledge. 

= « Shakſpeare and Ford from heaven were ſent, 

9 & But Ben and Tom from college. 
E | Endymion Porter. 
1 Mr. Macklin the comedian was the author of this letter; but the 
9 pamphlet which furniſhed his materials, was loft in its paſſage from 

8 Ireland, | 
-n The following ſtanza, from a copy of verſes by Shirley, prefixed to 
= Ford's Lowe's Sacrifice, 1633, alludes to the ſame diſpute, and is ap- 
1 pParently addreſſed to Ben Jonſon : h | 


46 Look here thou that haſt malice to the ſtage, 
« And impudence enough forthe whole age; 
« Foluminouſiy 


46) 
#8 
Be 
BE: 
15 5 : 
i 2 
2 
. 
1 
1 


206 POEMS ON SHAEKSPEARE. 


To the Memory of 
the deceaſed Authour, Maſter W. SHAKSPEARR. 


Shakſpeare, at length thy pious fellows give 

The world thy works; thy works, by which ortlive 

Thy tomb, thy name muſt : when that flone is rent, 

And time diflolves thy Stratford monument, 

Here we alive ſhall view thee ftill ; this book, 

When braſs and marble fade, ſhall make thee look 

Freſh to all ages; when poſterity 

Shall loath what's new, think all is prodigy 

That is not Shakſpeare's, every line, each verſe, 

Here ſhall revive, redeem thee from thy herſe. 

Nor fire, nor cank'ring age,—as Naſo ſaid 

Of his, — thy wit-fraught book ſhall once invade: . 

Nor ſhall 1 e'er believe or think thee dead, 

Though miſs'd, until our bankrout ſtage be ſped 

(Impoſſible) with ſome new ſtrain to out-do 

Paſſions of Juliet, and her Romeo; 

Or till I hear a ſcene more nobly take, | 

Than when thy half-ſword parlying Romans ſpake : 

Till theſe, till any of thy volume's reſt, 

Shall with more fire, more feeling, be expreſs'd, 

Be ſure, our Shakſpeare, thou canſt never die, 

But, crown'd with laurel, live eternally. 
| L. Die ezEs 1. 


0 A IN CO AEOV 


e 
ot 23 " 


AS 3 
TTT. ͤ——— NNE 
222 ENTS iT 8 age PEO TTNuS, 


—w=Vc==__—___—_ | 
To the Memory of Maſter W. SyaxsPraRe, 


We wonder'd, Shakſpeare, that thou went*ft fo foon 
From the world's Rage to the grave's tyring-room : 


ce Voluminouſly ignorant ! be vext 
& To read this tragedy, and thy owne be next,” | 
4 5 ws | STEEVENS» 
1 See Wood's Athenz Oxon. edit. 1721, Vol. I. p. 583. 
| STEEVENSs 
2 Ses Wood's Athenæ Oxonienſes, Vol. I. p. 599, and 600, edit. 
1721. His tranſlation of Claudian's Rape of Proſerpine was en- 
tered on the Stationers' books, Oct. 4, 1617. SrREVYINS. | 
It was printed in the ſame year. MaLoNEs» | 


4”: e 


POEMS ON SHAKSPEARE, 207 


We thought thee dead; but this thy printed worth 
Tells thy ſpectators, that thou went'ſt but forth 

To enter with applauſe : an actor's art 

Can die, and live to act a ſecond part; 

That's but an exit of mortality, 

This a re-entrance to a plaudite. J. Ms. 


Upon the Ef gies of my worthy Friend, 
the Authour, Maſter WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, and 
| his Works, 


Spectator, this life's ſhadow is ;—to ſee 
The truer 1mage, and a liveher he, 
Turn reader: but obſerve his comick vein, 
Laugh ; and proceed next to a tragick ftrain, 
Then weep : ſo,—when thou find'ſt two contraries, 
Two different paſſions from thy rapt {oul riſe, 
Say, (who alone effect ſuch wonders could) 
Rare Shakſpeare to the life thou doſt behold “. 


ry 


—CC 


On worthy Maſter SHAKSPEARE, 
and his Poems. 

A mind reflecting ages paſt, whoſe clear 
And equal ſurface can make things appear, 
Diſtant a thoufand years, and reprefent 
Them in their lively colours, juſt extent: 
To outrun haſty time, retrieve the fates, 
Roll back the heavens, blow ope the iron gates 
Of death and Lethe, where confuſed lie 
Great heaps of ruinous mortality: 
In that deep duſky dungeon, to diſcern 
A royal ghoſt from churls; by art to learn 
The phyſiognomy of ſhades, and give 
Them ſudden birth, wond'ring how oft they live; 


3 perhaps John Marſton, SrrEVxNS. 5 
+ Theſe verſes firſt appeared in the folio, 1632. There is no name 
ſubſcribed to them. MALONE, 


What 


208 POEMS ON SHAKSPEARE. 


What ſtory coldly tells, what poets feign 

At ſecond hand, and picture without brain, 

Senſeleſs and ſoul-leſs ſhews : To give a ſtage.— 
Ample, and true with life, —voice, action, age, 
As Plato's year, and new ſcene of the world, 
Them unto us, or us to them had hurl'd: 

To raiſe our ancient ſovereigns from their herſe, 

Make kings his ſubjects; by exchanging verſe 

Enlive their pale trunks, that the preſent age 

Joys in their joy, and trembles at their rage : 
Vet ſo to temper paſſion, that our ears | 

Take pleaſure in their pain, and eyes in tears 
Both weep and ſmile ; fearful at plots ſo ſad, 
'Then laughing at our fear; abus'd, and glad 

To be abus' d; affected with that truth | 

Which we perceive is falſe, pleas'd in that ruth 
At which we ſtart, and, by elaborate play, 

Tortur'd and tickl'd; by a crab-like way 

Time paſt made paſtime, and in ugly ſort 

Diſgorging up his ravin for our ſport ;— 

— While the plebeian imp, from lofty throne, 

Creates and rules a world, and works upon 

Mankind by ſecret engines ; now to move 

A chilling pity, then a rigorous love ; 

To ſtrike up and ſtroak down, both joy and ire; 

To ſteer the affections; and by heavenly fire 

Mold us anew, ſtoln from ourſelves ;— 

This,—and much more, which cannot be expreſs'd 

But by himſelf, his tongue, and his own breaſt, — 
Was Shakſpeare's freehold ; which his cunning brain 
Improv'd by favour of the nine-fold train: — 
The buſkin'd muſe, the comick queen, the grand 
And louder tone of Clio, nimble hand 

And nimbler foot of the melodious pair, 

The ſilver-voiced lady, the moſt fair 
Calliope, whoſe ſpeaking filence daunts, 

And ſhe whoſe praiſe the heavenly body chants, 
Theſe jointly woo'd him, envying one another ;— 


Obey'd by all as ſpouſe, but lov'd as brother ;— 


And 


' POEMS ON SHAKSPEARE. 209 


And wrought a curious robe, of ſable grave, 
Freſh green, and pleaſant yellow, red moſt brave, 
And conſtant blue, rich purple, guiltleſs white, 
The lowly ruſſet, and the ſcarlet bright; 
Branch'd and embroider'd like the painted ſpring ; 
Each leaf match'd with a flower, and each ſtring 
Of golden wire, each line of filk : there run 
Italian works, whoſe thread the ſiſters ſpun ; 
And there did ſing, or ſeem to ſing, the choice 
Birds of a foreign note and various voice : 
Here hangs a moſly rock ; there plays a fair 
But chiding fountain, purled: not the air, 
Nor clouds, nor thunder, but were living drawn; 
Not out of common tiffany or lawn, 
But fine materials, which the muſes know, 
And only know the countries where they grow. 

Now, when they could no longer him enjoy, 
In mortal garments pent,—death may deſtroy, 
They ſay, his body ; but his verſe ſhall live, 
And more than nature takes our hands ſhall give: 
In a leſs volume, but more ſtrongly bound, 
Shakſpeare ſhall breathe and ſpeak ; with laurel crown'd, 
Which never fades; fed with ambroſian meat, 
In a well-lined veſture, rich, and neat: | 
So with this robe they cloath him, bid him wear it; 
For time ſhall never ſtain, nor envy tear it. 

The friendly Admirer of his wann 0 


A Remembrance of ſome Engliſh poets. By Richard 
Barnefield, 1598. 


And Shakſpeare thou, whoſe honey-flowing vein 
(Pleaſing the world,) thy praiſes doth contain, 
Whoſe Venus, and whoſe Lucrece, ſweet and chaſte, 
Thy name in fame's immortal book hath plac'd, 
Live ever you, at leaſt in fame live ever! 

Well may the body die, but fame die never. 


Vol. I. [01 England's 


210 POEMS ON SHAKSPEARE. 


England's Mourning Garment, &c. 1603. 


Nor doth the ſilver-tongued Melicert 
Drop from his honied muſe one fable tear, 
To mourn her death that graced his deſert, 
And to his lates open'd her royal ear. 
Shepherd, remember our Elizabeth, 
And ſing her Rape, done by that Targquiz, death. 


To Maſter W. SUAKSPEARE. 


Shakſpeare, that nimble Mercury thy braine 
Lulls many-hundred Argus? eyes aſleepe, 
So fit for all thou faſhioneſt thy vaine, 


* 


4 At the horſe-foot fountaine thou haſt drunk full deepe. 
. Vertue's or vice's theme to thee all one is; 
1 Who loves chaſte life, there's Lucrece for a teacher: 
if Who lift read luſt, there's Venus and Adonis, 
| + True modell of a moſt laſcivious leacher. 
14 Beſides, in plaies thy wit winds like Meander, 
| 


ig When needy new compoſers borrow more 
1 Than Terence doth from Plautus or Menander : 5 
by .| But to praiſe thee aright, I want thy ſtore. - = 
14 | ̃ ben let thine owne works thine owne worth upraiſe, 2 

1 | And help to adorne thee with deſerved baies. 


 Epigram 92, in an ancient collection, entitled Ru: 
and a great Caſt, 4to. by Tho. Freeman, 1614. 


Extract from Michael Drayton's © Elegy to Henry Rey« 
nolds, Eſq. of Poets and Poeſy.“ Ce 


Shakſpeare, thou hadſt as ſmooth a comick vein, 
Fitting the ſock, and in thy natural brain 

As ſtrong conception, and as clear a rage, 

As any one that traflick'd with the ſtage. 


>>" "<A 6 
- 2 IV VE — — AE; pr es. 1% SAL 
8 2 * n ” 
: : N 
— = .v<-4 > — — o 0 
; — 2 — 


An 


POEMS ON SHAKSPEARE. #1 


An Epitaph on the | 
Admirable Dramatick Poet, W. SHAKSPEARE, 


What needs my Shakſpeare for his honour'd bones, 35 

The labour of an age in piled ſtones ; 

Or that his hallow'd reliques ſhould be hid 

Under a ftar-ypointing pyramid ? 

Dear ſon of memory, great heir of fame, | 

What-need'ſt thou ſuch weak witneſs of thy name! 2 

Thou, in our wonder and aſtoniſhment, 

Haſt built thyſelf a live-long monument : 

For whilſt, to the ſhame of ſlow-endeavouring art, 

Thy eaſy numbers flow; and that each heart 

Hath, from the leaves of thy unvalued book; 

Thoſe Delphick lines with deep impreffion took; 1. 

Then thou, our fancy of itſelf bereaving *, 

Doſt make us marble with too much conceiving; 

And, ſo ſepulcher'd, in ſuch pomp doſt lie, 

That 9 for __ a tomb, would wiſh to die. 
Joun Mr. ILTON ®, 


Upon Maſter WII IIA n Smaneraanty 
the deceaſed authour. 


' Poets are born, not made. When I would prove 


This truth, the glad remembrance I muſt love 
Of never-dying Shakſpeare, who alone 

Is argument enough to make that one, 

Firit, that he was a poet, none would doubt 
That heard the Appin of what he ſees fet out 


— ber ea ving, ] So the c copy in Mi lton's 8 printed 
by Moſely in 1645. That in the ſecond folio, 1632, has—=of ber- 


ſelf bereaving. MALONE, 


4 Theſe verſes were written by Milton in the year 1630. Notwith- 
ſtanding this juſt elogium, and though the writer of it appears to have 
been a very diligent reader of the works of our poet, from whoſe rich 
garden he has plucked many a flower, in the true ſpirit of ſour puri- 
tanical ſanRity he cenſured King Charles I. for having made this cc great 
heir of fame the cloſet companion of bis ſolitudes, See his Exe 


* MALORNRE. 
[O 21 | | Imprinted : 


212 POEMS ON SHAEKS PE ARE. 


Imprinted ; where thou haſt (I will not ſay, 

Reader, his works, for, to contrive a play, 

To him *twas none) the pattern of all wit, 

Art without art, unparallel'd as yet. 

Next Nature only help'd him, for look thorough 

This whole book 5, thou ſhall find he doth not borrow 
One phraſe from Greeks, nor Latins imitate, 

Nor once from vulgar languages tranſlate ; - 

Nor plagiary- like x others gleane, 

Nor begs he from each witty friend a ſcene, 

To piece his acts with: all that he doth write 

Is pure his own; plot, language, exquiſite. 

But O what praiſe more powerful can we give 

The dead, than that, by him, the Aing's-men live, 

His players ; which ſhould they but have ſhar'd his fate, 
(All elſe expir'd within the ſhort term's date) 

How could T he Globe have proſper'd, ſince through want 
Of change, the plays and poems had grown ſcant. | 
But, happy verſe, thou ſhalt be ſung and hear'd, 
When hungry quills ſhall be ſuch honour barr'd. 

Then vaniſh, upſtart writers to each ſtage, 

You needy poetaſters of this age! 
Where ede liv'd or ſpake, Vermin, forbeare ! 
Leſt with your froth ye ſpot them, come not near ! 
But if you needs muſt write, if poverty - 

So pinch, that otherwiſe you ftarve and die; 

On God's name may the Bull or Cockpit have 

Your lame blank verſe, to keep you trom the grave : 
Or let new Fortune's © younger brethren ſee, | 
What they can pick ſrom your lean induſtry. 

J do not wonder when you offer at | 
Black-friars, that you ſuffer : tis the fate 


s From this and the following lines it is prohable that thefe verſes 
were intended to be prefixed to the folio edition of our authour's 
lays. MALON R. , | : | 
6 This, I believe, alludes to ſome of the company of The Fortune 
playhouſe, who removed to the Red Bull. See a Prologue on the re- 
moving of the late Fortune players to The Bull, Tatham's Fancies 


Theatre, 1640. MALoNE. 


POEMS ON SHAKSPEARF, 113 


Of richer veins ; prime judgments, that have far'd 
The worſe, with this deceaſed man compar'd. 
So have I ſeen, when Cæſar would appear, 
And on the ſtage at half- ſword parley were 
Brutus and Caſſius, O how the audience | 
Were raviſh'd ! with what wonder they went thence ! 
When, ſome new day, they would not brook a line 
Of tedious, though well-labour'd, Catiline; 
Sejanus too was irkſome; they priz'd more 
«« Honeſt” Jago, or the jealous Moor. 
And though the Fox and ſubtil Alchymiſt, 
Long intermitted, could not quite be miſt, 
Though theſe have tham'd all th ancients, and might raiſe 
Their authour's merit with a crown of bays, 
Yet theſe ſometimes, even at a friend's deſire 
Acted, have ſcarce defray'd the ſea-coal fire, 
And door-keepers : when, let but Falſtaff come, 
Hal, Poins, the reſt, —you ſcarce ſhall have a room, 
All is ſo peſter'd : Let but Beatrice 
And Benedick be ſeen, lo! in a trice 
The cock-pit, galleries, boxes, all are full, 
To hear Maloo zo, that croſs-garter'd gull. 
Brief, there. is nothing in his wit-fraught book, 
Whoſe ſound we would not hear, on whoſe worth look : 
Like old-coin'd gold, whoſe lines, in every page, 
Shall paſs true current to ſucceeding age. 
But why do I dead Shat/peare's praiſe recite ? 
Some ſecond Sha4/peare muſt of Shak/peare write; 
For me, *tis needleſs ; fince an hoſt of men | 
Will pay, to clap his praiſe, to free my pen“. 

8 LEON. DiGGES. 


An Elegy on the death of that famous writer and actor, 
Mr. WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE, 
I dare not do thy memory that wrong, 
Unto our larger griefs to give a tongue. 


7 Theſe verſes are prefixed to a ſpurious edition of Shakſpeare's 
paems, in ſmall octavo, printed in 1640. MALONE. 


LF = 


Poems, 1640. MAL ONE. qi 


POEMS ON SHAKSPEARE, 


I'll only ſigh in earneſt, and let fall 
My ſolemn tears at thy great funeral. 
For every eye that rains a ſhow'r for thee, 
Laments thy loſs in a ſad elegy. 
Nor is it fit each humble muſe ſhould have 
Thy worth his ſubje&t, now thou art laid in grave. 
No, it's a flight beyond the pitch of thoſe, : 
Whoſe worth-leſs pamphlets are not ſenſe in proſe. 
Let learned Jonſon ling a dirge for thee, 5 
And fill our orb with mournful harmony: 
But we need no remembrancer; thy fame 
Shall ſtill accompany thy honour'd name 
To all poſterity ; and make us be 
Senſible of what we loſt, in loſing thee : 
Being the age's wonder ; whoſe IT rhimes 
Did more reform than laſh the looſer times. 
Nature herſelf did her own ſelf admire, 
As oft as thou wert pleaſed to attire 
Her in her native luſtre ; and confeſs, 
Thy drefling was her chiefeſt comlineſs. 
How can we then forget thee, when the age 
Her chiefeſt tutor, and the widow'd ſtage 
Her only favorite, in thee, hath loſt, | 
And Nature's ſelf, what ſhe did brag of moſt ? 
Sleep then, rich ſoul of numbers: whilſt poor we 
Enjoy the profits of thy legacy; , 
And think it happineſs enough, we have 
So much of thee redeemed from the grave, 
As may ſuffice to enlighten future times 
With the bright luſtre of thy matchleſs rhimes*. 
| | 3 ” | 
In Memory of our famous SEHAKSTEARE. 
Sacred Spirit, whiles thy lyre 5 | 
Echoed o'er the Arcadian plains, 
Even Apollo did admire, _ 
Orpheus wonder'd at thy ſtrains: 


8B Theſe anonymous verſes are likewiſe prefixed to Shakſpeare's 


Plautus 


POEMS ON SHAKSPEARE. 2275 
Plautus figh'd, Sophocles wept 


Tears of anger, for to hear, 
After they ſo long had ſlept, 
So bright a genius ſhould appear 


Who wrote his lines with a ſun-beam, 
More durable than time or fate ;— 
Others boldly do blaſpheme, 
Like thoſe that ſeem to preach, but prate. 


Thou wert truly prieſt ele&, 
Choſen darling to the Nine, 

Such a trophy to erect | 
By thy wit and ſkill divine, 


That were all their other glories 
(Thine excepted) torn away, 
By thy admirable ſtories 


Their garments ever ſhall be gay. 


Where thy. honour'd bones do lie, 
(As Statius once to Maro's urn,) 
Thither every year will I 
| Slowly tread, and ſadly mourn. 
5 S. SHEPPARD®, 


In remembrance of Maſter WILLIAM SRHAZKSTEARR. 
Ode. 
15 


Beware, delighted poets, when you ſing, 
To welcome nature in the early ſpring, 
Your num'rous feet not tread 
The banks of Avon; for each flow'r, 
As it ne'er knew a ſun or ſhow'r, 
Hangs there the penſive head. 


9 This authour publiſhed a ſmall volume of Fpigrams in 16g1, 
among which this poem in memory of Shakſpeare is found. MALonte 
[04] Il. 


216 POEMS ON SHARK SP EARE. 


- II. | : 
Each tree, whoſe thick and ſpreading growth hath made 


Rather a night beneath the boughs than ſhade, 
Unwilling now to grow, 5 
Looks like the plume a captain wears, 
Whoſe rifled 22 are ſteep'd 1'the tears 
Which from his laſt rage flow: 


III. 


The piteous river wept itſelf away 
Long ſince alas! to dach a ſwift decay, 
hat reach the map, and look 
If you a river there can ſpy, - 
And, for a river, your mock'd eye 
Will find a ſhallow brook. 
Vn WILLIAM D*Avenanrt. 


Part of Shirley's Prologue to The Siſters. 


And if you leave us too, we cannot thrive, 

P11 promiſe neither play nor poet live 

Till ye come back : think what you do ; you ſee 

What audience we have: what company | | 

To Shakſpeare comes? whoſe mirth did once beguile 

Dull hours, and buſkin'd, made even ſorrow ſmile ; 

So lovely were the wounds, that men would ſay 

They could endure the bleeding a whole day. 

See, my lov'd Britons, ſee your Shakſpeare riſe, 

An awful ghoſt, confeſs'd to human eyes! 
Unnam'd, methinks, diſtinguiſh'd J had been 

From other ſhades, by this eternal green, 
About whoſe wreaths-the vulgar poets ftrive, 

And with a touch their wither*d nk 

Untaught, unpractis'd, in a barbarous age, 

I found not, but created firſt the ſtage: 

And if I drain'd no Greek or Latin ſtore, 

Twas, that my own abundance gave me more: 


POEMS ON SHAKSPE ARE. 217 
On foreign trade I needed not rely, | J 


Like fruitful Britain rich without ſupply. 
: Dryden's Prologue to his alteration of 'Troilus and 
| | Creſſida. 


Shakſpeare, who (taught by none) did firſt impart 
To Fletcher wit, to labouring Jonſon art: 
He, monarch- like, gave thoſe his ſubjects law, 

And is that nature which they paint and draw. 
Fletcher reach'd that which on his heights did grow, 
Whilſt Jonſon crept and gather'd all below. 

This did his love, and this his mirth digeſt: 

One imitates him moſt, the other beſt. 

If they have ſince out- writ all other men, 

"Tis with the drops which fell from Shakſpeare's pen. 


Dryden's Prologue to his Alteration of the Tempeſt. 
_———_=____ 
Our Shakſpeare wrote too in an age as bleſt, 
'The happieſt poet of his time, and beſt ; 
A gracious prince's fayour cheer'd his muſe, 
A conſtant favour he ne'er fear'd to loſe: 
Therefore he wrote with fancy unconfin'd, | 
And thoughts that were immortal as his mind. 
Otway's Prologue to Caius Marius. 


—— 


Shakſpeare, whoſe genius to itſelf a law, 

Could men in every height of nature draw. 

Rowe's Prologue to the Ambitious Stepmother. 
— — — 


In ſuch an age immortal Shakſpeare wrote, 
By no quaint rules nor hamp'ring criticks taught; 
With rough majeſtick force he mov'd the heart, 
And ſtrength and nature made amends for art. 
: TT Rowe's Prologue to Jane Shore, 


Shakſpeare, the genius of our iſle, whoſe mind 
| (The univerſal mirror of mankind) ' 
= | Expreſs'd 


213 POEMS ON SHAEK SPE ARE. 


Expreſs'd all images, enrich'd the ſtage, 

But ſometimes ſtoop'd to 2 a barb'rous age. 
When his immortal bays began to grow, 
Rude was the Janguage, and the humour low, 
He, like the god of day, was always bright; 
But rolling in its courſe, his orb of light 

Was ſully d and obſcur'd, though ſoaring high, 
With ſpots contracted from the nether ſky, _ 
But whither is the advent'rous muſe betray'd? 
Forgive her raſhneſs, venerable ſhade ! | 
May ſpring with purple flowers perfume thy urn, 
And Avon with his greens thy grave adorn ! 

Be all thy faults, whatever faults there be, 
Imputed to the times, and not to thee ! 

Some ſcions ſhot from this immortal root, 
Their tops much lower, and leſs fair the fruit, 
Jonſon the tribute of my verſe might claim, 
Had he not ſtrove to blemiſh Shakſpeare's name. 
But like the radiant twins that gild the ſphere, 
Fletcher and Beaumont next in pomp appear. 

| Fenton's Epiſtle to Southerne, 1711. 


e 


For lofty ſenſe, 
Creative ſancy, and inſpection keen | 
Through the deep windings of the human heart, 
Is not wild Shakſpeare thine and nature's boaſt ? 
| Thomſon's Summer, 


Shakſpeare (whom you and every play-houſe bill 
Style the divine, the matchleſs, what you will,) 
For gain, not glory, wing'd his roving flight, 
And grew 1mmortal in his own deſpight. | 
Pope's Imitation of Horace's Epiſtle to Auguſtus. 


An Inſcription for a Monument of SHAKSPEARE. 
O youths and virgins: O declining eld : 
O pale misfortune's ſlaves: O ye who dwell 
Unknown with humble quiet; ye who wait 
In courts, or fill the golden ſeat of kings: 


POEMS ON SHAKSPEARE. 219 


O ſons of ſport and pleaſure; O thou wretch 

That weep'ſt for jealous love, or the ſore wounds 

Of conſcious guilt, or death's rapacious hand, 

Which left thee void of hope: O ye who roam 

In exile; ye who through the embattled field 

Seek bright renown; or who for nobler palms 

Contend, the leaders of a publick cauſe; 

Approach : behold this marble. Know ye not 

The features? Hath not oft his faithful tongue 

Told you the faſhion of your own eſtate, | 

The ſecrets of your boſom? Here then, round 

His monument with reverence while ye ſtand, 

Say to each other: This was Shakſpeare's form; 

«© Who walk'd in every path of human life, 

Felt every paſſion ; and to all mankind _ 

© Doth now, will ever, that experience yield 

Which his own genius only could acquire.“ 
| Ak ENS IDE. 


From the ſame Author's Pleaſures of Imagination, B. III. 


when lightning fires 4 
The arch of heaven, and thunders rock the ground, 
When furious whirlwinds rend the howling air, 
And ocean, groaning from his loweſt bed, 
Heaves his tempeſtuous billows to the ſky ; 
Amid the mighty uproar, while below 
The nations tremble, Shakſpeare looks abroad 
From ſome high cliff, ſuperior, and enjoys 
The elemental war. 


From the Remonſtrance of SRAEKSPEARE. 
Suppoſed to have been ſpoken at the Theatre- Royal, 
when the French Comedians were acting by ſubſcription. 

By the ſame author. 
What though the footſteps of my devious muſe 
The meaſur'd walks of Grecian art refuſe? 
Or though the frankneſs of my hardy ſtyle 
Mock the nice touches of the critick's file ? 


Yet 


220 POEMS ON SHAKSPEARE, 


Yet what my age and climate held to view 
Impartial I ſurvey'd, and fearleſs drew, 

And ſay, ye ſkilfull in the human heart, 
Who know to prize a poet's nobleſt part, 
What age, what clime, could e'er an ampler field 
For lofty thought, for daring fancy yield ? 
I ſaw this England break the ſhametull bands 
| Forg'd for the ſouls of men by ſacred hands; 
I ſaw each groaning realm her aid implore; 
Her ſons the heroes of each warlike ſhore ; 
Her naval ſtandard, (the dire Spaniard's bane,) 
Obey'd through all the circuit of the main. 
Then too great commerce, for a late found world, 
Around your coaſt her eager fails unfurl'd: 
New hopes, new paſſions, thence the boſom fir'd ; 
New plans, new arts, the genius thence inſpir'd; 
Thence every ſcene which private fortune knows, 
In ftronger life, with bolder ſpirit, roſe. 


Diſgrac'd ] this full proſpect which I drew? 

My colours languid, or my ſtrokes untrue? 
Have not your ſages, warriors, ſwains, and kings, 
Confeſs'd the living draught of men and things? 
What other bard in any clime appears, 

Alike the maſter of your ſmiles and tears ? 

Yet have I deign'd your audience to entice 

With wretched bribes to luxury and vice? 

Or have my various ſcenes a purpoſe known, 
Which freedom, virtue, glory, might not own ? 


When learning's triumph o'er her barb'rous foes 
Firſt rear'd the ſtage, immortal Shakſpeare roſe 
Each change of many-colour'd life he drew, 
Exhauſted worlds, and then imagin'd new: 
Exiſtence ſaw him ſpurn her bounded reign, 
And panting time toil'd after him in vain: 
His pow'rful ſtrokes preſiding truth impreſs'd, 
And unreſiſted paſſion ſtorm'd the breaſt. : 
Prologue at the opening of Drury-Lane Theatre in 1747. 
By Dr. Samuel Johnſon. 
| Upon 


POEMS ON SHAKSPEARE. 221 
Upon Shakſpeare's Monument at Stratford-upon-Ayon. 


Great Homer's birth ſeven rival cities claim 
Too mighty ſuch monopoly of fame. | 
Yet not to birth alone did Homer owe 
His wond”rous worth; what Egypt could beſtow, 
With all the ſchools of Greece and Aſia join'd, 
Enlarg'd the immenſe expanſion of his mind: 
Nor yet unrival'd the Mzonian ftrain ; 
The Britiſh Eagle“ and the Mantuan Swan 
Tow'r equal heights. But, happier Stratford, thou 
With inconteſted laurels deck thy brow ; 
Thy bard was thine anſchool'd, and from thee brought 
More than all Egypt, Greece, or Aſia taught; | 
Not Homer's ſelf ſuch matchleſs laurels won; 
The Greek has rivals, but thy Shakſpeare none. 

| T. SEWARD. 


F rom Mr. Collins's Epiſtle to Sir Thomas Hanmer on 
his edition of Shakſpeare's works. 


Hard was the lot thoſe injur'd ſtrains endur'd, 

Unown'd by ſcience, and by years obſcur'd : 

Fair Fancy wept; and echoing ſighs confeſs'd 

A fixt deſpair in every tuneful breaſt. 

Not with more grief the afflicted ſwains appear, 

When wintry winds deform the plenteous year; 

When lingering froſts the ruin'd ſeats invade 

Where Peace reſorted, and the Graces play'd. 
Each rifing art by juſt gradation moves, 

_ Toll builds on toil, and age on age improves : 

The muſe alone. unequal dealt her rage, 

And grac'd with nobleſt pomp her earlieſt ſtage. 

Preſerv'd through time, the ſpeaking ſcenes impart 

Each changeful wiſh of Phædra's tortur'd heart; 

Or paint the curſe, that mark'd the Theban's * reign, 

A bed inceſtuous, and a father flain. 

With kind concern our pitying eyes o'erflow, 

Trace the ſad tale, and own another's woe. 


1 Milton. . 
2 The Oedipus of Sophocles. 


To 


* 


222 POEMS ON SHAKSPEARE. 
To Rome remov'd, with wit ſecure to pleaſe; 
The comick ſiſters kept their native eaſe. 
With jealous fear declining Greece beheld 
Her own Menande1”s art almoſt excell'd: 
But every Muſe eſſay'd to raiſe in vain 
Some labour'd rival of her tragick ſtrain ; 
Illyſſus' laurels, though transferr'd with toil; 
Droop'd their fair leaves, nor knew th” unfriendly foil, 


As arts expir*d, reſiſtleſs Dulneſs roſe ; | 
Goths, prieſts, or Vandals,—all were learning's foes. 
Till Julius3 firſt recall'd each exil'd maid, 
And Coſmo own'd them in the Etrurian ſhade : : 
Then deeply ſkill'd in love's engaging theme, 
The ſoft Provencial paſs*d to Arno's ſtream: 
With graceful eaſe the wanton lyre he ſtrung; 
Sweet flow'd the lays,—but love was all he ſung. 
The gay deſcription could not fail to move; 
For, led by nature, all are friends to love. 


But heaven, ſtill various in its works, decreed ' 
The perfect boaſt of time ſhould laſt ſucceed. - 
The beauteous union muſt appear at length, 

Of Tuſcan fancy, and Athenian ſtrength: 
One greater Muſe Eliza's reign_adorn, ' 
And even a Shakſpeare to her fame be born, 


Yet ah! ſo bright her morning's opening ray, 
In vain our Britain hop'd an equal day. 
No ſecond growth the weſtern iſle could bear, 
At once exhauſted with too rich a year. | 
Too nicely Jonſon knew the critick's part 
Nature in him was almoſt loſt in art. 
Of ſofter mold the gentle Fletcher came, 
The next in order, as the next in name. 
With pleas'd attention *midfſt his ſcenes we find 
| Each glowing thought, that warms the female mind ; 
Fach melting ſigh, and every tender tear, | 
| The lover's wiſhes, and the virgin's fear. 


3 Julius II, the immediate predeceſſor of Leo X. 


His 


POEMS ON SHAKSPEARE. 223 


His every ftrain the Smiles and Graces own“; 
But ſtronger Shakſpeare felt for man alone: 
Drawn by his pen, our ruder paſſions ſtand 
Th' unrivall'd picture of his early hand. 


With gradual ſteps', and ſlow, exacter France 
Saw Art's fair empire o' er her ſhores advance: 
By length of toil a bright perfection knew, 
Correctly bold, and juſt in all ſne drew: | 
Till late Corneille, with Lucan's“ ſpirit fir'd, 
Breath'd the free ſtrain, as Rome and He inſpir'd; 
And claſſick judgment gain'd to ſweet Racine 
The temperate ſtrength of Maro's chaſter line. 


But wilder far the Britiſh laurel ſpread, 
And wreaths leſs artful crown onr poct's head. 
Yet He alone to every ſcene could give 
The hiſtorian's.truth, and bid the manners live. 
Wak'd at his call I view, with glad ſurprize, 
Majeſtick forms of mighty monarchs riſe, 
There Henry's trumpets ſpread their loud alarms, 
And laurel'd Conqueſt waits her hero's arms. 
Here gentler Edward claims a pitying ſigh, 
Scarce born to honours, and fo ſoon to die! 
Yet ſhall thy throne, unhappy infant, bring 
No beam of comfort to the guilty king : 
The time ſhall come 7, when Glo'fſter's heart ſhall bleed 
In life's laſt hours, with horror of the deed: 
When dreary viſions ſhall at laſt preſent 
Thy vengeful image in the midnight tent: 
Thy hand unſeen the ſecret death ſhall bear, 
Blunt the weak ſword, and break the oppreſſive ſpear. 


4 Their characters are thus diſtinguiſhed by Mr. Dryden, 

5 About the time of Shakſpeare, the poet Hardy was in great re- 
pute in France. He wrote, according to Fontenelle, fix hundred plays. 
The French poets after him applied themſelves in general to the correct 
improvement of the ſtage, which was almoſt totally diſregarded by thoſe 
of our own country, Johnſon excepted. 

Ss The favourite author of the elder Corneille. 

7 Turno tempus erit, magno cum optaverit emptum 

Intactum pallanta, xc. | 


4 Where'er 


224 POEMS ON SHAKS PE ARE. 
Where'er we turn, by fancy charm'd, we find 
Some ſweet illuſion of the cheated mind. 
Oft, wild of wing, ſhe calls the ſoul to rove 
With humbler nature, in the rural grove; 
Where ſwains contented own the quiet ſcene, 
And twilight fairies tread the circled green : 
Dreſs'd by her hand, the woods and vallies ſmile, 
And Spring diffuſive decks the inchanted iſle, 


O more than all in powerful genius bleſt, 
Come, take thine empire o'er the willing breaft ! 
Whate'er the wounds this youthful heart ſhall feel, 
'Thy ſongs ſupport me, and thy morals heal. 
There every thought the poet's warmth may raiſe, 
There native muſick dwells in all the lays. 

O might ſome verſe with happieſt {kill perſuade 
Expreſſive Picture to adopt thine aid! 


What wondrous draughts might riſe from every page | 


What other Raphaels charm a diſtant age! 


Methinks even now I view ſome free deſign, 
Where breathing Nature lives in every line: 
Chaſte and ſubdued the modeſt lights decay, 
Steal into ſhades, and mildly melt away. 

And ſee, where Anthony *, in tears approv'd, 
Guards the pale relicks of the chief he lov'd: 
Ober the cold corſe the warrior ſeems to bend, 


Deep ſunk in grief, and mourns his murder'd friend! 


Still as they preſs, he calls on all around, 


Lifts the torn robe, and points the bleeding wound. 


But who is he 9, whoſe brows exalted bear 
A wrath impatient, and a fiercer air ? 
Awake to all that inj ur'd worth can feel, 
On his own Rome he turn the avenging ſteel. 
Yet ſhall not war's inſatiate fury fall 
(So heaven ordains it) on the deſtin'd wall. 
See the fond mother, midſt the plaintive train, 
Hung on his knees, and proſtate on the plain! 


d See the tragedy of Julius Cæſar. | | 
9 Coriolanus. See Mr. Spence's dialogue on the Odyſſey. 


POEMS ON SHARK SPE ARE. 223 


Touch'd to the ſoul, in vain he ftrives to hide 
The ſon's affection, in the Roman's pride: 
O'er all the man conflicting paſſions riſe, 

Rage graſps the ſword, while Pity melts the eyes. 


What are the lays of artful Addiſon, 
Coldly correct, to Shakſpeare's warblings wild? 
Whom on the winding Avon's willow'd banks 
Fair Fancy found, and bore the ſmiling babe 
To a cloſe cavern : (ſtill the ſhepherds thew 
The ſacred place, whence with religious awe 
They hear, returning from the field at eve, | 
Strange whiſp'ring of ſweet muſick through the air: ) 
Here, as with honey gathered from the rock, 
She fed the little prattler, and with ſongs | 
Oft ſooth'd his wond' ring ears; with deep delight 
On her ſoft lap he ſat, and caught the ſounds, 
The Enthuſiaſt, or the Lover of Nature, a Poem, by the 
Rev. Joſeph Warton. 


From the Rev. Thomas Warton's Addreſs to the Queen 
on her Marriage. 


Here, boldly mark'd with every living hae, 
Nature's unbounded portrait Shakſpeare drew : 
But chief, the dreadful groupe of human woes 
The daring artiſt's tragick pencil choſe ; 
Explor'd the pangs that rend the royal breaſt, 
Thoſe wounds that lurk beneath the tiſſued veſt; 


Monody, written near Stratford-upon-Avon: 


Avon, thy rural views, thy paſtures wild, 
The willows that o'erhang thy twilight edge, 
Their boughs entangling with the embattled ſedge z 
Thy brink with watery foliage quaintly fring'd, 
Thy ſurface with reflected verdure ting'd ; 0 
Sooth me with many a penſive pleaſure mild. 
Vor. 1. 1 [ i ] But 


226 POEMS ON SHARK SPEARE. 


But while I muſe, that here the Bard Divine 
Whoſe ſacred duſt yon high-arch'd iſles incloſe, 
Where the tall windows rife in ſtately rows, 
Above th' embowering ſhade, | 
Here firſt, at Fancy's fairy-circled ſhrine, 
Of daiſies pied his infant offering made; 
Here playtul yet, in ſtripling years unripe, 
Fram'd of thy reeds a ſhrill and artleſs pipe: 
Sudden thy beauties, Avon, all are fled, 
As at the waving of ſome magick wand; 
An holy trance my charmed ſpirit wings, 
And aweful ſhapes of leaders and of kings, 
People the buſy mead, 
Like ſpectres ſwarming to the wiſard's hall; 
And ſlowly pace, and point with trembling hand 
The wounds ill-cover'd by the purple pall. 
Before me Pity ſeems to ſtand, 
A weeping mourner, {mote with anguiſh ſore, 
To ſee Misfortune rend in frantick mood 
His robe. with regal woes embroider'd o'er. 
Pale Terror leads the viſionary band, 
And ſternly ſhakes his ſceptre, dropping blood. | 
By the ſame.. 

Far from the ſun and ſummer gale, 
In thy green lap was Nature's darling laid, 
What time, where lucid Avon ſtray'd, 
To him the mighty mother did unveil 
Her awful face: The dauntleſs child 
Stretch'd forth his little arms, and ſmil'd. 
This pencil take (ſhe ſaid) whoſe colours clear 
Richly paint the vernal year: | 
Thine too theſe golden keys, immortal boy! 
This can unlock the gates of joy ; | 
Of horror that, and thrilling fears, 
Or ope the ſacred ſource of 8 tears. 

Gray's Ode on the Progreſs of Poeſy. 


Next 


Ee 


POEMS ON SHAKSPEARE. 227 


Next Shakſpeare ſat, irregularly great, 

And in his hand a magick rod did hold, 
Which viſionary beings did create, 

And turn the fouleſt droſs to pureſt gold: 
Whatever ſpirits rove in earth or air, 

Or bad, or good, obey his dread command; 
To his beheſts theſe willingly repair, 


Thoſe aw'd by terrors of his magick wand, 
The which not all their powers united might withſtand, 


Lloyd's Progreſs of Envy, 1751, 


Oh, where?s the bard, who at one view 
Could look the whole creation through, 
Who travers'd all the human heart, 
Without recourſe to Grecian art? 

He ſcorn'd the rules of imitation, 

Of altering, pilfering, and tranſlation, 
Nor painted horror, grief, or rage, 
From models of a former age; 

The bright original he took, 


And tore the leaf from nature's book. 
*Tis Shakſpeare.— | 


Lloyd's Shakeſpeare, a Poem. 


In the firſt ſeat, in robe of various dyes, 

A noble wildneſs flaſhing from his eyes, 

Sat Shakſpeare.—In one hand a wand he bore, 
For mighty wonders fam'd in days of yore; 
The other held a globe, which to his will 
Obedient turn'd, and own'd a maſter's ſkill : 


Things of the nobleſt kind his genius drew, 


And look'd through nature at a ſingle view: 


A looſe he gave to his unbounded ſoul, | 
And taught new lands to riſe, new ſeas to roll; 
Call'd into being ſcenes unknown before, 

And, paſſing nature's bounds, was ſomething more. 


Churchill's Roſciad. 
Fr #1 A LIST 


A LIST OF THE MOST 
AUTHENTICK ANCIENT EDITIONS 
” o F FED 
SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 


'.QUARTO EDITIONS. 
1. Romeo and Juliet, 1597, John Danter. 
2. Do. 1599, Thomas Creede, for Cuthbert 
urby. ö 
3. De. no date, John Smethwicke. 
This play was reprinted in 1609 and 1637. 


J. 


King Richard II. 1597, Valentine Simmes, 
11 for Andrew Wiſe. 
: | Reprinted in 1598, 1608, (with an addi- 


tional ſcene) 1615, nd 1634. 


King Richard III. 1597, Valentine Simmes, 
for Andrew Wiſe. 
Reprinted in 1598, 1602, 1612, 1522, &c. 


Love's Labour's Loſt, 1598, W. W. for Cuth- 
bert Burby. 


King Henry IV. Firſt Part. 2 5. P. S. for 
V. Andrew Wiſe. 
| Reprinted in 1599, 1604, 1608, 1613, &c. 


I. King Henry IV. Second Part. 1600, V. S, 
for Andrew Wiſe and William Aſpley. 
VI. 2, D*. 1000; D*.” 
| In one of theſe editions Sign, E contains fix 
leaves; in the other the uſual number. 


Ling Henry V. 1600, Thomas Creede, for 
VII. 3 Thomas Millington, and John Buſpy. 


Reprinted 1 in 602, and 1608, 


ANCIENT EDITIONS, Se. 229 


1. Midſummer-Night' 8 Dream, 1600, Thomas 
VIII Fiſher. 
2. Do. 1600, James Roberts. 


1. Merchant of Venice, 1600, I. R. for Tho- 
IX mas Heyes, 
* } 2. De. 1600, James Roberts. 
Reprinted in 1637, &c. 


xXx. $J Much Ado about Nothing, 1600, V. S. for 
: Andrew Wile and William Aſpley. 


Merry Wives of Windſor, 1602, T. C. for 
XI. Arthur Johnſon. 
Reprinted in 1619, 
1. Hamlet, 1604, I. R. for N. L. 
XII. 4 2. Do. no date, W. S. for John Smethwicke. 
This play was reprinted in 1605, 1611, &c. 
1. King Lear, 1608, for Nathaniel Butter. 
XIII. 2. D*. 1608, for Do. $ 
| In _—_ of theſe editions the firſt Signature is 
A; in the other B. 
1. Troilus and Creſſida, 1609, G. Eld, for R 
vv Bonian and H. Whalley, with a Preface. 


2. Do. for D®. by the King's Majeſties Servants 
at the Globe, no date. 


XV. Titus Andronicus, 1611, Edward White. 


xvl. 4 Othello, 1622, N. O. for Thomas Walkely. 
8 Fay Doe. no date, Thomas Walkely *. 


Of all the remaining plays the only authentick 
copy is the firſt complete collection of our authour's 
dramas printed in folio in 1623. 


FOLIO-EDEITION. 


„ Mr. William Shakſpeare's Comedies, Hiſtories, and 

Tragedies. Publiſhed according to the true original 

Copies. 1623. Iſaac Jaggard and Ed. Blount. 
Reprinted in 1632, 1664, and 1685, Ma TONE. 


This cor is in Mr. Pope's Lif:, but I have never ſeen it, 
MALoNE. 


IP 31 MODERN 


230 MODERN EDITIONS 


MODERN EDITIONS 


Octavo, Rowe's, London, 1709. 7 Vols. 
Duodecimo, Rowe's, Ditto, 1714. 9 D. 
Quarto, Pope's, Ditto, 1725. 6 D. 
Duodecimo, Pope's, Ditto, 1728. 10 De. 
Octavo, . Theobald's, Ditto, 1733. 7 De. 
Duodecimo, Theobald's, Ditto, 1740. . 
Quarto, Hanmer's, Oxford, 1744. 6 D*. 
Octavo, Warburton's, London, 1747. 8 D®. 
Ditto, Johnſon” 5, ditto, 1765. 8 25 
Ditto, Steevens's, ditto, 1766. 4 De. 
Crown 8vo. Capell's, ditto, 1768. 10 Dꝰ. 
Quarto, Hanmer's, Oxford, 1771, 6 Do. 
Octavo, Johnſon's and Steevens's, London, 1773. 10.D?, 
Do. ſecond edition, ditto, 1778. 10 Doe. 
Do. third edition, ditto, 1785. 10 Do. 
Crown octavo, Malone's, ditto, 1789, 10 Do. 
MA LONE. 


The reader may not be diſpleaſed to know the exact 
ſums paid to the different Editors of Shakſpeare. The 
following account is taken from the books of the late 
Mr. Tonſon. 


To Mr. Rowe id 
Mr. Hughes? e 7 © 
Mr. Pope — 12 0 
Mr. Fenton — 12 0 
Mr. Gay“ — m — — 19 ©6 
Mr. Whatley® _ 20 
Mr. Theobalde ͤ bes 10 © 
Mr. Warburton — 0 © © 
Dr. Johnſon? | . 

Mr. Capell — 300 © © 


af 


2 For correcting the preſs and making an index to Mr, Rowe's 
12mo edition. STEEVENS. 

3 For aſſiſtanee to Mr. Pope in correQing the preſs. R 

4 For the ſame ſervices. STEEVENS. 

S For correcting the ſheets of Pope's 12mo. STxzEVENS. 


® Of Mr. Theobald's edition no leſs than 11 360 have been printed. 
| STEEVENS. 


7 From 


bg iy 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 231 


Of theſe editions ſome have paſſed ſeveral times 
through the preſs; but only ſuch as vary from each other 
are here enumerated, 

To this liſt might be added ſeveral ſpurious and mu- 
tilated impreſſions; but as they appear to have been 
executed without the ſmalleſt degree of ſkill either in 
the manners or language of the time of Shakſpeare; 
and as the names of their reſpective editors are pru- 
dently concealed, it were uſeleſs to commemorate the 
number of their volumes, or the diſtinct date of each 
publication. | 5 | 

Some of our legitimate editions will afford a ſufficient 
ſpecimen of the fluctuation of price in books. — An anci- 
ent quarto was fold for ſix-pence; and the folios 1623 
1632, when firſt printed, could not have been rated 
higher than at ten ſhillings each.—Very lately, one, and 
two guineas, have been paid for a quarto; the firſt folio 
is uſually valued at ſeven or eight: but what price may 
be expected for it hereafter, is not very eaſy to be deter- 
mined, the conſcience of Mr. Fox, bookſeller in Hol- 
born, having lately permitted him to aſk no leſs than 
two guineas for two leaves out of a mutilated copy of that 
impreſſion, though he had ſeveral, almoſt equally de- 
fective, in his ſhop. The ſecond folio is commonly rated 
at two or three guineas 3. 5 

At the late Mr. Jacob Tonſon's ſale, in the year 1767, 
one hundred and forty copies of Mr. Pope's edition of 
Shakſpeare, in ſix volumes quarto, (for which the ſub- 
ſcribers paid fix guineas) were diſpoſed of among the 
bookſellers at ſixteen ſhilliags per ſet. Seven hundred 
and fifty of this edition were printed. | 

At the ſame ſale, the remainder of Dr. Warburton's 
edition, in eight volumes 8vo. printed in 1747, (of which 
the original price was two pounds eight ſhillings, and 


7 From the late Mr. Tonſon's books it appears, that Dr. Johnſon 
received copies of his edition for his ſubſcribers, the firſt coſt of which 
was 375. and afterwards Iogl. in money. Total, 480l. MAaLone., 

s And is not worth three ſhillings, See an account of it, in the 
preface to the preſent edition. MaroNnr, : 


(P4] the 


232 MODERN EDITIONS, &e. 


the number printed 1000) was ſold off: viz. 178 copies, 
at eighteen ſhillings each. 1 

On the contrary, Sir Thomas Hanmer's edition, print. 
ed at Oxford in 1744, which was firſt ſold for three 
guineas, had ariſen to nine or-ten, before it was re- 
printed. | | | 

It appears however from the foregoing catalogue (when 
all reiterations of legitimate editions are taken into the 

account, together with five ſpurious ones printed in 
Ireland, one in Scotland, one at Birmingham, and four 
in London, making in the whole thirty-five impreſſions) 
that not leſs than 35, ooo copies of our authour's works 
have been diſperſed, excluſive of the quartos, ſingle plays, 
and ſuch as have been altered for the ſtage. Of the 
latter, as exact a lift as I have been able to form, with 
the aſſiſtance of Mr. Reed of Staple Inn, (than whom no 
man 1s more converſant with Engliſh publications both 
ancient and modern, or more willing to aſſiſt the literary 
undertakings of others) will be found in the courſe of the 


following pages. STEEVENS. | 


THE 


A LIST OF THE MOST 


AUTHENTICK ANCIENT EDITIONS 
| | o F 


S HAKS PEAR Es POEMS. 


1. Venus and Adonis 1595, ſmall octavo, or rather 
decimo ſexto, R. F. for John Harriſon. 

This poem, I have no doubt, was printed in 
quarto in 1593 or 1594, though no copy of the edi- 
tion is now known to be extant, 

Reprinted in 1600, 1602, 1617, 1620, 1630, &c. 


2, Lucrece, quarto, 1594, Richard Field, for John 
Harriſon. | 
Reprinted in ſmall octavo, in 1596, 1598, 1600, 
1607, 1616, 1624, 1632, &c. 


3. The Paſſionate Pilgrim, [being a collection of Poems 
by Shakſpeare, ] ſmall octavo, 1599, for W. Jaggard ; 
ſold by William Leake. 


4. The Paſſionate Pilgrime, or certain amorous Sonnets | 
between Venus and Adonis, &c. The third edition, | 
ſmall octavo, 1612, W. Jaggard. 

I know not when the ſecond edition was printed. 


5. Shakſpeare's Sonnets, never before imprinted, quarto, 
1609, G. Eld, for T. T. 

An edition of Shakſpeare's Sonnets, differing in 
many particulars from the original, and intermixed 
with the poems contained in The Paſhonate Pilgrim, 
and with ſeveral poems written by Thomas Heywood, 
was printed in 1640, in ſmall octavo, by Thomas 
Cotes, ſold by John Benſon. 


MODERN EDITIONS. 


Shakſpeare's Poems, ſmall octavo, for Bernard Lintot, 
no date, but printed in 1710. 

The Sonnets in this edition were printed from the 
quarto of 1609; Venus and Adonis, and Lucrece, 
from very late editions, full of errors. 

The 


234 DRAM ATICK PIECES, &c. 


The Poems of William Shakſpeare, containing his Ve- 
nus and Adonis, Rape of Lucrece, Sonnets, Paſ- 


fionate Pilgrim, and A Lover's Complaint, printed 


from the authentick copies, by e in octavo, 
in 1780. 
De. Second Edition, with the authour's plays, crown 
octavo, 1789. 
Spurious Editions of Shakſpeare” s Poems have alſo 


been publiſhed by Gildon, Sewell, Evans, &c. 
MALONE. 


2 ä _ 


DRAMATICE PIECES 
ON WHICH 


PLAYS WERE FORMED BY SHAKSPEARE. 


The right. excellent and famous hiſtorye of 
Promos and Caſſandra, &c, by George 


I. Whetſtone, 1578. Printed "ue — 


Jhones. 


The firſt and ſecond part of the troubleſome 
| raigne of John King of England; &c. As 
they were ſundry times publickely acted 
by the Queenes Majeſties players in the 
honourable citie of London, 1591, for 
Sampſon Clarke, 
Reprinted in 1611, and 1622. 


FI, 


Menzchmi, a pleaſant and fine conceited co- 


WL: medie, &c. by W. W. 1595, Thomas 
Creede, for William Barley. 
Containing the honourable battle of Agin- 
IV, court. As it was plaide by the Queenes 


Mageſties players, 1 598, Thomas Creede. 


OY in ** 
V. 1. 


ö 
L 
1 famous Victories of Henry the Fifth: 


SS. a Ws 


H * 7 A Y 5 
e 7)JVVd c ͤ Oo * ; 
2 8 * On Pena def 55 avi: 0: phy 
# * oo 9 14 3 Ro, 5 Ig 3 JJ EDS en oy te, = 22 
© . Wa FO n %%% Ä 5 n 
of 5 4 88 n n * 5 
. * 


U 


DRAMATICK PIECES, &. 235 


1. The firſt part of the contention betwixt the 
1 two famous houſes of Vorke and Lancaſter, 
with the death of the good duke Humphrey, 
1 &c. As it was ſundry times acted by the 
x right honourable the Earle of Pembroke 
his Servants, 1600, W. W. for Thomas 
Millington. 
2. De. 1600, V. S. for Thomas Millington. 
This was reprinted for T. P. without date, 
but in fact in 1619. 


i. The true tragedie of Richarde duke of Yorke, 
and the death of good king Henrie the 
| Sixt, &c. As it was ſundry times acted 
VI. $ by the right honourable the Earl of Pem- 
broke his Servants, 1600, W. W. for Tho- 
mas Millington. : 
2. Do. 1600, V. S. for Thomas Millington. 
This was reprinted for T. P. without date, 
but in fact in 1619. | 


The true chronicle hiſtory of King Leir and his 


VII three daughters, Gonorill, Ragan, and 
; Cordelia, 1605, Simon Stafford, for John 
Wright. 


A pleaſaunt conceited Hiſtorie, called, The 
Taming of a Shrew, As it hath beene ſun- 
VIII. dry times acted by the right honourable 
the Earle of Pembrooke his Servants, 

_ V. S, for Nicholas Ling. 
MALOR E. 


LIST 


LIST or PLAYS ALTII ED FROM SHAKSPEARE, 


INVENIES ETIAM DISJECTI MEMBRA POETAE. 
| ' Tempeſt. 
The Tempeſt, or the Enchanted Iſland. A Comedy, 
ated in Dorſet Garden. By Sir W. D*Avenant and 
Dryden. 4to. 1669. j 

The Tempeſt, made into an opera by Shadwell in 
1673. See Downes, p. 34. 

The Tempeſt, an Opera taken from Shakſpeare. As 
it is performed at the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane. By 
Mr. Garrick. 8vo. 1756. | 


Two Gentlemen of Verona. 

The Two Gentlemen of Verona. A Comedy written 
by Shakſpeare, with alterations and additions, as it is 
performed at the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane, By 
Mr. Victor, 8vo. 1763. | 

Merry Wiwes of Windſor. 
The Comical Gallant, or the Amours of Sir John Fal- 
ſtaffe. A Comedy, as it is acted at the Theatre Royal 
in Drury Lane, by his Majeſties Servants. By Mr. 
Dennis. 4to. 1702. 5 


Meaſure for Meaſure. 
b The Law againſt Lovers, by Sir William D'Avenant. 
ol. 1673. ; 
ror LA for Meaſure, or Beauty the beſt Advocate, 
As it is acted at the Theatre in Lincolns Inn Fields; 
written originally by Mr. Shakſpeare, and now very 
much altered: with additions of ſeveral Entertainments 


of Muſick, By Mr. Gildon. 4to. 1700, 


Comedy of Errors. 


The Comedy of Errors, as it is ated at the Theatre 
Royal in Covent Garden. Altered by Mr. Hull. 


Much Ado about Nothing. 
The Law againſt Lovers. By Sir W. Davenant. 
Fol. 1673. | | 
The Univerſal Paſſion. A Comedy as it is acted - 
| tne 


PLAYS ALTERED FROM SHAKSPEARE. 237 


the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane, by his Majeſties Ser- 
vants. By James Miller. 8vo. 1737. 


Lowe's Labour's Loft. 


The Students, a Comedy altered from Shakſpeare's 
Love's Labour's Loſt, and adapted to the ſtage. 8vo. 
1762. | 
b Midſummer-NMight's Dream. 

The Humours of Bottom the Weaver, by Robert Cox. 
tO. | 

The Fairy Queen, an Opera, repreſented at tha 
Queen's Theatre by their Majeſties Servants. 4to. 1692. 
Pyramus and Thiſbe, a Comick Maſque, written by 

Richard Leveridge, performed at Lincoln's Inn Fields, 
8vo. 1716. | 

Pyramus and Thiſbe, a Mock Opera, written by Shak- 
ſpeare. Set to muſick by Mr. Lampe. Performed at 
the Theatre Royal in Covent Garden. 8vo. 1745. 

The Fairies, an Opera, taken from a Midſummer- 
| Night's Dream written by Shakſpeare, as it is perform- 
ed at the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane, By Mr. Gar- 
rick. 8vo. 1755. | 

A Midſummer-Night's Dream, written by Shakſpeare, 
with Alterations and Additions, and ſeveral new Songs. 
As it is performed at the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane. 
8vo.. 1763. : 

A Fairy Tale, in two acts, taken from Shakſpeare. 
As it is performed at the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane. 
8vo. 1763. 5 | 


Merchant of Venice. 


The Jew of Venice, a Comedy. As it is acted at the 


Theatre in Little Lincoln's Inn Fields, by his Majeſty's 
Servants. By George Granville, Eſq. (afterwards Lord 
Lanſdowne.) 4to. 1701. 


A, you like it. 
Love in a Foreſt, a Comedy. As it is acted at the 


Theatre Royal in Drury Lane, by his Majeſty's Servants. 
By C. Johnſon, 8vo. 1723. | _ 
e 


238 PLAYS ALTERED FROM sHAKSPEARE. 
The Modern Receipt, or a Cure for Love. A Co- 
medy altered from Shakſpeare. The Dedication is ſigned 
J. C. 12mo. 1739. — 


Taming of the Shrew, 

Sawny the Scott, or the Taming of the Shrew; a Co- 
medy, as it is now acted at the Theatre Royal, and never 
before printed. By John Lacy. 4to. 1698. 

' The Cobler of Preſton, a Farce, as it is acted at the 
New Theatre in Lincoln's Inn Fields, By Chriſtopher 
Bullock. 12mo. 1716. 

The Cobler of Preſton, as it acted at the Theatre 
Royal in Drury Lane by his Majeſty's Servants. By C. 
Johnſon. 8 vo. 1716. 

A Cure for a Scold, a Ballad Opera, by James Worſ- 
dale, 8yo. Taken from the Taming of the Shrew, 
12MO. 1738. 

Catharine nd Petruchio. By Mr. Garrick. 8vo. 


1756. 
: 3 5 Tale. 


The Winter's Tale, a Play altered from Shakſpeare. 
By Charles Marſh. 8vo. 1756. 

Florizel and Perdita, by Mr. Garrick. 8vo. 1758. 

Sheepſhearing, or Florizel and Perdita, by —. 
Dublin. 12mo. 1767, 

The Sheep-ſhearing: a Dramatick Paſtoral, In three 
acts. Taken from Shakſpeare, As it is performed at 
the Theatre Royal in the Haymarket, 8vo. 1777. 


Macbeth, 

Macbeth, a Tragedy, with all the Alterations, Amend- 
ments, Additions, and new Songs; as it is now acted 
at the Duke's Theatre. By Sir William D'Avenant. 
4to. 1674. 

The Hiſtorical Tragedy of Macbeth (written orig i- 
nally by Shakſpeare) newly adapted to the ſtage, with 
Alterations, as performed at the Theatre in Edinburgh. 
8 vo. 1753. 


King 


ds „ 20 4 


PLAYS ALTERED FROM SHAKSPEARE. 239 


King Tohn, 
Papal Tyranny in the Reign of King John, a Tra- 


gedy; as it is acted at the Theatre Royal in Covent 
Garden, by his Majeſty's Servants. By Colley Cibber. 


8vo. 1744 
K. Richard II. 


The Hiſtory of King Richard the Second. Acted at 
the Theatre Royal under the title of the Sicilian Uſur- 
per: with a prefatory Epiſtle in vindication of the Au- 
thour, occaſioned by the Prohibition of his Play on the 
Stage. By N. Tate. 4to. 1681. be 

The Tragedy of King Richard II. altered from Shak- 


ſpeare. By Lewis Theobald. 8vo. 1720. 


King Richard II. a Tragedy, altered from Shakſpeare, 
and the ftile imitated, By James Goodhall. Printed 
at Mancheſter. 8vo. 1772. 


King Henry IV. Part I. 
King Henry IV. with the Humours of Sir John Fal- 


ſtaff; a Tragi-comedy, as it is acted at the Theatre in 


Little Lincoln's Inn Fields, by his Majeſty's Servants. 
Revived with, Alterations, By Mr. Betterton, 4to. 
King Henry IV. Part Il. 

The Sequel of Henry IV. with the Humours of Sir 
John Falſtaff and Juſtice Shallow; as it is acted by his 
Majeſty's Company of Comedians at the Theatre Royal 
in Drury Lane. Altered from Shakſpeare by the late 


Mr. Betterton. 8vo. No date. 


King Henry VI. Three Parts. 


Henry the Sixth, the Firſt Part, with the Murder of 
Humphrey Duke of Gloceſter. As it was acted at the 
Duke's Theatre. By John Crowne. 4to. 1681. 

Henry the Sixth, the Second Part, or the Miſery of 
Civil War, As it was acted at the Duke's Theatre. 
By John Crowne, 4to. 1681, 


Humfrey 


240 PLAYS ALTERED FROM SHAKSPEARE, 


HFumfrey Duke of Glouceſter, a Tragedy, as it is act- 

ed at the 'Theatre Royal in Drury Lane by his Majeſty's 
Servants. [A few ſpeeches and lines , borrowed from 
Shakſpeare.] By Ambroſe Philips. : 
An Hiſtorical Tragedy of the Civil Wars in the Reign 

of King Henry VI. (being a Sequel to the Tragedy of 
Humfrey Duke of Glouceſter, and an Introduction to the 
. Tragical Hiſtory of King Richard III.) Altered from 
Shakſpeare in the year 1720. By Theo. Cibber. 8vo. 
No date. is 

King Richard III. 
The Tragical Hiſtory of King Richard III. Altered 

from Shakſpeare. By Colley Cibber. Ds 


Coriolanus. 


The Ingratitude of a Commonwealth, or the Fall of 
Caius Martius Coriolanus. As it 1s acted at the Theatre 
Royal. By Nahum Tate. 4to. 1682. | | 
The Invader of his Country, or the Fatal Reſentment. 
As it is acted at the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane, by 
his Majeſty's Servants. By John Dennis. 8vo. 1720. 

Coriolanus, or the Roman Matron, a Tragedy, taken 
from Shakſpeare and Thomſon. As it is acted at the 
Theatre Royal in Covent Garden : to which 1s added the 
Order of the Ovation. By Thomas Sheridan, 8vo. 


1755. 

ho ; Julius Ceſar. 

The Tragedy of Julius Cæſar, with the Death of Bru- 
tus and Caſſius: written originally by Shakſpeare, and 
ſince altered by Sir William D'Avenant and John Dry- 
den, Poets Laureat ; as it is now acted by his Majeſty's 
Company of Comedians at the Theatre Royal. To 
which is prefixed the Life of Julius Cæſar, abſtracted 
from Plutarch and Suetonius. 12mo. 1719. | 

The Tragedy of Julius Cæſar, altered, with a Pro- 
logue and Chorus. 4to. 1722. | 

The Tragedy of Marcus Brutus, with the Prologue 
and the two laſt Choruſſes. 4to. 1722. Both by John 
Sheffield Duke of Buckingham, 9 | 


Antony 


= 


| PLAYS ALTERED FROM SHAKSPEARE. 24x 


Antony and Cleopatra. 


Antony and Cleopatra, an Hiſtorical Play, written by 
William Shakſpeare, fitted for the ftage by abridging 
only; and now acted at the Theatre Royal in Drury 
Lane by his Majeſty's Servants. By Edward Capell. 
12MO. 1758, | 33 

_ - Timon bf .. << 

The Hiſtory of Timon of Athens, the Man-hater. As 
it is acted at the Duke's Theatre; made into a Play, 
by Tho. Shadwell. 4to. 1678. | 
Timon of Athens. As it is acted at the Theatre 
Royal on Richmond Green. Altered from Shakſpeare 
and Shadwell, By James Love. 8vo. 1768. | 

Timon of Athens, altered from Shakſpeare, a Trage- 
dy, as it is acted at the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane, 
By Mr. Cumberland. 8vo. 1771. £ 

Titus Andronicus. . 

Titus Andronicus, or the Rape of Lavinia. Acted 
at the Theatre Royal. A Tragedy, altered from Mr. 
Shakſpeare's Works. By Edward Ravenſcroft. 4to. 


1687. i 
8 Troilus and Creſſida. 


Troilus and Creflida, or Truth found too late. A 


Tragedy, as it is ated at the Duke's Theatre, By John 
Dryden. 4to. 1679. | | 
Cymibeline. 

The Injured Princeſs, or the Fatal Wager. As it was 
acted at the Theatre Royal, by his Majeſty's Servants, 

By Tho. Durfey. 4to. 1682. 
Cyvyabeline, King of Great Britain, a Tragedy written 
by Shakſpeare, with ſome alterations. By Charles 
Marſh. 8vo. 1755. | 

Cymbeline, a Tragedy, altered from Shakſpeare. As 

it is performed at the Theatre Royal in Covent Garden, 
By W. Hawkins. 8vo. 1759. | 


Cymbeline, altered by Mr. Garrick in the ſame year. 


Vor, I. al King 


| 
b 


[ 0 
r  — ᷑̃ĩ V ² w ES 2 HO Ae — —[ Br) Eton 


242 PLAYS ALTERED FROM SHAKSPEARE. 


King Lear. 
The Hiſtory of King Lear, acted at the Duke's Thea- 
tre. Revived with Alterations, By Nahum Tate. 
4to. 168 1. : | 
The Hiſtory of King Lear, as it is performed at the 
Theatre Royal in Covent Garden, By George Colman, 
8vo. 1768. „„ | 
| Romeo and Juliet. | 
Romeo and Juliet, altered into a Tragi-comedy, by 
James Howard, Eſq. See Downes, p. 22. | 
Caius Marius, by Tho, Qtway, 4to. 1680. 
Romeo and Juliet, a Tragedy, reviſed and altered 
from Shakſpeare. By Theo. Cibber. 8vo. No date. 
Romeo and Juliet, altered by Mr. Garrick. 12mo. 
From the Preface to the Republication of Marſh's 
Cymbeline in 1762, it appears. that he had likewiſe 
made an alteration of Romeo and Juliet, 


Hamlet, 
- Hamlet, altered by Mr. Garrick, 


N 
& * Fe e N 
5 R 88 Wb 
. 8 es F.. A AR etc nf 2 
e e . ws 8 2 x * We” N * N 9 2 a . I = 8 ä * 8 9 * N 1 


— 


List or DETACHED PIECES or Csiricisu on 
SHAKSPEARE, EIS EpiTokrs, &c. 


A ſhort View of Tragedy; its original, excellency, and 
corruption. With ſome Reflections on Shakſpeare and 
other Practitioners for the Stage. By Mr. Rymer, Ser- 
vant to their Majeſties. Small 8vo. 1693. 


Some Reflections on Mr. Rymer's Short View of Tra- 
gedy, and an Attempt at a Vindication of Shakſpeare, 
in an Eſſay directed to John Dryden, Eſq. By Charles 
Gildon.—This tract is found on ly in Gildon's Mi/cellanzous 
Letters and Effays on ſeveral ſabjeXs, ſmall 8. 1694. 


Remarks on the Plays of Shakſpeare. By C. Gildon, 
$yo. Printed at the end of the ſeventh volume of Rowe's 
edition. 1710. 5 


An Eſſay on the Genius and Writings of Shakſpeare, 
with ſome Letters of Criticiſm to the Spectator. By Mr. 
Dennis. 8vo, 1712. 


Shakſpeare reſtored : or a Specimen of the many Errors 
as well committed as unamended, by Mr. Pope in his 
late Edition of this Poet. Deſigned not only to corre& 
the ſaid Edition, but to reſtore the true Reading of 
Shakſpeare in all the Editions ever yet publiſhed. By 
Mr. Theobald. 4to. 1726. = 


An Anſwer to Mr. Pope's Preface to Shakſpeare, in a 
letter to a friend, being a Vindication of the old Actors 
who were the publiſſiers and performers of that Author's 
Plays. Whereby the Errors of their Edition are further 
accounted for, and ſome Memoirs of Shakſpeare and 
the Stage Hiſtory of his Time are inſerted, which were 
never before collected and publiſhed. By a ſtrolling 


Player. [John Roberts. ] 8vo. 1729. 


Some Remarks on the Tragedy of Hamlet Prince of 
Denmark, written by William Shakſpeare. Printed for 
W. Wilkins in Lombard Street. 8 vo. 1735. 


"nas Explanitory 


244 CRITICISMS ON SHAKSPEARE, &c. 
Explanatory and Critical Notes on divers Paſſages of 
Shakſpeare's Plays, by Francis Peck. Printed with his 


„New Memoirs of the Life and Writings of Mr. John 


Milton.“ 4to. 1740. e 


An Eſſay towards fixing the true Standards of Wit and 


Humour, Raillery, Satire, and Ridicule: to which is 
added an Analyſis of the Characters of an Humouriſt, 
Sir John Falſtaff, Sir Roger de Coverley, and Pon 
Quixote. [By Corbyn Morris, Eſq.] 8vo. 1744. 


Miſcellaneous Obſervations on the Tragedy of Mac- 
beth: with Remarks on Sir Thomas Hanmer's Edition 
of Shakſpeare. To which is affixed—Propoſals for a new 
Edition of Shakſpeare, with a Specimen. [By Dr, Sa- 


muel Johnſon. ] 12mo. 1745. 


A Word or two of Advice to William Warburton, a 
Dealer in many words. By a Friend. [Dr. Grey. ] 
With an Appendix containing a taſte of William's ſpirit 
of railing. 8vo. 1746 | 

Critical Obſervations on Shakſpeare: by John Upton, 
Prebendary of Rocheſter. 8vo, Firſt Edition, 1746. 
Second Edition, 1748. 

Eſſay on Engliſh Tragedy, with Remarks on the Abbẽ 
Le Blanc's Obſervations on the Engliſh Stage. By Wil- 
liam Guthrie, Eſq, 8vo. no date, but printed in 1747. 


An Enquiry into the Learning of Shakſpeare, with 


Remarks on ſeveral Paſſages of his Plays. In a Conver- 


ſation. between Eugenius and Neander. By Peter Whal- 
ley, A. B. Fellow of St. John's College Oxford. 8vo. 


I 748. a | 
An Anſver td certain Paſſages in Mr. W——'s Preface 


to his Edition of Shakſpeare, together with ſome Re- 


marks on the many Errors and falſe Criticiſms in the 


Wark itſelf. 8vo. 1748. 


Remarks upon a late Edition of Shakſpeare: with a 


long ſtring of Emendations borrowed by the celebrated 
| | | Editor 


28 


AN 


CRITICISMS ON SHAESPEARE, &e. 245 


Editor from the Oxford Edition without acknowledg- 
ment. To which is prefixed a Defence of the late Sir 
Thomas Hanmer, Bart. Addreſſed to the Rev. Mr. War- 
burton, Preacher of Lincoln's Inn, &c. 8vo. No date. 


The Canons of Criticiſm and Gloſſary, being a Sup- 
plement to Mr. Warburton's Edition of Shakſpeare. Col. 
lected from the Notes in that celebrated Work, and pro- 


per to be bound up with it. By the other Gentleman of 


Lincoln's Inn. [Mr. Edwards.] Firſt Edition, 8 vo. 
1748. Seventh Edition, with Additions. 8 vo. 1765. 

Remarks on Shakſpeare by Mr. Roderick, are printed 
at the end of this Edition. 8 


An Attempte to reſcue that aunciente Engliſh Poet and 
Play-wrighte Maiſter Williame Shakſpeare from the many 
errours faulſely charged on him by certaine new-fangled 
Wittes; and to let him ſpeak for himſelf, as right well he 
wotteth, when freede from the many careleſs miſtakings 
of the heedleſs firſt Imprinters of his Workes. By a 
Gentleman formerly of Gray's Inn, [Mr. Holt.]. 8vo. 
I „% 

Miſcellaneous Obſervations on the Tragedy of Hamlet 
Prince of Denmark: with a Preface containing ſome 
general Remarks on the Writings of Shakſpeare. 8vos, 


1 | 


The Beauties of Shakſpeare : regularly ſelected from | 


each Play : with a general Index digeſting them under 
proper Heads. IIluſtrated with explanatory Notes, and 
ſimilar Paſſages from ancient and modern Authors. By 
William Dodd; B. A. late of Clare Hall, Cambridge, 
2 Vols. 12mo. Firſt Edition, 1752, Second Edition, 1757. 
Third Edition in 3 Vols. es | : 

Shakſpeare illuſtrated : or the Novels and Hiſtories on 
which tne Plays of Shakſpeare are founded, collected and 
tranſlated from the original Authors, with critical Re- 
marks. In two Volumes. [By Mrs. Lenox.] 12mo. 
7 | PE 

A third Volume with the ſame Title, 1754. 

[Q3] The 


ed anc ne !! EE DS 2 ———— 


* 
W — — ſ—— 


wah 


— 


— * 


5 


N P 
a. 


4 


* * 
— 14 Gs 
— — * 


FL neee 
* * 
C&S 


. 11 2 * * 
* 5 * eo 
. _ 


- ry re 


ins 
4 
”1 
* 4 
& ! 
% 
. 
, 
1 
1 
1 
& 
4+ * 
[4 


246 CRITICISMS ON SHAKSPFARE, &c. 


The Novel from which the Play of the Merchant of 


Venice written by Shakſpeare, is taken, tranſlated from 


the Italian. To which is added, a Tranſlation of a Novel 
from the Decamerone of Boccaccio. 8vo. 1755. 


Critical, Hiſtorical, and Explanatory Notes on Shak - 
ſpeare, with Emendations of the Text and Metre : by 
Zachary Grey, LL. D. 2 Vols. 8vo. 1755. 


The Caftrated Letter of Sir Thomas Hanmer, in the 
Sixth Volume of BIioRAPHIA BRITANNICA, where- 
in is diſcovered the firft riſe of the preſent Biſhop of 
Glouceſter's quarrel with that Baronet, about his edition 
of Shakſpeare's plays: to which is added an impartial 
account of the extraordinary means uſed to ſuppreſs this 
remarkable letter, By a Proprietor of that ke (Philip 
Nichols.] 4to. 1763. 


A Reviſal of Shakſpeare's Text, wherein the Altera- | 


tions introduced into it by the more Modern Editors and 
Criticks are particularly conſidered. (By Mr. Heath.] 
8vo. 1765. 

A Review of Dr. Johnſon's New Edition of Shak- 


| ſpeare; in which the Ignorance or Inattention of that 


Editor is expoſed, and the Poet defended from the Per- 
ſecution of his Commentators. By W. Kenrick. zvo. 
1765. 

An Examination of Mr. Kenrick's Review of Mr. 
Johnſon's Edition of Shakſpeare. [By] Mr. Barclay. 
8vo. 17:6. 


A Defence of Mr. Kenrick's Review of Dr. Johnſon's 
Shakſpeare, containing a number of curious and ludi- 


crous Anecdotes. of Literary Biography. By a Friend. 


li. e. W. Kenrick. ] 8vo. 1766. 


Obiervations and Conjectures on ſome Paſſages of 
Shakefpeare. By Tho. Tyrwhitt, Eſq.] 8vo. 1766. 


An Eſſay on the Learning of Shakſpeare, addreſſed to 
Joſeph Cradock, Eſq. By the Rev. Dr. Richard Farmer. 


8v0, 1707. Second Edition, crown 8v0. 1767. 
e A LT 


- 


CRITICISMS ON SHARK SPE ARE, Kc. 247 


ALetter to David Garrick, Eſq. concerning a Gloſſary 
to the Plays of Shakſpeare, on a more extenſive Plan 
than has hitherto appeared. To which is added a Spe- 
cimen. By Richard Warner, Eſq. 8 vo. 1768. 


An Eſſay on the Writings and Genius of Shakſpeare, 
compared with the Greek and French Dramatick Poets, 
with ſome Remarks upon the Miſrepreſentations of Mon- 
fieur de Voltaire. By Mrs. Montagu. 8 vo. Firſt Edi- 
tion, 1769. Second Edition, 1776. 355 


The Tragedy of King Lear as lately publiſhed, vin- 
dicated from the Abuſe of the Critical Reviewers ; and 
the wonderful Genius and Abilities of thoſe Gentlemen 
for Criticiſm, ſet forth, celebrated, and extolled. By 
the Editor of King Lear. [Charles Jennens, Eſq.} 
8vo. 1772. : | 


| Shakſpeare, 4to. This piece was written by Dr. 
Kenrick Preſcott, and is dated Feb. 5, 1774. 


Curſory Remarks on Tragedy, on Shakſpeare, and og 
certain French and Italian Poets, &c. Crown 8vo. 1774. 


A Philoſophical Analyſis and Illuſtration of ſome of 
Shakſpeare's, remarkable CharaQters. By William Rich- 
ardſon, Eſq. Profeſſor of Humanity in the Univerſity of 
Glaſgow, 12mo. Firſt Edition, 1773. Second Edition, 
17741. . 

The Morality of Shakſpeare's Drama illuſtrated. By 
Mrs. Griffith. 8 vo. 1775. | 


A Letter to George Hardinge, Eſq. on the Subject of 

a Paſſage in Mr. Steevens's Preface to his Impreſſion of 
Shakſpeare, [By the Rev. Mr. Collins.] 4to. 1777. 
[Dr. Johnſon obſerved of this performance, that it was 
© a great gun without powder and ball.””] On the title- 
page of a copy of it preſented by Mr. Capell, together 
with his Sha#/peariana, to Trinity College, Cambridge, 
is the following Mſ. note: Seen through the preſs by 
Mr. H, &c. Note in p. 18 added, and the poſt- 
{cript new-molded by him. E. C.“ i. e. Edward Capell. 
iFQs] Diſcours 


— 


£ 
A 
* 
* o 
79 
5 
BY 
* 4 
* 
* * 
1 
* 
j 
(i 
4 
4 
4. 4 
—_ 
'q4 
C 0 | 
85 
_ 
ly 
f, 
h 


248 CRITICISMS ON SHAKSPEARE, &c. 


Diſcours ſur Shakſpeare et ſur Monſieur de Voltaire, 
par Joſeph Baretti, Secretaire pour la Correſpondence 
etrangere de TV Academie Royale W 8vo. 


1777. 
An Eſſay on the Dramatick Character of Sir 285 Fal- 
ſtaff. [By Mr. Morgan.] 8vo. 1777. 


A Letter from Monſieur de n to the French 
Academy. Tranſlated from the original Edition juſt 
publiſhed at Paris. 8vo. 1777. 


A Supplement to the edition of Shakſpeare's plays 
publiſhed in 1778. —Containing Additional Obſerva- 
tions by ſeveral of the former Commentators ; to which 
are ſubjoined the . Genuine Poems of the ſame authour, 
and Seven Plays that have been aſcribed to him; with 
Notes, by the editor [Mr. Malone] and others. 2 Vols. 


8vo. 1780. 


Notes and Various Readings to Shakſpeare, by Ed- | 


ward Capell. 3 vols. 4to. 1781. 


Remarks critical and illuſtrative on the text and notes 
of the laſt edition of Shakſpeare. [i. e. Mr. Steevens' 3 
edition in 778. ] 8vo. 1783. 


A familiar addreſs to the curious in Englith poetry, 
more particularly to the readers of Shakſpeare. BV 


Therſites Literarius. 8vo. 1784. 


A Second Appendix to Mr. Malone's Supplement to 
the laſt edition of the plays of Shakſpeare; containing 
additional obſervations by the editor of the Supplement, 
8vo. 1783.—Of this appendix only fifty Copies were 


printed. 


Eſſays on Shakſpeare? s dramatick characters of Rich- 
ard the Third, King Lear, and Timon of Athens. To 
which are added, an Eſſay on the faults of Shakſpeare, 
and additional obſervations on the character of Hamlet. 


By Mr. Richardſon, 12mo. 1784, Y 


Dramatick 


CRITICISMS ON SHAKSPEARE, Kc. 249 


Dramatick Miſcellanies, conſiſting of Critical Ob- 
fervations on the plays of Shakſpeare, &c. By Thomas 
Davies. 3 vols. crown 8vo. 1784. 


Comments on the Jaſt edition of Shakſpeare's plays. 

By John Monck Maſon, Eſq. 8vo. 1785. 

Remarks on ſome of the characters of Shakſpeare. By 
the author of O&/ervations on Modern Gardening. 8v0. 
47855. 

Macbeth Reconſidered, an Eſſay; intended as an 


anſwer to part of the Remarks on ſome of the characters 
of Shakſpeare. 8 vo. 1786. 


A Concordance to Shakſpeare; ſuited to all the edi- 
tions, &c. 8vo. 1787. 
This book is not what it profeſſes to be, being only a 


number of paſſages in Shakſpeare's plays, ill ſelected, 


and abſurdly arranged. 
The Quip Modeſt; a few words by way of ſupplement 


to Remarks, Critical and Illuſtrative, on the text and 
notes of the laſt edition of Shakſpeare, &c. 8vo. 1788. 


The authour of this pamphlet, after a few copies 
had got abroad, had the modefty to ſuppreſs it. Some time 
afterwards, repenting as it were of his repentance, he 
iſſued it out. One inftance may be ſufficient to ſhew his 
profound ignorance of the poet whom he attempted to 
illuſtrate; he ſuppoſed the words ignomy and intergatory, 
in a late edition of Shakſpeare, to be erronrs of the preſs ! 
So, when the clown in Meaſure for Meaſure ſays, there 
were but two ſtew'd prunes in the houſe, which at that 
very diſtant time ſtood, as it were in a fruit-diſn, &c. 
this Remarker, for di/?art, would read infant. 

A liſt of ſuch errours may be _ enlarged. When 
Dame Quickly talks of a honey-/uckle villain, and Mer- 
cutio ſpeaks of the nurſe's inditing Romeo to ſupper, 
according to the crude notions of this QUIPsTER, we 
ought for Honeyſuchle to ſubſtitute homicidal, for indie, 
gnvite, &c. &c. | | 


Voc. I. tag! EXTRACTS 


4 
N 
0 
* 
1 yu + 
1 
' 
0 


EXTRACTS OF ENTRIES 
ON TH E 
Books of the STATIONERS? CoMPaANYe 


Charter was granted to the Company of Stationers 

on the 4th of May, 1556, (third and fourth of 
Philip and Mary,) and was confirmed by Queen Eliza- 
beth in 1560. . 
The firſt volume of theſe Entries has been either loſt 
or deſtroyed, as the earlieſt now to be found is lettered 
B.. The hall was burnt in the fire of London. The 


entries begin July 17, 1576. 
Feb. 18, 1582. | e. 
M. Tottell.] Romeo and Juletta *. p. 193 


April 3, 1592. 
Edw. White.] The tragedie of Arden of Fever- 
' ſham and Black Wills. 286 


N. B. The terms book and Ballad were anciently uſed to ſignify 
dramatick works as well as any other forms of compoſition; while 
tragedy and comedy were titles very often beſtowed on novels of the 
ſerious and the lighter kind. STEEVENS. . 

1 Since this was written, the firſt volume, marked A, has been 


found. MALONE. „ 
z Perhaps the original work on which Shakſpeare founded his play 


of Romeo and Juliet. STEEVENS. 

3 This play was reprinted in 1770 at Feverſham, with a preface 
attributing it to Shakſpeare. The collection of parallel paſſages which 
the editor has brought forward to Juſtify his ſuppoſition, is ſuch as 


will make the reader ſmile. The following is a ſpecimen : 


Arden of Fever ſham, p. 74» 
« Fling down Endimion, and ſnatch him up.” 


Merchant of Venice, AQ Y, ſc. i. a 
« Peace! how the moon ſleeps with Endymion!“ 


Arden of Fever ſbam, p. 87. 
«© Let my death make amends for all my fin.” 


Mach Ado about Nothing, Act IV. bt; ii. 5 
« Death is the faireft cover for her ſhame,” S TEE VIN«s. 


April 


. 


£24 ths 3 SF LONG. 
n e 


* 


A IT WA EIU IR 
Ns : C . 
1 N FE OS os Z (( 
7 . 5 AID; Th 8 8 YE 3 TN. FIBER I, 
4 . * e POW SR IFSIE  TYFRASE 


4 


42s. 


7 ED 9 r FI 
"Wh N 8 N 5 
I Ex 2 8 : TE AL ape) Vis a . a 
SC 2 LIE. TIT, ESD KS 5 . „ 
SE I Iva CCC 
* * . " ES, W 4 28 SE SLID S 


ENTRIES, &. 251 
| April 18, 1593. 
Rich, Field.] A booke entitled Venus and Adonis“. 297 b. 
ES Afterwards entered by —— Harriſon, 
ſen. June 23, 1594: by W. Leake, June 
23. 1599: by W. Barrett, Feb. 16. 
1616, and by John Parker, March 8, 


1619. 
Oct. 19, 593. 
Symon Waterſon.] A booke entitled the Trage- 
die of Cleopatra s. 301 b. 
Feb. 6, 1593 


John Danter.] A booke entitled a noble Roman 


Hiſtory ot 'Vitus Andronicus 304 by 
Entered alſo unto him by warrant 
from Mr. Woodcock, the ballad thereof. 


March 12. 1593. 


Tho. Millington.] A booke entituled the Firſt 


Part of the Contention of the twoo fa- 
mous Houſes of Yorke and Lancaſter, 
with the Deathe of the good Duke Hum- 
phrie, and the Baniſhment and Deathe 
of the Duke of Yorke, and the tragical 
Ende of the proude Cardinall of Win- 
cheſter, with the notable Rebellion of 
Jacke Cade, and the Duke of Yorke's 


firſt Claime unto the Crown, 305 b. 


4 The laſt ſtanza of a poem entitled “ Mirrha the Mother of 
Adonis; or Luſtes Prodegies, by William Barkſted, 1607, has the 
following praiſe of Shakſpeare's Venus and Adonis. . 

& But ſtay, my muſe, in thy own confines keepe, 
And wage not warre with ſo deere-lov'd a neighbor; 
« But, having ſung thy day - ſong, reſt and ſleepe, 
« Preſerve thy ſmall fame and his greater favor. 
4 His ſong was worthie merit, (Shakſpeare hee) 
« Sung the faire bloſſome, thou the withered tree: 
& Laurel is due to him ; his art and wit 
c Hath purchas'd it; cypres thy brow will fit.” STEZV RNS. 
5 I ſuppoſe this to be Daniel's tragedy of Cleopatra, Simon Waters 
fon was one of the printers of his other works. STEEVENS. 
Daniel's Cleopatra was publiſhed by Waterſon in 1594; this entry 


therefore undoubtedly related to it. MALONEs | 
| | | May 


252 ENTRIES ON THE 


May 2, 1594. 
Peter Shorte. ] A pleaſaunt conceyted hy ſtorie 
called the Tayminge of a Shrowe ©. 306 b. 


| May 9, 1594. 
Mr, Harriſon Sen.] A booke entitled the Ravyſh- 
ment of Lucrece. 306 b. 


| May 12, 1594. | 
Tho. Strode.] A booke entituled the famous Vic- 
tories of Henry the Fift, containing the 
honorable Battell of Agincourt “. 306 b. 


May 14, 1594 
Edw. White.] A booke entituled the famous 
Chronicle Hiſtorye of Leire King of 

i England and his three Daughters ö. 307 
1 May 22, 1594. 
| Edw. White.] A booke intituled a Winter Nyghts 
my Paſtme?, 307 b. 
= June 19, 1594. 
= | Tho. Creede.] An enterlude entitled the Tragedie 
= of Richard the Third, wherein is ſhown 
= : the Death of Edward rhe Fourthe, with 

| the Smotheringe of the twoo Princes in 
4 the Tower, with the lamentable End of 

L Shore's Wife, and the Contention of the 3 
= two Houſes of Lancaſter and York*. 309 b. 


. 6 I conceive it to be the 90 that furniſhed Shakſpeare with the 
materials which he afterwards worked up into another with the ſame 
title. STEEVENS. 
7 This might have been the very diſpleafug play mentioned in the 
epilogue to the ſecond part of King Henry IV. STEEVENS. 
The earlieſt edition of this play now known to be extant, was 
printed in 1598, Of that cdition I have a copy. This piece furniſhed 
Shakſpeare with the outline of the two parts of X. Henry IV. as well 
as with that of X. Henry V. MATLONE. 
8 I ſuppoſe this to be the play on the ſame ſubject as that of our 
author, but written before it. STEEVENS. 
Query, if the Winter's Tale. STEEVEN S.. 
1 This could not have been the work of Shakſpeare, as the death of : 
Jay Bl 


Jane Shore makes no part of his drama. STEEVENS. 


Sb 8 5 A 1 * © * 1 P 

SY r N 

CG is Tv OE On OT IE 25 

Or RT < 
9 0? Oe 4. 2 


STATTIONERS“ REGISTERS. 253 


July 20, 1594. | 
Tho, Creede.] The lamentable Tragedie of Lo- 
crine, the eldeſt Son of K. Brutus, diſ- 
courſinge the Warres of the Britains, &c. 310 h. 
Vol. C. 
Before the beginning of this volume are placed, 
two leaves containing irregular entries, prohibi- 
tions, notes, &c. Among theſe are the following. 
Aug. 4th. 
As You like it, a book. 
Henry the Fift, a book *. 
Comedy of Much Ado about Nis 
thing. 
'The dates ſcattered over theſe pages are from 
t596 to 1615. 


to be ſtaied. 


Dec. 1, 1595. 


Cuthbert Burby. ] A booke entituled Edward the 
Third and the Black Prince, their warres 


with King John of Frances. 6 
Aug. 5, 1596. 
Edw. White. 7 A new ballad of Romeo and Ju- 
- * - Nett®, 12 b. 


Aug. 15, 1597. 
Rich. Jones.] Two ballads, being the firſt and 
ſecond parts of the Widowe of Watling- 
Keen | 22 b. 


2 Probably the play before that of Shakſpeare. STEEveNs. 

Surely this muſt have been Shakſpeare's Henry V. which, as well 26 
Much ado about nothing, was printed in 1600, when this entry appears 
to have been made. See the Eſſay on the chronological order of Shak. 
ſpeare's plays; Article, As you like it, MALONE, 

3 This is aſcribed to Shakſpeare by the compilers of ancient cata- 
logues. STEEVENS. 

4 Quere, if Shakſpeare's play, the firſt edition of which appeared 
in 1597. STEVENS, 

5 Perhaps the ſongs on which the play with the ſame title was 
founded. It may, however, be the play itſelf, It was not uncom- 
mon to divide one dramatick piece, though defigned for a ſingle exhi- 
dition, into two ä See the K. Fobn before that of Shakſpeare. 

STEEVENS. 


Aug. 


254 ENTRIES ON THE 


| Aug. 29, 1597. 
Andrew Wiſe.) The tragedye of Richard the 


Seconde. 
Oct. 20, 1597. 
Andrew Wiſe.] The tragedie of King Richard 
the Third, with the Deathe of the Duke 
of Clarence. 7 


Feb. 251 1597. 


Andrew Wiſe. ] A booke entitled the Hiſtorie of 


Henry the Fourth, with his Battle at 
Shrewſbury againſt Henry Hottſpurre of 
the North, with the conceipted Mirth 
of Sir John Falſtoff. 

July 22, 1598. 

James Roberts. ] A booke of the Merchaunt of Ve- 
nyſe, otherwiſe called the Jewe of Ve- 
nyſe. Provided that it be not prynted 
by the ſaid James Roberts or any other 

wWuhatſoever, without leave firſt had from 
the ryght honourable the Lord Cham- 
berlen. 
Jan. 9, 1598. 

Mr. Woolf. ] A booke called the Firſte Parte of 
the Life and Reign of King Henry the 
Fourthe, extending to the End of the 
firſt Veare of his Reign“. 


Aug. 4, 1600. 
Tho. Pay er.] Firſt Part of the Hiſtory of the 
| | waa of Sir John Oldcaſtle Lord Cob. 
m 
Item, The Second Part of the Hiſtory 
of Sir John Oldcaftle Lord Cobham, 
with his Martyrdom. 


Aug. 14, 1600. 
Tho. Payer, 2 The Hiſtorye of Henry the Fifth, 
with the Battel of Agincourt, &c. 


23 


25 


31 


39 b. 


45 b. 


63 


. d This was à narrative in proſe, written by I, Hayward. MAzoNnZ. 


4 


Aug. 


n B 2 * 2 — 3 e _— * N 3 , * - + — 
mee emen . . . TE” EEO : 


S PO e dhe 

. & "a SE FTA N 4 N r * * , . 

3 * py * 7 5 5 ROY 4 7 2 8 25 5 2 * FI. 4 8 FE; N A IL ROK nan A Aer ade; 
an 7 N es + 2 © 


STATIONERS' REGISTERS. 233 


Aug. 23, 1600. 
And. Wiſe, and Wm. Aſpley.] Much Ado about 6 
Nothing. 63 b. 
Second Part of the Hiſtory of King 
Henry the Fourth, with the Humours 
of Sir John Falſtaff, written by Mr. | 
SHAKESPERE. _ ibid, 


OR. 8, 1600. 


Tho. F iſher. ] A booke called a Midſomer Nyghte 
Dreame. : 65 b. 
Oct. 28, 1600. 


Tho. Heyes.] A booke called the Book of the 
Merchaunt of Venyce. 66 
Jan. 18, 1601. 


John Buſby. ] An excellent and pleaſaunt conceit- 
ed comedie of Sir John Faulfloff and 


| the Merry Wyves of Windlore. | 78 
Arth. Johnſon.] The preceding entered as aſſign- 

ed to him from John Buſby. 85 ibid. 

April 19, 1602. » 


Tho. Pavyer.] A booke called Titus Andronicus, 80 1 


5 July 26, 1602. 

James Roberts.] A booke called the Revenge of 
Hamlett Prince of Denmarke, as it was 
lately ated by the Lord Chamberlain 
his ſervants. 84 b. 

Aug. 11, 1602. 

Wm. Cotton. 1 A booke called the Lyfe and 
Death of the Lord Cromwell, as yt was 

lately acted by the Lord Chamberleyne 

his 12 rvantes. 85 b. 

Feb. 7, 1602. 

Mr. Roberts.] The booke of Troilus and Creſ- 

ſida, as it is acted by * Lo. Chamber- 

len's men. . 

June 


£ = \ 
N * 2 * 5 ” 
„* * 
R . — — — — — 5 
- * 5 _ * Du ts * 
SS — a 1 y4 E . * 


— —— 


* 
n — 2 - 
OD EE FONT 


250 ENTRIES ON THE 
June 25, 1603. 
Matt. Law.] Richard 3. 


Richard 2, : all kings. 
Henry 4. aft, Part. | 


Feb. 12, 1604. 


Nath. 3 That he get good allowance for 
the Enterlude of Henry 8, before he be- 
gin to print it; and then procure the 
warden's hand to at for the entrance of 
yt, he is to have the ſame for his copy. 120 

May 8, 1605. 

Simon Stafford. ] A booke called the tragicall 
Hiſtorie of King Leir and his three 
Daughters, as it was lately ated. 123 

John Wright.] By aſſignment from Simon Staf- 
ford and conſent of Mr. Leake, the tra- 
gical Hiſtory of King Lear, &c. pro- 
vided that Simon Stafford ſhall have the | 
printing of this book /. ibid. 

July 3, 1605. 
Tho. Pavyer.] A ballad of a lamentable Murder 


done in Yorkſhire, by a Gent. upon two 
of his owne Children, ſore wounding his 


98 


Wife and Nurſe®, &c. 126 | 
. Jan. 22, 1606. 
Nich. Ling. ] Romeo and juliett. 
Love“ s Labour Loſt. 


Taming of a Shrewe. 147 
Aug. 6, 1607. 2 


Geo. Ede. A booke called the Comedie of the 
Puritan Wydowe, 157 b. 


6 This was a play entitled, When you ſee me you Know me, or the 
famous chronicle biftorie of King Henrie the Right, &c, by Samuel 
Rowley. Printed for N. Butter, 1605, MALoNE. 

7 This is the King Lear before that 2 Shakſpeare, meas Ss 

© Query, if the play. STEEVENS. | 

Aug. 


8 92 ** * 
ä n * * 
2 Kh 5 e $4 DIES 88 8 
„ ET 
T 


Joſeph Hunt and Tho. Archer. ] A book called the 


STATIONERS' REGISTERS. 257 
Aug. 6, 1607. 


Tho. Thorpe. ] A comedy called What you Will ?. ibid. 


OR. 22, 1607. 
Arth. Johnſon. ] The Merry Devil of Edmonton“. 159 b. 


| Nov. 19, 1607» 
John Smythwick.] A booke called Hamlett. 
The Taminge of a Shrewe. | 
Romeo and Julett, 
Love's Labour Loft. 161 


Nov. 26, 1607. f 
Nath. Butter and John Buſby.] Mr. William 
Shakeſpeare, his Hyſtorie of King Lear, 
as it was played before the King's Ma- 
jeſtie at Whitehall, upon St. Stephen's 
night at Chriſtmas laſt, by his Majeſties 
ſervants playing uſually at the Globe on 
the Bank- ſide. : 


April 5, 1608. 


161 b. 


Life, and Death of the Merry Devil of 
Edmonton, with the pleaſant Pranks of 
Smugg the Smith, Sir John, and mine 
Hoſte of the George, about their ſteal- 
ing of Veniſon. By T. B=. 165 b. 


9 Perhaps this is Marſton's comedy of Mbat you Vill. I have a 
copy of it dated 1607. What you Will, however, is the ſecond title 
to Shakſpeare's Twelfth Nights STEEVENS. 

This was certainly Mariton's play, for it was printed in 1607, by 


G. Eld, for T. Thorpe. MALoNE. 

1 The Merry Devil of Edmonton 1s mentioned in the Blacke Booke 
byT. M. 1604. *« Give him leave to ſee the Merry Divel of Edmunton, 
or A Woman kill'd with Kindneſſe.” STEEVENS. „ 

2 Bound up in a volume of plays attributed to Shakſpeare, and once 
belonging to King Charles I. but now in Mr. Garrick's collection. 
The initial letters at the end of this entry, ſufficiently free Shakſpearg 
from the charge of having been its author. STEEVENS, 


Vou, 1; 1 May 


| bh - — 8 «a _ - 
—— — — — - 5 
. 1 — — — b = 
. — 4a F*- *. = ba: I O22 - — 
* E . ; - : q 
44. L . N 


— » _ =_ = 
L 
* F — 3 — aq — 


— — — 
5 — 2 — r PR ** * 3 . 
2 * 92 * 4 <0 N —— 
LY 0 


4 — 
- * * 
. ew ns 


I. B. dated 1616. MALONE. 


258 ENTRIES ON THE 


x May 2, 1608, . 
Mr. Pavyer. ] A booke called a Yorkſhire Tra- 
gedy, written by Wylliam Shakeſpeare. 157 


May 2, 1608. 


| Edw. Blount.] The book of Pericles Prince of 


Tyre. 167 b. 
A bock called Anthony and Cleopatra. ibid. 
| Jan. 28, 1608. 
Rich. Bonian and Hen. Whalley.] A booke called 
the Hiſtory of Troylus and Creſſida. 178 b. 
| May 20, 160g. 
Tho. Thorpe.] A booke called 8 
Sonnets. | 183 b, 
Oct 16, 1609. | 
Mr. Welby.] Edward the Third. 189 
Dec. 16, 1611. 
John Browne. ] A booke called the Lyfe and 
Death of the Lo. Cromwell, by W. S. 214 b. 
Nov. 29, 1614. | 


721 Beale.] A booke called the Hyſtorie of Lord 
Faulconbridge, baſtard Son to Richard 


Cordelion ?, _ 256 b, 
| Feb. 16, as. 

Mr. Barrett.] Life and Death of Lord Cromwell. 279 
March 20, 1617. 

Mr. Snodham.! Edward the Third, the play. 288 


uery, if this was Shakſpeare's K. Jabn, or ſome old romance 


like that of Richard Coeur de Lion. STEEVENS. 
It was undoubtedly The famous Hiftorie of George Lord F auconbridge, 
a proſe romance. I have an edition of it now before me printed for 


Sept. 


STATIONERS' REGISTERS. 29% , 


Sept. 17, 1618. | 
John Wright ] The comedy called Mucedorus “. 293 b. 


July 8, 1619. 
Nich. Okes.] A play called the . of 
Venice. 303 
| Vol. D, 
| OR. 6, 1621. 
Tho. Walkely.] The tragedie of Othello the 
Moore of Venice, 21 


Nov. 8, 1623. 

Mr. Blount and Iſaak Jaggard.] Mr. William 
Shakeſpeare's Comedyes and Trage- 
dyes, ſoe many of the ſaid Copies as are 
not formerly entered to other men. 

Viz. 
a The Tempeſt. 
Two Gentlemen of Verona. 
Meaſure 8 7 
| The Comedy of Errors. 

Comedyes. J A, you Like it. 

Alls Well that Ends Well, 
Twelfe Night. 
LThe Winter's Tale. 


The Third Part of Henry the Lixt. 


Uiſtories, Henry the Eight, 


Julius Cæſar. 
Macbeth. 
Anthonie and Cleopatra, 
Cymbeline, 69 
Dec. 14, 1624. 
Mr. Pavyer.] Titus Andronicus. 
Widow of Watling Street. 93 | 


Coriolanus. 
| Timon of Athens, 
Tragedies, 


4 Bound up in a volume of plays attributed to Shakſpeare, and once 
belonging to King Charles the Firſt, See Mr. Garrick's Collection. 
STEEVENS»s 


[R 2 | | Feb. 5 | | 


: 
' 
| 
: 


iin DRIEE © 


Feb. 23, 1625. 
Mr. Stanſby.] Edward the Third, the play. 


April 3, 1626. 
Mr. Parker.] Life and Death of Lord Cromwell. 


8 Aug. 4, 1626. 
Edw. Brewſter.) Mr. Pavyer's right in Shake- 
Rob. Birde. ſpeare's plays, or any of them. 
= Sir John Oldcaſtle, a play. 
Titus Andtonicus. 
Hyſtorie of Hamblett. 


Jan. 29, 1629. 
Mr. Meighen. Merry Wives of Windſor. 


x Nov. 8, 1630. 
Ric, Cotes, Henrye the Fift. 
Sir John Oldcaſtle. 
Tytus Andronicus. 
Vorke and Lancaſter. 
Agincourt. 
Pericles. 
Hamblett. 
Yorkſhire Tragedy. 


The ſixteen plays in p. 69, were aſſigned by Tho. 
Blount to Edward Allot, June 26, 1632. 


Edward Allott was one of the publiſhers of the | 


ſecond Folio, 1632 STEEVENs. 


115 


120 


127 


nemme 


| 122 
aA 1 r E WM 
| TO ASCERTAIN THE 
S r 6 Eo 
1 N unten 


THE PLAYS OF SHAKSPEARE 
WERE WRITTEN", 


Primuſque per avia campi 

Uſque procul, ( necdum totas lux moverat umbras, ) 

Neſcio quid viſu dubium, incertumgue moveri, 

Cor poraque ire videt. 7 STATIUS« 


; T rattando Feambre come coſa ſalda. | DAN TE. 


VERY circumſtance that relates to thoſe perſons 
whoſe writings we admire, awakens and intereſts 

our curioſity. ' The time and place of their birth, their 
education and gradual attainments, the dares of their 
productions and the reception they ſeverally met with, 
their habits of life, their private friendſhips, and even 
their external form, are all points, which, how little 
ſoever they may have been adverted to by their con- 
temporaries, ſtrongly engage the attention of poſterity. 


Not ſatisfied with receiving the aggregated wiſdom of 


ages as a free gift, we viſit the manſions where our in- 
ſtructors are ſaid to have reſided, we contemplate with 
pleaſure the trees under whoſe ſhade they once repoſed, 
and wiſh to ſee and to converſe with thoſe ſages, whoſe 
labours have added ſtrength to virtue, and efficacy to 
truth. 2 


1 The firſt edition of this Eſſay was publiſhed in January 1778. 


r 


— 
boy 


_ = _y _ 7 *, ” 
1 »* gt 
— — a... 2 EIN 
P 
„ 


— 


* 
— 2 — 
1 min. 


2 — — — DF 


=" 8 —_— 


. 1 

— dc. l — 
23 — 25 % 
. * = ©: —<—_ a 


= ic * s = 
2 — — —ͤͤ„ 
od 2 7 
— A; g 


— 


— 
— 


- 
| \#.4 = 4 | 
_—— "2 , "4 * 


5 
2 - "= 


> n *r — = * 
- > FT Bn om 


i 
[ 
+ 
| 
4 
„ 
1 
_ 
1 4 
4 3 
= 
4. xp 
”7 iz 
| 
FN 
4 | 
+ 
_— 7 


_ _ 

- 

— — 
— 


x 


262 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


Shakſpeare above all writers, fince the days of Homer, 
has excited this curioſity in the higheſt degree; as per- 
haps no poet of any nation was ever more idolized by 
his countrymen. An ardent deſire to underſtand and 
explain his works, is, to the honour of the preſent age, 


ſo much increaſed within the laſt forty years, that more 


has been. done towards their elucidation, during that 
period“, than in a century before. All the ancient co- 
Pies of his plays, hitherto diſcovered, have been collated 
with the moſt ſcrupulous accuracy. The meaneſt books 
have been carefully examined, only becauſe, they were 
of the age in which he lived, and might happily throw a 
light on ſome forgotten cuftom, or obſolete phraſeology: 
and, this object being ſtill kept in view, the toil of 
wading through all ſuch reading as was never read has 
been cheerfully endured, becauſe no labour was thought 
too great, that might enable us to add one new laurel 
to the father of our drama. Almoſt every circumſtance 
that tradition or hiſtory has preſerved relative to him or 
his works, has been inveſtigated, and laid before the 
publick ; and the avidity with which all communications 
of this kind have been received, ſufficiently proves that 
the time expended in the purſuit has not been wholly 
miſemployed. | | 
However, after the moſt diligent 5 very few 
particulars have been recovered, reſpecting his private 
life or literary hiſtory: and while it has been the en- 
deavour of all his editors and commentators to illuſtrate 
his obſcurities, and to regulate and correct his text, no 
attempt has been made to trace the progreſs and order 
of his plays. Yet ſurely it is no incurious ſpeculation, 
to mark the gradations 3 by which he roſe from medioc- 
; 1 | rity 
2 Within the period here mentioned, the commentaries of War. 
burton, Edwards, Heath, Johnſon, Tyrwhitt, Farmer, and Steevens, 
have been publiſhed. | 85 
3 It is not pretended that a regular ſcale of gradual improvement is 
here preſented to the publick ; or that, if even Shakſpeare himſelf had 
left us a chronological liſt of his.dramas, it would exhibit fuch a ſcale. 
All that is meant, is, that, as his knowledge increaſed, and as he 
became 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 263 


rity to the ſummit of excellence; from artleſs and ſome- 
times. unintereſting dialogues, to thoſe unparalleled 
: compoſitions, 


became more converſant with the ſtage and with life, his performances 
in general were written more happily and with greater art; or (to uſe 
the words of Dr. Johnſon) «© that however favoured by nature, he 
could only impart what he had learned, and as he muſt increaſe his 
ideas, like other mortals, by gradual acquiſition, he, like them, grew 
wiſer as he grew older, could diſplay life better as he knew it more, 
and inſtru with more efficacy, as he was himſelf more amply in- 
ſtructed.“ Of this opinion alſo was Mr. Pope. It muſt be obſerved, 
(ſays he) that when his performances had merited the protection of his 
prince, and when the encouragement of the court had ſucceeded to 
that of the town, the works of his riper years are manifeſtly raiſed 
above thoſe of his former.- And I make no doubt that this obſerva- 
tion would be found true in every inflance, were but editions extant 
from which we might learn the exact time when every piece was com- 
poſed, and whether writ for the town or the court.” From the fol- 
lowing lines it appears, that Dryden alſo thought that our authour's - 
moſt imperfe& plays were his earlieſt dramatick compoſitions ; 


&« Your Ben and Fletcher in their firſt young flight, 

« Did no Volpone, no Arbaces write; 

c But hopp'd about, and ſhort excurſions made 

« From bough to bough, as if they were afraid ; 

cc And each were guilty of ſome Sl/ighted Maid. 

« Shakſpeare's own muſe his Pericles firſt bore ; 

ce The Prince of Tyre was elder than the Moor: 

« *Tis miracle to ſee a firſt good play; | 

« All hawthorns do not bloom on Chriſtmas- day. 

« A ſlender poet muſt have time to grow, 

& And ſpread and burniſh, as his brothers do: 

c Who ſtill looks lean, ſure with ſome p is curſt, 

© But no man can be Falftaff fat at firſt.” 
Prologue to the tragedy of Circe. 


The plays which Shakſpeare produced before the year 1600, are 
known, and are ſeventeen or eighteen in number. The reſt of his 
dramas, we may conclude, were compoſed between that year and the 
time of his retiring to the country. It is incumbent on thoſe, who 
differ in opinion from the great authorities abovementioned, - who 
think with Rowe, that © eve are not to look for. his beginnings in bis 
leaſt perfect works,” it is incumbent, I ſay, on thoſe perſons, to 
enumerate in the former claſs, that is, among the plays produced be- 
fore 1600, compoſitions of equal merit with Orbello, King Lear, Mac- 
beth, the Tempeſt, and Twelfth Night, which we have reaſon to believe 


were all written in the latter period ; and among his late performances, 
IR 4] | that 


4 


- "= — 7 0 3 hay - 
. Act 


e 
r 3 


oY 


— 
Ker 


1 3 
= =y = * 
— 
* dias 


* 
.» "IF 
, 4 


# 
I * 
— — 
þ n 


” — —- — 
7 — 
3 
* * wy "x 
* y 4 


_— —— — 
_ 5 8 jou! 
— « " 23 2 * 28 
— — nm Ao — — — — 
= WM RR; nr Ir" A; 


our authour's life-time “, the majority were, I believe, 


264 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


compoſitions, which have rendered him the delight and 
wonder of ſucceſſive ages. | 
The materials for aſcertaining the order in which his 
lays were written, are indeed ſo few, that, it is to be 
eared, nothing very decifive can be produced on this 
ſubject. In the following attempt to trace the progreſs 
of his dramatick art, probability alone is pretended to, 
The filence and inaccuracy of thoſe perſons, who, after 
his death, had the reviſal of his papers, will perhaps 
for ever prevent our attaining to any thing like proof on 
this head. Little then remains, but to colle into one 
view, from his ſeveral dramas, and from the ancient 
tracts in which they are mentioned, or alluded to, all 
the circumſtances that can throw any light on this new 
and curious inquiry. Fro thoſe circumſtances, and 
from the entries in the books of the Stationers' company, 
extracted and publiſhed by Mr. Steevens, (to whom every 


_ admirer of Shakſpeare has the higheſt obligations,) it 


is probable that our authour's plays were written nearly 
in the following ſucceſſion; which, though it cannot at 
this day be aſcertained to be their true order, may yet 
be conſidered as approaching nearer to it, than any 
which has been obſerved in the various editions of his 


works. 
Of the twenty-one plays which were not printed in 


late 


that is, among the plays which are ſuppoſed to have appeared after the 
year Tboo, to point out pieces, as haſty and indigeſted, as Lewe's 
Labour's Loft, the Comedy of Errors, and the Two Gentlemen of Verona, 
which, we know, were among his earlier works, | Pn, 

4 They are, King Henry VI. P. I. The Second and Third Parts of 
X. Henry VI. (as he wrote them) The Comedy of Errors, The Taming 
of the Shrew, The Two Gentlemen of Verona, King Fohn, Ails Well 
that Ends Well, As you like it, King Henry VIII. Meaſure for Mea- 
ſure, The Winter's Tale, Cymbeline, Macbeth, Fulius Ceſar, Antony 
and Cleopatra, Timon of Athens, Coriolanus, Othello, The Tempeſt, and 
Twelfth Night. Theſe were not printed in quarto, but appeared firſt 
in the folio edition publiſhed by Heminge and Condell, in 1623. Of 
theſe plays, ſeven, viz. The firſt part of K. Henry VT. (allowing that 
play to be Shakſpeare's,) The Second and Third Parts of X. oy VI, 
22 | King 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 265 


late compoſitionss. The following arrangement is in 
ſome meaſure formed on this notion. Two reaſons may 
be aſſigned, why Shakſpeare's late performances were 
not publiſhed till after his death. 1. If we ſuppoſe him 
to have written for the ſtage during a period of twenty 
years, thoſe pieces which were produced in the latter 
part of that period, were leſs likely to paſs through the 
preſs in his life-time, as the curioſity of the publick had 
not been ſo long engaged by them, as by his early com- 
poſitions. 2. From the time that Shakſpeare had the 
ſuperintendance of a playhouſe, that is, from the year 
106035, when he and ſeveral others obtained a licence 
from King James to exhibit comedies, tragedies, hiſto- 


King Johr, The Comedy of Errors, The Taming of the Shrew, and 
The ſaws Gentlemen of Verona, were certainly early compoſitions, 
and are an exception to the general truth of this obſervation. One 
other, viz. Alls well that ends well, though ſuppoſed to have been 
an early production, was, it muſt be acknowledged, not publiſhed in 
Shakſpeare's life-time; but for the date of this play we rely only on 
conjecture. | | 
5 This ſuppoſition is ſtrongly confirmed by Meres's liſt of our 
authour's plays, in 1598. From that liſt, and from other circum- 
ſtances, we learn, that of the fourteen plays which were printed in 
Shakſpeare's life-time, thirteen were written before the end of the 
year 1600. — The fourteen plays publiſhed in our authout's life-time, 
are Midſummer Night's Dream, Love's Lobour's Li, Romeo and 
Juliet, Hamlet, X. Richard II. X. Richard III. The Firſt Part of 
K. Henry IV. The Second Part of X. Henry I”, The Merchant of Ve- 
nice, X. Henry V. Mich Ado about Nothing, The Merry Wives of 
Windſor, Troilus and Creſſida, and K. Lear. | 
o None of the plays which in the enſuing liſt are ſuppoſed to have 
been written ſubiequently to this year, were printed till after the au- 
thour's death, except K. Lear, the publication of which was probably 
haſtered by that of the old play with the ſame title, in 1605. — The 
copy of Troilus and Cr:ſji/a, which ſeems to have been compoſed the 
year before K. James granted a licence to the company at the Globe 
| Theatre, appears to have been obtained by ſome uncommon artifice. 
« Thank fortune (ſays the editor) for the ſcape it hath made amongſt 
you; ſince, by the grand pofleſtors' wills, I believe, you ſhould have 
pray'd for them [r. it] rather than been pray'd.”—By the grand poſe 
ſellors, Shakſpeare and the other managers of the Globe Theatre, 
were certainly intended, WE 3 
Ha ries, 


_ 
— 


* = 


TK 
— — 3 


"4 
* 
# 
„ 
0 


E %.<v- 


dah N 
15 {4 
uh 

70 
th. 
t 
* 


— — 
D 
. 
rm — Yu, 


«- 
« 


4 


266 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 
Ties, &c. at the Globe Theatre, and elſewhere, it be- 


came ſtrongly his intereſt to preſerve thoſe pieces un- 


publiſhed, which were compoſed between that year and 
the time of his retiring to the country; manuſcript plays 
being then the great ſupport of every theatre. Nor were 
the plays which he wrote after he became a manager, 
ſo likely to get abroad, being confined to his own thea- 
tre, as his former productions, which perhaps had been 
acted on different ſtages, and of conſequence afforded the 
players at the ſeveral houſes where they were exhibited, 
an eaſy opportunity of making out copies from the ſepa- 


rate parts tranſcribed for their uſe, and of ſelling ſuch 


copies to printers; by which means there is reaſon to 
believe that ſome of them were ſubmitted to the preſs, 
without the conſent of the authour. | 

The following is the order in which I ſuppoſe the 


plays of Shakſpeare to have been written : 


1. FIRST PART or KING Henxy VI. 1589. 
z. S:conD PART Or KING Henry VI. IFor. 
3, TRHIRD PART or KING HENRY VI. 1591. 
„4. A MI pSsUUMER-NIcH T's Dream, 1592. 

5. CouEDY oF ERRoRs, — — 1593. 
6. TAMING OF THE SHREW, =_ 1594. 
7. Love's LABOUR's Losr, — — 1594. 

8. Two GENTLEMEN OF VERON a, — 1595. 
g. Romeo AND JULIET, — — 1595. 
No. HAMLE T, — — — 1596. 
II. KINO JohN, — — — 1596. 
12. KING RICHARD II. — — 1597. 
13. King RICHARD III. — — 1597. 

44. FIRST PART or KING HENRY IV. 1597. 
15. SEconD PART OT KING HENRY IV. 1598. 
16. The MENCHANT or VENICE, — 1598. 
17. ALL's WELL THAT EN DS WELL, 1598. 
„18. Kine HEXRT V. — — 1599. 
19. Mück Apo ABOUT NOr HIN, — 1600, 
20. As You LIEE Ir, — — 1600. 
21. Merry Wives of WIN DSoR, — 1601. 

22. KING 


4 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 267 


22. KING Henry VIII. — — 1601. 
23. TROILUS AND CRESsID a, — — 1602, 
24. ME ASURE TOR MEaSURE, — 15603. 
25. Tus WIN T ERS Tale, , — — 1604. 
26. KING Lear, — — — 1605 
27. CYMBELINE, — — — 16059. 
28. MacBETH, — — — 1606. 
29. Julius CSA R, — — — 1607. 
30. ANTONY AND CLEOPATRA, — 1608. 
31, Timon or Ar RENs, — — 1609. 
32. CorioLanus, — — — 1610. 
33. OTHELLoO, — — — 1611. 
34. The TemPEsT, — — — 1612. 
35. TwELFTH NIGHT, — — 1614. 
— — — 


1. Taz FIRE ST PaRT or KINO HaxRT VI. 1589. 


In what year our authour began to write for the ſtage, 
or which was his firſt performance, has not been hitherto 
aſcertained, And indeed we have ſo few lights to direct 
our inquiries, that any ſpeculation on this ſubject may 
appear an idle expence of time. But the method which 
has been already marked out, requires that- ſuch facts 
ſhould be mentioned, as may ſerve in any manner to 
elucidate theſe points. 

Shakſpeare was born on the 23d of April, 1564, and 
was probably married in, or before, September 1582, 
his eldeſt daughter, Suſanna, having been baptized on 
the 26th of May, 1583. At what time he left War- 
wickſhire, or was firſt employed in the playhouſe, tra- 
dition does not inform us. However, as his ſon Hamnet 
and his daughter Judith were baptized at Stratford, Feb. 


2, 1584-5, we may preſume that he had not left the 


country at that time. | 
He could not have wanted an eaſy introduction to the 
theatre; for Thomas Green 7, a celebrated comedian, 


was 


7 4 There was not (ſays Heywood in his preface to Greene's Tu 
guogue, a comedy,) an actor of his nature in his time, of better ability 
in 


. 
| 
. 
* — + 
4 
28 
þ F 
__ 
-L 
_ 


« 


1 1 = = 
* „ A 
— <> 


* 
A — WS — 
OI OR I 


268 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER - 


was his townſman, perhaps his relation, and Michael 
Drayton was likewiſe born in Warwickſhire ; the latter 
was nearly of his own age, and both were in ſome de- 
gree of reputation ſoon after the year 1590. If I were 
to indulge a conjecture, I ſhould name the year 1591, as 
the era when our authour commenced a writer for the 
ſtage ; at which time he was ſomewhat more than twen- 
ty-ſeven years old. The reaſons that induce me to fix 
on that period are theſe, In Webbe's Di/cour/e of Eng- 
lihh Poetry, publiſhed in 1586, we meet with the names 
of moſt of the celebrated poets of that time ; particularly 
thoſe of George Whetſtoneꝰ and Anthony Munday 9, who 

| — were 


in the performance of what he undertook, more applauded by the au- 
dience, of greater grace at the court, or of more general love in the 
city.” The birth- place of Thomas Greene is aſcertained by the fol- 
lowing lines, which he ſpeaks in one of the old comedies, ia the 
character of a clown : 

cc I pratled poeſie in my nurſe's arms, 

«© And, born where late our ſwan of Avon ſung, 

& In Avon's ſtreams we both of us have lav'd, 

& And both came out together.“ | 

Chetwaod, in his Britiſh Theatre, quotes this paſſage from the 

comedy of the Two Maids of Moreclack; but no ſuch paſſage is there 
to be found. He deſerves but little credit; having certainly forged 
many of his dates; however, he probably met with theſe lines in ſome 
ancient play, though he forgot the name of the piece from which he 
tranſcribed them. Greene was a writer as well as an actor. There 
are ſome verſes of his prefixed to a collection of Drayton's poems, pub- 


liched in the year 1613. He was perhaps a kinſman of Shakſpeare's. 


In the regiſter of the pariſh of Stratford, Thomas Greene, alias Shak- 
ſpere, is ſaid to have been buried there, March 6, 1589. He might 
have been the actor's father. | 

s The authour of Promos and Caſſandra, a play which furniſhed 
Shakſpeare with the fable of Meaſure for Meaſure. | | 

2 This poet is mentioned by Meres, in his Wit's Treaſury, 1593, 
as an eminent comick writer, and the 5% plotter of his time. He 
ſeems to have been introduced under the name of Don Antonio Bal- 
Jadino, in a comedy that has been attributed. to Ben Jonſon, called 
The Caſe is Altered, and from the following paſſages in that piece ap- 
pears to have been city-poet; whoſe buſineſs it was to compoſe an 
annual panegyrick on the Lord Mayor, and to write verſes for the 
pageants: an office which has been diſcontinued ſince the death of 


Elkanah Settle in 1722: | | 8 
| Onion. 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 269 


were dramatick writers; but we ſind no trace of our au- 
thour, or of any of his works. Three years afterwards, 
Puttenham printed his Art of Engliſh Poeſy ; and in that 
work alſo we look in vain for the name of Shakſpeare *. 
Sir John Harrington in his Apologie for Poetry, prefixed 
to the Tranſlation of Arioſto, (which was entered in the 
Stationers' books Feb. 26, 1590-1, in which year, it 
was publiſhed,) takes occaſion to ſpeak of thetheatre, and 
mentions ſome of the celebrated dramas of that time; 
but ſays not a word of Shakſpeare, or of his plays. If 
any of his dramatick compoſitions had then appeared, 
is it imaginable, that Harrington ſhould have mentioned 
the Cambridge Pedaniius, and The Play of the Cards, 
which laſt, he tells us was a London [i. e. an Engliſh] 
comedy, and have paſſed by, unnoticed, the new prodigy 
of the dramatick world ? 


( Onion. Shall I requeſt your name? 
«& Ant. My name is Antonio Balladino. 
46 Oni. Balladino! You are not pageant- poet to the city of Milan, 
&« fir, are you? | | 
«& Ant. J ſupply the place, fir, when a worſe cannot be had, fir. 
Did you ſee the laſt pageant I ſet forth?“ 
Afterwards Antonio, ſpeaking of the plays he had written, ſays, 
Let me have good ground, — no matter for the pen; the plot ſhall 
c carry its 
& Oni. Indeed that's right; you are in print, already, for THE BEST 
60. PLOFTTER. 

&« Ant. Ay; I might as well have been put in for a dumb-ſhew too. 
It is evident, that this poet is here intended to be ridiculed by Ben 
Jonſon: but he might, notwithſtanding, have been deſervedly emi- 
nent. That malignity which endeavoured to tear a wreath from the 
brow of Shakſpeare, would certainly not ſpare inferior writers, 

1 The thirty-firſt chapter of the firſt book of Puttenham's Art of 
Engliſh Poeſy is thus entitled: “ Who in any age have bene the moſt 
commended writers in our Engliſh Poeſie, and the author's cenſure 
given upon them.” 

After having enumerated ſeveral authours who were then celebrated 
for various kinds of compoſition, he gives this ſuccin& account of thoſe 
who had written for the ſtage: © Of tbe latter ſort I thinke thus 5— 
that for tragedie, the Lord Buckhburſt and Maifter Edward Ferrys, for 
ſuch doings as I bave ſene of theirs, do deſerve the byeſt price; the 
Earl of Oxford and Maifter Edwardes of ber Majeſtie s Chappell, for 
e:medie ard enterlude. h | 

In 


6 i 
| 

1 
| 

* 

| 


| 
| 
' 
| 
| 
| 
| 
| 
| 
| 
1 
| 
| 
i 
| 


270 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


In Spenſer's Tears of the Muſes, firſt printed in 1591, 
the following lines are found in Thalia's complaint on 
account of the decay of dramatick poetry : | 


4 And he the man, whom nature's ſelf had made 
£© To mock her ſelfe, and truth to imitate, - 
«© With kindly counter under mimick ſhade, 
„Our pleaſant Wilih, ah, is dead of late; 
«© With whom all joy and jolly merriment 
« Ts alſo deaded, and in dolour drent. 


<c Inſtead thereof ſcoffing ſcurrilitie 

7 And ſcornful follie with contempt is crept, 

Rolling in rymes of ſhameleſs ribaudrie, 
„Without regard or due decorum kept: 

«© Each idle wit at will preſumes to make, 

«© And doth the learneds taſk upon him take. 


«« But that ſame gentle ſpirit, from whoſe pen 
Large ftreames of honnie and ſweet nectar flow, 
“ Scorning the boldneſs of ſuch baſe-born men, 
4 Which dare their follies forth ſo raſhlie throwe, 
«© Doth rather chooſe to fit in idle cell, 

«© Than ſo him ſelfe to mockerie to ſell.“ 


Theſe lines were inſerted by Mr. Rowe in his firſt edi- 
tion of The Life of Shakſpeare, and he then ſuppoſed that 
they related to our poet, and alluded to his having with- 
drawn himſelf for ſome time from the publick, and diſcon- 
tinued writing, from“ a diſguſt he had taken to the then 
ill taſte of the town and the mean condition of the ſtage.” 
But as Mr. Rowe ſuppreſſed this paſſage in his ſecond 
edition, it may be preſumed that he found reaſon to 
change his opinion. Dryden, however, he informs us, 
always thought that theſe verſes related to Shakſpeare : 
and indeed I do not recolle& any dramatick poet of that 
time, to whom the character which they delineate is ap- 
plicable, except our authour. It is remarkable that the 
very ſame epithet, which Spenſer has employed, But 
that ſame gentle ſpirit,” &c, is likewiſe uſed by the 

players 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 271 


players in their preface, where they ſpeak of Shak. 
ipeare ;—** who as he was a happie imitator of nature, 
was a molt gentle expreſſer of it.” On the other hand 
ſome little difficulty ariſes from the line“ And doth 
the /earneds taſk upon him take ;*? for our poet certainly 
had no title to that epithet. Spenſer, however, might 
have uſed it in an appropriated ſenſe, learned in all the 
buſineſs of the tage ; and in this ſenſe the epithet is more 
applicable to Shakſpeare than. to any poet that ever 
wrote. | 

It. ſhould, however, be remembered, that the name 
Willy, for ſome reaſon or other which it is now 1n vain to 
ſeek, appears to have been applied by the poets of Shak- 
ſpeare's age to perſons who were not chriſtened William. 
Thus, (as Dr. Farmer obſerves to me,) in“ An Eglogue 
made long ſince on the death of Sir Philip Sydney,“ 
which is preſerved in Daviſon's Poetical Rhapſady, 1602, 
we find that celebrated writer lamented in almoſt every 
ſtanza by, the name of Willy: N 


= Willy 1s dead, 
© That wont to lead 
e Our flocks and us, in mirth and ſhepheards' glee,” &c, 


«© Of none but Willies pipe they made account, &c. 


Spenſer's Willy, however, could not have been Sir 
Philip Sydney, for he was dead ſome years before The 
Tears of the Muſes was publiſhed. © | 

If theſe lines were intended to allude to our authour, 
then he muſt have written ſome comedies in or before 
the year 1591; and the date which I have aſſigned ro 
A Midjummer-Night's Dream is erroneous. I cannot 
expect to influence the deciſion of my reader on a ſub- 
ject on which I have not been able to form a decided 
opinion myſelf; and therefore ſhall content myſelf with 
merely ſtating the difficulties on each fide, Suppoſing 
Shakſpeare to have written any piece in the year 1590, 
Sir John Harrington's filence concerning him in the fol- 


lowing year appears inexplicable, | 
| But 


272 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


But whatever poet may have been in Spenſer's con- 
templation, it is certain that Shakſpeare had commenced 
a writer for the ſtage, and had even excited the jealouſy 
of his contemporaries, before September 1592. This is 
now deciſively proved by a paſſage extracted by Mr Tyr- 
whitt from Robert Greene's Groat/worth of Witte bought 
evith a Million of Repentance, in which there is an evi- 
dent allufion to our authour's name, as well as to a line 
in the Second Part of King Henry VI. 

This tract was publiſhed at the dying requeſt of Robert 
Greeae, a very voluminous writer of that time. The 
concluſion of it, as Mr. Tyrwhitt has obſerved, is * an 
addreſs to his brother poets to diſſuade them from writing 
for the ſtage, on account of the ill treatment which they 
were uſed to receive from the players.” It begins thus : 
To thoſe gentlemen his quondam acquaintance that ſpend 
their wits in making playes, R. G. wiſheth a better exer- 
ciſe, and wiſdome to prevent his extremities, His firſt 
addreſs is undoubtedly to Chriſtopher Marlowe, the moſt 
popular and admired dramatick poet of that age, previ- 
ous to the appearance of Shakſpeare. Wonder not,“ 
(ſays Greene) for with thee will I firſt begin, thou 
famous gracer of tragedians, that Greene, (who hath ſaid 
ewith thee, like the foole in his heart, there is no God,) 
ſhould now give glory unto his greatneſs ; for penetrat- 
ing is his power, his hand is heavy upon me; &c. Why 
ſnould thy excellent wit, his gift, be ſo blinded, that 
thou ſhould give no glory to the giver ? — The brother 
[f. breather] of this diabolical atheiſm 1s dead, and in 
his life had never the felicitie he aimed at: but as he 
beganne in craft, lived in feare, and ended in deſpair. 
And wilt thou, my friend, be his diſciple ?—Looke unto 
me, by him perſuaded to that libertie, and thou ſhalt 


find it an infernal bondage.“ | 
Greene's next addreſs appears to be made to Thomas 
Lodge. With thee I joyne young Juvenall, that 
byting ſatiriſt, that laſtly with mee together writ a come- 
die, Sweet boy, might I adviſe thee, be adviſed, and 
get not many enemies by bitter words: inveigh againſt 
| vaine 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS: 273 
vaine men, for thou canſt do it, no man better, no man 
Jo well: thou haſt libertie: to reprove all, and name 
none. — Stop ſhallow water ſtill running, it will rage; 
tread on a worme, and it will turn; then blame not 
ſchollers, who are vexed with ſharpe and bitter lines, if 
they reproove too much libertie of reproof. “ ? 

George Peele, as Mr. Tyrwhitt has remarked, is next 
addreſſed. And thou no leſſe deſerving than the other 
two, in ſome things rarer, in nothing inferiour, driven, 
as my ſelfe, to extreame ſhifts, a little have I to ſay to 
thee: and were it not an idolatrous oath; I would ſweare 

by ſweet S. George, thou art unworthy better hap, ſith 
thou dependeſt on ſo meane a ſtay. Baſe- minded men all 
three of you, if by my miſery you be not warned: for unto 
none of you, like me, ſought thoſe burs to cleave; thoſe 
puppets, I meane, that ſpeake from our mouths ; thoſe 
anticks garniſht in our colours. Is it not ſtrange that 1, 
to whom they all have bin beholding, is it not like that 
you, to whom they all have bin beholding, ſhall (were 
yee in that caſe that I am now) be both of them at once 
forſaken ? Yes, truſt them not, for there is an upſtart crow 


beautified with our feathers, that with his tygres heart 


wrapt in a players hide, /uppoſes bee is as wwell able to 
bombaſte out a blanke verſe as the beſt of you; and being 
an abſolute Johannes fac-totum, is in his own conceit the 
only Shake-ſcene in a countrey. O that I might intreat 
your rare wittes to be employed in more profitable 
_ courſes ; and let theſe apes imitate your paſt excellence, 

and never more acquaynte them with your admired in- 
ventions.?? HE re Wt LO Ton | 

This tract appears to have been written by Greene 
rot long before his death; for near the conclufion 
he ſays, „ Albeit weakneſs will ſcarce ſuffer me to 
write, yet to my fellow-ſcollers about this city will I 
direct theſe few inſuing lines.“ He died, according to 
Dr. Gabriel Harvey's account, on the third of Septem- 
ber, 1592 * | e 


* Additions by Oldys to Winſtanley's Lives of the Poets, ML. 
Vo. I. Fon i I have 


274 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


I I have lately met with a very ſcarce pamphlet entitled 
Kind Harts Dreame, written by Henry Chettle, from 
the preface to which it appears that he was the editor 
of Greene's Groat/worth of Wit, and that it was 
publiſhed between September and December 1592*. 
Our poet, we find, was not without reaſon diſpleaſed 
at the preceding alluſion to him. As what Chettle 
fays of him, correſponds with the character which all 
his contemporaries have given him, and the piece 
is extremely rare, I ſhall extract from the Addreſs 
#o the Gentlemen Readers, what relates to the ſubject 
before us: | "It | | 
* About three months fince died M. Robert Greene, 
leaving many papers in ſundry bookſellers? hands, among 
others his Groat/worth of Wit, in which a letter written 
to divers play-makers is offenſively by one or two of them 
taken ; and becauſe on the dead they cannot be reveng- 
ed, they wilfully forge in their conceites a living author: 
and after toſſing it to and fro, no remedy but it muſt 
light on me. How I have, all the time of my con- 
verſing in printing, hindered the bitter inveighing 
againſt ſchollers, it hath been very well known; and 
how in. that I dealt, I can ſufficiently prove. With ze:- 
ther of them that take offence was I acquainted, and 
with one of them [Marlowe] 1 care not if I never be. 
The other, [ Shakſpeare, ] whom at that time I did not fo 
much ſpare, as fince I with I had, for that as I have mo- 
derated the hate of living writers, and might have uſed 
my own diſcretion, (eſpecially in ſuch a caſe, the author 
being dead,) that I did not, I am as ſorry as if the 
original fault had been my fault; | becauſe my /elfe have 
ſeen his demeanour no leſs civil than he excallent in the qua- 
litie he profefes « Beſides, divers of worſhip have reported 
| his uprightneſ5 of dealing, which argues his honeſtie, and 
his facetious grace in writing, that approves his art. For 


3 Probably in October, for on the Stationers' books I find The 
Repentaunce of Robert Greene, Maſter of Arts, entered by John Danter, | 
Oct. 6, 1592. The full title of Greene's pamphlet is, „“ Grcene's 
Groatſworth of wit bought with a million of repentance.” 


the 


OF SHAKSPE 


ARE'S PLAYS. _ 255 


the firſt, whoſe learning I reverence, and at the peruſing 
of Greene's booke, ſtrooke out what then in conſcience 
I thought he in ſome diſpleaſure writ ; or had it been 


true, yet to publiſh it was intollerable ; him I would 


with to uſe me no worſe than I deſerve. I had onely in 
the copy this ſhare: it was il written, as. ſometime 
Greene's hand was none of the beſt ; licenſed it mult bee, 
ere it could be printed, which could never bee if it could 
not be read. 'To be brief, I writ it over, and as near 
as I could followed the copy; onely in that letter I put 


ſomething out, but in the whole book not a word in; 


for I proteſt it was all Greenes, not mine, nor Maſter 


| Naſhes, as ſome unjuſtly have affirmed. Neither was 


he the writer of an Epiſtle to The Second Part of 
Gerileon; though by the workman's error T. N. were 
ſet to the end: that I confeſs to be mine, and repent 


2t not. 


„Thus, Gentlemen, having noted the private cauſes 


that made me nominate myſelf in privt, being as well 
to purge Maſter Naſhe of what he di 


d not, as to juſtifie 


what I did, and withall to confirm what M. Greene did, 
I beſeech you to accept the publick cauſe, which is both 


the deſire of your delight and common benefit; for 
though the toye bee ſhadowed under the title of Kind 


Harts Dreame, it diſcovers the falſe hearts of divers that 


wake to commit miſchief,” 


That I am right in ſuppoſing the two who 
at Greene's pamphlet were Marlowe and Shakſpeare, 


&C. 


whoſe names I have inſerted in a preceding paragraph 


in crotchets, appears from 
quoted ; for there was nothi 


the paſſage itſelf already 


ng in Greene's exhortation 


to Lodge and Peele, the other two perſons addreſſed, by 


which either of them could poſſibly be offended. Dr. 
Farmer is of opinion that the ſecond perſon addreſſed by 


Greene is not Lodge, but 


Naſbe, who is often called 


Juvenal by the writers of that time; but that he was 
not meant, is deciſively proved by the extract from 


Chettle's pamphlet; for he 
to vindicate Naſhe from bei 


never would have laboured 
ng the writer of the Great 


1821 Worth 


took offence 


276 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


evorth of Wit, if any part of it had been profeſfedly 
addreſſed to him*. Beſides, Lodge had written a 
play in conjunction with Greene, called 4 Looking 
Glaſs for London and England, and was authour of ſome 
ſatirical pieces; but we do not know that Naſhe and 
Greene had ever written in conjunction. 

Henry Chettle was himſelf a. dramatick writer, and 
appears to have become acquainted with Shakſpeare, or 
at leaſt ſeen him, between Sept. 1592, and the following 
December. Shakſpeare was at this time twenty-eight 
years old ; and then we find from the teſtimony of this 
writer, his demeanour was no leſs civil than he excellent in 
the gualitie he profeſſed. From the ſubſequent paragraph 
«© Divers of worſhip have reported his uprightneſs of 
dealing, which argues his honeſtie, and his facetious 
grace in writing, that approves his art,—?? it may be 
reaſonably preſumed, that he had exhibited more than 
one comedy on the ſtage before the end of the year 
1592 ; perhaps Love's Labour's * in a leſs perfect 
ſtate than it now appears in, and 4 Mzid/ummer”s Niebr's 
Dream. | 2 

In what time ſoever he became acquainted with the 
theatre, we may preſume that he had not compoſed his 
firſt piece long before it was acted; for being early in- 
cumbered with a young family, and not in very affluent 
circumſtances, it is improbable that he -ſhould have 
ſuffered it to lie in his cloſet, without endeavour- 
ing to derive ſome profit from it; and in the miſer- 
able ſtate of the drama in thoſe days the meaneſt of his 
genuine play: muſt, have been a valuable acquiſition, 
and would hardly have been refuſed by any of our 
ancient theatres, - | 

In a Diſſertation on The Three Paris of King Henry VI. 
which I have ſubjoined to thoſe plays, I have mentioned 
that I do not believe zhe Firft Part of King Henry VI. 


4 Naſhe himſelf alſo takes ſome pains in an Epiſtle prefixed to 
Pierce Pennileſſe, &c. to vindicate himſelf from being the authour of 
Greene's Groatſworth of Wit. i 

| | to 


1 
} 
% 
1 
1 


% 
| 1 
* 
4 
'Þ , 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S. PLAYS. 257 


to have been the compoſition of Shakſpeare ; or that at 
moſt he wrote but one or two ſcenes in it. It is unneceſ- 
ſary here to repeat the circumitances on which that 


— . 


opinion is founded. Not being Shakſpeare's play, (as is 
J conceive,) at whatever time it might have been firſt i 
exhibited, it does not interfere with the ſuppoſition al- ; * 


ready ſtated, that he had not produced any dramatick þ 
Piece before 1590. OD: 1 
he Firſt Part of K. Henry VI. which, I imagine, was 1 
formerly known only by the name of The Hiſtorical play i 
of King Henry VT. had, I ſuſpect, been a very popular 1 
piece for ſome years before 1592, and perhaps was firſt 9 
exhibited in 1588 or in 1589. Naſhe in a Tract entitled | 1 
Pierce Pennileſſe his Supplication to the Devill, which was 
firſt publiſhed in 15925, expreſsly mentions one of the 
characters in it, John Talbot Earl of Shrewſbury, who | 
dies in the fourth a& of the piece, and who is not, I Wo 
believe, introduced in any other play of that time. = 
«© How”? (ſays he) “ would it have joyed brave Talbot, 
the terror of the French, to think that after he 
had lain two hundred years in his tomb, he ſhould 
triumph again on the ſtage, and have his bones new 
embalmed with the tears of ten thouſand ſpectators 
at leaſt, (at ſeveral times,) who, in the tragedian that 
repreſents his perſon, imagine they behold him freſh 
bleeding?“ 
In the Diſſertation above referred to, I have endea- 
voured to prove that this play was written neither byShak 
ſpeare, nor by the authour or authours of the two other 
plays formed on a ſubſequent period of the reign of Henry 


5 Pierce Pennileſſe bis Supplication, &c. was firſt publiſhed in that 
| year, being entered for the firſt time on the Stationers' Books by 
Richard Jones, Aug. 8, 1592. There was a ſecond edition in the 
ſame year, printed by Abell Jeffes for John Buſbie. 
- 6 Thus Talbot is deſcribed in The Fir Part of XK. Henry VI, Act I. 
Co iii. 
5 “ Here, ſaid they, is the terror of the French.“ 
Again, in Act V. ſc. i. 
« Is Talbot ſlain, the Frenchman's only ſcourge, 
„% Your kingdom's terror?“ | 


[S 3] To 


278 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER | 


the Sixth, By whom it <vas written, it is now, I fear, 
impoſſible to aſcertain, It was not entered on the 
Stationers* books nor printed till the year 1623, when it 
was regiſtered with Shakſpeare's undiſputed plays by the 
editors of the firſt folio, and improperly entitled The 
Third Part of King Henry VI. In one ſenſe it might be 
called ſo, for two plays on the ſubject of that reign had 
been printed before. Bur conſidering the hiſtory of that 
king, and the period of time which the piece compre- 
hends, it ought to have been called, what in fact it is, 
The Firſt Part of King Henry VI. 

At this diſtance of time it is impoſſible to aſcertain on 
what principle it was that our authour's friends, Heminge 
and Condell, admitted The Firſt Part of King Henry Vl. 
into their volume: but I ſuſpeC they gave it a place as a 
neceſſary introduction to the two other parts, and be- 
cauſe Shakſpeare had made ſome ſlight alterations, and 
written a few new lines in it. 

Titus Andronicus, as well as The Firſt Part of King 
Henry VI. may be referred to the year 1589, or to an 
, earlier period; but not being in the preſent edition ad- 
mitted into the regular ſeries of our authour's dramas, 
I have not given it a place in the preceding table of his 
plays. In a note prefixed to that play, which may be 
found in Vol. X. p. 375, I have declared my opinion 
that Anaronicus was not written by Shakſpeare, or that 
at moſt a very few lines 1n it were written by him; and 
have ſtated the reaſons on which that opinion is founded. 
From Ben Jonſon's Induction to Bartholomew Fair, 1614, 
we learn that this piece had been exhibited on the ſtage 
twenty-five or thirty years before, that 1s, at the loweſt 
computation, in 1589 or, taking a middle period, (which 
is perhaps more juſt,) in 1587. A booke entitled a 
Noble Roman Hiſtorie of Titus Andronicus, (without any 
authour's name,) was entered at Stationers? Hall by 
John Danter, Feb. 6, 1593-4. This was undoubtedly 
the play, as it was printed in that year, according to 
Langbaine, who alone appears to have ſeen the firſt edi- 
tion, and acted by the ſervants of the earls of * 

; | ER a ; cr Ys 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 279 


Derby, and Suſſex. Of this play there was a ſecond edi- 
tion in quarto in 1611, in the title-page of which neither 
the name of Shakſpeare, (though he was in the zenith of 
his reputation, ) nor of any authour, is found, and there- 
fore we may preſume that the title- page of the firſt edi- 
tion alſo (like the entry on the Stationers? books) was 
anonymous. Marlowe's King Edward II. and ſome 


* other old plays were performed by the ſervants of the earl 


of Pembroke, by whom not one of Shakſpeare's undiſ- 
puted dramas was exhibited, | 1 8 


2. T Second AND TrirD PARTS or K. Henxgy VI. 
3» 1591. | 


In a Diſſertation annexed to theſe plays, J have en- 
deavoured to prove that they were not written originally 
by Shakſpeare, but formed by him on two preceding 
dramas, one of which is entitled The fr/t part of the 
Contention of the two famous houſes of Yorke and Lan- 
cafter, &c. and the other The true tragedie of Richard 
duke of Yorke, &c, My principal object in that diſſer- 
tation was, to ſhew from various circumſtances that thoſe 
two old plays, which were printed in 1600, were written 
by ſome writer or writers who preceded Shakſpeare, and 
moulded by him, with many alterations and additions, 
into the ſhape in which they at preſent appear in his 
works under the titles of The Second and Third Part of 
K. Henry VI.; and if I have proved that point, I have 
obtained my end. I ventured, however, to go ſome- 
what further, and to hazard a conjecture concerning the 
perſons by whom they were compoſed : but this was not 
at all material to my principal argument, which, whether 
my conjectures on that head were well or ill founded, will 
remain the ſame. | 

The paſſage which has been already quoted from 
Greene's pamphlet, led me to ſuſpect that theſe old plays 
were the production of either him, or Peele, or both of 
them. I too haſtily ſuppoſed that the words which have 
been printed in a former page,—** Yes, truſt them not; 
N 8 4] | for 


280 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


for there is an upſtart crow beautified with our feathers,?? 
&c. as they immediately followed a paragraph addreſſed 
to, George Peele, were addreſſed to him particularly; and 
conſequently that the word aur meant Peele and Greene, 
the writer of the pamphlet: but theſe words manifeſtly 
relate equally to the 7hree perſons previouſly addreſſed, 
and allude to the theatrical compoſitions of Marlowe, 
Lodge, Peele, and Greene; whether we conſider the 
writer to lament in general that players avail themſelves 
of the labours of authours, and derive more profit from 
them than the authours themſelves, or ſuppoſe him to 
allude to ſome particular dramatick performances, 
which had been originally compoſed by himſelf or one 
of his friends, and thrown into a new form by ſome 
other dramatiſt, who was alſo a player. The two old 
plays therefore on which The Second and Third Parts of 
King Henry YT]. were formed, may have been written by 
any one or more of the authours above enumerated. 
Towards the end of the Eſſay I have produced a paſſage 
from the old King John, 1591, from which it appeared 
to me probable that the two elder dramas, which compre- 
hend the greater part of the reign of King Henry VI. 
were written by the authour of King John, who ever he 
was; and ſome circumſtances which have lately ftruck 
me, confirm an opinion which I formerly hazarded, that 
Chriſtopher Marlowe was the authour of that play. A 
| paſſage in his hiſtorical drama of King Edward II. 
which Dr. Farmer has pointed out to me ſince the Diſ- 
ſertation was printed, alſo inclines me to believe, with 
him, that Marlowe was the authour of one, 1f not both, 
of the old dramas on which Shakſpeare formed the two 
plays which in the firſt folio edition of his works are 
diſtinguiſhed by the titles of The Second and Third Parts 
of King Henry VI. 7 | 
Two lines in The Third Part of King Henry VI. have 
been produced as a deciſive and incontrovertible proof 
that theſe pieces were originally and entirely written by 
Shakſpeare. Who”? (ſays Mr. Capell,) „ ſees not the 
future monſter, and acknowledges ar the ſame time the = 
| : 1 Fat 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. + 281 
that drew it, in theſe two lines only, ſpoken over a king 
who hes ſtabb'd before him, [i. e. before Richard duke 
0 Gloſter, |— | ; 
„What, will the aſpiring blood of Lancaſter 
«« Sink in the ground? I thought it would have mounted.“ 


let him never pretend to diicernment hereafter, in any 
caſe of this nature.“ | | 
The two lines above quoted are found in The True 
Tragedie of Richard Duke of Yorke, &c. on which, ac- 
cording to my hypotheſis, Shakipeare's Third Part of K. 
Henry VI. was formed. If therefore theſe lines deciſive- 
ly mark the hand of Shakſpeare, the od as well as the 
new play muſt have been written by him, and the fabrick 
which I have built with ſome labour, falls at once to the 
ground. But let not the reader be alarmed; for if it 
{uffers from no other battery but this, it may laſt till 
te the crack of doom.“ Marlowe, as Dr. Farmer ob- 
ſerves to me, has the very ſame phraſeology in King 
Edward 1T. 


cc 


«© — ſcorning that the lowly earth - 
* Should drink his blood, mounts up to the air.“ 


and in the ſame play I have lately noticed another line 
in which we find the very epithet here applied to the 
pious Lancaitrian king: 


Frown'ſt thou thereat, aſþiring Lancaſter 2” 


So much for Mr, Capell's irrefragable proof. It is 
not the proper buſineſs of the preſent eſſay to enter fur- 
ther into this ſubject. I merely ſeize this opportunity 
of ſaying, that the preceding paſſages now incline me to 
think Marlowe the authour of The True Tragedie of 

Richard Duke of Yorke, &c. and perhaps of the other 
old drama alſo, entitled 7 he fir ft part of the Contention of 
the two famous houſes of Yorke and Lancaſter, 

The latter drama was entered on the Stationers? books 
by T. Millington, March 12, 1593-4. This play, 
however, (on which The Second Part of King Henry VI. 

5 ä | is 


282 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


is formed) was not then printed ; nor was The True Tra. 
gedie of Richard Duke of Yorke, &c. on which Shakſpeare's 
Third Part of K. Henry VI. is founded, entered at Sta- 
tioners' Hall at the ſame time: but they were both 
printed anorymorfly by Thomas Millington, in quarto, 
in the year 1600. 
A very ingenious friend has ſuggeſted to me, that it is 
not probable that Shakſpeare would have ventured to 
uſe the ground-work of another dramatiſt, and form a 
new play upon it, in the life-time of the authour or 
authours. 1 know not how much weight this argument 
is entitled to. We are certain that Shakſpeare 4 
tranſcribe a whole ſcene almoſt verbatim from The old 
Taming of a Shrew, and incorporate it into his own play 
on the ſame ſubjet; and we do not know that the au- 
thour of the original play was then dead. Suppoſing 
however this argument to have ſome weight, it does not 
tend in the ſlighteſt degree to overturn my hypotheſis 
that he Second and Third Parts of King Henry VI. were 
formed on the two preceding dramas, of which I have 
already given the titles; but merely to ſhew, that I am 
either miſtaken in ſuppoſing that they were new-modell- 
ed and re-written in 1591, or in my conjecture con- 
cerning the authours of the elder pieces on which thoſe 
of Shakſpeare were formed. Greene died in September 
1592, and Marlowe about May 1593. By afligning our 
poet's part in theſe performances to the end ot the year 
1593 or the beginning of 1594, this objection is done 
away, whether we ſuppoſe Greene to have been the 
authour of one of the elder plays, and Marlowe of the 
other, or that celebrated writer the authour of them both. 
Dr. Farmer is of opinion, that Ben Jonſon particu- 
larly alludes in the following verſes to our poet's having 
followed the ſteps of Marlowe in the plays now under our 
conſideration, and greatly /urpaſſed his original: 
For, if I thought my judgment were of years, 
4 I ſhould commit thee ſurely with thy peers ; 
And tell how much thou did*ſt our Lily out- pine, 
* Or ſporting Kyd, or Marlowe's mighty _ 
| | rom 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 283 


From the epithet /porting, which is applied to Kyd, 
and which 1s certainly in ſome meaſure a quibble on his 
name, it is manifeſt that he muſt have produced ſome 
comick piece upon the ſcene, as well as the two tragedies 
of his compoſition, which are now extant, Cornelia, and 
The Spaniſh Tragedy. This latter is printed, like many 
plays of that time, anonymouſly. Dr. Farmer with great 
probability ſuggeſts to me, that Kyd might have been 
the authour of The old Taming of a Shrew printed in 
1594, on which Shakſpeare formed a play with nearly 
the iame title *, The praiſe which Ben Jonſon gives to 
Shakſpeare, that he oulſbines Marlowe and Kyd,“ on 
this hypotheſis, will appear to ſtand on one and the ſame 
foundation; namely on his eclipſing thoſe ancient dra- 
matiſts by new-modeling their plays, and producing 
pieces,much ſuperior to theirs, on ſtories which they had 
already formed into dramas, that, till Shakſpeare ap- 
peared, ſatisfied the publick, and were claſſed among 
the happieſt efforts of dramatick art, | 


4. A MipsUMMER-NicnT's Dream, 1592. 


The poetry of this piece, glowing with all the warmth 
of a youthful and lively imagination, the many ſcenes 
which it contains of almoſt continual rhyme , the poverty 
of the fable, and want of diſcrimination among the 
higher perſonages, diſpoſe me to believe that it was one 
of our authour's earlieſt attempts in comedy 7. | 

It 


* Kyd was alſo, I ſuſpect, the authour of the old plays of Hamlet, 
and of King Leir. See p. 305» | 
© See p. 294, n. 5. 
7 Dryden was of opinion that Pericles, Prince of Tyre, was our au- 
thour's firſt dramatick compoſition : | 
6 Shakſpeare's own mule his Pericles firſt bore, 
« The Prince of Tyre was elder than the Moor.“ 
Prologue to the tragedy of Circe by Charles D' Avenant, 1677. 
Mr. Rowe in his Life of Shakſpeare (firſt edition) ſays, “ There is 
good reaſon to believe that the greateſt part of Pericles was not written 
by him, though it is owned ſome part of it certainly was, particularly 
tbe laſl aft. I have not been able to learn on what authority the 
latter aſſertion was grounded, Rowe in his ſecond edition omitted 
the paſlage, | 


Perichs 


284 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 
It ſeems to have been written, while the ridiculous 
competitions, prevalent among the hiſtrionick tribe, 
were ſtrongly impreſſed by novelty on his mind. He 
would naturally copy thoſe manners firſt, with which he 
was firſt acquainted. The ambition of a theatrical candi- 
date for applauſe he has happily ridiculed in Bottom the 
weaver. But among the more dignihed perſons of the 
drama we look in vain for any traits of character The 
manners of Hippolita, zhe Amazon, are undiſtinguiſhed 
from thoſe of other females. Theſeus, the aſſociate of 
Hercules, 1s not engaged in any adventure worthy of 
his rank or reputation, nor 1s he in reality an agent 
throughout the play. Like K. Henry VIII. he goes out 
a Maying. He meets the lovers in perplexity, and 


Pericles was not entered in the Stationers? books till May 2, 1608, 
nor printed till 1609; but the following lines in a metrical pamphlet, 
entitled Pimlyco, or Runne Red-cap, 1596, aſcertain it to have been 
written and exhibited on the ſtage, prior to that year; 

„ Amade I ſtood to ſee a crowd 

« Of civil throats ſtretch'd out ſo lowd : 

«& (As at a new play,) all the roomes 

& Did ſwarme with gentiles mix'd with groomes ; 
« So that { truly thought all theſe 

cc Came to ſee Shore or Pericles.” g 

The play of Fane Shore is mentioned (together with another very 
ancient piece not now extant) in The Xnigbt of the Burning Peſile, 
3613: I was ne er at one of theſe plays before; but I ſhould have 
ſeen Fane Shore, and my huſband hath promiſed me any time this 
twelvemonth to carry me to The Bold Beauchamps.” The date of The 
Beld Beauchamps is in ſome meaſure aſcertained by a paſſage in 
D*Avenant's Playbouſe to be let: 

cc — There is an old tradition, 
ce That in the times of mighty Tomburlaine, 
« Of conjuring Faufius, and the Beauchamps Bold, 

„ You poets uſed to have the ſecond day.“ | 

Tamberlain and Fauſtus were exhibited in or before 1590. 

The lamentable end of Shores wife alſo made a part of the old 
anonymous play of King Richard III. which was entered in the 
Stationers* books, June 19, 1594. Both the dramas in which Fane 
Shore was introduced were probably on the ſtage ſoon after 1590; and 
from the manner in which Pericles is mentioned in the verſes above 
quoted, we may preſume, that drama was equally ancient and equally 
well knowne | 2 e We 


«makes 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 285 
makes no effort to promote their happineſs; but when 
ſupernatural accidents have reconciled them, he joins 


their company, and concludes his day's entertainment 


by uttering ſome miſerable puns at an interlude repre- 
ſented by a troop of clowns, Over the fairy part of the 
drama he cannot be ſuppoſed to have any influence. 


This part of the fable, indeed, (at leaſt as much of it as 


relates to the quarrels of Oberon and Titania,) was not 
of our authour's invention *.— Through the whole piece, 
the more exalted characters are ſubſervient to the inter- 
eſts of thoſe beneath them. We laugh with Bottom and. 
his fellows, but is a ſingle paſſion agitated by the faint 

and childiſh ſolicitudes of Hermia and Demetrius, of 
Helena and Lyſander, thoſe ſhadows of each other ?—. 
That a drama, of which the principal perſonages are 
thus inſignificant, and the fable thus meagre and unin- 
tereſting, was one of our authour's earlieſt compoſitions, 
does not, therefore, ſeem a very improbable conjecture; 
nar are the beauties with which it is embelliſhed, 
inconſiſtent with this ſuppoſition; for the genius of 
Shakſpeare, even in its minority, could embroider the 
coarſeſt materials with the brighteſt and moſt laſting 
colours. 5 a 
Oberon and Titania had been introduced in a drama- 


3 The learned editor of Chaucer's Canterbury Tales, printed in 1775, 
obſerves in his introductory diſcourſe, (Vol. IV. p. 151,) that Pluto 
and Proſerpina in the Marchant's Tale, appear to have been „ the 
true progenitors of Shakſpeare's Oberon and Titania.“ In a tract al- 


ready quoted, Greene's Groatſworth of Witte, 1592, a player is in- 


troduced, who boaſts of having performed the part of rhe King of 
Fairies with applauſe. Greene himſelf wrote a play, entitled The 
Scottiſhe Hiſtorie of James the Fourthe, flaine at Fliddon, intermixed 
with a pleaſant Comedie er by Oberon King of Fayeries; which 
was entered at Stationers' hall in 1594, and printed in 1598. Shak- 
ſpeare, however, does not appear to have been indebted to this piece, 
The plan of it is ſhortly this. Bohan, a Scot, in conſequence of be- 
ing diſguſted with the world, having retired to a tomb where he has 
fixed his dwelling, is met by Aſter Oberon, king of the fairies, who 
entertains him with an antick or dance by his ſubjects. Theſe two 
perſonages, after ſome converſation, determine to liſten to a tragedy, 
which is acted before them, and to which they make a kind of chorus, 
vy moralizing at the end of each act. | ee 


tick 


286 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 
tick entertainment exhibited before Queen Elizabeth in 
1591, When ſhe was at Elvetham in Hampſhire; as ap- 
pears from A Deſcription of the Queene s Entertainment in 
Progreſs at Lord Hartford s, &c. printed in 4to. in 1591, 
Her majeſty, after having been peſtered a whole after- 
noon with ſpeeches in verſe from the three Graces, Sy- 
vanus, Wood Nymphs, &c. is at length addreſſed by the 
Fairy Queen, who preſents her majeſty with a chaplet, 
Given me by Auberon [Oberon] the fairie king.“ 
A Mid/ummer-Night's Dream was not entered at Sta- 
tioners? hall till Oct. 8, 1600, in which year it was 
printed ; but is mentioned by Meres in 1598. | 
From the comedy of Dr. Dodipoll Mr. Steevens has 
quoted a line, which the authour ſeems to have borrow- 
ed from Shakſpeare: | 


„ *Tyas I that led you through the painted meads, 
«© Where the light Fairies danc'd upon the flowers, 
Hanging in every leaf an orient pearl.“ | 

So, in A Midſummer-Night's Dream : 

And hang a pearl in ev'ry cowllip's ear.“ 

Again: | | s 

And that ſame dew, which ſometimes on the buds 
«« Was wont to ſwell, like round and orient pearls, 

Stood now within the pretty flouret's eyes, | 
4 Like tears, '&Cc. 


There 1s no earlier edition of the anonymous play in 
which the foregoing lines are found, than that in 1600; 
but Dr. Dodipowle is mentioned by Naſhe, in his pre- 
face to Gabriel Harvey's Hunt is up, printed in 1590. 

The paſſage in the fifth act, which has been thought 
to allude to the death of Spenſer?, is not inconſiſtent 
with the early appearance of this comedy ; for it might 
have been inſerted between the time of that poet's death, 
and the year 1600, when the play was publiſhed, And 
indeed, if the allufion was intended, which I do not 


'9 & The thrice three muſes, mourning for the death 
Of learning, late deceas'd in beggary.“ ET 
. f believe, 


* 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 287 


believe, the paſſage muſt have been added in that in- 
terval ; for 4 M:d/ummer-Night's Dream was certainly 
written in, or before, 1598, and Spenſer, we are told by 
Sir James Ware, (whole teſtimony with reſpe& to this 


controverted point muſt have great weight,) did not die 


till 1599: “others, (he adds,) have it wrongly, 15989.”? 


9 Preface to Spenſer's View of the State of Ireland. Dublin, fol. 
1633. This treatiſe was written, according to Sir James Ware, in 
1596. The teſtimony of that hiſtorlan, relative to the time of Spen- 
ſer's death, is confirmed by a fact related by Ben Jonſon to Mr. 
Drummond of Hawthornden, and recorded by that writer. When 
Spenſer and his wife were forced in great diſtreſs to fly from their 
houſe, which was burnt in the Iriſh Rebellion, the Earl of Efiex ſent. 
him twenty pieces; but he refuſed them; telling the perſon that 
brought them, he was ſure he had no time to ſpend them. He died 
ſoon afterwards, according to Ben ſonſon's account, in King-ftreet. 
Lord Eſſex was not in Ireland in 1598, and was there from April to 
September in the following year. 

It ſhould alſo be remembered that verſes by Spenſer are prefixed to 
Lewknor's Commonwealth and Government of Venice, publiſhed in 1599. 

That this celebrated poet was alive in Sept. 1598, is proved by the 
following paper, addreſſed by Queen Elizabeth to the Lords Juſtices 
of Ireland, which is preſerved in the Muſeum, Mit. Harl. 286, and 
has not, I believe, been noticed by any of his biographers : 


| Laſt of Sept. x598. 
© To the Lords Juſtices of Ireland, 

© Though we doubt not but you will without any motion from us 
have good regard for the appointing of meete and ſerviceable perſons 
to be Sheriffs in the ſeveral counties, which is a matter of great im- 
portance, eſpecially at this time, when all parts of the realme are 
tinged with the infection of rebellion, yet wee thinke it not amiſſe 
ſometime to recommend unto you ſuch men as wee ſhould [wiſh] to 
have for that office. Among whom we may juſtly reckon Edm. 
Spenſer, a gentleman dwelling in the county of Corke, who is ſo well 
known unto you all for his good and commendable parts, (being 2 
man endowed with good knowledge in learning, and not unſſcilful or 


without experience in the ſervice of the warres,) as we need not uſe 
many words in his behalf. And therefore as we are of opinion that 


you will favour him for himſelfe and of your own accord, ſo we do 
pray you that this letter may increaſe his credit fo farr forth with you 
as that he may not fayle to be appointed Sheriffe of the county of 
Corke, unleſſe there be to you knowne ſome important cauſe to the 
contrary. | | | N | 

© We are perſuaded he will ſo behave himſelfe in this particular as 
you ſhall have juſt cauſe to allowe cf our recommendation, and his 
good ſervice, And ſo,” &e. BE 


288 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 
So careful a ſearcher into antiquity, who lived fo near 
the time, is not likely to have been miſtaken in a fact, 
concerning which he- appears to have made particular 
inquiries. | 

'The paſſage in queſtion, however, in my apprehen- 
fion, has been miſunderſtood. It relates, I conceive, 
not to the death of Spenſer, but to the nine Muſes la- 
menting the decay of learning, in that authour's poem 
entitled The Tears of the Muſes, which was pabliſhed in 
1591 : and hence probably the words, late deceas'd in 
beggary.”” This alluſion, if I am right in my conjec- 
ture, may ſerve to confirm the date aſſigned to A Mid- 
fummer=-Night's' Dream. | 


5. CouzDy or ERRORS, 1593. 


The only note of time that occurs in this play is found 
in the following paſſage: | | 
Ant. S. In what part of her body ſtands—France ?** 
e Drom. S. In her forehead, arm'd and reverted, 
making war againſt the Hair.“ 325 
I have no doubt that an equivoque was here intended, 
and that, beſide the obvious ſenſe, an alluſion was in- 
tended to King Henry IV. the heir of France“, concern- 
ing whoſe ſucceſſion to the throne there was a civil war 
in that country, from Auguſt 1589, when his father was 
aſſaſſinated, for ſeveral years. Henry, after ſtruggling 
long againſt the power and force of the League, extri- 
cated himſelt from all his difficulties by embracing the 
Roman Catholick religion at St. Denis, on Sunday the 
z5th of July 1593, and was crowned king of France in 
Feb. 1594; I therefore imagine this play was written 
before that period. In 1591 Lord Eſſex was ſent with 
4000 troops to the French king's aſſiſtance, and his 
brother Walter was killed' before Rouen in Normandy. 
From that time till Henry was peaceably ſettled on the 
throne, many bodies of troops were ſent by Q. Elizabeth 


* The words heir and hair were, T make no doubt, pronounced 
alike in Shakſpeare's time, and hence they are frequently confounded | 


in the old copies of his plays. 
| to 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 289 


to his aid : ſo that his fituation muſt then have been a mat- 
ter of notoriety, and a ſubject of converſation in England. 

This play was neither entered on the Stationers' books, 
nor printed, till 1623, but is mentioned by Meres in 
1598, and exhibits internal proofs of having been one 
of Shakſpeare's earlieſt productions. I formerly ſuppoſed 
that it could not have been written till 1596 ; becauſe 
the tranſlation of the Menæchmi of Plautus, from which 
the plot appears to have been taken, was not publiſhed 
till 1595. But on a more attentive examination of that 
tranſlation, I find that Shakſpeare might have ſeen it 
before publication ; for from the printer's advertiſement 
to the reader, it appears that for ſome time before it 
had been handed about in Mſ. among the tranſlators 
friends, The piece was entered at Stationers'-Hall, 
June 10, 1504, and as the authour had tranſlated all 
the comedies of Plautus, it may be preſumed that the 
whole work had been the employment of ſome years : 
and this might have been one of the earlieſt tranſlated, 
Shakſpeare muſt alſo have read ſome other account of the 
ſame ſtory not yet diſcovered ; for how otherwiſe could 
he have got the names of Erraticus and Surreptus, which 
do not occur in the tranſlation of Plautus ? There the 
brothers are called Menzchmus Sofcles, and Menæch- 
mus the traveller. . 

The alternate rhymes that are found in this play, as 
well as in 4 M:id/ammer-Night*'s Dream, Lowe's Labour's 
Loft, The Two Gentlemen of Verona, and Romeo and Fuliet, 
are a further proof that theſe pieces were among our 
authour's earlieſt productions. We are told by himſelf 
that Venus and Adonis was the firſt heir of his inven- 
tion.” The Rape of Lucrece probably followed ſoon 
afterwards, When he turned his thoughts to the ſtage, 
the meaſure which he had uſed in thoſe poems, naturally 
preſented itſelf to him in his firſt dramatick eſſays: I 
mean in thoſe plays which were written originally by 
himſelf, In thoſe which were grounded, like the Henries, 
on the preceding productions of other men, he naturally 
followed the example before him, and conſequently in 
thoſe pieces no alternate rhymes are found. 

. "© | The 


290 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 

The doggrel meaſure, which, if I recollect right, is 
employed in none of our authour's plays except T he Co- 
wedy of Errors, The Taming of the Shrew, and Lowe'; 
Labour's Loft, allo adds ſupport to the dates afligned to 
theſe plays: for theſe long doggrel verſes, as I have ob- 
ſerved in a note at the end of the piece now under our 
conſideration, are written in that kind of metre which 
was uſually attributed by the dramatick poets before his 
time to ſome of their inferior characters. He was im- 
perceptibly infected with the prevailing mode in theſe 
his early compoſitions ; but ſoon learned to deviate 
boldly from the common track,” left by preceding 
writers. | 

A play with the ſame title as that before us, was ex- 
Hibited at Gray's-inn in December 1594; but 1 know 
not whether it was Shakſpeare's play, or a tranſlation 
from Plautus. After ſuch ſports,” (ſays the writer of 
Geſta Grayorum, 1688,) a Comedy of Errors, like to Plau- 
tus his Menechmus, was played by the players: ſo that 
night was begun and continued to the end in nothing 
but confuſion and errors. Whereupon it was ever after- 
wards called the Night of Errors.” The Regiſters of 
Gray's-inn have been examined for the purpoſe of 
aſcertaining whether the play above-mentioned was 
our authour's; but they afford no information on the 
ſubject. 15 

From its having been repreſented, by the players, not 
by the gentlemen of the inn, I think it probable that 
it was Shakſpeare's piece. 
The name of Dew/abel, which is mentioned in this 
play, occurs likewiſe in an Eclogue entitled The Shep- 
herd's Garland, by Michael Drayton, printed in 4to. 
in 1593. . ü 


6. THE TAMIN G or THE SHREW, 1594. 


This play and The Winter's Tale are the only pieces 
which I have found reaſon, ſince the firſt edition of this 
Eſſay appeared, to attribute to an era widely different 

4 . 5 „ 


* 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 291 
from that in which I had originally placed them*. I 
had ſuppoſed the piece now under conſideration to have 
been written in the year 1606. On a more attentive 
peruſal of it, and more experience 1n our authour's ſtyle 
and manner, I am perſuaded that it was one of his ve 
early productions, and near in point of time to The 
Comedy of Errors, Lowe's Labour's Loft, and The Two 
Gentlemen of Verona. 

In the old comedies antecedent to the time of our 
authour's writing for the ſtage, (if indeed they deſerve 
that name) a kind of doggrel meaſure 1s often found, 
which, as I have already obſerved, Shakſpeare adopt- 
ed in ſome of thoſe pieces which were undoubtedly 
among his early compoſitions; I mean his Errors, and 
Lowe's Labour's Loſt. This kind of metre being found 
alſo in the play before us, adds ſupport to the ſuppoſition 
that it was one of his early produd ions. The laſt four 
lines of this comedy furniſh an example of the meaſure 
\[ allude to: 


«© *Twas I won the wager, though you hit the white, 
And being a winner, God give you good night. 
Now go thy ways, thou haſt tam'd a curſt ſhrew, 

6 Tis a wonder, by your leave, ſhe will be tam'd ſo.“ 


Another proof of The Taming of the Shrew being an 
early production ariſes from the frequent play of words 
which we find in it, and which Shakſpeare has condemn- 
ed in a ſubſequent comedy. 

Some of the incidents in this comedy are taken from 
the Suppoſes of Gaſcoigne, an authour of conſiderable 
„ when Shakſpeare firſt began to write for the 
ſtage. 

The old piece entitled The Taming of a Shrew, on 
which our authour's play 1s founded, was entered on 


1 A minute change has been made in the arrangement of five other 
plays; A Midſummer-Nigbt's Dream, The Comedy of Errors, Love's 
Labour's Loft, The two Gentl:men of Verona, and Cymbeline; but the 
variation is not more than a period of two or three years. 

12 the 


292 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


the Stationers* books by Peter Short, May 2, 1594, and 
probably ſoon afterwards printed. As it bore nearly the 
ſame title with Shakſpeare's play, (which was not print- 
ed till 1623,) the hope of getting a ſale for it under the 
ſhelter of a celebrated name, was probably the induce- 
ment to iſſue it out at that time; and its entry at Sta- 
tioners*-hall, and publication in 1594, (for from the 
paſſage quoted below it muſt have been publiſhed *,) 
gives weight to the ſuppoſition that Shakſpeare's play 
was written and firſt acted in that year. There being 
no edition of the genuine play in print, the bookſeller 
hoped that the old piece with a ſimilar title might paſs on 
the common reader for Shakſpeare's performance. This 
appears to have been a frequent practice of the bookſel- 
lers in thoſe days; for Rowley's play of K. Henry VIII. 
I am perſuaded, was publiſhed in 1605, and 1613, with 
the ſame view; as were King Leir and his three daughters 
in 1605, and Lord Sterline's Julius Cæſar in 1607. 
In the year 1607 it is highly probable that this comedy 
of our authour's was revived, for in that year Nicholas 
Ling republiſhed The old Taming of a Shrew, with the 
ſame intent, as it ſhould ſeem, with which that piece 
had originally been iſſued out by another bookſeller in 
1594. In the entry made by Ling in the Stationers? 
books, January 22, 1606-7, he joined with this old 
drama two of Shakſpeare's genuine plays, Romeo and 
Juliet and Lowe's Labour's Loft, neither of which he ever 
publiſhed, nor does his name appear in the title-page of 
any one of our authour's performances: So that thoſe 
two plays could only have been ſet down by him, along 
with the other, with ſome fraudulent intent. 


2 From a paſſage in a tract written by Sir John Harrington, en- 
titled The Metamorphoſis of Ajax, 1596, this old play appears to have 
been printed before that time, probably in the year 1594, when it was 
entered at Stationers-hall; though no edition of ſo early a date has 
hitherto been diſcovered. © Read” (ſays Sir John) “ the Boote of 
Taming a Shrew, which hath made a number of us ſo perfect, that 
_ every one can rule a ſhrew in our country, ſave he that bath 

PO. ; . 

Ia 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 294 


In the ſame year alſo, (Nov. 17) our authour's genuine 
play was entered at Stationers-hall by John Smeth- 
wyck 3 (one of the proprietors of the ſecond folio) ;_ 
which circumſtance gives additional weight to the ſup- 
poſition that the play was revived in that year. Smeth- 
wyck had probably procured a copy of it, and had then 
thoughts of printing it, though for ſome reaſon, now 
. - undiſcoverable, it was not printed by him till 1631, 

eight years after it had appeared in the edition by the 
players in folio. - 155 : 

It ſhould be obſerved that there is a ſlight variation 
between the titles of the anonymous play and Shakſpeare's 
piece; both of which, in conſequence of the inaccuracy 
of Mr. Pope, and his being very ſuperficially acquainted 
with the phraſeology and manner of our early writers, 
were for a long time unjuſtly attributed to our poet. 
The old drama was called The Taming of a Shrew z 
Shakſpeare's comedy, The T aming of the Shrew. | 
+ It muſt not be concealed, however, that The T aming 
of the Shrew is not enumerated among our authour's 
plays by Meres in 1598; a circumſtance which yet is 
not ſufficient to prove that it was not then written: for 
neither is Hamlet nor The Second and Third Parts of King 
Henry VI. mentioned by him; though thoſe three plays 
had undoubtedly appeared before that year. 

I formerly imagined that a line“ in this comedy al- 
luded to an old play written by Thomas Heywood, 
entitled 4 Woman kilPd with kindneſs, of which the 
ſecand edition was printed in 1607, and the firſt probably 
not before the year 1600; but the other proofs which I 
have already ſtated with reſpect to the date of the play 
before us, have convinced me that I was miſtaken. 


3 For this bookſeller Romeo and Fuliet was printed in 4to, in 1609, 
and an edition of Hamlet without date; the latter probably was print- 
ed either in that year or 1607. 

4 * This is the way to kill a wife with kindneſs.” Taming of the 
Shrew, Act IV. ſc. i, Heywood's play is mentioned in The Black 
Booke, 4to. 1604. I am not poſſeſſed of the firſt edition of it, nor is 
it in any of the great collections of old plays that I have ſeen. 


CE 3] * Lovs's 


294 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 
7. Love's Lapour's Los r, 1594. 


Shakſpeare's natural diſpoſition leading him, as Dr, 
Johnſon has obſerved, to comedy, it 1s highly probable 
that his firſt original dramatick production was of the 
comick kind: and of his comedies Lowe's Labour's Loft 
appears to me to bear ſtrong marks of having been one 
of his earlieſt eſſays. The frequent rhymes with which 
it abounds 5, of which, in his early performances he 
ſeems to have been extremely fond, its imperfect verſifi- 
cation, its artleſs and deſultory dialogue, and the irre- 
gularity of the compoiition, may be all urged in ſupport 
of this conjecture. | | 


Lowe's Labour's Loſt was not entered at Stationers- 
hall till the 22d of. January 1606-7, but 1s mentioned by 
Francis Meres *, in his Wit's Treaſury, being the Second 

| | Part 


5 As this circumſtance is more than once mentioned, in the courſe 
pf theſe obſervations, it may not be improper to add a few words on 
the ſubject of our authour's metre. A mixture of rhymes with blank 
verſe, in the ſame play, and ſometimes in the ſame ſcene, is found in 
almoſt all his pieces, and is not peculiar to Shakſpeare, being alſo 
found in the works of Jonſon, and almoſt all our ancient dramatick 
writers, It is not, therefore, merely the uſe of rhymes, mingled 
with blank verſe, but their frequency, that is here urged, as a circum- 
ſtance which ſeems to characterize and diſtinguiſh our poet's earlieſt 
performances, In the whole number of pieces which were written 
antecedent to the year 1600, and which, for the ſake of perſpicuity, 
have been called his early compoſitions, more rhyming couplets are 
found, than in all the plays compoſed ſubſequently to that year; 
which have been named his late productions. Whether in proceſs of 
time Shakſpeare grew weary of the bondage of rhyme, or whether he 
became convinced of its impropriety in a dramatick dialogue, his ne- 
gle& of rhyming (for he never wholly diſuſed it) ſeems to have been 
gradual. As, therefore, moſt of his early productions are character- 
ized by the multitude of ſimilar terminations which they exhibit, 
whenever of two early pieces it is doubtful which preceded the other, 
I am diſpoſed to belieye, (other proofs being wanting) that play in 
which the greater number of rhymes is found, to have been firſt com- 

oſed. The plays founded on the ſtory of King Henry VI. do not 
indeed abound in rhymes; but this probably aroſe from their being 
originally conſtructed by preceding writers. . 8 

S This writer, to whoſe lift af our authour's plays we are ſo much 

| | x | indebted, 


* 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 295 


Part of Wit's Commonwealth?, in 1598, and was printed 


in that year. In the title-page of this edition, (the 


oldeſt hitherto diſcovered,) this piece is ſaid to have been 
preſented before her highneſs [ Queen Elizabeth] the laſt 


Chriſtmas, [1597,] and to be newly corrected and auge 
mented from which it ſhould ſeem, either that there had 
been a former impreſſion, or that the play had been 
originally repreſented in a leſs perfect ſtate, than that 


in which it appears at preſent, 


I think it probable that our authour's firſt draft of this 
play was written in or before 1594; and that ſome 
additions were made to it between that year and 1597, 
when it was exhibited before the Queen, One of thoſe 
additions may have been the paſſage which ſeems to 
allude to The Metamorphojis of Ajax, by Sir John Har- 
rington, printed in 1596: Your lion—will be given 
to Ajax. This, however, is not certain; for the con- 


ceit of A. jax and a jates may not have originated with 


- 


Harrington, and may hereafter be found in ſome more 


ancient tract. | 
In this comedy Don Armado ſays, —“ The fr and 


ſecond cauſe will not ſerve my turn: the paſſado he re- 


ſpecs not, the duello he regards not: his diſgrace is to 
be called boy; but his glory is to ſubdue man.” Shak- 
ſpeare ſeems here to have had in his thoughts Saviolo's 
Treatiſe Of honour and honourable quarrels, publiſhed in 
1595. 'This paſſage alſo may have been an addition. 


indebted, appears, from the following paſſage of the work here men- 
tioned, to have been perſonally acquainted with Shakſpeare : 

c As the ſoul of Euphorbus was thought to live in Pythagoras, ſo 
the ſweet witty ſoul of Ovid lives in mellifluous and honey-tongued 
Shakeſpeare, Witneſs his Venus and Adonis, his Lucrece, his ſugred 
Sonnets among his private friends,“ &c. W's Treaſury, p. 282. 
There is no edition of Shakſpeare's Sonnets, now extant, of ſo early a 
date as 1598, when Meres's book was printed ; ſo that we may con- 
clude, he was one of thoſe friends to whom they were privately re- 
cited, before their publication. 

7 This book was probably publiſhed in the latter end of the year 
1598; for it was not entered at Stationers-hall till September in that 

ear. | | 

„See Vol. II. p. 423, n. 8. | 

See note on As you like it, Vol. III. p. 228, n. 8. 

T 4] Baankes's 


„ „ Su oaþ./2/, 


293 4s — 2 — <4 - 
IS - = + 2 


29s CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


Bankes's horſe, which is mentioned in the play before 
us, had been exhibited in London in or before 1589, as 
appears from a ſtory recorded in Tarlton's Jeſt Fo 5 
In this comedy there is more attempt at delineation of 
character than in either The Comeay of Errors or A Mid- 
ſummer-Night's Dream; a circumſtance which inclines 
me to think that it was written ſubſequently to thoſe 
lays. Biron and Catharine, as Mr. Steevens, I think, 
Lis obſerved, are faint prototypes of Benedick and 
Beatrice. | 
The doggrel verſes in this piece, like thoſe in The 
(Comedy of Errors, are longer and more hobling than 
thoſe which have been quoted from 7 he Taming of the 
Shrew © | 


* You two are bookmen ; can you tell by your wit 

< What was a month old at Cain's birth, that's not five 
weeks old as yet?“? | | 

O' my truth moſt ſweet jeſts! moſt incony vulgar 
wit, PO 

«© When it comes ſo ſmoothly off, ſo obſcenely as it were, 
ſo fit, &c. 1 | 


9 cc There was one Bankes in the time of Tarlton, who ſerved the 
Earl of Eſſex, and had a horſe of ſtrange qualities; and being at the 
Croſs Keyes in Gracious-ftreete, getting money with him, as he was 
mightily reſorted to, Tarlton then (with his fellowes) playing at the 
Bell [f. Bull] by, came into the Croſs keyes, amongſt many people 
to ſee faſhions : which Bankes perceiving, to make the people laugh, 
ſaies, Signior, to his horſe, go, fetch me the werieft foole in the com- 
pany, The jade comes immediately, and with his mouth drawes 
Tarlton forth, Tarlton, with merry words, ſaid nothing but God- a. 
mercy, horſe. In the end Tarlton, ſeeing the people laugh ſo, was 
angry inwardly, and ſaid, Sir, bad I powwer of your borſe, as you have, 
T would do more than thats. Whate'er it be, ſaid Bankes, to pleaſe 
him, I will charge bim to do it. Then, ſaies Tarlton, charge bim to 
bring me the veryefl wwhore-maſter in the company. He ſhall, ſales 
Bankes, Signior, faies he, bring Maſter Tarlton the veryeſt whore- 
maſter in the company. The horſe leads his maſter to him. Then 
God-a-mercy, borſe, indeed faies Tarlton. The people had much 
ado to keep peace: but Bankes and Tarlton had like to have ſquared, 
and the horſe by, to give aime. But ever after it was a by word 
thorow London, God'-a-mercy, horſe! and is to this day.“ Tarlton's 
Feſti, 4to. 1611,-Tarlon died in 1589. | : 
| This 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 297 


This play is mentioned in a mean poem entitled AI, 
the months minde of a melancholy Lover, by R. T. Gentle- 
man, printed in 1598: 


«© Love's Labour Loft J once did ſee, a play 
«© V- cleped ſo, ſo called to my paine, 
*© Which I to heare to my ſmall joy did ſtay, 
Giving attendance to my froward dame; 
My /miſgiving mind preſaging to me ill, 
Vet was I drawne to ſee it *gainſt my will. 
* * * 
Each actor plaid in canning wiſe his part, 
«« But chiefly thoſe entrapt in Cupid's ſnare ; 
« Yet all was fained, *twas not from the hart, 
They ſeeme to grieve, but yet they felt no care: 
'was 1 that griefe indeed did beare in breſt, 
The others did but make a ſhew in jeſt,?? 


Mr. Gildon, in his obſervations on Lowe's Lahour's 
+ Loſt, ſays, Ve“ cannot ſee why the authour gave it this 
name. — The following lines exhibit the trainof thoughts, 
which probably ſuggeſted to Shakſpeare this title, as well 
as that which anciently was affixed to another of his 
comedies, —Lowe's Labour Von. 


To be zz love, where ſcorn is bought with groans, 
Coy looks with heart-ſore ſighs ; one fading * 
mir 
* With twenty watchful, weary, tedious nights 1 
If haply wor, perhaps a hapleſs gain; 
* If Jet, why then a grievous labour won.” 
| Two Gentlemen of Verona. Act I. ſc. i. 


8. Two GENTLEMEN OF VERONA, 1595. 


This comedy was not entered on the books of the 
Stationers* Company till 1623, at which time it was 
firſt printed; but is mentioned by Meres in 1598, and 
bears ſtrong internal marks of an early compoſition, The 
comick parts of it are of the ſame colour with the comick 
parts of Lowe's Labour's Loft, The Comedy of — 
1 ids 


/ 


298 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


A Midſummer-Night's Dream; and the ſerious ſcenes are 
eminently diſtinguiſhed by that elegant and paſtoral 
ſimplicity which might be expected from the early effu- 
fions of ſuch a mind as Shakſpeare's, when employed in 
deſcribing the effects of love. In this piece alſo, as in 
The Comedy of Errors and Lowe's Labour's Loft, ſome 
alternate verſes are found. 6 

Sir William Blackſtone concurs with me in opinion on 
this ſubject; obſerving, that one of the great faults of 
T he Tavo Gentlemen of Verona 1s the haſtening too abrupt- 
ly and without preparation to the denouement, which 
ſhews that it was one of Shakſpeare's very early per- 


formances.”” | ; 
The following lines in Act I. ſc. iii. have induced me 


to aſcribe this play to the year 1595: 


«© He wonder'd, that your lordſhip 
Would ſuffer him to ſpend his youth at home, 
While other men, of ſlender reputation, 
cc Put forth their ſons to ſeek preferment out: 
« Some to the wars, to try their fortunes there, 

% Some, to diſcover iſlands far away.” 


Shakſpeare, as has been often obſerved, gives to al- 
molt every country the manners of his own: and though 
the ſpeaker is here a Veroneſe, the poet, when he wrote 
the laſt two lines, was thinking of England; where 
voyages for the purpoſe of diſcovering iſlands far away * 
were at this time much proſecuted. In 1595 Sir Walter 
Rawleigh undertook a voyage to the iſland of Trinidado, 
from which he made an expedition up the river Oro- 
noque, to diſcover Guiana. Sir Humphry Gilbert had 
gone on a fimilar voyage of diſcovery the preceding 

ar. | 
f The particular ſituation of England in 1595 may have 
ſuggeſted the line above quoted: Some to the wars, &c. 
In that year it was generally believed that the Spaniards 
meditated a ſecond invaſion of England with a much 
more powerful and better appointed Armada than that 


which had been defeated in 1588. Soldiers were que 
| with 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 299 


with great diligence and placed on the ſea-coafts, and 


two great fleets were equipped ; one to encounter the 
enemy in the Britiſh ſeas; the other to ſail to the Weſt- 
Indies, under the command of Hawkins and Drake, to 
attack the Spaniards in their own territories. About 
the ſame time alſo Elizabeth ſent a conſiderable body of 
troops to the aſſiſtance of King Henry IV. of France, 
who had entered into an offenfive and defenſive alliance 
with the Engliſh Queen, and had newly declared war 
againſt Spain. Our authour therefore, we ſee, had 
abundant reaſon for both the lines before us: 


«© Some to the wars, to try their fortunes there, 
«« Some to diſcover iſlands far away.“ 


Among the marks of love, Speed in this play (Act II. 


ſc. 1.) enumerates the walking alone, like one that 
had the peſtilence.“ In the year 1593 there had been a 
oreat plague, which carried off near eleven thouſand 
perſons in London, Shakſpeare was undoubtedly there 
at that time, and his own recollection probably furniſhed 
him with this image. There had not been a great 
plague in the metropolis, if I remember right, ſince 
that of 1564, of which our poet could have no perſonal 
knowledge, having been born in that year, | 
Voalentinus putting himſelf at the head of a band of 
outlaws in this: piece, has been ſuppoſed to be copied 
from Sydney's Arcadia, where Pylades heads the Helots. 
The firſt edition of the Arcadia was in 1590. 
In TheTwo Gentlemen of Verona there are two alluſions 
to the ſtory of Hero and Leander, which I ſuſpe& Shak- 
ſpeare had read recently before he compoſed this play. 
Marlowe's poem on that ſubject was entered at Sta- 
tioners-hall, Sept. 18, 1593, and I believe was publiſhed 
in that or the following year, though I have met with 
no copy earlier than that printed in quarto in 1598. 
Though that ſhould have been the firſt edition, Shak- 
ſpeare might yet have read this poem ſoon after the 
authour's death in 1593: for Marlowe's fame' was de- 
ſervedly ſo high, that a piece left by him for publica- 
| tion 


= 2 * 
8 * 
* = 


> —— 
ado ns 


— 5 
i + =, 2 * 
— « . — 
- gp _ . - "a — - 
: ef 2 — o | _ 6 
Le? — . c - 
2 — S — — * — — 
7 —_ — - — 


_ 


me 


0 


n 
| 

"Y Y 
by 

s 

* 


0 


300 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


tion was probably handed about in manuſcript among 
his theatrical acquaintances antecedent to its being 
iſſued from the preſs. 

In the following lines of this play, 


<< Why, Phaeton, (for thou art Merops' ſon,) 
«© Wilt thou aſpire to guide the heavenly car, 
«© And with thy daring folly burn the world?“ 


the poet, as Mr. Steevens has obſerved, might have been 
furniſhed with his mythology by the old play of King 
John, in two parts, 4to. 1591: 


ER as ſometimes Phaeton, 


« Miſtruſting filly Merops for his ſire.“ 


If I am right in ſuppoſing our authour's King John to 
have been written in 1596, it is not improbable that he 
read the old play with particular attention antecedently 
to his fitting down to compoſe a new drama on the ſame 
ſubject; perhaps in the preceding year: and this circum- 
ſtance may add ſome weight to the date now aſſigned to 
the play before us, | | 


9. ROMEO AND JuriEr, 1595. 


It has been already obſerved, that our authour in his 
early plays appears to have been much addicted to rhym- 
ing; a practice from which he gradually departed, 
though he never wholly deſerted it. In this piece more 
rhymes, I believe, are found, than in any other of his 
plays, Lowe's Labour's Loft and A Mid/ummer-Night's 
Dream only excepted. This circumſtance, the ſtory on 
which it is founded, ſo likely to captivate a young poet, 
the imperfect form in which it originally appeared, and 
its very early publication“, all incline me to believe 
that this was Shakſpeare's firſt tragedy ; for the three 
parts of K. Henry VI. do not pretend to that title. 


There is no edition of any of our authour's genuine plays extant, 
prior to 1597, when Romeo and Fuliet was publiſhed, | 
Am 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 301 


« A new ballad of Romeo and Fuliet, (perhaps our 
authour's play,) was entered on the Stationers* books, 
Auguſt 5, 1596 *, and the firſt ſketch of the play was 
printed in 1597; but it did not appear in its preſent 
form till two years afterwards. 

This tragedy was originally repreſented by the ſervants 
of Lord Hunidon, who was appointed Lord Chamber- 
lain to Queen Elizabeth in 1585, and died in July 1596. 
As it appears from the title-page of the original edition 

in 1597, that Romeo and Fuliet had been often ated by 
the ſervants of that nobleman, it probably had been re- 
preſented in the preceding year, 

In the third act /e fr/? and ſecond cauſe are mention- 
ed: that paſſage therefore was probably written after 
the publication of Saviolo's Book on Honour and honour- 
able quarrels; which appeared in 1595, | 

From ſeveral paſſages in the fifth act of this tragedy it 
is manifeſt, I think, that Shakſpeare had recently read, 
and remembered, ſome of the lines in Daniel's Complaint 
„ Roſamond, which, I believe, was printed in 15927: 

7 the 


2 There is no entry in the Stationers? books relative to the tragedy 
of Romeo and Fuljet, antecedent to its publication in 1597, if this 
does not relate to it. This entry was made by Edward Whyte, and 
therefore is not likely to have related to the poem called Romeo and 
Juletia, which was entered in 1582, by Richard Tottel. How vague 
the deſcription of plays was at this time, may appear from the follow- 
ing entry, Which is found in the Stationers* books, an. 1590, and 
ſeems to relate to Marlowe's tragedy of Tamburlaine, publiſhed in 
that year, by Richard Jones. 

„To Richard Jones | Twoe Commical Diſcourſes of Tamburlein, 
the Cythian Shepparde. | 

In Marlowe's Tamburlaine, as originally performed, ſeveral comick 
interludes were introduced; whence perhaps, the epithet comical was 
added to the title. As tragedies were ſometimes entitled diſcourſes, ſo 
a grave poem or ſad diſcourſe in- verſe, (to uſe the language of the 
time) was frequently denominated a tragedy, All the poems inſerted 
in the Mirrour for Magiſtrates, and ſome of Drayton's pieces, are 
called tragedies, by Meres and other ancient writers. Some of Sir 
David Lindſay's poems, though not in a dramatick form, are alſo by 
their authour entitled tragedies. | 

3 © A booke called Delia, containynge diverſe ſonates, with e 
Complainte of Reſamerde, was entered at Stationers-hall by Simon 

En Watetſoa 


302 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


the earlieſt edition, however, that I have ſeen of that 
Piece 1s dated in 1594 : 


And nought- reſpecting death, the laſt of paines, 
& Plac*d his pale colours, (the oy” In of his might, ) 
05 e 825 his new- got ſpoil, &c. Complaint of Roſamond. 
beauty's enfign yet 
cc Ry crimſon in thy lips, and in thy cheeks, 
«© And death's pale flag, &c. Romeo and Fuliet. 
c Decayed roſes of diſcolour'd cheeks | 
Po yet retain ſome notes of former grace, 
And ugly death fits faire within her face. 
Cemplaint of Roſamond, 
Death that hath ſuck'd the was. of thy breath, 
% Hath had no power yet upon thy beauty.“ 
f | Romeo and Fuliet. 
e Ah now methinks I ſee death dallying /eets 
«« To entertain itſelfe in love's faveet place. 
Complaint of Roſamond. 


ce 


Shall I believe 
5 'That unſubſtantial death 15 1 
Romeo and Juliet. 


If the following ſs in an old comedy already 
mentioned, entitled Dr. Dodipoll, which had appeared 
before 1 596, be conſidered as an imitation, it may add 
ſome weight to the ſuppoſition that Romeo and pag had 
been exhibited before that year : | 


The glorious parts of fair Lucilia, 
Take them and join them in the heavenly ſpheres, 
« And fix them there as an eternal light, 
For lovers to adore and wonder at.” Dr. Dodi poll. 
c Take him and cut him out in little ſtars, 
„And he will make the face of heaven ſo fine, 
«« That all the world ſhall be in love with night, 
And pay no worſhip to the gariſh ſun.” 

Romeo and Fuliet. 


Wateiſon in Feb. 1591-2, and the latter piece is commended by Naſhe 
in a tract entitled Pierſe Penniliſſe tis Supplication t9 the Divell, 
publiſhed in 1592. 


In 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 303 


In the fifth a& of this tragedy mention is made of the 
practice of ſealing up the doors of thoſe houſes in which 
« the infectious peſtilence did reign.”* Shakſpeare pro- 
bably had himſelf ſeen this practiſed in the plague which 
raged in London in 1593. | 

From a ſpeech of the Nurſe in this play, which con- 


tains theſe words“ 1? is now fince the earthquake eleven. 


years, &c. Mr. Tyrwhitt conjectured, that Romeo and 
Juliet, or at leaſt part of it, was written in 1591 3 the 
novels from which Shakſpeare may be ſuppoſed to have 


drawn his ſtory, not mentioning any ſuch circumſtance ; 


while, on the other hand, there adually was an earth- 
quake in England on the 6th of April, 1580, which he 
might here have had in view *.—lt formerly ſeemed im- 
probable to me that Shakſpeare, when he was writing 
this tragedy, ſhould have adverted, with ſuch preciſion, 
to the date of an earthquake which had been felt in his 
youth. The paſſage quoted ſtruck me, as only diſplay- 
ing one of thoſe characteriſtical traits, which diſtinguiſh 
old people of the lower claſs ; who delight in enumerat . 
ing a multitude of minute circumſtances that have no 
relation to the buſineſs immediately under their con- 


fideration 5, and are particularly fond of computing time 


from extraordinary events, ſuch as battles, comets, 
plagues, and earthquakes. This feature of their cha- 
racter our authour has in various places ſtrongly mark- 
ed, Thus (to mention one of many inſtances,) the 
Grave-digger in Hamlet ſays, that he came to his em- 
ployment, of all the days i'the year, that day that the 
laſt king o'ercame Fortinbras,—that very day that young 
Hamlet was born.“ -A more attentive peruſal, however, 
of our poet's works, and his frequent alluſions to the 
manners and uſages of England, and to the events of 


4 See Romeo and Juliet, Act I. fc, iii. > 
5 Thus Mrs. Quickly in K. Henry V. reminds Falſtaff, that he 
<«« {wore on a parcel-gilt goblet, to marry her, ſitting in her dolphin 
chamber, at a round table, by a ſea-coal fire, on Wedneſday in Whit- 
ſun-week, when the prince broke his head for likening his father to a 
ſinging man of Windſor,” — | 


his 


G 
* 
g *® 
1 
3 
9 
WE 
1 
* 
; 
] 


304 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


his own time, which he has deſcribed as taking place 
wherever his ſcene happens to lie, have ſhewn me 
that Mr. Tyrwhitt's conjecture is not ſo improbable as 
I once ſuppoſed it. Shakſpeare might have laid the 
foundation of this play in 1591, and finiſhed it at a 
ſubſequent period. The paſſage alluded to is in the 
firſt act. | | 
If the earthquake which happened in England in 1580, 
was in his thoughts, when he compoſed the firſt part of 
this play, and induced him to ſtate the earthquake at 
Verona as happening on the day on which Juliet was 
eveaned, and eleven years before the commencement of 
the piece, it has led him into a contradiftion ; for ac- 
cording to the Nurſe's account Juliet was within a fort- 
night and odd days of completing her fourteenth year ; 
and yet according to the computation made ſhe could 
not well be much more than #welve years old. Whether 
indeed the Engliſh earthquake was, or was not, in his 
thoughts, the nurſe's account 1s inconſiſtent, and con- 
tradictory. | | | ul 
Perhaps Shakſpeare was more careful to mark the gar- 
Tulity, than the preciſion, of the old woman ;—or per- 
haps, he meant this very incorrectneſs as a trait of her 
character: —or, without having recourſe to either of 
theſe ſuppoſitions, ſhall we ſay, that our authour was 
here, as in ſome other places, haſty and inattentive ? 
It is eertain that there is nothing in which he is leſs 
accurate, than the computation of time. Of his negli- 
gence in this reſpect, As you Like it, Meaſure for Mea- 
jure, and Othello, furniſh remarkable inſtances ®. 


10. HAMLET, 1596. 


The following paſſage is found in 4» Epi/#le to the 
Gentlemen Students of the Two Univerſities by Thomas 


6 See Meaſure for Meaſure, Act I. ſc. iii. and iv. — As you like it, 
Act IV. ſc. i. and iii,—Orbelle, AQ III. fc. iii. I ſlept the next 


night well,” &c, | | 
_ . Naſhe, 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. gog 


Naſhe, prefixed to Greene's Arcadia, which was pub- 
liſhed in 1589 :—*< I will turn back to my firſt text of 
ſtudies of delight, and talk a little in friendſhip with a 
few of our trivial tranſlators. It is a common practice 
now a-days, among a fort of ſhifting companions, that 

runne through every art, and thrive by none, to leave 
the trade of Noverint, whereto they were born, and buſie 
themſelves with the endevors of art, that could ſcarcely 
latinize their neck-verſe if they ſhould have neede; yet 
Engliſh Seneca, read by candle-light, yeelds many good 
ſentences, as Bloud is a beggar, and ſo forth: and, if you 
intreat him faire in a froſty morning, he will affoord 


you whole Hamlets, I ſhould ſay, Handfuls, of tragical 


ſpeeches. But O grief! Tempus edax rerum ;—what 18 
that will laſt always? The ſea exhaled by drops will in 
continuance be drie ; and Seneca, let bloud line by line, 
and page by page, at length muſt needes die to our 
ſtage. | io 
Not having ſeen the firſt edition of this tract till a few 
years ago, I formerly doubted whether the foregoing 
_ paſſage referred to the tragedy of Hamlet; but the word 
Hamlets being printed in the original copy in a different 
character from the reſt, I have no longer any doubt upon 
the ſubject. = 

It is manifeſt from this paſſage that ſome play on the 
ſtory of Hamlet had been exhibited before the year 15893 
but I am inclined to think that it was not Shakſpeare's 
drama, but an elder performance, on which, with the 
aid of the old proſe Hiſtory of Hamlet, his tragedy was 
formed. The great number of pieces which we &4now 
he formed on the performances of preceding writers 5, 
renders it highly probable that ſome others alſo of his 
dramas were conſtructed on plays that are now loſt, Per- 
haps the original Hamlet was written by Thomas Kyd ; 
who was the authour of one play (and probably of more) 


7 See the Diſſertation on the Three Parts of X. Henry V. Vol. VI. 
p. 429. EE 


Vor. I. (U] WG 


ä ů ——— ——„-—-„— X , 2 LP CE, 2 —— —z 
"= 1 * 1 -* = IN, 2 III, 
A 5 
- r 


2 ——— WW ũ ’ 
. * 
5 


ꝶꝶ6ꝛ .ĩ5i ——- — 22? 
———̃— 2E * 2 60 J * 4 an * * N * 
ol " a \ = —_ bl. = 


306 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


to which no name is affxedꝰ. The only tragedy to 
which Kyd's name is affixed, (Cornelia,) is a profeſſed 
tranſlation from the French of Garnier, who, as well as his 
tranſlator, imitated Seneca. In Kyd's Spanih Tragedy, 
as in Shakſpeare's Hamlet, there is, if I may ſay ſo, a 
play repreſented w:rhin a play: if the old play of Hamlet 
ſhould ever be recovered, a ſimilar interlude, I make no 
doubt, would be found there ; and ſomewhat of the ſame 
contrivance may be traced in The old Taming of a Shrew, 
a comedy which perhaps had the ſame authour as the 
other ancient pieces now enumerated. 

Naſhe ſeems to point at ſome dramatick writer of 
that time, who had originally been a ſcrivener or at- 


torney : 


« A clerk foredoom'd his father's ſoul to croſs, 
«© Who penn d a ſtanza when he ſhould engroſs; 


who, inſtead of tranſcribing deeds and pleadings, choſe 
to imitate Seneca's plays, of which a tranſlation had 
been publiſhed many years before. Our authour, how- 
ever freely he may have borrowed from Plutarch and 
Holinſhed, does not appear to be at all indebted to 
Seneca; and therefore { do not believe that he was the 
perſon in Naſhe's contemplation. The perſon alluded 
to being deſcribed as originally bred to the law, (for 
the trade of ao rint is the trade of an attorney or con- 
veyancer ,) I formerly conceived that this eircumſtance 
alſo was deciſive to ſhew that Shakſpeare could not have 
been aimed at. I do not heſitate to acknowledge, that 
fince the firſt edition of this eſſay I have found reaſon to 
believe that I was miſtaken. The comprehenſive mind 
of our poet embraced almoſt every object of nature, 


9 The Spaniſh Tragedy. | 
z 4 The country lawyers too jog down apace, 
« Each with his noverint univerſfs face.” | 
| Ravenſcroft's Prologue prefixed to Titus Andronicus. 
Our ancient deeds were written in Latin, and frequently began with 
the words, Neverint Uziverfi, The form is ſtill retained. Know 


all men, &C, 
ä every 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 307 


every trade, every art; the manners of every deſcrip- 
tion of men, and the general language of almoſt every 
profèſſion: but his knowledge of legal terms is not 
merely ſuch as might be acquired by the caſual obſerva- 
tion of even his all-comprehending mind; it has the 
appearance of technical ſkill; and he is ſo fond of diſ- 
playing it on all occaſions, that I ſuſpe& he was early 
initiated in at leaſt the forms of law ; and was employed, 
while he yet remained at Stratford, in the office of ſome 
country attorney, who was at the ſame time a petty 
conveyancer, and perhaps alſo the Seneſchal of ſome 
manor- court. I ſhall ſubjoin the proofs below *. 
The 


2 — for what in me was purchas'd, 
Falls upon thee in a much fairer ſort. Xing Henry IP. P. II. 
Purchaſe is here uſed in its ſtrict legal ſenſe, in contradiſtinction to 
an acquiſition by deſcent. 
Unleſs the devil have him in fee-fimple, with fine and recovery. 
| Merry Wives of Windſor. 
He is 'reſted on the caſe. Comedy of Errors. 
— with ills on their necks, Be it knozon unto all men by theſe pre- 
Jents, &c. As you like it. | s 
— who writes himſelf armigero, in any bill, warrant, quittance or 
chligation. Merry Wives of Windſor. 
Go with me to a notary, ſeal me there 
Your jingle bond. Merchant of Venice. 
Say, for non-payment that the debt ſhould double. 
| Venus and Adonis. 
On a conditional bond's becoming forfeited for non-payment of 
money borrowed, the whole penalty, which is uſually the double of 
the principal ſum lent by the obligee, was formerly recoverable at law, 
+ To this our poet here alludes. | | 


But the defendant doth that plea deny 
To 'cide his.title, is impanelled 
A queſt of thoughts. Sonnet 46. 


In Much ado about Nothing Dogberry charges the watch to keep 
their fellows counſel and their own, This Shakſpeare transferred from 
the oath of a grand jury-man. | 7 

And let my officers of ſuch a nature | | 
Make an extent upon his houſe and lands. A you like it. 

He was taken with the manner, Love's Labour's Lofts 
Enfeof d himſelf to popularity. X. Henry IV, P. I. 


[V2] 


Oo 
__— 0 —— 


> 8. ©. 2 * = 
. 8 32, 
—_ *. - 
aw — 
«+ 2 —— o 


I dy 
— 


— 


2 


— 


- a +> » 


2 : 


* — 42 n 24 


a he 
0 
S, _ 


308 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


The tragedy of Hamlet was not regiſtered in the books 
of the Stationers' Company till the 26th of July, 1602. 
I believe it was then publiſhed, though the earlieſt copy 
now extant 1s dated in 1604. In the title-page of 
that copy, the play is ſaid to be nexwwly imprinted, and 
enlarged to almoſt as much again as it was, according 10 
the true and perfect copy; from which words it is mani- 
feſt that a former /e/s perfect copy had been iſſued from 
the preſs. | 


He will ſeal the fee-fimple of his ſalvation, and cut the entail from 
all remainders, and a perpetual ſucceſſion for it perpetually. 
All's well that ends ell, 
Why, let her except before excepted. Twelfth Night. 
— Which is four terms, or two actions z—and he ſhall laugh with- 
out intervallums, King Henry IV. P. II. 


— keeps leets and /aw-days» King Richard II. 
Pray in aid for kindneſs, Antony and Cleopatra, 


No writer but one who had been converſant with the technical lan- 
guage of leaſes and other conveyances, would have uſed determination 
as ſynonymous to end. Shakſpeare frequently uſes the word in that 
ſenſe. See Vol. V. p. 403, n. 4.; Vol. VI. p. 84, n. *; Vol. X. 
p- 202, n. 8. From and after the determination of ſuch term, is the 
regular language of conveyancers. 1 

Humbly complaining to your highneſs. X. Richard III. 

« Humbly complaining to your lordſhip, your orator, &c. are the 
firſt words of every bill in chancery. 

A kiſs in fee-farm ! In witneſs whereof theſe parties interchange- 
ably have ſet their hangs and ſeals. Troilus and Creſſida. 

Art thou a feodary for this act? Cymbeline, 
See the note on that paſſage, Vol. VIII. p. 380, n. 2, 
Are thoſe precepts ſerved? ſays Shallow to Davy in K. Henry IV. 


Precepts in this ſenſe is a word only known in the office of a Juſtice 
of peace. | ; 
Tell me, what ſtate, what dignity, what honour, 

Can'ft thou demiſe to any child of mine? K. Richard III. 


c — hath demiſed, granted, and to farm let, is the conſtant lan- 
guage of leaſes, What poet but Shakſpeare has uſed the word demiſed 
in this ſenſe ? ; bp | | 

Perhaps it may be ſaid, that our authour in the ſame manner may 
be proved to have been equally converſant with the terms of divinity, 
or phyſick. Whenever as large a number of inſtances of his eceleſiaſti- 
cal or medicinal knowledge ſhall be produced, what has now been 
ſtated will certainly not be entitled to any weight, : 1 
| | 2 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 309 


In a tract entitled its mi/erie or the world*s madneſſe, 
diſcovering the incarnate devils of the age, by Thomas 
Lodge, which was publiſhed an quarto in 1596, one of 
the devils (as Dr. Farmer has obſerved) is ſaid to be 
cf a foule lubber, and looks as pale as the vizard of the 
ghoſt, who cried ſo miſerably at the theatre, Hamlet, 
revenge. If the alluſion was to our authour's tragedy, 
this paſſage will aſcertain its appearance in or before 
1596; but Lodge may have had the elder play in his 
contemplation. We 4zow however from the teſtimony 
of Dr. Gabriel Harvey, that Shakſpeare's Hamlet had 
been exhibited before 1598 3. | 

The Caſe is altered, a comedy, attributed to Ben Jon- 
ſon, and written before the end of the year 15997, con- 
tains a paſſage, which ſeems to me to have a reference 
to this play: 

Angelo. But firſt I'll play the ghoſt; DI call him 
out 5,"* | | | | 

In the ſecond act of Hamlet, a conteſt between the 
children of the queen's chapel®, and the actors of the 
eſtabliſhed theatres, is alluded to. At what time that 
conteſt began, is uncertain. But, ſhould it appear not 
to have commenced till ſome years after the date here 
aſſigned, it would not, I apprehend, be a ſufficient rea- 
{on for aſcribing this play to a later period; for, as 


3 See Vol. X. pe. 71. 

4 This comedy was not printed till 1609, but it had appeared many 
years before. The time when it was written, is aſcertained with great 
precifion by the following circumſtances, It contains an alluſion to 
Meres's Wit's T; reaſury, firſt printed in the latter end of the year 1598, 
(See p. 295, n. 7,) and is itfelf mentioned by Naſhe in his Lenten Stuffs 
4to. 1599.—“ It is right of the merry cobler's ſtuff, in that witty play 

of The Caſe is Altered.” | 

S Jonſon's works, Vol. VII. p. 362. Whalley's edit. 

6 Between the years 1595 and 1600, ſome of Lily's comedies were 
performed by theſe children. Many of the plays of Jonſon were repre- 
ſented by them between 1600 and 1609.,.—From a paſſage in Fack 
Drum's Entertainment, or the Comedy of Paſquil and Catharine, which 
was printed in 1601, we learn that they were much followed at that 

time. a : 


U 3] additions 


2 


r 1 - 44 s 
= a 2 - * Mom s 4 = 
. _ 4 - N 
3243 - - — h F Lac 5 * 4 3 
-- — - - w— — — — uh uy 
- ww = F. 2 « 7 — E A 


* 3 = 
er. 


310 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


additions appear to have been made to it after its firit 
production, and we have ſome authority for attributing 
the firſt ſketch of it to 1796 or to an earlier period, till 
that authority is ſhaken, we may preſume, that any 
paſſage which is inconſiſtent with that date, was not in 
the play originally, but a ſubſequent inſertion. 

With reſpect to the alluſion in queſtion, it probably 
was an addition; for it is not found in the quarto of 
1604, (which has not the appearance of a mutilated or 
imperfect copy,) nor did it appear in print till the pub- 
lication of the folio in 1623. 

The ſame obſervation may be made on the paſſage 

produced by Mr. Holt, to prove that this play was not 
written till after 1597. Their inhibition comes by means 
of the late innovation This indeed, does appear in 
the quarto of 1604, but, we may preſume, was added 
in the interval between 1597, (when the ftatute alluded 
to, 39 Eliz. ch. 4. was enacted,) and that year. 
- Heywood in his Apology for Actors, 1612, complains of 
the /currility introduced lately among the children of 
Chapel, in their theatrical exhibitions. This may ſerve 
to aſcertain the time when the paſſage which relates ta 
them was inſerted in Hamlet. | 


11. KING Jorn, 1596, 


This hiſtorical play was founded on a former drama, 
entitled The T rouble/ome Raigne 'of Fohn King of Eng- 
land, with the Diſcoverie of King Richard Cordelion's 
baſe Son, vulgarly named the Baſtard Fawconbridge : alſo 
the Death of King Fobn at Sæuinſtead Abbey. As it was 
(fundry times) publikely acted by the Queenes Majeſties 
Players in the honourable Citie of London, This piece, 
which 1s in two parts, and was printed at London for 
Sampſon Clarke, 1591, has no authour's name in the 
title-page. On its republication in 1611, the bookſeller 
for whom it was printed, inſerted the letters V. Sh. in 
the title-page ; and in order to conceal his fraud, omit- 
ted the words— publitely—in the honourable Citie of 

| | | London, 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 311 


London, which he was aware would proclaim this play 
not to be Shakſpeare's King John; the company to which 
he belonged, having no pnblicꝶ theatre in London: that 
in Blackfriars being a private e and the Globe, 
which was a publick theatre, being ſituated in South- 
wark. He alſo, probably with the ſame view, omitted 
the following lines addreſſed to the Gentlemen Readers, 
which are prefixed to the firſt edition of the old play: 


«© You that with friendly grace of ſmoothed brow 

«© Have entertain'd the Scythian T amburlaine, 

5 And given applauſe unto an infidel ; 

«© Vouchſafe to welcome, with like curteſie, 

«© A warlike Chriſtian and your countryman. 

5 For Chriſt's true faith indur'd he many a ſtorme, 

« And ſet himſelfe againſt the man of Rome, 

«© Until baſe treaſon by a damned wight 

Did all his former triumphs put to flight. 

«© Accept of it, ſweete gentles, in good ſort, 
„And thinke it was prepar'd for your diſport.?? 


Shakſpeare's play being then probably often acted, 
and the other wholly laid aſide, the word /ately was ſub- 
ſtituted for the word publickly: ** as they were ſundry 
times lately acted, &c. = 

Thomas Dewe, for whom a third edition of this old 
play was printed in 1622, was more daring, The two 
parts were then publiſhed, “ as they were ſundry times 
lately acted; and the name of William Shakſpeare in- 
ſerted at length. By the Queen s Majeſties players was 
wiſely omitted, as not being very conſiſtent with the 
word lately, Elizabeth being then dead nineteen years. 

King John is the only one of our poet's unconteſted 
plays that is not entered in the books of the Stationers? 
company. It was not printed till 1623, but is men- 
tioned by Meres in 1598, unleſs he miſtook the old 
play in two parts, printed in 1591, for the compoſition of 
Shakſpeare. | 
It is obſervable that our authour's ſon, Hamnet, died 
in Auguſt, 1596. That I _ of ſuch ſenſibility, and 


4 ] | of 


* 4 
. 


312 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


of ſo amiable a diſpoſition, ſhould have loſt his only ſon, 
who had attained the age of twelve years, without being 
greatly affected by it, will not be eaſily credited. The 
Pathetick lamentations which he has written for Lady 
Conſtance on the death of Arthur, may perhaps add ſome 
probability to the ſuppoſition that this tragedy was 
written at or ſoon after that period, 
In the firſt ſcene of the ſecond act the following lines 
are ſpoken by Chatillon, the French ambaſſador, on his 
return from England to King Philip: 


«« And all the unſettled humours of the land 

«© Raſh, inconſiderate, firy voluntaries, 
«© With ladies' faces and fierce dragons? ſpleens, - 
C Have ſold their fortunes at their native homes, 
Bearing their birth-rights proudly on their backs, 
4 To make a hazard of new fortunes here. | 
In brief, a braver choice of dauntleſs ſpirits 
4 Than now the Engliſh bottoms have waft o'er, 
<< Did never float upon the ſwelling tide, | 
e To do offence and ſcathe to Chriſtendom.“ 


Dr. Johnſon has juſtly obſerved in a note on this play, 
that many paſſages in our poet's works evidently ſhew 
that he often took advantage of the facts then recent 
and the paſſions then in motion.” Perhaps the deſcrip- 
tion contained in the laſt fix lines was immediately ſug- 
geſted to Shakſpeare by the grand fleet which was ſent 
againſt Spain in 1596. It conſiſted of eighteen of the 
largeſt of the Queen's ſhips, three of the Lord Admiral's, 
and above one hundred and twenty merchant-ſhips and 
victuallers, under the command of the earls of Notting- 
ham and Eſſex. The regular land- forces on board 
amounted to ten thouſand; and there was alſo a large 
body of voluntaries (as they were then called) under the 
command of Sir Edward Winkfield. Many of the nobi- 
lity went on this expedition, which was deſtined againſt 
Cadiz. The fleet ſailed from Plymouth on the third of 
3 i596; before the end of that month the great 
paniſh armada was deſtroyed, and the town of. * er. | 
| acke 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 313 


ſacked and burned. Here Lord Eſſex found 1200 pieces 
of ordnance, and an immenſe quantity of treaſure, ſtores, 
ammunition, &c. valued at twenty million of ducats. 
The victorious commanders of this {ucceſsful expedition 
returned to Plymouth, Auguſt 8, 1596, four days before 
the death of our poet's ſon. Many of our old hiſtorians 
ſpeak of the ſplendor and magnificence diſplayed by the 
noble and gallant adventurers who ſerved in this expe- 
dition; and Ben Jonſon has particularly alluded to it in 
his Szlent Woman, written a few years afterwards?. To 

mY I ſuſpect two lines already quoted particularly 
refer: | | 


«« Have ſold their fortunes at their native homes, 
« Bearing their birth-rights proudly on their backs.”? 


Dr. Johnſon conceived that the following lines in this 
play e's 
And meritorious ſhall that hand be call'd, 
. * Canoniz'd, and worſhipp'd as a ſaint, 


That takes away by any ſecret courſe 
Thy hateful life, 


might either refer to the bull publiſhed againſt Queen 
Elizabeth, or to the canonization of Garnet, Faux, and 
their accomplices, who in a Spaniſh book which he had 
| ſeen, are regiſtered as ſaints. If the latter alluſion had 
been intended, then this play, or or at leaſt this part of 
it, muſt have been written after 1605. But the paſſage 
in queſtion is founded on a ſimilar one in the old play, 
printed in 1591, and therefore no alluſion to the gun- 
powder-plot could have been intended. 
A line of The Spaniſh Tragedy is quoted in King 
Fohn, That tragedy, I believe, had appeared in or 
before 1590. | 
In the firſt act of King Fobn, an ancient tragedy, en- 
titled Solyman and Perſeda, is alluded to. The earlieſt 


a x * 4 . 
33 ——＋ — = 7 — —- = + — 
* I 
2 —_—_ - * 2 — * PX . > oo 2 
= * ” = _ S, -» » — — — o 
" + Rove on, ih « _ - a 2. . 


— - — 5 - 
Iles. 4 2 
* + 3 


5K 
— — 9 — 
7 4 3.2 

- he + wo . 


*. 


; 
| 
! 
i 
: 
0 
8 
1 


7 had as fair a gold jerkin on that day as any was worn in the 
Iſland Voyage, or Cadiz, nope diſpraiſed.” Silent Woman, 1609. 
e edition 


— CO 
8 


i 
[ 
v4 
N 
4 
'. 
1 
4 
; 
10 
CH 
* 
4 
8 
3! 
»#4 


— 
EY — 


314 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


edition of that play, now extant, 1s that of 1599, but it 
was written, and probably acted, many years before; 
for it was entered on the Stationers' books, by Edward 
Whyte, Nov. 20, 1592. | | 
Marſton's Izſatiate Counteſs, which, according to 
Langbaine, was printed in 1603, contains a paſlage, 
which, if it ſhould be conſidered as an imitation of a 
fimilar one in King Fohn, will aſcertain this hiſtorical 
drama to have been written at leaſt before that year: 


«© Then how much more in me, whoſe youthful veins, 
ce Like a proud river, overflow their bounds. 


So, in King John: 


Why holds thine eye that lamentable rheum, 
& Like a proud river peering ober his bounds.” 


Marſton has in many other places imitated Shakſpeare. 

A ſpeech ſpoken by the haſtard in the ſecond act of 
this tragedy * ſeems to have been formed on one in an 
old play entitled 7% famous Hiſtory of Captain Thomas 
Stukely., Captain Stukely was killed in 1578. The 
drama of which he is the ſubje&, was not printed till 
1605, but it is in the black letter, and, I believe, had 
been exhibited at leaſt fifteen years before. 

Of the only other note of. time which I have obſerved 
in this tragedy, beſide thoſe already mentioned, I am 
unable to make any uſe. When I was in France, 


ſays young Arthur, 


«© Young gentlemen would be as ſad as night, 
46 Only for wantonneſs.“ 


J have not been able to aſcertain when the faſhion of 


being /ad and gentlemanlike commenced among our gayer 


neighbours on the continent, A ſimilar faſhion pre- 
vailed in England, and is often alluded to by our poet, 
and his contemporaries. Perhaps he has in this inſtance 


attributed to the French a ſpecies of affectation then 


3 See Vol. IV. p. 483. : 
only 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 375 


only found in England. It is noticed by Lily in 1592, 
and by Ben Jonſon in 1598. | 5 


12. KING RICHARD II. 1597. 


King Richard II. was entered on the Stationers' books, 


Auguſt 29, 1597, and printed in that year. 
There had been a former play on this ſubject, which 
appears to have been called King Henry IV. in which 


Richard was depoſed, and killed on the ſtage. This 


piece, as Dr. Farmer and Mr. Tyrwhitt have obſerved, 
was performed on a publick theatre, at the requeſt of 
Sir Gilly Merick, and ſome other followers of Lord 
Eſſex, the afternoon before his inſurrection: “ ſo earneſt 
was he, (Merick) ſays the printed account of his 
arraignment, „to ſatisfy his eyes with a ſight of that 
tragedy which he thought ſoone after his lord ſhould 
bring from the ſtage to the ſtate.” The players told 
him the play was oi, and they ſhould have loſs by play- 
ing it, becauſe few would come to it; but no play elſe 
would ſerve: and Sir Gilly Merick gave forty ſhillings 
to Philips the player to play this, beſides whatſoever he 
could get 9.”? 

It may ſeem ſtrange that this old play ſhould have been 
repreſented four years after Shakſpeare's drama on the 
ſame ſubje& had been printed: the reaſon undoubtedly 
was, that in the old play the depoſing King Richard II. 
made a part of the exhibition : but in the firſt edition of 
our authour's play, one hundred and fifty-four lines, de- 
ſcribing a kind of trial of the king, and his actual 
depoſition in parliament, were omitted: nor was it pro- 
bably repreſented on the ſtage. Merick, Cuffe, and 
the reſt of Eſſex's train, naturally preferred the play in 
which his A 3 rs was repreſented, their plot not aim- 
ing at the lite of the queen. It is, I know, commonly 
thought, that the parliament-ſcene, (as it is called) 
which was firſt printed in the quarto of 1608, was an 


9 Bacon's Works, Vol. IV. 412. St. Trials, Vol, VIII. p. 60. 
Fe 4 addition 


316 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


addition made by Shakſpeare to his play after its firſt 
repreſentation : but it ſeems to me more probable that it 
was written with the reſt, and ſuppreſſed in the printed 
copy of 1597, from the fear of offending Elizabeth; 
againſt whom the Pope had publiſhed a bull in the pre. 
ceding year, exhorting her ſubjects to take up arms 
againſt her. In 1599 Hayward publiſhed his Hifory of 
the firſt year of Henry IV. which in fact is nothing more 
than an hiſtory of the depoſing Richard Il. The diſ- 
pleaſure which that book excited at court, ſufficiently 
accounts for the omitted lines not being inſerted in the 
copy of this play which was publiſhed in 1602. Hayward 
was heavily cenſured in the Star-chamber, and com- 
mitted to priſon. At a ſubſequent period, (1508,) when 
King James was quietly and firmly ſettled on the throne, 
and the fear of internal commotion, or foreign invaſion, 
no longer ſubliſted, neither the authour, the managers 
of the theatre, nor the bookſeller, could entertain any 
apprehenſion of giving offence to the ſovereign: the re- 
jected ſcene was reſtored without ſcruple, and from ſome 
play-houſe copy probably found its way to the preſs. 


13. Kind RIcRARb III. 1597. 


Entered, at the Stationers' hall, Oct. 20, 1 597. Printed 
in that year. . 


14. FixsT PART or K. Hewzy IV. 1597. 


Entered, Feb. 25, 1597. [1597-8.] Written therefore | 
probably in 1597. Printed in 1598. | 


15. SECOND PART or Kk. Hznxy IV. 1598. 


The Second Part of King Henry IV. was entered in the 
Stationers? books, Auguſt 23, 1600, and was printed in 
that year. It was written, I believe, in 1598. From 
the epilogue it appears to have been compoled before 
K. Henry V. which itſelf muſt have been written in or 


before 1 599. | . Mere 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 317 


Meres in his Wit's Treaſury, which was publiſhed in 
September 1598, has given a liſt of our authour's plays, 
and among them is K. Henry IV.; but as he does not 
deſcribe it as a play in two parts, I doubt whether this 
ſecond part had been exhibited, though it might have 
been then written. If it was not in his contemplation, 
it may be preſumed to have appeared in the latter part 
of the year 1598. His words are theſe: “ As Plautus 
and Seneca are accounted the beſt for comedy and tra- 
gedy, among the Latines, ſo Shakſpeare, among the 
Engliſh, is the moſt excellent in both kinds for the ſtage: 


his Lowe's Labour's Loft, his Love's Labour's Wonne, his 
 Mid/ummer-Night's Dream, and his Merchant of Venice; 
for tragedy ', his Richard II. Richard III. HEN RYIV. 
K. John, Titus Andronicus, and his Romeo and Juliet. 
The following alluſion to one of the characters in this 
play, which 1s found in Ben Jonſon's Every Man out of 
his Humour, Act V. ſc. ii. firſt acted in 1599, is an ad- 
ditional authority for ſuppoſing the Second Part of King 
Henry IV. to have been written in 1598: 


« Savi, What's he, gentle Mons, Briſk ? Not that 
gentleman ? 


«© Faft. No, lady; this is a kinſman to Juſtice Silence.“ 


That this play was not written before the year 1 596, 
is aſcertained by the following alluſions. In the laſt act 
Clarence, ſpeaking of his father, ſays, 


« The inceſſant care and labour of his mind 
« Hath wrought the muxe, that ſhould confine it in, 
_ «© So thin, that life looks through, and will break out.“ 


Theſe lines appear to have been formed on the follow- 
ing in Daniel's Civil Warres, 1595, B. III. It. 116. 


1 The circumſtance of Hotſpur's death in this play, and its being 
an hiſtorical drama, I ſuppoſe, induced Meres to denominate the Firſt 
Part of K. Henry IV. a tragedy, 

2 Wit's Treaſury, p. 282. 

« Wearing 


for comedy, witneſs his Gentlemen of Verona, his Errors, 


—_—  — — —— — - 
* 


MT: OR Lt £ 7 
% — —ä4 Canes. Can ad AS 2 * 
> Þ gap 7 — . 
— 5 © bd _ ol 


4 
. 
N - . — - 8 8 £ 4 
—— —— — - " = - 1 A 2 3 — - 2 — 
7 : ; p „ 8 ** p — : 
"7 „ 7 "*...4 4 > 3 ; ; * - 
. -» 92 — — - - "I. 4 —— 0 
— * - — l S a _ — 
— 3 * - * S? » * «a 2 & » C \ 9 * 


23 
— 24 


ISS 
3. 


\ *. — T e 


— — . +. 


J ˙ tt oper =" > 
B, KL. 


P  wwaSfhc > wy 


—_ 


""” 


* 
©» —U— 
- * 


| 


318 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


* Wearing the wall ſo thin, that now the mind 
Might well look thorough, and his frailty find.“ 


Daniel's poem, though not publiſhed till 1595, was 
entered on the Stationers? books, in October 1594. 

The diftich, with which Piſtol conſoles himſelf, $; 
Fortuna me tormenta, &c. had, I believe, appeared in 
an old collection of tales, and apothegms, entitled 
Wits, Fits, and Fancies, which was entered at Sta- 
tioners-hall in 1595, and probably printed in that year. 
Sir Richard Hawkins, as Dr. Farmer has obſerved, 
<< in his voyage to the South Sea in 1593, throws out 
the ſame jingling diſtich on the loſs of his pinnace.”” 
But no account of that voyage was publiſhed betore 
1598. | | 

15 the laſt act of this play the young king thus ad- 
dreſſes his brothers: 


Brothers, you mix your ſadneſs with ſome fear. 
«© This is the Engliſh, not the Turkiſh court; 
«© Not Amurath an Amurath ſucceeds, 
«« But Harry Harry.“ 


It is highly probable, as is obſerved in a note on that 
paſſage, that Shakſpeare had here in contemplation the 
cruelty practiſed by the Turkiſh emperor, Mahomet, who 
after the death of his father, Amurath the Third, in 
Feb. 15965, invited his unſuſpecting brothers to a feaſt, 
and cauſed them all to be ſtrangled. 


16. Tur MERCHANT or Venice, 1598. 
Entered at the Stationers-hall, July 22, 1598 and 
mentioned by Meres in that year. Publiſhed in 1600. 


3 The affairs of this court had previouſly attracted the publick at- 
tention; for in 1594 was publiſhed at London, A Letter fent by Amu- 
rath the great Turke to Chriſtendom, : 


5 Arr's 


* 


OF. SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 219 


17. ALL's WELL THAT Ex DS WELL, 1598. 


All's awell that ends well was not regiſtered at Sta- 
tioners' hall, nor printed till 1623; but has been 
thought to be the play mentioned by Meres in 1598, 
under the title of Lowe's Labour's Won, No other of our 
authour's plays could have borne that title with ſo much 
propriety as that before us; yet it muſt be acknowledged 
that the preſent title is inſerted in the body of the play: 


e All, avell that ends well; ſtill the fine's the 
| [crown,”” &c, 


This line, however, might certainly have ſuggeſted 
the alteration of what has been thought the firſt title, 
and affords no deciſive proof that this piece was origi- 
nally called All's well that ends well, The words that 
compoſe the preſent title appear to have been pro- 
verbial +, 

I formerly ſuppoſed that a comedy called 4 bad be- 
ginning makes a good ending, which was acted at court in 
1613, by the Company ot John Heminge, was the pla 
now under conſideration, with only a new title : but 
was miſtaken, The play then exhibited was written by 
John Ford. , | | 

In All's awell that ends well, “ The ſhewing of a hea- 
venly effect in an earthly actor,“ is mentioned. If this 
ſhould prove to be the title of ſome tract, (which is not 
improbable,) and the piece ſhould be hereatter diſcover- 
ed, it may ſerve in ſome meaſure to aſcertain the date 
of the play. 

This comedy alſo contains an alluſion to the diſpute 
between the puritans and proteſtants concerning the uſe 
of the ſurplice, That diſpute began in 1589; and was 
much agitated during all the remainder of the reign of 
Queen Elizabeth. | | 

4 See The Remidie of Love, tranſlated from Ovid, 1600, Sign. E. 


3. b. «© You take the old proverb with a right application for my juſt 
excules Allis well tbat ends well; and fo end 1.” See allo Camden's 


Proverbial Sentences, Remains, 1614. 
| 8 © 6 Plutus 


A. * 


” ©» = cena 
a s 
—— 9. 


— R r or > 2 n — 
_—_ . | 2 Cates. ave. 3 * n 
8 w — 
. +» „ LN X 3 5 7 2 


— 


— — — — — we ry 


| 
| 


320 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 
«« Plutus himſelf,“ (ſays one of the characters in this play,) 
That knows the tin& and multiplying medicine,“ &c. 


ſtone particularly engaged the publick attention at the 
period to which this comedy has been aſcribed; and 
quote the paſſage only for the conſideration of thoſe who 
are more converſant with that ſubject. 


; | 18. KING HENRY V. 1599. 


Mr. Pope thought that this hiſtorical drama was one 
of our authour's lateſt compoſitions; but he was evidently 
miſtaken. Ming Henry V. was entered on the Stationers“ 
books, Auguſt 14, 1600, and printed in the ſame year. 
It was written after the Second Part of King Henry IV. 
being promiſed in the epilogue of that play; and while 
the Earl of Eſſex was in Ireland. Lord Eſſex went to 
Ireland April 15, 1599, and returned to London on the 
28th of September in the ſame year. So that this play 
(unleſs the paſſage relative to him was inſerted after 
the piece was finiſhed,) muſt have been compoſed be- 
tween April and September, 1599. Suppoſing that 
paſſage a ſubſequent inſertion, the play was probably 
not written long before; for it is not mentioned by 
Meres in 1598. | 

The prologue to Ben Jonſon's Every Man in his Hu- 

 mour® ſeems clearly to allude to this play; and, if it had 
been written at the ſame time with the piece itſelf, might 
induce us, notwithſtanding the filence of Meres, to place 
King Henry V. a year or two earlier; for Every Man in 
Bis Humour is ſaid to have been acted in 1598. But the 
prologue which now appears before it, was not written 
till after 1601, when the play was printed without a 
prologue. It appears to have been Jonſon's firſt per- 


5 See the Chorus to the fifth act of King Henry V. 
He rather prays, you will be pleaſed to ſee 
c One ſuch, to-day, as other plays ſhould be; 
« Where neiber Chorus wafts you o'er tbe ſeas, &c. | 
Prologue to Every Man in bis Humour. Fol. 1616. 
| | formance; 


* 


I know not whether the purſuit of the philoſopher's 


OF SHARKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 321 
formance? ; and we may preſume that it was the very 
play, which, we are told, was brought on the ſtage by 

the good offices of Shakſpeare, who himſelf acted in it. 
Malignant and envious as Jonſon appears to have been, 
he hardly would have ridiculed his benefattor at the 
very time he was ſo eſſentially obliged to him. Some 
years afterwards his jealouſy broke out, and vented it- 
ſelf in this prologue, which firſt appeared in the folio 
edition of Jonſon's Works, publiſhed in 1616. It is 
certain that, not long after the year 1600, a coolneſs * 


7 Jonſon himſelf tells us in his Induction to the Magnetic! Lady, 
that this was his firſt dramatick performance.“ The authour begin- 
ning his ſtudies of this kind with Every Man in bis Humour.” 

s See an old comedy called The Return from Parnaſſus : | This piece 
was not publiſhed till, 1606; but appears to have been written in 1602, 
certainly was produced before the death of Queen Elizabeth, which 
happened on the 24th of March 1602-3.] ©* Why here's our fellow 
Shakſpeare puts them all down; ay and Ben Fonſon too. O, that 

Ben Jonſon is a peſtilent fellow; he brought up Horace giving the 
poets a pill, but our fellow Shakſpeare hath given him a purge that 
made him bewray his credit.“ | int 

The play of Jonſon's in which be gave the poets a pill, is the Poet- 
after, acted in 1601. In that piece ſome paſſages of King Henry V. 
are ridiculed. In what manner. Shakſpeare put bim down, or made 
bim bewray bis credit, does not appear. His retaliation, we may be 
well aſſured, contained no groſs or illiberal apuſe; and, perhaps, did 
not go beyond a ballad or an epigram, whic have periſhed with 
things of greater conſequence. He has, howevery marked his diſre- 
gard for the calumniator of his fame, by not leaving him any memorial 
by his Will.—In an apologetical dialogue which Jonſon annexed: to the 
Poetaſter, he ſays, he had been provoked for three years. (i. e. from 
: 598 to 1601) on every ſtage by ſlanderers; as for the players, he 

ays, ak | 
cc It is true, I tax'd them, | 
ec And yet but ſome, and thoſe ſo ſparingly, | | 


« As all the reſt might have ſat ſtill unqueſtion' d: 

6c What they have done againſt me 

J am not mov'd with. If it gave them meat, | 

« Or got them cloaths, tis well; that was their end. : | 

« Only, amongſt them, I am ſorry for | 

c Some better natures, by the reſt drawn in 

c To run in that vile line.” | | 
By the words Some better natures,” there can, I think, be little of 


doubt that Shakſpeare was alluded to. 
Voi. . LX] aroſe 


322 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


aroſe between Shakſpeare and him, which, however he 
may talk of his almoſt idolatrous affection, produced on 
his part, from that time to the death of our authour, 
and for many years afterwards, much clumſy ſarcaſm, 
and many malevolent reflectionsꝰ. 8 80 

| . On 


' © In his Sileat Woman, 1609, Act V. ſc. ii. Jonſon perhaps pointed 
at Shakſpeare, as one whom he viewtd 407th ſcornful, yet with jealtus, 

s2 A, : 1 
% So, they may cenſure poets and authors, and compare them; 
Daniel with Spenſer, Jonſon with other youth, and ſo forth.“ Decker, 
however, might have been meant. : 5 
Again, in the ſame play: | | ET 

« You two ſhall be the chorus behind the arras, and whip out 
between the acts, and ſpeak,” og | 

In the Induction to Bartbolometo Fair, which was ated in 1614, 
two years before the death of our Huthour, three of his plays, and in 
the piece itſelf two others, are Attempted to be ridiculed, 

In The Devil's an Aſs, ated in 1676, all his hiſtorical plays are 
obliquely cenſured. 5 $4 | 1 
Mercer. 4 By my faith you are cunning in the chronicles, 

Fitæ- dot. No, I confeſs, 1 ha't from the play-books, and think 
they are more authentick,” 5 | | 
They are again attacked in the Induction to Bartholomew Fair: 
* An ſome writer that I know, had but the penning o' this matter, 

He would ha' made you ſuch 'a Jig. Jeg i the booths, you fhould ha 
thought an earrbguake had been in the fair. But thefe þ + 45 $164, 
they Will ha' their own abfurd courſes, they will be informed of no- 


thing.” : | 
"The following pafſape in Cynthia's Rebel; 1601, was, I think, 

likewife pointed againſt Shikfpeares pg 
„ Befides, they would with your poets Would leave to be promoters 
of other men's jeſſo, and to way-lay all the ſtale apothegms br 274 books 
they can hear of, in print or otherwiſe, to farce their ſcenes withal :— 
Again, that feeding their friends with nothing of their own, but what 
they have tzuice or thrice Cooked, they ſhould not wantonly give out 
how ſoon they had dreſs'd it, nor How many coaches came to carry 
away the br6ken meat, befides hobby-horſes and foot-cloth nags.” 

Jonſon's plots Wete all his own invention ; our authour's chiefly 
taken from preceding plays or novels. The former employed a year 
or two in compoſing a play; the latter probably produced two every 
year, while he remained in the theatre. | 

The InduQtion to The Staple of News, which appeared in 1625, 
not very long after the publication of our authour's plays in folio, con- 
tains a ſneer at a paſſage in Julius Cæſar: | EC. | 
f 2 ct Know 


- „ 1 


OF SHAKSPEARF'S PLAYS. 323 

On this play Mr. Pope has the following note, Act J. 
ey, 

« This firſt ſcene was added fince the edition of 1608, 


cc Know; Cæſar doth not wrong ; nor without cauſe 
«© Will he be ſatisfieds” . ; | 
which for the purpoſe of ridicule is quoted unfaithfully ; and in the 
- ſame play may be found an effort, as impotent as that of Voltaire *, 
to raiſe a laugh at Hamlet's exclamation when he kills Potonius, 
Some other paſſages which are found in Jonſon's works, might be 
mentioned in ſupport of this obſervation, but being quoted Hereafter 
for other purpoſes, they are here omitted; - 1 
Notwithſtanding theſe proofs, Jonſon's malevolence to Shakſpeare, 
and jealouſy of his ſuperior reputation, have been doubted by Mr. 
Pope and others; and much ſtreſs has been lald on a paſſage in his 
Diſcoveries, and on the commendatory verſes prefixed to the firſt edi- [. 
tion of our authour's plays in folio, —The reader, after having peruſed Þ 
the following character of Jonſon, drawn by Mr. Drummond of Haw. G1 
thornden, a contemporary, and an intimate acquaintance of his, will # 
not, perhaps, readily believe theſe poſthumous encomiums to have been 0 
fincere. “ Ben Jonfon,” ſays that writer, “ was a great lover and i 
praiſer of himſelf; a contemner and ſcorner of others; given rather to } 
loſe a friend than a jeſt ; jealous of every word and action of thoſe about bs 


him, eſpecially after drink, which is one of the elements in which he ; 
lived; a diflembler of the parts which reign in him; a bragger of ſome F 
good that he wanted : thinketh nothing well done, but what either he „ 
himſelf or ſome of his friends have ſaid or done; he Is paſſionately 1 
kind and angry; careleſs either to gain or keep; vindictive, but, if 1 


he be well anſwered, angry] at himſelf; interprets beſt ſayings and 
deeds often to the worſt T. He was for any religion, as being verſed in 
both; oppreſſed with fancy, which over-maſtered his reaſon, a general 
diſeaſe in many poets, His Inventions are ſmooth and eaſy, but above | 
all, he excelleth in tranſlation.” Drummond's Works, fol. 1711; 
+226, | 3 | 

: In the year 1619 Jonſon went to Scotland, to viſit Mr. Drummond, 
who has left a curious account of a converſation that paſſed between 

them, relative to the principal poets of thoſe times. | 


„ Ah! ma mere,.scrie-t-il, il y a un gros rat derriẽre la tapif- | | 
firiez il tire ſon ẽpẽe, cburt au rat, et tue le boh homme Polonius.“ 
Oeuvres de Voltaire, Tome XV. p. 473. $to, | 

+ His miſquoting a line of Julius Cæ ſar, ſo as to render it nonſenſe, 
at a time when the play was in print, is a ſtrong illuſtration of this _ 
part of his character. The plea of an unfaithful memory cannot be 
urged in his defence, for he tells us in his Diſcoveries, that till he was 
paſt forty, he could repeat every thing that he had written, 


1 21 which 


— 
— > — — 93 — 


324 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


which 1s much ſhort of the preſent editions, wherein the 
ſpeeches are generally enlarged, and raiſed; ſeveral 
whole (ſcenes beſides, and the choruſes alſo, were ſince 
added by Shakeſpeare.” a 
Dr. Warburton alſo poſitively aſſerts that this firſt 
ſcene was written after the acceſſion of K. James I. and 
the ſubſequent editors 1 that ſeveral additions were 
made by the authour to King Henry V. after it was origi- 
ginally compoſed. But there is, I believe, no good 


ground for theſe afſertions. It is true that no perfect 


edition of this play was publiſhed before that in folio, 
in 1623; but it does not follow from thence, that the 
ſcenes which then firſt appeared in print, and all the 
choruſes, were added by Shat/peare, as Mr. Pope ſuppoſes, 
after 1608, We know indeed the contrary to be true; 
for the chorus to the fifth act muſt have been written 


In 1599. | 


The fair inference to be . drawn from the imper- 
fect and mutilated copies of this play, publiſhed in 
1600, 1602, and 1608, is, not that the whole play, 
as we now have it, did not then exiſt, but that thoſe 
copies were ſurreptitious ; and that the editor in 1600, 
not being able to publiſh the whole, publiſhed what 
he could, | | 

I have not indeed met with any evidence (except in 
three plays) that the ſeveral ſcenes which are found in 
the folio of 1623, and are not in the preceding quartos, 
were added by the ſecond labour of the authour.— The 
laſt chorus of King Henry V. already mentioned, affords 
a ftriking proof that this was not always the caſe, The 
two copies of the Second Part of King Henry IV. printed 
in the ſame year, (1600) furniſh another. In one of theſe, 
the whole firſt ſcene of Act III. is wanting; not becauſe 
it was then unwritten, (for it 1s found in the other 


copy publiſhed in that year,) but becauſe the editor 


was not poſſeſſed of it. That what have been called 
additions by the authour, were not really ſuch, may be 
alſo collected from another circumſtance ; that in ſome 


of the quartos where theſe ſuppoſed additions are want- 


ing, 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 325 


ing, references and replies are found to the paſſages 
omitted *. | | 

I do not however mean to ſay, that Shakſpeare never 
made any alterations in his prays We have reaſon to 
believe that Romeo and Fuliet, Hamlet, and the Merry 
Wiwes of Windſer, were reviſed and augmented by the 
authour ; and a ſecond reviſal or temporary topicks might 
have ſuggeſted, in a courſe of years, ſome additions and 
alterations in ſome other of his pieces. But with reſpect 
to the entire ſcenes that are wanting in ſome of the early 
editions, (particularly thoſe of King Henry VJ. King 
Richard IT. and the Second Part of King Henry IV.) I 
ſuppoſe the omiſſions to have ariſen from the imperfection 
of the copies; and inſtead of ſaying that the firſt ſcene 
of King Henry V. was added by the authour after the pub- 
lication of the quarto in 1600,”” all that we can pro- 
nounce with certainty is, that this ſcene is not found in 
the.quarto of 1600. 


19. Muck Apo ABOUT NoTHING, 1600. 


Much Ado about Nothing was written, we may pre- . 
ſume, early in the year 1600; for it was entered at 1. 
Stationers' hall, Auguſt 23, 1600, and printed in that 1 
year, : | : ES. ; = 

It is not mentioned by Meres in his liſt of our authour's 6 


plays, publiſhed in the latter end of the year 1598. 


20. As You LIEE Ir, 1600. 


This comedy was not printed till 1623, and the caveat 
or memorandum * in the ſecond volume of the books of 


1 Of this fee a remarkable inſtance in X. Henry IV. P. II. Act l. 
ſc. i. where Morton in a long ſpeech having informed Northumberland 
that the archbiſhop of York had joined the rebel party, the earl re- 
plies,—“ I knew of this before.” The quarto contains the reply, but 
not a ſingle line of the narrative to which it relates, 

2 See Mr. Steevens's extracts from the books of the Stationers? com- 
pany, ante, P. 2530 


1932. the 


326 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


the Stationers' company, relative to the three plays of 
As you like it, Henry V. and Much ado about Nothing, 
has no date except Aug. 4. But immediately above that 
caveat there is an entry, dated May 27, 1600,—and the 
eritry immediately following it, is dated Jan, 23, 1603, 
We may therefore preſume that this caveat was entered 
between thoſe two periods: more eſpecially, as the dates 
ſcattered over the pages where this entry 1s found, are, 
except in one inſtance, in a regular ſeries from 1596 to 
1615. This will appear more clearly by exhibiting the 
entry exactly as it ſtands in the book; 5 


| 27 May 1600, 
To Mr. Rober ts,] Allar um to London. 


| 4 Aug: 
As you like it, a book. a | | 
Henry the Fift, a book. RY 
Every Man in his Humour, a book. . to be ſtated, 
Comedy of Much Ado about Nothing. 


— 


23 Jan. 1603. 


To Thomas Thorpe . BY 
and William Aſpley. 1 This to be their copy, &c, 


It is extremely probable that this 4th of Auguſt was 
of the year 1600; which ſtanding a little higher on the 
paper, the clerk of the Stationers* company might have 
thought unneceſſary to be repeated. All the plays which 
were entered with As you like it, and are here ſaid zo be 
frtaied, were printed in the year 1600 or 1601. The ſtay 
or injunction againſt the printing appears to have been 
very ſpeedily taken off; for in ten days afterwards, on 
the 14th of Auguſt, 1600, King Henry V. was entered, 
and publiſhed in the ſame year, So, Much ado about 
Nothing was entered Auguft 23, 1600, and printed alſo 
In that year: and Every Mau in his Humour was publiſh- 
ed in 1601, 5 os = 

5 Shakſpeare, 


- 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 327 


Shakſpeare, it is ſaid, played the part of Adam in 
As you like it, As he was not eminent on the ftage, it 
is probable that he ceaſed to act ſome years before he 
retired to the country. His appearance, however, in 
this comedy, is not inconſiſtent with the date here 
aſſigned; for we know that he performed a part in Jon- 
ſon's Sęjanus in 1603. RN > | 

A paſlage in this comedy furniſhes an additional proof 
of its not having been written before the year 1596, nor 
after the year 1603. I will weep for nothing,“ ſays 
Roſalind, ** like Diana in the fountain.” Stowe in his 
Survey of London, 1598, informs us, that in the year 
1596 at the eaſt fide of the Croſs in Cheapſide was ſet 
up ** a curious wrought tabernacle of gray marble, and 
in the ſame an alabaſter image of Diaua, and water con- 


veyed from the Thames, prilling from her naked breaſt.“ 


* 


To this the paſſage above cited certainly alludes. In 
his ſecond edition of the ſame work, printed in 1603, he 


informs the reader, that the water flowed in this manner 


for a time, but that the ſtatue was then decayed. It was, 
we ſee, in order in 1598, and continued ſo without 
doubt for two years afterwards, that 1s, till 1600, when 
As you like it appears ta have been written. 

In this comedy a lipe of Marlowe's Hero and Leander is 
quoted. That poem was publiſhed in 1598, and proba- 
bly before. | 


21. Merry Wives of WinDso0R, 1601, 


The following line in the earlieſt edition of this 
comedy, | | | 


e Sail like my pinnace to thoſe golden ſhores,”? 


ſhews that it was written after Sir Walter Raleigh's re- 


turn from Guiana in 1596. | 
The firſt ſketch of The Merry Wives of Windſor was 
printed in 1602. It was entered in the books of the 
Stationers* company, on the 18th of January 1601-2, 
and was therefore probably written in 1601, after the 
leo parts of King Henry IV, being, it is ſaid, compoſed 
us - LX 4 ] at 


* —— OE —ͤ—ͤ— 44 —— 7 
— . - * * — 


328 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


at the deſire of queen Elizabeth, in order to exhibit 
Falſtaff in love, when all the pleaſantry which he could 
afford in any other ſituation was exhauſted. But it may 
not be-thought ſo clear, that it was written after King 
HenryY. Nym and Bardolph are both hanged in King 
Henry V. yet appear in The Merry Wives of Windſor, 
Falſtaff is diſgraced in the Second Part of King Henry IV. 
and dies in King Henry V.; but in the Merry Wives of 
Wind/jor he talks as if he were yet in favour at court; 
* If it ſhould come to the ear of the court how ] have been 
transformed, &c 2? and Mr. Page diſcountenances Fen- 
ton's addreſſes to his daughter, becauſe he kept company 
evith the wild prince and with Points. Theſe circum- 
ſtances ſeem to favour the ſuppoſition that this play was 
written between the F:r/t and Second Parts of K. Henry I). 
But that it was not written then, may be collected from 
the tradition above mentioned. The truth, I believe, 
js, that though it ought to be read (as Dr. Johnſon has 


obſerved,) between the Second Part of King Henry IV, 


and King Henry V, it was written after King Henry V. 
and after Shakſpeare had killed Falſtaff. In obedience 
to the royal commands, having revived him, he found 
it neceſſary at the ſame time to revive all thoſe perſons 
with whom he was wont to be exhibited ; Nym, Piſtol, 
Bardolph, and the Page: and diſpoſed of them as he 
found it convenient, without a ſtrict regard to their ſitu- 
ations or cataſtrophes in former plays. 

There is reaſon to believe that The Merry Wives of 
Windſor was reviſed and enlarged by the authour, after 
its firſt production. The old edition in 1602, like that 
of Romeo and Juliet, is apparently a rough draught, and 
not a mutilated or imperfe& copy. The preciſe time 
when the alterations and additions were made, has not 
been aſcertained : however, ſome paſſages in the en- 
larged copy may aſſiſt us in our conjectures on the ſubject. 

Falſtaff's addreſs to juſtice Shallow in the firſt ſcene 
ſnews that the alterations were made after King James 
came to the throne: Now, Maſter Shallow, you'll 
complain of me to the 4:ng.” In the fir copy the 
words are, „to the council. : 1 5 

| : , When 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 329 


When Mrs. Page obſerves to Mrs. Ford, that“ theſe 
knights will hack,“ which words are not in the original 
copy, Shakſpeare, it has been thought, meant to con- 
vey a covert ſneer at King James's prodigality in be- 
ſowing knighthood in the beginning of his reign. 
Between the king's arrival at Berwick and the 2d of 
May, 1603, he made 237 knights; and in the follow- 
ing July near four hundred, 


The beſt courtier of them all,** ſays Mrs. Quickly, 


«« when the court lay at Windſor, could never have brought 
her to ſuch a canary. Yet there have been knights, and 
lords, and gentlemen, with their coaches, I warrant you, 
coach after coach,“ &. 4, 

The court went to Windſor in the beginning of July, 
1603, and ſoon afterwards the feaſt of Saint George was 
celebrated there with great ſolemnity. The Prince of 
Wales, the duke of Lenox, our poet's great patron the 
earl of Southampton, the earl of Pembroke, and the earl 
of Marre, were inſtalled knights of the garter; and the 
chief ladies of England did homage to the queen. The 


king and queen afterwards uſually reſided in the ſum- 


mer at Greenwich. The alluſion to the inſignia of the 
order of the garter in the fifth act of this comedy, if 
written recently after ſo. ſplendid a ſolemnity, would 
have a peculiar grace; yet the order having been ori- 
ginally inſtituted at Windſor by King Edward III., the 
place in which the ſcene lay, might, it muſt be owned, 
have ſuggeſted an alluſion to it, without any particular 
or temporary object.— It is obſervable that Mrs. Quickly 
ſays, there had been knights, lords, and gentlemen, with 
their coaches, coach after coach, &c. Coaches, as ap- 


pears from Howes's Continuation of Stowe's Chronicle, 


did not come into general uſe, till the year 1605. It 


may therefore be preſumed that this play was not en- 


larged very long before that year. e 
There is yet another note of time to be conſidered. 
In the firſt ſcene of the enlarged copy of the Merry Wives 
of Windſor, Slender aſks Mr. Page, How does your 
tallow grey-hound, fir ? I hear he was out run on * 
| e 


4 4 
4 
' 
: 


— ̃7—In— 


330 CHRONOLOGICAL ORPER 


He means the Cotiwald hills in Gloceſterſhire. In the 
beginning of the reign of James the Firſt, the Cotſwold 
games were inſtituted by one Dover. They conſiſted, 


as Mr, Warton has obſerved, ** of wreſtling, leaping, 


pitching the bar, handling the pike, dancing of women, 
various kinds of hunting, and particularly courſing the 
hare with greyhounds.” Mr, Warton is of opinion that 


two or three years muſt have elapſed before theſe games 


could have been effectually eſtabliſhed, and therefore 
ſup oſes that our authour's additions to this comedy were 
made about the year 1607. Dr. Farmer doubts whether 
Capt. Dover was the founder of theſe games. Though 


the Captain,“ he obſerves, be celebrated in the 


Aunalia Dubrenſia as the founder of them, he might be 
the rewiver only, or ſome way contribute to make them 
more famous; for in the ſecond part of King Henry IV. 
Juſtice Shallow reckons among the Awinge-bucklers, 
4 Will Squeele, a Cotſole man.“ In confirmation of 
Dr. Farmer's opinion Mr. Steevens remarks, that in 
Randolph's poems, 1638, is found“ An eclogue on the 
noble aſſemblies revived on Cotſwold hills by Mr. 


Robert Dover.” 


If the Cotſwold games were celebrated before the 
death of Queen Elizabeth, the paſſage above cited cer- 
tainly proves nothing. Let us then endeayour to aſcer- 
tain that fact. Dover himſelf tells us in the Annalia 
Dubren/ia that he was the Founder of theſe games: 


4 Yet I was bold for better recreation 
To invent theſe ſports, to counter-check that faſhion.” 


and from Ben Jonſon's verſes in the ſame collection we 


learn that they were exhibited in the time of James I. 


and revived in 1636. Nothing more then follows from 
Randolph's verſes, compared with Jonſon's, than that 
the games had been diſcontinued after their firſt inſtitu- 
tion by Dover, (probably ſoon after the death of King 
James) and were revived by their founder at a ſuble- 
quent period. Cotſwold, long before the death of 


Elizabeth, might have been famous for ſwinge-bucklers, 
4 | | or 


TS Ld 


OF. SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 331 


or in other words for ſtrong men, ſkilled in fighting with 

ſword and buckler, wreſtling, and other athletick exer- 

ciſes: but there is no ground for ſuppoſing that courſing 
with greyhounds, in order to obtain the prize of a ſilver 

collar, was cuſtomary there, till Dover inſtituted thoſe 
prizes 1 * the acceſſion of James to the throne. 

This comedy was not printed in its preſent ſtate till 
1623, when it was publiſhed with the reſt of our au- 
thour's plays in folio. The re- publication of the imper- 
fect copy in 1619 has been mentioned as a circumſtance 
from which we may infer that Shakſpeare's improved 
play was not written, or at leaſt not acted, till ſome 
years after 1607. I confeſs, I do not perceive, on what 
ground this inference is made. Arthur Johnſon, the 
bookſeller for whom the imperfe& copy of this play was 
publiſhed in 1602, when the whole edition was ſold off, 
reprinted it in 1619, knowing that the enlarged copy 
remained in Mf. in the hands of the proprietors of the 
Globe Theatre, and that ſuch of the publick as wiſhed 
to read the play in any form, muſt read the imperfect 

lay, of which he had ſecured the property by entering 
t at Stationers' hall. In the ſame manner Thomas 
Pavier in 1619 reprinted the firſt and ſecond parts of The 
whole Contention of the two houſes of Yorke and Lancaſter, 
though he could not but know that the Second and Third 
Parts of King Henry VI. which were formed on thoſe 
| Pieces, and were much more valuable than them, had. 

een frequently ated, antecedent to his re-publication, 
and that the original plays had long been withdrawn 
from the ſcene. Not being able to procure the improved 
and perfect copies, a needy bookſeller would publiſh 
what he could. | 


22. King Henzxy VIII. 1601, 


This play was probably written, as Dr. Johnſon and 
Mr. Steevens obſerve, before the death of queen Eliza. 
beth, which happened on the 24th of March, 1602-3. 
The elogium on Bez James, which is blended with the 
| | panegyrick 


' 


= 
: 

=_ 
_ 
1 

_—_ 
| 
' 
= 


332 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


panegyrick on Elizabeth, in the laſt ſcene, was evidently 
a ſubſequent inſertion, after the acceſſion of the Scottiſh 
monarch to the throne: for Shakſpeare was too well 
acquainted with courts, to compliment in the life-time 
of queen Elizabeth, her preſumptive ſucceſſor, of whom 
hiſtory informs us ſhe was not a little jealous, That the 
prediction concerning king James was added after the 
death of the queen, is ſtill more clearly evinced, as Dr. 
Johnſon has remarked, by the aukward manner in which 
it is connected with the foregoing and ſubſequent lines. 
The following lines in that prediction may ſerve to 


| aſcertain the time when the compliment was introduced: 


«« Wherever the bright ſun of heaven ſhall ſhine, 

«© His honour and the greatneſs of his name 

6c Shall be, and make new nations.“ 

Though Virginia was diſcovered in 1584, the firſt 
colony ſent out went there in 1606. In that year the 
king granted two letters patent for planting that coun- 
try, one to the city of London, the other to the cities of 
Briſtol, Exeter and Plymouth. The colony ſent from 
London ſettled in Virginia ; that from the other cities in 
New England ; the capital of which was built in the 
following year, and called Fames-toaun. In 1606 alſo a 
ſcheme was adopted for the plantation of Ulſter in Ire- 
lands. I ſuſpect therefore that the panegyrick on the 
king was introduced either in that year, or in 1612, 
when a lottery was granted expreſsly for the eſtabliſh- 
ment of Engliſh Colonies in Virginia. | 

It may be objected, that if this play was written after 
the acceſſion of king James, the authour could not in- 
troduce a panegyrick on him, without making queen 
Elizabeth the vehicle of it, ſhe being the object imme- 
diately preſented to the audience in the laſt act of King 
Henry VIII.; and that, therefore, the praiſes ſo profuſely 
laviſhed on her, do zo: prove this play to have been 
written in her life-time ; on the contrary, that the con- 
cluding lines of her character ſeem to 1mply that ſhe was 
dead, when it was compoſed. The objection certainly 


3 Bacon's Works, Vol. IV. p. 440. 
- ED. has 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS, 33233 


has weight; but, I apprehend, the following obſerva- 
tions afford a ſufficient anſwer to it. 

1. It is more likely that Shakſpeare ſhould have written 
a play, the chief ſubject of which is, the diſgrace of 
queen Catharine, the aggrandizement of Anne Boleyn, 
and the birth of her daughter, in the life-time of that 
daughter, than after her death: at a time when the ſub- 
ject mutt have been highly pleaſing at court, rather than 
at a period when it mult have been leſs intereſting. 

Queen Catharine, it is true, is repreſented as an ami- 
able character, but ſtill ſhe is ec/zp/ed; and the greater 
her merit, the higher was the compliment to the mother 
of Elizabeth, to whoſe ſuperior beauty ſhe was obliged 
to give way. | 1 

2. If King Henry VIII. had been written in the time 
of king James I. the authour, inſtead of expatiating ſo 
largely in the laſt ſcene, in praiſe of the queen, which 
he could not think would be acceptable to her ſucceſſor, 
who hated her memory“, would probably have made 
him the principal figure in the prophecy, and thrown 
her into the back-ground as much as poſlible. 

3. Were James I. Shakſpeare's chief object in the ori- 
ginal conſtruction of the laſt act of this play, he would 
probably have. given a very ſhort character of Elizabeth, 
and have dwelt on that of James, with whoſe praiſe he 
would have concluded, in order to make the ſtronger im- 
preſſion on the audience, inſtead of returning again to 
queen Elizabeth, in a very aukward and abrupt manner, 
after her character ſeemed to be quite finiſhed: an auk- 
wardneſs that can only be accounted for, by ſuppoſing 
the panegyrick on king James an after- production“. : 


* King James on his acceſſion to the throne ſtudiouſly marked his 
diſregard for Elizabeth by the favour which he ſhewed to Lord South- 


ampton, and to every other perſon who had been diſgraced by her. Of 


this Shakſpeare could not be ignorant. 

4 After having enumerated ſome of the bleſſings which were to enſue 
from the birth of Elizabeth, and celebrated her majeſty's various vir- 
tues, the poet thus proceeds: | 

© Cran, In ber days every man ſhall eat in ſafety 
© Under his own vine, what he plants, and ſing 
. c The 


' 
ki 
k 
þ 


334 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 

4. If the queen had been dead when our authour wrots 
this play, he would have been acquainted with the par- 
ticular circumſtances attending her death, the fituation 
of the kingdom at that time, and of foreign ftates, &c, 
and as archbiſhop Cranmer 1s ſuppoſed to have had the 
gift of prophecy, Shakſpeare, probably, would have 
made him mention ſome of thoſe circumſtances. Whereas 
the prediction, as it ſtands at preſent, is quite general, 
and ſuch as — — without any hazard of error, have 
been pronounced in the life-time of her majeſty; for the 
principal facts that it foreteHs, are, that ſhe ſhould die 
aged, and a virgin. Of the former, ſuppoſing this piece 
to have been written in 1601, the authour was ſufficiently 
ſecure; for ſne was then near ſeventy years old. The 
latter may perhaps be thought too delicate a ſubject, to 
have been mentioned while ſhe was yet living. But 
we may preſume, it was far from being an ungrateful 
topick-; for very early after her acceſſion to the throne, 
ſhe appears to have been proud of her maiden character; 
declarmg that ſhe was vedded to her people, and that 
the deſired no other inſcription on her tomb, than— 


t The merry ſongs of peace to all his neighbours. 

4 God ſhall be truly known; and thoſe about her 

« From her ſhall read the perfect ways of honour, 
4 And by thoſe claim their greatneſs, not by blood, 

ce * {hall this peace ſleep with her; but as when 

«© The bird of wonder dies, the maiden phænix, 

te Her aſhes new-create another heir, 

4 As great in admiration as herſelf; 

4c So ſhall ſhe leave her bleſſedneſs to one, &c. 

* He Hall flouriſh, 

% Ana, like a mountain ceoar, reach his branches 

% To all the plains about him :z—our children's children 
c Shall ſee this, and bleſs heaven. 
« King. Thou ſpeakeſt wonders, ] 
4 Can, She thall be; to the happineſs of England, 

& An aged princeſs; many days ſhall fee her 

« And yet no day without a deed to crown it. 

« Would I had known no more! bot ſhe muſt die, 

« She muſt, the ſaints muſt have her; yet a virgin,” &c. 
The lines between crotchets, ate thoſe, ſuppoſed to have been in- 
ferted by the authour after the acceflion of king James. 

Here 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 335 


Here lyeth' Elizabeth, who reigned aud died à virgin 5. 
Beſides, if Shakſpeare knew, as probably moſt people at 
that time did, that ſhe became very ſolicitous about the 
reputation of virginity, when her title to it was at leaſt 
equivocal, this would be an additional inducement to 
him to compliment her on that head. | | 

5. Granting that the latter part of the panegyriek on 
Elizabeth implies that {he was dead when it was com- 
poſed, it would not prove that this play was written in 
the time of king James; for heſe latter lines in praiſe of 5 1 
the queen, as well as the whole of the compliment to the of 
king; might have been added after his acceflion to the ö 
throne, in order to bring the ſpeaker' back to the object 
immediately before him, the infant Elizabeth. And this 
Mr. Theobald conjectured to have been the caſe. I do | | 
not, however, ſee any nece//ity fur this ſuppoſition ; as # 
there is nothing, in my apprehenſion, contained in any 1 
of the lines in praiſe of the queen, incohſiſtent with the 

notion of the avhole of the panegyrick on her having been 
compoſed in her life-time. . 

In further confirmation of what has been here advanced 

to ſnew that this play was probably written while queen 
Elizabeth was yet alive, it may be obſerved, (to uſe the 7 
words of an anonymous writer, ©) that“ Shakſpeate has | 
caſt the diſagreeable parts of her farber's Character as 
much into ſhade as poſſible; that he has reprefented him 
as greatly diſpleaſed with the grievances ef his ſubjeRs, 
and ordering them to be relieved; tender and obligiag 
[in the early part of the play] to his queen, grateful to 
the cardinal, and in. the caſe of Cranmer, capable of 
diſtinguiſhing and rewarding true metit.”” Ie has 
exerted (adds the {ame authour) an equal degree of com- 
plaiſance, by the amiable lights in which he has ſhewn 
the mother of Elizabeth. Anne Bullen 1s repreſented as 
affected with the moſt tender concern for the ſufferings of 
her miſtreſs, queen Catharine; receiving the honour the 


Camden, 27. Melvil, 49. 
© The authour of Shakſpeare IIluſtrated. : 
x 5 king 


4 3236 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


king confers on her, by making her marchioneſs of 
Pembroke, with a graceful humility ; and more anxi- 
ous to conceal her advancement from the queen, leſt 
it ſhould aggravate her ſorrows, than ſolicitous to pene- 
4 | trate into the meaning of ſo extraordinary a favour, 
4 | or of indulging herſelf in the flattering proſpect of future 
| = royalty.“ 5 a ; 5 
It is unneceſſary to quote particular paſſages in ſupport 
of theſe aſſertions; but the following lines, which are 
ſpoken of Anne Boleyn by the Lord Chamberlain, appear 
. to me ſo evidently calculated' for the ear 'of Elizabeth, 
| (to whom ſuch incenſe was by no means diſpleaſing, ) that 
I cannot forbear to tranſcribe them: | «Se 


« She is a. gallant creature, and complete | 
. In mind and feature. I perſuade me, from har 
4 Vill fall ſome bleſſing to this land, which ſhall 
4 In it be memorix d. | 
Again : 
I have peruſed her well; 
«© Beauty and honour are in her ſo mingled, | 
3 That they have caught the king: and who knows yet, 


« But from this lady may proceed a gem 
e To lighten all this ifle.”? 4 


Our authour had produced ſo many plays in the pre- 

| | ceding years, that it is not likely that King Henry VIII. 

was written before 1601. It might perhaps with equal 

| | propriety be aſcribed to 1602, and it is not eaſy to deter- 
mine in which of thoſe years it was compoſed; but it is 

extremely probable that it was written in one of them. 
It was not printed till 1623. N 1 GS 

| A poem, called the Lite and Death of Thomas Wol- 

| | ſey, Cardinal, which was entered on the books of the 

| Stationers? company, and publiſhed, in the year 1599, 

perhaps ſuggeſted this ſubje& to Shakſpeare. | 

| He had alſo certainly read Churchyard's Legend of 

= | Cardinal Wolſey, printed in The Mirroar for Magiſtrates, 

| 157. ret ot . 


c Have 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 337 


re Have we ſome ſtrange Indian with the great tool 
come to court, the women ſo beſiege us, ſays the Porter 
in the laſt act of this play. This note of time may per- 
haps hereafter ſerve to aſcertain the date of this piece, 
though 1 cannot avail myſelf of it, not having been 
able to diſcover to what circumſtance Shakſpeare here 
alludes. | 

A play entitled The Life and Death of Lord Cromwell, 
was publiſhed at London in 1602. In the title-page it 
is ſaid to be written byW. S. ; letters which undoubredly 
were inſerted to deceive the reader, and to induce him 


to ſuppoſe that the piece was written by Shakſpeare, as a 


kind of ſequel to his Henry VIII. This circumſtance may 
ſerve in ſome meaſure to confirm my conjecture that King 
Henry VIII. had been exhibited in the preceding year- 
 Rowley's King Henry VIII. was publithed in 1605, pro- 
bably with a view that it alſo might be confounded with 
Shakſpeare's drama; and both it and Lord Cromwell 
were re-printed with the ſame fraudulent intention in 
1613, in which year our authour's play was revived with 
great ſplendour, 

The Globe play-houſe, we are told by the continuator 
of Stowe's Chronicle, was burnt down, on St. Peter's 
day, in the year 1613, while the play of K. Henry VIII. 
was exhibiting. Sir Henry Wotton, (as Mr. Tyrwhitt 
has obſerved,) ſays in one of his letters, that this accident 
happened during the exhibition of a zew play, called Al. 
7s True; which, however, appears both from Sir Henry's 
minute deſcription of the piece, and from the account 
given by Stowe's continuator, to have been our authour's 
play of K. Heary VIII. If indeed Sir H. Wotton was 


accurate in calling it a zew play, all the foregoing rea- 


ſoning on this ſubje& would be at once overthrown ; and 
this piece, inſtead of being aſcribed to 1601, ſhould have 
been placed twelve years later. But I ftrongly ſuſpect 
that the only novelty attending this play, in the year 
1613, was its title, decorations, and perhaps the pro- 


logue and epilogue. The Elector Palatine was in London 


in that year; and it appears from the ML, regiſter of 
Vol. I. L* lord 


. 


. a n ry 
* 7 2 —_— 


— 


2 n 2 1 n „ 


title of Cæſar s Tragedy. 


338 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


lord Harrington, treaſurer of the chambers to K. James J. 
that many of our authour's plays were then exhibited for 
the entertainment of him and the princeſs Elizabeth. By 
the ſame regiſter we learn, that the titles of many of 
them were changed in that year. Princes are fond of 


opportunities to diſplay their magnificence before ſtran- 


gers of diſtinction; and James, who on his arrival here 
muſt have been dazzled by a ſplendour foreign to the 
poverty of his native kingdom, might have been peculi- 
arly ambitious to exhibit before his ſon-1n-law the 
mimick pomp of an Engliſh coronation *. K. Henry VIII. 
therefore, after having lain by for ſome years unacted, on 


account of the coſtlineſs of the exhibition, might have 


been revived in 1613, under the title of All is True, with 
new decorations, and a new prologue and epilogne. Mr. 
Tyrwhitt obſerves, that the prologue has two or three 
direct references to this title; a circumſtance which au- 
thorizes us to conclude, almoſt with certainty, that it 
was an occaſional production, written ſome years after 
the compoſition of the play. King Henry VIII. not being 
then printed, the fallacy of calling it a new play on its 


revival was not eaſily detected. 


Dr. Johnſon long ſince ſuſpected, from the contemptu- 
ous manner in which zhe noiſe of targets, and the felloau 
in à long motley coat, or, in other words, moſt of our 
authour's plays, are ſpoken of, in this prologue, that it 
was not the compoſition of Shakſpeare, but written after 
his departure from the ſtage, on ſome accidental revival 


7 Thus, Henry IV. P. I. was called Hotſpur; Henry IF. P. II. or 
The Merry Wives of Windſor, was exhibited under the name of Sir 
Mos Falftaff'; Much: ado about Nothing was new-named Benedick and 

eatrix, and Fulius Cæſar ſeems to have been repreſented under the 

8 The Prince Palatine was not preſent at the repreſentation of 
K. Henry VIIT. on the 3oth of- June O. S. when the, Globe play- 
houſe was burnt down, having left England ſome time before, But 
the play might have been revived for his entertainment in the begin- 
ning of the year 1613 ; and might have been occafionally: repreſented 
afterwards, | | | : | . 

3 of 


* +% q 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS, 33g [ 

of King Henry VIII. by Ben Jonſon, whoſe ſtyle, it ſeem- | 1 
ed to him to reſemble®, Dr, Farmer is of the ſame i 
| 1 55 opinion, 1 


9 In ſupport of this conjecture it „ Jonſon 
has in many places endeavoured to ridicule, our authour for repreſent- ; 
ing battles on the ſtage. So, in his prologue to Every Man in bis, | 


Humour: my 1 4H „ 
6 et ours, for want, hath not ſo lov'd the ſtage, # 
cc As he dare ſerve the / cuſtoms of the age k 
« Or purchaſe your delight at ſuch a rate 


« As, for it, he himſelf muſt juſtly hate; 
& To make, &c. (> eres i 45 5 
cc or with three ruſty ſwords,, , ö 

And help of ſome few foot-and-half-foot words, 

« Fight over York and Lancaſter's long jars, 

p « And in the tyring bouſe bring wounds to ſcars.” 
Again, in his Silent Woman, AQ IV. ſc. iu. 
« Nay, I would fit out a play, that were nothing but fights at ſea, 
drum, trumpet, and target. De x | 4 

| We are told in the memoirs of Ben Jonſon's life, that he went to 

* France in the year 1613. But at the time of the revival of King 
Henry VIII. he either had not left England, or was then returned; 
for he was a ſpectator of the fire which happened at the Globe theatre 
during the repreſentation of that piece. [See the next note] 

It may, perhaps, ſeem extraordinary, that he ſhould have preſumed 
to prefix this covert cenſure of Shakſpeare to one of his own. plays. 
But he appears to haye eagerly. embraced every opportunity of de- 
pretiating him. This occaſional prologue (whoever was the Writer 
of it) confirms the tradition handed down by Rowe, that our authour , 
retired from the, ſtage ſome years before his death. Had he been at 
that time joined E Lt Burbage in the management of the , 
Globe theatre, he ſcarcely weuld have ſuffered the lines above alluded 
to, to have been ſpoken. In lord Harrington's account of the money 
diſburſed for the plays, that were exhibited by his majeſty's ſervants, in., 
the year 1613, before the Elector Palatinę, all the payments are, ſaid , 
to have been made to © Fobn Heminge, for himſelf and the reſt of his 
fellows ;** from which we may conclude hat he was then the principal. 
manager. A correſpondent, however, of Sir Thomas Puckering's, (as 
I learn from Mr. Tyrwhitt) in a MC. letter, preſerved in the Muſeum, . 
and dated in the year 1613, calls the company at the Globe, „Beur- 
bage's company. —Shakſpeare's name ſtands before either of theſe, 
in the licence granted by K. James; and had he not left London 
before that time, the players at the Globe theatre, Limagine,. would. 
rather have been entitled, his company. — The burleſque parody on the , 
account of, Falſtaff*s death, which is contained in Fletcher's comedy of 
the Captain, acted in 1613, and the ridicule of Hamlet's celebrated 
1 ſoliloguy, 


— — — - 


340 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


opinion, and thinks he ſees ſomething of Jonſon's hand, 
here and there, in the dialogue alſo. After our authour's 
retirement to the country, Jonſon was perhaps employed 
to give a novelty to the piece by a new title and pro- 
logue, and to furniſn the managers of the Globe with a 
deſcription of the coronation ceremony, .and of thoſe 
other decorations, with which, from his connection with 
Inigo Jones, and his attendance at court, he was peculi- 
arly converſant. | 4s . 
The piece appears to have been revived with ſome 
degree of ſplendour; for Sir Henry Wotton gives a very 
pompous account of the repreſentation. The unlucky 
accident that happened to the houſe during the exhibi- 
tion, was occaſioned by diſcharging ſome ſmall pieces, 


called chambers, on King Henry's arrival at cardinal 


Wolſey's gate at Whitehall, one of which, being inju- 
diciouſly managed, ſet fire to the thatched roof of the 
theatre. | ; | | | 

The 


ſoliloquy, and of Ophelia's death, in his Scornful Lady, which was 
repreſented about the ſame time, confirm the tradition that our authour 
had then retired from the ſtage, careleſs of the fate of his writings, 
inattentive to the illiberal attacks of his contemporaries, and negligent 
_ alike of preſent and poſthumous fame. 

Since the above note was written, I have feen the mortgage which 
is printed in a preceding page, and was executed by Shakſpeare in 
March 1612-13. From this deed we find that he was in London in 
that year : he might, however, have parted with his property in the 
theatre before. | ae | - 

1 The Globe theatre (as I learn from the Mſs. of Mr. Oldys) was 
thatched with reeds, and had an open area in its center. This area 
we may ſuppoſe to have been filled by the loweſt part of the audience, 
whom Shakſpeare calls the groundlings.—-Chambers are not, like other 
guns, pointed horizontally, but are diſcharged as they ſtand ere on 
their breeches. The accident may, therefore, be eaſily accounted for. 
If theſe pieces were let off behind the ſcenes, the paper or wadding with 
which their charges were conſined, would reach the thatch on the in- 
ſide; or if fixed without the walls, it might have been carried by the 
wind to the top of the roof. | 

This accident is alluded to, in the following lines of Ben Jonſon's 

E xecration upon Vulcan, from which it appears, that he was at the 
Globe playhouſe when it was burnt; a circumſtance which in ſome 
meaſure ſtrengthens the conjecture that he was employed on the revival 
FF ED *\ of 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS, 341 


The play, thus revived and new-named, was probably 
called, in the bills of that time, a new play; whic 
might have led Sir Henry Wotton to deſcribe it as ſuch. 
And thus his account may be reconciled with that of the 
other contemporary writers, as well as with thoſe argu- 
ments which have been here urged in ſupport of the early | 
date of King Henry VIII. Every thing has been fully 
ſtated on each ſide of the queſtion. 'The reader muſt 1 

judge. | 

Mr. Roderick in his notes on our authour, (appended 
to Mr, Edwards's Canons of Criticiſm, ) takes notice of 
ſome peculiarities in the metre of the play before us; 
VIZ. ** that there are many more verſes in it than in any | 
other, which end with a redundant ſyllable,” “e very 
near two lo one, — and that ** the ce/ure or pauſes of the 


ALLE ww ma art oo Ab > WIS Re tm 7 


— — — - 


=. 


— 
———_— 


1 — <> n= 
_ — 


of King Henry VIII. for this was not the theatre at which his pieces 
were ulually repreſented: | | 
1 «« Well fare the wiſe men yet on the Bank- ſide, | 


— 


* 


« My friends, the watermen ! they could provide | 
« Againſt thy fury, when, to ſerve their needs, ; 
« They made a Vulcan of a ſheaf of reeds; 
«© Whom they durſt handle in their holy-day coats, 1 
« And ſafely truſt to dreſs, not burn, their boats. 3 
«© But O thoſe reeds! thy mere diſdain of them | I 
c Made thee beget that cruel ſtratagem, | 
« (Which ſome are pleas'd to ſtyle but thy mad prank, ) I 
4 Apainſt the Globe, the glory of the Bank: 
<6 Which, though it were the fort of the whole pariſh, 
« Flank'd with a ditch, and forc'd out of a mariſh, 
« T ſaw with two poor chambers taken in, | 
«6 And raz'd ; ere thought could urge this might have been 
tc See the world's ruins J nothing but the piles 
Left, and-wit ſince to cover it with tiles. 
66 The breth'rea, they ſtraight nois'd it out for news, 
« *Twas verily ſome relick of the ſtews, 
cc And this a ſparkle of that fire let looſe, 
«© That was lock'd up in the Wincheſtrian gooſe, 
4 Bred on the Bank in time of popery, 
cc When Venus there maintain'd her myſtery, 
« But others fell, with that conceit, by the ears, 
« And cried, it was a threat'ning to the bears, 
4% And that accurſed ground, the Paris-garden,” &c. 


[T3] _— 


— — —— ———— — —- 


342 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


verſe are full as remarkable.” The redundancy, &c. 
obſerved by this critick, Mr. Steevens thinks (a re- 
mark, which, having omitted to introduce in its pro- 
per place, he defires me to inſert here,) “ was rather 
the effect of chance, than of deſign in the authour ; 
and might have ariſen either from the negligence of 
Shakſpeare, who in this play has borrowed whole 
ſcenes and ſpeeches from Holinſhed, whoſe words he 
was probably in too much haſte to compreſs into 
verſification ſtrictly regular and harmonious ; or from 
the interpolations of Ben Jonſon, 'whoſe hand Dr. 
Farmer thinks" he occaſionally perceives in the dia- 


* 


lonye:”” 
Whether Mr. Roderick's poſition be well founded, is 


hardly worth a conteſt ; but the peculiarities which he 
has animadverted on, (if ſuch there be) add probability 
to the conjecture that this piece underwent ſome altera- 
tions, after it had paſſed out of the hands of Shak- 
ſpeare. 5 Sn OY 


23. TRoILUS AND CRESSIDA, 1602. 


Troilus and Creſſida was entered at Stationers? hall, 
Feb. 7, 1602-3, under the title of The booke of Troilus 
and Creſſida, by J. Roberts, the printer of Hamlet, Thy 
Merchant of Venice, and 4 Midjummer-Night's Dream. 
It was therefore, probably, written in 1602. It was 
printed in 1609, with the title of The Hiftory of Troylus 
and Creſſida, with a preface by the editor, who ſpeaks 
of it as if it had not been then ated. But it is entered 
in 1602-3, ag acted by my Lord Chamberlen's men.” 
The players at the Globe theatre, to which Shakſpeare 
belonged, were called rhe Lord Chamberlain's ſervants, 
till the year 1603. In that year they obtained a licence 
for their exhibitions from king James; and from that 
time they bore the more honourable appellation of 15 
majefty's ſervants: | There can, therefore, be little 
doubt, that the Troilus and Creffida which is here en- 
tered, as acted at Shakſpeare's theatre, was his play, 

: os | and 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 343 
and was, if not repreſented, intended to have been 
repreſented there *. | | 

Perhaps the two diſcordant accounts, relative to this 
piece, may be thus reconciled. It might have been per- 
formed in 1602 at court, by the lord chamberlain's ſer- 
vants, (as many plays at that time were, ) and yet not 
have been exhibited on the publick ſtage till ſome years | 
afterwards. The editor in 1609 only ſays, ** it had 
never been ſtaled with the Hage, never clapperclaw'd 
with the palms of the vulgar.” | | 

As a further proof of the early appearance of Troilus 
and Creſſida, it may be obſerved, that an incident in it 
ſeems to be burleſqued in a comedy entitled Hiſtriomaſtiæ, 
which, though not printed till 1610, muſt have been 
written before the death of queen Elizabeth, who, ip 
the laſt act of the piece, is ſhadowed under the character 
of Aſtræa, and is ſpoken of as then living. 

In our authour's play, when Troilus and Creſſida part, 
he gives her his ſleeve, and ſhe, in return, preſents him 
with her glove. | 

Io this circumſtance theſe lines in Hifriomaſtix ſeem 
to refer. They are ſpoken by Troilus and Creſſida, who 
are e der in an interlude: 


Toi. Come, Creſſida, my creſſet light, 
| „Thy face doth ſhine both day and night. 
cc Behold, behold, % garter blue 
« Thy knight his valiant-elbow aueares, 
6 That, when he ſhakes his furious ſpeare, 
6e The foe in ſhivering fearful ſort 
May lay him down in death to ſnort. 
Cre], © O knight, with valour in thy face, 
Here take my ſtreene, weare it for grace; 
„ Within thy helmet put the ſame, 
«© 'Therewith to make thy enemies lame.“ 


2 No other play with this title has come down to us. We have 
therefore a right to conclude that the play entered in the books of t he 
Stationers company, was Shakſpeare s. 


[Y 4] 8 


344 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


In Much ado about nothing Troilus is mentioned as 
the firſt employer of pandars.“ Shakſpeare, therefore, 
probably had read Chaucer's poem before the year 1600, 
when that play was printed. | 
In Cymbeline it is ſaid, that 


« Therſites? body is as good as Ajax”, 
© When neither are alive.“ 


This ſeems to import a precedent knowledge of Ajax 
and Therſites, and in this light may be regarded as a 
preſumptive proof that Troilus and Crefida was written 
before Cymbeline, Boe: | 

Dryden ſuppoſed Troilus and Crefjida to have been one 
of Shakſpeare's earlieſt performances; but has not 
mentioned on what principles he founded his judgment. 
Pope, on the other hand, thought it one of his laſt; 
grounding his opinion not only on the preface by the 
editor in 1609, ny on * the great number of obſerva- 
tions both moral and political with which this piece is 
crowded, more than any other of our authour's.“ For 
my own part, were it not for the entry in the Stationers? 
books, 1 ſhould have been led, both by the colour of the 
writing and by the above-mentioned preface, to claſs it 
(though not one of our authour's happieſt effuſions) in 
1608, rather than in that year in which it is here placed. 


24. MEeasuURE FOR MrasuRE, 1603. 


This play was not regiſtered at Stationers' hall, nor 

rinted, till 1623. But from two paſſages in it, which 
ſeem intended as a courtly apology for the ſtately and 
ungracious demeanour of King James I. on his entry into 
England, it appears probable that it was written not 
long after his acceſſion to the throne : 


3 c The tragedy which I have undertaken to correct, was in all 
probability, one of his frf#t endeawours on the ſtage. —Shakſpeare (as 
I hinted) in the wg ans of bis writing modelled it | the ſtory of 
Lollius] into that play which is now called by the name of Troilus and 
Creſſida. - Dryden's pref, to Troilus and Crefſidas ET 
: Pte l AT « PN 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 345 


« Pl privily away. I love the people, 
«© But do not like to ſtage me to their eyes. 
Though it do well, I do not reliſh well 
4 Their loud applauſe, and aves vehement; 
«© Nor do I think the man of ſafe diſcretion 
That does affect it.” Mea/. for Meaſ. Act I. ſc. i. 


Again, Act II. ſc. iv. | 
cc | — — 80 : | 
The general, ſubje& to a well-wiſh'd king, 
© Quit their own part, and in obſequious fondneſs 


* Croud to his prefence, where their untaught love 
<< Muſt needs appear offence “.“ tr 


King James was /o much offended by the untaught, and, 
we may add, undeſerved, gratulations of his ſubjects, on 
his entry into England, that he iſſued a proclamation, 
forbidding the people to reſort to him.—** Afterwards,” 
ſays the hiſtorian of his reign, ** 1n his publick appear- 
ances, eſpecially in his ſports, the acceſles of the people 
made him ſo impatient, that he often diſperſed them 
with frowns, that we may not ſay with car/es 5. | 

It is obſervable throughout our authour's plays, that he 
does not ſcruple to introduce Engliſh ſigns, habits, cuſ- 
toms, names, &c. though the ſcene of his drama lies in 
a foreign country ; and that he has frequent alluſions to 
the circumſtances of the day, though the events which 
form the ſubje& of his piece are ſuppoſed to have hap- 
pened a thouſand years before. Thus, in Coriolanus, Hob 
and Dic4 are plebeians; and the Romans toſs their caps 
in the air, with the ſame expreſſion of feſtivity which our 
poet's contemporaries diſplayed in Stratford or London. 
In Tavelfth Night we hear of the bed of Ware, and the 
bells of Saint Bennet; and in The Taming of the Shrew 
the Pega/us, a ſign of a publick houſe in Cheapſide in 
the time of Queen Elizabeth, is hung up in a town in 


4 See Mr, Tyrwhitt's note. 8 
Wilſon's Hi. of K. James, ad ann. 1603. 


Italy. 


346 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


Italy. In Hamlet the Prince of Denmark and Guilden- 
ſtern hold a long converſation concerning the children of 
the Chapel and St. Pauls'. The opening of the preſent 
play, viewed in this light, furniſhes an additional argu- 
ment in ſupport of the date which I have aſſigned to it. 
When King James came to the throne of England, March 
24, 1602-3, he found the kingdom engaged in a war 
with Spain, which had laſted near twenty years. Hea- 
ven grant us his peace!“ ſays a gentleman to Lucio, 
Akt I. ſc. ii.; and We the bawd laments, that 
„ what with e war, what with the ſweat, ſhe was 
cuſtom-ſhrunk.*”” Suppoſing theſe two paſſages to relate 
to our authour's own time, they almoſt deciſively prove 
Meaſure for Meaſure to have been written in 1603; when 
the war was not yet ended, as the latter words ſeem to 
imply, and when there was ſome proſpe of peace, as the 
former ſeem to intimate. Our Britith Solomon very ſoon 
after his acceſſion to the throne manifeſted his pacifick 
diſpoſition, though the peace with Spain was not pro- 
claimed till the 19th of Auguſt, 1604. 

By the faveat, conſidering who the ſpeaker is, it is 
probable that the diſorder moſt fatal to thoſe of her pro- 
feſſion was intended. However, the plague was ſome- 
times ſo called; and perhaps the dreadful peſtilence of 
1603 was meant; which carried off in the month of July 
in that year 857 perſons, and in the whole year 30,578 
perſons : that is, one fifth part of the people in the me- 
tropolis; the total number of the inhabitants of London 
being at that time about one hundred and fifty thouſand. 
If ſuch was the alluſion, it likewiſe confirms the date 
attributed to this play. | | 

Some part of this laſt argument in confirmation of the 
date which I had aſſigned ſome years ago to the comedy 
before us, I owe to Mr. Capell; and while 1 acknowledge 
the obligation, it 1s but juſt to add, that it is the only 
one that I mer with, which in the ſmalleſt degree could 
throw any light on the preſent inquiry into the dates of 
dur authour's plays, 5 


« In the dry deſert of ten thouſand lines; 
14 5 N after 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 347 


after wading through two ponderous volumes in quarto, 
written in a ſtyle manifeſtly formed on that of the Clown 
in the comedy under our conſideration, whoſe narratives, 
we are told, were calculated to laſt out a night in Ruffa, 
avhen nights are at the longeſt. 

In the year 1604, ſays Wilſon the hiftorian, „ the 
ſword and buckler trade being out of date, diverſe ſects of 
vitious perſons, under the title of roaring boys, brawa- 
does, royſters, &c. commit many inſolencies; the ſtreets 
ſwarm night and day with quarrels: private duels are 
fomented, eſpecially between the Engliſh and Scotch: 
and great feuds between proteſtants and papiſts.? A 
proclamation was publiſhed to reſtrain theſe enormities; 
which proving ineffectual, the legiſlature interpoſed, and 
the act commonly called the ſtatute of ſtabbing, 1 ſac. I. 
c. 8. was made. This ſtatute, as Sir Michael Forſter 
obſerves, was principally intended to put a ſtop to the 
outrages above enumerated, committed by perſons of 
inflammable ſpirits and deep reſentment, who, wearing 
ſhort daggers under their cloaths, were too well prepared 
to do quick and effectual execution upon provocations 
extremely ſlight.” King James's firſt parliament met on 
the 19th of March, 1603-4, and ſat till the 7th of July 
following. From the time of James's acceſſion to the 
throne great animoſity ſubſiſted between the Engliſh and 
Scotch; and many of the outrageous acts which gave 
riſe to the ftatute of ſtabbing, had been committed 
in the preceding year, about the end of which year 
I ſuppole Meaſure for Meajure to have been written. 
The enumeration made by the Clown, in the fourth act, 
of the perſons who were confined with him in the prifon, 
is an additional confirmation of the date aſſigned to 
it. Of ten priſoners whom he names, four are ſtabbers, 
or duelliſts: * Maſter Starve-lacky, the rapier and 
dagger man, young Drop-heir that Kill'd luſty Pudding, 
Maiter Forth-right, the tilter, and wild Half-can that 
ET. . | 

That Meaſure for Meaſure was written before 1607, 
may be fairly concluded from the following paſſage in a 


4.6 
4 
1 
7 
* , { 
* 1 
L136 4 
7% iP, F 
N : 
4 1 
1 
#; 
| 
1 


— <- —— 


— 


— — — — — — 
—— 


— 
— — 2 of 
m—_— gee 
bY, = 

— — 


* 
. I a6. 1s ” , - m4 4 * 2 — 1 
- - I” = — ——_—_ : > 2+ E 2 3 2 
— — * * 6 "£3 2. = 2 - 2 2 * - - - 7 
— — 85 2 * — „ ++ * — 1 
2 1 < * - C 5 * * LA Wy .- 82 4, - 22 , 2 
o ** 1 _— - m_ Y 
D r 2 * 4 PR - * * , 
EXX Ez 
* 4s. a 1. — 4 — 
. 2 A — - . ] 
. — * * 
- * - 22 > 
- = — ” — 
_ W 2 
- — * gn 


mz 1 
A” 5 


r 
— — — — — — 


NT : _ a 0 bo . 


—— 


343 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


Poem publiſhed in that year, which we have good ground 
to believe was copied from a ſimilar thought in this play, 
as the authour, at the end of his piece, profeſſes a per- 
ſonal regard for Shakſpeare, and highly praiſes his Venus 


and Adonis * 


4 So play the fooliſh hHrongs with one that /avoors ; 

«© Come all to he/p him, and ſo ſtop the air 

«© By which he ſhould revive.” 
Meaſ. for Meaſ. Act II. ſc. iv. 


„And like as when ſome ſudden extaſie 
« Seizeth the nature of a ſicklie man; h 
«© When he's diſcern'd to fwourne, ftraite by and by 
Folke to his he/pe confuſedly have ran; 
4 And ſeeking with their art to fetch him backe, 
«© So many zhrerxg, that he the ayre doth lacke.”” 
Myrrha, the Mother of Adonis, or Luſte's Prodigies, 
by William Barkſted, a poem, 1607. 


25. The WinTER's TaLE, 1604. 


Greene's Doraftus and Fawnia, from which the plot of 
this play was taken, was publiſhed in 1588. | 

The Winter's Tale was not entered on the Stationers? 
books, nor printed till 1623, It was acted at court 
in 16135, | : | 


4 See the verſes alluded to, ante, p. 251, n. 4. This writer does 
not ſeem to have been very ſcrupulous about adopting either the 
thoughts or expreſſions of his contemporaries; for in his poem are 


Found two lines taken verbatim from Marſton's Inſatiate Counteſs, 


printed four years before Myrrba the Mother of Adonis, &c. 
c Night, like a maſque, was enter'd heaven's great hall, 
« With thouſand torches uſhering the way.” 

It appears from Ben Jonſon's Silent Woman, that W. Barkſted was 
an actor, and was employed in the theatre where our authour's plays 
were repreſented, He might therefore have performed a part in Mea- 
ſure for Meaſure,. or have ſeen the copy before it was printed. 

5 Mſ. of the late Mr. Vertue.— The Tempeſt was repreſented at the 
ſame time before the king. Hence probably they were both ridiculed 
by Ben Jonſon in his Bartbolomewo Fair, acted in the following Fo 

| N 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 349 
In the firſt edition of this eſſay I ſuppoſed The Winter*s 


Tale to have been written in 1594. ; an errour (as it now 
appears to me) into which I was led by an entry in the 
Stationers? regiſters dated May 22, in that year, of a 
piece entitled 4 Winter-Night's Paſtime, which I ima- 
gined might have been this play under another ,name, 


the titles of our authour's plays having been ſometimes 


changed S. | | 

The opinion, however, which I gave on this ſubject, 
was by no means a decided one. I then mentioned that 
Mr. Walpole thought, that this play was intended by 
Shakſpeare as an indirect apology for Anne Bullen, in 
which light it might be conſidered as a Second Part to 
King Henry VIII.; and that my reſpe& for that very 
judicious and ingenious writer, the ſilence of Meres, 
in whoſe catalogue of our authour's dramas publiſhed in 
1598 the play before us 1s not found, and the circum- 
ſtance of there not being a ſingle rhyming couplet 


throughout this piece, except in the chorus, made me 


doubt whether it ought not rather to be aſcribed to the 
year 1601 or 1602, than that in which I then placed it.“ 
The doubts which I then entertained, a more attentive 
examination of this play has confirmed; and I am now 
perſuaded that it was not near fo early a compoſition as 
the entry above-mentioned led me to ſuppoſe. | 
Mr. Walpole has obſerved?, that“ The Winter's Tale 
may be ranked among the hiſtorick plays of Shakſpeare, 
though not one of his numerous criticks and commenta- 
tors have diicovered the drift of it. It was certainly 
intended (in compliment to. Queen Elizabeth) as an 
indirect apology tor her mother Anne Boleyn. The 
addrefs of the poet appears no where to more advantage. 
The ſubject was too delicate to he exhibited on the ſtage 
without a veil ; and it was too recent, and touched the 
queen too nearly, for the bard to have ventured ſo home 


6 Thus, Hamlet was ſometimes called Hamlet's Revenge, ſometimes 
The Hiſtory of Hamlet; The Merchant of Venice was ſometimes called 
| The Few of Venice, &. See p. 338, n. 7. 
7 Hiftorick Douòti. 

| an 


L 
1 * : 1 * 1 e 
— — "> ERS _ -. 
* * <7 k Pi „ — * 1 — bs 4 
* - — 
* * — IS „ 
- - 
PO = =D 
— 2 —— —•—ũ— — * mW -Y * — 
5 L * — 2 1 « 
as — ” _ 
. — * 1 11 — 
. — — — — 
- 
: . -4 
- — * 


ä — 
- — — 


ts 
i. f 
Wt, 
= — 
11 10 a 
1 
14 0 . 7 
x 1 
1 | 
28” 
! : 
TIS 7 
1 4 1 
; 
„ 
n : 
1 
t : 
1 
| 
4 


356% CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 
an alluſion on any other ground than compliment. The 


in conſequence, form a true portrait of Henry the Eighth, 


who generally made the law the engine of his boiſterous 
paſhons... Not only the general plan of the ſtory is moſt 
applicable, but ſeveral paſſages are ſo marked, that they 


touch the real hiſtory nearer than the fable. Hermiqne 
on her trial ſays, 3 
ß pſor honour, 
„ Tis a derivative from me to mine, 
„And only that I ſtand for.“ 


®F- 3 > L IIS & <0: 448 5d IEEE 35: +45 an At * 
This ſcems to be taken from the very letter of Anne 
Boleyn to the king before her execution, when ſhe pleads 


eee 2 
for the infant princeſs, his 98 Mamillius, a young 
prince, an unneceſſary charaè 


paſſage, and which had nothing to do in the tragedy, 
but as it pictured Elizabeth, is, where Paulina deſcrib- 


ing the new-born princeſs, and her likeneſs to her father, 


another 


$44.4 


. Fd has 10 EG his frown,” There is 
entence indeed ſo applic 


8 


* * 


after, ber death. Paulina, ſpeaking of the child, tells 


the king, . 
„% Tis youre. 


* 


And, might we lay the old proverb to your charge, 


« So like you, tis the worſe.“ 


This conjecture muſt, I think, be acknowledged to 


be extremely plaufible. With reſpe&, however, to the 


death of the young prince Mamillius, which is ſuppoſed 
to allude to Queen Anne's haying had a ſtill- born ſon, it 


is but fair to obſerve, that this circumſtance was not an 
invention of our poet, being founded on a ſimilar inci- 
dent in Lodge's Doraftus and Fawnia, in which Garan- 
ter, the Mamillius of The Hinter's Tale, likewiſe dies in 
his infancy, But this by no means diminyhes the _ 
: = | F 


unreaſonable jealouſy of Leontes, and his violent conduct 


anne er, dies in his infancy; 
but it confirms the alluſion, as queen Anne, before 
Elizabeth, had a ſtill-born ſon. But the moſt ſtriking 


er ſentence indeed io applicable, both to Elizabeth 
and her father, that I ſhould ſuſpe& the poet inſerted it 


nnn 


* 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 357 

ef the hypotheſis which has been juſt now ſtated; it only 
ſhews, that Shakſpeare was not under the neceſſity of 
twiſting the ſtory to his purpoſe, and that this as well as 
the many other correſponding circumſtances” between the 
fictitious narrative of Bellaria, (the Hermione'of the pre- 
ſent play) and the real hiſtory of the mother of Elizabeth, 
| al moſt forced the ſubje& upon him. . % 
| Sir William Blackſtone has pointed out a paſſage in 
the firſt act of this play, which had eſcaped my ob- 
ſervation, and which, as he juſtly obſerves, furniſhes a 
proof that it was not written till after the death of queen 
Elizabeth: c 85 

6 If I could find example 1 000 

Of thouſands, that had ſtruck anointed kings, 

« And flouriſh'd after, I'd not do it; but ſince 

Nor braſs, nor ſtone, nor parchment, bears not one, 

Let villainy itſelf forfarar itt. 


+ 'Thefe lines could never have been intended for the 
ear of her who had deprived the queen of Scots of her 
life. To the fon of Mary-they could not- but have been 

agreeable. „„ oe) 5 
If we ſuppoſe with Mr. Walpole that this play was 
intended as a compliment to Queen Elizabeth, it ought 
rather to be attributed to the year 1602, than that in 
which I have placed it: but the paſſage laſt quoted is 
inconſiſtent with ſuch a date. Mr. Walpole himſelf alſo 
has quoted ſome lines, which he thinks could not have 
been inſerted till after the death of Elizabeth. Perhaps 
our authour lay'd the ſcheme of the play in the very year 
in which the queen died, and -finiſhed- it in the next. 
This is the only ſuppoſition that J know of, by which 
theſe diſcordancies can be reconciled. I have therefore 
arte f. mp l ù jj | 
In that year was entered on the Stationers* books A 
ſtrange reporte of a monftrous fiſb, that appeared in the form 
of a woman from her waiſt upward, ſeene in the ſea.“ 
To this perhaps the poet alludes, when he makes An- 
tolycus produce a ballad “ Of a #/ that appeared _ 
the 


1 
my 
112 
1 
' 
N 
N 
i 


* 
F 
4 g : 
1 
- 
uw 
14 . 
77 
: 
: p : 
0 i 
| ry 
$$, . 
* : 
2 „ 
1 
je N 
* 
8 * * : A 
: 4 N b 
q . : i 
1 : 'S. 
4 , \ j 9 
Rr | 
1 * ö 
* 
= * 
* 


— 


—— vow LT 


— — — * * 


te ů T—„-— — — 
—D = N 


8 
—— — 
WT SF 
3 3 
— 
<< of * 


352 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


the coaſt, on Wedneſday the fourſcore of April, forty 
thouſand fathom above water, and ſung this ballad againſt 
the hard hearts of maids : it was thought, He aas a abo- 
man, and was turn'd into a cold fiſn, &c. 


There is, ſays one of the characters in this piece, “ but 


one Puritan among them, and he ſings pſalms to horn- 
pipes. The preciſe manners of the puritans was at this 
time much ridiculed by proteſtants ; and the principal 
matters in diſpute between them (whether the ſurplice 
ſhould be uſed in the celebration of divine ſervice, the 
croſs in baptiſm, and the ring in marriage,) were gravely 
diſcuſſed at Hampton Court before the king, who ated 
as moderator, in the beginning of the year 1604. 
The points diſcuſſed on that occaſion were, without doubt, 
very popular topicks at that time; and every ſtroke at 
the Puritans, for whom King James had a hearty deteſta- 
tion, muſt have been very agreeable to him as well as to 


the frequenters of the theatre, againſt which that ſect in- 


veighed in the bittereſt terms. Shakſpeare, from vari- 
ous paſſages in his plays, ſeems to have entirely coincided 
in opinion with his majeſty, on this ſubject. 

The metre of The Winter's Tale appears to me leſs eaſy 


and flowing. than many other, of. our poet's dramas; and 


the phraſeology throughout to be more involved and 
parenthetical than any other of his plays. In this harſh- 
neſs of dition and involution of ſentences it ſtrongly 


reſembles Troilus and Creſſida, and King Henry the Eighth, 


which I ſuppoſe to have been written not long before. 


26, KINO Laax, 1605. 


The tragedy of King Lear was entered on the books 
of the Stationers' company, Nov. 26, 1607, and is there 
mentioned to have been played the preceding Chriſtmas, 
before his majeſty at Whitehall. But this, J conjecture, 
was not its firſt exhibition. It ſeems extremely probable 
that its firſt appearance was in March or April 1605; in 


which year the old play of King Leir, that had been 
entered at Stationers* hall in 1594, was printed by 


Simon 


* 
r TORTS Ry 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 353 
Simon Stafford, for John Wright, who, we may preſume, 


finding Shakſpeare's play ſucceſsful, hoped to palm the 


ſpurious one on the publick for his *. The old King Leir 
was entered on the Stationers* books, May 8, 1605, as 
it was lately ated. | „ 
HFarſnet's Declaration of Popiſh . from which 
Shakſpeare borrowed ſome fantaſtick names of ſpirits, 
mentioned in this play, was printed in 1603. Our au- 
thour's King Lear was not publiſhed till 1608. 

This play is aſcertained to have been written after the 
month of October, 1604, by a minute change which 
Shakſpeare made in a traditional line, put into the 
mouth of Edgar: 


c His word was ſtill, —Fie, foh, fum, 
«« I ſmell the blood of a Britiſßi man.“ 


The old metrical ſaying, which is found in one of 
Naſhe's pamphlets, printed in 1596, and in other books, 
»Was, 20 


ce Fy, „ 
6“ ſmell the blood of an Engliſhman.” 5 


Though a complete union of England and Scotland, 
which was projected in the firſt parliament that met after 
ames's acceſſion to the Engliſh throne, was not carried 
into effect till a century afterwards, the two kingdoms 
were united in name, and he was proclaimed king of 
Great Britain, October 24, 1604. | 


8 Shakſpeare has copied one of the paſſages in this old play. This 
he might have done, though we ſhould ſuppoſe it not to have been pub- 
liſhed till after his King Lear was written and acted ; for the old play 

had been in poſſeſſion of the ſtage for many years before 1605; and 


without doubt he had often ſeen it exhibited ; nor could he have found 


any difficulty in procuring a manuſcript copy of it, when he ſat down 
to write his own tragedy on the ſame ſubject. I ſuſpect, however, 
the old play had been publiſhed in 1594» 


22 7 4 — — 
- "— * - — * — 2 
* —— — — — » 3 *, — F 
5 * 

of Se — 4 — —_— 7; N 
ON 

— — 

— 
— R 


354 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 
| 27. CyYMBELINE, 1605, 


Cymbeline was not entered in the Stationers? books nor 
printed till 1623. It ſtands the laſt play in the earlieſt folio. 
edition; but nothing can be collected from thence, for 
the folio editors manifeſtly pay'd no attention to chrono- 
logical arrangement. Nor was this negligence peculiar 


to them: for in the folio collection of D*Avenant's works 
printed after his death, Albovine, king of the Lombards, 


one of his earlieſt plays, which had been publiſhed in 
quarto, in 1629, is placed at the end of the volume. 

I have found in Cymbeline little internal evidence by 
which its date might be aſcertained. ' Such evidence, 
however, as it furniſhes, induces me to aſcribe it to 


1605, after Shakſpeare had compoled King Lear, and 


before he had written Macbeth. The character of Edgar 
in King Lear is undoubtedly formed on that of Leonatus, 
the legitimate ſon of the blind king of Paphlagonia, in 


Sydney's Arcadia. Shakſpeare having occaſion to turn to 


that book while he was writing King Lear, the name of 
Leonatus adhered to his memory, and he has made it the 
name of one of the characters in Cymbeline. The ſtory of 
Lear lies 'near to that of Cymbeline in Holinſhed's 
Chronicle; and ſome account of Duncan and Macbeth 


is given incidentally in a ſubſequent page, not very 


diſtant from that gue of the volume which is allotted to 
the hiſtory of thoſe Britiſh kings. In Holinſhed's Scottiſh 
Chronicle we find a ſtory of one Hay, a huſbandman, 
who, with his two ſons, placed himſelf athwart a lane, 
and by this means ſtayed his flying countrymen ; which 
turned the battle againſt the Danes. This circumſtance, 
(which our poet has availed himſelf of in the fifth a& of 
the play before us,) connected with what has been already 
mentioned relative to Sydney's Arcadia, renders it pro- 
bable that the three plays of King Lear, Cymbeline, and 
Macbeth, were written about the ſame period of time, 
and in the order in which I have placed them. The 


hiſtory of King Duff, Duncan, and Macbeth, which 


Shakſpeare appears to have diligently read, 1 
| rom 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 358 
from p. 150 of Holinſhed's Scortiſb Chronicle to p. 176 
and the ſtory of Hay occurs in p. 154 of the ſame 
Chronicle. | . 
Mr. Steevens has obſerved, that there is a paſſage in 
B. and Fletcher's Philafter, which bears a ſtrong reſem- 
blance to a ſpeech of Jachimo in Cymbeline : 


J hear the tread of people: I am hurt; 
«« The Gods take part againſt me: could this boor 
* Have held me thus, elſe?” Philafter, Act IV. ſe. i. 


85 —— | have bely'd a lady, 

«© The princeſs of this country; and the air oft 
*© Revengingly enfrebles me; or could this carle, 
A very drudge of natures, haue ſubdued me 
In my profeſſion f*? Cymbeline, Act V. ſc. ii. 


Philafter had appeared on the ſtage before 1611, being 
mentioned by John Davies of Hereford, in his Ep:igrams, 
which have no date, but were publiſhed according to 
Oldys, in or about that year®, Dryden mentions a 
tradition, (which he might have received from Sir Wil- 
liam D*Avenant,) that Philaſter was the firſt play by 
which Beaumont and Fletcher acquired reputation, and 
that they had written two or three leſs ſucceſsful pieces, 
before Philafter appeared. From a prologue of D'Ave- 
nant's their firſt production ſhould ſeem to have been 
exhibited about the year 1605, Philaſter, therefore, it 
may be preſumed, was repreſented in 1608 or 1609. 

One edition of the tract called Weftavard for Smelts, 
from which part of the fable of Cymbeline is borrowed, 
was publiſhed in 1603. . 

In this play mention is made of Cæſar's 1immeaſure. 
able ambition, and Cleopatra's ſailing on the Cydnus to 
meet Antony; from which, and other circumſtances, I 
think it probable that about this time Shakſpeare peruſed 
the lives of Cæſar, Brutus, and Mark Antony. 


9 Additions to Langbaine's Account of the Dramatick Poets, ML. 


1 28. Mac- 


356 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


28. MAcBETEH, 1606. 


Guthrie aſſerts in his Hiſtory of Scotland, that king 
James, to prove how thoroughly he was emancipated 
from the tutelage of his clergy, deſired Queen Elizabeth 
in the year 1599 to ſend him a company of Engliſh 
comedians. She complied, and James gave them a li- 
cence to act in his capital and in his court. I have 
great reaſon to think, (adds the hiftorian,) that the im- 
mortal Shakſpeare was of the number. But his drama, 
which finds acceſs at this day to the moſt inſenſible 
hearts, had no charms in the eyes of the preſbyterian 
clergy. They threatened excommunication to all who 
attended the play-houſe. Many forebore to attend the 
theatrical exhibitions. James conſidered the inſolent 
interpoſition of the clergy as a freſh attack upon his pre- 
rogative, and ordered thoſe who had been moſt active, 
to retract their menaces, which they unwillingly did; 
and we are told that the playhouſe was then greatly 


crowded.” | 
I know not to what degree of credit this anecdote is 


entitled; but it is certain, that James after his ac- 


ceſſion to the Engliſh throne, was a great encourager of 


theatrical exhibitions. From 1604 to 1608 he devoted 


himſelf entirely to hunting, maſques, plays, tiltings, &c. 
In 1605 he viſited Oxford, From a book entitled Rex 
Platonicus, eited by Dr. Farmer, we learn, that on enter- 
ing the city the king was addreſſed by three ſtudents 
of St. John's college, who alternately accoſted his ma- 
jeſty, reciting ſome Latin verſes, founded on the pre- 
diction of the weird fifters relative to Banquo and 
Macbeth 2. | AL | | 
Dr. Farmer is of opinion, that this performance pre- 
ceded Shakſpeare's play; a ſuppoſition which is ſtrength- 


1 If the writer had any ground for this aſſertion, why was it not 
ſtated ? It is extremely improbable that Shakſpeare ſhould have left 


London at this period. In 1599 his King Henry V. was produced, and 


without doubt acted with great applauſe. 


2 See Vol. IV. p. 437. : | 
| ene 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 357 


ened by the ſilence of the authour of Rex Platonicus, who, 
if Macbeth had then appeared on the ſtage, would proba- 
bly have mentioned ſomething of it. It ſhould be like- 
wiſe remembered, that there ſubſiſted at that time, a 
ſpirit of oppoſition and rivalſhip between the regular 
players and the academicks of the two univerſities ; the 
latter of whom frequently acted plays both in Latin and 
Engliſh, and ſeem to have piqued themſelves on the 
ſuperiority of their exhtbitions to thoſe of the eſtabliſhed 
theatres3, Wiſhing probably to manifeſt this ſuperiority 
to the royal pedant, it 1s not likely that they would 
chooſe for a collegiate interlude, (if this little perform- 
ance deſerves that name,) a ſubject which had already 
appeared on the publick ſtage, with all the embel- 
liſnments that the magick hand of Shakſpeare could 
beſtow. _ 1 og 

In the following July (1606) the king of Denmark came 
to England on a viſit to his ſiſter, queen Anne, and on 
the 3d of Auguſt was inſtalled a knight of the garter, 
«© There is nothing to be heard at court,“ (ſays Drum- 
mond of Hawthornden in a letter dated that day,) but 
ſounding of trumpets, hautboys, muſick, revellings, and 
comedies.” Perhaps during this vifit Macbeth was firſt 
exhibited. | 

This tragedy contains an alluſion to the union of the 
three kingdoms of England, Scotland and Ireland, under 
one ſovereign, and allo to the cure of the king's-evil b 

the royal touch . A ritual for the healing of that dif. 

temper was eſtabliſhed early in this reign; but in what 


3 Ab ejuſdem collegii alumnis (qui et cothurno tragico et ſocco 


comigo principes ſemper habebantur) Yertumnus, comadia faceta, ad 
priacipes exhilarandos exhibetur. Rex Platonicus, p. 78. | 

Arcadiam reſtauratam Iſiacorum Arcadum lectiſſimi cecinerunt, 
unoque opere, principum omniumque ſpectantium animos immenſa et 
ultra fidem affecerunt voluptate; ſimulgue patrios ludiones, etſi exerci- 
tatiſſimos, quantum interſit inter ſcenam mercenariam & eruditam docue- 
runt. Ib. p. 228. See alſo the Return from Parnaſſus, (Act IV. ſc. iii.) 
which was acted publickly at St. John's college Ia Cambridge. 

4 Macbetb, Act IV. ſc. i. ii. ; 


231 . _ our 


9 22 


* — A 4 
—ä— ou 
- nc. 


wt ee - 
— — — 


— — 
— —— 


— — 


7 
— — - —_—— 


= a i . 
— —-—-—-¼— 
* - Y +... 4 


WA 
| 
| 
| 
| 
i" 


N 2 4 = 
— ot A. 
— — — — ” 6 — 
6 5 — p 
"* — . — —ę— — en 
— * p 
* -_ 7. 4 : — 


9 2 a > 
. are — = — — — 
2 ny 

x © ————— 2 — * 


— FIG Eien. 


— 


this tragedy 


358 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


year that pretended power was aſſumed by king James I. 
is uncertain. 

Macbeth was not entered in the Stationers? books, nor 
rune, till 1623. 

In The Tragedy of Cæſar and Pompey, or Ce ſar's Re. 
wenge, are theſe lines: 


« Why, think you, lords, that *tis ambition's 8 
That pricheth Cæſar to theſt high attempts!“ 


If the authour of that play, which was ubliſhed in 

1607, ſhopld be thought to have had Macbeth” 's ſoliloquy 

in view, (which is not unlikely,) this circumſtance may 

add ſome 7 ee of probability to the ſuppoſition that 
ad appeared before that year; 


cc I have no /pur | 
4 TO anick the ſides of my intent, but only 
« Vaulting ambition, which o 'er-leaps itſelf, 
« And falls at the other 


At the time when Mac&eth is ſuppoſed to have been 
written, the ſubje&, it is probable, was conſidered as a 


topick the moſt likely to conciliate the fayour of the 


court, In the additions to Warner's Albion's England, 
which were firſt printed in 1606, the ſtory of the Three 


Fairies or Wiird Elves,” as he calls them, is ſhortly 


told, and king James's deſcent from Banquo carefully 


deduced. 
Ben Jonſon, a few years afterwards, paid his court to 


his majeſty by his Maſque of Queens, preſented at White- 


hall, Feb. 12, 1609 ; in which he has given a minute 
detail of all the magick rites that are recorded by king 
James in his book of Demonologie, or by any other 


authour ancient or modern. 


S Mr, Upton was of opinion that this maſque preceded Macbetb. 
But the only ground which he ſtates: for this conjecture, is, that Jon- 
ſon's pride would not ſuffer him to borrow from Shakſpeare, though 


Mr. 


he ſtole from the a ancients.” 


OF SHARKSPEARE'Ss PLAYS. 359 

Mr. Steevens has lately diſcovered a Ml. play, entitled 
Fas Wirk, written by Thomas Middleton ©, which 
renders it queſtionable, whether Shakſpeare was not in- 
debted to that authour for the firſt hint of the magick 
introduced in this tragedy. The reader will find an 
account of this ſingular curioſity in the note. To the 
N 5 8 obſervations 

6 In an advertiſement prefixed to an edition of A Mad World my 
Maſters, a comedy by Thomas Middleton, 1640, the printer ſays, that 
the authour was „ /ong ſince dead. Middleton probably died ſoon 
after tne year 1626. He was chronologer to the city of London, and 


it does not appear that any maſque or pageant, in honour of the Lord 
Mayor, was ſet forth by him after that year“. From the dates of 


his printed plays, and from the enſuing verſes on his laſt performance, 


by Sir William Lower, we may conclude, that he was as early a writer, 
and at leaſt as old, as Shakſpeare: | | 

e Tom Middleton his numerous iſſue brings, 

« And his laſt muſe delights us when ſhe ſings: 

« His halting age a pleaſure doth impart,. 

c And his white locks ſhew maſter of his art.“ 
| The following dramatick pieces by Middleton appear to have been 

publiſhed in his life-time. Your Five Gallants, no date-—Blurt Ma- 
fter Conſtable, or the Spaniard's Night-Walk, 1602. — Michaelmas 
Term, 1607.—The Phenix, 1607. —T be Family of Love, 1608. — 4 
Trick to catch the Old One, 1608. Mad World my Maſters, 1608. 
The Roaring Girly: or Mall Cutpurſe, I611.m-Fair Quarrel, 1617.—4 
Chaſte Maid of Cbeapſide, 1620. A Game at Cbeſſe, 162 5. —Moſt of 
his other plays were printed, about thirty years after his death, by 
rege and other bookſellers, into whoſe hands his manuſcripts 
el 2 OS. | ; 

7 In a former note on this tragedy, I have ſaid that the original 
edition contains only the two firſt words of the ſong in the 4th act, 
beginning—Black ſpirits, &c; but have lately diſcovered the entire 
ſtanza in an unpubliſped dramatick piece, viz. A Tragi-Coomodie 
called TE Wirren; long fnce ated by his Ma. ties Servants at the 
Black Friers; written by TBo. Middleton.” The ſong is there called 
A charme-ſong, about a veſſell. The other ſong omitted in the 
5th ſcene of the zd act of Macbeth, together with the imperfect cou- 


plet there, may likewiſe be found, as follows, in Middleton 's perform 


ance.— The Hecate of Shakſpeare, ſays; 
EIN, 66 I am for the air, &&. ; 


*. The Triumph of Health and Bobo at the Tnouguration of the 
moſt worthy Brother, the Right Hon. Cuthbert Hoſket, draper ; compoſed 
5y Thomas Middleton, draper, 1626, 4to; 

| | 12 41 The 


ADE TE MPR 


. W — 2 = pom 0 * 
_ ; — 2 * * * — 2 — — — - 
, i: : 2 * r — = . = — — > 3 
— 5 _ ; — — — ch * — 5 — — . = 
* W ö E 1 k — — 1 
— _ 2 - — . — — — — — 
— — . A = a = * 5 2 — - 2 - , 
ms. = - * —_— 9 
. * . 
E * ; , - 
- — — — * 
— — — — K " 


—ü—ę—ä— — oY OO OOO oo — — - 
ft pet < 
— — — — —U — A we 
_ w * — — „ * ” I 


* — 7 — 
— — —_ — 


— — — 


— — 


by * 
— — — — — 


SI” — — 


0 
— 2 


- * — — — 
— — wi 


3 
| 


— ee 


- — — — — — — 


— —— — —' —— —F4[Gw | ro... 


— ũ . —ͤ e (ͤĩů— — 


366% CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


obſervations of Mr. Steevens I have only to add, that the 
ſongs, beginning, Come away, &c. and Black ſpirits, &c. 
being 


The Hecate of Middleton (who like the er is ſummoned away 


by aerial ſpirits) has the ſame declaration in Fo the ſame words: 


« I am 657 aloft,” &c. 
ce Jon Come away, come away: a 
1 & Heccat, Heccat, come away. 7 is the eire. 
cc Hec. I come, I come, I come, 
«© With all the ſpeed I may, 
c“ With all the ſpeed I may. 
ec Wher's Stadlin? 
“Heere. ] in the aire. 
% Wher's Puckle? 
| 10 rt. in the aire. © | 
„ And Hoppo too, and Hellewaine too. 
We lack but you, we lack but you 5 in the aire. 
«© Come away, make up the count. 
ce Hec. I wilt but noynt, and then I mount. 5 
A fpirit like a There's one comes downe to fetch hisdues, 
. def elcends. J A kiſſe a coll, a fip of blood: | | 
"ea cents. And why thou ſtaiſt ſo long above. 
4 muſe, 1 muſe, 
« Since the air's ſo ſweet and good. 
te Hec. Oh, art thou come? 
4 What newes, what newes ? 
& All goes ftill to our delight, 


c Either come, or els Eb above. 
Refufe, refuſe. ; 
«& Her. Now I am furniſh'd for the flight. 
4c Fire.] Hark, hark, the catt ſings a brave treble in her owne 
language. 


80 Her. geing 12. Now I goe, now I flie, 
| « Malkin, my ſweete ſpirit, and I. 
& Oh what a daintie pleaſure tis, 
cc To ride in the aire, EA 
c When the moone ſhines faire, 
ce And fing, and daunce, and toy and kiſs ! 
cc Over woods, high rocks and mountains, 
4 Over ſeas, our miſtris* fountains, 
£ Over ſteepe towres and turrets, 7 
« We fly by night *mongſt-troopes of ſpiritts. 
« No ring of bells to our eares ſounds, 
| © No howles of woolves, no yelpes of hounds ; 
4 No, not the noyſe of waters*-breache, 
44 Or cannons? throat, our height can reache. 
66 No ring of bells, &c. ] above, 


« Fire. 


a a 1 as. 8 1 "a. a_— 1 


$ 

* I 
— — —y— — — — — — 
2 FX Sz Ee Z (= 


_ ——— — 22 — 
9 — = — ws 


—— 
— — 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 361 


being found at full length in The Witch, while only the | 
two firſt words of them are printed in Macbeth, favour 
| | | the 


ce Fire.] Well, mother, I thank your kindneſs: you muſt be gam- 
bolling i' th'aire, and leave me to walk here, like a foole and a mor- 
tall. Exit. Fins Aus Tercii." 
This Fire-flone, who occaſionally interpoſes in the courſe of the dia- 
logue, is called, in the liſt of Perſons Repreſented, The Clown 

and Heccat's ſon.” 17 : 

Again, the Hecate of Shakſpeare ſays to her ſiſters : 

cc I' charm the air to give a ſound, 

„„ While you perform your antique round, &c. 

ef 206 3 [Mufick. The Witches dance and waniſh.” 


The Hecate of Middleton ſays on a fimilar occaſion : 
Come, my ſweete ſiſters, let the aire ſtrike our tune, 
« Whilſt we ſhew reverence to yond peeping moone.“ 
| Here they dance and Exeunt.” 


= — 
% 2 * 


— — _ JJ — 


In this play, the motives which incline the witches to miſchief, 
their manners, the contents of their cauldron, &c. ſeem to have more 
than accidental reſemblance to the ſame particulars in Macbetb. The 
hags of Middleton, like the weird ſiſters of Shakſpeare, deſtroy cattle 
becauſe they have been refuſed proviſions at farm-houſes. The owl 
and the cat (Gray Malkin) give them notice when it is time to pro- 
ceed on their ſeveral expeditions. Thus Shakſpeare's Witch: 

| « Harper cries ;—'tis time, *tis time. 
Thus too the Hecate of Middleton: 
6 Hec.] Heard you the owle yet? 
« Stad.] Briefely in the copps. 
« Hec.] *Tis high time for us then.“ 


The Hecate of Sbakſpeare, addreſſing her ſiſters, obſerves, that 
Macbeth is but 4 wayward ſon, who loves for his own ends, not for 
them. The Hecate of Middleton has the ſame obſervation, when the 
youth who has been conſulting her, retires: | 

« know he loves me not, nor there's no hope on't.“ | 
Inſtead of the greaſe. that's ſweaten from the murderer's gibbet, and the 
finger of birth-ſtrangled babe, the witches of Middleton employ i the 
griſtle of a man that bangs after ſunſet, (i. e. of a murderer, for all 
other criminals were-anciently cut down before evening) and the “e fat 
of an unbaptized child.“ They likewiſe boaſt of the power to raiſe 
tempeſts that ſhall blow down trees, overthrow buildings, and occaſion 
ſhipwreck ; and, more particularly, that they can © make miles of wood: 
walk.“ Here too the Grecian Hecate is degraded into a preſiding 

witch, and exerciſed in ſuperſtitions peculiar to our own country. So 
much for the ſcenes of enehantment; but even other parts of Middle- 
25 ton : 


- 


* 
—— — — 7 * - = ” 
— - — Lo * 7 _ 
— * „ mere 
* _ 


+ — — — 


— — 
— 


——— — —— — ——— — — U — 
ow 2 * a — 

_ — — — 
_m - A > ” _ 

— — 


—— —u— —— ͥ — 
3s : — x 1 


362 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


the Loppofition that Middleton's piece preceded that of 
Shakſpeare; the latter, it ſhould ſeem, thinking ir 
| unneceſſary 


ton's play coincide more than once with that of Shakſpeare. Lady 
Macbeth ſays, in Act II: 
© f the ſurfeited grooms | 


6 Do mock their charge with ſnores. I have drugg'd their 
poſſets.” | | | 
80 too Franciſce in the piece of Middleton: | | 
they're now all at reſt, | 
«© And Gaſper there and all: Liſt !—faft aſſeepe; 
He cryes it hither. —I muſt diſeaſe you ſtraight, ſir: 
cc For the maide-ſervants, and the girles o' th* houſe, 
«© I /pic'd them lately with a dremſie poſſet, 
66 They will not hear in haſte.“ 


And Franciſca, like lady Macbeth, is watching late at night to encou - 
rage the perpetration of a murder. . 

The expreſſion which Shakſpeare has put into the mouth of Mac- 
beth, when he is ſufficiently recollected to perceive that the dagger and 
the blood on it, were the creations of his own fancy, —“ There's no 
ſuch thing, —is likewiſe appropriated to Fraxciſca, when ſhe unde- 
ceives her brother, whoſe imagination had been equally abuſed, 

From the inſtances already produced, perhaps the reader wonld al- 
tow, that if Middleton's piece preceded Shakſpeare's, the originality of 
the magic introduced by the latter, might be fairly queſtioned ; for 
our authour (who as actor, and manager, had acceſs to unpubliſhed 
dramatick performances) has ſo often condeſcended to receive hints 
from his contemporaries, that our ſuſpicion of his having been a copyiſt 
in the preſent inſtance, might not be without foundation. Nay, per- 
haps, a time may arrive, in which it will become evident from books 
and manuſcripts yet undiſcovered and unexamined, that Shakſpeare 
never attempted a play on any argument, till the effect of the ſame 
ſtory, or at leaſt the ruling incidents in it, had been already tried on 
the ſtage, and familiarized to his audience. Let it be remembered, 
in ſupport of this conjecture, that dramatick pieces on the following 
ſubjets, viz, King John, King Richard II. and III. King Henry IV. 
and V. King Henry VIII. King Lear, Antony and Cleopatra, Meaſure 
for Meaſure, the Merchant of Venice, the Taming of a Shrew, and tbe 
Comedy of Errors, — had appeared before thoſe of Shakſpeare, and that 
he has taken ſome what from all of them that we have bitherto ſeen. I 
muſt obſerve at the ſame time, that Middleton; in his other dramas, 
is found to have borrowed little from the ſentiments, and nothing from 
the fables of his predeceſſors. He is known to have written in concert 
with Jonſon, Fletcher, Maſſinger, and Rozoley; but appears to have 
daen unacquainted, or at leaſt unconnected, with Sbakſpearce. : 

7 | t 


- 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 363 
unneceſſary to fet down verſes which were probably well 


known, and perhaps then in the poſſeſſion of the 


managers 


It is true that the date of Tu Wire cannot be aſcertained. 
The authour, however, in his dedication (za the truelie-wworthie and 
generouſiy- affected Thomas Holmes Eſquire) obſerves, that he recovered 


this en ee er labour of his (from the play-houſe, I ſuppoſe,) not 


without much difficultie. Witches (continues he) are, ipſo facto, by 
the laav condemn'd, and that onely, I thinck, hath made ber lie ſo long 
in an impriſon'd obſcuritie. It is probable, therefore from theſe words, 
as well as from the title-page, that the play was written long“ before 
the dedication, which ſeems to have been added ſoon after the year 
1603, waen the act of King James againſt witches paſſed into a law. 
If it be objected, that TRE Wi ren appears from this title-page to 
have been acted only by his majeſty's ſervants, let it be remembered 
that theſe were the very players who had been before in the ſervice of 
the Queen; but Middleton, dedicating his work in the time of James, 
ſpeaks of them only as dependants on tlie reigning prince. 

Here too it may be remarked, that the firſt dramatic piece in 
which Miduleton is known to have had a hand, viz. The Od Law, 
was acted in 1599; ſo that TER Wirren might have been compoſed, 
if not performed at an earlier period + than the acceſſion of James to 
the crown ; for the belief of witchcraft was ſufficiently popular in the 
preceding reigns. The piece in queſtion might likewiſe have been 
neglected through the caprice of players, or retarded till it could be 
known that James would permit ſuch repreſentations; (for on his 
arrival here, both, authours and actors who ſhould have ventured to 
bring the midnight mirth and jollity of witches on the ſtage, would 
probably have been indicted as favourers of magick and enchantment ;) 
or, it might have ſhrunk into obſcurity after the appearance of Mac- 
beth ; or perhaps was forbidden by the command of the king. The 
witches of Shakſpcare (excluſive of the flattering circumſtance to which 


* That dramatick. pieces were ſometimes written long before they 
were printed, may be proved from the example of Marlowe's Rich Few 
of Malta, which was entered on the books of the Stationers' company 


in the year 1594, but was not publiſhed till 1633, as we learn from 


l for olive, &c. 


the preface to it written by Heyood. It appears likewiſe from the 
ſame regiſters, that ſeveral plays were written, that were never pub- 
liſhed at all. | 88 

+ The ſpelling in the Mſ. is ſometimes more antiquated than any 
to be met with in the printed copies of Shakſpeare, as the following 
inſtances may prove :—ZByn for been— ſollempnely for ſolemnly—=damp- 
nation for damnation—quight for quite griæxgel for griſtle. doa for doe 


their 


4 
: 
'E BF 
f 
, 
11 
A 
vi 
ſ 


2 =8 


364 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


managers of the Globe theatre. The high reputation 
of Shakſpeare's performances (to mention a circumſtance 
which in the courſe of theſe obſervations will be more 


than once inſiſted upon) likewiſe ſtrengthens this con- 


jecture; for it is very improbable, that Middleton, or 
any other poet of that time, ſhould have ventured into 


their prophecy alludes) are ſolemn in their operations, and therefore 


behaved in conformity to his majeſty's own opinions. On the con- 


trary, the hags of Middleton are ludicrous in their conduct, and leſſen, 
by ridiculous combinations of images, the ſolemnity of that magick in 
which our ſcepter'd perſecutor of old women moſt reverently and po- 
tently believed. | 

The concluſion to Middleton's dedication has likewiſe a degree of 
fingularity that deſerves notice. —* For your ſake alone, ſhe hath 
thus conjur'd her ſelf abroad; and beares no other charmes about her, 
but what may tend to your recreation; nor no other ſpell, but to 
poſſeſs you with a beleif, that as ſhe, ſo he, that fr taught her to 
enchant, will alwaies be, &c.—* He that taught her to enchant,” 
would have ſufficiently expreſſed the obvious meaning of the writer, 
without aid from the word firſt, which ſeems to imply a covert cen- 
ſure on ſome perſon who had engaged his Hecate in a ſecondary courſe 
of witchcraft. | | | - 

The reader muſt have inferred from the ſpecimen of incantation 
already given, that this Mſ. play (which was purchaſed by Major 
Pearſon out of the collection of one Grifzn, a player, and is in all pro- 
babillity the preſentation copy) had indubitably paſſed through the 
hands of Sir William D' Avenant ; for almoſt all the additions which 
he pretends to have made to the ſcenes of witchcraft in Macterh 
8 with the names of the ſupplemental agents) are adopted 
rom Middleton. It was not the intereſt therefore of Sir Villian, 
that this piece ſhould ever ar in print: but time that makes 
important diſcoveries, has Aikewiſe brought his petty plagiariſm to 


light “. 


I ſhould remark, that Sir V. D. has corrupted ſeveral words as well 


as proper names in the ſongs, &c. but it were needleſs to particularize 


his miſtakes, as this entire tragi-comedy will hereafter be publiſhed 


for the ſatisfaction of the curious and intelligent readers of Shakſpeare. 
| STEEVENSs 


* Sir William D'Avenant might likewiſe have formed his play of 
Albovine King of Lombardy on ſome of the tragick ſcenes in this un- 


| Publiſhed piece by Middleton. Yet the chief circumſtances on which 


they are both founded, occur in the fourth volume of the Hifleires Tra- 
gigues, c. par Franęois de Belle-foreft, 1580, p. 297, and at the 
beginning of Machiavel's Florentine Hiſtory. SrEEVERS. 


 thole 


F OI © RE TE 


2 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 365 


thoſe regions of fiction, in which our authour had already 
expatiated : | 

«© — Shakſpeare's magick could not copy'd be, 

« Within that circle none durſt walk but he.“ 

Other pieces of equal antiquity may, perhaps, be here- 
after diſcovered ; for the names of feveral ancient plays 
are preſerved, which are not known to have been ever 
printed. Thus we hear of Valentine and Orſon, plaied 


by her Majeſties players, — The tragedy of Ninus and 


Semiramis,—T itirus and Galathea, - Godfrey of Bulloigne, 


—T he Cradle of Securitie, Hit the Naile o'the Head, 


Sir Thomas More,—-(Hart. Mſ. 7368) The 1/le of Dogs, 
by Thomas Naſhe,—The comedy of Fidele and Fortuna- 
zus,—The famous tragedy of The Deſtruction of Feruſalem, 
by Dr. Legge, —The Freeman's Honour, by William 
Smith, —Mahomet and Irene, the Faire Greek, —T he Play 
of the Cards, —Cardenio,—T he Knaves,—The Knot of 
Fools, — Raymond Duke of Lyons, —T he Nobleman, by Cyril 
Tourneur,—ſ the laſt five, acted in the year 1613,] The 
honoured Lowes, —T he Parliament of Love, —and Nonſuch, 


a comedy; all by William Rowley ;—The Pilgrimage 70 


Parnaſſus, by the authour of the Return from Parnaſſus, — 
Believe as you Lift, by Maflinger, —The Pirate, by 
Davenport, — Neſania or Lowe's Victory, a comedy by 
Shirley, (ſome of whoſe plays were extant in Mſ. in 
Langbaine's time,)—T he Twins, a tragedy, acted in 
1613,—Tancredo, a tragedy, by Sir Henry Wotton, — 
Demetrius and Marſina, or the imperial Impoſtor and un- 
happy Heroine, a tragedy, —The Tyrant, a tragedy,— 
The Queen of Corfica,—T he Bugbears,—T he Second Maid”s 
Tragedy, — Timon, a comedy,—Cariline's Conſpiracy, a 
tragedy,—and Captain Mario, a comedy; both by Ste- 
phen Goſſon,—T he True Hiftorie of George Scanderbeg, 
as played by the right hon. the Earl of Oxenforde's ſer- 
vants,—Fane Shore,—T he Bold Beauchamps,—T he Setond 
Part of Sir John Oldcaſtle,—T he General,—T he Toy,— 
The Tell- tales, a comedy,—The Woman's Plot, —The 


Woman's 


9 The perſons repreſented in this play (which is in my poſſeſſion) 


are—Duke; Fidelio; Aſpero; Hortenſio; Borgias; Picentio; Count 
Giſmond; 


7 Dr RAN RS op. 


366 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 
Woman's too hard for Him, [both acted at court in 1621.) 


Ahe Lowe-fick Maid, ¶acted at court in 1629] —Fulgius 


and Lucrelle,—T he Fool Transformed, a comedy,—T he 


 Hiftory of Lewis the Eleventh, King of France, a tragi- 


comedy,—T he Chaſte woman againſt her Will, a comedy, 
mT he Tooth-Drawer, a comedy, — Honour in the End, a 


 comedy,—The Hiſtory of Don Quixote, or the Knight of the 


ill. fauoured Countenance, a comedy, —T he Fair Spaniſh 
Captive, a tragi-comedy,—The tragedy of Heildebrand, 
Lowe yields to honour, — The Noble Friend, &c. &c, 
Soon after the Reſtoration, one Kirkman, a bookſeller, 
printed many dramatick pieces that had remained un- 
publiſhed for more than ſixty years; and in an advertiſe- 
ment ſubjoined to A true, perfect, and exact catalogue 


of all the comedies, tragedies, c. that were ever yet 


printed and publiſhed, till this preſent year 1671,” he ſays, 
that although there were, at that time, but eight hun- 
dred and fix plays in print, yet many more had been 
written and acted, and that he himſelf had /ome quan- 


tity in manuſcript. — The reſemblance between Macbeth 


and this newly diſcovered piece by Middleton, naturally 
ſuggeſts a wiſh, that if any of the unpubliſhed plays, 
above enumerated, be yet in being, (beſide The Second 
Maid”s tragedy, The Tell-tale, Timon, and Sir Thomas 
More, which are known to be extant,) their poſſeſſors 
would condeſcend to examine them with attention; as 
hence, perhaps, new lights might be thrown on others 


of our authour's plays. 


It has been already ſuggeſted that it is probable our 
authour about the time of his compoling Cymbeline and 
Macbeth devoted ſome part of his leiſure to the reading 
of the lives of Cæſar and Anthony in North's tranſlation 
of Plutarch. In the play before. there are two paſſages 
which countenance that conjecture. Under him,“ ſays 
Macbeth, | 

4% My genius is rebuk'd, as, it is ſaid, 

« Mark Antony's was by Cæſar.“ 


Giſmond ; Ferneſe; Bentivoglio; Coſmo; julio; captain; Lieu- 
tenant; Ancient; two Doctors; an Ambaſſador; Victoria; Eleanor; 
Iiabelz Leſbia.— Scene, Florence. 


1 


The 


F VWF - 


* 


0 
{ 
1 
| 
0 


—: c 


8 OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 357 

The alluſion here is to a paſſage in the Life of Antony; 
where Shakſpeare alſo found an account of the inſane 
root that takes the reaſon priſoner,“ which he has in- 
troduced in Macbeth, | 

A paſſage in the 8th book of Daniel's Civil Wars 
ſeems to have been formed on one in this tragedy 9. The 
ſeventh and eighth books of Daniel's poem were firſt 
printed in r609, | | 


29. Julius CEz$SAR, 1607. 


A tragedy on the ſubject, and with the title, of Falius 
Cæſar, written by Mr. William Alexander, who was 
afterwards earl of Sterline, was printed in the year 1607. 
This, I imagine, was prior to ourauthour's performance, 
which was notentered at Stationers-hall, nor printed, till 
1623. Shakſpeare, we know, formed at leaſt twelve 
plays on fables that had been unſucceſsfully managed by 

other poets“; but no contemporary writer was daring 
enough to enter the liſts with him, in his life-time, or 
to model into a drama a ſubject which had already em- 
ployed his pen: and it 1s not likely that Lord Sterline, 
who was then a very young man, and had ſcarcely un- 
learned the Scottiſh idiom, ſhould have been more hardy 
than any other poet of that age. 

I' am aware, it may be objected, that this writer 
might have formed a drama on this ſtory, not knowing 
that Shakſpeare had previouſly compoſed the tragedy of 

| + ay Cæſar; and that, therefore, the publication of 

r. Alexander's play in 1607, is no proof that our au- 
thour's performance did not then exiſt. —In anſwer to 
this objection, it may, perhaps, be ſufficient to obſerve, 
that Mr. Alexander had, before that year, very wiſely 
left the bleak fields of Menftrie in Clackmananſhire, for 
a warmer and more courtly reſidence in London, having 


9 See Vol. IV. p. 299, n. 4. : 
I See a note on Julias Cæſar, AQ I. ſc, i. in which they are enu- 


merated. 


been 


368 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


been appointed gentleman of the privy chamber to prince 
Henry: in which fituation his literary curioſity muſt 
have been gratified by the earlieſt notice of the produc. 
tions of his brother dramatiſts. | 
Lord Sterline's Julius Cæſar, though not printed till 
1607, might have been written a year or two before; 
and perhaps its publication in that year was in conſe- 
quence of ,our authour's play on the ſame ſubje& being 
then firſt exhibited. 'The ſame obſervation may be made 
with reſpect to an anonymous performance, called The 
Tragedie of Cæſar and Pempey, or Cæſar's Revenge*, of 
which an edition (I believe the ſecond) was likewiſe 
printed in 1607. The ſubject of that piece is the defeat 
of Pompey at Pharſalia, the death of Julius, and the 
final overthrow of Brutus and Caſſius at Philippi. The 
attention of the town being, perhaps, drawn to the hiſtory 
of the hook-noſed fellow of Rome, by the exhibition of Shak- 
ſpeare's Julius Cæſar, the bookſellers, who printed theſe 
two plays, might have flattered themſelves with the hope 
of an expeditious ſale for them at that time, eſpecially 
as Shakſpeare's play was not then publiſhed. 

It does not appear that Lord Sterline's Julius Cſar 
was ever acted: neither it nor his other plays being at all 
calculated for dramatick exhibition. On the other hand, 
Shakſpeare's Julius Cz/ar was a very popular piece; as 
we learn from Digges, a contemporary writer, who in 

his commendatory verſes prefixed to our authour's works, 

has alluded to it as one of his moſt celebrated per- 
formances3, | 

5 We 


2 There is an edition without date, which probably was the firſt. 
This play, as appears by the title-page, was privately acted by the 
ſtudents of Trinity College in Oxford. In the running title it is called 
The Tragedy of Julius Cæſar; perhaps the better to impoſe it on the 
publick for the performance of Shakſpeare. = 3 

: 3 „Nor fire nor cank'ring age, as Naſo ſaid 

« Of his, thy wit-fraught book ſhall once invade: 

c Nor ſhall I e'er believe or think thee dead, h 

&« (Though miſs'd) untill our bankrout ſtage be ſped 

« (Impoflible !) with ſome new ſtrain, t'out do 

« Paſſions of Juliet and her Romeo; ; ps 
« Or 


— . . ASA. Sh en 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 369 


We have certain proof that Antony and Cleopatra was 
compoſed before the middle of the year 1608. An 
attentive review of that play and Julius Cæſar, will, I 
think, lead us to conclude that this latter was firſt writ- 
ten . Not to inſiſt on the chronology of the ſtory, which 

would naturally ſuggeſt this ſubje& to our authour before 
the other, in Fulius Cæſar Shakſpeare does not ſeem to 
have been thoroughly poſſeſſed of Antony's character. 
He has indeed marked one or two of the ſtriking features 
of it, but Antony is not fully delineated till he appears 
in that play which takes its name from him and Cleo- 
patra. The rough ſketch would naturally precede the 
finiſhed picture. = 


- an —_— * — ns 
. 5 — — — - == 
— — — 3 —— —— 
j m 
_ — — > — < 
— i OW — — + — -_ 


— <- 
—ͤ—ñ—f — + 


— "Cz — = 8 = — 


r —————— — — 2 22 i — — —— 7 _— — 
— : — ——— — — — — a — - 
* * — 2 - — - _ my — _— — — — 
9 g 0 
5 & * „ * 20 2 — — 


- mer —— er 
- W=} — — — 
4 5 


« Or till J hear a ſcene more nobly take t 
«« Than when thy balf-ſword parlying Romans ſpale.“ 
Verſes by L. Digges, prefixed to the firſt edition of our authour's 
plays, in 1623. | | 
3 The following paſſages in Antony and Cleopatra, (and others of the 
ſame kind may perhaps be found, ) ſeem to me to diſcover ſuch a know- 
ledge of the appropriated characters of the perſons exhibited in Julius 
Cæſar, and of the events there dilated and enlarged upon, as Shak- 
ſpeare would neceſſarily have acquired from having previouſly written a 
play on that ſubject ; | | 
« Pompey.— I do not know ¾ ¾ꝰ 
«© Wherefore my father ſhould revengers want, 
46 Having a ſon and friends, ſince Julius Ceſar, 
6M ho at Philippi the goed Brutus gbaſted, 
& There ſaw you labouring for him. What was't, 
«© That mov'd pale Caſſius to conſpire? And what 
© Made all- bonour d, honeſt, Roman Brutus, i 
6c With the arm'd reſt, courtiers of beauteous freedom, 
6c To drench the capitol, but that they would 
i & Have one man but a man?” 
$o, in another place: 
« When Antony found Julius Cæſar dead, 
« He cry'd almoſt to roaring ; and he wept, 
« When at Philippi he found Brutus ſlain.” 
Again: 7 
« Ant. He at Philippi kept 
cc His ſword ev'n like a dancer, while I ſtruck 
«© The lean and wrinkled Caſſius; and *twas I 
«© That the mad Brutus ended. 


Vor. I. — Shakſpeare? 


By r * — 


2 
58 
Rs 
hag * 
— _ 


— - 


— — 


1 
o 
l 1 
1 
' 
' 
[ 
. 
: i 
: 
+ Þ 
' 
1 + 
[ : F N 
1 1 
$ , 
4 — 1 
5 F Lo 
18 * 4 : 
A 4 5 
1 - 
$4 
* * i 
77 
% i +. 
c : : 
Ao 1 
A 0 N 
. ? + N iy 
i, : ' 
1343 | 
- 9 
234 F F 1 
xx * , 
% i 1 
| : ” 
* 
0 3 
* 93 
4 C: FS [ 
: £ 
1 
9 * 
ö | - 
Ll 
: : 
. « 
=: 
ä 1 
, # 3 . 
N 
5 
wy 4 
: 7 
ug : 
ow 4 
* 
24 
. 
14 
| 
ii 44 ' 
: 4 
148 * 
70 
4 = 


— ——̃— — 


— — 


2 
* 


— 2 


— 
— 
— 


— — I IO RE — 
P = == — - "I IS 
— — N . - — 


— — — 


— 
— 


— — — äZLÜœ—f— 


— — 


* — - = — 
— = 
= — _ 
—— 


—— — —— — 


— — 
— (——Ä— 
—— — 


— 2 — 
— 


——— Is 


—ͤ—6—ä —t — 
———ũ——h—ä—— 


—— 
— — 


— ———— — 


— — — 


— — 


— — 


— — 
—U—ñ— — cjä—ä— 


— — 


— — 


. 
—— — cate" mu 


et em —— — 
—ů :D2]h ——— 


— 


—ͤ—üU U— —ẽ— 


for introducing a quibble ; but it is not eaſy to conjec- 


370, CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


Shakſpeare's making the capito/ the ſcene of Czfar's 
murder, contrary to the truth of hiſtory, is eaſily ac- 
counted for, in Hamlet, where it afforded an opportunity 


ture why in Julius Cæſar he ſhould have departed from 
Plutarch, where it is expreſsly ſaid that Julius was 
killed in Pompey's portico, whoſe ſtatue was placed in 
the centre. I ſuſpect he was led into this deviation 
from hiſtory by ſome former play on the ſubject, the 
frequent repetition of which before his own play was 
written probably induced him to inſert theſe lines in 


his tragedy : 


4 A @ Ka „ 1 TE 


“ How many ages hence 

% Shall this our Iofty ſcene be a&ed o'er, 

In ſtates unborn, and accents yet unknown! 
<< How many times, &c. 


ec The accents yet unknown” could not allude to Dr, 
Eedes's Latin play exhibited in 1582, and therefore may 
be fairly urged as a preſumptive proof that there had 
been ſome Engliſh play on this ſubject previous to that of 
Shakſpeare. Hence I ſuppoſe it was, that in his earlier t 
performance he makes Polonius 55 that in his youth he fi 
had enacted the part of the Roman Dictator, and had been 
killed by Brutus in the capitol; a ſcenick exhibition 
which was then probably familiar to the greater part of 
the audience. | | 

From a paſſage in the comedy of Every Woman in her 
humour, which was printed in 1609, we learn, that there 


- 


B ky A & by 


Was an ancient droll or puppet-ſhew on the ſubject of 


ulius Cæſar. I have ſeen (ſays one of the perſonages 
in that comedy,) the city of Nineveh and Julius Cx/ar 
acted by mammets.“ I formerly ſuppoſed that this droll 
was formed on the play before us: but have lately ob- 
ſerved that it is mentioned with other ** motions,” 
(Jonas, Ninevie, and the Deſtruction of Jeruſalem,) in Kos 
Marſton's Dutch Courte/an, printed in 1605, and was Cl 

probably of a much older date, | | | 
nt. | „ 


+ 


. Fort 2" Mn 5 ha, 
— Gita Rt — — AE es „2 oe oe EE OE TEEN r : 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 371 


In the prologue to The Falſe One, by Beaumont and 
Fletcher, this play is alluded to“; but in what year that 
tragedy was written, 1s unknown. 

If the date of The Maid”s Tragedy by the ſame authours, 
were aſcertained, it might throw ſome light on the pre- 
ſent inquiry; the quarreling ſcene between Melantius 
and his friend, being manifeſtly copied from a ſimilar 
ſcene in Julius Cz/ar, It has already been obſerved that 
Philafter was the firſt play which brought Beaumont and 
Fletcher into reputation, and that it probably was re- 

preſented in 1608 or 1609. We may therefore preſume 
that the Maid's Tragedy did not appear before that year; 
for we cannot ſuppoſe it to have been one of the unſuc- 
ceſsful pieces which preceded Philafter. That the Maid”s 
Tragedy was written before 1611, is aſcertained by a Mſ. | 
play, now extant, entitled The SECOND Maid”s N 
which was licenſed by Sir George Buck, on the ziſt of 
October, 1611, I believe it never was printed 5. | 

If, therefore, we fix the date of the original Maid”s 

Tragedy in 1610, it agrees ſufficiently well with that here 
aſſigned to Julius Cæſar. . 

It appears by the papers of the late Mr. George Vertue, 
that a play called Cæſar's Tragedy was acted at court be- 
fore the 1oth of April, in the year 1613. This was 


— — s — — — — — — 
—ů — — " — — — m = — 
- -_ — —_— P94 o - — _ — — — . 


— — — — 


ö f 
1 ; 
T5 
itt 2 : 
* 
14 
ö f 
ll Py 2 
p : 
i: IF! 
1 
1 * 


4 „ New titles warrant not a play for new, 
cc The ſubject being old; and 'tis as true, 
& Freſh and neat matter may with eaſe be fram'd 
c Out of their ſtories that have oft been nam'd 
« With glory on the ſtage. What borrows he 
c From him that wrought old Priam's tragedy, 
; c That writes his love for Hecuba? Sure to tell 
£ « Of Cæſar's amorous heats, and howy be fell 
& 1n the Capitol, can never be the ſame 
„„To the judicious.” Prologue to The Falſe One. 

S This tragedy (as I learn from a Mf. of Mr. Oldys) was formerly 
in the poſſeſſion of John Warburton, Eſq. Somerſet Herald, and is now 
in the library of the Marquis of Lanſdown. It had no authour's name 
to it, when it was licenſed, but was afterwards afcribed to George 
Chapman, whoſe name is eraſed by another hand, and that of Shak- 
ſpeare inſerted, | 


[A a 1 probably 


— — — — 
——ü—ͤ —— — —mà4 — — 


372 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 
probably Shakſpeare's Julius Cz/ar, it being much the 


faſhion at that time to alter the titles of his plays. 


30. ANTONY AND CLEOPATRA, 1608. 


Antony and Cleopatra was entered on the Stationers? 
books, May 2, 1608; but was not printed till 1623. 

In Ben Jonſon's Silent Woman, Act IV. ſc. iv. 1609, 
this play ſeems to be alluded to: 1 


Mor eſe. Nay, I would fit out a play that were no- 
thing but Fights at /ea, drum, trumpet and target.“ 


31. TiMoN or Arkzxs, 1609. 


32. CokloL AN us, 1610. 


Theſe two plays were neither entered in the books of the 
Stationers? company, nor printed, till 1623. Shakſpeare, 
in the courſe of ſomewhat more than twenty years, having 
produced thirty- four or thirty-five dramas, we may pre- 
ſume that he was not idle any one year of that time. 
Moſt of his other plays have been attributed, on plauſible 
grounds at leaſt, to former years. As we have no proof 


to aſcertain when the two plays under our conſideration 


were written, it ſeems reaſonable to aſcribe them to that 
period, to which we are not led by any particular cir- 
cumſtance to attribute any other of his works; at which, 
it is ſuppoſed, he had not ceaſed to write ; which yet, 
unleſs theſe pieces were then compoſed, muſt, for aught 
that now appears, have been unemployed. When once 
he had availed himſelf of North's Plutarch, and had 
thrown any one of the lives into a dramatick form, he 

robably found it ſo eaſy as to induce him to proceed, 
till he had exhauſted all the ſubjects which he imagined 
that book would afford. Hence the four plays of Julius 
Cæſar, Antony and Cleopatra, Timon, and Coriolanus, 
are ſuppoſed to have been written in ſucceſſion. At the 
time he was writing Cymbeline and Macbeth there is reaſon 


to believe he began to ſtudy Plutarch with a particular 


View 


4 
cc ORE E OL I "56 8 


3 


2. ͤ—ͤd1wmngm RE RT CEOS 


OF SHAKSPEARF'S PLAYS. 373 


view to the uſe he might make of it on the ſtage*. The 
Lives of Cæſar and Antony are nearly connected with 
each other, and furniſhed him with the fables of two 

lays; and in the latter of theſe lives he found the ſub- 
ject of a third, Timon of Athens. 


There is a Mſ. comedy now extant, on the ſubject of 
Timon, which, from the hand-writing and the ſtyle, ap- 
pears to be of the age of Shakſpeare. In this piece a 
ſteward is introduced, under the name of Laches, who, 
like Flavius in that of our authour, endeavours to reſtrain 
his maſter's profuſion, and faithfully attends him when 
he is forſaken by all his other followers. —Here too a 
mock-banquet is given by Timon to his falſe friends; 
but, inſtead of warm water, ſtones painted like artichokes 
are ſerved up, which he throws at his gueſts. From a 
line in Shakſpeare's play, one might be tempted to think x 
that ſomething. of this ſort was introduced by him 
though, through the omiſſion of a marginal direction in 

the only ancient copy of this piece, it has not been 
cuſtomary to exhibit it: h | 
c Second Senator, Lord Timon's mad, 
© 3d. Sen. I feel it on my bones. 
«& 4th Sen. One day he gives us diamonds, next day 
ones. | 

This comedy, (which is evidently the production of a 
ſcholar, many lines of Greek being introduced into it,) 
appears to have been written after Ben Jonſon's Every 
Man out of his Humour, (1599,) to which it contains a 
reference ; but I have not diſcovered the preciſe time 
when it was compoſed, If it were aſcertained, it might 
be ſome guide to us in fixing the date of our authour's 
Timon of Athens, which, on the grounds that have been 
already ftated®, I ſuppoſe to have been poſterior to this 

anonymous play. 

The great plagues of 1593 and 1603 muſt have made 
ſach an impreſſion upon Shakſpeare, that no inference 


® Sec p. 3555 and p. 366. ria © P. 367. = 


—_—_— — — 


2 


1 
: / 
1Y - 
. * 

| | 
4 : 
1 1 
a8 
F 3 1 
12S 13 
= x7 
12 | 
48! if 
= £ l 
: 3 q 
Iz | 
5s N 
15 

? | 
9 
1 
55 

1s" F 
i " 


ad CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


can be ſafely drawn from that dreadful malady being 
more than once alluded to in Timon of Athens. However, 
it is pelſible that the following paſſages were ſuggeſted by 
the more immediate recollection of the plague which 
raged in 1609. | = 
* thank them,” ſays Timon, and would ſend them 
back the plague, could I but catch it for them.“ 
Again: | 
«© Be as a planetary plague, when Jove 
Will o'er ſome high-vic'd city hang his poiſon 
Ihe fick air.“ : | 


Cominius, in the panegyrick which he pronounces on 
Coriolanus, ſays, 


In the brunt of ſeventeen battles ſince 
Fe lurch'd all ſwords of the garland.” 


In Ben Jonſon's Silent Woman, Act V. ſc. laſt, we find 
(as Mr. Steevens has obſerved) the ſame phraſeology : 
4 You have lurch'd your friends of the better half of 
the garland.” 8 1 

I formerly thought this a ſneer at Shakſpeare; but 
have lately met with nearly the ſame phraſe in a pam- 
phlet written by Thomas Naſhe, and ſuppoſe it to have 
been a common phraſe of that time. | 

This play 1s aſcertained to have been written after the 
publication of Camden's Remaines, in 1605, by a ſpeech 
of Menenius in the firſt at, in which he endeavours to 
convince the ſeditious populace of their unreaſonableneſs 
by the well-known apologue of the members of the body 
rebelling againſt the belly. This tale Shakſpeare cer- 
tainly found in the Life of Coriolanus as tranſlated by 
North, and in general he has followed it as it 1s there 
given: but the ſame tale is alſo told of Adrian the 

| by Camden, in his Remaines, p. 199, under the 
head of Wi/e Speeches, with more particularity ; and one 


or two of the expreſſions, as well as the enumeration "a 
the 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 375 


the functions performed by each of the members of the 
body, appear to have been taken from that book. 
Ona time,” ſays Menenius in Plutarch, “ all the mem- 
bers of man's body dyd rebel againſt the bellie, complain- 
ing of it that it only remained in the mideſt of the bodie 
without doing any thing, neither dyd bear any labour to 
the maintenaunce of the reſt: whereas all other partes 
and members dyd labour paynefully, and was vert care- 
ful to ſatisfy the appetites and deſiers of the bodie. And 
ſo the bellie, all this notwithſtanding, laughed at their 
follie, and ſayde, it is true, I firſt receyve all meates 
that noriſhe mans bodie; but afterwardes I ſend it 
againe to the noriſhment of other partes of the ſame, 
Even ſo (qd. he,) o you, my maſters and citizens of 
Rome, &c. | 
In Camden the tale runs thus: All the members of 
the body conſpired againſt the ſtomach, as againſt the 
Fwallowing gulfe of all their labours; for whereas zhe 
cies beheld, the eares heard, the hanades laboured, the feete 
+ travelled, the tongue ſpake, and all partes performed their 
functions; onely the ſtomache lay ydle and conſumed all. 
Hereuppon they joyntly agreed al to forbeare their la- 
bours, and to pine away their lazie and publike enemy, 
One day paſſed over, the ſecond followed very tedious, 
but the third day was ſo grievous to them all, that they 
called a common counſel. The eyes waxed dimme, the 
feete could not ſupport the body ; the armes waxed lazie, 
the tongue faltered, and could not lay open the matter. 
Therefore they all with one accord defired the advice of 
the heart, There Reaſon layd open before them, &c. 


So Shakſpeare : 

* There was a time when all the body's members | Fi 

© Rebell'd againſt the belly; thus accus'd it ;— 111 

«© That only /ike a gulph it did remain | TY 

In the midſt of the body, idle and unactive, 1.8 
„ Still cupboarding the viand, never bearing + 

Like labour with the reſt; where theotherinftruments 

«« Did /ze and hear, deviſe, inſtruct, walk, feel, 

« And mutually participate did miniſter 

r «« Unto 


376 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 
«« Unto the appetite and affection common 
«© Of the whole body. The belly anſwered - 
« True it is, my incorporate friends, quoth he, 
4 'That I receive the general food at firſt ;— 
4 —— — Put, if you do remember, 
J ſend it through the rivers of the blood, 
«© Even to the court, the heart, to the ſeat 0 the brain. 


* 


The heart is called by one of the citizens, the 
counſellor-heart;“ and in making the counſellor-heart the 
ſeat of the brain or underſtanding, where Reaſon ſits en- 
throned, Shakſpeare has certainly followed Camden. | 

The late date which I have aſſigned to Coriolanus, derives 
likewiſe ſome ſupport from Volumnia's exhortation to 
her ſon, whom ſhe adviſes to addreſs the Roman people 


PP now humble as the -ipe/# mulberry, 
Which cannot bear the handling.“ | 


In a preceding page I have obſerved that mulberries 
were not much known in England before the year 1609, 
Some few mulberry-trees however had been brought 
from France and planted before that period, and Shak- 
ſpeare, we find, had ſeen ſome of the fruit in a ſtate of 
maturity before he wrote Coriolanus, 


33. Or RELIo, 1611. 


Dr. Warburton thinks that there is in this tragedy a 
ſatirical alluſion to the inſtitution of the order of Baro- 
nets, which dignity was created by king James I, in the 


year 1611: 


f The hearts of old gave hands, | 
« But our new heraldry is hands, not hearts.“ 
| Othello, Act III. ſc. iv. 


„ Amongſt their other prerogatives of honour, (ſays 
that commentator,) ** they [the new- created baronets] 
had an addition to their paternal arms, of an hand gules 
in an eſcutcheon argent. And we are not to doubt but 
that this was the new heraldry alluded to by our _— ; 

| Y 


Zr . ce 44, 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 377 


by which he inſinuates, that /ome then created had hands 
indeed, but not hearts; that is, money to pay for the creation, 
but no virtue to purchaſe the honour.” 

Such is the obſervation of this critick, But by what 
chymiſtry can the ſenſe which he has affixed to this paſ- 
ſage, be extracted from it? Or is it probable, that 
Shakſpeare, who has more than once condeſcended to be 
the encomiaſt of the unworthy founder of the order of 
Baronets, who had been perſonally honoured by a letrer 
from his majeſty, and ſubſtantially benefited by the royal 
licence granted to him and his fellow-comedians, ſhould 
have been ſo impolitick, as to ſatirize the king, or to 
| depretiate his new-created dignity ? 

Theſe lines appear to me to afford an obvious mean- 
ing, without ſuppoſing them to contain ſuch a multitude 
of alluſions : 


Of old, (ſays Othello,) in matrimonial alliances, the 


heart didtated the union of hands; but our modern junctions 
are thoſe of hands, not of hearts. 

On every marriage the arms of the wife are united to 
thoſe of the huſband. This circumſtance, I believe, it 
was, that ſuggeſted heraldry, in this place, to our au- 
thour. I know not whether a heart was ever uſed as an 
armorial enſign, nor is it, I conceive, neceſſary to in- 
quire. It was the office of the herald to join, or, to 
ſpeak technically, to quarter the arms of the new-mar- 
ried pair 7. Hence, with his uſual licence, Shakſpeare 
uſes. heraldry for junction, or union in general, Thus, in 
his Rape of Lucrece, the ſame term is employed to denote 
that anion of colours which conſtitutes a beatiful com- 
plexion: 


4e This heraldry in Lucrece' face was ſeen, 
« Argued by beauty's red, and virtue's white.“ 


This paſſage not affording us any aſſiſtance, we are 
next to conſider one in The Alchemiſt, by Ben Jonſon, 


7 c ] may quarter, coz,” ſays Slender in the Merry Wives of Wind- 
ſore © You may (replies juſtice Shallow) by marrying.”  _ 
| whieh, 


2 
* 2 — - 
— — — ” 


— — 
— 


— — == 
— — — ood » ; 
_ = 
: ? Teer 2 


ER —— — 


= — 


378 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


which, if it alluded to an incident in Othello, (as Mr. 
Steevens ſeems to think it does,) would aſcertain this 
play to have appeared before 1610, in which year The 
Alchemiſt was firſt ated : FE 


«« Loavewit. Didſt thou hear, a cry, ſay*ſ thou? 
«© Neighb. Yes, ſir, like unto a man that had been 
ſtrangled an hour, and could not ſpeak.” 


But I doubt whether Ozhe/lo was here in Jonſon's con- 
templation. Old Ben generally ſpoke out; and if he 
bad intended to ſneer at the manner of Deſdemona's 
death, I think, he would have taken care that his mean- 
ing ſhould not be miſs' d, and would have written“ like 


unto a woman,”” &Cc. | | 

This tragedy was not entered on the books of the 
Stationers* company, till Oct. 6, 1621, nor printed till 
the following year; but it was acted at court early in 
the year 16135. How long before that time it had 
appeared, I have not been able to aſcertain, either from 
the play itſelf, or from any contemporary production. I 
have, however, perſuaded myſelf that it was one of 
Shakſpeare's lateſt performances: a ſuppoſition, to which 
the acknowledged excellence of the piece gives ſome de- 
gree of probability. It is here attributed to the year 
1611, becauſe Dr. Warburton's comment on the paſſage 
above-cited may convince others, though, I confeſs it 
does not ſatisfy me. 

Emilia and Lodovico, two of the characters in this play, 
are likewiſe two of the perſons repreſented in May- day, 
a comedy by Chapman, firſt printed in 1611. 


34. Tax TEMPEST, 1612. 


Though ſome account of the Bermuda Iſlands, which 
are mentioned in this play, had been publiſhed in 1600, 
(as Dr. Farmer has obſerved,) yet as they were not 
generally known till Sir George Somers arrived there 


in 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 379 


n 1609, The Tempeſt may be fairly attributed to a period 
ſubſequent to that year: eſpecially as it exhibits ſuch 
ſtrong internal marks of having been a late production. 

The entry at Stationers' hall does not contribute to 
aſcertain the time of its compoſition; for it appears not 
on the Stationers? books, nor was it printed, till 1623, 
when it was publiſhed with the reſt of our authour's plays 
in folio : in which edition, having, I ſuppoſe by mere 
accident, obtained the firſt place, it has ever fince pre- 
ſerved a ſtation to which indubitably it is not entitled“. 

As the circumſtance from which this piece receives its 
name, is at an end in the very firſt ſcene, and as many 
other titles, all equally proper, might have occurred to 
Shakſpeare, (ſuch as The Inchanted Iſland, —T he Baniſhed 
Duke, Ferdinand and Miranda, &c.) it is poſſible, that 
ſome particular and recent event determined him to call 
it The Tempel. It appears from Stowe's Chronicle, p. 913, 
that in the October, November, and December of the 
year 1612, a dreadful tempeſt happened in England, 
« avhich did exceeding great damage, with extreme ſbip- 
ewrack throughout the ocean. There periſhed®* (ſays 
the hiſtorian) above an hundred ſbips in the ſpace of two 
houres.”*— Several pamphlets were publiſhed on this 
_ occaſion, decorated with prints of ſinking veſſels, caftles 

topling on their warders' heads, the devil overturning 
ſteeples, &c. In one of them, the authour deſcribing 
the appearance of the waves at Dover, ſays, ** the whole 
ſeas appeared like a fiery world, all ſparkling red. An- 
other of theſe narratives recounts the eſcape of Edmond 

Pet, a ſailor ; whoſe preſervation appears to have been 
no leſs marvellous than that of Trinculo or Stephano : 
and ſo great a terror did this tempeſt create in the minds 
of the people, that a form of prayer was ordered on the 
occaſion, which is annexed to one of the publications 
above mentioned. | 

There is reaſon to believe that ſome of our authour's 
dramas obtained their names from the ſeaſons at which 
they were produced. It is not very eaſy to account for 


wedit- an cn © nal 


roads. £ASa. oo mo oe. - 
—— — — « "_— 1 9 . 
= 22 == - | — — 
— : 2 _ _ 2 — - 
— _— - - — - — - - 
— —  -_ s. by 
— — * -_ 4 r = ” 


9Sce p. 354, Article, Cymbeline. 


j 


380 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


the title of Tave/fth Night, but by ſuppoſing it to have 
been firſt exhibited in the Chriſtmas holydays *. Neither 
the title of A Mid/ummer-Night's Dream, nor that of The 
Winter's Tale, denotes the ſeaſon of the action; the 
events which are the ſubje& of the latter, occurring at 
the time of ſheep-ſhearing, and the dream, from which 
the former receives its name, happening on the night 
* May-day — Theſe titles, therefore, were pro- 

ably ſuggeſted by the ſeaſon at which the plays were 
exhibited, to which they belong; 4 M:a/ummer-Night's 
Dream having, we may preſume, been firſt repreſented in 
June, and The Winter's Tale in December. 

Perhaps then it may not be thought a very impro- 
bable conjecture, that this comedy was written in the 
ſummer of 1612, and produced on the ſtage in the latter 
end of that year ; and that the authour availed himſelf 
of a circumſtance then freſh in the minds of his audience, 
by affixing a title to it, which was more likely to excite 
curioſity than any other that he could have choſen, while 
at the ſame time it was ſufficiently juſtified by the ſubject 
of the drama. | - | 
Mr. Steevens, in his obſervations on this play, has 
quoted from the tragedy of Darius by the earl of Ster- 
line, firſt printed in 1603, ſome lines“ ſo ſtrongly re- 

| | | ſembling 

1 It was formerly an eſtabliſhed cuſtom to have plays repreſented at 
court in the Chriſtmas holydays, aud particularly on Twelfth Night. 
Two of Lily's comedies ¶ Alexander and Campaſpe, 1534, and Mydas, 
I592,) are ſaid in their title-pages, to have been played befoore the queenes 
majeſtie on Twelfe-day at night 3 and ſeveral of Ben Jonſon's maſques 
were preſented at Whitehall, on the ſame feſtival. Our authour's 
| Lowe's Labour's Loft was exhibited before queen Elizabeth in the 
Chriſtmas holydays; and his King Lear was acted before king James 
on St. Stephen's night: the night after Chriſtmas-day. 

2 Let greatneſs of her glaſſy ſcepters vaunt, 

& Not ſcepters, no but reeds, ſoon bruis'd, ſoon broken, 
& And let this worldly pomp our wits enchant, 

All fades, and ſcarcely leaves behind a token, 
«© Thoſe golden palaces, thoſe gorgeous halls, 

« With furniture rad ans + Kir, 


« Thoſe ſtately courts, thoſe ſty-encount ring walls, 
% ZEvaniſh all like vapours in the air,” | 


e eee A ee RSS r 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 381 


ſembling a celebrated paſſage in The Tempeſt, that one 
authour muſt, I apprehend, have been indebted to the 
other. Shakſpeare, I imagine, borrowed from lord 
Sterline 3. | | 
Mr. Holt conjectured“, that the maſque in the fifth 
act of this comedy was intended by the poet as a com- 
pliment to the earl of Eſſex, on his being united in wed- 
lock, in 1611, to lady Frances Howard, to whom he 
had been contracted ſome years before 5. However this 
might have been, the date which that commentator has 
aſſigned to this play, (1614,) is certainly too late; for it 
appears from the Mſs. of Mr. Vertue, that the Tempeſt 
was acted by John Heminge and the reſt of the King's 
Company, bathe prince Charles, the lady Elizabeth, 
and the prince Palatine elector, in the beginning of the 
year 1613. | 3 

The names of Trinculo and Antonio, two of the charac- 
ters in this comedy, are likewiſe found in that of Albu- 
magar; which was printed in 1614, but is ſuppoſed by 
Dryden to have appeared ſome years before. 

Ben Jonſon probably meant to ſneer at this play in the 
prologue to Every man in his humour, firſt printed in 
1616, and probably written a few years before: 


6x nor tempeſtuous drum 


* Rumble to tell you when zhe form will come.” 


46 Theſe our actors, 

C6 As I fotetold you, were all ſpirits, and 

« Are melted into air, into thin air; 

44 And, like the baſeleſs fabrick of this viſion, 

6 The cloud-capt tow'rs, the gorgeous palaces, 

« The ſolemn temples, the great globe itſelf, 

« Yea, all which it inherit, ſhall diſſolve, 

ce And, like this unſubſtantial pageant faded, 

cc Leave not a rack behind.” Tempeſt, Act IV. ſc. i. 

3 See a note on Julius Cæſar, Act I. ſc. i. 

4 Obſervations on the Tempeſt, p. 67. Mr. Holt imagined, that 
lord Eſſex was united to lady Frances Howard in 1610; but he was 
miſtaken ; their union did not take place till the next year. 

5 Jan. 5, 1606-7. The earl continued abroad four years from that 
time; ſo that he did not cohabit with his wife till 1611. p 

n 


382 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


In the induction to his Bartholomew Fair he has endea- 
voured to depretiate this beautiful comedy by calling it 
a foolery. Dryden, however, informs us that it was a very 
popular play at Blackfriars, but unluckily has not ſaid a 
word relative to the time of its firſt repreſentation there, 
though he might certainly have received information on 
that ſubject from Sir William D' Avenant. | 

The only note of time which I have obſerved in this 
play, is in Act II. ſc. ii. — when they | the Engliſh] 
w1ll not give a doit to relieve a lame beggar, they will 
lay out ten te ſee a dead Indian.” This probably al- 
ludes to ſome recent circumſtance with which I am un- 
acquainted, | | 


35. Twelrrn Ni o HT, 1614. 


It has been generally believed, that Shakſpeare retired 
from the theatre, and ceaſed to write, about three years 
before he died. The latter ſuppoſition muſt now be con- 
ſidered as extremely doubtful ; for Mr. Tyrwhitt, with 
great probability, conjectures, that Twelfth Night was 
written in 1614: grounding his opinion on an alluſion , 
which it ſeems to contain, to thoſe parliamentary ander- 
takers of whom frequent mention is made in the Jour- 
nals of the Houſe of Commons for that year? ; who were 
ſtigmatized with this invidious name, on account of their 
having «ndertaken to manage the elections of knights and 
burgeſſes in ſuch a manner as to ſecure a majority in par- 
liament for the court. If this alluſion was intended, 
Twelfth Night was probably our authour's laſt produc- 
tion; and, we may preſume, was written after he had 
retired to Stratford. It is obſervable that Mr. Aſhley, 
a member of the Houſe of Commons, in one of the de- 
bates on this fubjeR, ſays, that the rumour concern- 
ing theſe undertakers had fpread into the country. 


6 C Nay, if you be an undertaker, I am for you.” See Twelfth 
Night, Act IV. ſc. iii. and the note there. 
7 Comm. Journ. Vol. I. p. 456, 457, 470. 


When 


wn di — — ... ̃ ̃ «Nas EE wr —— * : 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 383 
When Shakſpeare quitted London and his profeſſion, 


for the tranquillity of a rural retirement, it is improba- 
ble that ſuch an excurſive genius ſhould have been im- 
mediately reconciled to a ſtate of mental inactivity. It 
is more natural to conceive, that he ſhould have occaſion- 


- ally bent his thoughts towards the theatre, which his 


muſe had ſupported, and the intereſt of his aſſociates 
whom he had left behind him to ſtruggle with the capri- 
cious viciſſitudes of publick taſte, and whom, his laſt Will 
ſhews us, he had not forgotten. To the neceſſity, there- 
fore, of literary amuſement to every cultivated mind, or 
to the dictates of friendſhip, or to both theſe incentives, 
we are perhaps indebted for the comedy of Twelfth 
Night ; which bears evident marks of having been com- 
poſed at leiſufe, as moſt of the characters that it contains, 
are finiſhed to a higher degree of dramatick perfection, 
than 1s diſcoverable in ſome of our authour's earlier 
comick performances 5, | | 

In the third act of this comedy, Decker's Veſtabard 


Hoe ſeems to be alluded to. Weſtward Hoe was printed 


in 1607, and from the prologue to Zaftward Hoe appears 
to have been acted in 1604, or before. 1— 
Maria, in Twelfth Night, ſpeaking of Malvolio, ſays, 
«© he does {mile his face into more lines than the eau 
map with the augmentation of the Indies.“ I have not 
been able to learn the date of the map here alluded to; 
but, as it is ſpoken of as a recent publication, it may, 
when diſcovered, ſerve to aſcertain the date of this play 
more exactly. | 
The comedy of What you will, (the ſecond title of the 
play now before us,)which was entered at Stationers' hall, 
Aug. 9, 1607, was certainly Marſton's play, as it was 
printed in that year for T. Thorpe, by whom the above- 
mentioned entry was made; and it appears to have been 
the general practice of the bookſellers at that time, re- 


8 The comedies particularly alluded to, are, A Midſummer-Night's 
Dream, The Comedy of Errors, Lowe's Labour's Left, and The Two 
Gentlemen of Verona. 0 | 


cently 


384 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER 


cently before publication, to enter thoſe plays of which 
they had procured copies. | 

Twelfth Night was not regiſtered on the Stationers? 
books, nor printed, till 1623. | 
It has been thought, that Ben Jonſon intended to ridi- 

eule the conduct of this play, in his Every Man out of his 
Humour, at the end of Act III. ſc. vi. where he makes 
Mitis ſay,—** That the argument of his comedy might 
have been of ſome other nature, as of a duke to be in 
love with a counteſs, and that counteſs to be in love with 
the duke's ſon, and the ſon in love with the lady's wait- 
ing-maid: ſome ſuch croſs wooing, with a clown to their 
ſerving-man, better than be thus near and familiarly 
allied to the time 9.” 

I do not, however, believe, that Jonſon had here 
Twelfth Night in contemplation. If an alluſion to this 
comedy were intended, it would aſcertain it to have been 
written before 1599, when Every Man out of his Humonr 
was firſt aged. But Meres does not mention T7 wel/7h 
Night in 1598, nor is there any reaſon to believe that it 
then exiſted. | . | 

«« Mrs. Mall's picture,“ which is mentioned in this 
play, probably means the picture of Moll Cutpurſe, who 
was born in 1585, and made much noiſe in London 
about the year 1611. RY | 

The Sophy of Perſia is twice mentioned in Tavelfth 
Night. I. I will not give my part of this ſport for a 
penſion of thouſands to be paid by the Sophy.*?* 2. He 
pays you as ſure as your feet hit the ground you ſtep on. 
They ſay he has been fencer to the Sophy.*? 

When Shakſpeare wrote the firſt of theſe paſſages, he 
was perhaps thinking of Sir Robert Shirley, who,“ 
ſays Stowe's Continuator, “after having ſerved the So- 
phy of Perſia for ten years as general of artillerie, and 
married the Lady Tereſa, whoſe ſiſter was one of the 
queens of Perſia, arrived in England as ambaſſador 
from the Sophy in 1612. After ſtaying one year he 


9 See the firſt note on Twelfth Nigbt, Act I. ſc. 1. , 
| an 


OF SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS. 385 


and his wife returned to Perſia, (Jan. 1612-13,) leaving 
a fon, to whom the queen was godmother, and Prince 
Henry godfather.” 5 
Camden's account agrees with this, for according to 
him Sir Robert Shirley came to England on his em- 
baſſy, June 26, 1612: but both the accounts are errone- 
ous; for Sir Robert Shirley certainly arrived in London 
as ambaſſador from the Sophy in 1611, as appears from 
a letter written by him to Henry prince of Wales, dated 
Nov. 4, 1611, requeſting the prince to be godfather to | 
his ſon *. Sir Robert, and his Perſian Lady, at this time : i 
made much noiſe ; and Shakſpeare, it is highly probable, 
here alludes to the magnificence which he diſplayed 
during his ſtay in England, out of the funds allotted to 
him by the emperor of Perſia. He remained in England 
about eighteen months, | 


— 


If the dates here aſſigned to our authour's plays ſnould 
not, in every inſtance, bring with them conviction of | 
their propriety, let it be remembered, that this is a ſub- if 
ject on which conviction cannot at this day be obtained; | 
and that the obſervations now ſubmitted to the publick, || 
do not pretend, to any higher title than that of AN if 
ATTEMPT to aſcertain the chronology of the dramas of 'l 
Shakſpeare.” | | 

Should the errors and deficiencies of this eſſay invite | 
others to deeper and more ſucceſsful reſearches, the end 
propoſed by it will be attained : and he who offers the 
preſent arrangement of Shakſpeare's dramas, will be 

happy to transfer the ſlender portion of credit that may 
reſult from the: novelty of his undertaking, to ſome 
future claimant, who may be ſupplied with ampler mate- | 
rials, and endued with a ſuperior degree of antiquarian 
ſagacity. | | | 

To ſome, he is not unapprized, this inquiry will ap- 

pear a tedious and barren ſpeculation, But there are 


. 
— _ — wo —_ 
* — — —ů —„— > — 4 

— — 1 25 — 
— — - 4 . 5 

1 

+ - - L, 

A m— 


Y —— ”" 4 


— — — — 


—— W —ͤ 


1 Mſs. Harl. 7008. | 
Vorn Is [Bb] many, 


— — ä — 


— — * — — ns ES * — . 2 1 OO * " — -— b — 2 » —_ 
— I NN NI — 7«7ð˙ > tp —— <nes —— . —⏑————— ar Ix — — — * 


NO oa ——ͤ— «„ — —̃ — —— — * 
a — 


_ —ä— T— — 4 


| 


386 CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER, &e. 


many, it is hoped, who think nothing which relates to 
the brighteſt ornament of the Engliſh nation, whoily 
unintereſting ; who will be gratified by obſerving, how 
the genius of our great poet gradually expanded itſelf, 
till, like his own Ariel, it flamed amazement in ever 

quarter, blazing forth with a. luſtre, that has not hither. 
to been equalled, and probably will never be ſurpaſſed, 


MALON A. 


— ali NPR ITY 6. "oy * 8 


SHAKSPEARE, FORD, AND ION SON. 


— ubi nulla fugam reperit fallacia, victus, 
In /eſe redit. , ViRG. 


I HAVE long had great doubts concerning the authen- 
ticity of the facts mentioned in a letter printed in 
a former page, [ſee p. 202,] giving a pretended extract 
from a pamphlet of the laſt age, entitled “ Old Ben's 
Light Heart made heavy by young John's Melancholy Lo- 
ver,“ containing ſome anecdotes of Shakſpeare, Ben 
Jonſon, and John Ford, the dramatick poet; and ſuſ- 
pected that the plauſible tale which the writer of the let- 
ter alluded to has told, was an innocent forgery, fabri- 
cated for the purpoſe of aiding a benefit, and making the 
town believe that The Lover's Melancholy came from the 
mint of Shakſpeare. Some additional information on 
this ſubject, which I have lately obtained, appears to 
me ſo deciſively to confirm and eſtabliſh my opinion, 
that I ſhall here, though ſomewhat out of place, devote 
a few pages to the examination of this queſtion. 
Having always thought with indignation on the taſte- 
leſſneſs of the ſcholars of that age in preferring Jonſon to 
Shakſpeare after the death of the latter, I did not find 
myſelf much inclined to diſpute the authenticity of a pa- 
per, which, in its general tenour, was conformable to my 
own notions: but the love of truth ought ever to be ſupe- 
rior to ſuch conſiderations, Our poet's fame is fixed upon a 
baſis as broad and general as the caſing air, and ſtands in 
no need of ſuch meretricious aids as the pen of fiction 
may be able to furniſh. However, before I entered on 
this diſcuſſion, I thought it incumbent on me to apply to 
Mr. Macklin, the authour of the letter in queſtion, upon 
the ſubject: but his memory is ſo much impaired, (he 
being now in the ninety-firſt year of his age,) that he 
ſcarcely recolle&s having written ſuch a letter, much 
leſs the circumſtances attending it. I ought, however, 
to add, that I had ſome vers with him a few years 
ago upon the ſame topick, and then ſtrongly urged to 
FB b2] him 


388 SHAKSPEARE, FORD, 


| Him that no kind of diſgrace could attend his owning 
that this letter was a mere jeu d'eſprit, written for an 
occaſional harmleſs purpoſe : but he perſiſted in aſſerting 
that the pamphlet of which he has given an account, 
(for which I in vain offered by a publick advertiſement, 
continued for ſome time in the newſpapers, to pay two 
guineas, and of which no copy has been found in any 
publick or private library in the courſe of forty years,) 
was once in his poſſeſſion; was printed in quarto, and 
bound up with ſeveral ſmall political tracts of the ſame 
eriod ; and was loſt with a large collection of old plays 
and other books, on the coaſt of Ireland, in the year 
1760, I cannot therefore boaſt, habeo confitentem reum. 
However, let the point be tried by thoſe rules of evidence 
which regulate trials of greater importance; and I make 
no doubt that I ſhall be able to produce ſuch teſtimony 
as ſhall conviR our veteran comedian of having, ſportive- 
Jy, ingeniouſly, and falſely, (though with no malice 
afore-thought,) invented and fabricated the narrative 
given in the letter already mentioned, contrary to the 
Statute of Biography, and other wholeſome laws of the 
Parnaſſian Code, in this caſe made and provided, for the 
ſecurity of the rights of authours, and the greater cer- 
tainty and authenticity of dramatick hiſtory. TT 
Nor let our poet's admirers be at all alarmed, or ſhrink 
from this diſcuſſion; for after this ſlight and temporary 
fabrick, erected to his honour, ſhall have been demoliſh- 
ed, there will ftill remain abundant proofs of the gentle- 
neſs, modeſty, and humility, of Shakſpeare; of the 
overweening arrogance of old Ben; and of the ridiculous 
abſurdity of his partizans, who for near a century ſet 
above our great dramatick poet a writer whom no man is 
now hardy enough to mention as even his competitor. 

I mult premiſe, that The Lover's Melancholy, written 
by John Ford, was announced for repreſentation at 
Drury-lane theatre on Friday the 22d of April, 1748. Mr. 
Steevens has mentioned that it was performed for a bere- 
At; but the perſon for whoſe benefit this play was acted 
is in the preſent caſe very material: it was. performed 


for 


AND JONSON. 


for the benefit of Mrs. Macklin; and conſequently it was 
the intereſt of Mr. Macklin that the entertainment of that 
night ſhould prove profitable, or in other words that ſuch 
expectation ſhould be raiſed among the frequenters of the 
playhouſe as ſhould draw together a numerous audience. 
Mr. Macklin, who had then been on the ſtage about 
twenty-five years, was ſufficiently converſant with the 


arts of puffing, which, though now practiſed with perhaps 


ſuperior dexterity, have at all times (by whatever name 
they may have gone) been tolerably well underſtood : 
and accordingly on Tueſday the 19th of April, three 
days before the day appointed for his wife's benefit, he 
. inſerted the following letter in The General (now The Pub- 
lick) Advertiſer, which appears to have eſcaped the no- 
tice of my predeceſſor : | | 
«© Sir, | 

As The Lover's Melancholy, which is to be revived 
on Friday next at the theatre-royal in Drury-Lane, for 
the benefit of Mrs. Macklin, is a ſcarce play, and in a 
very few hands, it is hoped, that a ſhort account of the 
author, his works in general, and of that piece in par- 
ticular, will not be unacceptable to the publick. 

John Ford, Eſq. was of the Middle Temple, and 
though but a young man when Shakſpeare left the ſtage, 
yet as he lived in ſtrict friendſhip with him till he died, 
which appears by ſeveral of Ford's ſonnets and verſes, it 
may be ſaid with ſome propriety that he was a contem- 
porary of that great man's.“ 

It is ſaid that he wrote twelve or fourteen dramatic 
pieces, eight of which only have been collected, viz. 
The Broken Heart, Lowe's Sacrifice, Perkin Warbeck, The 
Ladies“ Trial, Tis Pity ſhe's a Whore, The Sun's Darling, 
a Maſque, and The. Lover's Melancholy.“ 

© Moſt of thoſe pieces have great merit in them, par- 
ticularly The Lover's Melancholy; which in the private 
opinion of many admirers of the ſtage, is written with 
an art, eaſe, and dramatick ſpirit, inferior to none be- 
fore or ſince his time, Shakſpeare excepted.” 

„The moral of this play is obvious and laudable ; 
the fable natural, ſimple, intereſting, and perfect in all 


B b 31 | its 


am 


390 SHAKSPEARE, FORD, 
its parts; the action one and entire; the time twelve 
hours, and the place a palace.“ 

„The writing, as the piece is of that ſpecies of the 
drama, which is neither tragedy, nor comedy, but a 
play, 1s often in familiar, and ſometimes in elevated, 

roſe, after the manner of Shakſpeare ; but when his ſub. 
Jet and characters demand it, he has ſentiment, diction, 
and flowing numbers, at command.“ 

© His characters are natural, and well choſen, and fo 
diſtin in manners, fentiment, and language, that each 
as he ſpeaks would diſtinctly live in the reader's judg- 
ment, without the common help of marginal directions.“ 

© As Ford was an intimate and a profefſed admirer of 
Shakſpeare, it is not to be wondered at, that he offer 
thinks and expreſſes like him; which is not his misfortune, 
but his happineſs ; for when he is moſt like Shakſpeare, 
he is moſt ike nature. He does not put you in mind of 
him like a plagiariſt, or an affected mere imitator ; but 
like a true genius, who had ſtudied under that great man, 
and could not avoid catching ſome of his divine excel- 
ines *- | 

© This praiſe perhaps by ſome people may be thought too 
much: of that the praiſer pretends not to be a judge; he 
only ſpeaks his own feeling, not with an intent to impoſe, 
but to recommend a treaſure to the publick, that for a cen- 
tury has been buried in obſcurity ; which her they have 
ſeen, he flatters himſelf that they will think as well of it 
as he does ; and ſhould that be the caſe, the following 


verſes, written by Mr. Ford's contemporaries, will ſſiew, 


that neither the preſent publick, nor the letter-writer, 
are ſingular in their eſteem of The Lover's Melancholy. 


<« To my honoured friend, Maſter Jonn Forp, 
on his [excellent play, The] * Lover's Melancholy, 


ce If that thou think& theſe lines thy worth can raiſe, 
Thou doſt miſtake; my liking is no praiſe; 


2 The words within crotchets here and below were interpolated by 


Mr. Macklin, not being found in the original. 2 
t Nor 


. AND JONSON. 391 
«© Nor can I think thy judgment is ſo ill, 
6 To ſeek for bays from ſuch a barren quill. 
«© Let your true critick that can judge and mend, 
« Allow thy ſcenes, and ſtile: I, as a friend 
*© That knows thy worth, do only ftick my name, 
To ſhew my love, not to advance thy fame.“ 

G. Dox NE. 


On [that excellent play] The Lover's Melancholy. 


© ?Tts not the language, nor the fore-plac*d rhimes 
64 Of friends that ſhall commend to after-times 
«« The Lover's Melancholy; its own worth 
* Without a borrow'd praiſe ſhall ſet it forth.“ 
55 | PariLos®, 
Your's; .-* Bn 


How far The Lover's Melancholy is entitled to all this 
high praiſe, it is not my buſineſs at preſent to inquire. 
I ſhall only obſerve, that this kind of prelude to a benefit 
play appears at that period to have been a common arti- 
fice. For The Muſes Looking-Glaſs, an old comedy of Ran- 
dolph's, being revived for the benefit of Mr. Ryan in 
1748, J find an account of the authour, and an high elo- 
gium on his works, in the form of a letter, inſerted in 
the month of March, in the ſame newſpaper. | 

In the preceding letter it is obſervable, we are only 
told that the authour of T he Lewer*s Melancholy lived in the 
ſtricteſt intimacy with Shakſpeare till he gied, as appears 
by ſeveral of Ford"s Sonnets and Verſes (which unluckily, 
however, are no where to be found); that the piece is 
inferior to none written before or ſince, except thoſe of 
Shakſpeare ; that as Ford was an intimate and profeſſed 
admirer of Shakſpeare, and had ſtudied under him, it is 
not to be wondered at that it ſhould be written in his 
manner, and that the authour ſhould have caught ſome 
portion of his divine excellence: but no hint 1s yet given, 


3 In the original, this ſignature is in Greek characters, o Se; 
a language with which Mr. Macklin is unacquainted. In this inſtance 
therefore he muſt have had the aſſiſtance of ſome more learned friend. 


[B b 41 that 


—ͤ—— ——— 


' 
' 
. 
; 
[ 


8 ————— 


at ˙ („ — —k — — — 


392 SHAKSPE ARE, FORD, 


that The Lover's Melancholy had a ſtill higher claim to the 


attention of the town than being written in Shakſpeare's 
manner, namely its being ſuppoſed to be compiled from 
the papers of that great poet, which, after his death, as 
we ſhall preſently hear, fell into Ford's hands. And 
yet undoubtedly this valuable piece of information was 
on Monday the 21ft day of April, (when this letter ap- 
pears to have been written,) in Mr. Macklin's poſſeſſion, 
Fever he was paſſeſſed of it; for ſo improbable a circum- 
ſtance will not, I ſuppoſe, be urged, as that he found 
the uncommon pamphlet in which it 1s ſaid to be con- 
tained, between that day and the following Friday. | 
Judiciouſly as the preceding letter was calculated to 
attain the end for which it was written, it appears not 
to have made a ſufficient impreſſion on the publick. All 
the boxes for Mrs. Macklin's benefit, it ſhould ſeem, 
were not yet taken; and the town was not quite ſo anxi- 
ous as might have been expected, to ſee this tranſcendent 
and incomparable ſecular tragedy ; though it was an- 
nounced in the bills as not having been performed for 
one hundred years; though its moral, fable, and action, 
were all perfect and entire; though the time conſumed 
in the drama was as little as the moſt rigid French cri- 
tick could exact; and though the audience during the 
whole repreſentation would enjoy the ſupreme felicity of 
beholding not a foreſt, an open plain, or a common 
room, but the inſide of a palace. What then was to be 
done? An ordinary application having failed, Spaniſh 
flies are to be tried; for though the publick might not 
go to ſee a play written in the manner of Shakſpeare, they 
could not be ſo inſenſible as not to have ſome curioſity 
about a piece, which, if the inſinuations of the authour's 
contemporaries were to be credited, was actually written 


Ey him; a play, which none of them had ever ſeen repre- 


ſented, and very few had read or even heard of. Mr. 
Barry, a principal PO in this revived tragedy, is 
very commodiouſiy taken ill; and the repreſentation, which 
had been announced for Friday the 22d, is deferred to 
Thurſday the 28th, of April. Full of the new idea, the 


letter-writer takes up his pen; but fabricks of this kind 
| are 


AND JONSON, 393 
are not eaſily conſtructed, fo as to be ſecure on every 
fide from aſſault. However, in three days the whole 
ſtructure was raiſed; and on Saturday morning the 23d 
of April appeared in The General Advertiſer a Second 
Eulogy on The Lover's Melancholy, which I am now to 
examine. - 

This letter of the 23d of April which we are now to 
conſider, having been printed in a former page“, the 
reader can eaſily turn to it. Before, however, I enter 
upon an examination of its contents, I will juſt obſerve, 
that the attention of the publick had been drawn in a 

)eculiar manner to our authour's productions by the pub- 
| fication of Dr. Warburton's long expected edition of his 
plays in the preceding year, and was ſtill more ſtrongly 


fixed on the ſame object by Mr. Edwards's ingenious 


Canons of Critici/m, which firſt appeared in the month of 
April, 1748. | 


Mr. Macklin begins his ſecond letter with the men- 


tion of a pamphlet written in the reign of Charles the 
Firſt, with this quaint title“ Old Ben's Light Heart 
made heavy by young John's Melancholy Lover; and 
as this curious pamphlet contains ſome hiſtorical anec- 
dotes and altercations concerning Ben Jonſon, Ford, 
Shakſpeare, and The Lover's Melancholy, he makes no 
doubt that a few extracts from it will“ at this juncture 
be acceptable to the publick. 

He next obſerves, that Ben Jonſon from great cri- 
tical language, learning, he ſhould have ſaid,) which 
was then the portion of but very few, from his merit as 
a poet, and his aſſociation with men of letters, for a con- 
ſiderable time gave laws to the ſtage. That old Ben was 
ſplenetick, ſour, and envious ; too proud of his own 
works, and too ſevere in his cenſure of thoſe of his con- 
temporaries. 'That this arrogance raiſed him many ene- 
mies, who were particularly offended by the //ights and 
malignancies which the rigid Ben threw out againſt the 
lowly Shakſpeare, ©© whole fame, /ince his death, as ap- 
pears by the pamphlet, was grown too great for Ben's 
envy either to bear with or wound.“ 


1 See p. 203. 


To 


— —— = . 
- 


„ 
— — — < —— : 
2 - N ” _ " K 
—— —— — „ —öĩ — — — 
[ 


394 SHAKSPEARE, FORD, 


To give the whole of theſe invectives, we are then 
told, would take up too much room ; but among other 
inſtances of Jonſon's ill- nature and ingratitude to Shak- 
ſpeare, ** who firſt introduced him to the theatre and to 

ame, it is ftated, from the pamphlet, that Ben had 
aſſerted, that Shakſpeare had indeed wit and imagina- 
tion, but that they were not guided by judgment, being 
ever ſervile to raiſe the laughter of fools and the won- 
der of the ignorant; that he had little Latin, and leſs 
Greek: and the writer of the pamphlet, as a further 
proof of Ben's malignity, quotes ſome lines from the 
prologue to Every man in his humour ,— 


To make a child new ſwaddled, to proceed 
«© Man, and then ſhoot up, in one beard and weed, 
«© Paſt threeſcore years, &c. 


which were levelled at ſome of Shakſpeare's plays. The 
firft of the lines quoted, and above given, we are told in 
a note, was pointed at The Winter's Tale; but whether 
this note was furniſhed by the pamphlet or by the writer 
of the letter, we are left to conjecture. Whichſoever of 
theſe we are to ſuppoſe, the fact is undoubtedly not true; 
for the new-born child introduced in The Winter's Tale 
never does in the courſe of the play ſhoot up nan, being 
no other than the lovely Perdita. In the following lines 
however of that prologue, our poet is undoubtedly ſneer- 
ed at. | 8 

So much for Shakſpeare. We are now brought to The 
Lover's Melancholy ; the extraordinary ſucceſs of which, 
the pamphlet informs us, wounded Ben the more ſenſi- 
bly, as it was brought out on the ſame ſtage, and 12 
the ſame week, with his New Inn or Light Heart, which 
was damned; and as Ford, the writer of The Lower's 
Melancholy, was at the head of Shakſpeare's parti- 
zans. The ill ſucceſs of the Light Heart, we are next 
told, ſo incenſed Jonſon, that, when he printed his play, 
he deſcribed it in the title-page, as a comedy never ated, 
But moſt negligently played by ſome, the king's idle ſer- 
wants, and more ſqueamiſhly beheld and cenſured by others, 
the king's fooliſh ſubjects; and immediately upon this, —_ 

% the 


AND JONSON. 395 


the letter-writer, he wrote his famous ode, Come, leave 
the loathed ſtage, & c. The revenge which he took on 
Ford, was, we are told, (from the pamphet, ) the writing 
an epigram upon him, in which there is an alluſion, as 
we are informed in a note, to a character in a play of 
Ford's, which Ben ſays, Ford ftole from him. 

The next information which we derive from this curi- 
ous pamphlet, is entirely new, no trace of it being 
found in the preface prefixed by the firſt editors to the 
folio edition of Shakſpeare's plays in 1623, or in any 
other book of thoſe times. This curious fact is, that 
John Ford, in conjunction with our poet's friends, 
Heminge and Condell, had the reviſal of his papers 
after his death; and that Ben aſſerted, Ford's Lover's Me- 

lancholy, by the connivance of his aſſociates in this truſt, 


was ſtolen from thoſe papers. This malicious charge 


gave birth, we are told, to many verſes and epigrams, 
which are ſet forth in the pamphlet, but the letter-writer 


contents himſelf with producing two copies of theſe verſes 


only *, to one of which is ſubſcribed the name of Thomas 
May, and to the other theſe words: ** Endim, Porter, 
the ſuppoſed author of theſe verſes. | 
Such is the ſubſtance of Mr. Macklin's ſecond letter. 
Let us now ſeparately examine the parts of which it is 
compoſed. | | h 
The quaint title which the writer of this letter has 
given to this creature of his own imagination, (for ſo I 
ſha! now take leave to call the pamphlet,) Old Ben's 
Light Heart made heavy by young John's Melancholy 
Lower, is, it muſt be acknowledged, moſt Nani 
invented, and is ſo much in the manner of thoſe times, 
that it for a.long time ſtaggered my incredulity, and al- 
moſt convinced me of the authenticity of the piece to 
which it is ſaid to have been affixed : and not a little, 
without doubt, did the inventor plume himſelf on ſo 
fortunate a thought. But how ſhort-ſighted is man! 


* Of all the ancient poems which Chatterton pretended to have 
found in the famous Briſtol cheſt, he wiſely produced, I think, but 
four, that he ventured to call originals, . 

This 


— — 
— — 
— 


_— —— 


„ re cond — 


— — _ 
— — — 2 — 
— — 


— —— — — — IR — 


} 


— 


396 SHAKSPEARE, FORD, 


'This very title, which the writer thus probably exulted 
in, and ſuppoſed would ſerve him, | 


* as a Charmed ſhield, 
* And eke enchanted arms that none might pierce,” 


is one of the moſt deciſive circumſtances to prove his 
forgery. | 
Neſcia mens hominum fati, ſortiſque futurz ! 

Turno tempus erit, magno cum optaverit emptum 


Intactum Pallanta, et cum ſpolia iſta, diemque 
Oderit.— | 


Pallas te, hoc vulnere, Pallas 
Immolat, et pœnam ſcelerato ex ſanguine ſumit. 


Ben Jonſon was in his own time frequently called the 
udicious Ben, the learned Ben, the immortal Ben, but 
had not, I believe, at the time this pamphlet is ſuppoſed 
to have been publiſhed, obtained the appellation of Ol 
Ben. However, as this title was given him ſome years 
afterwards by Sir John Suckling in his S of the Poets, 
which appears to have been written in Auguſt 1637, 
about the time of Jonſon*s death, (See Strafford's Lett. 
Vol. II. p. 114,) which celebrated poem, as well as the 
language of the preſent day, probably ſuggeſted the com- 
bination of Old Ben to Mr. Macklin, I ſhall lay no ſtreſs 
upon this objection. But the other part of the title of 
this pamphlet Voung John's Melancholy Lover,“ is 
very material in the preſent diſquiſition.— John Ford in 
the Dedication to his Lover's Melancholy ſays, that was 
the firſt p/ay which he had printed; from which the let- 
ter-writer concluded that he muſt then have been a young 
man. In this particular, however, he was egregiouſly 
miſtaken ; for John Ford, who was the ſecond ſon of Tho- 
mas Ford, Eſq. was born at Ilſington in Devonſhire, and 
baptized there April 17, 15865, When he was not yet 
ſeventeen, he became a member of the Middle-Temple, 
November 16, 1602, as I learn from the Regiſter of 
that Society ; and conſequently in the year 1631, when 


S For this information I am indebted to the Rev, Mr, Palk, Vicar 
of Illington, | 5 
this 


AND JON S OR. 397 


this pamphlet is ſuppoſed to have been publiſhed, he 


had no title to the appellation of young John, being 
forty-five years old. And though The Lover's Melan- 
choly was the firſt play that he publiſhed, he had pro- 
duced the Maſque of The Sun's Darling on the ſtage 
five years before, namely in March 1623-4 ; had exhi- 
bited one or more plays before that time; and ſo early 
as in the year 1606 had publiſhed a poem entitled Fame 
Memorial, of which I have his original preſentation-copy 
in Mſ. in my collection. Theſe are facts, of the greater 
part of which no writer of that time, converſant with dra- 
matick hiſtory, could have been ignorant. Here certainly 
I might ſafely cloſe the evidence; for Ben Jonſon was 
born on the 11th of June, 15747, and conſequently in 

| Ns Fe | 1631 


6 According to the beſt accounts. The preciſe year however of this 
poet's birth has not been aſcertained. Fuller tells us, that „with all 
his induſtry he could not find him in his cradle, but that he could fetch 
him from his long coats; when a little child, he lived in Hartſhorne- 
lane near Charing-Croſs.“ I in vain examined the Regiſter of St. Mar- 
garet's, Weſtminſter, and St. Martin's in the Fields, for the time of his 
baptiſm, There is a /acuna in the latter regiſter from February to 
Dec. 1574+ Ben Jonſon therefore was probably born in that year, and 
he has himſelf told us that he was born on the 11th of June. This agrees 
with the account given by Anthony Wood, who ſays, that before his 
death in Auguſt 1637, he had completed his ſixty-third year, I found 
in the Regiſter of St. Martin's, that a Mrs. Margaret Jonſon was 
married in November 1575 to Mr. Thomas Fowler, He was per- 
| haps the poet's ſtep-father, who is ſaid to have been a bricklayer. 

The greater part of the hiſtory of this poets life is involved in much 
confuſion. Moſt of the fats which have been tranſmitted concerning 
him, were originally told by Anthony Wood; and there is ſcarcely any 
part of his narrative in which ſome error may not be traced. Thus, we 
are told, that ſoon after his father's death his mother married a brick- 
layer; that ſhe took her ſon from Weſtminſter- ſchool, and made him work 
at his ſtep-father's trade, He helped, ſays Fuller, at the building of the 
new ſtructure in Lincoln's-Inn, where having a trowel in his hand, he 
had a book in his pocket: and this book Mr. Gildon has found out to 
be Horace. In this fituation, according to Wood, being pitied by his 
old maſter, Camden, he was recommended to Sir Walter Raleigh as a 
tutor to his ſon ; and after attending him on his adventures, they part- 
ed, on his return, not, as I think ſays Wood, in cold blood, He ther, 
we are told, was admitted into St. John's college in Cambridge, mg 

| after 


— — — — — — — — 
— mw A a - 


— *. * — 


* — — 


— 
— 


— 


I 


—ͤ—— ũ — — — 
— . — — — — 
——— — 


— 
— — 
— 


y 


398 SEAKSPEARE, FORD, 


1631 was in his fifty-ſeventh year; a period of life at 
which, though not in the hey-day of the blood, he could 
| with 
after a ſhort ſtay there, went to London, and became an actor in the 
Curtain playhouſe : and ſoon afterwards, « having improved his fancy 
by keeping ſcholaſtick company, he betook himſelf to writing plays.” 
Laſtly, we are told by the ſame writer, on the death of Daniel [in 
. 1619] he ſucceeded him as poet-laureat, as Daniel ſucceeded 
Spenſer.” 
If Jonſon ever worked with his ſtep-father at his trade in Lincoln's. 
Inn, it muſt have been either in 1588, or 1593, in each of which 
years, as I learn from Dugdale's Origines Judiciales, ſome new build- 
ings were erected by that ſociety, He could not have been taken from 
thence to accompany young Raleigh-on his travels, who was not born 
till 1594, nor ever went abroad except with his father in 1617 to Guiana, 
where he loſt his life, The poet might indeed about the year 1610 
or 1611 have been private tutor to him; and it is probable that their 
connexion was about that time, as Jonſon mentions that he furniſhed 
Sir Walter Raleigh with a portion of his Hiſtory of the World, on 
which Sir Walter muſt have been then employed; but if the tutor and 
the pupil then parted in ill humour, it was rather too late for Jonſon 
to enter into St, John's college, at the age of thirty-four or thirty-five 
ears, | | 
g That at ſome period he was tutor to young Raleigh, is aſcertained by 
the following anecdote, preſerved in one of Oldys's Manuſcripts : 

& Mr. Camden recommended him to Sir Walter Raleigh, who truſt- 
ed him with the care and education of his eldeft ſon Walter, a gay 
ſpark, who could not brook Ben's rigorous treatment, but perceiving 
one foible in his diſpoſition, made uſe of that to throw off the yoke of 
his government : and this was an unlucky habit Ben had contracted, 
through his love of jovial company, of being overtaken with liquor, 
which Sir Walter did of all vices moſt abominate, and hath moſt ex- 
claimed againſt. One day, when Ben had taken a plentiful doſe, 
and was fallen into a ſound fleep, young Raleigh got a great baſket, 
and a couple of men, who lay'd Ben in it, and then with a pole car- 
ried him between their ſhoulders to Sir Walter, telling him, their 
young maſter had ſent home his tutor. This, adds Mr, Oldys, “ I 
have from a Mſ. memorandum-book written in the time of the civil 
wars, by Mr. Oldiſworth, who was ſecretary, I think, to Philip earl 
of Pembroke.” : | 

The truth probably is, that he was admitted into St. John's college 
as a fizar in 1588, at which time he was fourteen years old, (the uſual 
time then of going to the Univerſity,) and after ſtaying there a few 
weeks was obliged from poverty to return to his father's trade ; with 
whom he might have been employed on the buildings in Lincoln's-Inn 
in 1593, when he was nineteen. Not being able to endure this fitua- 


tion, he went, as he himſelf told Mr, Drummond of Hawthornden, 
| 2 d | do 


AND JONSON. 399 
with no great propriety be called Old, unleſs by way of 


oppoſition to a wery young man. But no ſuch difference 
| of 


to the Low Countries, where he ſerved a campaign, and diſtinguiſhed 
himſelf in the field. On his return, perhaps in 1594, being now uſed 
to a life of adventure, he probably began his theatrical career, as a 
ſtrolling player, and after having “ ambled for ſome time by a play- 
waggon in the country, repaired to London, and endeavoured at the 
Curtain to obtain a livelihood as an actor, till, as Decker informs us, 
cc not being able to ſet a good face upon't, he could not get a ſervice 
among the mimicks.“ | 

Between that year and 1598, when his Every Man in bis Humour 
was aCted, he probably produced thoſe unſucceſsful pieces which Wood 
mentions. It is remarkable that Meres in that year enumerates Jonſon 
among the writers of tragedy, though no tragedy of his writing, of ſo 
early a date, is now extant: a fact which none of his biographers have 
noticed, 

Some particulars relative to th's poet, which I have lately learned, 
Will ſerve to diſprove another of the facts mentioned by Wood; name- 
ly, that © he ſucceeded Daniel as poet-laureat, [in October 1619,] as 
Daniel did Spenſer.” I do not believe that any ſuch office as poet-lau- 
reat exiſted in the time of Queen Elizabeth, and conſequently Spenſer 
never could have poſſeſſed it; nor has any proof whatſoever been pro- 
duced of Daniel's having ever enjoyed that office. 

Spenſer, we are told by Camden, died in great poverty in 1598, and 
ſuch has been the prevailing opinion ever ſince; but a fact which I 
have lately diſcovered, and which has not been noticed by any writer 
of that great poet's life, renders Camden's aſſertion very diſputable. 
Spenſer, 1 find, in February 1590-1, obtained from queen Elizabeth 
an annuity or penſion of fifty pounds a year, during his life; which, 
the value of money and the modes of life being jointly confidered, may 
be eſtimated as equal to two hundred pounds a year at this day. 
We ſee, therefore, that the incenſe laviſhed on his parſimonious miſ- 

treſs in the Faery Queen, which was publiſhed in the preceding year &, 
did not paſs unrewarded, as all our biographical writers have ſuppoſed. 
The firſt notice 1 obtained of this grant, was from a ſhort abſtract of 
it in the Signet-office, and with a view to aſcertain whether he was 
deſcribed as poet-laureat, I afterwards examined the patent itſelf, 
(Patent Roll, 33 Eliz. P. 3.) but no office or official duty is there men- 
tioned. After the uſual and formal preamble, pro diverſis cauſis et 
conſiderationibus, &c. the words are, © damus et concedimus dilecto ſub- 
dito noſtro, Edmundo Spenſer,” &c. 

King James by letters patent dated February 3, 1615-16, granted to 
Ben Jonſon an annuity or yearly penſion of one hundred marks, * 

his 


* — "_— 


* The Faery Queen was entered on the Stationers' books by W. Pon- 
ſonby, in December, 1589. 


doe on dre — - 
—— — a "IT. 


400 SHAKSPEARE, FORD, 


of age ſubſiſted between theſe two poets. If a man of 


fifty-ſeven is to be accounted old, the man of forty-five 


is not young. 
| | The 


his life, © in conſideration of the good and acceptable ſervice hereto- 
fore done and hereafter to be done by the ſaid B. J.“ Then there- 
fore, and not in 1619, undoubtedly it was that he was made poet. 
laureat, if ever he was ſo conſtituted ; but not one word is there in the 
grant, which I examined in the chapel of the Rolls, touching that of- 
fice: unleſs it may be ſuppoſed to be comprehended in the words which 


I have juſt quoted. On the 23d of April 1630, king Charles by letters 


patent, reciting the former grant, and that it had been ſurrendered, 
was pleaſed, © in conſideration (ſays the patent) of the good and accept. 
able ſervice done unto us and our ſaid father by the ſaid B. J. and eſpe- 
cially to encourage him to proceed in thoſe ſervices of his wit and pen, 
which we have enjoined unto him, and which we expect from him,” to 
augment his annuity of one hundred marks, to one hundred pounds per 
aux. during his life, payable from Chriſtmas, 1629, and the firſt payment 
to commence at Lady-day 1630, Charles at the ſame time granted 
him a tierce of Canary Spaniſh wine yearly during his life, out of his 
majeſty's cellars at Whitehall: of which there is no mention in the 
former grant. From hence, and from the preſent of one hundred 
pounds ſent to Jonſon by the king in 1629, we may ſee how extremely 
improbable the tory is, which has been recorded, on I know not what 
authority, and which Dr. Smollet was idle enough to inſert in his Hiſ- 
tory 3 that Ben in that year, being reduced to great diſtreſs, and living 
in an obſcure alley, petitioned his majeſty to aſſiſt him in his poverty 
and ſickneſs; and on receiving ten guineas, ſaid to the meſſenger who 
brought him the donation, his majeſty has ſent me ten guineas, be- 
cauſe I am poor and live in an alley; go and tell him that his ſoul lives 
In an alley.” 

None of his biographers appear to have knowa that Ron Jonſon ob- 
tained from king James a reverſionary grant of the office of Maſter of 
the Revels. His majeſty by letters patent dated October 53 in the nine- | 
teenth year of his reign, (1621) granted him, by the name and addition 


of © our beloved ſervant, Benjamin Jonſon, gentleman, the ſaid of- 


fice, to be held and enjoyed by him and his aſſigns, during his life, 
from and after the death of Sir George Buck and Sir John Aſtley, or 
as ſoon as the office ſhould become vacant by reſignation, forfeiture, 
or ſurrender: but Jonſon never derived any advantage from this grant, 
becauſe Sir John Aſtley ſurvived him. It ſhould ſeem from a paſſage 
in the Satiromaſtiæ of his antagoniſt Decker, printed in 1602, that Ben 
Had made ſome attempt to obtain a reverfionary grant of this place be- 
fore the death of queen Elizabeth: for Sir Vaug ban in that piece ſays 
to Horace, [i. e. Jonſon, ] © I have ſome coſſens- german at court ſhall 
beget you the reverſon of the Maſter of the King's Rewels, or elſe to 
de his Lord of Miſrule nowe at Chriſtmas.“ | | , 

| t 


AND ION SON. 401 
The next ſuſpicious circumſtance in the letter which 
we are now examining, is, that in the pretended extracts 
from this old pamphlet moſt of the circumſtances men- 
tioned might have been collected by a modern writer 
from books of either thoſe or ſubſequent times: and ſuch 
new facts as are mentioned, can be proved to be fictions. 
Such of the pretended extracts as are true, are old; and 
ſuch as are new, are falſe. Thus, to take the former 
claſs firſt, we are informed, (as from the pamphlet,) that 
our poet and Jonſon were at variance ; that old Ben took 


every means of depreciating the lowly Shakſpeare ; that 


he aſſerted our poet had little Latin, and leſs Greek, and 
did not underſtand the dramatick laws” ; that Jonſon 
ridiculed ſome of his pieces; and that this was a ſtrong 
proof of his ingratitude, Shakſpeare having firſt intro- 
duced him to the ſtage.— All theſe facts Mr. M. might 
have learned from Rowe's Life of Shakſpeare, and Pope's 
Preface to his edition; from Dr. Birch's Life of Ben 
Jonſon publiſhed in 1743; from Drummond of Haw- 
thornden's Converſation with that poet ; from the old 


It has been commonly underſtood, that on Ben ſonſon's death in Au- 
guſt 1637, Sir William D*Avenant [then Mr. D*Avenant] was ap- 
pointed poet-laureate in his room: but he at that time received no 
| favour from the crown, Sixteen months afterwards, Dec. 13, 1638, 
in the 14th year of Charles the Firſt, letters patent paſſed the great ſeal, 
granting, „ in conſideration of ſervice heretofore done and hereafter to 
be done by William Davenant, gentleman,” an annuity of one hun- 
dred pounds per Ann. to the ſaid W. D. during his majeſty's pleaſure, 
By this patent no Canary wine was granted; and no mention is made 
.of the office of poet-laureate. It is at preſent conferred, not by letters 
patent, but by a warrant ſigned and ſealed by the Lord Chamberlain, 
nominating A. B. to the office, with the accuſtomed fees thereunto 
belonging. ; | | | 

7 Which Ben claimed the merit of having firſt taught his contem- 
poraries. See his Verſes to his old ſervant Richard Brome, prefixed 
to The Northern Laſs, which was firſt acted in July, 1629 

ec Now you are got into a nearer room 

6c Of fellowſhip, profeſſing my old arts, 

et And you do do them well, with good applauſe 
« Which you have juſtly gained from the ſtage, 

«© By obſervation of thoſe comick laws _ 


ce Which I, your maſter, firſt did teach the age.” 
Vol. I. lee | play 


— —̃́¶ —— p 


—— 2 ͤ—„-x — I aP ———_—_ = — 


— —— — OG 


= 


2 


——— NES 


3 
89 - 


— ne RE OE ed” 8 2 


* 
"Mw 


402 SHAKSPEARE, FORD, 


play entitled The Return from Parnaſſus; from Fuller's 
Worthies, Winſtanley, and Langbaine; from Jonſon's 
own verſes on Shakſpeare prefixed to all the editions; 
from his prologue to Every Man in his Humour; from his 
Bartholomew Fair and his Diſcoveries ; and from many 
other books. In Mr. Pope's preface was found that 
praiſe, that-in our poet's plays every ſpeech might be 
aſſigned to its proper ſpeaker without the aid of margi- 
nal directions: an encomium which perhaps is too high, 
even when applied to Shakſpeare; but which, when ap- 
lied to Ford, (as it is in Mr. Macklin's 5 letter,) 
ecomes ridiculous, f 

Let us now conſider the zew facts, which for the firſt 
time are given to the publick from this rare old tract. The 
firſt new fact ſtated is, that Shakſpeare's fame, after his 
death, grew too great for Ben either to bear with or 
wound. Now this was ſo far from being the caſe, that 
it was at this particular period that Jonſon's pieces, 
which were collected into a volume in 1616, appear to 
have been in moſt eſtimation; and from the time of 
Shakſpeare's death to the year 1625, both Ben's fame 
and that of Fletcher, ſeem to have been at their height. 
In this period Fletcher produced near thirty plays, 
which were acted with applauſe ; and Jonſon was during 
the whole of that time well received in the courts of 
James and Charles, for each of whom he wrote ſeveral! 
Maſques, which the wretched taſte of that age very 
highly eſtimated ; and was patronized and extravagantly 
extolled by the ſcholars of the time, as much ſuperior to 
Shakſpeare. In this period alſo he produced his Devil's 
an Ajs, and his Staple of News, each of which had ſome 
Mare of ſucceſs. In the year 1631 indeed he was ex- 
tremely indigent and diſtreſſed, and had been ſo from 
the year 1625, when I think he was ſtruck with the pal- 
ſy ; but in conſequence of this indigence and diſtreſs he 
was not preciſely at that period an object of jealouſy to 
the partizans of Shakſpeare. 

Another and a very material falſe fact ſtated from this 
pamphlet is, that Jonſon's New Inn or Light Heart, and 
Ford's Melancholy Lower, were produced for the firſt time 

| on 


AND JONSON. 403 


on the ſame ſtage, in the /ame week : a fact concerning 

which the writer of the pamphlet, F the pamphlet had 

any real exiſtence, could ſcarcely have been miſtaken. 
Theſe two plays were certainly repreſented for the firſt 


time at the /ame theatre, namely Blackfriars, as Mr. 


Macklin learned from their reſpective title- pages; but 
not in the ſame wee#, there being no leſs than z7wws 
months interval between the production of the two 
pieces. | | | 

Ford's play was exhibited at the Blackfriars on the 24th 
of November, 1628, whenit was licenſed for the ſtage, as 
appears from the Office-book of Sir Henry Herbert, Maſ- 
ter of the Revels to King Charles the Firſt, a manuſcript 
naw before me, of which a more particular account may 
be found in the Second Part of this volume | H:forical 
Account of the Engliſh Stage, &c.]; and Jonſon's-New Inn 
on the 19th of January in the following year, 1628-9. 
Very ſoon indeed after the ill ſucceſs of Jonſon's piece, 
the King's Company brought out at the ſame theatre a 
new play called The Lowe-fick Maid, or the Honour of young 
Ladies, which was licenſed by Sir Henry Herbert, on 
the gth of February, 1628-9, and acted with extraordi- 
nary applauſe. 'This play, which was written by Jonſon's 
own ſervant, Richard Brome, was ſo popular, that the 
managers of the King's Company, on the 1oth of March, 
preſented the Maſter of the Revels with the ſum of two 
pounds, on the good ſucceſs of The Honour of Ladies; 
the only inſtance I have met with of ſuch a compliment 
being paid him. No mention whatſoever is made of The 
Lover's Melancholy having been attended with any extra- 
ordinary ſucceſs, though Mr. M. from private motives 
choſe to repreſent it as having been acted with uncom- 
mon applauſe. 


We are next told, that Ben was ſo exaſperated by the 


damnation of his piece, that he printed it with a very 
fingular title-page, which is given; and that 7mmediate- 


ly upon this he wrote his eelebrated ode, Come, leave 
the loathed ſtage, &c. It is not very clear what the 


letter-writer means by the words, immediately upon this. 
If he means that Jonſon wrote his Ode immediately after 
To ak] : his 


> 
I 
—— —  _— — i 


—— —e— 


64 ? 2 
— 5 
—— ene, » 


— — — — D—ͤ—è 


_ 


404 SHAKSPEARE, FORD, 


his play was damned in 1629, the affertion is made at 
random ; if he means that immediately after he had pub- 
liſhed his play he wrote his ode, the fact is not true. 
The ode is printed at the end of the play, which was 
publiſhed in April, 1631. . 

The next new fact found in this curious pamphlet is, 
that Ben Jonſon, mortified by his own defeat and the ſuc- 
ceſs which Ford's play obtained, wrote the following 
Epigram upon his ſucceſsful competitor : 


„ PLAYWRIGHT, by chance, hearing ſome toys I had 
writ, | 

“ Cry'd to my face, they were th' elixir of wit; 

«© And I muſt now believe him, for to. day 

«« Five of my jeſts, then ſtolne, paſs'd him a play.“ 


This epigram, I own, is ſo much in the manner of 
the time, and particularly of Ben Jonſon, that'for a long 
time I knew not how to queſtion its authenticity. It is ſo 
ſtrongly marked, that every poetical reader muſt immedi- 
ately exclaim, aut Eraſmus, aut diabolus, Nor indeed is 
it to be wondered at that it is much in Ben's manner; 
for,—not to keep the reader longer in ſuſpence, it was 
avritten by him.— Well then, ſays the writer of the letter 
in queſtion, here you have a ſtrong confirmation of all 
the other facts which you affect to doubt, and every im- 
partial judge muſt acquit me of having fabricated them. 
This, however, we ſhall find a zon /equitur : for this 
very epigram, though written by Jonſon, is as deciſive 
a proof of impoſition as any other which I have produced. 
The fact is, this epigram, addreſſed to Praywricar, 
is found among Jonſon's printed poems, as are two 
others addreſſed to the ſame perſon*. Mr. M, I ſuppoſe, 

was 


3 See Jonſon's Works, folio, 1616. 
To PLAT WRIEGT., 
6 PLAYWREGHT me reades, and ſtill my verſes damnes; 
«© He ſayes, I want the tongue of epigrammes ; 
c J have no ſalt; no bawdrie he doth meane, 
6 For wittie, in his language, is obſcene. - . 
«© PLAYWRIGHT, I loath to have thy manners knowne 
«© In my chaſte booke ; profeſſe them in thine owne.“ | 
Fpigo 


AND JONSON: : 405 
was poſſeſſed only of the modern edition of Jonſon's 
Works printed in 8vo. in 1716, and, no dates being 
aſſigned to the poems, thought he might ſafely make free 
with this epigram, and affix the date of the year 1630, 
or 1631, to it ; but unluckily it was publiſhed by Old Ben 
himſelf fourteen or fifteen years before, in the firſt folio 
collection of his works in 1616, and conſequently could 
not have any relation to a literary altercation between 
him and Ford at the time The New [nn and The Lower's 
Melancholy were brought on the ſcene. It appears from 
Ben Jonſon's Dedication of his Epigrams to Lord Pem- 
broke, that moit of them, though publiſhed in 1616, 
were written ſome years before“; the epigram in queſ- 
tion therefore may be referred to a ſtill earlier period 
than the time of its publication. | 

On one of the lines in this epigram, as exhibited by 
Mr. Macklin, | 


«« Five of my jeſts, then ſtolne, paſs'd him a play.“ 


we find the following note: Alluding to a character 
in The Ladies“ Trial, which Ben ſays Ford ſtole from 
him.“ If the writer of this letter had ſaid, ©* Alluding 
to a character in T he Ladies Trial, which Ford ftole from 
Ben Jonſon, we might ſuppoſe him only miſtaken ; and 
this anachroniſm (ſuppoſing that the epigram had been 
written in 1631) might not affect the preſent queſtion. 
But we are told, gen {ays ſo.” He certainly has not 
| ſaid fo in his works, and therefore the letter-writer muſt 

mean, that it 15 aſſerted in the pamphlet from which he 

pretended to quote, that Ben had ſaid ſo. But Ben could 


Epig. LXVIII. 
ON PLAYWRIGH To 
cc PLAYWRIGHT, convict of publick wrongs to men, 
« Takes private beatings, and begins againe. 
« Two kindes of valour he doth thew at ones, 
« Active in his braine, and paſlive in his bones.“ 


The perſon aimed at, under the name of Playwright, was proba- 


| bly Decker. 

9 « I here offer to your lordſhip the ripeſt of my ſtudies, my epi- 
grammes, which, though they carry danger in the ſound, do not 
therefore ſeek your ſhelter. For evben I made them, 1 had nothing in 
my conſcience, to expreſſing of which I did need a cypher. But if I 
be falne into choſe times, wherein, for the likeneſs of vice, &c. 


IC 31 not 


41 8HAEKSPEARE, FORD, 


not poſſibly have ſaid ſo, even if he had written this 
epigram at the time to which it has been falſely aſcribed; 
for this plain reaſon, that The Ladies Trial was not pro- 
duced till ſeveral years afterwards. It was firſt printed in 
1639, two years after Ben Jonſon's death, and does not 


appear to have been licenſed by Sir Henry Herbert be- 


fore that time. The origin of this note, by which con- 
Fuſion is worſe confounded, was os this: Lang- 
baine under the article, Fletcher, mentions that a 
ſcene in his Lowe's Pilgrimage was flollen from the very 
play of which we have been ſpeaking ; Jonſon's New 
Inn. This ſcene Fletcher himſelf could not have ſtollen 


from The New Inn, for he was dead ſome years before 


that play appeared ; but Shirley, who had the reviſal of 
ſome of thoſe pieces which were left imperfect by 
Fletcher, (as appears from Sir Henry Herbert's Office- 
book?,) Ending B New Inn unſucceſsſul, took the liberty 
to boxrow a ſcene from it, which he inſerted in Lowe's 
Pilgrimage, when that play was revived, or as Sir Henry 
Herbert calls it, renewed, in 1635. Mr. M. had 


probably 


1 In Sir Henry Herbert's Office. book is the following entry: „ For 
a play of Fletcher's, corrected by Shirley, called The Night-walkers, 
the 11th of May, 1633,—-{.2 o o. | i 

2 6 Received of Blagrove from the King's Company, for the renew « 
ing of Love's Pilgrimage, the 16th of September, 1635,—£.i o O.“ 
Ibidem. 


The addition of a new ſcene, and ſometimes an entire act, to an old 


play, appears from the following entries in the ſame book to have been 
common: 

«« For the adding of a ſcene to The Virgin Martyr, this 7th July, 
i624,—L.0 10 o.“ NE | | 

« For allowing of a new act in an ould play, this 13th May, 
1629,.—L. 0 10 o.“ 

« For allowing of an ould play, new written or forbiſht by Mr. 
Biſton, the 12th of January, 1631,—/.1 o o.“ 

6 An ould play, with ſome new icenes, Doctor Lambe and the 
: Witches, to Saliſbury Courte, the 16th Auguſt, 1634,.—C. 1 O o. 

& Received of ould Cartwright for allowing the | Fortune] compa- 
ny to add ſcenes to an ould play, and to give it out for a new one, this 
12th of May, 1636, L.1 o o.“ | | ; 

This practice prevailed in Shakſpeare's time. © The players,” ſays 
Lupton, in his London and the Country carbonadoed and quartered, 8v0, 
1602, © are as crafty with an old play, as bauds with old faces: the 
one puts on a new freſh colour, the other a new face and name.” 


K 7 


AND JONSON, 407 


probably ſome imperfect recollection of what he had read 
in Langbaine, and found it convenient to ſubſtitute 
| Ford's play for that of Fletcher. 

We are next told, that this pamphlet aſſerts that Ben 
Jonſon had given out that The Lover's Melancholy was 
not written by Ford, but purloined from Shakſpeare's 
papers, of which Ford in conjunction with Heminge and 
Condell is ſaid to have had the reviſal, when the firſt 

| folio edition of our poet's works was publiſhed in 1623. 
It ſhould not be forgotten, that the writer of this let- 
ter had aſſerted in a former letter, that it appears from 
Several of Ford's Sonnets and Venſes that he lived in the 
- ſtricteſt intimacy with Shakſpeare, to the time of his 
death: and I may confidently add, that there is not the 
ſmalleſt ground for the aſſertion, no ſuch ſonnets or verſes 
being extant, We need not, therefore, heſitate to 
pronounce the preſent aſſertion to be equally unfounded 
as the former, | | 
After what has been already ſtated, it would be an 
idle waſte of time to enter into any long diſquiſition on 
this fiction, It was evidently thrown out to excite the 
expectation of the town with reſpect to the piece itſelf on 
the night of the performance. The old plays of the 
minor poets of the laſt age being in 1748 little known 
or attended to, thoſe who were curious could not eafily 
ſatisfy themſelves concerning the merit or demerit of 
The Lover's Melancholy by reading it, (it not being re- 
publiſhed in Dodſley's Collection,) and therefore would 
naturally reſort to the theatre to examine whether there 
was any ground for ſuch an aſſertion: the preciſe end 


which the letter-writer had in view. When he talked + 


of Shakſpeare's papers, he was probably thinking of 
what Heminge and Condell have ſaid in their preface, — 
% we have ſcarce received from him a blot in hs pa- 
pers. But by his papers they meant nothing more than 


If the Office-books of Edmund Tilney, Eſq, and Sir George Buck, 
who were Matters of the Revels during the greater part of the reign ot 
King James the Firſt, ſhall ever be diſcovered, I have no doubt that 
the Viſion, Maſque, and Prophecy, in the fifth act of Cymbeline, will be 
round to have been interpolated by the players after our poet's death. 


[Cc4] the 


| 
| 
| 


408 SHAKSPEARE, FORD, 


the old copies of his plays which had lain long in their 
houſe, from which they printed part of their edition, 
Whatever other papers our poet left, without doubt de- 
volved to his family at Stratford, 

The four encomiaſtick lines ſigned © Thomas May,” 
and the elegant verſes aſcribed to Endymion Porter, 
now alone remain to be conſidered. 

Endymion Porter, whom Sir William Davenant, 
Shakſpeare's ſuppoſed ſon, calls lord of his muſe and 
heart, being mentioned by Mr. Rowe in his Life of 
Shakſpeare, as a. great admirer of our poet, his name 
naturally preſented itſelf to the writer of this letter, as 
a proper one to be ſubſcribed to an eulogy on him and 
Ford ; and he found, or might have found, in Lang- 
baine's Account of the Dramatick Poets, that May lived 
in the ſtricteſt intimacy with Endymion Porter, to whom 
he has dedicated his Antigone, publiſhed in 1631 ; a play 
which probably, when this letter was written, was in 
Mr. Macklin's poſſeſſion. Thomas Randolph and Tho- 
mas Carew having each of them written verſes to Jonſon 
after the publication of the celebrated ode annexed to 
his unfortunate New Inn, requeſting him not to leave 
the ſtage, as the letter-writer might alſo have learned 
from Langbaine, who has given Randolph's Ode at 
length, he naturally would read over their lines; and 
Randolph having written ** 4 Gratulatory Poem to Ben 
Jonſon for his adopting of him to be his ſon, in which we 
find the following hyperbolical couplet, 


«© But if heaven take thee, envying us thy lyre, 
4 Tis to pen anthems for an angel's quire;“ 


he is not improperly ſtyled by the letter-writer, „Jon- 
ſon's Zany3.,” : | 


3 Randolph's attachment to Ben Jonſon was alſo noticed in the 
letter printed in the preceding month, in The General Advertiſer, (the 
Theatrical Gazette of that time,) by way of prelude to Mr. Ryan's 
benefit. „ He was, ſays the writer, a man of pregnant wit, gay hu- 


mour, and of excellent learning; which gained him the eſteem of the 


town, and particularly recommended bim to Ben Jonſon, who adopted 
him one of bis ſons, and held him in equal eſteem with the ingenious 
Mr. Cartwright, another of the laureat's adopted ſons.“ 


The 


AND JONSON. 409 


The four lines to which May's name is affixed, are 
inſcribed, *© To my worthy friend John Ford ;** and it 
is obſervable that a copy of verſes written by William 
Singleton, and prefixed to The Lover's Melancholy, are 
alſo inſcribed, ©* To my worthy friend, the author, Maſ- 
ter John Ford.“ But why, we ſhall be told, might not 
May, as well as Mr. Singleton, addreſs Ford as his 
eworthy friend! Be it ſo then; but unluckily, May, pre- 


ciſely when he is ſuppoſed to have made this panegyrick 


upon Ford, and to have informed the publick, that, 
even ſuppoling The Lover's Melancholy was from Shak- 
ſpeare's 


cc 


treaſury reft, 
That plunderer Ben ne'er made ſo rich a theft ;*? 


unluckily, I ſay, at this very time, May was living in 
the ſtricteſt friendſhip with Jonſon ; for to May's tranſ- 
lation of Lucan, publiſhed in 1630, is prefixed a com- 
mendatory poem by Jonſon, —addreſſed To his cho- 
ſen friend, the learned tranſlator of Lucan, Thomas 


May, Eſquire, and ſubſcribed, ©* Your true friend in 


Judgment and choiſe, Benjamin Jonſon,”? 
The verſes ſubſcribed, 7 homas May, are as follows: 


ns Le, from Shakſpeare's mine your play you 
rew; 

«© What need, when Shakſpeare ſtill ſurvives in you? 

6 But grant it were from his vaſt treaſury reft, 

That plunderer Ben ne'er made ſo rich a theft.“ 


I have already obſerved, that, Randolph having writ- 
ten a reply to Jonſon's ode, the writer of this letter 
would naturally look into his works. In a poem adreſſed 
to Ben Fonſon, ſpeaking of the works of Ariſtotle, (the 
writer by the way, to whom that ſentence of Greek 
which 1s found in the title-page of the preſent edition 
was originally applied,) he has theſe lines ; 

I could fit 
«« Under a willow covert, and repeat 
«© Thoſe deep and learned lays, on every part 
«© Grounded in judgment, ſubtilty, and art, 
F ” That 


cc 


— 


— —— — a 8 
ä—m2ü—y7?c — — — 


410 SHAKSPEARE, FORD, 


That the great tutor to the greateſt king, 
The ſhepherd of Stagira us'd to ſing ; 
«© The ſhepherd of Stagira, that unfolds 
« All nature's cloſet, ſhews what e'er it holds, 
£6 'The matter, form, ſenſe, motion, place, and mea- 
ſure, b 
4 Of every thing contain'd in her v, treaſure.” 


Ass Shakſpeare's ©* va/? treaſury?” may have been bor- 
rowed from this writer, ſo the rich thefts of that plun- 
derer Ben“ might have been ſuggeſted to Mr. M. by the 
following lines addreſſed by Thomas Carew “ to Ben 
Jonſon, upon occaſion of his ode of defiance annext to 
his play of the New Inn: 


Let them the dear expence of oil upbraid, 

«« duck'd by thy watchful lamp, that hath betray'd 
4 To theft the blood of martyr'd authors, ſpilt 
Into thy ink, whilft thou grow' ſt pale with guilt, 
c Repine not at the taper's thrifty waſte, | 

4 That ſleeks thy terſer poems; nor is haſte 

c Praiſe, but excuſe; and if thou overcome 

ce A knotty writer, bring the booty home; 

e Nor think it %%, if the rich ſpoils ſo torn 

cc From conquer'd authors, be as trophies worn.“ 


I have traced the marked expreſſions in this tetraſtick 
toRandolph and Carew; they might, however, have been 
ſuggeſted by a book ſtill more likely to have been con- 
ſulted by the writer of it, Langbaine's Account of 7h; 
Dramatick Poets; and particularly by that part of his work 
in which he ſpeaks of Ben Fonſon's literary thefts, on 
which I have this moment happened to caſt my eye. 

To come laſtly to Ben Fon/on, who, as Mr. Dryden af- 
firms, has borrowed more trom the ancients than any ; I 
crave leave to ſay in his behalf, that our late laureat has 
far out-done him in #4275, - When Mr. Jonſon borrowed, 
*twas from the treaſury of the ancients, which is ſo far 
from any diminution of his worth, that I think it is to 
his honour, at leaſt-wiſe I am ſure he is juſtified by his 
ſon Cartwright, in the following lines: 

8 1 e | % What 


AND JONSON.. 411 


ce What though thy ſearching Muſe did rake the duſt 

« Oft time, and purge old metals from their ruſt ? 

c Ts it no labour, no art, think they, to 

* Snatch ſhipwrecks from the deep, as divers do; 

«© And reſcue jewels from the covetous ſand, 
„Making the ſeas hid wealth adorn the land? 

What though thy culling Muſe did rob the ſtore 

4 Of Greek and Latin gardens, to bring o'er 

« Plants to thy native ſoil? their virtues were 

© Improv'd far more by being planted here.— 

« Thefts thus become juſt works; they and their grace 

« Are wholly thine : thus doth the ſtamp and face 

« Make that the king's that's raviſh'd from the mine; - 

& In others then *cis ore, in thee *tis coin.“ 


- 


© On the contrary, though Mr. Dryden has likewiſe 
borrowed from the Greek and Latin poets,—which I 
purpoſely omit to tax him with, as thinking what he 
has taken to be lawful prize, yet I can not but obſerve 
withal, that he has p/under'd the chief Italian, Spaniſh, 
and French wits for forage, notwithſtanding his pretend- 
ed contempt of them; and not only ſo, but even his own 
countrymen have been forced to pay him tribute, or, to 
ſay better, have not been exempt from being p7/laged “.“ 
Here we have at once—the mine, the zreaſury, the 
plunderer, and the rich thefts, of this modern-antique 

compolition 5, | 
The 


4 Account of the Dramatick Poets, d vo. 1691, pp. 145, 148, 149. 
S Mr. Macklin tells us, that the pamphlet from which he pretends 
to quote, mentions, that among other depreciating language Jonſon 
had ſaid of Shakſpeare, that © the man had imagination and vit 
none could deny, but that they were ever guided by true judgment in 
the rules and conduct of a piece, none could with juſtice aſſert, both 
being ever ſervile to raiſe the laughter of fo:ls and the wonder of the 
ignorant. ; | 
«« Being guided by judgment in the conduct of a piece,“ is perfectly 
_ intelligible; but what are we to underſtand by being guided by judgment 
in the rules of a piece? However, every part of this ſentence alſo may 
betraced to its ſource, Mr. Pope has ſaid in his preface, that © not only 
the common audience had no notion of the rules of writing, but few of 
the better ſort piqued themſelves upon any great.degree of knowledge or 
nicety that way, till Ben Jonſon getting poſſeſſion of the ſtage, brought 
| critical 


412 SHAKSPEARE, FORD, 


The laſt copy of verſes, aſcribed to Endymion Porter, 
are uncommonly elegant, and perhaps one of the beſt in- 
vented fictions that can be pointed out. Theſe letter- 
tyrant elves is much in the manner of the time, as is 
« their pedant ſelves, in a ſubſequent line. But how 
difficult is it to aſſume the manner or language of a for- 
mer age, without occaſionally lapſing into thoſe of the 
preſent! The phraſes, ©* upon the whole,” and from 


college, — 


Indeed, ſays Tom, pon the whole,” &c. 
„ But Ben and Tom from college 


critical learning into vogue: and Jonſon himſelf in his Diſcoveries, 
ſpeaking of Shakſpeare, ſays, “ his wit was in his power, would the 
rule of it had been ſo.” : 

In Mr. Pope's Preface we are told, that “ in tragedy nothing was 
ſo ſure to ſurpriſe, and create admiration, as the moſt ſtrange, improb- 
able, and conſequently moſt unnatural, incidents and events.-In co- 
medy, nothing was ſo ſure to pleaſe, as mean buffoonery, vile ribaldry, 
and unmannerly jeſts of fools and clowns.” 

Prefixed to Randolph's Works is a panegyrick written by Mr, Rich- 
ard Weſt, from whoſe poem two lines are quoted by Langbaine, which 
were alſo inſerted in The General Adwertiſer of the 5th of March 1748, 
in the encomium on Randolph's plays. 

In Mr. Weſt'sVerſes, ſpeaking of ordinary dramatick poets, he ſays, 
& For humours to lie leiger, they are ſeen ER 
c Oft in a tavern or a bowling-green. 
6 They do obſerve each place and company, 
& As ſtrictly as a traveller or ſpy; — 
„ And fit with patience an hour by the heels, 
66 To learn the nonſenſe of the conſtables; 
& Such jig-like flim-flams being got, to make 
& The rabble laugh, and nut-cracking forſake.“ 
Randolph is then deſcribed, and among other high praiſes, we are told, 
„ There's none need fear to ſurfeit with his phraſe ; 
« He has no giant raptures, to amaze 
c And torture weak capacities with wonder.” 
We have already ſeen that Mr. Macklin had been juſt peruſing Ben 
onſon's Epigrams. In his ſecond Epigram, which is addreiled to his 
book, are theſe lines: | 
& by thy wiſer temper let men know, 
& Thou art not covetous of leaſt ſelf- fame, 
cc Made from the hazard of another's ſhame : | ; 
«© Much leſs, with lewd, prophane, and beaſtly phraſe, 
& To catch the world's looſe laughter, or waine gaze." 1 
| | ave 


ND 413 
have a very modern ſound, and are not, I believe, uſed 
by any of our old Engliſh writers.—I muſt alſo obſerve 
that Mr. M. found his after-times in the old panegyrick 
on Ford, which he inſerted in has firſt letter, and Awvor's 
ſwan in Ben Jonſon's Verſes on Shakſpeare, prefixed to 
all the editions of his plays; and that the extravagant 

and unfounded praiſe here given to Ford, who, like our 
great poet, is ſaid to have been ent from heaven, and 
the inſinuation that the Lover's Melancholy was Shak- 
ſpeare's, every ward,” were evidently calculated for the 
temporary purpoſe of aiding a benefit, and *putting 
money into the purſe of the writer. 

While, however, we transfer theſe elegant lines from 
Endymion Porter to Mr. Macklin, let us not forget that 
they exhibit no common ſpecimen of an eaſy verfification 
and a good taſte, and that they add a new wreath to the 
poetical crown of this veteran comedian. 

I have only to add, that John Ford and Thomas May 
were ſo far from being at variance with Old Ben, that 
in Fonſonius Virbius, a collection of poems on the death 
of Ben Jonſon, publiſhed in 1638, about ſix months 
after his death, there is an encomiaſtick poem by John 
Ford; and in this volume 1s alſo found a panegyrick by - 
Ford's friend, George Donne, and another by Thomas 
May, who ityles Ben “ the beſt of our Engliſh poets.” 
On this, however, I lay no great ſtreſs, becauſe the 
ſame collection exhibits a poem by Jonſon's old antago- 
niſt, Owen Feltham : but if, after all that has been ſtated, 

| the ſmalleſt doubt could remain concerning the ſubject 
of our preſent diſquiſition, I might obſerve, that Ford 
appears not only to have lived on amicable terms with 
Ben Jonſon himſelf, (at leaſt we have no proof to the con- 
trary,) but with his ſervant, Richard Brome ; to whoſe 
play entitled The Northern Laſs, which was aQed by the 
King's Company on the 29th of July 1629, the very 
year of the publication of The Lover's Melancholy, and 
of the firſt exhibition of The New Inn, is prefixed an 
high panegyrick by“ the author's very friend, Fohn 
Ford.“ | | 
Let 


414 S HAK SPEARE, FORD, &c. 


Let the preſent detection be a leſſon to mankind in 
matters of greater moment, and teach thoſe whom higher 
conſiderations do not deter from invading the rights or 
property of others by any kind of fiction, to abſtain from 
ſuch an attempt, from the zheicacy and folly of it; for 
the moſt plauſible and beſt fabricated tale, if properly 
examined, will crumble to pieces, like << the labour'd 
mole,”* looſened from its foundations by the continued 
force of the ocean; while ſimple and honeſt truth, firm 
and ſelf-dependent, will ever maintain its ground againſt 
all aſſailants, — | | 


&« As rocks reſiſt the billows and the ſky.” 
| | MaLoxz. 


"4 GH { i 
F f * 72 BY 
FN 45 
14 * <2 
a 7 © F 
we 8 m"— 
2 


END OF THE FIRST PART OF THE FIRST VOLUME, 


