THe: 


PLAYS AND POEMS 
WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 


VOLUME THE FIRST. 


PART II. 


THY 


PLAYS AND POEMS 


WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 


VOLUME THE FIRST. 
PARTE ih 


CONTAINING 


HISTORY OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 


THE TEMPEST. 
THE TWO GENTLEMEN OF VERONA. 


THE MERRY WIVES OF WINDSOR, 


LONDON: PRINTED BY H. BALDWIN, 


For J. Rivington and Sons, L. Davis, B. White and Son, T. Longman, 
B. Law, H. S. Woodfall, C. Dilly, J. Robſon, J. Johnſon, T. Vernor, 

S. G. J. and J. Robinſon, T. Cadell, J. Murray, R. Baldwin, 
H. L. Gardner, J. Sewell, J. Nichols, J. Bew, T. Payne, jun. 

S8. Hayes, R. Faulder, W. Lowndes, G. and T. Wilkie, Scatcherd 
and Whitaker, T. and J. Egerton, C. Stalker, J. Barker, J. Edwards, 
Ogilvie and Speare, J. Cuthell, J. Lackington, and E. Newbery. 


M DCC XC, 


r 
oy 


2 
2 


AN HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
o 
THE RISE AND PROGRESS 
| EXT Hi | 
ENE EIER STA. 
| 4 o F 


THE ECONOMY AND US AGES OF OUR 
ANCIENT THEATRES. 


Tür drama before the time of Shakſpeare was ſo 

little cultivated, or ſo ill underſtood, that to many it 
may appear unneceſſary to carry our theatrical reſearches 
higher than that period. Dryden has truly obſerved, 
that he: found not, but created firſt the ſtage; of 
which no one can doubt, who conſiders, that of all the 
plays iſſued from the preſs antecedent to the year 1592, 
when there is reaſon to believe he commenced a drama- 
tick writer, the titles are ſcarcely known, except to 
antiquaries; nor is there one of them that will bear a 
ſecond peruſal. Vet theſe, contemptible and few as 

they are, we may ſuppoſe to have been the moſt popular 

productions of the time, and the beſt that had been 
exhibited before the appearance of Shakſpeare“. 


I There are but thirty-eight plays, (excluſive of myſteries, moralities, 
interludes, and tranſlated: pieces,) now extant, written antecedent to, 
or in, the year 1592. Their titles are as follows: | 
Acolaſtus - — 1540 | Appius and Virginia 
| 23 and Porrex = 175 = foi . inf, Needle [ 1575 
Damon and Pytbias 1562 | Promos and Caſſandra = 1578 
Tancred and Giſmund - 1568 Arraignment of Paris | 
Cambyſes, no date, but pro- | Sapphbo and Pbao 8 1584 

bably written before - 1570 Alexander and Campaſpe 

| Misfortunes of Arthur, 1587 
Vor. I, Part II. T0” A minute 


2 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
A minute inveſtigation, therefore, of the origin and 
progreſs of the drama in England, will ſcarcely repay 


the labour of the inquiry. 


However, as the beſt intro- 
duction to an account of the internal economy and uſages 


of the Engliſh theatres in the time of Shakſpeare, (the 
principal object of this diſſertation, ) 1 ſhall take a curſory 
view of our moſt ancient dramatick exhibitions, though I 
fear 1 can add but little to the reſearches which ha 


already been made on that ſubject. 


Feronimo 

Spaniſh Tragedy, or 
Hieronimo is mad again | 

Tamburlaine 

Titus Andronicus - 


Ling Henry V. in or before 


Contention between the 
Houſes of Yorke and Lan- 
caſter, in or before = 

King John, in two as 

Endymion - 

Soliman and Perſeda 

Midas 

Galathea { 

Arden of Fever ſham 


Alpbonſus king of Arra- 


gon 
James IV. king of Scot- 
1 589 avg” ones | 
I ookinglaſs for 
T, London 25 Ealing 
Friar Bacon and Friar 
1590 Bungay 
Few of Malta 
1591 Pr. auſtus 
yp OO IF. 
 [Euft's Dominion 
„ Me, cre of Paris © 
© PO Di 0 4 


1588 


* 


c Furioſo TJ 


"" 


Between the years 1592 and 1600, the following plays were printed 
or exhibited; the greater part of which, probably, were written before 


our author commenced play-wright. 


Cleopatra = 

Edward I, 

Battle of Alcazar 1 

Wounds of Civil War 

Selymus, Emperor of the 
urks 

Cornelia 

Mother Bombie 

The Cobler's Prophecy Y% 

The Wars of Cyrus 

King Eeir © 

Taming of a Shrew 

An old wives Tale 

Maid's Metamorp hoſes 

Love's Metamorp hoſes J 

Pealer's Prophecy 

Antonius 

Edward III. 

Fily Beguiled 


— wy 


1593] Mucedorus - 
The wirtuous Octavia 
Blind Beggar of Alex- 
andria | 
EveryMan in bis Humour 
Pinner of Wakefield © 
Warning for fair Women 
1594| David and Bethſabe 
Two. angry women of A- 
bingdon _ 
The Caſe is altered 
Every Man out of bis 
Humour + 
The Trial of Chevalry 
Humorous day's mirtb 
Summer's laſt Will and 
1595] Teftament 3 


„ =. 


2 


2. 


Woman in the Moon =» » 


* 


1597 


159 


1599 


Mr. 


8 . 8 ET INI W 0 
. 8 $ EARS c EF Ee I A I GLEN 1 HOG _ —— 1 
1 f f!fkſt.lO .... ee Ren Re ITT To TIT Eg 

Lads 23 8 *, LEST FT 9 rt EY, Wes n 53 bo FA A r n 
n 5 1 po de Yes at N 2 n 25 n 

N 1 F r n 8 4 3 OT SER er 

IT CC TN ot OR 45 * 1 N * : 

- . . +} . : FEA 8 S 3 


Re Es ET Nee _ 
2 8 OY * I 2 3 ORE Eons 8 7 
N . 


a 
* 
* 
WG. 
FX 
Fe 
pf 
LM * 
* * 
24 
2 
— * 
Ko 
WE. - 
7 8 
» EG 
K. 
25 
1 
1 
* 
EXE, 
BK 
SEEM 
* 
— 
_ 
<0 
BS 
bs. 
0D 
= 
oY 
* 
72 
3 
4 
2 
» 
= 
I 
FE 
« JM 
9 
2:0 
by”. 
BS 
4214.90 
Ph 
. 
- a 
BK 
1 
-& 
+ 
EY 
L238 
* 
* * 
1 
We 
* 
i 
EA. 
= 
nn 
xn 
200 
FM 
3 
be: 
Fo, 
"IN 
50 
i% 
4, 
bs, 
< 
5 
IF 
of 
1% * 
bs 
pd 
3 
2 
422 


WW 
OD. Oe, MONROE IS oe RTE Eres 8 
* * 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 3 
Mr. Warton in his elegant and ingenious Hiſtory of 
Engliſh Poetry has given ſo accurate an account of 
our earlieſt dramatick performances, that I ſhall make 


no apology for extracting from various parts of his 


valuable work, ſuch particulars as ſuit my preſent pur- 

oſe. | 
f The earlieſt dramatick entertainments exhibited in 
England, as well as every other part of Europe, were of 
a religious kind. So early as in the beginning of the 


_ twelfth century, it was cuſtomary in England on holy 


feſtivals to repreſent, in or near the churches, either the 
lives and miracles of ſaints, or the moſt important ſtories 
of Scripture. From the ſubje& of theſe ſpectacles, 
which, as has been obſerved, were either the miracles of 
ſaints, or the more myſterious parts of holy writ, ſuch as 
the incarnation, paſſion, and reſurrection of Chriſt, 
theſe ſcriptural plays were denominated Miracles, or 
Myfteries., At what period of time they were firſt 
exhibited in this country, I am unable to aſcertain. 
Undoubtedly, however, they are of. very great antiquity ; 
and Riccoboni, who has: contended that the Italian 
theatre is the moſt ancient in Europe, has claimed 
for his country an honour to which it is not entitled. 
The era of the earlieſt repreſentation in Italy *, founded 
on holy writ, he has placed in the year 1264, when 
the fraternity del Gonfalone was eſtabliſhed ; but we had 
fimilar exhibitions in England above 150 years before 
that time. In the year 1110, as Dr. Percy and Mr. 
Warton have obſerved, the Miracle-play of Saint Catha- 
rine, written by Geoffrey, a learned Norman, (afterwards 
Abbot of St. Alban's,) was acted, probably by his 
ſcholars, in the abbey of Dunſtable; perhaps the firſt 
ſpectacle of this kind exhibited in Englands. William 
Fitz-Stephen, a monk of Canterbury, who according 


2 'The French theatre cannot be traced higher than the year 1398, 
when the Myſtery of the Paſſion was repreſented at St. Maur. 

3 C Apud Duneſtapliam—quendam ludum de ſancta Katerina (quem 
Mrrxacur a vulgariter appellamus) fecit. Ad que decoranda, petiit 
a ſacriſta ſancti Albani, ut fibi capz chorales accommodarentur, et 
obtinuit.“ Vitæ Abbat, ad calc. = Mat. Paris, folio, 1639. p+ 56. 

5 2 t 


0 


4 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT. 


to the beſt accounts compoſed: his very curious work in 
1174, about four years after the murder of his patron 
Archbiſhop Becket, and in the twenty-firſt year of the reign 
of King Henry the ſecond, mentions, that London, for 
its theatrical exhibitions, has religious plays, either the 
repreſentations of miracles wrought by holy confeſſors, 
or the ſufferings of martyrs . | | 

Mr. Warton has remarked, that in the time of 
Chaucer Plays of Miracles appear to have been the 
common reſort of idle goſſips in Lent:“ | 


4 cc Lundonia pro ſpectaculis theatralibus, pro ludis ſcenicis, 
ludos habit ſanctiores, repræſentationes miraculorum quæ ſancti con- 
feſſores operati ſunt, ſeu repræſentationes paſſionum, quibus claruit 
conſtantia martyrum.“ 3 nobiliſimæ civitatis Lundonie. 
Fitz-Stephen's very curious deſcription of London is a portion of a 
larger work, entitled Vita ſandti Tbomæ, Archiepiſcopi et Martyris, 
i. e. Thomas a Becket. It is aſcertained to have been written after 8 
the murder of Becket in the year 1170, of which Fitz-Stephen was 8 
an ocular witneſs, and while King Henry II. was yet living. A bi 
modern writer with great probability ſuppoſes it to have been compoſed 


in 1174, the author in one paſſage mentioning that the church of 4 
Saint Paul's was formerly metropolitical, and that it was thought it 1 
would become ſo again, „ ſhould the citizens return into the iſland.” 1 


In 1174 King Henry II. and his ſons had carried over with them a 
conſiderable number of citizens to France, and many Engliſh had in 
that year alſo gone to Ireland. See Diſſertation prefixed to Fitz- 
Stephen's. Deſcription of London, newly tranſlated, &c, 4to. 1772, 
p. 16,—Near the end of his Deſcription is a paſſage which aſcertains 1 
it to have been written before the year 1182: © Lundonia et modernis | 
temporibus reges illuſtros magnificoſque peperit; imperatricem Ma- 
tildam, Henricum regem tertium, et beatum Thomam” [Thomas 
Becket}. Some have ſuppoſed that inftead of tertium we ought to read« 
ſecundum, but the text is undoubtedly right; and by tertium, Fitz. 
Stephen muſt have meant Henry, the ſecond fon of Henry the Second, 
who was born in London in 1156-7, and being heir apparent, after 
the death of his elder brother William, was crowned king of England 
in his father*s life-time, on the 15th of July, 1170. He was frequently 
ſtyled rex filius, rex juvenis, and ſometimes he and his father were 
- denominated Reges Angliæ. The young king, who occaſionally exerciſed 
all the rights and prerogatives of royalty, died in 1182. Had he not 
been living when Fitz-Stephen wrote, he would probably have added 
nuper defunfium. Neither Henry II. nor Henry III. were born in 
London, See the Diſſertation above - cited, p. 12. e 


0 
rr 
n n N 


5 e Therefore 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE, 8 


«© Therfore made I my viſitations 
4 Tovigilies and to proceſſions; 


«© To prechings eke, and to thiſe pilgrimages, 
«© To playes of miracles, and mariages*, &c. 


„„ And in Pierce Plowman's Creed, a piece perhaps 
prior to Chaucer, a friar Minorite mentions theſe 
Miracles as not leſs frequented than market-towns and 
fairs: „ 
c We haunten no taverns, ne hobelen about, 
At markets and Miracles we meddle us never.“ 


The elegant writer, whoſe words I have juſt quoted, has 
given the following ingenious account of the origin of 
this rude ſpecies of dramatick entertainment: 

«© About the eighth century trade was principally 
carried on by means of fairs, which laſted ſeveral days. 
Charlemagne eſtabliſhed many great marts of this ſort 
in France, as did William the Conqueror, and his 
Norman ſucceſfors, in England. The merchants who 
frequented theſe fairs in numerous caravans or compa- 
nies, employed every art to draw the people together. 
They were therefore accompanied by jugglers, min- 
ſtrels, and buffoons; who were no leſs intereſted in 
giving their attendance, and exerting all their {kill on 
theſe occaſions. As now but few large towns exiſted, 
no publick ſpectacles or popular amuſements were eſta- 
bliſhed ; and as the ſedentary pleaſures of domeſtick 
life and private ſociety were yet unknown, the fair-time 
was the ſeaſon for diverſion. In proportion as theſe 
ſhews were attended and encouraged, they began to be 
ſet off with new decorations and improvements: and 
the arts of buffoonery being rendered {till more attrac- 
tive, by extending their circle of exhibition, acquired 
an importance in the eyes of the people. By degrees 
the clergy obſerving that the entertainments of dancing, 
muſick, and mimickry, exhibited at theſe protracted 
annual celebrities, made the people leſs religious, by 
promoting idleneſs and a love of feſtivity, proſcribed 


- 5 The Wif of Bathes ProJogue, v. 61 37. Tyrwhitt's edit. 
* 3 theſe 


— 


"4 HfSTORICAL ACCOUNT 


| theſe ſports, and excommunicated the performers. But 
finding that no regard was paid to their cenſures, they 
changed their plan, and determined to take theſe recrea- 
tions, into their own hands. They turned actors; and 
inſtead of profane mummeries, preſented ſtories taken 
from legends or the bible. This was the origin of 
ſacred comedy. The death of Saint Catharine, acted 
by the monks of ſaint Dennis, rivalled the popularity 
of the profeſſed players. Muſick was admitted into 
the churches, which ſerved as theatres for the repreſen- 
tation of holy farces. The feſtivals among the French, 
called La fete de Foux, d PAne, and des Innocens, at 
length became greater favourites, as they certainly 
were more capricious and abſurd, than the interludes of 
the buffoons at the fairs. Theſe are the 1deas of a 
Judicious French writer now living, who has inveſti- 
gated the hiſtory of human manners with great com- 
prehenſion and ſagacity.”? | | 

«© Voltaire's theory on this ſubject is alſo very inge- 
nious, and quite new. Religious plays, he ſuppoſes, came 
originally from Conſtantinople ©; where the old Grecian 
ſage continued to flouriſh in ſome degree, and the 
_ tragedies of Sophocles and Euripides were repreſented, 
till the fourth century. About that period, Gregory 
Nazianzen, an archbiſhop, a poet, and one of the 
fathers of the church, baniſhed pagan plays from the 
ſtage at Conſtantinople, and introduced ſtories from 
the old and new Teſtament. As the ancient Greek 
tragedy was a religious ſpectacle, a tranſition was made 
on the ſame plan; and the choruſſes were turned into 
Chriſtian hymns. Gregory wrote many ſacred dramas 


Se At Conſtantinople” (as Mr. Warton has elſewhere obſerved,) 
* it ſeems that the ſtage flouriſhed much, under Juſtinian and Theo- 
dora, about the year 540: for in the Baſilica] codes we have the 
oath of an actreſs, an avaywptiy vn Topveiags, Tom. VIIe p. 682, 
edit. Fabrot. Græco-Lat. The ancient Greek fathers, particularly 
ſaint Chryſoſtom, are full of declamation againft the drama; and 
complain, that the people heard a comedian with much more 
pleaſure than a preacher of the goſpel.'* Warton's H of E. P. I. 


244 Ns 
i for 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 7 


For this purpoſe, which have not ſurvived thoſe inimi- 
table compoſitions over which they triumphed for a 
time: one, however, his tragedy called Xpiglog T&oxor, 
or Chrift*s Paſſion, is ſtill extant. In the prologue it is 
ſaid to be an imitation of Euripides, and that this 1s 
the firſt time the Virgin Mary had been introduced on 
the ſtage. The faſhion of acting ſpiritual dramas, in 
which at firſt a due degree of method and decorum was 
preſerved, was at length adopted from Conſtantinople by 
the Italians; who framed, in the depth of the dark ages, 
on this foundation, that barbarous ſpecies of theatrical 
repreſentation called MySsTERIESs, or ſacred comedies, 
and which were ſoon after received in France. This opi- 
nion will acquire probability, if we conſider the early 
commercial intercourſe between Italy and Conſtan- 
tinople: and although the Itahans, at the time when 
they may be ſuppoſed to have imported plays of this 
nature, did not underſtand the Greek language, yet 
they could underſtand, and conſequently could imitate, 

what they ſaw.” | 
« In defence of Voltaire's hypotheſis, it may be 
further obſerved, that The feaſt of fools and of the Aſs, 
with other religious farces of that fort, ſo common in 
Europe, originated at Conſtantinople, They were in- 
ſtituted, although perhaps under other names, in the 
Greek Church, about the year 990, by Theophylact, 
patriarch of Conſtantinople, probably with a better 
deſign than is imagined by the eccleſiaſtical annaliſts; 
that of weaning the minds of the people from the pagan 
ceremonies, by the ſubſtitution of chriſtian ſpectacles 
partaking of the ſame ſpirit of licentiouſneſs.— To thoſe 
who are accuſtomed to contemplate the great picture of 
human follies which the unpoliſhed ages of Europe hold 
up to our view, it will not appear ſurpriſing, that the 
people who were forbidden to read the events of the 
ſacred hiſtory in the bible, in which they were faithfully 
and beautifully related, ſhould at the ſame time be per- 
mitted to ſee them repreſented on the ſtage, diſgraced 
with the groſſeſt improprieties, corrupted with inventions 
and additions of the moſt ridiculous kind, ſullied with 
| „ impurities, 


3 * — pa 2 PE en - 2 —_—_ 
——ů— — — — . OGDEN 


8 HTS TORICAL ACCOUNT 
impurities, and expreſſed in the language of the loweft 
farce.“ 

«© On the whole, the Myſteries appear to have origi- 
nated among the eccleſiaſticks; and were moſt proba- 
bly firſt ated with any degree of form by the monks. 
This was certainly the caſe in the Engliſh Monaſteries?, 
IT have already mentioned the play of Saint Catharine 


performed at Dunſtable Abbey by the novices in the 


eleventh century, under the ſuperintendance of Geoffrey 
a Pariſian eccleſiaſtick: and the exhibition of the Paſſion 
by the mendicant friers of Coventry and other places. 
Inſtances have been given of the like practice among the 
French. The only perſons who could now read, were in the 
religious ſocieties; and various circumſtances, peculiarly 
ariſing from their ſituation, profeſſion, and inſtitution, 
enabled the Monks to be the ſole performers of theſe 


repreſentations.“ 


4 As learning encreaſed, and was more widely diſſe- 
minated, from the monaſteries, by a natural and eaſy 
tranſition, the practice migrated to ſchools and univer- 
ſities, which were formed on the monaſtick plan, and 


in many reſpects reſembled the eccleſiaſtical bodies *.” 


Candlemas Day, or The Slaughter of the Innocents, writ- 


ten by Ihan Parfrein 1512, Mary Magdalene, produced in 
the ſame year“, and The Promiſes of God, written by 
John Bale, and printed in 1538, are curious ſpeci- 
mens of this early ſpecies of drama. But the moſt 


ancient as well as moſt complete collection of this kind 


is, The Cheſter Myſteries, which were written by Ralph 
Higden, a Monk of the Abbey of Cheſter, about the 


year 13285, of which a particular account will be found 


below. 


7 © In ſome regulations given by Cardinal Wolſey to the monaſteries 
of the Canons regular of Saint Auſtin, in the year 1519, the brothers 
are forbidden to be l ſores aut mimici, players or mimicks. But the 
prohibition means that the monks ſhould not go abroad to exerciſe theſe 


arts in a ſecular and mercenary capacity.SeeAnnal, Burtonenſes, p.437. 


In 1589, however, an injunction made in the Mexican Covuxcir 
was ratified at Rome, to prohibit all clerks from playing in the Myſteries 
even on Corpus Chriſti day. See HisT. or E. P. II. 201. 

3 Warton's HIS Tou YO ENGLIS POETRY, II. pp. 366, et ſeg. 

2 Mſs. Digby, 133. Bibl. Bodl. | 

3 Mſs, Harl. 2013, &c. © Exhibited at Cheſter in the year 1327, 


9 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 9 


below, I am tempted to tranſcribe a few lines from 
the third of theſe pageants, The Deluge, as a ſpecimen of 
of the ancient Myſteries, | 


at the expence of the different trading companies of that city. The 
Fall of Lucifer, by the Tanners, . The Creation, by the Drapers. The 
Deluge, by the Dyers. Abraham, Melchiſedech, and Lot, by the 
Barbers. Moſes, Balak, and Balaam, by the Cappers. The Saluta- 
tion and Nativity, by the Wrightes, Zhe Shepherds feeding their 
flocks by night, by the Painters and Glaziers. The three Kings, by 
the Vintners. The Oblation of the three Kings, by the Mercers. The 
killing of the Innocents, by the Goldſmiths. The Purification, by the 
Blackſmithss The Temptation, by the Butchers, The laſt Supper, by 
the Bakers. The b/ind Men and Lazarus, by the Glovers. Feſ«s 
and the Lepers, by the Corveſarys. Chyift's Paſſion, by the Bowyers, 
Fletchers, and Ironmongers. Deſcent into Hell, by the Cooks and 
Innkeepers. The Reſurrection, by the Skinners. The Aſcenſion, by 
the Taylors. The Election of S. Mathias, ſending of the Holy Ghoſt, &c. 
by the Fiſhmongers. Anticbriſ, by the Clothiers. Day of Fudge- 
ment, by the Webſters. The reader will perhaps ſmile at ſome of theſe 
combinations. This is the ſubſtance and order of the former part 
of the play. God enters creating the world; he breathes life into Adam, 
leads him into Paradiſe, and opens his fide while ſleeping. Adam 
and Eve appear naked, and not aſhamed, and the old ſerpent enters 
lamenting his fall. He converſes with Eve, She eats of the forbidden 
fruit, and gives part to Adam. They propoſe, according to the ſtage- 
direction, to make themſelves ſubligacula a foliis guibus tegamus 
pudenda. Cover their nakedneſs with leaves, and converſe with God. 
God's curſe. The ſerpent exit hiſſing. They are driven from Para- 
diſe by four angels and the cherubim with a flaming ſword. Adam 
appears digging the ground, and Eve ſpinning. Their children Cain 
and Abel enter: the former kills his brother. Adam's lamentation. 
Cain is baniſhed,” &c. Warton's HIS T. or E. P. I. 243. 

Mr. Warton obſerves in a note in his firſt volume, p. 180, that „ if 
it be trug that theſe Myſteries were compoſed in the year 1328, and 
there was ſo much difficulty in obtaining the Pope's permiſſion that 
they might be preſented in Engliſh, a preſumptive proof ariſes, that 
all our Myſteries before that period were in Latin. Theſe plays will 
. therefore have the merit of being the firſt Engliſh interludes.” 

Polydore Virgil mentions in his book de Rerum Inwentoribus, Lib. 
v. c. 2, that the Myſteries were in his time in Engliſh. & Solemus vel 
more priſcorum ſpectacula edere populo, ut ludos, venationes , 
—recitare comedias, item in templis vitas divorum ac martyria repræ- 
ſentare, in quibus, ut cunctis par ht voluptas, gui recitant, vernaculam 
linguam tantum uſur pant. The firſt three books of Polydore's work 
were publiſhed in 1499; in 1517, at which time he was in England, 
he added five more, | PE | 

The 


— mm—__—_— wm ꝗ . ˙˙¹ — òꝛ ů!j̃—˙Ä.w w 


10 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
The firſt ſcenical direction 15,—** Et primo in aliqus 
ſupremo loco, five in nubibus, fi fieri poterat, loquatur Dx vs 
ad Noe, extra archam exiſtente cum tota familia ſua. 
Then the ALMIGHTY, after expatiating on the fins of 
mankind, is made to ſay: 


Man that I made I will deſtroye, 
Beaſt, worme, and fowle to fley, 
For one earth the doe me nye, 
The folke that are herone, 
It harmes me ſore hartefully 
The malice that doth nowe multiplye, 
'That ſore it greeves me inwardlie 
That ever I made man. 
'Therefore, Noe, my ſervant free, 
That righteous man arte, as I ſee, 
A ſhipp ſoone thou ſhalt make thee 
Of trees drye and lighte. | 
Litill chambers therein thou make, 
And byndinge ſlytche alſo thou take, 
Within and without ney thou flake 
To anoynte yt through all thy mighte, &c. 


After ſome dialogue between Noah, Sem, Ham, 
Japhet, and their wives, we find the following ſtage- 
direction: Then Noe with all his family ſhall make 
a ſigne as though the wrought uppon the ſhippe with 
divers inſtruments, and after that God ſhall ſpeake to 
| Noe, take thou thy meanye, 

And in the ſhipp hie that ye be, 

For non ſo righteous man to me 

Is nowe on earth hivinge. 

Of clean beaſtes with the thou take 
Seven and ſeven, or thou ſlake, | 
He and ſhe, make to make, 

By live 1n that thou bring, &c. 


« Then Noe ſhall goe into the arke with all his 
familye, his wife excepte, The arke muſt be boarded 
= | round 


oy 
fk 
bs 
* 
7 
7% 
** 
WY: 
1. 
1 
> 
0 
* 
1 
r 
5,5, # 
* 
1 +: 
_ 
3 . 
5 $4 
+357 
4388 
2 
0 2 
8 
18 
3 
BY 
8 
7:5 
3 
„ 
5 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 11 


round aboute, and uppon the bordes all the beaſtes and 


fowles hereafter rehearſed muſt be painted, that there 
wordes maye agree with the pictures.“ 


SEM. Sier, here are lions, libardes, in, 
Horſes, mares, oxen and ſwyne, 
Neates, calves, ſneepe and kyne, 

Here ſitten thou maye ſee, &c. 


After all the beaſts and fowls have been deſcribed, 
Noah thus addreſſes his wife: 


No. Wife, come in, why ſtandes thou there ? 
Thou art ever froward, that dare I ſwere, 
Come in on Godes halfe ; tyme it were, 

For fear leſt that wee drowne. 
WIE. Yea, fir, ſet up your ſaile, 
And rowe forth with evil haile, 
For withouten anie faile 
I wil not oute of this toune; 
But I have my goſſepes everich one, 
One foote further I will not gone: 
'They ſhal not drown by St. John, 
And I may fave ther life. 
They loved me full well by Chrift: 
But thou will let them in thie chiſt, 
Ellis rowe forth, Noe, when thou liſt, 
And get thee a newe wife. 


At length Sem and his brethren put her on board by 
force, and on Noah's welcoming her, Welcome, wife, 
into this boate,” ſhe gives him a box on the ear: 
adding, Take thou that for thy note.“ 

Many licentious pleaſantries, as Mr. Warton has 
obſerved, were ſometimes introduced in theſe religious 
repreſentations, ** This might imperceptibly lead the 
way to ſubjects entirely profane, and to comedy; and 
perhaps earlier than is imagined. In a Myſtery of 


2 It is obvious that the tranſcriber of theſe ancient Myfteries, which 
appear to have been written in 1328, repreſents them as they were 
exhibited at Cheſter in 1600, and that he has not adhered to the 
original orthography, 


the 


FF HISTORICAL ACCOUNT . 


The Maſſacre of the Holy [nnocents 3, part of the ſubject 
of a ſacred drama given by the Engliſh fathers at the 
famous Council of Conſtance, in the year 1417, a low 
buffoon of Herod's court is introduced, deſiring of his 
lord to be dubbed a knight, that he might be properly 
qualified to go oz the adventure of killing the mothers 
of the children of Bethlehem. This tragical buſineſs is 
treated with the moſt ridiculous levity. The good 
women of Bethlehem attack our knight-errant with 
their ſpinning-wheels, break his head with their diſtaffs, 
abuſe him as a coward and a diſgrace to chivalry, 
and ſend him to Herod as a recreant champion with 
much ignominy,—lt is certain that our anceſtors 
intended no ſort of impiety by theſe monſtrous and 
unnatural mixtures. Neither the writers nor the 
ſpectators ſaw the impropriety, nor paid a ſeparate 
attention to the comick and the ſerious part of theſe 
motley ſcenes; at leaſt they were perſuaded that the 
ſolemnity of the ſubject covered or excuſed all incongrui- 
ties. They had no juſt idea of decorum, conſequently but 
little ſenſe of the ridiculous: what appears to us to be the 
higheſt burleſque, on them would haye made no ſort of 


impreſſion. We muſt not wonder at this, in an age when 


courage, devotion, and ignorance, compoſed the cha- 
racter of European manners; when the knight going to 
a tornament, firſt invoked his God, then his miſtreſs, 
and afterwards proceeded with a ſafe conſcience and 
great reſolution to engage his antagoniſt, In theſe 
Myſteries I have ſometimes ſeen groſs and open obſceni- 
ties. In a play of The Old and New Teftament Adam 


and Eve are both exhibited on the ſtage naked, and 


converſing about their nakedneſs; this very pertinently 
introduces the next ſcene ; in which they have coverings 


of fig-leaves. This extraordinary ſpectacle was beheld 


by a numerous aſſembly of both ſexes with great com- 


poſure: they had the authority of ſcripture for ſuch a 


3 Mſs. Digby 134. Bibl. Bodl. > | 
4 This kind of primitive exhibition was revived in the time of 
King James the Firſt, ſeveral perſons appearing almoſt entirely naked 


in one of the Maſks, which was repreſented before him, his queen, 


and a large aſſembly of the ladies of the court. It is, if I reccolle& 
right, deſcribed by Winwood. : 4 
repreſentation 


\ "RY 
Re 
12.7% 
Xs 
= 
> 
2 
=”. 
LE 4s - 
= 
5 
2 
— 
ff 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE r3 


repreſentation, and they gave matters juſt as they found 
them in the third chapter of Geneſis, It would have 
been abſolute hereſy to have departed from the ſacred 
text in perſonating the primitive appearance of our firſt 
parents, whom the ſpectators ſo nearly reſembled in 
timplicity ; and if this had not been the caſe, the dra- 
matiſts were ignorant what to reje& and what toretains,”? 
«© ] muſt not omit,”” adds Mr. Warton®, an anecdote 
entirely new, with regard to the mode of playing the 
Myſteries at this period, [the latter part of the fifteenth 
century, ] which yet is perhaps of much higher anti- 
quity. In the year 1487, while Henry the ſeventh kept 
his reſidence at the caſtle of Wincheſter, on occaſion of 
the birth of prince Arthur, on a Sunday, during the time of 
dinner, he was entertained with a religious drama called 
Chriſti Deſcenſus ad inferos, or Chriſt's deſcent into 
Hell. It was repreſented by the Pueri Eleemoſynarii, or 
choir- boys, of Hyde Abbey, and Saint Swithin's priory, 
two large monaſteries at Wincheſter. This is the only 
proof I have ever ſeen of choir - boys acting in the old 
Myſteries : nor do I recolle& any other inſtance of a royal 
dinner, even on a feſtival, accompanied with this fpecies 
of diverſion 7. The ftory of this interlude, in which the 
chief characters were Chriſt, Adam, Eve, Abraham, and 
John theBaptiſt, was not uncommon in the ancient religious 
drama, and I believe made a part of what 1s called the 
Lupus PascHAL1s, or Eafter Play. It occurs in the 
Coventry Plays acted on Corpus Chriſti day®, and in the 
| 20 . Whitſun 


5 Warton's HIS T. or ENGLISR POETRY. I. pp. 242, et ſeg. 

6 HIS T. or E. P. II. p. 206. N : 

7 ««Except,that on the firſt ſunday of the magnificent marriage of king 
James of Scotland with the princeſs Margaret of England, daughter of 
Henry the ſeventh, celebrated at Edinburgh with high ſplendour, 
« after dynnar a MorRaLiTE was played by the ſaid Maſter Inglyſhe 
and hys companions in the preſence of the kyng and qweene. On one 
of the preceding days, * after ſoupper the kynge and qweene beynge 
togader in hyr grett chamber, John Inglyſh and hys companions plaid.“ 
Fm was in the year 1503. Apud Leland, coll. iii. p. 300. Append. 
edit. 1770.“ | a 

8 Fa account of the Coventry Plays in Stevens's Monaſticon, 
pol, I, p. 238. © Sir W. Dugdale, ſpeaking of the Gray-friars or 

5 : | F ranciſcans 


14 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 

Whitſun-plays at Cheſter, where it is called the Har- 
ROWI NG OF HELL. The repreſentation is, Chriſt 
entering hell triumphantly, delivering our firſt parents, 


Franciſcans at Coventry, ſays, before the ſuppreſſion of monaſteries 
this city was very famous for the pageants that were played therein 
upon Corpus-Chriſti day; which pageants being acted with mighty 

ſtate and reverence by the friers of this houſe, had theatres 
for the ſeveral ſcenes, very large and high, placed upon wheeles, and 
drawn to all the eminent parts of the city, for the better advantage of 
the ſpectators.— An ancient manuſcript of the ſame is now to be ſeen 
In the Cottonian Library, ſub. effig. Veſp. D. 8. Sir William cites 
this manuſcript by the title of Ludus Coventriæ; but in the printed 
catalogue of that library, p. 113, it is named thus: A collection of plays 
in old Engliſh metre; h. e. Dramata ſacra, in quibus exhibentur 
biftoriee Veteris & N. Teftamenti, introductis quaſi in ſcenam perſonis 
lic memoratis, quas ſecum invicem colloguentes pro ingenio fingit poctas 
Videntur olim cor am populo, five ad inſtruendum, five ad placendum, a 
fratribus mendicantibus reprœſentata. It appears by the latter end of the 
prologue, that theſe plays or interludes were not only played at Coven- 
try, but in other towns and places upon occaſion» And poſſibly this 
may be the ſame play which Stow tells us was played in the reign of 
King Henry IV. which laſted for eight days. The book ſeems by the 
character and language to be at leaſt 300 years old. It begins with 
a general prologue, giving the arguments of forty pageants or geſti- 
cularions, (which were as ſo many ſeveral acts or ſcenes,) repreſenting 
all the hiſtories of both teſtaments, from the creation to the 
chuſing of St. Matbias to be an apoſtle, The ftories of the New 
Teſtament are more largely expreſſed, viz. The Annunciation, Nati- 
vity, Viſitation; but more eſpecially all matters relating to the Paſſion 
very particularly, the Reſurrection, Aſcenſion, the choice of St, 
Mathias : after which is alſo repreſented the Aſſumption, and laſt 
Judgment. All theſe things were treated of in a very homely ſtile, 
as we now think, infinitely below the dignity of the ſubject: But it 
ſeems the guſt of that age was not nice and delicate in theſe matters; 
the plain and incurious judgment of our anceſtors, being prepared 
with favour, and taking every thing by the right and eaſieſt handle; 
For example, in the ſcene relating to the Viſitation : 


Maria. But huſband of on thyng pray you moſt mekeley, 

I have knowing that our coſyn Elizabeth with childe is, 
That it pleaſe yow to go to her haſtyly, 

If ought we myth comfort her, it wer to me blys, 

Joſepb. A Gods ſake, is ſhe with child, ſche? 
; Than will her huſband Zachary be mery. 
In Montana they dwelle, fer hence, ſo mory the, 
In the city of Juda, I know it verily; * 


they were thought to contribute ſo much to the informa- 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 15 
and the moſt ſacred characters of the old and new teſta- 


ments, from the dominion -of Satan, and conveying 


them into paradiſe.— The compoſers of the Myſteries 
did not think the plain and probable events of the new 
teſtament ſufficiently marvellous for an audience who 
wanted only to be ſurpriſed. They frequently ſelected 
their materials from books which had more of the air of 


romance. The ſubject of the Myſteries juſt mentioned 
was borrowed from the P/eudo-Evangelium, or the fabulous 


Geo/pel, aſcribed to Nicodemus : a book, which together 
with the numerous apocryphal narratives, containing, 
infinite innovations of the evangelical hiftory, and forged 
at Conſtantinople by the early writers of the Greek 
church, gave birth to an endleſs variety of legends con- 
cerning the life of Chriſt and his apoſtles ; and which, 
in the barbarous ages, was better eſteemed than the 
genuine goſpel, on account of its improbabilities and 
abſurdities.“ Ea 

« But whatſoever was the ſource of theſe exhibitions, 


tion 


It is hence, I trowe, myles two a fifty; 

We arlike to be wery or we come at the ſame, 
I wole with a good will, bleſſyd wyff Mary; 
Now go we forth then in Goddys name, &c. 


A little before the reſurrection. 


Nunc dormient milites, & weniet anima Chriſti de inferno, cum Adam 
& Eva, Abraham, John Baptiſt, et aliis. 


Anima Chriſti. Come forth, Adam, and Eve with the, 
And all my fryndes that herein be, 
In paradys come forth with me 
In blyſſe for to dwelle. 
The fende of hell that is yowr foo, 
He ſhall be wrappyd and woundyn in woo 
Fro wo to welth now ſhall ye go, 
With myrth ever mor to melle. 
Adam, I thank the, Lord, of thy grete grace, 
That now is forgiven my gret treſpace, 
Now ſhall we dwellyn in blyſsful place, &c. 


The laſt ſcene or pageant, which repreſents the day of Judgment, 
begins thus; | | | 
| Michael, 


— 


16 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


tion and inſtruction of the people on the moſt important 


ſubjects of religion, that one of the popes granted a 
pardon of one thouſand days to every perſon who reſorted 
peaceably to the plays performed in the Whitſun week at 

Cheſter, beginning with the creation, and ending with 
the general judgment; and this indulgence was ſecond- 

ed by the bithop of the dioceſe, who granted forty days of. 
pardon : the pope at the ſame time denouncing the 
ſentence of damnation on all thoſe incorrigible ſinners 
who'preſumed to diſturb or interrupt the due celebration 
of theſe: pious ſports*. It is certain that they had their 


uſe, not only in teaching the great truths of ſeripture to 
men who could not read the bible, but in aboliſhing the 
barbarous attachment to military games, and the bloody 
contentions of the tornament, which had ſo long pre- 
vailed as the ſole ſpecies of popular amuſement. Rude 
and even ridiculous as they were, they ſoftened the 

manners of the people, by diverting the public attention 


to ſpectacles in which the mind was concerned, and 
by creating a regard for other arts than thoſe of bodily. 


ſtrength and ſavage valour.“ TT 
I may add, that theſe repreſentations were ſo far from 


being conſidered as indecent or profane, that even a 
ſupreme pontiff, Pope Pius the Second, about the year 
1416, compoſed and cauſed to be acted before him on 
Corpus Chriſti day, a Myſtery, in which was repreſented 
the court of the king of beavenꝰ. | 
Theſe religious dramas were uſually repreſented on 
holy feſtivals in or near churches. *©* In ſeveral of 
our old fcriptural plays,” ſays Mr, Warton, „ we ſee 


Michael. Surgite, All men aryſe, 
Venite ad Fudicium ; . 
For now is ſet the High Juſtice, 
And hath aflignyd the day of dome; 
Kepe you redyly to this grett allyſe, 
Both gret and ſmall, all and ſum, 
And of your anſwer you now adviſe, 
What you ſhall ſay when that yow com,“ &c, - 
Hiſtoria Hiſtrionica, 8v0. 1699, pp. 15, 17, 18, 19. 


** MA. Harl. 2124. 2013. 
9 Hiſtriomaſtix, to. 1633, p. 112» 


ſome 


2 

1 

2 

ix 

br 

£ 

Lk 

og 

BY 

* 

3 

3 

Ky. 

"= 

1 # 

1 
2 

RR 

1 
1 

TO 

Wwe 

Yr, 
1 

RE 

<p 
MM Tt 

— 

2" 


= 4 
En 
1 
8 bf 75 5 
= * 
= 
3 
3 
E 
2 5 
a 
38 
A 
7 

- Fa 
* 
52 
het 
* 


l 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 17 


fome of the ſcenes directed to be repreſented cum cantu et 
organis, a common rubrick in a miſſal. That is, becauſe 


they were performed in a church where the choir aſſiſted. 


There is a curious paſſage in Lambarde's Topographi- 
cal Dictionary, written about the year 1570, much to 
our purpoſe, which I am therefore tempted to tranſcribe. 
«© In the dayes of ceremonial religion, they uſed at 


Wytney (in Oxfordſhire) to ſet fourthe yearly in maner 


of a ſhew or interlude, the reſurrection of our Lord, &c. 
For the which purpoſes, and the more lyvely heareby to 
exhibite to the eye the hole action of the reſurrection, the 
prieſtes garniſhed out certain ſmall puppettes, repreſenting 
the perſons of Chriſt, theWatchman, Marie, and others; 
amongeſt the which, one bore the parte of a wakinge 
watchman, who eſpiinge Chriſte to arriſe, made a conti- 
nual noyce hke to the ſound that is cauſed by the 


metynge of two ſtickes, and was therefore commonly 


called Fack Snacker of Mytney. The like toye 1 myſelf, 
beinge then a childe, once ſawe in Powles church, at 
London, at a feaft of Whitſuntyde ; wheare the comynge 
downe of the Holy Ghoſt was ſet forthe by a white pigeon, 
that was let to fly out of a hole that yet is to be ſene in 
the mydſt of the roofe of the great ile, and by a longe 
cenſer* which deſcendinge out of the ſame place almoſt 
to the verie grounde, was {winged up and downe at ſuch 


a lengthe, that it reached with thone ſwepe almoſt to the 


weſt-gate of the churche, and with the other to the 
quyre ftaires of the ſame; breathinge out over the 
whole churche and companie a moſt pleaſant perfume 
of ſuch ſwete thinges as burned therein. With the like 
doome-ſhews they uſed everie where to furniſh ſondrye 
parts of theire church ſervice, as by their ſpectacles of 
the nativitie, paſſion, and aſcenſion 3,** &c. 


1 P. 459, edit. 1730. 4to. 


# 


2 This may ſerve to explain a very extraordinary paſſage in Stowe's 
Annales, p. 690, edit. 1605: And on the morrowe hee [King 
Edward the Fourth] went crowned in Paul's church in London, in 
the honor of God and S. Paule, and there an Angell came downe, and 
cenſed bim. | 

3 Warton's HisT. or E. P. Vol. I. p. 240, 

/ © —- In 


18 


repreſentations. 


HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 

In a preceding paſſage Mr. Warton has -mentioned& 
that the ſinging boys of Hyde Abbey and St. Swithin's 
Priory at Wincheſter performed a Myſtery before king 
Henry the Seventh in 1487 ; adding, that this is the only 
inſtance he has met with of choir-boys performing in 
Myſteries; but it appears from the accompts of various 
monaſteries that this was a very ancient practice, pro- 
bably co-eval with the earlieſt attempts at dramatick 


In the year 1378, the ſcholars, or 


choriſters of Saint Paul's cathedral, preſented a petition 
to king Richard the ſecond, praying his Majeſty to- 

rohibit ſome ignorant and unexperienced perſons from 
acting the HisTorRyY OF THE OLD TESTAMENT, to the 


great prej 


udice of the 3 
pended conſiderable ſums fo 


of the church, who had ex- 
r a publick preſent ation of 


that play at the enſuing Chriſtmas. About twelve years 
afterwards, the Pariſh Clerks of London, as Stowe in- 
forms us, performed ſpiritual plays at Skinner's Well for 
three days ſucceſſively, in the preſence of the king, queen, 
And in 1409, the tenth year 
of king Henry IV. they acted at Clerkenwell for eight 
days ſucceſſively a play, which “ was matter from the 
creation of the world, and probably concluded with the 
day of judgment, in the preſence of moſt of the nobility 


and nobles of the realm. 


and gentry of England“. 
We are indebted to Mr. 


Warton for ſome curious cir- 


cumftances relative to theſe Miracle-plays, which ap- 
Pear in a roll of the Churchwardens of Baſſingborne in 


4 Probably either the Cheſter or Coventry Myſteries. 6 In the 
7gnorant ages the Pariſh-clerks of London might juſtly be conſidered 


as a literary ſociety. 


It was an eſſential part of their profeſſion not 


only to ſing, but to read; an accompliſhment almoſt wholly confined 
to the clergy; and, on the whole, theyſeem to come under the charac- 
They were incorporated into a guild 
or fellowſhip by king Henry the third about the year 124<, under 
the patronage of ſaint Nicholas. — Their profeſſion, employment, 
and character, naturally dictated to this ſpiritual brotherhood the 
repreſentation of plays, eſpecially thoſe of the ſcriptural kind: and 
their conſtant practice in ſhews, proceſſions, and vocal muſick, eafily 
accounts for their addreſs in detaining the beſt company whick 
England aftorded in the fourteenth century, at a religious farce, for 
more than one week.“ Warton's HisT, or E. P. Vol. II. p. 396. 


ter of a religious fraternity. 


Cambridgeſhire, 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE, 19 
Cambridgeſhire, which is anaccompt of the expences and 


. receptions for acting the play of SainT GeokGce at Baſ- 
ſingborne, on the feaſt of taint Margaret, in the year 1511. 


They collected upwards of four pounds in twenty-ſeven 
neighbouring pariſhes for furniſhing the play. They 
diſburſed about two pounds in the repreſentation. Theſe 
diſburſements are to four minſtrels, or waits, of Cam- 
bridge, for three days, vs. vjd. To the players, in 


' bread and ale, 11s. 1jd. To the garnement-man for 


garnements and propyrts 5, that is, for dreſſes, deco- 
rations, and implements, and for play-books, xxs. To 
John Hobard, +brotherhoode presſte, that is, a prieſt of 
the guild in the church, for the p/ay-book, ijs. viiid. 
For the crofte, or field in which the play was exhibit- 
ed, js. For propyrte-making, or furniture, js. ivd. 
For fiſh and bread, and to ſetting up the ſtages, ivd. 
For painting three fanchoms and four tormentors, words 
which I do not underſtand, but perhaps Fantoms and 
devils - -. The reſt was expended for a feaſt on the 
occaſion, in which are recited © Four chicken for the 
gentilmen, ivd.“ It appears by the manuſcript of the 
Coventry plays, that a temporary ſcaffold only was ereaed 
for theſe performances ©,” | 


ec The property-room,” as Mr. Warton has obſerved, © is yet 
known at our theatres.” | | : 

The following liſt of the properties uſed in a Myſtery formed on the 
ſtory of Tobit in the Old Teſtament, which was exhibited in the Broad - 
gate, Lincoln, in July 1563, (6 Eliz.) appeared in The Gentleman's 
Magazine for June, 1739 : 

« Lying at Mr. Norton's bouſe in tenure of William Smart. 

« Firſt Hell-mouth, with a nether chap, Item, A priſon, with a 
covering. It. Sarah's chamber.“ 

&© Remaining in St. Swithin's church, 

& Tt. A great Idol. I:. A tomb with a covering. Te. The cyty of 
Jeruſalem with towers and pinacles. It, The cyty of Rages, with 
towers and pinacles. Ir. The city of Nineveh. It. The kings palace 
of Nineveh. Te. Old Tobyes houſe, Ir. The kyngs palace at Laches, 
I. A firmament with a firey cloud, and a double cloud, in the cuſtody 
of Thomas Fulbeck, Alderman.” 

5 HIS r. or E. P. Vol. III. p. 326. © Strype, under the year 1559, 
ſays, that after a grand feaſt at Guildhall, „ the ſame day was a ſcaffold 
ſet up in the hall for a play,” Ann. Ref, I. 197, edit. 1725. 


© 15 


20 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 

In the ancient religious plays the Devil was very fre- 
quently introduced. He was uſually repreſented with 
' horns, a very wide mouth, (by means of a maſk) ſtaring 
eyes, a large noſe, a red beard, cloven feet, and a tail. 
His conſtant attendant was the Vice, (the buffoon of the 
piece,) whoſe principal employment it was to belabour 
the Devil with his wooden dagger, and to make him roar, 
for the entertainment of the populace 7. | : 

As the Myſteries or Miracle-plays ** frequently required 
the introduction of allegorical characters, ſuch as Cha- 
rity, Sin, Death, Hope, Faith, or the like, and as the 
common poetry of the times, eſpecially among the 
French, began to deal much in allegory, at length plays 
were formed entirely conſiſting of ſuch perſonifications. 
Theſe were called Mor AL ITI S. The Miracle-plays 


or MysrTERIES were totally deſtitute of invention and 


plan: they tamely repreſented ſtories, according to the 
letter of the ſcripture, or the reſpective legend. But 
the MoxALITIESs indicate dawnings of the dramatick 
art: they contain ſome rudiments of a plot, and even 
attempt to delineate characters, and to paint manners. 
From hence the gradual tranſition to real hiſtorical per- 
ſonages was natural and obvious*.”? | | | 

Dr. Percy in his account of the Engliſh Stage has 
given an Analyſis of two ancient Moralities, entitled 
Every Man, and Lufty Juventus, from which a perfect 
notion of this kind of drama may be obtained, Every 
Man was written in the reign of king Henry the Eighth, 
and Lufty Fuventus in that of king Edward the Sixth. 
As Dr. Percy's curious and valuable collection of ancient 
Engliſh Poetry is in the hands of every ſcholar, I ſhall 
content myſelf with merely referring to it. Many 
other Moralities are yet extant, of ſome of which I 


7 c It was a pretty part in the old church-playes,” ſays Biſhop Har- 
ſenet, „when the nimble Vice would ſkip up nimbly like a Jacke-an- 
apes into the Devil's necke, and ride the devil a courſe, and belabour 
him with his wooden dagger, till he made him roar, whereat the peo. 
ple would laugh to ſee the Devil ſo Vice-haunted.” Harſenet's De- 
claration of Popiſh Impoſtures, &c. 4to. 1603. | 
8 Warton's H1sT, or E. P. I. p. 242, Percy's Reliques of Ancient 
Engliſh Poetry, V Ole . D 128. | , 

ſhall 


a 4. a 
— — 
e 


JJ ͤ 
J U —2— ns 


3 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 21 


ſhall give the titles below?. Of one, which is not now 
extant, we have a curious account in a book entitled 
Mount Tabor, or Private Exerciſes of a Penitent Sinner, 


by R. W. [R. Willis. ] Er. publiſhed in the year of his 


29 


age 75, Anno Domini, 1639; an extract from which 
will give the reader a more accurate notion of the old 
Moralities than a long diſſertation on the ſubject. 


«© Uron A STAGE-PLAY WHICH I SAW WHEN 


cc In the city of Glouceſter the manner is, (as I think 
it is in other like corporations,) that when players of 
enterludes come to towne, they firſt attend the Mayor, 


to enforme him what noble-mans ſervants they are, and 
ſo to get licence for their publike playing; and if the 


Mayor like the actors, or would 'ſhew reſpect to their 


lord and maſter, he appoints them to play their firſt 


play before himſelf and the Aldermen and Common- 
Counſell of the city; and that is called zhe Mayors play - 
where every one that will, comes in without money, the 
Mayor giving the players a reward as hee thinks fit to 
ſhew reſpect unto them. At ſuch a play, my father 
tooke me with him, and made me ſtand between his 
leggs, as he ſate upon one of the benches, where we ſaw 
and heard very well. The play was called The Cradle 
of Security *, wherein was perſonated a king or ſome 
great prince, with his courtiers of ſeveral kinds, among 
which three ladies were in ſpecial grace with him; and 
they keeping him in delights and pleaſures, drew him 
from his graver counſellors, hearing of ſermons, and 


9 Magnificence, written by John Skelton ; Impatient Poverty, 1560 3 
The Life and Repentance of Marie Magdalene, 1567; The Trial of 
Treaſure, 1567; The Nice Wanton, 1568; The Diſobedient Child, no 


date; The Marriage of Wit and Science, 1570; The Interlude of Youth, 


no date; The longer thou liveft, the more Fool thou art, no date; The 
Interlude of Wealth and Health, no date; All for Money, 1578; The 
Conflict of Conſcience, 1581; The three Ladies of London, 1584; The 
three Lords of London, 1590; Tom Tyler and bis Wife, &c. 

I The Cradle of Securitie is mentioned with ſeveral other Moralities, 
in a play which has not been printed, entitled Sir Thomas More, MAT. 
Harl, 3768, : E 

C 3 liſtening 


—— r —— 


— — 


* * «4 


A = — 
- * m * — 
— _ —— — < 
—— — — — ———— — ons wn 


ſo ® 1 


ume 


— —ä—ũ—4— . — — . ů 


„ 


liſtening to good councell and admonitions, that in 
the end they got him to lye down in a cradle upon the 
ſtage, where theſe three ladies, joyning in a ſweet ſong, 


22 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


rocked him aſleepe, that he ſnorted againe; and in the 
meane time cloſely conveyed under the cloaths where- 
withall he was covered, a vizard, like a ſwines ſnout, 
upon his face, with three wire chains faſtened thereunto, 
the other end whereof being holden ſeverally by thoſe 
three ladies; who fall to ſinging againe, and then 


diſcovered his face, that the ſpectators might ſee how 


they had transformed him, going on with their ſinging. 
Whilſt all this was acting, there came forth of another 
doore at the fartheſt end of the ſtage, two old men; the 
one in blew, with a ſerjeant at armes his mace on 
his ſhoulder; the other in red, with a drawn ſword in his 
hand, and leaning with the other hand upon the others 
ſhoulder ; and ſo they two went along with a ſoft pace 
round about by the ſkirt of the ſtage, till at laſt they 


came to the cradle, when all the court was in the 


greateſt jollity; and then the foremoſt old man with 
his mace ſtroke a fearfull blow upon the cradle; where- 
with all the courtiers, with the three ladies, and the 
vizard, all vaniſned; and the deſolate prince ſtarting up 
bare-faced, and finding himſelf thus ſent for to judge- 
ment, made a lamentable complaint of his miſerable 
caſe, and ſo was carried away by wicked ſpirits. This 
prince did perſonate in the Morall, the wicked of the 
world; the three ladies, Pride, Covetouſneſs, and 
Luxury; the two old men, the end of the world, and 
the laſt judgement. This ſight took ſuch impreſſion in 


me, that when I came towards mans eſtate, it was as 


freſh-in my memory, as if I had ſeen it newly acted 2.“ 
The writer of this book appears to have been born in 


the ſame year with our great poet (1564). Suppoſing 


him to have been ſeven or eight years old when he faw 
this interlude, the exhibition muſt have been in 1571 


2 Mount Tabor, Cc. 8vo. 1639, pp. 110, et ſeq. With this 
eurious extract I was favoured, ſeveral years ago, by the Rev. Mr, 
Bowle of Idmiſton near Saliſbury, | 
, | | I am 


* 
397 
{ 
5 
41 
"ot 
$ 
8 
55 
os 
9 
&'S 
5 
3 - 
1 3 
2 


9 
7 
5 
4 
: 
9 
5 

5 

| 
5 
y 

4 
5 
8 

* 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 23 
I am unable to aſcertain when the firſt Morality appear- 
ed, but incline to think not ſooner than the reign ot king 
Edward the Fourth (1460). The publick pageants of the 
reign of king Henry the Sixth were uncommonly ſplen- 
did3; and being then firſt enlivened by the introduction 
of ſpeaking allegorical perſonages properly and charac- 
teriſtically habited, they naturally led the way to thoſe 
perſonifications by which Moralities were diſtinguiſhed 
from the ſimpler religious dramas called Myſteries. We 
mult not however ſuppoſe, that, after Moralities were in- 
troduced, Myſteries ceaſed to be exhibited. We have 
already ſeen that a Myſtery was repreſented before king 
Henry the Seventh at Wincheſter in 1487. Sixteen years 
afterwards, on the firſt Sunday after the marriage of his 
daughter with king James of Scotland, a Morality was 
performed#, In the early part of the reign of king Raw: 
f | : tne 

3 See Warton's HisT. or E. P. Vol. IT. p. 199. 


4 Sir James Ware in his Annales, folio, 1664, after having given an 


account of the Statute, 33 Henry VIII. c. 1. by which Henry was 
declared king of Ireland, and Ireland made a kingdom, informs us, that 
the new law was proclaimed in St. Patrick's church, in the preſence 
of the Lord Deputy St. Leger, and a great number of peers, who at- 
tended in their parliament robes. „ It is needleſs, (he adds,) © to 
mention the feaſts, comedies, and ſports, which followed... Epulas, 
comædias, et certamina ludicra, quæ ſequebantur, quid attinet dicere? 
The mention of cemedies might lead us to ſuppoſe that our ſiſter king- 
dom had gone before us in the cultivation of the drama; but I find 
from a Mſ. in the library of Trinity College, Dublin, that what are 
here called comedies, were nothing more than pageants, „ In the 
parliament. of 1541,” (ſays the author of the memoir,) „ wherein 
Henry VIII. was declared king of Ireland, there were prefent the 
earls of Ormond and Deſmond, the lord Barry, M*«Gilla Phædtig, 
chieftaine of Offory, the ſon of O'Bryan, M Carthy More, with 
many Iriſh lords; and on Corpus Chriſti day they rode about the 
ftreets in their parliament-robes, and the NINE Wor THIES was 
played, and the Mayor bore the mace before the deputy on horſeback,”” 
Two of Bale's Myſteries, God's Promiſes, and St. Fobn Baptiß, we 
have been lately told, were acted by young men at the market. croſs in 
Kilkenny, on a ſunday, in the year 1552, See Walker's Eſſay on the 
Iriſh Stage, 4to. 1789, and Collect. de Rebus Hiber, Vol. Il. p. 388: 
but there is a ſlight error in the date. Bale has himſelf informed us, 
that he was conſecrated Biſhop of Offory, February 2, 1552-3, (ner 
on the 25th of March, as the writer of Bale's Life in Biograpbia Bri- 
4anzica aſſerts,) and that he ſoon afterwards went to his palace in Kil- 
| C4 kennye 


— 


— 
a 


_ 


— 


2-4 "3.2 
92 * — 


. — 


' 
* 


24 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


the Eighth they were perhaps performed indiſcriminate- 
ly; but Myfteries were probably ſeldom repreſented. 
after the ſtatute 34 and 35 Henry VIII. c. 1. which was 
made, as the preamble informs us, with a view that the 
kingdom ſhould be purged and cleanſed of all religious 
plays, interludes, rhymes, ballads, and ſongs, which are 


kenny. Theſe Myſteries were exhibited- there on the 20th of Auguſt, 
1553, the day on which Queen Mary was proclaimed, as appears from 
his own account: „ On the xx daye of Auguſt was the ladye Marye 
with us at Kilkennye proclaimed Quene of England, &c.— The yonge 
men in the forenone played a tragedye of Gods Promiſes in the old 
lawve, at the market-croiſe, with organe-plainges and ſonges, very 
aptely. In the afternone agayne they played a comedie of Sanct Foban 
Baptiſtes preachinges, of Chriſtes baptiſynge, and of his temptacion in 
the wilderneſſe; to the ſmall contentacion of the preſtes and other pa- 
Piſtes there. The Yocacyonof Foban Bale, &c. 16mo. no date, ſign. C 8. 

The only theatre in Dublin in the reign of queen Elizabeth was a 
booth (if it may be called a theatre) erected in Hoggin Green, now 
College Green, where Myſteries and Moralities were occaſionally per- 


formed. It is ſtrange, that ſo lately as in the year 1600, at a time 


when many of Shakſpeare's plays had been exhibited in England, and 
lord Montjoy, the intimate friend of his patrons, lord Eſſex and lord 
Southampton, was Deputy of Ireland, the old play of Gorboduck, writ- 
ten in the infancy of the ſtage, (for this piece had been originally 
preſented in 1562, under the name of Ferrex and Porrex, ) ſhould 


have been performed at the Caſtle of Dublin: but ſuch is the fact, if 


we may believe Chetwood the prompter, who mentions that old Mr, 
Aſhbury had ſeen a bill dated the 7th of September x601, (queen 


_ Elizabeth's birth-day,) „ for van tapers for the play of Gorboduck 
done at the Caſtle, one and twenty ſhillings and two groats.” Whether 


any plays were repreſented in Dublin in the reign of James the Firſt, I 
am unable to aſcertain. Barnaby Riche, who has given a curious ac- 
count of Dublin in the year 1610, makes no mention of any theatrical 
exhibition. In 1635, when lord Strafford was Lord Lieutenant, a thea- 
tre, probably under his patronage, was built in Werburgh- ſtreet; which, 
under the conduct of the well known John Ogilby, Maſter of the Re- 
vels in Ireland, continued open till October 1641, when it was ſhut 
up by order of the Lords Juſtices. At this theatre Shirley's Royal 
Maſter was originally repreſented in 2639, and Burnel's Landgartba 
in 1641. In 1662 Ogilby was reſtored to his office, and a new theatre 
was erected in Orange-ftreet, (ſince called Smock- Alley) part of which 
fell down in the year 1671. Agrippa, King of Alba, a tragedy tranſ- 
lated from the French of Quinault, was acted there before the duke of 
Ormond, in 1675; and it continued open, I believe, till the death of 
king Charles the Second. The diſturbances which followed in Ireland 
put an end for a time to all theatrical entgrtainments, 

bh | equally 


25 


— 


1 n W n 
** 8 N N 8 n ene W - * 1 5 
N Sita 9 8 © E A 1 RE! - lhe 5 
* 1 3 2 n 1 Y © n oy —— "+ DENCE 
EATS MTS; m 5 1 
1 1 


* n 
— 


GE TI 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 25 
equally pe/tiferous and noy/ome to the commonweal. At 
this time both Moralities and Myſteries were made the 
vehicle of religious controverſy; Bale's Comedy of the 
three Laws of Nature, printed in 1538, (which in fact is 
a Myſtery,) being a diſguiſed ſatire againſt popery; as 
the Morality of Luſiy Juventus was written expreſsly 
with the ſame view in the reign of king Edward the 
Sixth 3. In that of his ſucceſſor queen Mary, Myſteries 
were again revived, as appendages to the papiſtical wor- 
ſhip. In the year 1556,” ſays Mr. Warton, “ a goodly 
ftage-play of the Paſſion of Chriſt was preſented at the 
Grey-friars in London, on Corpus-Chriſti day, before 
the Lord-Mayor, the Privy-council, and many great 
eſtates of the realm. Strype alſo mentions, under the 
year 1557, a ſtage-play at the Grey-friers, of the Paſſion 
of Chriſt, on the the day that war was proclaimed in 
London againſt France, and in honour of that occaſion. 
On Saint Olave's day in the fame year, the holiday of the 


church in Silver-ſtreet which is dedicated to that ſaint, 


was kept with much ſolemnity. At eight of the clock 
at night, began a ſtage- play of goodly matter, being the 
miraculous hiſtory of the life of that ſaint, which con- 
tinued four hours, and concluded with many religious 
ſongs+.” No Myſteries, I believe, were repreſented 
during the reign of Elizabeth, except ſuch as were 
occaſionally performed by thoſe who were favourers of 
the popiſh religion3, and thoſe already RO 

nown 


3 ( This mode of attack” (as Mr, Warton has obſerved) was 
ſeldom returned by the oppoſite party : the catholick worſhip founded 
on ſenſible repreſentations afforded a much better hold for ridicule, than 
the religion of ſome of the ſects of the reformers, which was of a more 
ſimple and ſpiritual nature. HisT. or E. P. Vol. II. p. 378, ne. 
The interlude, however, called Every Man, which was written in 
defence of the church of Rome, in the reign of Henry the Eighth, is 
an exception. It appears alſo from a proclamation promulgated early 
in the reign of his ſon, of which mention will be made hereafter, that 
the favourers of popery about that time had levelled ſeveraldramatick in- 
vectives againſt Archbiſhop Cranmer, and the doctrines of the reformers. 

4 Hils r. or E. P. Vol. III. p. 326. 

5 That Myſteries were occaſionally repreſented in the early part of 
queen Elizabeth's reign appears from the aſſertions of the controver- 

| ſial 


YE EMWETT CT —S— 


— — — 


— 
"ox 


— a is Tht> 
N 2 — 4 
* 


C 
Hh — 1 1 
— 9 So A 
70 = 5 


26 _ HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


known by the name of the Cheſter Myſteries, which had 
been originally compoſed in 1328, were revived in the 
time of king Henry the Eighth, (1533,) and again per- 
formed at Cheſter in the year 1600. The laſt Myſtery, 
I believe, ever repreſented in England, was that of 
Chriffs Paſſion, in the reign of king James the Firſt, 
which Prynne tells us was performed at Elie-Houſe 
in Holborne, when Gundomar lay there, on Good- 
friday at night, at which there were thouſands preſent .“ 

In France the repreſentation of Myſteries was forbid 
in the year 1548, when the fraternity aſſociated under 
the name of The A#ors of our Saviour's Paſſion, who had 
received letters patent from king Charles the Sixth in 
1402, and had for near 150 years exhibited religious 
plays, built their new theatre on the ſite of the duke of 
Burgundy's houſe ; and were authoriſed by an Arret of 
parliament to act, on condition that“ they ſhould med- 
dle with none but profane ſubjects, ſuch as are lawful and 
honeſt, and not repreſent any ſacred Myſteries 7.“ Re- 
preſentations founded on holy writ continued to be ex- 
hibited in Ita'y till the year 1660, and the Myſtery of 
Chriſt's Paſſion was repreſented at Vienna ſo lately as 
the early part of the preſent century. 

Having thus occaſionally mentioned foreign theatres, 
J take this opportunity to obſerve, that the ſtages of 
France ſo lately as in the beginning of queen Elizabeth's 
reign were entirely unfurniſhed with ſcenery or any kind 
of decoration, and that the performers at that time re- 
mained on the ſtage the whole time of the exhibition ; 
in which mode perhaps our Myſteries in England were 
repreſented. For this information we are indebted to 
the elder Scaliger, in whoſe Poeticks is the following 
curious paſſage, *©* Nunc in Gallia ita agunt fabulas, ut 


ſial writers. They play” (ſays one of them,) „“ and counterfeite 
the whole Paſſion ſo trimly, with all the ſeven ſorowes of our lady, 
as though it had been nothing elſe but a ſimple and plain enterlude, to 
make boyes laugh at, and a little to recreate ſorowful harts.“ Bec- 
hive of the Romiſhe Churche, 1 580, p. 207. See alſo ſupra, p. 19, n. 5. 
6 Hiſftriomaſtix, quarto, 1633, p. 117. n. 1 
7 Riccoboni's Account of the Theatres of Europe, Byo. 1741, p. 124. 
5g « 


Omnia 


T 
2 pa 


r n AS TE 
FFC 2 
* 


S nn ln Wo OE IBB RIS as 
5 Safes . 
ns og 361 
RS . * 


L088. 2 I 


5 
2 
o 
8 
— %s 
5 
pk, 
* 7 


bl 


8 3 8 
8 E EN OI LES 
r 5 

3 my I | 


n 28 . n 
G Ae . 4 7 $205 A 2 . 
oO A <3 ed A pet, 2 he 
hy; 


3 
8 


T 


PG 
* r 
888 


F THE ENGLISH STAGE. 27 


omnia in conſpectu ſint; uUnNivERSUS APPARATUS di 
poſitis ſublimibus ſedibus. Perjone ipſæ nunquam diſce- 
dunt : qui filent pro abſentibus habentur. At enimvero 
perridiculum, ibi ſpectatorem videre te audire, et te vi- 
dere teipſum non audire quæ alius coram te de te lo- 
quatur; quaſi ibi non ſis, ubi es: cum tamen maxi- 
ma poetæ vis ſit, ſuſpendere animos, atque eos facere 
ſemper expectantes. At hic tibi novum fit nihil; ut prius 
ſatietas ſubrepat, quam obrepat fames. Itaque recte 
objecit Æſchylo Euripides apud Ariſtophanem in Ranis, 
quod Niobem et Achillem in ſcenam introduxiſſet capite 
co-operto; neque nunquam ullum verbum qui ſint lo- 
quuti*,”” That is, © At preſent in France [about the 
year 1556] plays are repreſented in ſuch a manner, that 
nothing is withdrawn from the view of the ſpectator. The 
whole apparatus of the theatre conſiſts of ſome high ſeats 


ranged in proper order. The perſons of the ſcene never 
_ depart during the repreſentation : he who ceaſes to ſpeak, 


is conſidered as if he were no longer on the ſtage. But 
in truth it is extremely ridiculous, that the ſpectator 
ſhould ſee the actor liſtening, and yet he himſelf ſhould 
not hear what one of his fellow- actors ſays concerning 
him, though in his own preſence and within his hear- 
ing: as it he were abſent, while he is preſent, It is 
the great object of the dramatick poet to keep the mind 
in a conſtant ſtate of ſuſpence and expectation. But in 
our theatres, there can be no novelty, no ſurpriſe : inſo- 


8 Jul. Cæſ. Scaligeri Poetices Libri Septem. Folio, 1561. I. 1. 
c. 21. Julius Cæſar Scaliger died at Agen, in the province of Guienne 
in France, on the 21ſt of October, 1558, in the 75th year of his age. 
He wrote his Poeticks in that town a few years before his death. 

Riccoboni gives us the ſame account in his Hiſtory of the French 
Theatre. In the repreſentations of the Myfteries, the theatre re- 
preſented paradiſe, hell, heaven, and earth, all at once; and though 
the action varied, there was no change of the decorations. Aſter an 
actor had performed his part, he did not go off the ſtage, but retired 
to a corner of it, and fate there in full view of all the ſpeQators.” Hiſ- 
torical and Critical Account of the Theatres in Europe, octavo, 1741, 
P- 118, We ſhall preſently ſee that at a much later period, and long 
after the Myſteries had ceaſed to be exhibited, „ though the action 
2 there was no change of decoration, either in France or Eng- 

nd. | 


much 


— 
= 


- 
1 


r . — — — a 
— * 


— ooo 


| 
| 


iy — 
* Furr — 
— 


* 


28 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


much that the ſpectator is more likely to be ſatiated with 
what he has already ſeen, than to have any appetite for 
what is to come. Upon this ground it was, that Euri- 
pides objected to Æſchylus, in The Frogs of Ariſtophanes, 
for having introduced Niobe and Achilles as mutes upon 
the ſcene, with a covering which entirely concealed their 
heads from the ſpectators.“ | 

Another practice, equally extraordinary, is mentioned 
by Bulenger in his treatiſe on the Grecian and Roman 
theatres. In his time, ſo late as in the year 1600, all 
the actors employed in a dramatick piece came on the 
ſtage in a troop, before the play began, and preſented 
themſelves to the ſpectators, in order, ſays he, to raiſe 
the expectation of the audience. Putem tamen (quod 
hodieque fit ) omnes actores antequam ſinguli agerent, 
confeſtim et in turba in proſcenium prodiiſſe, ut ſui ex- 
pectationem commoverent ?.”' I know not whether this 
was ever practiſed in England, Inftead of. raiſing, it 
ſhould ſeem more likely to repreſs, expectation. I ſup- 
poſe, however, this writer conceived the audience would 
be animated by the zumber of the characters, and that 
this diſplay would operate on the gaping ſpectators like 
ſome of our modern enormous play-bills ; in which the 
length of the ſhow ſometimes conſtitutes the principal 
merit of the entertainment. 

Mr. Warton obſerves that Moralities were become ſo 
faſhionable a ſpectacle about the cloſe of the reign of 
Henry the Seventh, that John Raſtall, a learned typo- 
grapher, brother- in- law to Sir Thomas More, extended 
its province, which had been hitherto confined either to 
moral allegory, or to religion blended with buffoonery, 
and conceived a deſign of making it the vehicle of ſci. 
ence and philoſophy. With this view he publiſhed A new 
INTERLUDE and a mery, of the nature of the iiij. Ele- 
ments, declaring many proper 3 of philoſophy naturall, 
and dywvers ftraunge lanays, Ic. In the colmographical 
part of the play, in which the poet profeſſes to treat of 


9 Bulengeri de Theatro, 8 vo. 1600. I. 1. p. 60. b. | 
| dyvers 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 29 


dywers ftraunge landys, and of the new-found landys, the 
tracts of America recently diſcovered, and the manners of 
the natives, are deſcribed. The characters are, a Meſ- 
ſenger, who ſpeaks the prologue, Nature, Humanity, 
Studious Deſire, Senſual Appetite, a Taverner, Expe- 
rience, and Ignorance *.*? 

As it is uncertain at what period of time the ancient 
Myſteries ceaſed to be repreſented as an ordinary ſpecta- 
cle for the amuſement of the people, and Moralities were 
ſubitituted in their room, it is equally difficult to aſcer- 
tain the preciſe time when the latter gave way to a more 
legitimate theatrical exhibition. We know that Mora- 
lities were exhibited occaſfonally during the whole of the 
reign of queen Elizabeth, and even in that of her ſuc- 
ceitor, long after regular dramas had been preſented on 
the ſcene ?; but I ſuſpect that about the year 1570 (the 
13th year of queen Elizabeth) this ſpecies of drama be- 
gan to loſe much of its attraction, and gave way to ſome- 
thing that had more the appearance of comedy and 
tragedy, Gammer Gurton's Needle, which was written by 
Mr. Sill, (afterwards biſhop of Bath and Wells,) in the 
23d year of bis age, and acted at Chriſt's College, 
Cambridge, in 1566, is pointed out by the ingenious 
writer of the tract entitled Hiforia Hiftrionica, as the 
firſt piece that looks like a regular comedy ;?? that is, 
the firſt play that was neither Myſtery nor Morality, and 
in which ſome humour and diſcrimination of charaQter 
may be found. In 1561-2 Thomas Sackville lord Buck- 
hurft, and Thomas Norton, joined in writing the tragedy 


1 HisT, or E. P. Vol. II. p. 364. © Dr. Percy ſuppoſes this play 
to have been written about the year 1510, from the following lines: 
66 —— Within this xx yere 
cc Weſtwarde he found new landes 
© That we never harde tell of before this.“ | | 
The Weſt- Indies were diſcovered by Columbus in 1492.“ Ibid. 
2 The licence granted in 1603 to Shakſpeare and his fellow-come= 
dians, authoriſes them to play comedies, tragedies, hiſtories, inter- 
ludes, morals, paſtorals, &c. See alſo The Guls Hornebooke, 1609: 
«& — if in the middle of his play, (bee it paſtoral or comedie, morall 
or tragedie,) you riſe with a ſhrewd and diſcontented face, &c. 


of 


30 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


of Ferrex and Porrex, which was exhibited on the 18th 
of January in that year by the Students of the Inner 
Temple, before queen Elizabeth at Whitehall. Neither 
of theſe pieces appears to have been acted on a publick 
theatre, nor was there at that time any building in 
London conſtructed ſolely for the purpoſe of repreſenting 
plays. Of the latter piece, which, as Mr. Warton has 
obſerved, is perhaps the firſt ſpecimen in our lan- 
guage of an heroick tale written in verſe, and divided in- 
to acts and ſcenes, and cloathed in all the formalities of 
a regular tragedy,” a correct analyſis may be found in 
the HISTORY or ENGLISH PotTRYS®, and the play 
itſelf within theſe few years has been accurately re- 
printed. | | | 
It has been juſtly remarked by the ſame judicous wri- 
ter, that the early practice of performing plays in ſchools 
and univerſities greatly contributed to the improvement 
of our drama. While the people were amuſed with 


Skelton's Trial of Simony, Bale's God's Promiſes, and 


Chriſt's Deſcent into Hell, the ſcholars of the times were 
compoſing and acting plays on hiſtorical ſubje&s, and in 
imitation of Plautus and Terence. Hence ideas of legi- 
timate fable muſt have been imperceptibly derived ta 
the popular and vernacular drama #+.*? + | 


In confirmation of what he has ſuggeſted, it may be 


obſerved, that the principal dramatick writers, before 
Shakſpeare appeared, were ſcholars, Greene, Lodge, 
Peele, Marlowe, Naſhe, Lily, and Kyd, had all a re- 
gular univerſity education. From whatever cauſe it 
may have ariſen, the dramatick poetry about this period 
certainly aſſumed a better, though ftill an exception- 
able, form. The example which had been furniſhed by 


Sackville was quickly followed, end a great number of 


tragedies and hiſtorical plays was produced between the 
years 1570 and 1590; ſome of which are fill extant, 
though by far the greater part is loſt, This, I appre- 


3 Vol. III. pp. 355, et ſeq. 
4 HisT. or E. P. II. Po 388. 
| hs hend, 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 31 


hend, was the great era of thoſe bloody and bombaſtick 
pieces, which afforded ſubſequent writers perpetual to- 
picks of ridicule : and during the ſame period were ex- 
hibited many Hiſtories, or hiſtorical dramas, formed on 
our Engliſh Chronicles, and repreſenting a ſeries of 
events {imply in the order of time in which they hap- 
pened. Some have ſuppoſed that Shakſpeare was the 
firſt dramatick poet that introduced this ſpecies of dra- 
ma; but this is an undoubted error. I have elſewhere 
obſerved that every one of the ſubjects on which he con- 
ſtructed his hiſtorical plays, appears to have been drama- 
tized, and brought upon the ſcene, before his time?. 


5 See Vol. VI. p · 426. 

Goſſon in his Plays Confuted in five actions, printed about the year 
1580, ſays, © In playes either thoſe things are fained that never were, 
as Cupid and Pſyche, plaid at Paules; [he means, in Paul's ſchool, ]J— 
or if a true hiftorie be taken in hand, it is made like our ſhavelings, 
longeſt at the riſing and falling of the ſunne.” From the ſame writer 
we learn, that many preceding dramatick poets had travelled over the 
ground in which the ſubjects of ſeveral of Shakſpeare's other plays may 
be found, © I may boldly ſay it, (ſays Goſſon) becauſe I have ſeene it, 
that the Palace of Pleaſure, the Golden Aſſe, the Æthiopian Hiſto- 
rie, Amadis of Fraunce, the Round table, bawdie comedies in Latin, 
French, Italian, and Spaniſh, have beene thorongbly ranſackt to fur- 
niſh the playe-houſes in London.“ Signat. D 5. b. | 

Lodge, his antagoniſt in this controverſy, in his Play of plays and 
paſtimes, a work which I have never ſeen, urges, as Prynne informs 
us, in defence of plays, that * they dilucidate and well explain many 
darke obſcure bifteries, imprinting them in men's minds in ſuch inde- 
lible characters that they can hardly be obliterated.” Hiſtriomaſtiæ, 
P- 940. See allo Heywood's Apology for Actors, 1612: Plays have 
made the ignorant more apprehenſive, taught the unlearned the know- 
ledge of many famous bhiftories 3 inſtructed ſuch as cannot reade, in the 
diſcovery of our Engliſh Chronicles : and what man have you now of 
that weake capacity that cannot diſcourſe of any notable thing record- 
ed, even from William the Congueror, nay from the landing of Brute, 
untill this day, being poſſeſt of their true uſe?” —In'Florio's dialogues 
in Italian and Engliſh, printed in x591, we have the following dialogue: 

« G. After dinner we will goe ſee a play, 

H. The plaies that they play in England are not right comedies. 

T. Yet they do nothing elſe but plaie every daye. 

H. Yea, but they are neither right comedies, nor right tragedies, 

G. How would you name them then ? 

H. Repreſentations of hiſtories, without any decorum.“ 


The 


O . . EPI Ae os 
E Par RE ESI —M. . ² .. ir > IE WE neo 
——— ä —-V—ͤ —ũðZꝛ new —— 


"4 


32 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


The hiſtorical drama is by an elegant modern writer 

ſuppoſed to have owed its riſe to the publication of The 

Mirrour for Magiſtrates, in which many of the moſt diſ- 

tinguiſhed characters in Engliſh hiſtory are introduced, 

giving a poetical narrative of their own misfor- | 

tuues . Of this book three editions, with various al- 

terations and improvements, were printed between 1563 

and 1587. I 

At length (aboat the year 1591) the great lumi- 

nary of the dramatick world blazed out, and our 

poet produced thoſe plays which have now for two hun- 

dred years been the boaſt and admiration of his country- 
men. | 

Our earlieſt dramas, as we have ſeen, were repreſent- 

g ed in churches or near them by ecclefiaſticks : but at a 

very early period, I believe, we had regular and eſta- 

blithed players, who obtained a livelihood by their art, 

So early as in the year 1378, as has been already noticed, 

the ſinging-boys of St. Pauls repreſented to the king, that 

they had been at conſiderable expence in preparing a 

ſtage repreſentation at Chriſtmas, Theſe, however, can- 

not properly be called comedians, nor am I able to 

point out the time when the profeſſion of a player became 

common and eſtabliſhed, It has been ſuppoſed that the 

licenſe granted by queen Elizabeth to James Burbage 

and others, in 1574, was the firſt regular licenſe ever 

granted to comedians in England; but this is a miſtake, 

for Heywood informs us that ſimilar licenſes had been 

granted by her father king Henry the Eighth, king Ed- 

ward the Sixth, and queen Mary. Stowe records, that * 

« when king Edward the Fourth would ſhew himſelf in 

ſtate to the view of the people, he repaired to his palace 

at St. John's, where he was accuſtomed to ſee the City * 

Afors7.” In two books in the Remembrancer's-office in 

| the 


N > — — — > 6 ITS 2 — — — 
n * v — — * 
—... ß eA N — — — — 
ma — — rr — — b — 
bf 2 K . = 


6 Walpole's Royal and Noble Authors, Vol. I. p. 166. ; 

7 Apology for Actors, to. 1612, Signat. E 1. b. „ Since then, 
adds Heywood, „that houſe by the princes free gift hath be- 
longed to the office of the Revels, where our court playes have ben 
in late dayes yearely rehearſed, perfected, and corrected, before they 
: come to the publike view of the prince and the nobility.” This houſe 
RE mult 


* , 3... 


* . Lad 


5 * 


fore us. 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 33 


the Exchequer, containing an account of the daily ex- 
pences of king Henry the Seventh, are the following 
articles ; from which it appears that at that time players, 
both French and Engliſh, made a part of the appendages 
of the court, and were ſupported by regal eſtabliſhment. 

Item, to Hampton of Worceſter for making of ba- 
lades, 20s. Item, to my ladie the kings moders poete, 


| 66s. 8d. Item, to a Welſh Rymer, in reward, 13s. 4d. 


Item, to my Lord Privie-Seals fole, in rew. 105, Item, 
to Pachye the fole, for a rew. 6s. Sd. Utem, to the 
fooliſh duke of Lancaſter, 3s. Item, to Dix the foles maſ- 
ter, for a months wages, 10s. Item, to the King of 
Frances fole, in rew. 4l. Item, to the Frenjhe players, in 
rew.20s. Item, to the tumbler upon the ropes, 208. Item, 


for heling of a ſeke maid, 6s. 8d. | Probably the piece 


of gold given by the king in touching for the evil. } 


Iiem, to my lord princes organ-player, for a quarters 


wages at Michell. 10s. Item, to the players of London, 
in reward, 10s. Iten, to Maſter Barnard, the blind 
poete, 100s. Item, to a man and woman for ſtrawber- 
ries, 85, 4d. Item, to a woman for a red roſe, 28. 
The foregoing extracts are from a book of which almoſt 
every page is ſigned by the king's own hand, in the 
13th year of his reign. The following are taken from 
a book which contains an account of expences in the gth 
year of his reign, ** Item, to Cart for writing of a 
boke, 6s, 8d. Item, payd for two playes in the hall, 
26s, 8d. Item, to the kings players for a reward, 1008. 
Item, to the king to play at cardes, 100s. Item, loſt to 
my lord Morging at buttes, 6s. 8d. Item, to Harry 
Pyning, the king's godſon, in reward, 20s. Iten, ta 
the players that begged by the way, 6s. 8d *.”? 

Some of theſe articles I have preſerved as curious, 
though they do not relate to the ſubje& immediately be- 
This account aſcertains, that there was then 
not only a regular troop of players in London, but alſo 


muſt have been choſen on account of its neighbourhood to Whitehall, 
where the royal theatre then was. The regular office of the Revels at 


that time was on St. Peter's hill, near the Blackfriars' playhouſe. 


For theſe extracts I am indebted to Francis Groſe, eſq. to whom 
every admirer of the venerable remains of Engliſh antiquity has the 
higheſt obligations. 

© D 


Vor. I. PAR II. 2 royal 


34 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


a royal company. The intimate knowledge of the French 
language and manners which Henry muſt have acquired 
during his long ſojourn in foreign courts, (from 1471 to 


1485,) accounts for the article relative to the company of 


French players. Fe | 

In a Manuſcript in the Cottonian library in the Muſeum, 
a narrative is given of the ſhews and ceremonies exhi- 
bited at Chriſtmas in the fifth year of this king's reign, 
1490. This Criſtmaſs I ſaw no diſgyſyngs, and but 
right few pleys; but ther was an abbot of miſ-rule, 
that made muche ſport, and did right well his office. 
On Candell Maſs day, the king, the qwen, my ladye the 


kings moder, with the ſubſtance of al the lordes temporell 


preſent at the parlement, &c.. wenten a proceſſion from 
the chapell into the hall, and ſoo intoWeſtmynſter Hall ;— 
Thekyng was that day in a riche gowne of purple, pirled 
withe gold, furred wythe ſabuls.— At nyght the king, 
the qwene, and my ladye the kyngs moder, came into the 


Whit hall, and ther had a pley. — On New-yeeres day 
at nyght, (ſays the ſame writer, ſpeaking of the year 
1488,) ther was a goodly diſgyſing, and alſo this 


Criſtmaſs ther wer many and dywvers playes s. 


A proclamation which was iſſued out in the year 1547 


by king Edward the Sixth, to prohibit for about two 


months the exhibition of any kind of interlude, play, 
dialogue, or other matter ſet forth in the form of a play, 
in the Engliſh tongue, deſcribes plays as a familiar 
entertainment, both in London, and in the country“, 
and the profeſſion of an actor as common and eftabliſhed. 
4 Foraſmuch as a great number of thoſe that be common 


8 Leland. Collect. Vol. IV. Append. pp. 235, 256, edit. 1774. 

9 Itinerant companies of aQors are probably coeval with the firſt riſe 

of the Engliſh ſtage. King Henry the Seventh's bounty to ſome ſtroll- 
ing players has been mentioned in the preceding page. In 1556, the 
fourth year of queen Mary, a remonſtrance was iſſued from the privy- 
council to the lord Preſident of the North, ſtating, “ that certain lewd 
{wicked or diſſolute] perſons, namipg themſelves to be the ſervants of 
Sir Francis Lake, and wearing his livery or badge on their ſleeves, 
have wandered, about theſe north parts, and repreſenting certain plays 
and interludes, reflecting on the queen and her conſort, and the for- 
malities of the maſs." Strype's Memorials, Vol. III. Append, III. p. 185. 
2 | players 


2. = 
2 


6 Py ia BD - SS 
/ F Ee 8 - > SN 
ee yt EL LN ern ONES. + 

V Sie S336 00" 


MEE. 
88 n 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 35 


players of interludes and playes, as well within the city of 
London as elſewhere within the realme, doe for the moſt 
part play ſuch interlcdes as contain matter tending to 
{edition *,” &c. By common players of interludes here 
mentioned, I apprehend, were meant the players of the 
city, as contradiſtinguiſhed from the king's own ſer- 
vants. In a Manuſcript which I ſaw ſome years ago, and 
which is now in the Library of the Marquis of Lanſdown, 


are ſundry charges for the players belonging to king 


Edward the Sixth; but I have not preſerved the arti- 
cles. And in the houſehold-book of queen Mary, in the 
Library of the Antiquarian Society, is an entry which 


ſhews that ſhe alſo had a theatrical eſtabliſhment : ** Eight 


players of interludes, each, 665. 8d.— 261. 13s. 4d.“ 

It has already been mentioned that originally plays 
were performed in churches. Though Bonner biſhop of 
London iſſued a proclamation to the clergy of his dioceſe 
in 1542, prohibiting “ all manner of common plays, 


= games, or interludes, to be played, ſet forth, or declared 


within their churches, chapels,” &c. the practice ſeems 
to have been continued occaſionally during the reign of 
queen Elizabeth; for the author of The Third Blaſt of 
retrait from plays and players complains, in 1580, that 
„the players are permitted to publiſh their mammetrie 
in every temple of God, and that throughout England ;?? 
&c, and this abuſe is taken notice of in one of the 
Canons of King James the Firſt, given ſoon after his 
acceſſion in the year 1603. Early however in Queen 
Elizabeth's reign the eſtabliſhed players of London be. 


1 gan to act in temporary theatres conſtructed in the yards 


of inns *; and about the year 1570, I imagine, one or two 


1 Fuller's Church Hift. B. VII. p. 390. | 

2 © In proceſs of time it [playing] became an occupation, and many 
there were that followed it for a livelihood, and, what was worſe, it 
became the occaſion of much fin and evil; great multitudes of people, 
eſpecially youth, in queen Elizabeth's reign, reſorting to theſe plays : 
and being commonly ated on ſundays and feſtivals, rhe churches were 
forſaken, and the playhouſes thronged. Great inns were uſed for this 
purpoſe, which had ſecret chambers and places, as well as open ſtages 
and galleries.” Strype's Additions to Stoxve's Survey, folio, 1720, 
Vol. I. p. 247. 


"IF 2 | regular 


36 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


regular playhouſes were erecteds. Both the theatre in 
Blackfriars and that in Whitefriars were certainly built 
before 1580; for we learn from a puritanical pamphlet 
publiſhed in the laſt century, that ſoon after that year, 
% many goodly citizens and well diſpoſed gentlemen of 
London, confidering that play-houſes and dicing-houſes 
were traps for young gentlemen, and others, and per- 
ceiving that many inconveniences and great damage 
would enſue upon the long ſufering of the ſame,—ac- 
quainted ſome pious magiſtrates therewith, - who there- 
upon made humble ſuite to Queene Elizabeth and her 
privy-councell, and obtained leave from her majeſty to 
thruſt the players out of the citty, and to pull down all 
playhouſes and dicing-houſes within their liberties ; 
which accordingly was effected, and the playhouſes in 
Gracious-ſtreet, Biſhopſgate-ſtreet, that nigh Paul's, that 
on Ludgate-hill, and the White-friers, were quite pull- 
ed down and ſuppreſſed by the care of theſe religious 
ſenators “.“ The theatre in Blackfriars, not being within 
the liberties of the city of London, eſcaped the fury of 
theſe fanaticks. Elizabeth, however, though ſhe yielded 
in this inſtance to the frenzy of the time, was during the 
whole courſe of her reign a favourer of the ſtage, and a 
frequent attendant upon plays. So early as in the year 
1569, as we learn from another puritanical writer, the 
children of her chapel, (who are deſcribed as her ma- 
Jeſty's unfledged minions,””) „ flaunted it in their filkes 
and ſattens, and acted plays on profane ſubjects in 


3 c In playes either thoſe thinges are fained that never were, as Cupid 
and Pſyche, played at Paules, [the ſchool-room of St. Paul's,] and a 
great many comedies more at the ane u and in every playhouſe in 
London, which for brevity ſake I over-ſkippe; or,” &c. Plays 3 
in five Adlinns, by Stephen Goſſon, no date, but printed about the 
year 1580. | | . 
> Richard Reulidge's Monſter lately found out and diſcovered, or the 
ſeourging of Tipplers, 1628, pp. 2, 3, 4. What he calls the theatres 
in Gracious-ſtreet, Biſhopſgate-ſtreet, and Ludgate-hill, were the 
temporary ſcaffolds erected at the Croſs-Keys Inn in Gracechurch- 
ſtreet, the Bull in Biſhopſgate-ſtreet, and the Bell-Savage on Ludgate- 
hill. That nigh Paul's, was St. Paul's ſchgol-room, behind the 


Convocation-houſe, 
the 


Ll 


1 OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 37 
the chapel-royal5. In 1574 ſhe granted a licence to 
> James Burbage, probably the father of the celebrated 
tragedian, and four others, ſervants to the earl of Lei- 
ceſter, to exhibit all kind of ſtage- plays, during pleaſure, 
in any part of England, as well for the recreation of 
her loving ſubjects, as for her own ſolace and pleaſure 
* when ſhe ſhould think good to ſee them“; and in the 
year 1583, ſoon after a furious attack had been made 


On 
5 « Even in her majeſties chapel do theſe pretty upſtart youthes pro- 
phane the Lordes-day by the laſcivious writhing of their tender limbs, 
E and gorgeous decking of their apparell, in feigning bawdie fables, ga- 
tthered from the idolatrous heathen poets,” &c. The Children of the 
* Chapel ftript and whipt, 1569, fol. xiii. b. Theſe children acted fre- 
quently in Queen Elizabeth's reign at the theatre in Whitefriars. 
5 For the notice of this ancient theatrical licence we are indebted to 
Mr. Steevens. It is found among the unpubliſhed collections of Ry- 
mer, which were purchaſed by parliament, and are depoſited in the 
Britiſh Muſeum. Aſcough's Catalogue of Sloanian and other manu- 
ſcripts, N®. 462 5. N 
&« Pro Jacobo Burbage et aliis, de licentia ſpeciali. 
„Elizabeth by the grace of God, quene of England, &c. To all 
juſtices, mayors, ſheriffes, baylyffes, head conſtables, under conſtables, 
and all other oure officers and myniſters, gretinge. : 
Know ye, that we of our eſpeciall grace, certen knowledge, and mere 
motion, have licenſed and auctoriſed, and by theſe preſents do lycenſe 
and auRoriſe our lovinge ſubjectes James Burbage, John Perkyn, 
John Lanham, William Johnſon, and Robert Wilſon, ſervaunts to our 
truſtie and well beloved coſen and counſeyllour the Earle of Leyceſter, to 
uſe, exercyſe and occupie the arte and facultye of playenge commedies, 
tragedies, enterludes, ſtage-playes, and ſuche other like as they have 
alredie uſed and ſtudied, or hereafter ſhall uſe and ſtudie, as well for 
the recreation of our lovinge ſubjectes as for our ſolace and pleaſure 
when we ſhall thinke good to ſee them, as alſo to uſe and occupie all 
ſuche inſtrumentes as they have alredie praiſed or hereafter ſhall prac- 
tife, for and duringe our pleaſure ; and the ſaid commedies, tragedies, 
enterludes, and ftage-plaies, together with their muſicke, to ſhew, pub- 
liſhe, exerciſe aud occupie to their beſt commoditie, during all the terme 
aforeſaide, as well within the liberties and freedomes of anye our cities, 
townes, bouroughs, &c. whatſoever, as without the ſame, thorough- 
oute our realme of England. Wyllinge and commaundinge yowe and 
| every of you, as ye tender our pleaſure, to permit and ſuffer them herein 
= withoute anye lettes, hynderaunce, or moleſtation, duringe the terme 
: aforeſaide, any acte, ſtatute, or proclamation or commaundement here- 
tofore made or hereafter to be made notwythſtandynge; provyded that 
the ſaide commedies, tragedies, enterludes and ftage-playes he by the 
Maſter of our Revells for the tyme beynge before ſene and allowed; and 
that the ſame be not publiſhes or 3 in the tyme of common prayer, 

3 or 


| 


4 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


on the ſtage by the puritans, twelve of the principal 
comedians of that time, at the earneſt requeſt of Sir 
Francis Walſingham, were ſelected from the companies 
then ſubſiſting under the licence and protection of vari- 


ous noblemen 7, and were {worn her majeſty's ſervants *. 
| | Eight 


or in the tyme of greate and common plague in our ſaide citye of 
London. In wytnes whereof, &c. 1 
Wytnes our ſelfe at Weſtminſter the Toth daye of Maye. [ 1574.] 
Per breve de privato ſigillo. | 

Mr. Steevens ſuppoſed that Mr. Dodſley was inaccurate in ſaying in 
the preface to his Collection of Old Plays, p. 22, that © the firſt com- 

any of players we have any account of in hiſtory are the children of 
Paul's in 55785 four years ſubſequent to the above licence. But the 
figures 1578 in that page are merely an error of the preſs for 1378, as 


may be ſeen by turning to a former page of Mr, Dodſley's preface, to 
Which, in page 22, he himſelf refers. 


7 The ſervants of the earls of Derby, Pembroke, and Eſſex ; thoſe 
of the Lord Chamberlain; the ſervants of the Lord Admiral (Notting- 
ham); thoſe of Lord Strange, Lord Suſſex, Lord Worceſter, &c.— 
By the ſtatute 39 Eliz. c. 4. noblemen were authoriſed to licenſe play- 
ers to act both in town and country; the ſtatute declaring © that all 
common players of interludes wandering abroad, other than players of 
interludes belonging to anie baron of this realme, or anie other honour- 
able perſonage of greater degree, to be authoriſed to play under the hand 
and ſeale of arms of ſuch baron or perſonage, ſhall be adjudged and 
deemed rogues and vagabonds. : | | 

This ſtatute has been frequently miſ-ſtated, by Prynne and others, 
as if it declared all players (except noblemen's ſervants) to be rogues 
and vagabonds : whereas it was only made againſt ftrel/ing players. 

Long after the playhouſes called the Theatre and the Curtain had 
been built, and during the whole reign of Elizabeth, the companies 
belonging to different noblemen, acted occaſionally at the Croſs-Keys 
in Gracechurch-ſtreet, and other inns, and alſo in the houſes of noble- 
men at weddings and other feſtivals, 

s cc Comedians and ſtage-players of former time were very poor and 
ignorant in reſpect of theſe of this time; but being now ſin 1583] 
growne very ſkilfull and exquiſite actors for all matters, they were en- 
tertained into the ſervice of divers great lords; out of which companies 
there were twelve of the beſt choſen, and, at the requeſt of Sir Francis 
Walſingham, they were ſworne the queenes ſervants, and were allow- 
ed wages and liveries as groomes of the chamber: and untill this yeare 
1583, the queene had no players. Among theſe twelve players were 
two rare men, viz. Thomas Wilſon, for a quicke, delicate, refined, 


extemporall witt, and Richard Tarleton for a wondrous plentiful! plea- 


ſant extemporall wit, he was the wonder of his tyme. He lieth buried 
in Shoreditch church.“ He was ſo beloved,” adds the writer in a 
: note, 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 39 
Eight of them had an annual ſtipend of 31. 6s. 8d. eachꝰ. 
At that time there were eight companies-of comedians, 
each of which performed twice or thrice a week“. 

King James the Firſt appears to have patronized the 
tage with as much warmth as his predeceſſor. In 1599, 
while he was yet in Scotland, he ſolicited queen Elizabeth 
(if we may believe a modern hiftorian) to ſend a com- 


pany of Engliſh comedians to Edinburgh; and very ſoon 


after his acceſſion to the throne, granted the following 
licence to the company at the Globe, which 1s found in 
Rymer's Fædera. 

note, ce that men uſe his picture for their fignes." Stowe's Chron, 


publiſhed by Howes, ſub, ann. 1583, edit. 1615. 
The above paragraph was not written by Stowe, not being found in 


the laſt edition of his Chronicle publiſhed in his life-time, 4to. 1605 2 


and is an interpolation by his Continuator, Edmund Howes, 

Richard Tarleton, as appears by the regiſter of St. Leonard's, Shore- 
ditch, was buried there, September the third, 1588. 

The following extract from Strype ſhews in how low a ſtate” the 
ſtags was at this time: | 
«© Upon the ruin of Paris Garden, [| the fall of a ſcaffold there in 
January 1583-4] ſuit was made to the Lords | of the Council] to ba- 
nith plays wholly in the places near London: and letters were ob- 
tained of the Lords to banith them on the Sabbath days. | 
Upon theſe orders againft the players, the Queen's players petitions 
ed the Lords of the Councel, That whereas the time of their ſervice 
drew very near, ſo that of neceſſity they muſt needs have exerciſe to 
enable them the better for the ſame,. and alſo for their better keep and 
relief in their poor liuings, the ſeaſon of the year being paſt to play at 
any of the houſes without the city: Their humble petition was, that 
the Lords would vouchſafe to read a few articles annexed to their ſup- 
plication, and in conſideration | that] the matter contained the very 
ftay and ſtate of their living, to grant unto them confirmation of the 
ſame, or of as many as ſhould be to their honours good liking z and 
withal, their favourable letters to the Lord Maior, to permit them to 
exerciſe within the city; and that their letters might contain ſome 
orders to the juſtices of Middleſex in their behalf.“ Strype's Additions 
to-Stowe's Survey, Vol. I. p. 248. 

9 Houſehold-book of Queen Elizabeth in 1584, in the Muſeum, 
Miſs. Sloan. 3194. The Continuator of Stowe ſays, ſhe had no players 
before, (ſee n. 8,) but I ſuſpe& that he is miſtaken, for Q. Mary, and 
K. Edward the Sixth, both had players on their eſtabliſhments. See p. 35. 

„ For reckoning with the leaſte the gaine that is reaped of eighe 


 ordinarie places in the citie, (which I know) by playing but once a 


weeke, (whereas many times they play twice, and ſometimes thrice,) 
it amounteth to two thouſand pounds by the year, A Sermon preached 
at Paules Croſſe, by John Stockwood, 1578. LY 


— ——— On EE 
* 


of Maye. 


40 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


«© Pro LAUREN TIO0 FLETCHER & WILLIEL MO 
SHAKESPEARE & aliis. 8 | 
| A. D. 1603. Pat. | FI 
1. Jac. P. z, m. 4. James by the grace of God, &c. 
to all juſtices, maiors, ſheriffs, conſtables, headboroughs, 
and other our officers and loving ſubjects, greeting. 
Know you that wee, of our ſpecial grace, certaine know- 
_—_ and meer motion, have licenſed and authoriſed, 
and by theſe preſentes doe licence and authorize theiſe our 
ſervaunts, Laurence Fletcher, WILLIAM SHAEKESPEARE, 
Richard Burbage, Auguſtine Philippes, John Hemings, 
Henrie Condel, William Sly, Robert Armin, Richard 
Cowly, and the reſt of their aſſociates, freely to uſe 
and exerciſe the arte and faculty of playing comedies, 
tragedies, hiſtories, interludes, morals, paſtorals, ſtage- 
lates, and ſuch like other as theie have alreadie ſtudied 
or hereafter ſhall uſe or ſtudie, as well for the recreation 
of our loving ſubjects, as for our ſolace and pleaſure 
when we ſhall thincke good to ſee them, during our 


' pleaſure: and the ſaid comedies, tragedies, hiſtories, en- 


terludes, morals, paſtorals, ſtage-plaies, and ſuch like, 
to ſhew and exerciſe publiquely to their beſt commoditie 
when the infection of the plague ſhall decreaſe, as well 
within theire nowe uſuall houſe called the Globe, within 
our county of Surrey, as alſo within anie toune-halls or 
moute-halls, or other convenient places within the 
liberties and freedom of any other citie, univerſitie, 
toun, or boroughe whatſoever, within our ſaid realmes 
and dominions. Willing and commanding you and 
everie of you, as you tender our pleaſure, not onlie to 
23 and ſuffer them herein, without any your letts, 
indrances, or moleſtations, during our pleaſure, but 
alſo to be aiding or aſſiſtinge to them if any wrong be 
to them offered, and to allow them ſuch former curteſies 
as hathe bene given to men of their place and quallitie; 
and alſo what further favour you ſhall ſhew to theiſe our 
ſervaunts for our ſake, we ſhall take kindlie at your 
handes. -In witneſs whereof, &c. | 
Witneſs our ſelfe at Weſtminſter, the nynteenth daye 


LO 


Per Breve de privato figillo,” 


ES C0 CE K n , _—_— 
FI EL Alte 1 8 5 — t S 7 77 oe 0 et W 3 
FF n 3 PIN 3 c ͤ . 
2 S 2 S * rn EEC IO TINY ton OA ages wh 
SEG 8 N r FF. 
e WF. 85 d g 


HER 


7 
. 


od Me " IRS 4k 
- . 
0 TEES: DNR AD 


. = 
<a 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 41 


F TAVING now, as conciſely as I could, traced the 
hiſtory of the Engliſh Stage, from its firſt rude 
{tate to the period of its maturity and greateſt ſplendour, 
I ſhall endeavour to exhibit as accurate a delineation of 
the internal form and economy of our ancient theatres, 
as the diſtance at which we ſtand, and the obſcurity of 
the ſubject, will permit. 8 7 1 5 

The moſt ancient Engliſh playhouſes of which I have 

found any account, are, the playhouſe in Blackfriars, 
that in YPhitefriars*, the Theatre, of which I am _ 

| able 


1 There was a theatre in Whitefriars, before the year 1580. 
See p. 36. A Woman's a Weathercoack was performed at the private 
playhouſe in Whitefriars in 1612. This theatre was, I 8 
either in Saliſpury- court or the narrow ſtreet leading into it. From 
an extract taken by Sir Henry Herbert from the office-book of Sir 
George Buc, his predeceſſor in the office of Maſter of the Revels, 
it appears that the theatre in Whitefriars was either rebuilt in 1613, 


or intended to be rebuilt, The entry is: „ July 13, 1613, for a 


licenſe to erect a new play-houſe in the White-friers, &c. C20. 1 
doubt however whether this ſcheme Was then carried into execution, 
becauſe a new playhouſe was erected in Saliſbury-court in 1629. 
That theatre probably was not on the ſite of the old theatre in White- 
friars, for Prynne ſpeaks of it as then nezuly built, not re-built; and 
in the ſame place he mentions the re-building of the Fortune and 
Red Bull theatres.— Had the old theatre in Whitefriars been pulled 
down and re-built, he would have uſed the ſame language with reſpect 
to them all, The Rump, a comedy by Tatham, was acted in 1669, in 
the theatre in Saliſbury-court (that built in 1629). About the 
year 1670 a new theatre was erected there, (but whether on the ſite 
of that laſt mentioned I cannot aſcertain,) known by the name of the 
Theatre in Dorſet Gardens, to which the Duke of York's Company 
under the conduct of Sir William D*Avenant's widow removed from 
Lincoln's-Inn fields in 1671. The former play-houſe in Saliſbury- 
court could hardly have fallen into decay in ſo ſhort a period as 
forty years; but I ſuppoſe was found too ſmall for the new ſcenery 
Introduced after the Reſtoration. The Prologue to Wycherley's 
Gentleman Dancing-Mafter, printed in 1673, is addreſſed “ To the 
city, newly after the removal of the Duke's Company from Lincoln's- 
Inn fields to their new theatre near Saliſbury- court.“ 

Maitland in his Hiſtory of London, p- 963, after mentioning 
Dorſet Stairs, adds, © near to which place ftood the theatre or 


play- 


4z HIS TORICAL ACCOUNT 


ann 


Shoreditch. The Theatre, from its name, was probably 
the firſt building erected in or near the metropolis pur- 
poſely for ſcenick exhibitions. 


In the time of Shakſpeare there were ſeven prin- 


cipal theatres; three private houſes, namely, that in 
Blackfriars, that in Whitefriars, and The Cockpit or 
Phenix*, in Drury-Lane; and four that were ealled 


publick theatres; viz. The Globe on the Bankſide, The 


play-houſe, a neat building, baving a curious front next the Thames, 
with an open place for the reception of coaches,” 

2 It was probably fituated in ſome remote and privileged place, 
being, I ſuppoſe, hinted at in the following paſſage of a ſermon by John 
Stockwood, quoted below, and preached in 1578: © Have we not 
houſes of purpoſe built with great charges for the maintenance of 
them, [the players, ] and that evithout the liberties, as who ſhall ſay, 
there, let them ſay what they will, we will play. I know noc 
how I might, with the godly-learned eſpecially, more diſcommend 
the gorgeous playing-place erected in the fields, than to term it, as 
they pleaſe to have it called, a Theatre.” 


3 The Theatre andThe Curtain are mentioned in A Sermon preached 


at Paules Croſs on St. Bartholomew day, being the 24th of Auguſt, 


#578, byJohn Stockwood, and in an ancient Treatiſe againſt Idleneſs, 
waine Plaies and Interludes, by John Northbrook, bl. 1, no date, 


but written apparently about the year 1580, Stubbes, in his Ana- 
tomy of Abuſes, p. go, edit. 1583, inveighs againſt Theatres and Cur- 
taines, which he calls Venus Palaces, Edmund Howes, the con- 
tinuator of Stowe's Chronicle, ſays, (p. 1004,) that before the year 
I570, he © neither knew, heard, nor read of any ſuch theatres, ſet 
ſtages, or play-houſes, as have been purpoſely built within man's 
memory.” | | Wo 

4 This theatre had been originally a Cockpit. It was built or 
re-built not very long before the year 1617, in which year we learn 


from Camden's Annals of King James the Firſt, it was pulled down 


by the mob: © 1617. Martii 4. Theatrum ludionum nuper erectum 
In Drury-Lane 2 furente multitudine diruitur, et apparatus dilacera- 
tur.” I ſuppoſe it was ſometimes called The Phenix from that fabulous 
bird being its fign. It was ſituated oppoſite the Caſtle-tavern in 
Drury-Lane, and was ſtanding ſome time after the Reſtoration, The 
players who performed at this theatre in the time of King James the 
Firſt, were called the Queen's Servants, till the death of Queen Anne 
in 1619. After her death they were, I think, for ſome time deno- 
minated the Lady Elizabeth's Servants; and aſter the.marriage of 
King Charles the firſt, they regained their former title of the Queen's 
players. f : 


Curtain 


32 Fon y 
* 


5 
\K 
© 
2 
2 
49 
4.2 

3 
Tx 
0 
ES 

- 2 

* 

tz 
IR 

: IR 

N 
. I 
2 
3 
4s 
Ii 
Re 
Be & 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 43 


Curtain* in Shoreditch, The Red Bull at the upper end 
of St. John's-ſtreet, and The Fortunes in White-croſs- 
5 ſtreet. 
s See Skialetheiay an old collection of Epigrams, and Satires, 16mo. 
8: ö 
#59": 44 e If mf ee 
« Perſuade me to a play, I'll to the Roſe, 
« Or Curtaing—." | 
The Curtain is mentioned in Heath's Epigrams, 1610, as being . 
then open; and The Hector of Germany was performed at it by a 
company of young men in 1615. The original ſign hung out at this 
playhouſe (as Mr Steevens has obſerved) was the painting of a 
curtain ſtriped, The performers at this theatre were called The 
Prince's Servants, till the acceſſion of King Charles the Firſt to the 
crown. Soon after that period it ſeems to have been uſed only by 
prize-fighters. 
6 The Fortune theatre, according to Maitland, was the oldeſt thea- 
tre in London. It was built or re- built in 1599 by Edward Alleyn, the 
piayer, (who was alfo proprietor of the Bear-Garden from 1594. to 


1610, ) and coſt 5201, as appears from the following memorandum in 


his hand-writing : 

; What The Fortune coſt me, Nov. 1599. 
Firſt for the leas to Creſt, | - A 240, 
Then for building the play-hous, — - 520. 
For other privat buildings of myn owne, - 120. 


So that it hath coſt me for the leaſſe, — L. 880.” 

It was a round brick building, and its dimenſions may be conjectured 
from the following advertiſement in The Mercurius Politicus, Tueſday 
Feb. 14, to Tueſday Feb. 21, 166r, for the preſervation of which 
we are indebted to Mr. Stecvens: „ The Fortune play-houſe ſituate 


between Whitecroſs-ſtreet and Golding-lane, in the pariſh of Saint 


Giles, Cripplegate, with the ground thereto belonging, is to be lett 
to be built upon; where twenty-three tenements may be erected, with 
gardens; and a ſtreet may be cut through for the better accomodation 
of the buildings.” | 

The Fortune is ſpoken of as a playhouſe of conſiderable ſize, in the 
prologue to the Roaring Girl, a comedy which was acted there, and 
printed in 1617 : | | 
cc A roaring girl, whoſe notes till now ne'er were, 

« Shall fill with laughter our waſt tbeatre. | 5 

See alſo the concluding lines of Shirley's prologue to The Doubtful 
Heir, quoted below. | | | 

Howes in his continuation of Stowe's Chronicle, p. 1004, edit. 1631, 
ſays, it was burnt down in or about the year, 1617: „ About foure 
yeares after, [i. e. after the burning of the Globe, ] a fayre ſtrong 
new-built play-houſe near Golden-lane, called the Fortune, by neg- 
ligence of a candle was cleane burnt to the ground, but ſhortly _ 

re-built 


44 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


ſtreet. The laſt two were chiefly frequented by citi- 
zens7, There were however, but ſix companies of 
comedians; for the playhouſe in Blackfriars, and the 
_ Globe, belonged to the ſame troop. Beſide theſe ſeven 
theatres, there were for ſome time on the Bankſide 
three other publick theatres ; T he Swan, The Ro/e*, and 
The Hope9: but The Hope being uſed chiefly as a bear- 


re-built far fairer.” He is however, miſtaken as to the time, for 
it was burat down in December, 1621, as I learn from a letter in 
Dr. Birch's collection in the Muſeum, from Mr. John Chamberlain 
to Sir Dudley Carleton, dated Dec. 15, 1621, in which is the 
following paragraph : On ſunday night here was a great fire at 
The Fortune in Golding-lane, the firſt play-houſe in this town. It 
was quite burnt downe in two hours, and all their apparell and play- 
books loſt, whereby thoſe poore companions are quite undone. There 
were two other houſes on fire, but with great labour and danger were 
ſaved.” Mſs. Birch, 4173. It does not appear whether this writer, 
by © the fr/? play-houle in this town, means the firſt in point of 
ſize or dignity, or the oldeſt. I doubt much its being the oldeſt, 
though that is the obvious meaning of the words, and though Mait- 


land has afferted it: becauſe I have not found it mentioned in any of 


the tracts relative to the ſtage, written in the middle of Elizabeth's reign. 

Prynne ſays that the Fortune on its re-building was enlarged. 
Epiſtle Dedicat. to Hiſtriomaſtix, 4to. 1633. | 

Before this theatre there was either a picture or ſtatue of Fortune. 
Sce The Engliſh Traveller, by Heywood, 1633: 
| 60 I'le rather ſtand here, 

«© Like a ſtatue in the fore- front of your houſe 
« For ever; like the picture of dame Fortune 
c Before the Fortune play-houſe.” 

7 Wright's Hiſtoria Hiſtrionica, 8 vo. 1699, p. 5+ 

.8 The Swan and the Roſe are mentioned by Taylor the water-poet, 
but in 1613 they were ſhut up. See his Works, p. 171, edit. 1633. 
The latter had been built before 1598. See p. 43, n. 5. After the 
year 1620, as appears from Sir Henry Herbert's office-book, they 
were uſed occaſionally for the exhibition of prize-fighters. 

9 Ben Jonſon's Bart holomeau-Fair was performed at this theatr 
in 1614. He does not give a very favourable deſcription of it.— 
c Though the fair be not kept in the ſame region that ſome here 
perhaps would have it, yet think that the author hath therein obſerved. 
a ſpecial decorum, the place being as dirty as Smithfield, and as 
ſtinking every whit,” —Induct ion to Bartholomew Fair. | 

It appears from an old pamphlet entitled Holland's Leaguer, printed 
in quarto in 1632, that The Hope was occaſionally uſed as a bear- 
garden, and that The Swan was then fallen into decay, 


garden, 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 45 


garden, and The Swan and The Roje having fallen to 
decay early in King James's reign, they ought not to 
be enumerated with the other regular theatres. 
All the eftabliſhed theatres that were open in 1598, 
were either without the city of London or its liberties*, 
It appears from the office book * of Sir Henry Herbert, 
Maſter of the Revels to King James the Firſt, and the 
we 
1 Sunt. porro Londini, extra urbem, theatra aliquot, in quibus 


hiſtriones Angli comedias et tragedias fingulis fere diebus, in magna 
hominum frequentia agunt; quas variis etiam. ſaltationibus, ſua- 


viffima adhibita muſica, magno cum populi applauſu finiri ſolent.“ 


Hentzneri Itinerarium, 4to. 1598, p. 132+ 

2 For the uſe of this very curious and valuable Manuſcript I am 
indebted to Francis Ingram of Ribbisford near Bewdley in Worcefter- 
ſhire, Eſq, Deputy Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, It 
has lately been found in the ſame old cheſt which contained the 


manuſcript Memoirs of Lord Herbert of Cherbury, from which Mr. 


Walpole about twenty years ago printed the Lite of that nobleman, 
who was elder brother to Sir Henry Herbert. 

The firſt Mafter of the Revels in the reign of queen Elizabeth was 
Thomas Benger, whoſe patent paſſed the great ſeat Jan. 18, 1560-1, 
It is printed in Rymer's Fædera. His ſucceſſor, Edmund Tilney, obtained 
a grant of this office (the reverſion of which John Lily, the dramatick 
poet, had long in vain ſolicited,) on the 24th of July 1579, (as appears 
from a book of patents in the Pells-office,) and continued in poſſeſſion of 
it during the remainder of her reign, and till October 1610, about which 
time he died. This office for near fifty years appears to have been con- 


. fidered as ſo deſirable a place, that it was conſtantly ſought for during 


the life of the poſſeſſor, and granted in reverſion. King James on the 
23d of June, 1603, made a reverſionary grant of it to Sir George Buc, 
(then George Buc, Eq.) to take place whenever it ſhould become va- 
cant by the death, reſignation, forfeiture, or ſurrender, of the then 
poſſeſſor Edmund Tilney; who, if I miſtake not, was Sir George 
Buc's maternal uncle. Mr. Tilney, as I have already mentioned, did 
not die till the end of the year 1610, and ſhould ſeem to have executed 
the duties of the office to the laſt 3 for his executor, as I learn from 
one of the Ex itus books in the Exchequer, received in the year 1617, 
120l. 18s. 3d. due to Mr. Tilney on the laſt day of the preceding Oc- 
tober, for one's year's expences of office, In the edition of Camden's 
Britannia, printed in folio in 1607, Sir George Buc is called Maſter 
of the Revels, I ſuppoſe from his having obtained the reverſion of that 
place: for from what I have already ſtated he could not have been then 
in poſſeſſion of it. April 3, 1612, Sir John Aſtley, one of the gentle- 
men of the privy-chamber, obtained a reverſionary grant of this office, 
to take place on the death, dc. of Sir George Buc, as Ben Jonſon the 

| | poe: 


— 7 
22 nem mgm 
i 22 — = ay I mw 


— — — 
— . pens — — — ou 
— 


Earns 


— - 


46 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
two ſucceeding kings, that very ſoon after our poet's 
death, in the year 1622, there were but five principal 


companies 


t obtained a ſimilar grant, October 5, 1621, to take place on the 
death, &c. of Sir John Aſtley and Sir George Buc. 

Sir George Buc came into poſſeſſion of the office about November 
1610, and held it till the end of the year 1621, when, in conſequence 
of ill health, he reſigned it to king James, and Sir John Aſtley ſuc- 
ceeded him. How Sir Henry Herbert got poſſeſſion of this office ori- 
ginally, I am unable to aſcertain; but I imagine Sir John Aſtley for a 


valuable confideration appointed him his deputy, in Auguſt 1623, at 
| which time, to uſe Sir Henry's own words, he © was received as Maſter 


of the Revels by his Majeſty at Wilton ;** and in the warrant-books of 
Philip earl of Pembroke, now in the Lord Chamberlain's office, con- 
taining warrants, orders, &c. between the years 1625 and 1642, 
he is conſtantly ſtyled Maſter of the Revels, If Sir John Aſtley had 


formally reſigned or ſurrendered his office, Ben Jonſon, in conſequence 


of the grant obtained in the year 1621, muſt have ſucceeded to it; but 
he never derived any emolument from that grant, for Sir John Aſtley, 
as I find from the probate of his will, in the Prerogative office, (in 
which it is obſervable that he calls himſelf Maſter of the Rewels, though 
both the duties and emoluments of the office were then exerciſed and 
enjoyed by another,) did not die till January 1639-40, above two years 
after the poet's death. To make his title ftill more ſecure, Sir Henry 
Herbert, in conjunction with Simon Thelwall, Eſq. Auguſt 22, 1629, 
obtained a reverſionary grant of this much ſought-for office, to take 
place on the death, ſurrender, &c. of Sir John Aſtley and Benjamin 
Jonſon. Sir Henry held the office for fifty years, though during the 
uſurpation he could not exerciſe the functions nor enjoy the emoluments 
of it. | 
Sir George Buc wrote an expreſs treatiſe, as he has himſelf told 
us, on the ſtage and on revels, which is unfortunately loſt, Pre- 
vious to the exhibition of every play, it was licenſed by the Mafter 
of the Revels, who had an eſtabliſhed fee on the occaſion. If ever 
therefore the Office-bodks of Mr. Tilney and Sir George Buc ſhall be 
found, they will aſcertain precifely the chronological order of all the 
plays written by Shakſpeare; and either confirm or overturn a ſyſtem 
in forming which I have taken ſome pains. Having however found 
many of my conjectures confirmed by Sir Henry Herbert's Manu- 
ſcript, I have no reaſon to augur ill concerning the event, ſhould 
the regiſters of his predeceſſors ever be diſcovered, 


The regular ſalary of this office was but ten pounds a year; but, by 


fees and other perquiſites, the emoluments of Sir George Buc in the 


firſt year he came into poſſeſſion of it, amounted to near 100l, The 


office afterwards became much more valuable. | 
Having mentioned this gentleman, I take this opportunity of 
correCting an error into which Anthony Wood has fallen, and which 
has 


wire Ig; 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE 47 


companies of comedians in London; the King's Ser- 
vants, who performed at the Globe and in Blackfriars ; 
the Prince's Servants, who performed then at the Curtain 
the Palſgrave's Servants 3, who had poſſeſſion of the For- 
tune; the players of the Revels, who acted at the Red 
Bull 4; and the Lady Elizabeth's Servants, or, as they 
are ſometimes denominated, the Queen of Bohemia's 
players, who performed at the Cockpit in Drury-Lanes, 


has been implicitly adopted in the new edition of Biographia Britannica, 
and many other books. The error I allude to, is, that this Sir 
George Buc, who was knighted at White-hall by king James the 
day before his coronation, July 23, 1603, was the author of the 
celebrated Hiſtory of King Richard the Third 3 which was written 
above twenty years after his death by George Buck, Eſq. who was, 
I ſuppoſe, his ſon. The preciſe time of the father's death, I have not 
been able to aſcertain, there being no will of his in the prerogative-of- 
fice ; but I have reaſon to believe that it happened ſoon after the year 
1622. He certainly died before Auguſt 1629. 

The Office-book of Sir Henry Herbert contains an account of 
almoſt every piece exhibited at any of the theatres from Auguſt 3625 
to the commencement of the rebellion in 1641, and many curious 
anecdotes relative to them, ſome of which 1 ſhall preſently have 
occaſion to quote. This valuable Manuſcript having lain for a con- 
fiderable time in a damp place, is unfortunately damaged, and in a very 


mouldering condition: however, no material part of it appears to have 


riſhed. 

" cannot conclude this long note without acknowledging the obli- 
ging attention of W. E. Roberts, Eſq. Deputy Clerk of the Pells, 
which facilitated every ſearch I wiſhed to make in his office, and en- 
abled me to aſcertain ſome of the facts above ſtated. 

3 6 1622. The Palſgrave's ſervants. Frank Grace, Charles Maſſy, 
Richard Price, Richard Fowler, — Kane, Curtys Grevill.” Mfe 
Herbert, Thfee other names have periſhed. Of theſe one muſt have 
been that of Richard Gunnel, who was then the manager of the For- 
tune theatre; and another, that of William Cartwright, who was of 
the ſame company, | 

4 «© The names of the cheife players at the Red Bull, called the 
players of the Revells. Robert Lee, Richard Perkings, Ellis Woorth, 
. ee Baſſe, John Blany, John Cumber, William Robbins,” 

idem, | | 

5 „ The cheife of them at the Phenix. Chriſtopher Beeſton, 
Joſeph More, Eliard Swanſon, Andrew Cane, Curtis Grevill, William 
Shurlock, Anthony Turner.“ Thidem. Eliard Swanſton in 1624 joined 
the company at Blackfriars. | 1 

That part of the leaf which contained the liſt of the king's ſervants, 
and the performers at the Curtain, is mouldeted away. 

| When 


48 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
When Prynne publiſhed his Hiſfriomaſtix, (1633) there 


were ſix play-houſes open; the theatre in Blackfriars ; 
the Globe; the Fortune; the Red Bull; the Cockpit or 
Phoenix, and a theatre in Saliſbury-court, Whitefriars®. 

All the plays of Shakſpeare appear to have been per- 
formed either at 7 he Globe, or the theatre in Blackfriars. 
I ſhall therefore confine my inquiries principally to thoſe 
two. They belonged, as I have already obſerved, to 
the ſame company of comedians, namely his majeſty's 
ſervants, which title they obtained after a licence had 
been granted to them by king James in 1603; having 
before that time, I apprehend, been called the ſervants 
of the Lord Chamberlain, Like the other ſervants of 
the houſehold, the performers enrolled in this company 
were {ſworn into office, and each of them was allowed 
four yards of baſtard ſcarlet for a cloak, and a quarter of 
a yard of velvet for the cape, every ſecond year /. 

The theatre in Blackfriars was fituated near the pre- 
ſent Apothecaries-hall, in the neighbourhood of which 


6 Tt has been repeated again and again that Prynne enumerates 
ſeventeen playhouſes in London in his time; but this is a miſtake ; he 
expreſsly ſays that there were only fix, (ſee his Epiſtle Dedicatory,) 
and the office-book of Sir Henry Herbert confirms his aſſertion. | 

Mr. Dodſley and others have fallen into this miſtake of ſuppoſing 
there were ſeventeen playhouſes open at one time in London; into 
which they were led by the continuator of Stowe, who mentions 
that between 1570 and 1630 ſeventeen playhouſes were built, in 
which number however he includes five inns turned into playhouſes, 
and St. Paul's ſinging- ſchool. He does not ſay that they were all open 
at the ſame time. A late writer carries the matter ſtill further, and 
aſſerts that it appears from Rymer's MM. in the Muſeum that there 
were tqventy-three playhouſes at one time open in London! | 

7 C6 Theſe are to ſignify unto your lordſhip his majeſties pleaſure, 
that you cauſe to be delivered unto his majeſties players whoſe 
names follow, viz. John Hemmings, John Lowen, op Taylor, 
Richard Robinſon, ſohn Shank, Robert Benfield, Richard Sharp, 
Eliard Swanſon, Thomas Pollard, Ahthony Smith, Thomas Hobbes, 
William Pen, George Vernon, and james Horne, to each of them 
the ſeveral allowance of foure yardes of baſtarde ſkarlet for a cloake, 
and a quarter of a yard of crimſon velvet for the capes, it being 
the uſual allowance graunted unto them by his majeſty every ſecond 
yeare, and due at Eafter taft paſt, For the doing whereof theis 
ſhall be your warrants May 6th, 1629.” Mſ. in the Lord Cbam- 
berlain's Offices 

| there 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE, 49 
there is yet Playhouſe-yaty, not far from which the theatre 
probably ſtood. It was, as has been mentioned, a private 
houſe; but what were the diſtinguiſhing marks of a pri- 
vate playbouſe, it is not eaſy to aſcertain. We know only 
that 1t was ſmaller 5 than thoſe which were called publick 
theatres ; and that in the private theatres plays were uſu- 
ally repteſented by candle-light®. * | 

In this theatre, which was a very ancient one, the 
Children of the Revels occaſionally performed 7, | 
Fn It 


5 Wright, in his H. Hiſtrion. informs us, that the theatre in 
Blackfriars, the Cockpit, and that in Saliſbury-Court, were exactly 
alike both in form and ſize, The ſmallneſs of the latter is aſcer- 
tained by theſe lines in an epilogue to Tottenham Court, a comedy by 


iS Nabbes, which was acted there: 


% When others? fill'd rooms with neglect diſdain ye, 
« My little houſe with thanks ſhall entertain ye.“ 

6 « All the city looked like a private play- houſe, when the evindows 
are clapt dowwne, as if ſome nocturnal and diſmal tragedy were pre- 
ently to be ated.” Decker's Seven Deadly; Sinnes of London, 1606. 
See alſo Hiſtoria Hiſtrionica. 4 * 

7 Many pieces were performed by them in this theatre before 1580. 
Sometimes they performed entire pieces; at others, they repreſented 
ſuch young characters as are fund in many of our poet's plays. Thus 
we find Nat. Field, John 3 and William Oſtler, among 
the childibn of the Revels who repreſented ſeveral of Ben Jonſon's 
' comedies at the Blackfriars in the earlier part of king James's reign, 
and alſo in the liſt of the actors of our author's plays prefixed to the 
firſt folio, publiſhed in 1623- They had then become men. 

Lily's Campaſpe was acted at th theatre in Blackfriars in 3584, 
and The Caſe is altered, # Ben Joon, s printed in 16@, as 
acted by ibe children of PBlagkefriers Some of the children of the 
Revels alſo acted ee the thggtre in Whitefriars; for we 
find A Woman's a; Weathercock pgtformed by them at that theatre 
in 1612. Pfobably a certain nu -of theſe children were appro- 
priated to each of theſe theatres, affd iffſtructed by the elder performers , 
7 their art; by which means this young troop became a em 

actors. In a manuſcript in the inner Temple, No. 515, Vol. VII. 
entitled © A booke won apart are with relation to 
the kings ſervants, petitions, warrants, hills, &e. and ſuppoſed to be 
a copy of ſome part of the Lord Chamberlain of the Houſhold's book 
in or about the year 1622, I find «© A warrant to the ſignet-office 
(dated ſuly 8th, 1622,) for a privie ſeale for his majeſties licenſing 

of Röbert Lee, Richard Perkins, Ellis W@prth, Thomas Baſſe, John 
Blany, John Cumber, and William _— late comedians of 
Queene Anne deceaſed, to bring up children in the qualitie and exerciſe 

OL, I. PART II. * E | of 


2 


co. OF THE ENGLISH STAGE 
It is ſaid in Camden's — the reign of king 
James the firſt, that the theatre iMBlackfriars fell down in 
the year 1623, and that above eighty perſons were killed 
by the accident; but he was miſinformed *. The room 
which gave way was in a private houſe, and appropriated 
to the ſervice of religion. : 

I am unable to aſcertain at what time the Globe 
theatre was built. Hentzner has alluded to it as exiſt- 
ing in 1598, though he does not expreſsly mention t?. 
I believe it was not built long before the year 1596*. 

* 0 * 


of playing comedies, hiſtories, interludes, morals, paſtorals, ſtage- 
plaies, and ſuch like, as well for the ſollace and ure of his 
majeſtie, as for the honeſt recreation of ſuch as ſhall deſire to ſee 
them; to be called by the name of The Children of the Revels; - and 
to be drawne in ſuch a manner and forme as hath been uſed in other 
lycenſes of that kinde.”” Theſe very perſons, we have ſeen, were tlie 
company of the Revels in 1622, and were then become men, 

8 « 1623. Ex occaſu domũs ſcenic? apud Black-friers Londini, 
$1 perſonæ ſpectabiles gecantur.” Camdeni Annales, ab anno 1603 
ad annum 1623, 4to. 16 raf. „That this writer was miſinformed, 
appears from an old tract, printed in the ſame reap in which the acci- 
dent happeged, entitled, A Word cf biet, ofa diſcourſe concerning 


the late lamentable accident of the fall of a Room at a Catholick ſermon 
in the Black-friers, London, whereby ahh Tougeſcore Pera were op- 


reſſed. 4to 1623. | | 
page alſo verſes prefixed to a play called The een, publiſhed by 
Alexander Goughe, (probably the ſon of Robert Goughe, one of the 
actors in Shakſpeare's company,) in 1653: et it 


i 66 — we — * ay— | * 
% — that Blackſſhers we Reare, which in this age - I 
«c Fell, when it was a church ben a flage ; 4 
ce Or that the puritang that . elt there, * 
864 Prayed and thriv'ds thaygh He play- houſe were ſo near.” 
Camden had a paraly tick 81 the 18th of®Augit 1623, and 


died on the gth of Novem lowing. The above-mentioned 
accident happened on the 24th of October; which accounts for hig 
inaccuracy. The room which felly was an upper room in Hunſdon- 
Houſe, in which the French Anilfdador then dwelt. See Stowe's 
Chron. p. 1035, edit. 1631 | | 

9 % Non longe ab uno horum theatrorum, quæ omnia lignea ſunt, 
ad Thameſin navis eſt regia, quæ duo egregia habet conclavia, d &e. 
Itin. p. 132. navis, regia. he means the royal barge, call be 
Gallyfoift. See the 1 iew of London, as it appeared in 1599. 

1 « The Suit of they Watermen againſt the Players, in the 
Nerk of Taylor the Watentpoet, p. 171. 49 e 1 


* | 
: 8 nn 51 


It was ftuated on the Bankſide, (the ſouthern ſide of 

Ch river Thames,)* nearly oppoſite to Friday-ſtreet, 
e. It was an hexagonal wooden building, 
party _— n to the weather, and paſtly thatched *. 
Men Hentzner wrote, all the other theatres as well as 
1 were compoſed of wood. 5 


* In long Antwerp View of London in the Pepyſian Library 
at Camb ge, is a repreſentation of the Globe theatre, from which 
a detwing was made by the Rev. Mr. Henley, and tranſmitted to 
Mr. Steevens. From that drawing this cut was made. 


is 


> 


« 
£ 


\ 
il 
\\ 


l 


Ul 


| 


— — 


) 
i 
l 
. nn nor rn 
——————————_ 
— rr I rr ry 
— 
— — — 
— — — 
. ͤ ͤ en 
. ˙ 
— Z 
. m — 
— ͤ—!. 
r 2 
— T 
—ĩĩͤů—————;ð5,ęↄ :ỹ 
. — LN 
ä R 
— — 
—  — 
—  — — —— 
RD ——— 
1 ͤ oo 
. ͤ os 
F — — 
—— — a— 
—ñ 
—ͤ D70h — 
. — — 
1 ²— 
. w 
. 
3 
ä —— 


0 


10 
fl 


_ 


4x 


a * 
52 HIS T ORTE AI. Account „ 
The Globe wis a publick theatre, and of conſidorahle 
ſizes, and there they always acted by day-light“. On; 
the roof of this and the other publick theatres a 12 Ate 
erected, to whilth a flag was affixed5. ,. Theſe flags were 
probably diſplayed only during the hours of exh;bitith * 
and it ſhould ſeem from one of the old comedies that 
they were taken down in Lent, in which time, das? 
ring the early part of King James's reign playg were , 
not allowed to be repreſented ®, though at a ſablequgnt 
period this prohibition was diſpenſed with“. Ef 

: | I formerly 


3 The Globe, we learn from Wright's Hiſtoria flrtonica, W * 
nearly of the ſame ſize as the une, which has been already 
deſcribed. | EE + 
4 Hiſteria Hifirionica, 8vo. 1699, p- 7. £8 W & 
5 So, in, The Curtain-Drawer of the World, 1612: „ Each play- 
bouſe zar Meth his flagge in the aire, whither quickly at che Waving 
thereof are ſummoned whole troops of men, women, and children.“ 
Again, in A Mad World, my Maſters, a comedy by Middleton, 1608 
„the hair about the hat is as good as a flag upon the pole, at 
a common play-houſe, to waft company.“ See a Soth View of the 
City of London as it appeared in 1599, in which are dee e of 
the Globe and Swan theatres. From the words, „a common play- 
houſe, in the paſſage laſt quoted, we may be leg, to ſuppoſe that flags 1 
ore mw diſplayed on the roof of Blackfriars, and the other priuate © 
playhouſes. A | , ND 
: 5 This cuſtom perhaps took its riſe from a miſconception of a line 
in Ovid EE | 2 
„ FTunc neque marmoreo pendebant vela theatro,. ... 
which Heywood, in a tract publiſhed in 1612, thus tranſlates; 
„ In thoſe days from the marble houſe did waive 
TE No fail, no ſilken flag, or enſign brave.” N 
„ From the roof (ſays the ſame author, deſcribing a Roman 
' amphitheatre,) grew a loover or turret, of exceeding altitude, from 
Which an enjign of lk waved continually; — pendebant vela thegtro.” 
he miſinterpretation might, however, have ariſen from the 
" Engliſh cuſtom. | | 
„ *Tis Lent in your cheeks ;—tbe flag is dewwn.” A Mad Werld, 
my Maſters, a comedy by Middleton, 1608. . 
Again, in Earle's Characters, 7th edit. 1638: © Shrove-tueſda 
hee [a player] feaſts as much as the bawdes, and Lent is more da- 
rous to him than the butchers.” | : 
7 66 +4964: Ha the King's players for a lenten diſpenſation, the _ 
other companys Promiſing to doe as muche, 448. March 23,4,1616.” -* 
Ke” | Ph | 


Þ 
* N a .* „ 
a _ 
*. i ns i ' : 55 5 
„ 8 ; *_ 
by e - . 
e 
"A 
7 _” * 
4 Wo 4 


7 
83 
5 


* 


* 


 G | | 
5 8 * 


* 
* 
P 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 53 
1 I formerly conjectured that The G „ though hexa- 


nal at the outſide, was perhaps a N 4 within, and 
that it might have derived its name from its circular 


form !. B eee mw part appropriated to the audi- 
4 
« Of John- Hemminges, in Sk name of the four c6mpanys, for 
« ®toleration 3 in the holydayes, 445. eee 29, 1618. * 
Extras from the office-bgok of Sir George Buc. MAT. Herbert. p 
| Theſe diſpenſations did not extend to the ſermon- days, as they ore: 
then called; that is, Wedneſday and Friday in each week. | 
After Sir Henry Herbert became poſſeſſęd of the office of Maſter of 7 
perf Lent appear to have been 
eatr he managers however did 
not always perform plays during t ſeaſons Some of the theatre, par- 
ticularly the Red- Bull and the une, Were then let to prize-fighters, 
tumblers, and rope-dancers, who ſometimes added a Maſque to the 
other exhibitions. Theſe facts are aſcertained by the following entries: 
EY, bs ie or a priſe at the Red Bull, for the howſe; the 6 


$ 


the Revels, fees for permiſſions 
| Wear by each of 


fenchrs would give nothing. 108.“ Mil. Aſtley. 
„ From Mr, Gunnel, mr of the Fortune, 10 the name of * 
the dancers of the ropes for Lent, this 15 March, 1624. £1, Oo. ©.” f 


« From Mr. Gunnel, to allowe of a 88 the dancers of $ 
the ropes, this 19 March, 1624. 11 o. O.“ * * 
We ſee here, by thy way, that Microcoſmus, whi wiagexhibited ; in @4 
1637, was not (as Dr. Burney ſuppoſes in his ingenious Hiſlory of » t 
MufickyV ol, III. p. 385,) the firſt malque exhibited on theſpublick ſtage. 
„From Mr. Blagrave, in the name of the. Cockpit rn for * 
this Lent, this 30th March, 1624. £2. 0. 0. % 
6 March 20, 1626, From Mr. Hemmi ses, for this Lent allowanſe, 
£2. 9. Os?! MT, Herbert. 
Prynne takes notice of this relaxation in bis Hi ftriomaſtix, 4t0.16g3: 2 
« There are none ſo addicted to ſtage-playes,/ but when they go unto 
laces where they cannot have them, or when as they are ſuppreſſed 
Fn publike authority, (as in times of peſtilence, andi in Lent, till now * 
of late, ),can well ſubſiſt without them.“ p. 784. F. s 
”u 1 After theſe” (ſays Heywood} ſpeaking of the buildings at Rene; 
appropriate ſcenick exhibitions,) they compoſed others, but dif- * 
fering in forfn from the theatre or amphitheatre, and every ſuch was 
called circus; the frame globe- like, and merely round.” Apology for 
2 1612. See alſo our author's 3 to apes V. 
1 < —S or ay we cram | N # 
cc Within this wooden O, . 
But as we find in the prologue to Marſton's Antonios Kr wien 
was acted by the Children of Paul's in 1602, 
« If any ſpirit breathes within this round. N 
no inference reſpecting the denomination of the c can be drawn + . 
from this expreſſion. 4 


+ E 3 . © ence 


* 


_ 


4 * # * ». 2 
ö 8 of 


— 


„ 


— the year 1545] had ſignes on their frontes towards the T. 


as 
with what ig happened this week at the Banks fide. The 


* 


a 


* 


* 


* 5 


} . 0 5 En ** | Th 
8 | 
54 HIS TORIC AL ACCOUNT 


ence was probablp ircular, I now believe that the houſe 
was denominated only from its ſign; which was a figure of 
Hercules ſupporting the Globe, under which was written, 
Totus mundus agit hiftrionem *. This tre was burnt 
down on the 29th of June, 161333 but it was rebuilt in 


2 Stowe informs us, that © the allowed Stewhouſes"[ antecedent to * 


Hanggd out, but painted on the walles; as a Boares head, The Croſs 
Keyes, 


The Gunne, The Caſtle, the Crane, the Cardinals Hat, the >», 


houſes which continued t on the ſame trade. after the ancient 
and privileged edifices had put down obably were diſtifiguiſhed by 
the old ſigns; and the fign gf the "Globe, which theatre was in their 
neighbourhood, was perhaps, in.imi of them, painted on its * 


Bell, the Swanne, &c, Syrvey of London, 4to, 1603, p. 409, The 
** 


3 The following account of this accident is given by Sir Henry | 
ton, in a letter dated July 2, 1613, Relig. Wotton, p. 425, edit. 1685 25 | 
c& Now to leg matters of ſtate ſleep, I will enteffai you, e at 

6 


2 


ngs 

Players had 4 new play called All is Frue, repreſenting ſome principal 
pieces of the reigmof Henry the Eighth, which was ſet forth with many 
extrgordinarycircumſtances of pomp and majeſty, eyen th the matting 
of che ſtage ; the knights of the order with their Georges and Garter, 

the guards with their embroidered coats, and the like: ſufficient in 


truth within a while to make greatneſs Very familiar, if not ridiculous. 


3 


ay 


Pe 59 


* 


FO 


Now King Henry making a Maſque at the Cardinal Wolſeys houſe, and * 


certain cannons being ſhot off at his entry, ſome of the paper or other 
ſtuff, wherwith one of them was ſtopped, did light on the thatch, 
where being thought at firſt but, an idle ſmoak; and their eyes more 
attentive to the ſhow, it kindted inwardly, and ran round like à train, 
"conſuming within leſs than an hour the whole houſe to the very ground. 
This was the fatal period of that virtuous fabrick, e yet nothing 
did periſh but oed and fra, and a few forſaken cloaks.“ K 
From a letter of Mr. John Chamberlaine's to Sir Ralph Winwood,® - 
dated July 8, 1613, in Which this accident is likewiſe mentioned, we 
learn that this theatre had only fo doors. The burning of the ® 
Globe or playhouſe on the Bankfide on St. Peter's day HMnnot eſcape 
you; which fell out by a peal of chambers, (that I know not upon 
what occaſion werg to be uſed in the play,) the tampin or ſtopple of 
one of them ligMing in the thatch that covered the houſe, burn'd 
it down to the griund in leſy than two hours, with a dwelling-hbuſe 
adjoyning; and it was a great mafyaile and fair grace of God that te 
people hd fo little harm, having but t2vo narrow doors to get out.” 
Winwood's Memcrials, Vol. III. p. 469. Not a ſingle life was loſt. 
In 1613 was entered on the Stationers“ books A doleful ballad of the 


| general conflagration of the famous theatre on the Bankſide, called the 
Globes I have never met with it. | | - 


, 


the 
85 | 
* . * 4 % + & 
p - | 
2 8 
* - 5 > 
* 2 # * 


{As 


audi 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 58 


the following year, and decorated with more ornament 
than had been originally beſtowed upon 1 12 
The exhibitions at 2% Globe ſeem to have been calcu- 


lated chiefly for the lower claſs of n thoſe at 


4 See Taylor's Staller, p. 3 , Ep. 22. + * 


. As gold is better that's in fier try'd, 


« So is the Bank- ſide Globe, that late was burn d; 
4 << For where before it had a thatched hide, 
& Now to a ſtately theator tis turn d.“ be 

See alſo Stowe's Chronicle, p. 1003. $M 

5 The Globe theatre, being contiguous to the B ee, when 
the ſports of the latter were over the ſame ſpectators probably reſort- 
ed to the former. The audits at the Bull and the Fortune were, 
it may be preſumed, of a claſs ſtill-nferiorto that of the Globe, The 
latter, being the theatre of his” ajeſty's ſervants, muſt neceffarily 
have had a ſuperior degree of reputation. At all of them, how- 
ever, it appears, that Nas and ſhew were what chiefly attracted an 

e. Our author ſpeaks in Hamlet of © berattling the\ mon Li. e. 
the e theatres. — alſo A rologue.ſpgken by a company of play- 
ers Wiko had ſeceded from the Fortune, p. 64, note 7; from whien 
we learn that the performers at that theatre, “ zo ſplit "the ears of the 
ground lings, "Wſed 6e to tear a paſſion to tatter:. - 

In ſome verſes addreſſed by Thomas Carew to Mr. faſterwardb bir 
ery + Avenant, “Upon his excellent Play, "The Fuſt Tralian, 2 
1630, J a ſimilar character of the Bull theatre: 

6 Now noiſe prevails ; and he is tax d for drowth 
ec Of wit, that with the cry ſpends not his mouth. 
„ thy ſtrong fancies, raptures of the braift® 
_ © Dreſs'd in poetick flames, they entertain 5 
As a bold impious reach; for they'll ſtill ſlight 

46 All that exceeds RED But. and Cockpit flight. » 

+ -- #& Theſe are the men in crowded heaps that throng ' 

« To that adulterate ſtage, where not a tongue 6 

Of the untun'd kennel can a line repeat 
44 Of ſerious ſenſe; but lik e lips meet like meat: 

C66 Whilſt the true Ftood of Den, that alone 

« Keep natura unſtrain'd action in her throne, 

ce Behold their benches bare, though they rehearſe 

ce The tiber Beaumont's or great Jonſon's verſe. | ith 

The true brood , actors were the pena at! Machfriars, i K 
The; uftTtali an Was acted. 8 | 
Ses alſo The Careleſs Shephberd:ſs, relates ae Salibury-court3 3 4tos 

3656 : 


And J will haſten to the money-box, * 

„ And take my Pilling out again; — 

« I'll goto TRE Burr, or FoxTuNE, and a ſee 
3 * A play for π-π⁹Ʒ˖-pence, and a jig to boot.“ 


a E4+ a Black-' 


#4 
20 


s HISTORICAL ACCOUNT. 
Blackfriars, for a more ſelect and judicious audience. 
This appears from the follgwing prologue to Shirley's 
Doubtful Heir, which is Inſerted among his Pg. | 
printed in 1646, with this title: 


Prologue at e GLOBE, to his Comedy called wa « 
| Doubtful Heir, which ſhould have been 3 22 at he wo” 
Blackfriars % | 
Gentlepen, I am only ſent to &, 8 + | 
Our ior did not calculate his play Ge a 
For hi5 meridian, The Ban ſide, he knows, * „ f 
4 ls far more ſxilful at the ebbs and flows FE —_ 
30 . For water than of wi ; 1. did not mean . 1 
For the elevation of your poles, this ſcene. a 
e No ſhews,—no ange,—and what you moſt de- % 
25 light in, * 2 { 
. Ste uriderſtanders?, here's no tar ergeht g 
pot the ſtage; all work for cutlers Dare A. . 
| 7 A vary: nor no ballads ; d es ha . 
"1 ut language clean, and, what: you not, | | 
| ithout impoſſibilities the ple? : ,; +, t 
, Ac „ No clown, mo ſquibs, no devil N . n 
«© Yo \qrels.that want nuts, what will vod dor 
7 Pra) do not crack the benches} and we may 
«« Hereafter fit your palates with a play. | 
But you that can contract yourſelves, and fit, 1 
As you were in the Blackfriars pit, r“ 
And will not deaf us with lewd noiſe and ee, 
hHecauſe we have no heart to break our Iungs, 
ö '$ «« Will pardon our waſt ſtage,» and not- diſgrace * 
„This play, meant for Jour perſons, not the 4 8 : 
* / The ſuperior diſcernment of the Blackfriars audfence 
may be likewiſe collected from a paſſage in the preface 
In the printed play, theſe words are omitted; want of whick 
renders the prologue perfectly unintelligible. - This Comedy Wesir. 
1 for the firſt time at the Globe, June 1, 1640. 5 2 | 
common people ſtood in the Globe theatre, in that part of the 3 „ 5 
B75 ＋ ry we now call the pit; which being lower than, the ſtage, 
Shirley calls them underſtanders. In the private playhouſes, it ap- 
pears from the ſubſequent lines, there were ſeats in the pit. 
Ben Jonſon has the ſame * * — we 6 5278 
3 of the 1 2 „ 


_ 


pref ed - 


* 


3 


8 


„5 © ä 
6 1 hoy: " ; 
w | 
. © - „ 
ö N | 
+ +» of Tur ENGLISK STAGE. "s7 


* 


prefixed by Heminge and Condell to the firſt folio edi- 
tion of our author's Works: = And though you be a 
magiſtrate of vb, and fit on the ſtage at Blacſiſrurs 
or the Cockpit, to arraigne plays dailie, know theſe 
plays have had their tryal y, and tod out all 
* appeales.. 
1 A writer alrgady quoted? NG us that one of theſe 
theatres was a Maler, and the other a ſummer, houſe ?. 
As the Globe was partly e {ed to the 1 and they 3 
* 1 there uſually by day light 3 It appeared gy me probals 
(when this Eſſay wag rig inahy 5 ubliſh 
was the ſumme heatre egal have te 


The kings ompany,t 
18 he month of May. . 
ng 4 8 = than at Bona,” 


1 
e Bankfede appears 339 hecbm 2 ' 


3 


— ae 
4 leſs nene bs an 1 2 1 ns Ms. 7 E.. 
„ Mad been ., ee neee 
922 W +0 : 


TA by PAs in a 


0. 1632: „ She was 


Bend 2 tha 


0 hree famoug amp N den hich ropes t 
her eye 4 take vie ee — e Fas 
*, +? == Continent H thy N, Ms Yes 54% be yeere World of beautſts 
4 d L yyy: + reſorted-unto it. The other was a Building of en ele 
7 hg dthoughywilg beaſts and gladifors did moſt poſſeſſe it 


| F Lears in, the title-page ef. the original Fos, print in 
3 4 1608, is laid to have been perforqed by his majeſty's ſeryants, pla 
1 uſually at the Seen 8 Banlefle.— geg alſo the licence granted Þy 
king James in 1603: * and the ſaid — 1. 5 4 22 
ſhew—as well within their now pLhouſe called the 0 
mention is made of their theatre in a . ; from which circum=,, 
Nance I ſuſpett that antecedent to that time dur poet's company played | 
only at the Globe, A dpurchaſed the Blackfriars theatre afterwg | 
the licenes grfinte by pom Qharles the Firſt to John He inge . 


his affociates in rhMhggr 26 25s they are authorized to exhibit plays, 
c. «as well within theſe zxvo their moſt uſual houſes called the os 


$ 6% 


in the county of Surrey, and their private houſes ſimatts withig 
pPrecinct of the Blatkfryers,—as alſo,” &c. Had they poſſe dad. t e 
Blackfriars eatre in 1603, it would probably have been mentioned 
in the former licence. In the following yt ar they certainly had poſ- # 
ſeſſion of it, for Marſton's Malecontent was acted chere! in 1604. 
* hes bs. Horkfof Taylor the Rn p. 171. edit. 1633. 


Ma 


0 oo thy SV. - \ 1 i * 8 8 * 
* N 
Tg ; | 4 * 


& a 


4 


; " 898 ® 


58 Hfs TOMCAL ACCOUNT 3 
Many of our ancient dramatick pieces (as has been 
already obſerved) were perſormkd in the yards of carri · 
ers inns, in which, in the beginning of queen Eliza. 4 
beth's reign, the comedians; who then firſt united them: 
ſelves in egthpanies, erected an occaſional ftage*, The 
form of theſe temporary, playhouſes ons to be pre- 
ſeryed in dur modern theatre. The galleries, in both, 
are ranged over each other on three of the build- 
* i. The ſmall rooms $1 nder the loweſt of theſe galle- 
mes ent, our preſe boxes; and it is r ®8 a 
that theſe, Wen in theatres which were built in a ſabſe- 
ſer expreſsly for dramatick exhibitions, {till re- 


their old name, and are frequently called ro] ,, 
t writers, The yard bears a Ment 55 „ 0% 


* 
the pit, as in uſe e may f | 
e c have Ken raked n chjs area LY 
Dich its back 40 the ae 1 F K nd at "hg 5 
ney. for admiſſion, Was taken. Thus, in 


| rere not ee might have > 


PMenee, in the fm Globe, un ts Ser the * 
her publi- „in 5 time of deare,, Ea ee 


* * N 7 77 ikea de erg . 


em E nge 
the 


= af 
0 bs 


Jo's, 14 


2 
TEEN 25s Mp — of 12 5 2 er 
eatres W e at that 


227 ſays, ſome mains e e ancient 
7 ſeen in 77 n-yards of the. Croſs-key in LY 
op 


be Ball in ſgate· ſtreet. « 
In the ſeventeen playhopſ@ ere ates between fb a £ 1570 and N 
on ile reckon te hong or 


o, the ontinuator of Stowe's Chr 
e mmon offeries turne into pla My SIP 
1 See a prologue to If thigghe not 4 good Play, t wes is ity quoted  , 
2 60, n. 1. Theſe roo ar to have been ſo ws, Ges A em oed, in 0 
Mfancy of the age, for a purpoſes of A, « Theſe plays“ 
* of 4s Strype in his additions to Stowe's 1 


Surve being commo 
ated on ſundays and feſtivals, the charge wed: forſaken, and t 
+ y-houſes thronged. Great inns were uſed for this, purpoſe, which f 
| t Uhathbers and places as well as ope es and galleries. * * 
ids and good citizens“ children were inveigled agd allured to * 
_ private unmeet contracts. He is ſpeaking of the yea 1574. | 
I s & In the playchoies at London, it is the faſhion of youthes to 
es firſt into the yarde, and to carry their eye through every gallery; 
en hs unto ravens, TE they v1 the cation, thither thew#ye, 


2 3 and 
* 
" 43 * * + 


. * 5 
* * 


4 

_ *®oF THE ENGLISH#STAGE?» 59 

5 ſod to fee the exhibition; from which circumſtance they 
bare called by our author ro dlings, and by Ben Jonſon 


2 
4 


„ „ the underſtanding gentlemen of the ground.” | 

The galleries, or Hon as they are ſometimes called, 

„ _ and that part of the houſe which in private theatres was 

* named the pit®, ſeem to have been at the ſame price; 

and probably in houſes ob reputation, ſuch as the Globe, 

and that in Blatiftiars, the price of admiſſion into thoſe 

parts of the theatre was ſix-pence 7, while in ſome meaner 
„3 . 

| and preſs as near to t e faĩreſt as they can. Play: Cin futed in Five 
| * ſeveral Actions, by Stephen Goſſon, 1580. Again, in keys Grls , 
Hor nebooke, 1609 : ** The ſtage, like time, will bring you to moſt 

| perfect light, and lay you open; neither are you to be hunted from 
1 thence, though the ſcar-crowwes in the yard hoot at you, hiſs at you, 
* 12 * 4 at you.“ So, in the proldgu to an old comedy called The Hog b 
£ $ | E 


Pearl, 16142 1 | > av" 
. = We may be pelted off for what We know, / . 
6 With apples, eggs, or ſtones, from thoſe belgw,” * 0g 
See alſo the prologue to The Dgubtful Heir, ante, pe BY x 
„ ard what ou moſt delight in, i 
bs | „Grave underftanders, ——: \" » 9 
. 65 The pit, Dr. Percy ſuppoſes to have recti xc its name from one 


of the playhouſes having been formerly a e account of 

the term, however, ſeems to be ſomewhat queſtignable, - The place 

where the ſeats are ranged in St. Mary's at Cambridge, is ſtill called 

the pit; and no one can ſuſpect that venerable fabrick of having ever 

_ 8 been a cock-pit, or that the phraſe was borrowed from a playhouſe to 

pF #* applied to a church, A pit is a place low in its relative ſituatiga, 
and ſuch is the middle part of a theatre, © " . 


9 | Shakſpeare himſelf uſes cock-pit to expreſs a ſmall confined fituationg ? 
without any particular reference: W 
6c Can this cock-pit hold . % OI 
| C The vaſty fields of Frangg,—or may wg cram, ® 
| « Within this wooden Q, ghE'very caſqſues 
* 6c That did affright the air at Agincourt?“ | : 
9 7 See an old collection of tales, entitled Mis, Elegy and Fancles, 


We: 595: „ When the great man had read the actors letter, he pre- 

tly, in anſwere to At, took a ſheet of paper, and folding fixpence up 
init, fealed it, ſubſcri8% „and ſent it to his brother; intimati 

„ thereby, that though his brother had vowed not in ſgyen;years ts ſhe 

bim, yet he for his fxpence could come and ſee him upon the tage at 

his pleaſure® ., 5 OR, + | 

So, in the induction to The Magnetick Lady, by Ben Jonſon, which 

was firſt repreſented in October, 1632: Not the fæces or grounds 

of your'people, that fit in the oblique caves and wedges of your houſe, 

Joaliflaful fixpenny mechanicks.” 8 


5 


* 


F >» % 


" £ 
wy E 
2 

. Ws 


> 2 


= 


5 f : * * 


7 1 7 4 
* 42 * * 
2 


60® « HISTORICAL ACCounT'® F> 


layhouſes it was only a penny.5, in others two; bende. 2 
The price of en ind the eſt; rooms Or Nes * 
was * 


See below, Verſes gddrefied to Fletcher on his Faithful Shephetdeſre 
That there were ſixpenny places at the Blackfriars playhouſe, ap- 
| pears from the- epilogue to Mayne's Ciry Match, which was 95 at 
that theatre in 1637, being licenſed on the 17th of W In 
that year: 
«© Not that he fears his name can ſuffer wrack | 
« From them, who fixpence pay, and fi ncegrick ; 3 
1 6 To ſuch he wrote not, though ſome Parts have been 
3 ce So like here, that they to themſelves came in.“ S ; 
"ll. 5 s 80; in Wit witbout Money, by Fletcher: “ — break in cf plays like 
| 
N | prentices for three a groat, and crack nuts with 8 ſcholars, in penny 


— — - — 
— - =- 
- - þ _— > 
* — 
* — * - _ - 
8 V. — — — 
_ 2 IS ax? * 
A * - - 
© bo p q bl og —— — 


— * 
—— — po —_— 
5 — — 


- — — —— 5 
3 — oe wo 
"- 


AAS; 


— — — 
— 8 
* 88 . — ro ren ww 


* * A 7 
4 —__ 


o teach ſtage-parrots ſpeale for Penny pleaſure ?'* | 
9 m Por thy t2po-pence to a player, in this gallery you may ſit * a 


1k | rooms again. 4 6 
ll Again, in Decker's Guls Hornebioke,. 1 9 40 You groundlin Fo 4 

l , 254 gallery commoner buys his ſport by the . * 9 

| Again, in Humours CO where a Man may be ver merric and | 
I} a evell uſed for bis Sixpence, no date 2 8 

| | 1 Win you ſtand ſpending your, invention's treaſure, # 

| 


1 | harlot.“ 'Bell-ma#'s Night- wall, by Decker, 1616. 5 
it Again, in the prologue to the Woman-bater, by Beatmont and 
: Fletcher, 1607 : #6 * the utter diſcomfiture of all e gal- 
lery men. = 
« It appears fem a — * in The Roaring Girl, a comedy by Mid- 9 
dleton and Decker, 1611, that there was a teuo-penny gallery in the 8 
91 Fortune playhouſe: © One of them is Nip; I took him onte at the 
1 abo - penny gallery at the Fortune. See alſo above, p. 55, n, 5. 28 
„ 1 The boxes in the theatre at Blackfriars were probably ſmall, and 
appear to have been encloſed in the ſame manner as at preſent. See a 
letter from Mr. Garrard, dated January 25, 1635, Straff. Letters, | 
Vol, I. p. $5: A little pique happened betwixt the duke of Lenox 
* and the lord chamberlain, about a 60 7 at a new play in the Blackfri« 
e 


* 
e 


ars, of which the duke had got the key; which if it had come to be + K& ? 
debated betwixt them, as it was once intended, ſome heat or ere — 7 
other inconvenience micht have happened.“ | 
In the Globe and the other publick theatres, the boxes were of con- : 
fiderable fize. See the prologue to IF this. be not a good Play, the Devil _ " 
is in it, by Decker, ated at the Red Ball 6 E FR | 
EE ey — Give me that man, ; a 92 


«© Who, when the plague of an impoſthum'd brains, 
4 Breaking out, infects a theatre, and hotly reigns, 
« Killing the hearers' hearts, that the vaſt rooms 
c Stand empty, like ſo many dead men's tombs, 
« Can call the baniſh'd auditor Wanne dec. is 
5 


4 Ye 


oy 


1 


& 
| | F 

* * 

2 


61 


F rom 
 - to be here deſcribing his N B. 3 whoſe plays 

were generally performed to a thin audience. See #erſes on our au- 

by Leonard Digges, Vol. I. Part I. p. 213. 

2 If he have but zavelvepence in his purſe, he will give it for the 

As in a playhouſe,” Sir Thomas Overbury's Characters, 1614. 
„. the prologue to our author's Xing Henry VIII: 

Thoſe that come to ſee 


5 4 < Only a ſhew or two, and fo agree 


Wl play may pals, if they be ſtil] and willing, 
| undertake may | 


ſee away their ſpilling 


wo ſhort hours.” 


wm a gopy of verſes prefixed to Maſlinger's Baden, 1624: 


0 


* 


eader, if you have diſburs'd a ſpilling 
o ſee this worthy ſtory,” 


1 in; in the Gals Hornebooke, 1609 : (c At a new play you take 
up 1 room next the ſtage, becauſe the lords and you may | 


25 . to be hail fellow Well met.“ 
# o lafe as in the year 4655 we find the following advertiſement at 
5 end of a piece called The Cruelty of the Spaniards in Peru, by Sir 


illiam D* Avenant? « Notwithſtanding the great expence neceſſary 
® ta 1 and other ornaments, in this entertainment, there is good 
provifieh"made of places for a ſpilling, and it ſhall 3 begin at 
three in the afternoon.” 

In the Scornful Lady, which was acted by the children of the Re- 
vels at Mackfriars, and printed in 1616, one- and ſix- penny places are 
mentioned. * 

3 See the prologue to The Queen of Arragon, a tragedy b Ha ing- 
ton; acted at Blackfriars in Me = n * 

& Ere we en that no man may repent * 
&« Two ſhilli ings and his time, the author ſent. 


„ e The prologue, with the errors of his play, 


6 That who will May take his money, and away.” 
Again, in the epilogue to Mayne's City Match, acted at Blackfriars, 
in Never, 1637: 
@ Whothi who callt Fa rt to make a face, 
o think they judge, when they frown i* the wrong place, 
ho, if theyelpealg t ill o' the poet, doubt 
1 ey loofe by the play, nor have their 228 Hillings out, 
66 He ſays, & c. 
4 See Wit ⁊uitbout pong a comedy, acted at The Pheenix | in Drury- 
lane before 1620: : 
« And who extoll'd You into the balf-crown bg 
« Where you might fit and muſter all the bea _ 


In 


3s; 


7 5 * 
P's 
8 
22 
3 EE 9 
62 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT. , ,*%*. 
From ſeveral paſſages in our old plays we learn, th * 


ſpectators were admitted on the ſtages, and that e 
criticks and wits of the time ufually fat there F Joe 
” > % 
| 5 % nh, 


Were placed on the ground 7; others ſat on 01 of . 
which the price was either fixpence *, or a ſhilling@acs © © 
- 


> co i z. 1 
In the play-houſe called the, Hope on the Bankſide, there 2 
different- priced ſeats, from ſixpence to half a crown, See the « 
tion to Bartholomewv Fair, by Ben Jonſon, 1614. „R 
. 5 So, in A Mad World by Maſters, by Middleton, 1608: “ TR 
actors have been found in a morning in leſs compaſs than thes age, 
though it were ne'er ſo full of gentlemen.” See allo p. i a 
| 6 cc to fair attire the ſtage . 1 bo 
«« Helps much; for if our other Midience ſee hp 
k cc You on the flage depart, before we end, * +. 
; go — 2 3 " i. 
Io « Our wits go with you all, and we are fools,” ®: | 
5 Prologue to All Fools, a comedy, acted at Blackfriars, 16052 * 5 
« By ſitting on the ſtage, you have a ſign'd patent to Engrofle the © # 
whole commoditie of cen/ure ; may lawfully preſume to b&a girdpr, 
and ſtand at the helm to fteer the paſſage of ſcenes.” Guls reel * 
2609. & 5 if 3 1 »h 2 
0 + See alſo the preface to the firſt folio edition of our author works: $, | 
And though you be a magiftrate of wit, and it on thaftage at 
Blackfriars, to arraigne plays dailie,—.“ * a 1 
* 7 & Being on your feet, ſneake not away like a coward, but ſalyte © 
all your gentle acquaintanceſgbat are ſpred eitber on the or on 2 F 
ſtooles about you; and draw what troope you can from the ſtage after 5 
vou. Decker's Guls Hor nebocke, 1609. So allo, in Fletcher's Queen _. 
of Corinth: | 35 | L N 
& I would not yet be pointed at as he is, @ ®* 
« For the fine courtier, the woman's man, $ 
cc That tells my lady ſtories, diſſolves riddles, * 
% Ulhers her to her coach, lies at ber feet 
& At ſolemn maſgues.'? 
From —— in Eng Henry IV. P. J. it may be preſume thas 
this was no uncommon practice in private Aſſemblies alſo: | 4 
« She bids you on the wanton ruſhes lay you down, 
& And reſt your gentle head upon her la, 
«©: And ſhe willging the ſong that . ? 5 * 
This accounts for Hamlet's ſitting on the ground a Ophem's feet, #, 
during the repreſentation of the play hefore the king and court of x 
Denmark. Our author has only placed the young prince in the fame 
fituation in which probably his patrons Eſſex and Southampton were 
often ſeen at the feet of ſome celebrated beauty. What ſome choſe 
from economy, gallantry might have recmmended to others. 
s « By Sitipg on the ftagey you may with ſmall coſt purchaſe the 
ol | . = OBA? deere 


1 


5 


— 


i he Globe and the other publick 


8 


FP 
5 LE 
* 


n THE ENGLISH STAGE 63 
cording, I ſuppoſe, to the commodiovineſs of the fitua- 
«tions And they were attended by pages, who furniſhed 


them with pipes and tobacco, which was ſmoked herè as 
well as in other aue the houſe. Yet it ſhould ſeem 


that perſons were ſuffered to fit on the ſtage only in the 
private playhouſes, (ſuch as Blackfriars, &c.) where the 
audience was more ſelect, and of a higher claſs; and that 
gene was permitted“. 3 
8 | The 
Ke cquaintance of the boyes, have a good foo! for Fxperce,” 
. | 


Again, ibidem 7 * Preſent not your ſelfe on the ſtage, (eſpecially 


at a new play,) untill the quaking prologue—is ready to enter; for then 
it is time, as though you 4 one of the properties, or that you dropt 


of [i. e. off] the hanging, to creep from behind the arras, with your 
tripos, orthree-legged ſtoole, in one hand, and a zefion mounted be- 
tween a fore- finger and a thumbe, in the yl 

9 5 Theſe are moſt worne and moſt in ion 


% 46 Amongſt the bever gallants, the ſtone- riders, | 
„„ Phe private ftage's audjencey the rwelwepenny-floole gentlemdb 
; » The Roaring Girl, a comedy by Middleton and Decker, 1611, 
So, in the Induction to Marſtog's Malcontent, 1604: © By God's 
wn you but ſfixpence for youf ſtool.“ 
and the price of the moſt commo- 


Lid if you had, I would have gi 

This therefore was the loweſt tate 

dious ſtools on the ſtage was a ill. 
- 1 66 When young Roper: goes to ſee a play, 
„His pleaſure is, you place him on the flage, 

« The better to demonſtrate his array, 

cc And how he fits attended by bis page, 

c That only ſerves to fill thoſe pipes with ſmoke, 


« For which he pawned hath his riding - cloak... [i $ 
 vSpringes for Woodcocks, by Henry Parrot, 1513. 
Again, in Skialetheia, a collection of Epigrams and Satftes, 1598; 


6% See you him yonder who fits o'er the ſtage, 
& With the robacco-pipe now at his mouth?“ 


This, however, was accounted * a cuſtom more honoured in the 
breach than the obſervance z?* as appears from a fſatiricalepigram by 


Sir John Davies, 1598: % 
| C Who dares affirm that Sylla dares not fight? 
«© He that dares take tobacco on the Rage; d 


66 Dares man a whoore at noon-day through the ſtreet z% 
6 Dares dance in Pauls; &c. 1 


2 2 See the induction to Marſton's 
ed by his majeſty's ſervants at &lackfriars 5 ® 
* % Tyreman 


ag 


# 


theatres, no ſuch li- 


* 
Malecontent, 1604, which was act. 


2 * * & I {i 
* 
PE 8 # 
. : 3 33 | 7 7 . 
„ israel ACCOUNT . -  , 


The ſtage was ſtrewed with raſhes s, which, we learti © þ, 
from Hentzner and Caius de Ephemera, was in the c 
time of Shakſpeare the qſual ebe es floors in Eng-. 
land“. On ſome occaſions it was entirely matted over? 
but this was probably very rare, The curtain which 
hangs in the front ef the preſent ſlage, drawn up by lines 
and pullies, though not a modern invention, (for it was 

uſed by Inigo Jones in the maſques at court,) was yet Ar 
apparatus to Which the ſimple mechaniſm of our aneie 
theatres had not arrived; for in them the curtains open- * 
ed in the middle, and were drawn backwards and fof 
wards on an iron rod s. In ſome playhouſes they were 


woollen, in others, made of ſilk 7. Towards the rear of 
| hs the 


# 
* 


* 


X # * » ? : 
« Tyreman. Sir, the gentlemen will be 8 if you fit here, * 
Sly. Why, we may ſit upon the ſtage at the private houles Thou 


doſt not take me for a Winery gentleman, doſt? Doeſt thou think 
I fear hifling? Let them that have ſtale ſuits, fit in the galleries, hils 


A a, > «- | ; 
E: alſo The Roaring G'rl, „y lighten „he private ſagt's 
audience. — Ante, p. 63, n. 9. 8 
3 6 On the very ruſhes where the comedy is to daunce, yea, and un- 
der the Trate of Cambyſes himſelfe, muſt our feather'd eftridge, like a 
piece of ordnance, be plante&valjantly, becauſe impudently, beating 
down the mews and hiſſes of the oppoſed raſcality.“ Decker's Guls« | 
Hor nebookee = 8 
4 See alſo Ben Jonſon's Every Man out of his Humour, 1600: 
« Fore G-, ſweet lady, believe it, I do honour the meaneſt rufp in 
this chamber for your love.” | | 
See p. 54, n. 3. E | 
The epilogue to Tancred and Giſmund, a traged$ 1 592, concludes 
us * 


56 Ne draw the curtaines, for our ſcene is done,” : 
Again, in Lady Alimony, 1659 : Be your ſtage-curtains artificially 
drawn, and ſo covertly ſhrowded, that the ſquint-eyed groundling may 
not peep in. 1 . 
See alſo a ſtage- direction in The Firſt Day's Entertainment at Rutland 
Houſe, by Declamation and Muſick, after the manner of the Ancients, by 
Sir William D'Avenant, 1658: ; 
„ The ſong ended, theTurtains are dratmun open again, and the epi- 
logue enters. 5 ö 5 | 
7 See A Prologue upon removing of the late Fortune Players to the 
Bull, by J. Tatham; Fancies Theatre, 1640: . 
1 * 5 6 Here 


** 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 65 
the ſtage there appears to have been a balcony*®, or up- 
per ſtage; the platform of which was probably eight or 
nine feet from the ground. I ſuppoſe it to have been 
ſupported by pillars. From hence, in many of our old 
plays, part of the dialogue was ſpoken ; and in the front 
of it curtains likewiſe were hung“, fo as occaſionally to 
conceal the perſons in it from the view of the audience. 


Here gentlemen our anchor's fixt z and we, 
4 Diſdaining Fortunes mutability, 
«© Expect your kind acceptance; then we'll ſing, 
„ (Protected by your ſmiles, our ever-ſpring,) 
| (c As pleaſant as if we had ſtill poſſeſt 
6 Our lawful portion out of Forrune's breaſt. 
„ Only we would requeſt you to forbear 
& Your wonted cuſtom, banding tile and pear 
ce A gainſt our curtgins, to allure us forth; 
cc ] pray, take north, theſe are of more worth; 
« Pure Naples filk, not wworfted. —We have ne'er 
c An actor here has mouth enough to tear 
& Language by the ears. This forlorn hope ſhall be 
By us refin'd from ug groſs injury: 2 
C And then let your judicious loves advance 
< Us to our merits, them to their ignorance.” 
8 See Nabbes's Covent Garden, a comedy, 1639 : 
«© Enter Dorothy and Suſan, in the balcone. 
So, in The Virgin Martyr, by Maſſinger and Decker, 1622 : 

« They whiſpeting below, Enter, above, Sapritius ;——with him Ar- 
temia the princeſs, Theophiius, Spungius, and Hercius.” And theſe - 
five perſonages ſpeak from this elevated ſituation during the whole ſcene, 

Again, in Mariton's Fazone, 1606: | | 

«« Whilſt the act [i. e. the muſick between one act and another] is 
a playing, Hercules and Tiberio enters; Tiberio climbs the tree, and is 
received above by: Dulcimel, Philocalia and a prieſt z Hercules ſtays 
beneath,” | | 

See alſo the early quarto edition of our author's Romeo and Fuliet, 
where we meet“ Enter Romeo and Juliet, aloft. So, in The Ta- 
ming of a Shrew (not Shakſpeare's play): - Enter aloft the drunkard.”” 
—Almoſt the whole of the dialogue in that play between the tinker 
and his attendants, appears to have been ſpoken in this balcony. 

In Middleton's Family of Leve 1608, ſignat. B 2. b. it is called the 
upper ſtage. | = 

9 This appears from a ſtage- direction in Maſſinger's Emperor of the 
Eaſt, 1632 : The curtaines drawn above: Theodofius and his eu- 
nuchs diſcovered.” Again, in King Henry VIII. 

c Let them alone, and draw the curtain cloſe." 
Henry here ſpeaks from the balcony, 


Vor. I. PART II. 17 8 At 


6. HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
At each ſide of this balcony was a box, very incon» 
veniently ſituated, which ſometimes was called the privare 
Box. | In theſe boxes, which were at a lower price, ſome 
perſons ſate, either from economy or ſingularity *. 
How little the imaginations of the audience were aſſiſt- g 
ed by ſcenical deception, and how much neceſſity our 
author had to call on them to piece out imperfections 
with their thoughts, may be collected from Sir Philip 
Sidney, who, deſcribing the ſtate of the drama and the 
ſtage, in his time, (about the year 1583, ) ſays, ** Now 
vou ſhall have three ladies walk to gather flowers, and 
then we mult beleeve the ſtage to be a garden. By and 
by we heare news of ſhipwrack in the ſame place; 
then we are to blame, if we accept it not for a rock. 
Upon the back of that, comes out a hidious monſter with 
fire and ſmoke ; and then the miſerable beholders are 
bound to take it for a cave; while in the mean time two 


cc Whether therefore the gatherers of the publique or private play- 
houſe ſtand: to receive the afternoons rent, let our gallant, having paid 
It, preſently advance himſelf to the throne of the ſtage. I mean not 
into tbe lords roome, which is now but the ſtages ſuburbs. No, thoſe 
boxes, by the iniquity of cuſtom, conſpiracy. of waiting-women, and 
gentlemen-uſhers,. that there ſweat together, and the covetous ſharers, 
Lare contemptibly. thruſt into the reare, and much new ſatten is there 
dambd, by being ſmother'd to death in darkneſs. Decker's Gul: 
Hornebooke, 1609. So, in the prologue to an old comedy, of which 
I have loſt the title: | | 
„„The private box took up at a new play, 
66 For me and my retinue; a freſh habit 
« Of a faſhion never ſeen before, to draw. 
| 6 The gallants? eyes, that fit upon the ſtage.” | 
See alſo Epigrams by Sir John Davies, no date, but printed at 
Middleburgh, about 1598 : | | 
| &. Rufus, the courtier, at the theatre, 
Leaving the beſt and moſt conſpicuous place, 
c Doth either to the ſtage himſelf transfer, 
Or through à grate doth ſhew his double face, 
“ For that the clamourous fry of innes of court, 
„ Fills up the private roomes of greater price; 
& And ſuch a place where all may have reſort, 
4“ He in his ſingularity doth deſpiſe.” ET 
It is not very eaſy to aſcertain the preciſe ſituation of theſe private 
boxes. A print prefixed to Kirkman's Dro/ls, 1673, induces me to 
think that they were at each ſide of the ſtage-balcony. : 
2 = | __ armies 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE, 67 
armies fly in, reprefented with four ſwords and bucklers, 
and then what hard hart wil not receive it for a pitched 
field ?.*? | | 

The firſt notice that I have found of any thing like 
moveable ſcenes being uſed in England, is in the 
narrative of the entertainment given to king James at 
Oxford in Auguſt 1605, when three plays were per- 
formed in the hall of Chriſt Church, of which we 
have the following account by a contemporary writer. 

«© The ſtage” (he tells us) was built cloſe to the 
upper end of the hall, as it ſeemed at the firſt ſight z 
but indeed it was but a falſe wall faire painted, and 
adorned with ſtately pillars, which pillars would turn 
about; by reaſon whereof, with the help of other painted 
clothes, their ſtage did vary three times in the acting of 
one tragedy: that is, in other words, there were three 
ſcenes employed in the exhibition of the piece. The 
ſcenery was contrived by Inigo Jones, who is deſeribed 
as a great traveller, and who undertook to“ further his 
employers much, and furniſh them with rare devices, 
but produced very little to that which was expected. 

It is obſervable that the writer of this account was not 
acquainted even with the term, /cene, having uſed painted 
clothes inſtead of it: nor indeed 1s this ſurprifing, it not be- 
ing then found in this ſenſe in any dictionary or vocabu- 
lary, Engliſh or foreign, that I have met with. Had the 
common ſtages been furniſhed with them, neither this 
writer, nor the makers of dictionaries, could have 
been ignorant of it“. To effect even what was done at 


Chriſt- 

2 Defence of Poeſie, 1595. Signat. H 4. 

3 Leland. Collec. Vol. II. pp - 631, 646. Edit. 1770. See alſo P- 
639: „The ſame day, Auguſt 28, after ſupper, about nine of the clock 
they began to act the tragedy of Ajax Flagellifer, wherein the ſtage 
varied three times. They had all goodly antique apparell, but for all 
that, it was not acted ſo well by many degrees as I have ſeen it in Cam- 


bridge. The king was very wearie before he came thither, but much 


more wearied by it, and ſpoke many words of diſlike.” 

4 Florio, who appears to have diligently ſtudied our cuſtoms, 
illuſtrating his explanations on many occaſions by Engliſh proverbs, ſay- 
ings, local deſcriptions, &c. in his Italian Dictionary, 1598, defines 
Scena, in theſe words: „ A ſcene of a comedie, or tragedie. Alſo a 


ſtage in a theatre, or playhouſe, whereon they play; a ſkaffold, a a 
F 2 pavillion, 


| 

{! 
9 

1 


PPP — —— —— — — —— "a RES ORs > 


P ² ec. ̃7˙b ... . —⏑%⏑ 6—ßÜ ee 


« —ͤ——öd2—b— —ʃ CE DCE CS, 


_ 


| 
| 
. 
f 
1 


68 .HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


Chriſt-Church, the Univerſity found it neceſſary to 
employ two of the king's carpenters, and to have the 
advice of the controller of his works. The Queen's 
Maſque, which was exhibited in the preceding January, 
was not much more ſucceſsful, though above /. 3000 
was expended upon it. At night,“ ſays Sir Dudley 


pavillion, or fore part of a theatre, <vbrre players make them readie, 
being trimmed with bangings, out of which they enter upon the ſtage. 
Uſed alſo for a comedie or a tragedie. Alſo a place where one doth ſhew - 
and ſet forth himſelfe to the world.“ In his ſecond edition, publiſhed 
in 1611, inſtead of the words, „A ſcene of a comedie or tragedie, 
we find Any one ſcene or entrance of a comedie or tragedie,” which 
more preciſely aſcertains his meanings. 

In Cotgrave's French and Engliſh Dictionary printed in 1611, the 
word ſcene is not found, and if it had exiſted either in France or Eng- 
land, (in the ſenſe in which we are now conſidering it,) it would proba- 
bly have been found. From the word falot, the definition of which I 
ſhall have occaſion to quote hereafter, the writer ſeems to have been 
not unacquainted with the Engliſh ſtage. | 
Bullokar, who was a phyfician, publiſhed an Engliſh Expoſitor in 
the year in which Shakſpeare died. From his definition likewiſe it ap- 
pears, that a moveable painted ſcene was then unknown in our theatres, 
He. defines Scene, A play, a comedy, a tragedy, or the diviſion of 
a play into certain parts. In old time it ſignified a place covered with 
boughes, or the room where the players made them readie.” Min- 
ſheu's large Engliſh Dictionary, which he calls A Guide to the Tongues, 
was publiſhed in the following year, 1617, and there Scene is nothing 
more than © a theatre.” Nay, even fo late as in the year 1656, when 
Cockeram's Engliſh Dictionary, or Interpreter of bard Engliſh words 
was publiſhed, Scene is only ſaid to be “ the diviſion of a play into 
certain parts. LD 

Had our Engliſh theatres in the time of Shakſpeare been furniſhed 
with moveable ſcenes, painted in perſpective, can it be ſuppoſed that 
all theſe writers ſhould have been ignorant of it? 

It is obſervable that Coryate in his Crudities, 4to. 1611, when he is 
boaſting of the ſuperior ſplendour of the Engliſh theatres, . compared 
with thoſe of Venice, makes no mention of ſcenes. I was at one 
of their playhouſes, where ] ſaw a comedie. The houſe is very beg- 
garly and baſe in compariſon of our flately playhouſes in England: 
neither can their actors compare with us, for apparel, ſhows, and mu- 
ficke. Crudities, p. 247. | 

It is alſo worthy of remark that Mr. Chamberlaine, when he is ſpeak- 
ing of the fate of the performers at the Fortune theatre, when it was 
burnt down in 1621, laments that © their apparel and pl/ay-hooks were 
loſt, whereby thoſe poor companions were quite undone z* but ſays not 
a word of ſcenes. See alſo Sir Henry Wotton's letter on the burning 

of the Globe in 1613, Pe 54z Ne Zo | 
| | Carleton, 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 69 


Carleton, „ we had the Queen's Maſke in the Ban- 


queting-houſe, or rather her Pageant. There was a 
great engine at the lower end of the room, which had 
motion, and in it were the images of ſea-horſes, (with 
ether terrible fiſnes,) which were ridden by the Moors. 
The indecorum was, that there was all fiſh, and no wa- 
ter. At the further end was a great ſhell in form of a 
ſkallop, wherein were four ſeats; on the lowelt fat the 
queen with my lady Bedford; on the reſt were placed 
the ladies Suffolk, Darby, '&c. Such were moſt of the 
Maſques in the time of james the Firſt: triumphal cars, 
caſtles, rocks, caves, pillars, temples, clouds, rivers, 
tritons, &c. compoſed the principal part of their deco- 

ration. In the courtly maſques given by his ſucceſſor 
during the firſt fifteen years of his reign, and in ſome 
of the plays exhibited at court, the art of ſcenery 


5 Letter from Sir Dudley Carleton to Mr, Winwood, London, Jan, 
1604, [i. e. 1604-5,] Winwood's Memorials, II. 43. This letter con- 
tains ſo curious a trait of our Britiſh Solomon, that I cannot forbear 
tranſcribing another paſſage from it, though foreign to our preſent ſub- 
ject. © On Saint John's day we had the marriage of Sir Philip Her- 
bert and the Lady Sufan performed at Whitehail, with all the honour 
could be done a great favourite, The Court was great, and for that 
dayput on the beſt bravery.—At night there was a Maſk in the hall, 
which for conceit and faſhion was ſuitable to the occaſion. The preſents 
of plate and other things given by the noblemen [to the bride and 
bridegroom | were valued at 2500l. ; but that which made it a good 
marriage, Was a gift of the king's of 5001. land, for the bride's join= 
tuie. They were lodged in the council: chamber, where the king 
in bis ſhirt end night-gowwn gave them a reveille-matin before they were 
up, and ſpent a-good time in or upon the bed, chooſe which you will 
believe. No ceremony was omitted of bride-cakes, points, garters, 
and gloves, which have been ever ſince the livery of the court; and 
at night there was ſewing into the ſheet, caſting of the bride's left 
hoſe, with many other petty ſorceries.”” 

Our poet has been, cenſured for indelicacy of language, particularly 
in Hamlet“s converſation with Ophelia, during the repreſentation of 
the play before the Court of Denmark; but unjuſtly, for he undoubt- 
edly repreſented the manners and converſation of his own day faithfully. 
What the decorum of thoſe times was, even in the higheſt claſs, may 
be conjectured from another paſſage ! in the ſame letter: The night's 
work | the night of the queen's maſque] was concluded with a banquet 
in the great chamber, which was ſo furioully aſſaulted, that down went 
table and treſſes, before one bit was touched.” Such was the court of 
King James the Firſt, 8 | 

F 3 ſeems 


— — K — 4 2 


Sr 


r Ee ee ie ee a 


1 
iq 


50 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


ſeems to have been ſomewhat improved. In 1636 
a piece written by Thomas Heywood, called Lowe's 
Miſtreſs or the Queen's Maſque, was repreſented at Den- 
mark Houſe before their Majeſties. For the rare de- 
corements** (ſays Heywood in his preface) which new 
apparelled it, when it came the ſecond rime to the royal 
view, (her gracious majeſty then entertaining his high- 
neſs at Denmark Houſe upon his birth-day,) I cannot pre- 
termit to give a due character to that admirable artift 
Mr. Inigo Jones, maſter ſurveyor of the king's worke, 
 &c, who to every ad, nay almoſt to every ſcene, by his 

excellent inventions gave ſuch an extraordinary luſtre ; 
upon every occaſion. changing the ſtage, to the admiration 
of all the ſpectators.“ Here, as on a former occaſion, we 
may remark, the term /cene is not uſed : the fage was 
changed to the admiration of all the ſpectators ®. 

In Auguſt 1636, The Royal Slave, written by a very 
2 poet, William Cartwright, was acted at Oxford 
before the king and queen, and afterwards at -Hampton- 
Court. Wood informs us“, that the ſcenery was an 
exquiſite and uncommon piece of machinery, contrived 

by Inigo Jones. 'The play was printed in 1639; and 
yet even at that late period, the term /cere, in the ſenſe 
now affixed to it, was unknown to the author; for deſcrib- 
Ing the various ſcenes employed in this court-exhibition, 
hedenominates them thus: The firſt Appearance, a temple 
of the ſun.—Second Appearance, a city in the front, and 
a priſon at the fide,**&c. The three other Appearances 
In this play were, - a wood, a palace, and a caſtle. 

In every diſquiſition of this kind much trouble and 
many words might be ſaved, by defining the ſubje& of 
diſpute. Before therefore I proceed further in this in- 
quiry, I think it proper to ſay, that by a /cere, I mean, 
A painting 7» perſpective on a cloth faſtened to a wooden 
Frame or roller; and that I do not mean by this term, 


6 If in our author's time the publick ſtage had been changed, or, in 
other words, had the Globe and Blackfriars playhouſe been furniſhed 
with ſcenes, would they have created ſo much admiration at a royal en- 
tertainment in 1636, twenty years after his death ? 


* Hif er Antig, Univ. Oxon, l. 1. P. 344. « a coffin 
- 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 71 


<< a coffin, or a tomb, or a gilt chair, or a fair chain of 


pearl, or a crucifix:“ and 1 am the rather induced to 
make this declaration, becauſe a writer, who obliquely 
alluded to the poſition which I am now maintaining, 
ſoon after the firſt edition of this Eſſay was publiſhed, has 
mentioned exhibitions of this kind as a proof of the ſcenery 
of our old plays; and taking it for granted that the point 
is completely eſtabliſhed by this decifve argument, tri- 
umphantly adds, Let us for the future no more be told 
of the want of proper /cezes and dreſſes in our ancient 
theatres 7.“ | 


| ; A paſſage 
7 cc My preſent purpoſe,” ſays this writer, © is not ſo much to de- 
ſcribe this dramatick piece, | The Second Maiden's Tragedy, written in 
2610 or 16115] a: to ſhew that it bears abundant teſtimony to the uſe 
of ents hag the richneſs of the habits then worn. Theſe particulars 
will be ſufficiently exemplified by the following ſpeeches, and ſtage- 
directions: | | | 
« Enter the Tyrant agen at a farder door, which opened brings him 
to the tomb, where the lady lies buried. 1 he Toombe here dilcover- 
ed, richly ſet forthe.” 
Some lines are then quoted from the ſame piece, of which the fol- 
Jowing are thoſe which alone are material to the preſent point: | 
6 Tyrant.—Softlee, ſoftlee; — 
c The vaults e' en chide our ſteps with murmuring ſounds. 
4 — — All thy ſtill ſtrength, 
4% Thow grey-eyde monument, ſhall not keep her from us. 
< Strike, villaines, thoe the eccho raile us all 
ce Into ridiculous deafnes; pierce the jawes 
£ Of this could ponderous creature. — 
« O, the moone riſes: What reflection 
4 Js throwne around this ſanctified buildinge ! 
« Een in'a twinkling how the monuments glitter, 
* As if Death's pallaces were all maſſe ſylver, 
„ And ſcorn'd the name of marble !” 
ce Is it probable,” (adds this writer) that ſuch directions and ſpeeches 
ſhould have been hazarded, unleſs at the ſame time they could be ſup- 
ported and countenanced by correſponding ſcenery ? 
4 I ſhall add two more of the ſtage- directions from this tragedy.— 
& On a ſodayne in a kinde of noyſe like a wynde, the dores clattering, 
the toombeſtone flies open, and a great light appears in the midſt of 
the toombe; his lady, as went owt, ſtanding in it before hym all in 
white, ſtuck with jewells, and a great crucifix on her breaſt. Again: 
« They bring the body in a chayre, dreſt up in black velvet, which 
ſetts off the paillnes of the hands and face, and a faire chayne of pearle 


croſs the bicaſt, and the crucifix above it,“ &c. 
F 4 « Let 


2 » 
_ . 2 


DT AGE 2-2 5 an > —ä— — rn — 


— 


A. 


an cat contin 


n 


— — 


—— Ine Re > 


WAS ———— — n 


* — —— ets. — — 2 2 — ——— 


72 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


A paſſage which has been produced from one of the 
old comedies *, proves that the common theatres were 
furniſhed with ſome rude pieces of machinery, which 
were uſed when it was neceſſary to exhibit the deſcent of 
ſome god or ſaint; but it is manifeſt from what has been 
already ſtared, as well as from all the contemporary 
accounts, that the mechaniſm of our ancient theatres 
ſeldom went beyond a tomb, a painted chair, a ſinking 
cauldron, or a trap-door, and that none of them had 

- Moveable ſcenes. When king Henry VIII. is to be diſ- 
covered by the dukes of Suffolk and Norfolk, reading in 
his ſtudy, the ſcenical direction in the firſt folio, 1623, 
(which was printed apparently from playhouſe copies, ) 
is, The king draws the curtain, li. e. draws it open | 
and fits reading penſi wely ;” for, beſide the principal 


g curtains that hung in the front of the ſtage, they uſed 
j others as ſubſtitutes for ſcenes?, which were denomi- 
nated 


_ — Sn 9 =” > 
— — —— 2 2 5 . — — 
N — — . - ”% — 
— 
” — — — —— — * = 


Will! < Let us for the future, Mr. Baldwin, be told with leſs confidence 
of the want of proper Scenes and dreſſes in our ancient theatres,” '—Let- 
| ter in The St. Fames's Chronicle, May, 1780. 
To all this I have only to ſay, that it never has been aſſerted, at 
| leaſt by me, that in Shakſpeare's time a tomb was not repreſented on 
3 | | the ſtage. The monument of the Capulets was perhaps repreſented 
h in Romeo and Juliet, and a wooden ſtructure might have been uſed for 
| 
{ 
| 


—  ____—_— 
= 


—— — 
— 
= 


— — 8 
* — — 


{ this purpoſe in that and other plays; of which when the door was once 
opened, and a proper quantity of lamps, falſe ſtones, and black cloth 
diſplayed, the poet might be as Juxuriant as he pleaſed in deſcribing 
| the ſurrounding inviſible marble monuments. This writer, it ſhould 
| ſeem, was thinking of the epigram on Butler the poet; we aſk for 
ſcenes, and he gives us only a ſtone. 
s «© Of whyche the lyke thyng is uſed to be ſhewed now adays in 
| ſtage- playes, when ſome god or ſome ſaynt is made to appere forth of a 
| cloude ; and ſuccoureth the parties which ſeemed to be rowardes ſome 
great danger, through the Soudan's crueltie.” The author's mar- 
ginal abridgment of his text is—““ The lyke manner uſed nowe at our 
days in ſtage-playes.“ Accolaſtus, 5 comedy by T. Palſgrave, chaplain 
| to king Henry VIII. 1540. 
| 9 See Webſter's Dutcheſs of Malfy, ated at the Globe and Black- 


—— — — —P 


friars, and printed in 1623: Here is diſcovered behind a traverſe the 
artificial figures of Antonio and his children, appearing as if they were 
dead.“ In The Devil's Charter, a tragedy, 1607, the following ſtage- di- 
rection is found: Alexander draweth [that is, draws open] the cur- 


| reine of bis Hude, where he diſcovereth the devill ſitting in his pontifi- 
| | | | cals.“ 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 73 


nated zraver/es, If a bed-chamber is to be repreſented, 
no change of ſcene 1s mentioned ; but the property- 
man is ſimply ordered to thruſt forth a bed, or, the 
curtains being opened, a bed is exhibited. So, in 
the old play on which Shakſpeare formed his King 
Henry VI. P. II. when Cardinal Beaufort is exhibited 
dying, the ſtage- direction is—““ Enter King and Saliſ- 
bury, and then he curtaines be drawn, [i. e. drawn 
open, ] and the Cardinal is diſcovered in his bed, raving 
and ſtaring as if he were mad.“ When the fable re- 
quires the Roman capitol to be repreſented, we find two 
officers enter, * to lay cuſhions, as it were in the capi- 
rol.” So, in King Richard II. Act IV. ſc. i. “ Boy 
lingbroke, &c. enter as to the parliament “.“ Again, 
in Ser John Oldcaftle, 1600; ** Enter Cambridge, 
Scroop, and Gray, as in a chamber.“ When the Citi- 
'zens of Angier were to appear on the walls of their town, 
and young, Arthur to leap from the battlements, I ſup- 
poſe our anceſtors were contented with ſeeing them 1n 
the Balcony already deſcribed ; or perhaps a tew boards 
were tacked together, and painted ſo as to reſemble the 
rude diſcoloured walls of an old town, behind which a 
platform might have been placed near the top, on which 


cals.” Again, in Satiremaſtix, by Decker, 1602: „ Horace ſitting 
in his f.dy, behind à curtaine, a candle by him burning, books lying 
confuſedly,“ &c. In Marſton's What you will, a com. 1607, the fol- 
lowing ſtage- direction till more decifively proves this point: Enter 
a School-maiſter, draws [i. e. draws open] the curtains behind, with 
Battus, Nows, Slip, Nathaniel, and Holiternes Pippo, ſchool-boyes, 
ſitting with bookes in their handes.” Again, in Albovine, by Sir 
William D'Avenant, 1629: „ He drawes the Arras, and diſcovers 
Albovine, Rhodolinda, Valdaura, dead in chaires.” Again, in The 
Woman in the Mon, by Lily, 1597: „ They draw the curtins from 
before Natures ſhop, where ftands an image clad, and ſome unclad, 
They bring forth the cloathed image.” Again, in R:meo and Juliet, 
1597, Juliet, after ſhe has ſwallowed the ſleepy -potion, is ordered to 
* throw herſelfe on the bed, <vithin the curtaines. As ſoon as Juliet 
has fallen on the bed, the curtains being ſtill open, the nurſe enters, 
then old Capulet and his lady, then the muſicians; and all on the ſame 
ſpot. If they could have exhibited a bed-chamber, and then could 
have ſubſtituted any other room for it, would they have ſuffered the 
muſicians and the Nurlſe's ſervant to have carried on a ludicrous dia- 
togue in one where Juliet was ſuppoſed to be lying dead ? | 
1 See theſe ſtage- directions in the firſt folio. = 
tne 


1 6 

N 74 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 

1 4 the citizens ſtood : but ſurely this can ſcarcely be called a 
1 feene. Though undoubtedly our poet's company were fur- 

| niſhed with ſome wooden fabrick ſufficiently reſembling 

| a tomb, for which they muſt have had occaſion in ſeveral 

| plays, yet ſome doubt may be entertained, whether in 

4 Komed and Fuliet any exhibition of Juliet's monument 

oh | was given on the ſtage. Romeo perhaps only opened 

| with his mattock one of the ſtage trap-doors, (which 

| might have repreſented a tonfb-ſtone,) by which he de- 

| ſcended to a vault beneath the ſtage, where Juliet was 

| depoſited; and this notion is coùntenanced by a paſſage 

| in the play, and by the poem on which the drama was 

| founded a. | = 

In all the old copies of the play laſt-mentioned we 
find the following ſtage-diretion. *©* They march about 
the flage, and ſerving-men come forth with their napkins”? f 
A more deciſive proof than this, that the ſtage was not ö 
furniſhed with ſcenes, cannot be produced. Romeo, 4 
Mercutio, &c. with their torch-bearers and attendants, 

are the perſons who march about the ſtage. They are in 

the ſtreet, on their way to Capulet's houſe, where a maſ- 

querade is given; but Capulet's ſervants who come 

forth with their napkins, are ſuppoſed to be in a hall 

or ſaloon of their maſter's houſe : yet both the maſquers k 
avithout and the ſervants within appear on the {ame 
= In like manner in King Henry VIII. the very ſame l 
Po 


Ws. . es ed DLAI an a 8 


a 8 — — * - — 
By —_— 
— — . — —̃ ² ͤ — Ä ͤ OR — _ 
- 


t is at once the outſide and inſide of the Council- 7 
Chambers. | i ; 
| It is not, however, neceſſary to infiſt either upon the ? 
| | term itſelf, in the ſenſe of a painting in perſpective on. 
cloth or canvas, being unknown to our early writers, or 
| = . s . | 8 
upon the various ſtage- directions which are found in the 


1 2 «& Why J deſcend into this bed of death,.—.“ Romeo and Juliet, 
Act V. So, in The Tragical Hiftory of Romeus and Fuliet, 1562 : 
| « And then our Romeus, the vault-ſtone ſet up-right, 
& Deſcended downe, and in his hand he bore the candle light.” 
uliet, however, after her recovery, ſpeaks and dies upon the ſtage. 
If therefore, the exhibition was ſuch as has been now ſuppoſed, Ro- 
meo muſt have brought her up in his arms from the vault beneath the 
ſtage, after he had killed Paris, and then addreſſed her,“ O my love, 
my wife, &c. | 
3 See Vol. VII. p. 122, n. 7. | f 
” plays oY 


_ 
CEC — ⏑—— — r... ĩð2 


e ee eee e 22 


before the death of Charles I.“, Sir William D'Avenant 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 575 


plays of our poet and his contemporaries, and which 


afford the ſtrongeſt preſumptive evidence that the ſtage 
in his time was not furniſned with ſcenes; becauſe we 
have to the ſame point the concurrent teſtimony of 
Shakſpeare himſelf“, of Ben Jonſon, of every writer of 
the laſt age who has had occaſion to mention this 
ſubject, and even of the very perſon who firſt intro- 
duced ſcenes on the publick ſtage. 

In the year 1629 Jonſon”'s comedy entitled The New 
{nn was performed at the Blackfriars theatre, and de- 
ſervedly damned. Ben was ſo much incenſed at the 
town for condemning his piece, that in 1631 he publiſhed 
it with the following title:“ The New Inne, or the light 
Heart, a comedy; as it was never acted, but moſt negli- 
gently played, by ſome, the kings ſervants, and more 
iqueamiſhly beheld and cenſured by others, the kings 
ſubjects, 1629: And now at laſt ſet at liberty to the 
readers, his Ma. ties ſervants and ſubjects, to be judged, 
1631.“ In the Dedication to this piece, the author, 
after expreſſing his profound contempt for the ſpeQators, 
who were at the firſt repreſentation of this play, ſays, 
«© What did they come for then, thou wilt aſk me. I 
will as punctually anſwer : to fee and to be ſeene. To 
make a general muſter of themſelves in their clothes of 
credit, and poſſeſſe the ſtage againſt the play: to diſ- 
like all, but marke nothing: and by their confidence of 
riſing between the actes in oblique lines, make affidavit 
ro the whole houſe of their not underſtanding one ſcene. 
Arm'd with this prejudice, as the ftage furniture, or 
arras clothes, they were there; as ſpectators away; for 


the faces in the hangings and they beheld alike.“ 


The exhibition of plays being forbidden ſome time 


In 


4 <« In your imagination hold 
This flage, the ſhip, upon whoſe deck 
« The ſea-toſt Pericles appears to ſpeak.” | 
5 An Ordinance for the ſuppreſſing of all ſtage-plays and interludes, 
was enacted Feb. 13, 1647-8, and Oliver and his Saints ſeem to have 


been very diligent in enforcing it. FromWhitelocke's Memorials, p. 3 32, 
we 


0 — 
=, * * x i > 
— 2 2 m 2 » 
-£. — TIS | 5 2 2 
— — 


x" = 
—— — a So 

» 3% Y % 3 * = - = 

— — — — —— 2 — —— 


=_ 
= 
| 
= 
4 


76 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


in 1656 invented a new ſpecies of entertainment, which 
was exhibited at Rutland Houſe, at the upper end of 
Alderſgate dtreet. The title of the piece, which was 
Printed in the ſame year, is, 7 he)Szege of Rhodes, made a 
repreſentation by the art of proſpective in ſcenes ; and the 

ory ſung in Recitative muſicth. The original of this mu- 
fick,” ſays Dryden, and of the ſcenes which adorned his 
work, he had from the Italian operas 5 ; but he heighten- 
ed his characters (as I may probably imagine) from the 
examples of Corneille and ſome French poets.** If, 
fixty years before, the exhibition of the plays of Shak- 
ſpeare had been aided on the common ſtage by the ad- 


vantage of moveable ſcenes, or if the term ſcene had been. 


familiar to D*Avenant's audience, can we ſuppoſe that he 
would have found it neceſſary to uſe a periphraſtick de- 
ſcription, and to promiſe that his repreſentation ſhould 
be aſſiſted by the art of proſpetive in ſcenes? It has 
been often wiſhed,” ſays he in his Addreſs to the Rea- 
der, that our /cenes (we having obliged ourſelves to the 
variety of five changes, according to the ancient drama- 
tick diſtinctions made for time,) had not been confined 
to about eleven feet in the height and about fifteen in 
depth, including the places of paſſage reſerved for the 
muſicx,. From theſe words we learn that he had 
in that piece five ſcenes. In 1658 he exhibited at the 
old theatre calted the Cockpit, in Drury-lane, The 


e learn that Captain Bethan was appointed (13 Dec. 1648,) Provoſt 


Martial, “with power to ſeize upon all ballad-ſingers, and to ſuppreſs 
Hage- plays. 5 

% 20 Dec. 1649. Some ſtage- players in Saint John's.ſtreet [the 
Red Bull theatre was in this ſtreet, ] were apprehended by troopers, 
their cloaths taken away, and themſelves carried to priſon.“ Ibidem. 
419 5 5 

« Jan. 1655. [165 5-6. ] Players taken in Newcaſtle, and whipt for 
rogues. I bid. 619. 

& Sept. 4, 1656. Sir William D'Avenant printed his Opera, not- 
withſtanding the nicety of the times.“ Ibidem, p. 639. 

5 Fleckno in the preface to his comedy entitled Demoiſelles a- la- 
Mode, 1667, obſerves, that « one Italian ſcene with four doors will 
do” for the repreſentation, 

| Cruelty 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE 77 


Cruelty of the Spaniards in Peru, expreſs*d by vocal and 
inſtrumental mufich, and by art of perſpective in ſcenes®.”? 
In Spring 1662, having obtained a patent from King 
Charles the Second, and built a new playhouſe in Lin- 
colns-Inn-Fields, he opened his theatre with The Firſt 
Part of the Siege of Rhodes, which ſince its firſt exhibi- 
tion he had enlarged, He afterwards in the fame year 
exhibited the Second Part of the Siege of Rhodes, and his 
comedy called The Wits ; „ theſe plays, ſays Downes, 
who himſelf acted in The Siege of Rhodes, having new 
ſcenes, and decorations, being the firt that ever were in- 
troduced in England.”” Scenes had certainly been uſed 
before in the maſques at Court, and in a fo private 
exhibitions, and by D*Avenant himſelf in his attempts 
at theatrical entertainments ſhortly before the death of 
Cromwell: Downes therefore, who is extremely inaceu- 
rate in his language in every part of his book, muſt have 


© In „e The Publick Intelligencer, communicating the chief occur- 
rences and proceedings within the dominions of England, Scotland, and 
Wales, from Monday, December 20, to Monday, December 27, 1658,” 
I find the following notice taken of D* Avenant's exhibition by the new 
Protector, Richard: | 

«© Whitehall, December 23. 

A courſe is ordered for taking into conſideration the Opera, ſhewed 
at the Cockpitt in Drury Lane, and the perſons to whom it ſtands re- 
ferred, are to ſend for the poet and actors, and to inform themſelves of 
the nature of the work, and to examine by what authority the ſame is 
expoſed to publick view ; and they are alſo to take the beſt information 
they can concerning the acting of ſtage-playes, and upon the whole to 
make report, &c, | . 

The Saints were equally adverſe to every other ſpecies of feſtivity as 
well as the Opera, and conſidered holydays, the common prayer-book, 


and a play-book, as equally pernicious; for in the ſame paper I tind 


this notification: 

« It was ordered by his Highneſs the Lord Protector and the Coun- 
cil, that effectual letters be written to the Lord Mayor and Aldermen 
of the city of London, and to the Juſtices of peace for Weſtminſter and 
the liberties thereof, Middleſex and Borough of Southwark, to uſe 


their endeavour for aboliſhing the uſe of the feſtivals of Chriſtmas, 


Eaſter, and other feaſts called holydales; as alſo for preventing the uſe 
of the common prayer-book.,” 


meant— 


— WM Oo 


at a ge" 


— 


* 


— 


| 
Z 
| 


78 HISTORIFCAL ACCOUNT 
meant—the firſt ever exhibited in a regular drama, on a 
publick theatre. 

I have ſaid that I could produce the teſtimony of Sir 
William D* Avenant himſelf on this ſubject. His pro- 
logue to The Wits, which was exhibited in the ſpring of 
the year 1662, ſoon after the opening, of his theatre in 
Lincoln's-Inn Fields, if every other document had 

eriſhed, would prove deciſively that our author's plays 
ad not the aſſiſtance of painted ſcenes. There are 
ſome, ſays D'Avenant, ; 


4 who would the world perſuade, 6 
That gold is better when the ſtamp is bad; 
c And that an 2gly ragged piece of eight 

« Is ever true in metal and in weight; 

«« As if a guinny and louis had lefs 

4 Intrinſick value for their handſomeneſs. 

«© So diverſe, who outlive the former age, 

c Allow“ the coarſeneſs of the plain old tag, 
«< And think rich veſts and cenes are only fit 
4 Difguiſes for the want of art and wit.” 


And no leſs deciſive is the different language of the 
licence for erecting a theatre, granted to him by King 
Charles I. in 1639, and the letters patent which he 
obtained from his ſon in 1662. In the former, after he 
is authorized << to entertain, govern, privilege, and 
keep ſuch and fo many players to exerciſe action, muſi- 
cal preſentments, ſcenes, dancing, and the like, as he 
the ſaid William Davenant ſhall think fit and approve 
for the ſaid houſe, and ſuch. perſons to permit and con- 
tinue at and during the pleaſure of the ſaid W. D. to act 
plays in ſuch houſe ſo to be by him erected, and exerciſe 
muſick, muſical preſentments, ſcenes, dancing, or other 
the like, at the ſame or other hours, or times, or after 
plays are ended, —the clauſe which empowers him to 
take certain prices from thoſe who ſhould reſort to his 


theatre runs thus : 


«© And that it ſhall and may be lawſul to and for the 
ſaid W. D. &c. to take and receive of ſuch our ſubjects 
as 
#* i, e. approves | 


W x fg Ri 


907,57 24 PTE Aims, r * 
» 3 1 E Apo 8 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE 79 
as ſhall reſort to ſee or hear any ſuch plays, ſcenes, and 


entertainments whatſoever, ſuch ſum or ſums of money, 
as is or hereafter from time to time ſhall be accuſtomed 


to be pom or taken in other playhouſes and places for 


the like plays, ſcenes, preſentments, and entertain- 
ments.“ : | | 

Here we ſee that when the theatre was fitted up in 
the uſual way of that time without the decoration of 
ſcenery, (for /cenes in the foregoing paſſages mean, not 
paintings, but ſhort ſtage-repreſentations or preſent- 
ments,) the ufual prices were authorized to be taken : 
but after the Reſtoration, when Sir W. D*Avenant fur- 
niſhed his new theatre with ſcenery, he took care that 
the letters patent which he then obtained, ſhould ſpeak 
a different language, for there the correſponding clarks 
is as follows: 

«© And that it ſhall and may be lawful to and for the 
faid Sir William D'Avenant, his heirs, and aſſigns, to 
take and receive of ſuch our ſubjects as ſhall reſort 
to ſee or hear any ſuch plays, ſcenes, and entertainments 
whatſoever, ſuch ſum or ſums of money, as either have 
accuſtomably been given and taken in the like kind, 
or as ſhall be thought reaſonable by him or them, in 
regard of the great expences of sc ES, muſick, and 
ſuch new decorations as have not been formerly uſed.” 

Here for the firſt time in theſe letters patent the word 
ſcene is uſed in that ſenſe in which Sir William had em- 
ployed it in the printed title-pages of his muſical enter- 
tainments exhibited a few years before. In the former 
letters patent granted in 1639, the word in that ſenſe 
does not once occur. | | 

To the teſtimony of D' Avenant himſelf may be added 
that of Dryden, both in the paſſage already quoted, and 
in his prologue to The Rival Ladies, performed at the 
King's Theatre in 1664 : 5 

15 — in former days | 

<< Good prologues were as ſcarce as now good plays. 

6 You now have habits, dances, /cenes, and rhymes 

High language often, ay, and ſenſe ſometimes.” 

| And 


pot 
þþ 
+ 
t 
54 


— 


— 


8 
— rr 
a K * * 2 


—— 


— 
a — 


— 
© — 


i 
ed 
* 


0 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 

And ftill more expreſs is that of the author of 77 
Generous Enemies, exhibited at the King's Theatre in 
1672: 55 

I cannot chooſe but laugh, when I look back and 
=_ --: | RE Rs 
„ The ſtrange viciſſitudes of poetrie. | 

« Your aged fathers came to plays for wit, 

« And fat knee-deep in nutſhells in the pit; 

% Courſe hangings then, inſtead of ſcenes, were worn, 
% And Kidderminſter did the ſtage adorn : 

«© But you, their wiſer offspring, did advance 
LJ 0 plot of jigg, and to dramatick dance 7,” &c. 
. | Theſe 


7 This explains what Dryden means in his prologue to The Rival 
Ladies, quoted above, where, with ſcenes and the other novelties in- 
troduced after the Reſtoration, he mentions dance. A dance by a bey 
was not uncommon in Shakſpeare's time; but ſuch dances as were ex- 
hibited at the Duke's and King's theatre, which are here called dra- 
matick dances, were unknown, | ; 

The following prologue to Tunbridge Wells, ated at the Duke's 
theatre, and printed in 1678, is more diffuſe upon this ſubject, and 
confirms what has been ſtated in the text: 

cc The old Engliſh tage, confin'd to plot and ſenſe, 

«© Did hold abroad but ſmall intelligence; 

cc But fince the invaſion of the foreign ſcene, 

60 e farce, and thundering machine, 
6 Dainties to your grave anceſtors unknown, 

ce Who never diſlik'd wit becauſe their own, 

cc There's not a player but is turn'd a ſcout, 

C And every ſcribbler ſends his envoys out, 

46 To fetch from Paris, Venice, or from Rome; 

c Fantaſtick fopperies, to pleaſe at home. 
ce And that each act may riſe to your deſire, 

4 Devils and witches muſt each ſcene inſpire ; 

cc Wit rowls in waves, and ſhowers down in fire. 

«© With what ftrange eaſe a play may now be writ! 

«© When the beſt half's compos'd by painting it, 

« And that in the air or dance lies all the wit. 

cc True ſenſe or plot would fooleries appear 

& Faults, I ſuppoſe, you ſeldom meet with here, 

C For 'tis no mode to profit by the ear. 

cc Your ſouls, we know, are ſeated in your eyes; 

c An actreſs in a cloud's a ftrange ſurpriſe, 

„ And you ne er pay'd treble prices to be wiſe.”? 


8 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 8x 

"Theſe are not the ſpeculations of ſcholars concerning 
a cuſtom of a former age, but the teſtimony of perſons 
ho were either ſpectators of what they deſcribe, or 
daily converſed with thoſe who had trod our ancient 
Rage: for D'Avenant's firſt. play, The Cruel Brother, 
was acted at the Blackfriars in January, 1626-7, and 
Mohun and Hart, who had themſelves aQed before the 
civil wars, -were employed in that company, by whoſe 
immediate ſucceſſors 7 he Generous Enemies was exhibited ; 
1 mean the King's Servants. Major Mohun acted in the 
piece before which the lines laſt quoted were ſpoken. 

I may add alſo, that Mr. Wright, the author of H. 
toria Hiſtrionica, whole father had been a ſpectator of ſeve- 
ral plays before the breaking out of the civil wars, 
expreſsly ſays, that the theatres had then 20 /cenes®, 


The French theatre, as we learn from Scaliger, was not furniſhed 
with ſcenes, or even with the ornament of tapeſtry, in the year 1567. 
See Scaliger. Poetices, folio, 1561, lib. 1. c. 21. Both it, however, and 
the Italian ſtage, appear to have had the decoration of ſcenery before 
the Engliſh. In 1638 was publiſhed at Ravenna - Pratica di fabbricar 
Scene e machine ne'teatri, di Nicola Sabbatini da Peſaro. With reſpect 
to the French ſtage, ſee D' Avenant's Prologue to the Second Part of the 
Siege of Rhodes, 1663 | | 

6c many travellers here as.judges come, 
<6 From Paris, Florence, Venice, and from Rome; 
© Who will deſcribe, when any ſcene wwe draw, 

4 By each of ours all that they ever ſaw: 

«© Thoſe praiſing for extenſive breadth and height, 
C And inward diſtance to deceive the ſight,” 

It is faid in the Life of Betterton, that „ he was ſent to Paris by 
'King Chatles the Second, to take a view of the French theatre, that 
he might better judge of what might contribute to the improvement of 
our own.“ He went to Paris probably in the year 1665, when both the 
London theatres were ſhut. | 

s c Shakſpeare, (who, as I have heard, was a much better poet than 
player,) Burbage, Hemmings, and others of the older ſort, were dead 
before I knew the town; but in ray time, before the wars, Lowin uſed 
to act Falſtaffe,”” &c.— “ Though the town was then not much more 
han half ſo populous as now, yet then the prices were, ſmall, (there 
being no ſcenes,) and better order kept among the company that came.“ 
Hiſtoria Hiftrionica, 8vo. 1699, This Eflay is in the form of a Dia- 
logue between Trueman, an old Cavalier, and Lowewwit, his friend. 

The account of the old ſtage, which is given by the Cavalier, 
Wright probably derived from his father, who was born in 1611, and 

was himſelf a dramatick writer, 


Vol. I. PART II. ä * | But, 


32 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


But, ſays Mr. Steevens, (who differs with me in opi- 
nion on the ſubje& before us, and whoſe ſentiments J 
ſhall give below,) “how happened it, that Shakſpeare 
Himſelf ſhould have mentioned the act of /ifting ſcenes, 
if in his time there were no ſcenes capable of being 
ſhifted ? Thus in the Chorus to King Henry V. i 


« Unto Southampton do we /bift our ſcene,” 


«© This phraſe?” (he adds) “ was hardly more ancient 
than the cuſtom it deſcribes ?,”? | | 5 

Who does not ſee, that Shakſpeare in the paſſage here 
quoted uſes the word /cexe in the ſame ſenſe in which 
it was uſed two thouſand years before he was born ; 
that is, for the place of action repreſented by the ſtage ; 
and not for that moveable hanging or painted cloth, 
ſtrained on a wooden frame, or rolled round a cylinder, 
which is now called a scENnE ? If the ſmalleſt doubt could 
be entertained of his meaning, the following lines in the 
ſame play would remove it:: | 


«© The king is ſet from London, and the ſcene 
cc Ts now tranſported to Southampton.“ 


This, and this only, was the Shifting that was meant; 

a movement from one place to another in the progreſs of 
the drama; nor is there found a ſingle paſſage in his 
plays in which the word ſcene is uſed in the ſenſe re- 
quired to ſupport the argument of thoſe who ſuppoſe that 
the common ſtages were furniſhed with moveable ſcenes 
in his time. He conſtantly uſes the word either for a 
ſtage-exhibition in general, or the component part of a 
play, or the place of action repreſented by the ſtage? £ 
| | | «© For 


9 See Mr. Steevens's Shakſpeare, 1785, K. Jobn, p. 56, n. 7. 
1 And ſo do all the other dramatick writers of his time. So, in 
Heywood's Downfall of Robert earl of Huntington, 1601: 
cc I only mean— | 
«« Myſelf in perſon to preſent ſome ſcenes 
F5 Of tragick matter, or perchance of mirth,"? 


A 8 ain 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. gg = 


wk 
« For all my life has been but as a ſcene, | : 4 
Acting that argument.” K. Henry IV. P. II. | BY 
«© At your induſtrious cenes and acts of death.“ q Wy 
K. John. Fl 

« What ſeene of death hath Roſcius now to act ?” | 57 
K. Henry VI. P. III. "A 

«© Thus with imagin'd wing our ſwift ſcene flies, —.” . 


K. Henry. 2 
15 To give our /cene ſuch growing, —.“ IId. 
«© Ando our ſcene mult to the battle fly.—. „„ 
45 That he might play the woman in the ſcene. 
Coriolanus. 


« A queen in jeſt, only to fill the ſcene. K. Rich. III. 


I ſhall add but one more inſtance from All“, awell that 
ends dell 


«© Our ſcene 1s alter'd from a ſerious thing, 
«© And now chang'd to the Beggar and the King.“ 


from which lines it might, I conceive, be as reaſonably 
inferred that /cenes were changed in Shakſpeare's time, 
as from the paſſage relied on in K. Henry Y,: and per- 
haps by the tame mode of reaſoning it might be proved, 
from a line above quoted from the ſame play, that the 
technical modern term, wings, or ſide-ſcenes, was not 
unknown to our great poet. 


Again, in the prologue to Ram Alley, or Merry T7. ricks, a comedy, 1611: 
6 But if conceit, with guick-turn'd ſceanes,— 
« May win your favours,,” 
Again, i 1 the prologue to Late Lancaſhire Witches, 1634: 
e are forc'd from our own nation 
« To ground the ſcene that's now in agitation,” 
Again, | . the prologue to Shirley's School of Compliments, 1629: 
—— This play is | 
& The firſt fruits of a muſe, that before this 
C Never ſaluted audience, nor doth meane 
| 4 To ſwear himſelf a factor for the ſcene.” 
Again, in the prologue to Hannibal and Scipio, 1637: 
Ihe places ſometimes chang'd too for the ſcene, 
% Which is tranſlated as the muſick plays,“ &c. 
Ho tranſlating a ſcene means juſt the ſame as ſhifting a ſcene in X. 
enry V. 
I ' oth to add more inſtances, though almoſt every one of our old 
plays would furniſh me with many- 


G 2 The 


84 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


The various circumſtances which I have ſtated, and 
the accounts of the contemporary writers?, furniſh us, in 
| my 


2 All the writers on the ancient Engliſh Rage that J have met with, 


- concur with thoſe quoted in the text on this ſubje&: * Now for the 


difference betwixt our theatres and thoſe of former times,” (ſays 
Fleckno, who lived near enough the time to be accurately informed, ) 
& they were but plain and ſimple, with no other ſcenes nor decorations 
of the flage, but only old tapeſtry, and the ſtage ſtrewed with ruſhes 3 
with their habits accordingly.” Short Diſcourſe of the Engliſh Stage, 
1664. In a ſubſequent paſſage indeed he adds, „For ſcenes and ma- 
chines, they are no new invention; our maſques, and ſome of our 
playes, in former times, (though not ſo ordinary,) having had as good 
or rather better, than any we have now.“ To reconcile this paſſage 
with the foregoing, the author muſt be ſuppoſed to ſpeak here, not of 
the exhibitions at the publick theatres, but of maſques and private plays, 
performed either at court or at noblemen's houſes, He does not ſay, 
c ſome of our theatres,” —but, © our maſques, and ſome of our playes 


| having had,” &c. We have already ſeen that Lowe's Miſtreſs or the 


Queen : Maſque was exhibited with ſcenes at Denmark-houſe in 1636. 
In the reign of king Charles I. the performance of plays at court, and 
at private houſes, ſeems to have been very common; and gentlemen went 
to great expence in theſe exhibitions. See a letter from Mr. Garrard to 
lord Straftord, dated Feb. 7, 1637 ; Strafford's Letters, Vol. II. p. 150: 
& Two of the king's ſervants, privy-chamber men both, have writ 
each of them a play, Sir John Sutlin [Suckling] and Will. Barclay, 
which have been acted in court, and at the Black- friars, with much 
applauſe, Sutlin's play coft three or four bundred pounds ſetting out; 
eight or ten ſuits of new cloaths he gave the players; an unheard-of 
prodigality.” The play on which Sir John Suckling expended this large 
ſum, was Aglaura. | . 0 | 

To the authority of Fleckno may be added that of Edward Phillips, 
who, in his Theatrum Poetarum, 1674, | article, D'Avenant, ] praiſes 
that poet for © the great fluency of his wit and fancy, eſpecially for 
what he wrote for the Engliſh ſtage, of which, having laid the founda- 
tion before by his muſical dramas, when the uſual plays were not 
ſuffered to be acted, e wvas the fir reviver and improver, by painted 
ſcenes.“ Wright alſo, who was well acquainted with the hiſtory 
of our ancient ſtage, and had certainly converſed with many per- 
ſons. who had ſeen theatrical performances before the civil wars, 
expreſsly ſays, as I have obſerved above, that ** ſcenes were firſt 
introduced by Sir William D'Avenant, on the publick ſtage, at the 
Duke's old theatre in Lincoln's-Inafields,”” „ Preſently after the 
Reſtoration, this writer informs us,“ the king's players acted publick- 
ly at the Red Bull for ſome time, and then removed to a new-built 
playhouſe in Vere-ſtreet, by Clare-market. There they continued for 
a year or two, and then removed to the theatre-royal in Drury-lane, 
where they fi made uſe of SCENES, which bad been a little before _ 

uce 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 8 


my apprehenſion, with deciſive and incontrovertible 
proofs 3, that the ſtage of Shakſpeare was not furniſhed 
| | with 
duced UPON THE PUBLICK STAGE By Sir W. D' Avenant at the Duke's 
old theatre in Lincoln's-Innfields, but afterwards very much improved, 


with the addition of curious machines, by Mr. Betterton, at the new | 


theatre in Dorſet Gardens, to the great expence and continual charge of 
the players.” Hift:ria Hiftrionica, Svo. 1699, p. 10. Wright calls it 
the Duke's old theatre in Lincoln's Inn fields, though in fact in 1663 
it was a new building, becauſe when he wrote, it had become old, and 
a new theatre had been built in Lincoln's Inn fields in 1695, He is 
here ſpeaking of plays and players, and therefore makes no account 


of the muſical entertainments exhibited by D*Avenant a few years be- 


fore at Rutland Houſe, and at the Cock-pit in Drury-lane, in which 
a little attempt at ſcenery had been made. In thoſe pieces, I believe, 
no ſtage- player performed. 
3 I ſubjoin the ſentiments of Mr. Steevens, who differs with me in 
opinion on this ſubje&t ; obſerving only that in general the paſſages to 
which he alludes, prove only that our author's plays were not exhibited 
without the aid of machinery, which is not denied; and that not a 
ſingle paſſage is quoted, which proves that a moveable painted ſcene 
was employed in any of his plays in his theatre. The lines quoted 
from The Staple of News, at the bottom of p. 88, mult have been tran- 
ſcribed from ſome incorrect edition, for the original copy printed in 
1631, reads—$SCENE, not SCENES; a variation of ſome importance. 
The words“ the various ſhifting of their SCENE,” denote, in my 
apprehenſion, nothing more than frequent change of place in the proe 
greſs of the drama: and even if that were not the caſe, and theſe words 
were uſed in the modern ſenſe, they would not prove that ſcenes were 


employed on the ſtage in Shakſpeare's time, for 7 be Staple of News 


was not exhibited till March, 162 5-6. 

© Tt muſt be acknowledged,” ſays Mr Steevens, “ that little more 
is advanced on this occaſion, than is fairly ſupported by the teſti- 
mony of contemporary writers. 

&© Were we, however, to reaſon on ſuch a part of the ſubject 
as is now before us, ſome ſuſpicions might ariſe, that where machinery 
was diſcovered, the leſs complicated adj unct of ſcenes was ſcarcely want= 
ing. When the column is found ſtanding, no one will ſuppoſe but 
that it was once accompanied by its uſual entablature. If this inference 
be natural, little impropriety can be complained of in one of the ſtage- 
directions above mentioned. Where the bed is introduced, the ſcene 
of a bed-chamber (a thing too common to deſerve deſcription) would of 
courſe be at hand. Neither thould any great ſtreſs be laid on the words 
of Sir Philip Sidney. Are we not till obliged to receive the ſtage alter- 
nately as a garden, as an ocean, as a range of rocks, or as a cavern? 
With all our modern advantages, ſo much of vraiſemblance is wanting 
in a theatre, that the apologies Which Shakſpeare offers for ſcenical 

G 3 | deficiency, 


<. ——— 
— — — — 


. ERTIES A. 
At - 1 


—— 
— 
— : 
= 2 On. 
— 


—_S CR ——-—_—- — 
74 s 
WES 5 = - 
af = 1 3 Ta” 
Si v 2 

. — 

— — — 


— 


— 5 
P 


26 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
with moveable painted ſcenes, but merely decorated with 


curtains, and arras or tapeſtry hangings, which, when 
decayed, 


deficiency, are ſtill in ſome degree needful; and be it always remembered 
that Sir Philip Sidney has not poſitively declared that a0 painted ſcenes 
were in uſe. Who that mentions the preſent flage, would think it neceſ- 
ſary to dwell on the article of ſcenery, unleſs it were peculiarly ſtriking 
and magnificent ? Sir Philip has not ſpoken of ſtage-habits, and are we 
therefore to ſuppoſe that none were worn? Beſides, between the time 
when Sir Philip wrote his Defence of Poeſy, and the period at which the 
plays of Shakſpeare were preſented, the ſtage in all probability had 
received much additional embelliſhment. Let me repeat, that if in 
2529 (the date of Acolaſtus) machinery“ is known to have exiſted, in 
2592 (when Shakſpeare commenced a play-wright) a greater number 
of ornaments might naturally be expected, as it is uſual for one im- 
provement to be ſoon followed by another. That the plays of Shak- 
Jpeare were exhibited with the aid of machinery, the following ſtage- 
directions, copied from the folio 1623, will abundantly prove. In The 
Tempeſt, Ariel is ſaid to enter like a harpey, claps his wings on the 
table, and with a quaint device the banquet vaniſhes,” In a ſubſequent 
ſcene of the ſame play, Juno © deſcends; and in Cymbeline, Jupiter 
« deſcends likewiſe, in thunder and lightning, fitting upon an eagle.“ 
In Macbeth, the cauldron finks, and the apparitions riſe.” It may be 
added that the dialogue of Shakſpeare has ſuch perpetual reference to 
objects ſuppoſed viſible to the audience, that the want of ſcenery could 
not have failed to render many of the deſcriptions uttered by his ſpeak - 
ers abſurd and laughable.— Macduft examines the outſide of Inverneſs 
caſtle with ſuch minuteneſs, that he diſtinguiſhes even the neſts which 
the martins had built under the projecting parts of its roof, —Romeo, 
Nanding in a garden, points to the tops of fruĩt- trees gilded by the moon. 
— The prologue-ſpeaker to the ſecond part of XK. Henry IV. expreſsly 
ſhews the ſpectators this worm-eaten hold of ragged ſtone,” in which 
Northumberland was lodged. Jachimo takes the moſt exact inventory 
of every article in Imogen's bed-chamber, from the filk and filver of 
of which her tapeſtry was wrought, down to the Cupids that ſupport. 
her andirons. Had not the infide of this apartment, with its proper fur- 
niture, been repreſented, how ridiculous muſt the action of Jachimo have 
appeared ! He muſt have ſtood looking out of the room for the particu- 
Lars ſuppoſed to be viſible within it. In one of the parts of K. Hen. VI. 
: a cannon 


What happy deceptions could be produced by the aid of framework 
and painted canvas, we may learn from Holinſhed, and yet more ancient 
hiſtorians. The pageants and tournaments at the beginning of Henry 
VIIIch's reign very frequently required that the caſtles of imaginary 
beings ſhould be exhibited, Of ſuch contrivances ſome deſcriptions re- 
main, Theſe extempore buildings aftorded a natural introduction ts 
ſeenery on the ſtages 55 N 


72 


C 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE 27 
decayed, appear to have been ſometimes ornamented 
| | | with 


a cannon is diſcharged againſt a tower; and converſations are held in 
almoſt every ſcene from difterent walls, turrets, and battlements. Nor 
is my belief in ancient ſcenery entirely founded on conjecture. In the 
folio editions of Shakſpeare's plays, 1623, the following traces of it are 
preſerved. In King Fobn: Enter, before Angiers, Philip king of 
France, &c.— “ Enter a citizen «pon the walls.” 0 Enter the he- 
rald of France with trumpets to the gates.“ Enter Arthur on the 
walls. In X. Hen. J. Enter the king, &c. with ſcaling ladders at 
Har fleur.“ Enter the king with all his train before rhe gates.” In. 
Hen. VI. « Enter to the protector at the Tower gates,” &c,—« Enter 
Saliſbury and Talbot on the 2valls.'*—* The French leap over the walls 
in their ſhirts. “ Enter Pucelle on the top of the tower, thruſting out 
a torch burning.“ Enter lord Scales _ the toxwer walking, Then 
enter two or three citizens below.“ Enter king and queen and So- 
merſet on the terrace,” “ Enter three watchmen to guard the king's 
tent. In Cori-lanus : . Marcius follows them to the gates, and is ſhut 
in.“ In Timon: Enter Timon in the woods. — 4 Enter Timon 
from bis cave. In Julius Ceſar : - Enter Brutus in bis orchard,”” &Cc. 
&c,—In ſhort, without charaQteriftick diſcriminations of place, the 
hiſtorical dramas of Shakſpeare in particular, would have been wrap- 
ped in tenfold confuſion and obſcurity z nor could the ſpeRator have 
felt the poet's power, or accompanied his rapid tranſitions from one 
fituation to another, without ſuch guides as painted canvas only could 
ſupply. The audience would with difficulty have received the cataſ- 
trophe of Romeo and Juliet as natural and affecting, unleſs the decep- 
tion was confirmed to them by the appearance of a tomb. The mana- 
gers who could raiſe ghoſts, bid the cauldron fink into the earth, and 
then exhibit a train of royal phantoms in Macbeth, could with leſs 
difficulty ſupply the flat paintings of a cavern or a grove, The artiſts 
who can put the dragons of Medea in motion, can more eaſily repreſent. 
the clouds through which they are to paſs. But for theſe, or ſuch 
aſſiſtances, the ſpectator, like Hamlet's mother, muſt have bent his 


gaze on mortifying vacancy z and with the gueſt invited by the Barme- 
0 | | | cide, 


* Apemantus muſt have pointed to the ſcenes as he ſpoke the fol- 
lowing lines: 
CO ſhame not theſe woods, 
| « By putting on the cunning of a carper.“ 
Again: 


cc will ebeſe moiſt trees | 
; 66 That have outliv'd the eagle, &c. : 
A piece of old tapeſtry muſt have been regarded as a poor ſubſtitute 


for theſe towering ſhades, 
G 4 


38 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT” 


with pictures “: and ſome paſſages in our old dramas in- 
cline 


cide, in the Arabian tale, muſt have furniſhed from his own imagination 
the entertainment of which his eyes were ſolicited to partake, 

& Tt ſhould likewiſe be remembered, that the intervention of civil 
war would eafily occafion many cuſtoms of our early theatres to be 
ſilently forgotten. The times when Wright and Downes produced 
their reſpective narratives, were by no means times of exactneſs or 
curioſity. What they heard, might have been heard imperfectly; it 
might have been unſkilfully: related; or their own memories might 
have deceived them: 


«&- Ad nos vix tenuis famæ perlabitur aura.“ 


tc One affertion made by the latter of theſe writers, is chronologically. 
diſproved. We may remark likewiſe, that in private theatres, a part 
of the audience was admitted on the ſtage, but that this licence was re- 
fuſed in the publick play-houſes, To what circumſtance ſhall we im- 
pute this difference between the cuſtoms of the one and the other? Per- 
haps the private theatres had no ſcenes, the public had; and a crowded 
ſtage would prevent them from being commodiouſly beheld, or con- 
veniently ſhifted F. The freſb pictures mentioned by Ben Jonſon in 
the induction to his Cynthia's Rewels might be properly introduced to 
cover old tapeſtry ; for to hang picturers over faded arras, was then and 
is ſtill ſufficiently common in antiquated manſions, ſuch as thoſe in 
which the ſcenes of dramatic writers are often laid. That Shakſpeare 
himſelf was no ſtranger to the magick of theatrical ornaments, may bs 
inferred from a paſſage in which he alludes to the ſcenery of pageants, 
the faſhionable thews of his time: 
«© Sometimes we ſee a cloud that's dragoniſhy 
CC A vapour ſometimes like a lion, a bear, 
C A towred citadel, a pendent rock, 
«« A forked mountain, or blue promontory 
6- With trees upon't, that nod'unto the world, 
« Ant 


To ſhift a ſcene is at leaſt a phraſe employed by Shakſpeare him-- 
ſelf in X. Henry V. Se 

6464 and not till then 

&« Unto Southampton do we ſhift eur ſcene.” | : 
and by Ben Jonſon, yet more appoſitely, in The Staple of News ; 

&«& Lic. Have you no news o' the ſtage ? - 

& Tho, O yes; 

c There is a legacy left to the king's players, 

c Both for their various ſhifting of their ſcenes, 

&« And dextrous change of their perſons to all ſhapes 

6c And all diſguiſes,” & c. 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 39 


eline me to think, that when tragedies were performed, 
the ſtage was hung with black 3, 

In the early part, at leaſt, of our author's acquaint- 
ance with the theatre, the want of ſcenery ſeems to have 


been ſupplied by the fimple expedient of writing thæ 


« And mock our eyes with air: theſe thou haſt ſeen, 
6 They are black Veſper's pageants *. Antony and Cleopatra. 
& To conclude, the richeſt and moſt expenſive ſcenes had been intro- 
duced to dreſs up thoſe ſpurious children of the Muſe called Maſquesz 
nor have we ſufficient. reaſon for believing that Tragedy, her legiti- 
mate offspring, continued to be expoſed in rags, while appendages more 
ſuitable. to her dignity were known to be within the reach of our anci- 
ent managers. Shakſpeare, Burbage, and Condell, muſt have had 
frequent opportunities of being acquainted with the mode in which 
| both maſques, tragedies, and comedies, were repreſented in the inns 
of court, the halls of noblemen, and in the palace icſelf,” 
4 Sir Crack, Tam none of your freſli' pictures, that uſe to beautify 
the decayed old arras, in a publick theatre,” Induction to Cynthia's 
Revels, by Ben Jonſon, 1601. 
+5 In the induction to an old tragedy called A warning for fair Wie 
men, 1599, three perſonages are introduced, under the names of Tra- 
gedy, Comedy, and Hiflory, After ſome conteſt for ſuperiority, Tragedy 
prevails 3 and Hiſtory and Comedy retire with theſe words: 54 
Hift.** Look, Comedie, 1. mark'd it not till now, 
« The ſtage is bung vith blacke, and I perceive: 
4 The auditors prepar'd for tragedie. | 
Com. Nay then, I fee ſhe ſhall be entertain'd. 2 
«© Theſe ornaments beſeem not thee and me; 
«© Then Tragedie, kill them to-day with ſorrow, 
«© We'll make them laugh with mirthful jeſts to-morrow.” 
So, in Marſton's Inſatiate Counteſs, 1613: 
« The fage of heaven is bung with ſolemn Blacks 
& A time, beſt fitting to act tragedies.“ 
Again, in Daniel's Civil Warres, B. V. 1602: 
| « Let her be made the ſable tage, whereon 
< Shall firſt be ated bloody tragedies.” 
Again in X. Henry UT. P, | 
&« Hung be the heavens with Black,“ &c. 
Again, more appoſitely, in The Rape of Lucrece, 1594: 
« Black ſtage for tragedies, and murthers fell.“ 


After a pageant had paſſed through the ſtreets, the characters that 
compoſed it were aſſembled in ſome hall or other ſpacious-apartment, 
where they delivered their reſpective ſpeeches, and were finally ſet 
gut to view with the advantages of proper ſcenery and decoration. 


Names. 


go HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


names of the different places where the ſcene was Jaid in 
the progreſs of the play, which were diſpoſed in ſuch a 
manner as to be viſible to the audience ®, 

Though the apparatus for theatrick exhibitions was 
4105 ſcanty, and the machinery of the ſimpleſt kind, the 
invention of trap-doors appears not to be modern; for 
in an old Morality, entitled, All for Money, we Bud a 
marginal direction, which implies that they were very 


early in uſe”. 

We learn from Heywood's Apology for Ackorss, that 
the covering, or internal roof, of the ſtage, was ancients 
ly termed the heavens. It was probably painted of a 


fty-blue colour; or perhaps pieces of drapery tinged 
with blue were ſuſpended acroſs the ſtage, to repreſent 


the heavens, 
It appears from the tage- directions ꝰ given in The 


Spaniſh Tragedy, that when a play was exhibited within 
a play, 


, 6 « What child is there, that coming to a play and ſeeing Thebes 
written upon an old door, doth believe that it is Thebes ? ?” Defence of 
Poefie, by Sir Philip Sidney. Signat. G. 1595. 

When D Avenant introduced ſcenes on the publick ſtage, this ancient 
practice was ftill followed. See his Introduction to his Siege of Rhodes, 
1656: In the middle of the freeſe was a compartement, wherein . 
was written —RHODES.' 

7 « Here——with ſome fine conveyance, Pleaſure ſhall appeare from 
beneathe.” All for Money, 1578. * 

So, in Marſton's Antonio's Revenge, 1602: 

« Enter Balurdo from under the tage. 

In the fourth a& of Macbeth, ſeveral apparitions ariſe from _—_—— 
the ſtage, and again deſcend. —The cauldron likewiſe ſinks: 

6c Why. finks that cauldron, and what noiſe is this?“ 

In the Roaring Girl, a comedy by Middleton and Decker, 16115, 
there is a character called Trap- door. 

8 Apol. for Actors, 1612. Signat, D. 

9 Spaniſb Tragedy, 1610, Act IV. Signat. L. ‚ 

« Enter Hieronimo. He knocks up the Curtains 
Enter the duke of Caſtile. 
„Caf. How now Hieronimo, where's your ewes 
« That you take all this pains ? 
c Hiero. O, ſir, it is for the author's credit 
6 To look that all things may go well. | 


— — = 6c But 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 91 


a play, (if I may ſo expreſs myſelf,) as is the caſe in that 


Piece and in Hamlet, the court or audience before whom 


the interlude was performed ſat in the balcony, or upper 


ſage, already deſcribed ; and a curtain or traverſe be- 
ing hung acroſs the ſtage for the nonce, the performers 
entered between that curtain and the general audience, 
and on its being drawn, began their piece, addreſſin 
themſelves to the balcony, and regardleſs of the ſpecta- 
tors in the theatre, to whom their backs muſt have been 
turned during the whole of the performance. 

From a plate prefixed to Kirkman's Drolls, printed in 
1672, in which there is a view of a theatrical booth, ir 
ſhould ſeem that the ſtage was formerly lighted by two 
large branches, of a form ſimilar to thoſe now hung in 
churches; and from Beaumont's Verſes prefixed to 
Fletcher's Faithful Shepherdeſs, which was acted before 
the year 1611, we find that wax lights were uſed *. 

Theſe branches having been found incommodious, 
as they obſtructed the fight of the ſpectatorsꝰ, gave 


44 But, good my lord, let me entreat your grace, 
« To give the king the copy of the play. 
This is the argument of what we ſhew, 
6 Cat. I will, Hieronimo. 
ce Hiero, Let me entreat your grace, that when 
& The train are paſt into the gallery, 
6 You would vouchſafe to throw me down the key. 
& Caſt. I will, Hieronimo. 
« Enter Balthazar, with a chair. 
« Hiero. Well done, Balthazar ;z hang up the tilt: 
c Our ſcene is Rhodes. What, is yourtheard on?“ 
Afterwards the tragedy of So/yman and Perſeda is exhibited before 
the king of Spain, the duke of Caſtile, &c. 
1 « Some like, if the wax lights be new that day.“ 

2 Fleckno in 1604, complains of the bad lighting of the ſtage, even 
at that time: . Of this curious art [ſcenery] the Italians (this latter 
age) are the greateſt maſters; the French good proficientsz and we in 
England only ſcholars and learners yet, having proceeded no farther than 
to bare painting, and not arrived to the ſtupendous wonders of your great 
ingeniers ; eſpecially not knowwing yet bow to placeour lights, for the more 
 edvantage and illuminating of the ſcenes." Short Diſcourſe of the En- 
gliſb ſtages 1 | ä 5 

8 ; place 


— — — — — 
— — ͥꝗꝙꝓ—äͤö—ꝙ — —UdH— —äwäͤ— .. m ̃ ²v! 5mm W ˙ M'’ ¼w· n  CO OO COOOCOTCG —— —ñä——ü— — 


92 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 

place at a ſubſequent period to ſmall circular wooden 
frames, furniſned with candles, eight of which were hung 
on the ſtage, four at either ſide: and theſe within a few 
years were wholly removed by Mr. Garrick, who, on his 
return from France in 1765, firſt introduced the preſent 
commodious method of illuminating the ſtage by lights 
not viſible to the audience. _ 

The body of the houſe was illuminated by creſſets“, 
or large open lanterns of nearly the ſame ſize with thoſe 
which are fixed in the poop of a ſhip. . = 

If all the players whoſe names are enumerated in the 
firſt folio edition of our author's works, belonged to the 


Tame theatre, they compoſed a numerous company; but 


it is doubtful whether they all performed at the ſame 
period, or always continued in the ſame houſe *# Many 
of the companies, in the infancy of the ſtage, certainly 
were ſo thin, that the ſame perſon played two or three 


arts; and a battle on which the fate of an empire was 


| Juppoſed to depend, was decided by half a dozen com- 


3 See Cotgtave*s French Dictionary, 1611, in v. Falot : © A ereſſet 
light, (ſuch as they uſe in play bouſes,) made of ropes wreathed, pitched, 
and put into ſmall and open cages of iron.” 
| The Watchmen of London carried ereſſets fixed on poles till 1539 
(and perhaps later). Stowe's Survey, p. 160, edit. 1618. 

4 An actor, who wrote a pamphlet againſt Mr. Pope, ſoon after the 
publication of his edition of Shakſpeare, fays, he could prove that they 
belonged to ſeveral different companies. It appears from the MS. Re- 
giſter of lord Stanhope, treaſurer of the chamber to king James J. 
that Foſepb Taylor, in 1613, was at the head of a diſtin company 
from that of Heminge, called the lady Elizabeth's ſervants, who then 
acted at the Hope on the Bankſide. He was probably however, before that 
period, of the king's company, of which afterwards he was a principal 
ornament. Some of the players too, whoſe names are prefixed to the 
firſt folio edition of our author, were dead in the year 1600, or ſoon 
after; and others there enumerated, might have appeared at a 
ſubſequent period, to ſupply their loſs. See the Catalogue of Actors, 


ſt. 
P's In the InduQion to Marſton's Antonio and Mellida, 1602, Piers 
aſks Alberto, what part he acts. He replies, - the neceſſity of the 
play forceth me to act rwvo parts. See allo the Dramatis Perſonæ of 


many of our ancient plays; and below, p. 98, n. 2. 


batants. 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 93 


batants . It appears to have been a common practice 
in their mock engagements, to diſcharge ſmall pieces of 
ordnance on or behind the {tage 7. 


Before the exhibition began, three flouriſhes were 


played, or, in the ancient language, there were three 
ioundings*. Muſick was likewiſe played between the 
acts?, The inſtruments chiefly uſed, were trumpets, 


6 «© And ſo our ſcene muſt to the battle fly, 
« Where, O for pity! we ſhall much diſgrace 
« With four cr five moſt vile and ragged foils, 
« Right ill diſpos'd, in brawl ridiculous, 
& The name of Agincourt.“ K. Henry V. Act IV. 

7 & Much like to ſome of the players that come to the ſcaffold with 
drumme and trumpet, to proffer ſkirmiſhe, and when they have ſound- 
ed alarme, off go the pieces, to encounter a ſhadow, or conquer a 
paper-monſter.** Schoole of Abuſe, by Stephen Goſſon, 1579. 
So, in The True Tragedie of Richarde Duke of of Yorke, and the Death 
of good King Henrie the Sixt, 1600 : * Alarmes to the battaile.— Vork 
flies; then the chambers be diſcharged; then enter the king, &c, 

8 „„ Come, let's bethink ourſelves, what may be found 

& To deceive time with, till the ſecond ſound.” 
Notes "ng Black-fryars, by H. Fitz-Jeoffery, 1617. 

See alſo the Addreſs to the readers, prefixed to Decker's Satiro- 
moſtix, a comedy, 1602 : © Inſtead of the trumpets ſounding thrice be- 
fore the play begin, &c, | 

9 See the Prologue to Hannibal and Scipio, a tragedy, 1637 

66 The places ſometimes chang'd too for the ſcene, 
& Which is tranſlated, as the muſick plays 
| & Betwixt the acts.“ SO; 

The practice appears to have prevailed in the infancy of our ſtage, 
See the concluding lines of the ſecond act of Gammer Gurton's Needle, 
1575 8 
ae cc In the towne will I, my frendes to vyſit there, 

« And hether ſtraight again, to ſee the end of this gere: 

« In 8 mean time, felowes, pipe upp your fiddles, I lay take 
them, 

cc * let your freyndes here ſuch mirth as ye can make 
them.“ 

It has been thought by ſome that our author's dramas were exhibit- 
ed without any pauſes, in an unbroken continuity of ſcenes. But this 
appears to be a miſtake. In a copy of Romeo and Juliet, 1599, now 
before me, which certainly belonged to the play-houſe, the endings 
of the acts are marked in the margin; and directions are given for mu- 
ſick to be played between each act. The marginal directions in this 
copy appear to be of a very old date, one of them being in the ancient 
kyle and hand Play muſiche,” 8 | 


* 1 
1 — — 
" _ . - 5 
— eg n eigen" ee äM—— — — — —-̃ —— — —ezi — 


n= — . — — ——— 


—— — i ⁵¶ hEE — „A 


04 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


cornets, hautboys, lutes, recorders, viols, and organs“. 
The band, which, I believe, did not conſiſt of more than 
eight or ten performers, ſat (as I have been told by a very 
ancient ſtage-veteran, who had his information from Bo- 
man, the contemporary of Betterton,) in an upper bal- 
cony, over what is now called the ſtage-box 2. 

From Sir Henry Herbert's Manuſcript I learn, that 


the muſicians belonging to Shakſpeare's company were 


obliged to pay the Maſter of the Revels an annual fee 
for a licence to play in the theatre 3. 

Not very long after our poet's death the Blackfriars” 
band was more numerous“; and their reputation was 
ſo high as to be noticed by Sir Bulſtrode Whitelocke, 
in an account which he has left of the ſplendid Maſque 


given by the four Inns of Court on the ſecond of Febru- 
_ ary, 1633-4, entitled The Triumph of Peace, and intend- 


ed, as he himſelf informs us, “ to manifeſt the differ. 
ence of their opinion from Mr. Prynne's new learning, 
and to confute his Hiſtriomaſtiæ againſt interludes.“ 


x See the ſtage · directions in Marſton's Sophoniſha, ated at the 
Blackfriars theatre, in 1606 : | | 
6 The ladies draw the curtains about Sophoniſha z—the corners and 
ergans playing loud full muſicke for the act. Signat. B 4. 

« Organ mixt with recorders for this act. Signat. D 2. 

«© Organs, wiols, and voices, play for this act. Signat. E 2. 

cc A baſe lute and a treble viol play for this act.“ Signat. F 2. 

2 In the laſt ſcene of Maſſinger's City Madam, which was firſt ated 


at Blackfriars, May 25, 1632, Orpheus is introduced chanting thoſe 


raviſhing ſtrains with which he moved 
« Charon and Cerberus, to give him way 
& To fetch from hell his loſt Eurydice.“ 

The following ſtage- direction, which is found in the preceding ſcene, 
fupports what has been ſuggeſted above, concerning the ſtation of the 
muſicians in our ancient theatres : “ Muſicians come dozon, [i. e. are 
to come down, ] to make ready for the ſong at Arras.“ This ſong was 
to be ſung behind the arras. | | 

3 4% For a warrant to the Muſitions of the king's company, this th 
of Aprill, 1627,.— C. 1. o. o.“ MY. Herbert, 

* In a warrant of protection now before me, ſigned by Sir Henry 
Herbert, and dated ſrom the Office of the Revels, Dec. 27, 1624, 


Nicholas Underhill, Robert Pallant, John Rhodes, and ſeventeen 


others, are mentioned as being „ all imployed by the kings Ma. ties 
ſervants in theire quallity of playinge as muſitions, and other neceſlary 
attendants,” ren | 


A very 


HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 95 


A very particular account of this maſque is found in 
his Memorials; but that which Dr. Burney has lately 
given in his very curious and elegant Hifory of Muſick, 
from a manuſcript in the poſſeſſion of Dr. Moreton, of 
the Britiſh Muſeum, contains ſome minute particulars 
not noticed in the former printed account, and among 
others an eulogy on our poet's band of mulicians. 

« For the Muſicke,”” ſays Whitelocke, ©* which was 
particularly committed to my charge, 1 gave to Mr. 
Ives, and to Mr. Lawes, 10ol. a piece for their rewards : 
for the four French gentlemen, the queen's ſervants, I 
thought that a handſome and liberall gratifying of them 
would be made known to the queen, their miſtris, and 
well taken by her, I therefore invited them one morn- 
ing to a collation att St. Dunſtan's taverne, in the great 
room, the Oracle of Apollo, where each of them had his 
plate lay'd by him, covered, and the napkin by it, and 
when they opened their plates, they found in each of 
them forty pieces of gould, of their maſter's coyne, for 
the firſt diſh, and they had cauſe to be much pleaſed with 
this ſurpriſall. 2 

«© The reſt of the muſitians had rewards anſwearable 
to their parts and qualities; and the whole charge of 
the muſicke came to about one thouſand pounds. The 
clothes of .the horſemen reckoned one with another at 

. 100 a ſuit, att the leaſt, amounted to L. 10, 00. 
The charges of all the reſt of the maſque, which were 
borne by the ſocieties, were accounted to be above twenty 
thouſand pounds. 

4 ] was ſo converſant with the muſitians, and ſo will. 
ing to gain their favour, eſpecially at this time, that [ 
compoſed an aier my ſelfe, with the aſſiſtance of Mr. 
Ives, and called it Whztelocke's Coranto; which being 
cried up, was firſt played publiquely by the Blackefryars 
Muſicke, who were then eſteemed the beſt of common muſs- 
tians in London. Whenever I came to that houſe, (as I 
did ſometimes in thoſe dayes, though not often,) to ſee 
a play, the muſitians would preſently play Whitelocke*s 
Coranto ; and it was fo often called for, that they would 
have it played twice or thrice in an afternoone. The 


| queen 
4 Vol, III. p. 376. 


95 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 

queen hearing it, would not be perſuaded that it was 
made by an Engliſhman, bicauſe ſhe ſaid it was fuller 
of life and ſpirit than the Engliſh aters uſed to be; butt 
Me honoured the Coranto and the maker of it with her 
majeſtyes royall commendation. It grew to that requeſt, 
that all the common muſitians in this towne, and all over 
the kingdome, gott the compoſition of itt, and played it 


_ publiquely in all places for above thirtie years after.“ 


The ſtage in Shakſpeare's time ſeems to have been 
Leparated from the pit only by pales 5. Soon after the 
Reſtoration, the band, I imagine, took the ſtation which 
they have kept ever ſince, in an orcheſtra placed be- 
tween the ſtage and the pit®. 

The perſon who ſpoke the prologue, who entered 1m- 
mediately after the third ſounding 7, uſually wore a long 
black velvet cloak , which, I ſuppoſe, was conſidered 

| ay 


S “ And now that I have vaulted up ſo hye, 
«& Above the fage-rayles of this earthen globe, 
4 J muſt turn actor.“ Black Bocke, 4to. 1604. 

See alſo D'Avenant's Playhouſe to be let: 

«© Monſieur, you may draw up your troop of forces 
4“ Within the pales.” 

See the firſt direction in The Tempeſt, altered by D'Avenant and 
Dryden, and acted at the Duke's Theatre in Lincoln's-Inn Fields, in 1667 

«© The front of the ſtage is opened, and the band of twenty-four 
violins, with the harpſicals and theorbos, which accompany the voices, 
are placed between the pit and the tage. If this had not been a novel 
regulation, the direction would have been unneceſſary. 

Cotgrave in his Dictionary, 1611, following the idea of ancient 
Rome, defines Orcbeſ re, «The ſenators? or noblemen's places in a 
theatre, between the ſtage and the common ſeats. Alſo the ſtage it- 
ſelf. If muſicians had ſet in this place, when he wrote, or the term 
orcheftre, in its preſent ſenſe, had been then known, there is reaſon to 
believe that he would have noticed it. See his interpretation of Falot, 
above, in p. 92, n. 3. | 

The word orcheftre is not found in Minſheu's Di. nor Bullokars | 


. Expoſitor. i 


In Cockeram's Interpreter of bard words, 1655, it is defined æ 
Scaffold. l N 

7 & Preſent not your ſelfe on the ſtage, (eſpecially at a new play) 
untill the quaking prologue hath by rubbing got cullor into his cheeks, 
and is ready to give the trumpets their cue, that he's upon the point to 
enter.“ Decker's Guls Hornebook, 1609. 


See the InduRtion to Cynthia's Revell, 1601 | 
1. Child. 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 97 
as beſt ſuited to a ſupplicatory addreſs. Of this cuſtom, 
whatever may have been its origin, ſome traces re- 
mained till very lately; a black coat having been, if I 
miſtake not, within theſe few years, the conſtant ſtage= 

habiliment of our modern prologue-ſpeakers. The com- 
' plete dreſs of the ancient prologue-ſpeaker is till retained 
in the play exhibited in Hamlet, before the king and 
court of Denmark. 
An epilogue does not appear to have been a regular 
appendage to a play in Shakipeare's time ; for many of his 
dramas had none ; at leaſt, they have not been preſerv- 
ed. In Alls Well that Ends Well, A Mid/ummer-Night's 
Dream, As you like it, Troilus and Creſſida, and The Tem- 
peſt, the epilogue is ſpoken by one of the perſons of the 
drama, and adapted to the character of the ſpeaker; a 
circumſtance that I have not obſerved in the epilogues of 
any other author of that age. The epilogue was not 
always ſpoken by one of the performers in the piece ; for 
that ſubjoined to The Second Part of King Henry IV. ap- 
pears to have been delivered by a dancer. | 
The performers of male characters frequently wore peri- 
wigs?, which in the age of Shakſpeare were not in com- 
e mon 


1. Child. © Pray you, away; why children, what do you mean? 
2. Child. © Marry, that you ould not ſpeak the prologue. 
1. Child. Sir, I plead poſleflion of the c/aak, Gentlemen, your 
ſuffrages, for God's ſake.” | 
So, in the prologue to The Coronation, by Shirley, 1640 
6& Since 'tis become the title of our play, 
c A woman once in a coronation may 
ce With pardon ſpeak the prologue, give as free 
4 A welcome to the theatre, as he | 
& That with a little beard, a long black cloak, 
v With a ftarch'd face and ſupple leg, hath ſpoke 
« Before the plays this twelvemonth, let me then 
« Preſent a welcome to thefe gentlemen,” | 
Again, in the prologue to The Woman-Hater, by B. and Fletcher, 
1607: © Gentlemen, inductions are out of date, and a prologue in 
verſe is as ſtale as a black velvet cloake, and a bay garlande,” 
See Hamlet, Act III. ſc. ii. © O, it offends me to the ſoul, to hear 
2 robuſtious periwig- pated fellow tear a paſſion to tatters,” 


Vo. I. PART II. | * So, 


{ 


98 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


mon uſe", It appears from a paſſage in Puttenham's 
Arte of Engliſh Poefie, 1589, that vizards were on ſome 
occaſions uſed by the actors of thoſe days*; and it may 
be inferred from a ſcene in one of our author's comedies, 
that they were ſometimes worn in his time, by thoſe who 
performed female characters s. But this, I imagine, 
was very rare. Some of the female part of the audience 
likewiſe appeared in maſks#, 5 es 
| Bot 


So, in Every Woman in her Humour, 1609: „ As none wear hoods 
but monks and ladies, —and feathers but fore-horſes, &c. none periwigs 
but players and pictures. | 
| i In Hall's Virgidemiarum, 1597, Lib. III. Sat. 5, the faſhion of 
wearing periwigs is ridiculed as a novel and fantaſtick cuſtom: _ 

« Late travailing along in London way, 

« Mee met, as ſeem'd by his Fſguis'd array, 

«& A luftie courtier, whoſe curled head 

cc With abron locks was fairely furniſhed ; 

« I him ſaluted in our laviſh wiſe ; 

& He anſwers my untimely courteſies. 

cr His bonnet vail'd,—or ever he could think, 

„ The unruly winde blowes off his 1 

<« He lights and runs, and quickly hath him ſped, 

4 'Toover-take his over- running head. | 

cc Is't not ſweet pride, when men their crownes muſt ſhade 
6 With that which jerks the hams of every jade; 

6 Or floor-ſtrow'd locks from off the barber's ſhears ? 

© But waxen crownes well gree with borrowed haires.” 

2 c —partly (ſays he) to ſupply the want of players, when there 
were more parts than there were perſons.” 

3 In A Midſummer-Night's Dream, Flute objects to his playing a 
woman's part, becauſe he has „a beard a coming.” But his friend 
Quince tells him, that's all one; you ſhall play it in a maſk, and 
you may ſpeak as ſmall as you will.” 

4 * In our aſſemblies at playes in London, (ſays Goſſon, in hie 
Schoole of Abuſe, 1579, Signat. C.) you ſhall ſee ſuch heaving and 
ſhoving, ſuch ytching and ſhould'ring to fitte by women, ſuch care for 
their garments, that they be not trode on ; ſuch eyes to their lappes, 
that no chippes light in them ; ſuch pillows to their backes, that they 
take no hurte; ſuch maſking in their ears, I know not what; ſuch 
giving them pippins to paſs the time; ſuch playing at foot-ſaunte 
without cardes; ſuch licking, ſuch toying, ſuch ſmiling, ſuch wink- 
ing, ſuch manning them home when the ſports are ended, that it is a 
right comedie to mark their behaviour,” 


80 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 99 


Both the prompter, or book-holder, as he was ſome- 
times called, and the property-man, appear to have been 
regular appendages of our ancient theatres*, 

The ſtage-drefles, it is reaſonable to ſuppoſe, were 
much more coſtly in ſome playhouſes than others. Yet the 
wardrobe of even the king's ſervants at The Globe and 
Blackfriars was, we find, but ſcantily furniſhed ; and 


So alſo the prologue to Marſton's Fazpne, 1606: 
66 — nor doth he hope to win 


c Your laud or hand with that moſt common ſin 

« Of vulgar pens, rank bawdry, that ſmells 

© Even through your maſks, uſque ad nauſeam."? 
Again, in his Scourge of Villainie, 1599: 

cc ——— Diſguiſed Meſſaline, 

4 ]'ll teare thy maſke, and bare thee to the eyne 

& Of hiſſing boyes, if to the theatres 

6 I find thee once more come for lecherers.“ | 

Again, in B. Jonſon's verſes, addreſſed to Fletcher on his Faithful 
Sbepberdeſs: a 
« The wiſe and many-headed bench that fits 
«© Upon the life and death of plays and wits, 
& Compos'd of gameſter, captain, knight, knights man, 
% Lady or puſil, that wears maſke or fan, 
ce Velvet or taffata cap, rank'd in the dark 
& With the ſhops foreman, or ſome ſuch brave ſparke, 
& (That may judge for his fixpence) had, before 
cc They ſaw it half, damn'd thy whole play.“ 
After the Reſtoration, maſks, I believe, were chiefly worn in the 
theatre, by women of the town. Wright complains of the great num- 
ber of maſks in his time: * Of late the play-houſes are ſo extremely 
peſtered with vizard-maſts and their trade, (ocgafioning continual quar- 
rels and abuſes) that many of the more civilized part of the town are 
uneaſy in the company, and ſhun the theatre as they would a houſe of 
ſcandal.” Hiſt. Hiſftrion. 1699, p. 6. ; 
Ladies of unblemiſhed character, however, wore maſks in the boxes, 
In the time of Congreve, In the epilogue to Durfey's comedy called 
The old mode and the new, (no date) the ſpeaker points to the maſks 
in the fde boxes : but 1 am not ſure whether what are now called the 
balconies were not meant. * | 
5 „J aſſure you, fir, we are not ſo officiouſly befriended by him, Ithe 
author, ] as to have his preſence in the tiring- houſe, to prompt us aloud, 
ſtamp at the Bock- holder, ſwear for our properties, curſe the poor tire- 
man, rayle the muſicke out of tune,” &c, Induction to Cynthia's 

Revels, 1601, Ee Re | ns 2 
H 2 our 


— — — [ —6U— — —— 


100 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


our author's dramas derived very little aid from the 
ſplendour of exhibition ©. _ 

It is well known, that in the time of Shakſpeare, and for 
many years afterwards, female charaQers were repreſent- 
ed ſolely. by boys or young men. Naſhe in a pamphlet 

ubliſhed in 1592, ſpeaking in defence of the Engliſh 

age, boaſts that the players of his time were not 
as the players beyond ſea, a ſort of ſquirting bawdie 
comedians, that have whores and common curtizans to 
play women's parts 7.“ What Naſhe conſidered as an 
high eulogy on his country, Prynne has made one of his 
principal ages againſt the Engliſh ſtage; having em- 
ployed ſeveral pages in his bulky volume, and quoted 


many hundred authorities, to prove that thole playes 


wherein any men act women's parts in woman's apparell 
muſt needs be ſinful, yea, abominable unto chriftians .““ 
The grand baſis of his argument is a text in ſcripture ; 
Deuteronomy, Ch. xxii. v. 7. The woman ſhall not wear 
that which pertaineth unto man, neither ſhall a man put 
on a woman's garment :** a precept, which Sir Richard 
Baker has juſtly remarked, is no part of the moral law, 
and ought not to-be underſtood literally. Where (ſays 
Sir Richard) finds he this precept ? 3 in the ſame 


place where he finds alſo that we muſt not weare cloaths of 


' 6 See the induction to Ben Jonſon's Staple of News, acted by the | 


| King's ſervants, in 162 5: 


« © Curioſity, you come to ſee who wears the new ſuit to-day ; 
whoſe cloaths are beſt pen'd, whatever the part be; which actor has 
the beſt leg and foot; what king plays without cuffs, and his queen 
Without gloves: who rides poſt in ſtockings, and dances in boots.” 

It is, however, one of Prynne's arguments againſt the ſtage, in the 
in vective which he publiſhed about eight years after the date of this 
piece, that © the ordinary theatrical interludes were uſually ated in 
7 effeminate, fantaſtick, and gatody apparel.” Hiftriomaſt. 
p- 216. But little credit is to be given to that voluminous zealot, on 
a queſtion of this kind. As the frequenters of the theatre were little 
better than incarnate devils, and the muſick in churches the bleating o 
Brute beaſts, ſo a piece of coarſe ſtuff trimmed with tinſel was probably 
in his opinion a moſt ſplendid and wngodly dreſs. | | 

7 Pierce Pennileſs bis Supplicatien to the Devil, 4to, 1592. 

'$ Hiftriomaſtix, 4to. 1633 p · 179+ hs - 
= | linſey- 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 101 


linſey-woolſey : and ſeeing we lawfully now wear cloaths 
of linſey-woolſey, why may it not be as lawful for men 

to put on women's garments 9?”* | 
It may perhaps be ſuppoſed that Prynne, having 
thus vehemently inveighed againſt men's repreſenting 
female characters on the ſtage, would not have been 
averſe to the introduction of women in the ſcene ; but 
ſinful as this zealot thought it in nen to aſſume the gar- 
ments of the other ſex, he conſidered it as not leſs abo- 
minable in women to tread the ſtage in their own proper 
dreſs: for he informs us, that ſome Frenchwomen, 
or monſters rather, in Michaelmas term, 1629, attempt- 
ed to act a French play at the playhouſe in Blackfriers, 
which he repreſents as an impudent, ſhameful, unwo- 
maniſh, graceleſs, if not more then æoheriſb attempt.“ 
L 1 | There 


9 Theatrum Triumphans, 8vo. 1670, p. 16. Martin Luther's comment 
on this text is as follows: Hic non prohibetur quin ad vitandum peri- 
culum, aut ludendum joco, vel ad fallendum hoſtes, mulier poſſit ge- 
rere arma viri, et vir uti, veſti muliebri; ſed ut ſerio et uſitato habitu 
talia non fiant, ut decora utrique ſexui ſervetur dignitas. And the 
learned Jeſuit, Lorin, concurs with him: „ Diſſimulatio veſtis poteſt 
interdum fine peccato fieri, vel ad repreſentandam comice tragiceve per- 
ſonam, vel ad effugiendum periculum, vel in caſu ſimili.“ Ibid. p. 19. 

1 Hiftriomaſtix, p. 414. He there calls it only an attempt, but in 
a former page (215) he ſays, ** they have now their female players in 
Italy and other foreigne parts, as they had ſuch French women actors 
in a play not long ſince perſonated in Blackfriers playhouſe, to wwbjch 
there was great reſort.” In the margin be adds“ in Michaelmas 
terme, 1629. His account is confirmed by Sir Henry Herbert's Of. 
fice-book, in which I find the following notice of this exhibition: 

cc For the allowinge of a French company to playe a farſe at Black. 
fryers, this 4 of November, 1629,—L£.2. o. o.“ 

The ſame company attempted an exhibition both at the Red Bull 
and the Fortune theatres, as appears from the following entries: 

cc For allowinge of the Frenche [company] at the Red Bull for a 
daye, 22 Novemb. 1629,—[£{.2. O. o.] | 

For allowinge of a Frenche companie att the Fortune to play one 
afternoone, this 14 of Decemb. 1629,—F£.1. o. o. 

tc T ſhould have had another peece, but in reſpect of their ill fortune, 
T was content to beſtow a peece back.” MY, Herbert. 

Prynne, in conformity to the abſurd notions which have been ſtated 
in the text, inſerted in his Index —_ words: „ Women actors notori- 

5 ous 


12 _ HISTORICAL ACCOUNT. 


Soon after the period he ſpeaks of, a regular French 
theatre was eſtabliſhed in London, where without 
doubt women actedꝰ. They had long before appeared 


on the Italian as well as the French ſtage. When 

| | Coryate 
ous wwhbores :” by which he ſo highly offended the king and queen, that 
he was tried in the Star-chamber, and ſentenced to be impriſoned for 
life, fined C. 5000, expelled Lincoln's Inn, diſbarred and diſquali- 
fied to practiſe the law, degraded of his degree in the univerſity, to be 
ſet on the pillory, his ears cut off, and his book burnt by the hands of 
the common hangman, ** which rigorous ſentence,” ſays Whitelocke, 
«© was as rigoroully executed. I quote theſe words as given by Dr. 
Burney from Whitelocke's Manuſcript. It is remarkable that in his 
printed MEMORIAL Ss the word rigorous is omitted; from which there 
is reaſon to believe that the editor in 1682 took ſome liberties with the 
manuſcript from which that book wis printed. The words there are, 
« ew-wbich ſentence was as ſeverely executed. 

In p. 708 of Prynne's book is the following note, the inſertion of 
which probably incenſed their majeſties, who often performed in the 
court-maſques, not leſs than what has been already mentioned: 

© It is infamous in this author's judgment [Dion Caſſius] for em- 
perors or perſons of quality to dance upon a ſtage, or act a play.“ 

2 In the Office-book of Philip Earl of Pembroke and Montgome- 
ry, I find a warrant for payment of C. 10. “ to Jofias Floridor for him- 
ſelfe and the reſt of the French players, for a tragedy by them acted 
before his Majeſtie in Dec. laſt.” Dated Jan. 8, 1635-6, Their houſe 
had been licenſed, April 18, 1635. I find alſo & C. 10. paid to John 
Navarro for himſelf and the reſt of the company of Spaniſp players, for 
a play preſented before his Majeſtie, Dec. 23, 1635. 

We have already ſeen that Henrietta Maria had a precedent for in- 
troducing the comedians of her own country into England, King 
Henry the Seventh having likewiſe had a company of French players. 

Sir Henry Herbert's manuſcript furniſhes us with the following no- 
tices on this ſubject: | 
 « On tueſday night the 17 of February, 1634, [ 1634-5] a Frenche 
company of players, being aproved of by the queene-at her houſe too 
nights before, and commended by her majeſty to the kinge, were ad- 
. mitted to the Cockpitt in Whitehall, and there preſented the king and 

ueene with a Frenche comedy. called Meliſe, with good aprobation: 
for which play the king gives them ten pounds, 

& This day being friday, and the 20 of the ſame monthe, the kinge 
tould mee his pleaſure, and commanded mee to give order that this 
Frenche company ſhould playe the too ſermon daies in the weeke, 
during their time of playinge in Lent, and in the houſe of Drury-lane, 
where the queenes players uſually playe. 

“The kings pleaſure I fignifyed to Mr. Beeſton, [the Manager of 
Drury- lane theatre] the ſame day, who obeyd readily, By 

: 66 £ 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE, 103 


Coryate was at Venice, [July 1608, ] he tells us, he was 
at one of their playhouſes, and ſaw a comedy acted. The 


ce The houſe-keepers are to give them by promiſe the benefit of their 
intereſt for the too days of the firſt weeke. | 

« They had the benefitt of playinge on the ſermon daies, and 
gott two hundred pounds at leaſt ; . beſides many rich clothes were given 

em. . A 

« They had freely to themſelves the whole weeke before the weeke 
before Eaſter, which I obtaynd of the king for them. 

c Rhe 4 Aprill, on Eaſter monday, they playd the Trompeur puny, 

with better approbation than the other. 

On Wenſday night the 16 Aprill, 1635, the French playd Aci- 
medor with good aprobation.“ | 

In a marginal note Sir Henry Herbert adds, *© The Frenche offered 
mee a preſent of £.10; but I refuſed itt, and did them many other 
curteſys, gratis, to render the queene my miſtris an acceptable ſer. 
vice. 8 5 

It appears from a ſubſequent paſſage, that in the ſollowing month 2 
theatre was erected expreſsly for this troop of comedians, 

« A warant granted to Joſias d'Aunay, Hurfries de Lau, and 
others, for to act playes at a new houſe in Drury-lane, during pleaſure, 
5e 5 may, 1635. | 

© The king was pleaſed to commande my Lord Chamberlain to di- 
rect his warrant to Monfieur Le Fevure, to give him a power to contract 
with the Frenchemen for to builde a playhouſe in his manage-houſe, 
which was done accordinglye by my adviſe and allowance.” 

& Thes Frenchmen,” Sir Henry adds in the margin, ““ were com. 
mended unto mee by the queene, and have paſt through my handes, 

ratis. 

They did not however paſs quite free, for from a ſubſequent entry it 
appears, that © they gave Blagrave [Sir Henry's deputy] three pounds 
for his paines.“ 

In the following, December the French paſtoral of Florimene was 
ated at court by the young ladies who attended the queen from 
France. 

„ The paſtorall of Florimene, (ſays Sir Henry) with the deſcription 
of the ſceanes and interludes, as it was ſent mee by Mr. Inigo e 
I allowed for the preis, this 14 of Decemb. 1635. The paſtorall is in 
French, and tis the argument only, put into Engliſh, that I have 
allowed to be printed. | 

Le paſtorale de Florimene fuſt repreſente devant le roy et la royne, 
le prince Charles, et le prince Palatin, le 21 Decem. jour de St. 
Thomas, par les filles Frangoiſe de la royne, et firent tres bien, 
dans la grande ſale de Whitehall, aux depens de la royne.“ Mi. 


Herbert, | 
H 4 houſe, 


TT — — 


* 
_ 


> — 


— 


4 
+3 
11 
if 
*Yy 
: 


_ 


— 


ES 


— 
2 


* 8 > — 


— — 5 a 
eee ͤv—ik— ——— —— — — 


104 + HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


houſe, (he adds) is very beggarly and baſe, in compariſon 
of our ſtately playhouſes in England ; neither can their 
actors compare with us for apparell, ſhewes, and mu- 
ſicke. Here obſerved certaine things that I never ſaw 
before; for I ſaw women act, a thing that I never ſaw 
before, though I have heard that it hath been ſome 
times uſed in London ; and they performed it with as 
good a grace, action, geſture, and whatſoever conve- 
nient for a player, as ever I ſaw any maſculine actors.“ 

The practice of men's performing the parts of women 
In the ſcene 1s of the higheſt antiquity. On the Grecian 
ſage no women certainly ever aded. From! Plutarch's 
Lite of Phocion, we learn, that in his time (about three 
hundred and eighteen years before the Chriſtian era) the 
performance of a tragedy at Athens was interrupted for 
ſome time by one of the actors, who was to perſonate 
a queen, refuſing to come on the ſtage, becauſe he had 
not a ſuitable maſk and dreſs, and a train of attendants 
richly habited ; and Demoſthenes in one of his orations“ 
mentions Theodorus and Ariſtodemus as having often 


repreſented the Antigone of Sophocles 5, This fact is alſo 
4. | aſcertained 


3 Coryate's Crudities, to. 1611, p. 247. I have found no ground 
for this writer's aſſertion, that female performers had appeared on the 
Engliſh ſtage before he wrote. ; 

4 De fals. leg. tom. ii. p. 199, edit. Taylor. | 

s See alſo Lucian. de Salt. II. 285, edit. Hemſterhuſii. Be. 
cauſe” (ſays that lively writer) „ at firſt you preferred tragedy and 
comedy and vagrant fidlers and finging to the harpe, before dancing, 
calling them truly exerciſes, and therefore commendable, let us, I 
pray, compare them ſeverally with dancing. Where, if it pleaſe you, 
we will paſs the pipe and harpe as parts and inftruments of dancing, 
and conſider tragedy as it is; firſt, according to its propertyes and 
dreſs. What a deformed and frightfull fight is it, to ſee a man raiſed 
to a prodigious length, ſtalking upon exalted buſkins, his face diſguiſed 
with a grimme vizard, widely gaping, as if he meant to devour the 
ſpectators? I forbear to ſpeake of his ſtuft breſts, and fore-bellyes, 
which make an adventitious and artificial corpulency, left his un- 
natural length ſhould carry diſproportion to his ſlenderneſſe: as alſo 
his clamour from within, when he breakes open and unlockes himſelfe; 
when he howles iambicks, and moſt ridiculouſly fings his own ſuf- 
ferings, and renders himſelf by his very tone odious. For as for the 
reſt, they are inventions of ancient poets, Yet as long as he perſo- 


| nates only ſome Andromache and Hecuba, his finging is tolerable, _ 
or 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. oz 


aſcertained by an anecdote preſerved by Aulus Gellius. 
A very celebrated actor, whoſe name was Polas, was 
appointed to perform the part of Electra in Sophocles's 
play; who in the progreſs of the drama appears with an 
urn in her hands, containing, as ſhe ſuppoles, the aſhes 
of Oreſtes. The actor having ſome time before been 
deprived by death of a beloved ſon, to indulge his grief, 
as it ſhould ſeem, procured the urn which contained 
the aſhes of his child, to be brought from his tomb; 
which affected him ſo much, that when he appeared 
with it on the ſcene, he embraced it with unfeigned 
ſorrow, and burſt into tears ®. | 
That on the Roman ftage alſo female parts were 
repreſented by men in tragedy, 1s aſcertained by one 
of Cicero's letters to Atticus, in which he ſpeaks of 
Antiphos, who performed the partof Andromache; and by 
A ure 91 in Horace, who informs us, that Fuſius Phocæus 
being to perform the part of Ilione, the wife of Polym- 
neſtor, in a tragedy written either by Accius or Pacuvius, 


for a Hercules to enter dolefully ſinging, and to forget himſelf, and 
neither to regard his lyons ikinne, nor clubbe, muſt needs appear to 
any judging man a ſoleciſme. And whereas you diſlike that in dan- 
cing men ſhould act women; this 25 reprehenſion, which holds for 
tragedies and comedyes too, in which are more womens parts, then 
mens.“ Dialogue on dancing, tranſlated by Jaſper Mayne, folio, 1664. 


6s Hiſtrio in terra Grzcia fuit fama celebri, qui geſtus et vocis cla- 


ritudine et venuſtate ceteris anteſtabat. Nomen fuiſſe aiunt Polum 
tragedias poetarum nobilium ſcite atque aſſeverate actitavit. Is Polus 
unice amatum filium morte amiſit, Eum luctum quum ſatis viſus eſt 
eluxiſſe, rediit ad quæſtum artis. In eo tempore Athenis Electram 
Sophoclis acturus, - geſtare urnam quaſi cum Oreſti offibus debebat. 
Ita compoſitum fabulæ argumentum eſt, ut veluti fratris reliquias 
ferens Electra comploret commiſeraturque interitum ejus, qui per 
vim extinctus exiſtimatur. Igitur Polus lugubri habitu Electræ in- 
dutus oſſa atque urnam a ſepulchro tulit filii, et quaſi Oreſti amplex- 
us opplevit omnia non ſimulachris neque imitamentis, ſed luctu at- 
que lamentis veris et ſpirantibus. Itaque quum agi fabula videretur, 
dolor actus eſt,” Aul. Gel. Lib. VII. c. 7. 

Olivet in a note on one of Cicero's letters to Atticus, (I. iv. c. 15.) 
mentions a ſimilar anecdote of an actreſs called Seia, for which he 
quotes the authority of Plutarch; but no ſuch perſon is mentioned by 
that writer, Seia, according to Olivet, performed the part of Andro- 
mache. I ſuſpect he meant to cite Petrarch, 

6 Epiſtol. ad Atticum, Lib. IV. c. 15. 


and 


106 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


and being in the courſe of the play to be awakened out 
of ſleep by the cries of the ſhade of Polydorus, got ſo 
drunk, that he fell into a real and profound ſleep, from 
which no noiſe could rouſe him?. 

Horace indeed mentions a female performer, call- 
ed Arbuſcula®; but as we find from his own authority 
that men perſonated women on the Roman ſtage, ſhe 
probably was only an embo/iaria, who performed in the 
interludes and dances exhibited between the acts and at 
the end of the play. Servius? calls her ima, but that 
may mean nothing more than one who aQed in the 
mimes, or danced in the pantomime dances“; and this 
ſeems the more probable from the manner in which ſhe is 
mentioned by Cicero, from whom we learn that the part of 
Andromache was performed by a male aQor on that very 
day when Arbuſcula exhibited with the higheſt applauſe “. 
The ſame practice prevailed in the time of the emper- 
ors; for in the liſt of parts which Nero, with a prepoſter- 
ous ambition, acted in the publick theatre, we find that 
of Canace, who was repreſented in labour on the ſtage *. 
In the interludes exhibited between the acts undoubt- 
edly women appeared. The elder Pliny informs us 
that a female named Lucceia acted in theſe interludes 
for an hundred years; and Galeria Copiola for above 
ninety years; having been firſt introduced on the ſcene 
in the fourteenth year of her age, in the year of Rome 
672, when Caius Marius the younger and Cneius Carbo 
were conſuls, and having performed in the 104th year 
of her age, ſix years before the death of Auguſtus, in 


7 6 Non magis audivit quam Fuſius ebrius olim, 
. 6 Cum llionam edormit, Catienis mille ducentis, 
« Mater te appello, clamantibus. Sat. Lib. II. Sat. 3. 
Compare Cicero, Tuſculan. I. 44. | 1 
3 * ſatis eſt equitem mihi plaudere, ut audax | 
6 Contemptis aliis exploſa Arbuſcula dixit.“ Lib. I. Sat. 10. 
9 In Eclog. x. | 
* Sunt Mimi, ut ait Claudianus, qui lætis ſalibus facete riſum mo- 
vent; Pantomimi vero, ut idem ait, “ nutu manibuſque loquaces.“ 
Vet. Schol. : 
1 Epiſtol. ad Atticum, l. iv. c. 15. 
2 Sueton. in Nerone, c. 21. 


/ 


the 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. toy 


the conſulate of C. Poppzus and Quintus Sulpicius, 
A. U. C.:762*. | 
Eunuchs alſo ſometimes repreſented women on the 
Roman ſtage, as they do at this day in Italy; for we 
find that Sporus, who made ſo conſpicuous a figure in 
the time of Nero, being appointed in the year 70, [A. 
U.. C. 823] to perſonate a nymph, who, in an interlude 
exhibited before Vitellius, was to be carried off by a 
raviſher, rather than endure the indignity of wearing a 
female dreſs on the ſtage, put himſelf to death“: a ſin- 


gular end for one, who about ten years before had been 


ublickly eſpouſed to Nero, in the hymeneal veil, and 
had been carried through one of the ſtreets of Rome by 
the ſide of that monſter, in the imperial robes of the 
empreſſes, ornamented with a profuſion of jewels. 
| Thus ancient was the uſage, which, though not adopted 
in the neighbouring countries of France and Italy, pre- 
vailed in England from the infancy of the 7 The 
prejudice againſt women appearing on the ſcene con- 
tinued ſo ſtrong, that till near the time of the Reſto- 


ration boys conſtantly performed female characters; and, 


ſtrange as it may now appear, the old practice was 
not deſerted without many apologies for the indecorum 
of the novel uſage. In 1659 or 1660, in imitation of the 
foreign theatres, women were firſt introduced on the 
ſcene. In 1656, indeed, Mrs. Coleman, the wife of Mr. 
Edward Coleman, repreſented {anthe in the Firſt Part 
of D*Avenant's, Siege of Rhodes; but the little ſhe had to 
ſay was ſpoken in recitative. The firſt woman that ap- 
peared in any regular drama on a publick ſtage, per- 
formed the part of Deſdemona; but who the lady was, I 
am unable to aſcertain. The play of Othello is enume- 
rated by Downes as one of the ſtock-plays of the king's 
company on their opening their theatre in Drury-lane in 
April 1663; and it appears from a paper found with Sir 
Henry Herbert's Office-book, and indorſed by him“, 


3 Plin. Hiſt. Nat. Lib. VIII. c. 48. | 
4 Xiphilini Vitel. p. 209, edit. H. Stephani, folio, 1592. 


5 See the liſt of plays belonging to the Red Bull, in a ſubſequent 


page, ad ann. 1660. 
— that 


— — —ämüän en 


108 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


that it was one of the ſtock-plays of the ſame company 
from the time they began to play without a patent at 
the Red Bull in St. John-ftreet. Mrs. Hughs performed 
the part of Deſdemona in 1663, when the company re- 
moved to Drury-lane, and obtained the title of the king's 
ſervants; but whether ſhe performed with them while 
they played at the Red Bull, or in Vere-ftreet near 
Claremarket, has not been aſcertained. Perhaps Mrs. 
Saunderſon made her firſt eſſay there, though ſhe after- 
wards was enliſted in D'Avenant's company. The re- 
ceived tradition is, that ſhe was the firſt Engliſh aQtreſs 3, 
The verſes which were ſpoken by way of introducing a 
female to the audience, were written by Thomas Jordan, 
and being only found ina very ſcarce miſcellany !“, I ſhall 
here tranicribe them : | 

« 4 Prologue, to introduce the firſt woman that came to act 
on the ftage, in the tragedy called The Moor of Venice. 


«« I come, unknown to any of the reſt, 

4 To tell you news; I ſaw the lady dreſt: 

4 The woman plays to day: miſtake me not, 
«© No man in gown, or page in petticoat: 
« A woman to my knowledge; yet I can't, 
44 If I ſhould die, make affidavit on't, 


5 Mrs, Saunderſon (afterwards Mrs. Betterton) played Juliet, Ophelia, 
and, I believe, Cordelia. 

It ſhould ſeem from the 22d line of the Epilogue ſpoken on the 
eccaſion, that the lady who performed Deſdemona was an unmarried 
woman. Mrs. Hughs was married. The principal unmarried actreſs 
in the King's company appears to have been Mrs. Marſhall, who is 
faid to have been afterwards ſeduced under a pretence of marriage by 
Aubrey de Vere, earl of Oxford, and who might have been the original 
female performer of Deſdemona. At that time every unmarried woman 
bore the title of Miſtreſs. | 

It is ſaid in a book of no authority, (Curl's Hiftory of the Stage,) 
and has been repeated in various other compilations, that Mrs. Norris, 
the mother of the celebrated comedian known by the name of Jubilee 
Dick, was the firſt actreſs who appeared on the Engliſh tage : but this 
3s highly improbable. Mrs. Norris, who was in D*Avenant's com- 
pany, certainly had appeared in 1662, but ſhe was probably not young 
for ſhe played Goody Tell in Town Shifts, a comedy acted in 1671, 
and the Nurſe in Reformation, acted in 1675. | 

4 Al Royal Arbour of Loyal Poefie, by Thomas Jordan, no date, but 
printed, 1 believe, in 1662. Jordan was an actor as well as a poet. 


«« Do 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 


. Do you not twitter, gentleman ? I know 
«© You will be cenſuring: do it fairly though. 

«c *Tis po/fble a virtuous woman may | 

4 Abhor all ſorts of looſeneſs, and yet play; 

« Play on the ſtage, - where all eyes are upon her: 
« Shall we count that a crime, France counts an honour? 
In other kingdoms huſbands ſafely truſt em; 

«© The difference lies only in the cuſtom. 

«<< And let it be our cuſtom, I adviſes; 

«© I'm ſure this cuſtom's better then th? exciſe, 

«<< And may procure as cuſtom : hearts of flint 
Will melt in paſſion, when a woman's in't. 


«© But gentlemen, you that as judges fit 
<< In the ſtar- chamber of the houſe, the pit, 
Have modeſt thoughts of her; pray, do not run 
<< To give her viſits when the play is done, 
„With © damn me, your moſ humble ſervant, lady; 
5 She knows theſe things as well as you, it may be: 
Not a bit there, dear gallants, ſhe doth know 
«© Her own deſerts, —and your temptations too.— 
«© But to the point: In this reforming age 
«© We have intents to civilize the ſtage. 
Our women are defective, and fo ſiz d, | 
«© You'd think they were ſome of the guard diſguis'd ; 
<« For, to ſpeak truth, men act, that are between 
Forty and fifty, wenches of fifteen ; | 
«© With bone ſo large and nerve ſo incompliant, 
«© When you call DzsDEMoNa, enter GIANT. 
«© We ſhall purge every thing that is unclean, 
« [aſcivious, ſcurrilous, impious, or obſcene ; 
«© And when we've put all things in this fair way, 
« BAREBONES himſelf may come to ſee a plays. 


3 


5 See alſo the Prologue to The Second Part of the Siege of Rhodes, 
(acted in April, 1662,) which was ſpoken by a woman: 

« Hope little from our poet's wither'd wit, 

«« From infant players, ſcarce grown puppets yet; 
« Hope from our women leſs, whoſe baſhful fear 

« Wonder'd to ſee me dare to enter here: 


« Each 


—Uñ— A 2 — 


wo HISTORICAL ACCOUNT: 
The Epilogue which conſiſts of but twelve lines, is in 
the ſame ſtrain of apology : | 


* And how do you like her? Come, what is't ye drive at? 
«« She's the ſame thing in publick as in private; 
«© As far from being what you call a whore, 
«© As Deſdemena, injur'd by the Moor: 

c Then he that cenſures her in ſuch a caſe, 

« Hath a foul blacker than Othello's face. 

« But, ladies, what think you? for if you tax 

«« Her freedom with diſhonour to your ſex, 

« She means to act no more, and this ſhall be 

* Na other play but her own tragedy. 

« She will ſubmit to none but your commands, 
« And take commiſſion only from your hands.“ 


From a paper in Sir Henry Herbert's handwriting I 
find that Ozhe/lo was performed by the Red-Bull com- 
pany, (afterwards, his Majeſties ſervants,) at their new 
theatre in Vere-ſtitet, near Claremarket, on Saturday 
December 8, 1660, for the firſt time that winter. On that 
day therefore it is probable an actreſs firſt appeared on 
the Engliſh ſtage. This theatre was opened on Thurſ- 
day November 8, with the play of K. Henry the Fourth, 
Moſt of Jordan's prologues and epilogues appear to have 
been written for that company. B? 

It is certain, however, that for ſome time after the 
Reſtoration men alſo ated female parts*; and Mr. 
ran LoRER | Kynaſton 
ce Each took her leave, and wiſh'd my danger paſt, 
44 And though I come back ſafe and undiſgrac'd, 
C Yet when they ſpy the wits here, then I doubt 
4 No amazon can make them venture out; 

.«« Though I advis'd them not to fear you much, 

c For I preſume not half of you are ſuch.” “ 
In a prologue to a play repreſented before King Charles the Se- 
gond very ſoon after his Reſtoration, of which I know not the title, 


are theſe lines, from which it appears that ſome young men acted the 


b 


parts of women in that piece : 
| 464 — we are ſorry : 
c We ſhould this night attend on ſo much glory 
4 With ſuch weak worth; or your clear ſight engage 
4 To view the remnants of a ruin'd ſtage : 
« For doubting we ſhould never play again, 
& We have play's all our women into men 


cc That 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 115 


Kynaſton even after women had aſſumed their proper 
rank on the ſtage, was not only endured, but admired, 
if we may believe a contemporary writer; who aſſures us, 
« that being then very young, he made a complete 
ſtage beauty, performing his parts ſo well, (particularly 
Arthiope and Aglaura) that it has ſince been diſputable 
among the judicious, whether any woman that ſucceeded 
him, touched the audience ſo ſenſibly as he 7.” 

In D' Avenant's company, the firſt actreſs that appeared 
was probably Mrs. Saunderſon, who performed /anthe in 
The Siege of Rhodes on the opening of his new theatre 
in Lincoln's-Inn Fields, in April 16625. It does not 
appear from Downes's account, that while D*Avenant's 
company performed at the Cockpit in Drury-lane during 
the years 1659, 1660 and 1661, they had any female 


performer among them: or that Othello was acted by 


them at that period. | 

In the infancy of the Engliſh ſtage it was cuſtomar 
in every piece to introduce a Clown, “ by his ke 
geſtures to breed in the leſs capable mirth and laughter?,”” 


The privileges of the Clown were very extenſive; for, 


between the acts, and ſometimes between the ſcenes, he 


claimed a right to enter on the ſtage, and to excite mer- 


riment by any ſpecies of buffoonery that ſtruck him. 
Like the Harlequin of the Italian Comedy, his wit was 


c That are of ſuch large ſize for fleſh and bones, 
„ They'll rather be taken for amazons 
& Than tender maids ; but your mercy doth pleaſe 
« Daily to paſs by as great faults as theſe : 
cc If this be pardon'd, we ſhall henceforth bring 
« Better oblations to my lord the king.” 
| | | A Royal Arbour, &c. p. 12, 
The author of Hiftoria Hiftrionica ſays, that Major Mohun played 
Bellamente in Shirley's Lowe's Cruelty, after the Reſtoration; and 
Cibber mentions, that Kynaſton told him he had played the part of 
Evadne in the Maid's Tragedy, at the ſame period, with ſucceſs, The 
apology made to King Charles the Second for a play not beginning in 
due time, (“, that the gueen was not paved,” )is well known, The queen 
is ſaid (but on no good authority) to have been Kynaſton. 
7 Roſcius Anglicanus, p. 19. 
8 In the following year ſhe married Mr. Betterton, and not in 1670, 


as is erroneouſly aſſerted in the Biograpbia Britannica. She acted by 


the name of Mrs. Betterton in The Sligbted Maid, in 1663. 
9 Heywood's Hiſt. of Women, 1624. 
often 


an 


— O n K— ——xꝛñů——ů——— —vuL— 1 


— 


— — 


_— 


— —— — — - 


——— 


—— ——— 2 —ä—ͤͤ — 


- 


112 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


often extemporal, and he ſometimes. entered into 2 con- 
teſt of raillery and ſarcaſm with ſome of the audience l. 
He generally threw his thoughts into hobbling doggrel 
verſes, which he made ſhorter or longer as he found 
convenient ; but, however irregular his metre might be, 
or whatever the length of his verſes, he always took 
care to tag them with words of correſponding ſound : 
like Dryden's Dogo, 81 N 

«© He fagotted his notions as they fell, 

4 And if they rhym'd and rattled, all was well.“ 
Thomas Wilſon and Richard Tarleton, both ſworn 
ſervants to Queen Elizabeth, were the moſt popular 
performers of that time in this department of the drama, 
and are highly praiſed by the Continuator of Stowe's 
Annals, for “their wondrous, plentiful, pleaſant, and 


extemporal wit. Tarleton, whoſe comick powers were 
ſo 


* In Brome's Antipodes, which was performed at the theatre in Sa- 
Iitbury-court, in 1638, a by-play, as he calls it, is repreſented in his 
comedy; a word for the application of which we are indebted to this 
writer, there being no other term in our language that I know of, 
which ſo properly expreſſes that ſpecies of interlude which we find in 
our poet's Hamlet and ſome other pieces. The actors in this by-play 
being called together by Lord Letoy, he gives them ſome inſtructions 
concerning their mode of acting, which prove that the clowns in Shak- 
ſpeare's time frequently held a dialogue with the audience: | 

6 Let. Go; be ready. — 
« But you, fir, are incorrigible, and 
& Take licence to yourſelf to add unto BY 
ce Your parts your own free fancy; and ſometimes 
4 To alter or diminiſh what the writer 
& With care and ſkill compos'd, and when you are 
4 To ſpeak to your co-aftors in the ſcene, 
« You bold interlocution with the audients. | 
& Bip. That is a way, my lord, hath been allow'd 
« On elder ſtages, to move mirth and laughter, 
& Let, Ves, in the days of Tarleton and Tempe, 
e Before the ſtage was purg'd from barbariſm, | 
é And brought to the perfection it now ſhines with. 
4 Then fools and jeſters ſpent their wit, becauſe 
d The poets were wife enough to ſave their own 
« For profitabler uſes.” _ | 
2 Howes's edition. of Stowe's Chronicle, 1631, p. 698. | 5 
See alſo Gabriel Harvey's Four Letters, to. 1592, 77 3 c Who in 


London hath not heard of — his fond diſguiſinge of a er of 17 8 
4 8 : - with 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 113 

fo great, that, according to Sir Richard Baker, “ he 
delighted the ſpectators before he had ſpoken a word,“ 
is thus deſcribed in 4 very rare old pamphlet: The | 
next, by his ſute of ruſfet, his buttoned cap, his taber, | 
his ſtanding on the toe, and other tricks, I knew to be E 
either the body or reſemblance of Tarlton, who living. 
for his pleaſant conceits was of all men liked, and, dying, | 
for mirth left not his like.” In 1611 was publiſhed a 
book entitled his Feafts, in which ſome ſpecimens are 
as of the extempore wit which our anceſtors thought 
o excellent. As he was performing ſome part at the 
Bull in Biſhops-gate-ſtreet, where the Queenes players 
oftentimes played, while he was kneeling down to 
aſke his fathers bleſſing, a fellow in the gallery threw 
an apple at him, which hit him on the cheek. He imme- 
diately took up the apple, and advancing to the audience, 
addreſſed them in theſe lines: 1 

« Gentlemen, this fellow, with his face of mapple “, 3 

e Inſtead of a pippin hath throwne me an apple; 14 

7 But as for an apple he hath caſt a crab, 

& So inſtead of an honeſt woman God hath ſent him a | 

drab. 75 8 | || | 


—— —— — —  — 


— — — n 


6 The 


with ruffianly haire, unſeemely apparell, and more unſeemely com- 
pany; his vaineglorious and Thraſonicall bravery; his piperly eætempo- 
riſing and Tarletonixing? &c. e | 
3 Kind- Hartes Dreame, by Henry Chettle, 4to. no date, but pub- | 
liſhed in Dec. 1592 | 3 5 
4 This appears to have been formerly a common ſarcaſm. There E 
is a tradition yet preſerved in Stratford, of Shakfpeare's comparing || | 
the carbuncled face of a drunken blackſmith'to a maple, The black- {| 
{ſmith accoſted him, as he was leaning over a-mercer's door, with - - | | 
c Now, Mr. SHAKSPEARE, tell me, if you can, | | 
„„The difference between a youth and a young man.“ — 
to which our poet immediately replies. '1 I 
« Thou fon of fire, with thy face like a maple, N Y | 
„ The ſame difference as between a ſcalded and a coddled :{ | 
apple. ; | 2 | = 
This 5 was related near fifty years ago to a gentleman at s | 
Stratford by a perſon then above eighty years of age, 'whoſe father 1 
might have been contemporary with Shakſpeare. It is obſervable that | 
a fimilar imagery may be traced in the Comedy of Errors: 
«© Though now this grained face of mine be hid,” &. 
The bark of the maple is uncommonly rough, and the grain of one = 
Vor, I. PazxT II. | *I of j 


114 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


The people,” ſays the relater, laughed heartily ; 
for the fellow had a quean to his wife,” | 

Another of theſe ſtories, which I ſhall give in the 
author's own words, eſtabliſhes what I have already 
mentioned, that it was cuſtomary for the clown to talk 
to the audience or the actors ad libitum. | 

At the Bull at Biſhops-gate, was a play of Henry 
the V. | the performance which preceded Shakſpeare's, | 
wherein the judge was to take a box on the eare; 
and becauſe he was abſent that ſhould take the blow, 
Tarlton himſelfe, ever forward to pleaſe, tooke upon 
him to play the ſame judge, beſides his own part of 
the clowne; and Knel, then playing Henry the Fifth, 
hit Tarlton a ſound box indeed, which made the people 
laugh the more, becauſe it was he: but anon the judge 


goes in, and immediately Tarlton in his clownes cloaths 


comes out, and aſks the actors, What news ? O, ſaith 
one, had'ſt thou been here, thou ſhouldeſt have ſeen 
Prince Henry hit the judge a terrible box on the eare. 
What, man, ſaid Tarlton, ſtrike a judge! It is true, 


Pfaith, ſaid the other. No other like, ſaid Tarlton, 


and it could not be but terrible to the judge, when the 
report fo terrifies me, that methinks the blowe remains 
ſtill on my cheeke, that it burnes again. The people 
laught at this mightily, and to this day I have heard 


it commended for rare; but no marvel, for he had many 


of theſe. But I would ſee our clownes in theſe days doe 
the like. No, I warrant ye; and yet they thinke well 
of themſelves too. | 

The laſt words ſhew that this practice was not diſcon- 
tinued in the time of Shakſpeare, and we here ſee that 
he had abundant reaſon for his precept in Hamlet- 
% Let thoſe that play your clowns, ſpeak no more than is 
ſet down for them ; for there be of them, that will them- 
ſelves laugh, to ſet on ſome quantity of barren ſpectators 
to laugh too; though i the mean time ſome neceſſary queſ= 
tion of the play be then to be conſider d. ; 


of the ſorts of this tree (according to Evelyn) is (c undulated and 


T his 


criſped into variety of curls,”* 1 


— — . — a. ei 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. ung 


This practice was undoubtedly coeval with the Eng- 
{iſh ſtage ; for we are told that Sir Thomas More, while 
he lived as a page with Archbiſhop Moreton, (about the 
year 1490,). as the Chriſtmas plays were going on in the 
palace, would ſometimes ſuddenly ſtep upon the ſtage, 
without ſtudying for the matter, and exhibit a part of 
his own, which gave the audience much more entertain- 
ment than the whole performance beſides 5. 

But the peculiar province of the Clown was to enter- 
tain the audience after the play was finiſhed, at which 
time themes were ſometimes given to him by ſome of the 
ſpectators, to deſcant uponꝰ; but more commonly the 
audience were entertained by a jig. A jig was a lu- 
dicrous metrical compoſition, often in rhime, which was 
ſung by the Clown, who likewiſe, I believe, occaſion- 


ally danced, and was always accompanied by a tabor 
and pipe?. In theſe jigs more perſons than one 
. | | Were 

5 Roper's Life and Death of More, 8 vo. 1716, p. 3. 

6 6 I remember I was once at a play in the country, where, as 
Tarlton's uſe was, the play being done, every one ſo pleaſed to throaeo 
vp bis theame amongſt all the reſt one was read to this effect, word 
by word : | 

N « Tarlton, I am one of thy friends, and none of thy foes, 
«© Then I pr'ythee tell how thou cam'ſ by thy flat noſe,” &c. 

To this challenge Tarleton immediately replied in four lines of looſe 
verſe. Tarlton's Feaſts, 4to. 1611. | 

7 ce Out upon them, [ the players, ] they ſpoile our trade, they open 
our croſſe-biting, our conny-catching, our traines, our traps, our 
Zins, our ſnares, our ſubtilties; for no ſooner have we a tricke of de- 
ceipt, but they make it common, ſinging gigs, and making jeaſts of 
us, that every boy can point out our houſes as they paſſe by”. 

5 Kind- Hartes Dreame, Signat. E 3. b. 

See allo Pierce Pennileſſe, &c. 1 592: 

= like the queint comedians of our time, 
«© That when the play is done, do fall to rhime, &c. 

So, in A firange Horſe-race, by Thomas Decker, 1613: 

; £6 Now as after the cleare ſtream hath glided away in his one cur- 
rent, the bottom is muddy and troubled ; and as I have often ſeen after 
tbe finiſhing of ſome wortby tragedy or cataſtrophe in the open theatres, 
that the ſceane, after the epilogue, hath been more black, about a 
naſty bawdy jigge, then the moſt horrid ſcene in the play was; the 
ſtinkards ſpeaking all things, yet no man underſtanding any thing; a 


mutiny being amongſt them, yet _ in danger; no tumult, and yet 
2 Ee 


| 


— — 


— — — 


EE % ·² . 6 ˙ f ] ͥiuꝑBABbB ³˙·- EE 


„ EE_E_COAGRT IE I ED CO SE TI... LoL an ads 


" CCC — ——— U ⏑— —·˙ ä K —— — — K 


116 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


were ſometimes introduced. The original of the en- 
tertainment which this buffoon afforded our anceſtors 
s between 


no quietneſs; ; no miſchiefe begotten, and yet miſchiefe borne z the 
ſwiftneſs of ſuch a torrent, the more it over-whelms, breeding the 
more pleaſure; ſo after theſe worthies and conquerors had left the 
Held, another race was ready to begin, at which, though the perſons 
in it were nothing equal to the former, yet the ſhoutes and noyle at 
theſe was as great, if not greater. 
The following lines in Hall's Satires, 1 5975 "be alſo to allude 
to the ſame cuſtom: 
C One higher pitch'd, doth ſet his ſoaring banks 
« On crowned kings, that fortune hath low brought, 
cc Or ſome upreared high-aſpiring ſwaine, 
ce As it might be, the Turkiſh Tamburlaine. 
«« Then weeneth he his baſe drink-drowned ſpright 
% Rapt to the three-fold loft of heaven hight, 
e When he conceives upon his fained ſtage ' 
4 The ſtalking ſteps of his great perſonage; 
«© Graced with huft-cap termes and thund' ring threats, 
<< That his poor hearers' hayre quite upright ſets. 
«© Such ſoone as ſome brave-minded hungrie youth 
ec Sees fitly frame to his wide-ſtrained mouth, 
% He yaunts his voyce upon an hyred ſtage, 
cc With high-ſet ſteps, and princely carriage: 
4 There if he can with termes Italianate, 
4 Big-ſounding ſentences, and words of ſtate, 
« Faire patch me up his pure jambick verſe, 
cc He raviſhes the gazing ſcaffolders.— 
cc Now leaſt ſuch frighttul ſhowes of fortunes fall, 
«© And bloudy tyrants' rage, ſhould chance appall 
% The dead-ſtruck audience, midf# the filent rout 
„Comes leaping in a ſelfe-misformed leut, | 
& And laughes, and grins, and frames his mimick face; 
e And juſtles firaight into the princes place: 
& Then deth the theatre eccho all alou 
« With gladſome noyſe of that applauding croud. 
« A goodly boch-poch, when wile ruſſettings 
« Are matcht with monarchs and with migktis kings !” & c. 
The entertainments here alluded to were probably «« the fond and 
frivolous jeſtures,” deſcribed in the preface to Marlowe's Tamburlaine, 
1590, which the printer ſays, he omitted, “ as farre unmeete for the 
matter, though they have been of ſome vaine conceited fondlings 
greatly gaped at, what times they were thewed upon the ſtage in their 
acted deformities.” 


1 t ſhould fem from D' Avenant's prologue to The Wits, when ated 


2 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 117 


between the acts and after the play, may be traced to 
the ſatyrical interludes of Greece*, and the Atellans 
and Mimes of the Roman ſtage? The Exodiarii and 

| Emboliarie 


at the Duke's theatre, in 1662, that this ſpecies of entertainment 
was not even then entirely diſuſed: 2 
« So country jigs and farces, mixt among 
| c Heroick ſcenes, make plays continue long.“ 

Blount in his Gloſſograpbia, 1681, 5th edit. defines a farce, © A 
fond and diſſolute play or comedy. Alſo the jig at the end of an inter- 
lude, wherein ſome pretty knavery is ated,” | 

Kempe's Figg of the Kuchin-fluffe-woman, and Philips his Figg of 
tbe Slyppers, were entered on the Stationers' books in 1595; but [ 


know not whether they were printed, There is, I believe, no Jig 


now extant in print, 
8 „ Carmine gui tragico vilem certavit ob hircum, 
C Mox etiam agreſtes Satyros nudavit, et aſper 
« Incolumi gravitate jocum tentavit, eo quod 
ce Illecebris erat et grata novitate morandus 
« Spectator, functuſque ſacris, et potus et exlex.“ | 
a | Hor. de Arte Poetica. 
9 e Urbicus exodio riſum movet Atellanæ 
« Geſtibus Autonoes; —— Juv. Sat. VI. 71. 

& Exodiarius in fine ludorum apud veteres intrabat, quod ridiculug 
foret; ut quicquid lacrymarum atque triſtitiæ coegiſſent ex tragicis 
affectibus, hujus ſpectaculi riſus detergeret.“ Vet. Schol, „ As an 
old commentator on Juvenal affirms, the Exodiarii, which were ſing- 
ers and dancers, entered to entertain the people with light ſongs and 
mimical geſtures, that they might not go away oppreſſed with melan- 
choly from theſe ſacred pieces of the theatre.” Dryden's Dedication to 
his Tranſlation of Juvenal. See alſo Liv. lib. vii. c. 2. Others 
contend that the Exodia did not ſolely fignify the ſongs, &c. at the 
concluſion of the play, but thoſe alfo which were ſung in the middle of 
the piece; and that they were ſo called, becauſe they were introduced 
£05, that is, Incidentally, and unconnected with the principal en- 
tertainment. Of this kind undoubtedly were the S or epiſodes, 
introduced between the acts, as the z:o0J;a were the ſongs ſung at the 
opening of the play. 

The Atellan interludes were ſo called from Atella, a town in 
Italy, from which they were introduced to Rome : and in proceſs of 
time they were ated ſometimes in the middle, and ſometimes at the 
end, of more ſerious pieces. Theſe, as we learn from one of Cicero's 
letters, gave way about the time of Julius Cæſar's death to the 
Mimes, which conſiſted of a groſſer and more licentious pleaſantry 
than the Atellan interludes. “ Nunc venio,” ſays Cicero, „ ad 


jocationes tuas, cum tu ſecundim Oenomaum Accii, non ut olim 
4 | ſolebat 


it 
1 
ö 
\ 
, 
4 


OO ES OSS 


* I *— OS WET 


i 
| 
| 
| 
f 
| 
| 


318 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


Emboliariz of the Mimes are undoubtedly the remote 
progenitors of the Vice and Clown of our ancien: 


dramas *.- | 
No 


ſolebat, Atellanum, ſed at nune fit, mimum introduxiſti.” Epi. 


2 Fam. IX. 16. The Atellan interludes, however, were not wholly 


"AS 


diſuſed after the introduction of the Mimes; as is aſcertained by a 
paſſage in Suetonius's Life of Nero, c. 39. | 

4 Mirum et vel præcipue notabile inter hæc fuit, nihil eum patientius 
quam maledicta et convitia hominum tulifle ; neque in ullos leniorem 
quam qui ſe dictis ante aut carminibus laceſſiſſent, extitiſſe.— Tran- 
ſeuntem eum Iſidorus Cynicus in publico clara voce corripuerat, quod 
Nauplii mala bene cantitaret, ſua bona male diſponeret. Et Datus 
Atellanarum hiſtrio, in cantico quodam, uyiaiys 7drep, vyiaive prep, 
ita demonſtraverat, ut bibentem natantemque faceret, exitum ſcilicet 
Claudii Agrippinæque ſignificans; et in noviſſima clauſula, Orcus vo- 
Bit ducit pedes, ſenatum geſtu notaret. Hiſtrionem et philoſophum 
Nero nihil amplius quam urbe Italiaque ſubmovit, vel contemptu om- 
nis infamiæ, vel ne fatendo dolorem irritaret ingenia.“ See alſo 
Galb. c. 13. 

I do not find that the ancient French theatre had any exhibition ex- 
actly correſponding with this, for their Sor 1E rather reſembled the 
Atellan farces, in their original ſtate, when they were performed as 
a diſtinct exhibition, unmixed with any other interlude. An extract 
given by Mr. Warton from an old ART or Porr publiſhed in 
1548, furniſhes us with this account of it: „ The French farce con- 
tains nothing of the Latin comedy. It has neither acts nor ſcenes, 
which would ſerve only to introduce a tedious prolixity : for the true 
ſubject of the French farce or Sor IE is every fort of foolery, which 
has a tendency to provoke laughter,—The ſubje& of the Greek and 
Latin comedy was totally different from every thing on the French 
ſtage ; for it had more morality than drollery, and often as much 
truth as fiction. Our Mox ATL ITIESs hold a place indifterently beg 
tween tragedy and comedy, but our farces are really what the Romans 
called Mimes or Priapees, the intended end and effect of which was 
exceſſive laughter, and on that account they admitted all kind of 


| Hecentiouſneſs, as our farces do at preſent, In the mean time their 


leaſantry. does not derive much advantage from rhymes, however 
owing, of eight ſyllables.” HisT. or ENG. Pot TRY, Vol. III. 
p. 350. Scaliger expreſsly mentions the two ſpecies of drama above 
deſcribed, as the popular entertainments of France in his time. “ Sunto 
our duo genera, quz etiam vicatim et oppidatim per univerſam 
alliam mirificis artificibus circumferuntur; Mox ATE, et Rivi- 


2 


EVLUM.” Poetices lib. 1. c. x. p. 17, edit. 1561. 
x The exact conformity between our Clowns and the Exodiarii and 


Emboliaria of the Roman ſtage is aſcertained, not only by what 1 
| 4 : have 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 110 


No writer that I have met with, intimates that in the 
time of Shakſpeare it was cuſtomary to exhibit more 
than a ſingle dramatick piece on one day*. Had any 
ſhorter pieces, of the ſame kind with our modern farces, 
(beſide the jigs already mentioned,) been preſented after 
the principal performance, ſome of them probably would 
| have been printed; but there are none extant of an 


earlier date than the time of the Reftoration 3. The 


practice therefore of exhibiting two dramas ſucceſſively 
in the ſame afternoon, we may be aſſured, was not 
eſtabliſhed before that period. But though our ancient 
audiences were nor gratified by the repreſentation of 
more than one drama. in the ſame day, the entertain- 
ment in the middle of the reign of Elizabeth was diver- 
fified, and the populace diverted, by vaulting, tumbling, 
ſlight of hand, and morrice-dancing*; and in the time 
| | of 


have ſtated in the text, but by our author's contemporary Philemon 
Holland, by whom that paſſage in Pliny which is referred to in a 


former page,“ Lucceia mima centum annis in ſcena pronuntiavit. 


Galeria Copiola, emboliaria, reducta eſt in ſcenam,—annum centeſſi- 

mum quartum agens,” —is thus tranſlated : „ Lucceia, a common 
V1ce in a play, followed the ſtage, and acted thereupon 100 yeeres. 
Such another Vicx, that plaied the foole, and made ſporte betzusene 
wwhiles in interludes, named Galeria Copiola, was brought to act on 
the ſtage, — when ſhe was in the 104th yeere of her age. 

2 The Yorkſhire Tragedy, or All's One, indeed, appears to have 
been one of four pieces that were repreſented on the ſame day; and 
Fletcher has alſo a piece called Four Plays in One; but probably theſe 
were either exhibited on ſome particular occaſion, or were ineffectual 
eftorts to introduce a new ſpecies of amuſement; for we do not find 
any other inſtances of the ſame kind. 

3 In 1663, as I learn from Sir Henry Herbert's Mſs. Sir William 
 D'Avenant produced The P/aybouſe to be let. The fifth act of this 
heterogeneous piece is a mock tragedy, founded on the actions of 
Czſar, Anthony, and Cleopatra, This, Langbaine ſays, uſed to be 
acted at the theatre in Dorſet Garden, (which was not opened till 
November 1671,) after the tragedy of Pompey, written by Mrs. 
Catharine Phillips; and was, I believe, the firſt farce that appeared on 
the Engliſh ſtage. In 1677, The Cheats of Scapin was performed, as a 
ſecond piece, after Titus and Berenice, a play of three acts, in order to 
furniſh out an exhibition of the uſual length : and about the ſame time 
farces were produced by Duffet, Tate, and others. 

4 % For the eye, beſides the beautie of the houſes and the ſtages, 


I 4 he 


— ——ꝛ— — pe 


— —— 


— — 


—_ a ER. ee. EE. 2 S . eo x 


— — 


—— 


— Io Oo — „ 2 


120 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


of Shakſpeare, by the extemporaneous buffoonery of the | 


Clown, whenever he choſe to ſolicit the attention of the 
audience; by ſinging and dancing between the acts, and 
either a ſong or the metrical jig already deſcribed at 
the end of the piece: a mixture not more heterogene- 
| aus 
he [the devil] ſendeth in gariſh apparell, maſques, waulting, tumbling, 
dauncing of gigges, galiardes, moriſces, bobby-borſes, ſhewing of juggling 
caſtes, — nothing forgot, that might ſerve to ſet out the matter with 
pompe, or ravith the beholders with variety of pleaſure.” Playes 
Confuted in five ations. By Stephen Goſſon. Signat. E. 
5 See Beaumont's Verſes to Fletcher on his Faithful Shepberdeſs : 
«© Nor want there thoſe, who, as the Bey does dance ; 
«© Between the acts, will cenſure the whole play.” 

So alſo, in Sir John Davies's Er16R ams, no date, but printed in 
1598: | 

it « For as we ſee at all the play-houſe doores, 

6 When ended is the play, the dance, and ſong, 
« A thouſand townſmen,”” &c. 

Hentzner obſerves, that the dances, when he was in London in 1598, 
were accompanied with exquiſite muſick. See the paſſage quoted from 
his ITINERARY, in p. 45, n. I. | 

That in the ſtage-dances boys in the dreſs of women ſometimes 
Joined, appears to me probable from Prynne's invective againſt the 
theatre: «© Stage-playes,” ſays he, © by our own modern experience 
are commonly attended with mix: efteminate amorous dancing.” 
Hiſtriomaſtix, p. 259. From the ſame author we learn that ſongs were 
frequently ſung between the acts. By our owne moderne experience 
there is nothing more frequent in all our ſtage-playes then amorous 
paſtoral or obſcene laſcivious love-ſongs, moſt melodioufly chanted out 
upon the ſtage betweene each ſeveral action; both to ſupply that 
chaſme or vacant interim which the tyring-houſe takes up in changing 
the aors? robes, to fit them for ſome other part in the enſuing ſcene, 
as likewiſe to pleaſe the itching cares, if not to inflame the outrageous 
luſts, of lewde ſpeRators,”* Ibidem, p. 262. 

In another place the author quotes the following paſſage from 
Euſebius. What ſeeth he who runnes to play-houſes ? Diabolical 
ſongs, dancing wenches, or, that I may ſpeake more truely, girles 
toſſed up and downe with the furies of the devil.” [© A good de 
ſcription (adds Prynne) of our dancing 1 « For what doth 
this dancereſle ? She moſt impudently uncovers her head, which Paul 


hath commanded to be always covered; the tur nes about her necke 

the wrong way; ſhe throweth abeut her haire hither and thither. 

Even theſe things verily are done by her whom the Devill hath poſ- 
ſeſſed.” Ibidem, p. 534 

It does not appear whether the puritanical writer of. this IIs 

1 | alludes 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 121 


ous than that with which we are now daily preſented, a 


tragedy and a farce. In the dances, I believe, not only 


men, but boys in women's dreſſes, were introduced: a 
practice which prevailed on the Grecian ſtage ®, and in 
France till late in the laſt century 7. 

The amuſements of our anceſtors, before the com- 
mencement of the play, were of various kinds, While 
ſome part of the audience entertained themſelves with 
reading *, or playing at cards?, others were employed 
in leſs refined occupations; in drinking ale“, or ſmok- 


ing 


alludes in the obſervation inſerted in crotchets to boys dancing on 
the ſtage in women's cloaths, or to female dancers in private houſes, 
The ſubject immediately before him ſhould rather lead ta the former 
interpretation. Vomen certainly did not dance on the ſtage in his 
time. | ; 
© SEC p. 104, n. 5. 
7 6 Dans le ballet de Triompbe de P Amour en 1681, on vit pour la 
premiere fois de danſeuſes ſur le theatre de Opera: auparavant 
c'etojent deux, quatre, fix, ou huit danſeurs qu'on habilloit en fem- 
mes.” Oeuvres de M. De Saint-Foix, tom. iii. p. 416. 
s So, in Fitz-Jeoffery's Satires, 1617: 
«© Ye worthy worthies! none elſe, might I chuſe, 
«© Doe I deſire my poefie peruſe, 
«© For to ſave charges ere the play begin, 
« Or when the lord of liberty comes in.“ 
Again, in a ſatire at the concluſion of The Maſtive, or young Whelpe 
of the old Dogge, —Epigrams and Satires, printed by Thomas Creede : 
| | The author is ſpeaking of thoſe who will probably purchaſe his 
book. 
J c Laſt tomes my ſcoffing friend, of ſcowring wit, 
6 Who thinks his judgment *bove all arts doth ſit. 
« He buys the booke, and haſtes him to the play; 
6c Where when he comes and reads, ce here's ſtuff,” doth ſay: 
„ Becauſe the lookers on may hold him wiſe, 
« He laughs at what he likes, and then will riſe, 
ce And takes tobacco; then about will looke, 
« And more diſlike the play than of the booke 
c At length is vext he ſhould with charge be drawne 
& For ſuch flight fights to lay a ſute to pawne. 
9 cc Before the play begins, fall to cardes. Guls Horne-bork, 1609. 
1 See The Woman-Hater, a comedy, by B. and Fletcher, 1607 : 
6 There is no poet acquainted with more ſhakings and quakings _ 
N wards 


=» 


, 
- wo. OLI "— — 


— 


122 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


ing tobacco *: with theſe and nuts and apples they were 
furniſhed by male attendants, of whoſe clamour » ſati- 
rical writer of the time of James I. loudly complains 3. 
In 1633 when Prynne publiſhed his Hiſtriomaſtix, wo- 
men ſmoked tobacco in the playhouſes, as well as men“. 

It was a common practice to carry table- books“ to the 
theatre, and either from curioſity, or enmity to the au- 
thor, or ſome other motive, to write down paſſages of 


wards the latter end of his new play, when he's in that caſe that he 
ſtands peeping between the curtains, ſo fearfully, that a bottle of ale 
cannot be opened, but he thinks ſome body hiſſes.“ 
2 © Now, fir, I am one of your gentle auditors that am come in ;— 
T have my three ſorts of tobacco in my pocket; my light by me and 
thus I begin. InduCtion to Cynebia's Revels, by Ben Jonſon, 1601. 
So, in Bartbolometo Fair, 1614: „He looks like a fellow that I 
have ſeen accommodate gentlemen with tobacco at our theatres.” 
Again, in Decker's Guls Horne-book : By fitting on the ſtage, 
you may with ſmall coſt purchaſe the deare acquaintance of the boyes ; 
have a good ſtool for ſixpence —get your match lighted," &c. 
3 ©  —Prythee, what's the play? 
6 I'll ſee't, and fit it out whate'er.— 
cc Had Fate fore-read me in a crowd to die 
6 To be made adder-deaf with pippin-cry.” 
Notes from Black. fryers, by H. Fitz-Jeoffery, 1617. . 
1 In a note on a paſlage in Goſſon's Schoole of Abuſe, 1579, In- 
ſtead of pomegranates they give them pippins,”” &c. quoted by Prynne, 
he informs us, Now they offer them [the female part of the au- 
dience] the tobacco-pipe, which was then unknowne.”* Hiftriomaſtix, 
363. 
5 : See the induction to Marſton's Malecontent, a comedy, 1604: 
4 J am one that hath ſeen this play often, and can give them 
[Heminge, Burbage, &c.] intelligence for their action; I have moſt 
of the jeſts here in my table- book. 
So, in the prologue to Hannibal and Scipio, 1637: 
46 — Nor ſhall he in pluſh, 
& That, from the poet's labours, in the pit 
& Informs himſelf, for the exerciſe of his wit 
6 At taverns, gather notes. $ 
Again, in the prologue to The Woman-Hater, a comedy, 1607 : 
cc If there be any lurking among you in corners, with table-books, 
who have ſome hopes to find fit matter to feed his malice on, let them 
claſp them up, and ſlink away, or ſtay and be converted.” 
Again, in Every man in bis Humour, 1601: 
« But to ſuch, wherever they fit concealed, let them know, the 


author defies them and their zoriting-tables.” . 
tac 


o THE ENGLISH STAGE. 123 


the play that was repreſented ; and there is reaſon to 


believe that the imperfect and mutilated copies of one or 
two of Shakſpeare's dramas, which are yet extant, were 
taken down by the ear or in ſhort-hand during the ex- 


hibition. | | 

At the end of the piece, the actors, in noblemen's 
houſes and in taverns, where plays were frequently per- 
formed, prayed for the health and proſperity of their 
patrons ; and in the publick theatres, for the king and 
queen”. This prayer ſometimes made part of the epi- 
logue*, Hence, probably, as Mr. Steevens has ob- 
ſerved, the addition of Yivant rex et regina, to the 
modern play-bills. | 

Plays in the time of our author, began at one o'clock 


in the afternoon? ; and the exhibition was ſometimes 
finiſhed 


6 See A Mad World, my Maſters, a comedy, by Middleton, 1608 : 


et Some ſherry for my lord's players there, ſirrah; why this will be a 
true feaſt z—a right Mitre ſupper jz— play and all.” 

The night before the inſurrection of the gallant and unfortunate earl 
of Eſſex, the play of King Henry IV. (not Shakſpeare's piece) was 
acted at his houſe. ES 

7 See the notes on the epilogue to The Secend Part of K. Henry IV. 
Vol. V. p. 443. | 

3 See Cambyſes, a tragedy, by Thomas Preſton; Locrine, 15955 
and K. Henry IV. P. II. 

9 6 Fuſcus doth riſe at ten, and at eleven 

« He goes to Gyls, where he doth eat till one, 
«& Then ſees a play. | 

Epigrams by Sir John Davies, no date, but printed about 1 598. 

Others, however, were actuated by a ſtronger curioſity, and, in 
order to ſecure good places, went to the theatre without their dinner. 
See the prologue to The Unfortunate Lovers, by Sir William D' Ave- 
nant, firſt performed at Blackfriars in April, 1638: 

4 — You are grown exceſſive proud, 

46 Since ten times more of wit than was allow'd 

« Your filly anceſſors in twenty year, 

« You think in zoo /Hor? hours to ſwallow here. 

« For they to theatres were pleas'd to come, 

«« Eve they bad din'd, to take up the beſt room; 

«© There ſat on benches not adorn'd with mats, 

c And graciouſly did vail their high-crown'd hats 

« To every half-dreſs'd player, as he till 

« Through hangings peep'd, to ſee the galleries fill. 
| % Good 


124 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


finiſhed in two hours*. Even in 1667, they com- 
menced at three o'clock*, About thirty years after- 
. wards, (in 1696,) theatrical entertainments began an 


hour later 3. 
We have ſeen that in the infancy of our ſtage Myſ- 


teries were uſually acted in churches; and the practice 
of exhibiting religious dramas in buildings appropriated 
to the ſervice of religion on the Lord's-day certainly 
continued after the Reformation. 


ec Good caſy-judging ſouls, with what debght 
& They would expect a jig or target-fight ! 
4 A furious tale of Troy, which they ne'er thought 
ce Was weakly writ, if it were ſtrongly fought; 
© Laugh'd at a clinch, the ſhadow of a jeſt, 
& And cry'd=a paſſing good one, I proteſt.” 

From the foregoing lines it appears that, anciently, places were not 
taken in the beſt rooms or boxes, before the repreſentation. Soon after 
the Reſtoration, this practice was eſtabliſhed, See a prologue to 2 
zevived play, in Covent Garden Drellery, 1672: 

&« Hence tis, that at new plays you come ſo ſoon, 
& Like bridegrooms hot to go to bed ere noon 3 
« Or if you are detain'd ſome little ſpace, 
«« The ſtinking footman's ſent to keep your place. 
& But if a play's reviv'd, you ſtay and dine, 
c And drink till three, and then come dropping in.“ 

Though Sir John Davies, in the paſſage above quoted, mentions one 
clock as the hour at which plays commenced, the time of beginning 
the entertainment about eleven years afterwards (1609) ſeems to have 
been later; for Decker in his Guls Horne-booke makes his gallant go to 
the ordinary at #wwo o'clock, and from thence to the play. 

When BenſJonſon's Magnetick Lady was acted, (in 1632,) plays ap- 
pear to have been over at five o'clock. They probably at that time 
did not begin till between two and three o'clock. | 

* See p. 123, n. 9. See alſo the prologue to King Henry VIII. and 
that to Remeo and Juliet. | : 

2 See The Demoiſelles a la Mode, by Fleckno, 1667: 

1. Actor. Hark you, hark you, whither away ſo fait ? 

2. Ager. © Why, to the theatre, tis paſt Fhree o'clock, and the play 
is ready to begin.“ See alſo note 9, above. | 

After the Reſtoration, (we are told by old Mr. Cibber) it was a 
frequent practice of the ladies of quality, to carry Mr. Kynaſton the 
par in his female dreſs, after the play, in their coaches to Hyde 

ark. | | 

3 See the Epilogue to The She Gallants, printed in that year. 

0 = During 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 125 


During the reign of Queen Elizabeth plays were ex- 
hibited in the publick theatres on Sundays, as well as 
on other days of the week. The licence granted by 
that queen to James Burbage in 1574, which has been 
already printed in a former page 5, ſhews that they 
were then repreſented on that day, out of the hours of 


prayer. | : g : 

We are told indeed by John Field in his Declaration 
of God's Fudgment at Paris Garden, that in the year 
1580 * the magiſtrates of the city of London obtained 


from Queene Elizabeth, that all heatheniſh playes and 
enterludes ſhould be baniſhed upon ſabbath dayes.“ 
This prohibition, however, probably laſted but a ſhort 
time; for her majeſty, when ſhe viſited Oxford in 1592, 
did not ſcruple to be preſent at a theatrical exhibition 
on Sunday night, the 24th of September in that year 6. 
During the reign of James the Firſt, though dramatick 


4 ce Theſe, the players] becauſe they are allowed to play every 
Sunday, make four or five Sundays, at leaſt, every week.” Schoole of 
Abuſe, 1579. 8 | 

% In former times, (ſays Strype in his Additions to Stowe's Sur. 
ey of London,) ingenious tradeſmen and gentlemen's ſervants would 
ſometimes gather a company of themſelves, and learn interludes, to 
expoſe vice, or to repreſent the noble actions of our anceſtors. Theſe 
they played at feſtivals, in private houſes, at weddings, or other en- 
tertainments. But in proceſs of time it became an occupation, and 
theſe plays being commonly acted on Sundays and other feſtivals, the 
churches were forſaken, and the playhouſes thronged.“ 

See alſo A Sermon preached at Paules Croſſe on St. Bartholomeaw 
day, being the 24.,of Auguſt, 1578, By Fobn Stockwood : Will 
not a fylthie playe with the blaſt of a trumpette ſooner call thyther [ro 
the country] a thouſande, than an houres tolling of a bell bring to the 
ſermon a hundred? Nay, even heere in the citie, without it be at this 
place, and ſome other certaine ordinarie audience, where ſhall you 
find a reaſonable company? Whereas if you reſorte to the Theatre, the 
Curtaine, and other places of playes in the citie, you ſhall on the Lord's 
day have theſe places, with many other that I can reckon, ſo full as 
poſſible they can throng.” 

See alſo Stubbes's Anatomie of Abuſes, 1583, in pref. ; and The 
Mirrour of Magiſtrates for Cities, 1584, p. 24+ | 

S P. 

6 Peck's Memoirs of Cromevell, No. IV. p. 15. 5 . 
| entertainments 


| 
| 
| 
| 
| 


— — m ES 


226 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


entertainments were performed at court on Sundays 7, 


I believe, no plays were pudblickly repreſented on that 
day“; and by the ſtatute 3 Car. I. c. i. their exhibi- 
. | tion 


7 This is aſcertained by the following account of © REVELLSs and 
Pr AYEs performed and acted at Chriſtmas in the court at Whitehall, 
1622; for the preſervation of which we are indebted to Sir John 


Aſtley, then Maſter of the Revels : 


6 Upon St. Steevens daye at night The Spaniſh Curate was acted by 
the kings players. | 

«© Upon St. Johns daye at night was ated The Beggars Buſh by the 
Kings players. : 

Upon Childermas daye no playe. 

“ Upon the Sonday following The Pilgrim was acted by the kings 

layers. 
: «© Upon New-years day at night The Alchemiſt was acted by the 
kings players. | 

% Upon Twelfe night, the Maſque being put off, the play called A 
Powe and à good one was acted by the princes ſervants. 

« Upon Sonday, being the 19th of January, the Princes Maſque ap- 
pointed for Twelfe daye, was performed. The ſpeeches and ſongs 
compoſed by Mr. Ben. Johnſon, and the ſcene made by Mr. Inigo 
Jones, which was three times changed during the tyme of the maſque z 
where in the firſt that was diſcovered was a proſpective of Whitehall, 
with the Banqueting Houſe; the ſecond was the Maſquers in a cloud 
and the third a forzeft, The French embaſſador was preſent. 

«© The Antemaſques of tumblers and jugglers. 

«© The Prince did leade the meaſures with the French embaſſadors 
wife. 

«© The meaſures, braules, corrantos, and galliards, being ended, the 
Maſquers with the laoyes did daunce 2 contrey daunces, namely The 
Soldiers Marche, and Huff Hamukin, where the French Embaſſadors 
wife and Mademoyſala St. Luke did [daunce]. 

«© At Candlemas Malvolio was ated at court, by the kings ſervants. 
4 At Shrovetide, the king being at Newmarket, and the prince out 
of England, there was neyther maſque nor play, nor any other kind of 
Revells held at court,” Mi. Herbert. : 

s In the Refutation of the Apologie for Adors, by J. G. quarto, 
1615, it is aſked, ** If plays do ſo much good, why are they not ſuf- 
fered on the Sabbath, a day ſelect whereon to do good? From hence 
It appears that plays were not permitted to be publickly ated on Sun- 
days in the time of James J. | EP 

Yet Beard in his Theatre of God's Judgment, p. 212, edit. 1631, 
tells us, that in the year 1607, „ at a towne in Bedfordſhire called 


Riſley, the floore of a chamber wherein many were gathered together 
to 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 127 


tion on the Sabbath day was abſolutely prohibited: yet, 
notwithitanding this a& of parliament, both plays and 
maſques were performed at court on ſundays, during the 
firit ſixteen years of the reign of that kingꝰ, and cer- 


tainly in private houſes, if not on the publick tage, 
| It 
to ſee a ſtage- play on the ſabbath day, fell downe.” But this was a 
private exhibition.—From a paſlage alſo in Prynne's Hiſtriomaſlix, 
p. 243, it appears that plays had been ſometimes repreſented on Sun- 
days in the time of James the Firſt, though the practice was then not 
common. „ Dancing therefore on the Lords day is an unlawful paſ- 
time puniſhable by the ſtatute 1 Caroli, c. 1. which intended to ſup- 
preſſe dancing on the lords day, as well as beare-bayting, bull- bayting, 
enterludes and common playes, which were not ſo rife, ſo common, as 
dancing, when this law was firſt enatted.” 
It is uncertain whether this writer here alludes to publick or private 
exhibitions. 2 
9 May, in his Hifory of the Parliament of England, 1646, taking 
a review of the conduct of king Charles and his miniſters from 1628 
to 1640, mentions that plays were uſually repreſented at court on 
Sundays during that period. 5 | 
There were during this period fimilar exhibitions on Sundays elſe- 
where as well at court, notwithſtanding the ſtatute made in the be- 
ginning of this reign; but whether they were permitted then in the 
publick theatres, I am unable to aſcertain. Prynne in his Hiftrio- 
maſtix, p. 645, has the following paſſage: “ Neither will it here- 
upon follow, that we may dance, dice, fee maſques or playes on Lordi- 
day nights, (as too many do, ) becauſe the Lords day is then ended,” &c. 
and in p. 717, he inſinuates that the ſtatute 3 Car. I. c. 4. (which 
prohibited the exhibition of any interlude or ſtage · play on the Lord's- 
day,) was not very ſtrictly enforced : „If it were as diligently exe- 
cuted as it was piouſly enacted, it would ſuppreſſe many great abuſes, 
that are yet continging among us, to Gods diſhonour and good chriſ- 
tians' grief in too many places of our kingdom z which our juſtices, 


our inferiour magiſtrates, might ſoon reforme, would they but ſet 


themſelves ſeriouſly about it, as ſome here and there have done.“ 
See alſo Withers's Britaines Remembrancer, Canto VI. p. 197, b. 
edit. 1628: | E 
% And ſeldom have they leiſure for a play 
« Or maſque, except upon God's holiday.“ 
In John Spencer's CI of diverſe petitions, &c. 4to. 1641, (as 
T learn from Oldys's Manuſcript notes on Langbaine, ) it is ſaid, that 
« JohnWilſon, a cunning muſician, contrived a curious comedy, which 
being acted on a Sunday night after that John biſhop of Lincoln had 
conſecrated the earl of Cleaveland's ſumptuous chapel, the ſaid John 
| | | Spencer 


2 


8 


128 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 

It has been a queſtion, whether it was formerly a com- 
mon practice to ride on horſeback to the playhouſe ; a 
circumſtance that wonld ſcarcely deſerve conſideration, 
if it were not in ſome ſort connected with our author's 
hiſtory *, a plauſible ſtory having been built on this 
foundation, relative to his firſt introduction to the 


tage. 7 | 

The modes of conveyance to the theatre, anciently, 
as at preſent, ſeem to have been various; ſome go- 
ipg in coaches *, others on horſeback 3, and many by 


Spencer (newly made the biſhop's commiſſary general) did preſent the 
faid biſhop at Huntingdon for ſuftering the ſaid comedy to be ated in 
his houſe on a Sunday, though it was nine o'clock at night; alſo Sir 
Sydney Montacute and his lady, Sir Thomas Hadley and his lady, 
Maſter Wilſon, and others, actors of the ſame : and becauſe they did 
not appear, he ſentenced the biſhop to build a ſchool at Eaton, and 
endow it with 20l. a year for a maſter 3 Sir Sydney Montacute to give 
five pounds and five coats to five poor women, and his lady five pounds 
and five gowns to five poor widows; and the cenſure, (ſays he) ſtands 


yet unrepealed.“ | 


1 See Vol. I. Part I. p. 154. | 
2  « A pipe there, firrah ; no ſophiſticate 


cc Villaine, the beſt, —whate'er you prize it at. 
66 Tell yonder lady with the yellow fan, | 
« J ſhall be proud to uſher her anon; 

& My coach ſtands ready. ——— 
Motes from Black<fryers, 1617, 

The author is deſcribing the behaviour of a gallant at the Black- 
friars theatre. 54s 

3 See the induction to Cynthia's Revels, 1601: © Beſides, they 
could wi ſn, your poets would leave to be promoters of other men's jeſts, 
and to way-lay all the ſtale apothegms or old books they can hear of, 
in print or otherwiſe, to farce their ſcenes withal :—again, that feed- 
ing their friends with nothing of their own but what they have twice 
or thrice cook'd, they ſhould not wantonly give out, how ſoon they 
had dreſt it, nor how many coaches came to carry away the broken 
meat, beſides hobby-horſes, and foot-cl;th nags.“ 

« By this time,” (ſays Decker, deſcribing an ordinary, ) © the parings 
of fruit and cheeſe are in the voyder, cardes and dice lie ſtinking in 
the fire, the guefts are all up, the guilt rapiers ready to be hanged, 
the French lacquey and Iriſh footboy ſhrugging at the doores, with 
their maſters* bybby-horſes, to ride to the new play; that's the randevous, 
thither they are gallopt in poſt 3 let us take a paire of oares and row 


luſtily after them.” Guls Hornebooke, 4to, 1609, 
water, 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE.. 129 
water*, To the Globe playhouſe the company probably 


4 In the year 1613, the Company of Watermen petitioned his 
majeſty, „ that the players might not be permitted to have a play- 
Houſe in London or in Middleſex, within four miles of the city on 
that ſide of the Thames.” From Taylor's True Cauſe of the Water- 
men's Suit concerning Players, and the reaſons that their playing on Lon- 
don ſide, is their [i. e. the Watermen's] extreme bindrance, we learn, 
that the theatres on the Bankſide in Southwark were once ſo nume- 
rous, and the cuſtom of going thither by water ſo general, that many 
thouſand watermen were ſupported by it. As the book is not com- 
mon, and the paſſage contains ſome anecdotes relative to the ſtage at 
that time, I ſhall tranſcribe it: 

„ Afterwards,” [i. e. as I conjecture, about the year 1596,] ſays 
Taylor, whe was employed as an advocate in behalf of the watermen, 
« the players began to play on the Bankſide, and to leave playing in 
London and Middleſex, for the meft part, Then there went ſuch great 
concourſe of people by water, that the ſmall number of watermen 
remaining at home [the majority being employed in the Spaniſh war] 
were not able to carry them, by reaſon of the court, the tearms, the 
players, and other employments. So that we were inforced and encou- 
raged, hoping that this golden ſtirring world would have laſted ever, 
to take and entertaine men and boyes, which boyes are grown men, 
and keepers of houſes; ſo that the number of watermen, and thoſe 
that live and are maintained by them, and by the only labour of the 
oare and the ſcull, betwixt the bridge of Windſor and Graveſend, can- 
not be fewer than forty thouſand; the cauſe of the greater halfe of 
which multitude hath bene the players playing on the Bankjide; for I 
have known three companies, beſides the bear-baiting, at once there; 
to wit, the Globe, the Roſe, and the Swan. 


* 
6% And now it hath pleaſed God in this peaceful time, [from 1604 


to 1613, ] that there is no employment at the ſea, as it hath bene ac- 
cuſtomed, ſo that all thoſe great numbers of men remaines at home; 
and the players have all (except the kings men) left their uſual reſi- 
dency on the Bankfide, and doe play in Middleſex, far remote from the 
Thames; ſo that every day in the qweeke they do draw unto them three 
er four thouſand people, that were uſed to ſpend their monies by 
WALET | p | 

« His majeſties players did exhibit a petition againſt us, in which 
they ſaid, that our ſuit was unreaſonable, and that we might as juſtly 
remove the Exchange, the walkes in Pauls, or Moorfields, to the. 
Bankſide, for our profits, as to confine them.“ 

The affair appears never to have been decided, «© Some (ſays 
Taylor) have reported that I took bribes of the players, to let the ſuit 
fall, and to that purpoſe I had a ſupper of them, at the Cardinal's bat, 
on the Bankſide. MWorks of Taylor the water-poet, p. 171, edit. 


1633. 
VOL. I. r II. Ph” were 


— — — 


130 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


were conveyed by water* ; to that in Blackfriars, the 
gentry went either in coaches *, or on horſeback; and 


the common people on foot. | 
| | Plays 


' 5 See an epilogue to a vacation-play at the Globe, by Sir William 
D' Avenant; Works, p. 245: | 
« For your own ſakes, poor fouls, you had not beſt 

<« Believe my fury was ſo much ſuppreſt | 

&« PF the heat of the laſt ſcene, as now you may 

4 Boldly and ſafely too cry down our play; 

CC For if you dare but murmur one falſe note, 

cc Here in the houſe, or going to take boat; 

6 By heaven I'll mow you off with my long ſword, 

„ Teoman and ſquire, knight, lady, and her lord.“ 

So Fn the Guls — „1609 : © If you can either for love or mo- 
ney, provide your ſelfe a lodging by the water - ſide; — it adds a kind of 
Rate to you to be carried from thence to the ffaiers of your play- 
bouſe.” | | 

4 See a letter from Mr. Garrard to Lord Strafford, dated Jan. 9, 
1633-43 Strafford's Letters, Vol. I; p. 175: „ Here hath been an 
order of the lords of the council hung up in a table near Paul's and 
the Black -fryars, to command all that reſort to the playhouſe there, 
to ſend away their coaches, and to diſperſe abroad in Paul's Cburch- 
yard, Carter Lane, the Conduit in Fleet Street, and other places, and 
not to return to fetch their company; but they muſt trot a-foot to find 
their coaches : twas kept very ſtrictly for two or three weeks, but 
now, I think, it is diſordered again.” It ſhould, however, be remem- . 
bered that this was written above forty years after Shakſpeare's firſt 
acquaintance with the theatre, Coaches, in the time of queen Eliza- 
beth were poſſeſſed but by very few. They were not in ordinary uſe 
till after the year 1605, See Stowe's Annals, p. 867. 

In A pleaſant Dialogue between Coach and Sedan, 4to. 1636, it is 
faid, that (c the firſt coach that was ſeen in England was that preſented 
to Queen Elizabeth by the earl of Arundel, in which ſhe went from 
Somerſet-Houſe to St. Paule's Croſſe, to hear a ſermon on the victory 
obtained againſt the Spaniards in 1588.“ | 

« 1 wonder in my heart,” (ſays the writer, who was born in 
x578,) hy our nobilitie cannot in faire weather walke the ſtreets as 
they were wont; as I have ſeene the earles of Shrewſbury, Darbie, 
Suſſex, Cumberland, Eſſex, &c.—befides thoſe inimitable prefidents of 
courage and valour, Sir Frances Drake, Sir P. Sydney, Sir Martin 
Forbiſher, &. with a number of others,-when a coach was almoſt 
as rare as an elephant. | | 
Even when the above mentioned order was made, there were no 
| Dackney coaches, Theſe, as appears from another letter in the ſame 
collection, were eſtabliſhed a few months afterwards. © I _—_ 

4 1 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 131 


Plays in the time of King James the Firſt, (and pro- 
bably afterwards,) appear to have been performed every 
day at each theatre during the winter feaſon*, except 

: in 
{ſays Mr. Garrard) omit to mention any new thing that comes up 
amongſt us, though never fo trivial. Here is one captain Baily; he 
hath been a ſea-captain, but now lives on the land, about this city, 
where he tries experiments. He hath erected, according to his ability, 
ſome four backney coaches, put his men in livery, and appointed them 
to ſtand at the May- pole in the Strand, giving them inſtructions at 
what rates to carry men into ſeveral parts of the town, where all day 
they may be had. Other hackney-men ſeeing this way, they flocked to 
the ſame place, and perform their journeys at the ſame rate. So that 
fometimes there is twenty of them together, which diſperſe up and 
down, that they and others are to be had every where, as water-men 
are to be had by the water-fide. Every body is much pleaſed with it. 
For whereas, before, coaches could not be had but at great rates, now 
a man may have one much cheaper.” This letter is dated April 1, 
1674. —Straiford's Letters, Vol. I. p. 227. 

A few months afterwards hackney chairs were introduced: “ Here 
is alfo another project for carrying people up and down in cloſe chairs, 
for the ſole doing whereof, Sir Sander Duncombe, a traveller, now a 
penſioner, hath obtained a patent from the king, and hath forty or 
fifty making ready for uſe.” Ibid. p. 336. 

This ſpecies of conveyance had been uſed long before in Italy, from 
whence probably this rraweller introduced it, See Florio's Italian 
Dictionary, 1598, in v. Carrivola: * A kinde of chaire covered, 
uſed in Italie for to carrie men up and downe by porters, unſeene of 
any bodie.” In his ſecond edition, 1611, he defines it, “ A kind of 
covered chaire uſed in Italy, wherein men and women are carried by 
porters upon their ſhoulders.” | 

7 See p. 128, n. 3. In an epigram by Sir John Davies, perſons of 
an inferior rank are ridiculed for preſuming to imitate noblemen and 
gentlemen in riding to the theatre: 

« Fauſtus, nor lord, nor knight, nor wiſe, nor old, 
& To every place about the town doth ride; 
« He rides into the fields, plays to bebold ; 
« He rides to take boat at the water-ſide. 
| Epigrams, printed at Middleburg, about 1598. 

8 See Taylor's Suit of the Watermen, &c. Works, p. 171. But 
my love is ſuch to them, [ the players, ] that whereas they do play but 
once a day, I could be content they ſhould play twice or thrice a day.“ 
The players have all (except the Kings men, ) left their uſual reſi- 
dency on the Bankſide, and doe play in Middleſex far remote from 
the Thames, ſo that every day in the week they do draw unto them 


three or four thouſand people. Jbidem, 
K 2 In 


» 


132 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
in the time of Lent, when they were not permitted on 
the ſermon days, as they were called, that is, on Wed- 
neſday and Friday ; nor on the other days of the week, 
except by ſpecial licence; which however was obtained 
by a fee paid to the Maſter of the Revells. In the ſummer 
ſeaſon the ſtage exhibitions were continued, but during 
the long vacation they were leſs frequently repeated. 
However, it appears from Sir Henry Herbert's Manu- 
ſcript, that the king's company uſually brought out two 
or three new plays at the Globe every ſummer?. 
Though, from the want of newſpapers and other peri- 
odical publications, intelligence was not ſo ſpeedily 
circulated in former times as at preſent, our ancient 
theatres do not appear to have laboured under any diſ- 
advantage in this reſpect; for the players printed and 
expoſed accounts of the pieces that they intended to 


exhibit*, which, however, did not contain a lift of the 
| characters, 


In 1598, Hentzner ſays, plays were performed in the theatres which 
were then open, almoſt every day. ** Sunt porro Londini extra urbem 
theatra aliquot, in quibus hiſtriones Angli comcadias et tragedias ſingu- 
lis fere diebus in magna hominum frequentia agunt.” tin. 4to. 1598, 

9 In D'Avenant's Works we find “ an Epilogue to a vacation play 
at the Globe. See allo the Epiſtle to the Reader, prefixed to An- 
dromache, a tragedy acted at the Duke's theatre, in 1675; This 
play happening to be in my hands in the long vacation, a time when 
the playhouſes are willing to catch at any reed to ſave themſelves from 
ſinking, to do the houſe a kindneſs, and to ſerve the gentleman who 
it ſeemed was deſirous to ſee it on the ſtage, I willingly peruſed it. 
The play deſerved a better liking than it found; and had it been acted 
in the good well meaning times, when the Cid, Heraclius, and other 
French playes met ſuch applauſe, this would have paſſed very well; 
but ſince our audiences have taſted ſo plentifully the firm Engliſh wit, 
theſe thin regalibs will not down.“ | 

1 „ They uſe to ſet up their billes upon poſts ſome certaine days 
before, to admoniſh the people to make reſort to their theatres, that 
they may thereby be the better furniſhed, and the people prepared to 
fill their purſes with their treaſures.” Treatiſe againſi Idleneſs, vaine 
Playes and Interludes, bl. let. (no date). 

The antiquity of this cuſtom likewiſe appears from a ſtory recorded 
by Taylor the water-poet, under the head of Wit and Mirth. 30. 
« Maſter Field, the player, riding up Fleet-ſtreet a great pace, a gen- 
tleman called him, and aſked him, what play was played that day. He 


being angry to be ftaied on ſo frivolous a demand, anſwered, that he 
1 might 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 133 


characters, or the names of the actors by whom they 


were repreſented *. | 

The long and whimſical titles which are prefixed to 
the quarto copies of our author's plays, were undoubt- 
edly either written by bookſellers, or tranſcribed from 


the play-bills of the times. They were equally calcu- 
| 8 lated 


might ſee what play was to be plaied {upon every pee. I cry you 
mercy, ſaid the gentleman, I took you for a peſte, you rode ſo fait,” 
Taylor's Works, p. 183. | 
Ames, in his Hiſtory of Printing, p. 342, ſays, that James Roberts 
[ who publiſhed ſome of our author's dramas] printed bills for the 
Players. | | 
It appears from the following entry on the Stationers“ books that 
even the right of printing play-bills was at one time made a ſubject of 
monopoly: | 
& OR. 1587. John Charlewoode.] Lycenced to him by the whole 
conſent of the aſſiſtants, the onlye ymprinting of all manner of Gilles 
for players. Provided that if any trouble ariſe herebye, then Charle- 
<v:04e to beare the charges.“ | 
2 This practice did not commence till the beginning of the preſent 
century, I have ſeen a play-bill printed in the year 1697, which ex- 


prefled only the titles of the two pieces that were to be exhibited, and 


the time when they were to be repreſented. Notices of plays to be 
performed on a future day, fimilar to thoſe now daily publiſhed, firſt 
appeared in the original edition of the SpeFators in 1711. In theſe 
early theatrical advertiſements our author is always ſtyled the im- 
mortal Shakſpeare. Hence Pope: 

&« Shakſpeare, whom you and every gc bill 

ce Style the divine, the matchleſs, what you will.—.“ 

3 Since the firſt edition of this eſſay I have found ſtrong re aſon to 
believe that the former was the caſe. Naſhe in the ſecond edition of 
his Supplication to the Devil, 4to. 1592, complains that the printer 
had prefixed a'pompous title to the firſt impreſſion of his pamphlet, 
(publiſhed in the ſame year,) which he was much aſhamed of, and re- 
jected for one more ſimple, © Cut off,“ ſays he to his printer, ( that 
long-tayld title, and let mee notin the fore-front of my booke make a 
tedious mountebanks oration to the reader.“ The printer's title, with 
which Naſhe was diſpleaſed, is as follows: © Pierce Pennileſſe his Sup- 
plication to the Divell, deſcribing the over-ſpreading of Vice and ſuppreſſion 
of Vertue, Pleaſantly interlaced with variable delights, and pathetically 
intermixt with conceipted reproofes. Written by Thomas Naſhe, Gent. 
1592.” There is a ftriking reſemblance between this and the titles pre- 
fixed to ſome of the copies of our author's plays, which are given at 
length in the next note. In the title-page of our author's Merry Wiwes 


of Windſor, 4to, 1602, (ſee the next note,) Sir Hugh is called the 
; | K 3 Welch 


C 

5 
5 
* 
* 
y 
4 
*. 
I 


1 
7 
| 
i 
* 
N 
Fr 
3 
ö 
5. 
: 


| 


134 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


lated to attract the notice of the idle gazer in the walks 
at St. Paul's, or to draw a crowd about ſome vociferous 
Autolycus, who perhaps was hired by the players thus 
to raiſe the expectations of the multitude, It is indeed 


_ abſurd to ſuppoſe, that the modeſt Shakſpeare, who has 


more than once apologized for his antutored lines, ſhould 
in his manuſcripts have entitled any of his dramas mo/# 
excellent and pleaſant performances“. 

5 | Tt 


Welch knight; a miſtake into which Shakſpeare could not have 
fallen. 

Inſtead of the ſpurious title above given, Naſhe in his ſecond edition, 
printed apparently under his own inipeCtion, (by Abel Jettes, for John 
Buſbie,) calls his book only—Pierce Pennileſſe bis Supplication to the 
Divell. | 

4 The titles of the following plays may ſerve to juſtify what is 
here advanced : | 

c The moſt excellent Hiſtorie of the Merchant of Venice. With the 
extreame crueltie of Shylocke the Jewe towards the ſayd Merchant, in 
cutting a juſt pound of his fleſh, and obtayning of Portia by the choyſe 
of three caſkets. As it hath been diverſe times ated by the Lord 
Chamberlaine his Servants. Written by William Shakeſpeare, 
1600. c 


C Mr. William Shak-ſpeare his True Chronicle Hiſtorie of the Life and 
Death of King LE AR and his three Daughters. With the unfortunate 
life of Edgar, Sonne and Heire to the Earle of Gloſter, and his ſullen 
aſſumed humor of Tom of bedlam: As it was played before the Kings 


Majeſtie at Whitehall upon S. Stephens Night in Chriſtmaſs Holli- 


dayes. By his Majeſties Servants playing uſually at the Globe on the 
Bank<+fide, 1608,” | 

« A moſt Pleaſant and Excellent Conceited Comedie of Syr 
John Falſtaffe, and the Merry Wives of Windſor. Entermixed 
with ſundrie variable and pleaſing Humors of Sir Hugh, the Welch 
Knight, Juſtice Shallow, and his wiſe couſin, Mr. Slender. With 
the Swaggering Vaine of ancient Piſtoll, and Corporal Nym. By 
William Shakeſpeare. As it hath been divers times acted by the 
Right Honourable my Lord Chamberlaines Servants ; both before 
her Majeſtie and elſewhere, 1602. 


“The Hiſtory of Henrie the Fourth; With the Battel at Shrewſ- 
burie, betweene the King and Lord Henrie Percy, ſurnamed Henry 
Hot-ſpur of the North. With the humorous conceits of Sir John 
Falſtaffe. Newly corrected by W. Shakeſpeare, 1598. 


— 


The 


— — 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 135 
It is uncertain at what time the uſage of giving au- 


thors a benefit on the third day of the exhibition of their 


piece, commenced. Mr. Oldys, in one of his manu- 
ſcripts, intimates that dramatick poets had anciently 
their benefit on the firſt day that a new play was repre- 
ſented; a regulation which would have been very fa- 
vourable to ſome of the ephemeral productions of modern 
times. I have found no authority which proves this to 
have been the cafe in the time of Shakſpeare ; but 
at the beginning of the preſent century it appears to 
have been cuſtomary in Lent for the p/ayers of the thea- 
tre in Drury-lane to divide the profits of the firſt repre- 
ſentation of a new play among them 5. | | 
From D' Avenant, indeed, we learn, that in the latter 
part of the reign of queen Elizabeth, the poet had his 
benefit on the jecond day. As it was a general prac- 
tice, in the time of Shakſpeare, to ſell the copy of the 
play to the theatre, I imagine, in ſuch caſes, an author 
derived no other advantage from his piece, than what 
aroſe from the ſale of it, Sometimes, however, he found 


« The Tragedie of King Richard The Third. Containing his trea- 
cherous Plots againft his brother Clarence : The pitiful Murther of 
his innocent Nephews; his tiranous uſurpation: with the whole 
courſe of his deteſted Life, and moſt deſerved Death. As it hath 
been lately acted by the Right Honourable the Lord Chamberlaine 


his Servants, By William Shakeſpeare, 1597.” 


© The late and mucb-admired Play, called Pericles Prince of Tyre. 
With the true Relation of the whole Hiſtorie, adventures, and fortunes, 
of the ſaid Frinc2 : As alſo, the no leſs ſtrange and worthy accidents 
in the Birth and Life of his Daughter Mariana. As it hath been 
divers and ſundry times ated by his Majeſties Servants at the Globe 
on the Bank-fide, By William Shakeſpeare. 1609." | 
5 Gildon's Compariſon between the Stages, 1702, p. 9. 
o See The Play-Houſe to be Let: 
«© Player. — There is an old tradition, 
ce That in the times of mighty Tamberlane, 
« Of conjuring Fauſtus and the Beauchamps bold, 
6 You poets us'd to have the ſecond day; 
£4 This-ſhall be ours, fir, and to-morrow yours. 
6% Poet, I'll take my venture; tis agreed, 


K 4 it 


13:6 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


it more beneficial to retain the copy-right in his own 
hands; and when he did ſo, I ſuppoſe he had a benefit. 
It 1s certain that the giving authors the profits of the 
third exhibition of their play, which ſeems to have been 
the uſual mode during a great part of the laſt cen- 
tury, was an eſtabliſhed cuſtom in the year 1612; for 
Decker, in the prologue to one of his comedies, printed 
in that year, ſpeaks of the poet's third day“. 


The unfortunate Otway had no more than one berefit 


on the production of a new play; and this too, it 
ſeems, he was ſometimes forced to mortgage, before the 
piece was afted*, Southerne was the firſt dramatick 


7 © It is not praiſe is ſought for now, but pence, 
& Though dropp'd from greaſy-apron'd audience. 
« Ciapp'd may he be with thunder, that plucks bays 
c With ſuch foul hands, and with ſquint eyes doth gaze 
& On Pallas* ſhield, not caring, ſo he gains 
& A cram'd third day, what filth drops from his brains!“ 
Prologue to If this be not à good play, the Devil's in't, 1612. 


Yet the following paſſages intimate, that the poet at a ſubſequent 


period had ſome intereſt in the ſecond day's exhibition: 


« Whether their ſold ſcenes be diſlik'd or hit, 
4 Are cares for them who eat by the ſtage and wit; 
«© He's one whoſe unbought muſe did never fear 
66 An empty ſecond day, or a thin ſhare.” 
Prologue to The City Match, a comedy, by J. Mayne, 
acted at Blackfriars in 1639. 


So, in the prologue to The Sepby, by Sir John Denham, aQed at 
Blackfryars in 16422 
he Gentlemen, if you diſlike the play, 
« Pray make no words on't till the ſecond day 
<© Or third be paſt; for we would have you know it, 
«© The loſs will fall on us, not on the poet, 
44 For he writes not for money.“ — 
In other caſes, then, it may be preſumed, the loſs, either of the 
ſecond or third day, did affect the author. 8 
Since the above was written, I have learned from Sir Henry Her- 
bert's office-book, that between the year 1625 and 1641, benefits 
were on the ſecond day of repreſentation. 
s c But which amongſt you is there to be found, 
& Will take his third days pawwn, for fifty pound?“ 
Epilogue to Caius Marius, 1680. 
| writer 


3 
— mUD— ——— i 
7 


' OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 137 


writer who obtained the emoluments ariſing from two 
repreſentations? ; and to Farquhar, in the year 1700, 
the benefit of a third was granted“; but this appears to 


have been a particular favour to that gentleman; for 


for ſeveral years afterwards dramatick poets had only 
the benefit of the third and ſixth performance ?. 

The profit of three repreſentations did not become the 
eſtabliſhed right of authors till after the year 17200. 

To the honour of Mr. Addiſon, it ſhould be remem- 
bered, that he firſt diſcontinued the ancient, but humi- 
liating, practice of diſtributing tickets, and ſoliciting 
company to attend at the theatre, on the poet's nights . 


9 ce J muſt make my boaſt, though with the moſt acknowledging 
re ſpect, of the favours of the fair ſex—in ſo viſibly promoting my in- 
tereſt on thoſe days chiefly, (the ird and the ſixth, ) when I had the 
tendereſt relation to the welfare of my play.“ 

Southerne's Dedication of Sir Antony Lowe, a comedy, 1691. 
Hence Pope: | f 

% May Tom, whom heaven ſent down to raiſe 
ct The price of prologues and of plays,“ &c. 

It ſhould ſeem, however, to have been ſome time before this cuſtom 
was uniformly eſtabliſhed ; for the author of The Treacherous Brothers, 
acted in 1696, had only one benefit: | 

4 See't but three days, and fill the houſe, the /aff, 
& He ſhall not trouble you again in haſte.” Epilogue. 

1 On the repreſentation of The Conſtant Couple, which was perform. 
ed fifty-three times in the year 1700. Farquhar, on account of the 
extraordinary ſucceſs of that play, is ſaid by one of his biographers, 
to have been allowed by the managers, the profits of four repreſen- 
tations. - 

2 * Let this play live; then we ſtand bravely fixt ! 

cc But let none come his third day, nor the fixth,” 
" Epilogue to The Iſland Princeſs, 1701. 
ce But ſhould this fail, at leaſt our author prays, 
6 A truce may be concluded for fix days. 
| Epilogue to The Perflex'd Lowers, 1712. 

In the preface to The Humours of the Army, printed in the following 
year, the author ſays, It would be impertinent to go about to juſtify 
the play, becauſe a prodigious full third night and a very good ſixth are 
prevailing arguments in its behalf.“ | 

* Cibber in his Dedication to Aimena or the Heroick Daughter, 


printed in 1719, talks of bad plays lingering through fx nights. At 


that time therefore poets certainly had but two benefits. 
3 Southerne, by this practice, is ſaid to have gained ſeven hundred 


pounds by one play, 
When 


138 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


When an author fold his piece to the ſharers or pro- 
prietors of a theatre, it could not be performed by any 
other company“, and remained for ſeveral years un- 
publiſhed 5; but, when that was not the caſe, he printed 

: it 


4 cc Whereas William Bieſton, gent. governor of the kings and 
queenes young company of players at the Cockpit in Drury Lane, has 
repreſented unto his majeſty, that the ſeverall playes hereafter men- 
tioned, viz. Wit witcout Money: The Night-Walkers : The Knight of 
tbe Burning Peſile: Father's caune Sonne: Cupids Revenge The 
Bondman : The Renegado: A new Way to pay D:bts : The great Duke 
6f Florence: The Maid of Hinour : The Traytor: The Example: 
The Young Almiral: The Opportunity: A witty fayre One: Loves 
| Craelty : The Wedding: The Maids Revenge: The Lady of Pleaſure : 
be Hebeole of Complement: The grateful Servant: The Coronation : 
Hide Parte: Philip Chabot, Admiral of France: A Mad Couple awwell 
met All's loft by Luft ; The Changeling : A fayre Quarrel: The Spa- 
wiſh Gipfies The W.rld : The Sunnes Darling: Lowes Sacrifice: Tis 
pity ſpee's a Whore: George a Greene: Loves Miſtreſs : The Cunning 
Lovers: The Rape of Lucrece: A Trick to cheat the Divell: A Fcole 
and her Mayd enbead ſoone parted : King Fobn and Matilda: A City 
Night-cap : The Bloody Banquets Cupids Revenge: The conceited 
Dale and Appius and Virginia, doe all and every of them properly 
and of right belong to the ſayd houſe, and conſequently that they are 
all in his propriety. And to the end that any other companies of actors 
in or about London ſhall not preſume to act any of them to the preju- 
dice of him the ſayd William Bieſton and his company, his majeſty 
hath fignifyed his royal pleaſure unto mee, thereby requiring mee to 
declare ſoe much to all other companies of actors hereby concernable, 
that they are not any wayes to intermeddle with or a& any of the 
above mentioned playes. Whereof I require all maſters and gover- 
nours of playhouſes, and all others whom it may concerne, to take 
notice, and to forbeare to impeach the ſayd William Bieſton in the 
premiles, as they tender his majeſties diſpleaſure, and will anſwer the 
contempt. Given, &c. Aug. 10. 1639.” Mf. in the Lord Chamber- 
tain's office, entitled in the margin, Cockpitt playes appropried. 

5 Sametimes, however, an author, after having fold his piece to the 
theatre, either publiſhed it, or ſuffered it to be printed; but this ap- 
pears to have been conſidered as diſhoneſt. See the pref. to Heywood's 
Rape of Lucrece, 1638: 1 had rather ſubſcribe in that to their 
fevere cenſure, than, by ſeeking to avoid the imputation of weakneſs, to 
incur a great ſuſpicion of honeſty 3 for though ſome have uſed a double 
fale of their labours, firſt to the ſtage, and after to the preſſe,” &c. 

How careful the proprietors were to guard againſt the publication of 


the plays which they had purchaſed, appears from the following ad- 


moni tion 9 


wt 
— 


—— — 
— 
— 


—— 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 139 


it for ſale, to which many ſeem to have been induced 
from an apprehenſion that an imperfect copy might be 
iſſued 


monition, directed to the Stationers' Company in the year 1637, by 


Philip earl of Pembroke and Montgomery, then Lord Chamberlain. 


After my hearty commendations.— Whereas complaint was here- 
tofore preſented to my dear brother and predeceſſor, by his majeſties 
ſervants, the players, that ſome of the company of printers and ſtation- 


ers had procured, publiſhed, and printed, diverſe of their books of 


comedyes and tragedyes, chronicle hiſtoryes, and the like, which they 
had (for the ſpecial ſervice of his majeſtye and for their own ule) 
bought and provided at very dear and high rates. By meanes whereof, 
not only they themſelves had much prejudic?, but the books much 
corruption, to the injury and diſgrace of the authors. And thereupon 
the maſter and wardens oi the company of printers and ſtationers were 
adviſed by my brother to take notice thereof, and to take order for the 
ſtay of any further impreſſion of any of the playes or interludes of his 


majeſties ſervants without their confents; which being a caution 


given with ſuch reſpect, and grounded on ſuch weighty reaſons, both 
for his majeſties ſervice and the particular intereſt of the players, and 
ſoe agreeable to common juſtice and that indifferent meaſure which 
every man would look for in his own particular, it might have been 
preſumed that they would have needed no further order or direction in 
the bufineſs, notwithflanding which, I am informed that ſome copies 
of playes belonging to the king and queenes ſervants, the players, and 
purchaſed by them at dear rates, having beene lately ſtollen or gotten 
from them by indirect means, are now attempted to be printed, and 
that ſome of them are at the preſs, and ready to be printed; which, if it 
ſhould be ſuftered, would directly tend to their apparent detriment and 
great prejudice, and to the diſenabling them to do their majeſties ſer- 
vice: for prevention and redreſſe whereof, it is deſired that order be 
given and entered by the maſter and wardens of the company of prin- 
ters and ſtationers, that if any playes be already entered, or ſhall here- 


after be brought unto the hall to be entered for printing, that notice 


thereof be given to the king and queenes ſervants, the players, and 
an enquiry made of them to whom they do belong; and that none bee 
ſuffered to be printed untill the aſſent of their majeſties' ſaid ſervants 
be made appear to the Maſter and Wardens of the company of printers 
and ſtationers, by ſome certificate in writing under the hands of John 
Lowen, and Joſeph Taylor, for the kings ſervants, and of Chriſtopher 
Beeſton for the king and queenes young company, or of ſuch other 
perſons as ſhall from time to time have the direction of theſe compa- 
niesz Which is a courſe that can be hurtfull unto none but ſuch as are 
about unjuſtly to peravayle themſelves of others' goods, without re- 
ſpe of order or good government; which I am confident you will be 
careful to avoyd, and therefore I recommend it to your ſpecial care. 

And 


* WER. 


| 
: 


140 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


iſſued from the preſs without their conſent. The cuſ- 


tomary price of the copy of a play, in the time of Shak- 
ſpeare, appears to have been twenty nobles, or ſix pounds 
thirteen ſhillings and four-pence?7, The play when 
| | printed 
And if you ſhall have need of any further authority or power either 
from his majeſty? or the counſell-table, the better to enable you in 
the execution thereof, upon notice given to mee either by yourſelves or 
the players, I will endeavour to apply that further remedy thereto, 
which ſhall be requifite, And foe I bidd you very heartily farewell, 
and reſt 
Your very loving friend, | | 
June 10, 1637. 1 P. and M. 

& To the Maſter and Wardens of the Company of P. inters and 
Stationers.“ | 

s One only thing affects me; to think, that ſcenes invented 
merely to be ſpoicen, ſhould be inforcively publiſhed to be read; and 
that the leaſt hurt 1 can receive, is, to do myſelf the wrong. But 
fince others otherwiſe would do me more, the leaſt inconvenience is to 
be accepted: I have therefore myſelf ſet forth this comedie. Mars 
Ron's pref. to the Maleconcent, 1604. | 

7 See The Defence of Coneycatching, 1592: „ Maſter R. G. 
[Robert — AY it not make you bluſh—if you fold Orlando 
Furioſo to the queenes players for twenty nobles, and when they were 
in the country, fold the ſame play to Lord Admirals men, for as 
much more? Was not this plain coneycatching, M. G.?“ 

Oldys, in one of his manuſcripts, ſays, that Shakſpeare received 
but ve pounds for his Hamlet; whether from the players who firſt 
acted it, or the printer or bookſeller who firſt publiſned it, is not 
diſtinguiſhed, I do not believe he had any good authority for this 
aſſertion. | 

In the latter end of the laſt century, it ſhould ſeem, an author did 
not uſually receive more from his bookſeller for a dramatick performance 
than 20l. or 251. for, Dryden in a letter to his ſon, written about 
the year 1698, mentions, that the whole emoluments which he ex- 
pected from a new play that he was about to produce, would not ex- 
ceed one hundred pounds, Otway and Lee got but that ſum by 
Venice Preſerved, The Orphan, Theodefius, and Alexander the Great; 
as Gildon, their contemporary, informs us. The profits of the third 
night were probably ſeventy pounds; the dedication produced either 
five or ten guineas, according to the. munificence of the patron 


* 


and the reſt aroſe from the ſale of the copy. 


Southerne, however, in conſequence of the extraordinary ſucceſs of 


his Fatal Marriage in 1694, fold the copy of that piece for thirty-ſix 
pounds, as appears from a letter which has been kindly communicated 


w me by my friend, the Right Hon. ble Mr, Windham, and which, as 
| | it 


l 


e — 
— 


. OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 14. 
| printed was fold for ſixpence*; and the uſual preſent 


| | from 
| it contains ſome new ſtage anecdotes, T ſhall print entire. This let- 
* ter has been lately found by Mr. Windham among his father's papers, 


at Felbrigge in Norfolk; but, the ſignature being wanting, by whom 
it was written has not been aſcertained: Ws 
cc Dear Sir, Landon, March the 22, 1693-4. 

CC J received but 10 days fince the favour of your obliging letter, 
dated January the laſt, for which I return you a thouſand thanks. I | 
wiſh my ſcribbling could be diverting to you, I ſhould oftner trouble | 
you with my letters; but there is hardly any thing now to make it 
acceptable to you, but an account of our winter diverſions, and chiefly 
of the new-plays which have been the entertainment of the town. 
| « The firſt that was acted was Mr. Congreve's, called The Double 
7 Dealer, It has fared with that play, as it generally does with beau- | 
ties officiouſly cried up; the mighty expectation which was raiſed of | 
it made it fink, even beneath its own merit, The character of the | 
Double Dealer is artfully writt, but the action being but fingle, and 
confined within the rules of true comedy, it could not pleaſe the gene- 
rality of our audience, who reliſh nothing but variety, and think any 
thing dull and heavy which does not border upon farce. — The criticks 
were ſevere upon this play, which gave the authour occaſion to laſh em 
in his Epiſtle Dedicatory, in ſo defying or hectoring a ſtyle, that it was 
counted rude. even by his beſt friends; ſo that *tis generally thought 
he has done his buſineſs, and loſt himſelf: a thing he owes to Mr. 
Dryden's treacherous triendſhip, who, being jealous of the applauſe he 
had gott by his 0/4 Batchelour, deluded him into a fooliſh imitation of 
his own way of writing angry prefaces. 

c The 2d play is Mr. Dryden's, called Leve Triumphant, or Nature 
evill prevail. It is a tragi-comedy, but in my opinion one of the 
worſt he ever writt, if not the very worſt ; the comical part deſcends 
beneath the ſtyle and ſhew of a Bartholomew-fair droll. It was 
damn'd by the univerſal cry of the town, nemine contradicente, but 
the conceited poet, He ſays in his prologue, that this is the laſt the 
town muſt expect from him: he had done himſelf a kindneſs, had he 
taken his leave before. 

«© The 3d is Mr. Southern's, calld The Fatal Marriage, or the Inno- 
cent Adultery, It is not only the beſt that authour ever writt, but is 
generally admired for one of the greateſt ornaments of the ſtage, and 
the moſt entertaining play has appeared upon it theſe 7 years. The 
plot is taken out of Mrs. Behn's novel, calld The Unhappy Vew- 
' Breaker. I never ſaw Mrs. Barry act with ſo much paſſion as the does 

in it; I could not forbear being moved even to tears to ſee her act. 
Never was poet better rewarded or incouraged by the town; for beſides 
an extraordinary full houſe, which brought him about 140l. 50 no- 
blemen, among whom my lord Winchelſea was one, gave him 
guineas apiece, and the printer 36l. for his copy. 

& This kind uſage will encourage deſponding minor poets, and vex 


huffing Dryden and Congreve to madneſs, 
| c We 


— — — 


142 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
from a patron, in return for a dedication, was forty ſhil- 
lings“. . | 


© We had another new play yeſterday, called The Ambitious Slave, 
er a generous Revenge. Elkanah Settle is the authour of it, and the 
ſucceſs is anſwerable to his reputation. I never ſaw a piece ſo wretched, 


nor worſe contrived. He pretends *tis a Perſian ſtory, but not one 


body in the whole audience could make any thing of it; 'tis a meer 
babel, and will fink for ever. The poor poet, ſeeing the houſe would 
not act it for him, and give him the benefit of the third day, made a 
preſent of it to the women in the houſe, who act it, but without 
profit or incouragement.“ 


In 1707 the common price of the copy-right of a play was fifty 


pounds; though in that year Lintot the bookſeller gave Edmund 
Smith fixty guineas for his Płædra and Hippolitus. 

In 1715, Sir Richard Steele fold Mr. Addiſon's comedy, called The 
Drummer, to J. Tonſon for fifty pounds: and in 1721, Dr. Young 
received the fame price for his tragedy of The Revenge, Two vears 
before, however, (1719) Southerne, who ſeems to have underſtood 
author-craft better then any of his contemporaries, ſold his Sparran 
Dame for the extraordinary ſum of 120l.; and in 1726 Lintot paid 
the celebrated plagiary, James Moore Smyth, one hundred guineas 
for a comedy, entitled The Rival Modes, From that time, this ap- 
pears to have been the cuſtomary price for ſeveral years; but of late, 
(though rarely) one hundred and fifty pounds have been given for a 
new play. The fineſt tragick poet of the preſent age, Mx. IEZTEHSOxN, 
received that price for two of his admirable tragedies. | 

5 See the preface to the quarto edition of Troilus and Creſſida, 
1609 : Had I time, I would comment upon it, though it needs not, 
for ſo much as will make you think your teferne well beſtowed, but 
for ſo much worth as even poor I know to be ſtuft in it,“ &c. 


See alſo the preface to Randolph's Fealzus Lowers, a comedy, 


1632: „ Courteous reader, I beg thy pardon, if I put thee to the ex- 
pence of a ſixpence, and the loſs of half an hour.“ 


9 « T did determine not to have dedicated my play to any body, 


becauſe forty ſbillings I care not for; and above, few or none will be- 
ſtow on theſe matters.“ Dedication to A Woman's a Weathercock, a 
comedy, by N. Field, 1612. | 1 OY : 

See alſo the Author*s Epiftle popular, prefixed to Cynthia's Revenge, 
1613: © Thus do our pie-bald naturaliſts depend upon poor wages, 


gape after the drunken harveſt of forty ſhillings, and ſhame the worthy 


bene factors of Helicon.” | 
Soon after the Revolution, five, and ſometimes ten, guineas ſeems 
to have been the cuſtomary preſent on theſe occaſions. In the time 


of George the Firſt, it appears from one of Swift's Letters that twenty 


guineas were uſually preſented to an author for this piece of flattery. 


On 


——— ——ð5— 


b 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 143 


On the firſt day of exhibiting a new play, the prices 
of admiſſion appear to have been raiſed *, ſometimes to 
double, ſometimes to treble, prices* ; and this ſeems - 
to have been occaſionally practiſed on the benefit-nights 
of authors, and on the repreſentation of expenſive plays, 
to the year 1726 in the preſent century 3, 

Dramatick poets in ancient times, as at preſent, were 
admitted gratis into the theatre +. | 
It 


1 This may be collected from the following verſes by J. Mayne, to 
the memory of Ben Jonſon : 
He that writes well, writes quick, ſince the rule's true, 
% Nothing is flowly done, that's always new; 
& So when thy Fox had ten times acted been, 
«© Each day was firfi, but that *twas cheaper ſeen.” 
2 See the laſt line of the Prologue to Tunbridge Wells, 1672, quoted 
In p. 80, Ne 7, 
3 Downes, ſpeaking of the Squire of Alſatia, acted in 1688, ſays, ** the 
poet received for his third day in the houſe in Drury Lane at „inge 
Prices, 130l. which was the greateſt receipt they ever had at fng/e 
prices. Hence it appears that the prices were ſometimes raiſed ; and 
after the Reſtoration the additional prices were, I believe, demanded 
during what is called in the language of the theatre the firſt run of 
a new piece, At leaſt this was the caſe in the preſent century, See 
the Epilogue to Hecuba, a tragedy, 1726: | 
5 cc What, a new play, without new ſcenes and cioaths! 
6: Without a friendly party from the Roſe 
«© And what againſt à run ſtill prepoſſeſſes, 
c *Twas on the bills put up at common prices.“ 
See alſo the Epilogue to Lowe 2! firſt Hg bt: 
„ Wax tapers, gawdy cloatihs, rais'd prices too, 
« Yet even the play thus garniſh'd would not do.” 
In 1702 the prices of admiſſion were in a flutuating ſtate, t The 
people,” ſays Gildon, © never were in a better humour for plays, nor 


were the houſes ever fo crowded, though the rates have run very high, 


ſometimes to a ſcandalous exceſs ; never did printed plays riſe to ſuch 
a price, — never were ſo many poets preferred as in the laſt ten years. 
e between the two ſtages, 1702. The price of a printed play 
about that time roſe to eighteen-pence. | 
+ See verſes by]. Stephens, © to his worthy friend,” H. Fitz-Jeoffery, 


en his Votes from Black-fryers, 1617: 
; «>: 


4 Though it be a player's vice to be unjuft 

« To verſe not yielding coyne, let players know, 
6 'They cannot recompence your labour, though 
16 They grace you with a chayre upon the ſtage, 
& Ard take no morty of you, nor your page. 


144 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


It appears from Sir Henry Herbert's Office-book that 


the king's company between the years 1622 and 1641 
produced either at Blackfriars or the Globe at leaſt 


four new plays every year. Every play, before it was 


repreſented on the ſtage, was licenſed by the Maſter of 
the Revels, for which he received in the time of Queen 
Elizabeth but a noble, though at a ſubſequent period 
the ſtated fee on this occaſion roſe to two pounds. | 
Neither Queen Elizabeth, nor King James the Firſt, 
nor Charles the Firſt, I believe, ever went to the pub- 
lick theatre; but they frequently ordered plays to be 
performed at court, which were repreſented in the royal 
theatre called the Cockpit, in Whitehall: and the actors 
of the king's company were ſometimes commanded to 
attend his majeſty in his ſummer's progreſs, to perform 
before him in the country. Queen Henrietta Maria, 
| however, 


So, in The Play- bouſe to be let, by Sir W. D*Avenant : 
& Poet. Do you let up for yourſelves, and profeſs wit, 
& Without help of your authors? Take heed, firs, 
&« You'll get few cuſtomers, 
& Houſckeeper. Yes, we ſhall have the poets. 
« Poet. *Tis becauſe they pay nothing for their entrance. 


s ce Whereas William Pen, Thomas Hobbes, William Trigg, 


William Patrick, Richard Baxter, Alexander Gough, William Hart, 
and Richard Hawley, together with ten more or thereabouts of their 
fellows, his majeſties comedians, and of the regular company of play- 
ers in the Blackfryers, London, are commaunded to attend his ma- 
jeſtie, and be nigh about the court this ſummer progreſs, in readineſs, 
when they thall be called upon to act before his majeſtie: for the 
better enablipg and encouraging them whereunto, his majeſty is gra- 
ciouſly pleaſed that they ſhall, as well before his majeſties ſetting 
forth on his maine progreſſe, as in all that time, and after, till they 
ſhall have occaſion to returne homewards, have all freedome and liberty 
to repayre unto all towns corporate, mercate townes, and other, where 
they ſhall thinke fitt, and there in their common halls, mootehalls, 
ſchool-houſes or other convenient roomes, act playes, comedyes, and 


interludes, without any lett, hinderance, or moleſtation whatſoever 


(behaving themſelves civilly). And herein it is his majeſties pleaſure, 
and he does expect, that in all places where they come, they be trea- 
ted and entertayned with ſuch due reſpect and courteſie as may become 


his majeſties loyal and loving ſubjects towards his ſervants, In teſti- 


mony whereof I have hereunto ſet my hand and ſeale at arms. Dated 
at Whitehall, the 17th of May, 1636. 5 


To all Mayors, &c. | | P. and M.“ 
MC, in the Lord Chamberlain's office. 
This 


. eee ce LR ala 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 145 


however, went ſometimes to the publick theatre at 
Blackfriars*. I find from the Council-books that in 
the time of Elizabeth ten pounds was the payment 
for a play. performed before her; that is, twenty 
nobles, or tix pounds, thirteen ſhillings, and four-pence, 
as the regular and ſtated fee; and three pounds, fix 
ſhillings, and eight-pence, by way of bounty or reward. 
The ſame ſum, as 1 learn from the manuſcript notes of 
lord Stanhope, Treaſurer of the Chamber to king 
James the Firſt, continued to be paid during his reign : 
and this was the ſtated payment during the reign of his 
ſucceſſor alſo. Plays at court were uſually Peres at 


night, by which means they did not interfere with the 


This is entitled in the margin -A Player's Paſs. 

William Hart, whoſe name occurs in the foregoing liſt, and who 
undoubtedly was the eldeſt ſon of Joan Hart, our poet's ſiſter, is men- 
tioned in another warrant, with ten others, as a dependant on the 
players, —* employed by his Majeſties ſervants of the Blackfryers, and 
of ſpecial! uſe unto them, both on the ſtage and otherwiſe.” 

This paper having eſcaped my memory, when a former part of this 
work was printing, {ſee Vol. I. P. I. p. 162, n. I. and p. 179, n. 1. 
J ſuggeſted that Michael Hart, our poet's youngeſt nephew, was pro- 
bably the father of Charles Hart, the celebrated tragedian; but with- 
out doubt his father was William, (the elder brother of Michael,) who, 
we find, ſettled in London, and was an actor. It is highly probable 
that he leſt Stratford before his uncle Shakſpeare's death, at which 
time he was fixteen years old; and in confequence of that connexion 
found an eaſy introduction to the ſtage. He probably married in the 
year 1625, and his fon Charles was, I ſuppoſe, born in 1626. Be- 
fore the acceſſion of Charles the Firſt, the chriſtian name of Charles 
was ſo uncomtnon, that it ſcarcely ever occurs in our early pariſh-re- 
giſters. Charles Hart was a lieutenant under Sir Thomas Dalliſon in 
Prince Rupert's regiment, and fought at the battle of Edgehill, at 
which time, according to my ſuppofition, he was but ſeventeen years 
old; but ſuch early exertions were not at that time uncommon. Wil- 


liam Hart, who has given occaſion to the preſent note, died in 1649, 


and was buried at his native town of Stratford on the 28th of March 


in that year. |, 
6 ce The 13 May, 1634, the Queene was at Blackfryers, to ſee Meſ- 


ſengers playe.” — The play which her majeſty honoured with her pre- 


ſence was The Tragedy of Cleander, which had been produced on the 
7th of the ſame month, and is now loſt, with many other pieces of the 
ſame writer. | 


„ HY regular 


146 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
regular exhibition at-the publick theatres, which was 
early in the afternoon; and thus the royal bounty was 
for ſo much a clear profit to the company: but when a 
play was commanded to be performed at any of the royal 
palaces in the neighbourhood of London, by which the 
actors were prevented from deriving any profit from a 
publick exhibition on the ſame day, the fee, as appears 
from a manuſcript in the Lord Chamberlain's office, 
was, in the year 1630, and probably in Shakſpeare's 
time alſo, twenty pounds 7; and this circumſtance | for- 
merly ſtated, as ſtrongly indicating that the ſum laſt men- 
tioned was a very conſiderable produce on any one re- 
preſentation at the Blackfriars or Globe playhouſe. The 
office-book which I have ſo often quoted, has fully con- 

firmed my conjecture. 

The cuſtom of paſſing a final cenſure on plays at their 
firſt exhibition *, is as ancient as the time of our author; 
| for 


7 ct Whereas by virtue of his majeſties letters patent bearing date 


the 16th of June, 1625, made and. graunted in confirmation of di- 
verſe warrants and privy ſeales unto you formerly directed in the time 
of our late ſoveraigne king James, you are authorized (amongſt other 


things) to make payment tor playes acted before his majeſty and the 


queene. Theis are to pray and require you, out of his majeſties trea- 
iure in your charge, to pay or cauſe to be payed unto hn Lowing, in 
the behalfe of himſelfe and the reſt of the company his majeſties play- 


ers, the ſum of two hundred and ſixty pounds; that is to ſay, bent? 


pounds apiece for foure playes acted at Hampton Court, in reſpect and 
conſideration of the travaile and expence of the whole company in dyet 
and lodging during the time of their attendance there; and the like 


ſomme of twenty pounds for one other play which was acted in the day- 


time at Whitehall, by meanes whereof the players loſt the benefit of 
their houſe for that day; and zen pounds apiece for ſixteen other playes 
acted before his majeſty at Whitehall: amounting in all unto the 
ſum of two hundred and fixty pounds for one and twenty playes his 
majeſties ſervaunts ated before his majeſtie and the queene at ſeverall 
times, between the zoth of Sept. and the 2 iſt of Feb. laſt paſt, As 
it may appeare by the annexed ſchedule. 

«© And theis, &c. March 17, 1630-1.“ 

- Mf. in the Lord Chamberlain's office. 

8 The cuſtom of expreſſing diſapprobation of a play, and interrupt- 
ing the drama, by the noiſe of catcals, or at leaſt by imitating the tones 
of a cat, is probably as ancient as Shakſpeare's time; for Necker in 
his Guls Horne-book, counſels the gallant, if he wiſhes to diſgrace the 

poet, 


* . T 


PF 


$ . * 
rs e e M IS OR SB ee 


ue Fs 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 147 


for no leſs than three plays? of his rival, Ben Jonſon, ap- 
ear to have been deſervedly damned“; and Fletcher's 
Faithful Shepherdeſs *, and The Knight of the Burning 


_ Peftle, written by him and Beaumont, underwent the 


ſame fate. | 
It is not eaſy to aſcertain what were the emoluments 


of a ſucceſsful actor in the time of Shakſpeare. They 


poet, „ to bew at the children's action, to whiſtle at the ſongs, 
and mew at the paſſionate ſpeeches.” See alſo the induction to The 
Iſle of Gulli, a comedy, 1606: „ Either ſee it all or none; for *tig 
grown into a cuſtom at plays, if any one riſe, {eſpecially of any faſhion- 
able ſort,) about what ſerious buſinefs ſoever, the reſt, thinking it ia 
diſlike of the play, (though he never thinks it,) cry“ new, - by 
Jeſus, vile, —and leave the poor heartleſs children to ſpeak their epi- 
logue to the empty ſeats.” 

GSejanus, Catiline, and The New Inn. Of the two former Jon- 
ſon's Gboſt is thus made to ſpeak in an epilogue to Every Man in his 
Humour, written by Lord Buckhurſt, about the middle of the laſt 
century: 

«© Hold, and give way, for I myſelf will ſpeak; 

«© Can you encourage ſo much inſolence, 

c And add new faults ſtill to the great offence 

6 Your anceſtors ſo raſhly did commit, | 

4 Againſt the mighty powers of art and wit, 

© When they condemn'd thoſe noble works of mine, 

c Sejanus, and my beſt-lov'd Catiline? 

The title-page of The New Inn, is a ſufficient proof of its condem- 
nation. Another piece of this writer does not ſeem to have met with 
a very favourable reception; for Mr. Drummond .of Hawthornden 
(Jonſon's friend) informs us, that 46 when the play of The Silent 
Woman was firſt ated, there were found verſes, after, on the ſtage, 
againſt him, [the author, ] concluding, that that play was well named 
The Silent Woman, becauſe there was never one man to ſay plaudite 
to it.“ Drummond's Works, fol. p. 226. 

1 The term, as well as the practice, is ancient. See the epilogue 
to The Unfortunate Lovers, by Sir W. D*Avenant, 16433: 

6 nn— O ur poet 

c will never wiſh to ſee us thrive, 

« If by an humble epilogue we ſtrive 

« To court from you thar privilege to-day, 

% Which you ſo long have had, to damn a play. 


2 See in p. 99 (n. 4.) Verſes addreſſed to Fletcher on his Faith- 
Ful Sbepberdeſs, 
3 See the epiſtle prefixed to the firſt edition of The Knight of the 


Burning Peſtle, in 1613. | 
CNC. 3 had 


1438 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


had not then annual benefits, as at preſent * The 
clear emoluments of the theatre, after deducting the 
nightly expences ſor lights, men occaſionally hired 
for the evening, &c. which in Shakſpeare's houſe was 
but forty-five ſhillings, were divided into ſhares, of 
which part belonged to the proprietors, who were called 
houſekeepers, and the remainder was divided among 
the actors, according to their rank and merit, I ſuſpect 
that the whole clear receipt was divided into forty 
ſhares, of which perhaps the houſe-keepers or proprietors 
had fifteen, the actors twenty-two, and three were devoted 
to the purchaſe of new plays, drefſes, &c. From Ben 
Jonſon's Poctaſter, it ſhould ſeem that one of the perfor- 
mers had ſeven ſhares and a half“; but of what integral 
ſum 1s not mentioned. The perſon alluded to, (if any 
perſon was alluded to, which is not certain,) muſt, [ 
think, have been a proprietor, as well as a principal 


actor. Our poet in his Hamlet ſpeaks of a whole ſhare, 


as no contemptible emolument; and from the ſame play 
we learn that ſome of the performers had only half a 
ſhare*. Others probably had ſtill leſs, 

It 


4 Cibber ſays in his Apology, pe 96, © Mrs. Barry was the firſt per- 
ſon whoſe merit was diſtinguiſhed by the indulgence of having an 
annual benefit-play, which was granted to her alone, if I miſtake not, 
firſt in king James's time; and which became not common to others, 
till the diviſion of this company, after the death of king William's 

veen Mary,” BED | 

But in this as in many other facts he is inaccurate ; for it appears 
from an agreement entered into by Dr. D*Avenant, Charles Hart, 
Thomas Betterton, and others, dated Octoher 14, 1681, that the 
actors had then benefits. By this agreement five ſhillings, apiece, were 
to be paid to Hart and Kynaſton the players, “for every day there 

ſhall be any tragedies or comedies or other repreſentations ated at the 
Duke's theatre in Saliſbury Court, or wherever the company ſhall act, 
during the reſpective lives of the ſaid Charles Hart and Edward 
Kynaſton, excepting the days the young men or young women play for 
tbeir own ee ends.” Gitdon's Life of e H 8. 7 F 

5 % Tucca, Fare thee well, my honeſt penny-biter : commend me 
to ſeven ſhares and a balf, and remember to-morrow. If you lack a 
ſer vice, you ſhall play in my name, raſcals; [alluding to the cuſtom 
of actors calling themſelves the ſervants of certain noblemen, ] but you 
ſhall buy your own cloth, and I'll have evo ſhares for my counte- 
nance.” Poetaſter, 1602. 

o « Would not this, fir, and a foreſt of feathers, (if the reſt, o 


my 


» 
f — — — 
. 1 — oy * 3 


; 
| 


and queen's players, were by agr 


e 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 149 


It appears from a deed executed by Thomas Killigrew 
and others, that in the year 1666, the whole profit 
ariſing from acting plays, maſques, &c. at the king's 
theatre, was divided into twelve ſhares and three quar- 


zers 7, of which Mr. Killigrew, the manager, had two 
ſhares 


my fortunes turn Turk with me,) with two Provencial roſes on my 
razed ſhoes, get me a fellowſhip in a cry of players, fir ? 


« Har. Half a ſhare. | 

« Ham. A whole ſhare, I.“ Hamlet, Act III. ſc. ii. 

In a poem entitled I would and I would not, by B. N. 1614, the 
writer makes a player utter a wiſh to poſſeſs five ſhares in every play 
but I do not believe that any performer derived ſo great an emolument 
from the ſtage, unleſs he were alſo a proprietor, The ſpeaker ſeems 


to wiſh for excellence that was never yet attained, (to be able to act 


every part that was ever written,) that he might gain an emolument 
ſuperior to any then acquired by the moſt popular and ſucceſsful 


actor: 


& J would I were a player, and could act 
As many partes as came upon a ſtage, 
& And in my braine could make a full compact 

« Of all that paſſeth betwixt youth and age; 
6 That I might have five ſhares in every play, 
& And let them laugh that bear the bell away.” 

The actors were treated with leis reſpect than at preſent, being 
ſometimes interrupted during their performance, on account of ſup- 
poled perſonalities; for the ſame author adds 

C And yet I would not; for then do I feare, 
« If I ſhould gall ſome gooſe-cap with my ſpeech, 
66 That he would freat, and fume, and chafe, and ſwear, 
«© As if ſome flea had bit him by the breech; 
& And in ſome paſſion or ſtrange agonie 
« Niſturb both mee and all the companie.” 

On ſome occaſions application was made by individuals to the Maſ., 
ter of the Revels, to reſtrain this licentiouſneſs of the ſtage z as ap- 
pears from the following note: | 
„ Octob. 1633. Exception was taken by Mr. Sewſter to the ſecond 
part of The Citty Shuffler, which gave mee occaſion to ſtay the play, 
till the company [ot Saliſbury Court] had given him ſatisfaction; 
which was done the next day, and under his hande he did certifye mee 
that he was ſatisfyed.”* Mf. Herbert. 

7 In an indenture tripartite, dated December 31, 1666, (which L 
have ſeen) between Thomas Killigrew and Henry Killigrew, his ſon 
and heir, of the firſt part, Thomas Porter, Eſq. of the ſecond part, 
and Sir John Sayer and Dame Catharine Sayer, his wife, of the third 
part, it is recited, (inter alia,) that the profits ariſing by acting of plays, 


maſques, &c. then performed by the company of actors called the king 
eement amongſt themſelves and 
| Thomas 


L 3 


— 


— — —ͤ—ẽv—— — — 4 — — 


259 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


ſhares and three quarters; and if we may truſt to the 
ſtatement in another very curious paper, inſerted below, 
(which however was probably exaggerated,) each ſhare 
produced, at the loweſt calculation, about 250l. 5 per 
ann. zet; and the total clear profits conſequently were 
about 31871. 10s. od. 

"Theſe ſhares were then diſtributed among the proprie- 
tors of the theatre, who at that time were not actors, the 
performers, and the dramatick poets, who were retain- 
ed in the ſervice of the theatre, and received a part of 
the annual produce as a compenſation for the pieces 
which they produced, 


In 
Thomas Killigrew, divided into twelve ſhares and three quarters, and 
that Thomas Killigrew was to have two ful! ſhares and three quarters. 
And by agreement between Henry and Thomas, Henry was to have 
four pounds per week, out of the two ſhares of Thomas, except ſuch 
weeks when the players did not act. ; | 

In 1682, when the two companies united, the profits of acting, we 
are told by Calley Cibber, were divided into reventy ſhares, ten of 
which went to the proprietors or patentees, and the other moiety to 
the actors, in different diviſions proportioned to their merit. 

s Wright ſays in his Hiſforia Hiftrionica that he had been aſſured by 
an old actor, that © for ſeveral years next after the Reſtoration every 
whole ſharer in Mr. Hart's company, | that is, the King's ſervants, } 


- got 1000l. fer ann. But his informer was undoubtedly miſtaken, as 


is proved by the petition or memorial printed below, (ſeen. 9.) and 
by Sir Henry Herbert's ſtatement of Thomas Killigrew's profits. If 
every whole ſharer had got 1000l. per ann. then the annual receipts 
muſt have been near 13000l. In 1743, after Mr. Garrick had ap- 


| peared, the theatre of Drury-lane did not receive more than 1 5000l. 


er ann. | 

'9 Gildon in his Laws of Poetry, vo. 1721, obſerves, that “after 
the Reſtoration, when the two houſes ſtruggled for the favour of the 
town, the taking poets were ſecured to either kouſe by a ſort of re- 
taining fee, which ſeldom or never amounted to more than forty 
ſhillings a week, nor was that of any long continuance.” He appears 
to have under-rated their profits; but the fact to which he alludes is 
inconteſtably proved by the following paper, which remained long in 
the hands of the Killigrew family, and is now in the poſſeſſion of Mr. 
Reed of Staple-Inn, by whom iz was obligingly communicated to me 
ſome years ago. The ſuperſcription is loſt, but it was probably ad- 


dreſſed to the Lord Chamberlain, or the King, about the year 1678 : 


« Whereas upon Mr. Dryden's binding himſelf to write three playes 
a yeere, hee the ſaid Mr, Dryden was admitted and continued as a 


ſharer in the king's playhouſe for diverſe years, and received for his 
| ſhare and à quarter three or four hundred pounds, communibus annis; 


but 


1 — ape rg * 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 157 


In a paper delivered by Sir Henry Herbert to Lord 
Clarendon and the Lord Chamberlain, July 11, 1662, 
which will be found in a ſubſequent page, he ſtates the 


but though he received the moneys, we received not the playes, not 
one in a yeare. After which, the houſe being burnt, the company in 
building another contracted great debts, ſo that ſhares fell much ſhort 
of what they were formerly, Thereupon Mr. Dryden complaining to 
the company of his want of proffit, the company was ſo kind to him 
that they not only did not preſſe him for the playes which he ſo engaged 
to write for them, and for which he was paid beforehand, but they 
did alſo at his earneſt requeſt give him a third day for his laſt new play 
called A for Leue; and at the receipt of the money of the ſaid third 
day, he acknowledged it as a guift, and a particular kindnefle of the 
company. Yet notwithſtanding this kind proceeding, Mr. Dryden 
has now, jointly with Mr. Lee, (who was in penſion with us to the laſt 
day of our playing, and ſhall continue,) written a play called Oedipus, 
and given it to the Duke's company, contrary to his ſaid agreement, 
his promiſe, and all gratitude, to the great prejudice and almoſt un- 
doing of the company, they being the only poets remaining to us. Mr, 
Crowne, being under the like agreement with the duke's houſe, writt 
a play called The Deftruftion of Feruſalem, and being forced by their 
refuiall of it, to bring it to us, the ſaid company compelled us, after 
the ſtudying of it, and a vaſt expence in ſcenes and cloathes, to buy 
oft their clayme, by paying all the penſion he had rcceived from them, 
amounting to one hundred and twelye pounds paid by the king's com- 
pany, beſides neere forty pounds he the ſaid Mr. Crowne paid out of 
his owne pocket, 
« Theſe things conſidered, if, notwithſtanding Mr. Dryden's faid 

agreement, promiſe, and moneys freely given him for his ſaid laſt new 
play, and the many titles we haye to his writings, this play be judged 
away from us, we muſt ſubmit, | 

Charles Killigrew, . 

(Signed) | Charles Hart, 

Rich. Burt. 

Cardell Goodman, 

Mic. Mohun,” 


It has been thought very extraordinary that Dryden ſhould enter in- 
to a contract to produce three new plays every year; and undoubtedly 
that any poet ſhould formally ſtipulate that his genius ſhould be thus 
productive, is extraordinary. But the exertion itſelf was in the laſt 
age not uncommon. In ten years, from the death of Beaumont in 
1615 to the year 1625, I have good reaſon to believe that Fletcher 
produced near thirty plays. Maſſinger between 1623 and 1638 brought 
out nearly the ſame number; and Shirley in fifreen years furniſhed 
various theatres with forty plays. Thomas Heywood was ſtill more 

prolifick, | | EE 
Tio" L4 emolument 


1322 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


emolument which Mr. Thomas Killigrew then derived 
(from his two ſhares and three quarters,) at Z19. 6. o. 
per week; according to which ſtatement each ſhare in 
the king's company produced but two hundred and ten 
pounds ten ſhillings a year. In Sir William D' Avenant's 
company, from the time their new theatre was opened in 
Portugal-row near Lincoln's Inn fields, (April 1662,) the 
total receipt (after deducting the nightly charges of 
«© men hirelings and other cuſtomary expences, ) was 


divided into fifteen ſhares, of which it was agreed by 


articles previouſly entered into“, that ten ſhould belong 
to D* Avenant; viz. two towards the houſe-rent, build- 
ings, ſcaffolding, and making of frames for ſcenes ; 
one for a proviſion of habits, properties, and ſcenes, for 
a ſupplement of the ſaid theatre; and ſeven to maintain 
all the women that are to perform or repreſent women's 
parts, in tragedies, comedies, &c. and in conſideration 
of erecting and eſtabliſhing his actors to be a company, 
and his pains' and expences for that purpoſe for many 
years.” The other . ſhares were divided in various 
proportions among the reſt of the troop. 

In the paper above referred to it is ſtated by Sir Henry 
Herbert, that D*Avenant drew from theſe ten ſhares 
two hundred pounds a week ;*? and if that ſtatement was 
correct, each ſhare in his playhouſe then produced annu- 
ally ſix hundred pounds, ſuppoſing the acting ſeaſon to 
have then laſted for thirty weeks. | 

Such were the emoluments of the theatre ſoon after the 
Reſtoration ; which I have ſtated here, from authentick 
documents, becauſe they may aſſiſt us in our conjectures 
concerning the profits derived from ſtage- exhibitions at 
a more remote and darker period. | 

From the prices of admiſſion into our ancient theatres 
in the time of Shakipeare, which have been already 
noticed, I formerly conjectured that about twenty pounds 
was a conſiderable receipt at the Blackfriars and Globe 
theatre, on any one day; and my conjecture is now con- 
firmed by indiſputable evidence. In dir Henry Her- 


1 Theſe articles will be found in a ſubſequent page. +, 
| bert's 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 153 


bert's Office- book I find the following curious notices on 


This ſubject, under the year 1628: 


„The kinges company with a generall conſent and 
alacritye have given mee the benefitt of too dayes in the 
yeare, the one in ſummer, thother in winter, to bee 
taken out of the ſecond daye of a revived playe, att my 
owne choyſe. The houſekeepers have ike given 
their ſhares, their dayly charge only deducted, which 
comes to ſome 21. 58. this 25 May, 1628. 

The benefitt of the firſt day, being a very unſea- 
ſonable one in reſpect of the weather, comes but unto 
„ | 2 2 
* A ns ſubſiſted for five years and a half, 
during which time Sir Henry Herbert had ten benefits, 
the moſt profitable of which produced ſeventeen pounds, 
and ten fillings, net, on the 22d of Nov. 1628, when 
Fletcher's Cu/tom of the Country was performed at Black- 
friars ; and the leaſt emolument which he received was 
on the repreſentation of a play which is not named, at 
the Globe, in the ſummer of the year 1632, which pro- 
duced only the ſum of one pound, and five ſhillings, 
after deducting from the total receipt in each inſtance 
the nightly charge above mentioned. I ſhall give below 
the receipt taken by him on each of the ten perfor- 
mances ; from which it appears that his clear profit at 
an average, on each of his nights, was C. 8. 19. 4. 
and the total nightly receipt was at an average 


C. 11. 4» 4» 


2 1628. May 25, [the play not named, ]—F. 16. 0. 

60 es Ln? of the winters I * 8 ſecond day 
of an old play called The Cuflome of the Cuntrye, came to 
L. 17. 10. o. this 22 of Nov, 1628. From the Kinges 

company att the Blackfryers, | 
1629. © The benefitt of the ſummers day from the kinges company 
being brought mee by Blagrave, upon the play of The Propbereſs, 
comes to, this 21 of July, 1629,.— FC. 6. 7. o. 
The benefite of the winters day from the kinges company 
being brought mee by Blagrave, upon the play of he Moore of 


— comes, this 22 of Nov. 1629, unto—£.9. 16, ©... 
2630. [No play this ſummer, on account of the plague. 

« Received of Mr. Taylor and Lowins, in the name of their 

company, for the benefitt of my winter day, upon the ſecond 

Vor. I, PART ll, | *L 


5 day 


<a. 
N 


P 
1 


— ods , . IERLISY 
1 


— — — — ——— . — as — 


CS — . 


154 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT . 


On the zoth of October, 1633, the managers of tie 
king's company agreed to pay him the fixed ſum of ten 
5 2-6 pounds 


7 of Ben Jonſon's play of Every man in bis humour, this 18 
of February, 1630, [1630-31]—F£. 12. 4. 0. 
x631, © Received of Mr. Shanke, in the name of the kings company, 
for the benefitt of their ſummer day, upon ye ſecond daye of 
Richard ye Seconde, at the Globe, this 12 of June, 1631, 
„ Os 6. : 
3 of Mr. Blagrave, in the name of the kings company, 
for the benefitt of my winter day, taken upon The Alcbemiſte, 
this 1 of Decemb. 1631,—L. 13. o. o. | 


2632, © Received for the ſummer day of the kings company ye 6 


Novemb. 1632,—L£. 1. 5. o. 

«« Received for the winter day upon The Vild gooſe chaſe, * 

ſame day,. C. 15. o. o. | 
1633. © R. of ye kings company, for my ſummers day, by Blagrave, 

the 6 of June 1633, y<©iomme of C. 4. 10. o. 

I likewiſe find the following entry in this book: 

4 Received of Mr. Benfielde, in the name of the kings company, 
for a gratuity for ther liberty gaind unto them of playinge, upon the 
ceſſation of the plague, this 10 of June, 1631,—L£. 3. 10. 0.” —© This 
(Sir Henry Herbert adds) was taken upon Pericles at the Globe.“ 

In a copy of a play called A Game at Cheſs, 1624, which was for- 
merly in poſſeſſion of Thomas Pearſon, Eſq. is the following memo- 
randum in an old hand: „“ After nine days, wherein I have heard 


ſome of the actors ſay they took fifteen hundred pounds, the Spanith 


faction, being prevalent, got it ſuppreſſed, and the author Mr. Thomas 
Middleton committed to priſon.” According to this ſtatement, they 
received above 1661. 128. on each performance. The foregoing extracts 
ſhew, that there is not even a ſemblance of truth in this tory. In the 
year 168 5, when the London theatres were much enlarged, and the 
prices of admiſſion greatly increaſed, Shadwell received by his third 


day on the repreſentation of The Squire of Alſatia,. only 130l. which 


Downes the prompter fays was the greateſt receipt had been ever taken 
at Drury-lane playhouſe at fingle prices. Roſcius Anglicanus, p. 41. 
The uſe of Arabick figures has often occaſioned very groſs errors 
to paſs current in the world. I fuppoſe the utmoſt receipt from the 
performance of Middleton's play for nine days, (if it was performed fo 
often,) could not amount to more than one hundred and fifty pounds. 
To the ſum of 1501. which perhaps this old actor had ſeen as the profit 
made by this play, his fancy or his negligence added a cipher, and | 
thus made fifteen hundred pounds. 
The play of Holland's Leaguer was aQted fix days ſucceſſively at 
Saliſbury Court, in December 1631, and yet Sir Henry Herbert received 
on account of the fix repreſentations but one pound nineteen ſhillings, in 


virtue of the ninth ſhare which he poſſeſſed as one of the 8 
that 


oy : 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. rg; 


Pounds every Chriſtmas, and the ſame ſum at Mid- 
ſummer, in lieu of his two benefits, which ſums they 
regularly pay'd him from that time till the breaking 
out of the civil wars. 

From the receipts on theſe benefits I am led to believe 
that the prices were lower at the Globe theatre, and that 
therefore, though it was much larger than the winter 
theatre at Blackfriars, 1t did not produce a greater ſum 
of money on any repreſentation. If we ſuppoſe twenty 
pounds, clear of the nightly charges already mentioned, 
to have been a very conſiderable receipt at either of theſe 
houſes, and that this ſum was in our poet's time divided 
into forty ſhares, of which fifteen were appropriated to 
the houſekeepers or proprietors, three to the purchaſe of 
copies of new plays, ſtage-habits, &c. and twenty-two 


to the actors, then the performer who had two ſhares, 


on the repreſentation of each play, received, when the 
theatre was thus ſucceſsſul, twenty ſhillings. But ſup- 
poſing the average nightly receipt (after deducting &o 
nightly expences) to be about nine pounds, which we 

have Bod to be the caſe, then his nightly dividend 
would be but nine ſhillings, and his weekly profit, 
if they played five times a week, two pounds five 
ſhillings. The acting ſeaſon, I believe, at that time 
laſted forty weeks. In each of the companies then 
ſubſiſting there were about twenty perſons, ſix of whom 
probably were principal, and the others ſubordinate ; ſo 
that we may ſuppoſe zo ſhares to have been the reward of 
a principal actor; fix of the ſecond claſs perhaps enjoyed 
a whole ſhare each; and each of the remaining eight 
half a ſhare. On all theſe data, I think it may be ſafely 
concluded, that the performers of the firſt claſs did not 
derive from their profeſſion more than ninety pounds 
a year at the utmoſt3, Shakſpeare, Heminge, Condell, 

| Burbadge, 


that houſe. Suppoſing there were twenty-one ſhares divided among 
the actors, the piece, though performed with ſuch extraordinary ſuc- 
ceſs, did not produce more than ſix pounds ten ſhillings each night, 
excluſive of the occafional nightly charges already mentioned. 
5 „ The verye hyerlings of ſome of our plaiers,” [i. e. men oc- 
caſionally hired by the night] ſays Stephen Goſſon in the year 1 $79, 
4 | | | 8 66 M hi 


— E- , Al — ——— —ñ—jä— 4 ——— 


16 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


Burbadge, Lowin, ard Taylor, had without doubt other 
ſhares as proprietors or leaſeholders; but what the dif- 
ferent proportions were which each of them poſſeſſed in 
that right, it is now impoſſible to aſcertain. According 
to the ſuppoſition already ſtated, that fifteen ſhares out of 
forty were appropriated to the proprietors, then was there 
on this accounta ſum of fix hundred and ſeventy-fivepounds 
annually to be divided among them. Our poet, as author, 
actor, and proprietor, probably received from the theatre 
about two hundred pounds a year,—Having after a 
very long ſearch lately diſcovered the will of Mr. 
Heminge, I hoped to have derived from it ſome infor- 
mation on this ſubject; but I was diſappointed. He 
indeed more than once mentions his ſeveral parts or 
ſhares held by leaſe in the Globe and Blackfriars play- 
Houses“; but uſes no expreſſion by which the value of 
each of thoſe ſhares can be aſcertained. His books of 
account, which he appears to have regularly kept, and 
which, he ſays, will ſhew that his ſhares yielded him 
*« a geod yearly profit,” will probably, if they ſhall ever 
be found, throw much light on our early ſtage hiſtory, 
Thus ſcanty and meagre were the apparatus and ac. 
commodations of our ancient theatres, on which thoſe 
dramas were firſt exhibited, that have ſince engaged the 
attention of ſo many learned men, and delighted ſo 
many thouſand ſpectators. Yet even then, we are told 


by a writer of that ages, ** dramatick poeſy was ſo 
| : lively 
c which ſtand at reverſion of vis. by the weeke, jet under gentle. 
mens noſes in ſutes of ſilke. Schoole of Abuſe, p. 22 
Hart, the celebrated rragedian, after the Reſtoration had but three 
pounds a week as an cor, that is, about ninety pounds a year; for the 
acting ſeaſon did not, I believe, at that time exceed thirty weeks; but 
he had beſides, as a proprietor, fix ſhillings and three-pence every day 
on which there was any performance at the king's theatre, which pro- 
duced about C. 56. 5. O. more. Betterton even at the beginning of 
the preſent century had not more than five pounds a week. | 
4 See his Will in a ſubſequent page. 
5 Sir George Buc. 'This writer, as I have already obſerved, wrote an 
Expreſs treatiſe coneerning the Engliſh ſtage, which was never print- 
ed, and, I fear, is now irrecoverably Joſt. As he was a friend of Sir 


Robert Cotton, I hoped to have found the Manuſcript in the Cot- 
Ds Os tonĩ an 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 157 


lively expreſſed and repreſented on the publick ſages 
and theatres of this city, as Rome in the ange of her 
pomp and glory, never ſaw it better performed; in re- 
ſpect of the action and art, not of the coſt and ſumptu- 


ouſneſs.?? 
Of the actors on whom this high encomium is pro- 


nounced, the original performers in our author's plays 
were undoubtedly the moſt eminent. The following is 
the only information that I have obtained concerning 


them. 


tonĩan library, but was diſappointed, © Of this art,” [the dramatick] 
ſays Sir George, “have written largely Petrus Viforius, &c. as it were 
in vaine for me to ſay any thing of the art, beſides that I have written 
thereof a particular treatiſe.” Thbe third Univerſity of England, printed 
originally in 1615, and re-printed at the end of Howes edition of 
Stowe's Annals, folio, 1631, p. 1082, It is fingular that a fimilar 
work on the Roman ſtage, written by Suetonius, ( De Spectaculis et 
Certaminibus Romanorum, ) has alſo periſhed. Some little account of 
their ſcenery, and of the ſeparation of the mimes and pantomimes 
from comedies, in which they were originally introduced, are the 
only particulars of this treatiſe that have been preſerved ; for which 
we are indebted to Servius, and Diomedes the grammarian. The latter 
fragment is curious, as it exhibits an early proof of that competition 
and jealouſy, which, from the firſt riſe of the ſtage to the preſent time, 
has diſturbed the peace of theatres : 

« Lating vero comœdiæ chorum non habent, ſed duobus tantum 
Membris conſtant, diverbio, et cantico. Primis autem temporibus, 
ut aſſerit Tranquillus, omnia quæ in ſcena verſantur, in comedia 
agebantur, Nam Pantomimus et Pithaules et Choraules in comœdia 
canebant. Sed quia non poterant omnia ſimul apud omnes artifices 
pariter excellere, fi qui erant inter actores comediarum pro facultate 
et arte potiqres, principatum fibi artificil vindicabant. Sic factum eſt, 
ut nolentibus cedere Mimis in artificio ſuo ceteris, ſeperatio fieret re- 
liquorum. Nam dum potiores inferioribus, qui in omni ergaſterio 
erant, ſervire dedignabantur, ſeipſos a comcadia ſeparaverunt: ac fic 
factum eſt, ut, exemplo ſemel ſumpto, unuſquiſque artis ſuz rem ex- 
equi czperit, neque in comædiam venire,' 

Grammatice lingue Auctores Antiqui, Putſchii, p. 489. 
HFHanov. 1605. 

I have ſaid in a former page (47) that I believed Sir George Buc 
died ſoon after the year 1622, and 1 have fince found my conjecture 
confirmed, He died, as I learn from one of Sir Henry Herbert's pa- 


pers, on the 2oth of September, 162 3. 


— Names 


e r Oe FE SOA 


x38 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


Names or THE ORICOINAL ACTORS IN THE 
Plays OF SHAKSPEARE. 


From the folio, 1623. 
WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE. 


Having now once more occaſion to mention our 
poet, I ſhall take this opportunity to correct an error 
into which I ſuſpect I have fallen, in a note on the 
Account of his Life; and to add ſuch notices as I have 
obtained relative either to him or his friends, ſince that 
Account was printed off; to which the preſent article is 
intended as a ſupplement. | 

The words in our poet's will, Provided that if ſuch 
huſband as ſhe ſhall at the end of the ſaid three years 
be married unto, &c. ſeemed to me to afford a pre- 
ſamptive proof that Shakſpeare, when he made his will, 
did not know of the marriage of his daughter Judith, 
(the perſon there ſpoken of,) which had been celebrated 
about a month before: a circumſtance, however, which, 
even when | ſtated it, appeared to me very extraordi- 
nary, and highly improbable. On further conſideration 
] am convinced that I was miſtaken, and that the words 
above-cited were intended to comprehend her then 
huſband, and any other to whom within three years ihe 
might be married. The word diſcharge in the bequeſt 
to Judith, which had eſcaped my notice, — One hun- 
dred pounds in diſcharge of her marriage portion,” — 
ſhews that he muſt have been apprized of this marriage, 
and that he had previouſly covenanted to give her that 
ſum. — | 

In the tranſcript of the inſtrument by which a coat of 
arms was granted in 1599 to John Shakſpeare, our 
poet's father ©, the original has been followed with a 


5 Vol, I. Part ; Þ, 182. x 
-” ſcrupulous 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE, 159 


ſcrupulous fidelity; but on peruſing the rough draughts 
of the former grant of arms in 1596, I am ſatisfied that 
there is an error in the later grant, in which the, fol- 
lowing unintelligible paragraph 1s found : 

* Wherefore being ſolieited, and by credible report 
informed, that John Shakſpeare, now of Stratford-upon- 


Avon in the counte of Warwick, gent. whoſe pa- 
great grandfather | 
late 


rent , and , anteceſſor for his faithefull and approved 
ſervice to the late moſt prudent prince, king Henry VII. 
of famous memorie, was advaunced with lands and tene- 
ments, geven to him in thoſe parts of Warwickſhere, 
where they have continewed by ſome deſcents in good 

reputation and credit, &c. | 
On reviewing this inſtrument, it appeared not very 
eaſy to aſcertain who the perſon here alluded to was, if 
only one was meant; nor is it at all probable that the 
great grandfather of John Shakſpeare ſhould have been 
his late or immediate predeceſſor; to ſay nothing of the 
word parent, which, unleſs it means relation in general, is 
as unintelligible as the reſt. On examining the two rough 
_ draughts of the grant of arms to John Shakſpeare in 
1596, I found that in one of theſe, (apparently the more 
perfect of the two,) the correſponding words run thus: 
«© — whoſe parents and late anteceſſors were for their valour 
and faithful ſervices to the late moſt prudent prince king 
Henry VII.“ &c. In the other thus: — whoſe pa- 
rents [and] late anteceſſors for their faithful and valiant 
ſervice,” Kc. The word their is in this paper oblite- 
rated, and His written over it; and over antecefſors the 
word grandfather is written. The draughtſman however 
forgot to draw a line through the word for which grand. 
Father was to be ſubſtituted. He evidently was in doubt 
which of the two expreflions he ſhould retain ; but we 
may preſume he meant to reje& the words — avho/e 
parents and late anteceſſors, and to ſubſtitute inſtead of 
them, — whoſe grandfather for his, &c. i 
In the grant of 1599, we have ſeen, the words origi- 
nally ſtood, ** —whoſe parent and anteceſſor was,” and 
the words great grandfather and late are MT 
e 


250 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


The writer forgot to eraſe the original words, but un- 
doubtedly he did not mean that both thoſe and the ſub- 
ſtituted words ſhould be retained, but that the paragraph 
mould ſtand thus: — whoſe great grandfather ior his 
faithful and approved ſervice, &c. and, inſtead of 
* great grandfather,” the earlier in{trument induces me 


to think that he ought to have written, - whoſe Jaze 


grandfather.“ | 
A minute examination of theſe inſtruments led me to 


inquire what grounds the heralds had for their aſſertion 
that our poet's anceſtor had been rewarded by a grant of 
lands from king Henry the Seventh. But it ſhould ſeem 
that they were ſatisfied with very flight evidence of this 
fact; for after a very careful examination in the chapel 
of the Rolls?, from the beginning to the endof that reign, 
it appears, that no ſuch grant was made. If any ſuch 
had been made by that king, out of the forfeited eſtates 
of the adherents of king Richard the Third, or other- 
wiſe, 1t muſt have paſſed the great ſeal, and would have 
been on record. As therefore it is not found on the 
rolls, we may be aſſured that no ſuch grant was made, 
However, from the words of the early inſtruments in the 
Heralds-office, which have been already quoted, — for 
his faithful and valiant ſervice,” &c. it is highly pro- 
bable, that our poet's great grandfather diſtinguiſhed 
himſelf in Boſworth field on the fide of king Henry, and 
that he was rewarded for his military ſervices by the 
bounty of that parſimonious prince, though not with a 


grant of lands. 


Mr. Rowe in his account of our poet's father has ſaid 
that he had ten children. From the Regiſter of the 
pariſh of Stratford-upon-Avon it appears, that ten chil- 
dren of John Shakſpeare were baptized there between 


7 T cannot omit this opportunity of acknowledging the politeneſs 
of Mr. Kipling of the Rolls- office, who permitted every examination 


which I deſired, to be made in the venerable repofitory under his 


care; and, with a liberality ſeldom found in publick offices, would not 
accept of the accuſtomed fee, for any ſearch which tended to throw 


a light on the hiſtory of our great dramatick poet. | 


4 


the 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 161 


the year 1558, when the regiſter commenced, and the 
year 1591. If therefore they were all the children of 
our poet's father, Mr. Rowe's account is inaccurate 
for our poet had a fiſter named Margaret, born before 
the commencement of the Regiſter, It 15, however, ex- 
tremely improbable, that in ſo numerous a family not 
one of the ſons ſhould have been baptized by the chriſtian 
name of old Mr. Shakipeare. I now therefore believe 
(though I was formerly of a different opinion) that our 
poet's eldeſt brother bore his father's chriſtian name, 
John; and that, like their eldeſt ſiſter, Margaret, he 
was born before the regiſter commenced, If this was 
the caſe, then without doubt the three children who 
were born between March 1588 and September 1591, 
Urſula, Humphrey, and Philip, were the iſſue of this 
younger John, by his ſecond wife, whoſe chriſtian name 
was Mary; and the real number of the children of our 
poet's father was nine. This Mary Shakſpeare died in 
1608, and is deſcribed as a widow, If therefore ſhe 
was the wife of John Shakſpeare the younger, then muſt 
he have died before that year. 2992 

About twenty years ago, one Moſely, a maſter-brick- 
layer, who uſually worked with his men, being em- 
ployed by Mr. Thomas Hart, the fifth deſcendant in a 
direct line from our poet's ſiſter, Joan Hart, to new-tile 
the old houſe at Stratford in which Mr. Hart lives, and 
in which our poet was born, found a very extraordinary 
manuſcript between the rafters and the tiling of the 
houſe. It is a ſmall paper-book conſiſting of five leaves 
ſtitched together. It had originally conſiſted of fix 
leaves, but unluckily the firſt was wanting when the 
book was found. I have taken ſome pains to aſcertain 
the authenticity of this manuſcript, and after a very 
careful inquiry am perfectly ſatisfied that it is genuine. 

The writer, John Shakſpeare, calls it his Vill; but 
it 1s rather a declaration of his faith and pious reſolu- 


tions. Whether it contains the religious ſentiments of 


our poet's father or elder brother, I am unable to de- 
termine. The handwriting is undoubtedly not ſo an- 
cient as that zſually written about the year 1600; but 
| . | | 


Vor. I. PART II. * MI I have 


—— — 7m — 


x 
= ” 4 = A. 1 4 2 — _ — 
a Ag IP ²³Ü¹ A ⅛˙ VA ] A 


n 
„ „ 


16 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


I have now before me a manuſcript written by Alleyn 
the player at various times between 1599 and 1614, 
and another by Forde, the dramatick poet, in 1606, in 
nearly the ſame handwriting as that of the manuſcript 
in queſtion. The Rev. Mr. Davenport, Vicar of Strat- 
ford-upon- Avon, at my requeſt endeavoured to find out 
Mr. Moſely, to examine more particularly concerning 


this manuſcript ; but he died about two years ago. His 


daughter, however, who is now living, and Mr. Hart, 
who is alſo living and now ſixty years old, perfectly well 
remember the finding of this paper. Moſely ſome time 
after. he had found it, gave it to Mr. Peyton, an alder- 
man of Stratford, who obligingly tranſmitted it to me 
through the hands of Mr. Davenport. It 1s proper to 
obſerve that the finder of this relique bore the character 
of a very honeſt, ſober, induſtrious man, and that he 
neither aſked nor received any price for it; and I may 
alſo. add that its contents are ſuch as no one could have 
thought of inventing with a view to literary impoſition. 

If the injunction contained in the latter part of it (that 
it ſhould be buried with the writer) was obſerved, then 
mult the paper which has thus fortuitouſly been recover- 


ed, have been a copy, made from the original, previous 


to the burial of John Shakſpeare. 

'This extraordinary will conſiſted originally of four- 
teen articles, but the firſt leaf being unluckily wanting, 
1 am unable to aſcertain either its date or the particular 
occaſion on which it was written; both of which proba- 
bly the firſt article would have furniſhed us with, If it 
was written by our poet's father, John Shakſpeare, then 
it was probably drawn up about the year 1600; if by 
his brother, jt perhaps was dated ſome time between 
that year and 1608, when the younger John ſhould ſeem 
to have been dead. | 


. 
cc # 4 at leaſt ſpiritually, in will adoring and 
moſt humbly beſeeching my ſaviour, that he will be 
pleaſed to aſſiſt me in ſo dangerous a voyage, to defend 
me from the ſnares and deceites of my 1afernall ene- 
= | mies, 


7 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 183 
mies, and to conduct me to the ſecure haven of his eter- 
nall bliſſe. _ | | 


cc Item, I John Shakſpear doe proteſt that I will alſo 
paſſe out of this life, armed with the laſt ſacrament of 
extreme unction: the which if through any let or hin- 
drance I ſhould not then be able to have, I doe now 
alſo for that time demand and crave the ſame ; beſeech- 
ing his divine majeſty that he will be pleaſed to anoynt 
my ſenſes both internall and externall with the ſacred 
oyle of his infinite mercy, and to pardon me all my fins 
committed by ſeeing, ſpeaking, feeling, ſmelling, 
hearing, touching, or by wy other way whatſoever, 


« Item, I John Shakſpear doe by this preſent proteſt 


that I will never through any temptation whatſoever 


x 


deſpaire of the divine goodneſs, for the multicude and 
greatneſs of my ſinnes; for which although I confeſle 
that I have deſerved hell, yet will I ſtedfaſtly hope in 
gods infinite mercy, knowing that he hath heretofore 
pardoned many as great ſinners as my ſelf, whereof I 
have good warrant ſealed with his facred mouth, in 
holy writ, whereby he pronounceth that he 1s not come 
to call the juſt, but — : 

<< Item, I John Shakſpear do proteſt that I do not 
know that I have ever done any good worke meritorious 
of life everlaſting :| and if I have done any, I do ac- 
knowledge that I have done it with a great deale of neg 
ligence and imperfection; neither ſhould 1 have been 
able to have done the leaſt without the aſſiſtance of his 
divine grace. Wherefore let the devill remain confound- 
ed; for I doe in no wiſe preſume to merit heaven by 
ſuch good workes alone, but through the merits and 
bloud of my lord and ſaviour, jeſus, thed upon the croſe 
for me moſt miſerable — 

| VII. | 
Item, I John Shakſpear do proteſt by this preſent 


writing, that Iwill patiently endure and ſuffer all kind 


of inſirmity, ſickneſs, yea and the paine of death it ſelf: 
M 2 wherein 


16 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


wherein if it ſhould happen, which god forbid, that 
through violence of paine and agony, or by ſubtility of 
the devill, I ſhould fall into any impatience or tempta- 
tion of blaſphemy, or murmuration againſt god, or the 
catholike faith, or give any ſigne of bad example, I 
do henceforth, and for that preſent, repent me, and am 
moſt heartily ſorry for the ſame: and I do renounce all 
the evill whatſoever, which I might have then done or 
ſaidz beſeeching his divine clemency that he will not 
8 me in that grievous and paignefull agony. 


tem, I John Shakſpear, by virtue of this preſent teſ- 
tament, I do pardon all the injuries and offences that 
any one hath ever done unto me, either in my reputation, 
life, goods, or any other way whatſoever; beſeeching 
ſweet jeſus to pardon them for the ſame: and I do defire, 
that they will doe the like by me, whome | have offen- 
ded or injured in any fort 1 
Item, IJ ohn Shakſpear do heere proteſt that I do ren- 
der infinite thanks to his divine majeſty for all the bene- 
fits that I have received as well ſecret as manifeſt, & in 
particular, for the benefit of my Creation, Redemption, 
Sanctification, Conſervation, and Vocation to the holy 
knowledge of him & his true Catholike faith : but above 
all, for his ſo great expectation of me to pennance, 
when he might moſt juſtly have taken me out of this life, 
when I leaſt thought of it, yea even then, when I was 
plunged in the durty puddle of my ſinnes. Bleſſed be 
therefore and praiſed, for ever and ever, his infinite 
Patience and charity. TE 


X. | | 
Atem, I John Shakſpear do proteſt, that I am willing, 
yea, I doe infinitely Ferre and humbly crave, that of 
this my laſt will and teſtament the glorious and ever 
Virgin mary, mother of god, refuge and advocate of 
finners, (whom I honour ſpecially above all other ſaints,) 
may be the chiefe Executreſſe, togeather with theſe 
other ſaints, my patrons, (faint Winefride) all whome 

| I invocke 


2 
by 
1. 
+: 
2 
7 
* 
. 
0 
Hp 
* 
Ka 
"vi 
vg 
2 
5 
v3 
. 
2 
{7 
bY 
32: 
E 
= 
9 
: 2 
2 
4 * 
* 
C. 
<Y 
I 
2 
1 
q 
= 
y- 2 
1 
4 
8 
1 
1 
1 
8 
ne. 
£ 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 165 


I invocke and beſeech to be preſent at the hour of my 
death, that ſhe and they may comfort me with their 
deſired preſence, and crave of ſweet Jeſus that he will 
receive my ſoul into peace. : 

„ : 

«« Item, In virtue of this preſent writing, IJohn Shak- 
ſpear do likewiſe moſt willingly and with all humility 
conſtitute and ordaine my good Angel, for Defender 
and Protectour of my ſoul in the dreadfull day of Judge- 
ment, when the finall ſentance of eternall life or death 
ſhall be diſcuſſed and given; beſeeching him, that, as 
my ſoule was appointed to his cuſtody and protection 
when I lived, even ſo he will vouchſafe to defend the 
ſame at that houre, and conduct it to eternall bliſs, 

« [tem, I John Shakſpear do in like manner pray and 
beſeech all my dear friends, parents, and kinsfolks, by 
the bowels of our Saviour jeſus Chriſt, that ſince it is 
uncertain what lot will befall me, for fear notwith- 
ftanding leaſt by reaſon of my finnes I be to paſs and 
ſtay a long while in purgatory, they will vouchſafe ta 


aſſiſt and ſuccour me with their holy prayers and ſatiſ- 


factory workes, eſpecially with the holy ſacrifice of the 
maſſe, as being the moſt effectuall meanes to deliver 
ſoules from their torments and paines ; from the which, 
if I ſhall by gods gracious goodneſſe and by their vertu- 
ous workes be delivered, I do promiſe that I will not be 
ungratefull unto them, for ſo great a benefitt. 

XIII. 


Item, I John Shakſpear doe by this my laſt will and 
teſtament bequeath my ſoul, as ſoon as it ſhall be dehver- 


- ed and looſened from the priſon of this my body, to be 


entombed in the ſweet and amorous coffin'of the fide of 
jeſus Chriſt ; and that in this life-giveing ſepulcher it 
may reſt and live, perpetually incloſed in that eternall 
habitation of repoſe, there to bleſſe for ever and ever 


that direfull iron of the launce, which, like a charge in 


a cenſore, formes ſo ſweet and pleaſant a monument 


within the ſacred breaſt of my lord and ſaviour. 


166 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT. 


. „ | 
c Item, laſtly IJohn Shakſpear doe proteſt, that FE will 
willingly accept of death in what manner ſoever it may 
befall me, conforming my will unto the will of god; ac- 
cepting of the ſame in ſatisfaction for my ſinnes, and 
iveing thanks unto his divine majeſty for the life he 
ath beſtowed upon me. And if it pleaſe him to pro- 
long or ſhorten the ſame, bleſſed be he alſo a thouſand 
thouſand times; into whoſe moſt holy hands I commend 
my ſoul and body, my life and death: and I beſeech 
him above all things, that he never permit any change 
to'be made by me John Shakſpear of this my aforeſaid 
wilt and teſtament. Amen. | 
John Shakſpear have made this prefent writing of 
proteſtation, confeſſion, and charter, 1n preſence of the 
bleſſed virgin mary, my-Angell guardian, and all the 
Celeſtiall Court, as witneſſes hereunto : the which my 
meaning 1s, that it be of full value now preſently and 
for ever, with the force and vertue of teſtament, codi- 
eill, and donation in cauſe of death; confirming it anew, 
being in perfect health of foul and body, and ſigned 
with mine own hand; carrying alſo the ſame about me; 
and for the better declaration hereof, my will and inten- 
tion 1s that it be finally buried with me after my death. 


4 Pater noſter, Ave maria, Credo. 
c jeſu, ſon of David, have mercy on me. 
| Amen.“ 


Since my remarks on the epitaph ſaid to have been 
made by Shakſpeare on John o' Comb, were printed, it 
occurred to me, that the manuſcript papers of Mr. Au- 
brey, preſerved in the Aſhmolean Muſeum at Oxford, 
might throw ſome light on that ſubject. Mr. Aubrey 
was born in the year 1625, or 1626 ; and in 1642 was 
entered a gentleman commoner of Trinity college in 
Oxford, Four years afterwards he was: admitted a 
member of the Inner Temple, and in 1662 elected a 
member of the Royal Society. He died about the year 
1700, It is acknowledged, that his literary attain- 

— ments 


/ 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 167 


ments were confiderable; that he was a man of good 
parts, of much learning and great application ; a good 
Latin poet, an excellent naturaliſt, and, what 1s more 
material to our preſent object, a great lover of and inde- 


fatigable ſearcher into antiquities. That the greater 
/part of his life was devoted to literary purſuits, 1s aſcer- 


tained by the works which he has publiſhed, the cor- 
reſpondence which he held with many;eminent men, and 
the collections which he left in manuſcript, and which 


are now repoſited in tle Aſhmolean Muſeum. Among 


theſe collections is a curious account of our Engliſh poets 
and many other writers. While Wood 'was preparing 
his Arhene Oxonien/es, this manuſcript was lent to him, 
as appears from many queries in his handwriting in the 
margin; and his account of Milton, with whom Aubrey 


was intimately acquainted, is (as has been obſerved by 


Mr. Warton) literaly tranſcribed from thence. Wood 
atterwards quarreled with Mr. Aubrey, whom in the ſe- 
cond volume of his Faftz, p. 262, he calls his friend, 
and on whom in his Hiſtory of the Univerſity of Ox- 
ford he beſtows the higheſt encomium“; and; after 
their quarrel, with his uſual warmth, and in his looſe 
diction, he repreſented Aubrey as “ a pretender to 
antiquities, roving, magottie-headed, and little bet- 
ter than craſed.” To Wood every lover of antiquity 
and literary hiſtory has very high obligations; and in 
all matters of fa& he may be ſafely relied on; but 
his opinion of men and things is of little value. Ac- 
cording to his repreſentation, Dr. Ralph Bathurſt, a man 
highly eſteemed by all his contemporaries, was a 
molt vile perſon,” and the celebrated John Locke, a 
prating, clamorous, turbulent fellow.” The virtu- 
ous and learned Dr. John Wallis, if we are to believe 
Wood, was a man who could“ at any time make black 


White, and white black, for his own ends, and who had 


* «« Tranſmiflum autem nobis eſt illud epitaphium a viro perhu- 
mano, Johanne Alberico, vulgo Aubrey, Armigero, hujus collegit 
olim generoſo commenſali, jam vero £ Regio Societate, Londiniz viro 
inquam, tam bono, tam benigno, ut publico ſolum commodo, nec fibi 


omnino, natus eſſe videatur.“ * et Aatig. Univ. Oxon. I. ii. p. 297 · 


4 a ready 


168 HISTORTICAL ACCOUNT 


a ready knack at ſophiſtical evaſion s.“ How little 
his judgment of his contemporaries is to be truſted, is 
alſo evinced by his account of the ingenious Dr, South, 
whom, being offended by one of his witticiſms, he has 
groſsly reviled?. Whatever Wood in a peeviſh humour 
may have thought or ſaid of Mr. Aubrey, by whoſe la- 
bours he highly profited, or however fantaſtical Aubrey 
may have been on the ſubje&t of chemiſtry and ghoſts, 
his character for veracity has never been impeached ; 
and as a very diligent antiquarian, his teſtimony 13 
worthy of attention. Mr. Toland, who was well ac- 
quainted with him, and certainly a better judge of men 
than Wood, gives this character of him: ** Though he 
was extremely ſuperſtitious, or ſeemed to be ſo, yet ye 
WAS A VERY HONEST MAN, AND MOST ACCURATE 
IN HIS ACCOUNT OF MATTERS OF FACT. But 
the facts he knew, not the reflections he made, were 
what I wanted*.” I do not with to maintain that all 
his accounts of our Engliſh writers are on theſe grounds 
to be implicitly adopted ; but it ſeems to me much 
more reaſonable to queſtion ſuch parts of them as ſeem 
objectionable, than to reje& them altogether, becauſe 
he may ſometimes have been miſtaken. | | 

He was acquainted with many of the players, and 
lived in great intimacy with the poets and other cele- 
brated writers of the laſt age; from whom undoubt- 
edly many of his anecdotes were collected. Among 
his friends and acquaintances we find Hobbes, Milton, 


. 8 Letter from Wood to Aubrey, dated Jan. 16, 1689-90. Mis. 
Aubrey. No. 15, ip Muſ. Aſhmol. Oxon.— Vet in the preface to his 
Hiſtory of the Univerſity of Oxford, he deſcribes Dr. Wallis as a man 
cc eruditione pariter et bumanitate præſtans. | 

9 «© Wood's account of South (ſays Mr. Warton) is full of malici- 
ous reflections and abuſive ſtories: the occaſion of which was this. 
Wood, on a viſit to Dr. South, was complaining of a very painful and 
dangerous ſuppreſſion of urine 3 upon which South in his witty man- 
ner, told him, that, © if he could not make water he muſt make earth.“ 
Wood was ſo provoked at this unſeaſonable and unexpected jeſt, that 
he went home in a paſſion, and wrote South's Life.” Life of Ralph 
Bathurſt, p. 184. Compare Wood's Athen. Gxon. II. 1041. : 

- 4 Specimen of a critical hiſtory of the Celtick religion, &c. p. 122. 
| Dryden, 


bes 
8 
33 
bp 
Q 
= 

| 4,28 
2 
*; 
7 5 
5 
E 
2 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 169 


Dryden, Ray, Evelyn*, Aſhmole, Sir William Dugdale, 
Pr. Bathurſt, Biſhop Skinner, Dr. Gale, Sir John 
Denham, Sir Bennet Hoſkyns, (ſon of John Hoſkyns, 
who was well acquainted with the poets of Shak- 
ſpeare's time,) Mr. Joſiah Howe, Toland, and many 
more . The anecdotes concerning D*Avenant in 
Wood's Athenæ Oxonienſes, which have been print- 
ed in a former page*, were, like the copious and 
accurate account of Milton, tranſcribed literally from 
Aubrey's papers. What has been there ſuggeſted, 
(that D'Avenant was Shakſpeare's ſon) is confirmed by 
a ſubſequent paſſage in the Mſ. which has been imper- 
fectly obliterated, and which Wood did not print, 
though in one of his own unpubliſhed manuſcripts now in 
the Bodleian library he has himſelf told the ſame ſtory, 
The line which is imperfectly obliterated in a different 
ink, and therefore probably by another hand than that 
of Aubrey, tells us, (as Mr. Warton who has been able 
to trace the words through the obliteration, informs 
me,) that D' Avenant was Shakſpeare's ſon by the hoſ- 
teſs of the Crown inn. The remainder of the context 
confirms this; for it ſays, that D*Avenant was proud 
of being thought ſo, and had often (in his cups) owned 
the report to be true, to Butler the poet.” From Dr. 
Bathurſt, Sir Bennet Hoſkyns, Lacy the player, and 
others, Aubrey got ſome anecdotes of Ben Jonſon, 
which, as this part of the manuſcript has not been pub- 


liſhed, I ſhall give below; and from Dryden and Mr. 
| William 


2 cc With incredible ſatisfaction I have peruſed your Natural Hiſtory 
of the county of Surrey, and greatly admire both your induſtry in un- 
dertaking ſo profitable a work, and your judgment in the ſeveral ob- 
ſervations you baue made. Letter from John Evelyn, Eſq. to Mr. 


Aubrey, prefixed to his Antiquities of Surrey. 


3 Hobbes, whoſe life Aubrey wrote, was born in 1588, Milton 
in 1608, Dryden in 1630, Ray in 1628, Evelyn in 1621, Aſhmole 
in 1616, Sir W. Dugdale in 1606, Dr. Bathurſt in 1620, Biſhop 
Skinner in 1591, Dr. Gale about 1630, Sir ſohn Denham in 1615, Sir 
Bennet Hoſkyns (the ſon of John Hoſkyns, Ben Jonſon's poetical fa. 
ther, who was born in 1566,) about 1600, and Mr. Joſ. Howe in 1611, 


4 Part I. p. 160, n. 6. 
5 The article relative to this poet immediately precedes that of 


Shakſpeare, and is as follows: 
| f « M. 


— 


170 ' HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


William Beeſton, (ſon of Chriſtopher Beeſton, Shakſpeare's 
fellow-comedian, who was a long time manager of the 
| | Cockpit 

« M. Benjamin Jornson, Poet Laureat. 
„„I remember when I was a ſcholar at Trin. Coll. Oxon. 1646, 1 
heard Mr. Ralph Bathurſt [now Dean of wget ſay, that Ben: 
Johnſon was a Warwyckſhire man. *Tis agreed, that his father was 
a miniſter ; and by his Epiſtle DD of Every Man — to Mr. W. 
Camden, that he was a Weſtminſter ſcholar, and that Mr. W. Cam- 
den was his ſchoolmaſter. His mother, after his father's death, 
married a bricklayer, and 'tis grally ſayd that he wrought ſome time 
with his father-in-lawe, & p'ticularly on the garden wall of Lincoln's 
inne next to Chancery lane; & that a knight, a bencher, walking 
thro, and hearing him repeat ſome Greeke verſes out of Homer, diſ- 
courfing with him & finding him to have a witt extraordinary, gave 
him ſome exhibition to maintain him at Trinity College in Cam- 
bridge, where he was : then he went into the Lowe countreys, 
and ſpent ſome time, not very long, in the armie ; not to the diſgrace 
of [it J, as you may find in his Epigrames. Then he came into Eng- 
land, & acted & wrote at the Green Curtaine, but both ill; a kind 
of Nurſery or obſcure play-houſe ſomewhere in the ſuburbs (I think 
towards Shoreditch or Clarkenwell). Then he undertooke againe to 
write a play, & did hitt it admirably well, viz. Every Man 
which was his firſt good one, Sergeant Jo. Hoſkins of Hereford- 
Mire was his Farther. I remember his ſonne (Sir Bennet Hoſkins, 
Baronet, who was ſomething poetical in his youth) told me, 
that when he defired to be adopted his ſonne, No, ſayd he, 'tis 
honour enough for me to be your brother: I am your father's ſonne ; 


_ *twas he that poliſhed me: I doe acknowledge it. He was [or rather 


had been] of a clear and faite ſkin. His habit was very plain. I have 
heard Mr. Lacy the player ſay, that he was wont to weare a coate 
like a coachman's coate, with flitts under the arm-pitts. He would 
many times exceede in drinke : Canarie was his beloved liquour : then 
he would tumble home to bed; & when he had thoroughly perſpired, 
then to ſtudie. I have ſeen his ſtudyeing chaire, which was of 
ftrawe, ſuch as old women uſed; & as Aulus Gellius is drawn 
in. When I was in Oxon : Biſhop Skinner [Bp of Oxford] who lay 
at our coll: was wont to fay, that he underſtood an author as well 
as any man in England. He mentions in his Epigrames, a ſonne that 
he had, and his epitaph. Long fince in King ſames time, I have 
heard my uncle Davers [ Danvers] fay, who knew him, that he lived 
withoute temple barre at a combe-maker*s ſhop about the Eleph.ts 
Caſtle. In his later time he lived in Weſtminſter, in the houſe under 
whiche you paſſe, as you goe out of the church-yard into the old 
palace; where he dyed. He lyes buried in the north aiſle, the path 
of ſquare ftones, the reſt is lozenge, oppoſite to the ſentcheon of 
Robertus de Ros, with this inſcription only on him, in a pavement: 


ſquare of blew marble, x4 inches ſquare, O RARE BEN: IONSON ; 


which was donne at the charge of Jack Young, afterwards — 
| who 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 11 


Cockpit playhouſe in Drury-lane,) ſome particulars 
concerning Spenſer. I mention theſe circumſtances 
only to ſhew that Aubrey was a curious and diligent in- 
quirer, at a time when ſuch inquiries were likely to be 
attended with ſucceſs, : 

Dr. Farmer in his admirable E/ay on the learning of 
Shakſpeare, by which, as Dr. Johnſon juſtly obſerved, 
«© thequeſtion is for ever decided, has given an extract 
from Mr. Aubrey's account of our poet, and the part 
which he has quoted has been printed in a former 


who walking there, when the grave was covering, gave the fellow 


eighteen pence to cutt it. : 
{t is obſervable that none of the biographers of the laſt age, but 
Aubrey, appear to have known that Jonſon went to the Low Coun. 


tries, in his younger years; a fact which is confirmed by the conver- - 


ſation that paſſed between old Ben and Mr. Drummond of Hawthorn- 
den, which was not publiſhed tilt eleven years after Mr. Aubrey's 
death. A long account of Serjeant Joby Hoſkyns, and Skinner, biſhop 
of Oxford, may be found in Wood's Arben. Oxon, I. 6141]. 1156, 
Not knowing that this poet had a ſon who arrived at man's eſtate, 
I had no doubt that the reverſionary grant of the office of Maſter of 
the Revels, wkich I found in the chapel of the Rolls, was made to 
old Ben; [fee Vol. I. Part I. p. 400, ] but I am now convinced that 
I was miſtaken, and that this grant was made either to his ſon, Ben- 
jamin Jonſon the younger, who was alſo a poet, though he has not 
been noticed by any of our biographical writers, or to ſome other 
perſon of the ſame name. A paper which has lately fallen into 
my hands, pointed out my miſtake. It appears that Sir Henry Herbert 
ſoon after the Reftoration brought an action on the cafe againft Mr, 
Betterton, for the injury Sir Henry ſuffered by the performance of plays 
without the accuſtomed fees being paid to the Maſter of the Revels. On 
the trial it was neceſſary for him to eſtabliſh his title to that office; and 
as the grant made to him was not to take effect till after either 
the death, reſignation, forfeiture, or ſurrender of Benjamin ſonſon 
and Sir John Aſtley, it became neceſſary to ſhew that thoſe two per. 
fons were dead: and accordingly it was proved on the trial that the ſaid 
Benjamin Jonſon died, Nov. 20, 1635, The poet-laureat died, Auguſt 
16, 1637. The younger Jonſon was a dramatick author, having in 
conjunction with Brome, produced a play called A Fault in Friendſhip, 
which was acted at the Curtain by the Prince's company in October, 
1623; and. in 1672 a collection of his poems was publiſhed. To 
this volume are prefixed verſes addrefled “ to all the ancient family of 
the Lucyes, in which the writer deſcribes himſelf as “ a little ſtream 
from that clear ſpring: a circumſtance which adds ſupport to Dr, 
Bathurſt's account of his father's birth-place. It ſhould ſeem that he 


was not on good terms with his father. He was not very happy in 


his children, (ſays Fuller in his account of Ben Jonſon,) ( and moſt 
happy in theſe which died firſt, though none lived to ſurvive him. 
| page: 


| 


— — 


852 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
page ©: but as the manuſcript memoir is more copious, 
and the account given by Aubrey of our poet's verſes 
on John o'Combe, (which has never been publiſhed) 1s 
materially different from that tranſmitted by Mr. Rowe, 
I ſhall give an exact tranſcript of the whole article re- 
lative to Shakſpeare, from the original. 


MS. Aubrey. Mus. As HMOT. Oxon. Lives, 
P. I. fol. 78. a. [Inter Cod, Dugdai.] 


| 

| 

{ 

| Mr. WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE, 
| 

[ 

{ 

| 


& William Shakeſpeare's father was a butcher, and 
T have been told heretofore by ſome of the neighbours, 
that when he was a boy, he exerciſed his father's trade ; 
but when he killed a calfe, he would do it in a high 
ſtyle, and make a ſpeech. This William, being incli- 
ned naturally to poetry and acting, came to London, I 
gueſſe about 18, and was an actor at one of the play- 
1 Hhauoduſes, and did act exceedingly well. Now Ben Johnſon 
i was never a good actor, but an excellent inſtructor. He 
| began early to make eſſays in dramatique poetry, 
which at that time was very lowe, and his plays took 
well. He was a handſome well ſhaped man ; verie good 
company, and of a very ready, and pleaſant, and ſmooth 
witt. The humour of the conſtable in 4 Midſommer- 
night Dreame he e e to take at Crendon in Bucks, 
(1 think it was Midſommer- night that he happened to 
be there; ) which is the road from London to Stratford; 
1 and there was living that conſtable about 1642, when 
1 I came firſt to Oxon. Mr. Joſ. Howe is of the pariſh, 
| and knew him. Ben Johnſon and he did gather humours 
of men, wherever they came, One time as he was at the 
taverne at Stratford, Mr, Combes, an old uſurer, was 
to be buryed ; he makes then this extemporary epitaph 
upon him: | | 
4 Ten in the hundred the Devill allowes, | 
But Combes will have twelve, he {weares and he vowes : 
c« If any one aſke who lies in this tomb, | 
6 Hoh! quoth the Devill, *tis my John o'Comb. 


— CN — 
: —— — — 


———— ͤ³ũ—I—ñ Ü᷑:— 
. 
s 


6 Part I. p. 166. Dr. Farmer ſuppoſed that Aubrey's anecdotes of 
Shakſpeare came originally from Mr. Beeſton, but this is a miſtake. Mr. 
Beeſton is quoted by Aubrey only for ſome particulars relative to Spenſer, 


22227 66 He 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 73 


& He was wont to go to his native country once a 
yeare, I think I have been told that he left near zool. 
to a ſiſter, He underſtood latin pretty well; for he 
had been in his younger yeares a ſcool-maſter in the 
country.“ | 
Let us now proceed to examine the ſeveral parts of 
this account. 3 
The firſt aſſertion, that our poet's father was a butcher, 
has been thought unworthy of credit, becauſe “ not 
only contrary to all other tradition, but, as it may ſeem, 
to the inſtrument in the heralds- office, which may be 
found in a former page. But for my own part, I think, 


this aſſertion, (which it ſhould be obſerved is poſitively | 


affirmed on the information of his neighbours, procured 
probably at an early period,) and the received account 
of his having been a wool-ſtapler, by no means incon- 
ſiſtent. Dr. Farmer has illuſtrated a paſſage in Hamlet 
from information derived from a perſon who was at once 
a wool-man and butcher; and, I believe, few occupa- 
tions can be named, which are more naturally conneQ- 
ed with each other. Mr. Rowe firſt mentioned the 
tradition that our poet's father was a dealer in wool, 
and his account 1s corroborated by a circumſtance which 
I have juſt now learned. In one of the windows of a 
building in Stratford which belonged to the Shakſpeare 
family, are the arms of the merchants of the ſtaple z— 
Nebule, on a chief gules, a lion paſſant, or; and the ſame 
arms, I am told, may be obſerved in the church at Strat- 
ford, in the fret-work over the arch which covers the 
tomb of John de Clopton, who was a merchant of the 
ſtaple, and father of Sir Hugh Clopton, lord-mayor of 
London, by whom the bridge over the Avon was built. 
But it ſhould ſeem from the records of Stratford that 
John Shakſpeare, about the year 1579, at which time 
our poet was fifteen years old, was by no means in 
affluent circumſtances? ; and why may we not ſuppoſe 
that at that period he endeavoured to ſupport his nume- 
rous family by adding the trade of a butcher to that of 


7 Vol. I, part I. P. 103, No Is 
his 


| 
|. 
| 


174 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


his principal buſineſs ; though at a ſubſequent period he 
was enabled, perhaps by his ſon's bounty, to diſcontinue 

the leſs reſpectable of theſe occupations ? I do not, how- 

ever, think it at all probable, that a perſon who had been 

once bailiff of Stratford ſhould have ſuffered any of his 

children to have been employed in the ſervile office of 
killing calves. 

Mr. Aubrey proceeds to tell us, that William Shak- 
ſpeare came to London and began his theatrical career, 
according to his conjecture, when he was about eighteen 
years old ;—but as his merit as an actor is the princi- 
pal object of our preſent diſquiſition, I ſhall poſtpone 
my obſervations on this paragraph, till the remaining 
part of theſe anecdotes has been conſidered. £ 

We are next told, that he began early to make 
eſſays in dramatique poetry, which at that time was 
very lowe, and his playes took well.“ 

On theſe points, I imagine, there cannot be much 
variety of opinion. Mr. Aubrey was undoubtedly miſ- 
taken in his conjecture, (for he gives it only as conjec- 
ture,) that our poet came to London at eighteen; for 
as he had three children born at Stratford in 1583 and 
1584, it is very improbable that he ſhould have left his 
native town before the latter year. I think it moſt pro- 
bable that he did not come to London before the year 
2586, when he was twenty-twa years old, When he 
produced his firſt play, has not been aſcertained ; but if 
Spenſer alludes to him in his Tears of the Ma/es, Shak - 
ſpeare muſt have exhibited fome piece in or before 1590, 
at which time he was twenty fax years old ; and though 
many have written for the publick before they had 
attained that time of life, any thcatrical performance 
mae" gy at that age, would, I think, tuffictently juſti- 

y, Mr. Aubrey in ſaying that he began early to make 
eſſays in dramatick poetry. In a word, we have no 
proof that he did not woo the dramatick Muſe, even fo 

early as in the year 1587 or 1588; in the firſt of which 
years he was but twenty three; and therefore till fuch 
proof ſhall be produced, Mr. Aubrey's aflertion, founded 
apparently on the information of thoſe who lived very 
near the time, is entitled to ſome weight. = 
cc — 


4 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 5 


« He was a handſome well-ſhaped man, verie good 
company, and of a very ready, and pleaſant, and ſmooth 
witt.”? | | | 

I ſuppoſe none of my readers will find any difficulty 
in giving full credit to this part of the account, Mr. 
Aubrey, I believe, is the only writer, who has particu- 
larly mentioned the beauty of our poet's perſon; and 
there being no contradiQory teſtimony on the ſubject, 
he may here be fafely relied on. All his contemporaries 
who have ſpoken of him, concur in celebrating the gen- 
tleneſs of his manners, and the readineſs of his wit. 
As he was a happy imitator of nature, (ſay his fellow 
comedians,) ſo was he a moſt gentle expreſſer of it. 
His mind and hand went together; and what he thought 
he uttered with that eaſineſs, that we have ſcarce re- 
ceived from him a blot in his papers.“ My gentle 
Shakſpeare, is the compellation uſed to him by Ben 
Jonſon. ** He was indeed (ſays his old antagoniſt} 
honeſt, and of an open and free nature; had an excellent 
fancy, brave notions, and gentle expreſſions; wherein he 
flowed with that facility, that ſometimes it was neceſſary 
he ſhould be ſtopped. Szflaminandus erat, as Auguſtus 
faid of Harterius. So alto in his verſes on our poet: 


15 Look how the father's face 

„Lives in his iſſue, even ſo the race 
«© Of Shakſpeare's ind and manners brightly ſhines 
«© In his wwe//-rorned and true-filed lines. 


In like manner he is, repreſented by Spenſer (if in 
the Tears of the Muſes he is alluded to, which, it muſt 
be acknowledged, is extremely probable,) under the 
endearing deſcription of our pleaſant Willy,“ and 
« that ſame gentle ſpirit, from whole pen flow copious 
ſtreams of honey and neQtar.”” In a ſubſequent page I 
| ſhall have occaſion to quote another of his contempora- 
ries, who 1s equally laviſh in praiſing the uprightneſs of 
his conduct and the gentleneſs and civility of his de- 
meanour. And conformable to all theſe ancient teſti- 
monies is that of Mr. Rowe, who informs us, from the 
traditional accounts received from his native town, that 
our poet's ©* pleaſurable wit and good-nature engaged 

1 him 


175 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


him in the acquaintance and entitled him to the friend- 
ſhip of the gentlemen of his neighbourhood at Stratford.“ 

A man, whoſe manners were thus engaging, whoſe 
wit was thus ready, and whoſe mind was ftored with 
ſuch a plenitude of ideas and ſuch a copious afſem- 
blage of images as his writings exhibit, could not but 
have been what he is repreſented by Mr. Aubrey, a 
delightful companion. . 

« The humour of the conſtable in 4 Midſommer- 
night-Dreame, he happened to take at Crendon in Bucks, 
(I think it was Midſomer-night that he happened to 
be there;) which is the road from London to Strat- 
ford; and there was living that conſtable about 1642, 
when I came firſt to Oxon. Mr. Joſ. Howe is of the 
pariſh, and knew him.“ h | | 

It muſt be acknowledged that there is here a ſligh 
miſtake, there being no ſuch character as a conſtable 
in 4 Mid/ummer-Night's Dream. The perſon in con- 
templation undoubtedly was DoGBERRY in Much ado 
about nothing, But this miſtake of a name does not, 
in my apprehenſion, detract in the ſmalleſt degree 
from the credit of the fact itſelf; namely, that our poet 
in his admirable character of a foolith conſtable had in 
view an individual who lived in Crendon or Grendon, 
(for it is written both ways,) a town in Buckinghamſhire, 
about thirteen miles from Oxford. Leonard Digges, 
who was Shakſpeare's contemporary, has fallen into a 
fimilar errour ; for in his eulogy on our poet, he has 
ſuppoſed the character of MAH VOL IO, which is found 
in Twelſnh Night, to be in Much ado about nothing *. 

As ſome account of the perſon from whom Mr. Au- 
brey derived this anecdote, who was of the ſame col- 
lege with him at Oxford, may tend to eſtabliſh its 
credit, I ſhall tranſcribe from Mr, Warton's preface to 

his Life of Sir Thomas Pope, ſuch notices of Mr. Joſias 
Howe, as he has been able to recover. 

«« He was born at Crendon in Bucks, [about the 
year 1611] and elected a ſcholar of Trinity College 


s See Vol. I. Part I. p. 213. a 
N 5 June 


rr rr — — — — 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 1577 
June 12, 1632; admitted a fellow, being then bache- 
lor of arts, May 26, 1637. By Hearne he is called a 


great cavalier and loyaliſt, and a moſt ingenious man“. 


He appears to have been a general and accompliſhed 

ſcholar, and in polite literature one of the ornaments'of 
the univerſity.—In 1644 he preached before king 
Charles the Firſt, at Chriſt Church cathedral, Oxford. 
The ſermon was printed, and in red letters, by his 
majeſty's ſpecial command.—Soon after 1646, he was 
ejected from his fellowſhip by the preſbyterians; and 
reſtored in 1660. He lived forty-two years, greatly 
reſpected, after his reſtitution, and arriving at the age 
of ninety, died fellow of the college where he conſtant- 
ly reſided, Auguſt 28, 1701.“ Mr. Thomas Howe, 
the father of this Mr. Jofias Howe, (as I learn from 
Wood) was miniſter of Crendon, and contemporary with 
Shakſpeare; and from him his. ſon perhaps derived 
ſome information concerning our poet, which he might 
have communicated to his fellow-collegian, Aubrey. 
The anecdote relative to the conſtable of Crendon, how- 
ever, does not ftand on this ground, for we find that 
Mr. Joſias Howe perſonally knew him, and that he was 
living in 1642. | | 

I now proceed to the remaining part of theſe anecdotes : 

© Ben Jonſon and he did gather humours of men 
wherever they came. One time as he was at the ta- 
verne at Stratford, Mr. Combes*, an old uſurer, was 
to be buried“; he makes then this extemporary epi- 
taph upon him: | 


9 Rob. Glouc. GLoss. p. 669. | | 
x This cuſtom of adding an s to many names, both in ſpeaking and 
writing, was very common in the laſt age. Shakſpeare's fellow-co- 
median, Jobn Heminge, was always called Mr. Hemings by his contem - 
poraries, and Lord Clarendon conſtantly writes Biſhop Zarles, inſtead of 
Biſhop Earle. CEE | 
48 (ſays Camden in his Remaines, 4to. 160g) alſo is joyned to 
moſt [names] now, as Manors, Knoles, Crofts, Hilles, Combes, &Cc. 
2 Mr. Combe was buried at Stratford, July 12, 1614. The entry 
in the Regiſter of that pariſh confirms the obſervation made above; 
for, though written by a clergyman, it ſtands thus: ““ July 12, 1614, 
wt Combes, Gener.” 


"VOL E FART H. *N «© Ten 


L 
——— — —ẽ . — t — — Sꝶm—ᷓ— — ——— 


oo 1 - x. 4 


138 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


ce Ten in the hundred the devill allowes, 
* But Combes will have twelve, he ſwears and he 


vowes: | 
«© If any one aſke3?, who lies in this tomb, 
4 Hoh! quoth the devill, *tis my John o' Combe.“ 


In a former page I have proved, if I miſtake not, from 


an examination of Mr, Combe's will, and other cir- 


cumſtances, that no credit is due to Mr. Rowe's account 
of our poet's having ſo incenſed him by an epitaph 
which he made on him in his preſence, at a tavern in 
Stratford, that the old gentleman never forgave him. 
And Mr. Aubrey's account of this matter, which I had 
not then ſeen, fully confirms what I ſuggeſted on the 
ſubject: for here we find, that the epitaph was made 
after Combe's death. Nor is this ſprightiy effuſion in- 
conſiſtent with Shakſpeare's having lived in a certain 
degree of familiarity with that gentleman ; whom he 
might have reſpected for ſome qualities, though he 
indulged himſelf in a ſudden and playful cenſure of his 
inordinate attention to the acquirement of wealth, at a 
time when thatsridicule could not affect him who was 
the object of it. | 
Mr. Steevens has juſtly obſerved, that the verſes ex- 
hibited by Mr. Rowe, contain not a jocular epitaph, 
but a malevolent prediction; and every reader will, I 
am ſure, readily agree with him, that it is extremely 
improbable that Shakſpeare ſhould have poiſoned the 
hour of confidence and friendſhip by producing one of 
the ſevereſt cenſures on one of his company, and ſo 


3 This appears to have been in our poet's time a common form in 
writing epitaphs. In one which he wrote on Sir Thomas Stanley, 
which has been given in Vol, I. Part I. p. 130, we again meet 
with it: = | 

«& Aſk, who lies bere, &c. 
Again, in Ben Jonſon's Epitaph on his ſon : 
« Reſt in ſoft peace, and aft'd, ſay, bere doth lie 
Ben Jonſon his beſt piece of poetry.” | 
wantonly 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 179 


wantonly and publickly expreſs his doubts concerning 
the ſalvation of one of his fellow creatures. The fore- 
going more accurate ſtatement entirely vindicates our 
poet from this imputation. 5 
Theſe extemporary verſes having, I ſuppoſe, not 
been ſet down in writing by their author, and being 
inaccurately tranſmitted to London, appear in an in- 
tirely different ſhape in Braithwaite's Remaines, and 
there we find them affixed to a tomb erected by Mr. 
Combe in his life-time. I have already ſhewn that no 
ſuch tomb was erected by Mr. Combe, and therefore 
Braithwaite's ſtory is as little to be credited as Mr, 
Rowe's. That ſuch various repreſentations ſhould be 
made of verſes of which the author probably never gave 
a written copy, and perhaps never thought of after he 
had uttered them, is not at all extraordinary, Who 
has not, in his own experience, met with ſimilar vari- 
ations in the accounts of a tranſaction which paſſed 
but a few months before he had occaſion ro examine 
minutely and accurately into the real ſtate of the fact? 
In further ſupport of Mr. Aubrey's exhibition of theſe 
verſes, it may be obſerved, that in his copy the firſt 
couplet is original; in Mr. Rowe's exhibition of them 
it is borrowed from preceCing epitaphs. In the fourth 
line, Ho (not On ho, as Mr. Rowe has it,) was in Shak- 
ſpeare's age the appropriate exclamation of Ronin 
GooDFEL Low, alias PUCKE, alias HOBGOBLINð “. 
Mr. Aubrey informs us laſtly, that Shakſpeare 
© was wont to go to his native country once a yeare. 
J think I have been told that he left near 3ool. to a 
ſiſter. He underftood Latin pretty well, for he had 
been in his younger years a ſchool-maſter in the 
country.“ | 
Many traditional anecdotes, though not perfectly 
accurate, contain an adumbration of the truth. It is 
obſervable that Mr. Aubrey ſpeaks here with ſome de- 
gree of doubt; I think I have been told; and his 
memory, or that of his informer, led him into an errour 


4 See Percy's Reliques of Ancient Poetry, Vol, III. p. 20a. 
| N 2 with 


10 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


with reſpe& to the perſon to whom our poet bequeathed 
this legacy, who, we find from his will, was his daugh- 
ter, not his ſiſter : but though Aubrey was miſtaken as 


to the perſon, his information with reſpect to the amount 


of the legacy was perfectly correct; for zool. was the 
preciſe ſum which Shakſpeare left to his ſecond daughter, 


Judith. = 


In like manner, I am ſtrongly inclined to think that 
the laſt afſertion contains, though not the truth, yet 
ſomething like it: I mean, that Shakſpeare had been 
employed for ſome time in his younger years as a zeacher 
in the country; though Dr. Farmer has inconteſtably 

roved, that he could not have been a teacher of Latin. 
have already ſuggeſted my opinion, that before his 


coming to London he had acquired ſome ſhare of legal 


knowledge in the office of a petty country conveyancer, 
or in that of the ſteward of ſome manerial court. It is 
not neceſſary here to repeat the reaſons on which that 
opinion is founded. If he began to apply to this ſtudy 
at the age of eighteen, two years afterwards he might 
have been ſufficiently converſant with conveyances to 
have taught others the forms of ſuch legal aſſurances as 
are uſually prepared by country attorneys ; and perhaps 
ſpent two or three years in this employment before he 


removed from Stratford to London. Some uncertain 
rumour of this kind might have continued to the mid- 


dle of the laſt century ; and by the time it reached Mr. 
Aubrey, ' our poet's original occupation was changed 
from a ſcrivener's to that of a ſchool-maſter. ; 
I now proceed to the more immediate object of our 
preſent inquiry; our poet's merit as an actor. 

«© Being inclined naturally (ſays Mr. Aubrey) to 
poetry and acting, he came to London, I gueſſe about 
18, and was an actor at one of the — and did 
act exceedingly well. Now Ben Jonſon never was a 

ood actor, but an excellent inſtructor.“ | 

The firſt obſervation that I ſhall make on this account 
is, that the latter part of it, which informs us that Ben 
Jonſon was a bad actor, is inconteſtably confirmed by one 
of the comedies of Decker ; and therefore, though there 


Were 


9 — 
n 8 E * 1 
e * "Wy L 3 
* * * * 9 FAY = 
% 1 C — . . * h 
. 8 Cano. os n PS T4 8 
N eee 4 N LUN Km eee 0 : 


n 3 2 1 gore 
nu - * 


72 8 m 
2 > . 3 N 
PAIN s 5 5 — 
s ” —_ El | A - , _- ; A e 
= 2 FISH, * . 1 * . . > 3 n . OW K 2 
£ IAN ee e Saw ti ORG ee 8 * oy 7 - U 


— 
-- 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 181 


were no other evidence, it might be plauſibly inferred 
that Mr, Aubrey's information concerning our poet's 
powers on the ſtage was not leſs accurate, But in this 
inſtance I am not under the neceſſity of reſting on ſuch 
an inference ; for I am able to produce the teſtimony of 
a contemporary in ſupport of Shakſpeare's hiſtrionick 
merit. In the preface to a pamphlet entitled Kinde- 
Hartes Dreame, publiſhed in December 1592, which L 
have already had occaſion to quote for another purpoſe, 
the author, Henry Chettle, who was himſelf a dramatick 


writer, and well acquainted with the principal poets 


and players of the time, thus ſpeaks of Shakſpeare: 
The other5, whom at that time I did not ſo much 


| ſpare, as ſince I wiſh I had, for that as I have moderated 


the hate of living writers, and might have uſed my own 
diſcretion, (eſpecially in ſuch a caſe, the author [Robert 
Greene] being dead,) I am as ſorry as if the original 
fault had been my fault; becauſe my ſelfe have ſeen his 
demeanour no leſs civil than he EXCELLENT in the quali- 
tie he profeſſes : beſides, divers of worſhip have reported 
his uprightneſs of dealing, which argues his honeſtie, 
and his facetious grace in writing, that approves his 


-- art; ** 


To thoſe who are not converſant with the language of 
our old writers, it may be proper to obſerve, that the 
words, ** the qualitie he profeſſes,” particularly denote 
his profeſſion as an a#or. The latter part of the para- 
graph indeed, in which he is praiſed as a good man and 
an elegant writer, ſhews this: however, the following 


_ paſſage in Stephen Goſſon's Schoole of Abuſe, 1579, in 


which the very ſame words occur, will put this matter 
beyond a doubt. Over-laſhing in apparell (ſays Goſ- 
ſon) is ſo common a fault, that the verye hyerlings of 
ſome of our plaiers, which ſtand at the reverſion of vi. s. 
by the weeke, jet under gentlemen's noſes in ſutes of 


ſilke, exerciſing themſelves in prating on the ſtage, and 


5 That by the words The ether, was meant Shakſpeare, has been 
already ſhewn in the Eſſay en the order of bis plays, Vol. I. Part I, 
p. 274» | 5 

N 3 common 


| 


182 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


common ſcoffing when they come abrode ; where they 
looke aſkance at every man of whom the ſonday before 
they begged an almes. I ſpeak not this, as though 
every one that profeſſeth the qualitic, fo abuſed him ſelfe; 
for it is wel knowen, that ſome of them are ſober, diſ- 
creet, properly learned, honeſt houſeholders, and citi- 
zens well thought on amonge their neighbours at home, 
though the pride of their ſhadowes (I meane thoſe hange- 
byes whome they ſuccour with ſtipend) cauſe them to bee 
ſomewhat talked of abrode®,”” | 

Thus early was Shakipeare celebrated as an actor, and 
thus unfounded was the information which Mr. Rowe 
obtained on this ſubject. Wright, a more diligent in- 


quirer, and who had better opportunities of gaining 
theatrical intelligence, had ſaid about ter years before, 


that he had“ heard our author was a better poet than 
an actor; but this deſcription, though probably true, 


may ſtill leave him a conſiderable portion of merit in the 


latter capacity: for if the various powers and peculiar 
excellencies of all the actors from his time to the preſent, 
were united in one man, it may well be doubted, whether 


they would conſtitute a performer whoſe merit ſhould 


entitle him to bench by the fide”? of Shakſpeare as a 
oct. 

4 A paſſage indeed in Lodge's Incarnate Dewvills of the 

age, 1596, has been pointed out, as levelled at our 


poet's performance of the Ghoſt in Hamlet. But this in 


my apprehenſion 1s a miſtake. The ridicule intended to 
be conveyed by the paſſage in queſtion was, 1 have no 
doubt, aimed at the actor who performed the part of the 
Ghoſt in ſome miſerable play which was produced before 
Shakſpeare commenced either actor or writer. That 
ſuch a play once exiſted, I have already ſhewn to be high- 
iy probable ; and the tradition tranſmitted by Betterton, 
that our poet's performance of the Ghoſt in his own 
Hamlet was his chef d'oeuvre, adds ſupport to my 
Opinion. F | 


In the margin this cautious puritan adds“ Some players modeſt, 


That 


if Le not deceiued. 


* 


E 
I 
+ 
2 
_ 
4 
5 3 
I 
7 
2 
1 
4 
1 
* 
% 
= 
1 
ke 
F 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 183 


That Shakſpeare had: a perfe& knowledge of his art, 
is proved by the inſtructions which are given to the 
player in Hamlet, and by other paſſages in his works; 
which, in addition to what I have already ſtated, 
Incline me to think that the traditional account tranſ- 
mitted by Mr. Rowe, relative to his powers on the ſtage, 
has been too haſtily credited. In the celebrated ſcene 
1 Hamlet and his mother, ſhe thus addreſſes 

Im: | 


1 — Alas, how 1s't with you ? 
« That you do bend your eye on Vacancy, | 
© And with the incorporeal air do hold diſtourſe ? 
«© Forth at your eyes your ſpirits wildly peep ; 
«© And, as the ſleeping ſoldiers in the alarm, 
«© Your bedded hair, like life in excrements, 
«« Starts up, and ſtands on end,—Whereon do you 
look ? | 
« Ham. On him! on him! look you, how pale he 
lares ! a : 
ce. Fas | and cauſe conjoiv*d, preaching to ſtones, 
„Would make them capable. Do not loo upon me, 
« Leſt with zh:s piteous action, you convert 
«« My ſtern effects: then what I have to do 
«« Will want true colour; tears perchance for blood.“ 


Can it be imagined that he would have attributed theſe 
lines to Hamlet, unleſs he was confident that in his own 
part he could give efficacy to that piteous action of the 
Ghoſt, which he has ſo forcibly deſcribed ? or that the 
preceding lines ſpoken by the Queen, and the deſcrip. 
tion of a tragedian in King Richard III. could have 
come from the pen of an ordinary actor ? 


Rich. Come, couſin, can*ſt thou quake and change 
Thy colour? 

«« Murther thy breath in middle of a wword? 

% And then again begin, and ſtop again, 

* As if thou wert diſtraught, and mad with terror? 


N 4 ; 69 Buck, 


184 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
% Buck, Tut, I can counterfeit the deep tragedian; 

<« Speak, and look big, and pry on every fade, 
Fremble and ſtart at wagging of a ftraw, 

% [ntending deep ſuſpicion : ghaſtly Icoks 
„Are at my ſervice, like enforced ſmiles ; 

% And both are ready in their offices, 

«© At any time, to grace my ſtratagems.“ 


I do not, however, believe, that our poet played parts 
of the firſt rate, though he probably diſtinguiſhed him- 
ſelf by whatever he performed. If the names of the 
actors prefixed to Every Man in his humour were arran- 
ged in. the ſame order as the perions of the drama, he 
muſt have repreſented Old Knowell; and if we may 
give credit to an anecdote related in a former page, 
he was the Adam in his own As you like it. Perhaps 
he excelled in repreſenting old men. The following 
contemptible lines written by a contemporary, about 
the year 1611, might lead us to ſuppoſe that he alio 
ated Duncan in Macbeth, and the parts of King Henry 
the Fourth, and King Henry the Sixth: 


4 To our Engliſh Terence, Mr. William Shakeſpeare. 


„ Some ſay, good Will, which I in ſport do fing, 
 *£ Hadfſt thou not play'd ſome Aingly parts in ſport, 
% Thou hadſt been a companion for a king, 
«© And been a king among the meaner ſort. 
«© Some others raile, but raile as they think fit, 
«© Thou haſt no railing but a raigning wit; 
© And honeſty thou ſow'ſt, which they do reape, 
0“ So to increaſe their ſtock which they do keepe.“ 
The Scaurge of Folly, by John Davies, of Here« 
ford, no date. | | 


RICHARD BOURBAD GE, 


the moſt celebrated tragedian of our author's time, was 
the ſon of James Burbadge, who was alſo an actor, and 


In writing this performer's name I have followed the ſpelling uſed 


by his brother, who was a witneſs to his will; but the name ought 


rather to be written Burbidge, (as it often formerly was,) being mani- 


2 


feſtly an abbreviation or corruption of Borougb- bridge. 


| perhaps 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 18g 


perhaps a countryman of Shakſpeare, He lived in 
Hood from in the pariſh of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, 
from which circumſtance I conjecture that he had origi- 
nally played at the Curtain theatre, which was in that 
neighbourhood ; for he does not appear to have been 
born in that pariſh; at leaſt I ſearched the regiſter from 
its commencement in 1558, in vain, for his birth. It 
is ſtrange, however, that he ſhould have continued to 
live from the year 1600 to his death, in a place which 
was near three miles diſtant from the Blackfriars play- 
houſe, and fill further from the Globe, in which thea- 
tres he acted during the whole of that time, He appears 
to have married about the year 1600; and if at that 
time we ſuppoſe him thirty years old, his birth muſt be 
placed in 1570. By his wife, whoſe chriſtian name was 
Winefrid, he had four daughters; Juliet, or Julia, (for 
the name is written both ways in the regiſter,) who was 
baptized Jan. 2, 1602-3, and died in 1608; Frances, 
| baptized Sep. 16, 1604; Winefrid, baptized Octob. 
5, 1613, and buried in October, 1616; and a ſecond 
Juliet, (or Julia,) who was baptized Dec. 26, 1614, 
This child and Frances appear to have ſurvived their 
father. His fondneſs for the name of Juliet, perhaps 
aroſe from his having been the original Romeo in our 
author's play, EE es | 
Camden has placed the death of Burbadge on the gth 
of March, 16197. On what day he died, .is now of 
little conſequence ; but to aſcertain the degree of credit 
due to hiſtorians is of ſome importance; and it may be 
worth while to remark how very ſeldom minute accu- 
racy is to be expected even from contemporary writers. 
The fact is, that Burbadge died ſome days later, proba- 
bly on the 13th of that month; for his will was made on 
the lzth, and he was buried in the church of St. Leo- 
nard, Shoreditch, on the 16th of March, 1618-19. His 
laſt will, extracted from the regiſtry of the Prerogative 
court, is as follows. 


7 «© 1619. Martii 9. Richardus Burbadge, alter Roſcius, obiit.“ 
. Regni regis Jacobi I, Annalium Apparatus, 4to. 1691, 
i 1 . 5 : 6c Mr Mos 


186 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


„ Memoranpum, That on Frydaye the twelfth of 
March, Anno Domini, one thouſand fix hundred and eigh- 
teen, Richard Burbage of the pariſh of Saint Leonard, 
Shoreditch, in the county of Middleſex, gent. being ſick 
in body, but of good and perfect remembrance, did make 
his laſt will and teſtament, nuncupative, in manner and 
form following; viz, He the ſaid Richard did nominate 
and appoint his well beloved wife Winifride Burbage to 
be his ſole executrix of all his goods & chattels what- 
ſoever, in the preſence and hearing of the perſons un- 


dernamed : | N 
Cuthbert Burbadge, brother to the teſtator. 


+ The mark of Elizabeth, his wife. 
Nicholas Tooley. | 
Anne Lancaſter. 

Richard Robinſon. | 
+ The mark of Elizabeth Graves. 
Henry Jackſonne. | 


Probatum fuit teſtamentum ſupraſcriptum apud London, 
coram judice, 220 Aprilis, 1619, uramento Mi- 
nifride Burbadge, relifte dicti defuncti et execu- 
tricis in eodem teſtamento nominat. cui commiſſa fuit 
adminiſtratio de bene, Sc. jurat. | 


Richard Rurbadge is introduced in perſon in an old 
play called The Returne from Parnaſſus, (written in or 
about 1602,) and inſtructs a Cambridge ſcholar how to 
play the part of King Richard the Third, in which 
Burbadge was greatly admired. 'That he repreſented 
this character, is aſcertained by Biſhop Corbet, who 
in his [ter Boreale, ſpeaking of his hoſt at Leiceſter, 


tells us, 


« — when he would have ſaid, King Richard died, 
« And call'd a horſe, a horſe, he Burbage cry*d.?? 


He probably alſo performed the parts of King John, 
Richard the WT Henry the Fifth, Timon, Brutus, 
Coriolanus, Macbeth, Lear, and Othello, 

He was one of the principal ſharers or proprietors of 


the Globe and Blackfriars theatres; and was of ſuch. 
eminence 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 187 
eminence, that in a letter preſerved in the Britiſh Mu- 
ſeum, written in the year 1613, (Mſs. Harl. 7002,) the 
actors at the Globe are called Burbadge's Company®, 

The following character of this celebrated player is 
given by Fleckno in his Short Diſcourſe of the Engliſh 
Stage, 1664. | 

He was a delightful Proteus, ſo wholly transform- 
ing himſelf into his parts, and putting off himſelf with 
his cloaths, as he never (not ſo much as in the tyring 
houſe) aſſumed himſelf again, untill the play was done. 
-— He had all the parts of an excellent orator, ani- 
mating his words with ſpeaking, and ſpeech with action; 
his auditors being never more delighted than when he 
ſpake, nor more ſorry than when he held his peace : 
yet even then he was an excellent actor fill ; never fail- 
ing in his part, when he had done ſpeaking, but with 
his looks and geſture maintaining it ſtill to the height.?? 

It ſhould not, however, be concealed, that Fleckno had 
previouſly printed this character as the portrait of An eu- 
cellent actor, in general, and there is reaion to believe that 
this writer never ſaw Burbadge : for Fleckno did not die 
till about the year 1682 or 1683, and conſequently, ſup- 

oſing him then ſeventy-five years old, he mult have 
ae a boy when this celebrated player died. The teſti- 
mony of Sir Richard Baker is of more value, who pro- 
nounces him to have been “ ſuch an actor, as no age 
muſt ever look to ſee the like.” Sir Richard Baker 
was born in 1568, and died in 1644-5 ; and appears, from 
various paſſages in his works, to have paid much atten- 
tion to the theatre, in defence of which he wrote a 
treatiſe, 

In Philpot's additions to Camden's Remains, we find 
an epitaph on this tragedian, more conciſe than even 
that on Ben Jonſon ; being only, Exit Burbidge,” 


8 In Jonſon's Maſque of Chriſtmas, 1616, Burbadge and Heminge 
are both mentioned as managers: I could ha' had money enough 
for him, an T would ha' been tempted, and ha? ſet him out by the 
week to the king's players: Maſter Burbadge hath been about and 
— with me, and ſo has old Mr. Heminge too; they ha' need of 

im.“ | 


The 


, 


183 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


The following old epitaph on Burbadge, which is 
found in a Mͤſ. in the Muſeum, (Miſs. Sloan. 1786,) is 
only worthy of preſervation, as it ſhews how high the 
reputation of this actor was in his own age: 


% Epitaph on Mr. Richard Burbage, the player *. 

« This life's a play, ſcean'd out by natures arte, 
„Where every man hath his allotted parte. 

«© This man hathe now (as many more can tell) 

5 Ended his part, and he hath acted well. 

«© The play now ended, think his grave to be 

& The detiring howſe of his ſad tragedie ; 

« Where to give his fame this, be not afraid, 

«« Here lies the beſt tragedian ever plaid.“ 


JOHN HEMINGE 


15 ſaid by Roberts the player to have been a tragedian, 
and in conjunction with Condell, to have followed the 
buſineſs of printing? ; but it does not appear that he 
had any authority for theſe aſſertions. In ſome tract 
of which I forgot to preſerve the title, he 1s ſaid to have 
been the original performer of Falſtaff. 

I ſearched the regiſter of St. Mary's Aldermanbury, 
(in which pariſh this actor lived,) for the time of his 
birth, in vain. Ben Jonſon in the year 1616, as we 


8 J did not till lately diſcover that there is an original picture of 
this admired actor in Dulwich College, or his portrait ſhould have 
been engraved for this work. However, the defect will very ſpeedily 
be remedied by Mr. Sylvveſter Harding, the ingenious artiſt whom 
1 employed to make a copy of the picture of Lowin at Oxford, which 
he executed with perfect fidelity; and who means to give the publick 
in twenty numbers, at a very moderate price, not only all ſuch portraits 
as can be found, of the actors who perſonated the principal characters 
in our author's plays, while he was on the ſtage, but alſo an aſſemblage 
of genuine heads of the real perſonages repreſented in them; together 
with various views of the different places in which the ſcene of his 
hiſtorical dramas is placed. Each plate will be of the ſame ſize as that 
of Lowin, ſo as to ſuit the preſent edition. | | 

9 Anſwer to Pope, 1729. £ 
have 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 189 


have juſt ſeen, calls him o Mr. Heminge: if at that 
time he was ſixty years of age, then his birth muſt be 
placed in 1556. I ſuſpect that both he and Burbadge 
were Shakſpeare's countrymen, and that Heminge was 
born at Shottery, a village in Warwickſhire at a very 
ſmall diſtance from Strattord-upon- Avon ; where Shak= 
ſpeare found his wife. I find two families of this name 
ſettled in that town early in the reign of Queen Eliza- 
beth. Elizabeth, the daughter of John Heming of Shot- 
tery, was baptized at Stratford-upon- Avon, March 12, 
1567. This John might have been the father of the 
actor, though I have found no entry relative to his bap- 
tiſm : for he was probably born before the year 1558, 
when the Regiſter commenced. In the village of Shot- 
tery alio lived Richard Hemyng, who had a ſon chriſtened 
by the name of John, March 7, 1570. Of the Bur- 
badge family the only notice |1 have found, is, an entry 
in the regiſter of the pariſh of Stratford, October 12, 
1565, on which day Philip Green was married in that 
town to Urſula Burbadge, who might have been ſiſter 
to James Burbadge, the father of the ator, whoſe mar- 
riage I ſuppoſe to have taken place about that time. If 
this conjecture be well founded, our poet, we ſee, had 
an eaſy introduction to the theatre. 

John Heminge appears to have married in or before the 
year, 1589, his eldeſt daughter, Alice, having been bap- 
tized October 6, 1590. Beſide this child, he had four ſons g 
John, born in 1598, who died an infant; a ſecond John, 
baptized Auguſt 7, 1599; William, baptized October 
3, 1602, and George, baptized February 11, 1603-4 ; 
and eight daughters; Judith, Thomaſine, Joan, Re- 
becca, Beatrice, Elizabeth, Mary, (who died in 1611,) 
and Margaret. Of his daughters four only appear to 
have been married; Alice to John Atkins in January 
1612-13; Rebecca to Captain William Smith; Mar- 
garet to Mr. Thomas Sheppard, and another to a perſon 
of the name of Merefield. The eldeſt ſon, John, pro- 
bably died in his father's life-time, as by his laſt will 
he conſtituted his fon William his executor. 

1 William, 


” 
ee —ĩ ED EE ů RE or ing 


— 2 re — x F.! Ps AE 


wo HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


William, whoſe birth Wood has erroneouſly placed in 
1605, was a ſtudent of Chriſt-church, Oxford, where he 
took the degree of a Maſter of Arts in 1628. Soon after 
his father's death he, commenced a dramatick poet, 
having produced in March 1632-3 a comedy entitled 
The Courſinge of a Hare, or the Madcap *, which was 

rformed at the Fortune theatre, but 1s now loſt. He 
was likewiſe author of two other plays which are extant ; 
The Fatal Contra, publiſhed in 1653, and The Jews 
Tragedy, 1662. : | 

From an entry in the Council-books at Whitehall, I 
find that John Heminge was one of the principal pro- 
prietors of the Globe playhouſe, before the death of 
Queen Elizabeth. He 1s joined with Shakſpeare, Bur- 
badge, &c. in the licence granted by King James im- 
mediately after his acceſſion to the throne in 1603; 
and all the payments made by the Treaſurer of the 
Chamber in 1613, on account of plays performed at 
court, are to John Heminge and the reſt of his fellows.” 
So alſo in ſeveral ſubſequent years, in that and the follow- 
ing reign. In 1623, in conjunction with Condell, he pub- 


liſhed the firſt complete edition of our author's plays; 


ſoon after which 1t has been ſuppoſed that he withdrew 


from the theatre; but this is a miſtake. He certainly 


then ceaſed to act“, but he continued chief director of 
the king's company of comedians to the time of his death. 
He died at his houſe in Aldermanbury, where he had long 
lived, on the 1oth of October 1630, in, as I conjecture, 
the 74th or 75th year of his age, and was buried on the 


1 Mſ. Herbert, 
* That he and Condell had ceaſed to act in the year 1623, is aſcer- 


tained by a paſſage in their Addreſs © to the great varietie of readers,“ 
prefixed to our poet's plays. Reade him therefore, and againe, and 
againe : and if then you do not like him, ſurely you are in ſome ma- 
nifeſt danger not to underſtand him. And ſo we leave you to other f 
bis friends, whom if you need, can be your guides.“ 1, e. their fel. 
low-comedians, who ftill continued on the ſtage, and, by repreſenting 
our author's plays, could elucidate them, and thus ſerve as guides to 


the publick, | 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 191 


2 2th, as appears by the Regiſter of St. Mary's Alderman- 
bury, in which he is ſtyled, “ John Heminge, player.“ 

I ſuſpe& he died of the plague, which had raged fo 
violently that year, that the playhouſes were ſhut up in 
April, and not permitted to be opened till the 12th of 
November, at which time the weekly bill of. thoſe who 
died in London of that diſtemper, was diminiſhed to 
twenty-nine*. His ſon William, into whoſe hands his 
papers mult have fallen, ſurvived him little more than 
twenty years, having died ſome time before the year 
1653: and where thoſe books of account of which his 
father ſpeaks, now are, cannot be aſcertained. One 
cannot but entertain a wiſh that at ſome future period 
they may be diſcovered, as they undoubtedly would 
throw ſome light on our ancient ſtage-hiſtory. The day 
before his death, John Heminge made his will, of 
which I ſubjoin a copy, extracted from the Regiſtry of 
the Prerogative Court, In this inftrument he ſtyles 
himſelf @ grocer, but how he obtained his freedom of 
the grocers' company, does not appear. 


« FN the name of God, Amen, the gth day of Octo- 
ber, 1630, and in the ſixth year of the reign of 
our ſovereign Lord, Charles, by the grace of God king 
of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, defender of 
the faith, &c. I John Heminge, citizen, and grocer 
of London, being af perfect mind and memory, thanks 
be therefore given unto Almighty God, yet well know- 
ing and confidering the frailty and incertainty of man's 
life, do therefore make, ordain, and declare this my 
laſt will and teſtament in manner and form following. 
Firſt, and principally, I give and bequeath my ſoul into 
the hands of Almighty God, my Maker and Creator, 
hoping and aſſuredly believing through the only merits, 
death and paſſion, of Jeſus Chriſt my ſaviour and redeem- 
er, to obtain remiſſion and pardon of all my ſins, and to 
enjoy eternal happineſs in the kingdom of heaven; and 


2 Mi. Herbert. 


that 


— 


— . — — a 


— ——— — 


— 


— x ＋Vu—ũ — 1 
— — — —ä 2 AY 2 ͤ  ' 


— — 
— — 9; 


—— 


192 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
my body I commit to the earth, to be buried in chriſtian 


manner, in the pariſh church of Mary Aldermanbury in 


London, as near unto my loving wife Rebecca Heminge, 
who lieth there interred, and under the ſame ſtone 
which lieth in part over her there, if the ſame conveni- 
ently may be: wherein I do defire my executor herein 
after named carefully to ſee my will performed, and 
that my funeral may be in decent and comely manner 
performed in the evening, without any vain pomp or 


_ Coſt therein to be beſtowed. 


Item, My will is, that all ſuch debts as I ſhall 
happen to owe at the time of my deceaſe to any 
perſon or perſons, (being truly and properly mine 
own debts,) ſhall be well and truly ſatisfied and paid 
as ſoon after my deceaſe as the ſame conveniently 
may be; and to that intent and purpoſe my will 
and mind is, and I do hereby limit and appoint, that 
all my leaſes, goods, chattles, plate, and houſehold 
ſtuffe whatſoever, which I leave or ſhall -be poſſeſſed of 
at the time of my deceaſe, ſhall immediately after my 
deceaſe be fold to the moſt and beſt benefit and advan- 
tage that the ſame or any of them may or can, and that 
the monies thereby raiſed ſhall go and be employed to- 
wards the payment and diſcharge of my ſaid debts, as 
ſoon as the ſame may be converted into montes and be 
received, without fraud or covin; and that if the ſame 
leaſes, goods, and chattels, ſhall not raiſe ſo much mo- 
ney as ſhall be ſufficient to pay my debts, then my will 
and mind is, and I do hereby will and appoint, that the 
moiety or one half of the yearly benefit and profit of 
the ſeveral parts which I have by leaſe in the ſeveral 
play-houſes of the Globe and Black-fryers, for and du- 
ring ſuch time and term as I have therein, be from time 


to time received and taken up by my executor herein after 


named, and by him from time to time faithfully employ- 
ed towards the payment of ſuch of my ſaid own proper 


debts which ſhall remain unſatisfied, and that propor- 


tionably to every perſon and perſons to whom I ſhall then 


remain indebted, until by the ſaid moiety or one half of 
the 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 193 


the ſaid yearly benefit and profit of the ſaid parts they 
ſhall be ſatisfied and paid without fraud or covin. And 
if the ſaid moiety or one half of the ſaid yearly benefit 
of my ſaid parts in the ſaid play-houſes ſhall not in ſome 
convenient time raiſe ſufficient moneys to pay my ſaid 
own debts, then my will and mind is, and I do hereby 
limit and appoint, that the other moiety or half part of 
the benefit and profit of my ſaid parts in the ſaid play- 
houſes be alſo received and taken up by my ſaid executor 
herein after named, and faithfully from time to time em- 
ployed and paid towards the ſpeedier ſatisfaction and 
payment of my ſaid debts. And then, after my ſaid 
debts ſhall be ſo ſatisfied and paid, then I limit and ap- 
point the ſaid benefit and profit ariſing by my ſaid parts 
in the ſaid play-houſes, and the employment of the ſame, 
to be received and employed towards the payment of the 
legacies by me herein after given and bequeathed, and 
to the raiſing of portions for ſuch of my ſaid children as 
at the time of my deceaſe ſhall have received from me 
no advancement. And I do hereby deſire my executor 
herein after named to ſee this my will and meaning 
herein to be well and truly performed, according to the 
truſt and confidence by me in him repoſed. 

Item, I give, deviſe, and bequeath, unto my daugh- 
ter Rebecca Smith, now wife of Captain William Smith, 


any beſt ſuit of linen, wrought with cutwork, which 


was her mother's; and to my ſon Smith, her huſband, 
his wife's picture, ſet up in a frame in my houſe. 

Item, I give and bequeath unto my daughter Mar- 
garet Sheppard, wife of Mr. Thomas Sheppard, my 
red cuſhions embroidered with bugle, which were her 
mother's; and to my ſaid ion Sheppard, his wife's pic. 
ture, which is alſo ſet up in a frame in my houſe. 

Item, I give and bequeath unto my daughter Eliza- 
beth, my green cuſhions which were her mother's. 

Item, I give and bequeath unto my daughter Mere- 


field my clothe-of-filver ſtriped cuſhions which were 


her mother's, | 
Item, I give and bequeath unto ſo many of my 


daughter Merefield's, and my daughter Sheppard's 
Vor. 15 PART Tho *(). children, 


— — — 


194 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
children as ſhall be living at the time of my deceaſe, 
fifty ſhillings apiece. | | | | | 

Item, I give and bequeath unto my grandchild, 
Richard Atkins, the ſum of five pounds of lawful money 
of England, to buy him books. 

Item, I give and bequeath unto my ſon-in-law John 
Atkins, and his now wife, if they ſhall be living with 
me at the time of my deceaſe, forty ſhillings, to make 
them two rings in remembrance of me. 

Iten, I give and bequeath unto every of my fellows 
and ſharers, his majeſties ſervants, which ſhall be living 
at the time of my deceaſe, the ſum of ten ſhillings 


apiece, to make them rings for remembrance of me. 


Item, I give and bequeath unto John Rice, Clerk, of 
St. Saviour's in Southwark, (if he ſhall be living at the 
time of my deceaſe,) the ſum of twenty ſhillings of lawful 
Engliſh money, for a remembrance of my love unto him. 

Item, I give and bequeath unto the poor of the pariſh 
of Saint Mary, Aldermanbury, where I long lived, and 
whither I have bequeathed my body for burial, the ſum 
of forty ſhillings of lawful Engliſh money, to be diftri- 


| bated by the churchwardens of the ſame pariſh where 


moſt need ſhall be. | | 

Item, My will and mind is, and I do hereby limit 
and appoint, -that the ſeveral legacies and ſums of 
money by me herein before bequeathed to be paid in 
money, be raiſed and taken out of the yearly profit and 
benefit which ſhall ariſe or be made by my ſeveral parts 
and ſhares in the ſeveral playhouſes called the Globe and 
Blackfriers, after my ſaid debts ſhall be paid, with as 
much ſpeed as the ſame conveniently may be; and I do 


hereby will, require, and charge my executor herein 


after named eſpecially to take care that my debts, firſt, 
and then thoſe legacies, be well and truly paid and diſ- 
charged, as ſoon as the ſame may be ſo raiſed by the ſale 


of my goods and by the yearly profits of my parts and 


ſhares; and that my eſtate may be ſo ordered to the beſt 
profit and advantage for the better payment of my 
debts and diſcharge of my legacies before mentioned 
with as much ſpeed as the ſame conveniently may be, 

according 


2 ] ↄ]A 3 * 7 
PR A eee RAS EY OR be HEN OA OR OR Era rea ata inn ga $0623) ANSD A Ace 2 4 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. agg 


according as I have herein before in this will directed 
and appointed] the ſame to be, without any leſſening, 


. diminiſhing, or undervaluing thereof, contrary to my 


true intent and meaning herein declared. And for the 
better performance thereof, my will, mind,*and deſire is, 
that my ſaid parts in the ſaid play-honſes ſhould be em- 
ployed in playing, the better to raiſe profit thereby, as 


formerly the ſame have been, and have yielded good 


yearly profit, as by my books will in that behalf appear. 
And my will and mind is, and I do hereby ordain, limit, 


and appoint, that after my debts, funerals, and legacies 


ſhall be paid and ſatisfied out of my eſtate, that then the 
reſidue and remainder of my goods, chattels, and credits 
whatſoever ſhall be equally parted and divided to and 
amongſt ſuch of my children as at the time of my deceaſe 
ſhall be unmaried or unadvanced, and ſhall not have re- 
ceived from me any portion in mariage or otherwiſe, 
further than only for their education and breeding, part 
and part like; and I do hereby ordain and make my ſon 
William Heminge to be the executor of this my laſt will 
and teſtament, requiring him to ſee the ſame performed 
in and by all things, according to my true meaning here- 
in declared. And I do deſire and appoint my loving 
friends Mr. Burbage * and Mr. Rice to be the overſeers 
of this my Jaſt will and teſtament, praying them to be 
aiding and aſſiſting to my ſaid executor with their beſt 
advice and council in the execution thereof: and I do 
hereby utterly revoke all former wills by me heretofore 


made, and do pronounce, publiſh, and declare this to 


be my laſt will and teſtament. In witneſs whereof I 
have hereunto put my hand and ſeal the day and year 
firſt above written. 7 
Probatum fuit teflamentum ſupraſcriptum apud London 
coram venerabili viro, magiſtro Willielmo Fames, 
legum doctore, Surrogato, undecimo die menfis 
Octobris, Anno Domini, 1630, juramento Willielmi 
Heminge filii naturalis et legitim. dicti defundti, et 
executoris, cui, Sc. de bene, c. jurat. 


* Cuthbert Burbadge, brother to the actor. 
„ AUGUs- 


196 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT | 
AUGUSTINE PHILIPS. 


This performer is likewiſe named in the licence grant- 
ed by king James in 1603. It appears from Heywood's 
Apology for Actors, printed in 1612, that he was then 
dead. In an extraordinary exhibition, entitled The 
Seven Deadly Sins, written by 'Tarleton, of which the 
ML. plot or ſcheme is in my poſſeſſion, he repreſented 
Sardanapalus, I have not been able to learn what parts 
he performed in our author's plays; but believe that he 
was in the ſame claſs as Kempe, and Armine; for he 
appears, like the former of theſe players, to have pub- 
liſhed a ludicrous metrical piece, which was entered on 
the Stationers? books in 1595. Philips's production was 
entitled The Figg of the Slippers. - 


WILLIAM KEMPE 


was the ſucceſſor of Tarle ton. Here I muſt needs re- 
member Tarleton, (ſays Heywood, in his Apology for 
Actors, ) in his time gracious with the queen his ſove- 
raigne, and in the people's general applauſe ; whom 
ſucceeded Vill. Kemp, as well in the favour of her ma- 
Jeſtie, as in the opinion and good thoughts of the gene- 
ral audience. From the quarto editions of ſome of our 
author's plays, we learn that he was che original per- 
former of Dogberry in Much Ado about Nothing, and of 
Peter in Romeo and Fuliet. From an old comedy called 
The Returne from Parnaſſus, we may collect, that he was 
the -original Juſtice Shallow; and the contemporary 
writers inform us that he uſually ated the part of a 
Clown; in which character, like Tarleton, he was cele- 
brated for his extemporal wit * Launcelot in the Mer- 
chant of Venice, Touchſtone in As you like it, Launce in 
The Two Gentlemen of Verona, and the Grave-digger 
in Hamlet, were probably alſo performed by this 


4 See p. 112, n. 1. 85 
| comedian. 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 197 


comedian. He was an author as well as an actor. 
So early as in the year 1589 Kempe's comick talents 
appear to have been highly eſtimated, for an old pam- 
hlet called An Almond for a Parrot, written, I think, 
y Thomas Naſhe, and publiſhed about that time, is 
dedicated * to that moſt comicall and conceited Cava- 
leire Monfieur du Kempe, Jeſtmonger, and vice-gerent 
generall to the Ghoſt of Dicke Tarleton.“ 
From a paſſage in one of Decker's tracts it may be 
preſumed that this comedian was dead in the year 


1609 *, | | ; 
In Braithwaite's Remains, 1618, he is thus com- 


memorated ; 


5 See The Returne from Parnaſſus, a comedy, 1606: © Indeed, 
M. Kempe, you are very famous, but that is as well for wvorkes in print 
as your part in cue.” Kempe's New Figg of the Kite ben - uf Woman 
was entered on the books of the Stationers' company in 1595; and in 
the ſame year was licenſed to Thomas Goſlon, ** Kempes New Figge 
betwixt a ſouldier and a miſer and Sym the clown.” 

Sept. 7, 1593, Was entered on the Stationers* Books, by R. Jones, 
6 A comedieentitled A knack bow to know a knave, newly ſet forth, 
as it hath been ſundrye times plaied by Ned Allen and his company, 
with Xempes applauded merryment of the Men of Gotham.” 

In the Bodleian Library, among the books given to it by Robert 
Burton, is the following tract, bound up with a few others of the 
ſame ſize, in a quarto volume marked L, 62d. art. 

% Kemps nine daies wonder performed in a daunce from London to 
& Norwich. Containing the pleaſure, paines and kind entertainment 
6 of William Kemp between London and that city, in his late mor- 
cc rice. Wherein is ſomewhat ſet downe worth note; to reprooue the 
« fJaunders ſpred of him: many things merry, nothing hurtfull, 
« Written by himſelfe, to ſatis e his friends.” (Lond. E. A. for 
Nicholas Ling. 1600. b. l. With a wooden cut of Kempe as a morris- 
dancer, preceded by a fellow with a pipe and drum, whom he (in the 
book) calls Thomas Slye, his taberer,) It is dedicated to © The true 
cc ennobled lady, and his moſt bountifull miſtris, miſtris Anne 
% Fitton, mayde of honour to the moſt ſacred mayde royall queene 
& Elizabeth.” | | 

6 « Tuſh, tuſh, Tarleton, Kempe, nor Singer, nor all the litter 
of fooles that now come drawling behind them, never played the 


clownes part more naturally than the arranteſt ſot of you all. 
"= : Guls Horneboocke, 1609. 


07  _ Urox 


198 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


% Uron Kur Ax D His MoRiCE, WITH E18 


EPITAPH, | 
« Welcome from Norwich, Kempe: all Joy to ſee 


„Thy ſafe return moriſcoed luſtily. 


«© But out alas ! how ſoone's thy morice done, 
4 When pipe and tabor, all thy friends be gone; 
« And leave thee now to dance the ſecond part 


6 With feeble nature, not with nimble art! 


5 Then all thy triumphs fraught with ſtrains of mirth, 
<c Shall be cag'd up within a cheſt of earth: 
« Shall be? they are; thou haſt danc'd thee out of 


breath ; '- ; | 
« And now muſt make thy parting dance with death.” 


THOMAS POPE. 


This actor likewiſe performed the part of a Clown 7. 
He died before the year 1600*, | 


GEORGE BRYAN. 


I have not been able to gather any intelligence con- 


| cerning this performer, except that in the exhibition of 


The Seven Deadly Sins he repreſented the earl of War- 


wick. He was, I believe, on the ſtage before the year 


1588. 
HENRY CUNDALL - 


3s ſaid by Roberts the player to have been a comedian, 
«but he does not mention any other authority for this 
aſſertion but ſtage-tradition, In Webſter's Dutche/s of 


7 * — what meanes Singer then, | 
c And Pope, the clozone, to ſpeak ſo boriſh, when 
«© They counterfaite the clownes upon the ſtage ?”? 
Humcurs Ordinarie, where a man may be werie merie aud 


exceeding well uſed for bis fixpences (No date.) 
Malfy 


3s Hey woods Apology for Actors. 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 199 


Malfy he originally acted the part of the Cardinal; and 
as, when that play was printed in 1623, another per- 
former had ſucceeded him in that part, he had certainly 
before that time retired from the ſtage. He ſtill, how- 
ever, continued to have an intereſt in the theatre, being 
mentioned with the other players to whom a licence 
was granted by King Charles the Firſt in 1625. He 
had probably a conſiderable portion of the fares or 
property of the Globe and Blackfriars theatres. This 
actor as well as Heminge lived in Aldermanbury, in which 
pariſh he ſerved the office of Sideman in the year 1606. 
J have not been able to aſcertain his age; but he ap- 

ears to have married about the year 1598, and had 
eight children, the eldeſt of whom was born in Feb, 
1598-99, and died an infant. Three only of his chil- 
dren appear to have ſurvived him; Henry, born in 
1600; Elizabeth in 1606; and William, baptized 
May 26, 1611. Before his death he reſided for ſome 
time at Fulham, but he died in London, and was buried 
in his pariſh church in Aldermanbury, Dec. 29, 1627. 
On the 13th of that month he made his will, of which 
J ſubjoin a copy, extracted from the regiſtry of the Pre- 
rogative Court. 


In the name of God, Amen, I Henry Cundall of 
London, gentleman, being ſick in body, but of perfect 
mind and memory, laud and praiſe be therefore given 
to Almighty God, calling to my remembrance that 
there is nothing in this world more ſure and certain to 
mankind than death, and nothing more uncertain than 
the hour thereof, do therefore make and declare this my 
laſt will and teſtament in manner and form following; 
that is to ſay, firſt I commend my ſoul into the hands of 
Almighty God, truſting and aſſuredly believing that 
only by the merits of the precious death and paſſion of 
my Lord and Saviour Jeſus Chriſt 1 ſhall obtain full 
and free pardon and remiſſion of all my fins, and ſhall en- 
joy everlaſting life in the kingdom of heaven, amongſt 


the elect children of God, My body I commit to the 
7 | N earth 


200 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


earth, to be decently buried in the night-time in ſuck 
pariſh where it ſhall pleaſe God to call me. My worldly 
ſubſtance I diſpoſe of as followeth. And firſt concerning 
all and fingular my freehold meſſuages, lands, tene- 
ments and hereditaments whatſoever, with their and 
every of their appurtenances, whereof I am and ftand 
| ſeized of any manner of eſtate of inheritance, I give, 
deviſe and bequeath the ſame as followeth. | 
Imprimis, I give, deviſe and bequeath all and fingu- 
lar my freehold meſſuages, lands, tenements and here- 
ditaments whatſoever, with their and every of their 
appurtenances, ſituate, lying and being in Helmett- 
court in the Strand, and elſewhere, in the county of 
Middleſex, unto Elizabeth my well beloved wife, for 
and during the term of her natural life; and from and 
immediately after her deceaſe, unto my ſon Henry 
Cundall, and to the heirs of his body lawfully to be 
begotren, and for want of ſuch iſſue unto my ſon William 
Cundall, and to the heirs of his body lawfully. to be 
begotten; and for default of ſuch iſſue unto my daugh- 
ter Elizabeth Finch, and to her heirs and aſſigns for ever. 
Item, I give, deviſe and bequeath all and ſingu- 
lar my freehold meſſuages, lands, tenements, and he- 
reditaments, whatſoever, with their and every of their 
appurtenances, ſituate, lying and being in the pariſh 
of St. Bride, alias Bridgett, near Fleet-ſtreet, Lon- 
don, and elſewhere in the city of London, and the 
ſuburbes thereof, unto my well beloved wife Elizabeth 
Cundall and to her aſſigns, until my ſaid fon William 
Cundall his term of apprenticehood ſhall be fully ex- 
pir2d by effluxion of time; and from and immediately 
after the ſaid term of apprenticehood ſhall be ſo fully 
expired, I give, deviſe and bequeath the ſame meſſuages 
and premiſes ſituate in the city of London, and the 
ſuburbes thereof, unto my ſaid fon William Cundall and 
to the heirs of his body lawfully to be begotten, aud for 
default of ſuch iſſue, unto my ſaid ſon Henry Cundall, 
and to the heirs of his body lawfully to be begotten, and 


for default of ſuch iſſue unto my ſaid daughter Elizabeth 
; | | Finch, 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 201 


Finch, and to her heirs and aſſigns for ever. And as 
concerning all and fingular my goods, chattels, plate, 
houſehold ſtuff, ready money, debts and perſonal eſtate, 
whatſoever and whereſoever, I give, deviſe, and be- 
queath the ſame as followeth : viz. | : 
Imprimis, Whereas I am executor of the laſt will 
and teſtament of John Underwood, deceaſed, and by 
force of the ſame executorſhip became poſſeſſed of ſo 
much of the perſonal eſtate of the ſaid John Under- 
wood, which is expreſſed in an inventory thereof, 
made and by me exhibited in due form of law into 
the eccleſiaſtical court, And whereas alſo in diſ- 
charge of my ſaid executorſhip I have from time to 
time diſburſed divers ſums of money in the education 
and bringing up of the children of the ſaid John Under- 
wood deceaſed as by my accompts kept in that behalf 
appeareth. Now in diſcharge of my conſcience, and 
in full performance of the truft repoſed in me by the 
ſaid John Underwood, 1 do charge my executrix faith- 
fully to pay to the ſurviving children of the ſaid John 
Underwood all and whatſoever ſhall be found and appear 
by my accompts to belong unto them, and to deliver unto 
them all ſuch rings as was their late father's, and which 
are by me kept by themſelves apart in a little caſket. 
Item, I do make, name, ordain and appoint my ſaid 
well beloved wife, Elizabeth Cundall, the full and ſole 
_ executrix of this my laſt will and teſtament, requiring and 
charging her, as ſhe will anſwer the contrary before Al- 
mighty God at the dreadfull day of judgment, that ſhe 
will truely and faithfully perform the ſame, in and by 
all things according to my true intent and meaning; 
and I do earneſtly defire my very loving friends, John 
Heminge, gentleman, Cuthbert Burbage, gentleman, 
my ſon-in-law Herbert Finch, and Peter Saunderſon, 
grocer, to be my overſeers, and to be aiding and aſſiſting 
unto my ſaid executrix in the due execution and per- 
formance of this my laſt will and teſtament. And I give 
and bequeath to every of my ſaid four ſeveral overſeers 
the ſum of five pounds apiece to buy each of them a piece 
of plate. | - 
Item, 


202 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


Item, I give, deviſe, and bequeath, unto my ſaid ſon 
William Cundall, all the clear yearly rents and profits 
which ſhall ariſe and come from the time of my de- 


_ ceaſe, of and by my leaſes and terms of years, of all m 


meſſuages, houſes, and places, ſituate in the Blackfriers, 
London, and at the Bank-fide in the county of Surry, 
until ſuch time as that the full ſum of three hundred 
pounds by thoſe rents and profits may be raiſed for a 


| ſtock for my ſaid ſon William“, if he ſhall fo long 


live. | ; 

Item, for as much as I have by this my will dealt very 
bountifully with my well beloved wife Elizabeth Cundall, 
confidering my eſtate, I do give and bequeath unto my 
fon Henry Cundall for his maintenance, either at the 
univerſity or elſewhere, one annuity or yearly ſum of 
thirty pounds of lawful money of England, to be paid 
unto my ſaid fon Henry Cundall, or his aſſigns, during 
all the term of the natural life of the ſaid Elizabeth my 
wife, if my ſaid ſon Henry Cundall ſhall ſo long live, at 


the four moſt uſual feaſt-days or terms in the year, that is 


to ſay, at the feaſts of the birth of our Lord Jeſus Chriſt, 
the Annunciation. of the bleſſed Virgin Mary, the 
Nativity of Saint John Baptiſt, and St. Michael the 
Archangel; or within the ſpace of twenty and eight 
days next enſuing after every of the ſame feaſt-days, 
by even and equal portions: the firſt payment thereof to 
begin and to be made at ſuch of the ſaid feaſt-days as 
ſhall firſt and next happen after the day of my deceaſe, 
or within the ſpace of twenty and eight days next enſuing 
after the ſame feaſt-day. TR 

Item, I give and bequeath unto widow Martin and 
widow Gimber, to each of them reſpectively, for and 
during all the terms of their natural lives ſeverally, 
if my leaſes and terms of years of and in my houſes 
in Aldermanbury in London ſhall ſo long continue 
unexpired, one annuity or yearly ſum of twenty ſnil- 
lings apiece, of lawful money of England, to be paid 
unto them ſeverally, by even portions quarterly, at 


* He was probably bound apprentice to Peter Saunderſon, grocer. | 


+ | the 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 203 


the feaſt-days above mentioned, or within the ſpace of 
twenty and eight days next enſuing after every of the 
ſame feaſt-days; the firit payment of them ſeverally to 
begin and to be made at ſuch of the ſaid feaſts as ſhall 
firit and next happen after my deceaſe or within the 
ſpace of twenty and eight days next enſuing after the 
ſame feaſt, | | Bo OS 

Item, JI give, deviſe, and bequeath unto the poor 
people of the pariſh of Fulham in the county of Mid- 
dleſex, where I now dwell, the ſum of five pounds, to be 
paid to maſter Doctor Clewett, and maſter Edmond 

Powell of Fulham, gentleman, and by them to be 
diſtributed. | | hs 
Item, I give, deviſe, and bequeath, unto my ſaid 
well beloved wife Elizabeth Cundall, and to my ſaid 
well beloved daughter Elizabeth Finch, all my houſe- 
hold ſtuff, bedding, linen, braſs and pewter, whatſo- 
ever, remaining and being as well at my houſe in Ful- 
ham aforeſaid, as alſo in my houſe in Aldermanbury in 
London ; to be equally divided between them part and 
part alike. And for the more equal dealing in that be- 
half, 1 will, appoint, and requeſt my ſaid overſeers, or 
the greater number of them, to make diviſion thereof, 
and then my wife to have the preferment of the choice. 

Item, I give and bequeath unto my couſin Frances 
_ Gurney, alias Hulſe, my aunt's daughter, the ſum of 
five pounds, and I give unto the daughter of the ſaid 
Frances the like ſum of five pounds. 

Item, I give, deviſe and bequeath unto ſuch and ſa 
many of the daughters of my couſin Gilder, late of New 
Buckenham in the county of Norfolk, deceaſed, as Mall 
be living at the time of my deceaſe, the ſum of five 
pounds _ | 
Item, I give and bequeath unto my old ſervant Eliza. 
beth Wheaton a mourning gown and forty ſhillings in 
money, and that place or priviledge which ſhe now ex- 
erciſeth and enjoyeth in the houſes of the Blackfryers, 
London, and the Globe on the Bankſide, for and during 
all the term of her natural life, if my eſtate ſhall ſo long 

| continue 


204 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


continue in the premiſes ; and I give unto the daughter 
of the ſaid Elizabeth Wheaton the ſum of five pounds, to 
be paid unto the ſaid Elizabeth Wheaton, for the uſe of 
her ſaid daughter, within the ſpace of one year next af- 
ter my deceaſe. And I do hereby will, appoint and de- 
Clare, that an acquittance under the hand and ſeal of the 
faid Elizabeth Wheaton, upon the receipt of the ſaid 
Jegacy of five pounds, -for the uſe of her ſaid daughter, 
ſhall be, and ſhall be deemed, adjudged, conſtrued, and 
taken to be, both in law and in equity, unto my now exe- 
cutrix a ſufficient releaſe and diſcharge for and concern- 
ing the payment of the ſame. 

Item, i give, deviſe, and bequeath, all the reſt and re- 
fidue of my goods, chattels, leaſes, money, debts, and 
perſonal eſtate, whatſoever and whereſoever, (after my 
debts ſhall be paid and my funeral charges and all other 
charges about the execution of this my will firſt paid 
and diſcharged) unto my ſaid well beloved wife, Eliza- 
beth Cundall. 8 | 

Item, My will and mind is, and I do hereby defire and 
appoint, that all ſuch legacies, gifts and bequeſts as I 
have by this my wall. given, deviſed or bequeathed unto 
any perſon or perſons, for payment whereof no certain 
time is hereby before limited or appointed, ſhall be well 
and truly paid by my executrix within the ſpace of one 
year next after my deceaſe. Finally, I do hereby re- 
voke, countermand, and make void, all former wills, 
teſtaments, codicils, executors, legacies, and bequeſts, 
whatſoever, by me at any time heretofore named, made, 
given, or appointed ; willing and minding that theſe 
preſents only ſhall ſtand and be taken for my laſt will 
and teſtament, and none other. In witneſs whereof I 
the ſaid Henry Cundall, the teſtator, to this my preſent - 
laſt will and teſtament, being written on nine ſheets of 
paper, with my name ſubſcribed to every ſheet, have ſet 
my ſeal, the thirteenth day of December, in the third 
year of the reign of our ſovereign lord Charles, by the 
grace of God king of England, Scotland, France, and 
Ireland, defender of the faith, &c. : 

- | HENRY CUNDALL. 
Signed, 


” die. Ati. 
” _ 
— W — » 
* » » Md 
— 3 
* 
. 
j 
1 
- 
' 
o 
* 
o 
* 
* * v 
| * 
[5 
* 
; % 
A 
P 
| 
£ — 
7 
is 
„ 
5 4 


2 
ill 
71 


4 N Fo 


4 | : 1 14. 
[of 1 
FEE wy Wl - 8 


ne "+ "ij 


—-— — 
—— > 


— ER — _ 


SS 
T 
RDU — 


. ²˙ ü. ⅛ͤῳ¹ulllt.. . —U˙uU een 


by FHioloway,} Ns” an: cam 


Py Uhmoler Hauoum, god 


Publiched as the Act directs by SHiington Za 2June 4 8g 6 


: 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 205 


Signed, ſealed, pronounced and declared, by the ſaid 
Henry Cundall, the teſtator, as his laſt will and teſta- 
ment, on the day and year above written, in the preſence 

of us whoſe names are here under written : 


Robert Yonge. | 

Hum. Dyſon, Notary Publique. | 

And of me Ro. Dickens, ſervant unto the 
ſaid Notary. . 


. Probatum fuit teftamentum ſupraſcriptum apud Lond. 
coram magiſtro Ricbardo Louche, legum doctore, Sur- 
rogato, 24 die Februarii, 1627, juramento Ali. 
zabethe Cundall, relictæ dicti defuncti et executr. 
cui, c. de bene, c. jurat. 


WILLIAM SLY 


was joined with Shakſpeare, &c. in the licence granted 
in 1603,—He is introduced, perſonally, in the induction 

to Marſton's Malecontent, 1604, and from his there uſing 
an affected phraſe of Oſrick's in Hamlet, we may collect 
that he performed that part, He died before the year 


16129. | Nos i 
RICHARD COWLEY 


appears to have been an actor of a low claſs, having 
performed the part of Verges in Much ado about Nothing. 
He lived in the pariſh of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, and 
had two ſons baptized there; Cuthbert, born in 1597, 
and Richard born in 1599. 1 know not when this actor 


died. | | «6 
| JOHN LOWIN 


was a principal performer in theſe plays. If the date 
on his picture in the Aſhmolean Muſeum at Oxford, is 


9 Heywood's Apology for Actors. 
1 This date, which the engraver of the annexed portrait has inad- 
vertently omitted, is“ 1640, /Etat. 64. a 


4 


accurate, 


4 


206 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 

accurate, he was born in 1576. Wright mentions in 
his Hiſtoria Hiſtrionica that before the wars he uſed to 
act the part of Falſtaff with mighty applauſe ;*”” but 
without doubt he means during the reign of king Charles 
the Firſt, from 1625 to 1641. When our poet's King 
Henry IV. was firſt exhibited, Lowin was but twenty- 
one years old ; it 1s therefore probable that Heminge, 
or ſome other actor, originally repreſented the fat 
knight, and that ſeveral years afterwards the part was 


N to Lowin. 
e is ſaid by Roberts the player to have alſo perform 


vans 


Beſide the parts already mentioned, this actor re- 
preſented the following characters: Moroſe, in The 
Silent Woman ;Volpone, in The Fox;—Mammon, in 
The Alchymift ;—Melantius, in The Maid's Tragedy ;— 
Aubrey, in 7 be Bloody Brother ;—Boſola, in The Dutche/5 
o Malfy ; —Jacomo, in The. Defſerving Favourite; — 

zubulus, in Maſſinger's Pickure;—Domitian, in The 
Roman Ator ;—and Belleur, in The Wild Gooje Chace. 
Though Heminge and Condell continued to have an 
intereſt in the theatre to the time of their death, yet 
about the year 1623, I believe, they ceaſed to adi; and 
that the management had in the next year devolved on 
Lowin and Taylor, is aſcertained by the following note 


* Hiftor, Hiſtrion. and Roſcius Anglicanus. 


made 


* 
| 
£ 
4 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 207 


made by Sir Henry Herbert in his office-book, under 
the year 1633. 1 
«© On friday the 19th of October3, 1633, I ſent a 


warrant by a meſſenger of the chamber to ſuppreſs TY 


Tamer Tamd, to the Kings players, for that afternoone, 


and it was obeyd; upon complaints of foule and offen- 


five maters conteyned therein. 

«© They ated The Scornfull Lady inftead of it. I have 
enterd the warrant here. 

© Theſe are to will and require you to forbeare the 
actinge of your play called The Tamer tamd or the 
Taminge of the Tamer, this afternoone, or any more till 
you have leave from mee; and this at your perill. On 
friday morninge the 18 Octob. 1633. X 


To Mr. Taylor, Mr. Lowins, or any of the Kings 
players at the Blackfryers. | 


e On ſaterday morninge followinge the booke was 
brought mee, and at my Lord of Hollands requeſt I re- 


turned it to the players ye monday morninge after, 


purgd of oaths, prophaneſs, and ribaldrye, being y*® 21 
of Octob. 1633. 85 | | | 

% Becauſe the ſtoppinge of the acting of this play for 
that afternoone, it being an ould play, hath rayſed ſome 
diſcourſe in the players, thogh no diſobedience, I have 
chought fitt to inſert here ther ſubmiſſion upon a former 
diſobedience, and to declare that it concernes the Maſ- 
ter of the Revells to bee carefull of their ould revived 
playes, as of their new, ſince they may conteyne offen- 


five matter, which ought not to bee allowed in any 


time. = 
«© The Maſter ought to have copies of their new playes 
left with him, that he may be able to ſhew what he hath 
allowed or diſallowed, | | 
% All ould plays ought to bee brought to the Maſter 
of the Revells, and have his allowance to them, for 


380 the Mſ. though afterwards Sir Henry Herbert calls it“ friday 
the 18th.“ | ; 
which 


PP ˙ A tn ES. 


—— 


————— . ˙¹ ö ͤ¶‚Rwm . IIS 


208 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


| which he ſhould have his fee, fince they may be full of 
offenſive things againſt church and ſtate; ye rather that. 
in former time the poetts tooke greater liberty than is 
allowed them by. mee. 
The players ought not to ſtudy their parts till I 
have allowed of the booke. '* 
To Sir Henry Herbert, K. t mailer of his Ma. ies 
Revels.” | 
e After our humble ſerviſe+ . unto your 
ood worſhip, Whereas not long ſince we acted a play 
called The Spaniſbe Viceroy, not being licenſed under 
your worſhips hande, nor allowd of: wee doe confeſs 
and herby acknowledge that wee have offended, and 
that it is in your power to puniſhe this offenſe, and are 
very ſorry for it; and doe likewiſe promiſe herby that 
wee will not act any play without your hand or ſubſti- 
tuts hereafter, nor doe any thinge that may prejudice 
the authority of your office: So hoping that this humble 
ſubmiſſion of ours may bee accepted, wee have ther- 
unto ſett our hands. This twentiethe of * 


1624. 
Joſeph Taylor. John Lowen. 
Richard Robinſon, John Shancke. 
Elyard Swanſton. John Rice. 
Thomas Pollard. Will. Rowley. 


Robert Benfeilde. Richard Sharpe. 
George Burght, | 


c Mr. Knight, 

« In many things you have ſaved mee labour; yet 
wher your judgment or penn fayld you, I have made 
boulde to ufe mine. Purge ther parts, as I have the 
booke. And I hope every hearer and player will thinke 
that 1 have done God good ſerviſe, and the quality no 
wronge; who hath no greater enemies than oaths, 
prophaneſs, and publique ribaldry, weh for the future I 
doe abſolutely forbid to bee preſented unto mee in any 


4 In the margin here Sir Henry Herbert has added this note, © "Tis 
entered here for a remembrance againſt their diſorders,” 
play- 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 2809 
playbooke, as you will anſwer it at your perill. 21 
Octob. 1633. 5 | 1 
„This was ſubſcribed to their play of The Tamer 

Tamd, and directed to Knight, their book-keeper. 
The 24 of Octob. 1633, Lowins and Swanſton were 
ſorry for their ill manners, and craved my pardon, 
which J gave them in preſence of Mr. Taylor and Mr. 
Benfeilde:“ | | or : 
After the ſuppreſſion of the theatres, Lowin became 
very poor. In 1652, in conjunction with Joſeph Tay- 
lor, he publiſhed Fletcher's comedy called The Wild 
Gooſe Chaſe, for bread; and in his latter years, he kept 
an inn (Te Three Pidgeons) at Brentford, in which town, 
Wright ſays, he died very olds, But that writer was 
miſtaken with reſpe& to the place of his death, for he 
died in London at the age. of eighty three, and was 
buried in the ground belonging to the pariſh of St. 
Martin in the Fields, March 18, 1658-9. On the 8th of 
the following October adminiſtration of the goods of 
John Lowin was granted to Martha Lowin, I ſuppoſe the 
actor's widow. In the Regiſter of perſons buried in the 
pariſh of Brentford, which I carefully examined, no per- 
_ 5 on name is mentioned between the years 1650, 
and 1660, | 


SAMUEL CROSS.. © 


This actor was probably dead before the year 1600; for 
Heywood, who had himſelf written for the ſtage before 
that time, ſays he had never ſeen him. 


ALEXANDER COOKE. 


From The Platt of the Seven Deadly Sinns, it appears, 
that this ator was on the ſtage before 1588, and was 
the ſtage-heroine. He acted ſome woman's part in Jon- 
ſon's Sejanus, and in The Fox; and we may preſume, 
performed all the principal female characters in our au- 
thor's plays, | 

5 Hiftor. Hiftrion. p. 10. | 
Vor. I. Pa RT II. e SAMUEL 


210 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
SAMUEL GILBURNE. Unknown. 
ROBERT ARMIN 


performed in T he Alchemiſt in 1610, and was alive in 1611, 
ſome verſes having been addreſſed to him in that year 
by John Davies of Hereford; from which he appears 
to have occaſionally performed the part of the Fool or 
Clown ©. 1 6 | : ; 
| He was author of a comedy called The Two Maids of 
More-clacke, f Mortlake it ought to be.] 1609, I have 
alſo a book, called A Ne /t of Ninnies frmply of theme 
ſelves, without compound, by Robert Armin, publiſhed in 
1608. And at Stationers' Hall was entered in the 
ſame year, a book called Phanta/m the Italian Tay- 
lor and his Boy, made by Mr. Armin, ſervant to his 
majeſy. ; ; 
Mr. Oldys, in his Mſ. notes on Langbaine, ſays, that 
« Armin was an apprentice at firſt to a goldſmith in 
Lombard-ftreet.”* He adds, that the means of his 
becoming a player is recorded in Tarleton's jeſts printed 
in 1611, where it appears, this prentice going often 
to a tavern in Gracechurch-ſtreet, to dun the keeper 
thereof, who was a debtor to his maſter, Tarleton, who 
of the maſter of that tavern was now only a lodger in it, 
ſaw ſome verſes written by Armin on the wainſcot, upon 
his maſter's ſaid debtor, whoſe name was Charles Tarle- 
ton, and liked them ſo well, that he wrote others under 
them, prophecying, that as he was, ſo Armin ſhould be: 
therefore, calls him his adopted ſon, to wear the Clown's 
ſuit after him. And fo it fell out, for the boy was ſo 
pleaſed with what Tarleton had written of him, ſo re- 


56 4 To honeſt; gameſome, Reber: Ar mine, 
cc Who tickles the ſpleene like a harmleſs vermin.” 


c Armine, what ſhall I ſay of thee,” but this, 
& Thou art a fool and knave z—both ?—fie, I miſs, 
C And wrong thee much; ſith thou indeed art neither, 


« Although in ſbezo thou playeſt both together,” 
| ſpected 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE, 211 
ſpected his perſon, ſo frequented his plays, and ſo learned 
his humour and manners, that from his private practice 
he came to publick playing his parts; that he was in 
great repute for the ſame at the Globe on the Bank- ſide, 
&c. all the former part of king James's reign.“ 


WILLIAM OSTLER 


had been one of the children of the Chapel; having ated 
in Jonſon's Poetafter, together with Nat. Field and John 
Underwood, in 1601, and is ſaid to have performed wo- 
men's parts. In 1610 both he and Underwood acted as 
men in Ben Jonſon's Alchemift, In Davies's Scourge 
Folly, there are ſome verſes addreſſed to him with this 
title: To the Reſcius of theſe times, William Oſtler.“ 
He acted Antonio in Webſter's Dutche/s of Maljy, in 
1623, Iknow not when he died, | | | 


NATHANIEIL FIELD. 
JOHN UNDERWOOD. 


Both theſe actors had been children of the chapel ?, and 
probably at the Globe and Blackfriars theatres perform- 
ed female parts, Field, when he became too manly to 
repreſent the characters of women, played the part of 
Buſfſy d Ambois in Chapman's play of that name. From 
the preface prefixed to one edition of it, it appears that 
he was dead in 1641. 

There is a good portrait of this performer in Dul- 
wich college, 1n a very fingular dreſs. 

Fleckno in his little tract on the Engliſh Stage, ſpeaks 
of him as an actor of great eminence. A perſon of this 
name was the author of two comedies, called 4 Woman's 
a Weathercack, and Amends for Ladies, and aſſiſted Maſ- 
ſinger in writing The Fatal Dowry, but he ſcarcely 
could have been the player; for the firſt of the comedies 


7 See Cynthia's Revels, 1601, in which they both afted. 
- 7 P 2 above 


212 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


abovementioned was printed in 1612, at which time this 


actor muſt have been yet a youth, having performed as 


one of the Children of the Revels, in Jonſon's Silent Wo- 
mans in 1609. 

The only intelligence I have obtained of John Under- 
wood, beſide what I have already mentioned, is, that he 
performed the part of Delio in The Dutcheſs of Malfy, and 
that he died either in the latter end of the year 1624 or 


the beginning of the following year, having firſt made 


his will, of which the following is a copy: 


In the name of God, Amen. I John Underwood, of 
the pariſh of Saint Bartholomew the Leſs in London, 
gent. being very weak and ſick in body, but, thanks 
be given to Almighty God, in perfect mind and memo- 
ry, do make and declare my laſt will and teſtament, in 


manner and form following: viz. Firft, I commend - 


and commit my ſoul to Almighty God, and my body to 


the earth, to be buried at the diſcretion of my executors ;_ 


and my worldly goods and eſtate which it hath pleaſed 
the Almighty God to bleſs me with, I will, bequeath, 
and diſpote as followeth ; that is to ſay, to and amongſt 
my five children, namely, John Underwood, Elizabeth 


Underwood, Burbage Underwood, Thomas Under- 


wood, and Iſabell Underwood, (my debts and other 
legacies herein named paid, and my funeral and other 
Juit dues and duties diſcharged) all and ſingular my 


goods, houſehold ſtuff, plate and other things whatſo- 


ever in or about my now dwelling houſe, or elſewhere ; 
and alſo all the right, title, or intereſt, part or ſhare, 
that I have and enjoy at this preſent by leaſe or other. 
wiſe, or ought to have, poſſeſs and enjoy in-any manner 
or kind at this preſent or hereafter, within the Black- 
fryars, London, or in the company of his Mties ſervants, 
my loving and kind fellows, in their houſe there, or at 
the Globe on the Bankſide; and alſo that my part and 
ſhare or due in or out of the playhouſe called the Cur- 
taine, ſituate in or near Holloway in the pariſh of St. 
Leonard, London, or in any other place; to my _ 

Ne 


N . ea ne ILAN 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 213 


: | five children, equally and proportionably to be divided 
amongſt them at their ſeveral ages of one and twenty 


years; and during their and every of their minorities, 
for and towards their education, maintenance, and pla- 
Cing in the world, according to the diſcretion, direction, 
and care which I repoſe in my executors. Provided 


always and my true intent and meaning is, that my 


{aid executors ſhall not alienate, change or alter by ſale 
or otherwiſe, directly or indirectly, any my part or ſhare 
which I now have or ought to hold, have, poſſeſs and 
enjoy in the ſaid play-houſes called the Blackfryars, the 
Globe on the Bancke-ſide, and Curtaine aforementioned, 
or any of them, but that the increaſe and benefit out 
and from the ſame and every of them ſhall come, accrue 
and ariſe to my ſaid executors, as now it is to me, to 
the uſe of my ſaid children, equally to be divided 
amongſt them. Provided alſo that if the uſe and in- 
creaſe of my ſaid eſtate given (as aforeſaid) to my ſaid 
children, ſhall prove inſufficient or defectivdè, in reſpect 


of the young years of my children, for their education and 


placing of them as my ſaid executors ſhall think meet, 
then my will and true meaning 1s, that when the eldeſt 
of my ſaid children ſhall attain to the age of one and 
twenty years, my ſaid executors ſhall pay or cauſe to 
be paid unto him or her ſo ſurviving or attaining, his or 
her equal ſhare of my eſtate ſo remaining undiſburſed 
or undiſpoſed for the uſes aforeſaid in their or either of 
their hands, and ſo for every or any of my faid children 
attaining to the age aforeſaid: yet if it ſhall appear or 
ſeem fit at the completion of my ſaid children every or 
any of them at their ſaid full age or ages, which ſhall 
firſt happen, my eſtate remaining not to be equally ſhared 
or diſpoſed amongſt the reſt ſurviving in minority, then 
my will is, that it ſhall be left to my executors to give 
unto my child ſo attaining the age as they ſhall judge 
will be equal to the reſt ſurviving and accompliſhing the 
aforeſaid age; and if any of them ſhall die or depart 
this life before they accompliſh the ſaid age or ages, I 
will and bequeath their part, ſhare or portion to them, 

1 | | him 


214 © HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


him or her ſurviving, at the ages aforeſaid, equally to be 

divided by my executors as aforeſaid. And J do here- 

by nominate and appoint my loving friends (in whom I 

repoſe my truſt for performance of the premiſes) Henry 
Cundell, Thomas Sanford, and Thomas Smith, gentle- 

men, my executors of this my laſt will and teſtament; 

and do intreat my loving friends Mr. John Heminge, 

and John Lowyn, my fellowes, overſeers of the ſame 

my laſt will and teſtament: and I give to my ſaid execu- 

tors and overſeers for their pains (which I intreat them 

to accept) the ſum of eleven ſhillings apiece to buy them 

rings, to wear in remembrance of me. In witneſs 
whereof I have hereunto ſet my hand and ſeal the fourth 

day of October, in the year of our Lord one thouſand - 
fix hundred twenty four. 


JOHN UNDERWOOD. 


A Codicil to be annexed to the laſt will and teſtament 
of John Underwood, late of the pariſh of Little St. Bar- 
tholomew, London, deceaſed, made the tenth day of 
the month of October, Anno Domini one thouſand ſix 
hundred twenty four or thereabouts, viz. his intent and 
meaning was, and ſo he did will, diſpoſe, and bequeath 
(if his eſtate would thereunto extend, and it ſhould ſeem 
convenient to his executors,) theſe particulars following 
in manner and form following: /cz/z. to his daughter 
Elizabeth two ſeal rings of gold, one with a death's 
| head, the other with a red ſtone in it. To his ſon John 
Underwood a ſeal ring of gold with an A anda ; in it. 
To Burbage Underwood a ſeal ring with a blue ſtone in 
it. To Iſabell one hoop ring of gold. To his ſaid ſon 
John one hoop ring of gold. To his ſaid daughter Eli. 
zabeth one wedding ring. To his ſaid ſon Burbage one 
hoop ring, black and gold. To his ſaid ſon Thomas 
one hoop ring of gold, and one gold ring with a knot. 
To his ſaid daughter Iſabell one blue ſaphire and one 
joint ring of gold. To John Underwood one. half dozen 


of filver ſpoons and one gilt ſpoon. To — * 
| ilver 


OF. THE ENGLISH STAGE. 21g 


filver ſpoon and three gilt ſpoons. To Burbage Under. 
wood, his fon aforenamed, one great gilt ſpoon, one 
plain bowl and one rough bowl. To Thomas Under- 
wood his ſon, one ſilver porrenger, one ſilver taſter, and 
one gilt ſpoon, To Iſabell his ſaid daughter, three ſilver 
ſpoons, two gilt ſpoons, and one gilt cap. Which was 
ſo had and done before ſufficient and credible wit- 
neſs, the ſaid teſtator being of perfect mind and me- 


mory. 


Probatum fuit teftamentum ſupraſcriptum una cum 
codicillo eidem annex. apud London, coram judice, 
primo die menſis Februarii, Anno Domini 1624, 
juramento Henrici Cundell, unius executor, cui, Cc. 
de bene, &c. jurat. reſervata poteſtate ſimilem com- 
miſſionem faciendi T home Sandford et I home Smith, 
executoribus etiam in hujuſmodi teſtamento nominate. 
cum venerint eam petitur. | | 


NICHOLAS TOOLEY 


acted Foroboſco in The Dutcheſs of Malfy. From the 
Platt of the Seven Deadly Sinns, it appears, that he ſome- 
times repreſented female characters. He performed in 
The Alchemiſt in 1610. | 


WILLIAM ECCLESTONHDB 


This performer's name occurs for the firſt time in B. 
Jonſon's Alchemift, 1610. No other ancient piece (that 
1 have ſeen) contains any memorial of this actor. 


JOSEPH TAYLOR 


appears from ſome verſes already cited, to have been a 
celebrated actor. According to Downes the prompter, 
he was inſtructed by Shakſpeare to play Hamlet; and 
Wright in his Hiſtoria ä ſays, He * 

4 at 


216 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


that part incomparably well.” From the remem- 
brance of his performance of Hamlet, Sir William D'A+ 
venant 1s ſaid to have conveyed his inſtructions to Mr. 
Betterton. Taylor likewiſe played Iago. He alſo 
performed True-wit in The Silent Woman, Face in The 
Alchymift*, and Moſca in Volpone; but not originally ?. 
He repreſented Ferdinand in The Dutche/s of Malfy, 
after the death of Burbadge. He acted Mathias in The 
Picture, by Maſſinger; Paris in The Roman Actor; the 
Duke in Carlell's Dęſerwving Favourite; Rollo in The 
Bloody Brother; and Mirabel in The Wild Gooſe Chaſe. 
There are verſes by this performer prefixed to Maſſin- 
ger's Roman Actor, 1629. N 

In the year 1614, Taylor appears to have been at 
the head of a diſtinct company of comedians, who were 
diſtinguiſhed by the name of The Lady Elizabeth's Ser- 
wants *, However, he afterwards returned to his old 
friends; and after the death of Burbadge, Heminge and 
Condell, he in conjunction with John Lowin and Eliard 
Swanſton had the principal management of the king's 
company, In Sept. 1639 he was appointed Yeoman of 
the Revels in ordinary to his Majeſty, in the room of 
Mr. William Hunt. There. were certain perquiſites 
annexed to this office, and a ſalary of ſixpence a day, 
When he was in attendance on the king he had 31. 
6s. 8d. per month. | 

I find from Fleckno's Characters, that Taylor died 
either in the year 1653 or in the following year“: and 
according to Wright he was buried at Richmond. The 
Regiſter of that pariſh antecedent to the. Reſtoration, 
being loſt, I am unable to aſcertain that fact. He was 


8 Hift. Hiſtrion. 
9 Taylor's name does not occur in the liſt of actors printed by Jon- 
ſon at the end of Volpone. | 
* Mf. Virtue, | 
1 « He is one, who now the ſtage is down, acts the paraſite's part at 
table; and, ſince Taylor's death, none can play Moſca ſo vell as he.” 
Cbaracter of one who imitates the good companion another wway. In the 
edition of Fleckno's Characters, printed in 1665, he ſays, this charac-” 
ter was written in 1654. Taylor was alive in 1652, having publiſhed 
The Wild Gooſe Chaſe in that year. 
probably 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 217 


probably near ſeventy years of age at the time of his 


* 
* 


death. 
He is ſaid by ſome to have painted the only original 
icture of Shakſpeare now extant, in the poſſeſſion of the 
duke of Chandos. By others, with more probability, 
Richard Burbadge is reported to have been the painter: 
for among the pictures in Dulwich college is one, which, 
in the catalogue made in the time of Charles the Second 
by Cartwright the player, 1s ſaid to have been painted 
by Burbadge. 5 


ROBERT BENFIELE 


appears to have been a ſecond-rate ator. He performed 
Antonio in The Dutcheſs of Malfy, after the death of 
Oſtler. He alſo aQed the part of the King in The De- 
ſerving Favourite; Ladiſlaus in The Pi&ure; Junius 
Ruſticus in The Roman Actor; and De-gard in The Wild 
Gooſe Chaſe. „ 3 

He was alive in 1647, being one of the players who 
ſigned the dedication to the folio edition of Fletcher's 
plays, publithed in that year. | 


ROBERT GOUGHE, 


This actor at an early period performed female cha. 
racters, and was, I ſuppoſe, the father of Alexander Goughe, 
wno in this particular followed Robert's ſteps. In The 
Seven Deadly Sins, Robert Goughe played Aſpatia; but 
in the year 1611 he had arrived at an age which entitled 
him to repreſent male characters; for in The Second 
Mai dens Tragedie*, which was produced in that year, he 
performed the part of the uſurping tyrant. | 


RICHARD ROBINSON 


is ſaid by Wright to have been a comedian. He acted 
in Jonſon's Catiline in 1611; and, it ſhould ſeem from 
2 paſſage in The Devil is an As, [Act II. fc, viii. ] 1616, 


2 MC, in the collection of the Marquis of Lanſdown. See p. 77. 83 
| 7 nat 


ks 


218 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


that at that time he uſually repreſented female charac. 
ters. In The Second Maidens Tragedie, he repreſented 
the Lady of Govianus, I have not learned what parts 
in our author's plays were performed by this actor. In 
The Deſerving Favourite, 1629, he played Orlinio ; 
and in The Wild Gooſe Chaſe La-Caſtre. In Maſſinger's 
Roman Actor, he. performed Æſopus; and in T he Dutcheſs 
of Malfy, after the retirement of Condell, he played the 
Cardinal. Hart, the celebrated actor, was originally 
his boy or apprentice. Robinſon was alive in 1647, his 
name being ſigned, with ſeveral others, to the dedica- 
tion prefixed to the firſt folio edition of Fletcher's plays. 
In the civil wars he ſerved in the king's army, and was 
killed in an engagement, by Harriſon, who was after- 
wards hanged at Charing-Croſs. Harriſon refuſed him 
quarter, after he had laid down his arms, and ſhot him 
in the head, ſaying at the ſame time, Curſed is he 


that doth the work of the Lord negligently .“ 
JOHN SHANCKE 


was, according to Wright, a comedian. He was but in 
a low claſs, having performed the part of the Curate in 
Fletcher's Scornful Lady, and that of Hillario (a ſervant) 
in The Wild Gooſe Chaſe. He was a dramatick author 
as well as an actor, having produced a comedy entitled 
Shanke's Ordinary, which was acted at Blackfriars in the 


year 1023-4 *, | | 
JOHN RICE. 


The only information I have met with concerning this 
player, is, that he repreſented the Marquis of Peſcara, 
an inconſiderable part in Webſter's Dutche/5 of Malfy, 
He was perhaps brother to Stephen Rice, clerk, who 1s 
mentioned in the will of John Heminge. 7 

The foregoing lift is ſaid in the firſt folio to contain 
the names of the principal actors in theſe plays. 


3 Hip. Hiftriows p. 8. LR x 
4 % For the kings company. Shankes Ordinarie, written by Shankes 


himſelfe, this 16 Maich, x623,—L£. 1. O. 0,” Mſ. Herbert. 
| | Beſide 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 219 


Befide theſe, we know that John Wilſon played an in- 
ſignificant part in Much ado about nothing. 


Gabriel was likewiſe an inferior actor in theſe plays, 
as appears from the Third Part of King Henry VI., 
p- 150, edit. 1623, where we find“ Enter Gabriel.“ 

In the correſponding place in the old play entitled The 
True Tragedie of Richarde Duke of Yorke, &c. we have 
* Enter a Meſenger.“ Sinkler or Sinclo, and Hum- 
phrey 5, were likewiſe players in the ſame theatre, and 
of the ſame claſs. William Barkfted ©, John Dake, and 
Chriſtopher Beeſton?, alſo belonge to this company. 
The latter from the year 1624 to 1638, when he died, 
was manager of the Cockpit theatre in Drury- lane. 

In a book of the laſt age of no great authority, we 
are told that the infamous Hugh Peters, after he had 
been expelled from the Univerſity of Cambridge, went 
to London, and enrolled himſelf as a player in Shak- 
ſpeare's company, in which he uſually performed the 
part of the Clown.” Hugh Peter (for that was his 
name, not Peters, as he was vulgarly called by his 
contemporaries,) was born at Fowey or Foye in Corn- 
wall in 1599, and was entered of Trinity College, 
in Cambridge, in the year 1613. In 1617 he took 
the degree of Bachelor of Arts, and that of Maſter of 
Arts in 1622. On the 23d of December 1621, as 1 find 
from the Regiſtry of the Biſhop of London, he was or- 
dained a deacon, by Dr. Mountaitie then biſhop of that 
ſee; and on June 8, 1623, he was ordained a prieſt. 
During his reſidence at Trinity college, he behaved fo 
improperly, that he was once publickly whipped for his 
inſolence and contumacy* ; bat I do not find that he was 


5 In The Third Part of King Henry VI, p. 158, firſt folio, the 
following ſtage-direQtion is found; „ Enter Sinklo and Humphrey. 
In the old play in quarto, entitled The true tragedie of Richarde duke 
of Yorke, © Enter i400 keepers.” 

© He was one of the children of the Revels. See the Dramatis Per- 
on of Ben Jonſon's Silent Woman, 

7 Dramatis Perſoræ of Every man in his humour, 

# Warton's Milton, p. 432. 


4 expelled. 


220 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


expelled. It is, however, not improbable that he was 
ruſticated for a time, for ſome miſconduct; and perhaps 
in that interval, inſtead of retiring to his parent's houſe 
In Cornwall, his reſtleſs ſpirit carried him to London, 
and induced him to tread the ſtage. If this was the caſe, 
it probably happened about the time of our author's 
death, when Hugh Peter was about eighteen years 
old. | 
Langbaine was undoubtedly miſtaken in ſuppoſing 
that Edward Alleyn was “an ornament to Blackfriars. 
Wright, who was much better acquainted with the an- 
cient ſtage, ſays, he never heard that Alleyn acted 
there: and the liſt in the firſt folio edition of our au- 
thor's plays proves deciſively that he was not of his com- 
pany ; for ſo celebrated a performer could not have been 
overlooked, when that liſt was forming. So early as in 
1593, we find“ Ned Alleyn's company mentioned *.“ 
Alleyn was ſole proprietor and manager of the Fortune 
theatre, in which he performed from 1599 (and perhaps 
before) till 1616, when, I believe, he quitted the ſtage. 
He was ſervant to the Lord Admiral (Nottingham) : all 
the old plays therefore which are ſaid to have been per- 
formed by the Lord Admirals Servants, were repreſented 


at the Fortune by Alleyn's company *. 
- THE 
P. 197, n. 5. 


3 In a former edition I had ſaid, on the authority of Mr. Oldys, 
that ( Edward Alleyn, the player, mentions in his Diary, that he once 
had ſo ſlender an audience in his theatre called the Fortune, that the 
whole receipt of the houſe amounted to no more than three pounds 
and ſome odd ſhillings.” But I have fince ſeen Alleyn's Diary, (which 
was then miſlaid,) and find Mr, Oldys was miſtaken, The memoran- 
dum on which the intelligence conveyed by the Librarian of Dulwich 
College to that Antiquary, was founded, is as follows: e Oct. 3, 1617. 
J1 went to the Red Bull, and rd. for The Younger Brother but 

* 4. 6, 4. DE, 

452 appears from one of Lord Bacon's Letters that Alleyn had in 1618 
left the ſtage. Allen that was the player, he calls him. The 
money therefore which he mentions to have received for the play of 
The Younger Brother, muſt have been the produce of the ſecond 
day's repreſentation, in conſequence of his having ſold the property of 


that piece to the ſharers in the Red Bull theatre, or being in ſome 
| : | other 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 221 


TX hiſtory of the ſtage as far as it relates to Shak- 
ſpeare, naturally divides itſelf into three periods: 
the period which preceded his appearance as an actor or 
dramatick writer; that during which he flourithed ; and 
the time which has elapſed fince his death. Having now 
gone through the two former of theſe periods, I ſhall 
take a tranſient view of the ſtage from the death of our 
great poet to the year 1741, ftill with a view to Shak. 
ipeare, and his works, 

Soon after his death, four of the principal companies 
then ſubſiſting, made a union, and were afterwards call- 
ed the United Companies; but I know not preciſely in 
what this union conſiſted, I ſuſpect it aroſe from a 
penury of actors, and that the managers contracted to 
permit the performers in each houſe occaſionally to aſſiſt 
their brethren in the other theatres in the repreſentation 
of plays. We have already ſeen that John Heminge 
in 1618 pay'd Sir George Buck, ** in the name of the 
four companys, for a lenten diſpenſation in the holydaies, 
448.; and Sir Henry Herbert obſerves that the play 
called Come ſee a Vonder, written by John Daye for a 
company of ſtrangers,”” and repreſented Sept. 18, 1623, 
was „ acted at the Red Bull, and licenſed without his 
hand to it, becauſe they [i. e. this company of ſtrangers] 
were none of the four companys.” The old comedy en- 
titled Amends for Ladies, as appears from its title-page, 
was ated at Blackfriars before the year 1618, both 
by the Prince's ſervants and Lady Elizabeth's,” though 


other way entitled to a benefit from it. Alleyn's own play-houſe, 
the Fortune, was then open, but I imagine, he had ſold of his 
raperty in it to a kinſman, one Thomas Allen, an actor likewiſe, In 
his Diary he frequently mentions his going from Dulwich to London 
after dinner, and ſupping with him and ſome of “ ebe Fortune's men. 
From this Mſ. I expected to have learned ſeveral particulars relative to 
our ancient ſtage; but unluekily the Diary does not commence till the 
year 1617, (at which time he had retired to his College at Dulwich,) 
and contains no theatrical intelligence whatſoever, except the article 
already quoted, | | 
; — the 


222 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
the theatre at Blackfriars then belonged to the king's 
ſervants. | | | 

After the death of Shakſpeare, the plays of Fletcher 
appear for ſeveral years to have been more admired, or 
at leaſt to have been more frequently acted, than thoſe 
of our poet. During the latter part of the reign of 
James he Firſt, Fletcher's pieces had the advantage of 
novelty to recommend them. TI believe, between the 
time of Beaumont's death in 1615 and his own in 162 5, 
this poet produced at leaſt twenty-five plays. Sir Aſton 
Cokain has informed us, in his poems, that of the thirty- 
five pieces improperly aſcribed to Beaumont and Fletcher 
in the folio edition of 1647, much the greater part were 
written after Beaumont's death?; and his account is 
partly confirmed by Sir Henry Herbert's Manuſcript, 
from which it appears that Fletcher produced eleven 
new plays in the laſt four years of his life. If we were 
poſſeſſed of the Regiſter kept by Sir George Buck, we 
ſhould there, I make no doubt, find near twenty dramas 
written by the ſame author in the interval between 161 
and 1622. As, to aſcertain the ſhare which each of theſe 
writers had in the works which have erroneouſly gone 
under their joint names, has long been a defideratum in 
dramatick hiſtory, I ſhall here ſet down as perfect a lift 
as I have been able to form of the pieces produced by 
Fletcher in his latter years. 


| For what a foul 
cc And jnexcuſable fault it is, (that whole 
& Polume of plays being almoſt every one 
« After the deatb of Beaumont writ, ) that none 
& Would certifie them ſo much?“ 
Verſes addreſſed by Sir Aſton Cokain to Mr. 


Charles Cotton. 


2 CE — 


See alſo his verſes addreſſed to Mr. Humphry Moſeley and Mr, Hum» 


phry Robinſon : | 5 
| 6& In the large book of playes you late did print 
”. © In Beaumont and in Fletcher's name, why in't 
cc Did you not juſtice ? give to each his due? 
46 For Beaumont of thoſe many writ in few; 
cc And Maſlinger in other few; the main 
Being ſole iflues of ſweet Fletcher's brain.“ 


The 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 223 


The Honeſt Man's Fortune, though it appeared firſt in 
the folio 1647, was one of the few pieces in that collec- 
tion, which was the joint production of Beaumont and 
Fletcher. It was firſt performed at the Globe theatre in 
the year 1613, two years before the death of Beaumont *. 

he Loyal Subject was the ſole production of Fletcher, 
and was firſt repreſented in the year 1618. 

It appears from Sir Henry Herbert's Manuſcript that 
the new plays whieh Fletcher had brought out in the 
courſe of the year, were generally preſented at court at 
Chriſtmas, As therefore The land Princeſs, The Pil- 
grim, and The Wild Gooſe Chaje are found among the 
court exhibitions of the year 1621, we need not helitate 
to aſcribe theſe pieces allo to the ſame poet, The Wild- 
Goo/e Chaſe, though abſurdly 3 under the joint 
names of Beaumont and Fletcher, is expreſsly aſcribed 
to the latter by Lowin and Taylor, the actors who pub- 
liſhed it in 1652. The Beggar's Bufh, being alſo ated at 
court in 1622, was probably written by Fletcher, The 
Tamer tamed is expreſsly call'd his by Sir Henry Her- 
bert, as is the Mad Lower by Sir Afton Cokain: and it 
appears from the manuſcript ſo often quoted that The 
Night-Walker and Love's Pilgrimage, having been left 
imperfect by Fletcher, were corrected and finiſhed by 
Shirley. | | 

I have now given an account of nine of the pieces in 
which Beaumont appears to have had no ſhare ; and ſub- 
join a liſt of eleven other plays written by Fletcher, (with 
the aſſiſtance of Rowley in one only,) preciſely in the 
order in which they were licenſed by the Maſter of the 
Revels. - | 

1622, May 14, he produced a new play called The 

Propheteſs. | 
June 22, The Sea Voyage, This piece was 
ated at the Globe. 
October 24, The Spaniſh Curate. Acted at 
Blackfriars. 


* A Manuſcript copy of this play is now before me, marked 13. 
LE NT” 1023. 


br 17 


224 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
1623. Auguſt 29, The Maid of the Mill, written by 
Fletcher and Rowley; ated at the Globe. 
October 17, The Dewill of Dowgate, or Ujury 
put to uſe, Acted by the king's ſervants. This 
| is loſt, 1 | 
ecemb. 6. The Wandering Lovers; acted at 
| Blackfriars. This piece is alſo loſt. 
1624. May 27, A Wife for a Month. Acted by the 
King's ſervants. 
Octob. 19. Rule a Wife and have a Wife. 
1625-6, January 22. The Fair Maid of the Inn. Acted 
at Blackfriars. : | | 
Feb. 3. The Noble Gentleman. Acted at the 
ſame theatre. 
In a former page an account has been given of the 
court-exhibitions in 1622. In Sir Henry Herbert's 
Office-book I find the following Note of ſuch playes 
as were acted at court in 1623 and 1624, which con- 
firms what I have ſuggeſted, that the plays of Shak - 


ſpeare were then not ſo much admired as thoſe of the 


poets of the day. . | 
«© Upon Michelmas night att Hampton court, TheMayd 
of the Mill by the K. Company. | 
«© Upon Allhollows night at St. James, the prince 
being there only, The Mayd of the Mill againe, with re- 
formations. 1 
Upon the fifth of November att Whitehall, the 
prince being there only, The Giphhe, by the Cockpitt 
company. 
* Upon St. Stevens daye, the king and prince being 
there, The Mayd of the Mill by the K. company. Att 
Whitehall. | | | 
Upon St. Johns night, the prince only being there, 
The Bondman by the queene [ot Bohemia's] company. 
Att Whitehall. ; | 
«© Upon Innocents night, falling out upon a Sonday, 
The Buck is a theif, the king and prince being there. 
By the kings company, Att Whitehall. 
« Upon New-years might, by the K, * 
8 0 


vn . 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 225 
The Wandering Lowers, the prince only being there. Att 
Whitehall. 

pon the Sonday after, beinge the 4 of January 
1623, by the Queene of Bohemias company, The Changes 
linge; the prince only being there. Att Whitehall. 

% Upon Twelfe night, the maſke being putt of, More 
diſſemblers befides Nomen, by the kings company, the 
prince only being there, Att Whitehall. 

To the Ducheſs of Richmond, in the kings abſence, 

was given The Winters Tale, by the K. companys the 

18 Janu. 1623. Att Whitehall. 

Upon All-hollows night, 1624, the king beinge at 

Roiſton, no play. 

The night after, my Lord Chanaticelts had Rule à 
wife and have a wife for the ladys, by the king's com- 

| pany. 

w Upon St. Steevens night, the prince only being 
there, [was ated] Rule a wife and have a wife, by the 
King's company. Att Whitehall. 
| «© Upon St. Johns night, [the prince] and the duke of 
| Brinfwick being there, The Fox, by the 

Att Whitehall. 

«© Upon Innocents night, the 8 and the duke 
of Brunſwyck being there, Cupids Revenge, by the 
Queen of Bohemias Servants, Att Whitehall, 1624. 

Upon New-years night, the prince only being 
there, The firſt part of Sir John Falſtaſf, by the king's 
company. Att Whitehall, 1624. - 

++ Upon Twelve night, the Maſque being putt of; 
and the prince only there, Tu 2uoque, by the Queene of 
Bohemias ſervants. Att Whitehall, 1624. 

Upon the Sonday night following, being the ninthe 
of January, 1624, the Maſque was performd. 

* On Candlemas night the 2 Fe ruary' no play, tlie 
king being att Newmarket.” 


dy 


From the time when Sir Henry Herbert came itito the 
office of the Revels to 1642, when the theatres were ſhut 
up, hs Manuſcript does not furniſh us with a regular 


* cc The worſt play that etre I ſaw,” ſays the writer, in a marginal note. 


Vol. I. PAR II. "a account 


226 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
account of the plays exhibited at court every year. Such, 
however, as he has given, I ſhall now ſubjoin, together 


with a few anecdotes which he has preſerved, relative to 


ſome of the works of our poet and the dramatick writers 
who immediately ſucceeded him. . 

For the king's players. An olde playe called Win- 
ters Tale, formerly allowed of by Sir George Bucke, and 
likewyſe by mee on Mr. Hemmings his worde that there 
was nothing prophane added or reformed, thogh the 
allowed booke was miſſinge; and therefore I returned itt 
without a fee, this 19 of Auguſt, 1623. | 

«« For the king's company. 7% Hiftorye of Henry the 

Firſt", written by Damport [Davenport]; tkis 10 April, 
* 1624,—L. I. o. o. 


% For the king's company. An olde play called The | 


Honeſt Mans Fortune, the originall being loſt, was re- 
allowed by mee at Mr. Taylor's iatreaty, and on con- 


dition to give mee a booke [The Arcadia], this 8 


Februa. 1624. | 
The manuſcript copy of the Honeſt Man's Fortune is 
now before me, and is dated 1613. It was therefore 


probably the joint production of Beaumont and Fletcher. 


Tais piece was acted at the Globe, and the copy which 
Had boen licenſed by Sir George Buc, was without doubt 
deſtroyed by the fire which conſumed that theatre in the 


year 1613. The allowed copy of The Winter's Tale was 


probably deſtroyed at the ſame time. | | 
 & 17 July, 1626. [Received] from Mr. Hemmings 
for a courteſie done him about their Blackfriers hous, 

. 3 ©, O. : £ 

«© [Received] from Mr. Hemming, in their com- 
pany's name, to forbid: the playing of Shakeſpeares plays, 
to the Red Bull Company, this 11 of Aprill, 1627, 
4. Fo O. O. ; 

« This day, being the 11 of Janu. 1630, I did re- 
fuſe to allow of a play of Meſſinger's , becauſe itt did 

5 contain 


1 This play in a late entry on the Stationers books was aſcribed by 
# fraudulent bookſeller to Shakſpeare. : l 
2 Maſſinger's Duke of Millaine and Virgin Martyr were printed in 


1623. It appears from the office-book of Sir Henry Herbert that 


+ his other plays were produced in the following order; 


The 


P Eee 8 
N (1887 5 


en . . 
N ES AE 


r 5 
— 


8 D 


ee eee 
Mt . - 


* D 


N. ee 


—＋ 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 227 
contain dangerous matter, as the depoſing of Sebaſtian 
king of Portugal, by Phillip the [ Second, ] and ther being 

a peace 


N The Bondman, Dec. 3, 1623. Acted at the Cockpit in Drury 
ane. | : | 
The Renegado, or the Gentleman of Venice, April 17, 1624. Acted 
at the Cockpitt. | | 
The Parliament of Live, Nov. 3, 1624. Acted at the Cockpit. 
Of this play the laſt four acts are yet extant in manuſcript. 
The Spaniſh Viceroy, acted in 1624. This play is loſt. . 
The Roman Actor, October 11, 1626. Acted by the king's 
Company. | 8 | | 
The Judge, June 6, 1627. Acted by the king's company, This 
lay is loſt. | 
l 7 he Great Duke was licenſed for the Queen's Servants, July 5, 
1627. This was, I apprehend, the Great Duke of Florence, which 
was acted by that company. : 
The Honour of Women was licenſed May 6, 1628. I ſuſpe& that 
this was the original name of The Maid of Honour, which was printed 
in 1631, though not entered for the ſtage in Sir Henry Herbert's 
book. a 
The Picture, June 8, 1629. Acted by the king's company. 
Miner vat Sacrifice, Nov. 3, 1629. Acted by the king's companys 
This play is loſt, Os - 
| The Emperor of the Eaſt, March 11, 1630-31. Acted by the king's 


company. 


Believe as you lift, May 7, 1631. Acted by the king's company. 
This play is loſt. Yael „ 

The Unfortunate Piety, June 13, 1631. Acted by the king's com- 
pany. This play is loſt. | 

The Fatal Dowry does not appear to have been licenſed for the 
ſtage under that title, but was printed in 1632. It was acted by the 
king's company. | | | 

The City Madam, May 25, 1632. Acted by the king's company. 

A newy way to pay old debts does not appear to have been licenſed 
for the ſtage; but was printed in Nov. 1632. 
The Guardian was licenſed, Octob. 31, 1633. Acted by the king's 
company. — 

The Tragedy of Cleander, May 7, 1634. Acted by the king's com- 
pany. This play is loſt, _ 
A Very Woman, June 6, 1634, Acted by the king's company. 

The Orator, Jan. 10, 1634-5. Acted by the king's company. 
This play is loſt, 

The Baſbful Lover, May q, 1636. AQted by the king's company. 

The King and the SutjeR, June 5, 1638. Adted by the ſame com- 
pany. This title, Sir Henry Herbert ſays, was changed, I ſuſpect it 
was new named The Tyrant. The play is lot. 

- Qs Several 


228 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


a peace ſworen twixte the kings of England and Spayne. 
I had my fee notwithſtandinge, which belongs to me for 
the reading itt over, andought to be brought always with 
the booke. 
% Received of Knights, for allowing of Ben Johnſons 
play called Humours reconciÞd, or the Magnetick Lady, to 
bee acted, this 12th of Octob. 1632, C. 2. 0. 0. 
«© 18 Nov. 1632. In the play of The Ball, written b 
Sherley*, and acted by the Queens players, ther were 
| divers 


Alexius, or the Cbaſte Lower, Sept. 25, 1639. Acted by the king's 
company. 

The Fair Anchoreſs of Paufilippo, Jan. 26, 1639-40. Acted by 
the king's company. . 

Several other pieces by this author were formerly in poſſeſſion of 
John Warburton, Eſq. Somerſet Herald, but I know not when they 
were written. Their titles are, Antorio and Vallia, The Woman's 
Plot, Philenzo and Hippolita, Taſte and Welcome. 

3 The book-keeper of Blackfriars' playhouſe. The date of this 
piece of Ben Jonſon has hitherto been unaſcertained. Immediately 
after this entry is another, which accounts for the defect of ſeveral leaves 
in the edition of Lord Brooke's Poems, 1633 : © Received from Henry 
Seyle for allowinge a booke of verſes of my lord Brooks, entitled Re- 


\ 


ligion, Humane Learning, Warr, and Honor, this 17 of October 1632, 


in mony, C. 1. o. o: in books to the value of C. 1. 4. o.”—In all 
the publiſhed copies twenty leaves on the ſubje& of Religion, are want- 
ing, having been cancelled, probably by the order of Archbiſhop Laud. 
The ſubſequent entry aſcertains the date of Cowley's earlieſt pro- 
duction: | | 
6. More of Seyle, for allowinge of two other ſmall peeces of verſes 
for the preſs, done by a boy of this town called Cow L Ex, at the ſame 
time, C. o. 10. o.“ 
4 Such of the plays of Shirley as were regiſtered by Sir Henry Her- 
bert, were licenſed in the following order: f 
Love Tricks, with Complements, Feb. 10, 1624-5, 
Mayds Revenge, Feb. 9, 1625-6. | 
The Brothers, Nov. 4, 1626. 
The Wity Fair one, Octob. 3, 1628. 
The Faitt ful Servant, Nov. 3, 1629. 
The Trayt:r. May 4, 1631. 
The Duke, May 17, 1631. 
Loves Cruelty, Nov. 14, 1631. 
The Changes, Jan. 10, 1631-2. 
Hyde Park, April 20, 1632. 
The Ball, Novæ 16, 1632. 
The Bewwties, Jan. 21, 1632 · 3. 


Tbe | 


. 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 229 


divers perſonated ſo naturally, both of lords and others of 
| the court, that I took it ill, and would have forbidden 
the play, but that Biſton [Chriſtopher Beeſton] promiſte 
many things which I found faulte withall ſhould be left 
out, and that he would not ſuffer it to be done by the 
poett any more, who deſerves to be puniſht ; and the firſt 
that offends in this kind, of poets or players, ſhall be 
ſure of publique puniſhment. 

«6 R. for allowinge of The Tale of the Tubb, Vitru 
Hoop's parte wholly ſtrucke out, and the motion of the 
tubb, by commande from my lord chamberlin ; excep- 
tions being taken againſt it by Inigo Jones, ſurveyor of 
the kings workes, as a perſonal injury unto him, May 
7, 1633. L. 2. . 0.” | 

In this piece, of which the preciſe date was hitherto un- 
known, Fitru Hoop, 1. e. Vitruvius Hoop, undoubtedly 
was intended to repreſent Inigo Jones. | 
The comedy called The Yonge Admirall, being free 
from oaths, prophanels, or obſceanes, hath given mee 
much delight and ſatisfaction in the readinge, and may 
| | ferve for a patterne to other poetts, not only for the bet- 
f tring of maners and language, but for the improvement 

| ol the quality, which hath received ſome bruſhings of late. 

«© When Mr. Sherley hath read this approbation, I 
know it will encourage him to purſue this beneficial and 
cleanly way of poetry, and when other poetts heare and 
ſee his good ſucceſs, I am confident they will imitate 


The Young Admiral, July 3, 1633, 
The Gameſicr, Nov. 11, 1633. 
5 | The Example, June 24, 1634. 

The Opportunity, Nov. 29, 1634. 
The Coronation, Feb. 6, 1634-5. | 
Chabot, Admiral of France, April 29, 1635. 
The Lady of Pleaſure, Octob. 15, 1635. 
The Dukes M ſtreſs, Jan. 18, 1635-6, 
The Royal Maſter, April 23. 1638. 
The Gentleman of Veniſe, 30 Octob. 1639. 
Roſania, 1 June, 1640, | 
The Impoſtor, Nov. 10, 1640. 
The Politique Father, May 26, 16474 
| The Cardinall, Nov. 25, 1641 E - 
j The Siſters, Apr l 26, 1642. 
| 2 22 tas 


| 
230 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


the original for their own credit, and make ſuch copies 
in this 3 way, as ſhall ſpeak them maſters in their 
art, at the firſt ſight, to all judicious ſpectators. It may 
be acted this 3 July, 1633. | oP 


„ have entered this allowance, for direction to my 


ſucceſſor, and for example to all poetts, that ſhall write 


after the date hereof. 

«© Received of Biſton, for an ould play called 
Hymens Holliday, newly revived at their houſe, being 
a play given unto him for my uſe, this 15 Aug. 1633, 
C. 3. o. o. Received of him for ſome alterations in 
It, „ 1. o. ©. 


Meetinge with him at the ould exchange, he gave 


my wife a payre of gloves, that coſt him at leaſt twenty 
Millings. 3 | | | 
Upon a ſecond petition of the players to the High 
Commiſſion court, wherein they did mee right in my 
care to purge their plays of all offenſe, my lords Grace 
of Canterbury beſtowed many words upon mee, and 
diſcharged mee of any blame, and layd the whole fault 
of their play called The Magnetick Lady, upon the players. 
This happened the 24 of Octob. 1633, at Lambeth. 
In their firſt petition they would have excuſed them- 
ſelves on mee and the poett.“ 5 
« On Saterday the 17th of Novemb. 5, being the 
Queens birth day, Richard the Thirde was acted by the 
K. players at St. James, wher the king and queene 
were preſent, it being the firſt play the queene ſawe 
ſince her M. ys delivery of the Duke of York. 1633. 


« On tuſday the igth of November, being the 


king's birth-day, The Yong Admirall was acted at St. 
ames by the queen's players, and likt by the K. and 


ueen. 


7. The Kings players ſent mee an ould booke of 


Fletchers called The Loyal Subject, formerly allowed by 
Sir George Bucke, 16 Novemb. 1618, which according 
to their deſire and agreement I did peruſe, and with ſome 


s This is a miſtake, It ſhould be the 16th of November. She was 
born Nov. 16, 1609. | | * 5 
+;  Toformations 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 231 


reformations allowed of, the 23 of Nov. 1633, for which 


they ſent mee according to their promiſe C. 1. o. o. 


On tuſday night at Saint James, the 26 of No- 


vemb. 1633, was acted before the King and Queene, 
The 989 the Shrew. Likt. 1 5 | 
„ On thurſday night at St. James, the 28 of Novemb. 
1533, was acted before the King and Queene, The Tamer 
Tamd, made by Fletcher. Very well likt. 

On tuſday night at Whitehall the 10 of Decemb, 
1633, was acted before the King and Queen, The Loyal 
Sulject, mode by Fletcher, and very well likt by the king. 

FL Monday night the 16 of December, 1633, at 
Whitehall was acted before the King and Queen, Hy- 


mens Holliday or Cupids Fegarys, an ould play of Row- 


leys. Likte. | 
© On Wenſday night the firſt of January, 1633, Cym- 
beline was acted at Court by the Kings players. Well 
likte by the kinge. | 
„ On Monday night the ſixth of January and the 
Twelfe Night, was preſented at Denmark-houſe, before 
the King and Queene, Fletchers paſtorall called The 
Faithfull Shepheardeſſe, in the clothes the Queene had 
given Taylor the yeare before of her owne paſtorall. 
The ſcenes were fitted to the paſtorall, and made, 
by Mr. Inigo Jones, in the great chamber, 1633. 
„This morning being the gth of January, 1633, the 
kinge was pleasd to call mee into his' withdrawinge 


chamber to the windowe, wher he went over all that I had 


croſte in Davenants play-booke, and allowing of fairh 


and /ighr to bee aſſeverations only, and no oathes, markt 


them ta ſtande, and ſome other few things, but in the 
greater part allowed of my reformations. This was done 
upon a complaint of Mr. Endymion Porters in December. 

“ The kinge is pleasd to take faith, death, flight, 
for aſſeverations, and no oaths ), to which I doe humbly 


5 In the margin the writer adds The firſt ould play ſent mee ta 
be peruſed by the K. players“ 

7 In a ſmall tract of the laſt age, of which I have forgot the title, 
we are told, that Charles the Second, being reprimanded by one of 
his biſhops for frequently introducing profane oaths in his diſcourſe, 
gefended himſelf by ſaying, “ Your To ſwore twice more wa r do,” 

= ubmit 


232 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


ſubmit as my maſters judgment ; but under favour con- 
ceive them to be oaths, and enter them here, to declare 


my opinion and ſubmiſſion. 
„ The 10 of January, 1633, I returned unto Mr. 
— his play-booke of The Witts, corrected by the 
nge. | 1 
*The kinge would not take the booke at Mr. Por- 
ters hands; but commanded him to bring it unto mee, 
which he did, and likewiſe commanded Davenant to 
come to mee for it, as I believe; otherwiſe he would 
not have byn ſo civill. „„ 
*«. The Guardian, a play of Mr. Meſſengers, was ated 
at court on Sunday the 12 January, 1633, by the Kings 
players, and well likte. | 


« The Tale of the Tub was ated on tuſday night at 


Court, the 14 Janua. 1633, by the Queenes players, and 
not likte. | | h OS 

« The Winters Tale was ated on thurſday night at 
Court, the 16 Janu. 1633, by the K. players, and likt. 

% The Witis was ated on tuſday night the 28 Janu- 
_ ary, 1633, at Court, before the Kinge and Queene. 
Well likt. It had a various fate on the ſtage, and at 
court, though the kinge commended the language, but 
diſlikt the plott and characters. 


« The Night-walkers was acted on thurſday night the 


30 Janu. 1633, at Court, before the King and Queen, 
Likt as a merry play. Made by Fletcher. 


„The Inns of court gentlemen preſented their maſque . 


at court, before the kinge and queene, the 2 February, 
1633, and performed it very well. Their ſhew through 
the ſtreets was glorious, and in the nature of a triumph. — 
Mr. Surveyor Jones invented and made the ſcene ; Mr. 
Sherley the poett made the proſe and verſe. 

«© On thurſday night the 6 of Febru, 1633, The Game- 
fer was acted at Court, made by Sherley, out of a plot of 
the king's, given him by mee; and well likte. The king 
ſayd it was the beſt play he had ſeen for ſeven years. 


8 In a former page the following entry is found: | 

« For a play of Fletchers corrected by Sherley, called The Nigb: 
#alkers, the 21 May, 1633, C. 2. o. o. For the queen's n 
v»- A - . . "Hae 5 , - 4 3 5 8 . S CC n 


— — 


- Pe — — — * ace 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 233 


6 On Shrovetuſday night, the 18 of February, 1633, 
the Kinge dancte his Maſque, accompanied with 11 lords, 
and attended with 10 pages. It was the nobleſt maſque _ 
of my time to this day, the beſt poetrye, beſt ſcenes, 
and the beſt habitts. The kinge and queene were very 
well pleasd with my ſervice, and the Q was pleasd to 
tell mee before the king, Pour les habits, elle n'avoit 
jamais rien veu de ſi brave.“ | 

« Buſſy d' Amboyſe was playd by the king's players on 
Eaſter-monday night, at the Cockpitt in court. 

« The Paſtorall was playd by the king's players on 
Eaſter-tuſday night, at the Cockpitt in court. 

« I committed Cromes, a broker in Longe Lane, 


the 16 of Febru. 1634, to the Marſhalley, for lending a 


church-robe with the name of I Es us upon it to the play- 
ers in Saliſbury Court, to preſent a Flamen, a prieſt of 


the heathens. Upon his petition of ſubmiſſion, and 


acknowledgment of his faulte, I releasd him, the 17 
Febr. 1634. 1 

«© The Second part of Arwviragus and Philicia playd 
at court the 16 Febru. 1635, with great approbation of 
K. and Queene. 

« The Silent Woman playd at Court of St. James on 
thurſday ye 18 Febr. 1635, 

«© On Wenſday the 23 of Febru. 1635, the Prince 
d'Amours gave 2 maſque to the Prince EleQor and his 
brother, in the Middle Temple, wher the Queene was 
pleaſd to grace the entertaynment by putting of ma- 
zeſty, to putt on a citizens habitt, and to ſett upon the 
ſcaffold on the right hande amongſt her ſubjects. 

«© The queene was attended in the like habitts by the 
Marques Hamilton, the Counteſs of Denbighe, the 
Counteſs of Holland, and the Lady Elizabeth Feildinge. 
Mrs. Baſſe, the law-woman *, leade in this royal citizen 
and her company. - 

« The Earle of Holland, the Lord Goringe, Mr. 
Percy, and Mr. Jermyn, were the men that attended. 

The Prince Elector ſatt in the midſt, his brother 


* i.e, the woman who had the care of the hall belonging to the 
Middle Temple. 


Robert 


234 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


Robert on the right hand of him, and the Prince ; 


d' Amours on the left. 

% The Maſque was very well performd in the 
dances, ſcenes, cloathinge, and muſique, and the 
Queene was pleasd to tell mee at her going away, that 
ſhe liked it very well. 

Henry Lauſe 
« William Lauſe 5 
«« Mr. Corſeilles made the ſcenes, 

ce Lowes Aftergame®?, played at St. James by the Sa- 
liſbury Court players, the 24 of Feb. 1635. 

« The Dukes Miſtres played at St. James the 22 of 
Feb. 1635. Made by Sherley. 5 

„ The ſame day at Whitehall J acquainted king 


: made the muſique. 


Charles, my maſter, with the danger of Mr. Hunts fick- 


neſs, and moved his Majeſty, in caſe he dyed, that he would 
bee pleasd to give mee leave to commend a fitt man ta 
ſucceede him in his place of Yeoman of the Revells. 
The kinge tould mee, that till then he knew not 
that Will Hunt held a place in the Revells. To my re- 
al he was pleasd to give mee this anſwer. Well, 
ſays the king, I will not diſpoſe of it, or, it ſhall not 
be diſpoſed of, till I heare you. 1p/{imis verbis. 
hich I enter here as full of grace, and for my better 
remembrance, finſe my maſter's cuſtom affords not /0 
many words, nor fo fignificant. | 
« The 28 Feb. The Knight of the Burning Peſtle playd 
by the Q. men at St. James. 

'* The firſt and ſecond part of Arviragus and Phili- 
cia were acted at the Cockpitt, [Whitehall] before the 
Kinge and Queene, the Prince, and Prince Elector, 
the 18 and 19 Aprill, 1636, being monday and tuſday 
in Eaſter weeke. | . 5 
„ At the increaſe of the plague to 4 within the citty 
and 54 in all.— This day the 12 May, 1636, I received 
a warant from my lord Chamberlin for the ſuppreſſing 
of playes and ſhews, and at the ſame time delivered my. 


ſeverall warants to George Wilſon for the four com- 


panys of players, to be ſerved upon them. 


9 The Proxy, or Love's Aftergame, was produced at the theatre at 


Saliſbury Court, November 24, 1634. | 
N « Ay 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE, 255 
s* At Hampton Court, 1636, 


«« The firſt part of Arviragus, Monday Afternoon, 26 


Decemb. „ 

«© The ſecond part of Arviragus, tuſday 27 Decemb. 

Love and Honour, on New-years night, ſonday. 

«© The Elder Brother, on thurſday the 5 Janua. 

«© The Kinge and no Kinge, on tuſday ye 10 Janua. 

«© The Royal Slave, on thurſday the 12 of Janu. —Ox- 
ford play, written by Cartwright, The king gave him 
forty pounds. | : 

Kollo, the 24 Janu. 

«© Julius Cæſar, at St. James, the 31 Janu. 1636. 

«© Cupides Revenge, at St. James, by Beeſton's boyes, 
the 7 Febru, | | 

« 4 Wife for a monthe, by the K. players, at St, James, 
the g Febru. | | 

« Wit without money, by the B. boyes, at St. James, 
the 14 Feb. | | 

«© The Governor, by the K. players, at St. James, 
the 17 Febru. 1636. 8 

«© Philaſter, by the K. players, at St. James, ſhrov- 
tuſday, the 21 Febru. 1636, 

«« On thurſday morning the 23 of February the bill of 
the plague made the number at forty foure, upon which 
decreaſe the king gave the players their liberty, and 
they began the 24 February 1636. [1636-7.] 

« The plague encreaſinge, the players laye till untill 
the 2 of October, when they had leave to play. 

c Mr. Beeſton was commanded to 3 a company 


of boyes, and began to play at the Cockpitt with them 


the ſame day. | 

«« 1 diſpoſed of Perkins, Sumner, Sherlock and Tur- 
ner, to Salſbury Court, and joynd them with the beſt 
of that company, 
Received of Mr. Lowens for my paines about 


 Meflinger's play called The King and the Subject, 2 June, 
1038, „„ On: | 0. | | 
«© The name of The King and the Subject is alterd, and 


I allowd the play to bee acted, the reformations moſt 
ſtrictly obſerved, and not otherwiſe, the 5th of june, 1638, 
MR bh . | 40 Ar 


— —— — —. 


236 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


«© At Greenwich the 4 of June, Mr. W. Murray gave 
mee power from the king to allowe of the play, and 
tould me that hee would warant it. ; | 

« Monys? Wee'le rayſe ſupplies what ways we 
pleaſe, | 
ce And force you to ſubſcribe to blanks, in which 
« We'le mul& you as wee ſhall thinke fitt. The 
Cæſars 5 
«© In Rome were wiſe, acknowledginge no lawes 
«© But what their {words did ratifye, the wives 
«© And daughters of the ſenators bowinge to 
«© Their wils, as deities,” &c. 
„ This is a peece taken out of Phillip Meflingers play, 
called The King and the Subject, and enterd here for 
ever to bee rememberd by my ſon and thoſe that caſt 
their eyes on it, in honour of Kinge Charles, my maſter, 
who, readinge over the play at Newmarket, ſet his marke 
upon the place with his own hande, and in thes words : 


& This is too inſolent, and to bee changed. 


e Note, that the poett makes it the ſpeech of a king, 
Don Pedro king of Spayne, and ſpoken to his ſub- 
Jes. ö 8 
Th On thurſday the 9 of Aprill, 1640, my Lord 
Chamberlen beſtow'd a play on the Kinge and Queene, 
call*'d Cleodora, Queene of Arragon, made by my cozen | 
Abington. It was performd by my lords ſervants out 
of his owne family, and his charge in the cloathes and 
ſceanes, which were very riche and curious. In the hall 
at Whitehall. 

«© The king and queene commended the generall 
entertaynment, as very well acted, and well ſett out. 

« It was acted the ſecond tyme in the ſame place be- 
fore the king and queene. | 

e At Eaſter 1640, the Princes company went to the 
Fortune, and the Fortune company to the Red Bull. 

«© On Monday the 4 May, 1640, William Beeſton 
was taken by a meſſenger, and committed to the Mar- 
 fhalſey, by my Lord Chamberlens warant, for playinge 


2 playe without licenſe. The ſame day Ny "a 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 237 


the Cockpitt was commanded by my Lord Chamberlens 
warant to forbeare playinge, for playinge when they 
were forbidden by mee, and for other diſobedience, and 
laye ſtill monday, tuſday, and wenſday. On thurſday 
at my Lord Chamberlens entreaty I gave them their 
liberty, and upon their petition of ſubmiſſion ſubſcribed 
by the players, I reſtored them to their liberty on 
thurſday. | 
The play I cald for, and, forbiddinge the play- 
Inge of it, keepe the booke, becaule it had relation to 


the paſſages of the K.s journey into the Northe, and was 


complaynd of by his M. ve to mee, with commande to 
puniſhe the offenders. | 

«© On Twelfe Night, 1641, the prince had a play 
called The Scornful Lady, at the Cockpitt, but the kinge 
and queene were not there; and it was the only play 
acted at courte in the whole Chriſtmas, 
1642. June.] Received of Mr. Kirke, for a new 
play which I burnte for the ribaldry and offenſe that was 
in i, 2-01-06 

Received of Mr. Kirke for another new play called 


The Iriſpe Rebellion, the 8 June, 1642, C. 2. O. o. 


«© Here ended my allowance of plaies, for the war 

began in Aug. 1642. | | 
Sir William D*Avenant, we have already ſeen “, about 
ſixteen months after the death of Ben Jonſon, obtained 
from his majeſty (Dec. 13, 1638) a grant of an annuity 
of one hundred pounds per ann. which he enjoyed as poet 
laureat till his death. In thefollowing year (March 26, 
1639) a patent paſſed the great ſeal authorizing him to 
erect a playhouie, which was then intended to have been 
built behind The Three Kings Ordinary in Fleet-ſtreet: but 
this ſcheme was not carried into execution. I find from 
a Manuſcript in the Lord Chamberlain's Office, that after 
the death of Chriſtopher Beeſton, Sir W. D'Avenant 
was appointed by the Lord Chamberlain, (June 27, 
1639,) „Governor of the King and Queens 1 
2 


acting at the Cockpit in Drury Lane, during the le 


Vol. I. P. I. p. 401, n. 6. 
5 which 


* nat z.n— f CC eee... eee eee \ 


233 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 

which Mrs. Elizabeth Beeſton, alias Hutcheſon, hath or 
doth hold in the ſaid houſe:“ and I ſuppoſe he appointed 
her ſon Mr. William Beefton his deputy, for from Sir 
Henry Herbert's office-book, he appears for a ſhort time 
to have had the management of that theatre. 

In the latter end of the year 1659, ſome months before 
the Reſtoration of K. Charles II. the theatres, which had 
been ſuppreſſed during the uſurpation, began to revive, 
and ſeveral plays were performed at the Red Bull in St. 
John's-ſtreet, in that and the following year, before the 
return of the king. In June 1660, three companies ſeem 
to have been formed; that already mentioned; one under 
Mr. William Beeſton in Saliſbury Court, and one at the 
Cockpit in Drury Lane under Mr. Rhodes, Who had 
been wardrobe-keeper at the theatre in Blackfriars be- 
fore the breaking out of the Civil Wars. Sir Henry 
Herbert, who ſtill retained his office of Maſter of the 
Revels, endeavoured to obtain from theſe companies the 
ſame emoluments which he had formerly derived from the 
exhibition of plays; but after a long ſtruggle, and after 
having brought feveral actions at law againſt Sir William 
D' Avenant, Mr. Betterton, Mr: Mohun, and others, he 
was obliged to relinquiſh his claims, and his office ceaſed 
to be attended with either authority or profit. It received 
its death's wound from a grant from King Charles Il, 
under the privy ſignet, Auguſt 21, 1660, authorizing 


Mr. Thomas Killigrew, one of the grooms of his Ma- 


jeſty's bedchamber, and Sir William D* Avenant, to ere& 
two new playhouſes and two new companies, of which 
they were to have the regulation; and prohibiting any 
other theatrical repreſentation in London, Weſtminſter, 
or the ſuburbs, but thoſe exhibited by the ſaid two com- 
panies. 8 Do 

Among the papers of Sir Henry Herbert ſeveral are 
preſerved relative to his diſputed claim, ſome of which 
I ſhall here inſert in their order, as containing ſome 
curious and hitherto unknown particulars relative to the 
ſtage at this time, and alſo as illuſtrative of its hiſtory at 
a precedent period. | 


Js For 


1 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE, 239 
- I. | 


c For Mr. William Beeſton. 


4 Whereas the allowance of plays, the ordering of play- 
ers and playmakers, and the permiſſion for erecting of 
playhouſes, hath, time out of minde whereof the memory 
of man is not to the contrary, belonged to the Maſter of his 
Ma. ties office of the Revells; And whereas Mr. William 
Beeſton hath deſtred authority and lycence from mee to 
continue the houſe called Saliſbury Court playhoaſe in a 
playhouſe, which was formerly built and erected into a 
Playhouſe by the permiſſion and lycence of the Maſter 
of the Revells. 

«© 'Theſe are therefore by virtue of a grant under the 
greate ſeal of England, and of the conſtant praQtice 


thereof, to continue and conſtitute the ſaid houſe called 


Saliſbury Court playhouſe into a playhouſe, and to 
authorize and lycence the ſaid Mr. Beeſton to ſett, lett, 
or uſe 1t for a playhouſe, wherein comedies, tragedies, 


tragicomedies, paſtoralls aud interludes, may be acted. 


Provided that noe perſons be admitted to act in the ſaid 
playhouſe but ſuch as ſhall be allowed by the Maſter of 
his Ma. ties office of the Revells. Given under my hand 
and ſeale at the office of the Revells, this 


[This paper appears to be only a copy, and is not dated 
nor ſigned; ending as above. I believe, it was written 
in June 1660. ] 

| : II. 5 
To the kings moſt excellent Majeſty, 


4c The humble petition of John Rogers, 


4e Moſt humbly ſheweth, | 
% That your petitioner at the beginning of the late 
ealamitys loft thereby his whole eſtate, and during the 
warr ſuſteyned much detriment and impriſonment, and 
loſt his limbs or the uſe thereof; who ſerved his Excel- 
lency the now Lord General, both in England and Scot- 


land, and performed good and faithtull ſervice ; in 


confideration 


2410 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


conſideration whereof and by being ſoe much decreapitt 
as not to act any more in the wars, his Excellency was 


favourably pleaſed, for your petitioners future ſubſiſtance 
without being further burthenſome to this kingdom, 


or to your Majeſty for a penſion, to grant him a tollera- 
tion to ere& a playhouſe or to have a ſhare out of them 
already tollerated, your petitioner thereby undertaKing 
to ſuppreſs all riots, tumults, or moleſtations that may 
thereby ariſe. And for that the ſaid graunt remains 
imperte& unleſs corroborated by your majeſty, 


«© He therefore humbly implores your moſt 
ſacred Majeſty, in tender compaſiion, out 
of your kingly clemency to confirm unto 

him a ſhare out of the profitts of the 

ſaid playhouſes, or ſuch allowance by 
them to be given as formerly they uſed 

to alow to perſons for to keep the peace 

of the ſame, that he may with his wife 


and family be thereby preſerved and re- 


Hheved in his maimed aged years; and 


he ſhall daily pray.“ 


% At the Court at Whitehall, the 7th of Auguſt, 1660. 
« His Majeſtyis gracioully pleaſed to refer this petition 


to Sir Henry Herbert, Maſter of his Majeſties Revells, 


to take ſuch order therein, as ſhall be agreable to equity, 
without further troubling his majeſty, 


(A true Copye.) 7 J. HOLLIS,” 
4e Auguſt 20, 1660. From the office of the Revells. 


cc In obedience to his M. ties command [ have taken the 
matter of the Petitioners requeſt into conſideration, 
and doe thereuppon conceive it very reaſonable that the 
petitioner ſhould have the ſame allowance weekly from 


you and every of you, for himſelfe and his men *, for 


guarding your playhouſes from all moleſtations and 


It appears from another paper that his men were ſoldiers. . 
| | injuries, 


Oo 
eee, — . — 


Ll 
88 a - = 
NEED eee er ws 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 241 


injuries, which you formerly did of doe allow or pay to 
other perſons for the ſame or ſuch like ſervicesz and 
that it be duly and truely paid him without denial. 


And the rather for that the Kings moſt excellent 


Ma.tie upon the Lord General Monks recommendation, 
and the conſideration of the Petitioners loſſes and 
ſufferings, hath thought fitt to commiſſerate the Pe- 
titioner John Rogers his ſaid condition, and to refer 
unto me the relief of the ſaid petitioner. Given at his 
Ma. ties oſſice of the Revells, under my hand and the 
ſeale of the ſaid office, the twentieth day of Auguſt, in 
the twelve yeare of his Ma. ties raigne. 


6 To the Actors at the Playhouſes called 
the Red Bull, Cockpit, and theatre 
in Saliſbury Court, and to every of 
them, in and about the citties of 


London and Weſtminſter,?? 


III. 
« To the kings moſt excellent Majeſtie. 


«© The humble petition of Sir Henry Herbert, Knight, 


Maſter of your Majeſties office of the Revels. 


4 Sheweth, 


« That whereas your Petitioner by vertue of ſeverall 
Grants under the great ſeale of England hath executed 
the ſaid office, as Maſter of the Revells, for about 40 
yeares, in the times of King James, and of King Charles, 
both of bleſſed memory, with exception only to the time 
of the late horrid rebellion, | 

« And whereas the ordering of playes and playmakers 
and the permiſſion for erecting of playhouſes are pecu- 
liar branches of the ſaid office, and in the conſtant practice 
thereof by your petitioners predeceſſors in the ſaid 
office and himſelfe, with exception only as before except- 
ed, and authorized by grante under the ſaid greate 
ſeale of England; and that no perſon or perſons have 

Vor. I. Part Il, "Rx erected 


242 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


_ erected any playhouſes, or rayſed any company of 
players, without licence from your petitioners ſaid pre- 
deceſſors or from your petitioner, but Sir William 
D' Avenant, Knight, who obtained leave of Oliver and 
Richard Cromwell to vent his operas, at a time when 
your petitioner owned not their authority. 

And whereas your Majeſty hath lately ſigni fied your 
leaſure by warrant to Sir Jeffery Palmer, Knight and 
ar. your Majeſties Attorney General, for the drawing 

of a grante for your Majeſties ſignature to paſs the greate 
ſeale, thereby to enable and empower Mr. Thomas 
Killegrew and the ſaid Sir William D* Avenant to erect 
two new playhouſes in London, Weſtminſter, or the 
ſubburbs thereof, and to make choice of two companies 
of players to bee under theire ſole regulation, and that 
noe other players ſhall be authorized to play in London, 
Weſtminſter, or the ſubburbs thereof, but ſuch as the 

ſaid Mr. Killegrew and Sir William D'Avenant ſhall 
allow of. , | | 

% And whereas your petitioner hath been repreſented 

to your Ma.ty as a perſon conſenting unto the ſaid 
powers expreſſed in the ſaid warrant, Your petitioner 
utterly denies the leaſt conſent or fore-knowledge thereof, 
but looks upon it as an unjuſt ſurprize, and deſtructive 
to the power granted under the ſaid greate ſeale to 
your petitioner, and to the conſtant practice of the ſaid 
office, and exerciſed in the office ever fince players 
were admitted by authority to act playes, and cannot 
legally be done as your petitioner is adviied; and it may 
be of very ill conſequence, as your petitioner is adviſed, 
by a new grante to take away and cut of a branch of your 
ancient powers, granted to the ſaid office under the 
great ſeale. | | 
« Your petitioner therefore humbly praies that your 
Ma. ty would be juſtly as graciouſly pleaſed to revoke the 
faid warrant from your Ma. ties ſaid Attorney Generall, 
or to refer the. premiſes to the conſideration of your 
Ma. ties ſaid Attorney Generall, to certify your Ma. ty 


of the truth. of them, and his judgement. on the whole 
: ; matters 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 243 


matters in queſtion betwixt the ſaid Mr. Killegrew, Sir 
William D'Avenant, and your petitioner, in relation to 
the legality and conſequence of their demands and your 
petitioners rights. 

N « And your petitioner ſhall ever pray.“ 


«© At the Court at Whitehall, 4 Auguſt, 1660, 


His Ma. tie is pleaſed to refer this petition to Sir 
Jeffery Palmer, Knight and Baronet, his Ma. ties Attor- 
ney Generall ; who haveing called before him all perſons 
concerned, and examined the petitioners right, 1s to cer- 
tify what he finds to be the true ſtate of the matters in 
difference, together with his opinion thereupon. And 
then his M. tie will declare his further pleaſure. 

| | EDW. NICHOLAS,” 


ce May it pleaſe your moſt excellent Ma. ty. 


« Although I have heard the parties concerned in this 
petition ſeverally and apart, yet in reſpe& Mr. Killigrew 
and Sir William D'Avenant, having notice of a time ap- 
pointed to heare all parties together, did not come, I 
have forborne to proceed further; having alſo receaved an 
intimation, by letter from Sir William D*Avenant, that 
I was freed from further hearing this matter. 


*© 14 Sept. 1660, J. PALMER.” 


IV. 


«© From Mr. Moſely concerning the playes, &c. 
Auguſt 30, 1660 *. 
cz Gov; | 

t J have beene very much ſolicited by the gentlemen 
actors of the Red Bull for a note under my hand to cer- 
tifie unto your worſhp. what agreement I had made with 
Mr. Rhodes of the Cockpitt playhouſe. Truly, Sir, I 
am fo farr from any agreement with him, that I never ſo 
much as treated with him, nor with any from him, ne1- 


3 is the indorſement, written by Sir Henry Herbert's own 
R 2 | ther 


244 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


5 


red. And the ſame alſo I doe certify concerning the 
Whitefryers playhouſe * and players, 


Sir, this is all IJ have to trouble you withall att preſent, 


and therefore I ſhall take the boldneſſe to remaine, 
| Your Worſh.* moſt humble Servant, 


- a HUMPHREY MOSEL. 
Auguſt 30. 60% 
| V. | | 

On the 21ſt of Auguſt, 1660, the following grant, 
againſt which Sir Henry Herbert had petitioned to be 
heard, paſſed the privy ſignet. 

«« Charles the Second by the grace of God, of England, 
Scotland, France and Ireland, King, defender of the 
fayth, &c. to all to. whome theſe preſents ſhall come 
greeting. Whereas wee are given to underſtand that 
certain perſons in and about our citty of London, or the 
ſuburbs thereof, doe frequently aſſemble for the perform- 
ing and acting of playes and enterludes for rewards, to 
which divers of our ſubjects doe for their entertainment 
reſort ; which ſaid playes, as we are informed, doe con- 
raine much matter of prophanation and ſcurrility, ſoe 
that ſuch kind of entertainments, which, if well managed, 
might ſerve as morall inſtructions in humane life, as 
the ſame are now uſed, doe for the moſt part tende to the 
debauchinge of the manners of ſuch as are preſent at 
them, and are very ſcandalous and offenſive to all pious 


and well diſpoſed perſons. We, takeing the premiſes 


into our princely conſideration, yett not holding it ne- 
ceſlary totally to ſuppreſſe the uſe of theaters, becauſe 
wee are aſſured, that, if the evill and ſcandall in the 
playes that now are or haue bin ated were taken away, 


* i. e. the playhouſe in Saliſbury Court. 
2 The date inſerted by Sir Henry Herbert. 
the 


i 
L 
, 
" 


/ 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 245 


the ſame might ſerue as innocent and harmleſſe diuer- 
tiſement for many of our ſubjects; and haneing expe- 
rience of the art and ſkill of our truſty and well beloued 
Thomas as. $4 eſq. one of the Groomes of our Bed- 
| | chamber, and of Sir William Dauenant, knight, for 
the purpoſes hereafter mentioned, doe hereby giue and 
1 grante vnto the ſaid Thomas Killegrew and Sir William 
Dauenant full power and authority to erect two com- 
panies of players, conſiſtinge reſpectively of ſuch per- 
ſons as they ſhall chuſe and appoint, and to purchaſe, 
builde and erect, or hire at their charge, as they ſhall 
thinke fitt, two houſes or theaters, with all convenient 
roomes and other neceſſaries thereunto appertaining, for 
the repreſentation of tragydies, comedyes, playes, 
operas, and all other entertainments of that nature, in 
convenient places: and likewiſe to ſettle and eſtabliſh 
ſuch payments to be paid by thoſe that ſhall reſort to ſee 
the {aid repreſentations performed, as either haue bin 
accuſtomely giuen and taken in the like kind, or as ſhall 
be reaſonable in regard of the great expences of sc EN ES, 
/ muſick, and ſuch new decorations as haue not bin for- 
merly uſed ; with further power to make ſuch allowances 
out of that which they ſhall ſo receiue, to the actors, and 
other perſons employed in the ſaid repreſentations in 
both houſes reſpectively, as they ſhall think fitt : the ſaid 
companies to be under the gouernement and authority 
of them the ſaid Thomas Killigrew and Sir William 
Dauenant. And in regard of the extraordinary licen- 
tiouſneſs that hath been lately ufed in things of this 
nature, our pleaſure 1s, that there ſhall be noe more 
places of repreſentations, nor companies of actors of 
playes, or operas by recitative, muſick, or repreſenta- 
tions by danceing and ſcenes, or any other entertain- 
ments on the ſtage, in our citties of London and Weſt- 
minſter, or in the liberties of them, then the two to be 
now erected by vertue of this authority, Nevertheleſs 
wee doe hereby by our authority royal ſtrictly enjoine 
1 the ſaid Thomas Killegrew and Sir William Dauenant, 
8 that they doe not at any hereafter cauſe to be acted 
* 3 | or 


= —— RUS 


—ͤ—ę6-ͤ — ——— —-—- 


246 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


or repreſented any play, enterlude, or opera, containing 
any matter of prophanation, ſcurrility or obſcenity: 
And wee doe further hereby authorize and command 
them the ſaid Thomas Killegrew and Sir William 
Dauenant to peruſe all playes that haue been formerly 
written, and to expunge all prophaneſſe and ſcurrility 
from the ſame, before they be repreſented or acted. And 
this our grante and authority made to the ſaid Thomas 
Killegrew and Sir William Dauenant, ſhall be effectuall 
and remaine in full force and vertue, notwithſtanding 
any former order or direction by us given, for the ſup- 
preſſing of 154.45 ng and playes, or any other enter- 
tainments of the ſtage, Given, &c. Auguſt 21, 1660.” 


VI. 
The following paper is indorſed by Sir Henry Herbert: 


„ Warrant ſent to Rhodes, and brought backe by 
him the 10 of Octob. 60, with this anſwer 
That the Kinge did authorize him. 


«© Whereas by vertue of a grante under the great ſeale 
of N playes, players and playmakers, and the 
permiſſion for erecting of playhouſes, have been allowed, 
ordered and permitted by the Maſters of his Maties office 
of the Revells, my predeceſſors ſucceſſively, time out of 


minde, whereof the memory of man is not to the con- 
trary, and by mee for almoſt forty yeares, with exception 


only to the late times: 

Theſe are therefore in his Maties name to require you 
to attend mee concerning your playhouſe called the 
ym vr playhouſe in Drury J. ane, and to bring with 

ou ſuch authority as you have for erecting of the ſaid 


. houſe into a playhouſe, at your perill. Given at 


- — pd office of the Revells the 8th day of Octob. 
1 * | a 
HENRY HERBERT.“ 
« To Mr. John Rhodes at the Cockpitt 8 


playhouſe in Drury Lane.“ 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 247 


VIE 


Copy of the Warrant ſent to the actors at the Cockpitt in 
Drury Lane by Tom Browne, the 13 Octob. 60. 


«« Whereas ſeverall complaints have been made againſt 
you to the Kings moſt excellent Majeſty by Mr. Kille- 
grew and Sir William D' Avenant, concerning the un- 
uſuall and unreaſonable rates taken at your playhouſe- 
doores, of the reſpeCtive perſons of quality, that defire to 
refreſh or improve themſelves by the ſight of your morrall 
entertainments which were conſtituted for profitt and de- 
light. And the ſaid complaints made uſe of by the ſaid 

r. Killegrew and Sir William Davenant as part of 
their ſuggeſtions for their pretended power, and for your 
late reſtrainte, 

And whereas complaints have been made thereof 
formerly to mee, wherewith you were acquainted, as 
innovations and exactions not allowed by mee; and that 
the like complaints are now made, that you doe practice 
the ſaid exactions in takeing of exceſſive and unaccuſtom- 
ed rates uppon the reſtitution of you to your liberty. 

„ Thele are therefore in his Ma. ties name to require 
you and every of you to take from the perſons of qualitie 
and others as daily frequent your play-houſe, ſuch uſuall 
and accuſtomed rates only as were formerly taken at 
the Blackfryers by the late company of actors there, 
and noe more nor otherwiſc, for every new or old play 
that ſhall be allowed you by the Maſter of the Revells 
to be acted in the ſaid playhouſe or any other playhouſe, 
And you are hereby further required to bringe or ſende to 
me all ſuch old plaies as you doe intend to act at your ſaid 
playhouſe, that they may be reformed of prophanes and 


ribaldry, at your perill, Given at the office of the Revells3, 
| HENGY HERBERT.“ 


TO Mr. Michael Mohun, and the 
reſt of the actors of the Cockpitt 
playhouſe in Drury Lane. The 
13th of October, 1660.“ 


3 The words in Italick characters were added by Sir Henry Her- 
bert's own hand. 


248 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


VIII. 
« To the Kings moſt excellent Majeſtie. 


4 The bhamble Petition of Michael Mohun, Robert Shat- 
terel, Charles Hart, Nich. Burt, Wm. Cartwright, 
Walter Clun, and William Winterſell. 


7 Humbly ſheweth, 


“ That yourMajeſties humble petitioners, having been 
ſuppreſt by a warrant from your Majeſtie, Sir Henry 
Herbert informed us it was Mr. Killegrew had cauſed it, 
and if wee would give him ſoe much a weeke, he would 
prote& them againſt Mr. Killegrew and all powers. 'The 
complaint againſt us was, ſcandalous plays, raiſing the 
price, and acknowledging noe authority ; all which end- 
ed in ſve much per weeke to him; for which wee had 
leave to play and promiſe of his protection: the which 
your Majeſty knows he was not able to performe, ſince Mr. 
Killegrew, having your Majeſties former grante, ſup- 
preſt us, untill wee had by covenant obliged ourſelves to 
act with wo z uE N, a new theatre, and habitts accord- 


ing to our sc EANES. And according to your Majeſties 


approbation, from all the companies we made election of 


one company; and ſo farre Sir Henry Herbert hath bene 


from protecting us, that he hath been a continual diſtur- 
bance unto us, who were [united] by your Majeſties 
commande under Mr. Killegrew as Maſter of your Ma- 
jeſties Comedians; and wee have annext unto our peti- 
tion the date of the warrant by which we were ſuppreſt, 
and for a protection againſt that warrant he forced from 
us ſoe much a weeke. And if your majeſtie be graci- 


ouſly pleaſed ta caſt your eye upon the date of the war- 


rant hereto annext, your majeſtie ſhall find the date to 
our contract ſucceeded; wherein he hath broke the 
covenants, and not your petitioners, haveing abuſed 
your majeſtie in giveing an ill character of your petition- 
ers, only to force a ſum from theire poore endeavours; 
Who never did nor ſhall refuſe him all the reſeits and 


juſt 


5 — ¶ — — 
- 


- — —o 
* 


| OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 249 


Juſt profitts that belong to his place ; hee having now 
obtained leave to arreſt us, only to give trouble and vex- 
ation to your petitioners, hopeing by that meanes ta 
force a ſumme of money illegally from us. | 


«© The premiſes conſidered, your petitioners hum- 
bly beſeech your majeſtie to be gratiouſly 
pleaſed to ſignify your royal pleaſure to the 
Lord Chamberlaine, that your petitioners 

may not bee moleſted in their calling. And 
your petitioners in duty bound ſhall pray, 
&c. | 8 5 


4 Nich. Burt. | «© Robt. Shatterel 4,”? 

William Winterſhall. | | 

Charles Hart.” 

Mr. Thomas Betterton, having been a great admirer 
of Shakſpeare, and having taken the trouble in the be- 
ginning of this century, when he was above ſeventy 
years of age, of travelling to Stratford-upon- Avon to 
collect materials for Mr. Rowe's life of our author, is 
entitled to particular notice from an editor of his works. 


Very inaccurate accounts of this actor have been given 
in the Biographia Britannica and ſeveral other books, 
It is obſervable that biographical writers often give the 


world long diſſertations concerning facts and dates, when 
the fact conteſted might at once be aſcertained by viſiting 
a neighbouring pariſn- church: and this has been particu- 
larlythe caſe of Mr. Betterton. He was the ſon of Matthew 
Betterton (under- cook to King Charles the Firſt) and was 


| baptized, as I learn from the regiſter of St. Margaret's 


pariſh, Auguſt 11, 1635. He could not have appeared 


on the ſtage in 1656, as has been aſſerted, no theatre 


being then allowed. His firſt appearance was at the 


Cockpit, in Drury Lane, in Mr. Rhodes's company, who 
played chere by a licenſe in the year 1659, when Better- 


P + Michael Mohun, William Cartwright, and Walter Clun did not 
8s | | 


ton 


— — — Ee > 1 en ee een owe 


250 _ HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
ton was twenty-four years of age. He married Mrs. 
Mary Saunderſon, an actreſs, who had been bred by Sir 


William D*Avenant, ſome time in the year 1663, as 


appears by the Dramatis Perſonæ of The Slighted Maid, 
printed in that year-. From a paper now before me 
which Sir Henry Herbert has entitled a Breviat of 
matters to be proved on the trial of an action brought by 
him againſt Mr. Betterton in 1662, I find that he con- 
tinued to act at the Cockpit till November 1660, when 
he and ſeveral other performers entered into articles 
with Sir William D'Avenant; in conſequence of which 
they began in that month to play at the theatre in Saliſ- 
bury Court, from whence after ſome time, I believe, 
they returned to the Cockpit, and afterwards removed 
to a new theatre in Portugal-Row near Lincoln's Inn 
Fields. Theſe Articles were as follows: 


ARTICLES OF AGREEMENT tripartite, in- 
dented, made, and agreed upon this fifth day of Novem- 
ber in the twelfth yeere of the reigne of our ſovereigne 
Lord king Charles the Second, Annoque Domini 1660, 
between Sir Wm. Davenant of London, Kt. of the firſt 

art, and Thomas Batterton, Thomas Sheppey, Robert 
Noakes, James Noakes, Thomas Lovell, John Moſeley, 
Cave Underhill, Robert Turner, and Thomas Lilleſton, 
of the ſecond part; and Henry Harris of the citty of 
London, painter, of the third part, as followeth. 


S This celebrated actor continued on the ſtage fifty years, and died 


inteſtate in April 1710. No perſon appears to have adminiſtered to 


him. Such was his extreme modeſty, that not long before his death 
cc he confeſſed that he was yet learning to be an actor.“ His 
wife ſurvived him two years. By her laſt will, which was made, 
March 10, 1711-12, and proved in the following month, ſhe be- 


queathed to Mrs. Mary Head, her ſiſtet, and to two other perſons, 


20l. apiece, ©* to be paid out of the arrears of the penſion which her 
Majeſty had been graciouſly pleaſed to grant her;“ to Mrs. Anne 
Betterton, Mr. Wilks, Mr. Dent, Mr. Dogget, and Mrs. Brace- 
girdle, twenty ſhillings each for rings, and to her reſiduary legatee 
Mrs. Frances Williamſon, the wife of —— Williamſon, „ her dearly - 
beloved huſband's picture.“ | 

Mrs. Mary Head muſt have been Mr, Betterton's ſiſter; for Mrs, 


Betterton's own name was Mary. Fo 
Imprimis, 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 2351 
Imprimis, the ſaid Sir William Davenant doth for 
himſelf, his executors, adminiſtrators and aſſigns, cove- 
nant, promiſe, grant, and agree, to and with the ſaid 
Thomas Batterton, Thomas Sheppey, Robert Noakes, 
James Noakes, Thomas Lovell, John Moſeley, Cave 
Underhill, Robert Turner, and Thomas L.illeſton, that 
he the ſaid Sir William Davenant by vertue of the 
authority to him derived for that purpoſe does hereby 
conſtitute, ordeine and erect them the ſaid Thomas 
Batterton, Thomas Sheppey, Robert Noakes, James 
Noakes, Thomas Lovell, John Moſeley, Cave Under- 
hill, Robert Turner, and Thomas Lilleſton and their 
aſſociates, to bee a company, publiquely to act all manner 
of tragedies, comedies, and playes whatſoever, in any 
theatre or playhouſe erected in London or Weſtminſter 
or the ſuburbs thereof, and to take the uſual rates for 
the ſame, to the uſes hereafter expreſt, untill the ſaid 
Sir William Davenant ſhall provide a newe theatre 
with scEN Es. : | 

Item, it is agreed by and between all the ſaid parties 
to theſe preſents, that the ſaid company (untill the ſaid 
theatre bee provided by the ſaid Sir William Davenant) 
be authorized by him to act tragedies, comedies, and 
playes in the playhouſe called Saliſbury Court play- 
houſe, or any other houſe, upon the conditions only here- 
after following, vizt. . | 

That the generall receipte of money of the ſaid play- 
houſe ſhall (after the houſe-rent, hirelings“, and all 
other accuſtomary and neceſſary expences in that kind 
be defrayed) bee divided into fowerteene proportions 
or ſhares, whereof the ſaid Sir William Davenant ſhall 
have foure full proportions or ſhares to his own uſe, and 
the reſt to the uſe of the ſaid companie. 

That dureinge the time of playing in the ſaid play- 
houſe, (untill the aforeſaid theatre bee provided by the 
ſaid Sir Wm. Davenant,) the ſaid Sir Wm. Davenant 


* i. e. men hired occaſionally by the night: in modern language, 
ſupernumeraries. 


ſhall 


252 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
ſhall depute the ſaid Thomas Batterton, James Noakes, 
and Thomas Sheppey, or any one of them particularly, 
for him and on his behalfe, to receive his proportion of 
thoſe ſhares and to ſurvey the accompte conduceinge 
thereunto, and to pay the ſaid proportions every night 
to him the ſaid Sir Wm. Davenant or his aſſignes, which 
they doe hereby covenant to pay accordingly, N 

That the ſaid Thomas Batterton, Thomas Sheppey, s 
and the reſt of the ſaid company ſhall admit ſuch a con- | 
ſort of muſiciens into the ſaid playhouſe for their neceſ- 
ſary uſe, as the ſaid Sir William ſhall nominate and 
provide, duringe their playinge in the ſaid playhouſe, not 
exceedinge the rate of 3os. the day, to bee defrayed out 
of the generall expences of the houſe before the ſaid 
fowerteene ſhares bee devided. | | 

That the ſaid Thomas Batterton, Thomas Sheppey, 
and the reſt of the ſaid companie ſoe authorized to play 
in the playhouſe in Saliſbury Court or elſewhere, as 
aforeſaid, thall at one weeks warninge given by the ſaid 
Sir Wm. Davenant, his heires or aſſignes, diſſolve and 
conclude their playeing at the houſe and place aforeſaid, 
or at any other houſe where they ſhall play, and ſhall 
remove and joyne with the ſaid Henry Harris, and with 
other men and women provided or to bee provided by 
the ſaid Sir Wm, Davenant, to performe ſuch tragedies, 
comedies, playes, and repreſentations in that theatre 
to be provided by him the ſaid Sir William as afore- 
ſaid, 

Item, It is agreed by and betweene all the ſaid parties 
to theſe preſents in manner and form followinge, vizt. 
That when the ſaid companie, .together with the ſaid 
Henry Harris, are joyned with the men and women to 
be provided by the ſaid Sir William Davenant to act 
and performe in the ſaid theatre to bee provided by the 
ſaid Sir Wm. Davenant, that the generall receipte of 
the ſaid theatre (the generall expence firſt beinge deduc- 
ted) ſhall bee devided into fifteene ſhares or proportions, 


whereof two ſhares or proportions ſhall bee paid to the 


ſaid Sir Wm, Davenant, his executors, adminiſtrators, or 
| aflignes, q 


ee U —²˙N. ˙mm ̃;m'e! EOS — — 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 253 
aſſignes, towards the houſe- rent, buildinge, ſcaffoldinge, 
and makeing of frames for sCzNnEes, and one other ſhare 
or proportion ſhall likewiſe bee paid to the ſaid Sir 


William, his executors, adminiſtrators and aſſignes, for 


proviſion of habitts, properties, and scENEs, for a ſup- 
plement of the ſaid theatre. 

That the other twelve ſhares (after all expences of 
men hirelinges and other cuſtomary expences deducted) 
ſhall bee devided into ſeaven and five thares or propor- 
tions, whereof the ſaid Sir Mm. D' Avenant, his executors, 
adminiſtrators, or aſſigns, ſhall have ſeaven ſhares or 
proportions, to mainteine all the women that are to 
performe or repreſent womens parts in the aforeſaid 
tragedies, comedies, playes, or repreſentations; and 
in conſideration of erectinge and eſtabliſhinge them 
to bee a companie, and his the ſaid Sir Wms. paines 
and expences to that purpoſe for many yeeres. And 
the other five of the ſaid ſhares or proportions is to bee 
devided amongſt the reſt of the perſons parties] to theis 
preſents, whereof the ſaid Henry Harris 1s to have an 


equal ſhare with the greateſt proportion in the ſaid five 


ſhares or proportions. | 

That the generall receipte of the ſaid theatre (from 
and after ſuch time as the ſaid Companie have performed 
their playeinge in Saliſbury Court, or in any other play- 


| houſe, according to and noe longer than the tyme allow- 


ed by him the ſaid William as aforeſaid) ſhall bee by 

ballatine, or tickets ſealed for all doores and boxes. 
That Sir Wm. Davenant, his executors, adminiſtra- 

tors or aſſignes, ſhall at the generall chardge of the whole 


receipte provide three perſons to receive money for the 


ſaid tickets, in a roome adjoyning to the ſaid theatre; 
and that the actors in the ſaid theatre, nowe parties to 


. theſe preſents, who are concerned in the ſaid five ſhares 


or proportions, ſhall dayly or weekely appoint two or 
three of themſelves, or the men hirelings deputed by 
them, to fit with the aforeſaid three perſons appointed by 
the ſaid Sir William, that they may ſurvey or give an 
accompt of the money received for the ſaid tickets: 

| That 


D 


254 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


That the ſaid ſeaven ſhares ſhall bee paid nightly by the 
ſaid three perſons by the ſaid Sir Wm. deputed, or by 
anie of them, to him the ſaid Sir Wm, his executors, 
adminiſtrators, or aſſignes. : | 
That the ſaid Sir William Davenant ſhall appoint 
half the number of the door-keepers neceſſary tor. the 
receipt of the ſaid tickets for doores and boxes, the 
wardrobe-keeper, barber, and all other neceſſary per- 
| ſons as hee the ſaid Sir Wm. ſhall think fitt, and their 
| ſallary to bee defrayed at the publique chardge, 
| That when any ſharer amongſt the actors of the 
aforeſaid ſhares, and parties to theſe preſents, ſhall dye, 
that then the ſaid Sir Wm. Davenant, his executors, 
adminiſtrators or aflignes, ſhall have the denomination 
and appointment of the ſucceſſor and ſucceſſors. And 
likewiſe that the wages of the men hirelings ſhall be 
. appointed and eſtabliſned by the ſaid Sir Wm. Dave- 
nant, his executors, adminiſtrators, or aſſignes. 
That the ſaid Sir Wm. Davenant, his executors, 
adminiſtrators, or aſſignes, ſhall not bee obliged out of 
the ſhares or proportions allowed to him for the ſupplye- 
inge of cloathes, habitts, and ſcenes, to provide eyther 
hatts, feathers, gloves, ribbons, ſworde-belts, bands, 
ſtockings, or ſhoes, for any of the men actors aforeſaid, 
unles it be a propertie. *; 
That a private boxe bee provided and eſtabliſhed for 
the uſe of Thomas Killigrew, Eſq. one of the groomes 
of his Ma. ties bedchamber, ſufficient to conteine ſixe 
perſons, into which the {aid Mr. Killigrew, and ſuch as 
he ſhall appoint, ſhall have liberty to enter without any ' 
fallary or pay for their entrance into ſuch a place of 
the ſaid theatre as the ſaid Sir Wm. Davenant, his 
heires, executors, adminiſtrators, or aſſignes, ſhall 
appoint. | HAS | 
That the ſaid Thomas Batterton, Thomas Sheppey, 
Robert Noakes, James Noakes, Thomas Lovell, ſohn 
Moſeley, Cave Underhill, Robert Turner, and Tho- 
mas Lilleſton, doe hereby for themſelves covenant; 


promiſe, grant and agree, to and with the * _ | 
Ly a 4 


| 
| 
| 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 255 


W. D. his executors, adminiſtrators, and aſſignes, 
by theſe prefents, that they and every of them ſhall 
become bound to the ſaid Sir Wm. Davenant, in a 
bond of 50001. conditioned for the performance of theſe 
preſents. And that every ſucceſſor to any part of the 
ſaid five ſhares or proportions ſhall enter into the like 
bonds before hee or they ſhall bee admitted to ſhare anie 
part or proportion of the ſaid ſhares or proportions. | 

And the ſaid Henry Harris doth hereby for himſelf 
his executors, adminittrators, and affignes, covenant, 
8 grant and agree, to and with the ſaid Sir Wm. 

avenant, his executors, adminiſtrators, and aſſignes, 
by theſe preſents, that hee the faid Henry Harris ſhall 
within one weeke after the notice given by Sir Wm, 
 Davenant for the concludinge of the playeinge at 
Saliſbury Court or any other houſe elſe aboveſaid, 
become bound to the ſaid Sir Wm. Davenant in a bond 
of ʒoool. conditioned for the performance of theſe 
[preſents]. And that evey ſucceffor to any of the ſaid 
five ſhares ſhall enter into the like bond, before hee or 
they ſhall bee admitted to have any part or proportion 
in the ſaid five ſhares, | 

Item, it is mutually agreed by and betweene all the. 
parties to theſe preſents, that the ſaid Sir William 
Davenant alone ſhall bee Maſter and Superior, and ſhall 
from time to time have the ſole government of the ſaid 
Thomas Batterton, 'Thomas Sheppey, Robert Noakes, 
James Noakes, Thomas Lovell, John Moſeley, Cave 
Underhill, Robert Turner and Thomas Lilleſton, and 
_ alſo of the ſaid Henry Harris, and their aſſociates, in re- 
lation to the playes | play-houſe] by theſe preſents agreed 
to bee erected. 8 


—— — 


On the 15th of Nov. 1660, Sir William D' Avenant's 
company began to act under theſe articles at the theatre 
in Saliſbury Court, at which houſe or at the Cockpit they 
continued to play till March or April 1662. In October 
1660, Sir Henry Herbert had brought an action on the 

4 caſe 


— I —— —_— 


ain _— — x — — 


— 


— —ͤ——ͤB— 


256 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
caſe againſt Mr. Mohun and ſeveral others of Killigrew's 


company, which was tried in December 1661, for repre- 
ſenting plays without being licenſed by him, and obtained 
a verdict againſt them, as appears from a paper which I 
ſhall inſert in its proper place. Encouraged by his ſuc- 
ceſs in that ſuit, ſoon after D'Avenant's company opened 
their new theatre in Portugal Row, he brought a ſimilar 
action (May 6, 1662,) againſt Mr. Betterton, of which 
I know not the event“. In the declaration, now before 
me, it is ſtated that D* Avenant's company, between the 
15th of November 1660, and the 6th of May 1662, pro- 
duced ten new plays and 100 revived plays ; but the latter 
number being the uſual ſtyle of declarations at law, may 
have been inſerted without a ſtrict regard to the fact. 
Sir Henry Herbert likewiſa brought two actions on 
the ſame ground againſt Sir William Davenant, in one 


of which he failed, and in the other was ſucceſsful. 


To put an end to the conteſt, Sir William in June 1662 
beſought the king to interfere. | | 


« To the Kings moſt Sacred Majeſty. 
*« The humble petition of Sir William Davenant, Knight. 


5 Sheweth, 
e That your petitioner has bin moleſted by Sir Henry 


1 


Harbert with ſeveral proſecutions at law. 


* From a paper which Sir Henry Herbert has entitled “ A Brjvear” 
of matters to be proved on this trial, it appears that he was poſſeſſed 
of the Office-books, of his predeceſſors, Mr. Tilney and Sir George 
Buc ; for, among other points of which proof was intended to be pro- 
duced, he ſtates, that © Several plays were allowed by Mr. Tilney in 
1598, which is 62 years ſince: 


The Fair Maid of London 

Richard Cordelion. | | 

King and no King allowed to be ated in . 
1611, and the ſame to be printed. Hogg —_—_ . 4 - 55 
bath loft its pearle, and hundreds more. . 


See the bookes. 


4 As 155 eee fevord Allowed to be acted in 1598. 


That 


* 

x 

{2 

+ 
pl 

» 
. 
5 
_ 
* 
75 0 

=> 
* My 5 
774 
* 
* 
. 
=: 
5 

. 
. 
* 
* 
2 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 247 


* That thoſe proſecutions have not proceeded by your 
petitioners default of not paying the ſaid Henry Harbert 
his pretended fees, (he never having ſent for any to your 
petitioner,) but becauſe your petitioner hath publiquely 
preſented plaies ; notwithſtanding he is authoriz'd there- 
unto by pattent from your Majeſties moſt royall Father, 
and by ſeveral warrants under your Majeſties royal hand 
and ſignet. | | 

That your petitioner (to prevent being out-law*d) has 
bin inforc*d to anſwer him in two tryals at law, in one 
of which, at Weſtminſter, your petitioner hath had a 
verdi& againſt him, where it was declar'd that he hath 
no juriſdiction over any plaiers, nor any right to demand 
fees of them. In the other, (by a London jury) the 
Maſter of Revels was allow'd the correction of plates, 
and fees for ſoe doing; but not to give plaiers any licence 
or authoritie to play, it being prov'd that no plaiers 
were ever authoriz'd in London or Weſtminſter, to play 
by the commiſſion of ye Maſter of Revels, but by autho- 
ritie immediately from the crowne. Neither was the 
proportion of fees then determin'd, or made certaine; be- 
cauſe ſeverall witneſſes affirm'd that variety of payments 
had bin made; ſometimes of a noble, ſometimes of 
twenty, and afterwards of forty ſhillings, for correcting 


a new play; and that it was the cuſtome to pay nothing 


for ſuperviſing reviv'd plaies. 
„That without any authoritie given him by that laſt 
verdict, he ſent the day after the tryall a prohibition 


under his hand and ſeale (directed to the plaiers in Little 


Lincolnes Inn fields) to forbid them to act plaies any 
more. ; 

«© Therefore your petitioner humbly praies that 
your Majeſty will graciouſly pleaſe (two 
verdicts having paſs'd at common law con- 
tradicting each other) to referr the caſe to 
the examination of ſuch honourable perſons 
as may ſatisfy your Majeſty of the juſt autho- 
ritie of the Maſter of Revells, that ſo his 

| fees (if any be due to him) may be made 
Vol. I. Paxr II. 18 certaine, 


238 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


certaine, to prevent extorſion ; and time pre- 
ſcribed how long he ſhall keep plaies in his 
hands, in pretence of correcting them; and 
whether he can. demand fees for reviv'd 
plaies; and laſtly, how long plaies may be 
lay'd — ere he ſhall judge them to be 
reviv 


«© And your petitioner (as 5 in duty bound) 
ſhall ever pray,“ &c, | 


4 At the Court at Hampton 8 the 3oth of June, 
1662. 

« His Majeſty, being graciouſly inclin'd to have a juſt 
and friendly agreement made betweene the petitioner 
and the ſaid Sir Henry Harbert, is pleas'd to referr 
this petition to the right honorable the Lord high Chan- 
cellor of England, and the Lord Chamberlaine, who 
are to call before them, as well the petitioner, as the 
ſaid Sir Henry Harbert, and upon hearing and examin- 
ing their differences, are to make a faire and amicable 
accomodation between them, if it may be, or otherwiſe 
to certify his Majeſty the true ſtate of this un. to- 
gether with their Lord. opinions. 


EDWARD NICHOLAS. 


«« Wee appoint Wedneſday morning next before tenn of 
the clock to heare this buſineſſe, of which Sir 
Henry Harbert and the other parties concern'd 
are to have notice, my Lord Chamberlaine hav- 
ing agreed to that hour. 


« July 7, 1662. | CLARENDONE.” 


On the feference to the Lord Chancellor and Lord 
Chamberlain, Sir Henry Herbert 8 the follow- 
ang ſtatement of his claims. ＋ | 
| «To 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 2359 

t To the R.t Honn. ble Edward Earle of Clarendon, Lord 

High Chancellor of England, and Edward Earle 

of Manchefter, Lord Chamberlain of his Ma. ties 
Houſehold, | 


In obedience to your lordſhips comandes ſignifyed unto 
mee on the ninth of this inftant July, do make a 
remembrance of the fees, profittes, and incidents, 
belongeing to ye office of the Reuells. They are as 
followeth : | 

"£5 So d. 


« For a new play, to bee brought with 


the booke - 002-00: 08 
“For an old play, to be brought with) 

the booke 5 = : o 
For Chriſtmaſſe fen - 003 oo oo 
c For Lent fee $7 - - 003 oO oo 


«© The profittes of a ſummers day play 
at the Black fryers, valued at 


4 The profitts of a winters day“, at 
Blackfryers - = - 

«© Beſides ſeuerall occafionall gratuityes 
from the late K.s company at B. fryers. 


For a ſhare from each company of four 
companyes of players (beſides the late 
Kinges Company) valued at a 1col. a þ 400 Oo 09 
yeare, one yeare with another, be- 
ſides the uſuall fees, by the yeare 
66e That the Kinges Company of players 
couenanted the 11th of Auguſt, 60, to 
pay Sir Henry Herbert per week, from 
that tyme, aboue the uſual fees - - 


oo OO Oo 


059 08 oo” 


004 oo oO 


It is extraordinary that the Maſter of the Revels ſhould have ven- 
tured to ſtate fifty pounds as the produce of each of the benefits given 
him by the King's company. We have ſeen (p. 153, ) that at an average 
they did not produce nine pounds each, and after a trial of ſome years 
he compounded with that company for the certain ſum of ten pounds 
for his winter's day, and the like ſum for his ſummer benefit. 


S 2 4 That 


266 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
«© That Mr. William Beeſton couenanted 


to pay weekly to Sir Henry Herder 004 o oo 


the ſumme of — | 
© That Mr. Rhodes promiſed the like STR 
per weeke be - ; 35 


© That the 121. per weeke from the three forenamed 
companyes hath been totally deteyned from Sir Henry 
Herbert ſince the ſaid 11h Aug. 60, by illegal and un- 
juſt means; and all uſuall fees, and obedience due 
to the offite of the Revells. 


| «© That Mr. Thomas Killegrew drawes 191. 68. per week 


from the Kinges Company, as credibly informed. 


« That Sir William Dauenant drawes 10 ſhares of 1 5 


ſhares, which is valued at zool. per week, cleer profitt, 


one week with another, as credibly informed. 


« Allowance for charges of ſuites at law, for that Sir 
Henry Herbert is unjuſtly putt out of poſſeſſion and 
profittes, and conld not obtaine an appearance gratis, 


« Allowance for damages ſuſteyned in creditt and pro- 
fittes for aboue two yeares ſince his Ma. ties happy Re- 
ſtauration. | 


« Allowance for their New Theatre to bee uſed as a 
playhouſe. 


„ Allowance for new and old playes ated by Sir William 


Dauenantes pretended company of players at Saliſ- 
bery Court, the Cockpitt, and now at Portugall- 
Rowe, from the 5th Novemb. 60. the tyme of their 
firſt conjunction with Sir William Dauenant. 


te Allowance for the fees at Chriſtmaſſe and at Lent from 
the ſaid tyme. 


c A boxe for the Maſter of the Reuells and his company, 


gratis ;—as accuſtomed, 


e A ſubmiſlion 


0 
4 
| 
N 
9 
*DY 
158 
þ 
LF 
8 
5 
z I 


4 
F 
F-4 
en 
5 
* 
2 
2 
3 
3 
BA 
5 » 
* 
IS 4 
N 
1 
he 
© 
8 
3 
IE 
5 
25 
os 
>» 
5 
N 
5 
Fa 
Ky 
IP 
in 
4 
'5 
4 
N 


LE 


n - 1 ; . 
a 1 A N * 3 W. 2 ” © a e 1 8 PE EO OS 
Wa IJ * . $ 1 = 
0 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 201 


© A ſubmiſſion to the authority of the Revells for the 
future, and that noe playes, new or old, bee acted, till 
they are allowed by the Maſter of the Reuells. 


4 That rehearſall of plays to be aQed at court, be made, 
as hath been accuſtomed, before the Maſter of the 
Reuells, or allowance for them. 


«© Wherefore it is humbly pray'd, that delay being the 
ſaid Dauenants beſt plea, wen he hath exerciſed by 
illegall actinges for almoſt two yeares, he may noe 
longer keep Sir Henry Herbert out of poſſeſſion of his 
rightes ; but that your Lordſhippes would ſpeedily aſſert 
the rights due to the Maſter of the Reuells, and aſcer- 


taine his fees and damages, and order obedience and 


Payment accordingly. And in caſe of diſobedience by 


the ſaid Dauenant and his pretended company of play- 


ers, that Sir Henry Herbert may bee at liberty to 


purſue his courſe at law, in confidence that he ſhall 


have the benefitt of his Ma. /s juſtice, as of your lord- 
ſhippes fauour and promiſes in ſatis faction, or liberty to 
proceed at law. And it may bee of ill conſequence that 
Sir Henry Herbert, dating for 45 yeares meniall ſervice 
to the Royal Family, and hauing purchaſed Sir John 
Aſnleys intereſt in the ſaid office, and obtained of the 
late Kings bounty a grante under the great ſeale of 


England for two liues, ſhould have noe other compenſa- 


tion for his many yeares faithfull ſervices, and conſtant 
adherence to his Ma.) intereſt, accompanyed with his 
great ſufferinges and loſſes, then to bee outed of his juſt 
poſſeſſion, rightes and profittes, by Sir William Daue- 
nant, a perſon who exerciſed the office of Maſter of the 


Reuells to Oliver the Tyrant, and wrote the Fir/# and 


Second Parte of Peru, ated at the Cockpitt, in Oliuers 
tyme, and ſoly in his fauour; wherein hee ſett of the 
juſtice of Oliuers actinges, by compariſon with the 
Spaniards, and endeavoured thereby to make Oliuers 
crueltyes appeare mercyes, in reſpect of the Spaniſh 

crueltyes; but the mercyes of the wicked are cruell. 
That the ſaid Dauenant publiſhed a poem in vindi- 
cation and juſtification of Oliuers actions and gouern- 
| 8 3 | ment, 


—— 


— _ a 
— — — — 
— — — — — 4 BY 
- 


— — 


— — —— — 


262 HIS TORICAL ACCOUNT 


ment, and an Epithalamium in praiſe of Olivers daughter 

Ms. Rich ;—as credibly informed“. | | 
„The matters of difference betweene Mr. Thomas 

Killigrew and Sir Henry Herbert are upon accomo- 


« My Lordes, | 
« Your Lordſhippes very humble Servant, 


„% 
Cary-houſe. HENRY HERBERT.“ 


Another paper now before me will explain what is 
meant by Sir Henry Herbert's concluding words. 

« ARTICLES of agreement, indented, made and 
agreed upon, this fourthe day of June, in the 14 yeare 
of the reigne of our 3 lord Kinge Charles the 
Second, and in the yeare of our Lord, 1662, betweene 
Sir Henry Herbert of Ribsford in the county of Worceſter, 
knight, of the one part, and Thomas Killegrew of 
Couent Garden, Eſq. on the other parte, as fol- 


lowethe: 


&« DImprimis, It is agreed, that a firme amity be con- 


cluded for life betweene the ſaid Sir Henry Herbert 


and the ſaid Thomas Killegrew. 
© [tem, The ſaid Thomas Killegrew doth for himſelfe 


couenant, promiſe, grant, and agree, to paye or cauſe 


to be pay*'d unto Sir Henry Herbert, or to his aſſignes, 
on or before the fourthe day of Auguſt next, all monies 
due to the faid Sir Henry Herbert from the Kinge 
and Queens company of players, called Mychaell 
Mohun, William Winterſhall, Robert Shaterell, Wil- 
liam Cartwright, Nicholas Burt, Walter Clunn, Charles 
Hart, and the reſt of that company, for the new plaies 
at fortie ſhillings a play, and for the old reuiued plaies 
at twentie ſhillings a play, they the ſaid players haue 
acted ſince the eleuenthe of Auguſt, in the yeare of our 
Lord, 1660, | b | 

Item, The ſaid Thomas Killegrew, Eſq. doth for him- 
ſelfe couenant, promiſe, grante, and agree, to paye or 


* This poem Sir William D'Avenant ſuppreſſed, for it does not 


appear in his works, 
| cauſe 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 263 
cauſe to be pay'd unto the ſaid Sir Henry Herbert, or to 
his aſſignes, on or before the fourthe day of Auguſt next, 
ſuch monies as are due to him for damages and loſſes 
obteyned at law ag.* Mychaell Mohun, William Win- 
terſhall, Robert Shaterell, William Cartwright, Nicho- 
las Burt, Walter Clunn, and Charles Hart, upon an 
action of the caſe brought by the ſaid Sir Henry Herbert 
in the courte of Comon Pleas ag. t ye ſaid Mychael Mohun, 
William Winterſhall, Robert Shaterell, William Cart- 
wright, Nicholas Burt, Walter Clunn, and Charles Hart, 
wherupon a verdict hath been obtayned as aforefaid ag.- 
them. And likewiſe doe promiſe and agree that the coſtes 
and charges of ſuite upon another action of the caſe brought 
by the ſaid Sir Henry Herbert ag.* the ſaid Mychaell 
Mohun & y* reft of ye players aboue named, ſhall be 

alſo payd to the ſaid Sir Henry Herbert or to his 
aſſignes, on or before the ſaid fourthe day of Auguſt next. 
Item, The ſaid Thomas Killegrew doth for himſelfe 
couenant, promiſe, grante and agree, that the ſaid 
Michaell Mohun and the reſt of the Kinge and Queenes 
company of players ſhall, on or before the ſaid fourthe 
day of Auguſt next, paye or cauſe to be pay*d unto the 
ſaid Sir Henry Herbert, or to his aflignes, the ſum of 
fiftie pounds, as a preſent from them, for his damages 

ſuſteyned from them, and by their means. | 
Item, That the ſaid 'Thomas Killegrew, Eſq. doth 
couenant, promiſe, grante, and agree, to be aydinge and 
aſſiſtinge unto the ſaid Sir Henry Herbert in the due exe- 
cution of the Office of the Reuells, and neither directly 
nor indirectly to ayde or aſſiſte Sir William Dauenant, 
Knight, or any of his pretended company of players, or 
any other company of players to be rays'd by him, or 
any other company of players whatſoever, in the due 
execution of the ſaid office as aforeſaide, foe as ye ayd 
ſoe to bee required of ye ſaid Thomas Killegrew extend 
not to ye ſilencing or oppreſſion of ye ſaid King and 

Queenes company. | | 
And the ſaid Sir Henry Herbert doth for himſelfe 
couenant, promiſe, grante, and agree, not to moleſt ye ſaid 
Thomas Killegrew, Eſq. or his heirs, in any ſuite at lawe 
or otherwiſe, to the preiudice of the grante made unto 
; I 4 * him 


264 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT. 


him by his Ma. tie, or to diſturbe the receiuinge of ye 
profits aryſing by contract from the Kinge and Queens 


. company of players to him, but to ayde and aſſiſte the 


ſaid Thomas Killegrew, in the due execution of the 
legall powers granted unto him by his Ma.** for the 
orderinge of the ſaid company of players, and in the 
levyinge and receiuinge of ye monies due to him the 
ſaid Thomas Killegrew, or which ſhall be due to him 


from ye ſaide company of players by any contract made 


or to be made between them or amongſt the ſame ; and 


neither directly nor indirealy to hinder the payment of 


ye ſaid monies to be made weekly or otherwiſe by y* ſaid 
company of players to ye ſaid Thomas Killegrew, Eſq. or 
to his aſſignes, but to be ayding and aſſiſtinge to the 
ſaid Thomas Killegrew, Eſq. and his aſſignes therein, 
if there be cauſe for it, and that the ſaid Thomas Kil- 
Jegrew deſire it of ye ſaid Sir Henry Herbert. 
© And the ſaid Sir Henry Herbert doth for himſelfe 
couenant, promiſe, grante, and agree, upon the per- 
formance of the matters which are herein contayned, 
and to be performed by the ſaid Thomas Killegrew, 
accordinge to the daies of payment, and other things 
lymited and expreſſed in theſe articles, to deliver into 
the hands of y*® ſaid Thomas Killegrew the deede of 


couenants, ſealed and delivered by the ſaid Mychaell 
Mohun and ye others herein named, bearing date the 11 


Auguſt, 1660; to be cancelled by the {aid Thomas 
Killegrew, or kept, as he ſhall thinke fitt, or to make 
what further advantage of the ſame in my name or right 
as he ſhall be aduiſed*,”” 


The actors who had performed at the Red Bull, acted 
under the direction of Mr. Killigrew during the years 


1660, 1661, 1662, and part of the year 1663, in Gib- 
bon's tennis- court in Vere-{reet, near Clare- market; 


during which time a new theatre was built for them in 


* On the back of this paper Sir Henry Herbert has written— 
Copy of the Articles ſealed and delivered the 5th June, 62, between 
Sir H. H. and Thomas Killegrew, Bonds of 5oocl., for the per- 
formance of covenants." e Cy CO of 


Drury 


4 og ———_—_— 


- ——— — 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 265 
Drury Lane, to which they removed in April 1663, 


The following liſt of their ftock-plays, in which it is ob- 


ſerveable there are but three of Shakſpeare, was found 
among the papers of Sir Henry Herbert, and was 
probably furniſhed by them ſoon after the Reſtoration, 

Names of the plays acted by the Red Bull actors. 
The Humorous Lieutenant, Elder Brother. 


Beggars Buſhe. The Silent Woman. 
Tamer Tamed. The Wedainge. 

The Traytor. . Henry the F ourthe. 

Lowes Cruelty, Merry Wives of Windſor. 
Wit witbout money. Kinge and no Kinge. 
Maydes Tragedy. „„ 
Philaſter. | Dumboys. 

Rollo Duke of Normandy. The Unfortunate Lovers. 
Claricilla. 1 The Widow. ; 


— 


Downes the prompter has given a lift of what he 
calls the principal old ſtock plays acted by the king's 
ſervants, (which title the performers under Mr. Killi- 
grew acquired,) between the time of the Reſtoration 
and the junction of the two companies in 1682; from 
which it appears that the only plays of Shakſpeare per- 
formed by them in that period, were K. Henry IF. P. I. 
The Merry Wives of Windſor, Othello, and Fulius Cæſar. 
Mr. Hart repreſented Othello, Brutus, and Hotſpur ; ' 
Major Mohun Iago, and Caſſius; and Mr, Cartwright 
Falſtaff. Such was the lamentable taſte of thoſe times 
that the plays of Fletcher, Johnſon and Shirley were 
much oftner exhibited than thoſe of our author. OF 
this the following liſt furniſhes a melancholy proof. It 
appears to have been made by Sir Henry Herbert in 
order to enable him to aſcertain the fees due to him, 
whenever he ſhould eſtabliſh his claims, which however 
he never accompliſhed. Between the play entitled Ar- 
galus and Parthenia, and The Loyal Subject, he has drawn 
a line; from which, and from other circumitances, I 
imagine that the plays which I have printed in Italicks 
were exhibited by the Red Bull actors, who afterwards 
bzcame the king's ſervants, | 
TD | pt | 1660, 


266 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


1660. Monday the 5 Nov. Wit without money. 
Tueſday the 6 Nov. The Traytor. 
Wenſday the 7 Nov. The Beggars Buſhe. 
Thurſday the 8 Nov. Henry the Fourth. | 

| [ Firft play acted at the new 
- theatre. ] 

Friday the 9g Nov. The Merry Wives of Windſor. 
Saturday the 10 Nov. The Sylent Woman. 
Tuſday the 13 Nov. Love lies a bleedinge, 
Thurſday the 15 Nov. Lowes Crucl:y, 
Friday the 16 Nov. The Wa. 
Saterday the 17 Nov. The Mayds Tragedy. 
Monday the 19 Nov. 7 he Unfortunate Lowers, 
Tuſday the 20 Nov. The Beggars Buſbe. 
Wenſday the 21 Nov. The Scornfull Lady. 
Thurſday the 22 Nov. The Traytor. 
Friday the 23 Nov. The Elder Brother. 
Saturday the 24 Nov. The Chances. 
Monday the 26 Nov. The Opportunity. 
Thurſday the 29 Nov. The Humorous Lieutenant. 
Saterday the 1 Dec, Clarecilla. 
Monday the 3 Dec. A Kinge and no Kinge. 
Thurſday the 6 Dec. Rollo, Date of Normandy. 
Saterday the 8 Dec. The Moore of Veniſe. 
Monday the 9 Jan. The Weddinge. 
Saterday the 19 Jan. The Loft Lady. 

Thurſday the 31 Jan. Argalus and Parthenia. 


| Loyal Subject. 
Feb. Mad Lover. | 
The Wild-gooſe Chaſe. f 
W All's Loſte by Luſte. 
r F Tube yd is the Mill 


A Wife for a Monthe. 
The Bondman. 
Decemb. 10 - A Dancing Maſter. 
Decemb. 11 = Vittoria Corombona. | 
Decemb. 12 The Country — : | 
| 1652. | ö 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE, 267 


1661. Decemb. 16 The Alchymiſt. 
Decemb. 17 - Bartholmew Faire. 
Decemb. 20 - - "The Spaniſh Curate, 
Decemb. 23, - - 'The Tamer Tamed. 
Decemb. 28 - - Aglaura. 
Decemb. 30 - - Buſly D'ambois. 
Janu. 6 - - Mery Devil of Edmonton. 

| = 1 - - - The Virgin Martyr. 
an, 11 - - - Philaſter, | 
Jan. 21 = - - FJovial Crew. | 

rn 28 - - Rule a wife and have a wife. 
Feb. 15 - - EKinge and no Kinge. 
Feb. 5 The Mayds Tragedy. 
Feb. 27 - - - Aglaur; the tragical way. 
March! - Humorous Lieutenant. 
March 3 - - Selindra—a new play. 
March Ii! The Frenche Dancinge Ma- 
March 15 - - The Little Theef. [ iter, 

1662, April a Northerne Laſſe. 
April ig - - - Fathers own ſon. 
April 25 - - - "The Surpriſal—a new play. 
May 5 - - Kt. of the Burning peſtle, 
May 12 =- - - Brenoralt. 
May 17 - - - Love ina maze. 


Loves Miſtreſs, 
Diſcontented Collonell. 
Love at firſt ſight. 
1662, June 1. Cornelia, a new play.—Sir 
W. Bartleys, 
June 6 -= - Renegado. 
July 6 -= = - 'The Brothers. 
The Antipodes, 
- - The Cardinall. 


1661, Octob. 26 


July 23 


From another liſt, which undoubtedly was made by Sir 
Henr: Herbert for the purpoſe I have mentioned, I learn 
that Macbeth was revived in 1663 or 1664 I ſuppoſe as 


altered by D'Avenant. 


4 >, << ea 


268 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


«© Nov, 3. 1663. Flora's Figaries - L. 2. 
A paſtoral called The Expoſure - 2. 


«© 8 more - =. 
A new play - - - LE -- 
5 Henry the 5th „„ WES 
4 Revived play. Taming the Shrew 1 
«© The Generall FF i j= Oy oe 
„ Parſons Wedinge 5 5 . 
4 Revived play. Macbeth > = 


K. Henry 8. Revived play 1. 
«« Houſe to be let — — - 2, 
More for plays, whereof Elvira 

the laſt — 5 - as 9. 


4 For playes Coats” 


Sir William D'Avenant's Company, after having 
played for ſome time at the Cockpit in Drury Lane, 
and at Saliſbury Court, removed in March or April 
1662, to a new theatre in Portugal Row near Lin- 
coln's Inn Fields. Mr. Betterton, his principal actor, we 
are told by Downes, was admired in the part of Pericles, 
which he frequently performed before the opening of the 
new theatre; and while this company continued to act in 
Portugal Row, they repreſented the following plays of 
Shakſpeare, and it ſhould ſeem thoſe only: Macbeth and 
The Tempeſt, altered by D'Avenant; King Lear, Ham- 
let, King Henry the Eighth, Romeo and Fuliet, and 
Tavelfth Night. In Hamlet, the Prince of Denmark 
was repreſented by Mr. Betterton; the Ghoſt by Mr. 
Richards; Horatio by Mr. Harris; the Queen by 


Mrs. Davenport; and Ophelia by Mrs. Saunderſon. In 


Romeo and Juliet, Romeo was repreſented by Mr. Harris, 
Mercutio by Mr. Betterton, and Juliet by Mrs. Saun- 
derſon. Mr, Betterton in Twelfth Night performed Sir 


Toby Belch, and in Henry the Eighth, the King. He 


was without doubt alſo the performer of King Lear. Mrs. 
Saunderſon repreſented Catharine in King Henry the 
Eighth, and it may be preſumed, Cordelia, and Miranda. 


She 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 265 
She alſo performed Lady Macbeth, and Mr. Betterton 
Macbeth. | | 
The theatre which had been erected in Portugal Row, 
being found too ſmall, Sir William D' Avenant laid the 
foundation of a new playhouſe in Dorſet Garden, near 
Dorſet Stairs, which however he did not live to ſee com- 
pleted ; for he died in May 1668, and it was not opened 
till 1671. There being ſtrong reaſon to believe that he 
was our poet's ſon, I have been induced by that circum- 
ſtance to inquire with ſome degree of minuteneſs into 
his hiſtory, I have mentioned in a preceding page that 
the account given of him by Wood, in his 4thene 
Oæonienſes, was taken from Mr. Aubrey's Manuſcript. 
Since that ſheet was printed, Mr. Warton has obligingly 
furniſhed me with an exact tranſcript of the article re- 
lative to D*Avenant, which, as it contains ſome par- 
ticulars not noticed by Wood, I ſhall here ſubjoin : 


MS. Aubrey. Mus. Asnmor. Lives. 
SIR WILLIAM DAVENANT, Kntcar, 


PoeT-LauReaT.*, 


was borne about the end of February in ſtreet 
in the city of Oxford, at the Crowne Taverne ; baptized 
3 of March A. D. 1605-6. His father was John Dave- 
nant, a vintner there, a very grave and diſcreet citizen: 
his mother was a very beautifull woman, and of a very 
good witt, and of converſation extremely agreable. 
They had 3 ſons, viz. Robert, William, and Nicholas; 
(Robert was a fellow of St. John's Coll. in Oxon. then 
preferd to the vicarage of Weſtkington by Bp. Davenant, 
whoſe chaplain he was; Nicholas was an attorney :) and 
2 handſome daughters; one m. to Gabriel Bradly, B. D. 
of C. C. C. beneficed in the vale of White Horſe ; an- 
other to Dr. Sherburne, miniſter of Pembordge [ bridge] 
in Heref. and canon of that church. Mr. Wa Shake. 


6 Mr. Warton informs me, that © it appears by Aubrey's letters 
that this Life of Davenant was ſent to Wood, and drawn up at his 
requeſt,” | 


ſpeare 


270 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
ſpeare was wont to goe into Warwickſhire once a yeare, 
and did comonly in his journey lie at this houſe in Oxon. 
where he was exceedingly reſpected. Now Sir Wil- 
ham would ſometimes, when he was pleaſant over a 
glaſſe of wine with his moſt intimate friends, (e. g. Sam 
Butler, author of Hudibras, etc. etc.) ſay, that it ſeem'd to 
him, that he writt with the very ſpirit that Shakeſpeare 
wrote with], and was contentedenough to bee thought his 
fon: he would tell them the ſtory as above. He went to 
ſchoole at Oxon. to Mr. Silveſter; Charles Wheare, F. 
LAlius] Degorii W., was his ſchoolfellow : but I feare, he 
was drawne from ſchoole, before he was ripe enoughe. 
He was preferred to the firſt Dutcheſs of Richmond, te 
wayte on ber as a page. I remember, he told me, ſhe 
ſent him to a famous apothecary for ſome unicorne's 
Horne, which he was reſolved to try with a ſpyder, 
which he empaled in it, but without the expected ſucceſs : 
the ſpider would goe over and through and thorough, 
unconcerned, He was next a ſervant (as I remember, a 
Page alſo) to Sir Fulke Grevil Ld. Brookes, with whom 
e lived to his death ; which was, that a ſervant of his 
that had long wayted on him, and his lor— [lordſhip] had 
often told him, that he would doe ſomething for him, but 
did not, but ſtill put him off with delay; as he was truſſing 
up his lord's pointes, comeing from ftoole, [for then 
their breeches were faſtened to the doubletts with 
pointes ; then came in hookes and eies, which not to 
have faſtened was in my boyhood a great crime, ] ſtabbed 
him. This was at the ſame time that the duke of 
Buckingham was ſtabbed by Felton; and the great noiſe 
and report of the duke's, Sir W. told me, quite drown'd 
this of his lord's, that was ſcarce taken notice of. This 
Sir Fulke G. was a good wit, and had been a good poet 
in his youth: he wrote a poeme in folio, which he print- 
ed not, till he was old, and then, as Sir W. ſaid, with 
too much judgement and refining ſpoiled it, which was 
at firſt a delicate thing. He [Dav.] writt a play, or 
plays, and verſes, which he did with ſo much ſweetneſſe 
and grace, that by it he got the love and friendſhip of 
his two Mæcenaces, Mr. Endymion Porter, and Mr. 
| | Henry 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 271 
Henry Jermyn, [| ſince E. of St. Albans] to whom he has 
dedicated his poem called Madegaſcar. Sir Fohn Suck- 
ling was his great and intimate friend. After the death 
of Ben Johnſon, he was made in his place Poet Laureat. 
He gott a terrible c—p of a black handſome wench, that 
lay in Axe-Yard, Weſtm.: whom he thought on, when 
he ſpeaks of Dalga, [in Gondibert] which coſt him his 
noſe; with which unlucky miſchaunce many witts were ſo 
cruelly bold, e. g. Sir John Menis, Sir John Denham, 
etc. etc. In 1641, when the troubles began, he was 
faine to fly into France, and at Canterbury he was ſeized 
. on by the Mayor. 


For Will had in his face the flaws 

And markes received in country's cauſe, 
They flew on him like lyons paſſant, 
And tore his noſe, as much as was on't ; 
And call'd him ſuperſtitious groome, 
And Popiſh dog, and cur of Rome, 
—— *rwas ſurely the firſt time, 

That Will's religion was a crime, 


In the Civill Warres in England, he was in the army of 
William Marqueſſe of Newcaſtle, [ ſince Duke] where he 
was generall of the ordinance. I have heard his brother 
Robert ſay, for that ſervice there was owing to him by 
King Charles the Firſt 100col. During that warre *twas 
his hap to have two Aldermen of Yorke his priſoners, 

. who were ſomethinge ſtubborne, and would not give the 
tanſome ordered by the councill of warre. Sir William 
uſed them civilly, and treated them in his tent, and ſate 
them at the upper end of his table & /a mode de France. 
And having done ſo a good while to his charge, told 
them (privately and friendly) that he was not able to 
keepe ſo chargeable gueſts, and bade them take an op- 
portunity to eſcape; which they did ; but having been 
gon a little way, they conſidered with themſelves, that 
in gratitude they ought to goe back, and give Sir 
William their thankes, which they did: but it was like 
to have been to their great danger of being taken by 
the ſoldiers; but they happened to gett ſafe to Vorke. 


The 


272 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT | 

The king's party being overcome, Sir W. Davenant, 
(who had the honour of knighthood from the D. of New- 
caſtle by commiſſion) went into France, and reſided in 
Paris, where the prince of Wales then was. He then 
began to write his romance in verſe, called Gondibert ; 
and had not writt above the firſt booke, but being very 
fond of it printed it, before a quarter finiſhed, with an 
epiſtle of his to Mr. Th. Hobbes, and Mr. Hobbes“ 
excellent epiſtle to him printed before it. The courtiers, 


with the Prince of Wales, could never be at quiet about 


this piece, which was the occaſion of a very witty but 
fatirical little booke of verſes in 8vo. about 4 ſheets, writt 
by G. D. of Bucks, Sir John Denham, etc. etc, 


«© That thou forſak' d thy ſleepe, thy diet, 
« And what is more than that, our quiet “.“ 


This laſt word, Mr. Hobbes told me, was the occaſion 
of their writing. a 5 

Here he lay'd an ingenioſe deſigne to carry a conſider- 
able number of artificers (chiefly weavers) from hence 
to Virginia ; and by Mary the Q's. mother's meanes he 
got, favour from the K. of France to goe into the priſons, 
and pick and chuſe: ſo when the poor dammed wretches 
underſtood, what the deſigne was, they cryed ano ore, tout 
tfſeran, we are all weavers, Well, 36, as I remember, 
he got, if not more, and ſhipped them ; and as he was in 
his voyage towards Virginia, he and his fran were all 
taken by the ſhips then belonging to the parliament of 
England. The flaves, I ſuppoſe, they fold, but Sir 
William was brought priſoner into England. Whether 
he was firſt a priſoner at Careſbroke Caſtle in the Iſle of 
Wight, or at the Towr of London, I have forgott; he 
was priſoner at both: his Gondibert was finiſhed at 
Careſbroke Caſtle. He expected no mercy from the par- 
liament, and had no hopes of eſcaping with his life. It 


pleaſed God, that the two aldermen of Yorke aforeſaid, 


* Theſe lines are inaccurately quoted by memory from Certain 
Perſes written by ſeveral of the author's friends, to be re-printed with 
the ſecond edition of Gondibert, 1653, | 


hearing 


c 
* SOIT nn 7 
- 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 273 
hearing that he was taken and brought to London to be 


tryed for his life, which they underſtood was in extreme 
danger, they were touched with ſo much generoſity and 


goodnes, as upon their own accounts and mere motion 


to try what they could to ſave Sir William's life, who 
had been ſo civill to them, and a means of ſaving theirs ; 
to come to London ; and acquainting the parliament 
with it, upon their petition, etc. Sir William's life was 
ſaved 7. Twas Harry Martyn, that ſaved Sir William's 
life in the houſe : when they were talking of ſacrificing 
one, then ſaid Hen, that in ſacrifices they always offered 
pure and without' blemiſh; now ye talk of making a 
ſacrifice of an old rotten raſcal,” Vid. H. Martyn's life, 
where by this rare jeſt, then forgot, the L.4 Falkland 
ſaved H. Martyn's life, 

Being freed from impriſonment, becauſe plays (ſcil. 
trage. and comedies) were in theſe preſbyterian times 
ſcandalous, he contrives to ſet up an opera, „lo recitativo 
wherein Sergeant Maynard and ſeveral citizens were 
engagers: it began in Rutland Houſe in Charter-houſe- 
yard: next, ſcilicet anno — at the Cock-pit in Drury 
Lane, where were acted very well, ylo recitativo, Sir 
Francis Drake, and the Siege of Rhodes, iſt and 2nd part. 


It did affect the eie and eare extremely, This firſt 


brought sCENEs in faſhion in England: before, at plays 
was only an hanging. | 

Anno Domini 1660, was the happy reſtauration of his 
Majeſty Charles [Ind ; then was Sir William made — 
— — — — and the Tennis-Court in 
Little Lincoln's Inn Fields was turned into a playhouſe 
for the Duke of York's players, where Sir William had 
lodgings, and where he dyed, Aprill 166—. 1 
was at his funeral: he had a coffin of walnut tree: Sir 


7 Mr. Warton obſerves to me, that © Aubrey does not ſay here that 


Wilton (with the two aldermen) was inſtrumental in ſaving D'Avenant's 


life. Dr. Johnſon is puzzled on what authority to fix this anecdote, 
Life of Milton, p. 181, $vo. edit. I believe that anecdote was firſt 


retailed in print by Wood, Ath. Oxon. II. 412.” 
% Here we have another and a decifive confirmation of what has been 


ſtated in a former page on the ſubject of ſcenes. See p. 72, et ſeq. 


Vo. I. ParTll. * John 


42 bs * ne . a m_ 


294 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 


John Denham ſaid, that it was the fineſt coffin that he 
ever ſaw. His body was carried in a hearſe from the 
playhouſe to Weſtminſter Abbey, where at the great weſt 
dore he was received by the ſing [ing] men and choriſ- 
ters, who ſang the ſervice of the church (I am the Re- 
ſurrection, etc. etc.) to his grave, which is near to the 
monument of Dr. Iſaac Barrow, which 1s in the South 
Croſſe aiſle, on which in a paving ſtone of marble is 
writt, in imitation of that on Ben. Johnſon, O rare Sir 
William Davenant. 

His firſt lady was Dr. *'s daughter, phyſitian, by 
whom he had a very beautiful and 1 ſon, that 
dyed above twenty years ſince. His ſecond lady was 
daughter of ——, by whom he had ſeveral children. 
I ſaw ſome very young ones at the funerall. His eldeſt 
is Charles Davenant, the Doctor, who inherits his father's 
beauty and phancy. He practices at Doctor's Com- 
mons. He writt a play called Circe, which has taken 
very well. Sir William hath writt about 25 plays, the 
Romance called Gondibert, and a little poem called 
Madagaſcar. 8 ö 

His private opinion was, that religion at laſt [e. g. a 
hundred years hence] would come to ſettlement; and 
that in a kind of ingenioſe Quakeriſme ?, | 

| | . 


s The following plays, written by Sir William D' Avenant, were 
licenſed by the Maſter of the Revels in the following order: 


The Cruel Brother, Jan. 12, 1626-7, 

- The Colonel, July 22, 1629. 
The Fuft Italian, Octob. 2, 1629. ; 
The Wits, Jan. 19, 1633-4. 
Love and Honour, Nov. 20, 1634. 
News from Plymouth, Aug. 1, 1635. 
Platonick Lovers, Nov. 16, 1635. | 
Brittannia Triumphans, licenſed for preſs, Jan. 8, 1637. 
Unfortunate Lovers, April 16, 1638, 50 
Fair Favourite, Nov. 17, 1638. 

— The Spaniſh Lovers, Nov. 30, 1639. - 

This piece is probably the play which in his works is called The 
Diftreſſes. | | ; 
Tove and Honour was originally called The Courage of Love. It was 
afterwards named by Sir Henry Herbert, at D*Avenant's requeſt, The 
Nonpareilles, or the Matchleſs Maids, | 


12 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 275 

On the gth of Novemb. 1671, D*'Avenant's company 
removed to their new theatre in Dorſet Gardens, which 
wes was 


In 1668 was publiſhed Sir William D. Avenant's Voyage to the other 


world, <wwith bit adventures in the poet's Elizium, written by Richard 


Flecknoe, which I ſubjoin to the memoirs of that poet. Conſiſting 
of only a fingle ſheet, the greater part of the impreſſion has probably 
periſhed, for I have never met with a ſecond copy of this piece : 

« Sir William D*Avenant being dead, not a poet would afford him 
ſo much as an elegi; ; whether becauſe he ſought to make a monopoly 
of the art, or fliove to become rich in ſpight of Minerva: it being 
with poets as with muſhrooms, which grow onely on barren ground, 
inrich the ſoyl once, and then degenerate :' onely one, more humane 
than the reſt, accompany'd him to his grave with this elogium, 


Now Davenant's dead, the ſtage will mourn, 
And all to barbariſm turn; b 

Since he it was, this later age, 

Who chiefly civiliz'd the ſtage. 


Great was his wit, his fancy great, 
As e're was any poet's yet; 

And more advantage none e'er made 
O' th' wit and fancy which he had. 


Not onely Dedalus' arts he knew, 
But even Prometheus's too; 

And living machins made of men, 
As well as dead ones, for the ſcene, 


And if the ſtage or theatre 2 — 
A little world, *twas chiefly he, 

That, Atlas. like, ſupported it, — 
By force of induſtry and wit. 


All this, and more, he did beſide, 
Which having perfected. he dy'd: 

If he may properly be ſaid 

To die, whoſe fame will ne'er be dead. 


cc Another went further yet, and uſing the privilege of your anti- 
ent poets, who with allmoſt as much certainty as your divines, can 
tell all that paſſes in the other world, did thus relate his voyage 
thither, and all his adventures in the poets' elyzium. | 

c As every one at the inſtant of their deaths, have paſſports given 
them for ſome place or other, he had his for the poets? elyzium ; which 


not without much difficulty he obtained from the officers of — 


T 2 


FE PE EP 


ſl 
1 
| 
I 
| 
| 
. 


276 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
was opened, not with one of Shakſpeare's plays, but 


with Dryden's comedy called Sir. Martin Marall?, 
| | | Between 


for when he alledg'd, he was an heroick poet, they aſk'd him why 
he did not continue it? when he ſaid he was a dramatick too, they 
aſk'd him, why he left it off, and onely ſtudied to get money; like 
him who ſold his horſe to buy him provender: and finally, when he 
added, he was a poet laureate, they laugh'd, and ſaid, bayes was never 
more cheap than now; and that fince Petrarch's time, none had 
ever been legitimately crown'd. a ADE? 

«© Nor had he leſs difficulty with Charon, whs Hearing he was rich, 
thought to make booty of him, and aſk'd an extraordinary price for 
his paſſage over; but coming to payment, he found he was ſo poor, 
as he was ready to turn him back agen, he having hardly ſo much as 
his naulum, or the price of every ordinary paſſenger. 

« Being arriv'd, they were all much amaz'd to ſee him there, 
they having never heard of his being dead, neither by their weekly 
gazets, nor cryers of verſes and pamphlets up and down; (as common 
a trade there, almoſt as it is here: ) nor was he leſs amaz'd than they, 
to find never a poet there, antient nor modern, whom in ſome ſort 
or other he had not diſoblig'd by his diſcommendations ; as Homer, 
Virgil, Taſſo, Spencer, and eſpecially Ben. Johnſon; contrary to 
Plinies rule, never to diſcommend any of the ſame profeſſion with 
our ſelves: © for either they are better or worſe than you (ſays he) ; 
if better, if they be not worthy commendations, you much leſs; if 
worſe, if they be worthy commendations, you much more: ſo every 
ways advantagious 'tis for us to commend others.“ Nay, even Shake- 
ſpear, whom he thought to have found his greateſt friend, was as 
much offended with him as any of the reſt, for ſo ſpoiling and mangling 
of his plays. But he who moſt vext and tormented him, was his old 
antagoniſt Jack Donne, who mock'd him with a hundred paſſages out 
of Gondibert; and after a world of other railing and ſpightful language 
(at which the doctor was excellent) ſo exaſperated the knight, at laſt, 
as they fell rogether by the ears : when but imagine 

What tearing noſes had been there, 


Had they but noſes for to tear *. 
tc Mean 


* John Donne, the eldeſt ſon of Donne the poet, was a Civilian, 


He is ſaid to have met with a misfortune fimilar to that of D*Ave- 


Nant, ; | FT 


— 


9 The building, ſcenes, &c. of that theatre coſt 5o0ool. according 
to a ſtatement given in a petition preſented to Queen Anne about the 
year 1709, by Charles D'Avenant, Charles Killegrew, Chriſtopher 
Rich, and others. | | 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 277 
Between the year 1671 and 1682, when the King's and 


the Duke of York's ſervants united, (about which time 
\ | Charles 


ce Mean time the comick poets made a ring about them, as boys 
do when: they hiſs dogs together by the ears; till at laſt they were 
ſeparated by Pluto's officers, as diligent to keep the peace and part the 
fray, as your Italian Sbirri, or Spaniſh Alguazilo; ans ſo they drag'd 
them both away, the doctor to the ſtocks, for raiſing tumults and 
diſturbances in hell, and the knight to the tribunal, where Minos, 
ZEacus and Rhadamanthus were to fit in judgement on him, with 
Momus the common accuſer of the court. | 
Here being arriv'd, and filence commanded, they aſk'd him his 
quality and profeſſion : to whom he anſwer'd, he was a Poet-laureate, 
who for poetry in general had not his fellow alive, and had left none 
to equal him now he was dead: and for eloquence, ; 


How never any byperbolies | 
Were higher, or farther ftretch'd than bis; 
Nor ever compariſons again 


Made things compar'd more clear and plains 
Then for his plays or dramatick poetry. 


How that of The Unfortunate Lovers 
The depth of tragedy diſcovers ; 
In's Love and Honour you'mrgbt ſee 
The height of tragecomedyz © 
And for bis Wits, the comick fire . 
In none yet euer flam'd up bigher : 1 
But coming to his Siege of Rhodes, 3 
It outwent all the reſt by odds; 
And ſomewhat's in t, that does out- do 
Beotb tb' antients and the moderns too. i 
ce To which Momus anſwered: that though they were never ſo 
good, it became not him to commend them as he did; that there were 
faults enough to be found in them; and that he had mar'd more good 
plays, than ever he had made; that all his wit lay in hyberhglies and 
compariſons, which, when acceſſory, were commendable; enough, 
but when principal, deſerved no great commendations; that his muſe 
was none of the nine, but onely a mungril, or by-blow. of Parnaſſus, 
and her. beauty rather ſophiſticate than natural ; that he offer'd at 
learning and philoſophy, but as pullen and ſtubble geeſe offer'd to fly, 
who after they had flutter'd up a while, at length came fluttering 
down as faſt agen; that he was with his high-ſounding words, but like 
empty hogſheads, the higher they ſounded, the emptier ſtill they were; 
and. that, finally, he ſo-perplex'd himſelf and readers with parentheſis 
on parentheſis, as, juſt as in a wilderneſs or labyrinth, all ſenſe was 
168 tham (757007 OT VT a 
55 t in T3 33 40 A8 


278 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT. 


Charles Hart *, the privgips] ſupport of the former com- 
pany, died,) King Lear, Timon of Athens, Macbeth, and 
6 7 The 
« As for his life and manners, they would not examine thoſe, ſince 
*twas ſuppos'd they were licentious enough: onely he wou'd ſay, 
' He was a good companion for 5 : 
The rich, but ill one ge, | | 
On wvhom be lotk'd ſo, you'd believe 
He wall d with a face negative: 
Whilft be mu be à lord at leaſt, | 
For whom be d ſmile or break a jeaſt. *D 
& And though this, and much more, was exaggerated againſt him by 

Momus, yet the judges were ſo favourable to him, becauſe he ha 
left the muſes for Pluto, as they condemned him onely to live in 
Pluto's court, to make him and Proſerpina merry with his facetious 
jeaſts and ſtories; with whom in ſhort time he became fo gracious, 
by complying with their humours, and now and then dreſſing a diſh or 
two of meat for them“, as they joyn'd him in patent with Momus, 
and made him ſuperintendent of all their ſports and recreations: ſo as, 
onely changing place and perſons, he is now in as good condition as 
he was before; and lives the ſame life there, as he did here. 


{P04 TAG RECs: cd ro 
& 7% the Actors of the Theatre in Linco!ns-Inn-Fields. 


& J promiſed you a ſight of what I had written of Sir William 
D*Avenant, and now behold it here's by it you will perceive how much 
they abuſed you, who told you it was ſuch an abuſive thing. If you 
like it not, take heed hereafter how you diſoblige him, who can not 
onely write for you, but againſt you too. 4 

* RICH. FLECRNOE.“ 
1 Prom the preface to Settle's Fatal Love, 1680, it ſhould ſeem that 
he had then retired from the ſtage, perhaps in the preceding year; 
for in the prologue to the Ambitious Stateman, 1679, are theſe 
lines, evidently alluding to him and Mr. Mohun: 5 
4 The time's neglect and maladies have thrown 

% The two great pillars of our playhouſe down.? | 

Charles Hart, who, I believe, was our poet's great nephew, is ſaid to 

have been Nell'Gwin's firſt lover, and'was the moſt celebrated tragedian 


* R ; 3 
of his time. e e eee 
6 , 0 4 WT YT RT OOTY 1 89 4 * 2 4 
4 40 * ; I x : $36) Ma 4 3» - 78 c« What 
1 7 ; 3 $ 


. ” vi 4x4 ws. 4 
" 5 4 * is 43 & "= $14.4 "©. 
e 2 eB % 


2 "ER ©: 1 ail. ici. OT. 


ͤ—— . TY” Y 


— n Ol —_— 
4 


his ſeems to allude to a fact then well known. D'Avenant 
was probably admitted to the private ſuppers of Charles the Second, 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 259 


The Tempeſt, were the only plays of our author that were 
exhibited at the theatre in Dorſet Gardens; and the 
9 three 
cc What Mr. Hart delivers, (ſays Rymer) every one takes upon 
content; their eyes are prepoſſeſſed and charmed by his action before 
aught of the poet's can approach their ears; and to the moſt wretched 
of characters he gives a luſtre and brilliant, which dazzles the fight, that 
the deformities in the poetry cannot be perceived.“ «« Were a poet, 
fays another contemporary writer, nay a Fletcher, a Shakſpeare, I 
would quit my own title to immortality, ſo that one actor might never 
die. This I may modeſtly ſay of him, (nor is it my particular opinion, 
but the ſenſe of all mankind,) that the beſt tragedies on the Engliſh 
ſtages have received their luſtre from Mr, Hart's performance; that he 
has left ſuch an impreſſion behind him, that no leſs than the interval 
of an age can make them appear again with half their majeſty from 
any ſecond hand.” 

In a pamphlet entitled The Life of the late famous comedian, J. 
Hayns, 8vo, 1701, a characteriſtick trait of our poet's kinſman is 
preſerved : | 

About this time [1673] there happened a ſmall pick between 
Mr. Hart and Jo, upon the account of his late negotiation in France“, 
and there ſpending the company ſo much money to ſo little purpoſe, 
or, as I may more properly ſay, to no purpoſe at all. | 
There happened to be one night a play acted called Catiline's Conſpi- 
racy, wherein there was wanting a great number of ſenators. Now 
Mr. Hart, being chief of the houſe, would oblige Jo to dreſs for one 
of theſe ſenators, although his ſalary, being 508. per week, freed him 
from any ſuch obligation. 

© But Mr. Hart, as I faid before, being ſole governour of the play- 
houſe, and at a ſmall variance with Jo, commands it, and the other 
muſt obey. | 

« To, being vexed at the ſlight Mr. Hart had put upon him, 
found out this method of being revenged on him, He gets a Scara- 
mouch dreſs, a Jarge full ruff, makes himſelf whiſkers from ear to ear, 
puts on his head a long Merry Andrew's cap, a ſhort pipe in his 
mouth, a little three-legged ſtool in his hand; and in this manner 
follows Mr, Hart on the ſtage, ſets himſelf down behind him, and 
begins to ſmoke his pipe, laugh, and point at him. Which comical 
figure put all the houſe in an uproar, ſome laughing, ſome clapping, 
and ſome hollaing, Now Mr. Hart, as thoſe who knew him can aver, 
was a man of that exactneſs and grandeur on the ſtage, that let what 
would happen, he'd never diſcompoſe himſelf, or mind any thing but 
what he then repreſented; and had a ſcene fallen behind him, he 

Ns f would 


n 3 1 2 8 ——_—_F. 


„ 


* 


* Soon after the theatre in Drury Lane was burnt down, Jan. 
1671-2, Hayns had been ſent to Paris by Mr. Hart and Mr. Killi- 
grew, to examine the machinery employed in the Freneh Operas, 


4 


—— ́ 


4＋93———— —ͤ—— — 


230 HISTORICAL ACCOUNT. 


three latter were not repreſented in their original ſtate, 
but as altered by D*Avenant* and Shadwell. Between 
1682 and 1695, when Mr.Congreve, Mr. Betterton, Mrs. 
Barry, and Mrs. Bracegirdle, obtained a licence to open 
a new theatre in Lincoln's Inn Fields, Ozhello, A Mid- 
Summer-Night's Dream, and The Taming of the Shrew, 
are the only plays of Shakſpeare which Downes the 


prompter mentions, as having been performed by the 


united companies : A Mid/ummer-Night's Dream was 
transformed into an opera, and T7 he Taming of the Shrew 
was exhibited as altered by Lacy. Dryden's Troilus and 
Crefiaa, however, the two parts of K. Henry IV. Twelfth 
Night, Macbeth, King Henry VIII. Julius Cæſar, and 
Hamlet, were without doubt ſometimes repreſented in 
the ſame period: and Tate and Durfey furniſhed the ſcene 
with miſerable alterations of Coriolauus, K. Richard II. 
King Lear, and Cymbeline*. Otway's Caius Marius, 


would not at that time look back, to have ſeen what was the matter 
which Jo knowing, remained ſtill ſmoaking ; the audience continued 
laughing, Mr. Hart acting, and wondering at this unuſual occafion 
of their mirth; ſometimes thinking it ſome diſturbance in the houſe, 
again that it might be ſomething amiſs in his dreſs: at laſt turning 
himſelf toward the ſcenes, he diſcovered Jo in the aforeſaid poſture z 
whereupon he immediately goes off the ſtage, ſwearing he would never 
ſet foot on it again, unleſs Jo was immediately turned out of doors, 
which was no ſooner ſpoke, but put in practice.“ 

2 6 The tragedy of Macbeth, altered by Sir William D'Avenant, 
being dreſt in all its finery, as new cloaths, new ſcenes, machines, 
as flyings for the witches, with all the finging and dancing in it, (the 
firſt compoſed by Mr. Lock, the other by Mr. Channel and Mr. 
Joſeph Prieſt,) it being all excellently performed, being in the natare 
2 opera, it recompenced double the expence: it proves ſtill a 

ing play.” Roſcius Anglicanus, p. 33. 3vo. 1708. 

e In 1673, The Tempeſt or the Inchanted Iſland, made into an opera 
by Mr. Shadwell, having all new in it, as ſcenes, machines; one 
ſcene painted with myriads of aerial ſpirits, and another flying away, 
with a table furniſhed out with fruits, ſweatmeats, and all ſorts of 
viands, juſt when duke Trinculo and his company were going to dinner 
all things were performed in it ſo admirably well, that not any ſucceed- 
ing opera got more money. Ibidem, p. 34. 

* King Richard II. and King Lear were produced by Tate in 1681, 


before the union of the two companies; and C:riolanus, under the title 


of The Ingratitude of a Common wealth, in 1682, In the ſame year 


appeared Durfey's alteration of Cymbeline, under the title of The Injured 
which 


Princeſs. 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 281 


which was produced in 1680, uſurped the place of our 


poet's Romeo and Fulict for near ſeventy years, and Lord 
Lanſdown's Jew , Venice kept poſſeſſion of the ſtage 
from the time of its firſt exhibition in 1701, to the year 
1741. Dryden's All for Lowe, from 1678 to 1759, was 
performed inſtead of our author's Antony and Cleopatra; 
and D' Avenant's alteration of Macbeth in like manner 


was preferred to our author's tragedy, from its firſt ex- 
hibition in 1663, for near eighty years. | 


In the year 1700 ('ibber produced his alteration of 
K. Richard III. I do not find that this play, which was 
ſo popular in Shakſpeare's time, was performed from 
the time of the Reſtoration to the end of the laſt cen- 
tury. The play with Cibber's alterations was once 
performed at Drury Lane in 1703, and lay dormant 
from that. time to the 28th of Jan. 1710, when it 
was revived at the Opera Houſe in the Haymarket; 
fince which time it has been repreſented, I believe, 
more frequently than any of our author's dramas, ex- 
cept Hamlet. | 

On April 23, 1704, The Merry Wives of Windfar, by 
command of the Queen, was performed at St. James's, 
by the actors of both houſes, and afterwards publickly 


' repreſented at the theatre in Lincoln's Inn Fields, 


May 18, in the ſame year, by Mr. Betterton's com- 
pany; but although the whole force of his company 
was exerted in the repreſentation, the piece had ſo 
little ſucceſs, that it was not repeated till Nov. 3, 
1720, when it was again revived at the ſame theatre, 
and afterwards frequently performed. 

From 1909, when Mr. Rowe publiſhed his edition of 
Shakſpeare, the exhibition of his plays became much 
more frequent than before. Between that time and 1740, 
our poet's Hamlet, Fulius Ceſar, K. Henry VIII. Othello, 
K. Richard III. King Lear, and the two parts of King 
Henry IV. were very frequently exhibited. Still, howe- 
ver, ſuch was the wretched taſte of the audiences of 
thoſe days, that in many inſtances the contemptible 
alterations of his pieces were preferred to the originals. 

: 1 Durfey's 


— 


— are ———7ꝶ„ — —— — : ðöq r» 


2 _ - 2 
— —— — — — ns 
— —— — — — — — —— ——— —ͤ , — — 


282 . HISTORICAL ACCOUNT 
Durfey's Injured Princeſs, which had not been acted from 
1697, was again revived at Drury Lane, October 5, 
1717, and afterwards often repreſented. Even Raven- 
croft's Titus Andronicus, in which all the faults of the 
original are greatly aggravated, took its turn on the 
ſcene, and after an intermiſſion of fifteen years was re- 


-vived at Drury Lane in Auguſt 1917, and afterwards 


frequently performed both at that theatre and the 
theatre in Lincoln's Inn Fields, where it was exhibited 


for the firſt time, Dec. 21, 1720. Coriolanus, which had 


not been acted for twenty years, was revived at the 
theatre in Lincoln's-Inn-Fields, Dec. 13, 1718; and 
in Dec. 1719, King Richard II. was revived at the 
ſame theatre: but probably neither of theſe plays was 
then repreſented as originally written by Shakſpeare 3. 
Meaſure for Meaſure, which had not been acted, I ima- 
gine, from the time of the ſuppreſſion of the theatres 
in 1642, was revived at the ſame theatre, Dec. 8, 
1720, for the purpoſe of producing Mr. Quin in the 
character of the Duke, which he frequently performed 
with ſucceſs in that and the following years. Much ado 
about nothing, which had not been aQed for thirty years, 
was revived at Lincoln's-Inn-Fields, Feb.g, 1721; but 
after two repreſentations, on that and the following 
evening, was laid aſide. In Dec. 1723, King Henry V. 
was announced for repreſentation, ** on Shakſpeare's 
foundation, and performed at Drury Lane fix times 
in that month ; after which we hear of it no more: 
and on Feb. 26, 1737, King John was revived at 
Covent Garden. Neither of theſe plays, I believe, 


had been exhibited from the time of the downfall of 


the ſtage. At the ſame theatre our poet's ſecond part 
of King Henry IV. which had for fifty years been driven 


3 In the theatrical advertiſement, Feb. 6, 1738, King Richard II. 
which was then produced at Covent Garden,) was ſaid not to have 
been acted for forty years. 

4 On the revival of this play in 1720, it was announced as not 
having been acted for twenty years: but the piece which had been per- 
formed in the year 1700, was not Shakſpeare's, but Gildon's. 5 
| rom 


OF THE ENGLISH STAGE. 283 
from the fcene by the play which Mr.. Betterton ſub- 
ſtituted in its place, reſumed its ſtation, being produced 
at Covent Garden, Feb. 16, 1738; and on the 23d of 
the ſame month Shakſpeare's XK. Henry V. was per. 
formed there as originally written, after an interval, 
if the theatrical advertiſement be correct, of forty 
years. In the following March the ſame company 
once exhibited the Firff Part of King Henry V. for 
the firſt time, as they aſſerted, for fifty years3. As 
you like it was announced for reprefentation at Drury 
Lane, December 20, 1740, as not having been acted 
for- forty years, and repreſented twenty-ſix. times in 
that ſeaſon. At Goodman's Fields, Jan. 15, 1741, 
The Winter's Tale was announced, as not having been 


ated for one hundred years; but was not equally.ſuce | 


ceſsful, being only performed nine times. At- Drury 
Lane, Feb. 14, 1741, The Merchant of Venice, which, I 
believe, had not been ated for one hundred years; was 
once more reſtored to the ſcene by Mr. Macklin, who 
on that night firſt repreſented Shylock ; a part which 
for near fifty years he has. performed with unrivalled 
ſucceſs. - In the following month the company at 
Goodman's Fields endeavoured to make a ftand againft 
him by producing Al's well that ends well, which, 
they aſſerted, had not been acted fince Shakspeare's 
time. But the great theatrical event of this year was 
the appearance of Mr. Garrick at the theatre in 
Goodman's Fields, Oct. 19, 1741 ; whoſe good taſte led 
him to ſtudy the plays of Shakſpeare with more aſſiduity 
than any of his predeceſſors. Since that time, in con- 
ſequence of Mr. Garrick's admirable performance of 
many of his principal characters, the frequent repreſen- 
tation of his plays in neatly their original ſtate, and 
above all, the various refearches which have been made 
for the purpoſe of explaining and illuſtrating his works, 
our poet's reputation has been yearly increaſing, and 


5 King Henry VI. altered from Shakſpeate by Theophilus Cibber, 


was performed by a ſummer company at Drury Lane, July 5 17233 


but it met with no ſucceſs, being repreſented only once. 
4 | 1s 


— — — 


P — —— — — . —— K —L—t . — . Exe 
* — —— — —— 222 


* F I AR Ir 5 
1. xo Co 
— 2 2 eee — wat 


—_— 


— — ˙emm˙¹.¹ u ? — — 


. ⁵˙ ＋eß . EEEEE—_————_— — 


284 EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 


is now fixed upon a baſis, which neither the lapſe of 
time nor the fluctuation of opinion will ever be able 
to ſhake. ' Here therefore I conclude this imperfect ac- 
count of the origin and progreſs of the Engliſh Stage“ 
36 Ya E * ; ' 


ieee 5-54 - | „5 ä 
EMENDATIONS ANY ADDITIONS. 
8 Vor. I. "TART bo 
Page 73. I. 4.] The mark & has been placed by the 
careleſſneis of the compoſitor before the edition of 
1565. It ought to have been placed before that of 
1 6 "IF 3 hl £6 . 148251 11 | 
—_— 7; 2.] To: Shakſpeare's income from his 
real and perſonal property muſt be added L. 200 per 
Ann, which he probably derived from the theatre, while 
he contiuved: on the ſtage... See Vol. I. Part II. p. 156. 
Pag. 119. n. 7. 1. 10. ] For iii s. r. xiii s. The miſ- 
take was made by Dugdale. | a 
Pag. 123. n. 2z.] Dr. Hall's pocket- book after his 
41 fell into the hands of a ſurgeon of Warwick, who 
bliſhed a tranſlation of it, (with ſome additions of 
bis own) under the title of Se/2# Ob/ervations on Engliſh 
Bodies of eminent perſons, in deſperate diſeaſes, &c. The 
third edition was printed in 1683. | 
Pag. 128. I. 11.} For 1623, r. 1621. Hes fi 
Pag. 131. n. 2. I. 4.] After Wc. add — And in the 
fifth Iine we find a thought which our poet has alſo in- 
troduced in K. Henry VIII. | SOS! 
«© Ever belov'd and loving may his rule be! 
«« And, when old time ſhall lead him to his grave, 
„ Goodneſs and he fill up one monument! f 
This epitaph muſt have been written after the year 
1600, for Venetia Stanley, who afterwards was the 
wife of Sir Kenelm Digby, was born in that year. With 
a view to aſcertain its date more preciſely, the churches 
of Great and Little Waltham have been ee 
1 e : tne 


— 


EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 285 


the monument ſaid to have been erected to Lady Lucy 
Stanley and her four daughters, but in vain; for no 
trace of it remains: nor could the time of their reſpective 
deaths be aſcertained, the regiſters of thoſe pariſhes 
being loſt. 1 yy 

Pag. 137. I. 14 of the note, ] For her, r. his. 

Pag. 161. n. 7. I. 5.] For tuum, r. tuus. 

Pag. 162. n. 8. I. 2.] For 1685, r. in or about 1682. 

Pag. 171. n. 1. I. 2z.] For zen, r. eighteen. 

Pag. 173. n. 7. I. 4. ] For born, r. baptized, 

Pag. 187. n. 5. I. 5. J For Juby, r. June. 

Pag. 197. n. 1. I. 9.] For 1735, r. 1635. After line 
10, add — © 

William Baſſe, according to Wood, Alben. Oxon. 
Vol. II. p. 812,] * was of Moreton near Thame in 
Oxfordſhire, and was ſometime a retainer to the Lord 
| Wenman of Thame Park.” There are ſome verſes by 
him in Annalia Dubrenſia, 4to. 1636; and in Bathurſt*s 
Life and Remains by the Rev. Thomas Warton, 8vo. 
1761, there is a poem by Dr. Bathurſt «© to Mr. Wil- 
liam Baſſe, upon the intended publication of his Poems, 
Jan. 13, 1651.” The volume never, I believe, ap- 
peared. | i 

Pag. 209.] To the letters 7. M. S. add this note. 
Probably, Jaſper Mayne, Student. He was born in 
the year 1604, and became a Member of Chriſt Church, 
in Oxford, in 1623, where he was ſoon afterwards 
elected a Student. In 1628 he took a bachelor's degree, 
and in June 1631, that of a Maſter of Arts. Theſe 

verſes firſt appeared in the folio, 1632. N 
Pag. 212, n. 5. ] Dele this note. The Fortune 
company, I find from Sir Henry Herbert's Manuſcript, 
removed to the Red Bull, and the Prince's Company to 
the Fortune, in the year 1640; theſe verſes therefore 
could not have been written ſo early as 1623. 

Pag. 230. I. 17.] For 1789. r. 1790. 

Pag. 234. l. 7.] For 1789. r. 1790. 1 

Pag. 264. n. 4. I. 7. ] For The were not, r. None of 
theſe, except Othello, were —= — 


Pag. 


— P O ¹wmͥm ⅛mq ̃ Qmq— »⁰Qãmꝛ daz ß; r —— 


| 
| 
| 
| 
q 


| 
f 
' 
f 


3 


— 
> 


—6— —— 


— — ¶ ͤ nn — —— — 
— — —— Im — 
* —— — 


28s EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 
Pag. 409! 1. 19.] For the children of the queens chapel, 
r. the finging boys of St. Paul s. 


Pag. 310. I. 20.] For among the children of the chapel, | 


r. by the younger brood of players. 


Pag. 331. l. 6.] Add That they were inſtituted 


about the year 1603, when King James acceded to the 
Engliſh throne, may be collected from the account 


given of them by Wood in his Athen. Oxon. Vol. II. 


P- 812: The ſaid games were begun, and continued at 
a certain time of the year for 40 years, by one Robert 
Dover, an attorney of Burton on the heath in Warwick- 
ſhire ; who did, with leave from King Janes I. ſelect a 
place on Cotſwold-hills ia Glouceſterſhire, whereon 
thoſe games ſhould be acted. Dover was conftantly 
there in perſon, well mounted and accoutred, and was 
the chief director and manager of thoſe games, even 
till the raſcally rebellion was begun by the Prefbyterians, 
which gave a ſtop to their proceedings, and ſpoiled all 
that was generous and ingenious elſewhere.” _ 

Pag. 348. The Winter's Tale.) I have obſerved in a 
note that Ben Jonſon has ridiculed this play and the 
Tempeſt, in his Bartholomew Fair, which firſt appeared 
in the year 1614, and that he might have been induced 
to do ſo from their having been ated at court in the 
rogers year. But IJ am now inclined to think that 


de rather joined theſe plays in the ſame cenſure, in con- 
ſequence of their having been produced at no great 


diſtance of time from each other; and that The Winter's 


- Tale ought to have been aſcribed to the year 1613. In 


the office-book of Sir Henry Herbert I obſerve, that 


among the court-plays performed at Chriſtmas were 


generally included the laſt new pieces which had been 
exhibited on the publick ſtage. Several of Fletcher's 
latter plays were performed at court in the ſame year 
in which thay were firſt repreſented. But the entry 
which has been quoted in a preceding page“, relative to 
The Winter's Tale, furniſhes a ſtill ſtronger reaſon for 


6 P. 226, 


referring 


n TOP eee N 


A K PORTER. 


 EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 287 


referring it to this year; for it appears that it had been 
originally licenſed by Sir George Buck, and that the 


licenſed copy had been loſt. The licenſed copy of The 


Honeſt Man's Fortune, which was produced in the year 
1613, was likewiſe loſt, and afterwards re-licenſed by 
Sir Henry Herbert on its revival in 1624-5. It is 
highly probably that T be Winter's Tale was firit exhibited 
at the Globe in the ſame year, and that both theſe 
pieces were deſtroyed by the fire which conſumed that 
theatre, June 3o, 1613. 

Though Sir George Buck obtained a reverſionary grant 


of the office of Maſter of the Revels, in 1603, which 
title Camden has given him in the edition of his Bri- 


tannia printed in 1607, it appears from various docu- 
ments in the Pells-office that he did not get complete 
poſſeflion of his place till Auguſt 1610. 

Pag. 376. Coriolanus.] I have ſome doubts concerning 
the concluding remark on the date of this play. The 
tree which is fit for breeding filk-worms, is the awhzte 


mulberry, of which great numbers were imported into 


England in the year 1609: but perhaps we had the 
other ſpecies, which produces the beſt fruit, before that 
time. If that was the caſe, my hypotheſis concerning the 
time when our poet planted the celebrated mulberry tree, 
may be controverted. Valeat quantum walere poſfſit. 
Pag. 406. I. 6.] One of the leaves of Sir Henry 
"Herbert's Manuſcript, which was miſſing, having been 
recovered ſince this page was printed, I find that The 
Ladies Trial was performed for the firſt time at the 
Cockpit theatre in May 1638, on the 3d of which 
month it was licenſed by the Maſter of the Revels. 


s 


 EMENDATIONS 


55 „ r ns 
* * 5 F x 24 4 & 
SER 14 


(2 Aas 
—_— 
ws % 


4 
: 


+ Þ1 Wo: | wh | bo i n . 
| EMENDATIONS AND ADDITI&N:S:i 

Vor. ' | PART II. py 2 20 2 

HIS TORICAL Accouxr or THE ENOLISH STAGE, 


Juſt as this work was iſſuing from the preſs, ſome 
curious Manuſcripts relative to the ſtage, were found at 
Dalwich College, and obligingly tranſmitted to me 
from thence. One of theſe is a large folto volume of 
accounts kept by Mr. Philip Henſlowe, who appears to 
have been proprietor of the Roszs Theatre near the 
Bank ſide in Southwark. Pi ES, 

The celebrated player, Edward Alleyn, who has erro- 
neouſly been ſuppoſed by Mr. Oldys, the writer of his 
life in the Biographia Britannica, to have had three 
wives, was married, as appears from an entry in this 
book, to Joan Woodward, on the 22d of October, 1592, 
at which time he was about twenty-ſix years old. This 
lady, who died in 1623, was the daughter of Agnes, the 
_ widow of Woodward, whom Mr. Philip Henſlowe, 
after the death of Woodward, married: fo that Mr, 
Henſlowe was not, as has been ſuppoſed, Alleyn's father- 
in-law, but only ſtep-father to his wife. — = 

Tins Mſ. contains a great number of curious notices _ 
relative to the dramatick poets of the time, and their 
productions, from the year 1597 to 1603, during which 
time Mr, Henſlowe kept an exact account of all the 
money which he diſburſed for the various companies of 
which he had the management, for copies of plays and 
the apparel which he bought for their repreſentation. L. 
find here notices of a great number of plays now loſt, 
with the authors? names, and ſeveral entries that tend to 
throw a light on various particulars which have been 
diſcuſſed in the preceding Hiftory of the Engliſh Stage, 
as well as the hay on the order of time in which Shak- 
fpeare's plays were written, A ſtill more curious 28 of 

| | EE 13 


EM END ATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 289 


this MI, is a regiſter of all the plays performed by the 
ſervants of Lord Strange, and the Lord Admiral, and 
by other companies, between the 19th of February 
1591-2, and November 5, 1597. This regiſter ſtrongly 
confirms the conjectures that have been hazarded re- 
lative to the firſt part of King Henry VI., and the play 
which I have ſuppoſed to have been written on the 
ſubject of Hamlet. In a bundle of looſe papers has alſo 
been found an exact Inventory of the Wardrobe, play- 
books, properties, &c. belonging to the lord Admiral's 
ſervants. | | 
Though it is not now in my power to arrange theſe 
very curious materials in their proper places, I am un- 
willing that the publick ſhould be deprived of the infor- 
mation and entertainment which they may afford ; and 
therefore ſhall extract from them all ſuch notices as ap- 
pear to me worthy of preſervation, | 
In the regiſter of plays the ſame piece is frequently 
repeated: but of theſe repetitions I have taken no notice, 
haviag tranſcribed only the account of the firſt repreſen. 
tation of each piece, with the ſum which Mr. Henſlowe 


gained by it “. 
reg By 


T It is clear from ſubſequent entries made by Mr. Henſlowe that 
the ſums in the margin oppoſite to each play, were not the total 
receipts of the houſe, but what he received as a proprietor from either 
Half or the whole of the galleries, which appear to have been appropri- 
ated to him to reimburſe him for expences incurred for dreſſes, copies, 
Sc. for the theatre. The profit derived from the rooms or boxes, &c. 
was divided among ſuch of the players as poſſeſſed ſhares. In a ſubſe. 
quent page I find Here I begynne to receve the whole gallereys from 
this day, beinge 29 of July, 1593,” At the bottom of the account, 
which ends Oct. 13, 1599, is this note: Received with the company 
of my lord of Nottinghams men, to this place, being the 13 of October 
1599, and yt doth apeare that I have received of the deate which they 

owe unto me, ij hundred fiftie and eyght pounds.“ | 
Again: Here I begane to receive the gallereys agayne, which 
they received, begynninge at Mihellmas weeke, being the 6 of 
October, 1599, as followeth.“ | 


Vo. I. PAR II, 1 1 Again: 


; 
| 
| 


. . <P v — Rs. 


— i ( — pep 


—— ———— — ———ꝛ— 7 — — 


—— Ls —— . ˙ A — —wͤͤ . . §«· . 9 ram I A at rus — ä — 
- 


290 EMENDATIONS' AND ADDITIONS, 

By the ſubſequent, repreſentations, ſometimes a larger, 
and ſometimes a leſs, ſum, was gained. The figures 
within crotchets ſnew how often each piece was repre- 
ſented within the time or each account, 


— 


In the name my Ged, Amen, 1591, e iþ the 19 
of febreary my g. lord Stranges men, as followeth, 


1591: 5 
R. at fryer bacone ?, the 19 of febreary, hn „ A4. 


(ſaterday) [4] - Qs. i. 
— Aulomurco s, the 20 of febr. [1 1] Ou Nix. o. 
— orlando, the 21 of febreary 1 O. ui. vi. 


— {panes (Spaniſh) comedye, don 
oracio, (Don Horatio) the 


© na febreary, [3] - - Gs + Xi. vi. 
— Syr John mandeville, the 20 of 
| : febreary, [5] - Ai. vi. 


— harey of cornwell, (Henry: of 
> "omg 25 of febre- 


2 ary 1591, | o. xxxii. o. 
— Zhe Few s e (Malta) the 6 
26 of febreary 1591, [10] o. 1 6 


— clorys and orgaſto the 28 of fe- 


a breary 1591, fili! o. xviii. o. 
*. hoope Fone, the 4 of marche | 


WED [1] 5 o. xv. o. 


Again: y lord of Pembroſes men EEK to playe at the Rake 
the 28 of Ocobery 1660, as followeth ; | 
„ tv. 
c R. at /icke unto licke 11. 6. 
ce R. at Raderi cl v. 

Eise ſhillings could not poſſibly have been the total receipt of the 
houſe, and therefore muſt have been that which the en; 
received on his ſeparate account. 

2 Friar Bacon and Friar Bungay, by 79 Greene. 

3 In a ſubſequent entry called Mulamulluco. The play meant Was 
probably The Battle of Alcaxar. See the firſt ſpeech : | | 
« This brave barbarian lord, Muly Molocco, &c. 
4 Orlando Furioſe, by Robert Greene, ac in 1599. 
„At. 


* . 


i EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 291 
: R. at matchavell, the 2 of marche 1. & 
| 1591, [3] 92 im =: 0/7 1% 

— henery the vi. the 3 of marche | 
1591, [133 - - ti vi. 


— bendo® and Richardo, the 4 of 
marche 1591, [3] + - 
— iii playes in one, the 6 of 
| marche 1591, [4] . 
— Zhe looking-glaſs *, the 8 of 
marche 1591, - 
— /enobia, Cunt the 9 of 


Os - 34% 6 


Ul, xi. o. 


O. VII. O. 


marche 1591, [i o. Xxii. vi. 
— Feronimo, the 14 of marche | | 
1701, [147 > - iii. xi. o. 
— coftanine, the 21 of marche 
VV - Os Kii. o. 
— Feruſalemò, the 22 of marche 
[; | 1591, [z] - - - o. XVII. o. 
tf — brandymer, the 6 of aprill 1591, 
} [2] — * - - o. xxii. o. 
5 — the comedy of Feronimo, the 10 : 
I of April 1591, f4] = = o. xxviii. o. 
5 In the Diſfertation on the three parts of K. Henry VT. I conjectured 
that the piece which we now call The firſt part of K. Henry YI. was, 
when fuſt performed, called The play of King Henry VI, We find here 
1 that ſuch was the fat, This play, which I am confident was not 
VP originally the production of Shakſpeare, but of another poet, was ex- 
| tremely popular, being repreſented in this ſeaſon between March 3 and 
June 19, [1592] no leſs than thirteen times. Hence Naſhe in a 
pamphlet publiſhed in this year ſpeaks of ten thouſand ſpectators tha: 
had ſeen it. See Diſſertation, &c. Vol. VI. p. 390. | 
nf 6 Afterwards written Byndo. | 
$1 7 This could not have been the piece called All's one, or four plays is 
3 | one, of which the Yorkſhire Tragedy made a part, becauſe the fact on 
4 _ which that piece is founded happened in 1665. | 
F 3 The Locking glaſs for London and England, by Robert Greene and 
3! T Thomas Lodge, printed in 15998. Boks 
T5 9 Probably The Deffruction of Feru ſalem, by Dr. Thomas Legge, 
To See Wood's Faß. Oxon. Vol. I. p. 133. 3825 
1 Us it: { R. at 
3 


292 EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS, 


R. at Titas and Yeſpafrian, (Titus J. 5. d. 
Veſpaſian) the 11 of April! 
JJC i 
— e ſecond pte of tamberzanne, | 
(Tamberlane) the 28 of A ONSET — 
april 1592, [5] - 1. o. 
— be tanner of Denmarke, the 28 N 
of maye 1592, [1] a . - Os 


— 2 tnacke to know a knave*, 10 


day [of June] 1592, [3] iii. 8. 


I the name of God Amen, 1592, beginning the 29 
of Deſember. | | 


R. at he gelyons comedey (Julian of J. So d. 
Brentford) the 5 of Jenew- | 
„ 11] „ o . 
wn the comedy of coſino, the 12 of 
Jenewary 1592, [2]J - O. XXXxX. iiii. 
mn the tragedey of the guyes *, 30 of 
Jenewary *, [1] en gt 
In the name of God, Amen, beginning the 27 of Deſember 
1593, the earle of Suſſex his _ 
Hy 3 „„ 
R. at God ſpede 2he plough, [2] „„ 
cums [IVC of Burdocks, (Huon of 
Bourdeaux) the 28 of De- 0 
ſember 1593, [3] - iii. *. 0. 
— george a-green 3, the 29 of De- | | 


ſember 1593, [4] = . 
— Guckingham, the 30 of Deſem- 5 
| ber 1593, F3 Ga. = Os on Wy 0. 


S - 5 
2 Probably The Maſſacre of Paris, by Chriſtopher Marlowe. 


2 In conſequence of the great plague in the year 1593, all theatri- 


cal entertainments were forbid. 
3 This play is printed. | f 
| "Re at 


TTTTT— SO rn 


* 


r 


e — 
4 3 NN 
2 E 3 : - 


* 


—— 


| Sn e 
q . 
2 Eh as ade IT N - 


EMENDATIONS AND ADDLTTING 293 
R. at Richard the Confeffor *, the 31 4 d. 


of Deſember 1593, [2] o. 8 
— liam the conkerer, the 4 of 

Jenewary 1593, [1] „ 88 xxii. o. 
— FO Ne the 7 of vans | 6 

; 3s 5 iii. 1. O. 
— ht; 3 of ele WITT 5 the 8 of | 

Jenewary 1593, [1] 0. ©. 
— abrame & lotte, the g of Jo” 

ary 1593, [3]. o. lit. o. 
— Zhe faire mayd of * (Italy) 

the 12 of Jenewary 1593, [2] o. ix. Os 
— King lude, (Lud) the 18 of je- ä 

newary 1593, [1] - f li Os 
— ius and andronicus®, the 23 of | 

Jenewary, [3] = — iii. viii. o. 


Ia the name of God, Amen, beginninge at eaſter, the 
queenes men and my lord of Suſſex together. 


R. at the Rangers . 2 of * 


1593. iii. o. o. 
— kinge leare?, 7 the 6 5 April 
1593, [2]* - o. XXXVHI. o. 


4 This piece ſhould ſeem to have been written by the tinker in 
The Taming of the Shrew, who talks of Richard Conquerors 

5 This play was printed in 1599. 

6 The manager of this theatre, who appears to have been extremely 
illiterate, has made the ſame miſtake in the play of Titus and 
Peſpaſian. There can be no doubt that this was the original piece, 
before our poet touched it. At the ſecond repreſentation Mr. 
Henſlowe' s ſhare was forty ſhillings ; at the third, the ſame ſum. 

7 This old play was entered on the Stationers? books in the following 
year, and publiſhed in 1605; but the bookſeller, that it might be 
miſtaken for Shakſpeare's, took care not to mention by whoſe ſervants 
it had been performed. 

8 Five other old plays were repreſented, whoſe titles have been 


already given. 


U 3 « In 


294 EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 
% In the name of God, Amen, beginninge the 14 of mays 
1594, by my lord admiralls men. 


R. at Cutlacke, the 16 of my 1 91 *. 
1 - OM 2 > xxxxXIi. 0. 


& [n the name of God Fog: beginning at newington ", my 
lord admirell men and my lord chamberten men; as 


followeth, 1 594. 


R. the 3 of june 1 594. at Heaſter and . 5 
aſheweros *, [2 - - Do Yi. Or 
——— 5 of June 1594, at andronicus, 5 
| " " > + +, Oq XII. Os 
— 6 = 8 594, at ecke | 4 
- ©, Xl. o- 


— 8 5 Than: at blobs [17] o. xvii. 0. 
. 


* * - * 


— 11 of June 1594, at the taminge 
of a fhrewe*, [1] =» o. R. o. 


9 Two other old playes, whoſe titles have been already given, on 
the 14th and 15th of May. 

1 Howes in his Continuation of StoWe's Chronicle, 1631, mentions 
among the ſeventeen theatres, which had been built within ſixty 

ears, one in former time at Newington Buts. 

2 Hefter and Abaſuerus. 

3 In the Foy on the Order of Shakſpeare's plays 1 have ſtated 
my opinion, that there was a play on the ſubject of Hamlet, prior to 
our author's; and here we have a full confirmation of that conjecture, 
It cannot be ſuppoſed that our poet's play ſhould have been per- 
formed but once in the time of this account, and that Mr. Henſlowe 
ſhould have drawn from fuch a piece but the ſum of eight ſhillings, 
when his ſhare in ſeveral other plays came to three and ſometimes 
four pounds. It is clear that not one of our author's plays was played 
at Newington Buts; if one had been performed, we ſhould certainly 
have found more. The old Hamlet had been on the ſtage before 
1 55525 z and to the performance of the ghoſt in this piece in the ſummer 

of 1594, without doubt it is, that Dr. Lodge alludes, in his Vit: 
Miſerie, &c. 4to. 1596, when he ſpeaks of & a foul lubber, who 
Jooks as pale as the vizard of the ghoſt, who cried ſo ny at 

the theatre, Hamlet, revenge.” 

4 The play which preceded Shakſpeare's. It was printed i in = WY 
There is a ſlight variation between the titles; our poet's piece being 


called The Taming et the Shrew, + 
R. the 


1 


EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 295 


R. the 12 of June 1594, at the Few JU. N 4. 

of malta, [18) = 8 Oo. Os 
— 15 of June 1594, at he rangers | 

comedy, [10 - - Os xxii. o. 
— 19 ct June, at the guzes 5, |. I Os hit. o. 
— 260t June 1594, at valiaſes [9] iii. o. o. 
—— 9 of July 1594, at phillipo and 

hewpolyta !, 121 - Lit, o. o. 
— Ig of July 1594, at the 2 pre | 

of Godfrey of Bullen, [11] ith 6. 0. 
— 30 of July 1594, at the mar- | 

chant of camaew *, [1] - iii. viii. o. 
— 12 of Auguſt 1594, at 7afſoes 

mellencoley ?, | 13] - 111. o. o. 
— 15 of Auguſt 1594, at ma- | 

homett , [8] - iii. v. o. 
— 25 Of Auguſt 594, at the ve- | 

neſyan N 3 | 

[11] - o. * vi. 
— 28 of Auguſt 1 594. at ranber- es 
| len, [23] - n. i Os 

— 17 of ſeptember 1 £94, at pa- 
lamon & arſett*, [4] - 0. li. o. 


— 24 of ſeptember 1594, at Ve- | 
 nefyon & the love of and 5 
[an] Laglzlbe lady, II d. XXXXVIL, ©. 


- 3 TheGuiſe. It is afterwards called The Myſecre, i i. e. The je Maſſacre 


w Fate, by Chriſtopher Marlowe, 
© Q. Julius Ceſar. . 

7 This is probably the play which a knaviſh bookſeller above ſixty 
years afterwards entered on the Stationers' books as the prodyQion of 
Philip Maſſinger. See p. 228, Ne 2. a 
8 Q. — of Candia. 

9 Tad Melancholy. J father ſpited tht pitied him, (ys old 
Montagne ) when I ſaw him at Ferrara, in ſo pitious a plight, that 
he ſurvived himſelfe, mis-acknowledging both himſelfe and his la- 
bours, which, unwitting to him and even to his face, have been 
Publiſhed both uncorrected and maimed.” Florio's tranſlation, 1603. 
Probably Peele's play, entitled Mabomet and Hiren, the Jun Greeks 
See Vol. V. p. 332. n. . 

2 Palamon and Arcite, On this old play The Two noble 2 


was probably founded, 
U 4 R. the 


295 EMENDATIONS//AND | ADDITIONS: 


R. the 30 of ſeptember Igo, at doen s. to den A. 
tier froſtofe ®, [24 ii. Hi. o. 
— 4 of october 1594, at the love EA — 
F a greſan lady, [12] ii. - Os 
—— 13 of. october. 1594, at 1% to 5 ——— 
 frenjhe docter, [11] 8. xii o. 
. 22 of october 1 $94-at a knacke  - 3 
350 know a wonefte*, [19] - o. 8, 
— 8 of november 1594, at — 8 
& pompie®, [8] VV „ Os 
— 16 of november 1594, at deo- 
| cleſyan, [ 2 — S. ii. o. 
— 30 of november 1594, at - rt... 
| lam chefter, [7] = . Os 
— 2 of delember 1594, at the N 
| ewiſe men of cheſter, [20] =, 0. xxviii. o. 
—— 14 of deſember 1 594» at the 601% 
maaue *, [4] o, KKXXUU, o. 
— 19 of deſember 1894. At: t ohe | 
2 pre of tamberlen, [11] % Nui. o. 
— 256 of deſember 1 594». at the ji 
fege of london, [12 iii. 0. 
— 11 of febreary 1594, at the | 1 
frenſhe comedey, 721 K "IE 1. o. 
— 14 of febreary 1594, at long | 
mnnaege of weſtmeſter, [18] = Ml. 9. 
— 21 of febreary 1594, at the — 
mnuacſes, 1 - *\ Mpc Oo: Os 
— 5 of marché 1594, at Jeles es 5 
E 


1 Ne eren y Chriſtopher Aber 
2 A knack. to know an honeſt man. This play was printed in 1596. 
3, Stephen Goſſon mentions a play entitled The Hiſtory of Ceſar and 
Pompey, which was acted before 1580. | 
4 The mat was a game at cards. hs play. "he is afterwards calle 
The feut (ſuit) at mawwe. 
S This alſo was a game at cards. 
s Soleq is afterwards written Selys, and the play is is in a ſubſequent 


entry called Olimpo and Hengenga. 
| R. the 


EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 297 


R. the 7 of maye 1595, at the firſt l. . 
0 pte of Herculous ', [10] | = ii. XU Os 
— 23 of maye 1595, at the 2 p. : 
/ Hercolaus, 183 2. i. *. 
——- 3 of June 1595, at the vii dayes | 
of the weeke, [19] = = Uk. 8. 
—— 18 of June 1595, at the 2 pte 
of fefore, (Cr f , 19 
— 20 of June 1594, at antony & | 
| wallea 9, [3 | - =; Os: . 
29 of auguſt 1595, at /onge- | | 
ſhancke*, [14] - = 0, 0. 
5 of of ſeptember 1595, at | 
cracke mee this notte, 16] ii. o. o. 
17 of ſeptember 1505, at 25e | 
eworldes tragedy, [II] ——_ W 9. 
2 of october 1595, at the deſ= 
gyſes, [6] — - — O. xxxxiii. O. 
15 of october 1595, at the wons c 5 
der of a Wanda, [10] - O. wy 1111. = 75 


29 of october 1595, at barnar- 
do & fiamata, (7. 
14 of november 1595, at a oye 
to pleaſe my ladye*, [7] 
28 of november 1595, at harry | 
the v. „ [13] - i, 1 
29 of november 1595, at zhe OE 


F 


avelſheman, [1] - - 0. | vii. O. 


7 Hercules, written by Martin Slaughter. 
8 Probably · on the ſubject of Shakſpeare's play. 


# 


9 This piece was entered in the Stationers' books by Humphrey" 


| Moſely, June 29, 1660, as the production of Philip Maſlinger, 


Probably Peele's play, entitled The famous Chronicle of King . 


Edward I. firnamed Edward Long-ſharkes, printed in 1593. 
2 Afterwards called A toy to pleaje chaſte ladies. 


3 I ſuppoſe, the play entitled The famous victories of K. Henry A* 
containing the honourable battel of Agincourt, 1598; in which may 
be found the rude outlines of our poet's two parts of X. Henry IV. 


and X. Henry L. | 
' X R. the 


by * 
— — ⁵ſ : — — ——— — 


——— —ÿ—ẽ SS» OO ono ES 


— 
— — — — 


— p 


—— — —- 
— 


„298 EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 


R. the 3 of ſenewary 1595, at chinon l. . 4. 
e Ingland, [11] — Cs LE Op 
— 15 of Jenewary-I595,at petha 5 fe 

8 gerus , [13] - 0 XVI o. 
— 3 of febreary 1595, at the 15. Eb 

>» of Porteunatus 3, [7] — iii. Os Os 


— 12 of febreary 15065 at the 

| blind 2 og of Alexandria, 125 

13 = iii. Do: 0. 
— 209 of aprill 1596, at Soba and 
apoſtata, [3] — 8. Nui. o. 
19 of maye 1596, at he tra- 

; gedie of ffacaſſt?, [7] = o. xxXxV. o. 
— 22 of June 1596, at Troye, [4] iii. D. Os 
— 1 of July 1596, at paradox, [1] o. xxxxv. o. 
—— 15S of July 1596, at the owt wel 

of totnes,. SET a 9 Do O. 


15 1 the name of Git, „ blk, beginning one [on] Simone 
and Fewads day, my lord admeralles men, as followethz 
1596. 

Here twenty plays are ſet down as having been per- 


formed between October 27, and November 15, 1 * 
but their titles have all been already e ö 


% Tn the name of Ged, Amen, beginninge the 25 of november 
3590, as Followeth, the lord admerall players : 


| '£ . 
R. the 4 of deſember 1596, at Valte- | 

| r o. 
— 11 of ddeſember 1 596. 1 oo 

Senke L 1] — — . m. o. 


4 Patbderias; written by Martin Slaughter, 
y Thomas Dekker. This play is printed. 
5 By George Chapman. Printed in 1598. 
7 Phocas, by Martin Slaughter. A 
© This play was printed in black letter in 1663. ED 
| Gs R. the 


EMENDATIONS ' AND ADDITIONS. 299 
R. the 19 of deſember 1596, at nebu- A 32" 


cadonixer, [8] «12 6 8. 
zo of deſember 1596, at what | 


30 of June 1597, at life and 
death of Martin Swarte, [3] a . 


14 of July 1597, at the auiche 
[witch] of Iſiyngton *, [2] — „ 


9 The fums received by Mr. Henſlowe from this place are ranged 
in five columns, in ſuch a manner as to furniſh no preciſe information. 
1 Perhaps Ben Jonſon's Every man in his bumcur. It will appear 
hereafter that he had money dealings with Mr. Henſlowe, the manager 
of this theatre, and that he wrote for him. The play might have been 
afterwards purchaſed from this company by the Lord Chamberlain's 
Servants, by whom it was aCted in 1598. 


2 This could not have been the play already mentioned, becauſe in 
that Henry does not die; nor could it have been Shakſpeare's play. 

3 Afterwards written— Baſelia. 3 

4 This piece was performed a ſecond time on the 28th of July, 
when this account was cloſed. 


1 : «& In 


29) awill be ſhall be, [12] = o. 8 
— 14 of Jenewary 1597, at alex- os | 
ander & ledæwicꝶe, [15] O. Iv. o. 
— 27 of Jenewary 1597, at womar 

hard to pleaſe, [12] = 6. + . 
— of febreary 1597, at O/e- 8 | 

ryck, [2] 05:5 MW — 3. 8 2. 1. 

— 19 9 marche 1597, at guido, 
9 | 2 5 Pa 8 
—7 i aprill 1597, at o plays in 
one, [10 - - w— 
— 13 of aprill 1597, at times tri- 
umph and foztus, [1] — - — a 
— 29 ot aprill 1597, at Cter pen- 
* dragon, [5] — — 8 0 
— 11 of maye 1597, at the comedy | 
of amers, (humours?) [11] n 
— 26 of maye 1597, at harey the I 
fifte life and death *, [6] 3 8 
— 3 of June 1597, at frederycke 3 

| and baſellers*, [4] = . 25. 

— 22 of June 1597, at Henges, [I] — 8299-4 


300 EMENDATIONS” AND Abprrroxs. 


« In the name of Gd, Auen, the 11 of octoben, begann 
my lord admeralls and my lord of f men fo 


playe at my Howe; 2997-35155 HINT LIE) bat y 
October 11, at Feranymo, . 


12, at the comedy of umers, 


16. at doger foftes, 
19. at hardacnute, 


| 31. at frier /pendelton, 
November 2. at Bourbon, oh 


'The e IT curious paper furniſhes us with more 
accurate knowledge of the properties, &c., of a theatre 
in Shakſpeare's time, than the refearches of the moſt 
induſtrious antiquary could have attained. 


« The booke of the Inventary of the n of my Tord 
Admeralles men, fachen the 10 * Marche in the yeare 
1 * 
15 ! Gone and loſte. 
len, j orenge taney ſatten dublet, layd 8 . 
gold lace; 
Item, ; blew tafetie ſewt. | 
Teen, j payr of carnatyon ſatten Veneſyons, layd with 
8 gold lace. 
Item, j longe-ſhanckes ſewte. Y 
Item, j Sponnes dublet pyncket. 
Item, j Spanerds gyrcken, 
Item, Harey the fyftes dublet. 
Item, Harey the fyftes vellet gowne. Ny ; 
Item, j fryers gowne, | 
Item, ] Iyttell dublet for boye. 


& The Enventary of the Clowwnes Ibs! and W 
Seaotes, with dievers other fewtes, 4 as en, 1 85 
the $0.of March. 1 | RIS 
Item, j ſenetores gowne, 4 hoode, and 5 ſenetores capes. 8 

| From, J Bb for Nepton; Fiettrackes ſewtes for 

obe. | 
Trey *111] geneſareyes omnes, and * torchberers 
ſewtes. 


1 


EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 30 
. {:em, 11j payer of red ſtraſers, I ſtroſſers] and 11 fares 
— gone of buckrome. | 
Item, iiij Herwodes cottes, and 11 ſogers cottes, and 
j green gown for Maryan, 
Item, vj grene cottes for Roben Hoode, and 111j knaves 
. lewtes. 
Item, ij payer of grene hoſſe, and Anderſones ſewte. 
j whitt ſhepen clocke. 
Item, ij roſſet cottes, and j black freſe cotte, and 113 
preſtes cottes. | 
Item, ij whitt ſheperdes cottes, and ij Danes ſewtes, 
| and j payer of Danes hoſſe. 
Item, The Mores lymes*, and Hercolles lymes, and 
| Will. Sommers ſewtte. ; 
Iten, ij Orlates ſewtes, hates and gorgetts, and vij 
| anteckes cootes. „ 
Iiem, Cathemer ſewte, j payer of cloth whitte ſtockens, 
iiij Turckes hedes. | 
Item, ilij freyers gownes and 111 hoodes to them, and 
- . j fooles coate, cape, and babell, and bran- 
1 howlttes bodeys, [bodice] and merlen [Mer- 
| lin's] gowne and cape. _ 1 
Item, ij black ſaye gownes, and ij cotton gownes, 
and j rede ſaye gowne. | 
Item, j mawe gowne of calleco for the quene s, j car- 
nowll [card inal's] hatte. „ 
Item, j red ſewt of cloth for pyge [Pſyche], layed with 
whitt lace. 53 „ 
Item, v payer of hoſſe for the clowne, and v gerkenes 
| for them. | 78 
þ 5 | Tem, ij payer of canvas hoſſe for aſane, ij payer of 
black ſtrocers. | 
Item, j yelow leather dublett for a clowne, j Whitt- 
2 comes dublett poke. | N 


51 'ſuſpect that theſe were the limbs of Aaron the Moor in Tiens 
Andronicus, who in the original play was probably tortured on the 
ſtage. This ancient exhibition was ſo much approved of by Ravenſ. 
croft, that he introduced it in his play.—In The Battle of Alcazar 
there is alſo a Moor, whoſe dead body is brought on the ſtage, but 


not in a diſlocated ſtate. 
In the play called Mary, 
| | Item, 


302 EMENDATIONS/ AND ADDITIONS. 


__ 11 donnes hattes. 0 
tem, j payer of yelow cotton ſleves, j goſtes ſewt, 
and j goſtes bodeyes. 

Iten, xviij copes and hattes, Verones ſonnes hoſſe. 
Item, iij trumpettes and a drum, and a trebel viall, 
a baſſe viall, a bandore, a ſytteren, j an- 
ſhente, [ancient] j whitt hatte. 
Item, j hatte for Robin Hoode, j hobihorſe. 
Item, v ſhertes, and j ſerpelowes, [ſurplice] iiij fer- 


Item, Eves bodeyes, [bodice] j pedante truſſer, and 


dingalles. | he 6g 
Item, vj head-tiers, j fane, [fan] iiij rebatos, ij gyrke- 
truſes. 3 


Item, j longe ſorde. 


«© The Enventary of all the aparell for my Lord Admeralles 
men, tacken the 10 of marche 1598,—Leaft above in the 
tier=houſe in the cheaſt. | | 
Tem, My Lord Caffes [ Caiphas?] gercken, & his hooſſe. 
Item, ] payer of hoſſe for the Dowlfen [Dauphin]. 

Iten, j murey lether gyrcken, & j white lether gercken. 
Item, j black lether gearken, & Nabeſathe ſewte. 
Item, j payer of hoſſe, & a gercken for Valteger. 
Item, ij leather anteckes cottes with baſſes, for Faye- 
ton [Phaeton]. 55 | 
Dem, j payer of bodeyes for Alles [Alice] Pearce. 


« The Enventary tacken of all the properties for my Lord 
| Admeralles men, e 10 of Marche 1598. 
Item, j rocke, j cage, j tombe, j Helle mought [Hell- 
mouth]. ; | 11050 | 
Item, j tome of Guido, j tome of Dido, j bedſteade. 
Item, viij lances, j payer of ſtayers for Fayeton. 
Item, ij ſtepells, & j chyme of belles, & j beacon. 
Item, j hector for the playe of Faeton, the limes dead. 


Item, I globe, & j golden ſcepter; iij elobes clubs]. 


Item, ij marchepanes, & the ſittie of RRame. 
Item, j gowlden flece; ij rackets; j baye tree. 
Item, j wooden hatchett; j lether hatchete. 


Item, 


EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 303 


Jem, j wooden canepie; owld Mahemetes head. 
2 5 j lyone ſkin ; j beares ſkyne; & Faetones lymes, 
& Faeton charete; & Argoſſe [ Argus's] 
heade. 
Item, Nepun | Neptune 81 forcke & garland. 
Item, j crolers ſtafe; Kentes woden leage [leg]. | 
Item, Ieroſſes [Iris's] head, & raynbowe zj litteil alter. 
Item, viij viſerdes; Tamberlyne brydell ; j wooden 
matook. | 

Item, Cupedes bowe, & quiver; the clothe of the 
Sone & Mone). 

Item, j bores heade & Serberoſſe [ Cerberus] iij heades. 

liem, j Cadeſeus; ij moſe [ moſs] banckes, & j ſnake. 

Item, ij fanes of feathers; Belendon ſtable; j tree of 
gowiden apelles; Tantelouſe tre; Jx eyorn 
iron] targates. 

liem, j copper targate, & xvij foyles. | 

liem, 111) wooden targates; j greve armer. 

Item, j ſyne [ſign] for Mother Readcap ; j buckler. 

{tem, Mercures wings; Taſſo picter; 3 helmet with 
a dragon; j ſhelde, with 1 11 1yones ; J elme 
bowle. | 

Tem, j chayne of dragons ; j gylte ſpeare. | 

Item, 1j coffenes; J bulles head ; and j vylter. 

Item, 11] tymbrells; ; } dragon in foſtes [ Fauſtus.] 

Item, j N ij lyon heades; j great horſe with his 

f leages [legs]; j fack-bute. 3 

Item, j whell & frame in the Sege of 8 „ 

diem, j paire of row ghte gloves. | 

Item, ] poopes miter. | 

Item, 11) Imperial erownes; j playne crowne. 

Item, J goſtes crown; j crown with a fone. 
Item, j frame for the heading in Black Jone. 
Iiem, j black dogge. X 
Item, J cauderm tor the Jewe . 


; 7 3 we "Es the enly attempt which this Inventory furnithes of 
any thing like ſcenery, and it was undoubtedly the ne plus ultra of thoſe 


days. To exhibit a ſun or moon, the art of peiſpective Was not 
neceſſary. : | 


be Fewof Mitte. 838 | 
N 75 on” 
| | 7 he 


„er 4 n 2 — Anas 
— = _ UC PIR £ — — . 


2 


_ — — 9 _ I — ines 
* 


304 EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 
« The Enventorey of all the aparell of the Lord Admeralles 


men, taten the 13th of March 1598, as followeth : 


Item, j to of whitte ſaten Veneſons cut with coper 
5 ace. 

Item, j aſh coller ſatten doublett, lacyd with gold lace. 

Item, j peche coller ſatten doublett. 

Item, j owld whitte ſatten dublette. 

Item, ] bleu tafitie ſewtte. 

Item, j Mores cotte. 

Lem, Pyges [Pſyches] damaſk gowne. 

Item, j black ſatten cotte. 

Lem, j harcoller tafitie ſewte of pygges. 

Item, j white tafitie ſewte of pygges. 

Item, Vartemar ſewtte. 

Item, j great pechcoller dublet, with Gylver lace. 

Item, j white ſatten dublet pynckte. 

Item, j owld white ſatten dublet pynckte. 

Item, j payer of ſatten Veneſyan ſatten ymbradered. 

Item, j payer of French hoſſe, cloth of gowld. 

Item, j payer of cloth of gowld hoſſe with ſylver paines, 

Item, j payer of cloth of ſilver hoſſe with ſatten and 

ſylver panes. 


Lem, Tamberlynes cotte, with coper lace. 


Ttem, j read clock with white coper lace. 
Lem, j read clocke with read coper lace, 
Item, j ſhorte clocke of taney ſatten with ſleves. 


Item, j ſhorte clocke of black ſatten with ſleves. 


Lem, Labeſyas clocke, with gowld buttenes. 

Item, j payer of read cloth hoſſe of ans gc with 
ſylver lace of coper. 

Tres, Valteger robe of rich tafitie. 

Hiem, Junoes cotte. 

Nem, J hode for the wech [ witch. ] 

Item, j read ſtamel clocke with whitte coper lace, 

Item, } read ſtame] clocke with read.coper lace. 


Item, j cloth clocke of ruſſete with coper lace, called 


Guydoes clocke. 


I, 3 3 ſhort clocke of black velvet, with ſleves faced 


with ſhagg. 
Item, 


— 


EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. zog 


Ttem, j ſhort clocke of black vellet, faced with white 
fore [ fur}. 125 8 

Item, j manes gown, faced with whitte fore. 

Item, Dobes cotte of cloth of ſylver. | 

Item, j payer of pechecoler Veneſyones uncut, with 
read coper lace, 

Item, j read ſcarllet clocke with ſylver buttones. 

Item, j 5 3 velvet clock, layd with brod lace 

lack. 
Item, j black ſatten ſewtte. f | 
Item, j blacke velvet clocke, layed with twyſt lace 
bdlacke. | | 
Item, Perowes ſewt, which Wm, Sley were. 
Item, j payer of pechcoler hoſſe with ſylver corlled 
anes. 
Item, j payer of black cloth of ſylver, hoſſe, drawne 
owt with tufed tafittie. 

Item, Tamberlanes breches, of crymſon vellvet. 

Item, j payer of ſylk howſe with panes of ſylver corlled 
- lace, | 

Item, j Faeytone ſewte, : 

Item, Roben Hoodes ſewtte. | 

Item, j payer of cloth of gowld hoſe with gowld corlle 

| panes. | 

Item, j oe: of rowne hoſſe buffe with gowld lace. 

Item, j payer of mows | mouſe] coller Veneſyans with 

R. brode gowld lace. 

Item, j flame collerde dublet pynked. 

Item, j blacke ſatten dublet, layd thyck with blacke 

| and gowld lace. ; 

Item, j, carnacyon dabled cutt, layd with gowld lace. 

Item, j white ſatten dublet, faced with read tafetie. 

Item, j grene gyrcken with ſylver lace. 

Item, j black gyrcken with ſylver lace, „ 
Item, j read gyrcken with ſylver lace. | 
Item, j read Spanes | Spaniſh] dublett ſtyched. 

Item, j peche coller ſatten caſſe. 
Item, Iaſoes robe. 
Item, j murey robe with ſleves. 


Vor. I. Pak r II. *X Lem, 


Wl 


2 » 
* e . n 7 
- , 3 722 * Du Py „ > 19+ er —— 8 8 
e 2 2 p D n e | PR * — — 
Wms, DIne Tee EY Ws. 
A 


. 


| 306 EMENDATIONS/ AND ADDITIONS, 
Item, i blewe robe with ſleves. 
Tem, j oren taney orange tewnyT' robe with deve. 


Item, j pech ſieve hallf robe. 

Iten, ö lane [long] robe with . 8 
Item, I white & orenge taney ſkarf pang, T 
Lien, Dides Dido 5 robe. ang oibis E 


Item, 11j payer of baſſes. 8 
Item, j white tafitie ſherte with gowld frenge. 
Item, the fryers truſſe in Roben Hoode. ä 8 
Item, j littell gacket for Pygge [Pſyche]. 
Item, j womanes gown of cloth of gowld. | ; 
Item, ] orenge taney vellet gowe [gown] with Oler 
lace, for women. 


Item, 5 — velvet gowne ymbradered with gowld ; 
lim, j yelowe 3 gowne ppb wich 0 
& gowld lace, for women ans 1 T 


| Item, j greve armer. 
| Ttem, Harye the v. velvet gowne. | 
| llama) j payer of crymſon ſatten Venyſiones, leyd with 
LOR gowld lace. A 
| 8 J blew tafitie ſewte, layd with ſylver Meese 
| Item, J Longeſhankes ſeute. 
Item, j orange: er ſatten dublett, layd with gow 
| > Jram, = the v.“ ſatten dublet, layd with, gowld 
acc... 5 
Iten, j Spanes caſſe dublet of cry .mſon pyncked. 170 
9 3 nes gearcken la . ſylver lace. 
Item, J. wattſhode [watcher] tafitie dublet for a boye. 
Item, ij payer. of baſſes, j whitte, ieee of. ſaſnett. 
Item, j ffeyers gowne of rays. A 0k maoy E H, õ 
2 Aoig; bs 19478? iw, 40 3191dob 8 Hg wot 
wo! to 19y8q e ban OST I g 3100 

} £9089 207 Qq9vivt lg 00D to Ron . 

1 0 238 DIO 1 * b bysI 
© 0% | vat van 10] vm 10 1igwod vs 
N © 7 | 31710} VI 10 112 Bod 
ore 


Oe 


1 


N . 8 5 8 n iy 1 — * 6 
— we OP : ORE! WI US nin... 
2 * ** 


EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 407 


Note. ef all ſueh boockss. as belong ” the Stocke, and fach 
as have bought foro the 3d of March, 1598. 


Black Jſonne Woman will have her will. 
The Umers. Wielchmaps price: 
Faves, | King Arthur, life and death. 
Borbonne. 1 pt of Hercules. 
Sturgflatect 7). 2 pð of Hereoles, 
Brunhowlle. Pethagores. 

Cobler quen hire. Focaſſe. 

Frier Pendelton. EFElexſander and Lodwicke, 
Alls Perce. | Blacke Battman. 

Read Cappe. 2 p. black Battman. 
Roben Hode, 1. 2 pt of Goodwine. 
Roben Hode, 2. Mad mans morris. 
Phaeyton. Perce of Wincheſter. 
Treangell cockowlls. VIyToges 7 

Goodwine, | 


A Note of all ſuche a as 1 We bought for as Obes 


paney of my Lord Admirals men, ſence the 3 of 4prell, 
1598, as followeth : g F 
| wy „1. ds 
Bowght a damaſſce caſock garded with Ar 0 18 0 
Bowght a payer of paned rownd hoſſe of cloth 
10 iped with ſylk, drawne out with tafitie, I © . 0 
Bowght j payer of long black wollen ſtockens, 
Bowght j black ſatten dublett 
Bou ght J payer of 155 howfle paned of 
vellevet 
Bowght a robe for te g0⁰ Snviſebelt © [0 
Bowght a gown for Nembia © = 
Bowght a dublett of whitt ſatten layd =| 
2 


415 © 


with gowld lace, and a payer of rowne 

pandes hoſſe of cloth of . the panes 

layd with gowld lace — 
Bowght of my ſonne v ſewtes — | | 
Bowght of my ſonne iiij ſewtes - = 17 © 


% 2 In 


308 EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS, 
In the folio manuſcript already mentioned I have found 


. of the following plays, , and "Hoi ſeveral authors: 


. 1397+, Mather Redcap, by Ants Mundy “, and 
Jan. Michael Pray ton. 
"rn Dido and Eneas, 
7791192” (Phaeton, by Thomas Dekker 5. 
De World runs upon Wheels, by G. Chapman. 


97. Thi Cobler. 
Nes. is 


Feb. The frft gore of Robin Hood, by Anthony | 


1597-89 Mundys 
T, be ſecond, part of the downfall of earl Hun- 
"tington, firnamed Robinhood, by Anthony 
* Mundy, and Henry Chettle. 


4 8 avill haue her auill 7, by William 
_- *Haoghton 5. 
1 The Miller, by Robert Lee. 


4 The beſt for comedy amongſt us bee, Edward Earle of Oxforde, 
Doctor Gager of Oxforde, Maiſter Rowleye, once a rare ſcholler of 
learned Pembroke Hall in Cambridge, Maiſter Edwardes, ont of 
her Majeſties happell, eloquent and witty John Lily, Lodge, 
Gaſeoyne, 'Greenc, Shakſpeare, Thomas Naſhe, Anthony Mundye 
our beſt plotter, Chapman, Porter, Wilſon, Hathw and Henry 
Chettle.” Wu Treaſury, being the Second Part of Vn Common- 
Wealth, by Francis Meres, 1 598, pe 283. The latter writer, Henry 
Chettle, is the perſon whoſe teſtimony with reſpect to our poet's exit 
as an actor has _ already ſproduced, Chettle, it appears, wrote 
92505 or in ag lo ion with others, not leſs than Le, rg, of 

Ich one onl . 1 5 s Tragedy) is now extant. 

15 In the folts wing month I find this entrys = 


« Lent unto 7p company, the 4 of Febreary 1 398, to Gehen 


Mr. Dicker owt of the cownter in the powltrey, the ſome of fortie 
ſhillinges, I tay dd [delivered to Thomas Downton, Xxxxs. SS 205 


6 In a ſubſequent page is the following entry: : © Lent . 


Shawe, the 18 of Novemb. 1598, to lend unto Mr. Cheattle, ch t 
mending of Abe art of Robert Hoode, the ſum of xs. , 
And afterwards—* For mending of Robin Hood for the corte.“ 
This piece and Its fecond ore have hitherto, on the ee 
Kirkman, been falfely afcribed to Thomas Heywood. 


7 Printed in 1616, under the title of E ngliſÞmen For ny mend, or 4 


Woman will bave ber will. 


The only notice of this poet that I have met with, except what 


is contained in theſe ſheets, is the following: “ Lent unto Robert 


Shawe, the 10 of Marche 1 5997 [1600] to lend Mr, Ne out of 
9 A 3051 


tbe be che ſome of 1 


83 
. 
5 
Fa 
? 
ks. 
5 
> : 
9. 
j 6 
t 
þ 
4 
A 


2 
. 
3 
DJ 
; 
& 
N 7 
3 
by 
1 
* 
* 
TA 
4 


EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS.. 30g 
A booke; wherein is a part of. @ Welchman,”? 
by Michael Drayton and Henry Chettle?, 
Mar. 1 598. T he T riplicity of Cuckolds, by Thomas Dekker. 
The famous wars of Henry the Firſt and the 
Prince of W ales, by Michael Dray ton and 
Thomas Dekker. | 
Kors Goodwin and his three ſons 2, by Michael 
Drayton, Henry Chettle, Thomas Dek- 
ker, and Robert Wilſon... 
The ſecond Part of Goodwin, & c. by Michael 
Drayton. - 
8 Pierce of HEætons, by the ſame four authors. 
April The Life of Arthur king af England, by 
1598. Richard Hathwaye. 
The firſt part of Black Batman of the North, 
by Henry Chettle. ©. ,, 
The ſecond part of Black Batman, by Henry 
rd Chettle, and Robert Wilſon. | 
May The firſt part of Hercule, 


(by Martin 


1598. The ſecond part of Hercules, 

bod Phocas, N 
1 Pythagoras, . aughter. 
LD Alexander and Lodowick *, : 


9 Perhaps The Valiant Welehman, printed in 161 N 
2 There was a play on this ſubject written by R. dee and 


acted by the king's company in 1624; as appears by Sir Henry 


Herbert's Manuſcript. Perhaps it was only the old play new-mo-, 
delled, It was afterwards (1660) entered on the Stationers books by 
a K aviſh bookſeller, and aſcribed to Shakſpeare.. Ap 
ubjoined to the account of this play is the. following ae : 

ce Lent at that time unto the companys for to ſpend at the reading of 
that booclcę at the ſonne [Sun] in new Fiſh Street, vs.” 

2 © Lent unto Thomas Dowton the 11 of April}. 1598, to bye tafitie 
to macke a rochet for the biſhoppe in earle Gaodwine, xzilij s.“ 

3 1 ſuppoſe a play on the ſubje& of X. Richard II. | 

4 © Lent unto the company, the 16 of Maye 15 2 to bye v boockes 
of Martin Stather, called 2 ptes of Hercolus, & focas, & pethagores, 
and alyxander and lodieck, which laſt boocke he hath not yet delyver- 
ed, the fome of viili.” He afterward received 20s. more on 
delivering the play laſt named, —He was a player, and one of the Lord 

dmiral's Servants. 

Theſe plays, we have already ſeen, had been ated ſome years. before 
It appears from various entries in this book, that the price of an old 
play, when transferred from one theatre to another, was two pounds, 


X 3 Lowe. 


— —2 — — — 


310 EMEND ATTONS AND ADDITIONS. 
Toe Prewented, by Henry Porter. 


1 


Fbe r of Richard Cordblion, by Robert 


119. 0.» WiHfon, Henry Chettle, Anthony Mun- 
dy, and Michael Drayton. 
June The Will of a Woman, by Geory Chapmall 
1598. oy * Mad Man's Morris, by * Wilſon, 
Michael Drayton, and Thomas Dekker. 
\S KI Reads, and Hermes, by Robert Wilſon, 
Michael Drayton, and Thomas Dekker. 
7 Valentine and Orfon, by Richard Hathwaye, 
15 3. and Anthony Mundy. 
„ eee e mnchefler, by Thos. Dekker, 
I Robert Wilſon, and Michael Drayton. | 
"RY The Play, of a Waeman, by Henry Chettle. 
NMI ny? ae Congueſt HF Brute, <vith the firft finding 
BELT the Bath, by John Daye, Ronny: 
$3 f Cuettle, and John Singer“. a 
£ Alx. Het anger ſoon cold, by Henry Porter, Henty 
1598. Chettle, and Benjamin Jonſon. 


477 180 


bert. 
1598. 
ess 
' "ns alis 


F a0 


1 
oft 
by 1 


#8 


the 2 tub 


William Longſword, by Michael Drayton. 
© Chance Meadly, by Robert Wilſon, Anthony 


Mundy, Michael Drayton, and Thomas 


Deck er. 


3 2 belle. by Robert Wilſon, and | 


Hen ttle. 

2 Ae, by Thomas Downton, 111993 

. orſe aftared than hurt, by Michael Drayton 
and Thomas Dekker. 0 1 

Ke ke Civil Wars in F rance, by the ſame 
| au T 1131 13 E Vd Dons? 
= be Second Part of the Civil iner, in france, 
1 b by the fame. {6 5103.03 311591 min barto bis 


51 1 Med 75 of .the, civil Wai att of Frine 


© ts 10 7 
oO 


9212 7 b e ſame. 18 f 1 03 339le l as] b Dits 
ounitain- f ac 7 "abienc,. hy eorge 
Kl Chapman 1 | 23179 eel Jail 


by fe oh er Domwalhew, by William Rankins, 
wity; the 1 


ſequent "ages ce Lent unto Sam, K00 | 


. divers Ig! for to Fa Wees f N 


to bye 
a Bro 68 fo f Xx |, on 2145 1 igmuls 


* Oban, 


5 
5 
5 
13 
i a 
2 
+ 
7 
5 


n PFAFF = 
- 


PPP ͤ NURS 7 PT Hy 


EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS, 324: 
Connan, Prince of Cornawall,. by Michael 


—Drayton, and Thomas Dekker. 
Nov. 71 no deceit to decei ve the decriver, by Henry 
1598. Chettl el! on vt 


Dec. Mar auit haut bloaur and Love: without, ſuit, 


1598. by Thomas Heywood. In a ſubſequent 
| entry —— Love without rife.” 

The Secou Part of the Two: Angry Wamen of 
Abington, by Henry Porter. 

Feb. 1598-9. Joan as good as my lady, by Thos. Heywond *. 

e hear 

2 Thomas Heywood had written for the tage. in 1596, for in 

another page I find“ Octob. 14, 1596. Lent, unto them [the Lord 

Admiral's Servants] for Hawodes booke, xxxs.” From another en- 

try in the fame page it appears that Fletcher wrote for the ſtage ſo early 

as in the year 1596. „ Octob. 14, 1596.' Lent unto Martyne, [Mar- 

tim Slaughter] to fetch Fleateber, vis.“ Again, ibidem: Gave the 

company to give Fleateber, and the have promiſed me payment, —xx s.“ 

— Heywood was in the year 1598 on bireling, by which name all the 


players who were not ſharers, were denominated. They receive} a 


certain ſum by the week. In Mr. Henſlowe's book the following 
article occurs: | no I DOONEY = 
Memorandum, that this 25 of Marche, 1598, Thomas Hawoode 
came and hiered him ſealfe wich me as a covenanted ſervante for ij 
yeares, by the receveing of ij ſyngell pence, according to the ſtatute 
of Wincheſter, and to beginne at the daye above written, and not to 
playe any wher publicke abowt landoni,' not whillle theſe ij yeares be 
expired, but in my howſe. Vf he do, then he doth forfett unto me 
by the receving of this ii d fortie powades. And. witneſs > this, 
Anthor 7 Mo da * Willia Bor S, a bri 18 0 er, Omas 
. Richard 1 — * Richard Alen. 
William Borne, alias, Bird, a dramatic bet, whoſe name fre- 
quehtly gecurs in this manuſèeript, Was RIA ireting, as'i9ſcer- * 
tained by a memorandum, worth tranſeribing on another account} 
Memarandum, thet the 10 of cayguſt, 15g ?Wair Borne came 


and ofered him ſealfe to come and play with:my, lord admiralles men 


at m ſe called by the name of the Roſe, fete wate one [on] the 
bande Abd ld o Ng ge. Te Weit de me d. deen 
and [an] aſſumſett to forfett unto me A hundeeth marckes, of lafull 
maney of Ingland, ayf he do not performe thes\thinges following; 
that is, preſentley after libertie beinge granted for playinge, to come 
& with my lorde admiralles men at ſſe aforſayd, 
S 5 Sher howfſe publick abow 100 08 e ſpace of iij 
eares being imediatly after this reſtraynt is receiled by the, lardes,of ' 
Ge count which frame e he ne fe, 1770 
of Dooges ide of age]. If he do 1 0 he. Loſs s, th if 
«ſump et afore, or ells not. Witneſs to « Alleyn-& Robſones 
„ $39 — X 4 The 


« - 


— tool — =o — 


2 


—U—U—äʒ ¹d-ꝰ!!. r 


312 EMENDATIONSS AND ADDITIONS: 

nei „Fri, Fox an Gillian 2 Brentford, by Thos, 
| Dovaton, and Lane Kal, . 

2128 e KReuenge, with the. t 457 o oly- 

pbemus, by Henry Chettle. Wl 
rigfh:i; be Tevo. Merry i om - 3 15 
79 ths Henry Forte. O07 
The Four Kings. l 

March he Sperceri, 15 Henry 3 : 

1598-9. Oreſtes furies, by Thomas Dekker. 
June Agamemnon, by Henry Chettle and 'Thomas 
1599. Dekker. 

e Gentle Craft, by hows Dekker. 
Bear a brain, by Thomas ooh | 

Aug. he Paar man's Paradiſe, by Wm. Haughton. 
1599. The Stepmather's Tragedy, by Henry Chettle. 
nod uct! Thedammitable tragedy of Peg of Plymouth, by 
| F — — Bird, Thos. Downton, and Wie 

03d 18 H be 

Nov. The Ti ragedy of John Cox of alain by 
0 1599. aughton and John Day. 

Ans H as The Hecond part of Henry Richmond, by Ro- 
g bert Wilſon !. | 
"The. tragedy of Thomas Merry, by William 
Haughton, and John ö 
BW va, 


e ee . hireling is aſcertained / by the following 


1. $95 

mora dom, that the 27, of Jewley, 15975 75 1 5 Thomas 
Heatne with ij pence for to ſerve me ij yeares in the qualetie of playenge, 
for gau Hillinges a weeck for one yeare, and vis. viii d- for the other 
ys ere, which - hath; cotenanted hime ſealfe to ſerve me, 8c not to 
epart from my company N thes ij cares is ended. Witneſs to this, 
John Synger, James Non Thomas Towne. - . 

The note relative" to this. play 3 is worth preſervi Ig. © Lent unto 
Harey Porter, at the requeſt of the company, in carneſt of his booke 
called ij merey wemen of abington, the ſome of forty ſhellengs, and 
2 Ne e af that money he gave me his faythfull promiſe: that I 

have alle his bookes which he writte ether him ſelſ or with: au 
etz Whi ſome was dd. 1 the 28ch wok febreary; 1898. 


n + #* $14 
„ 


Ty 1335 


e ſpelling of the wordw=receip rds af th 
l in — 3 * cy) — 
O, N. Jo 
* 


piece the poet received eight pounds The common price 
| Dec. 


was ſix pounds. 


EMENDATIONS/ AND ADDITIONS: 313 


Dee. e by Thomas Dekker, Henry 


2599. Chettie, — William Haughton. 
75 be Arcadian' Virgin, by Henry Chettle, 
and William Haughton," 
Jan. Oer Tudor; by Michael Drayton, Richard 
1 1509-1600, Hathwaye, ee N and Rt. 
Wilſon. 148A wad? 
The Ttalion Tragedh, by John Day. 
Jugaruba, by William Boyle. 
Truth Supplication' to Candlelight, by Tho, 
Dekker. 
The Spaniſh Morris, by Thomas Dekker, 
Wm. Haughton, and John Day. 
Damon and Pythias, by Henry Chettle. 
| March, The Seven Wiſe Maſters\"by Henry Chettle, 
1 1599-1600. Thomas Doktor)" nam Haughton, 
mW Dae and Joha Day A it 
April Ferrex and Porrex3, by * Haughton. 
1600. The Engliſh Fugitives, by the ſame. 


1. Ph As and Cupid and Pſyche, by 


Tlc,hlhomas Dekker, John Daye, and Henry 
| Chettle. 
Type Wooing of Death, by Henry Chettle. 
Alice Pierce. © 
Strange news out of Poland, by William 
HFaughton, and Pett. 

„ Be Blind Beggar of 700 Green, by Henry 
3 Chettle, and John Day. 

June ge Fair Conſtance o, Rome, by Anthony 
1600. Mundy, Richard Hathwaye, Michael 
PDrayton, and Thomas Dekker. 
Sind 8. 1 . The e ſecqnd part of the 1 — 5 of, Aome 
92ood gift to Rot 11 BY o&RE: Aan. 012 10 % moe en! 
bns 22 malt” Hey e 
I Here and above, (fee Dawn wad Ping) FH © Yap Inks 
joſtances of old plays being re- written. There was à dramatick picte 
by Lord Buciehurſt and Thomas Norton, with the title of Ferre a 
Porrex, printed in 1570. 1 97 and Pythiars 10 ichard Edwards, 
Was printed in 1 _ 


cat 7 ia 4 - w% 
9 1 Nuo 9934 


mails 


. . 
#4 = 


4 F461 "£ ® 


© Diels 


314 EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 
December Robinhood*s Penn orths,. by Wm. Haughton. 
1600. Hannibal and Scipio, by: Ric hard Hathwaye, 
and William Rankinss. 
Feb. Scogan and Shelton, by the ſame. | 
1600-1. The: Second Part of 7. _ Strowat , by 
= William Haughton, and John Day 7, 
March The conqueſt of Spain by Fohn of Gaunt, by 
Richard Hathwaye, —— Hawkins, Jann 
Day, and Wm. Haughton. 
| All is nt gold that glifters, by Samnel 
"WO Rowley, and Henry Chettle. 
April The Conqueſt of the Weſt Indies, by Wentworth 


1601. Smith, William Haughton, and Joon [! 
; To » Day Wo v0 8 | 
| Sebaſtian king ** Pertogal, by Henry Chettle, 

and Thomas Dekker. 


' The Six Teomen of the. Weſt, by William 
| Haughton, and John Day. 
The Third Part of Thomas Strowde, by Wm. _. 
Haughton, and John Day. | 
The honourable life of the humorous earl of | 
Gloſter, auith his conqueſt 7 ee ; 
Ange: 12. by: Anthony Wadeſon. 
1601. Cardinal Molſeys, by Henry Chettle. 
25 The proud woman of Antwerp, by William 
ty *,- - "Haughton, and John Day. 
<A bt The. Second Part of Thomas Dough, by Toh. 
ay, and William Haughton. 241 
mane} Wh hag rare D Ws 4. op Henry-Cheitle. | 


en>fr. 

5s This = appears to have been K called Themes vanes: 
and 2 Toe Blind Beggor of Naubna Greene, See the title page 
Of that play. i gie „1 flo: 4 

> pd Paid unto John Daye, at the apoyntment 3, the,company, 905 
2 of Hae 1601, after s playing of the 2 Pe Stroud the ſome 
of as. 100 Up „ edLXXXX fi on 

8 40 Layd out at the canes of my . and the companys unto; 
harey cheitle, for the 3 of the booke of carnowlle Woll ſey the 
23 of June 160, the ſome. G MAI 1 FR thug eg was, (be 
witten rien, by Chettle. = 2 Of iff 3, 60 

ji 0 208 d: (B93 Nov 


0109 Gen No viel ia 4 2 "IT is 80 19 t 


ES $i Jo 


EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 318 
Nov. 12. The Rifng of Cardinal Molſey o, hy Anthony 
1601.  Mundy,Michael Drayton, Henry Chettle, 

and Wentworth Smith. 
CL he” Six Clothiers" of ib cue, by Richard 
a Wentworth _— and Wm. 
"Th Stednd" Part of rhe Six Chebiers, by the 


1G} , ame- 
"Ma 27 00 good to be true, by Henry Chettle, 
14601. Nich Hathwaye, and Wentworth Smith. 

| Judas, by William Haughton, Samuel ow 
Jan. ley and William Borne. | 414 


1601-2. The Spaniſh Fig. 

Apr. 1602. Malcolm king > Scots, by Charles Maſly.. 
May Love parts friend/bhip, by Henry Chettle, 
1602. and Wentworth Smith. 

0e Second Part of Cardinal WA ofe 2y Þ by Henry 
Chettle. | 
The Briſtol Tragedy, by John Day? . 
Tobyas, by Henry Chettle. 

* 1 by Henry Chettle. 


3 $0 called in one place; in another The Fir Part of Carditial 
Wilſey, It was not produced till ſome months after the play written 
orgaltered by Chettel. Thirty-eight pounds were expended in the 
dreſſes, &c. for Chettel's play; of which ſum twenty-five ſhillings 
were paid ** for velvet and mackynge of the docters gowne. The two 
parts of Cardinal Welſey were performed by the earl of Worceſter's 


ſervants. © 


2 This aurhor was likewiſe a player, and in the ſame fituation 


with Heywood, as appears from the following entry : 

«© Memorandum, that the 16 of november, 1598, I hired Charles 
M affey and Samuel Rowley, for a year and as muche'as to ſraftide, 
[ ShrovetideJ begenynge at the day above written, after the ſtatute of 
Wincheſter, with ij ſyngell pence ; and forther they have covenanted 
with me to playe in my howfle and in no other howſle (dewringe the 
time) publick but in mine: yf they do withowt my conſent to forfite 
unto me xxxxlb. a Fete. Witneſs Thomas Dowton, Ropers „ 


Edw. Jubey."” 


2 4 Lent unto Thomas Downtvh, the 18th of wan 1602] to bye 
maſkynge antycke ſewts for the 2 parte of 'Carnowlle Wollſey, the 
ſome of jy Ib. vs. — ““ 27 of may, to bye Wm. Somers cotte, and 


other thinges, the ſome of iij Ib.“ 


3 Probably The Fair Maid of Bri Aol, Hinte! in 1605. 
Two 


Nr — —— — 


316 EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 

ee Nahe Harpies, by Dekker, Drayton, Mid- 

ben das lilleton, Webſter, and Mundy. 

EE Daniſßb Tragedy; by Henry Chettle. 

1602. TheHidow's Charm , by Anthony Mundy, 

A Medlidine for a Curt Nite, by T. Dekker. 
boo Sarpfon, by Samuel Rowley, and Edw. Jubye. 
Sept Milam Cartwright, by William Haughton. 
1602. F knees by i nn and — 
men sſtänſon . | 

„Smog Jeliaa, by Samuel Rowley. M5 


Oct. 16020Randall earl: of Cheſter, by T. Middleton“. 


Nov. Ai merry us may be, [ated at court] by J. Daye, 
1602. Wentworth Smith, and R. Hathwaye. 
Allbete Galles, by Thomas Heywood, and 
Nel ado! bn: Wentworth Smith. | 
Marſhal Ojrick, by: Thomas Heywood, and 


Wentworth Smith. 
he Three B Tekker, © ee by Wentworth 
U „lug Smith. 81998 f 


„il 100 ady! Jane, hy . Chetile, . 0 
zi faite, 916 Dekker, Thomas Heywood, 2p eee 
Ms eee Smith, and John Webſter. 
5 box The Second part of Lady Fane, du N 
uc yo :Cbriſtmas comes but once a year, by I. Dekker. 
i 5 N Kere een. John Webiter, n 
ail p61 and Thomas Dekker. 
un 2 — Rabe ooo yions goiwolls? 
The Black Dog of Newgate, by Richard) 

of T 5m vd thiathwaye, John: Day,Weatwantk Smith, 

UM, ,qcboolſaalfancither poetii HI gilidd Yo notmvurot? 
ang v.14, The ſecond: part of the ume, Dy che ſume. 00 2810 a 
to 1190129 he: Blind cats many. H, by T. Heywood. +. 

bog Ne — — GEtneral, a: French Hiſtory, by 
tworth Smith, . Day, and 

it 10) ol-:{Radfard Hathwaycy : DAI bort 


Deca «The Cet at, Teumi c by Anthony Mundy. boyulf 


1602. The: London Flarem ius, by Kuen Heywood, | 
% ghe eds 107 and Henty Chettle. 29] byvigno A 


$7189 Bas N Id: ot nos Af SG 0G? 20; 
4 1. 5 he play afterwards called The ITY Widow. PL 
5 8 his play « called Tbe Mayer of Revenborough,, * = 


The- 


EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS, 31 
 , The ſecond part 125 the London Florentine, by 
by Thomas e and Henry Chettle. 
De T ragedy of Hoffman *, by Henry Chetzle. 
| _ Voluntary, by John Singer. 
The four ſons of Amon, by Robert Shawe. 
Feb. 'A A Woman hilFd with kindneſs, by T. Heywood. 
1602. 3. The Boaft of Billinsgate, by youu Days * 
March Richard Hathwayͤe. 8 
1602-3. The Siege of Dunkerk, by Chatles Maſly. 
The patient man and honeſt whore, by Thomas 
Dekker, and Thomas Middleton. 
The Italian 7 ragedy, by Wentworth —_ 
and John Day. 
Pontius Pilate. 
Fane Shore, by Henry Chertle, and ad John Day. 
Baxter's Tragedy. 


The following notices, which I 155 reſerved for 
this place, relate more immediately to our author. 
have mentioned in a former page, that I had not the 
ſmalleſt doubt that the name of Shakſpeare, which is 
printed at length in the title - pages of Sir John Oldcaſtle, 
1600, and T he London Prodigall, 1605, was aſfixed to 
thoſe pieces by a knaviſh bookſeller without any foun- 
dation; and am now furniſhed with indubitable evi- 
dence on this ſubject; for under the year 1599 the 
following ral en in Mr. nnen 8 folio Manu- 
ſcriptꝰ 4 

a; The 26th of October, 99. | Recvinicd by me Thos, 
Downton of Philip Henſlowe, to pay Mr. Monday, Mr, 
Dra omg Mr. Wilſon, and Hathway, for J frf# part 
of hook Z, Sir hon Ouldcuſtell, and in earneit of 
the deconu for the uſe of the ee e ten pound, I 
ſay received 10 lb.! ?! 

Received | Nov. 1599] 4. Mr. Hinchelo for Mr. 
Munday and the reſte of the poets, at the playinge '6f 
Sir Sobu Uldcaſtell the firſte tyme, x 8.45 a gifte. ? 

Received [ Dec. 1599] of Mr. Henſlowe, for the uſe of | 
the pn to pay Mir: Drayton for the ſecond parte 


518 * s v i H 20 141% 2 
* 7 daran Fm in Uegted * d Felis. (% 19 yodeger 7 * 
f © 


318 EMBNDATIONS/AND' ADDITIONS. 


of Sir Fh6n Owldcaſell, foure pound, I ſay received per 
me Thomas Downton; iiij li)“ 
We have here an indiſputable proof of a fact which 
has been doubted, and can now pronounce- with cer- 
tainty that our poet was entirely careleſs about literary 
ame; and could patiently endure tobe made anſwerable 
for compoſitions which were not his 6wn, without uſin 
any means to undeceive the publick. achigg 205% 
The bookſeller for whom the firſt part of Sz John 
Olucaſtle was printed, as it hath bene lately acted by 
the Right Honorable the earl of Notingham Lord 
High Admirall of England his ſervants,”” was Thomas 
Pawier, who however had the modeſty to put only the 
initial letters of his chriſtian and ſurname (T. P.) in 
the ſpurious title-page which he prefixed to it. In 
1602, he entered the old copy of Titus Andronicus on 
the Stationers books, with an intention (no doubt) to 
affix the name of Shakſpeare to it, finding that our poet 
had made ſome additions to that piece. dl 145 10 
To this perſon we are likewiſe indebted for the iniſ- 
take which has ſo long prevailed5, relative to the th 
old plays entitled The Firſt Part of the Contention beter 
the two famous houſes of Yorke and Lancaſter; and The true 
tragedie of Richard Duke of Yorke, which were'printed 
anonymonſly in 1600, as atted by the earl of Pembub fe 
Servants, and have erroneouſly been aſctibed to our 
poet, in conſequence of Pavier's reprinting them in 
the year 1619, and then for the firſt time frauduſently 
afſixking Shakipeare's name to them. || To: thoſe plays, 
as to Olacaſtle, he put only the initial letters of his 
chriſtian and ſurname. For him likewiſe he York/bire 
Tragedy, was printed in the year 1608, and our potrt's 
name affixed to itt. d Smot 9113 „eswe 

The Life and Death of Lord Cromavell, publiſh ed i 
1602, and afcribed to W. S. and The Purim Widow, 
Ne Nd d e l 933001 & 10 gANIn so 
4 That this ſecond Part of Sir Fobn Oldeaſtla was perſutmed ds che 
ſtage, as well as the former, is aſcertained by the following entry: 

„ Dd. [delivered] unto the littel taylor, at the oyntment of 
Robert Shawe, the 12 of marche, 1599, [1600] to matke* thiinges 
for'the 2 pte of owldcaflell, ſome of xxx s. | 


s See the Diſſertation on the Three Parts of K. Henry VI, in Vol. VI. 
| 2 which 


EMENDATIONS/ AND ADDITIONS. 319 
which was publiſhed in 1607, with: the ſame initial 
letters, were probably written by Wentworth: Smith, ia 
dramatick writer whole! name has ſo often occurred in 
the, Me with perhaps the aid of Anthony 
Mundy, or ſome other of the ſame fraternity, Laarine, 
Which was printed in 1595, as neguly /et forth, o enſcem, 
and corrected e S. Was dae reviſed by the 
ſame perſon. 265M Cu 

It is extremely prebable frown the regiſter of drama- 
tick pieces in a former page, that Cardinal Wolkey.had 
been exhibited on the ſtage before our poet produced 
him in K. Henry VIII. Jo the lift of plays written by 
Shakſpeare upon ſubjects which had already been brought 
upon the ſcene , muſt alſo be added Troilus and e e 
as appfars from the following entries 
% Aprel 7. 1599. Lent unto Thomas Downton to 
lende unto Mr. Deckers, & harey cheattel, in earneſt 
98515 boocke called Troyeles and Creafſedaye,' the mom 
of iii Ib.“ 

Lent unto harey cheattell, & Mr. Dickeess? in pte | 
of. payment of their booke called Troyelles & n 
* 16 of Aprell, 1599, xx s.“ 

I ſuſpect the authors changed the name of this piece 
before it was produced, for in a been Page are 
the following entries: 

ee Pent unto. Mr. Deckers and Mr. Chettel as 26 
of maye, 1599, in earneit of a booke called Fraylles 
and Creſeda, the ſome of xx s. In this entry a line is 
drawn; through! the words Troplles and Creſeda,' and 
** the\tragedie'of Agamemnon written over tùhgem. 
Lent unto Robart Shawe, the 30 of maye 1599, in 

fulle payment of the boocke called the tragedie of ors 
memnon, the ſome of iii li. W to Nu. ie r 
harey Chetell. Not J NA N 

Paid unto the Maſter of \the Revells | man fer 
Iycenſyng of a boocke called 0 Teen 97 Ames 
this pab-gandesr 2590 vii. to 11811 Þ 


- ” 
s ; 144818 41 28 . 7 4 3 * 4 
10 — Ani 08 14 I £2 — T - * 241214 10 1 4 „ * il 4 $1 dS < 148 
l : * | | , 
; / & 44 1 533138911341 * 
3 Vol EVI. $3.45 S 2 114 37 - kd 12771180 2 
4 a 5 
" " ; N 8 
Ses e | . ot 8 y © of 4 en? „ana! 
J. p. . \ 2 * 4 £ 21 18 141 10 : LS | 2 -./ Litas A #4 — 
k 7 — . N 7 \ \ * * T% $ ** 24 — U * 1 W 
„ 


1 ; „ © 0 n 1 Facts 
ai Y quot A NG 259 Na 


30 EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 


We have ſeen in the lift of plays performed in 1593-4 
by the fervants of the earl of Suſſex, the old play of 
Titus Andronicus, in which on its revival by the king's 
ſervants, our author was induced, for the advantage 
of his own theatre, to make ſome alterations, and 
to add a few lines, The old play ef X. Henry VI. 
which was played with ſuch ſucceſs in 1591, he with- 
out doubt touched in the ſame manner, in conſequence 
of which it appeared in his works under the title of 
the Vir Part of King Henry VJ. How common this 

ice was, 15 proved by the following entries made by 

r. Henſlowe. | | 

« Lent unto the companye, the 17 of Auguſt, 1602, 
to pay unto Thomas Deckers, for new adycions to 
Oauldcaſtell, the ſome of xxxx s. | 

„ Lent unto John Thane, the 7 of ſeptember, 1602, 
to geve unto Thomas Deckers for his adicions in Owld- 
caftel}, the ſome of xs.“ 28 

« Lent unto Samuel Rowley, the 14 of deſember, 
1600, to geve unto Thomas Deckers for his paynes 
in Fayeton, [ Phaeton} ſome of xs. For the corte. 

«« Lent unto Samuel Rowley, the 22 of deſember, 
1601, to geve unto Thomas Decker, for alktering of 
Fayten | Phaeton] for the corte, xxx s ë— 

* Pd. unto Thomas Deckers, at the apoyntment of 
the company, the 16 of janeuary 1601, towards the 
altering of Tafſo, the ſome of xxs. * 

Lent unto my ſonne E. Alleyn, the 7 of november, 
1602, to geve unto Thomas Deckers for mendizg of the 
playe of 7a, the ſome of xxxxs, TY Os 
«© Lent unto Mr. Birde, the 4 of Deſember, 1602, to 
paye.unto Thomas Deckers, in pt of payment for Ta, 
the ſome of xx s. | JV 

Theſe two old playes of Phaeton and Taſo's Melzn- 
eholy, we have ſeen in a former page, had been ex- 
hibited ſome years before. | 

« Lent unto the company, the 22 of november, 60a, 
to paye unto William Birde, and Samuel Rowley, for 
ther adycions in Docter Foftes, the ſome of iiiĩ lb. 10 

| | | b pd. 


; . >» * * 
4 L * nn 3 — - - W 
„ va * N 3 


EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 321 
d& Pd. unto Thomas Hewode, the 20 of ſeptember, 
[1602] for the new adycions of Cutting Dick, the ſome of 
XX Ss. 1 | $9531 Peg, | | 
The following curious notices occur, relative to our 
poet's old (antagoniſt, Ben Jonſon ; the laſt two of 
which furniſh a proof of what 1 have juſt obſerved with 
reſpect to Titus Andronicus, and the Firſt Part of King 
Henry VI.; and the laſt article aſcertains that he had 
the audacity to write a play, after our author, on the 
ſubject of K. Richard Ill. 5 
„ Lent unto Bengemen Johnſon, player, the 22 of 
July, 1597, in redy mony, the .ſome of fower poundes, 
to be payd yt again whenſoever ether or my ſonne 
[Edw. Alleyn] ſhall demand yt. I faye iiij lb, 
| “ Witneſs E. Alleyn, & John Synger.”” 
„ Lent unto Bengemen Johnſone, the 3 of deſember, 
1597, upon a booke which he was to writte for us befote 
cryimas next after the date hereof, which he ſhowed 
the. plotte unto the company: I ſaye, lent in redy 
mony unto hime the ſome of xx s. r 
Lent Bengemyn Johnſon, the 5 of Jenewary, 1597, 
_ [1597-8] in redy mony, the ſome of vs. 8 
Lent unto the company, the 18 of aguſt, 1598, to 
bye a boocke called Hoate anger ſone cosuld, of Mr. 
Porter, Mr. Cheattell, & Bengemen Johnſon, in fall 
payment, the ſome of vi Ib. | 88 
_.* Lent unto Robart Shawe, & Jewbey, the 23 of 
octob. 1598, to lend unto Mr. Chapman, one [on] his 
playe -boocke, & ij actes of a tragedie of Bengemen's 
Plott, the ſome of 113 lb. 
„ Lent unto Wm. Borne, alias Birde, the 10 of 
aguſt, 1599, to lend unto Bengemyn Johnſon and Thomas 
Dekker, in earneſt of ther booke which they are a 
writing, called Pagge of Plim?, the ſome of xxxx . 
| | "0 | „ Lent 


7 Thefe three words are ſo blotted, that they can only be gueſſed 
at. I find in the next page Lent unto Mr. Birde, Thomas Down- 
ton, and William Jube, the 2 of September 1599, to paye in full 
ment for a boocke called the lamentable tragedie of Pagge of Ply- 
Vor, I. Pax II. oY mouth, 


_ expreſsly bore that name, See the title-page to 


322 EMENDATONS AND | ADDITIONS» 
„ Lent unto Thomas Nownton, the 3 of ſeptember, 


1599, to lend unto Thomas Deckers, Bengemen Johnſon, 
Harey Cheattell, and other jentellmen, in earneſt of a 


playe called Robart the ſecond kinge of Scottes tragedie, 


the ſome of xxxx s. % en Oo 11 90 
A Lent unto Wm. Borne, the 23 of ſeptember, 1599, 
to lend unto Bengemen Johnſone, in earneſt of a boocke 

called the ſcottes tragedie, the ſome of xx s. 


Wo Lent unto Mr. Alleyn, the 25 of ſeptember, 1601, 


to lend unto Bengemen Johnſon, upon his writing of 


is adyciaus in Feronymo®*, xxxx s. 


Lent unto Bengemy Johnſone, at the apoyntment 
of E. Alleyn, and Wm. Birde, the 22 of june, 1602, 
in earneſt of a boocke called Richard Crook-back, and 
for new adycions for Jeronymo, the ſome of x Ib.“ 


T inſert the following letter, which has been lately 
found at Dulwich College, as a literary curiofity, It 
Mews how very . op reve the player was eſtimated. 
What the wager alluded to was, it is now impoſſible to 
aſcertain, It probably was, that Alleyn would equal 
his predeceſſors Knell and Bently, in ſome part which 
they had performed, and in which his contemporary, 
George Peel, had likewiſe been admired, _ 
% Your anſwer the other plght ſo well pleaſed the 
rentlemen, as I was ſatisfied therewith, though to the 
Fazarde of the wager: and yet my meaning was not to 


mouth, the ſome of vi Ib.“; which ſhould ſeem to be the fame lay ; 
but fix pounds was the full price of a play, and the authors are differ- 
ent.—Bird, Downton, and Jubey, were all adtors. 
s The Spaniſh Tragedy, written by Thomas Kyd, is meant, which 
was frequently called Feronymo, though the former ou of this play 
| e edition of the 
Spaniſb Tragedy in 16 10, where theſe new additions are particularly 
mentioned. Jonſon himſelf alludes to them in his Cynthia's Revels, 
1602: © Another ſwears down all that are about him, that the / 
Hieronymo, as it was at firſt acted, was the only beſt and judiciouſly 
enned play in Europe. — Mr. Hawkins, when he republiſhed this 
tece in 1773, printed moſt of Jonfon's additions to it, at the bottom 
of the page, as * foiſted in by the players. in £47 


Fe 


prejudice 


by WS n 8 


1615-16. 


Þ 
W x 


EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 323 


prejudice Peele's credit, neither wolde it, though ic 
pleaſed you ſo to excuſe it, But beinge now growen 
farther in queſtion, the partie affected to Bently ſcorn- 
ynge to win the wager by your deniall, hath now given 
you libertie to make choyce of any one play that either 
Bently or Knell plaide; and leaſt this advantage agree 
not with your mind, he 1s contented both the plaie and 
the tyme ſhalbe referred to the gentlemen here preſent. 


I ſee not how you canne any waie hurt your credit by 


this action: for if you excell them, you will then be 
famous; if equall them, you win both the wager and 
credit; if ſhort of them, wee mult and will ſaie, NR o 
ALLEN STILL. | | 
Your friend to his power, 
Deny mee not, ſweet Ned; the wager's downe, 
And twice as muche commaunde of me or myne ; 
« And if you wynne, I ſwear the half is thine, 
And for an overplus an Engliſh crowne : 


«« Appoint the tyme, and ſtint it as you pleas, 
«© Your labor's gaine, and that will prove it eaſe.“ 


The two following letters, which were found among 
Mr. Henſlowe's papers, aſcertain the low ſtate of the 
dramatick poets in his time. From the former of them 


it ſhould ſeem, that in a few years after the acceſſion of 


James the Firſt, the price of a play had conſiderably 
riſen. Neither of them are dated, but I imagine they 
were written ſome time between the years 1612 and 
1618. Mr, Henſlowe died about the Sth of January, 


F 


Mr. Hinchlow, | 
have ever ſince I ſaw you kept my bed, being ſa 


lame that I cannot ſtand, I pray, Sir, goe forward with 
that reaſonable bargayn for The Bellman. We will have 


but twelve pounds, and the overplus of” the ſecond day; 
whereof I have had ten ſhillings, and deſyre but twenty 
ſhillings more, till you have three ſheets of my papers. 
15170 e Y 2 | Good 


\ £ 


324 EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 
Good Sir, conſider how for your ſake I have put myſelf 


out of the aſſured way to get money, and from tæbeny 


pounds a Play am come to twelve. Thearfor in my ex- 


tremity foriake me not, as you ſhall ever comand me. 


My wife can aquaint you how infinit great my occaſion 
is, atid this all be ſufſeient for the receipt, till I come 


a 


to Tet my hand to the booke. | 
Yours at comand, | 


"AO 1-1 ROBERT DABORNE.” 


At the bottom of this letter Mr. Henſlowe has written 
the following memorandum : _ | | | 

5 Lent Mr. Daborne upon this note, the 23 of aguſt, 
in earneſt of a play called T he Bellman of London, xxs,”” 


Jo our moſt loving friend, 
10 i ELF, Mr. Phillip Hinchlow, 
beg t 92514 +: Eſquire, Theſe. 


. Mr. Hinchlow, : 


Dee Vo underſtand our unfortunate extremitie, and I 


doe not thincke you ſo void of chriftianitie but that you 


would throw ſo much money into the Thames as wee 


requeſt now of you, rather then endanger ſo many in- 

ent lives. You know there is xl. more at leaſt to be 
reteaved of you for the play. We deſire you to lend us 
V. of that; which ſnall be allowed to you; without 


wach wee cannot be bayled, nor I play any more till 


this be diſpatch'd. It will loſe you xxl. ere the end of 
the next weeke, beſide the hinderance of the next new. 
play. Pray, Sir, conſider our caſes with humanity, and 
no give us cauſe to acknowledge you our true freind in 
time of neede. Wee have entreated Mr. Daviſon, t0 
de liver this note; as well to witneſſe your love as Out 
+ + Your moſt thanckfull and loving freinds, 
th: 10 msi 91 5181 01 5 oo mio Dae 
The money ſhall he abated out of the money, re- 
mayns for the play af Mr. Fletcher and ours. 
1. - / ROB, DABORN E.“ 
eh « I have 


4 


a> 


3 * 
1 . by. 2 <ul 
8 5 2 N 12 * 
hh 
V „ 


EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 325 

J have ever found you a true loving freind to mee, 
and in ſoe ſmall a ſuite, it beeinge honeſt, I hope you 
will not faile us. | * amo 5 
emo PHILIP MASSINGER.“ 
 Indorſeds | m1 29 937 vl 

< Received by mee Robert Daviſon of Mr. Hinch- 
low, for the uſe of Mr. Daboerne, Mr. Feeld, Mr. 


Meſſenger, the ſome of vl. 
_ ROBERT DAVISON.” 


The dimenſions and plan of the Globe Playhouſe, /as 


well as the time when it was built, are aſcertained'/by 
the following paper. I had conjectured that it was not 


built before 1596; and we have here à confirmation of 


that conjecture. 


« Tyis INDENTURE made the eighte day of Januarye, 
1599, and in the two and fortyth'yeare of the reigne of 
our ſovereigne ladie Elizabeth, by the grace of God 

acene of England, Fraunce and Ireland, defender of 
the fayth, &c. Between Phillipp Henſlowe and Edward 
Allen of the pariſhe of St. Saviours in Southwark, in 
the countie of Surry, gentlemen, on thone parte, and 
Peter Streete, citizen and carpenter of London, on 
thother parte, Witneſſethz that whereas the ſaid 
Phillipp Henſlowe and Edward Allen the day of the 
date hereof have bargained, compounded, and) agreed 


With the ſaid Peter Streete for the erectinge, buildinge, 


and ſetting up of a new Houſe and Stage for a play- 


howſe, in and uppon a certeine plott or peece of grounde 


ynted oute for that purpoſe, ſcituate and beinge 
near Goldinge lane in the pariftrof Saint Giles without 
Cripplegate of London; to be by him the ſaid Peter 
Streete or ſome other ſufficient workmen of his provid- 
ing and appoyntment, and att his propper coſtes and 
chardges, (for the conſideration hereafter in theſe pre- 
ſents sxpreſſed) made, builded, and ſett upp, in manner 
and form following: that is to ſaie, the frame of the 
ſaĩde howſe to be ſett ſquare,” and to conteine fowerſcore 
foote of lawful aſize everye waie ſquare, without, and 


1 4 


326 EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 


fiftie five foote of like aſſize ſquare, everye waie within, 


with a good, ſuer, and ſtronge foundacion of pyles, brick, 
lyme, and ſand, both withoute and within, to be 


wraught one foote of aſſize at the leiſte above the 


round; and the ſaide frame to conteine three ſtories in 
eigth, the firſt or lower ſtorie to conteine twelve foote 
of lawful aſſize in heighth, the ſecond ſtorie eleaven 
foote of lawful aſſize in heigth, and the third or upper 
ſtorie to conteine nine foote of lawful aſſize in height. 
All which ſtories ſhall conteine twelve foote and a half 


of lawful affize in breadth throughoute, beſides a juttey 


forwards in eyther of the ſaide two upper ſtories of tene 
ynches of lawful afhze ; with fower convenient diviſions 
for gentlemens roomes?, and other ſufficient and con- 


venient diviſions for twoo-pennie roomes * ; with neceſ- 


ſarie ſeates to be placed and ſett as well in thoſe roomes 


as throughoute all the reſt of the galleries of the ſaid 
howſe; and with ſuche like ſteares, conveyances, and 
diviſions without and within, as are made and contry- 


ved in and to the late - erected play-howſe on the Banc 

in the ſaid pariſh of Saint Saviours, called 1 
Gong; with a ſtadge and tyreinge-howſe, to be made, 
erected and ſett upp within the ſaide frame; with a 
ſhadowe or cover over the ſaide ſtadge; which ſtadge 
ſhall be placed and ſett, as alſoe the ſtearcaſes of the 
faid frame, in ſuch forte as is prefigured' in a plott 


thereof drawen; and which ſtadge thall conteine in 


length fortie and three foote of lawſull affize, and in 


breadth to extende to the middle of the yarde* of the 
Aaid howſe: the ſame ſtadge to be paled in belowe with 


good ſtronge and ſufficyent new oken boardes; and 


likewiſe the lower ſtorie of the ſaid frame withinſied, 
and the ſame lower ſtorie to be alſoe laide over and 


fenced with ſtronge yron pyles: And the ſaide ſtadge 
to be in all other proportions contryved and faſhioned 


15 


* 1116 19.38 


„ Oo TT eo ft 
Perhaps the rooms over the boxes; what we now call Haltoniet. 
2 The open area in the o ˙»»- te lik 

| | i IKE 


T — — —— 
D CC ˙ ²ͤ ͤↄꝛ . 


4 
» 2 ; : 1 — C 
Te ke Ar eats Ges a 8 88 . IF: 
NC Denn, i. PP AAA ⅛ĩ—⅛. !̃—˙7˙UUTU e 2 *. ooo (.. 
9 V J » WW 7 * e 5 „S EC OST "OT IO SITS ATT ES LES, 


8 So 


EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS. 3275 


like unto: the Radge of the {aide Playhouſe called Tus 
GtoBt ; with convenient windowes and lights glazed 
to the ſaide tireynge-howſe. And the ſaide frame, 
ſtadge, and ſtearcaſes, to be covered with tyle, and to 
have a ſufficient gutter of leade, to carrie and conve 

the water from the coveringe of the ſaid ſtadge, to fa 

backwards. And alſoe all the ſaide frame and the 
ſtearcaſes thereof to be ſufficyently encloſed without with 


lathe, lyme, and haire. And the gentlemens roomes 


and two- pennie roomes to be ſeeled with lathe, lyme, 
and haire; and all the flowers of the ſaide galleries, 
ſtories, and ſtadge to be boarded with good and ſufficient 
newe deale boardes of the whole thicknes, wheare neede 
ſhall be. And the ſaide howſe, and other thinges 
before mentioned to be made and doen, to be in all 
other contrivitions, conveyances, faſhions, thinge and 
thinges, effected, finiſhed and doen, according to the 
manner and faſhion of the faide howſe called Tas 
Grog; ſaveinge only that all the princypall and 
maine poſtes of the ſaide frame, and ſtadge forward, 
ſhall be-ſquare and wrought palaſter-wiſe, with carved 
proportions called Satiers, to be placed and. ſett on the 
topp of every of the ſame poſtes: and ſaveing alſoe that 
the ſaide Peter Streete ſhall not be charged wich anie 
manner of paynteinge in or aboute the. ſaide frame, 
howſe, or ſtadge, or anie parte thereof, nor rendering 
the walles within, nor ſeelinge anie more or other 
roomes then the gentlemens roomes, twoo- pennie 
roomes, and ſtadge, before mentioned, Now theres 
uppon the ſaide Peter Streete doth covenante, promiſes 
and graunte for himſelf, his executors, and adminiſtrators, 


to and with the ſaid Phillip Henſlowe, and Edward 


Allen, and either of them, and thexecutors, and admi- 
niſtrators of them, by theſe preſents, in manner and 


forme followeinge, that is to ſay; That he the ſaide 


Peter Streete, his executors, or aſſigns, ſhall and will at 
his or their owne propper coſtes and chardges, well, 
workman-like, and ſubſtantially make, ere, fett upp, 
and fullie finniſhe in and oy all thinges accordinge A 
A | 1 4 the 


323 EMBNDATIONS/AND: ADDITIONS: = 
the true meaninge of theis preſents, with good ſtronge 
and 1 e neu, tymber and other neceſſarie ſtuff, 
lang frame and other works. whatſoever in and 
e ſaide, plott 8 . 1 grounde, (beinge not 

n oritie reſtrayned, and having ingres, egres, 
by, ö a doe the ſame,) before the ſive and twentyth 
daye. of, Julie, next comeing after the date hereot. 
| 1 IL alſoe att his or their like coſtes and chardges 
Pravide nd find all manner of workmen, op mber, 
Joyſts, rafters, —.— dores, bolts, hinges, brick, tyle, 
the. lyme, baire, ſande, nailes, lead, iron, glaſs, 
e and other thinges whatſoever which hall 


e needful, convenyent and neceſſarie for the ſaide 
re and works and everie parte thereof: and ſhall 
mak 15 all #6, ſaide frame in every poynte for 
h lardger an id big ger in aſſize then the ſcanthngs 
| al 


Rem er of the ſaide newe - erected howſe called 
And alſoe that he the ſaide Peter Streete 
hall . as well by him ſelfe as by ſuche other 
Inc Fx manie workmen as ſhall be convenient and 
me eflarig, enter into and uppon the ſaide buildinges 
and, Fart and ſhall in reaſonable manner. pracede 
tb 1 q wi 885 anie wilfull detraction, untill the ſame 
dal L and finiſhed, In conSIDERATIQN 
gl ic buildings ng go an be; an; Werke 
7225 elon e, the 1al 1113P, Hen owe, 
Lk 2 88 d either of them, for ee 
exre and either of theire executors and adminiſtrators, 
doe} 105 ie and ſeyerallie covenante and graunt to. 1. 
450 he ſaide Peter Streete, his executors and admi- 
rators, by "theis preſents, that the ſaid Phi Ape 
Henſlowe, and Edward Allen, or one of them, or t 
executors, adminiſtrators, or aſſigns of them or Arp f 
Wh ſhall and will well and traetfe paie-ot cabſe” whe 


Eager eter Streete — aſſignes, 
An ce fes 2 2 the . e of 
the ſaid frame, Nea e of FowER H e in 


\FORKLE r a of fawfull money ef 
"manner a and Ane fall er at js ag 0 


£901 107 


* 


38% 


EMENDATIONS” AND ADDITIONS: z 29 
tyme and when as the tymber woork of the ſaide frame 
ſhall be rayſed and ſett upp by the ſaide Peter Streete, 
his executors or aſſignes, or within ſeaven daies then 
next followinge, twooe hundred and twentie poundes; 
and att ſuche time and when as the ſaid frame - work 
ſhall be fullie effected and finiſhed as is aforefaid, or 
within ſeaven daies then next followinge, thother twode 
hundred and twentie poundes, withoute fraude or coven. 
Provided allwaies, and it is agreed betwene the ſaid 
parties, that whatſoever ſome or ſomes of money the 
ſaid Phillip Henſlowe, or Edward Allen, or either of 
them, or the executors or aſſigns of them or either of 
them, ſhall lend or deliver unto the faide Peter Streete, 
his executors or aſſignes, or anie other by his appoynt- 
ment or conſent, for or concerninge the faide woork or 
anie parte thereof, or anie ſtuff thereto belonginge, 
before the raiſeing and ſetting upp of the fable ame. 
ihall be reputed, accepted, taken and accoumpted in 
parte of the firſt payment aforeſaid of the ſaid ſome of 
fower' hundred and fortie poundes: and all ſuch ſome 
and ſomes of money as they or anie of them ſhall as 
uforeſaid lend or deliver betwene the razeing of the 
Jaid frame and finiſhing thereof, and of all the reſt of 
the ſaid works, ſhall be reputed, accepted, taken and 
#ccoumpted in parte of the laſte payment aforeſaid of the 
ſame ſome of tower hundred and fortie poundes; anie 
thinge above ſaid to the contrary notwithſtandinge, 
In witneſs whereof the parties aboveſaid to theis pre- 
ſent indentures interchangeably have ſett theire handes 


and ſeales. Veoven the date and yeare firſt above- 


IAA 993158; 
written.“ 
907 10 mad] Ii 


4 VERY T7 
S * 


10 Ono o mon: 20 n 10 21021 A 191099 
His rogict A | COUNT OF THE ENGLISH, STAGE, 


©*2 Pape 9. n. f. I. 1. of the ſecond paragraph.] For ef, 
13-4301 D331 0d Eo JIBIQ Oi) 18 


age 
pag. 12. n. 4.] For, in a maſe whith was performed at 


Court," Cc. r. in 4 paſtoral exhibited at Oxford before the 
King and guten, and the ladies who attended her, 


7 Bag. 41. n. . 1, 17.] For 1669, f. 1660. 
. 55 Pag. 


330 EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS: 


Pag. 43. n. 6. J. 7. For Cref, r. Brenv. I have 
lately ſeen Alleyn's pocket«book, from rens the cor. 
rection has been made. Rio nee 

Pag. 69. n. 5. 1. 10 from borwom.] Dele the comma 
after bern. 

„Pag. 73, l. 17.] For eie r. e (do H ! 
Fag. ug. n. 6. I. 5 from bottom. ] For actreſi r. mine. 

Seia — repreſented Andromache in a en 
pantomime. | | 

Pag. 108. 1. 4 from bottom. J For T TR r. « Fells, 

Pag. 110. 1. 6.] For De/demena, r. De/demona. 

Pag. 140 I. 13. from bottom. | Dele the comma after 

ors 

/ Pag. 256. ne *. I. 1. } For Briveat, r. Breviar. The 
letters were ſhufited out of their place at tid: ar 

—— — Dan 
Since the woet which contains the will af John Shak. 
ſpeare was printed, I have learned that it was origi - 
nally perfect, when found by Joſeph: Moſeley, though the 
firſt leaf has ſince been loſt. Moſeley tranſcribed a large 
portion of it, and from his copy I have been furniſhed 
with the introductory articles, from the want of which 
I was obliged to print this will i in an ya ſtate. 
'F on tt are as. follows: | 

I. 


ne” * my name of God, the father, 4 ad bely 
„ the moſt holy and bleſſod Virgin Mary, mother 

of God, the holy hoſt of archangels, angels, patriarchs, 
ophets, evangeliſts, apoſtles, ſaints, martyrs, and 
all the celeſtial court and company of heaven, I John 
Shakſpear, an unworthy member of the holy Catholick 
religion, being at this my preſent writing in perfect health 
of body, and ſound mind, memory, and underſtanding, 
but calling to mind the uncertainty of life and certainty 
of death, and that I may be poſſibly cut off in the 
bloſſome of my ſins, and called to render an account of 
all my tranſgreſſions externally and internally, and that 
1 may be unprepared for the dreadful trial either by 
facrament, pennance, failing, « or prayer, or any other 
: ; purgation 


EMENDATIONS AND ADDITIONS, 331 


purgation whatever, do in the holy preſence above 
ſpecified, of my own free and voluntary accord, make 
and ordaine this my laſt ſpiritual will, teſtament, con- 
feſſion, proteſtation, and confeſſion of faith, hopinge 
hereby to receive pardon for all my ſinnes and offences, 
and thereby to be made partaker of life everlaſting, 
through the only merits of Jeſus Chriſt my ſaviour and 
redeemer, who took upon himſelf the likeneſs of man, 
ſuffered death, and was crucified upon the croſſe, for 
the redemption of — | | 

« Item, I John Shakſpear doe by this preſent pro- 
teſt, acknowledge, and confeſs, that in my paſt life 1 
have been a molt abominable and grievous ſinner, and 
therefore unworthy to be forgiven without -a true and 
fincere repentance for the ſame. But truſting in the 
manifold mercies of my bleſſed Saviour and Redeemer, 
I am encouraged by relying on his ſacred word, to hope 
for ſalvation and be made partaker of his heavenly 
kingdom, as a member of the celeſtial company of 
angels, ſaints and martyrs, there to reſide for ever and 
ever in the court of my God. 
a3 A III. 3 | 
tem, I John Shakſpear doe by this preſent proteſt 
and declare, that as I am certain I muſt paſſe out of 
this tranſitory life into another that will laſt to eternity, 
Ido hereby moſt humbly implore and intreat my good 
and guardian angell to inſtruct me in this my ſolemn 
preparation, proteſtation, and confeſſion of faith, at 
leaſt ſpiritually,” &c. | | 


Fr The Emendations and Additions to the notes on the 
plays will be found in the Appendix at the end of Vol. X. 


6 


CONTENTS 


0 0 Na. N. . 8. 


e end MOL E EK K T. kan 


"+ 31 5 
Preface by Johnſon. 835 n Tag. 2 fl 
AdVertiferatht by Steevens. - 50 
Catalogue of the earlieſt Tranſlations from the Greek 
and Roman Clafficks; by Steevens. . 
Preface by Pope. | 1 
e by 1 and Condell 10 the Folio, 
1623. ; 8 
Preface by the ſame. oe.” - 185 


Rowe's Life of Shakſpeare, augmented by Malone. ey 

Anecdotes of Shakſpeare, from Oldys's Mis. Kc. 156 

Baptiſms, Marriages, and Burials of the Shakſpeare 
family; extracted from the Regiſters of Stratford- 


upon-Avon, by Malone. _ - 20a Hyg 
Shakſpeare's Coat of Arms. — 2 188 
Shakſpeare's Will, (from the N with notes by 

Malone. | | [6 355 


Shakſpeare's Mortgage. rl 
Ancient and Modern Commendatory Verſes on Shak 1 


ſpeare. 1 197 
Liſt of the moſt authentick ancient Rditions of Shak» | 

ſpeare's Plays, .' «= "HT 3.14 W. 22285 
Lig of the modern Editions of hisplays a4 $24 12290 | 
Liſt of the moſt e ancient ditions of Shak- 

ſpeare's Poems, E ale 
2 Pieces on which Plays were formed b by Shake - 

eare. - 4e 12725 


Lift Ko altered from Shakſpeare. 57424236“ 
Detached Pieces of Criticiſm on N Mo "his _ 
tors, &c. 243 
Entries of Shakſpeare” 8 va and Poems in the Sch. 
tioners' Regiſters ; extracted by Steevens. 250 
Eſſay on the Order of Time in Which the Plays of Shak-- 
ſpeare were written ;—by Malone. * IX RAR 264” 


C O HY 


Effay to prove that the account of a pretended Pamphlet 
entitled Oli Ben's Light Heart! made heavy by young 
John's Melancholy Lower, was ſpurious, and that no 
ſuch pamphlet ever was publiſhed; by Malone, 387 


VOL 1 FART i. _-£ 

An Hiſtorical Account of the Riſe and Progreſs, of the”, 
Engliſh Stage; of the economy and uſages of our 
Ancient Theatres; and of the Original Actors in 
Shakſpeare's Plays ;—by Malone 
Emendations and Additions, 4 „d wt 28G q 
TEMPEST. | : RA 
Two GENTLEMEN OF VERONA, 5 
MERRTY Wives OF WINDSOR» 


| VOk e 
Measurt rFoR MEASURE. 111M amiiiazy 
COMEDY OF Ex RRR , 584K 
Muck ADO ABOUT Nor HING. A noc 
Love's LABOUR's Los r. c ic 
MipsUnMmER-NiGaT's DREAM. 9169qhaladi 


> þ ! V O * III. k ; 3.3 # ; "4 1 FU 
MzxchAN T Or VENICE. MM n 1asnf: 
As ro LIKE IT. - | 
TauIN d Or THE SHREW. E fin 
ALL?s WELL THAT EN DS WELL. VEE 
PERICLES, PRINCE of TYRE, 
0 8 , : V O Jos IV. 8 & {71 3 4 7 £ 907 
TNMIBZ NH NA r. no 293517 4015 
WinTER's TALE. PEER 
K1;NG Jon x. An | * ! 0 29: Th # rat? 
: O * V 3 ; 1 - 2" 7 * 


Kixe RIA II. le to ing 
Kino HEX RX IV. Part Firſt. bot 
KING HEZNET IV. Part Seconßegg. 


N 83s 


) 


rf of - 
„ASH. 8 


| 
| 


CONTENT S. 


O . 
King Henry VI. Part Firſt. 
Kino HENRY VI. Part Second. 
KING Henry VI. Part Third. 
D1issERTAT10N on the Three Parts of KI XG Hens RY VI. 
by Malone. 
KING RICHARD III. 


O * ME 
Kiba Win VIII. 


CoRIOLANUS, 
Jurivs Czar. 
ANnNTONY AND CLEOPATRA. 


VOL. VIII, 


Timon or ATHENS. 
'Tarorlus AND ness. 
CyYMBELINE. 

Kino LEAR. 


E V 0 L. IX. 
Ro EO AND JULIET. 
HAMLE r. 

OTHELLO., 1 1 
5 . 


Venus An D Apo xis. 
Raye or LUCRECE. 
SoNN ETS. | 
Pass10naTE PILGRIM. 
Lover's ComPLainT. 
Tirus ANDRONICUS. FT 10 
Ro u EUS AND JurIEr. : : Zo dat 
APPENDIX. | 1 
Gross ARIAL Ia ox. 


PDiRECTIONS TO THE BINDER. 


The hend of Shakſpeare to face ths Tite-page to Vol. I. 
Part I, 


The heads of Dr. Johnſon, Dr. Farmer, &c. to face a 
firſt page of Dr. Johnſon's Preface. 


Shakſpeare's Houſe, to face p. 1 116, Vol. I. Part I. 


The fac- ſimile of the hand-writing of Shakſpeare and the 

Witneſſes to his Will, to face p. 190, Vol. I. Part I. 

This fac-ſimile is to be cut down to crown octavo 
ſize. | 


The fac-ſimile of Shakſpeare's hand-writing, with I 
label and ſeal, to face his Mortgage, i. e. p. 192, 
Vol. I. P. I. 


The head of Lowin to face p. 205 of Vol. I. part II. 


The Morris-dancers, to be inſerted in Vol. V. at the end 
of King Henry IV. Part I. and not Part II. as 
marked by miſtake. 


The head of Lord Southampton to face the Tite-pag 
of Vol, X. 


CN 
Take pains the genuine meaning to explore; 
There ſweat, there ſtrain; tug the laborious oar: 
Search every comment that your care can find; 
Some here, ſome there, may hit the poet's mind: 
When things appear unnatural and hard, 
Conſult your author, with himſelf compar'd. 
Ros coli uox. 


P 


ow. & 


. 


o 
— 

: 
* 


Perſons Repreſented *. 


Alonſo, king of Naples. 

Sebaſtian, 5: hor any . 

Proſpero, the rightful duke of Milan. 

Anthonio, his brother, the uſurping duke of Milan, 
Ferdinand, /o to the king of Naples. 

Gonzalo, an honeſt old NOI Y Naples. 


Adrian, c lords. 


Franciſco, 

Caliban, a /avage and de eformed ſlave. 
Trinculo, a jeſter. 

Stephano, a drunken butler. 

Mafter of a ſhip, Boatſwain, and Mariners, | 


Miranda, daughter to Proſpero. 


Ariel, an airy fpirir. 


I xis, 


Ceres, 


Juno, Spirits. 
Nymphs, 
Reapers, 


Other ſpirits attending on Proſpero. 


SCENE, the ſea, with a ſhip; afterward an uninba- 


bited and. 


* This enumeration of perſons is taken from the folio 1623. 
STEVENS. 


— — 


4 > tt : 
Rr Ii. 

"4 * 3 2 * OY \ 
f Ca, 823 2 - 
; - + 9 =, * 

* * 's 0 
I of 


' 


Aer. 
On a ſhip at ſea. 
form with thunder and lightning. 
Enter a Ship-maſter and a Boatſwain 2, 


Mafter. Boatſwain, 
Beoat/; Here, maſter ; What cheer ? 
Maft. 


1 The Tempeſt and The Midſummer's Night's Dream are the no- 
bleſt efforts of that ſublime and amazing imagination peculiar to 
Shakſpeare, which ſoars above the bounds of nature without for- 
Taking ſenſe; or, more properly, carries nature along with him beyond 
her eſtabliſhed limits, Fletcher ſeems particularly to. have admired 
theſe two plays, and hath wrote two in imitation of them, The Sea 
Voyage and The Faithful Shepherd:ſs. But when he preſumes to 
break a lance with Shakſpeare, and write in emulation of him, as he 
does in The Falſe One, which is the rival of Anthony and Cleopatra, 
he is not ſo ſucceſsful, After him, Sir John Suckling and Milton 
catched the brighteſt fire of their imagination from theſe two plays; 
which ſhines fantaſtically indeed in The Goblins, but much more 
nobly and ſerenely in The Maſk at Ludlow-Cafile, Warmvur TON, 

No one has been hitherto. lucky enough to diſcover the romance on 
which Shakſpeare may be ſuppoſed to have founded this play, the beau- 
wes of which could not ſecure it from the criticiſm of Ben Jonſon, 
whoſe malignity appears to have been more than equal to his wit. In 
the induction to Bartholomew Fair, he ſays: If there be never a 
& ſervant monſter in the fair, who can help it, nor a neſt of antiques? 
« He is loth to make nature afraid in his plays, like thoſe that beget 
« Tales, Tempeſts, and ſuch like drolleries. STEEVENS. | 

I was informed by the late Mr. Collins of Chicheſter, that Shak- 
ſpeare's TemytsT, for which no origin is yet aſſigned, was formed 
on a romance called Aux EI ITIO AND ISABELLA, printed in Italian, 
Spaniſh, French, and Engliſh, in 1588. But though this information 
has not proved true on examination, an uſeful concluſion may be drawn 
from it, that Shakſpeare's ſtory is ſomewhere to be found in an Italian 
f B 2 : novel, 


4 | T EL MP RET 
Maſt. Good: Speak to the mariners : fall to't yarely? 5 
or we run ourſelves aground : beſtir, beſtir. [ Exit, 


Enter Mariners. 
Boatſ. Heigh, my hearts; cheerly, cheerly, my 
hearts; yare, yare: Take in the topſail; Tend to the 
+ | maſter's 


novel, at leaſt that the ſtory preceded Shakfpeare. Mr. Collins had 
_ ſearched this ſubject with no leſs fidelity than judgement and induſtry ; 
but his memory failing in his laſt calamitous indiſpoſition, he probably 
gave me the name of one novel for another. I remember he added a 
circumſtance, which may lead to a diſcovery, that the principal cha- 
racter of the romance, anſwering to Shakſpeare's Proſpero, was a che- 
mical necromancer, who had bound a ſpirit like Ariel to obey his call, 
and perform his ſervices, It was a common pretence of dealers in the 
occult ſciences to have a demon at command. At leaſt Aurelio, or 
Orelio, was probably one of the namesof this romance, the production 
and multiplicity of gold being the grand object of alchemy. Taken at 
large, the magical part of the TEMPEST is founded on that ſort of 
philoſophy which was practiſed by John Dee and his affociates, and 
has been called the Roſicrucian. The name Ariel came from the 
Talmudiſtick myſteries with which the learned Jews had infected this 
Science, T. WARTON. 

Mr. Theobald tells us, that the Tempe muſt have been written 
after 1609, becauſe the Bermuda iſlands, which are mentioned in it, 
were unknown to the Engliſh until that year; but this is a miſtake, 
He might have ſeen in Hagkluyt,. 1600, folio, a deſcription of Ber- 
muda, by Henry May, who was ſhipwrecked there in 1593s | 

It was however one of our author's laſt works. In 1598 he played 


a part in the original Every Man in bis Humour. Two of the cha- 


racters are Proſpero and Sterhano, Here Ben Jonſon taught him the 
pronunciation of the latter word, which is always right in the Tempeſt : 
cc Is not this Srephano, my drunken butler?“ | 

And always wrong in his earlier play, the Merchant of Venice, which 
had been on the ſtage at leaſt two or three years before its publication 
in 1600 : | 
; « My friend Stephano, ſignify, I pray you, &c. 

— So little did a late editor know of his author, when he idly ſup- 


poſed his ſchool literature might perhaps have been loſt by the diſſi- 


pation of youth, or the buſy ſcenes of publick life! FARMER. | 
This play muſt have been written after 1609, when Bermudas 
; | was 


— - 
— — 


ful navigator, ſome inaccuracies and contradictory orders. JohN SU§rù. 
3 — fall to't yarely,] i.e. readily, nimbly. Our author is frequent 
In. his uſe of this word, STEEVENS, 


2 In this naval dialogue, perhaps the firſt example of ſailor's lan- 
guage exhibited on the ſtage, there are, as I have been told by a ſkil- - 


TT 1 N EST 5 
maſter's whiſtle: - Blow, till thou burſt thy wind, if 
room enough # ! | 25 


Enter AlOoN SO, SEBASTIAN, AN THON Io, 
FERDINAND, GONZALO, and others. 


Alon. Good boatſwain, have care. Where's the maſter ? 
Play the men. | 

Boat. J pray now, keep below. 

Ant. Where is the maſter, boatſwain ? 
Boalſ. Do you not hear him? You mar our labour; 
Keep yeur cabins : you do aſſiſt the ſtorm. 
Gon. Nay, good, be patient. | 

Boat/. When the ſea is. Hence! What care theſe 
roarers for the name of king? To cabin: filence : trouble 
us not. W | | 

Gon, Good ; yet remember whom thou haſt aboard. 
Boatſ. None that I more love than myſelf. You are a 
counſellor ; if you can command theſe elements to filence, 
and work the peace of the preſent ®, we will not hand a 
rope more; uſe your authority. If you :cannot, give 
thanks you have liv'd ſo long, and make yourſelf ready in 
your cabin for the miſchance of the hour, if it ſo hap.— 


| Cheerly, good hearts.—Out of our way, I ſay. [Exz. 


Gon.“ I have great comfort from this fellow: methinks, 
| he 


was diſcovered, and before 1614, when Jonſon ſneers at it in his 
Barth:lomew Fair. In the latter plays of Shakipeare, he has leſs of 
pun and quibble than in his early ones. In The Merchant of Venice he 
expreſsly declares againſt them. This perhaps might be one criteriog 
to diſcover the dates of his plays. BLacksTONE. | 

See a note on The cloud-capt Towers, &c. act iv. STEEVENS. 

See allo An Attempt to aſcertain the order of Shakſpeare's Plays, 
ante. MaLoNE., {; 


”—=— 


4 room enough. ] We might read blow till thou burff thee, wind! 
if room enough, And yet, deſiring the avjnds to blow till they burſt their 
winds, is not unlike many other conceits of Shakſpeare. STEEVENS. 
5 Play the men.] i. e. act with ſpirit, behave like men. Avepes 
ki, $1206 STEEVENS, | 
© — of the preſent,] It may mean of the preſent inſtant. STEEVENSs 


7 Con. ] It may be obſerved of Gonzalo, that, being the only good 
B 3 N man 


6 — & MM 27 Þ & | | 

he hath no drowning mark upon him ; his complexion is 
perfect gallows. Stand faſt, good fate, to his hanging; 
make the rope of his deſtiny our cable, for our own doth 
little advantage; If he be not born to be hang'd, our 
caſe is miſerable. Exeunt. 


Re-enter SEBASTIAN, AN THON IO, and GONZALO. 


Yet again? What do you here? Shall we give o'er, and 
drown ? Have you a mind to ſink ? 

Seb. A pox o your throat! you bawling, blaſphemous, 
incharitable dog ! : 

Boat/. Work you, then, | 

Ant, Hang, cur, hang! you whoreſon, inſolent noiſe- 
maker, we are leſs afraid to be drown'd than thou art. 

Gon. I'll warrant him from drowning ;. though the ſhip 
were no ſtronger than a nut-ſhell, and as leaky as an 
unſtanch'd wench ?. „„ 
77 * Lay her a-hold, a-hold * ; ſet her two courſes 2; 

e 


off to ſea again, lay her off. 


Enter Mariners wet, 


Mar. All loſt! to prayers, to prayers ! all loſt ! 
| | [ Exeunt, 


man that appears with the king, he is the only man that preſerves 
his cheerfulneſs in the wreck, and his hope on the iſland. JonunsoN. 

8 — bring ber to try with main-courſe.] Probably from Hackluyt's 
Voyages, 1598 : „ And when the barke had way, we cut the hauſer, 
and ſo gate the ſea to our friend, and tried out all that day with our 
maine courſe.” MALONE. 5 

9 — an unftanch'd wencb.] Unſtanch'd, 1 believe, means inconti- 
nent. SrEEVENS. 

1 Lay ber a- bold, a-bold;] To lay a ſhip a- hold, is to bring her to 
lie as near the wind as ſhe can, in order to keep clear of the land, 
and get her out to ſea. STEEVENS. 

— ſet ber two courſes;] The courſes are the main-ſail and fore- 


fail, Jonnson, 
5 | Baat/. 


TERM EE SS T* 7 
Boatſ. What muſt our mouths be cold? 
Gon. The king and prince at prayers! let us aſſiſt 
them, 
For our caſe is as theirs. 
Seb. J am out of patience. : 
Aut. We are merely 3 cheated of our lives by drunk- 
ards,— | 
This wide-chopp'd raſcal; Would thou might't lie 
| drowning, 
The waſhing of ten tides ! 
Gon. He'll be hang'd yet; | 
Though every drop of water ſwear againft it, 
And gape at wid'ſt to glut him +. 

54 confuſed noiſe within.) Mercy on us!. We ſplit! 
we ſplit!— Farewell, my wife and children! Fare- 
well, brother! We ſplit, we ſplit, we ſplit 5. 

Ant. Let's all fink with the king. | [ Exzt. 
Seb. Let's take leave of him. Exit. 
Gon. Now would I give a thouſand furlongs of ſea for 
an acre of barren ground; long heath , brown furze, any 
thing: The wills above be done, but I would fain die 
a dry death! | [Exits 


SCENE 
The inchanted iſland : before the cell of Proſpero. 
Enter PROSPERO and MIRAN DA. 


Mira. If by your art, my deareſt father, you have 
Put the wild waters in this roar, allay them : 
The ſky, it ſeems, would pour down ſtinking pitch, 


3 — merely——] in this place ſignifies abſolutely. STEEVENSs 

4. to glut bim. ] i. e. to englut or ſwallow him, „ 85 

S Mercy on us! we ſplit, wwe ſplit! Farewell, my wife and chil- 
dren, &c.] Theſe lines (as Dr. Johnſon has obſerved) ſhould be con- 
fidered as ſpoken not by any determinate characters of the preſent play, 
but by various ſailors on board the veſſel, MALONE. 

6 long ys) Sir T. Hanmer reads ling, heath, brooms 
furze. Perhaps rightly, though he has been charged with tautology. 
T find in Harriſon's Deſcription of Britain, prefixed to our author's good 


friend Holinſhed, p. 91: ( Brome, beth, - firze, brakes, whinnes, 
ling,” & FARMER» . | 


B 4 But 


8 EZ = . 7 
But that the ſea 7, mounting to the welkin's cheek, | 1 
PDaſhes the fire out. O, I have ſuffer'd $ 
With thoſe that I ſaw ſuffer ! a brave veſſel, 
Who had no doubt ſome noble creature in her, 
Daſh'd all. to pieces. O, the cry did knock 
Againſt my very heart! Poor ſouls! they periſh'd.- 
Had I been any god of power, I would 
Have ſunk the ſea within the earth, or ere? 
It ſhould the good ſhip ſo have fwallow'd, and 
The freighting ſouls within her. 

Pro. Be collected; 
No more amazement ; tell your piteous heart, 
There's no harm done. 

Mira. O, woe the day 

Pro. No harm. 
J have done nothing but i in care of thee, 
(Of thee, my dear one! thee, my daughter !) who 
Art ignorant of what thou art, nought knowing 
Of whence I am; nor that I am more better 
Than Proſpero, maſter of a full 98 cells, 3535 
And thy no greater father. 

Mira. More to know 


Did never meddle With my thoughts 3. 


7 But that the ſea, &c.] So, in King Lear ; 

& The ſea in ſuch a ſtorm as his bare head 0 
4c In hell-black night endur'd, would have buoy'd up, 
cc And quench'd the ſtelled fires,” MALONE. 

B Or ere, is before. STEEVENS. 

9 Pro. No barm.] I know not whether Shakſpear e did not make 
Miranda ſpeak thus: O, woe the wy no barm 4 „„ 
To which Proſpero properly anſwers: 

¶ have done nothing. but in care of click, 
Miranda, when ſhe ſpeaks the words, O, <voe the day! ſuppoſes, not 
that the crew had eſcaped, but that her father thought differently from 
her, and counted their deſtruction no harm. JoHNsSON. 

more better—) This ungrammatical expreſſion 1 is very frequent 
W Wis our oldeſt writers. STEEVENS. 
full poor cell,] i.e. a cell in a great Upgeee of poverty, So, 
in 8 and Cleopatra: I am full ſorty. STEEVENS. | "W 

3 Did never meddle with my thoughts. | To meddle, in this inſtance, - 
ſeems to ſignify to ming/e. Hence the ſubſtantive medley. STEEVENSs J 
See Howell's PI cr. $000, 1 in v, to ä ; © ſe meſler de. MaLOox x. 


8 9 f _ 
- 2 
t 
* 


7 
53% 
1.4 
772 
75 
47% 
1 
£3 

vg 

1 


„ 


. have with ſuch proviſion in mine art 


T E M HE Ss © 9 


Pro. Tis time 
J ſhould inform thee further. Lend thy hand, 


And pluck my magick garment from me.—So ; 
| [ Lays down his mantle. 


Lie there my art. Wipe thou thine eyes; have comfort. 
The direful ſpectacle of the wreck, which touch'd 
The very virtue of compaſſion 5 in thee, 


* 


So ſafely order'd, that there is no ſoul-— 


No, not ſo much perdition as an hair, 


Betid to any creature in the veſſel 
Which thou heard” cry, which thou ſaw'ſt ſink. Sit down; 
For thou muſt now know further. 
Mira. You have often 
Begun to tell me what I am ; but ſtopp*d, 
And left me to a bootleſs inquiſition; 
Concluding, Stay, not yet.— 
Pro, The hour's now come ; 


The very minute bids thee ope thine ear; 


Obey, and be attentive. Canſt thou remember 
A time before we came unto this cell ? 
I do not think thou canſt; for then thou waſt not 
Out three years old 7. 
Mira. Certainly, fir, les? 
Pro. By what ? by any other houſe, or perſon ? 
Of any thing the image tell me, that 


Hath kept with thy remembrance. 


Mira. Tis far off; 


4 Lie there my art.] Sir W. Cecil, lord Burleigh, lord high trea- 
ſurer, &c. in the reign of queen Elizabeth, when he put off his gown 
at night, uſed to ſay, Lie there, lord treaſurer. Fuller's Holy State, 
p. 257. STEEVENS. 

5 — virtue of compaſſion—] Virtue, the moſt efficacious part, 
the energetick quality; in a like ſenſe we ſay, The virtue of a plant is 
in the extract. JOHNSON. | 

© — 10 fou] Such interruptions as the preſent are not uncom- 


mon to Shakſpeare. He ſometimes begins a ſentence, and before he con- 


cludes it, entirely changes the conſtruction, becauſe another, more for- 

cible, occurs. As this change frequently happens in converſation, it may 

be ſuffered to paſs uncenſured in the language of the ſtage, STEEVENS. 
7 Out three years old.] i. e. quite three years old, three years old 

fyll-out, complete. 8 TEEVENS. 

= And 


10 5 CE 1 $4 


And rather like a dream, than an aſſurance 
That my remembrance warrants: Had I not 
Four or five women once, that tended me ? 
Pro. Thou hadſt, and more, Miranda: But how is it, 
That this lives in thy mind? What ſeeſt thou elſe 
In the dark backward and abyſm of time * ? 
If thou remember'ſt aught, ere thou camꝰſt here, 
How thou cam'ſt here, thou may'ſt. 
Mira. But that I do not. 
Pro. Twelve years ſince, Miranda, twelve years Ros 
'Thy father was the duke of Milan, and 
A prince of power. 
Mira. Sir, are not you my father ? 
Pro. Thy mother was a piece of virtue, and 
She ſaid—thou waſt my daughter ! and thy father 
Was duke of Milan ; and his only heir | 
A princeſs no worſe iſſued ?. 
Mira. O the heavens | 
What fqul play had we, 8 we came from PR © 
Or bleſſed was't, we did 
Pro. Both, both, a girl; 0 | 
By foul 2 47 as thou '|, were we heav'd thence ; 
But ble holp ber. 
Mira. 0. my heart bleeds 
To think o' the teen * that I have turn'd you to, 
Which is from my remembrance ! Pleaſe you, further. 
Pro. My brother, and thy uncle, called Anthonio, — 
I pray thee, mark 'me,—that a brother ſhould 
Be ſo perfidious !—he whom, next thyſelf, 
Of all the world I lov'd, and to him put 
The manage of my tate ; as, at that time, 
Through all the figniories it was the firſt, 
And Proſpero the prime duke; being fo reputed, 
In dignity, and, for the liberal arts, 
Without a parallel ; thoſe being all my ſtudy, 


5 — abyſm of time Y] i. e. abyſs. MALON x. 

9 A princeſs - no worle iſſued.] The old copy Cas prin» 
ceſs —. The emendation was propoſed by Mr. Steevens, Iſſued is 
(as he obſerves) deſcended, MALONE. 

1 —feen— is ſorrow, brief, trouble. STEEVENS» 


The 


T N ÜN 11 


The government I caſt upon my brother, 
And to my ſtate grew ſtranger, being tranſported, 
And rapt in ſecret ſtudies. Thy falſe uncle 
Doſt thou attend me? 
Mira, Sir, molt heedfully. | | 
Pro. Being once perfected how to grant ſuits, 
How to deny them; whom to advance, and whom“ 
To traſh for over-topping 3 ; new created 
The creatures that were mine; I ſay, or chang'd them, 
Or elſe new form'd them: having both the key + 
Of officer and office, ſet all hearts 1' the ſtate _ 
To what tune pleas'd his ear; that now he was 
The ivy, which had hid my princely trunk, 
And ſuck'd my verdure out on't.— Thou attend'ſt not. 
Mira. O good Sir, I do, ; 
Pro. I pray thee, mark me. | | 
I thus neglecting worldly ends, all dedicated 
To cloſeneſs, and the bettering of my mind 
With that, which, but by being ſo retir'd, 
O'er-priz'd all popular rate, in my falſe brother 
Awak'd an evil nature: and my truſt, 
Like a good parent 5, did beget of him 
A falſehood, in its contrary as great 
As my truſt was; which had, indeed, no limit, 
A confidence ſans bound. He being thus lorded, 
Not only with what my revenue yielded, 


2 = whom to advance, and whom] The old copy has who in both 
places. Corrected by the editor of the ſecond folio. Maronz, 

3 To traſh for over-topping ;] To traſhy, as Dr. Warburton obſerves, 
is to cut away the ſuperfluities. This word I have met with in books 
containing directions for gardeners, publiſhed in the time of queen 
Elizabeth. : 

Mr. Warton's note, however, on == © traſh for his quick hunting,” 
in the ſecond act of Othello, leaves my interpretation of this paſlage 
exceedingly diſputable. STEEVENS. : 

4 — both the key] Key in this place ſeems to ſignify the key of a 
muſical inſtrument, by which he ſet hearts to tune. JOHNSON. 

This doubtleſs is meant of a key for tuning the harpſichord, ſpinnet, 
or virginal ; we call it now a tuning hammer. Sir J. HawxiNs. 

F Like a goodparent,] Alluding to the obſervation, that a father above 
the common rate of men has commonly a ſon below it. Heroum filii 
non. JOHNSON. 


But 


12 „% % 3 T 


But what my power might elſe exact, —like one, 
Who having, unto truth, by telling of it, 
Made ſuch a ſinner of his memory, 
To credit his own lie ©, he did believe 
He was, indeed, the duke; out of the ſubſtitution, 
And executing the outward face of royalty, 
With all prerogative :—Hence his ambition growing. 
Doſt thou hear ? | 5 | 
Mira. Your tale, fir, would cure deafneſs. 
Pro. To have no ſcreen between this part he play'd 
And him he play'd it for, he needs will be 
Abſolute Milan : Me, poor man !—my library 
Was dukedom large enough ; of temporal royalties 
He thinks me now incapable : confederates,” 
So dry he was for ſway 7, with the king of Naples, 
To give him annual tribute, do him homage bd 
Subject his coronet to his crown, and bend | 
The dukedom, yet unbow'd, (alas, poor Milan!) 
To moſt ignoble ftooping. | 
Mira. O the heavens ! 
Pro. Mark his condition, and the event ; then tell me, 
If this might be a brother. | | 
Mira. I ſhould fin 1 25 
To think but nobly * of my grandmother : 

Good wormbs have borne bad tons, 1 
Pro. Now the condition. IN | 
This king of Naples, being an enemy . 7 
To me inveterate, hearkens my brother*s ſuit z | a 

Which was, that he in lieu of the premiſes, — 
Of homage, and I know not how much tribute, — 
& — äʒ E—fñ lle one, s 

M bo having, unto truth, by telling of it, 

Made fuch a ſinner of his memory, 

To credit bis own lie.] There is perhaps no correlative, to which 
the word it can with grammatical propriety belong. Lie, however, ſeems 
to have been the correlative to which the poet meant to refer, however 
ungrammatically. STEEVENS. , b | 

The old copy has —into truth. Corrected by Dr. Warburton, Mar onz. 
7 So diy be was for fway, ] i. e. So thirty. The expreſſion, I 
am told, is not uncommon in the midland counties. STEEVENS. | 
s To think but nolly] Bat in this place ſignifies orberwiſe 
than. STEEVENS» : | 8 
Should 


4 
" 
.. 
2 „ 
4 
1 
#26 
„ 
1 
IN 
1 
2 
. 
= 
2 
* 
K 
4. 
* 
A 
5 5 
4 
* 


2 

Tor 

EY 
* 
# 
i 
7 


TE M & & 13 

Should preſently extirpate me and mine 
Out of the dukedom; and confer fair Milan, 
With all the honours, on my brother: Whereon, 
A treacherous army levy'd, one midnight 
Fated to the purpoſe, did Anthonio open 
The gates of Milan; and, 1'the dead of darkneſs, 
The miniſters for the purpoſe hurried thence 
Me, and thy crying ſelf. | 

Mira. Alack, for pity! 
IJ, not rememb'ring how I cried out then ?, 
Will cry it o'er again; it is a hint“, 
That wrings mine eyes to't. 

Pro. Hear a little further. 


And then Pl! bring thee to the preſent buſineſs 


Which now's upon us ; without the which, this ſtory 
Were moſt impertinent. ; 
Mira. Wherefore did they not 
That hour deſtroy us? | 
Pro. Well demanded, wench ; 
My tale provokes that queſtion. Dear, they durſt not; 
(So dear the love my people bore me) nor ſet 
A mark ſo bloody on the buſineſs; but 
With colours fairer painted their foul ends. 
In few, they hurried us aboard a bark; 
Bore us ſome leagues to ſea; where they prepar'd 
A rotten carcaſs of a boat *, not rigg'd, 
Nor tackle, ſail, nor maſt; the very rats 


Inſtinctively had quit it 3 : there they hoiſt us, 


To cry to the fea that roar'd to us; to ſigh 


To the winds, whole pity, ſighing back again, 
Did us but loving wrong. | 


Mira. Alack | what trouble 
Was I then to you! 


9 — cried out] Perhaps we ſhould read—cried ont. STEEVENS. 

1 —a bint,] Hint is ſuggeſtion. So, in the beginning ſpeech of the 
ſecond act: our Hint of woe | 

Is common—, STEEVENS. 
2 — of a boat,] The old copy reads — of a butt, HENLEY. 

It was corrected by Mr. Rowe. MALONE. 

3 — had quit it:] Old copy—bave quit it. Corrected by Mr. 
Rowe, MALonz, | h | 
| | ; Pro. 


14 CCP 
Pro. O! a cherubim 5 
Thou waſt, that did preſerve me! Thou didſt ſmile, 
Infuſed with a fortitude from heaven, 
When I have deck'd the ſea + with drops full ſalt; 
Under my burden groan'd ; which rais'd in me 
An undergoing ſtomach 5, to bear up 
Againſt what ſhould enſue. 1 
Mira. How came we aſhore ? 
Pro. By Providence divine. : 
Some food we had, and ſome freſh water, that 
A noble Neapolitan, Gonzalo, 
Out of his charity, who being then appointed $ 
Maſter of this deſign, did give us; with 
Rich garments, linens, ſtuffs, and neceſſaries, | IN 
Which. fince have fteaded much: ſo, of his gentleneſs, 
Knowing I lov'd my books, he furniſn'd me, 
From my own 5 0 0 with volumes that 
J prize above my dukedom. „ 
Mira. Would I might 
But ever ſee that man! 
Pro. Now, I ariſe7 IT 
r 
4 deck'd the ſeas) To deck the fea, if explained, to honour, adorn, 


or dignify, is indeed ridiculous, but the original import of the verb 


deck is, to cover; ſo in ſome parts they yet ſay deck the table. This 
ſenſe may be borne ; but perhaps the poet wrote fleck'd, which I think 
is ſtill uſed, in ruſtick language, of drops falling upon water. JOhN SON. 
The following paſlage in Antony and Clecpatra may countenance the 

verb deck in its common acceptation : | 

46 do not pleaſe ſharp fate 

To grace it with your ſorrows. 
What is this but decking it with tears? STEEvens. 


To deck, J am told, fignifies in the North, to ſprin2/e. See Ray's 
Dic r. of North Country words, in verb. to deg, and to deck; and his 


DicT. of South Country words, in verb. dag. The latter ſignifies 
dew upon the graſs; hence daggle-tailed. MAL ONE. | 

S An undergoing ſtomach, ] Stomach is pride, ſtubborn reſolution. So 
Horace, —gravem Pelidæ ftomachum.”  STEEVENS., 

ho being then appointed &c.] Such is the old reading. We 
might better read, —— he being &c. STEEVENS. 

7 Pro. New I 2 :] Why does Proſpero ariſe? Or, if he does it 
to eaſe himſelf by change of poſture, why need he interrupt his narra- 
tive to tell his daughter of it? Perhaps theſe words belong to Miranda, 
and we ſhould read: | | 


Mir. ; 


TE Ü SS © -* = BR 
Sit ſtill, and hear the laſt of our ſea-ſorrow. 
Here in this iſland we arriv'd; and here 
Have I, thy ſchool maſter, made thee more profit 
Than other princes * can, that have more time 


For vainer hours, and tutors not ſo careful. 
Mira. Heavens thank you for't ! And now, I pray you, 


Re p 
(For till 'tis beating in my mind, ) your reaſon. 
For raiſing this ſea-ſtorm ? ; 
Pro. Know thus far forth.— 
By accident moſt ſtrange, bountiful fortune, 
Now my dear lady“, hath mine enemies 
Brought to this ſhore : and by my preſcience 
I find my zenith doth depend upon 
A moſt auſpicious ſtar ; whoſe influence 
If now I court not, but omit *, my fortunes 
Will ever after droop.—Here ceaſe more queſtions 


Mir. Would I might 
But ever ſee chat man !— Now, I ariſe. 
Pro. Sit till, and hear the laſt of our lea ſorrow, 
Proſpero in page 9 had directed his daughter to t dawor, and learn 
the whole of this hiſtory ; having previouſly by tome magical charm 
diſpoſed her to fall aſleep, He is watching the progreſs of this charm 
and in the mean time tells her a long ſtory, often aſking ber whether her 
attention be ſtill awake. The ſtory being ended (as Miranda ſuppoſes} 
with their coming on ſhore, and partaking of the conveniences pro- 
vided for them by the loyal humanity of Gonzalo, ſhe therefore firſt 
expreſſes a with to ſee the good old man, and then obſerves that ſhe may 
0 ariſe, as the ſtory is done. Proſpero, ſurpriſed that his charm does 
not yet work, bids her „it Hill; and then enters on freſh matter to 
amuſe the time, telling her (what the knew before) that he had been her 
tutor, &c. But ſoon perceiving her drowſineſs coming on; he breaks 
off abruptly, and leaves her ill fitting to her ſlumbers. BracxsToNE. 
S Than other princes—] The firſt folio reads—princeſſe, HENLEY». 
Corrected by Mr. Rowe. MALONE. 5 
9 New my dear lady, is, now my auſpicious miſireſs. SrEEVENS. 
1 J find my zenith doth depend upon . 
A moſt auſpicicus ſtar; whoſe influence 3 
F now I court net, but omit, &c. ] So, in Julius Cæſar: 
& There is a tide in the affairs of man, 
« Which taken at the flood, leads on to fortune 
«© Omitted, all the voyage of their life 
& Is bound in ſhallows and in miſeries. MaroxE. 


Thou 


7 


* 


16 EK M PK: Fo 


Thou art inclin'd to ſleep ; *tis a good dullneſs *, 
And give it way I know thou canſt not chooſe. — 
> [Miranda /leeps. 
Come away, ſervant, come: I am ready now ; 
Approach, my Ariel, come. | 


Enter ARIEL. 


Ari. All hail, great maſter ! grave fir, hail ! I come 
To anſwer thy bef pleaſure ; be't to fly, | 
To ſwim, to dive into the fire, to ride 
On the curl'd clouds; to thy ſtrong bidding, taſk 
Ariel, and all his quality 3. | 
Pro. Haſt thou, ſpirit, | 
Perform'd to point + the tempeſt that I bad thee ? 
Ari. To every article. | 
IT boarded the king's ſhip ; now on the beak 5, 
Now in the waſte ®, the deck, in every cabin, 
I flam'd amazement : Sometimes, I'd divide, 
And burn in many places 7 ; on the top-maſt, 
The yards and boltſprit, would I flame diſtinctly, 
Then meet, and join : Jove's lightnings 5, the precurſors. 


Z——"tjs a good dulneſs.] Dr. Warburton rightly obſerves, that this 
fleepineſs, which Proſpero by his art had brought upon Miranda, and 
of which he knew not how ſoon the effect would begin, makes him 
queſtion her ſo often whether ſhe is attentive to his ſtory, JounsoNs. 

3 — guality.] i. e. all of his fellowſhip 3 © the crew of meaner ſpi- 
rits.” See Hamlet, A. II. Sc. 2.“ Will they purſue the quality“ &c. MAL. 

4 Per form'd to point.] i. e. to the minuteſt article. STEEVENS. 

S beat, ] The beak was a ſtrong pointed body at the head of the 
ancient gallies; it is uſed here for the forecaitle, or the bolt-ſprit. Joh Ns. 

6. aße, ] The part between the quarter · deck and theforecaſtle Jon Ns 

7 Sometimes I'd divide, 

And burn in many places; &c.] Perhaps our author, when he wrote 
theſe lines, remembered the following paſſage in Hackluyt's Yeyages, 
1598: I do remember that in the great and boyſterous ſtorme of this 
foule weather, in the night there came upon the toppe of our maine 
yarde and maine maſte a certaine little light, much like unto the light 
of a little candle, which the Spaniards call the Cuerpo Santo.———T bis 
light continued aboord our ſhip about three houres, flying from. maſte ts 
maſte, and from top to top, and ſometimes it would be in two or three. 
places at once.” MALONE. | ; 

8 Fove's lightnings,.—] The old copy reads—/ightning, Corrected 
by Mr. Theobald, MAL ONE. 5 N o 


FT FRM 1 


O' the dreadful thunder-claps ?, more momentary 
And ſight-out-running were not : The fire, and cracks 
Of ſulphurous roaring, the moſt mighty Neptune 
Seem'd to beſiege, and make his bold waves s tremble, 
Yea, his dread trident ſhake. 
Pro. My brave ſpirit! 
Who was 1o firm, ſo conſtant, that this coll 
Would not infect his reaſon ? 
Ari. Not a ſoul 
But felt a fever of the mad, and 1 5 
Some tricks of deſperation: All, but mariners, 
Plung'd in the foaming brine, and quit the veſſel, 
Then all a-fire with me: the king's ſon, F erdinand, 
With hair up- ſtaring, (then like reeds, not hair,) 
Was the firſt man that leap'd; cried, Hell is empty, 
And all the dewils are here. 
Pro. Why, that's my ſpirit !' + 
But was not this nigh ſhore? 0 


Ari. Cloſe by, my maſter. e e 


Pro. But are they, Ariel, ſafe ? 

Ari. Not a hair periſh'd ; - 
On their ſuſtaining garments * not a blemiſh, 
But freſher than before: and as thou bad'ſ me, 
In troops I have diſpers'd them bout the iſſe: 
The king's ſon have I landed by himſelf; 
Whom I left cooling of the air with ſighs, 
In an odd angle of the iſle, and fitting, 
His arms in this ſad knot. 

Pro, Of the king's ſhip, 
The mariners, fay, how haſt fd aper, 
And all the reſt o' the fleet ? 

Ari. wag th in harbour 


_ — precurſor 
O' the dreadful thunder-claps,] So, in X. Lear: 
6 Want Eouriers of oak-cleaving thunderbolts. 8 TEEKVENS. 


I But felt a feuer of the mad, ] Not a ſoul but felt ſuch a fever as 
madmen feel, when the frantick fit is upon them. STEEVENS. 
2 — ſaftaining garments—] i. e. their garments that bore them up, 
and ſupported them. So, X. Lear, Act IV. ſe. iv. 
& In our ſuſtaining corn,” STEEVENS, | 


n 7 m i 


k 
4 


78 TEMPEST. 


Is the king's ſhip; in the deep nook; where once 
Thou call dſt me up at midnight to fetch dew 
From the ſtill-vex'd Bermoothes , there ſhe's hid: 
The mariners all under hatches Row'd ; | 
Whom, with a charm join'd: to their ſuffer'd labour, 
T have left aſleep: and for the reſt o' the fleet, 
Which I diſpers'd, they all have met again; 
And are upon the Mediterranean flote , 
Bound ſadly home for Naples; 
b that they ſaw the king's, Gip wreek'd, 
his great perſon periſnh. | 
Pro. Ariel, thy charge 
Exactly is perform d; but there's more work: = 
What is the time o the i 
Ari. Paſt the mid ſeaſon. of 77 ‚ 
Pro. At leaſt two glaſſes: The time 'twixt fix and n nome 


Muſt by us both be ſpent moſt preciouſſy. | 


Ari. Is there more toil ? Since thou doſt mes pains, 
Let me remember thee ASE mn haſt i ade 


ſtormes. 80 Aton the Continiiatos of — voz, 2 
the arrival of the Engliſh at theſe iſlands / in 1609: „ Sir George 
Somers ſitting at the ſterne, ſeeing the ſhip * of relief, 1 7 170 
every minute when it would finke, he eſpied land, which according to 
his and Captain Newport's opinion, theyJudged ſhould. be that dreadful 
coaft of the Bermodes, which iſlands were of all nations ſaid and fup- 
poſed to be inchanted, and inhabited with wvitches and devills ; which 
grew by reaſon of accuſtomed monſtrous thunder, ſtorme, and tempeſt, 
neere unto thoſe iflands; alſo for that the whole coaſt is ſo wonderous 
dangerous of rockes, that few can approach them but with unſpeakable 
hazard of ſhipwreck,” MarLoNnE. 

4 — the Mediterranean flote,] Flote is wave. Flot. Fr. STEIvVENS. 

5 What is the time & the day 9] This paſſage needs not to be difturb- 
ed, it being common to aſk a queſtion, which the next moment en- 
ables. us to anſwer; he that thinks it faulty may eaſily adjuſt it thus : : 

Pro. \What is the time o” the day Puſh the wid Kaen kB 

Ari. At leafs two glaſſes. + 

Pro. The time "tevixt fix and now=—— Jenn ten. e 
Mr. Upton propoſes to regulate this paſſage differentiy: 2 

Ari. Paſt tbe mid ſeaſon, at leaſt two glaſſes. | 

| . The time &c. MALONE. | , 


TE M „ SS © 19 
Which is not yet perform'd me. | 
Pro. How now ? moody ?. 
What is't thou can't demand? 
Ari. My liberty. 3 
Pro. Before the time be out? no more. 
Ari. J pray thee, : PR 
Remember, I have done thee worthy ſervice ; _ 
Told thee no lies, made thee no miſtakings, ſerv'd 
Without or grudge, or grumblings : thou didſt promiſe 
To lar” AT CT TT ĩ -V 
Pro. Doſt thou forget © 


6 Doft thou forget] That the character and conduct of Proſpero may 
be underſtood, ſomething muſt be known of the ſyſtem of enchantment, 
which ſupplied all the marvellous found in the romances of the middle 
ages, 'This ſyſtem ſeems to. be founded on. the 'opinion that the fallen 


ſpirits, having different degrees of guilt, had different habitations allot- 
ed them at their expulſion, ſome being confined in hell, ſome (as 


Hooker, who delivers the opinion of our poet's age, expreſſes it,) diſperſed. 
in air, ſome on earth, ſome in water, others in caves, dens, or minerals 
under the earth. Of' theſe, ſome were more malignant and miſchievous 
than others. The earthy ſpirits ſeem to have been thought the moſt” 
depraved, and the aerial the leaſt vitiated. Thus Proſpero obſerves of 
Ariel: | | "Io . 
bon waſt a ſpirit too delicate 
To af her earthy and abborr'd commands. 


Over theſe ſpirits a power might be obtained; by certain rites performed 
or charms learned, This, power was called The Black, Art, or Knowledge 
5 Enchantment. The enchanter being (as king James obſerves in his 

emonology ) one who commands the devil, whereas the witch ſer vez 
vim. Thoſe who thought beſt of this art, the exiſtence of which was, 

] am afraid, believed very ſeriouſly, held, that certain ſounds and cha- 
racters had a phyſical power over ſpirits, and compelled their agency; 
others, who condemned the practice, which in reality was ſurely never 
practiſed, were of opinion, with more reaſon, that the power of charms, 
aroſe only from compact, and was no more than the ſpirits voluntarily 
allowed them for the ſeduction of man. The art was held by all, 
though not equally criminal, yet unlawful, and therefore Caſaubon, 
ſpeaking of one who had commerce with ſpirits, , blames him, though. 
he imagines him ane of the beſt kind who dealt with them by way, of. 
command. Thus Proſpero repents of his art in the laſt ſcene, The 


ſpirits were always conſidered as in ſome" meaſure enſlaved” to the en- 


chanter, at leaſt for a time, and as ſerving with unwillingneſs; there- 
fore Ariel ſo often begs. for liberty; and Caliban obſerves, that the 
ſpirits ſerve Prölpefe Wi 80 good will, but Zate bim rootedly. Of theſe 
wifles enough, Jon xsoN. \ 

« > „ From 


e — 


20 155 E M P B, 8, To b 
From what a torment I did free thee? _ ERIC 1 

Ari. No. 38 

Pro. Thou doſt ; and chink'ſt! it much, to tread the ooze 1 
Of the ſalt deep; 3 
To run upon the ſharp wind of the north ; _ 
To do me buſineſs in the veins o' the earth, 5 
When it is bak'd with froſt. 5 

Ari. I do not, fir. 

Pro. 'Thou lieft, malignant thing! haſt thou forgot 
The foul witch Sycorax, who, with age, and envy, . 

Was grown into a hoop ? haſt thou forgot her ? 

Ari, No, fir. 

Fro. Thou haſt: Where was ſhe born ? peak; tell me. 

Ari. Sir, in Argier . 

Pro. Oh, was ſhe ſo? I muſt, ney 
Which thou forget' f. This damn'd N 1 
For miſchiefs manifold, and ſorceries terrible 
To enter human hearing, from Argier, 

Thou know'ſt, was baniſh'd ; for one thing ſhe did, 
They would not take her life : Is not this true? 

Ari. Ay, fir. 

Pro. This blue-ey'd hag was hither brought with child, 
And here was left by the ſailors : Thou, my ſlave, 

As thou report*ſt thyſelf, waſt then her ſervant : 

And, for thou waſt a ſpirit too delicate 

'To act her earthy and abhorr'd commands, 

Refuſing her Sane heſts, ſhe did confine thee, 

By help of her more potent miniſters, | N 
And in her moſt unmitigable rage, Zn : 
Into a cloven pine; within which rift. 

Impriſon'd, thou didſt painfully remain 

A dozen years; within which ſpace ſhe died, 

And left thee there; where thou didft vent thy groans, 
As faſt as mill- wheels ſtrike: Then was this iſland, 
(Save for the ſon that ſhe did litter here, 

A freckled whelp, hag-born,) not honour'd with 

A human ſhape. 


7 — in oy, Argier is the ancient T1 name for Agi. 
STEVENS. 


Ari. 


} 


„„ 


TE ( 21 
Ari. Ves; Caliban her ſon. | 
Pro. Dull thing, I ſay ſo; he, that Caliban, 
Whom now I keep in ſervice. Thou beſt know'ſt 
What torment I did find thee in: thy groans 
Did make wolves howl, and penetrate the breaſts 
Of ever-angry bears ; it was a torment 
To lay upon the damn'd, which Sycorax 
Could not again undo; it was mine art, 
When I arriv'd, and heard thee, that made gape 
The pine, and let thee out. 
Ari. I thank thee, maſter. 
Pro. If thou more murmur'ſt, I will rend an oak, 
And peg thee in his knotty entrails, till 
Thou haſt how'd away twelve winters. 
Ari. Pardon, maſter : . 
Iwill be. correſpondent to command, 
And do my ſpriting gently. 
Pro. Do ſo; and after two days 
J will diſcharge thee. 
' Ari. That's my noble maſter! 


| What ſhall I do? ſay what ? what ſhall L do? 


Pro. Go make thyſelf like a nymph o'the ſea ; be ſub- 
ject | = | 
To no fight but thine and mine; inviſible ® 
To every eye-ball elſe. Go, take this ſhape, 
And hither come in it : go, hence, with diligence. 
: [Exit ARIEL. 


Awake, dear heart, awake! thou haſt ſlept well; 
Awake ! | | 


8 Go make thyſelf like a nymph o' the ſea : be ſubject | 
To no fight — thine . mine; l The words 
ce be ſubject' — having been transferred in the firſt copy of this play 
to the latter of theſe lines, by the careleſſneſs of the tranſcriber 
or printer, the editor of the ſecond folio, to ſupply the metre of the 
former, introduced the word to ;—reading, „like to a nymph o' 
che ſea.” The regulation that I have made ſhews that the addition, 
like many others made by that editor, was unneceſſary, MALONE. 
— 42 nymph o the ſea;] There does not appear to be ſufficient cauſe 
why Ariel ſhould aſiume this new ſhape, as he was to be inviſible to all 
eyes but thoſe of Proſpero. STEEvENs. 


| C 35 . Mira. 


22 %% 
Mira. The ſtrangeneſsꝰ of your ſtory put 
Heavineſs in me. | 
Pro. Shake it off: Come on; 
We'll viſit Caliban, my ſlave, who never 
Yields us kind anſwer. 
Mira, Tis a villain, fir, 
I do not love to look on. 
Pro. But, as tis, 
We cannot mils him : he does make our fire, 
Fetch in our wood ; and ferves in offices 
That profit us. What, ho! fave! Caliban ! 
Thou earth, thou ! | ſpeak. 
Cal, within, | Theres *s wood enough within. | 
Pro. Come 2 Ifay; there s other buſineſs for thee: 
Come, thou tortoiſe ! when? ; 


Re-enter Ax IBL, like a waeren. 


Fine apparition! My quaint Ariel, # 
Hark in thine ear. 5 
Ari. My lord, it ſhall be done. er. 
Pro. Thou poiſonous ſlave, got by the devil himſelf 
Upon thy wicked dam, come fort!! | 


Enter 1 


Cal. As wicked dew as e'er my mother bruſl'd 
With raven's feather from unwholeſome fen, 


Drop on you bath *! a ſouth-weſt blow on ye, | |: 
And 


9 The frangeneſs—] Why ſhould: a wonderful ftory produce ſleep ? 


I believe experience will prove, that any violent agitation of the mind 
eaſily ſubſides in ſlumber, eſpecially when, as in Proſpero's . 
the laſt images are pleaſing. JokNSsON. 

The poet ſeems to have been apprehenſive 3 the audjencey as well 


a8 Miranda, would ſleep over this long but neceſſary tale, and there fore 


ſtrives to break it. Firſt, by making Proſpero diveſt himſelf of his 
magick robe and wand; then by waking her attention no leſs than ſix 
times by verbal interruption; 3 then by varying the action when he riſes 
and bids her continue fitting ; and laſtly, by carrying on the buſineſs 
of the fable while Miranda ſleeps, by which ſhe is continued on the 
Rage till the poet has occaſion for her again. WARNER. 
1 Cal. As wicked dew as e er my mother bruſh'd 
With raven's feather 8 unwholeſome fen, 
Drop 2 both !] It was a tradition, it ſeems, that Lord 
Falkland, 


R M2 EE © 23 
And bliſter you all o'er ! | < | 
Pro. For this, be ſure, to-night thou ſhalt have cramps, 
Side-ſtitches that ſhall pen thy breath up ; urchins * 
Shall, for that vaſt of night that they may work ?, 


All 


Falkland, Lord C. J. Vaughan, and Mr, Selden concurred in obſerv- 
ing, that Shakſpeare had not only found out a new character in his Ca- 
1iban, but had alſo deviſed and adapted a new manner of language for 
that character. WARRUR TON. : 

Whence theſe criticks derived the notion of a new language appropri - 
ated to Caliban, I cannot find ; they certainly miſtook brutality of 
ſentiment for uncouthneſs of words. Caliban had learned to ſpeak of 
Proſpero, and his daughter; he had no names for the ſun and moon be- 
fore their arrival, and could not have invented a language of his own 
without more underſtanding than Shakſpeare has thought it proper to 
beſtow upon him, His dition is indeed ſomewhat clouded by the 
gloomineſs of his temper, and the malignity of his purpoſes ; but let 
any other being entertain the ſame thoughts, and he will find them 
eaſily iſſue in the ſame expreſſions. JouNnsoN. 

As wicked dew,—] Wicked; having baneful qualities. So Spen- 
| ſer ſays, wicked weed; ſo, in oppoſition, we ſay herbs or medicines 
have virtues. Bacon mentions wirtuous bezoar, and Dryden wirtuous 
herbs. JonNsON. | 5 

2 —urchins] i. e. hedge-hogs. Urchins are enumerated by R. Scott among 
other terrifick beings. They are perhaps here put for fairies. Milton in 
his Maſque ſpeaks of * urchin blaſts,” and we till call any little dwarf- 
3th child, an urchin. The word occurs again in the next act. STEEV. 

In the M. W. of Windſor we have * urchins, ouphes, and fairies ;*? 
and the paſſage to which Mr. Steevens alludes, proves, I think, that 
urchins here fignifies beings of the fairy kind: | - 

| « His ſpirits hear me, 
.« And yet I needs muſt curſe ; but they'll nor pinch, 
« Fright me with urebin- ſbeaus, pitch me i'the mire &c. MALONE. 

3 — for that _ of night that they may work, ] The waſt of night 
means the night which is naturally empty and deſerted, without action; 
or when all things lying in ſleep and ſilence, makes the world appear 
one great uninkabited evaſte. So in Hamlet: | 

c In the dead waſte and middle of the night.“ 
It has a meaning like that of nox vaſta. | 

It ſhould be remembered, that, in the pneumatology of former 
ages, theſe particulars were ſettled with the moſt minute exactneſs, and 
the different kinds of viſionary beings had different allotments of time 
ſuitable to the variety or conſequence of their employments. During 
theſe ſpaces, they were at liberty to act, but were always obliged to 
leave off at a certain hour, that they might not interfere in that pore 
tion of night which belonged to others. Among theſe we may ſup- 
poſe urchins to have had a part ſubjected to their dominion. To this 

| C 4 limitation 


a - — 
——— — — 


——_— ———— 


— . K ANA A ˖— 
3 — — —— 


— 


32 
— odd » 
— — » 
- _ RRC IRR? 


24 TE 1 


All exerciſe on thee : thou ſhalt be pinch' d 
As thick as honey-combs, each pinch more ſtinging 
'Than bees that made them, 

Cal. I muſt eat my dinner. 


This iſland's mine, by Sycorax my mother, 


Which thou tak'ſt from me. When thou cameſt firſt, 


Thou ſtroak dſt me, and mad'ſt much of me; would'it 


give me 


Water with berries in't; and teach me how 
To name the bigger light, and how the leſs, | 
That burn by day and night: and then I lov'd thee, 


And ſhew'd thee all the qualities o' the iſle, 
The freſh ſprings, brine pits, barren place, and fertile; 
Curs'd be I, that did ſo!—All the charms # 
Of Sycorax, toads, beetles, bats, light on you! 
For I am all the ſubjects that you have, 
Which firſt was mine own king : and here you ſty me 
In this hard rock, whiles you * Keep. from me 
The reſt of the iſland. 
Pro. Thou moſt lying ſlave, 


Whom ſtripes may move, not kindneſs : J have us'd thee, 


Filth as thou art, with human care ; and lodg'd thee 
In mine own cell, till thou did ſeek to violate 


The honour of my child. 


Cal. Oh ho, oh ho !—*? "would it had been done ! 


Thou didf prevent me; I had peopled elſe 


This iſle with Calibans. 
Pro. Abhorred ſlave 5; 
Which any print of goodneſs will not take, 


Being capable of all ill ! I pitied thee, 
Took pains to make thee ſpeak, taught thee each hour 


limitation of time Shakſpeare alludes again in X. Lear: He n at 
curfew, and walks till the ſecond cock. STEEVENS. 
4 — All the charms] The latter word, like many others of the ſame 


kind, is here uſed as a diſſyllable. MAL ONE. 


5 Abborred ſave ;] This ſpeech, which the old copy gives to Mi- 

randa, is very judiciouſly beſtowed by Theobald on Proſpero. JohN SON. 
Mr. Theobald found, or might have found, this ſpeech transferred 

to Proſpero in the alteration of this play by den and D' Avenant. 
MaALONE. 


One 


TT R Hr 25 


One thing or other: when thou didſt not, ſavage , 
Know thine own meaning, but would*ſt gabble like 

A thing moſt brutiſh, I endow'd thy purpoſes 

With words that made them known: But thy vild race 7, 
Though thou didft learn, had that in't which good na- 


tures 

Could not abide to be with ; therefore waſt thou 
Deſervedly confin'd-into this rock, | 
Who hadſt deſerv'd more than a priſon. 

Cal. You taught me language; and my profit on't 
Is, I know how to curſe : The red plague rid you, 
For learning me your language ! A 

Pro. Hag-ſeed hence 
Fetch us in fewel ; and be quick, thou wert beſt, 
To anſwer other buſineſs. Shrug'ſt thou, malice ? 
If thou neglect'ſt, or doſt unwillingly 
What I command, [I'll rack thee with old cramps ; 
Fill all thy bones with aches ; make thee roar, 
That - beaſts ſhall tremble at thy din, 

Cal. No, pray thee !— 
J muſt obey: his art is of ſuch power, [ Afade. 
It would control my dam's god, Setebos ?, 

| 5 And 


5 z oben thou didſt not, ſa vage, | 
Know thy own meaning, ] By this expreſſion, however defective, 
the poet ſeems to have meant. hen thou didſt utter ſounds, to which 
' thou hadſt no determinate meaning: but the following expreſſion of Mr. 
Addiſon, in his 389th Spectator, concerning the Hottentots, may 
prove the beſt comment on this paſſage 3 * —having no language 
among them but a confuſed gabble, which is neither well underſtood by 
themſelves, or others.” STEEVENS. | 
7 But thy vild race,] Race, in this place, ſeems to ſignify origi- 
nal diſpoſition, inborn qualities. In this ſenſe we ſtill ſay——The race 
of wine; and fir W. Temple has ſome where applied it to works of 
literature. STEEVENS, | 
Vild is uſed in many old Engliſh books for vile. Mar ons. 
8 The red plague—] I ſuppoſe from the redneſs of the body, uni- 
verſally inflamed. JoHNs0N. | 
The eryſipelas was anciently called the red plague. STEEVENS. 
9 — my dam's god, Setebos,] A gentleman of great merit, Mr. 
Warner, has obſerved on the authority of Jobn Barbot, that . the 
. Patagons are reported to dread a great horned devil, called Setebos,” — 
It may be aſked, however, how Shakſpeare knew any 2 of 
: a 5 18, 


—̃ . — — ». ů ˙ ˙²—ͥ⁴ĩͤ w2-̃. —_————_—_————__ 


26 T E M P E 8s T. 


And make a vaſſal of him. 
Pro. So, llave 5 - hence! | [Exit CaL IBAN. 


_—_— A RIEL ima be, playing w_ 4 frging 3 3 
FERDINAND following hi 


Ariel's Song. 


Co ome unto 0 theſe yellow ſands ol 
And then take hands: 
 Court'fied when you have, and 77% FAR 
The wild waves whit). 
F oof it featly here and there; | 
And, feet ſprites,” the burden wear 7 „ 


5 Hark, hark ! „VVV 
Bur. Bowgh, wowgh. | ke \ [difperſedly. 
The watch-dogs bark: 8 
Sur. Bowgh, wowgh. [difperſedly. 


Hart, bartl I hear . 
The ftrain of ſtrutting chanticlere | 
Cry, Cock-a-doodle-doo. 5 RI 


by "rr. Where mould this muſick be? i' the air, or the 
| earth? 

It ſounds no more :—and ſure, it waits upon 

Some god of the iſland. Sitting on a bank, 


bi ed e the e king * father's wrecks, 
This 


. 8 Harbor was a per of the preſeiit century ? Perhaps he 
had read Eden's Hiſtory of Travayle, 1577, who tells us, p. 434, that 
ec the giantes, when they found themſelves fettered, roared like bulls, 
and cried upon Setebos to help them.“ —The metatheſis i in Caliban from 
Canibal is evident FAME R ͥ 

We learn from Magellan's voyage, that Setebos was the ae god 
of the Patagons, and Cheleule was an inferior one. Tol LET. 

Setebos is alſo mentioned in Hackluyt's Voyages, 1 598. MALONE. 
I Court. ed when yo baue, and kiſs" 180 As was anciently done at 
the beginning of ſome dances. 

The wild waves whiſt ; Ny 

i. 25 the wild waves being filent (or whilt). PTSD 5 

— tht burden bear. ] Old copy—bear the burdens” Correfted by 
Mr. Theobald. MALONW E. | 
3 Weeping again the kin my "father's 2.4100 Thus the old copy; 

2 


but in the books of 8 are's age again is ſometimes printed in- 
; ſtead 


FP F ‚ RW TT 27 
This muſick.crept by me upon the waters; 3 
Allay ing both their fury, and my paſſion, 
With its ſweet air: thence I have follow'd it, 
Or it hath drawn me rather :—But tis gone. 


No, it begins again. 
Ariel ſings. Full fathom five thy father lies a „ 


Of his bones are coral made; 
THoſe are pearls, that were his eyes : 

Nothing of him that doth fade, 
But doth ſuffer a ſea-change, 
Into ſomething rich and ftrange. 
Sea-nymphs hourly ring his knell ; 
Hark, now I hear them,—ding-dong, bell, 

3 [| Burden, ding- dong. 


Fer. The ditty does remember my drown'd father 
This is no mortal buſineſs, nor no found 6 
That the earth owes 5 : — I hear it now above me. 

Pro. The fringed curtains of thine eye advance, 


ſtead of againſt Ii. e. oppoſite to], which I am perſuaded was our 
author's word, The placing Ferdinand in ſuch a fituation that he 
could ftill gaze upon the _ wrecked veſſel, ' is one of Shakſpeare's 
touches of nature. Again is inadmiſſible z for this. would import that 
Ferdinand's tears had ceaſed for a time; whereas he himſelf tells us, 
afterwards, that from the hour of his father's wreck they had never 
ceaſed to flow: „%%% ef 33 
| 14 D— Myſelf am Naples, 

„ Who with mine eyes,  ne'er ſince at ebb, beheld 

„ The king my father wreck'd.” PEN 

However, as our author ſometimes forgot to compare the different 
parts of his play, I have made no change. Mar one. . HS 

4 Full fathom five thy father lies; &c.] Ariel's lays, [which hav@ 
been condemned by Gildon as trifling, and defended not very ſucceſsfully 
by Dr. Warburtonz] however ſeaſonable and efficacious, muſt be allowed 
to be of no ſupernatural dignity or elegance; they expreſs nothing 
great, nor reveal any thing above mortal diſcovery. | 

The reaſon for which Ariel is introduced thus trifling is, that he 
and his companions are evidently of the fairy kind, an order of beings- 
to which tradition has always aſcribed a ſort of diminutive agency, 
powerful but ludicrous, a humorous and frolick controlment of nature, 
well expreſſed by the ſongs of Ariel, JonunsoN. | 

5 That the earth om To owe, in this place, as well as many 
others, ſignifies to own, STEEVENSs | 

And 


28 FFF 


And ſay, what thou ſeeſt yond'. 
Mira. What is't? a ſpirit? 
Lord, how it looks About! Believe me, fir, 
It carries a brave form: — But *tis a ſpirit. 
Pro. No, wench; it eats and ſleeps, and hath ſuch ſenſes 
As we have, ſuch : This gallant, which thou ſeeſt, 
Was in the wreck ; and but he's ſomething ſtain'd 
With grief, that's beauty's canker, thou might'ſt call him 
A owe *perſon : he hath loſt his fellows, | 
And ftrays about to find them. 
Mira. I might call him 
A thing divine ; for nothing natural 
I ever {aw fo noble. 

Pro. It goes on, I fee, | | IAlae. 
As my ſoul prompts it: Spirit, fine ſpirit, I'll free thee 
Within two days for this. . 

Fer. Moſt ſure, the goddeſs 
On whom theſe airs attend !—Vouchſafe, my prayer 
May know, if you remain upon this iſland ; 

And that you will ſome good inſtruction give, 
How I may bear me here : My prime requeſt, 
Which I & laſt pronounce, is, o you wonder! 
If you be made, or nos? | . 
: Mir As 


6 


My prime requeſt 
Which I do laſt pronounce, is, o you wonder ! 
F you be made, or no ?] A paſſage in Lilly's Galatheaſeems to 
. countenance the text of the firſt folio; “ The queſtion among men is 
common, are you a maide 2” —yet I cannot but think, that Dr. War- 
burton reads very rightly, If you be made, or no.” When we meet 
with an harſh expretſion in Shakſpeare, we are uſually to look for a 
Play upon wwords. Fletcher cloſely imitates the Tempeſt in his * : 
and he introduces Albert in the ſame manner to the ladies of bis Deſert 
Iftand : | 8 
« Be not offended, goddeſſes, that I fall | 
« Thus proſtrate, &c. | ; 
fe e, himſelf had certainly read, and had probably now in his | 
mind, a paſſage in the third book of the Fairy Queen, between Timias 
and Belphabe: : | 5 
« Angel or Goddeſs | do I call thee right ? 
„ There-at ſhe bluſhing, ſaid, ah! gentle ſquire, 
Nor poddeſs I, nor angel, but the maid 
c“ And daughter of a woody nymph,” &c. FARMER. 
| | The 


| TE MF ESE 29 
Mira. No wonder, fir ; | 
But, certainly a maid. 


Fer. My language ! heavens !— 
I am the beſt of them that ſpeak this ſpeech, 


Were I but where *tis ſpoken. 
Pro. How ! the beſt ? 


The firſt copy reads—if you be maid, or no. Made was not ſug- 
geſted by Dr. Warburton, being an emendation introduced by the edi- 
tor of the fourth folio. It was, I am perſuaded, the author's word : 
There being no article prefixed adds ftrength to this ſuppoſition. No- 
thing is more common in his plays than a word being uſed in reply, in 
a ſenſe difterent from that in which it was employed by the firſt ſpeak- 
er. Ferdinand had the moment before called Miranda a goddeſs z ; and 

the words immediately ſubjoined,—«« Vouchſafe my prayer,” —ſhow, 
that he looked up to her as a perſon of a ſuperior order, and ſought her 
protection, and inſtruction for his conduct, not her love. At this period, 
therefore, he muſt have felt too much awe to have flattered himſelf with 
the hope of poſſeſſing a being that appeared to him celeſtial; though 
Y afterwards, emboldened by what Miranda ſays, he fea dee « Q, if 
a virgin &c.” words that appear inconſiſtent with the ſuppoſition that 
he had already afted her whether ſhe was one or not. She had indeed 
told him, ſhe was; but in his aſtoniſhment at hearing her ſpeak his 
own language, he may well be ſuppoſed to have forgotten what ſhe ſaid ; 
which, if he had himſelf made the i MEFs would not be very reaſon- 
able to ſuppoſe. 

It appears from the alteration of this play by Dryden and fir W. 
D'Avenant, that they conſidered the preſent paſſage in this light: 
cc Fair excellence, 

« If, as your form declares, you are divine, 

« Be pleas'd to inſtruct me, how you will be worſhip'd ; 

« So bright a beauty cannot ſure belong 

6 To human kind.” 

In a ſubſequent ſcene we have again the ſame inquiry: 

Alon. Is the the goddeſs that hath ſever'd us, 

And ms us thus together ? 

Fer, Sir, ſhe's mortal, | 
Our author might have remembered Lodge's deſcription of Faw- 
nia, the Perdita of his Winter's Tale: 54+ Yet he ſcarce knew her, 
«« for ſhe had attired herſelf in rich apparel, which ſo increaſed 
« her beauty, that ſhe reſembled rather an angel than a creature.“ 
Doraſtus and Fawnia, 1592. 

So alſo, (as Dr. Farmer — obſerved) in Stanyhurſt's tranſlation 
ef Virgil, 1583: 

« O to thee, faire Feri what terme may rightly be fitted? 

« Thy tongue, thy viſage, no mortal frayltie reſembleth. 

40 No doubt, a goddeſſe!” MATONE. 


What 


30 T. E M H RigST 


What wert thou, if the king of Naples heard thee ? 

Fer. A ſingle thin "Ss as | am now, that wonders - 
To hear thee ſpeak of Naples: He does hear me; 
And, that he does, I Weep : myſelf am Naples; 
Who with mine eyes, ne'er ſince at ebb, beheld 
The king my father Wrecks. | 

Mira. Alack, for mercy! 

Fer. Yes, faith,” and all his lords ; 4 the duke of "Milan 
And his brave ſon, being twain 7, _ 25 7 

Pro, The duke of Mila, 1 
And his more braver daughter, 2 . 9 . 
If now twere fit to dot: At the firſt 8 [Afte. 
They have chang'd eyes: — Delicate Ariel, 
P11 ſet thee free for this.—A word, good fir ; 1 | 
I fear, you have done yourſelf ſome wrong 9: a word. | | 
Mira. Why ſpeaks my father ſo ungently ? This 

Is the third man that I ſawe'er; the firſt, 

That e'er I figh'd for: FLY move my father | 
To be , my way 3 

Fer. O, if a virgin, aul 
And your affection not gone forth, III make you | 
The queen of Naples. 

Pro. Soft, fir; one word more.— 
They are, both in either's powers : but this ſwift bulloefs 
J muſt uneaſy make, leſt too light winning [Alide. 
Make the prize light. — One word more; I charge Mee, 
That thou attend me: thou doſt here uſur 
The name thou ow'ſt not; and haſt put ei 
Upon this iſland, as a ſpy. to win it | 
From me, the lord ont. 

Fer. No, as Il am a man. 


+ 


. 
* 5 


7 And bis brave ſon, being teoains] This is a light forgetfulneſs. No- 
body was Toft in the wreck, yet we find no ſuch character introduced 
in the fable as the ſon of the duke of Milan. TmxtoBarLD. 
nin control thee,] ] Confute thee, A g xc contradiR 
thee. OHNSONe +6 
9 fear, you baue done your rſelf ſome' ring] i. e. I fear that i in 
aſſerting yourſelf to be king of Naples, you have uttered a falſehood, 
which is below your character, and conſequently i injurious to your ho- 
nour. So, in the Merry Wives of V. thdfor : 60 17 his 1 is not well, matter 
Ford, this torongs Po STEEVENS. | 
Miva. 


TEMP EK $95 31 


Mira. There's nothing ill can dwell in ſuch a temple : : 
Tf the ill ſpirit have fo fair an houſe, | SY 
Good things will ttrive to dwell with't. 

Pro. Follow me.— * 11 Fs RD, 
Speak not you for won he's a traitor. Come. | 
I'Il manacle thy neck and feet together: 

Sea- water ſhalt thou drink, thy food ſhall be 

The freſh- muſcles, make roots, and huſks 


Wherein the acorn cradled: Follows 13 col 2 17 
Fer. No; 0 eb 1 45 1 20 fav 
I will reſiſt ſuch PRE ee — * rs: | 
Mine enemy has more read en (te drove. 
Mira. O dear father, * 
Make not too raſh a trial of him, f for be c 
He's gentle, and not fearful *. ig nu; 4 1 
Pro. What, I ſay, cm Jae ETOP #1 8 
My foot my tutor * | Put thy fend ups: trait: 
Who mak'ſt a ſhew, but dar'ſt not ſtrike, thy conſeienc 
Is fo poſſeſs? d with guilt: come from thy ward 5 ; 
For I can here diſarm thee 2 e ſtick, 3 
And make thy weapon drop. 43> 1 
Mira. Beſeech you, Father 2 VI AH of rad't 
Pro. Hence; hang not on my garments. quits Hoi 14 
1 have Pity 3 en „ aff nod] Tan 
I'll be his ſurety. © | 11-264 nt, tete it en 
Pro. Silence: one word og mee 18 
Shall make me chide thee, if not hate thee. What, 
An advocate for an impoſtor ? huſili \ 
Thou think'ſt, there are no more ſuch ſhapes as he, 
Having ſeen but him and Caliban; Fooliſh wench ! 
To the moſt of men this is a Caliban, | | 


Ang they to him are angels. 


1 Hes $5 and not fearful.” i. e. terrible; producing fear. In 
our author's age fearful was much more frequently uſed in the ſenſe of 
ge, than that of timoreus. Marl oNR. 

2 My foot ny erer, 14 Sos in the Mirrour for Magiftrates, 1 2 


» 163 
fy What honeſt He . not conceive diſdayne, 8 | 
To fee the foot ſurmount above the bead? HEN D RSO. 


come from thy ward ;] Deſiſt from wy * of awing me by 
chat | poſture of defence. Jon xsON. 


2 


* 


Mira. 


32 P TS HSHT 


Mira. My affections ty : 
Are then moſt humble ; I have no ambition | 
To ſee a goodlier man. 
Pro. Come on; obey : [zo Fen DINAND, 
Thy nerves are in | their infancy again , 
And have no vigour in them. 
Fer. So they are: 
My ſpirits, as in a dream, are all bound up 5. 
My father's loſs, the weakneſs which I feel, 
The wreck of all my friends, or this man's threats, 
To whom I am ſubdued, are but light to me &, 
Might I but through my priſon once a day 
Behold this maid : all corners elſe o' the earth 
Let liberty make uſe of ; ſpace enough 
Have I, in ſuch a priſon. | 
Pro. It works: Come on.— 
Thou haſt done well, fine Ariel !—Follow me.— 
ite Ferp. and MIR. 
Hark, what thou elſe ſhalt do me. | [ro ARIEL. 
| Mira. Be of comfort; MES | 
My father's of a better nature, fir, nd : 
Than he appears by ſpeech ; this is unwonted, 
Which now came from him. 
Pro. Thou ſhalt be as free 
As mountain winds : but then exaRtly do 
All points of my command. | 
Ari. To the ſyllable. | 
Pro. ee follow: ſpeak not for him. [ Exeunt, 


4 7. "Ty ner ves are in their infancy again,] So Milton in his A 
at Ludlow Caſtle: 

«© Thy nerves are all bound up in alabaſter.” STEEVENS. 

s My ſpirits, as in a dream, are all bound up, ] Alluding to a 
common ſenſation in dreams; when we ſtruggle, but with a total im- 
puillance in our endeavours, to run, ſtrike, &c. WARBURTON, 

6 — are but light to my This paſſage, as it ſtands at preſent, with 
all allowances for poetical licence, cannot be reconciled to grammar. 
J ſuſpe& that our author wrote — “ were but light to me, in the 
ſenſe of—2vould be.—In the preceding Une the old copy reads —nor this 
man's threats. The emendation was made by Mr. Steevens. MAL ON E. 


ACT 


PR _ 
EP 
T VEE 22 vols VE 7* 
5 . 


T E. M FP B 8. 7. 33 


Ac TA. 
Another part of the iſland. 


- Enter ALON SO, SEBASTIAN, ANT HON IO, GoNnzZALO, 
ADRIAN, FRANCISCO, and Others. 


Gon. Beſeech you, ſir, be merry: you have cauſe 
(So have we all) of joy; for our eſcape 
Is much beyond our loſs : Our hint of woe 7 
Is common; every day, ſome ſailor's wiſe, 
The n of ſome merchant, and the merchant, 
Have juſt our theme of woe: but for the miracle, 
I mean our preſervation, few in millions | 
Can ſpeak like us: then wiſely, good fir, weigh 
Our ſorrow with our comfort. 
Alon. Pr'ythee, peace. | 
Seb. He receives comfort like cold porridge. 
Aut. The viſitor * will not give him o'er ſo. 


Seb. Look, he's winding up the watch of his wit; by 


and by it will ſtrike. 

Gon. Sir ,— 

Seb. One :—Tell. 

Gen, When every grief is entertain'd, that's offer” d, 
Comes to the entertainer— | 

"Seb. A dollar. 

Gon. Dolour comes to him, indeed 9; you have rolien 
truer than you purpos'd. 

Seb. You have taken it wiſelier than 1 meant vou ſhould. 

Gon. Therefore, my lord, — 

Ant. Fie, what a ſpend-thrift i is he &f his tongue ! 


7 Our hint of — Hint is that which recalls to the memory. 
The cauſe that fills our minds with grief is common. JokNsON. 

8 The wiſitor—] Gonzalo gives not only advice, but comfort, and is 
therefore properly called The viſitor, like others who viſit the ſick or 
- diſtrefled to give them conſolation. In ſome of the Proteſtant churches 
there is a kind of officers termed Conſolators for the ſick. JonnsoN. 


- 9 Dolour comes to him, indeed;] The ſame quibble occurs in be 


Tragedy of Hoffman, 1637: 
& And his reward be thirteen hundred dollars, 
«« For he hath driven delour from our heart,” STEEVENS. 


Vor. I I. | | D N Alon. 


— — m —— 


— - — 
ne 
— — * do 


o - — 
— 


'40 
4*+ 
0 { 
il 


% | . 
. 6 
* D 
: 
4 
1 


* - — * = 
4 N Fey —— l * — . - * uh 
40 Fw. = ”w 1 » — * = — — _ 8 2 
_ — H— ———— — = - 
pays —_ 2 o bo — 
—— — ewe I. n aſt. 
— - * — — — 
io 
”» 4 ad _. — - + 4 
" aac * * 1 4 4 
* 2 ; . 4 — - 


34 r 
Alon. I pr'ythee, ſpare. 
Gon. Well, I have done: But yet 
Seb. He will be talking. 
Ant. Which of them, he, or Adrian, for a good was 
er, firſt begins to crow ? 
Seb. The old cock. 
Ant. The cockrel. - 
Seb. Done: The wager ? 
Ant. A laughter. 
Seb. A match. 
Adr. Though this iſland dem t to be debe aus 
Seb. Ha, ha, > ks 
Ant. So, you've pay'd “. 
Aar. Uninhabitable, and almoſt inacceſſible. 
Seb. Yet, | 
Aar. Yet— 
Ant. He could not miſs it. 
Adr. It muſt needs be of ſubtle, tends mid delicate 
temperance 2. 
Ant. Temperance was a delicate wench s. 
Seb. Ay, and a ſubtle ; as he moſt learnedly deliver d, 
Aar. The air breathes upon us here moſt ſweetly, ; 
Seb. As if it had lungs, and rotten ones. 
Ant. Or, as twere perfum'd by a fen. 
Gon. Here 1s every thing advantageous to life, 
Ant. True; ſave means to live. | 
Seb. Of that there's none, or little. 
Gon. How luſh“ and luſty the graſs looks? how green ? 


1 — you've pay'd.] Old Copy paid. Corrected by Mr. stee- 
dens. To ay ſometimes fignified-—to beat, but 1 have never met with 


it in a metaphorical ſenſe; otherwiſe I ſhould have thought the reading 


_y the folio right: you are bearen; you have let. MAT ON RE. 
a —temperance.] Temperance here means temperature. ST EKEVENS. 
3 Temperance was a delicate zvench.] In the puritanical times it was 
uſual to chriſten children from the titles of religious and moral vir- 
tues. STEEVENS. 


4 How luſh &c.] Luſh, i. e. of a dark full eolour, the oppoſite te 


pale and faint. Sir T. HANMER. 
The word is ſtill uſed in the midland counties in this ſenſe. Mr. 


Henley, however, is of opinion that /»/þ here fignifies—rank, So, in 4 


Midſummer Night's Dream: 
„Quite overeanopied with luſhious woodbine.” 


'I think Sir T. — s interpretation is right. MAT ONE. . 
| | ats 


5 * 7 r r Pr I 
8 F# * ESE , ᷣ / ĩ ˙mg,t . ⅛ Se 
SID Ly oo IRC * * Fo r 25 e > 0" n 2 n FR, 
2 SIE CCW 5 3 N .. ͤͤ K ³˙·1¹0̃ ·˙ .wuh!lĩ ene es 3 R « 99 - 
3 = C 8 4 25 CC ˙ . ns on in ies bo 7ST IIS TOs, I Megs e R e 18 TA hr rg NE —— — $ 8 K 
8 r èÄ5 ½ Aęt . . . . . .. . NY 
- | ? Of . — n hn OR 20G = p bes : F vet ee NG EO VE I l/s $6 62S i, re he BI £ 8 5 FTC... ³»Ado¹U . ²˙ — A ̃ ˙ $pp.5+ 2 ::. . ⁰⁰ ⁰ò Um RT 


* DEE tes 


T N 35 
Ant. The ground, indeed, is tawny. 
Seb. With an eye of green in't? . 
Ant. He miſſes not much. 
Seb. No; he doth but miſtake the truth totally. 
Ger. But the rarity of it is, (which is indeed almoſt be- 


yond credit,)— | 
Seb. As many vouch'd rarities are. 

Gon. That our garments, being, as they were, drench'd 
in the ſea, hold notwithſtanding their freſhneſs, and gloſſes; 
being rather new dy'd, than ftain'd with ſalt water. 

Ant. Tf but one of his pockets could ſpeak, would it no 
. | = 
Seb. Ay, or very falſely pocket up his report. 

Gon. Methinks, our garments are now as freſh as when 
we put them on firſt in Africk, at the marriage of the 
king's fair daughter Claribel * to the king of Tunis. 

eb. Twas a ſweet marriage, and we proſper well in our 
return. EY Z 

Aar. Tunis was never grac'd before with ſuch a para- 
gon to their queen. | 

Gon. Not ſince widow Dido's time. 3 
Aut. Widow? a pox o' that! How came that widow in? 
Widow Dido s . | = 


5 With an eye of green in't.] An eye is a ſmall ſhade of colour. STztzv, 
* Claribel] Snakſpeare might have found this name in the bl. 1. 
Hiſtory of George Lord Faubonbridge, a pamphlet that he probably read 
when he was writing King Fohn. CLARABEL is there the concubine 
of King Richard I. and the mother of Lord Falconbridge. MAL ONE. 
6 —/idow Dido /] The name of a widow brings to their minds 
their own ſhipwreck, which they conſider as having made many widows 
in Naples. Jouxsox. | : 
Perhaps our author remembered «© An inſcription for the ſtatue 
of Dido,” copied from Auſonius, and inſerted in Dawiſon's Poems: 
«© O moſt unhappy Dido, | IX, 
« Unhappy wife, and more unhappy widow ! *. 
« Unhappy in thy mate, 8 
« And in thy lover more unfortunate ! &c,” _. 
The edition from -whence-I have tranſcribed theſe lines was. printed in 
1621, but there was a former in 1608, and another ſome years before, 
as 1 collect from the following paſſage in a letter from Mr. John 
Chamberlain to Mr, Carleton, July 8, 1602: „ It ſeems young 
Daviſon means to take another courſe, and turn poet, for he hath 
lately ſet out certain ſonnets and epigrams.“ Chamberlain's Letters, 
Vol. 1. among Dr, Birch's Mis, in the Britiſh Muſeum, MALONE. 
| D 2 Seb, 


1 


— 
—＋ 1 
— 5 

Pee _ 


| 


14445 
F 17 
in 14 
3 * 
) | 
ih 
17 
9 11 
5 
9 . 
o if 
\ 1 
1 1 
12 
4 
: 
0 # | 
3 1 
F 


u m HS 


lord, how you take it! 


forth more lands. 


as freſh, as when we were at Tunis at the nes of 


Seb. What if he had ſaid, widower ZEneas too ? good 


Adr. Widow Dido, ſaid you? you make me ſtudy of 
that : She was of Carthage, not of Tunis. 

Gon. This Tunis, fir, was Carthage. i 

Aar. Carthage? | | 

Gon. I aſſure you, Carthage. 

Aut. His word is more than the miraculous harp 7. 

Seb. He hath rais'd the wall, and houſes too. 

Axt. What impoſſible matter will he make eaſy next? 

Seb. I think, he will carry this iſland home in his 
pocket, and give it his ſon for an apple. 

Ant. And, ſowing the kernels of it in > the ſea, bring 


Gon. Ay? 
Ant. Why, in good time. 
Gon, Sir, we were talking, that our garments ſeem now 


your daughter, who is now queen. 
Ant. And the rareſt that e'er came there. 
Seb. Bate, I beſeech you, widow Dido. 
Ant. O, widow Dido; widow Dido. 
Gon. Is not, fir, my doublet as freſh as the firſt day I 
wore it? I mean, in a ſort. | 
Ant. That ſort was well fiſh'd for. 
Gon. When I wore it at your daughter's marriage? 
Alon. You cram theſe words into mine ears, againſt 
The ſtomach of my ſenſe * : Would I had never 
Marry'd my daughter there ! for, coming thence, 
My fon is loſt; and, in my rate, ſhe too, 
Who i is ſo far from Italy remov*'d, 
I ne'er again ſhall ſee her. O thou mine heir 
Of Naples and of Milan, what ſtrange fiſh 
Hath made his meal on thee ! 
Fran. Sir, he may live; 


7 —the miraculous harp] Alluding to the wonders of Amphion's 

mufick. STEEvVENS. | 

8 The flomach of my ſenſe : ] By ſenſe, I believe is meant both reaſon 
and natural affefion. So, in Meaſure for Meaſure: © 

6 1 all Tete, do you importune her.” STEEVENS. 1 Py 

aw 


7 E M & & 37 


T ſaw him beat the ſurges under him, 7 
And ride upon their backs ; he trod the water, 
Whoſe enmity he flung aſide, and breaſted 
The ſurge moſt ſwoln that met him: his bold head 
*Bove the contentious waves he kept, and oar*d 
Himſelf with his good arms in luſty ſtroke | 
'To the ſhore, that o'er his wave-worn baſis bow*d, 
As ſtooping to relieve him: I not doubt, 
He came alive to land. 

Alon. No, no, he's gone. | 

Seb. Sir, you may thank yourſelf for this great loſs; 
That would not bleſs our Europe with your daughter, 
But rather loſe her to an African; | 
Where ſhe, at leaſt, is baniſh*'d from your eye, 
Who hath cauſe to wet the grief on't. 

Alon Pr'ythee, peace. | 

Seb. You were kneel'd to, and importun'd otherwiſe 
By all of us; and the fair foul herſelf | 
Weigh'd, between lothneſs and obedience, at | 
Which _ o' the beam ſhe'd bow 9. We have loft your 

on, | 

I fear, for ever: Milan and Naples have 
More widows in them of this buſineſs? making, 
Than we bring men to comfort them“: the fault's 
Your own. 


9 Weigh'd, between lothneſs and obedience, at 

Which end o' the beam ſhe'd bow.] Weigh'd means deliberated, 
It is uſed in nearly the ſame ſenſe in Lowe's 5 loſt and in Ham- 
let. The old copy reads — ſhould bow. Should was probably an 
abbreviation of ſhe would, the mark of elifion being inadvertently omit- 
ted [ſbo'uld]. Thus be has is frequently exhibited in the firſt folio— 
Þ'as. Mr. Pope corrected the paſſage thus: „at which end the 
beam ſhould bow. But omiſſion of any word in the old copy, with- 
out ſubſtituting another in it's place, is ſeldom ſafe, except in thoſe 
inſtances where the repeated word appears to have been caught by the 
compoſitor's eye glancing on the line above, or below, or where a word 
is printed twice in the ſame line. MAL xx. 

1 Than we bring men to comfort them! :] It does not clearly appear 
whether the king and theſe lords thought the ſhip loſt. © This paſſage 
ſeems to imply, that they were themſelves confident of returning, but 
imagined part of the fleet deſtroyed. Why, indeed, ſhould Sebaſtian 
plot againſt his brother in the following ſcene, unleſs he knew how to 
find the kingdom which he was to inherit? Jonnson, IH 


D 3 dos 


38 TEMP EST 
Alon. So is the deareſt o' the loſs. 
Gon. My lord Sebaſtian, | 


The truth you ſpeak doth lack ſome gentleneſs, 
And time to ſpeak it in: you rub the ſore, 
When you ſhould bring the plaiſter. 
Seb. Very well. 
Ant. And moſt chirurgeonly. | 
Gon. It is foul weather in us all, good fir, 
When you are cloudy. 
Seb. Foul weather ? 
Ant. Very foul. | 
Gon, Had I plantation of this iſle, my lord,— 
Ant, He'd {ow it with nettle-ſeed. 
Seb. Or docks, or mallows. | 
Gon. And were the king of it, What would I do ? 
Seb. Scape being drunk, for want of wine. 
Gon. I the commonwealth I would by contraries 
Execute all things: for no kind of traffick 


Would I admit; no name of magiſtrate 2 ; "on 
Letters 


— 


2 „er no kind of traffick 
Would I admit; no name of magiſtrate; Sc.] Our author has 
here cloſely followed a paſſage in Montaigne's Ess A1 Es, tranſlated by 
ohn Florio, folio, 1603: It is a nation, (would I anſwer Plato, ) 
cc that hath no kind of trafficke, no knowledge of letters, no intelligence of 
% numbers, no name of magiſtrate, nor of politick ſuperioritie z no uſe of 
& ſervice, of riches, or of powertie; no contrafs, no ſucceſſions, no par- 
cc titions; no occupation, but idle; no reſpect of kindred, but common; 
ec no apparel but natural; 0 uſe of wine, corne, or metal. The very 
«« words that import lying, falſehood, treaſon, diſſimulations, covetouſ- 
<< neſs, envie, detraction and pardon, were never heard amongſt them,” 
This paſſage was pointed out by Mr. Capell, who knew ſo little of 
his author as to ſuppaſe that Shakſpeare had the original French 
before him, though he has almoſt literally followed Florio's tranſlation. 
Montaigne is here ſpeaking of a nezoly diſcovered country which he 
calls e Antartick France,” In the page preceding that already quoted 
are theſe words: The other teſtimonie of antiquitie to which ſome 
« will refer the diſcoverie is in Ariſtotle, (if at leaſt that little book of 
«© unheard-of wonders be his,) where he repofteth that certain Cartha- 
6 ginians having ſailed athwart the Atlantick fea, without the ſtrait of 
4 Gibraltar, diſcovered a great fertile IsL AND, all repleniſhed with 
e poodly woods, and deep rivers, farre diſtant from any land.” 
Whoever ſhall take the trouble to turn to the old traſlation here quo- 


ted, will, I think, be of opinion that, in whatſoever novel our author 
might 


4 8 * "I. 8 e = 
F Do nd 8 _—_—_— n 
7 * Es I 4 . » _— 2 8 . 5 
2 n . „r Re od, $a In, SOR SRI 
F * RR ET „ 
N 4 ? : n "O18 LIES: 3 


TS MP HH ST 39 
Letters ſhould not be known ; riches, poverty, 


And uſe of ſervice, none; contract, ſucceſſion, 
Bourn, bound of land, tilth, vineyard, none “: 


No uſe of metal, corn, or wine, or oil: 


No occupation; all men idle, all; 


And women too ; but innocent and pure : 


No ſovereignty :— 
Seb. And yet he would be king on't. 
Ant. The latter end of his commonwealth forgets the 
beginning. | 
Gon. All things in common nature ſhould produce 


Without {ſweat or endeavour : treaſon, felony, 


Sword, pike, knife, gun, or need of any engine 5, 
| Would 


might haye found the fable of the Tempeſt, he was led by the peruſa 


of this book to make the ſcene of it an unfrequented iſland. The title 
of the chapter, which is“ OF the Canniballes,” evidently furniſhed 
him with the name of one of his characters. In his time almoſt every 
proper name was twiſted into an anagram. Thus, „I moyl in lazy,” 
was the anagram of the laborious William Noy, Attorney General to 
Charles I. By inverting this proceſs, and tranſpoſing the letters of the 
word Canibal, Shakſpeare (as Dr. Farmer long fince obſerved) formed 
the name of Caliban. Maront | : | 

3 Bourn, beund of land, &c.] A bourn, in this place, ſignifies a li- 
mit, a meer, a land-mark. STEEVENSs | 

4 And uſe of ſervice, none; contract, ſucceſſion, 

HBourn, bound of land, tilth, vineyard, none :] The defeQive metre 
of the ſecond of theſe lines affords a ground for believing that ſome word 
was omitted at the preſs. Many of the defects however in our author's 
metre have ariſen from the words of one line being transferred 'to an- 
other. In the preſent inſtance the preceding line is redundant. Per- 
haps the words here, as in many other paſſages, have been ſhuffled out 
of their places. We might read | | : 

And uſe of ſervice, none; ſucceſſion, 3 
Contract, bourn, bound of land, tilth, vine yard, none. 
ſuerefion being often uſed by Shakſpeare as a quadriſyllable. It muſt 
owever be owned, that in the paſlage in Montaigne's Eflays the words 
contract and ſucceſſion are arranged in the ſame manner as in the firſt folio. 
If the error did not happen in this way, bourn might have been uſed 
as a diflyllable, and the word omitted at the preſs might have been 
none: 


contract, ſucceſſion, | 
None ; bourn, bound of land, tilth, vineyard, none. MALoNE. 
5 —any engine, ] An engine is the rack. So, in X. Lear: 
c —like an engine, wrench'd my frame of nature 
From the fix d place.” FRE 
D 4 It 


40 TEMP HS TFT. | 
Would I not have ; -but nature ſhould bring forth, 
Of its own kind, all foizon ©, all abundance, 
To feed my innocent people 7. | 
Seb, No marrying mong his ſubjects ? 
Ant. None, man: all idle; ' whores, and knaves, 
Gon. I would with ſuch perfection govern, fir, 
To excell the golden age *. _ 
Seb. *Save his majeity ! 
Ant. Long live Gonzalo! | 
Gon. And, do you mark me, fir ?— | 
Alon. Pr'ythee, no more; thou doſt talk nothing to 
me. TH 
Gon. I do well believe your highneſs ; and did it to 
miniſter occaſion to theſe gentlemen, who are of ſuch ſen- 
ſible and nimble lungs, that they always uſe to laugh at 
nothing. ad ee e | 5 
Ant. Twas you we laugh'd at. 
Con. Who, in this kind of merry fooling, am nothing 
to you: ſo you may continue, and laugh at nothing ſtill. 
Ant. What a blow was there given ? 
Seb. An it had not fallen flat-long. 
Gon. You are gentlemen of brave mettle 9; you would 


It may, however, be uſed here in its common fignification of in- 
ſtrument of war, or military machine. STEEVENS. 
© —all foixon, ] Foiſon or Foizon ſignifies plenty, ubertas. EDWARD 8. 
nature ſpould bring forth, 
Of its own kind, all foiſon, all abundance, 

o feed my innocent people.] „ And if notwithſtanding, in di- 
cc vers fruits of thoſe countries that were never tilled, we ſhall find 
cc that in reſpect of our's they are moſt excellent, and as delicate unto 
sc our taſte, there is no reaſon Art ſhould gain the point of our great 
& and puiflant mother, Nature. Montaigne's Eſſaies, ubi ſup. MAL ONE. 

S T would with ſuch perfection "Fart: firs Y : 5 
To excell the golden age. ] So Montaigne, ubi ſupra: © Me ſeemeth 
te that what in thoſe [newly diſcovered] nations we ſee by experience, 
cc doth not only EXcEED all the pictures wherewitb licentious poefie hath 
ce proudly imbelliſped the GOLDEN AGE, and all her quaint inventions 
cc to fain a happy condition of man, but alſo the conception and deſire 
cc of philoſophy.” MaLoxE. 5 
9 , brave mettle ;] The old copy has—metal, The two words are 
frequently confounded in the firſt folio. The epithet, Brave, ſhews clear- 
ly, that the word now placed in the text was intended by our au- 
thor, MAL ONE. e 5 N 
lift 


| T E NM TT 47 
lift the moon out of her ſphere, if ſhe would continue in 
it five weeks without changing. 


Enter Arn EL #nvifible, playing ſolemn we >. 


Seb. We would ſo, and then go a bat-fowling. 

Ant. Nay, good my lord, be not angry. 

Gozr. No, I warrant you; I will not adventure my dif. 
cretion ſo weakly. Will you laugh me aſleep, for I am 
very heavy ? | 

Ant. Go ſleep, and hear us. 

[All fleep but ALON. SEB. and Ax r. 

Alon. What, all fo ſoon 1 ! I with mine eyes 
Would, with themſelves, ſhut up my thoughts : I find, 
They are inclin'd to do'fo. 

Seb. Pleaſe you, fir, 
Do not omit the heavy offer of it : 
It ſeldom viſits ſorrow ; when it doth, 
It is a comforter. 
| Ant. We two, my lord, 

Will guard your perſon, while you take WR reſt, 
And watch your ſafety. 

Alon. Thank you: Wond'rous heavy. 8 

[ Alonſo fleeps. Exit ARIEL. 

Seb. What a ſtrange drowſineſs poſſeſſes them ? | 

Ant. It is the quality o' the climate. 

Seb. Why 
Doth it not then our eye-lids fink ? I find not 
Myſelf diſpos'd to ſleep. | | 

Ant. Nor I; my ſpirits are nimble. 

'They fell together all, as by conſent; - 

They dropp'd, as by a thunder-ſtroke. What might, 
Worthy Sebaſtian ?—o, what might ?—No more :— 
And yet, methinks, I ſee it in thy face, 

What thou ſhould” be : the occation ſpeaks thee ; cat 
My ftrong imagination ſees a crown 

Dropping upon thy head. 

Seb. What, art thou waking ? 

Ant. Do you not hear me ſpeak ? 

Seb, I do; and, ſurely, 

It is a fleepy language; ; and thou ſpeakꝰ'ſt 


hd 


ty get 


535 


42 TEMPEST. 


Out of thy ſleep : What is it thou did'ſt ſay ? 
This is a ſtrange repoſe, to be aſleep 
With eyes wide open ; ſtanding, RN > moving, 
And yet ſo faſt alleep. \ 
Ant. Noble Sebaſtian, 
Thou let'ſ thy fortune ſleep, die rather; wink 
Whiles thou art waking. 
Seb. Thou doſt fore diſlingly; : 
There's meaning in thy ſnores. 
Ant. J am more ſerious than my cuſtom : you 
M uſt be fo too, if heed, me; which to do, 
Trebles thee o'er ? : 
Seb. Well; I am u ſtanding water. 
Ant. I'll teach you how to flow. 
Seb. Do ſo: to ebb, * + | E 
1 ſloth inſtructs me 
LING 5 ; 
ou but knew, how you 1 purpoſe cheriſh, 
WI thus you mock it! how, in ſtripping it, 
You more inveſt it! Ebbing men, indeed, 
Moft often do ſo near the-bottom run, 
By their own fear, or ſloth. 
Seb. Pr'ythee, fay on: 
The ſetting of thine eye, and cheek, roclaim 
A ne Nom thee; and a birth, en 
Which throes thee much to yield. 15 
Ant. Thus, ſir: | | 


7 


1 7 am more ſerious than my nfs 3 you 
Muſt be fo too, if heed me; which to do 

Trebles thee o'er. ] You muſt put on more than your uſual ferf- 
evfneſs, if you uy diſpoſed to pay a proper attention to my propoſal; 
which — vou beſtow, it will in the end make you thrice 
bat you are. Sebaſtian is already brother to the throne; but being | 
mage a king by Anthonio's contrivance, would be (according to our 
author's idea greatneſs) thrice the man he was before. In this ſenſe 
he would be trebled o'er. So, in Pericles, 1609: 

60 the maſter calls, | 
& And trebles the confufion.” STEEVENS. 
Again, in the Merchant of Venice | 
& Yet, for you, 

6c] would be trebled en times myſelf,” Mar ox x. 


Althou gh 


N E. MN FE S- FF. 43 
Alchough this lord of weak remembrance *, this, 
(Who ſhall be of as little memory, 
When he is earth'd,) hath here almoſt perſuaded 
{For he's a ſpirit of perſuaſion, only ; 
Profeſſes to perſuade3,) the king, his ſon's alive; 
*Tis as impoſſible that he's undrown'd, 
As he, that ſleeps here, ſwims. 

Seb. I have no hope 
That he's undrown'd. 

Ant. O, out of that no hope, 
What great hope have you ! no hope, that way, 1s 
Another way ſo high an hope, that even 
Ambition cannot pierce a wink beyond “, 5 
But doubts diſcovery there. Will you grant, with me, 
That Ferdinand is drown'd ? . 

Ses. He's gone. 

Ant. Then, tell me, 1 
Who's the next heir of Naples? 

Seb. Claribel. h | 5 

Ant. She that is queen of Tunis; ſhe that dwells 
Ten leagues beyond man's life; ſhe that from Naples 
Can have no note 5, unleſs the ſun were poſt, 


2 — this lord of weak remembrance,] This lord, who, being now in 
his dotage, has outlived his faculty of remembering; and who, once 
laid in the ground, ſhall be as little remembered himſelf, as he can now 
remember other things. JounsoN. | | 

3 (For he's a ſpirit of perſuaſion, only | 
. HProfeſſes to n He is one who profeſſes the art of perſua- 
ſion, and profeſſes nothing elſe. STEEVENS. | | 

4 —a wink beyond,] That this is the utmoſt extent of the proſpect 
of ambition, the point where the eye can paſs no farther, and where 
objects loſe their diſtinctneſs, ſo that what is there diſcovered is faint, 
_ obſcure, and doubtful, JorNnso0Ne | : 

5 — ſhe that from Naples | 

Can have no note, &c. ] Note is notice, or information. Maronr. 

Shakſpeare's great ignorance of geography is not more conſpicuous in 
any inſtance than in this, where he ſuppoſes Tunis and Naples to have 
been at ſuch an immeaſurable diftance from each other. He may how- 
ever be countenanced by Apollonius Rhodius, who ſays, that both the 
Rhone and Po meet in one, and diſcharge themſelves into the gulph 
of Venice; and by Aſcbhylus, who has placed the river Eridanus in 
Spain. SrEEVENS. | 1 


\ | | (The 


44 N MN ST 
(The man i' the moon's too ſlow,) till new-born chins 
Be rough and razorable; ſhe, from whom © 
We all were ſea- ſwallow'd, though ſome caſt again“; 
And, by that deſtiny *, to perform an act, 
Whereof what's paſt is prologue ; what to come, 
In yours, and my diſcharge ?. e 
Seb. What ſtuff is this ?—How fay you? 
*Tis true, my brother's daughter's queen of Tunis; 
So is ſhe heir of Naples; *twixt which regions 
There is ſome ſpace. | | 
Ant. A ſpace whole every cubit 
Seems to cry out, How ſhall that Claribel 
Meaſure us back to Naples ?—Keep in Tunis *, 
And let Sebaftian wake !—Say, this were death 
That now hath ſeiz'd them; why, they were no worſe 
Than now they are: There be, that can rule Naples, 
As well as he that ſleeps ; lords, that can prate 
As amply, and unneceſlarily, ; 
As this Gonzalo ; I myſelf could make | 
A chongh * of as deep chat. O, that you bore 
The mind that I do! what a ſleep were this 
For your advancement ? Do you underſtand me ? 
Seb. Methinks, I do. 
Ant. And how does your content 
Tender your own good fortune ? 
Seb. J remember, 


8 2 from whom] i. e. in coming from whom, The old copy 
has—ſhe that from &c ; which cannot be right. The compoſitor's eye 
probably glanced on a preceding line, = that from Naples — . The 
emendation was made by Mr, Rowe. ALONE. 1 
7 — though ſome caſt again;] Caf is here uſed in the ſame ſenſe as 
in Macbeth, Act II. fc. iii.“ though he took my legs from me, 
I made a ſhift to caft him.” STEEvens. | 
3 And, by that deſtiny, ] It is a common plea of wickedneſs to call 
temptation deſtiny. Jon NSsON. | 
9 In yours, and my diſc barge.] i. e. Depends on what you and I are 
to perform. STEEVENS. is 
1 —Keep in Tunis, ] Claribel, (ſays he) keep where thou art, and al- 
- low Sebaſtian time to awaken thoſe ſenſes, by the help of which be may 
perceive the advantage which no preſents itſelf. STEEVENS, 
2 A chough 1s a bird of the jack-daw kind. STZEVENSs 


You 


T R M TE 45 


You did ſupplant your brother Proſpero. 

Ant. Trae : . 
And, look, how well my garments ſit upon me; 
Much feater than before: My brother's ſervants 
Were then my fellows, now they are my men. 

Seb. But, for your conſcience— 

Ant. Ay, ſir; where lies that? if it were a kybe, 
"F'would put me to my flipper ; but I feel not 
This deity in my boſom : twenty conſciences, 
That ſtand *twixt me and Milan, candy'd be they, 
And melt, ere they moleſt 3! Here lies your brother, 
No better than the earth he lies upon, 
If he were that which now he's like, that's, dead“; 
Whom I with this obedient ſteel, three inches of it, 
Can lay to bed for ever : whiles X hers doing thus, 
Jo the perpetual wink for aye 5 might put 
This ancient morſel ©, this fir Prudence, who 
Should not upbraid our courſe. For all the reſt, 
They'll take ſuggeſtion 7, as a cat laps milk; 
They'll tell the clock to any buſineſs that 
We ſay befits the hour. 

Seb. Thy caſe, dear friend, 
Shall be my precedent ; as thou gotꝰ ſt Milan, 
I'll come by Naples. Draw thy ſword : one ſtroke 
Shall free thee from the tribute which thou pay'lt ; 
And I the king ſhall love thee, 


3 andy d be they, 

And melt, ere they moleſt I] i. e. Let twenty conſciences be firſt 
congealed, and then diſſolved, ere tliey moleſt me, or prevent me from 
executing my purpoſes. Maron E. 

4 — that's, dead;] That's is not here uſed for 2vho is, but (as Mr. 
Steevens has obſerved) for © id tt. If be were that which now he's 
like, that is to ſay, dead. MAL ONE. 

5 —for aye]—i. e. for ever. ' STEEVENS. 

© This ancient morſel,] So we ſay a piece of a man. JOHNSON» 

So, in Meaſure for Meaſure: 

« How dcth my dear morſel, thy miſtreſs ? 2” STEEVENS. : 

So, in Antony and Cleopatra: 

„ I found thee as a \morſel cold, 
c Upon dead Czſar's trencher.“ Maloxz. 
7 tate ſuggeſtion,] i. e. receive any hint of villainy. JouNns0N. 


Ant. 


46 TE MY EST 
Ant. Draw together : 
And when I rear my hand, do you the like, 
To fall it on Gonzalo. Ts 
Seb. O, but one word. [T hey converſe apart. 
| Muſick. Re-enter ARIEL inwvifeble, 
Ari. My maſter through his art foreſees the danger 
That you, his friend, are in; and ſends me forth, 
For elſe his project dies, to keep them living“. 
95 | [ing in Gonzalo's ear. 
While you here do ſnoring lie, 
Open-ey d conſpiracy 
His time doth take © 
Foy life you keep a care, 
. Shake off ſlumber, and beware : 
0 Awake ] aauatte! 
Ant. Then let us both be ſudden. 
Gon. Now; good angels, preſerve the king! [They wake. 


Alon. 


3 to keep them Jiving.] By them; as the text now ſtands, Gonzalo 
and Alonzo muſt be underſtood. Dr. Johnſon objects very juſtly to this 
paſſage. As it ſtands, ſays he, at preſent, rhe ſenſe is this. He ſees 
your danger, and will therefore ſave 'them.”* He therefore would read 


, That theſe his friends are ins” 5 
The confuſion has, I think, ariſen from the omiſſion of a ſingle 
letter. Our author, I believe, wrote | | 
and fends me forth, 

For elſe his projects dies, to keep them living. 
j. e. he has ſent me forth, to keep his projects alive, which elſe 
would be deſtroyed by the murder of his friend Gonzalo,—The oppoſi- 
Hon between the life and death of a project appears to me much in 
Shakſpeare's manner. So, in Much ad» abcut nothing : What life is 
in that, to be the death of this marriage ?”—The plural noun joined to 
a verb in the fingular number is to be met with in almoſt every page 
of the firſt folio. So, to confine myſelf to the play before us, edit. 
1623: | | | 

c My old. bones ates.“ 
Again, ibid : 

= | — At this hour 

cc Lies at my mercy all my enemies. 
Again, ibid : | 

46 His tears runs down his beard—.“ 
Again: „ What cares theſe roarers for the name of the king?“ 
It was the common language of the time; and ought to be corrected, 
as indeed it generally has been in the modern editions of our author, 


3 
hy 

. 

gt 

* 

— 
8 

22 

ES 

"EP 
Wo 

"ary 

We, 
v5 

"0 
1 : 
= 
0 

<p 

4 
. 
<2 
4 
bo 
1 
= 

= 
+ 8 

* 
7 
9 
8 

3 
RS. 
2 
oy 

3 
3454 

8 
- 8 
7 . 
EY 

= 
» 

& 

7 
"I 
1 
3 1 . 
"© 
be. 
7 
2 5 Pg 
: at; 
2 ww 
2 

. 

=" 
Too 

5 45 
ESO 

2 one X 
8 

. 
"ts 
= 

WIS + 
3 
248 
- 8 
5 
+ 
58 
2 
bY: 5 
72 Fu 
1 
2 N 
n 
12 43 
1 
* 
3 
1 
+ © 
" << 
<< 
0 _ a 
"I 
- 
3 
x 
y 5 
* 


gr 
* 
5 


TEM EF = 81 47 
Alon. Why, how now, ho! awake! Why are you 
drawn 9? | 
Wherefore this ghaſtly looking ? 
Gon. What's the matter ? 
Seb. Whiles we ſtood here ſecuring your repoſe, 
Even now, we heard a hollow burſt of bellowing 
Like bulls, or rather lions ; did it not wake you ? 
It ſtruck mine ear moſt terribly. 
Alon. I heard nothing. | 15 
Ant. O, *twas a din to fright a monſter's ear; 
To make an earthquake ! ſure, it was the roar 
Of a whole herd of hons. 
Alon. Heard you this, Gonzalo ? 
Gon. Upon mine honour, fir, I heard a humming, 
And that a ſtrange one too, which did awake me: 
I ſhak'd you, fir, and cry*d ; as mine eyes open'd, 
I ſaw their weapons drawn :—there was a noiſe, | 
That's verity * : Tis beſt we ſtand upon our guard; 
Or that we quit this place : let's draw our weapons. 
Alon. Lead off this ground: and let's make further 
ſearch 
For my poor ſon. 2 | 
Con. Heavens keep him from theſe beaſts ! 
For he is, ſure, i' the iſland. 
Alon. Lead away. 
Ari. Proſpero my lord ſhall know what I have done: 
| | [ Afde. 
So, king, go ſafely on to ſeek thy ſon. [ Exeunt. 


by changing the number of the verb, Thus, in the preſent inſtance 


we ſhould read—Por elſe his projects die, &c. MALON E. 


; 9 —drawn ?] Having your ſwords drawn, So, in Romeo and Ju- 
iet? | 
© What, art thou drawn among theſe heartleſs hinds?“ 
JonnsoN, 
1 Thats verity : ] The old copy reads, that's werily. STEEVENS. 
The emendation was made by Mr, Pope, MALoNE. 


SCENE 


—— = —_— _ = 
N Sn A — : 
* - 2 — 
== 
> _ | - - 
K — —— — 
— — — 


= ih Sb not 
Er 
— 
— — — 


— 


— 


| 
4 
x 
14 


if 
off 


9 — > 
* TY 
—— — — — 


_ — 
— — ==>. 
m_ 


— w_ 
— 4 > 


' 
il 
i; 

ly 

[ 
[: 
. 
+ 

ty 

l 

* 

i 

j/ 


= = LICE 3 
5 —— — CE 2 


mY 
4 ð ͤ TY I” I" INOS "5, 


— — 
— — 4 3 
— 
© 0.4 


be — = — 2 
6 


From bogs, fens, flats, on Proſper fall, and make him 


— 


38 T RE ME S F. 


SCENE II. 
Another part of the iſland. 


Enter CALIBAN with a buraen of wwo0d 2 
| | A noiſe of thunder heard. 
Cal. All the infections that the ſun ſucks up 


By inch-meal a diſeaſe ! His ſpirits hear me, | 
And yet I needs muſt curſe. But they'll nor pinch, 
Fright me with urchin ſhows, pitch me i“ the mire, 
Nor lead me, like a fire-brand, in the dark 

Out of my way, unleſs he bid *em ; but 

For every trifle are they ſet upon me ; | 
Sometime like apes, that moe * and chatter at me, 
And after, bite me ; then like hedge-hogs, which 
Lie tumbling in my bare-foot way, and mount 
Their pricks at my foot-fall ; ſometime am I 

All wound with adders 3, who, with cloven tongues, 


Do hiſs me into madneſs :—Lo! now! lo! 


Enter TRINCULO. 


Here comes a ſpirit of his ; and to torment me, 

For bringing wood in flowly : I'll fall flat; 

Perchance, he will not mind me. | 
Trin. Here's neither buſh nor ſhrub, to bear off any 

weather at all, and another ſtorm brewing ; I hear it ſing 


i' the wind: yond' ſame black cloud, yond' huge one, 


looks like a foul bumbard “ that would thed his liquor. 
If it ſhould thunder, as it did before, I know not where 
to hide my head: yond' ſame cloud cannot chooſe but 
fall by pailfuls.— What have we here? a man or a fiſh ? 


Dead or alive? A fiſh: he ſmells like a fiſh ; a very an- 
tient and fiſh-like ſmell ; a kind of, not of the neweſt, 


2 —that moe i. e. Make months, STEEVENS. 


3 —zoound with adders,] Enwrapped by adders wound or twiſted 


about me. JoHNSONs | 
4 — 2 Foul bumbard—] A large veſſel for holding drink. THTOBAL D. 
Mr. Upton would read —a full bombard. See a note on“ I thank 
the Gods, I am foul;” As you like it, Act. III. ſc. iii. MALonE. 
: Poor- 


J 
5 
= 
mT * 
IM 
A 
by” 
2 
A N 
3 * 
wo” 
5 
i 
3 
8 
_—_— | 
"a 7 


3 
7: 
*7 5 
=. 
RE - 
4” 9 2 
JT 
3 
Weir 
5.3 4 
26 
Wh - 
=. 
I 
$5 
© 
i 
1 


| TT EMP-E & TE 49 
Poor-John. A firange fiſh! Were I in England now, 
(as once I was,) and had but this fiſh painted 5, not a ho- 
liday fool there but would give a piece of filver : there 
would this monſter make a man ; any ſtrange beaſt there 
makes a man: when they will not give a doit to relieve a 
lame beggar, they will lay out ten to ſee a dead Indian 7, 
Legg'd like a man! and his fins like arms! Warm, o' 
my troth | I do now let looſe my opinion, hold it no lon- 

er; this is no fiſh, but an iſlander, that hath lately ſuf- 
fer'd by a thunder-bolt. [7 hunder.] Alas! the ſtorm is come 
again: my beſt way is to creep under his gaberdine 5- there 
is no other ſhelter hereabout : Miſery acquaints a man with 
ſtrange bedfellows : I will here ſhroud, till the dregs of the 


ſtorm be paſt. | 
Enter STEPHANO, ſinging 3 a bottle in his hand. 


Ste. 41 ſhall no more to ſea, to ſea, 
Here Hall I die a-fhore j— _ | 
This is a very ſcurvy tune to ſing at a man's funeral: 
Well, here's my comfort. [ drinks, 


The maſter, the ſwabber, the boatſwain, and 1, 
| he gunner, and his mate, | 
Lowd Mall, Meg, and Marian, and Margery, 
But none of us car'd for Kate | 
| | For 


$ this fiſb painted,] To exhibit fiſhes, either real or imaginary, wag 
very common about the time of our author. STEEVENS. | 
nabe a man ;] That is, make a man's fortune, So, in Midſum- 
mer Night's Dream :—“ we are all made men.” JoHNSON. 

7 —a dead Indian.] And afterwards—Men of Inde. Probably ſome 
alluſion to a particular occurrence, now obſcured by time. In Henry 
VIII. the porter aſks the mob, if they think—ſome ftrange Indian &c. 
is come to court.—In the year 1577 was entered on the books of the 
Stationers' Company, „A deſcription. of the purtrayture and ſhape of 
« thoſe ſtrange kinde of people whiche the wurthie Mr. Martin Four- 
c bofier brought into England in A“. 1576.” STEEVENS. 

8 is gaberdine; ] A gaberdine is properly the coarſe frock or out- 
ward garment of a peaſant, Gabardina, Spaniſh. The gaberdine is 
ſtill worn by the peaſants in Suſſex. STEEVENS. 

It here however means, I believe, a looſe felt cloak. Minſheu 
in his DIT. 1617, calls it © a rough Iriſh mantle, or horſeman's 
coat. Gaban, Span. and Fr.—Læna, i. e. veſtis quz ſuper cætera 

VoL. I, | | veſumenta 


1 — 
3 


- 
— — 


* 
— — — — 
2 n 


N 
a» 2. — 
— 2 — RW —_— _ 5 
* — - —— CO — 
— ——— ——— — ͤꝓ—kE—— re tr Ge — 


Pl 
— — — PX i 
4E 9 EEE 
—  — — 


a 
_— 


i * 
mY 


ISAT 


5O CCG 
For ſhe had a tongue with a tang, 
Would cry to a ſailor, Go, hang: 
She lox'd not the favour of tar nor of Stteb; 
Yet a tailor might ſcratch her where-eer ſbe did itch 1 
Then to ſea, boys, and let her go hang. 


This is a ſcurvy tune too: But here's my comfort. tail. 
Cal. Do not torment me: Oh! 


Ste. What's the matter? Have we devils here? Do you | 


put tricks upon us with ſavages, and men of Inde ? Ha! 
have not ſcap'd drowning, to be afeard now of your 
four legs ; for it hath been ſaid, As proper a man as ever 
went upon four legs cannot make him give ground : and 
it ſhall be ſaid fo again, while Stephano breathes at noſ- 
trils. 

Cal. The ſpirit torments me: Oh! 

Ste. This is ſome monſter of the iſle, with four . : 
who hath got, as I take it, an ague : Where the devil 
ſhould he learn our language? I will give him ſome relief, 
If it be but for that: If I can recover him, and keep him 
tame, and get to Naples with him, he's a preſent for any 
emperor that ever trod on neats-leather. 

Cal. Donot torment me, pr'ythee ; I'll bring my wood 


home faſter. 
Ste. He's in his fit now; and does not talk after the 


wiſeſt: He ſhall taſte of my bottle: if he have never drunk 


wine afore, it will go near to remove his fit: if I can re- 
cover him, and keep him tame, I will not take too 


much“ for him; he ſhall pay for him that hath him, and 


that ſoundly. 
Cal. Thou doſt me yet but little hurt; thou wilt anon, 


veſtimenta impenebatur. See alſo Cotgrave's DI. in v. gaban, 


aud galleverdine. MAL ONE. 
too much—] Too mueb means any ſum, ever ſo 5 It has, 


however, been obſerved to me that when the vulgar mean to aſk an ex- 


travagant price for any thing, they ſay with a laugh, I won't make him 
pay twice for it. This ſenſe ſufficiently accommodates itſelf to Trincu- 
lo's expreſſion. STEVENS. 

I think the meaning is, Let me take what ſum I will, however great, 
7 [hall not take too much or bim: it is impoſſible for me to ſell him 
too dear. Maroxx. 


I know 


23 e — 20 0 8 
, N RL 423 _— Fr an d W ee. "OG Ts y — 
1 eee, TY er : . The x 88 18 ccc 5 Ws WW. 8 SOS Beds 75 9 * : 
P # : 7 x vs Ws f £ - 2% 
5 


T RB M NN 51 


I know it by thy trembling *: Now Proſper works upon 
thee. 

Ste. Come on your ways; open your mouth; here is 
that which will give language to you, cat *; open your 
mouth : this will ſhake your ſhaking, I can tell you, and 
that ſoundly : you cannot tell who's your friend; open 
your chaps again. 

Trin. I ſhould know that voice: It ſhould be 
But he is drown'd ; and theſe are devils: O! defend 
me | 

Ste. Four legs, and two voices; a > mad delicate mon- 
ſter ! His forward voice 3 now is to ſpeak well of his 
friend ; his backward voice 1s to utter foul ſpeeches, and 
to detract. If all the wine in my bottle will recover him, 
I will help his ague : Come, — Amen“! I will pour ſome” 

In thy other mouth. 

Trin. Stephano,— 

Ste. Doth thy other mouth call me ? Mercy | mercy |! 
This is a devil, and no monſter : I will leave him; I 
have no long ſpoon 5. 5, 

Trin. Stephano ir thou beeſt Stephano, touch me, 
and ſpeak to me; for I am Trinculo be not ateard, — 
thy good friend Trinculo. 

Ste. If thou beeſt Trinculo, come forth; 11 pull this: 
by the leſſer legs: if any be Trinculo's legs, theſe are they. 
Thou art you Trinculo, indeed: How cam'ſt thou to be 

nf om it by thy 3 4] This tremor is always repreſented as 
the effect of being poſieſs'd by the devil. So, in the Comedy of Errors: 
„Mark how he trembles in his ecitacy!” STEEvENS. 
2 ——cat; ] Alluding to an old proverb, that good liquor will make 
& cat ſpeak. STEEVENS. 

3 His forward voice &c.] The perſon of Fame was e deſcribed 
in this manner. STEEVENS. 

4 —Amen ] Means, ſtop your draught; 3 come to a concluſions * F 
will pour ſome &c. STEEVENS. | 

S I have no long ſpoon.] Alluding to the proverb, A long ſpoon to eat 
with the devil. STEEVENS. 

See Com. of Errors, act IV. ſe, iii, and Chaucer's Squier's 721, 
ver. 10916 of the late edit. 

«© Therefore behoveth him a ful long ſpone, 
That ſhall ete with a fend.” TTRWAHIT T. 


E 2 1 


52 PHZ. Þ  B* $:; Th 

the ſiege of this moon-calf ©? Can he vent Trinculos ? 
Trin. I took him to be kilPd with a thunder-ftroke : 

hut art thou not drown'd, Stephano ? I hope now, thou 

art not drown'd. Is the ſtorm over-blown ? I hid me un- 

der the dead moon-calt's gaberdine, for fear of the ſtorm: 

And art thou living, Stephano ? O Stephano, two Nea- 

politans *ſcap*d! 

Ste. Pr'ythee, do not turn me about; my ſtomach is 

not conſtant. | | 


Cal. "Theſe be fine things, an if they be not ſprights. 
That's a brave god, and bears celeſtial liquor : f 
I will kneel to him. 

Ste. How did'ſt thou ſcape? How cam*fſt thou hither ? 
ſwear by this bottle, how thou cam*ſt hither. I eſcap'd 
upon a butt of ſack, which the ſailors heav'd over-board, 
by this bottle! which J made of the bark of a tree, with 
mine own hands, fince I was caſt a-ſhore. | 

Cal. Il ſwear, upon that bottle, to be thy true ſub- 
Je& ; for the liquor is not earthly. 

Ste. Here; ſwear then how thou eſcap'dſt. 

Trin. Swam a-ſhore, man, like a duck ; I can ſwim 7 
like a duck, I'll be ſworn. ED = 

Ste. Here, kiſs the book: Though thou can*ſ ſwim like 
a duck, thou art made like a gooſe, | 

Trin. O Stephano, haſt any more of this? 

Ste. The whole butt, man; my cellar is in a rock by 
the ſea-ſide, where my wine is hid. How now, moon- 
calf ? how does thine ague ? | 

Cal. Haſt thou not way from Heaven??? * 

Ste. Out o' the moon, I do aſſure thee : I was the man 
in the moon, when time was. | 1 


» 


-— 


6 fo be the ſiege of this moon-calf ?] Siege ſignifies fool in every ſenſe: 
of the word, and is here uſed in the dirtieſt, A moon-calf is an inani- 
mate ſhapeleſs maſs, ſuppoſed by Pliny to be engendered of woman only. 


See. his Nat. Hiſt, b. x, ch. 64. STEVENS. 

7 Ican ſwim—] I believe Trinculo is ſpeaking of Caliban, and that- 
we ſhould read“ can ſwim?” &c. See the next ſpeech. Marons, 
s Haſt thou not dropp'd from beawen ? ] The new-diſcovered Indians; 
of the Iſland of St. Salvador aſked, by figns, whether Columbus and 

' Kis companions were not ceme down from beauen-. TOLLET, c / 
| : 44. 


T W DB 1 53 
Cal. J have ſeen thee in her, and I do adore thee: my 
miſtreſs ſhew'd me thee, and thy dog, and thy buſh. 
Ste. Come, ſwear to that; kiſs the book: I will furniſh 
it anon with new contents: ſwear. , i 
Trin. By this good light this is a very ſhallow mon- 
ſter:— I afeard of him? —a very weak monſter 9 ;—The 
man i' the moon ?—a moſt poor credulous monſter :-— 
Well drawn, monſter, , in good ſooth. 
Cal. I'll ſhew thee every fertile inch o” the iſland ; 
And I will kiſs thy foot“: I pr'ythee, be my god. 
Trin. By this light, a moſt perfidious and drunken mon- 
ter ; when his god's aſleep, he?ll rob his bottle. 
Cal. I'll kiſs thy foot: P11 ſwear myſelf thy ſubject. 
Ste. Come on then; down, and ſwear. 
Trin. I ſhall laugh myſelf to death at this puppy-headed 
monſter : A moſt ſcurvy monſter! I could find in my heart 
to beat him, — 1 | 
Ste. Come, kiſs. 
Trin. —but that the poor monſter's in drink: An a- 
bominable monſter! | | 
Cal. Fllſhew thee the beſt ſprings; I'Il pluck thee berries z 
FIl fiſh for thee, and get thee wood enough. 
A plague upon the tyrant that I ſerve ! 
I'll bear him no more fticks, but follow thee, 
Thou wond”rous man. | 
Trin. A moſt ridiculous monſter ; to make a wonder of 
a poor drunkard. 
Cal. I pr'ythee, let me bring thee where crabs grow; 
And with my long nails will dig thee pig- nuts; 
Shew thee a jay's neſt, and inſtruct thee how 
'To ſnare the nimble marmozet ; I'll bring thee 
To cluſt'ring. filberds, and ſometimes I'll get thee 
Young ſea-mels * from the rock: Wilt thou go with me! 
: Sre. 


9 I afeard of him ?—a very wveak monſter :] It is to be obſerved, that 
Trinculo the ſpeaker is not charged with being afraid; but it was his con- 
ſciouſneſs that drew this brag from him. This is nature. WARBURTON». 

1 —kiſs thy foot :] A ſneer upon the papiſts for kiſſing the Pope's 
pantofle. GRE. | 

2 Young ſea-mels—] The old copy reads—ſcamels, Mr. Holt aſſerted 
that /impers are in ſome places called ſcams, But not having found the 

| E z | word 


54 THE. N TT 
Ste. I pr'ythee now, lead the way, without any more 
talking. Trinculo, the king and all our company elſe 
being drown'd, we will inherit here.— Here; bear my 
bottle! Fellow Trinculo, we'll fill him by and by again, 
Cal. Farewell maſter ; farewell, farewell. | 
| [ Sings drunkenly.] 
Trin. A howling monſter ; a drunken monſter. 
Cal. No more dams I'll make for fiſh ; 
Nor fetch in firing 
At requiring, : 
Nor ſcrape trenchering 3, nor waſp diſh ; 
Ban, Ban, Ca. Caliban, 4 
Has a new maſter —Get a new man. 
Freedom, hey-day ! hey-day, freedom ! freedom, hey- 
day, freedom | „ . 
Ste. O brave monſter ! lead the way. [ Exeunt. 


word ſcamel in any ancient Engliſh book, I have adopted the emendation 


propoſed by Mr. Theobald. Mr. Steevens's obſervation on the epi- 


thet © young” appears to me decifive, In Lincolnſhire, as I learn 
from * Banks, the name ſea-mall is applied to all the ſmaller 
ſpecies of gulls. Plott, the ſame gentleman adds, in his Hiſtory of 
Staffordſhire, p. 231, gives an account of the mode of taking a ſpecies 
of gull, called in that country Pewits, (the black-capped gull of Lin- 
colnſhire ) with a plate annexed, at the end of which he writes," they 
being accounted a good diſh at the moſt plentiful tables: MALONE. 

Theobald very reaſonably propoſed to read ſea-mails, or ſea-mells. 
An e by theſe careleſs printers was eafily changed into a c, and from 
this accident, I believe, all the difficulty ariſes, the word having been 
ſpelt by the tranſcriber ſea mels. Willoughby mentions the bird, as 
Theobald informs us | /arus cinereus minor |. Had Mr. Holt told us in 
what part of England limpets are called ſcams, more attention would 
have been paid to his aſſertion. N | | 

I ſhould ſuppoſe, at all events, a bird to have been deſign'd, as young 
and old fiſþ are taken with equal facility; but young birds are more ea- 
fily ſurpriſed than old ones. Beſides, Caliban had already proffered to 


for Trinculo. In Cavendiſh's ſecond voyage, the ſailors eat young 


ulls at the iſle of Penguins. SrEEVENS. | 
3 Nor ſcrape trenchering,] In our author's time trenchers were in 
general uſe; and male domeſticks were ſometimes employed in cleanſing 
them. „ have helped (ſays Lilly in his Hiftory of his life and times, 
ad an. 1620,) to carry eighteen tubs of water in one morning z—all man- 
ner of drudgery I willingly performed; ſcrape trenchers, &c“. MALON RE. 


"a C1 


A * 


bets: en 


PH N v EST. 55 


ACT H. Se 
Before Proſpero's Cell. 


Enter FERDINAND, bearing a log. 


Fer. There be ſome ſports are painful“; and their la- 
bour 
Delight in them ſets off5 : ſome kinds of baſeneſs 
Are nobly undergone; and moſt poor matters 
Point to rich ends. This my mean taſk would be? 
As heavy to me, as odious; but 
The miſtreſs, which I ſerve, quickens what's dead, 
And makes my labours pleaſures : O, ſhe 1s 
Ten times more gentle, than her father's crabbed ; 
And he's compoſed of harſhneſs. I muſt remove 
Some thouſands of theſe logs, and pile them up, 
Upon a ſore injunction: My ſweet miſtreſs 
Weeps when ſhe ſees me work; and ſays, ſuch baſeneſs 
Had ne'er like executor. I forget®: 
But theſe ſweet thoughts do even refreſh my labours; 
Moſt buſy-leſs, when ] do it 7. . | 


4 There be ſome ſports are painful; and their labour 
Delight in them ſets off :] | 
Molliter auſterum ſtudio fallente laborem. 
Hor. ſat. 2. lib. ii, STE EYES. 
We haye again the ſame thought in Macbeth: | 
4 The labour we delight in phyſicks pain.” 

After „ and,” at the ſame time muſt be underſtood. Mr. Pope, 
unneceſſarily, reads“ But their labour, which has been followed 
by the ſubſequent editors. MALoNE. | ; | 

5 This my mean taſk would be] The metre of this line is defective in 
the old copy, by the words world be being transferred to the next line. 
Our author and his contemporaries generally uſe «dious as a triſyl- 
lable. MALONE. „ 

© T forget : ] Perhaps Ferdinand means to ſay—l forget my taſt; 
but that is not ſurpriſing, for I am thinking on Miranda, and theſe ſweet 
thoughts &c. He may however mean, that he forgets or thinks little 
of the baſeneſs of his employment. W hichſoever be the ſenſe, And, or 
For, ſhould ſeem more proper in the next line, than But. MALoNE. 

7 Mcft buſy-leſs, wwhen I do it.] The old copy has—buſy 1%. Core 
rected by Mr. Theobald, MaALoNnE. : ns 


E 4 l Euter 


56 F N MM TH 9 1 
Enter MIRAN DA ; and PROSPERO at a diſtance. 


Mira. Alas, now! pray you, - 

Work not ſo hard : I would, the 8 had 
Burnt up thoſe logs, that you are enjoin'd to pile! 
Pray, ſet it down, and reſt you: when this burns, 
*T'will weep for having weary' d you: My father 
Is hard at ſtudy ; pray now, reſt yourſelf ; 

He's ſafe for theſe three hours. 

Fer. O moſt dear miſtreſs, | 
The ſan will ſet before I ſhall diſcharge | 
What I muſt firive to do. 

Mira. If you'll fit down, 

Pl! bear your logs the while: ac give me that 3 ; 
I'll carry it to the pile. 

Fer. No, precious creature : 

T had rather crack my ſinews, break my back, 
Than you ſhould ack diſhonour undergo, 
While I fit lazy by. | 

Mira. It would become me 
As well as it does you : and I ſhould do it 
With much more eaſe ; for my good will 1s to It» 
And yours it is again *. 

Pro. Poor worm ! thou art infected ; 

This viſitation ſhews it. 

- Mira. You look wearily. 

Fer. No, noble miſtreſs ; *tis freſh morning with me, 
When you are by at night „. I do beſeech you, 
(Chiefly, that I might ſet it in my Prayers.) 
What is your name ? 

Mira. Miranda :-—O my father, | 


3 And yours it is againft.] Perhaps we ſhould my And yours fs it 
againſt, STEEVENS, 
9 tis freſh morning with me, 


ben you are by at night. ] 
Tu mihi curarum requies, tu nocte vel atra 
Lumen. 
Tibul. Lib, iv. El. xii. MaLoxx. 


I have 


J have broke your heſt * to ſay ſo! 

Fer. Admir'd Miranda! 
Indeed, the top of admiration; worth 
What's deareſt to the world! Full many a lady 
J have ey'd with beſt regard; and many a time 
The harmony of their tongues hath into bondage 
Brought my too diligent ear: for ſeveral virtues 
Have I lik'd ſeveral women; never any 
With ſo full ſoul, but tome defect in her 
Did quarrel with the nobleſt grace ſhe ow'd, 
And put it to the foil: But you, o you, | 
So perfect, and fo peerleſs, are created 
Of every creature's beſt *. 

Mira. 1 do not know 
One of my ſex ; no woman's face remember, 
Save, from my glaſs, mine own ; nor have I ſeen 
More that I may call men, than you, good friend, 
And my dear father : how features are abroad, 
I am ſkill-leſs of ; but, by my modeſty, 
(The jewel in my dower,) I would not wiſh 
Any companion in the world but you; 
Nor can imagination form a ſhape, 
Beſides yourſelf, to like of: But I prattle 
Something too wildly, and my father's precepts 
I therein do forget. 
Fer. J am, in my condition, 
A prince, Miranda; I do think, a king; 
(I would, not ſo!) and would no more endure 
This wooden ſlavery, than I would ſuffer 3 
The fleſh-fly blow my mouth :—Hear my ſoul ſpeak ;j—- 
The very inſtant that I ſaw you, did 
My heart fly to your ſervice ; there reſides, 
To make me ſlave to it; and, for your ſake, 
Am I this patient log-man. 


T —heft] For beheſt; i. e. command. STEEVENS. 

2 Of every creature's beſt.] Alluding to the picture of Venus by A- 
pelles. JonnsoN. . 

3—than I would ſ»ffer &c.] The old copy reads. Than 70 ſuffer, 
The emendation is Mr, Pope's, STEX VEN, | 


Mira. 


58 ß 0 TI 
Mira. Do you love me ? | 
Fer. O heaven, o earth, bear witneſs to this ſound, 
And crown what I profeſs with kind event, 
If I ſpeak true; if hollowly, invert 
What beſt is boded me, to miſchief! I, 
Beyond all limit of what elſe i' the world “, 
Do love, prize, honour you. 
Mira. I am a fool, ö 
To weep at what I am glad of, 
Pro. Fair encounter 
Of two moſt rare affections! Heavens rain grace 
On that which breeds between them! | 


Fer. Wherefore weep you? 

Mira. At mine unworthineſs, that dare not offer 
What I deſire to give; and much leſs take, | 
What I ſhall die to want ; But this 1s trifling ; 

And all the more it feeks © to hide itſelf, ' 

The bigger bulk it ſhews. Hence baſhful cunning ! 
And prompt me, ee and holy innocence ! _ 
I am your wife, if you will marry me 7; 


4 —of what elſe i” the world,] i. e. of aught elſe; of whatfoever 
elſe there is in the world. I once thought that we ſhould read—aught 
elſe. But the old copy is right. So, in King Henry VI. P. III: 

« With promiſe of his fiſter, and 4what elſe, | | 
„ To ſtrengthen and ſupport king Edward's place.” MALONE. 
5 Tama fool, 8 | | 
To wweep at what I am glad of.] This is one of thoſe touches of 
nature that diſtinguiſh Shakſpeare from all other writers. It was ne- 
ceſſary, in ſupport of the character of Miranda, to make her appear 
unconſcious that exceſs of ſorrow and exceſs of joy find alike their ro- 
lief from tears; and as this is the firſt time that conſummate pleaſure 
had made any near approaches to her heart, ſhe calls ſuch a ſeeming 
contradictory expreſſion of it, folly. 
The ſame thought occurs in Romeo and Juliet: 
„Back, fooliſh tears, back to your native ſpring ! 
&«& Your tributary drops belong to woe, 
c Which you, miſtaking, offer up to joy.” STEEVENS. 
it ſeeks—] i. e. my affection ſeeks, MaLong., 
7 I am your wife, if you will marry me, &c.] 
| Si tibi non cordi fuerant connubia noſtra, 
Attamen in yeſtras potuiſti ducere ſedes, 
Quæ tibi jucundo famularer ſerva labore; 


If 


Candida 


OO OI ˙¹—wꝛʃ ̃² IU aſe, 


T M ( HE S 59 
If not, I'll die your maid : to be your fellow * | 
You may deny me; but I'll be your ſervant, 
Whether you will or no. 
Fer. My miſtreſs, deareſt, 
And I thus humble ever. 
Mira. My huſband then ? 
Fer. Ay, with a heart as willing 
As bondage e' er of freedom: here's my hand. 
Mira. And mine, with my heart in*t9: And now fare- 
well, 
Till half an hour hence. 
Fer. A thouſand, thouſand! [ Exeunt Fer. aud Mi Re - 
Pro. So glad of this as they, J cannot be, 
Who are ſurpriz'd with all; but my rejoicing 
At nothing can be more. Vl to my book ; 
For yet, ere ſupper- time, mult I perform 
Much buſineſs appertaining. [ Exit. 


SCENE II. 
Another part of the iſland. 


Enter STEPHANO and TRINCULO; CALIBAN 
Following with a bottle. 


Ste. Tell not me ;—when the butt is out, we will drink 


Candida glee liquidis veſtigia Farbe 

8 tuum conſternens veſte cubile. 

Catul. 62. MaALoNE. 
8 your fellow. ] i. e. companion. STEEVENS. 
9 Ferd, here's my hand. 

Mira. And mine, with my Heart in't.] It is Aill cuſtomary in the 
weſt of England, when the conditions of a bargain are agreed upon, for 
the parties to ratity it by joining their hands, and at the ſame time for 
the purchaſer to give an earneſt, To this practice the pon alludes. So, 
in the Winter's Tale: 

« Ere I could make thee open thy white hand, 

«© And clap thyſelf : my love 3 then didſt thou utter 

& am your's for ever.” 

Again, in the Tao Gent. of Verena: 
« Pro. Why then we'll make exchange; here, take you this. 
« Fu. And ſeal the bargain with a holy kiſs. 
% Pro, Here is my hand for my true conſtancy,” HynLzr, 


water 


60 TE MM 27 & & T 
water ; not a drop before: therefore bear up, and board 
*em * : Servant-monſter, drink to me. 

Trin. Servant-monſter ? the folly of this iſland ! They 
fay, there's but five upon this iſle : we are three of them; 
if the other two be brain'd like us, the ſtate totters. 

Ste. Drink, ſervant-monſter, when I bid thee ; thy 
eyes are almoſt ſet in thy head. | | 

Trin. Where ſhould they be ſet elſe ; he were a brave 
- monſter indeed, if they were ſet in his tail *. 


Ste. My man-monſter hath drown'd his tongue in ſack : 


for my part, the ſea cannot drown me: I ſwam *, ere I 
could recover the ſhore, five-and-thirty leagues, off and 


on, by this light. Thou ſhalt be my lieutenant, monſter, ' 


or my ſtandard, | 
Trin. Your lieutenant, if you liſt; he's no ſtandard “. 


2 


Ste. We'll not run, monſieur monſter. 
Trin. Nor go neither: but you'll lie, like dogs; and 
yet ſay nothing neither. = 
Ste. Moon-calf, ſpeak once in thy life, if thou beeſt a 
d moon-calf. | 
Cal. How does thy honour? Let me lick thy ſhoe: I' 
mot ſerve him, he is not valiant. 


1 Bear up, and board em: ] A metaphor alluding to a chace at ſea, 
SIR J. HaAwxins. 

2 He were a brave monſter indeed, if they were ſet in bis tail.] I be- 
lieve this to be an alluſion to a ſtory that is met with in Srzowwe, and 
other writers of the time. It ſeems, in the year 1574, a whale was 
thrown a ſhore near Ramſgate. A monſtrous fiſh (ſays the chroni- 
* cler) but not ſo monſtrous as ſome reported, —for his eyes were in his 
& bead, and not in his back.” Summary, 1575, p. 562. FARMER. 

3 I ſwam, &c. ] This play was not publiſhed till 1623. Albumazar 
made its appearance in 1614, and has a paſſage relative to the eſcape of a 
failor yet more incredible. Perhaps, in both inſtances, a ſneer was 
meant at the Yoyages of Ferdinando Mendez Pinto, or the exaggerated 
accounts of other lying travellers : N 

6 five days 1 was under water; and at length 
6 Got up and ſpread myſelf upon a cheſt, 
«« Rowing with arms, and ſteering with my feet, | 
And thus in five days more got land.” Act III. ſc. v. STEzvrns. 
4 Your lieutenant, if you lift; he's no ſtandard.] Meaning, he is ſo 
much intoxicated, as not to be able to ſtand. The quibble between 
ſtandard, an enſign, and ſtandard, a fruit tree, that grows without ſup- 
port, is evident, STEEVENS. | | 


4 WD | = Thin. 


TT 3d EOS. Aa OE ne 
p n P 5 D ; FEW Nt VER 6 
cm r 8 - LITRE 8 r 0 F I; £ 
* 10 4 „een N 6 ö 8 I; * 5 
* E * 
E FEY 2 


E EM SET 6t 
Tin. Thou lieſt, moſt ignorant monſter; J am in caſe 
to juſtle a conftable: Why, thou deboſh'd 5 fiſh, thou, 
was there ever man a coward, that hath drunk fo much 
ſack as I to day? Wilt thou tell a monſtrous lie, being but 
halfa fiſh, and half a monſter ? 
Cal. Lo, how he mocks me; wilt thou let him, my lord? 
Trin. Lord, quoth he chat a monſter ſhould be ſuch 
a natural! 
Cal. Lo, lo, again: bite him to death, I pr'ythee. 
Ste. Trinculo, keep a good tongue in your head; if 
700 a 2 a mutineer, the next tree—The poor monſter's 
bje&, and he ſhall not ſuffer indignity. 
| "Cal. I thank my noble lord. Wilt thou be pleasd to 
hearken once again to the ſuit J made to thee ? 
Ste. Marry will I: kneel, and repeat it; I will ſtand, 
and ſo ſhall Trinculo. | 
Enter AR IEL, inviſible. 


Cal. As I told thee before, I am ſubject to a tyrant; a 
ſorcerer, that by his cunning has cheated me of the 


1land. 

Ari. Thou left. 

Cal. Thou lieſt, thou jeſting monkey, thous : 
I would, my valiant maſter would deſtroy thee : 
I do not he. 

Ste. Trinculo, if you trouble him any more in his tale, 
by this hand, I will ſupplant ſome of your teeth, 
. Why, I ſaid nothing. 

Ste. Mum then, and no more ;—Proceed. 

Cal. I ſay, by ſorcery he got this iſle; 

From me he got it. If thy greatneſs will 
Revenge it on a him,—for, I now, thou dar'ſt; 
But this thing dare not,. 

Ste. That's moſt certain. 

Cal. Thou ſhalt be lord of it, and I'll ſerve thee. 

Ste. How now ſhall this be compaſs'd? Canſt thou 
bring me to the party? | 
Cal. Yea, yea, my lord; I'll yield him thee aſleep, 
Where thou may'ſt knock a nail into his head. 


5 thou deboſh'd -] i. e. debauched. See Cotgrave's Pier. in v. 
MATOoR E. 


Ari. 


6² I 

Ari. Thou lieſt, thou canſt not. 

Cal. What a py'd ninny's this?? Thou ſcurvy e — 
I do beſeech thy greatneſs, give him blows, 

And take his bottle from him: when that's gone, 
He ſhall drink nought but brine; for I'll not ſhew him 
Where the quick freſhes are. 

Ste. Trinculo, run into no further danger: interrupt 
the monſter one word further, and, by this hand, I'll. - 
turn my mercy out of doors, and make a fſtock-fiſh of thee. 

Fin Why, what did I? 1 did nothing: I'll go fur- 
ther off. 

Ste. Didſt thou not ſay, he lied? 

Ari. Thou lieft. 

Ste. Do I ſo? take thou that. [ frikes him. ] As you like 
this, give me the he another time. | 

Trin. I did not give the lie: Out o' your wits, and. 
hearing too?—A pox o' your bottle! this can ſack, and 
dripking do.—A murrain on your monſter, and the devil 
take your fingers! | 

Cal. Ha, ha, ha! 

Ste. Now, forward with your chlo ythee ſtand fur- 
ther off. 

Cal. Beat him enough: after a little time, 

PH beat him too. 

Ste. Stand further. —Come, roceed. 

Cal. Why, as I told thee, tis a cuſtom with him 
I' the afternoon to ſleep: there thou may*ft brain him, 
Having firſt ſeiz'd his books; or with a log 1 
Batter his ſkull, or paunch him with a ſtake, 

Or cut his wezand with thy knife: Remember, 


© What a 8 ninny's this?] It ſhould be remember'd that Trinculs 
is no ſailor, but a jeſter, and is ſo called in the ancient dramatis 
per ſonæ; he therefore wears the party-colour'd dreſs of one of theſe 
characters. See fig. XII. in the plate annexed to the firſt part of K. 
Henry IV. and Mr. Tollet's explanation of it. STEEVENS. 

Dr. Johnſon obſerves, that Caliban could have no knowledge of the 
ſtriped coat uſually worn by fools; and would therefore transfer this 
ſpeech to Stephano . But though Caliban might not know this circum- | 
ſtance, Shakſpeare did. Surely he who has given to all countries and all 
ages the manners of his own, might forget himſelf here, as 5 well as in 
ether rer Maroxr. : 

Firſt 


TR » 63 
Firſt to poſſeſs his books, for without them 
He's but a ſot, as I am, nor hath not 
One ſpirit to command: They all do hate him, 
As rootedly as I: Burn but his books; 
He has brave utenſils, (for ſo he calls them,) 
Which, when he has a houſe, he'll deck withal. 
And that moſt deeply to conſider; is 
The beauty of his daughter; he himſelf 
Calls her a non-pareil: I never ſaw a woman, 


But only Sycorax my dam, and ſhe; 


But ſhe as far ſurpaſſeth Sycorax, 
As greateſt does leaſt. 
Ste. Is it ſo brave a laſs? | | 
Cal. Ay, lord; ſhe will becomet hy bed, I warrant, 


And bring thee forth brave brood. 


— —— Remember 
Firſt to'poſſeſs his books, for without them 
He's but a fot, as IT am, nor hath net | 
One ſpirit to command: ] In a former ſcene Proſpero ſays — 
« I'll to my book; 
« For yet, ere ſupper time, muſt I perform 
« Much buſineſs appertaining.“ 
Again, in Act V: 
And deeper than did ever plummet ſound, 
«« I'll drown my Cook.“ 
In the old romances the ſorcerer is always furniſhed with a book, by read- 
ing certain parts of which he is enabled to ſummon to his aid whatever 


7 


demons or ſpirits he has occaſion to employ. When he is deprived of 
| his book, his power ceaſes. Our author might have obſerved this cir- 


cumſtance much inſiſted on in the Orlando Innamorato of Boy ardo, (of 

which, as the Rev. Mr. Bowle informs me, the firſt three Cantos were 

tranſlated and publiſhed in 1598,) and alſo in Harrington's tranſlation of 

the Orlando Furioſo, 1591, 

„A few lines from the former of theſe works may prove the beſt illu- 

ſtration of the paſſage before us. x 
Angelica, by the aid of Argalia, having bound the enchanter Ma- 

Ia i i, . : 

28 « The damſel fearcheth forthwith in his breaſt, 

« And there the damned booke ſhe ſtraightway founde, 

«« Which circles ſtrange and ſhapes of fiendes expreſt ; 

«© No-ſooner ſhe ſome wordes therein did ſound, 

«« And opened had ſome damned leaves unbleſt, 

4 But ſpirits of th' ayre, earth, ſea, came out of hand, 

„Crying alowde, what is't you us command? Matoxx. 

Ste. 


. TEMPEST. 
Ste. Monſter, I will kill this man: his daughter and I 
will be king and queen; (fave our graces!) and Trinculo 


and thyſelf ſhall be vice-roys :—Doft thou like the plot, 


Trinculo? 


Trin. Excellent. - 
Ste. Give me thy hand; I am ſorry I beat thee: but, 
while thou liv'ſt, keep a good tongue in thy head. 
Cal. Within this half hour will he be aſleep; 
Wilt thou deſtroy him then? 
Ste. Ay, on mine honour. 
Ari. This will T tell my maſter. | 
Cal. Thou mak'ſt me merry: I am full of pleaſure; 
Let us be jocund: Will you troul the catch“ 
You taught me but while-ere ? | 
Ste. At thy requeſt, monſter, I will do reaſon, any 


reaſon: Come on, Trinculo, let us ſing. [ Sings. 
Flout em, and ſtout em; and ſtout em, and flout em; 
T hought is free. | 


Cal. 'That's not the tune. | 
Ariel plays the tune on a tabor and pipe. 
Ste. What is this ſame? : 
Trin. This is the tune of our catch, play'd by the 
picture of No- body 9. | | | 
Ste. If thou beeſt a man, ſhew thyſelf in thy likeneſs: 
if thou beeſt a devil, take't as thou liſt. 
Trin. O, forgive me my fins! 
Ste. He that dies, pays all debts: I defy thee: Mercy 
on us! 855 =; 
Cal. Art thou afeard * ? 
Ste. No, monſter, not I. 
Cal. Be not afeard; the iſle is full of noiſes, 
Sounds, and ſweet airs, that give delight, and hurt not. 


Sometimes a thouſand twangling inſtruments 


5 Vill you troul the catch,] To troul a catch, I ſuppoſe, is to diſ- 
miſs it trippingly from the tongue. STEEVENS. | 

9 This is the tune of our catch, play'd by the picture of No- body.] A 
ridiculous figure, ſometimes repreſented on ſigns. Weſtward for Smelts, 
a book which our author appears to have read, was printed for John 
Trundle in Barbican, at the fgne of the No-body, MALONE. 

I — afeard?] Thus the old copy. To affear, is an obſolete verb with 
the ſame meaning as toaffray. STEEVENS: Wb, Wal 


TEPE W TT ( 65 
Will hum about mine ears; and ſometime voices, 
That, if I then had wak'd after long ſleep, 
Will make me ſleep again: and then, in dreaming, 
The clouds, methought, would open, and ſhew riches 
Ready to drop upon me; that, when I wak'd, 
I cry'd to dream again. N 
Ste, This will prove a brave kingdom to me, where I 
ſhall have my muſick for nothing. | 
Cal. When Proſpero is deſtroy'd. 
Ste. That ſhall be by and by : I remember the ſtory. 
Trin. The ſound is going away: let's follow it, 
And after do our work. 
Ste. Lead, monſter ; we'll follow, -I wou'd I could 
ſee this taborer: he lays it on. 
Trin. Wilt come? I'II follow, Stephano®. [ Exeunt. 


S CE NE a; 
Another part of the iſland. 


Enter ALonso, SEBASTIAN, Ax T HORN IO, Gonzalo, 
Ap RIAN, FRANCISCO, and Others. i 


Gon. By'r lakin 3, I can go no further, Sir; 
My old bones ache: here's a maze trod, indeed, 
Through forth-rights, and meanders! by your patience, 
I needs muſt reſt me. | 

Alon. Old lord, I cannot blame thee, 
Who am myſelf attach'd with wearineſs, 
To the dulling of my ſpirits: fit down, and reſt, 
Even here I will put of my hope, and keep it 
No longer for my flatterer: he is drown'd, | 
Whom thus we ſtray to find; and the ſea mocks 
Our fruſtrate ſearch on land: Well, let him go. 

Ant. I am right glad that he's ſo out of hope. 

Ea ce [Aide to Sebaſtian. 


2 Wilt come? I'll follow, Stephano.] The words Wilt come are, I be- 
lieve, addreſſed to Stephano, whe, from a defire to ſee the “ taborer,” 
lingers behind, Will you come, or not (ſays Trinculo) ? If you will not, 
Pi foll;ww Caliban without you. MaLoNE. 7 

3 By'r lakin,—] i. e. The diminutive. only of our lady, i. e. 
ladykin. SrEEVENS. 


Vor. I. 1 5 Do 


66 K ee 


Do not, for one repulſe, forego the pargeſs 
That you reſolv'd to effect. 


Seb. The next advantage 
Will we take throughly. 
Ant. Let it be to-night ; 
For, now they are oppreſs'd with travail, they 
Will not, nor cannot, uſe ſuch vigilance 
As when they are freſh. 
Seb. I ſay, to-night: no more. 


Solemn and firange muſich; and Proſpero hi invif le. 
Enter ſeveral ftrange Sha _ bringing in a banguet they 
dance about it with gentle actions of ſalutation; and, in- 
viting the king, Cc. to eat, they depart. 


Alon, What harmony is this? my good friends, hark! 
Gon. Marvellous ſweet muſick ! 
Alon. Give us kind keepers, heavens! What were theſe? 
Seb. A living drollery +: Now I will believe, 
That there are unicorns ; that, in Arabia. 
There is one tree, the phoenix” throne 5; one phcenix 
At this hour reigning there. 
Ant. I'll believe both; | 
And what does elſe want credit; come to me, | 
And I'll be ſworn *tis true: Travellers ne'er 2 lie, 


Though fools at home condemn them. 


Gon. If in Naples 


I ſhould report this now, would they believe me? 


4 A living drollery:— ] i. e. A drollery not repreſented by wooden 
machines, but by perſonages who are alive. MALONE. 

Shows, called dro/leries, were in Shakſpeare's time performed by pup- 
pets only. From theſe our modern drolls, exhibited at fairs, &c. took 
their name. STEEVENS. 

5 one free, the phæn thronex* ;] So again, in one of our author's 
Poems, p. 732, edit. 1778 : 

s Let the bird of loudeſt lay, | 
« On the ſole Arabian tree, &c.” Mar onr. 

For this idea our author might have been indebted to Phil. Holland's 
Tranſlation of Pliny, b. XIII. chap. 4. I myſelf verily have heard 
« ftraunge things of this kind of tree; and namely in regard of the 
ce bird Phenix, which is ſuppoſed to have taken that name of this 
«& date tree [called in Greek qow:f]; for it was aſſured unto me, 
& that the ſaid bird died with that tree, and revived of itſelfe as the tree 
6 ſprung again.” STEEVENSe 

If 


4 


| N T 67 
If I ſhould fay, I ſaw ſuch iſlanders 6, 
(For, certes 7, theſe are people of the iſland,) 
Who, though they are of monſtrous ſhape, yet, note, 
Their manners are more gentle, kind, than of 
Our human generation you ſhall fin 
Many, nay, almoſt an. 
Pro. Honeſt lord, 
Thou haſt ſaid well; for ſome of you there preſent 
Are worſe than devils. | [A/ede. 
Alon. I cannot too much muſe *, 
Such ſhapes, ſuch geſture, and ſuch ſound, expreſſing 
(Although they want the uſe of tongue) a kind 
Of excellent dumb diſcourſe. 
Pro. Praiſe in departing ? . [ 4/fde. 
Fran. They vaniſh'd ſtrangely. 
Seb. No matter, ſince 
They have left their viands behind; for we have ſtomachs.— 
Will't pleaſe you taſte of what is here? 
Alon. Not I. | 
Gon. Faith, fir, you need not fear: When we were boys, 
Who would believe that there were mountaineers *, + 
Dew-lapp*d like bulls, whoſe throats had hanging at em 
Wallets of fleſh? or that there were ſuch men, | 
Whoſe heads flood in their breaſts ?? which now we find, . 
| Each 
6 —ſuch iſlanders,] The old copy has iandt.. The emendation 
was made by the editor of the ſecond felio. Marone. 8 
7 For — Certes is an obſolete word, ſignifying certainly. STE Ev. 
8 —muſe,] To muſe, in ancient language, is to admire. STEEVENS. 
9 Praiſe in e i. e. Do not praiſe your entertainment too ſoon, 
leſt you ſhould have reaſon to retract your commendation. It is a prover- 
bial ſaying. STEEVENS., 1 
1 —that there were mountaineers, &c.] Whoever is curious to know 
the particulars relating to theſe mountaineers may conſult Maundeville's 
Travels, printed in 1503, by Wynken de Worde; but it is yet a known 
truth that the inhabitants of the Alps have been long accuſtom'd to ſuch 
excreſcences or tumours. | 
Quis tumidum guttur miratur in Apibus? STEEVENS, 


Whoſe beads flood in their breaſts?] Our author might have had 
this intelligence likewiſe from the tranflation of Pliny, B. V. chap. 8: 
«© The Blemmyi, by report, have no heads, but mouth and eies both in 
their breaſts,” STEEVERNS. | | 
| F2 | « Or 


68 TR Mr E S8 f. 


Each putter- out on five for one 3, will bring us 
Good warrant of. | 

Alon. I will ſtand to, and feed, 
Although my laſt: — no matter ſince I feel 
The beſt is paſt :—Brother, my lord the duke, 
Stand to, and do as we. 


Thunder and lightning. Enter AR1EL, like a barpy *; claps 
his wings upon the table, and, with a quaint device, the 
Banquet vaniſhes. 


Ari. You are three men of ſin, whom deſtiny 
(That hath to inſtrument this lower world 5, And 


Or he might have had it from Hackluyt's Voyages, 1598: „On that 
cc branch which is called Caora are a nation of people, whoſe heads appear not 
cc above their ſhoulders. They are reported to have their eyes in their 
& ſhoulders, and their mouths in the middle of their breaſts.” Marone. 

3 Each putter-out on five for one, &c.] The old copy reads—of five 
for one. The emendation was made by Mr. Theobald. Perhaps it 
ought rather to be corrected by only tranſpoſing the words: Each putter 


= 


out of one for five. So, in the Scourge of Folly, by John Davies, of 


Hereford, printed about 1611: 
& Sir Solus ſtraight will travel, as they ſay, : 
« Andgives out one for three, when home comes he.” MAL ONE. 

The ancient cuſtom here alluded to was this. In this age of travel- 
ling, it was cuſtomary for thoſe who engaged in long expeditions to 
place out a ſum of money, on condition of receiving great intereſt for it at 
their return home. So Puntarvolo (it is Theobald's quotation) in Ben 
Jonſon's Every Man out of bis Humour: I do intend, this year of ju- 
ec bilee coming on, to travel; and (becauſe I will not altogether go 
cc upon expence) J am determined to put forth ſome five thouſand pound, 
cc to be paid me five for one, upon the return of my wife, myſelf, and 
c my dog, from the Turk's court in Conſtantinople,” STEEvEns. 

It appears from Moryſon's IT IN ERARY, 1617, Part I. p. 198, 
that this cuſtom of giving out money upon theſe adventures was firſt 
uſed in court, and among noblemen 3” and that ſome years before his 
book was publiſhed, „ bankerouts, ſtage-players, and men of baſe con- 

dition had drawn it into contempt,” by ' undertaking journeys merely 
for gain upon their return. MAL ONE. ; 

4 Enter Ariel, like a harpy ; &c.] Milton's Par. Reg. B. II. 

tc with that | 

ce Both table and proviſions vaniſh'd quite, | 5 

cc With ſound of harpies' wings, and talons heard,” 

At ſubite borrifico lapſu de montibus adſunt 

Harpyiæ, & magnis 8 clangoribus a. as, 

Diripiuntque dapes. Virg. En. iii. STEEVENS. 

s Thot bath ta inflrument this lower world, &c. ] i. e. that makes uſe 
| of 


11 n e Ny 
eee, ee e ee nu 


| T-E M O T7. 69 
And what is in't,) the never- ſurfeited ſea 
Hath cauſed to belch upꝰ; and on this ifland 
Where man doth not inhabit ; you mongſt men 
Being moſt unfit to live. I have made you mad; 
| [ /ceing Alonſo, Sebaſtian, Wc. draw their feords. 
And even with ſuch like valour men hang and drown 
Their proper ſelves. You fools! I and my fellows 
Are miniſters of fate; the elements | 
Of whom your ſwords are temper'd, may as well 
Wound the loud winds, or with bemock'd-at ſtabs 
Kill the ſtill-cloſing waters, as diminiſh 
One dowle that's in my plume 7 ; my fellow-miniſters 
Are like invulnerable : if you could hurt, 
Your ſwords are now too maſly for your ſtrengths, 
And will not be uplifted : But, remember, 
(For that's my buſineſs to you,) that you three 
From Milan did ſupplant good Proſpero; 
Expos'd unto the ſea, which hath requit it, 
Him, and his innocent child : for which foul deed 
The powers, delaying, not forgetting, have 
Incens'd the ſeas and ſhores, yea, all the creatures, 
Againſt your peace: Thee, of thy ſon, Alonſo, 
They have bereft ; and do pronounce by me, 
Ling'ring perdition (worſe than any death 
Can be at once, ) ſhall ſtep by ſtep attend 
You, and your ways ; whoſe wraths to guard you from 
(Which here, in this moſt deſolate ifle, elſe falls 


Upon your heads,) is nothing, but heart's ſorrow, 


And a clear life enſuing *. 
| . He 
of this world, and every thing in it, as its iſruments, to bring about its 
ends. STEEVENS» . . 
6 Harb cauſed to belch up;] The old copy readg—to belch up you. 
Corrected by Mr. Theobald, MALONE. | 
7 One dowle that's in my plume ;] Bailey, in his Dictionary, ſays that 
donwle is a feather, or rather the fingle particles of the down. STEEVENS. 
Cole, in his Latin Diet. 1670, interprets © young dowwle” by © lanugg.” 
The old copy reads—in my plambe. Corrected by Mr. Rowe. MALONE. 
8 * mis nothing, but heart's ſorrow, | 
And a clear life enſuing. | The meaning, which is ſomewhat ob- 


ſcured by the expreſſion, is,— miſerable fate, which nothing but contri- 


tion and amendment of life can avert, MAl. oN E. 


Er r 
lp 


i 
"4 
4] 
j 
[1 
i 


found, JonNsON. 


70 TE MP B 8 T. 


He waniſhes in thunder: then to ſoft mufich, enter the Shapes 


again, and dance with mops and mowes ?, and carry out. 


the table. 


Pro. [ Aſide.] Bravely the figure of this harpy haſt thou 
Perform'd, my Ariel; a grace it had, devouring ; 
Of my inſtruction haſt thou nothing *bated, 

In what thou hadſt to ſay: ſo, with, good life ”, 

And obſervation ſtrange, my meaner minifters 

Their ſeveral kinds have done: my high charms work, 
And theſe, mine enemies, are all knit up 8 8 

In 155 diſtractions: they now are in my power; 

And in theſe fits I leave them, whilſt I viſit 

Young Ferdinand, (whom they ſuppoſe is drown'd,) 
And his and my lov'd darling. [ Exit PRO. from abowe. 

Gon. I' the name of ſomething holy, ſir, why ſtand you 
In this ſtrange ſtare? | Hs 

Alon. O, it is monſtrous ! monſtrous! 

Methought, the billows ſpoke, and told me of it ; 
The winds did ſing it to me; and the thunder, 
That deep and dreadful organ-pipe, pronounc'd 
The name of Proſper ; it did baſs my treſpaſs *. 
Therefore my ſon 1'th the ooze is bedded ; and 
PII ſeek him deeper than e' er plummet ſounded, 


And with him there lie mudded. [Exit. 


Seb. But one fiend at a time, 


clear life] Pure, blameleſs, innocert. Jon x sow. 

So in Timon: roots, you clear heavens.” STEEVENS. - 

9 vitb mops and mowes, ] So, in K. Lear: ** —and Flibbertigibbet 
of mopping and mowing.” To mop and to mewe ſeems to have the ſame 
meaning, 1. e. to make mouths or wry faces, STEEVENS, 

The old copy, by a manifeſt error of the preſs, reads—with mocks. See 
p- 73+ Penult.—““ Will be here with meß and mowe.” MALON E. cn 

I =—with good life,] With gocd life may mean, with exact preſen:ation 


of ther ſeveral characters, with obſervation ftrange of their particular and 


diſtinct parts. So we ſay, he ated to the 758 oHN SON. | 
Life ſeems to be uſed in the chorus to the fifth act of X. Henry V. 
with ſome meaning like that wanted to explain the approbation of 
Proſper : S's „ 
© Which cannot in their huge and proper /ife 
c Be here preſented.” STEEVENS. | 
2 —baſs my treſpaſs. ] The deep pipe told it me in q rough baſs 


=)! 


8 
jos 

N 
EIN 
5 
* 47 
FM 
[2 00 
8 
ON. 
3 
N 


£4, 


5 


TE M EE 2» 


I' fight their legions o'er, 


Ant. I'll be thy ſecond. [Exeunt SEB. and ANT. 
Gon. All three of them are deſperate; their great guilt, 
Like poiſon given to work a great time after 3, 
Now gins to bite the ſpirits :—I do beſeech you 
That are of ſuppler joints, follow them ſwiftly, 
And hinder them from what this ecſtaſy . 


May now provoke them to. 


Aari. Follow, I pray you. [I[Exeunt. 


as . S 


ACT 
Before Proſpero's Cell. 
Enter PROSs PE RO, FERDINAND, and MIR AN DA. 


Pro. If I have too auſterely puniſh'd you, 
Vour compenſation makes amends; for | 
Have given you here a third of mine own life 5, 
Or that for which I live; whom once again | 
J tender to thy hand: all thy vexations 
Were but my trials of thy love, and thou 5 

ä Eos Td . 

3 Like poiſon given ee Wee natives of Africa have been ſuppoſed to 
be poſſeſſed of the ſecret how to temper-poiſons with ſuch art as not to 
operate till ſeveral years after they were adminiſtered, and were then as 
certain in their effect, as they were ſubtle in their preparation. STEEVENS, 
4 —this ecſtacy ] Ecflacy meant not anciently, as at preſent, rapturous 
pleaſure, but alienation of mind. Mr. Locke has not inelegantly ſtiled 


it dreaming with our eyes pen. STEEVENS. 
5 —a third of mine own life,] The word thread was formerly ſpelt 


third, as appears from the following paſſage: 


cc Long maiſt thou live, and when the ſiſters ſhall decree 

«© To cut in twaine the twiſted third of life, 
„c Then let him die, c.“ 
See comedy of Mucedcrus, 1619. ſignat. e. 3. Hawkins. e 

The late Mr. Hawkins has properly obſerved that the word thread was 

anciently ſpelt :hird. The following quotation ſhould ſeem to place the 
meaning beyond all diſpute.. In 8 a comedy, 1529, is this 
paſſage: © —one of worldly ſhame's children, of his countenaunce, and 


«© THREDE of his body.” STEEVENS, © - | 
Again, in Tancred and Giſmund, a tragedy, 1592, Tancred, ſpeaking 

ef his intention to kill his daughter, ſays, . : 9 8 : 
F 4 cc Againſt 


2 A E MP R $ . 


7 
Haſt ſtrangely ſtood the teſt s: here afore Heaven, 
I ratify this my rich gift: O F erdinand, 
Do not ſmile at me, that J boaſt her off, 
For thou ſhalt find ſhe will outſtrip all praiſe, 
And make it halt behind her. 
Fer. I do believe it, 
Againſt an oracle. 
Pro. Then, as my gift „and thine own acquiſition 
Worthily purchas'd, take my daughter: But 
Tf thou doſt break her virgin Knot | before 
All ſanctimonious ceremonies * may * 
With full and holy rite be miniſter'd, 
No ſweet aſperſion ? ſhall the Heavens let fall 
To make this contract grow ; but barren hate, 


ec Againſt all 85 of kinde, to ſhed in twaine 

e golden threede that doth us both maintain. 

r. Tollet was of opinion that « a third of my own life” here ſig- 
nifies a fibre or part of my own life: «© Proſpero (he adds) conſiders him- 
ſelf as the ftock or parent tree, and his daughter a fibre or portion of him- 
ſelf, and for whoſe benefit he himſelf lives. In this ſenſe the word is uſed 


in Markham s Engliſh Huſbandman, edit. 1635, p. 146.” MALON E. 


© —ſtrangely ſtocd the teſt : | Strangely is uſed by way of commendation, 
merveilleuſement, to a wonder z the ſenſe is the ſame in che foregoing ſcene, 
with obſervation ſtrange. JOHNSON. | 
my gift,] My gueſt, firft felio. Jonxsox. 
The emendation is Mr. Rowe's. Gueſte and Guifie, as they were 
anciently written, were eaſily confounded. MAT ONE. 
8 If thou doſt break her virgin knot before 
All ſanctimonious ceremonies & c.] I his, and the paſſage i in Peri- 
cles, Prince of Tyre, 5 
«« Untide I ſtill my virgin knot will keepe,” 
are manifeſt alluſions to the zones of the ancients, which were worn 


as guardians of chaſtity by marriageable young women, Puellz, con- 


tra, nondum viripotentes, hujuſmodi zonis non utebantur : quod vi- 
delicet immaturis virgunculis nullum, aut certe minimum, a corrup- 
toribus periculum immineret: quas propterca vocabant afurgec, nempe 
diſcintas. There is a paſſage in NonNvs, eh will aner 
illuſtrate Proſpero 8 expteſſion. | 
Ke 27 85 ne Layer va ar & Ago ieee 
At@Tdv a TvAniToO pub 4 T0ga A Ailene 
Seidoprrm mandy wir ragdον vrvO- i deen. HENLEY» 
9 No feeet aſperfion—] Aſperſion is here uſed in its primitive ſenſe of 


| r. At preſent it is expreſſive only of calumny and detraction. 
STEEVENS. 


Sour- 


pe” ET LIEN 8 l . 25 tha at 2 * 8 : 


Squr-ey*d diſdain, and diſcord, ſhall beftrew 
The union of your bed with weeds ſo loathly, | 
That you ſhall hate it both: therefore, take heed, 
As Hymen's lamps ſhall light you. 

Fer. As I hope | 

For quiet days, fair iſſue, and long life, 
With ſuch love as *tis now ; the murkieſt den, 
The moſt opportune place, the ftrong'ſt ſuggeſtion | 
Our worſer Genius can, ſhall never melt | 
Mine honour into luſt ; to take away 
The edge of that day's celebration, 
When I ſhall think, or Phœbus' ſteeds are founder'd, 
Or night kept chain'd below. . 
Pro. Fairly ſpoke : | 
Sit then, and talk with her, ſhe is thine own. 
What, Ariel; my induſtrious ſervant Ariel! 


Enter ARIEL. 


Ari. What would my potent maſter ? here I am. 
Pro. Thou and thy meaner fellows your laſt ſervice 
Did worthily perform ; and I muſt uſe you 
In ſuch another trick: go, bring the rabble , 
O'er whom I give thee power, here, to this place: 
Incite them to quick motion; for I muſt 
Beſtow upon the eyes of this young couple 
Some vanity of mine art; it is my promiſe, 
And they expect it from me. oh 
Ari. Preſently ? 
Pro. Ay, with a twink. 
Ari. Before you can ſay, Come, and go, 
And breathe twice; and cry, /e, /o; 
Each one, tripping on his toe *, 
Will be here with mop and mowe: 
Do you love me, maſter ? no. | 


T the rabble,] The crew of meaner ſpirits. JokxsoOoN. 
2 — Come, and go, | 
Each one, tripping on his toe, ] So Milton: 
« Come, and trip it as you go 
6 On the light fantaſtick toe.” STEEVENS. 


Pro. 


{ 
{ 


8 
Pro. Dearly, my delicate Ariel: Do not approach, 
Till thou doſt hear me call. 


Ari. Well, I conceive. | | | [Exits 
Pro. Look, thou be true; do not give dalliance 

Too much the rein; the ſtrongeſt oaths are ſtraw 

To the fire the blood: be more abſtemious, 

Or elſe, good night, your yow:! dh 


Fer. I warrant you, fir; 
'The white cold virgin ſnow upon my heart 
Abates the ardour of my liver. 
Pro. Well — | 1 
Now come, my Ariel; bring a corollary “, 
Rather than want a ſpirit; appear, and pertly.— 
No tongue !; all eyes; be ſilent. [Soft mufecks 


A Maſque. Enter Ia1s. 


Iris. Ceres, moſt bounteous lady, thy rich leas 
Of wheat, rye, barley, vetches, oats, and peaſe; 
Thy turfy mountains, where live nibbling ſheep, 

And flat meads thatch'd with ftover 5, them to keep; 
Thy banks with pionied and twilled brims , | 


Which 


3 —bring a corollary, ] That is, bring more than are ſufficient, rather 
than fail for want of numbers. Corollary means ſurplus. Corolaire, Fr. 
See Cotgrave's Dictionary, STEEVENS. 

4 No tongue;] Thoſe who are preſent at incantations-are obliged to 
be ſtrictly filent; „ elſe,” as we are afterwards told, „ the ſpell is 
marred.” JokNs ON. c | 

5 —thatch'd with ſtover, ] Eſtovers is generally ufed by law writers 
for an allowance of wood to be taken off another man's eſtate. In this 
ſenſe Sir William Blackſtone ſuppoſes it to be derived from the French 
word efoffer, to furniſh, But it likewiſe ſometimes ſignifies nouriſh- 
ment, or maintenance, in which ſenſe Cowel derives it from eflowver, 
fovere.—From Cole's Engliſh Dictionary 8ve. 1717, it appears that the 
word flower was then uſed in Eſſex; and fignified ( fodder' for cattle ;* 
the preciſe ſenſe wanted here, being equally applicable to the preceding 
word © thateh' d, and to the ſubſequent part of the line. It probably 
has the ſame fignification in Warwickſhire MaxoNE. - 

6 Thy banks with pionied, and tewvilled: brims, ] The old edition reads 


| pioned and twilled brims, which gave rife to Mr. Holt's conjecture, that 


the poet originally wrote, . 
—— ib pioned and tilled brims. 


Spenſer 


T RE M N 1% on 


Which ſpungy April at thy heſt betrims, 

To make cold nymphs chaſte crowns; and thy broom 
roves 7, | 

Whoſe ſhadow the diſmiſſed bachelor loves, 

Being laſs-lorg * ; thy pole-clipt vineyard 9; 

And thy ſea-marge, ſteril, and rocky-hard, _ 

Where thou thyſelf doſt air: The queen o' the ſky, 

Whoſe watery arch, and meſſenger, am 1, | 

Bids thee leave theſe ; and with her ſovereign grace, 

Here on this graſs-plot, in this very place, 

To come and ſport : her peacocks fly àmain; 

Approach, rich Ceres, her to entertain. 


| Enter CERES. 
Cer. Hail, many-colour'd meſſenger, that ne'er 


Spenſer and the author of Mu leaſſes the Turk, a tragedy, 1610, uſe 
pioning for digging. It is nor, therefore, difficult to find a meaning for the 
word as it ſtands in the old copy; and remove a letter from tæuilled, and it 
leaves us ri/led, Iam yet, however, in doubt whether we ought not to 
read lillied brims; for Pliny, B. XXVI, ch. x. mentions the water- lilly 
as a preſerver of chaſtity. | | | 

In the 2oth ſong of Drayton's Prly:/5ion, the Naiades are repreſented 
as making chaplets with all the tribe of aquatick flowers; and Mr. Tol- 
let informs me that Lyte's Herbal ſays, „ one kind of peonie is called by 
« ſome, maiden, or virgin peonie.“ | 

In Ovid's Banquet of Senſe, by Chapman, 1595, twill pants are enu- 
merated among flowers. 

I will be the ancient name of any flower, the preſent reading, Pio- 
nied and tilled may uncontrovertibly ſtand, SEEVENS. 

Pionied is the emendation of Sir Thomas Hanmer. MALONE. 

7 —and thy broom. groves, ] A grove of broom, I-believe, was never 
heard of, as it is a low ſhrub, and not a tree. Hanmer reads brosun 
groves: STEEVENS. | 

_ Diſappointed lovers are ſtill ſaid to wear the willoav, and in theſe 
lines broom. groves are aſſigned to that unfortunate tribe for a retreat. 


This may allude to ſome old cuſtom. We ſtill ſay that a huſband hangs out 


the broom when his wife goes from home for a ſhort time ; and on ſuch 
occaſions a broom beſom has been exhibited, as a fignal that the houſe 


was freed from uxorial reſtraint, and where the maſter might be conſi- 


dered as a temporary bachelor. Broom grove may ſignify broom 9uſhes. 
See Graua, in Cowel's Law Dit, ToLLET. 
s Being laſs-lorn ;] i. e. Forſaken of his miſtreſs. STEEVENS. 
ty pole-clipt vineyard, ] To clip is to twwine round or embrace. The 
poles are clipt or embraced by the vines. STEEVENS. 
Doſt 


76 T E M ⏑⏑ · 


Doft diſobey the wife of Jupiter; 
Who, with thy ſaffron wings, upon my flowers 
Diffuſeſt honey drops, refreſhing ſhowers ; 
And with each end of thy blue bow doſt crown _. 
My boſky acres *, and my unſhrubb'd down, | 
Rich ſcarf to my proud earth; Why hath thy queen 
Summon'd me hither, to this ſhort-graſs'd green *? 
Tris. A contract of true love to celebrate; | 
And ſome donation freely to eſtate 
On the bleſs'd lovers. 
Cer. Tell me, heavenly bow, 
If Venus, or her fon, as thou doſt know, 
Do now attend the queen ? fince they did plot 
The means, that duſky Dis my daughter got, 
Her and her blind boy's ſcandal'd company 
I have forſworn. 
Tris. Ofher ſociety 
Be not afraid: I met her deity ; 
Cutting the clouds towards Paphos ; and her ſon 
Dove-drawn with her : here thought they to have done 
Some wanton charm upon this man and maid, 
Whoſe vows are, that no bed-rite ſhall be paid 
Till Hymen's torch be lighted : but in vain ; 
Marſes hot minion is return'd again; 
Her waſpiſh-headed fon has broke his arrows, 
Swears he will ſhoot no more, but play with ſparrows, 
And be a boy right out. 
Cer. Higheſt queen of ſtate, 
Great Juno comes; I know her by her gait 3. 


z My boſky acres,] Boſty is woody, Boſquet, Fr. STEEVENS. 
2 ſhort-graſs'd green ? ] The old copy has—ſhort-gras'd. The omiſ- 


fion of the ſecond s was probably owing to the careleſſneſs of the tran- 


ſcriber. MaLoNnE. 


3 Higheſt queen of ftate, | 
Great Funs comes; I know ber by ber gait.] So, in the Arraign- 


| ment of Paris : 


& Firſt ſtatelie Juno, with her porte and grace.” STEVENS. 
Higheſt queen of ftate,] Sir John Harrington has likewiſe uſed this 
word as one ſyllable: 
„Thus ſaid the 55 /, and then there did enfew—"", 
| Orlando Fur, B. 29. St. za. Marone. 


Enter 


CCC * 
SIS A 4s, - 


V 
r r 4 
CWT 


FT W Tf. I 77 
Euter Ju No. 
Jux. How does my bounteous ſiſter? Go with me, 


To bleſs this twain, that they may proſperous be, 


And honour'd in their iſſue. 
8 MM 0. 
Jun. Honour, riches, marriage-bleſſing, 
Long continuance, and increaſing, 
Hourly joys be ſtill upon you ! 
Juno fengs her bleſſings on you. 
Cer. Earth's increaſe, and foiſon plenty“; 
Barns, and garners never empty; 
Vines, with clufi” ring bunches growings 
Plants, with goodly burden bowing z 
Spring come to you, at the fartheſt, 
In the very end of harveſt ! 
 Scarcity, and want, ſhall ſhun you; 
Ceres“ bleſſing jo is on you. 


Fer. This is a moſt majeſtick viſion, and 
Harmonious charmingly 5 : May I be bold 
To think theſe ſpirits ? | 
Pro. Spirits, which by mine art 
I have from their confines call'd to enact 
My preſent fancies. 
Fer. Let me live here ever; 
So rare a wonder'd father, and a wife, 
Make this place paradiſe. 
Juno and Ceres whiſper, and ſend Iris on employment. 


Pro. Sweet now, filence : 
Juno and Ceres whiſper ſeriouſly ; | 
here's ſomething elſe to do: huſh, and be mute, 


4 Earth's increaſe, and foiſon plenty; &c. ] Theſe, as well as the forego- 
ing lines, arc in the old copy given to Juno. Mr. Theobald made the 
alteration. And is not in that copy. It was added by the editor of the 
ſecond folio, Earth's increaſe, is the produce of the earth. The expreſſion 
is ſcriptural : e Then ſhall the earth bring forth her increaſe, and God, 
even our God, ſhall give us his b.effing.” PSALM 679. MATLONE. 

Foiſon plenty is plenty to the utmoſt abundance. See p. 40. n. 6. STE. 
_ 5 Harmonious charmingly :] i. e. charmingly harmonious. A fimilar 
inverſion occurs in A Midſummer Night's Dream: | 

But miſerable maſt to live unlov'd.” MALONEs 


Or 


j 
4 
. 
15 
b 
ö 
1 
; 
| 
! 


U 

| 

is 

1 

if 
of 

t 

81 4 

[ p 


— — — — 
a —— 
= =_ 

4 - 


78 TEM Ä 
Or elſe our ſpell is marr'd. 
Tris. You nymphs, call'd Naiads, of the and ring 
brooks ©, 
With your ſedg'd crowns, and ever:harmief looks, 
Leave your criſp channels“, and on this green land 


Anſwer your ſummons ; Juno does command: 
Come, temperate nymphs, and help to celebrate 


A contract of true love; be not too late. 


Enter certain Nymphs. ö 
You ſun-burn'd ſicklemen, of Auguſt weary, = 


Come hither from the furrow, and be merry ; 2 
Make holy-day : your rye-ſtraw hats put on, | . 


And theſe freſh nymphs encounter every one 
In country footing. 


Enter certain Reapers, properly habited : they join with the 
nymphs in a graceful dance; towards the end whereof 
Proſpero farts ſuddenly, and ſpeaks ; after which, to a 
ftrange, hollow, and confuſed noiſe, they heavily 16. 


Pro. I had forgot that foul conſpiracy 8 de. 
Of the beaſt Caliban, and his confederates, 
Againſt my life; the minute of their plot 
Is almoſt come. [ro the ſpirits.] Well done; avoid; no 
more. 
Fer. 'This is ftrange : your father's in ſome paſſion, 
That works him ſtrongly. 
Mira. Never till this day, 
Saw I him touch'd with anger fo diſtemper'd. 
Pro. You do look, my ſon, in a mov'd ſort, 
As if you were diſmay'd : be chearful, fir : 
Our revels now are ended: theſe our ors , 


6 wand'ring brooks, ] The old copy reads—wvindring. Corrected by 
Mr. Steevens. MarLone, 

7 Leave your eriſp channels,] Criſp, Ii. e. curling, winding. Lat. 
eriſpus. So in Hen. IV. Part J. act 1. fc. iv. Hotſpur, . 88 of 
the river Severn: 

c And hid his criſped head in the hollow bank.“ 

Criſp, however, may allude to the little wave or curl (as it is com- 

monly called) that the gentleſt Wine occaſions on the ſurface of waters. 
STEEVENS. 


As 


As 1 foretold you, were all ſpirits, and 
Are melted into air, into thin air : 
And, like the baſeleſs fabrick of this viſion *, 
The cloud-capt towers, the gorgeous palaces, 
The ſolemn temples, the great globe itſelf, 
Yea, all which it inherit“, ſhall diffolve ; 
And, like this inſubſtantial pageant faded, 
Leave 

8 And, like the baſeleſs fabrick f this viſion, &c.] The exact period 
at which this play was produced is unknown : It was not, however, 
publiſhed before 1623. In the year 1603, the Tragedy of Darius, by 
Lord Sterline, made its appearance, and there I find the following 

aſſage: ö 
: 40 Let greatneſs of her glaſſy ſcepters vaunt, 

Not ſcepters, no, but reeds, ſoon bruis'd, ſoon broken 

C And let this worldly pomp our wits enchant, 
cc All fades, and ſcarcely leaves behind a token. 

cc Thoſe golden palaces, thoſe gorgeous halls, 
« With furniture ſuperfluouſly fair, 

« Thoſe ſtately courts, thoſe ſky-encount'ring walls, 
6 Evaniſh all like vapours in the air.“ 

Lord Sterline's play muſt have been written before the death of queen 
Elizabeth, (which happen'd on the 24th of March 1603) as it is dedi- 
cated to James VI. King of Scots. 

Whoever thould ſeek for this paſſage (as here quoted from the 4to, 
1603) in the folio edition, 1637, will be diſappointed, as Lord Sterline 
made conſiderable changes in all his plays, after their firſt publication. 

| 8 STEEVENS, 

9 — all which it inherit,] i. e. all who poſſeſs, wha dwell upon it, 
So, in the Tao Gentlemen of Verona: 

«© This, or elſe nothing, will inberit her.” MaLtonE. 

1 And, like this inſubſtantial pageant faded, ] Faded means here —hav- 

ing vaniſhed ; from the Latin, vado. So, in Hamlet: 
« It faded on the crowing of the cock.“ 

To feel the juſtice of this compariſon, and the propriety of the epithet, 
the nature of thefe exhibitions ſhould be remembered. The ancient 
Engliſh pageants were ſhows exhibited on the reception of a prince, or 
any other ſolemnity of a ſimilar kind. They were preſented on. occa- 
fional ſtages erected in the ſtreets. Originally they appear to have been 
nothing more than dumb ſhows z but before the time of our author, they 
had been enlivened by the introduction of ſpeaking perſonages, who were 
characteriſtically habited. The ſpeeches were ſometimes in verſe ; and as 
the proceſſion moved forward, the ſpeakers, who conftantly bore ſome 
alluſion to the ceremony, either converſed together in the form of a dia- 
logue, or. addreſſed the noble perſon whoſe preſence occafioned the cele- 
brity. On theſe allegorical ſpectacles very coſtly ornaments were be- 


owed. See Fabian, II. 382. Warton's Hiſt. of Poet. II. 199. 20a. 
| | | The 


vs 


80 VVV 
Leave not a rack behind *: We are ſuch ſtuff 90 
As dreams are made on *, and our little life 
Is rounded with a ſleep.—vir, I am vex'd ; 
Bear with my weakneſs ; my old brain is troubled. 
Be not difturb*d with my infirmity : | 
If thou be pleas'd, retire into my cell, 
And there repoſe; a turn or two I'll walk, 
To ſtill my beating mind. | 
| | Fer. 
The well-known lines before us may receive ſome illuftration from 
Stowe's account of - the pageants exhibited in the year 1604, (not very 
Jong before this play was written,) on King James, his Queen &c. 
paſling triumphantly from the Tower to Weſtminſter 3 on which oc- 
cafion ſeven Gates or Arches were erected in difterent places through 
which the proceſſion paſſed.— Over the firſt gate ©* was repreſented the 
< true likeneſs of all the notable houſes, Towers and ſteeples, within 
cc the citie of London.” % The fixt arche or gate of triumph was 
c erected above the Conduit in Fleete-Streete, whereon the GLOBE 
c of the world was ſeen to move, &c. At Temple- bar a ſeaventh'arche 
cc or gate was ereCted, the forefront whereof was proportioned in every 
6s reſpe& like a TEMPLE, being dedicated to Janus, &c.— The citie 
& of Weſtminſter, and dytchy of Lancaſter, at the Strand had erected 
ce the invention of a Rainbow, the moone, ſunne, and ſtarres, ad- 
& vanced between two Pyramides, &c. ANNALS, p. 1429, edit. 
1605, MaLoNnEe. 8 | . 
2 Leave not a rack behind :] Rack is generally uſed by our ancient 


| writers for a body of clouds failing along; or rather for the courſe of the 


clouds when in motion. So, in Antony and Cleopatra: 
cc That which is now a horſe, even with a thought 
The rack diſlimns,”? 

But no inſtance has yet been produced, where it is uſed to ſignify a 
fingle ſmall fleeting cloud, in which ſenſe only it can be figuratively ap- 
plied here. I incline, therefore, to Sir Thomas Hanmer's emendation, 
though I have not diſturbed the text. MarLonr, 

Sir T. H. inſtead of rack, reads track, which may be ſupported by 
the following paſſage in the firſt ſcene of Timon of Athens : 

« But flies an eagle flight, bold, and forth on, 

& Leaving no tract behind.” STEEVENS., 

3 AMe are ſuch ftuff | 5 

At dreams are made on, ] I would willingly perſuade myſelf, that 
this vulgariſm was introduced by the tranſcriber, and that Shakſpeare 
wrote — made f. But I fear other inſtances are to be found in theſe 
plays of this unjuſtifiable phraſeology, and therefore have not diſturbed 
the text, 5 
The ſtanza which immediatly precedes the lines quoted by Mr. Stee- 
vens from Lord Sterline's Darius, may ſerve ftill further to confirm the 
con- 


* 


T E M P E S T: 81 


Fer. Mira. We wiſh your peace. [ Exeunt. 
Pro. Come with a thought :=I thank thee :—Ariel, 
come. 


| Enter ARIEL, EE. 
Ars. Thy thoughts I cleave to +: What's thy pleaſure ? 


Pro. ß _. | | 
We muſt prepare to meet with Caliban. 


Ari. Ay, my commander: when I preſented Ceres, 


I thought to have told thee of it ; but I fear'd 

Leſt I might anger thee. 5 
Pro. Say again, where didſt thou leave theſe varlets ? 
Ari. I told you, fir, they were red-hot with drinking; 

So full of valour, that they ſmote the air 

For breathing in their faces ; beat the ground 

For kiſſing of their feet: yet always bending + 

Towards their project: Then I beat my tabor, 


At which, like unback'd colts, they prick'd their ears, 


Advanc'd their eye-lids, lifted up their noſes 
As they ſmelt muſick ; ſo I charm'd their ears 
That, calf-like, they my lowing follow'd, through | 
Tooth'd briers, ſharp furzes, prickihg goſs ©, 3 thorns, 
Which enter'd their frail ſhins: at laſt 1 left them | 
P the filthy mantled pool beyond your cell, 
'There dancing up to the chins, that the foul lake 
O'er ſtunk their feet. 8 | 

| Pro. 


conjecture that one of theſe poets imitated the other. Our author was, 
J believe, the imitator : 
c And when the eclipſe comes of our glory's light, 
«© Then what avails the adoring of a name ? 
ce A meer illuſian made to mock the fight, 
«© Whoſe beſt was but the ſhadow of a dream.” Marone. 
4 Thy thoughts I cleave to:] Tockave to is to unite with cloſely. So, 
in Macbeth : | 3 : 
« Like our ſtrange garments, cleave not to their mould.“ 
Again: „If you ſhail cleave to my conſent.” STEEVENS. 
5 to meet with Caliban.) To meet with is to counteractꝭ; to play 
ſtratagem againſt ſtratagem. JonNnsoN, 8 
6 —pricking goſs, ] I know not how Shakſpeare diſtinguiſhed geſs 
from furze; for what he calls furze, is called goſs or gorſe in the 
midland counties. STEEVENS. 9 a 
Vol. { 3 a G | By 


32 CV 


Pro. This was well done, my bird: 

Thy ſhape inviſible retain thou ſtill: 

The trumpery in my houſe, go, bring it hither, 

For ſtale to catch theſe thieves 7. | 
Ari. I go, I go. | [ Exity 
Pro. A devil, a born devil, on whoſe nature 

Nurture can never ſtick*; on whom my pains, 

Humanely taken, all, all loſt 9, quite loſt; 

And as, with age, his body ugher grows, 

$0 his mind cankers *: I will plague them all, 


Re-enter AR1EL, loaden with gliftering apparel, & ce. 
Even to roaring :=Come, hang them on this line*, 


ProsPERO and ARIEL remain inviſible, Enter Calls 
BAN, STEPHANO, and I RINCULO, all wet. 


Cal. Pray you, tread ſoftly, that the blind mole may not 
Hear a foot fall3 : we now are near his cell. | 
Ste. Monſter, your fairy, which, you ſay, is a harm- 


— — > Ry = ka. => 
—— * — - — 
— 


By the latter, Shakſpeare means the low ſort of gorſe that only 
grows upon wet ground, and which is well deſcribed by the name of 
20 bins in Markham's Fareevell to Huſbandry. It has prickles like 
thoſe on a roſe-tree or a gooſeberry. ToLLET. | 

For ſtale to catch theſe thieves.] Stale is a word in fouling, and is 
uſed to mean a bait or decoy to catch birds. STEEVENS. 

S Nurture can never ſtick; ] Nurture is education. STEEVENS. 

all, all loft, ] The firſt of theſe words was probably introduced 
by the careleſſneſs of the tranſcriber or compoſitor. We might ſafely 
read, —are all loſt, Marone. 

1 And as, with age, his bedy uglier grows, 

So his mind cankers :] Shakſpeare, when he wrote this deſcription, 
perhaps recollected what his patron's moſt intimate friend, the great 
lord Eſſex, in an hour of diſcontent, ſaid of queen Elizabeth; „ that 

e grew cold and canker d, and that ber mind <vas become as crooked as 
ber carcaſe: —a ſpeech, which, according to Sir Walter Raleigh, 
coſt him his head, and which, we may therefore ſuppoſe, was at thar 
time much talked of. This play being written in the time of King 
James, theſe obnoxious words might be ſafely repeated. MALONE. 

2 —hang them on this line.] The old copy reads—hang on them. 
Corrected by Mr. Rowe. MALONE. | | 

3 — that the blind mole may not | ; | 
” Hear a foot fall :] This quality of hearing, which the mole is 
ſuppoſed to poſſeſs in ſo high a degree, is mentioned in Eupbues, 
quarto, 1581, P · 64. RzxzDd. | l : 

leſs 


— 


( 
\| 
4 
| 
| - 
| 


— — — 
— — 
2 . - — K 


—— — 


— 


7 - — — 
— F 
8 k — * — - 
2 —— —ẽ — ICIS OS 
* 


TT 38M 7 0 3 5 83 

Jeſs fairy, has done little better than play'd the Jack 
with us. 55 

Trin. Monſter, I do ſmell all horſe-piſs; at which my 
noſe is in great indignation. 

Ste. So is mine. Do you hear, monſter? If I ſhould 
take a diſpleaſure againſt you; look you. — 

Trin. Thou wert but a lot monſter. 

Cal. Good, my lord, give me thy favour ſtill: 
Be patient, for the prize I'll bring thee to 
Shall hood-wink this miſchance : therefore, ſpeak ſoftly; 
All's huſh'd as midnight yet. 

Trin. Ay, but to loſe our bottles in the pool, — 

Ste. There is not only diſgrace and diſhonour in that, 
monſter, but an infinite loſs. | 

Trin. That's more to me than my wetting : yet this 
is your harmleſs fairy, monſter. 

Ste. I will fetch off my bottle, though I be o'er ears 
for my labour. | | 

Cal. Pr'ythee, my king, be quiet: See'ſt thou here, 
This is the mouth o' the cell: no noiſe, and enter: 
Do that good miſchief, which may make this iſland 
Thine own for ever, and I, thy Caliban, 
For aye thy foot-licker. | | 

Ste. Give me thy hand: I do begin to have bloody 
thoughts. | | 
Trin. O king Stephano! O peer! O worthy Stephano ! 
look, what a wardrobe here is for thee 5! 

Cal. Let it alone, thou fool; it is but traſh. 

Trin. Oh, ho, monſter ; we know what belongs to a 


4 bas done little better than play'd the Jack with us.] i. e. He 
has played Fack with a lantern; has led us about like an ignis fatuus, 
by which travellers are decoyed into the mire, JoHNSONs 

5 O king Stephano! O peer] O worthy Stephano! look, wuhat a 
wardrobe here is for thee !] The humour of thele lines conſiſts in - 
their being an alluſion to an old celebrated ballad, which begins 
thus: King Stephen was a worthy peer—and celebrates that king's 
parſimony with regard to his wardrobe.— There are two ftanzas of this 
ballad in Othello. WARBURTON. : 

The old ballad is printed at large in The Religues of Ancient Poetry, 
vol, i. PERCY» | 


G 2 frippery: 


= 
| 
| 
3 
j 
4 


= © 3. * _—_ — = — ** 
2 —— = - _ . #4 th « _— 
ERC. —— ar roar one ne ee ö . 
— eil——_— . . — 5 

. 


_— 


— W Sh 
- _—— 
— — — 


-——_ 
So. A 

— — 

— — — 


— 


= ay 
2+ © mo Rr ee my — — . tn a, — 


- 

— 
— —— 
— 
—— 


— — * 


—_— 


— — — + 
- _ 
: ry 
Sm >. — 
—— <2 gRs 2 A III. 
— — — 
— 
— — 


== 
= 
— —— 


—— 

— -id _ l 
9 0 — — 
= ————— . 


— 


84 T M 


frippery * :—O king Stephano! 

Ste. Put off that gown, Trinculo ; by this hand, I'll 
have that gown. | | | 

Trin. Thy grace ſhall have it. 

Cal. The dropſy drown this fool! what do you mean, 
To doat thus on ſuch luggage ? Let it alone !, 
And do the murther firſt : if he awake, : 

From toe to crown he'll fill our ſkins with pinches ; 
Make us ſtrange ſtuff. 

Ste. Be you quiet, monſter.—-Miſtreſs line, is not this 
my jerkin? Now is the jerkin under the line“: now, 
ens you are like to loſe your hair 9, and prove a bald 
jerkin. 

Trin. Do, do: We ſteal by line and level, and't like 
your grace. | 3 

Ste. I thank thee for that jeſt; here's a garment for't : 


wit ſhall not go unrewarded, while I am king of this 


country: Steal by line and level is an excellent paſs of 
pate; there's another garment for't. 

Trin. Monſter, come, put ſome lime“ upon your fin- 
gers, and away with the reſt. 

Cal. I will have none on't : we ſhall loſe our time, 


be know what belongs to a frippery :] A frippery was a ſhop 
where old cloaths were ſold. Fripperie, Fr. The perſon who kept 
one of theſe ſhops was called a fripper. Strype, in the life of Stowe, 
ſays, that theſe frippers lived in Birchin-lane and Cornhill. STEzvens. 

7 Let it alone, | The old copy reads—Let's alone. For the emen- 
dation the preſent editor is anſwerable. Caliban had uſed the ſame 
expreſſion before. Mr. Theobald reads—Let's along. Marone. 

8 under the line, &c.] An alluſion to what often happens to 
people who paſs the line. The violent fevers, which they contract in 
that hot climate, make them loſe their hair. Epwarvs*' MSS. 

Perhaps the alluſion is to a more indelicate diſeaſe than any pe- 
culiar to the equinoxial. Shakſpeare ſeems to deſign an equivoque 
between the equinoxial and the girdle of a woman. STEEVENS. |, 

9 Naw, jerkin, you are like to loſe your hair] Jerkins made of goats 
ſkins ſeem to have been part of the wardrobe of the theatres in our 
author's time, [See a note on the Winter's Tale, Act IV. ic. iii.] How- 
ever, as the apparel brought in by Ariel is deſcribed as ſplendid and 
gliſtering, the garments here ſpoken of were "probably ornamented with 


tinſel, or gilt leather, and hung upon a bair- line. MALONR. 


I put ſome lime, &c.] That is, birdlime, JokNsoN. 4 
2 | | An 


T RB T 85 
And all be turn'd to barnacles, or to apes * 
With foreheads villainous lows. | 
Ste. Monſter, lay to your fingers; help to bear this 
away, where my hogſhead of wine is, or Ill turn you 
out of my kingdom: go to, carry this. 
Trin. And this. | 
Ste. Ay, and this. 
A noiſe of hunters heard. Enter divers Spirits, in ſhape of 
houngs, and hunt them about; Proſpero and Ariel ſetting 
them on. | | | 
Pro, Hey, Mountain, hey ! 
Ari. Silver! there it goes, Silver! 
Pro. Fury, Fury! there, Tyrant, there! hark, hark 
| CAL. STE. and TRIN. are driven out, 
Go, charge my goblins that they grind their joints 
With dry convulſions ; ſhorten up their ſinews 


With aged cramps ; and more pinch-ſpotted make them, 
Than pard, or cat o' mountain. | 
Ari. Hark, they roar. 
Pro, Let them be hunted ſoundly: At this hour 
Lie at my mercy all mine enemies : 
Shortly ſhall all my labours end, and thou 
Shalt have the air at freedom : for a little, h 
Follow, and do me ſervice. _  [Exeunt, 


2 [to barnacles, or to apes] Skinner ſays barnacle is Anſer Scoticuss 
The barnacle is a kind of ſhell- fiſh growing on the bottoms of ſhips, 

and which was anciently ſuppoſed, when broken off, to become one & 

of theſe geeſe. CoLLINS. : 

3 With forebeads willainous low.] Low forebeads were anciently 
reckoned among deformities. STEEVENS. 

This opinion was perhaps peculiar to the age of Queen Elizabeth, 
and to England, whoſe cuſtoms and faſhions Shakſpeare gave to every 
Country, and to all times. In his Antony and Cleopatra he makes a 
meſſenger aſſure the Egyptian Queen, that the forehead of her rival 
Octavia was “ as low as ſhe could with it.” MaATLONE. 

4 A noiſe of hunters heard.) Shakſpeare might have had in view 
&« Arthur's Chace, which many believe to be in France, ſaying 
that it is a kennel of black dogs, followed by unknown huntſmen, 
with an exceeding great ſound o? horns, as if it were a very hunting 
of ſome wild beaft.” See a Treatiſe cf Spectres tranſlated from the 
French of Peter de Loier, and publiſhed in quarto, 1605; p. 11. GREY. 

HE CAR, (ſays the ſame writer, ibid.) as the Greeks affirmed, did 
uſg to ſend dogges unto men, to feare and terrifie them,” MAT Ox R. 


G 3 ACT 


86 TEMPEST. 
„ 
SCENE, rhe ſame. 


Enter PROSPERO in his magick robes, and ARIEL» 


Pro. Now does my project gather to a head: 
My charms crack not; my ſpirits obey ; and time 
Goes upright with his carriage. How's the day? 

Ari. On the ſixth hour; at which time, my lord, 
You ſaid our work ſhould ceaſe. | 

Pro. I did ſay ſo, 
When firit I rais'd the tempeſt. Say, my ſpirit, 
How fares the king and his followers ? 

Ari. Confin'd together 
In the ſame faſhion as you gave in charge ; 
mp as you left them; all priſoners, fir, 

n the lime-grove which weather-fends your cell ; 

They cannot budge, till your releaſe ®. The king, 
His brother, and yours, abide all Hikes diſtracted ; 
And the remainder mourning over them, - 
Brim-full of ſorrow and diſmay ; but chiefly him, 
That you term*d, fir, The good old lord, Gonzalo; 
His tears ryn down his beard, like winter's drops 
From eaves of reeds: your charm fo ſtrongly works em, 
That if you now beheld them, your affections 
Would become tender. 

Pro. Doſt thou think ſo, ſpirit ? 

Ari. Mine would, fir, were I human. 

Pro. And mine ſhall. - 
Haſt thou, which art but r. a touch 7, a feeling 


5 -und time | 
5 Goes upright with his carriage. ] Alluding to one carrying a bur- 
then. This critical period of my life proceeds as I could with. Time 
brings forward all the expected events, without faultering under his 
burthen. SrEEVENS. 
2 till your releaſe.] i. e. till you releaſe rham. MarLonEe, 
7 touch, ] A touch is a ſenſation. So, in Cymbeline - : 
| we a touch more rare 
“ Subdues all pangs, all fears.” STEzvrns.. 


a WM 2 
. . 


TFT EE M ͤ $4 FT. „ 
Of their afflictions? and ſhall not myſelf, 
One of their kind, that reliſh all as ſharply, 
Paſſion as they *, be kindlier mov'd than thou art? 
Though with their high wrongs I am ſtruck to the quick, 
Yet, with my nobler reaſon, gainſt my fur 
Dol take part: the rarer action is 
In virtue than in vengeance: they being penitent, 
The ſole drift of my purpoſe doth extend 
Not a frown farther : Go, releaſe them, Ariel; 
My charms I'll break, their ſenſes I'Il reſtore, 
And they ſhall be themſelves. | 


Ari. I'll fetch them, fir. [ Exit. 
Pro. Yeelves of hills, brooks, ſtanding lakes, and grovesꝰg 

| 3 | And 
8 that reliſh all as ſparply, 


Paſſion as they, Paſſion is a verb in Shakſpeare. I feel every 
thing with the ſame quick lenfibility, and am moved by the ſame pai- 


ſions as they are. So, in his Venus and Adonis: 


C Dumbly ſhe paſſions, frantickly ſhe doateth.” STEEVENS. 
9 Yeelves of bills, brooks, ſtanding lakes, and groves ;] This ſpeech Dr. 
Warburton rightly obſerves to be borrowed from Medea's in Ovid: and 
cc it proves, ſays Mr, Holt, beyond contradiction, that Shakſpeare was 
perfectly acquainted with the ſentiments of the ancients on the ſubject 
of inchantments.“ The original lines are theſe : 
6 Auræque, & venti, monteſque, amneſque, lacuſque, 
C Diique omnes nemorum, diique omnes noctis adeſte.” 
the tranſlation of which, by Golding, is by no means literal, and 
Shakſpeare hath cloſely followed it. FARMER. 
Whgever will take the trouble of comparing this whole paſſage with 
Medea's ſpeech, as tranſlated by Golding, quarto, 1576, will lee evi- 


dently that Shakſpeare copied the tranſlation, and not the original. 
The particular expreſſions that ſeem to have made an impreſſion on his 


mind are printed in Italicks : 

Ve ayres and windes, ye elwes of hills, of brookes, of woodes alone, 

« Of ſtanding lakes, and of the night, approche ye everych one. 

66 INT help of whom (the crooked bankes much wondering at the 
thing) | 

] have compelled ſtreames to run clean backward to their ſpring, 

« By charms I make the calm ſea rough, and make the rough ſeas 


Praynes | 
“ And cover all the ſky with clouds, and chaſe them thence again. 
«« By charmes I raiſe ard lay the windes, and burſt the viper's jaw, 
c And from the bowels of the earth both ſtones and trees do draw, 
Whole woods and forreſts I remove, I make the mountains ſhake, 
« And even the earth itſelf to groan, and fearfully to quake, 


G 4 g T call 


88 TT EF MF TS 

And ye, that on the ſands with printleſs foot 

Do chaſe the ebbing Neptune *, and do fly him, 
When he comes back ; you demy-puppets, that 

By moon-ſhine do the green ſour ringlets make, 
Whereof the ewe not bites; and you, whoſe paſtime 
Is to make midnight muſhrooms ; that rejoice 

To hear the ſolemn curfew ; by whoſe aid 

(Weak maſters though ye be) ? I have be-dimm'd 
The noon-tide ſun, call'd forth the mutinous winds, 
And *twixt the green ſea and the azur'd vault 

Set roaring war: to the dread rattling thunder 
Have I given fire, and rifted Jove's Rout oak 
With his own bolt: the ſtrong-bas'd promontory 
Have I made ſhake ; and by the ſpurs pluck'd up 


&« T call up dead men from their graves, and thee, o lightſome moone, 


4 I darken oft, though beaten braſs abate thy peril ſoone, 

«© Our ſorcerie dimmes the morning faire, and darks the ſun at noone. 
cc The flaming breath. of fierie bulles ve quenched for my fake, 

c And cauſed their unwieldy neckes the bended voke to take. 

c Among the earth-bred brothers you a mortal warre did ſet, 

c And brought aſleep the dragon fell, whoſe eyes were never ſnet.“ 

| © | | MaronE. 

Ye elwes of hills, &c.] Fairies and elves are frequently in the poets 
mentioned together, without any diſtinction of character that I can re- 
collect. Keyſler ſays that alp and aff, which is elf with the Suedes and 

Engliſh, equally ſignified a mountain, or a demon of the mountains. 
This ſeems to have been its original meaning; but Somner's Dia, 
mentions elves or fairies of the mountains, of the woods, of the ſea 
and fountains, without any diſtinction between elves and fairies: Tor. 

1 with printleſs foot ITT | 
Do chaſe the ebbing Neptune,] So Milton, in his Maſque : 
c Whilſt from off the waters fleet, 3 N 

6 Thus I ſet my printleſs feet.” STEEvENS. 

2 (Weak maſters though ye be)] The meaning of this paſſage may be; 
Though you are but inferior maſlers of theſe ſupernatural powers,—though 
you poſſeſs them but in a low degree. STEEVENS. + = 

— -———by whoſe aid i 
(Weak maſters though ye be) | 

That is; ye are powerful auxiliaries, but weak if left to yourſelves j— 
your employment is then to. make green ringlets, and midnight muſh- 
rooms, and to play the idle pranks mentioned by Ariel in his next ſong; 
vet by your aid I have been enabled to invert the courſe of nature, 
We ſay proverbially, Fire is a good ſervant, but a bad maſter.“ 

5 RG 5 BLACKSTONE, 


The 


| 

2 
8 * 
2 
7 
of 


3 eee ee N eee 


TEM 9 


The pine, and cedar: graves, at my command, 
Have wak'd their fleepers ; oped, and let them forth 
By my fo potent art: But this rough magick 

I here abjure : and, when I have requir'd 

Some heavenly muſick, (which even now I do,) 

To work mine end upon their ſenſes, that 


This airy charm is for, ll break my ſtaff, 


Bury it certain fathoms in the earth, | 
And, deeper than did ever plummet ſound, 


Tl drown my book. [ Solemn muſich. 


Re-enter ARIEL < after him, Aloxso, with a frantick 

- gefture, attended by GON7 41.0; SEBASTIAN and AN- 
THONIO f lite manner, attended by ADRIAN and FRAN= 
cis co: They all enter the circle which Proſpero had 
made, and there ſtand charmed; which Proſpero ob- 
ſerving, ſpeaks. 

A ſolemn air, and the beſt comforter, 

To an unſettled fancy's cure | - Thy brains, 

Now uſeleſs, boil within thy ſkull: there ſtand, 

For you are ſpell-ſtopp'd.— 

Holy Gonzalo, honourable man, 


ine eyes, even ſociable to the ſhew of thine, 
Mu! fellowly drops. — The charm diſſolves a pace; 


And as the morning ſteals upon the night, 
Melting the darkneſs, ſo their riſing ſenſes 


3 To an unſettled fancy's cure !] The old copy reads fancy. For 
this emendation the preſent editor is anſwerable. So, in King Jobn: 
My widow's comfort, and my ſorrow's cure. 
Again, in Romco and Juliet: 
5 — Con fuſion's cure 
Lives not in theſe confuſions. | 
Proſpero begins by obſerving, that the air which had been played 
was ad mirably adapted to compoſe unſettled minds, He then addreſſes 
Gonzalo and the reſt, who had juſt before gone into the circle: „ Thy 
brains, now uſeleſs, boil within thy ſkull &c.” [the ſoothing ſtrain 
not having yet begun to operate]. Afterwards, perceiving that the mu- 
fick begins to have the effect intended, he adds, „ The charm diſſolves 
a pace.” Mr. Pope and the ſubſequent editors read -i d. MALONE. 
4 —boll within thy u:] Se, in the Midſummer Nizbt's Dream : 
Lovers and madmen have ſuch ſe-rhing brains, &c.” STEEVENS. 
Again, in the Winter's Tale: * Would any but theſe boil'd brains of 
nineteen and two-and-twenty hunt this weather?“ MALONE. 


= | Begin 


4 


= 


— 
5 — 2 5 1 


— — 


2 


> => 
— - - — — 
— 


2 


" 
' 
IJ 
i its 
4 
| 
1 
1 
14 
0 
I 
, 
't4 
4 
13 
g f 
1 
? 
N 
| 
7 
* 
1 
Fx 
it 
— 4 
. 
N. 
199 
£86 
% 4743 
4 
by N 
* a 
+ 482.4 
4 HY 
4; Ef'3 
=?! 
1 N 
! 
1 4 
I 
« E 
+ 4 
1 
. 
4 4 
Us. 8 
1 
LS. 
in| 
(| 
| 1 
i 208 
+ ' 
3; 13 
t 
Th > 1 
7 *. 
4 | 
vt 1 
; * 
10 
\ 
4, 1 J * 
| f 
- * 
«ts; 
, 1 
; | 
. 
48 
i 4 
4 7 $t 4 
| 4 
. ! 


— 
> <a 


+ 


2 


— Was — 
— 2 
« = — < >= 


Z x — —— — — 
"= "FL — N — 
1 ˙— — — * 
. A — 
2 — * —— —— — 
— = 


— — —oe ts 


rern MTTNTET 


Begin to chaſe the ignorant fumes * that mantle 

Their clearer reaſon.—O good Gonzalo, | 

My true preſerver, and a loyal fir : 

'To him thou follow'ſt ; I will pay thy graces 

Home, both in word and deed;—Moft cruelly 

Didf thou, Alonſo, uſe me and my daughter: 

Thy brother was a furtherer in the a& ;— 

Thou'rt pinch'd for't now, Sebaſtian. —Fleſh and blood “, 
You brother mine, that entertain'd ambition 7, 


Expell'd remorſe, and nature *; who, with Sebaſtian, 


(Whoſe inward pinches therefore are moſt ſtrong,) 
Would here have kill'd your king; I do forgive thee, 
Unnatural though thou art !—Their underſtanding 
Begins to ſwell ; and the approaching tice 
Will ſhortly fill the reaſonable ſhores, „ 
'That now lie foul and muddy. Not one of them, 
That yet looks on me, or would know me :—Ariel, 
Fetch me the hat and rapier in my cell ;— [Exit ArIEL. 
J will diſ-caſe me, and myſelf preſent, 
As I was ſometime Milan :—quickly, ſpirit ; 
Thou ſhalt ere long be free. | 
ARIEL re-enters, ſinging, and helps to attire PROSPERO. 

Ari. Where the bee ſucks, there ſuck I; © 

In à cowſlip*s bell I lie®: 


5 Abe ignorant fumes] i. e. the fumes of ignorance, HR ATR. 
6 Thow'art pinch'd for't now, Sebaſtian.— Fleſp and blood, ] Thus the 
old copy: Theobald points the paſſage in a different manner, and per- 


Haps rightly : 


c 'Thou'rt pinch'd for't now, Sebaſtian, fleſh and blood.” STEEVENS. 

7 That entertain'd ambition, | Old copy entertain. Corrected by the 
editor of the ſecond folio, MALONE. 

8 — remorſe: and nature;] Remorſe is by our author and the 
contemporary writers generally uſed for pity, or tenderneſs of heart. Ma- 
ture is natural affection. Marone. ZE. 

9 In a cowllip's bell I lie:] So, in Drayton's Nymphiaia : 

& At midnight, the appointed hour; 
£ And for the queen a fitting bower, 
«© Quoth he, is that fair coguſlip flower 
c On Hipcut hill that bloweth.” 

The date of this poem not being aſcertained, we know not whether 
our author was indebted to it, or was himſelf copied by Drayton. I 
believe, the latter was the imitator. Nymphidia was not written, I ima- 


gzine, till after the Engliſh Don Quixote had appeared in 1612, MALON E. 


4 8 There 


2% 
A. 
3 
be 
: 
N 
5 
5 
5 
5 


IN. 


TEMES E 91 
There I couch, when cauls do cry *. 
On the bat's back I ao fly 
After ſummer, merrily : | 
Merrily, merrily, ſhall I live now, 
Under the blaſſom that hangs on the bough * . 
Pro. Why, that's my dainty Ariel: I ſhall mils thee ; 
But yet thou ſhalt have freedom: So, ſo, ſo.— 
To the king's ſhip, inviſible as thou art : 
There ſhalt thou find the mariners aſleep 
Under the hatches ; the maſter, and the boatſwain, 
Being awake, enforce them to this place; — 
And preſently, I pr'ythee. | 5 
ri. 


I when owls do cry. ] i. e. at night, Dr. Warburton thought that 
theſe words denoted the time of Ariel's flight to be ⁊binter; but owls, 
as Mr. Steevens has obſerved, are as clamorous in ſummer as in winter. 
As this paſſage is now printed, Ariel ſays that he repoſes in a cowſlip's 
bell during the night. Perhaps, however, a full point ought to be placed 
after the word couch, and a comma at the end of the line. If the 
paſſage ſhould be thus regulated, Ariel will then take his departure by 
night, the proper ſeaſon for the bat to ſet out upon the expedition. MAL. 

2 After ſummer merrily :] Mr. Theobald reads—after ſun-ſet, “ be- 
cauſe the bat is not viſible by day, but appears firſt about twilight.“ 
Dr. Warburton thinks ſummer is right, © the roughneſs of winter being 
repreſented by Shakſpeare as diſagreeable to fairies and ſuch like deli- 
cace ſpirits, who on this account conſtantly follow ſummer.” Mr. 
Steevens thinks that, „ the bat being no bird of paſlage, this expreſſion 
is probably uſed to ſignify, not that Ariel find 2s ſummer, but that 


after ſummer is paſt, he rides upon the ſoft down of a bat's back, 


which ſuits not improperly with the delicacy of his airy being.” —l 
ſee, however, no reaſon why Ariel ſhould beſtride his bat with more 
ardour after ſummer than before, or during that ſeaſon ; unleſs we un- 
derſtand, with Dr. Warburton, that he goes in purſuit of ſummer, 
in whatever part of the globe it could be found (in which ſenſe the 
word after is frequently uſed in the midland counties). Our author is 
ſeldom ſolicitous that every part of his imagery ſhould correſpond. I, 
therefore, think, that though the bat is no bird of paſſage,” Shak- 
ſpeare probably meant to expreſs what Dr. Warburton ſuppoſes. A 
ſhort account, however, of this winged animal may perhaps prove the 
beſt illuſtration of the paſſage before us: 

«© The bat (ſays Dr. Goldſmith, in his entertaining and inſtructive 
« Natural 10 0 makes its appearance in ſummer, and begins its flight 


« in the duſk of the evening. It appears only in the moft pleaſant 


« evenings ; at other times it continues in its retreat; the chink of a 
ec ruined building, or the hollow of a tree. Thus the little animal even 
in ſummer ſleeps the greateſt part of his time, never venturing out by 

: z $6 day- 


92 TE M H S. T1. 
Ari. I drink the air “ before me, and return 
Or e' er your pulſe twice beat. [Exit ARIEL, 
Gon. All torment, trouble, wonder, and amazement 
Inhabits here; Some en power guide us 
Out of this fearful country! 
Pro. Behold, fir king, 
The wronged duke of Milan, Proſpero: - 
For more aſſurance that a living prince 
Does now ſpeak to thee, I embrace thy body ; 
And to thee, and thy company, I bid 
A hearty welcome. 
Alon. Whe'r thou be'ſt he, or no, 
Or: ſome inchanted trifle to abuſe me, 
As late I have been, I not know: thy pulſe | 
Beats, as of fleſh and blood; and, fin&6e I ſaw thee, 
The affliction of my mind amends, with which, 
I fear, a madneſs held me: this muſt crave 
(An if this be at all,) a moſt ſtrange ſtory. 
Thy dukedom I reſign 5; and do intreat, 
Thou pardon me my wrongs But how ſhould 9 
Be living, and be here ? 
Pro. Firſt, noble friend, 


ee day-light, nor in rainy weather, But its ſhort life is {till more abridged 
by continuing in a torpid ſtate during the <vinter. At the approach of 
& the cold ſeaſon, the bat prepares for its ſtate of lifeleſs inactivity, and 
< feems rather to chooſe a place where it may continue ſafe from in- 
« terruption, than where it may be warmly or commodiouſly lodged.” 


When Shakſpeare had determined to ſend Ariel in purſuit of ſum- 


mer, wherever it could be found, as moſt congenial to ſuch an airy 
being, is it then ſurprifing that ke ſhould 1 made the bar, rather 
than © the wind, his poſt-horſe; an animal thus delighting in that 
feaſon, and reduced by winter to a ſtate of lifeleſs inaftivity ? MaLON E. 
3 Under the blaſſom that hangs on the bougb. ] So, in Godfrey of Bul- 
vigne, tranſlated by Fairfax, 1600: 
& The goblins, fairies 
4% Ranged in flozwerie dales, and mountaines hore, 
And under every trembling leaf they fit.” Ax ox vs. 
41 Bi the air.—] To drink the air—ls an expreſſion of ſwiftneſs 
of the ſame kind as to devour the way in Henry IV. JounsoN, 


5 Thy d:kedim I reſign ;—] The duchy of Milan being through the 


reachery of Anthonio Sade feudatory to the crown of Naples, Alonſo 
promiſes to reſian his claim of ſovereignty for the future. STEEvENs. 


Let 


3 
2 
Y; 
* 
© 
Ar. > 
i 
x 
2 : 
{18 
225 4 
K 


T E NM ˖ © 93 

Let me embrace thine age; whoſe honour cannot 
Be meaſur'd, or confin'd. 
Gon. Whether this be, 
Or be not, I'll not ſwear, 

Pro. Vou do yet taſte 
Some ſubtilties o' the iſle, that will not let you 
Believe things certain: Welcome, my friends all ;— 
But you, my brace of lords, were I ſo minded, 

| [ Afide to SEB. and ANT, 
I here could pluck his highneſs? frown upon you, 


And juſtify you traitors ; at this time 


I'll tell no tales. 
Seb. The devil ſpeaks in him. [Alle. 
Pro. No: — | 
For you, moſt wicked fir, whom to call brother 
Would even infect my mouth, I do forgive 
Thy rankeſt fault; all of them; and require 
My dukedom of thee, which, perforce, I know, 
Thou muſt reſtore. 
Alon. If thou be'ſt Proſpero, 
Give us particulars of thy preſervation: 
How thou haſt met us here, who three hours ſince? 
Were wreck'd upon this ſhore ; where I have lot, 
How ſharp the point of this remembrance is ! 
My dear ton Ferdinand. | 
Pro. I am woe for't, ſir 7. 


6 wbo three hours ſince] The unity of time is moſt rigidly ob- 
ſerved in this piece. The fable icarcely takes up a greater number of 
hours than are employed in the repreſentation ; and from the very 
particular care which our author takes to point out this circumſtance 
in ſo many other paſiages, as well as here, ic ſhould ſeem as if it were 
not accidental, but purpoſely deſigned to ſhew the admirers of Ben Jon- 
ſon's art, and the caviilers of the time, that he too could write a play 
within all the ſtricteſt laws of regularity, when he choſe to load him- 
ſelf with the critick's fetters. i N 

The Boatſzoain marks the progreſs of the day again ohich but three 
glaſſes ſince, &c. and at the beginning of this act the duration of the 
time employed on the ſtage is particularly aſcertained ; and it refers to a 
paſſage in the firſt act, of the fame tendency. The ſtorm was raiſed ar 
l:aſt two glaſſes after mid-day, and Ariel was promiſed that the work 
ſhould ceaſe at the ſixth hour. STEEVENS. : | 
7 I am oe for't, fire] i. e. I am ſorry for it. STEEVENS. 


Alon. 


94 FFT. 

Alon. Irreparable is the loſs; and patience 
Says, it 15 paſt her cure. 

Pro. I rather think, | | 
You have not ſought her help ; of whoſe ſoft grace, © 
For the like loſs, I have her ſovereign aid, | 
And reſt myſelf content. 

Alon. You the like loſs ? 

Pro. As great to me, as late * ; and, ſupportable £ 
To make the dear loſs, have I means much weaker | 
Than you may call to comfort you; for J 
Have loſt my daughter. | 

Aloa. A daughter ? 

O heavens ! that they were living both in Naples, 
The king and queen there! that they were, I wiſh 
Myſelf were mudded in that oozy bed, 

Where my ſon lies. When did you loſe your daughter ? 

Pro. In this laſt tempeſt. I perceive, theſe lords 
At this encounter do ſo much Er 
That they devour their reaſon; and ſcarce think, 
Their eyes do offices of truth, their words 
Are natural breath 9: but, howſoe' er you have 
Been juſtled from your ſenſes, know for certain, 

That I am Proſpero, and that very duke | 
Which was thruſt forth of Milan ; who moſt ſtrangely 
Upon this ſhore, where you were wreck*d, was landed, 
To be the lord-on*t. No more yet of this; | 

For *tis a chronicle of day by day, | 

Not a relation for a breakfaſt, nor 

Befitting this firſt meeting. Welcome, fir; 
This cell's my court: here have I few attendants, 


* - 

l © 
- #0 - > — 
, n 


22 — 
—. 


— 
by — 92 l 
——— +. — — 
_— —— 


— — 
— — 


i 
54 
1 
i 
N 
i 


dr e AEM: — _ 

gt 2 8 1 : n ; F FWW P a 
8 n 2 . Wy y TORS bo RR nr g w ö 883 

ry 8 8 2 FS, ot: To's, AEST 7 . 8 VE On Bs ST bo 

au. Rok , : x (LIE wn. 7 E IT 8 OSU ˙ . En 
N 5 1 WW N wy 3 Eu rv F 
£ 8 & 2 : Fs 
% p a þ a : 2 


8 As great to me, as late;] My loſs is as great as yours, and has as 
lately happened to me. 3 | | 
9 their words 

Are natural breatb.] An anonymous correſpondent thinks that 
their is a corruption, and that we ſhould read—tbeſe words. His con- 
jecture appears not improbable. The lords had no doubt concerning 
themſelves. Their doubts related only to Proſpero, whom they at firit 
apprehended to be ſome „ inchanted trifle to abuſe them.“ They 
doubt, ſays he, whether what they ſee and hear is a mere illufion; E 
whether the perſon they behold is a living mortal, whether the words * 
they hear are ſpoken by a human creature. MaLlONE. 5 3 


F EFH ̃»ͤ˖ GhM˖w'ꝛ̃ S F 95 
And ſubjects none abroad: pray you, look in, 
My dukedom ſince you have given me again, 
I will requite you with as good a thing; | 
At leaſt, bring forth a wonder, to content ye, 
As much as me my dukedom. | 


The entrance of the cell opens, and diſcovers FERDINAND 
| and MIRANDA playing at cheſs, 
Mira. Sweet lord, you play me falſe. 
Fer. No, my deareſt love, 
I would not for the world. . 
Mira. Yes, for a {core of kingdoms *, you ſhould wrangle, 
And J would call it fair play. | 
Alon. If this prove 
A viſion of the iſland, one dear ſon 
Shall I twice loſe. 
Seb. A moſt high miracle ! 
Fer. Though the ſeas threaten, they are merciful : 
J have curs'd them without cauſe. | Fer. Ancels zo Alon, 
Alon. Now all the bleſſings ED a | 
Of a glad father compaſs thee about! 
Ariſe, and ſay how thou cam'ſl here. 
Mira. O wonder! 
How many goodly creatures are there here ! 
How beauteous mankind is! O brave new world, 
That has ſuch people in't ! 
Pro. Tis new to thee. | 
Alon. What is this maid, with whom thou waſt at play ? 
Your eld'ſt acquaintance cannot be three hours: 
Is ſhe the goddeſs that hath ſever'd us, 
And brought us thus together ? 


1 Yes, for a ſcore of kingdoms, &c. ] I take the ſenſe to be only this: 
Ferdinand would not, he ſays, play her falſe for the ewvorld : yes, an- 
ſwers the, I would allow you to do it for ſomething leſs than the world, 
for raventy kingdoms, and I wiſh you well enough to allow you, after a 
little evrangle, that your play was fair. So likewiſe Dr. Grey. JounsoN. 

I would recommend another punctuation, and then the ſenſe would 
be as follows: 

Yes, for a ſcore of kingdoms you ſbuuld wrangle 
And peek af Fats fla f 0 wy 
becauſe ſuch a conteſt would be 0 4 of you. STEEVENS» 


Fer. 


TEMPEST 


Fer. Sir, ſhe's mortal ; 

But, by immortal providence, ſhe's mine; 
T choſe her, when I could not aſk my father 
For his advice; nor thought J had one: ſhe 
Ts daughter to this famous duke of Milan, 
Of whom fo often I have heard renown, 

But never ſaw before ; of whom I have 
Receiv'd a ſecond life, and ſecond father 
This lady makes him to me. 

Alon. J am hers : d 
But o, how oddly will it ſound, that I 
Muſt afk my child forgiveneſs ! 
here, fir, flep 3 
Let us not burthen our remembrances * 

With a heavineſs that's gone, 
Son. I' ve inly wept, 
Or ſhould have ſpoke ere this. Look down, you gods, 
And on this couple drop a bleſſed crown; 
For it is you, that have chalk'd forth the way 
Which brought us hither ! 

Alon. I fay, Amen, Gonzalo! 

Gon. Was Milan thruſt from Milan, that his iſſue 
Should become kings of Naples? O, rejoice 8 
Beyond a common joy; and ſet it down | 
With gold on laſting pillars: In one voyage 
Did Claribel her hutband find at Tunis ; 

And Ferdinand, her brother, found a wife, : 
Where he himſelf was loſt; Proſpero his dukedom, 
In a poor iſle; and all of us, ourſelves, 

When no man was his own. * 

Alon. Give me your hands : I Fer. and Mir. 
Let grief and ſorrow ſtill embrace his heart, 

That doth not wiſh you joy ! 

Gon. Be't ſo! Amen! 

2 Our remembrances—] By the miſtake of the tranſcriber the word 

evich being placed at the end of this line, Mr. Pope and the ſubſe- 


quent editors, for the ſake of the metre, read membrance. The re- 
gulation now made renders change unneceſſary. MAL ONE. | 


3 When no man vas his on.] i. e., at a time ⁊ oben no one was in 


his ſenſes. It is ſtill ſaid, in colloquial language, that a madman ts not 
bis ewn man, i. e. is not. maſter of himſelf. STEEVENSsS p 
e 


- 
** 
A 
2 
4 
© 
2 
Cory 
he 
RY 
3 - 
8 
=" 
* 1 
9 
1 
3 
* 
2 
vi 
x. 
1 
12 
* 
3 
* 
1 
22 


T E M PB CCN 97 


Re-enter ARIEL, with the Mafter and Boatſwain amazedly 
| following. 

O look, fir, look, fir, here are more of us ! 

I propheſy'd, if a gallows were on land, 

This fellow could not drown :—Now, blaſphemy, 

That ſwear'ſt grace o'erboard, not an oath on ſhore ? 

Haſt thou no mouth by land? What is the news? 

Boat/. The beſt news is, that we have ſafely found 
Our king, and company : the next, our ſhip, 

Which, but three glaſſes ſince, we gave out ſplit, 
Is tight, and yare, and bravely rigg'd, as when 
We firſt put out to ſea. | 

Ari. Sir, all this ſervice 

Have I done ſince I went. Afede. 

Pro. My trick ſy ſpirit + ! | 

Alon. Theſe are not natural events; they ſtrengthen, 

From ſtrange to ſtranger :—Say, how came you hither ? 
Boat/. If I did think, fir, I were well awake, 

Pd ftrive to tell you. We were dead aſleep®*, 

And (how, we know not,) all clapp'd under hatches, 

Where, but even now, with ſtrange and ſeveral notes 

Of roaring, ſhrieking, howling, gingling chains, 

And more diverſity of ſounds, all horrible, 

We were awak'd ; ftraitway, at liberty: 

Where we, in all her trim ©, freſhly beheld 

Our royal, good, and gallant ſhip ; our maſter 

Capering to eye her: On a trice, ſo pleaſe you, 

Even in a dream, were we divided from them, 

And were brought moping hither. : 

Ari. Was't well done? 

Pro. Bravely, my diligence, Thou ſhalt be F 4/ae. 

| "REECE > 1 | — 

4 My trickſy ſpirit!] is, I believe, my clever, adroit ſpirit, Shak- 
ſpeare uſes the ſame word elſewhere: | : : 
cc that for a zrickſy word 
% Defy the matter.” STEEVENS. 

5 — dead aſleep,] The old copy reads—of ſleep. SrEEVENS. 

The emendation is Mr, Pope'ss MALoNE. . 

in all her trim, ] The old copy has eur trim, Corrected by 
Dr. Thirlby. MAL ONE. | 

. | H Alon. 


{ 


— 


98 T R ͤ f © 


Alon. This is as ſtrange a maze as eber men trod; 
And there is in this buſineſs more than nature 
Was ever conduct of 7 : ſome oracle 
Muſt rectify our knowledge. | 
Pro. Sir, my liege, 
Do not infeſt your mind with beating on 
The ſtrangeneſs of this buſineſs * ; at pick'd leiſure, 
Which ſhall be ſhortly, ſingle P11 reſolve you 
(Which to you ſhall ſeem probable) of every 
Theſe happen'd accidents ? : till when, be chearful, 
And ink of each thing well. Come hither, 1 8 51 :[afide, 
Set Caliban and his companions free : 
Untie the ſpell. [ Exit Ariel.] How fares my gracious fir ? 
There are yet miſſing of your company 
Some few odd ids, that you remember not. 


. ARI EL, driving in CALIBAN, STEPHANO, - 
and TRINCULO, in their ffolen apparel. 


Ste. Every man ſhift for all the reſt, and let no man 
take care for himſelf; for all is but fortune Coragio, 
bully-monſter, Coragio ! 


| 7 conduct of: ] Conduct for conductor. . 
So, in Romeo and Fulict : * Come bitter conduf, &. MTL ONE. 
Conduct is vet uſed in the fame ſenſe: the perſon at Cambridge who 
reads prayers in * s and Trinity College chapels is ſtill ſo ſtyled. 
HE NLE v. 
8 — beating on 
The ftrangeneſs &.] A ſimilar expreſſion occurs in one of the 
parts of King Fey PT: 


—your thoughts 
& Beat on a crown,” 

Beating may mean hammering, working in the mind, dwellifig long 
upon. Miranda, in the ſecond ſcene of this play, tells her father that 
the ſtorm is ſtill beating in her mind. STEEVENS. 

A kindred expreſſion occurs in Hamlet: Cudgel thy brains no more 
a bout it. MALONE. 

III reſolve you 

(Which to you * cem probable ) of every 

Theſe bappen d accidents :] I will inform you how all theſe won- 
derful' accidents have happened; which, though they now appear to 
you ſtrange, will then ſeem probable. 

An anonymous writer pointed out the true conſtruction of this paſ- 
ſage, but his explanation is, I think, incorrect. MALONEs 
Ti. 


4 


T £ M» (! 99 
Trin. If theſe be true ſpies which I wear in my head, 
here's a goodly ſight. 
Cal. O Setebos, theſe be brave ſpirits, indeed ! 
How fine my maſter 1s ! I am afraid 
He will chaſtiſe me. 
Seb, Ha, ha; 
What things are theſe, my lord Anthonio |! 
Will money buy them? 
Aut. Very like; one of them 
Js a plain fiſh, and, no doubt, marketable. 
Pro. Mark but the badges of theſe men, my lords, 
Then ſay, if they be true“: — This miſ-ſhapen knave,— 
His mother was a witch; and one ſo ſtrong 
That could control the moon *, make flows and ebbs, 
And deal in her command without her power : 
Theſe three have robb'd me; and this demi-devil 
(For he's a baſtard one,) had plotted with them 
'To take my life ; two of theſe fellows you 
Muſt know, and own; this thing of darkneſs I 
Acknowledge mine. 
Cal. Iſhall be pinch'd to death. 
Alon. Is not this Stephano, my drunken butler? 
Seb, He's drunk now : Where had he wine; | 
Alon. And Trinculo is reeling ripe ; Where ſhould they 
Find this grand liquor that hath gilded them?? — 3 
ow 


I —true:] That is, Bone. A true man is, in the language of that 
time, oppoſed to a thief. The ſenſe is, Mark what theſe men wear, and 
ſay if they are boneſt. JoANSONe 
4 and one ſo ſtrong 
That could control the moon,] From Medea's ſpeech in Ovid (as 
tranſlated by Golding) our author might have learned, that this was 
one of the pretended powers of witchcraft : 
66 And thee, o lightſome moon, 
& I darken oft, though beaten braſs abate thy peril ſoon.” 
| ; MALONEs 
3 —this grand liquor that bath gilded them?] Shakſpeare, to be 
dure, wrote - grand 'lixir, alluding to the grand Eixir of the alchy- 
miſts, which they pretend wou:d reſtore youth, and confer immortality. 
This, as they ſaid, being a preparation of gold, they called Aurum pota- 
bile, The phraſe of being gilded was a trite one on this occaſion. Thus 
Fletcher, in his Chances: “ Duke, Ts ſhe not drunk too? Whore, A. 
little gilded er, fir ; old ſack, old * boys I WARBURTON. 
e 3 


As 


— ä 2 
K. * = 8 i RN * - 
— > 


= + CY 


k 


bl 


22 —— 
5 I. 


- 
—— 


7 —s_s 3 > Eu. 


1 


— — 
— 


1 
— : 

— Tz —— 
— — 
— — 2 = 


2 — R 
= - af * * 
2 
—— —— « 2 — 
= — = K : 
—— — — — —ä4ä— —— — 


— — 
— 


5  —rT-, 
1 


> —— 


For this one night; which (part of it) I'll waſte 


100 T E MP 5 1% 


How cam'ſt thou in this pickle ? 


Trin. I have been in ſuch a pickle, fince I ſaw you laſt, 
that, I fear me, will never out of my bones : I ſhall not 
fear fly-blowing *% | 

Seb. Why, how now, Stephano ? 

Ste. O, touch me not; Iam not Stephano, but a cramp 5. 

Pro. You'd be king of the iſle, firrah ? ”” 

Ste. I ſhould have been a fore one then. 

Alon. This is a ſtrange thing as e'er I look*d on. 

| | [Pointing to CALIBAN. 
Pro. He is as diſproportion'd in his manners, 
As in his ſhape :—Go, ſirrah, to my cell; 
Take with you your companions; as you look 
To have my pardon, trim it handſomely. | 

Cal. Ay, that Iwill; and PII be wiſe hereafter, 

And ſeek for grace: What a thrice-double aſs 
Was I, to take this drunkard for a god, | 
And worſhip this dull fool ? 9 

Pro. Goto; away! N 

Alon. Hence, and beſtow your luggage where you 

found it. 5 | | 

Seb. Or ſtole it, rather. [ Exeunt Car. STE. and TRIN. 

Pro. Sir, I invite your highneſs, and your train, 
To my poor cell: where you ſhall take your reſt 


With ſuch diſcourſe, as, I not doubt, ſhall make it 
Go quick away: the ſtory of my life, 2 
And the particular accidents, gone by, 

Since I came to this iſle: And in the morn, 
I'll bring you to your ſhip, and ſo to Naples, 
Where I have hope to ſee the nuptial 

Of theſe our dear-beloved ſolemniz'd ; 


eee eee, 
: F * 


As the alchymiſt's Elixir was ſuppoſed to be a liquor, the old reading 
may ſtand, and the alluſion holds good without any alteration. 

e Yr STEEVENS» 

4 — fly-blowing.] This pickle alludes to their plunge into the ſtink- 
ing pool; and pickling preſerves meat from fly-blowwving. STEEVENS, 

5 — but acramp. |] i. e. Iam all over a cramp. Proſpero had ordered 
Ariel to ſhorten up their finews with aged cramps. Touch me not alludes 
to the ſoreneſs occaſioned by them. In the next line the ſpeaker con - 
firms this meaning by a quibble on the word ſores STEEVENs. A 4 

* N : 


TEM PF $S © 101 


And thence retire me to my Milan, where 
Every third thought ſhall be my grave. 
Alon. I long | 
To hear the ſtory of your life, which muſt 
Take the ear ſtrangely. 
Pro. I'll deliver all; 
And promiſe you-calm ſeas, auſpicious gales, 
And fail ſo expeditious, that ſhall catch 
Your royal fleet far off. My Ariel chick. 4 
That is thy charge; then to the elements d Hat. 
Be free, and fare thou well! Pleaſe you, draw near. 


[ Exennt. 


H 3 . 


* 


8 


11 . 
SPOKEN BY PROSPERO, 


IV O W my charms are all o&'erthrown, ; 
And what ftrength ] have*s mine own; ; 4 
Which is moſt faint : now, tis true, | | * 
I muſt be here confin'd by you, 
4 Or ſent to Naples: Let me not, G 7 
Since I have my dukedom got, | 45 
And pardon' d the deceiver, dauell | 
In this bare iſland, by your ſpell ; 
But releaſe me from my bands, 
With the help of your good hands s. 
Gentle breath of yours my ſails 
Mut fill, or elje my project fails, 
Which was to pleaſe : Now of want 
Spirits to enforce, art to enchant; 
And my ending is deſpair, 
Unleſs I be reliev'd by prayer ? ; 
Which pierces ſo, that it aſſaults 
Mercy itſelf, and frees all faults. 


a As you from crimes would pardon'd be, 
In | Let your indulgence ſet me free *, 


11 60 | 5 With the help &c.] By your applauſe, by clapping hands. Jon xs. 
0 Noiſe was ſuppoſed to diflolve a ſpell. So twice before in this play: 
«« No tongue; all eyes; be ſilent.“ 
Again: © ——— —— huſh ! be mute; 
& Or elſe our ſpell is marrd. STEEVENS. 
7 And my ending is deſpair, ps 5 
Unleſs I be reliew'd by prayer; ] This alludes to the old ſtories told 
of the deſpair of necromancers in their laſt moments, and of the efficacy 
of the prayers of their friends for them. WarBUuRToON. 
8 It is obſerved of The Tempeſ?, that its plan is regular; this the au- 
thor of The Reviſal thinks, what I think too, an accidental effect 
of the ſtory, not intended or regarded by our author. But, whatever 
might be Shakſpeare's intention in forming or adopting the plot, he has 
made it inſtrumental to the production of many characters, diverſified 
with boundleſs invention, and preſerved with profound ſkill in nature, 
extenſive knowledge of opinions, and accurate obſervation of life. 
In a fingle drama are here exhibited princes, courtiers, and ſailors, 
all ſpeaking in their real characters. There is the agency of airy 
ſpirits, and of an earthly goblin, 'The operations of magick, the tu- 
mults of a ſtorm, the adventures of a deſert iſland, the native effuſion 
of untaught affection, the puniſhment of guilt, and the final happi- 
neſs of the pair for whom our paſſions and reaſon are equally inter- 
eſted. Jon NxsON. | | 


W " 
1 


r ne 3-£ 5 


2 AH 24 
8 


2 * — 
3 8 2 


3 
# 2 . 44 Ss 


„ eee dee eee eee 
* 


0 
. 
A 
* * 
. 
. 
— 
o 
; 
. 
q 
2 
* 
. 
Ly 
* 
. 
* . A * — by Fas 
- < wade L cn r Xue * 5 en . Err F £ 9 7 4 . 2 x 
* 1 2 e . : , * ; ” \ N 1 e Bs AD SLES ; 2 E * 
C5 : 5 . 5 4 Es nts 8 EOS n 8 F 
2 K 5 e 


> I: - — 3 3 
5 HED = 2 
— Gu EY * 
* - 1 "=; 7 
—_ - 1 — - > 33 45 
5 
4 * — * * 


— — 5 Wy 4 Y 
— 4 SR — 4 
— <i> 


Perſons Repreſented, 


- 


Duke of Milan, father to Silvia. 
bro Gentlemen of Verona. 
Anthonio, father to Protheus. 

Thurio, a foolifþ rival to Valentine. 
Eglamour, agent for Silvia in her eſcape. 
Speed, a clowniſh ſervant to Valentine, 
Launce, ſervant to Protheus. 
Panthino“, ſervant to Anthonio. 

Hoſt, where Julia lodges in Milan. 


Out-laaus. 


— - 
— 


Wo 


— — —— 


7 . 
* — —n——— ͤnA—— — — 4644 6 * 
— — — 8 — > Pay 
we = 77 - — 22 > 


=Y 
— 
— 
— 


2 1 — 
* We; * — EY g 
AN WE” 
nd oe. O 

, 3 

— — 

9 1 


— 
— — 
— 


3 = 
\ 1 — 
—— + 
o . 4 + 


— 4 — 
8 — 


— — — 


TS - 


7% 
1 


Julia, a lady of Verona, belowed by Protheus. 
Silvia; the duke's daughter, beloved by Valentine, 
Lucetta, watiting-woman to Julia. | 


Servants, muſicians. 


SCENE, ſometimes in Verona; ſometimes in Milan; and 
on the frontiers of Mantua. 


* 


* Panthino,] In the enumeration of characters in the old copy, this 
attendant on Anthonio is called Pantbion, but in the play, always 


Pantbino. STEEVENS» | | 


N 


5 F 81 f 
FFV r a 
. n F N ; 
* ER 3 7 IF. r 5 
888 0 ; : 


TWO GENTLEMEN of VERONA! 


ACT I. 8 
An open place in Verona. 
Enter VALENTINE and PROTHEUS. 


Val. Ceaſe to perſuade, my loving Protheus; 
Home-keeping youth have ever homely wits : 


Wer't 


1 Some of the incidents in this play may be ſuppoſed to have been 
taken from The Arcadia, book I. chap. 6. where Pyrocles conſents to 
head the Helots. (The Arcadia was entered on the books of the 
Stationers* Company, Aug. 23d, 1588, and printed in 1590.) The 
love- adventure of Julia reſembles that of Viola in Twelfth Night, and 
is indeed common to many of the ancient novels. STEEVENS, 

Mrs, Lenox obſerves, and I think not improbably, that the ftory of 
Protheus and Julia might be taken from a fimilar one in the Diana of 
George of Montemayor.—** This paſtoral romance,” ſays the, “ was 
ui from the Spaniſh in Shakſpeare's time. I have ſeen no earlier 
tranſlation than that of Bartholomew Yong, who dates his dedica tion 
in November 1598; and Meres, in his Wit's Treaſury, printed the ſame 
year, expreſsly mentions the Two Gentlemen of Verona. Indeed 


Montemaycr was tranſlated two or three years before by one Thomas 


js but this work, I am perfuaded, was never publiſhed entirely 3 
perhaps ſome parts of it were, or the tale might have been tranſlated by 
others. However, Mr. Steevens ſays, very truly, that this kind of love 
adventure is frequent in the old nowelifls, FARMER. 

There is noearlier tranſlation of the Diana entered on the books of 
the Stationers' Company, than that of B. Younge, September 1598. 
Many tranſlations, however, after they were licenſed, were caprict- 
ouſly ſuppreſſed, Among others, „ The Decameron of Mr. John 
Boccage, Florentine, was © recalled by my lord of Canterbury's com- 
mands.” STEEVENS. | | 

This comedy, J believe, was written in 1595. See An Attempt to 
aſcertain the order of Shakſpeare's plays, ante. MALON E. 

It is obſervable, (I know not for what cauſe, ) that the ſtyle of this 
comedy is leſs figurative, and more natural and unaffected than the 
greater part of this author's, though ſuppoſed to be one of the firſt he 
wrote. Pore. 

e It 


i ul 


N 
* . 
3 
4 
+ 
_—_ 7 . 
NF 
_ 
. 
1 
= 
4 
1 „1 
4117 
1 
= 
„ 
$ 
+ 
+ 1 
12 
. \ 
q 
f 
1H 
TF:. 
Th i 
= 
1 
by, 
' 
l k 
x 
Mk ' 
= is * 
= 4 
189 | 
* 11 c 
l $ 
$4 i : 
6 D wy 
U 1 | 
_ * 
e 
Tho ' 
p y * - 
: 1 
if 
$ 
ö 
N 


. 
— — — 


r 
2 =y = - * 2 p = \ 
J . PL - 5 — — — 2 — = '< 
3 5 


106 TWO GENTLEMEN 


Wer't not, affection chains thy tender days 
To the ſweet glances of thy honour'd love, 


It may very well be doubted whether Shakſpeare had any other hand 
in this play than the enlivening it with ſome ſpeeches and lines thrown 
in here and there, which are eafily diſtinguiſhed, as being of a differ- 
ent ſtamp from the reſt. HANMER., | 

To this obſervation of Mr. Pope, which is very juſt, Mr. Theobald 
has added, that this is one of Shakſpeare's worſt plays, and is leſs cor- 
rupted than any otber. Mr. Upron peremptorily determines, that if any 
proof can be drawn from manner ard ſtyle, this play muſ be ſent packing, 
and ſeek for its parent eiſewwhere. How otherwiſe, ſays he, do painters 


diſtinguiſh copies from 91 iginals ? and have net authors their peculiar Ayle 


and manner, from which a true critick can form as unerring judgment as a 
painter? I am afraid this illuſtration of a critick's ſcience will not prove 
what is deſired. A painter knows a copy from an original by rules ſome- 
what reſembling thoſe by which criticks know a tranſlation, which if 
it be literal, and literal it muſt be to reſemble the copy of a picture, 
will be eafily diſtinguiſhed. Copies are known from originals, even 
when the painter copies his own picture; ſo, if an author thould lite- 
rally tranſlate his work, he would loſe the manner of an original. 

Mr. Upton confounds the copy of a picture with the imitation of a 
painter's manner. Copies are eafily known, but good imitetions are 
not detected with equal certainty, and are, by the beſt judges, often 
miſtaken. Nor is it true that the writer has always peculiarities equally 
diſtinguiſhable with thoſe of the painter. The peculiar manner of each 
ariſes from the defire, natural to every performer, of facilitating his 
ſubſequent works by recurrence to his former ideas; this recurrence 
produces that repetition which is called habit. The painter, whoſe 
work is partly intellectual and partly manual, has habits of the mind, 
the eye, and the hand; the writer has only habits of the mind. 
Yet, ſome painters have differed as much from themſelves as from any 
other; and I have been told, that there is little reſemblance between 
the firſt works of Raphael and the laſt, The ſame variation may be 
expected in writers; and if it be true, as it ſeems, that they are 
leſs ſubject to habit, the difference between their works may be yet 

eatere : 

vl But by the internal marks of a compoſition we may diſcover the au- 
thor with probability, though ſeldom with certainty. When read 
this play, I cannot but think that J find, both in the ſerious and lu- 
dicrous ſcenes, the language and ſentiments of Shakipeare. It is not 
indeed one of his moſt powerful effuſions ; it has neither many diverſi- 
ties of character, nor ſtriking delineations of life, but it abounds in 
y1wue beyond moſt of his plays, and few have more lines or paſſages, 
which, ſingly. confige 2, are eminently beautiful. I am yet inclined 
to believe that it was ot very ſucceſsful, and ſuſpect that it has eſcaped 
corruption, only becauſe, being ſeldom played, it was leſs expoſed to the 
hazards of tranſcription. JoHNS0Ns | | 


4+ -: I rather 


OFF EN 107 
I tather would entreat thy company, 
To ſee the wonders of the world abroad, 
Than, living dully ſluggardiz'd at home, 
Wear out thy youth with ſhapeleſs tdlenets *. 
But, ſince thou lov*ſt, love ſtill, and thrive therein, 
Even as I would, when I tolove begin. 
Pro. Wilt thou be gone? Sweet Valentine, adieu! 
Think on thy Protheus, when thou, haply, ſeeſt 
Some rare note-worthy object in thy travel: 
Wiſh me partaker in thy happineſs, _ fs 
When thou doſt meet good hap; and, in thy danger, 
If ever danger do environ thee, 
Commend thy grievance to my holy prayers, 
For I will be thy bead's-man, Valentine. 
Val. And on a love-book pray for my ſucceſs. 
Pro. Upon ſome book I love, I'll pray for thee. 
Val. That's on ſome ſhallow ftory of deep love, 
How young Leander crots*d the Helleſpont3. 
Pro. That's a deep ſtory of a deeper love; 
For he was more than over ſhoes in love. 
Val. Tis true; for you are over boots in love, 
And yet you never ſwom the Helleſpont. e 
Pro. Over the boots? nay, give me not the boots“. Pl 
Val. 


2 — ſhapeleſs idleneſs.] The expreſſion is fine, as implying that 
idleneſs prevents the giving any form or character to the manners. 

VARBURTONs 

3 


me ſhallow ſtory of deep love, 
How 8 ee pare 555 Prelleſpent.? The poem of Muſzus, 
entitled HERO AND LEANDER, is meant. Marlowe's tranſlation of 
this piece was entered on the Stationers* books, Sept. 18, 1593, and the 
firſt two Seſtiads of it, with a ſmall part of the third, (which was all that he 
had finiſhed,) were printed, J imagine, in that, or the following year. 
See Blount's dedication to the edition of 1637, by which it appears 
that it was originally publiſhed in an imperfect ſtate. It was ex- 
tremely popular, and deſervedly fo, many of Marlowwe's lines being as 
{mooth as thoſe of Dryden. Our author has quoted one of them in As you 
lize it, He had probably read this poem recently before he wrote the 
preſent play; for he again alludes to it in the third act: 
Why then a ladder, quaintly made of cords, 
«© Would ſerve to ſcale another Hero's tower, 
So bold Leander would adventure it.“ MaALoNnE. 
+ —7ay, give me not the boots.] A proverbial expreſſion, though now 
ditutzds 


D 


1 TWO GENTLEMEN 
Fal. No, I will not, for it boots thee not. 
Pro. What? | 


Val. To be in love, where ſcorn is bought with groans g 
Coy looks, with heart-fore ſighs; one fading moment's 


mirth, 
With twenty watchful, weary, tedious nights: 
If haply won, perhaps, a hapleſs gain; 
If loſt, why then a grievous labour won; 
However, but a folly bought with wit, 
Or elſe a wit by folly vanquyheds. | 
Pro. So, by your circumſtance, you call me fool. 


Val. So, by your circumſtance, I fear you'll prove. 


Pro. *Tis love you cavil at; Iam not love. 
Val. Love is your maſter, for he maſters you; 
And he that 1s ſo yoked by a fool, 

Methinks ſhould not be chronicled for wiſe. 

Pro. Yet writers ſay, As in the ſweeteſt bud 
The eating canker dwells ©, ſo eating love 
Inhabits in the fineſt wits of all. 

Val. And writers ſay, As the moſt forward bud 
Is eaten by the canker ere it blow, | 
Even ſo by love the young and tender wit 
Is turn'd to folly ; blaſting in the bud, 

Lofing his verdure even in the prime, 
And all the fair effects of future hopes. 
But wherefore waſte I time to counſel thee, 


diſuſed, ſignifying, don't make a laughing ſtock of me ; don't play 


upon me. The French have a phraſe, Bailler foin en corne; 


Cotgrave thus interprets, To give one the boots; to ſell him a bargain. 
| THEOBALDs 

Perhaps this expreſſion took its origin from a ſport the country peo- 
ple in Warwickſhire uſe at their harveſt- home, where one ſits as judge, 
to try miſdemeanours committed in harveſt, and the puniſhment for 
the men is to be laid on a bench, and ſlapped on the breech with a pair 
of boots. This they call giving them the boots. The boots, however, 
were anciently an engine of torture. See Mſs Harl. 6999—48. STEEv. 
5 However, but a folly &c.] This love will end in a fcoliſh action, to 
produce which you are long to ſpend your wit, or it will end in the loſs 
of your wit, which will be overpowered by the folly of love. JohN SON. 


As in the ſweeteſt bud 


The eating canker dwells,] So, in our author's 7oth Sonnet, 


« For canker vice the ſweeteſt buds doth love. MALONE. 


which 


That 


rs) 
"Ja 6, 


OF VERONSA. | og 
That art a votary to fond deſire ? . 


Once more adieu: my father at the road 


Expects my coming, there to ſee me ſhipp'd. 
Pro. And thither will I bring thee, Valentine. 
Val. Sweet Protheus no; now let us take our leave. 
At Milan“, let me hear from thee by letters, 
Of thy ſucceſs in love, and what news elſe 
Betideth here in abſence of thy friend ; 
And I likewiſe will viſit thee with mine. 155 
Pro. All happineſs bechance to thee in Milan! 
Val. As much to you at home! and ſo, farewell! 
: [Exit VALENTINE. 
Pro. He after honour hunts, I after love: 
He leaves his friends, to dignify them more; 
I leave myſelf*, my friends, and all for love. 
Thou, Julia, thou haſt metamorphos'd me; 
Made me neglect my ſtudies, loſe my time, 
War with good counſel, ſet the world at nought ; | 
Made wit * with muſing weak, heart ſick with thought 


Enter SPEED. 


Speed. Sir Protheus, ſave you: Saw you my maſter ? 
Pro. But now he parted hence, to embark for Milan. 
Speed. Twenty to one then, he is ſhipp'd already; 
And I have play'd the ſheep, in loſing him. 
Pro. Indeed a ſheep doth very often ſtray, 
An if the ſhepherd be awhile away. - 
Speed. You conclude, that my maſter is a ſhepherd then, 
and I a ſheep?®? 
Pro. I do. | 
Speed. Why then my horns are his horns, whether I 
wake. or ſleep. | 


Pro. A filly anſwer, and fitting well a ſheep. 


7 At Milan,,—)] The old copy has— To Milan. The emendation was 
made by the editor of the ſecond folio. The firſt copy however may be 
right, 4 To Milan” —may here be intended as an imperfect ſentence, 
J am now bound for Milan. MaLoNE. s 

* Tleave, &c.] Old copy—l love—s. Corrected by Mr. Pope. MAL ON. 

Made Wit] i, e. thou haſt made &c. Martone, 

9 = a ſheep ?] The'article, which is wanting in the original copy, was 
ſupplied by the editor of the ſecond folio. MArlL ox R. 

p IS Speed. 


$10 TWO GENTLEMEN 


| - 0 This proves me ſtill a ſheep. 
ro. True; and thy maſter a ſhepherd. 

Speed. Nay, that I can deny by a circumſtance. 

Pro. It ſhall go hard, but I'll prove it by another. 

Speed. The ſhepherd ſeeks the ſheep, and not the ſheep 
the ſhepherd ; but I ſeek my maſter, and my maſter ſeeks 
not me: therefore, I am no ſheep. 

Pro. The ſheep for fodder follow the ſhepherd, the 
ſhepherd for food follows not the ſheep; thou for wages 
followeſt thy maſter, thy maſter for wages follows not 
thee: therefore, thou art a ſheep. „ 

Speed. Such another proof will make me cry baa. 

Pro. But doſt thou hear? gav'ſt thou my letter to Julia? 

Speed. Ay, ſir: I, a loſt mutton, gave your letter to 
her, a laced mutton *; and ſhe, alaced mutton, gave me, 
a loſt mutton, nothing for my labour. 

Pro. Here's too ſmall a paſture for ſuch a ſtore of mut- 
tons. 7 8 | 

Speed. If the ground be overcharg'd, you were beſt 
mer her.” | | 

Pro. Nay, in that you are aſtray; *twere beſt pound 

ou. > 0 

1 Speed. Nay, fir, leſs than a pound ſhall ſhall ſerve me 
for carrying your letter. | 

Pro. You miſtake; I mean the pound, a pinfold. 

Speed. From a pound to a pin? fold it over and over, 
Tis threefold too little for carrying a letter to your lover. 


9 J, aloft mutton, gave your letter to her, a laced mutton;] Speed 
calls himſelf a /off mutton, becauſe he had loſt his maſter, and becauſe 
Protheus had been proving him a ſheep. But why does he call the 
lady a laced mutton ? Wenchers are to this day called mutton-mongers, 
and conſequently the object of their paſſion muſt be the mutton. THEO B. 

A laced mutton was in our author's time ſo eftabliſhed a term for a 
courtezan, that a ſtreet in Clerkenwell, which was much frequented 
by women of the town, was then called Mutton-lane. It ſeems to have 
been a phraſe of the ſame kind as the French expreſſion—caille coifee, 
and might be rendered in that language, mouton en corſet, * This appel- 
lation appears to have been as old as the time of king Henry III. © Item 
ſequitur gravis pena corporalis, ſed fine amiſſione vitæ vel membrorum, 
fi raptus fit de concubina legitima, vel alia qnaſtum faciente, ſine delectu 
perſonarum : has quidem oves debet rex tueri pro pace ſua,” Bratton 
de Legibus, lib. us MALONEs | | | 
. 5 Pro. 


OF U 111 
Pro. But what ſaid ſhe ? did ſhe nod 2. | 
Speed. I. [Speed nods. 
Pro. Nod, I? why that's noddy *. 
. Speed. You miſtook, fir ; I ſay ſhe did nod: and you 
alk me, if ſhedidnod; and ] ſay, I. 
Pro. And that ſet together, is noddy. 
Speed, Now you have taken the pains to ſet it together, 
take it for your pains. | 
Pro. No, no, you ſhall have it for bearing the letter. 
Speed. Well, I perceive, I muſt be fain to bear with you. 
Pro. Why, fir, how do you bear with me ? 
Speed. Marry, fir, the letter very orderly ; having no- 
thing but the word, noddy, for my pains. 
Pro. Beſhrew me, but you have a quick wit. 
Speed. And yet it cannot overtake your {low purſe. 
Pro. Come, come, open the matter in brief: What 
ſaid ſhe ? 25 | 
Speed. Open your purſe, that the money, and the mat- 
ter, may be both at once dehver'd. | 
Pro. Well ſir, here 1s for 5. pains : What ſaid ſhe? 
Speed. Truly, Sir, I think you'll hardly win her. 
Pro, Why? Couldſt thou perceive ſo much from her? 
Speed. Sir, I could perceive nothing at all from her ; 
no, not ſo much as a ducat for delivering your letter: 
And being ſo hard to me that brought your mind, I fear 
ſhe'll prove as hard to you in telling your mind. Give 
her no token but ſtones ; for ſhe's as hard as ſteel, 
Pro. What, ſaid ſhe nothing ? 


2 did ſhe nod ?] Theſe words have been ſupplied by ſome of the 
editors, to introduce what follows. STEEVENS. 

They were ſupplied by Mr. Theobald. In Speed's anſwer the 
old ſpelling of the affirmative particle has been retained ; otherwiſe the 
conceit of Protheus (ſuch as it is) would be unintelligible. MALoNE. 

3 — that's noddy.] Noddy was a game at cards. STEEVENS. 

This play upon ſyllables is hardly worth explaining. The ſpeakers 
intend to fix the name of noddy, that is fool, on each other, RExvp, 

4 —in telling your mind.] The editor of the ſecond folio, not under- 
ſtanding this, altered your to her, which has been followed in all the 
ſubſequent editions. The old copy is certainly right, The meaning 
i8, She being ſo hard to me who was the bearer of your mind, I fear ſhe 
Will prove no lejs ſo 10 you, when you addreſs Per in perſons The oppo. 
ſition is between brought and telling. MALONEs | 


8 peed. 


112 TWO GENTLEMEN 


Speed. No, not fo much as—#ake this for thy pains. Ta 
teſtify your bounty, I thank you, you have teſtern'd me 5; 
in requital whereof, henceforth carry your letters your- 
ſelf: and ſo, ſir, I'll commend you to my maſter. 

Pro. Go, go, be gone, to ſave your ſhip from wreck ; 
Which cannot periſh, having thee aboard &, 

Being deſtined to a drier death on ſhore ;— 
I mult go tend ſome better meſſenger ; _ 
I fear, my Julia would not deign my lines, 


Receiving them from ſuch a worthleſs poſt. [ Exeunt, 


S i. 5 0M 6, 
The ſame. Garden of Julia's houſe. 
Enter JuLIA and LuceTTaA. 


Jul. But ſay, Lucetta, now we are alone, 
Would thou then counſel me to fall in love? 
Luc. Ay, madam ; fo you ſtumble not unheedfully. 
Jul. Of all the fair reſort of gentlemen, 
That every day with parle encounter me, 
In thy opinion, which is worthieſt love? | 
Luc. Pleaſe you, repeat their names, I'll ſhew my mind 
According to my ſhallow ſimple ſkill. 
Ful. What think*f thou of the fair Sir Eglamour 7? 
Luc. As of a knight well-ſpoken, neat and fine ; 
But, were I you, he never ſhould be mine. 
Jul. What think'ſt thou of the rich Mercatio ? 
Luc. Well, of his wealth; but of himſelf, fo, ſo. 
Jul. What think*ſt thou of the gentle Protheus ? 
Lac. Lord, lord! to ſee what folly reigns in us! 
Jul. How now, what means this paſſion at his name? 
Luc. Pardon, dear madam; tis a paſſing ſhame, 


That I, unworthy body as I am, 


5 oer bave teftern'd me;] You have gratified me with a eſter, 
teftern, or teen, that is, with a ſixpence. JonunsoN, | | 

The old reading is—ceftern'd. STEEVENS. 

This typographical error was corrected by the editor of the ſecond 
folio. MarLons. | h | 
6 Which cannot periſh, &c.] The ſame proverb has been already al- 
Juded to. See p. 6. RrevD. : 

7 —fair Sir Eglamour ?] Sis Eglamour of Artoys is the hero of 
an ancient metrica! romance, STEEVENS, | 

Should 


OF VERONA. 
Should cenſure thus 5 on lovely gentlemen. 
Jul. Why not on Protheus, as of all the reſt? 


Luc, Then thus, —of many good I think him beſt. 
Jul. Your reaſon ? | 


Luc. J have no other but a woman's reaſon ; 


I think him ſo, becauſe I think him ſo. 


113 


Jul. 


ul. 
Luc. 


And would” thou have me caſt my love on him? 


Ay, if you thought your love not caſt, away. 
Why, he of all the reſt hath never mov'd me. 
Vet he of all the reſt, I think, beſt loves ye. 
. His little ſpeaking ſhows his love but ſmall. 

. Fire, that is cloſeſt kept, burns moſt of all. 
They do not love, that do not ſhow their love. 
.O, they love leaſt, that let men know their love. 
. I would, I knew his mind. | 

. Peruſe this paper, madam. 

. To Julia, — Say, from whom? 

. That the contents will ſhow. 


Say, ſay; who gave it thee ? | 
Sir Valentine's page ; and ſent, I think, from 


Protheus : 
He would have 4 e it you, but I, being in the way, 
Did in your name receive it; pardon the fault, I pray. 
Jul. Now, by my modeſty, a goodly broker“! 
Dare you preſume to harbour wanton lines ? 
To whiſper and conſpire againſt my youth? 
Now, truſt me, tis an office of great worth, 
And you an officer fit for the place. 
There, take the paper, ſee it be return'd ; 
Or elſe return no more into my ſight. | 
Luc. To plead for love deſerves more fee than hate. 
Jul. Will you be gone? 
Luc. That you may ruminate. | Exit. 
Jul. And yet, I would I had o'erlook'd the letter. 
It were a ſhame, to call her back again, 


And pray her to a fault for which I chid her. 


8 Should cenſure thus—] To cenſure, in our author's time, generally 
ſignified to give one's judgment or opinion. MATLON R. 
9 —a godly broker !] A broker was uſed for matchmaker, ſometimes 


for a procureſs. JouNs0N. Res, ; 
Vor. I. . I What 


114 TWO GENTLEMEN 
What fool is ſhe, that knows I am a maid, 
And would not force the letter to my view? 
Since maids, in modeſty, ſay No, to that * 
Which they would have the profferer conſtrue, Ay. 
Fie, fie! how wayward is this fooliſh love, 
That, like a teſty babe, will ſcratch the nurſe, 
And preſently, all humbled, kiſs the rod! 
How churliſhly I chid Lucetta hence, 
When willingly I would have had her here! 
How angrily I taught my brow to frown, 
When inward joy enforc'd my heart to ſmile 
My penance is, to call Lucetta back, 
And aſk remiſſion for my folly paſt :— 
What ho! Lucetta ! | 
Re-enter Luck TTA. 
Luc. What would your ladyſhip ? 
Jul. Is it near dinner-time ? 
Lac, I would, it were; 
'That you might kill your 
And not upon your maid. 
Jul. Whatis't that you 
Took up ſo gingerly ? 
Luc. Nothing. | 
Jul. Why didſt thou ftoop then? 
Luc. To take a paper up that I let fall. 
Jul. And is that paper nothing? 
Luc. Nothing concerning me. 
Jul. Then let it lie for thoſe that it concerns. 
Luc. Madam, it will not lie where it concerns, 
Unleſs it have a falſe interpreter. | 
Jul. Some love of yours hath writ to you in rhime. 
Luc. That I might ſing it, madam, to a tune: 
Give me a note: your ladyſhip can ſet. 
Jul. As little by ſuch toys as may be poſſible: 
Beſt ſing it to the tune of Light o' love. | 
Luc. It 1s too heavy for ſo light a tune. | 
Jul. Heavy? belike, it hach ſome burden then. 


1 - ſay No, to that &c.] A paraphraſe on the old proverb, „ Maids 
Tay nay, and take it.“ STEEVENS. | 
2 — ſtomach] was uſed for paſſion or obſtinacy. JoHN80N. 


ſtomach on your meat, 


So 
1 


4 


Luc. 


OF VERONA. | 115 

Luc. Ay; and melodious were it, would you ſing it. 

Jul. And why not you? | 

Luc. IT cannot reach ſo high. 

Jul. Let's ſee your ſong: How now, minion ? 

Luc, Keep tune there ſtill, ſo you will ſing it out: 
And yet, methinks, I do not like this tune. 

Jul. You do hot? 

Luc. No, madam ; 1t 1s too ſharp. 

Jul. You, minion, are too ſaucy. 

Luc. Nay, now you are too flat, 

And mar the concord with too harſh a deſcant !: 
There wanteth but a mean“ to fill your ſong. 
Jul. The mean is drown'd with your unruly baſe. 
Luc. Indeed, I bid the baſe for Protheus 5. _ 

Jul. This babble ſhall not henceforth trouble me. 
Here is a coil with proteſtation !— [Tears the letter: 
Go, get you gone; and let the papers lie: 

You would be fingering them, to anger me. EE 

Luc. She makes it ftrange ; but ſhe would be beſt pleas'd 
To be ſo anger'd with another letter. [ Exit. 

Ful. Nay, would I were ſo anger'd with the ſame ! 

O hateful hands, to tear ſuch loving words | 

Injurious waſps ; to feed on ſuch ſweet honey, 

And kill the bees, that yield it, with your ſtings! 

Pll kiſs each ſeveral paper for amends. 

Look, here is writ=4ind Fulia ;—unkind Julia! 

As in revenge of thy ingratitude, 

I throw thy name againſt the bruiſing ſtones, 

Trampling contemptuouſly on thy diſdain. 

And here is writ—/owve-wounded Protheus.— 

Poor wounded name! my boſom, as a bed, | 

Shall lodge thee, till thy wound be throughly heal'd ; 
n 

3 — tov harſh a deſcant:] Deſcant is a term in muſic. See Si 
John Hawkins's note on the firſt ſpeech in X. Richard III. STEEVENS. 

4+ — but a mean, &c,] The mean is the tenor in muſic. STEEVENS 

5 Indeed, I bid the baſe for Pretbeus.] The ſpeaker here turns the 
alluſion (which her miſtreſs employed) from the baſe in muſick to 2 
country exerciſe, Bid the baſe: in which ſome purſue, and others are 
made priſoners. So that Lucetta would intend, by this, to ſay, In- 
deed I take pains to make you a captive to Protheus's paſſion. War Bs 


Dr. Warburton is not quite accurate. The game was not called Bid 
| | * the 


J 


116 TWO GENTLEMEN 


And thus I ſearch it with a ſovereign kiſs, 

But twice, or thrice, was Protheus written down: 
Be calm, good wind, blow not a word away, 

Till IJ have found each letter in the letter, 

Except mine own name; that ſome whirlwind bear 
Unto a ragged, fearful, hanging rock, i 
And throw it thence into the raging ſea ! 

Lo, here in one line is his name twice writ, — 


Poor forlorn Protheus, paſſionate Protheus, 


To the fweet Fulia that I'll tear away; 
And yet I will not, ſith fo prettily 

He couples it to his complaining names : 
Thus will I fold them one upon another; 


Now kiſs, embrace, contend, do what you will. 


Re-enter Luck TTA. 
Luc. Madam, dinner's ready, and your father ſtays. 
Ful. Well, let us go. 
Luc. What, ſhall theſe papers lie like tell-tales here? 
Jul. If you reſpe@ them, beſt to take them up. 
Luc. Nay, I was taken up for laying them down: 
Yet here they ſhall not lie, for catching cold. 
Jul. I ſee, you have a month's mind to them ©. 
Luc. Ay, madam, you may ſay what ſights you ſee ; 
I ſee things too, although you judge I whit 
Jul. Come, come, will't pleaſe you go? [Exenrt, 
the Baſe, but the Baſe. To bid the baſe means here, 1 believe, to chal- 
lenge to a centeſt. So, in our author's Venus and Adonis: 
6 To bid the wind a baſe he now prepares, 
6 And wh'er he run, or fly, they knew not whether.” MALON E. 


6 I ſee, you have a month's mind to them.] A month's mind was an 
enniverſary in times of popery; or, as Mr. Ray calls it, a leſs ſolem- 


' nity directed by the will of the deceaſed, There was alſo a year's 


mind, and a week's mind. See Proverbial Phraſes, GRE. | 

A month's mind, in the ritual ſenſe, ſignifies not defire or inclina- 
tion, but remembrance ; yet I ſuppoſe this is the true original of the 
expreſſion. 1 | 

In Hampſhire, and other weſtern counties, for «I can't remember 
it, they ſay, I can't mind it.” BLacksToNE. | 

If this line was deſigned for a verſe, we ſhould read-monthes mind. 
So, in the Midſummer Nipht's Dream: | 9 

« Swifter than the moones ſphere,” 

Both theſe are the Saxon genitive caſe. STEEVENS. 


SCENE 


48 - 2 3 
3 n 


R 
5 RITES 
r Tre 


N FFC F 


Sa C 


PFE 
WR i PFC mn 


O F VERONA. | 117 


S N 
The ſame. A Room in Anthonio's Houſe. 


Enter AnTHONIo and PANTHINO. 


Ant. Tell me, Panthino, what ſad talk 7 was that, 
Wherewith my brother held you in the cloitter ? 
Pant. *Twas of his nephew Protheus, your ſon. 
Ant. Why, what of him? 
Pant. He wonder'd, that your lordſhip 
Would ſuffer him to ſpend his youth at home; 
While other men, of ſlender reputation, 


Put forth their ſons to ſeek preferment out: 


Some tg the wars, to try their fortune there; 
Some, to diſcover iſlands far away * ; 
Some, to the ſtudious univerſities. 
For any, or for all theſe exerciſes, 
He ſaid, that Protheus, your ſon, was meet; 
And did requeſt me, to impörtune you, 
To let him ſpend his time no more at home, 
Which 8 be great impeachment to his age ?, 
In having known no trayel in his youth. 

Ant. Nor need'ſt thou much impörtune me to that 
Whereon this month I have been hammering. 
I have conſider'd well his loſs of time; "0 
And how he cannot be a perfe& man, 
Not being try'd, and tutor'd in the world: 
Experience is by induſtry atchiev'd, 
And perfected by the ſwift courſe of time: 
Then, tell me, whither were I beſt to ſend him ? 


7 — what ſad talk] Sad is the ſame as grave or ſerious. JOHNSON. 
3 Some, to diſcover iſlands of away ;] In Shakſpeare's time, voy- 
ages for the diſcovery of the iſlands of America were much in vogue. 
And we find, in the journals of the travellers of that time, that the 
ſons of noblemen, and of others of the beſt families in England, went 
very frequently on theſe adventures. Such as the Forteſcues, Collitons, 
Thornhills, Farmers, Pickerings, Littletons, Willoughbys, Cheſters, 
Hawleys, Bromleys, and others. To this prevailing faſhion our poet 
frequently alludes, and not without high commendations of it. Warn. 
great impeachment ts bis age, ] Impeachment is hindrance. 
a, | ; STEEVENS. 


1 3 - Pant. 


118 TWO GENTLEMEN 


Pant. I think, your lordſhip is not ignorant, 
How his companion, youthful Valentine, 
Attends the emperor in his royal court *. 
Ant. I know it well. 
Pant. Twere good, I think, your lordſhip ſent 7 
thither : : 
There ſhall he practiſe tilts and tournaments, 
Hear ſweet diſcourſe, converſe with noblemen ; 
And be in eye of every exerciſe, 
Worthy his youth and nobleneſs of birth. 
Ant. I like thy counſel ; well haft thou advis'd ; 
And, that thou may'ſt perceive how well I like it, 
'The execution of it thall make known ; 
Even with the ſpeedieſt expedition 5 
I will * him to the emperor's court. 
Pant, To-morrow, may it pleaſe you, Don Alphonſo, 
With other gentlemen of good eſteem, 
Are journeying to falute this emperor, 
And to commend their ſervice to his will, 
Ant. Good company; ; with them ſhall Protheus go: 
And, in good time *,—now will we break with him. 


Enter PrROTHEUS, 


Pro. Sweet love! ſweet lines! ſweet life! 
Here is her hand, the agent of her heart ; 
Here is her oath for love, her honour's pawn : 


O, that our fathers would applaud our loves, 


1 Attends the emperor in his royal court] Shakſpeare has been guil- 

1 tyof no miſtake in placing the emperor's court at Milan in this play. 
Several of the firſt German emperors held their courts there occaſion- 
ally, it being, at that time, their immediate property, and the chief 
town of their Italian dominions. Some of them were crowned kings of 
Italy at Milan, before they received the imperial crown at Rome. Nor 
has the poet fallen into any contradiction, by giving a duke to Milan at 
the ſame time that the emperor held his court there, The firſt dukes 
of that, and all the other great cities in Italy, were not ſovereign 
Irinces, as they afterwards became; but were merely governors, or 
viceroys, under the emperors, and removeable at their pleaſure. Such 

was the Dake of Milan mentioned in this play. STEEVENS. 

* —in good time, | In good time was the old expreflion when ſome- 
thing happened which ſuited the thing in hand, as the French ſay, 


a ropos. Jornsow. 
2 5 To. 


88 ee bo 
FL TS A 5 „ e 
ff S mn. 3 . 
e * 72 3 HI 2 Pe: 5 EIT 
4 . — 7 AE * * wv o FRED. 1 XZ "I'P--"7. 
ö 7 5 4 — LAG n 


: > 2 % 

Ws r 5 — — 

Jö — Oe A * * 
8 p . 2 * ag Wt 2 


OF YE 119 


To ſeal our happineſs with their conſents ! 
O heavenly Julia! 
Ant. How now? what letter are you reading there? 
Pro. May't pleaſe your lordſhip, 'tis a word or two 
Of commendation ſent from Valentine, n 
Deliver'd by a friend that came from him. 
Ant. Lend me the letter; let me ſee what news. 
Pro. There is no news, my lord; but that he writes 
How happily he lives, how well belov'd, 
And daily graced by the emperor; 
Wiſhing me with him, partner of his fortune. 
Ant, And how ſtand you affected to his with ? 
Pro. As one relying on your lordſhip's will, 


And not depending on his friendly with. 


Ant. My will is ſomething ſorted with his with ; 
Muſe not that I thus ſuddenly proceed ; TE 
For what I will, I will, and there an end. 

Jam reſolv*d, that thou ſhalt ſpend ſome time 
With Valentinus in the emperor's court ; 

What maintenance he from his friends receives, 
Like exhibition *® thou ſhalt have from me. / 
To-morrow be in readineſs to go: | 


Excuſe it not, for I am peremptory. 


Pro. My lord, I cannot be ſo ſoon provided ; 
Pleaſe you, deliberate a day or two. ; 
Ant. Look, what thou want'ſt, ſhall be ſent after thee : 
No more of ſtay ; to-morrow thou muſt go.— 
Come on, Panthino ; you ſhall be employ'd 
To haſten on his expedition. | 
8 Exeunt ANTHONIO and PANT HINO. 
Pro. Thus have I ſhunn'd the fire, for fear of burn- 


ing; 
And a me in the ſea, where I am drown'd : 
I fear'd to ſhew my father Julia's letter, SS 
Leſt he ſhould take exceptions to my love; 
And with the vantage of mine own excuſe. 
Hath he excepted moſt againſt my love. 


3 —exbilition] i. e. allowance. STEEVENS. 


17 „ O, how 


the pronunclation of them without the help of an entirely new ſyſtem 


120 TWO GENTLEMEN 


O, how this ſpring of love reſembleth + 
The uncertain glory of an April day; 
Which now ſhews all the beauty of the ſun, 

And by and by a cloud takes all away ! 


Re-enter 


4 O, how this ſpring of love reſembleth] It was not always the cu- 
ftom among our early writers to make the firſt and third lines rhime to 
each other; and when a word was not long enough to complete the 


_ meaſure, they occaſionally extended it. Thus Spenſer, in his Faery 


Queen, B. II. c. 12: | 5 

& Formerly grounded, and. faſt ſetteled. 
Again, B. II. c. 12: 

& The while ſweet Zephirus loud wvhiſte/ed, &c. 

From this practice, I ſuppoſe our author wrote reſembeleth, which, 
though it affords no jingle, completes the verſe. Many poems have 
been written in this meaſure, where the ſecond and fourth lines only 
rhime. STEEVENS. | 

Reſembleth is here uſed as a quadriſyllable, as if it was written re- 
ſembeletb. See Com. of Errors, Act V. 1c. the laſt: 

&« And theſe two Dromios, one in ſemblance.” 
As you like it, Act II. ſc. ii. i 
« The parts and graces of the aꝛbreſtler.“ 8 

And it ſhould be obſerved, that Shakſpeare takes the ſame liberty with 
many other words, in which /, or 7, is ſubjoined to another conſonant. 
See Com. of Errors, next verſe but one to that cited above: 

© Theſe are the parents to theſe children.“ | 
where ſome editors, being unneceſſarily alarmed for the metre, have 
endeavoured to help it by a word of their own: - > 

% Theſe plainly are the parents to theſe children.” TY RWAHITT. 

Thus much I had thought ſufficient to ſay upon this point, in the 
edition of theſe plays publiſhed by Mr. Steevens in 1778, Since which 
the Author of Remarks, &c. on that edition has been pleaſed to aflert, 


p. 7. © that Shakſpeare does not appear, from the above inſtances at 


leaſt, to have taken the ſmalleſt liberty in extending his words: neither 


has the incident of J, or r, being ſubjoined to another conſonant any 


thing to do in the matter.“ The truth is,” he goes on to ſay, that 
every verb in the Engliſh language gains an additional ſyllable by its ter- 
mination in eff, eth, ed, ing, or, (when formed into a ſubſtantive) in 
er; and the above words, when rightly printed, are not only unexcep- 
tionable, but moſt juſt, Thus reſemble makes reſemble- eth; wreſtle, 
#ureſtle-er ; and ſettle, whiſtle, tickle, make ſetrle-ed, wvhiſtle-ed, tickle-ed." 

As to this ſuppo/ed Canon of the Engliſh language, it would te eaſy 
to ſhew that jt is quite fanciful and unfounded ; and what he calls he 
rig ht method of printing the above words is ſuch as, I believe, was never 
adopted before by any mortal in writing them, nor can be followed in 


of 


has, 
1 


I 
% 
+ 5% 
is 
. 
1 
755 
"W's 
8 
Is 
P77 
. 
3 
8 
N 
bl 


r 
359 


— r ͤ . 43 Ned 7 

. . F 
IEEE A os br . He POV LE. EEE. 

Ms Is 25 ALS OE ee eg 


"DF TTT 121 
Re-enter PANTHINO. 


Pant. Sir Protheus, your father calls for you; 


He is in haſte, therefore, I pray you, go. 
Pro. Why, this it is! my heart accords thereto ; 


And yet a thouſand times it anſwers + 0. [Excunt. 


of ſpelling. But any further diſcuffon of this matter is unneceſſary 3 
becauſe the hypotheſis, though allowed in its utmoſt extent, will not 
prove either of the points to which it is applied, It will neither prove 
that Shakſpeare has not taken a liberty in extending certain words, nor 
that he has not taken that liberty chiefly with words in which J, or , 
is ſubjoined to another conſonant. The following are all inſtances of 
nouns, ſubſtantive or adjective, which can receive no ſupport from 
the ſuppoſed Canon. That Shakſpeare has taken a liberty in extend- 
ing theſe words is evident, from the conſideration, that the ſame words 
are more frequently uſed, by his contemporaries and by himſelf, without 
the additional ſyllable. Why he has taken this liberty chiefly with 
words in which J, or r, is ſubjoined to another conſonant, muſt be ob- 
vious to any one who can pronounce the language. 
Country, triſyllable. | 
T. N. Act I, ſc. ii. The like of him. Know'ſt thou this country? 
Coriol. Act I. ſc. iii. Die nobly for their country, than one. 
Remembrance, quadriſyllable. 
T. N. Act I. ſc. i. And laſting in her ſad remembrance. 
W. T. Act IV. ſc. iv. Grace and remembrance be to you both. 
Angry, tryſyllable. 
Timon. Act III. ſc. v. But who is man, that is not angry. 
Henry, triſyllable. 
Rich. III. Act II. fc. iii. So ſtood the ſtate, when Henry the Sixth. 
2 H. VI. Act II. ſc. ii. Crown'd by the name of oY the Fourth. 
And ſo in many other paſſages. 
Monſtrous, triſyllable. 
Macb. Act IV. ſc. vi. Who cannot want the thought how monſtrous. 
Othello. Act II. ſc. iii. Tis monſtrous» Iago, Who began it ? 
Aſſembly, quadriſyllable. 
M. A. A. N. Act V. ſc. laſt, Good morrow to this fair aſſembly. 
Douglas, triſyllable. 
1 H. IV. Ac V. ſc. ii. Lord Douglas go you and tell him ſo. 
England, triſyllable. 
Rich. II. Act IV. fc. i. Than eee return to England. 
Humbler, trityllables 
1 H. VI. Act III. ſc. i. Methinks 1 lordſhip ſhould be bumbler. 
Nobþler, triſyllable. 
Corel, Act III. ſc. i it, You do the nobler. Cor. I muſe my mother—, 
TyRWHITT. 


ACT 


122 TWO GENTLEMEN 


r. 
Milan. 4 Rœom in the Duke's Palace, 
Enter VALENTINE and SEED. 


Speed. Sir, your glove. 
Val. Not mine; my gloves are on. 
Speed. Why then this may be yours, for this 1s but 
one ?. 
Val. Ha! let me ſee : ay, give it me, it's mine: 
Sweet ornament that decks a thing divine! 
Ah Silvia! Silvia! 
Speed. Madam Silvia! madam Silvia! 
Fal. How now, firrah ? | 
Speed. She is not within hearing, fir. 
Val. Why, fir, who bad you call her? 
Spced. Your worihip, fir ; or elſe I miſtook. 
Val. Well, you'll ſtill be too forward. 
Speed, And yet I was laft chidden for being too flow. 
Fal. Go to, fir ; tell me, do you know madam Silvia? ? 
Speed. She that your worſhip loves? 
Fal. Why, how know you that I am in love? 
Speed. Marry, by theſe ſpecial marks: Firſt, you have 
learn'd, like fir Protheus, to wreath your arms like a male- 
content; to reliſh a love-ſong, like a Robin-red-breaſt ; 
to walk alone, like one that had the peſtilence ; to figh, 
like a ichool-boy that had loſt his ABC; to weep, like 
a young wench that had buried her grandam ; ; to faſt, like 
one that takes diet ©; to watch, like one that fears rob- 


s Val. Not mine, my gloves are on. 
Speed. hy then, this may be yours; for this is but 3 It 
fhould ſeem from this paſſage, that the word one was anciently pro- 
nounced as if it were written on. 'The quibble here is loſt by the 
change of pronunciation; a loſs, however, which may be very pati- 
1 endured. MALONE. 
5 —fakes diet;] To take diet was the phraſe for being under a regi- 
men for a diſeaſe mentioned in Timon : 
f bring down the roſe cheek'd youth 
6 * To the tub-faſt and rhe diet.” STEEVENS» 


4 bing; 


OF VERONA. 1 


bing; to ſpeak puling, like a beggar at Hallowmas 7. 
You were wont, when you laugh'd, to crow like a cock; 
when you walk' d, to walk like one of the lions; when 
vou faſted, it was preſently after dinner; when you look' d 
ſadly, it was for want of money: and now you are meta- 
morphos'd with a miſtreſs, that, when I look on you, I 
can hardly think you my maſter. 

Val. Are all theſe things perceived in me? 

Speed. 'They are all perceived without ye. 

Val. Without me? they cannot. | | 

Speed. Without you? nay, that's certain; for, without 
you were ſo ſimple, none elſe would“: but you are ſo with- 
out theſe follies, that theſe follies -are within you, and 
ſhine through you like the water in an urinal; that not an 
eye, e ſees you, but is a phyſician to comment on your 
malady. - 

Val. But, tell me, doſt thou know my lady Silvia? 

Speed. She, that you gaze on fo, as ſhe fits at ſupper ? 

Val. Haſt thou obſerved that? even ſhe I mean. 

Speed, Why, fir, I know her not. 

Val. Doſt thou know her by my gazing on her, and yet 
know'ſt her not ? | | 

9peed. Is ſhe not hard-favour'd, fir? 

Val. Not fo fair, boy, as well-favour'd, 

Speed. Sir, I know that well enough. 

Val. What doſt thou know ? | | 

Speed. That ſhe is not ſo fair, as (of you) well-favour*d. 

Val. I mean, that her beauty is exquiſite, but her fa- 
vour infinite, | Ce, 


7 —Hallowmas.] That is, about the feaſt of All- Saints, when winter 
begins, and the life of a vagrant becomes leſs comfortable. JoxNsoNe 
Is it worth remarking, that on All-Saints-Day the poor people in 
Staffordſhire, and perhaps in other country places, go from pariſh to 
pariſh a ſouling as they call it; i. e. begging and puling (or ſinging ſmall, 
as Bailey's Dict. explains puling) for ſoul-cakes, or any good thing to 
make them merry ? This cuſtom is mentioned by Peck, and ſeems a 
remnant of Popith ſuperſtition to pray for departed fouls, particularly 
thoſe of friends. The ſouler's long, in Staffordſhire, is different from 
that which Mr. Peck mentions, and is by no means worthy publica- 
tion. ToLLET. | Web 
none elſe wwould :] None elſe would be ſo fimple, Jon xsOx. 
| | Speed. 


124 TWO GENTLEMEN 

Speed. That's becauſe the one is painted, and the other 
out of all count. 

Val. How painted? and how out of count? 

Speed. Marry, fir, ſo painted, to make her fair, that 
no man *counts of her beauty. 

Val. How eſteem'ſt thou me? I account of her beauty. 

Speed. You never {aw her ſince ſhe was deform'd. 

Val. How long hath ſhe been deform'd ? 

Speed. Ever fince you loved her. 

Val. J have loved her ever ſince I ſaw her; and All I 
fee her beautiful. 

Speed. If you love her, you cannot ſee her, 

Val. Why? 

Speed. Becauſe love is blind. O, that you had mine 
eyes; or your own eyes had the lights they were wont to 
have, when you chid at fir Protheus for going ungartered ® ! 

Val. What ſhould I ſee then? | 

Speed. Your own preſent folly, and her paſſing defor- 
mity : for he, being in love, could not ſee to garter his 
hoſe; and you, being in love, cannot ſee to put on your 
hoſe. 

Val. Belike, boy, then you are in love ; for laſt morn- 
ing you could not ſee to wipe my ſhoes. 

Speed. True, ſir; I was in love with my bed: I thank 
you, you ſwinged. me for my love, which makes me the 
bolder to chide you for yours. 

Val. In conclufion, I ftand affected to her. : 

Speed. I would you were ſet ; ſo, your. affection would 
ceale. 

Val. Laſt night ſhe enjoin'd me to write ſome lines to 
one ſhe loves. 

Speed. And have you ? 

Lal. I have. 

Speed. Are they not lamely writ ? 

Val. No, boy, but as well as I can do them ;— 

Peace, here ſhe comes. 

9 — for going ungartered 1] This is enumerated by Roſalind in A. 

You Like It, Act III. ſc. ii. as one of the undoubted marks of love: 


«© Then your hoſe ſhould be er 7 yOu bonnet unbanded, &c.“ 
MAL ONE. 


Enter 


8 1/287 R 4 % 
S o 
CC FT an A 
8 © ITY 3 8902 VVV | 
V BEE? > oh JET oe RE ESE) . 


FEY ET 
Pas . 


OF VERONA. 125 


| Enter SILVIA. | | 
Speed. O excellent motion*! O exceeding puppet | 
Now will he interpret to her. 
Val. Madam and miſtreſs, a thouſand good morrows. 
Speed. O, give ye good even! here's a million of 
manners. [ A/rde. 
Sil. Sir Valentine and ſervant *, to you two thouſand. 
Speed. He ſhould give her intereſt ; and ſhe gives it him. 
al. As you enjoin'd me, J have writ your letter, 

Unto the ſecret nameleſs friend of yours ; 

Which I was much unwilling to proceed in, 

But for my duty to your ladyſhip. 

Sil. I thank you, gentle ſervant : *tis very clerkly done 3, 
Val. Now truſt me, madam, it came hardly off * ; 

For, being ignorant to whom it goes, 

I writ at random, very doubtfully. | 
Sil. Perchance you think too much of ſo much pains ? 
Val. No, madam ; ſo it ſtead you, I will write, 

Pleaſe you command, a thouſand times as much : 

And yet,— 35 
Sil. A pretty period! Well, I gueſs the ſequel ; 

And yet I will not name it :—and yet I care not ;— 

And yet take this again ;—and yet I thank you ; 

Meaning henceforth to trouble you no more. 

Speed. And yet you will; and yet another yet. [ 4#e. 
Val. What means your ladyſhip ? do you not like it? 
Sil. Yes, yes! the lines are very quaintly writ : 

But ſince unwillingly, take them again; 

_ Nay, take them. 
Val. Madam, they are for you. 


F 


1 O excellent motion! &.] Motion, in Shakſpeare's time, ſignified 
puppet, and ſometimes a puppet-ſhow. Speed means to ſay, that Silvia 
is a puppet, and that Valentine is to interpret to, or rather for her. 
8 SIR J. HAwWwEk INS. 

2 — ſerant,] Here Silvia calls her lover ſervant, and again, below, 
her gentle ſervant. This was the language of ladies to their lovers at 
the time when Shakſpeare wrote. SIR J. HAwKiNs. 

3 — tis very clerkly done.] i. e. like a ſcholar. STEEV ENS. 

4 —it came hardly off; ] A ſimilar phraſe occurs in Timon, Act I. fc. i: 

„This comes off well and excellent.” STEEVENS. 


Sil. 


126 TWO GENTLEMEN 
Sil. Ay, ay; you writ them, fir, at my requeſt ; 
But I will none of them ; ; they are for you: 
I would have had them writ more movingly. 
Fal. Pleaſe you, I'll write your ladyſhip another. 
Si]. And, when it's writ, for my ſake read it over: 
And, if it pleaſe you, ſo; if not, why, ſo. 
Val. If it pleaſe mie, madam ; what then ? 
Sil. Why, if it pleaſe you, take it for your labour; 
And ſo good-morrow, ſervant. [ Exit SILVIA, 
Speed. O Jeſt unſeen, inſcrutable, inviſible, 
As a noſe on a man's face, or a weathercock on a ſteeple! 
My maſter ſues to her; and ſhe hath taught her ſuitor, 
He being her pupil, to become her tutor. | 
O excellent device] was there ever heard a better? 
That my maſter, being ſcribe, to himſelf ſhould write the 
letter? 


Val. How now, fir ? what are you reaſoning with yourſelf5? 


Speed. Nay, I was rhiming ; *tis you that have the reaſon. 
Val. To do what? 
Speed. To be a ſpokeſman from madam Silvia. 
Val. To whom? 
Speed. To yourſelf : why, ſhe wooes you by a _— 
Val. What figure? 
| Speed. By a letter, I ſhould ſay. 
Val. Why, ſhe hath not writ to me? | 
+ Speed. What need flie, when ſhe hath made you write 
to yourſelf ? Why, do you not perceive the jeſt ? 
Val. No, believe me. 


Speed. No believing you indeed, fir : But did you per- 


ceive her earneſt ? 

Val. She gave me none, except an angry word. 

Speed. Why, ſhe hath given you a letter. 

Val. That's the letter I writ to her friend. 

Speed. And that letter hath ſhe deliver'd, _ there an 
end®. 


55 1 would, it were no worſe. 


S — reaſoning with yourſelf?] That is, di 88 talking. An 


Italianiſm. Jon xs. 
© wm and there an end.] i. e. there's the coneluſion of the matter. 
STEEVENS. 


Speed. 


— 
ri 3 
„ CAT OKC 2 * 
. n K . i 
7 n 2 Pt, : SER 
— ö 0 2 n 


2 


7 c N 
FFF JFF... 1 
- TN TT INS. „FTT 
* . f „ K bo n S 
> ; 3 


OF VERONA. 127 
Speed. I'll warrant you, *tis as well:  _ 
For often have you writ to her; and fhe, in modeſty, 
Or elſe for want of idle time, could not again reply; 
Or fearing elſe ſome meſſenger, that might her mind diſcover, 
Herſelf hath taught her lowe himſelf to write unto her lover. 
All this I ſpeak in print 7 ; for in print I found it.— 
Why muſe you, fir? *tis dinner time. 

Val. I have dined. 

Speed. Ay, but hearken, ſir: though the cameleon love 
can feed on the air, I am one that am nouriſh'd by my 
victuals, and would fain have meat: O, be not like your 
miſtreſs; be moved, be moved. | [ Exeunte 


| 8 CE: MN» 
Verona. A Room in Julia's Houſes 
Enter PROTHEUsS and JULIA. 


Pro. Have patience, gentle Julia. 
Ful. I muſt, where is no remedy. 
Pro. When poſſibly I can, I will return. 
Jul. If you turn not, you will return the ſooner : 
Keep this remembrance for thy Julia's ſake. 
TE [giving à ring. 
Pro. Why then we'll make exchange; here, take you this. 
Jul. And ſeal the bargain with a holy kiſs. 
Pro. Here is my hand for my true conſtancy; 
And when that hour o'er-ſlips me in the day, 
Wherein I figh not, Julia, for thy fake, 
The next enſuing hour ſome foul miſchance 
Torment me for my love's forgetfalneſs ! 
My father ſtays my coming; anſwer not; 
The tide is now: nay, not thy tide of tears; 
That ride will ſtay me longer than I ſhould ; 
Julia, farewell.—What ! gone without a word? [Exit Jui. 
Ay, ſo true love ſhould do: it cannot ſpeak ; | 
For truth hath better deeds, than words, to grace it. 
| Enter PANTHINO. 
Pant, Sir Protheus, you are ſtaid for. 
Pro. Go; I come, I come :— © | | 
Alas! this parting ftrikes poor lovers dumb. [ Exeunt. 


7 —3z print ;] Means with exaFneſs. STEVENS. 


SCENE 


128 TWO GENTLEMEN 


SCENE II. 
The ſame. A Street. 
Enter LAUNCE, leading a dog. 


Launce. Nay, *twill be this hour ere I have done weep- 


ing; all the kind of the Launces have this very fault: I 


have received my proportion, like the prodigious ſon, and 
am going with fir Protheus to the imperial's court. 

think, Crab my dog be the ſoureſt-natured dog that lives: 
my mother weeping, my father wailing, my ſiſter crying, 
our Maid howling, our cat wringing her hands, and all 
our houſe in a great perplexity, yet did not this cruel- 
hearted cur ſhed one tear : he is a ſtone, a very pebble- 
ſtone, and has no more pity in him than a dog: a Jew 
would have wept to have ſeen our parting ; why, my 
grandam having no eyes, look you, wept herſelf blind at 
my parting. Nay, I'll ſhow you the manner of it: This 
ſhoe is my father ;—no, this left ſhoe is my father ;—no, 
no, this left ſhoe is my mother ;—nay, that cannot be ſo 
neither ;—yes, it is ſo, it is ſo; it hath the worſer ſole : 


This ſhoe, with the hole in it, is my mother, and this 


my father; A vengeance on't ! there *tis : now, fir, this 
ſtaff is my ſiſter; r, look you, ſhe is as white as a lilly, 
and as ſmall as a wand: this hat is Nan, our maid; I am 
the dog : — no, the dog is himſelf, and I am the dog. 


oh, the dog is me, and I am myſelf; ay, fo, fo. Now 


come I to my father; Father, your bleſing; now ſhould 
not the ſhoe ſpeak a word for weeping ; now ſhould I kiſs 
my father ; well, he weeps on : now come I to my mother, 
(O, that ſhe could ſpeak now!) like a wood woman® ;— 
LE | well, 


7 — Tom the dog: — Kc. ] This paſſage is much confuſed, and of con- 
fufion the preſent reading makes no end. Sir T. Hanmer reads, I am 
the dog, no, the dog is himſelf, and J am me, the dog is the dog, and I 
am myſelf. This certainly is more reaſonable, but I know not how 
much reaſon the author intended to beſtow on Launce's ſoliloquy. 

| | | JonnsoN. 
s like a wood woman J] i. e. a frantick woman. The old copy 
reads —wwould woman. The emendation is Mr, Theobald's. MAL ONE. 


Oh ! 


8838 


w 3 e . 3 8 * 
— n - ; : 2 * 
0 + e Ys 5 


1 


N 
9 
22 
* 
£3 
&, 
wal 
8 
8 
WA,” 
Wl 
— 2.1 
Ss 
ET. 
A; 
3 
Ta 
SUI: 
fd A 
Ter 
ds >, 
TT 
(Ik 
46 
Ee. + 
3 
N 
- 8 
'- 
— 3 - 
;- 4” 
8 
> Ia 
„ 
"1,778 
e 
$0" * 
2 2 
DIS 
x 
1 
8 
2 
48 
9 
_ 
11 
- 
3 
3 * 
"a 
LEY 
N i 
es 
1 
8 , 
Be — 
,- - 
_ 
- 
- 
5 * 
5 * 
* 3 
1 
—_— 
1 
A 
„ 
3 
- x 
_— 
- "I 
158 
Ws” 
SR 
Fe 
' "LR 
9 
_— 
Fa 
38 
WW 
3 
3 
x7 
_— 
Rog 
_ 
- 8 
1 So 
, 
iv 
FB 
"8 


— 


. 
8 8 


* 


IC N 8 8 rn 
P 4 NE F 
r P 
8 n - ES; GOUT Ne 

> * N 5 80 OY > 1 5 Ser. 

W 1 

N 2 5 2 Ute x * 0 8 


* 


OF VERONA. 1129 


well, I kiſs her: —why there 'tis; here's my mother's 
breath up and down: now come I to my ſiſter ; mark the 
moan ſhe makes: now the dog all this while ſheds not a 
tear, nor ſpeaks a word; but ſee how I lay the duſt with 


my tears. | 
| Enter PANTHINO. 


Pant. Launce, away, away, aboard; thy maſter is 
ſhipped, and thou art to poſt after with oars. What's the 
matter ? why weep'ſt. thou, man ? Away, aſs; you will 
loſe the tide, if you tarry any longer. 

Launce. It is no matter if the ty'd were loſt? ; for it is 
the unkindeſt ty'd that ever any man ty'd. 

Pant. What's the unkindeſt tide ? 

Launce. Why, he that's ty'd here; Crab, my dog. 

Pant. Tut, man, I mean thou'lt loſe the flood; and, 
in loſing the flood, loſe thy voyage; and, in loſing thy 
voyage, loſe thy maſter ; and, in loſing thy maſter, loſe 
thy ſervice; and, in loſing thy ſervice, Why doſt thou 
ſtop my mouth ? : 

Launce. For fear thou ſhould” loſe thy tongue. 

Pant. Where ſhould I loſe my tongue ? 

Launce. In thy tale. 

Pant. In:thy tail? | | 

Launce. Loſe the tide, and the voyage, and the maſter, 


Ob ! that ſhe could ſpeak now like a wood-woman ] I am not certain 
that I underſtand this paſſage. Moad, or crazy women, were anciently 
ſuppoſed to tell fortunes. Launce may therefore mean, that as her 
geſtures are thoſe of frantick perſons, ſo he wiſhes ſhe was poſſeſſed of 
their other powers, and could predict his fate. Or ſhould we point the 
line as interrupted ? Oh that ſhe could ſpeak now like a wood wo- 
man ! meaning, I with ſhe could ſpeak—but ſhe behaves as if ſhe were 
out of her ſenſes! STEEVENS. 

Print thus: Now come I to my mother (oh that ſhe could ſpeak 
now |!) like a wood woman. Perhaps the humour would be heightened 
by reading (oh that the ſve could ſpeak now!) BrackxsTonE, 

I have followed the punctuation recommended by Sir W. Blackſtone. 
The emendation propoſed by him was made, I find, by Sir T. Han- 
mer. MaLoNE, 

9 —if the ty'd were loft ;] This quibble, wretched as it is, might 
have been borrowed by Shakſpeare from Lylly's Endymion, 1591 : 6 Epi. 
You know it is ſaid, the tide tarrieth for no man. Sam. True. 
Epi. A monſtrous lye : for I was ry'd two hours, and tarried for 
one to unloſe me.” STEEVENS» 


Vol., I. 


and 


_ as if written coats, MALONE. 


130 TWO GENTLEMEN 
and the ſervice, and the tide * ? Why, man, if the river 


were dry, I am able to fill it with my tears ; if the wind 


were down, I could drive the boat with my ſighs. 


Pant. Come, come away, man; I was ſent to call thee. 
Launce. Sir, call me what om dareſt. 

Pant. Wilt thou go? | 
 Launce. Well, I will go.  [Exeunt. 


SO ( IV. 
Milan. 4 Room in the Duke's Palace. 


Enter VaLENTINE, SILVIA, THURIO, and SPEED. 


Sil. Servant,— 

Val. Miſtreſs ? 

Speed. Maſter, fir Thurio N on you. 
Val. Ay, boy, it's for love. 

Speed. Not of you. 

Val. Of my miſtreſs then. 

Speed. Twere good, you knock'd him. 
Sil. Servant, you are ſad. 

Val. Indeed, madam, I ſeem ſo. 

Thu. Seem you that you are not? 
Val. Haply, I do. 

T hu. So do counterfeits. 

Val. So do you. ; 
Thu, What x 6 E that I am not? 

Val. Wile. 

Thu. What inſtance of the contrary ? 
Val. Your folly. 

Thu. And how quote you my folly ? ? 
Val. I quote it in your jerkin. 

Thu. My jerkin is a doublet. 

Val. Well, then, I'll double your folly 
Thu. How ? 

Sil. What, angry, fir Thurio ? do you change colour ? 


1 and the tide ? 0 I ſhould ſuppoſe theſe three words to be repeated 
through ſome error of the printer. STEEVENS. 


2 — how quote you my folly ? ] hows is to obſerve. STEEVENS. 


Valentine in his anſwer plays upon the word, which Was pronounced. 


| Fal. 


= 9 
——— 
_ 


3 
$55 


OF. VER ON A.” 131 
Val. Give him leave, madam; he is a kind of came- | 
leon. E 
Thu. That hath more mind to feed on your blood, than 
live in your air. 
Val. You have ſaid, ſir. 
Thu. Ay, fir, and done too, for this time. 
Val. I know it well, fir; you always end ere you begin. 
Si]. A fine volley of words, gentlemen, and quickly 
ſhot off. | | 8 | 
Val. Tis indeed, madam ; we thank the giver. 
Sil. Who is that, ſervant? | | 
Val. Yourſelf, ſweet lady; for you gave the fire: fir 
Thurio borrows his wit from your ladyſhip's looks, and 
ſpends what he borrows, kindly in your company 
Thu. Sir, if you ſpend word for word with me, I ſhall 
make your wit bankrupt. 
Val. J know it well, fir: you have an exchequer of 
words, and, I think, no other treaſure to give your fol- 
lowers ; for it appears by their bare liveries, that they 
live by your bare words. | 
Sil. No more, gentlemen, no more; here comes my 
father. 


Enter Duke. 


Due. Now, daughter Silvia, you are hard befet.] 


Sir Valentine, your father's in good health : 

What ſay you to a letter from your friends 

Of much good news ? 
Val. My lord, I will be thankful. 

To any happy meſſenger from thence. 

Duke, Know you Don Anthonio, your countryman? 

Val. Ay, my good lord, I know the gentleman 

T5 be of worth, and worthy eſtimation, 

And not without deſert ſo well reputed 3. 
Duke. Hath he not a ſon? 
Val. Ay, my good lord; a fon, that well deſerves - 


The honour and regard of ſuch a father, 


Duke. You know him well ? 


3 And not vit bout deſert &c.] And not dignified with ſo much repue 
tation without proportionate merit. JOHNSON. 5 


K 2 Fal. 


132 TWO GENTLEMEN 
Val. I knew him, as myſelf; for from our infancy 
We have convers'd, and ſpent our hours together: 
And though myſelf have been an idle truant, 
Omitting the ſweet benefit of time, 
To cloath mine age with angel-like perfection; 
Yet hath fir Protheus, for that's his name, 
Made uſe and fair advantage of his days; 
| His years but young, but his experience old; 
His head unmellow'd, but his judgment ripe ; 
And, in a word, (for far behind his worth 
Come all the praiſes that I now beſtow,) 
He is complete in feature, and in mind, 
With all good grace to grace a gentleman. . 
Dake. Beſhrew me, fir, but, if he make this good, 
He is as worthy for an empreſs' love, 
As meet to be an emperor's counſellor. 
Well, fir; this gentleman 1s come to me, 
With commendation from great potentates ; 
And here he means to ſpend his time a-while : 
T think, 'tis no unwelcome news to you. 
Val. Should J have wiſh'd a thing, it had been he. 
Duke. Welcome him then according to his worth ; 
Silvia, I ſpeak to you; and you, fir Thurio:— 
For Valentine, I need not *cite him to it!?! 
Fl ſend him hither to you preſently. [Exit Duke. 
Val. This is the gentleman, I told your ladyſhip, 
Had come along with me, but that his miſtreſs 
Did hold his eyes lock'd in her cryſtal looks. E 
Sil. Belike, that now ſhe hath enfranchis'd them LL 
Upon ſome other pawn for fealty. | | 
Val. Nay, ſure, I think, ſhe holds them priſoners ſtill. 
Sil. Nay, then he ſhould be blind; and, being blind, 
How could he ſee his way to ſeek out you ? 
Val. Why, lady, love hath twenty pair of eyes. 
Thu. They ſay, that love hath not an eye at all. 
Val. To ſee ſuch lovers, 'Thurio, as yourſelf ; 
Upon a homely object love can wink. | 


8 


4 I need not cite bim to it ] Bo ©: incite him to it. MALONE. N 


Enter 


93. 


* r _ N N 8 3 Dcr 9 ä n . 
2 * 8 * 1 8 8 L 8 F 1 rr. *7 wS 2 3 LM hee 
TY Ee SS Oe Ee OP I 3 3 HRT, eee 
wh C N Fc SW 
* 2 3 n F 8 Dee n 2 n 8 Se 8 "44 208 r 
; ; So 1 REES ce E FF OE REES n 
: — 7 - : : x 8 n 8 5 


ID» 


"ONT 0 3 4 3 
n * Sd” \ 2 8 HE IgE OE SE e * 3 * 
9 7)J7FCCC0ͥã⁰ ò IE I a CCI ĩ ĩ o ER RE TTING * 
- HEE ents On r 8 OD A ER 8 9 G -" 


9 8 
2 e + EF 
7 e C N N 
. - 5 e e 2 * * 
i n 8 LANE . "HI ery ks TS, MAE Eee, 
. 25 >, 5 . . l . 


OFF VERGNA. 133 


Enter PROTHEUS, 


510. Have done, have done; here comes the gentleman, 
Val. Welcome, dear Protheus !—Miſtreſs, I beſeech you, 
Confirm his welcome with ſome ſpecial favour. | 
Sil. His worth is warrant for his welcome hither, 
If this be he you oft have wiſh'd to hear from. 
Val. Miſtreſs, it is: ſweet lady, entertain him 
To be my fellow-ſervant to your ladyſhip. 
Sl. Too low a miſtreſs for ſo high a ſervant. 
Pro. Not ſo, ſweet lady; but too mean a ſervant 
To have a look of ſuch a worthy miſtreſs. | 
Val. Leave off diſcourſe of diſability :— 
Sweet lady, entertain him for your ſervant. 
Pro. My duty will I boaſt of, nothing elle. 
S:z/. And duty never yet did want his meed : 
Servant, you are welcome to a worthleſs miſtreſs. 
Pro. I'll die on him that ſays ſo, but yourſelf. 
Sl. That you are welcome: 
Pro. That you are worthleſs 5. 


: Enter Servant. | | 


Ser. Madam, my lord your father would ſpeak with you. 
Sil. Ill wait upon his pleaſure. [Exit Servant. ] Come, 
Sir Thurio, | 
Go with me :—Once more, new ſervant, welcome: 
Pl leave you to confer of home-affairs | 
When you have done, we look to hear from you. 
Pro. We'll both attend upon your ladyſhip. 
| [Exeunt SILVIA, THURIO, and SPEED, 
Val. Now, tell me, how do all from whence you came? 
Pro. Your friends are well, and have them much com- 
mended. | | 
Val. And how do yours? 


5 That you are worthleſs.] Dr. Johnſon reads No, that you are 
worthleſs. But perhaps the particle which he has ſupplied is un- 
neceſſary, Worthleſs was, I believe, uſed as a triſyllable. See Mr. 
Tyrwhitt's note, p. 120. MALoNE. 

Ser. Madam, —] This ſpeech, which was given in the old copies 


to Thurio, was properly transferred to the Servant by Mr. Theobald. 


MALONE. 


K 3 Pro. 


Too N 


Pro. I left them all in health. 
Val. How does your lady? and how thrives your love? 
Pro. My. tales of love were wont to weary you ; 
I know, you joy not in a love- diſcourſe. 
Val. Ay, Protheus, but that life is alter'd now: 
J have done penance for contemning love; 
Whoſe high imperious thoughts 7 have puniſh'd m 
With bitter faſts, with penitential groans, | 
With nightly tears, _ daily heart-ſore fighs ; 
For, in revenge of my contempt of love, 
Love hath chac'd fleep from my enthralled eyes, 
And made them watchers of mine own heart's ſorrow. 
O, gentle Protheus, love's a mighty lord; 
And hath ſo humbled me, as, I confeſs, 
There is no woe to his correction *, 
Nor, to his ſervice, no ſuch joy on earth! 
Now, no diſcourſe, except it be of love ; 
Now can I break my faſt, dine, ſup, and ſleep, 
Upon the very naked name of love. 
Pro. Enough; I read your fortune in your eye: 
Was this the idol that you worſhip fo ? 
Val. Even ſhe ; and is ſhe not a heavenly ſaint ? 
bh Pro. No; but ſhe is an earthly paragon. 
| Val. Call her divine. 
RE Pro. I will not flatter her, 
Val. O flatter me; for love delights in praiſes. 
Pro. When I was ſick, you gave me bitter pills; E 
| And I muſt miniſter the like to you. 2 
b ' _Pal. Then ſpeak the truth by her; if not divine, 


5 7 Whoſe high imperious thoughts] For whoſe I read thoſe, I have 
* contemned love and am puniſhed. Thoſe high thoughts, by which I 
| exalted myſelf above humaa paſſions or frailties, have brought upon me 
| faſts and groaus. [oN SON. i N 5 
; I believe the old copy is right. Imperious is an epithet very frequently 
applied to love by Shakſpeare and his contemporaries. A few lines 
lower Valentine obſerves, that „“ love's a mighty lord.” MALONE. 
. Þ 9 woe to bis correction;] No miſery that can be compared to the 
| | puniſhment inflicted by love. Herbert called for the prayers of the Li- 
-turgy 2 little before his death, ſaying, None to them, none to them. 
| 8 Jon Nsox. 


Vet 


1 eee LE £59 92 N 5 ar nenn RTE * * 1 r nr * » e 
8 of ba TOE OS : 4 en. 7 Leg 4 E n n + 
* l 8 9 nen F e ern. eh 8 oP FTT 12 LL 
AS PTA gs hs 8 888 77 .. I I naar ⅛ c? Ü˙n! 71 
N SEES CC ĩ ͤ ant ion Sor hd Sorry) 
. F een . 7 . AO SY of A Et 2 
2 : 5 : 


== 
Tt 
— 


OF VE OO (( 135 
Vet let her be a principality *, 
Sovereign to all the creatures on the earth. 
Pro. Except my miſtreſs. 
Val. Sweet, except not any; | 
Except thou wilt except againſt my love. 
Pro. Have I not reaſon to prefer mine own ? 
Val. And I will help thee to prefer her too: 
She ſhall be dignified with this high honour, — 
To bear my lady's train; leſt the baſe earth 
Should from her veſture chance to ſteal a kiſs, 
And, of fo great a favour growing proud, 
Diſdain to root the ſummer-ſwelling flower *, 
And maxe rough winter everlaſtingly. 
Pro. Why, Valentine, what braggardiſm 1s this ? 
Val. Pardon me, Protheus : all I can, is nothing 
To her, whoſe worth makes other worthies nothing; 
She is alone ?, 
Pro. Then let her alone. 5 
Val. Not for the world: why, man, ſhe is mine own ; 
And J as rich in having ſuch a jewel, 
As twenty ſeas, if all their ſand were pearl, 
Ihe water nectar, and the rocks pure gold. 
Forgive me, that I do not dream on thee, 
Becauſe thou ſee' ſt me dote upon my love. 
My fooliſh rival, that her father likes, 
Only for his poſſeſſions are ſo huge, 
Is gone with her along; and I muſt after, 
For love, thou know'|, is full of jealouſy. 
Pro. But ſhe loves you? | 
Val. Ay, and we are betroth'd ; nay, more, our mar- 
riage hour, | FLY 
With all the cunning manner of our flight, 
Determin'd of: how I muſt climb her window; 

I a principality,] The firſt or principal of women. So the old 
writers uſe ate.“ She is a lady, a great ſtate.” Latymer, JoRN SN. 
There is a ſimilar ſenſe of this word in St. Paul's Epiſtle to the Ro- 

mans, viii. 38.—“% nor angels, nor principalities.” STEEVENS. 
2 — ſurmner-ſwelling flower, ] The ſummer-ſwelling flower is the 
flower vaich ſwells in ſummer, till it expands itſelf into bloom. STEEv. 
3 She is alone.] She ſtands by herſelf. There is none to be compared 


to her, JOHNSON, 
K 4 The 


136 TWO GENTLEMEN 


'The ladder made of cords; and all the means 
Plotted, and *greed on, for my happineſs. 
Good Protheus, go with me to my chamber, 
In theſe affairs to aid me with thy counſel, 
Pro. Go on before ; I ſhall enquire you forth : 
I muſt unto the road *, to diſembark 
Some neceſſaries that I needs muſt uſe ; 
And then I'll preſently attend you. 
Val. Will you make haſte ? 5 : 
Pro. I will, — | [Exit VALENTINE. | 
Even as one heat another heat expels, = 
Or as one nail by ſtrength drives out another, : 
So the remembrance of my former love | | 
Is by a newer object quite forgotten 3. , | 
Is it mine eye, or Valentinus' praiſe , 5 
Her true perfection, or my falſe tranſgreſſion, 
That makes me, reaſonleſs, to reaſon thus? 
She's fair; and fo is Julia, that I love ;— 
That I did love, for now my love is thaw'd ; 
Which, like a waxen image gainſt a fire 7, 


ON non © : 

N n 
ITS NL IS 
A je 7, 


e 
8 SE 8 HRS 


Bears 


4 — the road] The haven ; where ſhips ride at anchor. MAL ONE. 
s Ewen as one heat another beat expels, 
Or as one nail by ftrengtb drives out another, 
So the remembrance of my former love 
Is by a newer object quite forgotten. ] Our author ſeems here ta 
have remembered The Tragicall Hyſtery of Romeus and Fulict, 1 562: ; 
« And as out of a planke a nayle a nayle dorh drive, 
Ss novel love out of the minde the auncient love doth rive.“ 
So alſo, in Ceoriclanus : 
« One fire drives out one fire; one nail one nail,” MALONE. 
6 Ts it mine eye, or Valentinus' praiſe. ] The word eye, which is not in 
the firſt folio, was ſupplied by Dr. Warburton. The editor of the ſecond 
folio, finding the line defective, abſurdly filled it up thus: =: 
Is it mine then, or Valentinean's praiſe. -þ 

The old copy has —Valen tines, and perhaps the Saxon genitive caſe | 3 
was intended. The reading however, that I have placed in the text, is 
Juftified by a former line, See page 119. Maron. 

7 — 2 Waxen image gainſt a fire,] Alluding to the figures made by 
witches, as repreſentatives of thoſe whom they deſigned to torment or 
deſtroy, STEEvENsS. | 

King James aſcribes theſe images to the devil, in his Treatiſe of De- 
Monologic i= to ſome others at theſe times he teacheth to make 


pictures of waxe or claye, that by the roaſting thereof, the perſons e 
they 


. 
3 


W * 
„ Po 77 5 i 
* + = * 4 4 
8 26S {IN 
8 . 


- QF VE A GN A 137 
Bears no impreſſion of the thing it was. | 
Methinks, my zeal to Valentine 1s cold ; 
And that I love him not, as I was wont : 
O! but I love his lady too, too much; 
And that's the reaſon I love him ſo little. 
How ſhall I dote on her with more advice *, 
That thus without advice begin to love her ? 
Tis but her picture I have yet beheld“, 
And that hath dazzled my reaſon's light; 
But when TI look on her perfections, | 
There is no reaſon but 1 ſhall be blind *. 
If I can check my erring love, I will; 


If not, to compaſs her I'Il uſe my ſkill. | [ Exit. 
S$SCENE-YV, 
A Street. 


Enter SPEED and LAUNCE. 


Speed. Launce! by mine honeſty, welcome to Milan“. 
Launce. Forſwear not thyſelf, ſweet youth; for I am not 
welcome. I reckon this always—that a man is never un- 


they bear the name of may be continually melted, and dried away by 
continual ſickneſſe.““ See Servius on the 8th Eclogue of Virgil; Theoc. 
Idyl. it. 22; Hudibras, p. 2. l. 2. Ve 331. S. W. | 

— with mere advice,] 1s, on further knowledge, on better conſidera- 
tion. STEEVENS. . | 

The word is ſtill current among mercantile people, whoſe conftant 
language is „ we are adviſed by letters from abroad; meaning—in- 
formed. So, in bills of exchange, the concluſion always is, „without 
further advice—.” MALONE. 

9 *Tis but her picture &c.] Protheus means, that, as yet, he had 
ſeen only her outward form, without having known her long enough to 
have any acquaintance with her mind. So, in Cymbeline : 

«© All of her, that is out of door, moſt rich! | 
6 Tf the be furniſh'd with a mind ſo rare, &c.“ STEEVENS. 
1 And that hath dazzled my reaſon's light ; | 
But <ohen I lot &c.) Our author uſes dazzled as a triſylla- 
ble. The editor of the ſecond folio not perceiving this, introduced ſo, 
(And that hath dazzled ſo” &c.) a word as hurtful to the ſenſe as un- 
neceſſary to the metre. The plain meaning is, Her mere outſide has 
dazzled me; h n I am acquainted with the perfe&ions of her mind, I 
ſpall be truck blind. MALONE. 2 

* — to Milan.] It is Padua in the former editions, See the note on 
Act III. p. 149. Port, 


done, 


138 TWO GENTLEMEN 


done, till he be hang'd; nor never welcome to a place, 
till ſome certain ſhot be paid, and the hoſteſs ſay, welcome. 
Speed. Come on, you mad-cap, I'll to the ale-houſe 
with you preſently ; where, for one ſhot of five pence, 
thou ſhalt have five thouſand welcomes. But, ſirrah, how 
did thy maſter part with madam Julia:? 
Launce. Marry, after they cloſed in earneſt, they parted 
very fairly in jeſt. 
Speed. But ſhall ſhe marry him? 
Launce. No. 
Speed. How then? Shall he marry her? 
Launce. No, neither. 
= Speed. What, are they broken? 
= | Launce. No, they are both as whole as a fiſh. 


, Speed. Why then, how ſtands the matter with them ? 

b Lanunce. Marry, thus; when it ftands well with him, 

: it ſtands well with her. = 

1 Speed. What an aſs art thou? I underſtand thee not. = 
"| Launce. What a block art thou, that thou canſt not? 1 


| My ſtaff underſtands me 3. 
| | Speed. What thou ſay'ſt! ? 
_ | Launce. Ay, and what I do too: look thee. Pl but lean, 
iy and my ſtaff underſtands me. 
We Speed. It ftands under thee, indeed, 
4  Launce. Why, ſtand- under and underſtand is all one. 
| Speed. But tell me true, will't be a match? 

Launce. Aſk my dog: if he ſay, ay, it will; if he ſay, 
4 no, it will; if he "Nis his tail, and fay nothing, it will. 
by Speed. The concluſion is then, that it will. 
44 | Launce. Thou ſhalt never get ſuch a ſecret from me, but 
by a parable. 
| Speed. Tis well that I get it ſo. But, Launce, how 
ſay' ſt thou, that my maſter is become a notable lover? 


3 My Haff underſtands me.] This equivocation, miſerable as it is, 
has been admitted by Milton in his great poem, B. vi: 
6 —— The terms we ſent were terms of weight, 
cc Such as we may perceive, amaz'd them all, 
«© And ftagger'd many; who receives them right, 
N & Had need from head to foot well underfiand ; ES 
«© Not underſtood, this gift they have beſides, 
&« To ſhew us when our foes ſtand not _— Jonnson, 
Launce. 


— —— 
: l b © 
>” 2 


— met ́— ern ered 


— — 


— — — — - oc 


- * 


— —— —CC—_— 
— — — 


— —— * 
—— — —— —U— — 


— 
— 


_ 5 — 
— . 
= — 2 * 
— — . 


— . ˙ » IR an. 


— — —— —0ʒZẽƷ > K e. 8 1 


o F VERONA. 139 


Launce. I never knew him otherwiſe. 

Speed. Than how ? 

Launce. A notable lubber, as thou reporteſt him to be. 

Speed. Why, thou whorſon aſs, thou miſtakeſt me. 

Launce.Why, fool, I meant not thee ; I meant thy maſter. 

Spzed. I tell thee, my maſter is become a hot lover. 

Launce. Why, I tell thee, I care not though he burn 
himſelf in love. If thou wilt go with me to the ale-houſe, 
ſo*; if not, thou art an Hebrew, a Jew, and not worth 
the name of a Chriſtian. 

Speed, Why ? 

Launce, Becauſe thou haſt not ſo much charity in thee, 
as to go to the ale? With a Chriſtian : Wilt thou go? 

Speed. At thy ſervice. | LExeunt. 


SCENE VI. 
The ſame. A Room in the Palace. 


Enter PROTHEUS. 


Pro. To leave my Julia, ſhall I be forſworn ; 
To love fair Silvia, ſhall I be forſworn; 
To wrong my friend, I ſhall be much forſworn ; 
And even that power, which gave me firſt my oath, 
Provokes me to this threefold perjury. 
Love bad me ſwear, and love bids me forſwear : 
O ſweet-ſuggeſting love ®, if thou haſt ſinn'd, 
Teach me, thy tempted ſubject, to excuſe it! 
At firſt I did adore a twinkling ſtar, 
But now I worſhip a celeſtial ſun. 
Unheedful vows may heedfully be broken ; 
And he wants wit, that wants reſolved will 
To learn his wit to exchange the bad for better.— 


4 IF thou wilt go with me ts the ale-bouſe, ſo;] Sa, which is want- 
ing in the firſt folio, was ſupplied by the editor of the ſecond. Maron. 
5 — the ale] Ales were merry-meetings inſtituted in country 
places. STEEVENS. | 
9 0 ſweet-ſuggeſting love,] To ſuggeſt is to tempt in our author's 
language. So again: Eo 
* Knowing that tender youth is ſoon ſuggeſſed.“ | 
The ſenſe is. O tempting love, if thou baſt influenced me to fin, teach 
mne to excuſe it, Jon NSG. | 
2 : Fie, 


« 
! 
1 


140 TWO GENTLEMEN 
Fie, fie, unreverend tongue! to call her bad, 
Whoſe ſovereignty ſo oft thou haſt preferr'd 
With twenty thouſand ſoul-confirming oaths. 

I cannot leave to love, and yet I do; 

But there I leave to love, where I ſhould love. 
Julia I loſe, and Valentine J loſe : 

If I keep them, I needs muſt loſe myſelf ; 

If. I loſe them, thus find J by their loſs, 

For Valentine, myſelf ; for Julia, Silvia. 
I to myſelf am dearer than a friend; 

For love is ſtill more precious in itſelf : 

And Silvia, witneſs heaven, that made her fair! 
Shows Julia but a ſwarthy Ethiope. | 

I will forget that Julia 1s alive, 

Rememb'ring that my love to her is dead; 

And Valentine I'll hold an enemy, 1 
Aiming at Silvia as a ſweeter friend. by 
I cannot now prove conſtant to myſelf, 0 
Without ſome treachery uſed to Valentine 
This night, he meaneth with a corded ladder 

To climb celeſtial Silvia's chamber-window ; 
Myſelf in counſel, his competitor 7: 

Now preſently I'll give her father notice 

Of their diſguiſing, and pretended flight *; 
Who, all enrag'd, will baniſh Valentine ; 

For Thurio, he intends, ſhall wed his daughter: 
But, Valentine being gone, I'II quickly croſs, 

By ſome fly trick, blunt Thurio's dull proceeding. 


7 — in counſel, bis competitor 1] Myſelf, who am bis competitor or 
rival, being admitted to his counſel. JoxnsoN. | 
Competitar is confederate, aſſiſtant, partner. So, in Antony and Cleopatra: 

& Tt is not Cæſar's natural vice, to hate | = 
4 % One great competitor.” _ 
and heis ſpeaking of Lepidus, one of the triumvirate. . STEEVENS. "8 
Perhaps Dre Jan's explanation of competitor is the true one, and 
ce in counſel” here ſignifies, in ſecret 3 myſelf being ſecretly hisrival. 
See a note on the Merry , Wives. of Windſor, Act I. ſc. i. It were 
better for you, if't were known in counſel.” T' offer this rather as 
a poſſible, than a probable, interpretation. MAL ONE. . 
» — pretended flight ;] Pretended flight is propoſed or intended flight. 
So, in Macbeth: | 
What good could they pretend? 'STEEVENS, | 
q Love, 


3 
<7 

* - 

- 2p 
N 
2. 

5 6h 
9:4 

8 

* 
N 
WEL, 
2 
$2 
=: 
2 

8 

* 
il 
7 2 
* 1 


—— — —— ů —— . ·˙·!.Äͤ . h De 


OF VERON A, It 
Love, lend me wings to make my purpoſe ſwift, 
As thou haſt lent me wit to plot this drift?! [ Exit, 


SCENE 
Verona. 4 Room in julia's Houſe, 


Enter JULIA and LUCETTA. 


Jul. Counſel, Lucetta : gentle girl, afliſt me! 
And, even in kind love, I do conjure thee,— 
Who art the table wherein all my thoughts 
Are viſibly characer'd and engrav'd,— 

To leſſon me; and tell me ſome good mean, 
How, with my honour, I may undertake 
A journey to my loving Protheus. | 

Luc. Alas ! the way is weariſome and long. 

Jul. A true-devoted pilgrim is not weary 
To meaſure kingdoms with his feeble ſteps ; _ 
Much leſs ſhall ſhe, that hath love's wings to fly; 
And when the flight is made to one ſo dear, 

Of ſuch divine perfection, as fir Protheus. 

Luc. Better forbear, till Protheus make return. 

Jul. O, know'it thou not, his looks are my ſoul's food? 
Pity the dearth that I have pined in, 

By longing for that food ſo long a time. 

Didſt thou but know the inly touch of love, 
Thou would'ſt as ſoon go kindle fire with ſnow, 
As ſeek to quench the fire of love with words. 

Luc. ] do not ſeek to quench your love's hot fire; 
But qualify the fire's extreme rage, 

Leſt it ſhould burn above the bounds of reaſon. 

Ful. The more thou dam'ſt it up, the more it burns: 
The current, that with gentle murmur glides, 

Thou know'ſt, being ſtopp'd, impatiently doth rage 
But, when his fair courſe is not hindered, | Bo 
He makes ſweet muſick with the enamel'd ſtones, 

Giving a gentle kiſs to every ſedge 


9 I ſuſpect that the author concluded the act with this couplet, and 
that the next ſcene ſhould begin the third act; but the change, as 
it will add nothing to the probability of the action, is of no great im- 
portance. JokNsOoN. | 


: Wy ; He 


142 TWO GENTLEMEN 
He overtaketh in his pilgrimage ; . 95 
And ſo by many winding nooks he ſtrays, 
With willing ſport, to the wild ocean. 
Then let me go, and hinder not my courſe: 
I'll be as patient as a gentle ſtream, 
And make a paſtime of each weary ſtep, 
Till the laſt ſtep have brought me to my love; 
And there I'Il reſt, as, after much turmoil; 
A bleſſed ſoul doth in Elyſium. 
Luc. But in what habit will you go along ? 
Jul. Not like a woman; for I would prevent 
'The looſe encounters of laſcivious men : 
Gentle Lucetta, fit me with ſuch weeds 
As may beſeem ſome well-reputed page. 
Luc. Why then your ladyſhip|muſt cut your hair. 
Jul. No, girl; II knit it up in filken ſtrings, 
With twenty odd-conceited true-love knots : | 
To be fantaſtick, may become a youth 
Of greater time than I ſhall ſhow to be. 
Luc. What faſhion, madam, ſhall I make your breeches ? 
Ful. That fits as well, as“ tell me, good my lord, 
C What compaſs will you wear your farthingale?“ 
Why, even that faſhion thou beſt lik*ſt, Lucetta. 
Luc. You muſt needs have them with a cod- piece“, 
madam. | 
Jul. Out, out, Lucetta*! that will be ill-favour'd. 
Luc, A round hoſe, madam, now's not worth a pin, 
Unleſs you have a cod-piece to ſtick pins on. 
Ful. Lucetta, as thou lov'ſt me, Tot me have 
What thou think*ſt meet, and 1s moſt mannerly : 


T — With a cod-piece, &c.] Whoever wiſhes to be acquainted with 
this particular, relative to dreſs, may confult Bulwer's Artificial Change- 
ling, in which ſuch matters are very amply diſcuſſed. Ocular in- 
ſtruction may be had from the armour ſhewn as John of Gaunt's in the 
Tower of London. The ſame faſhion appears to have been no lefs of- 

enſive in France. See Montaigne, chap. XXII. The cuſtom of ſticks» 
ing pins in this oftentatious piece of indecency was -continued by the 
UHberat warders of the Tower, till forbidden by authority. STEEVENS. 

2 Out, out, Lucetta! &c.]J Dr. Percy obſerves, that this inter- 
jection is {till uſed in the North, It ſeems to have the ſame meaning as 
apage, Lat. STEEVENS. ; 

e But 


> ad * * . 8 IE WT 3 . IS . LE 7 8 1 78 7 Z OT > OAT TO 7 3 De 3%, FEED. 7 


OF VERONA. 143 


But tell ms, wench, how will the world repute me, 

For undertaking ſo unſtaid a journey ? | 

I fear me, it will make me ſcandaliz' d. 

Luc. If you think ſo, then ſtay at home, and go not. 
Jul. Nay, that I will not. 
Luc. Then never dream on infamy, but go. 

If Protheus like your journey, when you come, 

No matter who's diſpleas'd, when you are gone: 

I fear me, he will ſcarce be pleas'd withal. | 
Jul. That is the leaſt, Lucetta, of my fear: 

A thouſand oaths, Mocean of his tears, 

And inſtances as infinite 3 of love, 

Warrant me welcome to my Protheus. 

Luc. All theſe are ſervants to deceitful men. 
Jul. Baſe men, that uſe them to ſo baſe effect! 

But truer ſtars did govern Protheus” birth: 

His words are bonds, his oaths are oracles ; 

His love ſincere, his thoughts immaculate ; 

His tears, pure meſſengers ſent from his heart ; 

His heart as far from fraud, as heaven from earth. 
Luc. Pray heaven, he prove ſo, when you come to him! 
Jul. Now, as thou lov'ſt me, do him not that wrong, 

To bear a hard opinion of his truth: | 

Only deſerve my love, by loving him ; 

And preſently. go with me to my chamber, 

To take a note of what I ſtand in need of, 

To furniſh me upon my longing journey +. 

All that is mine | leave at thy diſpoſe, 

My goods, my lands, my reputation 

Only, in lien thereof, diſpatch me hence. 

Come, anſwer not, but to it preſently ; 

I am impatient -of my tarriance. [ Exeunt, 


3 — as infinite] Old edit. of infinite, JohNSo . 

The emendation was made by the editor of the ſecond folio. MAL ONE. 
| + — my longing journey. ] Dr. Grey obſerves, that longing is a par- 
ticiple active, with a paſſive fignitication ; for /onged, wiſhed or de- 
fired, STEEVENS. ; 


ACT 


144 TWO GENTLEMEN 


ACT HE U 1. 


Milan. Arn Ante-room in the Duke's Palace, 


Enter Duke, THukio, and PROTHEUS. 
Duke. Sir Thurio, give us leave, I pray, awhile; 


We have ſome ſecrets to confer about. [| Exit: TH RIO. 
Now, tell me, Protheus, what's your will with me? 


Pro. My gracious lord, that which I would diſcover, 
The law of friendſhip bids me to conceal : 
But, when I call to mind your gracious favours 
Done to me, undeſerving as I am; 1 
My duty pricks me on to utter that . 
Which elſe no worldly good ſhould draw from me. 
Know, worthy prince, ſir Valentine, my friend, 
This night intends to ſteal away your daughter; 
Myſelf am one made privy to the plot. 
I know, you have determin'd to beſtow her 
On Thurio, whom your gentle daughter hates ; 


And ſhould ſhe thus be ſtolen away from you, 


It would de much vexation to your age. 
Thus, for my duty's fake, I rather choſe 
To croſs my friend in his intended drift, 


'Than, by concealing it, heap on your head 


A pack of ſorrows, which would preſs you down, 

Being unprevented, to your timeleſs grave. 
Duke. Protheus, I thank thee for thine honeſt care; 

Which to requite, command me while I live. 

This love of theirs myſelf have often ſeen, 

Haply, when they have judg'd me faſt aſleep ; 

And oftentimes have purpos'd to forbid 

Sir Valentine her company, and my court : 

But, fearing leſt ny jealous aim 5 might err, 

And ſo, unworthily, diſgrace the man, 

(A raſline!s that I ever yet have ihunn'd,) 

I gave him gentle looks ; thereby to find 


5 ww jealous aim] Aim is gueſs. So, in Romeo and Fuliet : 
« I ain'd ſo near when I ſuppos'd you lov'd.” STEEVENS. 


"= That 


- nn ” 
PTL, NOR WE RT 95 
* N N . 
8 3 Roos N 
= 8 e : 
= 7 CIR "Wo 4 25 = 
/ TY 8 


OF VERONA. 145 

That which thyſelf haſt now diſclos'd to me. 
And, that thou may'ſt perceive my fear of this, 
Knowing that tender youth is ſoon ſuggeſted, 
I nightly lodge her in an upper tower, 
The key whereof myſelf have ever kept; 
And thence ſhe cannot be convey'd away. 

Pro. Know, noble lord, they have devis'd a mean 
How he her chamber-window will aſcend, 
And with a corded ladder fetch her down; 
For which the youthful lover now 1s gone, 
And this way comes he with it preſently ;' 
Where, if it pleaſe yon, you may intercept him. 
But, good my lord, do it fo cunningly, 
That my diſcovery be not aimed at® ; 
For love of you, not hate unto my friend, 
Hath made me publiſher of this pretence 7. 

Dake. Upon mine' honour, he ſhall never know | 


That I had any light from thee of this. 


Pro. Adieu, my lord; fir Valentine is coming. [ Exit. 
| Enter VALENTINE. 


Duke. Sir Valentine, whither away ſo faſt ? 
Val. Pleaſe it your grace, there is a meſſenger 


That ſtays to bear my letters to my friends, 


And I am going to deliver them. 
Duke. Be they of much import? 
Val. The tenor of them doth but ſignify 
My health, and happy being at your court. 
Dake. Nay, then no matter; ftay with me a while; 


I am to break with thee of ſome affairs, | 


That touch me near, wherein thou mult be ſecret. 
Tis not unknown to thee, that I have ſought 
To match my friend, fir Thurio, to my daughter. 
Pal. T know it well, my lord; and, ſure, the match 
Were rich and honourable ; beſides, the gentleman 
Is full of virtue, bounty, worth, and qualities 


6 — be not aimed at;] Be not gueſſed, JorNsoN. 0 

7 — of this pretence, | Pretence is deſign. So, in XK. Lear: “ — to 
my affection to your honour, and no other pretence of danger,” Again, 
in the ſame play: f pretence and purpoſe of unkindneſs.” STEEv. 


e | L Beſeeming 


146 TWO GENTLEMEN 

Beſeeming ſuch a wife as your fair daughter : 

Cannot your grace win her to fancy him ? 5 
Duke. No, truſt me; ſhe is peeviſh, ſullen, froward, 

Proud, diſobedient, ſtubborn, lacking duty; 

Neither regarding that ſhe is my child, 

Nor fearing me as if I were her father: 

And, may I ſay to thee, this pride of hers, 

Upon advice, hath drawn my love from her ; 

And, where * I thought the remn..ut of mine age 

Should have been cheriſh'd by her child-like duty, 

I now am full reſolv'd to take a wife, 

And turn her out to who will take her in: 

Then let her beauty be her wedding-dower ; 

For me and my poſſeſſions ſhe eſteems not. 
Val. What would your grace have me to do in this? 
Duke. There is a lady, fir, in Milan, here“, 

Whom J affect; but ſhe is nice, and coy, 

And nought eſteems my aged eloquence : . 

= Now, therefore, would I have thee to my tutor, 

= | (For long agone I have forgot to court; 

| Beſides, the faſhion of the time ® is chang'd ;) 

1 How, and which way, I may beſtow myſelf, 

| To be regarded in her ſun-bright eye. 

1 . Pal. Win her with gifts, if ſhe reſpect not words; 

= Dumb jewels often, in their filent kind, | | 

More than quick words, do move a woman's mind *. 


And where—] Where for whereas. It is often ſo uſed by our 
oi old writers. MALONE. N = 
s fir, in Milan, bere,] It ought to be thus, inſtead of —jx 
Verona, bere; for the ſcene apparently is in Milan, as is clear from 
ſeveral paſlages in the firſt act, and in the beginning of the firſt ſcene of 
7 the fourth act. A like miſtake has crept into the eighth ſcene of act II. 
| where Speed bids his fellow-ſervant Launce welcome to Padua. Por E. 
; 9 — the faſhion of the — The modes of eourtſhip, the acts by 
which men recommended themſelves to ladies. Joh NSON. | 
1 Wm ber with gifts, if ſhe reſpect not words; 
Dumb jewels often, in their ſilent kind, 8 
More than quick words, do move a woman's mind.] An earlier 
writer than Shakſpeare, ſpeaking of women, has the ſame unfavourable 
(and, I hope, unfognded) ſentiment : i | 
4 Tis wiſdom to give much; a gift prevails, 
„When deep perſuaſive oratory fails.“ | 
| Marlowe's Hero and Leander, MA LON RE. 


= b5 
— — 
— 


0 ” 
— 


— 3 — 
— — 
— E 


— 
— ——— 


— 21 * 


2 


9 q - =_ 
— — — — —— — — 
- — — — — wy a 8 


— 
— — nrSs rns 


OF VERONA. | 147 
Due. But ſhe did ſcorn a preſent that I ſent her. 
Val. A woman ſometime ſcorns what beſt contents her: 
Send her another; never give her o'er ; 
For ſcorn at firſt makes after-love the more. 
If ſhe do frown, *tis not in hate of you, 
But rather to beget more love in you : 
If ſhe do chide, *tis not to have you gone ; 
For why, the fools are mad, if left alone. 
Take no repulſe, whatever ſhe doth ſay ; 
For, get you gone, ſhe doth not mean, away - 
Flatter, and praiſe, commend, extol their graces ; 
Though ne'er ſo black, ſay, they have angels? faces. 
That man that hath a tongue, I ſay, is no man, 
If with. his tongue he cannot win a woman. 
Dake. But ſhe I mean, is promis'd by her friends 
Unto a youthful gentleman of worth ; 
And kept ſeverely from reſort of men, 
That no man hath acceſs by day to her. 
Val. Why then I would reſort to her by night. 
Duke. Ay, but the doors be lock'd, and keys kept ſafe, 
That no man hath recourſe to her by night. 
Val. What lets , but one may enter at her window? 
Duke, Her chamber is aloft, far from the ground; 
And built ſo ſhelving, that one cannot climb it 
Without apparent hazard of his life. | | 
Val. Why then, a ladder, quaintly made of cords, 
Io caſt up, with a pair of anchoring hooks, 
Would ſerve to ſcale another Hero's tower, 
So bold Leander would adventure it. | 
Duke. Now, as thou art a gentleman of blood, 
Adviſe me where I may have ſuch a ladder. 
Val. When would you uſe it? pray, ſir, tell me that. 
Duke. This very night; for love is like a child, 
That longs for every thing that he can come by. 
Val. By ſeven o'clock I'll get you ſuch a ladder. 
Duke. But hark thee; I will go to her alone; 
How ſhall I beſt convey the ladder thither ? 
Val. It will be light, my lord, that you may bear it 
Under a cloak, that is of any length. 


= What lets,] i. e. what hinders. STEEVENS. 


L 2 Dake. 


149 TWO GENTLEMEN 
Dake. A cloak as long as thine will ſerve the turn? 
Val. Ay, my good lord. | 
Dake. 'Then let me ſee thy cloak ; 
I'll get me one of ſuch another length. 
Val. Why, any cloak will ſerve the turn, my lord. 
Duke. How ſhall J faſhion me to wear a cloak ?— 
I pray thee, let me feel thy cloak upon me.— 
What letter is this ſame? What's here ?—To Silvia? 
And here an engine fit for my proceeding ! . | 
I'Il be fo bold to break the ſeal for once. [reads 
My thoughts do harbour with my Silvia nightly ; 
And ſlaves they are to me, that ſend them flying © 
O, could their maſter come and go as lightly, \ 
Himſelf would lodge, where ſenſeleſs they are lying. 
My herald thoughts in thy pure boſom reſt them; 
While I, their king, that thither them importune, 
Do curſe the grace that with ſuch grace hath bleſs'd them, 
Becauſe myſelf do want my ſervants* fortune © 
I curſe my/elf,, for they are ſent by me *, 
That they ſhould harbour where their lord ſhould be. 
What's here? | | 
Silvia, this night I will enfranchiſe tbess 
*'Tis ſo; and here's the ladder for the purpoſe.— 
Why, Phaeton, (for thou art Merops? ſon 5,) 
Wilt thou aſpire to guide the heavenly car, 
And with thy daring folly. burn the world? 
Wilt thou reach ſtars, becauſe they ſhine on thee ? 
Go, baſe intruder ! over-weening flave !. | 
Beſtow thy fawning ſmiles on equal mates; 
And think, my patience, more than thy deſert, 


3 My herald thoughts in thy pure boſom &c.] i, e. the thoughts con- 
tained in my letter. See p. 151, n. g. MaLoNE. TT 
4 — for they are ſent—] For is the ſame as for tba, fince. JohNSoN. 
5 — Merops' ſon,) ] Thou art Phaeton in thy raſhneſs, but without 
his pretenſions; thou art not the ſon of a divinity, but a terræ filius, a 
low-born wretch ; Merops is thy true father, with whom Phaston was 
falſely reproached. JonnsoN. | | 
This ſcrap of mythology Shakſpeare might have found in the ſpuri- 
ous play of K. Jobs, 1591: 8 
46 as ſometime Phaeton, | 
c Miſtruſting filly Merops for his fue.” STEEvINS. 


I'S 


or VERONA. * a 


Is privilege for thy departure hence: 

Thank me for this, more than for all the favours, 

Which, all too much, I have beftow'd on thee. 

But if thou linger in my territories, 

Longer than ſwifteſt expedition | 

Will give thee time to leave our royal court, 

Buy heaven, my wrath ſhall far exceed the love 

I ever bore my daughter, or thyſelf. | 

Be gone, I will not hear thy vain excuſe, 

But, as thou lov*ſt thy life, make ſpeed from hence. 

: [Exit Duke, 

Val. And why not death, rather than living torment ? 

To die, is to be baniſh'd from myſelf; : 

And Silvia is myſelf : baniſh'd from her, 

Is ſelf from ſelf; a deadly baniſhment ! 

What light 1s light, if Silvia be not ſeen? 

What joy is joy, if Silvia be not by? | 

Unleſs it be, to think that ſhe is by, 

And feed upon the ſhadow of perfection“. 

Except I be by Silvia in the night, 

There is no muſick in the nightingale ; 

Unleſs I look on Silvia in the day, 

There is no day for me to look upon : 

She is my eſſence ; and J leave to be, 

It I be not by her fair influence | 

Foſter'd, illumin'd, cheriſh*d, kept alive, 

I fly not death, to fly his deadly doom 7 : 

 Tarry TI here, I but attend on death; 

But, fly I hence, I fly away from life. 


Enter PROTHEUsS and LAUN CE. 
Pro. Run, boy, run, run, and ſeek him out, 
Launce. So-ho! ſo-ho ! 
Pro. What ſee'ſt thou? 


© And feed upon the ſhadow of perfection.] 
Animum pictura paſcit inani. Virg. HenLEy. | 
7 I fly not death, to fly his deadly doom :] To fly bis doom, uſed for 
by flying, or in flying, is a galliciſm. The ſenſe is, By avoiding the 
execution of his ſentence I ſhall not ,eſcape death. If I ſtay here, I 
ſuffer myſelf to be deſtroyed ; if I go away, I deſtroy myſelf, Jonnson. 


BY Launce, 


— = — 
— — — — — 


150 TWO GENTLEMEN 
Launce. Him we go to find: there's not a hair * on's 
head, but tis a Valentine. | | 
Pro. Valentine ? 
Val. No. 
Pro. Who then ? his ſpirit ? 
Val. Neither. 
Pro. What then? 
Val. Nothing. 
Launce. Can nothing ſpeak | ? maſter, ſhall I ſtrike ? ? 
Pro. Whom s would'ſ thou ftrike ? 
Launce. Nothing. 
Pro. Villain, forbear, 
Launce. Why, fir, I'll ftrike nothing: I pray you,— 
Pro. Sirrah, I ſay, forbear : Friend Valentine, a word. 
Val. My ears are ſtopp'd, and cannot hear good news, 
So much of bad already hath poſſeſs'd them. 
Pro. Then in dumb filence will I bury mine, 
For they are harſh, untuneable, and bad. 
Val. Ts Silvia dead ? 
Pro. No, Valentine. 
Val. No Valentine, indeed, for ſacred 1 
Hath ſhe forſworn me ? 
Pro. No, Valentine. + 
Val. No Valentine, if Silvia have forſworn 8 
What is your news? 
Launce. Sir, there's a proclamation that you are vaniſh'd, 
Pro. That thou art baniſh'd, O, that is the news, 
From hence, from Silvia, and Ei me thy friend, 
Val. O, I have fed upon this woe already, 
And now exceſs of it will make me ſurfeit. 
Doth Silvia know that I am baniſhed ? 
Pro. Ay, ay; and ſhe hath offer'd to the doom, 
(Which, unrevers'd, ſtands in effectual force,) 
A ſea of melting pearl, which ſome call tears: 
Thoſe at her father's churliſh feet ſhe tender'd ; 
With them, upon her knees, her humble ſelf ; 
Wringing her hands, whoſe whiteneſs fo became them, 


* There's not a hair—] Launce is ſtill quibbling. He is now running 

down the hare that he ſtarted when he entered. MALON E. 
d Whom—] Old Copy- bo, Corrected in the ſecond folio, Maloxx. 
As 


8 


4 + 
JJC ESE 9 Re FA Nr IENTY A , 
Me EIS 4 +; 7P»̃ ̃ Ä²²ꝶmmu ů ! ⁊· mm/ PE RR AK. p Hs ON hh j 
. 8 i y i REF Roa N 
r r 5 * * ; 4 x a * N n . $ wr" 


e . 
ee 
x VVV 
INS Soba oF ONES LIL ITS EN Ty 
De ao. to Ee > os nn a A ATR 
3 IN „ c 4s n F 
7 ͤ c * 5 R 


3 


OF VERONA. 151 
As if but now they waxed pale for woe: | 

But neither bended knees, pure hands held up, 

Sad ſighs, deep groans, nor ſilver- ſnedding tears, 

Could penetrate her uncompaſſionate fire ; 

But Valentine, if he be ta'en, muſt die. 

Beſides, her interceſſion chafed him ſo, 

When ſhe for thy repeal was ſuppliant, 

That to cloſe priſon he commanded her, 

With many bitter threats of *biding there. 

Val. No more; unleſs the next word, that thou ſpeak'ſt, 
Have ſome malignant power upon my life : | 
If ſo, I pray thee, breathe it in mine ear, 

As ending anthem of my endleſs dolour. 

Pro. Ceaſe to lament for that thou canſt not help, 
And ſtudy help for that which thou lament'ſt. 
Time 1s the nurſe and breeder of all good. 

Here if thou ſtay, thou canſt not ſee thy love; 
Beſides, thy ſtaying will abridge thy life. 

Hope is a lover's ſtaff; walk hence with that, 
And manage it againſt deſpairing thoughts. 

Thy letters may be here, though thou art hence; 
Which, being writ to me, ſhall be deliver'd 
Even in the milk-white boſom of thy love? . 
The time now ſerves not to expoſtulate : 

Come, [I'll convey thee through the city-gate z 
And, ere I part with thee, confer at large 

Of all that may concern thy love-affairs : 


As thou lov'ſt Silvia, though not for thyſelf, 


Regard thy danger, and along with me. 
Val. I pray thee, Launce, an if thou ſeeſt my boy, 


9 Even in the milk-white boſom of thy love.] So, in Hamlet: 
«© Theſe to her excellent ꝛbbite boſom, 8c.” 

Trifling as the remark may appear, before the meaning of this ad- 
dreſs of letters to the boſom of a miſtreſs can be underſtood, it ſhould be 
known that women anciently had a pocket in the fore part of their 
ſays, in which they not only carried love-letters and love tokens, but 
even their money and materials for needle-work. In many parts of 
England the ruſtic damſels ftill obſerve the ſame practice; and a very 
old lady informs me that ſhe rernembers when it was the faſhion to wear 
very prominent ſtays, it was no leſs the cuſtom for ſtratagem or gallan- 


try to drop its literary favours within the front of them. SrEEVENS. 


L 4 Bid 


— 


— 


— — — — — 
= => — 
= SORT 
8 ———— 


1 
+ 4 
Li N * 
i. 87 

* N 

te 

un 4 

E 4 

«<A 

. 

o 

« 

— N 
4 i 
i# 91 

| ' 

: 

| 4 

1 f 

4.8 

| þ 


—z * 


- 
— 


* A 
— — — — = 
3 


i:2 TWO. GENTLEMEN 


Bid him make haſte, and meet me at the north gate. 
Pro. Go, ſirrah, find him out. Come, Valentine. 
Val. O my dear Silvia! hapleſs Valentine! 

[Exeunt VALENTINE and PROTHEUS. 

Launce. J am but a fool, look you; and yet I have the 
wit to think, my maſter is a kind of a knave : but that's 
all one, if he be but one knave*. He lives not now, 

that knows me to be in love: yet I am in love ; but a 

team of horſe ſhall not pluck * that from me ; nor who 

*tis I love, and yet 'tis a woman: but what woman, I 

will not tell myſelf ; and yet 'tis a milk-maid: yet *tis 

not a maid, for ſhe hath had goſſips 3: yet *tis a maid, 
for ſhe is her maſter's maid, and ſerves for wages. She 


hath more qualities than a water-ſpaniel,—whici is much 


in a bare chriſtian . Here is the cat-log [pu/ling out a 
paper.] of her conditions ?. Imprimis, She can fetch and 


1 — but that's all one, if he be but one knave.] I know not whether, 
in Shakſpeare's language, one knawve may not ſignify a knawve on only one 
occaſion, a fingle knave, We ſtill uſe a deuble villain for a villain be- 
yond the common rate of guilt, JouNnsoN. 

I agree with Pr. Johnſon, and will ſupport his interpretation with 
indiſputable authority, In the old play of Damon and Pythias, Ari- 
ſtippus declares of e & you loſe money by him if you ſell him 
for one knawe, for he ſerves for tene. This phraſeology is often mer 
with: Arragon ſays, in the Merchant of Venice: 

&« With one fool's head I came to woo, 
6 But I go away with . 
And Donne begins one of his ſonnets : 
&« am rwvo fools, I know, 
& For loving, and for ſaying ſo, &t. FARMER, 

2 —buta team of horſe ſpail not pluck—] I ſee how Valentine ſuffers 
for telling his love-ſecrets, therefore Iwill keep mine cloſe, JohN SON. 
Perhaps Launce was not intended to ſhew ſo much ſenſe ; but here 
indulges himſelf in talking contradictory nonſenſe. STEEvENSs. 

3 — for ſhe bath had goſſips:] Goſſips not only fignify thoſe who 
anſwer for a child in baptiſm, but the tattling women who attend lyings- 
in. The quibble between theſe is evident. STEEVENS. 

4 — a bare chriſtian. ] Launce is quibbling on. Bare has two ſenſes ; 
mere and naked, In Coriolanus it is uſed in the firſt : 

6 Tis but a bare petition of the ſtate.” : 
Launce uſes it in both, and oppoſes the raked female to the water- 
ſpaniel cover d with bairs of remarkable thickneſs. STEEVENS. 8 
5 — conditions.] i. e. qualities. The old copy has condition. Cor- 


rected by Mr. Rowe, MaLoNne, 


carry * 


OF VERONA. A 
carry : Why, a horſe can do no more: nay, a horſe can- 
not tetch, but only carry ; therefore, 1s ſhe better than a 


jade. Item, She can milk ; look you, a ſweet virtue in 


a maid with clean hands. 


Enter SPEED. 


Speed. How now, ſignior Launce ? what news with 
your maſterſhip ? 

Launce. With my maſter's ſhip *? why, it is at ſea. 

Szeed. Well, your old vice ſtill ; miſtake the word: 
What news then in your paper? | 

Launce. The blackeſt news that ever thou heard'ſt. 

Speed. Why, man, how black ? 

Launce. Why, as black as ink. 

Speed. Let me read them. 

Launce. Fie on thee, jolt-head; thou canſt not read. 

Speed. Thou lieit, I can. | 

Launce. I will try thee : Tell me this: Who begot thee ? 

Speed. Marry, the ſon of my grandfather. 

Launce, O illiterate loiterer! it was the ſon of thy 
grandmother 7 : this proves, that thou canſt not read. 
Speed, Come, fool, come: try me in thy paper. 

Launce. There; and ſaint Nicholas be thy ſpeed * ! 

Speed. Imprimis, She can milk. | | 

Launce. Ay, that ſhe can. 


6 — with my maſter's ſhip ?] The old copy reads —maſterſpip. The 
emendation was made by Mr. Theobald. Marone. 

7 '— the ſon of thy grandmother :] It is undoubtedly true that the 
mother only knows the legitimacy of the child. I ſuppoſe Launce in- 
fers, that if he could read, he muſt have read this well-known obſerva- 
tion. STEEVENS. 

5 — ſaint Nicholas be thy ſpeed !] St. Nicholas preſided over ſcholars, 
who were therefore called St. Nicholas's clerks. Hence, by a quibble 
between Nicholas and Old Nick, highwaymen, in The Firſt Part of 

Henry the Fourth, are called Nichelas's clerks. WARRURTON. 

That this ſaint preſided over young ſcholars may be gathered from 
Knight's Life of Dean Colet, p. 362; for by the ſtatutes of Paul's 
ſchool there inſerted, the children are required to attend divine ſervice 
at the cathedral on his anniverſary. The reaſon I take to be, that 
the legend of this ſaint makes him to have been a biſhop, while he was 
a boy, Six J. HAWKINS« 


Speed. 


| 
3 


154 TWO GENTLEMEN 
Speed. Item, She brews good ale. | 
Launce. And therefore comes the proverb,—Bleſling of 
your heart, you brew good ale, 
Speed. Item, She can ſew. 
Launce. That's as much as to ſay, Can ſhe ſo? 
. Speed. Item, She can knit, t 5 
_ Launce. What need a man care for a ſtock with a wench, 
| when ſhe can knit him a ſtock ? ? 
Speed. Item, She can waſh and ſcour, | 
Launce. A ſpecial virtue; for then ſhe need not be 
waſh'd and ſcour'd. 
Speed. Item, She can ſpin. 
Launce. Then may TI ſet the world on wheels, when ſhe 
can ſpin for her living, DE” 
Speed. Item, She hath many nameleſs wirtues. 
Launce. That's as much as to ſay, baſtard virtues ; 
that, indeed, know not their fathers, and therefore have 
NO names, | 
Speed. Here follow her wices. 
Launce. Cloſe at the heels of her virtues. 
Speed. Item, She is not to be kiſs'd faſting *, in reſpect 
; of her breath. | | 
Launce. Well, that fault may be mended with a break- 
faft : Read on. | 
Speed. Item, She hath a faveet mouth*. _ 
 Launce. That makes amends for her ſour breath. 
Speed. Item, She doth talk in her ſleep. 
. Launce.It's no matter for that, ſoſhe ſleep not in her talk. 


9 — knit him a ſtock ?] i. e. a focking. So, in Twelfth Night : 
«© —it does indifferent well in a flame-colour'd ock. STEEv. 
1 ſhe is not to be kiſs'd faſting, | The old copy reads,—/þe is not to 
be Ver c. The — el, kiſs'd, was firſt "I by Mr. 
Rowe. STEEVENS. 
2 — ſepeet mouth.] This I take to be the ſame with what is now 
vulgarly called a ſwveet tooth, a luxurious deſire of dainties and ſweet- 
meats. JOHNSONes 
How a luxurious defire of dainties can make amends for offenſive 
breath, I know not: I rather believe that by a ſweer mouth is meant 
that ſhe ſings ſweetly. In Tavelfth Night we have heard of a ſweet 
breaſt as the recommendation of a finger. It may however mean a 
tizuoriſh mouth, in a wanton ſenſe. So, in Meaſure for Meaſure : 
Their ſaucy ſweetneſs, that do coin heaven's image &c. STEEV» 


Speed. a 


* 
Is * 
> 
1 
＋ 
2 
V 
RE 
. 
IRS 
VER 
8 
6 $ 
N. 
8 
* 1 
FLUE 
OY 
AY 
3 
2 
3 
3 
3 
ed 
* 
2 
I 
TE 
£4 I 


45 
2 
VE, 
1 
oe 
£ 9 . 

* 

* 


* 
N 
> 
LE 
* 
* 
V 
2 
. 
7 
. 
Ds 
5 
DIS 
2 
. 
WH 
Fe 
IF 
Ts A 
*** 
. 8 
1 
VI 
SS 
Fa. 
5 
8 
a+ 
$2 
22 
=D 
a 
FAS 
28 
>, N 
8 
12 — . 
= 
2 
f 
5 
RE ns 
5. 
7 7 
RY 
FR 


. TTT 15 5 

Speed. Item, She 7s flow in words. | 

Launce. O villainy, that ſet this down among her vices ! 
To be flow in words, is a woman's only virtue: I pray 
thee, out with't ; and place it for her chief virtue. 

Speed. Item, She is proud. | 

Launce. Out with that too; it was Eve's legacy, and 
cannot be ta'en from her. 

Speed. Item, She hath no teeth. | | 

Launce. J care not for that neither, becauſe I love cruſts. 

Speed. Item, She is curſl, : 

Launce. Well ; the beſt is, ſhe hath no teeth to bite. 
| Speed. Item, She will often praiſe her liquor 3. 

Launce. If her liquor be good, ſhe ſhall : if ſhe will 
not, I will ; for good things ſhould be praiſed. 

Speed. Item, She is too liberal“. 

Launce. Of her tongue ſhe cannot; for that's writ 


down ſhe is ſlow of: of her purſe ſhe ſhall not; for that 


I'll keep ſhut : now of another thing ſhe may; and that 
I cannot help. Well, proceed. | 
Speed. Item, She hath more hair than wit, and more 
faults than hairs, and more wealth than faults. | 

Launce. Stop there; I'll have her: ſhe was mine, and 
not mine, twice or thrice in that laſt article : Rehearſe 
that once more, | | 

Speed. Item, She hath more hair than wit 5 ,— 

Launce. More hair than wit,—it may be; I'll prove 
it: The cover of the ſalt hides the ſalt, and therefore it 
is more than the ſalt: the hair, that covers the wit, 1s 
more than the wit; for the greater hides the leſs. What's 
nextr-- - | | 

Speed. —And more faults than hairs,— 

Launce. That's monſtrous: O, that that were out! 


3 — praiſe ber liquor.) That is, ſhew how well ſhe likes it by 
drinking often, JonnsoN. | 
4 — too liberal.) Liberal, is licentious and groſs in language 
So, in Otbello: „ Is he not a moft profane and liberal counſellor ?** 
| | OHNSONs 
5 — She hath more hair than wit, —] An old Engliſh proverb. See 
Ray's Collection: „ Buſh natural, more hair than zit. STEEVENS. 


Speed. 


136 TWO GENTLEMEN 


Speed. — And more wealth than faults. ' | 
 Launce, Why, that word makes the faults gracious ; 
Well, I'Il have her: And if it be a match, as nothing is 
1mpoſhble,— | 

Speed. What then ? 

Launce. Why, then will I tell thee,—that thy maſter 


| Rays for thee at the north gate, 


Speed, For me? 

Launce. For thee? ay; who art thou? he hath ſtaid for 
a better man than thee. | 

Speed. And muſt I go to him? 

Launce, Thou muſt run to him, for thou haſt ſtaid ſo 
Jong, that going will ſcarce ſerve the turn. 

Speed. Why did'ſt not tell me ſooner ? *pox of your 
love-letters ! 3 [ Exit, 

Launce. Now will he be ſwing'd for reading my letter; 
An unmannerly ſlave, that will thruſt himſelf into ſecrets ! 
I'll after, to rejoice in the boy's correction. [ Exit, 


5 SCENE II. 
The ſame. A Room in the Duke's Palace. 


Enter Duke and THURIO; PROTHEUs Behind. 


Duke. Sir Thurio, fear not, but that ſhe will love you, 
Now Valentine 1s baniſh'd from her fight. EL. 

Tha. Since his exile ſhe hath deſpis d me moſt, 
Forſworn my company, and rail'd at me, | 
'That I am deſperate of obtaining her. | 

Duke. This weak impreſs of love is as a figure 
'Trenched in ice; which with an hour's heat 
Diſſolves to water, and doth loſe his form. 
A little time will melt her frozen thoughts, 
And worthleſs Valentine ſhall be forgot.— 
How now, fir Protheus ? Is your countryman, 
According to our proclamation, gone? 

Pro. Gone, my good lord. | | 


G — ew ] in old language, means graceful. So, in X. Jobn: 
There was not ſuch a gracious creature born.” STEEVENS. 
7 Trenched in ice ;] Cut, carved in ice, Trancber, to cut, Fr. JonNs. 


Dake. 


OF VERNONA :: 157 
Dale. My daughter takes his going. grievouſly “. 
Pro. A little time, my lord, will kill that grief. 
Duke. So I believe; but Thorie thinks not ſo. 
Protheus, the good conceit J hold of thee, 
(For thou haſt ſhewn ſome fi gn of good deſert,) 
Makes me the better to confer with thee. 
Pro. Longer than I prove loyal to your grace, 
Let me not live to look upon your grace. 
Duke. Thou know'ſt, how willingly I would effect 
The match between fir Thurio and ney daughter. | 
Pro. I do, my lord. 
Duke. And alſo, I think, thou art not ignorant 
How ſhe oppeſes her againſt my will. 
Pro. She did, my lord, when Valentine was here. 
Duke. Ay, and perverſely ſhe perſevers ſo. 
What might we do to make the girl forget 
The love of Valentine, and love ſir Thurio? 
Pro. The beſt way is, to ſlander Valentine 
With fal ſnood, cowardice, and poor deſcent; 
Three things that women highly hold in hate. 
Duke. Ay, but ſhe' II think, Hat it is ſpoke in hate. 
Pro. Ay, if his enemy deliver! it: 
Therefore it muſt, with eircumftance *, be ſpoken 
By one, whom ſhe eſteemeth as his friend. 
Dake. Then you muſt undertake to ſlander him, 
Pro. And that, my lord, I ſhall be loth to do: 
Tis an ill office for a gentieman; 3 
Eſpecially, againſt his very friend“. | 
Duke. Where your good word cannot advantage him, 
Your ſlander never can endamage him; 


5 'Fherefore the office is indifferent, 


Being entreated to it by your friend. 
Pro, You have prevail d, my lord: if I can do it, 


= prievouſly.] So Wine copies of the firſt folio; others have, bea- 

vily. The word therefore muſt have been corrected, while the ſheet was 
working off at the preſs. The word Ja, p. 155, I. 23, was inſerted 
in ſome copies in the ſame manner. MALONE. 

? — with circumſlance,] With the addition of ſuch incidental par- 
ticulars as may induce belief. Jonxsox. 

9 bis very friend.] J Very \ is immediate. So, in Macbeth: 

6 Aud" e very points they blow,” STEEVENS. 


4 * 


13s: TWO GENTLEMEN 
By aught that I can ſpeak in his diſpraiſe, 
She ſhall not long continue love to him. 
But ſay, this weed her love from Valentine, 
It follows not that ſhe will love fir Thurio. 
Thu. Therefore as you unwind her love“ from him, 


Left it ſhould ravel, and be good to none, 


You muſt provide to bottom 1t on me : 

Which muſt be done, by praiſing me as much 

As you in worth diſpraiſe fir Valentine. 
Duke. And, Protheus, we dare truſt you in this kind; 

Becauſe we know, on Valentine's report, 

You are already love's firm votary, 

And cannot ſoon revolt and change your mind. 

Upon this warrant ſhall you have acceſs, 

Where you with Silvia may confer at large ; 


For ſhe is lumpiſn, heavy, melancholy, 


And, for your friend's ſake, will be glad of you; 

Where you may temper her *, by your perſuaſion, 

To hate young Valentine, and love my friend. 
Pro. As much as I can do, I will effect: — 

But you, fir Thurio, are not ſharp enough; 

You mult lay lime 3, to tangle her deſires, 

By wailful ſonnets, whoſe compoſed rhimes 

Should be full fraught with ſerviceable vows. | 
Duke. Ay, Much is the force of heaven-bred poeſy. 
Pro. Say, that upon the altar of her beauty 

You ſacrifice your tears, your ſighs, your heart: 

Write, till your ink be dry; and with your tears 

Moiſt it again; and frame ſome feeling line, 

That may diſcoyer ſuch integrity :;— 


I mas you unwind ber love] As you wind off her love from 
him, make me the bottom on which you wind it. The houſewife's 
term for a ball of thread wound upon a central body, is a bottom of 
thread. Jok x sor. ; 

2 — you may temper ber —] Mould her, like wax, to whatever ſhape 
you pleaſe. So, in King Henry IV. P. II: „I have him already em- 
Fra between my finger and my thumb; and ſhortly will I ſeal with 

im.” MALONE. 

3 — lime] That is, birdlime. JOHNSON. . : 
4 — ſach integrity: ] I ſuſpect that a line following this has been 


Joſt; the import of which perhaps was 


As her obdurate heart may penetrate. - MALONE. 


For 


* . 1 * bf 
7 a wi . f . ad » p 
; 


pany of muſicians. , So, 


| OF VERONA. | 159 

For Orpheus? lute was ſtrung with poets? ſinews; | 

Whoſe golden'touch could ſoften ſteel and ſtones, 

Make tygers tame, and huge leviathans 

Forſake unſounded deeps to dance on ſands. 

After your dire-lamenting elegies, 

Viſit by night your lady's chamber-window 

With ſome ſweet concert 5 : to their inſtruments 

Tune a deploring dump © ; the night's dead filence 

Will well become ſuch {weet-complaining grievance. 

This, or elſe nothing, will inherit her 7. ; 
Duke. This diſcipline ſhews thou haſt been in love. 
Thu. And thy advice this night I'Il put in practice: 


Therefore, ſweet Protheus, my direction-giver, 


Let us into the city preſently _ 

To fort 3 ſome gentlemen well ſkilPd in muſick: 
] have a ſonnet, that will ſerve the turn, | 
To give the onſet to thy good advice. 

Duke. About it, gentlemen. 

Pro. We'll wait upon your grace, till after ſupper ; . 
And afterward determine our proceedings. 

Duke. Even now about it ; I will pardon you ?. | 
| | [ Exennt. 
5 — With ſome * concert: ] The old copy has conſort, which I 
once thought might havꝶ meant in our author's time a band or com- 
Romeo and Juliet: 

% Tyb. Mercutio, thou conſort t with Romeo. 
& Mer. Conſort ! what, doſt thou make us minſtrels?“ 

The ſubſequent words, © To their inſtruments—,” ſeem to favour 
this interpretation; but other inſtances, that I have fince met with, in 
books of our author's age, have convinced me that conſort was only the 
old ſpelling of concert, and I have accordingly printed the latter word in 
the text. The epithet ſwveer, annexed to it, ſeems better adapted to- 
the muſick itſelf than to the band. Conſort,” when accented. on the 


_ firſt ſyllable, (as here) had, I believe, the former meaning; when on 


the ſecond, it ſignified a company. So, in the next ſcene; 
C What ſay'ſt thou? Wilt thou be of our 2 ?” MAL ONE. 

6 Tune a deploring dump;] A dump was the ancient term for a 
mournful elegy. STEEVENS. | 

7 — will inherit Ber.] To inherit, is by our author, ſometimes 
uſed, as in this inſtance, for to cb:ain poſſeſſion of, without any idea of 
acquiring by inheritance. STEEVENS» 

* To ſort] i. e. to chooſe out. So, in X. Richard III: 

« Yet I will ſort a pitchy hour for thee.” STEEVENS. 


9 = Þ will pardon ꝓou. ] I will excuſe you from waiting, JonxNSOx. 


ACT 


i609 TWO GENTLEMEN 
ACT IV. SCENE 1, 
A PForeft near Mantua. 


Enter certain Out-laws. 


1 2 Fellows, ſtand faſt; I ſee a paſſenger. 
2 Out. If there be ten, Nx not, but down with ' em. 


Enter VALENTINE and SPEED. 


3 Out. Stand, fir, and throw us that you have about you; 
If not, we'll make you fit, and rifle you. 
Speed. Sir, we are undone ! theſe are the villains 
That all the travellers do fear ſo much. 
Val. My friends,. 
1 Out. That s not ſo, fir; we are your enemies. 
2 Out. Peace; we'll 1 him. | 
3 Out. Ay, by my beard, will we; 
For he's a proper man *. 
Yal. Then know, that I have little wealth to loſe ; 3 
A man I am, croſs'd with adverſity : 
My riches are theſe poor habiliments, 
Of which if you ſhould here disfurniſh me, 
You take the ſum and ſubſtance that I have. 
2 Out. Whither travel you? 
Val. To Verona. 
1 Out. Whence came you? 
Fal. From Milan. 
Out. Have you long ſojourn'd there? 
Ja. Some ſixteen months; and longer might have ſtaid, 
If crooked fortune had not thwarted me. 
2 Out. What, were you baniſh'd thence ? 
Val. I was. 
2 Out. For what offence? 5 
Val. For that which now torments me to rehearſe: 
1 2 085 a man, whoſe death I much repent ; 


I — 4a proper mes; i. e. a well-looking man; he bas the 1 

ance of a gentleman. So, afterwards : | 

&© And partly, ſeeing. you are beautified _ 

«© With goodly ſhape” =—, | 

_— in another play, e chou waſt the propereſt man in Italy.” 4. 
ut 


Fs 


o F VERONA. 161 


But yet I ſlew him manfully in fight, 


Without falſe vantage, or baſe treachery. 

1 Out. Why ne'er repent it, if it were done ſo: 
But were you baniſh'd for ſo ſmall a fault? 
Val. I was, and held me glad of ſuch a doom. 

1 Out. Have you the tongues ? 

Val. My youthful travel therein made me happy; 
Or elſe I often had been miſerable. 

3 Out. By the bare ſcalp of Robin Hood's fat friar ?, 
This fellow were a king for our wild faction. 

1 Out. We'll have him: firs, a word. 

Speed. Maſter, be one of them; 
It is an honourable kind of thievery. 

Yal. Peace, villain ! | | 

2 Out. Tell us this; Have you any thing to take to? 

Yal. Nothing, but my fortune. 

3 Out. Know then, that ſome of us are gentlemen, 
Such as the fury of ungovern'd youth 
Thruſt from the company of awful men 3 : 


2 Robin Hood's fat friar,] Robin Hood was captain of a band of 
robbers, and was much inclined to rob churchmen, JonN SON. 

By Robin Hood's fat friar, I believe, Shakſpeare means Friar Tuck, 
who was confeſſor and companion to this noted outlaw, See figure III. 
in the plate at the end of the firſt part of X. Henry LV. with Mr. Tol- 
let's obſervations on it. STEEVENS. 

Dr. Johnſon ſeems to have miſunderſtood this paſſage. The ſpeaker 
does not ſwear by the fcalp of ſome churchman who Had been plunder- 
ed, but by the ſhaven crown of Robin Hood's chaplain.— ““ We will 
live and die together, (ſays a perſonage in Peele's Edward J. 1593,) like 
Robin Hood, little John, friar Tucke, and Maide Marian.” MALONE- 

3 — awful men :] Reverend, worſhipful, ſuch as magiſtrates, and 
other principal members of civil communities. JoansoN. 

Azvful is uſed by Shakſpeare, in another place, in the ſenſe of lau- 


Ful. Second part of Henry IV. Act IV. ſc. ii. 


We come within our awful banks again.” TyRwHITT. 

So, in XK. Henry V. 1600: 

8 creatures that by abe ordain 
ce An a# of order to a peopled kingdom.” MALONE. 

I think we ſhould read /azoful in oppoſition to laavleſs men. In judi- 
cial proceedings the word has this ſenſe. Sir J. Hawkins. 

I believe we ſhould read /awfu! men; i. e. legales homines. So, in 
the Newe Boke of Juſtices, 1560: “ commaundinge him to the ſame 
to make an inqueſt and pannel of /awwfu/ men of his countie,” For this 
remark I am indebted to Dr. Farmer. STEEVENS. 


Vol. I. | M M.yuyſelf 


162 TWO GENTLEMEN 
Myſelf was from Verona baniſhed, 
For practiſing to ſteal away a lady, 
An heir, and near ally'd unto the duke *. 
2 Out. And I from Mantua, for a gentleman, 
Who, in my mood, I ftabb'd unto the heart. 
1 Out. And I, for ſuch like petty crimes as theſe. 
But to the purpoſe, (for we cite our faults, 
That they may hold excus'd our lawleſs lives,) 
And, partly, ſeeing you are beautify'd 
With goodly ſhape ; and by your own report 
A linguiſt; and a man of fuch perfection, 
As we do in our quality * much want ;— 
2 Out. Indeed, becauſe you are a baniſn'd man, 
Therefore, above the reſt, we parley to you : 
=_ Are you content to be our general ? 
. To make a virtue of neceſſity, 
And live, as we do, in this wilderneſs ? EL 
3 Out. What ſay' ſt thou? wilt thou be of our conſort ? 
= Say, ay, and be the captain of us all: 
l We'll do thee homage, and be rul'd by thee, 
| Love thee as our commander, and our king. 
1 Out. But if thou ſcorn our courteſy, thou dieſt. 
2 Out. Thou ſhalt not live to brag what we have 
AN | 
. Val. I take your offer, and will live with you; 
C Provided, that you do no outrages 7 | 
| _ On filly women, or poor paſſengers. 
4 3 Out. No, we teteft ſuch vile baſe praQtices. 
| ö Come, go with us, we'll bring thee to our crews, 


4 An heir, and near ally'd unto the duke.] Heir in our author's time 

1 | (as it ſometimes is now) was applied to females, as well as males. The 

| . old copy reads and neece. The change, which is very light, (near being 

formerly ſpelt neere) was made by Mr. Theobald. It likewiſe reads 
| And heir. The correction was made in the third folio, MAarLoNE. 

5 Who, in my mood, ] Mood is anger or reſentment. MALON E. 

© ww in our wc i. e. in our profeſſion. So, in the Tempeſt : 

cc — Te | / ' p 
&« Ariel, and all his guality.” See p. 16. n. 3. MALONE. 

7 no outrages _ 
| © On filly ewemen, or pocr paſſengers.] This was one of the rules of 
Robin Hood's government, STEEVENS. 5 | 

| | And 


— 


OF VENON | 163 


And ſhew thee all the treaſure we have got; 
Which, with ourſelves, all reſt at thy diſpoſe. [| Exeunt. 


Milan. Court of the Palace. 


Enter PROTHEUS. 


Pro. Already have I been falſe to Valentine, 
And now I muſt be as unjuſt to Thurio. 
Under the colour of commending him, 
I have acceſs my own love to prefer; 
But Silvia 1s too fair, too true, too holy, 
To be carrupted with my worthleſs gifts. 
When I proteſt true loyalty to her, 
She twits me with my falſhood to my friend ; 
When to her beauty I commend my vows, 
She bids me. think, how I have been forſworn 
In breaking faith with Julia whom I lov'd : | 
And, notwithſtanding all her ſudden quips “, 
The leaſt whereof would quell a lover's hope, 
Yet, ſpaniel-like, the more ſhe ſpurns my love, 
The more it grows, and fawneth on her ſtill. | 
But here comes Thurio: now muſt we to her window, 
And give ſome evening muſick to her ear. 


Enter TuvuR10, and Muſicians. 


Thu. How now, fir Protheus ? are you crept before us ? 
Pro. Ay, gentle Thurio ; for, you know, that love 
Will creep in ſervice where it cannot go. 
_ Thu. Ay, but, I hope, fir, that you love not here. 
Pro. Sir, but I do; or elſe I would be hence. 
Thu. Whom? Silvia? 75 
Pro. Ay, Silvia, — for your ſake. 
Thu. I thank you for your own. Now, gentlemen, 
Let's tune, and to it luſtily a while. 


3 — ſudden quips,] That is, haſty paſſionate reproaches and ſcoffs, 
So Macbeth is in a kindred ſenſe ſaid to be ſudden; that is, iraſcible 
and impetuous, JOHNSON. 


M 2 nter 


164 TWO GENTLEMEN 


Enter Hoſt, at a diſtance ; and JUL1A in boy's cloaths. 
Hoft. Now, my young gueſt! methinks you're ally- 
- Cholly; I pray you, why is it? | 
Jul. Marry, mine hoſt, becauſe I cannot be merry. 
Hot. Come, we'll have you merry: I'll bring you 
where you ſhall hear muſick, and ſee the gentleman that 
you aſk*'d for. | 
Jul. But ſhall I hear him ſpeak ? ' 
Het. Ay, that you ſhall. 
Jul. That will be muſick. [Mufick plays. 
Hoff. Hark! hark 
Jul. Is he among theſe ? | 
Hoſt. Ay: but peace, let's hear em. 


8 © N G. 
Who is Silvia? what is ſhes 
That all our ſwains commend her? 
Holy, fair, and wiſe is fhe 
The heavens ſuch grace did lend her, 
That ſhe might admired be. 


4s ſhe kind, as fhe is fair? 
For beauty lives with kindneſs 9 > 
Lowe doth to her eyes repair, 
To help him of his blindneſs ; 
And, being belp'd, inhabits there. 


Then to Silvia let us fing. 
That Silvia is excelling ; 
She excells each mortal A. 

Upon the dull earth davelling: 
To her let us garlands bring. 


Hoft. How now ? are you ſadder than you were before ? 
How do you, man ? the muſick likes you not. 
Jul. You miſtake ; the muſician likes me not. 
Het. Why, my pretty youth? 5 - 


9 beauty lives with kindneſs :] Beauty without kindneſs dies un- 
enjoyed, and undelighting. JokN SON. 8 7 ; 
| al. 


OF VERONA. 165 


Jul. He plays falſe, father. 

Hot. How ? out of tune on the ſtrings? 

Jul. Not ſo; but yet ſo falſe, that he grieves my very 
heart-ſtrings. | 

Het. You have a quick ear. | 

Jul. Ay, I would I were deaf! it makes me have a2 
flow heart. | | 

Hoſt. J perceive, you delight not in muſick. 

Jul. Not a whit, when it jars ſo. 

 Hoft. Hark, what fine change is in the muſick ! 

Ful. Ay ; that change 1s the ſpite. 

Hot. Y ou would have them always play but one thing ? 

Jul. JI would always have one play but one thing. But, 
koſt, doth this ſir Protheus, that we talk on, often reſort 
unto this gentlewoman ? | 
Hoff. I tell you what Launce, his man, told me, he loved 
her out of all nick *. | 

Jul. Where is Launce ? 

Hoe. Gone to ſeek his dog; which, to-morrow, by his 
maſter's command, he muſt carry for a preſent to his lady, 
Jul. Peace! ſtand aſide; the company parts. | 

Pro. Sir Thurio, fear not you; I will ſo plead, 
That you ſhall ſay, my cunning drift excels. 
Thu. Where meet we ? | 
Pro. At ſaint Gregory's well. N 
Thu. Farewell. [ Exeunt Thurio and Muſicians, 


SILVIA appears above, at her window, 


Pro. Madam, good even to your ladyſhip. 

Sil. I thank you for your muſick, gentlemen : 
Who is that, that ſpake? _ | 

Pro. One, lady, if you knew his pure heart's truth, 
You'd quickly learn to know him by his voice. 

Sil. Sir Protheus, as I take it. 

Pro. Sir Protheus, gentle lady, and your ſervant. 

Sil. What is your will? 


I — ut of all nick.] Beyond all reckoning or count. Reckoning 
are kept upon nicked or notched ſticks or talliess Wax BURTON. 
As it is an inn-keeper who employs the alluſion, it is much in cha- 


M 3 Pro. 


racter. STEEVENS. 


166 TWO GENTLEMEN 

Pro. That I may compaſs yours. 

Sil. You have your with ; my will is even this . 
'That preſently you hie you home to bed. 
Thou ſubtle, perjur'd, falſe, diſloyal man! 

Think'ſt thou, I am ſo ſhallow, ſo conceitleſs, 
To be ſeduced by thy flattery, 

That haſt deceiv'd ſo many with thy vows ? 
Return, return, and make thy love amends. 
For me,—by this pale queen of night I ſwear, 
J am ſo far from granting thy requeſt, 

That I deipiſe thee for thy wrongful ſuit ; 
And by and by intend to chide myſelf, 

Even for this time I ſpend in talking to thee. 

Pro. I grant, ſweet love, that I did love a lady ; 
But ſhe 1s dead, | | 

Jul. Twere falſe, if I ſhould ſpeak it; | 
For, I am ſure, ſhe is not buried. [ Aide. 

Sil. Say, that ſhe be; yet Valentine, thy friend, 
Survives; to whom, thyſelf art witneſs, 

T am betroth'd; And art thou not aſham'd 
To wrong him with thy importunacy ? 

Pro. I likewiſe hear, that Valentine is dead. 

Sil. And fo, ſuppoſe, am I; for in his grave ?, 
Aſſure thyſelf, my love is buried. ; 

Pro. Sweet lady, let me rake. it from the earth. 


Se. Go to thy lady's grave, and call her's thence ; > 
Or, at the leaſt, in her's ſepulcher thine, - 

Jul. He heard not that. LAlde. 5 | 

Pro. Madam, if your heart be ſo obdarate, | 
Vouchſafe me yet your picture for my love, 2 


The picture that is hanging in your chamber; - 
To that I'll ſpeak, to that I'Il ſigh and weep : + 
For, ſince the ſubſtance of your perfect ſelf 


2 You have your wiſh; my will is even this, —] The word vill is 
here ambiguous. He wiſhes to gain her vill ; the tells him, if he wants 
her will, he has it. JoHNSONs : 

3 — in his grave, ] The old copy has—her grave. The emendation 
was made by the editor of the ſecond folio. MAL ONE. | 

: | ts 


OF VER ON A: 167 
Ts elſe devoted, I am but a ſhadow; _ | 
And to your ſhadow will I make true love. | 
Jul. If 'twere a ſubſtance, you would, ſure, deceive it, 
And make 1t but a ſhadow, as I am. [ A/ide. 
Si]. I am very loath to be your idol, fir; | 
But, ſince your falſhood ſhall become you well © 
To worſhip ſhadows, and adore falſe ſhapes, 
Send to me in the morning, and [I'll ſend it: 
And ſo, good reſt. i 
Pro. As wretches have o'er night, 
That wait for execution in the morn. 
* [Exeunt PROTHEUS ; and SILVIA, from above. 
Ful. Hoſt, will you go? 5 
Het. By my hallidom, I was faſt aſleep. 
Jul. Pray you, where lies fir Protheus? _ 
Hoſt. Marry, at my houſe : Truſt me, I think, tis al- 
molt day. | | 
Jul. Not ſo ; but it hath been the longeſt night 
That e'er I watch'd, and the moſt heavieſt. [ Exeunt. 


4 But, fince your falſhoed ſpall become you well] 1 once had a better 
opinion of an alteration propoſed by Dr. Johnſon | But fince you're falſe, 
it ſhall &c. ] than I have at preſent. I now believe the text is right, and 
that our author means, however licentious the expreſſion, But, ſince 
your falſhood well becomes, or is well ſuited to, the worſhipping of 
ſhadows, and the adoring of falſe ſhapes, ſend to me in the morning for 
my picture, &c. Or, in other words, But, ſince the worſhipping of ſha- 
dows and the adoring of falſe ſhapes ſhall well become you, falſe as 
you are, ſend &. To worſhip ſhadews &c. I conſider as the objective 
Caſe, as well as you. There are other inſtances in theſe plays of a dou- 
ble accuſative depending on the ſame verb, I have therefore followed 
the punctuation of the old copy, and not placed a comma after falſpocd, 
as in the modern editions. Since is, I think, here an adverb, not a pre- 
poſition, MAL NE. pg | 

There is no occaſion for any alteration, if we only ſuppoſe that it is 
underſtood here, as in ſeveral other places. 

But, ſince your falſhood, ſhall become you well 

To worſhip ſhadows and adore falſe ſhapes,— 
i. e. But, ſince your falſhood, it ſhall become you well, &c. Or indeed, 
in this place, To worſhip ſhadows &c. may be conſidered as the nomina- 
tive Caſe to hall become, TyRWHITT. 


M 4 SCENE 


168 TWO GENTLEMEN 


SCENE III. 
The ſame. 
Enter EGLAMOUR. 


Eel. This is the hour that madam Silvia 
Entreated me to call, and know her mind ; 
There's ſome great matter ſhe'd employ me in.— 
Madam, madam l | | 

SILVIA appears above, at her window, 


Sil. Who calls? 1 | 
 Egl. Your ſervant, and your friend; 
One that attends your ladyſhip's command, 

Sil. Sir Eglamour, a thouſand times good morrow. 
Eggl. As many, worthy lady, to yourſelf. 0 
According to your ladyſhip's impoſe 5, 


Jam thus early come, to know what ſervice 


It is your pleaſure to command me in. 

Sil. O Eglamour, thou art a gentleman, 
(Think not, I flatter, for, I ſwear, I do not,) 
Valiant, wiſe, remorſeful *, well accompliſh'd, 
'Thou art not ignorant, what dear good will 
T bear unto the baniſh'd Valentine ; 


Nor how my father would enforce me marry 


Vain Thurio, whom my very ſoul abhorr'd: 

Thyſelf haſt lov'd ; and I have heard thee ſay, 

No grief did ever come ſo near thy heart, 

As when thy lady and thy true love died, 

Upon whoſe grave thou vow'dft pure chaſtity 7: 
| 4 | Sir 


S = your ladyſbip's impoſe, ] Impoſe is jnjunSion,; command. A taſk 


f ſet at college, in conſequence of a fault, is ſtill called an 7 e 


TEEVENS. 


6 Remorſeful is pitiful. STEEVENS. 
7 Upon whoſe grave thou vow'dſt pure chaſtity :] It was common in 
former ages for widowers and widows to make vows of chaſtity in ho- 
nour of their deceaſed wives or huſbands, In Dugdale's Antiquities of 
Warwickſhire, page 1013, there is the form of a commiſſion by the 
biſhop of the dioceſe for taking a vow of chaſtity made by a widow. 
It ſeems that, beſides obſerving the vow, the widow was, for life, to 


wear 


OF VERONA. 169 


Sir Eglamour, I would to Valentine, 
Jo Mantua, where, I hear, he makes abode; 
And, for the ways are dangerous to paſs, 
do deſire thy worthy company, 
Upon whoſe faith and honour I repoſe. 
Urge not my father's anger, Eglamour, 
But think upon my grief, a lady's grief; 
And on the juſtice of my flying hence, 
To keep me from a moſt unholy match, 
Which heaven and fortune ſtill reward with plagues. 
J do deſire thee, even from a heart | 
As full of ſorrows as the ſea of ſands, 
To bear me company, and go with me: 
If not, to hide what I have ſaid to thee, 
That I may venture to depart alone. 
Egl. Madam, I pity much your grievances 5; 
Which fince I know they virtuouſly are plac'd, 
I give conſent to go along with you ; 
Recking as little 9 what betideth me, 
As much I wiſh all good befortune you. 
When will you go ? 
$7]. This evening coming. 
Egl. Where ſhall I meet you? 
Sil. At friar Patrick's cell, 
Where I intend holy confeſſion. 
Egl. I will not fail your ladyſhip : 
Good morrow, gentle lady. | | 
Sz]. Good morrow, kind fir Eglamour. LExeunt. 


SCENE IV. 
The ſame. 


9 85 Enter Laux E, with his dog. 
When a man's ſervant ſhall play the cur with him, look 
5 | | : you, 
wear a veil, and a mourning habit. The ſame diſtinction we may ſup- 
poſe to have been made in reſpect of male votariſts; and therefore this 
circumſtance might inform the players how fir Eglamour ſhould be dreſt; 
and will account for Silvia's having choſen him as a perſon in whom 
the could confide without injury to her own character. STEEVENS. 
5 — grievances ;] Sorrows, ſorrowful affections. JoHNs0N. 
9 Recking as little] To reck is to care for. STEEVENS. 


Ho TWO GENTLEMEN 
ou, it goes hard : one that I brought up of a puppy ; one 
3 Il faved from drowning, 3 —— ang or of his 
blind brothers and ſiſters went to it! I have taught him 
even as one would ſay preciſely, Thus I would teach a 
dog. I was ſent to deliver him, as a preſent to miſtreſs 
Silvia, from my maſter ; and I came no ſooner into the 
dining-chamber,ybut he ſteps me to her trencher*, and 
ſteals her capon's leg. O, tis a foul thing, when a cur 
cannot keep himſelf * in all companies ! 1 would have, 
as one ſhould ſay, one that takes upon him to be a dog * 
indeed, tobe, as it were, a dog at all things. If I had 
not had more wit than he, to take a fault upon me that he 
did, I think verily he had been hang'd for't ; ſure as I live, 
he had ſuffer'd for't: you ſhall judge. He thruſts me 
himſelf into the company of three or tour gentlemen-like 
dogs, under the Guke's table: he had not been there (bleſs 
the mark) a piſſing while , but all the chamber {melt 
him. Out with the dog, ſays one; What cur is that? 
ſays another; I hip him out, ſays the third; Hang him up, 
fays the duke: I, having been acquainted with the ſmell 
before, knew it was Crab; and goes me to the fellow that 
whips the dogs“: Friend, quoth I, you mean to whip the 
dog? Ay, marry, do J, quoth he. Lou do him the more 
avrong, quoth I; *tavas 1 did the thing you wot of, He 
makes me no more ado, but whips me out of the chamber. 
How many maſters would do this for their ſervant 5 ? Nay, 
P11 be ſworn, I have fat in the ſtocks for puddings he hath 
Rolen, otherwiſe he had been executed: I have ſtood on 
the pillory for geeſe he hath kill'd, otherwiſe he had 
ſuffer'd for't: thou think*ſ not of this now !—Nay, I re- 


* — 70 her trencher, ] See p. 54. n. 3. MALONE. 
 — keep bimſelf} i. e. reſtrain himſelf. SrEEVENS. 
2 — ca he a dog—] I believe we ſhould read, I wvould hawe, &c. one 
that takes upon bim to be a dog, to be a dog indeed, to be, &c. JohN Sox. 
3 — a piſſing while, ] It appears from Ray's Collection, that this ex- 
preſſion is proverbial, STEEVENS. 8 
4 — the fellow that whips the dogs :] This appears to have been part 
of the office of an a/ber of the table. STEEVENS. | 
5 their ſervant ?] The old copy reads -bis ſervant? STEEVENS» 
Corrected by Mr, Pope, MAL ONE. 


member 


OF WEN ( 171 
member the trick you ſerved me, when I took my leave 
of madam Silvia © ; did not I bid thee ſtill mark me, and 
do as I do? When didit thou ſee me heave up my leg, and 
make water againſt a gentlewoman's farthingale ? Didft 
thou ever ſee me do ſuch a trick ? 


Enter PROTHEUsS and JULIA. 


Pro. Sebaſtian is thy name? I like thee well, 
And will employ thee in ſome ſervice preſently. 

Ful. In what you pleaſe ;—I will do what I can. 

Pro. J hope thou wilt. —How, now, you whoreſon pea- 
ſant? | 

Where have you been theſe two days loitering? 

. Launce, Marry, fir, I carry*d miſtreſs Silvia the dog you 
bade me. | . 

Pro. And what ſays ſhe to my little jewel ? 

Launce. Marry, ſhe ſays, your dog was a cur; and tells 
you, curriſh thanks is good enough for ſuch a preſent. 

Pro. But ſhe receiv'd my dog? 

Launce. No, indeed, did ſhe not: here have I brought 
him back again. 9 8 

Pro. What, didſt thou offer her this from me? 

Launce. Ay, ſir; the other ſquirrel 7 was ſtolen from me 
by the hangman's boys in the market-place : and then I 
offer'd her mine own; who is a dog as big as ten of yours, 
and therefore the gift the greater. 

Pro. Go, get thee hence, and find my dog again, 

Or ne'er return again into my fight. | 


Madam Silvia z] Dr. Warburton, without any neceſſity I thinks, 
reads— Julia; © alluding to the leave his maſter and he took when they 
left Verona.” Butit appears from a former ſcene, (as Mr. Heath has 
obſerved,) that Launce was not preſent when Protheus and Julia parted. 
Launce on the other hand has juſt taken leave of, i. e. parted from, 
(for that is all that is meant) Madam Silvia, MarLoNne. 

7 — the other ſquirrel &c.] Sir T. Hanmer reads, —the other, 
Squirrel, &c. and conſequently makes Squirrel the proper name of the 
beaſt. Perhaps Launce only ſpeaks of it as a diminutive animal, more 
reſembling a {quirrel in ſize, than a dog. STEEVENS. 

The ſubſequent words,“ who is a dog as big as ten of yours, ſhew 
that Mr, Stcevens's interpretation is the true one. MALONE. 


| Away, 


172 TWO GENTLEMEN 


Away, I ſay; Stay'ſt thou to vex me here? 
A ſlave, that, ſtill an end®, turns me to ſhame. [Ex. Lav, 
Sebaſtian, I have entertained thee, 
Partly, that I have need of ſuch a youth, 
That can with ſome diſcretion do my buſineſs, 
For *tis no truſting to yon fooliſh lowt ; . 
But, chiefly, for thy face, and thy behaviour ; 
Which (if my augury deceive me not,) 
Witneſs good bringing up, fortune, and truth : 
Therefore know thou ?, for this I entertain thee. 
Go preſently, and take this ring with thee, , 
Deliver it to Madam Silvia: 
She lov'd me well, deliver'd it to me“. 
Jul. It ſeems, you lov'd her not, to leave "Tal token *: 
She's dead, belike. | 
Pro. Not o; I think, ſhe lives. 
Jul. Alas! 
Pro. Why doſt thou cry, alas? 
Jul. I cannot chooſe but pity her. 
Pro. Wherefore ſhonld”ſt thou pity her? 
Jul. Becauſe, methinks, that ſhe lov'd you as well 
As you do love your lady Silvia: 
She dreams on him, that has forgot her love; 
You dote on her, that cares not for your love. 
Tis pity, love ſhould be ſo contrary ; 
ne thinking on it makes me cry, alas ! 
Pro. Well, give her that ring, and eib 


e Wer 
s 


8 — an end,] i. e. in the end, at the concluſion of every buſineſs he 
undertakes. STEEVENS. 
9 — know thou, ] The old copy has—thee. The emendation was made 
by the editor of the ſecond folio, MAL ONE. 
1 She low'd me well, deliver'd it to me.] i. e. She, who delivered it to 
me, lov'd me well, MALONE. | 
2 It ſeems, you loud ber not, to leave her token :] To leave ſeems to 
be uſed here for zo part with. It is uſed with equal licence in a former 
ſcene, for to ceaſe. I leave to be, &c. In the firſt copy not is in- 
advertently repeated by the careleſſneſs of the printer: 
It ſeems you low d her not, not leave her token. 
The emendation was made in the ſecond folio. Dr. Johnſon would 
read: i 
It ſeems you lov'd her not, nor love her token, MALoN 1 1 
| 1s 


| OF VERONA. 1 
This letter; that's her chamber.— Tell my lady, 
I claim the promiſe for her heavenly picture. 
Your meſſage done, hie home unto my chamber, 
Where thou ſhalt find me ſad and ſolitary. 
| | [Exit PROTHEUS, 
Jul. How many women would do ſuch a meſſage ? 
Alas, poor Protheus! thou haſt entertain'd 
A fox, to be the ſhepherd of thy lambs : 
Alas, poor fool! why do I pity him 
That with his very heart deſpiſeth me ? 
Becauſe he loves her, he deſpiſeth me; 
Becauſe I love him, I muſt pity him. 
This ring I gave him, when he parted from me, 
To bind him to remember my good will: = 
And now am I (unhappy meſſenger) 
To plead for that, which I would not obtain; 
To carry that, which I would have refus*d 3; 
To praiſe his faith, which I would have diſpraiſ'd, 
I am my maſter's true confirmed love ; 
But cannot be true ſervant tomy maſter, 
| Unleſs I prove falſe traitor to myſelf. 
Yet will I woo for him; but yet ſo coldly, 
As, heaven it knows, I would not have him ſpeed. 
Enter SILVIA, attended. | 


Gentlewoman, good day ! I pray you, be my mean 
To bring me where to fpeak with Madam Silvia. 
$i]. What would you with her, if that I be ſhe? 
Jul. If you be ſhe, I doentreat your patience 
To hear me ſpeak the meſſage I am ſent on. 
Sil. From whom? 
Ful. From my maſter, fir Protheus, madam. 
Si/, O, —he ſends you for a picture: 
Ful. Ay, madam. | 
Sil. Urſula, bring my picture there. [ Picture brought. 
Go, give your maſter this: tell him from me, 
One Julia, that his changing thoughts forget, | 


3 To carry that, which I would have refus d; &c. ] The ſenſe is, To | 
20 and preſent that which I wiſh to be not accepted, to praiſe him 
whom I wiſh to be diſpraiſed, Iouxsox. 

| _ Would 


174 TWO GENTLEMEN _ 


Would better fit his chamber, than this ſhadow. 

Jul. Madam, pleaſe you peruſe this letter.— 
Pardon me, madam; I have unadvis'd 
Deliver'd you a paper that I ſhould not; 

This is the letter to your ladyſhip. 

Sil. I pray thee, let me look on that e 

Jul. It may not be; madam, pardon me. 

Sil. There” hold. or . 

I will not look upon your maſter's lines : 

I know, they are ſtuff d with proteſtations, 

And full of new-found oaths ; which he will break, 
As eaſily as I do tear this paper. 

Jul. Madam, he ſends your ladyſhip this ring. 

Sil. The more ſhame for him that he ſends it me; 
For, I have heard him ſay a thouſand times, 

His Julia gave it him at his departure : 
Though his falſe finger have profan'd the ring, 
Mine hall not do his Julia ſo much wrong. 

Jul. She thanks you. | 

Si]. What ſay' ſt thou? 

Jul. I thank you, madam, that you tender her: 

Poor gentlewoman! my maſter wrongs her much. 

Sil. Doſt thou know her? 

Jul. Almoſt as well as I do know myſelf: 

To think upon her woes, I do proteſt, 
That J have wept an hundred ſeveral times. 

Sil. Belike, ſhe thinks, that Protheus hath forſook 85 

Jul. I think ſhe doth; and that's her cauſe of ſorrow. 

S2. Is ſhe not aſſing fair? 

Jul. She hath ing fairer, madam, than ſhe is: 
When ſhe did think my maſter lov'd her well, 
She, in my judgement, was as fair as you ; 

But fince ſhe did negle& her looking-glaſs, 
And threw her ſun-expelling maſk away, 
The air hath ſtarv'd the roſes in her cheeks, 
And pinch'd the lily- tincture of her face, 
That now ſhe is become as black as 14. 


Sil. 


+ And J pinchva the lily-tinfure of her face, 
Tbat now ſbe is become as black as I.] The colour of a part pinched 


OF VERONA. 175 
Sil. How tall was ſhe ? Tt 
Jul. About my ſtature: for, at pentecoſt, 
When all our pageants of delight were play'd, 
Our youth got me to play the woman's part, 
And I was trimm'd in madam Julia's gown ; 
Which ſerved me as fit, by all men's judgment, 
As if the garment had been made for me: | 
Therefore, I know ſhe 1s about my height. 
And, at that time I made her weep a-good ), 
For I did play a lamentable part : wy 
Madam, *twas Ariadne, paſſioning“ | 
For Theſeus' perjury, and unjuſt flight; 
Which I ſo lively acted with my tears, 
That my poor miſtreſs, moved therewithal, 
Wept bitterly ; and, would I might be dead, 
If I in thought felt not her very ſorrow ! 
Sil. She is beholden tothee, gentle youth !— 
Alas, poor lady! deſolate and left !— 
I weep myſelf, to think upon thy words. | 
Here, youth, there is my purſe; I give thee this 
For thy ſweet miſtreſs? ſake, becauſe thou lov'ſt her. 


Farewell. [Exit S1LVI A. 
Ful. And ſhe ſhall thank you for't, if e'er you know 
her. 


A virtuous gentlewoman, mild, and beautiful. 
I hope, my maſter's ſuit will be but cold, 
Since ſhe reſpects my miſtreſs? love ſo much 7. 
| ; Alas, 


is livid, as it is commonly termed, black and blue. The weather may 
therefore be juſtly ſaid to pinch, when it produces the fame viſible 

effect. I believe this is the reaſon why the cold is ſaid to pinch. 
| Jouns0Ns 

Cleopatra ſays of herſelf, «© Think on me, | 

„That am with Phœbus' amorous pinches black.” STEEVENS. 
3 — weep a-good 3] i. e. in good earneſt. Tout de bon. Fr. STEEVs 
. — "twas Ariadne, paſſioning—] On her being deſerted by Theſeus 
in the night, and left on the Iſland of Naxos. MALoNE. | 
To paſjion is uſed as a verb by writers contemporary with Shakſpeare. 
5 STEEVENSs 
7 — my miſtreſs* love ſo much.] She had in her preceding ſpeech called 
Julia ber miſtreſs ; but it is odd enough that ſhe ſhould thus de- 
ſeribe 


176 TWO GENTLEMEN 

Alas, how love can trifle with itſelf ! 

Here is her picture: Let me ſee; I think, 

If I had ſuch a tire, this face of mine 

Were full as lovely as is this of hers: 

And yet the painter flatter'd her a little, 

Unleſs I flatter with myſelf too much. 

Her hair is auburn, mine 1s perfect yellow : 

If that be all the difference in his love, 

I'll get me ſuch a colour'd periwig *. 

Her eyes are grey as glaſs?; and ſo are mine: 

Ay, but her forehead's low, and mine's as high. 

What ſhould it be, that he reſpects in her, 

But I can make reſpectiveꝰ in myſelf, 

If this fond love were not a blinded god? 

Come, ſhadow, come, and take this ſhadow up, 

For *tis thy rival. O thou ſenſeleſs form, , 

Thou ſhalt be worſhipp'd, kiſs'd, lov'd, and ador'd; 

And, were there ſenſe in his idolatry, 

My ſubſtance ſhould be ſtatue in thy ſtead 3, 

- PII 

ſcribe herſelf, when ſhe is alone. Sir T. Hanmer reads“ bj; miſtreſs ;” | 

but without neceſſity. Our author knew that his audience conſidered the 

diſguiſed Julia in the preſent ſcene as a page to Protheus, and this, I 

believe, and the love of antitheſis, produced the expreſſion. Mal ox x. 
s I'll get meſuch a colour d periwig.] It ſhould be remembered, that 

falſe hair was worn by the ladies, long before evigs were in faſhion. 

Theſe falſe coverings, however, were called periwigs. STEEVENS. 
See Much Ado about Nothing, Act II. ſc. iii.“ and her hair ſhall be 

of what colour it pleaſe God.” and the Merchant of Venice, Act. III. 


ſc. ii. 
& So are thoſe criſped ſnaky golden locks, &c,” M ALONE. 
9 Her eyes are grey as glaſs;] So Chaucer, in the character of his 
Prioreſs: ry | 
« Ful ſemely hire wimple y-pinched was; | 
« Hire noſe tretis; hire eyen grey as glas. TREORBHALD. 
ber forckcad's low,] A high forehead was in our author's time 
accounted a feature eminently beautiful. So, in The Hiftory of Guy of 
Warwick, Felice his lady” is ſaid to have 6e the ſame high forebead 
as Venus.” r oN. : | 
2 — reſpettive—] i. e. reſpectful, or reſpeftableÞ STEEVENS. 
3 My ſubſtance fhould be ſtatue in thy ſtead.] It would be eaſy to read 
with no more roughnels than is to be found in many lines of Shakfpeare: 
—————— ſhould be a ſtatue in thy ſtead. 


The 


OF VERONA. 177 
I'll uſe thee kindly for thy miſtreſs” ſake, 
That us'd me ſo; or elſe, by Jove I vow, _ 
I ſhould have ſcratch'd out your unſeeing eyes, > 
To make my maſter out of love with the. [ Exit. 


- * 8 - - 3 _—__ 


AC V. 8 bs - 
The ſame. An Abbey: 
Enter E GLAMOUR. 


Egl. The ſun begins to gild the weſtern ſky ; 
Arid now it is about the very hour 4 
That Silvia, at friar Patrick's cell, ſhould meet me. 
She will not fail; for lovers break not hours, 
Unleſs it be to come before their time z 
So much they ſpur their expedition 
Nr Sidi | 
See, where ſhe comes: Lady, a happy evening! 
Sil. Amen, amen! go on, good Eglamour, 
Out at the poſtern by the abbey- wall; 
I fear, I am attended by ſome ſpies. 3 
Egl. Fear not: the foreſt is not three leagues off; 
If we recover that, we are ſure enough*. [Exeunt. 


CEA; 
The ſame. A Room in the Duke's Palace. 
Euter Tux IO, PROTHEUS, and JULIA. 


Thu. Sir Protheus, what ſays Silvia to my ſuit? 
Pro. O, fir, I find her milder than ſhe was; 
And yet ſhe takes exceptions at your perſon. 


The ſenſe, as Mr, Edwards obſerves, is, © He ſhould have my ſub» 
ance as a ftatue, inſtead of thee [ the picture] » Who art a ſenſeleſs form.” 
This word, however, is uſed without the article a in Maſſinger's 
Great Duke of Florence, and in Lord Surrey's tranſlation of the fourth 
LEneid. STEEvEns, ' C's. | 
 — ſure 2nough.] Sure is ſafe, out of dangers JoHNSoONe | 
Vor. I. = 7 1 TR Og Thu. 


1778 WO GENTLEMEN 
Thu. What, that my leg is too long ? 
Pro. No; that it is too little. 
Thu, I'll wear a boot, to make it ſomewhat . 
Pro. But love will not be ſpurr'd to what it loaths. 
Thu. What ſays the to my face? | 
Pro. She ſays, it is a fair one. 
Thu. Nay, then the wanton lies; my face is Meek. 
Pro. But pearls are fair; and the old ſaying i is, 
Black men are pearls in beauteous ladies“ eyes *. 
Jul. Tis true“, ſuch pearls as put out ladies” eyes; 
For I had rather wink than look on them. [Alae. 
Thu. How likes ſhe my diſcourſe ? 
Pro. Ill, when you talk of war. 
Thu. But well, when I diſcourſe of — a; peace ? 
Jul. But better, indeed, when yu hold your peace. 


[AA. Ae. 
Thu. What fays we to my valeur? 
Pero. O, fir, ſhe makes no doubt of that. 
Jul. She needs not, when ſhe knows i it cowardice. 


LA. de. . 

Thu. What ſays the to my birth? 

Pro. That you are well deriv d. | | 
Jul. True; from a gentleman to a fook Abl. 

Thu. Conſiders ſhe my poſſeſſions? g 
Pro. O, ay; and pities them. 2 
Thu. Wherefore? - a 

Jul. That ſuch an aſs ſhould owe hay [ 4/ede. 

Pro. That they are out by teaſe &. 

Jul. Here comes the duke... 

5 Enter Duke. 
Date. How now, fir Protheus? how now, Fhurio? 


© Which ofyou dan fr * Rylamonr *, of Jae 


2 Black men arg pearl; Kc]. A black man is a jewel in a ber 
woman's eye, -s one of © s proverbial ſentences, MALoNE. 

3 Jul. Tis true, &.] This ſpeech, which certainly belongs to 
Julia, is givenin the old copy to Thurio. Mr. Rowe reſtored it to its 
proper owner. STEEVENS. 

' 4 That they are out by leaſe.] I ſuppoſe he means, becauſe. Thurio's 
folly has let them on diſadvantageous terms. STEEVENS» 

* — fir Eglamcyr—] Sir, which is not in the old copy, Was inſert- 


ed by the edit of che econd folio. MaLonz. 
| ; 3 Thu, 


OF VERONA. 179 


Thu, Not £- 
Pro. Nor J. 
Dake. Saw you my daughter? 

Pro. Neither. | 
Duke. Why, then ſhe's fled unto that peaſant Valentine; 

And Eglamour is in her company. 

Tis true; for friar Laurence met them both, | = 

As he in penance wander'd through the foreſt : | bj 

Him he knew well, and gueſs'd 2 it was ſhe; | 

But, being maſk'd, he was not ſure of it: . . 

Beſides, ſhe did intend confeſſion 1 

At Patrick's cell this even; and there ſne was not: | * 

Theſe likelihoods confirm her flight from hence. | 

Therefore, I pray you, ſtand not to diſcourſe, | 

But mount you preſently ; and meet with me 

Upon the riſing of the mountain-foot 

That leads toward Mantua, whither they are fled: 

Diſpatch, ſweet gentlemen, and follow me. _ [Exite 
Thu. Why, this it is to be a peeviſh girl, 

( That flies her fortune when it follows her: 


Il after; more to be reveng'd on Eglamour, — 
Than for the love of reckleſs Silvia. 1 
Pro. And I will follow, more for Silvia's love, 
Than hate of Eglamour that goes with her. [Exits 
Ful. And I will follow, more to croſs that love, | 
Than hate for Silvia, that is gone for love. [Exit. 


Frontiers of Mantua. The Foreſt. 
Enter SILVIA and Out-laws. 


1 Out. Come, come; | | | 
Be patient, we muſt bring you to our captain. | 
Sil. A thouſand more miſchances than this ons 
Have learn'd me how to brook this patiently. 
2 Out. Come, bring her away. 
1 Out. Where is the gentleman that was with her ? 
3 Out. Being nimble-footed, he hath out-run us, 
But Moyſes, and Valerius, * him. 6 
9 2 o 


180 TWO GENTLEMEN 
Go thou with her to the weſt end of the wood, 
There is our captain: we'll follow him that's fled ; 
The thicket is beſet, he cannot ſcape. 
1 Out. Come, I muſt bring you to our captain” s cave: 
Fear not; he bears an honourable mind, 


And will not uſe a woman lawleſsly. X P 
S:1, O Valentine, this I — for thee!  [Exeunt. 


SCENE 1V. 
Another part of the foreft. 
Enter VaLENTINE. 


Val. How uſe doth breed a habit in a man! 
This ſhadowy deſert, unfrequented woods, 
I better brook than flouriſhing peopled towns: 
Here can ] fit alone, unſeen of any, 
And, to the nightingale's complaining notes, 
| Tune my diſtreſſes, and record my woes. 
O thou that doſt inhabit in my breaſt, 
Leave not the manſion ſo long tenantleſs ; 5 
Leſt, growing ruinous, the building fall, 
And leave no memory of what it was! 
Repair me with thy preſence, Silvia; 
Thou gentle nymph, cheriſh thy forlorn ſwain !— 
What Ralloing, and what ſtir, is this to-day? | 
Theſe are my mates, that make their wills Weir law, 
Have ſome unhappy paſſenger in chace; 
They love me well; yet J have much to * 
To keep them from uncivil outrages. 
5 thee, Valentine; ; who' 8 this comes NAP ? 


[ feeps aff de. 


5 — record 125 woes.] To record anciently fi 7 to Ang . = 
Fobn Hawkins informs me, that to record is a term ſtill uſed by bir 
fanciers, to Level the firſt eſſays of a bird in ſinging. STEEVENS. 

6 O thou, that deft inhabit in my breaſt, | l CL 

Leave not the manſion ſo long tenantleſs ; 
by 7} growing ruinous, the 7 ng fall, | 
d leave no memory of what it <vas !] It is hardly poſſible to daunt 
out four lines in any of the plays of Shakſpeate, 8 more 1 for 
eaſe and elegance. * | — | 
has 2 4 8 Euter 


OF VERONA. 181 


Enter PROTHEUS, SILVIA, and JULIA. 


Pro. Madam, this ſervice I have done for you, 
{Though you reſpect not aught your ſervant doth,) 
'To hazard life, and reſcue you from him, | 
That would have forc'd your honour and your love. 
Vouchſafe me, for my meed 7, but one fair look 3 
A ſmaller boon than this I cannot beg, 

And leſs than this, I am ſure, you cannot give. 

Val. How like a dream is this, I ſee, and hear! 


Love, lend me patience to forbear a while. [ 4fde. 


Sl. O miſerable, unhappy that I am! 
Pro. Unhappy were you, madam, ere I came; 

But, by my coming, I have made you happy. 
Sil. By thy approach thou mak*ft me moſt unhappy. 
Jul. And me, when he approacheth to your preſence. 

l | [ A/ide, 

$7]. Had I been ſeized by a hungry lion, 

I would have been a breakfaſt to the beaſt, 

Rather than have falſe Protheus reſcue me. 

O, heaven be judge, how I love Valentine, 

Whoſe life's as tender to me as my ſoul; 

And full as much (for more there cannot be,) 

1 dodeteſt falſe perjur'd Protheus : 

Therefore be gone, ſolicit me no more. | ; 

Pro. What dangerous action, ſtood it next to death, 

Would I not undergo for one calm look ? | 

O, *tis the curſe in love, and fill approv'd ©, 

When women cannot love, where they're belov'd. 
Sil. When Protheus cannot love, where he's belov'd. 

Read over Julia's heart, thy firſt beſt love, | 

For whoſe dear ſake thou didſt then rend thy faith 

Into a thouſand oaths; and all thoſe oaths 

Deſcended into perjury, to love me. 

Thou haſt no faith left now, unleſs thou had'ſt two, 

And that's far worſe than none; better have none 

Than plural faith, which is too much by one : 


7 — my meed, ] i. e. reward. STEEVENS. 
8 — and ſtill approv d,] Approv'd is felt, experienced, MALONE. 
1 | N 


5 Thou 


| 


182 TWO GENTLEMEN 


Thou counterfeit to thy true friend! 
Pro. In love, 
Who reſpects friend? 
Sil. All men but Protheus. 
Pro. Nay, if the gentle ſpirit of moving words 

Can no way change you to a milder form, 

I'll woo you like a ſoldier, at arms? end; 

And love you *Fainſt the nature of love, force you. 
Sil. O heaven! . 
Pro. I'll force thee yield to my deſire. 

Val. Ruffian, let go that rude uncivil touch; 

Thou friend of an ill faſhion ! 

Pro, Valentine 8 
Val. Thou common friend, that's without faith or love 9; 

(For ſuch is a friend now,) treacherous man 

Thou haſt beguil'd my hopes; nought but mine eye 

Could have perſuaded me: Now I dare not ſay, 

J have one friend alive; thou would'ſt diſprove me. 

Who ſhould be truſted, when one's own right hand 

Is perjur'd to the boſom ? Protheus, 45 

I am ſorry, I muſt never truſt thee more, | 

But count the world a ſtranger for thy ſake. 

The private wound is deepeſt : O time moſt accurſt * ! 

Mongſt all foes, that a friend ſhould be the wort ! 
Pro. My ſhame and guilt confounds me.— 

Forgive me, Valentine: if hearty ſorrow 

Be a ſufficient ranſom for offence, 

I tender it here; I do as truly ſuffer, 

As e' er I did commit. 


9 that's without faith or lowe;] That's is perhaps here uſed, not for 
evbo is, but for id eff, that is to ſay. Marons, 

: Who fhall be truſted, when one's own right band] The old copy 
has not own; which was introduced into the text by Sir T. Hanmer. 
The ſecond folio, to complete the metre, reads: 

Who ſhall be truſted nov, when one's right hand. 
The addition, like all thoſe made in that copy, appears to have been 
merely arbitrary; and the modern word is, in my opinion, more likely 
to have been the author's than the other. MAL xxx 

2 The private wound is deepeſt, O time moſt accurſt !] Deepeſt, bigbeſt, 
and other fimilar words, were ſometimes uſed by the poets of Shakſpeare's 
age as monoſyllables. See p. 76. n. 2. MAL ONE. Fu + 

. Ate 


4 


OF VERONA. 183 
Val. Then I am paid; 
And once again I do receive thee honeſt— 
Who by repentance is not ſatisfy'd, 
Is nor of heaven, nor earth ; for theſe are pleas'd ; 
By penitence the Eternal's wrath's appeas'd :— 
And, that my love may appear plain and free, 
All, that was mine in Silvia, I give thee®. 
Jul. O me unhappy ! [ faints. 
Pro. Look to the boy. | 
Val. Why, boy! why wag ! hew now? what is the 
matter? 
Look up; ſpeak. - 
Jul. O good fir, my maſter charg'd me 
To deliver a ring to madam Silva 
Which, out of my neglect, was never done. 
Pro. Where is that ring, boy? 
Jul. Here tis: this is it. [gives a ring. 
Pro. How! let me ſee: f 


Why this is the ring J gave to Julia. 


3 All, that avas mine in Silvia, I give thee.] It is, I think, very odd, 
to give up his miſtreſs thus at once, without any reaſon alledged. But 
our author probably followed the ſtories juſt as he found them in his 
novels as well as hiſtories, PoE. a c 

This paſſage either hath been much ſophiſticated, or is one great 
proof that the main parts of this play did not proceed from Shakſpeare; 
for it is impoſſible he could make Valentine act and ſpeak ſo much out 
of character, or give to Silvia-ſo unnatural a behaviour, as to take no 
notice of this ſtrange conceſſion, if it had been made. HAN MER. 

Valentine, from ſeeing Silvia in the company of Protheus, might 
conceive ſhe had -eſcaped with him, from her father's court, for the 
purpoſes of love, though the could not foreſee the violence which his 
villainy might offer, after he had ſeduced her under the pretence of an 
honeſt paſſion. If Valentine, however, be ſuppoſed to hear all that 
paſſed between them in this ſcene, I am afraid 1 Dave only to ſubſcribe to 
the opinion of my predeceſſors. STEEVENS. 

And, that my love &c.] Transfer theſe two lines to the end of 
Thurio's ſpeech in page 185, and all is right; Why then ſhould Julia 
faint? It is only an artifice, ſeeing Silvia given up to Valentine, to 
diſcover herſelf to Protheus, by a pretended miſtake of the rings. One 
great fault of this play is the haſtening too abruptly, and without due 
preparation, to the denouement, which ſhews that, if it be Shak- 
ſpeare's, (which I cannot doubt) it was one of his very early perform- 


ances, BLACK STONE. . 
3 * 


. TWO GENTLEMEN 

Jul. O, cry your mercy, fir, I have miſtook ; 
This is the ring you ſent to Silvia. [ fhews another ring, 

Pro. But, how cam'ft thou by this mg at my depart 
I gave this unto Julia. 

Jul. And Julia herſelf did give it me; 
And Julia herſelf hath brought jt hither. 

Pro. How !- Julia! 

Jul. Behold her that gave aim to all thy oaths, | 
And entertain'd them deeply in her heart : 

How oft haſt thou with perjury cleft the root +? 
O Protheus, let this habit ma s thee bluſh ! 

Be thou aſham'd, that I have took upon me 
Such an ImmodeR raiment ; if ſhame live 

In a diſguiſe of love 5 : 

It is the leſſer blot, modeſty finds, 

Women to change their ſhapes, than men their minds, 

. Pro. Than men their minds! *tis true: O heaven ! 

were man | 
But conſtant, he were perfect: that one error 
Fills him with faults ; makes him run through all the ſins: 
Inconſtancy falls off, ere it begins : 
What is in Silvja' 8 face, but I may ſpy 
More freſh in Julia's with. a conſtant eye? 

Val. Come, come, a hand from either: 
Let me be bleſt to make this happy cloſe ; 
Twere pity two ſuch friends ſhould be long foes, 

Pro. — witneſs, heaven, 

: have my wiſh for ever. 

Jul. And I mine. 


Enter Out-laws, with Duke and Ta URIO. 


Out. A prize, a prize, a prize! 
Val. Forbear, forbear, I ſay; it is my lord the duke, 
Your grace is welcome toa man dilgrac'd, 
Baniſh'd Valentine? 
Due. Sir Valentine! 


+ How oft haſt thou with perjury cleft the root 711 i. e. of her heart. 


MALONE. 

5 — if ſhame fied &c.] That is, if it be any fpame to wear a diſguiſe 
For! the e. of love. Jonxsox. | Th 

: Hu. 


| - OF VERONA. 185 
Thu. Yonder is Silvia; and Silvia's mine. 
Val. Thurio, give back, or elſe embrace thy death; 

Come not within the meaſure of my wrath © : 
Do not name Silvia thine; if once again, 
Milan ſhall not behold thee7. Here ſhe ſtands, 
Take but poſſeſſion of her with a touch; 
I dare thee but to breathe upon my love. 
Thu, Sir Valentine, I care not for her, I; 
I hold him but a fool, that will endanger 
His body for a girl that loves him not : 
I claim her not, and therefore ſhe is thine. 
Duke. The more degenerate and baſe art thou, 
To make ſuch means for her as thou haſt done, 
And leave her on ſuch flight conditions.— 
Now, by the honour of my anceſtry, 
I do applaud thy ſpirit, Valentine, 
And think thee worthy of an empreſs? love. 
Know then, I here forget all former griefs *, 
Cancel all grudge, repeal thee home again.— 
Plead a new ſtate in thy unrival'd merit, 
To which I thus fabſcribe,—fir Valentine, 
Thou art a gentleman, and well deriv'd; 

Take thou thy Silvia, for thou haſt deſerv'd her. | 
Val. I thank your grace; the gift hath made me happy. 
I now beſeech you, for your daughter's ſake, 

To grant one boon that I ſhall aſk of you. 

Dufte. I grant it, for thine own, whate'er it be. 
Val. Theſe baniſh'd men, that I have kept withal, 

Are men endued with worthy qualities 13 5 

Forgive them what they have committed here, 


6. — the meaſure of my wwrath :] The length of my ſword, the reach 
of my anger. JoHNSONe 
7 Milan Hall not behold t be.] The old copy reads Verona ſhall not 
bold thee. The correction was made by Mr. Theobald, who obſerves, that 
Thurio was a Milaneſe, and therefore the threat muſt be, . Milan, i. e. 
thy country, ſhall never ſee thee again; thou ſhalt not live to go back 
thither,” — This emendation having been adopted by all the ſubſequent 
editors, I have not diſplaced it; yet, I ſuſpect, the miſtake was our 
author's own. MALON EK. | |; | 
8 — all former griefs,] Griefs in old language frequently fignified 
grievances, wrongs: MALONE. ED 
And 


— — — — — — — —— 


186 TWO GENTLEMEN 

And let them be recall'd from their exile: 

They are reformed, civil, full of good, 

And fit for great employment, worthy lord. 

Duke. Thou haſt prevail'd: I pardon them, and thee z 

Diſpoſe of them, as thou know'| their deſerts. 

Come, let us go; we will include all jars ? 

With triumphs, mirth, and rare ſolemnity. 

Val. And, as we walk along, I dare be bold 

With our Monde to make your grace to ſmile : 

What think you of this page, my lord? 
Dake. I think the boy hath grace in him; he bluſhes. 
Val. I warrant you, my lord; more grace than boy, 
Duke. What mean you by that ſaying? 

Val. Pleaſe you, T'll tell you as we paſs along, 

That you will wonder, what hath fortuned.— 

Come, Protheus; *tis your penance, bat to hear 

The ſtory of your loves diſcovered : | 

That done, our day of marriage ſhall be yours; 

One feaſt, one houſe, one mutual happineſs*. [ Exeunt. 


9 — include al. jars—] To include is to ſput up. So, in Macbeth: 
„-- and Hut uy . 
ec In meaſureleſs content. STEEvVENS. 
1 In this play there is a ſtrange mixture of knowledge and ignorance, 
of care and negligence. The verfification is often excellent, the allu- 
fions are learned and juſt ; but the author conveys his heroes by ſea 
from one inland town to another in the ſame country; he places the 
emperor at Milan, and ſends his young men to attend him, but never 
mentions him more; he makes Protheus, after an interview with 
Silvia, ſay he has only ſeen her picture à; and, if we may credit the 
old copies, he has, by miſtaking places, left his ſcenery inextricable. 
The reaſon of all this confufion ſeems to be, that he took his tory from 
a novel, which he ſometimes followed, and ſometimes forſook, ſome- 
times remembered, and ſometimes forgot. 
That this play is rightly attributed to Shakſpeare, I have little doubt. 
If it be taken from him, to whom ſhall it be given ? This queſtion may 
be aſked of all the diſputed plays, except Titus Andronicus ; and it will 
be found more credible, that Shakſpeare might ſometimes fink below 
his higheſt flights, than that any other ſhould riſe up to his loweſt. 
| Jouns0Ne 


his is a flight miſtake of this moſt Judicious critick, founded on a-miſappre- 
Henſon of a paſſage in AR II, See p. 13). MALONE. | | 


I i ' 


| MERRY WIVES OF WINDSOR. 


Perſons Repreſented, 


Sir John Falſtaff. 

Fenton. 

Shallow, à country Juſtice. 

Slender, coufin to Shallow. 

_ Ns tawvo gentlemen dwelling at Windſor, 
William Page, à boy, ſon to Mr. Page. 
Sir Hugh Evans, a Welch parſon. 5 

Dr. Caius, @a French phyſician. 

Hoſt ; ils the Garter Inn. 

Bardolph 

Piſtol, '2 8 ans 75 F alſtaff. 

Nym, 

Robin, page to F alſtaff. | 

Simple, /ervant to Slender. 

Rugby, n to Dr. ales. 


Mrs. Ford. 
Mrs. Page. 


Mrs. Anne Page, zer dau "OY in lowe with Fenton, 
Mrs. Quickly, ervant to Dr. Caius. | 


Serwants to REY Ford, &c. 


SCENE, Windfor ; and the farts adjacent. 


a 


MERRY WIVES OF WINDSOR 


_—_— 


a CT I. 8 EET 
Windſor. Before Page's Houſe. 


Enter Fuſtice SHALLOW, SLENDER, and Sir Hugh 
HE, Evans. _ 

Sal. Sir Hugh*, perſuade me not; I will make a 

Star-chamber matter of it 3 : if he were twenty fir John 

PFalſtaffs, he ſhall not abuſe Robert Shallow, eſquire. 


— 


len. 


1 A few of the incidents in this comedy might have been taken from 
ſome old tranſlation of I Pecorone by Giovanni Fiorentino. I have late- 
ly met with the ſame ſtory in a very contemptible performance, intitled, 
The fortunate, the deceived, and the unfortunate Lovers, Of this book, as 
J am told, there are ſeveral impreſſions; but that in which J read it, 
was publiſhed in 1632, quarto.* A ſomething fimilar ſtory occurs in 
Piacevoli Notti di Straparela. Nott. 4®. Fav. 442. ; 

This comedy was firſt entered at Stationers' Hall, Jan. 18, 1601, by 
John Buſby. STEEvENS. 


This play ſhould be read between XK. Henry IV. and K. Henry V. 


OHN SON. 
A paſſage in the firſt ſketch of the Merry Wives of Windfor ſhews, 
I think, that it ought rather to be read between the Firft and the Second 
Part of King Henry IV. in the latter of which young Henry becomes 
king. In the laſt act, Falſtaff ſays : | Fee 
& Herne the hunter, quoth you? am I a ghoſt? 
cc *S$hlood, the fairies hath made a ghoſt of me. 
«© What, hunting at this time of night! 
« Ile lay my life the mad prince of Wales 
« Ts ſtealing his father's deare.“ 
and in this play, as it now appears, Mr. Page diſcountenances the 
addrefles of Fenton to his daughter, becauſe “ he keeps company with 
the wild prince, and with Poins.“ 9 
The Fiſhwife's Tale of Brainford in WESTWARD FOR SMEL TS, a 
book. which Shakſpeare appears to have read, (having borrowed from it 
part of the fable of Cymbeline, ) probably led him to lay the ſcene of 
| Falſtaff's love adventures at Findſor. It begins thus: © In Winſor 
not long agoe dwelt a ſumpterman, who had to wife a very faire but 
wanton creature, over whom, not without cauſe, he was ſomething jea- 
lou; yet had he never apy proof of her inconſtancy.” 7 
| | te The 


8 — —b¼— — OO ww —— — 


= 


ö 
. 
ö 


99 MERRY WIVES 
$/zn. In the county of Gloſter, juſtice of peace, and 


coram. f 

The reader who is curious in ſuch matters, may find the ſtory of the 
Lovers of Piſa, mentioned by Dr. Farmer in the following note, at the 
end of this play, MA LIONS. ä 8 

The adventures of Falftaff in this play ſeem to have been taken from 
the ſtory of the Lovers of Piſa, in an old piece, called “ Tarleton's 
Newes out of Purgatarie. A late editor pretended to much knowledge 
of this fort; and I am ſorry that it proved to be only pretenſion. 

In the firſt edition of the imperfe@ play, quarto, 1602, fir Hugh 
Evans is called on the title-page, the Welch Knight; and yet there are 
ſome perſons who {till affect to believe, that all our author's plays were 
originally publiſhed by himſelf. FARM Rx. 

2 Queen Elizabeth was ſo well pleaſed with the admirable character of 
Falſtaff in The Toa Parts of Henry IV. that, as Mr. Rowe informs us, 
the. commanded Shakſpeare to continue it for one play more, and to 
thew him in love. To this command we owe The Merry Wives of 
Mind ſor; which, Mr. Gildon ſays, [ Remarks on Shakſpeare's plays, 8vo, 
1710, ] he was very well aſſured our author finiſhed in a fortnight. But 
this muſt be meant only of the firſt imperfect ſketch of this comedy. 
An old quarts edition which I have feen, printed in 1602, ſays, in the 
title-pagez—As it bath been divers times afed before her majeſty, and 


elſewhere. This which we have here, was altered and improved by 


the author almoſt in every ſpeech. Por Eg. ThxtoBALD, _ 
Mr. Gildon has likewiſe told us, “ that our author's houſe at Strat - 
ford bordered on the Church-yard, and that he wrote the ſcene of the 


Ghoſt in Hamlet there.” But neither for this, or the aſſertion that the 


play before us was written in a fortnight, does he quote any authority. 
The latter cireumſtance was firſt. mentioned by Mr, Dennis. This 
comedy, ſays he, in his Epiſtle Dedicatory to the Comica/ Gallant, (an 
alteration of the preſent play,) 1702, „was written at her [Queen 
Elizabeth's] command, and i her direction, and ſhe was ſo eager to 
ſee it acted, that ſhe commanded it to be finiſhed in fourteen days; and 
was afterwards, as tradition tells us, very well pleaſed at the repreſenta- 
tion,” The information, it is probable, came originally from Dryden, 
who from his intimacy with Sir William Davenant had an opportunity 
of learning many particulars concerning our author. 
At what. period Shakſpeare new-modelled the Merry Wives of Wind- 
or is unknown, I believe it was enlarged in 1603. See ſome con- 
Jectures on the ſubject in the Attempt to aſcertain the order of bis playn 
ante. MALOxN R. PE TI ; | 
It is not generally known, that the firſt edition of the Merry Wives 
2 Windſar,, in its preſent ſtate, is in the valuable folio, printed 1623, 
rom whence the quarto of the ſame play, dated 1630, was evidently 


copied. The two earlier quartos, 1602, and 1619, only exhibit this 


comedy as it was nary written, and are fo far curious, as they con- 
tain Shakſpeare's firſt conceptions in forming a drama, which is the moſt 
complete ſpecimen of his comick powers, T. WAzTo0N. | 


4 Shal. 


5 OF WINDSOR. 191 
Spal. Ay, couſin Slender, and dee 6. 

Slen. Ay, and ratolorum too; and a gentleman born, 

| : — 985 maſter 


2 Sir Hugb, ] Sir is the deſignation of a Bachelor of Arts in the Uni- | 
verſities; but is there always annexed to the ſurname ;—Sir Evans, cc. | 
In conſequence, however, of this, all the inferior Clergy in England 'n 
were diſtinguiſhed by this title affixed to their chriſtian name for many | 0 
centuries. Hence our author's Sir Hugh ia the preſent play, Sir To- ny 
paz in Twelfth Night, Sir Oliver in As you like it, &c. So lately as in ol 
the time of King William and Queen Mary, (as Sir John Hawkins has * 
obſerved,) in a depoſition in the Exchequer in a caſe of tithes, the wit= > 
neſs, ſpeaking of the Curate, ſtiles him Sir Gyles. MATOxN E. 'o 
Sir ſeems to have been a title formerly appropriated to ſuch of the 9 
inferior clergy as were only Readers of the ſervice, and not admitted to | 
be preachers, and therefore were held in the loweſt eſtimation ; as ap- 
pears from a remarkable paſſage in Machell's Mſ. Collections for the —— 
| biftary of Weſtmoreland and Cumberland, in ſix volumes, folio, preſerved h 
in the Dean and Chapter's library at Carliſle, The reverend Thomas 
Machell, author of the Collections, lived temp. Car, II. Speaking of 
the little chapel of Martindale in the mountains of Weſtmoreland and 
Cumberland, = writer _ There — little remarkable in or about 
it, but a neat chapel-yard, which by the peculiar 0 
care of the old Reader, Sir Richard*, is kept clean, 1 * 
8 , wi 74 
„Within the limits of myne own memory all Read- x | 
ers in chapels were called Sirs 4, and of eld have been writ ſo ; whence, 
I ſuppoſe, ſuch of the laity as received the noble order of knighthaod be- 
ing called Sirs toa, for diſtinction ſake had Knight writ after them; 
which had'been ſuperfluous, if the title of Sir had been peculiar to them. 
But now this Sir Richard is the only Knight Templar (if I may ſo call 
him) that retains the old ſtyle, which in other places is much laid afide, 
and grown out of uſe.” PE Rex. | 
3 —& Star-chamber matter of it:] See p. 193,“ The Council ſhall 
hear it; it is a riot; and the note there, Maronz. . 
4 = Cuft-alerum,] This is, I ſuppoſe, intended for a corruption of 
Cuſtos Rorularum. The miſtake was hardly deſigned by the author, 
who, though he gives Shallow folly enough, makes him rather pedan- 
tick than jlliterate, If we read: $495 1 35 
Shal. Ay, couſin Slender, and Cuſtos Rotulorum. | 
it follows natarally : er ne Tools, 
Slen. Ay, and Ratolorum too, JoxnsoN. 
I think with Dr. Johnſon, that this blunder could ſcarcely be intend- 
ed. Shallow, we know, had been bred to the law at Clement's Inn.— 
But I would rather read cuſes only; then Slender adds naturally, “ ve 


+ In the margin is a MC. note ſeemingly in the hand-writing of Bp. Nicholſon, 


who gave theſe volumes to the library: : | 
„luce 1 can remember there was not a reader in any chapel but was called 


Nr. 


wa MERRY WIVES: 

' maſter parſon ; who writes himſelf armigero; in any bills 
warrant, quittance, or obligation, armer | 

Shal. Ay, that I do; and have done 5 any time theſe 
three hundred years. 
FSlen. All his ſucceſſors, gone before him, have done't; 
and all his anceſtors, that come after him, may: they 
may give the dozen white luces in their coat. 

Shal.” It is an old coat. 

Evans. The dozen white louſes a become an old coat 
well; it agrees well, paſſant; it is a familiar beaſt to 
man, and ignifies—love. 


Sl. The luce is the freſh fiſh ; „rer id 


coat ©. 
3 Sen. 


and are too.” He had heard the words cuſtos rotulorums and 
ſuppoſes them to mean different offices. FARMER. 

Perhaps Shakſpeare might have intended to ridicule the ubbleiaCony 
ſometimes uſed in writs and other legal inſtruments, with which his 
Juſtice might have been acquainted. In'the old copy the word is printed 
Cuſt-alorum, as it is now exhibited in the text. If, however, this was 
intended, it ſhould be Cuft-ulerum ; : and, it muſt be owned, abbreviation 
by cutting off the beginning of a word is not authorized by any precedent, 
e what we may ſuppoſe to have exiſted in Shallow's imagination. 

MAL ONE. 

5 == and have done—] i. e. all the Shallows bawe done. N 
has many expreſſions equally licentious. MAT. 

6 The luce is the freſb fp 3 the: falt-fifÞ is an old coats] Our aithor | 
here alludes to the arms of Sir Thomas Lucy, who is ſaid to have pro- 
ſecuted him in the younger part of his life for a miſdemeſnor, and who 
is ſuppoſed to be pointed at under the character of Juſtice Shallow. The- 
text however, by ſome careleſſneſs of the printer or tranſcriber, has been 
ſo corrupted, that the paſſage, as it ſtands at preſent, ſeems inexplicable. 
Dr. Farmer's regulation appears to me highly probable; and in further 
ſupport of it, it may be obſerved, that ſome other ſpeschesg beſide thoſe 
he has mentioned, are miſplaced in a ſubſequent part of this ſcene, as 
exhibited in the firſt folio. See p- 194. Mr. Smith's note is not, I 
think, worth inſertion. Martont. - .. 

I am not ſatisfied with any thing that has been offered on this diffi- 
cult paſiage. All that Mr. Smith tells us, is a mere gratis dium. 1 
cannot find that ſale fþ were ever really borne in heraldry, I fancy 
the latter part of the ſpeech ſhould be given to fir Hugh, who is at croſs 
purpoſes with the Juſtice. Shallogu had faid juſt before, the coat is an 
old one, and now, that it is the luce, the freſh fiſh. —No, replies the 
parſon, it cannot be odd and freſb too 3—<< the ſalt fiſp is an old coat.” 
1 give this with rather the more confidence, as a fimilar miſtake has 

| happened 


o WINDSOR wm 


Slen. J may quarter, coz. 

Shal. You may, by marrying. 

Evans. It is marring, indeed, if he quarter it. 

Shal. Not a whit. | 

Ewan. Yes, py'r-lady; if he has a quarter of your 
coat, there is but three ſkirts for . in my ſimple 
conjectures: but that is all one: If ſir John Falſtaff have 
committed diſparagements unto you, I am of the church, 
and will be glad to do my benevolence, to make atone- 

ments and compromiſes between you. 3 55 
Spal. The Council ſhall hear it; it is a riot 7. 

Ewans. It is not meet the Council hear a riot; there is 
no fear of Got in a riot : the Council, look you, ſhall de- 


your vizaments in that. 


happened a little lower in the ſcene .“ Slice, I ſay !“ cries out Cor- 
poral Nym, “ Pauca, pauca : Slice, that's my humour.” There can 
be no doubt, but pauca, pauca ſhould be ſpoken by Evans. 
Again, a little before this, the copies give us: 
Slender. You'll not confeſs, you'll not confeſs. 
Shallow. That he will not—tis your fault, tis your fault ;—"t's a 
good dog. ö | | 
Surely it ſhould be thus: 
Shallow. You'll not confeſs, you'll not confeſs. 
Slender. That he will not. 
Shallow. Tis your fault, tis your fault &, FAME R. 
This fugitive ſcrap of latin, pauca &c. is uſed in ſeveral old pieces, by 
characters who have no more of literature about them than Nym: In 
Every Man in bis Humour it is called the benchers phraſe. 
The luce is a pike or jack. In Ferne's B/azon of Gentry, 1586, 
quarto, the arms of the Lucy family are repreſented as an inſtance, that 
„ ſigns of the coat ſhould ſomething agree with the name. It is the 
coat of Geffray Lord Lucy, He did bear gules, three /ucies hariant, 
argent.“ STEEVENS. | 
7 The Council ſhall bear it; it is a riot. ] By the Council is only meant 
the court of ſtar-chamber, compoſed chiefly of the king's council fitting 
in Camera ſtellata, which took cognizance of atrocious riots. In the 
old quarto, „the council ſhall know it,” follows immediately after 
«© Il make a ftar-chamber matter of it.” BLAcks TONE. 
So, in Sir John Harrington's Epigrams, 1618 : 
© No marvel, men of ſuch a ſumptuous dyet 


«© Were brought into the Star-chamber for a ryot. MALONE. 


See Stat, 13. Henry IV. c. 7. GRE. | 
5 — your VIZaments in that.] i. e. Adviſement 3 now an obſolete word. 
STEEVENS. 


A 0 Shal. 


fire to hear the fear of Got, and not to hear a riot; take 


194 MERRY WIVES © 
Shal. Ha! o' my life, if I were young again, the 
{word ſhould end it. | 
Evans. It is petter that friends is the ſword, and end it: 
and there is alſo another device in my prain, which, per- 
adventure, prings goot diſcretions with it: There is 
Anne Page, which 1s daughter to maſter George Page ?, 
which 1s pretty virginity. | 
Slen. Miſtreſs Anne <p She has brown hair, and 
ſpeaks ſmall like a woman *. EO | 
Evans. It is that fery perſon for all the orld, as juſt as 
you will deſire ; and ſeven hundred pounds of monies, and 
gold, and filver, is her grandſire, upon his death's-bed, 
(Got deliver to a joyful reſurrections !) give, when ſhe 1s 
able to overtake ſeventeen years old : it were a goot mo- 
tion, if we leave our pribbles and prabbles, and deſire a 
—_— between maſter Abraham, and miſtreſs Anne 
age. _— 
Shal, Did her grandſire leave her ſeven hundred 
pound * ? EG 


Ewans. 


9 — maſter George Page,] The old copy has Tbomas Page. The 
emendation is Mr. Theobald'ss MALON RE. 

1 — ſpeaks ſmall like a woman.) Dr. Warburton has found more 
_ pleaſantry here than I believe was intended. Small was, I think, not 
uſed, 2s he ſuppoſes, in an ambiguous ſenſe, for -' little, as well as ho,” 
but ſimply for eveat, ee feminine; and the only pleaſantry of the 

paſſage ſeems to be, that poor Slender ſhould characteriſe his miſtreſs by 
a general quality belonging to her whole ſex. In A Midſummer Night's 
Dream, Quince tells Flute, who objects to playing a woman's part, 
% You ſhall play it in a maſk, and you may ſpeak as ſmall as you 
will.” MALON E. 

2 Shal. Did her grandfire leave her ſeven hundred pound? I know 
the young gentlewwoman ; &c.] Theſe two ſpeeches are by miſtake given to 
Slender in the firſt folio, the only authentick eopy of this play. From 

the foregoing words it appears that Shalloev is the perſon here addrefled ; 
and on a marriage being propoſed for bis kinſman, he very naturally in- 
quires concerning the lady's fortune. Slender ſhould ſeem not to know 
what they are talking about; (except that he juſt hears the name of 
Anne Page, and breaks out into a fooliſh elogium on her;) for in p. 202, 
Shallow ſays to him, Coz, there is, as it were, a tender, a kind 
of tender, made a far off by Sir Hugh here; do you underſtand me?“ 
to which Slender replies“ if it be ſo, &c. The tender, therefore, we 
ſee, had been made to Shallow, and not to Slender, the former of which 

names ſhould be prefixed to the two ſpeeches before us. 1 
| n 


OF WINDSOR. 195 


Evans: Ay, and her father is make her a petter penny. 
ShHhal. I know the young gentlewoman ; ſhe has good gifts. 
*£vans: Seven hundred pounds, and poſſibilities, is 

good gifts. | | : 

Shal. Well, let us ſee honeſt maſter Page: Is Falſtaff 
there ? | 

Evans. Shall I tell you a lie? I do deſpiſe a liar, as 1 
do deſpiſe one that is falſe ; or, as I deſpiſe one that is 
not true. The knight, fir John, is there; and, I beſeech 
you, be ruled by your well-willers. I will peat the door 
[4nocks.] for maſter Page. What, hoa! Got pleſs your 
houſe here ! | | | 

Enter PAGE. 
Page. Who's there? | 
Evans. Here is Got's plefling, and your friend, and 
Juſtice Shallow : and here young maſter Slender; that, 
peradventures, ſhall tell you another tale, if matters grow 
to your likings. . 8 
Page. I am glad to ſee your worſhips well: I thank 
you for my veniſon, maſter Shallow. = | 

Shal. Maſter Page, I am glad to ſee you ; Much good 
do it your good heart! I wiſh'd your veniſon better; it 
was ill kill'd: How doth good miſtreſs Page ?—and 1 

thank you always with my heart, la ; with my heart. 
Page. Sir, I thank you. | 

Shal. Sir, I thank you; by yea and no, I do. 

Page. I am glad to ſee you, good maſter Slender. 

len. How does your fallow greyhound; fir ? I heard 
ſay, he was out-run on Cotſale 3, : 

| | | | Page. 

In this play, as exhibited in the firſt folio, many of the ſpeeches are 
given to characters to whom they do not belong. Printers, to ſave 
trouble, keep the names of the ſpeakers in each ſcene ready compoſed, 

and are very liable to miſtakes, when two names begin (as in the pre- 
ſent inſtance,) with the ſame letter, and are nearly of the ſame length. 
— The preſent regulation was ſuggeſted by Mr. Capell. Marton. 

3 How does your 'fallow greybound, fir ? I heard ſay, he wvas out- 
run on Cotſale.] He means Corſwold, in Glouceſterſhire, In the be- 
ginning of the reign of James the Firſt, by permiflon of the king, one 
Dover, a public-ſpirited attorney of Barton on the Heath, in Warwick- 
ſhire, inſtituted on the hills of Corſevold an annual celebration of games, 
conſiſting of rural ſports and exerciſes. Theſe he conſtantly conducted 
in perſon, well mounted, and accoutred in a ſuit of his majeſty's ald 


O 2 P cloaths ; 


196 MERRY WIVES 


Page. It could not be judg'd, fir. 

Slen. You'll not confeſs, you'll not confeſs. 

Shal. That he will not “tis your fault, *tis your 
fault *:—*Tis a good dog. 

Page. A cur, fir. 

 $Shal. Sir, he's a good dog, and a fair dog; Can there 
be more ſaid ? he is good, and fair.—Is fir John Falſtaff 
here? | 
Page. Sir, he is within; and I would I could do a good 
office between you. | 

Evans. It is ſpoke as a chriſtians ought to ſpeak. 

Shal. He hath wrong'd me, maſter Page. 

Page. Sir, he doth in ſame ſort confeſs it. | 
 $6bal. If it be confeſs'd, it is not redreſs'd; 1s not that 
| ſo, maſter Page? He hath wrong'd me ;—indeed, he 
hath ;—at a word, he hath ;—believe me ;—Robert Shal- 
low, Eſquire, faith, he is wrong'd.. 

Page. Here comes fir John. 


Enter. Sir John FarsTarr, Bas DOLPH, NymM, and 
| „ | 
Fal. Now, maſter Shallow ; you'll complain of me to 
the king? | | 


cloaths; and they were frequented above forty years by the nobility and 
gentry for fixty miles round, till the grand rebellion aboliſhed every 
Hiberal eſtabliſhment. F have ſeen a very ſcarce book, entitled, An- 
nalia Dubrenſia. Upen the yearly celebration of Mr. Robert Dower's 
Olympick games upon Cotſrvold hills, &c. Lond. 1636, quarto. There 
are recommendatory verſes prefixed, written by Drayton, Jonſon, Ran- 
dolph, and many others, the moſt eminent wits of the times. The 
games, as appears by a curious frontiſpiece, were chiefly, wreſtling, 
leaping, pitching the bar, handling the pike, dancing of women, vari- 
ous kinds of hunting, and particularly courfing the hare with grey- 
hounds. T. WARTON. 8 

The Cotſwold hills in Glouceſterſhire are a large tract of downs, fa- 
mous for their fine turf, and therefore excellent for courſing. I believe 
there is no village of that name. BLAcks TONE. 

+ — ?tis your fault, tis your fault :] Of theſe words, which are ad- 
dreſſed to Page, the ſenſe is not very cleat᷑. Perhaps Shallow means to 
ſay, that it is a known failing of Page's not to confeſs that his dog has 
been out- run. Or, the meaning may be, — tis your misfortune that be 
Was out-run on Citfwold ; be is, however, a good dog. So perhaps 
the word is uſed afterwards by Ford, ſpeaking of his jealouſy : 

« Tie my fault, maſter Page; I ſuffer for it. MAL ONE. 
+ 3 How Shal. 


OF WINDSOR. 197 

Spal. Knight, you have beaten my men, kill'd my 
deer, and broke open my lodges. | 

Fal. But not kiſs'd your keeper's daughter? 
Shal. Tut, a pin! this ſhall be anſwer' d. 

Fal. ] will anſwer it ſtraight I have done all this— 
That is now anſwer d. 

$hal. The Council ſhall know this. 

Fal. Twere better for you, if 'twere known in coun- 
ſel s: you'll be laugh'd at. 
Evans. Pauca werba, fir John ; good worts. 

Fal. Good worts! good cabbage 7.—Slender, I broke 
your head ; What matter have you againſt me ? 

Slen. Marry, fir, I have matter in my head againſt 
you ; and againſt your coney-catching raſcals*, Bar- 
dolph, Nym, and Piſtol. They carried me to the 


5 — and broke open my lodge.] This probably alludes to ſome real 
incident, at that time well known. JokNSON. 

So probably Falſtaff's anſwer. FARMER. 

6 *Twere better for you, if *twere known in counſel :] Falſtaff quib- 
bles between council and counſel. The latter fignifies ſecrecy. So, in 
Hamlet: The players cannot keep counſel, they'll tell all.” 

Falftaff's meaning ſeems to be—"twere better for you. if it were 
known only in ſerrecy, i. e. among your friends. A more publick 
complaint would ſubject you to ridicule, | 

Thus, in Chaucer's prologue to the Sguieres Tale, v. 10305, late edit: 

« But wete ye what? in conſeil be it ſeyde, 
«© Me reweth ſore I am unto hire teyde.” STEEVENS, - 

The ſpelling of the old quarto (counſe/), as well as the general 
purport of the paſſage, fully confirms Mr. Steevens's interpretation. 
s Shal, Well, the Connce! ſhall know it. Fal. Twere better for you 
*twere known in counſel]. You'll be laugh'd at.“ 

In an office-book of Sir Heneage Finch, Treaſurer of the Chambers 
to Queen Elizabeth, (a Mſ. in the Britiſh Muſeum,) I obſerve that 
wheneyer the Privy Council is mentioned, the word is always ſpelt Coun- 
ſel; fo that the equivoque was leſs ſtrained then than it appears now. 

«« Mum is Counſell, viz. ſilence, is among Howel's Proverbial Sen- 
tences. See his DicT. folio, 1660. MALONE. 

7 Good worts! good cabbage:] Warts was the ancient name of all the 
cabbage kind. STEEVENS. 

D coney-catching raſcals, ] A coney-catcher was, in the time of 
Elizabeth, a common name for a cheat or ſharper. Green, one of the 
firſt among us who made a trade of writing pamphlets, publiſhed A De- 
tect ion of the Frauds and Tricks of Coney-catchers and Couzeners. 

| Jopns0N. 


G3 tavern, 


198 MERRY WIVES 


tavern, and made me drunk, and afterward pick'd my 
pocket“. 
Bar. Vou Banbury cheeſe * ! 
Slen. Ay, it is no matter. 
Fiſt. How now, Mephoſtophilus * ? 
Slen. Ay, it is no matter. 
Mm. Slice, I ſay! pauca, pauca 3; ſlice! that's my 
humour. 
Slen. Where's Simple, my man? — can you tell, couſin ? 
Ewvans. Peace: I pray you! Now let us underſtand: 
There is three umpires in this matter, as I underſtand : 
that is—maſter Page, fdelicet, maſter Page; and there 
is myſelf, fdelicet, myſelf ; and the three party is, laſtly 
and finally, mine hoſt of the Garter. . 
Page. We three, to hear it, and end it between them, 
Evans. Fery goot : I will make a prief of it in my 
\note-book ; and we will afterwards ork upon the cauſe, 
with as great diſcreetly as we can. 
Fal. Piltol,— 
Pit. He hears with ears. 
Evans. The tevil and his tam! what phraſe is this, 
Je hears with ear? Why, it is affectations. 
Fal. Piſtol, did you pick maſter Slender's purſe ? 
Slen. Ay, by theſe gloves, did he, (or I would I might 
never come in mine own great INE again elſe,) of 


9 7. bey 1 me &c.] Theſe words, which are neceſſary to intro- 
duce what Falſtaff ſays afterwards, [““ Piſtol, did you pick maſter 
.  Slender's purſe ?] I have reſtored from the early quarto. Of this cir- 
cumſtance, as the play is exhibited in the folio, Sir John could have 
no knowledge. MALONE. 

1 You Banbury cheeſe !] This is ſaid in alluſion to the thin carcaſe 
of Slender. STEEVENS. 

2 How now, Mepboſtophilus?] This is the name of a ſpirit * 
familiar, in the old ſtory book of Sir Fobn Fauſtus, or Jobn Fauſt : 

whom our author afterwards alludes. It was a cant phraſe of abuſe. 
b T. WARTON. 

3 Slice, T ſay; pauca, pauca !] Dr. Farmer (ſee a former note, p. 193, 
n. 6.) would transfer the Latin words to Evans. But the old copy, 
I think, is right. Piſtol, in X. Henry V. uſes the ſame language: 
| «© — I will hold the guondam Quickly | 

For the only ſhe 3 and pauca, there's enough.” 
In the ſame 5 Nym twice uſes the word ſolus. Maloxz. 


ſeven 


OF WINDSOR. 199 


ſeven groats in mill-ſixpences *, and two Edward ſhovel- 
boards 5, that coſt me two ſhilling and two pence a-piece 
of Yead Miller, by theſe gloves, : 

| Fal. 


4 — mill-fixpences,] It appears from a paſſage in Sir W. Davenant's 
News from Plimouth, that theſe mill'd. ſixpences wers uſed by way of 
counters to caſt up money: 5 

cc A few mill'd fiæpences, with which 
« My purſer caſts accompt.” STEEVENS. ' 

5 — Edward Shovel-boards,] He means the broad ſhillings of one of 
our kings, as appears from comparing theſe words with the correſpond- 
ing paſſage in the old quarto : „ Ay by this handkerchief did he; 
two faire ſhovel- board ſhillings, beſides ſeven groats in mill fixpences.” 

How twenty eight pence could be loſt in mill iæpences, Slender, how- 
ever, has not explained to us. MALONE. 

Edward Shovel-boards are the broad ſhillings of Edward VI, Tay- 
lor, the water poet, makes him complain: : 

46 .. the unthrift every day 
&« With my face downwards do at ſhoave-board play 
« That had I had a beard, you may ſuppoſe, 
& They had worne it off, as they have done my noſe,” 

And in a note he tells us: “ Edw. ſhillings for the moſt part are uſed 
at ſhoawe-board.” FARMER. | 

Dr, Farmer's note, and the authority he quotes, might, I think, paſs 
uncenſured, unleſs better proofs could be produced in oppoſition to them. 
They have, however, been objected to; and we are poſitively told that 
Maſter Slender's “ Edward Shovel boards have undoubtedly been broad 
ſoillings of Edward the Third.” I believe the broad ſhillings of that 
monarch were never before heard of, as he undoubtedly did not coin any 
ſhillings whatever. The following extract, for the notice of which I am 
indebted to Dr, Farmer, will probably ſhew the ſpecies of coin mention- 
ed in the text. I muſt here take notice before I entirely quit the 
ſubje of theſe laſt-mentioned ſhillings [of Edward Me that I have 
alſo ſeen ſome other pieces of good filver, greatly reſembling the ſame, 
and of the ſame date, 1547, that have been ſo much thicker as to weigh 
about half an ounce, together with ſome others that have weighed an 
ounce.” Folkes's Table of Engliſh filver coins, p. 32. The former of 
theſe were probably what coſt Maſter Slender two ſhillings and two 
pence a-piece. As to the point of chronology (to uſe the objector's 
| own words on another'occafion) it is not worth conſideration. REER D. 

That Shakſpeare ſhould here (as in all his other plays) have attributed 
the cuſtoms and manners of his own age to a preceding century, with- 
out any regard to chronology, cannot be a matter of ſurpriſe to any 
reader who is converſant with his compoſitions ; nor is it to be wonder- 
ad at, that the preſent unfounded objection ſhould have been made by one, 
whole arguments in general, like N of our author's Gratiano, are 

4 twa 


200 MERRY WIVES 

Fal. Is this true, Piſtol ? 

Evans. No; it is falſe, if it is a pick-purle. 

Pi. Ha, thou mountain-foreigner !--Sir John, and 

maſter mine, 
I combat challenge of this latten bilboe 6, 
Word of denial in thy labras here 7 ; 
Word of denial : froth and ſcum, thou lieft. 

Slen. By theſe gloves, then *twas he. 

Mm. Be avis'd, Sir, and paſs good humours: I will 
ſay, marry trap *, with you, if you run the . 
humour ? on me; that 1s the very note of it. 

'Slen. By this hat, then he in the red face had Pp . for 
—_ I cannot remember what I did when you made me 

yet I am not altogether an aſs. 


— 


two grains of wheat hid in two buſhels of chaff; you ſhall ſeek all day 
ere you find them, and, when you have them, they are not worth the 
ſearch.” MALONE. 

I combat challenge of this latten bilboe :] Piſtol, ſeeing Slender ſuch 
a ſlim, puny weight, would intimate, that he is as thin as a plate of 
that compound metal, which is called /atten ; and which was, as we 
are told, the old „ THEOBALD. 

Latten is a mixed metal, made of copper and calamine. MaLoNnE. 

The ſarcaſm intended is, that Slender had neither courage nor ſtrength, 
as a latten ſword hath neither edge nor ſubſtance. HEATH. 

I believe Theobald has given the true ſenſe of latten, though he is 
wrong in ſuppoſing, that the alluſion is to Slender's thinneſs. It is ra- 
ther to his ſoftneſs or weakneſs. TyYRWHITT. 

7 — in thy labras here ;] I ſuppoſe it ſhould rather be read 

Word of denial in my labras hear; 
that is, hear the word of denial in my lips. Thou ly'ſt. Jonnsow. 
Me often talk of giving the lie in a man's teeth, or in his throat. 
Piſtol chooſes to throw the word of denial in the /ips of his adverſary, 
and is ſuppoſed to point to them as he ſpeaks. STEVENS. 

There are few words in the old copies more frequently miſprinted 
than the word tear. © Thy lips,” however, is certainly right, as ap- 
pears from the old | quarto : 6 I do retort the lie even in h gorge, thy 
gorge, thy gorge.” MaALoNE. 

v — marry trap, —] When a man was caught in his own ſtratagem, 
J ſuppoſe the exclamation of inſult was marry, trap! JokNsON. 

9 — nutho;k's humour—] If you run the nuthook's bumour on me, is 
in plain Engliſh, I you ſay 1 ama thief. Enough is ſaid on the ſub- 
ject of booking moveables out of windows, in a note on X. Henry 1”. . 

STEEVENS: 


Fal. 


OF WINDS Oi 201 
Fal. What ſay you, Scarlet and John“? 
Bard. Why, fir, for my part, I ſay, the gentleman 
had drunk himſelf out of his five ſentences. 

Evans. It is his five ſenſes: fye, what the igno- 
rance is! | | Z 

Bard. And being fap *, fir, was, as they ſay, caſhier'd ; 
and ſo concluſions paſs d the careires 3. ; 

Slen. Ay, you ſpake in Latin then too; but tis no 
matter: I'll ne'er be drunk whilſt I live again, but in 
honeſt, civil, godly company, for this trick: if I be 
drunk, 1'll be drunk with thoſe that have the fear of God, 
and not with drunken knaves. | 

Evans. So Got *udge me, that is a virtuous mind. 

Fal. You hear all theſe matters deny'd, gentlemen ; 
you hear it. . 


Enter Miſtreſs Anne Page with wine; Miftreſs Ford and 
| Miſtreſs Page following. | 
Page. Nay, daughter, carry the wine in; we'll drink 
within. | [Exit Anne Page. 
Slen. O heaven! this is miſtreſs Anne Page. 
Page. How now, miſtreſs Ford? : 
Fal. Miſtreſs Ford, by my troth, you are very well 
met: by your leave, good miſtreſs. [ing her. 
Page. Wife, bid theſe gentlemen welcome :>Come, 


1 — Scarlet and obn?] The names of two of Robin Hood's com- 
panions; but the humour confifts in the alluſion to Bardolph's red 
face; concerning which, ſee Henry IV. Part II. WAR BURTON. 

2 And being fap,-] I know not the exact meaning of this cant 
word, neither have I met with it in any of our old dramatick pieces, 
which have often proved the beſt comments on Shakſpeare's vulgariſms. 
—Dr, Farmer, indeed, obſerves, that to $6 is to be beat; ſo that fap 
may mean being beaten, and caſpier d, turned out of company. STEEV. 

The word fap is probably made from wappa, a drunken fellow, or a 
good for nothing fellow, whoſe virtues are all exhaled. Slender in his 
anſwer ſeems to underſtand that Bardolph had made uſe of a Latin 
word. S. W. : 5 

3 careires. ] I believe this ſtrange word is nothing but the French 
cariere; and the expreſſion means, that the common bounds of good be- 
baviour ere overpaſſed. Jon NSN. | 

Cariere is a term of the manege. It is, I believe, properly the ring 
or circle wherein managed horſes move. MAL x. 


we 


202 MERRY WIV E S 
we have a hot veniſon paſty to dinner; come, gentlemen, 
I hope we ſhall drink down all unkindneſs. 
Exeunt all but SHAL. SLENDER, and Evans, 

Slen. I had rather than forty ſhillings, I had my book 
of Songs and Sonnets here * ;— 
| . Enter SIMPLE. 
How now, Simple; where have you been; I muſt wait 
on myſelf, muſt I? You have not The Book of Riddles 5 
about you, have you? | 

Sim. Book of Riddles ! why, did you not lend it to Alice 
Shortcake upon Allhallowmas laſt, a fortnight afore 
Michaelmas “? | | 

Shal. Come, coz ; come, coz; we ſtay for you. A 
word with you, coz : marry, this, coz; There is, as 
*twere, a tender, a kind of tender, made afar off by fir 
Hugh here; Do you underſtand me? | 
Slen. Ay, ſir, you ſhall find me reaſonable ; if it be ſo, 
I ſhall do that that is reaſon. 

Shal. Nay, but underſtand me. 

Slen. So I do, fir. | 

Evans. Give ear to his motions, maſter Slender: I 
will deſcription the matter to you, if you be capacity of it. 

Slex. Nay, I will do as my couſin Shallow ſays: I 
pray you, pardon me; he's a juſtice of peace in his coun- 
try, {imple though I ſtand here. | 


4 — my book of Songs and Sonnets here :] It cannot be ſuppoſed that 
poor Slender was himſelf a poet. He probably means the Poems of 
Lord Surrey and others, which were very popular in the age of Queen 
Elizabeth. They were printed in 1567, with this title: „“ Songes and 
Sonnettes, written by the right honorable Lord Henry Howard, late 
Earle of Surrey, and others.” 

Slender laments that he has not this faſhionable book about him, 
ſuppoſing it might have aſſiſted him in paying his addreſſes to Anne 
Page. MaLone. f 

5 You bave not The Book of Riddles] This appears to have been 2 
popular book, and is enumerated with others in The Engliſh Courtier 
and Country Gentleman, Bl. I. quarto, 1586. Sig. H. 4. Rrx SB. 

6 — upon Allballowmas laſt, a fortnight afore Micbaelmas?] Allhal- 
lowmas being almoſt five weeks _ Michaelmas, Mr, Theobald reads 
Martlemas ; but Shakſpeare (as Dr, Johnſon has obſerved) probably in- 


tended a blunder, MALoNE. 
| Ewvans. 


| 


OF WINDS OR 203 

Evans. But that is not the queſtion; the queſtion is 
concerning your marriage. = : 

Shal. Ay, there's the point, fir. | 

Evans. Marry, is it; the very point of it; to miſtreſs 
Anne Page. | | 
Slen. Why, if it be fo, I will marry her, upon any rea- 
ſonable demands. | | 

Evans. But can you affection the *oman ? Let us com- 
mand to know that of your mouth, or of your lips; for 
divers philoſophers hold, that the lips 1s parcel of the 
mouth 7 ;—Therefore, preciſely, can you carry your good- 
will to the maid ? | | 

Shal. Couſin Abraham Slender, can you love her? 

_  $len. J hope, fir, —I will do, as it ſhall become one that 
would do reaſon. 

Evans. Nay, Got's lords and his ladies, you muſt ſpeak 
poſſitable, if you can carry her your deſires towards her. 

Shal, That you muſt; Will you, upon good dowry, 
marry her ? 

Slen, J will do a greater thing than that, upon your 
requeſt, couſin, in any reaſon. 

Shal. Nay, conceive me, conceive me, ſweet coz ; 
what I do, is to pleaſure you, coz: Can you love the 
maid ? | 

Slen. I will marry her, fir, at your requeſt; but if 
there be no great love in the beginning, yet heaven may 
decreaſe it upon better acquaintance, when we are mar- 
ry'd, and have more occaſion to know one another: I 
hope, upon familiarity will grow more contempt * : but 
if you ſay, marry her, I will marry her, that I am freely 
diſſolved, and diflolutely, | | 

Evans. It is a fery diſcretion anſwer ; ſave, the faul* 


7 — the lips is parcel of the mouth;] Parcel in our author's time 
ſignified part. It is yet Uſed by lawyers in that ſenſe. Mr. Reed, I 
find, has made the ſame obſervation. MALON E. 

> I hope, upon familiarity will grow more contempt :] The old 
copy reads content. The emendation is Mr, Theobald's. Alox. 

Theobald's conjecture may be ſupported by the ſame intentional 
blunder in Lowe's Labour's Loft : 

6 Sir, the contempts thereof are as touching me,” STEEVENS. 


18 


204 MERRY WIVES 


is in the ort diſſolutely: the *ort is, according to our 
meaning, reſolutely ;—his meaning is good, 
Shal. Ay, I think my couſin meant well. 
len. Ay, orelſe I would I might be hang'd, la. 


Re-enter Anne Page. 


Shal. Here comes fair miſtreſs Anne Would I were 
young, for your ſake, miſtreſs Anne! 

Anne. The dinner is on the table; my father deſires 
your worſhips company. | 

Shal. I will wait on him, fair miſtreſs Anne. 

Evans. Od's pleſſed will! I will not be abſence at 
the grace. [Exeunt SHALLOW and Sir H. Evans, 

Anne. Will't pleaſe your worſhip to come in, fir ? 

_ No, I thank you, forſooth, heartily ; I am very 
WEIL, . | 

Anne, The dinner attends you, ſir. | 

Slen. I am not a-hungry, I thank you, forſooth:— Go, 
firrah, for all you are my man, go, wait upon my couſin 
Shallow : 2 SIMPLE.] A juſtice of peace ſometime 
may be beholden to his friend for a man: — I keep but 
three men and a boy yet, till my mother be dead : But 
what though? yet I live like a poor gentleman born. 
Anne. I may not go in without your worſhip : they will 
not fit, till you come. 
Sen. I'faith, I'll eat nothing; I thank you as much 
as though I did. | 

Anne. I pray you, fir, walk in. | 

Slen. I had rather walk here, I thank you: I bruis'd 
my ſhin the other day with playing at ſword and dagger 
with a maſter of fence?®, three veneys for a diſh of 


9 — a maſter of fence,] Maſter of defence, on this occaſion, does 
not ſimply mean a profeſſor of the art of fencing, but a perſon who had 
taken his maſter's degree in it. I learn from one of the Slonian Mis. 
(now in the Britiſh Muſeum, No 2530. XXVI D.) which ſeems to be 
the fragment of a regiſter formerly belonging to ſome of our ſchools where 
the Noble Science of Defence was taught from the year 15683 to 
1583, that in this Art there were three degrees, viz. a Maſter's, a Pro- 
voſt's, and a Scholar's. For each of theſe a prize was play'd, as exer- 
eiſes are kept in Univerſities for ſimilar purpoſes, STEEVENS. 


ſtew' d 


ſtew'd prunes"; and, by my troth, I cannot abide the. 
ſmell of hot meat ſince. Why do your dogs bark o:? be 
there bears i' the town? | 

Anne. I think, there are, fir; I heard them talk'd of. 

Slen. J love the ſport well; but I ſhall as ſoon quarrel 
at it, as any man in England :—You are afraid, if you 
ſee the bear looſe, are you not ? | 

Anne. Ay, indeed, fir. „„ 

Slen. That's meat and drink to me now: I have ſeen 
Sackerſon looſe 2, twenty times; and have taken him 
by the chain“: but, I warrant you, the women have fo 
cry'd and ſhriek'd at it, that it paſs'd*:—but women, 
indeed, cannot abide em; they are very ill-favour'd 

rough things. 


| Re-enter PAGE. 

Page. Come, gentle maſter Slender, come ; we ſtay 
for you. | 

Slen. I'll eat nothing, I thank you, fir. 

Page. By cock and pye *, you ſhall not chooſe, fir : 
come, come. 


I = three veneys for a diſh of ftew'd prunes ;] i. e. three venues, 
French. 8 N es a technical term, So, in our 
author's Love's Labour's Loft : | 

& f a quick wenew of wit.“ STEEVENS. | 

2 — I have ſeen Sackerſon heſe,] Sackerſon, or Sacarſon, was the 
name of a bear that was exhibited in our author's time at Paris-Gar- 
den in Southwark. See an old collection of Epigrams [ by Sir John 
Pavies] printed at Middlebourg (without date, but in or before 1598): 

& Publius, a ſtudent of the common law, : 
& To Paris-garden doth himſelf withdraw j— 
« Leaving old Ployden, Dyer, and Broke, alone, 

& To ſee old Harry Hunkes and name) mh 

Sacarſon probably had his name from his keeper, So, in the Puri- 
tan, a comedy, 1607: „How many dogs do you think I had upon 
me ?— Almoſt as many as George Stone, the bear; three at once. 

| | / Martone. 

3 and have taken him by the chain :] You dare as well take a bear 
by the 799th—is one of Ray's Proverbial Sentences, MALoNE. 
| + — that it paſs d:] It paſs'd, or this paſſes, was a way of ſpeak- 
ing cuſtomary heretofore, to ſignify the exceſs, or extraordinary degree 
of any thing, The ſentence completed would be, This paſſes all ex- 
Preſſion, or perhaps, This paſſes all things. We ſtill uſe paſſing well, 
Paſſing ſtrange. WARBURTON» 

5 By cock. and pye,] See a note on Act V. ſe i. K. Henry IV. 
P. II. STEzvEns, 

Sen. 


o In ! 


do you that wrong. 


W MERRY WIVES 


Slen. Nay, pray you, lead the way. 

Page. Come on, fir. . 

Slen. Miſtreſs Anne, yourſelf ſhall go firſt. 

Anne. Not I, fir; pray you, keep on. 

Slen. Truly, I will not go firſt; truly, la: I will not 
Anne. I pray you, fir. | | 
Sen. I'll rather be unmannerly, than troubleſome : 

you do yourſelf wrong, indeed, la. [Exeunt. 


Ss CE NE I, 
The ſame. | 
Enter Sir Hugh Evans and SIMPLE. 

Evans. Go your ways, and aſk of Doctor Caius? houſe, 
which is the way: and there dwells one miſtreſs Quickly, 
which 1s in the manner of his nurſe, or his dry nurſe, or 
his cook, or his laundry, his waſher, and his wringer. 

Simp. Well, fir. 2 

Evans. Nay, it is petter yet :—give her this letter; 
for it is a *oman that altogether's acquaintance *® with. 
miſtreſs Anne Page; and the letter is, to defire and re- 
quire her to ſolicit your maſter's defires to miſtreſs Anne 
Page: I pray you, be gone; I will make an end of my 
dinner; there's pippins and cheeſe to come. [ Zxeunt. 


SCENE III. 


| A Room in the Garter Inn. ; 
Enter FalsTare, Hoſt, BAR DOL PH, Ny Mu, PisToOs, 
E and Robin. | 

Fal. Mine hoſt of the Garter, — 

Hot. What ſays my bully-rook 7 ? Speak ſcholarly, and 
wiſely. | | | 

Fal. Truly, mine hoſt, I muſt turn away ſome of my 
followers. ; 

He. Diſcard, bully Hercules; caſhier: let them 
wag ; trot, trot. | | 3 

Fal. I fit at ten pounds a week. 

6 — that altogether's acquaintance] The old copy has—altoget bers 
acquaintance. The emendation was made by Mr. Tyrwhitt. MALONE. 


ny bully-rook ?] The latter part of this compound title is taken 
from the rools at the game of cheſs, STEEVENS. : 
— | Hiſt. 


OF WIND S OR. 207 


Hef. Thou' rt an emperor, Cæſar, Keifſar *, and Phee- 
zar. Iwill entertain Bardolph ; he ſhall draw, he ſhall 
tap: ſaid I well *, bully Hector? 
Fal. Do ſo, good mine hoſt. | 
Hoft. IJ have ſpoke ; let him follow: Let me ſee thee 
- froth, and lime“: I am at a word; follow. [Exit Holt. 
Fal. Bardolph, follow him; a tapſter is a good trade: 
An old cloak makes a new jerkin; a withered ferving- 
7 . . 
man, a freſh tapſter*: Go; adieu. 
Bard. It is a life that I have deſired: I will thrive. 
1 [Exit Ba R DpñoLHRH. 
Pit, O baſe Gongarian wight? wilt thou the ſpigot 
wield * ? | 
8 .m Keiſar,] The preface to Stowe's Chronicle obſerves, that the 
Germans uſe the K for C, pronouncing Keyſar for Cæſar, their general 
word for an emperor. ToLLET. 8 
* — ſaid I well. ?] Mr. Tyrwhitt ebſerves, that a ſimilar phraſe 
is given to the hoft in the Pardoneres Prologue, CAN T. TAL Es, v. 12246, 
edit. 1775; and ſuppoſes from this, and other circumſtances of general 
reſemblance, that Shakſpeare, when he drew his Heft of the Garter, had 
not forgotten his Chaucer. But the paſſage (as he remarked to Mr, 
Steevens) not being in any of the ancient printed editions, I imagine 
this phraſe muſt have reached our author in ſome other way; for I ſuſpect 
he did nor devote much time to the peruſal of old Mſs. MATLON E. 
9 —and lime: ] Thus the quarto. The folio has—and /ive, Maron, 
The reading of the old quarto of 1602 and 1619, Let me ſee thee froth, 
and lime, I take to be the true one. The Hoſt calls for an immediate 
ſpecimen of Bardolph's abilities as a tapſter; and frothing beer and 
lining ſack were tricks practiſed in the time of Shakſpeare. The firſt 
was done by putting ſoap into the bottom of the tankard when they 
drew the beer; the other, by mixing /ime with the ſack (i. e. ſherry) to 
make it ſparkle in the glaſs. Falſtaff himſelf complains of limed 
fack. STEEVENS. ; 

I — a wither'd ſervingman, a freſh tapſter:] This is not impro- 
bably a parody on the old proverb“ A broken apothecary, a new 
doctor.“ See Ray's Proverbs, 3d edit. p. 2. STEEVENS. | 
2 O baſe Gongarian wight ! &c.] This is a parody on a line taken 

from one of the old bombaſt plays, beginning : 

« O baſe Gongarian, wilt thou the diſtaff wield Y? 

I had marked the paſſage down, but forgot to note the play. 
The folio reads Hungarian, which is likewiſe a cant term. In the 
Merry Devil of Edmonton, 1626, the merry Hoſt ſays, «© I have Knights 
and Colonels in my houſe, and muit tend the Hungarians.” STEEVENS. 
The word is Gongarian in the firſt edition, and ſhould be continued, 
the better to fix the alluſion, FARMER. | 


| 
| 
| 


208' MERRY WIVES 

Mm. He was gotten in drink: Is not the humour con- 
+ pk His mind is not heroick, and there's the humour 
of 1t 3 | 

Fal. I am glad, I am fo acquit of this tinderbox ; his 
thefts were too open: his filching was like an unſkilful 
ſinger, he kept not time. 

Mm. The good humour is, to ſteal at a minute“ s reſt +, 

Pift. Canvey, the wiſe it call: Steal: foh ; a fico for 


| the phraſe! 


Fal. Well, firs, Jam almoſt out at heels. 
. Pit. Why then, let kibes enſue. 
1 55 There is no remady 3 I muſt coney-catch, I 201 
t. 
Pift. Young ravens muſt have food *. 
Fal. Which of you know Ford of this town? 
Pift. I ken the wight; he is of ſubſtance good. 
Fal. My honeſt lads, I will tell you what I am about. 
Pit. Two yards, and more. | 
Fal. No quips now, Piſtol ; Indeed I am in the waiſt 


two yards about: but I am now about no waſtes; I am 


about thrift. Briefly, I do mean to make lovetto Ford's 
wife; I ſpy entertainment in her; ſhe diſcourſes, ſhe 


3 == bumogr of it.] This ſpeech is partly taken from the corrected 
copy, and partly from the flight ſketch in 1602. I mention it, that 
thoſe who do not find it in either of the common old editions, may not 
ſuſpect it to be ſpurious. STEEVENS, 

4 The good bumour is, to fleal at a minute's reſt. 1 *Tis true, (ſays 
Nym) Bardolph did not keep time; did not ſteal at the critical and exact 


ſeaſon, when he would probably be leaft obſerved. The true method 


is, to fteal juſt at the inſtant when watchfulneſs is off its guard, and 
repoſes but for a moment, Mr. Langton would read-——minim's reſt, which 
certainly correſponds more exactly with the preceding ſpeech z but 
Shakſpeare ſcarcely ever purſues his metaphors far. M ALONE. 
5 Young raven: muſt TOE Feed.] An adage, See Ray's Proverbs. 
STEEVENS. 
abode no N 1 find the fame play on words in Heywood's 
Efigrams, 1562: 
ce Where am I leaſt, huſband ? ? quoth he. in the waiſt; 
© Which cometh of this, thou art vengeance ſtrait lac'd, 
„ Where am Ibiggeft, wife? in the waſte, quoth ſhe, 
« For all is waſte in you, as far as I ſee,” STEEvENs. 


CArVES, 


OF WIN S. 
- carves?, ſhe gives the leer of invitation: I can conſtrue 
the action of her familiar ſtyle - and the hardeſt voice of 


her behaviour, to be Engliſh 
Falftaff*s. EO. 
Pig. He hath ſtudy'd her well, and tranſlated her 
well*; out of honeſty into Engliſh. - 

Nym. The anchor is deep“: Will that humour paſs ? 
Fal. Now, the report goes, ſhe has all the rule of 
her huſband's purſe; ſhe hath legions of angels. | 

| 25 As many devils entertain“; and, To her, boy, 
fay Þ.- * | 1 Sn | 


d rightly, is, I am Sir Jobn 


Nym. The humour riſes; it is good: humour me the 


angels. 


7 —= ſhecarves,] It ſhould be remembered, that anciently the young 
of both ſexes were inſtructed in carwing, as a neceſſary accompliſhment. 
In 1508, Wynkyn de Worde publiſhed « A Boke of Kervinge.” $0 
in Love's Labour's Loft, Biron ſays of Boyer, the French courtier, © He 
can carve too, and liſp,” STEEVENS. | 

s He hath fludied ber well, and tranſlated ber well; ] The firſt 
folio has will in both places. Fel is the reading of the early quarto. 

"LESS MALONEs 

Tranſlation is not uſed in its common acceptation, but means to ex- 
plain, as one language is explained by another. So, in Hamlet: 
1 —theſe profound heaves | | 

« You muſt tranſlate; tis fit we underſtand them.“ STEEVENS. 

9 The anchor is deep :] Dr. FJobnſon very, acutely propoſes ( the. 
author is deep.” He reads with the firſt copy, „“ he hath ſtudy d her 
well;”* and from this equivocal word, Nym catches the idea of deep- 
neſs. But it is almoſt impoſſible to aſcertain the diction of this whimſi- 
cal character; and I meet with a phraſe in Fenner's Comptor's Common 
2vealth, 1617, which perhaps may ſupport the old reading: “ Maſter 

Deckers Bellman of London hath ſet forth the vices of the time ſo lively, 
that it ãs impoſſible the anchor of any other man's braine could ſound 
the ſea of a more deepe and dreadful miſcheefe. Farmer. 

Nym, I believe, only means to ſay, the ſcheme for debauching 
Ford's wife is deep; well laid. MATLON E. . | 
„ The anchor is deep,” may mean his hopes are well founded. In 
the year 1558, a ballad intituled “ Hold the ancer faſt, is entered on 
the books of the Stationers* Company. STEEVENS. 

1 As many devils entertain ;] i. e. do you retain in your ſervice as 
many devils as ſhe has angels. So, in the Two Gentlemen of Verona: 

Sweet lady, entertain him for your ſervant.”  _ | 

This is the reading of the folio. MAL ONE. hs 
The old quarto reads, - As many devils attend her. STEEVENS. 


Vor. I. * | Fal, 


* 
— 


— ts. 


—— e 7ĩ«ĩIP:?]«t̃ e ö¶‚.ͤ 
4 . * 


— — 


— — — 
— * . 


— 


210 MERRY WIVE XS 


Fal. IT have writ me here a letter to her: and here ana- 
ther to Page's wife; who even now gave me good eyes 
too, examined my parts with moſt judicious eyliads =: 
ſometimes the beam of her view gilded my foot, ſometimes 
my portly belly *. | : | 

Piſt. Then did the ſun on dung-hill ſhine +. 

Nym. I thank thee for that humour“. 

Fal. O, ſhe did ſo courſe o'er my exteriors with ſuch a 
greedy intention ©, that the appetite of her eye did ſeem 
to ſcorch me up like a burning-glaſs! Here's another 
letter to her: ſhe bears the — too; ſhe is a region in 
Guiana, all gold and bounty 7. Iwill be cheater to them 
both, and 5 ſhall be exchequers to me“; they ſhall 
be my Eaſt and Weſt Indies, and Iwill trade to them 
both. Go, bear thou this letter to miſtreſs Page; and 


Z — eyliads :] This word is differently ſpelt in all the copies. I ſup- 

poſe we ſhould write ozi//ades, French. STxEveNs. 
3 m— ſometimes the beam of her view gilded my foot, ſometimes my 
port!y belly.] So, in our authour's 22th Sonnet: 
| « An eye more bright than their's, leſs falſe in rolling, 
% Gilding the object whereupon it gazeth.” MALONE. 
4 Then did the ſun an dunghill ſhine.] So, in Lilly's Eupbues, 1581: 
„„The ſun ſhineth upon the dunghill.” T. H. W. | 

5. —— that bumour.] What diſtinguiſhes the language of Nym from 
that of the other attendants on Falſtaft, is the conſtant repetition of 
this phraſe. In the time of Shakſpeare ſuch an affectation ſeems to 
have been ſufficient to mark a character. In Sir Giles Gooſecap, a play 
of which I have no earlier edition than that of 1606, the ſame peculi- 
arity is mentioned in the hero of the piece: his only reaſon for 
every thing is, that wwe are all mortal; then hath he another pretty 
pPhraſe too, and that is, he will tickle tbe wanity of every thing.” 

0 | : STEEVENS» 
intention, ] i. e. eagerneſs of deſire. STEEVENS. 

7 — ſhe is a region in Guiana, all gold and bounty.] After Sir Walter 
Raleigh s return from Guiana in 1596, a very tew years before this 
play was written, very pompous accounts were publiſhed of the wealth * 
of South America, and extraordinary hopes entertained about its pro- 
duce. MALONE. | 

IJ vill be cheater tothem bith, and they ſhall be exchequers to me; 
The ſame joke is intended here, as in The Second Part of Henry the 
Fourth, act II: „I will bar no honeſt man my houſe, nor no 
cheater.” —By which is meant Eſcheatour, an officer in the Exchequer, 
in no good repute with the common people. WarBURTON, 


thou 


OF: W ND 211 


thou this to miſtreſs Ford: we will thrive, lads, we will 
thri ve. | 

Pift. Shall I fir Pandarus of Troy become, 
And by my ſide wear ſteel? then, Lucifer take all! 


Mm. I will run no baſe humour: here, take the hu- 


mour letter ; I will keep the *haviour of reputation. 
Fal. Hold, ſirrah, [fo Rob.] bear you theſe letters 
tightly? ; | 
Sail like my pinnace * to theſe golden ſhores.— 
Rogues, hence, avaunt! vaniſh like hail-ſtones, go; 
Trudge, plod, away, o' the hoof; ſeek ſhelter, pack! 
Falſtaff will learn the humour of this age, 
French thrift, you rogues ; myſelf, and ſkirted page. 
[Exeunt FALSTAFF and Robin. 
Pi. Let vultures gripe thy guts *! for gourd, and 
fullam holds, | 
And high and low beguile the rich and poor“: 
Teſter I'Il have in pouch, when thou ſhalt lack, 


9 — tightly 3] i. e. cleverly, adroitly, So, in Antony and Cleopatra, 

Antony putting on his armour, ſays, a 
| cc my queen's a ſquire 
« More tight at this, than thou.” Marons, 

1 — my pinnace] A ſmall veſſel with a ſquare ſtern, having fails and 
oars, and carrying three maſts; chiefly uſed (ſays Rolt, in his Dictionary 
of Commerce,) as a ſcout for intelligence, and for landing of men. It 
likewiſe ſignifies (as Mr. Steevens has obſerved) a man of war's boat. 

IS © MALONE. 

2 Let wultures gripe thy guts 1] This hemiſtich is a burleſque on a 
paſſage in Tamburlaine, or The Scythian Shepherd, 1591, of which 
play a more particular account is given in one of the notes to Henry IV. 
P. II. Act II. ſe. ive STEEVENS. 

I ſuppoſe the following is the paſſage intended to be ridiculed: 
cc and now doth ghaſtly death 7 
« With · greedy tallents [ talons] gripe my bleeding heart, 
ce And like a harper [harpy] tyers on my life.” 
Again, ibid : | 
e Griping our bowels with retorted thoughts.” Marons, 
— for gourd, and fullam þo/ds, 
And highend low heguile the rich and poor :] Cant terms for falſe 
dice.-Gourds were probably dice in which a ſecret cavity had been 


3 


; 


made; fullams, thoſe which had been loaded with a ſmall bit of lead. 


High men and low men, which were likewiſe cant terms, explain them- 
ſelves, High numbers on the dice, at hazard, are from five to twelve, 
anclufive; low, from aces to four. MAT ONE. 


] F232 * Baſe 


21 z MERRY WIVES 
Baſe Phrygian Turk! | | | 

Mm. I have operations in my head *, which be humours 
of revenge. | 85 

Pift. Wilt thou revenge? 

Mm. By welkin, and her ſtar! 

Pit. With wit, or ſteel? * 
Wm. With both the humeurs, I: 
I will diſcuſs the humour of this love to Page“. 

Pit. And I to Ford ſhall eke unfold, 

How Falſtaff, varlet vile, | 
Hrs dove will prove, his gold will hold, 
. And his ſoft couch defile. 

Mm. My humour ſhall not cool: I will incenſe Page 
to deal with poiſon; I will poſſeſs him with yellowneſs “, 
for the revolt of mien 7 is dangerous: that is my true hu- 
mour. 

Pift. Thou art the Mars of malecontents: I ſecond 

_ thee; troop on. | | [Exeunt, 
| A Room in Dr. Caius's Houſe. 
Enter Mrs. QuickLy, STM IE, and RucBy. 


Quick. What; John Rugby I pray thee, go to the 
caſement, and ſee if you can ſee my maſter, maſter Doctor 


4 — in my bead, ] Theſe words, which are omitted in the folio, were 
recovered by Mr. Pope from the early quarto. Marone. 5 

'5 I will diſcuſs the humour of this love to Page.] The folio reads —to 

Ford; and in the next line and 1 to Page, &c. But the reverſe of 

this (as Mr. Steevens has obferved) happens in Act. IH. where Nym 

. makes the diſcovery to Page, and Piſtol to Ford. I have therefore 

corrected the text from the old quarto, where Nym declares he will 


make the diſcovery to Page; and Piſtol ſays, And 1 to Ford will like» 


Wiſe tell.“ MALONE. | | 

© cm yellowneſs, ] Yellowneſs is jealouſy. JonnsoN. 

J F813 

7 — the revolt of mien —] is change of countenance; one of the 

effects he has been juſt aſcribing to jealouſy, STEVENS. 
Nym means, I think, to ſay, that kind of change in the complexion, 

which is cauſed by jealouſy, renders the perſon poſſeſſed by ſuch a paſſion 
dangerous; conſequently Ford will be likely to revenge himſelf on Fal- 


ſtaff, and I ſhall be gratified. I believe our author wrote that revolt &c. 


though 1 have not diſturbed the text. ye and yt in the Mis. of his time 
were eaſily confounded, MAL ONE. 5 5 ; 
TY | | N Caius, 


7 l IO "SPOT R A > q n 
n . r . * 4 "A IEP of Ls "we: IN EEO 
5 JJ A N TI OPT 3n Has end TO BIDTNes g 


. 2 Po 
&= 1 SAY 


r Nes r ² A nn gon i? f 
FFC ME 26 


5 
2 
Irs 

bu 


| DFP WINDSOR... 213 
Caius, coming: if he do, i'faith, and find any body in 
the houſe, here will be an old abufing of God's patience, 
and the king's Engliſh, 

Rug. I'll go watch. | [Exit RUGBY, 


®Puick. Go; and we'll have a poſſet for't ſoon at night, 


in faith, at the latter end of a ſea- coal fire*. An honeſt, 
willing, kind fellow, as ever ſervant ſhall come in houſe 
withal; and, I warrant yon, no tell-tale, nor no breed- 


bate®: his worſt fault is, that he is given to prayer; he 


is ſomething peeviſh i that way: but nobody but has his 
fault ;—but let that paſs. Peter Simple, you ſay your 
name is? | | 

Sim. Ay, for fault of a better. 

Duick. And maſter Slender's your maſter ? 

Sim. Ay, forfooth. 

Quick. Does he not wear a great round beard, like a 
glover's Paring knife *? | = | 

Sim. No, forſooth: he hath but a little wee face “, 
with a little yellow beard; a Cain-colour'd beard 3. 

DPuick, A ſoftly- ſprighted man, is he not? 


3 mat the latter end of a ſea ccal fire.] That is, when my maſter is 
in bed. JOHNSON. | 
9 — no breed- bate:] Bate is an obſolete word, ſignifying ftrife, con- 
tention, STEEVENS. | | 
I n= peeviſh—] Peeviſh is fooliſh, So in Cymbeline, Act II: 
- 6 — he's ftrange and peeviſh.” STEEVENS — 
I believe, this is one of dame Quckly's blunders, and that ſhe means 
preciſe, MarLone. | 3 
* — 2 great round beard, &c.] See a note on X. Henry V. Act. 
III. ſc. vi: © And what a beard of the general's cut, &c.” MATON E. 
2 — a little wee face,] Wee, in the northern dialect, ſignifies very 
little. CoLr ins. | 
On the authority of the quarto, 1619, we might be led to read— 
7vbey- face: **-fomewhat of a weakly man, and has as it were a whey 
coloured beard.” Macbeth calls one of the meſſengers whey-face. Sr EE. 
3 —a Cain-colour'd beard.] Cain and Judas, in the tapeſtries and pic- 
tures of old, were repreſented with ye/lowo beards, TxzoBALD. 
In an age, when but a ſmall part of the nation could read, ideas were 
frequently borrowed from repreſentations in painting or tapeſtry, A 
cane-colour'd beard however, [ the reading of the quarto, ] might ſignify 
a beard of the colour of cane, i. e. a fickly yellow; for ffraw-coloured 
beards are mentioned in the Midſummer Night's Dream. Srrzvxxs. 
The words of the quarto, —a eohey-colour'd beard, ftrongly fayour 
this reading; for'2vbey and cane are nearly of the ſame colour. MaLone. 


- Sim. 


2 


= 


214 MERRY WIVES 


Sim, Ay, forſooth ; but he is as tall a man of his hands?, 
as any 1s between this and his head ; he hath fought with 
a warrener. | . 

DPuick. How ſay you ?—O, I ſhould remember him; 
Does he not hold up his head, as it were ? and ftrut in 
his gait? | 

Sim. Yes, indeed, does he, | | 

Quick. Well, heaven ſend Anne Page no worſe fortune! 
Tell maſter parſon Evans, I will do what I can for your 
maſter; Anne is a good girl, and I wiſh— 


Re-enter RuGcsyr. 


Rug. Ont, alas! here comes my maſter, | 
Puick, Weſhallall be ſhent5: Run in here, good young 
man; go into this cloſet. [Shuts Simple in the cloſet.] 
He will not ſtay long. What, John Rugby! John, what, 
John, I ſay! —Go, John, go enquire for my maſter; I 
doubt, he be not well, that he comes not home: — 224 
down, down, adown-a®, &C. [ Sings. 
15 Enter Doctor Ca Ius 7. | 
Caius. Vat is you ſing? I do not like deſe toys; Pray 
IE | you, 


4 — as tall a man of bis hands,] Perhaps this is an alluſion to the 
jocky meaſure, ſo many hands high, uſed by grooms when ſpeaking of 
horſes. Tall, in our author's time, ſignified not only height of ſtature, 
but ſtoutneſs of body. The ambiguity of the phraſe ſeems intended. 

: PERCY. 

Whatever may be the origin of this phraſe, it is very ancient, being 
uſed by Gower. De Confeſſione Amantis, lib. v. fol. 118. b. 
| « A worthie knight was of bis Bonde, 

c There was none ſuch in all the londe.” - STEEvens. 

Dr. Percy's account of the origin of this phraſe can hardly be juſt ; 
for a proper man of his hands” was likewiſe a phraſe of our author's 
age; and that cannot allude to the meaſure of horſes. Marone. 

Ss — we ſhall all be ſpent :] i. e. ſcolded, roughly treated. STEEVENS. 

6 — and down, down, adown-a, &c.] To deceive her maſter, ſhe 
fings as if at. her work. SIR J. Hawxins. | 

This appears to have been the burden of ſome ſong then well known. 
In Every woman in ber Humour, 1609, ſign. E. 1. one of the charac- 
ters ſays, ** Hey, good boyes i' faith; now a threemans ſong, or the old 
dowwne adozwne ; well, things muſt be as they may; &c.” REED. 


7 Enter Doctor Cajus.] Dr. John Caius was a celebrated phytician 
| | in 


OFF WI NVU 3 
you, go and vetch me in my cloſet an boitzer werd.* ; a 
box, a green-a box; Do intend vat I ſpeak ? a green-a 
box. 2 

Buick, Ay, forſooth, I'Il fetch it you. I am glad he 
went not in himſelf: if he had found the young man, he 
would have been horn-mad. [Alde. 

Caius. Fe, fe, fe, fe! ma foi, il fait fort chaud. Te 
men vais a la Cour, —la grande affaire. 

Daick. Is it this, Sir. | ; 

Caius. Ouy ; mette le au mon pocket; Depeche, quick- 
ly:—Vere is dat knave Rugby? | 4 

Quick. What, John Rugby! John! 

Rug. Here, Sir. 

Caius. You are John Rugby, and you are Jack Rugby : 
Come, take-a your rapier, and come after my heel to de 
court. | 

Rug. Tis ready, Sir, here in the porch. 

- Caius. By my trot, I tarry too long : — Od's me! 
Quai jb oubliẽ? dere is ſome fimples in my cloſet, dat 1 
vill not for the varld I ſhall leave behind. 

Puick. Ah me! he'll find the young man there, and be 
mad. | | | 
_ Caius, O diable, diable! vat is in my cloſet ?—Villainy ! 
laron ! | pulling Simple out.] Rugby, my rapier. 


in the time of Queen Elizabeth, and founder of Caius college, in 
Cambridge. He was born in 1510, and died in 1567: He is laid to 
have written a great part of Grafton's Chronicle. MALONE. | 

It has been thought ſtrange, that our author ſhould take the name 
of Caius for his Frenchman in this comedy; but Shakſpeare was little 
acquainted with literary hiſtory 3 and without doubt, from his unuſual 
name, , ſuppoſed him to have been a foreign quack. Add to this, that 
the doctor was handed down as a kind of Roficrucian : Mr, Ames had 
in Mſ, one of the a Writings of Dr. Caius.” FARMER. _ 

This character of Dr. Caius might have been drawn from the life; 
as in Facke of Dover's Queſt of Enquirie, 1604, (perhaps a republica- 
tion) a ſtory called the F:ole of Winſor begins thus: © Upon a time there 
was in Winſor a certaine fimple outlandiſhe doctor of phyſicke, belonging 
to the deane, &c.” STEEVENS. | | 
un boitier werd ;] Boitier in French ſignifies a caſe of ſurgeons 
inſtruments. GRT. | . 
I believe it rather means a box of ſalve, or caſe to hold fimp/es, for 
which Caius profeſſes to ſeek. STEEVENS, <4 


"© +: Duick, 


216 MERRY WIVES 
Duick, Good maſter, be content. 
Caius. Verefore ſhall I be content-a? 
Quick. The young man is an honeſt man. | 
Caius. Vat ſhall de honeſt man do in my cloſet ? dere 
15 no honeſt man dat ſhall come in my cloſet. 


. Burch. I beſeech you, be not ſo flegmatick; hear the 
truth of it: He came of an errand to me from parton 
Hugh. | N 

Caius. Vell. | 
Sim. Ay, forſooth, to deſire her to 

Quick. Peace, I pray you. | 

Caius. Peace-a your tongue :—Speak-a your tale. 


Sim. To deſire this honeſt gentlewoman, your maid, 
to ſpeak a good word to miſtreſs Anne Page for my maſter 


in the way of marriage. oO 
Quick, This is all, indeed, la; but I'll ne'er put my 
finger in the fire, and need not. | | 
Caius, Sir Hugh ſend-a you ? Rugby, Balllex me ſome 
paper : Tarry you a little-a while. [wwrites. 
Duck, I am glad he 1s ſa quiet; if he had been tho- 
oughly moved, you ſhould have heard him fo laud, and 
| fo melancholy ;—But notwithſtanding, man, I'Il do your 
maſter what good I can: and the very yea and the no is, 
the French Doctor, my maſter, —I may call him my maſter, 
look you, for I keep his houſe; and I waſh, wring, brew, 
bake, ſcour, dreſs meat and drink 9, make the beds, and 
do all myſelf ;— [ED | | 
a Tis a great charge, to come under one body's 
nd. 
DPuick. Are you avis'd o' that? you ſhall find it a great 
charge: and to be up early, and down late ;—but not- 


withſtanding, (to tell you in your ear; I would have no 


words of it;) my maſter himſelf is in love with miſtreſs 
Anne Page: but notwithſtanding that, — I know Anne's 
mind,—that's neither here nor there. 

Caius, You jack*nape ; give-a dis letter to Sir Hugh ; 


9 — dreſs meat and drink, ] Dr. Warburton thought the word drizk 
ought to be expunged; but by drink Dame Quickly might have in- 
tended potage and ſoup, of which her maſter may be ſuppoſed to have 
been as fond as the reſt of his countrymen. MaLoNnE, 


4-4 


by 


1 5 
* 


OF WINDSOR. 217 
by gar, it is a ſhallenge: I vill cut his troat in de park; 
and I vill teach a ſcurvy jack-a-nape prieft to meddle or 
make ;—you may be gone; it is not good you tarry here: 
by gar, I vill cut all his two ſtones ; by gar, he ſhall not 
have a ſtone to trow at his dog. [Exit SIMPLEs 

Quick. Alas, he ſpeaks but for his friend. 

Cains. It is no matter-a for dat: do not you tell-a me 
dat I ſhall have Anne Page for myſelf? — by gar, I vill 
kill de Jack prieſt*; and I have appointed mine hoſt of de 
Farterre to meaſure our weapon: — by gar I vill myſelf 
have Anne Page. j | 
Quick. Sir, the maid loves you, and all ſhall be well: 
we muſt give folks leave to prate: What, the good-jer * ! 

Caius, Rugby, come. to the court vit me ;—By gar, 
if IT have not Anne Page, 1 ſhall turn your head out of 
my door: Follow my heels, Rugby. 

| Exeunt Caius and RUGBY. 
Quicł, You ſhall have Ann fool's-head* of your own. 
No, I know Anne's mind for that: never a woman in 
Windſor knows more of Anne's mind than I do; nor can 
do more than I do with her, I thank heaven. 
Fent. [within.] Who's within there, ho? ; 
2uick. Who's there, I trow? Come near the houſe, I 


pray you, = 
Enter FEN TON. 


Fen. How now, good woman; how doſt thou? 


* de Jack prieff;z] Fack in our author's time was a term of con- 
tempt : So, ſaucy Fack, &c. See K. Henry IV. P. I. Act. III. ſe. iii. 
«© The prince is a Fack, a ſneak-cupz” and Much Ado about Nothing, 
Act I. ſc. i. do you play the flouting Jack? MATLONxE. 

s What, the, good jer!] Mrs. Quickly ſcarcely ever pronounces a 
hard word rightly. Good-jer and Good. year were in our author's time 
common corruptions of goujere;z i. e. morbus Gallicus; and in the 
books of that age the word is as often written one way as the other. 

SE Cu MEL Ts | MALON E. 
2 You ſhall have Ann fool's-head—] Mrs. Quickly, I believe, intends 
a quibble between ann, ſounded broad, and one, which was formerly 
ſomtimes pronounced on, or with nearly the ſame ſound, In the 
Scottiſh dialect one is written, and I ſuppoſe pronounced, ane.—In 
1603, was publiſhed (Ane verie excellent and delectable Treatiſe, in- 
titulit Philotus,” &c. MArox x. : 


R Fe Luiel. 


218 MERRY WIVES. 


Puick, The better that it pleaſes your good worſhip 
to aſt. 

Fent. What news? how does pretty miſtreſs Anne? 

Quick. In truth, fir, and ſhe is pretty, and honeſt, and 
gentle ; and'one that is your friend, I can tell you that | 
by the way, I praiſe heaven for it, 

Fent. Shall I do any good, thinkeſt thou ? > Shall I not 
loſe my ſuit ? 
_ _ Dnick, Troth, fir, all is in hands above: but notwith. 
ſtanding, maſter F enton, [I'll be ſworn on a book, ſhe 
loves you :—Have not your worſhip a wart above your eye? 

Fent. Yes, marry, have I; what of that? 

Buick. Well, thereby hangs a tale; — good faith, it is 
ſuch another Nan; — but, I deteft 3, an honeſt maid as ever 
broke bread :—We had an hour's talk of that wart ;—L 


ſhall never laugh but in that maid's company t Bur, 5 — -— 


| deed, ſhe is given too much to allicholly and muſing : 
But, for you— Well, go to. | 

Fent. Well, I ſhall ſee her to-day : Hold, there's mo- 
ney for thee ; let me have thy voice in my behalf: if thou 
ſeeſt her before me, commend me— 

Quick. Will I ? faith, that we will: and I wilk tell 
your worſhip more of the wart, the next time we have 
confidence ; and of other wooers. 

Fent. Well, farewell; J am in great haſte now. [Exit, 

Duick, Farewell to your worſhip, —Truly, an honeſt 
gentleman ; but Anne loves him not ; for I know Anne's 
* as well as another does: Out upon't, what have 1 

0 


rgot? _ | Exit. 


A ST © E NE 1 
| Before Page” s Houſe. 


Enter Miftre/s PaGt, with a letter. 


Mrs. Page. What, have 1 ſcaped love-letters in the 
holy-day time of my beauty, a_ am | now a ſubject for 


| 3 them ? Let me ſee: [ reads. 


Al me no reaſon avhy 7 love you; for things love uſe rea- 


2 . T deteſt, ] She — proteſt. N. ALONE, 5 


915 


OF WINDSOR. 219 
fon for his preciſian, he admits him not for his counſellor * - 


You are not young, no more am J; go to then, there's Him- 
pathy 5 you are merry, ſoa am 1; Ha! ha! then there's 
more ſympathy : you love ſack, and fo do 1; Would you 
defire better jympathy? Let it ſuffice thee, miſtreſs Page, 
(at the leaſt, if the love of a ſoldier can ſuffice, ) that 1 love 
thee. I will not ſay, pity me, lis not a ſoldier-like phraſe; 
but I ſay, love me. By me, | 
"Ip  Thine own true knight, 
By day or night *, 
Or any kind of light, 
ith all his might, 
For thee to fight, John Falſtaff. 


What a Herod of Jewry is this ?>O wicked, wicked 
world !—one that is well-nigh worn to pieces with age, to 
ſhow himſelf a young gallant! What an unweigh'd be- 
haviour ? hath this Flemiſh drunkard pick'd (with the 
devil's name) out of my converſation, that he dares in 
this manner aſſay me? Why, he hath not been thrice in 
my company !—What ſhould I ſay to him ?—I was then 
frugal of my mirth :—heaven forgive me Why Pll ex- 
hibit a bill in the parliament for the putting down of fat 


though love uſe reaſon for his precifian, be admits bim not for his 
counſellor :] By precifian, is meant one who pretends to a more 
than ordinary degree of virtue and ſanctity. On which account they 
gave this name to the puritans of that time. WARBURTON. 

Of this word I do not ſee any meaning that is very appoſite to the 
preſent intention. Perhaps Falſtaff ſaid, Though love uſe reaſon for bis 
phyſician, he admits bim not for bis counſellor, This will be plain ſenſe, 
Aſk not the reaſon of my love; the buſineſs of reaſon is not to aſſiſt love, 
but to cure it. There may however be this meaning in the preſent read- 
ing, Though love; when he would ſubmit to regulation, may uſe reaſon 
as bis preciſion, or director in nice caſes, yet when he is only eager to 
attain his end, he takes not reaſon for bis counſellor. JonnsoN. 

Dr. Johnſon wiſhes to read phyſician; and this conjecture becomes 
almoſt a certainty from a line in our author's 147th ſonnet : 

« My reaſon the phy/ician to my love, &c. FARMER. 

2 Thine own true knight, | : 

By day or night ] This expreſſion, which is ludicrouſly employed by 
Falſtaff, anciently meant, at all times. STEEVENS. 

3 What an unweigh'd bebaviour—] It has been ſuggeſted to me that 
wie ſhould read-=one. STEEVENS. 
men. 


220 MERRY WIVES 
men . How ſhall I be revenged on him? for revenged [ 
will be, as ſure as his guts are made of puddings. 


Enter Miſtreſs Fox b. 


. Mrs. Ford. Miſtreſs Page! truſt me, I was going tc 
your houſe. 

Mrs. Page. And, truſtme, I was coming to you. You 
look very ill. 

Mrs. Ford. Nay, I'll ne 'er believe that; I have to 
ſhow to the contrary © by 

Mrs. Page. Faith, but you do, in my mind. | 

Mrs. Ford, Well, I do then; yet, I ſay, I could ſhow 
you to the contrary: O, miſtreſs Page give me ſome 
counſel ! | 

Mrs. Page. What's the matter, woman? 

Mrs. Ford. O woman, if it were not for one trifling 
reſpe&, I could come to ſuch honour ! 

Mrs. Page. Hang the trifle, woman ; take the honour: 
What is it ?—difpenſe with trifles what! is it? 

Mrs. Ford. If I would but go to hell for an eternal 
moment, or ſo, I could be knighted. 


Bs for the putting down of fat men.] The word 46 which 
ſeems to have been inadvertently omitted in the folio, was reftored by 
Mr. Theobald from the quarto, 'where the correſponding fpeech runs 
thus: * Well, I ſhall truſt far men the worſe, while I m_ —_ his ſake, 
O God; that I knew how to be revenged of him!“ Johnſon, 
however, thinks that the inſertion is unneceſſary, as 8 Mrs, Page 
might naturally enough, in the firſt heat of her anger, rail at the ſex for 
the fault of one.“ But the authority of the original ſketch in quarto, 
and Mrs, Page's frequent mention of the ſize of her lover in the play as it 
now ftands, in my opinion fully warrant the correction that has been 
made. Our author welt knew that bills are brought into partiament 
for ſome purpoſe that at leaſt appears praicable. Mrs, Page therefore 
in her paſſion might exhibit a bill for the putting down or deſtroying 
men of a particular deſcription; but Shakſpeare would never have made 
her threaten to introduce a bill to effect an impoſſi _—y viz. the exter- 
mination of the whole ſpecies, | 

There is no error more frequent at the preſs than the omiſſion of words. 
In a ſheet of this work now before me, there was an out, (as it js termed 
in the printing-houſe,) that is, a paſſage omitted, of no leſs than ten 
lines. In every ſheet ſome words are at firſt omitted. 

The exprefſion, putting —— is a common n phraſe of our municipal 
law. MALONE. 

Mrs, 


oo. 


OF WIND SOR. 221 


Mrs. Page. What? - thou lieſt !—Sir Alice Ford !— 
Theſe knights will hack; and fo thou ſhould'ſt not alter 


the article of thy gentry 5. | 

Mrs. Ford. We burn day-light © :—here, read, read; 
—perceive how I might be knighted. —I ſhall think the 
worſe of fat men, as long as I have an eye to make dif- 
ference of men's liking : And yet he would not ſwear ; 
prais'd women's modeſty: and gave ſuch orderly and 
well-behaved reproof to all uncomelineſs, that I would 
have ſworn his diſpoſition would have gone to the truth of 
his words : but they do no more adhere, and keep place 
together, than the hundredth pſalm to the tune of Green 


S What ?—thou lieft ! Sir Alice Ford !-—Theſe knights, will hack; 
and ſo thou ſpouldſt net alter the article of thy gentry.) It is not impoſſi- 
ble that Shakſpeare meant by—rheſe knight wwill hack—theſe knights 
will ſoon become hackney'd characters. So many knights were made 
about the time this play was amplified (for the paſſage is neither in the 
copy 1602, nor 1619, ) that ſuch a ſtroke of ſatire might not have been 
unjuſtly thrown in. STEEVENS., 

Theſe knights will hack, (that is, become cheap and vulgar,) and 
therefore ſhe adviſes her friend not to ſully her gentry by becoming one. 
The whole of this diſcourſe about knighthood is added fince the firſt 
edition of this play [in 1602]; and therefore I ſuſpect this is an ob- 
lique reflection on the prodigality of James I. in beſtowing theſe ho- 
nourss BLACKSTONE. | 

Sir W. Blackſtone ſuppoſes that the order of Baronets (created in 1611) 
was likewiſe alluded to. I have omitted that part of his note, becauſe 
it appears to me highly probable that our author amplified the play before 


us at an earlier period. See An Attempt to aſcertain the order of Shak- 


ſpeare's plays, ante, Article, Merry Wives of Windſor. 

Between the time of King James's arrival at Berwick in April 1603, 
and the 24 of May, he made two hundred and thirty-ſeven knights; 
and in the July following between three and four hundred. It is pro- 
bable that the play before us was enlarged in that or the ſubſequent 
year, when this ſtroke of ſatire muſt have been highly reliſhed by the 


Audience. 


By “ theſe knights will hack” may have been meant, — Theſe 
unworthy knights of the preſent day will be degraded by having their 
ſpurs hack'd off; the puniſhment (as Dr. Johnſon has obſerved) of a 
recreant or undeſerving knight. Maron. 

0 We burn day-light ] i. e. we are waſting time in idle talk, when 
we ought to read the letter; reſembling thoſe, who waſte candles by 
burning them in the day-time. So, in Romeo and Fuliet (the quotation 
is Mr, Steevens's) : 

« We waſte our lights in vain, like Amps by gay.” MATLONE. 
„ FSleeves 


—— —— — 


8 MERRY WIVES 

Sleeves 7. What tempeſt, I trow, threw this whale, with 

ſo many tuns of oil in his belly, aſhore at Windſor ? How 

ſhall I be revenged on him? IT think, the beſt way were 

to entertain him with hope, till the wicked fire of luſt 

have melted him in his own greaſe.—Did you ever hear 
the like ? | eg 

Mrs. Page. Letter for letter; but that the name of 
Page and Ford differs To thy great comfort in this 
myſtery of ill opinions, here's the twin-brother of thy 
letter: but let thine inherit firſt ; for, I proteſt, mine 
never ſhall. I warrant, he hath a thouſand of theſe let- 
ters, writ with blank ſpace for different names, (ſure 
more,) and theſe are of the ſecond edition: He will print 
them out of doubt ; for he cares not what he puts into the 
preſs, when he would put us two. I had rather be a 

gianteſs, and lie under mount Pelion. Well, I will find 
you twenty laſcivious turtles, ere one chaſte man. 

Mrs. Ford. Why, this is the very ſame; the very hand, 
the very words : What doth he think of us ? 

Mrs. Page. Nay, I know not : It makes, me almoſt rea- 
dy to wrangle with mine own honeſty. I'll entertain 
myſelf like one that I am not acquainted withal ; for, 
ſure, unleſs he know ſome ſtrain in me?, that I know not 
myſelf, he would never have boarded me in this fury. 

Mrs. Ford. Boarding, call you it ; I'll be ſure to keep 
him above deck. 1 F : 
Mrs. Page. So will I; if he come under my hatches, 
P11 never to ſea again. Let's be revenged on him: let's 


7 — Green Sleeves.) A popular old ballad, that had appeared about 
twenty years before this play was written. MALoNE. 

From a paſſage in the Loyal Subject, by B. and Fletcher, it ſhould 
ſeem that this old ballad was a wanton ditty: STEEVENS. 

8 — preſs, ] Preſs is uſed ambiguouſly, for a preſs to print, and a 
preſs to ſqueeze. JoHns0N. ; 

9 — ſome ftrain in me,] Thus the old copies. The modern editors 
read, “ ſome ſtain in me, but, I think, unneceſſarily, A fimilar ex- 
pre ſſion occurs in the The Winter's Tale: N 

& With what encounter ſo nncurrent have I 
6 Strain d, to appear thus?“ 
And again, in Timon: 
cc a noble nature | 
4 May catch a wrench.” STEEVENS. 


appoint 


OF WINDSOR. 8 
appoint him a meeting; give him a ſhow of comfort in 
his ſuit z and lead him on with a fine-baited delay, till 
he hath pawn'd his horſes to mine Hoſt of the Garter. 

Mrs. Ford. Nay, I will conſent to act any villainy 
againſt him, that may not ſully the charineſs of our ho- 
neſty*. O, that my huſband ſaw this letter“! it would 
give eternal food to his jealouſy. | 

Mrs. Page. Why, look, where he comes; and my good 
man too: he's as far from jealouſy, as I am from giving 
him cauſe ; and that, I hope, is an unmeaſurable diſtance. 

Mrs. Ford. You are the happier woman. 

Mrs. Page. Let's conſult together againft this greaſy 
knight: Come hither. ; [ they retire. 

| Enter Fox D, Pisrol, PAGE, and Nx Mu. 
Ford. Well, I hope, it be not ſo. 
Pi. Hope is a curtail dog * in ſome affairs: 
Sir John affects thy wife. 

Ford. Why, Sir, my wife is not young. 

Pi. He wooes both high and low, both rich and poor“, 
Both young and old, one with another, Ford; 
He loves thy gally-mawfry * ; Ford, perpend 5. 

Ford. Love my wife? | | 
| Ry Pit. 


1 — the charineſs of our bonefty.] i. e. the caution which ought to 


attend on it. STEEVENS. 


2 O, that my huſband ſaw this letter I] Surely Mrs. Ford does not 
wiſh to excite the jealouly, of which ſhe complains. I think we ſhould 
read—O, if my huſband &c. and thus the copy, 1619 : 

& Oh lord, if my huſband ſhould ſee the letter ! faith, this would even 
give edge to his jealoufie.” STEEVENS. _ 

3 —curtail-dog—] That is, a dog of ſmall value; what we now 


call a car. Mar one. 


both bigh and low, both rich and poor, ] See Pſalm 49. v. 2. GREY. 
4 8 3] i. e. a medley. So, in the Winter's Tale: 
&© They have a dance, which the wenches ſay is a gallimatofry of 

gambols.“ Thus, in A Woman never vex d, 1632: 
Let us ſhow ourſelves gallants or galli- mau fries. STEEVENS. 
The firſt folio has—the gallymaufry. Thy was introduced by the 
editor of the ſecond. The gallymawfry may be right: He loves a med- 
ley; all ſorts of women, high and low &c. Ford's reply, © Love my 
wite!“ may refer to what Piſtol had ſaid before: «+ Sir John affects thy 
wife.“ Ty gallymawiry ſounds however more like Piſtol's language 
; : than 


224 ME RRV WIVES 

Pit. With liver burning hot: Prevent, or go thou, 
Like Sir Actæon he, with Ring-wood at thy heels :— 
O, odious 1s the name ! | # | 

Ford. What name, Sir? | 

Pift. The horn, I fay: Farewell. | 
Take heed ; have open eye; for thieves do foot by night: 
Take heed, ere ſummer comes, or cuckoo-birds do fing.— 
Away, fir corporal Nym.— | 
Believe it, Page; he ſpeaks ſenſe”. [Exit PIs rot. 

Ford. I will be patient; I will find out this. 

Nym. And this is true; [ro Page.] I like not the hu. 
mour of lying. He hath wrong'd me in ſome humours : 
I ſhould have borne the humour'd letter to her ; but I have 
a ſword, and it ſhall bite upon my neceflity * He loves 
your wife; there's the ſhort and the long. My name is 
corporal Nym ; I ſpeak, and I avouch. Tis true :— 
my name is Nym, and Falſtaff loves your wife.—Adieu ! 
I love not the humour of bread and cheeſe ; and there's 
the humour of it. Adieu. | [Exit Ny u. 


than the other ; and therefore I have followed the modern editors in 
preferring it. MaLoNne. 

5 Ford, perpend.] This is perhaps a ridicule on a paſſage in the old 
comedy of Camby ſes : | | 

| «© My ſapient words, I ſay, perpend.” 

Again: „My queen, perpend what I pronounce.” 
Shakſpeare has put the ſame word into the mouth of Polonius. Sr EEx. 

7 Believe it, Page; be ſpeaks ſenſe.] Dr. Johnſon thought that 
the preceding word, Nym”, was only a deſignation of the ſpeaker, and 
that theſe words belonged to him. Mr. Steevens's note ſhews that he 
was miſtaken, Dr. Farmer would read—Believe it Page, he ſpeaks ; 
i. e. Page, believes what he ſays. Maroxe. 

Ford and Piſtol, Page and Nym, enter in pairs, each pair in ſeparate 
- converfation ; and while Piſtol is informing Ford of Falſtaff's deſign upon 
his wife, Nym is, during that time, talking afide to Page, and giving 
information of the like plot againſt him. When Piſtol has finiſhed, he 
calls out to Nym to come away ; but ſeeing that he and Page are ill 
in cloſe debate, he goes off alone, firſt aſſuring Page, he may depend on 
the truth of Nym's ſtory. Believe it, Page. Nym then proceeds to 
tell the remainder of his tale out aloud. And this is true &c. STEE 

8 I bave a ſword, and it ſhall bite upon my neceſſity.] Nym, to gain 
credit, ſays, that he is above the mean office of carrying love- letters; 
be has nobler means of living; be bas a ſavord, and upon bis neceſſity, 
that is, when hit need drives him to unlawful expedients, his ſword ſhall 
bite, JOHNSON» | . | 7 8 


# Page. 


OF VINDS OR. 225 
Page. The humour of itꝰ, quoth a! here's a fellow 


frights humour out of his wits. 
Ford. I will ſeek out Falſtaff. ” 
Page. I never heard ſuch a drawling, affecting rogue. 
Ford. If J do find it, well. | 
Page. I will not believe ſuch a Cataian *, though the 
prieſt o* the town commended him for a true man. 


9 The humour of it,] The following epigram, taken from an old col- 
lection without date, but apparently printed before the year 1600, will 
beſt account for Nym's frequent repetition of the word humour. Epig. 27. 

Aſke Humors what a feather he doth weare, | 
It is his humour (by the Lord) he'll ſweare ; 

Or what he doth with ſuch a horſe-taile locke, 
Or why upon a whore he ſpends his ſtocke,— 

He hath a humour doth determine fo : 

Why in the ſtop-throte faſhion he doth gae, 

With ſcarfe about his necke, hat without band, 
It is his humour, Sweet fir, underſtand, 

What cauſe his purſe is ſo extreame diſtreſt 

That oftentimes is ſcarcely penny-bleſt ; 

Only a humour. If you queſtion, why 

His tongue is ne er unfurniſh'd with a lye, 

It is his Humour too he doth proteſt : 

Or why with ſerjeants he is ſo oppreſt, 

That like to ghoſts they haunt him ev'rie day; 

A raſcal humour doth not love to pay. 

Obje& why bootes and ſpurres are {till in ſeaſon, 
His bumour anfwers, bumour is his reaſon. 

If you perceive his wits in wetting ſhrunke, 

It cometh of a humour to be drunke. 
When you behold his lookes pale, thin, and poore, 
The occaſion is, his Humour and a whoore : 
Andevery thing that he doth undertake, 

It is a veine, for ſenceleſs bumour's ſake. STEEVENS»s 

T T evill not believe ſuch a Cataian, ] A Cataian (from Cataia or 
Cathay, the ancient name of China) ſeems to have been a cant term of 
reproach in our author's time, denoting a ſharper. Mr, Theobald 
thinks it meant a boaſter; Dr. Warburton a liar, “from thoſe who told 
incredible wonders of this new-diſcovered empire: Dr. Johnſon's ex- 

planation is,.“ This fellow hath ſuch an odd appearance, is ſo unlike 
a man civilized and taught the duties of life, that I cannot credit him 
on any teſtimony of his veracity.— To be a foreigner (he adds) was al- 
ways in England, and I ſuppoſe every where elſe, a reaſon of diſlike.” = 
Mr. Steevens, with more probability, ſuppoſes it to mean a thief; 
the Chineſe, (anciently called Cataians) being faid to be the moſt 
dextrous of all the nimble-fingered tribe.” MaLone. 


YOU». & „ | Ford. 


- 


226 MERRY WIVES 
Ford. Twas a good ſenſible fellow *: Well: 
Page. How now, Meg ? | 
Mrs. Page. Whither go you, George ?—Hark you. 
Mrs. Ford. How now, ſweet Frank? why art thou me- 
lancholy ? „ 5 | 
Ford. I melancholy ! I am not melancholy.—Get you 
home, go. N | 
Mrs. Ford. *Faith, thou haſt ſome crotchets in thy head 
now.—Will you go, miſtreſs Page? 
Mrs. Page. Have with you.— You'll come to dinner, 
George ?—Look, who comes yonder : ſhe ſhall be our 
meſſenger to this paltry knight. [Alide to Mrs. Ford, 


Enter Miſtreſs QUickLY. 


A 


Mrs. Ford, Truſt me, I thought on her: ſhe*ll fit it. 

Mrs. Page. You are come to ſee my daughter Anne ? 

Puick. Ay, forſooth; And, I pray, how does good mi- 
ſtreſs Anne? 0 5 | 

Mrs. Page. Go in with us, and ſee; we have an hour's 
talk with you. | | 

[ Exeunt Mrs. Page, Mrs. Ford, and Mrs. Quickly. 
Page. How now, maſter Ford ? | 
Ford. You heard what this knave told me; did you 


not ? | 
Page. Yes; And you heard what the other told me ? 
Ford. Do you think there is truth in them? 
Page. Hang. *em, flaves! I do not think rhe knight 
would offer it : but theſe that accuſe him in his intent 
towards our wives, are a yoke of his diſcarded men; very 
rogues, now they be out of ſervice 3. 
Ford. Were they his men ? 
Page. Marry, were they. 
Ford. I like it never the better for that. Does he lic 
at the Garter ? | | | | 


2 *Tavas a good ſenſible fellow :] This, and the two preceding ſpeeches 
of Ford, are ſpoken to himſelf, and have no connection with the ſenti- 
ments.of Page, who is likewiſe making his comment on what had paſſed, 
without attention to Ford. SrEEVENS. 

Very rogues, now they be out of ſervice.] A rogue is a wanderer or 
wagabond, and, in its conſequential ſignification, a cheat. JoHNs0Ns 


Page. 


| OF WINDSOR. 227 

Page. Ay, marry, does he. If he ſhould intend this 
voyage toward my wife, I would turn her looſe to him ; 
and what he gets more of her than ſharp words, let it lie 
on my head. 

Ford. I do not miſdoubt my wife; but I would be loth 
to turn them together: A man may be too confident : 1 
would have nothing lie on my head +: I cannot be thus 
ſatisfied. | | | 

Page. Look, where my ranting hoſt of the Garter 
comes: there is either liquor in his pate, or money in 
= 8 when he looks ſo merrily.— How, now, mine 

” | 
Enter Hoſt, and SHALLOW, 

Hg. How, now, bully-rook ? thou'rt a gentleman ; 
cayalero-juſtice, I ſay. - | | 
$hal. I follow, mine hoſt, I follow. —Good even, and 

twenty, good maſter Page! Maſter Page, will you go 

with us? we have ſport in hand. 

Hoff. Tell him, cavalero-juſtice ; tell him, bully-rook ? 

Shal. Sir, there is a fray to be fought, between fir Hugh 
the Welch prieft, and Caius the French doctor. 

Ford. Good mine hoſt o' the Garter, a word with you. 

Hot. What ſay'ſt thou, bully-rook? [They go affde. 

Spal. Will you [to Page] go with us to behold it? My 
merry hoſt hath had the meaſuring of their weapons ; and, 
I think, hath appointed them contrary places: for, be- 
lieve me, I hear, the parſon 1s no jeſter. Hark, Iwill 
tell you what our ſport ſhall be. | | 

Hof. Haſt thou no ſuit againſt my knight, my gueſt- 
_ cavalier? | 

Ford. None, I proteſt: but I'll give you a pottle of 
burnt ſack to give me recourſe to him, and tell him, my 
name 1s Brook 5 ; only for a jeſt. Ge | 

He. My hand, bully : thou ſhalt have egreſs and re- 


4+ Iwould have nothing lie on my head :] Here ſeems to be an alluſion 
to Shakſpeare's favourite topic, the cuckold's horns, Maron. 

3 ——and tell bim, my name is Brook ;] The folio reads—Broom. The 
true name was recovered from the quarto by Mr. Theobald. MAL ONE. 


Q 2 greſs; 


228 MERRY WIVES 
greſs ; ſaid I well? and thy name ſhall be Brook: It is a 
merry knight.— Will you go an-heirs* ? 
S hal. Have with you, mine hoſt. A 

Page. I have heard, the Frenchman hath good ſkill in 
his rapier 7. | _ 5 

Shal. Tut, fir, I could have told you more: In theſe 
times you ſtand on diſtance, your paſſes, ſtoccados, and I 
know not what: tis the heart, maſter Page; *tis here, 
*tis here. I have ſeen the time, with my long ſword s, I 

| would 


Vill you go an-heirs ?] There can be no doubt that this paſſage is 
corrupt. "rt I we ſhould read. Will you go and hear us? So, in the 
next page I had rather hear them ſcold than fight.” M ALONE. 

The merry. Hoſt has already ſaluted them ſeparately by titles of di- 
ſtinction; he therefore probably now addreſſes them collectively by a 
general one Will you go on, heroes? or, as probably ill you go n, 
hearts ? He calls Dr. Caius Heart of Elder ; and adds, in a . 
ſcene of this play, Farewell, my hearts. STEEVENS. 

Ein bis rapier.] In the old quarto here follow theſe words: 

Shal. I tell you what, maſter Page; I believe the doctor is no jeſter; 
he*ll lay it one [on]; for 2 we be juſtices and doctors and 
churchmen, yet we are the ſons of women, maſter Page. 8 

Page. True, maſter Shallow. 

Sbal. It will be found ſo, maſter Page. 

Page. Maſter Shallow, you yourſelf have been a great fighter, though. 
Row a man of peace. | | 

Part of this dialogue is found afterwards in the third ſcene of the pre- 
ſent act; but it ſeems more proper here, to introduce what Shallow ſays 
of the proweſs of his youth. MALONE. | TY 

8 .- my long ſword,] Before the introduction of rapiers, the ſwords 
in uſe were of an enormous length, and ſometimes raiſed with both 
hands. Shallow, with an old man's vanity, cenſures the innovation by 
which lighter weapons were introduced, tells what he could once have 
done with his long ſword, and ridicules the ternis and rules of the ra- 
pier. JOHNSON. 

Dr. Ihaten's explanation of the long ſavord is certainly right; for 
the. early quarto reads - my two-band (word ; ſo that they appear to 
have been ſynonymous. 

Carleton, in his Thankful Remembrance of Ged's Mercy, 1625, ſpeak- 
ing of the treachery of one Rowland York, in betraying the town of 
Deventer to the Spaniards in 1587, ſays; “ he was a Londoner, famous 
among the Cutters in his time, for bringing in a new kind of fight, — to 
run the point of a »apier into a man's body. This manner of fight he 
brought ft into England, with great admiration of his — - 
, ; | waen 


OF WINDSOR. 229 8 
would have made you four tall fellows 9 ſkip li 
rats. | 
Hot. Here, boys, here, here! ſhall we wag ? 
Page. Have with you :;—I had rather hear them ſcold 
than fight. [ Exeunt Hoſt, SHALLOW, and Pa E. 
Ford. Though Page be a ſecure fool, and ſtands ſo firm- 
ly on his wife's frailty *, yet I cannot put off my opinion 
ſo eafily : She was in his company at Page's houſe; and, 
what they made there“, I know not. Well, I will look 
further into't: and I have a diſguiſe to ſound Falſtaff : If 
I find her honeft, I loſe not my labour ; if ſhe be other- 
wiſe, *tis labour well beſtow'd. [Exit 


SS ENT N. 
A Room in the Garter Inn. 


Enter FALSTAFF and PIs Tol. 


Fal. Iwill not lend thee a penny. 
Piſt. Why, then the world's mine oyſter 3, which 1 
| with 


when in England before that time, the uſe was, with little bucklers, 
and with broad ſwords, to ſtrike, and not to thruſt; and it was account- 
ed unmanly to ſtrike under the girdle.” | 
The Continuator of Stowe's Annals, p. 1024, edit. 1631, ſuppoſes 
the rapier to have been introduced ſomewhat ſooner, viz. about the 2oth 
year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, [1578] at which time, he ſays, 
Sword and Bucklers began to be diſuſed. Shakſpeare has here been guilty 
of a great, anachroniſm in making Shallow ridicule the terms of the ra- 
pier in the time of Henry IV. an hundred and ſeventy years before jt 
was uſed in England. MALON E. | 
9 — tall fellows] A tall fellow, in the time of our author, meant 
a ſtout, bold, or courageous perſon, The elder quarto reads tall 
fencers. STEEVENSs | | 
1 — and ftands ſo firmly on his wife's frailty, ] i. e. bas ſuch perfect 
confidence in his unchaſte wife. His wife's frailty is the ſame as—his 
frail wife. So, in Antony and Cleopatra, we meet with death and 
honour, for an bonourable death. MALONE. 
Jo tand on any thing, ſignifies to inſiſt on it. Ford ſuppoſes Page to 
inſiſt on that virtue as ſteady, which he ſuppoſes to be without foun- 
dation, STEEVENS | | 
Z — and whkat they made there,] An obſolete phraſe fignifying==what 
they did there. MATLONE. 
3 the world's mine oyſter, &c. ] Dr. Grey ſuppoſes Shakſpeare to 
5 9 . | - allude 


* 


230 MERRY WEVES 
with ſword will open.—I will retort the ſum in equi- 
Page “. | 15 

Fal. Not a penny. I have been content, fir, you ſhould 
lay my countenance to pawn: I have grated upon my 
.good friends for three reprieves for you and your coach- 
fellow, Nym 53; or elſe you had look'd through the grate, 
like a geminy of baboons. I am damn'd in hell, for 
ſwearing to gentlemen my friends, you were good ſoldiefs, 
and tall fellows “: and when miſtreſs Bridget loſt the 
handle of her fan 7, I took*t upon mine honour, thou hadſt 
-It not. | | 5 
Pi. Didſt not thou ſhare? hadſt thou not fifteen 
pence ? 

Fal. Reaſon, you rogue, reaſon: Think'ſt thou, Tl! 

| Y 7 5 endanger 


allude to an old preverb, « The mayor of Northampton opens oy/ly; 
with his dagger.” i. e. to keep them at a ſufficient diſtance from his 
noſe, that town being fourſcore miles from the ſea. . STEEVENS. 

4 — T will retort the ſum in equipage.] This is added from the old 
quarto of 1619, and means, I will pay you again in ſtolen goods. Warn. 

I rather believe he means, that he will pay him by waiting on him 
for nothing. That equipage ever meant ftolen goods, I am yet to learn, 

| S 1 STEEVENS. 

Dr. Warburton may be right ; for I find eguipage was one of the cant 
words of the time. In Davies' Papers Complaint, (a poem which has 
erroneouſly been aſcribed to Donne) we have ſeveral of them : 

6 Embelliſh, blandiſhment, and eguipage.” Which words, he tells 
us in the margin, overmuch ſawour of witleſſe affectation. FARMER. 

S — your coach-fellow, Nym ;] i. e. he, who draws along with you; 
who is joined with you in all your knavery. So before, Page, ſpeaking 
of Nym and Piſtol, calls them a © yoke of Falſtaff's diſcarded men.“ 
The word (as Mr. Steevens has obſerved) is uſed by Chapman in his 
Tranſlation of the Hiad. MALON R. e 

5 — and tall fellows :] See p. 229, n. 9; and p. 214, n. 4. MAL ONE. 

7 a off the handle of ber fan,] It ſhould be remembered, that fans, 
in our author's time, were more coſtly than they are at preſent, as well 
as of a different conſtruction. They conſiſted of oftrich feathers, (or 
others of equal length and flexibility,) which were ſtuck into handles. 
The richer ſort of theſe were compoſed of gold, filver, or ivory of curious 
workmanſhip. In the frontiſpiece to a play, called Engliſhmen” for my 
Money, or A pleaſant Comedy of a Woman will have her Will, 1616, 1s 
a portrait of a lady with one of theſe fans, which, after all, may prove 
the beſt commentary on the paſſage. The three other ſpecimens are 
taken from the Habiti Antichi et Moderni di tutto il Mondo, . | 


OF WINDSOR. 231 
endanger my ſoul gratis? At a word, hang no more 
about me, I am no gibbet for you :—go.—A ſhort knife 
and a throng * ;—to your manor of Pickt-hatch ?, _ 

| 55 ou” 


at Venice, 1598, from the drawings of Titian, and Ceſare Vecelli, his 
brother. This faſhion was perhaps imported from Italy, together with 
many others, in the reign of king Henry VIII, if not in that of king 
Richard II, 8 


\ 


| | STEEVENS. 
; It appears from Marſton's Satires, that the ſum of 4ol. was ſome- 
times given for a fan in the time of queen Elizabeth. Marone. 
In the Sidney papers, publiſhed by Collins, a fan is preſented to queen 
Elizabeth for a new year's gift, the handle of which was ſtudded with 
diamonds. T. WARToN, | 
5 A ſhort knife and a throng :] So Lear: © — when cut-purſes 
come not to throngs.” WARBURTON. _ | 
Mr. Dennis reads—thong ; which has been followed, I think, im- 
properly, by ſome of the modern editors. MALONE. | 
T Pickt-batch,] Pitt bateb was in Turnbull-freet. 
% Your whore doth live | 
« In Pict-hatch, Turnbull-ftreet.” 
Amends for Ladies, a comedy by N. Field, 1639. 
Q4 a Th 


2 


232 MERRY WIVES 
You'll not bear a letter for me, you rogue you ſtand 
upon your honour!— Why, thou unconfinable baſeneſs, 
it is as much as I can do, to keep the terms of my ho- 
nour preciſe. I, I, I myſelf ſometimes, leaving the fear 
of heaven on the left hand, and hiding mine honour in 
my neceſſity, am fain to ſhuffle, to hedge, and to lurch; 
and yet you, rogue, will enſconce your rags *, your cat- 

a-mountain looks, your red-lattice phraſes ?, and your 
bold-beating oaths, under the ſhelter of your honour ! 
You will not do it, you? 1 

Pift. I do relent; What would*ſ thou more of man ? 

8 Enter Ronin, | 
Rob. Sir, here's a woman would ſpeak with you. 
Fal. Let her approach. 


The derivation of the word may perhaps be diſcovered from the fol. 
lowing paſlage in Cupid's Whirligig : „ Set ſome pickes upon your 
batch, and I pray, profeſs to keep a bawdy-houſe,” Perhaps the un- 
ſeaſonable and obſtreperous irruptions of the gallants of that age might 
render ſuch a precaution neceſſary. STEEVENS:« 

This was a cant name of ſome part of the town noted for bawdy- 
houſes. Sir T. "Hanmer ſays, that this was « a noted harbour tor 
thieves and pickpockets,” who certainly were proper companions for a 
man of Piſtol's profeſſion. But Falſtaff here more immediately means 
to ridicule another of his friend's vices; and there is fome humour in 
calling Piſtol's favourite brothel, his manor of Pickt- batch. 

T. WAR TONe 

T enſconce your rags, c.] A ſconce is a petty fortification, To 
enſconce, therefore, is to protect as with a fort. The word occurs again 
in X. Henry IV, Part I. STzzvens. | 

2 — red-lattice pbraſes, ] Your ale-houſe converſation. JoxNnsoN. 

Red lattice at the doors and windows were formerly the external de- 
notements of an ale-houfe. Hence the prefent cheguers. Perhaps the 
reader will expreſs ſome ſurprize, when he is told that ſhops, with the 
ſign of the chequers, were common among the Romans. See a view of 
the left-hand ftreet of Pompeii, (No. 9) prefented by Sir William Ha- 
milton (together with ſeveral others, equally curious,) to the Antiquary 
Society. STEEVENS, | | 
The following paſſage in Braithwaite's Strapado for the Divell, 161 5, 
confirms Mr. Steevens's obſervation.— “ To the true difcoverer of 
ſecrets, Monſieur Bacchus, - Maſter- gunner of the porr/e-pot ordnance, 
—prime-founder of red [attices &c.“ ey | 

In King Henry IV. P. II. Falſtaff's page, ſpeaking of Bardolph, ſays, 
« he called me even now, my Lord, through a red lattice, and I could 
fee no part of his face from the window.“ Raron. | F 
f | | Fog | Euler 


<> 


OF WINDSOR = 
Enter Miftre/ſs Qu1ckLy. WS 
9uick. Give your worſhip good-morrow. 


Fal. Good-morrow, good wife. 

2uick. Not fo, an't pleaſe your worſhip. 

Fal. Good maid, then. | 

Gn I'll be ſworn; as my mother was, the firſt hour T 
was born. 

Fal. I do believe the ſwearer: What with me? 

Quich. Shall I vouchſafe your worſhip a word or two? 

Fal. Two thouſand, fair woman ; and I'll vouchſafe 
thee the hearing. | | 

92uick. There is one miſtreſs Ford, fir ;—I pray, come 
a little nearer this ways :—I myſelf dwell with maſter 
doctor Caius. | 
Fal. Well, on: Miſtreſs Ford, you ſay,— 

Quick. Your worſhip ſays very true: I pray your wor- 
ſhip, come a little nearer this ways. | 

Fal. I warrant thee, nobody hears ;—mine own people, 
mine own people. | 

Quick. Are they ſo? Heaven bleſs them, and make 

them his ſervants ! 
Fial. Well: miſtreſs Ford ;—what of her? 

Quict. Why, ſir, ſhe's a good creature. Lord, lord ! 
your worſhip's a wanton : Well, heaven forgive you, and 
all of us, I pray | 

Fal. Miſtreſs Ford ;—come, miſtreſs Ford, — . 

Quick. Marry, this is the ſhort and the long of it; you 
have brought her into ſuch a canarzes 3, as tis wonderful. 
The beſt courtier of them all, when the court lay at 
Windfor !, could never have brought her to ſuch a canary. 
Yet there has been knights, and lords, and gentlemen, 
with their coaches; I warrant you, coach after coach, 


3 == canaries,] This is the name of a briſk light dance, and is there- 
fore properly enough uſed in low language for any hurry or pertur- 
\ bation. Jonns0N. 4 | 

It is highly probable, however, that canaries is only a miſtake of 
Mrs. Quickly's for quandariet; and yet the Clown, in As you like it, 


ſays, „ we that are true lovers run into ſtrange capers.” STEEVENS. 


| 4 lay at Windſor,] i. e. reſided there. MALONEs 
| | letter 


234 MERRY WIVES 


letter after letter, gift after gift ; ſmelling ſo ſweetly, 
(all muſk,) and fo ruſhling, 1 warrant you, in filk and 
gold; and in ſuch alligant terms; and in ſuch wine and 
ſugar of the beſt, and the faireſt, that would have won. 
any woman's heart ; and, I warrant you, they could never 
get an eye-wink of her.—I had myſelf twenty angels 
given me this morning : but I defy all angels, (in an 
ſuch ſort, as they ſay,) but in the way of honeſty :—and, 
warrant you, they could never get her ſo much as ſip on 
a cup with the proudeſt of them all: and yet there has 
been earls, nay, which is more, penſioners 5 ; but, I war- 
rant you, all 1s one with her. 5 
Fal. But what ſays ſhe to me? be brief, my good ſhe 
Mercury. | . 

Quick. Marry, ſhe hath receiv'd your letter; for the 
which ſhe thanks you a thouſand times: and ſhe gives 
you to notify, that her huſband will be abſence from his 

ouſe between ten and eleven, 
Fal. Ten and eleven. | . 
Quick. Ay, forſooth; and then you may come and ſee 
the picture, ſhe ſays, that you wot of ; - maſter Ford, 
her huſband, will be from home. Alas! the ſweet wo- 


- 


5 — earls, nay, which is more, penſioners ;] i. e. Gentlemen of the 
band of Penfioners.—< In the month of December,” [ 1539] ſays Stowe, 
Annals, p. 973, edit. 1605, were appointed to waite on the king's per- 
fon fifty Gentlemen, called Penſioners, or Speares, like as they were in 
the firſt yeare of the king; unto whom was aſſigned the ſumme of fiftie 
pounds, yerely, for the maintenance of themſelves, and everie man two 
Horſes, or one horſe and a gelding of ſervice.” Their dreſs was remark- 
ably ſplendid, and therefore likely to attract the notice of Mrs. Quickly. 
Hence, in A Midſummer Night's Dream, our author has ſelected from 
all the tribes of flowers the gol/den-coated cowſlips to be penſioners to the 
Fairy Queen: | W 
. „The cowſlips tall her penſioners be, 

6 In their geld coats ſpots you fee 3 &c.“ Maroxes. 
 'mwecarts, nay, which is more, penſioners Jl This may be illuſtrated 
by a paſſage in Gervaſe Holles's Life of the Firſt Earl of Clare. Big. 
Brit, Art. Hol LES. I have heard the earl of Clare ſay, that when 

"he was penſioner to the queen, he did not know a worſe man of the whole 
band than himſelf; -and that all the world knew he had then an inherit- 
ance of 4oool: a year. TyrxwHITT. : | 

© — you wot of z] To wot is to know. Obſolete, STEEVYEXSõ. 


OF WI NDS O. 235 
man leads an ill life with him; he's a very jealouſy man; 
ſhe leads a very frampold 7 life with him, good heart. 
Fal. Ten and eleven: woman, commend me to her; 
I will not fail her. | 
Duick. Why you ſay well: But I have another meſſenger 
to your worſhip : Miſtreſs Page hath her hearty commen- 
dations to you too;—and let me tell you in your ear, ſhe's 
as fartuous a civil modeſt wife, and one (I tell you) that 
will not miſs you morning or evening prayer, as any 1s in 
Windſor, whoe'er be the other: and ſhe bade me tell 
your worſhip, that her huſband is ſeldom from home; 
but, ſhe hopes, there will come a time. I never knew a 
woman fo dote upon a man; ſurely, I think you have 
charms, la; yes, in truth. 5 | 
Fal. Not I, I aſſure thee ; ſetting the attraction of my 
good parts afide, I have no other charms. - 
 Duick. Bleſſing on your heart for*t ! 
Fal. But, I pray thee, tell me this; has Ford's wife, 
and Page's wife, acquainted each other how they love me? 
Duick. That were a jeſt, indeed ;—they have not fo 
little grace, I hope: that were a trick, indeed! But miſ- 
treſs Page would deſire you to ſend her your little page, 
of all loves*; her huſband has a marvellous infection to 
the little page: and, truly, maſter Page is an honeſt man. 
Never a wife in Windſor leads a better life than ſhe does; 
do what ſhe will, ſay what ſhe will, take all, pay all, go 
to bed when ſhe lift, riſe -when-ſhe lift, all is as ſhe will ; 
and, truly, ſhe deſerves it; for if there be a kind woman 
in Windſor, ſhe is one. You muſt ſend her your page; 
no remedy. | | : | 


7 — frampold—)] This word I have never ſeen elſewhere, except in 
Dr. Hacket's Life of Archbiſhop Williams, where a frampul man ſig- 
nifies a peeviſh troubleſome fellow. JonNSOx. 

Ray, among his S,uth and Eaft country words, ſays, that frampald, 
or frampard, ſignifies fret ful, peeviſp, croſs, frowards As froward 
(he adds) comes from from, ſo may 7 STEEVENS. 

5 8 to ſend her your little page, of all loves :] Of all loves, is an ad- 
juration only, and fignifies no more, than if ſhe had ſaid, deſires you 
to ſend him by all means, It is uſed in Decker's Honeft Whore, Part I. 
1635 t—&« conjuring his wife, of all loves, to prepare cheer fitting,” 
Kc. Again, in Holinſhed's Chronicle, p. 1164. STEEVENS. | 


Fal. 


NIN 


236 MERRY WIVES 


Fal. Why, I will. DD. | | | 
Buick, Nay, but do ſo then: and, look you, he may 
come and $0 between you both; and, in any caſe, have 
A nay-word?, that you may know one another's mind, 
and the boy never need to underſtand any thing; for tis 
not good that children ſhould know any wickedneſs : old 
folks, you know, have diſcretion, as they ſay, and know 
the world. - 1 
Fal. Fare thee well: commend me to them both: there's 
my purſe ; I am yet thy debtor.— Boy, go along with this 
woman.—'This news diſtracts me! — 
2 1 IEreunt Quick Lx and Rog Ix. 
Pift. This punk is one of Cupid's carriers* :— 
Clap on more tails ; purſue, up with your fights * ; 
Gave fire; ſhe is my prize, or ocean whelm them all! 
| [Exit PisSTOL. 
Fal. Say'ſt thou ſo, old Jack? go thy ways; I'll make 
more of thy old body than I have done. Will they yet 
Jook after thee ? Walt thou, after the expence of ſo much 
money, be now a gainer? Good body, I thank thee: 
Let them ſay, tis groſsly done; ſo it be fairly done, no 
Enter Ba R DOLPH, | 
Bard. Sir John, there's one maſter Brook below would 
fain ſpeak with you, and be acquainted with you ; and 


9 — A nay-word, | i. e. a wwatch-wword. So, in a ſubſequent ſcene : 
4 We have a nay- word to know one another, &c,” STEEVINS. 

T This punk is one of Cupid's carriers :] Dr. Warburton's emen- 
dation, This pink &c.“ is plauſible. A pink is a veſſel whoſe form 
may be ſuppoſed to bear ſome reſemblance to that of Mrs. Quickly; 
the bends and ribs compaſſing ſo that its ſides bulge out very 
much, by which means it is enabled to carry greater burdens. 

They are often uſed (according to Chambers) as Pore-ſbips. But 
there is no need of alteration. It is always dangerous to meddle 
with Piſtol's language. The alluſion to the marine is ſufficiently pre- 
ſerved by the word carrier, which is technical. This punk is one of 
thoſe weſſels which Cupid employs in the carrying trade. Clap on more 
fails, &c. Marons. | : 

2 —up with your fights ;] Fights, are cloaths hung round the ſhip to 
conceal the men from the enemy; and cloſeyfights are bull - beads, or 
any other ſhelter that the fabrick of a ſhip affords, Ion xSON. 5 

| : 5 | a 


6 _ OF WINDSOR 22 
hath ſent your worſhip a morning's draught of ſack *. 
Fal. Brook, is his name? 
Bard. Ay, fir. 
Fal. Call him in; [Zxit BAR DOI PH.] Such Brooks 
are welcome to me, that o'erflow ſuch liquor. Ah! ha! 
miſtreſs Ford and miſtreſs Page, have J encompaſs'd you? 
' go to; win”? . = | 
Re-enter BARDOLPH, wvith FORD diſguiſed. 
Ford. Bleſs you, ſir. EE 
Fal. And you, fir: Would you m-_ with me ? | 
Ford. I make bold, to preſs with ſo little preparation 


upon you. pn 
Fal. You're welcome ; What's your wHl? Give us 
leave, drawer. [Exit BarDOLPH. 


Ford. Sir, I am a gentleman that have ſpent much; 
my name 1s Brook. | 


Fal. Good maſter Brook, I defire more acquaintance 
of you. 


Ford. Good ſir John, I ſue for yours: not to charge 
you!; for I muſt let you underſtand, I think myſelf in 


one moſter Brook below would fain ſpeak with you, and be ac- 
quainted with you, and hath ſent your worſhip a morning's draught of 
fack.] It ſeems to ſhave been a common cuſtom at taverns, in our au- 
thor's time, to ſend preſents of wine from one room to another, either 
as a memorial of friendſhip, or (as in the preſent inſtance) by way of 
introduction to acquaintance. Of the exiſtence of this practice the 
following anecdote of Ben Jonſon and the ingenious Biſhop Corbet 
furniſhes a proof. Ben Jonſon was at a tavern, and in comes Bi- 
ſhop Corbet (but not ſo then) into the next room. Ben Jonſon calls 
for a quart of raw wine, and gives it tothe tapſter. © Sirrah, ſays he, 
carry this to the gentleman in the next chamber, and tell him, I ſacri- 
fice my ſervice to him.” The fellow did, and in thoſe words. Friend, 
fays Dr. Corbet, I thank him for his love; but pr'ythee tell him from 
me that he is miſtaken; for ſacrifices are always burnt.” Merry Paſ- 
| ſages and Jeaſtt, Mis. Harl. 6395. MaLoNE. 

3 —go to; via!] This cant phraſe of exultation is common in the 
old plays. STEEvENns. f 

Markham uſes this word as one of the vocal helps neceſſary for re- 
viving a horſe's ſpirits in galloping large rings, when he grows ſlothful- 
Hence this cant phraſe (perhaps from the Italian, via] may be uſed 
on other occaſions to quicken or pluck up courage. ToLLET. 

4 — not to charge you ;] That is, not with a purpoſe of putting 
you to expence, or being burtbenſume. JouN80N. | 
| | better 


238 MERRY WIVES, 

better plight for a lender than you are: the which hath 

ſomething embolden'd me to this unſeaſon'd intruſion ; 
for they ſay, if money go before, all ways do lie open. 

| Fal. Money is a good ſoldier, fir, doh: will on. 

Ford. Troth, and I have a bag of money here troubles 
me: if you will OP to bear it, fir John, take all, or 
half, for eaſing me of the carriage. . 

Fal. Sir, I know not how I may deſerve to be your 

rter. | | 

Ford. I will tell you, fir, if you will give me the 
hearing. | | = 

Fal. Speak, good maſter Brook ; I ſhall be glad to 
be your ſervant. | 

Ford. Sir, I hear you are a ſcholar, —I will be brief 
with you; — and you have been a man long known to me, 
though I had never ſo good means, as defire, to make 
myſelf acquainted with you. I ſhall diſcover a thing to 
you, wherein I muſt very much lay open mine own 1m- 
perfection: but, good fir John, as you have one eye upon 
my follies, as you hear them unfolded, turn another into 
the regiſter of your own ; that I may paſs with a reproof 
the eaſier, ſith 5 you yourſelf know, how eaſy it is to be 
ſuch an offender. | | 
Fal. Very well, ſir; proceed. | 

Ford. There is a gentlewoman in this town, her huſ- 
band's name is Ford. | | | 

Fal. Well, ſir. | | 3 | 

Ford. I have long loved her, and, I proteſt to you, be- 
ſtow'd much on her; follow'd her with a doting obſer- 
vance; engroſs'd opportunities to meet her; fee'd every 
flight occaſion, that could but niggardly give me fight of 
her ; not only bought many preſents to give her, but have 
given largely to many, to know what ſhe would have 
given: briefly I have purſued her, as love hath purſued 
me; which hath been, on the wing of all occaſions. But 
whatſoever I have merited, either in my mind, or in my 
means, meed®, I am ſure, I have received none; unleſs 


5 — tb] i.e, Since. STEEVENS. 
need, ] i. e. reward. STEEVENS. 


experience 


OF WINDSOR. 239 
experience be a jewel: that I have purchaſed at an infi- 
nite rate; and that hath taught me to ſay this: 

Lowe like a ſhadow flies, when ſubſtance love purſues ; 
Purſuing that that flies, and flying what purſues. 

Fal. Have you receiv'd no promiſe of ſatisfaction at her 
hands? | | po | 

Ford. Never. | | 

Fal. Have you importuned her to ſuch a purpoſe ? 

Ford. Never. 

Fal. Of what quality was your love then ? 

Ford. Like a fair houſe, built upon another man's 
ground ; ſo that I have loſt my edifice, by miſtaking the 
place where I erected it. 

Fal. To what purpoſe have you unfolded this to me ? 

Ford. When I have told you that, I have told you all. 
Some ſay, that, though ſhe appear honeſt to me, yet, in 
other places, ſhe enlargeth her mirth ſo far, that there is 
ſhrewd conſtruction made of her. Now, fir John, here is 
the heart of my purpoſe : You are a gentleman of excel- 
lent breeding, admirable diſcourſe, of great admittance 7, 
authentick in your place and perſon, generally allow'd 3 
for your many war-like, court-like, and learned prepa- 
- rations. : | 

Fal. O, fir! | 

Ford. Believe it, for you know it :—There is money; 
ſpendit, ſpend it; ſpend more; ſpend all I have; only 
give me ſo much of your time in exchange of it, as to lay 
an amiable ſiege to the honeſty of this Ford's wife: uſe 
your art of wooing, win her to conſent to you; if any man 
may, you may as ſoon as any. _ | 

Fal. Would it apply well to the vehemence of your af- 


7 — of great admittance,] i. e. admitted into all, or the greateſt 
companies. STEEVENS. 
8 — generally allowed—] Allowed is approved. So, in X. Lear: 
he if your ſweet ſway 
«© Allow obedience, &c.“ STEEVENS. | 
9 to lay an amiable fiege—] i. e. a fiege of love. So, in Romes 
and Juliet: | | 


the ſiege of loving terms,” MALON E. 
fection, 


240 MERRY WIVES _ 
fection, that I ſhould win what you would enjoy? Methinks, 
you preſcribe to yourſelf very "py wngdey of 6 | 
Ford. O, underſtand my drift! | ſhe dwells fo fecurely 
on the excellency of her honour, that the folly of my ſoul 
dares not preſent itſelf; ſhe is too bright to be look'd 
againſt *. Now, could I come to her with any detection 
in my hand, my deſires had inſtance and argument? to 
commend themſelves ; I could drive her then from the ward 
of her purity 3, her reputation, her marriage vow, and a 
thouſand other her defences, which now are too ftrong- 
ly embattled againſt me: What ſay you to't, fir John? 
Fal. Maſter Brook, I will firſt make bold with your 
money; next, give me your hand; and laſt, as I ama 
gentleman, you ſhall, if you will, enjoy Ford's wife. 
Ford. O good fir! £1 
Fal. Maſter Brook, I fay you ſhall. 4 
Ford. Want no money, ſir John, you ſhall want none. 
Fal. Want no miſtreſs Ford, maſter Brook, you ſhall 
want none. I ſhall be with her (I may tell you) by her 
own appointment; even as you came in to me, her aſſiſt- 
ant, or go-between, 2 from me : I ſay, I ſhall be with 
her between ten and eleven; for at that time the jealous 
raſcally knave, her huſband, will be forth. Come you 
to me at night; you ſhall know how I ſpeed. | 
Ford. I am bleſt in your acquaintance. Do you know 
Ford, fir ? A | ; 
Fal. Hang him, pdor cuckoldly knave! I know him 
not: — yet I wrong him, to call him poor; they ſay, the 
jealous wittoly knave hath maſſes of money; for the which 
his wife ſeems to me well-favour'd. I will uſe her as the 
key of the cuckoldly rogue's coffer ; and there's my har- 
veſt-home. - | ; 
Ford. I would you knew Ford, fir ; that you might 
avoid him, if you ſaw him. | 
Fal. Hang him, mechanical ſalt-butter rogue! I will 
ſtare him out of his wits; I will awe him with my cudgel : 


pe is too bright to be lool d 452 %% 
| Nimium lricus aſpici. Hor. ALONE. | 

2 w—inftance and argument—) Inſtance is example. JOHNSON. 
3 the ward of her purity,—] i. e. the defence of it, STEEVENS- 
It 


OF WIND S OR. 241 
it ſhall hang like a meteor o' er the cuckold's horns : 
maſter Brook, thou ſhalt know, I will predominate over 
the peaſant, and thou ſhalt lie with his wife. Come to 
me ſoon at night: Ford's a knave, and I will aggravate 
his ſtile “; thou, maſter Brook, ſhalt know him for a 
knave and cuckold :—come to me ſoon at night. [ Exit. 
Ford. What a damn'd Epicurean raſcal is this !—My 
heart is ready to crack with impatience. Who ſays, this 
is improvident jealouſy? My wife hath ſent to him, the 
hour is fix' d, the match is made: Would any man have 
thought this? See the hell of having a falſe woman ! my 
bed ſhall be abuſed, my coffers ranſack'd, my reputation 
gnawn at; and 1 ſhall not only receive this villainous 
wrong, but ſtand under the adoption of abominable terms, 
and by him that does me this wrong. Terms! names ! 
Amaimon ſounds well; Lucifer, well; Barbaſon well; 
yet they are devils? additions, the names of fiends: but 
cuckold ! wittol-cuckold * ! the devil himſelf hath not 
ſuch a name. Page is an aſs, a ſecure aſs ; he will truſt 
his wife, he will not be jealous: I will rather truſt a 
Fleming with my butter, parſon Hugh the Welchman 
with my Cheeſe, an Iriſhman with my aqua-vitz bottle ®, 
or a thief to walk my ambling gelding, than my wife 


4 — and I will aggrawate his ſtile :] Stile is a phraſe from the he- 

rald's office. Falſtaff means, that he will add more titles to thoſe he al- 
ready enjoys. STEEVENS. „ : 
| 5 n= Amaimon—Barbaſon—] The reader who is curious to know 
any particulars concerning theſe demons, may find them in Reginald 
Scott's Inwentarie Fa the Names, Shapes, Powers, Government, and 
Effect of Devils and Spirits, &c. p. 377, &c. From hence it appears 
that Amaimon was king of the Eaſt, and Barbatos a great countie 
or earle. STEEVENS. 2 : : 

* — wittol-cuckold !] One who knows his wife's ſalſehood, and is 
contented with it; from wittan, Sax. to know. MALONE. 

© — an Iriſpman with my aqua-vite battle,] Heywood, in his 
Challenge for Beauty, 1636, mentions the love of agua- vitæ as charac- 
teriſtick of the Triſp : | 

« The Briton he metheglin quaffs, 
| The Jiſb aqua-vite," | 

The Iriſh agua-vite, I believe, was not brandy, but 2 ſguebaugb, 
for which Ireland has been long celebrated. MALOxN x. 

Dericke, in The Image of Trelahde, 1581, Sign. F 2, mentions Uſes 
beaghe, and in a note explains it to mean aqua vite. REED. 25 

Vor. I. | R 5 with 


242 MERRY WIVES 

with herſelf: then ſhe plots, then ſhe ruminates, then ſhe 
deviſes: and what they think in their hearts they may 
effect, they will break their hearts but they will effect. 
Heaven be praiſed for my jealouſy! Eleven o'clock 7 the 
hour; I will prevent this, detect my wife, be revenged 
on Falſtaff, and laugh at Page: I will about it; better 
three hours too ſoon, than a minute too late. Fie, ſie, 
fe! cuckold ! cuckold ! cuckold ? [ Exit, 


SCENE III. 
Windſor Park. | 
Enter Caius and RUGBY. 


Caius, Jack Rugby ! 
Rug. Sir. | | 
_ Caius. Vat is de clock, Jack? | 
Rug. Tis paſt the hour, fir, that fir Hugh promiſed to 
meet. | | : | 
Caius, By gar, he has ſave his ſoul, dat he is no come ; 
he has pray his pible vell, dat he is no come: by gar, 
Jack Rugby, he 1s dead already, if he be come. | 
Neg. He is wile, fir ; he knew, your worſhip would 
kill him, if he came. | 
Caius. By gar, de herring is no dead, fo as I vill kill 
him. Take your rapier, Jack; I vill tell you how I vill 
kill him. | | 
Rug. Alas, fir, I cannot fence. 
Caius. Villainy, take your rapier. 
Rug. Forbear; here's company. 
Enter Hoſt, SHALLOW, SLENDER, and PAGE, 
Hoſt. Bleſs thee, bully doctor. | 
Shal. Save you, maſter doctor Caius. 
Page. Now, good maſter doctor i 
7 Eleven oclock—)] Ford ſhould rather have ſaid ten o clock: the 
time was between ten and eleven; and his impatient ſuſpicion was not 
likely to ſtay beyond the time. JonunsoN. 
It is neceſſary for the buſineſs of the piece that Falſtaff ſhould be at 
. Ford's houſe before his return. Hence our author makes him name the 
later hour, See p. 251: The clock gives me my cue there 1 ball 


find Falſtaff.” When he ſays above, I ſhall prevent this, he means, 


not the meeting, but his wife's effecting her purpoſe, Ma 2 
a ; Ns 


OF WIN DS OR. 26 
Slen. Give you good-morrow, fir. 5 


Caius, Vat be all you, one, two, tree, four, come for? 


Hoft. To ſee thee fight, to ſee thee foin *, to ſee thee 
traverſe, to ſee thee here, to ſee thee there ; to ſee thee 
paſs thy punto, thy ſtock ®, thy reverſe, thy diſtance, 
thy montant. Is he dead, my Ethiopian? Is he dead, 


my Franciſco “? ha, bully ! What ſays my Æſculapius? 


my Galen? my heart of elder ? ha ! is he dead, bully 
Stale ?? is he dead? | 

Caius. By gar, he is de coward Jack prieſt of the vorld ; 
he is not ſhew his face. OE 

Hot. Thou art a Caſtilian king, Urinal! Hector of 
Greece, my boy | | : 

Caius, J pray you, bear vitneſs that me have ſtay fix or 
| feven, two, tree hours for him, and he is no come. 

Shal. He is the wiſer man, maſter doctor: he is a curer 
of ſouls; and you a curer of bodies; if you ſhould fight, 
you go againſt the hair + of your profeſſions ; is it not true, 
maſter Page ? 


3 — to ſee thee foin,] To foin, I believe, was the ancient term for 
making a thruſt in fencing, or tilting. STEEVENS. 

9 — thy ſtock, ] Stock is a corruption of focata, Ital. from which 
language the technical terms that follow are likewiſe adopted. STE v, 

* — my Franciſco ?] He means, my Frenchman. The quarto reads 
my Francoyes. MALONE. - | Ih: 

my beart of elder ?] It ſhould be remember'd, to make this 
joke reliſh, that the e/der tree has no heart. I ſuppoſe this expreſſion 
was made uſe of in oppoſition to the common one, heart of oaks STEEV« 

2 — bully Stale ?] The reaſon why Caius is called bully Stale, and 
afterwards Urinal, muſt be ſufficiently obvious to every readers STEEV. 
3 — Caſtilian] Caſtilian and Ethiopian, like Cataian, appear in 
our author's time to have been cant terms. I have met with them in 


more than one of the old comedies. I ſuppoſe Caſtilian was the cant 


term for Spaniard in general; STEEVENS. : | | 

I believe this was a popular flur upon the Spaniards, who were held 
in great contempt after the buſineſs of the Armada. Thus we have a 
Treatiſe Parænetical, wherein is ſhewwed the right way to ref the Caſti. 
lian king: and a ſonnet, prefixed to Lea's Anſwer to the Untruths 
publiſhed in Spain, in glorie of their ſuppoſed Victory atchieved * 
our Engliſp Navie, begins: * Thou fond Caſtilian king! Hand ſo in 
other places. FARMER. 3 : 

4 — againſt the hair &c.] This phraſe is proverbial, and is taken 
from ſtroking the hair of animals a contrary way to that in which it 
grows - We now ſay againſt the grain. STEEVENS. 


R 2 2 Page. 


— —— ͥ —— — — * 
— A — 
— 


r - * — 
— 
——— 


— 
— 
— 
— 


— — . — _ — = — * — — 2 >= == 
* > RY — — a7 = 
r PL -> jw a * — 2 * = be = —— * = - 
. . 8 = — — — 2 pans . : —_— — 
1 TA . * 1 a — * w_ 1 5 ** = — - 
axe . 4 - — — © oa 2 1 1 hn? = = =_ 
— 2 2 = RED - - — — 
— | — 1 0 a 5 p - 2 — — 
2 l r — : - = * 3 
© n 8 2 = 2» Þ — - - = < SF... r 2 8 rt _ = 
= = 8 FR * : 2 = * . * — —: —— — - ; 
* _ _ 9 2 1 — r 2 — — — - — - = n — 
— Ta . 5 * 2 * © 44 5 J ol - 
— »* - - — — —— — = - — — — — 
— — - — ͤ—— — * _ 2 
— 4 — og — — 
— ee — — — — — — 


OY 2 
n 
1 + * - 
\ "Ig 


— — 


244 MERRY WIVES 
Page. Maſter Shallow, you have yourſelf been a great 
fighter, though now a man of peace. | LI 
Shal. Bodykins, maſter Page, though I now be old, 
and of the peace, if I ſee a ſword out, my finger itches to 
make one: though we are juſtices, and doctors, and 
churchmen, maſter Page, we have ſome ſalt of our youth 
in us; we are the ſons of women, maſter Page. 
Page. *Tis true, maſter Shallow. 
Shal. It will be found fo, maſter Page. Maſter doctor 
. Caius, I am come to fetch you home. I am ſworn of the 
peace: you have ſhew'd yourſelf a wiſe phyſician, and 
Sir Hugh hath ſhewn himſelf a wiſe and patient church- 
man: you muſt go with me, maſter doctor. 


Heß. Pardon, gueſt juſtice :=A word, Monſieur Mock- 
water 5. | 


Caius, Mock-vater ! vat is dat? TEE 
b Hoſt. Mock-water, in our Engliſh tongue, is valour, 
ully. 


Caius. By gar, then I have as much mock- vater as de 


{ . : 

5 A word, Monfieur Mock-water.] The ſecond of theſe words was 
recovered from the early quarto by Mr. Theobald, Some years ago I 
ſuſpected that mock-wwater, which appears to me to afford no meaning, 
was corrupt, and that the author wrote Mate- water. I have ſince 
obſerved that the words mock and make are often confounded in the old 
copies, [See Vol. II. pp. 21, 83. ] and have therefore now more confi- 
dence in my conjecture. It is obſervable that the hoſt, availing himſelf 
of the Doctor's ignorance of Engliſh, annexes to the terms that he uſes 
a ſenſe directly oppoſite to their real import. Thus, the poor French- 
man is made to believe, that “ he will clapper-claw thee tightly,” 
Gegnifics, „c he will make thee amends.” Again, when he propoſes to 
be his — he tells him, ““ for this I will be thy adverſary toward 
Anne Page.“ So alſo, inſtead. of . heart of cat,” he calls him (heart 
of elder.” In the ſame way, he informs him that Make-water means 
« wvalour.”—In the old play called the Life and Death of Lord Cromwell, 
1602, a female of this name is mentioned. 

Dr. Farmer, however, obſerves to me, that Muck-water may be the 
true reading, that term being uſed in ſome counties; ſignifying the 
_ 80zing of a muck or dung-hill, MALONE. | | 
The hoſt means, I believe, to reflect on the inſpection of urine, which 
made a conſiderable part of practical phyſick in that time; yet I do not 
well ſee the meaning of mock-wwater. Jon NSsOoN. | 

To mock, in Antony and Cleopatra, undoubtedly ſignifies to play witb. 
Shakſpeare may therefore chuſe to repreſent Caius: as one to whom 4 
urinal was a play-thing. STEBEVENS. * 


Engliſhman: 


2222225 2 2X27 


f OF WINDSOR. 245 
Engliſhman :—Seurvy jack-dog-prieſt! by gar, me vill 


cut his ears. | 

Hoft. He will clapper-claw thee tightly, bully. 

Caius. Clapper-de-claw ! vat is dat ? 

Hot. That is, he will make thee amends. ' fs 

Caius. By gar, me do look, he ſhall clapper-de-claw - 
me; for, by gar, me vill have it. | 
H. And 1 will provoke him to't, or let him wag. 

Caius, Me tank you for dat. 

Hoft. And moreover, bully, — But firſt, maſter gueſt, 
and maſter Page, and eke cavalero Slender, go you 
through the town to Frogmore. [ Afede to them, 

Page. Sir Hugh is there, is he? : 

Hoft. He is there: fee what humour he is in; and 1 

will bring the doctor about by the fields: will it do well? 

Shal., We will do it. | | | 

Page, Shal. and Slen. Adieu, good maſter doctor. 

| IExeunt PAGE, SHALLOW, and SLENDER. 
_ Caius. By gar, me vill kill de prieſt ; for he ſpeak for 
a jack-an-ape to Anne Page. 

Hoſt. Let him die: but, firſt *, ſheath thy impatience z 
throw cold water on thy choler : go about the fields with 
me through Frogmore ; I will bring thee where miſtreſs 
Anne Page 1s, at a farm-houſe a feaſting ; and thou ſhalt 
woo her: cry'd game ®, ſaid I well? 8 
Caius. By gar, me tank you for dat: by gar, I love 
you; and I ſhall procure-a you de good gueſt, de earl, 
de knight, de lords, de gentlemen, my patients. | 

Hoſt. For the which, I will be thy adverſary toward 
Anne Page ; ſaid I well ? | : 


— — — _ 


—_— I 


— — - - —_— " 2 
4 T. .? . — 
2 * * S R „1 
2 
1 


4 
} p 
i 
5 
| 3 
0 
1 U 
11 
* 
2 © E 
1 
= * 
5 
* 
Iz 
1 * - 
. 
70 4 
N 3:73. 
g'4 % Fall 
BY 
; y x7 
j {nt 
i; "1 180 
2 Ln * 
5 1 4 
Fl [ 
1 145 
81 N. 
Ml 4 
1 3 ; 
* 
14 
; | : 
. 
„V. 
OY 4 
_ » 
5 
1 * 
7 o 
1 4 
bd 4 
* 
"on U 
* 
1 
8 
16 
pr 
J 3 
5 "> 
«4 
4* \ 
a 
ba 
t? 
4 
4 
. 
7 
* 
$4 1 
5 0 _— 
1 
1 a 
4 
: 


— 
= + , 
4 
\ \ 


* — but, Arp] Theſe words were recovered from the old quarto by 
Mr. Theobald. MAL ONE. 

5 — cry'd game,] We yet ſay, in colloquial language, that ſuch a 
one iS—game,—0or game to the back. Cry'd game, might mean, in thoſe 
days, —a profeſs'd buck, one who was as well known by the report of his 
gallantry, as he could have been by proclamation. Thus, in Treilus 

and Creſſida : ; | 
“On whoſe bright creſt, fame, with her loud'ſt O-yes, 
& Cries, this is he.“ | 
Again : © Thou art proclaim'd a fool, I think.” 
Again, in King Lear: . A proclaim'd prize.” STEZYSNS. 


3 Caius, 


246 MERRY WIVES 

Caius. By gar, *tis good; vell ſaid. 

Hoſt, Let us wag then. ; . 
Caius. Come at my heels, Jack Rugby. [ Excunt. 


— a") — ” — 


er, . 
A, field near Frogmore. 


Enter Sir Hugh Evans and SIMPLE. 


 F#wans. I pray you now, good maſter Slender's ſerving- 
man, and friend Simple by your name, which way have 
you looked for maſter Caius, that calls himſelf Doctor of 
 Phyfick? ES | 
Simple. Marry, fir, the city-ward”, the park-ward, 
every way; old Windſor way, and every way but the 
town way. | | 
Evans. I moſt fehemently deſire you, you will alſo look 
that way. | 
Simple. I will, fir. | 5 
Evans. Pleſs my ſoul ! how full of cholers I am, and 
trempling of mind !-—I ſhall be glad, if he have deceived 
me ;—how melancholies I am I will knog his urinals 
about his knave's coſtard, when I have good opportuni- 
ties for the *ork : pleſs my foul! 
To ſhallow rivers *, to whoſe falls [ Angs. 
Alen, birds fing E Lg” 
T here will we make our peds of roſes, 
And a thouſand fragrant poſies. 
To fhallow— | 


Mercy on me! I have a great diſpoſitions to cry. 
| Melodious 


1 — the city-ward,] i. e. towards London. So, in X. Henry VI. P.1, 
(c you may perceive, | | 
«© Their powers are marching unto Paris-evard.” 

The firſt folio has—piry-ward, which in the ſecond folio was corrupt- 
ed into—pitty-wwary. The emendation was ſuggeſted by Mr, Steevens, 
who likewiſe propoſes petty- ward. Maron. | . 

2 To ſhallow rivers, &c.] Theſe lines are part of an old ſong written 
by Chriſtopher Marlowe, which was firſt publithed imperfectly in 1599, 


and afterwards entire in a Collection of Verſes entitled England's Heli- 
; cory 
5 


OF. WINDSOR. - al 


Melodious birds fing madrigals ;— 
When as J fat in Pabylon *,— 
And a thouſand vagram poſies. 
Simple. Yonder he is coming, this way, fir Hugh. 
Evans. He's welcome 
To fhallow rivers, to whoſe fall 
Heaven proſper the right! What weapons is he? | 
Simple. No weapons, ſir: There comes my maſter, 
maſter Shallow, and another gentleman from Frogmore, 
over the ftile, this way. | 
 _ Ewans. Pray you, give me my gown ; or elſe keep i 
in your arms. 
Enter PAGE, SHALLOW, and SLENDER. 


Shal. How now, maſter parſon ? Good-morrow, good 
fir Hugh. Keep a gameſter from the dice, and a good 
ſtudent from his book, and it is wonderful. 


con, printed in 1600; beginning thus: Come live wvith me, and be 
my love, &c.“ Evans in his panick miſ-recites the lines, which in the 
original run thus: | . | 
& There will we fit upon the rocks, 
C And ſee the ſhepherds feed their flocks, 
£ By ſhallow rivers, to whole falls | 
66 Melodious birds ſing madrigals : ; A 
£ There will J make thee beds of roſes 
„ Pitb a thouſand fragrant poſies &c.“ | 
In the modern editions the verſes ſung by Sir Hugh have been correct- 
ed, I think, improperly. . His miſ-recitals were certainly intended. 
He ſings on the preſent occaſion, to ſhew that he is not afraid. So 
Bottom, in A Midſummer Night's Dream: I will walk up and down 
here, and I will ing, that they ſhall hear, I am not afraid.” MAL ONE. 
3 When as I ſqt in Pabylon,—] This line is from the old verſion of 
the 137th Pfalm: | | ' 1 5 
| „ When wwe did fit in Babylon, 
cc The rivers round about, 
cc Then, in remembrance of Sion, 
«© The tears for grief burſt out.“ | 
The word rivers in the ſecond line may be ſuppoſed to have been 
brought to. Sir Hugh's thoyghts by the line of Marlowe's madrigal that 
he has juſt repeated ; and in his fright he blends the ſacred and prophane 
long together, The old quarto has“ There lived a man in Babylon“ 
which was the firſt line of an old ſong mentioned in Teoelftb Night :=— 
but the other line is more in character. Maren & 


R 4 Slen, 


248 MERRY WIVES 


Slen. Ah ſweet Anne Page! 

Page. Save you, good ſir Hugh ! 

Evans. Pleſs you from his mercy fake, all of you ! 

Shal. What! the ſword and the word! do you ſtudy 
them both, maſter parſon ? 

Page. And youthful ſtill, in your doublet and hoſe, 
this raw rheumatick day? 

Evans. There is reaſons and cauſes for it. 

Page. We are come to you, to do a good office, maſter 
parſon. 

Evans. Fery well: What is it ? 

Page. Yonder 1s a moſt reverend gentleman, who be- 
like, having received wrong by ſome perſon, is at moſt 
odds with his own gravity and tienes that ever you 
aw. 

Shal. I have lived fourſcore years, and upward; I 
never heard a man of his place, ene, and learning, 
ſo wide of his own reſpect. 

Evans. What is he? . 

Page. I think you know him; maſter doctor Caius, the 
renowned French phyſician. | 

Evans. Got's will, and his paſſion of my heart! I had 
as lief you would tell me of a meſs of porridge. . 

Page. Why? | 

Evans. He has no more knowledge i in Hibocrates and 
Galen, —and he is a knave beſides ; a cowardly knave, 
as you would deſires to be acquaiated withal. | 

Page, I warrant you, he” 8. the man ſhould — with 


Glen. O, ſweet Anne Page ! 5 
Enter Hoſt, Cavs, and RUGBY. 


Spal. It appears ſo, by his wea ns —Kee them 

aſunder e eee gender Caius. 5 a 
Page. Nay, good maſter parſon, keep in your weapon. 
i= So Jo you, good maſter doctor. | 
. Diſarm them, and let them queſtion ; let them 

ta beit limbs whole, and hack our Engliſh. 

aius. I pray you, let-a me N a word vit your ear. 

Verefore vill 798 or meet-a me ? 
| | Evans. 


OF WINDSOR. 249 
Evans. Pray you, uſe your patience 2 In good time. 
Caius. By gar, you are de coward, de Jack dog, John ape. 
Evans. Pray you, let us not be laughing-ſtogs to other 
men's humours ; I deſire you in friendſhip, and I will ong 
way or other make you amends :—T will knog your urinals 
about your knave's cogs-comb, for miſſing your meet» 
ings and appointments. | 
Caius. Diable !—Jack Rugby, - mine Hoft de Farterre, 
have I not ſtay for him, to kill him? have 1 not, at de 
place I did appoint? | 
Evans. As I am a chriſtians ſoul, now, look you, this 
is the place appointed; I'll be judgment by mine hoſt of 
the Garter. | 
Hoft. Peace, I ſay, Guallia and Gaul 5, French and 
Welch ; ſoul-curer and body-curer. 5 
Caius. Ay, dat is very good! excellent! | 
Hot. Peace, I ſay ; hear mine hoſt of the Garter. Am 
I politick ? am I ſubtle ? am I a Machiavel ? Shall I loſe 
my doctor? no; he gives me the potions, and the mo- 
tions. Shall I loſe my parſon ? my prieſt ? my fir Hugh? 
no; he gives me the pro-verbs and the no-verbs.—Give 
me thy hand, terreſtial ; ſo:—Give me thy hand, celeſtial ; 
ſo.— Boys of art, J have deceived you both; I have di- 
reted you to. wrong places : your hearts are mighty, 
your ſkins are whole, and let burnt ſack be the iſſue.— 
Come, lay their ſwords to pawn: — Follow me, lad of 
peace; follow, follow, follow. | 
Shal. Truſt me, a mad hoſt :—Follow, gentlemen, follow. 
Slen. O, ſweet Anne Page! EE; | 
[Exeunt SHALLOW, SLENDER, PAGE, and Hoſt. 
Caius. Ha! do I perceive dat? have you make-a de 
fot of us $ ?, ha, ha! : 


4 — for miſſing your meetings and appointments.] Theſe words, which 
are not in the folio, were recovered from the quarto by Mr. Popes 
2 8 | MALONE. 
SGuallla and Gaul, ] The folio reads —Gallia and Gaul; but the 
reading of the old quarto [Gawle and Casulia] juſtifies the emenda- 
tion now made, which was ſuggeſted by Dr. Farmer. Guallia is Wal- 
lia. MALON E. | . 
Thus, in XK. Henry VI. P. II. Cualtier for Walter. SrEEVENS. 
© make-a de ſot of us ?] Ser in French fignifies a fal. Mat om. 
LD | : Evans. 


F r WIVES 
Evans. This is well; he has made us his vlouting- 
ſtog.—I defire you, that we may be friends; and let us 
knog our prains together, to be revenge on this ſame ſcall, 
ſcurvy 7, cogging companion, the hoſt of the Garter. 
| Caius. By gar, vit all my heart; he promiſe to bring 
me vere is Anne Page: by gar, he deceive me too. 
Evans. Well, I will ſmite his noddles ; — Pray you 


Jollow. ; | [ Exeunt, 
SCENE UH. 
The Street in Windior. 


| Enter Miſtreſs Pace and Robin. | 
Mrs. Page. Nay, keep your way, little gallant ; you 
were wont to be a follower, but now you are a leader: 
Whether had you rather, lead mine eyes, or eye your 
maſter's heels ? | 
Reb. I had rather, forſooth, go before you like a man, 


tman follow him like a dwarf. 


Mrs. Page. O, you are a flattering boy; now, I ſee, 
you'll be a courtier. | 
Enter For p. 5 
Ferd. Well met, miſtreſs Page: Whither go you? 
Ars. Page. Truly, fir, to ſee your wife; Is ſhe at home? 
Ford. Ay; and as idle as ſhe may hang together, for 
Want of company: I think, if your huſbands were dead, 
you two would marry. . 8 
Mrs. Page. Be ſure. of that, - two other huſbands. 
Ford. Where had you this pretty weather-cock ? 
Mrs. Page. I cannot tell what the dickens his name is 
my huſband had him of: What do you call your knight's 
name, firrah ? © | | : 
Rab. Sir John Falſtaff. 
Ford. Sir John. Falſtaff ! | 8 
* Mrs. Page. He, he; I can never hit on's name.— 
There is ſuch a league between my good man and he !— 
Is your wife at home, indeed? 2 


7 — ſcall, ſcurvy,] Scall was an old word of reproach, as ſcab war | 
afterwards. ., Chaucer imprecates on his ſcriviner : 5 
Under thy longe lockes mayeſt thou have the ſcalle. Jon xNsOx. 
See Leviticus, 13th Ch.—v. 30, 31, and ſeqꝗ · „ F 
ST : : or * 


OF WINDSOR. 251 
Ford. Indeed, ſhe is. 45 
Mrs. Page. By your leave, ſir;—I am fick, till I ſee 
her. [ Exeunt Mrs. Pa k and ROBIN, 
Ford. Has Page any brains? hath he any eyes? hath 
he any thinking? Sure they ſleep ; he hath no uſe of them. 
Why, this boy will carry a letter twenty miles, as 7 
as a cannon will ſhoot point-blank twelve ſcore. 
pieces-out his wife's inclination 3 he gives her folly mo- 
tion, and advantage: and now ſhe's going to my wite, 
and Falſtaff's boy with her. A man may hear this ſhower 
ſing in the wind !—and Falſtaff's boy with her Good 
plots !—they are laid ; and our revolted wives ſhare dam- 
nation together. Well; I will take him, then torture 
my wife, pluck the borrow'd veil of modeſty from the fo 
ſceming miſtreſs Page®*, divulge Page himſelf for a ſecure 
and wilful Actæon; and to theſe violent proceedings all 
my neighbours ſhall cry aim?. [Clock ſtrites.] The clock 
gives me my cue, and my aſſurance bids me ſearch ; 
there I ſhall find Falſtaff : I ſhall be rather praiſed for 
this, than mock'd ; for it 1s as poſitive as the earth is 
firm *, that Falſtaff is there: I will go. | 


Enter Pact, SHALLOW, SLENDER, Hoſt, Sir Hugh 
Evans, Caius, and RUGBY. | 


Shal. Page, &c. Well met, maſter Ford. | 
Ford. Truſt me, a good knot : I have good cheer at 
home ; and, I pray you, all go with me. 
_ $6hal. I muſt excuſe myſelf, maſter Ford. 


3 — ſo ſeeming miſtreſs Page, ] ſeeming is ſpecious. So, in X. Lear: 
If aught within that little ſeeming ſubſtance—.” STEEVENS. 
9 — ſhall cry aim. ] i. e. ſhall encourage. So, in Fenton's Tragical 
Diſcourſes, 1567: “ ſanding rather in his window to—cry aime, than 
helping any waye to part the fraye.“ | 
The phraſe is taken from archery. It ſeems to have been the office 
of the aim-crier, to give notice to the Archer when he was within a 
proper diſtance of his mark, or in a direct line with it; and to point 
out why he failed to ſtrike it. So, in the Spaniſh Gipſie, a com. 1653 : 
—“ great bobbers have ſhot at me but I myſelf gave aim thus. 
wide four bows; ſhort three and a half, &c. STZzEVENS. 
* — as the earth is firm, ] So, in Macbeth: 
1 — Thou ſure and firm-ſet earth," MAL ONE. 


| Slen, 


— ——— — — — — — 


252 MERRY WIVES 

Slen. And ſo muſt I, fir; we have appointed to dine 
with miſtreſs Anne, and I would not break with her for 
more money than [I'll ſpeak of. 

Shal. We have linger*d * about a match between 
Anne Page and my couſin Slender, and this day we ſhall 
have our anſwer. | | 

Fllen. I hope, I have your good will, father Page. 

Page. You have, maſter Slender; I ſtand wholly for 


you: but my wife, maſter doctor, is for you altogether. 


Caius. Ay, by gar; and de maid is love-a me; my 


- nurſh-a Quickly tell me ſo muſh. 


Hoft. What ſay you to young maſter Fenton ? he 
capers, he dances, he has eyes of youth, he writes verſes, 
he ſpeaks holyday*, he ſmells April and Mays: he will 


1 We bave linger d] They have not linger'd very long. The match 
was propoſed by Sir Hugh but the day before. JoHN SON. 

Shallow repreſents the affair as having been long in band, that he 
may better excuſe: himſelf and Slender from accepting Ford's invitation 


on the day when it was to be concluded. STEEvENS. 


Perhaps we ſhould read—/inguer'd, or languer d, which may have been 


2 provincial word for talked, from lingua, Lat. or langue, Fr. Let thy 


tongue langer with arguments of ſtate, occurs in Twelfth Nigbt; but 
it muſt be owned, there is reaſon to ſuſpect that it is an error of the 
preſs.— Un languard in French is a pratler; and languayer ſignifies to 
talk. Linguiſi and linguacious are both Engliſh terms, and in Blount's 
Glaſſagraphy we meet with the ſubſtantive /inguer. MAL ONE. 

2 — be rites verſes, be ſpeaks holyday, J i. e. in an high-flown, 
fuſtian ſtyle. It was called 4 huly-day ſtyle, from the old cuſtom of 
acting their farces of the myſteries and moralities, which were turgid and 
bombaſt, on holy-days. So, in Much Ado about Notbing: I cannot 
woo in feſtival terms.” And again, in The Merchant of Venice : 

Thou ſpend'ſt ſuch hᷣigb-day wit in praiſing him.” Wargus. 

I ſuſpect that Dr. Warburton's ſuppoſition that this phraſe is derived 
from the ſeaſon of acting the old myſteries, is but an holyday hypotheſis ; 
and have preſerved his note only for the ſake of the paſſages he quotes, 


Fenton is not repreſented as a talker of bombaſt. 


He ſpeaks holyday, I believe, means only, his language is more curi- 
ous and 2 choſen than that uſed by ordinary men. MALONE. 

— he ſpeaks bolyday,] So, in K. Henry IV, P. I. | 

« With many Holiday and lady terms.” STEEvens, | 

3 be ſmells April and May :] This was the phraſeology of the time; 
not * he ſmells of April” &c. So, in Meaſure for Meaſure “ he 
would mouth with a beggar of fifty, though the ſmelt brown bread and 
garlick.“ MALOXE, Bn” | 
carry't, 


\ OF WINDSOR: 253 


carry*t, he will carry't; *tis in his buttons“; he will 
carry*t. | | | 

Page. Not by my conſent, I promiſe you. The gen- 
tleman is of no having ? : he kept company with the wild 


prince and Poins; he is of too high a region, he knows 
too much. No, he ſhall not knit a knot in his fortunes 


with the finger of my ſubſtance : if he take her, let him 
take her ſimply ; the wealth I have waits on my conſent, 
and my conſent goes not that way. 

Ford. I beſeech you, heartily, ſome of you go home 
with me to dinner : beſides your cheer, you ſhall have 
ſport ; I will ſhew you a monſter. -Maſter doctor, you 
ſhall go ;—ſo ſhall you, maſter Page ;—and you Sir 
Hugh. 6 
| 990, Well, fare you well; —we ſhall have the freer 

wooing at maſter Page's. [ Exeunt SHAL. and SLEND. 
Caius. Go home, John Rugby; I come anon. 

[Exit Rucsy. 
Heß. Farewell, my hearts: I will to my honeſt knight 

Falſtaff, and drink canary with him. [Exit Hoft. 

Ford. [ Afide.] I think, I ſhall drink in pipe-wine firſt 
with him; I'll make him dance . Will you go, gentles ? 


. All. Have with you, to ſee this monſter. | Exeunt. 


4 — "tis in bis buttons ;] Alluding to an ancient cuſtom among the 
country fellows, of trying whether they ſhould ſucceed with their mi- 
ſtreſſes, by :arrying the batchelor's buttons (a plant of the Lychnis kind, 
whoſe flowers reſemble a coat button in form) in their pockets. And 
they judged of their good or bad ſucceſs, by their growing, or their not 
growing there, SMITH» 4, | : : | 

5 — of no having: ] Having is the ſame as eſtate or fortune. JokNs. 

So, in Macbeth: | ETD 

«© Of noble Having, and of royal hope.” STEEVEN S. 

© I ſhall drink in pipe wine firſt with bim; I'll make bim dance. ] Pipe 
is known to be a veſſel of wine, now containing two hogſheads. Pipe 
wine is therefore wine, not from the bottle, but the pipe; and the jeſt 
conſiſts in the ambiguity of the word, which fignifies both a caſk of 
wine, and a muſical inſtrument, JokNSON. — 

Canary, as Mr. Tyrwhitt has obſerved, is the name of a dance as well 
as of a wine. The phraſe “ to drink in pipe wine” always ſeemed to me 
a very ſtrange one, till I met with the following paſſage in King James's 
firſt ſpeech to his parliament, in 1604; by which it appears that „ to 
drink in” was the phraſeology of the time: —- who either, being old, 
have retained their firſt drunken in liquor,” &. MaLoxNE. | 


SCENE 


e = (LEI — — 
—— 2 
< - * 
*. * 
"= 
= - 


* 
hg 


% 
2 — — — 
F ; N .. * * A 2 ; 
K ; y — 2 4 7 = n * — . Fa oy; * 7 3 , - 
.. | : . A 2 ä * N * b w 1% _—_ 8 al 2 7 2 —— r - * _—— . Py 4 * : Py * 
5 a ö Fon 2 5 4 * * ven! — 0 7 — - 5 — — — 5 = 4 * 
a | | | - — — f £3 0 a 7 E n ; Ls = * wx — + - mY = — 1 * — = S 
——_ . a * Z * * — — 4 2 <2? 8 — + . * 2 . "= K. N = w_ 7 : — 
1 0 = . 8 i . : = = | 
„ —& I : —_ — — _ — — : \ ENS . =—< : N * antes © oy — N 
2 — 2 7 l boa a 0 bs a I 2 3 2 Ta Z * 8 A =o AM"; — 2 - = MN 
\ - = _ — — 5 + Poo , 8 — n — 2 N 428 - — 5 — — — — 
4 5 2 . — 4 * a - , r 7 — — 
— — 58 = 7 — * 8 > 3 f 8 A : | > 
= Er» FRIES = 2 * 5 — — _ > : — * RB — > x = 4 l "S : ; 
= : — = — : bo — £2 y —pp . — . — - + - Y * p — C . * 
_ : | EONS - — „ "IIS wy . — 6 5 . - . — — : : 
— —— . . = A. = — r - 6 —_ 7c} 5 "nn - — — — — — 
l kar; 2 yy = : CRY — — - — - — os 2 . — T * * — 2 
— 5 — . — — — — — . — — = = 
— - . — 2 8 5 > — . — - — | < A 
. N S —— 5 — —— > 
7 * * N ” a 4 5 — — 
$ << RT; —— >. GH. > 


* no” 


- - Þ 
= — be 2 


3 
| 
{ 
{ 
| 
|. 
* 
| 
| 
3 
| 


25% MERRY WIVES 


8. C EN E HL. 
A Room in Ford's Houſe. _ 
Inter Mrs. Foro, and Mrs. Pacs. 


Mrs. Ford. What, John ! what, Robert! 
Ars. Page. Quickly, quickly: Is the buck-baſket— 
Mrs. Ford. I warrant :;—What, Robin, I ſay. 


Enter Servants with a Baſket. 
Mrs. Page. Come, 'come, come. 
Mrs. Ford. Here, ſet it down. 
1 Page. Give your men the charge; we muſt be 
brief. | | | 
Mrs. Ford. Marry, as I told you before, John, and 
Robert, be ready here hard-by in the brew-houſe ; and 
when I ſuddenly call you, come forth, and (without 
any pauſe, or ftaggering,) take this baſket on your ſhoul- 
ders : that done, trudge with it in all haſte, and carry 
it among the whitſters in Datchet mead, and there empty 
it in the muddy ditch, cloſe by the Thames? fide. 
Mrs. Page. You will do it? „ 
Mrs. Ford. J have told them over and over; they lack 
no direction: Be gone, and come when you are call'd. 
| 3 | | [ Exeunt Servants, 
Mrs. Page. Here comes little Robin. 
Res wN Robin; - OD 
Mrs. Ford, How now, my eyas-muſket ? ? what news 
with you ? 5 : | . 5 
Rob. My maſter fir John is come in at your back-door, 
miſtreſs Ford; and requeſts your company. _ 
Mrs. Page. You little Jack-a-lent*, have you been 


true to us? 


Rob. Ay, I'll be ſworn: My maſter knows not of your 


7 — 1 eyas-muſtet &] Eyas is à young unfledg'd hawk; 1 ſuppoſe 
from the Italian Niaſo, which originally ſignified any young bird taken 
from the neſt unfledg'd, afterwards a young hawk. Z1uſftet ſignifies a 


ſparrow hawk, or the ſmalleſt ſpecies of hawks. * WarBurTON. 


Eyas-muſeet is the ſame as infant Lilliputian. STEEVENs. 
8 — Fack-a-lent,} vA Fack o lent was a puppet thrown at in Lent; 
like ſhrove-cocks. STELVENS, © | Sb 


being 


OF WINDSOR 235 
being here; and hath threaten'd to put me into everlaſt- 
ing liberty, if I tell you of it; for, he ſwears, he*ll turn 


me away. 
Mrs. Page. Thou' rt a good boy; this ſecrecy of bis 


ſhall be a tailor to thee, and ſhall make thee a new 


doublet and hoſe.—PNl go hide me. 
Mrs, Ford. Do fo :—Go tell thy maſter, I am Ke 
Miſtreſs Page, remember you your cue, [Exit Robin. 
Mrs. Page. I warrant thee ; if I do not act it, hiſs me. 
[Exit Mrs. PAGE. 
Mrs. Ford. Go to then; we'll uſe this unwholeſome 
humidity, this groſs watry pumpion ; we'll teach him 
to know turtles from Jays. 


Enter FALSTAPF. 

Fal. Have I caught thee, my heavenly jewel" ? Why, 
now let me die, for I have lived long enough= ; this is 
the period of my ambition : O this bleſſed hour! £ 

Mrs. Ford. O ſweet ſir John! 

Fal. Miſtreſs Ford, I cannot cog, I cannot prate, 
miſtreſs Ford. Now ſhall I fin in my wiſh : I would thy 


huſband were dead; I'll ſpeak it before the beſt lord, 1 


would make thee my lady. 


Mrs. Ford. I your 4 ſir John ! ! alas, I ſhould be a 


pitiful lady, 
Fal. Let the court of France ſhew me ſuch a » I 


ſee how thine eye would emulate the diamond : Thou haſt 
the right arched bent 3 of the brow, that becomes the 


9 — from Jays] So, in  Cymbeline 3 ; 
ſome jay of Italy, F 
cc Whose mother was her painting, &c.” STEEVENS. 

1 Have I caught my heavenly jewel ?} is the firſt line of the ſecond 

ſong in Sidney's Afropbel and Stella. TOLLET.» 

2 Why, now let me die; for 1 have lived long enough ;] This ſentĩ- 
ment, which is of ſacred origin, is here indecently introduced. It ap- 
pears again, with ſomewhat leſs of profaneneſs, in the W inter” s Taley 
Act IV. and in Orbello, Act II. STEEvVENS. 


3 — arched bent] Thus the quartos 1602, and 1619. The folio 


reads —arched beauty, STEEVENS. 
The reading of the quarto is ſupported by a paſſage in Antony and 
Cleopatra: 
Eternity was in our lips and eyes, 
« Bliſs in our brows-bent.” MATON E. 


IS ot 


* 
r ZE == = 
RNC CCC. 
222 A - — 


- — SEEDED ec. A — 1 
* r — — — — — 0 
. . — 2 — 2 2 _ * 1 . 
- _ - — * - + — . — 2 = = * oy 2 — » 2 2 2 22 . N T IT — * 
. —— 3 . . - - - So — ABBA mono % * 1 . . — —— * D 
—_ * 7 — — - a 9 —y ” A - >” * 7 — —— = * 2 — 5 => — ” - * * — 
ve * . 6 d.. N 1 2 4 T ' uf ©) JESS S - * 3+ Wb -- ra 8 n — — S 
- = — — _— . = * _ = * by * * * 5 da * AX 4 „ W 1 * ae... 0 - * 5 
— K N — . EI ” — . — — — . k * - * — — 2 
— 5 — - =. wy : q = — — 8 
> > 3 2 - . - — — - 8 _— _— T b 5 =. # - 2 22. = == 4 — — wo 
24 — -.- < > 2 d . ra 2 » c "> — 2 mn —_—— a — = — 4 _ _— 
= - — k 2 — * — . — 4 4 4 1 _ / - * bs o = - — : > 
— = * — * . 75 — — — i - 
= part 8 — — — * — 5 i = 4, Te. ==. == . 
« - — 2 — — * 3 — — — =_ = 4 - — 2 3 4 5, = — 
* LINE) —— * 8 on —— | * — — py - f 
LP \ \ Oo 2 ny 5 0 N ts 2 — 8 _ Pe ÜG— — = 
8 — , l _ = RIS * — — - — — & 1 2 . — — - . = — = 8 _ < pony 2 
* N — — —— — — hs — — - * 2 A 8 2 * =_ r | —_ 
= * — 2- — — D —— _ — — — Ja — — 
. . mms — — — — — — 
* * * x j - — — _ - 
— —— — 


2 


— 


== 
” — 
822 
a 


- fr, - — Wh 
S -—— - _—_— p 
El AEGIS poet, — a 
\ 2 oY 29 anger 
=—_ 2 = 
_— — 
* - — 0 — 
” * 


25886 MERRY WIVES 

ſhip-tire “, the tire-valiant 5, or any tire of Venetian ad- 
mittance . | 

Mrs. Ford. A plain kerchief, fir John: my brows be- 

come nothing elſe ; nor that well neither 

Fal. Thou art a traitor? to ſay ſo: thou would'ſt make 

an abſolute courtier ; and the firm fixture of thy foot 

would give an excellent motion to thy gait, in a ſemi- 

circled farthingale. I ſee what thou wert, if fortune thy 

' foe were not *; nature is thy friend 9 : Come, thou canit 
not hide it. ; b 


4 = that becomes the ſpig-tire,] The Hip- tire was an open head-dreſo, 
with a kind of ſcarf depending from behind. Its name of ſbip-tire was, 
I preſume, from its giving the wearer ſome reſemblance of a Hip (as 
Shakſpeare ſays) in all her trim: with all her pennants out, and flags 
and ſtreamers flying, WAR BURTON. 

In the fifth Act Fenton mentions that his miſtreſs is to meet him, 
«© With ribbons pendant flaring bout her head.” | 

This probably was what is here called the ſpip-tire. MaLone. 

5 — the tire valiant,] I would read tire volant. Stubbs, who de- 
ſeribes moſt minutely every article of female dreſs, has mentioned none 
of theſe terms, but ſpeaks of vails depending from the top of the head, 
and flying behind in looſe folds. The word wolant was in uſe before 
the age of Shakſpeare.— Tire wellet, which is the reading of the old 
quarto, may be printed, as Mr. Tollet obſerves, by miſtake, for tire- 
velvet. We know that velvet hoods were worn in the age of Shak- 
ſpeare. STEEVENS. 1 

Among the preſents ſent by the Queen of Spain to the Queen of 
England, in April 1606, was a velvet cap with gold buttons. Catharine's 
cap in the Taming of the Shrew is likewiſe of velvet. MarLonz. 
„ Venetian admittance.] i. e. of a faſhion received from Venice, 
. So, in Weſtward Hoe, 1606, by Decker and Webſter : © — now 
ſhes in that Italian bead-tire you ſent her.” Dr. Farmer propoſes to 
read of Venetian remittances STEEVENS., | 
7 — A traitor—] i. e. to thy own merit. STEEVENS- | 

The folio reads—thou art a tyrant &c. but the reading of the quarts 
appears to me far better. MALONE. : 

— fortune thy for] “ was the beginning of an old ballad, in 

which were enumerated all the misfortunes that fall upon mankind, 
through the caprice of fortune.” See note on tbe Cuſtom of the Coun- 
try, Act I. ic. i. by Mr. Theobald. REEPD. 

In che Gentleman s Magazine for Auguſt 1780, p. 371, it is obſerved, 


that “ the tune was the ſame as Death and the Lady; and that the 


lamentations of criminals have been generally ſung to this tune for 
two hundred years paſt.” M ALONE. | 3 0 a 
9 = nature is thy friend :] Is, which is not in the old copy, Was 
introduced by Mr, Pope. MALoNE. CES Eb 
| | . Mrs, 


| OF WINDS OR. 257. 

' Mrs: Ford. Believe me, there's no ſuch thing in me. 

Fal. What made me love thee ? let that perſuade thee, 
there's ſomething extraordinary in thee. Come, I can- 
not cog, and ſay, thou art this and that, like a many of 
theſe liſping haw-thorn buds, that come like women in 
men's apparel, and ſmell like Bucklers-bury * in ſimple- 
time; I cannot: but I love thee z none but thee ; and 
thou deſerveſt it. - 
Mrs. Ford. Do not betray me; firz I fear, you love 
miſtreſs Page. a 

Fal. Thou might'ſt as well ſay, I love to walk by the 
Counter-gate z which is as hateful to me as the reek of a 
lime-kiln. | | 

Mrs. Ford. Well, heaven knows; how I love you ; and 
you ſhall one day find it. | 

Fal. Keep in that mind; PII deſerve it. ns 

Mrs. Ford. Nay, I mult tell you, ſo you do; or elſe I 
could not be in that mind. s | 

Rob. [within.] Miſtreſs Ford, miſtreſs Ford! here's 
miſtreſs Page at the door, ſweating, and blowing, and 
mY ing wildly, and would needs ſpeak with you pre- 
ently. | 
Fal. She ſhall not ſee me; I will enſconce me behind 
the arras. i | 3 | 

Mrs. Ford, Pray you, do ſo; ſhe's a very tattling 
WOINAn,— [FALSTAFF hides himſelf. 


| Enter Miſtreſs Pace, and Robin. 

What's the matter? how now ? 885 

Mrs. Page. O miſtreſs Ford, what have you done ? 
You're ſhamed, you are overthrown, you are undone for 
ever. | | 

Mrs. Ford. What's the matter, good miſtreſs Page ? 

Mrs. Page. O well-a-day, miſtreſs Ford! having an 
honeſt man to your huſband, to give him ſuch cauſe of 
ſuſpicion ! | ED 


| Mrs, Ford, What cauſe of ſuſpicion ? 


T — like Bucklers-bury c.] Bucklers-bury, in the time of Shak- 
ſpeare, was chiefly inhabited by druggiſts, who ſold all kind of herbs, 


green as well as dry. STEEVENS. | 10 q 
AIRY So 


VOL. 1. 


es. MERRY WIVES 

Mrs. Page. What cauſe of ſuſpicion ? Out upon you! 
how am I miſtook in you ? = 

Mrs. Ford. Why, alas! what's the matter? 
Mrs, Page. Your huſband's coming hither, woman, 
with all the officers in Windſor, to ſearch for a gentle 
man, that, he ſays, is here now in the houſe, by your 
confent, to take an ill advantage of his abfence : You are 
undone. | | 
I Mrs. Ford. Speak, londer*. [ Afize. }—"Tis not ſo, I 
ope. . | | 40 
Mes. Page. Pray heaven it be not ſo, that you have 
ſuch a man here; but tis moſt certain your haſband's 
coming with half Windſor at his heels, to ſearch for ſuch 
a one. I come before to tell you: If you know yourſelt 
clear, why I am glad of it : but if you have a friend here, 
convey, convey him out. Be not amazed; call all your 
Tenſes to you; defend your reputation, or bid farewell to 
your good life for ever. | | 

Mrs. Ford. What ſhall I do ?—There is a gentleman, 
my dear friend; and I fear not mine own ſhame, ſo 
much as his peril : I had rather than a thouſand pound, 
he were out of the houſe. „ | 

Mrs. Page. For ſhame, never ftand you had rather, and 
you had rather; your huſband's here at hand, bethink 
7 of ſome conveyance: in the houſe you cannot hide 

im.—0, how have you deceived me Look, here is a 
baſket ; if he be of any reaſonable ſtature, he may creep 
in here; and throw foul linen upon him, as if it were 
going to bucking: Or, it is Whiting-time, ſend him by 
your two men to Datchet mead. on 
k 1 Ford. He's too big to go in there: What ſhall 
* Re-enter FALSTAFF. | 
Fal. Let me ſee't, let me ſee't! O let me ſee't ! I'll 
in, I'll in ;—follow your friend's counſel ;—F'll in. 

Mrs. Page. What! fir John Falſtaff! Are theſe your 
letters, knight ? Ye. 


2 Speak louder.) i. e, that Falſtaff who is retired may hear. This 
paſſage is only found in the two elder quartos. STEVENS. 


Fal. 


Fal. I love thee, and none but thee® ; help me away: 
let me creep in here; I'll never 
a goes into the baſket ; they cover him with foul linen. 
rs. Page. Help to cover your maſter, boy : Call your 
men, miſtreſs Ford :—You diſſembling knight! ; 
Mrs. Ford. What, John, Robert, John! [Exit Robin. 
Re-enter Servants.] Go take up theſe clothes here, 
quickly; Where's the cowl-ſtaff? look, how you drum- 
ble “: carry them to the laundreſs in Datchet mead 5 ; 
quickly, come. 5 
Enter Fox D, PAGE, CAlus, and Sir Hugh Evans. 
Ford. Pray you, come near: if I ſuſpect without cauſe, 


why then make ſport at me, then let me be your jeſt; I 


_ deſerve it. How now? whither bear you this? 
Serv. To the laundreſs, forfooth. WE: 
Mrs. Ford. Why, what have you to do whither they 
bear it? You were beſt meddle with buck-waſhing. 


Ford. Buck? I would I could waſh myſelf of the buck !- 


Buck, buck, buck? Ay, buck; I warrant you, buck, 
and of the ſeaſon too; it ſhall appear. ¶ Exeunt Servants, 


3 = and none but thee; ] Theſe words, which are characteriſtick, 
and ſpoken to Mrs. Page aſide, I have reſtored from the early quarto. 
He had uſed the fame words before to Mrs. Ford. MaLons. h 

4 — how you drumble: ] The reverend Mr. Lambe, the editor of 
the ancient metrical hiſtory of the Battle of Floddon, obſerves, that 

lock, how you drumble, means—hozw confuſed 92 are; and that in the 
North, drumbled ale is muddy diſturbed ale. STEEVENS. 

A drumble-drone in the weſtern diale@ ſignifies a drone, or drumble- 
bee. Mrs. Page therefore may mean — How lazy and ſtupid you are! 
be more alert. MAL ONE. 7 5 


To drumble, in Devonſhire, Nignifies to mutter in a ſullen and inarti- 


culate voice, HENLE TW. | 
carry them to the laundreſs in Datchet mead ;) Mr, Dennis ob- 
jects, with ſome degree of reaſon, to the probability of the circumſtance 
of Falſtaff's being carried to Datchet mead, and thrown into the Thames. 
It is not likely (he obſerves) that Falſtaff would ſuffer himſelf to be 


carried in the baſket as far as Datchet mead, which is half a mile from 


Windſor, and it is plain that they could not carry him, if he made 
any reſiſtance.” MAL ONE. 

6 —jt ſhall appear.] Ford ſeems to allude to the cuckhold's horns» 
So afterwards: 5 — and ſo buffets himſelf on the forehead, crying, 


peer out, peer out. Of tbe. ſeaſon is a phrafe of the foreſt, Maro. 
8 2 2 with 


= 
_ —_ RI od nes 1 — o — * , ͤ( WE pe 
— ů , _ ra 2 2 1 — - 
Pogue LOTS S 5-07, 42 * — & WEE Lo 
et — - 5 92 25 . S hs = 
- x YE - - —=2 — - Q — 
— 1 - — — 2 8 xz 
f 8 — 


— oy = — 8 
— — . —— — — 
1 * 

4 — <= — ” 

q 5 bom — 


260 MERRY WIVES 

with the baſket.) Gentlemen, I have dream'd to-night ; 
I'll tell you my dream. Here, here, here be my keys : 
aſcend my chambers, ſearch, ſeek, find out: I'll war- 
rant, we'll unkennel the fox: Let me ſtop this way firſt : 


So, now uncape 7. | | 
Page. Good maſter Ford, be contented : you wrong 


yourſelf too much. | 
Ford. True, maſter Page: Up, gentlemen ; you ſhall 
ſee ſport anon: follow me, gentlemen. „ rir. 


Evans. This is fery fantaſtical humours, and jea- 
louſies. | | EET 

Caius. By gar, *tis no de faſhion of France: it is not 
Jealous in France. | 5 
Page. Nay, follow him, gentlemen; ſee the iſſue of 
his ſearch. ¶Zxeunt Evans, PAGE, and CAlus. 

Mrs. Page. Is there not a double excellency in this ? 

Mrs. Ford. J know not which pleaſes me better, that 
my huſband 1s deceived, or Sir John. 

Mrs. Page. What a taking was he in, when your 
huſband aſk d who was in the baſket! | N 
Mes. Ford. I am half afraid, he will have need of 
waſhing ; ſo throwing him into the water will do him a 
benefit. ; oy 5 5 

Mrs. Page. Hang him, diſhoneſt raſcal ! I would, all 
of the ſame ſtrain were in the ſame diſtreſs. 

Mrs. Ford. I think, my huſband hath ſome ſpecial 
ſuſpicion of Falſtaff's being here; for I never ſaw him ſo 
groſs in his jealouſy till now, _ | 8 
Mrs, Page. I will lay a plot to try that: And we will 
yet have more tricks with Falſtaff: his diſſolute diſeaſe 
will ſcarce obey this medicine. | 5 

Mrs. Ford. Shall we ſend that fooliſh carrion*, mi- 
ſtreſs Quickly, to him, and excuſe his throwing into the 
water ; and give him another hope, to betray him to an- 
other puniſhment? 


7 So, now uncapes] The alluſion is to the ſtopping every hole at which 

a fox could enter, before they uncape or turn him out of the bag in 

which he was brought. I ſuppoſe every one has heard of a Lag- fox · 
| | | | STEEVENS. 

that fooliſh carrion,] The old copy has—fool;ſhion carrion. The 
correction was made by the editor of the ſecond folio, MALONE. M 

74. 


OF WINDSOR. 261 
Mrs. Page. We'll do it; let him be ſent for to-mor- 
row eight o'clock, to have amends. 


Re-enter. Fox D, Pact, Caivs, and Sir Hugh Evans. 


Ford. cannot find him: may be the knave bragg*d of 
that he could not compaſs. | 

Mrs, Page.. Heard you that ? | 

Mrs. Ford. Ay, ay, peace“: — Vou uſe me well, maſter 
Ford, d ! ; 

Ford. Ay, I do fo. | 

Mrs. Ford. Heaven make you better than your thoughts! 

Ford. Amen. {2 7 

Mrs. Page. You do yourſelf mighty wrong, maſter Ford. 

Ford. Ay, ay; I muſt bear it. SK 
Evans. If there be any pody in the houſe, and in the 
chambers, and in the coffers, and in the preſſes, heaven 
forgive my fins at the day of judgment! 

Caius, By gar, nor I too; dere is no bodies. 

Page. Fye, fye, maſter Ford! are you not aſhamed ? 
What ſpirit, what devil ſuggeſts this imagination ? I 
would not have your diſtemper in this kind, for the wealth 
of Windfor Caſtle, | | 

Ford. *Tis my fault; maſter Page : I ſuffer for it. 

Evans. You ſuffer for a pad conſcience: your wife is 
as honeſt a *omans, as I will deſires among five thouſand, 
and five hundred too, | 

Caius, By gar, I ſee 'tis an honeſt woman. | | 

Ford. Well ;—I promiſed you a dinner: Come, come, 
walk in the park: I pray you, pardon me; I will here- 
after make known to you, why I have done this.—Come, 
wife ;—come, miſtreſs Page; I pray you pardon me; 
pray heartily, pardon me. | 

Page. Let's go in, gentlemen ; but, truſt me, we'll 
mock him. I do invite you to-morrow morning to my 
houſe to breakfaſt ; after, we'll a birding together; I 
have a fine hawk for the buſh : Shall it be ſo? 


9 Ay, ay, peace :] Theſe words were recovered from the early quarto 
by Mr. Theobald. But in his and the other modern editions, I, the old 
ſpelling of the affirmative particle, has inadvertently been retained. 

— 5 Maro RE. 


8 3 Ford: 


262 MERRY LEA. 


Ford. Any thing. | 

Evans. If there is one, I ſhall make two in the 
company. 

Caius. If there be one or two, I ſhatl make-a de turd, 

Evans. In your teeth ©; for ſhame. £ 

Ford. Pray you go, maſter Page. 

Evans. I pray you now, remembrance to-morrow on 
the louſy knave, mine hoft, 

Caius. Dat is good; by gar, vit all my heart, 

Evans. A louſy knave 3 ; to have his gibes, and his 
mockeries. [ Exeunt. 


A Room in Page's Houſe.” 
Enter FEN TON and Miftreſs ANNE PAGE. | 


Fent. I ſee, I cannot get thy father's love; 
Therefore, no more turn me to 98 80 ſweet Nan. 

Anne. Alas! how then? 

Fent. Why, thou muſt be thyſelf. 
He doth object, I am too great of birth; 
And that, my ſtate being gall'd with my expence, 
I ſeek to heal it on! by his wealth : 
Beſides theſe, other bars he lays before me,— 
My riots paſt, my wild ſocieties ; 
And tells me, tis a thing impoſſible 

I ſhould love thee, but as a property. 

Anne. May be, he tells you true. 

Fent, No, heaven ſo ſpeed me in my time to come ! 
Albeit, I will confeſs, thy father” $ wealth * 


* Tn your teeth :] This dirty reſtoration was made by Mr. Theobald, 
Evans's application of the doctor's words is not in the folio. ST ERV. 
> — father's wealth} Some light may be given to thoſe who ſhall 
endeavour to calculate the increafe of auc wealth, by obſerving, 
that Latymer, in the time of Edward VI. mentions it as a proof of his 
father's proſperity, That though but a yeoman; he gave his daughters 
1 pounds each for ber portion. At the latter end of Elizabeth, ſeven 
hundred pounds were ſuch a temptation to courtſhip, as made all other 
motives ſuſpected. Congreve makes twelve thouſand pounds more 
than a counterbałance to the affectation of Belinda. No poet would 
now fly his favourite character at leſs than cy thouſand. Jenn 


Was 


OF WINDSOR. 263 


Was the firſt motive that I woo'd thee, Anne: 
Vet, wooing thee, I found thee of more value 
Than ſtamps in gold, or ſums in ſealed bags; 
And *tis the very riches of thyſelf 
That now I aim at. 

Anne. Gentle maſter Fenton, 
Yer ſeek my father's love; ſtill ſeek it, . : 
If opportunity and humbleſt ſuit 
Cannot attain it, why then, Hark ou hither. 

[They converſe apart. 


Enter SHALLOW, SLENDER, and Mrs. QUickLy. 


| $hal. Break their talk, miſtreſs Quickly ; my kinſman 
ſhall ſpeak for himſelf. 

Slen, I'll make a ſhaft or a bolt on't 3 : *ſlid, *tis but 
venturi In 

Sal. Be not diſmay'd. 

Slen. No, ſhe ſhall not diſmay n me: Icare not for that. 
but that I am afeard. 

Quick, Hark ye; maſter Slender would ſpeak a word 
with you. 

Anne, I come to him. — This is my father's choice. 
O, what a world of vile ill- favour'd faults 
| Looks. handſome in three hundred pounds a year! [ 4//. 

2uick. And how does good maſter Fenton? Pray you, 
a word with you. | 

Shal. She's coming; ; to her, coz. © boy, thou hadſt 
a father! | 

Slen. J had a father, miſtreſs Anne ;—my uncle can 
tell you good jeſts of him :—Pray you, uncle, tell miſtreſs 
Anne the jeſt, how my father ſtole two geeſe out of a pen, 
good uncle. 

Spal. Miſtreſs Anne, my couſin loves you. 

Slen. Ay, that I do; as well as I love any woman in 
Glocellprihitre, 


3 I'll make a ſhaft or a bolt owt :] This is enumerated by Ray, 
- amongſt others, in his Collection of proverbial phraſes. RE ED. 
The fpaft was ſuch an arrow as ſkilful archers employed. The bolt 
in this proverb means, I think, the fools bolt. MAL ONE. 


S 4 Sbal. 


r 


264 MERRY WIVES 

Shal. He will maintain you like a gentlewoman. 

Slen. Ay, that I will, come cut and long-tail +, under 
the degree of a ſquire. | | 

Shai. He will make you a hundred and fifty pounds 
Jointure, | | | 

Anne. Good maſter Shallow, let him woo for himſelf. 

Shal. Marry, I thank you for it ; I thank you for that 
good comfort. She calls you, coz ; I'll leave you. 

Anne. Now, maſter Slender. | 
Slen. Now, good miſtreſs Anne. 

Anne. What 1s your will ? 

Slen. My will? od's heartlings, that's a pretty jeſt, 
indeed! I ne'er made my will yet, I thank heaven; I 
am not ſuch a ſickly creature, I give heaven praiſe. _ 

Anne. I mean, maſter Slender, what would you with 
me ? | 

Slen. Truly, for mine own part, I would little or no- 
thing with you: Your father, and my uncle, have made 
motions : if it be my luck, ſo; if not, happy man be his 
eole 5! They can tell you how things go, better than I 
can: You may aſk your father; here he comes. 


Enter Pa OE, and Miftre/s Pa E. 


Page. Now, maſter Slender :—Love him, daughter 
: Anne.— N 
Why, how now! what does maſter Fenton here ? 


4 — come cut and long tail,-] i. e. let who will come as a ſuitor, 
of whatever degree he may be, under the degree of a ſquire. The 
phraſe of cut and long tail had its origin from the practice of ſometimes 
cutting the tails of dogs and horſes, and leaving others in their natural 
ſtate; ſo that (as Mr. Reed has obſerved) under the deſcription of cut 
and long tail the whole ſpecies of thoſe animals is included. Cur, in 
conſequence of this practice, was in our author's time a common name 
of a horſe, as both cut and curtail were deſignations of a dog, of whoſe 
tail a part had been cut off. MAL ONE. N 

So, in The Fir Part of the Eighth liberal Science, &c. by Ulpian 
Fulwel, 1576 :— yea, even their very dogs, Rug, Rig, and Rilbie, 
yea, cut and long-taile, they ſhall be welcome.“ STEEveEns. 

5 — bappy man be his dole !] A proverbial expreſſion, See Ray's 
collection, p. 116. edit. 1737. STEEVENS, x 


You 


* 


OF WINDSOR. 265 
You wrong me, fir, thus ſtill to haunt my houſe. 
I told you, fir, my daughter is diſpos'd of. 
Fent. Nay, maſter Page, be not impatient. 
Mrs. Page. Good maſter Fenton, come not to my child. 
Page. She is no match for you. 
Fent, Sir, will you hear me ? 
Page. No, good maſter Fenton. 
Come, maſter Shallow; come, ſon Slender; in. 
Knowing my mind, you wrong me, maſter Fenton. 
[Exeunt PaGEe, SHALLOW, and SLENDER, 
DPuick, Speak to miſtreſs Page. 
Fent. Good miſtreſs Page, for that I love your daughter 
In ſuch a righteous faſhion as I do, 
Perforce, againſt all checks, rebukes, and manners, 
I muſt advance the colours of my love, 
And not retire : Let me have your good will. 
Anne. Good mother, do not marry me to yond' fool. 
Mrs. "7 CO it not; I ſeek you a better huf- 
an 
Duck, That's my maſter, maſter doctor. 
Anne. Alas, I had rather be ſet quick i' the earth, 
And bowl'd to death with turnips ö. 
Mrs. Page. Come, trouble not yourſelf: Good maſter 
Fenton, 
1 will not be your friend, nor enemy: 
My daughter will I queſtion how ſhe loves you, 
And as I find her, ſo am I affected ; 
Till then, farewell, ſir: She muſt hoods go in ; 
Her father will be angry. 
Fent. F arewell, gentle miſtreſs ; farewell, Nan 7 
[ Exeunt Mrs, Pack and Ax N E. 
Seel. This 1 is my doing now ;—Nay, ſaid I, will you 


6 Anne. Alas, I had rather be ſet quick 7 the earth, 

And bow!l'd to death with turnips.) This is a common pro- 
verb in the ſouthern counties. I find almoſt the ſame expreſſion in Ben 
bath s Bartbolomew Fair: ** Would I had been ſet i in the ground, all 

ut the head of me, and had my brains boruld at.” Col TIINs. 
7 Farewell, gentle miſtreſs ; * Tm Miſtreſs is here uſed as 
a a triſyllable, MALoN E. 


caſt 


31 

: 

0 

1 
* « 
: 
I 
C 
nh 
: 
> 
(4 
* 
8 = 
7 
17 
+2 12 
1? - 
\ f 
93 : 
in 
8 \ A 
* 
oth 2 
7 
7 
# 
41 15- 
1.48" 
11 
1 Fi 
2 
. 1 
4 
28 
1 $ 4 
f 
1 4 
I 
- x 
* - 
ic]: 
1311 * 
— 1 8 
Mr 
5.9 
194 
AF; nA 
TY: 
1 
© 
it 
} 
17 
- 
3 
. 
;F 1 
i o 
13 | 
9 
oy 2 

£37 

o 
Ll 

* 


266 MERRY. WIVES 


caſt away your child on a fool, and a phyſician * ? Look 
on, Maiter Fenton :—this is my doing. | 
Fent. I thank thee; and I pray thee, once to-night 9 
Give my ſweet Nan this ring: There's for thy pains, Zit. 
Duick, Now heaven ſend thee good fortune! A kind 
heart he hath: a woman would run through fire and water 
for ſuch a kind heart. But yet, I would my maſter had 
miſtreſs Anne ; or I would mafter Slender had her ; or, 
in ſooth, I would maſter Fenton had her: I will do what 
I can for them all three; for ſo I have promiſed, and ['11 
be as good as my word; but ſpeciouſly for maſter Fen- 
ton. Well, I muſt of another errand to Sir John Falſtaff 
from my two miſtreſſes; What a beaſt am I to ſlack it? 


LExit. 
SCENE V. 


A Room in the Garter Inn. - 
Enter Fals TAF aud BARDOLPH. 


Fal. Bardolph, I fay,— 
Bard. Here, ſir. | 
Fal. Go fetch me a quart of ſack; put a toaſt in't. 
[Exit Barp.] Have I lived to be carried in a baſket, like 


3 foot, and a phyſician ?] I ſhould read fool or a phyſician, mean- 
ing Slender and Caius. JoHnsONes 

Sir Tho. Hanmer reads according to Dr. Johnſon's conjecture. This 
may be right. -Or my dame Quickly may allude to the proverb, a man 
of forty is either a fool or a phyſician; but the aſſerts her maſter to be 
both. FARMER. | | 

I believe the old copy is right, and that Mrs. Quickly means to infi- 
nuate that ſhe had addreſſed az the ſame time both Mr. and Mrs, Page 
on the ſubject of their davghter's marriage, one of whom favoured Slen- 

der, and the other Caius. © —on a fool or a phyfician,” would be more 
accurate, but and is ſufficiently ſuitable to dame Quickly, referendo 
fingula ſingulis. MALONE. 

Mr. Dennis, of iraſcible memory, who altered this play, and brought 
it on the ſtage, in the year 1702, under the title of The Comical Gallant, 
(when, thanks to the alterer, it was fairly damn'd,) has introduced the 

proverb at which Mrs. Quickly's alluſion appears to be pointed. ST EEv. 
9 once to night—] i. e. ſometime to-night. So, in a letter from 
the ſixth earl of Northumberland; (quoted in the notes on the Houſe- 
hold book of the fifth earl of that name:) « —notwithſtanding I truſt 

do be able ens to ſet up a chapell off myne owne,” STEEVENS. 
1 ſpecicuſly—] She means to ſay ſpecially: STEEVENS- 
; 8 a barrow 


OF NM N SO; 267 

2 barrow of butcher's offal; and to be thrown into the 
Thames? Well; if I be ſerved ſuch another trick, PHY 
have my brains ta'en out, and butter'd, and give them 
to a dog for a new year's gift. The rogues ſighted me 
into the river with as little remorſe as they would have 
drown'd a bitch's blind puppies ?, fifteen i“ the litter: 
and you may know by my fize, that I have a kind of 
alacrity in ſinking ; it the bottom were as deep as hell, I 
ſhould down. I had been drown'd, but that the ſhore 
was ſhelvy and ſhallow; a death that I abhor ; for the 
water ſwells a man ; and what a thing ſhould I have been, 
when I had been fwell'd ! 1 ſhould have been a mountain 
of mummy. | | | 
| Re-enter BARDOLPH, with the wine. 

Bar, Here's Miſtreſs Quickly, Sir, to ſpeak with you; 

Fal. Come, let me pour in ſome ſack to the Thames 
water ; for my belly's as cold, as if I had fwallow'd 
ſnow-balls for pills to cool the reins, Call her in. 

Bard, Come in, woman. 

Enter Mrs. QUICKLY. 

Quick. By your leave; I cry you mercy: Give your 
worthip good morrow. | 
Fal. Take away theſe chalices: Go brew me a pottle 
of ſack finely. x | | | 

Bard. With eggs, ſir ?. BE 

Fal. Simple of itſelf; I'll no pullet-ſperm in my brew- 
age. [Exit Ba RD. ] How now ? | 5 | 
: Quick. Marry, fir, I come to your worſhip from miſtreſs 

ord. 2 5 | 
Fal. Miſtreſs Ford! I have had ford enough: I was 
thrown into the ford; I have my belly full of ford. 

Juict. Alas the day! good * that was not her 
2 ſhe does fo take on with her men; they miſtook 

e : 


r erection. 


2 — a bitch's blind puppies, ] The old copy reads —4 blind bitch's 
puppies. The emendation was made by Mr. Theobald. MAL ONE. 

The tranſpoſition may be juſtified from the following paſſage in the 
Two Gentlemen of Verona : one that I ſaved from drowning, when 
three or four of his Bind brothers and fiſters went to it.” STEZVENS. 


Fal. 


renn > 
- y_ 2 4 
* 
— . 
2 2 a 
— 2 * — 
- 33 
7 P 
— 5 
"= RY — 


, 

i 1 

„5 * 

1 z 
_ 
fl 14 
0 * 

* 8 1 
1 
17 
_ 

+ i 

4. 

13 

5 

11 
. 


Comes. 


268 MERRY WIVES 
Fial. So did I mine, to build upon a fooliſh woman's 
promiſe. | 
Quick. Well, the laments, fir, for it, that it would 
yern your heart to ſee it. Her huſband goes this morn- 
ing a birding ; ſhe deſires you once more to come to her 
between eight and nine : I muſt carry her word quickly : 
fhe*'ll make you amends, I warrant you. | 
Fal. Well, I will viſit her: Tell her ſo; and bid her 
think, what a man is: let her conſider his frailty, and 
then judge of my merit. 
Quick. I will tell her. | 
Fal. Do ſo. Between nine and ten, ſay'ſt thou? 
Quick. Eight and nine, fir. | 
Fal. Well, be gone : I will not miſs her. 
Quick. Peace be with you, fir! [ Exit. 
Fal. I marvel, I hear not of maſter Brook; he ſent me 
word to ſtay within: I like his money well. O, here he 


Enter ForD. 
Ford. Bleſs you, fir ! 1 | 
Fal. Now, maſter Brook? you come to know what hath 

paſs'd between me and Ford's wife? 3 
Ford. That, indeed, fir John, is my buſineſs. 

Fal. Maſter Brook, I will not lie to you; I was at her 
houſe the hour ſhe appointed me. | 

Ford. And how ſped you, fir *? _ 

Fal. Very ill-favour'dly, maſter Brook. | 

Ford. How, fir ? Did ſhe change her determination ? 

Fal. No, mafter Brook: but the peaking cornuto her 
huſband, maſter Brook, dwelling in a continual *larum of 

Jealouſy, comes me in the inſtant of our encounter, after 

we had embraced, kiſs'd, proteſted, and, as it were, 

ſpoke the prologue of our comedy ; and at his heels a 

rabble of his companions, thither provoked and inſtigated 

by his diſtemper, and forſooth, to ſearch his houſe for his 


* 


wife's love. 555 
Ferd. What, while you were there ? 
Fal. While I was there. | LY 
| ® — how ſped you, Sir ?] The word boww I have reſtored from the 
old quarto. MALoONE. | | 


Ford. 


OF WIND O a2 
Ford. And did he ſearch for you, and could not find you? 

Fal. You ſhall hear. As good luck would have it, 
comes in one miſtreſs Page; gives intelligence of Ford's 
approach; and, by her invention, and Ford's wife's di- 
ſtraction, they convey'd me into a buck-baſket. 

Ford. A buck-baſket ! | 
Fal. By the Lord, a buck-baſket : ramm'd me in with 
foul ſhirts and ſmocks, ſocks, foul ſtockings, greaſy nap- 
kins ; that, maſter Brook, there was the rankeſt compound 
of villainous ſmell, that ever offended noſtril. 

Ford. And how long lay you there? | 

Fal. Nay, you ſhall hear, maſter Brook, what I have 
ſuffer*d to bring this woman to evil for your good. Being 
thus cramm'd in the baſket, a couple of Ford's knaves, 
his hinds, wert call'd forth by their miſtreſs, to carry me 
in the name of foul cloaths to Datchet-lane: they took me 
on their ſhoulders ; met the jealous knave their maſter in 
the door; who aſk'd them once or twice, what they had in 
their baſket * : I quaked for fear, leaſt the lunatick knave 
would have ſearch'd it ; but fate, ordaining he ſhould be 
a cuckold, held his hand. Well; on went he for a ſearch, 
and away went I for foul cloaths. But mark the ſequel, 
maſter Brook: I ſuffer'd the pangs of three ſeveral deaths 3: 
firſt, an intolerable fright, to be detected with“ a jealous 
rotten bell- weather: next, to be compaſs'd, like a good. 
bilbos, im the circumference of a peck , hilt to point, 

| | | heel 

* bat they had in their baſket :] So, in p. 260: ** What a 
taking was he in, when your huſbana aſk'd who was in the baſket !”” 
But Ford had aſked no ſuch queſtion. See p. 259. Our author ſeems 
ſeldom to have reviſed his plays. MALONE. 

3 — ſeveral deaths :] Thus the folio and the moſt correct of the 
quartos. The firſt quarto reads—egregious deaths. STEEVENS. 

4 — detected with—] Thus the old copies. With was ſometimes 
uſed for . So, a little after: F | 

I rather will ſuſpe& the ſun with cold.“ 
Detected of a jealous &c. would have been the common grammar of 
the times. The modern editors read by. STEEVENS. 

5 — bilbo,] A bilbo is a Spaniſh blade, of which the excellence is 
flexibleneſs and elaſticity, Jouns0N. | * 

—bilbo, from Bilboa, a city of Biſcay, where the beſt blades are 
made. SrEEVENS. 8 | 7 

1 — of a peck, ] Thus the folio. The old quartoreads—of a pack; 


and perhaps rightly, Pedlar's packs are ſometimes of fuch a fize as to 
| : : admit 


- 


270 MERRY WIVES 
heel to head: and then, to be flopp'd in, like a ſtrong 
diſtillation, with ſtinking cloaths that fretted in their 
own greaſe: think of that, —a man of my kidney o,. — think 
of that; that am as ſubject to heat, as butter; a man of 
continual diſſolntion and thaw ; it was a miracle, to ſcape 
ſuffocation. And in the height of this bath, when I was 
more than half ſtew'd in greaſe, like a Dutch diſh, to be 
thrown into the Thames, and cool'd, glowing hot, in that 
ſurge, like a horſe-ſhoe ; think of that, —hiſſing hot,— 
think of that, maſter Brook. | 
Ford. In good ſadneſs, fir, I am ſorry that for my ſake 
you have ſuffer d all this. My ſuit then is deſperate ; 
you'll undertake her no more? | "Yes 
Pal. Mafter Brook, I will be thrown into Etna, as I 
have been into Thames, ere I will leave her thus. Her 
hufband is this: morning gone a birding : I have received 
from her another embaily of meeting ; *twixt eight and 
nine is the hour, maſter Brook. 
Ford. * Tis paſt eight already, fir. - | 
Fal. Is it? I will then addreſs me 7 to my appoint- 
ment. Come to me at your convenient leiſure, and you 
ſhall know how I ſpeed ; and the concluſion ſhall be 
crown'd with your enjoying her: Adieu. You ſhall have 
her, maſter Brook; maſter Brook, you ſhall cuckold 
Ford. | i [ Exit. 
Ford. Humph ! ha! is this a viſion? is this a 
dream? do I ſleep? Maſter Ford, awake; awake, maſter 
Ford; there's a hole made in your beſt coat, maſter Ford. 
This 'tis to be married ! this *tis to have linen, and 
buck-baſkets — Well, I will proclaim myſelf what I am: 
I will now take the lecher; he is at my houſe : he cannot 
"ſcape me; tis impoſſible he ſhould ; he cannot creep 
into a half-penny parſe, nor into a pepper-box : but, leſt 
the devil that guides him ſhould aid him, I will fearch 


admit of Falſtaff's deſcription 3 but who but a Lilliputian could be 

« compaſſed in a peck ?” MALON& E. . : 

© 6 a. kidney] Kidney in this phraſe now ſignifies kind or qualities, 

but Falſtaff means, a man whoſe Ridnies are as fat as mine. JOHNSON» 

7 wonaddreſs me] i. e. make myſelf ready. So, in K. Henry : 
% To-morrow for our march we are addreß. STEEVENS. 


* _ | Hmpolſible 


OF WIN DS ON. 271 
impoſſible places. Though what I am I cannot avoid, 
yet to be what I would not, ſhall not make me tame: if 


I have horns to make one mad, let the proverb go with 
me, I'll be horn- mad s. [Exit. 


mY ah. *** 2 — ** 1 — 
—— — 


ACT I, SCENE 
| | The Street. 
Enter Mrs. Pace, Mrs. Quickly, and WILLIAM. 


Mrs. Page. Is he at maſter Ford's already, think ' ſt 
thou ? | 
Pick, Sure, he is by this; or will be preſently : but 
truly, he is very courageous mad, about his throwing 
into the water. Miſtreſs Ford defires you to come ſud- 
denly. 8 | 

Me. Page. I'll be with her by and by; I'll but bring 
my young man here to ſchool: Look, where his maſter 
comes; tis a playing-day, I fee, 

| Enter Sir Hugh Evans. 

How now, -fir Hugh ? no ſchool to-day ? | 
Evans. No; maſter Slender is let the boys leave to play. 
 Duick, Bleſſing of his heart ! 1 
Mrs. Page. Sir Hugh, my huſband ſays, my ſon profits 
nothing in the world at his book; I pray you, aſk him 
ſome queſtions in his accidence. : 


— 


8 — l be Horn- mat.] There is no image which our author appears 
fo fond of, as that of cuckolds* horns, Scarcely a light character is in- 
troduced that does not endeavour to produce merriment by ſome alluſion 
to horned huſbands. As he wrote his plays for the ſtage rather than 
the preſs, he perhaps reviewed them ſeldom, and did not obſerve this 
repetition ; or finding the jeſt, however frequent, {till ſucceſsful, did not 
think correQion neceſſary. JOHNSON. | | 

This is a very trifling ſcene, of no uſe to the plot, and I ſhould think 


of no great delight to the audience; but Shakſpeare beſt knew what 


would pleaſe, JounsoN, - 

We may ſuppoſe this ſcene to have been a very entertaining one to the 
audience for which it was written. Many of the old plays exhibit 
dedants inſtruRing their ſcholars, STEEVENS. 
| | Evans. 


1 1 g 
N. N 
1 

. 4 1 fv 


U 


— 


— — 
— „ 
— — — 
—— — 
—— —ʒè — ͥ w̃v 


— — 
2 — —— — 
— —— — — —— — © > 


272 MERRY WIVES 
Zwang. Come hither, William; hold up your head; come. 
Mrs. Page. Come on, ſirrah; hold up your head ; 3 an- 

5 your maſter, be not afraid. 

_ Evans. William, how many numbers 3 is in nouns ? 

Will. Two. | 

Puick. Truly T thought there had been one number 
more; becauſe they ſay, od's nouns. 

Evans. Peace your tatlings. What is fair, William? 

Will. Pulcher. 

; Dick. Poulcats ! there are fairer things than poulcats, 

ure. 
Evans. You are a very ſimplicity oman; I pray you, 

peace. What is Lapis, William: 

Mill. A ſtone. : 

Ewans. And what is a ſtone, William ? 
Will. A pebble. 

Evans. No, it is Lapis; I pray you, remember i in 
your prain. 
ö 

Evans. That is a good William. What is he, , William, 

that does lend articles ? 

Will. Articles are borrow'd of the pronoun; and be 
thus declined, Singulariter, nominativo, Hic, Se hoc. 

Evans. Nontinativo, hig, hag, hog ;—pray you, mark: 
genitivo,  hujus : Well, what is your accu/ative caſe ? 

Will. Accuſativo, binc. 

Evans. I pray you, have your remembrance, child; 

F yy hing, hang, hog. 

Puick., Hang hog is Latin for bacon, I warrant you. 
Evans. Leave your prabbles, *oman, What 1s the 
focative caſe, William ? | 

Will. O—wocative, O. 

Evans. Remember, William; focative is, carer. 

uicht. And that's a good Wot. 

Evans. Oman, forbear, 

Mrs. Page. Peace. | 

Evans. What is your genitive and plural, William ? 

Will. Genitive caſe ? | 
Evans. Ay. , 


! 


| Fill. 


OP WIN DSO R. 273 


Will. Genitive,—horum, harum,  horum *. 

Quick. Vengeance of Jenny's Caſe ? fie on her !-—ne- 

ver name her, child, if ſhe be a whore. | 
Evans. For name, omann. 

- Duick, You do ill to teach the child ſuch words: he 
teaches him to hick and to hack, which they'll do fait 
enough of themſelves; and to call, horum :—fie upon 

ou. | | 
5 Evans. Oman, art thou lunaticks ? haſt thou no under- 
ſtandings for thy caſes, and the numbers of the genders ? 

Thou art a fooliſh chriſtian creatures, as I would de- 
fires. 5 | | 
Mrs. Page. Pr'ythee, hold thy peace. 
Evans. Shew me now, William, ſome declen 
your pronouns. 7 2 | 
Will. Forſooth, I have forgot. | 

Evans. It is ki, ke; cod; if you forget your ties, your 
kes *, and your cods, you muſt be preeches 5. ' Go your 
ways, and play, go. my 
Mrs. Page. He is a better ſcholar, than I thought he 
WAS. ; . 5 
Evans. He is a good ſprag memory, Farewell, mi- 
ſtreſs Page. f BOY TY i384 19 % SIS 

Mrs. Page. Adieu, good fir Hugh, Get you home, 
boy. Come, we ſtay too long. [ Exeunt. 
2 = borum, barum, horum.] Taylor, the water-poet, has borrowed 
this jeſt, ſuch as it is, in his character of a ſtrumpet : 

c And come to borum, harum, wwhorum, then | 

„ She proves a great proficient among men.” STEEVENS, . 

3 — #0 hick and to hack, ] Sir William Blackſtone thought that 
this, „in Dame Quickly's language, ſigniſies to fammer or befitate, as 
boys do in ſaying their leſſons 3” but Mr, Steevens, with more proba- 
bility, ſuppoſes it ſignifies, in her language,-ro do miſchief, MALoNE. 

+ — your kies, your kæs &c.] All this ribaldry is likewiſe found in 

Taylor, the water-poet. See fol. edit. p. 106. STEEVENS. 

5 — you muſs be preeches.] Sir Hugh means to ſay—you muſt be 
ee i. e. flogg d. To breech is to flog. So, in the Taming of the 
rew-: | 
I am no breeching ſcholar in the ſchools.” STzzvzns; 

6 — ſprag—] I am told that this word is ſtill uſed by the common 
people in the neighbourhood of Bath, where it ſignifies ready; alert, 
ſprightly, and is pronounced as if it was written—ſprack. STEEVENS. 
A ſprackt lad or wench, ſays Ray, is apt to learn, ingenious. RzzD. 


ions of 


OL. I. WR SCENE 


— — — 1 2 E —— 
& = : — 5 . 2 122 2 S 2 x - - by ä — —— 2 — - 
= - - . A = L 7 - — — — * : XS a0 Lt, S 5 i nun * —— — 8 A 4 — — — : * 
2 > r - * 2 Ito . 2 w 5 > Th — . - — —— — _ - _ : . r — - — 
4 ak 4 - = = 4 — ; — - — 5 * — 2 = = 22 = — > Y - 1 
nz K — A: — LEO 2 2 : — — po I —— = CIR n — Ez * * 2 — S - r — war — L 
y y - — — wa; 175 — — be * * — — - =; * 4 4 
—— = 2 = — 7 1 — , N 2 - — 2 - * — 8 ” SY IE — 7 — 1 — 2 * 
2 N — — — - — — — - 2.x — — * — 
- - — * — — 2 — ID Ao - — * 7 — 2 — . _ 
4 fp. K * E . K * — — 2 PR 
— = - nr. % k. 2 N * — - me 3 — — — — 

— — "JS; = 2 | * * 5 3 „ wa | 6 ad OE It g 2 — — - - 

6 * — 228 — > Sg . 4 3 - 7 — K — % — - — — * 

— — a — . > — 2 DI. - i : 2 - 45 - in l . | — 8 
- — = ba — —— a = = * p —— - - — . _ —_— * 5 — . — . —_— 0 —— IS 
* + — _ — 7 w_— i — "I a 5 2880 — — 5 I - — 2 
* 1 AAS * dt 4 — — o — 2 9 — K — 1 
_ — — — — — — — . 
— atm 
— e - , — . 
8 - . « - — — 
1 a a — — —— 


y 5 up 
r l — 
> 
hy 


. 
LT. 
* 
—— — 
_ — 
. 5 ap = 
— LS Sunni 3 — 
—— 24 — 


f 


* 


1 


— — 
— 
—_— 


— 


—— ——— re 
—— 
— PU ET 


——— —— 
A 
82 2 
> 


— — 
> - — 

- — — 

# — ct, eee. 


274 MERRY WIVES 
r 
A Room in Ford's Houſe. 


Enter FalsTaryr, and Mrs. FORD. 


Fal. Miſtreſs Ford, your ſorrow hath eaten up my ſuf- 
ferance : I ſee, you are obſequious in your love, and I 
profeſs requital to a hair's breadth ; not only, miſtreſs 
Ford, in the ſimple office of love, but in all the accoutre- 
ment, complement, and ceremony of it. But are you 
ſure of your huſpand now? 

Mrs. Ford. He's a birding, ſweet fir John. 

_ Page. [within,] What hoa, goſlip Ford! what 
4 | | ry | 
Mrs. Ford. Step into the chamber, fir John. 

| OS [Exit FALSTAFF, 
thor Enter Miſtreſs Pact. „„ 
_ Mrs. Page. How now, ſweetheart ? who's at home 
fides yourſelf ? * | 
Mrs. Ford. Why, none but mine own people. 

Mrs. Page. Indeed ? = 
Mrs. Ford. No, certainly: — Speak Jouder. [ Aſide. 

Mrs. Page. Truly, I am fo glad you have nobody here. 
. Mrs. Ford. Why? | 3 | 
Mrs. Page. Why, woman, your huſband is in his old 
lunes 7 again: he ſo takes on yonder with my huſband ; 
ſo rails againſt all married mankind ; fo curſes all Eve's 
daughters, of what complexion ſoever; and ſo buffets 
himielf on the forehead, crying, Peer-out, peer-out 9 “ 
2 Tunes] i. e. lunacy, frenzy. See a note on the Vinter's Tale, 
Act II. fc; il. The folio reads lines, inſtead of lunes. The elder quartos 
his old vaine again. STEEVENS. | | 

The correction was made by Mr. Theobald. MAL ONE. 
be fo takes on—] To take on, which is now uſed for to grieve, 
ſeems to be uſed by our author for to rage. Jon RSO. 

It is uſed by Naſh in Pierce Pennileſs bis Supplication to the Devil, 
1592, in the ſame' ſenſe : © Some will take an like a madman, if they 
ſee a pig come to table.” MATLONE. | 
9 peer-out,} That is, appear borns. Shakſpeare is at his old 


lunes. JounsoN. - - 


bs 


” & ws ww — 


o W] -N DS G - at 


that any madneſs, I ever yet beheld, ſeem'd but tame- 
neſs, civility, and patience, to this his diſtemper he is 
in now: I am glad the fat knight is not here. 

Mrs. Ford. Why, does he talk of him ? 7 6 

Mrs. Page. Of none but him; and ſwears, he was 
carried out, the laſt time he ſearch'd for him, in a baſket : 
proteſts to my huſband, he is now here; and hath drawn 
him and the reſt of their company from their ſport, to 
make another experiment of his ſuſpicion : but I am glad 
the knight is not here ; now he ſhall ſee his own foolery. 

Mrs. Ford. How near is he, miſtreſs Page. 

Mrs. Page. Hard by ; at ſtreet end ; hewill be here anon. 

Mrs. Ford. I am undone !—the knight is here. 

Mrs. Page. Why, then you are utterly ſhamed, and 
he's but a dead man. What a woman are you ?—Away 
with him, away with him ; better ſhame than murther. 
Mrs. Ford, Which way ſhould he go? how ſhould I 
* beſtow him? Shall I put him into the baſket again? 


* 


Enter FaL STAFF. 5 ; 


Fal. No, I'll come no more i' the baſket : May I not 
£0 out, ere he come ? mo | 
Mes. Page. Alas, three of maſter Ford's brothers 
watch the door with piſtols, that none ſhall iſſue out 
otherwiſe you might {lip away ere he came. But what 
make you here? | . 
Fal. What ſhall I do ?—T'll creep up into the chimney. 
Mrs. Ford. There they always uſe to diſcharge their 
birding- pieces: Creep into the kiln-hole *. _ 1 82 
Fal. Where is it? EE Ins root nut 
Mrs. Ford. He will ſeek there on my word. Neither 
preſs, coffer, cheſt, trunk, well, vault, but he hath an 


Shakſpeare here refers to the practice of children, when they call on a 
ſnail to puſh forth his horns : 9 
| oo out, peer out, peer out of your hule, 
Or elſe I'll beat you black as a coal. Hzntzy. 
1 But what make you here ?] i-e. What do you here? MAaLons, 


* Creep into the kiln-bele.] I ſuſpect, theſe: words belong to Mrs. 


Page. See Mrs. Ford's next ſpeech. That, however, may be a ſe« 
cond * a correction of her former propoſal : but the other ſup- 
poßtion is more probable, Maron E. 


8 8 BE abſtract 


—_ — — — - 
-w— - — —2— — 
. 24 
— — — my - — — 
— — — — — - 
- ” 42 —— p—_—_— = - 
— 9 . ——- -- — — 
1 I — = 
* =: 2. * — — — 
a 
ry — _ — — — — 
42 * 
— 


— 


q” 
YN 
= 
THEM TI 
1» "al 1 2 
* 4+ 
) 7 
* 
U 12 I 
1 4 

F 
vl 4 4 
I + 
14 bp } 

* 


— - 
— 


— —.— —— — WIS 
— — — —ä — — — 


7 


276 MERRY WIVES 
abſtract for the remembrance of ſuch places, and goes 
to them by his note: There is no hiding you in the houſe. 

Fal. I'll go out then. 

Mrs. Page. If you go * out in your own ſemblance, you 
die, fir John. Unleſs you go out diſguis*d,— | 
* Mrs. Ford. How might we i him ? | 

Mrs. Page. Alas the day, I know not. There is no 
woman's gown big enough for him; otherwiſe, he might 
put on a | wg a muffler, and a kerchief, and ſo eſcape. 

Fal. Good hearts, deviſe ſomething : any extremity, 
rather than a miſchief. 
. Mrs. Ford. My maid's aunt, the fat woman of Brent. 
ford, has a gown above. | 
- Mrs. Page. On my word, it will ſerve him; ſhe's as 
big as he is: and there's her thrum'd hat, and her muffler 
too 3: Run up, fir John. | ER | 
Mrs. Ford. Go, go, ſweet fir John: miſtreſs. Page, 
and I, will look ſome linen for your head. = 

Mrs. Page, Quick, quick; we'll come dreſs you 
| _ : put on the gown the while. [Exit FaLSTAPF. 

” Mrs. Ford. T would, my huſband would meet him in 

this ſhape ; he cannot abide the old woman of Brentford ; 
he ſwears, ſhe's a witch; forbade her my houſe, and hath 
threaten'd to beat her. . 
Me. Page. Heaven guide him to thy huſband”s cudgel; 
and the devil guide his cudgel afterwards ! ö 
Mrs. Ford. But is my huſband coming ? 
© Mrs. Page. Ay, in good ſadneſs, is he; and talks of 
the baſket too, howſoever he hath had intelligence. 

Mrs. Ford. We'll try that; for I'll appoint my men to 
1 — an abſtract] I. e. a ſhort note or deſcription. Sb, in Hamlet 
6 the abſtract and brief chronicle of the times.” Maronez. _ 
M. Page. If you go &c. ] In the firſt folio, by the miſtake of the 
compoſitor, the name of Mrs. Ford is prefixed to this ſpeech and the next. 
For the correction now made the preſent editor is anſwerable. The 
editor of the ſecond folio put the two ſpeeches together, and gave them 
both to Mrs. Ford. The threat of danger from vithout aſcertains the 
firſt to belong to Mrs. Page. See her ſpeech on her entrance. Maronz. 
ber thrum'd bat, and ber Mule too :] The thrum is the end of 
"a weaver's warp, and we may ſuppoſe, was uſed for the purpoſe of mak- 


ing coarſe hats. A muffler was ſome part of drefs that covered the face. 
. 85 8 STEEVENS. 
| bs ' Athrum'd 


-- 
——— co > — — 
— 2 — — 


— 
—— — h — 


OF WINDSOR. 277 


carry the baſket again, to meet him at the door with it, 
as they did laſt time. 
Mrs. Page. Nay, but he'll be here preſently : let's go 
dreſs him like the witch of Brentford. 
Mrs. Ford, I'll firſt direct my men, what they ſhall do 
with the baſket. Go up, I'll bring linen for him 7 | 
| | | xit. 
. Mrs. Page. Hang him, diſhoneſt varlet! we cannot 
miſuſe him enough“. 
We'll leave a proof, by that which we will do, - : 
Wives may be merry, and yet honeſt too: 
We do not act, that often jeſt and laugh; 
»Tis old but true, Still vine eat all the draugh*, [ Exit. 


| Re-enter Mrs. FokRD, with two Servants. 

Mrs. Ford. Go, firs, take the baſket again on your 
ſhoulders; your maſter is hard at door; if he bid you ſet 
it down, obey him : quickly, diſpatch. [Exit, 

1. Serv. Come, come, take it up. 

2. Serv, Pray heaven, it be not full of knight * again. 

1. Serv. J hope not; I had as lief bear ſo much lead. 


Enter Fox D, Pace, SAL Low, CAlus, and Sir Hugh 
Evans. | 

Ford. Ay, but if it prove true, maſter Page, have you 

any way then to unfool me again ?—Set down the baſket, 

villain ;—Somebody call my wife :—You youth in a 

baſket, come out here? !—O, you panderly raſcals ! there's 

a knot, a gang *, a pack, a conſpiracy, againſt me: Now 


—— — 
ws 6 Ang — . —— — 


. 


2 . — * — 2 — —— — — 
p > L — — — . 
> — a & - A 
—— 23 — . 1222 — 
I. > * — — — — — 
2 — . * rs L — a 
—— = —— 
— = — 
— — 
— —— ꝓä äTv— 


8 7 
—— - 
1, >=- — 
— 
* _ - - — > - 
* — — 6 ——ͤ 


— 2 — — =! r 
— - — _ 
” Pry 2 * 2222 —_—_— - 
— <5 — 2 — "= 2 — 
* 4&2 8 - A * w — 
2 7 — > - 2 © 
- 2 2 — . 4 8 : 
— * - —_———— "> _ da 75 * — — 4 
- — a 
* ws = = — 
y 2 = _ — rat 2 
> 8 er ? . — _ — — 
*. _ 
- — 
— — — - 1 


4 wi — 
8 = 
SIS _ 
— 
— n 
— 
2 8 
— ce poop 
- — « * — a — 
N * w Bs Das ty N — 
* * S Mbit W% . 


—— n — 


11 
1 x 

wy 

*., al 
3 1 


11 
fl il 
Ii 
N 1 4 
En 
C bl 1 
14 vc. 
Iv HE {| 
71 
T0068 17 
1 l 
+4..* 4," 
"1 1 
i | + $5; 
# 7 
4 


A thrum'd hat was made of very coarſe woollen cloth. See Minſheu's 
DicT. 1617, in v. Thrum'd is, formed of thrums, MALONE. 
4 — miſuſe him enough.] Him which was accidentally omitted in the 
firſt folio, was inſerted by the editor of the ſecond, MALoNE. 
5 Still ſwine &c.] This is a proverbial ſentence, See Ray's Col- 
lection. MALoNE. | . 
© — of knight] Thus the only authentick copy, the firſt folio, The 
editor of the Feond reads—of the knight; I think, unneceſſarily. We 
have juſt had“ hard at door.” MALONR. 
7 You youth in a baſket come out here !] This reading I have adopt- 
ed from the early quarto, The folio has only Youth in a baſket l 
| |; 8 MaLoN E. 
24 gang, ] Old Copy -in. Corrected by Mr, Rowe. Maronz. 
. "2 2» ſhall 


278 MERRY WEVES 

ſhall the devil be ſhamed. What ! wife, I ſay ! come, 

come forth; behold what honeſt clothes you ſend forth to 
bleaching. 

Page. Why, this paſſes?! Maſter Ford, you are not 
to go looſe any longer ; you muſt be pinion d- 

Evans. Why, this is lunatics! this is mad as a mad' dog! 

SHal. Indeed, maſter Ford, this 1s not well; indeed. 


Enter Mrs. Fox p. 

Ford. So ſay I too, ſir. Come hither, miſtreſs Ford; 
miſtreſs Ford, the honeſt woman, the modeſt wife, the 
virtuous creature, that hath the jealous fool to her huſ- 
: band I ſuſpect without cauſe, miſtreſs, do I? 

Mrs. Ford. Heaven be my witneſs, you do, if you 
ſuſpe& me in any diſhoneſty. 

Ford. Well ſaid, brazen-face ; hold it out.—Come 
forth, firrah, [ Pulls the clothes out of the baſect. 

Page. This paſſes. 

Mrs. Ford. Are you not aſhamed ? let the clothes alone, 

Ford. I ſhall find you anon. 

Evans. Tis unreaſonable ! Will you take up your 
wife's clothes ? Come away. 

Ford. Empty the baſket, I ſay. 

Mrs. Ford. Why, man, why,— 

Ford. Maſter Page, as I am a man, there was one con- 
vey'd out of my houſe yeſterday in this baſket ; Why may 
not he be there again? In my houſe I am ſure he is : my 
intelligence is true; my jealouſy is reaſonable\ Pluck 
me out all the linen. 

Mrs, Ford. If you find a man there, he ſhall die a 
flea's death. 

Page. Here's no man. g 

Shal. By my fidelity, this is not well, le Ford ; 
this wrongs you *. 

Evans. Maſter F ord, you-muſt pray, and not, follow the 
| imaginations of your own heart: this is jealouſies. 

9 — this paſſes !] See p. 205, note 4. MaLoNE. 

3 this wrongs yous] This is below your character, unworthy of 
your underſtanding, injurious to your honour. So, in The Taming of 


the Shrew, Bianca, being ill treated by her rugged fiſter, ſays, 
* You wrong me much, Indeed 2 wrong yourſelf.“ Jon uso. 


Ford. 


| OF WINDSOR. 279 
Ford. Well, he's not here I ſeek for. 


Page. No, nor no where elſe but in your brain. 
Ford. Help to ſearch my houſe this one time: if I find 
not what I ſeek, ſhew no colour for my extremity, let me 


for ever be your table-ſport ; let them ſay of me, As jea- 


lous as Ford, that ſearch'd a hollow walnut for his wife's 
leman *. Satisfy me once more; once more ſearch with me. 
Mrs. Ford. What hoa, miſtreſs Page! come you, and the 
old woman down ; my huſband will come into the chamber. 
Ford. Old woman ! What old woman's that ? 
Mrs. Ford. Why, it is my maid's aunt of Brentford. 
Ford. A witch, a quean, an old cozening quean ! Have 
J not forbid her my houſe? She comes of errands, does 
ſhe? We are ſimple men; we do not know what's brought 
to paſs under the profeſſion of fortune-telling. She works 
by charms , by ſpells, by the figure, and ſuch daubery + 
as this is; beyond our element: we know nothing. 


Come down, you witch, you hag you; come down, I ſay. 


Mrs. Ford. Nay, good, ſweet huſband ;—good gen- 
tlemen, let him not ſtrike the old woman 5. 
Enter FALSTAFF in women's clothes, led by Mrs. Pace. 


Mrs. Page. Come, mother Prat, come, give me your 
hand. | = 


2 — his wife's /eman] Leman, i. e. lover, is derived from leef, Dutch, 
beloved, and man. STEEVENS. 
3 She works by charms, &c.] Concerning ſome old woman of Brent- 


ford, there are ſeveral ballads. Julian of Brentford's af il and 


Teftament was entered on the Stationers“ books in March, 1599. 
| | SrTEEVENS. 
This without doubt was the perſon here alluded to; for in the earl 
quarto Mrs. Ford ſays—“ my maid's aunt, Gillian of Brentford, hat 
a gown above.“ So alſo, in Weſtward Hoe, a com. 1607: * I doubt 
that old hag, Gillian of Braineford, has beqwitch'd me.” MALON R. 


4 — ſuch daubery—] Dauberies are Sip uiſcs So, in X. Lear, 


Edgar ſays, I cannot daub it further.” STEEvENS. 

Perhaps rather—ſuch groſs falſbood, and impoſition. In our author's 
time a dauber and a plaſterer were ſynonymous. See Minſheu's DicT. 
in v. To lay it on with a frow¾el was a phraſe of that time, applied 
to one who uttered a groſs lie. MALON E. - 

5 — let him not firike the old woman. | Not, which was inadvertently 
omitted in the firſt folio, was ſupplied by the ſecond, MaLons. 


T4 Ford. 


—— 
4 8 : — — 
— 
3 
—_ 


* - 7 - —_ - 
— — — 
— GS 


— 
= 


[ 

4 

j 

$, 
| 

' 


r'4 
1 
. 
My 
} 

1 

KM 


280 MERRY WIVES. 
Ford. I'll prat her Out of my door, ». you witch ! 
[beats him. ] you rag”, you baggage, you poulcat, you 


nyan 7 out! out! il conjure you, I'll fortune-tell you. 
Exit FALSTAFEF, 


| Mrs. Page. Are you not aſhamed? I think, you have 


kill'd the poor woman. 

Mrs. Ford. Nay, he will do it: :— Tis a er credit 
for you. | 
Ford. Hang her, witch! 


Evans. By yea and no, T think, the *oman is a witch 
indeed: I like not when a oman has a great peard; I 


ſpy a great peard under his muffler . 

Ford. Will you follow, gentlemen? I beſeech you fol- 
low; ſee but the iſſue of my jealouſy : if I cry out thus 
upon no trail?, never truſt me when I open again. 

Page. Let's obey his humour a 9 „ 1 Come, 
gentlemen. [Exeunt Pa E, Fox b, SHAL. and Evans, 

Mrs. Page. Truſt me, he beat him moſt pitifully. 

Mrs. Ford. Nay, by the maſs that he did not; he beat 


him moſt unpitifully, methought. 


Mrs. Page. III have the cudgel hallow'd, and hung 


o'er the altar; it hath done meritorious ſervice. FR 


— you rag, | This opprobrious term is again uſed in Timon of 3 4 

* Jes father, that poor rag. Mr. Rowe unneceſſarily diſmiſſed 
this word, and introduced bag in its place. MAL ONE. 

7 — ronyon I] Ronyon, — to a woman, means, as far as can 
be traced, much the ſame with ſcall or ſcab ſpoken of a man, Jon xsox. 

From Rogneux, Fr. So, in Macbeth: 

4 Aroint thee, witch, the rump- fed ronyon cries.” STEEVENS» 

8 I ſpy a great peard under his muffler. ] One of the marks of a fup- 
poſed witch was a beard. See Macheth. STEEvENS. 

Should we not read—under her muffler? MALONE. | 
As the ſecond ſtratagem, by which Falſtaff eſcapes, is' much the 
groſſer of the two, Iwiſh it had been practiſed firſt, It is very unlikely 
that Ford, having been ſo deceived before, and knowing that he had been 
deceived, would ſuffer him to eſcape in ſo flight a diſguiſe. Jonnson. 

9 — cry out thus upon no trail,] The expreſſion is taken from the 


Hunters. Trail is the ſcent left by the 222 of the game. To cry outs 


is to open or bark. JouNsoN. 


So, in Hamlet : 
« How chearfully on the falſe trail they cry: 
« Oh! this is counter, ye falſe Daniſh dogs /”? s reg. | 
Mrs. 


- 


' 


Qt WINDSOR .. : 


rant of woman-hood, and the witneſs of a good conſcience, 
purſue him with any further revenge? | | 
Mrs. Page. The ſpirit of wantonneſs is, ſure, ſcared 
out of him; if the devil have him not in fee-fimple, with 
fine and recovery, he will never, I think, in the way of 
waſte, attempt us again.. | 
Mrs. Ford. Shall we tell our huſbands how we have 
ſerved him? 0 
Mrs. Page. Ves, by all means; if it be but to ſcrape 
the figures out of your huſband's brains. If they can 
find in their hearts, the poor unvirtuous fat knight ſhall 
be any further afflicted, we two will ſtill be the miniſters. 
Mrs. Ford. I'll warrant, they*Il have him publickly 
ſhamed: and, methinks, there would be no period * to the 
jeſt, ſhould he not be publickly ſhamed. . 
Mrs. Page. Come, to the forge with it then, /ſhape 
it: I would not have things cool. [ Exeunt, 


SCENE III. 


A Room in the Garter Inn. 


Enter Hoſt and BarDoLPen. 


Bard. Sir, the Germans deſire to have three of your 


horſes : the duke himſelf will be to-morrow at court, and 

they are going to meet him. | 
Hoft. What duke ſhould that be, comes ſo ſecretly? I 

hear not of him in the court: Let me ſpeak with the gentle- 

men; they ſpeak Engliſh > | | 
Bard. Ay, fir; I'll call them to you “. 


I — in the,<vay of waſte, attempt us again.] i. e. he will not make 


further attempts to ruin us, by corrupting our virtue, and deſtroying 


our reputation. STEEVENS. 

2 — 70 period] Shakſpeare ſeems by no period, to mean, no proper 
cataſtrophe. STEEVENS. 

Our author often uſes period, for end or concluſion. So, in King 


Richard III: | 
« , let me make the period to my curſe, MALoNE. 


3 —T'll call them to you.] Old Copy- I'll call him. Corrected in 
the third folio. MALONE» 3 5 


N 8 . 


Mrs. Ford, What think you? May we, with the war- 


— 
— 


2 * E * — — bs 
— 195 "D200 = —. 22 _—_ 2 3 8 — 
5 - . - 0 2 — 4 - — — 
N _— — <> D 4 4 — 
"I. - — — — — — £S — = - — 
* ; * — — —— 92 »= —— — — — 
5 5 5 . q — _— 
22 * 2 4 - — . — 4 — 
- — = * * — —— — 
4 — — 
- * — * — — — 
9 — 6 1 — — — * 
— — * 
— — — — . — were « 
— — — — — 


- 


* 


—— 


91 
. 
Wk 
al 
* 
T4 
4 
p 
v4. 
+7 
# » 
* 


22 MERRY WIVES 

Ho. They ſhall have my horſes; but I'll make them 
pay, I'll ſauce them: they have had my houſes a week at 
command: I have turn'd away my other gueſts : they 
muſt come off + ; I'll ſauce them: Come.  [Exeunt, 


5 ; SCENE IV. 
A Room iz Ford's Houſe, 


Enter Pacz, Forp, Mrs. Pace, Mrs. For, and Sir 
Hugh Evans. | ” 
Zan. Tis one of the beſt diſcretions of a *oman as 
ever I did look upon. | y 
PILL ah And did he ſend you both theſe letters at an in- 
Kant? | | 
Mrs. Page. Within a quarter of an hour. 
Ford. Pardon me, wife: Henceforth do what thou wilt; 
J rather will ſuſpect the ſan with cold 5, on 
Than thee with wantonneſs : now doth thy honour ſtand, 
In him that was of late an heretick, _ 
As firm as faith. | 
Page. *Tis well, *tis well; no more. 
Be not as Extreme in ſubmiſſion, 
As in offence; ; 
But let our plot go forward: let our wives 
Yet once again, to make us publick ſport, 
8 a meeting with this old fat fellow, 
Where we may take him, and diſgrace him for it. 
Ford. There is no better way than that they ſpoke of. 
Page. How! to ſend him word they'll meet him in the 
park at midnight! Fie, fie; he'll never come. 


4 — they muſt come off;] To come off, is, to pay. In this ſenſe it is 

- uſed by Decker, Heywood, Middleton, Maſſinger, and other comick 

writers. STEEVENS. oe | | 
In John Heywood's play of the Four P's, the pedlar ſays, 
5 if you be willing to · buy, 


, « Lay down money; come off quickly.” FARMER. 
| _ The phraſe is uſed by Chaucer, Friar's Tale, 338, edit. Urry. 


 TynxwiTT. 


5 — with cold, ] The old copy reads—gold, The emendation is 
Mr, Rowe's. MaLonE. ry 


Evans. 


/ OK... as 
Ewans. You ſay, he has been thrown in the rivers; and 
has been grievouſly peaten, as an old *oman: methinks, 
there ſhould be terrors in him, that he ſhould not come; 
methinks, his fleſh is puniſh'd, he ſhall have no deſires. 
Page. So think I too. | 
Mrs. Ford, Deviſe but how you'll uſe him when he 
| Comes. ©: f 
And let us two deviſe to bring him thither. 
Mrs. Page. There is an old tale goes, that Herne the 
hunter, | 
Sometime a keeper here in Windſor foreſt, 
Doth all the winter time, at ftill midnight, 
Walk round about an oak, with great ragg'd horns ; 
And there he blaſts the tree, and takes the cattle ® ; 
And makes milch-kine yield blood, and ſhakes a chain 
In a moſt hideous and dreadful manner : | 
You have heard of ſuch a ſpirit; and well you know, 
The ſuperſtitious idle-headed eld? 
Receiv'd, and did deliver to our age, 
This tale of Herne the hunter for a truth. 
Page. Why, yet there want not many, that do fear 
In deep of night to walk by this Herne's oak: 
But what of this? 18 85 
Mrs. Ford. Marry, this is our device; 
That Falſtaff at that oak ſhould meet with us, 
Diſguis'd like Herne, with huge horns on his head 5. 


P ages 


6 wand takes the cattle J To take, in Shakſpeare, ſignifies to ſeize 
or ſtrike with a diſeaſe, to blaſt. So, in Lear ; 

6 Strike her young bones, 

cc Ve taking airs, with lameneſs.” JonnsON. | 

7 — idle-headed ed] Eld ſeems to be uſed here, for what our poet 
calls in Macheth—the olden time. It is employed in Meaſure for Ma- 
ſure, to expreſs age and decripitude : 5 

6s — doth beg the alms 
« Of palſied eld. STEEVENS. 

I rather imagine it is uſed here for old perſons. MAL ONE. 

8 Diſguis'd like Herne, with huge horns on bis bead.] This line, 
which is not in the folio, was properly reſtored from the old quarto by 
Mr. Theobald. He at the ſame time introduced another,.“ We'll 
ſend him word to meet us in the field,” - which is clearly unneceſſary, 

| and 


24 MERRY. WIVES: 


Page. Well, let it not be doubted but he'll come, 
And 1n this ſhape : When you have brought him thither, - 
What ſhall be done with him? what is your plot ? 
Mrs, Page. That likewiſe have we thought upon, and 
| us: | 
Nan Page my daughter, and my little ſon, 
And three or four more of their growth, we'll dreſs 
Like urchins, ouphes?, and fairies, green and white, 
With rounds of waxen tapers on their heads, 
And rattles in their hands; upon a ſudden, 
As Falſtaff, ſhe, and I, are newly met, 
Let them from forth a ſaw-pit ruſh at once 
With ſome diffuſed ſong *; upon their fight, 
We two in great amazedneſs will fly: 
Then let them all encircle him about, 
And, fairy-like, to-pinch the unclean knight“; 
And aſk him, why, that hour of fairy revel, 
In their fo ſacred paths he dares to tread 
In ſhape prophane. 


and indeed improper; for the word field relates to two preceding lines 
of the quarto, which have not been introduced: : 
& Now, for that Falſtaff has been ſo deceiv'd, 
6 As that he dares not venture to the bouſe, 

“ We'll ſend him word to meet us in the field.” MAL ONE. 

9 urcbins, oup bes, —] The primitive ſignification of urchin is a 
hedge-hog. Hence it comes to fignify any thing little and dwarfiſh. 

Oupb is the Teutonic word for a fairy or goblin. STEEVENS. \ 

1 With ſome diffuſed ſong ;] i, e. wild, irregular, diſcordant. 
That this was the meaning of the word, I have ſhewn in a note on 
another play by a paſſage from one of Greene's pamphlets, in which he 
calls a dreſs of which the different parts were made after the faſhions 
of different countries, “ a diffu 1 attire.” MALONE. 

2 And, fairy-like, to-pinch the unclean knight ;] This uſe of to in 
compoſition with verbs, is -very common in Gower and Chaucer, but 
muſt have been rather antiquated in the time of Shakſpeare, Sce 
Gower, De Confeſſione Amantis, B. iv. fol. 7. 

& All to- tore is myn araie.“ 

And Chaucer, Reeves Tale, 1169: 

6. mouth and noſe fo-broke.” TyRWwHITT. 

This uſe of the prepoſition to was not entirely antiquated in our 
author's time. See Spenſer, B. IV. c. 7. B. V. c. 8. STEEVENS. 

So Milton, in his Maſque : | 5 857 : 

% Were all to-ruffled, and ſometimes impair'd. Maron 7 a 

5 Fis 


OF WINDSOR. 285 
| Mrs. Ford. And till he tell the truth, 
Let the ſuppoſed fairies pinch him ſound e, 
And burn Elm with their tapers. 
Mrs. Page. The truth being known, 
We'll all preſent ourſelves; diſ-horn the ſpirit, 
And mock him home to Windſor. 
Ford. 'The children muſt 
Be practis' d well to this, or they'll ne'er dot. fx 
Evans. I will teach the children their behaviours ; and I 
will be like a jack-an-apes alſo, to burn the knight n 
my taber. 
Ford. That will be excellent. III go buy them vi- 
zards. 
Mrs. Page. My Nan ſhall be the queen of all the fairies, 
Finely attired in a robe of white. 
Page. That filk will I go buy; and in that time + 
Shall maſter Slender ſteal my Nan away,  [Afide. 
And marry her at Eton.— Go, ſend to Falſtaff ſtraight. 
Ford. Nay, I'll to him again in name of Brook: 
He'll tell me all his purpoſe : Sure he' Il come. 
Mrs. Page. Fear not you that: Go get us properties 5 
And tricking for our fairies “. 
Evans. Let us about it: It is admirable pleaſures, and 
fery honeſt knaveties. 
[ Exeunt Pucci, Fox, and Evans. 
Mrs. — Go, miſtreſs Ford, 
Send Quickly to Sir John, 1 to know his mind. 
Exit Mrs. Fon p. 
Pll to the doctor; he hath my good will, 
And none but he, to marry with Nan Page. 
That Slender, though well landed, is an ideot; 
And he my huſband beſt of all affects: | 
The doctor is well money d, and his friends 


3. — pinch bim ſound,] i. e. i The adjective ud as an 
adverb, STEEVENS. 
414 and, in that time] That time relates to the time of the maſk 
with which Falſtaff was to be entertained. WARBURTON. 
5 Properties] Properties are little incidental neceſſaries to a 
theatre, excluſive of ſcenes and drefles. STEEVENS. N 
9 n for our faries.] To tricks is to dreſs out. STEzzvans. 


Potent 


= 
— 2 
— — 
—— 3 
„ 


—— — 
— 


— 


— — —— — — m 


1 9 
— — 
— = 


_ __— x wenn 4 
2 — 3 — 
2 PR "ROY 
- -- ===> _— - 
> - — — 
—— — — 
— — 
—— — — 
* "RT 
UYMS4E Lad Law F 


— 
— 


2386 MERRY WEVES. 
Potent at court; he, none but he, ſhall have her, 
Though twenty ' thouſand worthier come to crave her. 


ond 
SCENE v. 
A Room in the Garter Inn. 


Enter Hoſt and S1 M PLE. 


Hoft. What would*ſt thou have, boor? what, .thick- 
Kin*? ſpeak, breathe, diſcuſs; brief, ſhort, quick, ſnap. 

Simp. Marry, ſir, I come to ſpeak with fir John Fal- 
ſtaff from Maſter Slender. 

Hoft. There's his chamber, his houſe, his caſtle; his 
ſtanding- bed, and truckle-bed* ; *tis painted about with 
the {tory of the prodigal, freſh and: new : Go, knock and 
call; he Il ſpea Ae an Authropephaginian ? unto thee; 
Knock, Ic 

- imp. There's an edv a fat woman gone up into 
his chamber; I'll be ſo bold as ftay, fir, till ſne come 
down: I come to ſpeak with her, indeed. 
Hot. Ha! a fat woman ! the knight may be robb'd : 
PH call.—Bully knight! Bully fir John! ſpeak from thy 
lungs military : Art thou there? it is thine er thine 
Epheſian *, calls. 

Fal. [ above.) How now, mine hoſt ? | 

Heß. Here's a r tarries the coming 

: A EE + "down 


7 — What, rbick- Ain 21 1 Malchin _— term of abaſe i in Warner” $ 
Albion England, 1602, book vi. chap. 30: 
0 That he ſo foul a chic in Would fo fair a lady catch.“ STEEv. 
— Panding bed, and truckle-bed ;] The uſual furniture of cham- 
1 in that time was a ſtanding- bed, under which was a trochel, truckle, 
or running-bed. In the ftanding-bed lay the maſter, and in the truckle- 
bed the ſervant. So, in Hall's Account of a ſervile ane : 
« He lieth in the trauckle-bed, f 5 
& While his young maſter lieth o'er his 3 Jonxsox. 
. 9" Antbropophaginian— ]\ i. e. a cannibal. See Othello, Act I. ſc. iii. 
It i is here uſed as a ſounding word to aftoniſh Simple. STEEvENSs. 
bine Ephefian,] This was a cant term of the time. So, in X. 
Henry IV. P. II. Act II. ſc. ii. P. Henry, What company ? Page. 
Epbefians, my lord, of the old church.“ See the note there. MALONE- 
I ww Bobemian-T artar—] The French call a Bobemian what we call 
a Gypſey ; but I believe the Hoſt means nothing more than, by a wild 
appellation, to inſinuate that Simple makes a ſtrange appearance. Jon n 8. 


* 


- 


OF WINDSOR. 287 


down of thy fat woman: Let her deſcend, bully, Let her 
deſcend ; my chambers are honourable: Fie! privacy ? fie! 


Enter Fals TAE. 


Fal. There was, mine hoſt, an old fat woman even now 
with me; but ſhe's gone. | 82 


ford *? | | | | 
Fal. Ay, marry was it, muſſel-ſhell 3 ; What would 
you with her? | . 1 
Simp. My maſter, fir, my maſter Slender, ſent to her, 
| ſeeing her go thorough the ſtreets, to know, fir, whether 
one Nym, fir, that beguiled him of a chain, had the 
chain, or no. . 1 5 
Fal. I ſpake with the old woman about it. 
Simp. And what ſays ſhe, I pray, fir? 
Fal. Marry, ſhe ſays, that the very ſame man, that 
beguiled — 1 5 Slender of his chain, cozen'd him of it. 
Simp. I would, I could have ſpoken with the woman her- 
7 ; I had other things to have ſpoken with her too, from 
= | | e 
Fal. What are they? let us know... 
Hoft. Ay, come; quick. | 
Simp. I may not conceal them, fir*. 
Hoſt. Conceal them, or thou dieſt. 3 
Simp. Why, ſir, they were nothing but about miſtreſs 
Anne Page; to know, if it were my maſter's fortune to 
have her, or no. « No! N Sv 7 


In Germany, there were ſeyeral companies of vagabonds, &c. called 
Tartars and Zigens. © Theſe are the ſame in my opinion,” ſays Meze- 
ray, © as thoſe the French call Bobemians, and the Engliſh Gypſies. Bul- 
te?I's Tranſlation of Mezeray's Hiſt. of France, ad. an. 1417. Tot LEK. 
be wiſe woman of Brentford ?] In our author's time female 
dealers in palmiſtry and fortune-telling were uſually denominated <oiſe 
women» So the perſon from whom Heywood*s play of The wiſe woman 
of Hog ſdon, 1638, takes its title, is employed in anſwering many ſuch 
queſtions as are the object of Simple's enquiry. RED. . 
* — — ] He calls poor Simple muſſel-ſpell, becauſe he ſtands 
with his mouth open. E ng „„ 

* Simp. I may &c.] In the old copy this ſpeech is given to Falſtaff. 
Corrected by Mr, Rowe. I mention this error, becauſe it juſtifies other 


Uimilar correQions that have been made, See pp. 194, 276. gMaronz. 
| e fe ns Et A 


Simp. Pray you, fir, was't not the wiſe woman of Brent- 


+ wit. fo. 
2 = 


— — 


— 
— 
— — 


„* 1 8 * - * 1 - * p == 
2 — : — — 2 2 — 2 5 . — 
— 22 2 : — n > - = 2 — — 
— ” -4 = * — - = —— 
— — a w — — 
— - ” ; — — 
1 : = — 2 9 —— —— 
25 & « TS — — —' 2 - — 
— * . ” 0 . b " — — = 
* * — = — ta — >, — 
— N » _ = = my — 
— . 2 — was — pa 
* — — — — . . — . — = 


— 
— 4 R 
— — — 
— — 
— — 
> W — 
U . 


W119 
1 


667“ 
N 
MT © 4 
i. 7 
* ix 1 
: s 
4 4 
1 
0 


5 


rer 
Fal. Tis, *tis his fortune. hv 
* Simp. What, ſir? 1 . 

Fal. To have her, —or no: Go; ſay, the woman told 

' $i:mp. May I be ſo bold to ſay fo, fir? 
Fal. Ay, fir Tike 5 who more bold +? 

Simp. I thank your worſhip: I ſhall make my maſter 
glad with theſe tidings. 7 [Exit StMPLE.. 

Hoft. Thou art clerkly*, thou art clerkly, fir John: 
Was there 4 wiſe woman with thee 7? be 
Fal. Ay, that there was, mine hoſt; one, that hath 
taught me more wit than ever I learn'd before in my 
life : and I paid nothing for it neither, but was paid * for 
1618 Enter BAR DOIT HR. _ 
Bard. Out, alas, fir! cozenage! meer cozenage ! 
10 Hoſt. Where be my horſes? ſpeak well of them, var- 
 1etto. 3 : 
Bard, Run away with the cozeners : for ſo ſoon as I came 
beyond Eton, they threw me off, from behind one of 
them, in a con. of mire; and ſet ſpurs, and away, like 
three German devils, three Doctor Fauſtus's?. 

Hof. They are gone but to meet the duke, villain : do 
not {ay, they be fled; Germans are honeſt men, 
3 20475 Enter Sir Hugh Evans. 

Evans. Where is mine hoſt ? JR, 
 Hoft. What is the matter, fir? | TE 
_ Evans. Have a care of your entertainments: there is a 


4 Ay, Sir Tike z bo more bold ?] The folio reads Ay, Sir, like &c. 
The emendation, which is ſupported by the old quarto, (where we find 
Ay, Tike, &c.) was ſuggeſted by Dr, Farmer, ALONE» 
$5 m—= clerhly,] i. e. ſcholar-like. STEEZVENS. | 
| 6 T paid nothing for it neither, but was paid—] He alludes to the 
beating which he had juſt received. The ſame play on words occurs in 
Cymbeline, Act V. © ſorry you have paid too much, and ſorry that 
vou are paid too much.” STEZVINS. ; OE 

To pay in our author's time often fignified to beat. So, in X. Henry IV., 
P. I. «© — ſeven of the eleven I puid. See Vol. II. p- 183. MAroxx. 
7 — thite German devils, three Docror Fauftus's.] Fobn Fauſt, com- 
monly called Do#or Fauſtus, was'a Germans STzzvanNs. . 
A c friend 


G7 WINDSOR: . 289 
friend of mine come to town, tells me, there is three 
couzin germans, that has cozen'd all the hoſts of Read- 
ings, of Maidenhead, of Colebrook, of horſes and mo- 
ney. I tell you for good will, look you: you are wiſe, 
and full of gibes and vlouting- ſtogs; and *tis not conve- 
nient you ſhould be cozen'd : Fare you well. [ Exit. 

| _ Enter Carvs. 3 


Caius, Vere is mine Hoſt de Farterre? 3 

Hoft. Here, maſter doctor, in perplexity, and doubtful 
dilemma. - | 

Caius, I cannot tell vat is dat: But it is tell-a me, dat 
you make grand preparation for a duke de Farmany : by 


my trot, dere is no duke, dat the court is know to come: 
I tell you for good vill: adieu. Exit. 


Hoft. Hue and cry, villain, go: —aſſiſt me, knight; I 
am undone :—fly, run, hne and cry, villain! I am un- 
done! [ Zæeunt Hoſt, and BAR DOLPRH. 


Fal. I would, all the world might be cozen'd; for I have 


been cozen'd, and beaten too. If it ſhonld come to the 


ear of the court, how I have been transform'd, and how- 


my transformation hath been waſh'd and cudgel'd, they 
would melt me out of my fat, drop by drop, and liquor 
fiſhermen's boots with me; I warrant, they would whip 
me with their fine wits, till I were as creſt-fall'n as a dry'd 
pear. I never proſper'd ſince I foreſwore myſelf at Pri- 
meros. Well, if my wind were but long enough to ſay 
my prayers?, I would repent, ; | | 

| Enter 


3 at Primero. ] A game at cards. JonNnsoN. 


Primero was in Shakſpeare's time the faſhionable game. In the 


Earl of Northumberland's letters about the powder plot, Joſc. Percy 
was playing at Primero on a Sunday, when his uncle the confpirator 
called on him at Eſſex Houſe. This game is again mentioned in our 
author's Henry VIII. Prev. 

Primero and Primawiſia, two games of cardes. Primum. et primum 
viſum, that is, firſt, and firſt ſeene, becauſe he that can ſhew ſuch an 
order of cardes, wins the game.“ See Minſheu's DIc T. 1617,—In the 
Sydney Papers, Vol. II. p. $3, is the following account of an alter- 


sation that happened between our poet's generous patron, and one Wil- 


loughby, at this game: „ The quarrel of my Lord Southampton to 
Vor. I. U | | Ambroſs 


. 
n 


” — — — a = 
— - ; 4 — 
— : I — 2 * 2 — 3 
HY com N 3 — 
— — - — 


* LOANS . - 
a” AJ l 
«Ds, A 
gs Wen Sn ot een oat — — 


—— 


— 


— ——— 


20 MERRY WIVES 


Enter Miftre/ſs QuickLY. 
Now! whence come you? 5 
Quick. From the two parties, forſooth. | 
Ful. The devil take one party, and his dam the other, 
and fo they ſhall be both beſtow'd ! I have ſuffer'd more 
for their ſakes, more, than the villainous inconſtancy of 
man's diſpoſition 1s able to bear. 
_ _ Duick, And have not they ſuffer'd? Yes, I warrant ; 
ſpeciouſly one of them; miſtreſs Ford, good heart, is 
beaten black and blue, that you cannot ſee a white ſpot 


about her. 
Fal. What tell'ſt thou me of black and blue? I was 


beaten myſelf into all the colours of the rainbow ; and I 
was like to be apprehended for the witch of Brentford ; 
but that my admirable dexterity of wit, my counterfeiting 
the action of an old woman *, deliver'd me, the knave 
conſtable had ſet me i' the ſtocks, i'the common ſtocks, 


for a witch. 
Buick. Sir, let me fpeak with you in your chamber : 
you {hall hear how things go; and I warrant, to your con- 


Ambroſe Willoughby grew upon this: That he, with Sir Walter Raw- 
tey and Mr. Parker, being at Primero in the preſence-chamber, the 
queen was gone to bed; and he being there, as ſquire of the body, de- 
fired them to give over. Soon after he ſpoke to them againe, that if 
they would not leave, he would call in the guard to pull down the bord; 
which Sir Walter Rawley ſeeing, put up his money, and went his 
wayes; but my lotd Southampton took exceptions at hym, and told 
hym, he would remember yt: and ſo finding hym between the Tennis- 
Court wall and the garden, ſtrooke him; and Willoughby pull'd of ſome 
of his lockes. This happened in the beginning of 1598. MATLONE. 

9 to ſay my prayers, | Theſe words were reſtored from the early quar- 
to by Mr. Pope. They were probably omitted in the folio-on account 
of the Stat. 3. Jace I. ch. 21. Maronz. 

I action of an old woman,] Mr. Theobald reads wold- woman, 
1. e. frantick, crazy; but the reading of the old copy is fully ſupported by 
what Falſtaff ſays afterwards to Ford: (I went to her, Maſter Brook, 
as you ſee, like a poor old man; but I came from her, Maſter Brook, 
like a poor old woman.” MAL oO. 

"Falſtaff by counterfeiting. ſuch-weakneſs and infirmity, aa, would 
naturally be pitied in an old woman, averted the puniſhment to which 

he would otherwiſe have been ſubjected, on the ſuppoſition that he was 

a witch, STEEVENS. | ED 

| | tent, 


OF WINDSOR 197 
tent. Here is aletter will ſay ſomewhat. Good hearts, 
what ado here 1s to bring you together ! Sure, one of you 
does not ſerve heaven well*, that you are ſo croſs'd. 

Fal. Come up into my chamber. I [ Exeunt, 


SCENE VI. 
: Another Room in the Garter Inn, 


Enter FexnToN and Hoſt. 

Hot. Maſter Fenton, talk not to me; my mind is 
heavy, I will give over all. 

Fent, Vet hear me ſpeak: Aſſiſt me in my purpoſe, 
And, as I am a gentleman, I'Il give thee _ 
A hundred pound in gold, more than your loſs, - | 

Hoſt. IT will hear you, maſter Fenton; and I will, at 
the leaſt, keep your counſel. | ks 

Fent. From time to time] have acquainted you 
With the dear love I bear to fair Anne Page; 
Who, mutually, hath anſwered my affection 
(So far forth as herſelf might be her chooſer,) 
Even to my wiſh: I have a letter from her 
Of ſuch contents as you will wonder at; 5 
The mirth whereof's * ſo larded with my matter, 
That neither, ſingly, can be manifeſted, 
Without the ſhew of both; — wherein fat Falſtaff 3 


2 Sure, one of you does not ſerve heaven well, &c.] The great fault of 
this play is ee of expreſſions ſo profane, that no neceſſity of 
preſerving character can juſtify them. There are laws of higher au- 
thority than thoſe of criticiſm. JoꝝN SGN. 

* The mirth whereof 's—)] Old Copy-—evbereof. The correction is 
Mr. Pope's. I am not ſure that it is neceſſary, Whereef might have 
been uſed as we ſhould now uſe thereofs “ The mirth thereof being ſo 

larded,” &c. MAL ONE. | | 
* "ll — wherein fat Falſtaff &c. 7 
Hath a great ſcene :] The firſt folio reads: 
Without the ſhew of both: fat Falſtaff &c. 

I have ſupplied the word that was probably omitted at the prefs, from 

the early quarto, where, in the correſponding place, we find 
Wherein fat Falſtaff hath a mighty ſcare ¶ ſcene]. - 
The editor of the ſecond folio, to ſupply the metre, atbritrarily reads, 

Without the ſhew of both: — fat Sir Jobn Falftaff—., Maronz. 

| . 1 Hath 


292 , MERRY WIVES 
Hath a great ſcene: the image of the jeſt + 
| : : [| Shewing the letter. 
Il ſhew you here at large. Hark, good mine hoft : 
To-night at Herne's oak, juſt *twixt twelve and one, 
Muſt my ſweet Nan preſent the fairy queen 
The purpoſe why, is here?; in which diſguiſe, 
While other jeſts are ſomething rank on foot ©, 
Her father hath commanded her to ſlip 
Away with Slender, and with him at Eton 
Immediately to marry: ſhe hath conſented : 
Now, Sir, | 
Her mother, even ſtrong againſt that match?, 
And firm for Doctor Caius, hath appointed 
That he ſhall likewiſe ſhuffle her away, 
While other ſports are taſking of their minds *, 
And at the deanery, where a prieſt attends, 
Straight marry her: to this her mother's plot 
She, ſeemingly obedient, likewiſe hath 
Made promiſe to the doQtor :—Now, thus it reſts : 
Her father means ſhe ſhall be all in white; 
And in that habit, when Slender ſees his time 
To take her by the hand, and bid her go, 
She ſhall go with him :—her mother hath intended, 
The better to denote 9 her to the doctor, | 
| | | (For 
4 — the image of the jeſt] Image is repreſentation. So, in K. Rich- 
ard III: 5 - ; : | 
« And liv'd by looking on his images.” STEE VERS. 
Theſe words allude to a cuſtom ſtill in uſe, of hanging out painted re- 
preſentations of ſhows. HEeNnLEv. | 
5 is here z] i. e. in the letter, SrEEVENS. 1 | 
pile other jet are ef, ee on foot, ] i. e. while they are 
hotly purſuing other merriment of their wn. STEEVENS. | 
7 —even ftrong againſt that match,)] Even ſtrong, is as ftrong, wwith 
a ſimilar degree of ſtrengtb. So, in Hamlet, ©* even chriſtian” is fellow 
| Chriſtian. STEEVE NWS. | | | 
s — taſking of their minds,] So, in another play of our author: 
16 ſome things of weight, : 
«« That taſk our thoughts concerning us and France.“ STExy. 
9 to denote—] In the Miſs. of our author's age = and ꝝ were form- 
ed ſo very much alike, that they are ſcarcely diſtinguiſnable. Hence it 
was, that in the old copies of theſe plays one of theſe letters is — 
| 7 


OF WINDSOR. 293 


(For they muſt all be maſk'd and vizarded,) 
That, quaint in green *, ſhe ſhall be looſe enrobed, 
With ribbands pendant, flaring *bout her head ; 
And when the doctor ſpies his vantage ripe, 
To pinch her by the hand, and, on that token, 
The maid hath given conſent to go with him. | 
Hoft. Which means ſhe to deceive ? father or mother? 
- Fent. Both, my good hoſt, to go along with me: 

And here it reſts, - that you'll procure the vicar 
To ſtay for me at church, *twixt twelve and one, 
And, in the lawful name of marrying, 
To give our hearts united ceremony. 

Hot. Well, huſband your device; I'll to the vicar : 
Bring you the maid, you ſhall not lack a prieſt. 

Fent. So ſhall I evermore be bound to thee ; 
Beſides, I'll make a preſent recompence. . [ Exeurt, 


ly put for the other. From the cauſe aſſigned, or from an accidental 
inverſion of the letter at the preſs, the firſt folio in the preſent inſtance 
reads deuote, u being conſtantly employed in that copy inſtead of v. 


The ſame miſtake has happened in ſeveral other places. Thus, in Much 


ado about Nothing, 162.3, we find, «© he is turu'd orthographer,” inſtead 


of turn'd. Again, in Othello“ to the contemplation, mark, and deuote- 


ment of her parts, inſtead of denotement. Again, in King 7obn : This 
expeditious charge, inſtead of expedition'ss Again, ibid: inwoluerable 
for invulnerable, Again, in Hamlet, 1605, we meet with this very 
word put by an error of the preſs for denote : | 

& Together with all forms, modes, ſhapes of grief, 

c That can deuote me truly.” _ | 

The preſent emendation, which was ſuggeſted by Mr. Steevens, is 

fully ſupported by a ſubſequent paſſage quoted by him: “ the white 
will de:ipher her well enough.” MALONE. 


I — quaint in e may mean fantaſtically dreſt in green. So, 


in Milton's Maſque at Ludlow Caſtle: 
£6 leſt the place, 
« And this quaint habit, breed aſtoniſhment,” 
In the Twoo Gentlemen of Verona, Act III. ſc. i. guaintly is uſed for 


 Ingeniouſly: _ : 
| 46 — 2 ladder guaintly made of cords.” STEEVENSs 
In Daniel's SonxneTs, 1594, it is uſed for fantaſtick: 
Prayers prevail not with a guaint diſdain.” MALONEs 


1 ACT 


294 MERRY WIVES 
ACT v.  &CENE-L 


A Room in the Garter Inn. 
Enter FaisTAFF and Mrs, QUICKLY. 


Fal. Pr'ythee, no more prattling ;—go.—T'l] hold: 
This is the third time; I hope, good luck lies in odd 
numbers. Away, go; they ſay, there is divinity in odd 
numbers, either in nativity, chance, or death.—Away. 

Quick. I'll provide you a chain; and I'll do what I can 
to get you a pair of horns. | 2 

Fal. Away, I ſay; time wears: hold up your head, 
and mince *. [Exit Mrs, QuiCkLY, 
| Enter Fox bp. 


How now, maſter Brook? Maſter Brook, the matter will 
be known to-night, or never. Be you in the Park about 
midnight, at Herne's oak, and you ſhall ſee wonders. 

Ford. Went you not to her yeſterday, fir, as you told 
me you had appointed ? | | 

Fal, I went to her, maſter Brook, as you ſee, like a 
poor old man: but I came from her, maſter Brook, like a 
poor old woman. That ſame knave, Ford her huſband, 
bach the fineſt mad devil of jealouſy in him, maſter 
Brook, that ever govern'd frenzy. I will tell you.—He 
beat me grievouſly, in the ſhape of a woman; for in the 
ſhape of man, maſter Brook, I fear not Goliah with a 
weaver's beam ; becauſe I know allo, life is a ſhuttle. I 
am in haſte; go along with me; IL'II tell you all, maſter 
Brook. Since I pluck'd geeſe, play's truant, and whipp'd 
top, I knew not what *twas to be beaten, till lately. Fol- 
low me: [I'll tell you ſtrange things of this knave Ford; 
on whom to-night I will be revenged, and I will deliver 
his wife into your hand. Follow: Strange things in 
hand, maſter Brook ! follow. _ Exennt. 


T — bold up your bead, and mince.] To mince is to walk with affect- 
ed delicacy. So, in the Merchant of Venice: 
6 turn two mincing ſteps 
& Into a manly firide,” STEEVENS, 


SCENE 


O F WINDSOR. = —- 
SCENES IE 
” VMindſor Park. 
Enter PAGE, SHALLOW, and SLENDER. 


Page. Come, come; we'll couch i' the caftle-ditch, till 
we ſee the light of our fairies.— Remember, ſon Slender, 
my daughter *. | 1 

Slen. Ay, forſooth ; I have ſpoke with her, and we have 
a nay-word 3, how to know one another. I come to her in 
white, and cry, mum ; ſhe cries, budget; and by that 
we know one another. h 

$hal. That's good too; But what needs either your 
mum, or her budget ? the white will decipher her well 
enough.—lIt hath ſtruck ten o'clock. | 

Page. The night 1s dark ; light and ſpirits will become 
it well. Heaven proſper our ſport! No man means evil 
but the devil“, and we ſhall know him by his horns. 
Let's away; follow me. [Exeunt, 


SCENE III. 
The Street in Windſor. 


Enter Miftre/s Pa GE, Mrs. Fox D, and Dr. Calys, 


Mrs, Page. Maſter doctor, my daughter is in green: 
when you ſee your time, take her by the hand, away with 
her to the deanery, and diſpatch it quickly: Go before 


into the park; we two mult go together. 
Caius. I know vat I have to do; Adieu. 
Mrs. Page. Fare you well, fir, [Exit Caivs.] My 


2 — my daughter.) The word daughter was inadvertently omitted in 
the firſt folio. The emendation was made by the editor of the ſecond. 
; | | MALONE. 
3 — a nay-word,s] i. e. a watch-word, Mrs, Quickly has already 
uſed it in this ſenſe, STVEEvENS. 
4 No man means evil but the dewil,] In the ancient interludes and 
moralities, the beings of ſupreme power, excellence, or depravity, are 
| occaſionally ſtyled men. So, in Much Ado about Nothing, Dogberry 
lays, God's a good mar.” Again, in Feronimo, or the Firſt Part of 
the Spaniſh Tragedy, 1605: | 
6 You're the laſt man I thought on, ſave the devil. STEEVENSs 


U 4 1 huſband 


— 
— 2 — 
2 — ah 
n = — 
— — — 


— — — . 


— — — E — 
* — 


e 


ö 
| 
| 


—— — 


F 
2 
— 


296 MERRY WIVES 
huſband will not rejoice ſo much at the abuſe of Falſtaff, 
as he will chafe at the doctor's marrying my daughter; 
but tis no matter; better a little chiding, than a great 
deal of heart-break. | : | 
Mrs. Ford. Where is Nan now, and her troop of fai- 
ries ? and the Welch devil, Hugh ? 
Mere. Page. They are all couch'd in a pit hard by 
Herne's OF 5, with obſcured lights ; which, at the very 
inſtant of Falſtaff's and our meeting, they will at once 
diſplay to the night. _ 

Mr. Ford. That cannot chooſe but amaze him, | 

Mrs. Page. If he be not amazed, he will be mock'd; if 
he be amazed, he will every way be mock'd. 
Mrs. Ford. We'll betray him finely. | 

Mrs. Page. Againſt ſuch lewdſters, and their lechery, 
Thoſe that betray them do no treachery. 

Mrs. Ford, The hour draws on; To the oak, to the 


oak! | [ Exeunt, 
SCENE IV. 
Windſor Part. 
Enter Sir Hugh Evans, and Fairies. 

Bvans. Trib, trib, fairies; come; and remember 
your parts: be pold, I pray you; follow me into the pit; 
and when I give the watch-'ords, do as I pid you; Come, 
come; trib, trib. ¶Zæeunt. 
| SCENE: V. 

Another part of the Park, 
Enter FaLSTAFF diſguis'd, with a buck*s head on. 
Fal. The Windſor bell hath ſtruck twelve; the minute 


5 — and the Welch devil, Hugh? ] So afterwards :- © Well ſaid, fairy 
Hugh.” The old copy reads—and the Welch devil Herne. Theobald 
W the error, and ſubſtituted Evans. MALONE. 
I T ſuppoſe only the letter H. was ſet down in the Mſ; and therefore, 
inſtead of Hugb (which ſeems to be the true reading,) the editors ſub- 
Kituted Herne. STEEVENS, 4 | 
i a pit hard by Herne's oak, ] Ah oa, which may be that alluded 
to by Shakſpeare, is ſtill ſtanding cloſe to a pit in Windſor Foreſt, It 
is yet ſhewn as the oak of Herne, STEEVENS, Es 
183 | draws 


or WINDSOR: 297 
draws on: Now, the hot-blooded gods aſſiſt me !—Re. 


member, Jove, thou waſt a bull for thy Europa; love ſet 
on thy horns.—O powerful love ! that, in ſome reſpects, 


makes a beaſt a man; in ſome other, a man a beaſt. 


You were alſo, Jupiter, a ſwan, for the love of Leda; 
O omnipotent love! how near the god drew to the com- 
plexion of a gooſe ?—A fault done firſt in the form of a 
beat ;—O Jove, a beaſtly fault! and then another fault 
in the ſemblance of a fowl; think on't, Jove ; a foul 
fault. When gods have hot backs, what ſhall poor men 
do?? For me, I am here a Windlor ſtag ; and the fatteſt, 
J think, i' the foreſt : Send me a cool rut-time, Jove, or 
who can blame me to piſs my tallow *? Who comes here? 


my doe ? 
Enter Miſtreſs Fox D and Miftreſs Pace. 
Mrs. Ford. Sir John? art thou there, my deer? my 


male deer ? 3 
Fal. My doe with the black ſcut ?—Let the ſky rain 


potatoes; let it thunder to the tune of Green Sleeves; 
hail kiſſing-comfits, and ſnow eringoes ; let there come a 
tempeſt of provocation ?, I will ſhelter me here, | 

b | [embracing here 


Mrs. 


7 When gods have hot backs, what ſhall poor men do?] Shakſpeare 
had perhaps in his thoughts the argument which Cherea employed in a 
ſimilar ſituation. TER. Eun. Act III. ſe. v: 

c Quia confimilem luſerat | 
6e * olim ille ludum, impendio magis animus gaudebat mihi 
«© Deum ſeſe in hominem convertiſſe, atque per alienas tegulas 

& Venifle clanculum per impluvium, fucum factum mulieri. 

« At quem deum ? qui templa cœli ſumma ſonitu concutit. 

& Ego ho:muncio hoc non facerem ? Ego vero illud ita feci, ac lubens.“ 

A tranſlation of Terence was publiſhed in 1598, MAL ONE. 

d Seud m6 a cool rut-time, Fowvez or who can blame me to piſs my 
fallow ?] This, I find, is technical. In Tuberville's Booke of Hunt- 
ing, 1575: © During the time of their rut, the harts live with ſmall 
ſuttenance. The red muſhroome helpeth well to make them fie their 
greace, they are then in ſo vehement heate, &c.” FARMER. 

In Ray's Collection of Proverbs, the phraſe is yet further explained: 
« He has piſs'd his zallow. This is ſpoken of bucks who grow lean 
after rutting-time, and may be applied to men.“ STzEvEns. 

9 Let the fly rain potatoes; - hail kiſſing comfits, and ſnow eringoes z 
let there come a tempeſt of provocation, —] Potatoes, when they were firſt 

introduced 


1" * 
* W 0 * 
8 — , 
Earle Ate At notes” 


— 2 — 4 
— rr 


298 MERRY WIVES 
8 Ford. Miſtreſs Page is come with me, ſweot- 
eart. | | | | 
Fal. Divide me like a bribe-buck *, each a haunch : I 
will keep my ſides to myſelf, my ſhoulders for the fellow 
of this walk *, and my horns I bequeath your huſbands. 
Am I a woodman 3? ha! Speak I like Herne the hunter? 
Why, now is Cupid a child of conſcience ; he makes re- 
ſtitution. As I am a true ſpirit, welcome! | Noz/e within, 
Mrs. Page. Alas! what noiſe? 
Mrs. Ford. Heaven forgive our ſins ! 
Fal. What ſhall this be ? | 


Mrs. Ford. | | 
Mrs. Page. f Away, away: I run af. 


Fal. I think the devil will not have me damn'd, leſt. 
the oil that is in me ſhould ſet hell on fire ; he would 


never elſe croſs me thus. 


introduced into England, were ſuppoſed to be ſtrong provocatives, See 
Mr. Collins's note on a paſſage in Troilus and Creſſida, Act V. ſc. ii, 
Kiffing-comfits were ſugar plums, perfumed to make the breath ſweet. 

Holinſhed informs us, that in the year 1583, for the entertainment of 
prince Alaſco was performed a verie ſtatelie tragedie named Dido, 
wherein the queen's banket (with ZEneas' narration of the deſtruction 
of Troie, ) was livelie deſcribed in a marchpaine patterne,,zhe tempeſt 
wherein it hailed ſmall con fecis, rained roſe-water, and ſnew an artificial 
kind of ſnow, all ſtrange, marvellous, and abundant.” On this circumftance 
very probably Shakſpeare was thinking, when he put the words quoted 
above into the mouth of Falſtaff. STEEvens. | | 

1 — /ike a brib'd buck,] Thus all the old copies, -miſtakingly : it 
muſt be bribe-buck ; i. e. a buck ſent for a bribe. THEOBALD. | 

2 — my ſhoulders to ghe fellow of this walk,] A walk is that diſtri 
ĩn a foreſt, to which the juriſdiftion of a particular keeper extends. So, 
in Lodge's Roſalynde, 1592: Tell me, foreſter, under whom main- 
taineſt thou thy <valke F”* MALONE. 

To the keeper the ſhoulders and bumbles belong as a perquiſite. Gx Ev. 

So in Holinſhed, 1586, Vol. I. p. 202: „The keeper by a cuſtom 
hath the ſkin, head, umbles, chine, and ſhoulders.” STEEvVENS. 

3 Am I a woodman?}] A evoodman in its original fignification meant 
an archer; but in our author's time it was ſometimes uſed in a wanton 
ſenſe. So Lucio ſays of the Duke, in Meaſure for Meaſure, < He's a 
better wwoodman than thou takeſt him for.“ It ſeems in the paſſage 
before us to have both ſenſes. MALoNE. | 


Enter 


OF WINDSOR 299 

Enter Sir Hugh Evans, /ike a ſatyr ; Mrs. QuickLyY, and 
PisroL; ANNE PAGE, as the Fairy Queen, attended by 

her brother and others, dreſſed like fairies, with waxen 
tapers on their heads *. ; 73 


9Puick. Fairies, black, grey, green, and white, 
Vou moon-ſhine revellers, and ſhades of night, 
You orphan-heirs of fixed deſtiny 5, 
Attend your office, and your quality *.— 
Crier Hagen make the fairy o- yes. = 
Pipe. Elves, lift your names; ſilence, you airy toys “. 
„ af | Cricket, 


4 This ſtage-direQion I have formed on that of the old quarto, cor- 
rected by ſuch circumſtances as the poet introduced when he new- mo- 
deled his play. In the foiio there is no direction whatſoever. Mrs, 
Quickly and Piſtol ſeem to have been but ill ſuited to the delivery of the 
ſpeeches here attributed to them ; nor are either. of thoſe perſonages 
named by Ford in a former ſcene, where the intended plot againſt 
Falſtaff is mentioned. It is highly probable, (as a modern editor 
has obſerved,) that the performer who had repreſented Piſtol, was after- 
wards, from neceſſity, employed among the fairies ; and that his name 
thus crept into the copies. He here repreſents Puck, a part which in 
the old quarto is given to Sir Hugh. The introduction of Mrs. Quicklys 
however, cannot be accounted for in the ſame manner ; for in the firſt 
ſketch in quarto, ſhe is particularly deſcribed as the Queen of the Fairies; 
a part which our author afterwards allotted to Anne Page. MALONE. 
Jon orphan-Heirs of fixed deſtiny, ] Dr. Warburton corrects orphan 
to ouphen; and not without plauſibility, as the word cupbes occurs both 
before and afterwards» But, I fancy, in acquieſcence to the vulgar 
doctrine, the addreſs in this line is to a part of the 7roop, as mortals by 
birth, but adopted by the fairies : orphans in reſpect of their real parents, 
and now only dependent on deſtiny herſelf, A few lines from Spenſer, 
B. iii, C. 3. ſt. 26. edit. 1590, will ſufficiently illuſtrate this paſſage: 

6“ The man whom heavens have ordaynd to bee 
«© The ſpouſe of Britomart, is Artbegall, 
& He wonneth in the land of Fayeree, 
& Yet is no Fary borne, ne ſib at all 
6 To elfes, but ſprong of ſeed terreſtrial, 
„„ And whilome by falſe Fairies ftolen away, 
& Whiles yet in infant cradle he did crall, &c.“ FARMER. 

Dr. Warburton objects to their being heirs to Deſtiny, who was ſtill in 
being. But Shakſpeare, I believe, uſes heirs, with his ufual laxity, for 
children. So, to inherit is uſed in the ſenſe of to poſſeſs. MATONE. 

* — and your quality.] See p. 16, n. 3. and ꝓ. 162, n. 6. MALoNE. 

© Crier Hobgoblin, make the fairy o-yes. | 

Elves, lift your names; filence, you airy toys.] Theſe two lines were 
certainly intended to rhime together, as the preceding and ſubſequent 
| couplets 


pv— — 
2 -* PRE rn —— 
w . — 


— 
F 


— 


22 — — — TR. * 
r 2 nes 
. il . —— x —— 


e —_ 
—— — 


—— — — 
—— 


—— — 


S OOO OT EIIED 


— — 
30 — 


— 


_—m 


Win, ww = 4 


300 MERRY WIVES 
Cricket, to Windſor chimneys ſhalt thou leap : | 
Where fires thou find*ſt unrak*d, and hearths unſwept, 
There pinch the maids as blue as bilberry 7 : 
Our 4, — queen hates ſluts, and ſluttery. 
Fial. They are fairies; he, that ſpeaks to them, ſhall die: 
I'll wink and couch; No man their works muſt eye. 
. [ies down upon his face. 
Evans. Where's Pede? Go you, and where you finda maid, 
That, ere ſhe ſleep, has thrice her prayers ſaid, 
Raiſe up the organs of her fantaſy, TT 
Sleep ſhe as ſound as careleſs infancy ; 
But thoſe, as ſleep, and think not on their fins, 


Pinch them, arms, legs, backs, ſhoulders, ſides, and ſhins®. 
DPuick, About, about; 1 = 

Search Windfor caſtle, elves, within and out: 

Strew good luck, ouphes, on every ſacred room“; 

That it may ſtand till the perpetual doom, 


couplets do: and accordingly, in the old editions, the final words of each 
line are printed, oyes and toyes. This therefore is a ſtriking inſtance of 
the inconvenience which has ariſen from modernizing the orthography 
of Shakſpeare. TYVRWII TT. . of 
7 — as bilberry :] The Gilberry is the hortleberry. Fairies were 
always ſuppoſed to have a ſtrong averſion to ſluttery. Thus, in the old 
ſong of Robin Good Fellozv. See Dr. Percy's Religues, &c. Vol. III: 
c When houſe or hearth doth fluttiſh lye, | 
I pinch the maidens black and blue, &c.” STEEVENs. 
3 — Go you, and where you finda maid, | 
That, ere ſhe ſleep, hath thrice her prayers ſaid, 
Raiſe up the organs of ber fantaſy, 
Sleep ſbe as ſound as careleſs infancy ; 
But thoſe, as ſleep, and think not on their fins, 
Pinch them, arms, legs, backs, ſhoulders, fides, and ſhins.] i. e. 
Co you, and wherever you find a maid aſleep, that hath thrice prayed | 
to the deity, though, in conſequence, of her innocence ſhe ſleep as ſoundly 
as an infant, elevate her fancy, and amuſe her tranquil mind with ſome 
delightful viſion; but thoſe whom you find aſleep, without having pre- 
viouſly thought on their fins, and prayed to heaven for forgiveneſs, 
pinch &c. It ſhould be remembered, that thoſe perſons who ſleep very 
ſoundly, ſeldom dream. Hence the injunction * to raiſe up the organs 
of her fantaſy,” Sleep ſhe &c. i. e. though ſhe. ſleep as ſound &c. 
Dr. Warburton, who appears to me to have totally miſunderſtood this 
paſſage, reads—Rein up &c. in which he has been followed, in my 
opinion too haſtily, by the ſubſequent editors. Marons, 
* — on every ſacred room;] See Chaucer's Cant. Tales, v. 3482, 
edit. Tyrwhitt. On foure halves of the hous aboute,” &c, MALON· 


1h 


OF WIND S OR. 301 
In ſtate as wholeſome ?, as in ſtate tis fit; 
Worthy the owner, and the owner it. 
The ſeveral chairs of order look you ſcour 
With juice of balm, and every precious flower“: 
Each fair inſtalment coat, and ſeveral creſt, 
With loyal blazon, evermore be bleſt | 
And nightly, meadow-fairies, look, you ſing, 
Like to the Garter's compaſs, in a ring : 
The expreſſure that it bears, green let it be, 
More fertile-freſh than all the field to ſee ; 
And, Honi Soit Qui Mal y Penſe, write, 
In emerald tufts, flowers purple, blue, and white; 
Like ſaphire, pearl, and rich embroidery, 
Buckled below fair knight-hood's bending knee: 
Fairies uſe flowers for their charactery . 
Away; diſperſe : But, till ”tis one o'clock, 
Our dance of cuſtom, round about the oak 
Of Herne the hunter, let us not forget. 


Ewans. Pray you, lock hand in hand ; yourſelves in 


order ſet: ä 
And twenty glow-worms ſhall our lanthorns be, 
To guide our meaſure round about the tree. 
But, ſtay ; I ſmell a man of middle earth 3. 


9 -a wholeſome,] Wholeſom here ſignifies integer. He wiſhes the 
caſtle may ſtand in its preſent ſtate of perfection. WARBURTON. 
i The ſeveral chairs of order look you ſcour 


With juice of balm, &c. ] It was an article of our ancient luxury, 


to rub tables, &c. with aromatick herbs. Pliny informs us, that the Ro- 
mans did the ſame, to drive away evil ſpirits STEEVvENS® _ 

2 — for tbeir charactery.] For the matter with which they make 
letters. JOHNSON. . 

3 of middle earth.] Spirits are ſuppoſed to inhabit the ethereal regi- 
ons, and fairies to dwell under ground ; men therefore are in a middle 
| ſtation. JoHNs0N. | 


So, in the ancient metrical romance of Syr Guy of Warwick, bl. I. 


no date: 
© Thou mayſt them flea with dint of ſwearde, 
% And win the fayreſt mayde of middle erde.“ 
Again, in Gower, De Confeſſione Amantis, fol, 26 ; 
% Adam, for pride, loſt his price | 
« In myddell erth,” STEEVENS. 


Fal. : 


302 MERRY WIVES 
Fal. Heavens defend me from that Welch fairy! left 
he transform me to a piece of cheeſe ! 
Pig. Vile worm, thou waſt o*er-look*d even in thy birth“. 
ict. With trial-ſire touch me his finger-end: 
If he be chaſte, the flame will back deſcend, 
And turn him to no pain; but if he ſtart, 
It is the fleſh of a corrupted heart. 
Pift. A trial, come. | 
Evans. Come, will this wood take fire? 
| ' [They burn him with their tapers. 
Fal. Oh, oh, oh! — | ; | | | 
Quick. Corrupt, corrupt, and tainted in deſire ! 
About him, fairies ; ſing a ſcornful rhime : 
And, .as you trip, ſtill pinch him to your time. 


Song. Fie on finful phantaſy J 
Fie on luft and luxury ! 
Luft is but a bloody fire ©, 

Kindled with unchaſte deſire, 
Fed in heart; avhoſe flames aſpire, 
As thoughts do blow them, higher and higher, 
Pinch him, fairies, mutually ; | 
Pinch him for his willainy ; 


4 Vile worm, thou aſt cer-look'd even in thy birtb.] The old copy 
reads—wild, That wild, which ſo often occurs in theſe plays, was not 
an error of the preſs, but the old ſpelling and the pronunciation of 
the time, appears from theſe lines of Heywood, in his Pleaſant Dialogues 
and Dramas, 1637: | ND 

« EARTH. What goddeſs, or how yd? 
cc AGE, Age am I call'd. 1 
% EARTRH. Hence, falſe, virago wild !” s 

However, as the ſpelling of the original copy of our author's plays has 
not been adhered to in the modern editions, there is no reaſon why this 
in particular ſhould be preſerved. In a paſſage in the Tempeſt, I have 
inadvertently retained the old ſpelling of this word. MALON E. 

5 — and luxury !] Luxury is here uſed for incontinence. So, in K. 
Zrar : © To't luxury, pell-mell, for I lack ſoldiers.” STEEvENS. 
© Luft is but a bloody fire,] A bloody fire, means a fire in the blood. 
In X. Henry VV. P. II. Act IV. the ſame expreſſion occurs: 
Led on by bloody youth,” &c. 
i. e. ſanguine youth. SrEEVENSs. 
So alſo, in the Tempeſt: . EO 
„EE the ſtrongeſt oaths are ftraw 
« To the firei'the blood. MATLONE. 


Pinch 


+ 


OF WINDSOR. 303 


Pinch him, and burn him, and turn him about, 
Till candles, and ftar-light, and moon-fhine be out. 
During this ſong, the fairies pinch Falſtaff . Doctor Caius 
comes one way, and ſteals away a fairy in green; Slender 
another way, and takes off a fairy in white ; and Fenton 


comes, and ſteals away Mrs. Anne Page. A noiſe of 


hunting is made within. All the fairies run away. 
| Falſtaff pulls off his buck's head, and riſes. 


Ener Pace, ForD, Mrs. Pace, and Mrs. Fox D. They 
| lay hold on him. | 

Page. Nay, do not fly: I think, we have watch'd you 
NOW 3 | : 

Will none but Herne the hunter ſerve your turn ? 
Mrs. pf: J pray you, come; hold up the jeſt no 
igher — | | 
Now, good Zr Jouns how like you Windſor wives? 
See you theſe, huſband ? do not theſe fair yokes 
Become the foreſt better than the town *? 

Ford. Now, fir, who's a cuckold now ?—Maſfſter Brook, 
Falſtaff's a knave, a cuckoldly knave ; here are his horns, 
maſter Brook: And, maſter Brook, he hath enjoyed no- 
thing of Ford's but his buck-baſket, his cudgel, and 
twenty pounds of money ; which muſt be paid to'maſter 
Brook ? ; his horſes are arreſted for it, maſter Brook. 

Mrs. Ford. Sir John, we have had ill luck; we could 


7 wm the fairies' pinch, -Falfaff.] So, in Lilly's Endymion," 1 591: 

„ The fairies r with a ſong pinch him.“ STEEVENS. 

s See you theſe, buſhand ? do not theſe fair yokes | 

Become the foreſt better than the town F] Mrs. Page's meaning is 

this. Seeing the horns (the types of cuckholdom) in Falſtaff's hand, 

the aſks her huſband, whether thoſe yokes are not more proper in the 

Foreſt than in the town ; i. e. than in his-own family, TRHEOBAL D. 
The editor of the ſecond folio changed yokes to—oaks, MaLone. 

9 —to maſter Brook; ] We ought'rather to read with the old quarto, 

wc which mult be paid to maſter Ford; for as Ford, to mortify Fal- 


ſtaff, addreſſes him throughout this ſpeech by. the name of Brook, the 


deſcribing himſelf by the ſame name creates-a confuſion. A modern 
editor plauſibly enough reads which muſt be paid foo, Maſter Brook; 
but the firſt ſketch ſhews that to is right; for the ſentence, as it ſtands 
in the quarto, will not admit 779. MAaLoNEs 

4 | never 


— —— 


—_ 


. — — -» — 0 — A 
k Fs hs = 
n — qe nr eg WP Or 20 333 
Nee pA 


304 MERRY WIVES 
never meet. I will never take you for my love again, 
but I will always count you my deer. | | 
Fal. I do begin to perceive, that I am made an aſs. 
Ford. Ay, and an ox too ; both the proofs are extant. 
Fial. And theſe are not fairies? I was three or four 
times in the thought, they were not fairies: and yet 
the guiltineſs of my mind, the ſudden ſurprize of my 
powers, drove the groſſneſs of the foppery into a re- 
ceiv'd belief, in deſpight of the teeth of all rhime and 
reaſon, that they were fairies. See now, how wit may be 
made a Jack-a-lent *, when *tis upon itt employment! 
Evans. Sir John Falſtaff, ſerve Got, and leave your 
deſires, and fairies will not pinſe you. 
Ford. Well ſaid, fairy Hugh. 
Evans. And leave your jealouſies too, I pray you. 
Ford. I will never miſtruſt my wife again, till thou art 
able to woo her in good Engliſh. | 5 
Fal. Have I lay'd my brain in the ſun, and dried it, 
that it wants matter to prevent ſo groſs o'er-reaching 
as this? Am I ridden with a Welch goat too? Shall I 
have a coxcomb of frize * ? *tis time I were choak'd with 
a piece of toaſted cheeſe. | | 
Evans. Seeſe is not good to give putter ; your pelly 
is all putter. | Fe | 
Fal. Seeſe and putter! Have I lived to ſtand at the 
taunt of one that makes fritters of Engliſh ? This is enough 
to be the decay of luſt and late-walking, through the realm. 
| Mrs. Page. Why, fir John, do you think, though we 
would have thruſt virtue out of our hearts by the head 
and ſhoulders, and have given ourſelves without ſcruple to 
hell, that ever the devil could have made you our delight? 
Ford. What, a hodge-pudding ? a bag of flax ? 
Mrs. Page. A puff d man? | ED 
Page. Old, cold, wither'd, and of intolerable entrails ? 
Ford. And one that is as ſlanderous as Satan 
Page. And as poor as Job? 


| I Boso wit may be made a ack-a-lent,] See p. 2 54. n. 8. MAL ONE. 
2 — à coxcomb 0 F ghee 1 1. e. a fool's cap made out of Welch ma- 
terials, Wales was famous tor this cloth, STEEVENS... 
; | Ford. 


244 Na 
Ford. And as wicked as his wife? 
Evans. And given to fornications, and to taverns, and 


ſack, and wine, aaron => and to drinkings, and 


ſwearings, and ſtarings, pribbles and prabbles'? 

Fal. Well, I am your theme; you have the ftart of 
me; I am dejected,; I am not able to anſwer the Welch 
flannel ; ignorance itſelf is a plummet o' er me-: uſe me 
as you will. | „ | | 

Ford. Marry, fir, we'll bring you to windſor, to one 
maſter Brook, that you have cozen'd of money, to whom 
you ſhould have been a pandar: over and above that 
you have ſuffered, I think, to repay that money will be a 
biting affliction. | 

Mrs. Ford. Nay, huſbands, let that go to make amends : 
Forgive that ſam, and ſo we'll all be friends, 

Ford. Well, here's my hand; all's forgiven at laſt. 

Page. Yet be cheerful, knight: thou ſhalt eat a poſſet 
. to-night at my houfe ; where I will deſire thee to laugh 


3 — the Welch flannel ;] The very word is derived from a Malob 
ene, fo that it is almoſt unneceſſary to add that fannel was originally 
the manufacture of Wales. STEEvVENS. 

It probably might make part of Sir Hugh's dreſs. ENWARDS. 

4 Ignorance itſelf is a plummet o'er me:] The meaning may be, I am 
fo enfeebled, that ignorance itſelf weighs me down and oppreſſes me. 

OHRN SON. 

Perhaps Falſtaff's meaning may be this: „ Ignorance 10g a plum- 
met ober me: i. e. above me; ignorance itſelf is not fo low as 1 am, by 
the length of a plummet-line, TYRWHITT. | 
Dr. Johnſon, for fiemmet, propoee to read glume; Dr. Farmer ſuggeſts 
Planet. The latter conjecture (ſays Mr. Steevens) derives ſome ſup- 
port from a paſſage in K. Henry VI. where Queen Margaret fays, that 
Suffolk's face ; | 

„ rul'd like a wand'ring planet aver me. 

I am ſatisfied with the old reading. MALons. N 
Mrs. Ford. Nay, huſhand, &c.] This and the following little 
ſpeech I have inſerted from the old quartos. The retrenchment, I pre- 
fume, was by the players. Sir John Falſtaff is ſufficiently pupiſhed, in 
being diſappointed and expoſed. The expeQation of his being proſe- 
cuted for the twenty pounds, gives the concluſion too. tragical a turn. 
Beſides, it is poetical juſtice that Ford ſhould ſuſtain this loſs, as a fin 


. 


for his unreaſonable jealouſy, THEORAL D. | 


a 


Vol. I. ES | ms 


— —— — — — 


— — — 


N 
e 
* — —— — — 
— — * ho * . * 
— — 
wn —— . — 


306 MERRY WIVES 
at my wife®, that now laughs at thee : Tell her, maſter 
Slender hath married her daughter. 
| Mrs. Page. Doctors doubt that; if Anne Page be my 
daughter, ſhe is, by this, doctor Caius wife. _ [Alide. 
Sy Enter SLENDER. 

Slen, Whoo, ho ! ho! father Page! 

_ Son! how now ? how now, ſon ? have you diſ- 
atch'd ? h | 

? Slen. Diſpatch'd ! I'M make the beſt in Glouceſterſhire 

know on't; would I were hang'd; la, elſe. | 

Page. Of what, ſon ? | PL | 

Slen. I came yonder at Eton to marry miſtreſs Anne 
Page, and ſhe's a great lubberly boy : 'If it had not been 
1'the church, I would have ſwinged him, or he ſhould 
have ſwinged me. If I did not think it had been Anne 
Page, would I might never ſtir, and *tis a poſt-maſter's boy. 

Page. Upon my life then you took the wrong. 

Slen. What need you tell me that? I think ſo, when I 
took a boy for a gurl: If I had been married to him, 
for all he was in woman's apparel, I would not have had 

Page. Why, this is your own folly; Did not I tell 
you, how you ſhould know my daughter by her gar- 
ments ? : | 

Slen. I went to her in white 7, and cry'd, mum, and 
ſhe ery'd budget, as Anne and I had appointed; and yet 
it was not Anne, but a poſt-maſter's boy. EE 
Evans. Jeſhu! Maſter Slender, cannot you ſee but 
marry boys? | | 


6 mm laugh at my wiſh] The two plots are excellently connected, and 
the tranſition very artfully made in this ſpeech. JonnsSoNe 
7 — in white, ] The old copy, by the inadvertence of either the au- 
thor or tranſcriber, reads—in green; and in the two ſubſequent ſpeeches 
of Mrs. Page, inſtead of green we find bite. The corrections, which 
are fully juſtified by what has preceded, (ſee p. 292,) were made by 
Mr. Pope. Matone. = | | 
8 — marry boys ?] This and the next ſpeech are likewiſe reſtorations 
from the old quarto. STEEVENS. | | 


Page. 
4 


OF WINDSOR 30 


Page. O, I am vex'd at heart: What ſhall I do? 
Mrs. Page. Good George, be not angry: I knew of 
your purpoſe ; turn'd my daughter into green; and, in- 


deed, ſhe is now with the doctor at the deanery, and there 


married. | 
Enter CAlus. | 
Caius. Vere is miſtreſs Page? By gar, I am cozened ; 
I ha' married un gargon, a boy; un paiſan, by gar, A 
boy; it is not Anne Page: by gar, I am cozened. 
rs. Page. Why, did you take her in green? 
Caius. Ay, be gar, and *tis a boy: be gar, Ill raiſe 
all Windſor. [ Exit CAl us. 
Ford. This is ſtrange : Who hath got the right Anne ? 
Page. My heart miſgives me: Here comes maſter 
Fenton. | | | 
Enter FenToON, and ANNE PAGE. 


How now, maſter Fenton? — 
Anne. Pardon, good father! good my mother, pardon ! 


Page. Now, miſtreſs ? how chance you went not with 


maſter Slender? 


 Mr:. Page. Why went you not with maſter doctor, 


maid? | — 
Fent. You do amaze her; Hear the truth of it. 
You would have married her moſt ſhamefully, 
Where there was no proportion held in love. | 
The trath is, She and I, long fince contracted, 
Are now ſo ſure, that nothing can diſſolve us. 
The offence is holy, that fhe hath committed: 
And this deceit loſes the name of craft, | 
Of diſobedience, or unduteous title ; 
Since therein ſhe doth evitate and ſhun | 
A thouſand irreligious curſed hours, ey 
Which forced marriage would have brought upon her. 
Ford. Stand not amaz'd: here is no remedy ;— 
In love, the heavens themſelves do guide the ſtate ; 
Money buys lands, and wives are fold by fate. 
Fal. I am glad, though you have ten a ſpecial ſtand 
to ſtrike at me, that your * hath elanced. „ 


Page. 


= 
. 


AU, oo - 


— ——— 7 


—— — 


30 MERRY WIVES 
Page. Well, what remedy? ? Fenton, heaven give 
oY thee joy | T 
What cannot be eſchew'd, muſt be embrac'd. Re) 
Fal. When night-dogs run, all ſorts of deer are chas'd *, 
Evans. | will dance and eat plums at your wedding *. | 
Mrs. Page. Well, I will mufe no further: - Maſter 
2 Fenton, | | St : 
Heaven give you many, many merry days !— 
Good hujband, let us every one go home, 
And laugh this ſport o'er by a country fire; 
Sir John and all. 
Ford. Let it be fo :—Sir John, 
To maſter Brook you yet ſhall hold your word; 
For he, to-night, ſhall lie with miſtreſs Ford 3. [ Exeunt. 


9 Page. Well, what remedy ?—] In the firſt ſketch of this play, 
which, as Mr: Pope obſerves, is much inferior to the latter perfocmance, 
the only ſentiment of which I regret the omiſſion, occurs at this critical 
time. When Fenton brings in his wife, there is this dialogue. 
Mrs. Ford. Come, miſtreſs Page, I muſt be bold with you, 
*Tis Pity to part love that is ſo true. | 
Mrs. Page. [ Afide.] Although that I bave mis d in my intent, 

Yet I am glad my huſband's match is croſs'd. 
Here Fenton, take ber. om | 

Evans. Come, * Page, you muſt needs agree. 

Ford. I faith, fir, come, you ſee your wife is pleas'd. 

Page. I cannet tell, and yet my heart is easd; | 
And yet it doth me good the doctor miſ d. PE 
Come bitber, Fenton, and come hither, laughter. Jonnson. : 

: all ſorts of deer are chas'd.] Young and old, does as well as 
bucks. He alludes to Fenton's having juſt run down Anne Page. 

” „ MAL ONxE. 

2 I will dance &c.] This ſpeech was reſtored from the firſt quarto by 
Mr. Pope; but inſerted improperly before that of Falſtaſf, which ſeems 
to have been intended to rhime with the preceding ling, MALONE. 

33 Of chis play there is a tradition preſerved by Mr. Rowe, that it was 
written at the command of queen Elizabeth, who was fo delighted with 
the character of Falſtaff, that ſhe wiſhed it to be diffuſed through more 
plays; but ſuſpectiag that it might pall dy continued uniformity, di- 
rected the poet to diverfify his manner, by ſhewing him in love. No 
taſk is harder than that of writing to the ideas of another. Shakſpeare 
knew what thequeen, if the ſtory be true, ſeems not to have known, 
that by any real paſſion of tenderneſs, the ſelfiſh craft, the careleſs jol-- 
lity, and the lazy luxury of Falſtaff muſt have ſuffered ſo much abate- 
| | | %%% ment, 


* 


OF WINDSOR. zog 
ment, that little of his former caſt would have remained. Falſtaff could 


not love, but by ceaſing to be Falſtaff. He could only coùnterfeit love, 
and his profeſſions could be prompted, not by the hope of pleaſure, but 


of money. Thus the poet approached as near as he could to the Work 


enjoined him; yet having perhaps in the former plays completed his 
own idea, ſeems not to have been able to give Falſtaff all his former 
power of entertainment. 


This comedy is remarkable for the variety and number of the perſon- | 


ages, who exhibit more characters appropriated and diſcriminated, than 
perhaps can be found in any other play, | 

Whether Shakſpeare was the firſt that produced upon the Engliſh 
age the effect of language diſtorted and depraved by provincial or foreign 
pronunciation, I cannot certainly decide *, This mode of forming ri- 
dicul»us characters can confer praiſe only on him, who originally diſ- 


covered it, for it requires not much of either wit or judgment: its ſuc. 


ceſs muſt be derived almoſt wholly from the player, but its power in a 
fkitful mouth, even he that deſpiſes it, is unable to refiſt, 

The conduct of this drama is deficient; the action begins and ends 
often before the conclufion, and the different parts might-change places 
without inconvenience; but its general power, that power by which all 
works of genius ſhall finally be tried, is ſuch, that perhaps it never yet had 
reader or ſpectator, who did not think it too ſoon at an end. JoHngoN. 

The ſtory of The too Lowers of Piſa, from which (as Dr. Farmer 
has obſerved) Falſtaff's adventures in this play feem to have been taken, 
is thus related in Tarleton's Newwes out of Purgatorie, bl. let, no date. 
[ Entered'in the Stationers* Books, June 16, 1-590. ] 

& In Piſa, a famous cittie of Italye, there liued a gentleman of good 
linage-and landes, feared as well for his wealth, as honoured for his ver- 
tue; but indeed well thought on for both: yet the better for his riches. 
This gentleman had one onelye daughter called Margaret, who for her 
beauty was liked of all, and deſired of many: but neither might their 
ſutes, nor her one preuaile about her fathers reſolution, who was deter- 
myned not to marrye her, but to ſuch a man as ſhould be able in abun- 
dance to maintain the excellency of her beauty. Diuers young gentlemen 
proffered large feoffments, but in vaine : a maide ſhee muſt bee ſtill: till 
at laſt an olde doctor in the towne, that profeſſed phiſicke, became a 
ſutor to her; who was a welcome man to her father, in that he was 
one of the weltlñeſt men in all Piſa. A tall ſtrippling he was, and a 
proper youth, his age about foureſcore ; his head as white as milke, 
wherein for offence ſake there was left neuer a tooth: but it is no mat- 

In the Three Ladies of London, 1584, is the character of an Halian merchant, 
very ſtrongly marked by foreign pronunciation. Dr. Dodypoll, in the comedy 
which bears his name, is, like Caius, a French phyſician. 'This piece appeared at 
leaſt a year heſore the Merry Hrves of Mindſor. The hero of it ſpeaks ſue h another 
Jargon as the antagoniſt of sir Hugh, and like hinvis cheated of his miſtreſs. In 
ſeveral other pieces, more ancient than the earlieſt of Shakſpeare's, provincial cha- 
racters are introduced. STEEVENS. | 

£2 | ter; 


4 


370 MERRY WIVES 
ter; what he wanted in perſon he had in the purſe z which the poore 


- gentlewoman little regarded, wiſhing rather to tie her ſelf to one that 


might fit her content, though they lived meanely, then to him with all 
the wealth in Italye. But thee was yong and foreſt to follow her fathers 
direction, who vpon large couenants was content his daughter ſhould 


marry with the doctor, and whether ſhe like him or no, the match was 
made vp, and in ſhort time the was married. The poore wench was 


bound to the ſtake, and had not -onely an old impotent man, but one 
that was ſo jealous, as none might enter into his houſe without ſuſpicion, 
nor ſhe doo any thing without blame: the leaſt glance, the ſmalleſt 
- eauntenance,any ſmile, was a manifeſt inſtance to him, that ſhee thought 
of others better than himſelfe ; thvs he himſelfe li ued in a hell, and tor- 


mented his wife in as ill perplexitie. At laſt it chaunced, that a young 


gentleman of the citie comming by her houſe, and ſeeing her Iooke out 
at her window, noting her rare and excellent proportion, fell in loue with 
her, and that ſo extreamelye, as his paſſions had no means till her fauour 
might mittigate his heartficke diſcontent. The young man that was 
Ignorant in amorous matters, and had neuer beene vſed to courte anye 
gentlewoman, thought to reueale his paſſions to ſome one freend, that 
might giue him counſaile for the winning of her loue; and thinking 
experience was the ſureſt maiſter, on a daye ſeeing the olde doctor walk. 
ing in the churche, (that was Margarets huſband,) little knowing who 
he was, he thought this the fitteſt man to whom he might diſcouer his 
paſſions, for that hee was olde and knewe much, and was a phiſition that 
with his drugges might helpe him forward in his purpoſes : ſo that ſee. 
ing the old man walke ſolitary, he ioinde vnto him, and after a curteous 
ſalute, tolde him he was to impart a matter of great import vnto him; 
wherein if hee would not onely be ſecrete, but indeuour to pleaſure him, 
his pains ſhould bee euery way to the full confidered. You muſt imagine, 
gentleman, quoth Mutio, for ſo was the doors name, that men of our 
profeſſion are no blabs, but hold their ſecrets in their hearts* bottome ; 
and therefore reueale what you pleaſe, it ſhall not onely be concealed, 
but cured; if either my art or counſaile may do it. Upoa this Lionello, 
(fo was the young gentleman called) told and diſcourſt vnto him from 
point to point how he was falne in loue with a gentlewoman that was 
maried to one of his profeſſion; diſcouered her dwelling and the houſe; 
and for that he was vnacquainted with the woman, and a man little ex- 
perieneed in loue matters, he required his fauour to further him with his 
aduiſe. Mutio at this motion was ſtung to the hart, knowing it was 


his wife hee was fallen in loue withal : yet to conceale the matter, and 


£0 experience his wiue's chaſtity, and that if ſhe plaide falſe, he might 
be reuengde on them both, he diſſembled the matter, and anſwered, that 
he knewe the woman very well, and commended her highly ; but ſaide, 
| the had a churle to her huſband, and therefore he thought ſhee would bee 
the more tractable: trie her man, quoth hee; fainte hart neuer woonne 


fair lady; and if ſhee will not be brought to the bent of your bowe, I 1 


will provide ſuch a potion as ſhall diſpatch all to your owne content; and 


to 


r : 5 FY LEE RT CE NT * TIS > Ns LI EI", 
* 


3 

1 
3 
A q 

£ 

1 

ED 

. 


\0.F- WINDSOR: | aw 


to give you further inſtructions for opportunitie, knowe that her huſband 


is foorth euery afternoone from three till fixe. Thus farre I haue ad- 
uiſed you, becauſe I pitty your paſſions as my ſelfe being once a louer : 
but now I charge thee, reueale it to none whomſoeuer, leaſt it doo diſ- 
parage my credit, to meddle in amorous matters. The young gentle- 
man not onely promiſed all carefull ſecrecy, but gaue him harty thanks 


for his good counſell, promiſing to meete him there the next day, and 


tell him what newes. Then hee left the old man, who was almoſt mad 
for feare his wife any way ſhould play falſe. He ſaw by experience, 


braue men came to beſiege the caſtle, and ſeeing it was in a womans | 


cuſtodie, and had-ſo weake a gouernor as himſelfe, he doubted it would 
in time be delivered up: which feare made him almoſt franticke, yet he 
driude of the time in great torment, till he might heare from his rival. 
Lionello, he haſtes him home, and ſutes him in his brauerye, and goes 
downe towards the houſe of Mutio, where he ſees her at her windowe, 
whom he courted with a paſſionate looke, with ſuch an humble ſalute, 
as ſhee might perceiue how the gentleman was affectionate. Margaretta 
looking earneſtlye upon him, and noting the perfection of his proportion, 
accounted him in her eye the flower of all Piſa ; thinkte her ſelfe for- 
tunate if ſhe might haue him for her freend, to ſupply thoſe defaultes that 
ſhe found in Mutio. Sundry times that afternoone he paſt by her wine 
dow, and he caſt not vp more louing lookes, then he received gratious 
fauours : which did ſo incourage him, that the next daye betweene three 


aud ſixe hee went to her houſe, and knocking at the doore, deſired to 


ſpeake with the miſtris of the houſe, who hearing by her maids deſcrip- 
tion what he was, commaunded him to come in, where ſhe interteined 


him with all curteſie. | | | 

6 The youth that neuer before had giuen the attempt to couet a la- 
dye, began his exordium with a bluſhe; and yet went forward ſo well, 
that hee diſcourſt vnto her howe hee loued her, and that if it might 
pleaſe her ſo to accept of his ſeruice, as of a freende euer vowde in all 
duetye to bee at her commaunde, the care of her honour ſhould bee 
deerer to him then his life, and hee would bee ready to priſe her diſcon- 
tent with his bloud at all times. | 

6 The gentlewoman was a little coye, but before they part they con- 
cluded that the next day at foure of the clock hee ſhould come thither 
and eate a pound of cherries, which was reſolued on with a ſuccado des 


labres; and ſo with a loath to depart they tooke their leaues. Lionello, 


as ioyfull a man as might be, hyed him to the church to meete his olde 
doctor, where hee found him in his olde walke. What newes, ſyr, 
quoth Mutio? How have you ſped ? Even as I can wiſhe, quoth Lio- 
nello; for I haue been with my miſtreſſe, and haue found her fo tract- 
able, that i hope to make the olde peaſant her huſband looke broad- 
headded by a paire of brow-antlers. How deepe this ſtrooke into Mu- 
tios hart, let them imagine that can conjecture what ielouſie is; inſo- 
much that the olde doctor aſkte, when ſhould be the time: marry, 
quoth Lionello, to morrow at foure of the clocke in the afternoone ; 

| and 


a a 


214 - MERRY WIVES 


and then miaiſter doctor, quoth hee, will I dub the olds fquire knight of 
the forked order. LE, 2 15 oo 
«© Thus they paſt: on in chat, till it grew late; and then Lyonello 
went home to his lodging, and Mutio to his houſe, couering all his ſor- 
rowes with a merrye countenance, with full reſolution to reuenge them 
both the next day with extremetie. He paſt the night as patiently as 
he could, and the next day after dinner awaye hee went, watching 
when it ſhould bee four of the clocke. At the houre iuftly came Lyo- 
nello, and was intertained with all curteſie: but ſcarſe had they kiſt, 
ere the maide crie& out to her miſtreſſe that her maiſter was at the 
doore; for he hafted, knowing that a horne was but a litle while in 
grafting. Margaret at this alarum was amazed, and yet for a ſhifte 
chopt Lyonello into a great driefatte full of feathers, and fat her downe 
cloſe to her woorke : by that came Mutio in blowing ; and as though 
hee came to looke ſomewhat in hafte, called for the keyes of his cham- 
bers, and looked in euerye place, ſearching ſo narrowlye in; euerye 
corner of the houſe, that he left not the very priuie vnſearcht, Seeing 
he could not finde him, hee ſaide nothing, but fayning himſelſe not well 
at eaſe, ſtayde at home, ſo that poore Lionello was faine to ſtaye in the 
drifatte till the olde churle was in bed with his wife: and then the 
maide let him out at a backe doore, who went home with a flea in 
his eare to his lodging. | | 
« Well, the next daye he went againe to meete his doctor, whome 
hee found in his woonted walke. What news, quoth Mutio ? How 
haue you ſped *? A poxe of the olde flaue, quoth Lionello, I was no 
ſooner in, and had giuen my miſtreſſe one kiſſe, but the jealous aſſe was 
at the door; the maide ſpied him, and, cryed, hermaifter : ſo that the 
gentlewoman for verye ſhifte, was faine to put me in a'driefatte 
of feathers that ſtoode in an olde chamber, and there I was faine to tar- 
rie while he was in bed and afleepe, and then the maide let me out, and 
I departed. ' | „ 

« But it is no matter; *twas but a chaunce; and I Hope to crye 
guittance with him ere it be long. As how, quoth Mutio ? Marry 
thus, quoth Lionello : ſhe ſent me woord by her maide this daye, that 
upon Thurſday next the old churle ſuppeth with a patient '6f his a mile 
out of Piſa, and then I feare not but to quitte him for all. It is well, 
- quoth Mutio; fortune bee your freende. I thank you, quoth Lionello; 
and ſo after a little more prattle they departed. R 
4 To be ſhorte, Thurſday came; and about ſixe of the cfocke foorth 
goes Mutio, no further than a freendes houſe of his, from whence hee 
might deſcrye who went into his houſe. Straight hee fawe Lionello 
enter in; and after goes hee, inſomuche that hee was ſcarfelye ſitten 
downe, before the mayde cryed out againe, my maiſter comes. The good 
wife that before had provided forafterdlaps us found out a priuie place 
between two ſeelings of a plauncher, and there ſhe thruſt Lionello ; and 
her huſband came ſweting. What news, quoth ſhee, drives you home 
See The Merry Wives of Windſor, p. 268, 5 : 

| again 


| OF WINDSOR. 313 
againe ſo ſoone, huſband ? Marrye, ſweete wife, (quoth he) a fearfull 
dreame that I had this night, which came to my remembrance ; & that 
was this: Methought there was a villeine that came ſecretly into my 
houſe with a naked poinard in his hand, and hid himſelfe ; but I could 

not finde the place: with that mine noſe bled, and I came backe; and 
by the grace of God I will ſeeke eury corner in the houſe for the quiet 
of my minde. Marry I pray you doo, huſband, quoth ſhe, With that 
he lockt in all the doors, and began to ſearch euery chamber, every 
hole, euery cheſt, every tub, the very well; he ſtabd euery fetherbed 
through, and made hauocke, like a mad man, which made him thinke 
all was in vaine, and hee began to blame his eies that thought they ſaw 
that which they did not. Upon this he reſte halfe lunaticke, and all 
night he was very wakefull; that towards the morning he fell into a 
dead ſleepe, and then was Lionello conueighed away, 
In the morning when Mutio wakened, hee thought how by no 
meanes hee ſhould be able to take Lyonello tardy: yet he laid in his 
head a moſt dangerous plot, and that was this. Wife, quoth he, I muſt 
the next Monday ride to Vycenſa to viſit an olde patient of mine; till 
my returne, which will be ſome ten dayes, I will haue thee ſtay at our 
little graunge houſe in the countrey. Marry very well content, huſband, 


quoth ſhe : with that he kiſt her, and was verye pleaſant, as though he 


had ſuſpected nothing, and away hee flinges to the church, where hee 
meetes Lionello. What fir, quoth he, what newes? Is your miſtreſſe 
Fours in poſſeſſion ? No, a plague of the old flaue, quoth he: I think 

he is either a witch, or els woorkes by magick-: for I can no ſooner 
enter in the doors, but he is at my backe, and ſo he was againe yeſter- 


night; for I was not warm in my ſeat before the maide cried, ny mai- 


fer comes; and then was the poore ſoule faine to conuiegh me between 
two ſeelings of a chamber in a fit place for the purpoſe : wher I laught 
hartely to myſelf, to ſee how he ſought euery corner, ranſackt every 
tub, and ſtabd euery featherbed,—but in vaine; I was ſafe enough till 
the morning, and then when he was faſt aſleepe, I lept out. Fortune 
frowns on you, quoth Mutio : Ay, but I hope, quoth Lionello, this is 
the laſt time, and now thee will begin to ſmlle; for on Monday next he 
rides to Vicenſa, and his wife lyes at a grange houſe a little of the 
towne, and there in his abſence I will reuenge all forepaſſed raisfortunes. 
God ſend it be fo, quoth Mutio; and took his leaue. Theſe two louers 
longed for Monday, and at laſt it came, Early in the morning Mutio 
horſt himſelfe, and his wife, his maide, and a man, and no more, and 
away he rides to his grange houſe ; where after he had brok his faſt he 
took his leaue, and away towards Vicenſa. He rode not far ere by a 
falſe way he returned into a thicket, and there with a company of cun- 
try peaſants lay in an ambuſcade to take the young gentleman. In the 
afternoon comes Lionello gallopping; and aſſoon as he came within 
fight of the houſe, he ſent back his horſe by his boy, & went eaſily afoot, 


& there at the very entry was entertained by Margaret, who led him 


vp ye ſtaires, and conuaid him into her bedchamber, ſaying he was wel» 


314 MERRY WIVES 

come into fo mean a cottage : but quoth ſhe, now T hope fortune ſhal 
not enuy the purity of our loues. Alas, alas, miſtris, (cried the maid, ) 
heer is my maiſter, and 100 men with him, with bils and ſtaues. We 
are betraid, quoth Lionel, and J am but a dead man. Feare not, quoth 
He, but follow me; and ſtraight ſhe carried him downe into a lowe par- 
lor, where ſtoode an old rotten cheſt full of writinges, She put him into 
that, and couered him with old papers and euidences, and went to the 
gate to meet her huſband. Why fignior Mutio, what means this hurly 
burly, quoth ſhe ? Vile & ſhameleſſe ſtrumpet as thou art, thou ſhalt 
know by and by, quoth he. Where is thy loue ? All we haue watcht 


im, & ſeen him enter in: now quoth he, ſhal neither thy tub of fea- 


thers nor thy ſeeling ſerue , for periſh he ſhall with fire, or els fall into 
my hands. Doo thy worſt, icalous foole, quoth ſhe; I aſk thee no 
fauour. With that in a rage he beſet the houſe round, and then ſet 
fire on it. Oh! in what a perplexitie was poore Lionello, that was ſhut 
in a cheſt, and the fire about his eares? And how was Margaret paſſionat, 
that knew her louer in ſuch danger? Vet ſhe made light of the matter, 
and as one in a rage called her maid to her and faid : Come on, wench; 
ſeeing thy maifter mad with ielouſie hath ſet the houſe and al my liuing 
on fire, I will be reuenged vpon him; help me heer to lift this old 
cheſt where all his writings and deeds are; let that burne firſt ; and aſſoon 
as I ſee that on fire, I will walk towards my freends: for the old foole 
wil be beggard, and I will refuſe him, Mutio that knew al his obliga- 
tions and ftatutes lay there, puld her back, and bad two of his men 
carry the cheſt into the feeld, and ſee it were ſafe; himſelf ſtanding by 
and ſeeing his houſe burnd downe, ſticke and ſtone, Then quieted in 
his minde he went home with his wife, and began to flatter her, think- 
Ing aſſuredly yt he had burnd her paramour; cauſing his cheſt to be 
carried in a cart to his houſe at Piſa. Margaret impatient went to her 
mothers, and complained to her and to her brethren of the iealoufie of 
her huſband 3 who maintained her it be true, and defired but a daies re- 
ſpite to proue it, Wel, hee was/bidden to ſupper the next night at her 
mothers, ſhe thinking to make her daughter and him freends againe. 
In the meane time he to his woonted walk in the church, & there preter 
expeFationem he found Lionello walking. Wondring at this, he 
frajzht enquires, what news? What newes, maiſter doctor, quoth he, 
ant he fell in a great laughing: in faith yeſterday I ſcapt a ſcowring; 
For, fyrrah, I went to the grange houſe, where I was appointed to aome, | 
and I was no ſooner gotten vp the chamber, but the magicall villeine her 
huſband beſet the houſe with bils & ſtaues, and that pe might be ſure no 
ſeeling nor corner ſhould ſhrowde me, he ſet the houſe on fire, and 
ſo burnt it to the ground. Why, quoth Mutio, and how did you 
eſcape? Alas, quoth he, wel fare a womans wit! She conueighed me 
into an old cheſt ful of writings, which ſhe knew her huſband durſt 
not burne ; and ſo was I ſaued and brought to Piſa, and yeſternight by 
her maide let home to my lodging. This, quoth he, is the pleaſanteſt 
ieft that euer I heard; and vpon this I haue a ſute to you, i am this 


4 - nitht 


OF WINDSOR. 315 
night bidden foorth to ſupper; you ſhall be my gueſt; onelye I will _ 
craue ſo much favour, as after ſupper for a pleaſant ſporte to make re- 
la tion what ſucceſſe you haue had in your loues. For that I will not 
ſticke, quoth he; and ſo he carried Lionello to his mother-in-lawes 
Houſe with him, and diſcoured to his wiues brethren who he was, and 
how at ſupper he would diſcloſe the whole matter : for quoth he, he 
knowes not that I am Margarets huſband, At this all the brethren bad 
him welcome, & ſo did the mother too; and Margaret ſhe was kept out 
of ſight. Supper-time being come, they fell to their victals, & Lionello 
was carrowſt vnto by Mutio, who was very pleaſant, to araw him to a 
merry humor, that he might to the ful diſcourſe the effect & fortunes of 
his loue. Supper being ended, Mutio requeſted him to tel to the gen- 
tlemen what had hapned between him & his miſtreſſe. Lionello with 
a ſmiling countenance began to deſcribe his miſtreſſe, the houſe and 
ftreet where the dwelt, how he fell in loue with her, and how he vſed the 
counſell of this doctor, who in al his affaires was his ſecretarye. Mar- 
garet heard all this with a great feare; & when he came at the laſt 
point ſhe cauſed a cup of wine to be given him by one of her ſiſters 
wherein was a ring that he had giuen Margaret. As he had told how 
he eſcapt burning, and was ready to confirm all for a troth, the gentle- 
woman drunke to him; who taking the cup, and ſeeing the ring, hau- 
ing a quick wit and a reaching head, ſpide the fetch, and perceived that 
all this while this was his louers huſband, to whome hee had reuealed 
theſe eſcapes, At this drinking ye wine, and ſwallowing the ring into 
his mouth, he went forward: Gentlemen, quoth he, how like you of 
my loues and my fortunes ? Wel, quoth the gentlemen; I pray you is 
it true? As true, quoth he, as if I would be ſo fimple as to reveal 
what I did to Margarets huſband : for know you, gentlemen, that I 
knew this Mutio to be her huſband whom I notified to be my louer; 
and for yt he was generally known through Piſa to be a iealous fool, 
therefore with theſe tales I brought him into this paradice, which in- 
deed are follies of mine owne braine : for truſt me, by the faith of a 
gentleman, I neuer ſpake to the woman, was neuer in her companye, 
neither doo I know her if I ſee her. At this they all fell in a laughing 
at Mutio, who was aſhamde that Lionello had ſo ſcoft him: but all was 
well,=they were made friends; but the ieſt went ſo to his hart, that 
he ſhortly after died, and Lionello enioyed the ladye : and for that 
theytwo were the death of the old man, now are they plagued in pur- 
gatory, and he whips them with nettles. 

It is' obſervable that in the foregoing novel (which, I believe, Shak- 
ſpeare had read,) there is no trace of the buck-baſket. In the firſt 
tale of The Fortunate, the Deceived, and Unfortunate Lowers, (of 
which I have an edition printed in 1684, but the novels it contains 
had probably appeared in Engliſh in our author's time,) a young ſtu- 
dent of Bologna is taught by an old doctor how to make love; and his 
firſt eſſay is practiſec on his inſtructor's wife. The jealous huſband 
having tracked his pupil to his houſe, enters unexpectedly, fully per» 

| : ſuaded 


3 
. 
9 


3 


316 MERRY WIVES, c. 

ſadded that he ſnold detect the lady ind her lover together; but the 
[gallant is protected from his fury by being concealed under a veep. of 
5 balf-dried z and afterwards informs him, (not knowing that his 


tutor was likewiſe his miſtreſs's huſband,) what a lucky eſcape he had. 


It is therefore, I think, highly probable that Shakſpeare had read both 
Rorics. MALONE. i e py 
. ' THE END OF THE FIRST VOLUME. 

: | | | . 


