a ee ee 
- 
ta 


er 


74% 


. 
* 


a Ar aera a ae 2. 2 a aa | 


Digitized by Google 


a 


“*Pe ~~ 
a 


THIS TO 


pe fete 2 | £23 MR “AC 
! oY OF SMES. 


i 
: |THE ° VALOROVS 
[| AND WITTIE - 
<a Kwicut-Errawnrt, 


/ 


Py, 
v isa DONQVIXOTE ULE 
Ofthe Mischa, 74, oes | 


JL, i F 
(a 


“Tht ont sh b, 5 pei 
f, 


: Pr inted by eilliaws Stansby, for Ed.B. lount and 
OY, Barretsc A GoD. 


catia a SE 
= 


Bee Tad 


eae a? 


TO THE RIGHT HO. 
NOVRABLE HIS VERIE: 
: GOOD LORD,THE ©: 
Lord of Watpven&.  - 


ice he ea | 


Be See 
‘ 


‘oo 


B>& a Ine Honourable Lord; hauing 

BS g Tranflated fome fue or fixe 

yeares agoe,the Hiftoric of Don 

nf Quixote, out of the Spanilh 

re4 tongue into the Eng!ith, in the 
my {pace of forty daies: a ther- 

Q vnto more then halfe enforced, 

% through the importunitic of a 
very deere friend, that_was-defirous to vnderftand | 
the fubic@: AfterJ.had giucn him-oncea view there- | 

| of Icaftitafide, where it lay long time neglected in 

acorner,and fo little regarded by me as I ncucr once 
fet hand to reuiew or correct the fame. Since when, 
at the intreatie of others my fricnds,I was content to 
let itcome to light, conditionally , that {ome one or 
ther, would perufe and amend the crrours cfcaped; | 


—~ me = peti wee -. 


- 
= 


a: aie _- The Epifile Dedicstorie. =F, 


a 5 on] 


-my many affaires hindering mec from vnde 
| thatlabour. Now I vnder(tand bythe Print hi: 
the Copic was prefented to your Honour: whic, 
at the firft fomewhat difguftmee, becaufe as it mutt 
paffe, I feare much, 1 will proue farre vaworthy, ci-_ 
ther of your Noble view or protection. Yet finccit 
is mine,though abortiue, [doz humbly intreate,that 
your Honour will lend it a fauourable countenance, 
| there by to animate the parent thereof to preduce in 
time fome worthier fubiect, in your Honourable 
name, whofe marty rare vertues haue already rendred 

me {fo highly devoted to your feruice, as I will 

fome day giue very cuident tokens of the 
| fame, and till then I reft, 


Your Honoursmost affettionate|}: . 


_Sferuitor, 


T honnas Sheleon.. 


SST HOV maift beleewe mee( gentle Reader ) 
ot a3) without [wearing , that 1 could willingly 
BT) INC, defire this booke (08 a child .of underflas- | 
Bate ding jto be the mot beaut! fall; mallantawd 
Sy): diferect shat 9 pofsebly bringin | 
Bat I could not tranfgre(fe the order of Natare, wocretr 
caery thing begets hus leke:vebich being fo, what could my 
frevile and il-tild wit iagender, but the hiftory of 4 dry to- 
fled, & bumearons fas, full of various thoughts cr tonceits| + 
neuer before imagined of anyother: much like onewhowas | 
ingendred within fome neyfome prifon, where abdifiam-| = 1°. 
modsties heue taken poffc/ston, and all dolefull wopfes made | = | 
their habitation? feeing that reff, pleafant places, armenmt La 
by of she prelacs , the cheerefulucfe of cleeve skie,the mur-| 
weaving noyfe of the Cristal foustaines andthe quiet re- 
pofe of the fpirst ave great helpes for the moit barren Mu- 
les to [bow them felues fruitful snd tadbring forth snto the 
world [uch births as mayenrich it with admiration and 
delight.st oft times befals, that a father hath a chtld both 
by bith eusl-fauoured and quite deuoide of all perfection, \ | 
andyct the lone that hee beaves hems is fuch , as it caits a 
maske cner ine ties which binders bis discerning ¢ = 
a q 3 aulss 


be) 


To the Reader, 


faults and fimplicities thereof, and makes bim rather to 
deeme thems difcretions and beauty, andfotels them to his 
friends,for witty ietts and conceites. But (though in{hew 
a Father yet in truth buta flepfather to Don-Quixote) 
| will not be bors away by the violent current of the modern 
custome now a dates,and therefore intreate thee, with the 
teares alwmott in mine etes as ~~ 1ny others are wont to dee, 
(most deare Reader ) to pardon and dr fremble the faults 
which thoufbalt difcerne in this my fonne : for thouart 
neither bis kinfman nor fricnd, and thou hajt thy foule 
sn thy body,endthy free wil therein as abfolute as the bef}, 
and thon art in thine owne houfe wherein thou art as ab- 
Solute a Lardyes the King ts of bis fabfidies,andthou know. 
oft well she.commnon Proucrbe,that vnder my cloakea fi 9 
for the King,a/l which doth exempt thee and makes thee 
free fromallre/pett and obligation ; and fo thou wsatit 
babdely fayof this brStory whutfoener thou {halt think good 
without feare eyther to be coutrolled for the enil, or rewar- 
ded for the geod that thou {halt {peake thereof. = = 
I would very faine haue prefented it unto thee pare oy 
naked, without the ornament of a Preface, or tie rabble. 
| ment andCdvelogue of the wented Sonntts,Epigrams,Po- 
| emsyElegses Or, which are wost to bee put at the begin- 
ning of bookes. For § dare fay unto thec that (although st 
colt me forme paines to compofe it) yet in no refpec? did 
it equalize that which Iteoke to make this preface which 
thou doft now reade. I tooke oftentimes my pts inmy hand 
towrite tt,and as often fet it downeagsin,as not knowing 
what I fhould wrrte,aud being amce in. mule with wy pe- | 
per befare me, my pen.in neime care,wine elbow onthe ta- 
| ble end my handon my checke, imagining what | might 
write, 


Tothe Reader. 


TD, . - 
write, there entred a friend of mine vacxpectedly, who 


‘was avery diferet Cr pleafantly witted man:whofecing me 
[o penfatiue demanded of me the reafow of my mufing:and 
not consealing it from him, faid,that Lbethought my feife 
on my preface I was to make to Don-Quixotes biftery, 
‘which did fomuch trouble mt,as I neither meane to neake 
any at all, nor publi{b- the biftory of the sits of fa noble « 
knight. For how can I chufe(quoth 1) but bee much con- 
founded at that which the old legiflator ( the Vulgar} will 
{ate, when it fees that after the cad of fo many yeeres (as | 
are (peat fince Ifirft flept in the bofore of oblauton )I come 
ost loaden with my gray hiires,and bring with mea booke 
as avy 45 4 kexe, verd of inuention, barren ef good Phrafe, 
peor of conecipts,and altogether empty both of learning c | 
eloquencer without quotations on the margents,or annota- 
sions in theendof the béok,wherwith Ifee other books ave 
fs4ddornted be they wener fo idle, fabulous, andprop bane : 
fo full of fentences of Ariftocle and Plato aed the other 
crew of the Philofophers,as admires the Readers, makes 
them belecuc that shefe Authors are very lesrned and elo- 
guent.And after whe they c#té Plutarch or Cicero, what 
can they [ay but thas they are the fayings of S: Thomas or 
other Doctors of the Charch : obferuing herein fo ingeni- 
os a Methode, as in one line they will paint you an ina- 
moured zall,and 1 the other will lay you downe a little (ece- 
wine deucut fermon,fo that tt ieagreat pleefare and de- 
light to reade or beare it, all which things muff bee wan- 
ting in nry booke,for nerther hane I any thing to cite on | 
the margent,or notein the end, and much le(fe dee 1 know 
what _tuthors I follow , to pat thems at the begtuning as 
the cisflomse is ,Ly the lester of the A.BC. beginning with | 
. q 4 Ariftotle 


x aes 
—.)~Ct - . ea. tes ————— 


owen gam 


es. 


To the Reader, 


Ariftotle, asd ending i2 Xenophon , or in Zoylus or 
| Leuxis. Although the oye wea Rasler, and the other « 
| Painter. Solikewife fall my booke want fonnmets at the be- 
ginning,at leaft finch fonnets, whofe Aathors bee Duker, 
Mar que(fes,Earles,Bithops Ladies or famous Poets. Al- 
though tf I-would aemand them of two or three Artifers 
of mine acquaintance Iknow they. would make mee fome 
fuch, as thofe of the moit renowned tw Spairie, wonld in 
no wife be able toeguall or compare withthenn, . 
Finally good fir and my very deer friend, quoth 1)! de 
refolue that Sit Don-Quixote remain intombed among 
the oldresords of the Mancha,w0tsfi heamen ordaine [ome | | 
| one to adore him withthe manygraces that are yet wane} | 
ting : for I finde my felfe wholy uxable to remedy them, 
‘| through mine infufficiency and little learning: and al{g 
besanfe I ans naturally lazye end. wawillieg to-xoe fear. 4 ' 
ching for authors to fay that which I can fay well enough \ 
| lh dud bence practeded the perplexity and |. 
| extafie wheria you found me Munged. My friend hearing 
phat, and firiking bimfelfe on thefore bead , after « long 
| and lond laugber ais ke geod faith frseudyt hauempes at 
laft delinexea muy felfe-of a loagand intricate error wher-_ 
with Iwas poffe(fed all the time, of our acqnaratance , for 
| hither to Laccounted thee ener ts be difcreet and prudent 
in all thy actions , but now fee platnely that thou art as 
farre from that'l tooke thee to bev, 4s Heauen is frows the 
Earth. ; an ee oe | 
How is tt pofsible, that things of fo frail moment, and 
foenfie tobee redreffed,can awe force to [ufpend.and fwal- 
| low up fo ripe awit as yours hath feemed to beand fo fitted 
tobreak up andtrample.oucr the grease diffuulties thas 


Caz 


| To the Reader. | 


| | canbe propounded. This proceeds wot in good footh from| , 
| | defect of will, but from fuperfluity of flouth,and penury of 
difcourfe, wilt thou fee whether that fay bee trae or no? 
Listen then atteutinely awhile, and thou {halt perceiue 
bow in the swinkling of au eye, [will confound all the dif- 
frculsies and {upply all the wants which do fufpend,and af- 
fright thee from publifbing ta the world the Hidtory of | 
thy famous Don Qui-xote, thelight and mierour of 
all Knighthood Errant. | 
_ Say l pray thee quoth I (hearing what bee had faid, ) 
| | after what manger dof thou thinke to repleni{h the vacn- 
_ [teyofeny feareyand reduce the Chaes of y-confufran to 
(ay cleereneffeand light ? andhe replied: the firfi thing 
hereas thew foplt, of Sonnets, Epigrams, Eglogues Cre. 
(which are wanting for the beginning, andenght to bee 
written by crane and noble per{ous) may bee remedsed, if 
thou thy felfe wilt byt take a little paine fo.compaffe them, 
and thou weai/t after ware thi 2s thou pleafeft, and father 
| | thes on Prefter Lobn of the Indians, er the Emperor of 
Trapifonde whom L-knew were held to be famous Poets, 
and fuppofe they were not , but that some padantes cr pre- 
| | famptuons fellowes would backebite thee, and mxrmure | 
| | acacia this trath,thowacedft not waizh thems two ftrawes: 
| | for although they could prowe it to be an untruth, yet can- 
| wot they cut off thy bandfor it. == 7 
_ Astouching Citations in the margent,and authors out 
of whons thou may/t collect fentences and fayings to infert 
in thy history, there is nothing elfe to be dorte,out to bogbe ; 
. | éntost fomelatine fertences that thou knoweit already by 
| | vote, or maySt get cajily with alitle labour:as for example, 
wher thou treatest of liberty and thraldome , thou. mayst | 


cite 


eae 


-——_——« 


[. 


-| cite that, non bene pro toto liberras venditur auro: & 


‘Ly fade thy felfe flored with an other wotable notation, 


To the Keader, ' 


prefently quote Horace,or he whofcener els that faid st on | 
the mar ae If thon [bouldft/peak of the power of death, 


foepheard Dauid flew with the blow qi aflone inthe vale 

: ¢ booke of Kings, in }- 

the Chapter wherein thou {halt finde it written. a 

After allthis, to fhew that thon art learnedin hu- \- 
maine letters and a Cofmographer , take fome occafion to 

make mention of the riner Ta gusyand thu {halt prefent- | 


faying the river Tagus was fo caled of « king of Spaine, 
st takes tt beginning from {uch 4 place , and dies in the \ 
Ocean Seas , kifting fir it the Wales of the agen Citie1 
of Lisborne: And fome are of opinion, that the aa 
ee . 0ere-— 


‘Tothe Reader, 


thereof areof gold,cxc. If thon wilt treate of theeues,1|' 
will rectte the Hiftorie of Cacus to thee, for 1 know st by 
memorie. If of whoores or Curtezans, there thou hai 
the Bifbop of Mondonnedo, who will lend thee La- 
mia, Layda, asd Flora,whofe ansotation will gaine thee 
nofmall credit. If of cruel perfons, Quid will tender Me- 
dea. Jf of Inchaunters or Witches, Homer hath Ca- 
lipfo, aad Virgil Circe.. fof valerous Captaines, Lulius 
Cefar hall lend himfelfc in bis Commentaries to thee, 
andPlutatch {hall gine thee « thonfand Alexanders, If 
| thou dokt treate of loue, and bast but two ounces of the 
Thufcanelesguage, thou {halt incounter with Lion the 
Hebrew, whowill replenifb thy veffels with flore in that | 
kind, but if thou wilt not tranaile for st into flrange 
Countries thou haf here at home in thy boufe Fonfeca of 
the loue.of God, wheresn is deciphered all that either thou, 
or the moft ingeszons capacitic can defire to learne of that 
fubiett. In conclufion, there is nothing elfe tobe done but 
| that thou only indeanonr to name thofe sames, or to touch’ 
| thofe Hiflories in thine owne which I bane bere related, 
} andleaue the adding of Annotations Crcitations unto me, 
for I doe promife thee that I will both fillup the margent, 
end alfo pend foure or fiue fbeeses of aduantage at the end 
of the Booke. | oo: 

Now let vs come tothe citation of Authors , which o- 
ther Bookes hane, andthiee wanteth, the remedic hereof 
us very cafie, for thou needeft doe nought elfe but [eeke out 
a Boske that doth quote thems all from the Letter A. untill 
L.as thou faidtt thy felfe but euen now, andthon {bale fet 
that very fame Alphabet to thine own Booke. For although 

the little mece/sitce shat thou hadfite w/e, the er 


¢;  ° i #»* . we '@ 


a To the Reader, 
it in thy work,will prefently conuict thee of fallbood,ft maks 


| gaine nothing by the matter. Tet if I doe not erre in the| 
| conftderation of fowaichtie anaffatre,this Booke of thine 


.| a inuectine againf? Bookes of Kwighthood , a fubiedt | 


| shat thy labour doth ayme at no more then to diminifb the 


| with fignificant, plaine, honeft,and welordered words thy: 


tT Ee eg Eg ag TE an RFE RG ee Ue NENG a Poe ee ore 


no matter, and perhaps there may not a few bee foaundfo 
fimple,as to beleewe that thon haft holpe thy felfe inthe 
Narration of thy wmoft rmple and fincere Hiflarie, with: 
all their authorities. And though that laree ‘Catalbgue of 
Authors dee ferueto none othcr pur pofe, yet will it at liaft 
gine fome anthoritie to the Booke at the firft blafb: and - 
the rather ,becanfe none will bee fo mad 2a to flandtoexa. 
mine whether thou dof follow them or no, feerng theycan. 


needes none of allthefe things , for as much as it ws onely 


whereof Ariltotle seaer dreamed, Saint Balil faidwo- | 
thing, Cicero neuer heard any word. Nor doe the pane- \ 
tuslsties of tructh , nor obfernations of Aftrologie fall | 
withintheSpheare of fuch-fabulous leflings. Nor -dee | 
Geometrical dimenfions tmpartiteny thing nor thecon- 
futation of arguments vfxrped by Rhetoricke, nor ought). 
‘ittoPreach unto any the mixtare of boly matters with 
prophane., (a motley wherewith no Chniftian well{bould 
be attyred,) oncly it hath neede to helpe it felfewithimi-.\ 
tation, for by how much the more tt ballexcell thercin,by \' 
fomuch the more will the worke bee efteemed. And fince.\ 


authoritie and acceptance that Bookes of Chiualrie hawe 


inthe world, and among the vulgar , there 1s no occafion |. 
| why thou {houldeft goe begging of fentences from Philofo- |. 


phers, fables from Pocts, Orations from Rhetoritians,or-\ 


~ ¢@ 


‘wyracles from the Saints, but onely endeauour to deliuer 


leustall 


el 4 
= - & o 


oxumnreaec 


To the Reader. 


Toutall and cheerefull difcour(e, exprefsieg as peeve as 

| thow matest pofsibly thy intention , making thy conceites 
cleare,and not intricate or darke; and labour alfo that the 
melancholy Mare by the reading thereof, may bee urged 
| tolanghter, the pleafant di(pofition increased, the fimple 
| not cloyeds and that the indicions may edmire thy innen- 

| tron, the grese not de(pfe it, the pradent applande it . In 

i conclufion let thy prozect be to oucrthrow the sll compiled 
| Machina and bulke of thofe Knightly Bookes , abhorred 
| by many, but applauded by more. For if thow bri ng this 

| to pale, thon baff mot atchiened a fmall matter. 

Lliflned with very great atention to my friends /peech, 
andbis reasfons are fofirmely imprinted in my minde,as 
without making any replic unto thems , I approwed them 
allfor good , and framed my preface of them. wherein 
(fweste Reader) thow msaie/? perceive my friends difereti- 
on, my happineffeto mecte with fo zcod aCouncchonr at 
fuch apinch, and thine owne cafe, in finding fo plainely 

| 47d fincerely related, the Hiflorie of the famous Don 
Quixote of the Mancha , of whom st is the common opé- 
vatow of alithe inhabitants bordring on the fields of Mon- 
ticl, that be w.ts the mo chafte enamoured , andvaliant 
| | Kntght,that hath bene feenc,read, or heard of thefe many 
«| 48es. Lill not indeere the benefit and ferutce I haue done 
! thvee Ly making thee acquainted with fo Noble and Ho- 
nourablea Knight, but onely doe defiyethat thou gratifie 

me for the notice of tbe fameus Sancho Pancha his 
Squire , In whow in mineopinion are deciphered all the 


Squtrelike graces difperfed throuzhout the vaine route of 
Knightly Bookes. And bere witball { bid thee farewell, | 


and doe not forget me. Vale. 


} lo 


| $a Certaine Sonnets, written by 
Knights Errant, Ladies, Squires,and 
Horfes, inthe praifeof DoNQvIXxoTE, 


_ his Dame, his Squire, and 
STEEDE, 


EERE Dees Ie 


A™mAD1S of Gaulcin praile of , 
Don- Quixote. 


Hou that my dolefull life didft imicate, 
When abfent, and difdained it betell, 
_ Deuoideofloy, larepentant ftate | 

Did leade, and on the Poore Rock’s top did dwell, 
Thou that the ftreames, fo often from thine eyes 
Didft fucke of {calding teares diguftfull brine : 
And without Peuter, Copper, Plate, likewife, 
Watt on the bare earth, oft conftrain’d to dine, 
Liue, of one thing fecure eternally, a 
That whilft bright Phebus hall his Horfes{purre, 
Through the fourth Spheares dilated Monarchie, 
Thy name (hall be renowmed, neere and furre. 
And as mong(t'Countries, thine is beft alone, 


| Sothall chine author, Peeres, on Earth haue none. 


Don 


Whom, as by miracle I furely lou'd : 


c 


) 


Don Be trantrs of Greece to Don 
Qutxcte of the Mancha. 


Tore, I hackt, abolifhe, faid and did, - 
More then Knight Errant elfe on Earth hath done, 

I dcxtrous, valiant, and {0 ftout belide, 
Haue thoufand wrongs reueng gd, millions yndone, 

I haue done acts, that my fame eternize : : 
In Loue I courteous and fo Pcereles was; 
Giants, as if but dwarts, I did delpife : 
And yet no tine of L oue plaints, I Ice paffe. 

[ have held Fortune proftrate at my feetc, 
And by my witceafd on occafions top, 
Whofe wandring fteps, I led ~here I thought meete, 
And though beyond the CMoore my foaring hope, — 
Did crowne my hap, with all felicitie : 
Yet Great Quixote, doc 1 enuic thee. 


The Knight of theSunncALPHEBO, 
| to Don-Quixete. 


¥ {word could not at all compare with thine, 
Spanifh Alphebe ! fullof curtefie : 

Nor thine armes valour, can be matche by mine, 

Though I was fearde, whete dayes both {pring and dic. 
Empires I skorn’d, and the vaft Monarchie, 

Of th’ orient ruddie (offred me in vaine) 

Tlefc, chat I rhe foueraigne face might fee, 

Of my Aurora, faire Clarsdsane. 


So banifht by difgrace, even very hell, 
Quak’c at mine armie; that did his furie came : 


Bue thou, illuftrious, Gorhe, Quirore! halt proud, : 
A A : a) 


re LD 


| 


ee | 


Thy valour for Dileineas fake, fo well, 
As both on earth hauc saind ecernall fame. 


Oxranno Fvyatroso, Peereof France, tc 
Don-Quixote of the Mancha, 


Houch thou art not a Peere,thou hatt no peere, 
Who might among ten thoufand Peeres be one; 
Nor fhale thou neuer any Peere haue heere, 
Who cuer conquering, vang’uifht waft ofnone. 
Quixote Yme Orlande, that caitzaway 
For faire eAngelica, croft rewioteli feas, 
And did fuch Trophies on Fames altar lay, 
As paffe oblivious wretch,many degrees. : 
Ner can I bee thy Peere, for Peerle(nefie, 
Is to thy prowes dew and great renoune, - 
Although I left, 2s wellas thou my wit: 
Yet mine thoumaift be, ifthy good fucceffe 
Mahe thee, the proud AZoore tame, and {chite thar 
Vs equals in difyrace, and being fit. 


a 


(crowne 


| ‘Soxis Dan, to Don-Quixote of | 
the Mancha. 


M Auere the rauings,that are fet abroach, 


And rumble vp and downe thytyoubled braine: 
Yct now thine acts Quixote can reproach 


Or thy proceedings, taxe as vile, orvaine, — 
Thy feates fhalbe, thy faireft ornament 
(Secing wrongs to'ndoe, thou goefithus about ) 
Although, with blowes, a thoufand times y-fhluc 
Toou wert, well nigh, yee'uea bythe mifcrcant route. 


on — And 


> . eee ~ a —_  ~ 


And if thy faire Dadcinea, fhall wrong 
By milregard, thy fairer expectation, 
And te thy cares will lend no ighta ing eare. 
Then Jet this comfore ali thy woes out weare 
That Sancho faild in brokers occupation, 
He foolith, cruell hee: thou, without tongue.. 


ee 


The Princes O-n 1 aN aofGreat Brittaine, 
to Lady Dulcinea de Tobofo, — 


YY Appie thafe which.fer more commoditie 
And tafe Dulemea tairc ! could bring topaffe, 

That Greene Witch, where T obofo is might bee - 

AndiLendawchane'd, where thy Kaights village was, 
Happre fhe chat might body and foule adorne 

With thy rich li'uery, and thy hie defire: 

Andtce thy happic Knight by honour borne. - -. 

Jo crueli combat, broach iag out his Ire. | 
Buchappicitthe, that might fo cleanly {cape 

From Amadis, as thou.haft whilome done 7 

From that well manered Knight, Curteous Quixote: 

O! were I thee, Id’een’uy now once hap,. 

And hadbeene merry, when I mot did moane 

And tane my pleafure, without paying fhot,. 


Gandaline, Amadis of Gaules Squiresto Sancho 
Paitca, Don-Quixotes Squtre.. 


Aile famou’s.man! whom fortune hath fo blift 
When firft in Squitclike trade, it thee did place: 
As thou didft (oft, and (weetly paffe diferace, 

, Or thou thereof the threatnine danger wilt. 


he Shouell or Sickle little doe refit = 
The wandring exercife; for nowe’s in grace, ty. 
Plaine Squirelike dealing, which doth quite deface, » 
His pride,that would the AZoore boare with hisfif, — 
Thine Affe I Iointly enuie and chy name, 


And eke thy Wallet I doe emulate; 


An argument of thy great prouidence: | | 
Haile once againe; who, caufe fo good a man, 
Thy worthes, our Spanith Owid does relate, 


And louely chaunts them, with ail reuerence, 


LEAD 


A Dialogue betweene Basreca, Horfe to the 
Cid afamous Conquerogr of Spaine: and R o- 
ZINANTE Don-QvIXoTEs 


( ourfer. 


Ba. H Ow haps it Rezimanr, thou art fo leane? 
| Becaufe I trauaile till, and neuer eate : 
Ba. Thy want of Barley and Scraw, what doe’s it meane? 
Ro. Thatof my Lord, abit I cannot get. 
Ba. Away firlade! youare ill mannered, 
Whofe Affes tongue, your Lord does thus abafe : 
‘Ro. If youdid fee how hees enamoured, . 
You would conclude, that hee’s the greater Affe. 
| Ba. Islouea folly? (Rox ) {ure itis no wit. 
- |Ba, Thouarta Metaphifitian, (Rox ) for want of meate. 
| Ba. Complaine vpon the Squire. (‘Roz.) what profits it ? 
+ -Orhow’fhall I ny wofull plaints.repeate ! 
Since though che world impuges flowneffe to me, 
Y.t preater [ades, my Lord and Sancho be, 


The 


PCAs AC OEAN ad 
roa ac. fg) 3) 
Gai57 SEES 658 COSI SSISIESION 


The Table ofthe firft part of the delightfull 
Hiftorie of Don-Quixote. 


CHAPTER, I 
Herein is rehearfed the calling and exercifes of the 
VV renowned Gentleman Don-Quixote of the Mancha 
’ CHaprer. II. 
Treating of the firft [ally that Poa wade to feeke 


aduentures., 


Cw'sA PTER,. ITI. 
Wherein ss recounted the pleafant manner ebferned in the 
Knghting of Don- Quixote. 
Cuaprer, IIII. } 
Of that which be fellto our Knight, after hee pas ga laa 


fronsthe Inne, | 
¢ Cuarprer. V. | 
bY herein is profecuted the former narration of ony Fog sa 


CHAPTER. VI. 
Of the pleafant and curious fearch and inquifition made by 
the Curate and Barber of Den-Quixetes Librarie, 
CHaprer. VII. 
Ofthe fecond departure that the good Knight Don-Quix- 
ote cles from in onfe to feeke of eae . ia 
Cuaptrer. VIIL 
Ofthe good fneceffe Don- Quixote had inthe dreadfulland 
.neuer imagined aduenture of the Wud-mils , with other acci- 
dents worthy to be recounted, - 


misfortunes. | | 


a" 


co oe + The, 
7 f | 


The Contents. 


The Table of the fecond Partof the delightfall 
Hiflorie of Don-Quixoteof Mancha, 


CHAPTER. I. 


Herein is concluded and finsfted the fearefull battaile 

Tha the gallants. Bifcanie fought with Don- Quixote, 
CHaPtTer. II. 
Of that which befellto Don-Quixote after bee had left the 
Ladies e | “3 . 
CHaAPTrerR. III. 

Of that which paffed betweene Don-Quixote and certaine 
Goatheards, 


CuHAprer. IIII. 7 
' Of that which one of the Goatheards resonnted to thofe-| - 
that tranailed with Don-Quixote. / 

CHAPTER. V. ' 
wherein is findbed the Hifforie of the Paffora Marcella, 
with other accidents, . | | 

, -CuHartrer. VL = 

Wherein averebearfea the difpatring Uerfes of the dead 
S hepheard, with other vneapetled et: 25, 


The Table ofthe third Part of thedelightfull 
——— Hiftorie of Don-Quixoteof Mancha, 


Gama: EE 


CHAPTER L 
V Hereinis rebearfed the unfortunate adnenture hap- 


nedte Don-Quixote, by encountering with cer- 
tame Ganguefian Carriers, 
. a a 


| — The.Goméents.: 


: 7 CHuabrern. LI, | 
of hashed befellthe in i K nigh within the oo 
which be perpelee th ba aCafll | 
‘Crap * BR, ILE: 
whereiwae lade downa the ixummer abs re that 


the which-he.to bis dammage (uppofed 10 be a (afte, 
——-~ Gra PP! Rr, TER: oc 
Specifying the difconrfes palfed betmeene Sancho andhis 
Lord Dog: Quinéte ith ober’ Ocenrvemts eae) therecitall. 
CHARTER. V, 
Of the. difereete difcourfes bad between Sancho _ and bis 
Lord, wth the fucceedsng . Corer ke of adéad body, ando- 
| ther notable things. = 
Cana prea Vii ee 
| ” OF A wendérfrill aduentureatchiened wink fff bazapd, then 
ener any other Knight did sick 5 the valorone ‘Don:Quixote 
ae Mancha. A 2g 
ree vu, , 
Of the. high -aduentere, and rich prize of the Helmet ¢ of 
Mambiino, with other /ucceffas befallen the inuiseible K night. 
Craprern. VILL: |» 


tat were acarrience perfi.-to a place i defired nok, 
' \CraPre Red mh. 


prse&e 


‘CHAPTER. X.. 
Wherein is profecntedthe aguenture of Sierra Morena, 
_ CHaPTeR XI. 
which treates of the franze aduentures that hapned-to the 
ht of the Mancha in Sierva Morena: and of the Penance 
by ded shere i im ignitation of Beltinibros. 
CHAPTER, XII. 
Wherein are profecused.the prankes played .by Don-Quix- 


| Don-Quixote and his good Sqnire Sancho paffed in the Inne, 


‘Of the hbertie that: Don-Quixote Lane to many swretches, | 


| 


ote: gs 


The Conrenta : 


: 
ote in bis Amero ara rhe. monntaines ofS Sierra ane = 
rena. 


| CHAPTER: XI II. - | 
| Howthe (urate and Barber. put their pear in pradlife, 
'| with many other ching s oe ig ag ol aad va ste og | 
, Hi iftorie, a | i’ 


Eee abe 


The Table ofthe a Giurehs Part of the delightful: | 
| Hi —— ee | 


CHAPTER L- 


Herein is difcourfed the new aud pleafant dickies: 
Wx nanert? te the cae and fener ins m Sie. 
Morepa, 
C HAPTER. 1 I. os 
| which treater of the difcretion of the’ beamifull Dorot ea: 
aud of the-artific fed" te difftonde the pclae 
| Knight fraws conti bis penance ; nd how hee wai Fetten 
aid ‘with me: other deligbifull and pleafant oerMrrences. 
‘uw aAPrer. JIL - 

0 fi many pleafant difconrfes pafled bermeene Don: Quixote’ 
and thofe of his companie, after that he bad abandoned the yi-' 
Sorous place ef his penance, == | 
. CHAPTER, J 6 & 

Of the pleafant dsfcourfes continned betweene Don-Quix. 
ote and his Squire Sanche Panca,with other adwentures. 

CHAPTER, a 


Treating of that which befell al Don-Quixotes traine Re 
the Inne. 


_ 7 ~~ - 


CHaPrer, VI, 
syhereinis viceusied the nontlle the Curions impertinent, 
CHAPTER. VIJ, 


Whereinis profecuted the nenell of the Csrions Impertivzesr . 


, 


fs 


Most Ile watovs 
Knight Bowe-Quixote of 


_theM. AN CH he 
aa 


: es btn Pare, @ o a 


CHAP. 1° Peta 


where inis rehearfe d the cabling, hd exercifesofw 1 


renowmea Gentleman Don- Juixore *r a “phe 
Mancha. — | as 
: . . ; an «¢ ee 
Dag Here liued nor se font ince ina certaine 
: vilage ofthe ALancha,the name wher- 
of I pirpofely omit, a Yeoman of 
J- cheir calling that vfe és pile vp in their 
hals olde i” aunces, Halbards, Morri- 
4 ons, and {uch other armours and wea- 
~~ pons. He was befides:mafter of an an- 
cient Target, a leane Stallion , and afwift Grey-hound. 
His pot confifted daily of foricwhat more Beefe ther 


Mutton, 


HISTORIES? "OF: al 


te a oe on eee ~ renege anne geenan panto) ape ae ar Ce a Se 


— nee ee ee 182 e-yme |= 


The delightfull Hiftorreof the =| Panr.t. 


manasa ES Se a 
Mutton, alittle minced meate‘cuery night, griefes and 
complaints the Saturdayes, Lentils on Fridaycs , and now 

and then a. Pigeon of refpett on Sundayes ; did confume 

three parts of his rents : the reftand remnant thereof was 

(pent on a Jerkin of fine puke, a paire of veluet hofe, with 

antofles of the fame for the holly-dayes,and one appa- 
cell of the fineft veflure ; for therewithall he honored and 
fet out his perfon on the worke dayes. Hee had in his 
houfe a woman-feruant, ofabout foie forty yeares old, 
anda nicfe not yet twenty , anda man that ferued him 

both in fielde and at home, and could faddle his horfe , 
and likewife manage a pruning hooke. ‘The Mafter him- 

{elfe was about fifty yeares olde,ofa {trong complexion, 
drie flefh,and a withered face : he was an ae : 


rifer, and | 
a great friend of hunting. Somme affirme that his furname 
was Quixada or Quefada (for itt this there is fome vari- 
ance among the auchours that write his life ) although it 
‘may be gathered by very probable coniectures, thathee 
{ was called! Quixana.Yet all this concernes our hiftoricall 
relation but little ; let it chen fuffice,that in the narration 
thereof we will not vary atop fforn the triith.: 
You fhall cherefore wit ,@hat this, Yeoman abouena- | 
med the fpirts, that he wasidle ( which w. : the longer | 
part of the yeare) did apply himfelfe wholly to the rea. 
ding of bookes. of Knight. hoed,and that with fuch gufts |: 
| and delights , as he almoft wholly negleéted the exercife |, 
of hunting, yea and the very adminiftration of his houfe 
hould affaires: and his ‘curiofity and folly caine ro that 
paffe,thathe made away many acres of arable land to 
| buy him bookes of that kind ; aad therefore he brought 
to his houfe as many as ciel abate pet of that fubiccdt : 
and among them all none pleafed him better then thofe 
which famous Felician of Silaa compofed. For the 
fmoothnefle of his profe, with now and then fome intri- 
cate fentence medled, feemed to him pecrlefle ;and prin- 


: cipally when he did reade the louc dalliances, or lett 


Coen 


e18 
of | 


Parti. ‘wittie Knight Don-Quixote, 


of challenge,thac Knights fent to Ladies , or one to ano- 
ther 5 where,in many places he found written the reafon 
of the vnreafonablenefle , which againf{ my reafon is 
wrought,doth fo weaken my reafon, as with all reafon J 
doe iuftly complaine on your beauty. And alfo when he 
read The high Heauens, which with your diuinity doe 
fortifie you diuinely with the ftarres , and make you de- 
feruereffe of the deferts that your greatneffe deferue, &c. _ 
With thefe and other fuch paflages the pooreGentleman 
grew dillraéted , and was breaking his braines day and 
night te vnderttand and vnbowell their fenfe. An endles 
labor , for euen eA rifforle himfelfe would not vnder(land 
chem, though he were againe refufcitated onely for that 
purpofe, He didnot like fo much the i Sy Seas 
blowes that Don Belianis gaue and tooke in fight; for, 
as he imagined,were the Surgeons neuer fo cunning that 
cured them, yet was it impoffible but that the patient his 
face & all his body muff remaine full of fcars,and tokens: 
yet did he praife notwithRanding in the authour of that 
Hiftory,the conclufion of his booke, with the promife of 
the endleffe aduenture,and many times he himfelfe had a 
defiretotake pen and finifh it exactly asit is there pro- 
mifed ;and would doubtlefly haue performed it,and that 
certes with happy fucceffe,if other mere vrgent and con- 
tinuall thouehts had not difturbed him. 

Many times did he fall at variance with the Curate of 
his village(who was a learned man, graduated in Cignen- | 
ca)touching who was the better Knight Palmserin of 4, 
England ,or eA madis de Gaule: but Matter Nichols the 
Barber of the fametowne would affirme, that none of | 
both arriued in,worth to the Knight of the Sun ; and if. 
nyone Knight might paragon with him, it was infallibly 
Don Galaor, Amadis de Gaulesbrother , whofe nature 
might fitly be accommodated to any thing ; for hee was 
not focoy and whyning a Knight as his brother, and that | 
it} mattersof valour,he did not bate him aa (ate. al 


a 
—_— 0 eee 


a . 
7 ae 


* A famous 
Captaine of the 
WW Spanifla mation. 


eS a aaah en agg Sa eT AS A A ene I 


The del:ghtfull Hiftorie ofthe Part.1 


In refolutien , he plunged himfelfe fo decpely in his 
reading of thefe bookes , a3 he {pent many timesin the 
1 ecture of chem whole dayes.and nights; and in the end 
through his little {leepe and much reading, he dryed vp 
his braines in {uch fort as he loft wholly his iudgement. 
His fantafie was filled with thofe things that he read, of 
enchantments,quarrcls,battels,challenges, wounds , wo- 
ings, loues, tempetts, and other impoffible follies. And 
thefe toyes did fo firmly poflefle his imagination with an 
infallible opinion, that all that Machina of dreamed in- 
ventions which he read was true,as he accounted no Hi- 


fory in the worldto be fo certaine and fincere as they | 


were, He was wont to fay that the “ (id Raydiaz was 
avery good Knight, but not to be coinpared to the 
Knight of the burning fiwoed , which with one chwart 
blow cutafunder two fierce and mighty Giants, He a- 
orced better with Bernardo del (‘arpio , beeaufe he flew 
the enchanted Rowland in Ronce/uales. Helikewile liked 
ofthe thift Hercules vied when he fmothered e4nteox 
the fanneof the earth betweenc his armes, He prayfed 
the Gyant CA forgant imruelloufly , becaule though hee 
was cf chac monitrous progeniz , who are commonly ali 
of them proude and rude, yet he enely was attable and 


courteous, But he agreed beft of all with Reinzuld of 


Mount alban;and moftof all then, when he Jaw bim 
fale out of lus Caftle co rob as many aé eugr hee-could 
meete:and whenmorcouer he robdthe Idoll of C9£2- 
homet wade alofootd.as his Hiflory recountsyind weuld 
op Sees Y see 
be contént to eiue his foule,yea and his Nicic alfo, fora 
: Fe) > 3 


| gocd oportunity on the traytor Galalos , thathe might 


lamb-skin and trampte him into powdey fs 
Finally, his wit being wholly extinguifhed ; he fell in- 
to one of the ftrangelt conceits that cucr mad-man {tum 


bled on: in this world,to wir, it {eemed vnto himvery re- ; 
cuifite and behouctull, as well forthe augmentation of | 


hishonours, as allo forthe benefite of the Common- 
‘ wealth, 


_7— «men 


ale 


PARTI. wittie Knight Don- Quixote. 


wealth,that he himfelfe fhould become a Knight errant, | 
and goe throughout the world, wick his horfe and armor 
to fecke aduengures,and practife in perfon all thar he liad 
read was vied by Knights of yoare;reuenging of all kinds 
of inmries, and offering himfelfe to occafions and dane | 
gers: which being once happily atchieued , miyht paine 
him eternall renuwne. The poore foule did already fi- 
gure himfelfe crowned, through the valour of his arme, 
at leaft with the Empire of Trapefonda: and ledde thus by 
thefe foothing thoughts,and borne away wich the excee- 
ding delighc he found in them, he haftened all that he 
might,to effect his vrging defires. 

And firft of all he caufed certaine olde rufly armes to 
be fcoured, that belonged to his great Grand-father,and | 
lay many ages neglected, andforgotten in a by-corner of 
{ his houfe ; he trimmed them and drefled them the bef 
he mought, and then perceiued a great defect they had ; 
for they wanted an helmet,and had only a plain morrion: 
but heby his induftry fupplicd that want; and framed f 
with certaine papers pafied together, a Beaver for his |. . 
Morrion. True it is,that to make tryall whether his pa- 
fled Beauer was {trong enough , and might abide the ad. | 
uenture ofa blow , he out with his {word , and gaue ica | 
blow or two,and with the very firft did quite yndoe his 4 
whole weekes labour : the facility wherewithall it was 
- diffolued liked him nothing ; wherefore to affure him- 
felfe better the nexc time from the like danger,he made it 
anew,placing certaine iron barres within it , in fo artifici- 
all manner,as he refted at once fatisfied, both wigh bis in- 
uention,and alfo the follidity ofthe worke ; and without 
making afecond tryall, he deputed and held it in eftima- 
tion of a moft excellent Beaner. Then did he prefently vi- 
fit hishorfe, who though he had mere corners thena | 
Spanifh Reall,and more faults then Goxellas, hauing no- |. 
thing on him but skin and bone ; yet he thoughe that | 


neyther eLlexanders Bucepbalus ,ncr the Cid his horfe 
2 \Babieca, 


es Se -o- 


” 2 ae aa - Ns 


eae a 


18 


6 | The delightfal Hiftorteof toe = Ee ART.I 


Rr ea i Denes a eee ea een 
Balieca,were in any refpect equall to him, He {pent foure 
dayes deuifing hima name: for ( ashe reafonedto him- 
felfe ) it was not fit chatfo famous a Kniogts horfe , and 
| chicfly being fo good a beaft, fhould want a knowne 
name; and therefore he endeueured to give him fucha 
one,as fhould both declare what fometime he had been, 
before he pertayned toaKnight errant, and alfo what 
prefently he was: for it ftood greatly with reafon, feeing 
his Lord and Mafter changed his eflate and vocation , 
that he fhould alter likewife his denomination, and get a 
new one,thatwere famous and altifonant, as becommed 
the new orderand exercife which he now profefled : and 
therefore after many other names which he framed, blot- 
ted out,reieCted added, vndid, and curned again to frame 
in his memory and imagination , he finally concluded to 
name him ‘Roxinante,a name in his epinion,lofty,ful,and 
fignificatiue of what he had beene when he wasa fimple | 
herle,before he wasexalted to his new dignity ; being as 
be thought, the beftcarriage beaft of the world. The | 
neme being thus giuen to his horfe, and foto his minde , 


Abovfe of Tabor 
or civriage WB 
Sponcfiris called 
Rozin and the 
J word Ante,fic 


. nifies Before : as : 7 

; iis Reta ie relolued to giue himfelfe a name alfo, and in oe 
anteisaborje { thought he laboured other eight dayes ; and in conclufi- 
that fometime 


on,called himfcl’e Don- Quixote; whence (a5 is {aid ) the: 
Authours of this moft true Hiftory deduce, that he was 
yndoubtedly named Qaixada,and not Qdefadaas others.} 
would haue it. And temembring'that the valorous e4- | ° 
mad:s was not fatisfied onely with the dry name of e4- |. 
madis but added thereunto the asme of his Kingdome 
and Countgy, to render hisowne more redoubted , ter- 
ing hinWelfe Amadis de Ganla ;{o he, like a good 
Knight would adde co his owne, that-alfo of his Pre- 
uince ,gnd call himfelfe Den--Qnixote of the Mucha, 
wherewith itappeared , that he very liucly declared his 
linage and countrey, which he did honour, by taking it 

forhisfurname, - | 
His armour being fcoured, his mortion transformed 
oe - into 


—_—— 


was of carriage. 


Natl so cll maha So oe 


— -~ . 


—neee | ET. . 7 


Parti.  wittieKsight Don-Quixete. 


into an helmet, his horfe named, and himfelfe confirmed 
with anew name alfo ; he forthwith bethoughe himfel'c 
thacnow he wanted nothing bota Lady , on whom hee 
might beftow his feruice and affection ; for the Kuight 
errant that is Joueleffe, refembles a tree that wants Icsues 
and fruit,or a body withouta foule: and therefore hee 
was wontto fay, If I fhould for my finnes, or by good 
hap encownter there abroad with fome Giani(as Knights 
errant doe ordinarily ) and that I fhonld ouerthrow him 
with one blow to the ercund,or.cut him with a ftroke in 
two halues,or finally ouercom,& make him yeeld to me, 
would it not be very expedientro haue fome Lady, to 
whom | might prefent him ? And that he entring in her 
prefence do lay himfelfon his knees before my {weet J.a- 
dy,and fay ynto her with an humble & fubmiffiue voyce : 
Madam!I am’theGianc Caraculiambro,Lord of the Hand 
called Af ahndrania,whom the neuer-too-much-prayfed 
Knight Don-Onixote de la Mancha hath overcome in fin- 
gle combat; and hath commaunded to prefent my felic 
to your preatnefle, that it may pleafe your Highneffe to 
difpofe ofme according vnto your liking. O! how glad 


_.f Was our Knight when he had made this difcourfeto him- | 
| felfe,but chiefly when he had found out one, whom he 


“might call his Lady. For,as itis imagined,there dwelled 
in the next yillage vnto his Mannor, a young handfome 
wench,on whom he was fometime in loue , although as 
is vnderfiood, fhe neuer knew or tooke notice thercof, 
She was called eA /donca Lorenco, and her he thovght 
fictefito inticle with the name of Lady of his thoughts, 
and fearching aname for her that fhould not vary much 
fromher ewne, and yet fhould draw and aucere fome- [ 
what to chat of aPrinceffe or great Lady, he called her 
Dulcinea del Tobof (for there fhe was borne*) a name in 
his conceit harmonious .ftrange and fignificatiue’, like to 
afl che others that he had giuen to his things. 

; B4 OEHAP, 


ie  st—‘<—i—CO—e 


a a ee lin ee 


The delightfull Eiitory of the 
Cuap. II. 
Of the fir ft faly that Don-Quixote made to feeke ad- 


UCBEHT CS 


PART. 1c 


perce og Hele preuentions being made, he would | 
ie 14| [ogy deferre the execution of his defignes no 
a WAN longer, being {purd on the more vehe- 
ro) Wg fd de ewant which he efleemed 
PRTEL his delayes wrought in the world , accor- 
ding to the wrongs that he refolued cto right , the harmes 


| he meant to redrefle,the excefles he would amend, the a- 


bufes that-he would better,and the debts he would fatif- 
fie. And-therefore without acquainting any liuing crea- 
ture with his intention,he vnfeene of any,vpon a certaine 
morning ,fomwhat before the day(being one of the war- 
meft of luly ) armed himfelfe Cap a pie, mounted on Ro- 
zsnante , laced on his il-contriued Helimct,imbraced his 
Target,tooke his Launce, and by a poflerne doore of his 
bafe-court iflued out to the field, marueilous iocund and 
content to fee with what facility he had commenced his 
good defires. But fearce had he fallicd-to the fields when 
he was fuddenly affaulted by a terrible thought,and fuch | 
aoveas did welnigh ouerthrow his former good pur- 


- pofes ; which was , he remembred that he wasnot yet | 


dub’d Knight, and therefore by the lawes of Kuighthood 
neyther could nor ought to combat. with any Knight. 
And though he were one, yet oughthe to weare white {° 
armout likea new Knight, without any. deuice in his 
Shield, vntill he did win it by force of armes.. a 

Thefe thoughts did make him.tagger in his purpofes ; } 


, | buthis follies preuayling more then any other reafon, he 


purpofed to caufe himfelfe to be Kni chted by the firft he 
met,to the imitation of many others, that did the fame,as 
he had read in the bookes which diftrafted him. As tou- 
ching white armour,he refolued with the firft oportuni- 
| Ne 


Paxt.l.  wittie Knight Don-Quixete. 


ty to fcoure his owne fo well, thatthey fhould ref whi- 
ter then Ermines : and thus he pacified his mind, and pro- 
fecuted his iourney, without chufing any other way then 
that which his horfe pleafed, beleeuing that therein con. 
filted the vigor of Knightly aduenturcs. Our flowrifhing 
aduenturer travelling thus onward , did parle with him-” 
* felfe in this manner: Who doubts in the enfuing ages, 
“‘ when the true Hiftory of my f>mous aétes fhall come | - 
°¢ co light,but that the wifeman who hall write ic will 
“¢ begin it when he comes to declare this my firft fally fo 
“ early in the morning, after this manner. Scarce bad the 
“© ruddy Apollo fpread oner the face of the vaft- and {pactous 
“ earth, the golden twifts of hes beautifull layres and {carce 
<< badthe litsle enameld birds with their naked tongues fa- 
“* [uted-with fweet and” mellifluons harmony, the arrinall of 
“6 Rofe Asrora, when abandoning her icalous husbands 
** foft couch , fhee fhewes her. felfe to mortall wights 
* through the gates.and windowes of the * ALanshegall 
"| “ Orizon. When the famous Knight Don- Quixote of the 
“ Mancha ,abandeniag the flouthfull plumes,did mount 
€¢ ypon his renounced horfe Rezgrante , and began to tra- 
“€ nell through theauncient and notorious fields of Afon- 
<€ trel,(as indeede he did)and following fill on with his 
<¢ Difcourfe,he {aid : O ! happy. the age, and fortunate 
‘<che time , wherein my famous feats fhalt be reuealed, |. 
<< feats worthy to be grauen in braffe , carued in marble | 
_| © &deliueredwith moft curiousarte in tables, for a future 
“ inflruction and memory. And thou wife: enchanter , 
‘¢ whofoeuer thou beeft , whom. it-fhall concerne tobe 
“ the Chronicler of this range Hiflory , | defire thee not 
| ‘ toforget my good horfe Rozénante, mine eternalland }- 
** infeparable companion in all my iournies and courfes. 
And then as if hee were verily enamoured , he faid, 
“O-Princefle DaslsineasLady of this captive heart, much 
“ wrong haftthou done me by difmiffing me, andrepro- | 
“ching me with the rigorous decree & commandement 
not 


* Meledions. 


“elit countrey 
the Mancha. 


{oO 


~ The delightfullHiftory ofthe = Panr.t. 


ee cE a Ae ce RA 
“not to appeare before thy beauty : I pray thee {weete 
“ Lady deigne to remember thee of this poore fubiected 
« heart,that for thy loue fuffers fo many tortures. And 
with thefe words he inferted a thoufand other rauings 
all after the very fame manner that his bookes taught 
+ him, imitating as neereas he could their very phrafe and 

language , and did ride therewithall fo flow a pace, and 
the Sunne did mount fo fwiftly , and with fo evreat heate 
as it was fufficient to melt his braines if he had hadany | 
left. . 

He trauelled almoftall that day , withoue encountring 
any thing worthy che recitall, which made him to fret for 
anger,for he defired to encounter prefently fome one vp- 
pon whom he might make trial of his inuincible ftrenyth. 
Som authors write that his firft aduenture was that of the 
Lapicéaz Rtraites , others, that ofthe Winde-mils; but 
what] could only find out in this affaire, and that which 
1 haue found written in the Annals of the Mancha is, 
that he trauelled all that day long , and at nighe both he. 
and his horfe were tyred,and marueiloufly preft by hun- 
ger,and looking about him on euery fide,to fee whether: 
he could difcouer any Caftle or Sheepe-fold , wherein he J 
might rétire himfelfe for that night, & remedy his wants 5 | - 
he perceiued an Inne,neare ynto the high way wherein 
he trauelled; which wasas welcome a fat to him , as if 
he had feene a ftarre,that did addreffe hin to the porch, 
if nut to the Pallace of his redemption. Then {purring 
his horfe,he hyedall he might towards it, and arriued 
much about night fall. There flood by chance at the Inne 
dore , two young women aduentirers likewife , which 
_trauelled toward Ssesll with certaine Carriers,and did by 

chance take vp their ladging in that Inne the fame eue- 
ning 5 and for as muchas our Knight errant efteemed 
all which he thought, faw, or imagined , was done or did 
really paffe in the very fame forme,as he had read the like 
in his bookes: forthwith as fooneas he c{picd the Vent 


he 


eee ett te tn 


‘| affrighted,to get to their lodging. ButDon--Quixete,per- |: 


PARTI. wittie Knight Dow- Quixote. 


he fained to himfelfe that it wasa Cafile with foure Tur- 
rets, whereof the Pinacles were of oliftring filuer, with- 
out omitting the draw-br=!ge,deepe feffe, and other ad- 
herents belonging to the like places :_ And appreching 
by lictle and little to the Vent,when he drew neere to ir, 
checking Rozinante with the bridle , he refled a while to 
fee whether any dwarfe would mount on thebattlements 
to piule warning with the found ofa Trumpet, how fome 
Knight did approach the Caftle : but feeing they flayed 
fo long, and alfo that Rezinante keptacoile to goe to his 
ftable,he went to the Inne dore , and there beheld the 
two diftracted wenches , that flood at it, whom hee pre- 
fently (uppofed tobe two beautifull damzels or louely 
Ladies, that did folace themfelues before the Cafile 
gates. Andin this {pace it befell by change, that acer- | 
taine Swine-heard as he gathered together his hogges , 
blew the horne, whereat they are wont tocome toge- 
ther;and inftantly Dow- Dasxote imagined it was what he. 
defired,te wit,forae dwarfo who gaue notice of his arri- 
uall; and therefore with marucilous fatisfaction of minde 
he approchedto the Inne and Ladies ; who beholding | 
one armed in that manner to draw fo ncere, with his}. 
‘Launce and Target, they made much haftbeing greatly |! 


ceiuing theirfeare bytheir Sight, lifting vp his patted | 
Beauer, and difcouering his withered and dufly counte- {. 
nance, did accofi chem with gentle demeanoure & graue 
' “ words in this manner: Let not your Ladifhips flie,nor |: 
“feare any outrage , for to the order of Knighthood] | 
<* which I doe profeffe, itroucheth nor appertayncth not} - 
<¢’to wrong any body, and leaft of all fuch worthy dam- | 


- 1 66 zels as your prcfences denote youto be. The wenchcs}. . 


looked on him very earneftly , anddid fearch with their 
eyesforthe vilage, which ‘his il-fafhioned Beaucr did 
conceale : but when they heard them({clues terrncd dam- 


zels,a thitig fo farre from their profcffion, they could nut 
* cone 


ge CCEA A ECE cea 
2 | The delightful Hiftorse of the Parr 


containe their laughter, whieh was fo loude, as Don- 
Quixote waxed afhamed thereat, and therefore {aid to 
“ them: Modefty is a comely eznament of the beautifull, 4" 
« and the exceffiue laughter that fprings froma light oc- 
« cafion,muftbe reputed great folly: but I donot obiect | 
“ this vnto you to make you the more afhamed , or that |’ 
*€ you fhould take it in ill part : for my defire is none o- 
“ ther then to do you all the honour and feruice I may. 
This he fpake-vnto them in fuch vacouth words , as they 
could not vnderftand him,which was an occafion,ioyned 
with his owne yncomelineffe , to encreafe their laughter 
and hjs wrath , which would haue paft the bounds of rea- | 
fon, if the In-keeper had not come out at the inflant ; be- 
ing aman who by reafon of his exceeding fatneffe , muft 
needes haue beene of a very peaceable condition, who 
beholding that counterfeit figure, all armed in fo vnfuta- 
ble armour , as were his Bridle,Lance, Target, and Corf- 
Jet, was very neare to haue kept the damzels company in | 
the pleafant fhowes of his merriment : but fearing’ in ef- 
1 feet the ALachma and bulke contrived of fo various fur- 
nitures,he determined to {peake him fairely,and therfore 
began to him inthis maner : If your worfhip(Sir Knight) 
doe fecke for lodging,you may-chalke your {elfea bedde 
(for there is none in this Iane)whercin you fhall finde all 
other things in abundanee. Don-Quixete noting the 
lowlineffe of the Conftable of that Fortreffe(fer fuch the 
Inne & In-keeper feemed vnto him) anfwered, any thing 
Sir * Conflable,may ferue me ; for mine armes are mine 
ornaments,and battels mine eafe,&c. The Hofte thought 
he had called him a CaSfellano or Conflable , becaufe be 
efleemed him to be one of the fincere and honef{ men of |. 
Caflile, whereas he was indeede an Andaluzian, and of 
the commarke of S. Lwcars, no leffe thieuifhthen Cacns, 
nor leffe malicious and crafty then a fludent or page; and 
therefore he anfwered him thus: Ifthat be fo,your bedde 
muftbe hard rockes,and your fleepe a perpetual! watch- 


ing: , 


* Here the Spa- 
nifh is Caftella 
no,that is i the 
Spani{h tongue 
ryther a Con- 
: lable ofa Cafile, 
or one borne in 
Caftile. 


—, | 


PARyI. wittie Knight Don-Quixete, 12 


ings: and being fuch , you may bold’y allight, and fhall 
findecertainly here occafion and ,oportunitie to holde 
you waking this twelue-moneth, more for one night: 
and {aying fo, laid hand on Dow-Quixores Rirrop , who 
did forthwith allight,though it was with great difficulty 
andpaine ( asone that had not eaten al] that day one 
crumme)and then he requefted the Hc fte to hauc fpeciall 
careofhis horfe, faying , he was one of the beft pieces 
that eucr cate bread. The In-keeper viewed and review- 
ed him,to whom he did not feemc halfe fo good as Don- 
Quixote valued him 3 and laying him vp in the {table , he 
turned to {ce what his Gue(t would command , who was 
a difarming by both the damzels ( which were by this 
time reconciled to him) who though they had taken eff 
his breft-plate and backe parts, yet knewthey not how, 
nor could any wife vndo his gorget,nor take off his coun- 
terfeit Beauer, which he had taflened on with ercene rib- | 
bands: and by reafontlic knors were {o intricate , it was 
tequifite they fhould be cut, whereunto he weuld notin | 
any wife agree; and therfore remained all the night with 
his helmet on,and was the ftrangeft and pleafantedt figure 
thereby that one might behold. Andas he was a difar- 
ming (imagining thofe light wenches that holpe him, to |. 
be certaine principall Ladies and dames of that Caiile ) 
he {aid ynto them witha very poodprace: Neucr was a- 
ny Knighe fo well attended on, and ferued by Ladies as 
was Don- Ouixoteswhenhe departed from his village, 
damzels attended on him,and Princeffes on his horfe. O 
| ‘Poxinante , for (J.adies)that is the rame of my horfe,and 
| Dos. Ouixote dela Mancha isiine ownce.For although 
| Imeancat the firlt nor to kaue difcoucred my felfe, vnull 


~~ ee oo 


the aéts done itt your feruiec and benefite fhould manifefi 
me, yet the neceffity of accomodating to our prcient pur- 
pofe,the olde Romaunce of Sir Lasncelot hath beene an 
occafton that you {hould know my name before the 11 eht 


feafon s but the tine will come whereiti your Ladifhips 
: may 


a ak Bs me é 
~- ae Ce ov ets «2. ww tena - - wo leew. oe ete ome geet — - w ~ eheoan— -— ———— oa 
eee —_ eee ee eee ee be = 


14 


more delicate fleth then Beefe or the Kid , which is bet- 


, Then was there fraight laid a table at the Inne dore,that 
' he mought take the airesand the Hoft brought him a por- 


{port was to behold him eate: for by reafon his helmet 


The delightful HiStery ofthe Parr.t. 


may commaund me, and] obey, and then the valor of 
mine arme fhall difcouer the defire I haue to doe you 
feruicc, 7 

The wenches being vaaccuftomed to heare fo rheto- 
ricalltermes,anfwered neuer a word to hin , but onely 
demaunded , whether he would eate any thing? That] 
would, replied Den- Outxote , for asmuchas I thinke the 
taking ofa little meate would be very behoouefull for 
me. Icchanced by hapto be on Friday, and therefore 
there wasno other meat in the Inne,then a few pieces of 
a fith called in Caftile eAbadexo, in Andaluzia Basakae, 
and in fome places Curadello,and in others Truchuela,and 
is but poore-Iohn. They demanded of him therfore whe- 
ther he would eate thereof, giuing it the name vied in 
that place of Trachwela or little Troute, for there was no 
other fifh in all the Inne to prefent vnto him bur fuch? | 
Why then qaoth Doa- Quixote bring itin, for if there be | 
many little Trouts,they may ferue me in flead of a great 
one ; it being all oneto mete be paide my money (if] 
were to receiue any)in eight fingle Reals, or to be paide 
the fame in one Reall of eight.And moreouer thofe lit- 
tle Trouts are perhaps Jike ynto Veale, which is much 


ter then the Goat: but be ie whatit lift,let it, be brought 
in prefently ;for the labour and weight of armes. cannot 
be well borne, without the well fupplying of the guttes, 


tion of euil watered,and worfe boyled poore-fobn, and a 
loafe as blacke and hoary as his Harnefle: but the onely 


was on,and his Beauer lifted , he could put nothing into 
his mouth himfclfe,if others did not helpe him tq finde 
the way; andtherefore one of thofe Ladies ferued his 
turne in thac: but ic was alrogether impoffible to giue 
him drinke after that manger, and would hauc oo | 

* 


PaRtel. wittie Knight Don Quixote. 


eS I 
fo for euer, if the In-keeper had not boared aCane, and 


fetting the one end in his mouth, poured downe the wine 
atthe otherzall which he fuffered moft patiently becaufe 
he would not breake the ribbans of his helmet. And as 
he (ate at upper, there arriued by chance a Sow-gelder, 
who as foone as he came tothe Inne did found foure or 
flue times a whiftle of Canes, the which did confirme 
Don- Rainere that he was in fome famous Caftle , where 
he was ferued with muficke, and that the poore-Iohn 
was Trouts,the bread of the fineft flower, the whoores 
Ladies, and the In-kecper Conable of that Caflle: 
Wherefore he accounted his refolution and departure 
from his owne houfe very well imployed. But that 
which did moft afflict him, was, that he was not yet dub- 
bed Knight;for as much ashe was fully perfwaded that 
hecould not lawfully enterprife or follow any aduen- 
ture,vntill he receiued the order of Knight-hood. 


Cudy, ML 
wherein is recounted the pleafant manner obfernedin 
‘the Knighting of Don-Quixote. 


a, of.9 Nd being thus toffed in minde, he did a- 
Pod N\aeeey breviat his Tauernely and limited fupper ; 
wi \S2 ‘which being finifhed ; hee called for his 
C Bae ay horfe , and fhutting the Stable dore very 
5 J ae ome falt , he laid himfelfe down vpon his kaces 


from the plac€ where ] am valorous Knight, vntill your 
curtefie fall graunt vnto mea boone that J meane to 
demand of you, the which will redound vnto your re- 
powne,and alo to the profite ofall humane kinde. The 
In-kee per feeing his gueft at his feete, and hearing him 


{peake thofe words, remayned confounded beholding | 


him, 


pe entree AO 


————- 9 


in itpefore him, faying , I-will neuer rife} 


e 
F . > . 
a _ os Ag: c oe .8 - 


[16 | _ Thedelighaful Mifare ofthe Parzat.| 


him,not knowing what he might doe or fay,and did ftu- 
die and labour to make him arife : but all was in vaine, 
vntill he muft haue promifed vato him, that he would 
oraunt him any gitt thathe foupht at his handes, I did 
neuer expect leffe(ceplied Don- Quixete)from your great 
magnificence my Lord,and therctore J fay vnto you that |. 
a eee which I demaund of you, and thac hath beene 
graunted vnto me by your liberality , is, that to morrow 
in the morning you wil dubbe me Knight, and this night 
‘| will watch mine armour in the Chappell of your Ca. 
fle,and in the morning, as I haue faid , the reft of my de- 
fires fhall be accomphfhed, that I may goe in due manner 
throughout the foure parts of the worldto feeke aduen- 
tures, to the benefit of the needy, as is the duety of 
| Knight-hood and of Knights errant, as I am, whofe de. 
fires are wholly inclined and dedicated to fuch atchicue- 
ments, The Hofte,who,as we noted beforc,was a great 
-giber,& had before gathered fom arguméts of the defect 
of wit in his guelt, did wholly now perfwade himfelf that 
his fufpicions were true, when he heard him {peake in 
that manner : and that hee might haue an occafion of 
laughter,he refolued to feed his humour that night, and 
therefore anfwered him,that he had very great reafon in 
that which he defired and fought , and that fuch proieéts 


], Percheles, | were proper and naturall to Knights of ‘the garbe and 
* Axogn elo. worth he feemed to be of : and that he himfelfe likewife 

| ° The Potron of | in his youthfuil yeares had followed that honourable ex- 
Cordoua ts a caaiverk hd; Ci idte-t 
certaine foun. | €¥cile,going through divers parts of the world to feeke 


taine where | aducntures , without eyther omitting the” dangers of 
flazds a Pegalus: Malaga ,the Ifles of Riaran, the compaffe of Siuill, che 
and spt t foun-4 * Quicke-filuer-houfe of Segouia, the Oliue-field of Va- 
basa Nell ,. | lencia,the Circuit of Granada,the wharfe of S. Lucor;the 
{ ny-catching fel. | Potro or Cowlt of Cordoua, and the little Tauernes of 

lowesyas Duke | Toledo; and many el alias he pra&tifed the 
rlumérey at dexterity ofhis handes,, doing many Wrongs, folliciting 
Paules. many widdowes,vndoing certaine maydens , and decei- 


on ) Ui : S 


OL ee — 
e . : 


Parts. —-wettia Knight Don- Quixote. 


uing many pupils, and finally making himfelfe knowne 
and famous in all the Tribunals and-Courts almoft of all 
Spaine,and that at laft he had retired himfelfe to that his 
Cafile,where he was {uflained. with his owne and other 
mens goeds ; entertayning in it all Knights crrants, of 
whatfoeuer quality and'condition they were, onely for 
the great affection he bore cowards them, and to the end 
they might dinide with him parc of their winnings in re- 
compeace of his good will: he added befides , thatchere 
was no Chappeliin his Caftle , wherein he might watch 
his armes, for he had broken it downeto build it vp a- 
new : but notwithflanding he knew very well that in a 
cafe of neceffity,they might lawfully be watched in any 
other place, and therefore hee might watch them that 
| night in the bafe Court of the-Cafile; for in the morning, 
and pleafed God,the ceremonies requifite fheuld bee 
done in fuch fort,as he fhould remainea dubbed Knight, 
in fo good fafhien, as in all rhe world he could not be 
bettered. He demaunded of Don-Quixete whether he 
had any moncy? who-anfwered that he had nota blanck, 
for he had never read in. any Hiflory of Knights errants, 
that any one of them evercaried any money. To this his 
Hofte replied, that he was deceiued;for adavit that Hi- 
ftories made no mention thereof, becaafe the auchours of | 
them deemed it not nexeflary toexprefie a thing fo msani-. 
feft,and needfull to be carried as was money and cleane| 
fhirts : it was not therefore to be credited,that they had 
none; and therefore he fhould hold for moft certaine and 
manifeft,that all. the Knights értant, with the ftory of 
whofe aéts fo many bookes are replenifhed and heaped, 
had their purfes well linedfor that which might befall, 
and did moreouer carie with them a litle Casket of oynt- 
ments and falues, to cure the wounds which they recei- 
ued ;for they had not the commodity of a Surgeon 
to cure them,euery time that they fought abroad in the 
fields and defarts, if they had noc by chaunce fome = 


Ne. 


17. 


BE pe ee ee me INST Sey RES me Ct eg a eR Ee nee EME AG RE ye gee CLS I eee fee 
Ne nanan a Ts 
18 The delightfall Hiftorieof the Part. 


Enchanter to their friend , who would prefently fuccour 
them, bringing vatothem in fome.cloude through the 
ayre fome damzell or dwarfe, with a Violl of water of fo 
) reat vertue,as tafting one droppe therof, they remained 
} 
: 


wT 


as whole of their fores and wounds, as if they had never 
receiuedany. But when they had not that benefite ,the 
Knights of times paft held it for a very commendable and 
fecure courfe, that their Squires fhould be prouided of 
money and other neceffary things, as linte ,and oynt- 
ments for tocurethemfelues : and when it befell that the 
like Knights had no Squires to attend vpon them (which 
hapned but very feldome ) then would. they themfclues 
cari¢ all this prouifion behindethem on their horfes, in- 
fome flight and fubtile wallets , which could {carce be 
i perceiued,asa thing of very great confequence.For!if it 
were not vponfuch an occafion , the cariage of wallets 
} was not very tollerable among Knights errat.And in this 
refpect hedid aduife him, {ceing he might yet commaund | 
him as onethat by receiuing the order of Knight-hood | 
at his hands, fhould very fhortly become his God-childe, 
that he fhou!d nottrauell from thence forward withour 
inoney,and other the preuentions he had then giuen ynto 
him; and he fhould perceiue hin-felfe how behoouefull 
they would proue vnto him,when he leaft expected it. 
| Dan- Quixote promifed to accomplish all thache had 
counfelled him to doe, with all puntialit'y; and fo order 
Was forthwith piuen how he fhould watch his armes in a 
great yard that lay neere vnto one fide of the Inne: 
wherefore Dow- Qaixote gathering all his armes toge- 
ther,laid them ona Citerne that ftood neer vnto z Well: 
and buckling onhis Taract, he laid hold ort his Launce 
-| and walked vp and downe before the Ciflerne very de- 
a mutely;and when he began to walke the night likewife, 
; began tolo. ke vp the fplendor ofthe day. The In-kees 
perinthe smeane feafon recounted to all the ref that 
|_dged in the Inne the folly of his gueit, the watching of 
: his 


_ mas i eS Sree ee 8 ee eer 


jhe vr es Peas a a ee 


Part. wettie Knight Don- Quixote. | 19 


his armes and the Knighthood which he expeéted to re- 
ceiue. They all admired very muchat fo ftrange akinde 
of folly,and went out to behold hin from a farre off, and 
faw that fometimes he pranced too and fro with s quiet 
ecfture; other times leaniag vpon his Launce he looked 
vpon his armour, without beholding any othcr thing 
faue his armes for a good {pace. 

The night being fhut vp at laf wholly, but with fuch 
cleerenefle of the Moone,as it might well conapare with 
his brightneffe that lene her her (plendor , euery thing 
which onr new Knight did,was eafily perceiued by all the 
beholders. In this feafon one of the Carricrs that lodged 
in the Inne refolued to water his Mules, and for that pur- 
pofe it wasneceflary to remooue Don- Dusxotes armour 
that lay on the Cefterne ; who feeing him approach, faid 
vnto him with a loude voice : Othou! whofocuer thou 

| beeft,bold Knight,chat commeft to touch the armour of 
the moft valorous aduenturer that ever gyrded {word, 
| looke well what chou doft , and touch them not ifthou 
meancft not to leaue thy life in payment of thy prefump- 
tion. The Cartier madeno account of thofe words ( but 
it were better he had, for it would haue redounded to his 
benefite )but rather laying hold on the leathérings,threw 
the armour a prettie way off from him: which being per- 
ceiued by Don- Quixote, he lifted vp his eyes towards 
hcauen,andaddreffing his thoughts (as it feemed ) to his 
*€ Lady Dalcimea he faid, Afiili me deere Lady in this firft 
“ dangerous {corne and aduenture offeted to this breaft, 
* chat is inthralled to thee,and let not thy fauor and pro- 
“tection faile me in this my ficlt Traunce. And vetering 
thefeand other fuch words, he let flip his Target , and lif-} . © 
ting vp his Launce with both hands, hepaide the Carricr 
{fo rounda knocke therewithall on the paté, as he ouer- 
threw himto the ground in fo euill taking , as if he had 
" feconded it with another,he {hould not have needed any 
Surgcontocure him, This pane ended, he'gathered vp | 


. » sm > vit DB ten pthmch - =e 
: Ope teen = 
ny LI — LITE ee ee ey : 


20 


| the Cefterne of encumbrances,and take water the eafier : 


| “ Knighthood;he- would inake him vaderfland his trea- 


The delightfull Hifforieofthe Par Td. | 


his armour againe,and laying them where they had been 
before,he walked after vp and downe by them, withas 
much quietneffe as he did at the firft. : 

But very foone after, another Carrier without know- 
ing what had hapned (for his companion lay yet ina 
trance on the ground)came alfo to giue his Mules water, - 
and comming to take away the armes,thathe might frec | 


D on- Quixote faying nothing, vor imploring fauor of his 
Miftris or any other, let flip againehis Target, and lifting | 
his Lance, without breaking of it in pieces , made more | 
then three ofthe fecond Carriers noddle; for he broke it | 
in foure places, All the people of the Inne, and amongtt 
them the Hof like wife repaired at this time to the noile: 
which Don. Quixote perceiving , imbracing his. Taract , 


2 9 


‘*and laying hand on his {word, he faid : O Lady cf all 
“« beauty,courage,and vigour of my weakned heart, it is 
“now high time that chou doe conucrtthe eyes of thy | 
“€ oreatneffe to this thy Captive Knight, who doth expeét : 
** fo marucilous great an aduenture. Saying thus,he re- 
coucred as he thought fo great courage, that if'al the Car- 
riers of the world had aflayled him, he would not go one 
{teppe backward, The wounded mens fellowes, fecing 
them fo euill dight, from a farre off began to raine {tones 
on Den- Quixote , who did-defend himfelfe thebefthce ! 
might with his Target,and durit not depart from the Ce- 
fterne,leaft he fhould feemero abandon his armes, The 
Inkeeper cryed to themtolet him alone ;for he had al- 
ready informed them that he was madde , and for fuch a 
one would {cape {cot-free although he had flaine them 
all. Done Quixote likewwite cryed out louder , terming 
thew all difloyall men and traytors, and thatthe Lord of 
the Caftle was atreacherous and badde Knight, feeing 
he confented that Knivhts errant. fhould be fo bafely v- 
fed sand that if he had not yet receiued the order of 


rr cp NE ET IORI ata — ey an nee —— 


fon. 


rene 
“fon, but of you bale and rafcally Kenell ( quoth he) * 
“T make noreckoning at all: throw at mc, approach, 
“draw neare, and doe me all the hurt you may , for you 
“ thallere long perceiue the reward you fhall carie tor 
this your madneffe and outrage. Which wordes hee 
fpeke with fo great {pirit and boldneffe, as hee ftroke a 
cerrible feare into all chofe that affaulted him: andther. | 
fore moued both by it, andthe Inkeepers per{wafions, | 
they left off throwing flones at him, and he permitted 
them to carie away the wounded men, and returnedto 
the guard of hisarmes , with as great quietnefleand gra- 
uity,as be did at the beginning. 

The Inkeeper did not like very much thefe jefts of his 
oueft and therfore he determined to abbreuiare,and giue 
him) the vefortunate order of Kniohthood forthw ith, be- 
fore fome other difafter befell: and with this refolution 
comming ynto him,he excufed himfelf of the infolencies 
thofe bafe fellowes had vfedto him, without his priuity 
or confent,but their rafhneffe , as hefaid , remayned well 
chatifed: He added bow he had already told vnto him, 
that there was no Chappel in bis Caftel,and that for what 
yetretted voperfedted of their intention, it was notne. 
ceflary,becaufe the chiefe point ofremaynin 6 Knighted, 
confifted chiefly in blo-xes of the necke and thoulders, as 
he tad read in the ceremonial] booke of the order, and 
that,chat might be giuen in the very mid{tof the ficldes ; 
and that he had already accomplifhed the obligation of 
watching his armes , which with only two houres watch 
might be fulfild ;how much more after hauing watched 
foure,as he had done. Allthis Don- Quixote beleeucd,and 
therfore an{wered, that he was mofi ready to obey him, 
& requefled him to conclude with al the brevity poffible: 
fur ifhe faw himfelfe Knighted, and were once againe 
aifaulced,he meant not to leave one perfon aliue in all the 
Cafile,except thofe which the Conftable fhould com- 


mand, whom he would fpare for his fake, 
3 The 


PARTI. wittie Knight Dow Quixote. 


ee ee ee 


The delicht{ull Hiflorie ofthe Part. 
The Conflable being thus aduertifed, and fearefull 


that he would put this his deliberation in execution , 
brought out a booke prefently , wherein he was wont to 
write downe the accounts of the Qraw and Barley, which 
he delivered from time to time , to fuch Carriers as lodg- 
ed in his Inne, for their beafls: and witha but ofa candle 
, whicha boy held lighting in his hand before him.accom- 
panied by the two datnzels aboue mentioned,he came 
to Don- Quixote, whom he commanded to kneele vpon 
his knees,and reading in his Mannal(as it fecmed fome 
deuoute Orifon)he held vp his hand in the mid of the 
LeCure,and gaue him a good blow on the neckc,and af- 
ter that gaue him an other trimme thwacke oucr the 
fhoulders with his owne {word ( alwayes murmuring 
fomething betweene the teeth as ifhe prayed) this being 
done,he commaunded one of the Ladies to gyrdon his 
{word which the did with a fingular good grace and dex- 
teritic, which was much,the matter being of itfelfe fo ri- 
diculous,as it wanted but little to makea man burt for 
laughter at cuery paflave of the Ceremonies + but the 
proweffe which they had already beteld in the new 
Knigne, did limit and contain their delight at the eyrding 
01 ofhis {word,the good Lady faid,God make you a for~ 
tunate Kaiehe, and giue you good faccefle in all your 
debates, Don-Ovixote demauaded then how the was 
. | called, thathe might thenccforward know to whomhe 
‘ wes fomuch obliged for the fauour receiued 2? And fhe 
antwered with ereat buxomnes.that the was named 7% 
fofa,and was a butcher$ da uvhter of Tol:do.that dwelt in 
the Rewes of Suneho Beneza ,andthat fhe would euer 
honourhimas he¥ Lord. Don. Quixote replicd , requc- 
ting her for his {sketo ca!l her felfe from thence forth 
the Lady T olofé , which he promiled him to performe. 
The other Lacy buckled on his fpurre, with whom hee 
had che very like conference: and asking her name, thee 
told him fhee was called ALolinera, and was daughter 


et eee oe a qe 


ta 


‘ 


on wa 


‘ 
ee oes a ae se ree eye ee 


A 
PARTI. wittie Knight Dow Quixote. 


toan honeft Miller of e4utequera : here likewife our 


Knight intreated to call her felfe the Lady (Mosnera, 
profering her new feruices and favours. The new and 
neuer-feene before Ceremonies being thus {peedily fini- 
thed,as it feemed witha gallop , Dox- Quixote could not 
reQ yntill he were mounted on horfe-backe, that hee 
might goeto feeke aduentures; wherefore caufing Ro- 
zinanteto be inftantly fadled, he leaped on him, and im- 
bracing his Hofte,he {aid vnto him fuch ftrange things, 
gratifying the fauour hee had done him in dubbing him 
Knight,as ic is impoflible to hit vpon the manner of re- 
counting themright. The Inkeeper that hee might be 
quickly rid of him,did anfwere his wordes with others 
no lef rethoricall,but was in his {peech fomwhat brief- 
er ;and without ‘demanding of him any thingfor his 
lodging, he fuftered him to depart in a forrunate houre. 


Cuap. IIII. 


Of that which befell toonr Knight, after he had depar- 


ted from the Inne, 


»_@ Vrora began to difplay her beauties about 
<% the time a Don- Quixote iflucd out of 
SZ che Inne,fo content, liuely, and jocund to 
ay behold himfelfe Knighted , as his very 
= horfe gyrts were ready to burft for joy: 


plements that he waseutcr to carie about him , of money 
and cleane fhirts,he determined to returne to his houfe , 
and to Bronide himfelfe ofthem,and alfo ofa Squire;ma-. 


king ec Sunt to intertaine acertaine Jabourer his ncigh- 


bour,who was poore,and had children, but yet one very 
fit for this purpofe,and Squirely function; belonging to: 


Knight- 


but calling to memory the counfels that. 
his Hofte had given him, touching the moft needfullim-. 


23 


The delightfull Hiftorie of the Part 


Knighthood. With this determination he turned Rozi- 
zante towards the way of hisowne village ,. who know- 
ing in a manner his will,began to trotte on with fo good 
awill , ashe feemed not to touch the ground. He had 
not trauellcd farre, when hee choughtthat he heard cer 
taine weake and delicate cryes , like to thofe of one that 
complayned to iflue out from the thickeft of a wood that 
flood onthe righthand, And {carce hadhe heard them 
¢¢ when he faid: I render infinite thankes. to heauen for 
“che fauour it doth me, by profering ine fo foene occa- 
“¢ fions. wherein Imay accomplifh the duety of my pro- 
* feffion,and gather the fruits of my good defires : thele 
‘plaints doubriefly be of fome difltrefled man or wo- 
“¢ man, who necdeth my fauour and ayde. Then turning 
the raynes,he guided Rezimante towards the place from 
| whence he thought the complaints {allied ; and within a 
few paces after he had entred into the thicket, he fawa 
Mare tyed ynto an Holme Oake,and to another was tied 
a young youth all naked fram the middle vpward of a- 
bout the age of hftecne yeares , and waghe thatcried fo 
pitifully : and nat without caufe ; for a certaine Countri- 
| nan of comely perfonage did whip him. witha girdle,and 
accompanied eucry blow with a reprehenfion and coun- 
fell,for he faid,the tongue muft peace, and the eyes be 
wari¢ : and the boy anfwercd, I will neuer dee it againe, 
| good Matter s forthe paffion of God, I will neuer doc it 
againe. And I promife to haue more care of your things 
from henceforth, a et 
But Don- Quixote viewing all that pafled,faid with an 
‘“angry voyce : Difcourteous Knight, it is very vacomely 
“‘tofcethcedeale thus, with one that casnot defend 
“¢ himfelfe,leape therefore a horfe-backe , and take thy 
“* Launce (for the Farmer had alfo a Launce leaning to 
“the very fame tree,whereunto his Mare was tied) for I 
* will make thee know, that itis the vfe of Cowards to 
“‘deethat which thoudoft, The other beholding fuch 
an 


f 


a 


o*s 
. : 


Parti.  —-wittle Knizht Don-Quixote. 


an Anticketo houer ouer him,all Jaden with armes,and 
brandifhing of his Lannce towards his tace,made full ac- 
count that hee fhould be flaine , and therefore hean{we- 
red with very milde and fubmiffiue wordes , faying , Sir 
Knight, the boy which I chaftife is mine owne feruant, 
and kecpcth for me a flocke of fheepe in this Com- 
marke ; who is growne fo negligent , as hce loofeth one 
o- them cuery other day,and becaufe I correct him for his 
carclefnefle and knauery, he fayes I doe it through coue- 
toufnefle and pinching , as meaning to defraude him of 
his waees; but before God and ib confcicnce he belies 
“me, What? The lie, in my prefence rafcally clowne ? 
“Quoth Don. Quixote by the Sunne. that doth kindle 
“this world , I am about to runne thee thorow and 
‘¢ chorow with my Launce bafe Carle; pay him inflant- 
*¢ ly withoue more replying , or elfe by that God which 
“doth mannage. our .fublunar affaires, I will con- 
“‘clude thee , and annihilate thee in a moment; 
“loofe him forthwith, The Countrey-man hanging 
downe of his head, made no replie , but faofed his 
feruant ; of whom Don- Quixote demaundcd: how 
much ‘did his Mafler owe vato him ? hee faid, one 
monethshire, acfeuen Reals amoneth. Dore Quixote 
made then the account, and found that all a- 
mounted to feuenty and three Reals ,- and there- 
fore commaunded the Farmer to pay the money pre. 
fently, if hce meancd notto die forie, The fearefull 
Countrey-man an{wered , that by the trance wherein he 
_was then,and by the oath he had made ¢ which was none 
at all, for hee {wore not ) that hee ought not fo 
much: for there fhould bee deduéted ont of the 
accounts three paire of fhoes hee had ‘given yn- 
to him, and a Reall for twife letting him bloud, 
being ficke.. All is well, quoth Dow Quixote, bur 
let the price of the fhoes and letting bloud , goce for 
the blowes which chou: haft giuen him without a- 


ny 


25 


aes 


| 26 The delightfullHistory ofthe Panrr.t. 
my defert; for if he haue broken the leather of thofe 
t 


\ 


| Shoes thou haft beflowed on him, thou hat likewife 
torne the skinne of his body; and if the Barber tooke a- 
way his bloud being ficke, thou haft taken it out, he be- 
ing in health ; fo as in that refpeét he owes thee nothing. 
The damage is Sir Knight,replied the boyes Mafter , that 
Ihaue no inoney here about me. Let e4ndrew come 
with me to my houfe,and I will pay him his wages, one 
Real] vpon another, I goe with him,quoth the boy, E- 
uill befall mechen. No Sir,I neuer meant it; for as foone 
as caer he were alone,he would fley melike S. Bartho/o- 
mew, He willnot dare to do it, quoth Don- Quixote ,for 
nry commaund is fufficient to make him refpect me, and 
fo that he will {weare to me to obferue it by the order of 
Knighthood which he hath receiued , I will fet him free, 
and affure thee of the payment. Good Sir, quoththe 
youth,marke well what you fay, for this man my Matter 
isno Knight,nor did ever receiue any order of Kuight- 
hood; for he is John Haldudo the rich man , a dweller of 
Quintanar, That makes ao matter,quoth Don- Quixote, 
for there may be Knights of the Haldados: and what is 
mozc, euery one is fonne of his workes, That’s true, 
‘ quoth ee bi of what workes can this my Mafter 
be fomne,feeing he denics me my wages, and my fweate 
and labour ? I doe not denie thy wages friend eAndrew, 
quoth his Mafter ; doe me but the pleafure to come with 
me,andI{weare by all the orders of Knighthood that 
are in the world,to pay thee as I haue faid, one Reall vp- 
“pon another, yca and thofe alfo perfumed. Forthe 
* perfuming I thauke thee,quoth Don Ouxote , give it 
“him in Reals,and with that J will reft {atisfied; and {ee 
“¢ that thou fulfilleft it as thou haft{worne:ifnot, I Gear 
“fagaine to thee by the faine oath to returne and fearch 
“thee,and chaftife thee,and I will finde theo out,though 
+) “thou didft hide thy felfe becter then a Lizarde : and if 
| “thou defirclt to note who commaunds thee this, that 


oa - thou 
ern reer - cprwtGiycia : 2 i 


PARTI.  wettie Knight Don-Quixote. 


<¢ chou mayeft remaine more firmely obliged to accom- 
<¢ plifh it,know that Iam the valorous Dox-Qnixote of 
the CALancha che righter of wrongs and vidoer of in- 
“ juries,and fo farewell: and doe not forget what thou 
“« haft promifed and {worne on paine of the paincs alrea- 
dy pronounced. And faying thefe wordes , he {purred 
Rozinante , and in {hort {pace was got farre off from 
them. The Countrey-man purfued him with his eye, 
and perceiuing that he was patt the wood and quite out 
of fight,he returned to his man e4ndrew,and {aid to him 
come to me childe,for I will pay thee whacI owe thee, 
as that righter of wrongs hath left me commanded. That 
I fweare,quoth e4ndrew, and you fhall deale difcrectely 
‘in fulfilling that good Knights commaundement , who | 
pray God may liue a thoufand yeares: for {ecing he is fo 
valorous and {o iufla Iudge I {wear by Reegue,that if you 
pay me not,he fhall recurne and execute what he promi- 
fed. Talfo doe {weare the fame quoth the Farmer, butin 
refpect of the great aftection I beare vito thee_I wil aug- 
mentthe debt,to increafe the payinent ; and catching the 
youth by the arme,he tied him againe tothe Oake, where 
he gaue him fo many blowes as he left him for dead. Call 
now Mafler Andrew(quoth he)forthe rivhter of wrongs, 
and thou fhalt fee that he cannot vndo this, although I 
belecue it isnot yet ended tobe done. For I haue yce a 
defire to fleathce aliue,as thou didfi thy felfe feare. Not 
withftanding a thefe threats, he vntied him at lal}, and 
oaue him leaue co goc feeke out his Iudge; to the end ine 
might execute the fentence pronounced, eudrew de- 
parted fomewhar difcontent,, {wearitig to fearch forthe 
valorous Don-Ounixote of the Mancha,ind recount vn- 
tohim point by poincall that had paft, and chat hc fhoutd 
pay the abufe with vfury: but for all his threats he depar- 
ted weeping,and his Maiter remained bebinde laughing; 
andin this manner the valorous Doz- Qurxore redrefic 
that wrong, Who 


a 


‘The delightfullHifforie ofthe Parr.t. 


Who glad aboue meafure for his fuccc fle , accounting 
himfelfe to haue given a molt noble beginning to his 
feats of armes,did trauell towards his village , with very 
great fatisfaction of himfclfc,and faid ina low tune thete 
“‘ wordes enfuing : Well maift thou call thy felfe happy a- 
« boue allother women of the earth,O / aboue all beau- 
“ ties beautifull Dalcinea of Tobo/a , Gnce thy good for- 
“ tune was fuch, to hold fubiect and proftrate to thy will 
‘and defire fo valiant and renouned a Knicht asis , and 
© ever fhall be, Don- Quixote of the Mancha: who,as all 
«che world knowes, received the order of Knighthood 
«but yefterday , and hath deftreyed to day the greateft | 
‘* oucrage and wrong that want of reafon could forme, 
—\torcruelty commit. Today did he take away the whip | 
ce out of that pictileffe enemies hand, which did fovcruel- 
“ Jy fcourge without occafion the delicate infant. 

In this difcourfe he aimed toa way which diuided it 
felfe into foure, and prefently thefe thwarting crofle 
wayes reprefented then:felucs to his imagination, which 
oft-times held Knights errant in fufpence, which way 
they fhouldtake 3 andthathce might imitate them hee 
ftood ftill a while, and after he had bethought himfelfe 
well,he let flip the raines to Rezmante, fubiecting his will 
tothat of his horfe, who prefently purfued his firftde- 
fione,which was to returne home vnto his owne ftable: 
and hauing trauelled fome two miles , Don. Ouixete dil- 
covered a great troupe of people, who as it was after 
knownc,wete certaine Merchants of Zoledo , that rode 
cowards (Murcia to buy filkes : they were fixe in num- 
ber,and came with their * Qustafoles or fhadowes of the 
Sunnc,foure Seruing men a horfe-backe , and three Lac- 
keyes. Scarce had Don- Quixote perceiued them, when 
he ftraight imagined them to be a new aduenture: and 
becaufe he would imitate as much as was poffible the paf- 
fages which he read in his bookes,, he reprefented this to 
himfelfe to be iuft {uch an aduenture as hee purpofed to 

atchicue. 


a ap ——_ ee 2 ee 


Pant...  wittieKnight Don-Quixote. 


atchieue. And fo with comely gefture and hardinefle, 


ferling himfelfe well in the flirrops, he fet his Launce in- 
to his reft;and imbraced his Target, and placing hinfelfe 
inthe midft of the way, he ftood awayting when thofe 
Knights errant fhould atriue 3 for now hee iudged ard 
tooke then! for fuch : and when they were fo neare as 
they might heare and fee him, he lifted vp his voyce, and 
“faid: Let all the world fland and paffe no further, ifall 


| “che world will not confeffe , that there is notin allthe 


“ world a more beautifull damzell then the Empreffe of 
the CAlancha, the peerelefle Dulcixea of Tcbofs, The 
Merchants ftaycd at thefe wordes to behold the maruel- 
lous and ridiculous fhape of him that {pake them , and by 
his fafhion and them ioynd , did incontinently gather his 
folly and diftraction,and notwithfanding would leifure- 
ly behold'to what tended that. confeffion which he ex- 
acted of chem; and therefore one ofthem who was for- 
whar giuen to gibing,and was withall very difcreete, faid 
vnto him, Sir Knight, we doe notknow that good | adv 
of whom you fpeake ; fhew her therefore tovs, and if fhe 
be fo beautiful as yau affrme, we will willingly and with. | 
out any compulfion confeffe the truth, which you now | 


_| demaund of vs, If T did fhew her to you, replied Don. 
Quixote, without maltrie were it then for you to acknow- 

ledge a truth fo notorious ? The confequence of nine af. | 

fairs con fis in this,shat withoatbeholding her, you doe | 


beleeye,confefle,affirme, fweare and defend it; which if 
you refufe to performe , I'challenge you all to battcll, 
proude and vnreafonable folke, and whether you ceme 
one by one(as the order of Knighthood requires) or ail | 
atonce , asis the cuflame and d:fhonourable practile of | 
men of your broode : here will J expect-and awaite you , 
all,crufting inthe reafon which I haue on iny file, Sir! 
Knight,rcplied the Merchant, Trequeityou in-all thefe ; 


Princes names,astwany as. we bc here, that to the cnd we | | 
may not burden your confciences,  confeffing a thing | 


which 


29 


eee 


"| reftfecure and fatisfied , and you likewife remaine con- 


The delightfullHistery ofthe Parr.t. 


which we neuer beheld nor heard, and chiefly being fo 

preiudiciall to the Emprefles and Queenes of the King- 
domes of eA lcarria and Effremadura, you will pleafe to 
frew vs fome portraiture of that Lady, although it be no 
bigver then a graine of Wheate ; for by one thread wee 
| may judge of the whole clew,and we will wish this fauor 


tentand appaide. And Idoebelceue morcouer that we 
are already fo inclined to your fide, that although her pi- 
ture fhewed her tobe blinde of the one eye, and that 
Vermillion diftilled from the other were brimftone, yet: 
we would notwithilanding to pledfe you fay in her fa-_ 
| uour all that youJifted. There drops not infamous Kenell/ 
quoth Don. Quixote , all inflamed with choler ; there 
drops not, | fay, from her that which thou fayeft, but 4z- 
ber and { seet among bombafe; and:fhe is not blinde of 
ap eye,or crooke-backt, butis {traighter then a | oie 
of Guadarama : butall of you together fhall pay for the 
reat blafphemy thou haft {poken againft fo immenfe a 
Baur , as-is that of my Miftrefle. And faying fo , he a- 
bafed his Launce again him that had anfwered with’ 
fuch furie and anger,as if good fortune had not fo orday- ' 
ned it,that Rezssante fhould ftumble,and fal in the midft 
of the Carrier, ichad gone very ill with the bolde Mer- 
chant. Rozsantefellin fine, and his Mafler reeled ouera | : 
good piece of the field : andthough he attempted to a- 
rife,yet was he neuer able , he was fo encumbred by his 
Launce, Target, Spurs, Helmet, and his weighty oldear- 
mour, Andinthe meane while that he firiued to arife 
and could not,he cried, flie not cowardly folke,abide bafe 
people, abide,for I lic not here through mine ownce fault, 
but through the defeét of my horfe. 

One of the Lackeyes which came in the company, and 
feemed tobe a man of none of the beft intentions , hea- 
ring the poore overthrown Knight {peake fuch infolent 

_words, could not forbcare them, without returning kim 
: an 


| 


PanrrJl. wittie Knight Don-Quixote, 


an anfwere en his ribbes: and with that intention ap- 
proaching to him he tooke his Launce , and after he had 
broken itin pieces, he gaue Don- mia ote fo many blows 
with one of them, that in defpite of his armour he thre th. 
ed him like a fheafe of wheate.His Mafters cricd to him, 
commaunding him not to beate him fo much,but that he 
fhould leage him : but all would not ferue, for the youth 
was angry,and would not leaue off the play vail he had 
auoyded the reff of his choler. . And therefore running 
for the other pieces of the broken Launce,he broke them 
alf onthe miferable falue Knight , who for all the tempefi 
of blowes that rained on him, did neuer fhut his niouth, 


but threatned heauen and carth , and thofe * Murderers; | 


for fuch theyfeemed to him. The Lackey tyred himnfelfe 
at laft,and the Merchants followed on their way,carying 
with them occafion enough of talke of the poore bela- 
boured Knight : who when he faw himfelfe alone,turned 
againe to make tryall whether he might arife ; but if hee 
could not doe it when he was whole arid found;haw was 


it poflible he being fo brufed and almottdeAfoyed? And | 


yet he accounted himfelfe very happy , perfwading him- 
falfe that his difgrace was proper and ineidentto Knights 


| errant, anddid attribute afl the fanle to his horfe, and 


could in no wile ect vp. ait his body was fo # brujfed and 
loaden withblowes, ae aes 


: CHEs: Vv. = - ‘8 


whereinis profecuted the former Narration of our | 


Knights misfortuntt.. 9 j,. 


& hinfelfe, herelolued co haue récourfe to 
ew his ordinary remedy, which was to think 


a ty thacof Valdoxmos, and the Marque 
| o 


f 
rt. 


<p. Vefecing inefiecdt thas he could not firre:| 


‘eS 00 fome paflage of his Hiflories,& inthe | 
ep infant his folly: prefented to his memo-. 


* Malandrines. 


| The delightfull Eiftery ofthe © Pant... 


of (Mantua, thenwhen Carclote bad left him: wounded 
in the mountaine. AHiftory knowne by children , not 
hidden to young men,much celebrated,yca,and beleeued 
~ . |*by many olde men;and is yet for all that no more auchen- 

: tical), then: arc Maghomeets miracles. This Hiftory as it 
feemed to him.was moftfit for the traunce wherein hee 

_ was,and therefore he began with fignes of great paine to 
tumble vp.and downc,and pronounce with a languifhing 
breath.che fame that they faine the wounded Knight to 


| have faidin the wood. - | fe : 
where art thon Lady deere!that griew ft net at my {mart ? 

‘Or thon doft it. not deg thou difloyaltart. 
| Andafter this manner he did profecute the olde fong vy- 
~- | tilkchefe verfes chat fay :O noble Marquefleof Mantaa , 
' my carnal! Lord and ynele, ‘And it befell by chance that 
: | atthe very fame time there paft by the place where he } 
lay aman of his owngyillage, who washis neighbor, 
and -returned .after hauing caried a loade of wheate 
tothe mill: who. beholding aman firetched -on the 
grownd,he.came,querto him, and demaunded what he 
was, and what was it that caufed him to complaine fo 
‘dolefilly ? Dow- Quixote did verily beleewe that it was his 
vacle the Marquefle of CMawtena;and fo gaue him no o- 
ther anf{were tur only follawed.on in the repetition of 
-his old Romaunce, wherein he gaue him account of his 
| -difgrace,and of the loue the Emperours fonne bore to his 
Sproule, allin the very fame manner that the Ballad re- 
countsit. ‘The labourer remained much aftonifhed, hee- 
ring thofe follies; and taking off his vizard which with 
the Lackeyes blowes was broken all to pieces , he wiped 
- his face that was full of poulder ; and {carce had he donc 
it when heknewhinn,to Whom he faid; Mafler Quivada, 
for fo he was probably‘calied when he had his wits, be- 
fore he left theflate of a flaide-Yeoman, to become a 
_wandring Knight) who hath vfed you after this manner? f 
‘But he continued his Romance, an{wering out of it, to c- 

wery 


° ss VAS 


Parr.  wittieKnight Don-Quixote. 32 


uery queftion that was put to him. Which the good 
man perceiving difarmed him the beft hee could, to 
fee whether hee had any wound, but he could fee no 
bloud, or any token on him of burt. Afterward hee 
endeuoured to raife him from the ground; which hee 
did at laft- with much adoe ; and mounted him on 
his Affe, as abeaft of eafieft eariage, He: gathered then 
tocether allhis armes, and left not behihde as much 
as the fplinters of the Launce , and tied them all 
together vpon ‘Roxsnante , whom hee tooke by the 
bridle, and the Affe by his haleer , and Iedde them | ¢ 
both in that equipage faire and ecafily towards his 
j village, being very penfatiue to heare the follies that 
Don- Duixote {poke. Atid Don- Quixote was no leffe 
melancholy,who was fo beaten and bruifed , as he could 
very hardly holde himfelfe vpon the Afics and ever and 
anonhe breathed forth fuch srieuous fiphes,as he feemed 
to fixe thems in heauen; which moued his neighbour to 
intreat him againe to declare ynto him the caufe of his 
riefe, And it feemes none other , but that the very 
iuell himfelfe did call to his memorie, Hiflories ac- 
commodated to his fuccefles, For in that inflant, 
wholly forgetting Valdenines , hee remembred the 
— eA bindaracx then , when the ees _ 
wicqmera Redert che Narnaex had taken him , an 
catied hina p ry to his Caftle. So that when 
his: neighbour tumed agaire-to aske of ‘him’ how | . 
hee did , and what ailed him, he anfwwered the very 
fame wordes and {peech that ‘Captive eSbencerrafe 
faid to Narnaex, iuft as hee liad read them in Dia- 
na of (Montemayor , where the’ Hiflory is written; 
| applying ie fo properly.co his purpofe , that the la- 
urer grew almoft madde for anger to heare 
that Machina of follies : by which hee collected that 
his neighbour’ wasdiftraéted , and therefore hee hied 
as faft as poffible hee could to the.village s:) that ‘a 
4 ; D ee eee a eee 


| The delightful Hrftory of the Pagrt | 


en mera arte tee mae ste ea, 
| hee might free himfelfe from the vexation that Don. 
| Quixotes idle and prolixe difcourfe gaue vate him. 
| Atthe end whereof the Knight faid , Don Redericke 
of Narsuaex', you fhall. ynderftand that this, beau.’ 
tifull Xarifa , of whome I {puke , is now the faire 
Dulcinea of Tobof , for whom I have done, I doe, , 
and will doe fuch famous actes ,of Knighthood’, as, 
ever, haue beene , are-, and fhall be feene in all the 
world. To this ,his neighbour anfwered , doe not 
| you perceiue Sir , finer that-I am , how I am ney- | 
| ther Don Rodericke.de Naruaez, nor the (Marqueffe 
| of (Mantua 4 but Peter, Alonfo your gcighbour 3'nor ; 
‘are you Valdouinos , -nor Abindaraez:y": but :the 
honourable Yeoman Mafter Onixada. I: know ves 
-ry well who I am quoth Dow. Quixote, and alfo I 
' know thet I may. not, onely be thofe whome: J haue 
‘named y-byr alfo-al] the swelije :Peeres of Fraveces 
and the nive worthies fince; mine ates: fhall fur- 


paffe all thofe that euer they did segether , ofeuery 
loncpfthemapart, — 
| With thefe aad fuch. othea: Difcoufes theyatrived 
‘ac laftar their village about Suoneri¢t ;.but-the Jabou- 
ter awayted yneill it ‘waxed fomewheet darke becaufe 
folke fhould neg, view the, Knight.{q: duaply.mounted, |: 

| |And when he. faw ‘his time ».be eneredishid the sown; |; 

‘land: went, tq. Don Quirotes haler wr afin habet forma |, 

| full of. confuGon.,.. These was the Caurte:‘anst. the | 

| ‘Barber of, the village , botly of them ‘Don-Quixotes | 
| great friends. To: whtomthe olde svoman: of the-houfe 

| daid .in alamengable-manner 3 Whaudgcyausliinke:Ma- 

: iRer Licengiag¢ Pero-Perex (foro . tha. Cittarenwas 
called): of .epy Maliers misforrune ? Thefe fixe dayes, |, 
ncyther dyee,-nor, his horfe haue.-appeared. » nor che |: 
Target, Laynce , or, Armour. :Nofortnate. wdman 
thar Tam ,, 1 dog fufpest, and 1am as fure-it id true, 

|ias that;] fhali (die s-how thefe actusféd, :hookts lof 

: | Knight- 


PARY.1.  wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


Knighthood which he hath , and is wont ro reade ordi- 
narily, haue turned his iudgement ; for now I remefH- 
ber that J haue heard him fay oftentimes , {peaking 
to'himfelfe , that hee would become a Knight er- 
rant, and goe fecke aduentures throughout the world. 


| Let fuch bookes bee recommended to’ Sathan and: 


‘Barrabat , which haue’ deftroyed in this forte the 
moft delicate vnderflanding of all’ the Mancha. His 
Niefe affirmed the fame, and did adde, moreouer you 
fhall vnderftand good Mafter Nicholas ( for fo hight 
1 che Barber) chac it many times befell ty vricke co 
continue ‘the Lecture of thofe vnhappy’ bookes of 
difuentures two ‘dayes and two nights together. At 
the ende of which throwing the booke away from 
him , hee would lay hand on his {word ; and would 


falla flathing of the walles : and when hee were: 


wearied , hee would fay that hee had ‘flaine foure 
Giants , ‘as preat as foure Towers , and the fweate 
that dropped downe through the labour hee tooke, 
hee would fay was bloud that gufhed out ef thofe 
woundes which he had receitied in the confli& , and 
{then would hee quaffe off a great potte full of colde 
water, and ftraight hee did become whole and quiet, 
faying , that water was a moft precious drinke, 
which the wife man E/gsife, a great, Inchanter or Sor- 
cerer, and his friend had brought vate him, But I 
am in the fault of all this, who neuer aduertifed 
you both of mine Vncles rauing , to the end you 
ai haue redreft it,ere it came to thefe termes, 
an 


burnt all thofe exdommunicated bookes ; for | 


hee kad ‘many that deferued thé fire as much as 

if they were Hereticall. ‘That, doe I likewife af- 

firme, quoth Mafler Curate, ‘and in footh to mor 

rowfhallnot pafle ouet vs, without making a pub- 

liqué procéfle again them , “aid ‘cohdemne them 

to ‘bee ‘burned’ in ‘the fire’; that'they may one 
| i 


oo D2 


The delightfullHittory ofthe Part 


nifter occafion againe to fuch as may reade them, 
te doe that which I feare my good friende hath 
done. | 
The labourer and Don. Quixote flood hearing alt 
that which was faid, and then hee perfectly ynder- 
flood the difeafe of his neighbour; and therefore hee be- 
gan to crie aloude : open the doores to Lord Val- 
douinos, and to the Lord CMargneffe of (Mantua, 
who comes very fore wounded and hurt, and to the. 
Lord Moore ef bindaraez., whom the valorous Rode- 
ricke of Narnaex Conttable of aAntequera brings as 
his prifoner. Alfthe houfholde ran out hearing thefe 
cries, and fome knowing their friend ; the others their 
Mafter and Vncle, who had not yet alighted fromthe 
Affe, becaufe hee was notable, they ranne to embrace 
him ; but he forbad them, faying, fland {lilland touch me 
not, for I returne very fore wounded and, hurt through 
defautr of my horfe: carie meto my bedde, and if it be 
poffible fend forthe wife Viganda , that fhee may cure. 
and louke to my hurts. See in an ill houre (quoth | 
the olde woman firaight: way) ifmy heart did not ve- 
ry Well foretell me on which foote my Mafter hal- 
ted come vp in good ‘time, for wre fhall knowe 
how to care you well enough , without fending for 
thas Vrganda you bauc. mentioned, Accurfed fay] once 
apainc,and ahundied times accurfed may thofc bo okes 
of Knighthood bee which hate brought you to fuche. 
flare, Withthatthey bore him vpto his bedde, and 
fearching for his wounds could not finde any; and then 
_ he faid all was bur brvifing, by reafon of a great falthee 
had with hishorfe Rozimante , as he fought with cen Gi- 
ants,the moft vnmeaiurable and baldeft that might bee 
found in a great part of che earth. Hearken,quoth the Cu- 
rate,we haue a:'fo Giants in the dance ;by mine honcfty 
I will burne thein all before tomorraw atnight,. Then 


did they aske a thouland queftions of Dex~-Osixore .} 


Ree ef 


Parr.  wittie Knight Don-Quixete. 


but hee would anfwere to none of them; and | 
onely requefted them to give him feme imeate, 
and fuffer him to fleepe , feeing ref? was mce(t be- 
houefull for him. All which was done , and the 
Curate informed himfclfe at large of the labouring 
man: in what fore hee had found’ Dow. Ourrore ; 
which hee recounted to him ,'and alfo the follies hee. 
faid,both at his finding and bringing to towne; which 
didkindle more earneftly the Liccnciats defire to doe 
what he had refolued the next day 3 which was to call. 
his-friend the Barber M.Nicholas, with whom he came to 


| Don-Quixetes houle, 


CHapr. VIL. 


Of the pleafant and curious fearch made by the Curate 
andthe Barber,of Don-Quixotes Lsbrary. 


ey Ho flept yet foundly. The Curate fouoht 
y forthe keyes of the Library, the onely 
fy authors of his harme : which the Gentle- 
AEG m.ns Niefe gaue vnto him very willing- 
pee, ly. All ofthem entred into it,and among 
the reft the olde woman , wherein. they 
found more then a hundred great volumes, and thofe ve- 
ry well bound, befide the {mall anes. And as foone as the | 
olde woman hadtcenethem, fhe departed very hattily 
out ofthe chamber, and eftfoones returned with as great 
(peed. with a holy water pot and {princkler in her hand, | 
and faid, Hold M.Licenciat and {princkie this chamber all 
about,leaft there fhould lurke in it fome one Inchanter 
of the many whigh thcfe bookes containe, and bewitch } 
¥s in reuiling of che many paines wee meanc to in- | 
Act on thefe bookes , by banifhing them out of 


this world, The fimplicity of the good olde wo- | 
7 man 


has 3 —aee : 
ent 


~——ee we 
——e ee 


FE OO net typeryeee— ge. a ee. . 


* Las Sereas. 
p t £73 ° 


The delightfull Hiflorie ofthe Pant. 


a cm 
woman, caufed the Licentiat to laugh : who commanded 


the Barberto fetch him downe the bookes from their . 
fhelues , one byone, that he might perufe their argu- 
ments ;for it might happen fome to be found , which in 
no fort deferued to be chaftifed with fire, No, replyed 


| the Niefe,no,you ou ght not to pardon any of them, fee- 


ing they haueall beene offendors 5 it is better you throw 
themall into the bafe.court, aud there make a pile of 
them,and then fet them a fire; ifinot, they may be carried 
into the yard,and there make a bon-fire of them, and the 
fmoake willeffendno body. The olde woman faid.as 
much, both of themn thirfled fomuch for the death of thefe 
innocents, but the Curate would not condifcend thereto, 
vntill he had fir read the titles at the leat of eueric 
booke. 

The fir that MaRer Nicholas put into his hands , was 
that of eAmadis ot Gaale; which the Curate perufing a 
while , thiscomes not tome firftof all others , without 
fome myflerie: foras I haue heard tolde , this is the fir 
booke of Knighthood that cuer was printed in Spaine , 
and all the others have had their beginning and origi- 
rallfrom this; and therefore me thinkes that we muft 
condemne himto the fire, without all remiffion , as che 
Dogmatizer and head of fo badde a fe&t.Not fo, fie quoth 
the Barber, for I haue heard that it is the very beft contri- 
ued booke of all thofe ofthat kinde , and therefore he is 


to be pardoned as the onely complete one of his profeffi- 


on. Thatis true,repliedthe Curate, and for that reafon 
we doe giue him his life for this time. Let vs {ce shat o- 


ther which lies next vnto him, Icis, quoth the Barber , 


The* eAduentures of Splandian eA madis of Gaules law- 
fully begotten fonne: Yet on mine honeity, replyed the 
Cine ta ciher goodneffe fhall nothing auaile him , 
take this booke old Mafters, and opening rhe window 
throw it downe into the yard, and let it Jay the foundati- 
on of our heape forthe fire we meane to make. She did 


what 


—- 


Parr.t. wittie Keight Don-Quixote. 


what was commaunded with great alacrity ,and fo the 
good Splandiamficdde into the yard, to expect with all 
patience the fire which he was threatned to abide. For- 
ward, quoth the Curate, This thatcomesnow, faidthe 
Barber,is Amadis of Greece, and as I coniecture all thofe 
that lie on this fide, areof the famelinage of Amadis Then 
let them go all to the yard,quoth the Curate, in exchange 
of burning Queene Pintiguineftra , and the fheepheard 
Darinel,with his Eglogues, andthe fubtile and intricate 
Difcourfes of the Author, which are able to intangle the 
father that ingendred me,ifhe wentin forme ofa Knight 
errant, I am of the fame opinion,quoth the Barber, and 
Talfo faid the Niefe. Then fince it is fo , quoth the olde 
wife,|ct them come,and to the yard with them all. They 
wete rendred all yp vnto her, which were many in num- 
ber: wherefore to fauea labour of going vp and downe 
the Raires,the threw them out at the window. 

Whar bundle is that, quoth the Curate ? This is, an- 
{wered Mafter Nicholas, Den Olinante of Laura, The au 
thour of that books, quoth the Curate, compofed like- 
wife Th: Garden of flowres , & in good footh I can fearce 
refolue which ofthe two workes is trueft, or to fpeake 
better, isleffe lying: onely this much I can determine; 
that this muft goe to the yard,being a booke foolifh and 
arrogant. This thatfollowes is Florifmarte of Hsrcania , 
quoth the Barber.Is Lord F /ori(mearte there?then replied 
the Curate,then by mine honefty hee fhall briefly make 
his arreft in the yard , in defpite of his wonderfull birth 
and famous aduentures ; for the drouth and harfhneffe of 
his ftile deferues no greater fauour.To the yard with him, 
and this other,(Good Mafters) with a very good will Sir, 
quoth olde CMwenpfisens ; and flraightway did execute 
his commaundement with no {mall gladneffe. Thisis Sir 
Platyr(quoth the Barber). It is an ancient booke,replyed 
the Curate,wherein I finde nothing meriting pardon; ler | 


him without li with the reft. | 
nout any replie aol conten ia 


r 
- 
| 
| 
! 
Y 
| 


"A thiefe that 


uf dtafcate 


1c attell and pull 

thers backeward 
by tie tay. lessthat 
none might trace 


thein, 


Forthwith it was done. Then was another book opened, 
and they faw the title therecf to be The Kwivhe of the | 
Croffe. ‘For the holy title which this booke beareth, 
quoth the Curate, his ignorance might be pardoned: but 
itis 2 common faying The Dinell lurkes behinde the 
Croffe : wherefore letit yoeto the fire, The Barber ta- 
king another booke, faid: thisis The Mirrour of Knight - 
hood. I know his Worthip WwW ell,quoth the Curate. There 
goes among thofe bookes I fee the Lord Raynald of 
Montalban with his friends and companions, all of them 
oreater theencs then * Cacus, and the twelve Peercs of 
Fraunce,with the true Hiftoriographer Tnrpin, Y am in 
truth about to condemne them only to exile, for as much | 
as they containe fome part of the famous Poct Afatrhew 
B oyardo hisinucntion, Our of which the Chrittian Poet 
Lodonicke eArtoffo did likewife weaue his worke, which 
ifIcan find among thefe, and that hee {peakes not his 
owne natiuc tongue, 1 ‘le vic him with,no refpect , but if | 
he taike in his owne languace, I will put him tor honours 
fake on my head, If that be fo quoth the Barber, I haue 
hierat home in the Iralian , bat cannot vaderftand him, 

Neither were it good you fhould vnderRand him , repli. 

cd the Curatejand here we would witlingiy haue exculed | 
the good Captaine that tranflated i it into Spanith from |. 
that | labcur , or bringing i it into Spasme it it had pleaicd | 
him'e'te. Ear he hath depriued itof much natural} w orth | fl 
in the tranflation; a faultincident to all thofe that pre- 
fume to tranflate Verfes out of one language 3 into ano- 
cher: tor though they imploy all their mduilry and wit . 


The delightfull Hifforieof the Pant. 


thercin they can neuer artiue ro the height of that Primi. 
tiuc conceit, which they bring with them id their Arlt | 
brrh. I fay therefore that this booke, and all the others 
that may be found in this Library to treatc of French af. | 
laires be caftand depofited in fome drie Vault, vntill we 
doe determine with more deliberation:swhat we fhould 


° 
‘a Jn in ED I Reriy Ee ee a e 


! 


doe with them : alwayes excepting Bernardo ‘del Carpio , 
which - 


ee 


pager epee . 


Part.t. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


which mutt be there among the reft, and another calied | 


Roncefualles ; for thefe two comming to my handes, fhall 
be rendred vp tothofe of the old guardian,and from hers 
into the fires, without any remifhon, All which was con- 
firmed by the Barber, who did ratifie his fentence , hol- 
ding it for goed and difcreete, becaufe he knew the Cu- 
tate to-be fo vertuous aman , and fo greaca friend of the 
truth,ashe would fay nothirg contrary to it forall the 
goods of the world, _. 
And then opening another booke , he faw it was Pal- 
merin de Oliuva,necre vnto which flood another, intituled 
Palmerin of England: which the Licenciat perceiuing , 


faid,let Odwa-be prefently rent in pieces , and burned in | 


{uch fort , that euen the very afhes thereof may not be 
found: and let: Palwerin of England be preferued, asa 
thing rarcly deleétable,and Jet fuch another boxe as that 
which Alexander found among Darin {poyles , and de- 
puted to keepe Homers workes,be made for it: for gof- 
fp this booke hath fufficient authority for tworeafons ; 
the firft,becaufe of it {elfe it is very good and excellently 
contriued :theother for as muchas the report runncs, 
that a-certain-difcreete King of Portingal waste author 
thereof, All the aduentures of the Caltle of Miraguar- 
da,are excellent and artificiall. The difcourfes very clecre 
and courtly , obferuing evermore a decoram in him that 


{peakes, with great propriety and conceit, therefore I fay ' 


Mafter Micholas,if you thinke pocd, thisand Amaades de 
Gaxle may be preferucd from the fire: and Ice all the ref 
withouc further fearch or regard perifh. Inthe divels 
name do not fo, gentle goflip(repiyed the Barber) for this 
which I hold now in my hand is the famous Don Belsants : 
What he ? quoth the Curate, the fecond, third, & fourth 
part thereof haue great necdz of Lome Rwy barbe to purge 
hisexceffiue choler , and we muft morcouer take out o} 
him all chas of the Castell of Fame, and other impertincn- 


cics of more Con{equence. Thercfore wee pitt then a 
LCV RBG HUS 


4.2 


terminus V ltramarinus and as they fhall be correéted,fo 


The delightful Hiftorieof the  P ARTI. 


will we vfe mercy or iuftice towards them: and in the 
meane {pace goffip,you may keepe them at your houfe, 
but permit no man to reade them.I am pleafed, quoth 
the Barber, and being vnwilling to tire himfelfe any more 
by reading of Titles, he bad the olde woman to take all 
the great volumes , and throw them into the yard ; the 
wordes were not {poken to a Mome or deafe perfon, bgt 
toone that had more defire to burne them then to 
weaue a piece of linnen,were it neuer fo great and fine. 
And therefore taking eight ofthem together, fhe threw 
them all out of the window, and returning the fecond 
time, thinking to carie away a great many at once, one of 
them fell at the Barbers feete, who defirous to know the 
title, faw chat it was The History of the famous Kasght 
Térante the white. Good Ged , quoth the Curate with a 
loud veyce,is Tirante the white here? Giue me it goffip, 
for I make account to haue found in ita Treafure of de- 
light,and a copious Mine of paftime. Here is Don Qxir- 
eleifon of Montalban, a valiant Kaight , and his brother 
T boneas of Montalban,and the Knight Foxfeca, and the 
combat which the valiant Detriante fought with Alane, 
and the witty conceits of the damzell Plazerdeminida ; 
with the loue and/guiles ofthe widow ‘Repofada , and of 
the Empreffe enamoured on her Squire Jpolite. I fay vn- 
to you goffip, that this booke is for the ftile, one of the 
belt of the world: in ic Knights dee eate and drinke and 
fleepe,and die in their beds naturally , and make their te- 
flaments before their death : with many other things, 
which all other bookes of this fubieét doe want,yet nor- 
withRanding if I might be judge, the authour thereaf | 
deferued,becaufe he purpofely penned and writ fo many 
follics,ta be fent to the Gallies for all the dayes of his life. 


| Caric it home and read it and you fhall fee all that ]haue 


{aid thereofto be true. Ibeleeuc it very well , quoth the 
‘Barber. But what thall we doe with thefe fittle bookes 
| that 


re ee 


Parr.1.  wattie Knight Don- Quixote. 


that remaine ? ThefeasI take, faid the Curate are not 
bookes of Knighthood,but of Poetry; and opening one, 
he perceiued it was The Diana of Montemayor, aud be- 
leeuing that all che reft were of that ftampe, he faid,thefe 
deferue not to be burned with the reft,for they have not, 
norcan do fo much hurt as bookes of Knighthood,being 
all of them works full of vnderitanding and conceits,and 
doe not preiudice any other. O ee Sir, quoth Don- 
Quixote his Niefe, your reverence fhal likewife do wel to 
haue them alfo burned, leat that mine viicle after he be 
cured of his Knightly difcafe,may fall by reading of thefe 
in an humour of becomming a Shepheard,and (o wander 
through the woods and fieldes , finging of Roundelayes, 
and playingon a Croude, And what is more: dange- 
rous then te become a Poet, which is as fome fay,an incu- 
rable and infe€tious difeafe.This maiden faies trucsquoth 
the Curate, & it will not be amifle to remoue this tumb- | 
ling block and occafion out of our friends way: and fince 
we begin with the Diana of (Montemayor, am of opini- 
on that itbenot burned, but onely that all that which 
treates of the wife Felicia , and of the inchanted water be 
taken away,and alfo all che longer ver{es ,and Iet him re- 
inaine with his profes , and the honour of being the beft 
of that kinde. This that followes,quoth the Barber is the 
Deana called the fecond , ane 1 him of Salamanca, 
 & this other is of the fame name, whofe author is Gel Po. 
fo.Let that of Salamanea an{fwered M.Parfon augment 
the'numberof the condemned in the yard , & that of Gs/ 
| Polo be kept as charily,as ifit were Apollo hissown work: 
, & go forward fpeedily good goffin,for it prows late. This 
booke,quoththe Barber, opening of another, is Te 
twelne bookes of the fortunes of lone, written by Axtkony 
| Lofrafs,che SardinicallPoet. By the holy Orders which 
I haue receiued,quoth the Curate, fince Apo was Apel- | 
fond the Adufes Mufes,and Poets Poets,was neuer wri:~’ 


ten {fo deliohefull and ¢xtrauggant a worke as this3 a 
that 


nn nnanat aaa 


ep i a ah 
Ad. The delightfullHiflorieof the Parr. 


| that in his way andvaine, ic is the onely one of allthe | 
| bookes that haue cucr iflued of that-kinde to view the | 
| , light of the world.and he that hath not read it may make 

account that he hath neuer read matter of delight. Giue 
it to me goflip, for I doe prize more the finding ofit, then 
Iwould the gift ofa Caflocke of the beft Sattin of Flo. 
rence. And fo with great ioy he laid ic afide, and the Bar- 
berprofeeuted, faying, thefe that follow be, The fheep- 
heard of [bevia : The Nimphes of Enares,and the Vudecei- 
ming of Lealoufics, Then t vere sno more to be done, but 
to deliuer them vp to the fecular arme of the olde wife, 
and doe not demaund the reafon , tor shat were-neuer to 
‘makeanend. This that comes is The Sheepheardof Fili- 
da. Thatisnota Sheepheard , quoth the Curate, buta 
very complete Courtier, let itbe referued asa precious 
jewcll, This greace.one that followes,is,faid the Barber, 
intituled 7 he treafure of diners Poems, If they had not bin 
fo miany,replied the Curate , they would haue been more | 
efleemed, Itisneccflary that this booke be carded and 
purged of certaine bafe things,that lurke amony his high 
| conceits. Lethimbe kept, both becaufe the author is 
ny very great friend and in regard of other more Heroi- 
call and loftie workes he hath written. Thisis , faid the 
Baber, The ditty booke of Lopex Maldonado. The author 
ofthat worke is likewifle my great friend,replied the Par- { 
fon,and his lines pronounced ky himfelfe doe aduife the 
hearers,and fuch 1s the fweetnefle of his voyce when hee } 
fings them, 1s it doth inchant the eare. He is fomewhat 
prolix in his Eglogwes, but that whichis good, is neucr {u- 
perfluous : let-him be kept among the choyfeft, But what | 
booke is that,which licsnext ynto him? The Galatea of 
Michel Ceruantes quoth the Barber. That Cernantes, faid 
the Curate is mine olde acquaintance this many a yeare. 
And I know he is more pradtifed in misfortunes thenin 
verfes, Hisbooke hath fome good inuention in it, hee 
iatends and propounds fomwhat,but concludes — 
2 there- 


eee 


ae 


> Ve eer 


pie se: =. ai el 


oe 
wae LOO. CES 


= 


P arr.i. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


Ste oe ee A a eee PL a 
therefore we mutt expe& the feeond part, which he hath 


promifed, perhaps his amendement may: obtaine him a 
generallremiffion, which vntill now is denied him , and 
whilft we expect the fight of his fecond worke, keep this 
part clofely imprifoned-in your lodging. I am very-well 
content to doe fo good goffip, faid the Barber, and here 
there come threc together, The Anracame of Don Aton(s 
de Ercilla, The AnStriada of lobn Raffa, one of the Magi- 
ftrates of Cordona,and The Afonférrato of Clreftopber. de 
Viirnesa ValentianPoct. Ailshefe three bookes, quorh 
the Curate are the belt that are writters in heroicall verfe 


in the Castilian tongue,and may compare with the moft 
famous of /ta/y. Referue them as the richefl pawnes that 


Spaine enioyeth of Poetry... Fhe Curate with this grew 
wearic to fee fo many bookes,and ‘fo hee would hauc all 
che reft burned at alladucntures. But the Barber ere the 
fentence was giuen,had opened bychance one intituled 


The Geares of Angehca. 1 would have thed thofe teares 


my felfe, faid the Curate , if] had wittingly caufed fucha 


booke to be burned ; for the authour thereof was one of 


the moft farnous Poets af the world, not onely-of Spaine: 
and was moll happy in rhe tranflation of certasme fables 
of Ouid. . rm 


Cnap, VII.. 


Of the fecond departure which our good KnightDon. 
Quixote made from bis houfe ta fecke aduentares. 


@-Hile they were thus bufied, Don Daixete 

Seg dcgan to crie aloude, faying, Heere heere 
I fer: valoroud Knights, heere it is needtiil chat 
ae you Mew the foree.of your valiant.armes; 
Sori Oy for the Courtiers begin to beare away 
the belt of che Tourney. The folke sepayring to this ru- 


movi 


7. 
i BS 


i ae 


~~ 


64 |___ Thedelightultiforicefile Parse | 


mour and noyfe, was an occafion, that any farther fpeech:! 
and vificationof the bookes was omitted,and therefore it’ 
isto be fulpected , that The Carolee and Lion of Spame, ! 
with the actes of the Emperour Charles the fift , written’ 
by Don Luts de Aula were burned , without being cuer | 
{eene or heard;and perhaps if the Curate had feene them, 
they fhould not haue palt wnder forigorousa fentence. 
- When they all arritied to. Daw. Quixate bis chamber , he 
was tifen dlready out of bis bedde , and continued fil 
his out-cries,cutting and — ot.euery fide, being-as 
broadly awake, asif he neuer had flept. Wherfore taking 
him in their armes,they returned him by tnaine force in-.b 
to his bedde, and after he was fomewhiat qiiet and fetled, 
he faid,turning himfelfe to the Curate. In good footh 
L.Archb.fhop 7 #rpis, it is a great difhonor to vs that are 
called the twelue Peeres, to permit the Knights of the 
Court to beare thus away the glory of theTournay with- 
out more adoe ; feeing that wethe aduenturerts haue pak 
ned the prize thereof the three formoft dayes. Hold your 
‘peace good goffip,quoth the Curate , for fertune may be 
pleafed te change the fuccefle , and whasislof to day, } 
may be wonne againe to morrow: Looke yuu to your 
health for the prefent , for you feeme at leaf to -be very 
much tyred, if befides you be not fore wounded, Woun- 
ded,no,quoth Den- Quixote, but doubtleffe I am fome- 
what bruifed : for that baftard. Don Rowland hath beaten 
me to pouder with the ftocke of an Oake-tree,and all for 
enuy,becaufe he fees that I onely dare oppofe my felfe to 
his valour : burlet me be neuer againe called Rayneld o 
Mont ealban, ithe pay not deerely for it,as foone as Irife 
from this bedde in defpite of aJl-his inchantument. But] 
pray you callfor my breakefaft, for I know it will doe me 
‘much good, and leaue the reuenge of this wrong tom 
charge. Prefently meat was brought, and after he had 
caten he fella fleepe, and they. remained aftonifhed at his 
. wonderfull madnefle. That nightthe old woman burned 


all { 


} Part.I. _ wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


-all the bookes that the found in the houfe and yard , and 


'fome there were burned as that deferued for their wor- 
'thinefle to be kept vp in everlafting Treafuries, iftheir 
fertunesand the lazinefle of the vifiters had perinitted 
\it, And fo the prouerbe was verified inthem, That the 
‘ Tuft payes.fometimesfor Sinners, One of the remedics 
: which the Curate.and Barbet prefcribed fot that prefent, 
tohelp their friends diftafe,was, that they-fhould change 
his chamber, and damme vp his fludy , to the end that 
‘when he arofe,he might not finde them: for perhaps by 


(and inoreouer they bad them to fay , that'a certaine in. 
chanter had:caried them away Study and all ; which de- 
uice. was prefently put in practife. And within two dayes 
after Don- Qusxote got vp,and the firft thing he did , was 
to. go and vilite his bookes; and feeing he could not finde 
the chamber in the {aime place ; whete he had left it,hee 
went vpiand downe to finde it, ‘Sometimes he came to 
the place. where the dore flood, and felt it with his hands, 
and then would turnehis ‘eyes vp and:downc, heere and 
Ithere co feeke it, without'Peaking a word, But atlatt af- 
‘ter deliberation;he asked of the olde waman the way to 
his bookes ? Shee as one well'Chooled before what fhee 
‘fhould anfwere,faid, What Study,or what al this 
\youlookefor? Thereisnqw:'nio more Study nor bookes 
ior this houfe; for rchswery Ditell Kiinfelfe caried all away 
with him; Ie was not ehe Divell faid his Niefe;but an In- 
ichancet:that came here one night vpon acloade , the day 
‘after you. departed from hence; and alighting downe 
from a Serpent-ypdn which he rede, he entred'into the 


———_ 


‘a while after he fledde:out at the roofe of the houfe , and 
Heft all the houfe full of (moake: and when we accorded 


tudie? onelythis much the olde woman. And I dore- 


iremouing the caufe,they might alfo take awaythe effects: 


: : Sees araren | 
Studie,and what be didt herein know not; and within 


ito fee what he had doné,we could neyther fee booke or 


member very well; that the navehty olde man at his de- -| 
parture, 


rp re et eng eg renee ree teenage ee ee EC CO 7 


——i> 


Oy ee ee, ee ee ee eT) km MeO 
" e 


SS a ee ae eee ee = ee eee ee 
. 


ee 


ty ae ee Le 


ee a 


i Sa ES 


Pe Pee 


© Bufcardo pan 
de Traftrigo p. 
AT. 


4 nothing fo much as Koights errant,and that the erraticall 
Kuishthood ought tobe againe renewed therein. Mafter | 


The delightful Hifforie ofthe Part. 


parture {aid, with a loude voyce, that he for hidden enmi- 
tie that he bore to the Lord of thofe bookes had done all } 
the harme to the horfe that they might perceiue when he 
were departed, and added that hee was named the wife 
Meuniaton Fresten , you wauld haue {aid , quoth Don- | 
Quixote. I know not,quoth the olde woman, whether | 
he hight Freftron or Friton, but well I wor, that his name } 
ended with Tos. That is true quoth Don-Quioxte , and | 
heisa very wife Inchancer, and my great aduerfary , and } 
lookes on me with a finifter eye, for he knows by his arte | 
and fcience,that I fhal in time fight a fingle combat with 
a Knight his very great friend, and ouercome him in‘bat-. 
tell without being able to be by him affitted, and therfore 
he labours to doe me all the hurt he may; and I haue fent 


quoth his Niefe, but I pray you good vncle fay, what [ 
need haue you to thruft = felfe into thefe difficulties }' 
& brabbles? were it not better to reft you quietly in your |. 
ownce houfe,then to wander through the world , fearch- } 
ing bread of * blafted corne ? Without once confidering | 
how many there goe to feeke for wooll , that returne a- 
aine fhorne themfelues. O Niele ,quoth Den-Dnixete, 
Pow il] dofthou vnderfland the matter ? before ] permit | 
my felfe ¢> be fhorne,I will pill and plucke away.the 


ahaire onely of mec. To thefe words the waman would 
make no replie,becaufe they fav his choler increafe. 
Fifteene dayes he remained quietly at home , without 
giving any argument of feconding his former vanities :- 
in which sime paft many pleafane encounters betweene 
him & his two goffips , the Curate and Barber, vpon that. 
point which he defended , to wit , that the world needed 


Parfon would contradict him fomtimes , and other time 
yeelde 


[= 


him word that he firiues in vaine to diuert or fhunne that | - 
which is by heawen already decreed. Who doubts of that 


beards of as many as fhall dare or imagine to euch but | 


oe 


a tn a eI ag 


Se ee = 


i 


Part.t. = wate Knight Don-Qu'xote. 


yceld vnto that he vreed spr had they not oblerued chat 
manner of procee ding oft were impoffibleto bring him to 
any conforinity. In this foace Don. Duixote deaiewirha: 
certaine labourer his neighbour, an hone(t man (ifche ci 
tle of honefty may be giucn to the poore)but one ofa ve- 
ry fhallow wit ;in refolution he {aid fo much to hi m, anc 
per{waded him ‘fo earneftly, and madehim fo large pro- 
mifes,as the poore fellow determined to poe: awey with 
him, and ferue him as his Squire, Den-Quixote among 
many other things bad him to difpofe himfelfe willing. 
lyto depart with him, for now and then fuch an aduen 
ture might prefent it felfe,, -chatin as fhore {pace as onc 
would take vp a couple of Qrawes,an Ifland might be 
won, and he be left as eouernour thercof. With thefe 


and (uch like promiles Sanches Panca , for {o he was cal- 


—_ - 


ee ee 


ledsleft his wife and children,and apreed to be his Squite.. 


Afterward Don- Lui xote began to caft plots how tocome 
by forme moncy,which he atchicued by felling one thing, 
pawning anothes,and turning all vpfide downe. At lait 
{hegot a prettie famme , and accommodating himfe!fe 
with abuckler which he fad borrowed of atriend, and 


patching vp his broken Beauer again as wel as he cculd, 


he aduertifed his Squire Sancho of the day and pate 
wherein he meant to depart, that hee might likewife fur- 
nith himfc!fe with that which he thought needfull s bue 
aboue all rhings he charged him to prouide himfelfe ofa 
Waller 5 Chick he promiled: to performe, and faid that 
he meant alfo cocarie a very good Afic , which he had of 
hisowne, becaufe he was not wont to trauell mucha 
foot. Inthacofthe Atle Dow- Onixote Nood a while pen- 
fie calline to minde whether ever he nad read, that any 
Kniehe eeraneertricd his Squire Affifh'y mor ted , burt 
ho ZGiik 1not remember any authority for it t yet not. 
Wihflanding be refolued thet he mi ‘ohe bring hr beaft, 

with incention. to accommeadate lint more P orcinll: 


! 
When ccecalion were oficred, | Wy vai tity nounting the Hitt dil 
_E. curtcous 


ad 
so 


ee a ee 


wa ee re ne en 


50 | The delight{ull Hiftorteofthe Panr.t. 


- | curteous Knight they met from his horfe,and giuing it to 
lis Squire, he alfo furnifhed himf(4fe with fhirts , and as 
many other things as hee might, according vato the In- 
keepers aduice, All which being finifhed,S ancho Panca 
without bidding his wife or children farewell; or Doz- 
Quixote his Niele and olde feruant, they both departed 
onc night out of the village vnknowne to any perfon li- 
uing ; and they trauelled fo farre that night, a5 they were 
fure in the morning not to be found, although they were 
purfued, Sancho Pancatode on hisbeaft like a Patriarke 
with his Wallet and Bottle , and a maruellous longing to 
(ce himfelfe gouernour of the [ard which tis mater had 
promifed vnto him. 

Don-Quirote tooke by chance the fame verycourfe & 
way that he had donc ia his fir voyage through the field 
of CAfontiel,whercin he trauelled then ,with Icfle vexati- 
on then the firlt ; for by resfon that.it was early, and the: 
Sunne beames flroke not directly downe, butathwarr, 
the heat did not trouble them much. And Sancho Pan- 
ca fecing the oportunity good , faid to his Matter, I pray 
you haue care gond Sir Knight , that you forget not that 
gouernment cf the Ifland which you haue promifed me, | 

| tor I fhall be able to gowerne it were itneucr fo great, To : 

“which Don- Quixote replied , You muft vnder{tand | 

*‘tricad Sancho Pancathat it was a cuftome very much | 

ufod by auncient Kaights crrant,to make their Squires 

** scucrnours of the Iflaads and Kirgdomes that they 

“conquered, and I amrcfolued that fo good a cullome 

‘€ (hall neuer be abolifhed by me, .bucrather 1 will paffe 

“andexcecdthemtherein ; for they fomctimes,and as] 

“Stake it, did for the greatcr'part expect vacill their 

ere tile of a \ Squircs waxcd aged , and after they were cloyed with 
Margquelfe is ‘feruice , and had fuftered many bad daye$ and worfe | 
jlelfe then that of | * nights,then did they beftow vpon them feme tithe of 
1 a4 Earle uh ‘€ an Earle, or at leaft of a“ Marqueffe of fome valley or 
™ pean Prouince,ofmore orleflc account. But ifthou Jivelt, 


and $ 


/-. 


em nee oe ee 


PART.Ie wittie Knight Don- Quixote. 


and I withall,ic may happen that might conquer fuch a 
Kingdome within fixe dayes, that hath other Kingdomes | 
adherent to it, which would fall out as iuft as it were caft 

ina mould for thy purpofe , whom J would crownce pre- 
fently King ofcne ofthem. And doe not account this to 

be any great matter , forthings and chances doe happen 
to fuch Knights aduenturers as I am, by fo me 
and wonderful] wayes and meanes as I might giue thee 
very cafily a great deale more then I promifed. After that 
maner faid Sancho Panca, if1 were a King through fome 
miracle of thofe which you fay, then fhould Joas Gutie- 
rez my wife become a Queene , and my children Princes, 
Who doubts of that, faid Don--Dwixore? That doel, re- 
plied Sancho Panca, for 1 am tully perfwaded, that al- 
though God would raine Kingdomes downe vpon the 
earth,none of them would fit well on ALary Gatierex her 
head, For Sir,you muft vnderfland that fhee’s not worth 

a Dodkin for a Queene. To be a Countefle would agree 

with her better, and yet I pray God fhee be ableco dif- 
charge that calling. Commend thou the matter to God, 

quoth Don- Quixote, that hee may giue her that which is 


moft conuenient for her.But do not thou abafe thy minde | 


fo much, asto content thy felfe with leffe then at leaft to 
bea Vice-Roy, Iwill not good Sir, quoth Sancho, efpe- 
cially feeing I haue fo worthy a Lord and Mafter as your 
felfc, who knowes how to giue me all that may 
turne to my benefit,and that I thall be a- 
bletodifchargein good fort, 


E 2 Crap. 


52 


ec 


The delightfullHiftorieofthe .Panr.t. | 
| 


— 


Caan. VIL . 


| 
Of the good fusce/fi Don- Quixote had, inthe dread. 
: fulland nencr tmagined aduenture of the winde- 
—— mptlswith other accidents worthy to be recorded, 


7 Sjthus. they. difcourfed, they difcouered 
», {ome thirty or forty Windemils, that are 
45,4 in that field: andas foone as Don- Dnixote 
A\B% 2fpied them he faid to his Squire; Fortune 
ee dosh addreffe our affaires better ghen wee 
-.«.. out felues could defire ; for behold there, 
friend Sancho Panca,how there appeares thitty or forty 
monf{lrous Giants , with whom] meaneto fioht,and de- 
-priuc them all oftheir liues; with whofe. fpoyles we will 
begin to berich ; for this isa good warresanda prea fere. | 
uice vnto God,ta take away fo bad a {eede from the face 
of the earth. What Giants ¢ quoth Sancho Panca.Thofe | 
that thou feefl there ,. quoth his Lorde , with the long | 
7 rerio ome there arg ofthat race, whofe artnes are |. 
| almoff two leagues long. I pray you yaderftand:; quoth || 
Me aN ai en cB which appearechereyarc ine Gie |, 
jants but-Windemils : and that which.fcemes in thensto 
‘De armies are their Sayles, that are. {yingedaboutby the. 
| Winds, .dog allo make the Mill-goc,. Is Yeemes: well > {i 
| quoth Deg. Puivey¢ , that thonart-mot yet acquainted | 
' with macter of aduentures : they are Giants, and ifthoy |: 
beeit a feard, goe afide and pray whilft] enter into cruel] | 
and vnequall battell withthem, And fayiny fo,he fpurd | 
his horfe Rozinante , without taking heed to his Squire 
I : 
ly Windemils that he did aflault , and no Giants; but he 
iwent fo fully perfwaded that they were Giants,as he nei- 
ther heard his Squires out-éries , nor did difcerne what 
they were, although he drew, very neere to them, butra- 


ther 


——— 


PARTI. wittie Knigot Don-Quixote. 53 


ther faid as loude as he could: Flie not ye cowards and 

vile creatures, for it is onely one Knight that affaults you. 

With this the Winde increafed,and the Mill Sailes began 

toturn about;whichDon- Quixote cfpying,faid,although 

thou moued{t more armes then che Giant Briareo , thou 

(halt Roope to me ;and after faying this, and commen- 

ding himfelfe meft deuoutly to his Lady Dulcinea, defi- 

ring her to fuccour hiny in that trance , coucring himfelfe 

well with his buckler, and fetting his Launce on. his reft, 

he {purred on Rozsnante, and encountred with the firft 

Mill chat was before him, and {triking bis Lance into the 

Sailethe winde {winged it abouc with fuch furie , that it 

broke his Latince into thivers,carrying hin and his horfe 

after it,and finally tumbled him a good way off from it | 

on the field in very euill plight. Sancho Panca repayred 

prefently to fuccour him as faft as his Affe could driue: 

and when he arriued,he found hia not ableco ftirre, hee 

had gotten fuch acruth with Rozixante, * Good God?! | + 14; 

quoth Sancho,did not foretell vato you that you fhould | ( loue)wil have 

looke well what you did , forthey were none other then | %0 grace in the 

Windemils, nor could any thinke otherwife , voleflehee | *rke,/ecig the 

had alfo Windemils in his braines, Peace Sasche, quoth athens are pre- 
- ; {umed tobe Chri. 

Den- Quixote for matters of warrcaremore fubiectthen | giz, although 

any other thing to continuall change : how much more | otherwife diftra- 

‘ering I doe verily perfwade my felfe, chat the -wife | dtedix minde, as t 

FreSton who robbed my Studie and bookes, hath j 745 Den- 

transformed thefe Grants into Mils , to deprive me | Q*°t 

of the glory of the v:@ory ; fuch is the enmity hee 

beares cowards me, But yet in fine, all his bad arrs (hal! 

but little preuaile againft the goodnefle of my fword. 

God granc it, as he may, {aid Sancho Panca, and then 

he!pt him to arif*, and prefently he mounted on Roz. 

nante, who was * halfe fhroulderpicche by rough encoun- | * Afedio {palda- 

ter; and difcourfiug vpon that aduenture, they followed vi se 

onthe Way whica guided towards thie paflage or gate of | 3, ouch tbe 


Lapice,for there as Don Quixote auouched, i wast | ountaines 
; oOl- 


EE 


The delightfull Hiflorie ofthe Part. | 


through-fare much frequented, & yet he affirmed that he 
went very much grieued becaufc he wanted a Lance, and 
telling it to hisSquire he faid, I remember how I hane 
read that acertaine Spanifh Knight called Diego Peres of 
{| Vargas, hauing broken his (word ina battaile, core off a 
great branch, or ftock from an Oak tree, & did fuch mar- 
uailes with it that day, and battered fo many Moores, as 
he remained with the furname of AZachuca, which figni- 
fies a ampe, and as well he, as all his progenie were e- 
ver afterthat day called Vargas and (Machuea , Icell 
thee che becaule I meane tateare another branch, fuch, 
or as good at leaftasthat , from the firft Oake, we fhall 


encounter,and I meane to atchieue fuch aduentures ther- 


withall, as thow wilt account thy felfe fortunate , for ha- 
ving merited to behold them, and be a witneffe of things 
almoftincredible, In Gods name quoth Sancho, I doe 
belecue euery word you faid; but] pray yeu fit right in 
your faddle,for you ride fideling which proceeds as I {up- 
pofe of the bruifing you got by your fall, thou fayeft true 
queth Den steele, and if I doe not complaine of the 
priefe, the reafon is, becaufe Knights errant vie not to 
complaine of any wound, although their curs did iffue 
out thereof, If it be fo(quoth Sanche)I know not what to 
fay,but God knowes that 1 would be glad to heare you to 
complaine when any thing grieves you.Of my felfe I dare 
affirme,that I muft cdplaine of the leaft gricfe thac I haue, 
if it benorlikewife meant that the Squires of Knights 
| errants muft not complaine of any harme. Dom Quixote 
{ could not refraine Jaughter, hearing the fimplicitie of his- 
Squire ; and after fhewed vnto him that he might law- 
fully complaine both when he pleafed, & as muciyas he li- 
fled, with defire,or without it,for he had neuer yer redany 
thing to the contrary, in the order of Knighthood. Then 


_ 9 Sancho faid vnto him, that it was dinner time, to whom 


he anfwered that he nceded nojrepail, but if he had will 
| - to 


poffible, but to finde many aduentures, becaufe it was a | 


ee teed ee: ae 


PARTI. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


to eate, he might beginne when he pleafed , Sancho ha- 
ving obtained his licence, did accammodate himfelfe on 

his Affe backe,the beft he mioht, taking out of his wallec 
fome belly munition,he rode after his Mafter truailing 

and eating at once, and that with great leafure, and ever 
anone he lifted vp his bottle with fuchplcafure,as the beft 
fed Tapfter of Af alaga might enuy his ftate,and whilfthe 
rode multiplying of quaffes in that manner, he neuer re- 


membred any of the promifes his Mafter had made him, | 


nordidhe holdethe fetch of aduentures tobe a labour, 
but rather a greatrecreation and eafe,were they ncuer fo 
dangerous. In conclufion they paft ouer that night wn- 
der certaine trees, from one of which Don Onixote tore a 
withered branch, which might ferue him in fome fort for 
alance,and therfore he fet thereon the yronof his owne, 
which he had referued when it was broken. All thae 
night Don Quixote flept not one winke , but thought 
vpon bis Ladie Dadcines that he might conforine himfelf 
to what he had read in his bookes of aduencures, when 
knights paffed ouer many nights without fleepe in for- 
tefts and fields, onely intertained by the memory of their 
Maifireffes : but Sanche {pent not his time fo vainely, for. 
having hisftomacke well fluffed, and that not with Swc- 
corse water,he carried {moothly away the whole night in 
one fleepe : and if his Mafter had not called tim vp, nci- 
ther the funne-beames which firucke on his vifage, nor 
the melodie of the birds which were many,and did cheer- 
fully welcome the approach of the new day, could hauc 
bene able to awake him,at his arriumg he paue one affay 
tothe bottle, which he found to bee fomewhat more 
weake then it was the night before , whereat his heare 
was fomewhat grieved, for he miftrufted that they tooke 
Nota courfe to remedy that defect fo foone as he wifhed: . 
norcould Don- Quixote breake his faft, who, as we haue 
faid ncant onely to fuftaine himfelfe with pleafant re- 
inembrances. Then did they returne to their commenced 


35 


The delightfull Hifforie of the - Parr.t. | 


way towards the Port of Lapice , which they difcoucred | 
about three of the clocke in the after-noone: heere (faid 
Don- Quixote)as (oone as he kend it , may we(friend San- 
cho) thrutt our hands vp to the very elbows in that, which 
iscalled aduentures. But obferuc well chis Caucat which 
I thall giue thee, that alchough thou {eelt me in the grea- | 
te(t dangers of the world , thou muff not fet hand to thy | 
{word in mydefence, if thou doft not fee that thofe which | 
affaule me be bafe and vile vulgar people’; for in fuch a | 
cafe thou maiftaffit me. Marry ifthey be Knights , thou 
mailt not doe fo in any wife , nor is it permitted bythe 
lawes of armes that-thou maift helpe me,wneill thou beeft 
likewife dubd Knight thy felfe. I doc affure you Sir,quoth 
Sancho that herein you fhal be moft punctuaily obeyed: 
and therefore clicfly, in refpect that 1am of mine owne 
nature a quiet anc peaccableman, and amortall. enemy 
ofthrufting my felte into ftirres or quarrels : yet is it tric 
that touching the defence of mine owne perfon,I wil not 
bealcogether fo ebfcruant of thofe lawes, fecing that 
both Duuine and Humane allow cuery: man to defend 
“himfelfe,from any one that wauid wrong him, I fay fe 
| 


| lefle,anfwered Dow --Quixore but in this of ayding Ne a. 

gainftany Knight, theu malt fet baunds to’ thy natural! 
impulies, I fay that I will doc fo, quoth Saseho, and J 
Wwillobferue this commandem~at asp 
of keeping holy the Saboth day, «.; .- fe oe | 

Whilft caus they reafoned , there sppeared in the way 
two Monkes of S.Bemets order, maunted ontwo Dreme- 
daries; forthe Mules wherso they race were but little 


unctoally , as thar 


| away the duit from their faces ,ainteach of them befides | 

bore thtir Viibriiles, after theni. came a Cocchs.aud fourc 
| or fiue a horfe.backe accompanying it, snd two 
Lackeyes that ranne hard by it. There came therein, as it 
was after knowne, acertaine Bifcaine I ady , which tra- 
uclied cowards Siil, whereher husband foiourned atthe 
| prefent | 


fs 2 Nema «catia ow ae 


— oa 


Icfle. They wore masks with Spectacles in thei,to keepe | 


a oe ee ee 


PANT.  wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


prefent,and was coin to the /adies, with an honourable 
charge : the Monkes rode not with her, although they 
trauelled the fame way. Scarce had Don- Omxore percet- 
ued them,when he faid to his Squire,either Lam decciued 
or elfe this will proue the moft famous aduenture, that c- 
ver hath-beene feene, Forthefe two great blacke bulkes 
which appeare there, are queftionlefle Inchanters that 
Reale orcarrie away perforce forme Princefle in that 
‘Coach ; and therefore I muft with all my power vndoe 


that wrong, This will be worfe then the aduenture of 


'| the Windemils,quoth Sancho, Doe not you fee Sir, that 


hofe are Fryers of S.Bemers Order? and the Coach can be 
none other, then of fome travellers. Therefore liften co 
mine aduice,and fee well what you doc , leaft that the ci- 
uell doe deceiue you. I haue faid already tothe Sancho, 
that chou art very ignorant in matter of aduenturcs, 
What I fay is true,ds now thou fhaie fec:and faying fo, he 
fpurd on his herfe,and placed himfelfe inflin the midtt of 
the way, by whichthe Friars came,and when they appro- 


| ched fo neereas he fuppofed they might hcare him, hee 


‘€ faid with a loude voyce : Divellith and wicked people, 


'} “© leaue prefently thofe high Princefles which you vio- 


“*Tently carie away with you in that Coach,or if you will 


‘* not prepare your felues to receive fuddaine death, asa 
‘ € e ° 5 an 

* iuft punifhment of your bad workes. The Friers held 
their horfes, and were amazed both at the fhape and 


words of Dos- Quixote, To whom they anfwered , Sir 
Knight we are neither diueliith nor wicked, but religious 
men of S.BemetsOrder, that traucllabout our aftires, 
and we know nor-whether, or no,there canes any Pria- 
ceffes forced in this Coach. With me faire wordes take 
No eficét,quoth Dow-Ouzxote, For I know you very well 
treschcrous knaucs; and then without exoctting their 
Teplic he ferfpurs to Rozisante,and laying his Launce on 
the thigh, charged the firtt Friar with fucn fury and rage, 
thatifhe had not fuffered himéelfe willingly to, fall off his 


Mule, 


ni 52M se 4 


57 


— 


| en ee ee 


ee ere eee me 


TO ee 
by ——S ee we eee oe ee 


Tt ee en ae rt ey oe ety” Cag eo -ee 


ae ee oe ee Peel ne Pay 


53 The delightfullHiftery ofthe Parte | 


Mule, he would not onely hate ouerthrowne him again 
lis will, but hkewife haue flaine, or at leaft wounded him 
very ill with the blow. Thefecond religious man {ecing 
how vgly his companion was vfed,made no wordes, but 
pining the fpursto that Caftell his CAule, did flie away 
through the field , as {witt as the winde ic felfe. S ancho 
Panca fecing the Monke ouerthrowne, difnounted very 
{peedily off his Affe,and ran ouer to him,and would hauc 
ranfacke his habices. In this arrived the Monkes two 
Lackeyes,and demaunded of him, why he thus difpoyled 
the Friar? Sancho replied , that it was his due by the law}. 
of armes,as lawfull fpoyles gained in battell by bis Laub. 
Dore Quixote, The Lackeyes which wnderftood not the‘ 
jet, nor knew not what wordes of battell or fpoyles 
meanr,feeing that Don- Quixote was now out of the way 
{peaking with thofe that camein the Coach, fet both at 
once vpon Sancho, and left himnot a haire in his beard 
but they pluckt,and did fo trample him yoder their feete, 
as they left him Aretchedon the ground without cyther. 
breath or feeling : the Monke cutting off all delayes,’ 
mounted againe on horfe-backe , all aftrighted, hauing. 
{carce any droppe of bloud left in his face through feare. 
Andbeing once vp,he fpurd after his fellow, who expe- 
éted him a good way off;flaying to fee the fuccefle of that 
aflault ;and being vnwilling to attend the end of that 
Arange aduenture,they did profecute their iourncey , blef- 
fing and croffing themfclues if the Diuell did purfue 
them. ; 

Don- Quixote, asis tehearfed , was in this feafon {pea- 
<* king to the Lady of the Coach, to whom he faid, Your. 
‘© beauty deere I. ady , may difpofe from henceforth of 
© vour perfon,as belt ye liketh ; for the pride of your rob- 
“+ bers lics now proftrated on the ground, by this my in- 
¢¢ uincible arme.. And becaufe you may not be troubled 
¢¢ to know your deliuerer his name , know that I am cal-: 
“led Don- Quixote de lat Mancha\a Knight errant and 


ad- 


Parr.  wittieKnight Don-Quexote, 


J adie Dalcinea of Tobofs: andin reward of the bene- 
“ fice which you haue received at my handes , 1 demand 
“nothing elfe,but that you returne to Tobofs and there 
€ prefent your felues in my uame before my Lady, and 
recount vnto her, what Ihaue done to obtaine your li- 
“bertic. Toall thefe words which Don- Quixote faid a 
certaine Bifcaine Squire that accompanied the Coach 
paue eare,who feeing that Don- Quixote {uffered not the 
Coach to paffe onward, but {aid that it muft prefently re- 
turne backe to Tobofo,he drew neere to him , and laying 
hold on his Launce, he faid in his bad Spanifh and worfe 
Bafquith ; get thee away Knight in an illhoure, by the 
God that created me, if thou leave not che Coach , I will 
killthee , asfure asI am a Bifcaine, Don-Qnixote vnder- 
{landing him,did anf{were with great flaidnefle, ifthou 
were(t a * Knight as thou art not, I would by this haue 
punifhed thy folly and prefumption,caytite creature, The 
Bifcaine replied wich great furie , Not Ja Gentleman? I 
{weare God thou lieft as well as ] am a Chriftian. Ifthou 
cataway thy Launce,and draw thy fword , *thou fhalt 
feethe water as foone as thou fhalt carie away the Cat: 
A Bifcaime by landjand a Gentleman by Sea,a Gentleman 
in defpite of the Diuell,and thou lieft "4 other things thou 
faye(t.Straight thou (hale {ee that,faid eS grages; replied 
Don- Quixote,and throwing his Launce to the ground,he 
out with his {word,and tooke his Buckler ,and fet on the 
Bifcaine with refolution to killhim. The Bifcaine feeine 
him approach in that manner , although he defired to al- 
lightoft his CAtale, which wasnot to be trufted , being 
| one of thofe naughty ones whieh are wont to be hired, 
| yethad he no lei{ureto do any other thing then to draw 
Out his (word: but it-bcfell him happily to be neere to the 
Coach, outofwhich he firatched acufhion that ferued 


ther like mortall enemies. Thofe that were prefent labou- 
req 


him for afhield, and prefently the one inade vpon the o- | 


| 99 


“ adaenturer,and Captiue to the Pecreleile and beautiful 


| 


*Cauallero in | 
Spanifh is taken 
aswell for a 
Geatleman,.s 
for a Knight, 

* P.rg.58, 


al ta 


60 


The delightfull Histeryofthe Pann 


tedallthac chey might, but in vaine to compound the 
matter betweene them; for the Bifca:me {wore in his bad 
language, that if they hindred him from ending the bat- 
tell,he would put his Lady, and all the reft that dared to 
difturbe him to the {word. 

The Ladie aftonifhed and fearefull of that which fhee 
beheld , commaunded the Coach-inan to goe a little out 
of che way, and fate aloofesbeholding the rigorous con- 
fit. Inthe progrefle whereof the Bifcasse gaue Don- 
Quixote ouer the Target a mighty blow on one of the 
fhoulders , where ifit hadnot found refiftance in his ar- 


| mour, ie would doubtlefly haue cleft him downe to the 


gitdle. Don- Quixote feeling the waight of that vnmea- 


+ ‘© furable blow, cried with aloude voice, faying, O Dulcr- 


“€ nea, Lady of ny foule,the fowre of all beauty , fuccour 
“¢ this thy Knight, who to fet forth thy worth, finds him- 
“ felfin this dangerous trance.The faying of thefe words, 
the priping fafi of his (word,cthe couering of himfelfe wel 
with his Buckler, and the affayling of the Bi/caine , was 
done all in one inftant, refoluing to venter all the fuc- 
cefle of the battell on that one only blow. The Bs/caine 


| Who perceiued hinacome in that manner, perceiued by 


his deughtineffe his intention , and refolued to doethe 
like ; and therefore ex pected him very well couered with 
his Cufhion,not being ableto manage his AZule as hec 
wifhed from one part co another who was not able to go 
a (teppe,it was fo wearied,as a bea@t neuer before vied to 
the liketoyes. Don-Quixote , as wee hauc faid,came a- 
gainlt the weary Bs/came,with his {word lifted aloft,with 
a full refolution to part him in two, and all the beholders 
flood with great feare fulpended, to fee the fuccefle of 
thofe montirous blowes wherwithall they threatned one 
another, And the Lady of the Coach with her Gentle- 
women made athoufand vowes , and offerings to all the 
deuoute places of Spaine , tothe end thatGod might de. 
liver the Squire,and themfelues out of that great danger 
wherein they were, But 


& 


Pant.  wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


But it is tobe deplored how in this very point and 
cearme , the author of this Hiflory leaues this battell de- 
pending,excufing himfelfe that he could finde no morc 
written of the aétes of Don- Duixote,then thofe which he 
hath already recounted, True it is,that the fecond writer 
of this worke would nor beleeuce that fo curiousaHiftory 
was drownd in the jawes obliuion,or that the wits of the 

dD | Mancha were fo little curious asnot to referue among 
| their treafuries or records , fome papers treating of this 
famous Knight: and therefore encouraged by this pre- 
{umption,he did not difpaire to finde the end of this plea 

fant Hiftory ; which heauen being propicious to 

him he gor at laft after the manner that 
fhall be recounted in the 
fecond Part. 


Hef ahr oY yftHy 


: t 
fh; . : 


Te ee ee ee me 


tome Ons. wo 


= —-+ -.@- 


PART.26 


TY KNIGHT Dow-Qvixors 
of the CU ANCH A. 


THE SECON,D PART. 


CHAP. I. 
Wherein is related the euents of the fearefull battell 
which the gallant Bifcaine fought with Don. 


Quixote. 


HISTORY OF THE WIT- 


Ec left the valorous Bifcaine , and the 
famous Don- Dasxotein the firft part, 
with their fwords lifted vp and naked 
in terms to difcharge cne vpon ano- 
ther two furious Cleeuers , and fuch, 


E 


= cut and diside them both from the 
tepto thetoe, andopen them like a Pomgranat. And 
that in fo doubtful a taking the delightiull Hittary Aop- 
| Ped and remained difinembred , che authour thereof Iea- 
| tang vs no notice where we might finde the reft of the 


ned the pleafurc I tooke in reading the besinning there- 


CT, 


A| as it they had allighted rightly, would | 


. 
Se emmaniennnmne tet ennai, em De ce a cay Ge OEE a en ee 


Narration, This oricued me notahitle ,buc whelly cur- [ 


= 


The delightful Eistory of the P ART.2. 


—— 


of into digult, thinking how {mall commodity was of- 
fered, to finde out fo much as in mine opinion wanted of , 
this fo delestableatale, Ie feemed vnto me almoftim- 
poffibic,and contrary to all good ordcr, that fo good a 
Knight fhould want fome wife man, that would vader- 
take his wonderfull prowefles and teats of Chiualric, A 
thiag thatnone of thofe Knights crrane ever wanted , of 
whom people fpeake ; for cach ofthem had one or two | 
wife men of purpofe, that did not only write their actes, 
but alfo depainted their very leaft eee and toyes, 
were they neuer fo hidden. And furely fo good a Knight , 
could not be fo vafortunate as ta wanetthat, wherewith » 
Platyr andothers his like abounded; andtherfore could 

not induce my felfeto beleeue, that fo gallane a Hiftorie 
might remaine maimed and lame , and did rather caft the 
fault vpon the malice ofthe time, who is aconfumer and 
deuourer of all things , which had eyther hidden or con. 
fumed it. Me thought onthé others fide, feeing that a- 
mong his bookes were found fome moderne works, fuch 
as the Vndeceming of [ealoufie,and The nymphs and fhee- 
phers of Henares, Thatalfohisowne Hiflory mult haue 
bin new;& ifthat it were not written, yet was themen.o- 
ry of him frefh among the dwellers of his owne village, 
and the other villages adioyning. This imagination held 
me fufpended and defirous tolearne really and truely all 
the lite and miracles of our famous Spaniard Dod Ozix- 
ote of the Mancha,the light and mirrour ofall ALanchr- 
callChwalrie; being the frft who in tais our age and 
time fo full of calamities did vndergo the trauels and ex- 
ercile of armes erranr; and vndid wrongs, fuccourd wid- 
dowes protecicd damzels that rode vp and downe with 
their woips and Paltrayes,and with ali their virginity on 
their backes from hilleo hill, anddale to dale ; for ifit 
hapned not chat fome lewd mifcreant, or fome Ciowne 
with ahatchet andiong haire or fome manftrous Giant | 
did turce them, damzelschereavere ia tines pall that at |, 


the. 


Pa RT. 2. ‘wittre Knight Don-Quixote. 


the end of fourcfcore yeares olde, all which time they ne- 
uct flept one day vnder aroofe , .went as intire and pure 
maydens to their graucs, as the very mother that bore 
them. Therefore I] fay, chat as well for this as for many 
other good refpects, our gallant Don- Ozixore is worthy 
of concinuall and memorable prayfes ; nor can the like be 
tultly deniedto my f{clfe, for the labour and diligence 
which I vfed to finde out the end of this gratefull Hitto- 
ry ; alchough I know very well, that if Heauen , Chance, 
and Fortune had not affifted me, the world had been de- 
priued of the delight and paftime, that he may take for 
i two houres together, who fhall with attention 
rtade it, The manner therefore of finding it was this: 
Being one day walking in the Exchange cf Teledoa 
certain boy by chance would haue fold certain ol quires 
& fcroules.of bookes to a Squire that walked vp & down 
in that place, and I being addicted to reade fuch fcroules, 
though I found them torne in the fireets, borne away by 
this my naturallinclination, tooxe one of the quiers in 
my hand, and perceiued it to be written in Arabicall cha- 
{ racters,and feeing that although Tknewthe letters, yet 
could I not read the fubAance, 1 looked about to view 
whether I might perceiue any more tranflated Spauiard. 
thereabouts that could read them : nor was it very diff- 
culc to finde there fuch an interpreter, for if I-fearched 


one of an other better and more ancient *lanouage, that | 


place might eafily affoord him, In fine my good fortune 
prefented one to me, to whom telling my defire, and {er- 
‘| ting the booke in his iand,he opened it, and haning read 
a intle therein, beg4n to laugh. demaunded ofhim why 
he laughed? andhe anfwered , ‘at that marginall note 
Which the booke bad, I bad himto expound it to me,and 
with that tooke hima little afide :and he continuing fill 
bis laughter foi, there is writtenhicre on this margin thefc 
words. This Dulcinea of Tobofo fo many times (poke of * 
this biftorse, bad the beft band for powdring of Parkes, 2 


any 


65 


* To wit,a lew. 


| Pa.) se 


66 | 


The delightfull Hiftorie ofthe Panr2. 


4 any woman in all the Mancha, When J heard itmake 


1 the Arabseall into Spanifh ina trice, he {aid that it bepan, 


whathe lifled for his paines: he demaunded fitty pounds 


| Ctedand welcome treafure, brought himto my houle , 
| where he cranflated all the worke in -leffe thet.a moneth 
1 anda halfe,euen in che manner thar itis ‘here recounted. 


: et is Bid sos : 
| delivered fo naturally,as a man mighgperc®ue it was hi- 


bow sthe Bifcaine had a title written vadcr his feererhce. 
{aid Don Sancho de cA xpetia for fo belike he was called: | 
aud at Rezinante his fecte there: was another that faid, | 


mention of Dulemea of Tobofe, [relied amazed and fuf- 


pended,and imagired torthwiih thacthofe quiers contai- 


ned the Hifforie of. Don Oarxote, with this conceit J hafi-i 
red himto read the beginning which he did, &tranflating 


thus, The Hiftorie of Don Quixote of the AL ancha, writ-' 
tem by Cyde Hamete Benengeli, an -eArabicall Hiftorio- 

grapher, Muchdiferction was requifiteto diflemble the 

content of mind I conceived, when I heard the title of the. 
booke, andpreucnting the Squire, I bouphe all the 
boyes {croles and papers forhalte a Riall, and-were he.of, 
difcretion, or knew my defire, he might have promifed 
himfelfe eafily,and allo borne away with him more then 

fixe Reals for his Merchandize. I departed after withthe ' 
Moore,to the Cloylter of the preat Church, and I reque- 
Qed him to turne me all che e4rabicad fhectes that crea- 
ted of Don- Qasxote into Spanith , without adding or ta- 
king away any thing from them. , and I would pay him 


of Realons and three bufhels of Wheate, aud promiled.to 
tranflate them f{pcedily,well,and faithfully, Buc], to har 
ten the tnatter more, leaft I fhould lofe fuch an viiexpe- 


_ There was painted in the firll Quier very naturally che 
batcell betwixt Don-Duixote and the Bifeaine ; euen in t 
the fame manner chat the HiQlory relatcth it, with their } 
{words lifted aloft,the one couered with his Buckler, the | 
other withthe Cufhion: and the Bifcaines CAdale was 


red; although he flood farther off ten the thot ofa Crof. 


Don. 


| PaRri2. wittie Knizit Don-Quixote. | 6 7 | 
| 


Don. Quixote, Roximante was maruellous well pourtra- 
ted,fo long and lanke, fo lanke and Ieane , fo like one Ja- 
bouring with en incurableconfumption , as he did fhew 
very clecrely with what confideration and propriety hec 
had giuen vnto himthename Rozmante, By him flood 
Sancho Panca, holding his Affe by the halter ; at whotc 
feete was another {croule,faying, Saxcho Cancas: and J 
thinke the reafon thereot was,that as his pscture fhewed, 
he hada great belly,a fhort ftature,and thick leggcs. And | 
therfore I iudge he was called * Panca or Canca,tor both 
thefe names are written of him indifferendy in the Hifto- | 
ty. There were other little things in ic worthy the no- 
ting bur all of them are of no great importance , nor any 
thing neceflary for thetrue relation of the Hiftorie, for 
none is ill ifit be true. And ifavy obicction be made a- 
gaint che cruth of this, it can be nonc other then thatthe 
author wasa Moore,and it is a knowne propriety of that 
nation co be lying : yet in refpceét that they hate vs fo 
mortally,ic isto be conieQured that in this Hiflory there 
is rather want and concealment of our Knights worthy 
actes , then any fuperfluity; which I imagine the rather, 
becaufe I finde in the progreffe thereof many times , that 
when he might and ought to haue aduanced his penne in 
our Knights prayfes , he doesas it were of purpofe pafle 
them ouer in filence, Which was very ill done,feeing that 
Hifloriographers ought and fhould be very precife , true, 
and vnpaffionate,and that neitherprofice, or feare , ran- 
cor or aftection fhould make them to treade awry from 
the truth, whofe mother is Hiflory, the Emulatrefle of 
Jhon, the depofitory of actions, the witnefle of things 
pee aduertifer of thingsto come. In this Hiftorie 
‘know aman may finde all thathe can defire in the mo 
| pleafing maner; and if chey want any thing to be defired, 
faim of opinion that itis through the fault of that vngra- |. 
tious knaue that tranflated it, rather then through any 
defeG in the fubieé&t. Finally the fecond part thereof ay } 
Es cor- 


ail 


68 


The delightfull Hiflorieof the .PAaRt.2. 


a ge ne 


cording to the tranflation ) began in this maaner : 

The trenchant {words of thetwo valorous and inra- 
yed combatants being lifted aloft, it {eeimed that they 
cthreatned Heauen, the earth, andthe depths. Such was 
their hardines and courage : andthe firft thatdifcharged 


fury,as if the{word had nocturned a litrle in the way, that 


1 ancly blow were fufficient to fecamend to the rigorous 


conten tion,and all other the aduentures of our Knighr. 
But his good Fortune which referued him for greater af- 
faires,did wreft his aduerfaries {word awry in fuch fort, 
as though hettroke himon the left fhoulder, yet did it no 
more harme,then difarme all that fide,carying away with 


| it a great part of his Beauer, with the halfe ot his eare; all 


which fell to the ground with a dreadfull ruine , leauing 
1 im in very ill cafe for a good time, Good God! whois 
becthac.can well defcribe at this prefent the fury that cn - 


1 his blow was the B:/caine which fell with fuch force and | 


tred in thé heart of our CALznchegan , {eeing himfelfe v- | 


fed in that mannet ? Let vs fay no more, but thatit was 
fuch, chat ftretching himfcife againe in the ftirrops, and 
eriping his {word taft in both his handes , he difcharyed 
uch a terrible blow on the Bifcaine, hitting him npht 
vpon the Cufhion,; & by it on thé head, that the (trength 


| and chickencfle thereof fo little auailed him: that as if a 


| 
| 
| 


; 
; 
: 
1 
! 


’ 
' 
' 


| 


fpecdily and testing the point of his {word on his cycs,he 


whole nyonntaine had falne vpon him, the bleed gufhed 
cut.cf his mouth,nofe,and cares, alfat once, and he totte- 
ridfoonhis Maje, that every Heppe he tooke he. was 


ns gO © 


ready to fail off, as he would indeede, ifhe bad nor taken | 
himby the necke zyct neuertheleffe he loft the ftirreps, | 


| and Jooling his gripe of the Mule, it being hkewife frigh- 


ted by that teryibie blow, ranne aways fall as'it could a- 
bourthe ficlds,and within two or three winches , over- 


threw bimiothe pround, All which Dom Quixote {tood 


beholding with great quietneffe , and as foone as he faw 


him fall he leape off his horfe, and ranne.ouer to him very | 


bad 


Oe ead 


at, 


ck 


ae Bie“ wer 


ae ta NY ee ee a ee ee ky ee BS eee 


a er eee ’ 
Parr.2. wittre Knight Don-Quixote. 6 9 | 


bad,him yeeld himfelfe or elfe he would cut off his head, 
The Bifcaine was {o amazed as hee could not {peake a 
word, and it had fuccecded very ill with him , confidering 
Don- Qnixeres fury,ifthe Ladies of the Coach,which vii- 
cill chen had beheld the confli& with great anguith , had 
not come where he was, andearneftly befought him to 
doe them she fauour to pardon their Squires life. Don- 
Quixote anfwered with a preat loftinefle and gravity ; 
‘< Truely faire Ladies I am well appaid to graunt your re- 
€¢ queft, but it mufi be with chis agreement and conditi- 
“ on,that this Knight fhall promife me to goe to Tebaé, 
“and prefent hinnfelfe in my name to the Pcereleffe La- 
“ die Dalcinea,to the end the may difpofe of him as thee 
‘€ pleafeth. The timerous and comfortleffe Lady with- 
out confidering what Don- Quixet: demaunded, or af- 
king what Dalcinea was,promifed that her Squire fhould 
accomplifh all chat he pleafed to commaund, Why then 
quoth Den- Quixote trufting to your promife, I'le do him 
no more harme , although he hath well deferued it at my 
handess 2 * | 


{ Sey sr 2e- — eR 


Cuap. II. 


Of that which ig befellunte Don-Quixote , when 
be bad left the Ladies. 6 
Y this Sache Panca had gotten vp, 
though fomew hat abufed by the Friars 
» Lackeyes, and flood attentiuely behol- 
ding his Lords combate , and prayed to 
€ God with all hishart,that it would pleafe 
him to giue him the viGtory ; and chat he 
might therein winne feme Ifland, wherof he might make | 
him gouernour,as he had promifed, And feeing the con- 
trouerfie ended at laft , and that his Lord casera | 
F 3 : S 


- The delightfull Hiflorteofthe Pa R12. 


cent 
pon Rozinante; he came to holde him the flirrap, and 


caft himfelfe on his knees before bim ere he got vp , and 
taking him by the hand, he kiftit , faying , I defire that it 
will pleafe you good my Lorde Don- Quixote , to be- 
(low vpon me the gouernement of that Ifland which in 
this terrible battell you haue wonne; for thongh it were 
neuer fo great, yetdoe] finde my felfe ableenough to 
gouemne it,as well as any other whatfoeuer that euer go- 
uerned Ifland in this world.To this demand Don. Quixote 
in{wered,thou muft note friend Sancho, that this. aducn- | 
ture,and others of chis kmd are not-aduentures of Iflands: 
but of chwartings and high wayes , wherein.nothing elfe 
is gained but a broken pate,or the lofle ofaneare, Haue | 
patience a while,for aduentures will be offered, whereby 
thou fhale not only hemade a gouernour, but alfo a orea- 
terman; Sancho rendred him many thankes ,and kiffing | 
bjs hand.againe, and the skirc of his Habergeon, hee did | 
helpehimto get vp on Rozinante ,iand he leapt on his | 
Affe, and followed his Lord:.who with a fwift pace, 
without taking leaue,or {peaking to thofe of the Coach , 
he entred into a wood that was hard at hand, Sanche 
followed him as faft as his bealt could trotre, but Rozi- 
nante went off fo {wiftly,as he perceining he was liketo 
be left behinde , was forced tocall aloude te his Mafter 

that he Would {tay for him.-Which Don- 9nixore did by : 
checking ‘Rozixante withthe bridle , ‘yntill his:vearied . 
Scuire did arriue, whoas foone ashe came, {aid vato |' 


ee 


Knight errant that hath been bronght before the Iudge, 


bins : Me thinkes ( Sir ) that it will not bé ammiffe'to tetire 

- our felues to fome Church; for according: as that man is | 
ll dight with whom you fought, I cestsialy p sfywvad emy’ | 
elfe shat they will give moticeof the fact wo the holy bre | 
therbood,and they willfeeke to apprehend vs; which if |: 
‘they doe, in good faith before we can get out of their 

clawes,I feare ine we fhall fweate for it. Peace, quoth | 
‘Don. Quixote, where haft thou ever read or feene that |: 


roan 


though 1. 


Pany.2zs _ wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


though hee committed reucr fo many homivites and’ 


flaughters, I know nothing of Omicilles, quoth Sancho, 
nor haue I cased in my lite for any, but well [ wote chat it 
concernies che holy brotherbond to deale with fuch as fie nt 
¢ in the fields, & in that other I wil not incermedie.Then be 
not afraid friéd quoth Don- Quixote, for I wil deliuer thee 
out of the hands of the Cafdeans , how much more our o! 
thofe of the brotherhood. But tell me in very good earncli 
whether thou didft euer fee a more valorons Knight then 
| Tam,throughout the face of the earth? Did{t thou ever 
teade in Hiftories of any other that hath, or etter had 


more courage in aflayling, more breath in perfcuerirg , 


more dexterity in offending, or more arte in ouerthrow- 
ing then 1? Thetruth.is,quoth Sascho, that I have never 
read any Hiftory,for Ican neither reade nor write, but 
that which Idare wager is , that I neverin my life ferued 
a bolder Mafter then you are,and I pray God that we pa 
not fer this boldnes,there where I have faid. That which 
I requef} you is,that you will cure your felfe,for you loofe 
much bloud by that eare ; and here Ihaue Jinte anda lit- 
tle Vngnentum eA lbum \n my Wallet. All this night be 
excufed,quoth Don. Durxote,if Ihad remembred to make 
a Viol] full. of the Bal/amuws of Fierebras, for with one 
drop of it we might fpare bothtime, and’ want well all 
thofe othermedicines, What Viall, and what Bel/amum 
is char, faid Sancho Panca? It is,anfweredDon- Quixote, 
a Balfamum whereof I haue the receit in memory, which 
one pofleffing he needes not feare death, nor ought he to 
thinke that he may be killed by any-wound : and there 
fore after I haue made it,and giuen it vnto thee,chou haft 


nothing elfe to doe,but when thou fhalt fee that in any : 


battell-I be cleuess in twaine ( 4s many thnes ie happens 
thou fhale cake faire and foftly that part of my body that 
is falne to the ground,and put ie#p again with preat fu 
tity on the part that reftsin the faddle,before the blood 
.congeale,hauing enermore Bree ¢ate that thou place it 


wh | 


am 


great fub- | 


BP Ta? ween “De ae we eee ee “eee Csi‘ Kk Cr!hlCCC—S 


72 The aelichtfull Hifforie of the Panne. 


Ire eg eee Ao ee 
iufland equally ; then prefently after thou fhale giue me 
two draughts of that Bal/amam which J baue faid, thou 
fhale fee me fireight become founder then. an apple. If 
that be true, quoth Sancho,| doe prefently here renounce 
the goucrnement of the Ifland you promifed,and will de- 
aiand nothivg elfe in recompence of my feruices of you, 
but onely the receit of this precious Iquor ; for I amcer- 
taine that an ounce thereof will be worth two Reals in a- 
ny place,and when J hauc it I fhould neede nothing elfe 
to yaine my living eafily and honelily, But let me know, 
is it coflly in making ? With leffe then three Reals, quoth 
Don- Quixotea man may make three gallons orit. But | 
meane to teach thee greatcr ecrets then this,and do thee 
preater favours alfo, And now let me cure my felfe , for | 
mine care gricuesme more then I would with. Sancho! 
thea tookc out of his wallet his linte and oyntment to | 
cute his Mafter. But when Dow- Quixate faw that the vi- 
zar of his helmet was broken , he wasready to run mad; | 
and fetsing hisband to his (word, and litting vp his eyes | 
10 heauen, he faid I vow tothe creator.ofall things, and | 
to the foure Gofpels where they are largeft written , to | 
leade fuch another life as the great. CAtargueffe of ALan- | 
tua did, when he {were to reuenge the death-of his Né-. 
phew V aldommnos, hich was,ndtto este on Tabje-cloth, |i 
vor {pore with his wife,and otker things, whichaltheugh |: 
[doe not nowremember I] give chem lieere for ex pref 
ied,vneil I cake complete reuenge on himthethath done |: 
-methis outrage, Sawcha hearin e this faid, youmutt noce: 
Sit Dom Quixote, thacifchd Kuight hath: accamphifhed: | 
that which you ordained, co poe and prefeortipdsife bee | 
fore my | ady Dadcinea of Tobofa., chdn hath he fully faci. || 
fied his debt,and deferues nonew punifhmene, except he. |. 
comit’a new fault. Thou had fpoken wel & jit che asarke. 
right, faid Dow--Qaigota,and therfote.I-difaniil che.cath: 
‘in that of taking any new seuenge on hig: but I-make ity 
and confirme it againe,that] wil leade the life! have faid, 


, i! 
oy erent — ae - oe ae - eee, 5 cee >» 7 vail | ¥ 


Panv.2. | wittieKnight Don-Quixcte. | 


vorill I take another helmet like , or as good as this per- 
force from fome Knight, And do not thinke Sancho,that 
| [make this refolution lightly , orasthey fay, withthe 
{moake of Rrawes; for ] haue an authour whom I niay 
very well imitate herein,for the —) like in eucry refpect 
patiabout CMambrinoshelmet , whichcoft Sacripbante 
(o deerly,] would have you refiene thofe kinde of oathes 
tothe Diuel, quoth Sancho,for they wilhure your health, 
and preiudice your confcience.. Ifnot, teilme now,! be- 
feech your,if we thal noc thefe many caies cneounter with 
any chat weares a helinet, what fhall we doe ? Will you 
accomplith the oath, in defpite ofall the inconucnicnecs |. 
| and difeommodities that enfue thereof? to wit, to fleepe 
in your clothes: nor to fleepe in any'dwellmg, & a thor. 
fand-other penitencies,whicH the oath ofthe maddé olde 
man,the (Margqneffe of (Mantua comained , which'you 
meané to ratifie now 7 Dortit you confider that armed 
men travel] not in.any ofthefewayes , bat Carriers, and 
Waggoners,who tet oneély carie 170 helmets, but ao for 
| che moft pert neutrheéardipeake of ‘them in their ‘lives. 

Thoudoltdeceiue thy felfe faynifg fo, replied Dix: wiv: 
ote,for we fall not haunt thefe wayes two houres,betore 
we fhall fee morearmed Kinghts then were at the ficve 
of ef lbrdea;to conquer eAngriica the fare. Wellthen, 
ec it be fo,quoth Sanco and [pray.Ged ithefall ¥s welt: 
whom I deacutly Beleech that the time may atric 8f6 4- 
ping that Iftand which cofts me fd deere, and after fet me 
die prefently and Feare nor: I haue already fatd to chee 
Sanchs,quoth bis’Lord , tharthdofhouldt ‘nor troubte 
thy folfein any vi fe add this obi; forivhen anTilind 
were waritngiweh ane they the Ridpddihe of Demmarke 
Gr that of Sobrady2/ which Will come as fit for thy pur. 
pofe as.aring to thy finger,and principally thou ant to re- |” 
loyce Becadle they are ‘on the continent. .But omitting 
this ilhighwine tine de whether thon hatt ary ching tn 
thy wallec,and lec-vs eate it, that afterward SEfey E : 
. egre 


—— 


AO Meena ter GG lA He, 
ener « an -ae, © ee: Qa os 


ee ee 


=. 3 See 


74 


Se ee ne a gs 
| {carch out fone Caftle, wherin we may lodge this night, 


| haue here an Onion, replied the Squire, Peat of Cheefe : 


. The delightful Hiftorie of the = Pant. | 


nD 


and make the Ba//amum which] haue toldethee, ForI | 


vow toGod that this eare grieucs me maruelloufly. | 


and a few cruftes of bread, but fuch groffe meates are not. 
befitting fo noble a Knight as you are. How ill doft chou 
vnderftand it,an{wered Don. Snixore?l let thee to vnder- 
Aland Sancho,that it isan honour for Knights errant not 
to eate once in amoneths {pace;-and if by chaunce they 
fhould eate, to cate onely of that which is next.at hand, 
And this thou mighteft certainely conceiue , had thou 
read fo many bookes as Ihaue done. For. though IJ paft 
ouermany, yet did I neuer finde recorded in any that 
Knights errant dideucr cate,but by meere chance and ad: ' 
uenture , or in fome-cofily banquets that were made for 


them,and all the other daies: they paft ouer with hearbs | 


and rootes: and though itis to be vaderflood that they 
could netliue without meate, and fupplying the other 
needes of naturesbecaufe they were in effect men as wee 
are :itis likewife to bee ynderltood, that {pending the 
preater part of their liues in Forrefts and defarts,and that 
too without a Cook, that their moft ordinary meats were. 
but courfe and rufticall, {uch as thou doft now offer ynto 
me.Sothat friend Sancho,let not that trquble thee which 
is my. pleafure , Aor goe not, thou aboutto make anew 
world,or to hoi{t Chivalrie errant off of her hinges, Par- 
don me good Sir,quoth Sascho ; for by reafon J can ney- 
ther reade nor write, as I haue {aid once before, I haue 
not falne rightly jn the rules and la wes. of Knighthood ; 
and from hgncefgrth my walles {hall be well furnifbed 
with all kindes dee frais for you, becaufe “you area 
Knight: and for my felfe feeing I am none, I will pronide 
fowles and other things,that are of more fubftance. I fay 
not Sanche,quoth Don-Quixete that it is a forciblelaw 
to Knights.errant,not to cate a@pother thiays then fich : 
fruits, but that their moft ordinary fuftenance could be 

none 


soem 


| 
| 


PaRT.2. wittie Knight D on-Quixote, 


nove other then thofe ; andfome hearbes they found vp 
and downe the ficlds, which they knew very well, andfo 
doe J alfo, It isavertue, queth Sancbo , to know thofe 
hearbes ;for as I imagine that knowledye will fome day 
Rand vs in flcad: and faying fo,he tooke out the prouifion 
he had,which they both cate together with good confer- 
mity. But being defirous to fearch out a place where 
they might lodge that night, they did much fhorten their 
poore dinner, 2nd mounting anone a horfe-backe, they 
made as much haft as they could,to finde out fome dwe!- 
lings\before the night did fall , but the Sunne and their 
hopes did fallethem, at once they being neare’ the Ca- 
bins of certaine Goat-heards ; and therefore they conclu- 
ded to take vp their lodging there for that night; for 
though Sanchoes griefe was preat to Ire oue of 2 village, 
yet Don- Dnixetes ioy exceeded it farre , confidcring hee | 
muft fleepe vnder open heaven, becaufe he made account 
as oftas this befell him,that he did.a worthy a&te , which 
| did facilitate and ratifie the practife of his Chivalry. 


= 


ar Cuap. Ill. | | 
Of that which patt betweene Don-Quixote. andcer- 
_: paine Goat-beards. - a ee ee | 


’ 
f, a 


56-gey Ee was intertained very cheerefully by 
the Goat-heards , and Sancho hauing fet 
Ves EY vp Rexsmante and his Affe, as well ashee |- 
Tait C ‘could, fie prefently repaired to the fmell | 
6 of cettain petces of Goat-fieth that ftood 
: boyling in aKerttle,ouerthe fire, andal. | 
though he thought in that very moment to trie whether. 
they were in {eafon to be tranflated out of the Kettle in- 
to the Rorhach, he did omicit,becaufe he faw the Heards 
take them off che fire,and f{préading certaime Sheepskins, 


which 


BN a id 


76 


The delightfull History of the P aRt.2. 


which they had for that purpofe on the ground , lay ina 
trite their ru(ticall table,and inuited the Mafter.and man 
with very cheerefullminde to come and t:ke part of that 
which they had. There fate downe round about the 
skinnes fixe of them,which were allchat dwelled in that 
Foulde,hauing firft(vfing fome courfe complements)pla- 
ced Don-Quixote vpon a trough, turning the bottom VB. 


| Dow. Qusxote fate downe and Sanche flood , to ferue the 


cuppe, which was made of horne, His Mafter {ceing him 
afoote, faid, Sanche,to the end that thau mayeft perceive 
the good included in wandring Knighthood., and alfo in 
what poffibility they are, which exercife chemfelues in a- 
ny miniflery thereof co arriue briefely to honour and re- 

utation in the world, My willis, thatthou.doft fit here 
E y my fade,and in company with this good people , and 
that thou beelt.one and the very felfe fame thing with | 
me,who am thy Mafter and naturall Lord , that thou eate 


‘in my difb,and drinke in the fame cup wherein I drinke : 
‘forthe fame may be faid of Chiualrie that is of Loue ,to 
-wit,that it makes all things equall. I yeelde you great 
thaakes,quoth Sancho,yet dare I auouch vito you, char 
fo I had wherewithall co eate well, I could cate it ‘as well 


or better (landing and alone, then if! fate by an Enepe-| 

roxr. And befides,ifI muft fay the truth , me thinkes that 
which ] eate in a corner without ceremonies,curipfity,or 
ite{pect of any, though it were but bread and an Onien, 
‘{mackes a preat deale better, then Turkey-Cackes at.o- 
ther cables where I muft chaw my meat leifurely, drinke 

but licle, wipe my handes often,muft not neefe nor cough 
‘though I haue g defire or be like to choake,nor doe other |. 
‘things that folitude and liberty. bring with them.So chat, 7 
‘(good Sir)I would haue you conuertthefe honours that 
you would beftow vpon me in refpeét that J am an adhe- |: 
rent to Chiualry,as I am being your Squire, into things 

more effentiall.and profitable fer me then thefe; and}. 
though I remaine as thankeful}for them , as if they were | : 

: receited, 


neem pee nnn, 


f 


6 rr er ee re 


i 


PAR T.2. wittie Knicht Don-Quixete. 


receined,yct doe I hcre reneunce from this time vail the 
worldsend. Forall thar, thou fhale fic, forthe humble 
thall be «xalted; and fo caking him by the arme,he forced 
him to fic downe neere hinfelfe. 

The Goatherds did not vaderftand that Gibbrifh of 
Squires and Knights errant,and therefore did nothing e:fc 
but eate, and hold their peace, and Jooke on their guci{ls, 
that coffed in with their fifth whole flics, with good grace 
and Momacks, The courfe of flcfh being ended, they 
ferued in on the rugges a great quantity of fhe!d Akorns, 
and halfe a.cheefe harder then it it were made of rough- 
cating. The horne flood not the while idic, for it went 
round about fo often now full, now empty much like a 
conduit *ofNoria. And ina trie it emptied one of the 
two wine bags that lay there in the publike vicw. After 
thar Don- Quixote had fatisfied his appetite well,he tooke 
vp afith full of Acornes, aad beholding them carneftly, 
“he began todifcourfein this manner. Happy time, 
*¢ and fortunate ages were thofe,whercon our anceftors 
“beflovicdthetitle of Goulden, not becaufe Gould 
‘€ (fo much prized inthis ouryronage ) was gotten ia 
“ chathappy time, without any labours, but becaufe 
“ thofe which livedin thar time. knew nor thefe two 
“ words Thine & Mine, in that holy age al! things were 
“incommon:No mannecded for his ordinarie fufte- 
“nance tu doe onght elfe then lift vp his hand,and take 
“Citfrom the flrong Oke, which did liberally inu‘te chem, 
‘ vather his fweete and fauory fiuite. The cleare foun- 
“taises and running rivers did cffer them thefe favoric 
“6 ¥nd tranfparent waters inmagnificent abundance. In 
** the clifts of rocks and ho'low trees did the carefull and 
* diferecte dees crectthcir commonwealth , efferiag to 
“cuery hand without isterclt, the fertile croppe of theis 


¢ (weetcfttrauailes. Phe Joftie Corke tree did difinifle cf 
© thcfelucs withoutanycther art then that of their natiue } 


“¢ hiberalitie,their broad and lichnrindes, Wherew ithall 


horfes |. 


* Arcaduxed 
Novia.p.7€. 


7 


| “nefle and truth : Iuftice was in her proper termes, fauor 


The delightfull Hiitory ofthe Panr.2. 


— 


“¢ horfes were at firft couered, being fuftained by rufticall 
*¢ (tukes, to none other end , but for to keepe backe the 
*¢ inclemencies of the Ayre, All then was peace, all ami- 
‘<tie,and all concord: as yet the plowfhade prefumed 
¢ not with rude encounter to open and fearch the com- 
 naffionate bowels of our fir mother ; for fhe without 
“€ compulfion offered vp through all cle parts of her fer. 
$¢ till and {pacious bofomeall chat which might fatisfie, 
« fuftaine,and delight thofe children which it then had : 
“ yeaic was then that che fimple and beautifull young 
“¢ Sheepheardefles went from valley to valley , and bill to 
°¢ hill with their haires fometimes plaited , fometimes di- 
 fheueld, without other apparrell then that which was 
 requifite to couer comelily that which modefty wils. 
€¢ and cuer would haue concealed. Then were of no re- 
¢€ queft the attires and ornaments which are now vfed, 
<t by chofethat efteem the pape of Tyre and the fo-ma- 
 ny-waies-martyrized Silke fo much: but onely certains 
© oreene Ieaues of Burdocks and [nie intertexed and wo- 
“uen cogether,wherewithall perhaps they went as gor- 
“ geoufly and comely deckt, as now our Court-dames 
‘* with all the rare and eut-landifh inuentions that idle- | 
“ neffe and curiofity hath found out, Then, were the a- 

“ morou s conceits of the minde,fimply and fincerely de- 
« Jiucred and imbellifhed in the very forme and manner 
“chat fhe had conceiued them, without any artificial 
<€ eontexture of wordes to indeere them ; fraude , deceit, 
“ or mallice had not then medled themfelues with plain- 


€€ daring not to trouble or confound her,or the refpectof 
“© profite which do now profecute, blemifh.and difturbe 
‘her fomuch. The law of corruption or taking bribes 
*¢ had not yet poffeft the vnderftanding of the Judge ; for 
“ then was neither Iudge nor perfon to be iudged. May- | 
“dens and honefly wandred then fay where they lifted, | 
*6 alone figniorizing fecure,thatno {tranger liberty or la- 


{ciuious | 


ae ee TL a EE PO re a STP 


—————— — 


Panr2.  wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


“ {ciuious inrentcould preiudice it, or their one native 
“ defireor willany way endamage it, But now in thefe 
our dete{tabie times no damzclis fafe although fhe be 
“hid and (hut vp in another new Labyrinth , like that of 
‘Creetesfor etien there it (elfet the amorous plague 
“would encer,eyther by fomecranie , or by the ayre , or 
“by the continuall vreings of curfed care, to infedtiner. 
For whofe protection and fecurity was lat inficuced., 
By fucceffe of times the order of Knighthood; to de- 
“tend damzels,proteat widows , and eMfii O:phans and 
 diftrefled wights. Of this order am I, triends Geat- 
‘Cheards,whomn I doe heartily thanke for the good inter- 
“tainement which you giue vito. me.and my Squire : for 
‘Calthough that euery one living is obliged by the law of 
nature co fauour Knights errant; yet narwithttancing, 
€ knowing that you knew not this obl: gation,and yet did 
“ recejue and make much of me , it Mands with all reafon 
that] doe render you thankes with all my heart, 

Our Knight made this long Oration ( which might 
haue beene well excufed,) becaufe the Acornes that were 
giuen vato him, called co his minde the golden world: 
andtherefore the mmour tooke himto make the Goat- 
heards that vnprofitable difcourfe , who heard him all a- 
mazed and fufpended with very. great attention all the 
while, Sancho likewife held his peace, eating Acornes, 
andin the meane while vieed very often the fecond 
wine bagee, which becaufe it might be frefh, lay hanged 
Ypona Cerke tree. ‘Don Quixote had {pent more time 
in his (peech then in his {upper ; at the end whereof oné¢ 
of the Goat-heards faid,to the end that you may more af- 
furedly knew , Sir Knight errant , that we doe intertaine 
you with prompt andready will, we will Jikewife make 


you fome paftime , by hearing one of our companions |’ 


finy, who is a Heard of good vnderflanding , and very 2- 
morous withall ; andcan befides reade and write» and 
playes fo wellon aRebecke, that thereis nothing ate C 

| i 


>= awe 


ST, 


| 80 | 


defired, Scarce had the Goat-heard ended his {peech, 


The delightfullHistery ofthe Panxr.2. 


when the found of the Rebecke touched his care, and 
within a while after he arriucd that played on it, being a 
youth of fome twenty years olde,and one ofa very good 


agraceand countenance, His fellowes demaunded if he 


had tupped,and an{wering that he had 5 he which did of- 
fer the curtefie,faid 5 then eathony thou maylt doe vs a 
pleafure by finging a little, that this Gentleman our 
eucttmay{fce, that we enioy amidit thefe groues and 
woods,thofe that know what muficke is : we haue tolde 
him already thy good qualities, and therefore we defire 
that thou fhew them, to verifie our wordes. And there- 
fore I defire thee by thy life, thac chou wilt fic and fing 
the Dittie which thy vncle the Piebendary made of thy 
loue,and was fo wel liked of in our village. I ain content, 
quoth the youth, and without further intreaty , hitting 
downe on the truncke of a loppedOake , hee turned his 
Rebecke, and after a while began with a fingular good 
grace to fing in this manner, 


Know Olalia! thon dof? me adcre, 
Though yet to me,the fame thou hast not [aid : 

Nor fhowen it once,by one poore glaunce or more 

Since lowe ss foonest by fuch tongues bewrayde. 
Yet caufe I ewer held thee to be wife - 

It me alfa es,thoubeareft me good will: 

And he is not unfortunate that fees 

How his affettions are not taken ill, 
Yet fer allthes Olalia! és true 

I by obfernance gather tomy woe: 

Thy minde ts framde of braffe by art undew 

And flint thy bofome ts though it feemes fnow. 
And yet amidft thy rigor sWinter-face 

And other fhifts thonvfeft to delay mee, 

Sometime hope peeping out, does promife grace 

But woe ts mee,l feare tis to betray mee. 


i eft! 


if 
: 


‘Parr.2. wittie Knizht Don-Quixote. 


Sweeteft ! once inthe ballance of thy minde — 
Poyfe with mt warg hts my faith, which nener yet 
Diminifbt thouth disfanor it did finde ; | 
Nor can increafe more,though thon fanourd fit - 

‘| Lf lone be conrteons,as fowse men [ay ; 

By thy hunsanity,I msuSt collett 
_ My hopes hows ener thon doft vfe delay 
Shallreape at laft,the good [ doe expel, 
[f many fernicesbe of eheeme 2° 9 
Or power'torender abardheart benigne: 
Sach things I ded for thee,as make me deeme, 
E bane the match gainde,and thon {bale be mine, 

For sf at anytimeshouhafitancheede =| 
T hou more then once might viewhow I was clad, 
Tobonour theeon Mundayes withtheweede, 
Which worne on Sundayes,got me credit had, 

For lone and branery flill themfelues confort, 
Becanfethey both fhoote ener atoneend ss’ 
Which made me when I didtotheerefort; 
Stillso be neat and fine I did contend, 

Heere I omit the daunces I bane done 

And Mafiques | bane at thy window giaen's 

When thon did? at Cockcrow liften alone,’ |. 
And feemd ft bearing my voy ce,to be in‘heanen, 

I doe not cke,the prayfesherereconnt 

Which of thy beauty I fo oft bane faid: ° | 
Which though they all weretrne, were Iikewife wont 
To make the ennions mee, for [pightupbrarde, 

When to Terela fhee of Berrocal, ae 
1 of thy worthes difcourfe did fometime fhapes : 
Good God! quoth fhee,youfeeme an Augelsthrah, 

dyer for (doll, ou adore an Ape.: ie 

Shee te her bugles shankesmay giue and chaines, 
Falfe haires,and other fhifts that fhe dothufe, 

— tomend her beauty with athonfandpaynes 

And guiles; which might lones very felfe abnfes | oan 


G of | 


Wroth at ber words,I gane ber ftresght the Le, 

which did ber and ber con{en fo offend: 

es me to fight ,be challengd [tiles 

eAnd well thou know? of our debate the end: 

I meane not thee,to purshafe at a clap , 

Nor to that end,doe I thy fanour {xe : 

Thereby thie lonour esther to intrap, 

Or thee perfwade,totake courfesundue. 

The Church hath bands which dee fo furely hold, 

As no filke String for flrength conses to thews neers 

Tothruft thy wecke once in the yoake be beld, 

eAnd fee sf I to follow thee will feare. | sy 

If thon wilt not,berefolemnly [vow —..  ... Je 
By bollie/t Sasnt evr ap t in precious forine , 
Neuer to leane thofe hils where I dwellnow, 

_ Uf t benot ta become a ( apuce. . 


Heere the Goat-heard ended hisditty, and although ; 
Don- Quixote intreated himto fing fomewhat elfe, yet | 
would not Sascho Panca coufent toit ; who was atthat | 
time better difpofed to fleepe then to heare mulicke sand | 
therefore faid to his Mafter, you had. better pranide your |, 
' felte of a place wherein to fleepe this night,chen, toheare | 
: _muficke,for the Jabour that thefe good menindureé all the | 
| day long , doth not permit that they likewife {pend the | 
- nightin finging. .] ynderfland thea well caough Sanebe, | 
o- anfwered Don- Quixote, nor did] thinke lefle, but that 
| thy manifold vititations of the wine bottle, would rather |' 
: defire to be recompenceéd with fleepe then with thuficke, 
| The wine liked vs all well, quoth Sancho: I doe not de- 
. nic it,replicd Don- Quixote, but goe thou and lay thec 
' downe where thou pleafeld , for it. beeomes.much more 
is | ‘men ofiny profeffion to watch.then to fleepe. Yet nog- 
withfanding it will not be amiffe to Jay fomwhat againe 
“ tominecate; foritgrieues me very much. One of che 
Goat-hcards beholding the hurt, bod him be of good 


checre.. 


PaRrr.2. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. | 


cheere,for he would apply aremedie that fhould cure it 
eafily, And taking fome Rofermary leates of many that 
; grew thereabouts,he hewd them , and after mixcd alittle 
falt among them , and applied this medicine to the care, 
he bound it vp well witha cloth; affuring him that hee 
necded ‘to yfe no other medicine, as it proved after in | 


efich, 


okt Rae Ne 
Of that which one of the Goat-heards recountedto thefe 
shat werewith Don-Quixote 


gp, Bout this time arrined another youth, one 
Rea of thofe chat brought them prouifion 
pA from the Village,who faid; Companions, 
9% doe not you know what paffeth in the 
repr. Village ? How can we know it being ab- 

“~~~ fent? faies another of them, Then wit, 
quoth the youth , that che famous Sheepheard, and Stv- 
der-.<brifostome died this morning , and they murmure f 
that he died for loue of that diuellith laffe ALarcela, Wil- 
hams the richhisdauhter, fhe that goes yp and downe 
thefe plainesand hils among vs in the habite of a Paffora. 
Doftthou meane (Marcela , quoth one of them ? Euen 
her,I fay,anfwered the other ; and the jeftis, that he hath 
commaunded in his Teftament , that he be buried in the 
fields as ifhe were a Moore ; and thatit be at the foote 
ofthe Rocke , where the fountaine ftands of the Cork 
tree. For that according to fame,and as they fay,he him- 
felfe affirmed, was the place wherein he viewed her firft, 
And he hath likewife conmmaunded _fuch other things to | 
be done,as the auncienter fort of the Village doc notal-}. 
low,nor thinke fit to be performed; for they feeme to be |. 


ceremonies ofthe Gentiles, To alt. which obiestiens his 
G 2 ~ great 


, 


The delightfull Hifforie ofthe  Panrtr. 


great friend Amsbrofio the Student, who likewite appar- 
celled himfelfe likea Sheepheard, at once with himan- 
(wers,thac all (hall be accomplifhed, without omiffion of 
any thing,as Ghrifostome hath ordayned , and all the Vil- 
lage is in an vprore about this affaire,and yet it is {aid that 
what Amérofio and all the other Sheepheards his friends 
doe pretend fhall in fine be done: and to motrow mer- 
ning they will come to the place I haue named,to burie 
him with preat pompe.And as I fuppofe it willbe a thing 
worthy the feeing : at leaftwife I willnot omit to go and 
behold it,although I were fure that I'could not returnthe 
fame day to the Village. We will all doe the fame, quoth 
the Goat-heards,and will draw lots who fhall tarry here 
to keepe all our Heards. Thou fayeft well Peter ,quoth 
one of them,although chat labour may be excufed; for] 
meane to ftay behinds foryou all 5. which you mut not 
attribute co any vertue,or litthe curtofity in me,but rather 
to the forke that pricke my foor the ather day, and makes 
me vnabletotrauel] fren) hence, We doe thanke thee 
notwithflanding , quoth Peter , for thy goodwill, And 
Don- Quixote who heard all theirdifcourfe, intrested Pe- 
ter to tell him who.that dead man was , and wh: the 
' Sheepheardeffe of whom they fpoke, . a 


_was,that the dead perfon wasa rich Gentleman of acer- 
taine Village, feated among thofe mountaines, who had 
(ludied many ycares in Salamanca, and after returned 
home to his houfe, with the opinionto be avery wife 
| aud Icarned man : but principally it was reported of him, 
| that he was skilfull in AQronomie,and all chat which paf- 
ted aboue in heaven, in the Sunneand the Moone sfor he 

would tell vs moft pundtually the clips of the Sunne and 

the Moone, Friend,quoth Dom. Quixote, thed 

of thefe two greater Laminaries is called an Ec 

_ [nota Chpfe :but Peter {tepping not at thofe tries, did 

profecute his Hiftory, faying , he did alfo Prognolticate 


aT eee When 
aaasaeaeeeneppenenennemeetnepanmendnasnenemennmeees meecaeneeemne ee 


arkening 


\ 


| Peter madeantwer , thar what he knew ofthe affaire 


lipfe y Rd 


we wa 


a nm aging 


le HF TANNOY 
—_ < ms E 
* Pa ie : 


Pagr.2. —§ wittie Knizht Don-Quixote. 


when the yeare would be abundant or Ef#:, Thou woul- 
deft fay Sterril,quoth Don- Quixote’ Sterril or EStil, {aid 
Peter,all is one for my purpofe: & I fay,that by his words, 
his father and his other friends , that paue credice to him 
became veryrich. For they did: all thar hee counfelled 
them,who would fay vnto them: fow Barley this yeare 
and no Wheate. In this you may fow Peafe and no Bar- 
ley. The next yeare willbe good for Oyle. The three 
enfuing you fhall not gather a drop. That {cience is called 
eA ffrolegie quoth Dox-Quixote, 1 know not how it is 
called, replicd Peter; but I know well, he knew allthis 
and much more. Finally, afew moneths after he came 
from Salamanca,he appeared one day apparrelled like a 
Sheepheard with his focke,and leather coat ;hauing lard 
afide the long habites that hee wore, being a {choller, 
and ioyntly with him came alfo a great friend of his, and 
fellow Student called Amsbrofio,apparrelied like a Sheep- 
heard. I did almoft forget to tell how Gri/offome the dead 
man wasa great maker of verfes ; infomuch that he made 
the Carrols of Chriftmas day atnight, and the playes for 
Corpus Chriffi day , which the youthes of our Village did 
reprefent,and all of themaffirmed, that they were moft 
excellent, When thofe of the Village faw the two {chol- 
lers {0 fuddenly‘clad like Sheepheards,they were amazed 
and could not gheffe the caufe that moued them to make 
(o wonderfull a change. Atidabout this time Grifofomes 
| facher died,and he remained pofleffed of a great deale of 
geods,as well moueable as immoucable ; and no little 
quantity ofcactell great and fmal; and alfo a great fumme 
of money 5 of all which the young man remained a diffo- 
lute Lord, And truely he deferued it all; for hee was a 
good fellow,and a charitable anda friend of good folke, 
and hehada face like a bleffing, Ircame at laft to be vn- 
derftood,that the caufe of changing his habite was none 
other,then forto goe vp and downe ys thefe de- 


Harts after the Pafforac Marcela,whomour Heard name | 
G 2 before ; 


> 


86 The delightfull Hiflorie of the Parr.2. 


2 pees oa, 


before,of whom the poore dead Grifoffome was becom 
enamoured. And I will tell you now,becaufe ic istit you 
fhould know it,what this wanton lafle is, perhaps, and I 
chink without perhaps you haue not heard the like thing 
in all the dayes of your I:fe, although you had hued more 
yeares then Sarna, Say Sarra,quoth Don- Quixote, being 
notableto heare him any longer to change one word 
for another. The Sarna or {cabbe,quoth Peter, lives long 
cnovghtoo. And tf you go this Sir,interrupting my tale 
at cuery pace, we fhall not be able tocnd it in a yeare, 
Pardon me friend quoth Dox- Quixote, for] fpcake to 
thee by reafon there was fuch difference betweene Sar- 
nasnd Sarra. Butthou didi anfwere well; for the Sar- 
na or {cabbe Jiues longer then Sarra, And therefore pro- 
fecute thy Hiftorie : for I will rot interrupt thee an 
more. I] {ay then deere Sir of my foule , quoththe Goar-. 
hcard,thac there.was in our Village a farmer that was yer 
| richerthen Grifostomes father, who wascalled Wilkam , 
to Whom fortune gate in the end of hisy great riches a 
daughter called Marcela,of whofe birth her mother di- 
ed. who was the belt woman that dwelled in all this cir- |: 
|.cuit. Me thinkes I-dac naw fee her quicke before me, | 
w th that face,which had onthe one fide the Sunne, and | 
enthe otherthe Moone ,and aboue all fhe was acthriftie | 
| Lourwife,and a ercat friendta the poore, For which J | 
belecue that bcriou'e is hiss very. houre cnioying of ., 
the Godgin the other world. For gricte of the laife of fo. | 
gooda wite her husband William lkewife dicd , Icauing 
his daughter CAfarcela young and rich in the cuflody of | 
| his Vncle,who wasa Pricit, and Curate of our Village, 
| The childe grew with fuch beauty , as it made vs remem: 
| ber that of her. mother, which was very great. And yet 
notwithftanding they iudged that the daughters would 
_ | furpaffe hers , as indced it did : for when ‘fhee arriued to 
the agc of fourteene or fifteene yeares olde, no man be- 


held her, that did nétblefle God for\makine her fo fa 


ire: 


and 


. 


| 


; Clofenefie: and yet nenertheleffe the fame of her ercat 


Part.2. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


and moft men remained enamoured and caft-away for 
herloue. Her Vncle kepther with very great care and 


beautie did {pread it (clfe in fuch fort,thac as well for it as 
tor her great riches,her Vicle was not onely requefted by 
thofe ef our Village, but alfo was prayed , follicited , and 
importuned by all thofe that dwelled many leagues a- 
bout,and that by the very beft of them, to giue her ro 
themin marriage, But he(who is a good Chriftian eue- 
ry inch of him)although he defired to marrie her prefent-. 
ly as foone as fhe was ofege , yet would hee not doe‘it 
without her good will; withuut ever refpecting the gaine . 
and profite he might make by the pofleffion of her goods, 
whilft he defired her marriape. And in good footh this. 
wis fpoken of,to the good Pricft his commendation , in 
more then one meeting ef the people of our Village. For 
I would haue you to wit, Sir errant,that in thefe little Vil- 
lages they talke of all things,and make account , as J doe, 
that the Prieft muft have been too good, who could ob- 
lige his Parifhioners to fpeake fo well of him,and efpeci. 
ally in che Villages:thou haf reafon,quoth Don- Dusxote, 
and therefore follow on, forthe Hiftory is ‘very pleafant ; 
and thou good Peter doft recount it with a very good 
grace. IprayGod, faid Peter, that I neuer want our 
Heards; for it is that which makes to the purpofe. And 
in the reft you thall vnderftand that although her’ Vocle 
propounded and told to his Niefe the quality of euery 
woer of the many that defired her for wife, and intreated 
herto marrie and chufe at her pleafure; yet would thee 
neuer an(wer other, but that fhe would not marry as 
then,and that in refpect of her ouer- creene years, fhe dic 
not finde her {elfe able enough yet to beare the burden of 
marriage. With thefe iuft excufes which thee feemedto 


| giue,her Vircleleft of importuning ofher, and did «xpe*t |. 


vntill fhe were farther entred into yeares ; and that iy 
might know how to chufe one that might like her. . 


Ete Se tee te 


@ 
The delightfull Hiftorie of the Pant. 


ee i, a ene eer ee 
he was wont to fay,and that very wel,7 bat Parents were 
not to place or bestow thes children where they kore no h- 
king. But fee here when wee leaft imagined 18} the coy 
(Marcela appeared one morning to become a PaStora: 
ad neyther her Vnele nor all thofe of the Village 
1 which diflwaded her from it could worke any effect, but 
fhe would needcs go¢e to the fieldes, and keepe her owne 
fheepe with the other young laffes of the towne. And fhe 
| comming thus in publike, when her beauty was feene 
| without hinderance,] cannot poffibly cell vnto you , how 
| many rich youthesas well Gentlemen as Farmers have 
taken on the array of Grefoftome, and follow woing of 
| her vp and downce thote fields. One of which, as is faid 
already,was our dead man,of whom it is faid,that leaning 
to loue her, he had qt Jaf made her his Idoll, Nor is iro 
be thought that becaufe (Marcela fet her felte in that li- 
ber.y,and {o loofea life , and of fo little or no. keeping , 
thac therefore fhe hath giuen the Ieait token or fhadow 
of difhonefty or negligence: nay rather fuch is the watch- 
fulnedte wherewithall thee lookesso her bonoat, that a- 
moug fo many.as ferue and follicite her, not one hath 
praifed orcansiuftly yaunt himfelfe. co have receiucd at 
her hands, the lealt hope that may be to‘obtaine his de- 
fires. For although the did nor flie or fhunne the.com- 
pany ard.conucrfation of Sheepheards,and doth vie them 
courgeoufly & triendlily,whenfoever anyane of them be- | 
| ein to difcouce their iacention be ig cuer fo iuft and holy, 
as is that of AZatrimony, {liz callsthem away from her, as 
| withafling, And withthis manner af proceeding thee 
; docs more harme in this countrey , then sfthe plague had 
enttedinto it by her meanes : for her aftobilicy and beau- 
ty doth draw to it the hearts of thofe which do f{erue and 
Joueher. Buther difdaine and refolution doe conduct 
them to termes of defperatien; and fo they know not | 
what to fay vatoher, buttocall her with aloude voyce 
crucll & vngratefull,with other titles like vntothis,which | 


doe !: 


Spee Me pee Pe mee yy es er ae ees 


a 


Pa R12. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


doe cleercly manifelt the nature of her condition. And 
Sit, #£ you ftaid here but a few daies, you fhould heare 
thefe snounraines refound with the lamentations of thofe 
wtetelveschat followher, There isa certaine place not 
fare off wherein areabout two douzens of Beech trees , 
and there is not any one of them in whofe rinde is not in- 
stauen Marcelas name, and over fome names erauen a!- 
(oa Crowne in the fame tree,as if her lover would plainly 
denote that Marcela beares it: away, anddcferucs the 
garland ofall humane beauty, Heere fighes ore Sheep- 
heard ; chereanother complaines, in another placeare 
heard amorous ditties, heere in another dolcfull and dif 
Paytine laments, Some onc there is that paffeth cuer all 
the whole houres of the night atthe foote of an Oake or 
4tocKe; and there without foulding once his weeping 
cyes , fwallowed and tranfported by his thoughts, the 
Sunne findes him there in the morming. Andfome other 
| Cre is,who without giving wade or truce to his fighes, 
doth amidf the feruor of the moll fallidious heate of the 
Sumnier, firetcht vpon the burning fand, breathe hic pit- 
CULL complaints to heaven :.and of this , and of him, and 
fthofe,and thefe, the beautifull CAfarcela doth indiffe- 
rently and quictly triumph ¢ all we that kirow her, doc a- 
Wait to fee wherein this her loftine{fe will finith , or who 
fhall be fo happy asto caine dominion ouer fo terrible a 
| condition, and enioy fo Peercleffe abeaury. And becaufe 
ralltthar Thaue recounted is fo notorious a truth,it makes 
Mc more eafily beleeue that our companion hath tolde, 
thatis faid-of the occafian of Grifeffomes deach : and 
therefore | doc counfell you Sir, that you doe not omit to 
| UC Prefent to morrow at his buriall, which will be worthy 
) che lecing, for Grifflome hach many friends, & theplace 
wherein hecemmaunded bimfelfe to bee buried-is noi 
haltealeaguefromhence. Idoemeane tobe there, faid | 
Don. Quxote,and doe render thee many thankes for the 


deboht thou haft giuen me,by the relation of fo| plealant 
| a| 


| The delightfull Hiftory ofthe Pant.2, 


aHiftory. O quoth the Goat-heard, I doe not yet know 
the halfe ofthe aduentures fucceeded to CMureelas lo- 
uers,but peraduenture we may meete fome Sheepheard 
on the way to morrow that will telltchem vnto vs. And 
for che prefent you willdo wellto goe take your reft vn- 
der fome roofe, for the ayre might hurt your wound,al- 

though the medicine be fuch that I haue applied toit,thae 
| any contrary accidents needes not much to bee feared. 
Sancho Panca being wholly out of patience with the 
Goat-heards long difcourfe , did follicite fer his part his 
Mafter fo effeCtually as he brought him at laft into Peters 
Cabin co take his rett for that night ; whereinto after he 
|} had entred,he beftowed the remnant of the night in re- 
membrances of his Lady Daleinea in imitation of ALar- 
celas\oucrs, Sancho Panca did lay himfelfe downe be- 
tweene ek faa and his Affe,and fleptit out, notlike a 
disfavored louer,but likea man ftamped and bruifed with 
tramplings. | 


Cuar: V. _ 


Wiereis is finifbed the History of the Paftora Marce - 
cela,with other accidents. | a 


2 VT {carce had the day begun te difco- 
fuer itfelfe by che Orientall windowes, 
<#° when fiue of the fixe Goat-heards ari- 
>) Fes fing, went to awake Don- Quixote , and |. 
c@ demanded of him whether he yet inten- 
dde to go to Grifeftomes buriall,and chat 
they would accompany him, Don- Qwsixote that defired 
nothing more,got vp and commaunded Sancho to faddle 
-and empannellin atrice; which he did with great expe- 
dition , and with the like they all prefently began their 
iourney.And they hadnotyengonea quarter ofa league, 
oe ee i te 7 "7 whens 


PaRt.2. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. OI 


when at the croffing ofa path-way they faw fixe Sheep- 
heards comming towards them, apparrelled with blackc 
skinnes,and crowned with Garlands of Cypreffe and bit- 
ter Ennla campana. Every one of them caried in his hand 
athicketruncheon of Elme. There came likewife with 
them two Gentlemen a horfe-backe, very well furnifhed 
forthe way, with other three Lackcyes that attended 
onthem. And as foone as they encountred , they faluted 
one another courteoufly , and demaunded whether they 
trauelled ; and knowing that they all went towards the 
place af the buriall they began their iourncy together, 
One of the horfe-men {peaking to his companion , faid,] 
thinke(M.Vswaldo) we fhal account the time wel im ploy. 
ed that we fhall flay to fee this fo famous an intertain- 
ment ; for it cannot chufe but be famous according to the 
wonderfull things thefe Shephers haue recounted vnto 
vs,as well of the dead Sheepheard , as alfo of the murthe- 
ring Pastora. It feemes fo tome likewife , sae Viual 
do And I fay I would not onely flay one day, bot a whole 
weeke ratherthen miffe to behold it. Dos. Qnixote de- 
maunded of them what they had heard of (Marcela and 
Chrifeftome? The traveller anfwered , that they had en- 
countred that morning with thofe Sheepheards,and that 
by reafon they had feene themapparrelled in that mourn. 
i fullactire,they demaunded of them the occafion thereot, 
and one of then rchearfed it, recounting the Arangeneffe 
and beauty of acertaine Paffora called Marcela ;and the 
amorous parfuits ofher by many, with the death of chat 
Chrifsfome,to whole buriall they rode, Finally, he telde |_ 
all tat apaine to him,that Perer had tolde the night be- 
fore, ~ 
This difcourfe thus ended, another began, and was,that 
he who was called Pimaldo, demaunded cf Don. Quixote 
the occafionthat moued hiartotrauell thus armed tho- 
rough fo peaceable acountrey ? To whom Don- Lnixate 


_anfwered,the profeffion of my exercife doth not licen{e | | 
oy | or { 


—_ 
ee 


<n 


ee ee 


‘ 
a oe re ee eee 
tea ene aetna... = 2 =O 


—aee 


a ene nea ey me Be 6 FES wy 


eee <iiee >, ae 
: 7 
; . 


| The deli ight full History of the PART.2. 


or permit me to doe other: good dayes, cockering and 
eafe were inuented for foft Courtiers ; but trauell,vnretft, 
and armes were only inuented and made for thofe which 
the world termes Knights errant, of which number I my 
(clfe (although vaworthy) am one , and the leaft of all. 


| Scarce had they heard him fay this, when they all helde 


him tobe wooed. And to finde out the truth better , Vs- 
ualdo did aske him againe, what meant the word Knights 
‘¢ errant ? Haue not you read then, quoth Don- Qwixete, 
°¢ che Hiltories and Annals of England, wherein are trea- 
“ced the famous actes of King efrtbar , whom we con- 
| © cinually call in our Caffilian Romance King eArtus? of 
¢¢ whom it isan auncient and commen tradition in the 
“‘Kinedome of Great Brittaize that hee neuer died , but 
<¢ that he was turned by art ofinchantment into a (rew, 
‘and that in proceffe of time he fhall returne againeto 


' |raigne,and recouer his Scepter and Kingdome. For 


*€ which reafon , it cannot be proued that euer fance that 
© time vntill this,any Englifhman hath killed a Crow, In 
*¢ this good Kings time was firflinftituced the famous or- 
“¢ der of Knighthood of the Knights of the Romd Ta. 
€¢ b/e,and the loue that is there recounted , did in euery 
* refpeét paflz as it is laid down betweene Sir Lanncelot 
* du Lake, and Queene Genexer the honourable Ladie 
“¢ Quintaniona being a dealer,and priuie thereto.Whence 
<* {pring that fo famousa dittie,and fo celebrated here in 
<* Spare of, Nener was Knight of Ladies (o well ferned as. 
€* Launcelotwhen that hein Britame arriued , Oc. With 
“that progreffe fo (weet and delightfull of his amorous 
“¢ and valiant ates : and from that time forward the or 
** der of Knight went from hand to hand, dilating and 
“¢ fpreading it felfe through many and fundry parts of the 
‘world :and in it were famous and renouned for their 
“< feats ofarmes,the valiant e4madss du Gaule , withall 
6¢his progenie voeill che fife generation : and tlic valo- 
“¢rous Felzxmarte of Hircania, & the neuer-ducly -pray- 


‘fed Tirante the white,cogether with Sir Bess of Hamp 
“ ton, Sit Guy of Warwicke , Sit Eglemore , with ders o- 
“ thers of thacnation and age, And almoftin cur dayes 
“© we {aw, and communed, & heard of the inuincible and 
‘valiant Knight Dos Bebanis of Greece. This then sood 
*¢ Sirs isto be a Knight errant,aad that winch I haue faid 
¢¢is the order of Chiualry: wherein ,:as ‘I -haue: already 
* fayd, lalthough a finner, haue made profeffion , and the 
‘fame doe I profeffe,that thofe Knights profefled, whom 
‘© T haue aboue mentioned; and therefore. I trauell tho- 
“© rough thefe folitudes and dctarts, feeking aduentures , 
*¢ with full refolurien to offer mine owne. arme and. pet- 
6¢ (on tothe moft dangcréus that forténe fhall prefent, in 


o 
*‘ che aide af weake and needy perfons: : : 


: By chefe.reafons of Dex-Oaixotes the travellers per- 
feétly perceimed that be was none of the wifeft, and:knew 
the kinde of folly wherewsthall he. wascroffed:; whereat 
thoferemaincd wonderfull} admired: that by the refari- 
on of the others came to ynderftand it;and Uswaldo who 
was very difcreete and likewife of a. pleafant difpofition, 
to. the end they:might pafle over the reft ofthe way-with: | 
our heaujues vato the packofthe bucial, which the Sheep- |’ 
heards {aid was neereat hand, hee.refolued to etuc hich 
further accafion te.pafle onward with his follies , & ther- |, 
‘fare faid-varo him: Me thinkes;Sir Knighe, chat you haue 
profef one of the moft aultere. profefhions in the world, 
And] doecanftantly hold char even that. ofthe (barter. |. 
“‘ honfe Monkesis. not neete.fo.fraight. It may bee as | 
“ ftratght as.car paofefhion, quoch .Dor-Oxixote, butthat |, 
it fhould befancceffaryfor the world, | am within the | 
“breadth of cwo fingers to call it in;doubr,. For if wee |: 
woud {peake atruch,the fouldier that purs in exccuti- |’ 
‘Con his Capraines commaund,idoch no leffe chen the ve- |. 
“ sy Capsaiterhaccommaudds. him, “Henee dinferre thar | 
| ‘teligious mea doe wichradll peace ahd qnietncile-fecke |, 
* of heatsen the good ofthe earth. ; But fouldicts ai = | 

es DIZHS |, 


Parr. wittie Knight Don-Quixote, | 9 a 


ceeds 


_ “fer much woe and miferie in the difcourfe of ‘their life. 
© And iffome.of them afcended aclaftto Empires, won 


partof theic fweate and bloud : and if thofe which 


| manifeft perill of loing their liues, they neuer in the in- 


| td Ged, as cuery ( brsfloes is bound to doc in like dan- 
_ gers,buc rather doe it to their Ladies with{o great defire 


The delichtfulltliftery ofthe Par : 2. 


“¢ Knightsdoe putin execution that which they demand, 
€¢ defending it with the valour of our armes , and files of 
‘¢ our {words : not ynder any roofe , but vnder the wide 
“¢ heauens,made as it were in Summer a marke to the in- 
*¢ fupportable Sunne beames , arid in Winter to the rage 
“¢ of withering frofts, So that wee are the minifters of 
“* God onearth, and the armes wherewith he execateth | 
“¢ here his iuftice. And as the affaires of warre and things ; 
¢¢ sherunto pertayning,cannot be put in execution with- ° 
S out {weate , labour and trauells icfollowes thatthofe | 
‘¢ which profeffe warfare take queftioulcfie greater paine 
“4 then thofe which im quiet péace and reft doe pray vnto 
“€ God, that he will fawour, and afift thofe that neede it, 
‘¢ J meane not therefore to afirme,nor doth it once paffe 
€ through my thought , that the ftate of a Knight crrant 
<< is.as. perfect as that of a retyred religiousman, but on- 
¢“-Jy-would inferrethraugh that which I thy felfe fuffer ; 
‘¢ that itis doubtlefly more laborious, more battered, | 
« hungty , thirlty ; miferable , torne andlowhie, For the 
“¢ Knights errant of times paft did without all doube fuf- 


“by theforce of their armes, in faith it coft them a great 


-mounted.o fo high a depree had wanted thofe inchan- 
* ters and. wifemen chat affifted them , they would haue | 
<¢ cemained much defrauded of their defires, and greatly | 
“‘.deceiued of their hopes. Iam of the fame opinion re- | 
plied the traueller: but one thing among many others } 
hath feemed co.me veryill in Knights erranc , whichis | 
when they perceiue themfelues in any occafton to begin | 
any great and dangerous aduenture: in which ‘appeares 


Rant of atcempring it,remomber to commend themfelues | 


and | 


Pan-t.2. wittie Kxight Don-Quixete. 


‘Cin mine opinion {melles of gentiliry, Sir, quoth Daw. 
© Oxixote, they cas doe no Jefle in. any wile, and che 
© Knighterrane which did any ether, would diercfle 
“much frombis duety. Fornow itis a recetued vie and 
“ cuftome of errant Chivalry , chatthe Knight adacn:u: 


“ rous,who attempting of any great fate. of armes fhall | 


“ haue his Lady-inplace,do mildely and amoroufly cumc 
“ his eyes towatds hes; as it were by them demaunding 
“thas fhe doc fauourand protect him in that ambiguous 
“ eragunee which he vndertakes 3. and: moreouer if none 
doe beare himhe is bound to fay certaime wordes be: 


‘Stweehehis-ceeth ; by. whiththe {hai with all his heart’ |: 
¢ cominend himfelfe ro her: add of this we hase innumez | 


“ rable examples in Hiftories. Nor is it therefore to be 
“ yndezfood that they do omit to commend themfelucs 
“*s0'God, fos they:-haue timeand Jeifure enough to doc 
“Fit,in che proprefle'of the worker 


|», For all thay,teplied the traneller , there remainés imme 
yet one feruple, whieh‘is hae oftentimes:as I hauercad, 
fome fpeech begins betuecene two Knights crrant, and 
frani.one:word to anethértheircholes begins’ to be ins. 


Adtmed,and the totenne thieis hoefes ,.-and to rakevp a |’ 


gaod piece dfithe fielde , and.without: any more adocto 
runneas faflascuer theycan drive: to indodnter apaines 
and in the midft af their race, doe commend themfclucs 
to.their danies,, and that which tommonly enfues: of this 
incountrinp is;th as othe of them fals downe throwneo- 
‘uct the crouper of his horfe , ps{t thorow and thorow by 
his enemies Launce,and it befals theother, that if he had 
inet caught fall ofhis horfe mane , he had likewife falne. 
‘Aod here I sannot perceae how he: that is flaine hadany 
Neifure so commend himfelfe vnto Ged in the difcoerfe of 
this fo. accelerate and hafty'a worke ? Me thinkes it were 


better chat thofe words which he fpent in-his race on lis’ 


Lady, were beftowed asthey oughr,and as-cuery Chri/ti- 


| 95 


+ and deuotion as if they were.their Gods 5 a thing which 


ee ER ee ee 
ars a. 


an | 


The. delight full Hiitory of the P-anr.2. 
an is bound to belftow them, And the rather, becaufe I 
coni¢Sture that al) Knights crrane haue not Ladies to 
whom. they may. commend. chemielues,for all ofthem are 
notamorous., . te SE kes tes 39 “4 Bs oP 
‘© That cannotbe anfweced Don- Quixote,] fay itcan- 
mot be tharthere’s any Kinig hic errant without a Lady; 
- € for ivis as proper.and effential to fuch.co be enamored, 
“as co. heauensto hane ftatres< and: Iudare warrant chat 
| < no Hiftonp hats yerbin feenc,whesin is found a Koivht 
“errant without loues:: for by thevery reafon that hee 
“Swere found without chem, he wold be conuineed to be 
“nb legitimate Knight,buc a-baflard, and:thattve entred 
*€ ints the Fortrefie of ( brmalri¢ ;. not by the gate, bur’ by’ 
‘€loaping ower the Stateadaltke atobber.andathiete. 
“Yee notwithftanding réplied the other,I haue read ( if f 
I-doe not forget my felfethat Doz Gataor,brother to the | 
( valorous ¢4 madss:duSisale had newer any certain May- | 
‘ Rreffe, to whom he might commend hirnfelfeyand yet fot 
‘allshac he was nothing lefle accounted of ,: and was a 
mofl valiant andfamous Knight, ‘To. that obie@tion our 
Doa- Quixote an{wered, one Swallow makes not a Sum- |: 
mer. ‘How-much more xhieti J: know, that: the Knight | 
‘whom you aléage,. wais fecretly very neuch enaasoured: |: 
befides shat,that his inclination of louing all Ladies well, 
which he ehonght were faire , weas dnaturail inclination, 
which he couldnot gonerne fo well, Buc ic-is in'conclu- 4) 
fion (uficiendy verified, that-yet he'had ope ‘Lady whom || 
‘ hecrowned-Queen of his wilh ta. whons he did alfocom- |: 
mend himfelte very often and fecretly, forheedid nota | 
little glory tobe fofecretin histoucs. © a 
_» Then Sir, ifit be. of the eflence ot all Knights erraatto 
be in lowe, quovh the trauellet , then mayiciikewife bee 
prefumed chat you aré alfo enamaured, feeing that isan-: 
next tothe profeffion? And if you doe not prize your. 
‘felfe to be as fecretas Dos Gataor,, doe intreate you as 
carnciily.as ] may, ivall this companies name and mine. |, 
owne. 


| 


CT EN ee, ee 


PaRtT.2. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


owne, that it will pleafe you to tell vs che name,countrey, 
quality and beauty of your Ladie ; for I am fure thee 
would account her {elfé happy co think thatall the world 
doth know thee is beloued and ferued by fo worthy a 
Knightas is your felfe. Here Dox-- Quixote breathing 


* forth a deepe figh, faid, Icanmot affirme whether my 


* fweete enemy delight or no, thatthe world know how 


“¢ much fhe is beloucd, or thar ferue her. Onely I'dare ; 


“* auouch ( an{wering tothat which you fo courteoufly 
“ demaunded) thather name is Dalcinea , her countrey 
“* T obef6,a Village of Mancha: her calling muft be at 
‘6 lealt of aPrinceffe, feeing fhe ss my Queen¢'and Lady, 
| her beaucyfouergipne sforin her are verified and giue 
«6 glorious luftre to all thofe impoffible and Chimerscall 
“¢ actributes of beauty, that Poets giue to their Mayftref- 
€¢ fess thac her hairés are coldé, herforehead the EJifian 
°¢ fields her brows-the Arkes of heauen, her eyes Sunnes, 
‘Sher cheekes Role¥;herps currall her teeth Pearles, her 
* neek Alablafler, her bofome Marble, Iuorie her hands, 
“and her whiteneffe Snow,and the parts which modefly 
“ conceales from humane fight, fuch ws I thinke and wn-= 
“‘derftand,thatthe difcreete confideration may prize, but 
¢ neuer be able to equalize them:her linage,progeny,and 
pedegree wee defire tokmow likewife, quothVrmaldo. 
“ To which Dos. Quixote anfwered fhe is not of the an- 
cient Romane Crrcios\Cayes, or Scipios , nor of the mo- 
“« derne Colomsnas or Virfinos , or-of the CMoncadas or 
“ Requefenes of Cxtalunia, and:much lefle of the Rebelias 
| “and Vsllenonas of Valencia, Palafixes, Nucas,Rocaber- 
“ $56, Conelias, eAAlagones, Urreas:, Foxes and Garreas of 
“< Aragen,Cerdas Manxiqnex Afendocas, and Guzmanes 
© of Csfile,L ancaftors, Palias ad Menefes of Portugal; 
“but fhe is of thofeof Tabof of the Mancha; alinage, 
“ which chough it be moderne is fuch as may giue age. 
* nerous beginning te the moft nobk families of entuing 


“Sages, And let none contradict nie inthis’, if it be not | 


with 


ee eee 


PO See SR ee GE eR Ts ee SUR arene ee La CT ee 


~ 


9 8 The delightfull Hiftorieof the Panr.2. | 


« with thofe conditions that Cerbino put at the foote of 
6© Orlandos armour,to Wit ! 
| Let none frows hence prefume thefe armes at all to mone, 

But be that with Orlando dares his force for to prome. 
Although my linage be of the (schopines of Laredo, re- 
plied the traueller, yet dare I not to compare it with thae 

1 of Tebofs in the Mancha,althou ghto fpeake fineerely, I } 

1 neuer heard any mention of that linage you fay yneill |. 
now. What,quoth Don- Quixote , is it poflible that you 
never heard of it til] now ? 

All che company trauelted, giuing marueflons atrenti- 
onto the reafons of thofe two 3 and euen the'very Goat- 
heards and Sheepeheards began to perceive the great 
want of iudgement that was in Dow Daixate » only San. 
cho Panca did verily belecue , that all his Matters wordes 
were molt true,as onc that knew what he was , from the 
very time of his birth, Bur that wherein his beleefe Aap. | 
gered fomewhae was of the beausifull Dakcinea of T obo - 
(6; for he had neues beard fpeake in his life before of fuch | 
a namc,or Princeffe, although bee had dwelled fo many | 
yearcshardbyTobefo. © 

And as they trauelled in thefe diteourfes , theybeheld 
difcending betwixt the clift of two boftie mountainesto | 
thenumber of twenty Sheepheards , all apparreiled in | 

| skinnes of blacke wooll, and crowned with. garlands ; |: 
| which as they perceiued afterward, wese all of Ewe and 
| -Ciprefle ; Gxe of them carried a Beane , cauered with ma- |; 
| ny forts of flowers and boughes. Which one of the Goar- |. 
| heards efpying , hee faid , chafe thar casne there are they |. 
which bring Grifoffams body, & the foot of chat mountain 
| isthe place wherehee hath cammaunaed hem to burie | 


( 


him, Thefe wordes were oc¢ afson to make them hafico | 
arrive in time swhich they did iuft aboue the inflant thet |. 
the othces had laid downe the corpes-ontbe ground: and |, 
foure of thea: with fharpe pickaxes diddigge tie: ofauc’ 

at the fide of ahard rocke, The ome and: che otlicrs {ala-' 


| ted | 
a ae a 


PART, 2. wittie Knizht Don-Quixote.: | 


ted themfclues very courteoufly and then Don- Purxote, 
and fuch as came with him, beganto behold the Beare, 
| wherein they faw laid a dead bedy all couered with flo- 


wers, and apparrelied like a Sheepheard of fome thirtic 
years old; and his dead countenance fhewed that he wa © 
very beautifull andan able bodied man. He had placeu 
round about him in the Beare certaine bookes,and many. 
papers,fome open and fome fhut,and altogether . as well: 
thofe chat beheld this as they which made the graue, and 
al che others that were prefent kept a maruellous filence, 
vntill one of them which had caried the dead man, faid to 
-another, See well Ambrofo, whether this be the place 
that Grifoftome faidjfeeing that thou wouldeft haue all fo 
pundtually obferued , which hee commaunded in his Te- 
Rament? This is it,anfwered Amsbrofie, for many times 
vofortunate friend recountedto me in it the Hiftory 
of his mithaps ¢ euen there he tolde me that he had feene. 
thaceruell enemy of mankinde firf ; and there it was, 
wher he firft broke his affeR&ion to as honeft as they were 
amorous :and there was the Jafi time , wherein ALarcela 
did end to refolue,and began to difdaine him, in fuch fore 
as the fet end to the Tragedie of his miferable life. And 
here in memory of fo many misfortunes he commaunded 
himfelfe to be committed to the bowels of eternall obli- 
uien,and conuerting himfelfeto Dox Duixote , and to 
the other trauellers he {aid : 1 his body Sirs which you do 
now behold with pitifull eyes, was che depoftory of a 
foule wherein heauen had hourded vp an tofinite part of 
histreafures, This is the body of Grifofome , who was 
peereleffe in wit ; withourtellow for'courtefie, rare for 
comlineffe,a Phanix for friendfhip , mapnificent without. 
| meafure, grave without prefumption , pleafant without 
offence ; and finally the firft in all chat which is good, and | 
fecond to norte in all ynfortynate mifchances. He loucd 
well, and was hated ; he adored and was difdaiued ;. hee 


prayed to one no leffe fauage then a beafts he importu 
. - PTs : ned 


6 ee ee So | yp en eee 


ee 


190 


.  &, 


The delightfull Hiftorie of the Parr: 


ned a heart as hard a Marble ; he purfued the winde » ue 
cried to defarts,. he ferued ingratitude ,.and he obtayned 


| for reward the {poyles of death in the midft of the Ca. 


riere of his life :.to which a Sheepheardefle hath ciuen: 
end whom he laboured to eternize, to the end fhe might 
cver live in the memories of men: as thofe papers which 
‘| you fee there might very well proue,had he not comman- 
‘| ded me fo facrifice them to the fire, as foone as his body 
‘| wastendred tothe earth. — | 

If you did fo quoth Vinaldo, you would vfe greater ri- 
gourand crucltie towards them then their very Lord, 
nor.is it difcreete or. jyMy donethat his.willbeeaccom- | ~ 
‘plifhed, who commards any thing repugaant to reafen. 
Nor fhould Augu/fus Cefar himfelfe haye gained the re- 
putation of wifedome, ifhe had permirted that to baput, 

dn execution which the: divine (Af astean pad by his wil 

.ordeined.$o. that Seignign qlmbne/fa,now that youcom 
mit your friends. body,to.ph¢ earth, do aot therforoonrh- 
‘mit his labour.to oblivion; for thoughyhee ordcined it as 
one initired, yet are nat you to agcomplif{] it, as. onevoid 
. ica Mogae aia caufe,byigiving lWe.to thefe Pr 
‘| pers, thatthe.cruclic of (arcelg may ling eternally {that}! 
‘itmay ferue as a documentto thole,that. fhall breathe in|’ 
infuing ages that how they may auoide and (hunne the | 
| 


like downclals:forboth my felfc and al]+hofs that come 

| here inmycompanic ,'‘docalecady: know-the Hitlariao 

| your enamoured and defpairing fricad-s the eccafion.of 
| his death, ard what he¢ommiaunded cate:heeadecealed. 
| Ont of which lamentable relation may be collected how | 
{ great hath beene the crudltie of ALarcels:the Jouroft 
| Grifoftorae, the faith of your affp Aion, and the conclufion | 
which.thofe,make,.which.doe rafhly runne throushthat: 
way, which indifcreetelouc docth prefentto their view. | 
Wee ynderflood yeernight.of Grifaformes-deathy-and | 
that he fhould be entred in this place, and chereforewee 


ornitred our intended iournycs both for ctirioftig and pi- 


~~ 


~- w- 


gi See | . ; tie, 


| ~Parr.2. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


tie,and refolued to come and behold with cur eyes, that, 
the relation wherof did fo much grieue vs in the hearing; 
and therefore we defire thee (difcreete Amsbrofo) both in 4 
ceward of this our compaffion, and alfo of the defire 
which fprings.in our brefts toremedie this difafter ifit 
were poffible; bur chiefly 1 for my part requeft thee, that 
omitting to burnc thefe Papers thou wiltlicence mee to 
take awayfome of them, And faying fo without cxpe- 
ting the Shepheards anfwere, he (tretched eut his hand 
and tooke (me of them that were nextto him. Which 
eAmbrofio perceiuing sfaid, 1 will confent Sir for courte- 
fies fake,that you remaine Lord ot thofe which you haue 
ceafed vpon ,but to imagine that J] would omit to burne 
thefe that ret, werea very vaine thought. Vima/de, who 
did long to fee what the papers contained which he had 
gotten,did vnfould prefently one of them, which had this 
title, A Detsy of defpaire. Ambrofio overheard himand 
faid ; that is the laf paper which this vnfortunate Sheep- 
heard wrote,and becaufe Sir that you may fee the termes 
to which his mifhaps conducted him: I pray you to reade 
it but in fuch manner as you may be heard ; for you fhall 
haue leifure eneughto doe it whilft the grave is adig- 
ging. I will doe it with all my heart, replied Vswaldo, and 
all thofe that were prefent,hauing the like defire 
to heare it,they gathered about him, 
and he reading it with a cleere 
voyce pronounced 
it thus : 


To) | 


QF rE ye ee en eee 


af 


102 The delight full Hiflorieofthe Parra. 


Cuape. VI. | 


wherein are rehearfed the d:{payring of Verfes of the | 
dead Sheepheard , withother unexpected accidents, 


The Canzone of Grifofome, 


Ge Ince crucll thou( I publifh)doft defire, 
LV) From tongue to tongue ,& th one toth'e- 
fe The efficacy of thy rigor fharp (ther pole 

sil le hell confiratm t afsift my foules defire, 
fy And in msy breft infufe atune of dole, 
W heron my voice,as it ts wont ‘may harp, 
And labour as I wifh,at once ta carpe, | 
And tell my forrowes and thy murdring deedes : 
The dreadfull voyce and.accent fhall agree, 
And with thems meete.for greater torture bee, 
— Lumpes of my wretched bomels,whech fill bleedes. 
Then Lften,and lend once attentive care, a 
_ Natwellcanfarted tores Gut howling P heave, 
That frons wy bitter bofonss depth takes fight : 
And by conftraynedrauing borne away, 
{nes forth for mine cafe and thy defpicht, 
T be Liousvagring andthe dread{nil howls : 
Ofranenmg Waife sand hifsing terrible 
Of {quamy Serpent : and the fearefull bleate. 
Of fome fad monster : of} foreteling fortes 
The Pies.crackling and rumor horrible 
Ofthe contending winde,as it doth beate - TO 
The Sea: and implacable bellowing yet 
Of vanguifht Bull : and of the-T-urs [p fole’ 
The feeling mourning andthe dol: full fong 
Of th ennious Owle,with the Ayre plaints AMONT 
Of allth infernal Squadron fullo dole, 
| SalseWwith my lamenting foule around, 


we 


ee 


7 eee Se 


— Ner thus difpaired world I tt allow, 


Panrr.2. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


Al mixed with fo firange unn{iall found, 
As allthe fen {es may confounded bee. 
For my fierce torments anew way exalt, 
Wherein | may recount wy mriferie. | 
The dolefullEcchoes of (0 great confufon, 
Shak not refound o're father Tagus fands, : 
Nor touch the Oline .watring Betis eares, 
Of my dyre pangs P'le onely make effusion 
Mong ft tho Ia feeb rockes , and hollow bottom lands, 
With mortified tongue, bus lining teares, | 
. Sometimes in hidden dales where nonght appeares, 
Or in unbannted plames free frome acec{fe: 
Or where the Sunne could ne're mtrude a beame, 
eAmidft the venemons crue of beafts uncleane, 
Whofe wants with bounty ,the free plaimesredreffe. 
For though among thofe vast and defart downes 
The bolow Eccho indiftinttly founds, 
Thy matches rigor,and my cruellpaine, 
Yet by the priniledge of my niggard fates, 
It walltheir force throng hone the world proclaime. 
cA difdaine kils ; and patience runs a ground, 
By a fu{picion eyther falfe or true : 
Bat iealonje with greater rigonr fleefe, : 
A prolixe abfence doth our life confound, ; 
eA gainft feare of cbliniontoinfue, ~ * 
Firmse hope of beft fucceffe, gines little eafe. 
Lnenitable death lurkes in allthefe. 
But [(,O vafeene miracle doe fiill line 
Tealous abfent,difdainde,and cert aine toe 
Of the fufpscions that my life undoo, 
Drownde in oblinion which my fire renines, 
Aid among fi all thofe pames I nener {cope 
Got to bebold the lbadsw once of bope : 


Bat caufe I may more aggrauate my moanes, 
7 0 liz cer withons it bere L-vowme': 5) ; 
Ha (an 


wae ~ owe ee 


= apo Somer Ry ~~~ e 


a ee * 


ld. 


| 


—— eee 


The aelightfull Hiftorie of the Part.2.\ 


5 Canhope and feare at once in one confift > 
Or és it reafon that it fhonld be fo ? 
Seeing the cawfe more certaine is of feare. 
If before me dyre Lealoufie exif? 
Shall [ deflect mine eyes 2 fince st willfhow 
It felfe by a thou!nd wounds tn my [cule there. 
Or who will not the gates unta dt[paire 
Wide open fet, after that he hath pide 
_Murdring difdaine? and noted each i:{picion, 
To feeming truthstransformde,O fowre conuerfion ! 
Whilft verity by faljhood is belide ?. | 
O Tyrant of Lones fate fierce sealonfie 
With cruell chaines,thefehands-tagether tie; 
VV ith ftubbarue cordscouple them rough difdaine, 
But wo is meweth bloudy vittory, 
Your memory ,ss by my fufferance flame, 
I die in fine,and canfe I le not expeth 
In death or life for the leaft good {uaceffe :. 
J obft:natewillreft in Fantafie. 
end fay he doth well that. does affcit. 
And eke the foule moft liberty poffeffe, 
That ts moft thrall to loues old T yrannie, 
And will af firmse mine ener enemie, 
-In ber faire [hrine,a fairer foulecontaines: 
Andher oblinion frem mp fauleto pring, 
And to excufe ber-wrengs-will wineffe bring, 
That lone by her peace bis fate muintaines, 
And with abardknot and this firange-opimon, 
Iwill accelerate the wretched amon, 
Towh:ch guided J am by her fecrnes rife. 
And offer ta the are bady and fonle; 
VV ithont hepe or reward of furure life. 
7 Theuthat by rnltiplying wron gs.doft fhow, 
The reafon forcing met afe vialence, 
Vntothes loath{eme life.growne to me bat efull, 
Since now by fignes notexious shou marfi know 


— AN 


: From 4: 
I en 


\O 


oo 


PAR‘T.2- wittie Knight Don-Quixote. | 105 


From my hearts deepeft wound; how willing ly [enfe 
Doth facrifice me to thy feormes ungrateful, 


. Lf my deferts bane feemde to thee fo bootefull, 


As thy faire eyes cleere heanen fooxid be orecaft, 
end clouded at my death : yet dee not fo, 
For I’ le norecompence take for the wee. ; 
By which, of my foules fpoyles poffeft thou waft. 
Bat rather laughing at my funerals fad, 
Shew how mme-end,begins to make thee glad, 
But tis afelly to adnife thee this, 
For I kx ew in my deaths acceleration 
Confifts thy glory,and thy chiefeft biiffe. 

Let Tantalus from the prefoundcst deepes, 


Come, for it is bigh time nomwith his thirft': 


eAndSilifus with brs opprefsing frone:. 

Let Ticius bring bis Ranen that nener fleepes, 

And Ix1on make no flay with wheele accrrf?, 

Nor the three fifters ener labouring on, 

Ad let them allat ance theirmortallmoane, 

Tranflate inte my breft and loucly found 

( [fit nsay be a debt due to di{paire) 

And channe fad ebfequiss with dolefull ayre, 

Ouer a Gorfe Aa ofthe ground. — 

end the threefac a infernall porter grimme, 

Wubiboufand Monfters.and Chymaras d.mme, 

Relfh the dolorows defcant out. amaze. 

For greater Pompethen this [ thinke not fit 

T bat any dying toner [boutd obtaine, 
Dofpayring Canzone dee not thou complasne, 

When thon my [ad focsety foal refraine : 

But rather fince the caufe whence thon didf? pring 

By my misfortune growes more fortunate, 


Enen inthe grane,thon muff [banne forrewing. 


 Grifoffomes Canzone liked wonderfully allthe hearers, 


dalthough the reader thereof ‘affirmed thar) jt was not 


con. 


— ae 


: LO a a a TI I er cea SSeS 


The delightfullEiHtory ofthe Panta, 


conformable to the relation that hee had received of 


Marcelas vertuc and care of her elte. Forin it Grifeffome 
did complaine of iealouftes, fufpicions and abfence,bcing 
all of chem things that did preiudice ALarcelas good 


fame. To this obicétion Amsbrofio an{wered (as one that | 
knew very well the matt hidden fecrets of his friend)you. 
muft vnderfland Sir, tothe cnd you may better fatisfie : 


your owne doubt,tbag when the vefortunate Sheepheard 
wrote that Canzone,he was abfent from A4arcela; from 
whofe prefence he had wittingly withdrawn himfelfe,to 
fee if he could deface fome part of his exceffiue paffions , 
procured by abfence. Andaseucry thing doth vexe an 
abfentlouer , and euery feare afflict him ; fo was Grifa 
ftome \ikewife tormented by imagined icaloufies,and fea- 
red fufpicions as much as if they.were reall.and true, And 
with this remaines the truth in her perfection and point 
of CMarcelas yertuc » who excepting that the is cruell, 
and fomewhat arrogant,and very difdainefull , very cnuy 
it felfe neyther ought nor can attaint her of the leat de- 
feét, You hauercafon , quoth Viwalds, and fo defiring 
to reade another paper,bee was interrupted by a maruel- 
lous vifion (for fuch it feemed) that vnexpectedly oftered 
it felfeto thcit view. Which was, that onthe top of the 
rocke wherein they made the graue,appeared the Sheep- 


heardefle Marcela, fo faire, that her beauty (urpafied | 


farre the fame that was fpread thereof; fuch as had not 
beheld her before, did looke on her then with admiration 
and filence: and thofe which were wont to vicw herre- 
mained no Icfle fufpended then the others , which neuer 


hadfeencher. But fcarce had eAmbrofio eyed her,when | 
with an irefull & difdayning minde,he fpake thefe words; } 


Com'ft thou by chance,O herce Bafiliske of thefe moun- 


taines, to fee whether the wounds of this wretch will yet | 
bleed at thy prefence? Or doftthou come to infult and |: 
vaunt inthe Tragicall feats of chy flerne nature ?Or to |: 
behold from that height, like another merciles Vere, the | 


ee 
' i 


—. 


PaRr.2. wittie Knight Don-Quixete. 


hre ofinflamed Rome? Or arrovantly to tramole this in- 
fortunate Carkaffe,as the ingratefull daughter did her fa- 
ther Targuiies ? Tell vs quickly , why thou commeft, or 
what thou doft moft defire: for feeing I know that Gri- 
(oStomes choughts never difobeyed thee in life, I will hke- 


‘| wife eaufe thar all thofe his friends fhall ferue and reue- 


rence thee. 
** JT come not here good Ambro/fie,to any of thofe ends |. 
“ chon fayefl, quoth (Marcela, but oncly to turne for 
‘€ tnine honour, and gine the werld to woderftand haw 


| © Jittle reafon haue all thofe which make me the authour 


‘¢ eyther of their owne paines or of Grifoffomes death; 
‘6 and thetefore I defire all you that bee here prefent, to 
*< lend attention: vito me; for I meane not tofpend much | 
“ time,or words to perfwade to the difcreete, fo manifcl 
“© a cruth. Heawen as you fay, hath made me beautifull, & 
“€ hat fo much that my feature moyes you to louc,almoft 


} © whether you will or no. And for the affection you thew 
 vnto me.you fay,] and you affirme that I ought to loue 


“you againe: I’ knowe by she naturall infin that 
<¢ Fone hath beftoveed on me thaceach faire thing is ami- 
‘€ able, but Icannotconceiue, why forthe reafon of be- 
*< ing beloved, che partie thar is fo beloved for her beau- 
<¢ tie, fhould be bound to lou ber louer’, although he be 
' € foule. And feeing that foole things are worthy ofhate, 
<< itis 9 bad argument to fay I loue thee becaufe faire; 
*- cherefore thou muft affe& me, altheueh vacomely, But 
““feethecafethar che beaaties occurre equall on both 
“ fides it followes not therefore thattheir defires fhou'd 
‘“rumne one way, Forall beauties doc not ehamour, for 
“' fome due oncly delight the fight , and fubic& nor the 
“wall; for if all beauties did enamour and fubiedt toge- 
“ther, mens wils would ever runne confufed and ftay- 


 iag, without being able to make any elcetion ; for th: 
‘* beaucfull fubiects being infinite, the defires mult alfo | 
“© perforce be infinice: and-as E-haue ‘heard true-louc 


brookes 


— tm... ee bad 


them: 
NE 


108 The delightfullHiSloryofthe Pant.2. 


| §* without my demaunding or ele@ting it. And cuen as 


| % aduenture the loffe thereof, to anfwere his intention 


¢ brookes no diuifion,aad mull needes be voiuntary,aad 

*notenforced. Which being fo, as I prefume itis , why 
‘© would you haue me fubiedt my will forcibly, without a- 
‘¢ ny other obligatior then that, that you fay you loue: 
<¢ me? Ifnot,tell me, ifheauen had made me toule, as it’ 
“ hath made me beautifull, could J iuflly complaine of 
« you becaufe you affe&ed mee not ? How muchmore, 
“feeing you ought to confider, chat I did not chufe the 
“+ beauty I haue,for fuch as itis, heauen beftow it gratis , 


“© che Viper deferues no blame for the poyfon the caries, 
“ alchough therewithall thee kill,{ceing it was beftowed 
< on her by nature, fodoe I aslittle meriteto be repre-. 
“hended becaufe beautifull ; for beautie in an honeft 
“ woman is like fire a farre off, or a fharpe edged {word , 
“ for neyther that burnes nor this cutces any but fuch as 
“* comme neere them. Honour and vertues arethe orna- 
“¢ ments of the foule , without which , the faireft body is 

“nottobe efteemedfuch, And if that honefty be one ot 
* the vertues that adorneth and beautifies moft the body 
*¢ and foule,why fhould fhe that is beloucd becaufe faire, 


“ which onely for his pleafures fake labours that fhe may 
*Jofe it with all his force and induftry ? I was borne free, 
© and becaufe I might liue freely, I made eleétion of the 
** folicude of the fields. The trees of thefe mountains are 
“* my companions, the cleere water of thefe freames my 
*‘mitrours. With the trees and waters I communicate 
** my thoughts and beauty, I ama parted fire,and a{word 
“laid aloofe. Thofe whom Ihave enamoured with niy 
* fight, I haue vndeceiued with my wordes; And if de- 
“ fires be fuftained by hopes, Ineuer having piuen anyto 
“€ Grifoffome or to any other,it may well be {aid thathee 
“was rather flaine by his owne obftinacy, then bymy 
“ cruelty :and if be charged that his choughts were ho- | 
“ neft,and that I was therefore obliged co anfwere ynto 


PARTY.2. wittie Knight Don- Quixote, ICQ 
1 ¢¢ chem, I fay chat when in that very place where you 
'} £ make his Sepulchre he firft broke his minde vnto mee, 
J © Trold him chat mine intention was to live in perpetual! 
“ folitude, and that onely the earth fhould vather the 
“¢ fruits of my folitarineffe,and the {poyles of my beauty ;- 
*Candifhee would after this my refolution perfilt obfii- 
‘| flinately without all hope, and faile againi? the winde, ) 
‘© what wonder 1s it that he fhoukd bee drowned in the : 
'| © midft of the gulfe of his rafhneffe ? If I had intertained 
¢¢ him,then were I falfe : if] had pleafed him,thea fhould 
| £61 dae againft my better purpofcs and proie@s. He Airi- 
Sued being perfwaded to a ala? : he difpaired e’re 
| £4 he was hated. See thei if it be ‘reaformthat I beare the 
6¢ Blame of historment ? Let him complaine who hath 
¢¢ beene deceived ; let him difpaireto whom his promi- 
4 £¢fed hopes hawe failed :let Hit confeffe it whom I fall 
.) $£ cues call’; let hin vaune whor’ T'fhalladmic. Bur lee 
‘him not call me cruélFot'an homicide, whom I never 
iJ €¢ promifed,decciued , called or admitted. Heauenhath 
noryet ordained that! ould loue by deftiny, and to 
& chi ake:than] Will doe te ty: election may be excufed. 
£§ And loochis:penerail cauleat ffue-chery ore of thofe 
* which follicite me for his pafticular bencfice: and lec it 
“ be-knownethat ifanyfhall hereafter dic for my Idue , 
! ¢ chat he dics gor iealous or ynfortunate : for whofoe- 
+ nee lowesmot any, breddes nox #1 reafon-icaloufie in 2: 
1 “ny, norfhould any refoluciotste any be accounted dif. 
; daynings. Hethat caltes nte-a fauage and Bafiliske, let 
| “him ghunneme asa‘hurtfull and -preiudiciall thing she 
*< chat calsmme vad ratefull,tet Aim not ferue-me : he that’s 
‘€ frangestethim nor know the : hechat’s ctuell, let him 
* notfollow me : for uiis fauage, this Bafitiske , this in- 
* oratethis truclh arid ftrange-oné, willneither fecke, 
1 © seruekrow-or porfue any of ther, For if Grs/2fomes | 
| idaiichosand headlong defireflew- hin) why fhotld ' 
“ miue honeft proceeding and cate bee inculped there; | 


with ete 


Si cA ia, °c ise 


“© wichal?if | preferue mine integrity in the fociety ofthefe 
“trecs why would any deftre me to fofe it , feeing euery. 


cer among men? I haue,as you all know,riches enough 
“ of mine own,and therfore doc not coucc other mens, | 

‘“haucafreecondition, andI doe notpleafe to fubie&} 
“me, Neyther doe] loue or hate any, I denot deceiue: 
° chis man or folicite that other; nor doe I jefl with one, 
$¢ and paffe the time with another. The honeft conuer- 

« fation of the Pastoras of thefe Villages,and the care of 
“¢ myGoats doe intertaine me. My defires are limited: 
| © by thefe mountaines , and ifthey doe iflue from henct, i 


¢¢ withal the foule trauels towards her firft dwelling. And | 
ending here, without defiring to heare any anfwer , fhee 
turned her backe and entsed into the thickeft part of the. 
wood, that was there at hand, leauing all shale that were 
prefently maruelloufly admired at her beauty and difcre-' 
tion. : 

Some of the Sheepheards prefent that were wounded 
by the powerfull beames of her beautiful eyes, made prof- 
fer to purfue her, without reaping any profite out of her 
manifeft refolution made there in. their hearing ; which 
Don- Quixote noring , and thinking that the vie of this 
Chiualry did iump firly with that occafion, by fuccouring 
difireffed damzels; laying hand on the pommell of his 
‘* fword, he faid in loude and iatelligible words: Letno 
“ perfon of whatfocuer flate or condition he be, prefuume 


‘© Grifoftomes death , and how far fhe lines from meaning 
*€ cq condifcend to the defires of any of her louers; for 
‘¢ whichresped itis iuft that in flead of being purfued 
“¢ and perfecuted, fhe be honored and efteemed by all the 
‘€ pood menof the world 5 for fhe fhowes in it, thac itis 


oncly 


~The dighfulifniedfibe Parva 


“¢ one coucts to haue thelike himfe!f,ro conuerfe the. bet- |. 


“¢ it is to contemplate the beauty of Heauen, eps where- | - 


“* to follow the faire (Marcela,vnder paine of falling in- ; 
“© to iy furious sey seat She hath fhowne by cleere | 
‘€ and fufficient reafons, the little or no fault fhe had in ’ 


Paxr.2. wittie Knight Don-Quixote, 


*6 onely the alone, that lives therein with honeft intenti- 
“on. Now whetherit was through Dos- Oxivetesme- 
naecs , or whether becaufe Ambrofre requefted tim to 
conclude with the obligation they ought to their sood 
friend; none ef the Sheepheards moued or departed from 
thence yneill che graue being made , and Grifoftomes pa- 
pers burned, shey faid the bedy into ic , with many teares 
of thebeholders, They fhiut‘the Septichre with a great 
fone, vntili a monument were wrought, which Awébrofie 
faid he went to haue made,with an Epitaph to this fenfe. 


are of 

= | Lere of atoning Swaine 

pets The Frozen Carkaffe lies : 

And Whowas a Heard likewife, 

- h And died through difdaine. | 

Ai Sterne vigour bath him {lai 

f the | Se 

Of 4 coy, faire,ingrate, 

( : By whome lone doth dilate 
oS Her Tyrannie amaine. 


ND 


= Re ey eee —— 


- They prefently Rrowed on the grauc many flowers 
in and boughes , and euery one condoling a while with his 
7 ‘ | friend Amsbrefo, did afterward bid him farewell and de- | 
: 


parted, The like did Uinaldo and his companion : and | 


f rhe Deon- Quixote bidding hishofte and the trauellers adicu, 
ursog they requefted-himro come with them to Siaif, becaufe |; 


it was a place fo fit,for the finding of aducmtures, asin e- |: 


t n0 } ucry Areete and corner of it,are offered more then in any |. 
we other place whstfoeuer. Diow- Quixote rendred them | 
5 é thankes for theiraduice, and the good will they {cemed |: 
ee 


‘to hauesto gratifte hinr, and fart, he neyther ought, nor |. 
would goe to Simill, vutill hee had freed all thofe moun- | 
taines of theeues and rcbbers , whereof as fame ranne, |} 
they were full. The trauellers percciuing his good inten- |, 
“on, would not importune hi more, but bidding him a- | 
gaine farewell, they departed,and followed on their iour - 


Tiere 


‘ 
~—— eles a ee 


2 The delightful Hiforie ofthe Pant. | ny 


ney: In which they wanted not matter of difcourtfe, as 
wellofthe Hiftory of (Marcela and Grifoffomse,as of che 
follies of Don- Quixote; who determined to goe in the 
fearch of the PasStora ALarcela,and offer vnto her all that 
he wasable co doe in her feruice. But it befell him 
not as he thought,as fhall be rehearfed in the 
difcourfe of this true Hiftorie , iuing 
end heere to the easel 
PaR tT. 


THE 


Panr.3. | wéttie Knight Don- Quixote. 


\ 
(¢ 


THE DELIGHTFVLL 
HISTORY OF THE WIT- © 


TY KNIGHT Dow-Qvixors 
of the MAALCH A. 


THE THIRD P ART- 


ooo, | CHAP. TL : | 
wherein is rchearfed the unfortunate aduenture hap- 
ped te Don-Quixote, by escoumtring with cer- 

taine Yanguefian Carrsers. . 


1 HE wile Cid Hamete Venengeli re- 
‘Gpir| counteth that as foone as Don-Quix- 
 \Ga) ote had taken leaue of the Goat- 


° e . d 
i ' eo enter with great feruour an¢ 
which did chen beginne to enter with B ie 


ot ee ore 


114, 


~~ oe 
AONB Ree -el  —— ee 


i 
vehemencie. Done Quixote and Sanckoalighted,and lea- 


The delightfull Hiflorieofzhe .Panz.2. | 


ving the Affe and Rezssante to the fpacioufnefle of thefe 
plaines,to feede on the plenty of prafle that was there, 
they ranfackt their Wallet,where without any ceremony 
the mafter and man did eate, with good accord and fel- 
lowfhip, what they found therein. Sancho had ig yee 
to tic Rozsmante lie , that hee knew himto be fofober 
and little wanton,as all the Mares of the Stood of ¢ ordo- 
wa could not make him to think the leat finifler thoughr., |. 
But fortune did ordaine,or rather the Diuell who fleepes 
nerat all houres,that a troupe of Galsciaw Mares belon- 
ging to certaine Yanguefian Carriers, did feede vp and 
downce in the fame valley : which Carriers are wont with 
their beafts to paffe ouer the heats in places fituated neere 
ynto graffe and water. And that wherein Dow- Onixore 
hapned to be,was very fic fos their purpofe. It therefore 
befell chat Rozinante tookea certaine defire to follace | 
himfelfe with the Ladie Mares,and therefore as foorie as 
he had {melt them, abandoning his naturall pace and cu- 
flome, without taking leaue of his Mafter, he began a litle 
{wift trot, and went to communicate his necefhities to | — 
thern. Buc they, who as it Seemed, had mtoredefire to feed 
then tofollace them, entertained him ‘with their beeles 
and teeth in fuch fort,as they broke all his gyrts, aad left 
him in his naked haire , having ouerthnowne the Saddle, 
But that which furely grieued him maf was: that the, 
Carriers percciuing the violence that was offered by hire, 
to their Mares, repaived prefently co their foccours , with 
clubs and trunchions , and did fo belabour him, as they 
fairely laid him along, Now in this feafon Don- Dmixote 
and Sazche(which beheld the bombafting of Roxzinante) 
approached breathlefle, and Don- Duixete faid to San. 
che; for as much as I can perceiue ftiend Sancho, 


{ thefe.men are no Knights, but bafe rafcally people of vile 


quality :1fay it, becaufe thou mayeft helpe me totake 
due reuenge , for the outrage which they haue donc be- 
an fore. 


| 


en 
PART.2- 5. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


ee a 


fore our face to Roxixante,Whata diuell ,quoth Sancho, 
what reuenge fhouldwe take,if thefe be more then twen- 


: tie,and we but two; and peraduenture but one & a halfe. 


am wortha hundred,replied Don- Quxore,and without 
making any longer difcourfe, hee fet hand to bis (word, 
and flew vpon the Tangaefians » and Sancho Pancamoo- 
ued by his Lords example did the like ; when with the 
Gir blow Dan. Quixote piercing a buffe coate that one of 
them wore, wounded him rieHoufly in the fhowlder. 
The Yanguefians fecing them clues fo rudely handled by 
cwo men onely,they being fo many, ran to the ftakes and 
crurfchions oftheir carriage,and hemming in their aduer- 
Caries in the midft of them , they laid on chem with ad mi- 
rable fpeede and yehemencie. True it is that at the fecond 
peale they ftrucke Sancho downe to the ground ,and the 
like hapned to Don- Lnixete , his dexterity and courage 
being’ nothing auailablein chattraunce: and his fate fo 
ordayning he an uftat his courfers feetc, who had not 
yet gotten vp : by which we may ponder the fury where- 
withall trunchions batter, being placed in wrathfull and 
rufticallfifis, The Carriers perceiuing the euill they had 
committed , truffing vp their loading with allpoffible 
{peede, followed on theit way, leaving both the aduentu- 
rersinabad fafhion , anda worfe talent. The firft chat 
came to himfelfe was Sancho Panca,who feeing his Lord 
necre vnto him, faid with a weake and pitifull voyce, Sir 
Don- Quixote! O Sir Don- Duixote! What wouldefi thou 
haue bretherS anche,xeplied the Knight with the hike ef- 
feminate and dolefull rune ? J would, quothS anchohauc 
of your worfhip , a draught or two ofthe liquor of Feo- 
bls if you haue any of it athand, perhaps it is good to 
cure broken bones, as wellasit helpes wounds. What 
would we want vnhappy that I am,rep'ied Don- Quixote, 
[had it here, bus M{weare vnto thee Sancho Panca , by 
the faith ofa Knight errant, that before two daies pafie 
(if fortune difpofe not otherwife) I will havc it in. my PES 


| 


I 2 oh see 


. 
SES ET 


ere pee ree en A NL OT Ae OE bn 


ee 


\ 


Weg 


‘ jpn eses 
a oon. 8 on 
t 


————— 
Se Scie on oe ee 


— 


: en ee ene 
ee ae settle ae mn 


i -em -= 


116 


-fhould be giuen vnto mee , in paine of tran 


| and that fromthis time forward I de vardon before-Ged | 


The delightful Hiftorie of the Par T.3s 


wer, or it fall hardly efcape my hands, I pray yeu,queth 
Sancho, within how many dayes thinke you , fhall we be 
able co ftir our feete? ¥ can fay of my felfe , quoth the 
cruflicd Knight, that I cannot feta certaine terme tothe 
dayes of ourrccouery , butl am in the faule of all, for J 
fhould not haue drawne my {word againft men that are 
not Knights,as well as Ian, and therefore I beleeue that 
the God of battels hath permitted that this seers 

ureffing the 
lawes of Knighthood. Wiverefore brother Sancho, itis 


requifite that thou beeft aduertifed of that which I fhall 


fay vnto thee now , forit importeth both our goods very | - 


much, and is, that when thou beholdeft that the dike ral 
cally Kenell doe vs any wrong,do not waictill F fet band | 
to my (word egain(tthem ; for I will not doe it in any | 
fort. But draw thou thine .andchaflife themat thy plea 

(ure: and ifany Koights flsall com: to their affitance and 


| fuccour,] thal know then how to defend thee,and offend 


them with all my force ; forthou haft by this percciued 
by.athoufand fignes and experiences,how farre the valor 
ofthis mineinuinciblearme extendeth it feke (fo arre-. 
gant reanained the poore Knight, throughithe victory he : 


had porten of the hardy Bifowsme,) But this aduice of his | 


Lord feemed not fo yoodto Saxcho Paxca, asthathec | 
wotild omic te anfwerynto him, fying Sir, Tana peace-y 
able, quiet,and febcr man , and can diflenible any ivitric, | 
for I haue wife and children to maintaine and bring Vp: 
wherefore let this likewife bean aduice ro. ycu-( fecing it 
cannotbe acommandement ) that J will nor fet bard to 
my fwordinany wife, be ir againft Clowne, er Kiright ; 


all the wrongsthattbey haue dare, or fhell doe vnto 
me, Whether they were , be, or fhall be done by high or 
low perfon,rich or poore, Gentleman or Churic, without 


excepting any flate or condition, Which being heard'by 


his Lord., hee faid 3 Icould with tohauc.breath cuough, 


th 
ae a Sy ey SAA NEP SSeNUSSoeegpynes— neon —— 


ae 
ue 


ee a 


P ABT. 26 wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


a ea 
that I might anfwere thee with a little more cafe, or that 


the eriefe which I feelein this mbbe were affwaged c- 
ver {fo little , that Imight Parca make thee ynderftand 
the errour wherein thou art. Come here poore foole, if 
the gale of Fortune hitherto fo contrarie,doe turne in our 
fauour {welling the fayles of our defire in fach fort as we 
may fecurely and without any hinderance arrive at the 
Hauen of any of thofe Ilands, which I haue promifed va- 
cothee what would become of thee , if I conquering it 


did make thee Lord thereof, {eeing thou wouldeft difable | 


chy felfe in refpe& thou artnot 4 Knight , nor defireft to 
be one, nor wouldft haue valour of willto renenge thine 
niuries, or to defend thy Lordthips ? For thou muft vn- 
derftand that in the Kingdomes and Prouinces newly 
conquered, the minds of the inhabitants are neuer fo 
thoroughly appealed or wedded to the affe dionof their 
sew Lord, thacitisnot to be feared,that they wil werke 
fome noueltic to alter things againe , and turne 2s men 
fay afreth to trie fortune. it is therefore requifite 
that the new poffeffour haue ynderflanding to gouerne, 
and valour to offend and-defend himfelfe in any sduen- 
cure what(ocuer. In this laft that hath befallen vs quoth 
Sancho, 1 would I had had that ynderftanding and valour 
of which you {peake ; but] vow vnto you by the faith of 
apoore. matt, that Lam now fitter for pleifters then dif- 
courfes, -I’pray you trie whether you can arife, and wee 
will helpe Rezinante, although he deferues it not, for he 
was the principall caufe of all thefe troubles; I would ne- 
uer have beleeued the like before of Roasmante, whom I 
euerheld to bee aschalte ahd peaceable a perfon as my 
felfe, In fine , they fay well, thatone muft haue a long 
cine to come to the knowledge ofbodies} and that thers 
nothing inthis life fecure. Who durft affirme that after 
thofe mightie blowes which you gauc ve that ynfortunatc 


Knivhe Errant, would fucceede {0 in pefte, 7 as it were | 


fliaues, that 


in your purfnite this fo furious:a. tempeft.o 
I 3 at 


117 


us The delightfull Hiftorie of the Pant2. 
er a a eel ee et carer a 
hath difcharged it {clfe on our fhoulders? Thine Sanche 
replied Dex-Quixote are perhaps accuflomed to beare 
che like fhowers , but mine nurfed betweene * Cottons 
and Hollands , itis moft cuident that they mufi feelethe 
riefe of this difprace. And wereitnot that I imagine, 
but why doe I fay imagine? ) I know certainely that 
all thefe incommodities are annext to the exercife of 
armes,1 would here die for very wrath and difpleafure.To 
this the Squire anfwered,Sir,feeing thefe difgraces are of 
the * eflence of Knighthood, ] pray you whether they fuc- 
ceede very often,or whether they have certaine times li- 
mited wherein they befall. For mee thinkes that with- 
in two aduentures more, we fhall wholly remaine difina - 
bled forthe third, ifthe Gods inmercy doe not fuccour 
vs. Know friend Sancho , replied Dow- Quixote ,that the 
life of Knights errantis fubieét toa thoufand dangersand 
misfortunes ; and itis alfo as well inthe next degree and 
power to make them Kings and Emperours, as experi- 
ence hath fhowne in fundry Knights,ef whofe Hiftories I | 
haue intire notice. AndI, could reconat yntothee now, 
(did the paine I fuffer permit me) of fome ofthem which 
haue mounted to thefe high degrees whieh I hate faid, 
onely by the valour of their arme. And the very fame 
men found them both befose and after in ditters miferies 
and calamities, For the valorous. Amadis. ef Ganle law 
himfelfe in the power of his mortal enemy -Arcalane the 
inchanter,of whom the opinion runnes infallible, that he 
gaue vnto him being his prifoner , more then two hun- | 
dred ftripes with his horfe bridle, after he had tied him to | 
apiller in his bafe-court. And there is moreouera fecret | 
Authour ofno little credite , who fayes thatthe Cenahier 
del Febo, being takenina ginne like vntoa {natch that | 
flipe vnder his feet,in a cestame Caftell, after the fall found 
himfelfe in adeep dungeon vnder the earth bound hands 
and feete ; and there they gaue vate hima plilter offnow | 
water and fand, which breught him almoft to she end hes 
‘ : ‘ 1S ; 


* Sinabafes. 


1 * cofecke. 


PaRr.2. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. } Wg 


his life, and were it not that hee was fuccoured in that 
great diftreffe,by a wife man his very great friend , it had 
goneill with the poore Knight. So that I may very well 
pafle among fo many worthy perfons: for the dangers 
and difgraces they fuffred were greater then thofe which 
we doenow indure. For Sancho I would haue thee to 
vnderftand , that thefe wounds whichare giuen toone 
{ with chofe inflruments that are in ones hand by chaunce, 
doe not difgrace aman; and ic is written in the lawes of 
le combat in expreffe termes , that if the Shoe-maker 
Qrike another with the Laft which hee hath in his hand. 
althoughit be certainly ef wood, yet cannot it be faid, 
that he who was firiken got the Baflanado. I fay thisto 
the end chow maift not thinke, although we remain brui- 
fed in this laficonfli&, that therefore we be difgraced ; 
for thearmes which thofe menbore , and wherewithall 
they belaboured vs ,: were none other then their packe 
flaues, & as farre as I can remember , ‘neuer a one of them 
had atucke, (word,or dagger. They gaue mee no Ieifure, 
anfwered Sancho, to looke to them fo neerely, for fcarce 
had 1 hide hand on my Trunchent , when they blift my 
fhoulders with their Pines , in firch fort as they wholly 
depritted me of my fight, and the force of my feete toge- 
cher , firiking mee downe on the place where I yet lic 
fraught, and where the paine of the difgrace receiued by 
our Cudeelling , doeth not fo much pinch me, asthe 
griefe ofthe blowes, which thall remaine as deepely im- 
printed in my memorie as they doc in thy backe, For all 
} chis thou fhalt vnderftand brother Panca , replied Don- 
Quixote, that there is no remembrance , which time will 
not end, nor griefe which death willnot confume. Whar 
| greater misfortune queth Sancho can therebe then that, 
which onely expecteth time and death to end and con- 
fue it? If this our difgrace were of that kind . Which 
might bee cured by a payre or two of playfters, Ft woul (¢ 
not be fo euill; but I bepin to perceive, that all the falues 


The delightful Hiftorieof the Panrr2. 
Re ie NS es ee ne 
of an Hofpitall will not fuffiee to.brin g then) to any goed 


termes. Leaue off Sawcho., and gather frength out of 
weakenefle,faid Daw- Quixote for fo will Mikewife doe, 
1 and let vs fee how doth Rozinante; for me thinks that the 
- | left pare of this mifhap hath noc falne to his Int: you ought 
notto maruell at that,quoth Sancho, fecing he islikewife 
| aKnight errant; chac whereat I wonder, is chatmine Affe 
remaines there without payment, where weease come 
away without ribbes. Fortune leaues alwayes.one doore |. 
open in ea ee Don- Quixote , whereby to remee 
die them. ] fay it,becaule that little beaft may fupply Re- 
zinantes want. by carying of mefrom hence vnto fome 
Cattell, wherein J may be cured of my.wounds, Nor do! 
hold this kindc of riding difhonoyrable ; for 1 remember 
to haue read thatthe good old Seéenns tutor of the metry 
God of laughter, when hee ¢ntred into the Gitie of the | 
buadred gates, ro.'e very fairely mounted on aigoodly | 
Affe. Icis like,quoth Sawcbo,that he rode. as you lay vp- 
pon an Affe ; but there.is preat difference betwixt ring 
; and being caft athware vpon.on¢ like a Sacke ofrubbith. | 
| To this Don. Quixoteantwered, ye woumdst bat are re- |' 
i ceiuedinbattel, dee mbes pine handus,.then-depriue |, 


, men of it. Wherefore friend Panca doe not reply any | 


! 


mote yato.me, buras Ihave faid, atifeas welbasthou | 
canttand lay meas thoy pleafell vpon shy beaftand ict vs |; 
\ dep arr trom hence , before the niebs ouerpake vs in chefe ' 
| delarts,. Yet Lhaue beard ysufay , quoth Paras, chat it 
: was a0 ordinary culome of Knights errant .to flecpe in | 
| Downes and.defarts,the moft of the ycare, and that fo to 
: do they held for very good hap, . Tiaat ts {aid Dow- Duin \' 
| ote, when they have noncother ihift, oravhen de y aren 
| lone; and this is fo truc,as there hath beene a Knight that 
| hath dwelt ena rocke expofed to the Sunne, and the fha- 
! _ dow , and other annoyances of heaven for the. {pacc*of 
| two years, without his Ladies knowledge, ande4madss: 
was one Of that kind, when calling bimfelf Befinedros, he 


Pere 


en LO 
t ts 


witte Knight Don-Quixote, 


PART.2. 


dwelcin the Posre Rocke » nor doe I know pun@udlly |- : 
eight yeares or eight monethes ,for I doe notremempbcr | ¢ ae 
the Hiftory weil; let ic-{pffice that there hee dwelt doing; ~ > 


| of penrrance,for fome difpufl which Iknow not, that his |~ s. 
Ladie Orianadid-him, But leaving that apart Sancho, | ee 
difpatch and away before fome ather difgrace happen A 
likethav of Rozizanteto che: Affe, Euen sa lurkesthe | “> _ 
Dinelt, quoch Sancho, ad fo breathing’t nirty fobs aad | & «< 

'} chreefcore fighes,and a hundred aud‘ twenty: difconrents 7 re 
and execrations againft Him that had brought him there, ae 
he arofe,remayning bended jn the midft of the way pike | 5” 
vntd a Turkifh bow, without being able ro addrelt him-] gy of 
felfe saad notwith{tanding alf this difficulry,he harneffed | 
his Affe(who fad Beene’alfo fomewhst diftracted by the ae 


ouermuch liberty of chat day Jind after he hoytted vp Ro- 
xinantegntiowerehé.indlred with a tongue to complain, 
wonld certalitty haue borne his Lord and Sancho compa. 
nie. Ih theend: Sancho tad Pon- Quixote on the Affe,and 
ied Roainante vnto himyand leading the Affe by the hal- | 
ter,ttduelled that way whitl? he decimed might conduct | 
bith fosncht cowands-the hi hivay, And fortune which | 
| galded his affaires fiontigo, dtobetéer, after he had'trae 
juctled-a little leagite,difcougted ix vnto him, neere vnto | 
|which he faWanInne, wiiichin deffite of hitn , and for |: 
|| Daz- Dstinkes: pleafiremuftncedes bea Calle, Sancho 
contended that Ht wa's ani Tithe and his I ordthat it was | 
WOrjand thelr eofitrotterfic indired fo long, as they had |; 
~ desfure before they could decide it, to arsiue at the of 
— dodging ; idto which Sancho witt cut . 
| - faethe verifeing-of rhe difpure,. 
po oT elftted wih alt Hig toading, | 


a The delightfull Fiflorie of the ~ Paxt.z. 


BQN R | Cuap. Il. 
NOf that which bapned unto the ingenwous Knight, 
within the Inne,which be Suppofedto b8 a Cafile. 


He Inkeeper fecing Don- Quixote laido- | 
uerthwart vpon the Affe, demaunded of 
Sancho,what difeafe he had ? Sanche an- 
{wered that it was nothing but a fal down 
from arock,and that his ribs were therby 
fomewhat bruifed,: This Inkceper had a wife, not cf the 
condition that thofe of chat trade are wont to be, for fhe 
was of a charitable nature , and would grieue at the cala- 
muties of her neighbours , and did therefore prefently oc- 
curreto cure Don-Qaixete, caufing her daughtera very 
comely yong mayden to affift her to cure her gue. There 
likewife ferued in the Inne an 4/fwrins.wench, who was 
broad-faced,fat-pated , faddle-nofed, blinde of one eye, 
andthe other almofft out; true it is that the comelineffe of | 
her bodie fupplied all the other defeats, She yyas not fe- 
uen palmes long from her feete vnto her head, and her 
(houlders which did fomwhat burden her,made her look 
oftner to the ground then the would willingly. This 
beautifull piece did affift the young mayden, and both of 
them made a very bad bedde for Dos- Quixote in an olde 
wide chamber,which gaue manifelt tokens of it felfe,that 
it had fometimes ferued many yeares only to keepe chope 
ftraw for horfes; in which was alfo lodged a Carricr, 
whofe bedde was madea little way off from Don-Quix- 
otes, which though it was made of Canuafle, and coue- | 
rings of his Mules,was much better then theKnights,that 
onely contained foure boords 2 ay plained, placed on 
two vnequall treffels ; 4 flockebed , which in the thinneffe 
feemed rather a Quilt; tull of pellets , and had not they 
fhowen that they were wooll, threughicertaine breaches 
| | : made | 


Panwt.2. — wittie Knight Don-Quixote, 
made by antiquity on the Ticke, a man would by the 
hardneffe racher rake them to be flones: a paire of theets 
made of the skinnes of Sargets, and a couerlet whofe 
threedes,ifa man would number , he fhould not lofe one 
_{ onely ofthe account. In this vngratious bed did Don- 
_Daixote lie, and pref ntly the hofteffe and her daughter 
arinoint him all ouer,and CMariternes (For fo the Aftari- | 
an wench was called)did holde the candle, The Hoftefle 
at the play{tring of him , perceiuing him to be fo bruifed 
in fundry places , fhe faid wnto him that thofe fignes ra- 
ther feemed to proceed: of blowes then of a fall. They 
were not blowes, replied Sancho, but the rocke had mia- 
ny fharpe ends and knobs on it , whereof euery one left |: 
behinde ie a token ; and I defire you good Mafters,quoth 
he,to leaue fome flaxe behinde’, and chere fhall not want | 
one that needeth ‘the ¥fé Of them>; for I affure 2 es my |. 
backe doth litewife ake. If that be fo,quoth the Hofteffe, |) 
itis likely that theu.didft alfo fall: Idid not fall, quoth | 
Sancho Pantabut with the fuddaine affright that I tooke |; 
at iy Maflersfall ; my body doth fo gricue me ,as mee | 
thinkes , Whane beene handfomely belaboured.” Ie} 
may wel happen asthou faieft,quoth the Hofllers daugh- 
ter >forit biath befaine me fundry times todreame , that J 
felfdowne fromfome high tower, and could neuer come 
tothe ground rand when I awaked,! did finde my felfc fo |. 
ttoubled and broken asif thad ectily falne. There is the |. 
point Mafters ,qufoth Sanche Panca,that Lwithout drea. |: 
ting ata, ‘but’ being more awake then I'am at this |' 
houte,fourd my felfe tohaue veryfew leffe tokens and | 
tnarkes then my Lord Dos- Daixote hath, ‘How is this | 
Gentlenr'n callediquoth Afarstormes the Afturian? Don- |’ 
" | Quixote ofthe Manebaxeplied Sanche Parca, and he is |: 
a Knight erraite , and oneof the bef and ftrongeft that. 
hhaue beene feene‘in she world thefe many ages. What is 
that,a Knight errant quoththe wench? Art thou fo yong | - 
in the world, that chou knaweftit not j anfwered bios | 
aaa antas, 


The delightful Hiftorieof the Panr.2. 


12.4. 


"| Panca? Kaow, then fifter mine , that a Knight errantis a 
-thing,which in two words you fee wel cudgelled,and af- | 
ter becomes an Emperour. To day he is the moft ynfor- 
tunate creature ofthe world, and the moft needy ; andto 
morrow he wil have two or three.ccowns of Kingdomes 
to beflow vpon his Squire, If it be fo quoth she Hofteffe, 
why then -haft notthou gotten at leaft an -Earledome, 
feeing thou art this good Knight his Squire ? It is yettoo 
foone,replied Sancho, forit is but a moneth fithence wee 
began firft to feeke aducatures ; and we haue not yet en- 
countred any worthy of the name, And fometimnts it be- 
:fals that fearching for.ene¢ thing pve encounter’ gnother. 
True itisthat if my Lord Dox-Qaivote recouer of this | 

} wound or fall,.and that Ibe not changed by it , I would | 
not make an exchange of my ones fee the beft title of | 


- _ Caflle, which is 


<¢ prarcfull ¥nto you foc whilt I jive. And Iwould it 
¢ higheft: heauens that loue held mee 


Fe. 2 *¢ 


fou ee thefpeech of our Knight errant , which 
they ynderflood as well ag if hee had {poken Gregke vato 
them, but yet they conceiued thac they. were wordes of | 
‘complements and loue,aad as peeple ynufed to cake 
_ | ike 


PaRrrt.3. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


med vnto thema man of thre other world, and fo retur- 


{ ning him thankes with Tauertly phrafé for hig large of- 


fers,they departed. Andthe Affurian MMaritornes cured 

Sancho; who needed her helpe no Icfle then his Mafter, 
The Carrier and fhe had avreed to paffe the night to- 

gether,and fhe liad given vito himter word; that when 


| the guelis Were quiet and her Mafter fleeping, fhe would 


come yneo himand fatisfie his defire,asmuch as he plea: 
fed. And ivis faid of this good wench, that fhe neucy pafs 
fed the like promife, but chxt fhe performedit, although 
ir Wveresiten ih ere medRofg wood:,'and withdut any 
‘Mme; for MRée prefumdedto bé of gchthe bloud , ‘and 
yet thee held it to be no'difprace co ferue in an Inne, for 
fhee was wont to afhiime that diferaces and misfortunes 
brought het to that fate. “Fe hard , narrow , 'nhigeard, 
and conntertaibedde } whereort Dow. Qurxote ley ; was 
the fit lt of the fotire, and next vito it twas his Squires, 
that only contained:a matte and #4 couerlet, and rather 
feemed to be of fhorne Catuafte, then woo!f, After thefe 
two beddes followed: that of the Cafrier, madeas wee 
hauefaid; of the pannels dad furniture oftwo of hisbelt 
Mules, although they were twelue all in number, faire, 


1 fat, and goodly beats , for he was oneof the richeft Car- 


riers of efreuzlo, as the Author of this hiftory affirmeth, 
who maketh particula? mention of him, becaufe he kirew 


i hit very well ,-* dnd’befide’s fame men fay that hce was 
| fomewhat a’ kinne ynto hin, ‘Oniitting that Cid CMa- 
| bamat Benengeli was avery exact Hiftoriographer , and 


molt curious in all things, as may be gathered very well, 
fecing tHat-thofe-which are related brinyfo ininuce and 
lcriuizH; he would not over fipthem mfilence, 
By which thofe graue Biftoriographers may take cx- 
ample, whichrecount vato vs matters fo fhort and fue- 
cinctly ; as they doe fearfe arrive to ourknowledae , Ica- 


uing the meft {ubfantiall pare of the vorks ah 
: tue 


| 125 | 


like language,thcy beheld and admiredhim, and hee fee- 


* Here the Ate 
thor taxcth fome 
one cunningly to | 
be dclceaded fa 
Moor'{lirace. 


— 


126 


The aelightfull Hiflorie of the Pa RTeZ: | 


the inkehorne, either through negligence, malice, orig- | 


norance. Many good fortunes befide the Authour of 
T ablante de Ricamsonte, and him that wrote the booke 


wherein are rehearfed the aéts of the Commte Temillas, | 


Lord with what precilenefle doe they deicribe euery cir- 
cumftance ? to conclude, I fay, that after the Carrier had 
vificed his Mules, and ginen vnto them their fecond ra- 


the comming of the moft exquilite CALaritornes. Sancho 
was alfo by this plaiftered and laid downe in his bedde, 
and though he defired to fleepe, yet would not the griefe 
of his ribbes permit him. And Daex- Quixote with the 


tion, he ftretched himfelfe in his couerlets , and expected. 


paine of his fides , lay with both his eyes open like a hare. 


Allthe Inne was drowned in filence, and there was no 
other light init , then that ofaJampe , which hung ligh- 
ting in the midi of the entry. This maruailous quict- 


nefle, and the thoughts which alwaies reprefented toour | 


Knight the memory of the fucceffes , which at euery pace 
are recounted in bookes of Knighthood (the principall 
Authours of his mifhap) called co his imagination one of 
the ftrangeft follies chat cafily may be conie@tured, which 
was, he imagined chathe arriued to a famous Caftle (for 
as we hauefaid, all the lanes wherein he lodged feemed 
vnto him to be fuch)and that the Inne-keepers daughter 
was the Lord of the Caftels, who ouercatne by his comli- 
neffe and valour, was enamoured of him, and had promi- 
fed, that fhee would come to folace with him for a good 
fpace, after her Father and Mather had gone to bedde, 
And howling all this quimera and fiGtion, which be him- 
felfe had buile in his braine for moft firme and certaine, 
he beganneto be vexed in minde, and to thinke on the 
dangerous trance, wherein his honefty was ‘ike to fall, 
and did firmely purpofe an heart not to commit any dif., 
loyalcie againit his Lady Dadcivea of Tobofo, although 
very Queene Genener with her Lady Quemtanonia,fhould 
come to follicite him. Whileftithus chee lay thinking of 


thefe | 


| 


a, i rel te 
et 4° 7 - ee ry 


PART. 2 


wittie Knight Don-Quixote. | 127 
thefe * follies, the houre approched (that was vnlucky |* Defperates. 

-| for him) wherein the 4wriax wench fhould come, who 

entred into the chamber in (earch of her Carrier, in her 

{mocke , barefooted , and her haire truft vp in a coife of 

* | fiftian , wich foft and wary fteps. But fhee was {carfe 

come tothe dore, when Don- Quaixorefele her , and ari- 

‘fing and fitting vp in his bedde in defpite of his 2plafters, | a Bifmas. | 
and with great griefe of hisribbes , he ftretched forth his ! 
armes to recetue his beautifull Damzell, the e4farian, | 
who crouching, and filently went groping with her : | 


hands, co finde out her fweet heart, and incountred with 
‘Dos. Dnixotes ames, who prefently feazed very frong- 
ly vpon one of her wrelts , and drawing her towards him 
(thee daring not to fpeake a word ) he caufed her to fic 
vpon his beddes fide, arid prefently oroped her fmocke, 
and although it was of > the ftrongeft Canuaffe, hee | b Herpiller. 
thought it was moft fubtife and fine hofland. Shee wore 
on her wrefis cereaine bracelets of glaffe, which he eftee. 
| med to be precious , Orientall pearles. Her haire which 
was almoft as rough as a horfe taile, he. held co be wires 
of the pliQringeft gold of efrabia, whole brichtnefse 
did obfetire that of the Stinne. ‘And her breath which 
certainly {melled liketo fale fale fith , referued from ouer 
night, feemed ynto him a moft redolent, aromaticall and 
{weet fmell, and finally he painted her in his phantafic of 
‘the fame very forme and‘ manner; as hee had read in his 
bookes of Knighthood, of a certaine Princefle whicln| 
came to viftt aKnight who was gricuoufly wounded, be- 
Ang ontercome by bis love, embellifhed with all the orna- | 
ments that here we haue recounted : and the blindneffe 
of this poore Gaifant was {uch ,. as neither the touching, | 
fauour,or other things that accompanied the good Dam. | 
Zell, could vadeceiue him, being: fuch:as were able to | 
make anyother, faue a Carrier, vomit vp his bowels, 
but rather he mage full account, thathe Feld the God- | 
deffe of lout -betwveene his armes.; and holding her Qill | 
; | very 


123. _ The delightfull Hiftorie ofthe Panr.3. | 


very fat, hee beganneto, court her with alow.snd amo- 
“¢ rous voice in, this manne, | I could with to finde my 
¢ felfc-in termes moft high and. beautifull Lady, to bea- 
‘¢ ble to recompence fo great a fauour, as that which 
“¢ wich the prefence of your matchlefle feature you haue 
¢é fhewen vatome: but fortune ( whois.neuer weary of 
_ | “ perfecuting the good) hath pleafed to lay mee in this { 
"| ¢bedde,therein J lie fo broken and brufed,thatalthough || 
“<I were.de(irous to fatisfie your will, yetis it impoffible; | 
“© fpecially fecing to. thy impoffibility may bee added a 
“* ereater, fo wit che promifed faith which I haug given 
“co the vamatchableDalemeaof Tobefa, the only Lady 
© of my moft hidden thoughts , for did nor this Jer mee, | 
doe nothold meto be fo fentctetfe and.maddea Knight |. 
‘as to ouerflip fo fortynate an occafion as this, which |: 
_|.“ your bounty pein Pig 


fered.to me. 5, , 
(Marstornes, remain 


° 
! 


0 eH eh egpa 


rined fweating through anxiety to | 
fee her{elfe held fofaft by Se Oeste ey wilour ci- } 
ther vnderftanding , ot giuing attention to his wordes, | 

(hee labourcd all that fhee, could to free her felfe from | 

him without {peaking a word, The Catrier whofe badde |: 

intention kept his» fiill.waking ; didfeare his Lady from 

the time that thee firft entred into the roome, and did at- | 

‘tentively giue care to all Don--Quixotes difcourfes, and | 

iealous.that the 4/farian{hould breake promife with him | 

for.any other, he drew nearer Vato Dow- Duixotes bedde, }! 

and floodg quiet to fee whereunto thefe wordes which 

hee-could not vnderftand tended; But.viewing that the | 

‘wench Atjued to depare , and Don- Quixote laboured to | 

| with-holdher, the.ieftfeeming euill ynto him, he vp.with | 

;hisarme, and difcharged fo terrible a blow on the ing- 

‘moured Knights jawes, as hee bathed all his mouth in- 

|i bloud , and not content here withall , he mounted ypon. | 

the Knight,-and did treade an his ribbes, and paffed taeap || 

“all ouer with more then atrottc. ‘The bedde which wag-|. 

* Sndeble, | fowewhat * yveake, and netvery firme of foundation, | 
7 | | being 


ae ee SOR.” SPRL 


~@ 


i> <ing vnablera fuffer the addition of the Carrier, fell 


P arr. 3. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


<3 owne to the ground, wvith fo great a noife, asit vvaked 
t ke Innekecper; vvho prefently fufpecting , that it vvas 
=> ne of Maritornes confli&ts, becaufe fhee anfwered him | 
waot, having called herlowdly , hee forthwith arofe and 
B a ghting of alampe he vvent towards the place where he 
Es card the noife. Fhe'vvench perceiving that her Mafter 
< ame, and that he vvas extreme chollerickc, did all afha- 
w-aracd andtroubled runne into Sancho Panca’s bedde,who 
£3 epralfthis vvhile very foundly, and there crouched, and 
Wacmade ber felfe as little as an egge. Her Mafler entered 
<= mying , vvhoore vvhere art thda ? I dare wvarrant that 
© nck are fomeof thy doings. By: this ‘Sascho avvaked, 
== md feeling that bulke lying almoft vvholly vpoa him, he 
© thought it vvas the night Mare, and beganne to lay wvith 
Ena 3s fifls here &there about him very {wiftly,and among o- 
thers wravght Afaritornes know not how many blows ; 
‘W who grieved for the paine fhee indured there cafting all 
Fronefly afide, gaue Sanche the exchange ofhis blowes fo 
€ ximly, as thee made him to awake in defpite of his flug- 
© ifhneffe. And finding himfelfe to be fo abufed of an vn- 
<outh perfon, vvhom he could not behold , he arofe and 
<anught hold of CMaritorves 28 vvell as he could, and they 
Borhbeganne the beft fight and pleafameft skirmith of 
theworld = . 4 
+ The Carrie perceiting by the fight vvhich the Inne- 
©eper broughe ta yvith him , the lamentable fate of his | 
iftris, abatidoning Daw- Osixote , he ihflantly repaired 
@ sive her the fuccor chat vvas requifite, which likewife 
x he Inaekeeper did, but vvith an other meaning , for hee 
‘@pPproched vvith intention to pudifh the ‘ywench, delee-; 
Uing chat thee vvasinfallivly the caul @/6f all that harmo- 
Ny. And {o as men fay, the Cat to the Rarythe Rat to the | 
Cord, the Cord tothe Pot; fo the Carrier firucke Sax- 
&he, Sanchethevvench, fhee returned hitrragaine his li- 
berility yvithinverétt, andtheintickeeper hide lode vp- 
K 


oe PONE 


Pe 7 _ ao weve meen 


120 The delight full Hiflorie of the Parr 3- 


Ed so ap eee ee RE NT ee ee 
Pon his maide alfo. And all of them did mince it with 
fuch expedition , as there was nto leafure at all allowed to 

any one of them for breathing. Andthe beft of all was, 
thac the Innekeepers lampe went out, and then finding 
themfelues in darkeneffe, they belaboured one another 
fo without compaffion, and at once , as wherefoeuer the | 

blow fell, it brufed che place pitifully. | | 
There lodged by chance that night inthe Inne one of 
* ‘Theholy bre- | the Squadron of thefe, which are called of the old * holy 
therbood or the } brotherhood of Toledo, he likewife heating the wonder- 
$a@aHerman- | full noife of che fight , he laid hand on his rodde of office, 
dad, areacer’ | and the tinne boxe of bistitles,and entred into the cham- 
ses se bi A berwithout light, faying , fland fill to the officer of Iu- 
mee free | Mice, and tothe holy brotherhood, And faying to the firlt 
the bigh way whom hee met, was the poore battered Dow-Qurxote, | | 
from fobbers. | who lay ouetthrownce in his bedde, Aretched , wich his 
face vpward without any feeling , and taking hold of his 
| beard, he cryed out inceflantly, helpe the Juftice, But fee- 
ing that hee whom hee held faft bowed neither hand or | - 
foote,hee prefently thought that hee was dead, and that 
thofe battaillants that fought fo eagerly, in the roeme 
| had flaine him; wherefore hee lifted hig yoice aad cryed 
| out lowdly, faying, fhut the Innedore;and fee that none’ 
efcape , for here they.haue kildaman, This word afto- 
| nifhed all che combattants fo much, as euery one left the 

batcaile inthe very cermes., wherein. this- voice had o- 

uertaken them. The Innekeeper retyred himfelfe to his 

chamber , the Carrier to his couerlets, the wench to ber 
couch, and only the vnfortunate Don- Quixote and Sas- 
cho, wete not able to moue themfelues from the place 
| wherein theylay. The offi-er of the holy brotherhood in 

this {pace, letting flip poore Dow-- Qurxetesbeard , went 
| out for light, to fearch and apprehend the delinquents, 

but he could not finde any, for the Innekeeper had pur- 
pofely quenched the lampe,, as hee retyredto his bedile 
wherefore the. officer was conitrained to repaise to. che 

| | chimney’ 


[ee eee 


P ant. 3- wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


chimney, where with great difficulty, after he had {pene 
along while doing of it, he at laft lighted a candle. 


Cuap. III. 


Wherein ave rehearfed the tnnumerable misfortunes 
which Don-Quixote and his cood Squire Sancho 
fiffered tw the lene, which he ta hisharme thought 
tobeaCafile. — : 


Y this time Don- Quixote was come to 
himfelfe againe out of his trance, and 
P with the like lamentable note, as chat 
wherewithal he had calledhis Squire the 
| ote day before, when he was ouerthrowne 
"~~ inthe value of the Packe-flaues,he called 

tohim , faying, friend Sawcho art thou a fleepe ? fleepelt 

thou friend Sancho ? what Ia fleepe? I renounce my felfe 

quoth Sancho, full of griefe and defpite, if] thinke not all 

} the Diuels in hell haue beene vifiting of mee here this 

night. Thou maieft certainly beleeue ic replyed Den- 

| Quixote , for either I know very lietle, or elfe this Caflle 
isinchanted, For I let thee tg wit, but thou muft firll 

fweare to keepe fecret that which J meane to tell thee’ 

now vntill after my death. Sol fweare, quoth Sanche, 

I fayit , quoth Des-- Quixote, becaufe I cannot abide to 

take away any bodies honour, Why, quoth Sanche a- 

gaine, I {wearethat E will conceale ic vntill after your 


. i 
+9 wows - oe a er ee ee ee = 


‘Worthips daies, and I pray God that I may difcouer it to 
morrow. Have I wrought thee fuch harme, Sawche re- | 
plied the Knight, as thou wouldeft defire to fee me end fo 
foone ?it is not for that Sir quoth Sancho, but becaufe 1; . 
cannot abide to keepe things long, lefithey fhould rotte 
in my cuftody ; let it be for what thou pleafett {aid-Donr-~ 
| IZ a 


Quixote, 


a 


SS : 
122 The delightfull Hifforie ofthe Pant.3. 
“© Onixote, for 1 doc truftgreater matters then that to thy 
“Joue and curtefie, And that I may rehearfe ic vnto thee. 
‘¢ briefly , know that a little while fince the Lord of this 
*¢ Caftcls Daughrer came vnto me, who isthe moft faire 
“¢ and beautifull Damzell, thatcan bee found ina great’ 
‘¢ partofthe earth, what could t fay vnto thee of the or- 
‘¢ naments of her perfon ? what of her excellent wit ? 
¢ what of other fecret things, which, that I may pre- 
<¢ ferne the faith due vnte my Lady Dalcinea of Tobofo,1- 
<¢ paffe ouer in filence ? I will only tell chee, that heauen 
| ‘© enuious of the ineftimable good that fortune had put 


“when wee were in moft {weet and amourons {peech, 
‘© 1 being not able to fee: or know from whence it came, 
< there arrived a hand ioyncd to the.arme of fome migh. | 
¢¢ ry Giant, and gaue mee.fuch a blow onthe jawes , as! 
‘¢ chey remaine. all bathed in bloud., attd “did-after fo: 
¢< chumpe and brufemee, as I fcele my felfe worle now, 
‘then yefterday when the Carriers through Rozivantes 
,** madaefle, did vfe vs as thou knoweft. By.which I con- 
*ieCture that the treaftre of this Damzels beauty, kept 

“¢ by fome inchanted Moore, and is not referned for me. 
Nor for me quoth Sazcho;, for 1 haue beane bumbafied 
-by more then foure bundred Moores:, which have ham- 

mered me in fuch forr, asthe brufing of the Packe-flayes, 
| was gilded bread and ie¢ cakes.ia comparifon of it : buc 
| Sir Ipray youcell me, how can you ¢all this a good and 
|| rareaduenture, feeing we.remaine fo pittifylly vied after 
| it ?and yet your harmes may be accounted Icffe,in refpe& 
you hauc held, as you {sid, that incomporabke beauty he- 
{ tweenc your ames: but I, what haue’I had orherthen 
the greateft blowes that I fhall euer have in mylife. Vn- | 
fortunate that Lam, and the Motherwhich bare me, that 
neither aman crrant Knight, nor cuer.meanes ro be any, 
| .& yer the greatefl part of our mifhaps Ril fals.to my lor.It 


‘in my hands. Or perhaps (and that is moft probable): 
¢¢ this Caftell, as I hauc faid, ts inchanted,-ivft at the.time | - 


feemcs |. 


ao 
Q 


PART. 3. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


. | feemes thac thou waft likewife beaten, replyed Don-. 
_ Quixote, euill befall my linage quoth Saxche , have not I 
Sold you I was 2 be not grieued friend replied the Knig he, . 
for I will now compound the precious Bat/arenm, which 
will cure vs in the twinkling of an cye. 

The officer hauing by this time alighted his lampe, 
entred into che roome.co {ee him; whom ‘he accountea to 
be dead , and as foone as:Sancho (aw han; (celttg himto 
come iny in:his fhirt , his head lapt vp ina kerchiffe , che 
lampe in his hand , having. wichall-a very euill fauoured 
countenance, hee demauaded ef his Lord. Sir is this by 
chance the inchanted Afosre,that cures anew to torment 
vs,for fomawhacthat is yet vapumifhed 2 He eamnot beche 
Mooreanfwered Des- Quixote , for Nigromancers fufter 
not themfelues to bee fecne by any. If they fuffer noc 
themfelues:co bee feene quoth Sancho , they faffer them- 
{clues at leaftto bee fei , if not, lee my fsoulders beore 
witaefle. So might mine alfo faid Don. Quexote but fot- 
withftanding this is no fufficient argament to proue hini, 
whom wee fee to bee the inchanted Moore; as thus they 
difcourled, the. officer arrived, -add finding. thetn to. com- 
munein {a pedceable & quict manner, herefted admired. 
Yet Don- Quixote. lay with his face ypward as he had left 
him, and was not able to flirre himfelfe, he was fo beaten 
and be phaiftered. ‘The officer approching demaunded of f 
him, Well how dof thowgood fellow: ? Lwould {peake 
more maanerly quoth Des-Qaixore, if 1.were bucfuch a f 
oneasthou att, is it che cufteine of this Countrey you | 
bottle-head , to talke after fo rude a manner to Knights f 
egrant ? The other impatient, tb {ce one of fo vile pre- 
fence,, vf¢ hime with than badded language, could notin~], 
dure. it, but lifting vp the Jamipe oile and all, ee Don- |) 
Quixete fuchablow on the pate withit, as he broke his }; 
head in one or.two places, and leauing all in darkenefic |, 
behinde, him , departed prefently out 6f.the chamber, 


‘ 


without doubt, ( quoth Sasehefeeing this, accident ) Sic}, 
| K 3 that }! 


13+ 


fichen to raife vp two blifters fonsewhargveat ; andthat 


The delight{ull Hiftorie ofthe P anr.3. 


thac was the inchanted CAfoore , and I thinke he keepeth 
| the treafure for others, and rcferucth only for vs fifts, and | 
| lampe blowes, Itis as thou faiclt, quoth Don- Quixote, 
1 and therefore wee are not to make accountof thefe in- 
chantments,or be wroth and angry at them, forin refpe& 
that they are inuifible and fantafticall , wee {hall not find 
him on whom we may take reuenge, though wee labour 
euer fo nich fo doeir, .Arife therefore Sasche if thou 
beeft able, and call ta the Conflable of this Fortreffe, and 
procure me fome oile, wine, fal, and vineger, that I make 
the wholfome Badfansese , for verily I beleeuc that I doe 
neede jt very much at this. tiose, the bloud ruaneth fofaft 
our of the wound which the fpirit gaue moe coer nav, 
Sancha then got vp with priete enough of his bones, and 
went without light towards che Innekcepers, and in- 
countred on the way the officer of the holy brotherhood 
whe fleod hearkning whae did become ofhis enemy ; to 
wham hee faid; Sir whafoeuer thau beeft I defire thee, 
doe vs the fauour and benefit to giue me a little Rofina- 
ry, Oile, Wine, aad Sale, ta cure one of che beft Kaichrs 
errant that is in the earth, wholicth pov in that bed fore- | 
ly woateled by che hands. af aninchansed Moore ; that is. 
in this Inne. When the officer heard hin {peake in that | 
mantier, bee held hia te bee out ef his wits, and becaufe 
the dawning beganue, he opened the Inne dore,and told |: 
vite the Hof, that which Sanchbademdnded. - The Inne 
keepet preferstly prowided.all chat he wanted, and Sanche | 
| 


| carried it to his Mafter,who held his head betweerie both 
‘hishands, and complained much of the griefe- that the 
{blow of hig head caufed:, which did him no-other-hurt 


iwhich hee fuppofed to bee bloud', was only the humour |’ 

which the anxiety and labour of minde he pafl in this haf |: 
: darke adventure, had made hims to fweate. _ : | 
Io refolucion Dom Qasxose tooke his fimples,of which |' 
ne made a. compound, mixing themakegether, and then | 
| | boiling ! 


| P arr. 3- wittie Knight Don-Quaixote. 


boiling of them a good while , vntill they came (as hee 
thought) to their perfeétion, he asked for a violl wherein 
he might lay this precious liquor, but the Inne being vn- | 
able to aftord him any fuch, hee rcfolued atlaftto puc it | 
into ‘a tinne oilepot, which the Hoft did makefreely | * profade lata. | 
give him, and forthwith he {aid ouer the pot eighty Pater 
nofters, and as many eA nes, Salues, and Creedes , and ac 
companied every word with a Croffc, in forme of bene- 
diétion, at all which ceremonies Sancho, the Innekeeper, 
and the Officer of the holy brotherhood were prefent,for 
the Carrier went tery foberly todreffe and make ready 
his Mules. ee } | 
The liquor being made, he himfelfe would prefently 
make experience of the vertue of that precious Balfa- 
mune, as he did imagine it to be, and fo did drmke a good 
draught of che ovrerplus that could not enter into his pot, 
being a quart or there abouts, and fcarce had he done it 3 
when be began to vomit fo extremely, as he leftnothing 
rncaft vp in his fomacke , and through the paine and a- 
gitation caufed by his vomits, hee fell intoa very aboun- 
dant and great {weate , and therefore commanded him- 
{clfe to bee well couered , and left alone to take his eafe. 
Which was done forthwith, and hee flept three houres, 
and chen awaking , found himfelfe fo wonderfully eafed, 
§ and free from all Erufin anid paine , as hee doubted not 
but chat he was throughly whole ; and therefore did ve- 
tily perfwade himfelfe , that hee had hapned on the righe 
manner of compounding the Balfanewm of Ficrabras : 
and thac hauing that medicine, hee might boldly from 
thence forth, yndertake any ruines, battailes , conflicts, 
or aduentures, how dangetous foeuer; Sanche Pasca 
who hkewife attributed the fuddaine eure of his Mafter 
to miracle, requefted , that it would pleafe him to giue 
him leaue.to fippe“vp the remainder of the Balifawnw, 
which refled in the kettle , and was no fmall quantity ; 
which Den- Duixote pranted,and he lifting 1 vp Between 
K 4 va both 


2 ee ee — ~eeeewee e eme 


ene ae oe erent, ~eee 0. greenest ~- 20am: were apa ea eee eee ae aot ONE G 


The delight{ull Hiftorie of the P ant.3. 


_] both handes,. did with a good faith, and ’-better ta- 
, | lent, quaffe it off all, being little lefle then. his Ma- 
i} fcr had crunke. The fuccefle then of the Hillory 
| is, that poore Sanehos fomacke, was not fo deli- 
cate as his Lords, wherefore before hee could caft 
hee wastormented with fo many cruell pangues, loa- 
things, {weats, and difinayes, as hee did verily'‘per- 
"| fwade himfelfe, that his laft houre was come ;: and 
perceiving himfelfe to bee fo affliéted and troubled, 
hee curfed the Balfamanm, and on the Theefe which 
had. given it. to him,  Dea-Quixate fecing of-him in. 
“that pittifull caking , faid, 1 beleeue Saxzche, all this 
euill befaileth thee, becaufe -thou art not dubbed: 
} Knight : for I perfwade my felle, thac this liquor 
cannot helpe any one that is not. If your Worthip: 
 kneiv that , quoth, Scneha, (cuill befall mee and all 
my linage) why did you thercforeconfent chat J fhould | 
taftit? : , tes : 
In this time the drench had. made his. opcration, and! 
'| che poore Squire did fo. fwift. and vehemently.difchar ge: 


—— 


' 


and fwetagaine with fueh cxceffiue fwoonings, -as. not; 
4 only himfelfe, but bkewie all the beholders, did: ve- 
| rily dceme, that his dife-was cading.. ‘his. formeciand 
| mifhsppe endured -abpat fome two: houses , after 
| which bee remayned’ not curcd as. his Mafler, bue 
: ee and indifpo{ed, as hee vvgs ner able to 
MAN. ge gar alg uit pa ga aba 

.. Bt Dorr Quixote». who-a9, wee Have Laid felt bie 
{clfe-eafed and cured , vvould prefently:: depart to 
fecke:aduentures y. it feeming vord dior ihaciall-ehe 
time ,vyieh hee aboade there, :vypa-oa osher: thea 
q deprining ,: bath ‘of the, world. and acedofultipco- 
ple, of -his favour and affilanee; ! aud more. throiieh 


; \ 


Web: 3F7 


imfelic by. both channels, as veither dis mat; orcan-'! : 
| vaffe coucring , could ferue after toany vie. Hee {wer ss 


,& 
{* 


tthe {curity and confidence that hce,bad in-hii. Balfa- |, 


Weis a a we Jem 
a A =“ 2 ae 


-- 


— — 


| ceede from-the griefe. of his tibbes , but {pecially fuch 


(© Sir? Conflable, yvhich I haue receiued in this 


| 


Rac EE TE Ra ET = a- 


‘parell himfelfe, and to mount vpponhis Affe. And 


Par T.3. wittie Knight Don-Quéixote, 


mum, Andcarried thus away by thisdefire, hee him- 
(elfe fadled his Horfe Rozinante, and did empanncll 
his Squires bea{ty whorne hee likewife holpe to ap- 


prefently petting a Horfe-backe, hee roade ouer to 
a corner of the Inne, and Jaide hand on a Taueline 
that wvas there, to make it ferue him in fleede of a 
‘Launce. All the peeple thae were in the Inne floode 
behoiding of him, vvhich were abouc twenty in 
number, : ee Rae. 
The Innekeepers Daughter did’ alfo looke vppon 
him, aud hee did neuer withdraw his cye from her, 
and would ever and anon breathe foorth fo colcfull a. 
igh, as if hee had plucked it out of the botrome 
of his hearc,- vvhich ‘sll tle beholders tooke to pro-. 


ds had feene him plavilercd the nigh: betore. And 
being both mounted thus a Horfe-backe , hee called: 
che Innekceper and faid vnto iim with a grauc and 
flayed voyce. Many and great are the fauours,. 


your Caftell, and doe remayne.moft obliged to 
‘© oratiffe you forthem all the dayes of my life. And 
if ge smay pay or recampence them by reuenging | 
© of your Vpon any’ prowde’ Mifercant’, that hath 
“one you any vvrongs, kuow that it is mine O:- 
fice tro helne the wedke, to renence the wron- 
‘ord , and to chaitife Traveours.” Call therefore | 
“eo memory, and if you: aha thing of this 
© Kinde to comaicnttro my correction, you necde not f 
« but once to fay it, for F doe promife vnta you 
‘* by the Order of Knighthocd . which TP haue receiucd 
thro fatisfic ‘and‘oppay you according ynto your owne 
© deftre, a Te Tee 
~ The Innekeeper anfxered hint dgaige with Ike grat 
uityand ftavedacile, faying; Sirkilighs, TMiall not neece 


{ 


your \ - 


your affittance when any wrong is done to me,for I know | 
very wellm felfe, how to take the reuenge that J hall 
thinke good when the iniury is offered. That only which { 
I require is that you defray the charges whereat you 
hauc beene here in the Inne this night, as well for the 
Straw and Barly giuen to your two horfes, as alfo for 
both your beddes. This then is an Inne ? queth Dox- 
Qaixote, That itis and an honourable one too, replyed 
the Innekecper. Then haue I hitherto liued in an! 
crrour, quoth Den-Qwixete, for in very good footh| 
I tooke it till nowe to bee a Caftell , and that no! 
| meane one neyther, But fince that it is no Caftcll; 
| but an Inne, that which you may doe for the prefent:|- 
time isto forgiue me thofe expences , forI cannot dee! 
ought apainitthe cuftomes of Knights Ersrants; of all} 
whichI moft certainely knowe ( without ever hauing , 
| read votill this prefent any thing to the uareae that 
they neuer paide for their lodging, or other thing, 
in any Inne wherefocuer they lay. For by all Law and. 
right,any good entertainement that is giuen ynto them. 
istheir due, in recompence of the infupportable trauels | | 
they indure, feeking of aduentures both day and night, 
i) Summer and Winter, afoote anda horfebacke , with 
thirfl and hunger, in heate and cold, beiny fubiegt to all 
the diftemperatures of Heauen , and all the difcommo- 
dities ofthe earth. All chat coneernes me nothing ée- 
plied the Inkeeper, pay voto me my due, and Icaue thefe 
tales and Knighthoods apart, for I care for nothing clfe, 
buthow! may come by mine owne, Thou arta mad and 
| abad Hofte, quoth Don- Daixete, and faying fo he fpurd 
Rozinante, and flourifhing with his Iaueline, hee iflued 
out of the Inne, in defpight ef them all, and without loo- 
king behind him to fee once whether his {quire followed, 
he roade a good way offfrom it. _ 
} The Inkeeper {ceing hee departed without fatisfying 
him, came to Sasche Pasca, to get his money of 


* Gandy. 


| The delightfull Hi florie of the =P a RT.3+ 


wherefore turning the Raignes, hee made towards the | 
Inne with aleath{ome galloppe, and finding it fhut, he { 
rodeallabout it to fee whether heenight enter into it. 
Bat (carce was he arriued at the walles of the bafe court 
which were not very hie, when ke perceiued, the foule 
play that was vfed cowards his Squire, for hee faw him 
defcend 2nd afcend into the ayre againe with fuch 
grace and avilitie,that did his choller ermit, I certaine- 
ly perfwade my felfe hee would haue bur@t for laughter. 
He affayed to mount the wall from his Horfe, but hee 
was fo bruifed and broken, ashe could not doe as much } 


Ye gt ¢C 


| and orelaboured , thought itneedfull to helpe himto |, 
oO 


| the pot and laying it to his lips, he abftained from drin- 
, king by his Lords perfwafion, who cryed re him aloud | 
| faying , Sonne Sancho drinke not water, drinke itnot 
: Sonne, for it will kill thee. Behold I haue here with me 
1 the moft ihe halle (and fhewed him the oile pot 
1 of the drenches he had compounded) for with only two 
| dropsthat thou drinkeft, chou fhale without all doubr 
 remaine whole and found. At thefe wordes Sascho 
: Jooking behinde him, anfwered his Mafler with alow- 
_ der voice , haue youforgotten perhaps fo foone , how 


PART.3. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


that I amno Knight, or doe you defire, that I vomit 
the remnant of the poore bowels that remaine in mee 
fince yeRernight , keepe your liquor for your felfe in the 
Diuels name,and permit me to liue m peace;and the con-_ 
clufion of this fpeech andhis beginning todrinke , was 
done all in one inflane, but finding atthe firftdrauy be that 
it was water, he would not taft it any more, buc requefted 
Maritornesthat fhee would giue him fome wine, which 
thee did flreighe with a very good will, and likewife | 
paied for it out of her ewne purfe ; for in cffect it is writ- 
ten of her, that though thee followed that trade, yet had 
thee fome fhadowes and lineaments in her of, Chriftiani- 
ty. As fooneas Sanche had drunken , he vifited his Affe 
ribs with his heeles twife or thrife, and the Innc being o. [- 
pened he iffued out of it, very lad that he had payed no- 
thing, and gotremhisdefire, although it were to the coft | 
| of his ordinary fureties, to-wit, his fhoulders, ‘Yeedidthe 
| Ianekeeper remaine pofleff of bis wallets , as a payment 
for that he oughe him,but Saacho was fo diftrac&ted when 
he departed, as he neuer miffed them. After he departed, 
the Inrickeeper thought to hane fhut vp the Inne doore 
apaine, but he Gentlemen toffers would not permit, 
being fuch folke,-that if Donx-Oaixote were 
verily one of the Kniehts of the round 
Table , yet: would’net they c= 
.  fteeme him two. | 
_ chips. | 


142 The delightfull Hiftorieofthe Pant.y. 


Cuap. IIIL. 


wherein ave rehearfed the difcourfes paffed betweene | 
Sancho Panca, and his Lord Don-Quixote, weth | 
other aduentures worthy therecitall. 


go Ancho atriued to his Mafter alkwanne and 
HO NB p difmayed, iv fo much as he was {carce able 
: "co {pur on his beat, When Den-Qaixote 
le beheld hins in that cafe, hee {aid to him, : 
now do I wholly perfwade my felfe friend . 
ws Sancke, that that Cafile or Inne,is doubt- 
lefly inchanted. For thofe which made paflime with thee 
in fo cruell manner, what elfe could they be but fpirits,or 
people of an other world : which I doe the ratherbe- 
leeuc, becaufe Ifaw, chat whileft I floode ac the barrier 
of the yard, beholding the acts of thy fadde Tragedy ; 1 
was not in any wile able eisher to mount it,or alight from 
Reximamte,for as } fay,I thinke they held me then inchan- 
ted. For Ivowtothee by mine honour , that if 1 could 
haue either mouated or alighted’, F would: have taken 
fuch vengeancc on thofe lewde and treacherous Caitifs, 
as they fhould remember the ieft foreuer, though I had 
shcictore aduentured tetranfgreffe the lawes of Knight- 
hood. Which as I haue oftimes fait vnto thee permitceth 
not any Knight to lay hands on.one that is not Kuighted, 
if it bee not in defence of his proper Iifeand perfon , and 
chat in cafe of great and urgent neceffity. So would I al- 
fo haue reuenged my felfe, quoth Sanche, if | might,were 
they Knights or no Knights, but I could not: and yet I: 
do infallibly belieue,that thofe which tooke their pleafure 
with me, were neither zhofts, nor inchanted men as you 
fay, buemen of fleth and bones as we are,and all of them 
as | heard thenrcald whileftthey toffed- mee had proper 
names, for one wastearmed Peter Martinez , and an- 
other 


t 


| PAR T.3. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


a: 
other Tenorio Herriander , and 1 heard alfo the Innckce- 
per called Jobs Palamseque the deafe , fo that for your in- 
ability of not leaping ouer the barriers of the yard , or a- 
lighting off your horfe was only inchauntments in you, 
Whereby I doe clearly colle& this much, thae thefe ad . 
uentures which we goe in fearch of , will bring vs at laft 
to fo many difuentures, as wee fhall not be able to know 
which is our right foote. And that which wee might doe 
beft according to my little vaderflanding , were cu re- 
_| turne vs againe to our village, now that is reaping time, 
and looke to our goods , omitting to leape thus as they 
fay,outofthefryingpanintothefire, 

blow little doelt thou know Sancho, replyed Don- 
"| Quixote, what appertaineth to Chiwalrys peace and haue 
patience, for a day willcome wherein thou fhalt fee with 
thine owne eyes, how honourable it is to follow this ex. 
Jercile, Ifnot, tell me,what greater content may there be 
in this world,or what pleafure can equall that of winning 
a battaile , and of triumphiny ower ones enemy ? none 
without doubt. I chinke it be , quoth Sancho,although 
I doe not know it; only this I know, that fince we be- 
came Knightserrant, or chat you are one (for there isno 
reafon why I thouldcount my felfe in fo honourable a | 
number) wee neuer ottercame any battaile , if it was not 
that of che Bifcaine , and you came cuen out of the very 
fame with halfe your eare and beater leffe, And ewer af- 
ter that time,we have had nothing but cudgels,and more 
cudgels, blowes,and more blowes. I carrying with me 
befides ofouerplus, the toffing in the blanket , and that, 
by reafon it was done to me by inchanted perfons, Ican- 
not be reuenged, and by confequence fhall not know that 
true guftand delight, thacistaken by vanquifhing mine 
enemies, whereof you fpeake even now. That is ic which | 
pricuesme , as itfhould thee alo, Sache, quoth Don- |. 
Quixote : but I will procure hereafter to prt a fworc, 
made with fuch art, thatavholocuer fhall weare it, no 
J : kinde |. 
eee een ene 


he a ia et 
144. The delightfull Hiftorte ofthe =P art. 


kinde of inchantmnent fhall hurt him, And’ perhaps for- 
tune will prefent mee the very fame which belonged to 
Amadis, when he called himfelfe the Knight of the bxr- | 
ning (word , which was one of the bef, that euer Knight 
had in this world: for befides the vertue that] cold, it did 
alfo cut like a Razer,and no armour were it euer fo {trong 
orinchanted could fland before it. I am fo fortunate, 
uoth Sascho, that when this befell , and that you found | 
tach a (word, it would only {erue and be beneficiall, and 
ftand in flead fuck as are dubbed Knights, as doth your 
Balfawsum, whilefi the poore Squires are cramd full with 
forrowes, Fearenotthat.Sasebe , quoth Don- Quixote, 
tor fortune will deale with thee naore liberally chen fo. 

In thefe difcourfes Dom- Quixete and his Squire roade, 
when Den- Quixote perceiuing a great and thicke duftto 
arife in the way, wherein he trauailed, turning to Saxcho 
fajd, this is (Saxcho) the day , wherein fhall bee manifeft 
the good which Fortune hath referued for me. This is the 
day, wherein the force of mine arme muft bee fhowen as 
muchas in any other whatfoeuer, and in it will I doe fuch 
feates, as fhall for ever remaine recorded inthe books of 
fame; doeft thou fee. Saxcho the duft which arifeth there? 
knowthatit is caufed by a mighty army and fyndry and 
innumerable Nations, which come marching there ; if 
thar be fo, quoth Sasche, then muft there be two armies, 
for on this other fide is raifed as preataduft, Don. Qui- 
xete turned backe to behold it, and fecing it was fo in- 
deede , he was maruailous glad, thinking that they were } _ 
doubrleffely two armies, which came to fight one with 
an other, ia the mid{t of that {pacious plaine. For he had 
his fantafte euer replenifhed with chefe battailes,inchant- 
ments, fuccefles, rauings, loues,and challenges, which are 
rehearfed in bookes of Knighthood : and all that euer he 
{poke , thouglit , or did , was addreftand apply ed to the 
like things : and the duft which hee had fecne:wes.raifed 
by two great flocks of Sheepe, that came through the! 

- fame 


Wc nl Se ae a ee ee 


EE IE 


P ART. 3. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


} fame field by two different wayes , and could not be dif- 


cerned by reafon of the duft, vatill they were very nearc. 
‘Don- Quixote did afirme that they were two armies, 
with fovery good carneft as Sanc4o beleeued it, and de- 
manded of hin, Sir what then fhall we two doe ? Whar 


4s 
| 


fhould we do? (quoth Don. Quixote) but affilt the necd-: 


full and weaker fide. Forthou thale know Sancho, that 


he whecomes towards vs isthe great Emperor 4/fam- 


faron, Lord of the great Ifland of Trapobana, The other 
who marchcth at our backe is hisenemy the King ef the 
Garamantes, Pentapoline of the naked arme, (o called, 
becaufe hee ftill entereth in battayle, with his right 
arme naked, I pray you good Sir, quoth Saxche, to tcl: 
ine why thefe two Princes hate one another fo much? 
they are enemies, replyed Don- Onixote, becaufe that this 
eA lsfamfaron is a furious Pagan, and is cnamoured of 


Pentapelins Daughter , who is avery beautifull and gra- . 


cious Princeffe, and moreouera (bristian. And her Fa- 
ther refufeth to giue her to the Pagan King, vntill firft he 
abandon CMabomets falfe fect, and become one of his re- 
lig'on.. By my beard, quoth Sancko, Pemtapolin hath rea- 
fon, and | willhelpe him allthat I may. By doing fo, 
quoth Don- Qnixote,thou performeft thy duty3for it is not 
requifice that onebea Knight, tothe end hee may enter 
into fuch battailes, I doe apprehend that my felfe,quoth 
Sancho, very well, but where fhall we teaue this Affe in 
the meane time , that we may be fureto finde him againe 
after the confli@, for I chinke it is not the cuflome toen- 
“€ ter into battaile, mounted on fuch a beaft. Ic is true, 
*€ quoth Don- Onixote, that which thou mailt doe is, to 
© Jeaue himto his aduentures, and care not whether hee 
“ be loft or found, for we fhall haue fo many horfes, after 
© comming out of this battaile victors , that very Roz 

“¢ ante himfelfe, is in danger, to be chanyed for another. 
‘© Buc be attentive, for I meaite to deicribe vnto thee the 
* ptincipall Kaights of boththe armies. And to the end 


thou 


eS ed 


AEE TET 


1 6 The delight full Hifforie of the Pa R 1.3. 


Ferr., | 6 choummaicft the better {ce and note allthings, Ict vs re- 
| $€ tire our felues therc to that little hillocke,from whence 
‘© boch the Armies may eafily be defcryed. 
They did fo, and flanding on the toppe of a hill, from 
: whence they might haue feene both the flocks, which 
| Dox- Quixote called an army very well, if thecloudes of | 
duft had not hindred it and blinded their fight, yet not- 
withftanding our Knight f{eeing in conceit that which 
really hee did not fee at all, beganne to fay with a lowde 
voice. 
“That Knight which thon feeft there with the yellow 
“ armour, who beares in his fhicld a Lyon crownd,crou- 
‘‘ching at a Damzels feete, is the valorous Lasrcalio, 
“Lordof the Silwer Bridge : the other whofe armes are 
“ powdred with flowers of gold, and Bearesinan Azure 
¢ field, three Crownes of filyer is the dreaded CMiscoco- 
‘Slembo, great Duke of Lairocia : the other limmed like 
¢*a Giant, that flandeth ac his right hand, is the vndaun- 
“ted Brandabarbaray of Boltche, Lord of the three e4- 
“‘ yabias : and comes armed with a Serpents skinne, bea- 
* ring for his.fhield as is reported one of the gates of the 
‘ Temple, which Sampfon at his death ouerthrew, to be | 
“‘reuenged of his encmies. But turne thine cyes to this 
‘© other fide, and thou fhale fee firft of all, and in the front 
| | ‘of this other army the euer victor and never vanquifh 
‘ed Timonel of Carcaiona , Prince ofzew Biskaye, who | 
Caite 


aS AP peta Ce EEA EL 
‘ 


LOT NPA ELLE LIED POTD LAE 


“comes armed, with armes parted into Blew , Greene, 

“White, and Yellow quarters, and beares in his fhield 

| ¢ in aficld of Tawney a Catte of geld , with a letter that 

| ‘*faics CMiaw, which is the beginning of'his Ladies 

‘game, which is as the report runnes, the pcereleffe 

“¢¢ Miaulina, Daughter to Duke Alfeniguen of Algarne. 
‘© The other thac burdens and opprefleth the. backe- of] 

‘that mighty * Courfer, whofe armouris as white as 

“¢ fnow,and allo his fhicld without any deuife is a Knight 

| ‘© nouell of France, called Péerres Papin, Lord of the Ba- 
FORV* 


ee ee ee ee ff ee 


ee ee ae eee ere en ee eee 


PART. 3. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


“‘rony of Vtrique. The other that beates his horfe fides 
€¢ with his armed heeles, and beares the armes of pure 
< eAxure, isthemighty Duke of Nerbia Efpartafilarde 


| 


147 


<¢ of the Wood, Who beares for his devife a * Harrow, . 


“with a Morte that faies, Sotratles my Fortune, And 
thus he proceeded forward, naming many Knights of the 
one and the other {quadron , euen as hee had imagined 
them, and attributed to each one, his armes, his colours, 
imprefe, and AZettoes, fuddainly borne away by the ima- 
givation of his wonderfull diftration.And without ftam- 
<<‘ mering he proceeded, faying. This firft {quadron con- 
<*caineth folke of many Nations, in it are thofe which 
<6 caft che {weet waters of famous Xanze, The Mountai- 
<¢ nous men thattreade the CMafilical fields, Thefe thar 
¢* doc fift the moft pure and rare gold of Arabia Felsx, 
¢* Thofe that poffeffed the famous and -delightfull bankes 
| “ of cleare Termodente. Thofethat lec bloud many aud 
‘¢fundry waies the golden Paftelus. The Namides vn- 
“ feadfaftin their promife. The Perfians famous for Ar- 
“chess. The Parthes and Medes that fight flying. The 
© eArabsinconfant in their dwellings. The Scithes as 
<* cruellas white. The o£ shiops of boared.lips,and other 
<¢ infinite Nations whofe faces I know and behold, al- 
¢¢ though J haue forgotten their denominations, In that 
<¢ other army come thofe that taft the Chriffatine (reams 
of the Oline-bearing Betis, chofe that dippe and polifh 
¢¢ their faces with the liquor of the exer-rich and golden 
“ Tagns, Thofe that poflefle the profitable fluent of di- 
“ine Genile, Thofe that trample the Tartefian fields fo 
* abundant in pafture. Thofe that recrcat themielues in 
“ the Elifean fields af Xerex. The rich Manchegans crow- 
“ ned with ruddy eares of corne : Thofe apparelled with 
‘yron, the ancient relikcs of the Gothifh diond. Thole 
¢¢ that bathe themfelues in Pifserga , renowmed for the. 
¢ fmothnefle of his current. Thole that feede their flocks 
“in the vat fields ofthe wreathing Gwadiana, fo cele~_ 


2 


* Elparvaguera. 


°° brated 


118 


a ee 


i NR SO 


~ @O7 white 
crefled. 


The delightful Hiftorteof the Pant.3. 


a faa ese eee a 
1‘ brated for his hidden courfe. Thofe that tremble 
“ through the cold of the bully Pirens, andthe * lofty 
“© Apenmes, Finally, all chofe chat Ewrope in it {elfe con- 
** cayneth, 

Good God, how many Prouinces repeated he at that 
time, and how many Nations did hename, giuing to e- 
ucry one of them, with maruailous celerity and briefnefie, 
their proper attributes, being {wallowed yp and ingulfed | 
in thefe things which hee had read in his lying bookes. 
Sanche Panca flood fufpended at his fpeech, and {poke 
not a word, but only would now and then turn¢ his bead | 
to fee whether he could marke thofe Knights and(Giants, 
which bis Lord bad named 5 and by reafon he could aot 
difcouer any, hefaid. Sie I give tothe Dinell any man, 
Giant, er Knight, ofall thefe you faid thatappeareth: at 


pocnt, like shat of theGholis of yefteroight. ‘How ? faicft: 
‘hou fo, quath Don. Daixete ? Deeftnoc thou hrarc the! 
| horfes neigh, thetrumpets found, and the noyfe of the: 
| drummes ? I heare nothing cHe,faid Seache,but the great 
| bleating of many Sheepe. And (oie was indeede, for by 
thistime, the ewe. flocks did approchthem very neare..: 
| The feare that thou cohceiueh Senths , quoth Das- Qxi-: 
| xote, maketh ehee that thou canfi neither beare nor fee 2-' 
| right, for one of the effects of feare isto srouble the fen- | 
fes, and make things appeare otherwike theinthey.are, 
and feeing thon feareft fo much, retire thy felfe ounof the 
way, for I alone am fufficient to pide the viftaryto that 
| part which I thal) affift, and hawing ended his fpeech, hee 
| {et {purresto Rozimante , and fetting his Lance in the ref 
| hee flung downe from the hillocke like aghumderbole. 


-.<- 


| goodSir Dox. Quixote, for I vow voto God thar all thofe 
\ which you goe to charge, are but Sheepe and Murtons. 
{ Recurne I fay, alas that eucr I wasborne, what madneffe 
i is this ? looke, for there is neither Giant, nor Knight, nér 


leaft I cannot difcernethem. Perhaps all.is but inchant- | 


Sancho cryed to him as lowd as hecould, faying ,returne | 


Cats, |, 


[ PARt. 3. wittie Knight Don-Onixote. | 14.9 


ee 
Cats, nor Armes, nor Shields, parted, nor whole » nor], 
pure Azures, nor diuelifh What is ir you doe wretch that 
I am ? For.all this Dox Oxixote did notreturne, but ra- 
thet roace, faying with a lowde voice; On on Knights, 
all you chat ferueand march ynder the banners of the va- | 
lorous Emperour Pentapolin of thenaked Arme , follow | 
ince all of you, and you fhafl {ce how eafilyI willre= | 
uenge hin on his encny . xflifamfaron.of Trapobana, 
and faying , fo hee entred into the middeft of the flocke |: 
of Sheepe , and beeannie to Launce them with fuch cou- 
fage and fury, as if lee did in good earne@l encounter his 
Prortall exeatics; :: ee aan egy Seyi 
'n The Sheeperheardsthat'cakte with the: flocke, ¢ryed 
to hun to: leaut off, bus feeing theif wardes cooke no | 
effect, they valoofed their fings and beganne to fa- | 
lute his pace withftones a5 great asonesfitl, But Don- 
Luixore wade no.aceount:of cheit foros ,-and did fling 
vp and -dowrie atong: the. Sheepe; Saying, where art 
thou prowde Alifamfarow,: where art thou ? come 
tomee , for 1 am. but one :Kuightalone, vvho defires 
$6. proue my forces with thee man to man, and de- 
privethes of thy Bfe,, in pame of the wrong thou docfi 
co. the: valiant Pentapolie the: Garaneismte. Ac that in- 
fant a Rone gaue him fucha blow on one of his fides, as 
did bury;two of his ribbes:in hisbody. Hee beholding 
himfeke, fo: il dight,:did :prefentby. beleeue that-hec 
v9 sither; -flaine sor ‘forely >woundeds and remerh- 
bring hianeHe of bis! liquor , hee. tooke out his oyle 
pot» ahd fet: it toi his mouth: to dsinke., but. cre he 
auld sgke.as otich asihee. thought was requifite: to 
cure his howth,, | chee commeth: anovhes Almera which 
Rrucke hin fo: full yppons che hand swdoyle por: as it 
broke it-into pectes, and catryed away with itbefi ides 
hie chug of his cheeke ha ya mo gata 
rule yery Sarely, mid -of : hisfngets. « Sudh was the 
: franc ake badlneryt rng ae posre. ‘Knight 


_ Was 


—— nee ete ee 


150 


- The delight full Hiftorie of the - Paan3. 


ae eee 
was confirained to fall downe off his horfe. And the 
Sheep-heards arriuing did verily beleeue they had flaine 
him; and therefore gathering their flocke together with 
all {peede, and carrying away their dead Muttons, which 
were more then fcuen,they went away without verifying 
the matter any further. 

Sanche remained all this while on the height, behol- 
ding his Mafters follies,pulling the haires of his beard for 
_yery defpite, and curfed the houre and moment wherein 
hee fir knew him ; but feeing him ouerthrowneto the 
earth, and the Sheep-heards fied away , hee came downe 
to him, and found him in very badde taking, yet had hee 
not quite loft the v{¢ of his fenfes, to whom he faid, Did 
not I bidde you Sit Knight returne, and told you that you 
- wentnettoinuade an army of men,but a flocke of fheep, 

That theefe the wifeman who is mine aduerfary, th 
' Don--Quixete, can counterfait, andmake men to hhetbe 
fuch,or yanifh away as he pleafeth for Sanche thou onch- 
teft te know, that it is a very cafe thing for thofe kinde of 
men, to make vs feerme what they pleafe , and this CAf«- 
ligne that perfecureth mee, enuying the glory which hee 
faw T was like to acquire in this bareaide ', hatn conuerted 
the enemies {quadrons into Sheepe; andifthou wilt noe 
beleeuc me Senebe, yet doe one thing for my foke, that 
thou tmaieft remoue thine errour , and perceiue-the truth 
which I affirme y Bet vp on thine -Afic and follow them |i 
faire and foftly aladfe, and thou flisk foe tharss feone as| 
| they are parted any diftance from hence, they will mrne 
: co their firft forme, and leauing to be fheepe, wil become |; 
men, as rightand firgight as J painted themso thee atthe} 
fnft, but goe notnew for 3 baue needs of thyhelpe and | 
affiflance, draw nearerto me and fea, how many checke |: 
teeth and others J: want , for mec thinks there isnot one | 
left in my mouth. With that Sexche approched feneare, | 
that he laid almofi his eyes on his Maflers mouth , and it | 


was init a8 the time that the Ba//Qaeaenhed now. wrought |: 
his : 


Pant. 3. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


his effet in Don- Quixote his tomacke , and at the very 

feafon that Saxche went about to looke into his mouth, 

he difgorged all that he-had in his Romacke,with as great 

violence as it had beene (hot out of a Musket , inf in his 

compaffiue Squires beard. O holy Mother AZary, quoth 

Sancho, what is chis that hath befallen mee , the poore 

man is mortally wounded without doubt, for hee vomi- 

teth vp bloud at his mouth, But looking alittle nearer to 

it, hee perceiued in the colour and fmell that it was not 

. | bloud, but the Bal/amans ofhis Mafters oile-botele, wher- 

at hee inftantly tooke fuch a loathing , that his flomacke 

likewife curned , and hee vomited out his very bowels al- 

moft, all in his Mafters face. And fo they both remained 

like Pearles, Soone after, Sanche ranne to his Afle to 

take fomewhat tocleare himfelfe , and to cure his Lord 

out.of his wallet,which when he found *wanting,he was | * rreuing left 
| 


ready to runne out of his wits : there hee beganne a new | bebinde bim in 
to ctirfe himfelfe, and made a firme refolution in minde, | the Jane when 
that he would lesue his Mafler and curne to his Countrey ey od methine, | 
againe, although he were {ure both to loofe his wages, | 4, tiiedeme, é 
and the hope of the Gouernment of the promifed IMand. 

By this Don- Owixete arofe, and fetting his left hand 
co his mouth, that the reft of his teeth might not fall out, 
he caught hold onthe raignes of Roxévantes bridle with 
the other, who had neuer ftird from his Mafier's (fuch 8 
was his leyalcie and good nature.) hee went towards his = 
Squire, that leaned ypen his Affe, with his hand ynder his 
cheeke, like one penfatiue and malecontent. And Den- 
Quixote {ecing of him in that guife, with fuch fignes of 
fadnefle , faid vnto him. Know Sanche that one man is 
not more then another, if he doc not more then another. 
All thofe flormes that fall on vs are arguments that the 
time will waxecalme very foone, and that things will 
haue better fucceffe hereafter,for itis not pofhble that ei- 
ther good or ill be durable. And hence wee may collect 


that our misfortunes hauing lafted fo- long; our fortune 
Ta ee and 


Qa 


eer ler? 


The aelight/ull Hiflorieof the .P ant.3. 


152 


ae es a ee 
and weale mult bee likewife neare. And chereforerhou 
oughtelt not thus to affiict thy felfe for the difgraces that 
befallmze, feeingno part cf them fall cothy lot. How 
not, quoth Sanche? was hee whom they tofied yelterday 
in the couerlet by fortune , any other mans Sonne then 
my Fathers ?and the wallec that. F wanttoday, with-all | 
my prouifion, wasit any others then mine owne? what 
doeli thou wane thy wallet Sancho? quoth Dos- Quixote. 
[, that 1 doc, quoth hee, In chat manner replyed Doa- 
Quixote, wee have nothing left vs to cate to day 2 that 
} would be fo, quoth Sanoho,if we couldnot fndeamone 
thefe ficlds the hearbs. which. | haué heard you thy you 
know, wherewithal] fuch vnlucky Knightserrant as you, 
are wor to fupply like necdes. For gl] that, quoth ‘Dov. 
Quote, L waeuld rather have nay adpuarter of aloafe,or 
a cake aud oye pilchers haads, then. ad the: hearbs chat 
Diofcorides deferibcth ; although they:cameiglofed by 
Dodter Laguna himlelfe., But- yet. for oll shes pet vpon 
thy beaft Sagcho che good,,and follow ave:,. forGod who 
is the. prowider, for: all creacares »wilinbp fades s;:.And 
principally {ccing we dae.a.workeloesdatlyapiisdrbice 
as we doc, feeing he doeth-nat gbandon the fitch: flies of | 
the aire, ner the wetmelings of cheeasth, nat the fpawne | 
lings of the water, , And he is fo mercifall chiat lor'pradecth | 
his Sanne, fhime oa the gaqd and cheleutllo:aad raises wi 
fnnersand jul men..-You, were aweh fiers quoediSes | 
cho, to bea Preacher, then fora knight gerdot. Kuiebrs 4 
errant knew and ought to know fomewhet of all things, | 
quorh 2) pn- Quivare., For share pakbeenes Knipt-cr- | 
rant in tuncs palt,y:ho woukbmakeg Serman or dikcotirfe| 
- . | in the midit of a campe rial, with as good araccas if hee; 
were graduated in the Vaniueslity of Pras s byswhich we 
may gather thatthe.Lance neuer dulled the Pen, rror-the 
Penthe Lance. -Wellthen, quoth Sancho, let inbeas you |. 
haue faid, and lec vs departherice, aud procurctofinde a 
lodging for this night, where, I pray God, may be-noco- 


ee Pe a 


~———o 


| PARY.3. — -wéstie Knight Don-Quixote. | 


uerjets arid-toffers, norSpirics', nor inchanted Modres, | 
for if chere bee, Ile beftow the flocke and the hooke on | 
} the Diucll. Demaund that of God Sonne Sancho,quoth 3 
Don- Onixore , and \eade me where thou pleafett, tor T 
will leaue the eleétign of our lodging to thy choice for | 
this time : yet I pray thee ‘pitte'ntet thy hand, and feele 
how many checketeesbor others: 1s. wase.tir, this righy 
fide of the vpper jaw, for there } tcele moffpaine. S an. 
choput in his fingers, and whileit he felt him, demanded 
how many cheeke teeth were you acenftomed ty haue on 
this fide? foure, quoth hee, befides thehindermof; all 
of them-véry® Whole ime foand, ‘See whl che yoy 


Sir, 'quoth SaWeber ‘TRyfoure |, quot Dak Quixobey if 
they-were not fie sfor-F never if my’ tifel deg wor loa 
any gootli) Tertchath bny Gillen‘or bectre ay ornre-catgni, 
OF andra p dag ebentnl:> WV thith , “qtr: be, gon 


banat cite zinta: necher eat dae WHerdheerke tecth and a 
halfe; amd! inothe: wiper sneHer a: Hale HOP aay’ 
for ail chere:4s ‘nd: plaihe 98 eheDpahhe ‘of hy Hahdy: Vir- 
fottumse 14 quate D a7-Bitivoie) heating che forrow: 
felt ric wesshuriiy Sankt toh lohim bor Fhad tas 
thér lgoft BiseoPaiin’d ahd; WD ic Were nUerebat St 
thy: Gord. Ror: Sancho’ hots tuft wit ¢ {hata Ysonth | 
Wickngst cheekeit eth: is thee cMiltwithont a milfione : 
snkdca esoth-is titel trio) ed bed eltterieg then’ a Dink | 
7 


en atiagiinn Tend wopdano asc enib 302s G45 | 
| But wee whicli profelte the tistroits Lawes Pr AtNGS, | 
are fubicdt to all ehefe difafters, wherefott thount ventle 
fret and gine the way; fot Iwill folldw thie what pace 
thons::plealelit 1S antibo obeyed; anid! thade the way 
Where hed ehouele hee mivht 'frnde 1ddping 5 'tvichout | 
| 


kading the: high way. Which was there very much bea- |, 
fem Aadvore thupby fictlt arid little (for Dbs- Quixote 
his paine of his janes did tot fiflerhitirctt; oranake | 
ae wae) a pete su Th ee, ‘ds | 
 Bermuch! eee co ditdredyichim and divert | 


| bis thought by faying fomethings Neganne to aboord | 


ceaieed 


153 


ee EE ee 
t 


154. The delightful Hiflorie ofthe Pant.3. | 


him in the forme we meane to rehearfe in the Chapter 
enfuing. 


| C UA P. V. ; : 
Of the difereet difcourfes. pafed betweene Sancho 
pe his Lord: with the aducnture [ucceeding of a 
(dead body : and other sotable OccArr ences. ; 


2 E thinks, goodSir, chat all the mitha 

: that befell vs thele dayes paft, are aio 
m@ 2ny doubt in punifhapent of the finne you 
29) fy commited againft the order of Knight- 


the Helmet of (Malendrine, of I know not how the 
Moore is; called , for, I haue forgotteshigname.  Thes 
faic right Sancho, quoth Dew- Quixote , but sotell the 
truth in deede , I did wholly forges it : and chou maicft 
likewifethinke certainly, chat becaufe theu dideft not re- 
member.it to mecin time , thatef the couerlet was infli- | 
&ed asa punifhment on thee. But I willmake amends, 
for we have alfo manners of reconciliation for all things 
| inthe order of Knighthood. Why did I by chance {weare 
| anything, quoth Sancho? it liccledanports , quoth Der- 
' Quixote , shatthon had nor fwarne., let it {ufice that] 
‘know thou art not very cleare from the faule of an accel 
fary. And therefore at all-aduentures it will not bee ill to 
prouide a remedy. If it bee fo, quoth Sancho, be- 
ware you doe not forget this againe , as you did that of 
the.Oath, for if you fhould, perhaps thofe fpirits will |- 
take againe a fancy to folacethemfelues with mee, and 


easter | 
Me a gee 


P AR 1.3. wittie Knight Don-Quixete. 
peraduenture with you your felfe, if they fee you obfii- 
nate. : _— 

Being in thefe and other fuch difcourfes ,. che night o- 
wertooke them in the way , before they could difcouera- 
ny lodging , and that which was worft of all, they were 

tfamitht with hunger, for by the loffe of their wal- 
lets , they loft at once both their prouifion and warder- 
houfe. Andto accomplith wholly this difgrace, there 
fucceeded acertaine aduenture , which certainly hapned 
as wee lay it downe without any addition inthe world, 
and was this; the night did fhut yppe with fome darke- 
neffe, yet er nao crm Nee travailed on till, Sanche 
beleening that fince chat was the highway, there muff be 
within ¢ league or two in all reafon fome Inne. Trauai- 
ling therefore as Fhawe faid, m a'darke night , the Squire 
being hungry, and the Mafter hauing 2 good ftomacke, 
theyfaw comming towards them in the very waythe 
trauated, a-preat multitude oflights,cefembling norhin 
fo well as wandéring flarres.. Seacho beholding them 
was fracke into a wonderfull amazement, and his Lord 
was not much Better. The one drew his Affe halter; the 
other-heid his horfe, ‘and Borh of them floode fill, behol- 


a 
Sanche did tre ‘one mfected by the. fauour of 
QuickBhier; and Diws Puivetes Haire did fland vp like 
briftles, who animating himfelfe a little, faid, Sanche this 
muftbe: queftionictie a preat amd moft dangerous aduen- | 
tire, whereft it is requifite that I flew all my valour and 
Rrenpely.> Vitorronacé.1, quoth Sancho, ifby chance this |. 
aduenture wereof Ghofts, as it feemeth to me that itis, | 
where will there bee ribbes to fiffer it ?bee they neuer fo 
greet Ghofts , faid Den- Daixete , 1 will not confent that 
Yitytouch one haire.of thy garment: Ror if they. iefted 
With chee the other time, it was becaufeI could not leape | 

over 


——_—- 


146 


+ - Dam menbedeninne acme arene nly 


Ag The delightfulk Hiftorie of | of the Ps BT 43%, 


ouer the walles of the yard , but now wee are in plaine 
field where I may brandith my {word as I pleafe. Andif 
they’ inchans and benumme,yau.as they did the other time 
quoth Sancho , what willit chen. -attajle vs to. bee im open 
held or no? Hor all that replyed Don- sluixote, I pray thee 
Sancho bee of good courage, experience fhall fhew | 
thee how great. magpie ts 5 I will,apd, pleafe,God, | 
gnoth Sansbo, apd | departing Lamewhat our of the 
way, they Beganneagaine.to, view carnefly whar that of 
be trauziling ligbrs: might hee; . and aftes a very little 
Pac they ¢ ied many vlarerbegs ale dreadfull vi- 
fons’ dida an,that Wer infaot enacts de Sancha Page his 
courage, an daa nasi Ewith his teeth, bike: 
one that had the te ies PRESSE they did 
diflingtlyperceiug what at e Sepnieoren and 
chattering « of Gah increal Seti ‘abour 
fomieswenty alfcque ae with iN Bibd b febashe 1 NR. 
Tapers lighting she msn sty ie 
ter couered aucr with blacke,, an eat other-fixe 
a ‘hosfe-backe , ; ature 12, mows and likewile-theic 
eae ules, sucnt tt restr F| for, sheyipesgeiued, that: 


Pied €§ slices then pase. Khe 
bite f Ike, rode an pie i orRTiiat,Agrog, thane 
felues with a low and compaliye vpice,, Warich Arasge | 
viGion, af fuchan, JOULE ‘p lacks apt iphabytod, was. 
very (offisiciis ice Subchasbeart andenet. 
inshis, ca Bi shen Qeas- Diz 


xote but Seach ss ile lereanid shere y being gs ite a-. 
verthrowne with terrour. The, copmasy, .bapned to, his 
Lo di wham in thar fame, bourse imagisaionyrer. 
presented, ee n, DAO! lively « she-aduensure ythexsis 
| hee wag! bie ick 1A OAC. as hee oftignes. bag road in bis 
| bockesof! Chiyalry, For itis figured yata hie , that the | 
litter wes becre, mpercia, was Carryed fomegrienawtly 

wounded ondead Knig pocwhafe. revenge vas only ter 
ferped for him.. And without snaking qny-orhey sitonle 


Paxr.3. wittie Knight Don-Quixete. 


hee fet his Launce in the ref, feated himfeife furcly in his 
faddle , and put himfelfe in the middeft of the way by | 


which che white folke mutt forcibly paffe, with great {pi- 
ritand courage, And when he faw them draw neare,he 


faid with alowde voice: ftand Sir Knight, whofoeuer you : 


| 
be, and render me account what you are ?from whence 
| youcome ? where you goe ? and what chat is which you 
| carry-in that beere ? for according as you thew, either you 
haue done to others, or others ta you fome iniury. And it 
is commenient and necedfull that I know it, ejtherto cba- 
Alice you forthe il] you hauecémitted, or elfe toreuenge 


quoth one of the white men, anid the Inne is farre off,and 


the bridleand held him, faying, flay prowde Knight, and 
] bee better mannérd another time, and give mi¢e account 
| ofshat which I demanded, if not, I defie you all to mor- 
tall baceatle. The Mule whereon the white man rode was 


? 


fomewhat ‘fearefill and skiteifh’, and being taken thus 


im therefl, runpevpon one of the miourners, and threw : 


the reft, it was a thing worthy the noting with what dex- 
terity he did affault ,‘brcakevpon chem, snd put them all | 


and couragion(ly, 


you of the wrong which) yqu haue fuffered, we are inhaft | 


therefore cannot expect to give fo full relation as you re- ' 
queit, and with chat {purring his Mule, paffed forward. : 
Don- Quixote, highly difdayning at the anfwere,tooke by 


rudely by the bridle, thedtop¥¢ fuch afijght’, that rifttic 
yp on herhihdér ieoges, fee viihorfed her Riders one of 
tise Lackeyesthat came with them feeing bim fallen, be-' 
annetorenile Don- Quixote, who being by this through. ; 
9 enraged, without any more adoe , putting his Launce 


him to the ground very fore wounded : and turning vpon } 


to Might, and it feerhed none other, burthat Roxinante| 
had gotten then ‘wings, hee beftirred himfelfe fo nimbly | 


~ All-chofe white men were fearefull people , and vnar- | 
med,and theretore fled away from the skirmith in 2 trice, |. 
and beganne to trauerfe that Reld- with their Tapers é sh 


157 


The delightful Hiftorie ofthe — Pant.3. | 


ting , that they feemed to bee maskers that vfe to runne 

vp and downe in nights of Ioue and recreation. The 
mourners likewife werefo lapped vp and muffled, by their 
mourning weedes as they could fcarce ftirre them, fo that 
Don- Quixote did without any danger of his perfon giue 
| them allthe Baffonado. And caufed them to forfake cheir 
roomes whether they would or.no, for allof them did ve- 
rily chinke that he was.no man buca Diuell of hell, thar 
met them to take away the dead body which they carried 
inthe litter, All this did Sawcho behold,maruailoufly ad- 
mired at his Mafters boldnes, which made him fay to him- 
(elf, my mafter is infallibly as rong and valiant as he faid. 
There lay on the ground by him whom his Mule had 
fir ouerthrowne, a waxe Taper Rillburning , by whofe 
| light, Dow: Quixote perceiued him, and comming ouerto 
him,he Jaid the poiat of his Launce i his face, faying, 
that he fhould render himdfelfe, or elfe he would flay him, 
4 To which the other anfwered,] am already rendred more 
then enough, feeing I cannot ftirre mee out-of the place, 
for one of my legges is broken. And if you be a Chriftian, 
| Idefire you not to kill mee, for therein you weuld com- 
| mit aereat facriledge, I being a Licenciate, and haue re- 
ceiued the fir Orders. Well then, quoth Den-Duixote, 
| what Diuell brought thee hither being a Church-man? 
Who Sir replied the .ouerthrowae but my misfortune ? 
yetdoth a preaterthreacen thee, faid Das- Quixote, it 
thou doef not fatisfie me inall that which I firt deman- 
4 ded of thee. You fhall eafily be fatisfied,quoth the Licen- 
ciate, and therefore you fhall wic,that although fielt ofall 
I {aid I was a Licenciate, 1 am none, but aBatcheler, and 
\ amcalled eAlenfe Lopex, borne at Alconendas., and ] 
came from the Citty of Baeca, with eleuen other Prichs, 
which are thofe that fled away with the Tapers; we tra- 
uailed towards Segomia, accompanying the dead ‘body 
that lies.inthat litter of a. certaine Gentleman whe dyed 
in Baeca, and was there depofited fora while, and-now as 


] 


wittie Knight Don-Quzxote, 


PART.3. 


I fay, we carry his bones to his place of burial, which is in 
Segonia, the place of his birth.And who killed him,quoth 
Don- Quixote? God, quoththe Batcheler , with certaine 
peftilentiall feaners that he tooke. In that manner, quoth 
Don- Quixote, our Lord hath delivered mee fromthe 
paines I would haue taken ro revenge his death, if any 


there isno other remedy buefilence , and to lift vp the 
fhoulders, for the fame I muft my felfe haue done , if hee 
were likewife pleafed to flea me. And I would hate your 
reuerence to vnderitand, that lam a Knight of the AZan- 
cha, called Don. Quixore, andmine office and cxercife is 
to goe throughout the world righting of wrongs, and 
vadoing of iniuries, F cannot ynderttand how that can 
be of righting wrongs, quoth the Batcheler, feeing you 
haue made ine who was right before , now vcry crooked 
by breakiny of my lege, which can neuerbe righted a- 
gaine,astong as } Hiue,and the iniuty which you haue vn- 
done in me, is none other but to leave me é iniuricd, as 
I fhall remaine iniutied for cucr. Andit was verygrcat | 
difuenture to haue encountr¢d wil you, that goc about | 
tofecaduentures. Allthings, quoth Dos-Quixote, fuc | 
ceede not of one fafhion: the hurt was Matter Batcheler 
ef lonfo Lopez , that youtrauailed thus by night couered 
with thofe Surplices, withtburning Tapers, and coucred 
with weedas of dole, fo that you appeared moft properly 
fome badde thing, and of the other world, and fo Tcould 
not ornit to fulfill my duty, by affaulting you, which ] 
would hawe done although J verily kuew you to bee the 
Sathanschemlelucs of hell, - Por, for fuch I‘iudged and 
accounted you ever till now, - a 
Then fincemy badde fortune hath fo difpofed it,cuoth 
the Batchcler, Fdefire you good Sir Knight errant ( who 
hath giuen me fo cuillan errant) that you will helpe me | 
to get vp from vnder this Mule , who holds ftill my legge ¢ 


vintill 
i nn 


other had flaine him. But having kala hin, he that did ir, | 


betwixt the Rtirrop and faddle. I-would hane aid talking t | 


EES lUlLlt—<“i—CS 


1603 | The delightfull Hifforie of the PaRr.3- | 


\ 
‘ 


| vntil co morrow morning, quoth Don-Quixore,and why | 
did you expect {o long to declare your gricfe to me ? he 
 prefently called to Sancho Panca to come ouer : but hee 
had little minde to doe, for hec was otherwifc itmployed, 
ranfacking ofa fumpture Mule, which thofe good folke 
brought with them, well furnifhed with belly ware, San- 
cho made a bagce of his Cafacke, and catching all that he 
might, or could containe, he laid it on his beatt, and then 
prefently after repaired to his Mafter , and holpe to deli- 
uer the good Batcheler from the oppreffion of his Mule. 
‘And mounting himagaine on it, he gaue him his Taper, 
and Don. Quixote ade him to follow. his fellowes, of 
whom he fhould defire pardon in his naing,tor the wrong 
hee had dopethem. For it lay net ia his handsto haue } 
done the contrary. Sancho faid to him alfo,if thofe Gen- | 
tlemen would by chance know, who the valorons Kujgbt 
is, that hath vfed them thus, you may fay vnco them:that 
hee is the famous Don- Quixote of (Mancha , otherwile 
called the Knight ofthe L/faneurd face. 
With this the Batcheler departed , and Don- Quixote 
demaunded of Sancho, what had moued him to call him 
the Knight of the Ilfauonred face, more at that time, then 
at any other ?1 willtell you that, quoth Sanche ; I ftood 
beholding of youa pretty while by the Taper light,which 
that vnlucky man carrieth, and truly you haue one of the 
euill-fauourcd(t countenances of late, that ever I faw. 
Which either proceedeth of your being tyred after this 
battaile, ot clfe through the loffe of your teeth, That is 
not thercafon, faid Don-Quixete, But rather, it hath 
feemed fit tothe wife man, to whofe charge is left the 
writing of my Hiflory that take fome appellatiue name, 
as allthe other Knights of yore haue done : for one cal- 
led himfelfe , The Knight of the burning fword. Another 
that of the Vuicorne, this, him of the Phanix, The other, 
that of the Damxels, Another the Knight of the gies 
And fome other the Khighs of Death, and by thefe names 


and | 


— 


—-——w 


— tee 
A ve sf = —— 
7 ee 


ad 
2 ‘ — vy ee 2 


| Parr. 3- wittie Knight Don-Quixote. } 1 61 


| and deuices, they ‘were knowne throughout the comn- | 
paffe ofthe earth, And fol fay, thatthe wifeman whom ! 
Ly mentioned, fet in thy minde and tongue the thought to 
cal me she Knight of the Il fanoured face,as 1 meanc to call 
my felte tcom hencefoorth , and that the name may be- 
come me better, I will vpon the firtt occafion caufe to be 
painted in my fhield, a moft ill fauoured countenance. } 
You neede not , quoth Sascho , {pend fo much time and 
money jn hauing the like countenance painted ; burthat 
which you may more eafilydoe,is,to dilcouer yourownc, 
and.looke dire&tly on thofe that behold you, and I will 
warrant you, that without any more adoe, or new pain- 
ting in your fhield, they will call you; him of the Jl fanon- 

: ua face. . Aad let this be faid in ieft, chat hunger and the 

| want of your teeth, haue giuen you, as ] haue faid , fo e- 
uill fanenred a face, <s youmay wellexcufe all other hea- 
uy portraitures, Don- Quixote laught at his Squires con- 
ceit, and yet neuerthelefic he purpofed to call himifelfe by 
that name,as foone as ever he fhould haue commodity to 
paint hisfhield, orbuckler, Andafter hee had paufed a 
while, he {aid to Sancho, I beleeue Sancho that I am ex- 
communicated, for hauing laid violent hands vpon a con- 
fecrated thing. * Jnxta idud : fi quis fuadente diabolo, OC. | © Cenen.9s.Di. 
Although I am certaine } laid not my hands vpon him, | find. 134. 
but only this Iaueline : and befides did not any way fu- 

(pest that 1 offended Priefts or Church men, which I doe 

refpedt and honour as a Catholhke and faithfull Christian; 

but rather that chey were fhadowes and {pirits of the o- 

ther world. And ifthe worft hapned:, I remember well 

that which befell the Cid Ruy Dsaz, when he broke that 

other Kings Embaffadours chaire before the Popes holi- 

nefle, for which he excommunicated him , and yet for all 

that the good Redericke Vimar behaued himfelfe that day 

like an honourable and valiant Knight. | | 


About this time the Barcheler departed , as is faid, 
without fpeaking a word, and Den- Quixote would ia 
: paue 
a a A 


a 


62 


The delightfull Hifforteaf the .P.aX.3. | 


| 
Laue feene whether the corps that came in the littcr, was 
bones or no, but Sancho would not permit him , faying, 
Sir, you haue finifhed this perilous aducnture, moft with | 
your fafety of any one of thofe Thane focne.- Fhis people f 
, although overcome and fcattered., might perhaps fall in |, 
the confideration, that he wha-hath buctcome them istbur | 
one perfon alone, and growing: afhamned thereof, would 
perhaps ioyne and vnite themfclues , andturne vpon ys, | 
_and giue vs enough bufinefle to doe. The Affeiis in, good |, 
i plight according to any: defite, andthe movntayne at 
‘ hand, and: hung et oppreffeth va;:therefore wechauero- | 
thing elfe to doe at this time, butrctire our f clues'with a | 
good pace, and as itis {aid, to the grame with the dead, and 
let them line tathebread, And pricking on his Affeshe te-' 
qucfted his Mafler co follaw him 5: who feein that: Sax. : 
cho {poke riot without seafanjhedpard after bim Mithdtte t 
replying. And having trauailed a litle way, betweéne 
two {mall mountaincs chey fotind alarge and hidden val- 
ley, where they alighted , and. Sawebe lighting his beaft; | 
and lying bothalong vporithe greenc grafic; -holpcii: by 
the fauce of lutnget, theybrokeuheir Pals y:dited-, ace | 
their beauer ,:and fupperallat onetime; fatisfyine thelr 
appctices with aidre then oné difhofcold meate , which 
the dead Gentlemans Chaplaines :( which knew: haw to |, 
make much of themfelues). had brought for their prouiti- | 
on, But here fucceeded another dif{camodity which Siz | 
cho.accountcd notas the feaft, and was, that they had ne |; 
wineto drinke; no, nor as muchasadroppe of water to | 
‘rinfe their n-outhes, and being fcorched with drought, 
Sancho percejuing the field where th ey.were full of thicke 
and grcene grafie , laid: that which. fhall-enfue in the | 
Chapter following.” Se 


- - 


a 


TM ee a eK 


CHAP. |. 


PART. 3. . wittte Knight Don-Quixote. 


; C HA P. V I. . 
Of a wonderfull aduenture, atcbicucd with leffe ha- - 
dn xara, themener any other. Kwizht-did any., by the: 
{ei valorans Dion-Quixoteof Mancha. i 


me meg 1 isnot poffible my Lord, bur tharthefe 
| Pst? , grcene hearbs doc arguc, that neere ynto 
irre this place mufl bee fome Fountayne or 
ROK, Arcame thacwarercth them,and- therefore 
te EA® I pray you ler. vs poe a lithe farther, and 
‘wee fhait meete chat:which may mitigate the terrible 
{-chicft chat affli€ts vs.,; which fets vs.queftionicfle.in more 
| paiste then did our htnger. “This counfell was alowed: 
( y Dow» Quinere, aad therefore leadine Reainante by the 
btidle, anid Sancho his Affe by the-haleev.; after'laying vp. 
the reverfion of their fupper, they fet on through the 
{ plaisie, onely guided by their ghefle, for the night was fo 
| datke as they could. not fee a joc, And fearce had they 
}-trayailed two hindredpaces, when they heard a preat 
goifeof water ,:asiFit fell headlong from fone great-aiid 
q Meepe.rocke. The noife did cheare them very much, and 
flanding toheare from whence it founded, they heard yn- 
,awates another noife ; which watered all the continent; } 
they conceiued befare, {pecially in Sancho, whoas have’ 
noted was naturally very fearetulf and offlictle fpiric. They. 
heard.J. fay certaine. blowes ftrucken with proportion, 
with a kinde of ratling of yrons and chaines, which ac- 
companied by the furious foundofthe water,might ftrike 


t 


terfour iitoiany other heartbur Dow-Duirotes, _ 

_ The night-as we faid wasidarke, and they hapnedto 
enter in among certaine tall and loftie trees, whofe Icaues 
moucd by a foft gale of wind , made a fearefull nel 


neyfe. So that the folitude, fituation, darkneffe and the 
noyfe pf she water and trembling of theleaues , concut- 


The delightful Hiftorie of the Panr.3. 


ring did breede horrour and afftight. But {pecially fee~ 
ing that the blowes neucr ceafed, the wind flept not,nor: 
the morning approached; whereunto may be added that 
they know not the place where they were. But “Don- 
Quixote accompanied with his valiant heart , leaped of 
Roxivante,and embracing bis Buckler, brandifhed his 
‘* Launce and faid. Friend Saneho,1 would haue thee { 
“* know that I was borne by the difpofition of heauen in 
“¢ this our age of iron,to refufcitate in it that of golde, or 
*¢ the golden world as it iscalled. J am hee for whom 
© are referued all dangerous,great,and valorous feats, 1: 

*¢ fay againe that I am he which fhall {et vp againe thofe’ 
ag of the Round T able,the twelue peeres of Fraunce,and the 
“¢ usne worthtes. Tam he who thal caufe the aes to be 
4 forgotten of thofe Platires, Tablantes,O limantes, &T i- 
“rantes, The Phebuffes, Beliamfes, with all the crew of 
| ©¢ the famous Knights errant of times paft, doing in this 
“¢ wherin J liue fuch great and wonderfull feats of armes, 
“as fhall ob(cure the braueft that euer they atchieued.. 


» 


“¢ Thou noteft well faithful and loyal Squire , the derke- 
‘| nes of this night,the {trange filence, the deafeand ¢ori- 
"|  fufed trembling of thefetrees, the: dreadful noyle of 
“* chat water in whofe fearch we come, which feetnes to. 
© throw it felfe headlong downe from the fleepe moun. 
“taines of the Moone., the inceaflable blowes Which 
4 doth fill wound our eares,all: which together , and e-. 
{ “ uery oneapart, are able toftrike terrour, feare , and a- 
{ “mazementintoth¢ very minde of Afars, how-much 
“* more in his that is not accuftomed to the hike chances 
4 ‘Sand aduentures, Yet allthis which I. haue depainted 
| “to thee are inciters and rowfers of my minde, which 
| “Snow caufcth roy heart almoft to burft-in my breaft, 
© wich the defire it hath to trie this aduenture, how diffi- 
‘* cult focuer it fhewes it felfe, Wherefore tie my horfe 
** pyrts a little firdighter,and farewell : herein this place 
“thou maycft expe mee three dayes and no more, And 
. oc 


E> arr. 3. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


© af I fal noc returne in that fpace,thou mayeft go backe 


** to our village,and from thence ( for my fake)ro Tobof, 
* where thou fhalt fay to my incomparable Lady Dulei- 
“ se@a,that her captiue Knight died , by attempting things 


“that might make him worthy to be called hers. 


When Sancho heard his Lord fpeake thefe wordes, he 
began to weepe with the greateft compaffion of the 
world, and fay vnto him, Sir , I fee noreafon why ycu 
fhould vindertake this fearefull aduenture : it is now 
night, and no body can perceiue vs, wee may very wel! 
croffe the way , & apart our felues from danger,although 
Wwe fhould therefore want drinke thefe three dayes, And 
fecing none behold vs,there will be much leffe any one te 
take notice of our cowardize; the rather becaufe ] heard 
oftatimes the Curate of ourVillage whom you know ve- 
ry Well,preach Thas he which feekes the danger perifoeth 
sberein ; {o that, it is not good to tempt God, vndertaking 
fuch a huge affaire , out of which you cannot efcape, but 

Y miracle: and let thofe which heauen hath already 
Wrought for you fuffice , in deliuering you from being 
toftin a Couerlet,as I was,and bringing you away a Vi- 
Cterr free, and fafe, ftom among fo many enemies , as ac- 
COmmpanied the dead man. And when all this thall not 


‘Mouc or foften your hard heart, let this moue it,to thinke 
and certainly beleeue , that {carce fhall you depart from | 


this place, when through very feare I fhall giue vp my 
foule to him that pleafeth to take it. I left my countrey, 
wife,and children to come and ferue you,hoping thereby 
tobe worth more and not leffe : but as coneton{neffe 
breakes the facke, fohath italfo torne my hopes , feeing 
when they were moft pregnant and liuely to obtain that 


vnlucky and accurfed Ifland, which you promifed mee fo | 


often : I fee that in exchange and pay thereof you meane 
to forfake mee here ina defart , out of all frequentation, 
For Gods fake doenot mee fuch a wrong my Lord; and 


| if you will not wholy defiftfrom your purpofe,yet deferr 
| M 


¢ 
3 it 


a a ee ee 


166 


ic at lealt till the morning, for as my little skill that I lear” 
ned when I was a fheep-hcard, celleth ine, the dawning is: 
not three houres. off, “for the mouth of the ith is oucr the 
lead and maketh mid-night in the line of the left arme. : 
How canftthou Sancho, quoth Don-Qnixete, {ce where | 
isthelime , orthat mouth, or thartaile, of which thou 
focakeft, feeing the night is fo darke that one flatre alane | 
appearetirnot ? that is true, quoth Sancho, but feare hath 
eyes, which can fee things vnder the grourd, and much 
morcinthe skics, Andbefides, we may eather by good 
difcourfe,that the day is not farre off. Let it be as little off 
asitlifs, quoth Don- Quixore, it fhall neuer bee recorded 
of ince that cither tearcs or prayers could cucr diflwade 
tne from performing the duty ofa Knight, and therefore 
cood Sancho hold thy peace, for God who hath infpired 
me to attempt this vnfcenc and fearcfull aduenture, will 
haue an eyeto my wealc,and allo to comfort thy forrow, 
And that thou haft therefore todoe, is tomake firaighit 
iny gyrts, andremaine here, forI will rcturne fhortly ci- 
her aliuc or dead, — oS se 
~~ Saz.clo perceiving his Lérds lat rcfolution , and how 
hae lis teares, cownlailes, or prayers, cou'd availe,refol- 
ted to profit hinifeife a little of his wit, and make him if 
hee cculd ta expeet yntill day, and fo when kee did fafier 
the gs rts, hee foftly without being felt ticd lis Affes hal- 
ter to both Rezinantes leaces fo (al tharwhen Dox- 
| Quixcte thought to dcpart ke could not for that his horfe 
could not goe a flepp>, butleaping, Sancho {cing the 
good ficecfle of his cuile; fuid, behold Sir, how heaven 
| meucd by my tearesand prayers, hath ordained that Ro- | 
| amantefhouldnotgoea ficppe, and if youwilbec fill) 
contencing, and fpurring, and friking bir, you wil! dee 
vathirg bue inrage fortune, and as the proucrbe fics, 
But [purne againfi the pricke, Dene Quixste orew wocce | 
at this, aid yetthe morc he fpuricd him, he was the Iefle | 
| 
| 


* Porque la boca 
dela boztiia cfla 
inciaa dela Cém 
beca. p.168. 


“N 


* 


The delight {ul Hiftorie of the Parr, 3. 


avleto goc, wherefore without percciuing the conte & 
be 


=--- eS “° -_ = 25 ae 


i Narr oe ne ee ee + ee 3 z 


a co ne ee sed 
- : . Eke _ 
hina x oe age | Ce 


ry 


| Parr.3.° wrttie Knight Don-Quixote. | 16 


‘is horfes flay, herefolued at laftto be quiet, and expect 
ither cll the morning,or clfe till Rozinente would pleafe P 
fo depart, beleeuing verily chat the impediment eame of | | 
ome othercaufe, and not from Sasche, and therefore | 
aid vnto him, Since it is fo Sancho, that Roxsnante can- 

not flirre him, I am content to tarry till che dawning, al- 

though her tardineffe coft me fome teares, You fhall haue 

no caufe to weepe replyed Sancho, for 1 willemtertaine 
you telling of Hiftories vntill it be day , if you will not a- 

light and take a nap vpon thefe pore hearbs,as Knights 

errant are wont; that you may be the frefher and better 

able to morrow to attempt that monftrous acucnture 

which you expe. What doeft thou call alighting , or 

fleeping, quoth Don- Quixote? am] peraduenture one of 

thofe Knights that repofe in time of danger? fleepe thou 

who waft borne to fleepe, or doe what thou pleafe , for I 

will doe that which I fhall {ce fitteft tor my pretenfe, 

Good Sir be not anery,quoth Sancho,for I did not fpeake 

with that intention : and fo drawing neare ynto him hee 

fet one ef his hands on the pomell of the faddle, and the 

other hinder in fuch fort that hee refted imbracing his 

Lords left thigh , not, daring to depart from thence the 

breadth of afinger , fuch was the fearehe had of thofe 

blowes, which all the while did found without ccafing. 

Then Don- Quixote commanded him to tell fome tale 

to paffe away the time, as he had promifed , and Sanche 

(aid he would, if the feare of thac which he heard would 

fuffer him. Yet, quoth he for all this I will encourage my 

felfe to cell you one, whereon if I can hit arighe, and that 

Ibeenot interrupted , is the be(t hiflory thac ever you 

heard, and be you attentiue for now I beginne. It was 

thatit was, the good that [hall befall be for vs all, andthe |. 

harmse for bins that fearckes it. And you mufl beaducrtle 

{ed good Sir, that the beginning that Ancient men cere : 
to their cales, was nor of ordinary things, codirwas ater | : | 
tence.ot Cato. the Romaine Conrozin : Which (aics anael- |. 


M 4 2.97 AE — fad 


168 The delight{ull Hiflorie of the P art.3. 


barme be for bins that fearches it, Which isas fit for this 
place, as aring fora finger, tothe end that you may bee 
quiet, and not to goe feeke your owne harme toany 4 
place, buc that wee curne vs another way , for no body 
7 ied rea vsto follow this, where fo many feares doe 
urprife vs. Profecute this tale Sancho,{aid Don. Quixote, 
and leaue the charge of the way we mufl goe tome. I fay 
then, quoth Saxche, that in a village of Efremadura, 
there was a prin. tigre » } would fay a Goate-heard. 
And as fay of my cale,this Goate-heard was called Lope 
Rayx: anil this Lope Raya was cnamoured of a Pafora, 
| who was called 7 orralua; the which Paffera called Tore 
ralua was Daughter to a rich heard-man, and thisrich | | 
heard-man, Ifthou celleQ thy tale Sasebo after that man- 
ner, quoth Dos- Quixete, repeating euery thiog twife 
that thou fayeft, thou wile not end it this two dayes. Tell | 
it {uccin€tly and like one of iudgement, or elfe fay no- | 
thing. Of the very fame fafhion that I tell , are all tales 
told in my Countrey , and I know not howto tell it any 
other, aor is itreafon that you fhould aske of me to make 
new cuflomes, Tell itas thou pleafet, quath Den- Dus- 
xote, for fince fortune willnet otherwife, byt that I mull 
heare thee, goe forward, So that my deare Sir of my foule | 
quoth § a , thatas I haue faid already, this Sheepe- 
heard was in lone with Torralua the Paffera, who was 2 
reund Weach, {cornefull, and drew fomewhat neare toa |. 
man, for fhee had Mochachoes , for methinkes I {ee her| 
now before myface. Belike then, quoth Dex-Quixere 
_ | thou knoweft her ? J did not know her, quoth Sascho, 
. | but hee that rold mee the tale , faid it was fo certaine and} 
true, thac 1 might when Ltold it to any other , very well! 
{weare and affirme that I had feene it all my felfe. So that 
dayes paffing and dayes comming ,the Diuell who fleepes 
* Yowetedsle | not, and * that troubles.all » Wroughtin fuch fore, as the 
annafca. loue that the Sheep-heard boreto the Pafore, turned in- 
Pag.i7ie. to man-flaughtes and ill will, and the caufe was eccor- 


_ding 
meet Gog 


——- 


PART.3. — whittie Ksight Don-Quixote, 


ding to badde tongues, a certaine quantity of little iea~ 
anfies that fhee gaue him, fuch as they paft che fine , and 
‘ame to the forbidden *, And the Sheep-heard did hate | * 4 spanifl 
her fo much after ward, chat lee was content to Icaue all | Prowerbe touch. 
that Countrey, becaufe hee would not feeher, and goe | #*g ‘heir sealon- 
where his eyes fhouk’ newer looke vpen her. Terralua fie. 
thar (aw her felfe difdamed by Lepe , did prefently loue 
him , better chen euer fhee did before : That is a natural 
condition of women , quoth Dun-Omixete, to difdaine 
thofe that loue them,and to affe&t thofe which hate them. 
Pafle forward Sancho, Ie hapned, quoth Saache, that the 
Sheep-heard fet his parpofe in execution , and garhering 
vp his Goates, he trauailed through the fields of Effrema- 
dura, to paffe into the Kingdome of Portazall. Torralua 
which knew it well foHowed him a foote and bare legoed 
a fasre off, witha pilerims Aaffe in her hand, and a wallet 
hanging ather necke , where they fay that fheecarrieda 
ia of alooking glaffe, and another of acombe, and I 
ow not what little bottle of changes for her face. But 
let her carry whet thee carries, for I will not put my felfe 
now toverifie that, Only Ile fay that they fay, thatthe 
Sheep-heard arrined with his Gone to pafie over the 
River Gaadiana , which in that feafon was {wollen very 
much, and ouerflowed the banks , and at the fide where | ' 
hee came there was neither boate nor barke , nor any to 
paffe himfelfe or his Goates over the River, for which he 
was very mach grieved , becaufe hee faw that Torralua 
came very neare, and fhee would trouble him very much | 
ith her prayersand teares. Buc he went folong looking 
vp and downe thet hee efpyed a fifher whe had fo little a | 
boate,asit could only hold one man and a Goate at once, 
and for allthat hee {poke and agreed with him to paffe | ; 
himfelfe and chree hundred Goates that hee had oucr the | - 
Riwer.. Fhe fifherman entred intothe boate, and carried 
ouer one Goate, he returned and paftouer another, and 


turned backe againe. and paft ouer another.:: Keepe vee 
| ir 


Cael 


- where 


Sir good account of the Goates, thatthe hfherman fer- | 


ries ouer ; for ifone onely be forgotten, the tale will end, 
and it will not be poffible to tell one word more of it. I 
follow onthen, andI fay, that the landing place on the 
other fide was very dirty and flippery , which made the 
fifherman {pend much time comming too and fro. Yet 
for all chat he turned for another Goate, and another,and 
another. | 
Makeaccount, quoth Don-Qajvete, that thou haft | 
paftthemall ouer, for otherwife thou wilt not make 
anend of paffing them in a whole yeares fpace. Haw 
many, laid Sancho, are already pa& over ? Whata Divell | 
know I, {aid Deow-Quixete ? Sec there that which I faid, | 
quoth Sancho, that you fhould keepe goed account. § 
‘| By Tene the.cale.is ended therefore, for there is nopaf- }. 
{| Gne forward. Howcan thatbe, faid Don- Quixote, isit | 
fo greatly of the effence of this Hittory to know the 
‘| Geates that are paft fo exactly and diftinGlly , that if one 
of the number be miffed , thou cant not follow on with 
thytale ? noSir, innofort, faid Sancho, for as foone 
as I demaunded of you to tell mee how many Goates 
paft ouer, and that you sn{wered mee you knew not, 
in that very inftamc it went from mee out of my memo- | 
ry allthat wasto bee told, and yfaith it vvas of great 
vertue and content. So then, quoth Don- Quixote, 
the tale isended ? itis as certainely ended as is my Mo- 
ther, quoth Sanche. Surely, replyed Don- Quixote , 
thou haft recounted one of the rareft tales or Hiltories 
thac anyone of the world could thinke vpon, and that 
fuch a manner of telling or finifhing a tale, wasneucr 
yetfeene or fhall bee feene.againe, although I neuer 
expeéted any other thing from thy good difcourfe. But 
I doe not greatly maruaile, for perhaps thofe fenfeleffe 
ftrokes , haue troubled thine vnderflanding. All that | 
may bee faid Sancho, but I know in the difcourfe of my 
tale there is no more to bee faid , but that there it ends, 


PART.3- wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


where the errour of counting the Goates that were waf- 

ted ouerthe riuer begins, let it end in a good houre where 

it lis, anfwered Don- Ouixote, and let vs trie whether 

Rozinante cau yct ftirre himfelfe, then did he turne againe 

‘to giuc him the fpurres, and hee to leape as he did at the 
firft and reft anew, being vnable to doe other, hee was fo 
wellfhackled. 

Ithapnedabout this time, that eyther through the 
colde of the morning , or that Sancho had caten at {upper 
fome lenatiue meates,or that it was a thing naturall (and 
that is moft credible)he had a defire co doe that which e- 
thers could not-doe for him; but fuch was the feare chat 
entred into hisheart, as free dared'not depart from his 
Lord the breadth ofa Graw : andto thinke to Icauc that 
which he had defired vndone was alfo impofible, there- 
fore his refolution in that perplexed exigent, be it fpoken 
with pardon, was this; heJofed his right hand, where- 

| withall he held faft the hinderpart of the faddle,and ther- 
withall very foftly and without any noyfe hee vntied the 
Codpicce-point , wliercwithall his breeches were oncly 
fupported , which, that being Ict flippe, did prefenit!y fall 
downce about his Iececs like a paire of bolts: aftcrthis, 
lifting vp his fhirt the beft he could , hee expofed his but. 
tockes to the ayre,which were not the Ieaft: this keine 
done, which as he thought was the chiefefl thing requi- 
fice to iflue out of thetrerrible anguifh and plurye; hee 
was fuddenly troubled with agrcater, towit, thathce 
knew not how to disburden him(cIfe without raking 3 
nuyfe: which te auoyde firfthe fhut his tceth clofe, lified 


vp his fhoulderg, ard gathered vp his breath as muchas. 


he might,yet notwithilanding all thefe d.ligences,lic was 
fo vn‘ortnnaca that he madea lide noife atthe erd,; much 
different from that which made him fo fearefull. Don- 
Quixote heard it,and faid , What noyfe is that Sancho? J 
know it nat Sir,queth he, Ichinke it befumic vew thing 


for aducnturcs, or rather difuenttresnever begin v iha | 
1 ras 
- eae eae 


é 
. 
A gs ee — thee” 
—— oo Ee GP a Ee a te. aaa ether eee ita 
Gey ete. 


_—— ~es, 


172 


The delightfallHiflerie of the P ar 1.3: | ; 


little. Then turned he once againe to trie his happe, and 
‘it fucceeded fo well that without making any rumour or 

noyfe,but tbat which he did at the firft,he found himfelfe 
free of this loading tha troubled him fo much, 

But Don- Quixote hauing the fenfe of {melling as per- 
fe€ as that of his hearing ;and Saxcho flood fo neere, or 
rather ioyned to him, as the vapours did afcend vpward, 
almoft by adirect line , he could not excufe himfelfe but 
that fome of them muftneeds touch hisnofe, And fcarce 
had they arriued but that he occurd to the yfuall remedy, 
and flopped it very well betweene his fingers, and then 
faid with a {naffling voyce; Me thinkes Sancho that thou 
art much affraid. I am indeed, replied Sancho,but wher- 
in I pray you,doe you perceiue it now more then ever?! 
In that thou{melft now more then euer, quoth Dex- 
LQaixote,and that not of Ambar. Itmay be fo’, quoth 
Sancho,yet the fault is net mine but yours , which brings 
me at fuch vnfeafonable houres , through fo defolate and 
f carefull places, I pray thee friend retire thy felfe two or 
three fteps back, quoth Den- Dwixote,holding his fingers 
Rill vpon his nofe,and from henceforth haue more care of 
| thy perfon, & of the refpe&t thou oweft to mine; for I fee 

the ouerrouch familiaricy that I vfe with thee, hath ingen- 

dred this contempt, Idare wager, quoth Sancte , that 
you thinke I haue done fomewhat with my perfon that] 
ought not. Friend Sanche,quoth Don- Qnixete , it is the ; 
worfe to ftirre it thus, And thus in thefe and fuch like ; 

| 

| 


conuerfation the Mafter and the man paffed ouer the 
night, And Sancho {eeing that the morning approached, 
he loofed Rozinante very warily , and tied vp hishofe. 
Rozinante feeling himfelfe(although he was not natural- v 
ly very couragious)hee feemed toreioyce, andbegan to ; . 
beate the ground with his hooffes ; for by his leaue hee 
couldneuer yetcuruet, Dow. Quixote feeing that Rozs- a 
nante could now flirte, accounted itto bea good figne , 


and an incouragement ofhimto attempt that rimorous A 
aduenture, By 


Selec epee | : [ 


PART.3. wittie Knight Don-Quixote, 


By this Aurora did difplay her purple mantel! ouer 
the face of Heauen , and eucry thing appeared diftinétly, 
which made Don- Qaixote perceiue that he was among. 
a number of tall Chefnut-trees, which commonly make a 
areat fhadow.He heard likewife thofe inceffable figakes, 
but could not elpy the caufe of thé; wherfore giuing Ro- 
zinante prefently the fpurre, and turning backe again to 
Sancheto bidhim farewell , he commaunded him to flay 
for him there three dayes at the longeft , and that ifhe re- 
turned not after that fpace,he fhould make full account, 
that Joue was pleafed he fhould end his daies in that dan- 
he aduenture, Herepeatedto him againe the em- 
afflage and errant hee fhould carrie in his behalfe to his 
Ladie Dalcinea, & that touching the reward of his ferui- 
ces,he fhould not feare any thing,for he hadleft hisTeftae 
ment made before he départed from his village,where he 
fhould finde himfelfe gratified , touching all that which 
pertained tohishire , according to the rate of the time he 
had ferued. But ifGod would bring him off, from that 
aduenture fafe and found, and without danger , he might 
full aceount torecense the promifed Hfland. Here Sancho 
began anew to weepe, hearing againe the pittifull dif- 
courfes of his good Lord,and determined not te abandon 
hins vneill che laff traunce and end of that affaire , and out 
of chefe teares and honowrable refolution of Sancho , the 
auth our of this Hiftery collects, that it is hke he was well 
borne, or at the very feaft an olde Chriffiax , whofe griefe 
did moue his Mafter alittle, but not fo much as he fhould 
thew the leaft argument of weakenes,but rather diffemb- 
ling icthe bef that hé could, he followed on his way to- j ’ 
wards.tche way-of the water , and that where the flroakes 
wercheard. Saxchefollowed hima foote, leading ashe. 
was wont,his Affe by thehalter, who wasthe infepara- 
ble fellow of his profperous or aduerfe fortunes. | 
And hauing travelled a good {pace among thofeChef-: 


nut and fhady trees,they came out intova Hittle ‘A ; | 
oOo 


EE ees ee ee a a a a a 


a 


-| made quiet by his Lord Don- Quixote , did by little and 


| te hislegges, to fee ifhecould perceivethat which helde 


\ uelled about alyindred paces, mporevat the dubling of a 


eee ~~ seg” a Te 


The delightfull Hiflorieofthe Panr.3- 


{hood at the foot of certaine fteepe rockes, frens whofe 


tops did precipitarcit felfe a great fall of water, There 

were at the foot of thofe rockes certaine houfes , fo ill } 
made, as they rather feemed ruines of buildings then 
houfes 3 from wheuce asthey perceiued,did ifluethe fear- 
full rumour and noyfe of the {troakes, which yet continu- 
ed, Roxinante at this dreadfull noyfe did Aart,and being 


little draw ncere to the houfes , recommending himfe]fe 
onthe way moftdeuautly to his Ladic Dudcinpa, and alfo 
to Jone defiting him that he would notforgethim, Sas. 
cho neuer departed from his Lords fide,and ftretched out 
his necke and eyes:as farre as he might through Roxian- 


him fo fearefull and: {ufpended,- Agd after, they, hadtsa- 


) point of amountaing they faw the-very cule, patent.and 
| open(for there could be none other ) of that fo hideous 
and fearefull a, noyfethat had kept.chemall the. night fo 
doubtfull and affrighted, and was (Q Readerif thou wilt 
not take it in bad part) fixe yron Maces that fulled clgath, 
which with their interchangeable blowes, did forme that 
maruellous noyfe. * aE deer. | nes 
When Don- Quixote {aw what it was , he waxed mypte | 
and allafhamed. Sanchabcheld him: andfaw shar, hee 
hanged his headon his brealt with tokens shat. hoe was 
fomewhat afhamed. ‘Don-Qaixote looked alfo on his 
Squire,and faw that his cheekes were{wolne with laugh- 
ter,gining withall euident fignes that he was in danger to 
t burlLifhe did pot permjtrhat-violeng; paffion.to make a 
fally, whereat all Dop- Quixotes melancholy.little pre- 
uailiny,he could not beholding Sayebo ,: but laugh alfo 
1 himfelfe. And when Sancho {aw that his Matterhadbe- 
} yun the play, he let flip the. prifoner in fuch violent man- 
} ner to prefic his fades hardly with both this handstofaue 
himfelfe from burfting. Fouretimeshe ended , andother 
| foure’ 


tone, 


PART.3. ‘wettie Knight Don-Quixote. 


foure he rented his Frughter with as great impulfe and 
force asat the firft ,whereat Don- Quixote was wonder- 
fully inraged,bue chiefly hearing him fay in gibing man- 
ner: would haue thee know friend Sancho , that I was 
born by the difpofitior of heauen in this our age of yron, 
to renue in itthat of gold or the golden world. Iam hee 
for whom are referued all dangerous, great, and valorous 
\ feats, And is this fort he went repeating all or the grea- 
| teft part of the words, Don- Quixore had {aid the firft time 
thattheyheard the timorous blowes, Don- uixore per- 
ceiuing that Sancho mockt hiin,grew fo afhamed and an- 
ory withall.that lifting vp the end of his launce , he gaue 
him two fuch blowes.on tie backe, asif he had receied 
them on his pate would haue freed his Mafter from pay- 
ing-him ‘aay wages, if itwere not to his hayres, Sancho 
'feeing that he gained fo ill earnelt by his icfts, fearing that 
his Mafter fhould voe onward with it, he faid vnto him 
withvery great fubmiffion ; Pacifie your felfe good Sir, 
forby Jone Tdid buriet. But why doft thou ieft ? I cell 
thee, lidoe nbricfiquoth Don- Quixote. Come here Ma- 
Gor Merriman thiokeftebouthat'as thofc are yron Maces |’ 
to full cloth, they were forme other dangerous aducnture, |: 
that J haue not fliown refolution cnoughtovndertake & |- 
finifhit? Am Tbychanceobliged being as | ama Knight 
0 know & diltineuifh noyfes, and perceinc which are of 
sfulliog Mil or no? And more it might(as itis true hat 
Ineuer faw any betoreas thou hall done, bafe villain that 
.thou art, borne and brought vp among the like: if por, | 
‘make thou that thefe fixe Maccs be conuerted into fixe 
Giants,and caftthem in my beard one by one, or all to- 
gether : and when I doe not turnc all cheir heclesvp,then | 
mocke me as muchas thou pleafelt. | 
No more good Sir,quoth Sancho, for Iconfeffe I haue | 
beenc fomewhat toolaughfome. But tell me J pray you, 
now that we are inpcace, as God fhall deliuer you out of | 


all aduentuccs chat may befall you as whole and sau 
; y iC 


sy a a mee rca 


- — he eee oe 


176. | 


The delightfullHiflorieof the Parr.3. | 7 


he hath donc out of this,hath not the great feare we were 


in,beene a good fubiect of laughter , and a thing worthy 
the telling ? At leaflI , for of youl amcertaine that you 
doe not yet know what feare or terror is, I doe not de- 
nie,quoth Don. Quixote,but that which befell vs is wor- 
thy oflaughter: yet ought it not to be recounted , foras 
much as all perfons are not fo difcreete , as to know how 
to difcerne one thing from another,and fet euery thing in 
his right peint. You know atleaft wife, quoth Sancho, 
how to fet your Jaueline in his point, when pointing at 
my pate,you hit me on the fhoulders, thanks be to God , 
and to the diligence I put in going afide, But farewell it, 
for all will away in the bucking; and I haue heard olde 
folke fay, That man loues thee well, who makes thee to 


weepez.and befides great Lords are wont after a badde |: 
word which they fay to one of their Seruingmen., to be-| * 


Qow on him prefently a paire of hofe. But I know not 
yet what they are wont to giue them after blowes, ifit be 
not that Knights errant giue after the baftanado Jflands, 
or Kingdomes on the continent. The Die might runne 
{o fauourably quoth Dens- Quixote , as all chou halt faid, 
might come to paffe: andtherefore pardon whatis done 


} fince thow art difcreete,and knowefi that a mans firft mo- 


SO Ly A A tears tenement enn ae 


tions are not in his hand, And be aduertifed of one thing 
from hence forward(to the endto abflaine, and carry thy 


‘felfe more refpectiuely in thy ouer-much liberty of {fpeec 


with mee)that in as many bookes of Chiualry as I haue 
read, which are infinite , 1 neuer found that any Squire 
{poke fo much with his Lord, as thou doft with thine; 
which in good footh I do attribute to thy great indifcre- 
tion and mine, thine in refpecting ine folittle,mine in not 
making my felfe to be more regarded. Was not Gandalin 
eA madss du G aules Squire k arle of the firme Ifland? and 
yet it is read of him that hee fpoketo his Lord with his 
Cap tn hishand, his head bowed, ard his body bended 
(more Turcefco). What chen fhall we fay of Gafabel Dor 
| Gataors 


P A RT.3. wittie Knight Don-Qaixote. 


G at aors Squire,who was fo hilent, as to declare vs the cx- 


cellencie thereof, his name is but once repeated in all that 
fo great and authenticall a Hiftory ? Of all which my 
wordes, Saxcbo thou moftinferre , that thou mult make 
difference betweene the Mafter andthe tnan , the Lord 
and his Seruingman,the Knight and his Squire, So that 
from this day forward we muff procecde with more re- 
{pedtnot letting the clewrunne fo much ,for after what 
way foeuer I prow angry with thee, it will be badde for 
the Pitcher. The rewards and benefites that J haue pro- 
mifed thee, will come in their time , and if they doe nor, 
thy waces cannot be loft(as I haue already Yaid to thee). 

You fay very well quoth Sancho , but faine would J 
fearne(in cafe that the time of rewards came not,gnd that 
I muft of neceffity truft to my wages)how much# Knight 
errants Squire did gain in times paft? Or ifthey did agree 
for moneths or by dayes as Mafons men. I*doe not 
chinke quoth Don. Quixote, thatthey went by the hire, 
but onely trufted to their Lords curtefie. And if I haue 
affigned wages tothee in my fealed Teftament which I 


left at home, it was to preuent the worft, becaufe I know } | 
noc yet what fucceffe Chinalrie may haue in thefe our fo | 


miferable times, and 1 would not haue my foule fuffer in 
the other world for fuch a minuity as is thy wages, For 
thow muft vnderftand that inthis world there is no ftate 
fo dangerous as that ofKnightserrant, That is moft true 
replied Sancho , fecing the enely found of the Maces of a 
fulling Mill,could trouble and difquiet the heart of fo va- 
liant aKnightas you are, But you may be fure that I will 
not hereaftcg once vnfolde my lips to ieft af your doings, 
but onely to honour you as my Mafter and naturall Lord. 
By doing fo,replied Don-- Quixote , thou fhalt liue on the 
face of the earth, for next to our parents we are bound to 
refpcét our Mafters,as if they were our fathers, 


WN CuHuapP, 


eng 


———uL<x— 


| turned to Sanche,and faid, Me thinks Sancho that there’s 


| xote, what difference is there pets iz: > helmetandtullng 


Maces? | | 


ee eee ee ee ee eee 


—e ome ee 
ee ee 


which I made the oz.h. See well what you lay Sir, and 


—— ine we > Oe: 
pee tt 4 . 
ea Em am / 
t 
gee 


The delightfull Hiflorie of the - PK R13. 


Cuaprp. VII. 


of she high aduenture andrich winning of the helmet 


of Mambrino, with other fucce(fes befalne the in- 
uincible Knight. | | 


T bevan about this time to raine, and San- 
| | W39, che would faine haue entred into the ful- 
wre ling Mils,but Don-Qwixote had conceived 

CS fuch hace againft them for the iefl recoun- 
pe ted, as he wouldin no wife come ncere 
them, but turning his way on the right hand,he fell into a 
high way , as much beaten as that wherein they rode the 
day befof& ; within a while after Don. Quixote efpied 
one ahoscbacke , that bore on his head fomewhat that 
olifired like gold; and fearce had he feene him, when hee 


no proucrbe that is not truc,for ai are all fentences ta- 
Vis the vniuerfall mo. 


char weares on his he .dthe helmet of CAtMmbrine , for 


: gaat * : ; «- : 
‘better what you doc, quoth Saxcko for J would not wifhr 
thacthis were new Maces to ba:ter vs and our-vnderftan- 


8 ee ee 
« = en = 


PARt.3 wittie Knight Don-Quixete, 


Maces ?I know not,queth Sancho, but ifl contd {peake as 
much now as I was wont, perhaps I would viue you frch 
reafonsas you your {cife fhou'd feehow much you are 
deceived in that you fpcake. How meyI be deceined in 
thac I fay fcrupulous trayror , quoth Don-Puixote? Teil 
mee, feeftthounotthar Kirght which comes riding to- 
wards vs on a dapple gray horfe, with a belmer of @ side 
on his head ? That which I fec and finde ourto be fo an- 
fwered Sancho, isnone otter thena man ona gray Afic 
like mine owne, and brings on his head fomewhat that 
fhines, Why thatis CAL: brinashcimet, quoth Do» 

1 Dvixote Aland afide and leauge me alone with bim, thou 
fhalt fee how without {peech to cut of delayes,! will con: 
clude this aduenturc and remain with the helmee as mine 
owne which hane defired fo much, I will hatte care to 
ftand off,but I turne againe to fay,that I pray God, chat it 
be apurchafe of gold and'not fulling Mils. I haue alrea- 
dy faid to thee,that thou doe not make any more nienti- 
on,no not in thought of thofe Maces; for if thou doft {aid 
Don- Ourxote] vow,| {ay no more , that] will batter thy 
foule, Hereat Sache fearing left his Mafter would ac- 
complifh the vow which he had throwne out as round as 
a bowle,held his peace. 

This therefore is the truth of the Hiftory of the hel- 
met,horfe and Knight which Don. Quixote faw : There 
was in that Commarke two villages,the one fo little as it 
{ hadneyther fhop nor Barber, butthe greater that was 
neere vnco it was furnifhed of one, and he therefore did 
feruc the little village when they had any occafion, as 
nowit bef@l that therein Jay one ficke and muft bee let 
bloud,and Another that defired to trimme his beard ; for 
which purpofe the Barber came, bringing with bim a bra- 
zen Bafon: and as hce trauelled, itby chance began to 
raine, and therefore clapt his Bafon on hisheadto fauc 
his harte from flayning , becaufe it belike was a new onc. 


And the Bafon being cleane skuwred eliftied halfe a | 
N 2 Teague | 


— 


il am 


SOT a eee ge ee, 
Ee 
— ee 


ee ge ce EE Eg EEE oa ee 


eg ee Re rg oe ee -- 


| 


oe ees 


180 | The delightfull Hiflorie of the = =Parrr.3. 


league off. Herode ona gray Afle as Sancho {aid ; and 
that wastheseafon why Don- Ovixote tookethemto be | 
a dapple gray Steede,a Knight anda helmet of gold ;- for | 
he did with all facility aprly euery thing which he {aw to | | 

| his raving Chiualry and ill-errant thoughts. And when | 
he faw that the poore Knight drew neere, without ferling 

* sancon. hinfelfe co commune with him, he inretted his * Iauelire 

} low on the thigh,and ranne with all the force Rozisante 
might, thinking to frike him thorow and thorow, And | 
drawiig neere vato him, without flopping his horfe, hee ; 
crycd,defend thy feife Caytite, or elfe render vnto mee } 
willingly, that which is my due by all reafon, The Barber ; 
who fo without fearing or furmifing any fuch thing , faw 
that Fantaftue and f{pirit come vpon him,had no other re- 
mncedy to fuoyde tie blow of the Launce but to fall off of | 
his Affe to the ground : and fcarce had hee touched the 
e:r:h,when rifing vp againe as lightasa Deere ,herunne 
away {o {wittly throvueh the plaine, as the winde could 
fcarce oucrtake him; !cauing behinde him on the ground 
his Bafon, wherewithall: Don- Quixote relted content, 
and laid that Pagan whicts lofi it was difcreete , and did 
imitate the ( affor, who feeing Linflelfe hot'y purfued by 
the hunters, which tearesand cuts away that with bis 
tceti,ror Which he knows by naturall inftinet he follow- 
ed. Then he commaunded Sanchoto take vp the helmet, 

i who lifting ir,faid the Bafon is ayyood one By God, and ts 
as well woitha Riall of eightas a marnedie ; anid giuing 
itto his Lord, he prefently {ct iton his head, turniig a- 
bout euery waysto fee whether he could gct-the Beaucr, 
and fecing he could not finde it, hee faid, The P«gam for 
whom this famous helinet was firft foreed, fad doust- 
Icfly avery great head ; and that which erictics me prin- ’ 
cipally isshocthis helmet wants the one haife, | | 

When Sancho heard him call the Bafona kclmet, hee 
could not containe his laughter, but prefently remem- 
bring on his Maflers choler,he check itin the wid. Why 

- doft 


ee 


—_— 


PART.3. — wittie Kwight Don-Quixote. | 18] : 


dolt thou laugh S ancho,quoth Don- Onixote? | lauch,faid 
he,to thinke onthe greaehead the Pagaz owner of this 
helmet had, For it is for all che world ikea Barbers Ba- 
fon. Kuow Saacho that imagine, quoth Don- Quixote, | 
that this famous piece of this ‘inchanted. helmet did fall 
by fome. {trange accident into fome ones handes that 
knew not the worth thereof, and {ecing it was of pure. 
gold , without knowing what he did, I thinke hee hath 
moulcen the halfe., to profire :himfelfe therewithall, and 
made of the other. halfe this which feemes a Barbers Ba- 
fon,as thou fayeft. But be what iciift, to ave who knowes 
well what it is his cradfmutation makes no matter, for] 
will dreffe it fo in the firft towne , where I fhall finde a 
Smich,as that which the God of forges made for the God 
of warre,fhaltnot furpaffe; no nés‘came neere it 3 and in 
the meane while I will weareit as1 may : Forfomething 
is better then nothing; and more,feeing it may very well 
defend me from the blow ofa ftone. That's true’, quoth 
Sancho, iFit be not throwne out ofa fling, fuch as that of 
the baicell ofthe two. armies ,¢ when they bliffed your 
Worfhips checke teeth,zad broke the bottle. wherin you 
carried the moft bliffed drench which made me vomit vp 
my guts. I.doe not much care forehe loffe of it Sancho; 
quoth Don- Quixote , foras thou knoweft,I have there- 
ceit in memory ; fo auc I. hikewife; quoth Sancho , bur if 
ever [make itior afte ic agaimin my life, I pray God thar 
heremay be mine end. How much more I-neuver meane 
to thruft'my felfe into any occafion wherin I fhould haue 
neede of it ; for I meane with all my fiue fenfes to keepe 
my feke from hurting any,of being hurt, Of being once 
againe toft ina Conerlet I fay nothing, for fuch diloraces 
can hardly be prevented, and if they befali,there is no o- 
ther remedy but patience, and tolift vp the fhoulders, 
keepe in the breath, fhntthe eyes, and fuffer our felues 
. bee borne’ where Fortane and ‘the Coucrlet plea- 
eth, -:.07 5 > tutors .pigiizerey€&sOOQle:  - . 
n N 2 _ Thou} 


- -' Diaitiz 


182 The delightful Hiftorie of the Paxr.3. | 


Thou art a badde Chriftian Sancho, quoth Don-Qxi- 
xote hearing him fay fo; for thou neuer forgetteft the in- 
juries that are once done to thee: know thatitis the du- 
ty ofnoble and generous minds not to make any account 
of toyes. What legge haft thou brought away lame, what 
ribbe broken,or what head hurte , that thou canft not 
yet forget that jeft ? for the thing being well examined, it 
was.none other then a jeff or paftime;for if I did not take 
it co he fith, I Fad returned by this to that place, & done 
more harme in thy reuenge,then that which the Greckes 
did for the rape of Helex : who if fhe were in thefe times, 
or my Dalcinea in hers, fhe might be {ure fhe fhould ne- 
uer haue gained fo much fame for beauty as fhe did: and 
faying fo,he pierced the skie witha figh. Then faid San- 
cho,let it paffe for a jeft; nce the reaenge caimot paffe ia 
earneft.. Buc I know well the quality both of the jefts 
and earnef, and alfothat they fhall neuer fall out of my 

memory,as they will neuer out of my fhoulders. But lea- 
ving this apart, what fhall:we doe with this dapple gray} - 
Steed that loakes fo like a gray Affe, which that CAfartiz 
left behinde, whom you duerthrew , who according as he 
laide feete on the duft and made haft , hee mindes'not to 
backe for him againe,and by my beard the pray beaft is @ 
goodone, Iam notaccuflomed , quoth Dom Qxixete, 
to ranfacke and {poylethofe whom I.ouercome ,.nor is it 
the practife of Chivalry totake their horfes, and let them 
goeafoote : if that it befall the Vidtor ro Jofe in the 
conflié his ownes for in fuch a cafe it is lawfull to take 
that of the vanqui fhed,as wonne in faire warre. So that 
Sanche \eaue that horfe, or Affe ,or what elfe thou plea- 
feft to call it,for when his ownerfees vs departed, he will 
returne againe for it, God knowes , quoth Sancho,whe- 
ther it will be good orno for me to takehirn, or. at leaft } 
change for mine owne, which me thinkes isnot fo good, 
Truely che lawes of Knighthood are ftraight, fince they 
extend not themfclues tolicence the exchang of one Afle 
aa 


pS ee) ase 


PAaRrT.3- wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


for another: and I would know whether they permic at 
leafttochange the one harneffe for another. In that Jam 
not very {ure,quoth Don- Quixere,and as a cafe of doubt 
(vntill I be better informed ) I fay that thou exchanyc 
them, if by chance thy neede bee extreme :.fo extreme , 
quoth Sanche,that if they were for mine owne very per- | 
fon,I could not neede them more. And prefently enabled 
by the licence, he made msutatio Caparum,and {et forth his 
beaft likea hundred holy-dayes, 4 am 

This being done,they broke their fa@ with the relickes 
of the {poyles they had made in the Campe of Sumpture [ 
horfe,and drunke of the Milles fireames., without once 
turning to looke on them(fo much they abhord them for 
the maruellous terror they had ftrucken them in and ha- 
uing by their repa(t cur away all cholericke and melan- 
cholicke hiumours,thcy followed onthe way which Ro- | 
zinante pleafed to leade them ( who was the depoficory 
of his Matters will , and alfo of the Affes , who fellowed | 
him alwayes wherefoeuer hee went in good amitie and 
company. For all this they returnedto the high way, 
wherein they trauelled at randome, without any certaine 
deliberation which way to goe. And as they thus trauel- 
led,Sanche faidto his Lord,Sir, will you giue me leaue to 


| commune a little with yeu ; for fince you haue impofed 


vpon me that fharpe cemmaundement of filence more 
then foure things baue rotted it my flomacke, and one 
thing thae I hauenowvpon the tippe of mytongue, | 
would not with for any thing that it fhould mifcarry? Say 
it,quoth Dew--Ouixoieand be briefe in thy reafons:, Fer 
none 38 delightfull sf it be prelix. I fay then, quoth Sancho, 
that Ihaue beene thefeiater dayes , cenfidering how Jit- 
tle is gained by following thefe adwentures, chat you doe 
chorow thefe defarts and crofle waies,where though you 
ouercome and finith the moft dangerous, yet no man fees 
nor knowes them , and fo they fhall remaine in perpetu: 


all Glence,both to yourpreiudice, and that of the fame 
N’'4 which 


_ a 


The delightfull Hiftorie of the PaRT.3- | 


whichthey defcrue. And theretore nid thinkes ic were 
betcer({till excepting your better iudgementhercin) thar | 
‘we went to ferue fome Emperour, or other great Prince | 
that maketh warre,in whofe fervice you might fhow the 
4 


valour of your perfon y yout maruelldus force, and won- 
_ derfull iudgement : which being perceiucd by the Lond 
-whom we fhall ferue,he muft perforce reward vs , cuery 
one according to his deferts; and.in {uch a place will noc 
want one to reberdyour noble acts fora perpetuall me | 
-mory. of mine ITay nothing , fecing cheymuAinet tranf- | 
 grefie the Squire-like limits: although I ddre atyouch thac | 
if any notice be taken in Chiualry of the feats of Squires, | 
mine fhall not fall away betwixcthelines,  - 20 0 
¢  Sanchethou fayett not ill, quoth Dex. Qnixore, but 
““beforefucha thing conte to pafleivis requifice to fpand 
| “fometime vp-and'dowhe an world, as‘ia probatien,. 
“ feeking ofaduentures » tothe end that’ by atchicuing. 
¢¢ fome, a matt may acquire {uch fame and renountc’,..as 
“¢ when he goes-to the Court of any great Manark,he be 
‘‘ther¢. already knowne:by his warkes,and that hefhall | 
* fcareely be perceived to cnter at the gares by the boyes | 
“¢ of that Citie , when they all will folldw & inuiron him, 
‘¢ crying oucaloudes {This is the: Knighr.of the Sunne, or 
“ che Serpent., or ot bmeotherdeuices ¥nder which hee 
‘hath atchicued frange aduemreces; ‘Thi isho(willthey 
‘¢ fay) who duervaine is Angle fighpche dupe Ginnt Bro. 
© ¢abrano of the inuincibledtrength, ‘He that difinchan- 
“<red the great Sophie of Perfis,of the large.inchantment 
“¢ whereia he had lien , almoftninebundred yeares, So 
Sthat they: will:thus goc proclaiming his. aes ftom 
© hairdo bartd sand prefently:the ‘King of thacKing- 
‘*.dome,moued by the great bruit of the boves and other 
& pcople, will ftaad at the Rindowes of his Palace to fee 


.) 
? 


P arr. 3. wittie Knizht Don-Quixote. 


SL a TL ET IT ET a a LTE ASE IIT, 
€* Knights,as many of you as are in my Court forth,to re- 


“¢ ceiue the ower of Chivalry, which comes there: at 
“¢ whofe commandement they all wil fally,& he bimfelte 
6¢ will come downce to the midit of the ftaires, and will 
“embrace him moft firaightly , and will yiue him the 
* peace, -kiffing hint on the cheeke: and prefent'y will 
“carrie him by: the hand to the Queenes chamber, 
‘¢ wherethe Knight fhall finde her accompanied by the 
¢¢ Princeffe her daughter, which mutt be one of the faireft 
Cand debonaire damzels that canbe found throughout 
‘| &°che vat campafle of the earch 3 after this will prefertly 


Candin atrice fucceed that fhe'will cal? her eye onthe } 


*¢ Knight; and he onher, and each of them thall feeme 


€¢ co the other no humane creature but an Angell, and | 
< shensvithout knowing how,or how not, they fhall re- | 
‘maine captive and intanpled in the intricable amorous | 


© nette,and with grcat care in theirmindes; becaidfe they 
‘€ knowmot how they (hall fpeaketo difcouer their an- 
 ouifhand feeling. From thence the King will carrie 
‘him without doubt to.fome quarter of his Palacc 
Ftichly hanged ;- where. having taken.eff his armos, 
*¢ they willbring himiarich manttlfof Scarlet, furred 
£<- with ermines to weare :andif hee feemed well before 
‘< being armed, he fhall now loeke as well or better 
* out of chem. The night being come,hefhal {up with the 
¢¢ King, Queene & Prince fle, where he fhal seuer sake off 
‘¢ his eye off her,behalding ynawares of thofe that ftand 
“<< orefent: & fhe will do the like with as much difcretion; 


© for as I haue faid fhe is a very difcreetedamzell, The 
‘ Tables fhall be taken vp,there fhall enter vnexpe&tly m 


¢¢ ar the hal an al favored little dwarffe, with a faire L adie 
¢* chatcomes behinde the dwartte betweene twoGiants, 
€¢ with a certaine adueature wrought by a moft auncicnt 
¢* wifeman,&that he who thal end it,fhal be held for the 
<< bef Knights of the world.Prefently the King wilcom 


¢¢ mand al thofe that are prefent.to proucit, yeh they ae 
CP. 


185 


, , eens 


186 


The delightfullHiflerieofthe Parr.3. 


Heer Ra A aaa 
<¢ none of themcan finifhit, but onely the new come 


<< Knight to the great ptoofe of his fame. Whereat.the 
< Princeffe will remaine very glad , and will be very ioy- 
<¢ full and well appaide, becaufe fhee hath ferled her 
‘¢ thoughts in fo high a place. And the beft of it 1s that 
¢€ this King,or Prince,or what elfe he is,hath avery preat 
¢¢ warre with another as mighty as hee ; and the Knight 
“his gueft doth aske him (after he hath bin in the Court 
<¢ a few dayes)licence to go and ferue him in that warre, 
<¢ The King will ek it with a very good will, andthe 
‘© Knight will kiffe bis handes courteoufly for the fauour 


6¢ he doth him therein: and that night he will take leaue | 


s¢ of his Ladiethe Princeffe by fome window of a garden 


<¢ that lookes into her bed-chamber; by the which hee } 


‘¢ hath fpoken to her oft-times before, being a great 
<¢ meanes and helpe therto , acertaine damzell which che 
<¢ Princeffe tru(ts verymuch, He fighes,and thee will fall 
¢¢ in a found,and the damzell will bring water, to bring 
<¢ her te her felfe againe. She willbe alfo full of care be. 
<¢ caufe the morning drawesneere, and fhe would not 
¢¢ haue them difcouered for any her Ladies honeur. Fi- 
* nally che Princefle Will returne to her felfe, and will 
¢¢ oive out her beautifull handes at the window to the 
°¢ Knight, who will kiffe them a thoufand anda thoufand 
¢€ times, and will bathe them all in teares. There it will 
<Cremaine agreed betweene them two, the meanes that 
¢ they will vfe to acquaint one another with their good 


¢¢ or badde fucceffes; and the Princes will pray him to | 


c¢ flay away as litle time ashe may, which he fhall pro- 
¢Smife vato her, with many oathes and proteftations. 
¢¢ Then will he turne againe to kiffe her handes , and take 
6 his leaue of her with fuch feeling , that there will want 
¢¢but litle to end his life in the place he goes from thence 
¢ to bis chamber, and cafts himfelfe vpon his bedde , but 
¢t hz fhall not beable to fleepe a nappe for forrow of his 


<¢ departure ; he will after get vp very early, and will goe 


to 


Panr.3. wittie Knight Don-Quixete. . 
“¢ rotake Icaue of the King, the Queene and Princeffe: 
¢€ They tell him(hauing taken leaue of the farft two ) that 
¢¢ che Princeffe is ill ac eafe, and that fhe cantiet be vifi- 
¢* ted : the Knight thinkes that itis for griefe of his de- 
< partuse, andthe which aan launceth him anew to 
“ che bottom of his heart, wherby he will be almoft con- 
<¢ flrained to piue manifeft tokens of his griefe: the dam- 
<¢ zel that is priuy to their loues will be prefent,and muft 
¢€ note all that paffeth,and goe after to tell it to her Mi- 
“¢ ftreffe , who receiues her withteares , and fayes vnto 
*¢ her that one of the greateft afflictions fhe hath is , that 
«¢ fhe does notknow who is her Knight , or whether hee 
“be of blood royall or no: Herdamzell will affure her 
“ apainethat fo great bountie, beauty and valor as is in 
¢¢ her Kaight,could not find place but in a great & royall 
“6 fubie&, The carefull Princefle will comfort her felfe 
¢ with this hope ;and labour to bee cheerefull left fhee 
“¢ fhould giue occafion to her parents to fufpe any fini- 
“ Rer thing of her s and within twe dayes againe fhe will 
‘6 come outinvpublique. By-this the Knight is departed, 
<< he fights in the warre, and oucreomes the Kings ene- 
«* my ,he winnes many Cities, and triumphes for many 
“* bactels, he retumes to the Court,he vifits his Lady,and 
<¢ fpeakes to her at the accuflomed place, he agreeth with 
“¢ her todemaund her of the Kis¢ br his wife , in reward 
¢< of his feruices, whereunto the King will not confent, 
© becaufe he knowes not what he is : but for all this,ey- 
*¢ ther by carrying her away; or by fome other maner the 
€¢ Princefle becomes his wife , and he accounts himfelfe 
*« therefore very fortunate , becaufe it was after knowne 


¢€ chat the fame Knight is fonne to a very valorous King | © 


< of [know not what Countrey; for I beleeue it is not 
© in all the Mappe, The father dies,and the Princeffe doth 
$¢ inherite the Kingdeme , and thus in two werdes our 
— eae isbecome a King. Here inthis place enters 


<¢ prefently the commoditie to reward his Squirc, pits = 
. thofe 


187 


iene eee a ee pe, es 


be delightfull Hiftorie of the PP ART.3. 


<¢ marries his Squire with one of the Princefles damzels, 
“¢ which fhalldoubtlefly bee the very fame that was ac- 
“¢ quainced with his loue, who is ‘fome: principall Dukes 
“daughter, | a e es 


right ; thercfore I willleane to that, for euery whic of it 
which you faid will happen to your felfe, without miffing 
aiot,calling your felfe The Knight of the ill fawonred face: 
Neuer doube js Sancho,quoth D on- Durxote , for eucn itt 
the very fame mianer , and by the fame fleppes that I-haue 
recounted here Kaightserrant doe afcend and haue.af- 
fended to be Kings and Emperours, This only is expedi- 
ent, that we enquire what King among the Chriftians..or 
Heathens inakes warre and hath afaite dauohter:: bucwe 
(hall haue time enough to bethinke chac, fince as I hare 
faid we muft firft acquire tame in other places, before we 
goe to the Court, Alfo.I want another thing, that put 
cafe that we find a Chriftian or Pagan King., thas bath 


dible fame throughout the wide-world, yet cansiot I tell 
how I might finde that I am defcended from Kings, or.at 
the leaft coufen Germaine|remoued of an Emperour? 


Gritve ry well proued,theush my workes deferue it neuer 
ama Gentleman of a knowne houfe of propriety and 
of lineages in the world. Some that derive their aa 


erce from Princes and Monarkes,whom time hath 
tle and little diminifhed and confimed, aad ended ina 


ae ae ee 
** chofe that holpe him to afcend to fo high an eflate, He | 


That’s it I feeke for, quoth Sancho , and all will gor | 


warres and a faire daughter,and that I Hawe gained incre- 


For the King will not giueme his daughter, wncill this be | 


fo much; fo that I feareto lofethrongh this defect, that{ 
which mine ownc hath merited fo well, True itis, tbat I}: 


pofleffion ;and perhaps the wife manthae fhalt write my | 
Aiflory will fo beautifie my kindred and dicent, that kee f 
will find mectobe the fift-or fixt defcent from a King; fort 
thou muft ynderftand Sancho , that thereare two maners 


y lit- 


point like Pyramydes, Others that tooke their beginning 
from 


ee cr ee nei 


Panrt.3-  —swtte Knight Don-Quixote. 


trom bafe people, and afcend from degree vnto depree, 


vatill they become at laf great Lords. So thatall the dif- 
ference is,that fone were that which they are not now, 
_and others are that which they were not. And it might 
be that I am of thofe,and after good examination my be. 
ginning might be found to haue beene famous and glori- 
ous ; wherewithal! the King my father in law ought to be 
content,whofoeuer he were: and when he were not, yet 
thall the Princeffe loue me in uch fort, that fhe fhallin 
defpite of her fathers teeth , admit me for her Lord and 
Spoufe,although fhe knew me to be the fonne of a Wa- 
ter-bearer, Andif not, herein this place may quader 
well,the carrying ofher away perforce, and carryiag ot 
her where beit I liked ; for cyther cime or death mufl 


1 needes end het fathers difpleafure. 


Here comes well to paffe that Sancho , which fome 
damned fellowes are wontto fay ; Seeke ot to get that 
witha good will, which thon msayeft take perforce ;although 
ic were better faid , The leape of a farubbe is more worth 
then good mens intreaties, Layittothis purpofe, that if 
the King your father iadaw will not condifcend to giue 
vnto you the Princeffe my Miftreffe,then there's no more 
co be done, but as you fay to her, fteale away & carie her 
to another place: but all the harme is, that in the meanc 
while thatcompofition is ynmade , and you poffeffe not 
quietly ita Kingdome , the poore Squire may whiitle 
forany 


rnne away with her Lacie , and that he pafie.away his 


amiafortunes now and then with her, vntil heaucn ordaine 


fome other thing :-for I doe thinke that his Lerd may 
giue herwata him pretently, ifhe pleafe tobe his law full 
Spoufe, There's none that can deprive thee af that, cuoth 
Don- Quixote. Why,fo that this may befall , quoth Sav- 
ebo.there’s no more bur to commend our f{elucs to God, 


‘and Jez fortune runne where it may beftaddreffe vs, Got 


sine 


enefite or pleafure you are able to doc hin , if tr 
be northat the damzell of whom you {poke euen now,| 


_—".a=a ee 


7 (8 


—« 


2 me ee, 


190. 


bring it fo topafle, quoth Don- Quixote, as I defire, and 


The delight full Hiftorse of the P ant.3. 


thou haftncede of Sancho? and let him bea wretch that 
accounts himfelfe one. Let him be fo, quoth Sascho,for 
Iam an olde Chriflian ; and to be an Earle there is no 
more requifite. I,andtis more then enough,quoth Dor- 
Ouirote for that purpofe sand though thou wereft not, it 
madc not much matter; forI being a King I may giue 


thee nobility, without eyther buying of it, or feruing me | . 


with nothing. For in creating thee an Earle,loe thereby 
thou arta Gentleman : and let men fay what they pleafe, 
they muftin good faith call thee right honourable, al- 
though it grieue chem neuer fo much, And thinke you, 
quoth Sascho, that I would not authorize my Litado, 
Thou muft fay Diktzdoor dignity , quoth Don- Dxixote, 
and not Litado , forthat’s abarbarous word. -Let it be 
fo,quoth Sancho Panca,] fay that I would accommodate 
allvery well,for I was once by my life : the warner ofa 
Confratriety and the warners gowne became me fo well, 
that euery one faid I had a prefence fit for the prouoft of 
thefame. Then how much more when] fhall feton my 
fhoulders the Reall ofa Duke, or be apparrelled with 
golde and ‘Beier afterthe cuftome of firange Earles; J 
doe verily beleeue that men will come a hundred leagues 
to feeme. Thou wilt feemevery well, queth Don- Oui- 
xote, but thou muftfhaue that beard very often, for as 
thou haftit now fo bufhie,knit,and vnhand{fome , ifthou 
fhaue(t it not with a razor at the lea(t euery other day, 
men wili know that thou art as farre from Gentilitie asa 
Musket cancarie, What more is there to be done,quoth 
Sancho,thes to take a Sarber,and keepe him hired in my 
houie; yea,and it it be neceflary,he fhaltride after me, as 
i be were a Matter of horfe to fome Nobleman : how 
knoweft thou,quoth Don- Quixote, that Noblemen haue 
their Maflers of horfes riding after them? Some few years 
acoce] wasamoncthin the Court, andthereI fawthat 


as a young little Lord rode by for his pleafure , they faid 
he 


4 
‘ 
j 
H 
| 


tehias 
. “oe 


P art. 3. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


he was a ercat Grande :thercfollowed him Ail) a horfe- 


| backe acertaine man turning cuery way that he went, fo 


as he verily {eemed tobe his horfetaile. I then demaun- 
ded the caufe why thatman did net ride by the others 
fide, but ftill did follow him fo? They anfwered me thai 
he was Mafter of his horfes, and that the Grandes were 
accuftomed to carrie fuch men efter them. Thou fayel} 
true, quoth Don-Quixote,and thou mayeft carry thy Bar- 
ber in that manner after thee ; for cuftomes came not alto- 


gether,nor were not inuented atonce. And thou maycf 


be the fir(t Earle that carried his Barber afterhim. And I 
doe affure thee that it is an office of more truft totrima 
mans beard thento faddleahorfe. Let that of the Bar- 
ber reft tomy charge, quoth Sancho, and that of procu- 
ring tobea King, and of creating mean Earle to yours. 
It fhall be fo,quoth Don- Quixote; and thus lifting vp his 
eyes, he {aw that which fhall be recounted in the chapter 
following. . ~  s 


Cuarv. VIII. 

Of the liberty Don: Quixote gaue to many wretches, 
who were carrying perforce to a place they defired 
Hob. : 

Rp Ide Hamete Benengeli, an eAArabicalland 

» -Machegan Author recounts in this moft 

@ crauc, lofty, diuine, fweet, conceited Hi- 

flory, that after ehefe difcourfcs paft be- 

Qe wween Don- Ouixoteand his Squire San 

choPanca, whichwe haue laid downe 

‘inthe laft Chapter. Don. Quixote litting vp his eyes slaw 

chat there came in the very fame way wherein they rode, 


about fome twelue men ina company on fuote, inferted } 
like Bead. ones ina great chaing of yron thatw 


s tyes 
abou. 
TT, 


See 


The delightfull Hiftorie of the Part.3. 


about their neckes, and cucry one of them had manacles | 


beGides on their handes, There came to conduét chem 
two on horf{ebacke,and two others'a foot; the horfemen 
had firelockepieces, thofe that camea foote darts and 
(words. And asfooneas Sancho faw them,he laid; This 
isa chaine of Gally-flaucs , people forced by the King to 
go to the Gallies. How ? people forced, demanded‘Don- 
Quixote,is it poflible that the King will force any body ? 
I {ay not fo,anfwered Sanche,but thatit is people which 
are condemned for their offences to ferme the King in the 
Gallies perforce. In refolution , replyed Dom: Oxixote, 
(how/fecuer it be)this folke, although they be conducted 
goe perforce,and not willingly. That's fo,quoth Sancho. 


| Then if that be fo, here fals in iuftly che exccution of my 


funétion,to wit,the diffoluing of violences and outrages, 
and the fuccouring of the afflicted and needefull, I pray 
you Sir, quoth Sancho, to confider that the Iuftice , who 
reprefents the King himfelfe , doth wrong or violence to 
no body , but onely doth chaftice them for their commit- 
tedcrimes, * 

By this the chaine of flaues arriued ,and Don- Quixote 
with very courteous termes requefted thofe that went in 
their guard, that they. would pleafe to informe him of the 
caufe wherefore they carried that pcople away in that 
manner? One of the guardians a ee ere anfwered , 
that they were flaues condemned by his Maieftie to the 
Gallies,and there was no more to be faid, neither ought 
he to defire any farther knowledge. For all that, replied 
Don- Quixote, 1 would faine learne of cucry one of them 


to tell him what he defived,as the other guardian a horfe- 


Rimony ef the condemnations of ecuery one of thefe 
wretches,yet this is no timetohold them here long , or 


terre ce tne ngewe TAMING 


in particular the caufe of his difgrace : andto this did]: 
4 sdde other fuch and fo courteous wordes , to mouc them 


backe faid, Although we carie here the Regifter and te-} 


take out the proceffesto reade , draw youncererandde- | 


7 
* 
NN a oe oe 


_ 


Part. 3 CO wittie Knight Don-Quixate. | 


mand ic of themfelues,for chy may.tel ic and:they pleale, 
and | kaow-they wills forthayare men chat nakdclight 
both ia ectineasis relatidg knaperits.so1uiic3 Sila ap 
With this licesvte; whioh Don Quixot abi fell woukd 
haye taken, although chey had nat eiuen it Him: became! 
to the chaine, and dersandeskof the-firlt-for whaz.o fences 
he went.in {pith a.guils 2tee: anfwered that: bisseiffkade: 
was noprher ther farihding ihdeve 3 forrchichezuleon:! 
a weatinhst oiteber. Par thar andno mond reptied ; 
Don -Quixete IWalt 5 ifenamowredfolke be cat itso the 
Galles, Imighthaugbeene. rowing, there a: gooll many 
dayes agoe. My Joue:\va3 not fucly.as-you coniedura, 
qioch the faye, fos maine: was that Flouedjotnwuchabale, 
ket well heaped withfine lionem, sas; F.did embrace it: fa 
fraightly .thos if the luftice had not .takemit. away from: 
me by force,] would got haue forfaken itso this leunt.by/s 
my good will, All wasdone in Flagrante ;thtresvasno 
_| leifure.to giue me torments, the caule-was.concluded:; may! 
fhoulders accommodated witha hundred,and fara fep-: 
plement threc prices of Cj arrmpes andthe warke was en-: 
ded. What are Garrapes quoth D én. Dvixete? Garrapes 
are Gallies, replied the flaue., ‘who was a yauey man.of 
fome foure.and twenty yeares.old,and {aid hé.was.borne 
in Piedrabita. oe es el ean? s bane 
 Don- Quexore demaunded of 'the fecand-bis'caufe of 
offence, who would an{were nothing hewent fo fad and 
melancholy, But the firft amfwered for him, and faid, Sir. 
thismau.goes for a (anarie 6ind:,-I-meane for aMufitian 
and Singer. Is it poffible, quéch: Der Quixote, chat Mn- 
fiuans agd Singers are likewile feat: ta the Gallies? Yes 
Sir, quoth the flaue,for there’s nothing. worfe then to fing |: 
in anguifh.  Rather,quoth-Dea- Quixote,I hane heard fay 
that he which fings doth affright and chafe asviay his harms. 
Hercit is quite contrary,quoth the flauc,for He that fings 
once,weepes all bis life after. 1 doe not vaderftand it,faid 


Don- Quixote ; but one of the puardians, faid to him , Sir 
Knight, 


ggg 


: “Ytep 


Fhe delightfull Hiflorie ofthe P-awr.3. 
oe ee OCP Seg McG seinen var mn rons PET Ere 
night, to fxg iz angaifh , is {aid among: this people nen. 
cae paren vpon:the racke, They gauc thibpoore 
wretch the torture,and hecontefded-his ‘delighe chat hee-|. 
wasa Ouarixeze,that is2-fealériof beattes,. Acid’beeaufe |’ 
hehaclcanfeffed, he is likewifecondeipned ta‘the Gat- 
lies. for fixe years, with:an Amenof two handred blowes, 
which he+beares already with him on-his: froulders ; and: 
he goesaiwayes thus {ad :aad penfative,becaufe the other 
thecucsthatsenine bebinde, andalfo thofe which got: 
| heeredoe abufe , defpife,and fcorne him for cortfefime, 
and not hang acouragetofay Mow, For'they fay-a Wo, 
hath as many letcers.as au. Fe , & that a'delinquent is very 
fortanate,whety his life or his death onely depends of his: 
owne tonpue:, and net of witneflesor progfes : arid‘ia 
imine opiaion they: have very preat reafon. J: likewite 
thinke th¢ fame;queth Don Dwivere, | 
|. Andpafiiitg ta che third, he demaunded that which he 
‘haahdone of the re, who an(wered him our of hand, and 
\thge pleafancly,} goe ve the Lady Garrupes for fine yeares 
\becautel wantedcorine Dugeaesi\] will give rwenty with 
\aliimy beart-eo free thee from. that: misfortune:, quoth 
Den- Guivore, That, quothche flaue, would tre like to 
anechat-hath money inthe midfofthe Gulfe , and yet: 
dies for hunger,becaufe he can get no meat eo’ bisyfor ie. | 
\Lfapthigbecabfeif 1 had thofe rweney Dutkets which 
your Worfhipstiberality offers me in: due {eafon, k would 
jhave fo-annoyared: with theay the Noraties penire, and: 
wherted my Lawyers. wisfo well, that I mighttoday fee] 
my felfc in the midft-of the Markee of Cocodbwer af Fole=' ! 
| 40,andnovinthis way crayled'thus hke a Greytidund: 
‘but:Gad is great. Patience and thisisénouch, 
Dow- Quixere went after tothe fourth, who was. man 
ofa venerable asia s with along white beard which 
reacheckto histbofome., Who bearing hinrfelfe deman- 
‘ded the-caule why he eamethere ,besantu weepe, aid 
dnfivered nota-word.Burthefift Mate lent hie rronguc, | 
oo 


: and.” 


ae ae 


, 
e 


194 


PART. 36. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 7 


and {faid, This honeftman goes tothe Galles for four® 
yeares, after he-had walked the, Ordisary apparrelled in 
- pompe,and ahorfebacke. That is,quoth Sascho Panca, 
. } as] cake,after he was caried about co the chame and pub- 
like view of the people, Youare inthe right , quoththe 
J flaue,and the crime for which hee is condemned to this 
paine,was,for being a Broker of the caze , Jand of all the 
body too ; for inefect I meane chat this Gentleman go- 
eth for a Baude , and likewife for having a little {macke 
and entrance in witch-craft, It chat fmacke and infighr 
in witchcraft were not added , quoth Don-,Qwixate , hee 
merited not to goe and row in the Gallies for being a 
pure Baude, bur rather deferuedto gouerne and be their 
Generall. For the office of a Baude is not like euery other 
ordinary office, but rather of great difcretion and moft 
neceflary in any Common: wealth. well gouerned, and 
fhould not be practifed but: by people well borne; and 
ought befides to haue a*V cedar and examinator of them, 
as are of al other trades,&¢ a certain appointed number of 
men known, as are of the other brokers of the exchange, 
And in this manner many harmes that are done might be 
excufed,becaufe this ae and office is practifed by in- 
difcreete people of little vnderitanding ;. fuch as are wo- 
men oflittle more or lefle , young Payes and Iefters of 
few yeares (tanding,and of leffe experience , which in the, 
moft vrgent occafions,and when they fhould contrive a- 
ny thing artificially the crummes freeze in their mouthes. 
and fifts, and they know not which is their. right hand. 
Faine would I pafle forward, and give reafons why it is 
| conuenient to make choife of thot which ought in the 
Common-wealth to pratife this fo neceffary an office : 
but the place and {eafon is not fit for it."One day I will 
fay itto thofe which may provide and remedy it: onely | 
| Ay slow, that the aflumpt or.addition of aWitch,hath de- 


priued me of the compaffion I fhould otherwife haue , to | | 


(ec thole gray haires and venerable tace-in {uch diftre fl 
O 2 . for | 


195 


¥ Veedor is ax 
office in Spaine 
of cveat truf, fet. 
by the King to 
examineand | 
fearchthedea- | 
ling of other vun- : 
der-officers,an | 
Ouerfecr or Con- } 
brouler. 
| 


| 


» { 


n _ ite oe Oe 


pnercet mg nec GO a aI ect ec ee eee 
"amg eee We 
e 


pe - SE ene 


. The delight full Hiftorie of the Parr. 


forbeing aBaude. Although I know very well that no 


forcesy:m the world can‘ moue.or force the will , as fome. 
‘| ignorant perfons thinke/(for our willis a free power, and: 
‘| cher’sno hearb nor: charme.can conflrain it, ) That which 


certain fimple women, orcoufening companions make, 


| are fome mixtures and poyfons, wherewithall they caufe | 


men runne madde , and in the meane while perfwade vs 
that they haue force to make one loue well, being ( as I 
haue faid)a thing moft impoffible to conftraine the Wi, 
That istrue,quoch the olde man ,gand I proteft Sir, that I 
am who'ly innocent of the imputation of Witchcraft: as | 


for being a Baude,I could not denie it : but yet J neuer 


thought that] didill therein; for all mine intention was; 


‘| thacall the world fheuld difportthem, and live together | 


inconcord and quietoctle without griefes or quarrels: | 
but this my good defire auailed me but little t0 hinder 
my going there; from whence I haue no hope ever to re- 
turne,my yearcs doc fo burden me, andalfoche ftone, 
which lets me not reftaninitant. And faying this,he eur- 
ned againe to his lamentations as at the firit, and Saxcho 
tooke fuch compaffion on him, as feuing his hand into 
his bofome,he drew cut a couple of fhillings,and gaue it 
him as an ales, ee. 8 : 

From him Doa- Osixote paft to another,and demaun- | 
ded his faule ; who anfwered with no leffe but with much 
more pleafantneffe then the former: I gocehcere becaule 
I haue jefted fomewhat too much with two coufen Ger- 
maines of mine owne,and with twe other fifters, which 
were nonc of mine ¢ finally , I jefted fo much with them | 


) all,that thence refulced the iacreafe of my kindred {o in- 


a 


tricately,as therc is no Cafuill that can weil rcfolue it. Al! 
was proued by me,] wanted fauour,] had no meney,and 
was in danger toloic my head: finally,I was condemned 
for fixe yeares tothe Gallies. Iconfented, it is a punith- 
nent of my fault; 1am young, and let my life but holde 
out a while longer,and all will goe well.: And Gf you Sir 


Kniche 


| 


| called eA keepe friend, ox the foote of a friend, From 


| not fure of him , but feared hee would make an efcape. 


| one turne about him, and he fhall nos doe litdle. Speake 


P ART. 3. wittie Knight Don-Qurxote. | 197 
Sg 
Knight carry any thing tofuccour vs poore folke , God 
will reward you it in heauen, and. we will haue care here 
on earth to defireGod in our daily prayers for your life 
and health , that itbe as Jong and as good as your good 
countenance deferues. He that faidthis, went in the ha- 
bite ofa Qudent,and one of the guard rolde him that hee 
was a great talker,and a very good 1 atinift. 

Afterall thefe care aman of fome thirty yeares olde, 
of very comely perfonage , faue onely that when he loo- 
ked , he feemed to thrutt the one cye into the other. Hee 
was differently tied from the refl; for he carried about his 

legge fo long a chain, that it tired all the reft of his body: 
caf be had befides two yron rings about his necke, the 


one of the chaine,and the other of thatkinde which are 


whence defcended two yrons vynto his middle , out of 
which did fticke two manacles, wherein his hands were 
lockt vp with a great hanging locke ; fo as he could ney- 
ther fet his hands to his mouth,nor bend down his head 
cowards his hands, Den--Quixote demanded why he was 
fe loaden with yron more ther the reft? The guard an- 
fwered,becaufe he alonehad committed more faults then 
all together, and was a more defperate knaue, and that 
although they carried him tied in that fort,yet went they 


rhat faults can he hauc fo grieuous,quothDon- Quixote, 
fince he hath onely Pea to be fent to the Gallies ?he 
goeth,replied the yuard to them fortenne yeares , which 
is equiualcnt to a ciuill death : neuer {triue to know more 
but that this man is the notorious Gines of Paffamsonte , |. 
who is otherwife called Ginefilio of Parapilla. Matter 
Cemmiffaric,quoth the flaue,hearing fim fay {o, go faire 
and foftly,and ranne not thus dilating of names and fur- 
names,] am called Gines and not G ine filie,and P afjamente 
is my furname,and not Parapilla, as you fay, and let euery 


a nM <x sete: aaa 


* Marke, a ¢cr- | 


taine length are 
pointed in Spaine 
for fwords,waich 
if any tran(greffe 
be is punifhed,e> 
the {ward forfet- 
ted, 


. 4 and Il know already how the Bisket and Prouant aerce 


The delight full Hiflorieof the P anr.3. 


Ss a i ae ee 
with leffe fwelling,quoth the Commiffarie, Sir thiefe of 
More then the * Marke, ]fyou will sot haue me to make » 
you hold your peace,mangre your teeth, It feemes well . 
(quoth the flauc) thata man is carried as pleafeth God ; 
but one day fome body fhall know whether I be called 
Ginefilio of Parapilla, Why doe nat they call thee fo cou- 
fener,quoth the guard? They doe, faid Gémes , but] will 
make that they fhall not call me fo, or I will fleece chem; 
there where I mutter vnder my teeth, Sic Knightif you 
haue any thing to beftow onvs, giue it ysnow, and bes 
gone in the name of God ; for you doe tire vs with your 
too curious fearch of knowing other mens lives: and if 
you wouldknow mine, you fhall vnderftand that lam 
Gines of Paffamonte, whofe life is written ( fhewing his 
hand) by thefe two fingers, Hee fayes true , quoth the 
Commiffary, for he himfelfe hath penned his owne hiflo- 
ric fo well as there is.nothing more to bee defired; and 
leaues the booke pene in the prifon fortwo hundred 
Rials :and likewile meanc to redeeme it, quoth Gines , 
though it were-in for as many duckets. Is it fo 
good a worke faid Dow-Qnixete ? Ic is {0 good , re- 
plied Gines , that.i¢ quite puttes downe Leazarillo de 
T ormes,and as may others as are written or fhall write 
of that kinde : for chat which I dare affirmne to youis,that 
it treates of true accidents , and thofe fo delightful that 
no like inuention can becompared tothem, And how is! 
the booke intituled,quoth D on- Onixote ? it is called, faid| 
he, Tbe hfe of Gines of Paffamonte, Andis it yet ended, 
faid the Knight?How can it be finifhed,replied he,my life | . 
being nat yet ended? fince all chat is written is from the 
houre of my birch vnteill chat inflant thae I was {ent this | 
] Jaftcine to the Gallies. Why then belike you were there 
4 once before(quoth Dom- Dyrxate? ) to ferue God and che | 
King , | hauebeene in there another time foure yearcs, | 


with my ftomacke (quoth Ginex) nor doth it grieve mee | 


| Panr.3. — wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


a 


very much toreturnevnto them; for there I fhall haue 
leifure to finith my booke,and I haue many things yet to 
fay : andin the Gallics of Spaine, there is more re(ting 
time then ts requifite for that bufinefic, although I fhail 
not neede much time to penne what-is yet vnwritten ; for 
I can ifneede were, fay itall by roate. Thou feemeft to 
be ingenuous, quoth Don-Qxlxote : and vnfortunate 
withall, quoth Gines; for mifhaps doe fti perfecute the 


beft wits, They perfecute knaues,quoth the Commiffary. 


I haue already fpoken to Maft. Commiffary quoth Paffz- 


IDI 


monte,to go faire and foftly ;for the Lordsdid not giuc {.- 


you that rode, tothe end you fhould abufe vs wretches 
that goe here, bur rather to guide and carrie vs where his 
Maiefty hath commanded, if not by the life of, tis enough 
that perhaps one day may conie to light , the fpottes that 
were made inthe Inne. And let all the world peace and 


liue well,and {peake better, for this is now too greata di, 
ereflion.. The Commiffary held vp his rodde go Atike [ 


Paffamonte in anfwere of histhreates , but Den- Duixote 
put himfelfe berweene them , and intreated him not to 
vfe him hardly,feeing it was not much that one who car- 
ricd his handes fotyed,fhould haue his congue fomewhat 
freezand then turning himfelf towards the flaues he faid: 

I haue gathered out of all that which you haue faid, 
deere brethren, that alchough they punifh yeu for your 
faults,yet that the paines you goeto fuffer , doe not very 
well pleafe you,and chat you march towards them with a 
very ill wil, and wholly conftrayned , and that perhaps 
the little courage this fellow had on the racke , the want 
of money that the other had, the {mall fauour that a third 
enioycd ; and finally the wrefted fentence of the lndge, 
and the not exeeuting that iuflice that was on your fides 
haute beene caufe of your miferie. All which doth prefent 
it {elfe to my memory in {uch fort, asit perfwadeth, yea 
and forceth me to effecét that for you for which heauen 
ferrt me into the world,and made me profefle that order 


SI sae ee 


250 


The delightful Hifforie ofthe . P.art.3. 


therein to fauour and affill the necdfull,and thefe that are 
opprefied by others more potent. But for as much as I 
know that it is one of the partes of prudence,not to doe 
that by foule means,which may be accomplifhed by faire; 
I will intreate thofe Gentlemen your guardians and . 
Commiffary,they will pleafe to loofe and let you depart 
peaceably; for there will noc want others to ferue the 
} King in better occafions; for it feemes to mea rigorous 
maner of proceeding,to make flaues of them whom God 
and nature createdfree. How much more good Sirs of 
the ouard(added Don- Quixote ) {eeing thefe poore men 
have never conimitted any offence again{t you; let them 


anf{were for their Gones in the other world : thereisa 


God inheaven, who isnot negligent in punifhing the 
cuill nor rewarding the-vood :and it isno wife decent, 
that honourable men fhould be the cxecutionersofother 
men, fecing they cannot gaine orloofe much thereby, I 
demaund this of youin this peaceable and quict manner, 
tothe end that if you accomplifh my reque(t I may haue 
occafion to yeeld you thankes ; and if you will not doe it 
willingly,then fhall this Launce and this Sword , guided 
by the inuincible valour of mine arme force youto it. 
This isa pleafantdoting , anfwered the Commiflary , 
and an excellent jeft,wherewithall you haue finifhed your 
large reafoning. Would you haue vs leaue vato you 
thofe the King forceth? as it we had authority to let them) 
90¢,0r you to cominaund vs to doe it, Go on your way | 
ina good houre gentle Sir,and fettle the Bafon you beare 
on your head fomwhat riphter, and fearch not thus whe- 


Rat,and a knaue,quoth Don- Qusxete , and fo with werd 


and as forture would, this was he thathad the firc-!ocke 


OEE 
of Knighthood which I follow,& that vow which I made] 


cher the Catte haththree teete. Thou art a Catte, and al 
and deed at once,he aflaulted himfofuddenly,aswithout; 


giuing him leifure to deferid himfelfe,he Qruck him down | 
to the carth very fore wounded with ablow ofhis Lance, | 


piece, ¢ 


Pa R1.3. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


piece,the reft of the guard remained aftonifhed at the vn- 
expected accident ; but art Jattreturning againe to them- 
felues, the horfemen fet hand to their fwords , ard the 
footmen to their dartes, and allofthem {ct vpon Den- 
Duixote, who did expect them very quietly : and doubr- 
lefly he would haue beene in dangcr, if the flaues percei- 
uing the occafion offered to be fo fit to recouer libertie, 
had not sie it by breaking the chaine wherein they 
were linked. The hurliburly was fuch,as the euards new 
‘began to runne to hinder the flaues from vntying them- 
felues now to offend Don-Quixote,who affzulted them ; 
fo that they could doe nothing auaileable to keepe their 
prifoners. Sancho for his part holpe to lofe Gines of Paf- 
farsente,who was the firft that leaped free into the fielde | 
without clogge,and fetting vpon the ouerthrown Com- 
miffary,he difarmed him of his {word and piece,and now 
ayming at the one and chen at the other with it, without 
difcharging made all the euards to abandon the fielde,as 
well for feare of P «/famontespiece, asalfoto fhunne the 
_{ maruellous fhowre of flones that the flaues now deliue- 
red,powred onthem, Sancho grew marucllous fadde at 


this fucceffe; for he fufpeéted that thofe which fleddea-} » 


way,would goe and piue notice of the violence commit- 
tedto the Holy brotherhood : which would prefently iflue | 
in troupes.to fearch the delinquents : and faid as much to 
his Lord,requefting him to depart prefently from thence 
| and imboske himfelfe in the mountaine , which was very 
neere. Allis well, quoth Doa- Quixote, know now 
what is fit to be done, and fo calling together al the flaues 
thac werc ina tumult, and had ftript the Commiffary na- 
ked; they came all about him to heare what he comman- 
ded,to whom he faid : 
It is the part of people well borneto gratifie and ac- |. 
| knowledge the benefits they receine, ingratitude being 
‘one of the finnes that moft offendeth the highe(?. I fay it 


Sirs to this cad, becaufe you haneby manifeltcriall iis 
! : thar 


_ enn 


me eee 


The delightful Hiflorie ofthe  Parr.3. | 


that which you haue recciued at my hand, in reward | 
whereof I defire, and it is my will chat all of you load en 
with that chain from which I euen now freed your necks, | 
goe prefently tothe city of Tobofo,and there prefent your 
{clues before the Lady Dalcinea of Tobofo , and recount 
vato her that her Knight of the I/ fanonred face fends you 
there to remember his feruice to her :and relate vato her 
at large the manner of your freedome, all yon that haue 
had fuch noble fortune, and this being done you may af- 
ter goe where you pleafe. 
Gines de Paffamontean{wered forall the reft, faying ; 
that which youdemand good Sir (our releafer) is moft 
impoflible to be performed, by reafon that we cannot go 
altogether through thefe wayes, but alone and deuided, 
procuring each of vs to hide himfelfe in the bowels of the 
earth , to the end we may not be found by the Holy bre- 
therbood , which will doubtlefly fet out to fearch oe VS : 
that therefore which you may and ought te doe in this 
exigentis, to change this feruice and has of the La- 
Dalcines of Tobofo , into a certaine number of eS ne 
farses and (reedes , which we will fay for your intenti- 
on,and this isa thing that may be accomplifbed by night 
or by day, running or refting , in peace or ia warre $ but 
tothioke that wee will returne againe to take vp our 
chaines, or fet our felues in the way of Tebofa, isas hard 
as tomake vs beleeue, that itis now night, it being yet 
{carce ten of the clocke in the morning, and to demaund 
fuch a thing of vs, is as likely as to fecke for Peares of the 
Elme tree. 1 {weare by fucha one (quoth Don-Quixore 
throughly ir raged) Sit fonne of a whoore , Don Ginefilio 
of Paropillioor howfoeucr you ate called, that thou fhalt 
oe thy felfe alone with thy taile betweene thy legges, 
and beareallthe chainein thy necke. Paffamonte who 
was by natur¢ very cholericke, knowing affuredly that 
Dox- Quixote was not very wile (feeing he had attemp- 
ted {uch a defperate act, as to fecke to giue them liberty) 
; {eeing | 


4 


wittie Knight Don-Quixate. 


P a RY.3- 


feeing himfelfe thus abufed, winked on his companions, 
and going a little afide, they fer fuch a fhower of flqnes 
on Don- Quixote, ashe had no leafure to coucr himfelfe 
with his Buckler,and poore Rozswante made no mote ac- 
count of the fpurre, then if his fides were made of Braffe. 
Sancho ranne behinde his Affe , and by his meanes fhel- 
tred himfelfe from the clowde and fhowre of {tones, that 
rained vponboth. And Dom. Quixote could not couer 
himfelfe fo well, but that a number of ones frucke him 
in the body with fo great force, as they ouerthrew him at 
laftto che ground, ard {carce was he fallen when the flu- 
dent leapt vpon him and tooke the bafon off his head,and 
gaue him three or foure blowes with it on the fhoulders, 
and after ftrucke it fo oft about the ground as hee almoft 
broke it to peeces. They tooke from him likewife a caf- 
focke which he wore vpon his armour, and thought alfo 
to take away his flockings,but that they were hindred by 
his grieues, From Sancho they tooke away his Caffocke, 
,| and left him in his haire, and diujding all the {poiles of | 
the battaile among themsfelues, they departed, cuery one | 
by the way he pleafed troubled with greater care howto 
efcape from the Hely brotherhood which they feared, then 
to lade themfelues with the yron chaine, and goe and 
prefent themfelues before the Lady Dalcinea of Tobofo. 
The Affe, and Rozsnante, Sancho,and Don-Quixote, re= 
mainedalone. The Affe ftood penfatiue , with his head 
hangiay downewards , fhaking now and then his eares, 
thinking that the ftorme of flones was not yet pat, bur 
that they ftill buzzed by hishead, Rozisante lay ouer- | 
throwne by his Matler, who was likewife ftrucke downe 
by another blow ofa ftone; Sancho in feare of the bul- 
lets of the Holy brotherhood , and Den- Quixote meft dif- 
content to fee himfelte fo mifufed by thofe very fame, to } 
whom he had done fo much good. | 


o 


CHAP. 


The delightful Heflorie of the Pa rr.3- | 


20:4 


Cuap. [X.. 


Of that which befell the famous Don-Quixote én 
Siera Morena, which was one of the mot rare ad- 
uenturcs,which in this or anyother foauthenticall a 
History & recounted, | : 


on S plight, faid to his Squire Sancho, I haue | 
meen Wp heard fay oft-times, thattodocgoodto 
> men vathankfull, is to caf water into the 
Ym Sea. If I had beleeued whae chou faidf 
tome, I might well haue preuented all 
this griefe : but now that is paft, patience,and be wiferan 
other time : you wil take warning as much by this,quoth 
Sancho,asI ama Twrke. But fince you fay,that if yorhad 


now and you fhall efchue a greater: fer you muft wit,that 
no Knighthood nor Chivalry is.of any authority with the 
Holy brotherbood; far it cares not two farthings for all 
the Knights errant in the world, and know’, that mee 
thinkes I heare their arrows buzze about mine earcs al- 
ready. Sancho thou artanaturall coward, quoth Dex. 
Quixote but becaufe thoumayeft not fay that I am ob Mi- 
nate,and that neuer follow thine aduice , J will take thy 
-counfell this time, and conucy my felfe from that furie 
which now thou feareft fo much : but it fhal be ona con- 
| dition,that thou neucr tell alive nor dying to any mor- 
tallcreature, chat! retired or withdrew my felfe out of 
this danger for feare, but onely to fatisfie thy requefts. 


moft falfly : and eucn from this very time till chat, and 
from thence vettil now I giue thee the lie herein,andI fay 
thou lieft,and fhalt lie as oft-times as thou fayeft or docft | 
| thinke the contrary : anddoe not replie to me. Forin | 


one- | 


On-Qunixote feeeing himfelfe ia fo ill | 


belecued me you had auoyded this oo beleeue mee }- 


For if thou fayeft any other thing , thou halt beliemee | 


Tor 


rr 


ee is 
TE Ee ee nag 


a ee ee 


‘fomewhat of that which men call good -ouernemcnt: 


. 


Pa RT.3. wittie Knight Don- Quixote, | 205 


onely thinking thae] withdraw my fete out of any pe- | 
ril,but principally this,which feemes to cary with it foine 
adow of feare, Tamaboutroremaine and expeet heere 
alone,not onely for the Holy brotherbood,which thou ra. 
mefland feareft, but alfo forthe brethren of the Tivelue 
Tribes forthe Seuen (Macchabees , for (aStor and Pol. 
fax,and for alf the other brothers and brotherhocds in | 
the world. Sir,anfwered Sancho ,to retire is not to flic 
nor ta expect is wifedome , when the danger exceeccth 
all hope sand itis the part of a wifeman to kecpe him- 
(elfc fate today for to morrow; and not to aduenture 
himfclfe wholly in one day. And know , that although J 
be bur arude Clewne, yet doe I forall that vnderftand 


and therfore do not repent your felfe for following mine 
aduice, but mount on Rezinante if you be able; ifniot,] wal 
helpe you,and come afterine, for my miad gines me that 
we fhall now fiaue more vic of leggcs then of hands. 
Don. Quirote leaped on his horfe without replying a 
word,and Sancho guiding bim on his Affe they bothen- 
tred inta that pare of * Sierra (Morena that was neare | 4 ereat and 
vntothem; Sanchohadafccret defigne to croffe oucr it | large mountame 
all,and iffue at Ufo or eA modouar of Campo , and in the | of Spaie, 
meane time to hide themfclues for fome dayes among 
chofe craggic and intricate rockes , to the end they might 
not be found by the Holy brotherhood, if it did make after 
them, And he was the more encouraged to doe this, be- 
caufe he faw their prouifion which he carried! on his Affc 
had efcapt fafcly out of the skirmith of the Gally-Mlaues: 
athing which he accounted tobe a miracle, coniidering 
the diligence that the flaucs had vfed to fearch and carrie 
away alfthines with them, They arrived that night in to 
the very midfi & bowels of the mountain, & there Sancho 
chought it fitecll to {pend that night, yea and fone other 


few dayes alfo,at lealt as long as their victuals indured, 
” 


and with this refolution they touke vp theirlocging @- 
mono | 


we ee ett 


- . 
e 
. 
ee CES ogee ge = ee ee ET oe - o ey ree ee ee 


| 
} mong a number of Corke trees that grew betweene two ; 


Rockes. But fatall chaunce , which according to the epi- 

_| nion ef thofe that haue not the light of faith ,euideth, die | 

| reéteth,and compoundcth all.as it liketh, ordayned that | 

that famous coufener and thiefe Gines de Paffamonte, ' 

who was before delivered out ef chains by Don-Qwixotes 

force and folly,perfwaded through feare he conceiued of . 

the Holy brotherhood (whom hee hadiuft canfe to feare) | 
refolucd to hide himfelfe like wife in that mountaine , and 

| his fortune and feares ledde him iuftto the place where it 


| time ashe might perceiue them, and they both at chat in- 
ftant fallen afleepe, And as cuill-men are euermore in- 
oratefull,and that neceffity forceth aman to attempt that 
which it vrgeth , and likewife that the prefent redrefle 
preuents the expectation ofa future, Gines who was nei- 
ther gratefull nor gratious , refolued to fteale away San- 
chohis Affe,making no accountof sake ,as a thing 
neyther faleable nor pawnable, Sancho flept foundly.and 
fo he ftole his beaft , and was before morning fe farre off 
from thence,as he feared not to be found. 
eAnrora {allied forth at laft to refrefh the earth,and af- 
fright S anche with amoft forrowfull accident, for he pre- 
fencly miffed his Affe , and fo feeing himfelfe depriued of 
hin, he began the molt fadde and dolefull lamentation of 
the world: in fuch fortashe awaked Don- Dnixote with 


my bowels,borne in mine owne houfe, the fport of my 
children, thecomfore of my wife, and the enuie ofmy 
neighbours ; the eafe of my burdens , andfinaliy the fu- 
Aainer of halfe of my perfon; for with fixe and twentie 
CMarnedys thavl gained daily by thee, I did defray halfe 
of mine expences, “Don-Qurxote who heard the plaine, 
and knew alfo the cauife did comfort Sancho with the belt 
words he could deuife, and defired himto haue patieace, 
promifing to giuca letter of exchange, tothe end that 


( 
they ‘ 


The delightful Hiftorie ofthe  Pant.3. { 


his eut-crics., who heard that hee faid thus. Ochilde of 


| had firft addreft Don~ Quixote and his Squire, iuftatfuch | . 


' 
ry 


Cee ee ee 


Pa RY.3. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


they ofhishoufe might deliver him three Affes of fue , 
which he had left athome. 
Sancho comforted himfelfe avame with this promife, 
and dried vp his teares,moderated his fighes,and gauc his 
Lord thankes for fo great a fauour, And as they entred _ 
in farther among thofe mountains we cannot recount the 
iay of our Knight,to whom thofe places {eemed molt ac- 
commodate to atchieuc the adventures he fearehed for. 
They reduced to his memory the maruellous. accidents 
that had befalne Knights-errant in like folitudes and de- 
farts: and hee rodefo ourwhelmed and tranfperted by 
thefe thoughts,as he remembred nothing elfe. Nor San- 
chs had any other care (after he was ow of feare to be ta- 
ken) but. bow to fill his belly with fome of thefe relikes 
which yet remained of the Clericall {poyles ; and fo hee 
followed his Lord taking now and then out of a baskcr, 
(which Rozinante sailed for want ef the Affc)fome meat 
and lining there with all Kis paunch.; and whilff he wert 
thusimployed’, hee would not hanc given a mite to en- 
counter any other aduenture how honeurgble foeuer. 
But whilft he wee thus bufted, he efpyed his: Maer la- | 
boured to take vp-with the pointe his laucline , foie 
bulke or other that lay dn. che grownd, and-went towards 
hirn to fee whether he needed ‘hishelpe iaft-acthe featon | 
that he lifted vp a faddie cufhion and 2, Portmantew fafl 
toic, which‘were halfe reteen,.or rather whelly rotted b | | 
the weather;. yet they weighed fo much that Sanchoes al- | 
fiance was requiGte te take themvp.: andftraighthis | —- : 
Lord commaunded him to fee: what was in che Wallet. 
\ 
| 


Sancho obeyed with expedition, And although ic was 


(hut withachaine andhanging locke, yet by che parts 
which were torne he-faw-what was within , to: wit foure 
fine holland fhirts., and other Jinnens both curious and 


t‘cleane : and moreouer a3 handkercher, wherein ws a 


ad- 


900d quantity of gold ; which he perceiuing {aid ,Blefled | 
sein tabdnse oe, Bt seta ee ea 


be heauen which hath once prefentedco vs, a bencficiall 


Riga NS 


The delightfull Hiflorie ofthe  Pxer.z- 


| 
aduenture:: and fearching for more,he founda Tablet ve- | ' 
{ ty cofily bound. This Den-Qaixote tooke of him, com- | , 

maunding him ro keepe the golde with himfelfe ; for \ : 
which rich fauour Sancho did prefently kiflehishandes: |. 
and after taking all the linnen, he clapt itvp inthe bagge | 
of their victuals, Dox-Onixote hauing noted all thefe |' 
thinys,faid;Me thinkes Sancho(and it cannot be poflible |’ 

‘ eet io gg oe eS fo 
any other) chat fome traveller hating left his way , p> aft |: 
through this mountaine, & being encountred by thie ess |; 
they flew him,and buried him in this fecret place? It cran- 
not be fo,anfwered Sancho, for if they were theeues ttacy 
would not have left this money behinde them, Thou fay- 
eft true,quoth Dos- Onixote,and therefore'l cannot cone 
ieCture what it might be: but ftaya whilé, we will Lee 
whether there be any thing written inthele Tablets, y 
which wee may vent and finde out that which I defare. 
‘Then he opened it,and the firft thing that he found w« it- 
ten in ic,asit were a firft draught, but done with a very | 
faire Character, was a Sonnet which he read, aloude, that |. 
Sancho might alfo heare {t,and was this whichenfuese _ 

R lone of underflanding quite is voyde: 
Or be abounds incraelty or my paine +. 

Th occafian equals not ; farinbach I bide a ok 

The torments dyre,he maketh mefufiaine; 
But if lone-be a God,l dare maint aine - 

He nonght ignores : and reafon aye decides | 

Gods fhonld not cruell be : then who erdaines 

This paine I worfbip which my heart dinides 
Friis ! L erve,if thou I fay it is: 

For fo greatell and good cannot confift. > 

Nor doth thw wrackefroms hean'n befall but yet. 
That fhortly I must die,can no way miffe : . 

For th enillwhofe caufe is hardly well expreft' > 

By miracle aloge,trne cure may get, - eo Bee —{t 


Nothing can be learned by that verte P quoth San EF? . 


ome = 


] but if vertue were a treafure of eftimation, I would not e- | 


Panr.3. wittieKnight Don-Quixote. . 


if by chat * Hilo or threed which is faid there, you gather 
not where lies the reft of the clue, what H/o is heere, 
quoth Don. Quixote? Me thought, quoth Sancho, chat 
youread Huo there.] did not but Fili,faid Don- Duixote, 
which is without doubt the name of the Lady,on whom > 
the Authour of this Sonnet complaines, who in good 
truth feemes to bea reafonable good Poet, or els I know 
but little of that arte. Why then, quoth Sancho, belike 
you doe alfo vaderfland Poetry? That Idoe, and more 
then thou thinkeft,quoth Do». Dxixote; as thau thalt fee 
when thou fhale carry a letter from meto my Lady Dud- 
cinea del Tobofo, written in verfe from the one end to the 
other: For I would thou fhouldeft know Sancho,that all 
or the greater number of Knights errant in times paft 
were preat Verfifiers and Mufitians , for thefe two quali- 
ties,or graces as I may better terme them, are annextto 
amourous Knights aduentures.: True it is that the verfes 
of the auncient Knights are not fo adorned with words, 
as they are rich in conceits. I pray you reade more,quoth 
Sancho , forperhaps you may finde fomewhat that may 
fatisfie. Then Don- Quixote turned the leafe,and faid, This 
is profe,and it feemes to be a letter, What Sir, a miffiue 
letter,quoth Saxcbhe ? No but rather of loue,according to 
the beginning , quoth Dex- Quixote. I pray you there- 
fore, quoth Sancho, reade it loude enough, for] take 
ereat delight in thefe things of loue. I am content, quoth | 
Don. Quixote,and reading it loudly as Sancha had reque- 
fted, it faid 2s enfueth. 

Thy falfe promife and my certaine misfortune, docar- | 
ry me to fuch a place,as from thence thou fhalt fooner re- |: 
ceiue newes of my death’, then reafons of nvy iuftcom- 
‘tera Thou haft difdained me (O imgrate) for one that 

ath more,but not for one that is worth more then Jam: | 


raulate other mens fortunes,nor weepthus for mine own } 
misfortunes. That which thy beauty erected , thy works 
Dp 


haue 


209 

* An allufion to 
the Span‘fb word 
Hilo, figns fying a 
threed, 


nnn "i ‘ 


210 The delightful Hiftorie of the Panrt.3. | 


haue overthrowne : by it I deemed thee to be an Argell , | 7 
and by thele I certainely know thee to be bata weman. 
Reft in peace ( O canfer of my warre ) and let heauen 4 

worke fo that thy fpoufes deceipts remaine full concea- 
led, tothe end thou maift not repent what thou didft, 

and I bee confirained to take reuenge of that I defire 

not. 
Having read the letter, Dow ..Quivote {aid we can col | 
leét leffe by this then by the letter, What the Authour is, 
other then that he is fome difdayned louer,and fo paffing 
ouer all the booke, he found other Verfes and Lerters,of 
which hee couldread fome, othersnoratall. Bue the 
(umme of them all were, accufations, plaints, and mif- 
trufts, pleafures, gricfes, fauours, and difdaines, fome fo- 
lemnized, othersdeplored, And whileft Don- Qwixote 
paft ouer the booke, Sancho palt ouer the mallct, without 
leauing a corner of it, or the cufhion vnfearched, ora 
feame voript, nor a locke of wooll vncarded , tothe end 
nothing might remaine bebinde for want of diligence, or 
careleficnefle, they found gold which paft a hundred 
crowns, had ftird in him fuch a greedineffe to haue more. 
And though he got no more then that which he found at 
the firft, yet did he account his flights in the couerlet, his 
vomiting of the drench, the benedictions of the packe 
 flaucs, the blowes of the Carsier, the loffe of his wallet, { 
the robbing of his Caffocke, andallthe hunger, thirft, | 
_and wearineffe chache had paft in the feruice of his good 
Lordand Mafler, for well imployed; accounting bim- 
{ele to be more then well paied, by the gifts receiued of 
.the money they found, The Knight of the J/ fanonred 
face was thé while poffefled with a maruailous defire ta 
know who was the owner of the mallet, coniegturing by 
the Sonnet, and letter, che gold, and linnen, thar the en- 
amoured was fome tian of worth, whom the difdaine } 
.and rigour of his Lady had condugted to fome defperate | 
‘termes, Butbyreafon that no bedy appeared, through 
: a ! thac {/ 


ee ) , : 


Parr. 3. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


that inhabitable and defart place, by whom heimight be | - 


informed; he thought on it no more, but only roade on, 
without choofing any other way,then that which plc afcd 
Rozinante to trauaile, who cooke the plaineft and cafictt 
to paffe through s hauing ftil] an imagination that there 
could not want fome ftrange aducnture, amidf tliat For- 
reft. | _ 
And ashe roade on, with this conceipt he faw a man 
on che coppe of a little mountaine that flood iufl bcfore 
his face, leaps from rocke to rocke,and tuffe to tuffe with 
wonderfull dexterity. And as he thought he was naked, 
had a blacke and thicke beard, the haires many and con- 
fufedly mingled , his feete and legges bare, his thighes 


did the Knight of the Ilfanoured face, nete all thefe parti- 
follow him , for it was not in Rozimantes powcr, in that 


thofe rocks, chiefly being naturally very flow and fleg- 
matike, Don-9wixote after clpying him did inftantly i- 


£ maginc him to be owner of the cufhion and mallet; and 


cherefore refolued to goe on in his fearch , although hee 
fhould fpend a whole yeare therein among thofe moun- 
caines: and commanded Sancho to goe about the one 
fide nf che mountaine, and he would goe the other, and 
quoth hee, it may befall thar by vfing this diligence wee 
may incounter with thatman, which vanifhed fo fud- 
dainely out of our fight,. 1 cannot doe fo, quoth San- 
che, for that in parting one ftep from you, feare prefent- 
ly fo affaule mee, with a thoufan¢vifions and affright- 


ments, And fet this ferie you hereafter for a warning,to |: 
the end you may not from henceforth part me the blacke | 
ofa nailefrom your prefence. It fhall bec fo, anfwereth | 


the 


were couercd with a paire of hofe , which feemed to bee } 
of Murry veluet, but were fo torne that they difcowered |. 
his eth in many places : his head was likewife bare, and | 
although he patt by with the halt we haue recounted, yet | 


cularities, and although he indeuoured, yet could not hee ; 


weake ftate wherein he was to trauaile fo fwiftly among | 


7 
7 


The delightfullHifforieof the Pant.3. 


the Knight of the ill-fanowred face, And I am very glad ‘. 


that thou doft thus bui'd vpon my valour,the which fhall | 
neuer faile thee although thou didft want thy very foule: 
and therefore follow me by little and little, or as thou 
maift,and make of thine eyes two Lant-hornes , for wee 
oiueaturncto this little rocke, and perhaps wce may | 
meete with this man whom we faw ecuen now , who 
doubrlefly can be none other then the owner of our boo- 
tie. To which Sancho replyed,ic were much better not to 
finde him: for if we fhould mect him,and were by chance 
the owner of this moncy,it is mo? cuident that I muft re- 
ftorc itto him , and thercfore itis better without viing | 
this vnprofitable diligence to let me poficfie it bena fide, 
vntill che true Lord fhall appeare by fome way Icfle cu- | 
rious and diligent : which perhaps may fall at {uch a time | 
as it fhall be all (pent; and in that cafe I am ftecd from all 
proceffes by priviledge of the King. Thou. deceiueft thy 
(elfe Sancho thercin,quoth Don. Quixore, for{eeing wee | 
are falne alrcady into fufpition of the owner, wee are | 
bound to fearch and reflore ic to him : and when wee 
would not feeke him out , yet the vchement prefumption 
that we haue of it hath made vs poffeflors mala fide , and | 
renders vs as cu!pable,as ifhe whom we furmife,were ve- 
rilythe true I ord, So that friend Sancho,be not ericucd 
‘tofecke him, in refpect of the yriete whercof thou fhalt | 
free me ifhe be found. And faying fo, fpurd Roxzinaste, |: 
ad Sancho followed atter.a foate, animated by the hope 
ofthe young Affes his Mafferhad promifed vnto him: 
& having compafied a part of the mountain, theyfound a 
little flream,wherin lay dead, and halfe devoured by dogs 
and crows,a Mule fadied and bridled,al which confirmed | 
nore in them the fufpition that hee which Acdde away 
‘was owner of the'Mule acd cufhion. Andas they looked | 
on ir, they heard a whiffle, wuch like vnto that which 
Sheepheards vie,as they keepe their flockes, and prefent- 
ly appeared at their left hand a great numberof Goates , 
: after 


wee oe ie ee 


a 


ee et 


| | Pant. 3° wittie Ksight Don-Quixote. 


after whom the Goatheard that kept them , who was an 
aged man,followed onthe toppe cf the mountaine ; and 
“Don- Quixote cricd to him, requefting him to come down 
co them, who anfwered them againe as loudly ,demaun- 
ding of them who had brought them to thofe defarts , 
rarely troden by any other then Goats, Wolues,or other 
fauage beattes which frequented thofe mountaines ? San 
cho an{wered him; that if hee weuld defcend where they 
were,they would giue him accounc thereof. With thar 
the Sheepheard came downe , and arriving to the place 
where Don- Quixote was, he {aid , 1 dare wager that ycu 
looke onthe hyred Mule which lics dead there in that 
bottom; well,in good faith he lies in that very place thefe 
fixemoneths. Say ,I pray you , haue not you met in the 
way with che mafter thereof ? We haue encountred no 
bedy but a cufhion and a little Mallet which wee found 
not very farre off from hence. I did likewife finde the 
fame, replyed the Goatl.eard, but. I would never take it 
vp nor approach to it , fearefull of fome mifdemeanor, or 
that I fhould be hereafter demaunded for it as for a 
Aealth. For the Diuell is erafty, and now and then fome- 
thing rifeth,eucn from vndera mans feete , whereat hee 


fumbles and falles , without knowing how, or how not. 


That is the very fame I fay, quoth Sancho , for I likewife 
found it , but would not approach it the caft of a ftone. 
There I haue left it,and there it remainesas it was; for I 
would not'hane a dogge with a bell, Tellme good fellow, 
uoth Don- Quixote, doft thou know who is the owner 
of all thefe things? | 
That which I can fay,anfwered the Goatheard , is that 
about fome fixe moneths paft,Jittle more or leffe ; there 
artiued at a certaine fheepe-fold fome three leagues off, 
a young Gentleman of comely perfonage , and prefence, 
mounted on that very (Male which lies dead@here , and 
with the fame Cufhion and Mallet which you fay you 


met,but touched not, He demaunded of vs which was 
: Y . ‘ tne 


213 


wg 


ee a ES Ey, 


S er ee 
—- eee eee 
~~ ew ee ts rm 


®2 
u_—, 
a 


The delightfull Hiflorie ofthe  Panr.3. 


—7 


—— 


ae ee DS ee 


a 


the mott hidden and inacceflable pare of the mountaine, 


and we told himthat this wherein we are now : and itis’ 
true; for ifyoudid enter hut balfe a Icaguc farther, per-. 


haps you would not finde the way out againe fo readily : 


and I doe greatly maruc!! how you ceu'd finde the way / 


hither it felte;for there is neyther high way nor path thar 


may addreffe any to this place. I fay then, that the young . 


man as foone as he heard our anfwere, kee turned the 
bridle, and trauelled towards the place wee fhewed to 
him, leauing vs all wich very great hiking of his comelives 
and maruell,at his demaund and {peed wherewith he de- 
parced and made towards tie mountaine s and after that 
time we did not fee him a good many of daies, witill by 
shance one of our fheephcards came by with our proui- 
fion of victuals,co whom he drew neere, without {pcak- 
ing a word,and fpurned and beate him welfauaurdly,and 
after went to the Affe which carricd our victuals , and +ta- 
king away allche bread and chcefe that was there, hee 
fled into the mountaine with wonderfull ipcede.. When 
we heard of this, fome of vs Goatheards, wee went to 
(earch for him, and {pent thercin almoft-two dayes in the 
molt foliraryplaces of this mauntaine, and in the end 
found him furking in the hollow pare of a very tall and 
great Cerke tree 3 who as foone.as he perceiued ys, came 
forth to mecte vs,with great iagyednes: his apparrell was 
ailcorne, his vilage dishgured , and rafted with rheSunne 
im fuch manner, as we.cauld {carce know him, if it'were 
not that his attire although rent,by the notice we-had of 
1: Gid oiue vs tovaderftand , that hee was the man for 
whom we fought.He faluted vs courrcoufly and in bricfe 
and very good teafons he faid, that we ought not fo mar- 
ucii,{ceing bim goc in chatmanner ¢ for that it behoued 
to doc fo, that hee might accomphitha certaine penance 
inioyned to him, forthe many faves he bad committed. 
We prayed himto tell vs what he was, but we could ne- 
ver petiwade Kimto it, Wercquefted him likewife that 

ee 7 hii a: when 


a nee 


_ 


a) 


PART. 3. wittte Knight Don-Qutxote. 219 


onntenance demonfirare, And I doevow (quoth Don- 
Quixote)by the high order of Chivalry, which [although 
vaworthy &a finner)haue reccitied,and by the prof. fon 
of Knights errant,thac if you do pieafure me herein, to af. | 
“fit you with as good carneft as my profeffion doth birde | 
me, either by remedying your difafter,ific cin Be holpen; | 

or els by afifling you to lament it, fit be fodefperace. | 

The Knight of the Rocke,who heard him of the if faron- 
| red face {peaké in that maner,did nothing elfe tor eee 
while , but bchold him again & again , and rebchold him 

from top:to to¢. And after viewing him welhe faid;if you 
| haue any thing toeate, J pray -you give ic me for Gods | 
3 fake & after 1 hauc eaten I will farisfe your demand tho- 
/ rowly,to gratifie the many courtefies & vndelerued prof- 
fer sy ouhatse mide vata me. Sancho and the Goatheard 
-preferts.the.one out of his Waller; ‘the: other out-of his 
Scrip cookofume meacand pate 'té the Koiaht off che 
Rocke cdvdiiay his hunpet and-he dd eate fo fatt,hke a di- 
(traéted man,as he left no intermiffion between bir-£z bir, : 
but clapt them vp fo {wiftly, as he rather fcemed to fwal- 
dow then te chew them; &whilf hé did eace neither he or. 
any of the reft(poke a word-:.8 hauing eded hisdinher, ' 
he made them fignes to follow him ,a5-at aft they ddivn- | 
to a little meadow feated hard by that place, ‘at the folde 
of asnountain; where beinp arrived, he Aretchedhimfelfe 
onvhe graffawhich sherett did likewile in his imitation, 
without fheaknne a wordyeneill hat be attet ferlinethims 
elfe in:his placo;began inthis mannats if Sirs, you pieale | 
to hearetheimmanitycémy dfatters briefly rchearfed, 
yor nult promife mesthat you twill ‘not interrupt the file 
of my dolefuilnarration ; with either demaund or other 
ching ;forsin thevery inftant thacyou fhall do it;there al- 
fo multtdmain tivat whith'] fay-depending. Thefe words 
of our ragved Kinghts';oalledto Don. Olsixetes retnem- | 


— 


bfance the tstewhich his Squire had toid vnte him when 


he erred in the account of bis Goats, which oad palledthe 
Ter, 


3 ee eee a _ 


which now I giue , is to the end that I may compendi- 
oufly paffe over the difcourfe of my mifhaps, for the re- 
uoking of them to remembrance only, ferues me to none 
other fieed,then to increafe the olde by adding of new 
misfortunes ; and by how much the fewer your quc@ions 
are,by fo much the more {peedily fhal 1 haue finifhed m 
ittifull Difcourfe ; and yet I meane not to omit my of 
Fential point of my woes vntoucht,that your defires may 
be herein {ufhiciently fatisfied. Don- Quixote in his own , 
and his other companions name, promifed to performe 
hisrequeft; whereupon hee began his relation in this 
manner : : 
My name is Cardenic,the place of my birth; one of the 
beft Cities in Axdaluzia , my linage noble, my parents 
tich,and my misfortuses.fo great,as I thinke my parents 
| kaue ere chis deplored , & my kinsfolke condoted them; 
| being very Jitele eble with their wealth to redrefle chein ; 
| for tne goods of fortune are but offmal vertue to remedy 
| the difafters of heauen. There cwelt in the fame Citie a 


defire; fo great as the beauty of Lufeinda , adamzell as 
| noble andrichasJ: but more fortunate and Ieffe con- 
| Rant then ny honourable deGres expected. Iloued , ho- 
noured and adored this La/cinda , almoft from my very 
infancy ; aad fhe affested me likewife ; wich all the inte- 
gtity and good will which with her fo young yeares did 
accord. Our parents knew our mutuall amicy ; for which 
| they were nothing aggrieted, perceiving very well , chat 
although we continued it , yet could it have none other 
end but that of Matrimony; 2 thing which the equality 
of.our blood and fubRance did of it felfe almof inuite vs 
to. Oucage and affeftion increafed in fuch fort., as it 
(cemed fit to Lufcindas father, for certaine good refpects 
to denie me the entrance of his houfe any longer 5 imita- 
ting 


T he delrghtfull Hiftorie of the P ART. 3° | 


heauen, wherin loue bad placed ail the glory that I could 


| Sluer,for which that Hiftory remained fufpeuded, But re- 
turning to our ragged man; hee faid , this preuention 


ig 


; Parr. 3. wittie Knizht Don-Quixote. 


ting in amanner therein 7543, fo much folemnized by 
the Poets,her parents; which hinderance ferucd onely to 


_adde flame to flame , and defire to defire : for although 


it fet filence co our tongues, yct could they not impofe it 
to our pens, which are wont to exprefle to whom it plea- 
fed,the mofthidden {ccrecies of our foules with more li. 
bertythen the ee the prefence of the beloved doth 


often diflract, trouble, & Arike durnbe the boldett tongue 


and firmeft refolution.O heavens,how many letters haue 
I written vnto her ? What checrefull and hone anfx ers 
haue I recciued >How many ditties aid amorous verfes 
haue I compofed , wherein my foule declared and publi- 
(hed her pafsions,declincd her enflamed defires,entertai- 
ned her remembrance, and recreated her will? In cfte& 
perceiving my felfe to be forced,and that my foule consu- 
med witha perpetual} defire to behold her, I refolued to 
put my defires in execution , and finifhin an inflane chat 


‘| which I deemed moft expedient for the better atchieuing 


of my defired and deferued reward; which was (as I did 
indeede ) to demaund her of her father for my lawfull 
Spoufe. To which he made anfwere , that he did gratifie 
the good will which I fhewed by honouring him, and 
defire to honour my felfe with pawnes that were his: but 
yet fecing my father yet lived , the motion of that matter 
properly moft concerned him. For if it were not done 


with his good Itking and pleafure, Bafcindawas not a |. 


woman to be taken-orgiuen by flealth, I sendred him 


thankes for his good will,his wordes feeming vnto mee | 


very reafonable, at that my father would agree vnto 
them,as foone as I fhould explane the matter; and there- 
fore departcd prefently to acquaint him with my defires ; 
who ac the time which I entered into a chamber, wherein 
he was, flood with a letter open in his hand; and efpying 
me, ere I could breake my minde vnto him, gaue it ine, 
faying: by chat lanes Gardevio, you may gather the de- 


firethat Duke Ricardo beares, to. doe you any pleafure or 
fayour, 


a 


The delightful Hiftorie of the Pant.3. | 


fauour, This Duke Ricardo, asi thinke you know Sirs- 
already, is a Grande of Spaine,whole Dukedome is feated 
in the bea part of all eAmdaluzia. 1 tooke the letter and 
read it; which appeared fo vrgent; as I my felfe accoun- 
ted it would be ill done, ifmy tatber did not accomplifh } 
the contents thereof,which were indeed , that he fhould | 
prefently addreffe me to his Court, tothe end I might be | 
companion(and not feruant )co his eldeft fonne; and that 
he would incharge himfelfe with the aduancing of me to 
fuch preferments as might be anfwerable vnto the value 
and eftimation he made of my perfon. I paft over the 
whole letter,8& was ftruckea dumbe at the reading there- 
of, but chiefly hearing my father to fay Cardenio, thou 
mutt depart within two dayes , to accomplhith the Dukes 
defire ; and omit not torender Almighty God thankes, 
which doth thus open the way,by which thou mayeft at- 
 taine io fine to that which I know thou doeft merite ; and 
to thefe words added certaine others of fatherly counfaile 
and direction. The terme of my departure atriued, and I 
(poke to my Lafcinda ona certaine night,and recounted 
vnto her all that paffed,and likewife co her father, intrea- 
ting him to ouerflip a few daies ,& deferre the beftowing 
of his daughter elfe-where , vneill I went to vnderftand 
Duke Ricardo his will: which he promifed me , and thee 
confirmed it with a thoufand oathes and promifes, Final- | 
ly, [came to Duke Ricardees Court , as was {o friendly re- 
ceiued and encertained by him, as cuen very then enuie 
beganto exercife her accuflomed funtion, being forth-| - 
with emulated by the auncient Seruiters ; periwading 
theinfelues , chat thetokens the Duke fhewed to doe me 
fauours,could not but turne to their preiudice. But hee|: 
that reioyeed moft at mine arrjuall, was a fecond fonne of 
the Dukes called Fernando, who was young, gallant, very 
comcely,liberall,and amorous; who. within a while after 
my ¢omraing held me fo deerely , as euery one wondred 
thereat: and though the elder loucd mewell,and didime |’ 
| fauour. 


é 
=a Ares 1 2m: 


8 


PART. 3. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


favour, yet was it in no refpect comparable to that wher= 
withall Don Fernando lowed and treatcd me. Ie there- 
-| fore befell, chat as there is no fecrefie among friends fo 
ereat,but they will communicate it the one to the other, 
and che fainiliariry which I had with Don Fernando, was 
now paft the limits of fauour, and turncd into decre‘ta- 
mity,hercueaied vnto me all his thoughts, but cti fly 
one ef his loue,waich did not alittle molec him. For he 
was enamoured on a Fariners daughter that was his fa- 
thers vaffall, whofe parents were tnaruellous rich, and fhe 
her felfe fo beautifull,wary difcreetc,and honefl,as neuer 
aone that knew her could abfolutely determine wherein 
..| in which of all her perfections fhe did moft excell or was 
moftaccompl.fhed. And thofe good parts cf che bean- 
tifull countrey-maide reduced Dox Fernando his defires 
to fuch an exigent,as he rcfolued that he might the bet- 
ter eee her good will, and conquere her integrity , to 
Pafle her a proinife of martiage , for otherwife he fhould 
labour to effcét that which was impofsible,and but firiue 
a@aingt the fircame. 1, as one bound thcreunto by our 


wath the beftreafons, & moft efficacious words I might : 
arn d feeing all could not prevaile, I determined to ac- 
quaint the Duke Riearde his father therewithall. But Dox 
Feanando being very crafty and difcreete , fufpected and 
fez red as midch,becaufe he confidered that in thé law of 
Afaithfull feruant , Iwas bound notto conceale a thing 
tha ¢ would curne fo much to the preiudice of the Duke 
my Lord: and therefore bothtodiuert and deceiue me 
at once,thar hie could finde no meanes fo good, to deface 
the remembrance of that beauty out of his minde , which 
beled his bart in fuch fubieétion,then to abfent himfelffor 
Cert aine moneths: and he would likewife haue that ab- 
fene eto be shis, that both of vs fhould depart together, 
and come to myfathets houfe, vader pretence ( ashce 


pen 


fiendfhip,did thwart and diflwade him from his purpofe. 


{Would informe the Duke) chathe went to fee and chea-} 


|__ 223 


The delightful Hifforie of the Pant. 3. 


pen certaine preat horfes that were in the Citie wherein 
I wasborne ; aplace of breeding the beft horfes in the 
world, Scarce had I heard him fay chis (when borne a- 
way by the natural] propenfion each one hath to his 
countrey,and my loue ioynde) although his defignment 
had not beene fo good , yet would I haue ratified it , as 
one of the moft expedient that could be imagined, be- 
caufe I faw occafion and oportunity fo fairely offred, to 
recurne and {ce againe my Lafcinda. And thereof feton 
by this thought and defire, I approued bis opinion, and 
did quicken his purpofe,per{wading him to profecute ie 
with all pofsible fpeede, for abfence would in the end 
work her effectin defpite of the mofl forcible and vrgent 
thoughts; and when he faid thistome, hee had already 


“| yuder the title ofa husband(as it was afterward knowne) 


reaped the fruits of his longing defires , from his beauti- 
full countrey maide, and did onely await an oportunity 
to reveale it without his owne detriment ; fearcfull of 
the Duke his fathers indignation, when he fhould ynder- 
Rand his errour. : 

It afterward hapned that asloue in young men isnor 
for the moft part loue but luff, the which (as it euer pro- 


| pofeth to it felfeas his laft end and period is delight ) fo 


as foone'as it obtaineth the fame, itlikewife decaieth and 
maketh forcibly to retire that which was termed loue ; 
for it cannot tranfgreffe the limits which Nature hath 
afsigned it, which boundings or -meares nature hath in 


| no wife allotted to true and fincere affeCtion. 1 would 


fay that as foone as Dos Ferdinando had inioyed his 
Country laffe,his defites weakned, and his importunities 
waxed colde; and if at the firft he fained an excufe to ab- 
Cent himfelfe, that he might with more facility compaffe 
them,he did now in very good earneft procure to depart 


Duke gaue him licenfe to depart , and commaunded me 
to accompany him. We came to my Citie, where my fa- 
oc ther 


tothe end he might noc put them in execution. -The } 


1! 
{ 
\ { 
4 . 
é 


—s e ~ 


woe ee 


Parr.3.  wittie Knight Don-Quixete. 


ther entertayned him according to his calling. I faw La- 
feinda,and then againe were reuiu'd (although indeedc 


they were neither dead nor mortified) my defires,and ac-. 


quainted Don Fernando (alas to my total] ruine ) with 
them,becaufe I thought it was not lawfull by the law of 
amity to keepe any thing concealed from him. There 
dilated to him, on the beauty, wit, and difcretion of Le- 
{cinda in fo ample manner , as my prayfes Ritred in hima 
defire to view a damzell fo greatly adorned,and inriched 
with fo rare endowments : and this his defire I through 

y misfortune fatished , fhewing her vnto him by the 
light ofa candle, at a window where we two were wont 
co parle cogether; where he beheld herto be fuch,as was 
fufficient to blot out of his memory al the beauties which 


| eucr he had viewed before. He aod mute, befide him- 


felfe and ravifhed : and moreouer refted fo greatly ena- 
moured,as you may perceiue in the Difcourfe of this my 


§ dolefull narration, And to inflame his defires the morc, 


(a thing which I fearefully auoyded , and onely difcoue- 


red to heauen )fortune fo difpofed that he found after me 


one ofher letters, wherein fhe requefted that 1 would 
demand her of her father for wife; which was fo difcreet, 
honeft and amoroufly penned,as he faid after reading it, 
thatin Lafcinde alone were included all the graces of 
beaury and vnderftanding foyntly , which were diuided 
and feparate in all the other women of the world. Yet 
in good feoth I wil hereconfeff: che truth, chat although 
I] faw cleerely how deferuedly Ex{cinda was thus extolde 
by Don Ferdinando , yet did not her prailes pleafe me fo 
much pronounced by him; and therefore beyan to feare 
and fufpect him , becaufe he let no moment ouerflip vs 
without making fome mention ef Lafcinda , and would 
Rill himfelfe begia the difcourfe , were the occafion ever 


(o far-fetched : a thing which rowfed in me I cannot tell 
what iealoufie ; not that I did feare any rraverfein La-, 
| {cindas \eyalty but yet for all my fates made me the very 


fs 
' : 


ie ' 


The delightful Hiflorie ofthe Parr.3. 


thing which they mioft aflured me ; and Dow Ferdizan- 
do proeured to read allthe papers I fent to Lafcinda, or 


fhe to me, ynder pretext that he tooke extraordinary de- 
light to note the witty conceits of vsboth. It therefore 
fell out, that La/cinda hauing demaunded of me abooke 
of Chiualry to reade, wherein fhe tooke marucllous de- 
light,and was that of Amadis du Ganle. 

Scarce had Dox-Quixete well heard him make menti- 


} on of bookes of Knighthood, when he replied to him; if 


you had good Sir but oncetolde me at the beginning of 
your Hiftoricall narration, that your Lady Lafcinda was | 
affected to the reading of Knightly aduentures, younee- 
ded not to haue vied any amplification to indecre or 
make plaine ystome the eminencie of her wit ; which 


} certainly could not in any wife be fo excellent and per- 


{picuous as you haue figured it , if fhe wanted the pro- 
penfion and feeling you haue rehearfed , tothe perufing 
of fo pleafing difcourfes: fo that henceforth with me,you 
need not {pend any more words to explane and manifi ft 
the height ofher beauty, worthes and ynderflanding ; 
for by this onely notice ] haue received of her deuotion 
two books of Knighthood, Idoconfirm her for the moft 
faire and accomplifhed woman for all perfections in the 
world; andJ would to God good Sir, that you hadalfo 
fenther together with Amadis thie Hiftories of the good 
‘Dow Rugel of Grecia; for am certainethe Lady Lufcin- 
da would haue taken great delightin Darayda and Ga-' 
raya,and in the wittie conceits of the Sheepheard Dari- 


] wel,and in thefe admirable verfes of his Bucolickes , fung 


and rehearfed by him with fuch grace, difcretion and li- 
berty, Buta time may come, wherein this faule may be 
recompenced, if it fhall pleafe you to come with me to 
my village ; for there I may giue you three hundred 
bookes, which are my foules greateft contentment, and 
the intertainment of my life ; although I doe now verily 


beleeue that none of them are left,thankes beto the ma- 


i, lice: 


Parr. 26 wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


lice of euill and énuious inckanters. And I befeech you 
to pardon me this tranfgreffion of our ayreementat the 
firtt,promifed net to interrupt your Difcourfes : for when 
I heare any motion made of Chiualry or Knights errant , 
itis no more in my power to omit to fpeake of them, 
then in the Sunne-beames to leaue off warming,or in the 
Moones to render things humid.¢And therefore I intreat 
pardon,and that you will profecute your Hiftory , which 
is that which mo{t imports vs. 

Whileft Don - Quixote {poke thofe wordes Cardexio 
hanged his head on his breft, giuing manifeft cokens that 
he was exceeding fad, And although Dose Quixete re- 
quefted him twice to follow on with his Difcourfe, yet 
neither did he lift vp his head, or anfwer a word, till at laft 
after he had ftood a good while mufing , hee held vp his 
head and {aid ; it cannot be taken out of my minde, nor 
is there any one in the world can depriue me of the con- 
ceit,or make me beleeue the contrary : and hee were a 
bottle-head that would thinke or beleeue other wife then 
thatthe grea villaine, Mafter Eli/abat the Barber kept 
Queene CMadafimaas his Lemman, That is not fo I 
vow by fuch and fuch,quoth Don. Quixote in great cho- | 
ler(and as he was wont, rapt out three or foure round 
oathes)and it is great malice,or rather villanyto fay fuch 
a thing. For Queene (Madafinea was a very noble Lady, 
and it ought net to be prefumed that fo high aPrincefic 
would fall in loue with a Quack-faluer: and whofoeuer 
thinkes the contrary,lies like an arrant villaine; as I will 
make him vnderfland a horfebacke ora foote , armed or 
difarmed,by night or by day,or as he beft liketh. Carde- 
nio Qood beholding him very earnefily as he {poke thefe 
wordes,whom the accident of his madnefle had by this 
poffeffed,and was not in plight to profecute his Hiftory : 
nor would Don- Quixote gine eare to it, he was fo migh- 
tily difgufted to heare Queene Madajimsa detracted. A 
marucllous accident, for he cooke her defence‘asearneft- 


227 


Q2 a. |. ee 


22.9 


The delightful Hiftorie ofthe Pant.3. 


ly,as it fhe were verily his true and naturall Princeffe; his 
wicked bookeshadfo much diffracted him, And (ar- 
denio being by this furioufly madde,hearing himfelfe an- 
{wered with the lie, and the denonsination of a villaine, 
with other the like outrages, he tooke the reftin ill part, 
and lifting vp a ftone that was neere ynto him,gaue Don- 
Quixote Fach a blow therewithall, as he overthrew him | 
totheground on his backe, Sancho Panca feeing his 
Mafter fo roughly handled , fet vpon the foole with his 
fift fhut ; and the ragged man received his affaule in fuch 
manner,as he likewife ouerthrew him to his feete with 
one fift,and mounting afterward vpon him, did worke 
him with his feete like a piece of dough: and the Goat- 
heard who thought to {uecour him , was like to incurre 
the fame danger. And after hee had ouerthrowne and }. 
beaten them all very well,he departed fom them and en- |- 
tred into the wood very quietly. Sancho arofe, and with 
rage to fec himfelfe fo belaboured without defert , he ran 
vpor the Goatheard to be reuenged on him , faying that 
he was is the fault, who had not premonifhed them,how 
that mans rauing fits , did take him{o at times; for had 
they beene aduertifed thereof, they might haue ftood all 
the while on their. guard. The Goatheard an{wered, that 
| he had already aduifed them thereof; and if hee had not 
beene attentive thereunto , yet he was therefore nothing 
the more culpable. Sancho Panca replied , and the | 
Goatheard made areioyndrie thereunto, but their difpu- 
cation ended at laft,in the catching hold of one anorhers 
beards, and befifting themfelues fo vncompaffionately,as 
if Don- Duixote had not pacificd them, they would haue 
torne one another to. pieces. Sancho holding fill the 
Goatheard faft, faidvnto his Lord, Let mee alone Sir 
: Knight of the if fawouredface , for onthis man whois a 
| Clowne as Iam my-felfe,and dubbed Koight,] may fafely 
{atisfie my felfe of che wrong he hath done me, by fight- 
inp with him hand co hand like aa honourable man. Ic.is 


Priie 


— 
— ’ 


PaRr.3.  — wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


true,quoth Don- Oxixote,but I know well that he is no 
wife culpable of that which hath hapned, And fying fo 
appeafedthem; and turned againe to demaund of the 
_ Goatheard , whether it were poffible to meet again with 
(ardenio;for he reniained poffeffed with an excecding 
defire to know the end of his Hiflory. The Goathcars 
turned apaine to repeat what he had faid at the fir, tc 
wit,that he knew not any certaine place of his abode; bu: 
if he haunted that Commarke any while,he would fome- 
time meete with him, eyther in his madde or modct! 
humour,” arr a 


Cap. XI. 


which treates of the firange adventares that hayned to | 


the Knight of the Mancha, in Sierra Morena: and 
of tle penance he did there, it imitation of Belti, 
nebros, | 


at 


CHF on- Quixote took leatie of rhe Goatheard, 
e & mouncingonce again on Rozinante,he 
m% commanded Sanchoto follow him,who 
» obdayed, but with a very ill ovill ; and chus 


Be they trauelléd by little and little, entring | 


a ; into the thicke(t and rougheft part of all 
the mountaine : and Sascho went almoftburft witha de- 
fire to reafon with his Mafter, and therefore wifhed in 
minde that he would once begin, that he might not tranf- 

rcfle his commaundement of filence impofed on him, 
Bu growing at laft wholly impotent to containe himfelfe 
{peechlefle any longer : Good Sir Dow-Qwixote , I pray 
you giue me your bleffing,and licenfe; for I meanc to de- 
part from this place,and return to my houfe,my wife and 
children, with whom] thall be at leaft admitted to reafon 


aad {pcake my pleafure ; of — you would —— 


229 


a ens 


ee ee 
230 The delightful Hiftorieofthe =P xrr.3.| 


rt 
hane me keepe you company through thefe defarts aight | 
and day,and that I may not peake when I pleafe,, is bur 
to bury me aliues Yet iffortune had fo happily difpofed | 
our affaires, as that beaftes could fpcake.as they didin 4 
Guifopetes time,the harme had beene leffe,for.thea would * 
I dilcourfea while with Roxinante ({geing my niggardby : 
fortune hath net confented ¥ might doe it with mine |: 
Affe)what I thought good , & in this fort would I weaue | 
my mithaps ; for it is a ubborne thing , andthat cannot 
be borne with patience,to trauell all the dayes of our life, 
and notto encounter any other thing then tramplings 
vader feeve,tofsings in Couerlets , blowes of ftones , and 
buffets, and be befides all this forced to fow vp our 
mouthes,a man daring not to breake his minde, butto 
Aland mute like a poft. Savcho I wnderftand thee now , 
quoth Dan- Quixete, thou dieft with longing-to Vpeake: 
chat which I: haue forbidden thee to. fpeake':. account | 
therefore thatcommanndementreuoked, and fay what 
. chou pleafeft , on condition that this reuocation be onely | 

auaileable and of force whileft we dwell in thefe moun-: 
taines, an@nodonger, °° wk Oe 
So be it,quoth Sancho,let me. fpeake now y for what |: 
. may after befall, God oncly knows; and then beginning | 
to take the benefite of his licenfe , he faid , Ipray youtcll } 
; me what benefice could you reape by;taking Queene | 
| Magima/ai Or what was itto the purpofe’that chat Ab- | 
bac was her friend or no ? For if you had Jet-it ‘flip , fecing 

you were not his Judge,I verily beleeue thatthe foole ha 
profecuted histale,and we fhould haue efcaped the blow 
of the ftone,the trampling ynder feeteand f{purnings, yea 
and nore then fiue.or fixe good buffets, ¥faith Sancho, 
quoth Don- Quixote, lf thou knewett as wellas I did how 
honourable and principall a La, was Queene Mada/imma, 
‘ thou wouldcft rather fayichat Thad preat patience, feeinp 
Idid not (trike thee on the mouth out of which fuch blaf- 
phemies iffued - for itis a very great difonour to anerre 


m.- -_ 


—~—o.- 


ee 


PART. 3. withie Knight Box-Quixote. 


w+ 


(231 | 


or thinke chat any Queene would fall in loue witha Bar- 
ber. Por the truch of the Hiftory is, chat Mafter Ehs/abat, 
| of whom the madde man {pok¢,was very prudent , and a. 
than of 3 found iudgement, and ferued the Queéencas her 
| Furor 8 Philition sbut té thinké chat, fhé was his Lem- 
} mon is amadneffe worthy the fcucreft punifhment : and 
} tothe end thou mayeft fee'that Cardento knew riot what 
he faid, thou muft vndet(tand that when he {poke it , hee 
shen was-wholly befidehimfelfe 
| Thats ic which 1 fay, Quioth Sdwcho,, ‘that you ought’ 
trot to make account of wotdes fpoken by afoole; for if, 
fortune had not affifted you,but dreffed the ftoneto your. 
head asic did to your breft, we fhould haue remained in 
| tae plight ; for hauing turned fo earneftly in thar my: 
‘atlies defence, whoin Gad.confound : and thinké you! 
that Cardenio would not efcapethe dangers of the Bt, 
By reafon of his madneffe, Any Knight errant, anfwered 
Don- Quixote,is bound to turne for the honour of wo- 
men,of what quality foeuer, againft mad or vamad men: 
How muth more ‘for Queenes of fo high degrée‘and]} - 
wotth,as was Queene (Madefina ,to whom I beare par- 
ticular affections for her good partes : for befides her be- 
mg maruellous beautifull , fhee was moreouer very pru- 
dene and patient in her calamities, which were very ma- 
ny,and the company aiid counfels of Mafter Eli/abat pro- 
ued very betieficiall, and neceflary to induce her to beare 
ter se with prudence and patience : and hence the 
enorant and ill-meaning vulgar tooke oecafion to f{u- 
| (pc& and affirine,that fhe was his friend , but 1 fay againe 
theylie ,’ andalkthnfe chat doeeither thinke or fay it, doc 
| Jie’'a thoufand times. Why.quoth Sancho, I neyther fay | . 
atnor thinke it; let chofe affirme any fuch thing, cate that | 
lie and fwallow it with their bread : and if they of whom 
you fpoke, liued lightly, they haue piven account te God 
there: fby this.’ come from my Vineyard ».1 know no- 


‘hing. Lamnoca friend to know othcr mens lives. F _ 


— 


| which thou haft recited ? Honclt Sancho hold thy peace, 


| although the Die might runne in {uch fort, as-we might. 


eee eer eran ee ee ae Seer 
23% | The delightful Hiftorie ofthe Pant.3. | 


he that byes and lyes fhall feele it in his purfe. How much | 
more.{eeiog I was borne naked,and am now naked,I can: 
neither win norlofe. And if they were leuyed, what is. 
that for me ? And many thinke there is Bacgn;,.and there , 
is but flakes ? But how can they fet gates to thefield, {pe-' 
cially feeing they fpake ill of God himfelfe ? Good God, } 
quoth Dox -- Quixote, how many follies haft thou inferted ; 
here,and how wide from our purpofe.are thofe proverbs 


| and from henceforth endeavour to ferue thy. Mafter, and 
‘| ‘do not meddle id things which cgncern thee nothing ; & 
vnderftend with al thy fiue fenfes,that whatfoeuer I haue 
| done,do,or fhall do is wholly guided by reafon , & con- 
| formable to the rules sf Kaichcioad, which Lknow ber- 
ter then all the other Knights that ever profelt tHem. in 
| the world. Sir,quothSaxcho, and is it a. goud rule of 
| Chiualry, that we goc, wandring and Joft among thefe 
| mountains in this fort, withqur path or. way in the feareh 

ofa mad-man , to whoin peraduenture after he isfound., 
twill returne adefre'ta finith what he began , nat. of hig 
tale,but of your head andimy nbdes, by endeucuring to 
breake them foundly and throughly 2Pcace I fay Sancho, 
once againe,quoth Dor- Onixore,tor thou mult wit,thar 
the defire of finding the mad-man alone  -brin; ¢ me.not 
into thefe parts fommucli,as that which I haue jn my mind 
to atchieue a certaine adueature,by which I hall acquire. 
eternall renowneand fame , throughout the vniverfall | 
face ofthe carth sand J fhall therewithall feale all thar { 
which may rendera Knight ecrant complete.and famous. | 
And is the aduenture very dangerous., quoth Sancho 


Panta? No, anfweredthe Knight of the ill fanaured face, | 


cafta hazard in Reed ofan incounter; bur all confiftsin 
thy d:figence, In mine,quoth Sancho ? Yes( quoth Der- 
Quirote ) for. if thougeturneft {pcedily from: the place 
{ whereunto'l meane to fend thee, my paine wiltalfo end 

e Lic nwesles 


Part. 3. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 
fhortly,& my glory commence very foone after :and be- 
caufe I will not hold thee long fufpended , awayting to | 

-heare the effect of my words, would have thee to know, 
that the famous ef madis da G anle, was one of the moft 
accomplifhed Knights errant. I do not fay well, faying ' 
he was one; for he was the onely, the firft, ehe ynike and 
the Lord of as many asliued inhisage. An euill yeare, 

and aworfe moneth fer Dom Belianes or any other that 

{Chall dare prefume to compare with ‘him ; for 1 {weare 

‘Phar they all are queftionlefle-deceiued. 1 alfo fay‘that 

-when.a Painter would become rare and excellent in his 
arte,he procures to imicace che patternes ofthe moff fin- 
gular Mafters of his fcience. And this very rule runnes 

‘cuccam ehtouphdue all other trades and cxerciles of ac- 
count, which ferie to adorne a well difsoféd Commop- 


wealth; 2nd fo ought aid doth he that meartes to obtain | 


| che name ofa prudent and patient naa , by imitating V- 
pfs, whote.perfon and dangersdoth Homer delineate 
@nto'rs the ttuc portaiture ofpaticnce and fuftétance’; as 
| ikewufe Mergil demonftraces vider the Perfon of Eves’, 
the dastyand valour of'a pious fofine,atid-the fagadity of 
2 hardy and expert Captaine, not fhewing themrfuch as 
indeede they-were, but as they fhouldbe , to remaine as 
an example of Vercue,to- enritio poftcrities, - And in this 
very mnaniacr.was e4 madss the Northt-flat:aiid the Swine 
of valoroussndamerous Knights;whom all we ought to 
imitate which march vnderthe enfignes of loue and Chi- 
ualry, Andthis being fo manifeft as itis , I finde friend 
Sancho, that the Knight errant who thall imitate him 
molt, fhall likewife be neereft to ateaine the perfeCtion of 
armes: and that whereitrehis Knight bewrayed imnoft his | 
_ prudence, valour, courage, patience, conftancy and touc 
was when he retyred himlelte t0 doc penance, being dif 
dained by his Lady Oriana to the Poore Rocke, changing | 
his name vnto that of Belenchros, aname certainly mof! 


fignificati d for the life’ which hee had then | 
gni ue and proper neva 


a ee 


2 


wh SD 


4, 


De cees e woon * 


~The aelightfull Hifforie of the | -P-awr.3. 


| willingly chofen, And I may more eafily imitate: him 
herein,then in cleauing of Grants, beheading of Serpents, 
killing of Monfters ouerthrowing of armies, putting Na-. 
uics to flipht, and finifhing of inchantmeats,And teeing | 
| chat chis:Mountaine is fo fic for that purpofe, thereis no 
} reafon why | fhould ouerflip the occafion, whieh dath fo: 
commodionfly proffer me her logkes. In effect ;-quoth. 
S anche,what is it you mean to do inthefe remote places? 
Hane net I toldeco thee already {aid Don. Quixote, that J, 
meaneto followie made ; by playing heere the difpat: 

red, wood,and furious man, To imitate likewifé the vali- 
ant Orlando where he found the tokens by a fourtaine; 
that Angelica the fare hadabufedher felfe with uAlede- 
xo,for griefe whergofhe ranmad, and pluckevp treesby | 
cheir. rootes,traubled the water ef cleere fountaines,flew ; 
Shcepheards,deftroyed their flocks, fired the theep-folds, 
overthrew houfes,crayled Mares after hien., and commit. 
ted a hundred thoufand other infolencies , worthy of ¢= 
ternall fame.and memory. And although] medne notte 
imitate Roldan, or Orlando, or-Rewland { for heehad all 
thele:names ) exadtly in cuery madde prancke which hee 


which fhall feeme vata gic moft eflentiall. Aad perhaps I 
may reft contented with ch¢ only imicarion of dnedis; 
whotwithaut indamtaging any by his sayings »8-only ve 
hog chefe of feeling: Jaments, arriving to-as greatfame | 
therby as anyone whatfoeuer, . Et ay 
Ibeleeue,replied Sanche, that the Knights which per- | 
formed the like. penances., were'moped by fome reafons | 
to doe the like aufterities.and follies:but good Sir, what |, 
occafion hath beene offered vato youro become madde? 
What Lady hath difdained you ? Or what arguments |! 
_haue you found that the Lady Dalcinea of T obofo hath e- 
uer dallied with ALoore or, Chriftian?There is the point, 
janfwered our Knight,and therem confilts the perfeéhion 
,of mine affaires ; for that a Kniphcerrant doe runne mad 


_ = One + - 


played, Yet will doeit thebelt Ican, in thofe things | 


a ae 


en ee i , - - eetes  . 


| Parr.3. - wméttie Knight Don-Quixote. 


Ly 
pon aity -iuft océafion ;' defertes heyther prayfe nor 
| thankes : the wit is in waxing madde without canfe, ° 
| whereby-my Maflersmay yaderiland, that ifdrie, lcould | 
{ doe this, what would I hate done being watered ? How 
| much mofe feeing Phadé 2 inft ¢métive througtithe pro. | 
| lixe ablence that I haueimzd¢ from my cuet-fpeemef | 
LadyD acthea of Tbofr.For as thou mighteft haue heard . 
readin Marias Antbrofiohis Shecpheard: "| 
fcc °° 'Tehimtbatabfentis — , 
AD Men ees © ge Allthings Acéed anmmffe. a 2 ! 
} So thatfiend Sancho 2) would not tidte thee lauith rime. 
Jonger ivaduifing cd let flip fo'yaresfo happy, and fingular | 
| an imisation, Iam madde,and will be madde,vnull thou ' 
} returné again With anfwere vpbn a lecter, which ] meane 
{ ta fend with weto my Lady Delcined ¢'and if itbefuch: 
| aseny Riyalcie defettles; diy tadneffe and. penance ftiall | 
| end: but ifthe contrary, J fhall ranne wood in good car- | 
neft,and be inthat Rate thar T fhall apprehend norfeele. 
any thine, So that howfoeucr I be an{wered, I fhalt iffue 
out of the confi and painewtrerein thowleaueft me , by 
ioying the good thot flidlt bring me,as wife, or not fee- 
ling the euill thou (halt denounce as wood. Bur tell me 
Sancko,keepeftthou charily yet the helmet of ALZamoéri-: 
no which] {aw thee take vp from the ground the other | 
day, when that vrgratefial fellow‘thouy he to haue broken | 
Rt intopicces;but couldnot; by which may be collected 
theexcellent cemperthereof? | - 
_ Sanehoan{werrd té this demaund,faying,} cannot fuf- 
fer or beare longer Sir Knight of the ill fanonred face, nor 
take patiently many things which you fay, and I begin to 
firfpect by your words thatall that which you haue faid 
to me of Chidalry , and of gaining Kinedomes and Em- 
pires,ot beftowing Hands and other gifts & great things, 
_as Knights errant are wont, are all matters of ayre anc 
lies,all eoufenage or coufening,or how elfe you pieafe tr. 


terme it: for hethac fhall heare you name a Barbers ee 
» ; . Lota 


~ —- 


=a we 


The delight fell Hiflorie of the Parts Be. 


fon CMambrinos helmet,and that you willnat abandon: 
that errour in more then foure daycs; what other can he 
thinke,but that he who affirmes {ucha thing doth-want. 
witand difcretion, I carry the Bafon in my.bagee all: 
battered and bored,and will have it mended, and dreffe. 
my beard in it at home, if God fhal] doe me the fauor that, 
] may one day fee my wifeand bames. Behold Sancho, 
quoth Den- Quixote] doe hkewifc {wearethacthou haft 
the fhalloweft pate that euer any Squire had or hath in 
the world zis it pofsible, that in all rhe time thou haft: 
1 ponewijth me ,thoucouldeft not perceiue, thas all the. 
{ aduentures of Knights errant doc appeare Chimeras,fol- 
| lies and defperate things, being quite contrary ? Not that , 
| they are indecd fuch,but rather by reafon that weare fil 
| haunted by a crew of inchanters, which chaurige and | 
| transforme our aétes, making them feeme what they 
pleafe,according’‘as.they like to fauour or annoy vs, And 
fo this which feemes to thee a Barbers-bafon, is in my 
conceitt Mambrine his Helmcr; and to another will a 
peare in {ome other aa ti And it‘is doubrlefly dane by 
the profound {cience of the wifeman my friend , to make 
4 that feemea Bafon,which really and truely is Af ambri- 
noshelmet: becaufe that it being fo pretiousa Jewell, all 
the world would purfue.me to depriue me of it; but now 
} feciag that itis fo like a Barbersbafon,they endevour not 
ro paine it; as was cleerely fhewed in him that thought 
to breake it the other day’, and would not carryit. with 
him, but left it lying behind him on the ground, for yfaith |. 
he had neuer Icft it,did he know the worthinefle thereof. 
Keepe it friend , for I ncece it not at this prefene wherein 
I muft rather difarmne my felfe of the armes | weare, and 
remaine as naked as] was at thehoure of my birth: if I 
fhrall take the humour rather to imitate Orlando in doing 
of my penance then Amadis. ‘ 
-Whilft thus he difcourfed he arriued to the foote of a | 
lofty mountaine, which Rood like a hewen rocke,diuided 
C. 


Part. 3. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. | 


Speen deme rene ne ee nde Te see 
from all the reft ; by the fpiric whereof glided a {mooth 
Riuer hemmed in on euery fide by a greene and flourifh- 
ing meddow., whofe verdance did maruelloufly delight 
the greedy-beholding eye. There were in it alfo many 
wilde trees and fome plants and flowers which rendred 
the place much more pleafing. The Knight of the ill-fa. 
soured face made choice of this place to accomplifh ther- 
in his penance: and therefore as foone.as he had viewed 
it,he began to fay with a loud voyce, like a diftra&ted man 
thefe words enfuing : This is the place where the humor 
of mine eyes thall increafe the liquid veynes of this Cry- 
fiall current: and my continuall and deepe fighes fhall 
giue perpetuall motion to the leaues of thefe mountainy 
trees,in teflimony of the paine which my epprefied heart 
doth suffer. O:-you, whofoeuer ye be rufticall Gods,which 
haue your Manfion in this inhabitable place,giue eare to 
the plaints of this ynfortunate lover, whom a long ab- 
fence,and afew imagined fufpitions haue conducted to 
deplore his ftate among thefe defarts; and make him ex- 
claime on the rough condition of that ingrate and faire, 
who isthe toppe,the Sunne,the period, terme and end of 
all humane beauty. Oye Napeas and Driades, which do 
wontedly inhabite the Thickets and Groues., fo may the 
nimble and lafciuious Satyres', by whom ( although in 
vaine) you are belowed, neuer haue power to interrupt 
your {weete re(t,as you fhall afift me to lament my difa. 
‘| fers, oratleaflattend chem whileft I dolefully breath 
them. O Dalcinea of T obafo,the day of my night, the glo- | 
ry of my paine,North of my trauels , and ftarre of my for- 
tunes: fo heaven inrich thee with the higheft, whenfoe- 
ver thou fhale demaund it,asthou-wilt confider the place 
and paffe vnto which thine abfence hath conduted me, 
and an{were my faith and defires. in compaffionate and |. 
gracious manner. O folitary trees ( which fhall from 
hence forward keepe company with my-folitude)giucto~ 
ens with thefoft motion of your bowes, ‘that my Pre- | 


eer cre 


| 237 


238 


Se Ee a bo 


The delightfull Hifforie of the P an.3. 


(ence doth not diflike you. O thou my Squire,and grate” 
full companion in all profperous and aduerfe fucceffes, | 
beare well away,what thou {hale fee me doc here, to the 
end that thou mayeft after promptly recount it to the to- 
tall caufe of my ruine. And faying fe, he allighted from 
Roxinante,and taking off ina trice his bridle and faddle, 
he firucke him on the buttocke, faying , He giues thee li- 
berty,that wants it himfelfe : O horfe , as famous for thy 
workes as thou art vnfortunate by thy fates, Goe where 
thou pleafet, for thou beareft written in thy forehead, 
how that neyther the Hippogriphon of Ajfolpho , nor the 
renowned Frestine, which coft Bradamant {fo deerely 
could compare with thee for {wiftnefle. 

When Sancho had viewed and heard his Lord fpeake 
thus, he likewife faid,Good betide him that freed vsfrom 
the paines of vnpannelling the gray Affe; for if hee were 
here yfaich he fhould alfo haue two or three claps on the 
buttockes,and a fhort’ Oration in his praife: yet if hee 
were here, I would not permit any other to vnpannell 
him,feeing there was no occafion why ; for he good beaf 
was nothing {ubieét to the paffionsof loue,or difpaire no 
more then I, who washis Mafter when it pleafed God. 
And in good footh Sir Knight of the ill-fanonred face, if 
my departure and your madnefle be in good carneft, it 
will be needfull to faddle Rozinanteagaine , that hee may 
\ fupply the want of mine Affe; for it will fhorten the time 
of my departure,and returne againe: and if I make my 
voyage a foote,] know not when | fhall arriue there, or 
teturne here backe vnto you ; for in pood earneftI am a 
very illfootman, Letit be as thou likeft, quoth Don- 
_Luixote , for thy defigne difpleafeth me nothing ; and 

therefore I refolue that thou fhalt depart from hence af- 
\ tertkre: daycs, forin the meane {pace thou fhalt beholde 
what J willdoeand fay for my Ladies fake, to the end 
thou maiefl cell it to her. Why,quoth Sascho,what more 
can I view,then that which I haue feenejalready # Thou 


| 


PART. 3. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


artalrogether wide of the matter, anfwered Don- Dui- 
xote,for I mutt yet teare mine apparrel, chrow away mine 
armour, and {trike my head about thefe rockes, with ma- 
ny other chings of that kinde, that will flrike thee into 
admiration, Letme bzfeech you,quoth Sancho,fee well 
how you giue your felfe thofe knockes about the rockes ; 
for you might happcn voon fome onc {> vngracious a 
rocke,as at the firft rappe would diflolue all the whole 
Machina of your aduentures and penance. And there- 
fore I would be of opinion, feeing that you doe holde it 
neceffary that fome knockes be giuen, withthe head,and 
that this enterprife cannot bec-accomplifhed without 
them,that you content’ your felfe, feciny that all is but 
fained,counterfeited,and a icft,that you fhould,]fay,con- 
cent your felf with ftriking it on the water, or on fomeo- 
ther foft ching,as Cotton or Woo)!,& lcaue to my charge 
the exaggeration thereof, for I will tell to my Ladie that 
you flrike your head againft the point of arocke, which 
‘was harder then a Diamond. . 

Ithanke thee Saxcho for thy good will , quoth Den- 
Quixote butl canaflure thee that all thefe things which 
I doc are noicfts, but very ferious earnefis , tor otherwife 
we fhouldtranfureffe the Statutes of Chiualry , which 
commmaund vs not to auouch any vntruth , on paine of re- 
lapfe,and to doe onc thine for another jis as much asto 
lie, So that my head-knockes muftbe true, firme, and. 
found ones, without any fephifticall or fantafticall fhad © 
dow: and it will be requifite that thou Jeaue me fome 
linte to cure me, fecing that fortune hath depriued vs of 
the Bulfamnm which we loft. Itwas worte to haue lof 
the Affe, quoth Sancho, fecing tizt at once with him we. 
hauc left our Jinte,and all cur other prouifion: and I in- 
treat you moftearne(tly not toname againe that accur. 
fed drinke,’or in onely hearing it mentioned, you net on- 


| ly turne my guts in me,but alfo my foule And I requeft 


you mroreouer to make accountthat tie) terme of three 
rould haue mee 


dayes is already expired, wherein you w 


239 


The delightfull Hifforie of the P anr.3. 


take notice of your follies; for I declare them already for 
feene,and will tell wonders to my Ladie = wherefore go 
write your Letter, and difpatch ne with all haft ; for 1 
long already to returne, andtake you out of this Purga- 
tory, wherein Heaue you. Doft thou call it a Purgatory 
Sancho,quoth Don- Quixote ? Thou hadit done better 
had{t thou called it hell,or rather worfe, if there be any 
thing worfe then that. I callit fo (quoth Sanebe) quia in 
inferno nulla eff retentio, as | hauc heard fay. I vnderftand 
not, {aid Don- Quixote , what retentio meaneth. Retentio 
(quoth Sancho )is that, whofoeuer is in hell neuer comes, 
nor can come out efit. Which fhall fall out contrary in 
your perfon , or my fect fhall goe ill if I may carry {fpurs 
te quicken Rezisantezand that I may fafely arriue before 
my Lady Dalciea in Tobefo , for] will recount ynto her 
fuch ftrange things of your follies and madneffe( for the 

be all one)that you haue done ,and doe daily, as I will 
make her as foft as a gloue , although I found her atthe 
fir(t harder then a Corke tree : with whofe {weet and ho- 
nie anfwere I will returne in the aire as {peedily as a 
Witch, and take you out of this Purgatory, which isno 
hell alchough ic feemes one, feeing there is hope to c- 
fcape from it; which as 1 haue faid they want which are 
in hell s and I beleeue you will not contradi& me herein. 
Thou haft reafon, anfwered the Kuight of the sll fanoured 
faee,but how fhall I write the Letter ? and the warrant 
for the receig of the Colts alfo,added Sancho, All fhail be 
inferted together , quoth Don- Quixote: and feeing wee 
haue no paper, we may doe well , imitating the auncient 
men of times paft,to write our mind in the leaues of trees 
Oo: Waxe;‘yet waxe is as hard to be found here as paper. 
But now that I remember my felfe, I know where wee 
may write out minde well,and more then well, to wit in 
Cardenios Tablets, and thou fhalt haue care to caufe the 
l tcers tobe written out againe fairely in the firft village, 
wherein thou flialt finde.a Schoole-mafter; or if fch a 


. one 


ane en eae 


2 ——— 


Panr.3. °. wittie Knight Dow-Quixete. 


ware in any fort , chat thou piuc it not to a Notary or 
Court-Clerke to bee copied ; for they write fuch an in- 
tangling-confounded proceffe letter , as Sathax himfelfe 
would {carce beable to reade it. And how fhal] we doc 
for want of yourname and fubfcription , quoth Sache ? 
Why,anfwered Don- Quixete,ed madis was nevcr wont 
to fubfcribe to his Letters. Ibutthe warrant to receiue 
the three Affes muft forcibly be fubfigned : and if ix 
fheuld afterward be copied , they would: fay the former 
is falfe,and {0 I fhall reft without my Colees. The war- 
rant fhall be written and firmed with my hand in the Ta- 
blets,which as foone as my Nicce fhall fee, the will make 
no difficulty to deliver thee them, And as concerning the 


loue letter, thou fhale put this fubfcription to. it ; Yours. 


until death, the Knighe of the ill fanowred faces And it 
makes no matter though ite written by any {tranger,for 
asmuch asI can remembes Dadcmsea can weyther write 
ner read : nor hath fhe feene any Letrer , no nor as much 
as a CharaCter of my writing all the dayes ofher life. For 
my loue and hers have beene ever Platonicai! , newer ex- 
tending themfelues farther,thea toan honeft regard, and 
view the onc ef che other: and euen this fame fo irae 


as I dare boldly {weare, that in thefe dozen yeares whtich | 


I loue her more deerely then the light of chefe mine eyes, 
which the earch thal] one day dewoure , I haue not feene 
her foure times, and perhsps of thofe fame foure times 
the hath fcarce perceiued once that] beheld her. Such is 
the care and clofeneffe wherewithallher parents Loren- 
co Corcnele and her mother Aldenca Nogales , have 


-broughthervp. Tata,quoth Sanche,that the Lady Dat- 


cinea of T obo 1s Lorenco Corchuelohis daughter , called 


by anothername Aldenca Lerence ? The {ame is fhee, | | 


quoth Den- Qnixete,and it is fhe that merites to be Em- 

preffe of the vaft Vniuerfe. J know her very well, HAS 

Sancho,and I dare fay , chat fhecan throw an Iron barre 
e fae) 


one be wanting , by the Clerke of the Church : and be- | 


241 


242 


. 
ee eae awe wre 
> eo 
e 


| chat hall honour heras his Lady. Out vpon her, whata 


| ing alwaies to the fielde , expofedto the Sunne and wea- 


. The delightfull Hiftorie ofthe .Panr.3. | 


ee ee 
as welkag any the (lrongett ladde in our Parifh.. I vow by | 


the giver, thattis a wench of ché marke tall and flout,and 
fo Rturdy withall,that fhe will bring her chinne ont of the | 


mire, in, defpite of any Knight erranc, or that fhallerre, 
| 


the coppe of the Church fleeple to call certaine feruants 
of her fathers,that labored in a fallow field; and although | 
cney were halfc a leaguefromthence, they heard her as 
wellas ifthey were at the foote of the Steeple: and the : 
be(t chat is in her is,that fhe is nothing coy,for fhe hath a | 
very great firracke of Courthhip , aud playes with euery | 
one,ai.d sites and jefls ac them: 1 And now I afhrire Sir 
Knight of the ill fanonred face that not.only you may,and 

ougntto commitraving follies for her fake , but eke you | 
may with iuft cicle alfo difpgireend hang your felfé: for | 
yone fhall heare thereof bu@pall fay you did very well, 

aithough the Diuell carried you away. Aod faine would 

1 be gone, ific were for nothing elfe bu to feeher: for ic | 
is many a day fince Ifawher,, and I am fare the is chan. | 
ged by this : for womens beauty is much impaired by go- 


firength and voyce fhe hath? L faw her ona day (tand on : | 


ther. And I willnow Sir Don- Quiaote , confeffe a truth | 
vuto you,that J haue lived vat now in ama: uellous er- 
rour, thinking well and faithfully that the Lady, Dufeme.s 
was fome great Princefle, on whom you were enamou- 
red,orfuch a perfon as merited thofe rich prefents which 
you bellowed on her, as well of the Bi/casnes,as of the 
Slaues,and masy others that oughtto be, asI {uppofe, 
correfpondentto the many victories which you haue gai- 
ned, both now and ia the time chat I was not your Squire. 
But pondering well the matter, I cannot conceiue why 
the Lady Aldonca Lorenco; 1 meane the Lady Daleinea 
of Tobofo,of thefe fhould care whether thefe vanquifhed 
men which you fend or fhall fend, do goe and knecle be- 
fore her ? For it may befall that the at the very time ‘of 
| - . their 


P ART.3. wistie Knight Don-Quixote, 


eheirarrivall bee combing of flaxe, orthrefhing inthe 
barne,whercat they would be afhamed, and fhe likewife 
laugh and be fomewhat difpleafed at the prefenr. 

Thaue elfe told thee Sarcho many times that thou art 
toe preacapratier, quoth Don-Quwixete, andakhough 
chou haft bue a groffe witte , yet now and then thy 
fcumps nippe : butto the end thou mayeft perceiue the 
faulcineffe of thy braine and my difcretion,I will tell thee 
a fhort hiftory, which 1s this: There was once a widdow 
faire , young, free, rich, and withall very pleasant and io- 
cund, that fell in loue with a cercaine round and wel-fer 
feruant of a Colledge :his regent came to vaderftand it, 
and therefore faid on a day to the widdow by the way of 
‘raternall correction. Miltreffe I do greatly maruell , and 
not without occafion that a Woman fo principal, fo beau- 
| cifull,and fo rich, and {pecially fo wittic, could make fo ill 
a choice,as to waxe enatwwoured.on fo-foule, fo bale , and 
fookfha man as fucha one, we hauing in this houfe fo 
mary Mafters of Arte Graduates, and Divines, amongit 
whomy ou might haue made choife as amongPcares, fay- 
ing Iwill take this,and.F will not haue that ? But fhe an- 
{wered him thus, with a very pleafant and good grace ; 
You are Sir greatly deceiued , if you deeme that I hauc 
made an ill choifein fuch a one , let him feeme neuer fo | 
great a foole,for tothe purpofe that I meaneto vie him, 
he knowes as much or rather more Philofophy then 4- 
| riStotle,. And {o-Sancho likewile isDalcmea of T obof as 
much worth as the higheft Princeffe of the world,for the 
eff: I meane to vfe her. For all the Poets which cele- 
brace certaine Ladies at pleafure,thinkeft thou that-they 


all had Mifireffe.? No, Doft thott belecue thac the Ama- } i. 


rillss the Frles,Situias,Dianas, Galateas , Alcidas, ando- 
thers fuch like, wherewithall the bookes,ditties, Barbers 
fhops,and Theaters are filled, were truely Ladies of fleth 
and bones, and their Miftreffes which haue and dee cele- 
brace them thus ? No certainly , buc were for the greater 

_ R 3 . par t 


nena 


The delightful Hiflovieofthe P xxt.3. | 


part fained,to ferae as a fubiect of their verfes, to the end | 

the authours might be accounted amorous, and men of | 

courage enough to be fuch, And thus it 13 alfo fufficient ‘ 
for meto beleeue and thinke that theyood eS /donca 
Lovenco is faire and honeft: as for her parentage s¢ mat- 
tersbuchictle ; for nome will fend to take information | 
thereof,to giueto her an habire; and I make account of | 
her as ofthe greateft Princeffe in the world. For thou | 
oughtett to know Sancho, if thou knoweftit not already, 
| that rwo things. alone incite man to loue more then all 
things elfe,and chofe be furpafsing beauty, aud a good 
name. And both thefe things are found in Dalcinea in 
cheir prime :for none can equalt her in fairenefle,and few 
come neere her fora pood report. And for a finall con- 
chifion,] imagine that ali that which I fay, is really fo, 
witheut adding or taking owghr away. And! doe ima- 
gine her in my fantafie to be fuch , as 1 could wih her as 
well in beauty as principality. :and ncythercan Helen ap- 
proch,nor Lwerece come neere her, nonor any of thofe 
other fanous women, Greeke;Barbarous, or Latine, of 
forgoing ages. And let euery one fay what he pieafeth; 
for though I fhould be reprehended for this by the igno- 
rant, yet fhall Inot therfore be. chaftifed by the nrere ob- 
_ | ferwant and rigorous fort ofmen, Tauouch, queth Sas- 
che,that you haue great reafon ital] that you fay,and that 
Tam my felfe a very Affe. Bi atas why doe I name an 
Affe with my mouth, {eeing-one fhould:not make menti- 
on of a Rope in ones houfe that was hanged?But giue me ° 
the letter , and farewell, for J will change. With that 
Des- Daixose drew can his Tablets, and going-a little a- | 
fide hebepamtoindte his 3 etter with a great erduicy; 
and hauing endedit,calfed Sancbeto him and faid, that 
he would reade it to him,to the end he might beare it a- 
way.in memory, left by chance he did lofe the Tablets on 
the way,for fiscls were his croffe fortunes , as made him 
feare cuctycucnt. To which Sancho anfwered, faying, 
pie ® = write 
ee ee a 


244: 


| felues to my @arme,mangre all my patience,] fhall be sll able 


Pa xr. 3. wittie Knight Don-Quixote, 


SNe 


write i¢ there cwife or thrife in the beoke, and giue me it 
after; forI will carry ie fafely by Gods erace, For to 
thinke that I willbe euer able to take by rote isa preat 
folly; for my memory is fo fhort, as Idoe many times 
‘forget mine owne name. But yet for all chat ceade itto 
me good Sir, for I would be glad toheare it, asa thing 
which I {uppofe to be as excellent , as if it were caftin- a 
mould. Heareicthen , fayes Don-Quixote, for thus it 
fayes, . | 


The Letter of Don-Quixote to 
DviciunsaofTobofo 


Soueraigne Ladie, 


H E wounded by the point of abfence,and the burt 

. by the Darts of + heart , fweetest Dulcinea of 
 Tobofo,doth fend thee that bealth which he wan- 

teth himfelfe. If thy beauty difdaine me , if thy 

valour turne net to wy benefit,if thy difdaine connert them- 


to fuftaine this care,which befides that it ss violent,ss alfo too 
durable. My goed SquireSancho will gine thee certaine re- 

Lation,O beantifull,ingrate,and my deere ft beloued enemy of 
the State wherein I remaine for thy fake: if thon pleafe to 

fanour me,I aus thine ; and if net , doe what thon hkeft ; for 

by ending of my life, I fhall both fatisfie thy cruelty and my 

defires. 

Thine vntill death, 


The Knight of the ill fanonred face. 


By my fathers life,quoth Sancho , when hee heard the 


Letter, it is che higheft thing that euer I heard in my life. 
| R ae Good i 


24.6 


| pleafclt to adde; and I affure thee that thou canft not tell 


ee eee TL! 


The delightfull Hiflorie ofthe Paxt.3. 


Good God, and how well doe you fay euery thing init, 
and how excellently haue you applyed the fub{cription af 
the Knight of \the ill fanewred face! I{ayagaine in good 
earneft,that you are the Diucll himfelfe , and there's ne- 
thing but you know ir, Allis neceflary anfwered Don- 
Quixote for the office that I profefle. Put then ( quoth 
Sanche)in the other fide of that leafe , the warrant of the 
three Coults,and firme it with a leagible letter, that they 
may knowit at thefirftfight. I am pleafed , faid Don- 
Quixote and {o writing it,he read it after to Sancho ,and 
ic (aid thas :. | 
Yon [hall pleafe good Niece, for this first of Colts to deli- 
wer unto my Squire Sancho Panca, three of the fine that I 
left at home,and are pte charge: thewhich three (olts 
I commaund te bee delivered to him, for as many others 
counted and receiued here , for with this,and his acguitance 
they [hall be inStly delinered, Gisen inthe bowels of Sterra 
| (Morena,the two and twentieth of August , of this prefent 
eare. 
4 It goes very well(quoth Sancho) fubfienc it therefore | 
| I pray you. Itneedes no f{eale (quoth Don- Quixote )out 
onely my Rubricke,which is as valible as if ic were fub- 
(cribed,not onely for three Affes, but alfo far three hun-- 
dred. My truft isin you,anfwered Sazcho , permit mee, 
for I will goe faddle Rozimante , and prepare your {clfe 
| to giue me your bleffing,for I purpofe prefentlyro depart 
before J fee any madde pranke of yours; for I will fay that 
I faw you play fo many,asno more can be defied. I will 
haue thee flay Sawche( and that becaufe ic is requifite) at 
leaftto fee me flarke naked , playing a douzen or two of |- 
rauing trickes,for I willdifpatch them in leffe then halfe 
an houre ; becaufe that thou hauing viewed them with 
thine owne eyes, mayeftfafcly {weare al the reft that thou 


fo many asI meane to performe. Let me intreate you 
good Sir,that I may net fee you naked, for it wil turne my 


O- 


Soca ee a‘ 


P ART. 3. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


Qomacke,and I fhallnot be ableto keepe my felfe from 


weeping : and my head is yet fo fore fince yeftcrnig he 
through my lamentations , for the loffe ofthe gray beaft, 
asTamnot frong enough yet to endure new plaints: 
but ifyour pleafure be fuch, as L mufl neceffarily fee fome 
follies: doe them in loues name in your clothes briefely, 
and fuch as are moft neceffarie, Chiefly feeing none of 
thefe things were requifire for me; andas I haue faid,we 
might excufe time (that fhallnow be lanifhed in thefe 
trifles)to returne {peedily with the newes you defire and 
deferue fo much, Andifnor,let thc Lady Dalcinea pro- 
uide her felfe well ;for if fhe anfwere not according to 
reafon,] make a folemne vow to him that I may, that lle 
make lier difgorge out of her ftomacke a good anfwere, 
with very kickes and fifts.For how can it be fuffered that 
fo famous a Knight errant as your felf fhould thus run out 
| of his wits, without, nor for. what, for one ? Letnot the 
Gentlewoman confiraine me to fay the reft, for I will out 
a it, & venter all vpon twelue, although it never were 
olde, 

In good faith Sanebe ( quoth Den. Quixote) I thinke 
thou art growen as madde as my felfe. I am not fo mad, 
replied Sancho,butI am more cholerick, But fetting that 
afide,fay what will you eate vntill my returne ? Doe you 
meanc to doe as Cardenio,and take by the high waies fide 
perforce from the Sheepheards ? Care thou not for that, 
replied Don-Quixote,for although Ihadit , yet would] 
not eate any other thing then the hearbes and fruits that 
this field and trees doe yeeld; for the perfection of mine 
affuire confifts in fafting,and the exercife of other caftiga- 
tions. To this Sancho replied , Doe you know what I 
feare ? That I fhall not finde the way to you agane heere 
where I leaue you, it is fo difficule and obfcure. Take well 
the markes, and Iwill endeauour to keepe hereabouts, 
quoth Don- Quixote,vntill thou come backe againe : and 
will moreoucr about the time of thy returne mount fo 

R 4 the 


247 


ce a gE reer, 


SEE 


Se aa a a 
2 48 The delightfull Hiftorie ofthe Part.3. | 


the cops of thefe high Rockcs,to fee whether thou appea- | 
refi: but thou fhouldeft doe beft ofall, to the end thou 
maieft not flay and miffe me,to cut downe here and there 
certain oust and ftrow them on the way as thou go- 
efi,vneill chou beef out in the plaines’, and thofe may af- 
ter ferue thee as bounds and marks,by which thou may 
avaine finde me when thou retnroefi, in imitation of the 
clew of Thefes Labyrinth.I wil doe fo,quoth Sancho:and 
then cutting downe certaine boughes , he demanded his 
Lords bliffing, and departed not without teareson both 
fides,And mounting vpon Rozinante,wh6 Don. Quixote 
commended very ferioufly to his care, chat he fhould ten 
der him as he would hisowne perfon , hee made on to- 
wards the plaines,Q@rowing here and there on the way his 
branches,as his Mafter al aduifed him ; and with that 
| departed, although his Lord importuned him co beholde 
two orthree follies ere he went away. But fcarce had he 
gone a hundred paces,when lie returned and faid, I fay 
Sir that you faid wel,that to the end I might {weare with 
a fafe conicience that I haue feene you play thefe madde 
trickes,ic were neceflary chat at leafi I fee you doe one, 
although that of your abode here is one great enough. 
Did not I tell thee fo, quoth Don- Quixote , lay Sancho,. 
for I willdge it in the {pace of a Creede ;. and taking off 
with sll haft his hofe,he remained the halfe of him naked, 
and did inflantly giuqtwo or three ierkes in the aire, and 
two tumbles oucrand ouer on the ground, with his head 
downeward and his legges aloft , where hee difcouered 
fuch things as Sancho, becaufe he would not fee thema- 
gaine,turned the bridle and rode away,refting contented 
and fatished,that he might {wear thachis Lord was mad. 
And fo we will leave him traveling on his way, vatil his 
returoe,which was very foonc after, 


ECuaP, 


tele gp ee ee Oa ee ee 
eager ent 


‘| leauing his valour apart,let vs come to the lofing of his 


PART. 3. wittie Knizht Don-Quixote. 


| 249 


Crap. XII. 


wherein are profecuted the pranckes played by Dom 
Quixote i his amorous bumors,in the mountains 
of Sierra Morena. 


9 NDeurning to recount what the Knight 
ease of the ill fanoured face did when he was all 
- 4 alone, the Hiftory fayes that after Don- 
CLEVEN Danixote bad ended his friskles and leaps , 
; Uhl a- naked fromthe gyrdle dowaward, and 
| from that vpward apparrelled;{eeing that 
his Squire Sa¢he was gone,and would behold no more 
of his madde pranckes 3. hee afcended to the coppe of a 
high rocke,and began there to thinke on that whereon 
he had thought oftentimes before, without cuer making 
a full refolution therein,to wir,whether were itbetterto 
imitate Orlando in his vnameafurable furies , then Amads 
in his melaacholy moods : & {peaking to himfelfe, would 
fay ; if Orlande was fo valorous and good a Knighr, as 
men fay; what wonder , feeing in fiue he was inchanted 
and could not be laine, if it were not by a denier pinne, 
thruft in at che fele of his foote; and therefore did weare 
thooes ftill,that had feuen foulds of Iron in the foles : al- 
though thefe his draughts (tood him in no {teede at Kon- 
cefuales againtt Bernardo de! (arpie , which vnderftan- 
ding them,preffed him to death betweene his armes, But 


wits.; which it is certaine he lot through the fignes hee | 
found in the Forreft, and by the newes that the Sheepe- 
heard gaue vato him,that ef ngelica had flept morg then 
two noonetsdes with the little Afoore CMedoro of the 
curled lockes, him chat was Page to King eAgramante: 
and if he vnderftood this, and knew bis Lady had played 


‘befide the cufhion, what wonder was it that hee fhould |. 
, TUDE Fc 


weet 


me - = 


— ee 


250 


“ : 


The delightful Hiflorie of the. Pant. 3: | 


runne madde? But how can J imitate him in his furies, if 
I cannot imitate him in their occafion 5 for I dare fweare 
for my Dulcinea of Tebofe , that all the dayes of her life 
fhe hath not feene one CMoore,euen in his owne attire as. 
ht is,and fhe is now right as her mother bore her : and] 
fhould doe her a manifeft wrong, if vpon any falfe fufpiti- | 
on,] fhould turne madde, of that kinde of folly that did 
difract furious Orlando. Ontheother fide J feethat 4- 
madis du CG anle,without loofing his wits or vfing any o- 
ther rauing tricke, gained as great fame of being amo- 
rous as any one elfe whatfoeuer. For that which his Hi- 
lorie recites was none other, then that feeing himfelfe | 
difdained by his Lady Orsana, who had commaunded 
him to withdraw himfelfe from herprefence,and not ap- 
peare againe in it, vntill fhe pleafed : he retired himfelfe 
in the company of a certaine Hermitto the poore rocke, | 
and there crammed himfelfe with weeping , vntill chat 
heauen affifted him in the midft of his greateft cares and 
necefsitie. And this being true,as it is, why fhould J take 
now the paines to ftrip my felfe all naked, and offend 
thefetrees, which neueryet did me any harme ? Nor haue 
_Tanyreafon to troyble the cleer waters of thefe brooks, 
which muft giue me drinke when I am thirfty. Let the 
remembrance of e4madis liue , and be imitated in every 
thing as muchas may be by Don- Quixote of the “Man- 
cha: of whom may be hid, what was faid of the other, 
that though he atchieued.not great things , yet did he die 
in their purfuic. And though I am not contemned or dif- 
dairedby my Dalcinea, yet it is fufficient as I haue faid 
already,that I be abfent from her : therefore handes to} 
your taske,and ye famous actions of e4msadis occurre to 
my remembrance, and inftrué&t me where I may beftbe- 


_) giryto imitate you. Yet] know already that the greateft 


thing he did vfe was prayer,and fo will I, And faying fo, 
he made him a paire of Beades of great Gaules, and was 
very much vexed in minde for want ef an Eremite, who 
miche 


Ey 


PART.3. + 


wittie Knizht Don-Quixote. 


might heare his confeffion,and comfort him in hisafficti- 
ons : andtherefore did entertaine himfelfe walking vp 
and downe the little greene fielde, writing and grauing in 
the rindes of trees,and on the finooth fandes many ver- 
fes,all accommodated to his fadneffe , and fome of thefh 
in the praife of Dwleinea. But thofe that were found 
throughly finifhed, and were ledgible after his owne fin- 
| ding againe in that place,were onely thefeenfuing. 


OF; plamts.ye bearbes, and ye Trees, 


igor ‘ 
That flowrd{h in this pleafant fite; p ™ re 

In lofty and verdamt degrees : ‘ 

If my harmes doe you not delight, aka 

Heare my boly plaints,which aretheefe. v4) 
And let wot my grufeyoamolst = | 

Though it ener{afeelingly went, Ay ls 

Since heevefortopayyourvef— | 

Don- Quixote bis teares hath addreft 

_: Bulcinea’s want tolament | 
fore OFTebefh. 

In thes very place was fitft Shied _* 

The loyalleft louer andtrne, a 

Who himfelfe from bis Lady did hyde. 

But yet felt his forromes anew,” 
Not knowing whence they‘ miyla preceede. 
Lane doth bie crnelly wreft aa 

With a paftion of enill decent ; | 

which rob d Don-Quixote of reff, 

Tila pipe with teaveswas full preft 

Dulcinea’s want fo lament 

4 Of Tobofs. 
He fearching adaentures blinde, 

eA mong thefe dearne woods,and reckes, 

Still curfeth om pittilef[e mind 

Forawretch amidft bufbie lockes, 

eAndcragzes,may misfortunes finde. 


The delightful Hiftorte ofthe P anr.3- 


Lowe with his whip wounded his breft, 
And not with foft bands him pent, 

- And when he bis noddle bad pref, 
Don-Quixote bis teares did forth wreft, 
Dulcinea’s want to Lament, 


Of Tebofe. 


252 


The addition ef Tebofo to the name of Dalkcines ,did not 
caufe fmalllaughter in thofe which found the verfes reci- | _ 
ted becaufe they imagined that. Den- Daixote conceiued, | 
that if inthenaming of Daleines he did notalfo adde 
that Of 7 obefo, the rime could not be vnderflood; and in 
truth ic was fo,as he himfelfe did afterward confeffe. He 
cépofed many others, but'as we haue related none could 
be well copied,or found intire but thefe three (tanza’s/In 
this,and in fighing,and inuoking the Fannes and Siluanes 
of thefe woods, & the Nynsphes of the adioyning ftreams, 
1 with the dolorous and hollow Eecho , that it would an- 
{were,and they confort and liften vato him ; and ‘in the 
fearch of fome hearbes to fuftaine his languifhing forces; 
he incertained himfelfeal the time of Sancho his abfence: 
who had he flaied three weekes away,as he did but three 
dayes, The Knight of the ill fauonredface fhould haue re- 
mained fo disfipured , as the very mother that bore him 
would not haucknownechim, 6. ; 

But now it is congruent thar leaving him fwallowed in 
the gulphes of forrow and verfifying, we turne & recount 
what hapned to Saache Panca in his Embaflage; which 
was that ifluing out to the high way , be prefently tooke 
that,which ledde towards Tobefo, and arriued the next 
_| day following to the Ioné, where the difgrace of the Co- 
. J uetlet befell him: and fcarce had he well efpied it, but 
| prefently he ipwigined chat he was once againe flying in 

the ayre,and therefore would not enter into it, although 
'{ his arriuall was at fuch an houre , as heboth might and 
ought to haue ftayed, being dinner time , and he himfelte 


IR EO 
P arr. 3. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. | 253 


Pe eI Ra, see etre peng Re oe oe enn Te epee ee eS 
likewife poffeft with a maruellous longing to rafte fome 
‘warme mreate3 for many dayes pafthe had fedde akoge- 
ther on colde viands. This defrre irforced him to approch 
to the In,remaining (till doubtful motwithfanding whe- 
ther he fhould enter intoitorno, Andas he flood thus 
firfpended, there iffued out of che Inne twoperfons, which 
prefently knew him, and the one faid tothe other,tell me 
Mafter Licenciat, is not that horfeman that rides there 
Sancho Panca, him whom our aduenturers olde woman- 
| faid to depart with her Mafter for his Squire ? It is quoth 
che Licenciat, & that is our Don-Onixote his horfe : and 
they kmew him ehus well, as thofe that were the ‘Curate. 
and Barber of his own village ; and were thofe that made 
the fearch and formal! preceffe apainft the bookes of 
Chiualry : and therefore as fooneas they had taken full 
noticcof Sancho Parca and Rozénante,dcfrousto learne | 
newes of Don- Dnixote, they drew neere yuto him, -and 
the ‘Curate called him by his name,faying, frtend Sancho 
‘Pawca,where tsyour Malle: ? Sancho Panca knew them 
mitantly,and defirous to conceale the place and manner | 
wherein his Lord remeined; did anfwere them that his 
Matter waein acertaine place with-held by affaires fora 
tew daies,chat were of great confequence ard conicerned 
him very much, and that hee durft noe for both his eyes 
difcouer the place tothem. No, no (quoth the Barber ) 
Santhd Panca if chon dbfi not tell vs where hee foionr- 
neth,we mot imagine as we doe already, thar thou haft 
rob'd and flaine nen, {pecially feeing thou commefi thus 
on his horfe; and cherefore thoumuflin good faith get 
vs the horfes owner;orelfe Aland ro thine anfwere, Your 
threacsfeare menothing ,quoth Sassho, for Iam not a 
inan that robs or merehers anyone, euery man is flaine by 
his deftinte ar by God char made him.My Lord remaines 
doing of penance in the midftofthis mountaine,with ve- 
ry great pleafure, And then he prefently recounted ynto 
them fintm thie beginning tothe endthe'fafhion wherein | - 


¢ 


? 


The delight [ul Hiftorieofthe P anr.3. | 


he had left him; the aduentures which had befalne, and 
how he carried a Letter to the Lady Dalcinea of Tobofo, 
who was Loresco Corchnele his daughter, of whom bis 
Lady was enamoured vp to the livers. 

Both of them ftood greatly admired at Sanchoes rela- 
tion, andalthough they knew Don-Qasxores madneffe 
already,and she Linde thereof, yet as often as they heard 
| {peake thereofthey refted newly amazed. They reque- 

(ted Sancho to fhew them the letter that hecaried to che 
Lady Dalcinea of Tebefo. He told them that it was writ- 
ten ia Tablers , and that he had exprefle order from his 
Lord to haue 1t fairely copied out in paper, at tne firtt vil- 
lage whereunto he fhould ayriue, To which the Curate 
an{wered,bidding fhew it vnto him , and he would write 
out the oy ape fairly, Then Sasicho thruit his band in- 
| tohis bofome,and fearched the little booke , but could 
| notfinde it,nor fhould not though hee had fearched till 

Doomes day, for it was in Dox- Qaixotes power, who 
gauc it not to him,nor did he ever remember to demaund 
it, When Sanche perceiued thatthe booke was loft, his 
vifage waxed as pale and wanne asa dead man, and tur: 
ning againe very {peedily to feele all the parts af his bo- 
dy,he {aw cleerely char it could mot be found , and there- 
fore without making any more adoe,he laid holde on his 
owne beard with both his fiftes , and drew almoff the 
one halfe of the haire away , and afterward beftowed on 
his face and nofe in a ssemento halfe a douzen {uch cuftes, 
as he bathed them all in bloud ; which che Cura:e and 
Barber beholding sthey asked ofhim, what had befalne 
him,that he intreated himfelfe fo ill ? what fhould befall 
me an{wered Sancho ? But that I have loft at one hand, 
and inan inflant three Colts, whereof the leafl was like a 
Caiile. How fo,quoth the Barber ? Marry faid Sancho 
| Thaue loft the Tablets wherein were written Dalemeas 

Letter,and a fchedule of my L ords,addreft to his Niece i 
wherein he commaunded her to, deliuer ynto me three 


“254, 


apr ge OO Gals} 


- oe nee 8, 


| eucry repetition faid other three thoufand errovrs. And 


PART.30 — wittte Knight Don-Quixote. 


- | Colts,ef foure or fiue chat remained in his houfe. . And | 


faying fo, hee recounted the loffe of his gray Affe: The 
Curate comforted him,and faid,that as foone as his Lord 
were found, he would deale with him to renew his grant, 
and write it in paper, accordiny to the common vfe and 
practife; for as much as thofe which were written in 
Cablets were inualid, and would neuer be accepted , nor 
accomp ifhed. With this Sexcko tooke courage,and faid, 
ifthac was fo he cared not much for the lofle ef Dalei- 
neas Letter; for he knew it aloft all by rote. Say it then 
Sancho quoth the Barber,and we will her write it, Phen 
Sancho flood fill, and began to fcratch his head, to call 
che letter to memory ,and now would he fland vpon one 
legee,and now vpon another. Sometimes he looked on 
the earch,others vypon heaven, and after he had gnawen 
‘offalmof? the.halfe-of one of his nailes. and held themall 
che while fulpended, expecting his recitall thereof,he {aid 
After 9 long paufe-: On my foule,Mafer Licenciat, I giue 
to the Diuell-any thing that I can remember of that Lec- 
cer,a'though the bepinning was thus} High and’ ynfano- 
rie Ladie: \warrant you,quoth the Barber, he faid ot 
to, bue Superbamaine or Soneraigne Ladie. Yc is fo,quoth 
Sancho; and pretently followed , if I well remember , 
He that ts wounded and wants fleepe,and the hurt max doth 
Rife your worflrps hands , ingrateand very {cornefull faire. 
And thus he went rowing vill he ended in Yours vatill 
death, the Knight of the ill fanonred face. Botir of them 
tooke great delightto fee Sanchos yood memory , and 
ptayfed it to-him very much,and requeited him to repeat 


the Letter once or twice more to them , thatthey might [ 


alfo beare itin nemorie; to write ivat the due feafon. 
Sancho wurned to recite it againe and againe , and at 


-after this he tolde other things of his Lord, but fpoke nor 
a word of his owne toffing.in a Couerlét , which had be- 


falne him in that Iane, into which he refufed to enrer. He 
“4 ei ! added 


| 255 


256 The delightfull Hiftorie of the | Panr.3. | 
added befides,how his Lord in bringing hima good dif- 
patch from his Ladie Dalsines of T oboe , would forth- 
with fet out to endeavour how he might become an Em- 

erour,or at the Jeafta Monarch; for they had fo agreed 
asi tes themfelues both: and it was a very cafie mat- 
ter for him to become one, fuch was the valour ot his per- 
fon and ftrength of his arme. And that whenhee were 
enc,he would procure him a good marriage ; for by that 
time he fhould be a widdower at the leaft.Andhe would 
giue hina one of the Emperours Ladies to wife,that were 
an Inheretrix of fome great and rich ftate on the ‘firme 
land, for now he would have no more Iflands, Andall 
this was related fo ferioufly by Saxcho , and fo in his per- 
fect fenfe, he fcrarching his nofe euer and anonas hee 
{peke ; fo as the twe were frucken into a new amaze- 
ment,pondering the vehemencie of Don-Qnixotes fren- 
fie, which caried quite away with it in that fort the iudge- 
ment of that poore man,but would not labour to difpof- 

{effe him of thaterrour , becaufe it feemed to them that | 
| fince it did not hurt his con{cience, it was better to leaue 
him in it,that the recital of his follies might turne to their 
| greater recreation ; and therefore exhorted him te pray 

for the health of his Lord; for it wasa very poffible and 
4 contingent thing to arriue in the difcourfe of time to the 
dignity of an Emperour, as he faid,or at leaft to that ofan |. 
Archbifhop,or other calling equiualent co ic. 

_ Then Sascho demanded of them, Sirs,if fortune fhould 
turne our affaires to another courfe, in fuch fort, as my 
‘Lord abandoning the purpofe to purchafe an Empire , 

would take in hishead chat of becomming a Cardinall, I 
would faine learne of you heere, what Cardinal] errants 
are wont to giue to their Squires ? They are wont to [a 
them (quoth the Curate) fome fimple Benefice , or fome 
Parfonage,or to make them Clerkes or Sextons, or Ver- 
gers offome Church, whofe liuing amounts to 2 goed 
penny rent,befide the profite of the Altar , which, isioft- 

times. 


Parr.3. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


times as much more : for thatic is requifite (quoth Sax- 
cho)that the Squirebe not married, and that he know 
how to helpe Mafle at leaft:and ifthat be fo vnfortunate, 
I,that both am married , ‘and knowes not befides the firft 
letter ofthe A.B.C. What will then become of me, ifmy 
Mafter cake the humour to be an Archbifhep, and net an 
Emperour , as is the cuftome and vie of Knights errant? 
Doe not afflict thy minde for that friend Sancho ( quoth 
the Barber) for we will deale with thy Lord heere, and 
we will counfaile him,yea we wil vrge it co him as a miat- 


ter of confcience,that he become an Emperour, and not . 


an Archbifhop ; for it will be more eafie for him to bee 
fuch a one,by reafon that he is more valorous then lear- 
ned. So me thinkes (quoth Sancho) although I know he 
hath ability enough for all, That which I meaneto doe 
for my part is,I will pray vnto our Lord to conduct him 
to thatplace, wherein he may feruc hina bef, and giue me 
greateft rewardes, Thou {pceakeft like a difcreet man 
(quoth the Curate)and thou fhalt doe therein the duetie 
ef a good Chriftian. Butthat which we muft endeuour 
now, is to deuife how we may winne thy Lord from pro- 
fecutiny that vnprofitable penance hee hath in hard, as 
thou fayeft: And tothe end we may thinke on the man- 


ner how,and eate our dinner withall,feeing it is time, let | 


vsallenterintotheInne. Sascho bad them goein and 
he would May for them at thedoore, and that he would 
after tell them the reafon why he had no minde to enter, 
neither was it in any fort conuenient that he fhould: but 
he intreaced them to bring him fomewhat forth to eate, 
that were warme,and fome prouand for RezénanteWith 
that they departed into the lodging , and within a while 
after the Barber brought forth vnto him fome meate : 
and the Curate and Barber, after hauing pondered well 
with themfelues what courfe they were to take to attaine 
their defigne. The Curate felon a deuice very fit both for 
Don-Quixotes humour , and alfo to bring, their Pape 


nt 5 


The delightfull Hiftorie ofthe Part. 3, 


to paffe ; and was as he tolde the Barber , that he had be- 
thought him,to apparrell himfelfe like a Lady aduentu- 
Lous, ‘and that he therefore fhhauld doe the belt that hee 
could to fit himfelfe like a Squire, and that they would go |, 
in that habire ta the place where Den- Quixote foiour- | 
ned, fayning that fhe was an afflicted and difirefled Dam. | 
zel) and would demaunda boone of him, which hee as a 
valorous Knight errant would in no wife denie her; and 
thatthe gift which he meaned to defire, was to intreate 
him to follow ber where fhe would carry him, toright a 
wrong which a naughtie Knight had done vaso her: and 
that fhe would befides pray him not to commaund her to 
vnmaske her felfe,or inquire ary ching other eHate,vnuill 
he had done her right, agair.ft that badde Knighe. And 
by this meanes he certainely hoped , that Dor. Quixote 
would praunt all that he requetted i inthismanner. And 
in this fort they would fetch him from thence, and bring 
him to his village where they would Igbour with a] their 
power, to fcc whether his cxtrauagaut freafe could be 
recovered by any remedy, = —=-—--- — 


Cuarp. XIV - 
How the Curate and the Barber put their defigne in 
pract:fe,with many other things worthy t lo be re- 
coxded ia this famous Historie. | 


He Curstes inuen: ish idl ked not ‘ie 
} Barber,but rathe r pleated hi: nfowell, as [ 
KB they prefent! ly pucit in execution, They 
boreowed therfore of the Inkeepcrs wite 
M39 ea Gowne and a Kerchife, Ieauirg her in | 

ASO” pawn therof a faire new ‘Caffecke of the 
Curatcs: The Barber made hima great beard of apyed 
_Oxes tayle, wherein the Inkeeper was, wontto hang Ja 
‘H arfce | 


Parr.3: wettie Knight Don-Quixote. 


cafion why they would vfe thefethings? The Curate re- 


how that difguifement was cequilite ,to bting him away 
from the mountaine, wherein at that prefent he made his 
abode. Prefently the Inkeeper and his wife remembred 
themfelues how he had beene their eueft, and of his Ba/- 
[avn and was the tofled Squires Lord ; and then they 
rchearfed againe tothe Curate all that hed pafledbe 
cwene han aad them inthat Inne , without ontiuing the 


clufion che Hofteffe tricked vp the Curate fo handfomby, 
. as there could be no mere defired:: for the attired him in 
| a gowne of broad-cloth, laid over a ari of blacke 


| and cuts:. che bodies and fleeues of preenie Veluet , wel- 
‘ted with white Sattin: which gowne and doubler as I 

fufpect were both made in the time of King Bamba. The 
Curate would not permit them to vaile and bekerchife 
him , but feson his. head a white-quilted-linnen-night- 
cap swhich he carried for the night, and guirded:his fore- 
head wich ablacke Taffata garter, and with the other he 
masked his face,wherewithall he coftered his beard and 
vifsge very neatly. Then did he incaske his pate in his 
hat, which was fo broad,as it might ferue him excellently 
for a Qmisafoll, and lapping himfelfe vp handfomtly in his 
long cloke,he wentto horfe , and rode as women vfe. 
Then mounted the Barber likewife on his Mule, with his 
beard hanging de wric tothe gytdle, halfe red and halfe 


all,and o 


difficulr an aduenture,as that whicli they y, dcrcaoke. But 


S 2 began 


white, as that which as wee haue’ faid was made ofthe | 
taile of a pyed coloured Oxe : then taking leaue of them 

the good AMaritorwes,who promifed (although | 
a finner)vo fay a rofery totheir intention, to the end that : 
God might give them good fucceffe in fo Chriftian and 


fcarce were they pone oucof the Inne, when the Curate, 


counted in briefe reafons of Don-Quixotes madnefle and | 


accident that had befalne Sarcho himfelfe; and in con- | 


‘ Veluet,euery one being ofa {pan breadth, fallof gathes |" 


¢ 


i 259 
Horfe-combe, The Hofteffe demaunded of them the oc- |. —— 


The delightful Hiflorie of the  Pany.3. | 


began to dread a little that he had done ill, in apparrel- 
ling himfelfe in that wife , accounting it a ey indecent 
thing that a Prieft thould dight himfelfe fo,although the 
matter concerned him newer fo much. And acquainting 
1 che Barber with his furmife, he intreated him that they 
might change attires , feeing it was much more iuftchat 
he, becaufe a lay-man , fhould faine the oppreffed Ladie,, 
and himfelfe would become his Squire , for fo his dignity 
would be leflé prophaned: to which ifhe would not con- 
difcend,he refolued to paffe on no farther, alchough the | 
Diuell thould carie therefore Don--Quixete away. San= 
cho came ouer to them about this feafon; and feeing of 
them in that habite., he could not containe his laughter. 
The Barber to bee briefedid all thae which the Curate 
‘} pleafed,and making thus an exchange of inuentions , the 
Curate inftru&ted him how he fhould behaue himfelfe; 
and what wordes ke fhould vfe to Don- Duixote,to prefie 
‘and moue him to come away withhim , and forfake the 
propenfion and loue to that place, which he had chofen 
to performe his vaine penance. The Barber anfwered that 
he would fet euery thing in his due point and perfection, 
though he had neuer leffoned him ; but would not fet on 
the array, vneill they came neere tothe place where Don- 
Quixote abode,and therfore folded vp his clothes , and } . 
{ Mafter Parfon his beard, and forthwith went on their 
way,Sanche Panca playing the guide; who recounted at 
large to them all that had hapned with the mad-man, 
whom they found in-the mountaine ; concealing not- 
withftanding the booty of thé Malet, with the other 
things foun thereto sf alchough otherwife moft fm. 
ple,yet was our-yong man an ordinary vice of fooles, and 
had a fpice of couetoufnefle. | 
They arrived the next day following to the place 
where Sancho had leftthe tokens of boughes , to finde 
thac wherein his Mafter foiourned : aa hauing taken 
| notice thereof he faid ynto them that,thar was theentry, 


and 


Pa R1.3.: wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 
and therfore they mightdo wellto apparrell chemfelues, 
if by change chat might bea meane to procure his J_ords 
Aibertie ; for they had colde him already, that onthcir eo. 
ing and apparrelling in that manner}. confilled wrolly |. 
che hepe of freeing his Lord, out of that wretched hfe lie’ 
had cholen; and thetéfore did charge him: ombhis life not’. 
co reucale to his Lord in any cafe what they were, nor 
feeme in any fore to know them : and thatif-he demaurre | - 
ded(a$ they were fureheweuld ) whethershe tad deliue—}, 
ited his lette# to Dalcinea he faould:fayeiter he: diay and: |’ 
' at by‘reafon flie coutd not réade ', Che anfwercd-himby |) 
word of mouth, faying, that fhe commanded vider paine 
of her indignatton,that prefently abandoning fo-aulterea |. 
‘Hife, he would'come and fee her;. for chiswas moft cequi-l 
fite tothe end that moued thervithall and by what cheys|, 
meant likewife to fay vnco hint, they made e¢éeraihe ac. |. 
count to reduce him to a:betrer life, and would befides: 
per(wade him to that courfeinftantly , which might fer} 
. Khar in the way How to.beqdind ah Entiperor or Monarks.1 ; 
foras concerning tHe belag-anlArchbifhop , thee mecded: 
nottofeareitzwall, Sancholificned to all the talke and 
infirudtions; andborethemaway: wellis:mathofy ¢an 
gaue theny preat' thankes for the intention they Vadeb . 
counfellhis Lordto-betome ar. Botperour;: and:not-ans | 
Arclibithop : foray Neokaid 9, hee imagined in his fimple | | 
J indgement thaé an: Breperours Werevofintdrs ability Bo: 
reward their Squires then ‘ans Archbifhops errine, Hee 
likewsfe added that He ehiougtese Were receffary:hd Went, 
{omewhat before themYo “‘fearttehhe 3 and: detinser Ais | 
Ladies anfwere rf pavthaps eulode would be fuffiticnt 
‘to fetch him oucnfehat'ptite pwkthouwe purtiab fem io 
any further paihes. They ier op Seale Rawnens devices | 
and therefore detertninédto expect him, vatil his returne | , 
‘with the newes 6f finding His Mafler. “With that Saache | | 
entred in by the clifts ofthe-rockes (leauing them both 
behinde together) by Whicheamalitefe finooth Areame,,, 
4 a HOS 3 - toy: 


262 |, 


to which ot her Rockes and fome trees that grew neete 


The delightful Hiflorie of the Panrs.3y 


vnto it,made a frefla and pleafing fhaddow. The heates, 


and che day wherein they arriued there,was one of thofe 
‘of the moneth of Augult,, when in thofe places the heate 
is intolerable :the houre, about three in the afternoone. 
‘All which did render the place more grateful,and inuited 


them toremaine thercin vatill Saschees returne. Both 


therefore arrefling there quietly vnder the fhadow, there 


| arriued ta their hearing the found of a voyce, which 


.wichout being accompanied by any. jntrument,, did re~ 
‘found fofweet and melodioufly, as they remained.great= |’ 


ly admired, becaufe they efleemed not that to be a place 
‘wherein any fo good a Mufitian might make his abode. 
For. although itis yfually faid that in she wads and fields 
‘are found Shephaards-of excellentivoyges , ives is this ra- 
ther a Poetical indeoyerhene,then:an approued truth; and 
‘moftofalwhen they perceived that the verfes they. heard 
lhim fnging were not of rufticke compofition, but rather 
iof delicate and Courtly inuentiow. ‘The dade cae is |: 
—— the Verlds.sthich see shefe::, at | 


’ 


: Ww" desi oi hy mene di fob eek fine 


ea oe aes Ora mea | ae 
etfs by lamymg tae mentdde?. 3 ae 
so laert git ts He of ion yy healonkes. a mseipelin f 
ndoh mrpaionetdhd triallerong By iy . yee Us 
Ibe re o Hi he | 
Ifohet baleen fr wpgrianenes mirong: mote 
| Wosctntdie at sled wayebeine, Gf MOPS aie oth 
Semen wey be hanes: otwelt fade faine. ones hah 
| ByDifdalnestralenfitsend Abforeelong > pie Sees 
Hom ned i ee ides Ae een ie 
‘Dire Lowe, 
And whe my lore bbe mo 5t insparbane - 
Fortune, oe Fe eer 
end nt pein whem nese bruce: 


- Brbean 7 f I: 


| Panny wittieKwight Don-Quixote.. 


Tf that be fo,thes my miftraft inmpsanén,s 9. 
T hat of my woxdvons enili,T noedes wink die: - 
_ Since in msy barnee weynd and unnted be, 
Lone,wanerjng Fortane,and a vig’rius Heanen, - 
Who better hap,can unto me beqavnts?: 3 
, Death,> 
From. whom bis fanorsdoth not lone eStrange? | 
ae. | From. change: 
JAnd bis roo farious barvess who cavethwhelice? © 
| ee i ee.) ee eee 
Af thas.be fo,st ts nawifedomd trnely 8 2 
To thinke by bumane meanes'to cure that care, 
Where th only Antidotes. and med: cines ave: | 
Defred death, light change,and endleffe thy, 


ow BY 


2 Su ae ate gis PS PG ee 
_, Thehouwe,the time, the folitatines of the phice, voiet! 
and arte of f@ that (ung, Rrucke wonder and delight id 
the hearers mindes, which remained (till quiet , Jiftaing 
whether they might heare any thing elfe bat perceiving 
that the filence continued a pretie whik ; they agteed to 
iffuc and fecke out the Mufitian ; that funp foharmoni- 
oufty, And being ready to put their refolution: in pra. 
&ife,they were againe arrefted by the fame voyces ‘the 
_which touched their cares anew withthis Sonnet, 


- A SONNET cleetu 
H Oly Amitie! which with nimble wings 
Thy femsblance leaning heere on earth bebinde , 

Among the blifed fonles of heanen,vp flings, 
To thofe Tmpperiall reomes to cheeve thy wind, 

And thence te vss when thon lik’ Kaftignd - 
Tw5t peace whom fhadie vaile {6 coner'd brings: 
As oft in ffeed of ber,decert we finde 
Clad in the weedes of goad and vertxons things. 


+ 


Lease began nt eAmitic ! doe not permit °' 


The delightfullHiflorie of the = Paxr3. 


F oule frande thus openly shy vobex# wmefi's. 
With which fincere wmtents,deffrey doesit, 
For if thy likenelfe froms't thon doft not wrest, . 


é 


Of difeord Chaos and corfafietes: 00. Soe 


The world will turne,to the firSt conflsét foome, - 


The fone was concluded’ with a profound figh; and 
both the others lent attentiue eare to heare if hee would 
fing any more ; but perceiuing: that the muficke was 
conuerted intothtobs and dolefull plaints , they refolued 
to goe and learne who was thewretch ; as excellent for 
his voyce, asdolorousin hisfghes > and after they had 
vone a little at the doubling of che point of a-cragee, they 
nerceiued onc of the yery fame forme and fafhion that 
Sanchohad painted vntothem, when hetolde them the 
Hihlory of { prdenioswhich manefpgitg thet likewife, 
fhewed ny-lemblance of gare, bur ftood {tiM@ich his head 
hanging on his breft like a malecontenc., not once lifting 
vp his eyesto behold thera fram the firft time, when they’ 
ypexeedtedly arrivdd, >: ee tee dee grt Sa 

_cn Tipe Riurate who-was aman véry well fpokea ¥a8 one 
thax had already intelligence of bis misfortune’ ,’for hee 
knew him py his fignes)drew neerer to him , and prayed 
and perf{waded hrm with fhore daac very forcible veafons, 
to forfake that miferable life,left he fhould there eternally 
lofe it, which of all myfeffessio did voue the moft mifera- 


from the furious aceidént , thacdiflracted him fo often; 
and therefore viewing them both .attired m fotrange 


thofe defarts,he reftcd fomewhar ‘admired ; but.chietely 
hearing them fpeake inthis affaike jas ita maccer krowne 
‘for fo much he gathered but of the €urates fpeeches) 
} and therefore an{wered inthis manner ; } perccitte well, 

good Sirs ( wholoeuer:you be) that heauen which hath 
| alwayes care to fuccour good meth, yeacucn and the wic- 

PLN ken 


| 


| 


a 


ble. Cardenio atthis feafon was in bis right fenfe, free | 


and vnufnall a fathion tromithat which was-vfed ‘inory | 


be 7 


| perfons, which laying before mine eyes with quicke and 


| Aud were ic foyetis.itno maruell ; for it feemes to me 


{ caufehercof,toas:many as pleafe to heare it « for wife- 


| if by chance it be fo,tbat you come with the fame intenti- 


| harmes did intrcate him to relate it, promifing to do no- 


ee ene 
PART. 3. . wittle Knizht Don-Qutxote. | 26 5 


eel 


ked many times,hath without any defert addreft vato me 
by thefe defarts and places fo remote from vulgar haunt, 


pregnant reafons thelittle I haue to leade this kinde of 
life,doe labour to remoue me from.this place-toa better : |: 
and byreafon they know not as much as I doe, and thar 
after efcaping thts harme,] fhall fall into a farre greater, 
they accoynt «we perhaps for aman of weake dilcourfe, 
and whit is worfe for one.wholly deuoide of iudgement, 


that the, force of the imagination of my difafters is fo 
bent and powerfull in my.deftruction , that I without be- 
ing able to make it any refiftance,do become like a flone, 
voyde ofall goou feeling and knowledge: and Icome to 
know the certaincy afshis truchy whenfome.men doe re- 
count and fhew vnto me tokens ef the things I hane | 
done; Whilefi this tertible’ accident quer- rules me; and 
after Ican.doe no mare,thenbe gricued thongh in vaine, 
and cucfe without benefite my tap froward fortune ; and 
pender.asan excufaof my madnefig, the relation of she 


then perceiving the caufe; will not wonder at the effects, 
And though they hiue:me naremedie, yet at leaft wil noc 
condemne me,for it will conuert the anger they conceiue 
at iny mifrules,inta Compaffion of my difpraces, And Sirs 


on that others did 1 requeft youere you inlarge farther 
your difcreet perfwafions,that you will piue eare a while 
tothe relation of my mifhaps : for ag when you 
haue vnderttood it, you may faue the labour that you 
would take,conforeing an euill wholly incapable of con- 
folation. 

Both of them which defired nothing fo much then to 
vndertiand from his owne mouth, the occafion of his 


thing elfe in his semedie or comforts but.what hitnfelte | 
¥ pleafec. | 


166 The delightfull Hiftorie of the Panr.3. 


pleafed. And with this che forrowfull Gentleman began 
his dolefull Hiftorie, with the very fame wordes almofl 
| chat he had rehearfeditto Dox- Quixote and the Goat- 
heard a few dayes patt, when by occafion of Mafter Eit/a- 
bat and Don. Daixotes curiofitie in obferuing the Deco. 
rum of Chiualry,the tale remained imperfect,as our Hi- : 
ftory left it aboue, But new good fortune fo difpofed : 
things, that his foolifh fit came not vpon him, but gave 
him leifure to continue his ftorie to theend; and foarri- 
uing to the paflage that [poke' of the Lecter Dos Ferdi-| 
nandofound in the boeke of eAmadss du Gaule,Cardenso' 
faid chat he had it very well in memory; and the fenfe 
was this. | 


LvsCINDAteCARDENIO, 


“TV Difconer daily sn thee werthes that oblige inforce me 

I. holde thee aoeve: and therefore if thou defireft to bane 
mse difcharge this debt without feruing a writ on wsy bononr , 
thou mayeft eafily dog it. | bane afather that. knowes. thee, 


| ascomplif>thar which instly thon oughteft te haus > if it be 
fo,that thou efteemeft me as much as thou faye , and doe 
beleene, ies 

This Letter moucd meto demand La/cindaof her fa- 
ther for my-wife,as I haute already recounted ; and by. it 
alfo Lwfcinda remained in Dow: Ferdixandos opinion 
‘| crowned, for one of the moft difcreece women of her 
time. And this billet Letter was that which firft put him 
in minde to de(troy me, ere I could effect my defires, -I 
tolde to Dow Ferdinando wherein confitted allthe diffi- 
| cultie ofherfathers protraéting of the marriage, to wit, 
in that my father fhould firtt demaund her ; the whieh I 


not willingly confeat theruntes not for chat the qualitie, | 
{ bountie, vertue, and beautie of Lafcinda, were to him ' 


and lones me likewsfe well ;who without forcing wey will, will | 


| dared not to mention vnto him, fearing left hee would | 


PaR T.3. wittie Knight Dow- Quixote. 


voknowne, or that fhe had not partes in her able to en- 


noblith and adorne any other linage of Spaine whatfoe- 
uer : but becanfe I vnderftood by him that he defired nor 
to marrie me yntill hee had feene what Duke Ricardo 
would doe for me. Finally,1 tolde him that 1 dared not 
reucale it to my father,as well for thatinconuenience , as 
for many others that made me fo affraid , without know- 
ing what they were,as me thought my defires would ne- 
uer take effect. To all this Don Ferdinando made me an- 
{were that he would take vpon him ‘to{peake to my fa- 
ther,and per{wade him to treate of that affaire alfo with 
Lafcindas. O ambitious Marius. ‘O cruel! Cataline. O 


facmorous Qwila. Otreachcrous Galalon, O trayterous. 


Velkdo, Oxeuengefull * Zatian.O couetous Iwdas. Tray- 
tor,crucll,reuengefull,and coufening , what indelerts did 
this wench commit, who with fuch plaines difcouered to 
thee the fecrets and delights of his heare? What offence 
committed I apainft thee ? What words did I {peake , or 
counfel did I ptue, chat wergnot all addreft tothe inctea- 
‘fing of thine honour and profite ? But of what doe I of 
| allwretches the worft complaine, fecing that when the 


current of the flarres do bring with it mifhaps, by reafon | 


they come downe precipitately from aboue, there is no 
earthly force can with-hold, or humane indultry prevent 
or evacuatthem? Who would haueimayined that Dow 
Fernando anoble Gentleman , difcreete, obliged bymy 
deferts , and powerfullto obtaine whatfocuer the amo- 
tous defire would exa& of him, where and whenfoeuer 
it feazed on his heart(would as a be become fo cor- 
_riiptasto deprive me of one onely fheepe, which yet I did 
mot poffelfe > But fet thefe confiderationsbe laide apart 
as vaprofitable , that we may knit vp againe the broken 
thteede of my vnfortunate Hiftory. And therefore] fay, 
that Don Ferdinandobeleeuing-ehat my prefence was a 
hittderance to put his treacherous and wicked defigne in 


execution; he refoluedto fend.me to his eldeft brother; 
: F : ; vnder 


26 7 


* Owe whe for 

the rape of bis 
daughter com- 
mitted by Re- 
dericke Kjug of 
Spaine,brougbt 
in the Moores 
and deftroyed all 
the Countrey. 


ae he. Ve 2 eee 


268 


The delightful Hiftorie of the P ant.3. | 


vader pretext to get fome money of him, for to buy fixe 
oreat horfes,that he had of purpofe, and oncly to the end 
Tosight abfent my felfe,bought the very fame day that he 
offered to {peake himfelfe to my father , and would haue 
me ge for the money(becaufe he might bring his crea- 
cherous intent the bettcr to pafle) could I preuent this. 
treafon ? Or could J perhaps but once imagin it? No tru- 
ly; but rather glad fer the good merchandize hee had 
made,did make proffer of iny felfe to depart for the mo~ 
ney very willingly. I {poke that night to Lafcinda , and. 
acquainted her withthe agreement paft betweene mee 
and Don Ferdinands, bidding her to hope firmely that 
our good iuft defires would fort a wifhed and happie end, 
She anfwered me againe (as little fufpe@ing Don Ferds- 
nandes treafon as iny.felfe) bidding me to returme with all. 
fpeed@, becanfe the beleeucd that the coriclufion of our 
affeions fhould be no longer deferred, then my father 
| deferred to fpeake vntohers, And what was the caufel | 
know not,but asfoone as fhe had {aid this vatome, her | 
eyes were filled with teares,and fomewhar thwarting her 
throate, hindered her from faying nary other things, |: 
which me thought fhe ftriued to fpeake, 
_Trefled admired at this ney accident yntill chat time 
neuer feenc in her; for alwaies as many times as iny good 
fortune and diligence graunted jt , we conuerfed with all 
{port and delight, without euer intermedling in.our. dife | 
courfes,any teares,fighes,complaints,fupitions, or fears,| 
All my fpeech was to-aduance my fortune ; for hauirg re- 
cciued ber from heauen as my L adic and Mifireffe, .then 
would I amplifie her heautie,admire her worth ,.& praife 
her difcretion. She en. the other fide wauid returne mee | 
the exchange, cxtolling in me, what fhe as. one enamou- 
red accounted worthy of laude and commendation. Af- 
ter this we would recount a hundred thoufand toyes and 
| chaunces befalne our neighbours and acquaintance , and 
that to which my-prefuaptiqn dared fartheft to¢xtend it 
| {elfe. 


a 


PaRrt.3. _- wittie Knight Don-Quixote. | 272 
Selfe, was fometimes to take her beautifull and Juorie 
hands perforce,and kiffe chem as well as] might through 
the rivorous firitneffe of a niggardly Iron grate which 
deuided ys. But the precedent night to the day of my fad 
departure,fhe wept, fobd,and fighed, and departed , lea- 
ving me full efconfufion and inward aflaules , amazed to 
beholde fuch new and dolefull tokens of forrow and fee- 
ling in Lafcinda, Butbecaufe I would not murder my 
hopes,] did attribute all thefe things to the force of her 
affection towards me , and tothe griefe which abfence is 
wont to ftisre in thofe that loue one another deerely, To 
be briefe,I departed from thence forrowfull and penfiue, 
my foule being ful of imaginations and {ufpitions,and yet 
know not what I fufpected or imagined, Cleere tokens, 
foretelling the fadde fucceffe and misfortupe which at- 
tended me. : arriued to the place where I was fent, and 
| delivered my letters to Dox Ferdinandos brother , & was 
well intertained,but not wel difpatched; for he comman- 
ded me toexpect ( athing to me moft difpleafing eight 
dayes,and thas oyt of the Duke his fathers pence Be 
caufe his brother had wrjtten vnto him to fend him cer- 
taihe moneyes viknowne to hisfather, And all this was | 
but falfe Don Ferdimandes inuention,for his brother wan- 
ted not money wherewithall to haue difpatched me pre- 
fently,had mothe written the contrary. 

This was fodifpleafing a commandement & order,as f 
almoft ic brought me to termes of difobeying it , becaufe 
itfeemed tomea thing moft impoffible to fuftaine my 
life fo many daies in the abfence of my Lufcinda.And{pe- 
cially hauing left her fo forrowfullas I haue recounted ; 
yet notwithftanding I did obey like a good feruante, al- 
though! knew it would be withthe coft of my health. 

_{ Bucon the fourth day after I had arrived , therecame a 
man in my fearch with aletter , which he delivered vnto 
me,and by the indorfement I knew it to be Lu/cindas ; 


forthe band was like hers, opened it ot without ee 
an 


270 


The delightfull Hifforie of the Paxt.3. 


and affailement of my fenfes, knowiag chat it mutt haue 
beene fome ferious occafion , which could moue her to 
write vnto me,being abfent, feeing fhe did it fo rarely , e- 
ucn when I wasprefent. I demaunded of the bearer be. 
fore I read,who had delivered it to hish, and whattime 
he bad fpent in the way. He anfwered me that paffing by 
chaunce at mid-day through a ftreete of the Citie , a very 
beautifull Ladie did call him from @ certaine window: 
Het eyes were all beblubbered with teares; and faid vnto 
him very haftily: Brother,if thou beeft.a Chriftian,as thou 
appearcitto be one,] pray thee forGods fake’, that thou 
doe forchwicth addreffe this letter to the place and perfon 
| that the fuperfcription affigneth , ( for they be well kno- 
wen )aod thereia thou fhale dee our Lord great feruice. 
And becaufe thou mrayeft rot want meanes.to do? it, take 
what theu fhalt finde wrapped in chat Handkerchife - 
and faying fo, the threw out of the window @ handker- 
chife,wherein were lapped vp a hundred Rials, this ring 
of golde which I carie here , and that lecter which I deli- 
uered vato you; and’prefently without expecting mine 
anfwere fhe departed, but firft faw me take vp the hand- 
kerchife and letter; and then J made her fignes thae! 
would accomplith herein her command: and stter percei- 
uing the painesI mighttake in bringing you it fo well 
confidered, and {ceing by the indorfement,that you were | 
the man to whom it wasaddreft. For Sir I know youve- 
| rie well ; and alfo obliged to doe it by the teares of that 
| beautiful Ladie,I determined not to truftany other with 
it,but to come and bring it you my felfe in perfon : and in 
Gxteene houres fince it was giuen ynto me,] haue trauel- 
Ied the iourncy you know, which is at leaft eighteene 
| leagheslong, Whileft the thankefull new meflenger 
fpake thus vnto me, I remained in a manner hanging on 
his words,and my thighes did tremble in fuch manner, as 
| Ucould very hardly fattaine my felfe on foote: yet taking: 
,| courage, ar laf openedthe letter, whereof thefe were 


tthe Contents, The. 


= 
- 


PART.3. wittie Knight Don-Qusxote. 


Theword that Don Ferdinando bath pal? Unto you to 


[peaks to your father, that be might Speake tomine, be hath | 


accompli{hed more to lis owne pleafure then to your profite, 
For Sir you fhallunderfiand , that be hath demaunded mec 
for his wife; and my father borne away by the aduantage 
of worthes which he fuppofes to be in Don Ferdinando mere 
then 1s you, hath agreed to bss demaund in fo good earnest, 
as the espaufals foall bee celebrated within thefe two daics, 


and that fo fecretly and alone, as onely the beanens and fome | 


folke of the benfe half be witneffes, How I vemame , ima- 


gine, andwhether it be conuenicnt you fhauld returne yon | 


may confider : and the fucceffe of this affaire fhall let 


{ you te percese, whet ber I lowe yon well orina. I befeech Al- 


mighty Godshat this may arrine vato your bands, before 

mine fhall fee it (elfe sm danger to teyne is felfe with his, 

whichheepeth his oromifed faithfoHl, = > 
Thefe were in fumme,the contents of the letter, and 


the matiues that per{waded me prefently todepart,with- | 


our attcnding any otheran{were, or other monies ; for 


then I conceived clearly, thae it was not the buyall of the 
horf{es, burthat af his delights, which had moucd Don. 


Ferdsnandoto fend mcto his brether. The rage wizch 
I corceied again(t himioyned withthe feare to lofe the 
iewell which I had gained by fo many yeares feruice, 
and defires, did {ct wings on ace, for T acriued as if 1 had 
flien the ncxt day at mine owne Citie , in the houre and: 


moment fit to goe fpeake to Lufcmda, I entred fecretly,- 


and left my. Mule whereon I rede in the boncfl mans. 
howe, that had brought mee the letter and my for- 
tune purpofina thenrg be fauourable to me, difpofed 
io mine affatreg¢that J found Lafeinda fating ar that yron 
grate, which wes the fole witnefle of our loues. Lw- 
fomda knew me firaightand Ther, but notas we ovghe 
to kncw one another. But who is hee inthe werld which 
may truly vaunt, that he-hath penetrated, and throughly 


cxhaufted the coafufed thoughts, and mutable natureof | 
. womer? | 


271 


(272 


|} and reafons, I carry hidden about mea poynard fecretly 


a 
= 


The delightfull Hifforie ofthe Panes, 


women? truly none. I fay then to proceede with my tale, | 
that as foone as Lafcinda perceiued me the {aid ( ardenie 
I am attired with my wedding garments, and in the - Hall 
doe waite for mee, the traitor Don Ferdinando, and my 
couetous father with other witnefles; which fhall rather 
be fuch of my death, then of mine efpoufals ; bee not 
troubled deare friend , buc procure to be prefent at this 
facrifice, the which if] cannot hinder, by my perfwafions 


which may hinder more refolute forces, by giuing end to 
my life, and a beginning to thee,to know certaine the af- 
feGtion which ] haue euer berne , and doe beare vnro 
 thee.I anfwered her troubled and haftily,fearing I fhould 

not haue the leafure to reply vnto her, faying {weete La- 
die, let thy works verifte thy words, for if thou carrieft a 
poynard to defend thy sea I doe heere likewife beare 
a {word wherewithall,I will defend thee, ot kill my felfe if 
forcune prouc aduerfe and contrary. Ibeleaue that fhe 
could not heare all my words by reafon fhe was called 
haftily away as J perceiued, for that che bridegroome ex- 
peed her comming. By this the night of my forrowesdid 
throughly fall, and the Sunne of my gladneffe was fet : 
and I remained without light in mine eyes, or difcourfe 
in =) vnderftanding. I could not finde the way into her 
houle, nor could I moue my felfe to any part : yet conh- 
dering at laft how important my prefence was , for that 
which might befall in that aduenture,I animated my felfe 
the beftI could, and entred into the houfe 3 and asone. 
that knewvery wellall the entries and paflages there- 
of , and {pecially by Yeafon of the trouble and bu- 
fineffe that was then in hand, I went io ynperceiued of 
any. And thus without being feene, I had the oportuni- 
tie to place my {elfe in the hollow roomed of a;window 
of the fame Hall, which was couered by the endes of 
two incountying peeces of tapefiry from whence | could 
fee all that was done in the Hall » tremaining my felfe 


uUnsiewen 


vnuiewed ofany, VVho could now defcribe che afliuics 


_owne, as richly attired and deckt,as her calling and beau- 


} chereof feeme farre more bright and glorious to mine 


—s 


Para. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


and furprifals of my heart whilft I there abode : The 
thonghts which inceuntred my mind, the conficcrations 
which Thad, which were fo many and fuch, as theycan 
neither be faid, neris icreafon they fhould. Let it fuffice 
you to know,that the bridegroome entred into the Hall 
without any ornament, wearing the ordinary array hee 
was wont, and was accompanied by a couifen Germaine 
of Lafcindas, andinallthe Hall there w:s no ftrangcr 
prefent,nior any other then the houf-hold ferurants,wich-. 
i11.a while after Lxfcinda came out of the Parlour accom- 
panied by her mother and two waiting maides of her 


tie deferued, and the perfe€tion of courtly pompe and 
braucry could affoord my diftraGtion and trouble of mind 
lent me no time to note particularly the apparrell fhee 
wore, and therefore did onc!y maike the colours which 
were carnation and white; a 1d the {plendour which the 

precious flones and Tewels of her tires, and all the reft of | 
her. garments yeelded : yet did the fingular beauty of her 
faire and golden treffes furpafie them fo much, as being 
in competencie with the precious ftones , and flame of | 
roure linkes tha: lighted in the Hall, yet did the fplendour 


cics, O memory the mortall enemie of mine eafe, to 
whatend ferues it now to reprefent vnto me the vacoin- 
parable beautrie of that my adored enemy. Were it not 
better cruel memory to remember &reprefent that which 
the did then, that being moued by fo manifeft a wrong, 
I may atkealtcndeuour to Jofe my life, fince I cannor 
procure areucnge? Tire not good firs to heare the di- 
greffions I make, for my griele ig nocof that kinde that 
may be rehearfed fuccin@ly and fpeedily; feeing that in 
mine opinion euery paflage of it is worthy ae Jarg ¢ 
difcourfe, : 


To this the Curate anfwered, that not onely they were 
| T not 


274. ] 


| fonda is my fpoule, end 1 am her husband, O 


The delight full Hifloricofthe Part.3: 


not tyred or wearied,hearing of him,but rather the recea- 
ued marvellous delight to heare himrecount each minui- | - 
tie and circumflance, becayfe they were fuch, as deferued 
not to bepatt ouer in flence, but rather merited as much 
attention asthe principall parts af the Hiftory: you fhall 
then wit (quoth Cardenio ) that asthey thus ftood in the 
Hall, the Curate of the Parifh entred, and taking them 
both by the hand, to doe that which in fuch an act is re- 
quired at the faying of, Wil’ you Ladie Lufcinda take the 
Lerd Don Ferdinando who ss beere prefent for your lawful] 
[poufe,escording 4s enr holy mother the {burch commands? 
I thruft out all my head arf neck out of therapifiry, and 
with moft attentive eares dnd a troubled mind, fetled my 
felfeto heare what Lafcindaanfwered; expecting by it 
the fentence of my death, or the confirmation of my life. 
O ifone had dared to fally cuc at that time, and cricd 
with a loud voice: O Lufeinds, Lufcinda, fee well what | 
thou doeft,confider withall what chau oweft me. Behold 
how thou art mine,and that.chou can not be any others, 
note thet thy faying of yea,and the end af my lifefhall be 
both in-one inftant. (O traytor Dos Ferdizando robber 
of rey glory, death af my life, what is thisthow preten- 
deft’? what wilt shen @ac ? Confider that chou cant 
not Chriftianlike atchiewe thine intention, feaing La 
obth ! 
man now that ] ag ebfent, and farre from the danger, 1 | 
fay what] fhould hae done, and not what] did. Now 
after.that I have permigted my dcere lewel.co he rabbed,. 
Texclaiine an the.theefe, on. whom I og hrhaue resen- | 
ised my felfe, had I hadas.much heartto doe .it as} haue |: 
to complaine, Ja fine fince I was thena coward anda 
ifaole, it is no matter though I now.dic afhamed,fory,and | - 
franticke. The Curate flood expecting Lufcimdaes an-. 
{were agood while erre fhe gaue it,aad jn the cnd,when 
‘Fhoped that fhe would take out the Poynard to ab her 
{olfe, or would vnloofe-her tongue tofayfome truth, ot 
: vie 


PART.3. withe Knight Don-Quixote. | 275 
| vféfome redfon ot perfWafton that micht redound to j 
my benefit, Theard heere in ftead thereof an(wete with a 
| djftiiated and fanguifhiny voice the word: J will : and 
theh Don Fernando thid the fame, and luing her the 
|| ting they remained tyed with an indiffoluble knot. Then 
| the bridegroomeé cottuntirg to kiffe his hou, fhe fee her, 
hand vport her heate ," and fell in a‘ trance beeweene. 
her mothers atmes, - | 

Now oticly remaines vittold the cafe wherein tl was, 
{eeing m that,yea, which I had heard thy hopes deluded, 
| Lajcinddes words and promifes falfified ; and jnty felfe 
| wholy ‘difabled totecouér. in any time the good which 
I fof in that inftant, I refled void of countell, abandoned 
(it mint opinion ) by heauen, proclaimed an “ii to 
the earth which vpheld me, the ayre denying breath e- 
| nouph for my fighes, and the watet,hamour fufficient to 
mine cyes: only the fire incteafed in {uch tianér,as 1 bur- 
ned throughly with rage arid iealoufié. All the houfe was 
faa tumult for this fodaine amazement of La[cinda, and 
as het thorhrer vnclafped her bofome to giue her the ayre, 
chert appeared im ita paper foulded vp, which Don Fer- 
nando prefently feazed on, and went afide to reade it by 
| the fight of a torch,and after he had read it,he fatedown | 
ina chayre, laying his hands on his cheeke, with manifeft, 
| ignes of melancholy difcohtent, without ‘bethinking, 
himicife of the remedies that were applied to his fpoufe, 
to bring her againe to her felfe. I fecing allthe folke of 
{ the houfe thus in an vprore, did aduenture my felfe to 
ifiue, Hot waighimg thuch whether Iwerel{eene ornos | 
bearimg withall a refolution (if I were perceiued) to play, 
fuch arafhpatt as all the world fhould vnderftand the, 
iuftindigmation of my'brealt, by the reuenge I would: 
take on'falfe Dom Fernasdo , and the mutable and dif-: 
tiraied traytreffe: But. my deftinie which ‘hath teferued| 
me for preater cuils, if poffibly there may be any greater, 
then mine owne . ordained thar inQant mv wit fhould. 


- 


~ 


The delightful Hiflorie ofthe Pa n7434 


abound, whereof ever fince | have. fo creat wane. :" and | 
therefore without will to take reuenge of my preatet.c, | 
nemies (of whom I might haue takerrit with all facilitie, 
by reafon they fulpected fo Jittlé my being there) I de- 
termined co take it on my felfe, and execute in my{elfe 
che. paine which they deferued; and that perhaps with 
amore rigour then I would haue vicd towards, them, if 1 


} had flaine them at that time,(eeing that the fodaine death 


finifhethprefently the pain, but thatwhich dothlingringly 
torment, kils alwaies without ending the life. Tobe. 
fhort, J went outof the honfe, and came. to. the other 
where I had left my Mule, which I caufedtobee fadled, 


| and without bidding mine. hoaft adiew , I mounted on 


her, and rode out of the Citie, without daring like ano- 
ther Lot to curne back and behold jt: and then feeing my 
felfe alone inthe fields, and'thac the’ darkeneffe of the 
njahe did couer me, and the filence thereof iDuite me to 
‘cemplain,without refpedt or feare'to be beard or known, 
I did Jet flip my voyce and vntied my congue with fo ma- 
ny curfes of Lxfcinda and Don Ferdinandn, as if thereby 


4 [might fatisfie the wrong they had done me, J gaue her 


the title, of cruel, vngratefull, falle, and foorncful , but 
{pecially of couerous, feeing the riches of mine enemie, 
had fhuc vp the eyes of hicr affection, to depriue me ther - 


more fankly and hbérally : and in the midi of this tune 
of malediStions and feornes, I did excufe her faying: that 
it was no maruaile that a Mayden, kept clofe in her pa- 
rents houfe , made and accuftomed alwaies ta obey 
them, fhould atlaft condifcend to their will fpecially, 
fceiny they beftowed vpan her for husband fo noble, fo 
rich and proper a Gentleman as go réfufe him, would be 
reputed in herte proceed either from want of iudge- 
nent,or from hauing beftowed her affeCtions elfewhere, 
w hich things muff of force greatly preiudice her good | 
opinion and renowne. Préfently would! curae againe to 
| | {ag 


of, and render it to hing, with whom fortune. had deale | 


ee bail Ee — ~~ we 7 


PA RT.4. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


fay that though fhe had told them that I washer fpoufe, 
they might eafily perceive that in chufing me fhe had not 
made fo ill an election, that fhe might not be excufed,fee- 
ing that before Don Fernando offred himfelfe,they them- 
felues could not happento defire, if their wifhes were 

vided by reafon,fo fit a match for their daughter as my 
{elfe : and fhe might cafily haue faid , before fhee put her 
felte in that laft and forcible paffe, of giuing her hand, 
thac I had already giuen her mine, which I] would come 
out co confefle and confirme all that fhe could any way 
faine in thiscafe: and concluded in the end, that little 
loue, leffe iudgement,much ambition and defire of great. 
nefle caufed her to forget the wordes , wherewithal fhe 
had deceiued, intertained, and fuftained me in my firme 
hopes and honeft defires. 

Viing thefe wordes, and feeling this vnquietneffe in 
my bref, I trauelled all the reft of the night, and ftrucke 
about dawning into one of the entries of chefe moun- 
taines, through which I travelled three‘dayes at random, 
without following or finding any path or way , vneill] 
arrined atlaft to certaine meddowes and fieldes, that lie I 
know not in which part of thefe mountaines: and finding 
there certaine heards , Idemaunded of them which way 
lay the moft craggy and inacceffible places of thefe rocks, 
and they directed me hither ; and prefently I trauelledto- 
wards it, with purpofe bere toend my life : and entring 
in among thofe defarts,my Mule through wearinefle and 
hunger fell dead vnder wne , or rather as J may better fup- 
pofe, to disburden himfelfe of fo vile and vnprofitable a 
burden as he carried in me. I remained a foote,ouvercoime 
by nature, and pierced therow and thorow by bunger, 
without kauing any helpe, or knowing who might fuc- 
cour me ; and remained after that manner I know not 
how long profirate on the ground ; and then I arofe a- 
gaine without any hunger , and 1 found neere vnto mee 


certaine Goatheards, who were thofe doubtlefly thar 
T 4 fedde 


The delightfull Hiftorie ofthe Panrr.3, 


fedde me in my hunger. For they tolde me in what man- 
ner they found me, and how I fpake fo many foolifhand 
madde wordes, as gaue certaine argument that J was 
deuoide of iudgement, AndI haueteltin my felfe fince 
that time that J enioy not my wits perteétly, but rather 
perceive them to be fo weakened and impaired, as I com- 
mit a hundred follies , tearing mine apparrell, crying 
loudly thorow thele defarts , curfing my fates , and idely 
repeating the beloued name of mine enemie, without ha- 
uing any other intent or difcourfe at thattime, then to 
endcauour to finifhmy life ere long: and when I turne 
tomy felfe,Iam fo broken and tyred , as I am {carce able 
to flirreme. My melt ordinary Manion place is inthe 
hollownes ofa Corke tree, fufficiently able to couer this 
wretched carkaffe. The Cowhcards. and the Goatheard 
that feede their cattell here in thefe mountaines , moued 
by charity,gaue me fullenance , leauing meatefor me by 
the wayes, and onthe rockes which they fuppofe I fre- 
quent, and where they thinke I may finde it : and foal- 
though I doe then wantthe vfe of reafon, yet doth nata- 
rallneceMity induce me to know my meate, and ftirreth 
my appetite to couet,and my will co take it. They tell me 
when they meete me in my wits, that] doe othertimes 
coine out tothe hiyh wayes , andtske it from them vio- 
lently,eucn when they themfelues dove offer it vnto mee 
willingly. After this manner doe! pafle my miferable }. 
life,vatill heaven fhall be pleafed to conductit to the Jaf 
pericd,or fo change my memorie, as] may no more re- 
member on the beauty and treacheric of Lafcinda,or the 
iniurie done by Don Ferdinando; for if itdce me this fa- 
ueur without depriving my life, then will I conucrt my 
thouchts to better dilcourfes: ifnot, there is no other re- 
medie but to pray God to receiue my {cule into his mer- 
ci¢ ; for I neyther finde valour nor (ireneth in my feite to 
ridae my bod:e out of che ftraites, whercin for, my plea- 
fure I did at firlt wilhogly intrude it, 


This 


EE EEE EE EET: 


. 4 ® ‘ | 
ich eth ee lL 


This is Sirs the bitter relation of my difafters - where- | 
fore iudgc if it be fuch as may be celebrated with Icfle 
feeling and compafsion then that, which you may by this 
time haue perceiucd in my felfe ? And doe not in vaine 
labour to periwade or counfel me that which reafon thal 
affoord you may bee good for my remnedic: for it will 
. | workeno other effe€t in me then a medicine prefciibed 
by askilfull Phyfitian,toa Patient that willin no fort ree 
ceiueit. I willhaue no health without Lafcinda , and 
fince fhe pleafeth to be alienate hier felie , being or feeing 
fhe ought to be mine: fo doe I alfo takedelight to be of 
therctinue of mifhap, although] might bea retainer to 
good fortune. She hath ordained that her changing fhall 
eflablifh my perdition, And I will labour by procuring 
: mine ownc loffe,to pleafe and fatisfie her wil: and it fhal 

be an example to enfuing ages, that I alone wanted thar, 
} wherewithall all ocher wretches abounded, t6 whom the 
impolsibility of receiuing comfort, proucd fometimes a 
cure sbutin me it is an occafion of greater feeling and 
harme,bccaufe 1 am perfwaded that my harmes cannot 
end euen with very death it felfe. Here Cardenio finifhed 
his large difcourfe,and vnfortunate and amorous Hiftory; 
and iuftaboucthe time that the Curate was bethinking . 
himfelfe of fome comfortable reafons to an{wer and per- 
: {wade him: he was iufpended by a voyce which arriued 

tohis hearing which with pictifull accents {aid what fhall 

be recounted in the fourth part of this Narration, For in 

this very point the wile and moft abloluteHillorio- 
erapher Cid Hamete Benengeli finifhed 
~ the third Part of this 
HisToORY, 


T 4 THE 


“ biosh : _ 
rrr L 
Jrmrenee mo 4 Pe pre 


: ' 
yO, 
’ 


WES, 


HISTORY OF THE WIT- 


TY KNIGHT Don-Qvyixors 
of the #1 4ALCH A. 


THE FOV RTH PART. 


CHAP. I. 


Wherein ts difcourfed the new and pleafant aduenture 
that hapned to the Curate and Barber , in Sierra 
Morena. 


q Off happy and fortunate were 
P thofe times , wherein the thrife 
S audacious and belde Knight 
7} Don-Quixote of the Mancha, 
7 was beltowed on the world; by 
FS whofe moft honorable refoluti- 


= already worne out, and wel- 
. a nich difeafed exercife of armes, 
wee joy in this our fo niggard and fcant an age of al 


paftimes,not onely the {weetneffe of his true Hiftorie,but | 


alfo of che other tales,and digreffions containcd there- 
in, which are in fome refpects leffe pleating, artificial and 
true , then the very Hiftory it felfe, The which profecu- 


ting the carded, fpun, and felfetwined thteede of the rela 
tion 


on, to revive and renue in it the }- 


282 


The delightfull Hifforie of the Pant. 4. 


tion fayes,that as the Curate beganne to bethinke hiin- 
(clfe vpon fome anfwere that night both confort and a- 
nimate Cardenio, hee was hindered by a voyce which 
came to his hearing , faid very dolefully the words en- 

{ui ng. ‘ 
6 God ! ss it pofsible that I haue yet found out the |. 
place which may ferue for a hidden Sepulchre,to the load 
of this loathfome body that I vawillingly beare fo long ? 
Yes it may be, if the folitarinefle of thefe rockes doe not 
illude me, ah ynfortunate that Iam / Howmuch more 


| gratefull companions will chefe cragges and thickets 


proue tomy defignes, by affoording me leifure to com- 
municate my mifhaps to heauen with plaints; then chat 
if any mortal] man liuing , fince there is none vpon earth 
from whom may be expected counfell in doubrs , eafe in 
complaints, or inharmes remedie, The Curate and his 
companions heard and vnderftood all the words clecrely, 
and toras much astheyconiectured ( as indeede it was ) 
that thofe plaints were delivered very neere vnto them, | 
they did allarife to fearch out the plaintifte; and Lauing 
gone fome twenty fteppes thence ,they bchelde a young 
youth behinde arocke, fitting vnder an Afhe trec,and at- 
tired like a country Swaine, whom by reafon his face was 
inclined , as hee face wafhiag of his fecte in the cleere 
Areame that glided that way, they cou'd not perfectly di- 
{cerne ; and therefore approched towards him with fo 
great filence,as they were not defcryed by him who only 
attended to the wafhing of his feet, which were fo white, 
as they propcrly refembled two pieces of cleere cryftall, 
that grew among the other {tones of the ftreame. The 
whitenefle and beautie cfthefeete amazed them, being 
not made as thcy well coniectured , to treade cloddes, or 
meafure the fleppes of lazic Oxen,and holding the Plow, 


_ [as the youthes apparrell would perfwade them ; and 


therefore the Curate, who went before the reft, feeing 
‘hey were not yet efpyed5 made fionestothe othertwo 
thor 


oe 


P ART.4. wrttie Knight Don-Quixote. 


that they fhould diuert a little out ofthe way, or hide 


themfelues behinde fome broken cliffes that were neere 


| the place; which they did allof them, noting what the 


youth did with very great attention, Hee wore a little 


‘browne Capouch, gyrt very neere to his body witha 


white Towell ; alfo a paire of Breeches and Gamafheos 


| of the fame coloured cloth,and on his head aclay colou- 


red Cap. HisGamafheos were lifted vp halfe the leyge, 
which verily feemed to be white e4/ablifer. Finally, ha- 


uing wafhed his feete, taking out alinnen Kerchife from |- 


vnder his Cappe,he dried them therewithall, and atthe 
taking out of the Kerchife, he held vp his face , and then 
thofe which flood gazing on him had leifure to difcerne 
an vnmatchable beautie,fo furpafsing great, as Cardenio 
rounding the Curate in the eare, faid,this bodie fince it is 


not Lafcinda canbe no humane creature, but a diuine. 


The youth tooke offhis Cappe at laft, and fhaking his 
head to the one and other part, did difheauell and difco- 
uerfuch beautifull haires, as thole of Phebus mightiuftly 
emulate them : and thereby they knew the fuppofed 
Swaincto bea delicate woman, yeaand the fairctt chat 
euer the firft two had feene in their liues, or Cardenio 
himfelfe, the loucly Lufemda excepted 3 for as he after 
affirmed,no feature faue Lufcindas could contend with 
hers. The long and golden haires did not onely couer 
her fhoulders, but did alfo hide her round about, in fuch 
fort,as( her feete excepted)no other part of her body ap- 
peared, they were foneere and long. At this time her 
hands ferued her for a Combe, which as her feete feemed 
pieces of cryflall in the water, fo did they appeare among 
her haires like pieces of driuen Snow. All which circum- 
(tances did poffeffethe three which flood gazing ac her 
with great admiration,and dcfireto know what fhe was; 
and therefore refolued to fhew themfeluess and with che 
noyfe which they made when they arofe, the beautifull 
mayden held vp her head,and remouing her haircs from 


before | 


283 


284. 


The delightful Hiftorie of the 


before her eyes with both handes, fhe efpyed thofe that 
had made it, and prefently arifing fullof feare and trou- 
ble,flhe laid hand on a packet that was by her, which fee- 
med to be of apparrell,and thought to flie away, without 
flaying to pull on her fhooes, or to gather vp her haire : 
But {carce had fhe gone fixe paces when her delicate and 
tender feete, ynable.to abide the rough encounter of the 
tones made her to fallto the earth. Which the three per- 
ceiving ,they came out to her,and theCurate arriuing firft 
ofall, faidto her: Ladie, whatfocuer you be, ftay and 
feare nothings for we which you beholde here,come on- 
ly with intention to doe you feruice , and therefore you 
neede not pretend fo impertinent a flight, which neyther 
your feete can endure nor would we permit. The poore 
Gyrle remained fo amazed and confounded , as {hee an- 
{wered not a word : wherefore the Curate and the ref 
drawing necrer,he tooke herby the hand, and then hee 
profecuted his {peech, faying, What your habite concea- 
led from vs Ladie,your haires haue bewrayed, being ma- 
nifeft arguments that the caufes were of no {mal moment 
which haue thus bemasked your fingular beauty , vader 
fo vnworthy array; and conduéted you to this all-aban- 
doned defart; wherein it was a wonderfull chaunce to 
haue met you, if not to remedie your harmes , yet at leatt 
to give you fome comfort , feeing noeuill can afflit and 
vexe one fo much, and plunge him in fo deepe extreames, 
(whileft it deprives not the life) chat will wholly abhorre 
fromlifiening to the aduice that is offered , with a good 
and fincere intention ; fo that faire Ladie, or Lord, or 


P ART.4. 


_ what elfe you thall pleafe to be termed, fhake off your af- 


frightment,and rehearfe vnto vs your good or ill fortune, 
for you (hall finde in vs ioyntly , or in euery one apart, 
companions to helpe you to depige your difa(ters, 
Whileft the Curate made this fpeech , the difouifed 
woman {tood as one halfe afleepe, now beholding the 
one, now the other , without ence mouing her lippe or 


aying 


U 
J 
are 


PART.4. ° wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


laying a word; much like vnto a rufticke Clowne when 
J rare and vnfeene things to hin: before , are vicxpeCted! 

prefented to his view, But the Curate infitting and vfing 
‘1 other perfwafiue reafonsaddreftto that effet, won her 
at laftto make a breach on her tedious filence , and with) 
profound figh blow open her currall pates,faying fom- 


hath not beenc potent to conceale me,nor the difheaue- 
ling of my difordered haires, licenfed my tongue to belie 
; | my fexe,it were in vaine for me to faine that anew,which 
. {af you beleeued it, would be more for courtefies fake then 
any other refpe&t. Which prefuppofed, I fay good Sirs, 
that I doe pratifie you highly for the liberall offers you 
haue made ate ; which are fuch , as haue bound me to fa- 
tisfle your demaund asneere asI may; although J feare 
the relation which I muft make to you of my mifhappes, 
will breede forrow, at. once with compafsion in you , by 
reafon you fhal not beable to find anyfalue that maycure, 
comfort , or beguile them: yet notwithflanding to the 
cnd my reputation may not houer longer fufpended in. 
your opinions, feeing you know mé to be a woman , and 
view me,young,alone and thus attyred,, being things all 
of them able eyther ioyned or parted, to overthrow the 
beft credite,] muft be enforced to vnfolde, what I could 
otherwife moft willingly conceale. ‘All this fhe that ap- | 
peared fo comely {poke without floppe, or flaggering , 
with fo ready deliucrie and {0 fweete a voice, as her dif- 
cretion admired themno leffe thea het beautie. And re- 
Newing againetheir complements and intreaties to her, 
to accoplith {peedily her promi‘e, the fetzing all coyneffe 
apart,drawinp on her fhooes very modefily, and winding 
vp her haire, fate her downe on a flone, and the othe 

| chree about her,where fhe vfed.no little violence to fm.- 
ther certaine rcbellious teares that (troue to breake fortn 


without her permifsion ': and then with a repofed anc 
her life in’ this 


In 


Yr wekan ee 


what to this effe& : Since the folitarinefle of thefe rockes | - 


285 
yt | 


pce = ete 2 


The delightfall Hiftovie of the Parrr.q. 


286 


Towne, froin wlience 4 Duke derives His denofiination, 
“| which makes him one of thole in Spain are call'd Grandes: 
He hath two fonnes, the elder is heire of his States , and 
likewife as may be prefinhed of his vertués; the younpéer 
is heite I know not of what, if it be itot of * Velbde his 
tréacheti¢s,or Galaloxs fraudes, My parents are this No. 
blemans vaflals,éfhiimble and law calling; bet fo rich, 
as if the goods of nature had equalled thofe ‘of their for- 
tunes,then fliould they haue had-nothing elfe todefire , 
nor I feared to fee tity felfe in the misfortunes , wherein J 
| now am plunged. For perhaps my thifhaps proceed from 
| chatof cheirs in not being nobly defcended. True itis 
that they are not fo bafe, as they fhould therefore fhame 
their calling not fohighas may check my conceit, which 
perfwades ine, that my difafers proctede from their low- 
| nefle, Inconclufion,they are but Farmours., 4nd plaine 
people,but without any touch or fpot of badde bloud ,. 
and as we viually fay,Olde tuftie Chriltians , yet fo ruftie 
and auncienit,asit,theirriches, and magnificent potte, 
| gaines-them by litle and litcle the title of Gentilitie; yea, 
"and of worhhip alfo ; although the treafure and Nobility, 
whereof they made ttioft price and account , wasto haue 
“| had me for heir datighter : an@ theréfore'as well by rea- 
fon that they had none otter heire chen thy felfe, asalfo 
‘Decaufe as affe Aionare parents, they held me moft deere: 
{was one ofthe moQ made of and cherifhed daughiters. 
that evier father brought’ vp: Twasthe mitrdur wherein, 
they beheld thermfelues, the (taffe of their olde age , arid 
| the fabicét to which tltey addreft all thelr defires, Fresm 
which, becaufe they Were aioft vertuous, mine did not 
Atay an inch: 4nd éién in the fanie mariner thde. I ‘was 
Ladie of their mitides , ‘fo was Talfo of th¢ir goods. By 
ine were feruants adinitted or diftniffed : the notice and. 
account df what was fowed or'reaped, paft sake my. 


fiege of Camera. 


In this Prouince of eAndalazia thére is 4 ceteaine | 


‘| handes,of che Oyle-mils,theWine-prefles,the number of | 


ie nt 


pe 


P ART.4. wittie Kuight Dap- Qutxote. 2% 7 
ercat and little cartel}, che Bee-hiues ; in fine, ef all tha 
which fo righ a Farmonte as my father was , had or cauld 
haue; Tkeprthe gccounr, ang ws the Steward thereof 
arid Miftrefle, with fuch care of my fide and pleatuse of 
theirs,as Icaynot peffible endure jtenough. The times 
of leifyre that I had jn the day, gfter] had giuen what 
was neceflary to rhe head feruants , and others,labourers 
I did intertaine in shofe cxercifes, which were both com. 
wmeadable and requifite for mgyder's , to wit ,In fowing, 
making of bone-lace , and many times handling the Di- 
ftaffe: afd if fometimes] left thofe exercifes tg recreate 
my minde a little, I would then take {ome godly hooke in 
-hand,oy play ar the Harpesfor experience had raught me, 
thas mplcke ordereth difordered mindes, and doth ligh- 
‘ten the paffons that afflid the Spirit, This was the life 
which I Iedde in my fathers houfe : the recquusing wher- 
of fo particularly , hathaot beene done for ofentation, 
"| nor to giue you to ynderfland that I amaich , butto the 
end you may note how much , without prine owne fayle 
haue I falne fron that happy fate I have faid, vnto the 
vnfappie plight into which] am now reduced. The His | 
| Rorie therefore is rais, that paffing my life in fo many os- | | 
‘cupations,and that with fuch recalledtion as might hee | 
-compared taa religious lite, ynfecne as I thought by any 
other parfan,then thofe of our houfe : for when Ewent to | 
Mafle sc wag.commongly {a eargly,and fo accompanied by i" 
my mother andothct maid-feryants ; and 1 my felfe fo 
concrd and watchfull, as mine eyes did fearce fee the 
earth whereen I treade: and yct notwithfanding thafe 
oflowe, oras I may betcer terme them, of idlenefle , to | 
which Znces eyes may not be compared, .did reprefent. 
me to Don Ferdinandos affection andcaxe; forthisis the | 
naine of the Dukes younger fonne ,of whom I fpake be- | 
fore. Scarce bad fhe named Dow Ferdinando when Car- || 
denio changed colour, and began to fweate. with {achal- 
| tcration of bodie and cquntenance jas) the|Curace and | 


Ba:ber 


288 


The aclight{ull Hiftorieof the Par To4e | 


Barber which beheld it, feared that the accident of fren - 


zie did affault him which was wonc as they had heard to 
pofleffe him at times. But Cardenie did nothing elfe then 
{weat, and ftood ftill beholding now and then the coun- 


trey pyrle apt se what fhe was, who with- }. 


out taking notice of his alteration, followed on her dif- 
courfe in this manner, And {earce had he feene me when 
(as he himfelfe after confeft ) he abode greatly furpri- 


zed by my loue, as his actions did after giue euident 


demonftration., | z 

But to conclude, foone the relation of thofe misfor- 
tures which haue no conclufion, I will ouerflip in filence 
the diligences and practifes of Don Ferdinando vied to 
declare ynto me his affection:he fuborned all the folke of 
the houfe. He beftowed gifts and fauours on my parents: 
every day‘was a holy day,and a day of {ports in the Areets 
where I dwelled: at night no man could fleepe for mu- 
ficke ; the letters werg innumerable that came cto my 
hands witheut knowing who brought them; farfed too 
full of amorous conceits and offers; and containing more 
promifes and proteflations chen they had characters, All 
which,not onely could not mollifie my mind, but rather 
hardened it as much as if he were my mertal cnemie,and 
therefore did contre all the indcuours he vfed to gaine 


my good will tobe praétifed to a contrary end : which | 


I did not,as according Des Fernandes vngentie, or that I 
efteemed him too imporeunat,for J cook a kind of delighe 
to fee my felfe fo highly eflecmed and beloued of fo no- 
ble a Gentleman : nor was I any thing’ offended to fee 
his papers written in my saitetor if 1 be not deceiued ia 
this puint, be we women euer fo foule, we loue to heare 
men call vs beaatifull.But mine honefty was that which 
oppofed it felfe vntoall thefe things , and the continuall 
admonitions of my parents, which had by this plainely 
perceiued Den F ernandos pretence'as one that cared not, 
all che world fhould know it, They would often fav yn- 


~~ 


ee oe me TW Ee 


P aART.4. wittie Knight Dom-Qusxote, 28 9 


to me, that chey had depofited their honours and repu- 
tation in my vertue alone and diferetion, and bad me [| 
confider the inequality thac was betweene Dow Fernande 
and me, and that I mighecollect by it how his thoughts 
( did he ever fo much affirme the contrary ) were more 
addreftto compafle his pleafures then my profit.And that 
if I feared any inconuenience might befall, to the end 
they might croffe it, 8 caufe him to abandon his fo vniuft 
-apurfuite chey would match me where! moft liked, ey- 
ther to the befl of that towne, or any ether towne ad- 
ioyning, faymg they might ecafily compaffe it, both by 
reafon of their great wealth and ny good report. I forti- 
fied my refolution and integrity with chefe cértaine pro~ 
mifes, and the knowne truth whichthey toldme, and 
therefore would neuer anfwere to Dons Fernando any 
word, that might euer fo farre of argue the leaft hope of 
condifcending to his defires4 All which cautions of mine 
whieh I think he deemed to be difdains,did inflame more 
his lafciuious appetite (for this isthe name wherewithal 
Tintide his affeQion towards me ) which hed it beene 
fuch as it ought, you had not knowne it row, for then 
the caufe of reuealing it had not befalne me. Finally Don 
Fernande vnderftand how my parents meant to marrie 
mee: to the end they might illude his hope of euer pof- 
{effing me, or at leaft fet more gards to preferue mine ho- 
nour, and this newes or furmife was an occafion that hee 
did, what you fhall prefently heare. | 
For one night as J fate in my chamber only attended by 
a young Mayden that ferued me,] hauing fhut the doores 
very fafe,for feate leaft through any negligencemy hone- 
(tie might incur any danger without knowing or imagi- 
ninghow it night happé :notwithftanding all my diligé- 
ces vied and preuentions, &amidfi the folitude of this f- 
Tence and recollection, he food before me in my cham- 
ber. At his prefence I was fo troubled as Toft both fight 


and {peech, and by.reafon thereof could'notcrie , nor I 
vw thinke 


290 


thinke he would not though F had attempted it, permit 


much the truth: and the traytor caufed teares, to giue 


The delightfull Hiftorie ofthe  Panrt.d. 


me. Forhe prefently ranne ouer to me, and taking me 
betweene his armes (for as I haue faid I was fo amazed, 
as |hadno power to defend my felfe ) he faid fuch things 
to meas I knew not how it ispeffible that yntruth fhould 
haue the ability to faine things.refembling in fhew fo 


credit to his words,and fighes to gine countenance to his 
intention. Ipeore foule being alone amidft my friends, 
Su weakly practifed in fuch affairs began I knew not.how 
to‘account his leefings for verities, but not in fuch fort,as 
his teares or fighes might any wife moue me to any com 
paffion that were not commendable, And fo the firft 
trouble & amazement of mind being paft, 1 began again 
to recouer-my, defeiue {pirits,and then {aid to him with | 
more courage then I thought I fhould baue had; if as-¥ 
am my Lord betweene your armes, I were betweene the 
pawes of a fierce Lyon, and that I weré made certaine of 
my liberty on condition to dee or fay any thing preiudi- 
ciall to mine honour: it would proue ‘as impoflible for 
me to.accept.it, as for thas which! once hath beene , ro 
leaue off his eflence andbeing, Wherefore euen as you 
haue ingyrt my middle with your armes, fo likewife haue 
Itied.faltmy minde with vertuous and forcible defires, 
that'are wholy difcrepant from yeurs,:35 you shall: per- 
ceine, if feeking to force me, you prefumeto paffe fur- 
ther with your inordinate defigne, J am-your vaflail,but 
not your flaue;nor hath the nobility of your bloud power 
nor ought it.to harden, to difhonour,'flaine or hold in 
little account the humility of mine; and I doe efleeme 
my felfe though a coudtrey wench and farmers daughter, 
as much as you can your ftlfe, though a Nobleman anda 
Lord: With me your violence fhall not preuaile, your 
riches gaine any grace, your words -haue power to de- 
rae oe ha and teares be able.to moue: yet if I 
hall finde any of thefe properties:mentionéd in, him 
come when 


PaRn4.  wittie Knight Don-Quixote, 


ms SSS sn TE A KE I TI DOCS LESTE TOO 
when my parents fhall pleafe to beftow on me for my 
{poufe, I will prefencly fubiect my will to his, nor fhall 
it ever vatie frora his minde a ioc: So that if I might re- 
maine wich honor,although I refted void of delights, yer 
would I willingly bettow onyou,that which you prefent- 
ly labour fo much to obtaine: all which I do fayto diuert 
your ftraying thought from euer thinking that any one 
may obtaine of me ought who is not my lawfull fpoufe : 
Ifthe let oncly confittes therein moft beautifull D orerea 
(for fo 1 am called) anfwered the difloyall Lord: behold I 
viue thee here my hand to be thine alone:and Jet che hea- 
uens from which nothing is concealed ; and this Image of 
our Lady which thou haft heere prefent, be witnefles of 
this truth, When Cardenio heard her fay that fhe was cal- 
led Derorea, he fell again into his former {ufpicion,and in 
the end confirmed his firft opinion to be. truc:but would 
not interrupt her {peech, being defirous te know the fuc- 
cefle, which he knew wholy almoft before,and therefore 
faid onely. Lady is it poffible that you are named Doro- 
tea, Ihaue heard {peake of another of that name, which 
ses hath runne the like courfe of your misfortunes : 
ut I requeft you to continue your relatié,for a time may 
come wherein I may recount vnto you things of the fame 
kinde, which will breed no {mall admiration. Dorotea 
noted Cardenios words, and his yncouth , and difaftrous 
attire, and then intreated him very inftantly if he knew 
any thing of her affaires, he would acquaint her there- 
withall, For if fortune had left her any good, it was one- 
ly the courage which fhe had to beare patiently and difa- 
(ier that might befall her, being certaine in her opinion 
that no newone could arriue which might increafe a whit 
thofe fle had alreadie. Ladie I would not let flip the oc- 
cafion (quoth ( ardenio) ta tell you what I thinke, if that 
which I imagine were true : and yet there is no cemmo- 
ditie left to ‘oe it: nor can it auaile you much to know 
it. Letitbe what it lift faid Dorotea: but that which af- 


2.92 


The delightfull. Hiflorie of: the Pant.4. 


Si 
ter befell, of myjrelation was this : That Don Fernando 
tooke an Image that wasin my chamber for witnefle of 
our concraét, and added withall moft forcible words and 
vnufuall oathes, promifing vato me to become ny huf- 
band. Although I warned him, before he had ended his 
{peech, to fee well what he did, and to weigh the wrath 
of his father, when he fhould fee him married to one fo 
bafe, and his vaffall, and that therefore he fhould take 
heede that my beantie fuch as it was fhould not blinde 
him. Secing he thould not finde therein a fufficient ex- 
cufe for his errour: and that if he meanttodoe me any 
good, I coniured him by the loue that he bore ynto me, 
to licenfe my fortunes to roule in their owne {pheare, ac- 
cording as my quality reached : For fuch vnequall mat- 
ches doe neuer pleafe long,nor perfeuer with that delight 
wherewithall they begunne, — 

All the reafons heere rehearfed, I faid vntohim, and |} 
maiy moe ; which now are falne out of minde, but 
yet proved of no efficacy to weane him from his cbftinate 

purpole, euen like vnto one that goeth to buy; which 
intention neuer to pay for what he takes : and therefore 
‘neuer canfiders the price, worthineffe, or faultleffe of the 
Auffe he takes totredit. I at this feafon made a briefe dif 
courte, and faid thus to my felfe: I may doe this, for] } 
am not the fir which bymattimonie hath afcended from | 
alowdgrec to ahigh eftate : nor fhall Don Fernando | 
be the firtt whom beaurie or blind affection ( for that is } 
the moft certaine) hath induced to make choyce of a con- |. 
| fort vnequall to his greatneffe, Then fince herein I cre- | 
ate no new world, nor cuftome, what error can be com- 
mitted by embracing the honour wherewithal] fortune |; 
crownes me: Althoughit fo befell that his affection to | 
to me endured no longer then till he accon plith his will, 
for before God,] certes fhall fill remaine his wife.And if | 
{1 fhould difdainfully giue him the repulfe,1 fee him now 
in fuch termes,as perhaps forgetting the dutie ofa Noble 


Parr.gq.  wittie Knight Don-Quixote, - 2.93 
man, hee may vfe violence, and then thall I remaine 
for ewer difhonoured,and al{o without excufe of the im- 
putations of the ignorant which knew not how much 
without any faule I haue falne into this inevitable dan- 
ger. For, whatreafons may be fufficiently forcible to 
perfwade my father and other that this Noble man did 
enter into my chamber without my confent? All thefe 
demaunds and anfwers did] in an inftane reuolue in 
miné imagination , and found my felfe chiefly forced 
(how I cannot tell) to affent to his petition, by the 
witneffes hee intoked,the teares hee fhed, and finally 
by his {weete difpofition and comely feature, which ac- 
companied with fo many arguments of ynfained affccti- 
on, were able to conqucre and enthrall any other 
heart, though it were as free and wary as mine owne. 
Then called I for my waiting Maide that fhe might on 
earth accompany the celeftiall witneffcs, And then 
Don Fernando turned againe to reiterate and confirme 
his oathes, and added to his former , other new 
Saints as witnefles , and wifhed athoufand fuceeeding | 
. {| maledictions to light on him, if he did not accomplifh 
his promife to me. His eyes againe waxed moyft , his 
fighes increafed, and himfelfe inwreathed mee more 
Qraightly betweene his armes , from which he had ne- 
uer once loofed mee : and with this, and my Maydens 
departure, I left to be a Mayden, and hee beganne tobe 
a traytor, and difloyall man, The day that fucceded to 
thenightof my mifhaps came not I thinke fo foone as 
Don Fernando defired it : for after a man hath fatisfied 
that which the appetite couets, the greatcit delight ic 
can take after is to appart it felfe from the place where 
the defire was accomplifhed. I fay this, becaufe Don 
Fernando did ha(ten his departure from me, by my Maids 
induftrie, who was the very fame that had brought him 
into my chamber, hee was got in the fireete before ) 
dawoing, And at his departure from mec he faid or j 


a one st®e A 


294. 


The delightfull Hiflorie of the Panr.4. 


eg a a ce eee 
though not with fo great fhew of affection and vehe- 


inencie, asheehad vied at his comming ) that I might 
be fecure of his faith, and that his oathes were firme |. 
moft true : and for amore confirmation of his word bee 
tooke a rich ring off his finger , and put it on mine, In 
fine he departed and Iremained behinde I cannot well 
fay, whether ioyfull or fad; butthis moch! know that 
I refted confufed and penfiue, and alofi befide my felfe | 
for the late mifchance; yeteytherI had not the heart, 
or clfe 1 forgot to chide my Maide for her treacherie 
committed by fhutting vp Dew Ferxarde inmy cham- 
ber: for as yet I could not determine, whether that which 
hadbefalne mee, was a good orancuill. I faid to Don 
Ferdmando at his departure that he might fee mee other 
nights when he pleafed by the fatne meanes hee had 
come that night fecing I washisowne, and would refi 
fo, vntill ic pleafed himto Ict the world know that J 
was his wife. But hee neuer returned againe, bur the 
next night follawing ; could J fee him after for the 
fpace of amoneth eyther in the flreete or Church, fo as 
I did but {pend time in vaine to expeet him: although T | 
vnderfloade that hee was fiill in towne, ahd rode cuerie 
other day a hunting an cxercife to which hee was much 
addifted, | a 
Tinofe dayes were ] know,vn fortunate and accurfd to 
me,and thofe houres ferrowfull; for inthem ] beean to 
doubt,nay rather wholly to difcredite Dow Fermando his 
faith: and my maide did then heare loudly the checkes I 
gaue vnto her forher prefumption, euer vntill then dif- 
fembled. And I was moreoa:rconftrained to watchand 


“kecpe guard on my teares and countenance , Ieft] fhould |- 


siuc occafion to my parents to demaund of me the caufe 
‘fmy difcontents , and therby ingage ine to vf ambzgcs | 
cr votrathes to couer them. But all this ended in an in- 
ant, one moment arriving whercon, all thcfecretpeas | 
ttumbled,all honourable dilcourfes ended , patience was 


PaR T.4.  wattre Knight Don-Quixote. 


loft,and my moft hidden fecrets iffued in publicke: which 
was when there was {pread a certaine rumour through- 
out the towne within a few dayes after,that Dox Fernan- 
do had married in a Citie necre adioyning , adamzell of 
furpa(sing beautie,and of very noble birth, although not 
fo rich,as could deferue by her preferment or dowrie fo 
worthy a husband. Ie was alfo faid,that fhe was named 
Lufcinda,with many other things thac hapned at their 
Spoufals, worthy of admiration. (ardenio hearing Ly- 
{cindanamed , did nothing elfe but lift vp his fhoulders, 
bite his lippe,bend his browes , and after a little while 
fhedde from his eyes two floods of teares, But yet for all 
that Dorotea did not interrupt the file of her Hiltotie,fay- 
ing , This dolefull newes came to my hearing, and my 
heart in fleede of freezing thereat ,was fo inflamed with 
choler and rage,as I had welnigh runne out to the {treets, 
and with outcries publifhed the deceit and treafon that 
was done to me : but my furie was prefently afflwaged by 
the refolution which I made, to doe what I put in execu- 
tion the 7 famenight, andthenI puton this habite 
which you fee,being giuen vnto me by one of thofe that 
among vs Countrey -folke are called Swaines , who was 
my fathers feruant;to whom difclofed all my misfor- 
tunes,andrequefted him to accompany me to the Citie, 
where I vnderftood mine enemie foiourned. He, after he 
had reprehended my boldneffe,perceiuing me to haue an 
inflexible refolution , made offer to attend on me as hee 
faid,vnto the end of che world: and prefently afeer I truf- 
fed vp ina pillowbeare,a womans attire,fome mony and 
| jewels, co prevent necefsities that might befall ; and in 
| the filence of night, without acquainting my treacherous | 
maide with my purpofe,] iffted out of my houfe , accom- 
panied by ayy feruant, and many imaginations : and in 
that manner fet on cowards the Citie,and though I went 
on foote, was yet berne away flying, by my defires, to 


'| come ifnot time enough to hinder chat which was paft, 
cr i, war 


The delightful Hiflorie ofthe Pant. 


yet at leaftto demaund of Dos Fernando that he would 


tell me with what con{cience or foule he had doneit, J] 
arriued where I wifhed within two dayes and a halfe ; 
and atthe entry of the Citie I demaunded where Lafcrs- 
da her father dwelled ? and he of whom] fir demaunded 
the queftion anfwered me more then I defired to heare : 
he fhewed me the houfe,and recounted to me all that be- 
fell at che daughters marriage , being a thing fo publique 
and knowne in the Citie , asmen made mectings of pur- 
pofeto difcourfe thereof, Hee faid te me thatthe ve 

night wherein Dos Fernando was efpoufed to Lufcinda , 
after chat fhe had giuen her confent to be his wife , thee 
was inftantly aflayled by a terrible accident , that ftrucke 


} her into a traunce,and her fpoufe approching to vnclafpe 


her bofome, that fhe might take the ayre , found a paper 
foulded in it,written with Lufcisdas owne hand,wherein 
fhe faid and declared, that fhe could not.be Don Fernane 
does wife, becaufe fhe was already (ardenioes , who was, 
as thc man tolde me, a very principail Gentleman of the | 
fame Citie; and that if the had giuen her confent to Don | 
Fernando, it was onely done becaufe fhe would not difo- 

bey her parents : in conclufion he tolde me, that the Bil- 
let made alfo mention , how fhee had a refolution to kill 
her felfe prefently after the marriage, and did alfo lay 
downe therein the motiues fhe had to-doe it. Allwhich 
as they fay was confirmed bya poynard that was found 
hidden about herin her apparrell. Which Den Fernando 
perceiuing prefuming that Lafcmdadid flout him, and 
holde him in little account , hee fet vpon her ere fhe had 
turned to her felfe, and attcmpted to kill her with the ve- 
ty fame poynard; and had done ic it her father and other 
triends which were prefent had not oppofed themfelues, 
and hindered his determination. Moreouer they reported 
that prefently after DonFernande abfented himfelfe from 
the Citie,and that La/cinda turned not out of her agony 
vntill che next day, and then recountedto her parents 


Se 


Part.4- wittie Knight Don-Quixote. | 


how fhe was verily Spoufe to that Cardenio.of whom we: 
{fpake euennow. I learned befides that Cardenio as it is 
rumourd,was prefent at the marriage , and that as foone 
as he {aw her married, being a thing he would never have 
credited, departed out of the Citic in a defperate moode, 
but firttleft behinde him a letcer, wherein he fhewed at 
large the wrong Ew{cinds had done to him, and that hee 
hinfelfe meant to go to fome place where people fhould 
neuer after heare ofhim, All this was notorious, and 
publiquely bruited throughout the Citie,and euery one 
{poke thereof, but moft of all having very foone after vn- 
sar ee that Lafcinda was mifling from her parents 
houfe and the Citie ;for fhee could not be found in ney- 
ther ofboth: for which her parents were almoft befide 
themfelues , not knowing what meanes to vie to finde 
her, “ 
Thefe newes reduced my hopes again to their rancks, 

and Iefteemed it better to find Dos Fernandevamarried 
then married,prefuming that yet the gates of my remedy 
were not wholly hut, I giuing my felfe to vnderftand 
that heauen had peraduenture fet that impediment on 
the fecond marriage , to make him ynder(land what kee 
oughtto the fitft ; and to remember, how he was a ( Uri- 
ftian,and that he was more obliged to his foule then to 
humane refpects. EF reuolued all thefe things in my mind, 
and comfortlefle did yet comfort my felfe, by faining 
large yet languifhing hopes to fuflaine chat life which 
I now do fo much abhor, And while@ I ftaide clus in the 
Citie,ignorant what I might doe,feeing I found not Dox 
Fernando, hearda cryer god about publikely,promifing 
great re wards to any one that could finde me out, giuiny | 
fignes of the very age & apparrell I wore. Aind I likewilc 
heard it was bruited abroad,that the youth which came 
with me had carried me away frommy fathers houfe. A 
thing that touched my foule very neerely,,,to.view mv 
ctedite fo greatly wrackt, feeing that it was notiuficient 


[ 


The delightfull Hiflorie ofthe Pant. 3. 


to haue loft ic by my comming away, without the additi- 
on of him with whom I departed, being a fubie&t fo bafe 
and vnworthy of my loftier thoughts.Hauing heard this 
crie,] departed out of the Citie with my feruant : whoe 
uen then began to giue cokens that he faultred in the fi- 
delitie he had promifed tome: and both of vs together 
entred che very fame night into the moft hidden patts of 
this mountaine,fearing left we might be found. But as it 
is commonly {aid, that one euill cals on another,and that 
the end of one difafter is the beginning of a greater, fo 
proued it with me; for my goad feruant,vntill then faith- 
full and truftie , rather incited by his owne villany then 
my beautie, thought to haue taken the benefite of the o- 
portunity which thefe inhabitable places offered;and fol- 
licited me of loue, with little fhame and leffe feare of 
G OD or refpeét of my felfe: and now feeing that | 
anfwered his impudencies with fcuere andy reprehen- 
fiue wordes , leauing the intreaties afide , wherwithall 
he thought firfito haue compat his will, he began to vfe 
his force, But iuft heauen which feldome or neuer nep- 
le&ts che iuft mans affiftance, did fofauour my procee- 
dings,as with my weake forces, and very little labour , J 
threw him downe a fteepe recke , andthere left him, 1 
kaow not whether aliue or dead. And prefently I entred 
in among thefe mountaines , with more {wiftneffe then 
my feare and wearineffe required ; hauing therein no o- 
ther praiedt or defigne,then to hide my {elfe in them,and 
fhunne ty father and others, which by hisintreaty and 
meanes fought for me euery where. Some moneths are 
paft {ince my firlt comming here, where] found a Heard- 
man, whocarried metoa village feated in the midft of 
thefe rockes ,° wherein he dweled and: intertained me, 
whom I haue ferued asa Sheepheard cuer fince,procuring 
as muchas lay in me to abitle fill in the fielde, tocouer 
thefe haires, which hate now fo vnexpectedly. betraide 
me. Yet all my care and induftry was not very beneficial, 
: ff. _: 


a ne ee ee ee 


298 | 


‘ ‘s,! . : ; . j 
PART.3. wittie Knight Dén- Quixote. 7 299 


{ceing my Mafer came at laft to the notice that I wasno 
man but a woman, which was an occafion that che like 
euill thought fprung in himjas before in my feruant. And 
as fortune giues not alwayes remedie for the difficulties 
_| which occurre , I found neyther rocke nor downefall to 
coole and cure my Maftersinfirmitie, as J had done for 
my man:and therefore 1 accounted it a lefle inconueni- 
ence to departthence and hide my {eife apaine among 
thefedefarts, then to adventure the triall of my ftrength 
or rcafon with him, - Fherefore,as Hay , I turned toim- 
boske miy felfe,and fearch aut fone place, where without 
any encumbrance I might intceat heauen with my fighes |. 
and teares,to haue compafsion-on my mifhap; and lend 
me indultry and fauour,eyther to iflue fortunately out of | 
it,orelfero die amiditthefe folitudes, not leaving any 
memory ofa wretch , who hath miniftred matter , al- | 
thouch not through her owne default ,: chat men may 
{peake and murmure of her, both in her owne and in o- 
ther countries, : 


| Cc AP. Il. 


SEP\Y die, fee therfore now and iudge, whether | 

Cag? the fighes you heard,the wordsro which 

6! Tyocgy youlillened, andthe teares that gufhed 7 
ble eeeced ie outat mine eyeshaite not had fufficient 

—eee“* occafion to appeare-in greater abun- | 

dance: and having confidered the quahty of my difgraces | 


artyes | 


300 


The delight{ull Hiftorie of the Pant.4. | 


you (hall perceiue all comfort to be vaine , {ceing the re- 

medie thereof is impofsible. Only I will requeftat your 

handes one fauor which you ought and may eafily grant, | 
_and is that you will addreffe me vnto fome place, where I 
may liue fecure ftom the feare and {ufpition I haue co be 
found by thofe which I know doe daily trauell in my pur- 
{uit : for although J am fure that my parents great affecti- 
on towards me,doth warrant me to be kindely receiued 
and inteetsined by them : yet the fhame is fo great that 
poffeffeth me onely to. thinke that I fhall not returne to 
their prefence in that flate which they expect, as I ac- 
count it farre betterto banifh my felfe from their fight 
for euer,then once tobeholde their face, with che leaft 
fufpition that they againe would beholde mine diuerced 
from that honeftie which whilome my modeft behaui- 
our promifed. Here fhe ended , and her face fuddenly o- | _ 
uer-run by a louely.fcarlet,per{picuoufly devoted the fee~ 
ling and bafhfulnes of her foule. | 

The audients of her fad ftorie , felt great motions both 
| of pitie and admiration for her misfortunes:and alchough 
the Carate thought to comfort and counfell her forth- 

) with, yet was he preuented by Cardenio, who taking her 
firft by the hand, faid at laf; Ladie,thou art the beautifull | 
Deretea daughter vnto rich ( eonardo, Derotearefted 
admired when fhe heard her fathers name, and faw of 
how little value he feemed, who had named him, For we 
haue already recounted how raggedly Cardenio was clo- 
theds and therefore fhe {aid ynto him, and who art thou 
friend that knoweft {o well my fathers name 5 for vntill 
this houre(if] hawe not forgotten my felfe)I didnot once 
| Xeme hina throughout the whole Difcourfe of my vnfor- 

J tunate talc ? E am (anfwered Cardenie ) the vniuckie 
Knight whom Lafcinda(as thou faid{t affirmed to be her 
husband, IamthedilaftrousCardesio,whom the wick- 
ed procceding of him that hath alfo brought thee to 
thofe termes wherein thou art,hath condu@ted me'to the 


D. ~. 


 foule had not power or fufferance , to beholde fo many 


forthe good fuccefle befalne me now in finding of your 


| PART.3. wittie Knight Don. Qurxote. 


ftate in which I am,and thou mayeft beholde raged, na- 
ked,abandoned by all humane comfort,& what is worfe, 
voyde of fenfe ; feeing I onely enioy it but at fome few 
fhort times,and that, when heauen pleafeth to lend itme. 
Iam hee Doretea that was prefent at Don Fernandoes 
vnreafonable weddiny,and that heard the confent which 
Lujcinds eave him to be his wife, I washee that had 
not the courage to flay and {ee the end of her traunce,or 
what became of the paper found in her bofome. For my 


difuentures at once , and therefore abandoned the place 
and my patience together, and onely left a Letter with 
mine Hofte, whom I intreatedto deliver it into Lw/cinda 
her owne handes,aadthen came into thefedefarts , with 
refohition to end in them my miferable fife, which fince 
‘that houre I haue hated as my moft mortall enemie. But | 
fortune hath noc pleafed to depriue me of it, thinking it 
fufficient to haue impaired my wit , perhaps referuing me 


felfe : for that being true ( as I belecue it is) which you 
haue here difcourfed , peraduenture it may haue referued 
yet better hapfor vs both in our difafers then we doe ex- 
pect. For prefuppofine that Lwfeimde cannot matry with 
‘Don Fernando becaule fhe is mine, nor Don Ferxando 
with her becaufe yours : and that fhe hath declared fo 
manifefily the fame : we may well hope that heauen hath 
meanesto reftore to every one that which is his owne, 
{eeing it yet confifts in being not made away , or anihila- | 
ted. And feeing this comfort remaines , not {prung from 
any very remote hope,nor founded on idle furmifes,I re- |. 
queft thee faire Ladie to take another refolution in thine 
honourable thought, feeing I meane to do it in mine, and 
Jet vs accommodate our felues to expect better fucceffe. | 
For I doe vow vnto thee by the faith ofa Gentleman and 
Chriftian,not to forfake thee vntill I {ee thee in Don Fer: 
wandees pofleffion ; and when I fhall not by resfons be a- 


302 


ble to induce him to acknowledge how farve he refls in- 


| and heard (ardenio,and ignoring whatcompetent thanks 


| as ina dreame the conflid paft betweene them 


The delightfull Hifforie of the Pa RT.4- 


debted to thee,then will vie the liberty graunted to me 
as a Gentleman , and with iuft ticle challenge him to the 
fielde, in refpeét of the wrong he hathdone vnto thee; 
forgetting wholly mine owne iniuries , whofe reuenge I 
willleaueto heauen, that Imay be able to right yours 
on carth, 


Dorotea refted wonderfully admired hauing knowne 


fhe might returne him in fatisfaction of his large offers , 
fhe caft her felfe downe athis feete to haue cia them, 
which Cardenio would not permit : and the Licenciat | - 
anf{wered for both prayfiny greatly Cardemios difcourfe: 
and chiefly intreated, prayed, and counfelled them, that 
they would go with him to his village, where they might 
ficteshemfelues with fuch things as they wanted, and 
alfo take order how to fearch out Don Fernando, or cat- 
rie Derotea to her fathers houfe, or doe elfe what they 
deemed moft conuenient. Curdenio and Dorotea orati- 
fied his courtefies,and accepted the fauour hee proffered. 
The Barber alfo who had flood all the while filent and 
{yfpended, made thema prettie Difcourfe, with as friend- 
ly an offer of himfelfe , and his feruice as Matter Curate; 
and likewife did briefly relate the occafion of their com-. 
ming thither, with the extrauagant kinde of madneffe 
which Don- Quixote had,and how they expected now his |” 
Squires returne , whom they had fent to fearch for him. 
Cardenio having heard him named, remembred prefently 
boand 

recounted it vnte them, but could not in any wifecallto 
minde the occafien thereof. | 
By this time they beard one call for them,and knew by 
the voyce that ic was Saxcho Pancas , who becaufe hee 
found them not in the place where he had left them, cry- 
ed out for them as loudly as he might. They went to 
meete hiat,and demaunding for Don- Quixote, hean{we- 


| PART. 4. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. | 


7 7 Ee ee 


red that he found him all naked to his fhirt,leane,yellow, 


almoft dead for hunger, and fighing for his Lady Dalei- 

nea: andalthough he had tolde him, how fhe commaun- 

ded himto repaire prefently to Tobeo , where fhe expe- 

&ed him: yet notwithRtanding he anfwered that he was 

determined neuer.to appeare before her beautie,vntill he 
had done feats that fhould make him worthy of her gra- 
tiousfauour, And then the Squire affirmed if that humor 
pafled on anyfurther, heeteared his Lord would be in 
danger neuer to become an Emperour as he was bound 
in honour,no nor a Cardinall , which was the leaf{t that 
could be expected of him, The Licenciat bid him be of 
good cheere,for they would bring him from thence whe- 
ther he would or nos and recounted to. Cardenio and 
Dorotea, what theyhad bethought for Don-Quixotes 
remedie, or at leaft forthe carrying of him home to-his 
houfe. Tothat Derotes an{wered, that fhe would coun- 
terfeit the difrefted: Ladie better then the Barber; and 
chiefly feeing fhee had apparrell wherewithall to ae ic 
moftnaturally. And therefore defired them to leaueto 
her charge chereprefenting of all that which fhould bee 
needfull for che atchicuing of their defigne ; for fhe had 
read many books of Knighthood, and knew well the ftile 

that di(treffed damzels vfed , when they requefted any 
fauour of Knights aduenturous. Andcthen neede weno- 


ba elfe,quoth- the Curate, but onely to put.our purpofe 


prefently in execution. For queftionleffe good fucceffe 
turnes on ‘our fide, fceing ithath fo ynexpectedly begun 
alreadie to open the gates of your remedy, and hath alfo 
facilitated for vs that whereof. we hadmoft necefsityin this 
exigent. Doroteatooke forthwith out of her pillowbeare 
a-whole gowne of very rich fluffe , anda fhort mantle.of 
another greene ftuffe , and acollar and: many other rich 
jewels out ofa boxe, wherewithall fhe adorned her felfe 
in atrice fo gorgeoufly, as thee feemed avery rich and 
voodly Ladie. Al which and much more fhe had brough: 


ere ia 


3093 


304. | 


ET SLD 


1 ceffe is come to finde him out, A happy fearcher , and a 


wrong by killing thar, O/ the mighty lubber of a Giant 


The delightfull Hiflorie ofthe Pant. 3s | 


with her as fhe faid from her houfe , to preuent what 
might happen,but never had any vie of them vatill then. 
Her grace,geflure and beautie liked them all extremely, 
and made them accouss Dons Fernando to be a man of lic. 
tle vnderflanding ,feeing he contemned fuch feature., But 
he which was mofft of all admired was Sancho Panca,be- 
caufe,as he thought(and it was fo indeed) that he had nor 
in all the dayes of his life before feene fo faire-a creature : 
and he requefted the Curate very ferioufly to tell him 
who that beautifull Ladie was ? and what fhe fought a- 
mong thofe through-fares ? This faire Lady friend San- 
cho,an{wered the Curate, is (as ifa man {aid nothing fhe 
is fo great)is heire apparent by direct line of the mighty 
Kingdome of (Micomisen , and comes in the fearch of 
your Lord, to demaund a boone of him,which is,that he 
will deftroy and vndoe a great wrong done ynto her by a 
wicked Giant ; and through the great fame which is 
fpread ower all Guinea of your Lords proweffe,this Prin- 


fortunate finding, quoth 5 exche,and chiefly if my Mafter 
be fo happie as to right that iniuric , and redreffe that 


whom you fay: yes,he will kill him, Iam very certaine, if 
he can once butt meete him, and if that he be not a {pirie; 
For my Mafter hath ne kinde of power ouer fpirits. But 
Luft reque(t onefayour ofyowamong others moft ear- 
‘nneftly good Mafter Licenciat, and tis, that to the end my 
Lord may not take an humour of becomming a Cardi- 
nall ( which is.the thing I feare moit in this world ) 
that you will giue him counfellto marry this Princefle 
prefently, and by thac meanes he fhallremaine incapable 
ot the dignitie ofa Cardinall,and will.come very eafily 
by his Empyre , and I to the end of my defires : for I 
haue thought well of the matter, and have found that ir 
is inno wifeexpedientthat my Lord fhould become a 
CardinalJ,for I ath wholy ynfit for any Ecclefiaftical] dig- 


Parr.4.:  wettie Knight Don-Quixote. - 205 


nitie, feeing ] am a married man , and therefore to trou ~ 
ble my felfe now. with fecking of difpenfations to iniey 
Church-livings,hauing as I haue both wife and children, 
were never to end:fo that all my good conffts in thac rhy 
| Lord domarry this Pr inceffe inflantly whofe name yct I 
know not, & therfore I haue not faid it. She is hight(quoth 
the Curate )che Prince fle Micomicona, for her Kingdome 
being called (Mscomsicon, it is euident fhe muft be ter- 
med fo. That is queftionleffe quoth Sancho , for Ihauc 
knowne many totake their denomination and furname 
fromthe place of their birth, calling themfelucs Peter of 
eA lc ala, Lobn of Vbeda, and Lames of Ualedolid: and 
perhaps in Gwinea princes and Quecnes vfethe fame 
cuftome,and call chemfclues by the names of their pro- 
winces. Sol thinke quoth the Curate, and as nate Pe 
yoursMafters marriage with her, J will labour therein as 
thuch as lies in my power. Wherewrthall Sancho remai- 
ned as well fatisfied ; as the Curate admired at his fmpli- 
citie, and to fee how fitmely hee bad fixed in his fantafie 
the very rauingsof his mafter;feeing he did beleeue with- | 
out doubt that his Lord fhould become an Emperouwr. } 
Dorotea im this fpace had gotten vpon the Curates Mule, 
and'the’ Barber had fomewhat better fitted the beard 
which he made of the Oxes tayle on his face, & did after | 
intreat Sancho to guide then to the place where Dor- 
Qsaixore was,and aduertifed him withall, that he fhould 
irpno wife take any notice of the Curate or Barber, or 
confeffe in any fort that he knew chem, for therein con- 
fifted all the meanes of bringing Don-Qwixete to the 
minde to become an Emperour. Yet Cardenio would } 
not goe with them, fearing left thereby Don- Quixote 
might call to minde their contention : and the Curate | 
thinking alfo that his prefence was nos expedient, remai- 
ned with him, letting the others goe before, and thefe |, 
followed a farec off faire arid foftly on foote,and erethey} . 
departed the Curateinftructed Doretea a new, what the 


x fi... an | 


The delightfhil Hiflovieofthe Pant. <E > 


fhould fay, who bid him to feare nothing, for fhewous 3 «3 | 
difcharge her part to his fatisfaction,and as bookes of ck 83— 
ualrie required and laid downe, 

T hey trauelled about three quarters of a leacue,2s the 
efpiedthe Knight, and at laf they diftowered him aho #® 25 
a number of intricate tocks,all apparelled but not armez <2 — 
and as foone as Derotea beheld him, the {trucke her p == ¥— 
fray, her well bearded Barber following lier: and as the <— yY 
approached Dew Qaixete, the Barber leaped liphe RY | 
down from his Mute, and ranne towards Derotestotas<— | 
her down betweenehis armes, who allighting went wa 
a very good grace towards Don- Qwixore,and kecled b> | 
tore him. And although hee (trived to make her ars £& 7 
yet thee remaining fill on het knees fpake to hin #** 
this manner : I will oot arife from:heice thrice valor 
-_rous and approued knighe, yritill your bountieandcous =_ = 
-tefie fhall granc ynto me one boone, which fhall nwa | 
redound ¥nto your honour and prize of your perfon, az 
to.the profit of che rho diftanfolace end wronged Dara 
fell thac.ché Sunte hath ewer feeac And if it be fo thar s Fs & 
valour. ‘of your iauiacible arnie be correfporiderit to ee & 
bruité of yout immmortailfame, you-are obligedto Seo 
cour this,comfortleffe weighe, chat comes ftortt larids 
remote, co.the found of: your famous. manic, fearchia® B= | 
youfbrto temedit her mifhaps.. 3.will not mnfwere yor O™ - 

a word faire Lady quoth Don- Quixate prorheare rior —t 
| your affsite, vntill you atife fromthe ground.: J wilbn <e— 
get yp from hentemy Lord quoth the affhéted Ladies» eae 
firft of yeur wonted bountie you doe not grantto my rE 
quell, Edo giweand grant it faid: Dow- Desaete fo thac awe 
be not a thing this may tuine to the dammage orhinc— 
rance of my king, my countrey, or of herthatheepesc ¥ > : 
| key of my heart aud liberty.Jc (hallnorturne tothe da 
mage or hinderance ef thofe you have fid, good Sir,x” _— 
plied che delorous Damfell ; and as fhe was faying ds aS od 
Sancho Pancarounded his Eord in the eare faying: pe 
ly to him,Sir you may very well grant the requcfi fhe so % — 


a 


Panr.4. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


keth,for it is a matter of nothing, it is onely to kill a mon- 
Atrous Giant, and fhe that demands it is the mighty Prin- 
cefle <Micomicona Queene of the great Kingdome 
of (Misomicon in Ethiopia. Lee her be what fhe will 
quoth Doxs- Quixote, for I will accomplifh what I am 
bound,and my cenfcience thal informe me comformable 
tothe Mate Ichaue profefled : and then turning to the 
Damfell he faid: Let your great beauty arife, for J grant 
to you any boone which you hall pleafe to aske of me. 
Why-thea quoth the Damfell chat which I demaund is, | 
that your magnanimous perfon come prefently away 
with mee, to the place where! fhall carry you, & do like- ; 
wife make meapromife, not to yndertake airy other ad- 
venture er demaund yntill you reaenge méevpon a tray- 
tour who hath againfi alt lawes both diuine, and humane 
vfurped mykingdome. J fay that F-grant-you all that: 
quoth Dox- Owixore, and therefore Ladie you may caf, 
away from this day forward all che'melavicholy that trou- : 
bles you, and labour that your languifhing and difmaied | 
hopes may recouer again new ftrength & courage, for by. 
the helpe of God,8 that of mine armeyou fhall fee your ; 
felfe fhortly reflored to yout kingdome , and enthroni- 
zed in the chayre of your ancient and great cftate, ‘in de- 
{pite and maugre the traytours that Fall dare anti 
it : and therefore Hands to the worke, for they fay, that 
danger alwaies followes delay. The diftrefled Damfell 
ftrmed with much ado to biffehis hand, but Don- Quix: te 
who was a moft accomplifhed Knight for -courtefie, 
would neuer condefcend therenvto , but making her a- 
rife,he imbraced her with great kindeneffe and ate 
and commaunded Sancho to faddle Rozinante,and helpe | 
him to arme himnfelfe. Seacho tooke downe the armes | 
forth with, which hung on atrec like, trophies,and fearch- (\ 
ing the guirts armed his ‘Lord in a moment , who feeing 
 himfelfe armed faid, let vs ia Gods name depast from {. 
hence to affift this great Lady. I he barber kneeled. all 


this 


308 


The delightful Hiftorie ofthe. Pang | 
this while,& could with awch adoe diflemble his laugh- 


ter or keepe on his beard that threatned fiill to fall off; 
with whofe fall perhaps they fheuld all haue remained 
without bringing their good purpofe to pafle:and feeing 
thatthe boone was’granted, and noted the diligence 
wherewithall Dow-Quixote made himfelfe readieto de- 
| part and accounplifh the fame: hee arofe and tooke his 
Ladie by the hand, and both of them together holpe her 
vpon her Mule: and prefently after Don- Quixote leaped 
on Roxinante, and the Barber got vp on his beaft, Sancho 
onely remayning a foote : where bee a frefli renued the 
memory. of the loffe of his gray Affe , with the want 
procured to him thereby. Bur all this he bore with very 
great patienge,,becaufe he fuppofed that his Lord was 
| now in the.way, and next degree to be ain Emperour: for 
} he made an infallible account that he would marry that 
} Princeffe, and at leaft be King of (Micomicen : but yet it 
gtieued him to. thinke how that Kingdome was jn the 
countrey of blacke Moores, and that therefore tht Na- 
tion which fhould be giuen to him for his yaffals fhould 
be allblacke:for which difficultic his imagination coyned 
prefently a good. remedie ; and he difcourfed with him- 
{elfein this manner.: Why fhould I care, though my fub- 
iets be all blacke Moores, isthere any moret@ be done, 
then co loade them in a fhip, & bring them into Spaine, 
where } may fell them, and receiue the price of them-in 
readie money? And, with that mancy may I buy fome 
title or Office, wherein 3 may after liue at mine eafe.all the 
daies of my life ? No/ but fleepe, and haueno wit, 
nor abilitie to difpofe of things, and to fell chirtie or ten 
thonfand vaffailes in the {pace of ane wauld fay, piue me 
} thofe frawes, Iwill difpatchthem all, they fhall flie che 
t little with the great, oras I can beft contrive the matter. : 
And be they euer fo blacke I will tranfforme them into 
} white or yellow onesscome neere and fee whether I'can- 
not fucke well my fingers ends : And thus he trauailed fo 
| ne follicitous 


P aRT.4. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


follicitous and glad,as he quite forgot his paine of trauai- 
ling afoote. Cardenio and the Curate ftood in the meane 
time beholding all that paffed from behinde fome bram- 
bles, where they lay lurking and were in doubt what 
meanes to vfe to iflue and ioyne in company with them. 
But the Curate who was an ingenious and prompt plot- 
ter deuifed inftantly what was to beedone, that they 
mig he attaine their defire, thus he tooke out of his cafe 
apayre of fheares , and cutoff (ardeniees beard there- 
withall in a trice, and then gave ynto him to wearea ri- 
diag Capouch which he himfelfe tad on, and a blacke 


| cloake ; and bimfelfe walked in a dublet andhofe. (ar. 


denio thus attired looked fo ynlike that he was before, as 
he would not haue knowne himfelfe ina looking vlaffe, 
This being finifhed,and the others gone on before whilft 
they difguifed themfclues, they fallied out with facilityto 
the high way before Dow. Quixote or his company, for 
the rocks and many other bad paffages did not permit 
thofe that were ahorfebacke to make fo {peedie an end 
of their iourney asthey: and when they had throughly 


paft che mountaine,they expected at the foot thereof for | 


the Knight and his companie: and when the Knight ap - 
peared, the Curate looked on him very earneftly for a 
preat {pace, with inkling that he beganneto knowhim, 
and after he had a good while beheld him, he ranne to- 
wards him with his arms {pread abroad faying.Ina good 
howre be it the mirrour of all knighthood found and my 
noble country man Don- Quixote of the Mancha, the 
flower and thecreame of gentilitie, the fhadow and re- 
medie of the afflicted & the Quintefence of knights errat: 
and faying thisheheld Dos-Quixote his left thigh em- 
Bad Who, admiring at that which he heard that man 
to fay and do, did alfo reuiew him with attention and fi- 
nally knew him,& all amazed to fee him,made much ado 
toalight, bat the Curate would not permit him: where- 


fore Don- Quixote {aid good Mafter Licenciat permit me 
XY 54 to 


309 


* A france beaft 
of Afiricke that 
trauels very 


fo fly 


“\ 


The delightfull Hifforieof the Part. 3p 


to alight, for it isin no fort decent that I be a horfe- 
backe, and fo reuerend a perfon as you goe on foote: 
I will never confent thereunto, quoth the Curate, your 


highnes muft needs flay on horfeback,feeing that theron | - 


you are accuflomed to atchiewe the greateft teats of Chi 

ualric and aduentures, which were ever feene in our age. 
Forit fhall fuffice me, who am an vnworthy Prief,to get 
vp behinde fome one of thefe other Gentkmen that ride 
in your company, if they will not take it in bad part,yea 


and I will make account that I ride on Pegafus, or the} 


* Zebra of the famous Moore (Muaxarague, who lies yet 
inchanted in the fleepe rocke of Culema neere vnto eA/- 
cala of Henares, Trucly didnot thinke ypon it good 
Mafter Licenciat,anfwered Don- Quixote , yet I prejume 
that my Ladythe Princeffe will be well appaide for my 
fake tocommaund her Squire to lend you the vie of his 
faddle,and to get vp himielfe on the Croper, if foitbe 
that the beaft will beare double. Yes thac it will,faid the 
Princeffe for ought ] know, and likewsfe Iam fure it will 
not be neceflary to commaund my Squireto alight, for 
he is ofhimfelte fo courtcousand courtly, as he willin 
no wife condcf{cend thatan Ecclefiafticall man fhould go 
a foote when he may helpchimto a horfe, That is moft 
certaine,quoth the Barber; and faying fo he alighted,and 
uytreated the Curate to take the faddle 10 which courte- 
fie he did eafily condefcend, But by euill fortune asthe 
Barber thought to leape vp behind him sche Mule which 
was in eftecta hired one ( & tha is fufficienc co fay it was 
vanappy )did lift a little her hinder quarters,and beflowed 


two or three flings onthe ayre,. which had they hit on |. 
Maticr Nicholas his breft or pate,he would haue bequea- |. 


thed the quett of Dom. Quixecevpon tie Diuill : bur not- 


-withftanding the Barber was fo affrighted, as he fellon 


the ground with fo little heed of his beard,as it fell quite 
oft,and lay {pread vpon the ground: and percciuing him- 


felfe without ithe hadno other fhift, but, to. cower his 


face | 
a a 


PART.3. wittie Knight DoneQuixote. 


face with both his handes, and complaine that all his 

cheeke teeth were ftrucken out. Don- Quixote beholding 
fuch a great fheafe of a beard falne-away, without jaw or 
bloud from the face, he faid,I vow this is one of the erca- 
tefl miracles chac euer I faw in my life; it hath taken and 
plucke away his beard, as {moothly as ifit were done of 
purpofe, The Curate beholding the danger whcrein their 
inuention was like to incurre if it were detected , went 
forthwith, and taking vp the beard came to Matter N1- 
sholas that lay ftilla playing,and with one pufh bringing 

his head towards his owne breft,he fet it on againe, mur- 
muring the while ouer hin certaine wordes, which he 
{aid were a certaine prayer, appropriated tothe fetting 

on of falne beardes,as they fhould foone perceiue : And 
fo hauing fet it on handfomly,the Squire remained as wel 
bearded and whole as ever hee was in his life : whereat 
Don- Quixote reed maruelloufly admired,and requefted 

the Curate to teach him that prayer when they were at 
leafure.For he fuppofed that the verture therof extended 
it {elfe farcher then to the faftning on of beardes ; fince it 
was manifeft that the place whence the beard was torne, 
mu(t haue remained without flefh, wounded & il-dight ; 
and feeing it cured all, itmuft of force ferue for more 
then the beard. Icistrue, replyed Mafter Curate; and 
then promifed to inftruc&t him withthe fecret, with the 
firft oportunity chat was prefented. 

Then they agreed that the Curate fhould ride firft on 
the Mule, and after him the other two,each one by turnes 
vntill they arriued tothe Inne, which was about fome 

; two leaguesthence. Three being thusmounted, to wit , 
Don- Quixote, the Princeffe and Curate, and the other 
three on foote, Cardenio the Barber,and Sancho Pancas. 
Don- Quixote faid tothe damzell,Madame,let me intreat 
your highneffe to leade me the way that moft pleafeth 
you. And before fhe could anfwere, the Licenciat faid, 

_| Towards what Kingdome would you trauell? Isit by 


Co ceca 


312 


.s 


The delightfull Hi florie of the =Part.g. 


fortune cowards that of CMicomsicon > I fuppofe it fhould 


be thicherwards,or elfe I know but little of Kingdomes. 
She who knew very well che Curates meaning, and was 
her felfe no babe, anfwered,faying 5 Yes Sir, my way lies 
towards that Kingdome, Ifit be fo, quoth the Curate , 
you muft paffe thorew the village where I dwell , & from 
thence direct your courfe towards Cartagena,where you 
may luckily embarke your fclues. And if you haue a 
profperous winde, and a quiet and calme Sea ,. you may 
come within the {pace of nine yeares to the fight of the 
lake CMeona,|I meane Meolidas, which Qands in this fide 
of your Highnefle Kingdome fome hundred dayes iour- 
ney ormore. Itake youto be deceiued geod Sir, quoth 
thee ; for it is not yet fully two yeares fince I depar- 
ted from thence; and truely I neucr almoft had any 
faire weather, and yet notwith{tanding T haue arriued, 
and coine to fee that which I fo much longed for , to wit, 
the prefence of the worthy Don-G@uixore of the (Man. 
cha, whofe renowne came to my notice as foone as I. 
touched the earth of Spaine with my foote , and moued 
me to,fearch for him, to commend my felfe to his courte- 
fic ,and commit the iuflice of my caufe to the valour of 


his innincible arme. No more,quoth Dan-Quixere,I can. |, 
not abide to.heare my felte prayfed. ForI ama {worne 


cne my of all adulation. And although this be got fuch, 
yetnoewithilanding the L&gtdilcourles doe off:nd my 
chafte eares, What I can-fay to you faire Princeffe is that 
whether Lhauc valour or not; chat which I haue or haue 


not, fhaibe impioied in your feruice,euen to the veryloffe | 


of ny life-And fo omitting that cihis time, let me intreat 
good Mafter Licenciate, tocell me-the occafion which 
hath brought him heere to thefe quarters fo alone, with- 
oucactendants , and fo fightly attired , asit Qrikes me in: 
no little admiration ¢To this I will anfwere with breuicy, 


quoth the Curate: You fhall vaderftand that Mafter Wi- 


cholas the Barber,our very good friendjand my {elf;cra- : 


uclled 


an amne tnnenall 
AN ELE LL OL 


me 


y! 


PART. 4. ' wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


ney, whicha kinfeman of mise, who dwels this many 
yeares in the /mdias hath ent vnto me.The fuminc is not 
alitele one,for it furmounted feuenty thoufand Ria!s ot 
cieht, allof good waight : fee if it was net a rich gitt. 
And paffing yelterday through this way we were fet yp- 
pon by foure robbers, which difpoyled vs of all , euen to 
our very beardcs,and that in {uch fore, asthe Barber was 
forced to fet on a counterfeit one: and this young man 


that gocth here with vs (meaning Cardento ) was tranf{- | 


tormed bythemanew. And the befl of it js,that itis pub- 
likely brutited aboot all this Commarke,that thofe which 
furprifed vs were Galley-flaucs,who were fet at hberty, 
as itis reported,much about this fame place’, by fo vali- 
anta Knight, as indefpite ofthe Commiflarie and the 


guard he freed them all, And queftionlc fle hee cither f 
was wood, or elfe as great a knaue as them/{clues,or fome | 
one that wanted both foule and confcience, feeing he let _ 


lip the Wolues amidft the Sheepe , the Foxe among the 


| Elennes,and Flies hard: by Honie ; and did fruftrate iu- 


(tice,rebell again(t bis nacurall Lord and King, for he did 
{o by oppugning his iuft commaundements, and hath de- 
priued the Gallies oftheir feete , and ferallthe Holy bro. 
therbeodinanvprore, which hath repofed thefe many 
yeares paft. And finally, would doe an acte, by which he 
thould leofe his foule,and-yet not paine hisbodie. Saz- 
cho had rehearfed to the Curate & Barber the aduenture 


of the flaues, which his Lord had aceomplifhed with fuch 


eloric,and therefore the Curate did vfe this vehemencie 
as he repeated it,to fee what Dow-uirote would fay or 
doe whofe colour changed at every word., and durft not 
confefle that he washimfelfe, and the deliugrer of chat 
good people : and thefe,quoth the Curate,were they that 
haue robbedvs, and God of his infinite mercy pardon 
hin who hindered their going tareceiue the punifhment 
they had fo well deferued. | | 


uclled towards Siazil, torecouer certaine fumes of mo- 


Cuap.t. 


214. 


e 


The delightfull Hiflorie of the Pant.4. 


C wap. ITI. 


Of many pleafant adifccarfes paffed LetweencDon- 
Quixote, ad thofe of his companie, after he had a- 


bandoncd the rigorous place of his penance. 


gp Carce had the Curate finifhed his fpeech 
| Bh throughly,when Sancho faid:By my faith 
> 4\ “Mn Mafler Licemciate, he that did that feate 
”4 >, was my Lord, and chat not for want of 
gw Ze warning,for I told him before hand, and 
~~" aduifed him,that he fhould fee well what 

he did,and thacit wasa finne to deliuer them, becaufe 
they were all fent to the Gallies for very great villanies 
they had played. You bottlehead,replyed Don-Daixote, 
hearing him {peake , it concerneth not Knights errant to 
cxamine whether the afflicted , inchained , and oppreffed 
which they encounter by the way, becarried in thacfa- 


fhion,or are plunged in that diftreffe, through their owne 
| defaule or difgrace; but onely are obliged to affilt them 


as needie and oppreffed, fetting their eyes vpon their 

aines and noton their crimes, ] met with a Rofarie or 
beades of inferted people, forrowful and vnfortunate,and 
I did for them that which my religion exacts, as for the 
reft,lec them verifie it elfewhkere: and to whofoewerclfe 
the holy dignity and honourable perfon of Mafter Licen- 
ciat excepted,it fhall feeme euilt: I fay hee knowes bur 
flightly what belongs to Chiualrie ; and hee lies likea 
whorefon and a villaine borne: and this will I make him 
know with the broade fide of my {word. Thefe wordes 
he faid, fetling himfelfe in his firrups , and addreffing his 
Morion for the Barbers bafon, which he accounted to be 
(Mambrinohis helmet,he carried hanging at the pomell 
cfhisfaddle, vntill he might haue it repaired of che cra- 
fings the Galley flaue had wrought in it. ‘Dorotea who 


PART.4. wsttre Knight Don-Quixete, 


was very difcecete and pleafane, and chat was by this well 


acquainted with Dos. Onixotes faultie humour, and faw 
all the reft make a ieft of him, Sanche Panca excepted, 
would a!fo fhew her conceit to bee as good as fome o- 
thers, and therefore {aid voto him, Sir knight remember 
your felfe of the boone you haue promifed vnto mee, 
wherunto oe your felfe you cannot intermedd¢le 
in any other aduefiture, be it ever fo vrgent. Therfore af- 
fwage your ftomacke,for t Mafter Liccimiat had known 
chat che galliflaues were delivered by your inuincible arme 
he would rather haue giuen vnto himfelfe three blowes 
on the mouth, and alfo bit his tongue thrice then haue 


f{poken any word whence might refult your indignation, | 


That I dare fweare quoth the Curate, yea and befides 
torne away one of my Muflachioes. Madame laid Don- 
Quixote, I willhoid my peace,and fuppreffe the iuft ché- 


ler already inkindled in my bréafl, and will ride quietly | 


and peaccably,vntil I haue accompli fhed the thing | haue 
promifed: and I requefl you m recompence of this my 
vood defire, if it be noe difpleafing to you, to tel{mee 
your grieuace,and how many, which, & what the perfons 
be, of whom I mufttake, due, fufficient, and entyre re- 
uenge? I willpromptly performe your will herein an- 
fwercd Dorotea , if it will not bee irkefome to you 
co liften to difaiters, in no fort good Madame {aid Don-' 
Ou:xoteto which Dorotea anfwered thus, be then atten- 
| tue tomy relation. Scarce had fhe faid fo when Carde- 
demo and the Barber came by her fide, defirous to heare 


how the difcreete Doretea would faine her tale: andthe | ~ 


fame did Sancho, which was as much deceiued in her 


perfon as his Lord Dow-Quitote and fhe after dreffing her | 


felfe well in the faddle, bethought and prouided her felfe 

| whilft fhe coughed and vfed other géftures, and then be- 
gan to {peake in this manner, 

Firft of all good Sirs I would haue you note that Jam 


called, and heere fhe ftood fufpendcd awhile by reafon |. 


fhe 


The delightful Hiflorie of the P ante4. | 


fhe had forgotten the name that the Curate had given 
vaco her; but he prefently occurd to her fuccour vnder- 
(landing the caufe and faid, It isno wonder great Ladie, 
that you be troubled and ftagger whileft you recount 
your misfortunes, feeing it is their ordinary cultome of 
difafters to depriue thofe whom they torment and diftract 
their memory in fuch fort, as they cannot remember 
themfelues, euen of theirowne very names; as now it 
proues done in your highneffe which forgets it felfe, that 
you are called the Princes A4icomsicona lawfull inheritrix 
of the great et ae of Micomicen : and with this 
note you may eafily reduce into your dolefull memorie, 
all chat which you fhall pleafe to rehearfe. It is very 
true(quoth the Damfell) and from henceforth I thinke it 
will not be needfull fo prompt me any more, for I will 
arriue into a fafeport, with the narration of my authen- 
ticke Hifloric: which is, that my father who was called 
the wife Jmacrio, was very expert in that which is called 
Art Magick, and he knew by his fcienee that my mother, 
who was called Queene Xaramilla fhould die before he 
deceafed,& that he fhould alfo paffe from this life within 
awhile after, & leaue me an Orphane,but he was woont 
to fay how that did not afflict his mind fo much, as that he 
was very certaine that a huge Giant, Lord of a great I- 
land neere vnto my Kingdome called Pandafilando,of the 
dufkie fight: becaufe although his eyes Rand in their right 
places, yet doe they ftill looke a {quiut, which he doth to | 
terrifie the beholders. I fay that my father knew that this 
Giant when he fhould heare of his death , would paffe 
with a maine power into my land, and depriue me ther- 
of, not leauing me the left village , wherein might hide 
my head. Yet might all this be excufed, if 1 would mar- 
ry with him, but as he found out by his {cience, he knew 
I would neuer condifcend thereunto, or incline mine af- 
fection to fo vnequall a marriage: and herein he {aid no- 
thing buctruth, for it neuer paft once my thought to, ef 
eae fpoufe 


TT TOE OT EAT PR RT ER I LTA EIT ERE TT IR a 5 NET ER tC IID TOPSITE ae ESL 


PART. 4e wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


fpoufe that Giant,nor with any other , were he cuer fo 
vnreafonable, great and mightie: my father likewife ad- 
ded then chat after hisdeath, and thae I fhould {ce 
Landafilawdov{urpe my kingdome, I fhould in no wife 
fland to my defence, for that would proue my deftru- 
Gion ; but leaving to him the dinpdenie freely with- 
out troubles,if I meant to excufe mine owne death, and 
the tetall ruine of. my good and loyall fubicéts , for it 
would be impoffible to defend my felfe from the diuellifh 
force of the giant] fhould prefently dire& my courfe to- 
| ward Spayne,wherc I fhould finda redreffe of my harins, 
by incountring with a knight errant, whofe fame fhoald 
‘[-extend it felfemueh abour thac time throughout that 
kingdonte, and his name fhould be i€ } forget not my 
felfe,: Dos eAcote or Don H igete, Ladie, you would fay 
Don- Quixote quoth Sancho “Panca, or as he is called by 
another name, the Kasght of the iifanored face, you haue 
reafon replied Dorotea : he {aid moreouer,that he fhould 
be high of ftature, have a withered face, and that on the 
right fide a little vnder the left fhoulder, or thereabouts 
he fhould haue a tawny {pot with certaine haires like to 
briftles. Don- Quixote hearing this {aid to his Squire,hold 
my horfe heere fanne Saehos and helpe me to take off 
mine apparrell, for I will fee whether I be the ave of 
whomn the wife king hath prophefied:: Why would you 
now put offyeur cloathes quoth Deretes ? to fee whe- 
ther F haue that {pot which your father mentioned, an- 
{wered pot a Sal for vndoe your apparrell 


for that purpofe {aid Sasfi,for I know alreadie that you 
haue.a fpot with che toligfis fhe namedon the very rid- 


man: that is fufficient quoth Dorotes, for wee muft not 
looke too neere,or be ouer curious in our friends-affaires, 
and-whetherit be on the fhoulder, orridge of the backe 
it imports but little, for the fubftance confifts onely in ha- 


uing fuch a marke, and thar wherefoeuer it” fhall be; 
efeing 


| 


ges of your backe,and argues you tobee a very ftrong |- 


aol ies 


218 


Ti he deli ghtfull Hiflorie of the Pant.4. 


EE 
(eeing all is one,and che felfe fame flefh:and doutlefly my 
so father did ayme well at all, and I likewife in com- 
mending my {elfeto Den-Quixete, for furcly he is the 
man ef wham my-father fpoke, feeing the fignes of his 
face agree with thofe ef the great renowne that is {pread 
abrode of this knight, not.onely in Spagne , but-alfo in 
Erhipia: for 1 had ne fooner landed io Ofawa, when I 
heardfo many of his prowefles recounted, as my minde 
gaue me prefently chat he was the man in whofe fearch | 
travailed, But how did you land in Ofane good Madam 
uoth Den- Duixote, {ecing it is no Sea-towne? Marrie 
te quoth the Curate anticipating Dersteas an{were, the 
| Princeffe would fay thac after fhe had landed in CAfe- 
| Lega, the firft place wherein fhe heard tidings ef you was 
| at Ofana. So I would haue (aid. quoth Derotes, and it: 
may be very wel quothshe Curate,and I defire your Ma- 
ieftie to continue your difeourfe ; ehere needs no farther 
| continuation quoth Deratea, but ehat finally my fortune 
hath beerie fo fayourable in fiading of Das- Quixote, as | 
doe alreadie hold and account my felfefor Queene and; 
Ladie of all mine oftate, fecing that heeof his wonted 
| bountie and magnificence hath promifed mee theboone | 
to accompany me wherefoeuer J hall guide him, which 
{hall be t6 none other place then ta fet him before Pas- 
dafilande of the duskie fight,to the end you may {icy him, | 
end reftare me to.that which he hath fo wrongfully vfor- 
ped ; fox all will fueceede.inthe ewinkling of aneye, as 
the wile Tavacris my good father hath alreadie foretold: 
who fait moreauer, 20d alfo left ic. written in Chaldai- 
call or Greeke characters, for I cannot readthem, that. 
| if the koighe ofthe Praphecie, after hauing bcheaded the 
Giant, wouldtake me.to wife,that I fhould in no fost re-. 
| fufe him, but inflantly admitting him for ry fpoufe, 
. daa et ance poficflor of my felfe and my King- | 
é / 


VVhat:thinkelt, thou of this friend Sascho quoth : 
; Thane: 


PART.A  wittie Knight Don- Quixote, 


Don- Quixote then, when he heard her fay fo? how likef 
this point? did not I tel chee thas much before ? fee now [ 
whether we haue not a kingdome to commaund , and a [ 
Queene whom we may marcy ?T {weare as much ee 
Sancho,apoxe an the knaue thar will not marry as feone 
as Mafler Pandabilado his windepipes are cut. Mount 
then and fee whecher the Queene be iJ or no, L would re 
God all the fleas of my bed turned to be fuch.*And faying 
‘fohe gaue two ov three friskles in rhe ayre, with very | 
“greatfignes of contentment, and prefently went to Do- 
‘rotea, and taking hee Mule by the bridle he withheld ir, 
and Jaying himfelfe downe on his knees before hee 
 tequefted her very fubrnifiimely to give him her hands to 
kiffe them , in figne that: hee receiued her for his 
Queene and Ladie. Which of the beholders could 
‘abflsine from kaughtcr., perteiaing the mafters mad- 
neffe,and the feruants fimplicity? Tobe briefe, Dorotes 
muft haue giuen them voto him, and promifed to make 
‘hima great Lord in. her kingdome,when heaven became 
fa@proprious to her, ascolecher once recover and pof- 
fc fle k peaccablic, And Sesvho returned her thanks with 
fuch words as made them all laugh a new. This is my Hi- | 
ftorie noble Sirs quoth Daretee, whereof onely reftes vn- 
told, chat none of ail the traine which I brought out of 
my Kingdome to arrend on mee is now extant, but this | 
well bearded Squire; for all of them were crowned in a | 
great ftorme that ouercooke vs in the very fight of che 
harborough,whence he and I efcaped,and came to land 
‘by the helpe ofwo plankes, on which we laidhold, al- 
moft by. miracle; as.alfo the whole difcourfe and myfterie 
of my like feemes none ether then a miracle, as you 
mighc haue noted : And if in any part of the relation I 
haue exceeded, or not obferued a due decerams, yon muft | 
-impute it to that which Mafter Licentiat {aid to the firft 
‘of my Hiftory, shat continuall paines and affiGtions of 
‘mind depriues ther chat fuffer the like of theirmemory. 


a a 
ZUsaie a: 


-_ eee oS 


320 


iS 


The delightfull Hiflorte of the  Panr.4. | 


That fhall not hinder mee (O high and valorous Ladie) 
quoth Don- Quixete,from enduring as many as I fhall fuf- 
ter in your feruice be they ever fo great or difficult, And 
therforeldoe anew ratife & confirme the promife I haue 
made, and doe {weare to goe with you to the end of the 
world yntill I finde ont your fierce enemy,whofe proud 
head I meane to ‘ye off by the helpe of God, and my va- 
lorous arme, witfthe edge of this (I will net fay a good) 
{word : thanks beto Giwes of Paffaneonte , which tooke 
away mine owne:this he faid murmuring to himfelfe,and 
thenprofecuted faying:and after I haue cut it off,and left 
you peaccably in the pofleflion of your ftate, it thal reftin 
your owne will to difpofe of your perfon as you like bef. 
For as long as I fhall haue my memory poffeffed, and my 
will captised, and my ynderftanding ycelded toher, I 
will fay no more, it isnot poffible that ever I may induce 
my felfe to marry any other, although fhee were a 
Phenix. | 
_ That which Don- Qasxete had faid lafi of all, of not 
marrying, difliked Sancho fo much as lifting his voyce. 
with great anger he fatd, I vow and f{weare by my felfe 
that you are not in your right wits, Sir Dow- Quixote :for 
how is it poffible that you can call the matter of contra- 
ing fo high a Princeffe as this is in doubt?do you think 
that fortune will offer you at euery corners end the like 
happe of this which is now proffered? Is my Ladie Dal- 
cinea perhaps more beautifull, no certainly, nor halte, 
fo faire, nay I am rather about to fay,that fhe comes not 
to her fhoo that is heere prefent.In an ill howre fhalI ar- 
| tiue to poffeffe that ynforcanate Earldome which] expect 
if you go thus feeking for Mufhrubs in the bottome of 
the Sea: Marry, marry your fclfe prefently; the diuell 
take you for me, and take that kingdome comes into 
your hands, andbeing a King make me prefently a Mat- 
queffe, or Admirall, and inflantly after let che diuell take 
all if he pleafeth. Don- Quixote, who heard fuch blafphe- 


mies 


PART4. wittie Knight Don-Quixote, 


mies fpoken againft his I. adie Da/cinea, could not beare 


| themany longer, and therefore lifting vp his Iaueline 


without {peaking any word to Sawcho, gaue him there- 
withall too fuch blowes as hee overthrew him to the 
earth: and had not Doerorea cried to him,to hold his hand 
he had doubtlefly flaine him in the place. Thinkeft thou 
(quoth he after a while) bafe peafant,that I thall haue al- 
waies leafure and dxpofition to thruft my hand into my 
pouch, and that there be nothing elfe bur thou flill erring 


_|-andI pardoning; and dof nat thou think of it(excommu- | 


nicated rafcall ) for certainly chou art excommunicated, 
feeing thou ha(t talked fo broadly of the pecrelefle Dal- 
cinea,and doeft not thou know bafe flaue,vagabond, that 
if ic were not for the valour fhee infufcth into mine 
arme, that I fhould not haue fufficientforces to kill a flea, 
fay {coffer with the vipers tongue, who doft thou thinke | 
hath pained this kingdome, and cut the head of thisG1- 
ant; and made thee a Marqueffe. (For I giue all this for 
done alreadie,and for a matter ended and iudgcd)but the 


| worthes and valour of Dalemee : ving mine arme as the 


inftrument of her act. She fights vnder my perfon, and 
ouercomes iti mee : And I liue and breath in her, and 
trom her I holde my life and being. O whorefon villaine, 
how vngratefull are thou, that feeft thy felfe exalted out 
from the duft of the earth to be 1 Nobleman,and yet dof 


‘| repay fo oe a benefit, with detracting the perfon that 


beftowed it on thee, 7 ae 

Sancho was notfo fore hurt, but that he could heare 
all his Mafters reafons very well: wherefore arifing fom- 
what haftily, heran behinde Dorotea her Palftay ,and 
from thence faid to his Lord : Tell me Sir if you be not 
determined to marry with this Princeffe,, ivis mof cleere 


that the Kingdome fhall not be yours: and if 1c benor, } 


what fauourscan you be able to doe to me? Itis of this 
that I complaine me,marrie your felfe one for one with 


this Princeffe,aow that we haue her here , as it were ia 
wy nec 


EE III a OE I IAT EP TOI OIC VE LE LD LRP ERIE TIO SE LE ETE LIL LTT EI TET SD es : : | : 
322 The delightfull Hiftorie of the Pant.4s 


ned to vs downe frons heauen,and you may after turne to | 
my Ladie Dwlcinea , for I thinke there bee Kings in the) 
world,that keepe Lemmons. Asfor beauty, I will noe 
intermeddlé, for if I muft {ay the truth,each of both is ve- 
ry faire,although I haue neuer feene the Ladie Dalcinea. 
How, haft not thou feene her blafphemous traytor?quoth 
Don-Quixete , ifthoudidft but euen now bring meea 
meflage from her ? 1 fay,quoth Sancko , 1 haue not feene 
her fo lei{urely,as I might particularly note her beautie 
and good partes one by one, but yet ina clapas J faw 
them, they liked me very well. I doe excufe thee now, 
{aid Dos- Quixote,and pardon me the difpleafure which I 
haue given ynto thee,for the firft motions are not in our | 
handes. Ifee that well,quoth Sancho,and that is the rea- 
fon why talke is in me of one of thofe fir! motions, And 
I cannot omit to fpeake once at leaft , that which comes 
to my ay For all that Sexshe,replied Dow- Quixote, 
fee well what thqu fpeakeft , for the earthen pitcher poes 

fo oft to the water, I will fay no more, | 
Well then anfwered Sauebe ,God is in heauen , who 
{eeth all thefe guiles, and fhall be one day iudge of him. 
that finnes moft, of me in not {peaking well, or of you by | 
not doing well. Let there beno more , quath Derotea; 
but run Sanehe and kiffe your Lords hand , and aske him 
forgiuenefle,and from henceforth take more heede how | 
you praife or difpraife any body, and fpeake no ill of that | 
Ladie Tobof6 , whom] doe not know atherwife then to 
| doeher feruice: and haue confidence in God, for thou 
{halt not want a Lordfhip whereinthow mayeft liue like 
a King. Saxcbe went with his head hanging downward, 
and demaunded his Lords hand, which he gaue vnto him | 
with a praue countenance, &after hehad kifled ir,he paue | 
him his bliffing, and faid to him, that he had fomewhat 
to fay vnto him,and therefore bade him to come fome- 
what forwardthat he might fpeake vntehim. Saxcho o- 
beyed,and both of them going 2 litle afide Dow: Quixote 
; {aid 


; ae 


PaRr.q. withe Knight Don-Quixote. 


faid voto him, I haue not had leifure after thy comming | 


83 


co demaund of thee in particular concerning the Emba{- | 


{ave that thou carried{t , and the anfwere that thou 
broughteftbacke; and therefore fortune lends vs now 
fome oportunitie and leifure, doe not denic me che hap- 
pineffe which thou mayeft giue me by thy good newes, 
Demaund what you pleafe,quoth Sascho, and I will an- 
{were you, and I requeft you geod my Lord, that you bee 
not from henceforth fo vengatiue. Why doeft thou fay fo 


caufe that thefe blowes which you betewed now, were 
rather given in reuenge of the diffention which the Di- 
well flirred betweene vs two the other night,then for any 
thing I {aid againft my Lady Da/cinea, whom I do honor 
and reverence asa relike, although the be none,onely be- 
caufe fheis yours. I pray thee good Sanche , {aid Don- 
Quixote fal not again into thofe difcourfes,for they offend 
me. Idid pardon thee then,and thou knoweft that anew 
offence mult haue a new penance. - 

As theytalked thus, they efpied a pallane comming te- 
wards them, riding on an Affe, and when he drewe neere 
he feemed to be an eZ gyptian : but Sache Panca, who 


whenfocuer he met any Affes, followed them with his | 


eyes anid his heart, as one that thought fill on his owne, 
had fearce eyed him when he knew that it was Giwes of 


Paffamente,and by che looke of the egyptian , found | 


out the fleece of his Affe , as in truth it was for Gses 
came riding on his gray Affe; who to the end that hee 
mightnotbe knowne , and alfohaue commodity to fell 
his beaft; attired himfelfe like an Egyptian, whofe lan- 
guage. and many others he could {peake as well as if they 
were his mother tongue. Sanche faw him and knew 


| him, and {carce had he feene and taken notice of him, 


when he cryed out aloude, Ah thiefe,G mefillo, leauc my 
goods behinde thee , fee my life loofe, and doe not intcr- 
medle with my eafe, Leante mine Affe, leaue my comfort ; 


Osa 


-| Sancho? quoth Don- Quixote. lay it,ceplied Sasche,be- | 


324. 


EEE 
flievillaine , abfent chy felfe thi¢fe, and abandon that 


The delight full Hiflorie of the Pa rt.4. 


which is none of thine. Heneeded not to haue vied fo 
many words and frumps , for Gines leaped downe at the 
very firft, and beginning a trot that feemed rather to bea 
gallop , he abfented himfelfe and fled farre enough from 
them ina moment. Sancho went then to his Affe , arid 
imbracing him , faid , How hatt thou done hitherto my 
darling and treafure,gray Affe of mine eyes, and my dee- 
reft companion : and with that ftroked and kiffed himas 
ifit were a reafonable creature. The Affe held his peace, 
and permitted Sancho to kiffe and chetifhhim , without 


- anf{wering a word. Allthereftarriued, and congratula- 


ted with Sancho for-the finding of his Affe, but chiefly 
Don- 9uixote , who faid vnto him that notwith{tanding 
that he found his Affe,yet would not he therefore annul! 
his warrant for the three Colts; for which Saseboretur- 
ned him very great thankes,. 

Whileft they two saaree ia difcourfing thus, 
the Curate faid to Dorotea, that fhe had very difcreetely 
difcharged her felfe,as wellia the Hiftorie , as in her bre- 
uitie and imitation thereof, to the phrafe and conceits of 
books ef knighthood :fhe anfwered that the did ofttimes 
read bookes of that fubiedt, but chat fhe knew not where 
the Prouinces lay,nor Sea ports; and therefore did onely 


‘fay at randome,that fhe had landedin Ofaaa. I- knew it 


was fo,quoth the Curate , and therefore ! faid what you 
heard, wherewithall the matter was fouldered, But is it 


nota maruellous thing to fee with what facility the vn- | 


fortunate Gentleman belecues all thefe inuentions and 
lies,onely becaufe they beare the (tile and manner of the 
folties laid downe in his bookes. ? It is quoth Cardenio, 
and that fo rare and beyond all conceit,asI beleeuc if the 


like were to be inuented , {carce could. the fharpeft wits 


deuife fuch-another. There is yet, quoth the Curate, as 
maruelious a matter as that: for leauing apart the fimpli- 
cities which this good Gentleman {peakes conceraing 

ae | ; L:. 


| 


ta Tiel - “SEs 


PART.4. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


his frenfie ,if you willcommune with him of any other 
(ubieét whatfoeuer he will difcourfe on it.with an excel- 
lentmethede , and fhew himfelfe to haue a cleere and 
pleafing vnderflanding. So that, if he be not couched by 
matters of Chiualry,there is no man bur will deeme him 
to be of a found and excellent iudgement. 

Don- Quixote on the other fide profecuted his con- 
uerfing with his Squire , whileft the others talked toge- 
ther sand faid to Sancho : Let vstwo friend Panca for- 
pet olde iniuries, and fay vnto me now without any ran- 
cour or anger, where, how, and when didft thou finde m 
Ladie Dulcinea ? What did fhe when thou camefl?What 
faidf thou to her? What an{wered fhee ? What counte- 
nance fhewed fhe as fhe read my Letter ? And who writ 
it our fairely for thce ?. And every other thing that thou 
| thale thinke worthy of notice in this affaire,to be deman- 
ded or an{wered, without either addition or lying,or foo- 
thing adulation: and on the other fide do not abbreuiate 
it, leftchou fhouldeftdefraude me thereby of expected 
delight.Sir,anfwered Sancho, if I muft fay the truth,none 
copied out the Letter for me,for I caried no Letter at all. 
Thou fayefttruc,quoth Don- Quixote, for I found the 
Tablets wherein it was written with my felfe , two dayes 
after thy departure,which did grieue me exceedingly,be- 
caufe I knew not what thou wouldeft do,when thoudidft 
perceiue the want of the Letter , and I alwaics made full 
accour.tthat thou wouldeft returne againe from the place 
‘| where thou fhouldeft firft miffe it, Thad done fo , quoth 

Sancho,if 1 had not borne it away in memory , when you 
read it to me,in {uch fort, as] faidittoa Clerke of a Ve- 
(trie , who did copie it out of my vnderflandiny fo point 
by point, ashee faid that hee neuer in all the dayes of 
his life,although he had read many a Letter of excommu- 
nication,read or feene fo fine a Letter as it was. And doft 
thou holde it yet in memory Sancho quoth Don- Qui- 


xate? No Sir,faid Sancho, for after gaacic, feeing itier- 
. Y 2 » ued 


a A a a a 4 Se bee fay SE eo 


| 326 | 


The delightfull Hiflorie ofthe Part.4: 


ued for none other purpofe,] did willingly forget it. And 


if I remember any thing it is that of the msonldy , | would 
fay Soneraigne Ladie,and the end, Yours untill death, The 
Knight of the ill fanonred face , aud] put betweene thefe 
two things in the Letter three hundred foxles ,and dines , 
and fweet eyes. 


C wap. IITI. 


Of the pleafant difcourfes continued betweene Don- 
- Quixote,and his Squire Sancho Panca, with o- 
ther aducktures. | 


9 Lithis likech me well,faifDon- Onixote, 
& a therefore fay on,thou arriuedtt,and what 
WG 4 was that Queene of beauty doing then? 
rE ‘SA\O~ I dare fay that thou foundeft her three- 
error ding of Pearls,or imbroidering fome cu- 
me rious deulice, with Venice golde for me 
ber.captiue Knight ? No that Idid not,quoth Sancho, but 
winiowing two bufhcls of Wheate in the yard of her 
houfe, Why then faid Don- Quixote thou mayeft make 
account that each corne of that Wheate was a graine of 
Pearle,feeing they were touched by her delicate hand, 
And friend didff thou note well what the Wheate was, 
whcther of the beft or ordinarie? It was not but redde, 
faid Sancho, Wellthen Jaffure thee,an{wered Don- aus. 
xote that being fitted by her hands, it muftneedes make 
very faire bread and white. But pafle forward, when thou 
did(i deliuer my Letter,did the kiffe it ? Did the feriton 
her head? Did the vfc any ceremony worthy of fuch a 
Letter ?Or what did the? When I went to giue it vnto 
her, faid Sancho, fhe was holding vp of her armes with a 
good quantity of Wheate that fhe had in her Sine, and 
therfore faid ynto me, friend, lay downe thar Leétrer there 


fra 


PART.4. wettie Knight Don-Quixote. 


on the facke,for I cannotreade it yntill I haue winnowed 
alltchatishere. O difcreete Ladie, quoth Don- Ovixote, 
flie furely did that becaufe fhe might reade it at leature, 
and recreate her felfe therewithall, Forward Sancho,and 
as long as fhe was thus bufied, what difcourfes pafled fhe 
withthee? What did fhe demaund of thce concerning 
me? Andthou, what didft thou anfwere ? Say all good 
Sancho,fay all,recount to me every particularity, and let 
notthe leaft immunity remaine in the Inke-horne, She 
demaunded nothing of me,quoth Sancho , but I recoun- 
ted vnto her the flate I had left you in for her fake, doing 
of penance, all naked from the gyrdle vpward among 
thefe rockes like a bruit beaft; fleeping on the ground, 
and eating your bread without Table-clothes, and that 
youncuer coinbed your beard, but was weeping and cur- 
fing your fortune. There thou faidft ill (quoth Don- Oni- 
xote for doe notcurfe my fortune, but rather blifle ic, 
and will bliffe it as long as I fhall live, feeing it hath made 
me worthy to merite the Joue of fo high a Lady as Dudes. 
nea of Tobofo : She is in good faith fo high,an{wered San- 
cho,as fhe {urpaffeth me almofi by a whole cubite. Why 
how now Sancho,faid the Knight,haft thou meafured thy 
felfe with her ?1 did meafure my felfe with her in this 
manner,replyed Sancho, that comming ouer to helpe her 
to lift vp a fack of Wheat on an Affe, we ioyned fo neere, 
as I well perceiued that fhe was morethen a great {pan 
hicher then my felfe, Thatis true, quoth Dow- Qnixore, 
but thinkeft chou not that the talnefle of her extended 
Mature ts adorned with a thoufand millions of graces and 
indowments of the foule ? But Sancho,thou canft not de- 
nie me one thing,when thou didft thus approch her, didft 
thou notfeelea moft odoriferous fmell, an aromaticall 
flagrancie,an,1 cannot tell what, fo pleafing , as I know 
not how to terme it? I fay fuchafent , as if thou werll 
in fome curious perfumers fhop ? That which. I.know; 
quoth Sasche is.that 1 felealictle yn{fauorie fent , fome- 


i Si... 


a 


_j a7 


cena = 


itis ce Sia ee a eee eS Sa 
22 The dclightfullHifforie ofthe Parra. | 


what ramifh and manlike, and I thinke the reafon was, | 
becaufe fhe had {weat a litle doing of that exercife.]e was | 
not fo(quoth Den. Quixote) but cyther thou hadfithe | 
murre,or elle did{t {inell thy felfe; for I know very well 
how that Rofe among thornes doth fent, that Lillie of 
the field, and that ehofen Amber, It may well be faid 
Sancho as you haue faid; for Ihaue had many times fuch 
a {mell,asme thought the Ladiec Dalcinea had then :and 
though the (meld to it were no maruell : for one Diuell is 
hke another, And well(quoth Don- Quixote ) fee heere, 
fhe hath fifted her corne,and fent it tothe Mill.What did 
fle after fhe had read the Letter2The Letter faid Sancho, 
the read it not, for fhe faid fhe could neither reade nor 
write,and therefore fhee tore it into f{aaall pieces , and 
would haue no man to reade it, left thofe of the village 
fhould know her fecrets, and fay that what I had tolde 
her by word of mouth of your oue and extraordinarie 
penance, which yeu remayned doing for her fake was 
fufficient. And finally fhe concluded , commaunding me 
to fy vnto you, that fhe had her commended vnto you, 
and chat fhe remained with greater defire to fee you then 
to write vnto you; aud therefore fhe requefted and wil- 
led you,as you tendred her affection, that prefentl y vpon 
fight hereof you {hould abandon thefe fhrubbie grones ; 
leaue off your frenfie,and take prefently the way of To- 
bofs. \€ {ome matter of oreater importance did not occur, 
for the had vety great defireto fee and talke with you, 
She laughed heartily when I tolde her that you named 
your felfe the Knight of the ill-fauonred face, 1 demaun- 
ded of her whether the beaten Bi/caime came there 2and 
fhe anfwered that he did, and affirmed withall chat hee 
was a very hone(t man, I asked alfo for the Galley-flaues, 
but fhe tolde me, that fhe had feene none of them as 
et. : 
All goes well till this, faid Don- Qutxere, but tell me] 
pray thee what Icwell did fhe beflow on thee at thy de- 


_—-— ££? oe rr ee 


™ ere * 


‘| Tewell of gold, it was without doubr , beeaufe fhe had 


PART.4. © wittie Knight Don-Quixote. | 


a EY 
parture for reward of the newes thou carried{t vnto her 


of ne? Foritis an vfuall and ancient cuflome among 
Knights and Ladies errant to beftow on Squires, Dam- 
{els,or dwarfcs which bring thé any good tidings of their 
Ladies, or feruants,fome rich Iewel as areward & thanks 
of their welcome newes, Icimay wellbe cueth Sancho, 
andI hold it for a very laudable cuftome, but I thinke ie 
was onely vied in times pafl; for Ithinke the manner of 
this our age is onely to giue a peece of bread, and cheefe, 
for this was all chat my Ladie Dalcizea beftowed on me, 
and that ouer the yard wals, when J tooke my Jeaue with 
her. And in figne thereof (well fare all gocd texens) 
the cheefe was made of fheepes inilke. She is marucllous } 
liberall quoth Dow-Qusxote, and it fhe gaue thee nora 


none then abouther, Bat fleenes are good , although they 
come after the feat. 1 will fee her and then all things fhall 
be amended, knoweftthou Sancho whereat I wonder, 
It isat this fodaine returne, for it feemes to me thou wal 
gone, and haft come backe againe in the ayre, for thou 
halt beene away but a little more then three dates, Tobofo 
being wellnigh thirtie leagues from hence: And there- 
fore do beleeue that the wile inchanter,who takes care ef 
mine affaires, and is my friend (for there is fuch a one of 
force, and then mn({t bee, vnder paine that I elfe fhould 
notbe a good knight errant ) I fay I verely thinke that 
wife man holpe thee to trample vnawares of thy felfe: 
for there are wife men of that condition which will take 
a Knighterrant fleeping in his bed; and without know- 
ing how or in what manner hee will wake the next day a 
thoufand leagues from that place where he fell a fleepe. 
And wereit not for this, knightserrant could not fuc- 


cour one another in their moft dangerous exigents , as | 


they do nowateuerie flep. For it oft-times befalles that 
aknight is fighting in the mountaines of eArmenia with 


fone diuellifh Fasno, {ene dreadfull fhadow , or aie 


3%9 


. 
a ee = ca a > 


Wd 


The delightful Hiflorie of the Part.4. 


knight, where he is like to haue the worfl, and in this 
point of death when I Ieaft expect it,there appeares there 
onthe top of acloude, or riding in achariot of fire an o- 
ther Knight his friend, who was but euen then in Eno- 
land, and helpes him, and delivers himfrom death, and 
teturnes againe that night co his owne lodging , where 


‘fee fuppes with a very good appetite, and yer fot 


all chac is there woont to bee, twoor three thoufand 
leagues from the onetothe other countrey, All which 
is compafled by the induftric and wifedome of thofe skil- 
full inchaunters, that take care of the faid yalorous 
knights, So that friend Saxcho, 1am not hard of beleefe 
in giuing thee credite that thou haft gone and returned 
in fo fhortatime from this place to Tobo/o, feeing as 1 
have faid, fome wife man my friend hath belike tran{por- 
ted thee thither by Qcalth,and vnaware, of chy felfe. I ea- 
fily thinke it replied Sancho, for Roxinante trauailed in 
good faith as luflily as if he were an e4gyptians Affe 
with quickfiluer in his cares,and thinkeft thou not quoth 
Don- Quixote that he had not quickfiluer in his eares?yes 
anda legion of diuels alfo to helpe it, who are folke that 
doe trauaile and make others goe as much as they lift 


without any wearinefle, 


But Icauing all this apare, what is thine opinion that ] 
fhoulddoenow, concerning my I adies comimaunde- 
ment, togoe and fecher : for although I_ know that I 
am bound to ebcy her behets : yet doe] finde my felfe 
difabled at this time to accomplith them, by reafon of the 
grant] have made to the Princeffe that comes with vs, 
ana the law of armes doth compell me to accomplith my 
word, rather then my will? on theone fide Iam affaul- 
ted and wrged by adefire to go and fee my Ladie: on the 
other, my promifed faith, and the glory thar J fhall winne 
inthis enterprize doe incite and call me away, But thac 
Which I refolue to doe, is totrauaile with 4] {peede that 
I may. quickly arriueto the place where that Giant is. 


. ——- Sled 


PART.4. pattie Knight Don- Quixote. 


and will cut off his head at my comming,and when I haue 
peaceably inftalicd che Princefle in her Kingdome, will 
prefently returne to fee the light that doth lighten my 
fenfes ; to whom] willyceld fuch forcible reafons of my 
fo long abfence, as fhe fhalleafily condefcend to excule 
my flay, feeing all doth redound to herglory and fame. 
For all thac I haue vained, doe winne, or fhall hereafter 
atchieue by force of armes in this life , proceedes wholy 
from the gracious tauor fhe pieafeth to beftowvpon me, 
&my being hers. OGod ! quoth Sancho I perceive that 
youare greatly difeafed inthe pate. I pray you Sir tell 
me whether you mean to go this long voyagctornought? 
And let fl:9 and lofe fo rich and fo noble a prefermeat as 
this ? where the dowtic is a Kingdome, which is in good 
faichas Thauc heard fay, twenrie thoufand leagues in 
compafle. And mot} plentifully ftored with all things ne- 
ceflary for the fuflaining of humane life : and thatit is 


| greater then Portugall and (aftile ioyned together? 


peace for Gads loue, and blufh at your owne words, and 


| take my counfaile, and marry prefently in the firfl village 


thathath a parifh Prieft: and if you will not doe it there, 
can you wifh a better commodity then to haue our owne 
Maficr Licentiat ,;who will doe it moft excellently. And 


note that I am old evough to give counfaile,and that this 


which I now deliuer is as fit for you, as if ic were -expref- 
ly cat for you inamould, Fora Sparrow in the fill, is 
worth more thena flying Bittor, 

For he that can hane good, and enill doth chufe, 

For ill that betides him, mufi not patience loofe, 
Why Saxcho quoth Don- Quixote,if thou giveft me coun- 
faile to marry to the end I miay become a King after I 
haue flaine the Giant, and haue commoditie thereby to 
promote thee, and giue thee what I haue promifed : ] 
let thee to vnderfland that I may doe all that moft ea fily 
without marrying my felf\For before I enter into the bat- 
taile,I will make this condition, that when become away 


victor, 


-_— -_> .- ~ 
=e ae 


of the Kingdome bee at my difpofition, to beftow 
vpon whom I pleafe; and when I receiuc it, vpon whom 
wouldeft thou haue me beftow it but on thy felfe ? thac 


to the end that ifthe liuing doe not pleafe me, I may em- 
Barke my blacke vaffailes, and make the benefit of them 
which I haue faid.And likewife I pray you notto trouble 
your minde, thinking to goe and feemy Ladie Dalcinea 
at this time; but trauaile cowards the place where the 
Giant is,and kill him,and conclude that bufineffe firft, for 
I {weare vnto you that I am of opinié it will proue an ad - 
uenture of very great honour and profit, I aflure thee 
Sancho quoth Don- Quixote, thou art in the right, and I 
will follow thy counfaile in rather going firft with the 
Prineeffe,then to vifite Dalcinea, And I warne thee not 
to fpeake a word to any bodie, nonot to thofe thac ride 
with vs of that which we haue heere fpoken and difcour- 
fed together, for fince Dulcinea is fo warie and fecret, as 
| fhe would not haue her thoughts difcouered, it is no rea- 
fon, that Leitherby my felfe or any other flhould detect 


them. ; ; 
If that be fo quoth Sancho,why then doe you fend all 


good as fubhignatié of your hands writing that you wifh 
her well,and are enamored on her? and feeing that thofe 
Which goeto her, muft forcibly lay them downe.on their 
knees before her prefence, and fay that they come from 


you both be hidden and concealed?O / how ereat a foole 
art thou, and how fimple quoth Don- Quixete. Doft not 
thou perceiue Sancho, how all this refults to her greater 
glory, For thou oughteft to wit,that in our knightly pro- 
ceedings, it is great honour that one Ladie. alone, chaue 


ee ; many 


T he delightful Hiftorieofthe Pa R14. 


eer, ene 
visor, although I marry not the Princeffe,yetyfhall part 


is manifett faid Sancho: but] pray you Sirhaue care to | 
chufe that part you would referue towards the Seafide, | 


thofe which you vanquith by vertue of your arime to pre- | 
fent themfelues tomy LadieDalcinea , fecing this isas | 


youto doe her homage, how then can the thoughts of | 


- a 


= 


ParRt.4. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. | 33 


e 


many knights errant for her fe: uitors, without extendme 

their thoughts avy further then to ferue her, only for her 

high worthes, without attending any other reward of 

cheir many and good defires, then that fhe will deigne to | 
accept them as herferuamts and knights. I haue heard 
preach faid Sancho that men fhould loue our Saviour 

with that kind of loue, onely for his owne fake, without | 
being moued thereunto, eyther by the hope of glorie, or 

the feare of paine, although for my part I would loue and | 
ferue him,for what he is able to doe, The Diuell take | 
thee for a clowne,quoth Don. Qxixote how fharpe and 

pertinently doft thowfpeake now and then ?able to make | 
a man imagine that thow haft fludied. Now by mine ho- 
nelly, quoth Saxcho,T can neyther reade nor write. - 

_ Matter Nicholas percciuiny them drowned chus in 
their difcourfes, cried ourto them to flay and drinke ofa. 
little fountaine that was by the way. Don--Qnixete re- 
fted, to Sanchees very creat contentment, who was al- 
ready tyred with telling him fo many lies,and was affraid 
‘his Matter would intrappe him in his owne wordes. For 
although he knew Dualcinea to be of Tobofo , yet had hee 
neuer feene her in his life. And Cardenio hadby this time 
done onthe appartel Derotea wore when they found hr 
inthe mountaines, which though they were not very 
good,yetexcceded with great aduantage thofe which he 
| had himfelfe before, And allighting hard by the fountain, 
they fatisfied with the prouifion the Curate had ‘breughe 
with him from the Inne, alchough it were butlitde, the 
ercathungerthat prefled them. And whileft they tooke 
their cafe there, a certaine young tripling that trauelled: 
pafled by,who looking very carneftly on all thofe which 
face about the fountaine,he ranne prefently afterto Dox-. 
Quixote ,and imbracing his legs, he faid weeping downe 
right :O my Lorddoe not you know me? Looke well | 
vpon me,for Famthe youth e4edrew, whoin youva- 
loofed from the Oake whereunto I was tyed. Don- Qui. | 


wata 


a 


xote prefently knew him, and taking him by the handes, 
he turnedto thofe that were prefent, and faid, becanfe 
you may {ee of how great importance it ir , that there be 
Knights errant in the world, to vndoe Wrongs and iniu- 
ries, that are committed in it by the infolent and badde 
tyen which live therein ; you fhall wie that a few dayes 
pa(t as I rode through a wood, J heard certaine lamenta- 
ble {critches and cries, as of fome needefull and affided 
perfon : 1 forthwith occurd,borne away by my profeffion 
towards the place from: whence the lamentable voyce 
founded, & I found tied to an Oaken tree,this bey whom 
youfeehere in our prefence; for which 1am marvellous 
glad,becaufe if I fhall not fay the truth, he may checke 
me. I fay that he was tied to the Oake flarke naked from 
the auddle vpward,and a certain clowae was opening his 
ficth with cruell blows that he gaue him with the reynes 
of abridle ; which clowneas I after vaderftoed, was his 

Mafter. And foaflooneas I faw him » I demaunded the |. 
caufe ofthofe cruell {tripes. The rude fellow anfwered. 
that he beate him becaufe he was his feruant , and that f 
certaine negligences of his proceeded rather from being 
{ achicfe,then of fimplicity, To whith this childe anfwe. 

red : Sir,he whips me for no othet caufe, but by reafon 

that I demaund my wages of him. His Mafer r ied, I 

know not now what {peeches arid excufes, the which al- 
though I heard , yet were they nor by me admitted. In 
refelution I caufed him to be loofed » and tooke the 
clownes cath, that he wouldtake him home,and pay him 
there his wages,one Riall vpon anether; I and thot. alfo 
perfumed. Is it nottrue,fonne Asdrew ? Didft not chou 

hose with what a domineering countenance I comman- 

ded it; and with what humilitie he premifed to accom- 

| plith all chat I impofed , commaunded 92nd defired >an- 

{were me,be not afhamed,nor ftapger arall,buttell what 
| palicd co thefe Gentlenren, tothe end itosay be manifeft- 

'y (cone how neceflary it is as Thane {aid to haue Knights 

eet fant vp and downe the high waves. acl 


a SOO on ee 


PART.4. withie Knight Don-Quixete. 


All that which you haue faid quoth the boy is very 
true ; but the end of the mattcr fucceeded altogether 
contrary to that which you imagined. How contrarie 

uoth Den- Ouixete ? Why hath not the peafant paide 
thee? He not only hath not payed me, anfwered the boy, 
‘but rather as foone as you were paffed the wood, & that 
we remained both alone, he turned againe and tied me to 
the fame tree,ard gaue mea frefh fo many blowes, as } 
remained another S.Bartholomew,all fleaed : and at every 
blow he {aid fome jeft or other in derifion of you : fo that 
if I had not felt the paine of the ftripes fo muchas I did A 
could have found in my heartto haue laughed very hear- } 
tily. In fine,he left me in fugh pitifull cafe, as Thauc beene 
euer fince curing my felfe inan Hofpital of the enil,which [ 
the wicked peafant did then vnto mre. And you are inthe 
fault of al chis,for if you had ridden on your way, and not 
come to the place where you were not fought for,nor in- 
termedled your felfe in other mens aftaires , perhaps my 
Mafler hadcontented himfelfe with giuing me a dozen or 
two of ftrokes,and would prefently after haue loofed me, 
and payed me my wages, But by reafon you difhonou- 
red him fo much without caufe , and {aid co him fo many 
villanies, his choler was inflamed ; and feeing hee could 
not revenge it on you,finding hinaelfe alone., he disbur- 
dened the fhower on me fo heauily,as I greatlyfeare that | 
I thall neuer againe bee mine owae man. The hurt con- 
fied in my departure(quoth Dox- Quixote) for 1 fhould 
not haue pone from thence,vntill I had feene thee payed. 
Fort I might haue very well knowne by many experiences 
*¢ chat there is no clowne that will keepe his word , ifhe 
' fee the keeping of it can tune any way to his damage, 
| Buc yet Avdrew thou doftremember how I {wore that if 
he paied thee not,I would returneand feeke him out,and 
likewife finde him, althougt he conueyed himfelfe into a 
Whales belly, Thats true,quoth e4mdrew,bur all suailes 
not : thou fhalt fee whether it auailes or no prefently , 


| 


= 
=> 


The delightfull Hiflorie ofthe Pr R Te4. 


ar quoth Sabin We faying fo ,got vp very haftily ; 


and commaunded Sancho to-bridle Rozinante, who was 


| feeding while they did eate : Dorotea demaunded cf 
him what he meant to doe ?He anfwered that he would 


yoe and finde out the villaine , and puni‘h him for viing | 
fuch bad proceedings,and caufe Amdrewto bee paid the 
laft denier, in defpite of as many peafants as liued inthe 
world.To which fhe anfwered, intreating him to remem. 


ber chat he could not deale with any other aduenture, ac- 


cording to hispromife, vntill hers were atchieued, and | 
fecing that hee himfelfe knew it to bee true better then 
any other,that he fhould pacifie himfelfe,vntill his return 


from ber Kingdome. You haue reafon, faid Dow- Qui- 


xote,and therefore Axdrew muft haue patience perforce 
vntill my returne(as you haue {aid Madame) and when] 
fhall curne againe I dee {weare vnto him, and likewife 
renew my premife,never to reft yntill he be fatisfied and | 
payed. I belecue not in fuch oathes,quoth Andrew , but 
would haue as much money as might carrie me to Sims, 
rather chen all the reuenges im the world. Give me foine 
meate to eate and carie away with me,and God be with 
you.andallother Knights errant, and I pray God that 
they may prouc as erring to themfeluesas they haue been 
to me, , | 

Sancho tooke aut.of his bagge a piece of bread and 
cheefe and giuing it to the youth faid, hold, brother .41- 
drew , for euery one hath his part of your misfortune. 1 
pray you what part thereof haue you,faid Asdrew? This 
piece of bread and cheefe that 1 beflow on thee , quoth 
Sancho,for God onely knowes whether I.fhall haue need 
of it againe or no: for thou mufi wit friend, that we the 


| Squites of Knights errant, are very fubie@ to great hus- 


ger and cuil luckeyyea and to other things which are bet- 
ter fel chen tolde : Andrew laid holdeon his-‘bread and 
ch .cfe ; and feciag that no body gaue him any, |other 
thing he bowed his head,and went on his way. True it 


{Pant.4. _— wittie Knight Don-Qutxote. 225 


is that he faid to Dos- Quixote at his departure : for Gods 
loue good Sir Knight errant,if you fhall euer meet me againe 
inthe plight you haue dane, although you fhould {ce mee 
tornc in pieces,yet do not fuccour er helpe me, but leaue me 
in my ditoeaee for it cannot be fogreat , bucthat a greater 
will refuit from your helpe, vpon whom and all the other 
Kuighis errancthat are borne in the world, I pray God his 
curfe may alight. Don-Qaixote thought to arife to chaftile 
him, but he ran away fo {wiftly, asno man durft follow him , 
| and our Knight remained maruelloufly afhamed at Andrews 
. tale: wheretore the re(t with much ado fuppreft their defire 


to laugh, Icft they fhould throughly confound tum. 


| Cap. V. . | 
| Treating of that which befell all Don-Quixote his train 


inthe Inne. 


? He dinner being ended, they fadled and went 
to horfe prefcntly,and trauelled all that day, 
g® and the next without incountring any ad- 
% uencure of price,vntill they arriucd at the on- | 
CO9 i? ly bugge and {car-crow of Sancho Panca: 
7 and though he would full faine haue excufed 
- | his entry into it,yet could he in no wile auoide st: the Inkee. 
per,the Hofleffc her daughter, and CALaritornes {eeing Don- 
Quixote and Sanche returne, went out to receive them with, 
tokens of great Joue and ioy , and he intertained them with 
graue countenance and applaufe, and bad chem to makc hitn 
ready a better bedde then the other which they had giucn 
vito him thetime before. Sir, quoth the Hoftefl- , if you 
would pay vs better then the laft time we would give you 
one fora Prince, Don- Quixote anfwered that hce would ; 
they prepared a reafonable good bedde for him in the fame 


wide roome where belay before: and he went uaa he to 
| edde, 


L 
se enn CR CI 


The delight full Hiflorie of the ,Part.g 


aa NE Ps rie es nels en ome ee 
bedde,by reafon that he arriued much tyred , and voide of 
wit. And {carce was he gotten into his chatnber > when the 
Hoftefic leaping fuddenly on the Barber, and taking him by 
the beard, faid,now by my felfe bliffed,thou fhalt vfe my taiie 
no mors for abeard,and thou fhale turne me my taile; for 
my husbands combe gacs throwen vp and down the flowre, 
that itis afhamed to {ce it: I meane the combe that I was 
wontto hang vp in my good taile. The Barber would not 
giue it vnto her for all her drawing , vutill the Licenciate bad 
him to reflore it,that they had now no more vie thereof, but 
that he might now very well difcouer himfelfe, and appeare 
in his owne fhape, and fayto Don-Quixote , that after the 
Galley-flaucs had robd him, he fledde to that Inne : and if 
Don- Quixote demaunded by chaunce for the Princefle her 
Squire,that they fhould tel him, how fhe had fent him before 
to her kingdome,to giue intelligenee to her fubiects chat the 
returned, bringing with her him that fhould free and giue 
them allliberty, Withthisthe Barber furrendred the taile 
willingly to the Hofteffe,and likewife all the other borrow- 
ed wares which fhe had lent for Don-Quixotes delivery, All 
thofe of the Inne refied wonderfull amazed at Doroteas 
~ | beautie,and alfo at the comelineffe of the Shepheard (Carde- 
nie, Then the Curate gaue order to make readie for them 
fuch meat as the Inne could:affoord : and the Inkeeper in 
hope of better payment , did dreffe very fpeedily for thema 
reafonable good dinner, Don-Quixote flept all this while, 
and they were ofopinion to lethim take his reft,fecing flecpe 
was more requifite for his difeafe chen meate. At the Table 
they difcourfed(the Inkeeper, his wife,daughter and (Mari- 
tormes , and allthe other trauellers being prefent) of Don- 
Quixotes range frenfie , and of the manner wherein they 
tound him, The Hofteffe eftfoones recounted what had hap- 
ned there betweene him and the Carrier; and looking to fee 
whether Sancho were prefent,perceiuing that hee was away, 
the tolde likewife all the ftory of his canuafing,whercat they 
conceined no little content and paflime. -“Andas the Curate 


{aid ' 


a 
s sg : 


Par TA wittie Knight Dow- Quixote. 


faid that the originall caufe of Don- Quixores madneflc pro- 
ceeded from the reading of bookes of Kaighthood; the In- 
keeper anfwered, 

J cannocconceiue how that may be, for (as Tbelectie) there 
is no reading fo delightfull in this world : and Imy {clie hane 
two or three bookes of that kinde with other papers, which 


‘| doe verily keepe me aliue, and not onelymee, bur many o- 


ther. For in the reaping times, many of the reapers repaire to 
this place inthe heates of mid-day, and there is eucrmore 
fome onc or other amorg them thac canreade, who.takes 
one of thefe bookes in hand, and chen fome thirtie or more 


of vs doe compaffe him about,and do Jitten to hitn with fuch | 


leafure as it hinders a thoufand hoary haires: for I dare fay 
at leat of my felfe, that when I heare tell of thofe furious 
and terrible blowes that king hts errant giue, it inflames me 
with a defire to become {uch a one my felfe, and could finde 
in my heart to be hearing of them day and night, I am iuft 
of the fame minde nomore, nor no lefle, faid the hefitcfle, 
for I neuer haue any quiet houre in my houfe, but when thou 
art hearing thofe bookes whereon thou art fo befotted, as 
then thou doef onely forget to chide, which is thy ordinarie 
exercife atothertimes, Thatis very true faid CAMaritornes, 
And Jin good footh doe take great delight to heare thofe 
things, forthey are very fine, and efpecially when they 
tell how fuch a Ladie lies embraced by her Knight 
vuder an Orange tree, and that a cercaine Damfell kee- 
peth watch all the while, readie to burftefor enuie that fhe 
hath not likewse her {weet hzare : And very much afraid. 
[fay that all thofe things are as {weete as honey to me. And 
you quoth the Curateto the Inkeepers daughter what doe 
you thinke? I kuow not in good footh Sir quoth fhe , bur 
I doe hkewife giue eate, and in truth although I vaderttand 
itnor, yet doel take fome pleafure to heare them, bur ] 
miflike greatly thofe blowes, which pleafe my father 
fo much: and onely delight in the lamentations: that 
knightes make being abfene from their Ladies : which 


337 


The delightfull Hiftorie of the 
ee 
in {coth doe now and then make mec weepe through 
the compaffion I take of them, Well then quoth Dorotea, 
belike taire Maiden you would remedie thery, if {uch plaints 
were breathed for your owne fake?] know not what I would 
doe anfwered the Gyre, onely this] know , that there are 
feme of thofe Ladies fo cruell, as their knights call them 7+ 
gres and Lions, and athoufand other wild beafts. And good 
Lefus,L knew not what vofouled folk they bee,and fo without 
. Sfcience,that becaule they wil not once bchold.an honora- 
ble man, they fuffer him either to dic or run mad.And 1 know 
notto what end ferues all that coynefic. For itthey do it for 
honefties fake, let thé marry with them,for the knights defire 
nothing more: Peace child quoth the hofteffe, - for it feemes 


decent that maidens fhould know or fpeake fo much; 1 
{peake quoth fhe, by reafon thatthis good Sir made me the 
demaund, And I could not in courtefie omit to anfwere 
him: Well faidthe Curate, lecme entreate you good miné 
hoft to bring vs here thofe books, for I would faine fee them. 

I am pleated {aid the Inkeeper , and then entring into his 
chamber he brought forth alittle old Mallet fhut vp witha 
chaine, & opening thereof, he tooke out three great bookes 
and certaine papers written witha very faire letter. The firft 
booke he opened was that of Don Cirengilio of Thracia. 
The other Felixnsarte of Hercania: Aad the third, The Hs- 
frorse of the great (aptaine., Goncale Herwandex of Cordona 
with the lite of Diego Garcia of Paredes, adioyned, as foone 
as the Curate had read the titles of the two bookes, hee faid 
to the Barber, we have now great want of our friends 
the old woman and Neece : not fo much as you thinke 
| quoth the Barber, for I know alfo the way to the yard, or the 
chimney, and in goed footh, there is a fire in it good enough 
for that purpofe, Would youthen quoth the hoft burne my 
bookes? no more ofthem qug@th the Curate , but thefe firft 
two of Don Crrongihe and Felixmarte, are my bookts, per- 
aaps quoththe Inkceper hereticall or feomaticall that vou 


Parr. 4. 


that then knowef{ too much of chofe matters, and itis not |. 


vr. 


Par T.40 wittre Knight Do »- Ourxote, 


would thus roughly handle them? Schifmaticall thou woul- 
deft haue faid quoth the Barber,and not fleomaticall Ic ts fo 
faid che Inkeeper,but if you will needs burne any, I pray you 
rather let it be chat of the great Captaine ,& of that Diego 


| Gareia,forl would rather fuffer one of my fonnes to be bur- 


ned, then any one of thofe othertwo. Good fiiend thefe 
two bookes are lying and full of follies and vanities, bur that 
of the great (aptaine istrue, and containeth the artes of 
Goncalo Hernandez of Cordowa: who for his fundrie and 
noble actes merited tobe termed by all the world, The great 
(‘aptaine, anaime famous, illuttrious, and onely detcrucd by 
himfelfe,and this other Drego Garcia of Paredes wasa noble 
Gentleman. borne inthe Citie of Truxillo in Effremadurs 

and was a molt valorous fouldier, and of {o furpaSing force 


as he would detaine a mill wheele with one hand from ture. 


ning in the midft of the {peedieft notion : and ftanding once 
at the end of a bridge with a two handed fword, detended 
the paflage apainfl a mightie armie that attempted to patie 
oucr it : and did fo many other things, that it another, who 
were a ftranger and vnpaffionate had written them, as he did 
himfelfe who was the relater and hiftoriographer of his owne 
actes, and therefore recounted them with the modeltie of 
a Gentleman, and proper Chronicler 5 they would haue 
drowned all the Heftors, eAchilisfes and ‘Rollands in ob- 
liuion. ; 

There is a ieft quoth the Inkeeper, deale with my father I 
pray you, fee at what you wonder. A wile tale, atthe with- 
holding of the wheele ofa mill. I {weare you ought to read 
that which is read in Fedixmarte of Hircania, who with one 
twhare blow cut fiue mightie Giants in halfes,as if they were 


| of beanes,like to the little Friers that children make of bean- 


cods. And fet an other time vpon a great and moft power- 
full armie of more then a million and fixe hundred thoufand 


fouldiers, and ouerthrew and {catgered them all like a flocke |. 


of fheepe. What then can yoo fay to me of the good Don 
Cirongilio of Thracia,whé was foanimous and valiant as may 


3) 


RD 


| | 24.0 | The delightful Hiflorie of the Panr.q. 


be feene in his booke : whtrein is laid downe, chat as he fay~ 
" | Jed along a Rivet there iffued out of the middeft of the 
water a ferpenr, of fire, and hee as foone as hee per- 
ceiued it, leaped vypon her, and hanging byher fquamie 
fhoulders he wroong her throat fo ftraitly betweene both 
his armes, that the Serpent percciuing her felfe to bec well 
nigh flrangled, had no other way to fauc her felfe, bur by 
diving down into the deeps, carrying the knight away with. 
her, who would neuer let goe his gripe,and when they came 
to the bottome,he found himfelfe bya Pallace in fuch faire 
and pleafant gardens,as it was a wonder: and prefently the 
Serpent turned into an old man, which faidto him fuch things 
as there is no more to be defired, Two figs for the great (. aps 
taine.and that Diego Garcia,of whom you {pcake. 
Doretea hearing him{peake thus , laid to Cardenio,mee 
thinkes our hoff wants but little to make vp a fecond part of 
Don- Quixote ? So it fecmes to me likewife replied Cardenio, 
‘| for as we may coniedture by his words,he certainly belecues 
chat euery thing written in thofe bookes paffled iuft as it is 
laid downe,and barefooted friers would be fcarce able toper- f 
{wade hin the contrary, Know friend(quoth the Curate to 
the Inkeeper)that there was netter any {uch ma as Felsxmar- 
| te of Haircaniayor Don C irongilo of Thracia,nor other tuch 
knights,as books of Chitnalry recount.For all is bur a deuice 
and fiction of idle wits that compofed them,to the end that 
thou fayeft, to paffe oucr the time as your readers do in rea- 
ding of thé, For I fincerely fweare vnto thee,that there were 
neuer fuch knights in the world,nor fuch aduentures and ra- 
uings hapned in it, Caltthat bone tb another dog quoth the 
Inkeeper,as though I knew not how many numbers are fiue, 
and where the fhoe wrefts me new. I pray you Sir goe not 
about to giue me pappe, for by the Lord Iam not fo white. 
Is itnotagood fport that you labourto perfwade mee that 
al that which thefc good books fay, are but rauings & fables, 
they being printed by grace & priviledge of the Lords of the 
Priuie Counfell; as if they were folke that would permit- 
ioc >. | om 


- -— 


‘jPart.4. wittie Knight Don -Qutxote, 


I Sa SS EP ses Sa ss ena, 
e e “e 
fo many lies to be printed at once : and fo many battels and 
} inchantments, as are able to make aman runne out of his 


wits, I haue told thee already friend({faid the Curace)that this 
is done for the recreation of our idle thoughts: and fo euen 
as in welgouernd cSmonwealths the plaies of Chefle, Pennis 
and Tracks are tollerated for the paftime of fome men, which 
haue none other occupation,and either ought nor, or cannot 
work: euen fo fuch books are permitted to be printed: prefu- 
ming, (asintruth they ought) chat no man would be found fo 
fimple & ignorant, as to hold any of thefe bookes fora true 
hiflory.And if my leafure permitted, & chat it were a thing re- 
quifitefor this auditory, Icould fay many things cocerning the 
fubie&t of books of knighthood, to the end that they fhould 
be well contriucd , and alfo be pleafant and profitable to the 
readers:but I hope fointime to haue the commoditie to com- 
municate my conceit with thofe that may redreffe it. And in 
the meane while you may beleeue good mine hoft what | 
haue faid, and take to you your bookes,and agree with their 
truthes or leafings as you pleafe, and much good may it doe 
you. And I pray God that you hault not in time on the foot 
thar your ouelt Done Quixote haltech, Not fo quoth the Jn- 
keeper, for I will neuer be fo wood as to become a'Knight 
errant, for I fee well,that what ha vfed in Ha times of thefe 
iohts, is now inne vie nor requeft. 
ap came in about the midft of this difcourfe, and re- 
fed much confounded and penfatiue of that which he heard 
them fay,that knights errant were now in no requeft,and that 
the bookes of Chiualry,onely contained follies and lies sand 
purpofed with himfelfe to fee the end of that one voyage of 
his Lords, and that ifit forted not the wifhed fuccefle which 
he expected, he refolued to leauehim, and returne heme = 
his wife and children, and accuftomed labour, The Inke isi 
thought to take away his bookes and budget, but the ; ak 
rate withheld him faying, flay a while, forl would roe vat 
| ritten in fo faire vacharactor, 
papers are thofe which are written in oe 
The te Me Rn eh Z ane 8 eanerhem to him to read, being it} 


24 


442 


ea a 


The delightfull Hiflorie of the Paxt.4° 


ee 
number fome eight fheets with a title written in text letters, 
which faid, The Hiftorie of the curious smpertinent : The Cu- 
rate read two or three lines foftly to him(elfe , and {aid after, 
truly the title of this Hiftory doth noe miflike mee,and there- 
fore lam about to read itthrough, The Inkeeper hearing 
him faid, your reuerence may very well do ic, for I aflure you 
that fome puefts which hauc read it here as they trauelled,did 
commend it-exceedingly, and haue begd it of me as earneft- 
ly, but I would neuer beftow it , hoping fone day to reftore 
it to the owner of this Mallet, who forgot it heere be- 
hinde him with thefe bookes and papers, for it maybe 
that hee will fometime returne,*and alchough I know that 
I fhall haue great want of the bookes, yet will I make to him 
refticution, for although Iam an Inkeeper,yet God be than- 
ked I ama Chriftian therewithall, You haue great reafon my 
friend quoth the Curate, but yetnotwithfanding ifthe taft 
like me, thou muft give me leaue to takea copie thereof; 
withall my heart replied the hoft. And as they two talked, 
Cardenio taking the booke began to-reade a little of it, and 
it pleafing him as much-as jt had done the Curate, he reque- 
fled him toread it in fuch fort as they might akhearehim:that 
I would willingly doe faid the Curate, ifthe time were nor 
now more fit for fleeping then reading. It were fufficient 
repofe for me {aid Dorotea, to pafle away the time liftenin 
to fome tale or other, for my fpirit is not yet fo well quieted, 
as to affoord me licence to fleepe, euen then when nature ex- 
acteth it. If that be fo quoththe Curate, I will read ic if ir 
were but for curiofitie, perhaps it containeth fome delight- 
full matter, Mafler Nichalas and Sancho intreated the fame; 
the Curate feeing and knowing that he fhould therein doe 
them alla pleafure,and he himfelfe likewife receiue as creat, 
faid, fein g you will needs heare it, be all of you atterigiue, 
for the Hiforie beginneth in this manner. 


CHAP, 


PaRrt.4. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


Cuap. VI. 


wherein is vehear[ed the Hittorie of the cnrtous imperti- 
CR. 


og N Florence arich and famous Citic of Jtale, 
ogy it the Prouince called Tafcane there dwelled 
Pe (wo rich and principall Gentlemen. called 
f°, Anfelmo and Lotharie, which two were fo 


one another with reciprocall amity. True it is,thaten/e/msa 
was fomewhat more inclined to amorous daliance then Loe 
thario,who was altogether addi&ted to hunting. But when 
occafion exacted it, Anfelmo would omic his owne pleafures 


to fatisfie his friends,and Letbariolikewife his, to pleafe An- | 


felmo. Andby this meanes both their wils were fo corre- 
{pondent,as no clecke could be better ordred then were their 
defires, Anfelma became at latt deepely enamoured of a 
principall and beautifull young Ladie of the fame Citie , cal- 


led Camila,being fo worthily defcended, and fhe her felfe of 


{uch merice therewithall,as he refolued(by the confent of his 
friend Lothario,without whom he did nothing ) to demaund 
her of her parents for wife,and did put his purpofe in execue 
tion: and Lothariohimfelfe was the meflenger , and conclu- 
ded the matter fo to his friends fatisfaction,as he was fhortly 
after put in poffleffion of his defires: and Camila fo conten- 
ted tohaue gotten e4nfelmo, as fhe ceafed not to render 
Heauen and Lethario thankes, by whofe meanes fhe had ob- 
tained fo gocd amatch, The firft dayes,as all marriage daies 
are wont to be merry3 Lotharie frequented according to the 
cuftome,his friend e4/e/mos houfe , endeuauring to honor, 
feaftand recreat him all che wayes he might poffible , but af- 


3 


34-4. | 


5 ad 


The delightfull Hiflorée ofthe  Part.4, 


ter the Nuptials were finifhed,and the concourfe of flrangers 
vifitations and congratulations formewhat ceafed , Lethario 
alfo began to be fomewhat more flacke then he wonted in 
going to e4nfelnso his houfe,deeming it (as itis reafon that 
all difcreet men fhould )not fo conuenient to vifice or haunt 
fo often the houfe of his friend after marriage , as he would, 
had he ftillremained a Batcheler. For although true amitie 
neyther fhould,or ought to admit the leaf} fufpition : yet 
notwithftanding a married mans honour is fo delicate and 
tender a thing,as it feemes it may be fometimes impayred e- 
uen by very brethren, and how much more by friends. Anfel- 
mo noted the remifnes of Lothario, and did grieuoufly com- 
plaine thereof, faying , that if he had wift by marriage he 
fhoutd thus be depriued of his deereftconuerfation,he would 
neuer haue married ; and that figce through the vniforme 
correfpondencie of them both being free,they had deferted 
the (weet title of the two friends chat he fhould not now per- 
mit(becaufe he would be noted circum{pect without any a- 
ther occafion)that fo famous and pleafing a name fhould be 
loft: and therefore he requefted him (ifit were lawfull to vfe 
fuch a terme betweene them two) to returne and be Mafter 
of his houfe, aad come and goe out of it ,as he had done be- 
fore his marriage, affuring him that his Spoufe-Camila had no 
other pleafure and will, then chat which himfelfe pleafed fhe 
fhould haue: and that fhe, after hauing knowne how vreat 
was both their friendfhips , was not a little amazed to fee 
him become fo firange. 

_ Toall thefe and many other rea fons alleaged by eAnfel- 
moto perfwade Lothario to frequent his houte: he anfwered 
with fo great prudence, difcretion and warineffe, as eA nfel- 
mo remained fatisicd of his friends good intention hercin: 
and they made an agreement betweene themtwo, that Lo- 
thario {hould dine at his houfe twice a wecke,and the Holy- 
daies befides, And although this agreement had pafled be- 
tweene them, yet Losaarto purpefed co dethat onely which 
ne fhould finde moft expedient for tus ‘iends honour whofe 


Sa aed 7 


. 
. 


Parnrd wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


reputation he tendered much more deerely then he did his ; 


owne; and was wont to fay very difcrectely,that the married 
man ynto whom heauen had giuen a beautifull wife , ought 
to haue asmuch heede of the friends which hee broughtto 
his houfe,as he fhould ofthe women friends that vifited his 


wife , for that which is not done nor agreed vpon in the 


Church or Market , nor in publike feafts or ftations (being 
places that aman cannot lawfully hinder his wife from fre- 
quenting Sometimes at leaft ) are oft-times facilitated, and 
contrived in a friends or kinfewomans houfe,whom perhaps 
we neuer fufpected. Anfelwo on the other fide affirmed, 
that therefore married men ought cuery one of themto haue 
fome friend who might aduertife them of the faults efcaped 
in their manner of proceeding ; for it befals many times, thac 
through the great loue which the husband beares towards 


his wife,eyther he doth not take notice, orclie he doth not: 


aduertife her,becaufe he would not offend herto doe , or o- 
mit to doecertaine things, the doing or omitting whereof, 
might curne co his honour or obloquie: to which things be- 
ing aduertifed by his friend hee might eafily apply fome re- 
medie : but where might a man find a friend fo difcreet, loyal 


1 34. 


LPI 
oe 


and truftie as 4nfelmo demaunds ? I know not trucly, ifnot } 


Lotharie ; for he it was that with all folicicude and care re- 
garded the honour ot his friend :and therefore endeuoured 
te clip and diminifh the number of the dayes promifed , left 
he fhould giue occafion te the idle vulgar , or tothe eyes of 
vapabonds and malitious men to iudge any finifter thing, 
viewing fe rich,comely,noble, and qualified a young man as 
he was,to haue fo free acceffe into the houfe of a woman fo 
beautifull as Camila. For though his vertues and modcft 
catriage were{ufficiently able to fet a bridle to any malig- 


} nantrongue,yet notwithflanding he would not haue his cre- 


ditsnor that of his friends called into any queftion,and there- 
fore would fpend moft of the dayes that he had agreed, to yi- 
fite his friend, in other places and exercifes 3 yet fayning ex- 


cufes fo plaufible,as his friend adinitted them for very smal | 
nadie, |: 


34.6 | 


The delight full Hiflorse of the PART. 4, 
Si ee a 
nable, And thus the time pafled on in challenges of vn- 
kindneffe of the one fide, and lawfull excufes of the other. 
Ic fo fell out, that as both the friends walked on a day to- 
gether ina field without the Citie,e4n/elme fad to Lorhario 
thefe words enfuing. I know very well friend L orbario,that 
among all the favours which God of his bounty hath be- 
flowed vpon me, by making me the fonne of fuch parents, 
and giuing tome with fo hiberall a hand, both the goods of 
Nature and Fortune. Yetras I cannot anfwere him with {uf- 
ficient gratitude for the benefits alreadie receiued , fodoe ] 
finde my felfe moft highly bound vnto him aboue all others 
for having giwen me fuch a friend as thou art , and fo 


pawnes as if I efteeme you not in the degree which ] 
ought , yet doe I hold you as deere asI may. And yet pof- 
‘effing allthote things which are wont to bee the all and 
fome that are wont, and may make a man happy, I liue not- 
withftanding the moft fullen and difcontented life of the 
world, Being troubled I know not fince when and inward- 
| ly weefted with fo flrange a defire, and extranagane fromthe 
comnton vie of others, as I maruaile at my felfe, and do con- 
demne andrebuke my felfe when I am alone, and doe labour 
1 co conceale and cover mine owne defires, all which hath fer- 
| ued metoasfittle effec, as if I had proclaimed mine owne 
| errors purpofely to the world. And feeing that it muft final- 
1 -ly breake out, my willis that it bee onely communicated to 
| -the-treafury of thy fecret. Hoping that by it and mine owne 
induftrie which (as my true triend) thou wilt vfe to helpe 
me, I fhall be quickly freedfrom the anguifh ic caufeth, and 
byshy meanes my joy and contentment fhall arrive to the 
pafle-thas my difcontents haue brought mee through mince 
-owne folly, ! oa” ae 7 
Lorhario ftood fufpended at Anfelmos {peech, as one that 
| couid not imagine, to what fe prolixea preuention and pre- 
amble tended: And altheagh he reuolued and imagined fun- 

dry things in his mind which hee deemed ‘mizht sfi& his 
Giand 


beautifull a wife as Camsila ; being both of you fuch} 


* ao 


PAR T.4. Wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


friend, yet did he cuer fhoore wide from the marke which in | 


truth it was: and that he might quickly efcape that agonie, 
wherin the fufpenfion held him, he faid that his friend did no- 
table iniurie to their amitie ia fearching out wreathings and 
ambages inthe difcouery of his moft hidden thoughts to him, 
(ceing he might affure himfelfe certainly , cither to receiue 
counfels of him how to entertaine, or elfe remedy & meanes 
how toaccomplith chem. Ic is very true,anfwered e4n/felmo, 
and wich that confidence I let thee to vnderfland friend Lo- 
thario, that the defire avhich vexeth me,is a longing to know 
whether my wife Camsila be as good and perfect, as I doe ac- 
counc her : and I cannot wholy reft fatisfied of chis truth,buc 
by making trial] of her, in fuch fort,as it may giue manifelt ar- 
pument of the degree of her goodnefle,'as the fire doth fhew 
the value of gold.For I am of opinio( O friend) thata woman 
is ofno more worth or vertue then that which is in her, after 
fhe hath” bene folicited, & that fhe alone is (trong, who can- 
not hebowed by the promifes,vifts,teares, & cStinual impor- 
tunities of importunace louers. For what thanks is it(quoth 
he) for a woman to be good, if no bodie fay or teach her il]? 
What wonder that fhe be retired and timerous, if no occa- 
fion be miniftred to her of diflolution , and chiefly the thac 
kpowes fhe hath a husband readie co kill her, for the leaf? ar- 
yument of lightneffe ? So that fae which is onely good for 
feare, or want of occafion, will I never hold in that cltima. 
tion, that I would the other follicited and purfued, who not- 
withftanding comes away crowned with thevictery, And 
therefore being moued as well by thefe reafons,as by many 
othe?, whieh I could tell you, which sccredite and foriifiz 
mine opinion, Idefirethat my wife Caws/a doe alfo paffe 
Hibs 3 the pikes of thofe proofcs and difficulties, and puri- 


fie and refine her felfe in the fire of being requefted, folicited | 


and purfued; and that by one whofe worthes and valour may 
deferue acceptancein her opinion : and if (ne beare away 
the Palme oF the vitory, as ] beiceue fhe will, I fballacount 
my fortune matchlefic.and may brag that my dcires are in 


% Cafta eft 
quam weno 
rogaust. — 


345 | 


ae 2 eee 


‘The delightfull Hiflorte of the Parr.4, 


their height : and will fay chat a {irong woman hath falne co 
my lor, of whom the wife man faith, Whe {hall finde ber? and 
when it fhall fucceede contrary to mine expectation, I fhall 
withthe pleafure that Iwill conceiue to fee how rightly it 
iumps withmine opinid,bearevery indifferétly the griet weh 
in all rcafon,this fo coltly a triall mutt ftir in me. And prefup. 
pofing that nothing which thou fhalt fay to me, fhall be a-} 
uaileable to hinder my deftgne, or diflwade me from putting 

my purpofe in executions 1 would haue thy felfe deere friend 


| Lotbario to prouide thee to be the inffrument, that thall Ja. 


bour this worke of my liking, and I will giue thee oportu- 
nitie enough to performe the fame without omitting 
any thing that may further thee in the folicitation of 
an honeft, noble , warie, retired, and paffiontefle wo- 
man. 

And I am chiefly moued to comit this fo hard an enterprize 
to thytruft,becaufe I know that if Camsila be vanquithed by 
thee yet fhall not the viGtury arrive tothe laft puth & vpthot, 


| but onely co that of accounting athing to bee done , which | 


fhall not be done for many good refpects, So thal I remaine 
nothiny offended, and mine iniury concealed in the verrue 
of thy filences for I know thy care to be fuch in matters con- 
cerning mee, as it {hall be eternall like that of death, And 
therfore if thou defireit that I may leade a life,deferuing that 
name, chou muft forthwith prouide thy felfe to enter into 
this amorous confli€, and that not languifhing or flonthful- 
ly, but with that courage and diligence which my defire ex- 
pecteth , and the confidence I have in our amitie affu- 
reth ine. = * 
Thefe were the reafons vied by Anfelmo to Lotharie , to 
a which he was fo attentiue as vntill he ended, hee did. not 
ance vnfold his lippes to fpeake a word faue thofe which we 
haue aboue related: and fecing thathe {poke no more; after 
he had beheld him a good whilc,as a thing that he had neuer 
before, and did chcretore firike hinvinto admiration and a- 
mazement, he faid. Friend e4nfelmo I cannot perfwade my 


ae 
ied 
oo 


af erase, 


PaART.4. wettie Knight Don- Quixote. 


fclte, that the words you haue {pcken be other then icfts, for 
had J thought that thou wert ic earnefl, I would not haue 
fuffered thee to paffe on fo farre,and by lending thee no care, 
would haue excufed thistedious Oration. I doe very ima. 
gine, that either thou doeft not know me,or I thee:but act fo: 
| for I know thee to bee Anfelmo,and thou, that lam Lorh,- 
| riv: the dammage is, that I thinke thou art not the Anfelme 
thou waft wont to bee, and perhaps thou deemeft me nor tp 
be the accuflomed Lothario that I ought to be:for the things 
which theu hafl {pokenare not of that eAnfelmo my friend ; 
nor thofe which thou feekefi, ought to be demaunded of that 
Lothario, of whom thou haft notice.For true friends ouvhe 
to proue and vie their friends as the Poet faid, VV (que ad Aras, 
That is, that they fhould in no fort imploy them or implore 
their affiftance in things offeatiue vnto God: and if a Gentile 
was of this opinion in matters of friendfhip, liow much grea- 
terreafon is it that a Chriftian fhould haue that feeling, {pe- 
cially knowing that the celeftiall amitse is not to be left for 
any bunnane friendfhip whatfoeuer. And when the friend 
fhould throw the barres fo wide,as to fet heauenly refpectes 
apart, for to compliment with his friend, it muft not be done 
on light grounds, or for things of {mall moment, but rather 
for chofe whereon his friends life, & honour wholy depends. 
Then tel] me now Anféelmo in which of thefe two things are 
thouin danger, that J may aduenture my perfon to doe thee 
apleafurcs and attempt fo deteftable a thing as thou doeft 
demaund ? none of them truly, but rather doeft démaund,: 
as I may coniedture, that I doe induftrioufly labour to de-~ 
| priue thee of thine honour and life together, and in doing 
| fo, llikewife depriue my felfe of them both, For if I muft Ja- 
bour co take away thy credit, itis mofteuident, that I dif- |- 
poi'e thee of life,for aman without reputation is worfe then 
a dead man : and [being the inftrument (as thou defireft 
that I fhould be) of fo creat harme vnto thee, doe nor I be- 
come likewife thereby difhonoured, and by the fame confe- 


quence alfo without life? Heare mee friend sAnjelma oe 
| iaue 


SP ET ESET cE RN EA TEI SBE TELE LIT GE OES IS 

350 The delightfull Hiflorie of the PaRT.4) 
haue patience not to anfwere me vntil J have faid all that 1 
thinke concerning that which ‘thy minde exacteth of thee. 
For wee fhall haue after leafure enough, wherein thou 
maycft reply, and I haue patience to liften ynto thy rea- 
fons. 

Iam pleafed quoth Anfelwo, fay what thou likeft: And} 
Lothario profecuted his fpeech in this manner,me thinks .4n- 
felmeo that thou art now ef the (Moores humours, which can 
by no meancs be made to vnderttand the errour of their fe&. 
Neither by Citations of the holy Scripture, nor by reafons 
which con¢{t in {peculations of the vnderflanding , or thae 
ate founded in the Articles of the faith : but muft be wonne 
by palpable examples, and thofe, eafie, intelligible, demon- 
ftratiue and doubdeffe , by Mathematicall demonftrations 
which cannot be denied. Enen as when wee fay: If from 
twe equall parts, we take away two parts equall , the parts that 
remaine are alfo equall, And whenthey cannot ynderftand 
this, as in truth chey do not, we mult demon{Irate it to them 
with our hands, and lay it before their eyes, and yet for all 
this, nought can auaile to winne them in the end to giue 
credit to the verities of our religion, which very termes and 
manner of proceeding, I muft vie with thee , by reafon that 
the defire which is {prung in thee, doth fo wandcr and ftray 
from all that which beares the fhadow onely of reafon, as] 
doubt much chat I fhall {pend my time in vaine which I thall 
beflow to make thee vnderfland thine owne fimplicity, for 
J will grue it no other name at this. prefent: and in good ear- 
neft Iwas aloft perfwaded to leave thee in thine humour, in 
punifhment of thine inordinate and vnreafonable defire but 
tliat the loue which I beare towards thee doth not content, 
Jvfeto thee fuch rigour, or leaue thee in fo manitefia dan- | 
pcr of thine owne perdition, And that chou maift clecrely 
{ce it, tell me Anfelmo, haft vor thou faid vnto me that ] mut 
folicite onc that ftands vpon her reputation : periwade an 
honett woman,make proffers to one that is not paffionate or 
cugaged P and ferue a difcreete womari?. ycs, thou thaft faid 

| ° alj 


et ne 


PaR Te4s wittie Knizht Don- Datxote, : os) | 
allthis, Wellthen, ifthou knowefl already that chou haft 
aretyred, honeft,vnpaffionate,and prudenc wifc, what {eek 
eftthou more? And if thou thinkeft chat the wil! ret viQo- 
tious after all mine affaults,as doubtlefly the will, what bet-.| 
tertitles wouldeft thou after beftow vpon her, then thofe the 
. | poffefleth already ? eycher it preceeds becaufe thou doft not 
| thinke of her as thou fayeft, or els becaufe thou knoweft not 
| whatthou demaundeft. If thoudoft not acount her fuchas | 
| thou ptayfett her,to what end wouldeft theu praue her, but, { 
Sather as an-euill perfon;vfe her as thou likeft beft: but ifthe 
beasgood as thou beleeueft, it were an impertinent thing J- 
to make tryall of truth it felfe. For after it is made, yct it will 
| Millreft onely with the fame repucation it had before. Wher- 
fore itis a concluding reafon that to.attempt things whence 
rather harme may fa refult ynto vs then good, is the part 
of rath and difcourfeleffe braines,and principally when they 
deale with thofe things whereunto they are net compelled 
or driuen,and that they fee euen a farre off, hew the attemp- 
ting the like is manifeftfolly. Difficult things are ynderta- 
ken fer God, or the world,or both. Thofe that are done tor 
| God arethe workes of the Saints ,-indeauouring to leade 
Angels lives in fraile and mortall bodies, Thofe of the world 
are the crauels and toiles offuch as croffe fuch immente feas, 
trauell through fo aduerfe regions , and conuerfe with fo 
many nations, to acquire that which wee call the goods of 
fortume, And the things acted for God and the world toge- | 
ther, are the worthy exploits of refolute and valorous marti- 
{ all men,which {carce perceiue fo great a breach in the aduer- 
farie wall, as the common billet is wont to make, when lea- 
| wing: all feare apact, without making any difcourfe,or taking 
notice of the manifeft danger thaethreatens them , borne a- 
way by the wings of defire and honour to ferue God , their 
Nation and Prince, doe throw themfclues boldly into the 
throate of a thoufand. menacing deathes which expect 
therm. . on as Se 
Thefe are things wont tabe pradtifed,, andit is honour, 
Aa | o glory, 


352 | The delight full Hiftorie of the Parr, | 


glory and profite to attempt them , be they neuer fo full of 
iaconueniences and danger: but that which thou fayeft, thou 
wilt trie and put in praife,fhall neuer gaine thee Gods glo- 
rie, the, goods of Fortune, or renoune among men: for a 
pofe that thou bringeff ic to pafle according to thine owne 
fantafie,thou fhalt remaine nothing more contented, rich or 
honorable then thou artalready:and if thou doeft not,then 
'fhale thou {ee thy felfe in the ereateft miferie ofany wretch 
living: for it will little auaile thee then , to thinke that no 
aaabnoue the difgrace befallen -thee, it being fuficient 
both toafflitand diffoluethee, thac thou knowef it thy 
felfe,and for yreater confirmation of this truth I will repeare 
vnto theea ftanza of the. famous Poct Ladesico Tanjfila in 
the end of his fir part of Saint Petersteares, whichis: . 


Tx gricfe ncrea(eth, and wsthall the fhame, 
In Peter when the day it felfe did [bow, 

eAnd though hemo man fees, yet doth be blame, 
Himfelfe Fecaul be bad offended fo: a 

For brefts magnanimous not oncly tame 

ty ben that of ethers, they are feene,theykwow, 
But of themfelues afbaws'dethey oftenbee, 
Though none bat Heauen.and Earth their exronr fee. 


So that thou canft not exoufe thy griefe, with fecreciebe - 
it neuer fo great, but rather fhalt have continuall occafion |. 
to weepe, if not watry teares from thine eyes, at leaf teares 
of bloud from thy heart,fuch.asthatfmple Door wept, of 
whon1 our Poet makes mention, who madg triall of the vef. if 
fell,which. the prudent Reynaldes. vpon maturer: difcourfe | 
refufed to deale withall :and alchough it be but a Poetical] ' 
fition, yet doth it containe many hidden morals , worthy.to 
be noted, vnderfteod and imitated: how. muck more fecing 
that by what Imeane to fay now, I hdpe thou fhals-begin to | 
conceaue the great errour which thou wouldeft wittingly . 
commit. Tell me e4nfelmse:, if heauenor thy fortunes had |. 


ps te 


- P 
~~) iE . 
° 


PART.4. wittie Knight Don- Quixote. 


made thee Lord and Jawfull poffeffor of a mofl precious Ds- 

amante, of whale goodnefle and qualitie all the Lapida- 
rifts chat had viewed the fame would reft fatisfied , and that 
all of them would ioyntly and vniformely affime that itar- 
tiued in quality.goodnes,and fineffe to all that, to which the 
nature of fuch a (tone might extend it felfe, and chat thou 
thy felfe didft beleeue thefame, without witting any ching | 
tothe contrary ; would it be ruff that chou fhouldeft take an 
humour to {ec that Diamant betweene an Anuile and a ham- 
mer; and to trie there by very force of blowes whether it be 


| fo hard and fo fine'as they. fay ?.And farther when thou didft 


put thy defigne in execution, put the cafe that the fone 
made refiflance to thy foolifh triall, yet wouldett thou adde | 
thereby no new valour or efleeme to it : and if it did breake 
as, it might befall, were not then all loft? Yes certainly, and 
that leauing the ewner in‘all mens opinion fora very poore 
ignorant perfon. Then friend eA»/elaso make account that 
Camila is amoft pretious Diamsant,as well in thine, as in o- 


| ther mens eftimation,and‘it is noreafon to put her in contin- 


pent danger of breaking, feeiny thac although fhe remain in 
herintegrity,fhe cannot mauntto more worth then fhe hath 
at the prefent;& if fhe falered,or did not refilt,confider euen 
at this prefent,what {late you would be in then, and how 
pa thou mighteftthen complaine of thy felfe , for being 
caule of herperdition and thine owne? See how there is no 
jewell in the world cGmparable to. the modeft and chafte 
woman. And thatalf womens honour confilts in the good 
opinjon thats had of thém: and feeing that of thy fpoufe is 
fo greatas it arrives to that fumme of perfection which thou 
kroweft, why weuldcft thou call this verity in queltion ? 
Know friend ae ‘a. woman is an imperfect creature , and | 
fhould therefore haue nothing caftin her way to make her 
fumble and fall,buc rather to cleere and doe all incumbran- 
ces away out of it,to the end the may without impeacament. 
tun with a {wift courfe to obtaine the perfection the wants, 


| which onely confifts ia being vertuous.. 


A22 _ The 


The delight {ull Hiftorie of the Pa R'T.4, 


The Naturalifts recount,thac the Evmese is a little bealt 
that hath a moft white skinne, andthat when the hunters 
would chafe him they vfe this artro take him : as foone as 
they finde out his haunt,and places where he hath recourfe, 
theythwart them with mire and dirt, and after when they 
difcric the little beaft,they purfue him towards thofe places 
which are defiled,and the Evimsine e{pying the mire ftandes 
1 till, and permits himfelfeto be taken and captiued in ex- 
change of not pafsing through themire, or {tayning of his 
whiteneffe , which it efleemes more then eyther liberty or 
life. The honeft and chafte woman is an Ermine, and the 
vertue of chaflitie is whiter and purer then Show : aad hee 
that would not lofe it, but rather defires to keepe and pre- 
ferue it, mult proceede with a different ftile from that of the 
Ermine. For they muft net propofe and lay before hér-thé 
mire ofthe pafsions, flatteriesand: feruices of ithportunate 
louers ; for perhaps fhe fhallnot haue the naturall impulfe 


to flumble, to paffe ouer thofe incumbrances {afely : and 
- therefore it is requifite to free the paffage and take them a- 
way,and lay before:her thé cleerenefle of vertue , and the 
beauty comprizedin good fame. ‘Fhe good-woman is alfo 
like vnto a brishe and cleere mirrour of Cryfisdi,and therfore 
is fubie& to bee flained and dimmed by every breath that 


Saints,to wit,fhe muftbe honoured bat not touched. The 
good woman isto be kept and prized like a faire Garden 
full of fweet flowers and Refes, that is held in eftimations 
whofe owner permits no man to enter and trample,or touch 
his flowers, but holdes it tobe fufficient that they fanding a. 
farre off wichout the railes may ioy the delightfull fight , and 
flapraucie thereof. Finally I willrepeat certaine verfes vnto 
thee that haue now come to my memorie, the which 
were repeated of late in anew play, and feeme tome very 
fit for the purpofe of which we treat. A prudent olde man 
did giue a neighbour of histhat had a daughter, counfaile to 


nh. a 


ee ee 


and force which commonly through proper debility is wont |- 


toucheth it. The honeft woman isto be vfed as reliques of | 


PArt.4,  wittie Knight Dow-Quixote, ~ 


keepe and fhut her vp : and among many other reafons hee 


vied thefe. 
har? woman is of glaffe, 


Therefore noman ought tetrie 
If the broke or not might bee, 
Seeing all sight come to paffe, 
Yet to breake her tis more eafie, 
end it is no wit to Venter 
eA thing of fo brittle temper, 
That to faulder ss 0 queafie. 
end I would bane all men dwell 
Inthas truth and reafons ground, 
That if Danaes, may be found 
Golden fhewers.are found as well, 


A | that which I haue faid to thee Anfelmo vatill this ine | 


fant hath beene for that,which may touch thy felfe: and it is 
now high time that fomewhat be beard concerning me. And 
if by chance J thall be fomewhat prolixe,I pray thee. to par- 
don ine; forthe Labyrinth wherein thou haft entred, and 
out of which thou wouldeft haue me to freethee requires no 
| leffe, Thou holdeft me to be thy friend, and yet goefl about 
to difpoyle me of mine honour,bcing a thing contrary to all 
amitie; aad doft not onely pretend this, bue doft likewife 


indeasfour. that I fhould robbe thee of the fame, that thou : 
wouldeft depriue me of mine is euident ; for when Camile 


fhall perceiue chat I folliciteheras thow demaundeft, it is 


cercaine that fhe will efleeme of me,as of one quite deuoide : 
of wit and indifcreete,feeing I intend and doe a thing fo re- : 


pugnantto that,which the being that him J am, and thine a- 
mitie doe binde me ynto ; that thou wouldef{ haue me rob 
thee thereofis as manifeft,. for (amile {eeing mee thus to 
court hergmuft imagine that I haue noted fome lightneffe in ‘ 
her, which lene me Boldnes thus to difcouer aes ai my de- | 
| praued defires,and fhe holding her felfe to be thereby iniu- ; 
Aa 2 ried; 


eines Silk in i ade ee (OR 


—— ait — : ; ; -~ 
\ 3596) The delightfull Hiftorie of the Panta, 
red and difhonoured, her diferace muft alfo eoncerne thee 
asa principall partofher. Andhence fprings that which is 
commonly faid,that the husband of the adulterous wife, al- 
though he know nothing of her lewdneffe, nor hath giuen } 
any occafion to her to doe what fhe oupht not,ner was able 
any way to hinder by diligence,care, or other meanshis dif [ 
grace,yet is intituled witha vituperious and vile name, and 
isin a manner beheld by thofe that know his wises malice 
with the eyes of contempt; whereas they fhontd indeed re- 

ard him rather with thofe of compafsion , ‘feeing that hee f 

ls into chat misfortune, pot fo much ar his owne de- 
fault,as through the light fantalie of his wicked confort.But 
I will fhew thee che reafon why a badde womans husband 
is iuftly difhonoured and contemmed, although he be igno- 
rant and guileleffe thereof, and cannot preventmor hath i 
uen to it any occafion. And be not Bricsed to heare me,fee- 
ing the benefice of the difcourfe'fhall redound vnto thy 
elfe. ees 

When God created our fir parent in the terreftriall 

Paradice,che tly Sctipture faith, that God tefufed fleepe snte | 
Adame,and that being afleepe he cocke oat a ribbe out of 
his left fide’, of which hee formed our mother Exe, and as 
foone as dene awaked and bebeld her he {aid, this is fiefh 
of my fiefh, and bone of my bones. And God {aid , for this | 
fhall'a man feave his father and his mother, and they fhall 
betwo in onefcth, and then was the diuine Sacrament of | 
| MatrithoniefirR infituted , with fach indiffoluble knots, as | 
onely may be by death diffolued. And this marnellous Sa- | 
| ¢rament is offuch efficacie and ferce , as it makes two diffe- 
} rent petfons to be one very fleth,and yet operates farther in | 
good married folke: For although they haue swo foules,yer | 
it makes them to haue but one wil. ‘And hence it proceeds, 
that by reafon the wites flefh is‘one and the very fame with 
her husbands the blemifhes or defects that taint it, doealfo } 
redound into the husbands, akhough he (as we haue faid) 
haue minifired no occafton to receive that dammape,. For 


Parr.g. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. | ) 357 


as all che whole bedy feeles any paiag of the foote ,head or 
any other member,becaule it is alloneficth : and the head 
frmarts at the ariefe of the Ancle, although it hath not caufed 
| it,fo isthe husband Participant of his wiues difhonour , be- 
caufe he is one and the feltefame with her. And by reafon 
that all the honours and difhonours of the world ate » and 
{pring from ficth and bloud ; and thofe of the badde woman 
be of this kinde,icis forcible, chat pert of them fall to the 
husbands fhare,and that he be accounted difhaneursble, al- 
though he wholly be igaoraus of ic, See then Aa(atwe to 
what perill chow doef chruf thy felfe, by fecking co ditlurbe 
the quietneffe and repofe whereia thy wife liues ; and for 
how vain & impestinent curioGisie thou wouldefi Air vp the 
humers which are mow quiet in thy chaite fpoufes brefi;note 
| how che things thou pi peta to g@ine, is of fmal mo- 
-ment,but that which shou (hale Jofe fo great, thac I mult 
| Icauc ic in his point hauing no wordes fufficiently able to in- 
| deere it, But ifall thac I haue {aid be pot able to mouc thee 
from thy ‘badde purpole : thou moyeft, well feeke out for 
fome other infcument of thy dithonaur and mifhaps : for I 
{ meane not to beene,al I fhould therefore lofe thine 
amitic,which is the greatett loffe that might any way befall 
mee. | - : 
1 Here the prudent Letharie held bis peace, and Anfebye 
remained fo confounded and melancholie, 2s hee could not 
an{were a word te him, for s vary great while. Burt in the 
| endhe faid. I haueliftned friend Lasheria, to all that which 
thou haft {aid nto mee, with the attention which thon haft 
noted, And haue perceiued in thy reafons,examples,& fimi- 
litudes, the great difcretion wherewithall thou art indowed, 
and the perfection of amicie chat thou ha(t attained: and do 
alfo confefle and fee, that f I follow notthine aduice , but 
fhould leaue vato mine owne, I doe but thunne the good 
and purfue the euill. Yet oughteft how likewife co confider 
how herein ] fufferthe difeafe which fome wemen are wont 
to haue that Jong to eate earth, lime, coales, aad other far | 


‘The delightfull Hifterie ofthe = Panr.g. 


worfe and loathfome things ; euen to the very fight, and 
much more te.the tafte. So that it is behouesull co vie feme 
arte by which I may be cured,and this might be eafily done, 
by beginning anly to folicite Camila although you did it 
but weake and fainedly: for I know fhee will not be fo foft 
and pliable, as todath her honeftie about the ground at the 
fir encounters,and I will reft fatisfied with this commence- 
merit alone : and thou fhale herein accomplifh the obligati- 
on thou dwelt to our friendfhip , by not only reftoring mee 
to life, but alfo by perfwading me not to difpoile my felfe of 
mine honour, Andthou art bound to doe this for one rea- 
fon that I fhall alledge’, to wit , that I being refolued as in- 
deed Jam to make this experience, thou oughtf notto per- 
mic being my friend that I fhould bewray my defe& herein 
_ | toaftranger, whereby I might very much indangermy re- 
. |.putation , which thou laboureftfo much to preferuc , and 
thouvh thy credit may lofefome degrees in ( amulas opini- 
on, whilft thou dof folicite her, it matters not very much or 
rather nothing ;-for very fhortly, when we fhall efpie in her 
the integritie that We expect , thou miaift open yntd her fin- 
-cerely the drift of our pradtice ‘by. which thou fhalt againe 
recouet thine impaired reputation, Therefore feeing the ad- 
uenture is litele, and che pleafure thou fhalt doe mee by the 
enterprifing thereof {o, too great, I pray thee do it, chough 
_|-euer fo-meny iacumbrances reprefent themfelues to thee,. 
for:(as I hane premifed) with only thy beginning, I will reft 
facisficd-and adcount the caufeconcluded, 

Lothario perceauing the firme tefolution of Axfelmo, and 
nothing elfe occurring forcibly dilwafiue, nor knowing 
‘whacotherreafonsto'vfe, thacmight hitder this his preci- 
ee refolution : snd noting Withall how hee threatned to 

reake the matter of chis his indiferect defires to a ftranger : 
he determined to auoid greater inconueniences to giue him 
fatisfaction, and perferme hisdemaund, with purpofe and 
refolution to guide the matter fo difcreetly,as withourtrou- 
bling (amila’s thoughts, Anfebno fhould réft contented, 


= 
~ 


Pa RT.de wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 359 


-+ and therefore intreated him not to open fis minde to any o- 
ther, fer he himfclfe would vndertake that enterprife, and 
beginne it when foeuer hee pleafed. Anfelmse imbraced him 
very tender and Jouingly, and gratified him as much for that 
promife, as if he had done him fome very great fauour : and 
there they accorded betweene them, that Re fhould beginne 
the worke the very next day infuing, for he would giue him 
lace and leafure to fpeake alone with (amila, and would 
likewife prouide him of mosey, jewels , and other things to 
| prefent vnto her. He did alfo admonifh him to bring muficke 
| -vnder her windowes by night,and write verfes in her praife, 
{ and ifhe would net take the paine to make them;he himfelfe 
would compofe them for him. Letharie promifed to per- 

-| forme all himfelfe, yet with an intention fr wide from An- 
felmos ; and with this agreement they returned to e4x/e/- 
mos houfe, where they found Camila forrewhat fad and care- 
full, expecting her husbands returne, who had flayed longer. 
abroade that day then his cuftome. Lothario leaaing him at | 
| bis houfe, returacd to his owne,as penfiue as he had left Ax- | 
{ felmso contented , and knew not what plot to lay, to iflue | 
'} out of that impertinent affaire with profperous fucceffe. But 
that night heebethought himfelfe of 2 manner how to de- 
ceaue Anfelmo without offending Camila - and fo the next | 
_ day infuing hee came to his friends houfe to dinner , where 
Camila knowing the great good will her husband bore to- 
'} wards him, did receaue and entertainehim very kindly wich 
} the like, dinner being ended, andthe tablecaken vp , e4”- 
‘| felme requelted Lethario to keepe Camils company vntil his 
returne, for hee muft haue gone about an offre that con- | 
cerned him greatly, but would recurne againe within an; _— 
| houre and 2 halfe, .(‘ansile intreated her husband to fay, 
and Lothario proferd to goe and keepe him companie, but | 
nothing could preuaile with e4nfelmso,but rather he impor- | 
tuned his friend Lotharse, to remaine and abide there his re- 
turne , becaufe hee muft goe to treate of a matter of much 
confequence, He alfo commanded Camila not to leaue Lo, 


ob nawen 


Sse ee 
360 | The delightfull Hiflerie of the Pang. 


ee deacon neeseeee ee ean eae 
thario alone vntill he came backe.. And fo hee departed lea- 
wing Camila and Lotbarie together at the table, by reafon 
that all che attendants and feruants were gone to dinner. 
Here Lethario faw that he was entred into the lifts,which 
his friend fo much dered , which his aduerfarie before him 
who was with her beautie able to euercome a whele fqua- 
dron of armed Knights; fee then if Letharie bad not reafen 
to fearc him({elfe? but chat which he did at the firft onfec was 
to lay his clbow on the arme of his chaire, and his hand on 
his cheeke, and defiring Cassila to beare with his refpectief- 
nefle therein, he faid he wouldrepofe a litcle, whilelt hee at- 
tended’ Asfelme's comming. Camila anfweeed that thee 
thought hee mighc take his cafe better on the cufhions of 
fate, and cherefore prayed him hee would enter into the 
parler and tye on them. But be excufed himfelfe, and fo re- 
mained efleepe inthe fame place , yntill Aufelavesreturne, 
who comsming in, ahd finding his wife in ber chamber and 
| Lotharieafleepe, made full account , that by reafon of his 
long flay, they had time enough both to talke, and repofe, 
and therefore expeéted very greedily the houre wherein his 
friend fhould-awake, to gee out with him, and learne what 
fucceffe he had : all fucceeded as he wifhed , for Letharic a- 
rof{e, and both ef them wentabroade, and theri he demaun- 
ded of him what hee deficed : and Letharie anfwered that it 
feemed not to him. a to dicouer al his meaning st the 
firt,and therefore had doneno other thingat that cine, then |. 
Speake a liele of her beautie and difcretion, for it {eemed to 
him thet this was the beft preamblefhe could vie to gaine By 
little and litle fome intereft and poffcfiion in her acceptance, 
| todifpofe her thereby the better to giue eare sgeinc te his 
wordes more willingly, imitating thercin the Diuels craft 
_ when hee meanes to deceaue any one that is vigilant and 
carefull , for then hee tranflates himfelfe into ats Angell of 
lighe, being one of darkencfle, and laying before him appa- 
rent goeds, difcouers what hee is inthe end, and brings his | 
intention to paffe, if bis guiles bee not at the beginning de- 3 


} concluded finally co tell to his friend how £amife was as in- 


what they woul doe: where he perceaued that Lotharia in | 


| Part. 4e wittie Knight Dor-Quixote. | 361 


tected. All this did greatly like Anfeluse , who {aid that hee 
would affoorde him euery day as much leafure, although he 
did not goe abroade,, for hee would fpend the time fo at 
home, as Camila fhould never be able to fufped bis drift. 
Ittherefore befell, that many daies paffed, which Lethario 
did willingly ouerflip, and faid nothing to Camila,yet did he 
euer foothe Anfelme, and told him , that hee had fpoken co 
her, but could neuer winne her to giue the leaft argument 
of flexibilitie, or make way for the fecbleft hope that might 
be : but rather affirmed that fhee threatned him, that ifhee 
did not repell his impertinent defires, fhee would deteét his 
indired&t proceedings to her husband. It is well quoth dn- 
felme, Hitherto Camsifa hath refitted wordes, it is therefore 
requifite to trie what rchftance fhe wil makeagainft works. 
I will give thee to morrow foure thoufand crownes in gold; 
tothe end thou maift offer , and alfo beftow them on her: 
and thou fhalt haueas many more to buy jewels, where- 
withall to baile her : for women are naturally inclined , aud 
{pecially if they be faite ‘(be they ener fo craft) to poe brave 
and gorgeoufly attired, and if fhee can ouercome this temp- 
tation, I wil] remaine pleafed,and put thee to no more trou- | 
ble. Lotbarioanfwered that {ecing he had begun, he would 
beare his cuterprife on to'an end, although he made full ac- 
count, that he fhould depart fromthe confliQ, both tyred | 
and vanquifhed, He receaued the foure thoufand crownes | 
the next day, and at once with them foure thoufand per | 
plexities, for he knew not whatto inuent, to lieanew; but 


flexible at pifts and promifesas at words, and therefore it 
would be in vaine to trauaile any more in her purfuire , {ee- 
ing he fould doe nothing effe but fpend the time in vaine. 
But fortune which guided thefe affaires in an other man- 
ner, fo-difpofed , that ef nfehme hauing left Letharse and 
Camila alone as he was wont, entred fecretly into acham- 
ber, and through the cranies and chinks did liften and fee 


the 


The delightful Hiflorie ofthe  Paxt.4, 


the {pace of halfe an houre {poke not a word to Camila, not } 
| yet would he haue fpoken though hee had remained there a : 
whole age, and thereupon furmifed firaight, chat all that 
which his friend had told him of Camss/as anf{weres and his 
owne fpeech were but fictions and votruthes , and that hee 
might the more confirme himfelfe, and fee whether it were 
fo, he came forth and calling Letharie apart, he demaunded 
of him what Camila had faid, and in what humour fhee was 
at the prefent ? Letharie an{wered that he meant not euer a 


ny more to found her in that matter, for flce replied to him 

fo vntowardly and fharply,as he durft not attempt any more 

to fpeake vnto her of fuch things. O, quoth Anfelmo, Lo-. 

_ | thario, Lothario,how cuill dofi thouanf{were to the affection 

| thou owelt me, or tothe confideace I did repofe in thee? 

I haue ftood beholdiny thee all this while through the hole 

ofthat locke, and faw how thou neuer fpekeft one word to 

her. Whereby I doe alfo collect, that thou haft not yet once } 

_accofted her, and if it be fo, as doubelefly it is, fay, why doft | 

thou deceaueme ? or why goeft thou about fraudulently to | 

depriue me of thofe meanes, whereby I may obtaine my de- 

fires 2 Axfelmo {aid no more , yet what he faid was fufficient 

‘to make Lorbario confufed eh afhamed,who taking itto be 
a blemifhto his reputation to bee found in alie, {woreto 

AAnfelmp, tbat he would from thence forward fo indevour to 

pleafe his minde and tel] him no more leafings , as hee him- ) 

felfe might perceaue the fuccefle thereof, ifhe did againe cu- 

rioufly lye in watch fer him , a thing which hee might well 

excufe, becaufe his moft ferious labour to fatisfie his defire, 

fhould remooue all fhadowe of fufpicion. _Anfcinpo belee- 

uedhim, and that he might giue him the greater commodi- 

ty, and lefle occafion of feare,he refolued to abfent himfelfe 

from his houfe fome eight daies, and goe ta vifit a friend of | 

his, that dwelled ina Village not farre from the Cittie, and } 

therefore dealt with his friend thathe fhould fend ameflene | 

_gerco call for him very earnefily, that vnder that pretext, he ) 

might finde an excufe to Camsila for his departure, ae a 


FAR T.4. wittie Knight Don-Qutxotee 


O infortunate and inconfiderate Axfelmo , what is that 
which thou doeft ? what doeff thou contrive 2? or.what is.| | 
that thou goeft about ? behold thou. workelt thine owne 

-ruine, laying plots of thine owne difhonour , and giuing er- 
der to thy proper perdition. Thy wife Cansila is g00d,thou 
doft poffeffe her ia quiet and peaceable manner,no man fur- 
prifech thy delights, her thoughts tranfgrefle not the limits 
ofherhoufe. Thou arther heauen on earth , andthe goale | 
to which her defires afpire. Thou art the accomplifhment 

_ and fumme of her delectation, thou art the (quire by which 
fhee meafureth and direSteth her will, adiufting wholy with 

. thine and with that of hcauen. Since chen the miaes-of her 

honour, beautie, modeflie, and recollection, bountifully af- 
ford thee wichout any-toile, all the treafures contained in 
them, orthoucanft defire, why wouldeft. chou digee the 
earth, and fecke out newvaines, and new feene treafures 
expofing thy {elfe to the danger, that thy labours may turne 
to wracke, feeing in fine, that they-ace only fuflained by the 
weake fupporters of her fraile nature ? remember how hee 
that {eekes the impoffible , may iuflly bee refufed of thar 
which is poffible, according ynto that which the Poet faith: 


I NW death for lof I feeke.. 


ee f= 


Health i infirmitie, 
For iffne ina dungeon deepe : 
Iu iayles for libertie, 
And ina treachour loyalties 
Fat ennious fate, vebich fill - 
(Confperes to worke mine ill, 
With Heanen bath thus decreed; 
That eafie things fbonld bete me denide.. 
Case I crane thimpefsible, | 


Anfelmo departed the next day following to the Village, 
telling Canzi/a at his departure, that whileft hee were abfent 
his friend Lorbaxéa would come and (ee to the affaires of his . 


7 


ese EDS 


Ly << 


Nal 


The aelightfull Hiflorie of the Panr.g. 


Ne a 
houfe, and to care with her, and defired her thercfore, te 


make astnuch of him, as fhee weuld doe of his owne per- 
fon. Camila like a dif{creet and mode{t woman, was priened 
at the order her husband did giue to her, and reque(ted him 
to render how indecent it was that any one fhould poffeffe 
the chaire of his cable, he being abfent, and if hee did ir, as 
doubting her infufficiencie,to manage his houfhold affaires, 
that at leat he fhould make triall of her that one time, and 
fhould clearely perceaue how fhee was able co difcharye 
matters of fatre greater confequence. eAnfelme replyed, 
that what hee commanded was his pleafure, and therefore 
fee had nothing elfe to doe, but hold downe the head,and 
obay it. Cawsila an{wered, that fhee weuld doe fo although 
ic was very much againft her will. In fine her husband de- 
parted, and Letharie came the next day following to the 
houfe, where hee was entertained by Camila very friendly, 
but would neuer treate with Letharie alone , but euermore 
wascompaffed hy her feruant and waiting Maidens, but 
chiefly by one called Leonela , whome fhee loued dearely ; 
as one that had beene brought vp with her in her Fathers 
houfe , euen fromtheir infancie , and when fheedid marry 
eAnfelmo, fhee brought her from thence in her company. 
The firlt three dayes Lotharie {poke not a word,although 
he might, when the tables were taken vp, and chat the folke 
of the houfe went haltely to dinner, for fo Camila had com- 
manded , and did giue Leone/a order befides to dine before 
her.ic'fe,and that thee fheuld ttl] keepe by her fide: bur the 
eytic whichhadher fancie ot: -rwile imployed in thinges 
mor. pleafing her humow . «- needed th.» houres and 
times tor the accomphifhin-s oft'« ingdid so: aiwaies accom- 
pith fo punetually her L. i +: ccumand), but now and then 
would |eaueherales, 2 ai thot were her. adics behealt. 
Bucthe honeft press. 9° Caw (Ls. the prauutie of ber face, 
and the modeftie of #2" carriage was fuch, as it fered asa 
bridle to ve Traine Let ariostongue., Butcher rutioof Ca- 
milas mas ~tctues, {erting filence to Lotharsos foocch , re- 


PaRt.4. wittié Knight Don-Quixote, 


tulced afterward to both their harmes. For though the 
tongue {poke nut, yet did his thoughts difcourfe , and had 


leafure afforded them to contemplate, part by part, all the |: 


extremes of worth and beautie that were cumulated in Ca- 
mila potent to inflamé a Mlatue of frozen Marble: how much 
morean heartof fiefh. Lethario did only behold her in the 
time and {pace he fhould {peake ynto her, and did then con- 
fider how wor:hy fhee was to be loued. And this confide- 
ration did by little and: little giue affaults to the refpects 
which he ought to haue borne towards his friend An/e/mo: 


athoufand times did hee determine to abfent himfelfe from | 


the Citic, and goe where Anfelme fhould never {ce him, 
nor hee Cansila sbut the delight hee tooke in beholding her 
did againe with-hold and hindet his refolutions,. When bee 
was alone he would condemne bimfelfe of his mad defigne, 
and tearme himfelfe a badde friend and worfe Chriffian, hee 


made difcourfes and comparifons. betweene himfelfe and } 


Anfelme , all which did finifh in this. point that Anfe/mos. 
foolhardineffe, and madnefle was greater,then his owne in- 
fidelitie , and that if hee might bee as eafily excufed before 
God, for that he meant to doe, as he would be before men, 
he needed not to feare any punifhment fhould bee infli&ted 
on him for the crime: finally , Camsilas beautie and worths, 
affifted by the occafion vebich the ignorant husband had 


-thruftinto his fifls, did wholly ruine and ouerthrow Lethario | 


his loyaltie, and therefore without regarding any other 


thing then that to which his pleafure conducted him, about | 
a three dayesafter e4nfelmos departure (which time he had | 
{pent in a continuall batraile snd refiflance of his contending 


thoughts) he beganne to folicite ( amila , with fuch trouble 
of the {piries and fo amerous wordes , as fhee was ftracken 
almoft befide her felfe with wonder,and made him no other 
anfwere, but arifing from the table, flung away in a furie 
into her chamber.. But yet for all this drines , Losbario tis 
hope (which is wont euermore to bee borne at once with 
louc) was nothiag difaayed, but rather accounted the mr 
: oO 


‘| 369 


366 


The delightfull Hiftory of | the  —s-—- Par Th. 


a mr 
of Cannla,who perceiving that in Lerbario, which the neuer 
durft before to imagine knew not what fhe might doe ;but 
it feeming vnto her to be a thing neither fecure nor honeft, 
to giue him occafion or leifure to {peake vnto him againe, 
determined to fend one vnto her husband Anfelme the fame 
very night,as indeed fhe did, with aletter to recal him home 
‘to her houfe, The fibie& of her Letter was this, 


C HAP. V I he Jf 
Wherein is profecated the hittary of the curious imper- 
tinent. 


ae Ves as it is commonly. [aid , that an armie 
ma feemes not well without a General, or a Castle 
“/ without a Con|iable, fo doe I af firme that it ss 
® much more indecent to fee a young married 
) SGA worsan without ber husband, when hee ts wot 
| bustly detained away by neceffary affaires, I 
finde msy felfe (¢ sll difpofed in your abfence,and fo impatient and 
imporent to indare it longer as if you doe not (peedily returne , I 
foal be confirained toreturne backe unto my apa Maas I 
[bonid leane your bonfe without anykecping. Forthe guara you 
appointed for ssi h it be [o that hee may deferne that title leokes 
more I beleene to 0is own pleafure, then tothat which concernes 
you,therefore fecing you hane wit enough, I will fay no more, nor 
ougl.. L tofay more in reafon, 
Anfelmo tecewed the Letter, and by it vnderftood that 
Lothario had begunthe enterprize, and that Camsile had an- 
_{wered to him according as he had hoped : and maruellous 
lad atthe newes,he an{wered his wifeby word of mouth, 
that fhe fhould not-remoue in any wife from her houfe, for 
he would returne with all{peed. { ateila was greatly admi- 
red at his anfwer, which ftrucke her into a greater perplexi- 


tie then the was at the firft,being affraidto ftay at home,and 
: all. 


f. Ay 
g 


é 


L 


PAR T.4: wittie Knight Don. Quixote. 


a 8 et as Re te 
alio to goe to her fathers, For by ftaying fhe indangers her 


honefly,by going fhe fhould tranfgre ff: her husbands com- 


| 307 


_ maund : at laft fhe refolued to doe that which was worft, | 
which was to remaine at home,and not to thunne Lotharios 


prefence,left (he fhould gine her feruants cccafion of fulpig . 


ticn : and now fhe was grieued to have written what th:e 
did to her husband, fearetul left he fhould thinke that Lotha. 
riohad noted ig her fome token of lightnefle , which might 
haue mouedhim to lofe the refpect which ctherwiic was 
due vito her: but confident in her innocency, fhe cafther 
hopes in God and her good thouchts , wherewithal fhee 
thought to refiftall Lorbarsos words , and by holding her fi. 
lent without making him any anfwere , without giuiny any 
further account of the matter to her husband, left thereb 

fhe might plunge him innew difficulcies & contention ick 
his friend,and did therefore bethinke her how thee might 
excufe Lothario to Anfelme, when he fhould demaund the 
occafion that moued her to write vnto him that Letter. 
With thefe more honeft chen profitable or difcreete refolu- 
tions fhe gaue care the fecond day to Lothario,who charged 
her with {uch refolution, as her conflancy beganne to flag- 
ger,and her honefly had enough to doe, recurring to her 
eyes to containe them, left they fhould git any demonftra- 
tion of the amorous compafsion which Lotharios wordes 
and teares had ftirred in her breaft. Lotharso noted all this, 
and i¢ inflamed him the more. Finally, he thought that ic 
was requifite che cime and leifure which Anfelmoes abfence 
aftoorded him,to lay clofer fiege to that Fortrefle: and fo 
he affanlted her preiumptioufly with the praifes of her beau- 


ty ;for there is nothing which with fuch facility doch render | 


and raze tothe groundthe proudly cre(ted Turrets of wo- 
mens vanity,then the fame vanity being dilated on by the 


tongue of adu‘aiion and flattery. Tobe briefe, he did with 


all diligence yndermine the rocke of her integrity with fo 


| warlike engines, as alchough (mila were made’ of braffe, : 
a ee fe Se 


(ema, (MR ee tne et, nee ee Lae pee | ae wept. wWeteae 


368 


enema rR REBT 


| take backe thy money, for here it isready , and I neuer had 


The delightfull Hiflorie of the | Panr.4. 


ted, promifed, flateered, perfatted and fained fo feelingly, and 


with fuch tokens of trath , as trauerfing Camsilas care of her 
honour,he came in the end to triumph over that which was 
leaf fufpected,and he moft defired :for fhe rendred her felfe, 
euen (amila cendred her felfe. But what wonder if Lothari- 
ees amitie could not {tand on feore? A cleere example,plain- 
ly demonflrating that che amorous paffion is onely vanqui- 
fhed by fhunning it ; and that no body ought co aduenture 
to wreftle with fo flrong an aducrfarie : for heauenly forees 


are neceffaric for him that would confront the violence of } 


chat paffion,although humane, None but Leonels knew the 
weakcneffe of her Ladie , for from her the two bad friends 
and new louers ceuld not conceale the matter : nor yet 
would Lothario difcouer to Camila her husbands pretence, 
or that he had giuen him wittingly the oportunity whereby 
he arriued to that paffe,becau‘c the fhould not imagine that 


he had gotten her lightly, and by chance, and did not pur. | 


pofely follicite her. 

 Afew dayes after 4xfe/mo arriued to his houfe, and did 
not perceiue what wanted thercin,to wit,that which it had 
lott,and he moft efteemed. From thence he went to fee his 


friend Lethario,whom he found at home , and embracing | 
-one another,he demanded of him the newes of his life or of } 


hisdeath. The newes which I can giue thee friend An/e/mso 


quota Lothario , are ,that thou hafta wife who may defer. |. 


uedly be the example and garland of all good women. The 
words that I ipoke vnto herwere {pent on the ayre,my prof- 


fers contemned,and my gifts repulfed,and befides fhe hath | 


meackt me notably for certaine faincdteares that I did fhed., 
Inrefolution,cucn as (‘amilais the patterne of all beauty, fo 
is fhe a treafury wherein modefty rcfides , courtefie and wa- 
rineffe dwell,and all che other vertues that may beautifie an 
honourable woman,orinake her fortunate, Therefore friend 


o<cifion to imploy it: for ( aasilas integrity cannot be) fub- 
ducd with fo bale things asare pifts and promifes, And Ax. 


—~ hws” 8=6hT a, 


& 


{a drie foote,which may and are wont to be had of women: 


Panrr.q.  wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


gE SERPS A ERA SS NS A A EE REIS 
Selwo content thy felfe new with the proefes made already, 

without atrempting to make any farther triall, And fecing 
thou haft paft ouer the Sea of difficulties and fufpitions with 


doe not cftfoones enter into the profound depthes of new 
inconueniences,nor take thou any other Pilot to make ex- 
perience of the goodneffe and Rrength of the veficll that 
heauen hath allotted rothee., to pafle thercin through tlie 
Seas of this world : but make gccountthat thou artharbou- | 
red in. fafe hauen,and there hold thy felfe fafl with the Ad- 
chors of 200d confideration , and fo reft thee yntill death 
come to demaund his debt, from the payment whereofno 
Nobility or priuiledge whatfoeuer can exempt vs. Anfelaro 
refted fingularly fatisfied at Lorbarios difcourfe, and did be- 
leeue it as firmely as if it were deliuered by an Oracle; bur 
didintreat him notwithflanding to profecute his artempt , 
although ic were onely done for curiofitie ,, and to pafle a- 
way the time; yet not to vfe fo <fficacions meanes,as he thi- 
therto practifcd: and that he only defired him to write fome 
verfes itt her praife,vnder the name of Cfori , for hee would 
make Cam#la belecue,how that he was inamoured of a cer- 
taine Lady,to whom he did appropriate that name,that hee 
might celebrate her prayfes with the refpeét due to her ho- 
nour: and that if he would not take the paynes to invent 
them, that he himfelfe would willingly compofe them. That 
isnot necdfull ,quoth Lethario,forthe CAtufesare not fo a- 
lienated from ine , but that they vifite mee fometimes in 
the yeare. Tell you vato Camila what you haue deuifed of 
my loues : and as for the verfes,] will make them my felfe,if | 
not fo well as the fubicéct defcrues, yet at the leaft as artifici-.1 


ally as 1 may devife them. The impertinent curious mawand |:.~, 


‘his treacherous friend hauing thus agreed , and Anfelmo te- 
turned to his houfe he demaunded of Camms/4 that which fhe: 
maruelled he had not asked before, that fhe fhould tell vnto 
him the occafion why the fent vnto him the Letter ? Camila 


made an{were,becaufe it feemed vnto her, that Lothario be- 
wi Lota 


' The delightfull Hiftorée of the PaR rg. 


held her fomewhat more immodeftly then when he was at 
home ; but that now. fhe did againe-diflwade her {clfe , and 
belceued that it was but a light {urmife, without any groynd, |. 
becaufe that fhe perceiued Lothario to loath her pretence, «t 
be by any meanes alone with.her.s4nfelmo tolde her that fhe 
might very well live.fecure for him, for that he knew Lotha- 
ries affeions werebeftowed elfe-where,and that vpon one 
{| of the nobleft damzels of the Citie, whofe prayfes he folem- 
nized vnder the name of C/eri, and that although he were 
not, yet was there no caufe to doubt of Lotharios vertue, or 
the amitie that was betweene them both, Here if Camila 
hadnot beene premonifhed by Lothario that theloue of 
C lori was but fained,and that he himfelfe had told it'to An- 
Selmeto blindc him,that he might with Icffe difficultie cele- 
brate her owne prayfes vader the name of Clori, fhee had - 
without doubt falne into the dcfperate toylcs of iealoufie ; 
butbeing alread aduertifed, fhe poftcd ouer that affaule 
lightly. The day following they three fitting together at 
dinner, Anfelmorcquelted Letharioto repeate fome one of 
the verfes that he had made to his beloutd Cori 5 for {ecing 
that (amilaknew her not,he might boldly fay what he piea- 
fed. Although fhe knew her, quot Lothario, yet would I 
not therefore fuppreffe any part.of her praifes. -For when a- 
ny lower praifeth his Ladie for her beauty, and doth withall, 
taxe her of cruelcy,her creditincurresno danger. But befall 


» « 


whatitlit,I compofed yelterday a Sonnet of the ingratitude 


oe a 


of Clors,and is hig enfuing, - 


A ANidft the filence of the darkgSt night, | 
: When fweetest fleepeinnadeth mortalleyes: . 
J poore accoant ,toheawn and Clori bright, 
|  Gine of the richeSt harmes,which ener rife. 
And at the time,we Phebus may dem/f2, * : 
Shine through the Refeall gates of th’Oriens bright) - 
Wrib 


Part.q4. — wettie Keight Don-Qasxote. 


VV ith deepe accents asd fghes in wonted guife 
I doe my plaints renew, with matne and might, 
Arvid when the Sunne,dewne from bis flarry feat 
Direttef rayes, towards the carth deth fend, 
CMy fighes I double auth my fad regrete. 
And night returnes bat ef my woes 20 end: * 
- For Lfinde alwayes in my mortall firife,” 
Hean' x withont eares,and Clotilikewife deafe. 


Camila liked the Sonnet very well,but Anfelmo beft of all; 
| for he prayfed it,and faid,chat the Lady muft be very cruell, 
that would not anfwere fuch perfpicuous truths , with reci- 
procallaffection, Butthen Camila an{wered, why then be- 
like all chat which inamoured Poets fay is true? In as much 
as Poets,quoth Letkario,they fay not truth , but as they are 
inamoured,they remaine as fhortas they are true, That is | 
queflionlefle,quoth Axfelme,alltovnder:. pand giue Le- 
thario more credite with Camila,who was as careleffe of the | 
caufe her husband {aid fo,as fhe was enamoured of Lotha- 
rie,and therefore with che delight fhe gooke in his compo- 
fitions,but ehiefly knowing that his defires and labors were: 
addreft to her felfe, who was the true C/ori, fhee intreated 
| himto repeate fome other Sonnet or dittie,ifhe remeémbred 
any. Yesthgt I do,quoth Lothario , but I beleeue that itis 
not fo good as the firft,as you may well iudge, for it is this, | 


A SONNET. 


Die,and if I cannot be beleewd, 

- My deaths, more certathe as it ts moff fure, 

To fee me at thy feet,of life depron d : 

Rather then griene,this thraldome to endsire. 
VV chi may I in oblinions [hades ob{cure | 
. Of glory iste,and fauour be denide : 

And yer enen ther. .jrall i my bofome pure, 

T he foape of thy fare faceingraude be eyed. 


—— « 


> The delightful Hiftorie of the . Ps RTA. 


For that’s arelique, which I do referne 
Fer the la5t trannces,my contentions threaten, 
VV hich midft thy rigour doth it felfe preferne, 
O woe's the wight! ha is by temspefis beaten 
By night 8 unknowne Seas sn danger rife, 
For want of North,or banen to lofe bis life, 


eA nfelme commended alfo this fecorrd Soanet as. hee.had 


'| done the fir(t,and added by that means ene linke to another: 


in the chaine, wherewith he intangléd himfelfe , and forged 
his owne difhonour : feeing when Lotharie difhonouted 


| him moft ofall,he faid ynto bim then that he honoured him 
| moft. And herewith all Camsila made all the linkes that veri- 


lyferued onely to abafe her downe'to: che Center -of cen- 


| tempt, feeme co mount her in hes husbands opinion , vp to 
| the height of vertue and good fame. — , 


- + orm — e--.- - 


“Te befell foone after, that Camila finding her felfe alone 
with her mayden faid to her, I am-afhamed friend Leonelata 


fee how lictlé 1 kriew to value my felfe, feeing that I. made 
‘not Lotharig {pend fome time at leaft inthe parchafing the 


whole poffeffion of mee, which Iwith a prompt will be- 
flowed vpon him fo fpeedily. Ifeare me thac he will impute | 
my haflinefle to Sightneffe, without cdfidering the force he v- 
{ed towards mee, which wholy‘hindred ‘and difabled my 


‘refiflance. Let ndrthat afflict yau Madan quoth Léonele,for 


itis no fufficient caufe tq diminith eflimation, that, that beé 
giuen quickly which is td be'giuen, if that in effe& be good 
that is giuen ,and be in itfelfe worthy of eftimation; tor it 
isan old prouetbe,, That hee that gines quickly, ¢imes twice. It 
is alfo {aid.as well quoth Camite,thatthat which cafteth Little, 
is leffe eftcemed. That reafon hath no placein you quoth Leo; 
nela, for as much a5 loue according as fome fay, which fome- 
fay, doth fometimes flic, other times it goes, it runs with this 
man, and goes leafurely with the others itmakes {ome key+ 
cold, and inflames others, fome it wounds, and fome it kils; 
itbegins the Carrire of his defires in an inflant,and-in the ve- 


a etl 


ART-4. wirtee Knight Don-Quixote. 


ty fame, concludes iclikewilez.I¢1s wont cto Jay fiege co the 


forcrefle in the morning, ardat night it makes it to yeelde; 
for ther's no foree able to refiftic: which being fo, what doe 


you won-ler, ar what isitthat youfeare? If the fame hath: | 


befalne Lethario,feeing that lowe made:of my Lords abfence 


anin{trument to vanquifh vs ? and it was forcible, thar. in it || 


we (hould-conclude on it. which loue had before determined; 
without giving time it felfe any time,to Ieade e4n/elwe that 


he might retume,:and with his prefonee leaue the workeim- . 


perfect. Forloue hath none foofficious or better. a.minifter. 


to excoute his defiresthen is occafion s It fermes it felfe of oc- |’ 
cafton.in all his a@, but moft of all.at the beginning. And all: |: 
this that.I haue faid, I know rather by-experience:then:heare |: 
fay : as I will fome day let you:to-vaderiland , for Madam I |, 
am likewifemade of fleth, and luftic young: bloud.. - And as | 
for you Ladic Camila, youdid:.not give ¥p and'yeelde your 
felfe peefendy, but flayed-yntill:you had firlt feerte in. Lotha- }. 
vios eyes, his faghes in his difcourfes, inhis promifés and gifts |: 


all hisfoule, sa-which afd in hig perfeCtions you might reade |; 
how worthy heis.to-be lougd.. And feeing this is fo, let not |; 


thefe {eruples-& nice choughts.adault or furcher-djflurbeyour 
mind, but perfwade your felfethatlLerbario eleemes you.as 
much as you doe him, and lives with conrent & fatisfaction, 
feeing that it was your forgune to fal.intg the amorous fnare, 
that jt was his good lucke to catclyyow with his valour and 
deferts:who mvt only hach the foure.S S.which they fay eue- 
iry goed louer oug hte have, but alto rhe whole A.B,C.which 
tit you: vill not credite, doe bu Iiften to-mea while,and 1 will 
repcate ibto you by.rbate. He is as it{eemes, and as: farre as 
-caniudgeamiabdle, bountifull, courteous; dutiful, enamo- 
red, firme, gallant, honourable, Ulutirious , loyall., milde, 
noble, haneft, prudent, quiet, rich, aridshe SS. which they 
| fay,and befides true; valorqus. The X, doth not quader well 


withrhim,becaute is founds.Harthly : ¥.he is young.And the: 


Z.he is zcalous. of thine honour, essils laughed at her 


maydens A.B, C.. and accounted her to bee: more practicke , 


BPH «4. in 


— Wen ~ 


The delightfull Hiflorie of the Pa rr.4. 


in loue matters then fhe her felfe had confefkd, as indeed fhe 
was, for then fhe reuesled to her Miftrefle , how the and a 
certaine young man well borne of the Citie did treate of 
loue one with another: Hereat her Miftrefle was nora little 
troubled in minde, fearing that her honour might be great- 
ly indangered by that meanes ; fhe demaunded whether her 
affections had pafled farther then words, andthe maid an- 
(wered very fhamelefly and freely that they did: for it is moft 
certaine that this kinde of wretchlefle Miftreffes doe alfo 
make their maydens careleffe and impudent: who when they 
perceiue their Ladies to faulcer,arecommenly wont to haulc 
likewife theimfelues, and care not that the world doe know 
it. Camila feeing this errour paft remedie could do no more 
but intreate Leonela not to reucale any thing of her affaires, 
to him fhe faid was her (weet heart; & chat fhe fhould handle 
her matters difcreetly& fecretly, left they might come to 4a-} 
felme ok Lotharros notice. Leonela promifed to performe her | 
wil but did accdplifh her promife in fuch fort, as fhe did con- 
firme Camélas tearcs, that fhe fhouldlofe hercredit by her 
means, For the difhoneft & bold Gyrle after that fhe had per- 
ceiued that her Miftres,her proceedings were not {uch as they 
were wont,erew fo hardy as fhe gaue entrance,and brought 
her louer into her Masfters houfe, prefuming that although 
her Ladie knew it, yet would fhe not dare to difcouer it. For 
this among other harmes follow the finnes of Miltrefles,that 
it makes them flaues co their owne feruants, and doth -ob- 
lige themto conceale their difhoneft and bafe proceedings 
as it fell out in Camila, who although the efpied Leonela 
not once onely, but fundry times tog ether with her louer in: 
a certaine chamber of the houfe, the notonely dared not to 
| cebuke her for it,buc rather gaue hcr oportunity to hide him, 
| and would remoye all occalions out of her husbands way, 
whereby he might fufpeQ any fuch thing. 7 
But all could not hinder Lothario from efpying him once, 
| as he departed out of che houfe at the breake of the day: who 
not kaowing him, thought at che fir that ic was a {pirit,but 
| when 


gp se cS sD, 


PART.4. — wittie Knight Don-Quixote. — 375 


when he {§w him pott away,and caf his cloake ouer his tace, 
Jeafi he fhould be aaa he abandoning his fimple furmife, 
_| fell into a new fulpicid which had overthrown them all,were 
it not chat Camila didremedie it. For Lothariosheught that 
he whom he had feenc iflue out of Anfelmos houfe at fo vn- 
teafonable an hower, hadnet entred into it for Leonelas 
fake, nor did he remember then that there was {uch a one as 
: Leonelain the world, but onely thought that as Camila was 
es lightly gotten by him, fo belike fhe was won by fome other, 
| Forthe wickednefle of abad woman bringeth vfually all 
f thefe additions,that the loofeth het reputatio ewen with him 
cs to whom fhe prayed and perfwaded fhe-yeeldeth her felfe: 
| and he beleeweth that fhe willas eafily, or with more facility 
confent to others, and dothintallibly credit the leaft fufpi- 
cion which thereof may be offered. 
) And it feemes that Lothario in this inflant was wholy depri- 
ued of all reafonable difcourfe , and quite difpoyled ot his | _ 
vaderftanding , for without pondering of the matter, impati- 
ent & kindled by the saioilerabe that inwardly gnawed his 
bowels, fretting with defireto be reuenged on Camila, who 
had neuer offended him, he came to Anfelmo before he wa: 
vp,& faid to him:know=Anfelme that I haue had thefe many 
daies a ciuill confli& within my felfe whether I fhould {peake 
arne , and I hauevfedas much violence as I might, to my 
felfe , notto difcouer a thing vnto you, which now it is nei- 
ther iuf{ nor reafonable I fhould conceale.. Know that Ca- 
wilas forcreffe is rendred and fubie@ to all that I pleafe to 
commaund, and if I haue beene fomewhat flow to informe 
thee this of rruch, it was becaufe I would fir fee, whether 
it proceeded of fome light appetite in her: or whether fhee 
didit to trie me, and fee whether that louo was fill conflant- 
ly continued, which I firft began to make vato her by thy or- 
der and licence. I did alfo beleewe , that if fhee had beene 
fuch as fhe ought to bee,and her thar we both efteeimed her, 
fhe would haue by chis time acquainted you with my impor- 


‘| cunacy : but feeing that the lingers therein, I prefume ses 
er 


. 


4g 


Rg RED Ra SLs 


376 


The delight full Hsflovie of the Parn 4, ( 


9 9 RN SIE) 
her promifes made vnto mee are true, chat when yeu did a 
gaine abfent your felfe out of the towne , fhe would {peake 
with mee in thé wardrebe(and it was true, for there Cama 
was accuftomedto talke with him) yet would not J haue 
thee runne rafhly to take revenge , feeing the finne is not yet 
otherwife committed then in thoueht, & perhaps betweene 
this and the oportunity fhe might hope to put it in exccu- 
tion, her mind weuld be changed, and fhe repent her felfe of 
herfelly. And therefore feeing that chou haft cuer followed 
mine aduifes partly er wholy, follow and-keepe onc coun- 
faile that I will giue wntothee now , tothe ende thar thou 
mayeftafter with carefull affurance,and without fraud fatisfe 
thine owne willas chou likeft bel?, faine thy felfe to be ab- 
{ent two or three dsiesas thou arte wont, and then conuey |- 
thy felfcunningly into the wardrobe, where thou maift very 
well hide thy felfe behusd the tapeftry , and chen thou fhale 
{ce with thine owne cyes,and I with mine what Camila will 
doe; and if itbe chat wickedneffe which rather ought to be’ 
feared then hoped for, thou maie(t with wifedome, filence, 
and difcretion bee the proper executioner of fo iniurious a 
wrong. | . ‘ 

Anfelmso remained amazed, and almoft befides himfelfe, 
hearing his friend Lotharso {o vaexpeRtedly to acquaint him 
with chofe things, in.a time wherein he leaft expected them, 
for now hee efteemed Camila to haue efcaped victreffe from 
the forged affaults of Lothario, and did himfelfe triumph for 
elorie of het victerie, {ufpended thus and troubled, he ttood 
filent a great while looking on the earth without once re- 
mowing his eye from it; and finally turning towards his 
friend , he faid, Lothar, thouhaftdoné all that which I 
could expect from (0 intire amitie,and I do therefore meatie | 
to follow thine aduice ir all things precifely , doe therefore 
what thou pleafeft , and keepe chat fecret which is requifite |, 
in fo waighty and vnexpected an euent , or that I doe pro- 
mife quoth Lotharie, and fo departed wholly repented for 
that hee had told to Anfelmo feeing how fooiifhly hee had 


Rte See es NEC 


i 


Pan tg. wittie Knizht.Don-Quixote. Ht 37 7 
-proceeded , fince hee might haue reuenged himéfelfe on Ca- ! 
| -msila very well, without taking away fo cruell and difhono- 
"| rable, There did he curfe his little wits and abafed his light 
‘| refolution : and knewe not what meanes to vie to deflray 
what he had dene, or giue it fome reafenable and contrary 
iflue. Inthe end hee refolued to acquaint Camsila with the 
whole matter, and by reafon that hee neuer miffed of opor- 
tunitie to fpeake-vnto her, he found hes alone che very {ame 
day; and thee fecing likewife-thac fhee had commoditie to 
‘| Speake vnro him, faid. Know triend:Lothario that.a certaine 
| thing doth pinch my hegit in fuch manner, as it feces rea- 
dy to burft in my breft , as doubtlefly J feare me that in time 
it will, ifwe cannot fet a remedieto it. .For fuch isthe im-, 
-modeltie of Leonela, as thee fhucsvp a louer of hers every! | 
‘tieht inthis houfe , and remaines with him voeill day lighr,. 
which fomuch-concernes my credit, as it lesues open afpa- 
| cious field to him, that fees the other goe out of my houfe at 
fo vnfeafonable times, to iudge of me what he pleafeth; and 
| that which moft griever‘mee isshat I dare not punifh or re- 
.| Buke her fot it. Por thee: being: ptiuie to. our proceedings "|. ._ 
‘\fets abridle on mejandconftraines me've conceale:hers,and | 
‘hence I feare me will bad fucesfle befall vs. Lotharioat the, 
firft fufpected that (‘aml did {peake thus to make him be-. 
leeue that the man whomhe had efpied,was L conclas friend, 
and none of hers t but feeing hee to weepe indeede and bee 
greatly afflicted in minde, he-began at lafi to gaue credic-yn- | 
‘| tothe truth, and beleewing it, was greatly confounded and 
-grieued for that hehad done, And yet notwithftanding he 
| anfwered Camila that fhee fhould not treubleor vexe her 
felfe any more, for he would take fuch orderas Leonelas im- , 
| pudencies fhould bee eafily croft and fupprefied. --And then 
‘| did recount vnto her all thathee had faid co efafelmo,fpurd 
on by the furious rage of iealous indignation, andhowher | 
husband had: agreed to hide himfel e behinde che capelirie : 
- of the wardrobe, chat he might fiom thence clearly pérceiue, | 


the little loyaltic thee kept ¢qwards him,and detiande d pat i 


378 


The delightful Hiftorieof the Pant.g. 


Zon of her for that follie and counfaile to redrefie it, & come 


fafely out of theintricate Labyrinth, whereinto his weake 
eyed difcourfe had conducted him, | 
Camila hauing heard Lot baries difcourfe, was afraid and 
amazed, and with greatanger , and many and difcreet rea- 
fons did rebuke him, reuiling the bafeneffe of his thoughts, 
and the fimple and little confideration that hee had, Butas 
woinen haue naturally a fuddaine wit,for good or bad much 
more prompt then men : although when indeed they would 
make difcourfes, it proues defe;tiue. So Camila found in an 
inflant a remedy for an affaire in apparance fo irremediable 
and helpleffe, and therfore bad Letbario to induce his friend 
Axfelme to hide himfelfe the next day enfuing, for fhee ho- 
ped to takecommodity out of his being there, for them both 
to ioy one another with more fecuritie then ewer they had 
before : and without wholly manifefting her prouerbe to 
him, fhee only aduertifed him to haue care , that after en. 
felmp were hidden hee (hould prefently come when Leoxela 
called for him, and that he fhould anfwere her as directly to 


euery quettion thee prapofed , as if Anfelmo were not in | | 


place. Letharie did vrge her importunately to declare ber 
defigne vnto him, to the end he might with more fecuritie 
and aduice obferue all thac was neceflarie. I fay, quath Ca- 
mila, there is no other obferuance to bec had, then onely to 
an{were me diretly to what I fhall demaund.For fhe would 


} not giue him account before hand of her determination, 


fearcfull chac he would not conforme himfelfe to her opini- 
on which thee tooke to bee fo good; or elfe leaft he would 
follow or feeke any other, that would not proue after fo 
well. Thus departed Letharso , and Axfelme vader pretext 
that hee would vifit his friend out of Towne departed , and 
returned couergly backe againe to hide himfelfe , which hee 
could do the mare commodioufly becaufe (amilaand Leo- 
wela did purpofely afford him oportunitic, e4x/elwo hauing 
hidden himfelfe, with the griete that may bee imayined one 
would conceiue, who did expe to fee-with hisewne eyes 


i 


PaRtT.4. wittte Knight Don-Quixote. 


‘an anotomnie made of the bowels of his henour , and was in 
' danger to loofe the higheft felicitie that hee accounted him- 


| 379° 


{elfe ro pofleffe in his beloued Camssle : Camila and Leonela | 


being certaine that he was hidden within the wardrobe en- 
i tred into ic, wherein fcarce had Camla fer her foote,when 
breathing forth ofa deepe figh fhee {poke in this manner. 
Ah friend Leone/a were it not better, that before I put in 
execution, that which I would not haue thee to know, leaf 
thou fhouldeft indeavourto hinder it, that thou rakeft Av 
felmos poyniard that I haute fought of thee, and pafle this in- 
‘famous breft of mine through and through ? but doeit nor, 


‘for itisno reafon that I fhould fuffer for other mens faults, 


I will know firft of all what the bold and difhoneft eyes of 
_Lotharionoted in me that fhould flirre in him the prefamp- 
tion to difcouer ynto me fo vnlawfulla defire, as that which 
che hath reyealed, fo much in contempt of his friend, and to 
my difhonour. Scand at that window Leone/a,and call him 
tomcee, for I doe infallibly belecue; that hee ftands in the 
{treete awaiting to eflecthis wicked purpofe, But firft my 
_{-cruell, yet honourable minde fhall be firQ performed. Alas 
‘deare Madame (quoth the wife.and craftie Leonela) what is 
iS if you meane to doe with that poyniard ? meane you per- 
haps to depriuc.cither your owne or Lotharios life there= 
:withall ? for which foeuer of thefe things you doe , fhall re- 
‘'dound to the Joffe of your credit and fame. It #s much bet- 
ter thavyou diflemble your wreng, and giue no occafion to 


the bad man now to enter into this houfe , and finde vs here ' 
'in it alone: Confider good Madame how we are but weake | 


women, andhecis aman, and onercfolute, and by reafon 
that he.comes blinded by his bad and pafftonate intent , hee 
may peraduenture before thou beeft able-to put thine in exe- 
cution, doe fomewhat that would be avorfe for you, then to 
depriue you ef your life. Euill befall my Mr. e4nfe/me,that 
minifters fo great occafion to impudencie , thus to difcouer 
her vifave in our houfe, and if you fhould kill hint by chance 


Madame, as I {ufpect yormeane to doc, what fhall we doe 
aiier 


ED 


~~ 


See Try 


| 20 O | «The delight full Hiflovie of the PART.4 


after with the dead carkafle 2? what? faid Camila, we would 
leauc him herethat Amfelmo might burie him, For he muft 
in all equitie efleeme that labour for cafe, which hee fhall 
pafle, in the interring of hisowne infamie. Make an end 
then, and call him, formeethinkes that all the time which I 
{pend vataking due reuenge of my iuft difdaine , turnes into 
the pretudice of the loyaltie which I owe to my fpoufe. 
Anfelmo \ifined very attentively all the while,and at eue- 
ry word that Camila faid , his thoughts chaneed, But when 
he vnderflood that fhee was refolued to kill Lothario,he was 
about to come autand difcouer himfelfe , to the end that- 
fuch a thing fhou!d not be done, bucthe defire that hee had 
tof{ce wherein fo braue and honeff a refolution would end 
\| with-held him, determining then to fallie out, when his pre- 
fence fhould be needfull to hinder it. ( ami/a about this time 
beganne to bee very weake and difmaycd, and cafling her 
felte, as if fhee had falleninto a trance vpon a bed that was 
intheroome , Leonel beganne to lament very bitterly and 
to fay, Alas wretch that I am,how vnfortunate fhould I be, 
ifthe flower of the worlds honeflic, the crowne of good 
women, and the patserne of chaftitie, fhould die here be- 
tweene my hands, Thofe and fuch other things fhee faid fo 
olefully , as no one could heare her, that would not deeme 
herto bee one of the moft efteemed and loyal! Damzels of 
the world : and take her Ladie for an other new and-perfe- 
cuted eee Soone after Camila returned to her {elfe, 
and faid prefently, Why goeft thou not Leone/ato call the 
moft difloyall friend of a friend, that ever the Sunne beheld, 
or the night conccaled, Make an end, runne, make haft,and 
let not the fre of ny choller bee through thy flay cunfumed 
and {pent,nor the iuft revenge which I hope to take paffe o- 
ucr in chreats or maledictions, I goéto call him Madame, 
quoth Leencla, but firft of ali you rauft give mee that poyni- 
ard, leatt you fheuld dee with it in inine abfence fousew lat 
that would minifter occafions to vs your friends.to deplore 
you all che. dayes of our lives. Goe away boldly driend 
TV cane lea 


PAR 7.4. wittie Knight Don. Quixote. 


ES eo ee aS orcas oko Se aA aE 
Leonela {aid Camila , for | fhall do nothing in thine abfence; j 
foralthough I be in thine opinion both fimple and bolde e- | 
nough toturne for mine houour,, yet meane I notto be fo | 
muchas the celebrated Lucretia, of whom itis recorded 
thar fhe flew her felfe, without hauing committed any error | 
ot flaine him fir who was the -principall caufe of -her dif- 
grace :I will die if I muf{ needes die, but Iwill be fatisfied 
and reuenyed on him that hath giuen me occafion to come 
into this place to lament his boldneffe , fprung without my 
| defaule. Leone/a could {carcely be intreated to goe and call 
Lothario; but at laft fhe went out, and in the meanctime 
Camila remained,fpcaking to her felfe thefe wotds : Good 


 thario,as I did many times before,then thus to poffefTe him 
as I haue done, with an opinion that 1am an euill and dif 
honeft woman,at leaft all the while that paffech, vntill mine 
actes fhall vndeceiue him, andteach him the contrary ? It 


| had beene doubtlefly better: butthen fhould not I be re- | 


uenged,nor mine husbauds honour farished, Ifhe were per- 


mitted to beare away fo cleerely his malignitie,or efcape out 


of the fnare wherein bis wicked thoughts inuolued him. Let 
the Traytor pay with his lifes defrayment , that which heat. |: 
cempted with fo lafciuious a defire, Let the world know (if 
it by charrce fhall come to knowit)rhat Camsla did not only 
conferue the loyaltie due to her Lord, but alfo took reuenge 
of the intended fpoile thereof. But yet I beleeue that it were |. 
| belt ro gine Anfelmo firfl notice thereof; but I did already 
touch icto himinthe Letter whichI wrote to him to the |- 
Village: and J beleeue that his not coacurring to take order 
in this fo manifeft an abufe, proceeds of his too fincere and | 
good meaning, which would not, nor cannot belecue , that | 
the like kinde ofthought, could ever finde intertainment in 
the breaft of fo firme a ftiend,tegding fo much to his ¢ifho- 
nour: and what maruell,ifI my felfe could not credite it for 
a great many daies together,norwould Ieper haue thought 


it,if his infolency had notarriued to that pafle , which the 


God,had not it beene more difcretion to haue difiniffed Lo. | - 


a 


Sa a ate hee te 
| 382 The delightful History of the Par 1.4. 


Spe aaa nner Seen a 
manifeft gifts, large promnifes, and continuall teares hee fhed 
doe pive teftimony, But why doe J make now thefe dif- 
courfes ?Hath a gallant refolution perhaps any necde of ad- 
uice? No verily ; therefore auaunt treacherous thoughts, 
here we muff vfe reuenge. Let the falfe man come in, arriue, 
die and end, and let after befall what can befall. I entred 
pure and vntauched co his pofleffion, whom heauen beftow- 
ed on me for mine,and I will depart from him purely : and if 
the worft befall, I fhall onely be defiled by mine owne chafte 
bloud,and the impure goare of the falfeft friend that cuer a- 
mitie faw in this world. And faying of this fhe praunced vp 
and down the reome with the poyniard naked in her hane , 
with fuch long and vnmeafurable ftrides,and making withal 
fuch geflures, as fhe rather feemed defectiue of wit, anda 
defperate ruffian,then a delicate woman. : 

All this e4nfe/me perceiued very well from behinde the 
Arras that couerd him; which did nota little admire him, 
and he thoughe that what he had feene and heard, wasa fuf- | 
ficient fatisfaction of farre greater fufpitions chen he had: 
and could haue wifhed with all his heart that the trial of Lo- 
| tharos comming might be excufed , fearing greatly fome 
| fudden badde fuceeffe: and as he was ready to manifeft him- 
-| {elfe,and to come out and émbrace and diffwade his wife; | 
: he withdrew himfelfe becaufe he faw Leone/a returne,bring - 
$ ing Lothario in by the hand, and as foone as Camila beheld | 
him, the drew a great fitike with the point of the poyniard 
athwart the wardrop,faying Lethario,note wel what] mean 
co fay vnto thee : for ifby chance thou beeft fo hardy as to 
- tpaffe ouer this line which thou feeft , ere I comeas far asic, I 
| willin the very fame inftant Rabbe my [clfe into the heare 
| with this poyniard , which I hold in iny hand s and before 
| thou doeft fpeake or anfwer me any word I would firft hauc 
j thee toliften toa few of mine,for after thou maiefl fay what 
thou pleafett, Firft of all] would hauethee,O Lothario , to 
fay whether chouknoweft my husband e4nfelmo, and what 
| opinion theu haft of him 2? And next I would haue thee co te! 


PART.4. wiltie Knight Dos-Qutxote. 


me if thou knowelt my felfe ? Anfwerto this without delay, 
nor do not ftand long thinking on what thou art to anfwer, 
feeing they are no deepe queftions which I propofe vnto 
thee. Letharie was not foignorant , butthat Kon the very 
beginning when Caasila requefted him to perfwade her hut : 
band to hide himfelfe behinde the tapiftry , he had not falne 
on the drift of her inuention, and therefore did anfwere her 
intention fo aptly and difcreetly, as they made chat vneruth 
paffe betweene them for a more then manifelt vérity: and fo 
he anfwered to Camsila in this forme ,I did neuer conieQure 
beautifull Camsi/a,chat thou wouldeft haue called me here to 
demaund of me things fo wide from the.purpofe for which | 
come: ifthou doeftit to deferce yet the promifed fauour , 
thou mivhteft haue intertained it yet farther off;forthe good 
defired affli&teth fo much the more , by how much the hope 
| to pofleffeit is geere. But becaufe thou mayeft not accufe 
me for not anfwering to thy demaunds , I faythatI know 
thy husband e4nfelmse,and both of vs know one, another e- 
uen from our tender infancie,and I will not omit to fay that, 
which thou alfo knoweft of our amity , to make me thereby 
a witneffe againft my felfe of the wrong which loue com- 
pels meto doe vato him, yet loucisa fufficient excufe and 
excufer of greater errorsthen are mine, Thee doe I like- 
wile know and hold in the fame poffeffionthat he doth: for 
were it not fo,I fhould neuer haue beene won by Jeffe per- 
fe tions then thine, to tranfgreffe fo much that which ] owe 
to my {clfe,and to the holy lawes of true amitie , now bro- 
ken and violated by the tyrannie of fo powerfull an aduer- 
fary aslouehath proved, 1f thou doft acknowledge that 
replied Camils,O mortall enemy of all that which iufllyde- 
ferueth loue, with what face dareft thou then appeare before 
that which thou knoweff to be the mirror wherin he Jookcs, 
in whom thou alfo oughteft to behold thy felfe, to the end 
thou migheeft perceiue ypon how little occafion thou dofl 
wrong him ? but vnfortunate that I atp,| fall now in the rea- 
fon which hath moued thee to make fo little account’ of 


{ Ca thina 


334 


*| chy wicked intentions, ] fay againethat the {ufpition I haue 


‘ and by me through the negligence that-l vfed, to fhunthe 


“meane to chaftice moft with mine owne hands : for if ane- 


The delighsfull Hiflorie of the Panr.g. 


aE Ee Ee ee ee 
thine owne duety, which was perhaps fome negligent or 


light behaviour of mine,which I will not call difhonefty,fee- 
ing thatas I prefume,ivhath not proceeded from me delibe- 
ratcly,but rather through the carelefies that women which 
thinke they are not noted do fometimes vnwittingly com- | 
mit. Ifnot,fay traytor,when did I euer an{were thy prayers 
with any word or token,that might awake in thee the Ieait 
fhadow of hopé to accgmplifh thine infamous defires ? 
When werehot thine amorous intreaties reprehended and 
difperfed by the roughneffe and rigour of mine anfwers ? 
When were thy many promifes and larger gifts ewer belee- 
ued or admitted ? Buc for as much as] am perfwaded that no | 
man can perfeuere Jong time in the amorous cotention,who | 
hath not becne fuftayned by fome hope, I will ateribuce the 
fault of thine impertinence to my;felfe: for doubrlefly fome }.- 
carelefneffe of mine hath hitherto fuftdined thy care, and |: 
therefore I will chaftife and giue to my felfe the punifhment } 
which thy fauledeferueth. And becaufle thou mighteft fee. } 
that I being fo inhumane towards my felfe, could not poffi. | 
bly be other then cruell to thee,] thought fitto call thee to 
bea witneffe ef the facrifice which I meane to make to the 
offended honor of my mait hononrable husband , tainted by 
thee. with the blackeft note that thy malice could deuife, 


oceafion,if] gaue thee any, thusto nourifh and canonize 


thac my little regard hath ingendred in thee chefe diffracted 
thoughrs, is chat which affliéteth roe moft , and that which I 


ther exccutioner punifhed me, then fhould my crime be- 
come more notorious 5 but before Idoe this, 1 dying will | 
kill,and carie him away with me that fhall end and fatisfie | 
he greedy defire of reuenge which 1 hope for, and Ihaue ; 
tceing before mine eyes wherefoeuer I fhall go, the punifh- 
ment which cifingaged inftice fhall infli, it fill remayning 
vibowed or fuborned by him, which hath: brought meto |. 
lodefperatctermes, And 


“IP a RY.4e - wittie Knight Don-Quixote, 


_ And hauing faid thefe werdes , the few vpon Lotharso 


with incredibible force and lightneffe,and her poyniard na- 
ked giving fuch arguments and tokens that'fhee meant to 
{tabbe him,as he himfelfe was-in doubt whether her demon- 
frations were falfe or true;whcrfore he was driven to helpe 
himfelfe by his wit and (trength forto hinder Camila from 
Rsiking of him,who did fo liuely atc her {trange guile and 
fiction,as to giue itcolour fhe would giueit a bluth of her 
owne blood : for perceiuing ,or elfe fayning chat thee could 
not hurt Lothario, fhe {aid feeing that aduerfe fortune will 
{ not fatisfic throughly my iuft dehres syct at leait it fall noc 
be potent wholly to croffe my defignes, and then ftriuing to 
free the dagger hand, which Lerbario held faft, fhe {natched 
it away, and directing the point to fome place of her bodie, 
which might burt her but not very grieuoufly,fhe ftabdher 
4 felfe,and hid it in her apparrell neere ynto the left fhoulder, 
and fell forthwith to the gtound,as ifthe were ina traunce. 
4 Lothar and Leenela flood amazed at the vnexpected e- 
ugnt,and {ill refed doubrfull of the truth of the matter, fee- 


: . ing Camila to lie on the ground bathed in her bloud : Lo- 


thario ranne all wan and pale very haftily to her to take out 
aie popuiand and leetne hove little bloud followed, he loft 
the feare that he had conceiued ofher greater hurt , and be- 
| gananew to admire the cunning wit, and difcretion of the 

Beautiful Camila: but yet thathe might play the part of a 


friend, he began a long and-dolefull lamentation ower (4- | 


milas bodie,euen as fhe were dead , & began to breath forth 

{ many curfes and execrations not onely againft himfelfe, bur 
alfo againft hin that had imployed him in that vnfortunate 
attaire. And knowing that his friend e4nfelmo did liflen 
vato him, he faid fuch things as would moue a man to take 
more compaffion of him then of Camsla her {elfe , although 
they accounted her dead. Leonela tooke her vp betweene 
her armes, and laid her on the bedde, and intreated Lotharso 
to goe out,and finde fome one that would vndertake to cure 
herfecretly, She aifo demaunded of him:hisadutce, touch- 
Ceo =: ing 


385 


The delightfall Hiforieofthe = Panr.4. 


st 
ing the excufe they might make to e4Sn/e/me concerning 
her Miftreffe her wound, if hee came totowne before it 
were fully cured. He an{fwered that they might fay what 
they pleafed, for hee was not in an humour of giuing 
any counfell worth the following : And onely fayd this, 
that fhee fhould labour to ftaunch her Ladies bloud, for 
hee meant to goe there , whence they fhould heare no 
newes of him euer after : And fo departed ont of the 
houfe with verie greate tokens of griefe ahd feeling, and 
when hee was alone in place where no bodie perceiued 
him, hee blift himfelfe a thoufand tines, to thinke of 
Camilas Art, and the gefturcs fo proper and accommc- 
dated t@ the purpofe , vied by her mayde Leonele. Hee 
confidered how affured Anfe/me would remayne , that 
hee had a fecond Porta to wife , and defired to meete 
him , that they might celebratte together the fiction, 
and the beft diffembled truth: that could bee ever ima- 
gined. Leomele as is faid , ftaunched her Ladies bloud, 
which was iuft as much as might ferue to colour her jn- 
uentiog and no more, and walhing the wound with fome 
wine , thee tyed it vp the beft shat thee could, faying 
fuch words whileft fhe cured her, as were able, though 
nothing hadbeenwe done before to make e4x/e/mobeleeuc 
that hee had an Image of honefty in Camileto the plants 
| Of Leonela, Camsile added: others terming her felfe a cow- 

ard of bafe fpirit, fince fhe wantedtime, (being athing 
fo neceffary ) to depriue her life which the hated fo mortal- 
ly, fhe demaunded ‘counfell of her maiden whether fhee 


would tell, or conceale all that fuccefle to her beloued|~ 


| fpoufe : and the anfwered that it was beft to conceale it, 

left fhe fhould inyage her husband to be reuenged on Lotha- 
vio,which could not be done without his very ereatperil,and 
{ that euery good wife was bound not to giue occafion to her 

husband of quarrelling, but rather to remoue from him as 
many as was poflible. Camila an{wered, that fhe allowed of 
her opinion, and would follow it. And that in any fort they 


aE atest: meneretierstedl 


* - a « 


PAR T.4- withie Kwight Den- Quixote . 


muft Audie fome deuice to cloake the occafion of her bure 


from nfelmo, who could notchufe but efpie it. To this 
Leonela anfwered that fhe her felfe knew not how to jje, no 
not in very icf it felfe. Well friend quoth (‘aseila,and J, what 
do I know ? for I dare notto forge, orreport an vatruth , if 


my lifelay onit. - And if wee knew, not-haw'to giue ita 


better iffue, ic-will be better to report the naked truth, then 
to be ouertaken ina leefing :doc not trouble your felfe Ma- 


387 


dame quoth Leonela, for I will bethinke my felfe of fomc- | 


what betweene this. and to morrow merning , and perhaps 
the wound may be concealed from him, ‘by reafon that it is 
inthe place where it is, and beauen perhaps may be pleafed 
to fauour our fo iuftand honourable thoughts:Be quiet good 
| Madam, and labour co appeafe your alteration of mind,that 
my Lord athis returne may not find you perplexed, and Jeaue 
‘all the reft ge Gods and my-charge, who doth alwaies. affit 
‘theiut..)) ae ae 
- With highefl-atrention Raod Anfelese liftening and be- 
. holding the tragedie of his dying honours, which the perfo- 
, hages thereof had acted with fo flrange and ferceable effects 
, as ic verily-feeemed, that they were,trapsformed into the. op- 
/ pofice ruth of heir well canttiued ition, ‘he longed great- 
ly for thenight; apd leafurete get out of hishoufe, thac: hee 
might goe and.congratulate with his good friend Lethario, 
for the precious Jewell that he had found in this laft triall of 
his wife, The Mafler and Mayden -had as great care to giue 
‘him the oportunitie, ro:depart, and hefearing toloofe it, if- 


fued out in a trice,and went prefently to finde Letharie,who : 


being found, it is net poflible to recount the embracements 
he gaue ynto him, the fecrets of his contentment that he re- 
-acaled; or the attributes and praifes he gaue to Camila, All 


which Lotharie heard, without giuing the leat argument of 


loue: having reprefented to his minde at that very timc,how 
greatly decciued his friend liued, and how iniuftly hee him- 
felfe had iniuried him. And although that -An/elme noted 
| that Letharie tooke no delight at his relation, yet did he be- 


ee aaa | 
388 | The delightful Hiflorie of the PART.4.— 


leeue thac the caufe of his forrow proceeded from having left 
Camila wounded and he himfelfe giuen the occefion thereof, 
And therefore among many other words {aid ynto him, that 
there was no oecafion to gricue at Cansilas hurt , it doubr- | 
lefly being but light; feemg fhe and her mayde had agreed to 
hideit fromhim;and that according vnto this there was no 
oreat caufe of feare, but that from thence forward he fhould 
liue merily and contentedly with him, feeing that by his in- 
duftrie and meanes , hee found himfelfe raifed co che higheft 
felicitie that might be defired : and therefore would from 
thenceforth {pend his idle times in writing ofverfes in Ce- 
| ssilas praife, that he might eternize her name, and make it fa- 
mous in infuing ages. Lotbarie commended his refolution 
therein, and faid that he for his part would alfo helpe to raife | 
vp fo noble an edifice, and herewithall 4x/elwo refted the 
moft foothingly and contentedly deceiued, thar could bee 
found in the world : and then himfelfe rooke by the-hand te | 
his houfe(beleeuing that-he bore che inftrument of his glory) 
the veter perdition of his fame, Cansi/e entertained him-with 
afrowning countenance, but a cheerefull minde, the fraude} 
refted vnknowne s while, vntillartheend of certaine |} 
_ gnonethes fortune turmed thewheele, andthe wic- 
> Kedneffe shat was fo artificially cloa.: 
i ked,iffuedto che publike notice 
ofthe world, and e-fufelwa: 
his impertinent curiofi- | 
 tiecofthimbisife: 


st CaarP, 


\ 


| Part.ac3 .* wakhie Knight Don-Quixate. 


Cc war VII IL, 
wherein is ended the Hiftorie of the cartous impertinent: 
andlikewife recounted the rough imcounter and com 
fuict_paffed betmeene Don-Quixo te and certaine 
bag ges of red Wine. a 


» Little more of the noyell didreft ynread, 
Rate when Sancho Pasca all perplexed rap out 
PR ofthe chamber where his Lord sepefed,cry- 

By ing asloudas hee could. Come goad Siss 
fpeedily,end affi my Lord whp is ingaged 
in one of the moftterriblebatrailee. ¢ qt 

| eer mine eyes haue feene, 1 fweare shat he hath ginefi Tach 
a blowto the Giant, my Ladie the Pringeffe ALicewicons 
| her enemie , as hee hath cut his head quite off'as found as a 
| Turnep. What fayeft thou friend , quoth the Cerate , (lea- 
| uing off ac that ward to profecute the reading of his nauell) 
art thou in thy wits Sancho ? what a Diuell man how can 
that be,feeing the Giant dwels at leaft two thoufand leagues 
from hence. By this they heard a maruailous great noyfe 
1 within the chamber,and that Daw. Quixote cried out aleud. 
Stay falfe Thiefe , Robber flay , for fince thou art here, thy 

| Cimitar fhall but little auaile chee , and sherewithall it {ee- 
| med that he ftruck a number of mighty blowes on the wals. 
And Sancho faid, there is no neede to ftand this liftening a- 
broade , but rather that you goc in , and = the fraye, or 
elfe afi my Lord, Although I thinke it be not very nece{- 
fary, for the Giant is queflionlefec dead by this , and 
giving account for the ul life hee ledde. For 1 fawe 
his bloud runne all about the houfe, and his heade 
cut of, which is as great as a great Wine baggc. 1 
am content te bee hewen in peeces , quoth the Ianckeeper, 
hearing of this , if Dow-Quixete or Dow-Dinell haucnot 
oiuen Came blow to one of the wine bagges that {tood filled 


| The delightfull Hiflorie ofthe -Part.g. 


ee Te Bes TS ee re re ees 
at his beds head, andthe fhedde wine muft needes bee that 
which feemes bloud to this good man, and faying fo, he en- 
tred into the roome , ahd all the reft followed him, where \ 
they found Dow- Quixote in the Arangefl guile that may bee | 
imagined : hee was in his fhirt, the which was notlong e- | 
nough before te couer his thighes, and it, was fixe fingers 
fhorter behinde : his legees were very long and leane, full of 
haire and horribje dirtie. Hee wore on his head a little red , 
very preafie night cap, which belonged to the Inkeeper, he 
had wreathed on his leftarme the couerlet of his bedde , on | 
which Sancho looked very often and angerly , as one that | 
knew well the caufe of his owne malice toit,and in his riehe | 
hand he griped his naked {word, wherewithall he laid round 
about him many a thwacke and withall fpake, as if he were 
in battaile with fomie Giant: and the ‘beft {port of all was 
that he held not his cyes open, for he was indcede a fleepe, 
and dreaming that he was in fight with the Giant. Forthe 
imagination of the aduenture which hee had vndertaken to 
finith, was fobént vpon it,as it made him to:dreame that he 
was already arriued at the Kinedome of Aficomsicon , and 
that he was then in combate with his enemies and hee had 
giuen fo many blowes on the wine bagges, fuppofing them 
to be the Giant,as all the whole chamber Aouad with wine, 
Which being perceiued-by the Foft all inflamed with rage, 
he fet vpon Don- Quixote with drie fifts , and yaue vatohim 
fo many blowes, that if Cardenio and the Curate had not ta- 
ken him away, he would doubrlefly haue finifhed the warre 
of the Giant,and yet with al this did not the poore knight a- 
wake vntill che Barber broughe in a great Kettle full of cold 
- water from:the Welland threw ic all. at a. clap vpon.him,and 
therewithall Do Quixote dwaked burnot in {uch fort,as he 
perceiued the manner wherein he was. Dorotea fecing how 
fhort and how thin her Champion was arrayed, would not 
go into fee the conflict of her combatcane & his aduerfarie. 
Sancho went vp: and downc the floure fearchiap forthe 
Giants head, and feeing that he could not finde it, hee faid, 


eg cctteGE nas aaga 


4 Parga. — wittiec Knight Don-Qusxotes 


A TIT A ETA ASS Aa Aaa PS 
now doe I fee very well thatall the things oféhis houfe are 


inchantments , for the loft time that I was leet in this very 
fame roome, I got many blowes and buffets, and knew not 
who did firike me, ner could] fee any body : and now the 
head appeares not which I faw cut off with mine owne eyes, 
and yet the bloud ranne as {wiftly from the body as water 
would froma fountaine, What bloud or what fountaine 
doft thou tattle of here, thou enemie of God and his Saints, 
quoth the Inkeeper ? thou theefe, doft not thou fee that the 
bloud and the fountaine isno other thing , then thefe wine 
bagges which are flafhed here, and the wine redde that 


- {wimmes vp and downe this chamber, and I wifh that ¥ may 


fee his foule fwimming in hell which did bore them? I know 
nothing replied Sancho , but this that if I cannet finde the: 
Giants head, J fhall become fo vinfortunate , as mine Earle- 


. dome will diffolue like faleeaftinto water. And certes,San- 


cho.awake, was in werfe cafe then his Matter fleeping , fo 
much had his Lords pramifes diftra&ted him, The Inkeeper 
on the other fide was at his wits end to fee the humour of 
the Squire, and vnhappineffe of his Lord ,. and {wore that it 
fhould not fucceed with them now as it had done the other 
time, when they went away without payment:and chat now 


- the priuiledges of Chiualrie fhould not auaile him , but hee 


fhould pay both the ene and other, yea euen for the very 
patches that were to be fet on the boared wine bagges. 

- The Curate held faft Don- Quixote by the hands, who be- 
leeuing that he had atchieved the aduenture , and was after | 
it come into the Princefle Afscomsicona her prefence,he laid 
‘© himfelfe on his knees before the Curate, faying : Well 
“ may your geeatnefle, high , and famous Ladie , liue from 


hence forth fecure from any danger, that this vnfortunate 


‘wretch may doe vnto you; and I.am alfo freed.from this 
<< day forward fromthe promife that I made ynto you , fee- 
“Sing I haue by the affiftance of the heauens , and through 
‘€ her faudour by whom I fiue and breathe, fo happely accom- 
‘€ plithed ir. Did not 1 fay fo, quoth Sancho,hearing of ‘his 

Mafter 2 


The delight{ull Hiftarse of the Dantes, 


Mafter ? yea, J was not drunke, fee, ifmy Mafter hath noe 
powdred the Giant by this ? the matter is queftiouleffe, and 
the Earledome is mine owne, who would not laugh at thefe 
rauing fics of the Mafter aod Maa ? all of them laughed 
faue the Inkeeper who gaue himfelfe for anger to the Diuel 
more then a huadred times, And the Batber ( ardexie and 
the Curate pot Dex- Quixote to bed againe not without 
| much adoe, who prefently fell afleepe with tekens of mar- 
uailous wearine@e, They left bic fleepiag and went out to 
comfort S sictePanca los the griefe hee had, becaufe hee 
could net fade the Giants bead : but yet had more adoe to 
pacifte the Inkeeper, who was almoft out of his wits for the 
vnexpected and fuddaine death of his wine bagges. 

The Hofteffe on the other fide went vp and downe whi- 
ning and faying, in an ill feafon and an vnlucky houre 
did this Knight errant enter into my heufe; Alas, and I 
would that mine eyes had neuer feene him, fecing hee 
cofts mec fo deere. The laft time that hee was heere, hee 
went away {cot-free for his {upper,bedde,ftraw,and barley, 
both for himfelfe & his man,his horfe,and his Affe, fa ing 5 
thache was aknight aduenturous (and Gad giye te bine ll 
venture, and to all the other aduenturers of the world ) and 
was not therefore bound to pay any thing, for fo it was writ- 
ten io the ftatutes of Chivalry, And now for his caufe came 
.| the other Gentleman,and toake eway my goed taile, and 

hath returad it me backe,with two quarters of damage. For 
all che haire is falne off,and it cannot land my husband any 
more in fleed for the purpofe he had it ; andfor anend and 
conclufion ef all to breake my wine bagges and fhedde my 
wine: I with I may {ee as much ef bis bloud fhedde. Aad do 
not think otherwife,for by my fathers old bones,and the life 
of my mother,they hall pay me euery duit , one quart onan 
other,or elfe I will neuer be called as 1 am,nor be mine own 
fathers daughrer, Thefe and fuch like wordes {pake the In- 
keepers wife wit very great fury, and was fecanded by her 
| G00d feruant Maritornes. The daughter held het peace, and 


wauld 


ee Age, 7 


Cart.4. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


NN eee SEES 
would now and then fmilea littk : buc Mafler Parton a4 
quiet and pacifie all, by promifing to fatisfie them for the 
damages as well as he might , as well for the wine as for the 


bagges , but chiefly for her taile,the which was fo much ac-. 


counted of,and valued fo highly. Derotea did comfort Sax- 
che faying to:him, that whenfoeuer it fhould be verified that 
his Lord had flaine the Giant,and eftablifhed her quietly in 
her kingdome,fhe would beftew vpon him the beft Earle- 
dome thereof. With this he cooke courage, and affured the 
Princeffe that he himfelfe had feene the Giants head cut off,. 
and for a more cestaine token thereof, he faid that hee had 2. 
beard that reached him downeto his pyrdle; and that if the 
head could not now befound , it was by reafon that all the 
affaires of that houfe were puided by tnchanement,as he had 


393 | 


made experience to his ceft the laf time that he was lodged | 


therein, Dereteateplyed that fhe was of the fame opinion, 
and bad himte be of good cheere, for all would be well en- 
ded to bis hearts defire. All parties being quieted , the Cu- 
rate refolued to finifh the end of his nowell , becaufe he per- 
ceiued that there refted but a little ynread thereof. ( ardenio, 
Doretea, andail the reft intreated him carnefily to finith it. 
Aad re. defiring to delight them all herein, and recreate 
himéelfe did profecute the tale in this manner. 


Ie after befell chat e-4u/elme crew fo fatisfied of bis wiues 


honeftie, as he led a moft contented and fecure life :and Ca- 
mela did for the nonce looke fourely vpon Letharie to the 
end Anfelese might confter ber mind amiffe:and for a greater 
confirmation thereof, Lotharie requefied Anfelmo te excufe 
his comming any.more to his houfe , feeing that hee cleerely 
perceiued how Cansile could neither brooke his company 
nor prefence. But the hoodwink’d Anfelese anfwered him, 
that he would m no wife confent thereunto, aad in this man- 
ner did weaue his owne difhonour a thoufand waies, thin- 


king to worke his contentment, In this feafoirfuch was the }- 
delight thas Leonels tooke alfo in her affections; as the {uffe- | 


|red her felfe to be borne away by them headlongly without 


Theadelightfull Hiitery of the Par T.4. | 


any care or regard confident , becaufe her Ladie did couer 
it, yea,and foinetimes inftructed her how fhe might ptt her 
defires in practife , without any feare or danger, But 
finally Axfelmo heard ona nipte fome body walke in Lea» 
welas chamber, and being defirous to know who it was , as 
he thought to enter,he felt the doore to be held faft againft 
him, which gaue him a greater defire to open it,and therfore 
he ftrugled fo long and vfed fuch violence,as he threw open 
the dore,and entred iuft at che time that another leaped out 
atthe window, and therefore he ran ouer to ouertake him, 
or fee wherein he might know him,but could neyther com- 
pafle che one or the other, by reafon that Leene/a embra- 
cing him hardly, with-held him and faid , pacifte your felfe 
: | good Sir,andbe not troubled, nor follow him that was 
| face he is one that belongs to mee, and that fomuchas 
he is my {poufe, _As/elwso would not belecue her, but rather. 
blinde with rage,he drew out his poyniard, and would haue: 
wounded her, faying, that fhe fhould ghiacos tell him the 
cruth,or elfe he would killher. She diftracted with feare, 
faid, without noting her owne words : Kill me not Sir, and I. 
willacquaiat you with things which conccrne you more 
then you can ynagine,. Say:quickly then , quoth e4nfelmo, 
or elfe thou fhale die, It will be impofsible , replied Leone-{ 
la,for me to fpeake any thing now I am} fo affrichted , but | 
piue merelpite till morning , and I will recount ynto you 
| things that will maruetloufly aftonial you, and imthé meane. 
; time reQ fecure’; that he which leaped out ofthe window is 
| @ young man of this citie,betwixtwhdn) andme hath paffed 
| a promife of marriage, eAxfelmo was fomewhat fatisfied 
| by chefe words,and therefore refolued to expect the terme: 
| which fhe had demaunded to open her mindes for hee did 
{ rot fufpect thac he fhould heare any ching of Camila,by rea- 
| fon that he was already fo aflured of her vertue 2 and fo de- 
parting out of the chamber, and fhucting vp Leoneda therin, 


| threatning her withall that fhe fhould neuer depart thence, 
| votill fhe had {aid all that fhe promifed te reueale ynte him. 


Ty 


—_————. ~~ —— 


* a oe . 


Ga Cee 


Ca RT.4e wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


He went prefently to Cansi/a to tell vnto her all chat whic 
his mayden had faid,and the promife fhe had paffed , to dif- 


| clofe greater and more important things; whether Camila |. 


hearing this, were perplexed orno, Ileaueto the difcreete 
readers iudgement: for fuch was the feare which fhe con- 
ceiued,beleeuing certainely (as it was tobe doubted) that 
Leonela would tellto eA nfelme all chat the knew of her dif 
loyalty,as fhe had not the courage to expect and fee whe- 
ther her furmife would become fall or no: but the very 
fame night as foone as fhe perceiucd Anfe/moto be afleepe, 
gathering together her beft iewels and fome money, fhe dc- 
parted out of her houfe vnperceiued of any,and-went to Lo- 
tharios lodging,to whom the recounted al that had pafl,and 
requefted bim eyther to leaue her in fome fafe placc,or both 
of them to depart to fome place , where they might liue fe- 
cure out of eAnfelmes reach. The confufion that (Camila 
Rrucke into Lethario,was fuch,as he knew not what to fay, 
and much leffe how torefoluc himfelf what he might do.But 
at laft he determined ta carie Camilatoa Monaflery wherin 
his Gficr was Priorefle ;to:which thee: eafily condifcended, 
and therefore Lashario departed, and left her thete with all 
the fpeed that the cafe required, and did alfo abfent himfelfe | 
prefently from the citie,wichoutacquainting any body with 
hisdeparture, - : | 

_eAnfelme as foone as it.was day, without heeding the ab- 
fence of his wife,arofe and went to the place where he had 
{hut vp Leonela, with defire to know-of her what fhe had 
promifed to acquaint him withall : he opened the chamber 
dore and entred, but could finde no body therein , but fome 
certaine fheets knit together, & tied tothe window as a cer- 
taine figne how Leenela had made. an efcape by that way. 
Wherfore he rewened very fadde , to tell to Camila the ad- | 
venture; but when he could neither finde her at bedde, nor 
in the whole houfe, he remainedaftonied , and demaunded 
for her of his feruants,but none of them could tell him any 


thing, Andashefearchedforher, hee hapned to fee her 


Pew % 


96 | Theddlighfull fore the Panet 


‘| told him how their mafter was departed the very fame night 


cofers lye open, and moft of her jewels wanting, and 
heerewithall fell into the true account of bis diferace , 
and that Leenela was not the caufe of. his misfortune, 
and fo departed out of his boufe fadde and peniie, e- 
uenas hee was, haife ready and vnapparelled to hi friend. 
Lotharios , to recount ynto him his difafter : bue when hee | 
found him to bee likewife abfented , and that the feruants 


_and had borne away with himail his money, hee was ready 
to runne ont of his wits. Andtocenclude, hee returnéd to 
his owne houfe againe wt-erein he found no creature , man 
or woman, for all his folke were departed ,.and had left the 
houfe alone and defert: he knew not what he might chinke, 
fay , or doe, and then hisaudgemenc beganne to faile him, 
There he did contemplate and behold hintelfein an inflant, 
withouta wife, a friend, and feruants s abandoned ‘(to his 
feeming) of heauen that couered him; and chiefly withoue 
honour, for hee clearly noted hisowne perdition in Camsi/ss 
crime. Inthe.end he refolued,after he had bethought him- 
{elfe a great while.to gae to his friends Village Wherein hee 
had beene all the while that hee afforded the leifuré tocon- 
triue that difafler, and fo fhutting vphis houfe, he mounted 
a horfe-backe ,-and ‘rode away in languifhing and dolefull 
wife. And {carce had he ridden the balfe way-when he was 
fo hercely affaulted by his thoughts, as:-hee wasconftrained 
to alight, andcying his horfe to atree, he leaned himfelfe to | 
thetrunke thereot, and breathed ‘our. a thoufand pitiful 
and dolourous fighes : and there hee abode vatill it was al. 
inoft night; about which houre hee efpi¢d'a man to come 
from the Cittie a harfe- backeby-the fame way, and having 
faluced him, he demaunded of ‘hin whacrkewes he brought . 
from Florencia ? the Cittizen replyad chet the (trangeflt that 
| had bapned there many a day, for it is there reported publik- 
ly that Letharto che great friend of the rich man, hath car- 
ricd away thelaid Amfe/mos wife Camila this mpht, forfhee | 
| salfo miffing, all which a waitiig maidéot Canslas hah 


grata 


N\ 


PaART.4. Wittie Knight Don- Quixote. ! 39 7 


confeft, whoin the gouernour apprehended yefternight , as 
fhee flipt downe at a window by a paire of fheets,out of the 
faid Anfelmos houfe, | knownot particulary the truth ofthe 
aftaire, but well I wote, that all the Cittie is amazed atthe 
accident, for fuch a fact would not bee as much as furmifed, 
from the great and familiar amitie of chem two, which was 
fo much, as they were called thetwofriends. Is it perhaps 
yet knowen, quoth e4n/elmo, which way Lothario and Ca- 
mila haue taken ?in vo wife replyed the Cittizen, although 
the Gouernour hath vfed all poffible diligence to finde them |. 
out.’ Farewell'then good Sir, {aid Anfelmo; and with you 
Sir, faid the trauailer, and fo departed. | & 
With thefe fo vnfortunate newes poore Anfelmo arrived | 
‘ | not only to termes of loofing his wits , but alfa welnigh of j. 
loofing bis life :and therefore arifing as well as he mighr,he 
came to his friends houfe, who had heard nothiny yet of his 
difprace 5 but perceiuing him to arrive; fo wanne, pyned 
anddried vp, he prefently coniectured chat fome grieuous e- | 
uill affiicted him. -Anfelmo requcited him prefently that hee 
might be carried to his chamber, and prouided of paper and J. 
inke to write withall ; all was done, and he left at bed, and | 
alone, for fo he defired them; and ‘alfo that the dore fhould 
bee fattlocked: and being alone the imagination of his mif. 
fortune gaue him fucha terrible charge, as he clearely per- | 
ceiued that his life would fhortly faile him,and therefore re- 
_folued to eaue notice of the caufe of his fuddaine and vnex- |. 
pected death: and therefore he beganne to write it, but be- | 
fore hee could fet an endto his difcourfe, his: breath failed; | 
and yeelded vp his life into the hands. of forrowe which his 
impertinent curiofitie had flirred vp in him. The Gentleman 
of the houfe feeing that it grew late, and that e4nfelmohad | 
not called,determined to enter and kaow whether his indif- | 
pofition paffed forward sand hee found him lying on his | 
face, with halfe of his body in the bed , and the other halfe 
leaning on the table whereon hee lay , with a writteo paper 
ynfolded ; and held the pen alfo yet in his hand... His Hoft | 


S nee 


: 


398 


The delight{ull Hifforie of the PaRt.4. 


drew neare vnto him, and firft of all hauing called him, hee 


tooke himby the hand: and feeing that hee -anfwered not, 
and that ic was cold, he knew that he was dead: and preatly 
perplexed and gricued thereat, hee called in his people that 
they might alfo be witneffes of the difaftrous fuccefle of 4x- 
felmo : and after all he tooke the paper and read it, which he 
knew to bee written with his owne hand, the fubftance 
whereof was this : 

A foolifh and ag hw defire hath disfoiled msec of hf. 
Uf the newes of my death foal arrine to.Camila , let her alfa 
know that I doe pardow ber , for fhee was not bound tewerke 
miracles; nor bad I anyngede to defire that fhee foould worke 
thems, And feeing F was the builder and contriner of mine owne 
difkonour, there is noveafon, : 

Hitherunto did Anfclme write, by. which it appeared, 
that his life ended in that point ere he could fet an end tothe 


reafon he was to giue. The next day infuing,the Gentleman | 


his friend, acquainttd Axfelmos kinsfolke with his death : 
the which had already knowledge of his misforeune, and al- 
fo of the Monafterie whercin Cassile had retyred her {elfe, 


being almoft intermes to accompany her husband in thar 


forcible voyage; not forthe newes of his death, but for 
priefe of others which fhe had receiued of her abfent friend, 
It is faid that although fhee was a widdow, yet would fhee 
neither depart out of the Monafterienor become a religious 
woman, vntill thee had receiued within a few dayes after 
newes how Lothario was flaine in a battaile giuen by CAon- 


Cordoua, In the Kingdome of Naples : and chat was the 
end of the late repentant friend, the which being knowen to 
Camila fhe made a profefhion,and fhortly after deceafed be- 
tweene the rigorous hands of forrow and melancholic, 
and this was the end of chem all, {prung froma rath and in- 

confideratebeginning, , ee 
This novell, qaoththe Curate, having read it is a prettic 
one, but yet cannot perfwade my felfe that ic istrue; and 
if 


{ 


'| freur de Lautrec to the great Captaine Goncalo Fernandez of | 


PART.4. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


Which treates of many rare fucce(fes , befallen in the 
Inne. | 


ifit be a fiction, the authourerred therein, for it cannot bee 
imagined, that any husband would be fo foolifh, as to make 
focoftly an experience as did Axfelmo, Butif this accident 
had beene devifed betwixt a Gentleman and his loue, then 
were it poffible, but being berweene man and wife, it con- 
taines fomewhat that is impoffible and valikely : but yet I 
can take no exception apainft the manner of recounting 
thereof. . 


Crap. IX. 


PEED Hillt they difcourfed thus, the Inkeeper who 
#/§ {tood all the while at the dore , faid , heere 

F coines a faire troupe of guefts : and if they 
afer, willhere alight , wee may fing Gandcamus, 
BOC Wharfolke is it, quoth Cardenis , foure men 
ke, quoth the Hoff, and ride gennet wife, with 
launces and targets , and maskes on their faces , and with 
them comes likewife a woman apparelled in white, in a fide 
faddle, and her face alfo masked : and two lackgys that run 
with chem afoote : are they neare, quoth the Curate ? fo |. 
neare, replyed the Inkeeper,as they do now arrive. Dorotes | 
hearing him fay fo,couered her face, and (ardemso entred 
into Don-Quixotes Chamber, and {carce had they leifure to 
doe it, when the others of whom the Hoft {pake,entred into 
the Inne : and the foure horfemen allighting, which were all 
of very comely and gallant difpofition, they went to helpe 
downe the Lady that rode in the fide faddle, and one. of 
them taking her downce in his armes, did feat her ina chaire | 
that ftood at the chamber dore,into which Cardenio had en- 
tred,and all chis while neither{hee nor they, tooke off their 
maskes , or fpake a word, onely the Gentlewoman at her 
' Dd fittine 


400 


and perfwaded vs to goe with them vato e4ndaluzia, pro- 


be 


The delightfull Hiflorie of the Paxr.4. 


fitting downe in the chaire breathed forth a very deep figh, 


and let fall her armes like a ficke and difmayed perfon, The 
Lackeyes carried away their herfes to the flable. Mafter Cu- 
rate feeing and noting all this, and curious to know what 
they were thatcame to the Inne in fo vnwonted an attyre, 
and kept fuch profound filence therein,went tothe Lackcies 
and demaunded of one of them that which hee defired to 
know. Who anfwered him , In good faith Sir I cannot tell 

ou what folke this is, only this 1 Giiow » that they feemeto 
be very Noble, but chiefly hee that went and tooke downe 
the Ladie in his armes that you fee there: and this I fay be- 
canfe all the others doe refpe& him very much, and nothing 
isdone, but what hee ordaines and commaunds. And the 
Ladie, what is fhee , quoth the Curate ? Icanas hardly in- 
forme you, quoth the Lackey, for I have not once feene her 
face in all this iourney, yet ] haue heard her often grone and 
breathe out fo profound fighes,as it feemes fhee would yiue 


_vp the Ghoft at euéry one of them; and it isno maruaile | 
chee wee fhould know no more, then. wee haue faid, for my | 


companion and my felfe haue beene in their companie but 
two dayes : for they incountred vs onthe way and prayed 


mifing that they would recompence our paines largely. And 
ha(t choo heard them name one another, faid the Curate ?no 
truly anfwered the Lackey, for they all crauaile-with fuch fi- 
lence, asit is a wonder, for you fhallheare not a word a. 


mong them , but the.ighes and throbs of the poore Ladie, | 


whick doe moue in vs very great compafison , and wee doc 
ail a per{wade our (etues that fhee is forced, where- 
ocuer fhee goes , and as it may bee collected by her attyre 


fhee isa Nunne, or as is moft probable goesto be one, and } 


perhaps fhee goeth fo forrowfull as it feemes , becaufe fhee 


hath nodefire to become religious. It may very well be fo, |. 


quoth the Curate ; and fo leauing them hee returned to the 
place where he had left Dorotea , who hearing the difsuifed 
Ladic to figh fo often mooued by the natiue -apaiton of 


that} - 


Partd. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


chat fexe, drew neare her and faid, what ailes you good Ma- 


dame? I pray youthinke ifit be any of thofe inconueniences 
to which women bee fubieét, and whereof they may haue 
vie and experience to cure them, I doe offer ynto you my 
{eruice , affiftance, and good will, tohelpe you as much as 
lies in my power, To all thofe complements the dolefull La- 
die anfwered nothing , and although Dorotea made her a- 
gaine larger offers of her feruice , yet ftood fhee euer filent 
vntill the bemasked Gentleman (whom the Lackey faid the 
reftdid obay) came ouer and {aid to Dorotes : Ladie doe not 
trowble your felfe, to offer any thing to that woman,for fhee 
is of amofi ing¢atefullnature , and is neuer wont to gratifie 
any curtefie, nor dee you fecke her to anfwere ynto your 


-demaunds,if you would not heare fome lie from her mouth.I 


neuer {aid any(quoth the filent Lady)but rather becaufe] am 
fo trac & fincere without guiles, I am now drowned here in 


thofe misfortunes, & af this I would haue ry felfe beare wit- ' 
° 


nes,feeing my pure truth makes thee to be fo falfe & difloyal. 
Cardenio oucrheard thefe words very cleere and diflin&- 

ly, as one that ftood fo neere ynto ber that faid them, as one- 
ly Don- Qusxotes chaniber doore ftood betweene them, and 
inftantly when he heard them he faid with a very loud voice, 
ood Ged, what is this that I heare? what voyce is this that 
hath couched mine eare? The Ladie moued with a fodaine 
paffion turned her head at thofe outcties, and feeing thee 
could not perceive him that gaue them, the got vp, and 
would hauc entred into the reome, which the Gentleman ef- 
pying, withheld her, and would not let her flirre out of the 
place:and with the alteration and fodaine motion the maske 
fell off her face, and fhe difcouered an incomparable beautie, 
and an angelicall countenance , although it was fomewhat 
wanne and pale, and turned heere and there with her eies to 
cuery place fo eatnefily as fhe feemed to be diflra&ted: which 
motions without knowing the reafon why they were made, 
Arucke Doretes andthe reft that beheld her into very great 
compaffion. The Gentleman held her very firongly tatl by 

Tr, Pe ek — 


401 


The delight{ull Hifforie of the Parr. 4. 


‘the fhoulders , that hee more or his owne face that 
was falling , and was fo bufied therein, as hee could not 
boldvp the maske, as it did inthe end wholy: Dorotes 

who had likewife embraced the Ladie, lifting vp her eyes by 

chance, faw thathe which did alfo embrace the Ladie was 

her {poufe Don Fernando : and f{carce had the knowne him 

when breathing out along and moft pitifull 4/45 ftom the 
bottome of her heart fhe fell backward inatrance. And if 
the Batber had not bin by:gond hap at hand, fhe would haue 
falne onthe ground withall the waight of her bodie : rhe 
Curate prefently repaired to take off che vaile of her face, 
and caft water thereon,& as foone ashe did difcouer it, Dow 
Fernande,who was he indeed that held faft the other, knew 
| her, & looked like a dead man as foone as he viewed her, but . 
did notall his let go Lufemda,who was the other whom he 

held fo faft, and that laboured fo much to efcape out of his 
hands. Cardenie \ikewile heard the A/asthat Dorotea (aid, 
| when fhe fell into a trance, and belceuing that it was his La- 
[cinda,\{fued- out of the chamber hea altered, and the firft 
he efpied was Don Fernande which held Lafcinda falt ; who 
forthwith knew him: and all the three , L#/cisda, Cardento, 
and Deretea ftood dumbe and amazed, as folke that knew 
not what had befalne vato them. Allof chein-held their 
peace,and beheld one another. Dororea-looked on Don Fer- 
nando. Don F ernando6n Cardenio,( ardenio on Lucinda ,and 
Lufcinda againe on Cardenio: but Lx{cinda was the firlt that 
broke filence, {peaking ‘to Dow Fernando in this manner. 
Leaue me off Lord Fernando, I coniure thee, by that thou 
| fhouldeft bee, for that which thou art; if thou wilt not doe 
it for any other refpect: let mecleaue to the wall, whofe Iuic 
]am,te the fupporter from whom neither thy importunities 
nor threats,promifes or gifts could once deflect mee. Note 
how heauen by vnufuall,wnfrequented, and from vs cencea- 
. w|led waies, hath fet my true fpoufeibefore mine eyes: and 
| thou doeftknow well bya thoufand coftly experiences, that 
onely death is potent to blot forth his remembrance out of 


owead a ae lee Py eens i om PEP Y ae p | Pras, (See tt. ff an meet mn oD y don 


PAR T.4- wittie Knight Dow. Quixote. 


thou muftdoenone other) to conuert thine affliction intro 


rage, and thy good will into defpight, and there withall end 


my life, for if I may render vp the ghoft in the prefence of my 


deere fpoufe, I fhall account it fortunately left. Perhaps by 
my death he will remaine fatisfied of the faith,which I euer 
kept fincere towards him, vnuill the lafi period of my life. B 

thistime Dorotea was come toherfelfe, and liflned to moft 
of Lufcindas reafons, and by them came to the knowledge 
ofher {clfc:but feeing that Don Fernandodidnot yct let her 


deparc from betweenc his armes, nor an{were any thing to. 


her words: encouraging her felfe the beft chat fhe might, fhe 


arofe, and kneeling at his feete, and fhedding a number of 


Criftall and penetrating teares fhe {poke'to him thus. 


If ic benot fo my Lord ,that the beames of that Sunne. 


which thou holdeftecclipfed betwene thine armes , doc dar- 
ken and depriue thofe of thine eyes, thou mighteft haue by 

| this perceiued how fhe that is proftrated atthy feet isthe vn- 
| fortunate ( vntill thou thalt pleafe) and the diftaftrous De- 
rotéa. Yamthat poore humble countriwoman, whoin thou 
_eyther through thy bountie, or for thy pleafure didft deigne 
| to raife to thar height that fhe might callchee herowne, I 
; amfhe which fometime immured within the limits of hone- 
| fie did lead a moft contented life, vitil it opened the gatcs of 
| her recolle tion and wearineffe, to thine importunitic, and 
| feeming iufl, and amorous requefis , and rendred vp to thee 
the keyes of her liberty, a greefe by thee fo ill recompenfed, 
as the finding my {elfe info remote a place as this : where- 
in you hatte met with'mee, and I feene you, may cleerely te- 
Aifte, but yet forall this, I would not have you to imagine 
that I come heere guided by difhonourable fteps being onely 
hither conducted by the tracts of dolour, and fecling to fcc 
my felfe thus forgotten bythee, It was thy will,that 1 fhould 
be thine owne, and thou didft defire it in fuch a manner, as 
alchough now thou wouldft not haue ic fo,yet canft not thou 

| poffibly leaue off tabe mine. Know mydcare Lord that the 
‘ matchicfle affection that] doe beare towards thee, may rer 
Dd 3 | com- 


404, 


The delightfull Hiflorie of the Parr.g, 


whom thou due{t abandon mee. Thou canft not be the beau- 
tifull Lu{cind.s, becaufe thou art mine : nor fhe thine, for as 
much as fhe belongs to Cardenio, and ic willbe more eafier, 
if you will note it well, to reduce thy will to loue her 
that adores thee , thento addrefle hers that hates thee, 
to beare thee affection: Thou diddeft follicite.my wretchief- 
neffe; thou prayed{t to mine integrtie , and waft not igno- 
rantof my qualjtie: chou knoweft alfo very well vpon what 
termes I fubiedted my felfe to thy will, fo as there remaines 
no place, nor colour to terme it a fraud or deceit, And all 
this being fo, as in veritie it is,and chat thou becit as Chriflian 
as thou art noble, why doeft thou with thefe fo many ynto- 
ward wreathings dilace the making of mine ende happy, 
whofe commencement thou diddeft sJluQtrate fo much ? and 
if thou wilt not haue me for what I am, who am thy true and 
lawfull {poufe; yet at leafttake and aduait mice for thy flaue, 


1 for fo that I may be in chy poffeffion,I will account my felfe 


happy and forcunate, Doe nat permit that by leaving and 
abandoning mee, meetings may be made to difcourfe of my 
difhonour.Doe not vexe thus the declining yeares of my pa- 
rents, fecing that che loyall feruices which thcy euer haue 
done as vaflailes tothine , deferue not fo honeft a recom- 
pence. And if chow cfteemeft chat thy bloud by medling with 
mine fhall be flayned .or embafed: confider how fewe 
Noble howfcs or rather none at all are there in the 
world, which hauc not-runne the fame way: and that the wo- 
mans fideis not effentially requifice for the illu@rating of 
noblecefcents, how much more, feeing that true nobilitie 
confills in vertue , which if it fhall wantin thee by reftsfing 
that which thou oweft mee fo iuflly, Ufhall reasaine with ma- 
ny more deerces ‘af nobilitie chen thou fhalt. And in con- 
celufion thae which I wall laftly fay is, that whether chou wile 
orno lamthy wife, the witneffes are thine owne words, 
which neither fhould aor ought ro lie, if thou doef! prize thy 
felfe of chat for whofe want thou defpifeftmee, Witneffe fhall 

~~ alfo 


- Se 


eee IERIE REREEEREREEEE a 
compen(e and be equiualent to her beautie and nobilitie, for 


ea 


PaRrt.4. wittre Knight Don-Quixote, — 


alfobe chine own hand writing Witnefie heauen which thon 


didttinvuoke to b2are witneli2 of chae which chou didft pis. | 
P 


mife vnto mce: and when all this fhall taile, thy very contci- 
ence fhall neuer fayle from vfing clamours bie Glentin 
thy mitth and turning for shis truth, which Ihaue faid to 
thee nowy fhall trouble thy greate(} pleafure and cclight. 
Thefe and many other like reafons did the fweetely gric- 
ued Derathea vfe with {uch feeling and abundance of tearcs, 
as all thofe that were prefent , as well fuch as accompanied 
Don Fernando,as alfo the others that did accompany her. 
Don Fernando \iftened to her without replying a word, vail] 
fhe had ended her fpeech , and given beginning to fo many 
fighesand fobs,asthe heart that could indure to behalde 
them without mouing , were harderthen braffe. Lafcinda 
did alfo regard her, no lefle compafsionate. af her forrow 
chen admired at her difcrction and beauti¢ : and ‘athough 
‘fhe would have approched to her,and vfcd fome confolatur 
rie wordes,yet was fhe hindred by Den. Fernandoes armcs , 
which held her fill embraced 5 who full. of confufion and 
marucll, after fhe had flood very attentiuely beholding Do- 
roteaa good while,epening his armes,and leauing Lafcinda 
frec,faid, Thou haft vanquifhed ; O beautifull Dovorea,thou 
haftvanquifhed me. For itis not poffible to refift or cenie 
fo many vnited cruthes, Lucida through her former 
traunce and weakenefle, as Dow Fernando \ctt her was like 
to fall, if (ardenso who ftood behinde Dow Fernando all the 
while,lefthe fhould be knowne, fhaking offall feare and in- 
dangering his perfon , hadnot ftarted forward to flay her 
from falling ,and clafping her fweetly betweene his armes, 
he faid, if pittifull heauen be pleafed, and would haue thee 
nowat laf take fome eafe my loyall ,conftant and beautifull 
ladie,] prefume that thou cant not'pofleffe it more fecurely, 
then betweene thefe armes which doe now receitie thee , as 
whilome they did when ferture was pleafed,that I might 
callthee mine own:and then Lajfcinda firft feucring her cye- 
lids,beheld Cardenio,and hauing firfttaken notice of him by 
Dd 4 his 


pe 


ee — 


SOF | 
i 


ne 


re a ee ee eee 


oe 0 eee 


0 6 The delightfull Hiftorie of | the P AR &.4. 


his voyce,& confirmed it againe by her fight, like one quite 
diffracted, without farther regarding modeft refpce&s,fhecaft |. 
| both her arms about his neck,& ioyning her face to his,faid; 
yea,thon indeed art my Lord: thou, the true owner of this 
poore captiue,howfocuer aduerie fortune fhall thwart it, or 
this life,which is only fuflained and lives by thine, be cuer fo 
| rauch chretned. This was a maruellous {pectacle to Don Fir- 
| mando,& all the reft of the beholders, which did vniuerfaily 
adinire at this fo vnexpected an event: and Dorotes percei- 
uing Don Fernandato oe color,as one refoluing to take 
reuenge on Cardenio,for he had fet hand ta his {word;which 
the coriecturing did with maruellous expedition kneele,and 
catching holde on his legges,kifsing them, the ftrained them 
with fo louing embracements ashe could not ftirre out of 
the place and then with hereyes ouerflowen with tearcs, 
faid vnto him: what meaneft thou to doe my onely refuge 
in this vnexpected traunce ? Thou hafl hecre thine owne 
fpoufe at thy fcete,and her whom thou wouldcft faine pof 
fefle, is betweene her owne husbands armes : iudge then 
whether it become thee, oris athing pofsible to diffolue 
that which heauen hath knie, or whether it be any wife 
laudable to indeauour to raife and equall to thy felfe her, 
who contemaing all dangers and inconueniences, and con- 
firmed in faith and conflancy,doth in thy prefence bathe her 
eyes with amorous liquor ofher true loues face and bofom. 
I defire thee for Gods fake,and by thine owne worths , I re- 
quett thee chat this fo notorious a verity may not onelyaf- 
{wage thy choler,butalfo diminith icin fuch fort, as thou 
| mayclt quietly & peaceably permit thofe two louers to cn- 
ioy their defires without any encumbrance, all the time that 
heauen fhall graunt itto them: and herein thou fhalt fhew 
the generofitie of chy magnanimous and noble breaft, and. 
giue che world to vaderftand how reafon preuaileth in thee, 
and domiinereth ouer paffion. All the time that Doretea 
{poke thus to Dow Fernando, although Cardenio held Lufcin- 
da betweenc his armes yet did he neuer take-his eye Of Don 
ee . Fernando 


a a a 
Fernande,with refolution,that if he did {ee him once ftir in his 


| lydeath could fewer Lafcinda fromher (ardenio. And that 


|} which doth helpe to raife, or vnite it to himfelfe.And when 


— 


-PaR +4. wittie Knight Don- Quixote. | 4 O07 


preiudice,he would labour both todefend himfelfe,& offend 
his aduerfary,& all thofe that fhould ioine with him to dohim 
any harme as much as he could, although it were with the reft 
of his life:but Dom Fernandes friends, the Curate and Barber 
who were prefent and faw all chat was pa(t repayred in the 
meane feafon, without o:nitting the 001 Sancho Panca,and 
all ofthemtogethercompatled Do» Fernande,intreating him 
to haue regard of the beautifull Doroteas teares, and it being 
true(as theybelecued it was)which the had faid he fhould not 
permit her to remain defrauded of her fo iufl & lawful hopes, 
And that he fhould ponder how it was not By chance,but ra- 

ther by the particular prouidence and difpofition of the. hea- 
uens,that theyhad al metrogether fo vnexpectediy.And that 
he fhould remember as Matter Curate faid very wel, that on- 


although the edge of a {word miyhtdeuide and pare thtma 
funder, yet in that cafethey would account their death moll 
happie, and that in irremedileffe euents, it was higheft pru- 
dence, by raining and oucrcomming himfelfe to thew a o¢- 
nerotis minde, permitting that he mivht conquer his owne 
will they two fhou'd joy that good, which heauen had alrea. 
die granted to them, and that he fhould convert his cyes to 
behold the beautieof Dorotea, and he fhould fee that few or 
none could for feature paragon with her; and much leffe | 
excel] her, andthathe fhould confer her humilitie and ex: * 
treme loue which fhe boreto him, with her other indow- 
ments ,and principally that if he gloried in the titlesof No- 
bilitie or Chriftianitie, hee could not doe any other ther ac- 
complith the promife that he had pafl to her : and that by 
fulfilling it, hee fhould pleafe God, and fatisfie difcrect per- 
fons, which know very well, how it is a {peciall prerogatiue 
of beautie, though it be in an humble and meane fubiect , if 
it bee conforted with modeftie and vertue, to cxalt and e- 
quail ic felfeto any dignitie, without difparagement of him 


the | 


- 


eee a eR eS 
4.08 | The delightfull Hiflovie ofthe Pant.g. 


the ftrong lawes of delight are accompliflicd (fo that there 
intercurre no finne in the acting thereof) hee is nog to bee 
condemned which doth follow them. Finally, they added 
to thefe reafons , others fo many and forcible, that the vale- 
rous brealt of Dow Fernando (as commonly all thofe thac 
are warmed and nourifhed by Noble bloud are wont) 
was mollified, and permitted it felfe to bee vanquifhed 
by that.cruth which he could not denie though hee would : 
and the token that hee gaue of his being ouercome, was 
to ftoupe downe and imbrace Doretea, faying vnto her, 
asife Ladie, for it is not iuft that fhee bee proftrated at my 
feete ; whofe Image I haue erected in my minde, and if I 
haue not hitherto giuen demonftrations of what I nowe 
auerre, it hath perhaps befallen through the difpofition of 
| heauen , to the end that I miyhtby noting the conttancie 
and faith wherewithall thou dott affect me, know after how 
to valewe’ and efleeme thee according vato thy merits; 
and that which in recompence thereof I dae intreate of thee 
is that thou wilt excufe in me mine ill maner of preceeding, 
and exceeding carelefnefle in repaying thy good will, Fer 
the very occalion and violent paflions that made me to ac- 
cept thee as mine, the very fame did alfo impell me againe 
notto be thine: and for the more verifying of mine afferti- 
on,dae but once behold the eyes of the now contented Lw- 
femnda and thou. maycftreade in them a thoufand excufes for 
mine errour: and feeing fhe hath found and obtained her 
hearts defire: and I hauein thee alfo porten what is moft 
conuenient ; for I with fhe may liue fecurely and ioyfully, 
many and happy yeares with her Cardenio,for I will pray the 
fame,that it willlicenfe meto enioy my beloued Dorotea: 
and faying fo,he embraced her againe,and ioyned his face to 
hers with fo loucly motion, ssitconftrayned him to holde 
watch oucr his teares , leaf violently burfting forth, they | 
fhould giue doubtleffe arguments of his feruent loue, and 
retnarfe, | 
Cardenio,Lufcmda, and almoft all the ref, couldnot doe 
| fo, 


Pak 1.4. wittie Knight Don- Quixote. 


aac 


fo, for the greater number of them fhed fo many teares,fome | 


for their private contentment, and others for their friends, 
as it feemcd,that fome grievous and heauy misfortune had 
betided them all : cuen very Sancho Panca wept , although 
he excufed it afterward, faying, that he wept onely becaufe 
that he faw that Dorotea was notthe Queene CMicomicona 
as he had imagined , of whom he hoped to haue recciued fo 
great gifts and fauours. The admiration and teares ioyned, 
indured in them all for a pretty fpace, and prefencly after 
Cardenio and Lufcinda went and kneeled to Don Fernanda, 
yeelding him thankes for the fauour that hee had done to 
them,with fo courteous complements, as he knew not what 
toanfwere; and therfore lifted them vp,and embraced them 
with very great affection and kindeneffe; and prefently af- 
ter he demautded of Dorotea how fhe came to that place, 
{o farre from her owne dwelling? And fhe recounted vnto 


him all that fhe had telde to Cardexio: whereat Don Fernan- | 


do and thofe which came with him tooke fo great delight as 
they could haue wifhed that her ftory had continued a lon- 
ger time in the telling then it glid ,fo great was Dorotezs 
prace infetting out of her misfortunes, And as foone as fhe 
had ended, Dow Fernande toltde sll that had befalne himin 
the Citie , after thathe hadfound the fcroule in Lufcimdas 
bofome,wherein fhe declared (ardenioto be her husband; 
and that he therefore could not marry her , and alfo how he 
attempted to kill her,and would haue done it, were it not 
that her parents hindred him,and that he therefore departed 
out of the houfe full of fhame and defpite, with refolution to 
reuenge himfelfe more commodioufly ; and how he vnder- 
ftoodthe next day following howL a/cinda was fecretly de- 
parted from: her fathers houfe, and gone no body knew 
where;but that he finallylearned within afew moneths after 
that fhe had entred into a certain Monaflery ,with mrention 
to remain there all the daies of her life, if fhe could not paffe 
them with Cardenio: and that as foone as he had learned 


that,choofing thofe three Gentlemen for his aflociates heey}. 
came | 


ce a a a eg 
| AL 'e) The delightfull History of the PAR Tie | 
FE cca |S Als eR eee en eee mn ney 


came tothe place where fhe was, but would not fpeake to 

her, fearing leftshat as foone as they knew of his being there 

they would increafe the guardes of the Monaftery,and ther- 

fore expected vatill he found on a day the gates of the Mo- 

naftery open ; and leauing twoof his fellowes to kecpe the 

\ doore,he with the other entred into the Abbey in Lxfcindas 

fearch,whom they found talking with a Nunne in the Cloy- 

fler,and {natching her away er’e fhe could retire her felfe, 

- they brought her toa certaine village, where they difguifed 

—{ | themfelues in that fore they were; for fo it was requifite for 

to bring her away. All which they did with the more facili- 

| tysthat che Monaftery was feated abroad in the ficlds,a good 

Dy way from any village. He likewifetold , that as fooneas 

| Dafeinda faw her {clfe in his power, the fell into a found,and 

thar after fhe had returned to her felfe , fhe neuér did any o- 

i ther ching but weepeand figh, without {peaking a word; 

andthat in that manner, accompanied with filence and 

: teares,they had arriued to that Inne , which was to him as 

\X gratefull as an arriuall to heauen , wherein all earthly mif- 
: : ha-sare concluded and fiaifhed, 


DN 


x 


~ Cuap. X. 


Ne 
| wherein is profecuted the Historie of the famous:Prin- 
\ J ceffe Micomicona, with other delightfull aduentures. 


Ancho gaue care to all this. with no {mall |. 
7h griefe of minde , feeing that all the hopes of 
6 his Lordfhipvanifhed away like fmoaké,and 
that the faire Princefle (Micomicona was 
IN EAE turned into Dorotea,and the Giant into Don 
Fernando, and that his Mafter flept fo found. 

ly and carelcffe of all that had hapned, Derotea could not 
yet affurc her felfe whether che happineffe that the poffef 
was adreame ,or no, Cardenio was in the very fametaking, 
and 


ee Soe as Oe Bea ne” a 


. 7 


Ge RO EE 


ICaRT.4. wittie Knight Dan-Quixote. Al 


=— 


a” 


€ 


and alfo Lufemdas thought,runne the fame race. Dow Fer 
nando ycel ied many thankes vnto heauen for hauirg dealt 
with hia fo propitioufly , and vnwinded him out of the in 

tricate Labyriath,whercin (traying, he wasat the point to 


haue loftat once his foule and credite, and finally,as many as | 
] were in the Inne were very glad and ioyfull of the fuccefle 
of fo thwart, intricate , anddefperate affaires. The Curate | 


‘compounded and ordered all things through his difcretion, 
and congratulated cuery one of the good he obtained : but 
fhe that kept ereatclt /ub:lee andioy , was the Hoftefle for 


'-| the promife that (‘ardenio and the Curate had made to pay 


her the damages andharmes committed by Don- Duixote ; 


onely Sanchoas we haue faid, was afflited, vnfortunate and |: 


forrowfull. And thus he entred with melancholy femblance 
to his Lord, who did but then awake,and faid to him. 
Welland fecurcly may you fleepe Sir Knight of the hea- 
wie countenance,as Jone as it fhall pleafe your felfe , without 
troubling your felfe with any care of killing any Giant, or 
of reRloring the Queene to her Kingdome , for all is conclu- 
ded & done already. I belecue thee very eafily,replyed Don- 
Qaixete, tor] haue had the monftroufeft and moft terrible 
bactell with that Giane, that euerI thinke to haue all the 


dayes of my life with anys and yet with one thwart blow. 


thawacke I.ouerthrew his head tothe ground: and there if- 


{ued fo much bloud, as the ftreames thereof ran along the 


earth,as ifthey were of water, As if they were of red wine, 
you might better haue faid, replied Sancho Panca : for I 
would let you to vnderftand, if you know it not already, that 
the dead Giant is a bored wine bagge: and the bleud , fixe 
and thirty gallons of redde wine which it contained in his 
belly : the head chac-was flafhe off{o neatlyis the whoore 
my mother,and let the Diuell take alt away for me. And 
whatis this thou fayeft madde man( quoth Den-Quixste?) 
Art thou in thy right wits ? Get vp Sir (quoth Sancho ) and 
you your felfe thall fee the faire ftuffe you haue made, and 
what wehaueto pay, and you fhallbeholde the Queene 


tran{. 


43 | 


ahrgfvoue 


f 


wi 


~ 


y- rere lp: 


on 


‘~ 


The delight{ull Hiflorie of the PaRrt.4: 


transformed into a particular Ladic called Doretes, witho- }- 
ther fucceffes,which if you may once conceive them aright, 
will {trike you into admiration,! would maruell at nothing, 
quoth Don- Quixote , for if thou beeft well remembred, J 
tolde thee the other time that we were here, how all that 
fucceeded in this place, was done by inchantment,and what 
wonder then if now the like fhould eftfoones befall? I could 


| eafily be induced to beleeue all,replied Sancho, ifmy canuaf- 


fing in the Couerlet were of thatnature. Butindeed it was 
not,but moft reall and certaine. And I faw well how the 
Inkeeper that is here yet this very day aliue, held one end of 
the Couerlet,and did toffe me vp towards heauen with very 
good grace and ftrength, no leffe merrily then lightly : and 
where the notice of parties intercurs, I doe beleeuc, although 
IT ama fimple man,and a (inner, that there is no kinde of in- 
chantment, but rather much trouble, bruifing and misfor- 
tune. Well God will remedie all, {aid Den- Quixote, and giue 
me mine apparrell,for I will get vp and goe forth, and fee 
thofe fucceffes and transformations which thou {peakeft of, 
Sancho gaue him his clothes , and whilft be was a making of 


him readie, the Curate recounted to Don Fernanda andto 


the reft ,; Dow Onsxotes mad prankes, and the guile hee had 
vied to brin g him away out of the poore Rocke, whereimhe 
imagined that hee liued exiled thraugh the difdaine of his 
Lady. Hee told them moreouer all the other aduentures, 
which Sancha had difcoucred , whereat they did not laugh 
a little and wonder withall, becaufe it feemed to them all to 
bee ene of the extrauapantelt kinds of madnefie, chat euer 
befell a di@tracted braine. The Curate alfo added, that feeing 
the good fucceffe of the Lady Dorotes did impeach the far. 
ther profecuting of their defigne, that 1t was requilite to in- 
uent & finde fone other way, how to carry him home to his 
own village.( ardenio ofited himfelf to profecute the aduen- 
ture,& Lifcinda fhold reprefent Deroteas perfon ‘No,quoth 
Don Fernado it {hal not be fo,for I wi) haue Deroteato pro- 
fecute her own inuention.Forfothat the villageof this cood 
Gentleman be nor very farcffitem hence Twill be very olad 


PART.4. wittie Knight Don- Quixote. 


toprocure his remedy, It isno more then two daies iourney | 
from hence faid the Curate,wel though it were more replied 
Don Fernando} wold be pleafed to trauel them, in exchange 
of doing {0 good a worke. Don- Quixote {allied out at this 
time completely armed with ALambrinoshelmet , although 
with a great hole in it on his head, his target on his arme , & 
leaned on his Trunke or Jaueline:his ftrange countenance & 
gate amazed Don Fernandeand his companions very much, | 
feeing his iltauoured vifage fo withered and yealow,the ine- 
qualitie and infutability of his armes, and his graue manner 
of proceeding : and flood all filent to {ce whathe would: 
who calting his eyes on the beautifull Dorotea with very 
great gravity and ftayedneffe faid, : 
Jam informed ( beautifull Ladie) by this my Squire, that | 
your eteatneffe is annihilated, and your being deftroyed:for 
ofa Queeneand mightie Princefle which you were wont 
tebee, you are now become a particular Damzell: which | 
if ichath bene done, by particular order of the magicall king | 
| your fachef, dreading that I-would not be able to giue you 
the neceflarie and requifite helpe for your reftitution ; Ifay 
that he neither knew hor doth know the one halfeof the en- 
terprife, and that he was very little acquainted with Hifto- 
ries of chiualry, for if he had readthem, or pafled them o- 
ucr with fo great attention and leafure,as 1 haue done and 
read them, he fhould haue foundateuery other flep how o- | 
ther knights of a preat deale leffe fame then my felfe haue } 
ended mere defperate aduentures, {eeing it is net fo great a | 
amatter to kill a Giant be he ener foarrogant + for it is not 
many howres fince I my {elte fought with one, and what in- 
{ued I will not fay,leaft they fhould tell me that I doe lie,but 
time the detector of all things will difclofeit, when we do 
Jeaft chinke thereof, thou foughteft with two wine bagres, | 
and not with a Giant quoth the hoft at this feafon, but Do» | 
Fernando commaunded himto be filent and not interrupt 
D on- Quixotein any wife, who profecuted. his fpeech fay- 
ing. In fine] fay high and difenherited Ladic, that if your 


father | 


) ground, will fet yeur crowne on your owne head within a 


forthe conclufton of the goad fucccfle that I do howerly 


The delight full Hiflorie of the P art.4. 


father hath made this setamerpbofes in your perfon for the 
caufes related, giue him no credit: forthere is no perill fo- 
great on earth, but my {word (hall open a way through it, 
wherewithall I ouerthrowing your cnemies head to the 


tew dayes, Heere Don- Quixote held his peace,and awaited 
the Princeffes her anfwere, who knowing Don Fernandos 
determination and will, that fhe fhould continue the com- 
menced guile vitil Dox- Qaixote were carried home againe, 
an{wered with a very good grace and countenance in this 
manner, Whofoeuer informed you valorous Knight of the 
ill fanored face, that] haue altered and changed my being, 
hath not told you the truth: for I am the very fame today, 
that I was <Berday: true it is, chat fome vnexpedted, yet 
fortunate faccalles haue wrought fome alteration in me, by 
bellowing on me better hap, then I hoped for, or could with 
my felfe : but yet for allchat J haue not left off tobe chat 4 
which before, or to haue the very fame thoughts, which I 
cuer had, to helpe my felfe by the valour of your moft valo- 
rous and inuiacible arme. -And therefore I requeft youl good 
my Lord of your accuflomed bounty to returne my father 
his honour apaine, and account of him as of a very di(creete . 
and prudent man: {ceing that he found by this skill, foeafie 
and fo infalliblea way toredreffe my difgraces, For I doe 
certainly beleeue, that if ichad not beene by your-meanes, 
I fhould never hauc hapned to attaine to the good fortune, 
which now I poffeffe , as all chefe Noblemen prefent may 
witneffc: what therefore refts, is, thar to reorrow morning 
we coe {ct forward, for to day is now alreadie fo ouergone, 
as we fhould not be able to trauaile very farre from hence:as 


expect , I referre that to God, and the valour of your in- 

uincible arme. : | 
This much the difcreet Dorotea {aid,and-Don- Quixote ha- 
uing heagd her, he turned him co Sancho with very manifelt 
tokens of indignation and faid. Now I fay waco theélittle 
Sanche 


Parr.g- — wittie Knight Don-Quixote, 


Sancho, that thou art the verycftrafcall thacistn all Spasme : 
tell me theefe and vagabond, did{tnot thou but euen very 
now fay vnto me that this Princeffe wasturned into a Dam- 


415 


en, ee 


fell, and that called Dorotea? and that the heade which] + 


“thought I had flathed froma giants fhoulders,wasthe whore 
which bore thee? with a choufand other follies, which did 
plunge men into the greateft confufion that ever I was in, 
inmylife?_ Ivow (and then he looked vp en heauen, and 
did crath his teeth together ) that I am about to make fuch 
a wracke onthee, as fhall beate wit into the pates.of all the 
lying Squires that fhall ever hereafter ferue Knights errant 
in this world, I pray you haue patience good my Lord an- 
(wered Sancho, for it may very well befallimee, to be decei- 
] ued in that which toucheth the tranfmutation of the Ladie 
and Princefle CMicomicowa: butin that which concerneth 
the Giants head, or at leafi the boaring of the wine bagges, 
and that the bloud was but red wine, I am not deceiued ] 
fweare, For the bagges lie yet wounded there within at 
yaur owne beds head : and the red wine hath made a lake in 
the chamber : aud if itbee not fo, it fhall be perceiued at 
the frying of the egges, I meane that you fhall fee it, when 
Matter Inkeepers worfhip , who is heere prefent fhall de- 
maund the Joffe and dammage:] fay the Sancho quothDon- 
Ouixote that thou arta madcap,pardon me, and foit is e- 
| nough. Itis enough indeed quoth Don Fernando,and there- 
fore let me intreate you to fay no mote of this , and fecing 
my Ladie the Princeffe faies fhe will go away to morrow, 


{ecing it is now to late to depart to day, let it be fo agreed. 


on, and we will {pend this night in pleafanc difcourfes vntill 
the approach of the infuing day, wherein we will all accom- 
pany’and attend on the worthy Knight Sit Don--Quixote,be- 
cafe we would be eye-witnefles of the valorous and vo- 
matchable feates of armes,which he fhall doe in the purfuit 
of this waightie enterprize, which he hath taken vpon him: 
I am he that will ferue and accompany you cood my Lord 


| replyed Don- Quixote, and I oo highly oratifie the Ronse f 
= e 1: 


a 
cape es 


The delightfall Hiflorie of the Pant. 4, 


LL A cece, 
that ts done mee, and the good opinion thatisheld of me, 
che which I will indeuourto verifie and approoue , or it 
(hall coft mee my life, or more, if more it might coft 
mee. 
Many other words of comple ment and gratification paft 
betweene Don- Quixoteand D on Fernando: but a certaine 
paflenger impoted filence cothem all, by his arrivall to the 
Inne, in that very feafen, who by his attire fhewed that hee 
wasa Chri fianmnewly returned from among the Moores, 
for he was apparrelled with a fhort skirted caflocke of blew 
cloth, fleeues reaching downe halfe the arme, and without a 
coller ; his breeches were likewife of blewlinnen, and hee 
worea bonnet of thefamecolout, a payre of date colour 
buskins, and a Turkifh Cimitar hanging at his necke in a 
fcarfe: which went athwart his breaft, there entred after 
him riding on ati Affe a woman clad ikea Afoere, and her 
| face conered with a peece of the vaile of her head, fhe wore 
onhet head alittle cap ofcloath of gold, and was.couered 
with a licele Turkifh mantle, from the fhoulders downe to 
| the feete. The man was of [trong and comely making , of 
the age of fortie yeares or there abouts, his face was fome- 
_| what canned, he had long AZe/tagheos, ada very hanfome 
beard. Fo conclude ,his making was fuch as if he were well 
‘| attired, men would take him to be a petfon of quality, and | 
good birth - he demaunded a chamber 9s feone 4s hee had |. 
entred, and being anfwered that there was no one vacant |. 
in the Inne, he feemed to be grieved, and comming to her |. 
which in her attire devoted her felfe to be a ALoene,he tooke | 
her downe from her Affe. Laferda, Dorotes, the heftelic, 
her daughter, and AMaritornes., allured tobehoid the new 
and (range attire of the Afeove compafted her abour and 
“Dorotea,who was al waits moft precious, courtcous,and dif- 
creete, dceming that both fhe and her that had brought her 
were difcontented for the want of a lodging fhe faid, La- 
die be not grieved for the trouble you are heere like to en- 
‘dure for want of-meanesto reficth your felfe s Secing it is 
: anh: 


- ~. = 7 8 ae 
® 


| wherein fhe fate, and fetting 


Paar. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


| an voiuerfalland viuall vice of all. Innes to be defectiue here- 


in: yet nocwitbRtanding if itfhall pleafe you to pafle away 
the time among vs (pointing to Le/cinda) perhaps you haue 
retin the difcourte-of your trauels,other worfe places of in- 
tertainment then this fhail prove: The difguifed Lady made 
none anfwere,nor other ne then arifing from the place 
oth her hands a crofle on her 

bofome, fhe inclined her head,and bowed her bodie in figne 
thgt {he rendred them thanks: by her filence they doubrlefly 
.conietured her to bee a ‘ALoore, and that fhee could not 
fpeake the (affilian tongue. In this,the ¢aptiue arriued whe 
was otherwife Peleyen vaull chen, and feeing that they 
all had inuironed her that came with him,and that fhe made 
no an{wereto their fpeech,he faid. Ladies this maiden {carce 
_vaderftands my tongue yet,nor doth fhe know any other thé 
that of:her owne-countrey, and therefore the hath not, nor 
can make anyanfwere tp your demaunds: We dmaundno- 
thing of her quoth, Lajcisde, but onely doe make her an 
"offer of our compan:es for this night, and part of her roume 
where.we qur felues fhall be accommodated, where fhe fhall 
_be-cherifhed vp as guch as the commodity of this place,and 
the Obligatio wherin webe tied to fhewcourtefigs to firan- 
_gers that nay want it, doe binde vs, efpecially fhe being a 
woman,to whom we may do this feruice Sweet Lady I kiffe 
your hands bath for her & my felfc replied the captiue, and 
‘I dohighly prize,as.it-deferueth the fauour you haue pro- 
fered, whichin fuch an occafion,& offted by fuch perfons as | 


you feeme to be, doth very plainly fhew how great itis:tell | 


re good Sir quoth Deretea,whether is this Lady a Chriffian 
ora Afoore ? for by her attire & filence:fhe makes vs fufpect | 
that fhe is,that we would not wifh fhe were. A AZcore the is | 
in attire & bady,anfwered the captive: ppt in mind the isa |: 
very feruent Coristian, for fhe hath very.exprefly defired to | 


| become one. Then fhe is not yet baptized , faid Lafcmda ? 


there hathbeese no oportunitie offered to vs quoth the 


ae. ‘captive to chriften ber fince fhe departed from e4rgell, + 


Bea which 


The delightful Hiftorie of the PAR 1.4. 


was not in any fo eminent a danger of death , as might ob- 
lige her to be bapiiesd: before fhee werc firft inflrn&ted in al 
the ceremonies which our holy Mother the Church com- 
mandeth:but I hope fhortly (if it fhall pleafe God) to fee her 
baptized with that decency , which her quality and calling 
deferues, which is greater then her attire or mine makes 
thew of. 

Thefe wordes inflamed all the hearers with a great defire 
to know, who the CMoore and her capttue were; yet none 
of them would at that time intreate him-to fatisfie their 
longing, becaufe the feafon rather inuited them to take fom 
order how they might reft after their trauailes , then to de- 
maund of them the difcourfe of their liues. Doretea then ta- 
king her bythe hand, caufed her to fit downe by her felfe, 
| and prayed her co take off the veile from her face : thee in- 
flantly beheld the Captiue, as if fhee demaunded of him, 
whacthey {aid ; and hee in the Arabica language told her, 
how they defired ber to difcouer her face and bad her to do 
it, which prefently thee did , and difcouered fo beautifull a 
vifage, as Dorerea efteemed her to bee fairer then Lafcinda, 
| and La(cinds prized her to excell Derotea,and all the beho!- 
ders perceiued, that if any one could furpaffe them both in 
beautie,it was the Afoere;and there were fome that thought 


hath euermore the prerogative and Brace to reconcile mens 
minds , and atcraé their wils to it; fo all of them forthwith 
|. dedicated their defires to ferue and make much of the louely 
(Moore. Don Fernando demaunded of the Captive, haw 
(hee was called , and hee anfwered that her name was Lgg/e 
Zoraida, and as foone as fhee heard him , and vnderiéod 
what they had demaunded , fhee fuddainely anfwered with 
anguifh, ee yet with a very good grace, no, not Zoraida, 
but Maria, Maria, pining them to vnderftand that fhee 
was called (Maria, and not Zoraida. Thefe wordes and the 
| great affect and 'vehemencie wherewithall the AZoeredeli- 


28 moe ah _d 


a 
which is her Towne and Country : and fince that time fhee 


thee excelled them both in fome refpects. And as beautie [ 


| Partg.  ~ wettieXnight Dos-Qarxote, 


uered them, extorted more then ane teare from the hearers, 
efpecially from the women , who arenaturally tender hear- 
ted and compaffiue. La{cinda embraced her then with great 
loue, and faid. I, 1, Waria; Afaria, ta which thee anfwe- 
j red, I, 1, Afarias Zoraidamancange : thatia, and uot Zo- 
raida, By this it was growenfome foure df the clocke in the 
afternoone, and by order of thofe which.were. Don Ferds- 
nandos companions , the Inkeeper had prouided for them as 
good a. beauer as the Inne.cculd in any wife: affoord vnto 
them, Therefore it being the houre, they fate downe alto- 
gether at along table, far there was neusria fquare or round 
one in allthe honfe, and-they gaue'the firft and principal! 
end (although hee refufed itas nich as hee could) to Dow. 
Quixote, who commaunded thatithe -Ladic ALi¢omicona 
| fhould firat his elbow:, feeing hée:was hes champion, pre- 
‘| fenicly were placed Lw/cidda, and Zornida;and Don Fernan- 
\| do, and Cardemio right ouex againfithem, aad after the Cap- 
tiue and other Gentlemen, and on the other fide the Curate 
and Barber t.and this they, made. thejr. drinking with very 
| greacrecreation ,-which uae more augmented’ to fee 
| Dow-Quinote, \eauiny of bis meate 5 and moued by the like 
| {piric of that which had made him once beforetalke fo much | 
to the Godte-heards , beginne: to-offer theman occafion of 
fpeechinthismanner. 0 
. ~. Truely, cood Sits, if itbe well confidered; chofe:which ; 
| profeffe the order of Kitighthoad doe fee many ereat, abil 
vnexpected things. If it besiot.fo, fay, whatmortall man a-_ 
‘| liue is there that entring m atthis Cattle gate y.andfoeing of 
vs all in the mantier‘we bénow prefenchere, cad iudge and . 
| beleeue that we-are tholé which wee:be? wliois'x: that.can ; 
i| fay, -chacthis Ladiew hich fies horelatiniy Deene;: isthe great: 
‘} Quéenc that wee alt know hér'to Bee  abdsrhat- I am that 
| -Kasightof the beause sonntemancesithat ama much blab‘d of 
abroade by the mouth of fame? therefore iticannot be now: 
doubted but that this arte.and’ éxercife excelleth alitheo-, 
thers which ever humane wit, the yndernmmboofnature in-. 


eR ene een ee ee ae Mae een ee an eee 
| 4.20 | The delightful Hiftorie of the PAR Tq. 


uented, and it isthe more tobe prized , by how much it ex- 
pofeth it felfe more then other trades to dangers and incon- | 
ueniences. Away with thofe that fhall affrme learning to 
furpaffe armes, for I will fay vnto them , be they what they 
lif, that they know not what they fay. For the reafon which 
fuch men doe mofl vrge , andto which they moft relye , is, 
that thetrauailes of the {pirit doe farre exceede thofe of the 
body :andthat the vfe of armes are only exercifed by the 
body , as if it were an office fit for porters, for which no- 
thing were requifice but bodily forces, or as if in that which 
wee that profeffe it doe call armes , were not included the 
acts of Fortitude, which require deepe vaderftanding to exe- 
cate them, or as if the Warriours minde did net labour as 
wellas his body , who had a great armie to Jeade and cem- 
mand, or the defence of abefieged Cittie. Ifnot, fee ifhee 
can arrive by his corporall Rrength, to know or found the 
intent of his enemy, the defignes, firatagems,and difficulties, 
how to prevent iminent dangers, all thefe being operations 
of the ynderflanding, wherein the body bathno medling at 
all sit being therefore fo , chat the exercife of astnes require 
{pirit as well as thofc of learning 3 let vs how examine which 
of the two fpirits, that of the Scholler, or Souldier, doe 
take moft paine: ? and this: may: bee beft vnderftood by the 
end, to which both of them are addreffed, for that intention 
J is moft co be efteémed, vi hich hath fer obiedt the molt No- 
| ble end. The endand coniclufion of learning is,I fpeake not 
now of Diuinitie whofe {cope is to leade and addrefle foules 
.te heauen, for to an end fo much without end as this, no o- 
ther may be compared, ] meane of humane {ciences and arts, 
4 tomaintaine diftributswe inflise in his perfection, and give to | 
euery one that which is-his owne: to indeauour and caufe 
good lawes to bee religioufly obferued; an end moit cer- 
| tainely, generous, high,.and worthy of great praife : bur 
| not of fo much as that, to which the eeacke of armes is an- 
{ ext, which hath for his obie& and end, peace :which is the 
greaceft pood men can defire in this lifé : and therefore the 


Cl na |' 


- te : 


treine, but that he doth eate, alchough it be fomewhat later 
e Raa 


Par r.40 wittie Ksight Dox- Quixote. 


a a 
fir good newes that euer the world had, or men receiued, 


were thofe which the Anyels brought on that night which 
was our day when they fung in the skies : Glorie bee in the 
heights, and peace-en earth , tomen of good mindes, Andthe 
falutation which the beft Mafter that euer was on earth or in 
heauen , taught to his Difciplesand fauourites , was thar, 
when they entred into any houfe , they fhould fay : Peace 
be to this bonfe : and many other times he faid : J gewe vato 
you my peace, I leane my peace wnto you : peace bee among ft 
you : tis a good, as precious as a jewell, anda gift giuen, 
and left by fuch a hand :a jewell without which neither en 
earth or in heauen can there bee any perfet good. This 
peace is the true end of warre, for armes, and warte are one 
and che felfe fame things. This eruth being therefore pre- 


| {uppofed, that che end of warre is peace , and that herein it 


doth excell the end of learning : let vs defcend to the corpo- 
rall labours of the Scholler , andto thofe of him which pro- 
feffeth armes , and confider which of them are more toile- 


fome. 


Don- Dutxote did profecute his difcourfe in fuch fort, and 
with fo pleafing termes , as he had almoft induced his audi- 
ents tocfleeme him, te be at that time at leaft, exempt from 
his frenfie: and therefore by reafon that the greater number 
of them were Gentlemen , to whom the vfe of arines is ina 
manner effentiall and proper , they did pepe a liften to 
him, and therefore hee continued on with his difcourfe in 
thismanner. I fay then that the paines of the Studient are 


commonly thefe : principally pouerty (not that I would 
" maintaine that all Studients are poore, but that I may put the 


cafe in the greateft extremity it can haue) and by faying that 
he may be peore, me thinks there may be no greater agera- 


uation of his mifery. Forhethatispoore, hath no pertecti- 


on; and this pouerty is fuffered by him fundry waies, fome- 
times by hunger, other times by cold or nakednefle , and 
many times by allof them together. Yet it is ueuer fo ex- 


then 


421 


422 


The delightful Hiftorie ofthe — Par. 4, 


then the cuRtome ; or of the {craps and reuerfion of the rich- 
man : and the greateft mifery of the Student is that which 
they terme, to liue by fapsand pottage: and though they 
want fire of their owne, yet may they haue recourfe to their 
neighbours.chimney, which if it doe not warme, yet willit 
weaken the cold; aad finally ,.they fleepe at night vnder a 
roofe, I will not defcendtovther trifles, to wit, the want 
of fhirts and fhoes, the bareneffe of their clothes: or the o- 
ucrloading of their ftomacks with meate, when. good for- 
tune lends them as good a meale : for by this way which ] 
haue decyphered fo rough and difficult : @umbling here, fal- 
ling there, getting vp againe on the other fide, and refallin 

on this, they atcaine the degree which they haue defired fo 
much , which many hauing compafled as wee haue feene, 
which haying paffed through thefe difficulties, and failed by 
Scyllaand Charibdss (borne away flying in a manner by fa- 
uourable fortune) they command and gouerne all the world 
fromachaire , turning their hunger into facietie, their na- 
kedneffe into pompe, and their fleeping on a matte, intoa 
{weet sepofe among Hollands and Damaske: areward if 
ly merited by their vertue ; but their labours confronted and 
compared to thofe of the milicaut Souldier, remaine very far 
behinde, asI will prefently declare, | 


os Cuan XE oe kas 
Treating of the curious difcourfe made byDon-Quixote 
| upon the cxercifes of Armes and Letters. 


a ONn-Qv 1x0 TE:continuing his difcoyrfe 
¥ faid, Seeing wee beginne in the Student 
% with poverty and her parts, let vs examine 
whether the Souldier be richer ? certaiuely 
wee fhall finde that no man can exceede the 
Souldier, in pouerty it felfe« For hee is tved 


to 


‘43 


can a ASSET AOE SAS SEP LIE CEO BESET ISOLDE LIES D ELIE DS 


Pa RT. de wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 423 


to his wretched pay which comes either late or never : of 
elfe to his owne fhifts with notable danger of his life and- 
confcience, and his nakednefle is oftimes fo much as many 
timesa leather jerken pafhed, ferucs him at once for a fhirt 
and an ornament: and in the midft of winter he hath fundry 
times no other defence or helpe to refift the inclemencies of 
the airc in the midft of the open fields,then the breath of his 
meuth ;which I verily beleeue doth apainft nature come.out 
| cold, by reafon it fallies from an emptie place : expect there 
till the night fall, that hee may repaire all thefe difcommodi- 
ties, by the eafineffe of his bed,the which ifit be not through 
hisowne default, fhall neuer offend in narrownefle , for hee 
may meafure out for it on the earth as many footas he plea- 
feth,and tumble himfelfe vp and downe in it without indan- 
ering the wrinckling of his fheetes, Let after all this the 
lay and houre arriue, wherein he is to receiwe the degree of 
hisprofeffion, Let, I fay,a day of battaile arrive , for there 
they will fet on his head, the Cappe of his dignitie, made of 
lints to cure the wound of fome bullet that hath paft throw 
and throw histemples, or hath maimed an arme or alegge, 
and when this doth not befall, but that heauen doth pioufly 
keepe and preferue him whole and found ; he fhall perhaps 
abide (ill in the fame pouerty wherein hee was at the firft; 
and that it bee requifite that one and another battaile doe 
fucceede, and he come of euer a victour to the end that he 
may profper, and be at the laftaduanced. But fach miracles 
are but few times wrought,and fay good Sirs if you haue no- 
ted it, how few are thofe which the warres rewards , fn re- 
(pect of the others chat it hath deftroyed ? you mutt anfwere 
without queftion that chere can be no comparifon made be- 
tweene them, nor ean the dead be reduced to any number, 
but all the liuing and fuch as are aduanced, may be counted 
cafily with three arithmetical figures; all which fals out 
contrary in learned men , for all ot them haue wherewithal! 
to entertaine and maintaine themfelues by skirts, I will fay 
nothing of flecues : So that although the Souldiers labour is 
| greater, 


424, 


The delightfall Hitory of the Par T.4. 


reater,yet is bis reward much leffe.. But to this may be an- 


wered, that it is eafier to reward two hundred thoufand 
learned men , then thirty thoufand Souldiers ; for they may 


be aduanced by giuing vnto them offices which muft of ne- 


ceffity be beftowed on men of their profeMfion:but Souldicrs 
cannot be recompenfed otherwife then by the Lerds fub- 
ftance and wealth whom they ferue ; and yet this obie€tion 
and impofbility doth fortifie much more my affertion. 

But Jeauing this apart which is a labyrinth of very diff- 
cult iffue, let vs returne to the preeminency of armes ouer 
learning, which is a matter hitherto depending, fo many are 
the reafons that euery one alleageth for himfelfe ; and a- 
mong thofe which I my felfe haue repeated , then learning 
doth argue thus for it felfe, that armes without it cannot be 
long maintained , for as much as the warre hath alfo lawes, 
and is fubied&t to them, and that the lawes are contayned vn- 
der the title of learning , andbelong tolearned men. To 
this obieQion , Armes doe make anfwere , that the lawes 
cannot be fuftained without them , for commonwelths are 
defended by armes, and Kingdomes preferued , Citties fen- 
ced, high waies made fafe, the Seas freed from Pirates : and 


| tobe briefe, ific were not for chem, Commonwelths, King- 


domes, Monarchies, Citties , and wayes by Sea and Land, 
would be fubie& to the rigour and confufion which atten- 
deth on the warre all the time that it indureth, and is licen- 
fed to practife his prerogatiues and violence : And itis a 
knowen truth,that it which coft moft is or ought to be moft 
accounted of, that one may become eminent in learning, it 
cofts him time, watchings, hunger, nakedneffe,head-aches, 
rawneffe of flomacke , and other fuch inconuemiences , as I 
haue partly mentioned already, Bue that one may arriue by 
true termes to be a good Souldier, it cofts him al Nae it cofis 
the Studient, in fo exceeding a degree, as admits no compa- 
rifon, for he is at euery ep in jeoperdie to loofchis life.And 
what feare of neceffity , or pouerty , may befall ormolefta 
Studient fo fiercely as ic dotlt a Souldier, who feeing himtelf 


SATS, 
{| Parry. wittie Knight Don-Qutxete. : | 4.25 


a a eT 
at the fiege of fome impregnable place, and ftanding Centi- 
rellin fore Raucline oF halfe Mogne,feeles the ar yn- 
dermining neere to the place where he is, and yet dares not 
to depart or abandon his fland , vpon no occafion whatfoe. |. 
wer, or fhumne the danger which fo nearely threatens him 5 

-bue chat which he only may doe, is to aduice his Captaine of 
that which paffeth , to the end he may remedy it by fome 
countermine,whileft he muft fland ftil fearing and expecting | 
when he fhal fuddginly flie vp tothe clowds without wings, 
and after defcend to the depths againft his will. And if this 
appeare to be bur a fmall danger , let ¥s way whether the | 

| ape g of two gallies , the one with the other in the midft 
of the fpacious Maine, may be compared , or doe furpaffe ic, 
the which nailed and grapled faft the one tethe other , the |. 
Souldier hath no morereome in them, then two foot broad |, 
of a planke en the battailings, snd notwithfianding, al- 

.though heclearly fee laid beforehim fo many minifters of 

death , for all the peeces of artillery that are planted on the 

aduerfe fide, doe threaten him, and are not diftant from his | 
body the length of a leance: and feeing that if he flipt euer 
fo little afide, he fhould fall into the deepes: doth yet neucr- | 
theleffe wish wdaunted heart , borne away on the wings of 
honour, which fpurreth him onward, eppofe himfelfe as a 
worke to all their fhot, and (triues to paffe by that fo nar- 
row away inte the enenvies veffell: And what is mofl to bee 
admired, isto behold how fcarce is one fallen into that. 
place ; from whence hee fhall neuer after arife vatill the 
worldes end, when another takes poffeffion of the fame 
places and ifhe doe likewife cumble into the Sea, which | 

apes like an enemy forhim alfo , another end. another will 
ueceede vnto him , without giuing any refpice to the times 
oftheir death, valour, and boldnefle, which isthe greateR | 
that may be found among all the traunces of warfare. Thofe | 
bleffed ages were fortunate which wanted the dreadful fu- 
rie of the diuelifh.and murdering peeces of Ordenance, to 


whofe inuentor I am verily perfwaded that they renderio 
, ell }. 


| The delightf{ull Hiflorieof the |. Panta, 


hellan cternall guerdon for his Diabolicall inuention; by 
‘which he hath giuen power to an infamous , bafe, vile and 
daflardly arme,to bereaue the moft valorous Kaight of life; 
and that without knowing how or from whence, inthe 
mid@t of the fomacke and courage that inflames and. ani- 
mates valorous mindes,there arriues a wandring bullet(fhoc 
off perhaps by him that was affraid , and fledde at the very 
blaze of the powder , as he difcharged the accurfed engine 
and cuts offand finifheth in a moment the thoughts and life 
ofhim who merited toenioyitmanyages, - = 
( And whileft I confider this I am about to fay tha it gricues 
me to haue ever vndertaken the exercife ofa Knight errant 
in this our deteftable age; for although no danger can af- 
fright me , yet notwithftanding I liue in iealoufie to thinke | 
{| how powderand Lead might deprive me of the powerto 
make my felfe famous and renouned by the ftrength of mine | 
arme & edge of my {word throughout the face ofthe earch. , 
But let heauen difpofe as it pleafeth, for fo much the more 
fhal Ibe efteemed, if I can compafie my pretentions, by how: 
much the dangers were greatet , "to which I oppefed my: 
felfe, then thofe atchieued in foregoing times by. Knights’ 
aduentureus. ar ce «@ a 
Don- Quixote made all this prolixe fpeech, whilef the ref 
‘of his company did eate, wholly forgetting to tafte one bit, 
although Sancho Pawcadid now and then put him in re- 
membrance of his vidtuals , faying that hee fhould haue lei- 
fure enough after, to {peake as much as he could defire. In’ 
whofe chat had heard was againe reaued a kinde of compal- 
fon, to fee a man of fo good a witte as he feemed to be; and 
offo good difcourfe in.all the other aiatters which hetooke 
in hand,to remaine fo dlcerely deuoyd of it, when any occa- 
fioa of fpcech were offered, treating ef his accurfed Chiual- 
ric. ‘The Curate applauded his difcourfe, affirming that hee 
produced very good reafons for al that he had {poken in the 
fauour of armes,and that he himfelfe (although he was lear-- 
ned and Graduated )wasdikewife of his opinion. The Bea- 
: Ver 


—_ 


—ParRrt4 wittie Knight Dox-Qurxotes. 27 
eee ee ee SEER need ee 
ver being ended,and the table clothes taken away, whileft 
Maritornes did helpe her Mittreffe & her daughter to make 

ready the reome where Don- Quixote had Mlept for the Gen- 
tlewomen,wherein they alone might retire themfelues that 

night. Der Fernando intreated the captive Co reeount vnto 

themthe hiftory of his life,for as much as he fufpeted chat it 

mutt haue beene rare and delightfull , as he gathered by the 

tokens he gaue,by comming in the loucly Zoraydas compa- | 
nie. To which the-captiue replied,that he would accomplifh ad 
“his defire with avery good will, and that-onely he feared 

shat the difcourfe would not proue fo fauory as they expr&- | 

ed. But yet for all that he would cellit , becaufe hee would 

not difobey him: the*Curate and all the refi thanked him | 

' for his promife, and turned to requeft him againe to begin 

his difeonsfe sand he perceiuing fo many to follicite him, 

“faid, that prayers were not requiftte,, wher commaunde- “ 
ments were of fuch force , and therefere I defire you, quoth 

he ,to be attentive, and you fhall hearea true difcourfe , 

to which perhaps no fained intention may be compared for 

variety or delight. The reft snimated by thefe his wordes, 

- did accommodate themfelues.with very great filencejand he 
beholding their filence and expeétation of his hiftory,with 

modefi and pleafing voyce,began in this manner, . 


ad 


#3 Cuase Xl 3 | 
wherein the captine reconnteth bis life, and other accé 
dents. : , po . 


eg Nacertaine de of the Mountaines of Li- 
£ ow my lineage had begining , wherewithal 
& nature dealt much more liberally then for- | 
B cune,akhough my father had the opinion a- 
lee midfi the penury and pouerty of pried faites 


to bea man,as indeed he might haue beene:, had he bue 
vied 


a omer SERS Sr SUR PN SP IS TEENIE LOE DN AIEEE ABBOTTS CELE ELNINO ECCI IE AIRE TI Ti, 
4.28 | The delightfull Hifforic ofthe  Part.d. 
vfed as much care to hoard vp his wealth,as prodigality to | 


{pend it, And this his ltberall difpefition procesded fram 
his being a fouldier in his youthfull yeares : for warre is the 
{choole wherein the mifer is made francke , and the francke 
man prodigall: end if among fouldiers wee finde fome 
wretches and nipgtrds they are accounted Monfters which 
are feldome feene.My father paffed the bounds of liberality, 
and couched very neerely the confines of prodigaliry;a thing 
nothing profitable for a matried man, who had children that 
fhould fucceed himiashis name and being. My father had 
‘three fonncs,all men, and of yeares fufficient to makesn ele- 
Ction of she flate of life they meaned to Jeade. Wherefore he 
perceiving as:he himfelfe was wont to fay, that he could not 


at 


TH Gop BE Bt 


without which ef/esander the greathimfelfe would be ac- 
ceunted.a mifer sand therefore calling vs all threetogether 
on aday into-his. chamber, hevfed thefeer fachJikercafons 
tovs. ; ‘ . ” 


feeing lsesme'you my formes :and yet ic ‘may be fufpected 
that J hate you,feeing I.doe not goucrne my felfe fo well as 
I might , in the husbanding and increafing of your ftocke. 


| whish'Fhaue pondered ; and withnrature deliberation pur- 
\pofed thefe many dayes : You are all of age to accept ane- 
flate,orat leaft to make choice of fome fuch exercife,as may 


fore that which I-haue thought vpon, is todeuide my goods 
_| one that which appertainestohim , without exceeding a 


iot,andI my felfe willrcferuethe fourth, toliveand main- 
taine me withas Jong asit fhall pleafe heauen to Icnd mee 


bridle his nature ia-that condition of fpending , he refolued | 
to depriuc hitfelfe ofthe inftrument and caufe, which made | 
bim fuch a Spender and 4@ liberall, to wit, of his goods; | 


Sonnes, toafiirme that Houeyou well,may bepre < furndd, | 


Bar;rothe end that you mayfrom henceforth perceive thatT | 
doe affect you witha fatherly lour,andthat I meane netto | 
| ouerthrow youlike.a ftep-father,I will doe onething to you | 


turne to your-horieur and profite at riper yeares : andthere- | 


into foure parts; phethree }willbeftowvpon you,toewery | 


breath. - 


Panr.g.  — wettie Knight Dow Quixete. . 


Timed vnto ys, in as fhort. a time as be had menutioned,allthat 


breath, Yet I doe greatly define that after every one of you is 
poffeft of his portion, hee would take one of the courfes 
which Imeane to propofe, There is an old preuerbe in this 
our Spsine, in maine opinion very true,(as. osdinarily al! pro- 
uerbs are, being certaine bricfe fentences collected ont ef 
long and difcreete experiences)and is is this;7 he Charch,the | 
Sea, or the Court: The meaning whereof is, That whofocuer 
would become wealtby, or worthy muff either follow the 
Church, baunte the Seas by exercifing the trade of Merchan- 
dizes, or get him a place of fernice , and entertainement ip 
‘the Kings houfe , for men fay that 4 Kags ernmese is mere 
worth then a Lards laafe, This I fay becaufe 1 defire, and it is 


| my will, that ane of you doe fallow his booke, an other 
1 merchendize, and the shiedthe warre;feeing that the feruice 
1 ofhis owne houfe is a difficulething to compafie. And al. 
| though the warre is not wont to jurick aman, yet it addes 
| voto hum great worth and renoune. Within thefe eight 
| dayes I doe meane to giue you all your portions in money, 
'| without defrauding you ofa mite, as yeu fhall fee in effea. 
| Therefore tell me now whether you meane to follow mine 
| opinion and aduice in chis which ] haue propofed, And then 


he commeaunded me by reafon that I was the eldeft,to make 
him an anfwere, 

I after I had intreated hia net te make away his goods, 
but to {pend and difpofe of them as he lifted, fecing that we 
were both young and able enough to gaine more; at Jaft] 
concluded that J would accomplifh his will , aod that mine } - 
wasto follow the wars,therein feruing God and my King 
together, The fecond brother made the fame offer,and im- 
ploying his portion in commodities , would venter it to the 
luda The youngeft,and as Ideeme the difcreeteft , faid , 
that eyther he would follow the Church 5 of goe at the leat 
to Salamanca to finith his already commeneed fludics, And 
as foone as we had ended the avreement and election of our 
vocations, my father embraced vs all,and afterwards perfor- : 


ty 


The delightfull History of the =. Par neg. 


HE ana 
he promifed ; giuing vnto each of vs a portion amounting, if 
doe wellremember , to three thoufand duckats a piece in 
money :for.an vncle of ours bought all the goods and paide 
ready money, becaufe he w not haue them made away 
from. our owne familie and lineage. We all ‘tooke our leaue 
of our good father in one day,and in that inftane it feeming 
to me a great inhumanity to leaue my father foold,and with 
folittle meaness I dealt fo with him,as I conflrayned him to 
take backe againe two thoufand duckats of she three he had 
giuen me,for as much as the reft was fufficient to furnith me 
in very good fort with all things requifitefora fouldier, My 
brothers , moued by mine example , did each of them giue 
him athoafand crownes : fothat my father remained with 
foure thoufand crownes in money, and three .in goods, as 
| they were valued ; which goods he would not fell,but keepe 
them ftillin Rocke. Finally,we bad him(and our {aid yncle) 
farewell,noc without much feeling and many teares on both 
fides: and they charged vs that we would from time to time 
acquaint chem with our fuccefles, whether profperous or ad- 
uerfe. ‘We promifed to performe it,and then embracing vs, 
and giving vs his bliffing,one departed towards Salamanca, 
another to Ssnill,and my felfe to eALicamte, I arriued prot- 
peroufly at Genowa,and from thence went to A/i/aine,where 
I did accommodate my felte with armes , and other braue- 
ties vied by fouldiers,and departed from thence to fettle my 
felfe in Premonte,and being in my way cowards the Cictie of 
Alexandria dela Pagha,] heatd newes that the great Duke 
of Alva did pafle cowards Flanders. Wherefore changing 
my purpofe,T went with him,and {ceued him in all che expe- 
ditions he made:I was prefent at the beheading of the Earles 
of Egmont and Hornes,and obtained at lafttobe enfigne to 
a famous Captaine of Gwada-lafara called Diego deVrbina. 
Within a while after mine arriuall to Flanders the newes 
were diuulged of the league chat Piss quintus the Pope of | 
famous memory, had made with the Venetians and the Kine 
of Spaine apaintt our common enemy the Tarkey who had 
oained 


PO aC gp NIN ol I 


PaRgrg wittie Kaight Dow-Quixote. 


| ana by force thefamous ‘Maid of Cypresjnusch about the 
amie time, Which'Mandbelonged tothe: Rate of Vemise, and | 
was an vnfortunate & lamentable loffe. It was alfo certainly 
known , that themof noble Dox Lobp of Axstria, our g00d 
King Don Philips naturall brother.didcome downe for ges 
deral of this lehgue , & the geat prouifion that was thade for 
, the warre wad publifhed eucry where. eae ae 
1 All this did incite and ftirre on my minde and defire to be | 
| prefenc at that expedition fo much expected: and therefore 
, although I had conieCtures,and halfe promifes:to be made a | 
, Captdine in the firft oocafion that fhould: be offered’, yet I: . 
, tefolited co leauc'a—l thofe hopes, and gde into Mimic, asin ef. 
fe&I did. And avy good fortune {o' a ae yas the ‘Lord 
' Dox Tobn of Anstria arriwed iwftat thefame tidie at Genona, 
‘and went towards Naples,to ioyne hinfelfe with the Veme< 
| tint Nauie.ashe did ufteras wd?/tew, In shis nioltfortwnare 
‘iourney Iwas prefenr; ‘being by: chisinsdde.a Captain of 
foote:to which honourable. charge, was mounted rather 
by my good fortune,then by my deferes.. And that. very day | 
| which was fo fortunate to alk Chriftentdome: for therein the 
whole warld-was yndecelued, cand albthe nations thereof f. 
freed of all the errour they het und belfefe they had >that 
| the Tarke was inuincible at Sea: in that yery day I fay, wher- 
inthe {welling fomacKe , and Ortemanicall pride was bro- 
; kesamnoriy fotnany happy nen as werexhore{for the Chri. 
fians'that>were'flaine-were much more happy then thot 
which theyleft vitorious aliue) I alone was vnfortinate,{ee- 
ing tat inexchange of fome Nasal crowne j which }mighe 
,ewect,had'T lived in the timesof'the auncient ‘Romanes, I 
‘fouid my felfe the night éifuing that fe falhouss daywith 
my lepees chained,and my hands manaciéd ; which befell in 
this manner : that Vehali King of Argiers ,a bolde and ven- 
tutous Pirate,hauing iritefled and diftreffed the Admiral of 
Metta (fot onely- three Katights remathed atite:, and thofe 
|| vety fore wouhded) Lebis Andreas chie fe Callie:caie.to her. | 
{uccour, wherein I went with my company:asid doing what | 


mI Omen 


. i cen ain e 


The delightfall Hiftorie ofthe ‘Parr - 


was xequilit im fuch‘an oceafion,] leapt into the enemies vel | 
fel;the which falling: off froay that which had affaulted her, 
hindred my feuldiers from following me; by which means I 
faw my felfe alone amidft mine enemies, again whé I'could 
nakenco Jong refttance,they were fo many. In fine, Iwas } --— 
taken fill of wouttds. Now as you.tnay hane héand., V cba 
faued himfelfe and all kis fquadron,, whereby I became‘cap- 
tiuic in his power, and onely remained forrowfull among fo. | 
man ioyfall, and captine among fo many freed : for that 
ene thoufand ¢ briffians, which came flaues and in- 
chainedin arsed pastime tecottered their defiredliber-' | 
ty: I wascantied to Conm/iamtjaepda , where the great Tarke'} 
Sedans made my Lord. Generail of the Sea , by reafon that 
he had fo well: performed his. dtiety in the batcell ; having 
brought away-for a witreffe of his valour the Standard, of. 
the orderof ALalts.: I wasthid yeare infuiag of::¢72.i0 Nae. 
navine,cowing in'theAdmirad ofthe three Laxthorées , and 
faw andnoted there tlic oportunity that was loft , of taking 
| all che Tarksfb Nauie within the hauen : for all the Gesi/aries 
and other fouldiers has were ini ,made full account , that 
they fhould be fet-vpon, cuen withinthic very port,and ther- 
fore truffed vp all rhtir bageage,and made ready their fhoes 
to flie away prefently ta the land, being in no wife minded 
to expect the affaule,our Nauie did firike fuch terrour into | 
them. Bur Ged difpofed otherwife ofthe matter,notthrough | 
the fauleor negligence of the, Generall that gouerned: our 
min, but for the fnnes of Chrifendeme , and becaufe God 
permits and wils, thet we hauc alywaies fome executioners to 
chaflice vs, In fume, chal got into Afodex , whichis gn 
Ifland atcreto Naserive,and landing his men there, he for- 
tified the. mouth of the hauen,and there remained vntil Dow 
Lob departed, In this voyage was taken the Gally called 
Prefa,whereof the famous Pirate Barbareffac his ionne was 
Captaine!: it. was {urprifedby the head Galley of le cal 
‘called che fhee Welfe that was commanpded by the thunder. 4 
bolt of warre,the father of fouldiers, thae fortunate and ne- 


2fr 


a 


—— ww 


Pp A Rv4.° — wittie Knight Dow-Quixote. 2 


Satie Creex, And here J will not — to recount what 


: he intreated them, and fo great the hate they alfo bore to. 
F the next yeareafter to Conflants. 


(liued. a 7 
: The great Tarke was very much grietied for this loffe, 
|and sherchore ving the Caos foie hal all his race 
were indued, he made peace with the Venetians, which wi- 
fhed for much more then he did himfelfe : and the yeare af- 
‘terol feuenty and foure he affaulted the fortreffe of Goleta, 


| Timez, ; and in all thefe eccafions I was prefent , tyed to the: 
Oare, without any hope ef liberty; at leaft wife by ranfome, 

being refolued neuer to fignifie by letter my maisioctines to 
my father. The Golets was loft in fine,and alfo the Fortreffe 


' Tarkes,and more then foure hundred thoufand AZoores, and 
other Sarafms ofall the otuer parts of eS ffrica , being fur- 
nifhed with fuch abundance of aaunition and warlike en- 


| the Fortrefle,ifeuery one did caft but ‘his ‘hanidfull-of earth 
re EF a 


wnon 


en 
uer ouerthrowne Don eA luaro de Bacan , the Margneffe of 


gines,and fomany Pioners as were able to couer Goleta and } 


j and theother fortreffe that Dos Iehnhad raifed neere ynto | 


. before which two placeslay in fiege feuenty fiue thoufaud |. 


=a |. Thedelightfull Hiftorie ofthe = PAR T.4. 


vpenthem. Thus was: Geleta accounted, yntill-then im- 
pregnable, firftioft, the which did not happen through de- 
gulcof valour in the defetrdants., who''tn: defence’ thereof 


‘sapien (hewed the facilitie wherewithal trenches might 
e raifed in thac defertfand; for though water had beene 
found it ic within two fpannes depth, the Takes could'not 
| finde'it ‘in the @eprh of 
many facks full of fand, they raifed their trenches fo high, 
as they did furmount the walles of the Sconce , and did fo 
cotld ftand vo make any defence:it was acomon report,that 
{1 our menwould apt immure them(clues within Goleta , but 
expect the enemy in the champaine, at their difembarquing: 
but thofe that gaue this out fpake widely, ss men very lirtle 
‘acquainted with the like affaires 's for iftin Goleta and the 
Fortréffe, thete were fearee fetien: thoufand Souldiers; how 
could fo few a number were they cuer fo refolute , make a 
fallie, and remaine in the Forts, avainft fo great a number 
ofenemies, ? or how is it: offible, that theforces which are 
not feconded and fupplys 1, fhould ‘ndt be dutercomie , fpe- 
at being befieged by many ; ‘avid obRinatd enemies , an 
thofeimtheirowne Cotntiey. But many others efteemed, 
and fo did I likewife among thereft, that almighty God did 


‘edrielle 3: and the fponge and’ oath ‘of ‘innumérable 
fumes of money {pent there vnprofitably, withouc feruing 
-toany other end fi nem¢ 

-gayned by the Emperout Charles the fift,as ifit had‘been re-, 


uer) that thofe {tones fhould fuftaine it. The Fortrefle was 
. alfo wonne, but the Tarkes were conArained to gaineit,fpan 
by fpanne, for the Souldiers which defended it fought, fo 
manfully and refolutely, as the.number af thé enemies flaine 
in two and twenty‘ generall affantts which they gaue vato 

it. 


did all they could, or ought to haue done ;’ but becaufe ex- | 


‘two yeards’; and therefore filling } 


gall the deferidants from them with their thor, as no One F 


a particular grace and faudyr vito Spaine, in that manner § 
‘Termicting to bed deftrdyetl the flop atid cléake of ll wic- | 


, the to. preferue the memory of being | 


quifice for the keeping of « eterhall (as'itis, and fhall bee ¢-. | 


é 


PaRt.4. wittie Knight Don-Quixete. 


eR ARR EE a TILT TR GE IS EES 
it, did paffe fiue and twenty thouland, Neuer a one was ta- 


ken prifoner , but three hundred which furuiued their fel- 
lowes, a certayne and manifcil token of their valour and 
Grength, and how, well they had defended thcemfelues and 
kept cheir fortreffes : alittle Fort orturret that flood in the 
mid(i of the place. 
Vader the command of Den Iohn ZanogucraaValentian 
Gentleman, and famous Souldier , was ycelded vp on com- 
pofition, and Den Pedro de Puertocarrere Generall ot Gole- 


ta was taken prifoner, who omitted no diligence poffibleto | 


defend the place : but yet was fe grieued to haue lofticas he 
dyed for very vriefe on the way towards Conffantinople whi- 
ther they carried him a The Generall likewile of the 


Fort, called Gabriel Cerbellon, being a.Gefltleman of CA1i- 
lan, anda great enginer, and moft refolute Souldier was ta- | 


ken: and there dyed in both the places many perfons ef 
worth, among which Pagan de Oria was one, a Knight of 
the order of St./ebs, of a moft noble difpofition , as the ex- 
ceeding liberality which he vfed towards his brother the fa- 
mous John Andrea de Orsa clearly demontirates, and that 
which rendred his death more deplorable, was, that he was 
fliine by certaine Sarracines (which he trufted, perceiving - 
how the Fort was loft) who had offered to conuey him 
thence in the habit of a ALoore to Tabarca, which is a little 


hauen or cricke poffeft by the Genomefes, that fh for Corral | 


in thatcoaft, Thele Sarracess cut offhis head, and brought 
it to the Generall of the Tarki/d armie, who did accomplith 
inthem the Spanifh prouerbe; That although the treafon 
pleafeth , yet is the Traitor bated : and {o it isreported, that 
he commanded thofe to bee hanged thathad brought him 
the prefent, becaufe they had not care italine, . 

_ Among the Chriftians that were loli ia the Fort, there 
was one called Don Pedro de eAguilar, borne in Andulizsa, 
in fome Towne whofe name I haue forgotten, he had beene 
Auncient in the Fortreffe, and. was a Souldier of great ac- 
count, and of a rare vnderftanding, and {pecially had a par- 

Ff 3 | ticular 


Pe tte. ee Loh Le 


455 


a 


wil Hi ftorie of the Part, 4. 
i a 
ticular grace in Poetrie,this Ifay,becaufe his fortune brought 
him te be flaueto my Patron, eues into the very fame Gal- 
ley and bench whereon I fate. This Gentleman made two 
Sonnets in forme of Epixephes,the one for the Geletathe o- 
ther for the Fort: and I will repeate them, becaofe I rement- 
ber them very well,and doe beleeue that they will be racher 
gratefull, then any thing difguftfull eo the audients,as foone 
as euer the Captiue rramed Den Pedro de Agnitar, Don Fer- 
nando beheld his Camaradas , and they ali three did {aille, 
and when he beganne to talke of the Sonnets , one of thern 
(aid, before you paffe further, ] befeech you good Sir Jetme 
intreate you to tell me , what became of that Don Pedro de 


| Aguilar, whotn you have named ? chat which I know ofthac 


affaire, anfwered the Captiue, is, thac after he trad beene 
ewo yards in Conftantinople; he fedde away if the artyre of 
an eA ruechian, with a Greeke {pie,and I carmot cell whether 
he recoutred his liberty, or rte; althoagh I fuppofe he did, 
for within a yeare afier I faw the Greeke itr (onffantineple, 
bot [had not the oportunity to demautid of hitn, the fac- 
cefle of that voyage. He came then into Spaine, quoch the 
Gentleman :for that faine Don Pedro is thy brother, and 
dwels now athome in cur owne Towne , very well, rich, 
marryed, ard a Pather of thrée Sonnes, God bee thanked, 
quoth the Captive, for the itifinite fauour he hath fhewed 
voto Hitn: for in fine option thete is not eh earth any con- 
tentmient able ro be compared to chat 6frecouering & farts 
loft liberty, I doe moreouer, Seid ehe Gentleman , know 
the Sonnets which 7 hada commpofed, I pray you then | 
good Sir, quoth the Capthte, repeate tiem, for Bérhaps you 
can fay thern better them I ; witha very good will;anfwered 
the Gentheman; atid thar of the Golera is thus, 


CRAP. 


a 
ft 


q 


% t eAndcthis fame plot eternnliz bath rene, 


PART.A. withie Knight Dos-Qusxote, 
| 4 & 


Crap. XIII. | 
Whercints profecuted the Hifborée of the Captine. 


A SONNET. 


Happy fonles,vlirch from this mertall vale 
Freed and exempted, threngh the good you wrong hr, 
Safe from the baruses, that bere did you afjasle ; 
By powr deferts, to bief? Heanen were broug hr. 
Which bere inflam'd by wrath, and noblethonght 
Shewed how much your forges did anaile: 
When both your owne, and forraine bloods you taught 
From fandy fboares, into the derp's to trates 
Your lines before your vatours end, deccafed 
In your tyr d armes; which thengh they were a dying 
eAnd vangni fht; yer on vittovie bane seazed, . . 
end this your life from feruile thraidome fiying : 
Ending , acquires, betweene the fword and wal, 
_ Heanens glorie there,fame bere on earth, for al, — 


I have it euen in the very fame manner, quoth the Captiue ; 
well then, faid che Gentleman, that of che Fortis thus , if J 
doc net forget it: | 


A SONNET. 


“Rom midt the barren carth bere omerthrowwe — 
In thefe fad clods which on the grond dee lie, 
Three thou(and fanidiers holy (oules are flow'n, 
oA nd to a happier manfsen, gore on kre, 
Here mhenwthey did invaine the vigonr trie. 

Of shes firony armes,to coffe,of many Aone, 
After the moft corough extreame toile ded die : 
The crnell (word,a few did ight upon. 


453 


ne ere 


} haue but foure linages that have furnames , and thefe doe 


ef 


The delightfull Hiftorie of the (Parrg 


Withe ir dolefullmemorics repleate, — 
Aswell this age,as in foregoing time. 

But from, bis craell bofome Heasin ne've yet 
Receaw d fincerer foules then were the laft, 
Nor earth fo valant bedses,aye poffeft. 


The Sonnets were not mifliked :and the Captiue was preat- 
ly recreated with the newes which hereceived of his com- 
panion , and profecuting his Hiftorie, he faid: The Goleta, 
and the Fort being rendred , the Turkes: paue order to dif- 
mantell Goleta, for the Fort was left in {uch fort, as there 
remained nothing vp that might be ouerthrowen sand to do 
it with more breuity and leffe labour, they vndermined it in 
three places, but that which feemed Icaft ftroag could not 
be blowen vp by any of them, which was the old walless 
but all chat which had remained a foote of the new fortifica- 
tions and workes of Fratis fell downe to the ground with 
oreat facility : and this being ended the Nauie returned cri- 
umphantand victorious to Conftantinople - where within a 
few moneths afterward my Lord Uchads died , whom they 
called V chals Fartax,which fignifies in the Twrkif language 
the fcald or fcurfie renegate, for he was fuch; and it isacu- | 
flome among the Tarkes. to giue one anothernicke names 
either of the defects, or perfections and vertues whichthey 
haue, and the reafon hereof is , that among them all they 


contend with that of Ottomsanes, for Nobility of bloud : ana 
all the reft, as I haue {aid dee take denomination, fometime 
from the blemifhes of the body, and fometime from the ver- 
tues of the minde : and this {curuie fellow did row fourteene 
ycares, being the great Ferkes flaue, and did renouncehis 
faith, being foureand thirty yeares old , fordefpight, and 
becaufe hemight be reuenged on a Tarke , that gaue him af 
cuffe on the face as he rowed; and his valour was fo preat, 
as without afcending by the difhonourable meanes and} 
waies viually taken, the greateft minions about the great 


| - ane 


Par 1.4. _wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


, 459 — 


Turks, Ke came firftto be King of sArgrers , and after to be 
Gencerall of the Sea, which-1s the third moft Noble charge 
and dignitie of all che Turki/h Empire. He was borne in Ca- 
labria,and was a good moral] man, and vfed with preat hu- 
manity lsis flaues, whereof hee had aboue three thoufand, 
swhich were after his death devided, as he had left in his Te- | 
ftament , betweene the great Tarke (who js ever 3n inheri- 
tour to eucrydead man, and hatha portion among the de- | 
ceafed his children) and hisrunnegates. I fellto the lot of a 
Uenetian tupnegate, who being a fhippe-boy in acertaine |. 
_veffell, was taken by Uchati, who houed him fo tenderly, as 
he was one of the deareft youthes he had, and he became af- 
ter the moft cruell runnegate that euer liued. He was called 
Axanaga,and came tobe very rich, and King of e4rgiers : |, 
with him I came from Conf? ast inople, f{omewhat contented | 
in minde, beeaufe } fhowld benearer vnto Spaine; not for | 
that I meaned co write vnto any one of my vafortunate fuc- J. 
ceffe, but only to fee whether fortune would proue more fa- 
uourable to me in Argiers , then at Conflantinople; where I 
had attempted sihcueee waiesto efcape,but none of them 
forted vnto any good etfe& : and I choughe to fearch.our ia 
Argiers {orde other meanes to compaffe that which I' fo 
| greedily defired; forthe hope ofattayning liberty fometime 
had neuer abandoned me, and when in thecontriuing, | 
thought, or put my defignes in practife,and chat the fucceffe | 
did not anfwere nine expectation, prefently without forfa- 
king me, it forged and.fought out for another hope, that 
might futtaine me, although it were debile, and weake. 
With this did ] pafle away my life, fhuc vp ina prifon or 
houfe,which the Turks call Bathes,wherein they do inclofe 
‘the Captive Chrifians as well cheft.that belong co the king 
-asother particular mens, anddhefe! which they call of the | 
Almazen, which is as much-to fay, as flaues of the Counfell 
whoare deputed to ferue the Citie in the publike werks and |. 
other affaires thereof, andthefe ofall other Captiues doe 


with moft difficulty attaine to liberty; free by reafon they |. 


be. } 


The aclightfull Hiftorse of the . Pa BT.46 


5elong co the communalty, and haue no particular mafter, 
there is none with whom 8 man may treate of their redemp- 
tion, alchough they fhould haue the price of their ramfay. 
Fo thefe Bathes as I haute faid, fomeparticular mé carry ther 
Captiues to be kept, chiefly if fier be to be ranfomed 5 for 
there they haue them at their cafe & fecure,yntill they be re- 
demed. The Kings Captiues of ranfome alfo,do not go forth 
to labour with the other poore crew, if it be nor when the 
aying of their ranform is deferred for then, to the eid they 
may make them write for money more earnefily, they make 
themlabour, and.goeto fetch wood with che reft which 
isno (mall toyleand trouble. Ethen was one of thofe of 
ranfome ; for as foone as it was knowne how I was 2 
taine, notwithitanding that Itold ther of my little pofltbi- 
licie, and want of meanes,ailcould not prevaile co diflwade 
‘thé from conforting me with the multitude of Gentlemen, 
and thofe of ranfome, they pue on me then a chaine, rather 
to be acoken that I was there for my ranfome,then to keepe 
me the better with is, and fo I pafled away my time there 
with many other Gentlemen, andmen of marke held and 
keptin there for their ranfome,Andalcbough both. hunger 


as -andhakedne @e did:vexe-venow and then,. or rather: ener- 
more, yet nothing did affict vs. fo muchas to heare and fee 
S cuery momenothe crueltics that my :mafter vied towardes | 


Chrifttass, Bu he hanged vp one, he fet thie man.on 
a Make,-and mare he hevtheseatts , andthat, for fo 
Hetle qccafion; dr wholy withoutir, asthe very Tavkstheme | 
(clues perceived, chat he did: itnet for any ochet caufe, bus 
becaufle he had a will 00 doc it, and chat it was his natntal] 
-inclinagien to be a homicide of all humane kind, Onely one 
Spanifh {oldies calted furhieane of Saanedna was in his geod | 
grace, wha although heedid fundrte things that will-rea 
rmains ia the memery of. that Nation for many ycares , and 
all ta the end.to get bis liberty; yet he never ftrucke him, 
nor eommaunded himte be ftrucken, nor {aid a much as an 
eudll word vaté him: and yer we allfeatcd. that hee fhould 
a be 


IP ax. 4. _— wittie Knight Don- Quixote. 


be broached on asftake for he leaft of many things which he 
did, and himfclfe did alfo dread it mote then once ; ard if it 


were not that che denicth me heafure fo docx, I wontdre-_ 


count vnto youthings dome by this fouldier, which mighe 
both entertaine and aftonvbyou mach more then the rela- 
tion of sry life, : Oe 

There were over the (qQuare court of oer prifomcertaine 
windowes that looked itttoit, ard betonved toa certaine 
richand pritwipall Adodre ; the which windowes (as ordmat 
rily ave all the J1dores wiedowes) racher feenred to be holes 
then windowes? and cuca thefe were affo vety clofely co* 
uered and finsé fait with tirmenconetings. It therefore be» 
fell chat Randing one day vpon the battlements of our pri- 
fon wih other three companions, etyittc which of vs contd 
leape Deft imhis fhaktesto paffe away the amd; and being a~ 
lone (for all che other Chviftianis were porto-dbroad ro 1a- 
bour ) | lifted vp by chance mine eyes, and I faw thraff out 
atone of thofele clote-fhuc windowes acane,and 2 linen 
tied at the end thereof, and the cate was moued and wags 
gedvp and downe, aif i€had nade fioties, that. we fhould 
cottic and take iw: woleoked ¥pin it; and one of thy com, 
panions went vader the cane, to fee whether they would let 
1t fall, ot-what they would doe eMe; butas foone as he ap- 
proached it,the Care was lifted vp,and did ftirre it to eyther 


fide, as if they had {aid ( with wagping of the head ) nothe : 
Chriften reuirmed torvs ; and the Cane being cftfooties ler: 


fall, and bepimning tu:mone as'it had done before, an Ochet 
of my fellowes weir, atid the fame fucceeded vato him, that 
did to the firft. Finally y the ‘third approacted it, with no 
better fusceffe then the former two, which I perceitring, 
would not orttit tottic my fortttide, arid #2 foone as Icame 
néereto find vader che Cate, ic was'lee flip and fel within 
the Bathes iuft at my feote «+1 forchwith went to vatie the 
linen which was kfrocd, whetein I found tennc Zsaniys, 


‘| whith are cortaine peeees of bafe gold:, vied among the 


Moaoress and worth each of them tering rials: of out money. 
: I 


“461 


. , ee are _— 


4.62 The delightfull Hiftorie ofthe Part 


Lleaue to your difcretion tothinke if I was not glad of my 
bootic, certes my ioy and admiration was much,to thinke 
whence that good might come vnto vs,. but {peciallyto my 
felfe, funce the fignes.of refulall, ce let it fall to the other did 
confirme cleerly rhat the fauour was only addrefttomy felfe. 
I tooke my welcome money, broke the Cane, and returned 
to the battlements, and viewed the wiadew earneflly, and 
perceived a very beautifull hand iflue out thereat, which did 
open and fhut it againe, very {peedily. By which imagining 
and thinking that forme woman that dwelled ia that houfe, 
had dene vs the charitie and benefit, in token of our thank- 
full minds, we made-our courtefies after the ALeors/b fafhion 
by inclining of our heads,bending of the bodie,and prefling 
our hands to our breafts, within a while efter; chere appea- 
red out of the fame window a little croffe made of Canes, 
which prefengly was taken in againe,this figne did confirme 
vs in the opinion that there was fome Chriffias woman cap~ 
tive inthat place, and thatit was fhee which did.to vs the 
courtefie: but the whiteneffe. of her hand,and her rich brace- 
Jets deRtroyed this prefumptiqn : alchough- we did notwith- } 
flanding conicéture that it- was fomie renégate Chriffian, 
whom their matters chere de. very ordinarily take to wiues, 
yea and account verie good hap to light on one of them, for 
they are much more accouated of, then the women, of the 
nationitfelfe. = oe, ig ae 
Yet in all thefe difcourfes. we-flrayed very farre from the 
truth of the accident ; aad fo fromshence forward all our 
paffing of the time was imployed in beholding that window 
as our North, wherein had appeared the farre of the Cane: 
but fifteene daics paft ouer, or we couldidefctie either it, or 
the hand againe, or any other figne. And:although in the | 
mcane time we endewored all that we might to know who 
dwellin that houfe, or whether there were any renegate 
| Cbrsfian therein, yet neuer a one could tell vs any other 
things but that it belonged to avery rich and noble AZeore 
called Agusmorate who had beene Conftable of the Pata, 


| disnitic 


Po aR Tg. Mg Wittie Knight Don-Quixotes 


Sac 


dignitie among themof very great qualitic, Bue when we 
thought leaft-thae it would raine any more Zianiys- by thac 
way we fawthe Cane fuddenlly to appeare, and‘another lin- | 
“nen hanging on. it, whofe bulke was much preater : and 
this befell when the bach was freed'‘ofconcourfe, and void, | 
-] as the other time before. We made the accuftomed triall, 
euery one approaching it before mee, but without effeA,vn- 
till I came, forprefently asT oper ee it, ic was permitted | 
tofall, I ¥ntied the knots and found inwreathed in it fortie | 
| duckets of Spanith gold, with a letter written in the Arabian 
tongue;and at the end theref was dtawnea very great croffe, 
 [kiffed the crofle,tooke vp the money, and returned againe 
tothe battlements, and wealtogether made our receiuers, 
the hand alfo appeared,I made fignes that I would reade the 
_ paper, and the window. was. fhut incontinently.. All of vs 
‘ were marnelloufly aftoriffied, yet ioyfull at thae which had 
- befalfie vs, and by reafon that none of vs vaderftood the .4+ 
-rablan tongue,the defire that we had to vaderfland the con- 
tents of the letter was {urpaffing great, but greater the dif— 
ficultie to finde out fome truftie perfon that might reade it, 
In the end; F refolued to truft in this affaire a renegate of 
| AM arcia;whe did profeft hinifelfto be my verygreat friend, 
& ae i erality& other-good turnes done {eeretly 
obliged him to be fecret in the affaire wherein I would: vie 
: him : forfome renegates are accuftomed when they have at 
_ intention to turne into the Chriftian countries to bring with 
chem the teftimonies of the moft principall captiues, wherein 
they jinforme , and mthe ampleft manner they may, how 
the bearer is an honeft man, and that be hath ever done ma- 
' ny goodturnes¢o: ‘the Chrifians, arid that’ h¢e hath himfelfe 
_adefire to efcape by the firft commoditie.’ Some ‘renegates. 
there are, which procure thofe teftimonies fincerely, and 
with a good intention, others take tht benefit of them ey-: 
ther by chance or-induftrie 5 who intending to goe and rob. 
into the countries of Chrijfians, ify chance they be affray. 
or taken,brin g forth their teftimoniesand fay, that by thole 
| , apers 


qe 


Parra 


The delightfull Hiflerie of the 


Te a aaa ea ae eae eee nee) 
papers may be colleted the purpofe wherwith all they came 
that is,te remaine in ( briftian countries, and that therefore, 
they came abroad a pyrating with the other Tyyks: and by 
this meanes they efcape that firft brunt, and are reconciled 
againeto the Church, without receiving any harme at all: 

and when they efpie their time doe returne agaige into Ber- 

barie,to be fuch as they were before,Ochers there are,which 
procure thofe writings with a pure intention, and doe after 

Ray in Chriftiax countries. Well chis my friend was a rene- 
gate of his laftkinde : whohad the teftimonies of all my 
companions, wherein we did commend him, as amply as we 

could deuife : and certainly ifthe Afoeres had found thofe 
papers about him, they would haue burnt him for it. I vn- 
derftand how he could {peake the 4rabias tongue very per- 
fe&tly, and not onely.that alone, bucalfo write it withall: | 
yet before I would wholy breake asy minde to him, I requer | 
fed him to reade mee that {croule, which I had found by 
chance in a hole of my cabin, he opened it,and floed a geod 
while beholding and conftruing thereof, murmuring fome- 
what betweene his teeth. I demaunded therefore of him 
whether he vnderftood it ?.and he aofwered that he did, ve- 
ry well :and that if 1 defied to have it tranflated verbatins,1 
fhould bring vnto him Penand Ink,to the end he might do } 
it mor¢ completely : we prefently gave vnto him that which 
he asked, and he did tranflate it by little and little; and ha- | 
uing finifhe it, he faid all that is heere in Spanith, is pundu- | 
ally without omitting a letter, the contentes of the AZve- | 
rifb paper, and heere you muftnote, that where it fayes 
Lela Marien, it meanes our Ladie the bleffed Virgins 

Marie, Weread the paper, whereof the contents were 


thefe which enfue,) 


VV Hen I was a child, my father hada certeine (hrj- 
V Bian woman captine , that tanght mee in mine owne 
[tongue all the Chriftiaw Religion, and tolde mee many 

things of Lela Marien, The (briftiaw died,,and I kuow fhee 


went 


> 
Mes, 


oan bas thy. fe 


ART4. -  wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


ment sot to the fire, butto Ala, for fhe appeared to oe twice 
after ber death , and. bade mee gac ike Chriftias conn. 


iM > 1am very heamifull and young, end 1 


wary , whows thou truftef? to reade it: doe net trait any.| 
Moore, for. they are all of thens a, traytours, It 


See,good Sir, ific was not great reafon, that the reafons 
comprehended in this Letter fhould recreate and aftonifh | 


ys. And certainly the one and the other was fo preat, as the 


‘runnagate perceiued wellthac the paper was net found by 
chance,but was really addrefled vnto fome one of vs : and ( 


therefore defired ys earnefily,that if chat were.true which he: 


fufpe&ed,that we wouldetrutt and tellityatohim, and hee 


, would aduenture his life to procure our liberties : and faying 


this,he tooke out of his bofeme a Crucifixe of mettle , and 
protefied with very many tearesby the God which that I- 
‘mage reprefented,in whom he, although a finner and wic., |, 
ked man,did moft firmely beleeue, that he would se seat : 
ova 


ae sasps 


4.6 6 The delightfull Hiftery of the - Party. 
loyall and fecret to vs in all that which we ‘would difcouer 
vnto him ; for it feemed to him , and he'almefi deuined chat. 
both himfelfe and we allfhould recouer our liberties byher 
meanes that did write the Letter :and he fhould then alfo 

fee himfelfe in the Rate which he moft defired, to wit, in the 

bofome.of hismotherche holy Catholicke Church ; from'}-” 
which through his ignorance and finne,he wasdeparted and 
deuided as an vnprotitable and corrupt member. The Rene- 
gate faid this with fo many teares , and fuch evident tokens } 

of repentance,as al of vs conferited-ro open our mindes vn- { . 

to him, and declare.the truth of the matter ; and fo wee te- 

| counted wntothim the whole dilcourfe, without concealing’ 

any circcumfance; and fhewed ynto him the window by 

which the Cane was wontto appeare, and he marked the 
houfe from thence,and refted with fpecial charge to informe 

| himfelfe well of chefe that dwelled thérein. We thought alfo 

that it was-requilite co anf{were che ALoery/h Ladies Letter = 

and therefore hating him prefent that could fo well per- 
forme that taske,we caufed the renegate to draw out an an- 

1 {wer prefently as J did dilate it to him,which was pun@ually 
fuch as T will recount : for ofall the moft fubftantial points 
‘that befell me in that affaire; no one is falne out of myme-: 
morie,nor fhall ever as long as I have breath. In effe4'thar 

4 which I anf{wered tothe ALoore,was this. 


g ke E trwe Ahi preferne you deere L adie , and that bleed | 
Marian,who ts the true mother of God , c is fhe that hath 
put in your minde the defrre te goe into the Chriftian (Countries, 
becanfe fhe doth lone yon wel: pray unte ber that fhe will vouch. 
Saft to inftrntt you;bow you noay bring the matter to paffe, which 
commaundcth youte doe; for fhe is (3 feed alte will eafily 
conde(cend todoe it, As for my part I doe promife , as well for 
wey felfe,as for thefe other ( briftians that are with me, to do for 
you all that we are able to doevutill death. Doe not omit to | 


~> ame. ee rere oe a 


perite unto me,and acquaint me with your putpofes and Lill 
vanfwer you encry time : for great Ala bath ginen vs a captive 


{ 


4 


eee | 


| fame,as lam. agood Chriftian : and yan fhall underfland that 


place of the battlements , to fee whether the Cane appea- 


| fiftie duckats,which redoubled our ioyes more then fifty 


Parrg. — wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


Chriftian shat can write and reade your language well, as you 
may perceine'by this paper. So that you may fecurely, and with- 
out any dresd,aduife vs of all that you fhall thinke good, Aud 
as concerning that which you fay that you will become m y wife, 
after we arriue te the ( briftian countries, I doe promife you the 


the Chriftians do accomplifh their wordes far better then do the 
Moores, Ala and Marien bis mother preferne you my dzeres 
Ladies. | 

This Letter being written and inclofed , Iexpe&ed two 
dayes, thatthe Bathes might be free of concourfe , as it was 
wont, which aflaone as it befel, I went vp to my accuftomed 


red; which was prefently afterthruft out at the window. And 
foone as { percciued it, although I could not note who it 
was chat fet it, I fhewed my paper, to giue them warning to 
fefon the threed: but it was already hanging thereon. To 
the which I tied the Letter,and within a while after began 
to appeare our Starre, with the white flagge of peace, and 

the knotted linnen-; which they lét fall,and I tooke vp,and I | 
found therein in diuers forts of money and golde more then 


times, and confirmed the hope wee conceived of attayning 
libertie, The very fame night our Renegate'returned to vs, 
and tolde, how he had learned that the very fame (Moore 

which wee were. informed of before called eA gwimorata | 
dwelt there,and was exceffiue rich,and had one only daug h- 
tet, the heire of all his goods; of whom the common opini- 
on. throughout the citie was, that fhe was the faireft woman 
ofall Barbarie: and that many of the Viceroyes that came 
there had demaunded her to wife, but fhe woul 1 ncuer con- 
difcend to any. motion of avatiage: and that he likewifc had 
vinderitood, that the badfomtimes a ( briffraa captive, which 
now was deceafed, all which agteed with the contents of 
the Letter, We prefently entred in countell with the Rene, 


gate,abour the tneanes we were to vie, to feich away the 
. 1f .... 


a er earrerrrennersserctrrctennrccrceemraaaacaaaamaaaasaaacmscaaas—maaia aes 


| 4.68 | The delightfull Hiflarie of the Parr. | 
4? | | 


eAMoore,and come all of vsto Chrifian landes , and in the 
‘end we concluded to attend for that time, the fecond aduice 
of Zoraida(for fo'was fhe then called , who now meanesto 
naine her (clfe CALaria ) for as much as we cletrely percei- 
ued that it was fhee , and none other that could minifter to 
vs the meanes co remoue all thefe difficulties. After we had 
refted on this refelution, the Renegate bid vs be of good 
courage ,, fer-he would ingage his life , orfet vsat liberty, 
Foure dayes after the Bathes were troubled with people: 
-which was an occafion thatthe Cane appeared not all that 
while. But chat impediment being remoued, and the accu- 
“floned folitude returned, the Cane did againe appeare with 
alinnen hanging thereat fo proficly. impregned,as it promi- 
(ed to be deliuered of a mofthappic burden, Both Cane and 
linnen bent themfelues to me, and inthem] found another 
paper and a hundred duckats in golde , befides other fmall 
money... The Renegate was prefenc, and we gaue him the 
Letter to reade, the effect whereof was this. | 


_| friends : and let one of yon Zoe into the Chriftians coustrey, and 
buy a Barke,and after returne for bis fellowes,and be {hall finde 


{Paxrg. | ‘wittie Knight Dow-Quixote. 


|| emsptic,and will gine thee creat flore of mency. Ala preferne thee. 
| my deere friend, « 
j Thefe were the contents of the fecond Letter, which 
'| being heard by vs all, euery one offered to bee himfelfe 
the ranfomed perfon,and promifed to goe and-resurne with | 
all punctuelity,and J alfo made a proffer of my felfe : to all 
.| which refolutions the Renegate oppofed himfelfe, fayin 
that he would confent in no wife that anyone of vs fhoul 
| be freed , vartill we were all cogether-deliuered: for experi- 
| ence had taught him how euill ranfomed men were wont to 
| keepe thofe promifes which they paffed in the times of their 
| thraldome : for nrany times.certaine prineipall captiues had 
| made that kinde of ttiall , sedeeming of fome one or other 
that fhould poe to Ualemtia or Malerca, with money to 
freight a Barke or Fregac,and retutne for him that had ran- 
fomed them,and did neuer returne againe : for the recoue- 
fed hberty,andthe feare of dduenturing to lofe it againe, 
]:-concarring,did blot out of their memory all the other obli- 
Bations of the world, And to confifme the truth which he a- 
merred he bricfly recounted vnto vs an accident which befel 
:much about the fame time to certaine Chriffian Gentlemen, 
the firangeft,as 1 fuppofe,that euer hapned in thofequarters, 
wherem do fucceede ewery other day events full of wonder. 
and admiration, and therfore concluded , that what ought 
-and might be dene, was,that they fhould giue yuto him to 
buy a Barke,fach money as they meant toimploy in the ran- 
fome of a captive, & he would buy it there in Argiers, vnder 
pretext of becomming a merchant & fayler in Tetman & that 
coft:& being once owner of a Barke,he would eafily deuife . 
how to haue them out of the Baths & imbarke them alshow 
much more if the AZoerif} Ladie did , as the promifed , give 
7 them money cnowgh to ranfom them all, was it a moft eafie 
thing they beinz free,to embarkthéfeliies at midday:but the 
{ greacefi ditficultie in this affaire was,that the Afoores vie not 
| to permit any Renegate to buy any Barke or other fvall): 
veffell. but onely oreat veflelsofwarre: fortheyfefpetthacy 


Se ee 
A470 The delight{ull Hiftorie ofthe. Paxt.4, 


he that buyes a Barke,efpecially ifhe be a Spaniard ,does it 
forno other end butto runne away to Chriftian countries. 
And yet he knew how to facilitate that inconuenience, by 
inducing a Tangerine Moore to become his partner ofthe 
Barke,and the gaines that fhould be gotten by the commo- 
dities thereof, and with this fhaddow hee would become 
Lord of it himfelfe, and therewithall accounted the matter | 
ended, Anc although that both my felfe and my Camaradas 
held it the better courfe to fend vnto CMallorca for one sas 
the CMoorifh Lady faid , yet durft we not contradi&t him, 
fearefull that if we did not what he would haue ys co doe,he 
would difcouer vs,and indanger our liues’, ifhe did oncé de- 
tect Zoraidas practies ; for the fafeguard of vehofe life wee 
would aj] of vs moft willingly aduenture our owne:and 
therfore we determined .to put our felucs iatoGods and the 
Renegateshands, And fo we.anfwered at the fame inftant 
to Zorayda, telling her chat we would accomplith all that 
fhe had admonifhed vs, becaufe fhe had aduertiied vs as wel | 
asif Lela AZarien had told her what fhe fhould {ay,and that | 
the dilating or fhortning of the affair did confit only in her 

felfe. I did offer my felfe ancw to become her husband.: and 

with this the dayenfuing , wherein the Bath was alfofree, 
fhe fent me downe at diucrs times by the Cane two thou- 

fand Duckats,and a Leteer,wherein fhe faid that fhe would 

goetoher fa. hers garden the next /umia , that isthe Friday 

following,and chat before the went away fhe would give 

vsmore money. And ¢hat,ifit weré not enough we fhould 

aduife her,and fhe would giue vnto vs asmuch as we would. 
demaund ; for her father had fo much treafyre , as he would 


on 
9 
o- 
= 
m . 


redecmed my felfe, giving the money toa Valewtian Mer- 
chant, which was at that feafon in Argiers,who did ranfome 
me of the King, taking me farth:an his word ;- which he paf 
{ed to pay my ranfome, at the arriuallofthe firt Ship chac 


| Pasrg. wittie Knight Dos-Qusxote. 


fhould come from CUalentia, For if hee had delivered the 
money inftantly,it would have given occafion to the King 
to fufpect that my ranfome was many dayes before in .4r- 

jers,and that the Merchant had kept it filently, to make his 

nefite thereof. Finally, my Mafler was fo cauilousas J 
durft not in any wife pay him prefently. 

The Thurfday before the Friday of the beautiful Zeraidas 
departure towardsthe garden , fhe gaue ynto vs other two 
thoufand duckats , and did likewife aduife vs of her going a- 
| way, intreating me that as foone as I had ranfomed my felfe 

I fheuld learnethe way to the garden, and take occafion 
howfoeuer to goe to it,and feeher. I anfwered her bricfly , 
that] would doe fo,and pers hertbat fhe would carefal- 
ly commend our proceedings to Lela (Marien, with thofe 
prayers which the captive had taughit her. This being dene, | 
order was alfo given for the ranfoming of my three compa- 
niens,to facilitate our iflue out of the Bathes, and alfo that 
they feeing me free,and themfelues vndeliuered , might not 
be troubled or perfwaded by the Diuell ,to doe any thing in 
preiudice of Zorayda, For although that they, being the 
men of that quality they were , might aflure me from this 
feare , I would not forall that, aduenture the matter, and 
therefore I caufed them to bee ranfomed by the fame 
meanesthat I was redeemed my felfe, giving all the mone 
to the Merchant,that he might with the more fecurity pafle 

his word for vs : to whom yet we neuer did difcouer. 
our praGtife ye reafon ofthe 
eminent danger of the difco- 
uery thereof, 


Gg 3 Crap, 


Fhe delightful Hiftorie of the P ar 1.4. 


Cuar. XIII 


Wherein the csptine profecuteth the plecfant narration of 


aw, F Ifteene dayes were not fully expired, when 
b NES the Rencgate had bought him a very good 
PA? Barke , able to holde thirty perfons or more ; 
and for the betree coloor and affisrance‘of his 
bufineffe, he made a voyage to 2. place called 


Ha Sy which isthirty leagues -diftant from | _ 


Argiers towards the fide of Oran,and is agreat place of traf- 
| fique for drice Figges. Hemude this voyage twife er thrife 
in company vith the Fagawne,of whom we made mention: 
and. the name of Tagarme isin’ Barbary: given to the Afaors ' 
of Arvagon, Granada,and Ad ude/ares, Anu m the Kingdome 

of Fez thole At wdefares are called Eleles, and are the Nati. 
on which that King doth moftimploy in warlike affaires, 
Youfhall therefore ynderfland chat cudzy cinte be paffed by 
| wiek his Berke he did eaft-Ancreinaketle cricke; tvife the | 
thot of e Crosbe w fiom the garden wherein Zarayda atten- 
1 deds and there the Renegatewwoukdin vory goodcarmefiex. 
| ercife bimnfelfe withthe Mooseschat rowed,eyther to fic or 
eKeta-afloult ene another in jefkag he meant to! doe ofér in 
good esrrieft : and would: nowanad then gotta Zeriydas 
garden, dad detnaund fruits... which ber tathes would be- 
ftow vpon him, without knowing what. bee was: and al- 
though hee defired to haue'fpoken with Zorayda , 
as hee tolde mee afterward himfelfe , and haue infor- 
med her, how it was hee that was to carty hertawayby m 

direétion into theland of (briffians, and that thee Mobld 
thercfore liue chearfull and {eeure, yet was it never poffible, 
‘forafauch as the women of chat nation do not fuffer them- 
{clues to be viewed by any A@vore or Tarke ifhe be not their 
husband, er that their parents command them, yet do they 


—_——< 


Panag — wittie Knight Dow- Quixote, 


haunt and communicate themfelues to Chriffian captives 
freely, and that fometimes more then isconuenient,and ctu- 
| ly it would haue gricuedme, that he fhould haue {poken vn- 
| to her, for perhaps it would haue perplexed her extraordina- 
, Fily, to fee her affaire committed to the cruft'of a runnegate: 
‘but God who did otherwile difpofe ie, didnot concurre 
with this good defire of our renegate : who feeing how 
fafely he went and returned froin Sarge/, and chat he foun- 
‘ded when and where he pleafed; and that the Tagarme his 
' partner did only what he liked, and that I was ranfomed, 
‘and nothing elfe wanting , bur to finde out fome Chriftians 
that wouldrow, hee bad mee bethinke my felfe what men I 
would brine away with mee befides thofe chat I had ranfo- 
med, and-that I fhould warne themto bee ready againft the 
imext Friday , wherein hee wasrefolued that wee fhould de. 
patt. ; Se. oe, mete 7. ) 
Seving this,I fpake to cweltte Spaniards very lufty rowers, 
and thote that could with moff liberty: get out of the Citry : 
and it wasnot a little matter to finde fo many there at that 
time, for there were twenty gallies abroad a robbing, which 
| had carried all che other rowers with them , and thefe were 
left behinde becaufe their Mater did keepe at home that 
Sommer to finifh a galley chat was or the Stockes a making. 
Tothefe I faid nothing elfe, but only wamed them that the 
Friday enfuing in-tlre evening, they fhould clofely Reale our 
by on¢ aud one, and gore towards eA gwimorares Garden, 
and thereexpect me vatill Fcame ynto them. I gate this ad- 
uice to every one of thema part, with otder alfo, tharal- 
though they faw any other Chriféans there, they fhould tell 
them nothing elfe, but chat 1 had commaunded them to ex- 
pect me in thar place: This diligence being vied, yet wanted 
there another, which wasthe moft expedient ofall, to wit, 
to aduife: Zoraide of the termes wherein our affaires did 
fland, tothe end fhee might be likewife.ready and prepared, 
and not afhighted though wee did aGault her beforeche 
time that thee could imagine the barke of tite Chrigteans to | 


4-74. 


-agood while before : and as the Afoori{h women doe not 


The delight full Hiftorie of the Parr. 4. 


be come to fetch her away; and cherefore I refolued co goe 
my felfe vatothe Garden and fee whether I might {peake 
with her s and taking the occafion to goe and gather fome 
hearbs, I went vnto it the day before our departure, and the 
ficft perfon with whem Jencountred was her father,who de- 
manded of me in a language which in all Barbarie and Cow- 
frantineple is vfually fpoken by the AZoores to their captiues, 
andis neither, Arabians , Spanifh, nor of any other nation, 
but rather a mnixture of all languayes wherewith all of vs vn- 
derftand one another :he, I fay, in that kinde of fpeech de- 
manded of me, what I fought for in that his garden, and to 
whom I did belong ? I anfwered that I wasone erpante 
Mamihisflaue (andchis, becaufe I was very certainely in- 
formed that he was his intire friend) and that I came thither 
co gather of all forts of bearbs to make a fallade : he confe- 
quently asked of me whether I was a man of ranfome orno, 
and how mucli my Mafter demaunded for me ?and being in 
thofe quettions and demaunds, the beautifull Zarasda def- 
cended trom the houfe into the garden, whohad efpyed me 


greatly eftrange themfelues from the fight of Christians, we 
are in their behauiour or conuerfation with them any thing 
{queainifh,as we haue faid already, fhee did not greatly feare 
to approch the place where her father talked with mee: but 
rather, her father perceiuing that fhee came on fomewhat 
flowly, did call, and commanded herto draw neare, 

_ It were a thing impoffible for mee to recount the great 
beauty and yallant difpofition , or the bravery and riches of 
attyre, wherein my beloucd Zoraida then fhewed her felfe 
to mine eyes. I willonly fay this, that there hanged more 
Pearles at her eares, fuperJatiue faire necke, and haire, then 
{hee hath haires on her head, about the wrefts ofher legges, 
which were naked after the manner of her Countrey, thee 
wore two Carcaxes (for fo the manicles or bracelets of the 
fete arecalled in the AZorifco tongue ) of the finelt gold, 
wherein were inchaced fo many Diamonds, chat as fhee told 


oo 


8 


P ART.4. | wittie Knight Don-Qutxote. 


ey 

me after her father valued them at tweaty thoufand crowns; 
and thofe about the wrelts of her hands , were of equall e- 
| fteeme. Her pearles were many, and thofe moft Orient; for 
‘| all the chiefe brauery and ornament of the CMoors/h Ladies 
conGifts in the adorning of themfelues with Pearles & Pearle 
feede ; by reafon whereof there is more Pearles and Pearle- 
{eede to be found among the Afeores then among all the o- 
| ther nations of the world: and Zoraidas father had the fame 
to haue many, and thofe the very befithat were in Argiers ; 
and alfo aboue twe hundred thoufand Duckats of Spanifh 
gold: ofall which was fhee the Lady,who now is mine.And 
if with allchis ornament fhee could then feeme faire, bythe 
relikes that haue remained vnto her among fo many labors, 
may bee eaftly gheffed , what thee would Pane beencin the 
time of profperity ? for all of vs dee know that the beauty of 
fome women hath limited dayes and feafons, and requireth 
-certayne accidents either to diminifh or increafe it, and it is 
athing naturall to the paffions ofthe minde, either to raife, 
‘or abafe it, but moft commonly they wholly deftroy it. To 
| be briefe, I fay, that thee arriued to the place witere we dif- 
_courfed at that time moff richly.attyred , and beautifull be- 
yond meafure,or I at laft deemed her the faireft that I had e- 
uer beheld vatill then :and herewithall remembring the ob- 
ligation wherein fhee had tyed me, thought that fome Dei- 
tie had prefenced ic {elfe to my view, being come fram heae 
uen to the earth, for my recreation and reliefe. 

As foone as fhee was arriued herfather told her in her 
owne language, how I was. his friend Arnante Mami his 
captiue, and that I came there to gathera fallade : then thee 
taking the fpeech , demaunded in that medly of tonguesof 
which I haue fpoken, whether.I was a Gentleman, and what. 
the reafon. was-why I redeemed not my felfe 2. I madean- 
{were , that I was already ranfomed ,. and by theranfome 


feeing hee had for my liberty a thoufand and fine hundred 
Coltamis , ta.this thee aniwered; In good footh, if thou 
: wer 


_ | might be coaiectured, in how much my Matter valued me, . 


ATS 


| 


Ca 
ee 


Cet ee Oe ee 


The delightfull History of the PAR 1.4. 


———e> 


werft my fathers , 1 would caufe him netto giue thee for 
twice as much more: for you ( briftians are great lyars, and 
doe make cuery one of your {clues poore men , to defraude 
the CMoores-of their dueranfome. It may well bee fo. Ma- 
dame, quothI, bue] have for my part vied all cruth in this 
affaire with my Mafter, and doe, and will , vfe truth with as 
many perfons as 1 fhall euer haue occafon to ercate with in 
this world, and when doft thou goe away, quoth Zeraida? 
to morrow as I beleeue, quoth I. Forthere is a French vef- 
{ell here , which fets forth to morrow , and I meane to de- 
patt in her : were it not better, replyed Zoratda , to expect 
vatill veficls come out of Spasse , and goe away with them, 
then with thofe of France, which are net your friends ? no, 
quoth I, although if it were true as the newes runne , chat | 
there comes.a veffell from Spaine,I would attend it ; but yet | 
it is more certaitae that I fhall depart to morrow: for the de- 
fire I haue to fee my felfe at home inmy Countrey, and with 
thofe perfons whom I loueis fo great, as is will not permit 
me to expect any other commodity , that foreflowes.it felfe 
becitneucr fo good. Thou are deubtlefly marryed in thy 
Countrey, {aid Zoraida,and therefore defireftvo gee fee thy 
wife ? 1 am not marricd ,queth I,buc I haue pafied my word 
tomarry, as foone as] am there fafely arrived. And is thee 

| beautifullto whome than halt paft it , quoth Zoraida ? fo 
beautifull, faid I, ae to isdeere it andcell youthe trurh, fhoe. 
is verylikevacoyourfelte, Hereat her tather.lawghed very 

j harcily, and faid, Hn. good camel? Christeak fee rruft bove- 
ry fair chat may compare with my daughters, who.iethe molt |. 
beautitull of all chis Kingdome: and:1f chou-wilt not beleeue 

me logke on her well, and thes fhale {ee shar I cel] chee bur 


the troch, Hehinelie:, asmaft pertedt inthe toneue , did. 
feruo for tho interpreter of molt of our {peeches; for a!- 
though thee could. {peake that ilegitimate language which 
is therc in vic ,yet did fhee manifett her mind more by fignes 
then by wordes, eee a 
Wil chus wee reafoned of many-matters, sherecame | ; 


— eee ‘all hg a iS a 


PARY.4.  wettie Knight Don-Quixete. 


oe @ eee 


running towards vs a certaine Afoore , and'told his Matter 
how foure Tarkes had leaped ouerthe Garden walles, and 
were gathering the fruits although they were not yet ripe. 
The old man and his daughter Zoraida flarted here at ; fot it 
is an yniuerfalland naturall defect in the Afeoresto fearc the 
Tarkes, but {pecially the Souldiers of that nation, who are 
commonly fo infolent, and haue fuch command over the 
(Moores that aretheir fubiects ; as they doe vfe thetn worfe 
then if they were their flaues. Therefore Zoraidas father {aid 


-wnte her; daughter retyre thy felfe into the houfe, and kcep |. 


thy felfein whileft J gor fpeake to thofe dooges; and thou |} 

Chriftian poe and fecke out thine hearbs,and depart in pood | 
- houre,and I pray A/a to condud thee fafely ro thy Country, | 

I inclined my felfe to him, amd he depatted to fearch out the | 
‘ Turkes, leanitig meatone with Zoraida,who bean to make | 
adoe as if fhe went whither her father trad comtnanded her; |. 
but {carce was hee coucred amonp the trees of the Garden |: 
when thee returned to me, with hereyes fall of teares , faid. |. 
Amexi Chriftiano Amex, that is, gocft thou away Christian, 
goeht thou away ?lanfwered, yes Ladie, that I doe, but } 


will neuer depart away ‘without thee: expect mee the next | 


Friday, and be not affrtghted when thou fhalt fee vs , fot we | 
, will poe to the Chriftian Countrey then, without all doubr, 
This.I faid ¢o her ity fach fort as fhe ynderflood all my words 
very well, and cafting hee arme ouet my necke, flce began |. 
totrauaile with Janguiffing fleps towards the houfe, and |. 
fortune would (which might fraae beene very iff, if heanen |: 
had not reftified ichhat aswe walked together in that man- 
nerand forme, her father ;-who did by this returne after hee 
had caufed the Tarkesto depart, efpyed vs , and we faw alfo |. 
very well row he had percdinted vs: wherefore Zoraida,who | 
1s very difereet , would nov take away her artic fron my |! 
necke, but rather dFew nearet vate me,and laid her Read on 
my bre(t, and bowed her kneesa little, with cutdent token | 
that fhee fwoured , and ¥ fikewife made astbeose> Tdid fu- 
(laine her vp by force. Her fither cante ran” wards 


S 
VS, 


477 


© eet dy 


see eee 


4.78 The delight{ull Hiforieofthe Part.de 


bly ne sca Sc ae de eee 
vs, and feeing his daughter in that Rare,demanded the caule 
of her, but feeing fhee made no anfwere , hee himfelfe faid, 
fhe doubtlefly is difmaide by the fuddaine affright fhe tooke 
at the entrance of thofe Dogges: and taking her away from 

-me,he bowed her to his owne breft : and thee breathing out 

afigh, with her eyes yet full ofteares, faid againe, eA mexi 
Chriftiane Amexi, goe away Chriffian, goe away : to which 
her father replyed, chere is no caufe daughter why the Cori- 
fiian fhould goe away, for he hath done thee no harme, and 
the Turkes are already departed, Sir they haue affrighted 
her (quoth ]) as:you haue faid, but yee fince fhee hath com- 
manded mee to goe away , I will not offend her; therefore 
refin peace , for I willreturne , if it pleafe you to gitle mee 
leaue, for hearbsto this garden, when it is needfull ; formy 
Mafier faies there are none better to be found for fallades nm 
any other garden,then you haue here in this :. come as oft as 
thou wilt, faid Agsimerato , for my danghter fais not this, 
in refped& that thou or any otherChriftian hath offended her, 
but chat, meaning to fay, that the Tarkes fhould goe away, 
(hee bad chee to tea: or elfe thee fpakeit, becaufe it is 
time for thee to gather thine hearbs, 

With this I tooke leaue of both, . and fhe feered at the 
inftant of my departure to haue had her heart torne away 
from her, as fhe departed with her father; and] vader colour | , 
of feeking herbs,went about all the garden at my leafure, 

{ and viewed all the fallics, and the’ entrances thereof, the | 
frength of the houfe,and che commodities that might bee 
offered to facilitate our enterprife. This being done,I came 
home and made a relation to the renegate,and my other fel- 
lowes ofallthat had paffed : and did long infinitely to fee the 
hower wherein I might, without any affright or danger,pof- 
feffe that happineffe which fortune in the faire and louely 

Z praidesolizred wnto mee. In fine the time paficd oucr,and 
the fo much defired day and terme arriued : and everyone of | 
vs following the order, which with mature;confideration 

and long difcourfe wee had agreed on, we found the yood 


[Parwriqg. — wittieKnight Don-Quixote. 


fucceflé we defired, ‘For the ‘very Friday following the day 
wheerin I had fpoken with Zorarda in the garden, Morre- 
nago (for fo was the renegate called )neere night caf anchor 
almoft right before theplace wherein the beautifull Zeraide 
remained.’ The Chriftians alfo that were to row;- ‘were rea- 
die,and hidden ia fundrie places there abouts, : All were fuf- 
pended,and refolutely expected my comming, defirous to fet 
vpon the Barke that was before their face : for: they knew 
not of the apreement that was betweene mec andthe tene- 
gate; bucrather made full account thae they.were to’ gaine 
their liberty by force ofarmes,and killing the AZosres that 
caineinthatveffell, .° - hes Mes | Ga 
- Tteherefore befcll,that as foone.as] and my fellowes ap- 
pearéd all the reft hac were hidden, -and efpied vs , made 
forthwith oder towards vs, This was at‘an hower. when the 
, Citie pates were fhuc, and neuer a.-bodie abroadamene all 
| thofe fields: and when wee were altogether, wee were in 
doubt whetherit would be beft, firftto goeand fetch Zorai- 


' caufe of our flay, and he anfwered that it: was of moft im- 


portance, firlt to fubiect the vellell which might be done | 


' with very Sreatfactlitie, and withouc any perill, andchat we. 


“tight goe after for Zoraida. His opinion: likedvs all verie | 
well,and therefore without lingring any longer, he leading | 


the way we caine to the veffell,; and he: bimfelfe leaping in 


‘And faying fo all the reQhof the ChasSians entred-the ALoores 
‘which were ‘of little fpiric, hearing their matter fay fo, 
were maruelloufly amazed, and without daring, any onc of 
them‘to fet har! to their armes,which were but afewat all; 
theytafere. —s_- ules very .quietly to be taken and bcund 


da,or to imprifon.& flonethe Tagarime Afoores, thatrowed | 
inthe frigat, Ard Being inthis doubr,therenegatecame to | 
| vs, asking vpon what weflayed; for mwas now. high time | 
to be going away and all his ALZeorcs were wretchlefle, and |. 
che greater number of them a fleepe : We told him then the | 


firtt df all fer‘hand to his faulchion and fzid, in CMorifco ler. | 
none ot youthac ts, heere-Mirre himfelfe;: if he lone his life. | 


h 


eee | 


The delightful Hiflorieof-the ~Parrg 


er eae aaa aaa caaaecemnaaaasaaaaa aaa aaa) 
bythe Cbriffians, which did it very dexterioufly, threatning 
them that if they did let flip the leaft outcry, they-fhould pre- 
fently be all put to the {word: this being finifhed, and the 
halfe of our peeple remaining in their guard, wee-chat were 
left, condubied alfo by the renegase, went towards e4qui- 
moratus catden, the doore thereef did, by very good bap, 
open with as little noife as if it it hadhad no locke at all: 
Whereupon we went with great quietnefie and filence to- 
wards the houfe vofelt or fied ofany. | 
The beautifull Zoraide was the while expecting vs ata 
windo w, and as foone as the felt people approach, deman- 
ded with a low voice whether we were Nizerans, as if 
fhe would fay or aske, whether we were ‘Chriffians? J an- 
f{wered that we wre, and willed her to come downe, As 
foone as fhe knew mec, fhe flayed nota minute, but with- 
out aie any yrosd,;came downe in aa inflant; and 
opening the doore, fhewed ber felfeto vs all more beauti- 
full, and ‘richly attired,then I am able in any fort to expreffe, 
| As foone as } faw her, Iteoke her by the hand, and kiffed ic, 5 
the fame did the renegate, and my two Camaradas sand all } 
| the reft which knew not the matter, did as they had [eene vs 
I} doe-beforethems for it feemed that wee did 20 more but 
'| give-herchankes, andackaowledge her the auctrefle of all | 
our liberties, The renegat demaunded ef her in her owne | 
gal cs ele her father were ia the garden or no? fhe 
3 eredthat he was,8ethat he flept;then wil it be requifite | 
quoth the renegat, torowlc him,& beare bim,& al che other 
things of worth in this garden away with ys:that fhal not be 
| f0, (queath the, for I will: haute no man to touch nay father, 
and in this houfe there is nothing of value, but that which I 
Neane to catry away with my felfe, which isfo much as will 
oe fufficient.to checreand:-inrich you all : asif you will flay 
but a while, you fhail perceiue. And laying fo, the entred 
apaine into the houfe, promifing to returne ito vs fpeedily, 
and bade vs {tanid ftill without making any.noife, Ideman-. 
ded of the renegate what fpeechy had paffed betweene. them, 


~ } Araightly embraced,and tha 


caer | did 


Pa x 14. wittie Knight Don-Quixote, 


ee ed 
and he told me all fhe had faid, and I anfwered him apaine 
that I would not haue Zoraidas will tranfgreft in any+fort: 
by this time fhe returned loden with a litcle Casket full of 
gold, fo that fhe was fcarce.able-to beare ic. Aad her father 
in the meane feafon,by bad fortune awaked, and heardthe | 
noyfe that was bencathin his garden, and looking out at a | 
windowihe legate that they were all Chrzffiens that were 
in it, & therfore cried out ina loudand vnmeafurable maner 
inthe eradian.tongue , Chriffians, Chriftians, Theenes, 
T heenes ; by which cries we were all of vs ftrucken into ve- 
ry great feareand confufion :.:but the renegate fteing the 
perill:wherein we-were, and how neerely it concerned him 
to come off :fromthat enterprize, before he were difcoue- 
| red,ranne vp very {peedilyto the place where Aquimorato.| 
Aood,and fome of our fellowes accompanied him (for I 
durftnot abandon Zoraida, who had falne berweene mine 
armes all amazed) and in conclufion thofe which had moun- 
ted behaued themfelues.fo well,as they brought Agwimera- 
so-downe.in a trice, hauing tied his hand, and feta gagge. 
in his mouth, which hincred his{peech, threatning him 
thacif hee did {peake but. a word, it. fhould coft him. his 
life. . | 
When his daughter faw him, fhe couered hér eyes be- 
caufe fhe would not behold him, and he maruelled.j .wholy 
ignoring with how good. will fhe came away with vs: but 
then canfiderin g that nothing was fo requifite as.our legges, | .. 
we did with al velocity S&diligence get into the frigat,for our 
companions didperplexedly expect our.returne,halte afraid 
that fome difprace had befalne vs... Scarfe were two-hourcs 
of che night ouerrunne when we were:all imbarked : and] 
then we vnmanacled Zorasdas fathers hands, and tooke the | . 
cloath out of his moath. But the renegate did againe admo- 
nith him,that as he tendred his life he fhould not {peake one 
“| word, he beholding his daughter likewife theré,beganne to 
figh very feelingly, but ely E erceiuipg” me to hald her fo | 


- made norefiftance 4 nor 


Nene en ae ae 
48 2 The delightfull History of the PAR T.4. 


didcomplaine or feeme coy, bat ftood quiet. But yet for all 
thachekeptfilence, fearing left they fhould put the rene- 
gates menaccs inexceution, Zoraida feeing her felfe now 
fafe within the. Barke, and that we were readie to row away, 
looking on her father,and the other AZoores that were tied 
therein,fhe intreated the renegate to tell me how fhe deti- 
: red me to doe her the fauour to fet thofe ALeores and her fa- 
ther at liberty,for fhe would rather cafther felfe into the Sea 
then fee a father, who had loueti hes fo dearely, caried away 
captiue before her eyes,andthatalfo. by her occafion. The 
renegate told me her minde,and I anfwered how I was ve- 
ry well pleafed it fhould be fo : buc he replied, that it was in 
no fort expedient, by reafon that if they were landed there, 
they would prefently raife the countrey, and pu the whole 
Citic intoa tumult, and caufe certaine light Frigats to bee 
mannéd,and fent out in our pursuite; and: Jay both Sea and 
land for.vs in {uch fort as it would be impoflible for vs to ef- 
cape: bucthat as might bee done was to giue them liberty 
at the firtt Christian countrey whereat we arriued: All of vs. 
apreed to.this opinion, and Zeraida alfo (to whom reafon 
was giucn of che motiues we had not to free them forthwith | 
and accomplifh her will therein) remained fatisfied : and 
therefore prefenely with ioyfull filence , and cheerefull difi- 
pence cuery one of our luftie rowers, ceafing vpon his oare, 
we beginne, after we had commended our .fclues vato Al- 
mighty God,to Janch fosth,and addrefle ourceurfe towards 
uhe Iles of ALallorce, whichis the neereft Chriffiae country: 
‘but by rcafon that the wind blew fomwhar from the moun- 
taines,anc thatthe Sea began to be rough, it was not poffi- 
ble to cantinue that courfes and fo wee were forced to ap- 
praach the fhore, & go by little and little towards Oren not 
without great eriefe and anguith, for feare to. be efpied by 
the towne of Sargeil, vvhich is on thatcoft, and falles fome 
| feuentie leagues beyond Argrers: and wve did likewife feare 
to mecte in that paflage fome galicat of .thofewvhichcome 
ordinarily vvith merchandize fron: Tetuen, althou ylreuerie 


PART.4.  _ wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


one of vs for himfeif, & for alcogether,did prefum>,thae if we 
encountred a galliot of merchandize,fo it were not a Pirate, 
that not only we wold not be loft, but rather would take the 
veffell chat therein we might with more fecurity finifh our 
voyage, Zoraida whilfi thus we failed, went with her head 
between my handg, becaufe fhe would not looke on her fa- 
ther, and I felt her,how the was fiill inuoking of Le/a Ma- 
rien to affift vs,and hauing failed about fome thirty leagues, 
the morning ouertook vs about fome three Musket fhot fra 
land, in a place that feemed to be defart , and free fram all 
accefle of thofe that might difcouer vs; and yet for all thac, 
b we got by might and maine,fomewhat forther into the Seas, 
chat now were become alittle calmer , and hauing entred 
fome two leagues into the maine, order was giuen,that they 
fhould row by curnes,whilfithey did refrefb themfelues and 
take a little fultenance,for the Barke was very well furnifhed 
wich vidtuals, althoughthofe which did rowe, refufed the 
| offer faying that then it was no time to repofe,and that they 
fhould fet thofe that did not row to dinner, for they would 
not yct in in any fort let go their Oates. It being done as 
cheyghad faid,the wind did rife fo much as it nade vs aban- 
doning our Oares, to {et faile and dire& our Boat towards 
Oran,bejng vnable to take any other courfe : all was done 
with very great {peed, & fo we made by the faile more then 
eight miles an hower, free from all other feare, then that df 
encountring fome veflell of war. We gaue the Afoores our 
prifoners their dinner,and the renegate conforted them,fay- 
ing that chey went not as prifoners, for they fhould receive 
their liberty, vpon the firft commodity that were proferd. 
The fame was likewile faid to Zoraidas father,who returned 
them this anfwere. I would eafily expect and belecue any o- 
ther thing O Chriftians of your liberality & honorable man- 
ner of proceeding, but do not thinke that I am fo fimple as 
once to imagine that you will giue me my liberty , for you: 
_| did neuer! expofe your felfe to: the danger of ditpoiling (me 
thereof, with intention to returneggme fo prodially againe, 


mteae _ 


The delight{ull Hifterie ofthe. Pant.4. 


efpecially knowing as you do,who I am,and the profit which 
you may reape by giving me it againe,to which profit if you 
wil put a name, & tel me how much would you demand, Ide 
even from hence offer vnto you all that which you will feeke 
for me,& for that vnfortunate daughter of nrinc,or if. you wil 
not deliuerme, I will give you it: for herglone , whois the 
greateft,& the beft part of my foule. And {faying fo, he began 
to weep fo bitrerly,as he moucd vs all co copafhon,& foreed 
Zoraida to looke vpon him; who feeing him weepe,was fo 
ftrangely moued as arifing fr6 my feet,fhe went & embraced 
her father,and laying her face vpon his,they began tegether 
fo tender a lamentation,as many of vsthae were in the Bark 
were forced to keep thee cpany:but when her father noted 
her to be forichly adorned, & withfo many Iewels on,he af- 
ked her in his own language,how haps this daughter that ye~ 
Nernight late before this terrible difafler befel vs, wherin we 
_are plunged, I faw thee attired in thine ordinary boufhold a- 
ray,& that now without hauing had any leafure to apparrel 
thy felf,or hauing giué thee any glad tidings for whofe folé- 
tvizing thou oupheett toadorne Svpublifhehy felfe,] do view 
Uree thuw clad in the richeft attire which] could beflow yon 
thee, when our fortune was moft fauourable, ‘Anfwer me to 
this, for thou haft fufpended and aftonifhed mee more then }° 
the very difgrace it felfe wherein I am. Ro 4 
“All thatthe CAoore faidro his daughterthe renegate de- § 
clared ynte'vs, and fhe did not anfwere a word to him : bur 
when he faw the little coffers fie at one fide of the Barke, 
wherein fhe was wont to keepe her lewels, and that hee 
knew very well flie hadleft at Argiers, and: not brought to 
the garden, he. was much mere amazed, and demraunded 
of her how that coffer was come into ourpofieffion, and 
what things the had there wirtytir ? to: which the Tenevate 
without attending that Zeraidamtopld anfwere him, faid, Sir 
do not trouble your felfe by dealing fo many things of 
your daughter Zerasda,for with one chat I will fay,] thal fa- 
| Usfie-chem all :and therefore you flrall ynderftand that thee 


7 neuer fo effrange it felfe from thee, as to abandon or harme - 


o dolefully as ifhe had beene dead. There we laid him with his 


Par r.g- wittie Kwight Dow-Quixote. 


| is a Chriftian,and hath been the ,file chatcut offour chaines, 

| and is the liberty it felfe of our captiuitie , and fhe goeth a- 
4 long with vs of her owne free will,as content(if mine imagi- 
i} nation doth not wrong me)to fee her felfe in this Rate, as he 
| is that commeth out of darkeneffe to the light, fromdeath 
vnto life , and-out of paineintoglory. Is it true daughter, 
J} which this man fayes,quoth the Moore? Itis,anfwered Zo- 
| vaydaxthatthou in effect art a Chriftian,replyed the old man, 
if and fhe that hath put her father into his enemies hands? To 
4 whichZ, orayda anfwered,] am fhe that isa (oritia,butnoc 
_ | thethac hath broughe thee to this paffe : for my defire did 


} thee,but onlyendeuored to do my {elf geod. And what pood 
| haft chou done thy felf daughter?demand that,faid theof:Le- 
| la Marien,forthe can therin informe thee better then I can. 
-Searce had the Moore heard her fay fo, when with incre- 
| dible hafle he threw himfelfe headleng into. the Sea, where- 
| in hee had beene queftionlefly drowned ,ifthe long appa- 
| rellhe woreon, had not kept him vp a while aboue the wa~ 
ter. Zoraida cried out to vsto faye him, and fo we all pre- 
| fently rannej, and laying hold on a part of his Turkith robe, 
drew him vp halfe drawned,and wholly deuoyde of feeling, . 
Whereat Zorayda was{o grieued, that fhe lamented him as 


4 mouth downward, and he auoyded a great quantity of wa- 
ter,and after the (pace of two hoares returned to himfelfe a- 
| gaine :and in the meane tinse che winde alfo turning , it did 
} driue vs towatds the coatt; fothat. we were conftrayned to 
| keepe our felues by very force of armes from Ariking vpon 
| it, and our good tortune direCting Vs , we arriucd to a little 
| crecke at the fide of a certaine Cape or Promontory, called 
‘| bythe cAfoores the Cape of the ( ana Ramia , which in our 
| language fionifies the dl Chrifisan womsan : and the Moores 
| hold itfora traditionxthat in the very fame place was the 
Cana buried ,for whom Spaine was loft, and conquered by | 


the (Moores: for Cana in their language fignifics an il/wo- 
= h 2 Int. 


486 | + ‘The delightful Hiflorieofthe . Part 


manand Rumia aChriftian : yea,and they holde it for a igne 
of misfortune to arrive or caft Ancre there, when meere ne- 
ceffity drives them thither » without which they neuer ap- 
proach it,yet did it not proue to-vs the fhelter ofan ill wo-: 
man,but the fecure hauen of our fafery. We fent our Centi- 
nels a fhore,and neuer lec the Oares fl'p:out of our hands : 
We did likewife eate of the Renegates proyifion , and hear- 
tily befought Almightie God and our Ladie to afsift and fa- 
vour vs with a happy end,to fo Juckie a beginning. And we 
apreed vpon Zoraydas intreatic , to fet her father ard the o- 
ther Moores that we had tied , a Jand in that place: for fhe 
was of fo tender and compafsionate a minde, as fhe could in 
no wife brooke to fee ber father tied in her prefence , or her 
countreymen borne away captives: wherfore we made her a. 
promife that we wold at our departure let them go al away, 
feeing we incurd no danger by leauing them in that inhabi- 
table defart:our prayers were not fo vain, but that theyfound 
gentle acceptance in heauen, which prefently changed the . 
-winde and appeafed theSea, inuiting vs.cheerfully to returne 
to it againe,and profecute ous commencedvoyage, — 
Seeing that the weather was fauourable, we loofed the 
Moors & fet them ala land one by one;and comming to dif- 
mbark Zoraydas father,who was by that time wholly coine 
to himfelfe,he (aid, For what doe you coniecture (briffians, 
that this bad woman is glad that you giue me libertie ? Do 
you thinke that fhe doth i for pitie chat fhe takes of me? 
Notruely, but fhe dothic onely to remoue the hinderance 
my prefence gaue her when fhe would execute her vnlawful 
| defires., Nor ought you to beleeue that fhee ig moued to 
change religion , byreafon chat fhe vnderftands yours to be 
betrer then her owne,but onely becaufe fhe knowes licenti- 
oufnefic to be more publickely and freely practifed in your 
countrey then among vs: & then turning to Zorayde,whom 
Jand another Chriftian held faftby boshthe armes left thee 
fhould do fome defperate acte,he faid,O infamous girle, and 
il-aduifed mayden , where doft thou runne thus blinded and 


a ms — diftraG- 


-. OT UR te oS a Ge eee 8 
e 


PARtT.4. .  wittie Knight Don-Quixote, 


diflragted, in the power of thofe dogges our naturall ene- 
mies ? Curfed be the houre wherein I engendred thee, and 
| curfed the delights and pleafures wherin thou waft noufled. 
\T perceiving thathe was not like to make an end of hisexe- 
| crations fo foone as I could wifh,had him fet on fhore, and 
"| thence he profecuted his maledictions, and plaints praying 

1 ¥nto seslacttant! he would intercede with e/a, that we 
~ | might beall deltroyed,confounded,& caft away. And when 
awe could heare his werds no longer , by reafon that we fet 
faile, we perceiued his works,that were,to plucke his beard, 
ie his.haire,and cafthimfelfe on the poms but once he 
G8id lift vp his Qycefo high, as that we heard him fay, reeurn 
T beloued davehter,returne to the land, for I doe pardon thee 
all chat chow haft done,and deliuer that money to thofe men, 
for it isnow theirowne, andreturne thou to comfort thy 
fadde and defolate father, who will forfake his life on thefe 
defolate fands,ifthoudoft abandonhim. = - 

_ Zorayda heard him fay all this,and lamented thereat, but 
knew not howto fpeake, or anfwere him any other thing 
but this,Father mine,1 pray 4/e that Lela Marien,who hath 
beene the caufe of my becomming a ( brifian, may likewife |: 
comfort thee in thy forrow. Ala knowes well that I could 
do none other then I did,& that thefe C4rsfiaws do owe me 
nothing for my good wil,feeing that though I hadpot tome 
away with them,but remained at my houfe, yet had it beene 
impofible(fuch was the haft wherewithall my foule preffed 
me)not to haue executed this my purpofe , which @emes to 
me to be as good,as thou O beloued father , doft account it 
wicked. She faid this in a time that neither ber father could 
heare her,nor we beholde him : and therefore after I had 
comforted Zorayda, wedidthenceforth onely attend our 
voyage, which was fo much holpen by the fauorabe winde, 
as we made full account to bee the nextday on tht colt of 
Spaine : butas good very feldome or rather neuer, betides a 
man thoroughly and wholly , without being accompanied 
or followed by tome euill which troubles and affaules it; our 

: H h 2 fi or- 


é 


| 48 8 | The delightful Hiflorie of the Part. 


fortune would, or rather the maledictions of the C#loore 
powred ont his daughter: (for the curfes of any father what- 
foeuer are to bee feared ) that being ingulfed three houres 
within night,and going before the winde with a full fayle, 
and our Oares fet vp, becaufe the profperous winde had rid 
vs of the labour of rowing : we faw neere vntovs, by the 
light of the Moone that fhined oy cleerely, a round veffcl, 
which with all her failes {pread , di 

Sea,and that fo neerely as we were faine to ftrike down her 
faile,that we might auoide the fhog fhe was like to giue vs; 
and thofe that were in her had on the other fide laboured 
alfo what they might,to turne her out of our Quy , flanding 
all of them on the hatches to demaund of vs what we were, 
from whence wecame, and whither vve did faile ? But by 
reafon that they {pake French , the Renegate bad ¥s not to 
{fpeake a word, faying, Let none an{wer,for thefe are French 


caufe none of vs anfwered: and being pafleda litle forward, 
and chat the Ship remained ia the Lee of vs, they fuddenl 
fhatte off ewo pieces of Artillery , aad as I thinke bor 
of cheaxhad chaine bullets, for with theone they cut our 
| Maft afunder,and ouerthrew. it and the faile into the fea,and 


lighting in our barke did pierce it thorow-and thorow, with- 


uccout w,and prayed them that they would take vs into 
their veflell,for we were a drowning, Then they amaine,and 
cafting out their Cocke-boate,there entred into it as good 
_asadouzer Frenchmen,wel appointed with theis}Harcabu- 
-zes and Matches lighted, and fo approched vato vs ; and 
pe how few we were, andthatthe Barke did finke, 
they receflied ys into their boate,faying that becaufe we had 
vfed the difcourtefie of not making them anfwere , that mif- 
fortune had befalne vs. Our Renegate about this time tooke 
the cofha wherein Zoraydas treafuces were kept ,and threw 
icmco the {ea vnperceiued of any. In 


d croffe Before vs inthe |} 


Pirates which make their bootie of euery body. For this | 


ioftantly after they difcharged another, and the bullet-a- | 


ourdoing any other hurr, but we,feeing that our veffellbe- | 
3 ganne to finke,beganne all tocrie ow , and sequeft themto 


=P, 


ee ee ery. 


Par Te4e wittre Knight Don-Quixote. 


the Frenchmen,who after they had informed themfelues of 
all chat which they defired to know , as if they were our ca- 
pitallenemies,they afterward difpoyled vs ofall that euer 
we had about vs,and of Zorayda they tooke all, eucn ynto 
her very bracelets that fhe worc on the wrefts of her feete, 
But the wreng ghey didto Zerayda did not affi€t mee fo 


much as the feare ] conceiued , that afterthey had takena- 


way from her,her moft rich and pretious jewels,they would 
alfo deprive her of the jewell of moft price , and which thee 
valued moft, But the defires of that nation extend them- 
felues no farther,then to the gaine ofmoney : and their aua- 
rice in this is neuer throughly fatisfied ; and at that time was. 
fo vreat,as they would have taken from vs the very habites: 
of flaues, that we brought from Barbarie , if they had fonnd 
them to haue beene worth any thing: and fome there were 
of opinion among them, that we fhould be al inwreathed in 
2 faile,and throwen into the Sea,becaufe they had intention 
co traffique into fome hauens of Spaine , vader the name of 
Britaines,and that if they caried vs aliue , they fhould be pu-: 
nifhed, their robery being detected : but the Captaine, who 
was he that had pilled my beloued Zorayda, {aid, that hee 
was fo contented with his bgoty,as he meaned not to touch 
any part of Spaine,but would paffe the ftreights of Gibral-: 
tar by night,or as he might,and fo returne againe to Rochel, 
from whenee he was come: and there vp on they all agreed 
co giue vstheir Cock-boate, and all thag was neceflary for 
our fhort voyage,as indeed they performed the day enfuing 
when we were in the view of Spaine , with the fight whereof 
all our griefes and pouerties were as quite forgotten as if we 
ncuer had fele any ;f0 great isthe delighta man takes to re- 
couer his liberty. It was about midday when they put vs 
| into the Cocke, giuing ynto vstwo Barrels of water and 
fome Bisket ; and the Captaine moued with fome compaf- 
fion,as the beautifull Zorayde embarqued her felfe, beflow- 
ed on her about fortie crownes in gold; nor would he per- 
Hh a mit 


489 


a 
In conclufion,we went all of vs into the great veffel with | 


The delightfull Hiftorteofthe Parr. 4. 


mit his Souldiers to difpoyle her of thefe very garments, 

which then and now fhe weares. | 
We entred into the cockboate, aad giuing them thankes 
for the yood they did, and fhewing at our departure more 
cokens of thankfulnes,then ot difcontent;they failed prefent- 
ly away from vs towards the fraights, and we without loo- 
king on any other aorth or Marre, then the land it felf which 
appeared before vs, did row towards it fo luftily, that atthe 
Sunocfet we were fo neare,as.we made full account to arriue 
before the night were farre fpent. But by reafon chat the 
Moone did not fhine, and the night was very darke,and that 
wee knew not where wee were, wee did not hold it the bef 
courfe to approch the fhore too neare; yet others there were 
| thac thoughe it conuenient end good, defiring that wee 
fhould make to it , alchough we ran the boate on the rocks, 
and farte from any dwelling ; for by doing fo,we fhould free 
our felues from the feare which we ought of reafon to haue, 
Jeft chere fhould bee vp and downe on that coaflany Frigats 
of the Pyrstes of 7 etuan , which are wont to leaue Barbarie 
ouer night, and beon the coaft of Spame ere morning , and 
ordi: arily make cheir booty and turne to their {upper againe 
to Barbarie the night following : but of the contrary opini- 
ons that which was followed was, that wee fhould draw 
| neare the land by little and litte , and that if the quierneffe 
of the Sea would permit it, wee fhould take land where wee 
"| might beft and moft commodioufly doe it. This was done, 
and a little before midnight we arriued to the foot ofa high 
and monftrous mountaine, which was not altogether fo 
| neare.to the Sea, but shat it did grant alile patch of ground, 
| whereon we sight commodioufly difembatke, Wherefore 
|e ranne our felues on thefands , and came all 2 land and 
kiffed the earth, and withteares of moft ioyfuil content and 
delight, gaue thankes ynto our Lord God, for the incompa- 
table fauours which hee had-done vs. in our voyage : then 
tooke. we out our vittailes from the boate , and drew itfelfe 
vp on the fhore,and afcended a great part of the mountaine, 
Fort 


De Se Sey a aa a i 


P arrT.4- wittie Knizht Don-Quixote. 
for although we were in that place, yet durft wee not aflur® 
our felues, ior did throughly beleeue that it was a (briftsa™ 
Country whereon we did treade, | 
The day breaking fomewhat flower thea I could haue 
withed it ; we afcended the mountaine wholly, to fee whe- 
ther we might difcouer any dwelling , or fhecpfoulds from 
thence; but although wee extended our fight vnto euery 
quarter, yet could we neither defcry dwelling, perfon, path, 
nor high way : yet did we refolue notwithfanding to enter |. 
into the land, feeing that wee could not choofe but difcover 
ere long fome body who might giue ys notice of the place 
_where we were : and that which afflited me moft of all was, 
to fee Zeraida yoe a foote through thofe rupged places 5 for 
| alchough I did fometimes carry her on my fhoulders,yet did 
the toile I tooke more weary ber, then the repoie fhee got 
could eafe her; and therefore would never after the firft time 
{uffer me to take that paines againe , and fo fhee went cuer 
after a foot with great patience, aod tokens of ioy, I holding 
her flill by the hands and hauing trauailed little lefle then a 
quarter of a league, we heard the noife of alittle bell, anin- | 
fallble argument that neare at hand there was fome cattle 5 f 
whereupon all of vs looking very wiflly to fee whether any 
| body appeared , wee might perceiue vnder a Corke-tree 2 
young {heep-heard, who very quietly and carelefly was car- 
ving of a fticke with a knife: we called to him , and he lea- 
ped vp lightly on foote, and (as we afterwards learned) the 
firtthat he got fight of, were the renegate and Zoraide 
whom he feeing apparelled in the AZorifco habit, thought 
| thatallche people of Barbansehad been at hisheeles, and 
, therefore running very {wiftly insothe wood,heeryedalla- 
long withmaruailous lowdnefle; ALoores, ALedres, are in the 
land ; Afoeres, Moores, arme,arme. -Thete outerycs-(lrucke 
vs anew into a great aller hy and {carce. did wee know 
. what vve fhould doe : bus confidering howshefheepeheards 
alarme-would caufe all.che Caunesy rorile wp , and that the 


horfemen that kept the coafi: would peefently.come to fee 
| what 


ian | 
49% | The delightfull Hiflorie of the Parr.g 


ee ae t 


vvhat it was; we all agreed that the renegate fhould put off 
his Tarki/h attyre, and put ona captiues caflocke, which one 
of che company gaue gnto him forthwith , although the gi- 
uer remained after in his fhirt , and thus committing the af- 
faire vnto almighty God, we followed en by the fame way, 
which we faw the fheep-heard had taken, alwaics expeCting 
when the horfemen of the coaft would fall vpon vs, and we 
were not deceived in our expectation, for within two houres 
after, hauing iffued out of thofe woods into a plaine, we dif- 
couered about fome fifty horfemen whick came running to- 
wards vs as fwiftly as hee horfes could drive , and hauing 
perceiued them we ftood fill, and flayed vatill they came to 
vs, and faw, in fleed of the Afeores,they fought for, fo many 
poore ( briffians,and remayned fomewhat afhamed thereat : 
and one of them dematinded whether we were the eccafion 
that a fheep-heard had giuen the alarme : yes, quoth I, and 
_as ] was about to informe what I was, and ofall our aduen- 
ture, and from whence we came; one of the Cbriffrans that 
came with vs,did take notice of the horfeman who had fpo- 
ken vnto vs, and fo interrupting my {peech, he faid. Sirs lec 
God be praifed which hath brought vs tq fo good aplace as 
this is for if I be not deceiued the earth which we treade is 
of Veley Malaga ; and if the yeares of my captivity haue not 
‘confounded my memory, you likewife Sir that demaunds 
vvhae we be, are Peter of Buffamonte,mine Vacle. As foone 
as euer the Chriffian captiue had {poken thofe wordes, the 
horfeman leaping of his horfe ranne and embraced him, fay- 
ing , O nephew as deareto me as my foule and life, now I 
doc know thee very well, and many a day fince hauc I wept 
| for thee, tainking thou vvaft dead, and A hath my fifter thy 
mother, and all the reft of thy friends which doe live yet,and 
God hath been pleafed to preferue their liues, chat they may 
| irioy the pleafure co behold thee. We knew very wvell that 
thou vvaltin eArgiers , and by the fignes and mde of thy 
clothes,and that of all the reft here of thy companions, I fur- 


aife that your efcape hath beene miraculous-: it ‘was fo,te.] .-, 


PAR T'4. | wittie Knight Don-Quixote, 4.92 


_ {plyed'the Captiue , and vve fhall hauetime, I hope, to re- | 
count ynto you the manner. , 
|. Asfoone as thehorfemen had vnderftoad, that wve vvere 
Chriftian captiues, they allighted of theirhorfes , and.cuery 
‘| one of them inuited vs toraount ypon his owne, to carry vs 
to the Citty of Ueley cient sales vvas yet a league and 
a halfe from that place, and fome of them vvent to the place 
yvhere vve had left the boate,to bring it tothe Citty; whom 
vve informed firft of che place where it ley;others did mount 
| vsvp ahorfebacke behind themfelues,and Zoraida rode be- | 
hind the captiues Vacle : all the peaple iffued to receiue vs [ 
being premoni(hed of our arriuall by fome one that had rid- 
den before. They didnot wonder to fee Captiues freed, nor 
Moores captiued there, being an ordinary thing in thofe 
arts, but that whereat they wondred , was the furpaffing | 
Beatty of Zorsida, which at that feafon and inflant vvas in 
her prime , as vvell through the warmth fhee had gotten by 
| her traaaile, as alfo through the ioy fhe.conceiued to fee her | 
felfe in (briftian lands, fecure from all feare of being furpri- 
fed or loft: and thefe things called out to herface fuch co- | 
‘Jouts, as if it be not that affe&ion might then haue deceived { 
mee , I durftauer, that a more beautifullthen fhee was, the 
world could not affoerd , at leaft among thofe which I had 
1 euer beheld... 
|. . Weweacdiredtly to the Church to giue thanks vnto al- 
_| mighty God,for the benefit receiued, and as foone as Zoras- 
_daentred into it, fhee faid there were faces in it, that refen- [ 
bled very much that of Lela ALarien:: we told her that they 
were her images, and the renegate as well as the breuitie of 
the time permitted, inftructed her what they fignified,to the 
end thee fhould doe them reuerence,as if euery one of them 
were truly that fame Lele AZarien , which had fpoken ynto 
her. She who hatha very good ynderflanding, and an eafie 
and cleare conceit,comprehended prefently all that was told } _ 
ynto her concerning ee : from thence they carryed vs, | 
and deuided vs among different houfes of the Citty, bu the | ' 
“es Chriftian 


1 
\ 


a 
49 4 | The delightful Hiftorie of the P aRrt.4, 
| Chriftian that came with vs carryed the Renegate, Zoraida, 

and me to the houfe of his parents, which were indifferent] 
accommodated, and flored with the goods of Fortune, and 
did entertaine me with as great loue and kindneffe, as if J 
were their owne fonne. We remayned fixe dayes in Veley,in 
which time the renegate hauing made an information of all 
that which might concerne him , hee went to the Citty of 
Granadato be reconciled , by the holy /nquifitions meancs, 
to thebofome of our holy Mother the Church. The reft of 
the fteed captiues tooke euery one the way that he pleafed, 
and Zoraidaand I remained behinde , with thofe Duckats 
only which the Frenchmans curtefie was pleafed to beftow 
on Zoraida, and with part of that f{umme I bought her this 
beaft whereon fhee vides : I my felfe feruing her hitherto as 
her Father and her Squire, and not as her Spoufe, we trauaile 
with intention to fee whether my father be yet living , or a- 
ny of my brothers haue had more profperous hap then my 
felfe, although feeing that heawea hath made mee Zeraidas 
confort , mee thinkes no other good Fortune could arrine 
were it neuer fo great, that I would hold in fo high eftima- 
tion. The patience wherewithall thee beares the incommo- 
‘dities vfually annext vnto pouerty, and the defires fhee |. 
fhewes to become a Chriffian,is fuch and fo great,as it firikes 
mee into an admiration, and doth moue mee to feruc her all 
the dayes of my life: alchough that the delight which I take 
to {ce my felfe hers, and fhee mine, is oftimes interrupted 
and almoft diffolued by.the feare which I haue, that I fhail 
not finde in mine owne Countrey fome little corner where- 
in I ovay entertayne her; and chat time and death hawe 
wrought fuch alteration in the goods and lives of my fa- 
| thers and brothers, as J thall fcarce finde any one at home 
thatknowes mee, , | haueno more good Sirs, to tell you 
of my liues Hiftorie, then which whether it be pleafing, and 
rare, or no, yourcleare conceipts are to iudge :as for my 
{ felfe I darefay, that ific had beene poffible, I wouldhaue { . 
told ic with more breuities fearing ic‘ might bee tedious |, 


wntn Fi: 


ea Neen AA Re ce A ae Oe RS Re oO AS A ee eT ce IIa a a eR EN IE Sea 
: j 1 _ 


. Ra ar Rena caanamrseaeamen cece 
(Pa x rg. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 1 495 
_{vnto you, I purpofely omitted many delightfull circum= 

flances thereof, 


| Cuarp. XV. , 
Which /peakes of that which after befellin the lane; and 
of fandry other things worthy tobe knowne, 


C#y He Captive hauing faid this, held his peace, 
Hae and Don Fernande replyed to him thus. Tru- 
aad] 1694” ly Captaine , the manner wherewithal yon 
eG) 18g? haue recounted this maruailous fuccefle hath 
ate OE A yy beene fych, as itmay be parradgond to the 
, Houslty and frangeneffe of the event it if, 
| and fo great is the delight we hawe caken in the hearing ther- 
of , as Idoe beleeue, that although wee had fpent the time | 
fom hence till to morrow indiAning toit, yet fhould we be | 
glad ta heare it told suet once avaine,& faying fo, Cardenio, 
-and all the reft did, offer themfelyes and their meanes to his : 
feruice as much as lay in them with fo cordiall and friend! 7 
words , as the Captaine remained throughly fatisfied with | 
| their gdod wits: but {pecially DenFeruande offered, that if 
| 


ee ee 
- pees rey a eae 3 


hee would returne- with him hee would caufe the Marqueffe 
his brother to be Zoraida her Godfatber in Baptifme , and 
that hee for his past, would fo accommodate him with al! 
things neceflary, as hegpight enter into the towne, with the 

| decency and authority due to his perfon. The Captiue did 

| grace his large offers very curteowlly., bue would. riot ac- | 
ceptany of them at-thatgime!: by-chis the night drew on, 
and about the fall thereof, there arriued at the Inne a coatch 
with fome men a horfebacke , and asked for lodging : to 
whom the Hofteffe anfwered, chat in all the Jane there was | 
nota {panne free, The number of her gue(ts was already fo 

| many : well, although thatbe fo,quoth one of the horfemen 
that had centred, yet mufi there be. a. place found for Mafter 

Tuftice, | 


} 


The delighefull Hittory of the = Pans, 


| Txfisce, who comes in this Coach. At this name,the Hofteffe 


was afiraid, and {aid , Sir the misfortuneis, that I haueno 


'| beds, but if Mafter Jw/fice brings one with him , as itis pro- 
| bable he doth,fet him enter in boldly,and I and my kusband _ 
| will leawe our owne chamber to accommodate his worfhip. 
1 So be it, quoth the Squire , and bythis time allighted out of 
'| the. Coach, a man whofe attyre did prefently denote his dig- 
| nity and office; for his long yowne and his great and large 


fleeues did fhew that he was a Judge, as the Seruingman af-- 


| firmed. He led a yoong maiden by the band, of about fome 
| Gxteene yeares old, apparelled in riding attyre, but fhe was | 
| therewithall of fo difpofed, beautifull,and chearfull a coun- 


tenance, as her prefence did ftrike them all into-admitation : 


| {oasif they had net feene Dovotes , Lucida, and Zeraida, 
') which were then in the Inne, they weuld hardly haue belee- 


aed that this Damzels beauty might:any where haue beene 


] matched, | | 


_Deon- Quivete was prefent at the Judges, and the Gentle- 
womans'entry, and fa, asfoone as he had feene him,he faid, 
Sic yourmay boldly enter , and take your eafe in this Caftle, 
which although it be butlittle, and ilkaccommeodated , yet 


| there is no narrowneffe nor difcemmodity inthe world, but. 


makes place for-arries.,-and learning:, and {pecially if the: 


| eres ahd letters bring beauty for their puide and leader, as. 


pour learning doth , conducted by this fouely Damzell , co’ 


| wham ought noronly Cafiles to open ‘and. manifefl them-: 
| felucs , bucalfo rocks to'part and devide their ciiffes, and: 
| mountaines to bow their ambitious créfis;to- give and make 
\ heraledgme, Enter therefore, I‘ {ty, Worthipfull Sir, into: 
|| this Paradife, wherein you fhyall finde Starres and Swnnes,to 
| accompany this skie which you bring in your cempany.Here 


fhail yew find armes‘in theirheight,and beauty in her prime. 
The udge maruailed greatly at Den-Onixets fpeech, whom 
he began to behold very earnefily,; and wondered ho leffe at 
bis.thape chen at his words,and knowing not hat anfwere - 
he mighc retume him, he wasdiucrted on the other fide, by : 


rha 


JPaRTig.  whtieKwight Dox-Q w 1xote. 
the fuddaine appsach of the three Ladies Lufeinds, Dorctea, 


| the (wrate,did giue bim mere compleate and courtly enter-. 


- of that which the Iudge bad brought with hier, they made 


the Iudge, did greatly fufpes thar he was his brother , de- 
. maunded of one of his feruants, how he was called, & where 
he was borne, The other anfwered, how he wa - ied the | 
‘Licemeiat Lolm Pevez of Usedma, and as hee had heard, hee 


of ioy andcententment, calling a ide Dow Fernando,Carde- 
nio,and the Carate, be certified them of all thac paficd, and | 
thacthe Iudge was his brother. The ferningman told him, 


and Zoraide , which flood before him, for having heard of 
the arrival) of new guefts , and alfo being informed by the 
Hofleffe of che young Ladies beauty, they were come forth 
to fee, andentertaine her. But Don Fernando,Cardenie,and 


tainment then the rufty Knight. In effect the Iudge was mar- 
uailoufly amazed at that which hee fawe and heard in that 

Inne; andthe faire gtrefts thereof, bad the beausifull maiden. 
welcome, The Iudge perceived very well, that the guctts of ' 

che Inhe wereallmen efaccount, but Don-Quixotes feature | 
vifage, and behawiour, did.fer him out of al byas, being wot 

able to conieGuure what he might bez and afterfome court- | 
like intercourfes pafled,and the commodities ofthe Inneex- | 
amined, they-all agreed sgaine,as they had done before,that 
all the women (hould enter into Dan-,Quixates roome, and 
che men remaine without in their guarde. And fo the ludge 
was content that the Damzel,who was his daughter,fhould 
alfe eoe with thofc Ladies, which thee did with a very.good 
will: and wich’a part of the Inkeepers narrow bed, and haife 


fhift to paffe over that night the beftthey could. . we 
‘The Captiue, who fromthe inflane chat he had firft feene 


was borne in a Village of the mountaines of Leow. With this 
relation aid the reft chat he had.noted , be finally confirmed 
his opinion that it was the brother, who following his fa- 
thers aduice, had dedicated him‘elfs to his Qudies ; and full 


likewife how he went towards the Indies , where he had his: 
place and office inthe Courts of (Mexico : and alfo thatthe’ 


Sh ee ee 
49 a | The delightfull Hiflorieof the ~ Panr.g 
young Gentlewoman was his daughter , of whofe birth her 
mother had died , and heeuer after remained a widdower, 
and very rich , by her dowry and portion that fhee had left 
to her daughter: he demanded of chem aduice how he might 
‘| difcouer himfelfe to his brother, or firft know, whether after 
he had detected himfelfe, he would receiue him with a good 
| countenance and affection, and not be afhamed toacknow- 
ledge him for his brother , feeing him in fo poore an eftate : 
Jeaue the triall of chat experience to mee , quoth the Curate, 
and the rather becaufe there is no occaffon why you Sir Cap- 
taine fheuld not be kindly. entertained bytim : for the pru- 
| dence, worths, and good countenance ofyour brother, giue 
manifett tokens that he is nothing arrogant. For all that {aid 
the Capraine , I would not make my felfe knowen on the 
| fuddaine., but would vfefome pretty ambagesto bring him 
acquainted with me ; I] fay vnto you, quoth the Curate, chat 
I will race the matter in fuch fort, as we all wil reft facisfied. 
Supper was by this nade ready,and all of them fate down 
tothe table, the Captiue excepted and Ladies , which fup. 
ped togett.er within the roome: and about the midft of fup. 
per the Curate faid, Mafter luftice, I haue had in times paft a 
Comrades of your veryfurname in ( esfanteople, where | 
was fometime Captive, who was one.of the moft valiant | 
Souldiers and Captaines that might be found among all the 
’ Spanifhfoote: but he was-as vatortenate as he was vatorous 
and refolute. And how was that Captaine called yoed Sir, 
quoth the Judge ? his name was, replyed Matter Curate, 
Ruy Perex of Viedma, and he was borne in a Village of the 
mountaines of Leon; and he recounted ynto me an eccur- 
rence hapned betweene his father, him, and his other bre- 
thren, which if I had not beene told by a man of fuch credic 
and reputation as he was, I would haue efteewmed for one of 
thefe fables which old Wiues are wont to rehearfe by che 
fire fide in winter :for hee {aid to me that hisfather had de- 
| uided his goods among histhree fons, and gaue them with- 
all certainc precepts, better then thofe of Cate; and I know 
well 


Pann4s —wittie Knight Day-Quisote. 


well, chat the cboife which he made to follow the warre,had 
| fueb happy fucceffe, as within a few seares, through his fer- 
wardneffe and valour, withausthe'belpe of any ottier arine, }. 
howas aduancedtoa-company of foor,and.made a Captain, |; 
and.was ‘id the way andicoutlg afbecomming one day'a f: 
' Collonell, but forwne was contrary to him, fos euen there, 
where he was molt to expect her fauqur, he loft it , withthe | 
| loffeofhisdibercy, lin that, molt happy.iourpey whereip fo |, 
nianyreconcred it, to wit,inthe basrel] of Lepanto.. L lott: 
mine if Golesas and after by different {yocefle wee'becanir }: 
| companions in Con/lantinople,fram whence we wentto Ar- } 
giers where did befall him one of the nroft notable aduen- |- 
cures that.cuer hapiaed inthe warld; and there che Curace 
with fugeindt beauty. xecounted all.that had happened be- |. 
| tweenethe Captaine and, Zorayda : to all-which ‘the Iudge |. ' 
was fo.atreneiue,as in all bis life he neuer liftned to any caufe } 
foattentiuely,asthen. And the (srage onely arrined tothe | 
point wherein she Frenchmen (poiled,the Chriftians that] 
Came inihg Bagke,and the nece(dity. wheveda hie coinpanion. 
and the beautifull Zorajdacemaindd ; of whom he hac not 
learned avy thing after,nor knew not.what became of them |. 
or whether they-cane into Spaine, or were caried away by | | 
theFrepnchmenteFraynee, se ee | 
|| <The. Capegine Rood liftening fomewhata loofe of ro all 
the Carates wotdes., and noted the while the motions sud. 
ectlures of his brothers who feeigg that the Carate had now 
made anend of, hisdpeech, breathing forth a greatfigh, and |: | 
his eyes being filled with tearcs , he faidi: O Sir, ifyouhad ! 
knp wa the neives-which you:-haue told me, and: how neere- 
ly they touch me in fome points, whereby I amconflrained 
to manifeft thefe ceares which violently breake forth in def- 
pight of may difcretion, and calling, you would hold mé ex- 
cufed for this excefle, That Captaine of whom: you {poke, 
‘is my eldeft brother,who,as one Rronger , and of more no- 
blethoughrsthen I or my younger brother, made eleCtion 
of the honourable military calling ;.one of the three eflates 
me de i wei latnl 


GOO} 


+ brothers and mine-woald fetch thee from thence.'O-beanti- 


; Fhewelietnfall Hifloriv ofthe | } Pass 


which.our father propofedto¥s, euen. as your Comrade in- 
formed you ,when as you thought he relaceda fable, I fob | 
lowed my booke,by whidh Gedaudmydiligence railed met © 
to the fate you fee: myyounger brother-is.in:Pera ; and. | 
with that which he hath feat tomy-facher and my felfe; hath: 
bountifully recompenced the portion he caried ,and.giuen to | 
him fufficient-co fatisfie hisliberall difpofition , and ‘to me), 
wherewithall to continay ny Aedies., wahehedecenfie and - 
authority ‘needfulleo adudnce ti to theraake which tiow 1: 
poffefle,: My father lines yer, bur dying ‘theauph defite ro: 
learne fomewhat of hiseldeftfonne , and doth daily impor- 
tune God with inceffant prayers,that death may notthut his 
‘| eyes vndlt he may ohce againe feehitn alae 3 onlyznaraell' | 
not 9 litle,confiderng his difererion: pehgtivtiong all His la-"4 | 
bours,afffictions,orptofperous fuccefles ; he'hath beene fo: 
careleffe in giving his fathet notice of his. proceedings: for 
if eyther he,or any one ef vs had knowne of his captivity,he: 
fhould not haue needed torxpeatthe mirsele of the Canie 1 
for his ranfomei But chat whithtroubles: tiettold Of: all,is, 
to thinke.whether thefe -Frenctianem bade refloréd hini 3-] 
gaine to libertie,or elfé flame him, that they thight concéale 
their tobberie the better yall which will be at octafion to ‘J 
“Me to profecute my voyage, not with the. joy’ wherewithal 
I begange it, but rather with tielanchely aadifertow.! IO | , 
deere brothers] would.Finight: know. now-where thowrait ,' | 
_thac] my felfe might poe aad featch thee out and free thee | 
fromthy.paines, alchough: it were with the hazatd of mine ° 
owne, O who ishe that could carrie newes to-dur olde.fa- | 
ther,that chou wert but aliue, although tho weit Ridden jn 
the mofl abfrufe dungeons of Barbarie ; ‘for his-riches,my -1- 


full and bouncifull Zorayda, who mightbe able to recom- 
_| pence thee for the good thou haft doneto my Drother?How 
happy were he that might be-prefént at chy fpirimuall birth 
and baptifme,and at thy nuptials, which would be fo prate- | 
full to vs all ?Thefe and ‘thany other fuch wordes did the 


-—— 


|Pa-rinig. — - wittie Krizht Don-Daivote. | 


| Tudge'delidet;fo full df cdimpatfidhfor the sfewWes that he had 
receiued of his brother, as all chat heatd‘him kept himcom- 
pany,in thewing figries of edmpalsiorforhisfortow, ° - 
The-Corate therfore perceiting’ the happy fucceffe wher, 
‘to his defigne and the Hiptalnesdefite’ hat forted ,- wav! 
| hold the company fadlidd longer arid therefore arifihy ‘from 
| the table, andentring into the roome Wherin Zorayda was} 
he tookce her by the-hand, and after her followed Lin{cimda, 
Dorotea,and theludge his ‘daughter,. The Captaine' flood 
Aillte fee what the Curate would doe ; Wio takinp him fag 
| by the other hand thatched oer with ‘thet botlrtowards 
the Iudge and the other Gentlemen ,& faid : Supprefle your 
teares Mafter laftice,and plut your defire with all that pood 
which it may defire,fecing you liaue there ‘before you your 
| |’ good brother, and your loumng ‘filer in law £ this than whoty 
| you view here is the Captaine Oledaba, and this che beauti4 
fill Moore,which hath done fo much for him. The ‘Frenche; 
“men which] toldyou of, haue reduced them to the pouertyi 
you fee ,to theend that you may fhew the liberality of your 
‘| noble bref. “Then did the Capraine draw heere'to'embrace 
“his brother, bur He held him off awhile with bis arens,to tiote 
whether itWas he orno;but when he once knew himhe em 
braced him fo louingly,and with fuch'aboundance df teares 
-asdidattraG the like from all the belolders. The wordes 
thar the brothers a One to ariother , orthe feeling aHe- 
Gion which they. fhewed can hardly bé cortceived, arid ther- 
fore mtich leffe written by any one wharloeliet, There the 
did briefly tecount the ore to the other their fuccefles: there 
did they fhevv the true louie and affection of brothers in his 
prime : chere did the ludge etnbrace Zordydarthere he madd 
hér ait offer of all chat was his: there “did hee alfo caufc His 
daughter to embrace her : there the beautifull Chriftian,and 
| the moft beaaiful Afoére renued the teares of them al : there 
Don. Quixote was attentive, without {peaking a word, pone 
dering of thefe rare occurrences,and attributing them to'the 
Chimeras , which he imagined to be incident to Chiualrie : 


2g a oo. Dae ee el we e 


er eer Tee 


“Y and .cheng she pagreed thag she Captaine. &, Zerayde fhould 
1 cecurne with theirbrother to Siuill, andthegee aduife their 


T tather of his finding. and diberty , that he as well as: he might 
-{ fhould come to Sindlto.the baptifine and marriage of Zo- 
| razde,becaufe the Iudge could not poffibly xeturn,or difcon- 


| time his journcy's 12 refpect chat rhe Indian Fleete wasto 
‘T depare within 3 inoneth from Sinilltowatds New S paire. ; 


Anew bin rendred yuto him infinite thankes : and, withall 
informed the Judge of his-extrauagant humour, whereat hee 
was nota litde recreated :onely Sancho Panca did fret, be- 
caufe they.went fo flowly to fleepe,andhe alone was beft ac- 


Gujxote faliied out of the Inne,to be 


ee 0 ee ~- ooo wth 08 care ee EE OP goo oe 
coe - 


asa him(elfe downe yvhere beft he might, Don- 


~~ 


” daughter was called) flept.. None of them could imagine 
“who it yvas thatfung fa vvell without the helpe of any in- 
{trament sfometimys it feemed that he fung in the yard, o- 
thers tharit was inthe | ) 

Cardenia came to the chamber dare, aud faid, Whofoeuer is 


yee @- @ °° 


1 
— ae 
—_— ee ee eee Oe 


The delight full Hiftonie ofthe =, PAR T4, 


‘commod ated of themall,by Tying downe on his beafis fur} 


ashe, had promifed. And a little before day ithapned , that 


ae 


PART.g- _ wittie Knight Dow. Quixote, 593 


parted,and’ Deretea ving all the atterition poffible, heard 
that his fong vvas this following, 


C HAP. | Xx V J ° 
Wherin is recounted the Hiflory of the Lackey, with other 
Sirange aduentures befalncinthe Inne, 


04m «a Mariner te lone, 
Which in his depths profexnd 

Still (ailes,and yet no bope can prone | 
Of comming aye to the ground, 

I following goa gliftring flarre, 
Which I aleofe defery, eae 
Much mororesplendent, thensbefe are 
That Palinuré didffyes 65 

I know not where my courfetobend, : . 
And ficenfufedly, 
7 ofce it onely I pretend 
Carefulland carelefly, 

Her too swspertinent regard, 

— And tee mach modeftie, 

The clouds are which mine eyes bane bard 
From. thew deferned fee, 

O cleere and foule reining finr, 
Whofe fight doth trie my traft, 
If thou thy light from me debar, 
Inflantly dse I must, | 


The Singer arriuing ta this point of his fong, Derotea ima- 
gined thacic would not be amiffe to let Donna (lara hzare 
fo excellent a yoyce,and therfore fhe fogged her a little on 
the oneand other fide, vatill fhe had awaked her , and then 
faid, Pardon me childe for thus interrupting your {weetere, 
pofe,feeing I docit to the end you may ioy , by hearing one 


"The aelighsfalt Hiflarze of the 


of she be@ voycesthat-pesiiaps you ever heard in your life. 

1 ( a at a at the Ett dcowtly, and did ngt swell yuder- 
(tand what Dorotea {aid , and therefore demaunding of her 
| what the faid, fhe told it her agame ; wherupon Donna Cla- 
rawas alfo attentive : byt fcarce had ,fhe heard two verfes 
"| repeated by the early Mufitian, when a marucllous tremb- 
ling inuaded her,euen as iffhe had then fuffered the grie- 
uous fit of a quartane Aguc, Wherefate imbracing ‘Doro- 
tea very ftraightly, the faid,Alas deere Ladie, why did you, 
auvake me,feeing the ereaceft hep that fortune could ai:this 
inflant haue piuen me, was, to.hade mine eyes and. eargs fo 
| thut,as I might neither fee,nor heare chat yafortunate Mu- 
fician: what is that yeu fay.childe , quoth Derotea, did you 
notheare one fay chat the Mufitian is buta horfeboy ? Hee 
is no horfeboy,quoth Clara , but, a-Lord of many townes ; 
| and he that hath4fuck firme poffetioes ofmy foul , as ifhee 
himfelfe will not reiect it, he fhail meuer:be deprived of the 
dominion thercof. Doretea greatly wondred at the pafsio- 
nare wordes of the young gyrle, whereby it feemed to her 
that the far furpaffed the difcretion witiich fo cender-yearcs 
| did promife : and therefore fhe regliedto her, faying , You 
\ fpeake fo obfcurely Lady Clar@,asl eannotvnderfland you; 
| expound your felfe mere cleerly,and cel me.what is that you 
| Cy of foules,and cownes,and of this Mufitian , whofe-voyce 
hath alered you fo much : but. doenot fay anything to me 
now ;for I would not lofe;by hifening ta your di fpunls;e he 
pleafure Jtake to heare hieae 5 forme titikes he rétumes 
his u uficke with new verfes,and in another rune : in a gad 
houre,quoth Donna (lara; and thea becaufe thee her felte 
would not heare him, fhe ftopt her eares with herfingers ; 
| wherest Derotea did alfo: macuall s boc ‘beiny: attentius to 
‘\ahe Mufiche {bedigard:the Lackey profecite his fong in-this 


Part, 4, 


— -- 


Pa ae 
T bat break ft iospoftibilities aud bryars, 
. 1 . “a? 


PARty. 


| eAnd firmely run § the {cope 
Which thon thy fel deft fee tosly defires, 

 ‘Benot ee to fee . 
et eu rf p10) felft.nigh death to bee ae 

Slug gards doe not deferne : 
The glorie of trovanplrs or en 
Good hap doth nemer ferne 
T hofe, whsch refifi not Fortune manly, 
Bur weakely falltagreund: : ,: 

And mn fofrflenth, ie ferfes all coon 

That loue has glories hold © 
At a high Paresit ream sand shit: eke ety 
| Noa preciansftonesscer gold: | - 
Md be acall comm sreck yeinh Jones anther ae 
: head tes:aishing mat clare: a 
; c Narbing i werth sfteeme tbat oof not deme. 
| An amare perl'fturice a 
 Obraineth aftives rbngs impefuble.- : 
> udnd-(o though Enefifanee, -: Ses lk 
> Findé of my fontes defies, imber feriesills : 
'-T hope, time fhallbe.guwen:: 3: 
= _ When I from bite Aili sleview heauen, 


" whetieK hight Dow: Quisee 


eHes the voyce ended. -aind Denia: Claras highes. be- | 
| gan sal] which inflamed: Deratedediefite ta know the ‘caufe | 
of fo {weetea fonbs and fo fada plain, ‘And therefore fhe | 


eftfoones required her, totell her now what fhe was.abour 
‘to haue faid before: Then Clare timerous, left Lafcinda 
Should overheare her,imbraring Derotea very oeercly Jaid 


her mouth fo.clofe to Dordteascare, as fhe might fpeake fr. | 
curely wichoucbeiag Vaderfteod by aay other, and faid ; he | 
that fings is, deere Ladie, a Gentlemans.fonne of the: Kings | 
dome of eAragon, whole father is Lord of two townes sand: 


dwelled sight before my fathers houfe :at the Court, and_al. 
though che: windowes of our houfe were in Winter ‘coukted 
_| with feare cloth; andin Somsmer with lattice, I know not 


The delightfull Hiftorie ofthe  Panr4. 


how it happened, but this Gentleman, who went then to the 
{chole efpied me,and whether it was at the Church, or elfe 
where, J am not certaine, Finally, he fell in loue with mee, 
| and did acquite me with his affeCtion from his owne win- 
dowes that were oppofite to mine, with fo many tokens and 
fuch abundance of teares,as I moftforceably belceued, and 
alfo affeéted him, without knowing how much he lowed me 
among the fignes that he would make me one was tojoyne 
the one hand tothe other,giving me thereby to vnder@and 
that he would marry me: and although I would be very glad 
that it might be fo; yet as one alone, & withouta mother, | 
knew not to whé I might cémanicate the affaire,& did ther- 
fore let it reft without affording him any other faucur, valetfe 
it were when my father & his were gone abroad, by lifting vp 
the lattice or Searecloth only aliteke,ée permitting kim co be 
hold me;or which fauor-he vvould fhew (uch fignes ef icy, 
as aman vvould deeme himto be reft of his vvies, The tine of 
my fathers departure arrising,& he hering of ir,but not from 
me (for I could neuer tell it to him) he\fell ficke, as fare as ] 
coud vaderftand for Priefeyand thereforel could never {ec 
hin all the day of our departure, to bid him farewvell at leaf 
vyith mine eyes? but after me had traueiled tvvo daies iuft as 
vve entred intoan Inne in a village a daies iourney from 
hence, ifaw himat the lodging doore, apparrelied fo. pro- 
perly like:a Lacky,asif I hadaoe borne. about me his purtra- 
ture in my foule,it had bene impoffible to know him.] knew. 
him,and wondred,and was plad withall ; and he beheld me 
vawitting my father,from whofe prefence he ftil hides him- 
_ felfe when he croffes che-waics before me as we traucil, or 
"after we arriuéat any Inne,. And becanfe that ] know what 
heis,and do confider the paine heeitakes by: comming thus 


afoorefor my fake, and that with fo greattoyle, I-die for |. 


ferrow, and where he puts hisfeece I alfo put ming eyes. I 
know gor vyitlrwvhac intention he comses,nor how he eould 
pofhibly chus e(éape from his fathee,vvho-loues bi beyond 


meafure,both becaufe he hath none otherhayre . and be- 


a ce ee 
— — er 


Fee ee et ne eee Ee ee re eee 
“PAR T.4. wittte Kaigt Don-Qurxotes 507 
: © eens gem 


caufe the young Gentleman alfo defcrues it,as you vvill per. 
ceiue vvhen you fee him: and I dare affirme befides, that all 
that vvhich he faies he compofes extempore , and vvithout 
any ftudie; for I haue heard that he isa fine ftudent, and a 
preat Poet. And euery time that I fee him,or do heare him 
fing, [arc and tremble like an Afpen leafe , for feare that 
my father fhould know him, and thereby come to haue no- 
tice of our mutuall affections. I haue neuer fpoken one word 
to him in my life, & yet I do nevertheleffe loue him fo much 
as without him fhall not be able to/liue, And this is all, 
deere Ladie,that I am able to fay vnto you of the Mufician 
whofe voyce hath pleafed you fo well, as by it alone you 
might conie€ture,that he is not a horfe-boy as you faid, but 
packer a Lord of foules,and cownes,asI affirmed, 
Speake no more Ladie Clara (quoth Dorotea,at that fca- 
.| fon Liting herathoufand times:) {peake no more I fay, but 
haue patience vntill it be day-light ; for I hope in God fo to 
dire& your affaires,as that they fhall haue the fortunate fuc- 
cefle,that fohonefi beginning deferne. Alas Madam, quoth 
Douna Clara, what end may be expected, feeing his father 
is fo noble and rich, as he would fcarce deeme me worthy 
to be his fonnes feruant, how much leffe his fpoufe ? and for 
mee to marry my felfe ynknowne to my father, I would ‘not 
doe it for allthe world, I defire no other ching ,but thatthe 
young Gentleman would returne home apaine, and leaue 
me alone; perhaps,by not feeing him,and the great drflance 
ofthe way which we are to traucll, my paine which now fo 
much preffeth me, will be fomewhat attained , although I 
dare by, that this remedie whichnow IJ haue imagined 
would auaile me but litthe : for I know not whence with the 
| vengeance,or by what way this affection which I beare him 
got into me,feeing both I and he are fo young as we be, for 
I belecue we are much of anage, and I am not yct full fix- 
teene; nor fhall be as my father faies, vntil Michaelmas nexe, 
Dorotea could ot contain her laugheer!, hearing how chil- 
dithlyu Nanns Clava (nake ta whom fhe faid. | 2ady let vs ree 


502 | 


The aelight{ull Hiftorie of the | P ARTA. 


een EEE nnErannnal 
pofe againe,and fleepe that little part of the nightwhich re- 
maines,and when God fends day light we will profper,or my 
hands fhall faile mes with this they held their peace, and all 
che Inne was drowned in profound filence; only the Inkee- 
pers daughter,and ALaritornes were not afleepe, but know- 
ing very wel Don- Quixetes peccant humor, and that he was 
armed and on horfebacke without the Inne keeping guard , 
both of chem conforted together, and agreedto. be feme- 
way merry with him,or at leaftto pefle ower fome time ; in 
hearing him fpeake rauingly, | : 

It is ekieas to be vnderftood that there was not in all 
the Inne any window, which looked out into the field, but 
one hole in abarne, out of which, they were wont to caft 
their ftraw: to this bole.came the two demy-damzels, and 
faw Don- Quixote mounted and Jeaning on his Iauelin, and 
breathing forth,euer and anone, fo dolefull and deepe fighes 
as itfeemed his foule was plucked away by-cuery one of 
them: aad they noted befides how he faid with.a foft and a- 
morous voice: O my Ladse Dulcinea of Tobefe, the fonne 
ofall beauty, the end andquinteflence of difcretian,the-trea- 
fury of {weet countenance and carriage , the ftorchoufe of 
honefty : and finally the /dee ofall that which is profirable, 
modeft,or.delightefull in the world, and what might thy La- 
difhip be doing at chis prefent ? Haftthau perhaps thy ntind 
now vpon thy captiue, knight; chat moft wirtingly expofeth 
himfclfe to fo many dangerstor thy fake, viue vnto me ti- 
dings of her, O chou Luntinary of the three faces,peraduen- 
ture thou doft now with; enuy enough behold her, either 
walking through fome gallery of her dismpcooas Pallaces,or 
leaning on fone bay window:and ehinking how (fauing her 


honour and greatneffo ) the fall: micigate , and:aflwape the 


torture which this mine opprefled hart-indures for her loue, 
what glory the fhail giue for my paiaes, what quiet-to my 
cares, what life to my death,and whac guerdon to iny ‘ferui- 


ces. And thou fonneswhich art asl belecur, by this:cime fad- } 


ling of thy horfes to gex away earely, and po our to fee my 


~ 


ee nr aaa 


Part. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 503 


{ Miftrefle, Lrequeit cee as foane as thon fhailfeeherto fa~ 
‘| luce ber in my behalfe, but beware that when thou Iookeft 
| on her,and doft greet her,that thou doe not k'fle her on the 
| face,for if thou doft I wil become more iealous of thee, then 
| euer thou waft of the fwift ingrate. which made thee to run 
| and {weat fo much through the plaines ef Tbeffaiia, or the 
brinks of Peneo,for I haue forgotten through which efthem 
thou ranneft fo iealous and inamored. Fo this point arrived 
Don- Quixote whé che Iokcepers daughtcr beyan to cal him 
fottly vato ber and fay ; Sir Knight approach a little hither- 
ward if you pleafe. At which voice Dox- Quixote turned |. 
his head and faw bythe hght of the (Aeone which fhined |' 
then very clearely, tbat hee was called too from the hole, 
which he acceunted to be a faire window ful of yron barres, 
& thefe cofily gyided with gold, welt befitting fo rich a Ca- |. 
fleas he imagined that Inne to be, and prefensly in a mo- 
ment he forged to his owne fancie, that once againe as fhee 
had done before,the begutifu)! Damzell daughter to che La- ’ 
die of tnat Caftle, ouercome by his loue, did returne to fo- : 
licite him : and with thisthought, becaufe be wold nor 
fhew himfelfe difcourteous and vngratefull, heturned ‘Ro- 
zinante about,and came ouer to the hole, and then having |. ° ‘s 
beheld thetwo wench hee faid: I take pitie on you beau- 
tiful Lady ,that you haue placed your amorous thoughts in a 
place whence it is not poffible: to haue any correfpondence o 
anfwerable to the defertof your high worth and beawty, . 
whereof you are in.no fort to codemnethis miferable knight a 
errant, whom loue hath wholy difhabled to furrender his; 
will to be.any other then to her,whom at the fir fight he 
made abfolute miftreffe of his foule. Parden me therefore 
good Ladie and retire your felfe to your chamber, and 
makemenot, byany further infinuation of your defires, 
more voathankfulland difcourteous then, J would be: and if; 
through the, lope that yon beare me; you find in me any o- 
ther thing wherewethail I may ferue and pleafure you, fo 
{chatic be not Joue it felfe,demayndic boldly, for I do (weare 

"ynto 


d 


vnto you by mine abfence yet {weeteft enemy , to beftow it 
vpon you incontinently, yea though it be aloke of ALedufas 
haires, which are ali of Snakes, or the very Sunne beames in- 
clofed in a violl of gaffe. 

My Ladie needes none of thofe things Sir Knight anfwe- 
red Meritornes: what doth fhee then want difcreet Matron, 
Ng quoth Den-Quixete ? only one of your faire hands, faid 
% Up | Maritornes , that therewithall fhee may disburden her felfe 
of fome part of thofe violent defires, which compelled her to 
come to this window , with fo great danger of her honour; 
or ifher Lord and Father knew of her comming , the leaf 
flice he would take of her fhould bee at the lealtan eare. ] 
would faine once fee that, quoth Don-Qsixete, but Iam 
{ure he will beware how he doe it, if he haveno iff to make 
the moft difaflrous end that ever father made in this world, 
for hauing laied violent hands on the delicate limmes of his 
amorous eo Mearitornes verily per{waded her fe]fe, 
that Don- Quixote would giue vp his hand as he was reque- 
ited; and hauing already contrived in her minde what fhee 
would doe, defcended with all haft from the hole, and go- 

b | ing into the ftable, fetched out 5 ancho P ancas his Affes hal- 

ter, and returned againe with very great {peede, iuft as Dow- 

: jxete ((tanding vp on ‘Rozsmantes {addle, chat hee mivht 

NS | the better reach the barred windowes, whereat he imagined 
the wounded Damzel remained) did, ftretching vp his hand, 


vent PP nullud Onveud sore / 


~~ 


Prd 7 


: “9” | hee felfe that hath intyre pofleffion of my whole body, nor 
i. | doe I giue itto you, tothe end you fhould kiffe it; bur that 
a you way behold the contexture of the finnewes, the knitting 

of the mufcles,and the {paciofity and breadth of the veines, 


arine to be whereunto fucha hand is knit. We fhall {ee thar 
prefently, quoth Maritornes , and then making arunoine 
knot on the halter, fhee caft it on the wreft of his hand, ani 


_ The delightfull History of the Partg.] 


‘whereby you may collect how great ought the force of that | 


* 


‘ 


S “TT inn BT 


{| Partiq.  ~. wettieKnight Don-Quixote. 


. then defcending fromthe hole, thee eyed: the:other end of 
| thehalter very fat to the locke of the barne dore. Don- 


Quixote fecling the roughneffe ofthe halcerabout his wreft, 
faid s Icracher feémesthat you grate my hand, tben thar you 


| -chenifltic :bie pet Ipray. you, natto handle it-fo roughly, ; 
| feeing it is:inuno: Bile of 

-you :noris it comly that you fhouldreuenge or disburden 
- the whole bulke of your indignasion on fofmall a part: re- | - 
\:-membercthat thofe which louc well , doe nat take {0 cruel! 
-rewengoe. But no body gaue eare to thefe wordes of Don- 
" Quixote s for-as faone as ALaritorneshad tyed him, fhee and 
the other almoft burft for langhter, ranne away, and left him 
:tyed in {uch manner , as it. was inpoffible for hia to loofe | 
|: himfelfe.. 


the euill which my will doth-vnto 


_ Hefloodas we haue recounted; on Rozinante his faddle, 


-hauing all bis-arme thruft in at the hole, and falined by the 


:wreltto thélocke :-and was in very. great doubt and feare, | 
| that if Rosinawte budged-neuer fo little on any. fide hee 
hould fall and hang by che arme.;and therefore he durft not | 
-once viethe leat motion of the world, akhough he might | 
- well haste expedted from Razinantes patience, and mild {pi- |. 
_ rit; ghat.ifbe were fuffered, he would ftand ftilla whole.age |. 
|. without Airring himfelfe.. In fine, Don- Quixote fecing him 
felfetyed, and that the Ladies weredeparted,began firaighe | 
| to imagincthacall that had beene.done by way ofinchaunt- | 

‘ment, asthe lafttime, when in the very fame Caflle the:in- 
chamed Moore. (eG trier) had fo fairely belaboured him: 
and then to himfelfe did he execrate his own want of difcre- 
tion &difcourfe,feeing that having efcaped out of thar cafile 


fo euill dight the firft cime,he would after aduenture to enter 
juto it thefecond : for it was-generally obferned by-Knights 


_errant,chat-when they had once tried an aduenture, & could 
Hot finith it,it was a token that it was notreferued forthem, | 
but for fome other; and therefore would newer proue ita- 


gaine, Yet forall chishe drew forward his arme,to fecifhe 
mightdeliuer himfelfe; buthe was fo well bound, as all his 


sit 


512 


eee 


| tily, leatt Roz#ante fhould ftirre : andalthough hee would . 


faine haue fet, and {etled himnfelfe in the faddle, yet could he: 


| dee tio other but ftand, or leaue the arme bebiade, ‘There: 


was many a wilh for Assadss his fword,apainftwhich ino in- 


chauntment whatfoewer could preuaile: those fueceeded the! 
] maledidtion of his fates ; there the exaggerating of the want 


that the world fhould haue of his prefence, all the while hee’ 


¥ aboade inchaunted (as he infallibly beleewed he was) in chat 


place.. There he anew remembred his belousd Lady Datei- 
nea of Tobofo : There did hee call oft enough on his good 
Squire Sawche P anca,who intombed in the bowels of fleep, 
and ftrecched along en the pannell of his Affe,did dreame,at: 
that inftant, but little of the mother that bore him. There he; 
inuoked the wifemen Lirgandevand ufgaife , to-helpe him : 
and finally, che morning did alfo thereouertake him, fo full, 


| of defpaice and confufion, as hee roared ke a-Bulls for hee 


had no hope that by day light any care could bee found for 
his care, which he deemed would be euerlafting, becaufe he 
fully accompted himfelfe inchaanted ; aad Wwasthe more in- 
duced tothinke fo, becaufe he (aw that Rexmaate did nor 
moue little nor much, and therefore he fuppofed, that both 
he and hishorfe fhould abide in.chae ftace without eating, 
drinking, or Meeping, vacill shat either the nsglignant influ- 
ence of the Starres were paffed , or fome greater inchauater 


\ had difenchaunted him. 


But he deceived himfelfe much in'his beleefe ; for {carce 
did the day bepinto peepe, when there arriued foure horfe- 
men to the Inne dore very well appointed, and hauing their 
{naphaunces hanging at the pemell of their faddles. They 


called at the Innedore (which yet floed:fhut) and knocked 


very hard; which being perceiued by Dow- Quixote from the 
place where he flood Centinel,he faid with a very lowd,and 


| atrogant voice. Kaights or Squires , or whatfoeuer elfe 
| yee be, you are not to knocke any more at the gates of that 
Cafile, {eeing it is euident, that at fuch houres as chis, cither|.. 


4 
J 
Uy 
oo 
71 t* 
’ 


‘ 


| without moning his oucAretched Lord:and he being mada 
| ; _ f 


Pag 1/4) wit Knight Don- Quixote, 


icney which are within,doe repofe chem,or elfe are not wont. 
ro open Fortrefies vntill Phabsa hath {pread his beames o- 
wer the earth s-therefpre fland backe.,. andexpc& till it bee 
cleare.day, and then we will fee whether.it be iuft‘or no that | 
chey open their.gates vnse- you, WhataDjuell, wharCa- 
Ale or Fortreffe is this,quoth ene.of them, thar it fhould bind 
ws to vie-all thofe cireumftances ? if thou bec the Iukeeper, 
command thatthe dose:bee:opened:; for we -are trauailers,. 


- {khag will rareynelonges then so, bais ous-herfes , and. away, 


For we sidein.pofbaft, Doth ic feeme to-yau,, Gentlemen, 
queth Dow. Quixote, thar] looke like an Inkeepes 21 know. 
not what thon lookef like, anfwered the other; bus well I 
‘know thac:thoufpeakeRmadty.invcallinetbis Innea Cafile. 
Ne-i¢aKafile, replyed Daw: Daixete,:yeramd that oneofthe 
bef inthis Paouinsesand «hath peoplewithia is which-haue 
had a Scepter in-hand, and a Crowneon their heed: It.were 
betserfaid quicecomtrary,replycd the trauailer, the Seepter 
ian the head, and she Crowne inheihadd o But perhaps(and, 
foit may wellbe) thertisfoss company of playotssvithin, 
.who doe very viually hold the Sceprers , and weare thofe | 
crownes whereof thou talkeff: for in fuch 4 paultry Inne as 
this is, and where I hearefolittle naife;, cannot beleeuc a- 
iny one to be lodged worthy to weare acrowne, or bearea 
'{cepres.."Fhou knowelt bus lictle.of the worldreplyed Dome 
| Quixote , Seeing thou doft fo much ignore the chances that 
‘are wont to befall in Chiualry. The fellowes of him that en- 
tertained rhisprelixe dialogue with Don ~Qaixote, waxed 
weary to beare, them {peake idlely fo long together, and | 
‘therefore turned, aveinchta knocke with great fyry at the > 
‘idore,Landthatinduch forr, ssehey not enky waked the In- | 
ikeeper, butalfq alithe ghelts: and fe he arofe to demaund 
theirpleafuse,. et | 
—— Aacche meane-while it happed , chat one of the Horfes. 
whereon sheyirodedrewneare £0 {nell Roassgete, that me- 
lancholy and fadiy with; his;eases cafl:downe , did fuflayne 


54 


} bythe earneftnefle wherewith they Aretch themfelues ; de- 
b ceiuedby-the se they-haue ¢o touch the! pround if they 
can'ftreteh chem Pen 6. Seen 


| wehcrein are profecabed the wonderfull advienteres of the 


Inne, 


The delightfall Hiftorie of the Parr. 4 


of flefh and'bloud » although hee sefembled a blocke of | 


wood, could not choofebut feeleit, and. turneto {mell him 


| againe, who had thuscome to chetifh and-entertaine-him : 


and {carce had he ftirred but a shought fromthence, vhen 
Deon-ODuixotes feete , that were ioyned , flipt afunder , and 
tumbling from the faddle, -had’ daubtlefly fallen to the 
around, had he not remayned hanging by the arme: a thing 
that caufed him to indure{o much paine , as he verily belee- 
ued thar either his wreft was a cutting, or his armne a tearing 
oft from hisbody : and he huny fo neare tothe ground,as he 
touched it with the topsof his toes; all which turned to his 
preindice; for hauing felt ghe little which he wanted to the 
fetting of: his feete wholly.on the earth , hee laboured and 
drew all that he might to-reachiit ; much hike vntothofethat’ 


gerthe frapadé,with the condition toxouch orndt to touch; | 


who arethemfclues a caufe toincreafe their owne toiwre, 


lacwburadielefurther,. i fi: 


i a 


° ~ 


ase S56. > cere Pare ee CHAP.: XVII. 


yD NGS O many were the outeryes which Dor- 
§E( BON 3), Quixote made , asthe Inkeeper opened the 
iw, , dorevery hafiily sridafftighted, to fee who 

VY BY) it was ther fo foared : and:thofe that ftoode 

<p Without did alld-the fame. ‘Maritornes, 

” whom the cryes had alfo awaked, imagining 
Areight what it might be, went into the barne, and vnper- 
ceiued of any, hoofed the haleer that foRained Don. Duixote, 


and forthwith hee fell ‘to the ground in the prefence of the " 
j Inkeeper and the trauailers; who'comming tewardes him. 


he witbout making any an{were tooke off the halter from 


Parr.4 


. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


demaundedthe occafion why he did fo vnmeafurably roare ? 


his wreft, and getting vp, he leaped vpon Rozinante,imbra- 
ced his target, fet -his]aunce into the wreft , and wheeling 
about a good part of the field, returned with a halfe gallop, 
{aying : whofocuer thall dare to affirme that I have not been | ° 
with iuft ticle inchaunted : if my Lady the Princefle CMico- 
micona will giue me leaue to doe it, I fay that he lyes, and I 
doe prefently challenge him to fingle combat, The new tra- , 
uailers were amazed at Don- Quixores wordes, but the Hot 
remoued that wonder by informing them what hee was,and 
that chey fhould make no account of his words, for the man 
was bereft ef his wits : then they demanded of the Inkeeper, 
if there had asriued to his Inne, a young ir a of fome 
fifteene years old er thereabouts, apparelled like ahorfeboy, 
and hauing {uch and fuch markes and tokens: and then gaue:| , 
the very fignes of Downs Claras louer. The Holt made an- |. 
{were that there were fo many.people in his Inne as hee had | : 
taken no noticeof him for whom they demaunded. Butane] ; 
ofthem hauing feene the Coach whercia the Iudge came; : 
faid : queftionlefly be muff be here,for this is the Coach that 
they fay, he hath followed: let therefore one of vs remayne 
latthedore, and the refi enter to feeke him our. Yeaand ic 
‘will not be from the purpofe, if one of vs ride about without 
the Inne, left be. fhould make an efcape from vs by the wals |. 
ofthe yard. We will doe fo, faid another of them, and thus | 
two of them entred inte the houfe , one ftaied at the dore, | 
andthe other did cempaffe the Jnne about. The Inkeeper 
beheld all,buc could neuer iudge aright the reafon why they 
viedallthis diligence, although he eafily beleeued chat they | 
fought for the youth whofe marks they hadteld vatohim, | 
By this the day was growen cleere , and as well by reafon | 
thereof , as through the outcries of Don-Qusxote , all the 
(rangers were awake,and did get vp,efpecially both the La- 
dies Clara and. Derotea : for the oncthrough feare to: haue 
her louer fo neere,& the other with defire to {ce him scould 


_—— ~~ ane ASA, aie: 
516 | The deligltfwll Hiflorte ofthe = Panta 
eee mre 


fleepe bur very little all that night. Dex-Qacvere perceitting'|, 
that none of the foure tratiellers made ary account of hin, |. 
orantweredhischallenge, was ready ‘to burt with wrath | 
and defpite : andif he could any wife haue found that it- was 
tolleraced by che fatuces of Chivalry, that a Knight errant ' 
might baue lawfully vadertaken: sny enterprife , haulip | 
, ‘his word and faith,not to aetenipt any, vhtil hie had fi-' 

ipithed chat which he'had fir protnifed., ‘the would hateak | 
Yailed themall, and made them minopre theiredethtodnife ||. 
anfweredhim. Burbecaufelt Retied to hin not fo ckpedi- 
ent nor honounbk, tobegin'any new aduertire ¥otill be: 
had infalled-cBtioomteome in her Kingdorite , te wasforced ' 
‘tobe quictexpeing to ide wherunto the indeduours-atid | 
iditigen ce of chofe four eruwelicts ‘tended 's che ‘one whertof | 
Koond outthe yourh-that bee fearchied, alcepe ‘by-anothter |. 
(Lackey jHerle dreaming ehacaity Wodte didilooke fertim;’ 
jaridirsitech kefexwouldfinte Mith eut this. The indin drew 
{hha tp tlerrte, ert fetl eee y 08 wes, the idbite that ! 
lyau wedresnfwers'very Well your Calling , ahd the bddde 4 
\whereenyeulie, che cdre ahd terldethefie whettewith your 4 


imothoodid turfs you : tHe youth ‘herent rab'd his drowfe 4 : 
Jeges, end behidd very teifurelytitrchar did hold him (4A; aid 4 
new then Forteoteh tobe one ofthis Fathers feimarits; wher- 4 
‘atthe was foemandds hee could ‘nat ‘Peake a wed fora. 
whike : and dre 'Scruitigman continuing his fpecch, |: 
aid |Here isnovhing He to be-dote , Lord Lewes, bir that || 
‘you be patientund depurteapaine with vs towards home: if 
‘yourbe not pleafed'to‘haue your Farher and my Lord-depart |. 
oprofthis world to che other , for rf feffe tnny'be expedited 
From he woe wherein hte refts for ydut abfeiice. Why. how '|° 
did my father know,fald Dow Lewis , that I corte'chis way, - 
andiathis habite 2A Scudene, anfwered the other, to whotn }’ 
‘youbewraged yaurittencion, dtdhftouer it, monedtho- | 
‘rougirche.cofnpafiion lie to Oh totitere your fathers Bint 
tations when he found youmifing 1 82-fo he difbatcht foure | 
of bis men in your fearch,and we ere el at your féruice more 


Pen t.4 witite Kwight Dow Quiwote. 


-joyfull then may be imagined, for the good’ difpateit where.» 
"| withall we fhail returne,and carie yous his fighr, which do. 
| loue you fomuch. That thall be as I‘pleafé , or ‘beauen will 
difpofe, aid ‘Don Lewis, What would you pleafe , or what 
fhould: heaucn difpofe of other then that you spree ro re- 
turne ;for-cercainly you firell not doe the.cantrary, not isit 
| poffible you fhould¥ Allthefé reafons that pafféd Betweehe: 
| chem both,didthe Lackeythat lay by Don Lewis here’, and | 
|| arifing fiom thence; hewert and tolde altthat pafftd.co Dos 
| Pernande Cardenie, and’all the reftthac were gotten vp. To | 
whonrhetoldehow the mas gaue' the title of Dox to the: 
| boy,and recounted the fpeecti he vied, and how hee would 
| hauehintrerarne to his fathers houft: which: tie youth tre- 
| fiilfedtodoce, Whereupon, and knowing atready whiat'a 
] good veyce the heauens bad giuea him, they greatly defired 
| tobenrore particularly informed what he was: and inten-— 
| ded alfoto fielpe him, ifany violence were offered vnto hin, 
and therefore went-vneo the place where he was, anid flood 
| contending withhisferuant,, ! 
Dorotes ifued. by thisout ofher chabert, ahd in her | 
-companie Doma Clara,ali petplexed. Dorotea calling Car- |: 
 denio aide, tolde ymo-him fuccinGly all the hiftorie of the |: 
‘|: Mafitian,and Doma Clara: and he rehearfedco her agatie || 
{all chat paffed of the Stroingmens etrivall that came in his | 
‘|. purfuie, which he didnot fpeake {6 low, but that Donna Cla- 
| 7¢ overheard him, whereat fhe indured foch alteration,as fhe | 
'| hadfalne tothe ground; if Dorotea ramming, towards her, |: 
‘| had nocheldheryp. (ardewio intrested Doretes to returne | 
with the orher to se chamber, and he wonld endeavour to |, 
bring the matter to fome good paffé , which they prefently | 
| performed. The foure thas were come in Don Lewis his: 
Search were by thisall of chem entred into the Jane, and had |i 
| compaffed himabout,perfwadinghirn thachewould,cutting |! 
offalldelayes; returne tocomfort his father, He anfwered 
that he could not doe icin any fore, wotillhe had finifhed an |; 


a nae | aduenture; which imported him no leffe then his life his ho-*' 
wer. matic |’ - = ee. 


The delightful Hiftorse of the P art. 


nour,aad his foule, The feruants vrged himrhen faying,that 
they would in no fort goc backe without him, and therefore 
would carrie him home,whether he would or no. That fhall 
not you doe,quoth Don Lewis , if it be not that you carrie 
me Pome desc: and inthis feafon all the other Gentlemen | 
were come in to the contention, but chicfly Cardenia, Don 
Fernanda and his Comaradas,the Iudge,the Curate, and the 
Barber,and Dow- Quivote ; far nov it feemed to him need- 
leffe to guard the Cafile any more. Cardenio who knew al- 
ready the Hiftory of the. youth, demaunded. of thofe that 
would carie hin away, what reafon did moue them to feeke 
to take that ladde away againft his will ? We are moued va- 
to it,anfwered ene of them by this reafon that we fhall ther- 
by faue his fathers life, who far the abfence-of this Gentle- 
man isin-dangerto loofe it. T6 this faid Dow Lewis, itis to 
no end to make relationofimine affaireshere. Iam free,and 
will returne if] pleafe,and if not,no one fhall conftraine me | 
to doe it perforce, Reafon fhall conftraine you good Sirte. 
doe it,quoth the man, and when that cannot preuaile wich | 
‘ou, it fhall with-vs, to.put that in execution. for which we 
be come,and which we are bound t0 do. Let vs know this af 
faire from the beginning ; {aid the Iudge then to thofe men: } 
Sir,quothone.of them,who:knew him very well, as his Ma- 
fers next neighbour : Mafter Iuftice doth not your worthip 
know this Gentleman , who is.your neighbours fonne., aud. 
hath abfented himfelfe from his Fachicrs howls in an habice 
fo vndecent and difcrepant from his calling , as you may per- 
ceiue ? The Iudge beheld him then fomewhat more atten- 


_tuely,knew him,and imbracing of bim,faid, What toyes are 


thefe Don Lewis, or what caufe bath beane of efficacie fuffi-. 
cient to moue yeu to came away in this manner and attire., 
which anfwers your calling fo ill? The teares flucke thenin 
the young Gentlemans eyes , andhee could not anfwere. 
a word co the Judge, who bad the foure Scruiny men appeafe 


themfelues,for all things fhould be done to their fatisfacti- 


on,and then taking Den Lewis apart,heintreated him to tell. 


hive 


ey 


o eo GO- & 0c ~<a Wwe ~ 


(ae 


{.Panrige +. withiacmightDen-Quixote. 


him she.occafion of chat his depacter®s fj. bo 
__ And whileft hee made: this and -other «demaunds to-the 
| Gentleman, they heard a great noife atthe Inne doore ; the 
caufewhereof wasthat two gueQswhich:had jine there that 
| night,,fecing all she people bufied to learne. the caule of 
the foure hosfaens coraming,shad chought ta baue madean 
efcape.{gac-free, without detraying their expenfes:. but the 
Inkeeper whoattended his owne affairey. with more dili- 
gence then ather mens.did flay. chem at. their: going forth, 
padi slomaundsd his money, vpbraidigg sheir, difhongft refo- 
lution wath {uch wordes , as mquedthem sa return him an 
anfwere with their figs. which they: did fq roundly as the 
poore Holt was compelled to raifethe-crie,. "pnd demaund 
fuccour,.. Tae Hoftefig and: her: daughter. squid fee no man 
(0 free from ‘occupation as, Daw--Quixetey:49 wham the 
daugheer faid,I requeft you, Sir Knight, by-the-vertue that 
God.hathginen youta fuccourmy poore fathes .. whom 
two badde men are grinding like corne, To this Don-Dai- 
xote anfwered very, Jeifurely,and with great grapity; Beau- 
tifyll damzell your petition capmot preuaile acthyis rime., for 
as muchas I-am hindred from vndertaking any other aduen- 
ture,vntill Ihaue finifhed one wherein my.promife hath in- 
caged me; andaill that L can new doe in your feruice,is, that 
which I fhall fay now ynto you : run vato. your father, and 
bid him continue and maintaine his confli& manfully,as the | 
beft chat he may, vatill J demaund licenfe of the Princefle 
(Micomicana to helpe him out of his diftseffe; for if the will 
sive it ynto me,you may make ful account that hee is deliue- 
red. Sinner that 1 am(quoth ALaritornes , who was by and 
| heard what he faid)bctore you fhall be able’ to obtaine chat 
licenfe,of which you {peake,may Mafter will be departed to 
) theother world. Worke you fo Lady, quoth Den-Quixote, 
that [may haue the licenfe; for fo that I may haue ic, it will 
make no great matter, whether heebein the other world 
orno: for euen from thence would I. bring him backe a- } 
gaine,in defpite of the other aati felfe, if it durlt nee 
Kk 9 di ween. 


$22 | | Tbe delighefull Hiftorse of the ‘Panrgy 


dict me: or at leaft wife T-will take fucha revenge of thofe 
that doe fend him to the ‘other world , asyou fhail remaine 
more then meanely contented : and fo without replying any | 
more,he went, and fell otvhis knees before Dorotea, deman- 
dine of her in Knightly and errant phrafes , that fhe would 
deigne to licenfe himto goe and fiecour the Conftable of 
thac Caftle, who was then plunged in @ deepe diftrefle:. The 
Princeffe did graunt him léaue very willingly; and he pre: 
{ently buckling on his Target , & layin g Hand on bis fword, 
ranne tothe Irine dore, where yet the two suefts flood 
hanfomly tugging the Inkeeper. But as foone as he arriued, 
he Rept & flood fill, although Afaritornes and the Hofteffe 
demaunded of him wife or thrife the caufe of his reftineffe 
in not arefting her Lord and husband, I flay , quoth Des- 
Quixote , becaufe cviipa to the lawes of armes ; ic is not 
permitted to mé to lay hand to my {word againft Squire-dike 
men that ere not dubbed Knights. But call tome heere my 
Squire Sanebo,for this defence and reuenge concernes lim, 
ashisdaery, This pafled dt the Inne dore, where fifis and 
blowes were interchangeably pitten and taken in the beft 
fort,akthough to the Inkcepers coft ; and to the rage and 
gtiefe of ALaritornes, the Hoftefle andher daughter , who 
were like to runne wood,beholding Des. Qxixotes cowar- 
dife,and the mifchiefe their Mafer, husband, and father en- 
dured, But here lee vs feaue them; for there fhall not want 
oneto fuccour him, or ifnot let him fuffer : and all thofe 
that wittingly yndertake things beyond their power and 
force : and let vs eurrie backeward to heare that which Don- 
Lewis anfwered ara » whom we lefe fomgwhat apart 
with him,demaunding the caufe of his comming a foot,and 
and in fo bafe array : to which the youth wringing him hard 
by the hands, as an argument that {ome extraordinary griefe 
pinched his heart,and fhedding many teares, anfweredin 


this manner. 7 
I know not what elfe may tell you deere Sir, but, that j 
from the inftant that heauen made vs neighbours, andthacI ~ Aa 


a> 


Dan geg. wibtie Knight Dow Quixote, 


| -commaundseffe of my will; and if yours, my true Lord and 
| Father, doe not hinder it, the fhall be m Ponte this very 
| day, For herfake haue labandoned my fathers houfe, and 


‘|. went, asthe arrow doth the marke, or the mariner the 
‘North Rtarres fheis;as yet, no further acquainted with my: 


by the teares which the faw minecyes diftill a farre off. Now 

Sis, you know the riches and nobilitie of my. difcent, and 
how I.ami my fathers{fole heire and if jtfeeme vato you 

that thefebe conditiss, whéripanyou ay venture 29 make 

me through! ine 

in law: for if my father, borne away by others his defignes 

fhall not like fo well of this good which I have fought ont - 
for my felfe, yettime hath more-force to.vndoe, and change 


beld his peace, and the Iudge' semained aftonied.as: well at 
the grace and difcretion wherewith DosLewis had difcor 
tered his affections vnto him, as alfo to.{ee himfelfe. in fuch | 
'| 2 paffe, that as he knew not-what cousés he-might beft.cake 
'| itifo fadaine, and vmexpodted sanatters and therefore he ane 
{wered no other thing atthat tinie , but onely badde him to 
fettle his minde, and .incersaine the time. with: his feruants, 
end deale with them,to thatday., becaufe he might 


| all. Don Lewis did kiffe: his hands perferce; and did bathe 


and much morethe Iudges who (as a wife man) did pre- 
fently perceine , how beneficialland honourable was that . 
preferment for his daughter zalthough hee could haue wi-. 
thed, if it.had beene peffible corefiect it with the confent’ of 
Deon Lewis bis father who tie knew did purpofe to haue his 
fonne made a Noble mgn of title. | 

By thistime the Inkeeper and his guefts bad agreed, ha- 
ning paid him ailchac they. ought — by Don -Qnivetes 


per* 


: faw Doves Clara your danehter and my Ladie gi thade her 


defires, then.as much as fhe might ynderflgnd fome times, . 


| for her Idid en this attire, to follow:her wherefocuer fhe'| 


happy, sccept.of me prefentlyfor your fonne | 


| che affaires, chen mens wilszHeere the amorous Gehtlemas 


'| haueleafireé'to copfider what nlightbe mofi.conuenient for | 


chem with teares, athing able to moue a heart of Marble, | 


| The delechtfull Hiftorieofihe = - Pata. 
perfwaliohs, and good réafons, thea by angenanated: Abd’ 
Dich Lewes tis feruentsexpedgdtheond of she ludgesdit-. 
‘cotirfe,und his xefolution: when theidiuel (who never fleeps): 
‘Would haut‘it,at that very cime-entred incd ‘the Inte, . the 
Barber frorty Whom Dow: Quixote cooke awaythé Helinesaf. 
CMa brits, BS ancho Vance ciefurnibure of the Affe, wher-: 
‘Uf He tnade titiexchartgefor hit owne-s: whith. Barber ded- 
|-dirtg ts bealt'to the ftable:, faw Sancho Panca,.who was 
chending fome pattof the pannelt , and as foone as hé. had. 
| eyedctim; he kiwew:him and proferdy:fccvpomS anche fiy-, 
ing ¢ ASit ,Theeft haved found ydalbrere withallahd forni-: 
ture, whereof you tobd mer?! Sanche that faw bilnfelfexhus 
| effaulctd vnexpectedly, amd had heand the difpraceful vermes 
which the other wed, laying fafthald.on the. pannell.with 
| the one Hand’; pdue she: Barber: flch. a buffer withthe o- 
I thér,as hé-barhed at} hisiedertrin bhotid t:-butyet for alt-rhac 
the Barberhetd {aft his-gripe‘ofchepannell; andtherewith- 
all cried Gut fo tdtd jas all chofethat were in the boule came 
to the noylé,arrd\conffl dt, anmbbe faid, J call for che king and 
Tuftice, for. this theefe and robier by the high waies goeth 
ebout? to khine, -bucaufed ferke 10-TEoober ‘mine owe: 
Boos, thoutiett qaoth Semaba,fon tana nde s robber by che 
high waies; for my Lord Dass Qecwte wonne thofe fpoiles 
ina goed iwarte. Byzhi ameaLierrLwixete bimfelf-was come 
thither, 108 a indeproucco focchaw-welkhis Squire defen-. 
ded hinifalfc, and eéffendts! nsiaduerfary, and:thatefore hee | 
accounted hinr from thebcafdrth fhe aimarofvaldat, aid! 
purpoléd'in iis mind to dubbs dim Knight, on sche fir ob- 
cafion that fhould-be offered:, bepault bézchoughtthat the 
| order of Knighthood would be well-imployed-by him. ,: 
1 ‘Among dehet thingethat the Bakber {aid in thedifcourfe | 
of hiscontention, this wasone: Sites thimparinell is:as cete-' 
| tainly ming as che death which I awe yato God; and know 
it as wellas if Thad bredit , & chere is my Affe in the ftable, 
who willnot permit mec to tella lie: or otherwife do but tric 
| the: pannell' én: him, and if itfic him not iufily, I ait con- 
| tener 


-_-_—— 


“Gens.  _—Ss—-«w. 


~Paatg.  wittie Knight Dos-Quixote, 


sent. to remdino infamous: and I-can fay more, that the ve- 
sy day wherein: they tooke, my pannell from ‘mee, they 
robbed mee likewise: of a neerer brazen-Bafen, which 
| was neuer vied , and ‘coft mec a crowne. Heere Don- 
| Quixote could: sso:longer:.containe ‘himfelfe from {pea- 
_~ 1 king, and fo thrufting himfelfe betweene them two,and put- 
| ting them afunder, and caufing the pannel] to be laid pub- 
| likely on the ground, vntill the-truth were decided; he faid 
To theend that you may perceiue the cleere and manifeft 
error, wherein this goad Squire liués, fee how he cals thata 
bafen, which is, was,arid fhall be the helnetof «Alambrino, 
‘| which I tooKe awa peor from him in: faire warre, and 
made my felfe Lord therof,in a4 lawfull and warlike manner. | 
About the pannell J will not contend, for that which I can 
fay therein is,that my SquireSancho demaunded leaug of me, 
to take.awag the furniture of this vanquifhed cowards horfe, 
that he'might'adorne his owne withall: I gaue him autho- 
titie to doeit,-and he tooke theto : and for his conuer- 
ting thereof from a horles furniture into afpannell, I 
can piue none othexseafon then theordinary, one, to wit, 
| hac fuchtransformations ard viually feene in the fucceffes of 
cbivalry.: for confirmation wh area, friend Sancho,cun fpec- 
dily,and bring me our the helmet which this good man a- 
uoucherh to.be a bafen: by my faith Sir,quoth Sancho, ifwe 
haué no better proofe of our intention, then that which you 
| fay, Iifay that the helmet of Mamébrivo.is as arrranta. bafen 
 |-anchis goodmans furnitureds a pannel: Doe what l com. 
maund, faid Dow: Qurxote; Vcansiot belecue that al] the 
things in this Caftle will beguided by enchantment. Sancho 
went forthe bafen,& brought it,& as foone as Dor- Quixote 
L fawv.it, he-toike itin his hands and faid: See Sirs with what 
-facecad this impudent. Squire afficme, that this isa bafen, 
and not the helmet thar ]-haue mentioned : and I {weare to 
you all. by the arderof Knighthood which] profeffe,that this 
is the very fame helmet which I wan from him, without ha- 
ving added or taken any thing from it, “Fhatit is casting, 
| effc 


The delightful Hiflorie of the . Parr.g 


LL eer 
leffe quoth Sanshe, for fince the time that my Lord wonne 
‘¢ votill now, he neuer fought but one battell with ic, when 
the deliuered tbe vnlucky chained men; And but for this Bs- 
few-Helmet,he had not efcaped fo free as hee, did, fo thicke 
a fhower of tones rained all che time of chat confli&. | 


Cuar. XVIII 


wherein are decided the coptromerfies of the Helmet of 
Mambrinus, and of the pannell, with other flrange 
and moft true aducnturese 


Se Ood Sirs quoth the Barber, what do you 
> thinke of thatlwhich is affirmed by thefe 

<> Gentlemen,who.yet contend that this is not 
a bafen buta helmet ? He that thall fay the 
aa comtraty ,quoth Dos-Qaxiote, I will make 
wen ~ him kaow chat he lies, ifhe be a Knight ; and 
ifhe be buta Squite, that he lies and lies againe a thoufand 
times. Our Barber, :who was slfo prefent as one that knew 
Deon- Quixotes humour very wel, would fortifie his folly,and 
make the ieft paffe yet a litele farther,tothe end that they all 
might laugh : and therefore {peaking to the other Barber,he 
| faid. Sir Barber,or what elfe you pleafe, know that I amal- 
fo of your occupation,end haue had my writ of examination 
and approbation in that trade more then thefe thirty yeares, 
and am one that knowes very well all the inftruments of 
Barbery whatfocuer ;!and haue beene befidesin my youth- 
full daies a fouldier, and doe therefore likefe know what is 
a helmet, and what a morrion, and whata clofe Caflle, and 
other things touching warfare, I meane all the kinde of 
armes that a fouldier oupht to have : andtherefore I fay, 
(full fubmitting my felfe to the better opinion) that 
this peece, which jslaid heere before.vs,.. and which thy 


Pan 14. wittie Knight Don-Onixote. 


good Knight holdes in his hand, not onely isnot a Bare 
bars bafen, but alfo is fo farre ftom being one, asis 
white from blacke , or veritie from vatruth, yet doe J 
withall affirme, that although it isan helmet, yet it isnot 
a compleace helmet. No truly, quoth Dons- Quixote, for 
it wants the halft , to wit, the neather part, and the bea- 
uer. Itis very tre, quoth the ( #rate, who very well ynder- 
ftood his friend the Barber his intention ; and the fame did 
C: ardenio, Don Fernando,and his fellowes confirme yea and 
eu¢n the Iudge himfelfe, had not Dow Lewis his affaire per- 
plexed his thoughts, would for his part haue holpen the jeft 
wellforward, But the earnefineffe of that affaire held his 
minde fo bufied, as he litle or nothing attended the paftime. 
Lord haue metry vpon me , quoth he other Barber, then 
halfe befide himdelte, and is it poffible that fo many Honon- 
rable men fhould fay that this is no balon, bue a helmet? this 
is athing able to ftrike admiration into a whole Vniuerfitie, 
‘| how difcreet foever it were : tis enough if this bafen muff 
needesbe a helmet, thepannell mutt alfo Be a horfes furni- 
ture, asthisGentleman fayes. Toiwnec it feemes a pannell, 
quoth Den-Qaixere , but as I haue faid, I will not meddle 
with it, ner determine whether it be a pannell or the cappa- 
rifon ofahorfe. Therein is nothing elf o be donc, faid the 
Curate , bat that Sir Don- Quixote fay it once ; for in thefe 
matters.of Chinalsic, all chefe Noblemen, and my felfe, doe 
give vnto him the pricke, andthe price. I {weare ynto you 
by Ioue good Sirs, quoth Dox- Daixerg, that fo many and fo 
(range are the things which haue befallen me in this Caflle, 
thefe two times that I haue lodged therein, 4s I dare auouch 
nothing affirmatively of any ching thac fhatl be demauoded | 
of me concerning the things contayned it i; for I dee infal- 
| libly imagine, that all the aduentures whichpaffein it, are 
guided by inchauntment :the firfl time I wat very much vex- 
ed by an. inchaunted Afoore, thatisin it : and. Sache him. 
felfe {ped not very well with the Afoores followers : and ye- 
} fernizht I flood hanging almoft two houres fpaceby this 
} are, 


The delightful Hiftorieofthe  _-Pant.4] 


arme, without kaowing how, or how that difprace befell | 
me, fo that for me to a1edic now in fa confuled and difficult 
a matter , as to deliver ntine opinion, were to ‘paffe a: rath 
iudvement :So that which they fay, that this is a bafon, and 
no helmet, I haue already madeanfwere ; bat whether chis 
be apannell , or furniture, I dare pronounce no definitive | 
fentence,but only remit it to your difcreet. opinions:perhaps 
becaufe you are not dubbed Knights as 1am, the. inchaunt- 
ments of this place, will haue no power over you ,"and your |. 
ynderftandings fhall be free, and able to iudge ofthe things | 
in this Cafile really , and truly , and not as they feeme vnto |! 
me. Doubtleffe, queth Dox Fernando, Don- Quixote (aies } 
very well, that the definition of this cafe.belongs vnto7s ; 
and therefore, and becaufe we may proceede in it vpon the 
better and more folid grounds, I. will fecretly take the fuf- 
nee ofall thofe Geritlemen, and afterwards make a cleare 
and full relation of what fhallcomeofthem. 0.0007 | 
Tothofe that knew Don- Qysgote his humour, this was 2 
matter of maguailons Jsughser, and. (pore ;. bur ea‘fuch as 
were Dot acquainted therewithall, it {eemed the gteatell 
folly of the world, efpecially to Dev Lewss, and his foure 
feruants, & with other shree paflengers thas had arriued by |. 
chance to the Inne, and {eetned to be troppers of the holy 
Brotherhood, .as,indeede-they were,: but he thacwyas:moft 
of all befide himfelfe for wrath;-was the Barber, whofeba- | 
fen they had transformed-befote: bis oven face inte the bel- | 
met of Aambrino, and whofe pannell he made full account 
fhould likewife be turned into the ri¢h furniture, and equip- 
| page of a great horfe, All of chem, Jaughed hartily co fee 
Don Fernandes go vpand downe:taking the fuffrages of this 
man and thac , and rounding cuery one of thearin the eare, 
chat they might declare in fecret whether that was a pannell 
or a furniture, for which fuch deadly contention had pafled. 
‘| Afterthat hee had taken the fuffrages of fo many as knew |. 
Don- Quixote, he faid very lowdly , The truth is good fel- 
low that I grow weary of demaundinig fo many opinions; 


a 


~ 


PaRT.4. " wittre Knight Don-Qutxote, 


for I can ne fooner demaund of any man what I defirero 
know, but they forthwith anfwere me,how it is meere mad- 
neffe to affirme, that this is che pannell of an Affe, but rather 
the furnicure of a Horfe, yea and of a ehiefe horfe of feruice; 
and therefore you mu(t haue patience : for in defpite both of 
you and of your Affe, and notwithflanding your weake alle- 


niture of agreathorfe. Let me neucr inioy.a place in hea- 
uen, quoth the Barber, if you all be not-deceiued ; and fo 
may my foule appeare before God, as it appeares to mec to 
beapannell, and no horfe furniture : bur the law carriesix 
away, and fo fare well it, and yet furely 1am notdrunke; for 
voleffe it be by finning , my faft hath not beene broken this 
“ OTe’ follies which the Barber vtcered ; Aitred no leffe 
laughter among them, then did the rorings of Den- Dnixore, 
who then {poke in this manner : here isnow no more tobe 
done , but that euery msn take vp his owne goods , andto 
whom God Hath given thém, let:St. Peter giue his bleffing. 
Then faid one of che foureServingmen , if this were not a 
jeft premeditated , and made: of purpofe, I could not per- 
{wade my felfe chat men of fo good vaderflanding as al thefe 
are, or-feeme to be, fhould dare to fay,and affirme, that this 
is not‘a bafen, gor that.a pannells bur feeing that they auerre 
ie, foconftantly I haue caufe to fulpedty chat it canhat bee 
without miftery to affirme a thing fo contrary to that which 
very truth it felfe and experience demonftrate ynto vs, for I | 

doe vow (and faying fo he rapt out around oth or twe) that | 
as many as.are in the world,. fhould neuer make me belecue | 
that cliisis nobafen, nor that no panuell of a hee Affe: it 
might as well bee of a fhee Affe, quoth the €ayate': that 
comes all but toone, replyed the other; foritte queftion 
confifts nottherein, but whether it bea pannedlor not, as 
you doe auouch ? Then one of the Troupers of the holy Bro- 
; therhood (who had Iiftned to their difpacation , and was 
. [ growne full of choler to heare fuch an errour,maintayned, 


faid: 


gations and worfe prooues, it is, and will continue, the fur- | 


al am 


a 


pee | 


faid : it is asvery a pannel] as my father-is oy facher.sand hee: 
that hath faid, or fhall fay, the contrary is, I beleeuo, turned 
intoa grape, Thou lyeftlike a clownih knaue, quoth Dea: 
Quixote, and lifting vp his Zamels, whictt he alwayes held in 
| his hand, he difcharged{uch a blow atthe. Trouporspate, as 
if hee had not.auoided , it would hayethrqwen-him ta the 
ground ; the /qudline was broken 7 einai of the fall into. 
{plisters, ane che ather Troupers, fecing thoir fellew.fo.mil- 
4 vied, cryod out for help, and. afiftanceforshar holy Brother- 
| heodsthe Jnkeeper who alfa warane ofshe fame fraternicy, 
] rannedn far hisrod of I uftice and his dwond, and shen flood 
by hisfellowes- Dont Lemus his faure foruants com paficd him 
wt, Ice fhould attempt to.efcape. whilt che tumul ins 
dured. The Barber{ceing all the houfe turned vpfide downe, 
4 laid:hand agaige tpewhi 1, andthe fame did- Sancho, 
|, Dow-Daieese fer hang:to his {word, and afaulsed the 
Troypers:: Des dcws.cryedte hisSemingmen , that they 
| Gronld leaus. hin, and. geese helpe Den Auinote, Cardenio, 
| and{D on Fernandes (ox: all of thera toake Don. Drixoses 
‘| part. ap ei Leer nnatae ie wien 
| tes fqueaked, Af entermeshowied, Dexetas ficed-confuled, 
Lufainda, amazed, and Denna Clara diftonyedt the Barber - 

'| bagesed Sanpete, and Senche pounded himagaine. Dew. 
Lewis, onwhome ave. af his Seruingmen-had prefamedco . 
lay:haades, andboldbim.bythearme, gauchimfuchapat : 
onthesnouth , ashee brake his-cecth, and cheashedudge 
topks bins .inge: hig-owne proteAion, Dom Fenmande had 
1 geen one ofthe Troupess vader hisfeete, where he Rood | 
| Delabopsing himmachnpieafuse. Thelekeeperrcnewed his 
pytery aad! reinforced -his vaice:,: a, forthe 
holy Brotkarkond: fo shan all she lane feemed nothing elie 
bur plainta,cryes, (chsitches, canfulions, foases, dreades,. 
| A, Sana carat {pusnings, and cfhifion | 
ar 3 J 
{1 Iathesaidfofthia Chass, and Labyrinth of things, Da. | 
| Reuxate beganne todmagine, and éanciera himielfeythet he 


eS. o ealhc 


ou hold your hands, ail: of you put vp your {Words;alt ofyau | 
| be-quiet, and litten to me, ifeny of you'defite to contitlire d- 
‘lie : “Ehargeeat.and ‘monftrots voice made theth all Rand 
‘fill; thereupon hethus proceeded :did:not I telfyou, Sirs, 
thdtthis.Caftle was inchaunted, ‘and chatfdne lepidn of Di- | 
‘nels didinhabit it ? ia -cotifirmacton wheredf I would hatte - 


| °. Thecroupters. which did not-viidertand Dus. :Opvne 

manner of{peech, ardYaw themfelues very ‘il hartdied by 
Dow F ernundoand ( xrdenta,wouldin no wile be pacifled ; § 
bus theBarker whscontemt,, by. resfon thee in'tire confit | - 
both hisbeard ond his pannell'jsad beene tome in‘ pieces. | : 
Sancho.cotms Mafters voyce was qaickly ebedienc., as bier]. 
‘came a dusifull feruant.. Don. Dems-his foore. Strainpttien || . 
‘flood: tle quiet, fecing how:licle:waspained in being other: | ; 
only the lekeeperperfifted ss before, affirming that puniffes | 
fens wesdue ¢nto the:tifolencies of that nad. min, who e | - 
ryfoorcentounded'& difquicted his Jan. Fivally,cheramor | 
was pacified for chat time 3 the psanell remained for a horfe 
farniture-votill the. dayofiudginient;the bafon for ‘abelimer, 
atid the Sane fora Catlle in Don-Qminvres inagtnacion. All, 
the bediles being new appeated, sid aH mun accorded by | 
the ludges and Carates perfwa fons, Then began Don Lewis | 


The delightful Hiflorie of the Parr.g 


his feruants againe to vree him to depart with them, and 
whileft he and they debated the matter together, the ludge 
communicated the whole to Don Fernando , Cardenio , and 
the Curate defiring to know their opinions concerning that: 
affaire, and telling them all chat Dow Lewis had faid vnto 
hin ; whereupon they agreed that Dos Fernando fhould | 
tell che Serutagmen what he himfelfe was, and how it was 
his pleafure that Dow Lewis fhould goe with him to e4nda- 
luzsa , where he fhould becheriflied , and accounted ofby 
the Marquefle his brother , according vnto his calling and 
deferts: for he knew well Dox Lewis his refolutien co be 
fuch as he would not returne into his fathersprefence at that} - 
time, although they tore him into pieces. Don Fernando his 
quality and Den Lewis his iacention being vnderftood by 
the foure,they agreed among themfclues chat three ofthem 
fhould goe backe, to beare the tidings of all ehat had paffed 
to hisfather,and the other fhould abide there to attend en 
| -him,and never to leaue him vatill they returned to fetch 
him home,or knew what elfe his father. Would: commaunid, 
And in this fort was that monftrous bulke of diu:fion and 
ceacention,reduced to fome fornie by the authority of ef- 
| grameant and the wifedome of King Sebrixo, 
., Butthe enemy of concord , and. che aduerfary of pegce, 
findiag his proieéts to be thus illaded, aad contemned , and 
feeing the hue fruite he had goeten by fetcing chem all by 
4 the earcs,refolutd once againetotric his wits ,and {tirre vp 
new difcords and troubles, which befell ia this manner : The 
{| Troupers were quieted, hauing vnderfteod the <alling of 
thofe with'whom they bad contended, and: retyred them- 
{elues fromthe braule , kaowing that howfocuer the caufe 
fucceedec they themfelues fhould haue Rill the word end of 
the flaffe: but one of them, who was the very fame-whom 
Den Fernando had buffeted fo well,remembred how among 
many other wafrants which hee hadto apprehend malefa- 
Cters,he had one for Don-Qaixote, whom the Holy brotber- 
heod had commaunded to be apprehended for freeing of the 
, oe | 


Par r.4. wittie Knight Don. Quixote. 


Gally—flaues(adiftaer which Sancho had before hand with 
very great reafon feared.) As foone as he remembred ic, hee 
would needes trie whether the fignes that were giuen him 
of Don «Quixote did agree with his perfon,andfo taking out 
of his bofome a fcroule, of parchment , hee prefently found 
out thae which he looked for , and reading it a while very 
leifurely,as one that was himfelfe no great Clerke , at every 
other word he looked on Don- Ouiote and confronted the 
markes of his warrant with thofe of Don- Qyixores face , and 
found that be was infallibly the man that was thercin menti- 
oned : and {carce was he perfwaded that it was hee, when 
foulding vp his parchment, and holding the warrant in his 
teft hand , he laid holde on Don- Qwixetes choller with the 
right fo flrongly,as he could hardly breath :and cried out a- 
loude, faying, Aide for the Holy Bretherbood ; and that you 
may perceiue how I am in good carneft,reade that warranc , 
wherein you thall finde that this robber by the high way 
fide is to be apprehended, The Curate tooke the warrant, 
and perceiued very wellhat the Trouper {aid true, and that 
the matkes agreed very netre with Don-Duixotes; who 
{eeing himfelfe.fo abufed by that bafe rafcall,as he accounted 
hich, hie choler being mounted to her height, and all the { 
-bones of his body crafhing for wrath, he feifed as wellas he 
could,with both his hands on the Troupers throate,and that 
in {uch fort,as if he had not beene {peedily fuccoured by his 
fellowes , he had there left his life ere Don-Quixrore would 
haueabandoned his gripe. * i 

The Inkeeper who of force was to afsift his fellow in of- 
fice, forthwith repayred vnto his ayde. The Hoftefle feeing 
her husband re-enter into contentions and brabbles,raifed a 
newctie, whofe burden was borne by her daughter and 
Mariternes asking fuccour of heauen aad thofe that were 
prefent. Sancho fecing all that paffed;faid , By the Lord, all 
that my Maftec hath faid of the inchantments of this Caftle 
is true; for it isnot poffible for a man toliue quietly in ic one 
houretogether. Don Fernando parted the Trouperand Den 


ODuixote, 


The aclight{wll Hifforie of the P arr.4, 


Quixote, and with the good will of both, vnfafined their 
holdes : but yet the Troupers for all this defitted not to ree 
quire their prifoner , and withall , thatthey fhould helpeto 
oct him tyed, & abfolutely rendred vnto their wils ; for fo it 
was requifite for the King & the Holy Brotherhood, in whofe 
name they did againe demand their helpe and afsiftance for 
the arrefting of that publike robber and {poyler of people in 
common pathes and high wayes. , 

Don- 'Quixotelaughed to heare them fpeake fo idely,as he 
} imagined, and faid with very great grauity,Come hither you 
filchy bafe extraGtions of the dunghill, dare you terme the 
loofing of the inchained, the freeing of prifoners,the afsifting 
of the wretched, the raifing of fuch as are falne, and the fup- 
plying of thofe that are in want ? Dare you (I fay ) terme 
thefe things rebbing on the high way? O infamous brood, 
worthy for your bafe and vile coneeipe , that heaven fhould 
“neuer communicate with you the vallour included in the ex- 
ercife of Chiualry, we giue youto vaderftand the finne and 
errour wherin you are, by not adoring the very thadow,how 
much more the-afsiftance of a Knight errant ? Come hither 
Oyouthat be no-Troupers but theeuesin troupe, and rob- 
bers ofhigh.wayes by permifsion. of the Haly brorherbeod : 
Come hither, favs dtell me, who wasthat jolthead that 
| did fubfcribe or ratifie a warrant for the attaching of facha | 
| Knights lam ? Who was he that kaowes not how Knights 
‘| efrarit are ¢xemptéd from all Friburals 2’ and how that their 
{word is the-law, their valour the Bench , and their wils the 
flasuces of cheir Courts 71 fay apaine , what madman was he 
that knowes not how that no priviledge of Gentry enioyes 
fo.many preentinences, immunities, and exemptions,.as that 
-which a Knight errant sequires che day wherein be isdubd, 
and vadertakes the rigorous ¢xercife of arms ? What Knight 
errant did éuet pay tribute, fublidie,tallage,carriage,or paf— 
face over water ? What Taylor ever had money for thaking 
his. clothes ? What Conflable ever lodged him in Cafile chat 
“made him after. to pay: for the fhot ?: What King hath rot 


| 532 


P aRt.4._ | wittte Knight Don-Quixote. 


Placed himat his owne table? what Damvzell hath not taine 

in Joue with him, and permitted him to vie her as hee hhked? 
and finally what knight errant was there euer,is,or eucr fhall 
be in the world,which hath not the courage himfelfe alone 
to gine foure hundred blowes with a cudgell to foure hun- 
dred troupers that fhall prefume to ftand before him in ho- 
Aile manner? 


Cu ap XIX. 


| Ls which is finifbed the notable aduenture of thetroupers, 
and the great: ferocitie of our good Knight Don- 
Quixote, exd bow he was inchanted. ee 


Hileft Dow-Oxixote {aid this, the Carate Ja. 
boured to perfwade the troupers , how the 
fey Knight was diflracted, as they themfclues 
@ Jee might collect by his workes and:words, and 
Baa therefore it would be to ho end to profe- 
cute their ih any further, feeing that although they did 
apprehend and carry him away, he would be ass ati deli- 
uered againe,as amadman. To this, he that had the war- 
rant made anfwere,that it concerned him not to determine 
whether he was mad or no, but.onely to obey and execute 
his {uperiours commaund; and that he being once prifoner, 

they might deliuer him three hundred times, and if it were 
their good pleafure: for all that quoth the Curate, you may 
not carry him with you at this time, nor as.I fuppofe will he 
fuffer himfelfe to be taken, To be briefe,the Curate faid fo 

much, and Don-Qyixote plaid fo many mad prankes , as 

the troupers themfelues would haue proued greater fooles 

thenhe, if they had not manifeflly difcerned his defeat of 


| tolec him alone.vea and to be’ compounders of peace and 


| iudgemenc: and therefore they helditto be the belt courfe | 


533 


EEE EERIE Een 
534 The delightfull Hiflorie of the  Panr.4. 


Se a hae ck oe ee rn eee NE 
amitie betweene Sancho Panea and the Barber, which fill 
continued their moftrancorous & deadly contention. Finally 
they asthe officers of luftice, did meditate the caufe, and 

- were arbiters thereof, in fuch fort, as both the parties remai- 
ned, though notwholy contented, yet in fome fort fatisfied, 
for they onely made them exchange their panels, but noc 
their gyrts or headftals. 

Astouching Mambrinos helmet, the Curate did vna- 
wares to Den. Quixote, piuc to the Barber cight reals by ir, 
and the Barber gaue backe wnto him an acquittance of the 
receit thereof, and an everlafting releafe of all a@tions con- 
cerning it. Thefe two difcords which were the moft princi- 
pall, and of moft confequence, being thus accorded; it onely 
reftedthatthree of Dow Lewis his feruingmen would’ be 
contentto returne home,and leaue the fourth to accompany 
his mafter whither Don Fernando pleafed to carry him. And 
as good hap and better fortune had already begun to breake 
Lanees, and facilitate difficulties, in the fauour of the 
lowers, and worthie perfons of the Inne, fo did it refolue to 
proceede forward, and gine aprofperous fuccelfe vnro all: for 
the feruingman-were content todoe whatfocuer their ma- 
fer would haué them : whereat Donna (lara was fo cheere 
full,as no one beheld when her face in that feafon,but might 
reade therein the inward contentment ofher mind, Zerayda 

_alshaugh fhe did not. very well vaderftand all the fucceffes of 
the things fhe had feene, yet was the interchangeably orie- 
ued aud cheered according to the fhewes made by the reft, 
but chiefly by her Spaxyard,on whomsher eyes were ahwaies 
fixed, and all che aac of her minde depended. The Inkee- 
per, who didnot forget the recompence made by the 
Cutace tothe Barber, demaunded of him Don- Owixores ex- 
pences, and fatisfaction for the vege he had done to his 
wine bags, and the Joffe of his wine, {wearing that neither 
Rozinate,nor Sancho his Affe fhould depart out-of the Inne 
vatill he were paid the very laf farthing, All was quietly | 


ended by the Cwrate, and Des Fervando paid the whole. t, 


Paar.g. ‘wittie Knight Don- Quixote. 


famme ;, alchough the indge had alfo moft liberally offered 
to doe it ; andall of chem remained afterwards in fuch qui- 
| etneffe and peace, asthe Inne did no longer refemble the 
difcorded campe of Acramsante, (as Don- Quixote termed it) 
but rather enioyed the very peace and tranquility ofthe Em- 
perours Odtanians time : for all which , the cSmon opinien 
was, that thanks were iuftly due to the fincere proceeding 
and great cloquence of Maftcr Curate,and to the incomparas | 
ble liberality, and goodnefle of Don Fersando.Don-Quixete, 
perceiuing himfelfe free, and deliuered from fo many diffi- 
1 culties,and brabbles, wherewith as wellhe, as his Efquirc 
had beence perplexed)held it hightime to profecute his com- 
menced voyage,and bring to an end the great aduenture yn-~ 
} towhichhe was called and chofen. Therefore with refo- 
lute determipation to depart, he went and caft himfelfe on 
| his knees before D orotea, who not permitting him to {peake 
vorill he arofe , he toobey-her, ftood vp, and faid. Icisa 
common prouerbe, beautifull Ladie, That diligence is the 
mother of goodbap :and in many and graue affaires , experi- 
ence hath fhewed, that the follicitude and fore of the ies 
oft brings adoubrfull matter toacertaine and happy ead, 
Bur this truth appearesin nothing more cleerly,then in mat- 
ters of warre; wherein celerity and expedition prevent the 
enemies deffiznes,and obtaine the viQtory before an aduer- 
fary can put himfelfe in defence : all this I fay, high and wor- 
| thy Ladie,becaufe ic feemesto mee that our abode in this 
Caftle is nothing profitable,and many therewithall turne fo 
farre to our hinderance,as we may palpably feele it one day. 
For who knowes but that your enemie,the Giant hath lear- 
ned by fpies,or other fecreet intelligence and meanes, how J 
meane to come and deflroy him, and (oportunitie favouring 
his diffignes) that he may haue fortified himfelfe in fome in- 
expugnable Caflle or Fortreffe, againtt che ftrength whereof 
neither mine induftrie,nor the force of mine iauincible arme 
cao much preuaile; wherefore, deare Ladie, let vs preuent 
(as I hae fayde by our diligence, and let vs prefently depart 
Tio9 vt 


Sis oft wie 


\ 


aerenae | . 
53 6 | The delightfull Hiftorse of. the P ARTA. 


ae ae on 
vito the place wherunto we are called by our good fortune, 
which fhalbe deferredno longer then ] am abfent from your 
highneffe foe. Heere he held his peace,and did expect, with 
great grauitie the beautifull Princefle anfwere : who with 
debonary countenance,and a Nile accommodated vnto Don- 
Quixote returned him this anfwere. I do gratifie and thanke 
| Sir Knight, the defire you fhew to afi me in, this my 
great neede ; whic denotes very clcerely the great care 
you haue to fauour orphanes and diftrefled wightes : and] 
befeech God that your good defiresand mine may bee ac-_ 
‘ | complifhed, to the ende that, you may fee how there are. 
fome thankfull women on earth: as touching my departure, | 
let icbe forthwith, for I have none other will,thé that which 
is yours; therfore you nay difpofe of me at your owne plea- . 
fure, for flie chat hath once committed the defence of her 
petfon vnto you, and hath put inco your hands the reftitu- 
tion of her eftate, ought not to fecke to do any other thing» 
then that which your wifedome fhall otdainc. Inthe name | 
of God(quoth Den- Onixateecirg that your bighnes doth 
{6 humble your felte vnto mee,! will not lofe the occafion of 
exalting it,and inftallmgst againe in the throne of your in- 
heritance, Let our departure be incontinent for my defires, 
and the way,and that which they cal the danger that isin 
delzy,doe fpurre me on, And ftemg that heauen neuer crea- 
tcd,nor hell euer beheld ait ae that could affight me, or 
make a coward of tne, gotherefore Sasshoand faddie Ro- 
zinante, andempannell thine Affe, and make readie the 
Queenes palfrey, and let vs take leave of the Conttable 
and thefe other Lords, and depart away from hence in. 
flantly. | 
Then Sancho (who was prefent at all this)wavoing of his 
head, faid: O my Lord,my Lord, how much morc knaueric | 
(be it fpoken with the pardon of all honeft kerchefes ) is 
there inthe litle village then is talked of 2, what ill can 
| there be in any village, or.inall.the Cities of the world,able 
to impaire my credite,thou villaine?Ifthou be anstic,quoth |," 


PaRrt.q. _  -wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


Sancho, I willhold my tongue, and. omit to fay that which 
| by che dutie of a good Squire, and of an honeft feruant I am 
bound to tel you, fay what thou wilt quoth Dox- Quixote, 
{o thy words be net addrel} to make me afraid ; . for if thou | 
| beef frighted, thou doett onely like thy felfes and if I bee : 
deuoid of terrour,] alfo doe that which I ought, it is not thac | 
which I meane quoth Sascho , but that I doc hold for moft 
fure & certaine that this L adie which cals her felfe Queene 
f the great Kingdome of ALicamicon,is no more a Queene : 
{ .ben my mothers for ifthe were what fhe faies, the would } 
not at every corner,and at euery turning of a hand be billing . 
as fhe is, with onethat is-in this pood company : Deretea 
')'ufhed at Sanchos words; for it was true indeede that her 
(ipoufe Don Fernando would. tyow! and .then. priuately_ 
(teale from herips fome past of the reward which his de- | 
fires did merit,(which Sanche efpying,it feemed to him,that 
chat kinde of wanton familiarity was more proper to curte- 
1 fans,then becomming the Queene of fo great a Kingdome) 
and yet fhe.neither could,nor would reply vnto him, butlet. 
him continue his fpeech, as followeth : This I doe fay, 
| good my Lord quoth he,to this end, that if after wee hauc 
| runne many waies and courfes, and indured bad nights and : 
worfe daies,he that isin this Inne, {porting himfelie , fhall 
| cometo gatherthe fruit of our labours,there is noreafon to: 
| halen me thus co faddle Rozixante, ovempannedl che Affe, | 
| or make readie the Palfrey, {ceing it would bee beteér that: 
we ftayed fill, and chat ewery whoore fpunne, and.we fell to ' 
ourvidtuals, = a ee : | 
|. O God, bow great was the fury that inflaming Don Duixote, , 
| when he heard his Squire {peake. fo refpedtlcfly.. tay it was, 
] fo vreat,that with a fhaking voyce,a faultering congue, and : 
the fire {parking out’of his éyeshe faid, © villanous pealanr, | 
rath, ymnannerly,ignorant,rade,blafphemous,boid murnu- 
] rer,and detractor, haft thou prefumed cofpeake fuch words 
in my prefence, and in that of thefe noble Ladies ?cand haft. 
* -) thou dared to entertaine {uch rafh and: difhone(t furmifcs 


5 28 The delightfull Hiflorie of the PaRrT.4:| 


into thy confufed imagination ? depart out of my fight thou 
monfter of nature, florehoufe of .vntruthes, armorie of fal- 
fhood, fincke of roguerie, inuentor of villanie, pubhifher 
of ranings y andthe enemie of that decency which is to be 
vfed towards royall pcrfons. Away villaine , and never ap- 
peare bcforemee, vnder paine of mine indignation : and 
faying fo he bended his browes, fild vp his cheekes, looked 
about him on every fide, and ftrucke a great blow with his 
right foote on the ground ; all manifefi tokens of the rage 
; which inwardly fretted him : at which words and furious 
eeftures poorc Sancho remaincd fo greatly affrighted, as he 
could haue wifhed in that inftant,that che earth opening vn- 
der his feete would {wallow him vp. And knew not what 
to doe, but turne his backe, and get him out of his Lords 
mott furious prefence : but the difcreete Doretea (who was 
now fo well {chooled in Don- Dasxotes humour) to mitigate 
his yre faid vnto him; be not offended good Sir Knight of 
the fad face, at the idle words which your good Squire hath 
{poken : for perhaps he hath not faidethem without fome 
ground,nor of his good vnderflanding and Chriftian mind 
can it be fufpeXed, chat he would witcingly flaander or ac- 


nets 
Z 


ts 


oot 


a 
ta 
/ 


si 


3 | cufe any body falfely : And therefore we mufi beleeue,with- 
‘ 8 out all doubr,that asin this Cafile as you your felfe haue faid, 


Sir Knight ali chings are reprefented,and {ucceed by manner 
ofiachancment, } fay it might befall, chat Sancho may haue 
feene by diabolicall illufion that which he f{aies,he beheld fo 
much to the preiudice of my reputation, I-vow by the omni- 
potent Jone, quoth Don- Onixore,that your highnes hath hit 
che very pricke, & thac fornc witkéd vifion appeared to this 
finner, my man Sancho, that made him to fee that which o- 
therwife were impoffible to be feent by any other way then 
that ofinchantiment: for I know very well the ereat pood- 
nefic, and fimplicitie of that poore wretch is fick » aS hee 
knowces not how to inuent a lye on apy bodie Jiuing. Ic is 
euen fo, and fo it fhall be quoth Dom\Fernando : and there-” 
fore good Sir Dow-xixore you mult pardon him,& reduce 


nda psntas A 


|Paxt.4. . wittie Keight Dor-Quixote, | 339 | 0 


him againe to the bofome of your good grace : Siewt erat in 
\principio, and before the like vifions did difra@thisfenfe. | . ~ 
Don- Quixote anf{wercd , that he did willingly pardon him: "| 
and therefore the (urate went for Sancho, who returned 
| very humbly, and kneeling downe on his kneesdemaunded | ° 
| his Lords hand, which he gaue vnto him, and afeerthathee | . 4 
had permitted him to kiffe it, he gaue him hisbleffiag , fay. | 
ing. Now thou thalt finally know Saxebo, that which ] haue 
told thee diuers times , how that all the things of this Caftle 
are made by way of inchauntment. So doe I verily beleeue, 
faid Sancho, except that of the Canuaffing inthe blanquet, | 3% 
which really fucceeded by an ordinary and naturall way:doe | 
not beleeue that, faid Dox- Quixote; for ifit were fo, would ~ 
| both then,and alfo now haue taken a dire reuenge:butmei- | ~ 
therthen, nor now could I cuer fee any, on whom I might 
reuenge that thine iniurie, All of them defired greatly to 
know what that accident of the blanquet was, and then the 
Iokceper recounted it point by point, the flights that San- 
cho Panca made, wherest they all did laugh nota little, and 
S anche would have beene afhamed no lefle, if his Lord had 
not anew perfwaded him, that it was a meereinchauntments 
And yet Sanchos. madnefle was neuer fo greatastobeleeuc | + 
that it was neta reall truth, verily befallen him without any 
‘| colour, or mixture of fraude, or illufion ; but that hee was 
toficd by perfons of flefh, bloud,and bone,and not by drea- 
med and imagined fhadowes or f{pirits, as his Lord belce- 
ued, and fo conftantly afirmed. : 
Two dayes were now expired, when all chat Noble com- 
any had foiourned in the Inne, and then it feeming vnto 
| them hich time to depart , they deuifed how (without put- 
ting Dorotea and Don Fernando to the paines, to turne back 
with Dox- Quixete to his Village, vnder pretence of refto- 
-{ ring the Queene Aficomicona )the Curate and Barber might 
carry him backe as they defired , and indcauour to haue him 
. cured of his folly in his owne houfe. And their inuention was 
this; they agreed with one, who by chaunce paffed by. chat 
Ps way 


RR Aa ge GS A ID 


The delightfull Hifforee of the PA R Teg. 


way with a Teame of Oxen, to carry him in this order fol- }. 
lowing. They made a thiag like a Cage of timber, fo bigge 
as that Den- Duixore might fit, or lye in it at his eafe : and | 
prefently after Dom Fernando , and his fellowes, with Don 
Lewis his feruants, the Troupers, and the Inkeeper,did all of | 
them by Matter Curates dire&tion couer their faces and dif. . 
guife themfelues , euery oneas he might beft , fo that they : 
might feeme to Dow-Qusxete other people then fuch as lie 
had feene in the Caftle. Aud this being dene, they entred | 
with very great filence into the place where hee flept, and 
tooke his reftafter the related conflicts: and approching him 
who flept fecurely, net fearing any {uch accident, and laying 
holdon him very frongly, they tyed his hands and his feete 
very Qronely, fo chat when hee ftarted ont of his fleepe, hee 
could not Rirre himfelfe, nor doe aay other thing , then ad- 
mire, and wonder ac thofe ftrange fhapes which he faw flan- 
ding before him:and prefently he fel into the conceipt which 
his continuall and diftracted imagination had already fugge- 
Aed voto hin, belceuing that all thofe ftrange figures were 
the {pirits and fhadowes of that inchaunted Caftle, and that 
he himfelfe was now without doubt inchaunted, {eeing hee 
could neither moue nor defend himlelfe. All this fucceeded 
juftas che Curate (who plotted the jeft) made full account it 
would. Oaly Sascho, among all thofe that were prefent, 
was in his right fenfe and {hapes and alchough hee wanted 
but little to be facke of his Lords difeafe, yer for all chat hee 
knew all thofe counterfait Ghofls- but hee would not once 
vafold his lips, vitill hee might fee the end of that furprifal) 
and imprifonment of his Mafler. Who likewife {poke never 
a word, but only looked to fee what would be the period of 
his difgrace, Which was, thacbringing him to the Cave, 
they fhut him within,and afterwards nailed the barres ther- 
of fo well as they could not be eafily broken, They preicnt- 
ly mounted him vpon their fhoulders, and as he iflued our at 
the chamber dore,they heard as dreadful a voice as the Bar= | . 
ber could deuife (not he of the pannell but the other) which | ° 
aie aes {ied 


PAR 1.4.  wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


faid: O Knight of the (adde countenance bee not grieued at the 
imprifcumsent whereinto thos art led, for {o st msnit bee, that 
thereby the aduenture into which thy great force and valour 
hane thraf? thee may bee the wsore Speedily ended; andended it 
will be when the furious Manchegal Lyon,and the white Tobo- 
fian Done, fhall be united in one , and after they bane humbled 
their lofty creft unto the (oft yoke of wedlecke : from whofe won- 
derfull comfort, hall iffue to the light of the Orbe, fierce whelps | 
which {bal imitate the rannching pawes of ther valoroms father, 
and this (ball bce, before the purfner of the fugitine nymphe doe 
with his fwrft and naturall comrfe neake two tnrnes,in uifitation 
of the gliftring Images; And thon O the moit noble, and obe- 
dient Squire, that ener had fword at agyrdle, beard ona face, 
or dent in nnofe, let it not difmay , or difcontent theetofee,cars 
ried away beftre thy eyes the flower of all Chinalrie errant, For 
very Sheodtly, if st pleafe the framer of the world , thou fhalt fee | 
thy felft fo exalted and ennobled, as thou fhalt fcarce knowe thy 
felfe: Nor fhalt thou bee defranded of the promifes made onto 
thee by thy Noble Lord : and I doe affuve thee, from the wife 
Mentironiana, shat thy wages hall be payed thee, as thon fbalt 
quickly fee in effect :andtherefcre follow the fleps of the valerens 
and inchannted Knight, for it us neceffary, that then goe tothe 
place where yon both fhall fay: and becanfe 1 am not permitted 
to fay any more, farewell; fer I doe returne I well know whither. 
Towards the end of this prophecie,he lifted vp his voice,and 
afterwards lefned it with fo flender an accent, thateuen 
thofe which were acquainted with the jeft, almoft beleeued 
what they had heard. a 
Don- Daixote was very. much comforted by the prophe- 
cie ;. for hee prefently apprehended the whole fenfe thereof, 
and perceiued how hee was promiled in marriage his belo- 
uicd Dalemea of Tohof , from whofe happy wombe fhould 
fally the Whelps (which were hisfonnes):to the eternal glo- 
ry ofthe Afancha. And beleeuing all this molt firmely, hee 
elevated his voice,and breathing forth:a great figh, thus faid: 
O thon whatfoener thou beef which:baff pregnofticated /o great : 
7 : a 


eg 


ee ea eee ee eee ee oe eae 
54.2 | The delightfull Hiflorieof the = Parr.g4 


Ce 
ood to we, I defire thee torequctt in my nante,the wifemanwhe 
hath charge to record mine alts , that he permit me xot to peri{b 
in this prifon (to which ee) now do carry me) befere the accom. 
plifbment of [6 ioyfull and incomparable promifes , as now bane 
beene madevnto me, For (6 that this may befall,I will account 
the paines of my prifon aglory, andthe chaines that inuiron me 
ancale and will not efteense this bed whereon I amlaid a bard 
field of battaile, but a foftticke , and amoft fortunate lodging. 
eAnd a5 concerning the confolation of my Squire Sancho Pan- 
ca, J trnft in bis goodneffe, and Loneft proceeding, that he will 
not abandon me in good or bad fortune ; for though it foould fall 
ont through his, or my bard bap, that I fhallnot bee able te he- 
frow on him an Iland,or other equinalent thing as [ bane promi- 
fed,bss wages at leaft cannot be loft, for in my T eftament which 
is made already, 1 bane fet downe what be is to hane,thongh not 
confarmably to bis many good fernices, yet according to my pof- 
ibility. Sancho P ancabowed his head with great reverence, 
and kiffed both his hands (for onealone he could not by rea- 
fon they were bound together) and prefently thofe vifions 
did lift vp the cage , and accommodate it on the Teame of 
Oxen, | | | 


Cuap. XX. 


wherein is profecuted the maxacr of Don-Quixotes iz- 
chauntment, with other famous occurrences, 


ea AQ) Fen Don- Quixote faw himfelfe to bee inca- 
RES ged after that manner,and placed in the Cart 

SF WN) ethy(| be faid,I haue read many and very praue hi- 
| Ys {tories of Knights errant, but I neuer read, 
7 RUAN )| faw, nor heard, that they were wont to car- 
DIEZ: £4 ry Knights errant anchaunted after this man- 
ner, and with theleifure that chofeflothfull and heauy beafis 
doe threaten: forthey were euer accuftomed to be cattied in 


7 


? 


PAaRT.4 wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


the aice with wonderful {peed,fhut in fome duskie & obfcure 
clowd;or in fom fiery chariot;or on fom Hppogrifus,or fome 
other fuch like beaft: but that they cary me now on a Teame 
of Oxen, I proteft it driues me into a great amazement, but | 
perhaps both Chiualrie, and the inchauntments of thofe our | 
times , doe follow a courg different fromthofe of former 
ages and peraduenture it may alfo bee, that as ] ama new 
Knight inthe world, and the firft chat hath ayaine reui- 
| ued the now-negiected, and forgotten cxercife of armes, 
fo haue they alfo newly inuented other kinds of inchaunt- 
ments, andother manners of carrying away inchaunted 
Knights. What doeft thou thinke of this Sonne Sancho ? ] 
know not, quoth Sawebe, what to thinke , becaufe I'am not 
fo well feene in Scriptures errant as you ares. but for all this 
I durft affirme and fweare , that thefe vifions which goe vp 
and downe inthis place are notaltogether Catholike, Ca- 
tholikes, my father, quoth Dos-Quixete, hew can they bee 
Catholikes, when they be all Diuels, which haue affumed 
phantafticall bodies to come and put me into this Nate ? and 
if thou wilt proue the truth hereof, doe buc touch and feele 
them, and thou fhalt finde them to haue no bodies-, but of 
aire, and that they confift of nothing but an outward appea- 
rance. Now by my faith Sir, quoth Sancho, I have already 
touched them, and find this Diuellthae forth there fo bufily 
vp and downe , both plump and foft flefhed; and that hee 
hath befids an other property very different from that which 
J haue heard fay Diuels haue : for it is faid,that they fmell all 
of brimftone and other filthy chings; but one may feele at 
leafthalfe a league off, the ambarthatthis Diuell fmels off.. 
Sancho {poke this of Dos Fernande, who belike ¢as Lords 
of his ranke are wont) had his attyre perfumed with Am- 
bar, . 
Maruell not thereat friend Sancho , quoth Don- Quixote, 
for the diuels are very craftie ; and although they bring | 
{mels or perfumes about them, yet they themfelues {mell no- 
thing(becaufe they.are fpirits)or if they doe {mell onght itis. 
~ not 


54.4 


The delightfull Hiftorie of the Parr. 4. 


not good, but euill and Ainking fauors : the reafon is,for that 
as they doe alwayes beare wherefoeuer they be, their hella» 
bout them, and can receiue no kina of eafe of their corments, 
and good fmels bee thinges that delight and pleafe ; it is 
not poffible that they can {mell any good thing: andifie 
feeme to thee, that that diuell whom thou doft mentien, 
(mels of e4mbar,cither thou art deceived, or he that would 


deceiue thee, by making thee to thinke that he is no diuel]. |. 


All chefe difcourfes paffed betweene the Mafter and the 
man ; the whilft Dox Fernande and Cardenio ( fearing leaft 
Sancho Thould finde out the deceit whereto he was alrea 

come very neere)refolued to hatten the Knights departure ; 
and therefore calling the Inkceper afide, they commaunded 


him to faddle Roxssante , and empannell Sache his beatt; |. 


which he did with all expedition : and the Curate agreed 
with the Troupers for fo much a day to accompany him va- 
to his village. Cardenio hanged at the pommell of Rozivaw- 
tes faddle , the Target on the one fide, and on the other the 


Bafon,and by fignes commaunded Sancho to get vp on Mis | 


Affe and leade Roxsmante by the bridle ; and afterwards pla- 


ced on either fide of the Carttwo Troupers with their fire- | 


lockes. 


But bcfore the Cart departed, the Hofieffe, her daughter, | 


aud CMarivornes came out co'bid Don- Onixete farewell, 
fayning that they wept for farrow of hisdifafter ; co whom 
Don- Quixote {aid: My good Ladies doe not weepe for all 
thefe mifchances are incident to thofe which profefle that 


which J doe: and if thefc calamities had not befalne me, 1} 


would neuer haue accounted my {elfe,for a famous Knight 
errant : fx the like chances neuer happen to Knights of little 
name or renoune, becaufe there are none in the world that 
makes any mention of them. But they often befall to the 
va'orous, who haue emulators of their vertue and valour, 
both many Princes and many other Knights that firiue by 
indircét mcanes to deftroy them, But for all chat, vertue is 
lo potent,as by her {elfe alone (in defpite of all the Nigro- 


ewe neared ' 


PAaRT.4. wistie Knight Dow Quixote, 


mancy that ever the firfl inuenter thereof Zereastes knew) 
fhe will come off victorious from euery danger , and will 
fhine in the world as the Sunne doth in heauen. Pardon me 
faire Ladies if by any carelefnefle I haue done you any dif- 
pleafure , for with my will and knowledge Ineucr wronged 
any. And pray vnto God for mc,that he will pleafe to deli- 
| uer me out of this prifon , whercinto fome ill meaning in- 
chanter hath thruft me ; for if Torce may fee my felfe at li- 
berty againe,I will neuer forget the fauours which you haue 
done me in this Caftle, but greatly acknowledge and recom- 
pence them as they deferue. Whilelt the Ladies of the Ca- 
{tle were thus intertained by Don-Qasxote , the Curateand 
| Barber tooke leaue of Dow Fernando and his companions,of 
the Captaineand hisbrother ; and of all the contented La- 
dies, {pecially of Doretea and Lu{cinda,all of chem embraced 
and promifed to acquaint one another with their fucceeding 
fortunes, Dex Fernando intreating the Curate to write vnto 
bim what became of Don- Quixote , afluring bim that no af- 
faire he could informe him of fhould pleafe him better then 
that , and that he would in lieu thereof acquaint him with 
all occurrences which he thought would delight him eyther 
concerning his owne marriage or Zoraydas baptifme,or the |. 
fucceffe of Don Lewis , and Exfcindas returne into her | 
heufe. 
The Curate offered willingly to accomplifh toa haire all |. 
that he had commaunded him: and fo they returned once 
 againe to embrace one another, & to renew their mutual] & 
complementall offers. The Inkeeper came alfo to the Cu- 

rate,and gaue him certaine papers,faying, that he had found [ 
them within one ofthe linings of the wallet, wherein the 
Tale of the curious inapertinent was had ; and that fince the 
owner did not returne to fetch it , he bad him take them all 
with him : for feeing he could not reade , hee would keepe 
| themno longer, Mafter Curate yeelded him many thanks; 
and then opening them, found in the beginning therof thefe)| 
wordes: 7 be Tile of Riconnette.and Cort adillo; by.which he |: 


eo 


eee ae ede SR Le EE ee ED 
vnderttood that it was fome Hiftory , and colleted that it 


both fidesthereofthe Troupers rede with their firelockes: 


The delightful Hiftorie of the Par 14 


muft be a good one, feeing that of thecurious Impertinent, 
contriued perhaps by the fame Authour,had proved fo well, 
and ae he laid it vp, with an intention to readc it as 
foone as he had oportunity.’ Then hee mounted on horfe- 
backe with his friend the Barber ; and both of chein putting 
on their maskes that they might net quickly be knowne by 
Don- Duixote,they trauclled after the teame, which held on 
in this order; firtt went the Cart, guided by the Carger : on 


then followed Sancho vpon his Affe , leading Rozsnante by 
the-bridle ; and Iaft of all came the Curate and Barber vpon 
their mighty Mules, and with their faces couered: allina 
graue ge(lure,and with an Alderman-like pace, and trauel- 
ling no fafter then the flow fleps of the heauie Oxen permit- 
ted them. Don-Qaixete fate with his hands tyed, his legges 
Rretched out , and Jeaning againft the barre of the Cage, 
with fucha filence,and patience, as he rather feemed a (ta- 
tue then aman. In this quiet and leifurely manner they tra- 
uelled fer the {pace of two leagues , when arriuing to a val- 
ley,it feemed to their Conductor a fit placeto repofe and 
bait his Oxen. And acquainting the Curate with his pur- 
pofe,the Barber was of opinion that they fhould yet goe on 
a little further,becaufe he knew chat therelay behinde a lic- 
tle mountaine,which was within their view a certaine vale, 
much better furnithed with graffe then that wherein hee 
meantto abide. The barbarous opinion was allowed , and 
therefere they continued on their trauell , when the Curate 
looking by chance behinde him , faw comming afterthem. 
fixe or Geauen men onhorfebacke,and very well appointed, 
who quickly got agen of them ; for they came not thela- 
zie and flepmaticke pace of Oxen, but as men that were 
mounted on Canons Mules,and pricked forward with a de- 
fire to paffe ouer the heat of the day ia their Inne,which was 
not much more then a league from thence.) Finally, thofe 
diligent trauellers ouertooke our flouthfull ones , and falu- 


P ART. 4. | wittte Knight Don- Quixote. 


ted them courteoufly,and one of them that was a Canon of 
T oledo,and Mafier of the reft, noting the orderly preceffion 

of the Cart , Troupers , Sancho,Rozinante, the Curate and 
Barber, but chiefly the ingaged Don- Duixote , he could not 

forbeare todemand what meaned the carriage of that man, 
in fo flrange a manner, although he did already coniecture 

by obferuation of the Troupers that hee was fome notable 

robber or other delinquent, the punifhment of whom be- 

longed tothe Holy Brotherhood, One of the Troupers to 

| whom the demaund was made,did anfwere iu this manner: 

Sir we know not wherefore this Knivht is caried in this 

forme,and therefore let he himfelfe’, who beft may, tell you 

thereafonthereof, . 

Deon-Ouixote had ouerheard their difcourfe , and faid , if 
Gentlemen you be conuerfant and skilfullin matters of Chi- 
-ualry,I will communicate my misfortunes with you, but if 
you be not,I haue no reafon to trouble my felfe to recouer 
them. The Curate and Barber feeing the trauelJefs in talke 
with Done Duixote, drew neere to make an{were for hm, in 
fuch fort chat their inuention might nor be difcouered ; the 
wh Icft she Canon replicdta the Knight, and faid, Truely 
brother Iam better acquainted with bookes of Knighthood 
then with Uillapandas Logicke : and therefore if all the dif- 
ficultie reftonely in that,you may fafely communicate whate 
foeuer you will withme. AGods namebeit , quoth Den- 
Quixore : You hail therefore ynderftand Sir Knight , that ] 
am caried away inchanted in this Cage , through the enuie 
and fraude of wicked Magicians, For vertne 1s much more 
‘} perfecuted of the wicked , then honenred of the good, 1 ama 
Knight errant, butnone of thofe whofe names are not re- 
corded in the bookes of fame , but one of thofe who in de- 
{pite of enuieit felfe,and of all the Magicians of Per/ia , the 
Bracmanes of /ndsa,or the Gymnofophifts of eZ shiopia fhal 
hang his name in the Temple of Eternity that it may ferue as 
amodell and patterne to infuing ages; wherein Kuights er- 

rant may view the fteps which t ey are‘to follow if they 
Eh : Mim meane 


J 
: 54-7 


ba ee a a le Be Mal ee es ee nl ee eee ee 


oo ot 


_ 348 | 


‘The delightfull Hifforieof the Pant. 4 


meanc to afpire to the toppe and honourable height ot 


armes. The Knight Sir Don. Quaxore faith true , quoth the 
Curate, fpeaking to the trauellers, that he is carried away in 
chis Charice inchanted , not through his owne default or 
finnes, but throughthe malignant treacherie of thofe, to 
whom vertue is loathfome and valour odious. This is pood 
Sir,the Knight of the fad countenance (if you haue at any time 
heard {peake of him) whofe valorous a¢ts fhall remaine in- 
fculped in ftubborne [i afle , and time-furuiving Marble, 
though Eauie and Mace doe labour neuer fo much to ob- 
{cure them. | 
When the Canon heard the imprifoned man and the free 
{peake thus in one tenour , hee was about to bleffe himielfe 
for wonder, and could not conicéture what had befallen 


| him, and into no Teffe admiration were they brought that | 


came withhim. But Sancho Panca having in the meane 
time approched to heare their {peech,to plaifler vp the mat- | 
ter, added :now Sirs, whether you will loue me well or ill, ' 
for what] fhall fay , che very truth ofthe mastcris , that my 
Lord Don. Quixote is as much inchaunted as my mether,and 
no more. For his iudycment is yet whole and found ; hee 
eates, and Grinks, and doth his neceffitics as other men doe, 
and as he himfelfe did yelterday, and other daies before they 
incaged him: all which being fa, how can you make me be- 
Iceue that he goeth inchaunted, for have heard many per- 
fonsauouch, chat inchaunted perfons neither eate, nor 
drizke, nor {peake, and yet my Lord, ifhe be not chwarted, 
willralke more then twentie barrefters,and then turning to- 
wards the Curate, he faid: Q Mr. Curate, M'.Curatc , doe 
you thinke that I doe not know you ? and thinke you that I 
doe not fu pofe, yea and prefage whereto thefe new in- 
chauntmentsare addreffed ? well know then, that I knaw 
you well, althoughyou couer your face neuer fo much , and 
that I vnderfland your meaning, how deepely focuer you 
{mother your drifts: but in fine, where emulation and enuy 
raines, vertue cannot liue; where pinching fwaycs, liberali- 


| _ lip. 


en ESCO Oe 


PAR T.4. wittte Knight Don Qarxote. 


tie goes by. A pox take the Diuell,for but for your reuerence 
iny Lord had ere chis tims beene wedded to the Princeffe’ 
(Micomicona , and I my felfe had.beene created an Earle at 
teaft, forno Iefle might be expected either from the bountie 
of my Lord, or the greatnefle of my deferts ; but now I per- 
ceiue thartobee true, which is commonly faid, That the 
wheele of Fortune turnes about more (wiftly,then that of a mil: 
and that they which were yefterday on the top thereof, lye to day 
all alowg on the ground. Lam chiefly grieued for my wife and 
children; for whereas they ought agd might hope to fee 
their father come in at his gates, made a Gouernour, or 
Viceroy of fome Ile, or Kingdome, they thall now fee him 
-eturne vito them no berter then a puore harfe-boy. All 
whichI haue vrged fo much, Mr.Curate,only to intimate to 
your paternitie, how you ought to haue remorfe, and make 
a {cruple of confcience,of treating my deare Lord as you do, 
and looketo it well that Ged doe not one day demaund at 
your hands, in the other life, amends for the prifon wherein 
youcatry him : and that you bee not anfwerable for all the 
fuccours and good deedes, whicl: hee would haue afforded 
the warld in this time of his captiuitie. Snuffe me thofe can- 
dles, quoth the Barber,hearing him fpeake fo: what Sancho, 
art thou alfo ofthy Matters confraternitic ? I fweare by the 
Lord, I beginne to fee that thou art very like to keepe him 
company in the cage, and thac thou fhalt Bee as deepely in- 
chaunced as hee, forthe portion which thow haft of his hu- 
moor, and Chiualrie, Thou waft in an ill houre begotten 
with child by his promifes, and in a Worfe did the IQe,which 
| thou fo preatly longeft for, finke into thy pate : I amnot 
with child by any body, faid Sanche,nor am J a man ofa hu- 
mour tolet any bo getme with child , no though it were 
the King himfelfe: and althongh I be poore, yet am [a Chri- 
fian, and owe nothing to any one; and if I defire Hands, o- 
thers there are that defire worflethings , and enery one is the 
fonne of his owne workes : and vnder the name of aman,] may 


become Pope, how much more the Gouernour of an Hand ; 
- VA wn «a a ae ag. 2) and 


550 | 


‘| rate and himfelfe did, laboured fo much to conceale,and the | 


| acquaint him with the originall caufe of his diflraGtion, aud |, 


| that fubiect, yet could I neuer indure my felfe to finifh and 


; dring * 


} no nore then that,nor the othermore then his fellow. And 


The delightfull Hiflorie of the Pant. 


and chiefly feeing my Lord may gaine fo many: as hee may 
want men to beftow them on, and therefore Mt.Barber you 
fhould take heede how you {peake ; for all confifts notin 
trimming of beards : and there is fome difference betweene 
Peter and Peter.! fay it becaufeall of ys know one another, 
and no man fhall vnperceiued puta falfe Die vpon mee. As 
concerning my Lords inchantment, God knowes the rruth, 
and therefore let it reftas it is, feeing it is the worfe for the 
flirring in. The Barber would not reply vato Sancho, lealt 
chat with his fimplicities, hee fhould difcouer what the Cu- 


Curate doubting the fame, had intreated the Canon to prick 
on a little forward, and he would ynfold to him the myfterie 
of the encaged Knight, with other matters of delight. The 
Canon did fo, and taking bis men along with them, was ve- | 
ry attentiue to all thache rehearfed, of the condition, life, 
madneffe,.and fafhions of Den? Qaixote. There did he briefly 


all the progreffe of his aduentures , vntill his fhuccing vp in | 
that cage: and their owne defigne in carrying home to his 
Countrey , to trie whether they might by any meanes finde 
out aremedy for his frenfie, The Canon and his men againe 
admired to heare fo ftrange a Hiftorie as that of Don- 
Quixote, and as foone as the Curate had ended his relation, 
the Canon faid. bo 

Verily Matter Curate I doe finde by experience that thofe 
bookes which are infticuted of chiualrie, or knighthood, are 
very preiudiciall to welgouerned commenwealths : and al- 
though ( borne away by an idle and curious defire) I haue 
read the beginning of almoft as many asare imprinted , of 


teade any one of them through : for me thinks that fome- 
what more or leffe,they all import one thing, and this hath 


in mine opinion this kind of writing and invention fals with- 
in the compaffs of the fables.called 4 slefie, which are wane 


Parrq. wittte Knight Don-Qusxote. 


dring and idle tales, whofe onely {cope is delight,and not in- 
Arn&ion; quite contrary to.che proie€ of thofe called Fa- 
bala Apologe, which delight and infrué together, And 
| though that the.principallende of fuch bookes be recre- 
ation, yet cannot I perceiue howthey can yeelde it , feeing | 
they be forced with fo many , and {fo proportionleffe vn- 
truthes, For the delight that the mind coaceiues,muft pro- 
ceed from the beautie, and conformitie which it fees or con- |. 
templates jnfuch things as. the fight, orimapinhktion répre-|' 
fents nto it; and all thiags thasare deforiedjor difcordant 
mult produce the contrary effect. Nowthen what beautie’ 
can there be, or what proportion betweene the parts , and | 
the whole, or the whole and the parts, ia abooke or fable, 
wherein a youshof fixteene yeares of age ‘gines’a blow es: 
a Giant as great as.a ewes, arid with thac blow-debidés hints || | 
in two as eafily as if he were a pellet of Sugar. ‘And when |’ 
they defcribe abattell, after that they haue toldevs how 
there were at leafta million of men on the aduesfe fide, yet if 
the Knight of che baake be-againf them, wee muft of force, | . 
and whether we willer sa, vnderftand that the {aid Knight: | 
obtained the vittory rouge the inuincible ftrength of his: 
arme? what then fhall weday of the facilitie. wherewichall 
the Inheretrix of a Kingdome, or Empyre falles betwcene 
the armes ef one of thofe errant and ynknowne knights? |- 
what vnder{tanding, if it be not aleogether barren or barba- 
rous, can delight it felfe, reading how a great tower full of 
knights doth paffe through the Seaas faft as a fhip with the 
moft profperous wind? And that going tebed aman is in 
Lombardie, and the next morning findes himfelfe in Prefer 
obns countrey, among the Jndsans ).or in forme other Re-'| 
vion which neuer was difcoueted by Ptolonsens, nor feene | ' 
by (Marcus Polne? and if 1 fhould be anfwered, that the in- 
uentors of {uch bookes do write them as fables: and there- 
fore are not bound ynto any refpect of circumftances,or ob- 
feruation of trush, I would reply, that an vatruth is fo much 


the more pleafing, by how much the neerer it refembles.ac|/ 
| ; Mm2.. . truth; 


_ 552 | ve The delightful Hiftorsc of the PaRt-4 


‘truth sand fo. much the more gratefull, by how much the 
more it is doubrfull and poffible : forlying fables muft bee 
fuiced vnto the readers vnderftanding aad fo written, as that 
facilitating impo@ible things, leueljing vntrue things, and 
holding the.mind in fufpence ,.’they may. rauifh a more de- 
light and entertaine fuch manners, as pleafure and wonder 
may flep by Rep walke together, all which things hee that 
writgs not likelihoods, thalt neuer be able to performe. And 
\astoughing Imitation(. wherein conffles-the perfection of 
‘thac which inyritten) Bhave.not feene id any bookes of 
‘Knighthoode, an entire bulke of a fable, fo proportioned in 
all the members thereof, as chat the middle may anfwere the 
‘beginning, & the end the beginning and middle, But rather 
they have: cantpofed them of :fo many members, as it 
'more probably Sremes, that the authors inténded to frame 
| Chimeracpor monfters, chen co deliver proportionate figures, 
moft harfh in their file, incredible in. exploits, impudent in 
loue matters, abfurd ia-complements,prolixe in battels,fond 
in difcourfes, yncertaine and fenfeleflein voyages; and fi- 
‘nally,deuoide.ef all difcretion,accandingetious difpofition, 


lous things)tohe banifed out of all Chriftian common- 
wealthes, 2° 000° ote : "4 
_Maftes Curate did lien rozhe Canon-with very préat at- 
tention’; and be Gemied vio him-to: be J man of good ‘vn- 
clerfanding, and chat he had gteatreafon for whathee kad 


fuch bookes,he¢ had likewife fired all Dow-_Daoxotes library, 
confifting of many bookesef thae fubie@: And then he re- 


them; and which he had condemned, and which referued ; 
whereatthe Canon. laughed heartily, and faid, chat nor- 
withitanding all the euill he had {poken of fuch bookes, yet 


did he find one good in them, to wit, the fubieét they offe- | 


"red a good wit to worke vpon, and fhewit ‘felfe in thtm: 


far 


And therefore they. deferue ( a6 toft idle and friuo- | 


alledged : and. therfore faid, that inrefpect they did concurre |. 
in opinions, and that he had an old grudge to the vanity of 


coynted to him the fearch and inquifition hee had made of |. 


Panriq. — wittie Knight Don-Quixote, 553 


for they difplayed a large and open plaing , through which 
the Ren might runne without let or incumbrances; deféri- 
bing of fhipwracks,tempefts, incounters,and battels: delis 
neating a valorous Captaine, with all the properties requi- 
redin him ; as wifedomeco fruftraté the defignes of his e- 
nemie ; eloquence to perfwade or diffwade his fouldiers; 
ripeneffe in aduice 5 promptneffe in execution ; a$ much va- 
lour in attending as in aflaulting of an enemie. Deciphering 
now a lamentable and tragicall fuccefle , then a ioyfulli and 
vnexpected event; there a moft beautifull, honeft , and dif- 
creete Ladie, hecrea valiatit, courteous ,& Chriftian knight, 
there an vameafurable barbarous brageard; heerea gentle, 
| valorous, and: wife Prince : — the goodnefle and 
loyalty of fubie&s, the magnificence end bountie of Lords: 
Sometimes he may fhew bimfelfe an AfVelogian,fometimes 
4 Cofmographer, fometimes'a Mufitian fomerimes a Stati, 
and fometimes if he pleafe, he tiay hate oceafion ‘to fhew } 
himfelfe a Nigromancer.: There may‘ he demonftrate the || 
fubtiltie of Viifes, the pictieof eEmeas, the valour of ef > |! 
chiles, the mistortunes of Ffefor , the See dat Sinen, |' 
athe refo- 


7? @. 9 4% 


| The delightful Hiftorie of the Parr.¢ 


felues. For the Epickes may be as well written in profeas 
in verfe. | 


554 


i Cuan XXL 
wherein the Canon profecutes his difcourfe vpon Lookes 
of Chinalrie, andmany other thinges worthy of bis 
wet. _ % Ube 4 


y- Ou fay very true , quoth the Curate; and 
for this very reafon are they , which haue 
, hitherto invented fuch bookes, the more 
sa Lat | worthy of reprehenfion, becaufe they nei- 
{a wy = ther heeded the good difcourfe, the arte, 
Nema 2ay northe rules , by which they might hawe 
guided themielues, and by that meanes haue growen as fa- 
mous for their profe.as be the two Princes of the Greeke and 
Latin Poetrie for theit verfe. ] baue for my part, quoth the 
Canon, 2¢ Jeaft atcemptedto, write a beoke of Chiualrie,ob- 
feruing therein all the points by-me meationed; and ia truth 
I haue written aboue a hundred fheetes thereof: and to the 
endthat I might trie. whether they were correfpondent to 
my eftimatign, I did communicate them, both with certaine 
Skilfull and wife men, that are maruailoufly affected to that 
fubie&t,and with fome ignorant perfons that only delight to F 
heare fanatical] inuentions ; and I bzue found in them alla 
yratefull apprebation of my labours : yet would I not for all 
-| that, profecute che worke, as well becaufe it feemed rnfit 
for my profeffion , as alfo becaufe I flade the number of the 
‘ignorant to,exceede that of the judicious:: and though more 
good come to a man by the praife of a few wifemen, thea 
urt by the fcoffes of a number of fooles , yet would I not 
ey {ubie& my felfe to the confufed iudgementf the 
fenfeleffe vulgar,who commonly giue themfelues moft vnto at 
the reading of fuch bookes, Buechat which moft of all rid.?~ G. 


Sees —™s rs _ 6 easy epeeae ben 


= 
2 


c 


A. 


PaRt.g4. — wittie Knight Don-Quixote, 


my hands, yea and my memorie of all defire to end it, was 
this argument, drawne from our moderne Comedies, and 
thus made to my felfe :If thofe, (as well the fidiions , as hi- 
Rorical ones) are all or the moft part of chem notorious fop- 


by the vulgar heard with fuch delight, and held and appro- 
| ued for good: and both the Authors that compofe them, 
and actors that reprefent them, fay,that they mutt be fuch as 
they be for to pleafe the peoples humers,and not more con~ 
formable to reafon of truth, and that becaufe thofe where- 
in Decorumsis obferued, and the fable followed according 
| tothe rules of Art , ferue onely for three or foure difcreete 
| men ([f fo many may be found at a Play) which doe attend 
vito them, and all the reft of the Auditours remaine fafting, 
by reafon they cannot conceiue the artificiall contexture 


ney and meanes by many, then bare opinion or applaufe by 
a a The very fame would be the end of my Booke after 
Ihad vied all pofsible induftrie, to obferue the aforefaid 
precept; and I fHould remaine onely for a neede,and as the 
Taylour that dwels in a corner, without trade or eftimation, 

- And although I haue fundry times indeuoured to per- 
fwade the Players that their opinion was erronious herein, 


| ter fame by acting artificiall Comedies then thofe irrepu- 
1 lar, and methodicall Playes then vfed : yet are they fo wed- 
ded to their opinion,as no reafon can wooe,nor demonfira- 
tion winne them from it. I rememberhow dealing vpona 
day with one of thofe obftinate fellowes , I {aid a a : 
doenot youremember how a few yeeres agoe were repre- 
| fented in Spaine three’ Tragedies, written by a famous Poet 

of our Kingdome, which were {uch asdelighted , yea and 


the exact as the fleight ones; and that the te Si gotmore 
by thofe three alone, then by thirtie-of the beftthat were 
penned,or Acted fince that time? You meane without que- 


peries, and things without either head or foote, and yet are | 


thereof; therefore is it better for them to gaine good mo. } 


and that chey would attract more people and acquire grea. | 


amazed all the auditours as well the learned as the fimple, | 


555 


) Rion 


EO 


eRe 


The delightfull Hiflorie of the Parr.4 


as le ee eee em ne re nee 
ftion , quoth the Actor anfwering mee, Ifabela, Filis, and 
eA lexandra. The veryfame quoth I; and note whether in 
them were not rightly obferued all the rules and precepts of 
Art, and yet thereby they neither wanted any part of their 
dignitie,ner the approbation of all the world, So that I in- 
ferre the fault not to be in the vulgar that couets idle toyes, 
but rather in thofe which know not how to penne or A& a- 
ny other thing, for no fuch fond fluffe was in the Comedie 
of Ingratituderenenged: nor found in Nassantia, nor per- 
ceiued inthatofthe Amorous Merchant, and muchleffe in 
the Fanonrable enemy ,nor in fome others made by iudicious 
Poets, which both redounded to their infinite fame and re- 
nowne, and yeelded vato thefe Actors aboundane gaine. 
To thefe I added other reafons , wherewith I left him, in 
mine opinion, fomewhat perplexed, but not fatisfied, or de- 
firous to forgoe his erronious opinion. : 
Truely M. Canow, quoth the Carate, you haue touched a 
matter that hath rowfed an ancient rancour and heart-bur- 
ning of mine againft the Comedies now in requeft ; che 
which is as ee to the grudge that I beare to Bookes of 
Knighthood. For feeing the Comedie as Tully affirmes 
ought to be a mirrour of manslife , a patterne of manners, 
and an Image oftruth: Thofe that are now exhibited, are 
mirrours of vanitie , patecrnes of folly, and Images of vo- 
luptuoufnefie, For what greater abfurditie can be in fuch a 
fabied, then-to feea child come out, in the firfl Scene of 
the firft Act, in his fwadling cloutes, and iffue in the fecond 
already growne a man, yeaa bearded man? And what grea- 
ter vanitie therrto prefent before vs, a valiant old man , and 
| ayoung coward? A Lay manbecome a Diuine, a Pagea 
Counfellour, a King a fcoundrell, and a Princefle a fcowre- 
kettle? What fhould I fay, of the little care had of the due | 
-obferuation of time, for the fucceeding of that they repre- 
fent, other then that I my felfe haue feene Comedies, whofe 
firft A&t began in Ewrope, the fecend in Affe , and the third 
ended in ef friea,and truely if there had beenea fourth, it] 
+ © la 


nent ere __. WOUld | 


Pa RT Go wittie Knight Don-Quixote.. . | 557 


weuld queftionleffe haue finifhed in America, and by con- 
fequence we fhould haue feene a round walke about the 
foure parts of the world. And fayning an exployt perfor- 
med in the time of King Pepix , or of Charlemaine, they 
make the principall Actors thereof, either Heraclins the 
| Emperour that entred into Hierufalem bearing of the holy 
Croffe; or Godfree of Bulloin that recouered the Holy-!and; 
Many yeeres, yea and ages hauing occurred betweene the 
‘times of the one and the other: yea andthe Comedie being | | 
crounded on a fidtion, to attribute vnto it the verities of a 

iRorie, and mingle it and patch it vp , with peeces of o= 
thers, hauing relation to different perfons, and times ; and 
this with no plaufible inuention, or draught refembling 
‘the truth, but rather with palpable, groffe ,and inexcufable | 

-errours.And which 1s ark one guls are found to affirme, 
that all perfection confifts herein , and that they are too | 
daintie that looke for any other. | 
Now if wee-would paffe further co examine the diuine | 
Comedies that treate of God, er the liues of Saints, what a | 
‘multitude of falfe miracles doe the compofers deuife ? what 
‘a bulke of matters Apocriphall,and ill-vnderftood ? attribu- 
ting to one Saint the miracles done by another : yea andin |} 
-hamane Comedies they prefume to doe miracles ( without | 
farther tefpect, or confideration y but that {uch a miracle or 
‘thew , as they teraeit, would doe well in fucha place) to 
the end that che ignorant folke may admire them, and come 
the more willingly to them : all which doth preiudice truth, | 

difcredit hiftories, and turne to the difgrace of our Spanifh 
wits : for ftrangers which doe with much pundtualitie ob- | 
ferug the method of Comedies,hold vs to be rude and igno- 
rant, whenthey fee fuch follies , and abfurdities efcape ys: | 

and it will be no fufficient excufe for this errour, to fay, that 
the principall end of well gouerned Commonwealths,in the 
permitting of Comedies, is only to entertaine the Comunal- 
tie with fome honeft paftime , and thereby diuert the exor- | 
bitant and vicious humours which idlencfle is wont-to in- 
| eo gender: 


———eeeey — 


——=<xxzvu_——— ti‘ 


aE a = a * 


The delightfull Hiftoricofthe = Parr. 4. 


eender : and feeing that this end is attained to by whatfoe- 
uer Comedies good orbad,it were to ne purpofe to appoint 
any lawes, or limits ynto them; orte tie the compofers to 
frame,or actors to play chem,as they fhould doe : For here- 
vnto I anfwere, that this end would without all compatifon 
be compaffed, better by good Comedies then by euill ones : 
forthe auditour, hauing heard an artificiall and well orde- 
red Comedie, would come away delighted with the jefts, & 
inftruéted by the truths thereof : wondering at the fucceffes, 
grow difcreeter by the reafons, warned by the deceits , be- 
come wile by others example, incenfed againft vice,and en- 
amoured of vertue; al which affeCts 2 good Comedie flaould 
flirre vp in the hearers minde , were Fee neuer fo profile or | 
‘clownifh: And it is of all impoffibilities the moftimpofhble, 
that a Comedie confifting of all thefe parts, fheuld not en- 
tertaine, delight, fatisfie, and content the mind much more, 
then another that fhould bee defeCtiue ia any of them, as 
moft of our now-a day Comediesbee. Nor are the Poets 
that pen them chiefly to be blamed for this abufe: forfome 
of them know very well where the errour lurkes, and know. 
alfo as well how to redreffe it. But becaufe that Comedies 
are become a vendible merchandize,they affirme,and there- 
in tell the plaine truth, that the players weuld not buy them, 
ifthey were of-any other, then the accuftomedkinde, and 
therefore the Poet indeanoursto accommodate himfelfe to 
the humour of the Player, who is to pay him for his labour, 
and that this is the truth may bee gathered by an infinite 
number of Comcdies, which a moft happy wit of this King- 
dome hath compofed, with fuch delicacy, fo many good jetts 
fo elegant averfe, fo excellent reafons , fo praue fentences, 
and finally with fo much eloquence, and fuch a loftinefe of }: 
flile, as-hee hath filled the world with his fame : and yet by 
reafon that hee was forced to accommodate himfelfe to the 
Aétors, all of chem haue notarriued to che height of perfe- 
Ction which Arte requires.Orhers there are that write with- 
out any iudgement,and with fo little heede of what they do, | 
a : as 


A RY. 4. wittte Knight Don- Quixote. 


as after their workes haue once beene acted, the Players.are 


. Jeonftrained to run away and hide themfelues, fearing to bee 


punifhed, as often they haue beene, for acting things ob- 
noxious to the Prince, er {candalous to fome families, 

Ail which inconueniences might be redrefled, if there 
‘were fome vnderftanding and difect perfon ordained at 


and that not only {uch as wese played at the Court ic felfe, 
but alfo all others that were to be acted throughout Spaine, 
without whofe allowance, ynder his hand and feale,the Ma- 
giftrate of no Towne fhould permit any Comedie to bee | 
played : By which meanes the players would diligently fend 
‘their plaies tothe Court, and might boldly afterwards a& 
them, and the compofers would with more care and fludie 
‘examine their labourss knowing that they fhould paffe the 
Ariét cenfure of him that could vnderfland them:and by this 
meanes would. good Comedies be written, and che thing in= 
tended by them moft eafily attained to, viz. the enctertaine- 
ment of the people, the good opinion of Spani/b wits ,. the 
profit and {ecuritie of the players, and the fawing of the care. 
that is now imployed in chaftifing their rafhnefle. And if 
the fame charge were giuen to this man, or to fome other,to 
examine the bookes of Knighthood, whichdhouldbe made 
hereafter, fome of chem doubrlefle would be put forth ador- 
ned with that perfection whereof-you {poke but now: in- { 
riching our language withthe pleafing and pretious treafure | 
of eloquence; and being an occafion that the old bookes | 
would become ob{cure in the bright prefence of thofe new | 
ones publifhed , for the honefi recreation , not only of the 
idler fort, but alfo of thofe that haue more ferious occupati- 
ous, For it is not poffible for the bow to.continue fill bent: 
nor can our humane and fraile nature fuftaine it felfe tong, 
without fome helpe of lawtull recreation. 

The Canon and Curare had arriued to this point of their 
difcourfe, when the Barber {purring on, & ouertaking them, 
said co the Curate, this is the place I latelytold you was fic 
to 


the Court,to examine all Comedies before they were acted, | 


ta ee 
5 6 ° | The delightfull Hiflerie of the - Par 3-4 


to pafle ouer the heate of the day ia , while the Oxen baited 
amidfithe frefh and abundant paftures : it likes me very wel, 
quoth the Curate:and telling che Canon what he meant to 
doe, he alfo was pleated to remaine with them,as well inui- 
ted by the profpect of a beautifull vally, which offered it felfe 
to their view, as alfoto inioy the Curates conuerfation, to- 
wards whom he beganne to tare maruailous affection: and 
laftly wich the defire hee had to bee throughly acquainted 
with Don- Onixotesaduentures, therefore he gaue order Co 
fome of his men, that they fhould ride tothe Inne, which 
| was hard by, and bring from thence what meate they could 
finde fufficient to fatisfie chem all becaufe he likewife meant 
to pafle che hot time of the day in that place:to which one of 
‘his men did anfwere , that their fumpturc Mule was by thar }- 
time, as he.chought, in the Inne, fo copioully furnifhed with 
prouifion of meate , that as hee fuppofed , they needed not 
buy any thing there but barly for their Mules : if it bee fo, 
quoth the Canon, let our Mules be carryed thither, and the 
{umpeureonereturned hither, : 
| Whileft this paffed, Sancho being free from the continu- 
| all prefence of the Curate and Barber, whom he held as fu- 
{peed perfons, thoughe it a fit time to fpeake with his 
| Lord,and therefore drew neare to the cage wherein he fate, 
| and faid to him inthis manner, ‘Sir , that J may difcharyc 
| my:confcience > I will revieale vnto you all chat hath paft in 
this affaire‘of your inchatntment: which briefly is,thar thoic 
two which ride with-their faces couercd , are the Curate ot 
our Village andthe Barber, and as 1 imagine they both are 
the plotters of this your kinde of carrying away , for meere 
emulation that they fee you farpaffe them both in atchie- 
uing of famous acts. This truth being prefuppofed , it fol- 
lowes,that you are not inchaunted, but bee gulled and made 
afoole. For the proofe whereof] will but demaund of you 
one queftion, and if you doe anfwere me according to mine 
exp< Ctation,as I beleeue you will,you fhallfcele the deceipt 
with your owne handes , and percciue how ycuarenotin- 
: =e chaunted, — 


rie he oe 


\ 


PAR T.4. wittie Knight Don-Qurxote. . ‘56! 


chaunted, but rather haue your wits turned vpfide-downe. 
Sonn Sancho demaund what thou wilt,quoth Den- Duixote, 
and I. will fatisfiethee, and anfwere dire tly to thy defire : 
But as touching thy auerment, that thofe which goc along 
with vs be the Curate, and Barber, our Goffips, and old ac- 
quaintance ; it may well befall that they feeme to bee fuch; | 
bucthat they are fo really, and in effect, I would not haue 
thee beleewe in any manner, For that which thou art to be- 
leeue, and fhouldeft vnderftand in this matter is, that if they 
be like thofe our friends as thou fayeft, it muff needs be that 
thofe which haue inchaunted:mee, haue aflumed their fem- 
blance, and likeneffe (foritis an eafte thing for Magicians to 
put cn any (hape they pleafe) thereby to give thee occafion 
} to thinke that which thou doeft, to driue thee inte fucha 
labyrinth of imaginations, as thou fhalt not afterwards 
know how to fallie out , .alshough thou hadft the affitlance 
of Thefeus clew : and wathall to make me wauerin mine vn- | 
derftanding , to the end] may not conicéture from whence | 
this charme is deriued yvnto me: for if chou on the one fide 
doctt affirme, that the Barber,and Curate of our Village doe 
accompany-me; and Lon the other fide finde my felfe inca- 
ged, and am fo aflured. of mine: owne force, thatno humane |. 
firength bee it not {upernatirall, is able thus to incage mee, 
what weuldeft thou haue mee fay, or thinke , but that the | 
manner of mine inchantment exceeds as many as ever I read 
throughout all the Hiflories , intreating of Knights errant 
which haue beene inchaunted. Wherefore thou maicft very | 
well appeafe , and quiet thy felfe in that point of beleeuing, | | 
then to be chofe thou faift ; for they are thofe as much , as I 
ama Turke ; and as touching thy defire to demaund fome- 
what of me, fpeake, for I will anfwere the¢, although thou 
-putteft me queftions vntillro morrow morning. 
Our Ladie affi me quoth Sancho (as loude as he could ) 
and is it-poffible that you are fo brainficke, and hard headed 
as you cannot perceiue that I affime the very pure truth, and 
chat malice hath a greater ftroake in this yourdifgracé and | | 
ae) 


The delightfull Hiftorie of the Panrr.4 


imployment, then any inchantments. Bur feeing itis fo, I 
will proue ewidently that you are not inchanted : if pot, tell 
me, as God fhall deliuer you out of this cempefl, and as you 
fhall fee your felfe, when you leaftthinke of it ininy Ladie 
Daleineas armes : make an end of coniuring mee, faid Don- 
Duixote,and aske me what quettion thou wilt ys I haue al- 
readie cold thee chat I will anfwere with all punCtuality: that 
is it ] demaund-quoth Sancbe ; and the thing I would know 
is, that you tell me without adding or diminifhing ought, 
bur with all truth vfed or looked for of all thofe which pro- 
fefle the exercife of armes as you doc, vader the title of 
Knights errants? I fay anfwered Don-Qnixete, that I will 
net lie a iot : make therefore a beginning , or an ende j. 
of his demaunds, for ia good footh thou doft weary me with | 
fo many falutations, petitions and preuentions ? Sancho re+ 
plied, I fay that I am fecure of the bountie and truth of my.|. 
Lord: and therefore, becaufe it makes to the gal aa in out 
affaire, ] doe with all refpect,demaund, whether your wor. 
fhip fince your incagement, and as you imagine inchant}: 
ment in that coope, haue not hada defire to make greater 
or leffe water, as men are wont to fay, Ido not vnderftand 
good Saxche, that phrafe of making water : and therefore 
- explicate thy felfe if thou wouldeft haue me to ainfwere thee 
dire@ly : and is it poffible replied he, that your worfhip vo- 
derflands not what it is to make great or little waters ? then 
goe to fome {choole, and leatne it of the boyes, and know 
that I would fay, haue you had a defire to doe that which 
cannot be vndone ? O now,now, I vnderftand thee Sancho; 
yes verie many times,yea and even now I haue, wherefore, 
I praysthee, deliver] mee from the extremitie thereof, for I 
promife thee I ans not altegether fo cleane as I would be, 


CHAP. 


Part.4. - wittie Knight Don. Quixote. 


Cuan XXII. 


Wherein the difereete difeonr{e that palfedbetweene San- 
cho -Panca «nd his Lord Don-Quijxote , is ex- 
preffid. 


wy A, quoth Sancho, haue I caught you at Jaft > 
this is that which ] defired to know,as much 
f as my foule or life, Come now Sir, and tell 
 B) rea £2) me, can you denie that which is wonttobe 
Nase {aid,when abodie is ill difpofed,I know not 
, what ayles fuch a one; for hee neither eates nor drinkes,nor 
f Aécpes, nor anfweres direGtly to that whith is demaunded 
him, fo as jt feemes that he is inchanted ? by which maybe |. 
~ { colleRed, that fuch as neither cate,drinke,fleepe, nor do the 
other nacurall things you wote of are inchanted : but not | 
” | thofe which haue a defire as you haue, and eate meate,when 
they get it, and drinke drinke when’ itis giuen them, and 
anfwere to all chat is propounded vntothem? Thou fayeft 
| true Sancho quoth Don- Onixore: but I haue told thee alrea- 
|: die,chat there are diuers forts of inchantments, and perhaps 
they change with the times from one kinde into another; 
| and chat new the inchanted vfe to doeall that which I doe, 
alchough they did not fo is times paft; and therefore there 
is no difputing or drawing of concluftons againft the cu- 

Romes of the time, I know, and doe verily perfwade m 

felfe,that laminclranted, and thatis fufficient for the dif- 

charge of my confcience, which would be greatlyburdened | 
if I thoughe that I were notinchanted , and yet permitted 
my felfeco be borne away inthis Cage idlely, and like a 
coward withholding the fuccour I might glue tomany di- 
(treffed and needie perfons, which euen at this houre be like 
chough to haue extreane want of mine aide, and affiftance. 
Yct fay I notwithttanding replied Sancho, thatfor more a- 


bundant fatisfaction your worfhip might do welto scenes | _ 
. ° . Noa -tWJOQD the 


eee ee SO en 


cen a cD 
$6 4.| | The delight full Hiftorie of the PAR T.4 


the getting out of this prifon, the which Ido oblige my felt¢ 
with all my power to facilitate, yeaandto get you our, and 
then hs may recount eftfoons on the good Rozinantq who 


this being done, wetuay againte aflay ‘the fornme of fee- 
king aduentures, which if it haue no gocd fuccefle,we haue 
time cnough toreturneto our Cage; wherein I promife, by 
the faith of a good aud loyall Squire, to, fhut yp my-folfe to- 
gether with you, if yau fhall proue fo vaforeunate,orI fo foo- 
lith, as not to bring our defgnes toa gacd iflue, I am con- 


f{eeme to haue of my difprace.. | 


time in thefe difcourfes, votill they arriued vnto the place 
where the Canon, Curate, and Barber expected them; and 


| the wainenran ynyoaked bis Oxen, permitting them to take 
the benefit of paflure inthat greene and pleafant valley, 
whofe verder inuited not fuch to inioyne it as were in-. 
chanted like Dos- Quixote, but rather {uch heedfull and dif- 
creete perfons as was his man, who intreated the Cwrate to 
| licence bis Lord ta.comne out, but a lucle while, for other- 

wife the prifon would nat be fa cleanly as che prefence 
of fo worthie a Knight as his Lord was required. The Cu- 
rate vnderftood his meaning, and anfwered that he would 
fatishe his requeft very willingly , bur that hee feared that 
when he jaw bimfelfe at liberty ,. he would play then fome 


eye on him after: I will be his furety chac he fhall not flie a- 
way quoth Sanche:and J alfo,quoth the Canon, if he wil bur 
promif: mee, as he is a knight, that he will not depart from 
| vs withoucourconfent, Egiuemy word that I will not, faid 
Don. Quixote ( who heard all that they had {aid ) and the ra- 

: } ther 


- 


alfo feemes inchanted, {0 fad and melanthely he goes: Ard: 


tent to doe what thou faye fl, brother Sancho , replied Deon- | 
OQuixete, and when thou feet oportunity offered to free ine, | 
I will be rated by thee in euery ching, but yet shou fhalt fee, | 
how far thou are oucrwroughe in the knowledge thou wile [ 


The Koight errant,and the ill errant Squire beguiled the | 


then Sancho allighting, & helping to take downe the Cage, |, 


pranke or other, and goe whither no. bodice fhould ener fer | 


a ee 


ewe ya 
- ¢ 
agen 


.| dawne along vpan the graffe, expecting their dinner , hee 
‘| faid vnto him: Gentlemen , is it pofsible that the idle and 


PART.4. — withe Knight Don-Quixote. 
ther becaufe that inchanted bodies haue not { 
pce of themfelues as they lifl; for he that hg a le 
may make them vnable to ftirre from one placcin three daies: 
and'if they make: an efcape, he can compell them to ae 
flying : and therefore finee it was fo , they might fecurely fer | 
him ac liberty, efsecially fecine that it would ecard { 
| much to all their benefits: for if they did not free him, or - 
furcher off,he protefted that he could not forbeare to offend 
_ | their nofes, The Canon tooke his hand (although .it were 
{bound ) and by his faich,and word, that he would not de- 
part, and chen they gaue him liberty ; whereat he infinite- 
ly reioyced, efpecially feeing himfelfe out of the Cage. The 
' | fir ching that he did after was to fretch all his bodie’, and 
. | chen he went edwards Roxinante, and ftriking him twice or 
thrice on the buttocks,hefaid: T hope yet in God, and his 
bleffed mother : O flower and mirrour of horfes , that wee 
two fhall fee out felues very foone in that ftate which our: 
hearts defire; thou withthy Lord.on thy backe,and I moun- 
ted.on thea , and, exercifing the function for which God 
fent meeinta this word. And faying fo, Don-Duixote 
with his Squire Sancho, retired himfelfe fomewhat from 
the companie,and came backe foone after a little more ligh- 
tned, butgreatly defiring to execute his Squires defignes, 
‘The Canon beheld him very-earnefily, and with admira-. 
tion wondering to fee the frangeneffe of his fond hu- 
‘| mour, and how that he fhewed’, in whatfoeuer he vetercd, 
‘averv good vnderftanding, and onely left the Rtirrops (as is 
faid before) when any mention was made of Chiualrie; and | — 
therefore moued to compassion, after they were all laide | 


vnfanourie leQure of Bookes of Knighthood, hath fo much 
diftradted your wit, as thus tabelecue , that you are caried 
away inchanted, with ogher things of that kind , as much 
wide from truth, as yntruths can be from veritie ic felfe? Cr 
how is je pofiible chat any humaine vaderftanding can frainc 


es 
566 | The delightfull Hiftorieof the . Pant. 


it felfe to belceue, that inthis world there have beeng fuch 
an infinitic of eA madsfes,fuch a crew of famous Knights, fo 
many Emperours of Frah:foxds , fuch a number of Felix- 
martes of Hyrcanias {o many Palfrayes, Damaels errant, 
Serpents, Robbers, Giants , Battailes., vnheard of aducn- 
‘tures, fundrie kinds of inchantments, fuch vnmeafurable in 
Counters, fuch brauerie of apparell, fuch a multitude of en- 
amoured and valiant Princefles , fo many Squires-Earles, 
- 4 | wittie Dwarfes, Viragoes, Loue letters, amorous dallian- 
_cesgand firially fo many , fo vnteafonable , and impofsible 
aduentures,as are contained in the Bookes of Knighthood. 
_ This much I dare-auouch of my felfe,that when: Lread them 
as long as Idoe not thinke that. they are all but toyes.and 
vntcuthes, they delight me: but when J ponder ferioufly, 
whacthey are, I throw the very beft of themagainft the 
wals, yea.and would throw. them into the fire ifthey were 
neere me, or in my hands, Hauing well deferued that feue- 
ritie, as falfe Impoflures , and feducers of common fence; 
_as broachers of new Sects , and. of vncouth courfes of life; 
as thofe that giue occafion ta the ignorahe vulgar to 
-beleeue in, fuch exorbitant. vntruthes as are contained in 
them. Yea, and ate withall fo prefimptuous, as to dire to 
confound the wits of the moft difcrerte, and beft difcended 
Gentlemen; as we may cléarely perceitie by that they haute } 
.done to yourfelfe,whom they haue brought to fuch terines: 
as itis neceffarie to fhut you vp in a Cage, and carie you on 
a Teame of Oxen, cuen as one caries a Lion or Tygre from 
place to place, to gaine a liuing by the fhewing ofhim. 
Therefore, good Don- etainete , take compafsion of your. 
felfe, and returne intothe bofome of diferetida; andlearne 
toimplay the moft happie talent of vaderitanding , anda- 
bundance of wit, wherewith bountifull heauen hath inrich- 
ed it, yet fome other-courfe of Audie, which'may redounde 
to the profit of your foule, and aduancement of your credit 
and eftate. And if, borne away by your naturall difpofici- 
on; you will yet perfilt in the reading of warlike, & Knight- 


Y 


— ([Panr.g. | ~wittie Knight Dan-Quixote. 


ly difcourfes; Reade in the holy Scripture the Adts of Iud- 
ges, for there you fhall find furpafsing feates and deedes, as 
true, as valorous. Portugallhad a Viriate. RomeaCefar. 
Carthage an Hannibal,Greece an Alexander ,Caftile an Earl, 
Fernan GoncalezV alencia 2 Cid, Andaluxiea Goncalo Fer. 
nandex., Eftremaduzaa Diego Garcia de Paredes , Xereza- 
GarsiPerex deVarzas, Toledo a GarciLafe, Suila Don 
Manuel de Leon , The difcourfes of whofe va lorous Ades,” 
may entertaine, teach, delight, and make wonder, the moft 


‘| fublime wit chat fhallreade them. Yea,, this were indeed a 


Audie fit for your fharpe vnderftanding , my deere Sir Don- | 
Quixote, for by this you fhould. become learned in Hifto- | 
ries, enamoured of vertue, inftracted in goodneffe, bettered | 
in maners, valiant without,rafhneffe , bold without cowar- [ 
dice:and all this to Gods, honour , your owne profit, and | 
renowme of the ALancha, fromm whence, as I haue learned, | 
you deduce your beginning andprogenie, ; 
Deon- Quixote liftned with all attention vnto the Cations 
admonition, and perceiving that he wascome to.an end of 
them, after he had looked .vpon him a:good while, he fid, }- 
mie thinkes Gentheman, that the fcope of your difcourfe hath } 
beene addreftto perfwade me, that there neuer were any | 
Knights Errant in the world; and that all the bookes of Chi- | 
ualrie are falfe, lying /aurtfull, and vnprofitable to the Com- 
mon-wealth; and that I haue done ill to reade them, worfe | 
tobeleeue inthem, and worft of all ta follow them, by 
hauing thus caken on mee the moft auftete profefsion of 
wandring Knighthood, whereof they intreate : denying 
moreouer that there were euer any Amadifes,cither of Gant | 
or Greece; or any ofall the other Knights , wherewith uch 
Bookes are ftuffed; All is iuft.as you haue faid, quoth the |. 
Cauon: whereto Don- Quixote replied thus, Y ou alfo added, 
that fuch Bookes had done me much hurt, feeing they had 
turned my iudgement,and immured me vp in this Cage;and 
chat it were betterforme, to make fome ashendment, and 
alter my ftudie, reading other that are more authenticall, 
“NW 3 and < 


565 | Tire dig hfe! Bftor ie of the Parts 


and'delight and nftru& mach better, Ic is very true anfwe- 
red the Canon. Why then, quoth Don- Quixote, | finde by 
mine accounts,that the inchanted,and.fenfleffe man is your 
felfe; (ceme you haue bent your felfe to {peak fo many blal- 
_phemieoagainits thing fo truc, fo currane, and offuch ree 
" Queflin te world, as hee that fhould denic.it, as youdoe, 
| prerices che fame punifiment, whichies pe Pik gine to 
shofe Boakes, when the reading thereof offends-yon : For 
to gor sbourto make men belecuc, that eFmades neuer li- 
' ged, nor arty other of thofe Knights, Wherewith Hiftories 
“are fallyreplenifived , would bee notie-other then to per- 
{wadethem, that. che Sumne lightens not,the Earth fuftaines 
not, nor the Ice mukesany thing cold: See what witte is 
there in the world fo profound, ‘thatcan induce another to 
beleaue, thacthe Miftorie of Gupof Berg andy, and the Prin- 
cts Floripes, was howwtue? Nor thet ot Fierabras, with the 
bridge of ALantible, which; befell in (bar lenraines time, and 
is, I fweare, as ttue, as thatit is day at chis inflanty and if it 
bealie, fo mufticbecd!fo; that ewer there was an FY efor 
- Ahetnlles, or the wurte of Trbyy F be twelte Peeres of France, 
“or King Aribanef Bolttuive; Who woes yer about the world 
in the flrape'of Crow; and is etery foarte expected in his 
'Kingdonte.. ‘And they will es well prefumeto fay , thatthe 
Hiorie of Guarino CM taquine;and'of vie diel} ofthe ho- 
ly Suangvsalle' thes anlithae-for thedlotre betweere Sir Tri 
' firamandiLa Betis Pfobde and betweene Qhicene ‘Gaenenor 
. and SirlLaancelet Dilak; we haue Ho fufficieht Authoritie, 
and yerrhere ber cettaine perfons elite ,. which alinofi re- 
member, thatthey-hauefeene the Lady Gneetaniona, who 
was one-of the Bcalskinkersof Wine that cuet Great Brit 
tasne hac; and this-isfocértsine)’ a¢ Lremember'that one of 
_| ny Grandmothers of my-Fathers fide; ‘was wont to fay vn- 
| toume, when thee faw my tatrone , with along and reue- 
rend kerchiefo or vaile , my boy , that woman refembles 
very much Lady Osintanionk {ftom which Iargue, that ei- 
ther thee knew her felfejor at the leaf, had feene fome por- 
oer > .. oaf eeainiire 


|Parr.q.  . witteKnight Don Quxde | §6 9 


traicure of hers. Who-can morenuer deniethe certaintie of 
the Hiflorie of Peter of Promaunce , and the. beautifull: 
Moagolena, feeing that. vntill this.very day one may beheld 
in the Kings. Armorie, the Pisne wherewith he guided, and 
turned any way he lifted, cheHosfe of wood.; whereupon 
| he:rode thordw the’ Ayre; whid-Pinne,, is a little bigger . 
then the Thill of a Cart , and neerevato:it.is alfa feene Bas 
bieca his faddle: and in Rencefwale there:yet hangs Rowlawds 
| hornes, which is as bigge as 2 veryoreat leyft, whence.is in- , 
ferred, that there »were/twelac Pecres , that theoe: was: a 
Pierres of Promanasy thar alfo there. were (iaet, and othdr 
{uch Kaights .as thofe which the world termes adventurers; 
if not, let them alfo rell me, thatthe valiant Laftanian,lohn 
de Melo, wasno Knight Ertatit., who. wem to Bargauidia, 
and in the Ciie ef Rec: foughe with tho:fansous : Losd of 
Charwi called ©Mofen P iewré, and after-voithed fofen: Hekry 
of Rameftan in the Citie of Baflea y anth bore: away, dhe vi- 
toric in both the confiits,; cohis etorball famme3 and chat 
there-were no fuch curres as the aduenranss;andfinglé come | 
bats bcpunne, and ended in:‘Burgunive, by che: valiant Spas | 
| niards Pedro: Barba, and Gutserre Quidada (fontwhois I 
my felfe am lineally difeended:).whoouercane the Farle:of | 
Saint Paws fonnes. Fhey may alfo verre vnto me, that } 
Dou Fernando de Guenarra wentnot to feeke aduentires in | 
Germania, where he fought with Aticer. George a soir He of. | 
the Duke of e-fuftria his houfe Let chem ike wife affirme, |; 
chat Saare de: Dainownes' ofthe paflage, his luftes were but |! | 
ieftes;as alfo che enterprife of Adofen Lewis de falfes, againkt | 
Den Geucalaide Guamana Gentleman of Caffde,with many | 
ocherrenqumed Adts, done as well by ‘Chriffian Knighrs of 
Tt thie Kingdome; as:of other forraine lands, and {o suthenti- | 
jcalland true, a9 that I.am compelled. ta rciterare what I 
faid-before, tliat whofaduer denies ‘thein , is defectiue of 
reafon and good difcourfe. , tee ee 
 Fultof admiration remained the good Canon, toheare 
the compofition ,: aiid ‘medly, that, Den-Qaixete made of 
4 Nn. 4 truchs, 


47° 


- The delightfull Hiftorieofthe | Pant.g. 


truths, and fictions together ; and at the preat notice he had 
of all chings that might any way concerne his Knighthood 
errant cand therefore he fhaped him this an{were : I cannot 
denie Sir Dom Duixete,but that fome part of that which you 
haue faid is true, {pecially touching thofe Spanifs aduentu- 


| cers of whome you haue fpoken ; and will likewife praunt 


you, that there were twelue Peeres of France, bat I willnot 
beleeue that they haue accomplifhed all that which the 
Arebbifbop T urpine hath left written of them : for the bare 
truth of che affaire is, that. they were certaine Noblemen 
chofen out by the Kings of Franceywhom they called Peeres, 
becaufe they were all equalk in valour, qualitie, and worth ; 
or if they were nor, it was at lea(t prefumed that they were ; 
and they were not much volike the militarie orders of Saint 
Taras, or Calatrana,were imrequefl, wherein it is prefuppo- 


_| fed thar fch as.ave of the profeflion, are, or ought to be va- 


lorous , and well defcended:, Gentlemen: and-as now they 
fay, a Knighe af StJobe,or Alcantara, fo in thofe times they 
faid;a Knight of the ewelue Peeres;becayfe they were twelue 
equals, chofen to be of that military order. That there was a 
Cid , and 2 Bernard: of Carpio , isalfo doubtleffe ; that they 
haue done the ats recounted of them, I beleeue there is ve- 
ry great caufe to doubt, . As touching the pinne of the good 
Earle Pierves,and that it is by Rabieca his faddle in the kings 
Armourie, I confeflethat my finihath made me fo ignorant, 


“{ orblind, that alchough I haue the faddle very well,yet could 


I neuer getafhghe. of that:Pinne, how. great foeter you af- 
firme it tobee. Well, it is chere without queftion , {aid 


. | Dox- Quixote, and forthe greater confirmation thereof they 


fay itis laid vp ina cafe of Neates leather, to keepe it from 
rufling. That may very well fo be, faidche Canon , yet by 
the orders that I haue seceiued, I doe notremember that e- 
uer I faw it : and alchough J fhould graunt it to be there, yet 


| doc I noctherefore oblige my felfe to belecue the Hiftories 


of all che eS maidifes , nor thofe.of the other rabblement of 
Knights, which bookes doe ingsitton ynto vs :norisit reafon 
_ eo Cl aes thar 


 _ le 


Pa RT.46 ware Knight Dow-Qutxote, 57 


that fo Honorable a man,adorned with fo many good parts, 
and iadowed with fuch a wit, as you are, fhould beleeue, 
that fa many, and fo lirange follies, as are written'in the ra- 
| uing bookes of Chiualrie, canbe true. i” 


Cuap. XXIII. 


Of the difercet contention betweene Don-Quixote and 
" the Canon, with other accidents. | : 


Be Hat were a jeft indeed,quoth Don- Dnixote, 
thatbooks which are printed with the Kings 
licence, and approbation of chofe to whom 
their examination was committed , and that 
are read with vuiuerfall delight and accep- 
| tance; and celebrated by great and little, 
rich, and poore, learned and ignorant,Plebeans and Gentle- 
| men, and finally by all kinde of perfons of what flate or con- 
| dition foeuer,fhould be fo lying and fabulous ; {pecially {ee- 
ing they haue fuch probabilitie of truth;feeing they defcribe 
‘| vntovsthe Father, Mother, Countrey, Kinsfolke, Age, 
Towne, and Adts of fuch a Knight, or Knights, and that fo 
-exa@tly , point by point , and day by day : Hold your peace 
| and neuer {peake againe fuch a blafphemie; and beleeue me, 
| for I doe fincerely counfaile you what you,asa difcreet man, 
| ought todoe herein ; and if not, reade them but once, and 
| you hall fee what delight you fhall receive thereby : if nor, 
| tellme what greater pleafure cantherebe, thea to behold 
(as one would fay ) euen here and before our eyes 5 9 great 
lake of pitch boiling hot, and many Serpents, Snakes , Li- 
zarts, and other kinds of cruell and dreadfull beafts fwim- 
ming a thwart it, and in euery part of it, and that there iffues 
out of che lake a moft lamentablevoice, faying. O shon r 
Knight , whatfoener thon art , which doeft bebold the fearefull i 
lake, if thom defireft to obtaine the good cancealed under thefe { ! 


ho.vide 


OWN a aN 
Ch 
1a ® 

¢ 

oe, i va 


he 


= ftall, Aides over the {mall fands, and white litle flones, which 


T be delightfull Hifforie ofthe | PAR Tq 


herride and blacke waters , fhew the valour of thy. firong brest, 


and throw thy fel into the widft of ths fable, and wnflamed k_ 
conr; for sf thon doef? not fo, thou {bale not be worthy to dsfcouer 
the great wonders hidden in she fenen Caffles of the feuen Fates, 
which are feated under thefe gloomie wanes : and that fcaree 
hath the Knight heard the fearefull voice, when without en- 
tring into any new dilcourfes, or once ¢onfidering the dan- 
ger whereinto he thrufts himfelfe , yea or eafing himfelfe of 
the waight of his ponderous armour, but only commendin e 
him{elfe vnto God, and his Ladie Miftris, hee plungesinto 
the midft of that burning puddle, and when he neither cares 
nor knowes what ma Peel him , -hee finds himfelfe in the 
midtt of flourifhing felde » with which the very EL/ean 
plaines can in no fort be compared ; There it {cemes to han 
that the element is. more tran{parent, and that a Sunne 
| ine with a cleereglight then in awe Orbe : cherd offers it 
felfe to his greedie and curious cye, a moft pleafinp forreft 
replenifhed with fo greene, and well-{pred trees, as the ver- 
dure thereof both ioyes and quickens the fight; whileft rhe 
‘eares are entertained by the harmonious , thougharttefle 
' fongs of infinxe and enamelled birds, which tranerfe-the in- 
\ tricate bowes of that (hadie habitation : Here hice difcouers 
| afmall ftreame , whofe frefh waters refembling liquid (7- 


' refemble fifted gold wherein Oriental] Peasles are inchaced: 
| there he difcernes an-artificiall Fountaine wrought of niotly 
| lafper and {mooth Marble : and hard by it an other , rudely 
and negligently framed, wherein the fiindry Cockle thels 

' with the wreathed white & yellow houfes of the Peruincle, 
and Snaile intermingled, and placed-after.a diforderly:ordey : 
| Chauing now and then peeces of cleare Criffad, and ‘coun. 
i tertait Emeralds mingled among them) do make a worke of 
fo pracefull varietie, as. Arte imitating Nature, doth herein 
feeme to {urpaffeber. Suddainely he difcouers a frong Ca. 
{tle or goadly Palace, whofe walles are of beaten gold, the 
pinacles of Dianouds, the pares of Zacines ; finally,ic is of fo 
: Cx. 


Pa RY op. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


| exquifite workemanthip,as alchough the materials whereof 
itis. built, are no worfe then Diamonds, Carbuncles, Rubies, } 
Emeralds, Pearles, and Gold, yetis the Architecture thereof 
of more cftimation & value then they,and is there any more 
to be feene, after the feeing hereof, then to fee fallie out at 
the Caflle gates, a goodly troupe of louely Damzels, whofe 
braue and cofily attyre, if I fhould attempt to defcribe as it 
is laid downe in Hidorics, wee fhould neuer make an end 2 
and fhee that feemeg the chieteft of all to take prefently our 
bold Knight, that threw himfelfe into the boiling lake, by 
the hand, and carry him into therich Cafile or Palace with- 
out fpeaking.a word, and caufe him to ftrip h'mfelfe as na- |. 
ked, as he was when his Mother bore him, and bathe him in 
_Verytemperate waters, and afterward.annoint him all ouer 
with precious ointments,and put on hima fhirt of moft fine, 
. odoriferous,and perfumed Sendall; and then another Dam- 
 zell to come {addainely and cafts on his backe a rich mantel, 
which they fay is wonttobee worth, at the very leaft a 
tich City, yea-and more ? then what a {port it is, when they 
tell vs shee , that afterchis hee is carried into another Hall, 
where he finds the tables couered fo orderly as he refis ama- 
zed ? what, to fee caft on his hands water diftilled al! of Am- | 
bar, and mof fragrant Howers ? what, to fee him feated ina 
chpire of Yuorie ? what ,.r0 fee_him ferued by all the Dame | 
izels with maruailous filénce ? what, the fetting before him | 
| fuch variety of accates, andthefe fo excellently drefled, as 
his appetite knowes not to which of them ic fhall firfl ad- 
drefle his hand ? what, to heare the Muficke which founds. 
whilit he is-at dinner , without knowing who makes it, or | 
| whence it comes ? and after that dinner is ended, and the ta- 
‘blestaken-away, the Knight to remaine leaning on a chaire, .| 
and perhapspicking of his teeth, as che cuftome is, and on a 
-( fuddaine toenter at the Hal-dore another much more beau- 
ful] Damzell then any of the former,and to-fit by his fide and 
beginne to recount vato him what Caflle that is, and how 
; thee ssinchaunted therein:, with many other things that a- 
| igitized fy | mazed 


| 574 


| to doe good vnto my friends,butefpecially to this my peore 
| Squire Sancho Paxca,who is one of the honefteft men inthe 


j which I promifed him many dayes paft, but that I feare mee 


| ‘Sancho ouethearing thofe laft words of his mafters faid, 


The delightful Hiftorie of the Parr. 4.: 


mazed the Knight, and amazed the Readers. I will noten- 
large my felfe any more in this matter, feeing that you may 
colle&t out of that which I haue faid, that any pare that is 
read of any booke ofa Knight errant, will delight, and afto- 
nithhim, that fhall perufe it withattention : and therefore 
I pray you belecue me, & as Ihaue faid already, reade thofe 
kinde of bookes, and you fhall finde that they will exile all 
the melancholie that fhall trouble you, and rectifie your dif | 
pofition , if by fortune it be depraued : for I dare affirme of 
my felfe that fince I am become a Knight errant , I am vali- 
ant, curteous, liberal! , well mannered , gencrous, gentile, |. 
bold, mild, patient, an indurer of labours , imprifonments3 
and inchauntments: andalcthough it be but fo little a while 
fince I was fhut vp ina cage like amad man , yet doe I hope 
by the valour of mine arme (heauen concurring and fortune 
not croffing me) to fee my felfe within a few dayes,the King 
of fome Kingdome, wherein I may thew the bounty and li- 
beralitie included within my breft. For in good truth Sir, a 
poore man is made vnable to manifeft che vertue of libera- 


litie cowards any other, although he-virtually poffeffe ‘it | 


himfelfe in a moft eminent degree : and the will te pratifie 
which only confilts of will, is as dead a thiny, as Faith with- 
out Workes.For which caufe I doe with, that fortune would 


quickly prefent me fome occafion. whereby I might make } - 


my felfe an Emperour; that I may difcouer the defire I haue 


world, on whome I would faine beflow the Earledome 


he will not be able to gouerne his flate. 


labour you, Sir Don- Quixore,to pette mee that Earledome 
as often eae by you, as much longed for by me’, and 
Ipromife you that I will not want fufficiency to gouerne it, 
and though I fhould,yet haue I heard fay,that there are men 
im the world who take Lordthips to farme, paying the Lord 
: : fo 


OO Re ge OMe TO 


PAR Te — waltie Knight Don-Qurxote, $95 
= a 
fo much by the yeare, and vadertaking the care of the: go- | 
urromentthercof; whilft the Lard: himfelfe with outftret- 
ched legs deth live at his eafe;‘enioying the rents they.bring | 
him, .and caring for nothing:elfe: and {o will I doe, and will 
' | natfland racking itto the vtmioft, but prefently defift from |: 
’ | all admialtteation,and line merrily vpon my rent like a-yon 
Dukes and,foletthe world wagge, and goe how it will. 
That friend Saxchyis to be vnderftood quoth the Canon, of 
-enioyning the revenewes.; but as concerning the admini+ 
Agation of iufice; the Lord ‘of the Signiory is bound to 
looketo it, inthatisrequired a fufficiency and ability to go: 
| 4 uerne,and aboue all, a goodinténtionto deale iuftly, and 
. |. determine rightly: for if this be wanting when we besinne, 
. our meanes and ends. will alwaies be fubi€t to errour, And 
therefore is Ged wont as well to further the good defignes 
| | of che fimple, as to disfauour the bad ‘ones of thofe that be 
} wittily wicked. © - . _ 
 Ivnderftand not thofe Philofophies quoth Sancho Panca, 
but this I know -well,that I would I had as {peedily the Earl- 
dome, as I- could tell how-to gonerne it, for I haue as much 
foule as another, anidas much bodie ashee that hath moft; 
and I would be as abfolute aking in my eftate, as anyone 
. | would be in his; arid being-fuch,I would. doe what I liked, 
_and deing what I liked, I. would take my pleafure; and taz 
king my pleafure I would be content ; and when oneis-con- 
tent,be-hath no more to defire, and hauing no mere to de- 
fire che matter were ended : and then come the flate when 
it will, or-farewell it, and let vs behold our felues , as: one 
Blinde man faidto another. They are no bad Philofophies 
which thou comeft out with kind Sanebo,quoth the Canon, 
but yet for all chae there is much to be {aid concerning this 
matter of Earledomes. To that Dos- Quixote replied : I 
know net what more may be faid, onely I youerne my felfe 
by the the example of Amadis de Gaule, who made his 
Squire Earle of the firme Iland:.and therefore I ‘may with- 
out {cruple of confcience make Sancho Pancaan Earle ;for 
| ee he 


eee 


a a ae 
576 The delightfull Hiflerieof the Pan 4 


te Ed 


_ .} he is enc of che belt Squires thac euer knight errant had. The 
| Canon abade amazed at che well-compacted ‘and order i 


rauings of Don. Quote; ar the manner wherewith he ha 
deciphered the adueocure of the Knightof the lake; acthe 


-impreffion which his lying bookes had made into‘Him:: ahd 


finally ie wondeed at the fimplicitie of Sanche Pasca, who 


focarnefily defired to he made Karle ofthe county his Lord 


hadpromifedhim = = °°: - 
By this time che Canons feruingmen, which had gone to 


the Inne for the funiprire Male, were returned, and making 


their tatile of a carpet, and of tho greene praffe of that mea- 
dow,they fate dawae ynder the thadow of the treés,and did 
eate these, ta the end that the waineman might not lofe the 


commoditic of the paflure, as'we haue faid before , and as |. 
thoy fare at dinner, they fodiialpheard.the found of a! lirtte. 


bell ifuing fram amongthe-briersand brambles that were 
at hand, and inftanely after chey faw come out of the thicket 
avery faire thee-Goate, whofe hide was poudered all ouet 
with blacke, white, and browne fpors : after her followed 
a Goatheard crying vinta her, and. id:his language bidding 


her flay, o8 recurne againe eo: thefobld :-bur the flgitiue | 


Goate all affrigttedand fearcfull ranie towards the com. 
pany,and as ic were feeking in her dimbe manner to be pro- 
tected Arayed necre vato them, thendidithe Goatheard ar. 
riue, and laying bold ef her hosnes (.as if thee had beene 
eapable of his seprehenfton ) faid vaco her. O-yee wei. 
tan ape, ye {patted elf, how come you to halt with me 


a late daies? what walues doskarre your daughter? will you: 


not tell me, faire, what the matrer is? but whatcan it be o- 
ther chen that yeu are a female, and therefore can neuer be 
quiet,afoule euill ake your conditions,and.af} theit:, whom 
you fo much refemble’, turne backe toue, tutne backe, and 
though yau be not fo content withall,- yet fhall you ay 
lea(t be more fafe inyourfold, and amang the ref ef your 
fellowes: for if you chat fhall guide and dire&i them,go thus 
diflraéted, and. wandering, what chen muft they doe; | what 


we ne rr ee 8 ee — et ow eee we ee * 


will. 


°e « OO 


ae 


SO ee ne ee 6 nagar EON EO eR ON ~ Aa 
- 3S Hewes 


amg ee eo 


—ae FS Fh: 


peat Aare ae es 


oa 


7 ro -) & pwn FFA 


- —-~: 


— > JF eA Be wo FR 


Ramwr.4, ‘withe Knight Bow-Quixotey 


ERIS em Ws be oes a En Ne eT TE 
willbecome of-them? . The Goatheatds words did ‘tot 4 
lictde delight she hearets, bur pringipally the Canay, who 
fgid ynto him, | pray thee gaad felow. sake thy.eAheerea | 
while,and.doe not:haBen that Goate fo muah to: her fould, 
for feeing fheis afemale, as thou fayeft, fhe will follow her 4 
natural inftin& how much focuer thau appofett thy felf vn- 
toit: take chereforeshat bit, and drinke a draught where- | ' 
withdll thou mat remperthy choller, andthe Goate will |. 
tefl her the.whilfts and faying fo, hee gave him the hinder | | 
| quareet of acdid Rabbet, which he receiving, rendréd him | | 
| many thankes,and drinking adrauphtof wine, did pacifi¢ 
patente faid prt fently after: 3 vrould not haue you my 


| nahers accosrts.me, (inple, although I Ipoketo this beaft in. 
| Yo-caxnicht a fafhion; forin truchzhs watds which J vied ye- 
| toher where hot wisheits fome rmyfteri¢ Ladd tudeed rpfick, | 
‘and yct-not fo muchsaue that:] know-how to couderfe with | 
men,aud With brafis.d beleaweshatesGly quoth.ehe.Curate,.{ 
| for knew aireadia by experience ,shat the woods breede | 
learned atea, and fheepe codte comisine Phildfaphess, At: 
the lead Sirwe phat hthie Goathicard, they h4veamoag then 
experienced men:sandiahet youmay giud the niere: credite: 
co this truth, and as it were,touch it with your owne hands, | 
( althoughtilhi be bidden, | mey-feemeto inuice my felfe } 
{I will, if you pleafe may ss but a while, relate vntoyou 
'a very true accidene,slictt flial] make good what thisGen- |. 
‘tleman (pointing to the Curate) and my felfe haue affirmed, | - 


| ‘to this Don -Qrirote'anfwered; becaufe the Cafe doth feeme 
to haue in it fome {hadow of kimghtly aduerteures, Twill for 
my part liften vnto thee with avery good will, and I pre-{ . . 
| fume thicalt theft Gentlerhog wit deethe like , -{o great is 
| their difcretion sand delice to.know curious nauelty' which 
2 | amaze, delight; and entartaine the fenfes, as] doe certain! 
| belcewethy hittory will.. ‘Fhercfose beginiitfriend , and all 
-. | of vswillend ons cares ontaa,Jexceptanme quoth Sanche, 
for L-will goe withthis:paftiewntodhac hide ftredme, where: 
I meane to fill my felfe forthree daics yfor} haue heard my: 
7 mo Lord | 


| 


@. 


pe). ae 


578 | 


2 om. 


(an then he began his hiftory ia thisinsaener, . . 
Ph POSE oss Teh, ow. a Ca a 


The delightfoll Hiflorie ofthe  —§ Pxnvtg 


Lord Don- Quixote fay, that a Knight errants Squire mu 
eate whenhe can, and alwaies as much ashecan, becavfe 
thar oftentimes-they-enterby-chance into fome wood fo in- 
tricare,as they cannot git out of # againein five or fixe dates: 
and if amens panchibe not then well ftuffed, or his wallet 
well flored, he may there remaine, and be turned as many 


| times it happens , into mummie,’ Thou art in the right of 


it Sanche,quoth Don. Quixete, goo therefore where thou’ 
wilt, and-eate-what thea maf ; for I ant alreadie fatisfied, 
and onely want refeGtion for my minde, which now I will 
giuc it by liftening to this good follow. ‘The fame will wee 
alfo giue vnto ours queth the Canon, who therewithal] in- 
treated the Goatheard to keepe. promife!, and begiane: his. 
tale, Then he ftroking: ence or twicd his: prettie Goate,: 
(which he yer held:faft by the hornes) {atd thus : Lyedownce 
an foole,by mee, for we fhall have time enough co returne 
ome dgaine. Iefeemed thatthe Goat vaderftood him; for 
as'foone as her mafter fate downe, fheiquictly Rtretched her 
felfe along by him, and looking him inthe face, did giue.to 
yaderitand, that (he was attentite to what hee was faying, |. 


id 


Cuan XXIMB 
Relating that which the Goatheard sold to thofe that car- 

riedaway Don.quixote wait 

: mo tae ak oe aa eee . 

g. Heereis a villagediftant fome: three leagues 
py from this valley, which albeit it belittle , is 
Aye one of the richeft‘of all this commark: there- 
infometime did dwell a wealthie farmer.of 


| Par T.4. wittie Knight Don-Qutxote. 597 


al 
wealth he poflefled: Buc that which did mo(t accumulate his 
happinefle(as he himfelfe was wont to fay) was,that he had a 
daughter of fo accomplifhed beauty, fo rare difcretion,com- 
lineffe, and vertue, that as many as knew and beheld her, ad- 
mired co fee the paffing indowments wherewith heaven, and 
nature had inriched her. Being a child fhe was fayre,& increa- 
fing daily in feature, fhe was at the age of fixteeu moft beau- 
tiful. The fame wherof extended i: felfe ouer allthe bordcring 
villages, buc why fay I the bordring villages alone, if it fpread 
it felf over the farthett cities,yea & entrcd into the kings Pal- 
lace,& intothe eares of all kinde of people? fo that they came 
from all parts to behold her as a rare thing, and patterne of 
miracles? her father did carefully keepe her,and fhe likewifc 
| heeded her fclfesfor there is neither guard, locke , nor bolt 
able to keepe a mayden betecr, then is her owne warineffe , 
and care. The wealth of the father,and worth of the daugh- 
ter moued diuers, as well of his owne village as ftrangers,to 
demaund her to wife,but he(as one whom the difpofall of fo 
rich a iewell moft neerely concerned) was much pexplexed, 
and vnable to determine on whom, among fuch an infinite 
number of importunate woers,he might beftow her: among 
others that bore this good wil towards her,I my felf was one 
to whom gaue many, and very great hopes of good fuccefe, 
the knowledge that her father had of mee, my birth in the 
fame village,my defcent honeft, and blood yneainted,flouri- 
mee in yeares,very rich in goods, and no leffe in gifts of the 
mind, Another of che fame village,and qualities was alfo a 
{uiter voto her: which was an occafion to hold her in fu- 
{pence, and put his will in the ballance, deeming as he did, 
that fhe might be beftowed en either of vs two: and that he 
might be rid of his doubr, he refolued totellit to Leandra, 
(for fo do they call the rich maids which hath brought mee | | . 
toextreamemifery ) noting difercetly, that fecing we both 
were equals, ic would not be amiffe to leaue in his deeré 
daughters power the making choyce of whether fhe liked 
belt. A thing worthy to be noted by all thofe pargzts that would 
Oo 7 ~ hane 


RELLY 


580 | 


Se 
‘| bawe their children marry. Wherein my meaning is not that 


T be delight full Hiftorie of the Parr.4! 


they fhould permit them to make a bad or a bafe choyce,bur 
that they propound certaine good ones, and referre to their 
liking which of them they will take. I know not what was 
the liking of Leandra,but only know this,that the father po- 
(ted vscff by alleaging the ouer greene yearcs of his daugh- 
tcr, and vfing generall termes , which neither obliged him, 
nor difchareed vs, My riuall wascalled e4xfelmo, andiny | 
felfe Emgenio: chat you mey alfo haue fome iuflice of the per- 
fons which were aétors in this tragcedie, whofe conclufion is 
yet depending, but threatens much future difafter, 

About the very fame time arrived to our village oneUin~ 
cent of the Rofe,{onne to a poore labourer of the fame place, 


which Vincente returned as then from /ta/y, and diuers other 


countries, wherin he had beene a fouldier,for being of fome 
tweluc yeares of age,a certaine Captaine that with bis com- 
pany paffed along by our village, did carry him away with 
him, and the youth after a dozen yeares more, came backe 
againe attired like & a foldier, painted with a hundred co- 
lours, full of a thoufand deuifes of Criftall, fiuc fteele chains: 
to day he would put on fome gay thing, the next day fome 
othcr,but allofithem flight painted , and of little waight, | 
leffe worth. The clownith people which are naturally mali- 
cious, and ifthey haue but euer fo little idlencfle or leafure 
become malice it felfe, did note and recken vp all his braue- 
jixsyand tewcls, and found that he had but three fuits of ap- 
pore ll of dfferent colours, with garters and Aackings an- 
(werable to them; but he vfed fo many difgurfements, varie- 
cies transformations, and inuentions,which they , as if they 
ad not counted themall, fome one would bane {worne that 
he nad made fhew of more then tenne fuits of apparrell,and 
more then twenty plumes of feathers:and let not that which 
Ttell you ofthe apparrell be counted impertinent, or froin 
the matter; for it makes a principall pare in the biftory, He 


would fit on abenchthat food vader a great Poplar tree in 
| the mid@ ofthe market place, andthere would holdvs all, 


Pa RT.4. wittte Knight Don. Quixote. 5 SI 


with gaping mouthes, liltening to the gallant aducntures, 
and refolute acts he recounted ynto vs, there was no land in 
all the world, whofe foile he had not troden on,no ba:teil 
wherein he had not been prefent,he had flaine more AZocres, 
then the kingdomes of Marrocco,and Tuney comtained,and 
vidertaken more findle combats, as he faid, then eucr did e1- 
cher Gant, Lana, or Diego Garcia de Paredes, and a theu- 

‘and others whom he named, and yet hee ftill came away 
wich the victory, without hauing euer left one.drop of blood. 
Aa the other fide he would fhew vs fignes of wounds, wnich 

althoughthey could not be difcerned,yet would he perlwade 
vs that they were the markes of bujlets, which he receiued. 
1 diuers'skirmifhés, and manaces. ‘Finally he would thou 

his equals, and thofe which kneW hin very well with mar- 

ucllous arrovancyé and faidjthaehis arme was his father, his 

warkes lis nage, and that befidehis being a fouldier , hee 

ought nota whitto the king. Tothefc his arrogancies was 

annext fomefuperficiall skill in muficke, for he could {cratch 

alittle on a Gytterne,and fome would fay that hee made it 

(peake: bur his many graces made nota Rop there 5 for hee 

bad likewife fome fhadowes of Poetry,and fo woald make 

a ballade of a Jeague and a halfe long vpon cuery toy that 

hapned inthe village: 

The fouldicr therefore, whom I haue deciphered , this 
Vincente of the Rofe,this braggard,this Mufician, this Poet, 
eyedand beheld many times by Leandra from. a ccrtaine 
window of her houfe that looked into the Market placesand 
the golden fhew of his attire enamoured her: an@his Ditties 
‘nchanted hers for hee would giue twentie Copies of cuery 
one he compofed: The report of his worthy acts , beaurificd 
byhimfelfe, camealfo vnto her eares,and finally (for fo itis 
likely theDiucll had ordered the matter) fhee became in 
Loue with him before he prefumed to thinke once of folici- 
ting her. And as in Loue aduentures no one is accompli« 
fhed with more facilitie, then that which is fauoured by the 
womans defire; Leandra and Vimcemtemadea {hort and ¢a- | 

Oo 4 fie : 


a 


582 


The delightfull Hifforie of the PaRrt.4 


fie goreement, and ereany one of her fuiters could once 
fulpect her defires, fhee had fully fatisfied them; abandoned 
her deere and loving Fathers honfe, (for her mother lives 
not) and running away from the Village with the Souldier, 
who departed with more triumph from that enterprife, then 
trom all che others which he had arrogated to himfelfe, The 


accident amazed all the Towne, yea and all thofe to whome 


the rumour thereof arrived ; was aftonifhed, A#/elmo ama- 
zed, her father forrowfull, her kinsfolke afhamed. The mi- 
niflers of IuRice carefull , and the Troupers readie to make 
purfuir; all the wayes were laide, and the woods, and euery 
other place meerely fearched; and at the end of three dayes 
they found the luftfull Leandra hidden in a Caue within a 
wood, naked in her fmocke,and difpoyled ofa great fumme 
of money, and many precious Iewels, which fhee had 
brought away with her: they returned her to her dolefull 
fathers prefence, Where asking how fhee became fo defpoy- 
led, thee prefently confefled , that Vimcent of the Rofe had 
deceived her; for hauing pafled his. word tamake her his 
wife, he perfwaded bes to leaue her fathers houfe, and made 
her beleeue chat he would carrie her to the richefl, and moft 
delightfull Citie of the world, which was Naples. And that 
fhee through indifcretion , and his fraude, had giuen credit 
to his words, and robbing her father , tole away with him 
the very fame night that fhee wasmifled; andthat he caried 
her to a very rough thicket, and fhuc ber vp in that Caue 
wherein they found her : Shee alfo recounted bow the Soul- 
dier, wich8ur touching her honour, had robd ber ot all that 
fhee caried, and Jeauing her in that Caue, was fled away; 
which fuccefle ftroke vs into preater admiration then all 
the reft: for we could hardly be induced to beleeue the yong 
gallants continencie, but fhee did fo carnefily protelt it,as it 
did nota lictle comfort her comforcleffe father, who made 
no reckoning of theriches hee had loft, {eeing his daughter 
had yet referued that Iewell which being once gone , ce-ald 
neuer againebe recouered, The fame day that Leandra ap- 


a= =e . § 


Parr. 4. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. | 58 2 


peared, thee alfo vanifhed out of our fights, being conueicd | 
away by her Father, and fhut vp in a Numnerie at a certaine 
Towne not farre off; hoping that time would illiterate fome 
part of the bad opinion already conceiued of his daughters 
facilitie. Leandra her youth ferued to excufe her errour , at 
leaft with thofe which gained nothing by her being good or 
sill; but fuch as knew her difcretion , and great wit, did not 
attribute her finne to ignorance, but rather to her too much | 
hghtnefle, and the naturall infirmitie of that fexe, which for 
the mofl part is inconfiderate, and flipperie, Leandra being 
fhut vp, Anfelmos eyes loft her light,or at leaft beheld not a- 
ny thing that could delight them , and mine remained in 
darkneffe without light , that could addreffe them to any 
pleating obie&in Leandraes abfence. Our griefes increa- 
fed, our patience diminifhed, wee curfed the Souldiers orna- 
ments, aed abhord her Fathers want of looking to her. To 
bebriefe, Anfelmo and my felfe , refolued to abandon the 
Vilage, and cometothis valley , where hee feeding a great 
flocke of Sheepe ofhis owne, and I ascopious a Heardof | 
Goates of mine, we paffe our Jiues among thefe trees .giuing | 
vent to our paffions , cither by finging a el the beauti- 
full Leandraes praifes, or difpraifes:or by fighing alone,and 
alone communicating our quarrelfome complaints with 
heauen, Manyochers of Leandras {uitors haue fince, by our 
example, come tothefe intricate woods, where they vfe our 
| very exercife;& they are fo many, as it feemes that this place 
is conuerted into the Paftoral Arcadia,it is ful of fhepheards 
and ficepfolds,and there is no one part thereof Wherein the 
name of the beautifull Leandra refoundeth not: There one 
doth curfe her, and termeth her humours inconfant and dif- 
honeft:an other condemnes her of being fo facile and light; 
fome one abfolues, and pardons him, an other condemnes 
and difpifes her, and eerste: her beautie , an other exe- 
crates her difpofition , and finally all blame, but yet adore 
her, and the rauing diftraction of them all, doth fo farre ex- 
tend it felfe, as fome one complaines ofdifdaine, that neuer 
Oo ? {noke 


The delight full Hiftorie of the Pantd- 


(poke word vato her, aad fome one laments, and fecles the 
iaraged fits of iealoufie, though fhee neuer minificed any 
occafton thereof; for as I haue faid ber finne was knowne 
before her defises; There is no clift of a Rocke, 10 banke of 
a (tceame, nor fhadow of a tree withonit fome Shepheard or 
other, thatbreathes out his misfortunes to the filent ayre. 
The Ecche repeates Lequdras name, wherefoeuer.it can bee 
formed; the woods refound Leandra, the brokes doc mur- 
mut Leandra, and Leaxdra holds vs ali perplexed and in- 
charted, hoping without hope, and fearing without know- 
ledge what we feare. | tee & yn 
And among all this flocke of franticke men none fhewes 
more , or lefle iudpement, then my companion Axfelme; 
who hauing fo mavy other titles ynder which hee mighr 


{ plaine him, onely complaines of abfence , and doeth to the 


found of arebecke (which he handles admirably. weil) fap 
certaine dolefull verfes, which fully difcower the excellencie 
efhiscenceit. Efollow a more eae, and(in mine opinion) 
a more certaine way; to wit , Irayle onthe lightnes of wo- 


{ men, on their isconftancie, double dealing, dead promifes, 


crackc truft, and the fonall difcretéoa they fhewe in placing 
of their affeQtions , and this Sir was. the occafion ‘of the 
words, and reafons I lately: vfed to this Goarte, whom I doe 
cfleeme but little becaufe thee isa female, alchough thee be 
otherwife, the beft af allmy:beard: Andchis is the Hiftorie 
which I promifed-to rell you, wherein #t I hauc beene pro- 
_ lixe, 1 will bee alvogether as large m-doing youany. . 
ferui@e , for I haue bere at hand my Cabine ,. and. 
therein Gore of freth milke,and Bas cheefe, 
with many fortes of excelient fruit, a0 
.. keffe agreeable tothe fight then plea- 
| fing vocherafie, 


CHA Pp. 


—— 


ART.4. wittie Knight Don-Quixote. 


"' Cnuap, XXYV. 


Of the falling out of Don- Quixote and the Goatcheard: 
with the aduenture of the dsfciplimants, to which the 
Knight ganeendtohiscat. 

reed He Goatcheards tale bred a general de- 

isa lig htin all chehearers, but {pecially in the 


6 Canon, who did very exadtly note the man 
¥y ner wherewithal] he delivered it, as diffe- 


SRO Goatcheard , as-approching to the difcreti- 
on of a perfect Courier ; and therefore he faid,that the Cu- 
rate had {poken very iudicioufly,in affirming that the woods 
bred learnedmen , all of them made bountifull tenders of 
their friendfhip and feruice to Exgento, but hee that enlarged, 
himsfelfe more chen the ref, was Don- Quixote, who faid vii- 
to him : certes, friend Goateheard, if I were at this time able 
to vndertake any aduenture , I would prefently fet forwatd, 
and fallin hand with it-ta dee you.a good turne, and I 
| would take Leandra out of the Monafterie ( wherein with-: 
out doubr thee is reftrainedagainft her will) in defpighe of 
the Ladie Abbeffe, and of all thofe that fhould take her 
parc and would put her into your-hands, to the end you 
| might difpofe of her at your pleafure , yet {till obferuing the 
| dawes of Knighthood; which-command,that no man doe a-: 
ny wrong, and offer violence vnto.a Damzell:: yet I hope in’ 
our Lord God, that the skill of a malicious inchaunter fhall 
not be of fuch force, but that the {ciencc of a better meaning 
'| wifard thall preuaile againft-him ; and whenfoeucr that fhal 
befall, I doe promife you my help and fauaus, as.] am bound 
| by my profeffton, which chiefly confifts in affiiting the weake 
and diftreffed, - 

The Goateheard beheld him, and feeing the Knight fo il] 
arrayed, and ot {0 euill-fauoufed a countepance , hee won- 
dred,and queflioned the Barber, who fateneareto him, thus 

Oo4 I 


tcl Mac sh bey 


I pray you Sir,who is this man,of fo ftrange a figure, and that 
{peaks fo odly? who elfe fhould he be, anfwered the Barber, 
but the famous Don- Duixote of the Mancha , the righter 
of wrongs, the redreffer of iniuries , the protector of Dam- | 
zels, the affrighter of Giants , and the ouercommer of bat- | 
| tails ? chat which you fay of this man, anfwered the Goate- 
heard, is very like chat which in bookes of Chiualrie is writ- 
| ten of Knights errant; who did all thofe things which yop. 
apply to this man : and yet I beleeue that cither you ieft , or 
elfe that this Gentlemans head is voide of braines. Thou art 
a great villaine, {aid Dow- Qwixote , and thou art hee whofe 
‘pate wants braines ; for mine is fullerthen the very, very 
whoores that bore thee; and faying fo, and {natching vp a 
loafe of bread that fteode by him,he caught the Goateheard 
fo furious a blow withall, as it beate his nofe flat to his face: 
but the other, who was not acquainted with fuch iefis , and 
faw how ill hee was handled, without hauing refpect to the 
Carpet, Napkins, or thofe that were cating , he leaped vporn 
Don- Durxote , and taking bold of his collar with both the 
hands, would certainely haue ftranglea him, Sancho Panca 
had not arriued atchat veryiaRant, and taking him fait be- 
hinde , had not throwen him backe onthe Table, crufhing 
difhcs, breaking plaffes,and fhedding,and overthrowing all 
thac did lie vpon it. Don- Quixote fecing himfelfe free retur- 
ned to get vpon the Goatcheard, who all befmeered with |~ 
bloud, and trampled to peeces.vnder Sanchos feete , groped 
here and there groueling as hee was for fome knife or other 
to take a bloudy reuenge withall , but che Canon & Curate 
preuented his purpofe ; and yet, by the Barbers affiftance,he 
got vnder him Dox-Qarxete, on whome hee rained fuch a 
fhower of buffets, as hee powred as much bloud fromthe 
poore Knights face, as had done from his owne: the Canon 
and Curate were ready to burftfor laughter : The Troupers 
danced fer {port ; euery one hiffed, as men ve todoe when 
Dogges fall out, and quarrel together: only Saxche Panca 
was wood, becaufe he could not get from enc of the Canons i 
Ser- 


= he Pel 


Te 


PART. Ae wittie Knight Don-Quixote, 


Seruingmen, whowith-held him ftom going to helpe his 


Matter. In conclufion , allbeing very merry , faue the cwo 
buffetants, that rugged one another extremly,they heard the 
found of a trumpet fo dolefull, as it made them turne their 


| faces towards that part from whence it feemed tocome: but 


hee that was moft troubled at the noife thereof was Don- 


‘| Qnixete; who although he was vnder the Goateheard, full 


fore againft his will,and by him exceedingly bruifed and bat« 
tered, yet faid vato him : brother Diuell (for it is impoffible 
that thou canfi bee any other, feeing that thou haft had va- 
lour & firength to fubie& my forces) I pray thee let vs make 
truce , for one onlyhoure; for the dolorous found of that 
trumpet which toucheth our cares, doth, mee thinks inuite 
mie to forme new aduenture, The Goatheard, who was weary 
of buffetting, and being beaten , left him off incoatinently, 
and Don- Quixote ftood vp, and turned himfelfe towards the 
place from whence he imagined the noifeto procecde , and 
prefently he efpyed defcending from a certaine height many 
men apparelled in white like difciplinants. The matter indeed 
was, that the clowdes had that yeere denyed to beflow their 
due on the earth, and therefore they did inflitute Rogations, 
Proceffions, and Difciplines; throughout all that Countrey, 
to defire almighty God to open the hands of his mercy, and 
to beflow fome raine vpon them : and to this effe& the peo- 
ple of a Village, neere vnto that place, came in Proceffion to 
4 devout Eremitage builded vpon one of thc hilles that inui- 
roned that Vally. : 

Den- Quixote noting the ftrange attyre of the Difcipli- 
nants, without any calling to meinorie how hee had often 
feen the like before, did forthwithimagine that it was fome 
new aduentore , and that the triall thereof only appertained 
to him, as to a Koight errant; and this his pretumption was 
fortified the more, by beleeuing that an Image which they 
carried all couered over. with blacke, was fome principall 
Lady whom thofe mifcreants and difcourteous Knights did 


e| beare away perforce. And as foone as this fell into his brain, 


ee 


he 


587 


| 588 


The delightfull Hiftorie ofthe  Panx.q 


he leaped lightly towards Roxivante, that went feeding vp 
and downe the plaines,and difmounting from bis pomell the 
bridle, and his target chat hanged thereat, hee bridled him 
inatrice; and taking his {word from Sancho , got inftantly 
vpon his horfe,and then embracing his-target,faid in a loude 
"voice to all thofe that were prefent you fhall now fee, va- 
lorous company , haw important a thing it isto haue in the 
world fuch Knights as profefle the order of Chiualrie errant: 
now I fay, you fhall difcerne by the freeing of chat good La- 
dy, who is there carryed captiue away, whether Knights ad- 
ucntpirous are to be-held in price 3 and faying fo, he Arucke 
Roxinapte with his heeles(for fpurs he had none)and mahing 
him to gallop (for it is not read in any part of this true Hi 
lorie, that Rozimante did euer pafle one formall or full car- 
reer)- he pofted to encounter the difciplanants,although the 


-hold him ,. but all was not poffible y and much leffe could he 
be detained by thefe ourcries of Sancho, faying, whether do 
you goe Sir Dow-Ousxote ? what Diuels doe you beare in 
your breft that incite you to runne thus againft the Catholike 
| faith ? fee Sir, vnfoxcuhate thet Jam, how thacis a Proceffi- 
on of difciplinants , arid that the Lady whom they beare, is 
the blefled Image of the immaculate Virgin, looke Sir what 
you doe, for at this time it may. well be faid, that you are not 
ycuknow what. But Sancho laboured in vaine, for.his Lord 
rode with fo..greedic a defire ¢o.cacoimter the white men, 
and deliuer the morning Ladie, as he heard-not a word, and 


| although he had, yet would he not then haue returned backe 


at the Kings commandement.: Being come at laft, neere to 
the Proceffion, snd Rlopping Rozsnante.( who.had. already a 
great-defire to reli himfelfe a while) ‘he {aid witha troubled 
and hoarfe vaice : O you that couer your faces, perhaps be- 
caufe you are not good men, giue care and liften to what J 
fhall fay: che firft that Rodd at this alarme were thofe which 
carryed the Image; ancone of the foure Priefls which fung 
the Litanics , beholding the Arange fhape of Don- Quixore, 


the 


Curate, Canon, and Barber did what they mightzowith- 


PaRt.4. wittie Knight Don-Qatxote. 


the leaneffe of Rozinante, and other circumftances worthy of 
| Jaughter,which he noted in our Knight,rerarned him quick- 
y this anfwere. Good Sir, if you would fay anything to vs, 
| fay itinflantly; forthefehoneft men , as you fee, are toiled 
extremely; and therefore wee cannot , nor isitreafon wee 
| fhonld fland lingring to heare any thing, if'it be not fo brief, 
| as.itanay be detiuered in two words; I will-{ay.icin one, aid’ 
Don: Qusxote, and it is chis, that you'doe forth with give li- 
bertie to that beautifull Lady, . whofe ceares & pittifull fem- 
blance cleerely denote , that you carry her away againft her 
will, and haue donc het fome notable initrie 3 and], who 
was borne to right fuch wrongs, will nev perinit ker to pafle: 
one flep forward, vatill thee be wholly poffeffed of ‘the free- 
dome fhee doth fo much defire antd:deferue, All chofe that 
overheard Don- Duixote, gathered by.his words chat he was 
fome diflrated man; and therefore bepanne to laugh very 
| harcily, which nse Sea par to adde gun-powder to his 
choler; for laying his hand on his fword without any more 
words,he prefently affaulted the Image-carriers; one where- 
of leaving the cherge of che burden to his.fellowes,came out 
to'encounter-the Knight with a wooden forke (whereon he 
fupported the beere whenfoeuer they made a fland) and re- 
ceiuing ypon it a great blow which Dom- Daina: difchar- 
ged at him, it parted the forke in two ; and yet hee with the | 
pecce that remained iti his hand reourned the Kaight fuch:a‘| 
thwacke vpon the thoulder, on the fword fide, as-histarget: 
not being able to make refittanceagaint thatrufticall force,’ 
poure Ddn- Osixete wis ouerthrowen to. the ground,and 
extremelybruifed,- @°') Ft 
Sancho P ance: (who: tad followed. him, puffing and: 
— as faft'as heeould). eine himxenerthcowne cryed 
.| to his adnerfary chat hee thould Arike him no more ¢ for hee 
‘as a poore ichaunted Kniphe, that had nouer ell the daies 
of his life done any man harme: but that which detained te 
fwaine was not Sanches outdttes, bus to fee that Don- Onix- 
ote flirred neither hand nor foote, and’ therefore belecuing 


—oehar 


$90 The delightful Hiftorie of the Panrr.4f' 
ee, 
that he had flaine him, hee tucked vp his coate to his gyrdle 
as foone as he could, and fled away through the fields like a 
Deere. In the meane while Don-Qnixotes companions 
did haften to the place where hee lay, when thofe of the 
Proceflion feeing them (but principally the froupers of the 
holy Brotherhood with-their Croffe-bowes) runne to- 
wards them, did feare fome difaltrous fuccefle ; and there 
fore chey gathered together in a troupe about the Image, 
and lifting vp their hoods, and laying fa hold on theit 
whips, and the Priefles on their Tapers , they attended the 
| affaule, with refolution both to defend themfelues » and of- 
fend the aflaylants ifthey might: but fortune difpofed the 
matter better then they expected; for Sancho did nothing 
elfe then throw himfelfe on his Lords body, making ouer | 
:him the moft dolerous and ridiculous lamentation of the 
| world, and beleeuing that hee was dead. The Curate was 
_knowen by the other Curate that came in the proceffion; 
aad their acquaintance appeafed the conceiued feare of the 
'| two {quadrons, The firft Curate in two words, che other 
iwith what Don- Quixote was, and therefore he , and all the 
crew: of the difciplinants went ouer to fee, whether the 
|-poore Knight were dead or alive; and then might heare 

‘Sancho Ranca, with the teares in his eyes,beway ing him in 
thismaner. O flower of Chiuslrie,who haft heh blow 
alone ended the Carreere of thy {0 well beftowed Peeres ; 
: O renowme of thislinage, thy honour and glorie of all the 
Ad ancha, yea and of all the world béfide ; which ceing it 
waaceth thee, thall remaine full of mifcreants , fecure from 
being not punithed for their mifdeedes, O liberall beyond 
all dlexanders, {ccing thou hall given mee , for on ely for 
eight moneths feruice, the beft Hapd that the Sea docth 
compafie or ingist. O humble to the proude,and Rately to 
| the humbled, vodertaker of perils, indurer of affronts, ena- 
moured without caufe, imitator of yood men , whip of the 
cuill, enemie of the wicked, and in conclufien » Knight Er- 
fant, then which no greater thing may be faid, 


eae 


PART.4. wittie Knight Don-Qarxote. 


Don- Quixotewas called againe to himfelfc by Sancho his 
out-cries, and then the firft word that euer he fyake was;he 
that liues abfented from thee molt {weete Dulcinea, is fub- 
ie€t to greater mifcries then this shelpe me friend Sanc%o to 
| get vp intothe inchanted Chariot againe, for] am not in 
ae to opprefle Rozinantes Saddle , hauing this thoulder 

roken all into peeces,that will. I doe with-a very good wil, 
iny deere Lord, replied the Squire; and Jet vs returne to my 
village, in companie of thofe Gentlemen, which defire your 
| welfare fo much; & there we will take order for fome other 
voyage, which may bee more profitable, and famous then 
this hath beene , thou fpeakeft reafonably Sancho replied 
Don- Quixote, and it will bee a grea wifedome to let oucr- 
paffe the croffe afpe& of thofe Planets that raigne at this 
prefent. The Canon, Curate, and Barbour commended his 
refolution, and fo hauing taken delight enough in Sancho 
Paneas fimplicitie, they placed Don-Qwixore as before in 
the Teame. Fhe stpesoners returning into their former 
order did profecute their way the goateheard tooke leaue 
-ofthemall, The troupers would not ride any farther, and 

therefore the Curate fatisfied chem for the paines they had 
taken: The Cancn intreated the Curate to let him vnder- 
ftand all that fucceeded of Don- Daixoté; to wit whether he 
amended of his frenfie, or grew more diflraGted , and then 
hetooke leaue, to continue his iourney. Laftly, all of them 
departed, the Curate, Barber, Don- Daixete, Sancho Panca, 
and the good ‘Rezssante onely remaining behind, Then 
the waineman yoked his Oxen, and accommodated the 
Knivht on a bottle of Hay ; and afterward followed on in 
his. wonted low maner,that way which the Curate directed. 
At the end of two dayes they arrived to Dom- Qnixotes Vil- 
lage, into which they entred about noone; this befellona 
Sunday, when all the people were in the Market flead, 
through the middle whereof Don- Quixetes Cart did paffe: 
all ot them drew neere to fee what came init, and when 


they knew their Countrie man, they were maruciloufly a+] 
Ronifhed: 


{ . 
ee 
- §92 The delightfull Hiftorie of the Par ry 
| (tonifhed: the whilf a little boy ranne home before , to tell 
| the old wife and the Knights nice,that their Lord and yncle 
| wasreturned, very leane, pale, dishgured, and ftretcht all 
along ona bundell of hay. 
It would haue moued one to compafsion to haue heard 
the lamentations ,and out-cries,then raifd by the two good 
women; the blowes they gaue themfelues, and the curfes 
and execrations which they powred out againit all Bookes 
of Knighthood , all which was againe renewed, when they 
faw Don- Quixote himafelfe centred in at their doores, At 
the newes of this his arriuall , Sancho Pancas wife repaired 
allo to get fome tidings of her goodman; for fhee had lear- 
ned thathe was gone away with the Knight, co ferue him 
as his Squire , and as foone aseuer thee faw her husband, 
the queition fhee asked him was, whether the Affe were in 
health or no. Sanche an{wered that hee was come in better 
health then his Mafter : God be thanked quoth fhee, who 
hath done me fo great a fauour, but tell me now friend, 
| what profit haft chou reaped by this thy Squirefhip ? What 
| Peticote haft thoubrought me home ? What fhooes for thy 
| little boyes? I bring none of thefe things good wife, quoth 

Sancho, although I brmg other things of mére momenr, 
| e(ftmation: Lam very plad of that, quoth his wife; thew 
| me thofe things of more moment & cftimation good friend, 

for I would faine fee them,to the end that this heart of mine 
may be cheered, which hath beene fo {wollen and forrow- 
full, all the time of thine abfence? Thou thalt fee them at 
home quoth Sancho, and therfore reft fatishied for this time; 
| for andit pleafe God,that we tranaile once againe to feeke 

aduentures, thou fhalt fee me fhortly after an Earle,or Go- 
| uccnour of an Jland, and that, not eucry ordinarie one nei- 

ther, but ofone of the beftin the world. I pray God huf- 
bund itmay be fo, (replied thee) for wee haue very yrcac 
necdc of ir, But what meanes that Hand, for] vnderntand 
not the word, Honny is notmade for the Affes month, 
quoth Saxcho: wifechau.fhale know it in good tume,yca,& 


i) 


|Par r.4. wittie Knight Don-Qurxote. 


(hale wonder, to heare the title of Ladifhip giuen thee by 
all thy vaffalles, what is that thou {peakelt,Sancho,of Lord- 


fhips, Ilands, and vaffalles ? Anfwered Joan Panca (for fo | 


was thee called , although her husband and fhee were not 
kinsfolke; but by reafon that in the AZancha the wiues are 
vfually called atter their husbands furname) doe not bufie 
thy felfe Joa2, quoth Sancho to know thofe things on fuch 
a fuddaine; let it fuffice that I cell thee the truch, and there- 
withall fow vp thy mouth, I will onely fay thus much vnto 
thee, as it were by the way, that there is nothitig in the 
world fo pleafant as for an honeft man to be the Squire of a 
Knight Errant, that feeke aduentures,it is very true,thae the 
ereateft number of aduenturers found out,fucceeded not to 
a mans fatisfaGtions fo muchas he would defire: for ofa 
hundred chat are incountred, the ninetie and nine are wont 


| to be croffe and vntoward ones;I know it by experience,for 


I have come away my felfe out of fome of thé well canuaf- | 


fed,and out of others well beaten. But yet for all that itis a 
fine thing to expect events, trauerfe groues, fearch woods, 
treade on rockes, vifite Caftles, and lodge in Innes ata 
mans pleafure, without paying the diuell acrofle, 

All thefe difcourfes pafled betweene Sancho Panca, and 


his wife Joan Paxca, whilft the old woman,and Don-Qnix- 


otes Niece did receiue him , put. off his clothes , and lay him 
downe in his ancient bed: hee looked vpon them very ear- 


| nefily, and could not conieCture where he was, The Curate 


een engrave 


charged the Niece to cherifh her Vncle verycarefully, and 
that they fhou!d look wel that he made not the third efcape; 
relating at large all the adoe that they had had to bring him 
home. Here both the women renewed their exclamations: 
cheir execrations of al] bookes of Knighthood herecame to 
be reiterated :herethcy befought heauen to throw downe 
into the very Center of the bottomleffe pit,the outcries of fo 
many lies and rauings. Finally,they remained perplcxed and 
timerous,that th: y (hould loole againe their Mafter and Vn- 
cle, as foone as he was any thing recoucred; andirbefelliatt 

25 


———— 


ee ne 


The delightfull Hiflorée of the Part.4 


as they fufpectcd: but'the Authour of this hiftorie,althoogh 

he haue with all diligence and coriofitie inquired after the 

A@s atchicued by Don-Ouixote in his third {allie co feeke 

aduentures, yet could he neuer attaine (at leaft by authenti- 

call writings ) to any notice of chem : Only fame hath left io 
the memories of the Mancha, that Don- Quixote, after his 

third efcape , was at Garagoca;.and prefent af cercaine fa- 

mous iufts nade in that Cittie ; and that therein befell him 

euents moft worthy of his valour and goad wit. But of his 

end hee could finde nothing’, nor euer fhould haue knowne 
ought, if good fortune had not offered to his view an old 

Phifition, who had in his cuflodie aleaden box, which as he 

affirmed, was found in the ruincs of an old Eremitage , as ic 

was a repairing ; in which box were certaine ferolles of 
Parchement written in with Gothicad/ Characters, but con- 

taining Caftilian Verfes, which comprehended many of his 

A&s, and {pecified Daleines of Tobofo her beautie,decyphe- 
red Reximante , and intrcated of Sancho Pancas fidelity ; as 
alfo of Dox- Quixotes Sepulchre, with fundry Epitaphes,and 
ais , of his life and manners , and thofe chat could bee 
read and copied out throughly, were thofe that are here fer 

downe by the faithfull Authour of this new and ynmatched 

relation, Which Authour demaunds of the Readers noo- 
ther guerdon, in regard of his huge trauaile {pent in the 
fearch of all the old records of the ALancha , for the bring 

| ing thereof vato light, but that they will deigne to afford it 

as much credit as difcreet men areyvont to giue vnto bookcs 
of Knighthood, which are of fo grea¢r8putation now a daies 
in the world ; for herewith he will reft moft fully contented, 

and fatisfieds and withall incouraged to publifh and feeke 
outfor other difcourfes, if not altogether fo true as this, at 
leaft of as great, both inuention, and recreation, The firft 
words wricten iu the Scrowle of Parchement,that was found 
in the leaden box, were thefe. 


The. 


> =e Va gr. 9 Phe fa te Ti ¥ 2 . 
PRAS Gage © Ay AR 
‘Ss MeN GAZ AEN 

OY : *) CA gE nw 4} 


BONS Fy ee 
The Academikes of Argamifilla, a 
Towne of the Mancha, on the life and death of the 


valorous Don- Quixote of the Mancha, 
hoc feripferunt. . 


AnEpitaphe of Monioongo the Academike 
of Argamafilla , to Don-Quixores 
SEPVLCHER. 


T He clattrng thunderbolt that did adorne 
| The Mancha, with more {poiles then lafon, Creete: 
The wit whofe wether. cocke, was [barpe as Thorne, 
| When fomewhat flatter it to be was meete. 
The arme which did bis power fo much dilate, 
As it Gaeta and Cathay did retch, 
The dreadful! Mufe, and eke difcreeteft, that 
In brazen fheetes, did praifes ener fireteh, 
He that the Amadifes left bebinde, ‘ 
And held the Gataors bat in fasall effeeme: 
Both for his brancrie and bisloning minde. 
He dumbe that made Don Belianis to feeme: 
And he that farre on Rozinante erde, 
Vnder this froxeu flone doth lye interde. 


| Paniagando an Academike of Argamafilla in praife 
of Daleines of T: obe(a. 
| SONNET, 


S” ewhich yan view with triple face and fi eene 
He brefted and couragions like a man, 
P p ™ Digh I's 


| Is tall Dulcinea of lobofo Queene, 
| Of great Quixote welbelomed than. 
He for her (ake, treadth'one and tirother fide, 
Of the browne mountaine, andthe famus fields, 
Of Montiel and Aran Tuez fe wide 
On foote alltyrde, leaden wsth {peare and fhield. 
(The fault was Rozinantes : ) O bard frarre! 
. Thatthis Manchegan Dame and worthy Knight, 
In tender yeares when people firengeft are, ¢ 
se She lost by death the glimfe of beantie bright: 
bey Asd he although in Marble richly done : . 
Co Yet lones wrath, and deceits, ‘re could mat Sounne. : 
a Cae 


ee 


wig ~ 
a A 


Caprichiolo the moft ingenious” Academicke of 
Argamafilla, in praile of Rezsmamte, Don- 
Quixote his fteede. . 


YM sonnet. 
Nto the proud, erefled Diamond frecke 
VV hich Mats with blondie plants.fo-ofren boared, 
Halfe wood with valour, the Manchegan fiucke: 
His wanving flandard: and his armesveflored, — 
Far thems, thereon he hung, and bis bright fword, 
VV herewith he hacks, rents, parts, and onerthrowess 
(New prowzffes,) towhich art muft affoord 
New files on this new Palatine to gloze, 
end if Gaule, such her Amadis does prize 
VV bofe brane difcendants bane illuftred Greece, 
end fild it full of Tropheis and of Fame: 
(Much more Bellonas Court doth folemuize 
— Quixote: whofe like im Gaule, mar Grecia is 
So honourd s none, as in Mancha, bis name. 
Let no oblinion bis glory ftaine , / 
Seeing in fuiftneffeRozinant his feede 
|  &#en Bayarde dosh, and Briliador exceede. 


Ieee hace es Burla-g. 


e 


Burlador Academucke of Argamaiilla, to 
| SANCHO Panca, «© 


SONNET. . 


His Sancho Panca is, of body litle 
But yet, O muracle ! in valour great, 
The fimpleft Squire, and footh to fay, leSt futtle 
That inthis world I fweare, lnedewer yet, 
From being an Earle, he {carce was athreeds bread, 
‘Had nat at once conspir di to croffe his guerdon, 
The malice of the times, and men mnfled 
* VV bich [carce an Affe mcountring , would him pardon, 
Upon the Itke be rode, O gine me leane 
Totell how this meeke Squire aftor the borfe 
CMild Rozinante, and his Lord did drime ! 
O ! then vaine hopes of mex, what thing is worfe ? 
VV hich proues vs, defived cafe to lend, 
Yet doe at last im (mokes onr glories end, 


Cachidiablo’ Academicke of Argamafilla, 
on Dew+Quixore his Tombe. | 


AN EPITAPH, 
on 


The worthy Knight lies there 
VV ell bruifde, but euil.andant 
VV ho borue ox Roziaante | 
Rode wases both farre and meere. 
Sancho his fasthfull Squire 
Panca yeleep'd alfo | 
Lieth befides him too: 
Jn his trade withont peere. 


oe 


: 
(ee eon - ~—eEe 
— 


| Tiquitoc Academicke of Argamafilla 


= %: ie _ Dulemea of Tobofos Sepulcher, 
<a oe 
ae eae: AN EPITAPH. 
“| A Vicinea here beneath . 
I . Lies, though of flefb fo romnd 
4o fo? wea To duff and afbes ground, 
; 2 = By fowle gmdongly death, 
s - Shee was of gentle breath, 


SN And fomewhat like a Dame, : 


: Being great Quixotes flame. 
° | And her Townes glorie, cath. 


Thefe were the Verfes that could be read, as for the reft, in 
| refpe& that they were halfe confumed and eaten away by 
a time, they were delivered to a Scholler , that hee might by 
coniectures declare their meaning : and we haue had intelli- 

 digence that hee hath done it with the coft- of many 

nights watching,and other great paines, and chat 
he meanes to publith them, and alfo piues 
hope ofa third fallie rhade byD on- 

QvIxorTE, 

aey 


Me 
2 | , 


_ FINIS. 


oe 


[ll 
= 
pees 
—~— fae 
—— 
-,_ ae 
, ay 
- 
one 
-_ 


La) 


oe a 


fl idx 
po. 
jor 
oe YA | 
| 


‘iii 4 


2 


Wty 
Fe 


a 
“ 


> 


ee 


‘ 
my 
7 

a 


~ > 
7 


‘ 


.* 


, a 


Vrs ‘ / 
POW Ay Rie os : os ee ee Nl 
. aw rr? - 7 * . 4 —— ; } , 


