\ 


Presented  to  the 

UNIVERSITY  OF  TORONTO 
LIBRARY 

by  the 

ONTARIO  LEGISLATIVE 
LIBRARY 

1980 


COLUMBIA  UNIVERSITY  STUDIES  IN  ENGLISH 
AND  COMPARATIVE  LITERATURE 


LEWIS  THEOBALD 


COLUMBIA  UNIVERSITY  PRESS 
SALES  AGENTS 

NEW  YORK 

LEMCKE  &  BUECHNER 
30-32  WEST  27ra  STREET 

LONDON 

HUMPHREY  MILFORD 
AMEN  CORNER,  E.C. 

SHANGHAI 

EDWARD  EVANS  &  SONS,  LTD. 
30  NORTH  SZECHUEN  ROAD 


**•«* 


LEWIS  THEOBABiLJ^!l 


HIS  CONTRIBUTION  TO  ENGLISH  SCHOLARSHIP 
WITH  SOME  UNPUBLISHED  LETTERS 


BY 
RICHARD  FOSTER  JONES,  PH.D. 


gorfe 

COLUMBIA  UNIVERSITY   PRESS 
1919 

All  rights  reserved 


Copyright,  1919 
BY  COLUMBIA  UNIVERSITY  PRESS 


Printed  from  type,  March,  1919 


f'R. 


TO 

THE  MEMORY  OF 

MY  FATHER  AND  MOTHER 

THIS  BOOK 

IS 
DEDICATED 


This  Monograph  has  been  approved  by  the  Department  of 
English  and  Comparative  Literature  in  Columbia  University 
as  a  contribution  to  knowledge  worthy  of  publication. 

A.  H.  THORNDIKE, 

Executive  Officer 


PREFACE 

THE  purpose  of  this  dissertation  is  two-fold:  to  give  a 
biography  of  Theobald,  and  to  establish  a  thesis.  With  the 
exception  of  one  or  two  written  before  1728,  none  of  the 
eighteenth  century  accounts  of  the  scholar  is  in  any  way 
reliable,  especially  in  matters  touching  The  Dunciad.  They 
all  present  the  same  picture  of  Theobald  as  is  found  in  the 
variorum  edition  of  Pope's  satire,  from  which,  indeed,  the 
bulk  of  their  information  was  derived.  Early  in  the  nine 
teenth  century  John  Nichols,  in  the  second  volume  of 
Illustrations  of  Literature,  produced  a  much  longer  and 
more  accurate  sketch  of  Theobald  than  had  yet  appeared, 
together  with  the  major  part  of  his  voluminous  correspond 
ence  with  Warburton.  Though  Nichols  showed  signs  of 
appreciating  the  critic's  learning  and  scholarship,  he  con 
tinued  to  accept  as  true  many  of  the  baseless  charges 
advanced  by  Pope.  The  last  century  witnessed  an  amaz 
ing  contrast  in  the  estimates  placed  upon  Theobald; 
Shakespearean  scholars,  almost  unanimously,  asserted  that 
he  was  one  of  Shakespeare's  greatest  editors,  while  the 
biographers  and  critics  of  Pope,  still  continuing  to  echo  the 
latter's  slanders,  proclaimed  the  unfortunate  man  a  dunce. 
Finally,  John  Churton  Collins,  first  in  an  essay  called  The 
For  son  of  Shakespearean  Criticism  —  which  might  better 
have  been  called  The  Bentley  of  Shakespearean  Criticism  — 
and  later  in  the  Dictionary  of  National  Biography  clearly 
established  his  greatness  as  a  scholar.  Yet  even  Mr.  Collins 
did  not  attempt  to  refute  many  of  Pope's  accusations. 
This  worthy  task  was  accomplished  by  the  late  Professor 
Lounsbury  in  The  Text  of  Shakespeare,  an  admirable  work 


X  PREFACE 

to  which  I  am  heavily  indebted.  By  minutely  investigating 
The  Dunciad  and  its  surroundings,  Professor  Lounsbury  has 
given  us  a  true  and  comprehensive  account  of  its  hero,  lay 
ing  to  rest,  once  and  for  all,  the  evil  spirits  loosed  by  Pope. 
To  his  biography  I  could  have  added  little,  had  I  not  dis 
covered  a  number  of  unpublished  letters,  written  to  Warbur- 
ton,  which  throw  some  light  on  the  period  following  the  great 
satire,  and  make  clearer  the  later  relations  of  the  two  men. 

The  thesis  that  I  attempt  to  uphold  asserts  that  the  basic 
principles  of  critical  editing  in  English  were  derived  directly 
from  the  method  employed  by  Bentley  in  the  classics.  In 
his  work  on  Shakespeare  Theobald  adapted  this  method  to 
a  new  field,  and  in  turn  was  followed  by  scholars  who  did 
not  confine  their  labors  to  the  great  dramatist.  I  have  not 
carried  my  discussion  beyond  that  remarkable  period  of 
critical  activity,  the  sixth  decade  of  the  eighteenth  century, 
because  by  1760  the  method  had  become  so  prevalent  that 
its  connection  with  Theobald  is  no  longer  apparent.  This 
fact  explains  why  I  have  not  mentioned  some  of  the  best 
known  scholars  of  the  latter  half  of  the  century  such  as 
Tyrwhitt  and  Ritson,  both  of  whom  admired  Theobald  and 
followed  his  lead.  I  think  that  it  is  necessary  only  to  show 
that  the  method  which  Theobald  derived  from  Bentley  and 
handed  on  to  succeeding  scholars  is  the  same  in  essential 
details  as  that  employed  now. 

This  dissertation  owes  its  being  to  Professor  W.  P.  Trent. 
He  first  suggested  the  possibility  of  Bentley's  influence  on 
Theobald,  and  his  abiding  confidence  in  the  thesis  later 
sustained  me  through  many  discouragements.  He  also 
read  both  manuscript  and  proof,  and  made  many  criticisms 
compliance  with  which  has  added  materially  to  the  value  of 
the  book.  I  am  also  indebted  to  Professors  A.  H.  Thorndike 
and  E.  H.  Wright  for  reading  the  manuscript  and  making 
a  number  of  helpful  suggestions.  Professor  O.  F.  Emerson 
and  Doctor  D.  H.  Miles  kindly  read  part  of  the  manuscript 


PREFACE  XI 

with  results  beneficial  to  the  work,  while  my  colleague,  Mr. 
R.  F.  Dibble,  went  through  the  whole  of  the  page  proof.  To 
the  officials  of  the  libraries  of  Columbia,  Harvard,  Yale, 
and  Western  Reserve  universities,  and  also  to  the  officials  of 
the  British  Museum,  I  wish  to  acknowledge  the  obligation 
of  many  courtesies. 

I  wish  publicly  to  express  to  my  wife  my  heartfelt  gratitude 
for  her  dear  assistance.  Besides  performing  the  tedious  and 
mechanical  tasks  necessary  to  publication,  she  was  ever 
ready  with  affectionate  sympathy  and  intelligent  criticism, 
allowing  neither  my  efforts  to  lag  nor  my  perseverance  to 
fail.  To  my  brother,  Doctor  E.  H.  Jones,  I  am  happy  to 
return  thanks  for  most  substantial  aid  in  publishing  this 
book.  Finally,  Mr.  John  J.  Lynch  of  the  Columbia  Uni 
versity  Press  has  been  of  no  small  assistance  to  me  in  matters 
with  which  I  was  not  familiar. 

R.  F.  J. 

COLUMBIA  UNIVERSITY, 
January  25,  1919. 


CONTENTS 

CHAPTER  PAGE 

I.    THEOBALD'S  EARLY  LIFE 1 

II.    THE  RAGE  FOR  EMENDING 31 

III.  SHAKESPEARE  RESTORED 61 

IV.  THE  PERIOD  OF  THE  DUNCIAD 100 

V.    THE  EDITION  OF  SHAKESPEARE 156 

VI.    THEOBALD'S  LATER  LIFE 193 

VII.    THE  PROGRESS  OF  THE  METHOD 217 

APPENDIX 

A.  BlBLIOTHECA 254 

B.  TRANSLATION  OF  BENTLET'S  HORACE 256 

C.  SOME  UNPUBLISHED  LETTERS  OF  THEOBALD 258 

D.  A  CHRONOLOGICAL  LIST  OF  THEOBALD'S  WORKS  ....  347 

INDEX  .  357 


LEWIS    THEOBALD 


CHAPTER  I 


IN  writing  the  life  of  a  man  like  Theobald  the  biographer 
would  like  to  take  up  the  story  at  the  point  where  his  hero 
first  raised  himself  above  mediocrity,  and  proved  worthy 
of  a  written  biography.  What  precedes  appears  but  a  col 
lection  of  few  and  scattered  details,  too  trivial  to  arrest 
attention,  too  dry  to  arouse  interest.  To  weave  these  un 
inspiring  facts  into  a  narrative  that  will  escape  boring  the 
reader  to  extinction  is  a  task  that  sorely  tries  one's  patience 
and  ability.  Yet  the  demands  of  modern  research  must 
justly  be  satisfied  to  the  extent  of  leaving  nothing  half  done. 
Nor  is  this  the  only  reason  for  adopting  such  a  course.  A 
single  great  achievement,  if  kept  in  mind,  induces  interest 
and  significance  in  events  that  otherwise  would  be  sur 
rendered  to  oblivion. 

On  the  other  hand,  it  is  not  necessary  to  delve  deep  into 
the  genealogical  past,  unearthing  maternal  and  paternal 
ancestors,  to  show  how  this  or  that  trait  can  be  explained. 
It  is  sufficient  for  us  to  know  that  in  the  early  part  of  1688 
Lewis  Theobald  was  born  in  Sittingbourne  in  Kent,  where, 
according  to  a  contemporary  biography,  his  father  was  an 
eminent  attorney.1  He  was  named  after  a  friend  of  the 
family,  Lewis  Watson,  Earl  of  Rockingham,  who  made 

1  "'About  1692,'  says  Nichols  and  the  biographers,  but  he  was 
baptized  on  the  2d  of  April,  1688,  as  the  parish  register  testifies."  —  J.  C. 
Collins,  Essays  and  Studies,  p.  312. 

Nichols'  mistake  is  due  to  a  wrong  date,  given  in  Giles  Jacob's 


2  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

his  namesake  companion  to  his  son,  Viscount  Sondres,  at 
a  school  conducted  by  the  Rev.  Mr.  Ellis  at  Isleworth  in 
Middlesex.  The  instruction  — and  it  must  have  been 
thorough  —  received  here  was  improved  by  a  sojourn  passed 
under  the  roof  of  his  kinsman,  John  Glanville  of  Broad- 
hurston,  Wiltshire,  at  a  time  when  he  had  "but  the  In 
digested  Learning  of  a  School-boy,  and  wanted  Judgment  to 
make  Use  of  Those  Talents  I  either  owed  to  Nature,  or  the 
Benefits  of  my  education."  2  It  was  in  appreciation  of  this 
kindness  that  Theobald  dedicated  his  first  attempt  at  poetry, 
a  Cowleyan  Pindaric  in  praise  of  the  union  of  Scotland  and 
England  —  a  sample  of  which  is  given  us  by  the  late  Pro 
fessor  Lounsbury 3  —  as  well  as  his  translation  of  Aris 
tophanes'  Clouds. 

At  some  date  not  later  than  1708  Theobald  removed  to 
London,  where  he  followed  his  father's  profession.  His 
practice,  however,  which  was  more  profitable  in  the  latter 
part  of  his  life,  was  neither  so  interesting  nor  extensive  as 
to  prevent  his  engaging  in  various  literary  activities,  the 
most  noteworthy  of  which  were  translations.  His  knowl 
edge  of  the  classics  was  sufficient  to  recommend  him  to 
Bernard  Lintot,  "a  no  inconsiderable  patron  of  literature 
and  an  enterprising  bookseller,"  who  in  1713  paid  Theo 
bald  five  guineas  for  a  translation  of  Plato's  Phaedo.4  Earlier 
in  the  year  the  translator  had  taken  advantage  of  the  great 
popularity  of  Cato  to  publish  a  life  of  the  Roman  hero,5 

Poetical  Register,  of  the  acting  of  The  Persian  Princess,  in  the  preface 
to  which  Theobald  said  it  was  written  and  acted  before  he  was  nine 
teen  years  old.  The  date  given  by  Jacob  is  1710.  See  Nichols, 
Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  pp.  707-708. 

2  Dedication  to  his  translation  of  the  Clouds,  1715. 

1  Lounsbury,  Text  of  Shakespeare,  p.  125. 

4  Plato's  Dialogue  of  the  Immortality  of  the  Soul.  Translated  from 
the  Greek  by  Mr.  Theobald,  1713. 

6  The  Life  and  Character  of  Marcus  Portius  Cato  Uticensis: 
MDCCXIII. 


THEOBALD  S   EARLY   LIFE  6 

and  to  push  his  advantage  farther  translated  this  dialogue 
of  Plato,  "it  being  the  very  treatise,  which  Cato  read  no 
less  than  twice  before  he  killed  himself." 

The  same  year  Theobald  entered  into  a  contract  with 
Lintot  to  translate  all  of  the  tragedies  of  Aeschylus  for  the 
modest  sum  of  ten  guineas,  a  contract  that  developed  into 
his  most  ambitious  attempt  in  this  kind  of  work.  Be 
ginning  with  the  purpose  of  merely  translating  the  Greek, 
by  1736  he  was  entertaining  the  idea  of  publishing  the  text, 
with  notes  and  emendations,  on  the  opposite  page  to  the 
translation.  Though  none  of  the  plays  was  published,  evi 
dence  seems  to  show  that  the  work  was  completed  a  year 
or  two  after  the  contract  was  made,  for  in  a  note  to  verse 
six  of  his  translation  of  Electro,  (1714)  he  says,  "I  shall  refer 
the  reader  for  it  [the  story  of  lo]  to  my  Prometheus  of 
Aeschylus,  which  will  shortly  be  published,"  while  in  the 
notes  to  his  rendition  of  Oedipus  (1714)  he  speaks  of  his 
translation  of  the  Seven  Captains  against  Thebes.6  Some 
eight  or  ten  years  later  Theobald  issued  proposals  to  publish 
the  tragedies  by  subscription,  setting  the  date  of  publica 
tion  for  April,  1724.  At  the  end  of  Shakespeare  Restored 
he  found  it  necessary  to  apologize  to  his  subscribers  for  the 
delay,  offering  as  compensation  the  fact  that  he  had  been  at 
additional  expense  in  procuring  copper  plates  for  each  volume, 
and  that  in  his  dissertation  to  be  prefixed  to  the  translation 
he  designed  a  complete  history  of  the  ancient  stage  in  all 
its  branches. 

6  Two  selections  from  it  were  indeed  published.  The  first,  con 
sisting  of  two  passages,  appeared  in  Theobald's  periodical,  the  Censor. 
The  second,  entitled  "The  Siege  From  a  Chorus  of  Aeschylus,"  appeared 
in  The  Grove,  a  miscellany  compiled  by  Theobald  in  1721.  This  seems 
to  be  all  that  was  ever  published,  although  later  Dennis,  in  Remarks 
on  the  Dunciad,  speaks  of  having  seen  a  specimen.  Giles  Jacob  is 
authority  for  the  statement  that  Theobald  completed  the  transla 
tion  of  all  seven  tragedies.  Poetical  Register,  vol.  1,  p.  259. 


4  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

With  the  success  of  Shakespeare  Restored  and  the  conse 
quent  incentive  to  continue  work  on  Shakespeare,  Theobald 
must  have  found  little  opportunity  for  the  farther  prosecu 
tion  of  the  undertaking  at  this  time.  But  no  longer  was 
this  lapse  allowed  to  pass  unnoticed.  When  The  Dunciad 
was  published,  this  line  appeared, 

And,  last,  his  own  cold  ^Eschylus  took  fire. 

and  a  note  on  the  line  in  the  editions  of  1729  read  :  "He  had 
been  (to  use  an  expression  of  our  poet)  about  Aeschylus  for 
ten  years,  and  had  received  subscriptions  for  the  same,  but 
then  went  about  other  books."  7  For  such  criticism  Pope 
had  only  the  specimen  in  The  Censor  upon  which  to  base  his 
belief.  In  a  note  to  another  line  in  The  Dunciad  he  sought 
to  disparage  Theobald's  translation,8  and  continued  his 
attacks  in  The  Grub-street  Journal.  In  one  number  Theobald 
is  accused  of  bad  faith  in  the  collection  of  subscriptions,9 
and  in  another  he  is  warned  of  failure  by  being  reminded  of 
the  poor  success  of  his  translation  of  Aristophanes.10 

But  he  still  persisted  in  his  purpose,  growing  more  ambi 
tious  as  time  went  by.  In  his  edition  of  Shakespeare  u 
he  speaks  of  his  forthcoming  translation  of  Aeschylus,  and 
in  a  letter  to  Warburton,  March  5,  1734,  he  comments  on 
errors  in  Stanley's  edition,  with  the  assurance  that  he  sees 
a  method  of  correcting  the  text  on  the  basis  of  the  corre 
spondence  of  antistrophe  and  strophe.  A  few  months  later, 

7  Bk.  I,  1.  210.  The  note  continues:  "The  character  of  this  Tragic 
Poet  is  fire  and  boldness  in  a  high  degree,  but  our  author  supposes  it 
cooled  by  the  translation;  upon  sight  of  a  specimen  of  which  was 
made  this  Epigram, 

Alas!  poor  Aeschylus!   unlucky  dog! 
Whom  once  a  Lobster  kill'd,  and  now  a  Log." 
*  Bk.  Ill,  1.  311  of  the  editions  of  1729. 

9  Grub-street  Journal,  No.  59,  October  6,  1730. 

10  Idem,  No.  37,  September  17,  1730. 

11  Vol.  7,  p.  44. 


THEOBALD'S  EARLY  LIFE  5 

in  a  letter  to  Sir  Hans  Sloane,  soliciting  a  subscription  to 
his  Aeschylus,  he  says  that  he  has  been  advised  to  put  on 
the  opposite  page  to  the  translation  the  Greek  text,  which  he 
thinks  can  be  corrected  with  great  certainty,  especially 
since  he  is  fortunate  in  having  a  collation  of  the  Laurentian 
manuscript  made  for  him  by  Dr.  Conyers  Middleton.  This 
enlargement  of  plan,  to  be  sure,  increased  the  burden  of  the 
undertaking,  and  we  find  Theobald  showing  signs  of  weary 
ing.  On  February  12,  1734,  he  writes,  "By  God's  leave  I 
mean  to  print  that  work  off  this  ensuing  summer."  And 
again,  October  18,  1735,  he  hopes  "in  God"  Aeschylus  shall 
appear  in  the  spring.  But  the  only  results  of  this  enter 
prise  that  are  left  us  are  the  few  selections  mentioned  above, 
some  emendations  contributed  to  a  magazine  of  the  day, 
and  those  of  his  notes  written  in  his  Stanley,  which  Bloom- 
field  used  in  his  edition  of  the  Greek  dramatist. 

Of  Theobald's  other  translations  we  have  more  remains. 
In  the  spring  of  1714  he  entered  into  another  contract  with 
Lintot  to  translate  the  whole  of  the  Odyssey,  and  the  Oedipus 
Tyrannus,  Oedipus  Coloneus,  Trachiniae,  and  Philoctetes  of 
Sophocles,  together  with  explanatory  notes,  into  English 
blank  verse.  He  also  contracted  to  translate  the  satires 
and  epistles  of  Horace  into  English  rhyme.  For  the  trans 
lations  of  Homer  and  Sophocles  he  was  to  receive  fifty  shil 
lings  for  every  four  hundred  and  fifty  lines,  while  for  Horace 
the  price  was  one  guinea  for  every  one  hundred  and  twenty 
lines.12  While  Theobald  may  have  translated  the  four 
tragedies  mentioned  above,  only  one,  the  Oedipus  Tyrannus, 

12  "All  these  articles  were  to  be  performed  according  to  the  time 
specified,  under  the  penalty  of  £50  on  the  default  of  either  party." 
Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  708. 

In  a  footnote  on  this  passage  Nichols  says,  "These  particulars 
appear  from  Lintot's  Accompt-Book :  but  the  entry  respecting  the 
Odyssey  has  a  line  drawn  through  it,  as  if  the  agreement  had  been 
afterwards  canceled." 


6  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

was  published.13  The  next  year,  however,  Lintot  pub 
lished  a  translation  by  Theobald  of  a  play  of  Sophocles, 
the  Electro,,  not  mentioned  in  the  contract.14  This  was 
dedicated  to  Addison,  whose  friendship  the  translator  en 
joyed. 

By  the  same  publisher  there  was  issued  a  translation  of 
Ajax  15  which  later  biographers  of  Theobald  have  attributed 
to  hmi.  The  only  evidence  for  such  an  attribution  seems 
to  be  a  line  in  The  Dunciad,  which  reads 

And  last,  a  little  Ajax  tips  the  spire. 

and  a  note  on  this  line,  "In  duodecimo,  translated  from 
Sophocles  by  Tibbald."  16  Jacob,  in  his  Poetical  Register, 
although  mentioning  the  Oedipus  and  Electra,  as  well  as  the 
two  plays  from  Aristophanes,  makes  no  mention  of  a  trans 
lation  of  Ajax.  Neither  does  Nichols  in  his  account  of 
Theobald.  The  Biographia  Dramatica  (1782)  not  only 
fails  to  attribute  any  such  work  to  Theobald,  but  definitely 
states  that  the  translation  was  made  by  Mr.  Rowe,  and 
on  another  page,  that  the  Ajax  is  said,  in  the  second  volume, 
p.  190,  of  Hughes'  letters,  to  have  been  translated  by  a  Mr. 
Jackson.17  Hughes  was  in  a  position  to  know,  inasmuch 
as  he  was  associated  with  Rowe  in  a  translation  of  the 
Pharsalia.  In  a  list  of  books  printed  for  Lintot,  found  at 
the  back  of  the  translation  of  Electra,  there  is  advertised 
a  translation  of  Antigone  and  the  notes  to  Ajax,  both  by  Mr. 
Rowe.  There  is  no  record  that  Theobald  was  ever  assisted, 

18  Oedipus,  King  of  Thebes:  A  Tragedy.  Translated  from  Sophocles, 
with  Notes  By  Mr.  Theobald.  London,  1715. 

14  Electra:     A    Tragedie.     Translated  from   Sophocles,    with   Notes. 
London,  1715. 

15  Ajax  of  Sophocles.     Translated  from  the  Greek,  with  Notes.    London, 
1714. 

»  Editions  of  1729,  Bk.  1, 1.  42. 

17  Biographia  Dramatica,  vol.  1,  p.  5,  and  vol.  2,  p.  253. 


THEOBALD'S  EARLY  LIFE  7 

or  needed  to  be,  in  any  of  his  translations.18  Since  Pope 
in  search  of  material  for  the  Duntiad  investigated  its  hero's 
past  with  some  thoroughness,  he  must  have  learned  of  his 
adversary's  translations  for  Lintot.  Hence  he  would 
naturally  suppose  that  an  anonymous  translation  of  one  of 
Sophocles'  plays,  published  at  this  time  and  by  Theobald's 
publisher,  came  from  the  pen  of  his  enemy. 

It  is  possible  that  Theobald  translated  all  the  plays  con 
tracted  for.  There  is  no  evidence  of  the  contract  having 
been  canceled.  One  of  the  translations  was  published, 
and  a  selection  from  another,  the  Philoctetes,  appeared  in 
The  Grove  under  the  title,  "  Description  of  the  Plague  at 
Thebes,  and  Invocation  of  the  Gods  to  their  Assistance, 
from  a  Chorus  of  Sophocles."  In  the  "  Publisher  to  the 
Reader,"  prefixed  to  the  translation  of  Ajax,  Lintot  says, 

I  have  by  me  the  tragedies  of  Aeschylus,  Sophocles,  and  Eu 
ripides,  translated  into  English  blank  verse;  they  are  all,  as  I  have 
been  assured  by  several  gentlemen  of  allow'd  judgment  in  these 
matters,  very  exactly  done  from  the  Greek. 

Then  he  continues  to  speak  of  the  literalness  of  the  transla 
tions,  and  the  critical  and  philological  notes,  adding, 

I  have  given  the  public  the  Ajax  of  Sophocles  as  a  specimen  of 
my  undertaking.  If  they  think  fit  to  encourage  it,  I  intend  to  give 
'em  one  every  month,  till  I  have  gone  through  all  the  Greek 
Tragedies. 

It  is  almost  certain  that  Theobald  translated  Aeschylus.  The 
four  tragedies  of  Sophocles  he  contracted  to  translate,  plus 
his  Electro, ,  plus  the  Antigone,  advertised  as  being  by  Mr. 
Howe,  and  plus  the  Ajax,  by  Jackson  and  Rowe,  give  us 

18  The  single  copy  of  this  translation  in  the  British  Museum  is 
entered  in  the  catalogue  under  Sophocles,  N.  Rowe,  and  Jackson,  as 

being  translated  by  J.,  assisted  by  Mr.  Rowe.     But  it  is  also 

entered  under  Theobald's  name. 


8  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

all  the  tragedies  of  Sophocles.  Furthermore,  we  have 
Theobald's  own  statement  that  he  had  little  time  for  any 
thing  but  translation  in  and  about  1714.19 

The  success  of  the  translations  published  must  not  have 
been  such  as  to  warrant  Lintot  in  carrying  out  his  ambitious 
undertaking.  Perhaps  Pope's  translation  of  Homer,  the 
proposals  for  which  appeared  in  October,  1713,  interfered 
with  it  also.  The  next  April  Theobald  contracted  with 
Lintot  to  translate  the  Odyssey,  the  publisher  doubtless 
hoping  to  profit  by  the  interest  in  Homer  aroused  by  Pope's 
proposals.  But  in  November,  1714,  Lintot  received,  at  a 
very  high  price,  the  contract  for  publishing  the  Iliad,  the 
fulfillment  of  which  must  have  left  him  little  tune  or  in 
clination  for  any  other  of  the  classics.  For  his  translations 
from  Aristophanes,  1715,  we  find  Theobald  turning  to 
another  publisher.  Later,  with  Tickell  threatening  a 
version  of  The  Odyssey,  it  seems  probable  that  Lintot  put 
forth  one  book  of  Theobald's  translation  as  a  feeler.20  Pro 
fessor  Lounsbury  demolished  the  theory  advanced  by  some 
that  Theobald's  rendition  of  the  Odyssey  accounts  for  his 
place  in  The  Dunciad,  but  I  can  hardly  agree  with  him  in 
thinking  the  work  was  stopped  because  of  lack  of  sub 
scriptions.21  It  was  begun  by  contract,  and  the  appear 
ance  of  one  book  was  due,  perhaps,  to  Lintot's  desire  to 
see  if  the  publication  of  the  whole  would  be  worth  while. 
Unfortunately  there  does  not  seem  to  be  extant  a  copy  of 
this  production.  It  was,  probably,  in  connection  with 

«  "I  am  so  deeply  engaged  in  the  Translation  of  Works  of  more 
Moment,  that  I  had  no  Time  to  throw  away  in  Amendments."  Pref 
ace  to  The  Persian  Princess,  1715. 

20  Nichols  (Literary  Anecdotes,  vol.  1,  p.  80)  gives  November,  1716, 
as  the  date  of  publication,  while  Pope  says  1717  (Dunciad,  1729,  note 
on  Bk.  I,  1.  106).    Gibber  agrees  with  Nichols.     (Lives  of  the  Poets, 
vol.  5,  p.  287.) 

21  Lounsbury,  Text  of  Shakespeare,  pp.  133,  134. 


THEOBALD'S  EARLY  LIFE  9 

his  translation  of  the  Odyssey  that  Theobald  in  1714  trans 
lated  a  French  treatise  on  the  Iliad,  an  offshoot  of  the  con 
troversy  in  France  between  the  ancients  and  moderns.22 
After  breaking  with  Lintot,  Theobald  did  not  give  up 
his  idea  of  translating  certain  of  the  classics.  He  turned 
from  tragedy  to  comedy,  and  in  1715  appeared  his  English 
versions  of  Aristophanes'  Clouds  and  Plutus,  the  first  dedi 
cated  to  his  kinsman,  John  Glanville,  and  the  second  to 
the  Duke  of  Argyle.23  In  a  prefatory  discourse  Theobald 
says,  "If  these  find  an  Acceptation  sufficient  to  Encourage 
my  Attempt,  I  have  a  Design  on  some  of  the  rest,  that 
have  equal  Charms  of  Humour  and  Sprightliness."  No 
other  comedy  appeared,  however.  A  contributor  to  the 
Grub-street  Journal,  in  speaking  of  the  folly  of  translating 
classic  poets  into  English  prose,  remarks, 

And  yet  I  am  told  that  Mr.  Theobald  has  a  translation  of  even 
Aeschylus  himself,  whether  in  prose  or  verse  I  don't  know,  ready 
for  the  press;  not  deterr'd  from  the  ill  success  his  translation  of 
Aristophanes  had.24 

In  later  years  when,  owing  largely  to  the  influence  of  The 
Dundad,  it  had  become  the  custom  to  sneer  at  Theobald, 
his  translations  were  subject  to  further  attacks.  In  1742 
Henry  Fielding  and  William  Young  issued  a  translation  of 
Plutus,  in  the  preface  to  which  it  is  insinuated  that  Theobald 

22  A  Critical  Discourse  upon  the  Iliad  of  Homer:    written  in  French 
by  Monsieur  de  la  Motte,  a  Member  of  the  French  Academy;  and  translated 
into  English  by  Mr.  Theobald.     1714. 

Professor  Lounsbury  (p.  132)  comments  on  the  scarcity  of  this 
work.  A  copy  was  advertised  in  a  recent  catalogue  of  P.  J.  &  A.  E. 
Dobell  of  London. 

23  The  Clouds.    A  Comedy.    Translated  from  the  Greek  of  Aristophanes. 
By  Mr.  Theobald.    London,  MDCCXV. 

Plutus:  or  the  World's  Idol.  A  Comedie.  Translated  from  the 
Greek  of  Aristophanes.  By  Mr.  Theobald.  London,  1715. 

24  Grub-street  Journal,  No.  37,  September  17,  1730. 


10  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

did  not  understand  Aristophanes,  and  that  his  version  was 
taken  almost  entirely  from  a  French  translation  by  Madame 
Dacier,  issued  in  1692.25 

I  own  we  have  more  to  answer  to  the  lady  than  to  Mr.  Theobald 
who,  being  a  critic  of  great  nicety  himself,  and  great  diligence  in 
correcting  mistakes  in  others,  cannot  be  offended  at  the  same 
treatment.  Indeed  there  are  some  parts  of  his  work,  which  I 
should  be  more  surprized  at,  had  he  not  informed  us  in  his  dedica 
tion,  that  he  was  assisted  in  it  by  M.  Dacier.  We  are  not  there 
fore  much  to  wonder,  if  Mr.  Theobald  errs  a  little,  when  we  find 
his  guide  going  before  out  of  the  way. 

While  it  may  appear  significant  that  the  only  plays  trans 
lated  by  Theobald  were  those  rendered  into  French  by 
Madame  Dacier,  yet  he  showed  a  readiness  to  go  on  with  the 
rest,  had  these  first  two  plays  succeeded.  His  later  emenda 
tions  of  Aristophanes  prove  conclusively  that  he  was  master 
of  the  Greek.  In  places  he  does  follow  the  French  rather 
closely,  but  in  the  dedication  he  admits  as  much,  excusing 
himself  on  the  ground  that  since  he  is  trying  to  make  his 
readers  understand  Aristophanes,  he  is  entitled  to  all  the 
help  possible.  All  through  their  notes  Fielding  and  Young 
sneer  at  Theobald  as  " pious,"  "M.  Dacier's  good  friend," 
and  the  like.  When  he  refuses  to  be  absolutely  literal,  as 
in  the  phrase  " sharpen-eyed  as  an  eagle,"  instead  of  "as  a 
lynx,"  they  ridicule  him  for  not  translating  correctly ;  where 
his  and  Madame  Dacier's  translations  agree,  they  accuse 
him  of  translating  the  French  and  not  the  Greek.  What 
they  translate  " sweetmeats"  and  Madame  Dacier  " con 
fitures,"  Theobald  translates  "sugar-plums"  and  is  ac 
cused  of  following  the  French.  The  whole  attack  is  unjust 
and  unsupported  by  a  comparison  of  the  French  and  English 
translations.  Many  of  the  words  Theobald  is  accused  of 

25  Cf.  Professor  Lounsbury's  Remarks  on  Disraeli's  doubt  of  Theo 
bald's  knowledge  of  Greek.     Text  of  Shakespeare,  p.  133. 


11 

taking  over  from  the  French  may  just  as  well  have  come  from 
the  Greek. 

Of  the  satires  and  epistles  of  Horace  no  translation  ap 
peared,  and  Theobald's  only  work  in  the  Latin  poets  was 
a  version  of  the  first  book  of  Ovid's  Metamorphoses,  a  poet 
who  was  almost  as  popular  as  Horace.  There  is  no  copy 
of  such  a  translation  now,  but  Jacob  mentions  it,  and  John 
Dennis,  while  smarting  under  the  appellation  of  "Furius" 
which  Theobald  had  imposed  upon  him  in  The  Censor, 
speaks  of  the  latter  having  "  lately  burlesqued  the  Meta 
morphoses  of  Ovid  by  a  vile  Translation."  26  Inasmuch  as 
circumstances  largely  controlled  Theobald's  literary  activi 
ties,  this  translation  may  have  been  a  product  of  the  interest 
in  Ovid  excited  by  Dry  den  and  promoted  by  Garth. 

While  Theobald's  next  work  in  the  classics  is  not  a  trans 
lation,  it  is  well  to  consider  it  under  that  head.  This  is  an 
historical  romance  garnered  from  Galen,  Appian,  Lucian, 
Julian,  and  Valerius  Maximus.27  The  author  says  he  first 
thought  of  making  a  play  of  this  subject,  but  after  reading 
Corneille's  Antiochus  decided  it  would  make  a  better  narra 
tive  than  drama.  He  treats  the  story  rather  freely,  changing 
the  parts  he  thinks  necessary  to  make  Christian  readers 
better  understand  it.  The  last  translation  of  Theobald, 
the  Hero  and  Leander  of  the  mythical  Musaeus,  appeared 
in  The  Grove,  1721.  In  this  same  miscellany  appeared  the 
selections  from  Aeschylus  and  Sophocles  spoken  of  above, 
and  also  an  imitation  of  the  twenty-first  idyl  of  Theocritus, 
entitled  "The  Fisherman;  A  Tale."  These  contributions 
do  not  merit  critical  comment. 

A  modern  critic  calls  Theobald's  translations  meritorious, 
and  speaks  of  the  "free  and  spirited  blanck  verse"  of  the 

26  Remarks  of  Pope's  Homer,  p.  9;    quoted  in  Nichols,  Illustrations 
of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  719. 

27  The  History  of  the  Loves  of  Antiochus  and  Stratonice:  London,  1719. 


12 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


version  of  Sophocles  and  the  "  vigorous  and  racy  colloquial 
prose"  of  the  rendition  of  the  two  plays  of  Aristophanes.28 
But  not  many  years  after  his  death  there  was  an  attempt 
to  depreciate  the  worth  of  his  work.  The  effect  of  The 
Dunciad  grew  with  the  years,  and  Pope's  slanders  were 
perpetuated  by  Warburton  and  Johnson.  In  1753  Thomas 
Franklin,  Fellow  of  Trinity  College  and  Greek  Professor 
in  the  University  of  Cambridge,  issued  proposals  for  trans 
lating  Sophocles  into  English  blank  verse.  These  proposals 
were  printed  at  the  end  of  a  rather  long  poem  called  Trans 
lation,29  a  satire  upon  translations  and  translators  in  general, 
praise  being  bestowed  only  upon  Pope's  Homer  and  Howe's 
Pharsalia.  But  Theobald  is  especially  marked  for  abuse, 
it  being  the  custom  then  to  consider  him  legitimate  prey. 
Franklin  places  the  blame  for  the  low  esteem  in  which 
translation  was  held  on  such  translators  as  Theobald : 

The  great  translator  bids  each  dunce  translate, 
And  ranks  us  all  with  Tibbald  and  with  Tate. 

And  he  brings  the  aged  accusation  of  pedantry  against  him : 
Or  some  dull  pedant  whose  encumber'd  brain 
O'er  the  dull  page  hath  toil'd  for  years  in  vain, 
Who  writes  at  last  ambitiously  to  show 
How  much  a  fool  may  read,  how  little  know. 

Tis  not  enough  that,  fraught  with  learning's  store, 
By  the  dim  lamp  the  tasteless  critic  pore. 

But  a  champion  rushes  to  the  aid  of  the  abused  originals : 

Genius  of  Greece,  do  thou  my  breast  inspire 
With  some  warm  portion  of  the  poet's  fire, 
From  hands  profane  defend  his  much-lov'd  name; 
From  Cruel  Tibbald  wrest  his  mangled  frame. 

28  J.  C.  Collins,  Essays  and  Studies,  p.  276;  and  the  article  on  Theo 
bald  in  the  Dictionary  of  National  Biography. 

29  Translation:  a  Poem.     By  Thomas  Franklin.     London,  1753. 


THEOBALD'S  EARLY  LIFE  13 

And  in  a  note  on  this  last  passage  :  "Tibbald  (or  Theobald) 
translated  two  or  three  plays  of  Sophocles,  and  threatened 
the  public  with  more."  30  Much  pleasure  seemed  to  be 
derived  from  misspelling  Theobald's  name,  but  Franklin 
was  scholar  enough  not  to  find  fault,  as  Fielding  did,  with 
his  knowledge  of  Greek. 

Although  Franklin's  work  is  much  better  known,  I  do  not 
think  that  there  is  much  to  choose  between  their  transla 
tions.  The  earlier  translator  differs  from  the  later  in  that 
he  is  evidently  trying  to  popularize  the  Greek  drama,  going 
to  some  pains  to  make  the  meaning  of  obscure  passages 
clear  to  those  not  versed  in  the  classics.  In  the  two  plays 
of  Aristophanes  he  translates  the  idioms  and  phrases  into 
the  idioms  and  expressions  of  his  own  time  to  such  an  extent 
that  he  was  accused,  as  we  have  seen,  of  incorrect  transla 
tion. 

While  the  translations  represent  the  bulk  of  Theobald's 
work  for  this  period,  he  also  engaged  in  original  composi 
tion.  In  1707  his  first  attempt  at  poetry  appeared,  a  Pindaric 
ode  on  the  union  of  Scotland  and  England.31  Six  years  later 
he  published  The  Mausoleum,  a  poem  written  in  heroic  coup 
lets  and  dedicated  to  Charles,  Earl  of  Orrery.32  This  lugubri 
ous  effort,  stilted  and  affected,  was  composed  in  imitation 
of  several  of  the  classical  poets,  chiefly  Ovid,  with  the  im 
itated  passages  subjoined,  and  is  full  of  praise  for  Pope 
and  Addison.  In  1715  Theobald  translated  Le  Clerc's 
observations  on  Addison's  travels,  prompted  by  his  ad- 

30  In  marked  contrast  to  Franklin's  estimate  of  Theobald's  work 
stands  that  of  the  first  of  classical  scholars  in  literary  taste,  Richard 
Person,  by  whom  Theobald's  translations  "were  highly  esteemed." 
See  Reliquiae  Hearnianae,  ed.  P.  Bliss,  1869,  vol.  3,  p.  137,  note. 

31  Gibber  gives  1707  as  the  date  of  this  poem.     Lives  of  the  Poets, 
vol.  5,  p.  287. 

32  The  Mausoleum.    A  Poem.    Sacred  to  the  Memory  of  Her  Late 
Majesty  Written  by  Mr.  Theobald.     London,  1714. 


14  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

miration  for  the  subject  of  the  treatise.33  An  entirely  dif 
ferent  motive  is  discernible  in  a  poem  he  gave  to  the  world 
about  this  time,  which  was  written  on  the  recovery  of  the 
Duke  of  Ormonde  from  a  dangerous  illness.34 

This  same  year  Theobald's  most  significant  poem  was 
published,  The  Cave  of  Poverty,™  in  imitation  of  Shakespeare. 
A  contemporary  critic  declared  it  to  be  excellent.36  It 
seems  to  have  found  its  way  across  the  channel,  and  was  the 
cause  of  an  exchange  of  letters  between  Theobald  and  the 
Zurich  professor  of  History  and  Politics,  Johann  Jacob 
Bodmer,  who  characterized  it  as  a  splendid  poem,  possessing 
not  only  the  style  of  Shakespeare  but  his  spirit  itself.37  This 
extravagant  praise  is  worthy  of  notice  when  we  remember 
that  Bodmer,  one  of  the  forerunners  of  German  Romanticism, 
"prepared  the  way  for  a  new  poetry  of  emotion  and  senti 
ment."  38  He  translated  Paradise  Lost,  and  his  Critical 
Disquisition  on  the  Wonderful  in  Poetry,  written  in  defense 
of  Milton,  brought  about  the  feud  with  Gottschedd  (who 
upheld  French  classicism),  which  resulted  in  the  complete 
discomfiture  of  the  latter.  The  unsolicited  praise  of  such 
a  man  is  not  to  be  underestimated. 

Professor  Lounsbury  has  shown  how  plain  an  imitation 
of  Shakespeare  the  poem  is : 

88  Monsieur  Le  Clerc's  Observations  upon  Mr.  Addison's  Travels 
Through  Italy,  etc.  Also  Some  Account  of  the  United  Provinces  of  the 
Netherlands;  chiefly  with  regard  to  their  Trade  and  Riches,  and  a  Par 
ticular  Account  of  the  Bank  of  Amsterdam.  Done  from  the  French  by  Mr. 
Theobald.  London,  1715. 

34  I  have  found  no  trace  of  this  poem,  but  Theobald  mentions  it  in 
his  dedication  of  the  Persian  Princess  to  the  Duchess  of  Ormond. 

35  The  Cave  of  Poverty,  A  Poem.     Written  in  Imitation  of  Shakespeare. 
By  Mr.  Theobald.     London. 

38  Giles  Jacob,  Poetical  Register,  quoted  in  Nichols,  Illustrations  of 
Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  711. 
37  Appendix,  p.  339. 
88  Calvin  Thomas,  History  of  German  Literature,  p.  211. 


THEOBALD'S  EARLY  LIFE  15 

The  truth  is  that  the  production  throughout  adopts  and  reflects 
Shakespeare's  phraseology.  There  is  frequently  in  it  a  faint 
echo  of  his  style,  and  of  the  peculiar  melody  of  his  versification. 
Such  characteristics  could  have  been  manifested  only  by  one  who 
had  become  thoroughly  steeped  in  his  diction,  and  especially  in 
that  of  his  two  principal  poems.  These  were  so  far  from  being 
well  known  at  that  time  that  they  were  hardly  known  at  all.39 

He  continues  to  show  how  Theobald  uses  the  six-line  stanza 
of  Venus  and  Adonis,  and  points  out  the  number  of  com 
pound  adjectives  which  he  took  directly  out  of  Shakespeare's 
plays  and  poems.  The  use  of  compounds,  however,  he  may 
have  derived  from  the  classics  as  well  as  from  Shakespeare. 
In  the  essay  prefixed  to  his  translation  of  Hero  and  Leander 
he  explains  the  use  of  compound  epithets  in  the  poem : 

Whether  the  Greek  poem  be  as  old  as  it  is  pretended,  it  was  cer 
tainly  designed  to  be  thought  as  old;  and  Compound  Epithets 
were  the  darling  Labour  of  those  Times,  as  is  plain  to  observe 
from  ten  thousand  Instances  in  Homer,  Hesiod,  Pindar,  and  in 
Aeschylus  particularly,  among  the  Tragicks. 

The  poem  strives  somewhat  after  the  crepuscular.  It 
consists  of  one  hundred  and  twenty-one  stanzas  of  six 
iambic  pentameters,  and  is  divided  into  two  parts.  The 
first  gives  us  a  description  of  a  terrible  cave,  with  horrible 
pictures  on  all  sides,  where  the  Queen  of  Poverty  harasses 
mankind.  The  place  resembles  Hades,  and  among  its 
inhabitants  Theobald  is  careful  to  include  dissipated  noble 
men  who  failed  to  help  needy  men  of  letters.  The  second 
part  describes  two  brass  horns  that  collect  all  the  sounds 
arising  from  the  woe  of  poverty,  and  send  them  resounding 
to  the  ear  of  the  queen.  The  complaints,  reflecting  in  a 
pale  way  the  soliloquy  in  the  third  act  of  Hamlet,  lament 
the  shifts  to  which  one  is  put,  the  neglect  of  merit,  and 
exaltation  of  vice. 

39  Lounsbury,  Text  of  Shakespeare,  p.  184. 


16  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

Curse  on  the  envious  Fate,  that  tyes  me  down 
To  Servile  Ills  iny  gen'rous  Soul  disdains! 
Curse  on  the  Shifts  my  needy  Age  has  known; 
The  hated  shifts  which  mighty  Need  constrains! 

O  Comfort-Killing  State!    Heart-Wounding  Grief  f 

0  Sorrows  that  admit  no  kind  Relief. 

0  dull  Ingratitude!  dost  thou  not  shame 

To  let  Desert  be  brow-beat,  and  despis'd, 

To  let  Oppression  with  Contempt  and  Blame 

Brand  its  fair  Cheek,  and  keep  true  Worth  Dispriz'd? 
Or  let  it  bear  the  Whips  and  Scorns  of  Time, 
Be  spurned  by  Insolence,  and  deem'd  a  Crime. 

Shakespeare  is  not  the  only  writer  imitated  in  the  poem, 
for  the  description  of  Poverty  and  her  cave  resembles  closely 
the  second  and  eighth  books  of  the  Metamorphoses.  Theo 
bald  may  have  been  influenced  by  Spenser,  yet  the  descrip 
tions  in  the  Faerie  Queene  are  not  so  similar  as  those  in  Ovid's 
poem,  and  at  that  time  Theobald  was  much  more  intimately 
acquainted  with  the  Roman  than  with  the  Elizabethan 
poet.  This  part  of  The  Cave  of  Poverty  furnished  Pope  with 
a  handle  to  his  attack  on  Theobald's  indigence  in  the  open 
ing  of  The  Dunciad,  where  the  Cave  of  Poverty  and  Poetry  is 
mentioned.  It  could  also  have  suggested  to  Churchill 
some  of  the  descriptions  in  the  Prophecy  of  Famine. 

The  same  year,  1715,  there  was  published  a  key,  which  has 
been  ascribed  to  Theobald,  to  the  What  D'ye  Call  It.™ 
Professor  Lounsbury  calls  attention  to  the  fact  that  the  only 
evidence  we  have  for  such  an  attribution  is  a  note  by  Pope 
to  an  edition  of  his  letters,  1735,  where  it  is  given  to  Griffin, 
a  player,  assisted  by  Theobald.41  The  evidence  is  indeed 
slight.  But  if  Pope  wished  to  father  it  upon  his  opponent, 

40  A  Complete  Key  to  the  last  New  Farce  The  What  D'ye  Call  It.     1715. 

41  Lounsbury,  Text  of  Shakespeare,  p.  417. 


THEOBALD'S  EARLY  LIFE  17 

why  should  he  bring  in  the  actor?  The  work  has  no  signifi 
cance  except  in  so  far  as  the  writer  has  been  thought  to 
attack  Pope.  Gay  said  the  author  called  him  a  blockhead 
and  Pope  a  knave,  which  statement,  however,  is  a  great 
exaggeration.  While  the  author  resents  the  satire  on  the 
plays  of  Shakespeare  and  Addison,  he  praises  Pope's  genius, 
and  in  no  place  abuses  him.42  In  the  preface  the  derivation 
of  the  word  " burlesque"  and  the  reference  to  Dr.  Bentley 
are  in  Theobald's  manner.  In  the  wide  and  various  cita 
tions  from  the  plays  of  Shakespeare  the  author  shows  a 
knowledge  of  the  dramatist  wholly  consistent  with  Theo 
bald's  later  accomplishments.  His  comment  on  Othello's 
putting  out  the  light  is  somewhat  similar  to  the  note  on  the 
same  passage  in  Theobald's  edition  of  Shakespeare.  The 
high  praise  of  Addison  and  the  reference  to  the  jealousy  of 
Dennis  are  in  keeping  with  the  pronounced  opinions  in 
The  Mausoleum  and  The  Censor.  Nor  is  the  evinced  knowl 
edge  of  the  chorus  of  Greek  tragedy  beside  the  point. 

Early  in  1715  Theobald  began  the  publication  of  a  tri 
weekly  periodical,  The  Censor,  fashioned  after  the  Spectator. 
This  ran  for  thirty  numbers,  from  April  11  to  June  17.  It 
then  suspended  publication  until  January  1,  1717,  when  it 
again  appeared  and  continued  to  June  1,  ending  with  the 
ninety-sixth  number.  Theobald  attributed  the  failure  of 
the  undertaking  to  its  following  "too  close  upon  the  Heels 
of  the  inimitable  Spectator."  Many  of  its  numbers  deal 
with  trivial  subjects  in  a  satiric  fashion,  but  the  humor  is 
heavy  and  the  satire  weak.  It  follows  the  Spectator  in  its 
attacks  on  antiquaries,  virtuosi,  and  pedants.  Some  of 

42  "These  two  lines  are  an  excellent  copy  of  the  Author's  Wit  and 
Manners,  Popery  and  Knitting  are  so  admirably  well  put  together, 
as  things  of  equal  Importance,  that  any  man,  who  has  but  read  the 
Celebrated  Rape  of  the  Lock,  cannot  be  at  a  loss  for  the  Author  of 
these  Lines."  —  P.  22. 


18  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

i 

the  numbers,  however,  are  devoted  to  the  drama,  it  having 
been  the  author's  plan  to  give  one  issue  a  week  to  a  discussion 
of  the  stage,  and  they  frequently  have  something  to  say  about 
Shakespeare.  This  periodical  also  gives  us  an  idea  of  Theo 
bald's  interest  in  the  classics  and  classical  scholarship,  for 
discussions  of  the  Greek  drama  are  second  only  to  those  of 
Shakespeare. 

One  would  think  that  Theobald  had  fared  badly  enough 
at  the  hands  of  Pope  and  succeeding  generations  without 
being  represented  as  the  object  of  any  more  satires  than 
those  of  which  he  is  actually  the  butt.  Yet  an  attempt  has 
been  made  to  find  an  attack  on  him  in  Parnell's  Life  and 
Remarks  of  Zoilus  appended  to  a  translation  of  the  Batracho- 
muomachia,  1717.  Goldsmith  appears  to  be  the  original 
authority  for  the  idea  that  the  satire  was  written  at  the  re 
quest  of  Parnell's  friends  and  directed  against  Theobald  and 
Dennis.  Mr.  Aitken  repeats  the  statement  without  giving 
any  reasons  for  the  onslaught.43  Mr.  Seccombe  follows 
him,  though  implying  that  the  cause  of  the  attack  was  the 
fact  that  the  two  writers  were  objects  of  Pope's  aversion.44 
A  recent  biographer  of  Dennis,  Mr.  Paul,  says  the  satire 
was  probably  due  to  Theobald's  attacking  Three  Hours  after 
Marriage  and  to  the  fact  that  he  was  a  good  representative 
of  needy  authors.45  I  do  not  know  of  any  attack  that  Theo 
bald  ever  made  upon  Three  Hours,  and  besides,  this  play  was 
not  produced  until  1717,  while  Zoilus  was  completed  in  the 
spring  of  1715.46  The  basis  of  Mr.  Paul's  conjecture  may  be 
a  letter  from  Pope  to  Parnell,  1717,  where,  after  speaking 
of  the  criticism  Three  Hours  had  aroused,  the  writer  adds, 
"The  Best  revenge  upon  such  fellows  is  now  in  my  hands, 

43  The  Poetical  Works  of  Thomas  Parnell,  1894,  p.  xlvi. 

44  The  Cambridge  History  of  English  Literature,  vol.  IX,  p.  188. 
46  H.  G.  Paul,  John  Dennis,  1911,  p.  93. 

48  Elwin  and  Courthope,  vol.  7,  p.  457. 


THEOBALD'S  EARLY  LIFE  19 

I  mean  your  Zoilus."  The  fact  of  the  matter  is  that  the 
original  purpose  of  Zoilus  was  to  anticipate  criticism  of 
Pope's  translation  of  Homer.  It  was  intended  for  the  first 
volume  of  the  Iliad,  but  since  the  author  arrived  in  London 
too  late,  it  was  printed  in  the  translation  of  the  Odyssey.47 
Zoilus,  I  should  conjecture,  sprang  out  of  Parnell's  essay 
on  Homer,  in  which  the  irascible  ancient  is  held  up  to  abuse. 
Pope,  fearing  criticism  of  his  translation,  perhaps  because  of 
his  slight  knowledge  of  Greek,  probably  prompted  Parnell 
to  the  undertaking  in  order  to  forestall  hostile  attacks.  In 
a  joint  letter  from  Pope  and  Gay  to  Parnell,  March  18,  1715, 
Gay  speaks  of  the  indignation  the  What  D'ye  Call  It  had 
aroused,  and  asks,  "Then  where  will  rage  end  when  Homer 
is  to  be  translated?  Let  Zoilus  hasten  to  your  friend's 
assistance,  and  envious  criticism  shall  be  no  more."  48  Elwin 
and  Courthope  do  not  think  it  an  attack  on  modern  critics. 
If  Pope  had  any  particular  critic  in  mind  when  he  urged 
Parnell  to  write  the  treatise,  I  would  hazard  the  guess  that  it 
was  Bentley.  Throughout  this  critic's  long  controversial 
career,  Zoilus  was  the  name  most  frequently  applied  to 
him.  As  early  as  1699  he  had  been  so  called.  Furthermore, 
Parnell's  description  of  Zoilus  tallies  so  closely  with  that  of 
Bentley  given  by  the  Christ  Church  Wits  that  it  is  difficult 
not  to  think  the  great  critic  was  in  Parnell's  mind.49  There 

47  Idem,  vol.  7,  p.  457. 

48  Elwin  and  Courthope,  vol.  7,  p.  464. 

49  "But  what  Assurance  can  such  as  Zoilus  have,  that  the  world  will 
ever  be  convinc'd  against  an  established  Reputation,  by  such  people 
whose  faults  in  writing  are  so  very  notorious?     Who  judge  against 
Rules,  affirm  without  Reasons,  and  censure  without  Manners?  who 
quote  themselves  for  a  support  of  their  Opinions,  found  their  Pride 
upon  a  Learning  in  Trifles,  and  their  Superiority  upon  Claims  they 
magisterially  make?     Who  write  of  beauties  in  a  harsh  Style,  judge 
of  Excellency  with  a  Lowness  of  Spirit?"  and  so  on. 

"But  what  appears  extremely  pleasant  is,  that  at  the  same  time 


20  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

is  nothing  in  the  production  satirically  appropriate  to 
Theobald  at  that  time,  and  probably  Pope  had  never  heard 
of  him. 

Theobald  lost  no  opportunity  of  turning  to  his  own 
account  any  passing  interest  of  the  day.  In  1719  George 
Sewell,  Theobald's  friend  and  the  future  editor  of  a  supple 
mentary  volume  to  Pope's  edition  of  Shakespeare,  produced 
his  tragedy  Sir  Walter  Raleigh,  which  enjoyed  considerable 
success,  reaching  a  fifth  edition  within  three  years.  The 
same  year  Theobald  wrote  a  life  of  Raleigh,  a  slight  and 
incomplete  tract  of  no  intrinsic  value,  but  significant  in  be 
ing  his  first  work  dealing  with  the  Elizabethan  period.60 

Two  years  later  Theobald  collected  and  published  a 
volume  of  miscellanies,51  which  contained  his  translations 
from  Sophocles,  Aeschylus,  and  Musaeus,  and  a  few  of  his 
poems ;  two  prologues,  one  spoken  by  Mr.  Keene,  the  other 
occasioned  by  his  death;  and  a  poem,  To  Cloe,  upon  her 
Retreat  at  Fulham.  The  largest  contributor  was  a  certain 
Dr.  Kennick,  a  glowing  account  of  whom  is  given  in  the 
preface.  The  collection  is  more  remarkable  in  that  it  con- 
he  condemns  the  passage,  he  should  make  use  of  it  as  an  Opportunity 
to  fall  into  an  Ample  Digression  on  the  various  Kinds  of  Mouse-Traps, 
and  display  that  minute  Learning  which  every  critic  of  this  sort  is 
found  to  show  himself  Master  of.  This  they  imagine  is  tracing  knowl 
edge  thro'  its  hidden  Veins,  and  bringing  Discoveries  to  daylight  which 
time  had  cover'd  over.  Indefatigable  and  useless  Mortals!  who  value 
themselves  for  knowledge  of  no  consequences,  and  think  of  gaining 
Applause  themselves  by  what  the  Reader  is  careful  to  pass  over 
unread." 

60  Memoirs  of  Sir  Walter  Raleigh:   London,  1719.      Defoe,  deeming 
Theobald's  work  unsatisfactory,  himself  undertook  a  slight  sketch  of 
Raleigh's  career  under  the  title  An  Historical  Account  of  the  Voyages 
and  Adventures  of  Sir  Walter  Raleigh  ....  Humbly  proposed  to  the 
South-Sea.    [1720  but  dated  1719.] 

61  The  Grove;   or  a  Collection  of  Original  Poems,  Translations,  etc. 
London,  1721. 


THEOBALD'S  EARLY  LIFE  21 

tains  Dr.  Bentley's  only  attempt  at  verse,  a  poem  entitled 
A  Reply  and  dealing  with  the  hardships  incurred  by  scholars.62 

From  the  very  beginning  of  his  career  the  future  editor 
was  interested  in  the  drama.  As  early  as  1708  his  Persian 
Princess  was  acted  at  Drury  Lane,  when  he  was  only  twenty 
years  of  age.53  The  play  was  not  a  success,  and  in  his  pref 
ace  the  dramatist  speaks  slightingly  of  it,  but  the  fact  that 
it  was  accepted  by  the  only  theater  in  London  argues  some 
thing  in  its  favor.64  The  author,  however,  thought  it  neces 
sary  to  explain  that  since  he  was  too  deeply  engaged  in 
translating  to  try  to  amend  it  in  any  way,  only  the  repeated 
importunities  of  friends  forced  him  to  publish  it.  The  plot 
does  not  seem  to  be  derived  from  any  incident  in  Persian 
history,  so  that  the  play  is  one  of  Theobald's  few  original 
pieces. 

The  same  year  that  saw  the  publication  of  this  drama  wit 
nessed  Theobald's  second  attempt  on  the  stage,  which  had 
no  better  success  than  the  first,  but  which  reflects  in  an  un 
favorable  way  on  his  reputation.  This  was  a  tragedy  called 
The  Perfidious  Brother. 56  In  the  preface  to  the  published 
play  the  author  states  that  the  report  that  the  whole  per 
formance  belonged  to  Meystayer,  a  watch  maker,  was  prev 
alent  among  mechanics,  that  he  did  nothing  but  supervise, 
correcting  an  odd  word  here  and  there.  He  admits  that  the 

62  Gibber  attributes  to  Theobald  a  work  entitled    The   Gentlemen's 
Library,  containing  Rules  for  Conduct  in  all  Parts  of  Life  in  12  mo.     1722. 

63  The  Persian  Princess,  or  The  Royal  Villain.     12  mo.    1715.     4to, 
1717.     Nichols,   Illustrations    of   Literature,   vol.  2,  p.  708,  following 
Giles  Jacob,  makes  a  mistake  in  saying  it  was  not  published  until  1717. 

The  precocity  shown  in  this  production  gained  Theobald  some 
notoriety.  See  Reliquiae  Hearnianae,  ed.  P.  Bliss,  1869,  vol.  3,  p.  137. 

64  Lounsbury,  Text  of  Shakespeare,  p.  125. 

66  The  Perfidious  Brother,  A  Tragedy;  As  it  is  Acted  at  the  New 
Theatre  in  Little  Lincolns-Inn-Fields.  By  Mr.  Theobald.  London,, 
1715. 


22  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

play  was  put  in  his  hand  by  Meystayer,  but  claims  it  was  in 
such  a  condition  that  it  required  several  months'  work  to 
make  it  presentable,  so  that  he  considered  himself  entitled 
to  it.  The  following  year  the  watch  maker  published  his 
version  of  the  play,  with  a  dedication  to  Theobald,  in  which 
he  speaks  of  his  adversary  in  no  uncertain  tones.  The 
latter  made  no  reply.  Both  versions  are  wretched  enough 
and  the  similarity  is  obvious,  but  since  Meystayer 's  version 
was  published  after  Theobald's,  its  evidential  value  is 
destroyed.  What  Theobald  admits,  however,  is  enough  to 
condemn  him  for  taking  all  the  credit,  or  discredit,  for  the 
production. 

On  December  10,  1719,  Theobald's  adaptation  of  Shake 
speare's  Richard  II  was  performed  at  Lincoln's  Inn  Fields, 
and  met  with  some  success,  being  acted  seven  times.56  In 
his  alterations  he  omitted  Acts  I  and  II,  with  the  exception 
of  some  speeches  which  he  transposed,  and  introduced  a 
love  story.  Genest  points  out  one  absurdity  into  which 
Theobald  fell,  and  thinks  his  "  additions  are  flat  and  his 
alteration  on  the  whole  is  a  very  bad  one ;  but  considerably 
more  than  half  the  play  is  Shakespeare's."  57  Some  of 
Theobald's  lines  seem  to  be  very  good ;  in  fact,  they  consti 
tute  the  best  poetry  he  wrote,  and  show  clearly  how  closely 
he  had  studied  Shakespeare. 

In  the  preface  to  this  alteration  Theobald  states  that 
his  purpose  was  twofold  :  "to  interweave  the  many  scatter'd 
Beauties  into  a  regular  Fable";  and  to  do  Shakespeare 
"some  Justice  upon  the  Points  of  his  Learning  and  Acquaint 
ance  with  the  Ancients."  All  his  life  he  held  to  the  belief 
that  the  dramatist  had  more  classical  learning  than  was 

56  The  Tragedy  of  King  Richard  the  II ;  As  it  is  acted  at  the  Theatre 
in  Lincoln' s-inn-fields.  Alter'd  from  Shakespeare,  By  Mr.  Theobald. 
London,  1720. 

67  History  of  English  Stage,  vol.  3,  p.  34. 


23 

generally  accredited  him,  though  his  later  discovery  of 
Elizabethan  translations  was  very  disconcerting  to  this  view. 
Here,  however,  Theobald  argues  that  in  Troilus  and  Cressida 
Shakespeare  depended  more  upon  Homer  than  upon  Lollius 
or  Chaucer,  and  that  Timon  shows  the  poet  to  have  been 
familiar  with  Plutarch  in  the  original.58  His  ignorance  of 
North's  Plutarch  and  The  Three  Destructions  of  Troy,  both  of 
which  he  later  discovered,  shows  that  he  had  not  dipped 
very  deep  into  the  literature  accessible  to  Shakespeare. 
Yet  he  had  broken  ground  in  his  life  of  Raleigh,  and  this 
attempt  at  proving  Shakespeare's  learning  shows  him  ap 
proaching  the  poet  rather  from  a  scholar's  point  of  view 
than  from  that  of  a  literary  critic. 

Theobald's  most  persistent  appearance  on  the  stage  was 
not  in  the  legitimate  drama.59  There  arose  during  his  life 
time  a  new  species  of  entertainment  known  as  the  pantomime. 
The  first  to  claim  credit  for  introducing  these  performances 
into  England  was  John  Weaver,  a  dancing  master,  who  in 
1702  put  forth  a  production,  The  Cheats  of  Scapin;  or  The 
Tavern  Bilkers,  of  which  he  said  that  it  was  the  first  perform 
ance  on  the  English  stage  to  carry  on  the  story  by  dancing 
and  motion  only.  Fourteen  years  later  he  produced  The 
Loves  of  Mars  and  Venus,&0  in  imitation  of  the  ancient  pan 
tomime  and,  according  to  his  claim,  the  first  to  appear  since 
the  Roman  Empire.  This  was  rapidly  followed  by  several 
others  of  similar  names  and  nature  —  Perseus  and  Androm 
eda,  Orpheus  and  Eurydice,  and  Cupid  and  Bacchus.  In 
1728  Weaver  published  a  list  of  all  the  pantomimes,  which 

58  Theobald  accepted  "Lollius"  in  good  faith. 

59  Giles  Jacob,  in  his  Poetical  Register,  vol.  1,  p.  259,  speaks  of  Theo 
bald  having  a  tragedy,  The  Death  of  Hannibal,  ready  for  the  stage 
before  1720.     It  was  never  acted  or  published. 

60  This  is  probably  the  performance  to  which  Gibber  refers  when 
he  speaks  of  a  succession  of  monstrous  medleys  following  a  story  of 
Mars  and  Venus. 


24  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

he  divided  into  two  classes,  those  "in  imitation  of  the  Ancient 
Pantomime,"  and  those  "after  the  manner  of  the  modern 
Italians."  His  own  seem  to  have  been  chiefly  of  the  first 
class,  which  consisted  in  relating  some  classical  fable  by 
motion  and  dancing,  without  any  Harlequin  entertainment. 
In  1716  John  Rich  opened  his  Lincoln's  Inn  Fields  theater, 
where,  in  his  competition  with  Drury  Lane,  he  was  forced 
to  produce  a  new  species  of  performance.  At  first  this  con 
sisted  of  entertainments  in  the  Italian  style  introducing  the 
conventional  characters,  Harlequin,  Pantaloon,  Columbine, 
and  the  like.  As  early  as  April,  1716,  he  appeared  as  Harle 
quin  in  an  unnamed  production.  Such  entertainments  he 
continued  to  give  with  some  success  until  1723,  when  he  pro 
duced  The  Necromancer  or  Dr.  Faustus  to  outdo  a  pantomime 
of  a  somewhat  similar  title  at  Drury  Lane.61  His  success 
was  great,  and  from  that  time  on  pantomime  continued  to 
draw  crowded  houses,  much  to  the  disgust  of  the  literati. 
Rich  himself  does  not  seem  to  have  taken  much  pride  in 
this  sort  of  genius,  and  frankly  admits  that  necessity  com 
pelled  him  to  take  such  a  course.  In  the  dedication  to 
The  Rape  of  Proserpine,  1726,  the  actor  says :  . 

As  for  the  other  Parts,  it  might,  perhaps,  seem  an  Affectation  in 
me  to  detain  you  with  the  History  of  the  Antient  Pantomime 
Entertainments,  or  to  make  a  long  Apology  for  the  Revival  of  them 
at  present.  This  much,  however,  may  be  said  in  their  favor,  that 
this  Theatre  has  of  late  ow'd  its  support  in  great  Measure  to  them. 
I  own  myself  extremely  indebted  to  the  Favour  with  which  the 
town  is  pleased  to  receive  my  attempts  to  entertain  them  in  this 
kind;  and  do  engage  for  my  own  part,  that  whenever  the  public 
taste  shall  be  disposed  to  return  to  the  works  of  the  drama,  no 
one  shall  rejoice  more  sincerely  than  myself. 

61  "Rich  had  produced  some  little  Harlequinades  in  the  taste  of 
the  Italian  Night-scenes,  but  his  genius  does  not  seem  to  have  blazed 
forth  till  about  1723."  Genest,  vol.  3,  p.  155. 


THEOBALD'S  EARLY  LIFE  25 

The  typical  Rich  pantomime  was  a  combination  of  the 
Harlequinade  and  Weaver's  classical  pantomime.  Rich, 
however,  reversed  the  order  of  things.  Whereas  in  the 
continental  performances  of  Harlequin  the  actors  spoke, 
in  the  English  pantomime  it  was  all  dumb  show ;  and  while 
Weaver  told  his  ancient  fable  by  motion  only,  verse  and 
song  were  used  in  Rich's  entertainment.  The  backbone 
of  this  performance  was  a  versified  love  story  from  Ovid 
or  some  other  classical  author,  written  in  a  most  serious 
vein  and  interspersed  with  dances  and  songs,  —  in  fine,  an 
opera,  —  while  between  the  divisions  of  the  story  comic 
interludes  were  supplied  by  the  capers  of  Harlequin  in  an 
entirely  separate  plot  which  generally  hinged  on  the  courting 
of  Columbine.  The  stage  setting  for  both  parts  was  most 
elaborate  and  surprising,  the  serious  part  being  represented 
with  most  spectacular  scenery,  while  the  comic  was  carried 
out  by  means  of  ingenious  devices  for  transforming  scenes 
and  objects. 

So  prevalent  became  this  type  of  pantomime  that  Rich  has 
been  called  the  father  of  English  pantomime.  Perhaps 
the  opportunity  for  spectacular  scenes  led  him  to  combine 
the  two  incongruous  elements  contained  in  the  show,  though 
Fielding  says  it  was  for  the  sake  of  contrast : 

This  entertainment  consisted  of  two  parts,  which  the  inventor 
distinguished  by  the  names  of  serious  and  comic.  The  serious 
exhibits  a  certain  number  of  heathen  gods  and  goddesses  who  are 
certainly  the  worst  and  dullest  company  into  which  an  audience 
was  ever  introduced;  and  (which  was  a  secret  known  to  a  few) 
were  actually  intended  so  to  be  in  order  to  contrast  the  comic 
part  of  the  entertainment  and  to  display  the  tricks  of  Harlequin 
to  the  better  advantage.  This  was  perhaps  not  very  civil  of  such 
personages,  but  the  contrivance  was  nevertheless  ingenious  enough 
and  had  its  effect.  And  this  will  now  plainly  appear  if  instead  of 
serious  and  comic,  we  supply  the  words  duller  and  dullest;  for 


26 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


the  comic  was  certainly  duller  than  anything  before  shown  on  the 
stage  and  could  be  set  off  only  by  that  superlative  degree  of  dull 
ness  which  composed  the  serious.62 

In  the  constructing  of  these  pantomimes  Theobald  was 
very  closely  associated  with  his  friend,  John  Rich.  He 
furnished  the  serious  or  vocal  parts  described  above,  from 
which,  as  a  rule,  pantomime,  took  their  names.  In  all  he 
contributed  the  verse  to  nearly  a  third  of  Rich's  repertoire. 
Previously,  however,  he  had  composed  several  trivial  pieces, 
all  presented  at  Lincoln's  Inn  Fields.  One  was  a  one-act 
opera,  Pan  and  Syrinx,  produced  in  1717.  In  1718  he  fur 
nished  the  songs  and  a  little  of  the  poetry  to  Elkanah  Settle's 
The  Lady's  Triumph,  as  well  as  the  masque  of  Decius  and 
Paulina,  which  occurs  in  the  last  act  of  Settle's  produc 
tion.63  Two  of  the  songs  were  also  inserted  in  the  opera 
Circe. 

Theobald  began  his  pantomimes  with  Harlequin  Sorcerer, 
with  the  Loves  of  Pluto  and  Proserpine,  1725,  which  drew 
crowded  houses  even  after  its  revival  at  Covent  Garden 
in  1753.  The  same  year,  1725,  saw  the  production  of  The 
Rape  of  Proserpine,  which  was  extremely  popular  and  con 
sequently  called  forth  the  wrath  of  the  critics  of  this  species 
of  literature.64  The  following  year  appeared  Apollo  and 
Daphne,  or  The  Burgo-Master  Trick 'd,  and  after  intervals  of 
four  years  each  appeared,  respectively,  Perseus  and  Androm 
eda  and  Merlin-,  or  the  Devil  of  Stone-Henge.  This  last 

62  Tom  Jones,  Pt.  5,  Chap.   1.    Fielding  satirized  pantomime  in 
Tumbledown  Dick,  or  Phaeton  in  the  Suds,  1744. 

63  James  Miller,  in  his  Harlequin-Horace,  1731,  p.  9,  has  reference 
to  this  when  he  says, 

"Why  should  to  modern  Tibbald  be  denied 
What  antient  Settle  would  have  own'd  with  Pride  Y" 

64  Pope,  Dunciad,  Bk.  3,  1.  310  and  note.     Grub-street  Journal,  No. 
98,  November  18,  1731.    James  Miller,  Harlequin-Horace,  p.  27. 


THEOBALD'S  EARLY  LIFE  27 

was  the  only  one  to  appear  at  Drury  Lane,  and  is  the  most 
wretched  of  these  dull  productions.65 

Theobald's  last  pantomime,  Orpheus  and  Eurydice;  an 
Opera,  was  produced  at  Covent  Garden  February  12,  1740, 
but  had  been  published  the  preceding  year.  Genest  says 
this  entertainment  "was  very  successful  .  .  .  the  descrip 
tion  of  it  occupied  the  bills  for  a  considerable  time,  and  the 
plays  were  advertised  without  the  characters."  66  It  was 
revived  in  1747,  and  again  in  1755,  when  it  ran  for  thirty-one 
nights.  It  was  again  presented  in  1768,  and  in  1787  was 
performed  by  royal  command.67  As  an  example  of  Theo 
bald's  work  in  this  field  it  may  be  well  to  quote  a  synopsis 
given  by  Mr.  Broadbent  in  his  history  of  the  pantomime.68 

The  following  was  the  argument  and  the  curious  arrangement  of 
the  scenes:  —  Interlude  I.  Rhodope,  Queen  of  Thrace,  practising 
art  magic,  makes  love  to  Orpheus.  He  rejects  her  love.  She  is 
enraged.  A  serpent  appears  who  receives  Rhodope's  commands, 
and  these  ended,  glides  off  the  stage.  Here  the  comic  part  begins. 
In  the  Opera  (as  practically  it  was)  a  scene  takes  place  between 
Orpheus  and  Eurydice.  Eurydice's  heel  is  pierced  by  the  ser 
pent,  behind  the  scenes.  She  dies  on  the  stage  —  after  which  the 
comic  part  is  continued.  Interlude  II.  Scene:  Hell.  Pluto 
and  Orpheus  enter.  Orpheus  prevails  on  Pluto  to  restore  Eury 
dice  to  him.  Ascalox  tells  Orpheus  that  Eurydice  shall  follow 
him,  but  that  if  he  should  look  back  at  her  before  they  shall  have 
passed  the  bounds  of  Hell,  she  will  die  again.  Orpheus  turns 
back  to  look  for  Eurydice,  Fiends  carry  her  away.  After  this  the 
comic  part  is  resumed.  Interlude  III.  Orpheus  again  rejects 
Rhodope's  solicitations.  Departs.  The  scene  draws,  and  dis- 

66  Some  of  the  pantomimes  were  unusually  long-lived.     The  Rape  of 
Proserpine,  for  instance,  has  been  performed  once  or  twice  in  this  century. 

66  Genest,  vol.  3,  p.  618. 

67  See  A  History  of  Pantomime,  by  R.  J.  Broadbent,  p.  160. 

68  Idem,   p.    158.     Broadbent's   account   was  taken  from   Genest, 
vol.  3,  pp.  618-620. 


28  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

covers  Orpheus  slain.  Several  Baccants  enter  in  a  triumphant 
manner.  They  bring  in  the  lyre  and  chaplet  of  Orpheus.  Rho- 
dope  stabs  herself.  The  piece  concludes  with  the  remainder  of 
the  comic  part. 

The  above  pantomime  was  the  cause  of  an  attack  on  both 
Rich  and  Theobald.  The  number  of  well-known  love  stories 
of  the  ancients,  which  formed  the  basis  for  the  serious  parts 
of  these  entertainments,  was  rather  limited ;  and  so,  with  the 
increasing  demand  for  pantomime,  repetition  was  inevitable.69 
In  December,  1738,  John  Hill,  an  apothecary,  published  an 
opera,  Orpheus,  in  the  preface  to  which  he  accuses  Rich  of 
being  about  to  produce  an  opera  stolen  from  a  rejected  copy 
of  his.70  The  next  year  Rich  published  his  pantomime,  in 
the  advertisement  to  which  he  speaks  of  Hill's  "  chimerical 
suggestions."  He  followed  this  up  with  a  detailed  defense 
of  his  conduct  in  Mr.  Rich's  Answer  to  the  many  Falsities 
and  Calumnies  Advanced  by  Mr.  John  Hill,  Apothecary,  and 
Contained  in  the  Preface  to  Orpheus,  an  English  Opera,  as  he 
calls  it,  Published  on  Wednesday  the  26th  of  December  last. 
Hill  waited  some  time  and  came  back  in  1741  with  his  An 
Answer  to  the  many  Plain  and  Notorious  Lyes  Advanced  by 
Mr.  John  Rich,  Harlequin;  and  contain' d  in  a  Pamphlet, 
which  he  vainly  and  foolishly  calls,  An  Answer  to  Mr.  Hill's 
Preface  to  Orpheus.  If  judgment  is  based  upon  these  two 
productions,  Rich  seems  to  be  in  the  right.  He  goes  very 

69  There  were  some  five  operas  and  pantomimes  under  the  title  of 
Orpheus  and  Eurydice. 

70  This  was  the  notorious  Sir  John  Hill,  half  quack  and  half  scientist, 
whose  life  was  a  series  of  controversies:  with  the  Royal  Society  because 
they  would  not  admit  him  to  membership;   with  Fielding,  who  replied 
in  the  Covent  Garden  Journal;   with  Christopher  Smart,  who  honored 
him  with  The  Hilliad ;  and  with  several  actors  including  Garrick  —  in 
all  of  which  he  invariably  got  the  worst  of  it.     "Hill  was  a  man  of 
unscrupulous  character,  with  considerable  abilities,   great  perserver- 
ance,  and  unlimited  impudence."  —  D.  AT.  B. 


THEOBALD'S  EARLY  LIFE  29 

minutely  into  detail,  produces  many  testimonies,  points 
out  many  dissimilarities  between  the  two  works,  and  in 
dulges  in  little  abuse.  Hill  pursues  the  opposite  course, 
and  while  producing  no  proofs  makes  up  the  deficiency  with 
constant  revilings.  These  are  especially  severe  against 
Theobald,  whom  he  accuses  of  stupidity  and  impertinence 
and  styles  Rich's  poet,  friend,  and  privy  counselor.  He  calls 
Pope  to  witness  against  Theobald,  and  refers  his  readers 
to  the  Bathos  and  The  Dunciad.  Rich  says  that  he  was  in 
formed  by  Hill  that  the  latter  had  one  thousand  pounds 
put  up  by  a  gentleman,  to  back  him.  By  the  praise  of  Pope 
and  abuse  of  Theobald,  one  is  led  to  wonder  whether  the 
former  was  still  persisting  in  his  efforts  to  injure  the  hero  of 
The  Dunciad.71 

The  tremendous  popularity  of  these  performances  was 
due  to  spectacular  scenery,  unusual  costumes,  and  the  tricks 
and  " stunts"  done  on  the  stage.  They  were  a  combina 
tion  of  the  New  York  Hippodrome  and  Ringling  Brothers' 
Circus.  And  just  as  a  circus  is  considered  vulgar,  and  every 
one  goes,  so  pantomimes  were  considered  very  low,  and 
drew  crowded  houses.  The  sanctimonious  upholders  of  the 
legitimate  drama  lifted  their  hands  in  holy  horror  at  such  a 
desecration  of  the  stage,  and  bewailed  the  passing  of  the 
drama.  Pantomimes  could  find  no  defenders  but  the  box 
office.  Even  those  responsible  for  their  production  — 
composer,  producer,  and  actor  —  spurned  their  own  handi- 

71  Another  production  of  similar  nature,  though  not  a  pantomime, 
and  the  last  to  come  from  Theobald's  hand,  appeared  hi  1741,  entitled 
The  Happy  Captive,  an  English  Opera,  In  Two  Comick  Scenes,  Betwixt 
Signor  Capacdo,  a  Director  from  the  Canary  Islands;  and  Signora 
Dorima,  a  Virtuosa.  The  story,  which,  like  Double  Falshood,  is  founded 
on  the  first  part  of  Don  Quixote,  is  contained  in  three  short  acts,  be 
tween  which  are  two  comic  interludes  written  to  ridicule  the  Italian 
opera.  These  last,  Genest  says,  possess  much  greater  merit  than  the 
serious  part.  The  opera  was  never  performed. 


30  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

work.  Gibber  detested  them,  Rich  apologized  for  them, 
and  Theobald  had  nothing  to  say  in  their  favor.72  The  last 
named  had  least  right  to  be  proud  of  this  popularity,  for 
his  part  in  the  entertainments  was  universally  considered 
wretched. 

His  persistent  appearance  in  this  low  species  of  dull  verse 
emphasizes  one  fact  that  stands  out  prominently  in  his  life 
previous  to  Shakespeare  Restored.  With  a  pronounced  pref 
erence  for  literary  over  legal  affairs,  law  being  his  nominal 
profession,  he  did  not  discover  his  true  interest  or  powers, 
and  was  forced  to  resort  to  all  kinds  of  shifts  in  earning  a 
livelihood, 

The  hated  Shifts  which  mighty  Need  constrains! 

Besides  his  various  poems  of  eulogy  and  dedications  ad 
dressed  to  popular  noblemen,  such  works  as  the  lives  of  Cato 
and  Raleigh  show  that  he  was  ever  on  the  alert  to  turn  to 
his  own  account  any  success  of  the  day.  Although  again 
and  again  he  shows  his  close  study  of  Shakespeare,  it  is 
doubtful  whether  he  would  ever  have  discovered  the  work 
for  which  he  was  fitted  had  he  not  seen  a  possible  oppor 
tunity  to  ride  to  success  on  the  interest  created  by  Pope's 
edition.  Furthermore,  he  lacked  originality.  Most  of 
his  dramatic  ventures  were  adaptations  or  reworkings.  His 
best  poem  is  an  avowed  imitation.  It  is  in  his  translations 
that  the  Theobald  of  this  period  is  seen  at  his  best.  In 
these  he  seemed  to  take  more  pride  than  in  other  produc 
tions,  and  his  interest  in  the  Greek  drama  was  genuine 
and  intelligent. 

72  See  the  dedication  of  Shakespeare  Restored  to  John  Rich,  a 
remarkable  performance,  where  Theobald  apologizes  for  dedicating 
his  work  on  Shakespeare  to  the  man  who  had  done  so  much  to  drive 
him  from  the  stage,  on  the  ground  that  he  had  received  some  financial 
assistance  from  Rich. 


CHAPTER  II 

THE   RAGE    FOR   EMENl^NG          f 

•     • 

THEOBALD  marks  the  beginning  of  a  new  era  in  Shake 
spearean  textual  criticism.  Adequate  recognition  of  his 
services  has  been  slow  in  coming,  but  now  his  reputation 
is  fairly  well  established.  In  the  study  of  his  work  on 
Shakespeare,  it  has  been  the  custom  to  approach  the  subject 
from  the  tradition  of  the  text.1  This  is  the  more  logical 
and  profitable  process  as  far  as  the  mere  results  of  scholar 
ship  are  concerned,  but  if  attention  is  turned  to  the  method 
by  which  these  results  were  obtained,  it  becomes  necessary 
to  depart  from  the  beaten  path  and  seek  a  source  elsewhere. 
The  direction  from  which  I  have  seen  fit  to  approach  this 
first  great  editor  is  from  the  classical  scholarship  of  his  day. 

Classical  scholarship  prior  to  the  nineteenth  century 
has  been  divided  into  three  periods :  the  Italian,  the 
French  or  Polyhistorical,  and  the  English  and  Dutch.2  The 
chief  concern  of  the  Italians  was  with  the  form  of  the  classics. 
Politian,  Poggio,  Erasmus,  and  others  studied  Latin  and 
Greek  writers  with  the  end  in  view  of  reproducing  these 
models  in  their  own  productions.  They  were  not  so  much 
interested  in  the  accuracy  or  content  of  texts  as  they  were 
with  literary  form.  The  members  of  the  French  school, 
on  the  other  hand,  turned  their  attention  to  the  subject 

1  The  Text  of  Shakespeare,  its  history  from  the  publication  of  the 
quartos  and  folios  down  to  and  including  the  publication  of  the  editions 
of  Pope  and  Theobald.      By  Thomas  R.  Lounsbury,  LH.D.,  L.L.D., 
New  York,  1906. 

2  See  Sandys,  History  of  Classical  Scholarship,  vol.  2,  p.  1;    R.  C. 
Jebb,  Richard  Bentley,  pp.  202,  203;    and  Jebb's  article  on  Bentley  in 
the  D.  N.  B. 


32  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

matter  of  the  classics.  Viewing  antiquity  as  a  whole,  they 
sought  to  discover  and  preserve  the  history,  thought,  and 
manners  of  the  Greeks  and  Romans.  The  most  important 
productions  of  this  period  were  J.  Scaliger's  investigations 
in  the  chronology  of  the  ancients  and  Casaubon's  work 
on  their  life  and  manners.3 

The  English  and  Dutch  school  began  a  few  years  previous 
to  the  eighteenth  century,  and  had  for  its  concern  historical, 
literary,  and  verbal  criticism,  especially  the  latter.4  The 
father  of  this  school  was  Richard  Bentley.5  Never  have 
the  pursuits  of  scholars  been  so  dominated  by  a  single  in 
fluence  as  those  of  the  eighteenth  century  were  dominated 
by  Bentley.  A  study  of  the  scholarship  of  this  period 
resolves  itself  chiefly  into  a  consideration  of  this  one  man. 
He  turned  the  attention  of  scholars  in  a  new  direction, 

8  Textual  criticism  was  not  ignored  in  these  two  periods.  In  the 
preparation  of  manuscripts  the  early  scholars  and  monks  exercised 
their  emending  ingenuity  whenever  they  saw  fit,  tacitly  introducing 
their  conjectures  into  the  text.  (See  W.  M.  Lindsay,  An  Introduction 
to  Latin  Textual  Emendation,  1896,  p.  1.)  Two  of  these  early  scholars, 
Niccoli  (1363-1437)  and  Laurentius  Valla  (1407-1457),  achieved  some 
valuable  results.  In  1567  Robortelli  laid  the  foundation  of  textual 
criticism  in  his  De  Arte  sive  Ratione  Corrigendi  Antiquos  Libros  Dis- 
putatio,  nunc  primum  a  me  excogitata,  while  in  the  same  period  J. 
Scaliger  pointed  the  way  to  a  sounder  method  of  emendation  founded 
on  the  genuine  tradition  of  the  manuscript.  See  Sandys,  op.  ctt.t 
vol.  1,  pp.  43,  69;  vol.  2,  pp.  142,  201. 

James  Harris  (Philological  Inquiries,  1781,  Pt.  1,  p.  32)  says  that  at 
first  the  business  of  this  early  textual  criticism  "was  painfully  to  col 
late  all  the  various  Copies  of  authority,  and  then,  from  amidst  the 
variety  of  Readings  thus  collected,  to  establish  by  good  reasons  either 
the  true,  or  the  most  probable"  In  1582  Victorinus  published  thirty- 
eight  books  of  Variae  Lectiones,  while  from  1559  to  1585  Muretus  pub 
lished  nineteen  books.  Yet  during  these  two  periods  emphasis  was 
not  placed  on  verbal  criticism,  and  no  method  was  established. 

4  Sandys,  op.  cit.,  vol.  2,  p.  1. 

6  R.  C.  Jebb,  Richard  Bentley,  p.  216;  J.  H.  Monk,  Life  of  Richard 
Bentley,  vol.  1,  p.  15;  and  article  on  Bentley  in  Enc.  Brit.,  ninth  ed. 


THE   RAGE   FOR   EMENDING  33 

causing  them  to  pattern  their  pursuits  after  his.6  He  es 
tablished  a  new  attitude  toward  the  classics  by  placing  a 
pronounced  stress  upon  one  phase  of  their  study,  and  he 
inaugurated  a  method  that  was  to  have  a  great  influence 
with  succeeding  scholars.  Owing  to  his  success  in  this  new 
and  individual  field,  a  shifting  of  values  took  place ;  so  great 
was  this  shift  and  so  permanent  was  Bentley's  influence, 
there  was  little  diminution  in  the  value  attributed  to  textual 
criticism  throughout  the  whole  of  the  eighteenth  century. 
That  this  century  to-day  stands  for  a  period  of  textual 
criticism,  not  only  in  the  classics  but  also  in  English,  is  due 
almost  entirely  to  the  tremendous  impetus  given  this  par 
ticular  study  by  Bentley  and  his  critical  method. 

Although  Bentley's  first  great  work  in  the  classics  was 
concerned  with  literary  and  historical  criticism,7  he  soon 
departed  on  a  path  more  essentially  his  own  —  verbal 
criticism.8  His  interest  in  this  phase  of  scholarship  was 
apparent  from  the  very  beginning.  The  pages  of  his  Epistle 
to  Mill  and  his  "Immortal  Dissertation "  are  strewn  with 
emendations.9  No  matter  what  argument  he  is  engaged 

6  I  have  reference  chiefly  to  English  scholars,  although  his  influence 
was  almost  as  pronounced  on  some  of  the  continental  scholars,  es 
pecially  the  Dutch. 

7  His  Dissertation  on  the  Epistles  of  Phalaris  is  considered  the  first 
piece  of  scientific  research. 

8  R.  C.  Jebb,  Richard  Bentley,  p.  215. 

9  "He  seemed  gifted  with  an  intuitive  sagacity  not  merely  to  detect 
error,  but  to  trace  the  source  of  it  —  words  which  seem  thrown  together 
at  random,  receive  sense  and  meaning  at  one  touch  of  his  wand.  ...  On 
the  whole  it  might  be  fairly  asserted  of  the  Epistle  to  Mill,  that  no  work 
of  classical  criticism  had  yet  appeared  since  the  revival  of  letters, 
which  in  the  same  number  of  pages  contained  such  variety  of  informa 
tion,  so  many  happy  emendations,  or  which  so  clearly  showed  that  a 
new  school  of  criticism  was  about  to  commence,  which  would  own 
Bentley  as  its  legitimate  parent."  —  De  Quincey's  review  of  Monk's 
Life  of  Bentley,  Quarterly  Review,  vol.  XLVI,  p.  125. 


34  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

upon,  he  never  hesitates  to  stop  and  correct  a  faulty  passage 
he  may  have  occasion  to  quote.  The  fragments  he  contrib 
uted  to  Graevius'  edition  of  Callimachus  are  brilliantly 
corrected  in  many  places,  while  the  three  critical  epistles 
attached  to  Kuster's  Aristophanes  are  composed  entirely 
of  emendations  on  that  poet.10 

Bentley  may  well  be  considered  the  first  modern  scholar, 
for  the  elements  underlying  his  scholarship  are  still  operative. 
First  there  was  a  massive  erudition  gained  from  most  ac 
curate  and  extensive  reading  of  books  and  manuscripts.  He 
is  reported  to  have  said  that  he  would  be  ready  to  die  at 
eighty,  since  by  then  he  would  have  read  everything  worth 
reading.  A  glance  through  any  of  his  notes  and  a  notice 
of  the  many  authors  therein  cited  will  convince  any  one 
of  the  extensiveness  of  his  erudition.  But  this  erudition 
could  not  have  been  of  much  use  had  it  not  been  in  working 
shape.  Scholars  like  Joshua  Barnes  had  learning,  but  they 
did  not  know  how  to  handle  it.  Bentley  systematized  his 
knowledge.  He  constructed  a  Hexapla,  in  the  first  column 
of  which  he  inserted  every  word  of  the  Hebrew  Bible,  and 
in  other  columns  the  corresponding  words  in  Chaldee, 
Syriac,  the  Vulgate,  Latin,  and  the  Septuagint.11  The 
collection  of  the  fragments  of  Callimachus  which  he  sent  to 
Graevius,  collected  from  innumerable  sources,  shows  at 
once  that  he  must  have  had  some  sort  of  index  of  writers 

10  After  speaking  of  Erasmus,  Scaliger,  and  Casaubon,  Jebb  says 
Bentley  "feels  the  greatness  of  his  predecessors  as  it  could   be    felt 
only  by  their  peer,  but  sees  that  the  very  foundations  on  which  they 
built  —  the  classical  books  themselves  —  must  be  rendered  sound,  if  the 
edifice  is  to  be  upheld  or  completed.     He  does  not  disparage  "higher" 
criticism  in  which  his  own  powers  were  so  signally  proved;    rather 
his  object  is  to  establish  it  firmly  on  the  only  basis  which  can  securely 
support  it,  the  basis  of  ascertained  texts."  —  R.  C.  Jebb,   Richard 
Bentley,  p.  216. 

11  Monk,  op.  tit.,  vol.  1,  p.  14. 


THE   RAGE    FOR   EMENDING  35 

quoted  by  subsequent  commentators,  which,  indeed,  Monk 
says  he  had.12  Not  only  did  he  systematize  his  knowledge 
in  actual  ways,  as  the  above,  but  his  mind  must  have  con 
tained  it  in  some  such  state.  Whenever  he  wishes  to  prove 
a  point,  he  has  a  way  of  bringing  forth  all  the  stores  of  ancient 
literature  that  pertain  to  it.  I  think  it  hardly  fair  to  Bentley 
or  his  critical  method  to  attribute  to  chance,  as  De  Quincey 
does,  the  out-of-the-way  evidence  he  calls  in  to  support 
his  thesis.13  The  spirit  of  modern  scholarship  is  the  desire 
to  gain  with  minute  accuracy  all  the  information  and  evi 
dence  on  the  subject  of  the  investigation,  arranged  and 
ordered  in  its  proper  relations.  Imbued  with  this  spirit, 
Bentley,  instead  of  losing  himself  in  a  maze  of  unorganized 
knowledge,  learned  to  systematize  his  material  in  such 
a  way  that  he  could  focus  upon  a  point,  however  minute, 
almost  all  that  could  throw  any  light  upon  it. 

Another  support  of  Bentley 's  method  was  logic.  In  this, 
together  with  judgment,  he  seemed  to  take  most  pride.  In 
the  Phalaris  dissertation  he  frequently  twits  Boyle  (and 
with  him  his  collaborators)  for  his  lack  of  logic.14  While 
depreciating  a  discovery  of  his  own  Bentley  says,  "Such  a 
discovery  is  but  a  business  of  chance,  or  at  the  best  of  bare 
industry,  neither  is  there  any  sagacity  or  judgment  required 
to  it."  15  Again,  "If  I  do  not  make  false  judgments  of 
things,  and  if  I  reason  truly  from  premises,  for  a  bare  error 
of  the  memory  I  shall  not  be  solicitous."  16  He  had  perfect 
command  over  the  materials  of  his  learning,  and  built  up 
his  proofs  with  all  the  sureness  and  accuracy  of  a  master 
builder.  There  had  been  scholars  of  as  great  if  not  greater 

12  Idem,  vol.  1,  p.  16. 

13  The  Collected  Writings  of  Thomas  De  Quincey,  by  David  Masson. 
London,  1897,  vol.  IV,  pp.  198,  215. 

14  A.  Dyce,  Works  of  Richard  Bentky,  vol.  2,  p.  16. 
16  A.  Dyce,  Works  of  Richard  Bentley,  vol.  1,  p.  428. 
18  Idem,  vol.  2,  p.  27. 


36 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


erudition,  but  none  whose  reasoning  was  so  close  and  clear. 
Whether  he  is  eradicating  a  textual  error,  controverting 
atheists,  or  establishing  the  spuriousness  of  the  Phalaris 
letters,  the  same  powerful  analytical  spirit  is  active. 

In  addition  Bentley's  work  has  the  touch  of  the  modern 
spirit  in  its  insistence  on  minute  accuracy.  He  spends  a 
score  of  pages  of  his  Epistola  ad  Millium  proving  that  "  Male- 
las"  should  be  written  with  an  "s."  This  insistence  upon 
"trifles"  was  the  ground  of  the  bitterest  attacks  on  him  as 
a  pedant.  His  enemies  believed  that  only  the  large  things, 
such  as  sentiment  and  philosophy,  were  of  importance. 
In  the  preface  to  his  examination  of  Bentley's  dissertation 
Boyle  characterizes  the  Phalaris  controversy  as  trivial  and 
frivolous.17  "I  am  not  very  fond  of  Controversies  even 
where  the  Points  debated  are  of  some  importance;  but  in 
trivial  matters,  and  such  as  Mankind  is  not  at  all  concern'd 
in,  methinks  they  are  unpardonable."  Another  feature 
of  this  minute  study  that  attracted  the  scorn  of  the  wits 
was  the  establishment  of  chronology,  to  which  Bentley  had 
paid  considerable  attention  in  his  dissertation.  They  ask 
the  question  what  use  it  is  to  know  that  a  writer  was  born 
in  such  and  such  a  consulship  or  Olympiad ;  better  spend 
the  time  comprehending  and  studying  the  works  of  the 
ancients.  Bentley  used  his  extensive  learning,  not  to  express 
a  general  view  of  antiquity,  but  to  establish  some  particular 
point.  He  was  master  of  his  knowledge,  and  wielded  it 
with  ruthless  logic  toward  the  correction  of  error  and  the 
establishment  of  truth.  In  comparing  Bentley  with  Scaliger 
Jebb  says, 

While  Scaliger  had  constantly  before  him  the  conception  of  antiq 
uity  as  a  whole  to  be  mentally  grasped,  Bentley's  criticism  rested 

17  Dr.  Bentky's  Dissertation  on  the  Epistles  of  Phalaris,  and  the  Fables 
of  Aesop  examined  By  the  Honourable  Charles  Boyle,  Esq.  London, 
1698. 


THE   RAGE    FOR   EMENDING  37 

on  a  knowledge  more  complete  in  detail;  it  was  also  conducted 
with  a  closer  and  more  powerful  logic.18 

As  stated  previously,  Bentley's  work  falls  into  the  two 
divisions  of  " higher"  and  textual  criticism.  He  himself 
laid  the  emphasis  upon  the  latter,  and  it  was  this  that  exerted 
such  an  influence  over  English  scholarship  in  the  eighteenth 
century.  The  critical  method  employed  in  both  these 
fields  was  practically  the  same,  although  directed  toward 
different  ends.  Compare,  for  instance,  his  works  on  Phalaris 
and  Horace.  There  is  in  both  the  abandonment  of  tradi 
tion  for  the  deductions  of  reason  from  knowledge,  in  the 
one  the  tradition  of  authorship,  in  the  other  the  tradition 
of  old  readings ;  the  same  systematic  use  of  all  the  stores  of 
his  knowledge  toward  the  establishment,  in  one,  of  a  histori 
cal  or  chronological  fact,  in  the  other,  of  a  new  reading; 
and  the  same  copious  and  pertinent  citing  of  authorities. 
Nor  is  his  logic  more  conspicuous  in  one  than  the  other,  al 
though  in  textual  criticism  it  led  him  into  more  mistakes, 
because  logic  and  poetry  do  not  always  agree  so  well  as  logic 
and  fact. 

Since  we  are  concerned  chiefly  with  the  textual  side  of 
Bentley's  criticism,  it  will  be  well  to  analyze  his  notes,  the 
concrete  expression  of  his  critical  method.  Practically  all 
of  them  conform  to  the  same  model.  The  passage 
with  the  common  or  accepted  reading  is  first  introduced, 
and  together  with  the  various  manuscript  readings  and 
previous  emendations  is  critically  examined.19  One  by  one 

18  R.  C.  Jebb,  Richard  Bentley,  p.  213. 

19  Cf.  Latin  Manuscripts,  by  Harold  W.  Johnston,  Chicago,  1897. 
The  method  here  given  by  Professor  Johnston  for  modern  textual 
criticism  tallies  almost  exactly  with  that  employed  by  Bentley,  the 
only  difference  being  that,  owing  to  the  improved  study  of  paleography 
and  manuscripts,  more  attention  is  now  paid  to  diplomatic  criticism. 
Practically  all  the  technical  terms  we  use  are  derived  from  this  book. 
Grammatical  criticism  has  to  do  with  violations  of  the  laws  of  the 


38 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


the  different  readings  are  subjected  to  a  searching  exam 
ination.  Where  grammatical,  historical,  or  aesthetic  tests 
prove  a  corruption  in  the  manuscript  and  failure  on  the 
part  of  previous  scholars  to  remove  it,  Bentley  flashes 
upon  us  his  emendation.  Immediately  he  begins  to  apply 
the  tests  again  in  support  of  his  conjecture.  He  brings 
forth  his  knowledge  of  grammar,  metrics,  history,  and  the 
customs  of  the  ancients,  and  shows  the  consistency  of  his 
correction  with  the  rest  of  the  passage.  As  one  of  his  main 
supports  he  quotes  from  various  authors  passages  in  which 
the  word  he  puts  forward  is  used  in  a  similar  way,  or  passages 
which  prove  a  historical  or  grammatical  fact  which  he  as 
serts  in  support  of  his  emendation.20  Even  where  his 
corrections  are  absolutely  unconvincing,  these  commentaries 
are  often  of  value,  so  that  Bentley  teaches  even  when  he  is 
wrong. 

So  well  defined  is  this  method  that  the  qualities  that 
came  to  be  attributed  to  critics  can  with  some  definiteness 
be  localized.  Judgment  (judicium)  operated  in  ascertaining 
that  there  was  an  error  in  the  text,  sagacity  (sagacitas  or 
ingenium)  invented  the  emendation,  and  learning  (eruditio) 

language,  and  with  passages  where  there  is  unintelligibility  or  con 
tradiction  in  thought.  Historical  criticism  is  operative  when  the 
passage  contradicts  knowledge  gained  from  other  sources.  Aesthetic 
criticism  levies  upon  what  offends  the  taste,  as  unpoetical,  unoratorical, 
undignified,  etc.  Professor  Johnston's  method  falls  into  three  divi 
sions:  the  critical  doubt,  and  the  failure  of  diplomatic  criticism  to 
eradicate  it;  the  emendation;  and  the  conjectural  criticism,  which 
brings  to  bear  all  the  tests  to  support  the  emendation,  pp.  86-112. 
20  For  example  see  his  note  on  Horace,  Bk.  Ill,  Carm.  VI,  v.  20, 
where,  to  "sustain  the  audacity  of  this  conjecture  by  weight  of  num 
bers  and  thick  phalanxes,"  he  quotes  four  separate  passages  from 
Virgil,  one  from  Ovid,  four  from  Martial,  three  from  Statius,  one  from 
Ausonius,  one  from  Prudentius,  one  from  Lucilius,  one  from  Cicero, 
and  one  from  Claudian. 


THE   RAGE   FOR   EMENDING  39 

tested  and  supported  the  emendation.21  Of  course  learning 
was  brought  to  play  on  all  parts  of  the  method  (as  was,  to  a 
less  degree,  judgment),  but  it  was  shown  more  conspicuously 
in  supporting  a  reading. 

The  success  of  Bentley's  method  was  noticeable  from  the 
start.  His  Epistle  to  Mill,  published  1691,  contains  a  large 
number  of  emendations,  the  quality  of  which  led  one  scholar 
to  say,  after  reading  the  proof  sheets  of  the  work,  that  Bentley 
was  the  only  living  person  competent  to  restore  the  remains 
of  the  Greek  poets  from  the  depredations  of  time.  A  few 
years  later  his  notes  sent  to  continental  scholars  drew  from 
their  lips  the  highest  encomiums,  and  expressions  such  as 
"the  new  light  of  learning"  became  quite  the  order  of  the 
day.22  In  England  scholars  were  somewhat  slower  in  ap 
preciating  Bentley.  Since  he  had  been  on  the  unpopular 
side  in  the  Phalaris  controversy,  and  was  engaged  in  a  long 
drawn-out  dispute  in  Trinity  College,  personal  feelings  and 
prejudices  operated  against  recognition  of  his  genius.  But 
with  the  publication  of  Horace,  1711,  there  was  no  dodging 
the  issue;  English  scholars  began  to  show  an  awakened 
interest  and  appreciation.  John  Da  vies,  who  had  spoken 
highly  of  Bentley  in  the  preface  to  his  edition  of  Cicero's 
Tusculans,  1709,  a  few  years  later  calls  him  "literae  Bri- 
tanniae  decus."  23  Clark,  in  the  preface  to  his  edition  of 
Caesar,  1712,  speaks  of  Bentley  as  a  "vir  in  hujus  modi 
rebus  peritia  incredibili,  et  criticus  unus  omnes  longe  longeque 
judicio  et  sagacitate  antecellans."  Francis  Hare  judged 

21  See  the  close  of  Styvan  Thirlby's  dedication  of  his  edition  of 
Justin  Martyr,  where  he  says  Grabius  is  no  critic,  lacking  genius, 
judgment,  and  learning:   Casaubon  very  learned,  but  in  want  of  judg 
ment  and  genius.     Here  genius  (ingenium)  means  sagacity,  or  that 
quality  in  a  critic  that  must  be  rather  innate  than  acquired. 

22  See  the  Letter  to   the  Bishop  of  Ely,  where  Bentley  enumerates 
the  scholars  who  held  him  in  high  esteem,  a  passage  ridiculed  by  Swift 
in  A  Vindication  of  Isaac  Bickerstaff. 

23  "Lectori"  to  edition  of  Cicero's  De  Natura  Deorum,  1717. 


40 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


him  to  be  easily  the  first  in  critical  matters,24  and  Jeremiah 
Markland  in  various  places  praised  him  in  exaggerated 
terms.25 

Scholars  of  the  old  school,  such  as  Joshua  Barnes,  and 
believers  in  the  polite  type  of  learning,  such  as  the  Christ 
Church  group  and  their  attendants,  set  themselves  in  op 
position  to  Bentley  and  all  he  stood  for.  But  the  rising 
generation  of  scholars  —  Hare,  Markland,  Pearce,  and  the 
like  —  soon  fell  in  behind  him.  More  and  more  attention 
began  to  be  paid  to  the  obscurity  of  texts.  The  impulse 
toward  textual  criticism  came  from  him,  and  his  method 
was  adopted;  even  the  manner  of  correcting  and  the  form 
of  textual  notes  resembled  his  more  or  less  closely.26  Bentley 
began  an  epoch;  he  established  a  new  school  of  criticism, 
to  which  the  greatest  scholars  of  later  times  have  belonged.27 

The  greatest  fault  with  Bentley's  criticism  was  his  predi 
lection  for  conjecture  beyond  reasonable  limits.  While 
his  work  was  by  no  means  confined  to  this  single  phase  — 
his  collation  was  thorough  and  his  elucidations  very  in 
structive  —  he  soon  made  it  apparent  that  he  considered 
•conjectural  criticism  his  forte.  It  was  in  this  that  he  ex- 

24  Hare's  edition  of  Terence.  London,  1724.     Praefatio,  p.  xxvi. 

26  For  further  appreciation  of  Bentley,  see  Bibliographia  Literaria 
(1723),  No.  6,  Article  3,  and  the  two  poems  addressed  to  Bentley  at 
the  end  of  the  article,  the.  first  in  Greek  trochaics,  "Clarissimo  Viro 
R.  Bentleio  post  Lambinium  et  Torrentium  suas  in  Horatium  Ani- 
madversiones  evulganti";  the  other  in  Latin  elegiacs,  "In  Horatium 
nitori  pristino  restitutum  VI  Idus  Decembris,  die  quo  natus  ipse  est, 
a  Summo  Viro  R.  B."  This  article  was  written  by  Wasse,  who  in 
the  prefaces  to  his  edition  of  Salust,  1710,  called  Bentley  a  "vir  in  omni 
literarum  genere  maximus." 

26  For  example,  see  J.  Markland's  edition  of  Statius,  London,  1728, 
p.   117.     For  less  conspicuous  examples,   see  the  notes  in  Zackary 
Pearce's  edition  of  the  De  Sublimitate  of  Longinus,  1724. 

27  See  Monk,  op.  tit.,  vol.  1,  p.  15;   vol.  2,  p.  418;   and  the  article 
on  Bentley  in  Enc.  Brit.,  ninth  ed. 


THE   RAGE   FOR   EMENDING  41 

perienced  most  joy  and  won  most  praise.  The  older  he 
grew,  the  more  inclined  he  became  to  trust  his  own  judg 
ment  as  to  what  an  author  wrote,  until  his  rashness  came 
near  dimming  the  luster  of  his  earlier  brilliant  work. 

This  emphasis  upon  emendatory  criticism  was  made  known 
to  the  public  in  a  most  emphatic  way  in  his  edition  of  Horace, 
1711.  In  the  preface  to  that  work  the  great  critic  first 
declared,  in  so  many  words,  that  he  considered  conjecture 
more  certain  than  manuscript  reading,  and  reason  and  the 
sense  of  the  passage  itself  stronger  than  a  hundred  manu 
scripts.  In  his  previous  emendations  he  had  often 
departed  from  the  manuscripts,  but  his  conjectures  were 
made  nearly  entirely  on  Greek  authors  where  the  manu 
scripts  were  very  corrupt  and  their  meaning  unintelligible. 
On  the  other  hand,  the  manuscripts  and  editions  of  Horace 
were  numerous  and  fairly  good ;  much  care,  also,  had  been 
expended  upon  the  text  in  the  way  of  collation  and  emenda 
tion.  Thus  Bentley  did  not  find  as  broad  a  field  for  con 
jecture  as  formerly.  Before,  he  had  restricted  himself  to 
passages  where  the  meaning  was  almost  or  entirely  obscured ; 
but  in  this  edition  unintelligibility  ceased  to  be  the  main 
reason  for  conjecture.  He  tried  to  introduce  into  Horace 
a  verbal  accuracy  and  logical  consistency,  and  trusted  his 
judgment  of  what  was  elegant  or  smooth  to  such  an  extent 
as  to  make  it  a  determining  factor  in  his  conjectures. 

The  effect  of  this  performance  was  twofold.  Jebb  says, 
"But  while  the  Horace  shows  Bentley 's  critical  method  on 
a  large  scale  and  in  a  most  striking  form,  it  illustrates  his 
defects  as  conspicuously  as  his  strength."  28  The  defect 
was  a  readiness,  doubtless  engendered  by  previous  success  in 
corrupt  Greek  texts,  to  correct,  by  strict  logic  and  the  normal 
usage  of  words,  passages  which  made  very  good  meaning 
.as  they  stood  —  a  readiness  that  proved  disastrous  to 
28  R.  C.  Jebb.  op.  tit.,  p.  125. 


42  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

Bentley  because  he  possessed  a  judicium  logicum  rather  than 
judidum  poeticum.  The  liberty  of  emending  was  naturally 
resented  by  a  few  scholars.  Bishop  Hare  represents  this 
feeling  in  saying,29 

The  foremost  men  in  criticism  have  bound  themselves  with  such 
reverence  to  trust  in  the  parchments  in  the  recension  of  the  writ 
ings  of  the  ancients,  that  they  always  considered  it  wrong  to  with 
draw  the  least  particle  from  these,  unless  in  a  case  that  is  completely 
understood,  or  to  insert  conjectures  into  the  text  of  an  author 
which  are  not  clear,  transparent,  certain,  and  plainly  necessary. 
This  was  the  plan  of  the  critics  in  handling  the  writings  of  the 
ancients,  this  their  religion,  until  Bentley,  "that  new  light  of  our 
Britain,"  arose,  who  as  if  he  had  obtained,  sole  and  alone,  the 
highest  place  in  Criticism,  denied  that  laws  applied  to  him,  and  does 
not  suffer  himself  to  be  restrained  by  any  rules;  he  recognizes  no 
limit  to  the  power  of  his  criticism;  by  virtue  of  his  arbitrary  au 
thority  he  riots  with  impunity  in  the  writings  of  the  ancients; 
and  allows  whatever  pleases. 

But  the  more  powerful  effect  of  the  Horace  was  to 
strengthen  a  growing  attitude  toward  texts.  Scholars  began 
to  view  them  with  suspicious  eyes.  In  his  edition  of  Statius, 
Markland  says  there  are  things  in  the  Aeneid  which  he, 
although  the  worst  poet  in  the  world,  would  not  admit  into 
a  poem  of  his  —  many  passages  contradictory,  languid, 
trifling,  defective  in  the  spirit  and  majesty  of  heroic  poetry. 
He  exclaims  what  a  divine  poet  Virgil  would  have  been  had 
he  always  written  as  he  did  in  the  second,  fourth,  and  sixth 
books.  Then  he  adds,  "Et  tu  quidem  sic  omnia  Scripsisses, 
si  tibi  permissent  Tempus  et  male  feristi  Homines  :  sed  nunc 
pars  minima  es  ipse  Tui."  30  Texts  were  judged,  a  priori, 
to  be  corrupt,  blame  being  laid  upon  time  and  the  gram 
marians.  It  was  of  no  moment  that  a  reading  was  perfectly 

29  Epistola  Critica,  p.  4  (translated  from  the  Latin). 

30  Statius,  1728.     Praefatio,  p.  viii. 


THE   RAGE   FOR   EMENDING  43 

intelligible  and  no  corruption  evident ;  one  might  lurk  deep 
beneath  the  surface.  To  correct  an  obvious  obscurity  was 
glory  enough,  but  to  correct  an  unsuspected  reading  was 
more  glorious  still.  In  a  letter  to  Warburton,  Theobald 
says  with  much  pride,  "I  have  been  so  impudent  as  to  sus 
pect  that  Eustathius  sometimes  wants  restoring,  where  he 
has  never  before,  that  I  know,  been  suspected  of  being 
faulty."  31  Men  sought  for  faults,  and  because  they  read 
texts  with  this  idea  in  mind,  discovered  many  obscurities 
that  were  merely  their  own  hallucinations.  They  were 
obsessed  with  this  idea  of  faulty  texts.  Bentley's  Horace 
had  opened  their  eyes  to  many  interpretations  of  which 
they  had  never  dreamed.  Atterbury  might  well  express 
his  alarm  over  finding  so  many  places  in  Horace  that  he 
had  not  understood  before. 

This  distrust  of  accepted  readings  became  something  like 
a  psychological  prepossession,  wherein  conjecture  assumed 
an  added  glory.  What  else  can  explain  Bentley's  Milton? 
In  this  skeptical  attitude  towards  books  and  manuscripts 
and  in  the  search  for  possible  inconsistencies,  the  wish 
became  father  of  the  thought,  and  self-deception  tended 
to  destroy  all  sense  of  values.  Perhaps  the  worst  example 
of  the  mania  is  to  be  found  in  Jeremiah  Markland,  who, 
after  Bentley,  was  one  of  the  foremost  English  scholars  of 
his  day.  In  his  edition  of  Euripides  he  declares  that  after 
all  the  pains  he  and  others  have  taken  to  explain  Horace, 
there  is  not  a  single  ode,  epode,  or  satire  which  he  can  truly 
and  honestly  say  he  perfectly  understands.  Of  this  Kurd 
asks, 

Was  there  ever  a  better  instance  of  a  poor  man's  puzzling  and 
confounding  himself  by  his  own  obscure  diligence,  or  a  better  ex 
emplification  of  the  old  remark  nae  intelligendo  faciunt  ut  nihil 
intelligant?  —  After  all,  I  believe  the  Author  is  a  very  good  man, 

31  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  552. 


44  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

and  a  learned;  but  a  miserable  instance  of  a  man  of  slender  parts 
and  sense,  besotted  by  a  fondness  for  his  own  peculiar  study,  and 
stupefied  by  an  intense  application  to  the  minutiae  of  it.32 

One  of  Markland's  emendations  shows  very  clearly  this 
searching  for  faults  and  this  unnecessary  correcting,  together 
with  the  joy  of  it  all.  Although  the  note  is  long,  it  gives 
such  a  true  picture  of  the  correcting  craze,  that  it  may  not 
be  amiss  to  quote  the  larger  part  of  it.  It  is  on  the  twenty- 
ninth  verse  of  the  first  Sermo.  Horace  is  here  speaking  of 
how  every  man  is  dissatisfied  with  his  own  vocation  and 
envies  that  of  another.  For  example  he  takes  four  men  — 
farmer,  merchant,  lawyer,  and  soldier.  These  he  first 
calls  miles,  mercator,  agricola,  and  legum  peritus.  When 
he  mentions  them  again,  they  are  miles,  mercator,  consultus, 
and  rusticus.  In  their  next  appearance  they  are 

Ille  gravem  duro  terrain  qui  vertit  aratro 
Perfidus  hie  caupo,  miles,  nautaeque  per  omne. 

Markland  objects  to  caupo,  which  means  huckster  or  peddler, 
being  introduced  and  the  lawyer  left  out.  He  proceeds 
about  his  emendation  in  this  manner : 

Perfidus  hie  caupo,  miles,  nautaeque  per  omne  —  which  is  the 
same  as  if  he  had  narrated  in  this  fashion,  "these  four  men,  for 
sooth  agricola,  miles,  mercator,  and,"  what  was  the  other?  Juris 
consultus,  I  think  you  will  say:  rightly  but  where  will  you  find 
it?  It  has  gone,  and  in  its  place  there  has  been  substituted  this 
caupo,  in  truth  perfidus,  inasmuch  as  it  has  by  the  greatest  fraud 

32  Nichols,  Literary  Anecedotes,  vol.  4,  p.  290.  Markland  expresses 
a  similar  sentiment  in  the  preface  to  his  Statius  (p.  v),  where  he  says 
there  are  hardly  ten  consecutive  lines  of  the  eclogues  that  hitherto 
he  had  understood:  "Statim  enim  deprehendi,  non  cum  Punctis  et 
Apicibus  et  Minutiis  hisce  Criticis  rem  mihi  futuram;  sed  debellanda 
esse  monstra  horrenda,  informia,  ingentia,  (ut  ille  ait)  quibus  omne 
lumen  ademtum" 


THE   RAGE   FOR   EMENDING  45 

ejected  an  innocent  man  from  his  legitimate  possession.  For  you 
who  best  understand  the  genius  of  Horace  and  his  skill  in  literary 
art,  will  never,  I  believe,  bring  yourself  to  think  that  the  divine 
Mnemosyne  played  such  tricks  with  our  Venusinus  that,  although 
a  little  before  he  twice  made  mention  of  Juris  peritus,  now  sud 
denly  and  in  the  same  series  of  representations  he  pokes  caupo 
at  us.  This  is  the  same  as  to  make  a  woman  beautiful  in  the 
upper  part  of  her  body,  but  like  a  fish  beneath:  it  is  impossible  ever 
to  find  this  levity  in  Horace,  with  whom  this  is  the  rule,  that  a 
poem  is  sustained  to  the  end  as  it  commenced.  If  Tully,  when 
he  speaks  of  beauty,  shows  this,  "  Since  there  are  two  kinds  of 
beauty,  in  one  of  which  there  is  grace,  in  the  other  dignity,  we 
ought  to  consider  grace  a  womanly  quality,  and  ill-will  (malitia) 
a  manly  quality;"  does  not  this  seem  wonderful?  What  did  this 
same  critic  [Bentley]  do?  Did  he  not  against  the  authority  of 
all  the  MSS  substitute  dignitatem  for  malitiam?  certainly,  for 
Cicero  could  not  have  written  otherwise:  nor  would  he  believe 
Cicero,  if  Cicero  himself  affirmed  he  wrote  otherwise:  for  this 
would  be,  as  Quintilian  facetiously  remarks,  to  begin  in  a  storm 
and  end  in  flames  and  ruin.  This  place  of  Flaccus  is  altogether 
in  an  equal  circumstance.  Besides  I  ask  what  does  hie  caupo  wish 
for  itself?  as  if  something  about  caupo  had  preceded.  Which 
must  have  happened  in  order  that  "hie"  should  hold  its  place 
rightly.  You  have  the  reasons,  and  indeed  very  strong  ones, 
why  I  number  this  passage  among  the  corrupt :  would  that  with  the 
same  labor  it  were  permitted  to  replace  it  among  the  restored, 
for  that  is  sound  as  it  is  now  borne  about,  persuasion  herself, 
could  never  persuade  me  —  Indeed,  I  have  often  suspected  that 
the  word  consultus  or  causidicus  lurked  in  this  place,  as  the  sense 
entirely  demands  unless  you  wish  to  argue  Horace  guilty  of  in 
consistency  and  absurdities.  And,  for  very  truth,  unless  my 
eyes  deceive  me,  that  which  I  wish,  I  dream,  I  see  approaching 
in  the  manner  of  the  Sabines,  that  very  Trebonianus  himself,  under 
the  mask  of  this  perfidus  caupo;  but  so  changed  that  Deiphobus, 
whom  Virgil  mentions,  scarcely  wore  a  worse  habit.  Therefore, 
let  us  look  more  attentively  in  this  manner, 


46  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

Perfidus  hie  caupo 
Behold  when  these  letters,  fidus  hie  cau,  are  reversed  a  little, 
there  comes  out  the  word  causidicus  of  the  same  number  of  syl 
lables,  as  the  word  which  we  are  seeking:  for  s  and  f  (as  Bentley 
notes  elsewhere)  are  the  same  in  the  MSS;  and  vowels  or  the 
aspirate  h  are  very  often  elided  in  the  middle  of  words,  as  in  Jul. 
Firmicus.  Astrologia.  VIII.  21.  instead  of  nobilis  faciet  nothos, 
write  notos.  Now  why,  good  man,  do  you  look  askance?  Do 
you  consider  it  of  no  significance  that  all  these  letters  that  make 
up  the  desired  word,  although  interchanged,  yet  have  assembled  in 
this  place  where  it  is  most  necessary  for  them  to  be?  For  beware 
how  you  object  that  Epicurean  objection,  the  fortuitous  concourse 
of  letters;  since  I  have  a  response  ready  for  you  from  Cicero, 
indeed  from  the  Iliad  of  Homer,  and  the  Annals  of  Ennius. 

But  I  grant,  you  will  say,  that  this  causidicus  has  been  restored 
to  its  old  place,  what  will  be  done  about  the  rest  of  the  verse? 
Indeed,  it  is  not  clear  to  me;  and  I  am  forced  to  ask  the  aid  of  the 
tribuni;  and  the  labor  is  between  you  and  Bentley;  for  you  two, 
or  no  one,  are  those  who  can  restore  Horace  to  Horace.  But 
since  he  who  has  once  transgressed  the  bounds  of  modesty  ought 
to  be  entirely  impudent,  I  proceed  to  make  sacrifices  to  the  god 
of  laughter.  An  adjective  for  the  word  causidicus  seems  to  be 
desired,  which  must  be  forged  out  of  the  two  syllables  Po  and  Per: 
Let  us  try  whether  Mercury  can  be  fashioned  out  of  this  rude  stick, 
in  this  manner, 

Causidicus  vafer, 

which  agrees  so  well  with  this  passage,  that  if  Flaccus  has  not 
given  it  thus,  nevertheless  he  could  have  given  it  thus  in  a  cor 
rect  and  happy  manner.  For  elsewhere,  Sermo.  I.  3.  de  juris 
consulto. 

Ut  Alsenus  Vafer,  omni 
And  II.  2.  v.  131 

Ilium  aut  nequitias,  aut  vafri  inscitia  juris. 
Therefore  the  whole  passage  I  restore  thus 

Causidicus  vafer  hie,  miles,  nautaeque. 

For  you  have  the  four  genuine  dramatis  personae;  and  at  the 
same  time  you  will  notice  how  aptly  balanced  hie  and  ille  are,  and 


THE   RAGE    FOR   EMENDING  47 

how  beautifully  through  the  whole  narration  the  phases  are  varied; 
so  that  him  whom  before  he  called  Agricola,  and  rure  extractus, 
and  rusticus,  now  he  calls  him  who  turns  the  earth  with  his  plow; 
whom  before  a  merchant  now  a  sailor  who  hurries  over  every 
sea;  whom  before  a  juris  legumque  peritus,  and  consultus,  now 
a  causidicus;  most  likely  to  avoid  tedium  which  is  wont  to  arise 
in  the  minds  of  the  readers  from  the  excessive  repetition  of  the 
same  word.33 

Then  he  goes  on  to  give  examples  where  letters  have  been 
disordered  and  reversed,  but  our  patience  is  exhausted,  and 
we  can  sympathize  with  Pope : 

For  thee,  explain  a  thing  till  all  men  doubt  it, 
And  write  about  it,  Goddess,  and  about  it. 

To  such  length  was  this  mania  carried.  The  above  note 
occurs  in  Markland's  Epistola  Critica,  1723,  a  book  of  some 
two  hundred  pages  consisting  entirely  of  emendations  from 
nearly  fifty  different  authors.  It  was  quite  the  fashion  to 
issue  notes  on  one  or  more  authors  independent  of  any  text. 
In  such  manner  Bentley  published  his  emendations  of 
Philemon  and  Menander.  And  to  works  of  this  kind  Shake 
speare  Restored  exactly  corresponds.  Since  a  correction 
stood  on  its  own  footing,  there  was  nothing  to  prevent  an 
emendation  of  Homer  standing  side  by  side  with  one  of 
Lucian. 

There  were. several  factors  at  work  fostering  this  rage  for 
emending.  The  success  and  convincing  nature  of  Bentley's 
method  inspired  scholars  with  a  sincere  faith  in  the  efficacy 
of  conjectural  criticism.34  From  this  belief  there  developed 

33  Translated  from  the  Latin. 

34  In  his  preface  to  Statins,   Markland  stoutly  upholds  the  need 
and  power  of  conjecture,  saying  that  what  we  now  read  is  not  Statius, 
but  some  unknown  person;    that  to  pass  by  obscure  places  is  a  dis 
regard  of  duty,  which  leads  to  "Incertitude  in  Studiis,"  "Despicatio," 
and  "  contemtus."     Of  five  hundred  such  places  in  his  edition  he  feels 


48  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

a  joy  in  seeing  literature  rescued  from  the  ravages  of  time. 
A  somewhat  romantic  feeling  accompanied  the  restoration 
of  ancient  writings  to  their  pristine  purity,  a  certain  feeling 
of  partnership  with  the  author,  so  that  critics  felt  as  though 
they  were  actually  assisting  him.  In  speaking  of  the  preface 
to  Bentley's  Phaedrus,  Hare  says  Bentley  promised  great 
and  glorious  things,  "  Phaedrus  sick  and  ulcerous  up  to  now, 
would  at  last  be  restored  to  his  pristine  integrity  by  his 
powers,  as  though  he  were  another  Aesculapius."  35  Ac 
cording  to  Markland  conjecture  may  well  be  deemed  the 
preserver  of  all  antiquity : 

For  you  best  know  that  access  to  an  exact  knowledge  of  antiq 
uity  and  to  perfect  erudition  is  altogether  denied  without  this 
art;  and  he  has  accomplished  little  in  reading  the  antients,  who 
ever  has  not  seized  upon  many  errors  of  this  kind  in  their  writings.36 

In  the  dedication  to  his  Justin  Martyr,  Thirlby  goes  still 
farther : 

Whatever  pleasure  or  utility  there  is  in  universal  knowledge, 
criticism  demands  in  its  own  right  all  of  this  to  be  placed  to  its 
credit,  since  on  it  depends  the  whole  knowledge  of  antiquity, 
and  to  it  we  owe  whatever  of  ancient  books  is  extant  in  no  less 
degree  than  to  the  authors  themselves,  whom,  were  it  not  for 
the  critics,  we  would  not  have  read,  but  in  their  place  we  would 
have  read  the  comments  and  errors  of  stupid  librarians,  and  thus 
no  one  would  ever  understand  authors,  nor  could  he  understand 
them,  unless  he  knew  criticism. 

uncertain  about  only  fifty,  while  some  of  his  conjectures  he  regards 
as  possessed  of  almost  mathematical  certainty.  Of  one  of  his  emen 
dations  (p.  xii)  he  asks,  "  Quis  tarn  inepte  fautor  Veterum  Lectionum, 
ut  non  hoc  concedat?  nemo  certe:  nisi  si  quis  tarn  durus  reperiri 
queat,  ut  fateatur  se  Vetera  et  Falsa  quam  Recentia  et  Vera  malle; 
cujus  Sinisteritatem  pro  Judicio  suspicare,  nae  esset  indicium  mentis 
infinnae,  &  Veritatis  Numine  parum  contactae." 

36  Hare's  Epistola  Critica,  p.  5. 

36  Markland's  Epistola  Critica,  p.  2.  Both  quotations  are  trans 
lated  from  the  Latin. 


THE   RAGE   FOR   EMENDING  49 

And  a  little  farther  down  he  says  he  would  not  place  criticism 
"lower  than  any  art  either  in  dignity  of  matter  or  utility 
of  gift."  37  He  even  goes  so  far  as  to  say  that  the  very 
worst  critics,  bereft  of  judgment  and  reasons,  stupid  and 
dull,  sometimes  make  corrections  that  cannot  be  called  into 
doubt. 

Another  has  paid  his  tribute  to  criticism,  but  rather  as 
one  who  appreciates  than  as  one  who  has  indulged  in  it. 
Owing  to  his  prominence  in  this  work  his  words  have  an 
added  significance.  Writing  in  The  Censor,  April  20,  1715, 
Theobald  expresses  his  regard  for  antiquity  and  criticism : 

I  am  so  professed  an  Admirer  of  Antiquity,  that  I  am  never 
better  pleased  with  the  Labours  of  my  Contemporaries,  than 
when  they  busy  themselves  in  retrieving  the  sacred  Monuments 
of  their  Forefathers  from  Obscurity  and  Oblivion.  .  .  .  We  Lovers 
of  Antiquity  have  our  Foibles  of  this  Nature,  which  we  keep  up 
with  a  very  innocent  Superstition.  For  my  own  part,  the  Shelves 
of  my  Study  are  filled  with  curious  Volumes  in  all  sorts  of  Litera 
ture,  that  preserve  the  Fragments  of  great  and  venerable  Authors. 
These  I  consider  as  so  many  precious  Collections  from  a  Shipwreck 
of  inestimable  Value;  comforting  myself  for  the  loss  of  the  general 
Cargo,  by  the  greater  Price  and  Esteem  that  ought  to  be  set  upon 
the  injured  Remains.  In  opposite  Columns  to  these  stand  the 
Restorers  of  ancient  Learning  who  are  continually  snatching  deli 
cious  Morsels  from  the  Mouth  of  Time,  and  forcing  that  general 
Robber  to  a  Restitution  of  his  ill-gotten  Goods.  .  .  .  When  upon 
stumbling  over  the  first  Shelves  I  have  discovered  an  uncommon 
Beauty  and  Strength  of  Wit  in  an  imperfect  Paragraph,  I  grieve 
as  much  that  I  cannot  recover  the  Whole,  as  a  brave  man  would 
for  the  Amputation  of  a  Limb,  from  a  strong  and  vigorous  Body 
that  had  done  his  country  great  Services,  and  seemed  to  promise  it 
yet  greater.  If  upon  these  Occasions  any  of  the  learned  happen 
to  have  supplied  that  Defect,  by  restoring  a  maimed  Sentence  to 

37  It  is  well  to  keep  in  mind  that  throughout  this  period  criticism 
means  textual  criticism,  and  that,  for  the  most  part,  conjectural. 


50  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

its  original  Life  and  Spirit,  I  pay  him  the  same  Regard  as  the 
ancient  Romans  did  to  one  who  has  preserved  the  life  of  a  fellow- 
citizen.  In  the  disposition  of  Homer's  Battles,  we  find  that  excel 
lent  Poet  has  placed  the  Physician  at  a  convenient  Nearness  to 
the  fighting  Hero  to  be  in  readiness  to  cure  his  Wounds,  and  my 
generous  Critics  observe  the  same  Order,  and  stand  prepared  to 
come  into  the  Assistance  of  an  injured  Author. 

Another  element  underlying  this  prepossession  was  the 
fascination  of  emending.  There  are  all  the  attractions  of  a 
puzzle  in  seeing  what  can  be  substituted  and  still  satisfy 
the  requirements  of  the  passage.  Men  engaged  in  it  as  a 
tour  de  force.  One  eighteenth-century  scholar  has  expressed 
this  idea  well : 

Authors  have  been  taken  in  hand  like  anatomical  subjects,  only 
to  display  the  skill  and  abilities  of  the  Artist;  so  that  the  end  of 
many  an  Edition  seems  often  to  have  been  no  more  than  to  ex 
hibit  the  great  sagacity  and  erudition  of  an  Editor.  The  Joy 
of  the  Task  was  the  Honour  of  mending,  while  Corruptions  were 
sought  with  a  more  than  common  attention,  as  each  of  them 
afforded  a  testimony  to  the  Editor  and  his  Art.38 

This  fascination  grew  so  strong  as  to  be  almost  irresistible, 
as  is  well  testified  to  by  Bentley's  Milton,  speaking  of  which 
Harris  says,  "But  the  rage  of  Conjecture  seems  to  have 
seized  him,  as  that  of  Jealousy  did  Medea;  a  rage,  which 
she  confest  herself  unable  to  resist,  altho'  she  knew  the 
mischiefs,  it  would  prompt  her  to  perpetrate." 39  This 
same  fascination  Theobald  has  expressed  in  other  terms, 
where  in  his  letters  to  Warburton  he  speaks  of  looking 
forward  to  the  letters  containing  Warburton's  emendations 
like  a  boy  for  a  letter  from  his  sweetheart,  and  how  he  reads 

38  Philological    Inquiries,    by  James  Harris,    1781.     Pt.    I,   p.   35- 
See  also  the  story  of  the  .Empiric  on  the  same  page. 

39  Idem,  p.  37.     Whalley  calls  conjecture  "the  darling  passion  of 
our  modern  critics."     An  Enquiry  into  the  Learning  of  Shakespeare, 
1745,  p.  15. 


THE   RAGE   FOR   EMENDING  51 

the  letter  slowly,  like  a  boy  with  a  sweet  morsel,  afraid  to  eat 
it  up ;  while  in  another  place  he  calls  himself  an  avaricious 
husbandman  of  emendations.40  In  the  preface  to  his  edi 
tion  of  Shakespeare  Johnson  speaks  of  Upton  as  being 

unable  to  restrain  the  rage  of  emendation,  tho  his  ardour  is  ill  sec 
onded  by  his  skill.  Every  cold  empirick,  when  his  heart  is  ex 
panded  by  a  successful  experiment,  swells  into  a  theorist,  and  the 
laborious  collator  at  some  unlucky  moment  frolicks  in  conjecture. 
...  It  is  an  unhappy  state,  in  which  danger  is  hid  under  pleasure. 
The  allurements  of  emendation  are  scarcely  resistible.  Conjecture 
has  all  the  joy  and  all  the  pride  of  invention,  and  he  that  has  once 
started  a  happy  change,  is  too  much  delighted  to  consider  what 
objections  may  arise  against  it. 

A  third  incentive  to  this  enticing  pursuit  was  the  reputa 
tion  that  waited  upon  a  plausible  conjecture.  In  his 
Dissertation  on  Phalaris  Bentley  speaks  of  the  glory  and 
honor  attendant  upon  emendations.41  His  first  essay  drew 
from  continental  scholars,  as  we  have  seen,  the  highest 
words  of  praise.  From  that  time  on  more  and  more  honor 
began  to  accrue  to  a  convincing  or  ingenious  emendation. 
Hurd  says  that  it  was  the  high  regard  in  which  emendatory 
criticism  was  held  that  naturally  tempted  Warburton  to 
make  some  effort  for  distinction  in  a  department  of  scholar 
ship  for  which  he  was  little  fitted.42  Hare,  perhaps  mali 
ciously,  attributed  Bentley's  excessive  emendations  to  his 
inordinate  desire  for  glory.43  In  defense  of  his  first  work  on 
Shakespeare  Theobald  says,  "The  Alteration  of  a  Letter, 
when  it  restores  Sense  to  a  corrupted  Passage,  in  a  learned 
Language,  is  an  Atchievment  that  Brings  Honour  to  the 
Critic  who  advances  it."44  In  his  burlesque  notes  on 

40  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  pp.  257,  557,  283. 

41  Dyce,  op.  tit.,  vol.  1,  pp.  155,  276. 

42  J.  S.  Watson,  Life  of  Warburton,  p.  67. 

43  Epistola  Critica,  p.  148. 

44  Shakespeare  Restored,  p.  193. 


52  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

Bentley's  Horace,  which  we  shall  notice  soon,  Dr.  William 
King  touches  frequently  on  this  glory  and  praise.  Apropos 
of  one  of  Bentley's  notes,  he  says,  "From  such  atchievments 
as  these  men  attain  the  titles  of  Accurate,  Illustrious,  Learned, 
Acute,  the  star  of  Criticism,  the  North  Pole  of  Erudition." 
King  depreciates  the  method  and  laments  the  honor  it 
receives : 

What  a  noble  art  is  Criticism,  when  an  excursion  into  a  Vocabu 
lary,  or  a  tolerable  progress  made  in  an  Index,  shall  be  deemed 
an  Atchievment,  an  Adventure,  and  accordingly  entitle  a  man 
to  everlasting  honour  and  glory. 

There  was,  however,  a  reaction  against  the  popularity  of 
conjectural  criticism.  For  a  long  time  there  had  been  in 
England  a  feeling  against  pedantry,  though  the  ideas  of  what 
constituted  a  pedant  were  subject  to  change.  A  pedant 
might  be  a  Holofernes  who  paraded  his  learning  in  his  con 
versations;  or  else  a  writer  larding  his  works  with  quotations 
from  all  the  ancients.  With  the  establishment  of  the  Royal 
Society  and  the  controversy  between  the  ancients  and 
moderns  that  followed  soon  after,  the  virtuoso  became  a 
pedant.  At  the  time  of  and  during  the  Phalaris  controversy 
a  pedant  seems  to  have  been  considered  one  who  spent 
much  time  and  showed  great  learning  in  the  searching  out- 
of  trifles.  Many  were  the  charges  of  pedantry  brought 
against  Bentley  on  this  score,  his  opponents  even  going  so 
far  as  to  say  that  the  whole  Phalaris  controversy  was  over 
a  trifle.  Swift,  Pope,  and  their  cohorts  for  nearly  half  a  cen 
tury  carried  on  this  fight  against  the  "abuses  of  learning." 

The  trouble  lay  in  the  placing  of  emphasis.  The  polite 
scholars  and  literati  insisted  that  minute  knowledge  of  fact 
was  useless,  or  at  least  infinitely  below  knowledge  and  ap 
preciation  of  the  thought  and  sentiment  of  the  ancients. 
St.  Evremond,  an  apostle  of  taste,  says  of  critics  that  "The 
whole  Mystery  of  their  Learning  lies  in  what  we  might  as 


THE   RAGE   FOR   EMENDING  53 

well  be  ignorant  of,  and  they  are  absolutely  strangers  to 
what's  really  worth  knowing." 46  Another  upholder  of 
taste,  the  philosopher  Shaftesbury,  says, 

A  good  poet  and  a  honest  historian  may  afford  learning  enough 
for  a  Gentleman.  And  such  a  one,  whilst  he  reads  these  authors 
as  his  diversion,  will  have  a  truer  relish  of  their  sense,  and  under 
stand  'em  better,  than  a  pedant,  with  all  his  labours,  and  the 
assistance  of  his  volumes  of  commentators. 46 

And  he  asks  what  good  will  become  of  the  Phalaris  contro 
versy  though  "the  world  out  of  curiosity  may  delight  to 
see  a  pedant  expos'd  by  a  man  of  better  wit,  and  a  con 
troversy  thus  unequally  carry'd  on  between  two  such  op 
posite  partys."  47 

It  was  the  same  cry  with  them  all.  Wit  was  a  knight 
errant  who,  with  his  squire  Good  Sense,  was  bound  on  the 
consecrated  adventure  of  rescuing  fair  Taste  from  the  foul 
clutches  of  Pedantry.  It  is  somewhat  hard  to  realize  just 
how  bitter  these  attacks  were.  Wotton,  Bentley,  Jortin, 
and  others  all  bear  witness  to  the  hardships  undergone  by 
scholars.  The  constant  attacks  must  have  so  influenced 
popular  judgments  that  it  was  possible  for  Atterbury  and 
his  tribe  seemingly  to  discomfit  Bentley,  and  for  Pope  to 
"attempt  to  brand  Theobald  with  the  mark  of  his  satire. 
The  general  public  was  far  more  appreciative  of  the  flashes 
of  wit  than  of  the  researches  of  scholars;  good  taste  was  a 
fairer  object  to  defend  than  a  restored  reading  or  established 
fact  in  science.  Even  after  full  allowance  is  made  for  satire 
based  on  spite,  and  the  unusual  suitability  of  research  to 
the  satire  of  a  predominantly  satiric  age,  it  is  rather  hard 

46  The  Works  of  Monsieur  De  St.  Evremond,  Made  English  from  the 
French  Original.  By  Mr.  Des  Maizeaux.  In  three  volumes,  1714, 
vol.  Ill,  p.  viii. 

46  Characteristics  of  Men,  Manners,  Opinions,  Times,  In  three  volumes^ 
1711,  vol.  I,  p.  122. 

47  Idem,  vol.  3,  Miscell.  1,  Chap.  1. 


54 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


not  to  believe  that  the  satirists  were  sometimes  sincere 
in  their  championship  of  taste,  that  they  looked  upon  the 
prevailing  type  of  research  as  injuriously  wrong. 

With  the  publication  of  Bentley's  Horace  the  pedant 
becomes  the  verbal  critic.  Years  before  this  there  had  been 
a  feeling  against  verbal  criticism.  N.  Heinsius,  in  the  pref 
ace  to  his  edition  of  Claudian,  1665,  spoke  of  "importuna 
quorundam  superstitio,  qui  aut  nihil  omnino  in  antiquis 
scriptoribus  mutari  sinuunt."  And  a  year  before  the 
appearance  of  the  Horace  this  feeling  is  echoed  by  Wasse, 
who  says,  "mentes  tantam  superstitionem  occupasse,  ut 
multo  patientius  librariorum  quam  editoris  judicia  ferant."  * 
In  the  same  year  Gronovius,  in  answer  to  Bentley's  emenda 
tions  on  Menander,  made  a  very  rabid  attack  on  Bentley's 
conjectural  criticism,  wherein,  among  other  things,  he  called 
the  critic  a  frenzied  Numidian,  and  thought  it  a  matter  of 
public  concern  how  Menander  had  been  treated.  He  con 
stantly  spoke  of  the  praise,  fame,  and  glory  that  ought  not 
to  come  from  such  trivial  or  wicked  accomplishments.49 

As  long  as  Bentley  confined  his  labors  to  such  writers  as 
Malelas,  Phalaris,  and  the  fragments  of  the  Greek  poets, 
lie  was  beyond  the  ken  of  many  of  the  wits,  but  when  he 
laid  hands  upon  Horace,  he  was  desecrating  the  literary 
idol  of  the  day.50  It  was  because  of  this  popularity  that 

48  J.  Wasse,  Preface  to  his  edition  of  Sallust,  1710. 

49  Infamia  Emendationis  in  Menandri  Reliquias  .  .  .  Lundini  Bata- 
vorum,  1710. 

60  Some  idea  of  the  popularity  of  Horace  may  be  gained  from  this 
contemporary  account:  "The  singular  esteem  which  some  critics 
have  always  expressed  for  the  works  of  Horace  became  at  last  so  fash 
ionable,  that  scarce  a  man  who  affected  the  character  of  a  polite 
scholar  ever  travelled  ten  miles  from  home  without  an  Horace  in  his 
pocket.  The  last  E.  of  S.  was  such  an  Admirer  of  Horace  that  his 
whole  conversation  consisted  of  quotations  out  of  that  poet:  in  which 
he  often  discovered  his  want  of  skill  in  the  Latin  tongue,  and  always 
his  want  of  taste.  But  the  man  whom  I  looked  on  (if  I  may  be  allowed 


THE   RAGE   FOR   EMENDING  55 

Bentley  edited  him,  because  he  "was  familiar  to  men's 
hands  and  hearts."  Immediately  a  small  host  of  publica 
tions  came  into  existence,  directed  against  Bentley  in  partic 
ular  and  emendatory  criticism  in  general.61  A  fair  sample 
of  the  pointless  abuse  heaped  upon  the  scholar  is  furnished 
by  a  quotation  from  Dr.  King's  "Some  account  of  Horace's 
Behaviour": 

But  I  never  heard  that  Horace  whilst  in  college,  "Kept  Chapel" 
himself;  but  that  he  has  hindered  other  persons  from  minding 
Divinity,  which  should  have  been  their  proper  study,  rather  than 
to  find  out  ques,  and  atque's,  and  vel's,  and  nec's,  and  neque's 
at  the  expense  of  a  thousand  pounds  a  year  and  upwards,  de 
signed  for  much  better  usages  than  to  correct  an  old  Latin  Song- 
book,  not  to  say  worse  of  it,  notwithstanding  all  the  graces  and 
beauties  of  its  language. 

The  cleverest  satire  on  the  edition,  however,  is  to  be  found 
in  a  poem  called  Bibliotheca,  published  in  1712. 52  After 
granting  Boyle  the  victory  in  the  Phalaris  controversy,  the 
satirist  turns  on  Bentley's  Horace. 

Bentley  immortal  honour  gets, 
By  changing  Que's  to  nobler  Et's: 
From  Cam  to  Isis  see  him  roam, 
To  fetch  stray 'd  Interjections  home; 

the  expression)  as  Horace-mad,  was  one  Dr.  Douglas."  —  Political 
and  Literary  Anecdotes  of  His  Own  Times.  By  Dr.  William  King, 
Principal  of  St.  Mary  Hall,  Oxon.  London,  1819,  p.  70. 

In  his  essay  On  Translating  the  Odes  of  Horace  Professor  Trent 
calls  attention  to  a  Dr.  Biram  Eaton,  who  had  read  Horace  many 
hundred  times.  The  Oxford  Book  of  American  Essays,  ed.  B.  Matthews, 
1914,  p.  497. 

51  Among  attacks  published  in   1712  were    Horatius   Reformatus, 
The  Life  and  Conversation  of  Richard  Bentley,    and  Five  Extraordinary 
Letters,  all  published  anonymously  and  all  full  of  abuse,  both  personal 
and  general. 

52  See  Appendix  A. 


56  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

While  the  glad  shores  with  joy  rebound, 
For  Periods  and  lost  Commas  found: 
Poor  Adverbs,  that  had  long  deplor'd 
Their  injur'd  rights,  by  him  restored 
Smil'd  to  survey  a  rival's  doom, 
While  they  possessed  the  envied  room; 
And  hissing  from  their  rescued  throne 
TV  Usurper's  fate,  applaud  their  own. 
The  Roman  nymphs,  for  want  of  notes 
More  tender,  strain'd  their  little  throats, 
Till  Bentley  to  relieve  their  woes 
Gave  them  a  sett  of  Ah's  and  Oh's: 
More  musically  to  complain, 
And  warble  forth  their  gentle  pain. 
The  suffering  fair  no  more  repine, 
For  vowels  now  to  sob  and  whine  ; 
In  softest  air  their  passion  try, 
And,  without  spoiling  metre,  die : 
With  Interjections  of  his  own, 
He  helps  them  now  to  weep  and  groan; 
That  reading  him,  no  lover  fears 
Soft  vehicles  for  sighs  and  tears.63 

Another  attempt  to  ridicule  Bentley's  Horace  and  his 
method  was  made  in  a  complete  translation  of  the  edition, 
notes  and  all,  from  the  Latin  into  English.54  Monk  says  the 
translation  "adopts  such  a  vulgar  phraseology  as  would 
give  a  ludicrous  character  to  any  book."  Not  only  this, 
but  the  translator  foists  in  whole  phrases,  adds  words,  and 
mistranslates  so  as  to  exaggerate  Bentley's  propensities,  as 
when  he  translates  the  epithets  applied  to  the  grammarians 
as  "Ruffy,  Spark,  Blade."  Of  the  notes  upon  notes,  some 
seriously  try  to  refute  Bentley's  notes,  some  try  to  prove 
him  inconsistent,  some  make  fun  of  his  method  and  charac- 

63  John  Nichols,  A  Select  Collection  of  Poems,  vol.  3,  p.  60. 
54  See  Appendix  B. 


THE   RAGE   FOB    EMENDING  57 

teristics,  while  others  turn  his  notes  into  pure  farce.  Some 
are  tiresome,  but  many  have  humorous  turns  and  comical 
applications.  The  author  has  analyzed  Bentley's  method 
and  has  ridiculed  it  with  some  success;  the  critical  doubt, 
the  emendation,  and  the  conjectural  criticism  all  come  in 
for  their  share  of  scorn.  The  satirist  especially  finds  fault 
with  Bentley's  dogmatism  and  his  way  of  speaking  both  of 
those  he  likes  and  those  he  dislikes.  Nor  does  he  fail  to 
attack  the  triviality  of  verbal  criticism  in  general. 

Bentley's  work  did  not  escape  condemnation  even  on  the 
continent.  Le  Clerc,  at  this  time  Professor  of  Ecclesiastical 
History  at  Amsterdam,  who  had  reasons  for  disliking  Bentley, 
issued  a  restrained  pamphlet  against  him,  which  was  straight 
way  translated  into  English  and  published  in  London.55 
It  is  something  of  a  prototype  of  Edwards'  Canons  of  Criti 
cism  directed  against  Warburton's  edition  of  Shakespeare, 
only  it  is  serious  and  everywhere  treats  Bentley  with  respect, 
although  condemning  him  at  times.  Le  Clerc  draws  up  a 
list  of  seven  "Critical  Rules  and  Remarks,"  which  may  be 
summed  up  as  saying  we  do  not  have  sufficient  knowledge 
and  judgment  to  correct  the  ancients  with  surety,  and  there 
fore  should  not  speak  too  confidently  of  our  emendations. 

Another  work  written  about  this  time,  though  not  pub 
lished  until  many  years  later,  is  Virigilius  Restauratus,  written 
by  Arbuthnot,  although  perhaps  assisted  by  other  members 
of  the  Scriblerus  Club.  It  seeks  to  disparage  Bentley's 
method  by  useless  emendations  of  the  Aeneid,  given  hi  notes 
burlesquing  Bentley's  method,  some  of  which  are  very 
clever  and  logically  plausible.56 

56  Mr.  Le  Clerc' s  Judgment  and  Censure  of  Dr.  Bentley's  Horace; 
And  of  the  Amsterdam  Edition  compar'd  with  that  of  Cambridge.  Trans 
lated  from  the  French.  1713. 

66  Later  the  Dunciad  indulges  in  the  same  kind  of  sport.  Pope  found 
the  ground  fallow  for  his  attack  on  Theobald,  and  his  comparatively 
poor  success  speaks  volumes  for  his  adversary's  merits. 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 

Bentley's  Horace  awakened  the  slumbering  resentment 
against  conjectural  criticism;  while  attacks  at  first  were 
generally  leveled  against  him  for  his  boldness,  this  feeling 
gradually  extended  against  all  performers  in  the  field.57 
It  became  more  and  more  necessary  for  critics  to  speak  out 
against  such  opposition.  Furthermore,  if  we  may  judge 
by  the  defense  of  verbal  criticism  made  by  classical  scholars, 
this  feeling  seems  to  have  been  more  widely  spread  than  is 
apparent  from  its  expression  in  print.  Of  the  hostility 
to  verbal  criticism  Markland  says, 

I  know  there  will  not  be  wanting  those  who  will  slander  this  phase 
of  learning  as  being  trivial,  and  contributing  nothing  either  to  use 
fulness  or  pleasure  in  life:  for  none  are  more  free  to  judge  than 
those  who  either  do  not  read  or  do  not  understand.68 

The  first  serious  attempt  at  an  answer  to  these  attacks  of 
the  "indocti"  and  "literati,"  as  they  were  called,  is  found 
in  the  dedication  to  Lord  Craven  of  Thirlby's  Justin  Martyr, 
a  rather  tedious  array  of  long  involved  Latin  sentences 
written  in  a  barbarous  style.  While  Thirlby  attacks  cer 
tain  phases  of  classical  studies,  especially  chronology,  textual 
criticism  is  most  stubbornly  defended.  He  claims  that 
people  who  do  not  know  criticism  comfort  themselves  with 
the  thought  that  it  is  futile  and  trivial.  To  those  who 
attack  criticism  on  the  ground  of  triviality  he  answers  that 
all  arts  sometime  deviate  into  triviality :  physicians,  lawyers, 
physicists,  metaphysicians,  theologians,  all  deal  in  trifles. 
He  is  especially  severe  on  mathematicians  and  those  who 
indulge  in  the  study  of  chronology.  He  replies  to  those  who 

67  One  irate  objector  proposed  a  plan  whereby  the  infallibility  of 
critics  could  be  tested.     He  suggested  that  passages  be  transcribed 
from  some  poet  and  lacunae  purposely  left.     Then  emenders  could 
set  to  work  to  fill  up  deficiencies.     See  Des  Maizeaux's  preface  to  The 
Works  of  St.  Evremond,  1714. 

68  Epistola  Critica,  p.  2. 


THE   RAGE   FOB  EMENDING  59 

say  that  criticism  is  not  conducive  to  convenience  in  life 
or  the  public  good,  by  asserting  that  on  this  basis  all  arts 
would  be  overthrown.  And  as  for  delight,  whatever  pleasure 
there  is  in  knowledge,  criticism  can  claim  for  itself,  for 
without  it  we  should  be  reading  grammarians  instead  of 
original  authors: 

We  should  wonder  that  this  art,  whose  prerogative  and  duty  it 
is  to  correct  the  writings  of  the  Ancients,  incredibly  depraved  by 
the  various  injuries  of  a  long  time,  and  to  restore  them  to  their 
pristine  splendour,  should  seem  a  futile,  absurd,  and  entirely  use 
less  undertaking  to  learned  men,  and  especially  to  those  who  pro 
fess  themselves  the  greatest  admirers  of  these  writers.59 

Thus  there  was  developing  among  the  literati  an  opposi 
tion  to  textual  criticism  almost  as  strong  as  the  prepossession 
in  favor  of  the  same  among  scholars.  The  arguments  in 
troduced  against  the  pursuit  were  repeated  again  and  again. 
The  study  of  words  was  a  trivial  matter,  and  not  worthy  of 
the  attention  of  intelligent  men.  The  study  was  useless,  for 
it  conferred  no  real  benefit  upon  mankind.  These  were  the 
two  main  contentions,  which  also  had  furnished  the  basis 
of  the  attacks  on  the  new  science  and  on  pedantry.  In  the 
third  place  criticism  was  inefficient,  for  it  could  not  restore 
the  original  reading,  but  merely  gave  the  guesses  of  the  con- 
jecturers.  Furthermore,  the  insertion  of  readings,  unsup 
ported  by  manuscripts,  was  wrong  and  an  injustice  done  to 
the  author.  Lastly,  criticism  was  injurious  to  a  man's 
disposition,  making  him  proud,  arrogant,  and  altogether 
an  undeserving  person,  given  to  quarrels  and  vituperation. 
These  arguments  the  enemies  of  verbal  criticism  marshaled 
against  it  throughout  the  first  half  of  the  eighteenth  century. 

But  these  attacks  did  not  lessen  indulgence  in  the  pursuit. 
By  his  marvelous  success  Bentley  had  drawn  the  attention 
of  scholars  to  his  own  favorite  study.  The  success  of  his 
59  Translated  from  the  Latin. 


60 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


method  inspired  others  with  confidence  in  the  undertaking; 
in  emulation  of  the  great  critic  scholars  turned  their  attention 
more  and  more  to  the  study  of  texts.  So  great  became  their 
enthusiasm  that  the  correcting  of  texts,  especially  by  emenda 
tion,  amounted  to  an  obsession  with  which  the  classics  were 
read  by  critical  and  suspicious  eyes.  Even  the  term  "criti 
cism,"  when  unmodified,  meant  verbal  criticism.60  Al 
though  the  opposition  to  this  peculiar  study  was  energetic 
enough  and  indulged  in  by  the  foremost  wits  of  the  time, 
ultimately  their  attacks  failed,  Bentley's  labors  reaching 
their  flower  in  Porson,  and  Theobald's  in  the  later  capable 
critics  of  Shakespeare.61 

60  See  preface  to  William  Broome's  Poems  on  Several  Occasions,  1727. 

61  See  Museum  Criticum,  vol.  1,  p.  489.     Here  Porson  says  literary 
criticism  is  nothing  compared  with  verbal  criticism,  and  though  at 
one  tune  the  latter  was  thought  lowest  of  all  literary  expression,  "in 
this  age  of  taste  and  learning  it  would  not  be  considered  trifling." 


CHAPTER    III 

SHAKESPEARE   RESTORED 

IN  an  age  so  obsessed  with  the  idea  of  correcting  and  so 
prodigal  of  praise,  as  well  as  blame,  for  the  corrector,  it 
was  only  natural  that  sooner  or  later  the  critical  spirit  should 
break  through  classical  bounds  and  seek  unconquered  worlds 
beyond.  Shakespeare  was  the  first  to  attract  attention. 
In  spite  of  the  attacks  of  the  Aristotelians  and  the  predilec 
tion  of  the  age  for  classical  regularity,  he  was  the  most 
highly  admired  of  English  poets.  Furthermore,  the  progress 
of  the  originally  poor  text  through  four  folios  had  left  the 
plays  in  a  worse  condition  than  many  manuscripts  of  the 
classics.  Here,  then,  was  a  rich  field  for  the  textual  critic, 
and  the  reward  promised  to  be  proportional  to  the  popularity 
of  the  poet.  By  the  time  Pope  undertook  to  edit  Shake 
speare  the  resemblance  of  the  text  to  a  classical  one  was 
rather  generally  recognized,  as  well  as  the  need  of  similar 
treatment.  After  speaking  of  the  critical  care  expended  upon 
classical  authors,  Dr.  George  Sewell  says, 

What  then  has  been  done  by  the  really  Learned  to  the  dead  lan 
guages,  by  treading  backward  into  the  Paths  of  Antiquity  and 
reviving  and  correcting  good  old  Authors,  we  in  Justice  owe  to 
our  great  Writers,  both  in  Prose  and  Poetry.  They  are  in  some 
degree  our  Classics;  on  their  foundations  we  must  build,  as  the 
Formers  and  refiners  of  our  Language.1 

But  if  the  similarity  between  the  classics  and  Shakespeare's 
text  was  noticed,  it  was  not  until  two  editions  had  been 

1  Preface,  dated  November  24,  1724,  to  Seventh  Volume  of  Pope's 
Edition  of  Shakespeare,  1725. 


62  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

printed  that  the  classical  method  was  applied.  Rowe  sug 
gested  comparing  the  text  with  earlier  editions,  but  seems 
to  have  based  his  chiefly  on  the  fourth  folio.2  While  some 
of  his  emendations  have  proved  satisfying,  and  while  he 
rendered  real  service  in  giving  the  lists  of  dramatis  personae 
to  the  plays  lacking  them,  as  well  as  dividing  some  of  the 
plays  into  acts  and  scenes,  his  edition  was  not  a  critical  one. 
Nearly  all  his  corrections  were  introduced  on  his  own  au 
thority  and  without  any  support  beyond  that  of  suitability. 
If  he  recognized  the  necessity  of  collating  early  editions,  he 
seems  not  to  have  profited  much  by  the  discovery.  The 
method  of  carefully  collating  manuscripts  and  editions 
and  of  bringing  to  bear  all  possible  knowledge  upon  the  res 
toration  of  a  passage,  a  method  such  as  was  used  in  the 
classics,  Rowe  certainly  did  not  follow.  He  noticed  the 
need  of  correcting  the  text,  suggested  a  way,  and  then  con 
tented  himself  with  following  the  line  of  least  resistance 
in  his  correcting. 

Pope's  edition,  1725,  represents  a  more  critical  treatment 
of  the  text.  One  portion  of  an  editor's  duty,  the  most  im 
portant,  he  recognized  and  clearly  stated,  that  of  collating 
the  text  with  the  old  copies.  But  this,  for  the  most  part, 
he  failed  to  do,  although  possessing,  according  to  his  own 
word,  the  means.  When  it  came  to  the  removing  of  ob 
scurity  either  by  explanation  or  conjecture,  he  failed  signally. 
For  this  task  there  is  necessary  the  most  critical  spirit  and 
the  broadest  knowledge  of  Elizabethan  and  pre-Elizabethan 
literature.  Pope  lacked  both.  Emendations  he  did  make, 
but  the  majority  were  adopted  to  reduce  Shakespeare's 
meter  to  eighteenth-century  regularity.  For  the  rest  of  his 
conjectures  he  was  wholly  dependent  upon  his  judgment, 
and  anything  that  did  not  appeal  to  his  taste  ran  the  risk 

2  Cambridge  History  of  English  Literature,  vol.  V,  pp.  298-299;  and 
Lounsbury,  Text  of  Shakespeare,  pp.  73-76. 


SHAKESPEARE   RESTORED  63 

of  being  relegated  to  the  bottom  of  the  page.  Unwilling 
as  he  was  to  collate  carefully,  he  must  have  been  all  the  more 
unwilling  to  investigate,  analyze,  and  study  corrupt  passages, 
or  undertake  to  become  familiar  with  the  literature  current 
in  Shakespeare's  time.  Nor  does  he  seem  to  have  made 
any  study  of  the  peculiarities  of  Shakespeare's  grammar 
or  diction.  The  only  supports  of  his  critical  method  are 
collation,  carelessly  followed,  metrical  skill,  and  taste.  A 
few  of  his  emendations  based  upon  taste  have  found  their 
way  into  most  modern  editions,  as  well  as  a  larger  number 
of  his  metrical  emendations ;  yet  these  are  upheld  by  no  evi 
dence  and  draw  on  no  authorities.  Elsewhere  we  find 
even  his  judgment  unsafe,  and  we  perceive  no  inclination 
to  scrutinize  carefully  every  doubt  and  draw  out  stores  of 
knowledge  to  remove  it.3 

It  seems  rather  strange  that  Pope  should  ever  have  under 
taken  the  "dull  duty  of  an  editor."  Tonson  appealed  to 
him  for  an  edition  because  he  knew  the  poet's  reputation 
would  enhance  the  popularity  of  any  undertaking,  but  why 
did  Pope  yield  ?  His  inveterate  animosity  to  textual  critics 
finds  expression  as  early  as  the  Essay  on  Criticism,  when  he 
says 

Some  on  the  leaves  of  ancient  authors  prey, 
Nor  time  nor  moths  e'er  spoiled  as  much  as  they. 

In  the  preface  to  his  Homer,  and  elsewhere,  he  speaks  in  a 
most  derogatory  manner  of  commentators.  He  was  a 
member  of  the  Scriblerus  Club,  and  his  associates  were  men 
of  polite  learning,  antagonists  to  the  new  scholarship  from 
the  time  of  the  Phalaris  controversy.  It  hardly  seems  pos 
sible  that  money  was  the  motive,  as  Johnson  asserts,  when  we 
remember  that  his  Homer  had  removed  all  danger  of  financial 

3  For  a  full  description  and  criticism  of  Howe's  and  Pope's  edi 
tions,  see  Lounsbury,  Text  of  Shakespeare,  Chaps.  IV,  V,  VI. 


64 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


needs;  nor  does  Pope  appear  to  have  been  very  avaricious. 
The  only  explanation  I  can  find  for  his  undertaking  such  an 
uncongenial  task  is  the  desire  for  glory,  always  a  ruling  pas 
sion  with  Pope.  Realizing  the  honor  that  was  attendant 
upon  the  restorer  of  classical  texts,  and  knowing  himself 
incapable  of  accomplishments  in  that  field,  he  undertook  to 
achieve  glory  in  restoring  Shakespeare.4  This  change  of 
face  necessitated  some  explanations  to  his  friends,  and 
"dull  duty  of  an  editor"  was  the  compromise.  On  the 
publication  of  Shakespeare,  Broome  was  ready  with  a  pane 
gyric, 

Shakespere  rejoice!  his  hand  thy  Page  refines, 
Now  every  Scene  with  native  Brightness  shines.8 

But  Pope's  edition  brought  forth  the  first  truly  critical 
work  on  Shakespeare.  This  appeared  in  March,  1726, 
under  the  title,  Shakespeare  Restored:  or  a  Specimen  of  the 
Many  Errors,  as  well  committed,  as  Unamended,  by  Mr. 
Pope  In  his  Late  Edition  of  this  Poet  Designed  Not  only  to 
correct  the  said  Edition,  but  to  restore  the  True  Reading  of 
Shakespeare  in  all  the  Editions  ever  yet  published.  It  is  a  large 
quarto  volume,  dedicated  to  John  Rich  and  containing  one 
hundred  and  ninety-four  pages.  The  first  one  hundred  and 
thirty-two  pages  are  in  large  print  and  are  devoted  primarily 
to  Hamlet  The  rest,  under  the  title  of  Appendix,  is  in 
smaller  print  and  contains  remarks  on  nearly  all  the  plays. 
The  Merchant  of  Venice  and  Troilus  and  Cressida  lead  the 
list  with  five  remarks  each,  while  Macbeth  and  Coriolanus 

4  In  the  preface  (p.  xxxix)  to  his  edition  of  Shakespeare  Theobald 
frankly  states  that  the  reputation  consequent  upon  textual  work  in 
the  classics  "invited  me  to  attempt  the  method  here."  And  in  the 
introduction  (p.  v)  to  Shakespeare  Restored  he  says  he  "shall  venture 
to  aim  at  some  little  Share  of  Reputation"  in  his  emendations.  On 
p.  193  of  this  work  he  refers  again  to  reputation  as  the  inspiration  of 
the  work. 

6  To  Mr.  Pope,  On  his  Works,  1726. 


SHAKESPEARE   RESTORED  65 

follow  next  with  four  each.  A  number  of  the  plays  are 
commented  on  only  once.  The  first  half  of  the  "Appendix" 
is  devoted  to  showing  Pope's  mistakes  under  these  heads: 
emendation  where  there  is  no  need  of  it ;  maiming  the  author 
by  unadvised  degradations;  bad  choice  in  various  readings 
and  degradation  of  the  better  word ;  and  mistakes  in  giving 
the  meaning  of  words.  Besides  these  the  critic  shows  Pope's 
mistakes  in  pointing  and  "  transpositions,"  and  the  inaccura 
cies  due  to  inattention  to  Shakespeare  and  his  history.  The 
rest  of  the  "Appendix,"  from  page  one  hundred  and  sixty- 
five  to  the  end,  is  devoted  entirely  to  emendations.  The 
nature  of  each  remark  is  designated  in  the  margin,  so  that 
the  reader  may  be  apprised  of  the  content,  by  such  terms 
as  "false  printing,"  "false  pointing,"  "various  reading," 
"passage  omitted,"  "conjectural  emendation,"  "emenda 
tion,"  and  the  like.  There  are  nearly  a  hundred  corrections 
on  Hamlet  and  a  few  over  a  hundred  on  the  other  plays. 
The  only  plays  not  mentioned  by  Theobald  are  The  Two 
Gentlemen  of  Verona,  As  You  Like  it,  and  Twelfth  Night. 

In  his  preface  Theobald  states  that  he  had  often  declared 
in  a  number  of  companies  the  corrupt  state  Shakespeare's 
text  was  in,  and  had  always  expressed  the  wish  that  some  one 
would  retrieve  its  original  purity,  but  being  disappointed 
in  Pope's  effort,  he  had  attempted  it  himself.  While  this 
statement  may  be  essentially  true,  it  hardly  seems  possible 
that  the  number  of  emendations  and  the  numerous  and  per 
tinent  passages  quoted  in  support  of  them  could  have  been 
assembled  within  the  compass  of  a  single  year;  especially 
when  we  consider  that  all  these  were  but  a  specimen  drawn 
from  "an  ample  Stock  of  Matter."  6  For  steeped  as  Theo 
bald  was  in  classical  criticism,  to  recognize  the  corrupt 
state  of  Shakespeare  was  to  contrive,  in  a  more  or  less  defi 
nite  way,  corrections.  A  statement  of  Theobald  seems  to 

6  Shakespeare  Restored,  p.  133. 


66  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

prove  this.  In  speaking  of  Pope's  emendation  of  " siege''* 
for  "sea"  in  Hamlet's  famous  soliloquy',  he  says, 

"The  Editor  is  not  the  first  who  has  had^the  same  Suspicion: 
And  I  may  say,  because  I  am  able  to  prove  it  by  Witnesses,  it  was 
a  Guess  of  mine,  before  he  had  enter'd  upon  publishing  Shake 
speare."  7 

The  interest  created  by  Pope's  edition  made  possible  the  com 
pletion  and  publication  of  his  efforts. 

Theobald  was  unusually  well  equipped  for  the  office  of  a 
textual  critic  on  Shakespeare.  He  was  a  poet,  a  poor  one 
indeed,  but  still  with  talent  enough  to  make  him  escape  the 
pitfalls  that  proved  disastrous  on  more  than  one  occasion 
to  the  purely  logical  mind  of  Bentley.  Furthermore,  the 
very  fact  that  his  poetic  genius  was  slight  served  him  in 
good  stead,  for  besides  admitting  of  tireless  industry,  it 
prevented  him  from  seeking  to  merge  his  own  ideas  with 
those  of  the  work  under  consideration,  and  restrained  him 
from  relying  too  much  upon  his  own  judgment  of  the  poetic 
value  of  a  passage. 

Besides  this  he  was  thoroughly  conversant  with  the  stage. 
The  author  himself  of  several  dramas  and  various  operas  and 
pantomimes,  he  had  been  thrown  into  intimate  relations 
with  John  Rich,  lessee  of  Lincoln's  Inn  Fields  theater.  Both 
by  experience  and  observation  he  was  familiar  with  stage 
craft  and  the  theater,  and  thus  in  a  position  better  to  under 
stand  the  causes  of  many  of  the  corruptions  in  Shakespeare, 
especially  stage  directions  that  had  crept  into  the  text  and 
lines  assigned  to  the  wrong  characters. 

But  more  important  than  either  of  the  above  qualifications 
was  his  intimate  knowledge  of  Shakespeare's  thought  and 
diction.  We  have  already  seen  that  the  phraseology  of 

7  Idem,  p.  82.  Also  see  his  letter  to  the  Daily  Journal,  November 
26,  1728,  where  he  speaks  of  having  spent  twelve  years  studying  the 
text  of  Shakespeare. 


SHAKESPEARE   RESTORED  67 

The  Cave  of  Poverty  showed  an  unusual  knowledge  of  Shake 
speare's  style.  The  passages  quoted  in  A  Complete  Key  to  the 
What  D'ye  Call  It  (if  by  Theobald)  further  prove  his  famili 
arity  with  the  plays.  The  ninety  odd  numbers  of  The 
Censor  are  strewn  with  references  to  or  discussions  of  them, 
in  which  Hamlet  and  Othello  seem  to  be  his  favorites.8  In 
some  of  his  comments  he  shows  a  distinct  departure  from 
current  ideas.  Speaking  of  Julius  Caesar,  he  says, 

As  to  particular  Irregularities,  it  is  not  to  be  expected  that  a  Genius 
like  Shakespear's  should  be  judg'd  by  the  Laws  of  Aristotle,  and 
the  other  Prescribers  to  the  Stage;  it  will  be  sufficient  to  fix  a 
Character  of  Excellence  to  his  Performances,  if  there  are  in  them 
a  Number  of  beautiful  Incidents,  true  and  exquisite  Turns  of 
Nature  and  Passion,  fine  and  delicate  Sentiments,  uncommon 
Images,  and  great  Boldnesses  of  Expression.' 

The  final  testimony  to  his  study  of  Shakespeare  is  his  adapta 
tion  of  Richard  II,  where  he  seeks  to  imitate  the  great 
dramatist's  style. 

And  last  of  all,  Theobald  brought  to  his  work  a  wide 
knowledge  of  the  classics  and  the  methods  of  classical  scholar 
ship.  He  says, 

As  my  principal  Diversion  in  reading  is  a  strict  Conversation 
with  the  best  old  classics,  Virgil  was  the  Choice  of  my  last  Night's 
Study.  In  Authors  of  this  Sort  where  I  am  sure  to  be  entertained 
in  every  Page,  my  Custom  is  to  take  my  Chance  for  the  Subject, 
and  begin  my  Amusement  where  the  Book  first  opens.10 

Elsewhere  he  styles  himself  "an  admirer  of  antiquity"  and 
"a  lover  of  antiquity."  ll  Especially  worthy  of  note  is 
his  interest  in  the  Greek  drama,  clearly  disclosed  in  his 
translations  from  the  same,  in  an  age  that,  devoted  to  the 

8  References  to  Hamlet  in  Nos.  18,  54,  83,  90,  93;  and  to  Othello 
in  Nos.  16,  95,  36.  9  Censor,  No.  70. 

10  Censor,  No.  18.  n  Idem,  No.  5. 


68  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

study  and  imitation  of  the  later  classics,  knew  the  Attic 
drama  chiefly  through  Aristotle. 

I  could  wish  heartily,  the  Poets  of  our  Times  would  follow  the 
Model  of  Sophocles,  and  rather  lay  their  Distresses  on  Incidents 
produced  by  some  such  uncontrollable  Impulse  than  to  let  the 
Dagger  and  poison  Cup  be  at  the  Discretion  of  a  Villain. 

Apropos  of  this  he  praises  Othello.  But  Aeschylus  more  than 
any  interested  him.  The  translation  of  his  plays  was  the 
only  translation  upon  which  Theobald  attempted  to  embark 
on  his  own  account.  In  The  Censor,  No.  60,  he  discusses 
Greek  tragedy,  but  soon  confines  himself  to  Aeschylus, 
translating  a  long  passage  from  Prometheus',  he  refuses  to 
subscribe  to  the  "  critics  of  every  age,"  who  rank  him  below 
Sophocles  and  Euripides.  He  anticipates  Victor  Hugo  in 
seeing  a  similarity  between  Aeschylus  and  Shakespeare  in 
the  majesty  and  sublimity  of  their  verse. 

There  were  some  phases  of  classical  scholarship  with  which 
Theobald  was  not  in  entire  sympathy,  influenced,  as  he 
undoubtedly  was,  by  the  attitude  of  the  literati  and  polite 
schools  of  scholarship.  Throughout  The  Censor  we  find 
slurs  at  antiquaries  and  the  Royal  Society.  This  last  had 
been  the  center  of  the  ancients  and  moderns  controversy, 
and  Theobald  was  a  stanch  upholder  of  the  ancients,  although 
not  admitting  any  particular  degeneration  in  the  moderns. 
Any  attempt  to  reduce  the  antiquity  of  a  production  to  a 
more  recent  date  he  resented  with  the  accusation  that  the 
moderns  did  not  wish  to  allow  any  more  than  necessary  to 
the  ancients.  When  higher  criticism  made  use  of  historical 
philology  and  chronology  in  disputing  the  antiquity  of  an 
author,  Theobald  was  prone  to  disagree  and  to  doubt  the 
value  of  those  two  studies.  Nor  was  he  loath  to  stigmatize 
efforts  in  such  minute  studies  as  pedantic.12 

12  For  attacks  on  virtuosi,  chronologers,  and  other  minute  scholars, 
see  Censor,  Nos.  68  and  91. 


SHAKESPEARE   RESTORED  69 

This  naturally  led  him  to  disagree  with  Bentley  in  regard 
to  Phalaris,  although  he  always  mentions  the  great  critic 
with  respect : 13 

I  remember  the  learned  Dr.  Bentley  has  made  it  one  of  his  Ex 
ceptions  to  Phalaris's  Epistles  being  Genuine,  that  the  Tyrant 
has  made  use  of  some  proverbial  Sentences  which  are  recorded  as 
the  Inventions  of  Authors  of  a  much  later  Date,  and  therefore 
Phalaris  could  not  write  those  Epistles,  because  he  has  used  some 
Sayings  that  were  not  in  Being  in  his  Age.  I  confess,  I  am  not 
totally  satisfied  with  this  Argument,  I  look  upon  it  as  a  Hardship 
next  to  an  Impossibility  to  determine  strictly  the  Periods,  and 
Origins  of  such  Sentences;  and  were  it  not  a  work  that  would 
savour  too  much  of  Pedantry  and  Affectation  of  Book-Learning, 
I  could  produce  several  of  their  sententious  Fragments,  which 
have  been  severally  attributed  to  five  or  six  distinct  Authors,  and 
that  on  the  Testimonies  of  great  Hands.14 

He  maintains  the  same  opinion  of  the  poetry  of  Musaeus, 
for  whom  he  had  a  special  liking.15  In  his  essay  on  the  Hero 
and  Leander  prefixed  to  his  translation  of  the  same  in  The 
Grove,  he  does  attempt  "a  Piece  of  Chronological  Criticism." 
Although  expressing  his  inability  to  come  to  a  decision  con- 

18  It  is  possible  Theobald  may  have  been  influenced  by  regard  for 
his  patron,  Charles  Boyle,  Earl  of  Orrery,  to  whom  he  dedicated  his 
Richard  II. 

14  Censor,  No.  26. 

16  Censor,  No.  39,  May  23,  1715:  "I  have  always  read  this  small 
Remain  of  Musaeus,  with  Pleasure  enough  to  consider  it  the  Product 
of  that  Antique  Greek,  however  his  Title  to  it  has  been  of  late  dis 
puted.  There  has  reigned  a  Spirit  of  Detraction  for  some  Years  in 
the  World,  which  has  laboured  to  strip  the  Ancients  of  their  Honours, 
on  purpose  to  adorn  some  more  Modern  Brow.  I  cannot  conceive 
that  this  springs  from  a  fair  and  generous  Emulation;  but  that  finding 
themselves  unable  to  come  up  to  the  Strokes  of  Antiquity,  as  Chronol- 
ogers  often  do  to  gain  a  Point,  they  draw  down  Authors  to  their  own 
Dates,  to  prove  that  all  Merit  in  Writing  was  not  confin'd  to  the  Aeras 
of  Paganism." 


70 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


cerning  the  antiquity  of  the  poem,  and  declining  the  "  Ped 
antry  of  amassing  all  the  Authorities  and  Opinions,"  he 
mentions  Stobaeus,  Athenaeus,  Pausanias,  and  opposes 
Scaliger  and  Heinsius  to  Vossius,  Isaac  Casaubon,  and 
Paraeus.  He  shows  little  sympathy  with  historical  philol 
ogy,  as  is  evident  from  the  following  passage,  where  he 
seems  to  be  'ooking  at  Bentley: 

There  are  Critics  in  the  World,  I  know,  who  look  upon  Greek 
to  have  such  a  certain  Mark  in  its  Mouth,  that  they  can  precisely 
determine  upon  the  Age  of  any  Composition  in  that  Language. 
For  my  own  Part,  I  confess  myself  a  Novice  in  these  niceties; 
and  therefore  design  to  let  the  Matter  rest  barely  upon  the  fact  of 
Probability. 

Yet  he  pays  a  tribute  to  the  robust  critic,  when  he  says, 

The  Objection  which  is  of  the  greatest  Weight  with  me  against 
the  Antiquity  of  this  Poem,  is  what  a  Great  Man  in  Critical  Learn 
ing  made  against  the  Epistles  of  Phalaris,  the  Silence  and  Pre 
termission  of  Authors  during  a  long  Series  of  Ages. 

This  attempt  at  higher  criticism  is  of  no  worth  and  little 
significance,  although  in  the  mention  of  authors  and  au 
thorities  Theobald  shows  his  wide  and  careful  reading  of  the 
classics  and  classical  critics.  But  on  one  phase  of  classical 
scholarship,  the  most  prevalent  during  this  time,  Theobald 
placed  great  value.  We  have  already  quoted  the  passage 
from  The  Censor  which  expresses  in  most  exaggerated  lan 
guage  his  regard  for  textual  criticism.16  Even  if  he  was  not 
in  sympathy  with  much  of  the  minute  scholarship  and  learn 
ing  of  his  time,  he  was  a  complete  convert  to  the  new  pursuit 
of  scholars.  In  this  respect  he  resembles  Thirlby,  who,  as 
we  have  seen  before,  scoffed  at  chronology  and  other  phases 
of  scholarship,  but  was  praise  itself  in  regard  to  verbal  criti 
cism.  Such  was  the  impression  Bentley's  critical  accomplish- 

16  Ante,  Chap.  II,  p.  49. 


SHAKESPEARE   RESTORED  71 

ments  made  on  men  of  his  day,  that  literal  criticism  was 
allowed  honor  where  investigations  of  a  different  nature 
were  denied  it. 

Furthermore,  Theobald  was  intimately  acquainted  with 
the  work  of  the  great  textual  critic.  We  have  already  noticed 
his  interest  in  the  dissertation  on  Phalaris,  and  references 
to  the  controversy  occur  elsewhere.17  He  quotes  from 
Bentley's  Epistle  to  Mill  a  passage  which  encourages  him 
in  his  work  on  Shakespeare.18  He  expresses  the  highest 
praise  for  Bentley's  emendations  of  Menander  and  Philemon.19 
He  even  models  his  edition  of  Shakespeare  upon  Bentley's 
Amsterdam  Horace.20  Everywhere  he  mentions  Bentley 
with  respect,  and  often  praise,  styling  him  the  "  learned  Dr. 
Bentley"  21  and  "a  Great  Man  in  Critical  Learning."  22 
In  upholding  the  value  of  literal  criticism  he  appeals  to 
Bentley's  success,  "But  I  no  more  pretend  to  do  justice  to 
that  Great  Man's  Character,  than  I  would  be  thought  to  set 
my  own  poor  Merit,  or  the  Nature  of  this  Work,  in  Competi 
tion  with  his."  23 

Thoroughly  conversant  as  Theobald  was  with  classical 
criticism,  it  was  only  natural  that  he  should  have  been  struck 
with  the  similarity  between  the  state  of  the  text  of  Shake 
speare  and  that  of  the  texts  of  Greek  and  Latin  authors. 
Nor  was  this  similarity  superficial,24  a  fact  clearly  stated 
in  the  preface  to  Shakespeare  Restored: 

17  Censor,  Nos.  8  and  9.     Preface  to  A  Complete  Key  to  the  What 
D'ye  Call  it  (if  Theobald  wrote  it). 

18  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  313. 

19  Shakespeare  Restored,  p.  193. 

20  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  II,  p.  621. 

21  Censor,  No.  26. 

22  Essay  prefixed  to  his  translation  of  Hero  and  Leander,  published 
in  The  Grove,  1721. 

23  Shakespeare  Restored,  p.  193. 

24  "Such  is  the  process  by  which  the  text  of  Shakespeare  has  been 


72 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


"As  Shakespeare  stands,  or  at  least  ought  to  stand,  in  the  Nature 
of  a  Classic,  and  indeed  he  is  corrupt  enough  to  pass  for  one  of 
the  oldest  Stamp,  every  one  who  has  a  Talent  and  Ability  this 
Way,  is  at  Liberty  to  make  his  Comments  and  Emendations 
upon  him." 

Having  recognized  the  similarity,  he  had  only  to  apply 
the  classical  method.  This  method  Theobald  got  directly 
from  Bentley.  As  noted  above,  he  was  familiar  with  the 
most  important  works  of  the  editor  of  Horace,  and  in  this 
very  work  of  Shakespeare  Restored  refers  to  him  twice,  once 
in  a  most  complimentary  way.  A  comparison  of  a  few  of 
Theobald's  notes  with  some  of  Bentley's  shows  conclusively 
that  the  former  was  consciously  imitating  the  method  of  the 
latter. 

A  line  in  Horace,  Bk.  I,  ode  3,  1.  19,  reads  in  the  main, 
""(Jin  vidit  mare  turgidum."  Bentley  comments  thus: 25 

The  Venetian  edition,  1478,  which  I  think  was  the  first  of  all, 
has  "turgidum,"  but  the  German  edition  of  Loscherus,  1498, 
"turbidum."  However,  that  first  reading  has  occupied  almost 
all  the  editions  since.  Furthermore,  the  manuscripts,  even  the 
best,  are  divided,  some  showing  this  reading  some  that,  and  surely 
either  can  be  tolerated  with  sufficient  propriety. 

Prudentius  —    Quae  turgidum  quondam  mare 

Avienus —     Fluctibus   instabile   et   glauci   vada   turgida 

ponti. 

Thus  Virgil  —  Timidum  mare;  and  the  Greek  aXtov  o*S/xa.  I 
have  scarcely  any  doubt  that  "turbidum"  came  from  Horace's 
hand,  because  it  is  the  braver  epithet,  and  excites  the  greater 
terror. 

Lucretius  v.  999 —    nee  turbida  ponti  Aequora 

Ovid.    Tristia  I,  10.    Pectora  sunt  ipso  turbidiora  man 

evolved  —  a  process  precisely  similar  to  that  undergone  by  any  classical 
text.     The  quartos  and  folios  represent  the  work  of  copyists  —  that  of 
editing  follows."  —  Cambridge  History  of  English  Lit.,  vol.  V,  p.  297. 
"  This  and  other  notes  of  Bentley  are  translated  from  the  Latin. 


SHAKESPEARE   RESTORED  73 

The  same,  Hero  and  Leander  — 

Ipsa  vides  caelum  pice  nigrius,  et  freta  ventis 
Turbida. 

And  the  same  —    Cumque  mea  fiunt  turbida  mente  freta 

concussi  fretum 
Seneca—    Here.  Get.  456—    Cessante  vento;    turbidum 

explicui  mare. 
Avienus  in  Arateis,  —  Non  turn   freta  turbida  pinu  Quis 

petat. 
And    again  —  Quantum    suspense    linquit    vada    turbida 

caelo.  » 

And  —  Turbida  certantes  converrunt  aequora  Cauri 
And  —  Si  fugiunt  volucres  raptim  freta  turbida  Nerei 

So  that  it  is  almost  to  be  feared  that  in  the  passages  from 
Prudentius  and  Avienus,  cited  above,  "turbidum"  ought  to  be 
substituted. 

Let  us  now  turn  to  a  note  of  Theobald's  on  a  line  in  Ham 
let,  Act  I,  Sc.  7.     Hamlet  is  speaking  to  the  ghost. 

So  Horridly  to  shake  our  Disposition. 

I  suspect  in  the  Word  Horridly,  a  literal  Deviation  to  have  been 
made  from  the  Poet  by  his  Copyists  ...  I  think  it  ought  to  be  re 
stored  thus 

So  Horribly  to  shake  our  Disposition 

The  change  of  Horridly  into  Horribly  is  very  trivial  as  to  the  Literal 
Part;  and  therefore,  I  hope,  the  Reason  for  the  Change  will  be 
something  more  considerable.  'Tis  true,  horrid  and  horrible 
must  be  confessed  to  bear  in  themselves  the  same  Force  and  Sig 
nification  as  horridum  and  horribile  were  wont  to  do  among  the 
Latines.  But  horrid,  in  the  most  common  acceptation  and  Use, 
seems  to  signify  rather  hideous,  uncouth,  ugly,  enormous,  than 
terrible  or  frightful ;  and  it  is  generally  so  applied  by  our  Author. 
I  remember  a  passage  in  his  King  Lear,  where  it  particularly  stands 
for  ugly. 


74 

Lear,  p.  77. 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


...  See  thy  self,  Devil; 

Proper  Deformity  seems  not  in  the  Fiend 

So  horrid  as  in  Woman. 


I  cannot,  however,  deny,  but  that  our  Poet  sometimes  employs 
the  Word  horrid  in  the  sense  of  frightful,  terribk.  But  every 
observing  Reader  of  his  Works  must  be  aware  that  he  does  it  spar 
ingly,  and,  ten  times  for  every  once,  seems  fond  to  use  horrible 
and  terribk.  It  is  obvious  that  he  prefers  both  these  Terms,  as 
more  sonorous  and  emphatical  than  horrid;  and  the  Proof  that 
he  does  so,  is,  (which  laid  the  Foundation  of  Conjecture  here,) 
that  he  almost  constantly  chuses  them,  even  when  the  Numbers 
of  his  Verse  naturally  require  horrid.  I  shall  subjoin  a  few  In 
stances  of  both  for  Confirmation;  to  which  I  could  have  amass'd 
twenty  tunes  as  many,  but  these  are  enough,  at  least,  to  excuse 
me,  tho'  I  should  be  deceived  in  Judgment,  from  the  Censure 
of  being  too  hypercritical  in  my  Observation. 

Tempest  pag.  73 

Where  but  ev'n  now  with  strange  and  several  Noises 
Of  roaring,  shrieking,  howling,  jingling  chains, 
And  more  Diversity  of  Sounds,  all  horrible, 
We  were  awak'd. 

Lear  pag.  41. 

And  with  this  horrible  Object,  from  low  farms, 
Poor  pelting  Villages,  etc. 

And  again  pag.  55 

I  tax  not  you,  you  Elements,  with  Unkindness; 
I  never  gave  you  Kingdom,  calFd  you  Children, 
You  owe  me  no  Subscription.    Then  let  fall 
Your  horribk  Pleasure;  — 

And  again,  pag.  83 

Glouc.    Methinks  the  Ground  is  even. 
Edgar.  .  .  .  Horrible  steep. 
Hark  «do  you  hear  the  Sea? 


SHAKESPEARE   RESTORED  75 

Antony  and  Cleopatra,  pag.  342 

Hence  horrible  Villian!  or  I'll  spurn  thine  Eyes 
Like  Balls  before  me! 

Macbeth,  pag.  561 

.  .  .    Hence,  horrible  Shadow! 
Unreal  Mock'ry,  hence!  .  .  .  26 

I  have  chosen  these  two  emendations  because  the  changes 
advocated  are  so  similar.  Bentley  prefers  "turbidum" 
to  "turgidum,"  Theobald  "horribly"  to  "horridly,"  and 
both  on  the  ground  of  taste  and  preponderance  of  usage, 
yet  at  the  same  time  allowing  the  possibility  of  the  regular 
reading.  There  is  in  both  the  same  critical  attitude  toward 
the  text,  the  same  kind  of  emendation,  and  precisely  the 
same  method  of  supporting  the  emendation.27 

Again,  consider  Bentley's  note  on  Horace,  Bk.  Ill,  Carm. 
VI,  v.  20. 

Hoc  fonte  derivata  clades 

In  Patriam  populumque  fluxit. 

26  Shakespeare  Restored,  p.  41. 

27  Dr.  King  has  a  burlesque  note  on  this  emendation  of  Bentley's, 
which  is  equally  applicable  to  Theobald's  if  we  change  "G"  to  "D." 
"There  is  a  great  controversie  in  this  place;   the  two  candidates  are 
'turgidum'   and   'turbidum,';    the  doctor  takes  the  poll,   summons 
the  authors  to  vote,  then  casts  up  the  books,  and  declares  in  favor 
of  'turbidum';"  which,  says  he,  "is  more  forcible  and  more  terrible 
than   'turgidum.'     Now  all  the  difference  lies  between  two  letters 
B  and  G:  and  the  Dr.  is  for  the  first.     As  for  G,  I  own  there  is  much 
to  be  said  in  its  behalf;   there  are  several  sorts  of  oaths  of  great  force 
and  terror,  in  which  it  is  of  singular  use  and  virtue:    'Gog,  Gorgon, 
Gun-powder';    and  many  other  frightful  things  begin  with  this  very 
letter.     As  for  B,  I  do  not  find,  though  it  stands  high  in  the  Alphabet, 
that  it  is  altogether  so  terrible;  there  is  indeed  a  conjurer  or  two,  and 
some  few  devils  whose  names  set  out  with  a  B;  but  I  had  forgot  that 
our  high  and  mighty  Scholiast  gives  his  'Mark':   and  therefore  let  all 
readers  keep  their  distance,  and  for  the  future  approach  this  dreadful 
letter  with  fear  and  reverence."     The  Odes  Epodes,  and  Carmen  Seen- 
lare  of  Horace.     In  Latin  and  English :  1713. 


76  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

Thus  indeed  all  the  MSS  read  without  exception,  but  never  will 
they  prevail  upon  me  to  cast  my  ballot  for  this  reading.  For 
why  should  I?  He  says  that  disasters  arising  from  adulteries  as 
from  a  fountain,  flow  into  the  people  and  the  fatherland.  What 
difference  is  there  between  fatherland  and  people?  unless,  per 
chance,  those  most  vicious  morals  flowed  into  patriam  terrain 
only.  Our  poet  was  not  so  jejune  or  lacking  in  judgment  as  to 
foist  in  that  superfluous  synonym,  as  it  it  were  something  different. 
I  have  little  doubt  but  Horace  wrote  thus 

Hoc  fonte  deriva  clades 

Inque  Patres  populumque  fluxit: 

into  the  patres  and  the  populus,  that  is  into  all  of  Roman  citizens 
both  patricians  and  senators,  as  well  as  Plebs.  This  solemn  for 
mula  is  in  every  kind  of  writing  which  we  will  collect  in  full  measure 
in  order  that  we  may  sustain  the  boldness  of  this  conjecture  by 
weight  of  numbers  and  thick  phalanxes. 

Virgil  Aen.  IV,  682. 

Extinxti  me  teque,  soror,  populumque  patresque 

Sidonios,  urbemque  tuam. 
IX.  192 

Aeneam  acciri  omnes  populusque  patresque 

Exposcunt. 
Ovidius  Metam.  XV. 

Extinctum  Latiaeque  nurus,  populusque  patresque 

Deflevere  Numan. 
Martialis  VIII,  50 

Vescitur  omnis  eques  tecum  populusque  patresque. 

And  he  continues  to  give  many  more  passages  where  the 
phrase  is  used. 
With  the  foregoing  compare  this  note  of  Theobald : 

Macbeth,  Page  554. 

We  have  Scorch'd  the  Snake,  not  kill'd  it  ... 
She'll  close,  and  be  herself;  .  .  . 

This  is  a  Passage  which  has  all  along  pass'd  current  thro'  the 
Editions,  and  likewise  upon  the  Stage;  and  yet,  I  dare  affirm, 


SHAKESPEARE   RESTORED  77 

is  not  our  Author's  Reading.  What  has  a  Snake,  closing  again, 
to  do  with  its  being  scorch' 'df  Scorching  would  never  either 
separate,  or  dilate,  its  Parts;  but  rather  make  them  instantly  con 
tract  and  shrivel.  Shakespeare,  I  am  very  well  persuaded,  has 
this  Notion  in  his  Head,  (which  how  true  in  Fact,  I  will  not  pre 
tend  to  determine)  that  if  you  cut  a  Serpent  or  Worm  asunder, 
in  several  Pieces;  there  is  such  an  unctious  quality  in  their  Blood, 
that  the  dismember'd  Parts,  being  only  plac'd  near  enough  to 
touch  one  another,  will  cement  and  become  as  whole  as  before 
the  Injury  was  receiv'd.  The  Application  of  this  Thought  is  to 
Duncan,  the  murther'd  King,  and  his  surviving  Sons;  Macbeth 
considers  them  so  much  as  Members  of  the  Father,  that  tho'  he 
has  cut  off  the  old  Man,  he  would  say  he  has  not  entirely  kilFd 
him;  but  he'll  cement  and  close  again  in  the  Lives  of  his  Sons 
to  the  Danger  of  Macbeth.  If  I  am  not  deceived  therefore,  our 
Poet  certainly  wrote  thus; 

We  have  Scotch'd  the  Snake,  not  kill'd  it  ... 
She'll  close,  and  be  herself;  .  .  . 

To  Scotch,  however  the  Generalities  of  our  Dictionaries  happen 
to  omit  the  Word,  signifies  to  notch,  slash,  cut  with  Twigs,  Sword, 
etc.,  and  so  Shakespeare  more  than  once  has  used  it  in  his  works. 
So  Coriolanus,  Page  182. 

He  was  too  hard  for  him  directly,  to  say  the  Troth 
on't; 

Before  Corioli,  he  Scotch'd  him  and  notch'd  him, 
And  so  again,  Anthony  and  Cleopatra,  Page  393. 

We'll  beat  them  into  Bench-Holes,  I  have  yet 

Room  for  six  Scotches  more. 

To  show  how  little  we  ought  to  trust  implicitly  to  Dictionaries  for 
Etymologies,  we  need  no  better  Proof  than  from  Bailey  in  his  Ex 
plication  of  the  Term  Scotch-Collops;  he  tells  us  that  it  means  slices 
of  Veal  fix'd  after  the  Scotch  Manner:  But,  besides  that  that  Na 
tion  are  not  famous  for  the  elegance  of  their  Cookery,  it  is  more 
natural,  and  I  dare  say  more  true,  to  allow  that  it  ought  to  be 


78 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


wrote  Scotcht-Collops,  i.e.  Collops,  or   slices    slash'd  cross  and 
cross,  before  they  are  put  on  the  coals.28 

The  same  method  is  apparent  in  both  notes.  First  we 
have  the  critical  doubt.  Bentley  is  unwilling  to  let  the  usual 
reading  stand  because  it  produces  tautology,  Theobald  be 
cause  it  is  repugnant  to  the  context.  Both  are  willing  to 
depart  from  all  manuscripts  or  previous  authorities.  Both 
adopt  an  interrogatory  attitude,  and  express  their  doubts 
in  rhetorical  questions.  Here,  as  elsewhere  in  his  notes, 
Theobald  follows  Bentley  in  introducing  first  the  customary 
reading,  viewing  it  from  all  sides,  examining  and  rejecting 
explanations,  and  thus  reducing  the  reader  to  a  state  of 
perplexity  and  expectancy  until  the  psychological  moment 
for  the  emendation.  Bentley  very  seldom  introduces  his 
emendation  first,  a  characteristic  that  is  one  of  the  ear-marks 
of  his  method.  By  necessity  Theobald's  preliminary  re 
marks  are  shorter  than  Bentley's,  for  the  classical  critic  has 
far  more  readings  to  consider,  more  explanations  to  overturn, 
owing  to  the  previous  work  done  on  the  classics.29  There 

28  Shakespeare  Restored,  p.  185. 

29  The    irrepressible    Dr.  King  has  taken  off  these  preambles  in 
humorous  fashion:    "One  of  the  greatest  pleasures  in  Poetry  is  ex 
pectation,  and  next  to  this  is  surprise;    the  first  is  more  lasting,  the 
other  more  moving  —  Now  that  which  is  so  much  admired  in  poetry, 
the  Dr.  is  resolved  to  try  in  criticism;  when  he  found  his  readers  divided 
in  this  place  about  two  different  lections,  Daunias  and  Daunia,  with 
what  pomp  and  ostentation  he  sets  out  in  discussing  this  affair?     How 
he  leads  us  thro  many  great  and  noble  adventures,  the  confutation  of 
Nic.  Heinsius,  the  power  of  a  Greek  declension,  the  story  of  the  Ap- 
pian  Fountain,  Direction  how  to  pick  up  a  whore  in  Rome,  the  mag- 
nificance  of  Agrippa,  the  Travels  of  Daunus  the  Illyrian,  the  stupidity 
of  the  librarians,  and  so  on;    till  having  filled  us  brimful  with  expec 
tation  of  the  issue,  he  at  last  bursts  out  at  once  upon  us  with  this 
final  decision.     'That  we  may  read  it  which   way  we   please.'"      The 
Odes,  Epodes  and  Carmen  Seculare  of  Horace.     In  Latin  and  English. 
MDCCXIIL     Note  on  Bentley's  note  on  Bk.  I,  Ode  22,  1.  14. 


SHAKESPEARE   RESTORED  79 

is  cleverness  in  this  method,  for  when  the  reader  is  convinced 
that  the  accepted  reading  is  wrong,  and  is  completely  per 
plexed  as  to  what  the  real  reading  is,  the  plausibility  of  an 
emendation  is  magnified  several  fold. 

After  the  emendation  has  been  proposed  the  next  step  in 
the  process  is  the  conjectural  criticism  or  the  supporting  of 
the  change.  Before  applause  at  their  sagacity  has  died 
away,  Theobald  and  Bentley  are  hard  at  it  reinforcing  their 
emendations.  It  becomes  Bentley's  task  to  show  that  the 
expression  "patres  populusque"  is  a  usual  and  preferred  one, 
which  he  does  by  quoting  from  Virgil,  Ovid,  Martial,  and 
others  where  the  phrase  is  found.  In  a  similar  manner 
Theobald  takes  it  upon  himself  to  show  that  Shakespeare 
uses  "scotch'd"  in  a  sense  agreeable  to  his  correction;  this 
he  does  by  quoting  passages  from  Coriolanus  and  Antony 
and  Cleopatra,  where  the  word  is  used.  While  this  is  by 
no  means  the  only  method  employed  by  both  critics  in 
support  of  a  correction,  it  is  the  one  most  generally  used  and 
relied  upon.  A  glance  through  the  Horace  and  Shakespeare 
Restored  will  show  how  consistently  this  means  of  substantiat 
ing  readings  or  conjectures  is  adopted. 

But  Theobald's  remarks  are  by  no  means  devoted  entirely 
to  emendations.  In  overthrowing  a  definition  of  Pope's 
he  follows  Bentley's  method.  In  Hamlet,  Act  I,  Sc.  5, 
Pope  defines  "unanel'd"  as  meaning  "no  knell  rung." 

I  don't  pretend  to  know  what  Glossaries  Mr.  Pope  may  have  con 
sulted,  and  trusts  to;  but  whose  soever  they  are,  I  am  sure  their 
Comment  is  very  singular  upon  the  Word  I  am  about  to  mention. 
I  cannot  find  any  Authority  to  countenance  unaneal'd  in  signifying 
no  knell  rung.  This  is,  if  I  mistake  not,  what  the  Greeks  were 
used  to  call  an  a7ro£  Aeyd/xevov  an  Interpretation  that  never  was 
used  but  once.  Nor,  indeed,  can  I  see  how  this  participial  Adjec 
tive  should  be  formed  from  the  Substantive  Knell.  It  could  not 
possibly  throw  out  the  K,  or  receive  in  the  A.  We  have  an  Instance 


80  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

in  our  Poet  himself,  where  the  participial  Adjective  of  the  Verb 
simple  from  this  Substantive  retains  the  K;  and  so  Mr.  Pope 
writes  it  there. 

Macbeth,  pag.  598. 

Had  I  as  many  Sons  as  I  have  Hairs, 
I  would  not  wish  them  to  a  fairer  Death; 
And  so  his  Knell  is  Knoll'd. 

The  Compound  Adjective,  therefore,  from  that  Derivation  must 
have  been  written,  unknelPd;  (or,  uriknoWd;)  a  word  which  will 
by  no  Means  fill  up  the  Poet's  Verse,  were  there  no  stronger  Rea 
sons  to  except  against  it  ;  as  it  unluckily  happens,  there  are.  Let 
us  see  then  what  Sense  the  Word  unanel'd  then  bears.  Skinner 
in  his  Lexicon  of  Old  and  Obsolete  English  Terms,  tells  us,  that 
Anealed  is  unctus;  a  Praep.  Teut:  an  and  die  Oleum:  so 
that  unanealed  must  consequently  signify,  "Not  being  anointed  t 
or  not  having  the  extream  Unction." 

Theobald  then  substitutes  a  variant  reading,  "  disappointed," 
for  "anointed,"  which  follows  "unaneal'd,"  and  ends  his 
note  thus : 

So  that,  this  Reading  and  this  Sense  being  admitted,  the  Tautol 
ogy  is  taken  away;  and  the  Poet  very  finely  makes  his  Ghost 
complain  of  these  four  dreadful  Hardships,  viz :  That  he  had  been 
dispatch'd  out  of  Life  without  receiving  the  (Hoste,  or)  Sacra 
ment;  without  being  reconciled  to  Heaven  and  absolved;  without 
the  Benefit  of  extream  Unction;  or,  without  so  much  as  a  Confes 
sion  made  of  his  Sins.  The  having  no  Knell  rung,  I  think,  is  not 
a  Point  of  equal  Consequence  to  any  of  these;  especially,  if  we 
consider  that  the  Roman  Church  admits  the  Efficacy  of  Praying 
for  the  Dead.30 

In  a  note  on  line  450  of  the  Clouds  of  Aristophanes,  con 
tributed  to  Kuster's  edition  of  that  poet,  Bentley  takes  up 
the  word  /xaTtoXoixos. 

This  word  the  scholiast,  Photius,  Suidas,  Eustathius  and  others 
allow.     Hesychius    has    fumuoAoixos.     Some    of    them    derive 
30  Shakespeare  Restored,  pp.  53-55. 


SHAKESPEARE   RESTORED  81 

the  word  from  /xareuos,  others  from  /uariov  (which  they  wish 
to  mean  eXa^to-ros)  or  from  /u^mov,  a  kind  of  measure.  All 
these  explanations  flow  from  this  one  place  in  Aristophanes,  and 
a  faulty  one,  too,  if  I  am  not  mistaken.  For  by  the  law  of 
anapaests  /wmoAoixos  should  have  the  first  syllable  long;  there 
fore  it  is  not  from  fumov  which  has  the  first  syllable  short.  In 
deed  with  whom  as  sponsor  should  we  admit  this  fianov,  whether 
a  'very  small  something'  or  a  'measure'?  Who  has  said  it  else 
where,  who  by  hearsay  has  heard  it?  But  granted  that  we  con- 
ceed  the  grammarians  this,  then  what  sense  arises  here? 
Aoixos,  'a  licker  of  vanities,'  a  'vain  licker':  and 
'a  licker  of  infinitesimals,'  or  a  'licker  of  measures/  Surely  here 
are  the  deliriums  of  grammarians.  With  the  slightest  change  I 
correct  thus  Srpo^is,  apyaAe'os  /wiTTvoAoixos.  Moreover  you  well 
know  what  Marrvrj  is;  without  doubt,  desserts,  rich  viands;  as 
turdi;  and  other  things  of  that  nature.  You  know  that  line  of 
Martial  —  '  Inter  quadrupedes  mattya  prima  lepus  —  '  You  also 
know  from  Athanaeus  that  Aristophanes  has  used  the  word 
fjMTTvr)  elsewhere.  Mai-TvoAoixos,  therefore,  as  Kvio-oXoi^os,  licker 
of  sweetmeats;  which  not  only  can  signify  gluttony  but  also  im 
pudence,  so  that  it  agrees  with  the  other  epithets  here,  Opacrvs, 
etc. 


Although  arranged  in  somewhat  different  order,  the  ele 
ments  of  both  notes  are  the  same.  Bentley  claims  that  the 
explanations  of  jwrnoAoixos  are  based  on  a  single  occurrence 
of  the  word,  and  likewise  Theobald  holds  that  Pope's 
definition  of  "unanel'd"  is  an  aira£  Xf.yop.evov  "an  Inter 
pretation  that  never  was  used  but  once."  Bentley  insinu 
ates  that  the  current  explanations  of  the  Greek  word  makes 
no  sense  in  the  passage;  Theobald  says  that  Pope's  defini 
tion  "is  not  a  point  of  equal  Consequence"  to  the  other 
hardships.  Bentley  shows  that  /nanoAoixo's  cannot  be 
derived  from  pdrvov  on  metrical  grounds;  Theobald  makes 
it  plain  that  "unanel'd"  cannot  be  derived  from  "unknell'd," 
for  the  "k"  could  not  have  dropped  out  or  the  "a"  been 
inserted,  and  that  "unknelled"  cannot  stand  for  metrical 


82  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

reasons.  Bentley  bases  his  reading  upon  \M.rr\»]\  Theobald 
bases  his  upon  "anealed."  For  authority  Bentley  refers 
to  Martial  and  Athenaeus,  Theobald  to  Skinner's  Lexicon. 
Bentley  concludes  by  stating  that  his  correction  agrees 
with  the  other  epithets;  in  his  conclusion  Theobald  asserts 
that  his  reading  is  on  a  plane  of  equality  with  the  other 
hardships  suffered  by  Hamlet's  father. 

Theobald  has  been  criticized  for  his  elaborate  corrections 
of  punctuation,  but  in  this  he  was  also  following  Bentley. 
One  of  the  latter's  notes  on  Horace  reads : 31 

Proeliis  Audax  neque  te  silebo  Liber.  From  the  times  of  the 
scholiast  Acron,  there  has  been  no  one  who  has  not  punctuated 
the  verse  in  this  manner,  just  as  if  Liber  proeliis  Audax  was  said 
by  Horace.  We  ought  justly  to  be  indignant  at  that  which  has 
been  so  carelessly  done.  For  although  it  must  be  confessed  that 
the  victorious  Bacchus  with  the  dance  of  his  satyrs,  and  Maenads 
had  penetrated  to  farthest  India;  whence  on  this  account  he  is 
called  brave  by  Valerius  Flaccus. 
V.494. 

quotque  ante  secuti 
Inde  nee  audacem  Bacchum  nee  Persea  reges. 

And  in  the  Gigantomachia  he  lacerated  Rhoecus  in  the  form  of 
a  lion:  but  not  from  one  or  two  acts,  but  from  the  continued  nature 
and  character  of  Bacchus,  must  this  epithet  have  been  given. 
And  yet  Bacchus  is  nearly  always  ridiculed  by  the  poets,  as  if  he 
were  the  most  meticulous  and  effeminate  of  all  the  gods.  Only 
look  at  the  Batrachi  of  Aristophanes;  where  the  most  facetious 
of  poets  makes  wonderful  jokes  of  his  cowardice  and  timidity. 
Why  say  more?  This  epithet  must  be  referred  to  Pallas,  not  to 
Liber;  and  the  faulty  pointing  corrected  in  this  manner: 

Proximos  illi  tamen  occupavit 

Pallas  honores 

Proeliis  audax.     Neque  te  silebo, 
Liber. 


31  Bk.  1,  Carm.  12,  v.  21. 


SHAKESPEARE   RESTORED  83 

Which  suits  Pallas  as  aptly  as  can  be,  and  he  evidently  must  be 
blind  that  does  not  see  it.  The  poets  adorn  her  here  and  there 
with  these  titles:  Bellica,  bellatrix,  bellipotens,  belligera;  etc. 
and  also  the  Greeks. 

Virgilius  Aen.  XI. 

Armipotens  belli  praeses  Tritonia  Virgo. 
Statius  Silv.  IV.  5. 

Regina  bellorum  Virago. 

Theobald   corrects  the  punctuation  in  a   passage  from 
Troilus  and  Cressida,  Act.  IV,  Sc.  I.32 

Troilus  and  Cressida,  Page  74. 

Aene.    And  thou  shall  hunt  a  Lion  that  will  flie 

With  his  Face  back  in  human  gentleness: 
Welcome  to  Troy  .  .  .  Now,  by  Anchises's 

Life, 
Welcome  indeed  .  .  . 

Thus  this  passage  has  all  along  been  read,  and  never  understood, 
as  I  suppose,  by  any  of  the  Editors.  The  second  and  fourth 
Folio  Editions  make  a  small  Variation  of  the  Pointing,  but  do  not 
at  all  mend  the  Matter.  I  don't  know  what  Conception  the  Edi 
tors  have  had  to  themselves  of  a  Lion's  flying  in  humane  Gentleness  : 
To  Me,  I  confess,  it  seems  strange  Stuff.  If  a  Lion  fly  with  his  Face 
turn'd  backward,  it  is  fighting  all  the  Way  in  his  Retreat;  And 
in  this  Manner  it  is  Aeneas  professes  that  He  shall  fly,  when  he's 
hunted.  But  where  then  are  the  Symptoms  of  humane  Gentle 
ness?  Mr.  Dryden,  in  his  Alteration  of  this  Play  from  Shake 
speare,  has  acted  with  great  caution  upon  this  Passage:  For  not 
giving  himself  the  Trouble  to  trace  the  Author's  Meaning,  or  to 
rectify  the  Mistakes  of  his  Editors,  he  closes  the  Sentence  at  ... 
with  his  face  backward ;  and  entirely  leaves  out,  in  humane  Gentle 
ness.  In  short,  the  Place  is  flat  Nonsense  as  it  stands,  only  for 
Want  of  true  Pointing.  I  think,  there  is  no  Question  to  be  made, 
but  that  Shakespeare  intended  it  thus : 

»  Shakespeare  Restored,  pp.  147,  148. 


84  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

And  Thou  shall  hunt  a  Lion,  that  will  flie 
With  his  Face  back.  .  .  .  In  humane  Gentleness, 
Welcome  to  Troy;  .  .  .  Now,  by  Anchises'  Life, 
Welcome,  indeed:  .  .  . 

Aeneas,  as  soon  as  ever  he  has  returned  Diomede's  Brave,  stops 
short  and  corrects  himself  for  expressing  so  much  Fury  in  a  Time 
of  Truce;  from  the  fierce  Soldier  becomes  the  Courtier  at  once; 
and,  remembering  his  enemy  as  Guest  and  an  Ambassador, 
welcomes  him  as  such  to  the  Trojan  Camp.  This  Correction, 
which  I  have  here  made,  slight  as  it  is,  not  only  restores  good 
Sense,  but  admirably  keeps  up  the  Character  which  Aeneas  had 
before  given  Agamemnon  of  his  Trojan  Nation,  Page  27. 

Courtiers  as  free,  as  debonair,  unarm'd, 

As  bending  Angels;  that's  their  Fame  in  peace: 

But  when  they  would  seem  Soldiers,  they  have  Galls, 

Good  Arms,  strong  Joints,  true  Swords,  and  Jove's  Accord, 

Nothing  so  full  of  Heart. 

Each  critic  calls  attention  to  the  fact  that  the  passage 
has  long  labored  under  the  wrong  pointing.  Bentley  shows 
that  the  phrase  "proem's  audax"  is  not  applicable  to  Bacchus, 
by  quotations  from  various  sources,  while  Theobald  shows 
that  the  phrase  "in  humane  gentleness"  is  not  applicable 
to  the  lion  described,  by  appeal  to  common  sense  and  ref 
erence  to  Dryden's  alteration  of  the  play.  Bentley  asserts 
that  his  pointing  gives  an  epithet  to  Pallas  which  suits  her 
"as  aptly  as  can  be,"  and  for  proof  quotes  passages  from 
Virgil  and  Statius,  where  such  a  character  is  given  her. 
Theobald's  pointing  gives  the  disputed  phrase  to  the  Trojans, 
which,  he  says,  "admirably  keeps  up  the  Character"  of 
those  people,  and  for  proof  he  quotes  from  the  play  under 
discussion,  where  such  a  character  is  given  them. 

The  notes  quoted  above  are  by  no  means  exceptional, 
and  it  would  not  be  a  hard  matter  to  find  parallels  in  Bentley 's 
Horace  for  the  majority  of  the  notes  in  Shakespeare  Restored. 


SHAKESPEARE   RESTORED  85 

In  general,  the  selections  have  been  made  because  of  small 
resemblances;  the  more  general  and  fundamental  similari 
ties  are  apparent  in  nearly  all  the  notes.  In  proposing  an 
emendation,  correcting  punctuation,  and  defending  a  variant 
or  explaining  a  current  reading  Theobald  follows  closely  in 
the  footsteps  of  Bentley.  No  example  has  been  given  of 
the  defense  or  explanation  of  a  reading,  but  it  is  easy  to  make 
a  comparison  of  the  notes  on  Horace,  Bk.  I,  Ode  XVIII, 
v.  14;  Bk.  Ill,  Ode  XXVII,  v.  48;  and  Bk.  I,  Sermo  VIr 
v.  79,  with  the  notes  found  on  pages  61,  109,  and  128  of 
Shakespeare  Restored.  Yet  there  is  little  use  in  particulariz 
ing,  as  almost  any  two  notes  having  a  similar  purpose  will 
serve. 

Theobald's  notes  easily  fall  into  the  divisions  made  for 
classical  textual  criticism  —  the  critical  doubt,  emendation, 
and  conjectural  criticism.33  In  the  critical  doubt  he  brings 
grammatical,  historical,  and  aesthetic  tests  to  play  upon 
the  various  readings.  By  a  close  study  of  the  passage  and 
the  context  he  may  show  where  there  is  bad  grammar  or  a 
violation  of  metrical  laws.  Sometimes  he  points  out  that 
the  current  reading  is  contrary  to  the  context,  or  that  the 
passage  possesses  little  or  no  meaning.  Sometimes  he 
proves  that  there  stands  in  the  text  a  word  which  does  not 
exist,  or  which  cannot  have  the  meaning  necessary  to  the 
intelligibility  of  the  passage.  All  this  he  does  by  scrutinizing 
the  text  with  critical  care  and  producing  his  proofs  with 
learning  and  logic.  In  these  last  Theobald  may  be  far 
inferior  to  Bentley,  yet  their  presence  is  apparent  on  every 
page.  There  is  no  jumping  to  conclusions,  neither  is  there 
any  blind  acceptation  of  unintelligible  passages,  but  in  their 
stead  a  careful  weighing  of  evidence,  a  logical  handling 
of  facts  toward  the  ascertaining  of  a  corruption.  In  a, 
critical  light  he  examines  everything. 

33  See  ante,  Chap.  II,  note  29. 


86  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

Bentley's  grammatical  criticism  contains  the  same  ele 
ments.  Especially  does  he  study  the  context,  even  sum 
marizing  it  in  many  of  his  notes.  In  such  cases  he  shows 
that  the  suspected  word  is  either  directly  contrary  to  the 
context,  or  else  renders  the  whole  passage  absurd  and  un 
intelligible.  Again  he  may  prove,  by  etymology  or  other 
wise,  that  a  certain  word  is  impossible,  or  that  it  cannot 
bear  the  meaning  necessary  to  the  sense  of  the  passage.  He 
is  quick  to  note  a  mistake  in  grammar  and  is  thorough  in 
his  investigations  of  a  grammatical  law.  In  some  of  his 
notes  he  shows  faults  in  meter,  a  far  more  certain  element 
in  the  classics  than  in  English,  though  Pope  depended  largely 
upon  it  in  his  corrections,  and  Theobald  not  infrequently 
emended  for  metrical  reasons.  Intelligibility,  grammar, 
and  meter  are  the  fundamentals  of  grammatic  criticism  with 
both  Theobald  and  Bentley.  Also  the  style  and  manner 
of  showing  violations  in  these  are  the  same.  Especially 
prominent  is  the  use  of  rhetorical  questions,  and  they  are 
asked  with  the  same  gusto  by  both  critics. 

Historical  criticism  proves  a  corruption  by  showing  that 
knowledge  derived  from  other  sources  contradicts  the  passage 
under  observation.  Bentley's  extensive  and  organized  knowl 
edge  enabled  him  to  use  this  with  wonderful  success,  evi 
dence  of  which  is  seen  throughout  all  his  works.  One  of 
the  notes  quoted  above  furnishes  an  example  of  this  kind  of 
criticism.  According  to  the  current  punctuation  Bacchus 
was  characterized  as  warlike,  but  knowledge  gained  from 
other  writers  shows  that  he  was  of  quite  an  opposite  nature. 
Theobald  likewise  uses  historical  criticism  a  great  deal. 
Pages  159-165  are  entirely  devoted  to  showing  the  mistakes 
of  Pope  due  to  inadvertence  to  history.  From  his  knowledge 
of  the  story  of  Theseus,  Theobald  shows  that  in  A  Mid 
summer  Night's  Dream  "Pergenia"  should  be  "Pergune";34 

34  Shakespeare  Restored,  p.  159. 


SHAKESPEARE   RESTORED  87 

from  his  knowledge  of  English  history  he  shows  that   in  ' 
King  John  "Anjou"  should  be  substituted  for  "Angiers";  M 
and  from  his  knowledge  of  Latin  literature  he  believes  that 
"love"  should  be  changed  to  "Jove"  in  Much  Ado  About 
Nothing.™ 

Both  Theobald  and  Bentley  make  bold  to  engage  in  aes 
thetic  criticism,  the  most  dangerous  of  the  three.  Here  it 
would  not  be  rash  to  grant  the  Shakespearean  critic  precedence 
over  the  classical  scholar.  The  logical  nature  of  Bentley's 
mind,  which  was  of  so  much  assistance  hi  establishing 
fact  and  restoring  meaning  to  unintelligible  passages,  was 
more  of  a  hindrance  than  a  help  in  judging  literature  by 
artistic  standards.  He  could  not  overcome  the  tendency 
to  inject  logical  consistency  into  a  poetical  passage.  Though 
his  Horace  furnishes  many  instances  of  this  fault,  the  shining 
example  is  his  edition  of  Milton,  where  his  notes  are  logical 
enough,  but  with  a  logic  that  makes  poetry  prose.  In  his 
classical  notes  he  depended  upon  his  literary  judgment  with 
every  sign  of  assurance,  expressing  his  criticisms  with  such 
words  as  "jejune,"  "otiose,"  "rough,"  and  the  like.  Aes 
thetic  criticism  requires  more  than  knowledge,  more  than 
logic.  It  requires  a  certain  innate  perception,  nourished 
by  a  close  and  sympathetic  study  of  the  best  in  literature. 
An  aesthetic  critic  must  be  a  potential  artist. 

Here  Theobald  shows  his  superiority.  He  was  a  poet, 
poor  indeed  but  with  judgment  superior  to  his  accomplish 
ments.  His  criticisms  are  worth  reading  when  he  speaks 
of  a  passage  as  possessing  energy  or  elegance,  as  being  bald 
and  mean,  marred  by  tautology  or  indifferent  English.  He 
condemns  one  line  as  being  "a  dragging  Parapleromatick," 
and  makes  a  truly  wonderful  emendation.37  A  passage  in 

35  Shakespeare  Restored,  p.  161. 

36  Idem,  p.  175. 

37  Shakespeare  Restored,  p.  190. 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 

Romeo  and  Juliet  read 

As  is  the  bud  bit  with  an  envious  Worm 
E're  he  can  spread  his  sweet  leaves  to  the  air 
Or  dedicate  his  beauty  to  the  same. 

Logic  or  knowledge  could  find  no  fault  with  this  passage. 
It  is  perfectly  clear  and  consistent.  Bentley  could  have 
found  little  to  cavil  at.  But  the  poetic  sense  of  Theobald 
made  him  hesitate  at  the  last  line  as  being  prose  rather  than 
poetry,  and  the  same  artistic  feeling  suggested  "sun"  for 
"same."  It  is  hard  to  conceive  of  the  great  classical  critic 
making  an  emendation  that  would  show  such  a  delicate 
poetic  feeling.  Perhaps  we  shall  never  know  whether 
Shakespeare  wrote  "sun,"  but  the  emendation  will  always 
remain  a  contribution  to  things  beautiful.  We  even  find 
Theobald  escaping  where  Pope  erred.  His  appreciation 
of  poetic  license  made  him  reject  Pope's  conjecture  of  "siege" 
for  "sea"  in  Hamlet's  famous  soliloquy,  even  though  there 
seemed  to  be  a  violation  of  reason.38 

As  has  been  noticed  on  a  previous  page,  after  the  critical 
doubt  Bentley  and  Theobald  use  similar  expressions  in 
introducing  their  emendations.  The  tone  in  these  introduc 
tory  phrases  —  and  often  the  wording  itself  —  is  the  same, 
ranging  all  the  way  from  the  greatest  surety  to  a  doubting 
diffidence,  with  the  former  more  frequent.  Statements 
such  as  "It  must  certainly  be  read  thus,"  "It  must  be 

38  Shakespeare  Restored,  p.  82.  We  can  well  imagine  how  Bentley 
would  have  attacked  this  passage:  "Or  to  take  arms  against  a  sea  of 
Trouble.  Thus  all  the  editions  I  have  ever  seen,  but  never  will 
they  prevail  upon  me  to  agree  with  them.  For  who  would  do  such 
a  thing  as  arm  against  the  sea?  How  could  one  fight  with  water? 
Surely  this  is  wretched  nonsense.  It  is  true  that  Xerxes  ordered 
the  sea  whipt,  but  who  would  believe  that  the  poet  was  thinking  of 
him?  Correct,  as  the  poet  most  certainly  wrote,  'a  siege  of  trouble.' 
This  figure  is  often  employed  by  the  poets."  And  then  would  come 
a  long  list  of  quotations  in  which  "siege"  was  used. 


SHAKESPEARE   RESTORED  89 

corrected  in  spite  of  all  copies,"  "  Without  doubt  it  must 
be  corrected/'  as  well  as  more  modest  assertions,  such  as  "I 
suspect  that,"  "I  scarcely  doubt  that,"  "I  dare  affirm  our 
author  wrote  thus,"  are  found  on  nearly  every  page  of  the 
Horace  and  Shakespeare  Restored.  Although  this  is  a 
trifling  correspondence,  it  is  so  prevalent  as  to  give  a  certain 
tone  or  atmosphere  to  the  English  and  Latin  notes. 

In  the  actual  emendation  the  two  critics  both  show  al 
most  uncanny  sagacity.  Though  Bentley  shows  in  his 
notes  more  learning  and  sheer  mental  power,  Theobald's 
emendations  give  just  as  clear  proof  that  he  was  possessed 
of  that  peculiar  indefinable  gift  necessary  to  any  great 
corrector.  Furthermore,  Theobald  evinces  more  respect 
for  manuscript  authority  than  Bentley  (the  earlier  editions  of 
Shakespeare  corresponding  to  the  manuscripts  of  classical 
authors).  While  the  latter  calls  attention  to  "the  slightest 
change"  or  "the  change  of  a  single  letter"  required  for  an 
emendation,  he  is  not  loath  to  restore  with  an  air  of  certainty 
where  there  is  little  or  no  trace  of  the  true  reading  in  the 
manuscripts.  Theobald  also  calls  attention  to  the  slight 
change  in  the  current  text  necessaiy  for  his  emendations, 
but  where  all  traces  are  lost  he  puts  his  emendation 
on  the  basis  of  pure  conjecture.39  It  is  really  remarkable 
that,  living  in  an  age  when  so  much  license  was  granted 
the  restorer,  and  being  among  the  very  first  to  correct  English 
texts,  Theobald  should  have  kept  so  close  to  the  various 
readings.  It  is  on  this  ground  that  he  defends  himself 
against  unjust  censure: 

39  "We  have  not,  indeed,  so  much  as  the  Foot-steps,  or  Traces,  of 
a  corrupt  Reading  here  to  lead  us  to  an  Emendation:  nor  any  Means 
left  of  restoring  what  is  lost  but  Conjecture.  I  shall  therefore  offer 
only  what  from  the  Sense  of  the  Context  seems  to  be  required.  I  am  far 
from  affirming  that  I  shall  give  the  Poet's  very  Words,  but  'tis  probable 
that  they  were,  at  least,  very  near  what  follows  in  Substance."  Shake 
speare  Restored,  p.  108. 


90  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

But  it  is  high 'Time  now  that  I  turn  my  Pen  to  one  promised 
Part  of  my  Task,  which  is  yet  in  Arrears,  viz.  an  Endeavour  to 
restore  Sense  to  Passages,  in  which,  thro'  the  Corruption  of  suc 
cessive  Editions,  no  Sense  has  hitherto  been  found:  Or  to  restore, 
to  the  best  of  my  Power,  the  Poet's  true  Text,  where  I  suspect  it 
to  be  mistaken  thro'  the  Error  of  the  Press  or  the  Manuscript. 
The  utmost  Liberty  that  I  shall  take  in  this  attempt,  shall  generally 
confine  itself  to  the  minute  Alteration  of  a  single  Letter  or  two: 
An  Indulgence  which,  I  hope,  I  cannot  fear  being  granted  me,  if 
it  retrives  Sense  to  such  Places  as  have  either  escaped  Observation 
or  never  been  disputed  or  understood  by  their  Editors.40 

As  regards  manuscript  assistance,  Bentley  was  far  more 
fortunate  than  Theobald  in  his  apparatus  criticus.  Many 
are  the  manuscripts  and  editions  of  Horace  that  figure  in 
his  notes.  Theobald,  however,  for  his  remarks  on  Hamlet, 
had  to  rely  on  the  second  folio,41  the  1637  quarto,  a  1703 
quarto,  and  Hughes'  quarto.  For  part  of  his  work  he  had 
an  opportunity  of  examining  the  fourth  folio.  For  the 
rest  of  the  plays  he  had  to  content  himself  with  the  folios 
just  mentioned,  the  1600  quarto  of  Much  Ado  About  Nothing, 
the  1611  quarto  of  Titus  Andronicus,  and  a  1655  quarto  of 
Lear.  He  also,  perhaps,  derived  some  slight  assistance  from 
later  alterations  of  the  plays. 

In  the  conjectural  criticism,  where  an  emendation 
is  tested  and  supported,  the  process  is  pretty  much  the  same 
as  in  the  critical  doubt.  Grammatical,  historical,  and 
aesthetic  tests  are  applied.  Both  critics  show  how  the  sense 
is  restored  or  improved,  or  grammar  rectified.  In  case  the 
correction  has  to  do  with  history,  the  restored  word  is  shown 
to  agree  with  knowledge  derived  from  other  sources.  Often 
the  emended  passage  is  shown  to  be  more  poetical  or  effective 
than  the  old  reading.  But  the  main  support  of  an  emen- 

40  Shakespeare  Restored,  p.  165. 

41  This,  Theobald  says,  was  "in  the  Generality  esteemed  the  best 
Impression  of  Shakespeare."    Shakespeare  Restored,  p.  70. 


SHAKESPEARE   RESTORED  91 

dation,  one  emphasized  by  Bentley  both  in  words  and  in 
practice,42  is  a  long  list  of  passages  from  various  works 
quoted  to  show  a  similar  or  usual  use  of  the  word  re 
stored,  or  to  support  a  stated  fact  of  history,  grammar, 
metrics,  and  the  like.  Theobald  also  emphasizes  this 
method,  and  a  glance  through  his  remarks  on  Hamlet  will 
reveal  the  large  number  of  passages  quoted.  If  there  are 
not  quite  so  many  quotations  in  the  appendix  to  Shake 
speare  Restored,  it  is  more  because  of  lack  of  space  than  of 
inclination.  On  more  than  one  occasion  he  calls  attention 
to  this  method : 

As  every  Author  is  best  expounded  and  explained  in  One  Place, 
by  his  own  Usage  and  Manner  of  Expression  in  Others  ;  wherever 
our  Poet  receives  an  Alteration  in  his  Text  from  any  of  my  Correc 
tions  or  Conjectures,  I  have  throughout  endeavoured  to  support 
what  I  offer  by  parallel  Passages,  and  Authorities  from  himself: 
which,  as  it  will  be  my  best  Justification,  where  my  Attempts 
are  seconded  with  the  Concurrence  of  my  Readers;  so  it  will 
be  my  best  Excuse  for  those  Innovations  in  which  I  am  not  so 
happy  to  have  them  think  with  me.43 

The  majority  of  Bentley 's  notes  on  Horace  are  concerned 
with  various  readings,  and  there  are  almost  as  many  "  cor 
rections  from  various  readings"  in  Theobald's  remarks  on 
Hamlet  as  there  are  conjectures,  though  we  have,  in  the 
previous  discussion,  been  chiefly  considering  the  latter. 
Yet  there  is  little  difference  in  the  process  requisite  for  the 
establishment  of  both.  An  accepted  variant  reading  is  a 
conjecture  with  manuscript  authority,  while  the  rejected 
reading  is  the  corruption.  The  suspected  reading  is  sub 
jected  to  the  scrutiny  of  the  critical  doubt,  and  the  preferred 

42  See  ante,  Chap.  II,  note  30. 

43  Shakespeare  Restored,  Introduction,    p.    viii.     See  also  p.    128, 
where  Theobald  says  that  to  expound  an  author  by  himself  "is  the 
surest  Means  of  coming  at  the  Truth  of  his  Text." 


92 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


one  is  subjected  to  all  the  tests  and  supported  by  all  possible 
authority.  The  process  involved  is  practically  the  same,  and 
appears  so  in  both  Latin  and  English  notes.  Omitted 
passages  stand  in  the  light  of  various  readings,  while  the 
correcting  of  "false  printing"  and  " false  pointing"  is  merely 
a  detail  of  conjectural  emendation. 

Theobald's  method  extends  to  the  formulation  of  certain 
metrical  and  grammatical  rules  followed  by  Shakespeare, 
together  with  certain  characteristics  of  his  poetic  style. 
He  notices  that  the  poet  often  introduces  an  extra  syllable 
into  his  verses,  and  he  refuses  to  reduce  them  to  classic  regu 
larity.44  His  corrections  for  meter  are  generally  based  on 
the  absence  of  a  syllable.  He  proves  certain  grammatical 
peculiarities,  such  as  the  use  of  nouns  and  adjectives  as 
verbs,45  the  use  of  adjectives  as  nouns,46  the  frequent  change 
of  number,47  and  the  use  of  the  nominative  case  in  pronouns 
instead  of  the  accusative.  He  notices  Shakespeare's  custom 
of  repeating  a  word  to  give  force,  and  the  redoubling  of 
pronouns.  He  reached  these  conclusions  by  a  most  thorough 
and  systematic  study  of  the  plays,  and  for  proof  of  them  he 
quotes  extensively  from  Shakespeare,  where  the  rule  is 
seen  in  operation.  Though  this  may  seem  an  obvious 
method,  it  does  not  appear  to  have  been  employed  before 
in  the  study  of  English  texts.  Bentley,  to  be  sure,  is  most 
consistent  in  the  use  of  such  a  method  when  he  is  proving 
a  metrical  or  grammatical  law,  and  if  there  was  any  source 
for  Theobald's  method,  it  must  be  here.48 

There  are  a  few  other  slight  similarities  between  the  two 
critics.  Theobald  follows  Bentley's  method  of  correcting 

44  Shakespeare  Restored,  pp.  2,  20,  24. 
46  Idem,  pp.  8,  11. 

46  Idem,  p.  37. 

47  Idem,  p.  35. 

48  For  example,  see  notes  on  Horace,  Bk.  Ill,  Ode  XVI,  v.  31,    and 
Bk.  Ill,  Ode  XII,  v.  1. 


SHAKESPEARE   RESTORED  93 

a  passage  "on  the  run,"  so  to  speak;  that  is,  quoting  a 
passage  in  support  of  an  emendation  and  then  correcting 
it,  or  correcting  the  passage  before  presenting  it  for  proof.49 
He  also  is  like  Bentley  in  claiming  credit  for  an  independent 
emendation  later  verified  by  another  reading.60  The  reason 
Theobald  gives  for  selecting  Hamlet  as  the  subject  of  most 
of  his  remarks,  not  because  it  was  the  most  faulty,  but  be 
cause  it  was  the  most  popular  of  the  plays,  is  the  same  as 
Bentley  gave  for  editing  Horace.  Besides  these  echoes  of 
Bentley,  there  are  a  few  references  to  other  scholars.  The 
motto,  taken  from  Virgil  and  appearing  on  the  title  page, 

.  .  .  Laniatum  Corpore  toto 
Deiphobum  vidi  et  lacerum  crudeliter  Ora, 
Ora,  manusque  ambo,  .  .  . 

evidently  looks  back  to  a  note  of  Markland's  Epistola 
Critical1  In  comparing  the  corrupt  text  of  Shakespeare 
to  a  sick  person,62  Theobald  was  employing  a  figure  used  in 
classical  scholarship,53  and  his  characterization  of  Pope's 
"abhorrence  of  all  innovation"  as  "downright  Supersti 
tion"  M  had  been  given  to  others.55 

This  critical  treatise  contained  several  discoveries  — 
since  become  commonplace  —  the  most  remarkable  of  which 
was  that  he  who  undertakes  to  edit  an  author  has  a  duty 
to  perform.  Theobald  claimed  that  the  failure  of  Pope's 
edition  was  explained  by  the  fact  that  the  poet  declined  the 
duty  of  an  editor,  a  duty  that  every  editor  owed  Shake- 

49  Shakespeare  Restored,  pp.  Ill,  148. 

80  Cf.  Shakespeare  Restored,  pp.  82,  102,  with  note  on  Horace,  Bk. 
Ill,  Ode  XVII,  v.  5. 

61  See  ante,  Chap.  II,  p.  45. 

82  Shakespeare  Restored,  Introduction,  p.  vi. 

88  See  ante,  Chap.  II,  p.  48. 

84  Shakespeare  Restored,  Introduction,  p.  iv. 

88  See  ante,  Chap.  II,  p.  54. 


94  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

speare  —  that  of  being  a  critic  on  him.55  This  duty  he 
further  defined  as  the  exertion  of  every  power  and  faculty 
of  the  mind  to  supply  the  defects  of  corrupt  passages,  and 
to  give  light  and  restore  sense  to  them.  Thus  he  was  un 
willing  to  pass  by,  as  he  accused  Pope  of  doing,  passages 
he  did  not  understand,  but  earnestly  set  about  clearing  up 
the  obscurity  with  what  materials  he  had  at  hand.  His 
conception  of  what  an  editor  was  obligated  to  do  was  pro 
phetic  of  the  modern  idea.  There  are  three  ways  of  removing 
textual  obscurities:  one  is  by  explaining  the  passage  on  the 
basis  of  the  current  text;  another  is  by  the  adoption  of  a 
variant  reading,  when  there  is  one ;  and  the  last  lies  in  emen 
dation.  Now  the  first  two  are  emphasized;  Theobald  was 
inclined  to  emphasize  the  last  two.  Yet  the  substance  of 
his  idea  of  an  editor's  duty  remains  the  same  to-day  —  the 
expenditure  of  the  greatest  critical  care  and  diligence  toward 
making  a  text  as  intelligible  as  possible. 

Besides,  as  we  have  seen,  he  worked  according  to  a  defi 
nite  method,  one  of  which  he  was  perfectly  conscious.  In 
one  of  his  remarks  on  Hamlet,  he  says  the  other  plays  of 
Shakespeare  can  be  restored  "with  the  same  method."57 
The  secret  of  this  method  he  states  in  another  place,  where 
he  claims  emendations  are  more  substantial  than  mere 
guesses  when  supported  by  reason  or  authority.68  Here 
is  the  spirit  of  scholarship  that  refuses  to  accept  anything 
that  cannot  be  buttressed  with  proofs  and  reasons  —  knowl 
edge  ordered  by  logic,  the  basis  of  all  sciences.  The  term 
" authority"  covers  a  multitude  of  things,  but  Theobald 
relied,  to  a  great  extent,  on  parallel  passages  quoted  to  up- 

66  Stated  on  p.  v  of  the  Introduction  and  repeated  on  p.  133  of 
Shakespeare  Restored. 

67  Shakespeare  Restored,  p.  60. 

68  Idem,  p.  133. 


SHAKESPEARE   RESTORED  95 

hold  a  reading  or  sustain  a  statement.59  References  to 
classical  writers  of  every  description  show  his  wide  acquain 
tance  with  Greek  and  Latin  literature,  while  his  quotations 
from  Shakespeare,  Chaucer,  and  Spenser  display  his  familiar 
ity  with  them.  But  the  lack  of  any  reference  to  Elizabethan 
literature  in  general,  with  the  exception  of  Spenser,  and  the 
drama  in  particular  is  rather  surprising.60  The  only  Eliza 
bethan  drama  referred  to  is  The  Humorous  Lieutenant  of 
Beaumont  and  Fletcher.  This  lack  of  knowledge  of  the 
literature  of  Shakespeare's  age  was  a  defect,  and  a  serious 
one,  in  Theobald's  method.  As  we  shall  see  later,  it  was 
in  overcoming  this  deficiency  that  Theobald's  edition  makes 
a  pronounced  advance  over  his  first  critical  effort. 

The  work  is  also  unique  for  its  time  in  that  it  is  permeated 
by  a  sincere  desire  for  truth  rather  than  victory,  a  desire 
that  makes  the  critic  confess  and  correct  a  mistake  made 
on  an  earlier  page.61  There  is  a  ring  of  sincerity  in  the 
statement,  "  Whenever  I  am  mistaken,  it  will  be  a  Pleasure 
to  me  to  be  corrected,  since  the  Public  will  at  the  same  Time 
be  undeceived."  62  Though  Theobald  speaks  of  the  "Ap 
plause  of  the  Readers"  and  implies  that  he  acted  on  a  "  View 
of  Reputation,"  63  he  did  not  let  his  desire  for  glory  over 
come  his  love  for  truth.  Even  if  his  attempt  should  fail, 
he  hopes  that  others  will  be  led  to  read  Shakespeare  more 
diligently,  so  "that  better  Critics  will  make  their  own  Ob- 

59  Cf.  Shakespeare  Restored,  p.  159.     Here  Theobald,  to  give  "author 
ity"  to  a  statement  of  his,   quotes  Plutarch,  Athenaeus,   Diodorus, 
Siculus,  Apollodorus,  and  Pausanias.     He  focuses  evidence  from  wide 
sources  upon  a  point  under  discussion  in  the  same  manner  as  Bentley. 

60  Professor  Lounsbury  says  these  extracts  are  taken  from  other 
dramatists  of  Shakespeare's  tune,  but  I  suspect  he  was  thinking  of 
Theobald's  edition.  See  Text  of  Shakespeare,  p.  160. 

61  Shakespeare  Restored,  p.  191. 

62  Idem,  p.  194. 

63  Idem,  pp.  133,  193. 


96  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

servations,  with  more  Strength  than  I  can  pretend  to."  64 
Nor  was  Theobald  disappointed  in  the  hope  that  others 
might  be  influenced  to  spend  more  time  over  the  text  of 
Shakespeare,  as  well  as  over  the  texts  of  other  English  poets. 
He  was  perfectly  aware  of  the  novelty  of  his  work  which 
he  justly  declared  to  be  "the  first  Essay  of  literal  Criticism 
upon  any  Author  in  the  English  Tongue."  65  Yet  the  very 
novelty  of  the  undertaking  made  him  regard  the  outcome 
with  some  trepidation.  Knowing  of  the  attacks  that  had 
been  made  upon  the  mighty  Bentley  and  the  Royal  Society, 
it  is  no  wonder  he  felt  that  he  ran  a  risk.66  Furthermore, 
the  consciousness  of  his  own  attitude  in  the  past  perhaps 
had  something  to  do  with  his  explanation  that  "No  Vein 
of  Pedantry,  or  Ostentation  of  useless  Criticism  invited  me 
to  this  Work."  67  He  was  somewhat  doubtful  of  the  way 
Pope  would  receive  his  book,  but  was  fatuous  enough  to 
rely  upon  the  generosity  of  a  man  whose  regard  for  Shake 
speare  and  truth  was  considerably  less  than  his  vanity. 

I  must  expect  some  Attacks  of  Wits,  being  engag'd  in  an  Under 
taking  of  so  much  Novelty:  The  Assaults  that  are  merely  idle, 
or  merely  splenatick,  I  shall  have  the  Resolution  to  despise:  And 
I  hope,  I  need  be  under  no  great  Concern  for  Those,  which  can 
proceed  from  a  generous  Antagonist.  .  .  .  And  whenever  I  have 
the  Luck  to  be  right  in  any  Observation,  I  flatter  myself,  Mr. 
Pope  himself  will  be  pleas'd,  that  Shakespeare  receives  some 
Benefit.68 

64  Shakespeare  Restored,  Introduction,  p.  vi. 
66  Idem,  p.  193. 

66  Idem,  p.  193. 

67  Idem,  p.  vi. 

68  Idem,  p.  194.     Compare  also  the  passage  on  p.  134,  where  he 
says  that  he  runs  a  great  risk  in  correcting  Pope's  emendations,  but 
where  he  is  wrong  he  is  willing  to  be  Pope's  foil.     This  brings  to  mind 
the  famous  couplet  of  Garth  on  the  Phalaris  controversy;  and,  in 
deed,  the  controversies  between  Boyle  and  Bentley  and  between  Pope 
and  Theobald  were  more  than  superficially  similar. 


SHAKESPEARE   RESTORED  97 

But  while  Theobald  had  some  misgivings  over  his  innova 
tion,  there  was  one  man  who  clearly  saw  the  importance  of 
the  volume.  His  friend,  Mathew  Concanen,  communicated 
to  The  London  Journal  for  September  3,  1726,  a  letter  of 
Theobald  containing  some  emendations,  to  which  the  former 
prefixed  a  significant  introduction  worthy  of  being  quoted 
in  full. 

It  is  a  debt  which  the  World  owes  to  those  who  have  deserved 
well  of  it,  to  preserve  their  reputations  as  long  as  the  materials 
of  which  they  are  formed  can  be  made  to  last.  To  this  kind  of 
reward  I  think  no  sort  of  men  better  entitled  than  the  Poets; 
whether  we  consider  them  as  seldom  receiving  any  other,  or  as 
they  really  are  Benefactors  in  a  very  high  degree  to  mankind. 
This  is  in  a  great  measure  confessed  by  the  practice  of  other  Coun 
tries  towards  the  memory  of  such  as  have  excelled  among  them, 
and  by  the  consent  of  all  Nations  in  their  admiration  and  ap 
plause  of  the  Antients.  We  are  the  only  people  in  Europe  who 
have  had  good  Poets  among  them,  and  yet  suffer  their  reputation 
to  moulder,  and  their  memory  as  it  were  to  rust,  for  want  of  a  little 
of  that  Critical  care,  which  is  as  truly  due  to  their  merit  as  to 
that  of  the  antient  Greek  and  Roman  Writers  —  You  perceive 
what  I  aim  at.  It  is  to  observe  to  you,  that  some  tolerable  Com 
ments  upon  the  Works  of  our  celebrated  Poets  are  not  only  ex 
pedient,  but  necessary.  Every  Writer  is  obliged  to  make  himself 
understood  of  the  age  in  which  he  lives;  but  as  he  cannot  answer 
for  the  changes  of  manners  and  language  which  may  happen 
after  his  death,  those  who  receive  pleasure  and  instruction  from 
him  are  obliged,  as  well  in  gratitude  to  him  as  in  duty  to  posterity, 
to  endeavour  to  perpetuate  his  memory,  by  preserving  his  mean 
ing.  This  is  what  the  French  have  done  by  their  Marots,  Rabelais's, 
and  Ronsards ;  nay  even  Boileau,  who  died  within  our  memory, 
is  thus  armed  against  the  assaults  of  Time.  The  Italians,  who 
are  not  thereto  provoked  by  a  changing  Language  like  ours,  have 
not  a  tolerable  Writer  in  their  tongue  whose  Works  are  not  illus 
trated  by  some  useful  Notes;  while  we,  whose  manners  are  so  vari 
able,  and  whose  Language  so  visibly  alters  every  century,  have 


98  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

not  one  Poet  (though  there  are  several  whom  we  admire)  who  has 
met  with  the  good  fortune  of  a  kind  hand  endeavouring  to  secure 
him  against  mortality.  Strange  humour!  Much  pains  have 
been  taken  to  preserve  to  us  the  Picture  of  Chaucer,  while  nobody 
has  thought  it  proper  to  render  that  better  picture  of  him,  his 
writings,  intelligible  to  future  ages.  Butler  has  had  a  Monument 
erected  to  his  memory  in  Westminster- Abbey;  how  much  more 
emphatically  might  it  be  said  to  be  erected  to  his  memory,  if  it 
were  a  Comment  upon  his  excellent  Hudibras:  which,  for  want 
of  such  illustration,  grows  every  day  less  pleasing  to  his  Readers; 
who  lose  half  his  wit  and  pleasantry,  while  they  are  ignorant  of 
the  facts  he  alludes  to.  I  own,  it  grows  daily  more  difficult  to  per 
form  this  duty  to  old  Authors;  and  therefore  the  Italians  say, 
that  a  Comment  ought  to  be  made  when  the  Work  does  not  need 
it,  for  that  it  will  be  impossible  to  make  one  when  it  does.  I 
have  been  thrown  into  these  thoughts  by  a  Letter  from  a  Gentle 
man,  who  has  first  in  our  language  given  proofs  of  an  ability  to 
do  justice  to  an  excellent  Writer.  Sorry  I  am  that  he  is  not  al 
lowed  to  indulge  the  inclination,  which  is  accompanied  by  so 
much  knowledge  and  genius  to  execute  it.  The  Letter  (which  I 
send  you  with  this)  was  occasioned  by  some  discourse  I  had  with 
him  upon  a  passage  in  Shakespeare  which,  through  the  error  of 
the  text,  neither  he  nor  I  could  then  discover  the  meaning  of; 
but  such  is  his  zeal  for  the  Author,  and  such  is  his  penetration  in 
matters  of  Learning,  that  in  a  day  or  two  he  perfectly  cleared  it 
up.  I  cannot  conclude  without  observing,  that  such  a  Critick 
as  this  might  bring  the  name  of  a  Commentator  into  the  repute 
which  it  has  lost  by  the  dull  and  useless  pedantry  of  some  Pre 
tenders  to  it.  Such  a  Gentleman,  and  none  but  such,  ought  to 
republish  an  old  Writer,  since  it  is  in  his  power  to  make  reprisals 
upon  his  Author,  and  to  receive  as  much  glory  from  him  as  he 
gives  to  him.69 

The  significance  of  Theobald's  production  is  twofold. 
First,  he  brought  to  the  study  of  English  letters  the  spirit 
and  the  method  of  sound  scholarship.  He  conducted  his 

69  Reprinted  in  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  pp.  189-191. 


SHAKESPEARE    RESTORED  99 

investigations  with  critical  care,  and  supported  his  con 
clusions  with  the  most  thoroughgoing  evidence  of  which 
the  materials  of  his  knowledge  were  capable.  Second,  he 
showed  by  the  favor  with  which  his  work  was  received  that 
English  writers  were  worthy  of  the  same  study  given  the 
classics.  He  dignified  scholarship  in  English  literature, 
raising  it  to  a  level  with  the  traditional  objects  of  research. 
It  does  not  seem  to  have  entered  the  minds  of  others  that 
the  texts  of  English  writers  deserved  the  same  minute 
care  as  the  classics,  and  Theobald  himself  was  not  sure  of 
the  value  of  his  labors ;  even  his  success  did  not  completely 
assure  him.  Later  we  find  him  turning  his  attention  away 
from  English  to  Greek  and  Latin  writers,  and  seeking  to 
bolster  up  his  reputation  by  corrections  on  them.  Nor 
is  this  strange.  From  days  immemorial  the  classics  had 
been  the  source  and  object  of  investigation,  yet  during  the 
first  quarter  of  the  eighteenth  century  the  researches  of 
Bentley  had  been  subjected  to  the  bitterest  taunts  of  the 
wits.  If  such  were  the  attitude  toward  Bentley,  what 
would  it  be  toward  one  who  brought  Bentley's  method  to 
bear  on  an  English  poet?  Yet  Theobald's  effort  met  with 
wider  and  more  complete  favor  than  Bentley's  Dissertation 
on  Phalaris.  Only  the  persistent  virulence  of  Pope  and  the 
misrepresentation  of  his  later  admirers  succeeded  in  be 
littling  the  critic's  work.  At  the  time,  Shakespeare  Restored 
met  with  great  success,  and  this,  together  with  the  convinc 
ing  nature  of  Theobald's  remarks,  influenced  others  to  turn 
their  attention  to  English  writers. 


CHAPTER  IV 


Shakespeare  Restored  met  with  a  substantial  success,  as 
is  attested  by  the  notices  and  commendations  in  the  periodi 
cals  of  that  day ;  its  popularity  is  also  seen  in  the  fact  that 
Theobald  came  to  be  known  as  "the  author  of  Shakespeare 
Restored."  l  At  the  end  of  that  work  Theobald  declared 
that  its  success  governed  his  "prosecuting  a  Design,  that 
savours  more  of  public  Spirit  than  private  Interest"',  so 
the  appearance  a  few  months  later  of  an  emendation  of 
his  shows  that  he  was  sufficiently  pleased  with  the  im 
mediate  reception  his  first  effort  secured  to  continue  in 
this  critical  field.  Henceforth  work  on  Shakespeare  became 
his  chief  interest  and  delight.  Recognition  of  his  capacity 
as  a  textual  critic,  based  upon  his  first  published  emenda 
tions,  is  well  attested  by  the  number  of  men  who  were  glad 
to  render  him  assistance.  Among  these  latter  was  Mathew 
Concanen,  a  lawyer  by  profession  and  literary  man  by  choice, 
who,  soon  after  Theobald's  appearance  as  a  Shakespearean 
scholar,  praised  his  ability,  and  regretted  that  he  had  not 
revised  the  whole  text.2 

When  this  favorable  criticism  was  written  Concanen  did 
not  know  the  scholar,  but  he  must  have  made  his  acquaint 
ance  soon  after,  for  a  correspondence  was  begun  between 
them.  He  contributed  one  of  Theobald's  letters  to  The 
London  Journal,  September  3,  1726,  together  with  his  ex 
pressed  recognition  of  the  significance  of  Theobald's  work, 

1  Lounsbury,  Text  of  Shakespeare,  pp.  177,  179. 
8  Mist's  Journal,  May  7,  1726. 


101 

quoted  in  the  previous  chapter.3  He  also  introduced  the 
critic  to  his  circle  of  literary  friends,  who  later  went  under 
the  title  of  the  "Concanen  Club."  Among  these  were 
Dennis,  James  Moore-Smythe,  and  Thomas  Cooke.  It 
was  at  a  meeting  of  this  group  that  Theobald  first  met 
Warburton,  who  was  introduced  by  Concanen  on  New 
Year's  Day,  1727.4 

On  meeting  Warburton  Theobald  must  have  immediately 
engaged  him  on  the  subject  of  Shakespeare,  ever  upper 
most  in  the  critic's  mind,  for  in  a  letter  written  the  following 
day  to  Concanen,  Warburton  speaks  of  papers  he  promised 
to  his  new  acquaintance  and  of  offering  to  "Mr.  Theobald 
an  objection  against  Shakespeare's  acquaintance  with  the 
Ancients."  6  Nothing  came  of  their  meeting  until  March, 
1729,  when  a  correspondence  began  between  them,  which, 
devoted  largely  to  criticism  of  Shakespeare,  continued  until 
the  summer  of  1736.  This  friendship  with  Warburton, 
although  the  divine  proved  to  be  absolutely  faithless,  was 
of  considerable  assistance  to  Theobald  in  rendering  him 
sympathy,  encouragement,  and  inspiration  to  pull  through 
the  dark  years  following  The  Dunciad. 

In  December  of  1727  Theobald  brought  forth  a  drama 
purporting  to  come  from  the  pen  of  Shakespeare.6  In  his 

3  This  letter  contained  the  emendation  of  "Osprey"  for  "Asprey" 
in  a  passage  in  Coriolanus,  which  is  thoroughly  proved  and  supported 
in  the  true  Bentleian  manner,  notice  being  called  to  Pope's  evident 
ignorance  of  the  meaning  of  the  passage. 

4  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  195. 

6  This  letter  contains  criticism  of  Dryden,  Milton,  and  Addison, 
as  well  as  the  famous  statement  that  Pope  borrowed  for  want  of  genius. 
Akenside  called  attention  to  it,  as  well  as  Warburton's  correspondence 
with  the  dunces  in  general,  in  a  note  on  his  An  Ode  to  The  Late  Thomas 
Edwards,  written  in  1761,  though  not  printed  until  1765. 

6  Double  Falshood;  or,  The  Distrest  Lovers.  A  Play,  As  it  is  Acted 
at  the  Theatre-Royal  in  Drury  Lane.  Written  Originally  by  W.  Shake 
speare;  And  now  Revised  and  Adapted  to  the  Stage  by  Mr.  Theo- 


102  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

dedication  to  George  Dodington,  he  calls  Double  FalsJu 
an  orphan  play  and  claims  the  credit  of  rescuing  this  remnant 
of  Shakespeare's  pen  from  obscurity.  Against  those  who 
would  attribute  the  work  to  his  own  pen,  he  objects  that 
they  pay  him  a  greater  compliment  than  he  deserves.  In 
his  preface  he  says  that  the  success  the  acted  play  met  with, 
together  with  the  reception  it  found  from  those  great  judges 
to  whom  he  communicated  the  manuscripts,  makes  a  preface 
unnecessary;  so  his  intention  is  rather  to  wipe  out  a  flying 
objection  than  to  prove  the  play  Shakespeare's.  Of  the 
three  manuscripts  he  possessed,  one  was  sixty  years  old, 
in  the  hand-writing  of  Mr.  Downes,  the  famous  old  prompter, 
and  had  been  early  in  the  possession  of  Betterton,  who 
designed  to  publish  it.  Another  he  purchased  at  a  good 
price,  and  the  third  he  received  from  a  noble  person  who  told 
him  the  tradition  that  Shakespeare  wrote  it  while  in  retire 
ment  from  the  stage,  and  gave  it  to  a  natural  daughter. 
To  show  that  chronology  was  not  against  the  ascription  he 
states  that  Don  Quixote,  from  which  the  play  was  taken, 
was  published  in  1611,  while  Shakespeare  died  in  1616. 
He  says  those  do  not  deserve  an  answer  who  think  that  in 
coloring,  diction,  and  characters,  the  play  is  nearer  Fletcher; 
so  he  leaves  it  with  better  judges,  "tho'  my  Partiality  for 
Shakespeare  makes  me  wish  that  Every  Thing  which  is 
good,  or  pleasing,  in  our  Tongue,  had  been  owing  to  his  Pen." 
The  preface  to  the  second  edition  differs  in  a  few  points 
from  the  first.  Here  he  gives  the  date  of  the  first  part 
of  Don  Quixote,  upon  which  only  the  play  is  based,  as  1605. 
He  also  says  that  he  had  once  planned  to  show  the  play 
was  Shakespeare's  by  the  peculiarity  of  the  language,  but 
had  finally  decided  no  proof  was  necessary.  Instead  of 

bald  the  Author  of  Shakespeare  Restored.  London:  Printed  by  J. 
Watts,  at  the  Printing-Office  in  Wild-Court  near  Lincolns-Inn-Fields, 
MDCCXXVIII. 


103 

the  phrase,  "in  our  Tongue,"  in  the  passage  quoted  above, 
the  second  edition  has  "in  that  other  great  poet"  (Fletcher), 
a  substitution  that  leads  me  to  believe  Theobald  saw  signs 
of  Fletcher  in  the  play. 

Theobald's  growing  reputation  as  a  Shakespearean  scholar 
carried  sufficient  weight  to  cause  a  certain  amount  of  con 
currence  in  the  ascription  of  the  play  to  Shakespeare,  though 
some  thought  it  belonged  to  Fletcher,  while  others  gave 
Theobald  the  honor.  Some  ten  years  later  Pope  said  that 
he  never  supposed  it  to  be  Theobald's,  but  took  it  to  be 
of  the  age  of  Shakespeare.7  This  statement  is  certainly 
contradictory  to  a  note  of  his  in  The  Duntiad,  where  he 
ridicules  Theobald's  weak  reasons  for  ascribing  the  play 
to  Shakespeare,  registers  his  belief  in  the  critic's  author 
ship,  and  makes  a  number  of  satirical  emendations.  Fur 
thermore,  there  were  two  references  to  the  play  in  The 
Grubstreet  Journal,  with  which  Pope  may  have  had  some 
connection.  The  first  was  a  passage  in  a  poem  entitled 
"The  Modern  Poets": 

See  Tibbald  leaves  the  lawyer's  gainful  train 

To  wrack  with  poetry  his  tortured  brain; 

Fir'd,  or  not  fir'd,  to  write  resolves  with  rage, 

And  constant  pores  o'er  Shakespeare's  sacred  page. 

Then  starting  cries  —  I  something  will  be  thought : 

I'll  write  —  then  —  boldly  swear  'twas  Shakespeare  wrote. 

Strange!   he  in  Poetry  no  forgery  fears, 

That  knows  so  well  in  Law  he'd  lose  his  ears.8 

The  other  was  a  bill  against  the  importation  or  sale  of  any 
book  pretended  to  be  written  by  a  dead  author : 

Provided,  nothing  herein  contained,  shall  be  construed  to  preju 
dice  L.  T d,  Esq;  or  the  heir  of  his  body,  lawfully  begotten, 

7  Letter  to  Aaron  Hill,  June  9,  1738.     Elwin  and  Courthope,  vol. 
10,  p.  53. 

8  Grub-street  Journal,  No.  98,  November  18, 1731. 


104  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

in  any  right  or  title,  which  he  or  they,  may  have,  or  pretend  to 
have  of  affixing  the  name  of  William  Shakespeare,  alias  Shakespear, 
to  any  book,  pamphlet,  play,  or  poem,  hereafter  to  be  by  him, 
or  them,  or  any  other  person  for  him,  or  them,  written,  made,  or 
devised.9 

Since  its  appearance  the  play  has  been  attributed  to  several 
authors :  Farmer  gave  it  to  Shirley,  Malone  to  Massinger, 
and  Reed  was  of  the  opinion  that  Theobald  wrote  it.  Gifford, 
however,  objects  to  this  last  ascription  on  the  ground  that 
the  scholar  had  not  sufficient  ability  to  write  it,  and  defends 
the  genuineness  of  the  text  because  of  the  use  of  one  word, 
comparison  for  caparison.10  In  recent  years  there  have  been 
several  attempts  to  establish  its  authorship.  One  critic 
has  attempted  to  identify  it  with  a  play  called  Cardenna  or 
Cardenno,  acted  in  1613  by  the  King's  men,  which  is  per 
haps  the  same  as  The  History  of  Cardenio,  By  Mr.  Fletcher 
and  Shakespeare,  entered  in  the  Stationer's  Register,  1653, 
for  Humphrey  Mosley.11  This  theory  has  been  opposed  by 
Mr.  Schevill,  who  thinks  the  play  was  taken  from  an  eight 
eenth-century  version  of  Cervantes'  story,  with  Theobald 
the  most  likely  author.12  Besides  the  dates  being  directly 

9  Idem,  No.  97,  November  11, 1731. 

10  Lounsbury,    Text  of  Shakespeare,   p.   151.     It  is  interesting  to 
observe  that  one  of  Pope's  emendations,  mentioned  above,  was  the 
change  of  comparisons  to  caparisons. 

11  Gamaliel  Bradford,    The  History  of  Cardenio,   By  Mr.  Fletcher 
and  Shakespeare,  Nation,  vol.  88,  No.  2283,  April  1,  1909;  and  M.  L.  N, 
xxv,  51.     Mr.  Bradford  sees  signs  of  Fletcher  in  the  fact  that  the 
story  was  taken  from  Cervantes,  in  the  development  of  the  plot,  and 
in  the  characterization  of  Violante.     He  also  calls  attention  to  stylistic 
qualities  in  the  latter  part  of  the  play  (from  III,  3,  to  the  end),  which 
resemble  those  of  Fletcher  —  double  endings,  alliteration,  and  repeti 
tion,  especially  of  such  Fletcherian  words  as  "extremely"  and  "now." 
In  the  first  part  he  claims  to  detect  the  presence  of  a  strong  mascu 
line  hand,  but  does  not  go  so  far  as  to  ascribe  it  to  Shakespeare. 

12  Rudolph  Schevill,  Theobald's  Double  Falshood,  Modern  Philology, 
vol.  IX,  p.  269. 


105 

opposed  to  Mr.  Schevill's  theory,  which  makes  necessary 
some  unwarrantable  hypotheses,  the  same  evidence  that 
proves  the  play  based  on  the  novel  can  prove  the  novel 
drawn  from  the  play.13 

Professor  Lounsbury  is  of  the  firm  opinion  that  Theobald 
was  not  the  author,  since  his  claims  concerning  the  manu 
scripts  could  have  been  easily  disproved,  and  would  have 
been,  had  they  been  false.  But  whatever  Theobald's  part 
in  the  work,  I  am  rather  confident  that  he  did  not  himself 
really  believe  Shakespeare  was  the  author.  It  is  entirely 
probable  that  he  obtained  manuscripts  bearing  Shakespeare's 
name,  and  attended  by  a  tradition,  but  a  man  of  Theobald's 
thoroughgoing  scholarly  nature,  who  insisted  that  all  con 
clusions  should  be  supported  by  proof  and  authority,  would 
not  have  rested  content  with  the  feeble  reasons,  justly 
satirized  by  Pope,  which  were  given  in  the  preface.  He 
would  have  continued  in  the  design,  he  said  he  once  had,  of 
proving  Shakespeare's  authorship  by  the  peculiarity  of  the 
language,  a  task  he  was  entirely  competent  for,  and  one 
which  he  would  have  thoroughly  done.  Had  he  believed 
the  work  Shakespeare's,  he  certainly  would  have  made  some 
mention  of  it  in  his  edition,  and  he  would  probably  have 
drawn  on  it  for  illustrative  or  evidential  material  in  his 
notes.  Nowhere  does  he  allude  to  the  play,  and  even  in  his 

13  In  a  recent  contribution  to  Modem  Philology  (XIV,  269)  Mr. 
Walter  Graham  has  conclusively  proved  that  the  play  is  based  upon 
Skelton's  translation  of  Don  Quixote.  Besides  reinforcing  Mr.  Brad 
ford's  contention  of  a  duality  of  authorship  and  bringing  forth  more 
evidence  tending  to  show  that  the  latter  part  of  the  drama  belongs 
to  Fletcher,  Mr.  Graham  has  pointed  out  the  dissimilarity  in  style 
between  Double  Folshood  and  some  of  Theobald's  acknowledged  plays. 
He  omits,  however,  what  should  not  be  omitted  in  any  discussion  of 
Theobald's  connection  with  the  drama,  namely,  the  critic's  adapta 
tions  of  Richard  II,  1721,  and  of  The  Duchess  of  Malfi  (The  Fatal  Secret}, 
1735. 


106  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

correspondence  with  Warburton,  where  many  of  his  per 
sonal  affairs  find  a  place,  he  is  without  exception  silent  on 
the  matter.  As  has  been  stated,  he  probably  felt  that 
Fletcher  was  concerned  in  the  authorship  of  the  play, 
though  we  have  no  evidence  that  he  had  ever  heard  of  The 
History  of  Cardenio.  The  whole  affair  is  the  most  faint 
hearted  undertaking  with  which  Theobald  has  favored  us. 

On  December  5,  1727,  Theobald  was  given  a  royal  li 
cense,  granting  him  the  sole  right  of  printing  and  publishing 
the  play.  Its  first  appearance  on  the  stage  was  in  Decem 
ber,  when  it  enjoyed  a  considerable  success,  running  for 
ten  nights.  In  July,  1728,  Theobald  sold  the  copyright  for 
one  hundred  guineas ; 14  the  play  does  not  seem  to  have 
entered  his  mind  again  save  once. 

In  the  second  edition  of  Double  Falshood,  which  appeared 
early  in  1728,  Theobald  first  gave  notice  of  his  design  of 
correcting  all  the  plays  of  Shakespeare : 

I  am  honored  with  so  many  powerful  Solicitations,  pressing 
me  to  the  prosecution  of  an  attempt,  which  I  have  begun  with 
some  little  success,  of  restoring  Shakespeare  from  the  numerous 
Corruptions  of  his  Text;  that  I  can  neither  in  Gratitude,  nor 
good  Manners,  longer  resist  them.  I  therefore  think  it  not  amiss 
here  to  promise  that,  tho  private  Property  should  so  far  stand  in 
the  way,  as  to  prevent  me  from  putting  out  an  Edition  of  Shake 
speare,  yet,  some  way  or  other,  if  I  live,  the  public  shall  receive 
from  my  hand  his  whole  Works  corrected,  with  my  best  Care  and 
Ability. 

This  notice  was  followed  by  a  letter,  communicated  by  a 
friend  to  Mist's  Journal,  though  evidently  written  for  pub 
lication.15  In  introducing  the  letter  the  friend  said  it  was 
but  a  continuation  of  the  criticisms  which  Theobald  had  be 
gun  to  give  to  the  public.  Only  one  other  criticism  had  ap- 

14  Lounsbury,  The  Text  of  Shakespeare,  p.  147. 

15  March  16,  1728.     Nichols    (Illustrations    of    Literature,    vol.    2, 
p.  199)  says  Concanen  was  the  friend. 


THE   PERIOD   OF    "THE   DUNCIAD"  107 

peared,16  and  it  is  possible  that  Theobald  was  intending  to 
print  his  corrections  of  all  Shakespeare's  plays  in  periodicals. 

This  letter  contained  three  of  Theobald's  emendations 
and  one  explanation.  In  Coriolanus,  Act.  I,  Sc.  4,  he  changes 
Calvus  to  Cato's;  in  Timon,  Act.  II,  Sc.  1,  "And  have  the 
dates  in.  Come"  to  "And  have  the  dates  in  compt"; 
and  in  the  Tempest,  Act  IV,  Sc.  1,  "a  third  of  my  own  life" 
to  "a  thread  of  my  own  life."  In  these  emendations  he 
uses  the  same  method  employed  in  Shakespeare  Restored. 
But  his  explanation  of  the  "Sagitarry"  in  Troilus  and 
Cressida  is  more  significant.  He  shows  that  the  character 
was  taken  from  The  Three  Destructions  of  Troy  printed  by 
Wynken  de  Worde  in  1503.  Previously  he  had  thought 
that  in  the  play  Shakespeare  had  depended  chiefly  upon 
Homer.17  It  is  merely  one  evidence  of  the  extent  to  which 
Theobald  was  reading  the  literature  to  which  Shakespeare 
had  access.  The  period  between  Shakespeare  Restored 
and  his  edition  of  all  the  plays  is  marked  by  a  tremendous 
expansion  in  his  reading  of  literature  which  could  assist  in 
correcting  or  illustrating  the  text.  As  regards  this  particular 
passage,  in  one  of  his  letters  to  Warburton  he  proves  con 
clusively,  by  citing  a  number  of  details,  that  Shakespeare 
depended  upon  this  product  of  Wynken  de  Worde's  press.18 
The  ability  and  learning  shown  in  these  criticisms  were 
sufficient  to  make  the  editor  of  the  journal  to  which  they  were 
contributed  say  that  if  they  were  a  sample  of  the  critic's 
work,  the  world  would  be  pleased  with  Theobald's  promise 
of  the  whole  works  corrected  by  his  hand. 

But  it  was  not  permitted  for  things  to  continue  so  smoothly 
for  Theobald.  Pope,  feeling  very  keenly  the  exposure  of 
the  defects  of  his  edition,  had  been  nursing  his  wrath  and 

16  See  ante,  p.  101. 

17  See  preface  to  his  alteration  of  Richard  II. 

18  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  611. 


108  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

preparing  his  counter  stroke  in  silence.  The  time  had  now 
come  for  his  revenge.  The  first  blow  fell  with  the  publica 
tion  of  the  third  or  so-called  "last"  volume  of  Pope  and 
Swift's  Miscellanies,  March,  1728.  Two  volumes  of  prose 
miscellanies  had  appeared  early  in  the  preceding  summer, 
in  the  preface  to  which  Pope  said  the  verses  were  set  apart 
in  a  volume  by  themselves,  and  perhaps  a  third  volume  of 
prose  would  appear.  This  arrangement  was  broken  into 
by  the  insertion,  in  the  volume  devoted  to  verse,  of  a  prose 
treatise,  "Martinus  Scriblerus  IIEPI  BA90TS;  or  of  the  Art 
of  Sinking  in  Poetry.  Written  in  the  year  MDCCXVII." 
It  is  generally  thought  now  that  the  treatise  was  written 
with  the  set  purpose  of  calling  forth  attacks  upon  Pope,  so 
that  he  would  seem  justified  in  retaliating  with  The  Dunciad; 
the  delay  in  the  publication  of  the. "last"  volume  of  the 
miscellanies  is  attributed  to  the  desire  to  have  The  Dunciad 
ready  for  publication .  That  such  was  the  purpose  of  the  Bathos 
I  have  no  doubt,  but  I  am  inclined  to  attribute  the  delay 
in  the  publication  of  the  "last"  volume  to  the  fact  that  the 
treatise  itself  was  not  ready.  In  a  letter  written  to  Swift 
sometime  in  January,  1728,  Pope  says  that  he  has  entirely 
methodized  the  Bathos  and  written  it  all.  Furthermore, 
it  contains  strictures  on  Double  Falshood  which  was  not 
published  until  1728. 

The  Bathos,  which  was  commonly  known  as  the  Profund, 
describes  the  true  genius  of  the  profund,  and  lays  down 
rules  whereby  a  person  may  sink  in  poetry.  Under  its 
various  chapters  there  appear  as  examples  of  the  profund 
three  passages  from  Double  Falshood.19  The  majority  of 

19  In  Chapter  7,  "Of  the  profund,  when  it  consists  in  the  thought," 
is  placed  a  passage  from  Act  III,  Sc.  1 : 

"Is  there  a  Treachery,  like  This  in  Baseness 
Recorded  anywhere?     It  is  the  deepest: 
None  but  Itself  can  be  its  Parallel." 


109 

the  selections  are  drawn  from  the  poems  of  Sir  Richard 
Blackmore  and  Ambrose  Philips,  though  Rowe,  Waller, 
Addison,  and  others  are  represented.  Some  selections  are 
even  taken  from  Pope's  own  works.  All  this  might  be 
considered  genuine  literary  criticism,  but  no  such  defense 
can  be  brought  forward  for  Chapter  6,  "Of  the  several  kinds 
of  Genius's  in  the  profund,  and  the  marks  and  characters 
of  each."  Here  Pope  lists  the  different  kinds  of  writers 
under  various  animals,  adding  the  initials  of  living  authors. 
Theobald  appears  under  the  eels  and  the  swallows.20  The 
only  other  authors  to  receive  the  honor  of  a  double  entry- 
were  Charles  Gildon,  William  Pulteney,  Leonard  Welsted, 
and  William  Broome,  but  the  initials  of  nearly  twenty 
men  were  given  once.  This  example  of  literary  mud- 
slinging  could  have  had  but  one  purpose  —  to  provoke  the 
infuriated  victims  to  retaliation. 

But  this  was  not  the  only  attack  on  Theobald  made  in 
the  volume.  There  appeared  in  the  verse  a  poem  entitled 

Under  the  caption  "Hyperbole  or  the  Impossible"  in  Chapter  2,  the 
selection  is  made  from  Act  I,  Sc.  3: 

"The  Obscureness  of  her  Birth 
Cannot  eclipse  the  Luster  of  her  Eyes, 
Which  make  her  all  One  Light." 

In  Chapter  12  a  line  from  the  same  act  and  scene  is  chosen  as  an  ex 
ample  of  "The  Financial  Style,  which  consists  of  the  most  curious 
affected,  mincing  metaphors,  and  partakes  of  the  alamode": 

"Wax,  render  up  thy  Trust:  Be  the  Contents 
Prosp'rous,  or  fatal,  they  are  all  my  Due." 

20  "The  Swallows  are  authors  that  are  eternally  skimming  and  flut 
tering  up  and  down,  but  all  their  agility  is  employed  to  catch  flies. 
L.  T.,  W.  P.,  Lord  H."  This  same  figure  is  used  in  Dryden's  "An 
Essay  of  Dramatic  Poesy." 

"The  Eels  are  obscure  authors,  that  wrapt  themselves  up  in  their 
own  mud,  but  are  mighty  nimble  and  pert.  L.  W.,  L.  T.,  P.  M., 
General  C." 


110  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

"A  Fragment  of  a  Satire,"  part  of  which  had  been  published 
as  early  as  1723  in  a  miscellany  of  Curll's  called  Cythereia, 
and  is  the  first  appearance  of  Pope's  attack  on  Addison. 
To  this  satire,  however,  the  author  had  now  added  satires 
on  other  men.  After  thrusts  at  Gildon  and  Dennis,  Pope 
turns  to  Theobald : 

Should  some  more  sober  critics  come  abroad, 

If  wrong  I  smile;  if  right,  I  kiss  the  rod. 

Pains,  Reading,  Study,  are  their  just  pretence 

And  all  they  want  is  Spirit,  Taste,  and  Sense. 

Commas  and  Points  they  set  exactly  right; 

And  'twere  a  sin  to  rob  them  of  their  Mite. 

In  future  Ages  how  their  Fame  will  spread, 

For  routing  Triplets  and  restoring  ed. 

Yet  ne'er  one  Sprig  of  Laurel  graced  these  Ribbalds, 

From  sanguine  Sew down  to  piddling  T s. 

Who  thinks  he  reads  but  only  scans  and  spells, 

A  Word-catcher  that  lives  on  syllables. 

Yet  even  this  Creature  may  some  Notice  claim, 

Wrapt  round  and  sanctified  with  Shakespeare's  name; 

Pretty  in  Amber  to  observe  the  forms 

Of  Hairs,  or  Straws,  or  Dirt,  or  Grubs,  or  Worms; 

The  Thing,  we  know,  is  neither  rich  nor  rare, 

But  wonder  how  the  Devil  it  got  there.21 

The  attack  on  Theobald  follows  the  lines  of  the  attack 
on  the  sciences  and  learning :  the  triviality  and  inconse- 

81  As  Sewell  had  been  dead  some  two  years,  the  only  apparent  reason 
for  this  attack  on  his  memory  is  the  fact  that  he  was  associated  with 
Theobald  in  the  preparation  of  Shakespeare  Restored,  and  was  spoken 
highly  of  in  one  or  two  passages  in  the  work. 

Later,  when  the  poem  was  incorporated  in  An  Epistle  to  Doctor 
Arbuthnot,  lines  seven  and  eight  were  omitted,  "slashing  Bentley" 

was  substituted  for  "sanguine  Sew ,"  and  in  the  last  line  but  one 

"Thing"  was  changed  to  "Things"  and  the  necessary  grammatical 
changes  made.  In  fine,  the  changes  are  introduced  to  make  the 
passage  throughout  applicable  to  Bentley  as  well  as  Theobald. 


THE   PERIOD   OF   "THE   DUNCIAD "  111 

quence  of  the  work  and  the  lack  of  the  finer  possessions  of 
taste  and  good  sense.  "Pains,  Readings,  Study,"  which 
Pope  grants  Theobald,  can  hardly  be  held  against  any  one 
now,  but  at  that  time  scholarly  methods  were  not  held  in 
high  repute  among  the  wits.  This  is  the  first  appearance 
of  Pope's  spelling  of  Theobald's  name,  which  later  became 
so  general  as  to  render  it  probable  that  some  knew  of  no 
other.  Even  to-day  some  curious  mistakes  arise.  The 
sneer  embodied  in  "A  Word-catcher,  that  lives  on 
Syllables"  Theobald  seems  to  have  resented  more  than 
any  other  leveled  at  him. 

This  "last"  volume  of  miscellanies  succeeded  in  drawing 
forth  some  attacks  contained  in  verses,  letters,  and  the  like 
in  the  current  newspapers.  There  were  a  score  of  these, 
four  of  which  Professor  Lounsbury  attributes  to  Pope.22 
After  the  publication  of  The  Dunciad  they  were  collected  and 
published  with  a  preface  ascribed  by  Pope  to  Concanen.23 
According  to  Pope,  the  contributors  were  Concanen,  Roome, 
Theobald,  Dennis,  Oldmixon,  James  Moore-Smythe,  and 
Cooke.  The  first  two  were  not  mentioned  in  the  Bathos. 
Five  notices  Pope  attributed  to  James  Moore-Smythe. 
From  the  large  majority  of  the  authors  satirized  in  the 
Profund  there  was  no  response. 

The  only  reply  that  can  be  definitely  ascribed  to  Theobald 
was  contained  in  Mist's  Journal,  April  27.  In  this  letter 
Theobald  refrained  from  all  abuse,  claiming  that  he  had 

22  Text  of  Shakespeare,  p.  207. 

23  A  Compleat  Collection  of  All  the  Verses,  Essays,  Letters,  and  Ad 
vertisements,  which  have  been  occasioned  by  the    Publication   of  Three 
Volumes  of  Miscellanies,  by  Pope  and  Company.     To  Which  is  added 
an  exact  List  of  the  Lords,   Ladies,   Gentlemen   and  others,   who  have 
been  abused  in  those  Volumes.     With  a  large  Dedication  to  the  Author 
of  the  Dunciad,  containing  some  Animadversions  upon  that  Extraordi 
nary  Performance.     London;    Printed  for  A.  Moore,  near  St.  Paul's 
MDCCXXVIII. 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 

always  treated  Pope  with  deference  and  respect,  yet  because 
he  had  set  Shakespeare  right,  he  was  subjected  to  personal 
attacks,  which  he  did  not  intend  to  answer.  He  then  pro 
ceeded  to  justify,  in  a  most  thorough  and  convincing  manner, 
the  three  passages  from  Double  Falshood  by  quoting  re 
markably  analogous  passages  from  Seneca,  Plautus,  Terence, 
and  Ovid.  Nor  did  he  confine  himself  to  the  classics,  but 
made  Romeo  and  Juliet,  A  Winter's  Tale,  and  Hamlet  furnish 
precedents  for  his  lines.  One  verse  which  struck  Pope  as 
being  extremely  ridiculous,  and  which,  slightly  changed, 
found  a  place  in  The  Dunciad,2* 

None  but  thyself  can  be  thy  Parallel. 

he  showed  to  be  absolutely  paralleled  by  a  line  from  the 
Hercules  Furens  of  Seneca : 

.  .  .  quaeris  Alcidem  parem? 
Nemo  est  nisi  ipse. 

Theobald  did  not  content  himself,  however,  with  defending 
the  passage  attacked.  Knowing  full  well  that  his  strong 
forte  was  Shakespearean  criticism,  he  brought  forward  as 
proof  of  his  ability,  somewhat  irrelevantly  perhaps,  another 
emendation  which  has  stood  the  test  of  time.25  He  also  gave 

24  Bk.  Ill,  v.  272.     In  a  note  on  this  line  Pope  answers  Theobald's 
proof  by  saying  that  whether  Double  Falshood  is  Theobald's  or  not, 
he  has  shown  that  Shakespeare  has  written  as  bad,  and  that  no  one 
doubts  that  in  such  passages  the  critic  can  imitate  the  dramatist. 

All  references  to  the  Duntiad  are  to  Lawton  Gilliver's  Second  Edi 
tion,  1729. 

25  Merchant  of  Venice,  Act  III,  Sc.  2. 

"You  lov'd:  I  lov'd  for  intermission. 
No  more  pertains  to  me,  my  lord,  than  you." 

Theobald  changed  the  lines  to, 

"You  lov'd;  I  lov'd:   (for  intermission, 
No  more  pertains  to  me,  my  lord,  than  you)." 


113 

notice  that  he  intended  to  publish  his  remarks  on  Shakespeare, 
adding  that  whatever  merit  his  work  on  the  dramatist 
might  have,  it  would  awaken  Pope  to  a  greater  accuracy 
in  his  forthcoming  second  edition  of  Shakespeare. 

And  as  my  remarks  upon  the  whole  works  of  Shakespeare  shall 
closely  attend  upon  the  publication  of  his  edition,  I'll  venture  to 
promise  without  arrogance  that  I'll  give  about  five  hundred  more 
fair  emendations  that  shall  escape  him  and  all  his  assistants. 

One  production  that  Pope  chose  to  ascribe  to  Theobald 
appeared  in  Mist's  Journal,  March  30,  1728,26  the  title 
being  An  Essay  on  the  Art  of  a  Poet's  Sinking  in  Reputation; 
being  a  Supplement  to  the  Art  of  Sinking  in  Poetry.  This 
essay  in  laying  down  rules  whereby  a  poet  may  sink  in 
reputation  makes  use  of  many  phrases  used  by  Pope,  but 
so  twisted  as  to  reflect  on  him.  It  sums  up  in  brief  and 
caustic  manner  some  of  the  current  accusations  against  the 
poet.  To  sink  in  reputation  let  him  undertake  the  trans 
lation  of  the  Odyssey  in  his  own  name  and  get  a  great  part 
done  by  assistants.  As  regards  Shakespeare,  let  him  publish 
such  authors  as  he  has  least  studied,  and  then  lend  his  name 
to  promote  an  exorbitant  subscription.  The  Miscellanies 
are  but  second-hand  stuff,  and  in  the  Bathos  he  wrests  con 
structions  for  the  sake  of  a  sneer.  Pope  was  evidently 
sincere  in  giving  the  authorship  to  his  rival.  Later  he 
speaks  of  having  been  much  injured  by  one  lie  contained 
in  this  article.27  Indeed,  he  had  plausible  reasons  for  think 
ing  the  work  Theobald's.  The  author  corrected  a  mis 
translation  in  the  first  book  of  the  Odyssey,  a  book  translated 
by  Theobald.  His  opinion  of  Pope's  edition  of  Shakespeare 

26  In  the  "Testimonies  of  Authors,"  prefixed  to  The  Dunciad,  p.  25, 
Pope  accepts  it  as  Theobald's,  but  on  the  next  page  he  speaks  of  the 
author  as  "one  whom  I  take  to  be  Mr.  Theobald."     In  the  Appendix, 
p.  187,  he  speaks  of  the  essay  as  supposed  to  be  by  Mr.  Theobald. 

27  Lounsbury,  Text  of  Shakespeare,  p.  223. 


114  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

tallies  closely  with  that  expressed  by  the  critic,  the  preface 
especially  being  ridiculed.  He  strongly  resents  the  passage 
in  "A  Fragment  of  a  Satire"  referring  to  Theobald;  two 
phrases,  "how  the  devil  it  got  there"  and  " wrapt  round  and 
sanctified  with"  are  turned  against  Pope.  In  giving  the 
names  Pope  bestowed  on  authors  he  mentions  Word-catchers 
Routers  of  Triplets,  Restorers  of  ed,  Things,  Creatures, 
Wretches,  Ribalds,  and  Scoundrel.28  All  these  were  applied 
to  Theobald  in  the  "  Fragment."  Either  the  latter  wrote 
the  essay,  or  else  some  one  was  taking  up  cudgels  for  him 
with  a  vengeance.29 

Pope  was  evidently  satisfied  with  the  rather  poor  results 
of  the  provocative  treatise  on  the  Bathos,  for  on  May  18, 
1728,  appeared  The  Duntiad.™  Uncertain  about  the  success 
of  the  work,  Pope  so  worded  the  title-page  as  to  make  it 
appear  that  the  poem  was  the  product  of  Ireland.  Nor 
was  he  unsuccessful  in  this  purpose,  though  his  caution  was 
unnecessary.31  In  "The  Publisher  to  the  Reader,"  really 

28  These  appellations,   especially  Word-catcher,  rankled  in  Theo 
bald's  breast.     In  a  letter  to  Warburton,  March  10,  1730  (Nichols, 
Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  551),  he  gives  a  specimen  of  a  pro 
jected  essay  on  Pope's  judgment,  wherein  he  corrects  some  of  Pope's 
mistakes  in  the  first  book  of  the  Odyssey,  and  constantly  throws  up 
to  the  poet  the  epithet  "Word-catcher." 

29  "The  Reason  Mr.  Pope  struck  so  home  at  Mr.  Tibbald  was 
because  there  was  more  than  a  Supposition  <3f  his  writing  an  Essay 
on  the  Art  of  Sinking  in  Reputation ;  or  a  Supplement  to  the  Art  of  Sink 
ing  in  Poetry"     Memoirs  of  the  Life  and  Writings  of  Alexander  Pope, 
Esq.;  By  William  Ayre,  Esq.;  London,   MDCCXLV.      This  last  is 
ascribed  to  Curl  in  Remarks  on  Esquire  Ayer's  Memoirs  of  the  Life  and 
Writings  of  Mr.  Pope  in  a  Letter  to  Mr.  Edmund  Curl.     London,  1745. 

30  The  Duntiad  An  Heroic  Poem  in  Three  Books.     Dublin  Printed; 
London  Reprinted  for  A.  Dodd.     1728. 

31  See  Lounsbury,   Text  of  Shakespeare,  p.  230.     Also  see  Sawney 
(by  Ralph),  1728,  where  Swift  is  joined  with  Pope  as  author  of  the 
Dundad;    and  the  preface  to  Edward  Ward's  Durgen,  where  Ward 
conjectures  the  author  is  of  Hibernian  extraction. 


THE   PERIOD   OF   "THE   DUNCIAD"  115 

written  by  Pope,  we  are  told  that  when  a  man  of  the  highest 
distinction  is  injured,  there  is  no  one  to  rise  up  in  his  de 
fense,  but  the  case  is  reversed  when  a  known  scoundrel  is 
touched  upon.  For  the  last  two  months  the  town  has  been 
full  of  pamphlets,  advertisements,  letters,  weekly  essays, 
and  the  like  against  the  wit,  writing,  character,  and  person 
of  Mr.  Pope.  Yet  none  of  his  one  hundred  thousand  ad 
mirers  has  come  to  his  defense,  except  the  author  of  this 
poem.  He  says  it  is  of  no  concern  how  he  became  possessed 
of  the  manuscript,  and  that  he  shall  have  gained  his  end  if 
it  provoke  the  author,  whom  he  does  not  know,  to  give  a 
more  perfect  edition  of  the  poem.  The  authors  satirized, 
he  claims,  were  made  for  the  poem,  and  much  unjust  scandal 
is  saved  by  calling  the  hero  Theobald,  which  by  good  luck 
happens  to  be  the  name  of  a  real  person. 

The  poem  as  it  appeared  in  this  edition  was  nearly  one 
hundred  lines  shorter  than  in  the  last  edition  of  1729.  The 
dedication  to  Swift  was  entirely  left  out.  There  were  very 
few  notes,  mostly  of  an  explanatory  character.  Theobald's 
name  was  consistently  spelled  "Tibbald,"  but  only  the 
initial,  and  sometimes  the  last  letter,  was  given  of  the  names 
of  the  other  men  assailed.  Jacob  and  Eliza  appeared  in 
full,  as  did  also  Brown  and  Hears,  whose  only  fault  was 
publishing  Theobald's  works.32  This  version  was  incom 
plete  and  was  put  forth  only  as  a  feeler ;  Pope  saved  much 
of  his  material  for  the  next  year,  when  The  Dunciad  appeared 
with  all  its  appendages. 

From  the  various  replies  called  forth  by  the  poem  two 
deductions  are  obvious :  first,  that  Theobald  was  made 

32  Pope's  note  on  this  line,  Bk.  Ill,  v.  20,  in  the  editions  of  1729, 

reads,  "Booksellers,  Printers  for  Tibbald,  Mrs.  Hay  wood,  or  any  body. 

.  .  .  The  Allegory  of  the  souls  of  the  Dull  coming  forth  in  the  form 

of  Books,  and  being  let  abroad  in  vast  numbers  by  Booksellers,  is 

sufficiently  intelligible." 


116 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


the  hero  of  the  satire  because  of  his  work  on  Shakespeare ; 
and  second,  that  his  was  the  clearest  case  against  Pope  in 
that  his  criticisms  were  universally  recognized  as  far 
superior  to  his  adversary's  edition.  It  is  remarkable  how 
the  outraged  dunces  rushed  to  their  king's  assistance. 
Anxious  for  a  weapon  to  use  against  Pope,  the  most  for 
midable  one  they  could  find  was  Theobald's  reputation  as 
a  Shakespearean  critic.  A  few  were  Theobald's  friends  and 
these  were  anxious  to  protect  him;  others  admired  his 
ability  as  a  scholar;  but  there  were  still  others  who  only 
saw  in  him  and  his  work  the  surest  answer  to  Pope. 

Theobald  had  abused  Dennis  most  persistently  in  The 
Censor,  but  since  then  had  probably  made  friends  with  him, 
for  he  praises  the  ponderous  critic  in  Shakespeare  Restored.™ 
In  the  preface  to  Remarks  on  Mr.  Pope's  Rape  of  the  Lock, 
1728,  a  work  Dennis  said  he  prepared  in  the  latter  days  of 
Queen  Anne's  reign,  but  had  held  back  to  terrify  Pope,  the 
author  speaks  of  " several  ingenuous  men"  abused  in  The 
Dunciad, 

among  whom  I  am  obliged,  in  Justice,  to  name  Mr.  Theobald, 
who  by  delivering  Shakespeare  from  the  Injuries  of  Time,  and 
of  lazy,  or  ignorant  and  stupid  Editors,  has  obliged  all  who  are 
concern'd  for  the  Reputation  of  so  great  a  Genius,  or  for  the  Honour 
of  Great  Britain. 

He  claims  that  Pope  libeled  Theobald  for  no  other  reason 
than  that  he  had  been  surpassed  by  him,  and  denounces 
the  attack  on  Theobald's  poverty  and  that  of  others  "who 
have  deserv'd  a  thousand  times  better  both  of  the  country 
and  the  Commonwealth  of  Learning."  The  following  year 
Dennis  again  stands  up  for  the  "hero"  in  his  Remarks  upon 
Several  Passages  in  the  Preliminaries  to  the  Dunciad,  which 

83  Shakespeare  Restored,  p.  20.  Here  Theobald  says  that  in  his 
opinion  "no  Man  in  England  better  understands  Shakespeare"  than 
Dennis. 


117 

is  addressed  to  Theobald,  deposed  from  his  throne  because 
he  "is  incapacitated  to  hold  an  empire  of  that  unbounded 
Extent,  by  some  unfortunate  Qualities,  as  Learning,  Judg 
ment,  Sagacity,  and  that  Modesty  which  always  attends 
Merit."  Dennis  also  speaks  of  seeing  a  specimen  of  his 
translation  of  Aeschylus  which  "would  make  Pope  blush 
for  his  Homer." 

It  is  not  strange  to  find  Concanen  upholding  Theobald 
against  Pope.  He  was  the  first  to  recognize  the  critic's 
ability  and  the  importance  of  his  work.  After  becoming 
acquainted  with  him,  he  introduced  him  to  his  circle  of 
acquaintances  and  remained  to  the  last  his  truest  friend. 
It  was  as  a  friend  that  he  took  the  scholar's  part  in  the 
dedication  to  the  author  of  The  Dunciad  of  a  miscellany 
that  appeared  soon  after  the  satire,34  where  he  said  that  when 
Theobald  began  the  dispute  he  laid  down  a  method  Pope 
would  have  done  well  to  follow :  not  the  least  indecent  re 
flection  was  cast  upon  the  poet  in  the  whole  work.  The  only 
crime  Theobald  committed  was  in  presuming  Pope  was  not 
infallible  like  his  namesake  of  Rome,  and  could  be  mistaken. 
He  warned  the  poet  that  his  satire  would  cause  his  thousands 
of  admirers  to  inquire  as  to  what  provocations  Theobald 
had  been  guilty  of  to  deserve  such  usage,  in  answer  to  which 

the  Truth  may  and  has  come  out,  that  Mr.  Theobald  has  taken 
more  Pains  to  understand  Shakespeare  than  Mr.  Pope  cared  to 
do:  But  sure  Mr.  Pope  must  have  more  Wit  in  his  Anger,  than 
to  do  anything  which  might  revive  a  Controversy  he  made  so  bad 
a  figure  in. 

Two  poetic  attacks  on  Pope  that  appeared  the  same  year 
as  The  Dunciad  were  Sawney,  An  Heroic  Poem.  Occasioned 
by  the  Dunciad  and  Durgen,  or  a  Plain  Satyr  upon  a  Pompous 
Satyrist.  James  Ralph,  the  author  of  the  first,  was  not 

84  See  ante,  note  22. 


118 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


mentioned  in  The  Dunciad  of  1728,  but  was  introduced  into 
the  editions  of  1729  because  of  this  poem.  Ralph  holds 
that  on  the  publication  of  Shakespeare  Restored  Pope,  Swift, 
and  Gay,  with  the  aid  of  Envy,  wrote  The  Dunciad.  Speak 
ing  of  these  three,  he  says  in  his  preface, 

I  confess  myself  heartily  tir'd  in  following  them  so  far  already, 
and  am  in  such  a  degree  affected  with  my  Subject,  that  I  can  scarce 
forbear  sinking  like  them,  into  the  lowest  Recesses  of  Dulness; 
but  Shakespeare  Restored  very  luckily  relieves  me,  and,  in  grati 
tude,  I  think  myself  oblig'd,  at  once  to  thank  Mr.  The d  for 

that  excellent  Critique,  and  condole  with  him  for  its  being  the 
innocent  Occasion  of  such  an  execrable  Lampoon  as  the  Dunciad. 

The  poem  itself  is  full  of  praise  for  Theobald's  critical  work. 
Edward  Ward  in  Durgen  is  more  serious.  He  attacks 
personal  satire,  implores  Pope  to  cease  prostituting  his 
muse  to  such  vile  lampoons,  and  though  attacking  Pope 
bitterly,  praises  him  at  times.  In  his  preface  he  calls  Theo 
bald  a  man  of  learning,  probity,  and  distinguishing  merits, 
while  in  the  poem  he  styles  Shakespeare  Restored  a  meritorious 
work  that  must  meet  with  the  approbation  of  all  good 
judges. 

There  were  other  defenses  of  Theobald  this  same  year. 
One  who  signed  himself  W.  A.  contributed  a  letter  to  Mist's 
Journal  of  June  8,  in  which  he  severely  censures  Pope  for 
his  reflection  on  Theobald's  poverty  and  for  making  him  the 
hero  of  The  Dunciad  because  his  revision  of  Shakespeare  was 
so  much  better  than  Pope's ;  in  fact,  no  flaw  could  be  found 
in  it.35  Thomas  Cooke,  a  translator  whom  Theobald  as- 

35  In  a  note  on  The  Dunciad,  Bk.  I,  v.  106,  Pope  definitely  ascribed 
this  letter  to  Theobald,  but  in  the  Appendix,  p.  190,  he  says  it  was 

written  "by  some  or  other  of  the  Club  of  Th ,  D s,  M re, 

C n,  C ke,  who  for  some  time,  held  constantly  Weekly  meetings 

for  these  kind  of  performances."  Relying  implicitly  on  Pope's  word 
later  scholars  have  often  attributed  this  letter  to  Theobald  and  made 
it  the  cause  of  The  Dunciad! 


THE   PERIOD   OF   "THE   DUNCIAD"  119 

sisted  this  same  year,  after  speaking  of  the  latter  as  Shake 
speare's  friend,  says  the  critic's  part  is  not  to  abuse  but  to 
convince.36  A  few  years  later,  Giles  Jacob  in  his  The  Mir- 
rour:  or,  Letters  Satyrical,  Panegyrical  Serious,  and  Humor- 
ous,  1733,  addressed  one  of  the  letters,  on  the  encourage 
ment  given  to  learned  and  ingenious  men,  to  Theobald. 

The  general  attitude  of  that  part  of  the  literary  world 
who  had  escaped  the  satire  and  were  competent  to  judge 
Theobald's  work  was  that  while  Pope  was  supreme  in  poetry, 
the  other  was  just  as  surely  the  better  critic.  William 
Buncombe,  known,  if  at  all,  for  his  adaptation  of  Voltaire's 
tragedy  Junius  Brutus,  and  entirely  removed  from  the 
quarrel,  expresses  this  feeling  in  an  epigram  entitled  The 
Judgment  of  Apollo,  on  the  Controversy  between  Mr.  Pope 
and  Mr.  Theobald,  1729 : 

"In  Pope's  melodious  Verse  the  Graces  smile; 
In  Theobald  is  display'd  sagacious  Toil; 
The  Critick's  Ivy  crowns  his  subtle  brow, 
While  in  Pope's  Numbers,  Wit  and  Music  flow. 

These  Bards,  to  Fortune  will'd,  were  mortal  Foes, 
And  all  Parnassus  in  their  Quarrel  rose: 
This  the  dire  Cause  of  their  contending  Rage, 
Who  best  could  blanch  dark  Shakespear's  blotted  Page. 
Apollo  heard  —  and  judg'd  each  Party's  Plea, 
And  thus  pronounced  th'  irrevocable  Decree; 
Theobald,  'tis  thine  to  share  what  Shakespeare  writ, 
But  Pope  shall  reign  supreme  in  Poesy  and  Wit."37 

It  is  well  to  note  that  an  unconcerned  observer  attributed 
the  quarrel  to  Shakespeare  Restored. 

36  The  Battle  of  the  Poets,  revised  edition,  1728,  p.  32. 

37  This  was  printed  in  A  New  Miscellany,  London,  printed  for  A. 
Moore,  1730.  It  is  now  to  be  found  in  John  Nichols,  A  Select  Collection 
of  Poems,  vol.  6,  p.  7.     See  also  Reliquiae  Hearnianae,  ed.  P.  Bliss, 
1869,  vol.  3,  p.  167. 


120 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


Theobald  did  not  reply  to  the  attack  on  him,  but  in  a 
letter  to  Mist's  Journal,  June  22,  took  occasion  to  com 
ment  on  The  Dundad.  In  a  poetical  war  of  this  kind  he 
held  that  attacks  should  only  be  made  on  the  faults  in 
poetry,  and  that  none  should  be  satirized  except  those  who 
failed  as  poets.  When  a  writer  drew  private  character  into 
the  quarrel  and  satirized  men  whose  activities  lay  outside 
the  field  of  literature,  he  became  a  common  enemy  to  man 
kind  and  should  consider  himself  lucky  if  he  was  not  hunted 
down  as  a  beast  of  prey.  Here  Theobald  is  defending  the 
other  " dunces"  rather  than  himself,  but  he  does  defend 
himself  against  one  unjust  attack.  In  one  passage  of  the 
satire  Pope,  knowing  that  Theobald  had  contributed  a  few 
letters  to  Mist's  Journal,  a  Tory  newspaper,  represents 
him  as  leaving  literary  pursuits  and  taking  up  party 
writing  on  the  side  of  the  Tories.38  This  representation 
Theobald  characterized,  indirectly,  as  a  malevolent  lie  of 
an  angry  wit,  which  if  imputed  to  inspiration  made  him 
content  with  a  little  sober  sense,  although  bright  genius 
deemed  it  dullness.  He  claimed,  and  justly,  that  his  com 
munications  to  this  journal  were  not  concerned  with  politics 

««  Bk.  I,  11.,  189-196  (lines  179-186  in  editions  of  1728), 
"But  when  can  I  my  Flaccus  cast  aside, 
Take  up  th'  Attorney's  (once  my  better)  Guide? 
Or  rob  the  Roman  geese  of  all  their  glories, 
And  save  the  state  by  cackling  to  the  Tories? 
Yes,  to  my  country  I  my  pen  consign, 
Yes,  from  this  moment,  mighty  Mist!  am  thine." 
In  a  note  on  this  passage,  in  the   editions  of  1729,   Pope  farther 
strengthens  his  accusations  by  stating  that  Theobald  had  a  part  in 
Mist's  famous  Tory  paper. 

Professor  Lounsbury,  in  The  Text  of  Shakespeare,  p.  312,  thinks 
the  reference  to  Flaccus  may  be  an  allusion  to  Theobald's  intended 
translation  of  the  poet.  I  think  Horace  is  used  merely  as  a  symbol 
of  interest  in  literature,  he  being  the  model  and  inspiration  of  this 
period. 


121 

but  only  with  learning  or  entertainment;  that  he  had  no 
inclination  to  meddle  in  politics,  since  his  pursuits  were  of 
an  entirely  different  nature;  and  that  such  an  accusation 
would  hinder  his  obtaining  subscriptions  among  the  nobility, 
since  he  could  boast  but  a  slender  reputation  in  literature. 
He  turned  the  charge  of  cackling  to  the  Tories  against 
Pope,  who,  he  said,  was  shrewdly  abused  or  else  made  a 
practice  of  cackling  to  more  than  one  party. 

With  the  above  letter  Theobold  sent  his  proposals  for 
publishing  critical  and  explanatory  remarks  upon  Shake 
speare  in  three  octavo  volumes  at  the  price  of  one  guinea.39 
He  claimed  that  all  the  corruptions  of  former  editions  would 
be  removed,  over  a  thousand  emendations  introduced,  the 
pointing  of  some  passages  rectified  so  as  to  make  the  meaning 
intelligible,  and  all  obsolete  words  and  difficult  places  ex 
plained.  Furthermore,  the  work  was  then  ready  for  the 
press  and  would  be  issued  to  subscribers  on  the  first  day  of 
December.  He  declared  that  he  would  not  reply  to  Pope's 
scurrilities,  but  would  treat  him  with  deference.  Theobald 
must  have  met  with  some  success  with  his  subscriptions,  for 
in  a  letter  to  Sir  Hans  Sloane  at  the  beginning  of  the  follow 
ing  August  he  says  that  in  Sloane's  profession  he  has  been 
favored  by  Dr.  Friend,  Dr.  Mead,  and  Dr.  Pellet.40 

His  plans  for  the  publication  of  the  remarks  were  broken 
into  by  the  appearance  of  Pope's  second  edition  of  Shake 
speare  in  November  of  this  year.  Theobald's  emendations 
had  met  with  such  a  wide  acceptation  that  Pope  felt  com 
pelled  to  introduce  some  of  them  into  the  text.  This  he 
did  with  poor  grace,  failing  to  acknowledge  some  and  caviling 
at  others.41  At  the  end  of  the  eighth  volume  he  made  a 

39  I  am  dependent  upon  Professor  Lounsbury,  Text  of  Shakespeare, 
p.  311,  for  the  content  of  these  proposals. 

40  See  Appendix,  p.  259. 

41  One  investigator,  ignorant  of  Shakespeare  Restored,  comes  to  the 
conclusion  that  Theobald  based  his  edition  on  Pope's  second  edition. 


122  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

general  acknowledgment  of  the  aid  he  had  received  from 
Theobald,  estimating  it  at  twenty-five  words  introduced 
into  the  text,  and  added  several  pages  of  his  opponent's 
corrections,  on  the  ground  that  if  thought  trivial  or  wrong, 
they  could  at  worst  spoil  only  half  a  sheet  that  happened 
to  be  vacant.  He  also  brought  the  charge  against  Theobald 
that  although  he  publicly  advertised  for  the  assistance  of 
all  lovers  of  Shakespeare,  while  his  edition  was  preparing 
for  the  press,  yet  this  critic  would  not  communicate 
his  notes.  He  ended  with  a  slur  at  Theobald's  ability  to 
correct  errors  of  the  press. 

The  latter  was  not  slow  to  reply  to  this  misrepresentation. 
In  a  letter  to  the  Daily  Journal,  November  26,  1728,  he 
called  to  mind  the  assurance  he  gave  in  Mist's  Journal 
that  he  would  be  able  to  give  over  five  hundred  emenda 
tions  that  Pope  and  all  his  assistants  would  miss.42  At  the 
time  his  friends  thought  this  promise  rash,  yet  Pope  had  been 
so  generous,  he  could  more  than  fulfill  it.  He  claimed  that 
instead  of  Pope's  accepting  twenty-five  of  his  readings,  he 
had  really  adopted  about  one  hundred.43  After  stating  that 
he  had  declared  over  and  over  again  that  no  provocation 
would  lead  him  to  lose  his  temper  and  force  him  to  reply 
with  scurrility,  he  proceeded  to  name,  negatively,  five 
qualities  of  an  editor  of  Shakespeare :  industry  in  collating, 
knowledge  of  history,  knowledge  of  modern  tongues,  judg 
ment  in  digesting  text,  and  judgment  in  restoring  it.  Pope's 
deficiency  in  all  these  made  him  absolutely  unequal  to  the 
task  of  editing.  Theobald  was  not  content  with  stating 

The  evidence  cited  are  those  readings  that  did  not  appear  in  Pope's 
first  edition,  but  which  appeared  in  his  second  and  also  in  Theobald's. 
Unfortunately  these  are  those  taken  by  Pope  from  Shakespeare  Restored. 
See  Mod.  Phil.  IV,  501. 

42  I  am  dependent  upon  Professor  Lounsbury,  Text  of  Shakespeare, 
pp.  316-321,  for  the  contents  of  this  letter. 

43  Professor  Lounsbury  shows  the  true  number  to  be  fifty-one. 


THE   PERIOD   OF   "THE  DUNCIAD"  123 

this  deficiency ;  he  proved  it  by  citing  examples  where  Pope 
had  failed  in  each  of  the  stated  qualities.  As  regards  Pope's 
complaint  of  his  not  communicating  his  notes,  he  said  he 
considered  it  rash  to  bestow  the  labor  of  twelve  years'  study 
upon  a  bookseller  to  whom  he  owed  no  obligations,  or  an 
editor  who  was  likely  to  prove  thankless.  He  then  added 
a  bold  assertion : 

I'll  venture  to  tell  Mr.  Pope  that  I  have  made  about  two  thousand 
emendations  on  Beaumont  and  Fletcher;  and  if  he  should  take  it 
in  his  head  to  promise  us  a  correct  edition  of  these  poets,  and  re 
quire  all  assistances  by  his  royal  proclamation,  I  verily  believe  I 
shall  be  such  a  rebel  as  to  take  no  notice  of  his  mandate. 

In  this  letter  he  pointed  out  the  Historica  Danica  of 
Saxo  Grammaticus  as  the  source  of  Hamlet,  and  stated  that 
he  had  just  lately  had  access  to  the  first  folio.  By  it  he  had 
collated  the  shortest  play  of  Shakespeare,  and  found  over 
forty  material  variant  readings  which  Pope  had  not  noticed. 
As  regards  his  own  remarks  on  Shakespeare,  he  claimed  that 
the  necessity  of  reading  the  eight  volumes  of  this  edition 
made  him  postpone  publication  until  the  following  January. 
To  assure  his  subscribers  he  offered  his  manuscript  for  in 
spection  at  his  house  by  any  one  desiring  to  see  it. 

The  emendations  contributed  at  various  times  to  periodi 
cals,  as  well  as  his  repeated  assertions  regarding  the  progress 
of  his  Remarks,  show  that  Theobald  had  spent  the  two  years 
since  Shakespeare  Restored  in  close  study  of  the  dramatist. 
Yet  in  1728  he  found  tune  for  two  other  undertakings.  One 
was  an  edition  of  Wycherly's  posthumous  works ;  **  the 
other  was  in  the  form  of  notes  contributed  to  Cooke's  trans- 

44  Posthumous  Works  in  Prose  and  Verse,  By  William  Wycherly,  1728. 
The  reputation  as  an  editor  Theobald  gained  from  Shakespeare  Re 
stored  was  responsible  for  Captain  Shrimpton  placing  Wycherly's 
papers  in  his  hands.  For  Pope's  false  and  malicious  characterization 
of  this  performance  see  Elwin  and  Courthope,  vol.  5,  p.  182. 


124  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

lation  of  Hesiod.  This  last  represents  Theobald's  first 
attempt  at  textual  criticism  in  the  classics.  It  also  shows 
the  regard  his  friends  had  for  his  scholarship  not  only  in 
English  but  also  in  Latin  and  Greek.  Even  his  enemies 
admitted  his  scholarship.45  Pope  objected  to  him  because 
he  was  a  scholar.  Scholarship  and  scientific  investigation, 
from  the  time  of  the  controversy  between  the  ancients  and 
moderns  until  after  Pope's  death,  were  looked  upon  almost 
as  crimes  by  the  Wits.  The  Phalaris  controversy,  the 
Scriblerus  conspiracy,  the  Shakespearean  quarrel,  and  the 
fourth  book  of  The  Dunciad  are  only  notable  battles  in  a 
continual  war. 

In  a  postscript  to  the  translation  Cooke  says, 

I  cannot  take  my  leave  of  this  work  without  expressing  my  grati 
tude  to  Mr.  Theobald  for  his  kind  assistance  in  it.  Much  may 
with  Justice  be  said  to  the  advantage  of  that  gentleman,  but  his 
own  writings  will  be  testimonys  of  his  abilitys,  when  perhaps,  this 
profession  of  my  friendship  for  him,  and  of  my  zeal  for  his  merit, 
shall  be  forgot. 

To  this  he  added  that  as  a  matter  of  justice  he  had  been 
careful  to  distinguish  all  remarks  of  his  friends  from  his  own. 
Theobald's  contribution  comprised  two  complete  notes  and 
four  parts  of  notes.  These  last  consist  of  collections  of 
passages  illustrative  of  some  remark  of  Cooke,  and  are  in 
troduced  by  "The  rest  of  the  note  by  Mr.  Theobald."46 
They  are  insignificant  except  as  showing  Theobald's  wide 
acquaintance  with  the  classics. 

Of  his  two  whole  notes,  one  corrects  the  pointing  of  a 
passage  in  the  original,  and  gives  what  Theobald  considered 

45  See  "  Fragment  of  a  Satire.  " 

46  In  a  note  on  The  Dunciad  (Bk.  1, 1.  168)  Pope  speaks  of  these  notes 
as  having  been  carefully  owned  by  Theobald.     The  latter  had  nothing 
to  do  with  the  owning:    Cooke,  like  Theobald  and  unlike  Pope,  was 
scrupulous  in  giving  credit  for  all  assistance. 


THE   PERIOD   OF   "THE   DUNCIAD"  125 

a  new  explanation  of  it.  The  pointing  in  modern  editions 
is  practically  the  same  as  his,  and  while  there  is  still  dispute 
regarding  the  meaning  of  the  passage,  some  of  the  editors 
of  Hesiod  hold  Theobald's  view.47  Theobald  discusses  and 
defends  his  pointing  in  true  Bentleian  manner,  supporting 
whatever  he  says  with  numerous  quotations.  The  other 
note  suggests  an  emendation,  the  first  the  Shakespearean 
critic  made  in  the  classics  and  put  forward  as  "a  private 
suspicion." 48  There  is  undoubtedly  much  obscurity  in 
the  passage,  and  Theobald  defends  his  beliefs  convincingly. 
Modern  editions  escape  the  difficulty  by  judging  the  lines 
spurious  because  of  the  presence  of  some  non-epic  forms. 
These  notes,  while  by  no  means  wonderful,  are  entirely 
creditable  to  Theobald ;  any  classical  critic  could  own  them 
without  a  blush. 

Early  in  the  next  year  Theobald  began  his  correspondence 
with  Warburton.  The  exchange  of  letters  was  very  frequent 
up  to  the  end  of  1731,  and  continued  with  diminishing  fre 
quency  until  the  spring  of  1736,  when  it  was  broken  off 
under  circumstances  hardly  creditable  to  Warburton.  In 
these  letters  Theobald  and  his  friend  exchanged  their  remarks 
and  conjectures  on  Shakespeare  and  gave  their  opinions 
of  them.  In  a  letter  dated  March  18,  1729,  Theobald 
speaks  of  having  received  the  second  paper  of  criticisms 
from  the  divine,  and  mentions  having  promised  to  write 
him  troublesome  inquiries.49  From  this  it  could  be  in 
ferred  that  Warburton  had  as  great  a  part  as  Theobald  in 

47  See  Works  and  Days  (Paley's  edition  of  Hesiod,  1883),  1.  145. 
In  a  note  discussing  the  passage,  Paley  says  it  is  difficult  to  determine 
the  meaning,  and  gives  an  explanation  of  the  German  editor,  Goettling, 
which  is  the  same  as  Theobald's. 

48  Works  and  Days  (Paley's  edition),  1.  261 :  8fj^s  arapaMas.   Theobald 
would  change  dfjuos  to  TWOS.      See  Paley's  note  on  this  and  the  fol 
lowing  lines. 

49  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  204. 


126 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


establishing  the  correspondence,  an  inference  that  has  some 
bearing  on  later  developments. 

Hardly  had  this  correspondence  been  begun  when  The 
Dundad  again  loomed  up  on  the  horizon.  In  the  letter 
mentioned  above  Theobald  writes, 

You  will  hear,  I  doubt  not,  by  our  friend  Concanen,  that  the  Par 
nassian  war  is  like  to  break  out  fiercely  again.  The  Dundad  is 
pompously  re-printed  in  quarto,  and  the  publication  of  it  every 
day  expected. 

The  next  month  The  Dundad  Variorum  made  its  appear 
ance.50  Some  knowledge  of  its  contents  may  be  gained 
from  the  description  given  in  the  advertisement  below. 
Never  had  an  English  work  been  issued  into  the  world  with 
all  the  elaborate  paraphernalia  common  to  the  much  satirized 
editions  of  the  classics.  Indeed,  Pope  seems  to  be  intending 
a  satiric  thrust  at  them ;  the  fact  that  he  first  planned  the 
notes  to  be  in  Latin  gives  evidence  of  some  such  intent.51 

60  "This  day  is  published,  in  a  beautiful  Letter  in  4to,  a  complete 
and  correct  Edition  of  the  Dunciad:  with  the  Prologomena,  Disserta 
tions  and  Arguments  of  Martinus  Scriblerus,  Testimonia  Scriptorum, 
Notes  Variorum,  Index  Autorum,  Appendix  of  some  curious  Pieces, 
Virgil  Restored,  or  a  Specimen  for  a  new  Edition  of  that  Poet,  a  Parallel 
of  Mr.  Dryden  and  Mr.  Pope,  etc.;   wherein  the  Errors  of  all  the 
former  Editions  are  corrected,   the  Omissions  supplied,  the  Names 
rectified,  and  the  Reasons  for  their  insertions  given;    the  History  of 
Authors  related,  and  the  Anonymous  detected;   the  obscure  Passages 
illustrated,  and  the  Imitations  and  Allusions  to  ancient  and  modern 
Poets  collected;  with  a  Letter  to  the  Publisher,  by  W.  C.,  Esq.     Printed 
for  Lawton  Gilliver,  against  St.  Dunstan's  Church  in  Fleet-Street." 
—  London  Evening  Post,  April  12,   1729.     Quoted  in  Nichols,  Illus 
trations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  220. 

61  See  note  on  Bk.  II,  1.  134.     As  stated  before  all  references  are 
to  the  second  edition,  octavo,  of  Lawton  Gilliver.     As  regards  Theobald 
the  changes  introduced,  from  the  first  appearance  of  the  variorum 
edition  to  this  edition,  are  inconsequential.     This  edition  was  regarded 
by  Pope  as  the  standard.     (Lounsbury,  Text  of  Shakespeare,  p.  255.) 


127 

But  the  real  purpose  of  all  this  heterogeneous  matter  was 
to  justify  The  Dunciad  and  continue  the  satire  on  its  victims. 
Since  the  first  publication  of  the  poem,  those  attacked  had 
been  spurred  to  unusual  activity  in  their  replies,  which 
were  anything  but  complimentary  to  the  poet.  These 
opinions  of  him  he  listed  in  such  a  way  in  the  "Testimonies 
of  Authors"  that  to  the  casual  reader,  without  thought  of 
chronology,  they  would  appear  as  sufficient  cause  for  the 
satire.  For  the  same  purpose,  doubtless,  he  listed  in 
the  appendix  those  attacks  on  him  that  appeared  after 
as  well  as  before  the  satire.  Even  in  the  notes  to  the  poem, 
he  quotes,  as  tacit  reasons  for  the  inclusion  of  some  authors 
in  the  satire,  works  they  had  written  after  its  first  appear 
ance.  In  drawing  the  parallel  between  the  treatment 
accorded  himself  and  Dryden,  he  quotes  many  of  these 
subsequent  criticisms,  and  in  the  "  Testimonies "  he  con 
trasts  the  opinions  of  himself  given  before  and  after  The 
Dunciad  in  such  a  manner  as  to  make  their  authors  ap 
pear  ridiculous.  In  short,  he  made  capital  of  everything 
his  victims  wrote  in  reply  to  the  first  edition  of  the  poem. 

The  notes  consist  largely  of  the  material  he  gathered 
cerning  his  opponents  while  composing  the  poem,  as  well 
as  material  drawn  from  works  published  after  its  appearance, 
but  it  is  often  given  in  a  distorted  and  false  form.  It  is 
well  to  notice  a  few  of  these  misrepresentations  of  Theobald. 
In  the  single  note  giving  his  life  there  are  no  less  than  five.62 
He  speaks  of  Theobald  praising  his  own  productions  in  anony 
mous  letters  to  Mist's  Journal,  for  which  statement  there 
is  no  foundation.  He  makes  Theobald  the  author  of  a 
communication  to  the  same  journal,  June  8,  1728,  which 

For  discussions  of  the  various  editions  of  1728  and  1729  see  Lounsbury, 
Text  of  Shakespeare,  Chaps.  12  and  13,  and  Notes  and  Queries,  1854, 
Vol.  2,  pp.  69, 108, 129, 148, 238, 277. 
62  Bk.  1, 1.  106. 


128  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

claimed  there  was  no  flaw  in  Shakespeare  Restored;  but  the 
satirist  has  nothing  upon  which  to  base  his  assertion.  He  re 
peats  the  accusation  made  at  the  end  of  his  second  edition 
of  Shakespeare  that  Theobald  concealed  his  design  on  the 
dramatist  until  after  Pope's  edition.  He  adds,  however,  that 
satisfaction  had  been  promised  to  those  who  would  assist 
him.  To  make  matters  worse,  according  to  his  account, 
Theobald  at  that  time  was  soliciting  favors  from  him. 
Lastly,  he  insinuates  that  Theobald  had  a  part  in  the  cry 
that  Pope  had  joined  with  the  bookseller  to  raise  an  ex 
travagant  subscription.  We  have  seen  how  Theobald 
answered  the  charge  about  concealing  his  design,  yet  Pope 
quotes  this  same  letter  as  admitting  the  indictment.53  We 
shall  see  later  how  completely  the  critic  demolished  the 
accusation  of  ingratitude.  As  for  the  last  charge,  the  only 
basis  Pope  had  was  the  Essay  on  the  Art  of  Sinking  in  Repu 
tation,  concerning  the  authorship  of  which  he  himself  was 
not  certain.54  There  are  other  misstatements  scattered 
through  the  work.  In  one  place  the  author  says  that 
Theobald  published  once  a  week  or  fortnight  some  poor 
conjecture  in  Mist's  Journal,  when  Theobald's  contribu 
tions  of  that  nature  before  The  Dundad  number  only  two.55 
And  there  are  the  two  lies  we  have  noticed  above  —  his 
carefully  owning  his  notes  to  Cooke's  Hesiod  and  his  cackling 
to  the  Tories. 

Yet  with  all  this  elaborate  commentary  the  very  book 
that  was  in  a  large  way  responsible  for  the  poem  was  men 
tioned  but  once.56  It  was  not  even  included  in  the  list  of 

63  There  is  a  passage  in  Shakespeare  Restored  (see  supra,  p.  132) 
that  might  be  interpreted  as  suggesting  that  Pope  joined  with  the 
bookseller  in  raising  a  subscription. 

64  See  ante,  p.  113. 

65  Note  on  Bk.  1, 1.  164. 

66  "What  is  still  in  memory  is  a  piece  now  almost  two  years  old; 
t  had  the  title  of  Shakespeare  Restored."    Note  on  1.  106,  Bk.  I. 


129 

productions  written  against  Pope,  which  was  inserted  in  the 
"  Appendix. "  Professor  Lounsbury  notes  that  the  word 
"Book"  which  began  the  poem  in  the  first  edition  of  1728 
was  speedily  changed  to  the  plural.87  In  the  poem  proper 
references  to  the  work  are  conspicuous  by  their  absence. 
The  following  passage  contains  the  only  allusion. 

"  There,  thy  good  Scholiasts  with  unweary'd  pains 
Make  Horace  flat,  and  humble  Maro's  strains; 
Here  studious  I  unlucky  moderns  save, 
Nor  sleeps  one  error  in  its  father's  grave, 
Old  puns  restore,  lost  blunders  nicely  seek, 
And  crucify  poor  Shakespeare  once  a  week. 
For  thee  I  dim  these  eyes,  and  stuff  this  head, 
With  all  such  reading  as  was  never  read; 
For  thee  supplying,  in  the  worst  of  days, 
Notes  to  dull  books,  and  prologues  to  dull  plays; 
For  thee  explain  a  thing  till  all  men  doubt  it, 
And  write  about  it,  Goddess,  and  about  it; 
So  spins  the  Silk-worm  small  its  slender  store, 
And  labours,  'till  it  clouds  itself  all  o'er."  w 

In  the  notes  the  allusions  are  more  numerous  but  still  in 
frequent.     They  are  generally  to  some  phrase  or  sentiment 
expressed  in  Shakespeare  Restored,  but  no  hint  is  given  in 
the  note  as  to  the  source  of  the  allusion.59 
Most  of  the  satire  in  the  poem  hinges  on  Theobald's  other 

17  Text  of  Shakespeare,  p.  290. 

18  Bk.  I,  11.  159-172.     The  allusion  in  the  second  line  is  to  Bentley's 
Horace.    Judging  from  the  way  Pope  continued  to  couple  these  two 
critics,  I  would  conjecture  that  he  was  aware  of  the  similarity  of  their 
methods. 

M  Bk.  Ill,  1.  272.  Anadyplosis  (Shakespeare  Restored,  p.  13); 
Bk.  II,  1.  175,  marginal  corrections  (p.  11);  Bk.  I,  1.  162,  Shakespeare 
guilty  of  anachronisms  (p.  134);  Bk.  I,  1.  1,  spelling  of  Shakespeare's 
name  (p.  193);  Bk.  Ill,  11.  28  and  272  ridicule  Theobald's  method  by 
mock  emendations. 


130 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


works.  The  satirist  is  especially  severe  on  pantomimes 
in  general  and  Theobald's  in  particular,  mentioning  by 
name  three  or  four  of  his  most  popular.  Of  his  translations, 
the  Phaedo,  Ajax,  and  Aeschylus  are  honored,  though  the 
second  Theobald  probably  did  not  write,  and  the  last  he 
never  published.  His  dramas  are  represented  by  The 
Persian  Princess,  The  Perfidious  Brother,  and  a  line  from 
Double.  Falshood.  The  Cave  of  Poverty  is  the  only  one  of 
his  poems  to  find  a  place  in  the  satire. 

Then  there  is  the  general  accusation  of  dullness  and  stupid 
ity,  besides  slanders  in  the  notes  about  his  party  writings  and 
ingratitude.  His  poverty  was  more  than  hinted  at,  and  it 
was  on  that  ground  that  the  opponents  of  Pope  took  the 
satirist  most  to  task.60  In  the  "Letter  to  the  Publisher," 
signed  by  William  Cleland  though  written  by  Pope,  the  poet 
tries  to  excuse  himself  on  the  ground  that  the  poverty  of 
the  dunces  was  the  result  of  their  being  outside  of  their 
proper  field  of  activity,  and  that  he  was  performing  a  service 
by  forcing  them  to  leave  off  their  attempts.  On  this  basis, 
Theobald,  when  he  attempted  Shakespeare,  was  not  follow 
ing  his  natural  bent. 

Theobald's  method  and  verbal  criticism  in  general  are 
subjected  to  the  lash  of  the  poet's  scorn.  Mock  emendations 
of  Virgil  are  scattered  through  the  notes  and  gathered  to 
gether  in  the  appendix  under  the  title  of  Virgil  Restored. 
These,  written  mainly  by  Arbuthnot,  were  taken  from  a 
production  of  the  Scriblerus  Club,  which  was  originally 

60  "She  ey'd  the  Bard,  where  supperless  he  sate."  Bk.  I,  1.  109. 
In  raking  over  Theobald's  past,  Pope  has  perused  his  Censor,  as  is 
shown  by  a  quotation  from  it  about  Dennis.  (Note  on  Bk.  I,  1.  104.) 
Is  it  possible  that  the  above  line  was  suggested  by  a  passage  in  No. 
38,  January  17,  1717?  "I  am  so  far  of  Opinion  that  our  Common 
Dreams  proceed  from  Repletion  and  Indigestion,  that,  to  prevent  this 
fantastic  Disturbance  of  my  slumbers,  I  have  for  some  Years  accus- 
tom'd  myself  to  go  supperless  to  Bed." 


131 

directed  against  Bentley.61  Pope  also  gives  burlesque 
corrections  of  Double  Falshood  to  mock  Theobald's  emenda 
tions  on  Shakespeare,62  and  ridicules  the  out-of-the-way 
reading  with  which  the  critic  proved  his  assertions.  Caxton's 
"Sagittary"  seems  to  have  irritated  him  very  much;  the 
specimen  of  the  publisher  in  the  appendix  is  quoted  merely 
to  give  people  a  sample  of  the  kind  of  reading  in  which 
Theobald  indulged. 

As  regards  the  purpose  of  The  Dunciad  even  that  ardent 
admirer  of  Pope,  Johnson,  was  skeptical : 

That  the  design  was  moral,  whatever  the  author  might  tell  his 
readers  or  himself,  I  am  not  convinced.  The  first  motive  was  the 
desire  of  revenging  the  contempt  with  which  Theobald  had  treated 
his  Shakespeare,  and  regaining  the  honour  which  he  had  lost  by 
crushing  his  opponent. 

Revenge  was  the  poet's  motive,  no  matter  what  he  might 
say  about  being  moved  by  public  spirit  in  killing  off  bad 
writers.  Of  this  motive  the  variorum  edition  itself  convicts 
him.  Why  such  care  in  seeking  out  and  publishing  the 
titles  of  all  productions  written  against  him,  except  to  justify 
him  in  hitting  back?  In  "A  Letter  to  the  Publisher"  it  is 
frankly  stated  that  the  satire  is  a  reply  to  attacks,  and  the 
author  himself  says  that  he  promised  to  remove  from  The 
Dunciad  any  who  could  give  him  assurance  "of  having  never 
writ  scurrillously  against  him."  63  In  Pope's  mind  a  bad 
writer  must  have  been  one  who  wrote  against  him.  The 
moral  idea  was  an  afterthought,  for  which  his  rising  reputa 
tion  for  virtue  secured  wide  credence.64 

Pope  never  openly  admitted  that  Theobald  was  made 
hero  of  The  Dunciad  in  revenge  for  Shakespeare  Restored. 

61  See  ante,  Chap.  II,  p.  57. 

62  Note  on  Bk.  Ill,  1.  272. 

63  Note  on  Bk.  Ill,  1.  146. 

84  See  Lounsbury,  Text  of  Shakespeare,  pp.  283  ff. 


132 


LEWIS  THEOBALD 


Indeed,  he  tried  to  hide  the  real  reason  under  a  number  of 
fictitious  ones.  In  the  preface  to  the  first  edition  he  face 
tiously  remarked  that  he  gave  his  hero  the  name  Theobald, 
which  just  happened  to  be  that  of  a  real  person.  In  the 
edition  of  1729  he  gave  a  variety  of  reasons.  First,  he  had 
to  have  for  his  hero  a  man  who  was  a  party-writer,  dull  poet, 
and  wild  critic;  he  found  Theobald  to  be  such.65  Later 
the  unfortunate  man  is  the  hero  because  there  was  no  better 
to  be  had.66  But  that  which  Pope  characterized  as  the  real 
reason  is  the  charges  contained  in  the  note  giving  Theobald's 
life,  charges  that  are  practically  baseless.67 

Pope  had  some  grounds  for  feeling  incensed  at  his  adver 
sary.  A  book  whose  title-page  proclaimed  it  to  be  "A 
Specimen  of  the  many  Errors,  as  well  committed,  as  un- 
amended  by  Mr.  Pope"  could  hardly  find  favor  in  his  eyes. 
And  in  the  body  of  the  work  there  are  passages  such  as  the 
following  that  would  have  disturbed  a  far  less  sensitive 
man  than  he: 

There  are  many  Passages  of  such  intolerable  Carelessness  inter 
spersed  thro'  all  the  six  Volumes,  that  were  not  a  few  of  Mr.  Pope's 
Notes  scattered  here  and  there  too,  I  should  be  induced  to  believe 
that  the  Words  of  the  First  Volume,  .  .  .  COLLATED 
and  CORRECTED  by  the  former  EDITIONS,  By 
Mr.  POPE,  .  .  .  were  plac'd  there  by  the  Bookseller  to  en 
hance  the  Credit  of  his  Edition ;  but  that  he  had  play'd  false  with 
his  Editor,  and  never  sent  the  Sheets  to  revise.  And,  surely, 
this  must  have  been  the  case  sometimes:  For  no  Body  shall  per 
suade  me  that  Mr.  Pope  could  be  awake,  and  with  his  Eyes  open, 
and  revising  a  Book  which  was  to  be  published  under  his  Name, 
yet  let  an  Error,  like  the  following,  escape  his  Observation  and 
Correction.68 

"  "Martinus  Scriblerus  of  the  Poem,"  p.  42. 

66  Note  on  Bk.  1, 1.  102. 

67  See  ante,  p.  127. 

68  Shakespeare  Restored,  p.  75.    See  also  p.  97. 


133 

Theobald  proved  his  charges,  but  justice  could  not  take  away 
the  sting.  He  felt  no  animosity  toward  the  poet,  for  in 
his  introduction  he  praises  him  and  his  works  extravagantly, 
as  he  had  done  in  The  Censor.  Having  lived  in  obscure 
mediocrity  all  his  life  he  suddenly  found  himself  able  to 
prove  publicly  his  superiority  to  the  most  popular  poet  of 
his  time,  and  overwhelmed  with  his  success,  he  thought  to 
magnify  the  virtues  of  his  own  work  by  emphasizing  the 
failures  of  Pope. 

It  is  this  variorum  edition  of  The  Dunciad  that  was  largely 
responsible  for  the  character  of  Theobald  that  has  come 
down  to  recent  times.  Had  the  poem  remained  as  it  first 
appeared,  it  would  have  been  relished  with  much  gusto, 
but  the  picture  of  Theobald  would  have  been  accepted  as 
a  creation  of  the  imagination,  a  license  granted  to  satiric 
genius,  a  brilliant  caricature.  Pope's  readers  would  have 
been  willing  to  agree  with  him  when  he  satirically  says  in 
his  preface  that  he  had  to  have  a  name  for  his  hero,  and  select 
ing  Theobald  found  it  to  be  the  name  of  a  real  person.  But 
when  he  sought  to  impress  upon  people  the  reality  of  the 
picture,  and,  turning  biographer,  gave  by  means  of  lies  and 
half-lies  a  biography  that  would  suit  the  hero  of  his  poem, 
the  real  Theobald  was  lost  in  the  dunce  and  the  one  Pope 
created  took  his  place.  Well  might  the  author  when  he 
changed  heroes,  bid  the  phantom  Theobald  to  vanish  and 
wholly  disappear,  for  phantom  he  was  of  Pope's  own 
making,  having  no  existence  in  flesh  and  blood. 

Furthermore,  this  edition  served  as  a  source  of  much  of 
the  material  used  by  later  biographers  of  Pope  and  the  men 
he  satirized.69  Rather  than  go  back  to  original  sources,  they 
accepted  the  mass  of  incorrect  quotations  and  statements 
found  in  the  same  volume  with  the  satire.  In  this  way 

69  For  example  see  the  account  of  Theobald  given  in  Theophilus 
Gibber's  Lives  of  the  Poets,  1753. 


134  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

they  spread  broadcast  Pope's  unjust  characterization  of  the 
critic,  giving  as  historic  fact  what  was  half  the  invention  of 
the  poet's  malice.  In  short,  they  accepted  as  truth  Pope's 
own  account  of  The  Dunciad  and  the  dunces.  The  effect 
produced  by  this  procedure,  together  with  the  slanders 
propagated  by  Warburton  and  supported  by  Johnson,  was 
to  give  such  a  permanent  character  to  Pope's  charges  as  to 
make  them  pass  current  even  to-day. 

Theobald  did  not  long  remain  silent.  In  a  letter  to  The 
Daily  Journal,™  written  by  him  for  publication  though 
communicated  by  another,  he  says  he  will  be  silent  under 
the  slander  of  Pope's  wit,  but  not  of  his  malice.  As  for  the 
charge  of  ingratitude  that  he  was  soliciting  favors  at  the 
same  time  he  was  refusing  to  help  the  poet  with  his  edition, 
he  declares  that  he  asked  Pope  to  assist  him  with  a  few 
tickets  for  a  benefit,  and  a  month  later  received  a  reply 
stating  that  Pope  had  been  out  of  town  until  it  was  too 
late.  This  encouraged  him  sometime  later  to  ask  the  poet 
to  recommend  his  design  of  translating  Aeschylus,  to  which 
request  Pope  answered  he  would  do  what  he  could ;  yet 
from  that  time  to  the  publication  of  Shakespeare  Restored 
there  had  come  no  line  from  him,  nor  intimation  of  one  sub 
scriber  by  his  interest.  He  excused  himself  for  troubling 
the  public  with  his  defense,  but  as  his  slight  merit  was  easily 
shocked,  this  was  the  only  way  he  had  of  appealing  to  those 
of  the  nobility  whom  he  had  not  the  honor  of  approaching 
for  their  favor. 

Theobald  did  not  stop  here.  He  proceeded  to  carry  the 
war  into  his  opponent's  territory.  Knowing  wherein  his 
strength  lay,  he  again  calmly  pointed  out  errors  in  Pope's 
edition  of  Shakespeare,  duly  numbered  and  arranged 
in  order.  Against  Pope's  wrong  explanations  of  "reechy," 

70  April  17,  1729.  Printed  in  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature, 
vol.  2,  p.  220. 


135 

"germins,"  and  "  element, "  71  he  gives  the  correct  definition. 
Then  he  gives  several  emendations,  concerning  tne  majority 
of  which  there  is  now  little  doubt.72  This  manner  of  answer 
ing  his  opponent's  attack  was  exceeding  distasteful  to  the 
latter,  for  the  public  were  ever  reminded  of  the  deficiencies 
of  his  edition.  Here  lay  the  cause  of  his  grossly  inaccurate 
accusation  of  Theobald's  having  published  conjectures 
weekly  or  fortnightly,  a  charge  that  has  operated  against 
the  scholar  up  to  the  present  time. 

Pope  at  first  did  not  find  many  to  take  up  his  side  of  the 
quarrel.73  But  in  1729  Savage  came  under  his  dominion 
and  worked  most  assiduously  as  his  tool  and  informer.74 
The  first  result  of  his  labors  was  "An  Author  to  Let,"  which 
is  in  the  form  of  a  proposal  from  Iscariot  Hackney  (Roome) 
to  the  members  of  the  "  Society  of  the  Bathos."  In  its 
heaps  of  scandal  and  slander  the  author  can  find  no  grounds 
to  attack  Theobald  but  that  of  word-catching.  Savage 
speaks  of  having  found  the  "dunces"  at  Ship  Tavern, 
Charing  Cross,  bellowing  against  the  indecencies  of  The 
Dunciad.  Among  these  he  includes  Mrs.  Haywood,  James 
Moore-Smythe,  Theobald,  Welsted,  Cooke,  Bezaleel  Morris, 
Concanen,  and  Roome,  a  group  of  writers  who  later  were 

71  Much  Ado,  Act.  Ill,  Sc.  5,  King  Lear,  Act.  I,  Sc.  2;  Henry  VIII, 
Act.  I,  Sc.  1. 

72  King  Lear,  Act.  I,   Sc.  6,   "Courtesy"  for  "curiosity"   (Pope, 
"nicety"). 

Measure  for  Measure,  Act.  Ill,  Sc.  4.  "eat,  array"  for  "eat  away." 
Love's  Labor's  Lost,  Act.  Ill,  Sc.  3,  "Senior- Junior"  for  "Signior 
Junio." 

Idem,  Act.  IV,  Sc.  3,  "imitari"  for  "imitary." 

Titus  Andronicus,  Act.  Ill,  Sc.  3,  "Cask"  for  "Castle." 

Twelfth  Night,  Act.  I,  Sc.  3,  "Curl  by  nature"  for  "Cool  my  nature." 

73  Thomas  Hearne  says  Pope  was  much  blamed  for  his  barbarous 
treatment  of  Theobald.     Reliquiae  Hearnianae,  1869,  vol.  3,  p.  137. 

74  We  find  Savage's  name,  as  well  as  that  of  Mallet,  in  the  list  of 
subscribers  prefixed  to  Cooke's  Hesiod. 


136 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


called  the  Concanen  Club.  In  the  appendix  to  The  Dw 
Pope  speaks  of  a  club  composed  of  Theobald,  Dennis,  Moore, 
Concanen,  Cooke,  who  held  weekly  meetings  to  write  against 
him.  There  is  little  truth  in  the  statement.  There  was 
undoubtedly  a  literary  group,  to  whom  Concanen  had  in 
troduced  Theobald  and  Warburton  in  the  latter  half  of  the 
year  1726.  Later  Theobald  contributed  assistance  to  the 
literary  endeavors  of  some  of  the  members.75  This  group 
was  largely  represented  in  The  Dundad;  thus  there  is  little 
doubt  that  the  satire  and  its  author  made  up  much  of  its 
conversation,  and  caused  them  to  be  joined  together  more 
closely  for  a  common  cause.  Later  Theobald  speaks  of  a 
poem  of  Welsted  as  "our  ware."  76  They  did  not  hold  these 
meetings,  however,  to  abuse  Pope,  for  they  had  held  them 
before,  yet  the  poet  must  have  been  the  center  of  interest 
with  them  after  The  Dunciad. 

The  title-page  of  Savage's  pamphlet  reads  "  Number  1. 
To  be  continued."  For  some  reason,  however,  the  project 
was  dropped.  It  may  be  that  the  death  of  Roome,  who  is 
represented  as  the  author,  near  the  close  of  the  year  caused 
a  change  in  plan.  The  next  year  The  Grub-street  Journal 
took  up  the  work  along  the  same  lines.  This  was  a  weekly 
periodical  which  ran  from  the  beginning  of  1730  to  the  end 
of  1737.  It  was  first  under  the  editorship  of  John  Martyn, 
a  botanist,  and  Russel,  a  nonjuring  clergyman,  but  Pope 
was  the  moving  spirit  and  furnished  many  of  its  contri 
butions.77  His  enemies  are  attacked ;  he  and  his  friends  are 
handsomely  praised.  The  former  are  known  as  "Theo- 
baldians,"  "Grubeans,"  "  Knights  of  the  Bathos,"  while 

76  A   Prologue   to   James   Moore-Smythe's   comedy   Rival   Modes, 
acted  January  27,  1727,  and  the  notes  to  Cooke's  Hesiod,  February, 
1728.     Mrs.  Haywood  was  a  friend  of  Theobald.    See  Notes  and  Queries 
for  1854,  Vol.  II,  p.  110. 

78  See  Appendix,  p.  295. 

77  Lounsbury,  Text  of  Shakespeare,  Chap.  XIX. 


137 

the  latter  are  termed  "Popeans"  and  "Parnassians."  The 
periodical  gives  the  weekly  proceedings  of  a  fictitious  Grubean 
society.  Its  verses,  epigrams,  and  essays  ridicule  learning, 
antiquarianism,  sciences,  and  particularly  medicine,  in  fact, 
everything  that  would  now  be  listed  under  scholarship  or 
science.78  While  Theobald  receives  frequent  notices,  Smythe 
at  first  is  the  main  butt  of  its  satire,  but  after  Gibber  became 
laureate,  he  takes  Smythe's  place.  The  attacks  on  Theo 
bald  follow  the  lines  laid  down  by  The  Dunciad:  his  pan 
tomimes,  translations,  and  critical  method  are  ridiculed. 
In  this  last  he  divides  honors  with  Bentley,  whose  pro 
pensities  are  frequently  noticed.79 

In  1730  Edward  Young  came  to  the  poet's  assistance  with 
Two  Epistles  to  Mr.  Pope,  Concerning  the  Authors  of  the  Age, 
but  spends  most  of  his  ammunition  against  Welsted  and 
Smythe.  The  following  year  the  Reverend  James  Miller 
sought  the  poet's  favor  with  Harlequin-Horace  or  the  Art 
of  Modern  Poetry.  This  is  a  general  attack  on  Pantomimes, 
and  Theobald,  being  the  foremost  creator  of  the  serious 
parts,  comes  in  for  his  share  of  abuse.  One  naturally  looks 
for  some  word  from  Swift.  At  the  beginning  of  the  cen 
tury  he  had  plenty  to  say  about  Bentley,  and  according 
to  Pope  he  saved  The  Dunciad.  In  Verses  on  the  Death 
of  Dr.  Swift,  written  in  1731,  he  sarcastically  mentions 
Theobald  in  the  role  of  a  reviser.  In  the  introduction 
to  his  A  Complete  Collection  of  Genteel  and  Ingenious 
Conversation  he  touches  on  the  critic  twice.80 

The  most  persistent  method  of  attacking  Theobald  and 
lessening  the  regard  of  the  public  for  his  labors  lay  through 
repeated  depreciation  of  verbal  criticism.  As  I  tried  to 

78  See  the  satirical  article  on  botany  in  No.  23,  June  11,  1730. 

79  Of.  Nos.  2,  28,  37,  and  98. 

80  If  Dean  Jonathan's  Parody  on  the  4th  Chap,  of  Genesis,  1729, 
be  his,  he  seems  to  take  Theobald's  part  as  regards  Shakespeare. 


138  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

show  in  the  second  chapter  of  this  work,  the  stimulus  given 
textual  criticism  by  Bentley  had  called  forth  so  much  criti 
cism  as  to  put  scholars  upon  the  defensive.  The  enemies 
of  Theobald  found  the  ground  fully  prepared  for  them; 
all  they  had  to  do  was  to  continue  the  attack  along  the 
same  lines  laid  down  by  the  enemies  of  Bentley  and  his 
school,  but  to  include  English  as  well  as  classical  scholars. 
This  amplification  was  all  the  easier  inasmuch  as  the  methods 
employed  by  Bentley  and  Theobald  were  identical.  Here 
after  it  is  not  unusual  to  find  the  two  scholars  joined  in 
the  attacks  leveled  at  literal  criticism.  The  accusations 
remain  the  same  —  the  triviality,  uselessness,  and  uncer 
tainty  of  the  pursuit. 

Shakespeare  Restored  caused  a  revival  in  the  war  against 
this  form  of  criticism.  William  Broome  fired  the  first  shot. 
In  1726  he  had  praised  Pope's  Shakespeare,  telling  the  great 
dramatist  to  rejoice,  since  revised  by  Pope's  hand  every 
line  shone  in  native  brightness,  a  sentiment  that  is  certainly 
a  tribute  to  textual  criticism  as  well  as  to  the  poet.  But 
by  March  of  the  next  year  he  has  experienced  a  change 
of  heart,  for  he  has  much  to  say  against  the  study  of  texts.81 
Since  Theobald's  first  criticisms  of  Shakespeare  had  appeared 
in  the  interim,  it  doubtless  had  much  to  do  with  this  sudden 
reversal  of  opinion.  Broome  holds  that  while  criticism  —  he 
means  verbal  criticism  by  this  general  term  —  was  useful 
in  earlier  ages,  it  has  outlived  its  usefulness : 

It  is  ridiculous  to  make  it  the  supreme  business  of  life  to  repair 
the  ruins  of  a  decay 'd  word,  to  trouble  the  world  with  vain  nicities 
about  a  letter,  or  a  syllable  or  the  transposition  of  a  phrase,  when 
the  present  reading  is  sufficiently  intelligible.  These  learned 
triflers  are  mere  weeders  of  an  author,  they  collect  the  weeds  for 
their  own  use,  and  permit  others  to  gather  the  herbs  and  flowers. 
It  would  be  of  more  advantage  to  mankind  when  once  an  author 

81  Preface  to  Poems  on  Several  Occasions,  1727. 


139 

is  faithfully  published,  to  turn  our  thoughts  from  the  words  to  the 
sentiments,  and  make  them  more  easy  and  intelligible.  A  skill 
in  verbal  criticism  is  in  reality  but  a  skill  in  guessing,  and  con 
sequently  he  is  the  best  critic  who  guesses  best:  A  mighty  at 
tainment!  And  yet  with  what  pomp  is  a  trivial  alteration  usher'd 
into  the  world?82 

It  is  strange  that  Broome  could  not  see  that  Theobald, 
unlike  Pope,  sought  to  separate  conjecture  from  guess  work, 
and  to  establish  it  upon  reason  and  authority. 

The  following  year  Pope  joined  in  the  fray.  In  "A  Frag 
ment  of  a  Satire  "  he  stigmatizes  Theobald's  work  as  the 
trivial  pursuit  of  wrong-headed  industry.  Then  in  The 
Dunciad  there  are  frequent  slurs  at  his  scholarship  and 
several  general  attacks  on  verbal  criticism.  In  the  third 
book  are  found  these  lines, 

"There,  dim  in  clouds,  the  poreing  Scholiasts  mark, 
Wits,  who  like  Owls  see  only  in  the  dark, 
A  Lumberhouse  of  Books  in  ev'ry  head, 
For  ever  reading,  never  to  be  read." 

to  which  the  following  note  is  appended  : 

These  few  lines  exactly  describe  the  right  verbal  Critic:  He 
is  to  his  author  as  a  Quack  to  his  patients,  the  more  they  suffer 
and  complain,  the  better  he  is  pleas'd;  like  the  famous  Doctor 
of  that  sort,  who  put  up  in  his  bills,  He  delighted  in  matters  of  diffi 
culty.  Some  one  well  said  of  these  men,  that  their  heads  were 
Libraries  out  of  Order** 

In  another  place  he  brings  forward  a  more  serious  accusation  : 

Two  things  there  are,  upon  the  supposition  of  which  the  very 
basis  of  all  Verbal  Criticism  is  founded  and  supported:  The  first, 

82  His  reference  to  weeds  undoubtedly  looks  at  a  passage  in  the 
introduction  to  Shakespeare  Restored,  where  Theobald  compares  the 
text  of  Shakespeare  to  an  unweeded  garden  gone  to  seed.     The  last 
of  the  quotation  reads  like  one  of  King's  burlesque  notes  on  Bentley's 
Horace. 

83  11.  187-190,  and  note. 


140 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


that  an  Author  could  never  fail  to  use  the  best  word,  on  every 
occasion:  The  second,  that  a  Critic  cannot  chuse  but  know,  which 
that  is?  This  being  granted  whenever  any  word  doth  not  fully 
content  us,  we  take  upon  us  to  conclude,  first  that  the  author 
could  never  have  us'd  it,  and  secondly,  that  he  must  have  used 
that  very  one  which  we  conjecture  in  its  stead.84 

The  poet  and  his  associates  carried  on  the  attack  in  The 
Grub-street  Journal.  But  here  Bentley  more  frequently 
than  Theobald  became  the  object  of  their  satire,  for  Pope  was 
coming  to  recognize  in  the  classical  critic  the  creator  of  the 
critical  method  and  the  great  bulwark  of  textual  criticism. 
Moreover,  Bentley's  personal  characteristics,  if  not  his 
reputation,  made  attacks  on  him  more  popular,  though  he 
never  felt  them.  His  vigorous  condemnation  of  those  who 
disagreed  with  him  Pope  satirized  in  A  Sermon  against 

84  A  note  at  the  beginning  of  the  second  book.  I  will  also  take  the 
space  to  quote  a  note  on  a  line  in  the  third  book,  which  is  a  clever 
burlesque  of  the  notes  contributed  to  Cooke's  Hesiod. 

"V.  28,  And  length  of  Ears.]  This  is  a  sophisticated  reading.  I 
think  I  may  venture  to  affirm  all  the  Copyists  are  mistaken  here: 
I  believe  I  may  say  the  same  of  the  Critics;  Dennis,  Oldmixon,  Welsted, 
have  pass'd  it  in  silence:  I  have  always  stumbled  at  it,  and  wonder'd 
how  an  error  so  manifest  could  escape  such  accurate  persons.  I  dare 
assert  it  proceeded  originally  from  the  inadvertency  of  some  Trans 
criber  whose  head  run  on  the  Pillory  mention' d  two  lines  before:  It 
is  therefore  amazing  that  Mr.  Curl  himself  should  overlook  it!  Yet 
that  Scholiast  takes  not  the  least  notice  hereof.  That  the  learned 
Mist  also  reads  it  thus,  is  plain,  from  his  ranging  this  passage  among 
those  in  which  our  Author  was  blamed  for  personal  Satire  on  a  Man's 
Face  (whereof  doubtless  he  might  take  the  Ear  to  be  a  part) ;  So  like 
wise  Concanen,  Ralph,  the  Flying-Poet,  and  all  the  Herd  of  Com 
mentators —  Tota  armenta  sequuntur. 

"A  very  little  sagacity  (which  all  these  gentlemen  therefore  wanted) 
will  restore  to  us  the  true  sense  of  the  Poet,  thus 

By  his  broad  shoulders  known,  and  length  of  years. 
See  how  easy  a  change!     Of  one  single  letter!    That  Mr.  Settle  was 
old  is  most  certain,  but  he  was  (happily)  a  stranger  to  the  Pillory. 
This  Note  is  partly  Mr.  Theobald,  partly  Scriblerus." 


THE   PERIOD   OF   "THE   DUNCIAD"  141 

Adultery,  the  authorship  of  which  he  was  forced  by  Bentley's 
son  to  deny.  It  was  also  during  this  period  that  Pope 
added  a  chapter  to  The  Memoirs  of  Scriblerus  and  changed 
the  Don  Quixote  of  learning  into  the  verbal  critic.85  He 
introduced  Bentley  into  his  Epistle  to  Dr.  Arbuthnot;  and 
had  the  second  book  of  his  Essay  on  Man  made  its  appear 
ance,  the  classical  scholar  doubtless  would  have  figured, 
among  scientists  and  virtuosos,  as  the  greatest  example 
of  the  misapplication  of  learning  to  a  useless  science.86 
Such  a  position  he  holds  in  the  fourth  book  of  The 
Duntiad. 

By  1731  the  feeling  against  criticism  of  this  sort  reached 
such  a  height  as  to  cause  one  scholar  to  contemplate  writing 
a  pamphlet  in  its  defense.87  This  was  Jortin,  a  man  of 
high  character  and  true  scholarly  instincts.  Though  he 
gave  up  the  idea  of  his  pamphlet,  he  has  something  to  say 
about  the  matter.88  After  remarking  that  critical  learning 
has  met  with  both  humorous  and  serious  adversaries,  he 
defends  it  in  somewhat  the  same  manner  as  Thirlby : 

They  who  say  that  critical  learning  is  trifling  and  useless,  talk 
at  random.  Every  unprejudiced  person  must  allow  that  there 
are  as  many  triflers  in  all  other  parts  of  learning  as  in  this,  and 
that  criticism  deserves  to  be  reckoned  among  those  studies  which 
please  and  instruct.  It  does  not  indeed  tend  to  make  a  man 
better  and  more  virtuous,  and  therefore  falls  infinitely  short  of 
Ethics.  It  is  not  very  beneficial  to  the  commonwealth,  and  there 
fore  by  my  consent,  may  be  placed  beneath  those  studies,  which 
tend  to  encrease  the  wealth  and  strength  of  a  nation.  It  does  not 
make  bread  cheaper,  as  Malherbe,  though  a  poet,  used  to  say  of 

«  Chap.  IX. 

86  Ruffhead,  Life  of  Alexander  Pope,  1769,  pp.  267,  269. 

87  John   Jortin,   Miscellaneous   Observations   upon  Authors  Ancient 
and  Modern,  1731.     Preface  to  vol.  2. 

88  Miscellaneous  Observations  upon  Authors  Ancient  and  Modern, 
Preface  to  vol.  1. 


142 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


poetry.     It  is  like  poetry  upon  another  account  also;    it  brings 
home  usually  but  little  profit  to  those  who  spend  their  time  in  it. 

The  greatest  injury  to  the  science,  however,  came  from 
within  the  ranks  of  the  critics  themselves,  from  the  greatest 
of  them.  Early  in  1732  Bentley 's  remarkable  edition  of 
Milton  appeared.  News  that  Bentley  had  undertaken 
the  work  had  spread  abroad  sometime  before  its  appearance. 
Near  the  last  of  the  previous  October  Theobald  writes  to 
Warburton,  "As  to  Milton,  Dear  Sir,  Dr.  Bentley  is  so  far 
from  having  laid  aside  the  Thoughts  of  it,  that  the  whole 
Paradise  Lost  is  work'd  off,  and  the  Book  will  be  published 
before  Christmas." 89  Satiric  emendations  of  Milton,  reading 
astonishingly  like  those  of  Bentley  that  were  to  appear, 
were  published  in  numbers  of  The  Grub-street  Journal  as 
early  as  March,  1730.90 

To  justify  the  many  violent  changes  which  he  advocated, 
Bentley  devised  a  theory.  This  theory  was  that  Milton 
dictated  his  poem  to  a  friend  who  saw  it  through  the  press. 
The  friend  was  ignorant,  malicious,  careless,  and  everything 
else  imaginable;  he  introduced  words,  lines,  and  passages 
into  the  text.  The  corruptions  were  then  increased  by  the 
carelessness  of  the  printers.  Yet  Bentley  had  hopes  of 
restoring  the  original  text  by  his  sagacity.  Fortunately  he 
left  the  text  as  it  was,  putting  his  emendations  and  discus 
sions  in  the  margin  or  at  the  bottom  of  the  page. 

It  is  hard  to  understand  why  the  classical  scholar  ever 
produced  such  a  work.  There  is  a  tradition  that  he  under 
took  it  at  the  desire  of  the  queen,  who  wished  to  see  the 
great  critic  employ  his  faculties  on  an  English  poet.  More 
probably  the  critic  had  become  obsessed  with  the  idea  of 
correcting,  especially  as  his  own  efforts  had  done  so  much  to 
weaken  confidence  in  texts,  and  consequently  respect  for 

89  See  Appendix,  p.  278. 

90  Lounsbury,  Text  of  Shakespeare,  p.  425. 


THE    PERIOD    OF    "THE    DUNCIAD "  143 

them.  Furthermore,  the  popularity  of  Shakespeare  Re 
stored  may  have  inspired  him  to  seek  laurels  in  other  fields. 
Yet  he  did  not  follow  his  own  method,  the  method  that 
the  Shakespearean  critic  had  employed  with  such  good 
results.  The  only  evidences  of  the  classical  scholar  to  be 
found  in  the  work  are  seen  in  the  vigorous  logic  of  some  of 
the  notes.  Of  poetic  appreciation  there  is  no  sign  anywhere. 
As  was  the  case  with  the  edition  of  Horace,  this  work 
increased  the  intensity  of  the  attacks  on  verbal  criticism. 
Immediately  there  sprang  into  existence  a  host  of  small 
productions  written  against  Bentley  and  his  form  of  criti 
cism.  Yet  in  such  high  regard  was  emendation  held  that 
some  of  the  condemnations  take  Bentley  very  seriously.91 
Such  a  one  was  A  Review  of  the  Text  of  Milton's  Paradise 
Lost,  1732,  written  by  Zachary  Pearce,  a  scholar  of  some 
reputation.  In  his  preface  he  says, 

Dr.  Bentley  is  deservedly  distinguish'd  for  his  superior  Talents 
in  Critical  knowledge;  they  are  owned  by  the  unanimous  Consent 
of  the  Learned  World,  and  have  gain'd  him  a  Reputation  which  is 
real  and  substantial:  but  this  will  be  understood  with  the  Excep 
tion  to  what  he  has  done  on  Milton's  Poem:  In  which  tho'  he  has 
given  us  some  useful  and  judicious  Remarks,  yet  at  the  same  time 
he  has  made  many  Emendations,  which  may  justly  be  called  in 
question. 

Though  the  unlearned  might  make  free  with  Bentley's 
name,  scholars  were  coming  to  feel  more  reverence  and 
fear  toward  the  great  critic.  Yet  the  desire  to  emend 
Milton  seized  even  the  critics  of  Bentley 's  edition.  Pearce 
opposes  Bentley's  emendations  and  then  gives  some  cor 
rections  of  his  own. 

91  Francis  Peck  held  that  "as  there  are  a  great  number  of  fine  notes 
in  the  edition,  there  is  no  man  who  reads  what  the  Doctor  says,  but, 
I  fancy,  will  often  agree  with  him."  New  Memoirs  of  .  .  .  Milton, 
1740,  p.  211. 


144 


LEWIS  THEOBALD 


Theobald  did  exactly  the  same  things.  He  very  emphati 
cally  resented  Bentley's  new  departure.  Before  its  ap 
pearance  he  had  deprecated  the  great  scholar  undertaking 
a  work  wherein  the  ladies  and  children  were  prepared  to 
laugh  at  him.  After  he  had  examined  the  notes,  he  gave 
Warburton  his  estimate  of  the  production : 

You  want  my  opinion  you  say  on  Dr.  Bentley's  performance: 
and  I'll  give  it  you  freely,  but  under  the  Seal  of  Friendship; 
I  had  a  very  great  veneration  for  him  as  a  classical  Critic;  and  was 
very  much  afraid  of  his  descending  to  the  Levell  of  Women  and 
Children;  that  is,  of  his  putting  himself  in  the  Power  of  Coquets 
and  Toupets  to  discant  on.  He  has  not  infrequently,  you  know, 
run  riot  on  the  dead  Languages;  but  here,  to  use  the  Cibberian 
phrase,  he  has  outdone  his  usual  Outdoings.  He  had  never  cer 
tainly  attain'd  the  serious  Reputation  of  a  Critick,  si  sic  omnia 
Dixisset.  I  hope  he  does  not  write  maliciously  to  turn  the  Art 
into  Ridicule;  but  as  Rose  says  of  Sir  Martin  Mar-all  Indeed, 
he  has  a  rare  way  of  acting  a  Fool,  and  does  it  so  naturally,  it  can 
be  scarce  distinguish'd. 

So  ridiculous  appeared  the  notes  to  the  English  scholar  that 

he  entertained  fears  lest  they  were  written  to  ridicule  the 

art.    Well  might  he  fear  such,  for  if  the  great  classical  scholar 

made  such  an  appearance  in  an  English  author,  what  would 

ibe  the  value  placed  upon  his  own  work.     Furthermore  this 

I  edition   strengthened   the   growing   tendency   to   associate 

I  Theobald  with  Bentley.     Though  there  was  some  pleasure 

»  in  being  joined  with  so  great  a  man,  the  Milton  could  not 

but  cast  a  bad  light  on  the  coming  edition  of  Shakespeare. 

That  the  possible  injury  to  Theobald  was  seen  by  others 

is  evinced  by  the  fact  that  one  pamphlet  attacking  Bentley 

was  fathered  on  Theobald.92 

While  condemning  so  heartily  Bentley's  notes,  he  did  not 
disdain  in  the  privacy  of  the  same  letter  to  give  an  emenda- 

92  See  Appendix,  p.  299. 


145 

tion.  He  also  successfully  defended  the  text  against  one 
of  Bentley's  emendations.  The  latter  critic  could  not  under 
stand  Milton's  peculiar  use  of  the  word  " pernicious"  and 
advocated  a  change.  Theobald  showed  that  the  word  was 
not  derived  from  "pernicies"  but  from  "pernicitas,"  thereby 
defeating  the  classical  scholar  in  his  own  field. 

A  little  less  than  a  year  before  the  publication  of  Theo 
bald's  edition  of  Shakespeare,  there  appeared  a  poem  entitled  / 
Of  Verbal  Criticism,  issued  anonymously  but  written  by  / 
David  Mallet.     In  the  advertisement  to  the  poem  the  author  \ 
said  the  design  was  to  rally  the  abuse  of  verbal  criticism, 
and  in  the  process  he  could  not  overlook  the  editor  of  Milton 
or  the  restorer  of  Shakespeare.     The  poem,  he  claimed,  was 
written  several  months  before  its  publication,  but  he  had 
waited  until  the  subscription  for  the  new  edition  of  Shake 
speare  had  been  closed.     The  satire  was  addressed  to  Pope, 
though  the  author  asserted  that  it  had  been  written  without 
his  knowledge.93 

While  the  title  would  suggest  a  general  satire  on  the  science, 
the  attacks  are  made  almost  entirely  against  the  two  critics 
mentioned  in  the  advertisement.  Later  versions  of  the 
satire  tend  to  give  Bentley  a  more  prominent  place.  The 
poem  is  a  miserable  production,  most  of  the  charges  being 
taken  from  "  A  Fragment  of  Satire  "  and  The  Dundad.  The 
triviality  of  the  scholiast's  pursuits,  his  reading  of  obscure 
and  dull  authors,  his  clearing  up  of  minor  obscurities,  are 
all  stressed.  In  Bentley,  Mallet  sees  the  creator  of  the  school 
of  verbal  critics,  though  he  implies  that  in  his  edition  of 
Milton  the  critic  was  imitating  Theobald : 

"Yet  he,  prime  pattern  of  the  captious  art, 
Out-tibbalding  poor  Tibbald,  tops  his  part." 

There  was  nothing  new  in  the  attack.     The  same  things 
had  been  said  about  Bentley's  Horace  years  before,  which 
M  See  Lounsbury,  Text  of  Shakespeare,  pp.  434-436. 


146 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


were  then  but  a  variation  of  the  charges  brought  against 
the  Royal  Society.  In  that  age  scientific  investigation  and 
scholarly  methods  had  to  fight  for  existence. 

It  was  in  the  midst  of  feelings  engendered  by  attacks  of 
this  kind  that  Theobald's  edition  appeared.  It  was  success 
ful  in  spite  of  them.  Yet  the  feeling  against  textual  criticism 
continued  to  exist.  Fielding  made  a  belated  attack  on 
Bentley's  methods.94  Pope  enlarged  his  charges  in  the 
fourth  book  of  The  Dunciad.  George  Turnbull,  a  dissenting 
minister  with  an  interest  in  art,  upheld  the  larger  compre 
hension  of  the  thoughts  and  philosophy  of  the  ancients 
against  the  useless  study  of  words.95  One  of  the  last  blasts 
was  heard  in  Richard  Kurd's  letter  to  Jortin  On  the  Delicacy 
of  Friendship,  1755,  where  Pope's  charges  are  revived  and 
passages  from  his  works  quoted.  This  attack  on  Jortin 
was  as  unjust  as  it  was  uncalled  for,  yet  Warburton,  though 
Jortin's  friend,  hailed  it  with  glee,  and  transferred  his  affec 
tions  to  the  author.  Later  he  had  cause  to  rue  the  change, 
for  he  made  a  sorry  figure  in  his  quarrel  with  Hurd. 

After  the  death  of  Pope  the  opposition  began  to  weaken. 
Johnson  upheld  the  minute  study  of  texts,  though  uncertain 
about  conjecture;  he  wanted  to  hear  no  more  about  "the 
dull  duty  of  an  editor."  The  able  editors  of  Shakespeare 
of  the  last  quarter  of  the  century  placed  scholarship  in  a 
more  favorable  light.  So  far  had  the  victory  been  won, 
the  victory  of  Bentley  and  Theobald  against  the  poets  and 
wits,  that  at  the  end  of  the  century  Porson  could  claim  for 
verbal  criticism  a  high  place  in  the  activities  of  man.96 

94  See  the  notes  to  his  translation  of  Plutus,  and  Amelia,  Book  X, 
Chap.  1. 

96  See  Preface  to  his  Three  Dissertations,  1740,  and  Observations 
upon  Liberal  Education,  1742.  This  last  work  is  remarkable  in  that 
it  upholds  the  study  of  English  grammar  and  composition  against 
Latin  and  Greek. 

96  Museum  Criticum,  vol.  1,  p.  489. 


THE    PERIOD   OF    "THE   DUNCIAD  "  147 

But  in  spite  of  the  slanders  of  Pope  and  the  attacks  of 
his  flatterers,  Theobald's  reputation  did  not  wane.  Pro 
fessor  Lounsbury  has  shown  that  by  no  means  all  the 
"Dunces"  were  dunces,  and  that  instead  of  being  annihilated 
by  the  satire,  they  were  spurred  to  greater  activity.97  This 
was  essentially  true  of  Theobald.  The  man  who  continued 
to  enjoy  the  ardent  assistance  of  Lady  Delawar,  the  favor 
of  Sir  Robert  Walpole,  and  the  liberal  patronage  of  Lord 
Orrery  could  hardly  have  been  acclaimed  a  dunce.  Theo 
bald's  persistence  with  his  edition  of  Shakespeare,  the 
encouragement  he  received,  and  the  success  of  the  work 
can  point  only  to  one  conclusion.  But  striking  evidence  of 
the  ineffectuality  of  his  adversary's  abuse  is  seen  in  his 
candidacy  for  the  laureateship  in  December,  1730,  certainly 
not  the  action  of  a  man  crushed  in  spirit  and  reputation. 
He  was  introduced  by  Lord  Gage  to  Sir  Robert  Walpole, 
who  recommended  him  warmly  to  the  Duke  of  Grafton, 
the  Lord  Chamberlain,  and  this  recommendation  was 
seconded  by  the  Prince  of  Wales.  He  was  defeated,  how 
ever,  by  his  successor  in  The  Dunciad,  to  the  surprise  of 
many.98 

Theobald's  purpose  in  seeking  the  position  was  to  get  a 
competence  that  would  permit  him  to  pursue  his  work  on 
Shakespeare  unhampered  by  financial  cares.  After  his 
disappointment  he  asked  Warburton  whether  he  should 
spend  any  more  time  levee  hunting.99  But  though  he  failed 
in  his  object,  his  efforts  were  not  altogether  fruitless.  The 

97  Text  of  Shakespeare,  pp.  259  ff . 

98  "But  the  vogue  of  our  few  honest  folks  here  is,  that  Duck  is 
absolutely  to  succeed  Eusden  in  the  laurel,   the  Contention  being 
between  Concanen  or  Theobald,  or  some  other  hero  of  the  The  Dunciad." 
Swift's  letter  to  Gay,  November  19,  1730.     F.  E.  Ball,  The  Corres 
pondence  of  Jonathan  Swift,  vol.  4,  p.  180. 

99  Letter  dated  December,   1730.     Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Litera 
ture,  vol.  2,  p.  616. 


148 


LEWIS  THEOBALD 


favor  of  Walpole  had  a  good  effect  on  the  nobility,  who  were 
more  likely  to  side  with  wit  than  scholarship,  but  whose 
money  was  very  necessary  for  a  subscription.  In  the  dedica 
tion  to  his  Orestes,  Theobald,  after  thanking  Walpole  for 
his  kindness  in  recommending  him,  says  his  action 

ought  to  have  a  good  Effect  upon  our  Nobility,  by  curing  that 
false  and  ungenerous  Notion,  upon  which  they  proceed  when 
they  call  a  Man  dull,  because  he  is  poor;  and  poor  because  he  is 
dull:  A  piece  of  Sophistry  which  they  have  copied  from  some 
bad  Wits  among  us,  who  judge  in  their  own  Case  what  they  would 
allow  in  no  other;  and  consider  Success  as  the  only  Argument  and 
Test  of  Merit. 

Walpole  remained  Theobald's  friend  for  some  time  after 
the  appearance  of  his  Shakespeare,  but  never  granted  him 
what  he  so  much  wished,  —  a  pension. 

Soon  after  the  appearance  of  The  Dunciad  Theobald  de 
cided  on  a  course  of  action  from  which  he  never  swerved. 
This  course  was  not  to  answer  Pope's  scurrilities  with  the 
like,  but  to  rely  upon  his  edition  of  Shakespeare  to  wipe 
out  all  scores.100  That  he  felt  the  sting  of  Pope's  satire  is 
evident  enough  from  the  various  references  to  Pope  in  his 
private  correspondence  with  Warburton.  But  he  was  wise 
enough  to  know  that  in  one  field  only  could  he  get  the  better 
of  the  poet.  Once  indeed  he  was  almost  tempted  to  reply. 
In  a  letter  to  Warburton  he  outlines  his  plan : 

As  it  is  necessary  I  should  now  inform  the  publick,  that  I  mean 
to  attempt  to  give  them  an  Edition  of  that  Poet's  text,  together 
with  my  corrections,  I  have  concluded  to  give  this  notice,  not 
only  by  advertisements,  but  by  an  occasional  pamphlet,  which 
in  order  to  retaliate  some  of  our  Editor's  kindnesses  to  me,  I  mean 
to  call,  An  Essay  upon  Mr.  Pope's  Judgment,  extracted  from  his  own 

100  See  MisCs  Journal,  June  22,  1728;  Daily  Journal,  November, 
26,  1728;  and  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  pp.  248,  618, 
and  621. 


THE   PERIOD   OF   "THE   DUNCIAD"  149 

Works;  and  humbly  addressed  to  him.  In  this,  I  have  determined 
not  to  confine  myself  to  his  Shakespeare,  but  to  some  Criticisms 
that  he  has  made,  and  some  that  he  might  have  made  upon  Homer.101 

He  then  proposed  an  emendation  on  Eustathius.  War- 
burton  approved  of  his  design,  and  in  his  next  letter  Theo 
bald  sent  attacks  on  two  of  the  notes  to  the  translation.  It 
was  only  unwillingness  to  hurt  Broome,  who  had  assisted 
Pope,  that  kept  him  from  carrying  out  his  purpose,  though 
he  thought  he  saw  in  Broome's  verses  on  Pope's  Shakespeare 
a  tacit  insult  to  Shakespeare  Restored.  The  real  object 
in  this  undertaking,  besides  the  exposure  of  Pope's  ignorance, 
was  to  display  the  author's  own  ability  as  a  classical  scholar. 
Textual  criticism  in  English  had  not  established  itself,  and, 
as  later  in  the  preface  of  his  edition  of  Shakespeare,  Theo 
bald  thought  to  improve  his  reputation  in  a  more  orthodox 
field.  In  this  same  letter  he  says,  "I  have  been  so  fond  as 
to  exercise  this  office  in  some  other  language  besides  English." 

One  attack  on  Pope  has  been  attributed  to  Theobald,  but 
without  any  apparent  reason.  In  December,  1731,  the 
poem  Of  False  Taste  appeared.  The  immediate  suspicion  was 
that  the  Duke  of  Chandos  was  satirized  under  Timon.  The 
duke  evidently  thought  so,  too,  for  a  short  time  afterwards 
he  took  out  his  revenge  by  subscribing  for  four  sets  of  Theo 
bald's  edition  of  Shakespeare.102  The  following  month 
appeared  A  Miscellany  on  Taste,  written  to  satirize  Pope's 
taste  in  various  fields,  and  containing  among  other  things 
Theobald's  letter  to  The  Daily  Journal  of  April  17,  1729, 
introduced  to  show  Pope's  taste  in  Shakespeare.103  It  is 

101  See  Letters  dated  March  10,  March  17,  March  26,  1730.    Nichols, 
Illustrations  of  Literature,  pp.  551,  565,  581. 

102  See  Appendix,  p.  298.     The  animosities  aroused  by  Pope  assisted 
Theobald  in  his  subscriptions.     See  Reliquiae  Hearnianae,  vol.  3,  p.  142. 

103  if  Nichols  is  right  in  thinking  that   this  letter  was   addressed 
to  Concanen,  the  latter  probably  was  the  author  of  the  Miscellany, 
for  in  it  the  letter  is  headed  "To  the  Author." 


150  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

probable  that  the  work  has  been  ascribed  to  Theobald  on 
the  strength  of  this  letter,  since  all  other  evidence  seems 
to  point  against  the  ascription.  Only  a  few  days  before  its 
appearance  Theobald  had  occasion  to  write  to  Warburton 
about  Pope's  epistle;  he  mentions  and  quotes  one  attack 
on  it,  but  has  nothing  to  say  of  the  Miscellany. IM  It  hardly 
seems  possible  that  had  he  been  concerned  in  a  production 
that  was  so  soon  to  make  its  appearance,  he  would  have  said 
nothing  of  it  to  Warburton,  to  whom  he  readily  enough 
communicated  his  design  in  regard  to  the  contemplated 
essay  on  Pope's  judgment.  At  another  time  when  asked 
by  Warburton  concerning  the  authorship  of  an  anonymous 
pamphlet  he  replied  that  had  he  written  it,  he  would  have 
made  his  friend  his  confidant.105  Hence  it  is  reasonable  to 
suppose  he  would  have  followed  the  same  course  in  this  case. 
That  he  had  no  intention  of  attacking  Pope's  poem  is  evident 
from  the  following  passage  of  the  letter  written  about  the 
Epistle : 

'Tis  thought  by  some  here,  that  this  piece  has  not  contributed 
much  more  to  the  Credit  of  his  Poesie,  than  of  his  Morals;  but 
this  is  a  Criticism  I  do  not  take  upon  me  to  meddle  with.  I  men 
tion  it  only,  as  it  has  occasion'd  another  satirical  Poem  by  a  Gentle 
man  of  our  Faction,  Mr.  Welsted,  of  Dullness  and  Scandal. 

This  reliance  on  his  edition  to  answer  in  full  Pope's  charges 
of  stupidity  wrought  good  results  in  that  it  intensified  his 
study  of  Shakespeare's  plays.  But  he  was  subject  to  many 
interruptions  in  his  work,  most  of  which  were  due  to  the 
necessity  of  earning  a  livelihood ;  it  was  to  obviate  such 
hindrances  that  he  tried  to  secure  the  laureateship.  His 
legal  profession,  while  never  very  exacting,  required  a  cer 
tain  amount  of  time.106  About  the  middle  of  1730  he  was 

104  Letter  to  Warburton,  January  8,  1732.    Appendix  C. 

105  Letter  to  Warburton,  March  21,  1732.     Appendix  C. 

106  See  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  597. 


151 

incapacitated  for  a  month  because  of  a  broken  arm,  an 
accident  all  the  more  unfortunate  in  that  it  caused  him  to 
miss  seeing  Lady  Delawar,  who  at  that  time  was  arranging 
terms  with  Tonson. 

While  preparing  his  edition  of  Shakespeare  Theobald 
was  also  writing  for  the  stage.  In  November,  1729,  and 
January,  1730,  he  speaks  of  theatrical  affairs  interfering 
with  his  critical  labors.107  He  was  then  hard  at  work  upon 
his  Orestes,108  for  in  a  letter  of  February  10,  1730,  he  notifies 
War  burton  "that  Orestes  is  now  upon  a  Rehearsal;  and 
that  my  whole  present  time  from  morning  to  night,  is  em- 
ploy'd  in  a  Copy  by  his  Royal  Highness's  Command."  109 
Though  styled  an  opera,  the  production  is  really  a  drama, 
with  the  introduction  of  a  few  songs  and  dances.  Theobald 
confessed  to  Warburton  that  in  the  play  he  imitated  Shake 
speare,  especially  Macbeth  and  Lear;  it  might  also  be  noted 
that  some  passages  show  the  influence  of  Aeschylus.  While 
not  extraordinarily  successful,  the  play  was  by  no  means  a 
failure. 

During  the  summer  of  the  following  year  Theobald  con 
structed  another  tragedy,  some  selections  from  which  he 
sent  to  Warburton.  It  must  be  confessed  that  his  purpose 
was  mercenary  as  well  as  artistic : 

In  order  to  make  Domestic  affairs  run  as  smoothly  as  may  be, 
till  I  can  bring  this  greater  Affair  to  a  Crisis,  I  have  apply'd  my 
uneasie  Summer  Months  upon  the  Attempt  of  a  Tragedy.  Sit 
Verbo  venial  I  have  a  Design  upon  the  Ladies'  Eyes,  as  the  Pas 
sage  to  their  Pockets.110 

107  Idem,  vol.  2,  pp.  288,  401. 

108  Orestes :   A  Dramatic  Opera  As  it  is  Acted  at  the  Theatre-Royal 
in  Lincoln 's-Inn  Fields.     Written  by  Mr,  Theobald.     London :   Printed 
for  John  Watts  at  the  Printing  Office  in  Wild-Court,  near  Lincoln' s-Inn 
Fields.     MDCCXXXI. 

109  Appendix  C. 

110  Letter  dated  December  18,  1731.    Appendix  C. 


152 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


The  play  was  an  adaptation  of  The  Duchess  of  Malfi  under 
the  title  The  Fatal  Secret,111  but  with  the  names  of  Webster's 
characters  retained.  It  was  booked  to  appear  early  in  1732, 
but  since  Rich  had  fallen  into  difficulties,  Theobald  did  not 
press  the  matter.  In  a  letter  dated  March  10,  1733,  he  says, 
"I  have  for  some  Time  past  had  the  additional  Fatigue  of 
bringing  my  Tragedy  on  which  is  to  make  its  Appearance 
immediately  after  Easter  Holidays."  112 

Some  of  Theobald's  activities  lay  in  fields  that  could  offer 
no  financial  reward.  He  had  always  been  a  close  student 
of  the  classics,  and  success  in  textual  criticism  in  English 
authors  inspired  him,  as  we  have  seen,  to  include  the  classics 
in  his  field.  Near  the  end  of  1730  he  writes  Warburton 
that  he  has  gone  through  the  whole  of  Aristophanes  and  his 
scholiast.113  The  following  year  he  contributed  a  number  of 
emendations  on  Athenaeus,  Suidas,  Eustathius,  and  Aeschy 
lus  to  Jortin's  periodical  Miscellaneous  Observations  upon 
Authors.  Most  of  these  had  previously  been  communicated 
to  Warburton,  and  will  be  considered  in  another  chapter. 
In  this  same  periodical  appeared  his  emendations  on  Shake 
speare's  poems.114  Theobald  prefaced  this  article  with  an 
account  of  its  origin : 

111  The  Fatal  Secret,  a  tragedy.    London,  1735. 

112  Appendix  C. 

113  Appendix,  p.  276. 

114  Some  of  the  poems  are  not  Shakespeare's.     The  following  emen 
dations  are  generally  accepted  now. 

Venus  and  Adonis :  Stanza   153,    "Scowling"   for   "Scolding.'' 

Stanza  169,  "Stories"  shown  to  be  a  verb. 

Theobald's    change    of    "tombs"    to 

"domes"  is  not  accepted. 
Stanza  198,  "here  in  my  breast"  for  "here 

is  my  breast." 

Rape  of  Lucrece :       Stanza  5,  "ears"  for  "cares"  (ascribed  to 
Gildon). 


THE   PERIOD   OF   "THE   DUNCIAD"  153 

Upon  our  casually  talking  together  of  Shakespeare's  poems,  you 
ask'd  me  if  they  were  in  the  same  corrupt  state  as  his  Plays  are 
found  to  be;  and  whether  I  had  taken  notice  of  any  errors  in 
them.  I  told  you  I  had;  and  I  now  send  you  the  correction  of 
a  few  passages,  from  a  cursory  view,  in  which  they  have  suffered 
injury  from  the  Printer,  and  not  found  redress  from  the  Editor. 

In  spite  of  all  his  efforts,  there  is  no  doubt  that  at  times 
Theobald  keenly  felt  the  pinch  of  poverty.  Especially 
unfortunate  it  was  that  at  the  time  when  his  mind  should 
have  been  unembarrassed  with  financial  care,  he  was  worried 
and  harassed  with  making  ends  meet.  As  we  have  seen, 
he  speaks  of  "the  uneasie  months"  of  the  summer  of  1731, 
and  toward  the  end  of  the  year  he  communicates  his  hard 
ships  to  Warburton : 

Whelm'd  as  I  have  been  with  Distresses  (enough  to  sink  One  of 
my  obstinate  Phlegm)  yet  at  your  Instigation  I  have  rous'd  and 
exerted  [myself]  against  the  strongest  Attacks  of  Calamity.116 

A  month  later  he  is  in  even  worse  circumstances. 

I  have  received  the  pleasure  of  yours,  which  comes  fraught 
with  kindness  even  beyond  my  own  Prepossessions.  And  it  is 
no  small  comfort  to  me  to  find,  that  if  Extremity  be  the  Test  of 
Friendship,  as  it  has  ever  been  reckon'd,  I  have  one  sincere  and 
cordial  Friend  left  me  in  my  Extremity.  I  think  the  present 
Period  of  my  Life  may  timely  fall  under  that  Denomination;  for 
however  the  Affair,  which  I  am  now  bringing  to  bear  may  in  time 
retrieve  me  from  Necessities;  yet  at  present,  when  I  should  set 
down  with  a  Mind  and  Head  at  ease  and  disembarass'd,  the  Sever- 

Stanza    90,    "Hast    thou    command"    for 

"Ha'st  thou  commanded." 
Stanza  152,  "graft"  for  "grass." 

In  the  Passionate  Pilgrim  he  changes  "girdle"  to  "kirtle,"  and  sup 
ports  the  change  by  quotations  from  Chaucer,  Spenser,  Shakespeare, 
and  Jonson.     He  also  notices  that  from  this  poem  Milton  got  the 
thought  and  concluding  turn  for  II  Penseroso  and  V Allegro. 
116  Letter  to  Warburton,  October  30,  1731.     Appendix  C. 


154 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


ity  of  a  rich  Creditor  (and  therefore  the  more  unmercifull)  has 
strip'd  me  so  bare,  that  I  never  was  acquainted  with  such  Wants, 
since  I  knew  the  use  of  Money.  But  when  I  am  labouring  at  so 
much  Philosophy  in  practice,  as  to  persuade  myself,  not  to  feel 
Adversity;  I  am  angry  with  myself  for  giving  my  Friend  a  part 
of  that  Pain  which  I  am  professing  to  get  rid  of  in  my  Bosom. 
It  convinces  me  (tho'  I  wanted  not  the  Proof)  that  I  am  in  no 
degree  the  Philosopher.116 

Such  was  the  condition  of  the  man  whom  Pope,  ably 
assisted  by  the  "rich  creditor/'  was  pursuing  with  a  cold 
and  relentless  malice.  A  mighty  achievement  and  worthy 
of  the  man!  As  for  the  "one  sincere  and  cordial  friend" 
in  his  extremity,  who  was  at  the  time  enjoying  a  comfortable 
living  at  Newark  in  Nottinghamshire,  we  are  tempted  to 
forget  ourselves  in  our  indignation.  This  same  divine  a  few 
years  later  begrudged  his  friend  the  profits  of  his  edition, 
and  still  later  joined  in  the  chorus  of  detraction  and  false 
hood  from  which  Theobald's  reputation  has  so  long  suffered. 

This  period  marks  the  low  ebb  of  Theobald's  affairs.  Soon 
prospects  began  to  look  brighter,  owing  in  some  degree  to 
the  patronage  of  John  Boyle,  Earl  of  Orrery.  The  earl's 
father,  who  had  nominally  been  Bentley's  chief  opponent 
in  the  famous  controversy,  had  been  Theobald's  patron  in 
the  past,  and  to  him  the  scholar  had  dedicated  several  of 
his  early  productions.  In  later  years,  however,  he  seems 
to  have  forgotten  the  future  critic.  Soon  after  the  earl's 
death,  his  son  came  forward  with  aid.  In  a  letter  to  War- 
burton,  written  near  the  close  of  1731,  Theobald  speaks  of 
assistance  from  "my  good  friend  Lord  Orrery,"  a  phrase 
he  uses  a  number  of  times.117 

In  March  the  earl  placed  his  father's  letters  in  Theobald's 

116  Letter  to  Warburton,  November,  1731.     Appendix  C. 

117  Letter  to  Warburton,  December  18,  1731.    Appendix  C. 


155 

hands  to  be  regulated.118  The  late  earl  had  been  ambassador 
at  Brussels  during  the  latter  part  of  Queen  Anne's  reign,  so 
that  the  correspondence  represented  letters  from  many  of 
the  greatest  men  of  that  time.  Especially  was  Theobald 
delighted  with  the  correspondence  of  Bolingbroke,  who  did 
not  confine  himself  to  state  affairs.  The  tune  required  for 
the  task  detracted  from  Theobald's  study  but  aided  his 
finances.  A  month  or  two  later  he  addressed  An  Epistle 
to  Orrery  devoted  mainly  to  praise  of  the  earl's  father,119 
which  verses  Theobald  said  his  patron  made  golden  to  him.120 
The  dedication  of  all  seven  volumes  of  the  edition  of  Shake 
speare  to  the  lord  was  the  final  form  Theobald's  gratitude 
took,  and  for  this  he  was  handsomely  rewarded. 

118  Letter  to  Warburton,  March  21,  1732.    Appendix  C. 

119  See  Appendix,  p.  302. 

m  Letter  to  Warburton,  June  20,  1732.    Appendix  C. 


CHAPTER  V 

THE   EDITION   OF   SHAKESPEARE 

THEOBALD'S  edition  of  Shakespeare  was  slow  in  making 
its  appearance.  In  the  spring  of  1728  he  had  first  made 
known  his  purpose  of  publishing  remarks  on  all  the  plays. 
When  Pope's  second  edition  made  necessary  the  post 
ponement  of  publication,  the  work  was  promised  for  Janu 
ary  of  the  following  year.  For  some  reason  the  date  was 
again  postponed,  but  in  April  of  the  same  year  Theobald 
writes  Warburton  that  his  remarks  "will  now  shortly  appear 
in  the  World."1  Yet  no  volumes  were  forthcoming.  It 
is  possible  that  as  he  realized  how  he  had  underrated  the 
task  he  had  set  himself,  he  saw  that  more  time  was  impera 
tive.  It  is  also  probable  that  his  subscriptions  were  meeting 
with  such  success  as  to  inspire  him  with  the  more  ambitious 
purpose  of  editing  the  plays,  though  at  first  he  was  under 
the  impression  that  Tonson  had  the  right  of  property  in 
Shakespeare's  text.  Professor  Lounsbury  thinks  that  the 
subscriptions  to  the  Remarks  were  not  sufficient  to  justify 
Theobald  in  prosecuting  his  design ; 2  yet  in  November,  1729, 
he  speaks  of  Lady  Delawar's  assistance  among  the  nobility, 
and  of  having  the  honor  of  the  king's  name.3  It  is  more 
probable  that  the  success  of  his  subscriptions  encouraged 
him  to  the  larger  undertaking,  for  in  the  same  letter  he  says, 

1  Letter   of   April    15,    1729.     Nichols,    Illustrations   of  Literature, 
vol.  2,  p.  222. 

2  Text  of  Shakespeare,  p.  422. 

3  Letter  of  November  6,  1729.     Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature, 
vol.  2,  p.  254. 


THE   EDITION   OF   SHAKESPEARE  157 

"  I  may  venture  to  join  the  Text  to  my  Remarks."  By  March 
of  the  following  year  he  had  definitely  decided  to  edit  Shake 
speare.4 

At  this  time  Theobald,  having  read  through  the  eight 
volumes  of  Pope's  second  edition,  was  beginning  to  collect 
all  his  notes,  and  toward  this  end  he  asked  Warburton  to 
return  him  his  letters,  promising  to  send  them  back  if  they 
were  desired.5  He  had  made  such  progress  with  his  labors 
that  he  was  arranging  for  the  publication  of  the  edition. 

By  the  way  that  gentleman  [[Tonson]  and  I  are  coming  to  a  Treaty 
together.  He  has  been  with  my  Friend,  the  Lady  De  la  Warre, 
and  submitts  to  make  her  the  Arbitratress  of  Termes  betwixt  us 
for  my  publishing  an  edition  of  Shakespeare.  He  says,  a  brace 
of  hundreds  shan't  break  Agreements.  This  is  talking  boldly; 
and  I  wish  heartily  his  name  was  John.  I  shall  know  the  Issue 
in  about  a  fortnight;  and  so  soon  as  known,  with  great  pleasure 
communicate  it.6 

But  the  summer  wore  on,  and  no  agreement  was  made.  It 
is  possible  that  the  contract  would  have  been  closed  had 
Theobald  not  missed  seeing  Lady  Delawar  who  had  inter 
viewed  Tonson  before  she  left  for  the  country.7 

In  the  last  week  of  October  the  contract  with  Tonson 
was  finally  signed.  Out  of  the  depths  of  distress  and  dis 
couragement  Theobald  tells  Warburton  that 

The  Call  of  Reputation  so  justly  urged  by  my  Dearest  Friend, 
startled  me  from  my  Lethargy,  and  you'll  begin  to  think  I  have 

4  Letter  of  March  10,  1730.     Idem,  vol.  2,  p.  551. 
6  See  Appendix,  p.  265. 

6  Letter  of  April  25,  1730,  Appendix  C. 

7  This  lady  was  of  no  little  assistance  to  the  scholar.    She  carried 
her  labors  in  his  behalf  into  those  circles  to  which  he  had  no  access; 
the  large  number  of  nobility,  some  of  them  Pope's  friends,  who  sub 
scribed  to  the  edition,  was  in  great  part  due  to  her  efforts.     That  she 
was  watchful  for  Theobald's  interest  is  seen  in  the  excellent  terms  she 
finally  secured  from  Tonson. 


158  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

been  awake,  when  I  have  done  myself  the  Pleasure  to  let  you 
know,  I  have  at  last  fix'd  the  Proteus.  No  longer  ago  than  Thurs 
day,  Tonson  and  I  exchang'd  Articles  for  the  Publications  of  Shake 
speare.  Till  I  could  bring  this  agreeable  Point  to  bear,  I  was 
determined  to  be  silent;  and  do  me  the  justice  in  your  kind  thoughts 
to  believe,  that  neither  awkward  Disgust,  Disregard,  nor  Indolence 
have  kept  me  dumb:  but  only  the  strong  Desire  of  opening  my 
Correspondence  with  this  important  Piece  of  good  News,  upon 
which  I  know,  I  shall  have  your  heartiest  Congratulations.8 

Before  Lady  Delawar  had  approached  Tonson,  Theobald 
had  begun  negotiations  with  some  other  booksellers,  whose 
terms,  however,  were  so  much  more  unsatisfactory  than 
those  of  Pope's  publisher,  that  they  were  not  to  be  con 
sidered.  After  the  contract  with  Tonson  had  been  closed, 
these  publishers  complained  to  Warburton  of  the  treatment 
they  had  received.  In  response  to  Warburton's  query- 
about  the  matter  Theobald  wrote  in  the  same  letter, 

As  to  the  Booksellers,  Dear  Sir,  who  once  made  some  Overtures 
to  me,  you  hinted  that  they  complain'd  I  had  not  dealt  so  hon 
ourably  with  them.  I  fancy,  you  will  be  satisfied  I  can  turn  the 
Tables  upon  them,  when  I  tell  you,  Tonson  has  acceded  to  double 
the  Termes  they  offered  me.  I  was  by  their  Contract  to  have 
had  the  labouring  Oar  upon  me,  to  have  been  entitled  only  to  a 
first  Payment,  and  they  to  have  received  the  Second:  I  have  now 
closed  my  Agreement  to  have  the  Work  publish'd  in  6  Vols.  in 
8vo,  to  have  400  Copies,  compleat  in  Sheets,  delivered  me  on  a 
Genoa  paper,  free  from  all  Expence  whatever;  and  100  Copies 
more  on  Fine  Royal  Paper,  I  only  paying  for  the  Paper:  So  that 
if  I  can  have  my  compliment  of  Subscriptions,  the  small  paper 
will  bring  me  in  800  guineas;  and  the  Books  in  Royal  300  more: 
besides  which  I  have  reserved  the  Liberty  of  prefixing  a  Dedica 
tion  to  each  Volume. 

From  this  account  it  is  clear  that  the  booksellers  had  no 
case  at  all ;  they  were  simply  outbid.  They  may  have  joined 

8  Letter  of  October  30,  1730.     See  Appendix  C. 


THE    EDITION    OF   SHAKESPEARE  159 

with  Tonson  in  the  publication,  but  it  is  evident  that  Theo 
bald's  contract  was  with  Tonson  alone. 

These  liberal  terms  compare  most  favorably  with  the 
£215  Pope  received  for  his  edition.9  The  list  of  subscribers 
shows  that  Theobald  fell  short  of  his  complement  by  only 
two  sets,  which  probably  were  subscribed  for  with  the  under 
standing  that  the  subscriber's  name  should  not  appear  in  print. 
While  many  of  Pope's  friends  had  no  aversion  to  seeing  their 
names  in  the  edition,  there  must  have  been  a  few  who  feared 
to  incur  the  poet's  wrath.  It  was  with  great  difficulty  that 
Theobald  wrung  from  the  Earl  of  Tyrconnel  a  reluctant 
consent  to  publish  his  name.  For  this  reason  it  is  safe  to 
infer  that  the  editor  profited  to  the  extent  of  1100  guineas. 
When  to  this  sum  there  are  added  the  100  guineas  he  received 
from  Lord  Orrery  for  the  dedication  and  the  twenty  pounds 
from  the  Prince  of  Wales  for  his  set,  no  one  can  complain 
that  Theobald  did  not  receive  adequate  compensation.  At 
least  he  obtained  more  for  his  work  than  any  other  editor 
of  Shakespeare,  with  the  barely  possible  exception  of  Johnson. 

The  next  month  Pope,  reading  of  Tonson's  contract  with 
Theobald  in  The  Grub-street  Journal,  wrote  in  great  pertur 
bation  to  the  publisher  regarding  the  truth  of  the  notice. 
Tonson  replied  that  it  was  true,  excusing  himself  on  the 
ground  that  other  publishers  were  negotiating  with  Theo 
bald,  and  that  the  edition  would  be  brought  out  regardless 
of  his  part,  so  that  it  was  for  Pope's  interest  as  well  as  his 
own  that  he  should  be  one  of  the  publishers.10  The  poet  pre- 

9  It  is  worth  noting  how  eager  the  publishers  were  to  undertake  the 
"Dunce's"   edition.     That   a  scholar's  edition  should  appear  more 
profitable  than  a  poet's  is  a  significant  fact  in  the  history  of  English 
scholarship. 

10  This  was  not  the  motive  that  inspired  Tonson  to  underrate  the 
edition.    He  deliberately  outbid  the  others,  and  with  him  alone  were 
the  articles  drawn  up.     It  was  to  conceal  the  real  motive  that  he  had 
Theobald  change  a  passage  in  the  preface,  which  in  the  first  draft 


160  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

tended  to  be  satisfied  with  this  explanation,  since,  he  as 
serted,  it  was  possible  for  the  publisher  to  protect  his  repu 
tation.  He  soon  set  to  work,  however,  to  devise  a  scheme 
whereby  he  might  injure  his  adversary.  In  a  letter  ad 
dressed  to  the  younger  Tonson  he  enclosed  an  unsealed  letter 
to  the  publisher's  father,  in  which  he  spoke  of  having  a  plan 
whereby  not  only  Shakespeare  but  all  the  other  best  English 
poets  could  be  published  with  much  profit.  If  Tonson  read 
the  letter,  he  expressed  no  interest  in  the  project,  but  re 
turned  the  communication  to  Pope,  with  the  suggestion  that 
it  could  better  be  sent  direct  to  its  destination.  No  further 
mention  of  the  plan  was  made.11 

As  the  year  1731  drew  to  a  close,  Theobald,  considering 
his  critical  labors  over,  was  at  work  on  the  preface.12  He 
expected  the  edition  to  appear  early  in  the  following  year,13 
and  Tonson  had  told  him  that  already  there  were  great 
expectations  of  it.14  By  the  last  of  December  everything 
was  ready  for  the  printer,  upon  whom  the  editor  placed 
the  responsibility  for  the  early  publication  of  the  work: 
"To  guess  yet  at  the  likely  time  of  publication  is  impossible, 

read,  "I  must  do  him  [Tonson]  the  Justice  to  declare,  that  he  with 
great  Readiness  came  into  a  Treaty  with  me  for  this  Work;  But  having 
just  then  glutted  the  Trade  with  a  large  edition  by  Mr.  Pope  in  Twelves, 
he  frankly  told  me,  he  could  not  with  any  Face  or  Conscience,  pre 
tend  to  throw  out  another  Impression,  before  those  Books  were  a  little 
vended:  And  so  Time  was  unavoidably  lost."  (See  Appendix,  p.  284.) 
In  the  printed  passage  the  reason  for  delay  is  given  as  follows:  "The 
throwing  my  whole  Work  into  a  different  Form  to  comply  with  this 
proposal  was  not  the  slightest  Labour:  And  so  no  little  Tune  was 
unavoidably  lost." 

11  See  Lounsbury,  Text  of  Shakespeare,  pp.  241-245. 

12  See  Appendix,  pp.  283,  284,  and  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Litera 
ture,  vol.  2,  p.  62Q. 

18  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  621.     Warburton  said 
it  would  appear  by  March.     Nichols,  vol.  2,  p.  13. 
14  See  appendix,  p.  290. 


THE   EDITION   OF   SHAKESPEARE  161 

till  our  printers  give  us  experience  what  dispatch  they  can 
make  on  their  part."  16 

Nothing  was  heard  of  the  edition  for  nearly  a  year  when 
Theobald  informed  Warburton  that  Shakespeare  was 
groaning  under  two  presses.16  In  January  of  the  next  year 
he  speaks  of  "the  constant  Attachment  to  which  I  am 
pinned  down  in  the  correction  of  Shakespeare,"  and  later 
adds,  "My  Author  goes  on  apace;  and  I  hope  in  six  weeks 
the  Presses  will  get  through  the  seven  Volumes."  17  The 
number  of  volumes  had  been  increased  from  six  to  seven, 
owing  doubtless  to  the  expansion  of  his  notes.  Two  months 
later  he  shows  signs  of  impatience  at  the  delay:  "As  to 
Shakespeare,  I  thank  God,  I  am  now  venturing  to  advertise 
that  it  will  be  ready  to  be  deliver'd  to  the  Subscribers  by 
the  latter  end  of  next  Month."  18  He  then  adds  that  he  has 
had  the  luck  to  enrich  his  "list  with  her  Royal  Highness, 
the  Princess  Royal,  and  many  Names  of  the  highest  Dis 
tinction." 

May  came  and  went,  and  still  no  edition.  In  June  Theo 
bald  gave  Warburton  a  full  explanation  of  the  cause  of  the 
delay.  After  explaining  his  lapse  in  the  correspondence 
on  the  ground  that  he  was  waiting  until  his  edition  was 
printed,  he  adds, 

But  such  has  been  the  State  of  Printing  with  us  the  last  Season 
that  with  all  the  Industry  and  Sollicitation  imaginable  on  my 

16  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  626.  The  date  of 
the  letter  is  missing,  but  it  lies  between  December  18,  1731,  and  the 
end  of  the  year. 

16  Letter  of  September  19,  1732.    Appendix  C. 

17  Letter  of  January  10,  1733.    Appendix  C.     The  fourth  day  of 
the  following  month  Warburton  wrote  Stukely,  "If  you  have  an  op 
portunity,   pray   ask   Watts,    by-the-by,   when   Theobald's    Shakes 
peare  is  like  to  come  out."     Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2, 
p.  19. 

18  Letter  to  Warburton,  March  10,  1733.    Appendix  C. 


162 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


part,  I  have  not  yet  been  able  to  bring  it  to  the  wish'd  Period. 
However,  the  Comfort  is,  Hamlet  and  Othello  are  All  that  want 
to  be  completed.  The  Source  of  this  slow  Proceeding,  Dear  Sir, 
has  been  this.  The  great  number  of  our  weekly  Subscriptions, 
set  on  Foot  by  Journeymen  Printers  has  caus'd  such  a  general 
Desertion  of  them  from  the  established  Presses,  and  rendered 
them  so  very  peremptory  and  insolent,  that  it  has  been  half  the 
Work  of  the  Printers  to  hawk  out  for  Men;  so  that  tho'  I  received 
8  Sheets  per  Week  from  each  Press  at  my  setting  out,  that  Num 
ber  has  been  too  often  reduc'd  to  two.  This  is  a  Fact  so  well 
known  with  us  in  Town,  that  as  I  advertised  that  compleat  Volumes 
might  be  seen  at  my  House,  to  the  Intent  the  Diffident  might  have 
the  Opportunity  of  convincing  themselves,  I  hope  my  Subscribers 
will  do  me  the  Justice  to  make  this  Distinction  that  I  am  the 
Editor,  and  not  the  Printer;  so,  at  least  they  will  allow  for  a  Delay 
which  cannot  be  thrown  at  my  Door;  and  so,  not  be  too  busie 
with  my  Reputation.19 

When  Warburton,  beginning  to  get  uneasy  over  the 
postponement  of  the  edition,  took  occasion  to  write  Theo 
bald  about  the  matter,  the  latter  replied,  "I  thank  God, 
the  7  Volumes  are  quite  printed  off,  and  nothing  remaining 
to  do  but  the  Dedication,  Preface  and  List."  20  Later  in 
October  it  was  promised  that  Shakespeare  would  be  published 
sometime  in  November.21  Yet  the  year  came  to  a  close 
without  witnessing  the  appearance  of  the  work.  At  last, 
in  January  of  1734,  it  reached  the  public,  copies  being  de 
livered  to  subscribers  at  Theobald's  home  in  Great  Russel 
Street. 

In  the  printed  preface  Theobald  attributed  the  delay  to 
his  change  in  plan  and  to  his  disinclination  to  hurry  anything 
crude  into  the  world.  Yet  from  the  above  account  it  seems 
clear  that  the  slow  process  through  which  the  edition  went 

19  Letter  of  June  30,  1733.     Appendix  C. 

20  Letter  of  October  17,  1733.     Appendix  C. 

21  Letter  of  October  25,  1733.    Appendix  C. 


THE   EDITION   OF   SHAKESPEARE  163 

was  due  rather  to  the  publishers  than  to  the  editor's  own 
desires  or  necessities.  Tonson's  unwillingness  to  issue 
the  volumes  before  he  had  disposed  of  Pope's  second  edition 
and  the  difficulty  experienced  in  the  printing  explain  the 
apparent  procrastination.  There  is  no  doubt  that  the  edi 
tion  profited  by  the  delay,  for  Theobald  continued  at  his 
labors  up  to  the  last  minute,  but  it  was  not  of  his  own 
choosing. 

In  discussing  the  edition  it  first  becomes  necessary  to  trace 
the  development  of  the  preface,  for  that  part  of  the  work 
has  been  made  the  basis  of  an  unjust  accusation  of  theft. 
When  Warburton  heard  that  an  agreement  had  been  reached 
with  Tonson,  he  expressed  anxiety  as  to  the  preface  the  editor 
might  prefix  to  the  production.  There  seems  no  reason 
to  doubt  that  as  early  as  this  the  egotistical  clergyman  had 
designs  on  that  part  of  the  work.  If  so,  Theobald  easily 
fell  into  the  trap. 

I  am  extremely  obliged,  for  the  tender  concern  you  have  for 
my  reputation  in  what  I  am  to  prefix  to  my  Edition:  and  this 
part,  as  it  will  come  last  in  play,  I  shall  certainly  be  so  kind  to 
myself  to  communicate  in  due  time  to  your  perusal.  The  whole 
affair  of  Prolegomena  I  have  determined  to  soften  into  a  Preface. 
.  .  .  But,  Dear  Sir,  will  you  at  your  leisure  hours,  think  over  for 
me  upon  the  contents,  topics,  orders,  etc.,  of  this  branch  of  my 
labour?  You  have  a  comprehensive  memory  and  a  happiness  of 
digesting  the  matter  joined  to  it,  which  my  head  is  often  too  much 
embarrassed  to  perform;  let  that  be  the  excuse  for  my  inability. 
But  how  unreasonable  is  it  to  expect  this  labour,  when  it  is  the 
only  part  in  which  I  shall  not  be  able  to  be  just  to  my  friends: 
for,  to  confess  assistance  in  a  Preface  will,  I  am  afraid,  make  me 
appear  too  naked.22 

22  Letter  of  November  18,  1731.  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature, 
vol.  2,  p.  621.  This  letter  was  among  those  returned  to  Theobald, 
but  Warburton  was  careful  to  make  a  transcript  of  it,  which  he  placed 
with  the  letters  he  had  retained.  See  Appendix,  p.  344. 


164  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

This  last  sentence  ran  counter  to  Warburton's  desire,  but 
had  he  been  unwilling  to  proceed  on  these  terms,  he  should 
have  stated  his  objections. 

The  ambitious  divine,  however,  acquiesced  so  completely 
in  Theobald's  proposal  that  the  latter  hastened  to  com 
municate  what  he  had  done  on  the  preface : 

I  received  by  your  Last  (no.  Ill)  of  the  22  of  Nov.  your  kind 
Assurances  with  Regard  to  my  Preface;  the  contents  of  which 
I  am  endeavouring  to  modell  in  my  Head,  in  order  to  communicate 
them  to  you,  for  your  Directions  &  Refinement.  I  have  already 
rough-hewn  the  Exordium  and  Conclusion:  the  Latter  of  which 
I  now  send  you  a  Transcript  of,  to  shew  you  how  methodical  I 
am;  and  by  my  next,  I  shall  submit  the  Opening  to  your  Perusal. 
I  beg  earnestly,  Dear  Sir,  you  will  not  be  tender  of  altering,  every 
where  (except  in  my  Acknowledgments  to  my  Friends);  I  would 
have  the  Whole  both  amuse  and  strike.  What  I  shall  send  you 
from  Time  to  Time,  I  look  upon  only  as  Materials:  which  I  hope 
may  grow  into  a  fine  Building  under  your  judicious  Management. 
In  short,  Dirue,  aedifica,  muta  quadrata  rotundis,  etc.23 

Since  I  have  not  been  able  to  find  Theobald's  next  letter, 
it  is  impossible  to  say  how  much  of  the  preface  he  com 
municated  to  his  assistant. 

Upon  reading  the  parts  communicated  to  him,  Warburton 
made  several  criticisms  in  which  Theobald  immediately 
acquiesced.  When  the  squeamish  divine  expressed  a  fear 
that  certain  prejudices  might  be  aroused  by  a  clergyman 
engaging  in  criticisms  of  this  kind,  his  friend  removed  a 
phrase  about  his  becoming  "a  Labourer  in  the  Vineyard," 
and  promised  to  submit  to  his  approval  everything  that 
should  be  said  upon  that  head,  as  well  as  the  other  contents 
of  the  preface.24  Fault  was  also  found  with  the  disconnected 

23  Letter  of  December  4, 1731.    Appendix  C. 

24  Cf.  Preface  to  Warburton's  edition  of  Shakespeare,  1747. 


THE   EDITION   OF   SHAKESPEARE  165 

nature  of  the  specimens  presented,  to  which  Theobald  re 
plied  : 

I  make  no  Question  of  my  being  wrong  in  the  disjointed  Parts  of 
my  Preface,  but  my  Intention  was,  (after  I  had  given  you  the  Con 
clusion,  and  the  Manner  in  which  I  meant  to  start)  to  give 
you  a  List  of  all  the  other  general  Heads  designed  to  be  handled, 
then  to  transmit  to  you,  at  proper  Leisure,  my  rough  Working 
off  of  each  respective  Head,  that  you  might  have  the  Trouble  only 
of  refining  and  embellishing  with  additional  Inrichments;  of  the 
general  Arrangement,  which  you  should  think  best  for  the  whole; 
and  of  making  the  proper  Transitions  from  Subject  to  Subject, 
which  I  account  no  inconsiderable  Beauty.  If  you  think  right 
to  indulge  me  in  this  Scheme  my  next  shall  be  employ'd  in  Prose 
cution  of  it.25 

This  proposal  evidently  met  with  Warburton's  approval, 
for  in  his  next  letter  Theobald  says:  "I  intend  very  soon 
to  trouble  you  with  a  prosecution  of  the  Preface."  26  Since 
there  has  been  discovered  no  letter  giving  the  topics  to  be 
discussed,  it  is  impossible  to  say  just  how  large  was  War- 
burton's  contribution  to  the  preface. 

In  the  same  letter  the  editor  first  mentioned  his  purpose 
of  inserting  classical  emendations  in  the  preface  and  notes 
to  his  edition  of  the  dramatist,  a  procedure  that  has  gained 
him  the  charge  of  pedantry  from  his  time  to  ours.  Yet 
even  in  regard  to  this  matter  he  was  careful  to  ask  his  friend's 
advice,  at  the  same  time  cautioning  him  against  too  ready 
an  approval,  for  he  felt  that  every  opportunity  of  decrying 
him  as  a  pedant  would  be  seized. 

The  occasional  Insertion  of  a  few  Emendations  from  some  Greek 
Authors,  I  certainly  think  may  be  of  signal  Service  to  my  Repu 
tation:  if  you  think  they  may  safely  be  interspers'd  without  sus 
picion  of  Pedantry.  I  would  not  voluntarily  draw  that  Ridicule 

28  Letter  of  December  18,  1731.    Appendix  C. 

26  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  621.  The  date  of 
the  letter  lies  between  December  18,  1731,  and  the  end  of  the  year. 


166 

upon  me  from  the  Sneerers.  .You  are  anxious,  Dear  Sir,  for  every 
Part  of  my  Character:  but  do  not  let  me,  like  a  Fondling,  be  dress'd 
up  in  too  glaring  colours.  To  be  a  little  diffident,  will  secure 
one  from  much  Envy  and  Detraction. 

In  spite  of  the  caution  his  friend  thought  they  could  be  in 
serted  without  seeming  pedantic.  Not  only  did  War- 
burton  approve,  he  actually  encouraged  the  unfortunate 
editor  in  following  this  wholly  unnecessary  course.27 

For  over  a  year  the  preface  does  not  figure  in  the  cor 
respondence,  but  early  in  1733  Theobald  writes  that  he  will 
shortly  "sit  down  upon  that  fine  Synopsis,  which  you  so 
modestly  call  the  Skeleton  of  a  Preface. " 28  It  is  hard  to 
tell  exactly  what  is  meant  here  by  Synopsis  or  Skeleton, 
but  it  is  plain  that  by  no  stretching  of  the  terms  can  they 
be  forced  to  signify  anything  finished.  Yet  that  Theobald 
took  over  passages  from  Warburton  cannot  be  denied.  The 
latter,  although  fully  aware  of  the  terms  upon  which  he  was 
assisting  his  correspondent,  had  not  hesitated  to  mention 
to  some  of  his  friends  his  participation  in  the  work.  Thus 
when  he  saw  the  printed  preface,  he  at  once  informed  the 
editor  that  it  contained  passages  which  his  friends  knew 
to  be  his.  It  is  not  improbable  that  he  was  trying  to  force 
Theobald  to  make  a  public  acknowledgment  of  his  assistance, 
as  indeed  the  editor  might  have  done. 

If  this  was  his  intent,  he  was  unsuccessful,  for  Theobald 
replied,  with  unnecessary  modesty  for  himself  and  un 
warrantable  admiration  for  his  friend,  "Let  those  preac- 
quainted  Friends  frankly  know,  I  embraced  them  in  a  just 
preference  to  what  I  could  myself  produce  on  the  Subject." 
Then  he  adds,  as  if  divining  Warburton's  motive,  "Nor 
would  I  have  chose  tacitly  to  usurp  the  Reputation  of  them, 
but  as  I  formerly  hinted,  and  you  joined  with  me  in  senti- 

27  See  Letter  of  September  17,  1732.    Appendix  C. 

28  Letter  of  January  10,  1733.     Appendix  C. 


THE   EDITION   OF   SHAKESPEARE*  167 

ment,  it  would  have  looked  too  poor  to  have  confessed 
Assistance  towards  so  slight  a  Fabrick  as  my  Preface."  29 

Yet  Warburton  was  not  content  to  let  his  part  in  the 
performance  go  unrecorded.  In  his  copy  of  Theobald's 
Shakespeare  he  marked  all  the  passages  which  he  considered 
his  own.  Upon  this  basis  Mr.  Smith  accuses  the  scholar  of 
dullness  and  theft,  the  first  because  he  called  upon  his  friend 
for  assistance,  the  second  because  he  did  not  publicly  ac 
knowledge  that  assistance.30  It  was  only  an  habitual  lack 
of  self-confidence  and  a  greatly  exaggerated  idea  of  his 
friend's  ability  that  made  Theobald  quick  to  take  advantage 
of  the  insinuated  offer  of  help.  As  for  "theft,"  if  the  accept 
ing  what  is  freely  given,  with  the  mutual  understanding 
that  no  open  acknowledgment  can  be  made,  comes  under 
that  head,  he  is  guilty.  From  our  point  of  view  the  editor 
should  not  have  taken  credit  for  what  was  not  his,  but  some 
term  other  than  the  one  given  above  must  be  used  to  express 
the  fault. 

Mr.  Smith  has  taken  some  pains  to  show  that  Warburton 
was  truthful  in  the  passages  he  marked,  pointing  out  that 
four  of  the  thirteen  can  be  proved  his,  and  expressing  the 
belief  that  we  have  no  reason  to  doubt  the  others.  He 
thinks  Theobald  confirmed  the  authenticity  of  Warburton's 
claims  by  omitting  in  his  second  edition  several  passages 
either  claimed  by  Warburton  or  known  to  be  his.  Since 
the  editor  omitted  some  passages  that  were  not  claimed  by 
his  assistant  and  retained  some  that  were,  little  reliance 
can  be  placed  upon  evidence  of  this  kind.  Yet  from  what 
I  have  learned  of  Theobald's  nature,  I  think  it  probable 
that,  after  his  break  with  his  friend,  he  omitted  all  the  pass 
ages  not  his  own. 

29  Letter  of  March  5,  1734.     Appendix  C. 

30  D.  Nichol  Smith,  Eighteenth-century  Essays  on  Shakespeare,  1903, 
Introduction  and  Preface. 


168 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


If  this  is  true,  Warburton  claimed  more  than  his  share. 
In  one  instance,  at  least,  some  proof  is  available.  War- 
burton  marked  the  passage  explaining  the  difference  be 
tween  Theobald's  edition  and  Bentley's  Milton.  After 
the  publication  of  Shakespeare,  Theobald,  being  somewhat 
fearful  of  the  way  Bentley  might  receive  the  distinction, 
wrote  as  follows : 

As  to  Dr.  Bentley  (whatever  the  penetration  of  some  readers  may 
divine  on  this  head)  in  shaking  off  the  Similitude  betwixt  our 
Tasks,  I  hope  that  neither  he,  nor  his  Friends  will  see  cause  to  sus 
pect  any  Sneer.  The  Stating  the  Difference  was  absolutely  neces 
sary  on  my  own  side,  and  I  think  I  have  avoided  saying  anything 
derogatory  on  his.31 

This  last  sentence  forces  the  belief  that  Theobald  was  the 
author  of  the  passage ;  had  he  received  assistance  from  his 
friend,  some  mention  of  it  would  have  been  made. 

While  a  few  of  Warburton's  observations  may  be  acute, 
Theobald's  reputation  would  not  have  suffered  much,  had 
he  been  denied  his  friend's  assistance.  In  fact,  he  has  suf 
fered  more  in  receiving  it,  for  Warburton  was  not  high- 
minded  enough  to  keep  silent  about  a  gift  he  freely  made. 
A  little  over  a  year  after  he  broke  with  Theobald,  he  wrote 
the  Reverend  Thomas  Birch, 

You  will  see  in  Theobald's  heap  of  disjointed  stuff,  which  he  calls 
a  Preface  to  Shakespeare,  an  observation  upon  those  poems  which 
I  made  to  him,  and  which  he  did  not  understand,  and  so  has  made 
it  a  good  deal  obscure  by  contracting  my  note;  for  you  must 
understand  that  almost  all  that  Preface  (except  what  relates  to 
Shakespeare's  Life,  and  the  foolish  Greek  conjectures  at  the  end) 
was  made  up  of  notes  I  sent  him  on  particular  passages  which  he 
has  there  stitched  together  without  head  or  tail.32 


31  See  Appendix,  p.  324. 

32  Letter  dated  November  24,  1737. 
erature,  vol.  2,  p.  81. 


Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Lit- 


THE   EDITION   OF   SHAKESPEARE  169 

This  was  a  gross  exaggeration  of  Warburton's  part  in  the 
treatise,  as  well  as  too  harsh  a  criticism  of  Theobald's.  The 
poems  referred  to  are  L' Allegro  and  IlPenseroso,  and  Johnson 
later,  in  his  life  of  Milton,  showed  the  observation  to  be  in 
correct.  Furthermore,  having  encouraged  Theobald  to 
throw  in  "the  foolish  Greek  notes,"  he  had  approved  of 
them  when  they  appeared.33  Whether  he  approved  or  dis 
approved  of  the  notes  is  of  no  moment,  for  his  Greek  was 
not  sufficient  to  make  him  a  competent  judge,  but  the 
complete  change  in  opinion  is  only  another  instance  of  that 
gentleman's  character,  interesting  in  this  case  in  that  it 
shows  his  opposition  to  Theobald  even  before  he  became 
associated  with  Pope. 

These  Greek  notes  —  and  they  have  been  condemned  by 
all  the  students  of  the  edition  —  are  ostensibly  inserted  to 
uphold  the  value  of  literal  criticism.  The  real  reason, 
however,  for  their  insertion  was,  as  Theobald  confessed,34 
to  help  his  reputation.  To  us  who  live  at  a  time  when 
scholarship  in  English  letters  is  based  on  a  sound  foundation 
of  respect,  these  critical  attempts  in  an  alien  field  seem 
entirely  out  of  place,  but  when  Theobald  wrote,  he  was 
really  the  first  to  examine  critically  an  English  text.  The 
classics  had  long  been  the  subject  of  investigation  by 
scholars,  and  Bentley  had  given  a  great  impetus  to  textual 
criticism.  Yet  even  the  dignity  of  classical  studies  had 
not  been  sufficient  to  prevent  the  attacks  of  satirists.  What, 
then,  was  Theobald  to  expect,  who,  by  undertaking  a  task 
devoid  of  the  sanction  of  tradition,  had  laid  himself  all  the 
more  open  to  satire?  Thus  it  is  only  natural  that  he  should 
have  attempted  to  defend  himself  by  showing  his  ability 
in  a  subject  which  the  public  regarded  with  some  favor. 

33  "I  am  very  glad  the  Greek  Criticisms  strike  you."    Theobald's 
letter  to  Warburton  dated  March  5,  1734.    Appendix  C. 

34  See  ante,  p.  165. 


170 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


The  preface,  though  not  bad,  is  by  no  means  extraordinary. 
The  life  of  Shakespeare,  with  which  it  begins,  is  mainly  from 
Howe's  account.  This  is  followed  by  a  discussion  of  Shake 
speare's  character  as  a  writer,  including  his  love  of  music 
and  knowledge  of  nature.  To  throw  light  on  the  latter, 
the  dramatist  is  compared  with  Milton,  Addison,  and 
Jonson.  Shakespeare's  learning  is  subjected  to  a  short 
and  indecisive  discussion,  in  which  attention  is  called  to 
his  use  of  Latin  derivatives.  Then  follow  in  rapid  succession 
the  disadvantages  under  which  the  poet's  reputation  rested, 
reasons  for  corruptions  in  the  text,  and  the  method  of  curing 
them.  There  is  also  a  rather  extended  defense  of  verbal 
criticism,  the  editor  replying  most  energetically  to  Mallet's 
poem  Of  Verbal  Criticism.  The  preface  closes  with  the 
Greek  notes  and  an  acknowledgment  of  assistance,  in  which 
he  is  especially  eulogistic  of  Warburton. 

It  is  not  upon  the  preface  that  Theobald's  reputation 
rests,  but  upon  the  edition  proper.  This  was  a  success 
because  he  brought  to  his  task  the  true  idea  of  an  editor's 
duty,  and  enunciated  and  employed  a  method  that  was  sure 
to  gain  results.  Early  in  his  correspondence  he  made  clear 
to  Warburton  his  conviction  concerning  fidelity  to  the  text. 
"I  ever  labour,"  he  writes,  "to  make  the  smallest  devia 
tions  that  I  can  possibly  from  the  text ;  never  to  alter  at  all, 
where  I  can  by  any  means  explain  a  passage  into  sense; 
nor  even  by  any  emendations  to  make  the  author  better 
where  it  is  probable  the  text  came  from  his  hands."  36  A 
note  in  the  edition  reads  to  the  same  effect:  "where  the 
Authority  of  all  Books  makes  the  Poet  commit  a  Blunder, 
(whose  general  Character  it  is,  not  to  be  very  exact;)  tis 
the  Duty  of  an  Editor  to  shew  him  as  he  is  and  to  detect 
all  fraudulent  tampering  to  make  him  better."  36  It  was 

36  Letter  of  April  8,  1729.  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature, 
vol.  2,  p.  210.  »  Vol.  4,  p.  112. 


THE   EDITION   OF   SHAKESPEARE  171 

this  conscientious  scruple  that  made  him  restore  to  their 
proper  places  the  passages  Pope  had  degraded.  Since  few 
men  are  as  good  as  their  creed,  it  is  not  surprising  to  find 
Theobald  departing  at  times  from  this  high  standard,  yet 
the  spirit  of  such  a  conviction  is  seen  throughout  the  whole 
work. 

He  also  realized  that  it  was  incumbent  upon  an  editor 
to  be  thorough  in  whatever  he  undertook.  In  his  intended 
essay  on  Pope's  judgment,  he  rebuked  the  poet's  own  hap 
hazard  methods  with  the  assurance  that  "we  word-catchers, 
Sir,  are  a  strange  species  of  animals  that  love  to  go  thorough- 
stitch  with  everything  we  take  in  hand."  87  Against  Pope's 
strictures  about  his  restoring  lost  puns,  he  dauntlessly  replied, 
"Tho'  my  Correction  restores  but  a  poor  Conundrum,  yet 
if  it  restores  the  Poet's  Meaning,  it  is  the  Duty  of  an  Editor 
to  trace  him  in  his  lowest  Conceits." 38  This  scholarly 
feeling  for  thoroughness  constantly  appears  in.  his  private 
correspondence.  When  he  falls  short  of  his  ideal,  it  is  owing 
chiefly  to  the  lack  of  materials  rather  than  to  indolence. 

Not  only  was  Theobald  the  first  to  insist  that  the  editor 
of  an  English  classic  had  any  duties  at  all;  he  was  the  first 
to  analyze  the  work  to  be  done.  In  his  preface  he  divides 
an  editor's  province  into  three  divisions  :  the  emendations  of 
corrupt  passages;  the  explanation  of  obscure  or  difficult 
ones ;  and  an  inquiry  into  the  beauties  and  defects  of  com 
position.  This  last,  more  strictly  termed  "  literary  criticism," 
he  hinted,  did  not  necessarily  belong  to  an  editor,  and  since 
it  required  no  special  qualifications  of  learning,  was  open 
to  all  who  were  willing.  What  Theobald  was  concerned 
with  —  what  every  editor  is  primarily  pledged  to  —  was  to 
give  the  best  text  possible  illuminated  with  all  necessary 
explanations.  By  emendation  he  meant  not  only  correcting 

37  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  554. 
18  Edition  of  Shakespeare,  vol.  2,  p.  149. 


172 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


by  conjecture,  but  also  the  restoring,  by  collation,  of  a  better 
variant  reading. 

After  this  analysis  Theobald  points  out  the  method  by 
which  he  gained  the  ends  mentioned  above.  To  establish  a 
correct  text  he  first  resorted  to  "a  diligent  and  laborious 
Collation"  of  the  old  copies.  Then  he  collated  the  plays 
with  their  respective  sources,  chronicle,  classic  story,  or 
Italian  novella.  If  an  obscurity  still  remained,  and  its 
sense  could  be  restored  by  a  slight  alteration  of  the  text, 
he  thought  the  change  could  be  made  without  the  necessity 
of  proof  beyond  common  sense.  But  when  it  was  necessary 
to  take  a  greater  liberty  with  the  original,  he  was  careful 
to  support  his  emendation  with  parallel  passages  and  au 
thorities  from  Shakespeare,  which  he  says,  repeating  the 
conviction  expressed  in  Shakespeare  Restored,  was  "the 
surest  Means  of  expounding  any  Author  whatsoever. " 
As  regards  the  method  employed  in  the  explanatory  notes, 
he  held  that  since  the  obscurities  in  Shakespeare  are  due  to 
the  times  in  which  he  lived,  the  kind  of  writing  he  followed, 
and  his  own  peculiar  nature,  to  be  able  to  explain  the  ob 
scurities  of  the  first  class  an  editor  must  "be  well  vers'd 
in  the  History  and  Manners  of  his  Author's  Age"  ;  to  explain 
the  second  class  he  must  have  a  wide  acquaintance  with  the 
dramatic  poets;  while  to  explain  the  last  he  should  be 
intimately  acquainted  with  Shakespeare's  style  and  phrase 
ology,  as  well  as  possessing  a  deep  insight  into  his  genius. 

Never  before  had  even  the  need  of  research  in  editing 
an  English  text  been  emphasized,  to  say  nothing  of  any 
plan  of  procedure.  Thus  the  preface  may  justly  be  con 
sidered  the  first  expression  of  the  modern  method  employed 
in  critical  editions.  Yet  Theobald  claimed  the  credit  not 
of  originating  but  only  of  adapting  this  method  to  a  new 
field.  Amplifying  the  opinions  he  had  expressed  in  his 
first  critical  effort,  he  traces  his  plan  to  its  true  source : 


THE   EDITION   OF   SHAKESPEARE  173 

Shakespeare's  Case  has  in  great  Measure  resembled  that  of  a  cor 
rupt  Classic;  and,  consequently,  the  Method  of  Cure  was  likewise 
to  bear  a  Resemblance.  By  what  means,  and  with  what  Success, 
this  Cure  has  been  effected  on  ancient  Writers,  is  too  well  known, 
and  needs  no  formal  Illustration.  The  Reputation  consequent 
on  Tasks  of  that  Nature  invited  me  to  attempt  the  Method  here; 
with  this  View,  the  Hopes  of  restoring  to  the  Public  their  greatest 
Poet  in  his  Original  Purity:  After  having  so  long  lain  in  a  Condition 
that  was  a  Disgrace  to  common  Sense.39 

In  the  next  sentence,  however,  Theobald  lays  claim  to  a  just 
credit  of  originality:  "To  this  End  I  have  ventured  on  a 
Labour,  that  is  the  first  Assay  of  the  kind  on  any  modern 
Author  whatsoever."  And  it  was,  for  Pope's  edition, 
whatever  its  intentions,  must  be  considered  a  failure  both 
in  method  and  results,  while  Bentley's  Milton  cannot  be 
taken  seriously,  though  Theobald  thought  it  necessary  to 
point  out  that  "that  Great  Man"  was  more  concerned  in 
showing  how  Milton  should  have  written  than  how  he  did 
write,  the  most  plausible  excuse  possible,  but  still  absurd. 

Since  the  method  was  drawn  from  the  classics,  a  model 
had  to  be  derived  from  the  same  source.  As  would  be 
expected,  the  editor  turns  to  the  man  from  whom  he  had 
learned  so  much.  "I  mean  to  follow  the  form  of  Bentley's 
Amsterdam  Horace  in  subjoining  the  notes  to  the  place 
controverted." 40  This  plan  became  the  standard  for 
eighteenth-century  editions. 

But  it  was  not  in  form  only  that  Theobald  followed  the 
Horace.  In  a  previous  chapter  it  has  already  been  shown 
how  in  the  critical  doubt,  the  emendation,  and  the  conjectural 
criticism  he  adopts  the  same  attitude  and  employs  the  same 
method  as  the  more  illustrious  critic.  It  has  also  been  shown 
how  in  conjecture  and  explanation  he  marshals  his  evidence 

39  Preface,  p.  xxxix. 

40  Letter  to  Warburton,  November  18,  1731.     Nichols,  Illustrations 
of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  621. 


174 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


with  the  same  logic  and  thoroughness.  Yet  one  difference 
was  pointed  out.  Bentley  had  command  over  the  whole 
range  of  classical  literature ;  whether  defending  an  emenda 
tion,  settling  an  historical  fact,  establishing  a  grammatical 
usage,  or  elucidating  a  metrical  law,  he  draws  his  evidence 
from  every  conceivable  source  and  focuses  it  upon  the  ques 
tion  in  such  a  manner  as  to  leave  little  doubt  in  the  minds 
of  his  readers.  Theobald,  however,  in  his  first  work  was 
chiefly  dependent  upon  his  knowledge  of  Shakespeare,  upon, 
as  he  says,  expounding  an  author  by  himself.  It  is  true  he 
occasionally  resorted  to  Chaucer  and  Spenser,  sometimes 
consulted  the  chronicles  for  historical  facts,  and  made  diligent 
use  of  the  reference  books  at  hand,  yet  he  was  not  well 
versed  in  the  literature  essential  to  a  study  of  Shakespeare. 

This  deficiency  was  one  of  material  rather  than  method, 
but  it  had  to  be  overcome  before  the  best  results  could  be 
obtained.  During  the  preparation  of  his  edition,  the  lack 
was  remedied  by  an  enormous  expansion  in  his  reading 
of  earlier  English  literature,  the  results  of  which  are 
easily  seen  in  his  notes.  One  example  is  sufficient  to 
show  how  he  was  searching  the  literature  of  the  past,  and 
to  what  good  use  he  was  putting  his  finds.  Near  the  be 
ginning  of  his  correspondence  with  Warburton,  he  was 
puzzled  over  the  phrase  Basilisco  like  in  King  John;  he 
could  make  nothing  of  it  all.  Some  months  later  the  diffi 
culty  was  removed  by  his  reading  Soliman  and  Perseda*1 
Had  he  not  adopted  the  policy  of  reading  the  literature  of 
Shakespeare's  age,  he  must  either  have  left  the  passage  in 
obscurity  or  resorted  to  an  unnecessary  emendation. 

His  wide  reading  is  especially  seen  in  his  reference  to  early 
dramas  and  in  quotations  from  them.  In  the  preface  he 
claims  to  have  read  over  eight  hundred  old  English  plays. 


41  See  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  pp.  205,  256. 
compare  pp.  358  and  518,  517  and  527. 


Also 


THE   EDITION   OF   SHAKESPEARE  175 

Though  this  statement  is  a  palpable  exaggeration  —  a 
fault  to  which  Theobald  was  inclined  —  yet  there  was  some 
basis  for  it.42  His  notes  prove  him  familiar  with  the  works 
of  Marlowe,  Kyd,  Jonson,  Chapman,  Heywood,  Dekker, 
Marston,  Webster,  Ford,  Beaumont  and  Fletcher,  and 
Massinger,  to  say  nothing  of  the  number  of  anonymous 
plays  he  has  occasion  to  mention.  Particularly  numerous 
are  his  references  to  the  many  plays  of  Jonson  and  Beau 
mont  and  Fletcher. 

Moreover,  he  was  a  diligent  reader  of  a  different  species 
of  literature.  The  antiquaries  Stowe,  Camden,  and  Dugdale 
he  used  to  good  advantage.  Besides  the  chronicles  of  Hall 
and  Holinshed,  he  was  familiar  with  such  semi-historical 
works  as  Hakluyt's  voyages.  Lydgate  and  Caxton  were 
known  to  him,  though  he  seems  to  have  been  ignorant  of 
Gower.  With  Chaucer  and  Spenser  he  was  intimately 
acquainted,  and,  in  a  much  less  degree,  with  the  sixteenth- 
century  lyricists  such  as  Wyatt,  Surrey,  Daniel,  and  Lodge. 
Then  there  was  a  mass  of  ephemeral  and  inconsequential 
literature  from  which  Theobald  gleaned  something,  as  for 
example  The  Discovery  of  a  London  Monster,  1612. 

One  result  of  this  investigation  of  the  literature  surround 
ing  Shakespeare  was  the  weakening  of  Theobald's  confidence 
in  the  poet's  learning.  Several  years  before  the  appearance 
of  Shakespeare  Restored  he  had  most  determinedly  argued 
the  dramatist's  direct  knowledge  of  the  classics,  on  the  ground 
that  in  Troilus  and  Cressida  the  author  had  depended  more 
on  Homer  than  on  Chaucer,  and  that  in  the  plays  based  on 

42  See  account  of  Theobald's  library  in  Lounsbury,  Text  of  Shake 
speare,  pp.  551-553.  Professor  Lounsbury  thinks  Theobald's  library 
contained  "several"  hundred  plays.  Also  see  The  Works  of  Beaumont 
and  Fletcher,  ed.  Theobald,  Seward,  and  Sympson,  1750,  where 
in  "An  Account  of  the  Present  Edition"  Seward  speaks  of  Theobald's 
valuable  collection  of  quartos. 


176  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

classic  story  he  must  have  read  Plutarch  in  the  original.43 
Later  he  discovered  his  mistakes  in  reading  Wynken  de 
Worde's  Troy  story  and  North's  Plutarch.  He  even  took  the 
field  against  Gildon  and  Pope,  who  produced  the  Comedy 
of  Errors  as  proof  of  Shakespeare's  Latin,  and  called  atten 
tion  to  the  fact  that  a  translation  of  the  Menaechmi  was 
extant  in  the  poet's  time.44  These  discoveries,  and  in  a 
small  degree  Warburton's  influence,  forced  him  to  the 
conclusion  that  Shakespeare  went  to  translations  rather  than 
to  the  classics  themselves.45  Still  he  was  not  sufficiently 
shaken  from  his  old  belief  to  come  out  openly  on  the  opposite 
side.  In  the  notes  to  the  various  volumes  of  his  edition 
he  quotes  some  sixty-two  passages  from  Latin  and  Greek 
writers,  which,  he  holds,  bear  a  resemblance  to  Shakespeare's 
sentiments.  In  his  preface  he  claimed  that  these  passages 
were  produced,  not  to  prove  that  Shakespeare  consciously 
imitated  the  classics,  but  to  show  how  happily  he  expressed 
the  same  sentiments;  yet  some  are  introduced  with  the 
statement  that  Shakespeare  must  have  had  them  in  mind. 
It  was  easy  for  Theobald,  whose  memory  was  stored  with 
classical  lore,  to  see  similarities  in  thought,  and  for  this 
reason  he  did  not  take,  as  Farmer  did  later,  a  firm  stand 
against  Shakespeare's  first-hand  knowledge  of  ancient 
literature. 

With  this  increased  range  of  observation  Theobald's  notes 
approached  Bentley's  even  more  closely.  He  called  to  his 
assistance  not  only  what  classical  literature  held,  but  also 
what  English  history  and  literature  lent.  With  the  same 
pertinency  and  the  same  logical  handling  of  evidence  that 
were  so  characteristic  of  his  exemplar,  he  proved  and  eluci 
dated  as  no  one  had  ever  done  before  in  English  studies. 

43  See  preface  to  his  alteration  of  Richard  II,  1721. 

44  Edition  of  Shakespeare,  vol.  3,  p.  4. 

46  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  565. 


THE   EDITION   OF   SHAKESPEARE  177 

Just  as  Bentley's  notes,  even  when  upholding  an  unwarrant 
able  correction,  were  notable  for  the  instruction  they  con 
tained,  so  one  critic  says  that  Theobald's  notes  "are  a  mine 
of  miscellaneous  information,  clearing  up  fully  and  once  for 
all  what  might  have  remained  undetected  for  generations."  ** 
In  increasing  his  knowledge  along  the  necessary  lines,  Theo 
bald  had  removed  the  only  fundamental  dissimilarity  be 
tween  the  two  scholars.  A  comparison  of  notes  would 
easily  show  that  the  methods  employed  were  one  and  the 
same,  but  since  such  a  comparison  has  been  made  in  the 
chapter  on  Shakespeare  Restored,  it  becomes  necessary 
only  to  point  out  this  single  improvement  in  Theobald's 
notes.47 

The  secret  of  this  method  was  the  insistence  upon  proof 
for  any  conclusion.  It  differed  from  previous  methods 
in  that  there  was  less  of  random  guessing,  haphazard  arrivals 
at  conclusions  from  isolated  points  or  insufficient  evidence. 
A  note  on  the  first  act  of  Macbeth  furnishes  an  excellent 
example  of  the  manner  in  which  Theobald  worked.  In  the 
old  reading  of  this  passage  the  witches  called  themselves 
"weyward  sisters."  The  adjective  struck  the  critic  as  in 
appropriate.  Unwilling  to  rely  on  his  first  impression,  he 
investigated  Shakespeare's  use  of  the  word,  and  proved  by 
quotations  from  three  other  plays  that  the  dramatist  never 
used  the  adjectives  in  a  sense  suitable  to  the  passage  under 
discussion.  Then  his  reading  of  Chaucer  stood  him  in  good 
stead  by  bringing  to  his  mind  a  passage  in  Troilus  and 
Cressida,  where  fortune  is  called  "executrice  of  wierds." 
In  dictionaries  and  glossaries  he  sought  the  correct  meaning 

46  J.  C.  Collins,  Studies  and  Essays,  p.  279. 

47  "Mr.  Theobald,  who  was  a  much  better  critic  on  Shakespeare 
than  Dr.  Bentley  had  been  on  Milton,  yet  followed  the  Doctor's  Stile 
and    Manner."     Works   of  Beaumont   and   Fletcher,    1750.     Preface, 
p.  Ixii. 


178  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

of  weird,  and  found  it  appropriate  to  the  passage.  Yet 
on  this  evidence  alone  he  did  not  wish  to  insert  the  word. 
In  the  course  of  his  wide  reading  he  came  across  the  story 
of  Macbeth  and  the  witches  in  Heylin's  Cosmography, 
where  the  adjective  is  used  in  reference  to  the  hags.  Still 
this  was  not  confirmation  sufficient. 

I  presently  recollected,  that  this  Story  must  be  recorded  at  more 
Length  by  Holinshed;  with  whom  I  thought  it  was  very  probable 
that  our  Author  had  traded  for  the  Materials  of  his  Tragedy: 
and  therefore  Confirmaton  was  to  be  fetch'd  from  this  Fountain. 

His  investigation  revealed  several  passages  in  which  the 
witches  are  called  "  weird  sisters." 

This  is  the  method  of  the  true  scholar,  one  who  loves 
"to  go  thorough-stitch"  with  whatever  he  takes  in  hand. 
A  new  procedure  it  was  in  English  letters.  Yet  it  is  very 
discoverable  in  those  passages  of  Bentley's  Dissertation  on 
Phalaris,  where  Boyle's  statements  are  laid  bare,  and  the 
author's  are  supported  with  inevitable  proofs. 

It  has  already  been  hinted  that  the  similarity  between 
the  Boyle-Bentley  and  Pope-Theobald  controversies  was 
not  merely  superficial.  Pope's  edition  of  Shakespeare  and 
Boyle's  edition  of  Phalaris  were  both  examples  of  careless 
scholarship  and  insufficient  and  inexact  research.  On  the 
other  hand,  just  as  Shakespeare  Restored  was  a  review  of 
Pope's  work,  intended  to  show  its  defects,  Bentley's  first 
dissertation  was  secondarily  a  review  of  Boyle's  edition  with 
the  same  purpose  in  view.  It  is  true  that  the  primary  object 
of  the  treatise  was  to  prove  Phalaris's  letters  spurious,  but 
after  Boyle's  slur  at  his  humanity  Bentley  kept  a  close 
watch  for  errors  in  the  edition.48  The  last  pages  of  the  dis- 

48  Bentley  said  that  had  Boyle  acknowledged  that  he  had  been 
mistaken  concerning  Bentley's  conduct,  "all  the  errors  of  his  Edition 
had  slept  quiet  in  their  obscurity."  A.  Dyce,  Works  of  Richard 
Bentley,  vol.  2,  p.  vii. 


THE   EDITION   OF   SHAKESPEARE  179 

sertation  are  given  over  entirely  to  showing  the  faults  of 
Boyle's  work,  which  faults  are  styled  only  a  specimen.49 
The  famous  critic  is  especially  severe  with  his  adversary 
because  of  slack  collating,  a  charge  Theobald  never  wearied 
of  bringing  against  Pope. 

Furthermore,  Boyle's  Examination  bears  a  close  resem 
blance  to  The  Dunciad,  for  though  he  attempts  a  serious 
defense,  differing  therein  from  Pope,  it  is  plain  to  see  that 
Boyle's  main  reliance  is  upon  banter  and  satire,50  the  last 
resort  of  careless  study  exposed  to  the  relentless  attacks  of 
careful  scholarship.  Even  the  accusations  remind  one  of 
Pope's  satire — pedantry,  insistence  on  trifles,  out-of-the-way 
reading.61  Nor  did  satire  suffice,  for  Boyle's  malice  went 
so  far  as  to  deal  in  misquotation  and  false  statements, 
though  hardly  to  the  degree  reached  by  Pope.52 

Theobald's  edition  and  Bentley's  second  dissertation  are, 
of  course,  works  of  different  natures,  but  the  spirit  animating 
them  and,  in  a  general  way,  some  of  the  methods  employed 
are  similar.  They  both  represent  the  efforts  of  true  scholars, 
by  reliance  upon  fact,  proof,  and  authority,  to  silence  forever 
the  arguments  of  inaccurate  investigation  and  malicious 
satire.  The  authors  are  vitally  concerned,  not  so  much  in 
gaining  the  victory,  as  in  ascertaining  the  truth.53  This 
fact  is  seen  in  their  readiness  to  admit  an  error  in  a  statement 
or  in  a  conjecture  when  shown  to  be  wrong.54  This  dislike 

49  Dyce,  vol.  2,  pp.  173-181. 

60  I  refer  to  all  the  authors  of  the  Examination  under  the  name  of 
Boyle. 

51  Dyce,  vol.  1,  pp.  liii-lviii,  Ixix,  84,  325. 

62  Idem,  vol.  1,  pp.  163,  168,  218,  266,  270,  364,  367. 

53  See  Dyce,  vol.  1,  p.  Ixix,  and  preface  to  Shakespeare,  p.  xlix. 

M  "I  design  nothing  but  a  search  after  truth;  and  will  never  be 
guilty  of  that  mean  disingenuity,  to  maintain  a  fault  that  I  am  con 
vinced  of."  Dyce,  vol.  1,  p.  Ixxiii.  See  also  p.  97.  Compare  edi 
tion  of  Shakespeare,  vol.  5,  p.  193.  See  also  Appendix,  p.  325,  and 


180  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

of  error  caused  them  both  to  be  minutely  accurate  in  the 
spelling  of  proper  names,55  and  made  them  insistent  on  the 
production  of  authority  and  proof  for  any  conclusion  or 
conjecture.56 

Since  the  purposes  of  the  two  critics  were  different,  it  is 
not  the  part  of  reason  to  seek  any  close  resemblance  in 
method,  yet  we  find  isolated  examples  of  similar  treatment 
scattered  throughout  both  works.  The  emendations  dis 
persed  through  the  Dissertation  are  merely  incidental  to  a 
greater  object ;  for  this  reason  nothing  need  be  said  of  them. 
But  the  chronological  method,  used  to  such  good  advantage 
in  proving  the  Epistles  of  Phalaris  spurious,  appears  fre 
quently  in  the  edition.57  Furthermore,  the  manner  of  pro 
ducing  evidence  and  the  amount  and  widely  diverse  sources 
of  proof  are  seen  in  the  handling  of  detached  questions.  One 
example  will  suffice.  Boyle  and  Pope  had  been  so  unfortu 
nate  as  to  fall  foul  of  certain  expressions  their  opponents  had 
used:  Boyle  objected  to  Bentley's  " first  inventor,"  and 
Pope  to  that  line  of  the  Double  Falshood  satirized  in  The 
Dunciad.  Never  did  the  ridicule  of  two  wits  receive  such 
a  severe  jar  from  the  cold  array  of  evidence  presented  against 
them.  The  classical  scholar  proceeded  to  give  passages 

Shakespeare  Restored,  p.  191,  where  the  author  says,  "I  should  reckon 
it  very  disingenuous,  as  well  as  ridiculous,  in  a  Work  which  I  have 
prof  ess' d  to  have  undertaken  for  the  restoration  of  Shakespeare,  if  I 
should  be  asham'd  to  own  myself  mistaken,  and  retract  the  error." 

66  See  Dyce,  vol.  1,  pp.  Ivii,  Iviii.  With  these  references  compare 
edition  of  Shakespeare,  vol.  6,  p.  398,  and  see  Pope's  note  at  the  first 
of  the  Dunciad,  where  he  satirizes  Theobald  for  his  accurate  spelling  of 
Shakespeare's  name. 

66  See  Dyce,  vol.  1,  pp.  54,  117,  and  preface  to  Shakespeare,  pp.  xl, 
xliii. 

57  Preface  to  Shakespeare,  pp.  Ix,  x,  and  vol.  1,  p.  235.  See  also 
Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  613,  where  Theobald 
demolishes  one  of  Warburton's  emendations,  and  p.  654,  where  he  dis 
cusses  some  points  of  Jonson's  Life. 


THE   EDITION   OF   SHAKESPEARE  181 

from  Terence,  Lucretius,  Pindar,  Herodotus,  Plato,  and  a 
Greek  inscription,  while  Theobald  was  not  far  behind  with 
quotations  from  Plautus,  Ovid,  Seneca,  Terence,  Shake 
speare,  and  Beaumont  and  Fletcher.68 

So  far  this  treatise  has  concerned  itself  mainly  with 
Theobald's  method  and  its  origin.  Something  might  be 
well  said,  however,  regarding  the  results  obtained.  It 
would  be  supererogatory  to  speak  in  general  terms  concern 
ing  the  merits  of  the  edition ;  every  editor  of  Shakespeare 
now  concedes  as  unquestioned  the  importance  of  Theobald's 
contribution  to  Shakespearean  textual  criticism.  Yet  a 
few  statistics  will,  perhaps,  make  more  evident  the  quantity 
and  quality  of  his  criticisms.59 

Since  Theobald  easily  stands  at  the  head  of  all  emenders  of 
the  text,  his  conjectures  first  come  up  for  consideration.  In 
the  following  count  there  have  been  considered  only  those 
corrections  that  necessitated  the  substitution  of  a  word 
entirely  different  from  the  current  reading,  the  omission  of 
a  word  or  words,  or  the  introduction  of  a  word  or  words. 
When  the  emendation  consists  only  of  a  change  in  the  form 
of  the  word  or.  an  expansion  of  an  abbreviation,  it  has  not 
been  included  in  the  calculation.  After  corrections  of  this 
nature  are  eliminated,  there  still  remain  some  four  hundred 
and  twenty-nine  emendations  for  which  Theobald  had  to 
rely  upon  his  genius  and  learning  alone.  Of  these,  one 
hundred  and  fifty  have  been  accepted,  so  that  a  little  less 
than  thirty-seven  per  cent  of  his  corrections  have  stood  the 
test  of  time  and  the  scrutiny  of  scholars. 

When  consideration  is  paid  to  the  large  number  of  correc- 

58  Dyce,  vol.  1,  p.  Ixi,  and  Shakespeare,  vol.  4,  p.  188.  Compare 
also  the  discussion  of  anachronisms  in  Dyce,  vol.  1,  p.  183,  and  the 
edition  of  Shakespeare,  vol.  6,  p.  42,  where  Theobald  makes  use  of 
Bentley's  list  and  adds  more  examples  of  his  own. 

69  The  basis  of  these  calculations  is  the  Globe  edition  of  Shakes 
peare,  edited  by  Clark  and  Wright. 


182  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

tions  attempted  and  the  almost  total  obscurity  of  many  of  the 
corrupt  passages,  this  percentage  is  amazing.  Certainly  no 
other  corrector,  either  in  English  or  the  classics,  can  boast 
such  a  high  ratio  of  accepted  readings.  Bentley  falls  far 
short  of  the  mark.  Warburton,  who,  according  to  Johnson, 
supplied  Theobald  with  the  best  part  of  his  emendations, 
was  successful  in  only  thirteen  per  cent  of  those  substitutions 
which  Theobald  saw  fit  to  introduce  into  his  edition.  Un 
doubtedly  the  percentage  would  be  much  lower,  had  not 
the  bishop's  notes  passed  through  his  friend's  sifting  hands, 
so  that  only  the  more  probable  corrections  were  given  to 
the  public.  These  numbered  one  hundred  and  thirty-five, 
thirty-six  of  which  the  editor  refused  to  insert  in  the  text. 
Theobald's  judgment  in  rejecting,  if  not  in  selecting,  his 
assistant's  notes  is  vindicated  by  the  fact  that  only  one  of 
the  thirty-six  has  been  accepted.  Still  there  are  some  critics 
who  look  upon  Warburton  as  Theobald's  guardian  angel, 
saving  him  from  himself.60 

Besides  his  emendations,  Theobald  introduced  other 
changes  into  the  current  text  as  represented  by  Pope's 
edition.  In  some  two  hundred  places  he  restored  and  de 
fended  variant  readings  where  Pope  had  either  emended  the 
text  or  chosen  the  inferior  reading.  In  a  score  of  places  he 
rescued  whole  lines  and  even  passages  from  the  old  editions. 
To  these  he  called  attention  in  his  notes,  but  in  one  place 
he  says  that  he  has  made  many  such  restorations  without 
notice.61  In  a  large  number  of  places  he  restored  stage 
directions,  gave  lines  to  their  proper  speakers,  and  in  four 

60  See  D.  N.  Smith  op  cit.,  p.  xliv.     In  the  correspondence  between 
the  two  critics,  for  every  correction  of  Theobald  that  Warburton  finds 
fault  with,  Theobald  corrects  a  half  dozen  of  his  friend's. 

61  "Thus  is  the  Verse  left  imperfect  by  Mr.  Rowe  and  Mr.  Pope; 
tho'  the  old  Copies  all  fill  it  up,  as  I  have  done.     I  have  restor'd  an 
infinite  Number  of  such  Passages  tacitly  from  the  first  Impressions: 
but  I  thought  proper  to  take  notice,  once  for  all,  here  that  as  Mr. 


THE   EDITION   OF   SHAKESPEARE  183 

plays  introduced  new  act  divisions,  half  of  which  have  been 
accepted.62  His  changes  in  punctuation  are  innumerable, 
ranging  from  the  most  trifling  alteration  to  corrections  that 
restore  meaning  to  unintelligible  lines.  For  introducing 
notes  to  argue  his  changes  correct  he  has  been  subjected  to 
criticism.  In  a  previous  chapter  attention  has  been  called 
to  his  following  Bentley  in  this  respect,  and  if  another  excuse 
is  needed,  he  can  furnish  it  himself.  In  Shakespeare  Re 
stored  he  had  stigmatized  as  mere  drudgery  corrections  in 
which  there  was  no  pleasure  nor  any  merit  except  that  of 
diligence.63  In  his  edition  he  is  somewhat  of  the  same 
mind,  for  he  says  he  would  willingly  spare  himself  the  trouble 
of  making  notes  on  mere  changes  in  punctuation,  did  he  not 
fear  that  printers,  not  having  their  attention  fixed  on  the 
passage  by  a  note,  would  revert  back  to  the  old  corrupt 
pointing.64 

Theobald  believed  that  while  the  establishing  of  the 
genuine  text  was  the  first  duty  of  an  editor,  it  also  devolved 
upon  him  to  clear  up  obscure  and  difficult  passages  by  ex 
planatory  notes.  Especially  was  explanation  necessary 
in  an  age  when  the  tendency  was  to  alter  what  could  not  be 
understood.  The  number  of  such  notes  in  his  edition 
amounts  to  well  over  two  hundred,  nearly  forty  of  which 
Warburton  supplied.  They  vary  in  nature.  Some  explain 
the  meaning  of  words  by  parallel  passages;  some  clear  up 
a  difficulty  by  showing  the  peculiarities  of  Shakespeare's 
usage.  Many  allusions  are  traced  to  their  sources  in  con- 
Pope  follows  Mr.  Rowe's  Edition  in  his  Errors  and  Omissions,  it  gives 
great  Suspicion,  notwithstanding  the  pretended  Collation  of  Copies, 
that  Mr.  Pope,  for  the  Generality,  took  Mr.  Rowe's  Edition  as  his 
guide."  Vol.  1,  p.  384. 

62  Love's  Labor's  Lost,  The  Taming  of  the  Shrew,   King  John,  and 
King  Henry  V. 

63  Introduction,  p.  vi. 

64  Preface,  p.  xlvi. 


184  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

temporary  literature  and  history,  while  many  obscure  passages 
are  explained  by  going  to  the  source  from  which  Shake 
speare  got  his  material.  These  explanatory  notes  reveal, 
perhaps  even  more  than  his  emendations,  Theobald's  wide 
reading  and  diligent  research  in  the  literature  of  his  author's 
age. 

In  his  analysis  of  the  science  of  criticism  the  editor  grants 
a  minor  place  to  "an  Inquiry  into  the  Beauties  and  Defects 
of  Composition."  He  admits  that  his  work  has  little  to  do 
with  this  branch  of  criticism,  though  in  a  number  of  emenda 
tions  he  had  to  consider  it.  There  are  a  few  notes  given 
entirely  to  blame  or  praise,  but  the  amount  of  aesthetic 
criticism  is,  as  we  should  expect  of  a  man  of  Theobald's 
nature,  small  and  inconsequential.  Most  of  these  notes 
are  by  Warburton;  for  he  prided  himself  on  his  critical 
faculties  in  such  matters,  and  his  friend  was  only  too  quick  to 
foster  his  delusion. 

Not  only  in  those  particulars  that  most  closely  concern 
an  editor  was  Theobald  interested ;  unlike  previous  editors, 
he  showed  a  curiosity  in  that  threefold  field  of  research 
that  has  since  engaged  the  activities  of  so  many  scholars  — 
the  chronology,  authorship,  and  sources  of  the  plays  ascribed 
to  Shakespeare.  While  never  directly  undertaking  any  of 
these  problems,  he  was  careful  to  note  any  point  in  his 
research  that  might  throw  light  upon  them.  Some  of  his 
deductions  are  made  from  insufficient  evidence,  while  for 
many  of  his  opinions  he  gives  no  reason ;  yet  one  cannot 
but  be  struck  by  his  approximation  to  the  present  results 
of  long  and  careful  research. 

He  did  not  date  definitely  any  of  the  plays.  Relying 
upon  external  evidence,  he  placed  Timon  of  Athens  before 
Elizabeth's  death,  because,  not  knowing  of  a  previous  play 
by  a  similar  name,  he  thought  Shakespeare's  tragedy  was 
hinted  at  in  a  production  issued  in  1601,  Jack  Drum's  Enter- 


THE   EDITION   OF   SHAKESPEARE  185 

tainment.65  He  dated  Henry  V  before  1598  on  the  ground 
that  in  Every  Man  in  his  Humour,  produced  in  this  year, 
Jonson  ridiculed  a  passage  in  the  chorus  following  the  first 
act.66  Relying  on  internal  evidence,  he  thought  Othello 
could  not  have  been  written  before  1597  because  the  tragedy 
takes  some  matter  from  Sir  Walter  Raleigh's  Travels.61 
The  tragedy  Macbeth  was  placed  after  Queen  Elizabeth's 
death  by  reason  of  its  containing  compliments  to  James  I, 
while  Henry  VIII™  was  attributed  to  Elizabeth's  reign 
because  the  queen  is  complimented  in  it.  As  regards  this 
last  play,  the  editor  thought  the  compliment  to  James  I 
was  inserted  after  the  monarch's  accession  to  the  throne. 
Relying  upon  both  external  and  internal  evidence,  he  placed 
the  date  of  The  Tempest  between  1610  and  1613 ;  the  first 
date  because  the  drama  contains  references  to  the  Bermudas, 
visited  in  1609  by  Sir  John  Sommers;  the  second  date 
because  Shakespeare  had  by  that  time  retired  from  the 
stage.69  The  Merry  Wives  was  dated  after  1598  by  virtue 
of  a  reference  to  the  Guiana  of  Raleigh's  Travels,  and 
not  later  than  1602,  for  Theobald  possessed  a  quarto  of  that 
date.70  Of  course,  in  some  of  these  conclusions  he  was  beside 
the  mark,  yet  in  a  number  he  comes  reasonably  close. 

As  regards  the  authorship  of  some  of  the  doubtful  plays, 
Theobald  stated  opinions  that  curiously  enough  coincide  with 
many  of  the  conclusions  of  modern  scholarship.  He  followed 
Pope  in  omitting  Pericles  and  the  six  other  plays  introduced 
into  the  third  folio,  yet  he  was  far  from  the  opinion  that 
the  first  was  not  indebted  to  Shakespeare's  pen.  He  held 
it  "was  not  entirely  of  our  Author's  penning,  but  he  has 

65  Edition  of  Shakespeare,  vol.  5,  p.  303. 

66  Idem.  vol.  4,  p.  19. 

67  Idem,  vol.  7,  p.  393. 

68  Idem,  vol.  5,  pp.  39  and  443. 

69  Idem,  Preface,  p.  x. 

70  Idem,  vol.  1,  p.  235.    Also  see  Appendix  C,  p.  282. 


186 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


honoured  it  with  a  Number  of  Master-Touches,  so  peculiar 
to  himself,  that  a  knowing  Reader  may  with  Ease  and 
Certainty  distinguish  the  Traces  of  his  Pencil." 71  In  another 
place  he  says,  "some  Part  of  it  is  certainly  of  his  [Shake 
speare's]  writing."  72  Theobald  was  too  timid  to  defy  the 
precedent  set  by  Pope  in  rejecting  the  tragedy,  yet  it  seems 
probable  that  at  one  time  he  was  considering  its  inclusion 
in  his  edition.73  Theobald  also  declared  his  belief  in  Shake 
speare's  part-authorship  of  another  play  in  which  many 
scholars  to-day  see  evidences  of  the  great  dramatist,  The 
Two  Noble  Kinsmen,  which  he  called  Fletcher's,  though  he 
was  of  the  opinion  that  in  the  writing  of  the  play  "Shake 
speare  assisted ;  and  indeed  his  workmanship  is  very  dis 
coverable  in  a  number  of  places."  74 

Of  some  of  the  plays  included  in  Pope's  and  his  own  edi 
tions  he  denied  Shakespeare  complete  authorship.  His 
opinion  of  Titus  Andronicus  was,  indeed,  very  low.75  He 
inclined  to  the  theory  that  there  was  an  old  play  by  that 
name,  which  Shakespeare  retouched.  For  proof  he  cited 
a  passage  in  the  introduction  of  Bartholomew  Fair,  1614, 
where  Jonson  speaks  of  an  Andronicus  of  about  thirty  years 
of  age.76  Pointing  out  a  number  of  Shakespeare's  historical 
mistakes  in  the  three  parts  of  Henry  VI,  he  maintained  that 
the  dramas  were  brought  to  Shakespeare  and  merely  re 
touched  by  him.77  Nor  was  Theobald  guided  by  external 
evidence  alone ;  he  did  not  hesitate  to  apply  aesthetic  tests. 

71  Edition  of  Shakespeare,  vol.  2,  p.  490. 

72  Idem,  vol.  4,  p.  20. 

73  Theobald  sent  Warburton  a  copy  of  Pericles,  with  the  injunction 
to  look  over  it  with  a  strict  eye.     See  his  letter  of  May  20,  1730.     Ap 
pendix  C. 

74  Idem,  vol.  2,  p.  623. 
76  Idem,  vol.  2,  p.  512. 

76  Idem,  vol.  5,  p.  307. 

77  Idem,  vol.  4,  p.  109. 


THE   EDITION   OF   SHAKESPEARE  187 

He  says  the  diction  of  Andronicus  is  beneath  that  of  the 
three  parts  of  Henry  VI,  which  he  says  is  "more  obsolete,  and 
the  Numbers  more  mean  and  prosaical,  than  in  the  Generality 
of  his  genuine  Compositions." 

Little  fault  can  be  found  with  these  opinions.  Had 
Theobald's  life  been  less  fraught  with  adversities,  and  had 
he  received  more  encouragement  in  this  field  of  investigation, 
perhaps  he  would  have  established  his  opinions  on  firmer 
grounds.  Double  Falshood  was  the  only  play  the  author 
ship  of  which  he  ever  intended  to  settle.  From  this  task 
he  was  deterred,  so  he  says,  by  the  town's  accepting  the 
play  as  Shakespeare's.  The  more  probable  reason,  however, 
was  that,  with  his  keen  sensitiveness  to  Shakespeare's  style, 
he  could  discover  no  traces  of  the  dramatist. 

However,  Theobald's  main  contribution,  after  his  work 
on  the  text,  to  the  wide  field  of  Shakespearean  research 
lies  in  his  discovery  of  sources.  In  the  preface  he  speaks 
of  having  read  over  the  chronicles  of  Hall  and  Holinshed, 
as  well  as  the  Italian  stories  and  those  lives  of  Plutarch 
upon  which  some  of  the  plays  were  founded.  He  was  the 
first  to  discover  how  closely  Shakespeare  followed  Holin 
shed.78  He  also  was  the  first  to  point  out  Whetstone's 
Promus  and  Cassandra  as  the  source  of  Measure  for  Measure, 
at  the  same  time  asserting  that  he  could  prove  his  point, 
but,  as  was  too  often  the  case,  he  left  his  task  unfinished.79 
He  discovered  a  copy  of  the  old  Leir,8Q  and  designated  the 
Historia  Danica  of  Saxo  Grammaticus  as  the  original  source 
of  the  Hamlet  story.  Early  in  the  preparation  of  his  edition 

78  See  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  398. 

79  Edition   of    Shakespeare,   vol.    1,   p.   398.    See  also  Appendix, 
p.  281.     The  age  had  placed  such  a  great  value  upon  textual  criticism 
that  research  in  other  fields  was  considered  much  less  important  than 
it  deserved.     Only  in  the  latter  half  of  the  century  were  such  questions 
investigated. 

80  Edition  of  Shakespeare,  vol.  5,  p.  217. 


188  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

he  perceived  the  indebtedness  of  Troilus  and  Cressida  to 
Wynkin  de  Worde,  which  in  a  letter  to  Warburton,  he  proved 
by  showing  agreement  in  a  number  of  details.81  Finally, 
in  various  places  he  pointed  out  small  debts  to  sources 
such  as  for  the  grave-digger's  song  in  Hamlet. 

Yet  seldom  has  a  man  been  so  deprived  of  the  credit  for 
discoveries;  in  some  cases  the  theft  has  come  down  un 
detected  to  the  present.  One  scholar,  to  whom  I  have  had 
occasion  to  refer  before,  praises  Johnson  in  this  fashion : 

It  is  especially  remarkable  that  Johnson,  who  is  not  considered 
to  have  been  very  strong  in  research,  should  be  the  first  to  state 
that  Shakespeare  used  North's  translation  of  Plutarch.  He  is 
the  first  also  to  point  out  that  there  was  an  English  translation 
of  the  play  on  which  the  Comedy  of  Errors  was  founded,  and  the 
first  to  show  that  it  was  not  necessary  to  go  back  to  the  Tale  of 
Gamelyn  for  the  story  of  As  You  Like  It.  There  is  no  evidence 
how  he  came  by  this  knowledge.  The  casual  and  allusive  manner 
in  which  he  advances  his  information  would  seem  to  show  that 
it  was  not  of  his  own  getting.82 

Mr.  Smith  thinks  the  informant  might  have  been  Farmer. 
About  the  only  correct  detail  in  the  above  quotation  is  the 
suspicion  that  Johnson's  knowledge  was  second-hand,  as 
will  be  shown. 

There  is  plenty  of  evidence  how  BoswelPs  hero  came  by 
his  information:  "the  casual  and  allusive  manner"  shows, 
as  Kenrick  said,  that  "though  Dr.  Johnson  hath  made  very 
few  discoveries  of  his  own,  he  hath  discovered  the  method 
of  making  more  of  Theobald's  at  second  hand,  than  ever 
the  author  could  do  when  they  were  spick  and  span  new."  M 
In  a  note  on  Timon's  epitaph  Theobald  says, 

81  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  611. 

82  D.  N.  Smith,  op.  tit.,  p.  xxv. 

83  A  Review  of  Doctor  Johnson's  New  Edition  of  Shakespeare  by  W. 
Kenrick,  1765. 


THE   EDITION   OF   SHAKESPEARE  189 

I  once  imagin'd  that  Shakespeare  might  possibly  have  cor 
rected  this  translator's  Blunder  from  his  own  acquaintance  with 
the  Greek  Original:  but,  I  find,  he  has  transcribed  the  four  Lines 
from  an  old  English  Version  of  Plutarch,  extant  in  his  time.84 

In  the  Very  first  note  on  the  very  first  page  of  volume  three, 
Theobald  remarks  that  "the  Menaechmi  of  Plautus  was 
translated  in  English,  (which  our  Criticks  might  have  known 
from  Langbaine,)  and  printed  in  Quarto  in  the  year  1515, 
half  a  century  before  our  Author  was  born."  85  In  the  pref 
ace  to  his  edition,  while  speaking  of  the  verses  m  As  You 
Like  It,  Theobald  says, 

Dr.  Thomas  Lodge,  a  Physician  who  flourished  early  in  Queen 
Elizabeth's  Reign,  and  was  a  great  Writer  of  the  Pastoral  Songs 
and  Madrigals,  which  were  so  much  the  Strain  of  those  Times, 
composed  a  whole  Volume  of  Poems  in  Praise  of  his  Mistress, 
whom  he  calls  Rosalinde.  I  never  yet  could  meet  with  this  col 
lection;  but  whenever  I  do,  I  am  persuaded  I  shall  find  many  of 
our  Author's  Canzonets  on  this  Subject  to  be  scraps  of  the  Doctor's 
amorous  Muse.86 

Fortunately  for  Johnson,  Theobald  did  not  succeed  in  his 
search  for  Lodge's  Rosalinde,  while  the  later  critic,  following 
the  path  so  clearly  pointed  out  by  the  man  he  slandered, 
met  with  success. 

Notwithstanding  the  value  of  Theobald's  contribution 
to  the  correcting  and  illustrating  of  Shakespeare's  text, 
his  edition  has  its  faults.  These  defects  Professor  Louns- 
bury  has  clearly  stated.87  Some  were  due  to  personal 

84  Edition  of  Shakespeare,  vol.  5,  p.  303.     See  also  Nichols,  Illus 
trations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  pp.  500,  505,  508. 

85  The  italics  in  both  quotations  are  Theobald's.     Theobald  made 
a  mistake  in  the  date;  it  should  be  1595. 

86  Preface,  p.  xvii.     Theobald  was  mistaken  in  the  nature  of  the 
work,  but  not  in  the  matter  of  indebtedness.     For  this  fact,  as  well 
as  for  much  other  information,  Theobald  was  indebted  to  Langbaine. 

87  Text  of  Shakespeare,  Chap.  XXIV. 


190  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

whim,  such  as  the  failure  to  number  scenes.  Others  were 
occasioned  by  the  eccentricities  of  the  times  in  which  he 
lived.  These  are  chiefly  the  tendency  to  emend  too  much 
and  the  proneness  to  show  erudition.  Bentley,  guilty  of 
both,  had  set  the  fashion  for  his  age.  When  compared  with 
many  of  the  scholars  of  his  time,  Theobald  appears  con 
servative  in  his  conjectures  and  modest  in  his  citations. 
His  willingness  to  emend,  however,  caused  him  in  some  cases 
to  miss  the  obvious  meanings  of  passages,  and  in  others 
to  make  good  his  lack  of  knowledge  by  conjecture.  What 
might  be  called  another  blemish  in  his  work  was  his  treat 
ment  of  Pope.  Again  and  again  he  drags  in  the  unfortunate 
editor  to  sneer  at  his  incompetency  and  expose  his  careless 
ness.  This  practice  was  deprecated  by  his  admirers,  and 
denounced  by  his  critics,  though  not  till  sometime  after 
Pope's  death.  The  living  generation  knew  how  great  the 
provocation  had  been,  and  that  this  was  the  only  way  the 
abused  man  had  of  quitting  scores.  Later  generations  were 
prone  to  forget  the  sequence  of  events,  even  to  such  an  extent 
as  to  consider  the  edition  some  justification  for  The  Dunciad! 
When  the  causes  of  the  two  men  are  compared,  there  ap 
pears  more  justification  for  the  notes  than  for  the  satire. 
Furthermore,  Theobald's  accusations  were  almost  as  uni 
versally  true  as  Pope's  were  false. 

The  most  reprehensible  defect  in  the  edition  was  the  tacit 
adoption  of  many  of  Pope's  metrical  emendations.88  The 
poet  had  sought  to  improve  Shakespeare's  versification  by 
reducing  the  lines  to  eighteenth-century  regularity.  In  the 
majority  of  cases  Theobald  followed  him,  although  knowing, 
and  indeed  stating,  some  of  the  peculiarities  of  Shakespeare's 
verse  and  pronunciation,  as  well  as  reproving  Pope  for  his 
ignorance  of  these  peculiarities  and  his  attempt  to  make 
the  verse  smooth.  The  adoption  of  the  changes  was  a  dis- 

88  Lounsbury,  Text  of  Shakespeare,  pp.  527  ff. 


THE   EDITION   OF   SHAKESPEARE  191 

tinct  injury  to  the  text  and  the  neglect  in  acknowledg 
ing  them  no  credit  to  his  character.  The  only  defense 
that  can  be  pleaded  in  his  behalf  is  that  Pope's  second 
edition  was  the  basis  of  his  own.89  Thus  the  later  editor, 
not  meaning  to  be  dishonest,  may  have  thought  it  neces 
sary  to  specify  only  where  he  had  departed  from  the  text 
that  was  in  the  possession  of  the  public.  The  ethical  obli 
gation  of  giving  every  man  his  due  was  not  generally 
recognized  then,  but  Theobald  has  suffered  more  on  this 
account  than  Pope  or  any  other  editor. 

The  faults  of  Theobald's  edition  seem  trivial  when  com 
pared  with  the  difficulties  he  encountered.  His  study  was 
hampered  by  the  misfortunes  and  hardships  with  which 
his  life  was  beset.  The  aids  to  research  were  few  and 
scattered.  As  there  were  no  large  libraries  where  material 
could  be  found,  he  had  to  rely  upon  his  friends  and  the 
booksellers  for  the  accumulation  of  an  apparatus  criticus. 
Dictionaries  and  books  of  reference  were  both  few  and 
unreliable,  while  there  was  little  previous  research  from  which 
to  obtain  aid.  Though  he  had  the  advantage  of  being  the 
first  to  enter  an  almost  unexplored  field,  yet  he  had  not  the 
advantage  of  approaching  the  text  with  that  wealth  of  sym 
pathetic  intelligence  that  centuries  of  study  have  given  to 
modern  scholars.  The  great  difficulty,  however,  lay  in 
finding  a  method.  As  scholarly  methods  had  not  been 
employed  on  England's  literature,  he  was  forced  to  adapt 
to  an  English  text  the  method  employed  by  Bentley  in  the 

89  Mr.  Sidney  Lee  (Life  of  William  Shakespeare,  1904,  p.  316)  is 
wrong  in  thinking  Theobald  based  his  edition  on  the  first  folio.  Theo 
bald  introduced  into  the  current  text  so  many  readings  from  this  folio 
as  to  give  some  reason  for  the  belief.  Writing  to  Warburton  in  Novem 
ber,  1731,  the  editor  says,  "Tonson  has  sent  me  in  a  Shakespeare  inter- 
leav'd;  and  I  am  now  extracting  such  Notes  and  Emendations,  as 
upon  maturest  Deliberation,  I  am  certain  will  stand  the  test."  See 
Appendix,  p.  280. 


192 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


classics.90    This  duty  he  performed  so  effectively  that  he 
blazed  the  trail  succeeding  editors  have  always  followed. 

90  Old  English  scholarship  flowed  in  a  channel  entirely  separate 
from  that  of  the  scholarship  devoted  to  editing  later  English  classics. 
In  the  sixteenth,  seventeenth,  and  eighteenth  centuries  it  was  con 
cerned  with  the  collating  and  printing  of  manuscripts,  the  compilation 
of  dictionaries,  grammars,  and  catalogues,  with  the  material  where 
with  an  editor  works.  While  Junius  stands  out  as  a  great  figure,  his 
practices  were  not  adopted.  Manuscripts  were  still  largely  a  matter 
of  antiquarian  interest,  and  in  the  eighteenth  century  men  like  Hearne 
were  still  more  eager  to  publish  editions  than  to  publish  accurate 
editions.  They  were  more  interested  in  showing  their  curious  relics 
than  in  correcting  or  illustrating  them.  While  antiquarians  in  general 
were  of  great  service  to  the  editors  of  the  eighteenth  century,  Anglo- 
Saxon  scholarship  had  developed  no  method  of  editing  that  exerted 
the  slightest  influence  upon  the  editions  of  later  writers.  Interest 
in  Old  English  rapidly  declined  during  the  eighteenth  century,  not,  as 
Miss  Adams  affirms,  because  the  period  tended  to  social  expression 
rather  than  minute  scholarship  —  witness  the  many  editions  and  critical 
treatises  —  but  because  the  period  was  too  much  absorbed  with  more 
modern  writers.  See  E.  N.  Adams,  Old  English  Scholarship  in  England 
from  1566-1800,  Yale  Studies  in  English  LV,  1917,  pp.  70,  74,  83,  94, 
97,  103,  108. 


CHAPTER  VI 


IN  his  edition  of  Shakespeare  Theobald  had  vindicated 
himself  against  Pope.  It  was  not,  however,  with  a  feeling 
of  complacency  that  he  faced  the  future.  Confident  though 
he  was  of  the  worth  of  his  labors,  he  could  not  but  feel 
uneasy  about  the  attacks  that  might  follow.  The  eight 
years  intervening  between  his  first  and  last  works  on  Shake 
speare  had  seen  Pope  tireless  in  his  underhanded  attempts 
to  injure  the  scholar,  with  the  result  that  the  latter  justly 
expected  his  edition,  with  its  repeated  sneers  at  the  satirist, 
to  bring  further  trouble  to  his  door.  With  such  fears  in 
mind  the  editor  wrote  Warburton  that  when  the  cynics 
began  to  bark,  it  would  be  necessary  for  the  two  critics  to 
look  to  their  shelters  and  to  marshal  their  forces  for  the 
spring  campaign  which  he  felt  sure  would  be  directed  against 
him. 

But  these  attacks  never  materialized.  For  once  Pope 
realized  that  silence  would  do  him  more  good  than  satire. 
With  the  memory  of  how  little  his  efforts  had  injured 
Theobald's  interest l  and  with  the  consciousness  of  the 

1  The  futility  of  Pope's  satire  in  this  respect  is  readily  seen  in  the 
long  list  of  subscribers  prefixed  to  Theobald's  edition.  It  contained 
the  names  of  the  most  illustrious  of  England's  nobility.  The  literary 
world  was  represented  by  Colley  Gibber,  Theophilus  Gibber,  Henry 
Fielding,  Lady  Mary  Wortley  Montague,  Samuel  Richardson,  James 
Thomson,  and  Edward  Young.  Among  the  scientists  and  antiquaries 
were  Martin  Folkes,  John  Friend,  Richard  Mead,  Thomas  Baker,  and 
Sir  Hans  Sloane.  Classical  scholarship  made  a  brave  showing  with 
the  names  of  Richard  Bentley,  Thomas  Bentley,  John  Davies,  Nicholas 
Hardinge,  Styvan  Thirlby,  John  Taylor,  and  John  Upton. 


194  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

severe  strains  he  had  been  put  to  in  misquoting  and  mis 
representing  his  opponent,  he  could  not  but  feel  that  he 
had  made  a  very  poor  showing  in  the  controversy,  and  that 
for  the  future  he  could  hardly  hope  to  prevail  upon  the 
public  against  their  own  judgment.2  The  Grub-street  Journal 
did  contain  one  or  two  attacks  early  in  the  year,  but  even 
that  filthy  periodical  was  soon  forced  to  restrain  its  abuse.3 
So  effectively  had  Theobald  closed  the  mouths  of  his  enemies 
that  nearly  four  months  after  his  edition  had  been  made 
public,  he  could  say  that  he  had  seen  nothing  written  against 
it,  save  one  "idle  invective." 

Instead  of  attacks,  his  edition  met  with  approval  on  all 
sides.  Warburton  was  one  of  the  first  to  congratulate  him : 
"I  rejoice  heartily  in  your  good  fortune,  and  am  glad  to 
find  the  town  in  a  disposition  to  do  you  justice."  4  Later 
he  sent  his  friend  thirteen  notes,  which,  he  said,  indicated 
all  he  could  find  to  cavil  at.5  Lord  Orrery,  in  appreciation 
of  the  honor  shown  him  in  the  dedication,  presented  the 
editor  with  a  hundred  guineas,  while  the  Prince  of  Wales 
paid  twenty  guineas  for  his  set.  In  May  a  benefit  play 
was  given  him  as  editor  of  Shakespeare,  for  the  entertain 
ment  of  the  Grand  Master  and  Society  of  Free-Masons. 

2  Pope  was  angry  enough;    he  was  "extremely  nettled  with  Mr. 
Theobald  for  publishing  Shakespeare,   and  animadverting  upon  the 
said  Pope,  and  Mr.  Pope,  as  I  find,  in  defense  of  himself,  uses  nothing 
but  scurrility  and  the  most  indecent  unbecoming  language  agreeable 
to  his  pride."     Reliquiae  Hearnianae,  1869,  vol.  3,  p.  142. 

3  No.  219,  March  7,   1734,  and  No.  220,  March  14,   1734.     See 
Lounsbury,  Text  of  Shakespeare,  pp.  446-447.     The  first  article  was 
written  in  answer  to  Theobald's  fling  at  Mallet,  and  was  signed  by  that 
gentleman.     The  other  was  anonymous,   and  must  have    been    the 
invective  to  which  Theobald  refers.     There  is  no  evidence  that  Pope 
had  a  hand  in  either. 

4  Letter   of    May    17,    1734.     Nichols,    Illustrations   of  Literaturet 
vol.  2,  p.  634. 

6  Letter  of  June  20,  1734,  Idem,  vol.  2,  p.  645. 


195 

The  public  was  fully  aware  of  the  excellence  of  the  work, 
and  did  not  hesitate  to  voice  its  approval.  Nothing  but 
praise  reached  Theobald's  ears,  and  his  reputation  was 
firmly  established  for  many  years  to  come.6 

As  soon  as  Shakespeare's  plays  were  off  his  hands,  the 
editor  turned  to  other  labors  both  classical  and  English. 
When  Bentley's  edition  of  Milton  appeared,  it  had  in 
spired  him  to  send  some  textual  remarks  on  the  poet  to 
War  burton.  His  investigations  were  now  carried  farther. 
One  passage  in  Lyddas  —  a  favorite  poem  with  Theobald  — 
contained  an  allusion  of  which  the  scholar  could  make 
nothing.  The  lines  read, 

"  Sleep 'st  by  the  fable  of  Bellerus  old 
Where  the  great  vision  of  the  guarded  mount 
Looks  towards  Namancos  and  Bayona's  hold." 
Not  being  content  to  pass  over  the  passage  in  ignorance,  he 
wrote    Warburton    for    information    regarding   the    proper 
names.     The  latter  replied  most  dogmatically  that  the  ex 
planation  would  be  found  in  Sir  James  Ware's  Antiquities 
and  History  of  Ireland.     Theobald  immediately  consulted 
this  authority  and,  as  was  his  wont,  several  others,  but  to 
no  avail.    When  Warburton  was  notified  that  his  reference 
was  wrong,  he  replied  that  judging  by  the  circumstances  he 
had  thought  the  allusion  was  to  an  old  Irish  fable,  and  "that 
is  all  I  know."  7     It  would  be  hard  to  find  a  clearer  example 
of  the  contrasting  spirits  that  animated  the  scholarship  of 
the  two  men.     One  is  willing  to  jump  at  a  conclusion,  and 
state  that  conclusion  as  a  fact;    the  other  exhausts  every 
means  at  hand  to  clear  up  an  obscurity,  and  refuses  to  be 
satisfied  until  he  can  find  authority  for  an  explanation. 
This  inquiry  is  typical  of  the  widening  of  his  scholarly 

6  Letter  of  May  9,  1734.     Appendix  C. 

7  See  Appendix,  p.  328,  and  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol. 
2,  pp.  634,  645. 


196  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

interest  in  English  literature.  As  will  be  seen  later,  he  was 
carrying  on  his  investigation  in  other  native  poets.  Yet 
he  was  not  entirely  through  with  Shakespeare.  In  the  sum 
mer  of  1734  he  told  Warburton  that  he  was  "prepared  to 
put  out  an  Edition  of  Shakespeare's  Poems  with  a  copious 
Glossary  to  all  his  Works."  8  The  poems  never  appeared, 
though  in  October  of  the  following  year,  Theobald  wrote 
Warburton  that 

As  to  Shakespeare's  Poems,  my  Design  is  by  no  means  dropt,  only 
deferr'd  to  Spring,  when  that  and  Aeschylus,  I  hope  in  God,  shall 
Both  appear;  and  an  Act  be  obtain'd  to  preserve  the  property 
of  Them  together  with  That  of  more  valuable  Productions.9 

The  failure  to  obtain  this  act  may  account  for  the  suppression 
of  the  undertaking. 

Though  prompted  by  personal  considerations,  Theobald's 
effort  to  secure  a  copyright  law  was  most  praiseworthy. 
The  statute  of  Queen  Anne,  probably  written  by  Swift, 
gave  the  sole  right  to  authors  or  assigns  to  publish  books 
already  printed  for  twenty-one  years  from  April  10,  1710, 
when  the  statute  went  into  effect.  For  books  that  had 
never  been  printed  the  time  was  limited  to  fourteen  years 
with  the  possibility  of  a  renewal  for  an  equal  length  of  time. 
When  the  first  twenty-one  years  expired,  numerous  lawsuits 
arose  over  the  question  whether  the  statute  took  away 

8  See  letter  of  August  27,  1734.    Appendix  C.     One  emendation, 
on  the  thirteenth  stanza  of  Venits  and  Adonis,  he  sent  to  his  friend. 
Theobald's  copy  read, 

"Being  Red,  she  loves  him  best;  and  being  white 

Her  Breast  is  better'd  with  a  more  delight." 

After  arguing  very  convincingly  against  this  reading,  he  recommended 
"fetter'd"  for  "better'd"  and  supported  the  change  with  an  impos 
ing  array  of  quotations  from  the  classics.  He  was  right  in  suspecting 
a  corruption,  but  hit  upon  the  wrong  word.  Warburton,  disagreeing 
with  this  correction,  advocated  "o'er  delight"  for  "more  delight." 

9  Letter  of  October  18, 1735.    Appendix  C. 


197 

common  law  rights.  After  much  debate  the  question  was 
not  settled  until  the  latter  part  of  the  century.  In  1734 
the  copyright  was  extended  to  prints  and  engravings. 

Perhaps  the  interest  created  by  these  lawsuits  inspired 
Theobald  to  seek  an  extension  of  the  copyright.  In  April 
of  1735  he  wrote  to  Warburton : 

I  don't  know  whether  you  have  heard  what  pains  I  am  taking  to 
carry  thro'  a  Bill  for  the  Encouragement  of  Learning  and  securing 
of  Property  in  Authors.  I  hope,  I  shall  get  it  thro',  unless  my 
Application  is  cut  short  by  an  abrupt  Rising  of  the  Houses.10 

Two  months  later  he  was  forced  to  acknowledge  his  failure 
to  get  the  bill  through  the  House  of  Lords,  but  showed  de 
termination  to  persist  in  the  effort.11  Later  he  expressed 
the  hope  that  the  act  would  be  obtained  in  the  spring  of  the 
following  year,  but  nothing  came  of  the  undertaking.12 
Though  there  is  no  direct  evidence  of  the  nature  of  the  bill, 
Theobald's  phrase  "for  the  advancement  of  learning" 
and  his  desire  to  protect  his  translation  of  Aeschylus  and 

10  Letter  of  April  26,  1735.     Appendix  C. 

11  Letter  of  June  24,  1735.    Appendix  C. 

12  It  was  probably  Theobald's  interest  in  this  field  that  first  turned 
Warburton's  mind  in  the  same  direction.     "It  would  be  unjust  to  quit 
Warburton  without  drawing  attention  to  one  or  two  instances  in 
which  his  vigor  was  not  employed  in  the  maintenance  of  a  paradox. 
At  a  time  when  copyright  was  generally  regarded  as  a  legal  monopoly, 
he  argued  the  natural  right  of  an  author  in  the  produce  of  his  mind." 
Mark  Pattison,  Essays,  vol.  2,  p.  174.     Warburton's  pamphlets  on  the 
subject  number  three:  A  Letter  from  an  Author  to  a  Member  of  Parlia 
ment  concerning  Literary  Property,  1747;    An  Inquiry  into  the  Nature 
and  Origin  of  Literary  Property,  1762;  and  A  Vindication  of  the  Exclu 
sive  Right  of  Authors  to  their  own  Works,  1762.     The  first  and  last 
works  argue  an  author's  natural  right  in  his  productions,  but  the 
second  takes  the  opposite  view,  and  was  evidently  written  to  afford 
the  bishop  an  opportunity  of  answering  it.     The  last  effort  calls  the 
authors  of  the  previous  pamphlets  shrewd,  ingenious,  learned,  a  fact 
which  bespeaks  the  authorship  of  all  three,  even  though  they  appeared 
anonymously. 


198  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

edition  of  Shakespeare's  poems  seem  to  indicate  that  he 
wished  copyright  extended  to  the  productions  of  scholar 
ship. 

While  the  critic  must  have  relied  chiefly  upon  the  influence 
of  his  patron,  Lord  Orrery,  his  hopefulness  of  carrying 
through  such  legislation  is  plainly  indicative  of  his  prestige. 
His  letters  written  at  this  time  also  show  that  his  edition 
had  entirely  removed  .any  stigma  that  might  have  been 
incurred  from  The  Dunciad,  and  that  he  occupied  a  favorable 
position  in  the  eyes  of  the  public.  He  was  closely  associated 
with  Lord  Orrery,  being  constantly  engaged  in  legal  work 
for  his  lordship.  Again,  his  frequent  mention  of  Sir  Robert 
Walpole  shows  him  to  have  been  on  terms  of  some  intimacy 
with  the  prime  minister,  who  unfortunately  never  succeeded 
in  giving  him  any  substantial  aid.  All  in  all,  the  years 
immediately  following  his  edition  were  the  brightest  of  his 
career. 

This  period  also  marks  a  renewal  of  his  interest  in  the 
classics.  Indeed,  he  seems  always  to  have  looked  to  them 
for  a  substantial  reputation.  He  was  never  quite  sure  of 
the  honor  to  be  derived  from  scholarship  in  English  letters. 
Although  it  was  his  success  in  Shakespearean  criticism  that 
encouraged  him  to  try  his  hand  at  the  classics,  he  was  not 
fully  confident  of  the  dignity  of  the  innovation. 

His  first  work  in  classical  criticism  was  the  notes  he  sup 
plied  to  Cooke's  Hesiod.  The  majority  of  his  classical 
observations,  however,  were  contained  in  three  papers 
contributed  to  Jortin's  Miscellaneous  Observations,  1731. 
In  writing  for  this  periodical  Theobald  joined  the  ranks  of 
such  scholars  as  Pearce,  Masson,  Taylor,  Wasse,  Robinson, 
Upton,  Thirlby,  names  that  occupy  a  substantial  place 
in  the  history  of  classical  scholarship.  Jortin,  a  scholar 
of  no  mean  ability,  complimented  Theobald's  first  article, 
expressing  the  hope  that  "the  Gentleman,  to  whom  I  am 


THEOBALD'S  LATER  LIFE  199 

indebted  for  this,  will  give  me  opportunities  of  obliging  the 
Public  with  more  of  his  observations."  13  In  his  articles 
the  Shakespearean  scholar  covered  a  very  broad  field, 
commenting  on  such  writers  as  Eustathius,  Athenaeus, 
Suidas,  Statius,  Aristophanes,  scholiast  on  Aristophanes, 
Hesychius,  Aeschylus,  scholiast  on  Aeschylus,  Paterculus, 
Strabo,  Anacreon,  and  Platonius.  In  regard  to  this  last 
writer,  it  was  Theobald's  intention  at  one  time  to  contribute 
to  Jortin's  magazine  a  translation  of  the  fragment  on  the 
difference  between  the  old  and  middle  comedy  of  the  Greeks, 
but  he  did  not  carry  out  his  purpose.  The  principal  fault 
with  most  of  Theobald's  emendations  is  that  they  are  un 
necessary,  a  criticism  that  applies  to  the  corrections  of  all 
the  scholars  of  the  day.  Yet  never  are  they  absurd.  He 
studies  the  passage  closely,  gives  fully  his  reasons  for  believ 
ing  a  correction  necessary,  and  supports  his  reading  with 
evidence  gathered  from  wide  sources.14 

Mention  has  already  been  made  of  the  emendations  in 
troduced  in  the  notes  and  inserted  in  the  preface  of  Theo 
bald's  edition  of  Shakespeare.  The  latter  comprise,  besides 
several  corrections  on  Platonius  and  attempted  rectifications 
of  the  opinions  of  earlier  scholars,  emendations  on  three 
Greek  inscriptions  published  by  Sir  George  Wheler  in  1728. 
In  one  of  these  our  scholar  made  his  most  ambitious  correc 
tion.  The  inscription  styled  the  " Votive  Table"  by  Theo 
bald  had  been  considered  the  prayer  of  a  heathen  to  Zeus 
Urius  in  gratitude  for  a  prosperous  voyage.  With  the  help 
of  his  conjectures  the  unfortunate  critic  made  it  the  prayer 
of  a  Christian  to  the  Almighty.  Less  than  two  months 

13  Miscellaneous  Observations,  vol.  1,  p.  144. 

14  In  some  cases  it  is  almost  impossible  not  to  agree  with  his  emen 
dation  (see  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  582),  while 
in  at  least  one  instance  his  correction  has  been  accepted:    d<r</>aXcs  for 
d<r0aXws,  1.  85  of  Aeschylus'  Suppliants. 


200  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

after  the  new  interpretation  had  been  made  public,  its  author 
wrote  Warburton, 

I  am  very  glad  the  Greek  Criticisms  strike  you.  The  major  part 
of  them,  I  believe,  will  stand  their  ground.  But  in  one  of  them  I 
have  been  most  miserably  mistaken:  I  mean  miserably,  as  not 
knowing  a  Fact;  as  a  Schollar  and  Conjecturer  at  large,  I  think 
the  mistake  will  not  affect  me  in  Credit.  It  is  the  Votive  Table, 
as  I  called  it,  which  led  me  into  the  Error.15 

Two  months  later  an  anonymous  contribution  to  The  Grub- 
street  Journal,  after  calling  Theobald  undoubtedly  the  first 
English  critic,  attacked  the  propriety  of  introducing  classical 
criticism  in  an  edition  of  Shakespeare,  and  took  pains  to 
show  that  this  particular  emendation  was  wrong.16  The 
critic  pointed  out  that  Theobald's  mistake  was  due  to  his  ig 
norance  of  a  more  correct  copy  of  the  inscription  by  Mon 
sieur  Spon,  a  fellow-traveler  of  Sir  George. 

Theobald  was  naturally  surprised  that  an  article  so  fair 
to  himself  should  have  been  printed  in  a  periodical  so  ve 
hemently  hostile.  Although  a  little  wary  of  the  apparent 
compliment,  he  made  a  reply  in  a  later  issue  of  the  same 
paper,  in  which  he  readily  admitted  his  error  in  correcting 
the  manuscript,  the  corruption  of  which  was  due  to  Wheler's 
inaccurate  copy,  and  gave  reasons  why  he  had  happened  to 
overlook  the  previous  publication  of  the  fragment.17  Then 
he  added  the  perfectly  true  statement  that  he  had  discovered 
his  own  error  several  months  before  his  critic  had  attacked 
it.  But  he  turned  the  tables  on  the  latter  by  giving  him  a 
full  history  of  the  inscription,  of  which  his  opponent  was 
ignorant,  and  by  informing  him  that  the  inscription  itself 

16  Letter  of  March  5,  1734.    Appendix  C. 
»  No.  229,  May  16,  1734. 

17  No.     3,  June  6,  1734.     In  the  same  issue  one   of  the   editors, 
signing  himself  Baevius,  when  forced  to  acknowledge  the  truth  of 
Theobald's  case,  contented  himself  with  dragging  in  a  trivial  point 
utterly  foreign  to  the  discussion. 


THEOBALD'S  LATER  LIFE  201 

was  in  Dr.  Mead's  museum,  where  the  writer  had  made  a 
collation  which  proved  both  of  them  wrong.  Few  could 
get  ahead  of  Theobald  in  a  matter  of  research. 

The  classical  writer  in  whom  the-  Shakespearean  scholar 
was  most  interested  was,  as  we  have  already  seen,  Aeschylus. 
As  early  as  1714  he  had  contracted  with  Lintot  to  translate 
all  seven  tragedies.  Although  it  is  probable  that  he  per 
formed  his  task,  nothing  came  of  the  contract.  Later  he 
issued  proposals  for  subscriptions  to  his  translation,  but 
still  it  did  not  appear,  and  in  the  notes  to  The  Duntiad  Pope 
sarcastically  remarked  on  his  failure  to  fulfill  his  obligation. 
Yet  Theobald  never  dropped  his  design.  In  February 
following  the  appearance  of  his  Shakespeare  he  was  receiving 
subscriptions  for  the  undertaking  and  promising  to  print  it 
off  the  following  summer.18  Furthermore  he  began  to  cherish 
designs  for  an  edition  as  well  as  a  translation  of  Aeschy 
lus.  When  Warburton  raised  some  question  regarding  the 
text  of  the  dramatist,  and  gave  his  usual  advice,  Theobald 
replied  that  Stanley's  text,  although  the  best,  was  by  no 
means  perfect,  and  that  there  remained  much  to  be  done  in 
adjusting  the  meter  of  strophe  and  antistrophe  by  a  principle 
that  he  considered  a  most  certain  basis  for  correction.19 
He  continued  his  work  on  the  text  throughout  the  summer 
and  communicated  some  of  his  emendations  to  Warburton.20 
In  the  autumn  of  the  same  year  he  wrote  Sir  Hans  Sloane 
for  a  subscription  to  the  work  which  he  said  he  then  had 
under  the  press,  and  which  he  described  as  "a  Translation  of 
Aeschylus's  Tragedies,  with  Notes  Critical  and  Philological ; 
and  an  History  of  the  Greek  Stage  in  all  its  Branches,  in  a 
Dissertation  to  be  prefix'd."  21  He  added  further  that  he 

18  Letter  of  February  12,  1734.     Appendix  C. 

19  Letter  of  March  5,  1734.     Appendix  C. 

20  Letter  of  July  11,  1734.     Appendix  C. 

21  Letter  of  September  21,  1734.     Appendix  C. 


202  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

had  been  advised  by  some  friends  to  publish  the  Greek 
text  on  the  opposite  page,  and  repeated  the  statement  made 
to  Warburton  about  the  certainty  of  corrections  made  on 
the  basis  of  meter.  He  claimed  to  have  by  the  kindness  of 
Dr.  Conyers  Middleton  a  collation  of  the  famous  Laurentian 
manuscript,  which  he  offered  to  send  to  Sir  Hans  if  it  was 
desired. 

Neither  text  nor  translation  appeared,  but  his  emendations 
have  not  been  entirely  lost.  Those  remarks  that  had  been 
published  in  Miscellaneous  Observations,  and  some  others 
that  were  written  on  the  margin  of  Theobald's  copy  of  the 
Greek  dramatist,  were  used  by  Bloomfield  in  his  edition 
of  Aeschylus,  1810,  a  fact  that  is  evidence  enough  of  the 
respectable  quality  of  the  earlier  critic's  work  in  the  classics.22 
Furthermore,  Middleton's  enlisting  in  his  service  testifies 
to  the  high  regard  in  which  his  scholarship  was  held  by 
contemporaries. 

But  there  is  still  more  remarkable  evidence  of  the  study 
Theobald  put  upon  Greek.  In  October  of  1735  he  tells 
Warburton  that, 

as,  I  think  I  mentioned  to  you,  that  I  was  prepared  to  amend  and 
account  for  above  20  thousand  Passages  in  Hesychius,  I  am  la 
bouring  hard  to  draw  out  those  Stores,  that  they  may  not  be  quite 
lost,  in  case  I  myself  should  be  snatch'd  away.  It  is  very  odd, 
what  a  great  number  of  Places  I  shall  be  able  to  set  right,  that  are 
corrupt,  Both  by  Explanations  being  divided  from  their  Themes; 
and  by  Themes,  as  mistakenly  sunk,  and  standing  as  Explana 
tions  of  what  they  have,  indeed,  no  Reference  to.  I  could  give 
you  an  ample  Specimen;  but,  perhaps,  you  trade  very  little  with 
that  Author.23 

22  In  the  "Index  Codicum  Manuscriptorum  quorum  lectiones  ad- 
hibui "  appears  this  item :  "L.  L.  Ludovici  Theobaldi  notae,  ad  margi- 
nem  libri  Windhamiani  scriptae.     Harum  ipse  nonnullos  vulgavit  in 
Miscell.    Obs.  II.  p.  164." 

23  Letter  of  October  18,  1735.     Appendix  C. 


203 

Although  these  "20  thousand  passages"  probably  take  their 
place  by  the  side  of  the  two  thousand  emendations  of  Beau 
mont  and  Fletcher  and  the  eight  hundred  old  English  plays, 
yet  when  all  due  allowance  is  made  for  Theobald's  proneness 
to  exaggerate,  the  unusual  extent  of  his  investigation  is 
still  striking.  Furthermore,  he  had  hit  upon  a  work  that 
offered  a  wide  field  for  conjecture.  Bentley  is  said  to  have 
undertaken  "the  stupendous  task"  of  publishing  a  complete 
edition  of  Hesychius,  "an  author  in  whom  he  professes 
to  have  made  upwards  of  five  thousand  corrections" ; 24  and 
at  the  beginning  of  the  next  century  Person  expressed  sur 
prise  that  after  so  many  first  rate  critics  had  worked  on 
the  lexicographer,  so  much  room  for  emendation  was  still 
left.25  Had  his  work  on  Aeschylus  and  Hesychius  been  put 
before  the  public,  the  editor  of  Shakespeare  would  have 
occupied  a  creditable  position  among  the  classical  scholars 
of  the  eighteenth  century. 

The  history  of  the  two  years  following  the  edition  of  Shake 
speare  clearly  discounts  the  influence  of  The  Dunciad  in  either 
discouraging  its  hero  from  undertaking  any  enterprise,  or 
in  lessening  the  estimation  in  which  the  discerning  part  of 
the  public  held  him.  These  years  mark  the  most  active  and 
ambitious  portion  of  his  life.  His  designs  in  both  English 
and  the  classics  reached  an  extent  little  dreamed  of  in  his 
younger  days.  Nor  would  he  have  entered  upon  such  plans, 
had  not  the  favor  of  the  public  seemed  probable  to  him. 

In  the  midst  of  his  ambitious  projects  there  came  what 
must  have  been  a  grievous  disappointment  and  a  real  injury. 
Revealing  at  last  his  true  nature,  Warburton  broke  off  the 
friendship  under  circumstances  by  no  means  creditable  to 

24  Hartley  Coleridge,    The   Worthies  of  Yorkshire  and  Lancashire, 
1836,  p.  71. 

25  Museum    Criticum;     or    Cambridge    Classical    Researches,    1814, 
vol.  1,  p.  122. 


204  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

the  divine.  While  Theobald  did  not  stand  in  any  need  of 
Warburton's  critical  aid,  he  was  a  man  of  little  self-reliance, 
and  that  little  had  been  rudely  shaken  by  Pope.  No  one 
reading  the  correspondence  between  the  two  men  can  fail 
to  be  struck  by  the  way  the  elder  leaned  upon  the  younger 
for  encouragement  and  approval.  The  shock  of  having 
this  prop  removed  must  have  done  much  toward  weakening 
his  perseverance  and  increasing  a  despondency  evident  at 
times  in  previous  years.  In  the  disruption  of  the  friendship 
may  lie  the  cause  why  all  save  one  of  his  various  designs 
were  never  carried  out. 

Evidence  that  Warburton  was  not  entirely  pleased  with 
his  fellow  critic  appears  early  in  the  correspondence.  In 
the  fall  of  1730  the  former  remarked  on  the  latter 's  dis 
approval  of  many  of  his  notes,  and  proposed  to  restrain  his 
criticism.  To  the  implied  complaint  Theobald  answered, 

I  would  by  no  means  wish  you  to  restrain  your  genius,  or  the 
scope  of  your  suspicions,  so  long  as  you  are  pleased  to  indulge 
me  in  such  a  labour;  for,  though  every  conjecture  should  not  upon 
trial  prove  standard,  give  me  leave  to  say,  without  flattery,  there 
is  something  so  extremely  ingenious  in  all  you  start,  that  I  would 
with  great  regret  be  defrauded  of  such  a  fund  either  of  entertain 
ment  or  erudition.26 

It  is  hard  to  see  how  any  critic  could  find  fault  with  dis 
agreement  when  couched  in  such  flattering  terms.  And 
the  above  quotation  is  typical  of  the  judgment  Theobald 
frequently  passed  on  the  other's  learning.  Because  of  such 
undue  praise  he  was  able  to  preserve  the  partnership  for 
a  number  of  years. 

When  the  edition  of  Shakespeare  appeared,  Warburton 
at  once  noticed  that  some  of  his  remarks  had  been  omitted. 
To  this  omission  he  called  the  editor's  attention,  laying  the 

26  Letter  of  September  15,  1730.  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature, 
vol.  2,  p.  607. 


205 

blame  upon  his  own  loose  unmethodical  papers,  and  then 
added,  seemingly  as  a  threat,  that  he  intended  to  compose 
a  complete  critique  on  Shakespeare.  Theobald  explained 
the  omission  on  the  ground  that  he  foresaw  that  opportunities 
to  improve  on  Shakespeare  would  arise ;  therefore  it  would 
be  neither  fraud  nor  bad  policy  to  keep  a  good  fund  of  notes 
in  reserve.  But  he  was  clearly  concerned  over  the  other's 
threat.  This  concern  prompted  him  to  express  the  unwar 
rantable  inference  that  his  acknowledgment  of  his  assistant's 
aid  in  the  edition  "has  given  me  a  Right  (through  your 
generous  Grant)  to  demand  all  your  Capacities  for  my  Ser 
vice."  Furthermore,  he  sought  to  discourage  his  friend's 
undertaking  by  insincere  depreciation  of  Shakespeare  and 
fulsome  flattery  of  the  threatening  critic  : 

To  say  a  word  to  your  intention  of  composing  a  full  and  compleat 
Critic  on  Shakespeare,  I  own,  it  would  be  a  treasure  to  me  to 
see  it;  but  to  speak  for  the  World,  and  throw  off  those  Prepos 
sessions  which  I  have  for  our  Author,  I  am  afraid,  the  generality 
will  regard  him  as  too  irregular  a  Writer  to  deserve  such  a  Critic.27 

Of  course,  the  poor  quality  of  the  notes  was  the  first  reason 
why  he  suppressed  so  many ;  yet  he  may  have  reserved  some, 
as  he  said  he  did,  to  answer  the  attacks  which  he  expected 
to  be  made  upon  his  edition.  In  the  early  days  of  the  con 
troversy  with  Pope,  his  most  potent  weapon  of  offense  and 
defense  had  been  the  publication  of  some  emendation  or  ex 
planation  of  Shakespeare.  It  is  possible,  therefore,  that  he 
wished  to  carry  on  the  warfare  in  the  same  way,  for  which 
purpose  it  was  necessary  to  have  a  supply  of  ammunition  on 
hand.28 

Theobald's  explanation  of  the  omission  probably  suggested 

27  Letter  of  March  5,  1734.    Appendix  C. 

28  In  a  previous  letter  of  February  12,  1734,  Theobald  had  asked 
Warburton's  leave  to  copy  his  letters  before  returning,  on  the  ground 
that  they  contained  a  "rich  vein  of  ore  still  undrained."     Appendix  C. 


206  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

to  Warburton  the  accusation  made  in  the  preface  to  his 
edition  of  Shakespeare,  1747;  namely,  that  the  previous 
editor  has  sequestered  a  part  of  the  divine's  notes,  for  the 
benefit,  as  he  supposed,  of  some  future  edition.  This  state 
ment  Warburton  made  not  as  an  excuse  for  breaking  with 
his  correspondent,  but  in  justification  of  his  treatment  of  the 
unhappy  man  in  his  own  edition.  Since  Theobald,  many 
years  before,  had  returned  his  letters  and  renounced  all 
interest  in  them,  and  since  neither  in  his  second  edition  of 
Shakespeare  nor  elsewhere  had  he  made  any  use  of  War- 
burton's  notes,  his  faithless  friend  knew  the  charge  to  be 
absolutely  false. 

Warburton,  not  satisfied  with  Theobald's  excuse,  notified 
the  latter  that  he  had  selected  fifty  of  the  rejected  notes, 
which  were  better  than  any  of  those  printed.  These,  he  said, 
he  would  send  to  be  published  in  the  edition  of  Shakespeare's 
poems,29  and  Theobald  could  explain  that  they  had  been  mis 
laid  when  the  edition  of  the  plays  was  prepared.  But  since 
the  careful  scholar  did  not  intend  to  run  any  risk  in  admitting 
notes  to  any  work  of  his  on  Warburton's  recommendation 
alone,  he  requested  that  the  remarks  be  sent  as  soon  as 
possible,  "For  as,  on  the  one  Side,  I  would  not  press  you  in 
time;  so,  on  the  other,  I  would  have  time  fully  to  weigh 
them. "  30  Though  provoked  by  the  thought  that  his  criti 
cisms  required  scrutiny,31  Warburton  sent  the  fifty  together 
with  comments  on  thirteen  of  Theobald's  remarks.32 

29  Letter  of  March  17,  1734.     Nichols,  Illustrations   of  Literature, 
vol.  2,  p.  634. 

30  Letter  of  May  30,  1734.     Appendix  C. 

81  See  Letter  of  June  2,  1734.  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature, 
vol.  2,  p.  635.  Warburton  begins  this  letter  "Dear  Sir,"  whereas  his 
usual  form  of  address  was  "Dearest  Friend." 

32  Letter  of  July  11,  1734.  Appendix  C.  Warburton  used  strong 
terms  in  complimenting  Theobald's  edition:  "I  know  it  will  be  a 
pleasure  to  receive  it  [the  letter  containing  the  thirteen  criticisms^ 


207 

Still  chafing  under  the  treatment  his  notes  had  received 
and  were  receiving  at  the  hands  of  his  friend,  the  "  theological 
bully"  in  his  next  letter  made  a  second  threat  about  doing 
some  independent  work  on  Shakespeare : 

I  have  a  great  number  of  notes,  etc.  on  Shakespeare  for  some  future 
edition.  I  have  given  you  a  specimen  in  two  or  three  from  the 
Tempest,  and  Mid-summer  Night's  Dream,  in  the  fifty,  and  in  this 
edition.  How  forward  are  you  got  towards  the  Edition  of  the 
Poems?  33 

Possibly  Warburton  was  designing  to  edit  Shakespeare,  but 
it  is  more  probable  that  his  threat  of  a  future  edition  was 
intended  to  spur  Theobald  on  to  publish  the  poems,  in 
which  his  own  invaluable  notes  were  to  appear.  His  solici 
tude  about  the  appearance  of  the  edition  points  to  this 
inference.  Moreover,  after  nearly  a  year  had  elapsed,  he 
asked  his  correspondent  if  he  had  dropped  his  design  en 
tirely,  to  which  query  the  latter  replied  in  the  negative, 
promising  that  the  work  would  appear  in  the  spring  of 
1736. 

Finally  when  the  poems  showed  no  promise  of  appearing 
at  the  stated  time,  Warburton's  patience  broke  down.  On 
the  fourth  of  May  he  wrote  a  letter,  no  longer  extant,  it 
would  seem,  but  the  contents  of  which  can  readily  be 
gathered  from  Theobald's  straightforward  reply,  which 
effectually  disposed  of  the  weak  and  contemptible  charges 
made  against  him. 

and  it  is  no  small  compliment  to  your  Edition;  for  I  have  been  so  exact 
in  my  inquisitorial  search  after  faults,  that  I  dare  undertake  to  defend 
every  note  throughout  the  whole  bulky  work,  save  these  thirteen  I 
have  objected  to."  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  645. 
Compare  the  above  with  what  he  has  to  say  of  the  same  work  in  the 
preface  to  his  edition  of  Shakespeare. 

33  Letter  of  October  14,  1734.  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature, 
vol.  2,  p.  561.  The  italics  are  Warburton's. 


208  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

Wyan's  Court.     18  May  1736 
DEAR  SIR, 

I  reced  yours  of  the  4th  Instant,  and  should  have  reply 'd  to  it  the 
next  Post,  but  that  I  was  willing  to  get  over  the  Surprize  its  con 
tents  gave  me.  It  is  now  retorted  upon  Me,  that  you  gave  Me 
your  Notes  with  a  Generosity  I  could  not  complain  of.  I  thought 
on  the  other  hand,  I  had  not  only  confess'd  the  obligation  in  pri 
vate  but  to  the  World.  But  why  am  I  told  that  I  had  all  the 
Profit  of  my  Edition?  I  am  sure,  I  never  dreamt  to  this  day, 
but  that  the  Assistance  of  my  Friends  were  design' d  gratuitous; 
and  if  I  misunderstood  this  Point,  I  should  have  been  set  right 
by  some  Hints  before  the  Publication.  I  used,  you  say,  what 
Notes,  I  thought  fit.  I  own  as  Editor,  I  believ'd  I  had  a  discre 
tionary  Power  of  picking  and  chusing  my  Materials:  and  I  am 
certain  during  the  Affair,  you  conceded  this  Liberty  to  me:  the 
remaining  Notes  (in  an  Epistolary  Correspondence)  being  yours, 
or  no,  is  a  piece  of  Casuistry  which  I  shall  not  dispute  upon.  Tho' 
I  foresee,  they  are  now  to  be  turn'd  upon  me,  and  I  am  to  be  in  the 
State  of  a  country  conquer'd  by  its  Auxiliaries,  yet  tho  my  Bread 
and  Reputation  depended  upon  my  Compliance,  I  would  sacrifice 
both  Regards  at  any  Price  to  approve  Myself  Dear  Sir,  your 
obliged  Friend  and  very  humble  Servant. 

LEW.  THEOBALD. 

Since  Theobald's  failure  to  publish  all  of  his  assistant's 
notes  was  the  chief  irritant  to  Warburton's  pride,  it  is  natural 
to  infer  that  the  demanding  of  them  back  was  due  to  the 
desire  to  make  them  public.  The  inferior  scholar  had  been 
rising  in  the  world,  and  had  been  praised  for  the  notes  he 
contributed  to  Theobald's  edition.34  With  his  unjustifiable 
confidence  in  the  excellent  quality  of  his  notes  strengthened 
by  this  fact,  he  became  all  the  more  eager  to  give  his  criticisms 
to  the  world.  At  all  events,  Theobald,  thinking  that  his 

34  After  making  Warburton's  acquaintance,  Bishop  Hare  praised  his 
Shakespearean  notes:  Watson,  Life  of  Warburton,  1863,  p.  58.  This 
same  year  Warburton  published  his  Alliance  between  Church  and  State. 


THEOBALD'S  LATER  LIFE  209 

assistant  was  intending  to  publish  an  edition,  realized  that 
his  wisdom  in  rejecting  the  notes  would  be  publicly  put  upon 
trial.  This  must  be  what  he  means  by  being  "in  the  State 
of  a  country  conquered  by  its  Auxiliaries."  M 

In  rejecting  the  notes  of  which  he  could  not  approve 
Theobald  was  acting  not  only  within  his  right,  but  in  accord 
ance  with  his  duty.  Yet  even  more  amazing  than  this  charge 
of  omission  is  Warburton's  complaint  of  not  having  any  part 
in  the  profit  of  the  edition.  It  was  the  custom  at  that 
time  for  one  scholar  to  render  what  gratuitous  assistance 
he  could  to  another.  Bentley  had  given  of  the  stores  of 
his  knowledge  even  to  scholars  on  the  continent,  such  as 
Graevius,  Kuster,  and  Hemsterhuys.  For  this  reason 
Theobald  was  certainly  right  in  supposing  that  his  friend's 
assistance  was  freely  given,  and  in  reminding  him  that  any 
thought  to  the  contrary  should  have  been  made  known 
early  in  the  correspondence.  Furthermore,  Warburton 
"  appears  rather  to  have  been  recommended  to  him  than  he 
to  Warburton.  Warburton  seems  to  have  been  quite  as 
eager  to  offer  notes  on  Shakespeare  as  he  was  to  receive 
them."  36  After  Shakespeare  Restored  Theobald's  reputation 
was  high  enough  to  warrant  Tonson's  saying  that  the  critic 
would  have  the  assistance  of  all  lovers  of  Shakespeare,  so 
that  Warburton  might  well  have  been  proud  to  have  a  part 
in  the  projected  edition.  Finally,  for  the  avaricious  critic, 

36  In  October  of  the  following  year  Warburton  wrote  the  Reverend 
Thomas  Birch  that  he  believed  he  would  give  an  edition  of  Shakespeare 
to  the  world;  and  in  September  of  1738  he  repeated  his  intention 
to  the  same  gentleman.  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2, 
pp.  72,  96.  Warburton's  first  effort,  however,  to  get  his  notes  pub 
lished  was  in  Hanmer's  edition,  but  he  fell  out  with  that  editor  for 
reasons  somewhat  similar  to  those  that  made  him  break  with  Theobald. 

36  Watson,  Life  of  Warburton,  p.  301.  See  also  Nichols,  Illus 
trations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  242,  where  Warburton  encourages  Theo 
bald  in  the  correspondence,  telling  him  it  should  by  all  means  be  kept  up. 


210  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

who  was  fully  cognizant  of  Theobald's  financial  straits,  to 
begrudge  his  friend  the  profits  of  his  edition  while  he  himself 
was  enjoying  a  comfortable  living,  was  certainly  not  becom 
ing  a  Christian,  much  less  a  clergyman.37  Nor  was  this 
charge  merely  an  excuse  to  break  up  the  friendship.  Im 
mediately  after  Theobald  announced  Tonson's  terms,  War- 
burton  wrote  Stukely  that  the  editor  was  to  have  for  his 
edition  "eleven  hundred  guineas,  and  your  humble  servant 
for  his  pains  one  copy  of  the  royal  paper  books."  38 

Our  critic  was  by  no  means  ungrateful  for  the  assistance 
he  received.  He  made  a  most  handsome  acknowledgment 
of  Warburton's  services  in  his  preface,  while  in  the  body  of 
the  work  each  note  belonging  to  the  other  was  acknowledged 
with  high  praise.  Furthermore,  he  was  eager  to  repay  his 
debt  in  kind.  When  he  first  heard  of  the  other  critic's 
intention  of  editing  Pater culus,  he  rejoiced  in  the  undertaking 
and  assured  him  that  when  Shakespeare  was  off  his  hands, 
he  would  repay  the  least  part  of  his  debt  by  perusing  the 
Latin  author  to  find  corruptions,  a  task  he  would  embrace 
with  great  satisfaction.39  In  his  subsequent  correspondence 
he  frequently  mentioned  Warburton's  design,  at  the  same 
time  sending  him  such  notes  and  transcripts  as  he  thought 
might  be  helpful.40 

Warburton's  part  in  the  disagreement  was  nothing  short 

37  At  this  time  Warburton  possessed  the  living  of  Brant-Broughton, 
worth  £560,  and  of  Frisby,  worth  £250. 

38  Letter  of  November  10,  1731.     Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Litera 
ture,  vol.  2,  p.  13.     From  this  source  (or  from  Theobald's  controversy 
with  the  publishers)  may  have  come  the  report  that  Johnson  heard 
and  recorded  in  the  proposals  he  issued  in  1756  for  an  edition  of  Shake 
speare;   namely,  that  Theobald  "considered  learning  only  as  an  instru 
ment  of  gain." 

39  Letter  of  November  20,  1729.     Nichols,   Illustrations  of  Litera 
ture,  vol.  2,  p.  283. 

40  See  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  570,  and  letters 
of  20  June,  4  July,  29  July,  1732.     Appendix  C. 


211 

of  contemptible.  Two  or  three  years  later  he  was  to  be  on 
intimate  terms  with  the  man  who  had  abused  his  friend. 
Not  only  that,  he  himself  was  to  slander  that  friend  who  had 
always  dealt  honorably  by  him,  a  friend  who,  though  suffering 
grievous  injuries  at  his  hands  and  placed  in  a  position  to 
make  things  very  unpleasant  for  Pope  and  his  newly  acquired 
champion,  maintained  a  high-minded  silence.41  But  there 
was  one  who  did  not  forget  the  past.  When,  in  1748, 
Mathew  Concanen,  Theobald's  truest  friend,  returned  from 
Jamaica,  where  for  seventeen  years  he  had  held  the  post  of 
attorney  general,  he  avoided  coming  near  Warburton, 
which  conduct  the  latter  in  characteristic  fashion  attributed 
to  his  " scoundrel  temper."42 

In  September  Theobald  returned  his  correspondent's 
letters  with  the  explanation  that  the  delay  was  caused  by 
neither  negligence  nor  reluctance,  but  by  the  fact  that  he  had 
been  busily  employed  for  self  and  friends.  He  renounced  all 
the  privilege  he  might  have  in  the  notes,  and  said  that  as  he 
was  preparing  to  throw  out  three  supplementary  volumes  to 
Shakespeare  on  the  old  footing,  he  claimed  the  right  to  revoke 
all  Warburton's  notes  that  were  to  have  appeared  in  them.43 
If  Theobald  was  seriously  undertaking  such  a  project,  he 
never  carried  it  through  to  completion. 

From  this  time  on  there  is  little  to  be  found  on  Theobald's 
life.  That  his  reputation  as  a  scholar  was  not  declining  is 

41  Besides  the  material  Theobald  had  in  his  letters  for  revealing 
to  Pope  Warburton's  opinion  of  the  satirist,  he  could  very  easily  have 
called  attention  to  three  anonymus  contributions  his  former  associate 
had  made  to  The  Daily  Journal,  wherein  Pope  is  soundly  berated. 
(Professor  Lounsbury  discovered  these.     Text  of  Shakespeare,  Chap. 
17.)     Warburton's  attack  on  Theobald  was  publicly  made  only  after 
the  latter's  death,  an  event  of  which  the  former  must  have  learned 
with  a  sigh  of  relief. 

42  Watson,  Life  of  Warburton,  p.  30. 

43  Letter  of  September  4,  1736.     Appendix  C. 


212  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

clearly  evidenced  by  the  fact  that  in  1737  Thomas  Birch, 
a  friend  of  Warburton,  who  was  at  work  on  some  lives  of  the 
poets,  sent  to  him  a  number  of  queries  regarding  Ben  Jonson.44 
These  Theobald  answered  in  scholarly  fashion,  producing 
his  proofs  and  arriving  at  his  conclusions  with  sound  reason 
ing.  In  1740  appeared  the  second  edition  of  his  Shakespeare 
in  eight  volumes,  from  which  those  notes  and  parts  of  the 
preface  which  he  owed  to  his  former  assistant  were  excluded. 
He  also  omitted  the  conclusion  of  the  preface,  in  which  he 
had  acknowledged  the  assistance  he  had  received,  and  had 
mentioned  the  works  read  in  the  preparation  of  the  edition. 

The  profit  realized  on  the  first  issue  of  his  work  was  suffi 
cient  to  remove  all  want  from  his  door  for  several  years, 
but  by  the  time  the  second  edition  was  published  he  was 
again  in  straitened  circumstances.  In  the  spring  of  1741 
he  wrote  the  Duke  of  Newcastle  that  "a  loss  and  disappoint 
ment"  made  it  necessary  for  him  to  appeal  to  that  noble 
man.48  About  this  time  also  he  published  in  The  London 
Daily  Post  his  last  address  to  the  public,  "  delivered  in  a 
most  humble  strain  of  supplication,"  in  which  he  requested 
assistance  at  the  performance  of  a  benefit.46  It  was  prob 
ably  the  pressure  of  finances  that  incited  him  to  attempt 
his  last  critical  work.  In  1742  he  entered  into  an  agree 
ment  with  the  Tonsons  to  edit  the  plays  of  Beaumont  and 
Fletcher,  upon  which  he  had  been  working  for  fifteen 
years.  Being  unwilling  to  venture  on  the  undertaking 
alone,  he  publicly  advertised  for  assistance,  and  was  re 
warded  with  offers  from  two  gentlemen,  Thomas  Seward 
and  a  man  by  the  name  of  Sympson.47  Neither  of  them, 

44  See  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  654. 

45  See  Appendix,  p.  346. 

46  May  13,  1741.    See  Nichols,  vol.  2,  p.  745. 

47  Seward  was  canon  of  Lichfield  and  Salisbury,  a  friend  of  Johnson, 
and  father  of  the  "Swan  of  Lichfield."     I  have  not  been  able  to  find  any 
thing  about  the  other  gentleman. 


213 

however,  was  able  to  render  very  valuable  assistance.  They 
possessed  only  the  later  editions,  were  not  well  read  in  earlier 
English  literature,  and  Seward,  at  least,  was  afflicted  with  a 
vanity  almost  equal  to  Warburton's. 

It  is  not  remarkable,  then,  that  as  soon  as  the  first  volume 
had  been  printed,  trouble  arose.  Theobald,  following  the 
practice  he  had  adopted  with  his  first  helper,  refused  to  admit 
notes  that  did  not  meet  with  his  approval.  Immediately 
the  two  assistants  were  up  in  arms,  nor  would  they  be  pacified 
until  the  reluctant  editor  had  promised  to  publish  the  re 
jected  notes  in  a  postscript  at  the  end  of  each  volume. 
Furthermore,  Seward  found  fault  with  what  he  thought 
was  Theobald's  dogmatic  manner  of  speaking,  a  vice  he 
later  piously  claimed  to  have  cured  by  pointing  out  that 
it  was  neither  right  nor  politic. 

Death  cut  short  the  first  editor's  part  in  the  work.  The 
responsibility  of  the  edition  then  fell  upon  Seward,  although 
Sympson  saw  several  volumes  through  the  press.  Not 
withstanding  the  fact  that  they  claimed  to  have  received  the 
deceased  editor's  valuable  quartos,  with  his  notes  written 
on  the  margin,  the  two  men  were  not  prepared  to  produce 
a  good  edition.  Yet,  incompetent  and  rash  as  they  were, 
they  tried  to  follow  the  method  set  before  them.  They  were 
not  careful  in  their  collating,  yet  they  recognized  the  value 
of  collation ;  they  were  to  a  great  degree  ignorant  of  Eliza 
bethan  history  and  literature,  but  they  realized  that  a 
knowledge  of  such  was  essential  to  an  editor.48  Owing  to 
their  ignorance  of  Elizabethan  language,  the  supports  to 
their  bold  emendations  are  weak,  but  they  evidence  the  feel 
ing  that  changes  in  the  text  should  not  be  arbitrary,  but 
should  be  supported  by  some  authority. 

48  Seward  says  it  is  necessary  for  a  critic  to  know  "every  single 
work,  History,  Custom,  Trade,  etc.  that  Shakespeare  himself  knew." 
Introduction,  p.  Ixxiii.  The  italics  are  his. 


214  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

The  edition  did  not  appear  until  1750.49  Although  now 
recognized  as  the  first  serious  attempt  toward  a  critical  re 
construction  of  an  eclectic  text,  formed  by  collation  and  emen 
dation,  it  is  not  held  in  very  high  regard.  Yet  subsequent 
editors  have  made  the  mistake  of  not  considering  Theobald's 
part  separately  from  the  rest.50  Even  a  superficial  examina 
tion  of  the  volumes  reveals  in  his  portion  a  more  careful 
collation,  more  variant  readings,  and  a  more  manifest 
hesitancy  to  depart  from  the  text  than  can  be  found  in  the 
plays  edited  by  the  other  two  men.  Seward  himself  testified 
to  the  fact  that  Theobald  collated  with  accuracy,51  while 
there  is  an  abundance  of  evidence  that  the  latter  realized 
the  value  of  the  old  quartos,  and  recognized  that  a  careful 
collation  of  them  was  necessary  to  the  establishment  of  a 
good  text.52  His  emendations  have  been  so  overshadowed 
by  his  Shakespearean  criticism  that  they  have  not  received 
due  attention,  but  one  editor,  at  least,  has  praised  them.53 

49  The  Works  of  Mr.  Francis  Beaumont,  and  Mr.  John  Fletcher.     In 
ten  Volumes.     Collated  with  all  the  former  Editions,  and  corrected.      With 
Notes  Critical  and  Explanatory.     By  the  late  Mr.  Theobald,  Mr.  Seward 
of  Eyaur  in  Derbyshire,  and  Mr.  Sympson  of  Gainsborough.     London: 
Printed  for  J.  and  R.  Tonson  and  S.  Draper  in  the  Strand  1750. 

50  Under  Theobald's  care  were  printed  all  of  volume  one,  including 
The  Maid's  Tragedy,  Philaster,  A  King  and  No  King,  The  Scornful 
Lady  ;  volume  two  to  page  233,  comprising  The  Custom  of  the  Country, 
The  Elder  Brother,  and  nearly  four  acts  of  The  Spanish  Curate;   and 
volume  three  to  page  69,  consisting  of  the  first  four  and  a  half  acts  of 
The  Humorous  Lieutenant. 

51  Vol.  2,  p.  276. 

62  Theobald  is  constantly  correcting  from  the  old  quartos,  which, 
he  says,  are  the  most  to  be  depended  on,  and  "are  worth  their  Weight 
in  Gold."     Vol.  2,  p.  102;  vol.  1,  148.     "I  am  sorry,  I  have  Occasion 
so  often  to  trouble  the  Readers  with  these    Minutiae  Litterarum:    I 
am  very  far  from  pleading  any  Merit  in  it;   but  it  is  the  dull  Duty  of 
an  Editor  to  shew,  at  least,  his  industry  in  a  faithful  Collation  of  the 
old  Copies."     Vol.  1,  p.  109.     His  last  slap  at  Pope! 

63  See  the  introduction  to  Weber's  edition  of  Beaumont  and  Fletcher. 


215 

They  employ  the  same  method  and  evince  the  same  acumen 
and  broad  scholarship  so  characteristic  of  his  earlier  work.54 
Finally,  in  his  illustrative  notes  are  found  a  wealth  of  parallel 
passages  drawn  from  the  literature  of  the  sixteenth  and 
seventeenth  centuries. 

Of  Theobald's  last  days  nothing  is  known  except  that  they 
were  embittered  by  a  severe  disease.  After  suffering  from 
a  jaundice  for  several  months,  he  met  a  peaceful  death  on 
September  18,  1744.  Two  days  later  he  was  buried  in 
St.  Pancras  cemetery,  attended  by  one  friend. 

"He  was  of  a  generous  spirit,  too  generous  for  his  circum 
stances;  and  none  knew  how  to  do  a  handsome  thing  or 
confer  a  benefit,  when  in  his  power,  with  a  better  grace  than 
himself."  55  Thus  wrote  one  who  had  known  him  for 
thirty  years.  And  in  looking  back  over  his  career  there 
appears  little  to  blame  and  much  to  praise.  Continually 
battling  against  adversity,  the  disheartening  demands  of 
poverty,  and  the  cruel  attacks  of  Pope,  he  bravely  struggled 
through  the  task  he  had  set  himself.  Sensitive,  modest, 
lacking  in  self-confidence,  his  nature  was  all  the  more  open 
to  the  thrusts  of  satire  and  the  falsehoods  of  malice.  Though 
for  the  most  part  suffering  in  silence  and  passing  over  with 
manly  dignity  the  libels  of  his  adversary,  at  times  he  showed 
a  seeming  vindictiveness,  which,  after  all,  was  but  the  natural 
reaction  of  an  oversensitive  and  underconfident  nature  to 
almost  unendurable  taunts.  Even  then  he  took  no  mean 
advantage,  he  indulged  in  no  falsehood;  he  attacked  only 

54  See  vol.  1,  pp.  30,  *45,  142.     Theobald  wrote  emendations  and 
variant  readings  on  the  margin  of  his  copies.     It  was  his  custom  to 
put  his  initials  where  he  intended  a  note  or  thought  he  had  made  an 
unusually  good  emendation.     Seward  tells  us  that  in  one  place  Theo 
bald's  initials,  following  a  correction,  are  written  in  "old  ink,"  while 
"First  Quarto"  is  written  in  new,  showing  that  his  emendation  inde 
pendently  made  had  been  verified  by  collation.     Vol.  2,  p.  315. 

55  See  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  745. 


216 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


what  was  manifestly  reprehensible.  He  made  by  far  the 
best  figure  in  the  Dunciad  war.  In  the  midst  of  all  the  dirt 
and  filth  thrown  up  by  both  sides,  he  alone  was  free  from 
stooping.  Sympathetic,  liberal,  true  to  his  friends,  it  is 
not  strange  that  they  so  anxiously  defended  him.  Only 
one  proved  recreant.  Possibly  it  would  be  hard  to  find  in 
history  a  man  who  has  suffered  more  injustice  at  the  hands 
of  posterity. 


CHAPTER  VII 

THE  PROGRESS  OF  THE  METHOD 

THE  early  years  of  the  eighteenth  century  witnessed 
numerous  editions  of  the  English  classics,  produced  with 
little  or  no  care.1  The  close  of  the  century  saw  the  modern 
method  of  critical  editing  fairly  well  outlined  and  established. 
In  a  way  the  change  was  gradual.  Earlier  editions  were 
studied  more  carefully  and  their  respective  merits  determined. 
The  feeling  for  accuracy  in  collation  gradually  grew,  fostered 
by  the  successful  restorations  made  by  each  succeeding 
scholar.  Investigation  of  earlier  literature  and  history  pro 
duced  accumulative  results  that  became  the  heritage  of  each 
subsequent  critic  and  suggested  further  fields  of  research. 
Yet,  as  in  most  gradual  changes,  there  was  one  point  where 
development  was  turned  in  the  right  direction,  where  the 
path  was  so  plainly  pointed  out  that  thereafter  none  needed 
to  go  astray. 

In  the  first  quarter  of  the  century  two  methods  had  been 
followed  in  bringing  the  poets  of  the  past  before  the  public. 
One  was  employed  by  publishers  who,  thinking  that  some 
profit  might  be  derived  from  reviving  an  old  poet,  issued  an 
edition  of  him  generally  taken  verbatim,  with  some  extra 
errors,  from  the  last  printed  copy.  Such  a  production  was 

1  The  years  intervening  between  Howe's  and  Pope's  editions  of 
Shakespeare  produced  editions  of  Beaumont  and  Fletcher,  Ben  Jonson, 
Chaucer,  Spenser,  and  Milton.  In  nearly  all  editions  of  earlier  poets 
Tonson  had  a  hand.  Sufficient  credit  has  not  been  given  this  publish 
ing  house  for  its  part  in  these  and  later  productions. 


218 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


The  Works  of  Ben  Jonson,  1715-1716,  which  is  purely  a 
reprint  of  the  folio  of  1692  —  itself  a  reprint  of  the  1640 
folio  —  and  contains  neither  introduction  nor  notes.  Another 
was  the  edition  of  Beaumont  and  Fletcher,  issued  by  Tonson 
in  1711,  which  is  only  a  reprint  of  the  folio  of  1679,  and  with 
the  exception  of  a  preface  contains  nothing  but  the  bare 
text.2  The  method,  however,  that  grew  in  favor  with  the 
publishers  was  the  engaging  of  some  living  poet  to  edit  an 
older  one.  In  this  way  they  hoped  to  increase  their  profits 
since  the  fame  of  the  editor  would  give  luster  to  his  edition. 
The  procedure  followed  by  these  poetical  editors  was  very 
simple.  They  depended  chiefly  upon  the  last  edition  of  the 
poet,  though  sometimes  pretending  to  collate  older  copies, 
prefixed  a  preface  giving  some  details  of  the  life  of  the  poet 
and  some  remarks  on  his  works,  and  sometimes  added  a 
glossary.  Howe's  edition  of  Shakespeare  made  popular  the 
prefatory  biography,  and  Gildon  added  a  glossary  to  Rowe's 
second  edition.3  In  his  edition  of  the  Faerie  Queene,  1715, 
Hughes  followed  Rowe,  while  Fenton  wrote  a  life  for  Tonson's 
edition  of  Milton,  1725.4  The  climax  in  this  kind  of  editing 
was  reached  in  Pope's  edition  of  Shakespeare,  which,  though 
the  best  and  most  ambitious  of  its  kind,  rang  down  the 
curtain  on  all  such  performances.  The  poetical  editors  were 

2  The  preface,  entitled  "Some  Account  of  the  Authors  and  their 
Writings,"  mentions  the  quartos  and  the  folios  of  1645  and  1679  but 
says  nothing  of  collation.     It  gives,  however,  something  of  the  lives 
of  the  dramatists  and  the  sources  of  many  of  their  plays,  all  of  which 
material  was  drawn  from  Langbaine. 

3  Rowe  revised  the  works  of  Massinger,  and  at  one  time  intended 
to  publish  them.     See  advertisement  prefixed  to  an  edition  of  The 
Bondman,  1710. 

4  William  Broome  carried  to  completion  Urry's  edition  of  Chaucer, 
1721.     Fenton's  edition  of  Waller,  1729,  shows  the  influence  of  Shake 
speare  Restored  in  its  emphasis  upon  collation  and  in  the  explanation  of 
words  and  historical  allusions,  wherein  he  quotes  passages  from  various 
authors  and  "expounds  the  author  by  himself." 


THE  PROGRESS  OF  THE  METHOD  219 

not  averse  to  revising  their  poets,  but  their  corrections 
were  purely  arbitrary  though  occasionally  happy.5 

Such  was  the  state  of  editing  when  Theobald  appeared 
on  the  scene.  Familiar  with  the  care  employed  by  classical 
scholars  on  Greek  and  Roman  writers,  stimulated  by  the 
unusual  interest  in  the  new  textual  criticism,  and  thoroughly 
conversant  with  Bentley's  method,  he  saw  that  to  get  results, 
it  was  necessary  to  treat  Shakespeare's  text  as  that  of  a 
classic.  This  realization  led  him  to  adapt  Bentley's  method 
to  his  own  purposes  in  Shakespeare  Restored  and  his  edition 
of  the  dramatist.  These  mark  the  beginning  of  an  epoch 
in  English  scholarship  just  as  plainly  as  the  Epistle  to  Mill 
and  Dissertation  on  the  Epistles  of  Phalaris  mark  a  new  era 
in  classical  research.  The  importance  of  Theobald's  work 
lies  in  the  fact  that  it  inspired  scholars  with  an  interest  in 
their  native  literature,  created  a  demand  for  critical  editions 
of  English  poets,  and  made  popular  a  method  which,  with 
amplifications  and  modifications,  has  come  down  to  the 
present  day. 

Too  much  emphasis  cannot  be  placed  upon  the  service 
Theobald  did  for  research  in  English  literature  when  he 
turned  the  attention  of  scholars  to  a  new  field  of  investiga 
tion,  a  field  that  had  either  been  unnoticed  or  scorned  before. 
As  long  as  editing  remained  in  the  hands  of  poets  who  were 
not  scholars,  there  was  no  hope  for  any  critical  work.  It 
was  Pope's  fame  and  not  the  worth  of  his  edition  that  in 
creased  the  interest  already  felt  in  Shakespeare.  The 
merits  of  the  work  attracted  no  scholar,  created  no  interest 
in  the  text.  Its  defects  aroused  Theobald,  but  Pope  can  be 

6  Theobald  constantly  speaks  of  "poetical  editors,"  and  Zachary 
Grey  divides  Shakespeare's  editors  into  critical  and  poetical.  See 
preface  to  Critical,  Historical  and  Explanatory  Notes  on  Shakespeare, 
1745.  See  also  An  Attempt  to  Rescue  that  Aunciente  English  Poet,  and 
Play-Wright,  Maister  Williaume  Shakespeare,  1749,  p.  20. 


220 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


given  no  more  praise  for  that  result  than  can  be  granted 
Boyle  for  Bentley's  Dissertation.  Had  not  the  scholar  re 
viewed  the  poet's  edition,  textual  criticism  in  the  great 
dramatist  could  hardly  have  been  awakened.  On  the  other 
hand,  the  success  of  Theobald's  method  opened  the  eyes  of 
scholars  as  well  as  of  general  readers  of  Shakespeare : 

No  sooner  therefore  were  Criticisms  wrote  on  our  English  poets, 
but  each  deep  read  scholar  whose  severer  studies  had  made  him 
frown  with  contempt  on  Poems  and  Plays,  was  taken  in  to  read, 
to  study,  to  be  enamour'd;  He  rejoiced  to  try  his  strength  with 
the  editor,  and  to  become  a  critic  himself. 6 

Theobald's  first  work  on  Shakespeare  had  created  an 
unusual  interest  in  the  text,  and  when  it  became  known 
that  he  was  seriously  intending  an  edition,  many  assistants 
were  glad  to  render  aid.7  Among  these  were  several  scholars, 
foremost  of  whom  was  Styvan  Thirlby,  editor  of  Justin 
Martyr,  1721.  At  first  he  had  intended  to  edit  Shakespeare, 
but  upon  learning  that  the  task  had  fallen  into  able  hands, 
he  gave  up  the  design  and  sent  to  Theobald  his  copy  of  the 
dramatist  with  marginal  corrections  together  with  a  long 
list  of  emendations.  He  also  promised,  if  his  health  per 
mitted,  to  gather  enough  material  to  make  an  appendix 
to  the  edition.8  Another  student  of  the  classics  who  assisted 
Theobald  with  observations  was  Dr.  Thomas  Bentley, 

6  Seward's  introduction  to  edition  of  Beaumont  and  Fletcher,  1750, 
p.  Iviii. 

7  When  Theobald  first  closed  his  contract  with  Tonson,  the  latter 
assured  him  that  he  would  have  the  assistance  of  all  admirers  of  Shakes 
peare.     Among  those  who  contributed  were  Thomas  Coxeter,  Hawley 
Bishop,  Martin  Folkes,  and  an  anonymous  correspondent,  L.  H.,  who 
prefaced  his  corrections  with  the  remark,  "As  I  am  very  well  satisfied 
with  Mr.  Theobald's  capacity  for  the  province  he  has  undertaken, 
perhaps  there  may  be  none  of  these  observations  new  to  him."     Nichols, 
Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  631. 

8  Nichols,  Illustration  of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  222 . 


THE  PROGRESS  OF  THE  METHOD  221 

nephew  of  the  great  Bentley  and  editor  of  the  "  Little 
Horace."  9  Still  another  was  Nicholas  Hardinge,  who  was 
a  graduate  of  Cambridge  and  enjoyed  some  reputation  in 
his  day.10 

The  attention  of  scholars  was  turned  not  only  to  the 
Shakespearean  text  but  also  to  the  texts  of  other  English 
poets.  It  is  very  probable  that  Shakespeare  Restored  inspired 
Bentley  to  his  fatal  edition  of  Milton.11  For  a  number  of 
years  after  the  appearance  of  that  monstrosity  there  persisted 
a  feeling  that  it  was  the  first  critical  edition  of  an  English 
poet.  Theobald,  in  claiming  that  honor  for  his  Shakespeare, 
felt  called  upon  to  point  out  that  his  rival  intended  to  show 
not  how  Milton  wrote  but  how  he  ought  to  have  written. 
Yet  many  years  later  Seward  called  Bentley,  "the  first  re 
markable  introducer  of  Critical  Editions  of  our  English 
Poets,"  and  said  that  the 

strange  Absurdities  in  his  Notes  on  Milton  has  this  good  effect, 
that  they  engag'd  a  Pierce  to  answer,  and  perhaps  were  the  first 
Motives  to  induce  the  greatest  Poet,  the  most  universal  Genius, 
one  of  the  most  industrious  Scholars  in  the  Kingdom,  each  to 
become  Editor  of  Shakespeare.12 

Of  course,  the  Milton  is  not  a  critical  edition;  it  merely 
shows  one  phase  of  textual  criticism  gone  mad.  Yet  while 
the  editor  established  no  method,  he  did  call  the  attention 
of  scholars  to  the  text  of  the  great  epic. 

Another  classical  critic  to  do  pioneer  work  in  the  textual 
study  of  English  classics  was  the  Reverend  John  Jortin,  a 

9  Theobald's  edition  of  Shakespeare,  vol.  7,  p.  427. 

10  Idem,  vol.  3,  p.  367.     Dr.  Bentley  praised  one  of  his  emendations 
on  Horace.     See  Nichols,  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  1,  p.  728. 

11  Jebb  says  Bentley  first  wrote  criticisms  on  Milton  in  1726,  the 
year  Theobald's  treatise  appeared. 

12  Introduction  to  Works  of  Beaumont  and  Fletcher,  1750,  p.  Iviii. 
Seward  is  obviously  wrong  in  implying  that  Pope,  Theobald,  and  Han- 
mer  drew  their  inspiration  from  Bentley's  Milton. 


222 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


friend  of  Theobald  and  "  a  scholar  in  every  sense  of  the  word." 
Owing  to  the  influence  of  Shakespeare  Restored  his  first  in 
terest  was  in  the  subject  of  that  treatise.  He  and  Theobald 
had  discussed  the  need  of  a  revision  of  Shakespeare's  poems, 
and  had  Thirlby  published  his  edition  of  the  dramatist,  Jortin 
would  have  assisted  in  pointing  out  the  passages  wherein  the 
classics  seem  to  be  imitated.  Turning  away  from  Shake 
speare,  however,  in  1734  he  published  his  Remarks  on 
Spenser's  Poems  and  on  Milton's  Paradise  Lost,  practically  all  of 
which  are  concerned  with  verbal  criticism,  though  the  author 
is  somewhat  fearful  of  emending.13  He  points  out  Spenser's 
peculiarities  in  spelling,  pronunciation,  meter,  and  diction. 
He  carefully  studies  the  context  of  the  passages  he  emends, 
and  some  of  his  remarks  show  Theobald's  fondness  for  parallel 
passages.14 

In  the  next  quarter  of  a  century  nearly  all  the  men  who 
attempted  critical  editions  of  English  poets  were  recognized 
classical  scholars  —  Morell,  Upton,  Church,  and  Whalley  - 
and  those  who  were  not,  with  one  or  two  exceptions,  had  no 
claim  to  the  title  of  poet.  Shakespeare's  first  real  editor 
showed  that  critical  care  could  be  expended  on  English 
classics  with  just  as  much  profit  and  reputation  as  upon  Latin 
and  Greek  authors.  He  took  the  task  of  editing  out  of  the 
hands  of  poets  and  hacks,  and  gave  it  to  those  whose  interest 
and  abilities  lay  in  research. 

13  Theobald  thought  Jortin's  work  suffered  from  being  too  conserva 
tive,    the   author   having   been   frightened   by   Markland's   excessive 
emendations  in  the  classics.     See  Appendix,  p.  329. 

14  See   Tracts,   Philological,   Critical,  and  Miscellaneous,   1790,  vol. 
1,  p.  192.     While  Jortin's  notes  are  not  very  valuable,  he  at  least 
realized  their  insufficiency,  and  acknowledged  that  he  was  unable  to 
spend  the  time  and  application  necessary  for  a  critical  edition  of  Spen 
ser.     He  expressed  the  desire,  however,  to  see  the  exact  text  restored 
by  collation  and  by  comparing  the  author  with  himself,  a  procedure 
Theobald  had  repeatedly  emphasized. 


THE  PROGRESS  OF  THE  METHOD  223 

Although  scholars  were  the  first  to  awake  to  the  significance 
of  the  innovation  that  had  been  introduced  into  the  study  of 
English  texts,  the  public  became  more  and  more  interested. 
Theobald's  edition  of  Shakespeare  showed  that  careful 
textual  and  explanatory  notes  enabled  the  less  learned  to 
read  older  literature  with  a  greater  degree  of  pleasure  and 
understanding.  Thence  gradually  arose  a  demand  for 
critical  editions,  and  the  incentive  of  praise,  so  powerful 
before  in  producing  editions  of  the  classics,  prompted  scholars 
to  undertake  English  poets. 

The  favorable  reception  which  the  labours  of  those  applauded 
men  have  met  with  from  the  public,  who  have  given  new  and 
correct  editions  of  our  English  poets,  illustrated  with  notes,  was 
a  principal  inducement  for  publishing  the  works  of  Jonson  in  the 
same  manner.15 

With  both  critics  and  general  readers,  English  scholarship, 
was  rising  to  an  equal  dignity  with  classical,  and  its  value 
was  firmly  asserted : 

To  publish  new  and  correct  editions  of  the  works  of  approved 
authors  has  ever  been  esteemed  a  service  to  learning.  It  is  not 
material  whether  an  author  is  ancient  or  modern.  Good  criticism 
is  the  same  in  all  languages.  Nay  I  know  not  whether  there  is 
not  greater  merit  in  cultivating  our  own  language  than  any  other. 
And  certainly  next  to  a  good  writer,  a  good  critic  holds  the  second 
rank  in  the  republic  of  letters.16 

15  Preface    to    Whalley's    edition    of    Ben    Jonson,    1756.     Eleven 
years  before,  Whalley  had  said  that  although  Shakespeare  had  been 
considered  below  his  contemporaries,  now  he  was  extolled  above  all, 
owing  to  the  labors  of  his  editors.     An  Enquiry  into  the  Learning  of 
Shakespeare,  1745,  p.  11. 

Seward  says  that  "Almost  every  one  buys  and  reads  the  works  of  our 
late  critical  editors,  nay  almost  every  man  of  learning  aims  at  imitating 
them  and  making  emendations  himself."  Works  of  Beaumont  and 
Fletcher,  1750,  Introduction,  p.  lix. 

16  Preface  to  Thomas   Newton's  edition  of   Paradise   Lost,    1749. 
Another  classical  scholar  of  this  period  speaks  to  the  same  effect: 


224  LEWIS  THEOBALD 

One  of  the  elements  underlying  the  romantic  revival  was 
an  awakened  interest  in  old  poets.17  To  Theobald  belongs 
no  small  part  of  the  credit  for  this  movement.  His  critical 
method  inspired  scholars  to  resurrect  poets  who  had  lain 
in  partial  obscurity,  and  who,  for  the  most  part,  had  been 
looked  upon  only  as  objects  of  interest  to  antiquarians ; 18 
while  his  numerous  quotations  from  early  writers  tended 
to  excite  curiosity  concerning  them.  Undoubtedly  the  grow 
ing  appreciation  of  the  literary  heritage  of  the  past  was  first 
stimulated  by  the  efforts  of  critics  and  editors.19 

Every  reader  of  Taste  must  congratulate  the  present  age,  on 
the  spirit  which  has  prevailed  of  reviving  our  Old  Poets.  Within 

"For  the  honour  of  criticism  not  only  the  divines  already  mentioned 
but  others  also,  of  rank  still  superior,  have  bestowed  their  labours 
upon  our  capital  poets,  suspending  for  a  while  their  severer  studies, 
to  relax  in  these  regions  of  genius  and  imagination."  James  Harris, 
Philological  Inquiries,  Chap.  IV,  p.  25. 

17  See  W.  L.  Phelps,  The  Beginning  of  the  English  Romantic  Revival. 

18  "I  cannot  dismiss  this  section  [Spenser's  imitations  of  Chaucer] 
without  a  wish,  that  this  neglected  author  whom  Spenser  proposed  in 
some  measure,  as  the  pattern  of  his  language,  and  to  whom  he  is  not 
a  little  indebted  for  many  noble  strokes  of.  poetry  should  be  more 
universally  and  attentively  studied.     Chaucer  seems  to  be  regarded 
rather  as  an  old  poet,  than  as  a  good  one,  and  that  he  wrote  English 
verses  four  hundred  years  ago  seems  more  frequently  to  be  urged  in 
his  favor,  than  that  he  wrote  four  hundred  years  ago  with  taste  and 
judgment.     We  look  upon  his  poems  rather  as  venerable  relics,  than 
as  finished  patterns;    as  pieces  calculated  rather  to  gratify  the  anti 
quarian  than  the  critic.     When  I  sat  down  to  read  Chaucer  with  that 
curiosity  of  knowing  how  the  first  English  poet  wrote,  I  left  him  with 
the  satisfaction  of  having  found  what  later  and  more  refin'd  ages  could 
hardly  equal  in  true  humour,  pathos,  or  sublimity."     Thomas  Warton, 
Observations  on  the  Fairy  Queen,  1754,  p.  141. 

19  Seward  speaks  of  "the  merit  of  Criticism  in  establishing  the 
taste  of  the  age,  in  raising  respect  in  the  contemptuous  and  attention 
in  the  careless  readers  of  our  old  poets."     Works  of  Beaumont  and 
Fletcher,  Introduction,  p.  lix. 


THE  PKOGRESS  OF  THE  METHOD  225 

these  few  years,  Shakespeare,  Beaumont  and  Fletcher,  Jonson, 
and  Milton  have  been  published  with  elegance  and  accuracy.20 

The  opening  of  a  new  field  for  scholarship,  however,  and 
the  promoting  of  a  general  interest  in  the  literature  of  the 
past  were  but  the  result  of  the  method  Theobald  established. 
The  object  of  this  method  was  twofold :  the  establishment 
of  the  most  correct  text  possible,  and  the  elucidation  of  that 
text.  The  first  step  taken  was  a  careful  collation  of  the 
earliest  editions.  Both  Rowe  and  Pope  claimed  to  have 
collated,  but  had  done  little  in  that  direction.  Again  and 
again  Theobald  lashed  their  carelessness  and  insisted  upon 
the  need  and  value  of  a  careful  comparison  of  the  various 
editions.  While  he  left  much  to  be  desired  in  recording 
variant  readings,  he  did  note  a  large  number,  and  where 
necessary,  gave  reasons  for  the  selection  or  rejection  of  read 
ings.  If  collation  failed  to  remove  obscurities,  recourse  was 
had  to  emendations,  not  the  arbitrary  changes  characteristic 
of  preceding  editors,  but  changes  supported  by  some  evidence 
and  made  only  where  the  need  was  shown.  In  the  elucidation 
of  the  text,  the  plan  most  frequently  followed  was  the 
quoting  of  parallel  passages  that  illustrated  the  meaning  of 
unfamiliar  expressions.  Obscure  allusions  were  explained 
by  quotations  from  the  literature  and  references  to  the 
history  of  Shakespeare's  time.  Diligent  use  was  made  of 

20  An  Impartial  Estimate  of  the  Reverend  Mr.  Upton's  Notes  on  the 
Fairy  Queen,  1759,  p.  1.  This  sentence  is  immediately  followed  by 
another  giving  the  reason  for  the  popularity  of  critical  editions:  "They 
[the  poets  mentioned  above]  have  been  explained  from  a  diligent  ex 
amination  of  the  writings  of  their  contemporary  authors;  and  in 
proportion  as  they  have  received  this  rational  method  of  illustration, 
they  have  been  studied  with  new  pleasure  and  improvement.  Among 
the  rest  Spenser,  as  he  best  deserves,  has  engaged  the  attention  of 
ingenious  critics."  When  we  consider  that  "this  rational  method" 
was  wholly  unknown  before  Theobald  made  it  popular,  we  see  what  he 
contributed  to  romanticism. 


226 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


histories,  dictionaries,  glossaries,  antiquarian  productions, 
and  such  other  works  of  reference  as  were  then  available. 
Finally,  both  textual  and  explanatory  notes  show  a  close 
study  of  the  author  and  knowledge  of  his  peculiarities  in 
thought  and  style. 

While  the  impulse  to  edit  Shakespeare  came  from  Theo 
bald,  directly  or  indirectly,  the  editors  immediately  following 
him  did  not  show  much  familiarity  with  his  method.21  Han- 
mer  followed  Pope,  but  used  some  of  Theobald's  material. 
Warburton  contented  himself  with  his  former  friend's  colla 
tion,  and  stole  from  him  to  add  to  his  own  frequently  absurd 
notes.  And  Johnson,  intent  on  his  common  sense  remarks, 
did  not  advance  collation  or  investigation  very  far. 

With  the  later  editors  of  Shakespeare,  however,  the  case 
is  different:  "So  far  as  any  later  editor  achieved  success," 
says  Professor  Lounsbury,  "it  was  by  following  and  improv 
ing  upon  the  methods  which  Theobald  had  adopted." M 
In  speaking  of  Theobald's  death  Warburton's  biographer 
says, 

Such  was  the  end  of  him  who  first  showed  how  Shakespeare's 
text  was  to  be  amended  and  illustrated,  and  whom  succeeding  com 
mentators  have  followed,  if  not  exactly,  to  borrow  the  illustration 
of  Holofernes,  as  a  hound  his  master,  yet  assuredly,  at  least  the 
best  of  them,  with  close  imitation.23 

One  scholar,  by  no  means  friendly  to  Theobald,  is  of  the 
opinion  that  by  a  careful  collation  of  quartos  and  folios  he 
pointed  the  way  to  the  modern  editor.24  When  the  same 

21  Johnson's  interest  in  the  text  was  probably  inspired  by  Hanmer's 
edition,  which,  in  turn,  grew  out  of  the  interest  aroused  by  Theobald's 
work.     Warburton's  study  of  the  plays  is  directly  traceable  to  his 
association   with   Theobald.     See   D.    N.   Smith,    Eighteenth   Century 
Essays  on  Shakespeare,  Introduction,  p.  li. 

22  Text  of  Shakespeare,  p.  544. 

23  Watson,  Life  of  William  Warburton,  p.  43. 

24  D.  N.  Smith,  Eighteenth  Century  Essays  on  Shakespeare,  p.  xxix. 


THE  PROGRESS  OF  THE  METHOD  227 

investigator  later  remarks  that  the  best  commentary  on 
Shakespeare  is  the  literature  of  his  own  age,  he  could  very 
well  have  given  Theobald  the  credit  for  the  discovery  of  this 
fact  also.25  As  Professor  Lounsbury  says,  Theobald  was  the 
first  to  attempt  a  real  collation  of  the  sources  of  the  text,  and 
the  first  to  illustrate  its  meaning  by  a  study  of  contemporary 
Elizabethan  literature.26  Johnson  gave  Pope  the  credit 
for  pointing  the  way  toward  collation  ;  but  though  the  poet 
spoke  of  collating  the  old  editions,  his  failure  to  follow  his 
own  advice  gave  no  weight  to  the  suggestion.  It  certainly 
did  not  teach  Hanmer,  Warburton,  and  Johnson  to  be  more 
accurate.  To  Steevens  has  been  given  the  credit  for  first 
following  Johnson's  plan  of  illustrating  Shakespeare  by  the 
writers  of  his  time,  but  the  method  had  been  exemplified  some 
forty  years  before. 

The  influence  of  Theobald's  treatment  of  the  text  is  im 
mediately  seen  in  those  critical  treatises,  modeled  upon 
Shakespeare  Restored,  which  appeared  about  the  middle 
of  the  eighteenth  century.  In  1740  Francis  Peck  published 
his  New  Memoirs  of  the  Life  and  Poetical  Works  of  Mr.  John 
Milton,  which  contained  a  section  entitled  "Explanatory 
and  Critical  Notes  on  divers  Passages  of  Milton  and  Shake 
speare."  Peck  claims  that  his  remarks  on  the  dramatist 
were  written  in  1736,  two  years  after  Theobald's  edition  had 
been  given  to  the  public.  Though  he  is  not  very  fortunate 
in  his  emendations,  which  he  advances  in  Theobald's  manner, 
his  explanatory  notes  are  often  valuable,  for  he  followed  his 
predecessor  in  bringing  his  extensive  antiquarian  knowledge 
to  bear  upon  allusions  to  the  customs  and  history  of  former 
times.  In  his  explication  of  words  and  phrases  he  is  fond 
of  "  expounding  the  author  by  himself,"  so  that  notes  of  this 
kind  are  exact  copies  of  Theobald's.  Another  praiseworthy 

26  D.  N.  Smith,  Eighteenth  Century  Essays  on  Shakespeare,  p.  xxxii. 
26  Text  of  Shakespeare,  p.  544. 


228 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


feature  of  the  essay  is  the  bibliography  of  Shakespeare's 
works,  placed  at  the  end  of  the  chapter,  and  arranged  in 
chronological  order,  which,  besides  being  much  more  com 
plete  than  any  previous  one,  contains  remarks  on  the  various 
editions  quoted  from  Theobald  and  Langbaine. 

Another  work  which  adopted  the  new  method  was  Peter 
Whalley's  An  Inquiry  into  the  Learning  of  Shakespeare  with 
Remarks  on  several  Passages  of  his  Plays  published  in  1745. 
Only  a  minor  part  of  the  production  is  devoted  to  the  question 
of  Shakespeare's  knowledge  of  the  classics,  the  author  adopt 
ing  the  moderate  view  that  the  dramatist  had  more  learning 
than  was  generally  accorded  him.  To  support  this  opinion 
he  lays  much  emphasis  on  the  fact  that  the  Hamlet  story  is 
contained  in  Saxo  Grammaticus,  and  quotes  a  number  of 
passages  from  Latin  and  Greek  authors  whom,  he  thinks, 
Shakespeare  imitated.  Throughout  his  discussion  of  the 
plays  he  adopts  the  historical  point  of  view,  explaining  pass 
ages  and  allusions  in  Shakespeare  by  reference  to  the  thought, 
customs,  and  literature  of  the  sixteenth  and  seventeenth 
centuries.  There  could  hardly  be  a  more  emphatic  testi 
mony  to  the  remarkable  change  that  Theobald  had  introduced 
into  the  study  of  Shakespeare  than  this  small  publication 
which,  besides  drawing  much  unacknowledged  information 
from  Theobald's  edition,  follows  his  method  in  explaining 
Shakespeare  by  the  times  in  which  he  lived,  even  touching  on 
the  dramatic  history  of  that  period. 

Besides  being  the  editor  of  one  splendid  edition,  John 
Upton,  prebendary  of  Rochester,  was  the  author  of  three 
critical  treatises  on  English  poets.  The  first  of  these  was 
Critical  Observations  on  Shakespeare,  1746.  This  volume  is 
divided  into  three  books.  The  first  is  concerned  chiefly 
with  a  discussion  of  the  plots  and  characters  of  the  plays 
together  with  an  account  of  the  rise  and  development  of  the 
classical  drama.  The  second  is  confined  strictly  to  verbal 


THE  PROGRESS  OF  THE  METHOD  229 

criticism,  the  first  part  defending  the  text  against  previous 
emendations,  the  second  containing  the  author's  own  cor 
rections.  The  third  book  contains,  besides  a  treatise  on  the 
meter  of  English  verse,  a  series  of  rules  governing  Shake 
speare's  stylistic  and  grammatical  peculiarities. 

The  two  great  handicaps  under  which  Upton  labored 
were  his  failure  to  collate  and  his  firm  belief  in  Shakespeare's 
first-hand  knowledge  of  the  classics.27  Being  a  good  classical 
scholar,  he  was  prone  to  explain  everything  as  an  allusion 
to  the  classics  and  to  find  classical  parallels  for  almost  every 
line.28  Yet  in  the  defense  of  the  text  against  the  emendations 
of  others  and  in  the  support  he  gives  his  own  corrections  he 
shows  that  he  has  been  to  school  to  Theobald.  He  upholds 
the  texts  in  a  line  in  the  fourth  act  of  Macbeth,  "Then,  my 
queen,  in  silence  sad,"  by  quotations  from  Shakespeare, 
Milton,  and  Spenser,  which  show  the  meaning  of  "sad"  to 
be  "sober."  He  likewise  supports  emendations  of  his  own 
by  quoting  parallel  passages  from  Shakespeare  and  the 
classics. ^  In  one  place  he  adds  many  more  examples  to 
Theobald's  account  of  the  old  Vice,  and  in  the  same  manner. 
In  supporting  his  change  of  "Adam  Cupid"  for  "Abraham 

27  A  different  attitude  to  Shakespeare's  learning  is  taken  by  the 
author  of  An  Attempte  to  Rescue  that  Aunciente  English  Poet,  and  Play- 
Wrighte,  Maister  Williaume  Shakespeare,  1749,  who,  following  Theo 
bald's  lead,  holds  that  the  dramatist  got  most  of  his  learning  from 
translations.     The  writer  is  very  much  opposed  to  emending  the  text, 
on  the  ground  that  Shakespeare  is  too  modern  a  writer  to  require 
anything  more  than  correction  of  printer's  errors  and  the  restoration 
of  passages  found  in  the  quartos.    Yet  he  approves  of  a  number  of 
Theobald's  emendations,   praises  his  collation  and  bitterly  attacks 
Warburton  for  his  failure  to  acknowledge  emendations  derived  from 
the  earlier  edition. 

28  Such,  for  instance,  is  his  explanation  of  "We  have  scorched  the 
snake"  in  the  third  act  of  Macbeth,  which,  he  says,  is  an  elegant  and 
learned  allusion  to  the  Hydra. 

29  See  pp.  192,  198. 


230 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


Cupid"  in  the  second  act  of  Romeo  and  Juliet,  he  makes  use 
of  information  furnished  by  Theobald's  edition,  and  refers 
his  readers  to  Much  Ado  About  Nothing,  "  where  Mr.  Theo 
bald's  note  is  worth  reading."  30  The  method  employed 
in  drawing  up  the  rules  in  the  third  book  of  the  volume  is 
exactly  the  same  that  had  been  used  in  Shakespeare 
Restored.31 

In  1754  Zachary  Grey  published  his  Critical,  Historical, 
and  Explanatory  Notes  on  Shakespeare,  with  emendations  of 
the  Text  and  Metre,  in  the  preface  to  which  he  says  that  in 
spite  of  the  many  editions  of  Shakespeare  references  to  a  great 
many  laws  and  many  allusions  to  historical  incidents  have 
been  overlooked.  As  would  be  expected  from  this  statement, 
most  of  his  notes  are  explanatory;  what  emendations  he 
does  make  are  confined  to  meter.  His  investigation  followed 
the  lines  laid  down  by  Theobald,  being  devoted  to  Eliza- 

30  This  manner  of  introducing  Theobald's  discoveries  as  if  his  own, 
only  mentioning  him  toward  the  last,  is  seen  again  on  page  255  where 
he  gives  the  story  of  the  Egyptian  robber  recounted  in  Heliodorus, 
refers  to  the  passage  in  the  fifth  act  of  Twelfth  Night  where  Theobald 
has  given  the  story,  and  incidentally  mentions  the  latter's  note.     It 
is  strange  that  Theobald  after  having   made   the  discoveries  should 
have  missed  these  two  corruptions. 

31  Upton  is  continually  mentioning  Bentley,  whom  he  both  admires 
and  condemns,  and  often  joins  Theobald  with  him:   "As  Mr.  Theobald 
and  Dr.  Bentley  often  tell  us,  that  they  had  the  happiness  to  make 
many  corrections,  which  they  find  afterwards  supported  by  the  au 
thority  of  better  copies,"  etc.,  p.  236. 

Three  years  later  appeared  Remarks  on  Three  Plays  of  Benjamin 
Jonson,  which  has  been  attributed  to  James  Upton,  John's  father, 
but  which  certainly  belongs  to  the  son.  In  addition  to  comments  on 
Volpone,  Epicoene,  and  the  Alchemist,  it  contains  a  number  of  remarks 
on  Shakespeare.  The  majority  of  the  notes  are  devoted  to  showing 
classical  parallels,  and  the  remainder  are  chiefly  explanatory.  Upton 
draws  on  Theobald's  edition  for  much  of  his  information,  while  he  em 
ploys  the  latter's  method  in  illustrating  Jonson  by  means  of  the  litera 
ture  and  customs  of  his  age. 


THE  PROGRESS  OF  THE  METHOD  231 

bethan  history  and  literature,  as  well  as  Chaucer  and 
Skelton.32 

Besides  being  the  occasion  of  many  pamphlets,  War- 
burton's  edition  of  Shakespeare  inspired  Benjamin  Heath',3 
treatise  on  the  dramatist,  but  the  latter  was  not  published 
until  Johnson's  edition  made  its  appearance.33  The  author 
says  he  carefully  collated  Pope,  Theobald,  Shakespeare  Re 
stored,  and  Johnson's  Remarks  on  Macbeth.  Not  possessing 
the  quartos  or  the  two  early  folios,  he  relied  mainly  on  Pope's 
and  Theobald's  collation.  He  claims  that  the  explication  of 
the  true  meaning  of  the  old  readings  removed  many  obscuri 
ties  ;  and,  indeed,  in  attacking  or  supporting  an  emendation 
he  relies  chiefly  on  explaining  the  passage.  Little  evi 
dence  or  illustrative  material  is  introduced.  For  this  reason 
he  resembles  Theobald  only  in  the  close  study  of  the  text. 
Most  of  his  time  is  spent  in  agreeing  with  the  latter's  cor 
rections,  and  attacking  those  of  Warburton,  whose  "  licentious 
criticism"  he  lashes  most  mercilessly. 

The  application  of  Theobald's  method  was  not  confined 
to  Shakespeare.  Although  the  great  Elizabethan  offered 
the  most  inviting  field,  the  need  for  critical  work  on  other 
writers  impressed  itself  upon  scholars,  who  soon  saw  that  the 
treatment  accorded  the  Shakspearean  text  could  be  applied 
with  equal  success  to  any  poet  of  the  preceding  centuries.34 

32  Grey  was  handicapped  in  having  only  the  folio  of  1632  to   collate. 
Many  of  his  corrections  are  introduced  from  this  edition  and,  therefore, 
are  likely  to  be  wrong.     His  notes  bear  a  close  resemblance  to  Theo 
bald's.     See  pp.  2,  13. 

33  A  Revisal  of  Shakespeare's  Text,  wherein  the  Alterations  introduced 
into  it  by  the  more  modern  Editors  and  Critics  are  particularly  considered. 
1765. 

34  "Beaumont  and  Fletcher  are  another  field  of  criticism  next  in 
beauty  to  Shakespeare,  and  like  him  over-run  with  weeds,  many  of 
which  are,   we  hope,   now  rooted  out."     Introduction  to   Works  of 
Beaumont  and  Fletcher,  1750,  p.  Ixxiii. 


232 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


Thus  within  a  quarter  of  a  century  after  the  appearance 
of  Theobald's  epoch-making  work  critical  editions  of  the 
most  important  English  poets  were  attempted. 

The  first  poet  to  benefit  by  the  new  criticism  was  Chaucer. 
In  the  sixteenth  century  two  editions  of  him  had  appeared, 
Thynne's,  1532,  and  Speght's  1598,  both  of  which  made  use 
of  collation.  The  second  work  was  immediately  reviewed  by 
Thynne's  son,  Francis,  and  had  his  Animadversions  been 
printed,  Theobald  could  not  have  claimed  for  Shakespeare 
Restored  the  honor  of  being  the  first  attempt  of  its  kind  on  an 
Egnlish  poet.36  Over  two  hundred  years  later  John  Urry 
undertook  to  edit  Chaucer,  but  dying  before  the  completion 
of  his  design,  left  the  task  to  be  finished  by  William  Broome. 
Although  agreeing  with  Tyrwhitt  in  thinking  this  edition 
the  worst  that  had  appeared,  Professor  Lounsbury  is  of  the 
opinion  that  by  a  comparison  of  the  manuscripts  it  made 
plain  the  path  that  must  be  taken.36 

Urry's  work,  however,  was  such  a  failure  that  the  editor 
can  hardly  be  said  to  have  pointed  the  way  to  a  good  edition 
any  more  than  the  two  earlier  editors  who  had  also  em 
ployed  collation.  But  the  next  attempt  to  edit  the  poet 
shows  distinctly  the  influence  of  Theobald's  method.  In 
1737  Dr.  Thomas  Morell,  a  classical  scholar,  issued  a  speci 
men  of  a  new  edition  under  the  title  The  Canterbury  Tales 
of  Chaucer  in  the  original,  from  the  most  authentic  manuscripts, 
and  as  they  are  turned  into  Modern  languages  by  several  Eminent 
Hands,  with  references  to  authors  ancient  and  modern,  various 

35  Animadversions  upon  the  Annotations  and  Corrections  of  some  im 
perfections  of  impressions  of  Chaucer's  Workes  was  printed  for  the 
first  time  by  H.  J.  Todd  in  Illustrations  of  the  Lives  and  Writings  of 
Gower  and  Chaucer,  1810.  Thynne  refutes  Speght's  remarks  and 
emendations  by  explaining  allusions  to  history  and  literature,  and 
upholds  his  own  conjectures  by  quoting  authorities.  In  short,  Chaucer 
is  treated  like  a  classic  text. 

38  Studies  in  Chaucer,  vol.  1,  p.  294. 


THE  PROGRESS  OF  THE  METHOD          233 

readings  and  explanatory  notes.  The  plan  adopted  was  the 
same  as  that  given  to  the  world  three  years  before :  the 
collation  of  the  best  manuscripts,  the  recording  of  the  most 
important  variant  readings,  the  explanation  of  allusions  to 
history,  mythology,  and  contemporary  social  life,  and  the 
defining  of  obsolete  words  by  parallel  passages.  Professor 
Lounsbury  holds  that  while  the  edition  was  by  no  means 
perfect,  it  contained  much  of  value  and  was  very  good  for  its 
day: 

The  notes  at  the  bottom  of  the  page,  with  parallel  passages  ex 
planatory  of  the  use  of  words,  frequently  contained  information 
of  value,  which  has  more  than  once  been  rediscovered  in  modern 
times  and  announced  with  a  good  deal  of  ostentation.37 

Another  work  that  showed  Theobald's  influence  was 
Zachary  Grey's  edition  of  Butler's  Hudibras,  1744.38  The 
editor  was  vicar  of  St.  Giles  and  St.  Peters,  and  a  man  of 
wide  reading.  Being  a  strong  churchman,  he  got  into  many 
quarrels  with  dissenters,  in  the  course  of  which  he  wrote 
numerous  controversial  books  and  pamphlets,  and  acquired 
an  extensive  knowledge  of  the  puritan  literature  of  the 
seventeenth  century,  so  essential  in  illustrating  Butler.  The 
new  field  of  scholarly  activity  opened  by  Theobald  inspired 
him  to  put  a  critical  hand  to  the  Hudibras.39 

37  Studies  in  Chaucer,  vol.  1,  p.  297. 

38  Hudibras,  in  three  parts,  Written  in  the  Time  of  the  Late  Wars; 
Corrected  and  Amended.     With  large  Annotations,  and  a  Preface.    By 
Zachary  Grey  LL.D.     1744. 

39  In  his  praise  of  Shakespeare  Restored  Concanen  called  especial 
attention  to  the  opportunities  Hudibras  offered  to  the  critic.    While 
there  is  no  evidence  to  the  effect,  Grey  may  possibly  have  read  Con- 
canen's  statement.     The  large  amount  of  illustrative  material  in  the 
notes  compels  the  belief  that  the  editor  was  a  number  of  years  collecting 
it,  which  fact,  together  with  Grey's  high  opinion  of  Theobald  and  the 
numerous  references  to  his  Shakespeare,  makes  it  probable  that  the 
work  was  undertaken  not  long  after  Theobald's  edition  appeared. 


234 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


Since  the  text  of  Hudibras  offered  no  particular  difficulties, 
most  of  the  notes,  as  is  mentioned  in  the  preface,  are  ex 
planatory,  though  there  are  a  few  places  where  new  readings 
are  introduced.40  The  pages  are  filled  with  references  to 
every  kind  of  writing:41  " Grey's  knowledge  of  puritan 
literature  enabled  him  to  illustrate  his  author  by  profuse 
quotations  from  contemporary  authors,  a  method  com 
paratively  new."  42  Not  only  does  Grey  make  use  of  puritan 
literature,  but  he  also  levies  upon  antiquaries,  chronicles, 
medieval  romances,  Spenser,  Chaucer  and  the  Elizabethan 
dramatists.  He  is  continually  profiting  by  information 
given  in  Theobald's  edition  of  Shakespeare,43  and  his  notes 
explaining  customs,  words,  or  historical  allusions  are  but 
copies  of  the  Shakespearean  scholar's.44  So  thorough  was 
Grey's  investigation  that  his  notes  are  still  valuable  45  and 
to  him  has  been  ascribed  the  method  first  exemplified  in 
Theobald's  work. 

The  poet  whose  influence  was  most  widely  felt  throughout 
the  declining  years  of  classicism  was  Milton.  The  close  of 
the  previous  century  had  seen  his  reputation  slowly  rising, 
and  had  witnessed  at  least  one  ambitious  edition.46  Interest 

40  See  vol.  1,  p.  10. 

41  In  his  preface   to  his  Voyage  to  Lisbon,  Fielding   speaks  of  the 
edition  as  the  "single  book  extant  in  which  above  five  hundred  authors 
are  quoted,  not  one  of  which  could  be  found  in  the  collection  of  the 
late  Dr.  Mead." 

42  D.N.B.,  vol.  XXIII,  p.  219. 

43  See  vol.  1,  pp.  6,  33,  42,  45,  50. 

44  See  vol.  2,  p.  33,  where  he  makes  use  of  information  furnished  by 
Theobald,  and  adds,  "I  do  not  advance  this  without  some  Authority, 
and  a  Quotation  from  Ben  Jonson  will  do."     See  also  vol.   1,  p.  19, 
where  he  explains  the  meaning  of  "hight." 

45  See  Cambridge  History  of  English  Literature,  vol.  VIII,  p.  463. 

46  Tonson's  edition  with    Patrick   Hume's  annotations,  1695,  "the 
first  attempt  to  illustrate  an  English  Classic  by  copious  and  continued 
notes."     See  J.  W.  Good,  Studies  in  the  Milton  Tradition,  p.  148. 


THE  PROGRESS  OF  THE  METHOD  235 

in  the  poet,  however,  received  a  tremendous  impetus  from 
Addison's  criticisms  in  the  Spectator.47  The  fruits  of  this 
interest  are  seen  in  Tonson's  two  editions,  1719  and  1725, 
in  the  first  of  which  the  publisher  made  use  of  Addison's 
remarks,  and  in  the  second  prefixed  a  life  written  by  Fenton. 
Though  these  editions  and  criticisms  did  much  toward 
making  the  public  more  familiar  with  the  epic,  they  did  not 
stimulate  interest  in  the  text.  This  result  was  accomplished 
by  Bentley's  performance,  which,  though  worthless  itself, 
aroused  other  scholars  to  efforts  in  the  same  direction.48 
Furthermore,  the  extremity  of  Bentley's  views  made  later 
critics  more  cautious.  In  his  review  of  the  edition  Pearce 
is  sane  and  sober,  never  hesitating  to  demolish  the  editor's 
belligerent  corrections,  though  always  treating  him  with 
respect.  Jortin's  notes,  while  in  general  uninteresting,  throw 
some  light  on  the  text.  John  Hawkey,  in  his  edition  of 
Paradise  Lost,  published  at  Dublin  in  1747,  sought  to  establish 
the  true  text  by  a  collation  of  the  original  editions.  In  every 
case  the  methods  employed  were  Theobald's,  not  Bentley's. 
But  the  one  eighteenth-century  edition  of  Paradise  Lost 
that  has  claim  to  the  title  " critical"  was  prepared  by  Thomas 
Newton  in  1749.49  At  one  time  a  fellow  of  Trinity  College 

47  Principally  his  Critique  on  Paradise  Lost,  which  appeared  during 
the  first  three  months  of  1712. 

48  For  the  various  critical  and  biographical  treatises  on  Milton, 
as  well  as  editions  of  his  poetry,  see  J.  W.  Good,  Studies  in  the  Milton 
Tradition,  chap.  VI. 

49  Paradise  Lost.     With  Notes  of  Various  Authors.     London,  1749. 
Two  Volumes.     "By  the  middle  of  the  century  there  was  full  prep 
aration  already  made  for  an  extensive  work  on  the  part  of  a  judicious 
critical  editor.  .  .  .  The  great  work  was  the  first  various  edition  of 
Paradise  Lost  (May  20,  1749)  which  was  indeed  the  first  variorum  edition 
of  an  English  classic.  .  .  .  The  work  was  generally  applauded;    and 
in  various  modifications   became   the   standard  edition  of   Paradise 
Lost  for  the  remainder   of   the   eighteenth   century."  —  J.  W.  Good, 
op.  tit.,  p.  182. 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 

through  Bentley's  favor,  the  editor  later  became  chaplain 
to  Pulteney,  Earl  of  Bath,  by  whose  aid  he  secured  the 
rectory  of  St.  Mary-le-Bow.  In  his  preface  Newton  speaks 
of  the  esteem  in  which  correct  editions  were  then  held,  and 
argues  in  behalf  of  their  value.  Like  Theobald  he  went  to 
the  classics  for  a  model : 

My  design  in  the  present  edition  is  to  publish  the  Paradise  Lost 
as  the  work  of  a  classic  author  cum  notis  variorum.  And  in  order 
to  this  end,  the  first  care  has  been  to  print  the  text  correctly  ac 
cording  to  Milton's  own  editions.50 

These  he  took  as  the  basis  of  his  text,  and  realizing  that 
there  was  less  room  for  emendation  in  Milton  than  Shake 
speare,  claims  never  to  have  emended  without  noting  the 
old  reading  and  without  giving  some  reason  for  the  change. 
He  followed  Theobald  in  describing  the  purpose  of  his  notes, 
which,  he  says,  are  critical  and  explanatory  —  to  correct 
errors  of  former  editions,  discuss  various  readings,  establish 
the  true  text  of  Milton,  illustrate  sense,  clear  syntax,  explain 
uncommon  words,  and  show  imitations. 

Many  of  the  notes  in  this  edition,  especially  the  remarks 
of  Hume  and  Addison,  are  concerned  with  aesthetic  criticism, 
but  Newton's  annotations  are  devoted  mainly  to  explana- 

60  Newton  used  notes  of  the  following  critics:  Hume,  Bentley, 
Pearce,  Upton,  Heylin,  Jortin,  Addison,  Thyer,  Fenton,  Richardson, 
Birch,  and  Warburton.  Though  styling  the  remarks  of  the  great 
scholar  as  the  "dotages  of  Bentley,"  he  considered  some  very  useful. 
In  this  judgment  he  was  doubtless  influenced  by  Pope's  copy  of  the 
marvelous  edition,  wherein  the  poet  had  commended  many  of  the 
critic's  corrections.  Newton  praises  Pearce,  and  confesses  that  he 
was  led  by  the  latter's  remarks  to  edit  Milton.  Upton's  comments 
were  taken  from  Critical  Observations  on  Shakespeare,  while  Thyer 
and  Heylin  sent  manuscript  notes.  Some  of  Warburton's  notes  were 
taken  from  his  contributions  to  the  History  of  the  Works  of  the  Learned, 
1738,  while  others  were  sent  in  manuscript  by  the  author.  Among 
the  latter  may  have  been  Theobald's  explanation  of  "pernicious," 
for  Newton  gives  the  same  definition  of  the  word.  See  vol.  1,  p.  427. 


THE  PKOGBESS  OF  THE  METHOD  237 

tion  and  textual  criticism,  though  his  emendations  are 
negligible.  He  defends  the  text  against  the  corrections  of 
earlier  critics  by  quoting  passages  from  Milton;  in  other 
words,  by  expounding  Milton  by  himself.  In  giving  ex 
planations  of  words  he  draws  on  the  literature  known  to  the 
poet  —  Spenser,  Shakespeare,  Harrington,  Bacon,  and  others. 
In  short,  he  walked  in  the  path  that  was  fast  becoming 
popular,  and  while  Milton  was  almost  too  recent  a  writer  to 
receive  the  treatment  accorded  Spenser  and  Shakespeare, 
Newton's  notes  are  recognizably  similar  to  Theobald's.51 

With  the  exception  of  Shakespeare,  Spenser  was  the  sub 
ject  of  closer  study  than  any  other  poet.  The  age  of  Pope, 
fettered  with  its  critical  prepossessions,  had  little  knowledge 
of  the  poet  and  less  appreciation  of  his  poetry.  Yet  a  series 
of  satiric  and  burlesque  imitations,  as  well  as  the  serious 
admiration  of  a  few  men  like  Prior,  had  at  least  kept  him 
in  the  public  eye.  Furthermore,  the  frequent  references 
to  the  Faerie  Queene  in  such  critical  works  as  had  appeared 
attracted  the  attention  of  scholars  burning  with  inquisitive 
zeal.  As  early  as  1734  Jortin  had  made  the  poem  the  sub 
ject  of  a  textual  treatise ;  but  it  was  not  until  the  sixth  dec 
ade  of  the  century  that  critical  interest  in  the  poet  reached 
unusual  proportions.  Within  this  period  there  appeared 
no  less  than  four  editions  and  three  critical  treatises. 

The  uncritical  method  employed  in  the  first  two  of  these 
editions  52  prompted  Upton  to  write  his  A  Letter  Concerning 

51  See  vol.  1,  pp.  119,  400,  423,  428,  and  notes  on  Bk.  II,  11.  108,  494, 
and  Bk.  Ill,  11.  335,  562. 

62  A  second  edition  of  Hughes'  edition,  1750,  and  Birch's  reprint 
of  the  folio  of  1609,  1751.  Upton  was  among  the  first  to  realize  that 
the  proper  editing  of  an  English  classic  required  learning  and  industry. 
He  praised  Jortin's  refusal  to  edit  Spenser  because  he  lacked  the  re 
quisite  time,  and  lamented  the  fact  that  hasty  editors  with  little  learn 
ing  or  application  were  wont  to  hire  themselves  to  booksellers.  Their 
conduct,  he  says,  could  only  be  excused  on  the  ground  of  poverty,  an 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 

a  New  Edition  of  Spenser's  Faerie  Queene.  To  Gilbert  West, 
Esq.  1751.  A  large  part  of  the  letter  is  devoted  to  telling 
the  story  of  the  poem,  explaining  the  religious  symbolism, 
describing  historical  personages,  who,  the  author  thought, 
were  disguised  in  the  characters,  and  to  pointing  out  classical 
imitations  and  imitations  of  Chaucer.  The  rest  of  the 
book  is  concerned  with  emending  and  explaining  the  text, 
in  which  task  he  follows  the  new  method  closely.53  Further 
more,  in  giving  the  requirements  of  an  editor,  he  merely 
restates  what  Theobald  had  established,  that  "an  editor 
of  Spenser  should  be  master  of  Spenser's  learning  :  for  other 
wise  how  could  he  know  his  allusions  and  various  beauties. " 
The  fault  with  Upton's  work,  first  evident  in  his  Remarks 
on  Shakespeare,  is  his  constant  introduction  of  the  classics 
where  they  have  no  business,  and  his  addiction  to  absurd 
etymologies,  which,  if  credited,  would  force  the  inference 
that  English  was  derived  directly  from  Greek. 

The  most  important  contribution  made  at  this  time  to 
Spenserian  criticism  was  Thomas  Warton's  Observations  on 
the  Faerie  Queene  of  Spenser,  1754.  To  the  author  of  this 
treatise  has  been  given  the  honor  of  laying  the  foundations 
of  historical  criticism  because  he  sought  an  explanation  of 
the  poem  in  the  literature  of  and  before  the  sixteenth  century 
and  in  the  customs  and  manners  of  the  Elizabethan  age.54 

excuse  which  did  not  apply  to  Rowe  and  Pope,  between  whom  there 
was  little  to  choose.  Upton  was  the  first  to  emphasize  the  duty  of 
recording  variant  readings:  "Methinks  every  reader  would  require 
that  the  last  editor  should  faithfully  and  fairly  exhibit  all  the  various 
readings  of  even  the  least  authority." 

63  See  his  correction  of  bilive  for  alive  in  Bk.  1,  Canto  II,  St.  19. 
As  a  subscriber  to  Theobald's  Shakespeare,  Upton  was  hi  a  position  to 
learn  the  previous  editor's  method. 

64  Clarissa  Rinaker,  Thomas  Warton  A    Biographical   and   Critical 
Study.     Univ.  of  Illinois  Studies  in  Language  and  Literature,  vol.  II, 
No.  I,  p.  47.     The  reviewer  of  Upton's  edition  of  the  Faerie  Queene 


THE  PROGRESS  OF  THE  METHOD  239 

But  he  can  hardly  claim  this  credit.  The  preface  to  Theo 
bald's  Shakespeare  distinctly  stated  that  an  editor  "  should 
be  well  vers'd  in  the  History  and  Manners  of  his  Author's 
age,"  while  the  notes  to  the  various  volumes  gave  ample 
evidence  of  the  editor's  practice  of  acquainting  himself 
with  the  literature  accessible  to  Elizabethans.  Possibly 
the  consciousness  that  he  was  stealing  another  man's  thunder 
induced  Warton  to  omit  Shakespeare  when,  in  propounding 
Theobald's  gospel,  he  says, 

in  criticism  upon  Milton,  Johnson,  Spenser,  and  some  other  of 
our  older  poets,  not  only  a  competent  knowledge  of  all  ancient 
classical  learning  is  requisite,  but  also  an  acquaintance  with  those 
books,  which  though  now  forgotten  and  lost,  were  yet  in  repute 
at  the  time  in  which  each  author  respectively  wrote,  and  which 
it  is  most  likely  he  read.55 

Warton  approaches  Theobald  more  closely  than  any  other 
critic,  a  fact  especially  evident  in  his  use  of  out-of-the-way 
reading  to  establish  Spenser's  sources.  Compare,  for  in 
stance,  the  passage  in  which  he  shows  that  Spenser  was  in 
debted  to  the  Morte  D' Arthur  rather  than  to  Geoffrey  of 
Monmouth  with  Theobald's  note  showing  that  Shakespeare 
went  to  Wynken  de  Worde  rather  than  Chaucer.56  Further- 
says  of  Warton:  "Not  content  with  the  petty  diligence  of  recovering 
lost  syllables  nor  acquiescing  in  the  easy  talk  of  praising  without 
reason,  he  has  attentively  surveyed  the  learning  and  the  fashions 
which  prevailed  in  the  age  of  his  poet.  He  had  happily  discovered  the 
books  which  Spenser  himself  had  read,  and  from  whose  obscure  and 
obsolete  sources  he  derived  most  of  his  principal  fictions.  By  means 
of  these  materials,  judiciously  selected  and  conducted,  he  has  been 
enabled  to  give  the  world  a  more  new  and  original  piece  of  criticism, 
than  any  before  extant."  An  Impartial  Estimate  of  the  Reverend  Mr. 
Upton's  Notes  on  the  Fairy  Queen,  1759,  p.  2. 

65  Observations,  p.  243. 

56  Idem,  pp.  15  ff.,  and  ed.  of  Shakespeare,  vol.  7,  p.  14.  Theobald's 
discovery  first  appeared  in  Mist's  Journal,  March  16,  1728.  Warton 
makes  the  same  use  of  the  "Blatant  Beast"  that  Theobald  made  of 


240 


LEWIS  THEOBALD 


more,  the  Spenserian  critic  makes  the  same  use  of  parallel 
passages  as  the  Shakespearean.  When  he  says  that  to  pro 
duce  an  author's  imitations  of  himself  is  particularly  useful 
in  explaining  difficult  passages  and  words,  he  is  merely 
stating  in  different  language  Theobald's  dictum,  "To  ex 
pound  an  Author  by  himself  is  the  surest  Means  of  coming 
at  the  Truth  of  his  Text."  67  In  showing  Spenser's  pe 
culiarities  in  spelling,  versification,  and  language,  and  in 
defending  a  reading  against  Upton  or  explaining  the  meaning 
of  a  word,  the  critic  produces,  in  Theobald's  manner,  a 
number  of  quotations  from  Spenser  or  contemporary  litera 
ture.68  Warton's  textual  criticism  tallies  in  almost  every 
detail  with  that  of  the  previous  scholar  who  must  have  been 
his  model.69 

the  "Sagittary."  Because  of  his  explanation  the  latter  was  impaled 
on  Pope's  satire  for  reading  "All  such  reading  as  was  never  read." 
No  wonder  Warton  took  Pope  to  task  for  the  line! 

67  Observations,  p.  181,  and  Shakespeare  Restored,  p.  128. 

68  Compare  Observations,  pp.  84,   123,  201,  206,  with  Shakespeare 
Restored,  pp.  8,  40,  110,  151.     Below  is  a  typical  note  from  Warton: 

"Because  I  could  not  give  her  many  a  Jane. 
So  Chaucer. 

Of  Bruges  were  his  hosin  broun, 

His  Robe  was  of  Chekelatoun 

That  cost  many  a  Jane. 

Many  a  jane,  that  is,  much  money.     Skinner  informs  us,  that  Jane  is 
a  com  of  Geneva;   and  Speght  Gl.  to  Chaucer,  interprets  Jane,  half 
pence  of  Janua,  or  galy  half -pence: 
As  ...  Dere  ynough,  a  Jane 

And  in  other  places." 

69  In  the  introduction  to  his  edition  of  Ben  Jonson,  Gifford  gave 
Warton  the  credit  for  originating  the  "cheap  and  miserable  display 
of  learning"  shown  in  quoting  many  parallel  passages.    Yet  the  more 
modern  editor  adopted  the  practice  —  Theobald's  not  Warton's  —  in 
his  own  notes,  and  confessed  that  "Uncommon  and  obsolete  words 
are  briefly  explained,   and  where  the  phraseology  was  doubtful  or 
obscure,  it  is  illustrated  and  confirmed  by  quotations  from  contemporary 
authors." 


THE  PROGRESS  OF  THE  METHOD  241 

The  year  1758  saw  two  critical  editions  of  the  Faerie  Queene. 
The  preface  to  the  first,  edited  by  Ralph  Church,  a  master 
of  arts  of  Oxford  and  a  scholar  of  some  note,  gives  a  careful 
account  and  full  description  of  the  old  editions.60  Since  the 
various  editions  are  denoted  by  letters  and  numerals,  the 
first  instance  of  such  a  procedure,  and  since  many  variant 
readings  are  recorded  at  the  bottom  of  the  page,  the  volumes 
present  a  very  modern  appearance.61  For  the  first  three 
books  of  the  poem  Church  adopted  as  the  standard  text 
the  quarto  of  1590 ;  for  the  second  three  books  the  quartos 
of  1596 ;  and  for  the  two  cantos  of  the  incomplete  book  the 
folio  of  1609.  He  held  that  the  later  editions  were  of  no 
authority,  but  in  his  footnotes  he  gave  readings  from  them. 
Church's  collation  was  careful  and  thorough ;  his  faithfulness 
in  recording  variant  readings  surpassed  that  of  any  previous 
editor. 

Church  was  incited  to  his  work  by  the  realization  that 
Spenser  needed  a  critical  editor,  a  realization  that  was  be 
coming  more  and  more  prevalent  not  only  as  regards  Spenser 
but  as  regards  all  old  poets.  The  method  he  employed  was 
that  originated  by  the  man  who  first  pointed  out  the  need  and 
value  of  critical  research.  When  the  Spenserian  editor 
refused,  without  giving  due  notice,  to  introduce  into  his 
text  any  word  differing  from  the  editions  he  had  accepted  as 
standard,  he  was  only  following  that  radical  departure  from 
the  ways  of  poetical  editors  which  Theobald  had  established.62 

60  The  Faerie  Queene,  By  Edmund  Spenser.    A  New  Edition,  with 
Notes  critical  and  explanatory,  by  Ralph  Church,  M.A.    Late  Student 
of  Christ  Church,  Oxon.     In  four  volumes.     London  1758. 

61  He  refers  to  the  quarto  of  1590  as  P.  1.,  the  quarto  of  1596  as  P. 
2.,  the  folio  of  1609  as  L.,  the  folio  of  1611  as  L.  2.,  Hughes'  editions  as 
HI,  H2,  and  the  edition  of  1751  as  B. 

62  "Whenever  I  have  ventur'd  at  an  emendation,  a  Note  is  con 
stantly  subjoined  to  justify  and  assert  the  Reason  of  it."    Edition  of 
Shakespeare,  preface,  p.  xliii. 


242  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

From  the  latter  also  was  derived  the  procedure  employed  in 
the  explanatory  notes.  Church  studies  Spenser's  metrical 
peculiarities  and  quotes  numerous  passages  from  the  Faerie 
Queene  to  substantiate  his  conclusion.  He  has  recourse  to 
dictionaries,  antiquaries,  chronicles,  and  histories.  In  elu 
cidating  Spenser's  expressions  and  allusions  he  makes  ex 
tensive  use  of  parallel  passages  quoted  from  the  literature  of 
the  poet's  time,  such  as  Jonson,  Sidney,  Raleigh,  Shake 
speare,  Fairfax,  as  well  as  Chaucer  and  Geoffry  of  Monmouth. 
In  short,  he  has  given  to  Spenser  the  same  treatment  accorded 
Shakespeare.63 

The  other  edition  was  by  John  Upton,  a  man  whom  we 
have  had  occasion  to  mention  frequently,  and  who  occupies 
a  respectable  place  in  early  English  scholarship.64  He  gives 

63  In  his  preface  Church  says  that  his  edition  "is  intended  for  the 
use  of  the  English  Reader,  but  is  submitted  likewise  to  the  judgment 
of  the  learned."     Scholars  were  beginning  to  write  for  scholars  and 
were  willing  to  have  their  work  judged  by  scholarly  standards.     Theo 
bald  had  expressed  the  same  sentiment:   "As  to  my  Notts  (from  which 
the  common  and  learned  Readers  of  our  Author,  I  hope,  will  derive 
some  Pleasure;)"  etc.,  Edition  of  Shakespeare,  preface,  p.  xliii. 

Church  seldom  introduces  his  conjectures  into  the  text.  In  the 
notes  he  produces  them  in  Theobald's  manner.  See  his  emendation 
on  the  Faerie  Queene,  Bk.  Ill,  c.  11,  st.  50:  "  ...  and  boldly  bad  him 
bace.  So  all  the  editions.  But  I  incline  to  think  that  Spenser  gave 

.  .  .  and  boldly  bad  the  bace  .  .  . 
i.e.  they  boldly  challenged  each  other  to  run  after  Ollyphant, 

And  each  did  strive  the  other  to  outgoe. 

So  Warner  in  his  Albion's  England,  printed  at  London,  1598. 
The  Romaines  bid  the  bace  .  .  .  (page  71)  i.e.  gave  the  challange. 
And  again,  page  73. 

Even  we  do  dare  to  bid  the  bace." 
See  also  vol.  1,  pp.  98,  179. 

64  Spenser's  Fairie  Queene.     A  New  Edition  with  a  Glossary,  and 
Notes  explanatory  and  critical.     By  John  Upton,  Prebendary  of  Rochester 
n^d  Rector  of  Great  Rissington  in  Glocestershire.     In   Two   Volumes, 
jLondon:     MDCCLVIII.     Upton   intended   to   add   a   third  volume 
consisting  of  Spenser's  other  works. 


THE  PROGRESS  OF  THE  METHOD  243 

an  account  of  the  old  quartos  and  folios  and  takes  as  standard 
the  same  editions  as  Church.  Although  he  consulted  and 
mentions  in  his  notes  the  later  editions,  he  holds  them  of 
little  authority ;  he  cannot  conceal  his  contempt  for  Hughes' 
production  and  the  edition  published  under  Dr.  Birch's 
care,  though  really  Mr.  Kent's.  While  Upton  is  not  as 
thorough  in  recording  variant  readings  as  Church,  he  gives 
a  large  nujnber  of  those  he  thinks  worth  while.  Refusing 
to  introduce  any  of  his  conjectures  into  the  text,  he  consist 
ently  relegates  them  to  the  notes.  In  this  respect  he  was 
far  ahead  of  the  times. 

Upton's  notes  contain  a  wealth  of  information.  His 
illustrative  material  is  drawn  from  authors  contemporary 
with  Spenser  —  Shakespeare,  Sidney,  Raleigh,  Fairfax, 
Drayton.  He  also  makes  extensive  use  of  the  literature  that 
may  have  played  a  part  in  the  making  of  the  Faerie  Queene, 
many  passages  being  quoted  from  Chaucer,  Ariosto,  Boiardo, 
Lydgate,  and  Geoffrey  of  Monmouth.  Besides  these  he 
consulted  chroniclers,  historians,  and  antiquarians.  Most 
numerous  are  his  quotations  from  the  classics  and  references 
to  the  Bible.  He  practices  Theobald's  theory  of  "  expound 
ing  an  author  by  himself"  by  quoting  many  lines  from 
Spenser,  especially  when  showing  the  peculiarities  of  Spenser's 
spelling  or  meter.  Generally  speaking,  his  notes  are  valuable 
in  that  he  brings  to  the  study  of  the  epic  an  extensive  knowl 
edge  of  the  literature  accessible  to  Spenser. 

Upton's  edition  is  one  of  the  best  of  the  eighteenth-century 
editions  of  any  poet.65  This  fact  is  apparent  even  in  the 

65  «To  Upton,  a  man  of  rare  learning  and  sagacity,  the  student  is 
more  indebted  than  to  any  other  writer  for  elucidation  of  the  authors 
whom  Spenser  had  read  or  had  imitated.  Much  is  due  to  Warton  and 
Jortin."  F.  G.  Child,  preface  to  edition  of  Spenser,  1855.  In  the 
preface  to  his  edition  of  Spenser,  1805,  the  Reverend  H.  J.  Todd  says, 
"Of  the  Faerie  Queene  two  separate  editions  by  Mr.  Upton  and  Mr. 


244 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


glossary,  which  is  a  marked  improvement  on  any  previous 
one.  Hughes'  glossary  was  almost  entirely  copied  from  that 
of  the  folio  of  1679,  which  was  itself  in  large  part  taken  from 
the  glossary  of  E.K.,  the  annotator  of  the  Shepherd's  Calendar. 
In  two  respects  Upton  departed  from  the  model  set  by  Theo 
bald.  Probably  influenced  by  Johnson's  dictionary,  he  in 
troduced  into  his  glossary  rather  than  his  notes  many  parallel 
passages  illustrating  the  meaning  of  words.  He  also  rele 
gated  the  notes  to  the  end  of  the  second  volume,  leaving 
the  pages  free  for  the  text. 

More  than  any  other,  Spenserian  investigation  profited 
by  the  method  first  applied  to  Shakespeare.  With  this 
investigation  Theobald  was  not  directly  associated.  He  was 
certainly  a  friend  of  Jortin  and  probably  of  Upton,  but  at 
no  time  showed  any  critical  interest  in  the  Elizabethan 
poet,  though  he  gave  evidence  of  his  familiarity  with  the 
Faerie  Queene  by  numerous  quotations  from  it.  Yet  the 
fact  that  Jortin,  Warton,  Upton,  and  Church  used  a  method 
which  did  not  exist  before  Theobald,  and  which  is  almost 
identically  the  same  as  was  used  by  the  latter,  forces  the 
conclusion  that  they  learned  their  handicraft  from  the  sub 
ject  of  Pope's  satire. 

Not  only  as  regards  Spenser  but  also  as  regards  other 
writers  was  the  middle  of  the  eighteenth  century  a  period 
of  unusual  critical  activity,  during  which  the  dramatists 
contemporary  with  Shakespeare  came  in  for  their  share  of 

Church  appeared  in  1758,  in  which  the  diligence  and  utility  of  colla 
tion,  more  especially  by  the  latter  of  these  gentlemen,  are  as  obvious 
as  they  are  important."  After  speaking  of  the  "excellent  illustrations 
of  Upton"  and  "important  remarks  of  Church,"  Todd  places  before 
us  his  own  method,  the  same  as  we  have  been  tracing:  "My  own  notes 
on  the  several  poems,  which  I  have  presumed  to  lay  before  the  public, 
consist  not  only  of  regulations  of  the  text;  but  also  of  explanations 
arising  from  some  attention  to  the  literature  of  the  age  in  which  Spenser 
lived." 


THE  PROGRESS  OF  THE  METHOD  245 

attention.  As  early  as  1744  the  appearance  of  Dodsley's 
Select  Collection  of  Old  Plays  gave  notice  that  a  part  of  the 
public  was  coming  to  some  appreciation  of  Elizabethan 
drama.  Since  that  footman-poet-publisher  was  in  no  way 
equipped  for  the  office  of  editor,  it  is  not  strange  that  the 
dramas  received  little  care,  but  the  very  fact  that  a  publisher 
should  think  it  to  his  profit  to  publish  such  a  work  is  indica 
tive  of  the  changing  taste  of  the  times.  In  the  following 
decade  critical  editions  of  Beaumont  and  Fletcher,  Ben 
Jonson,  and  Massinger  were  attempted. 

With  each  of  these  three  editions  Theobald  was  in  some 
way  associated.  His  part  in  the  edition  of  Beaumont  and 
Fletcher  has  already  been  discussed,  but  it  may  be  well  to 
repeat  some  of  the  points  made.  While  the  work  is  "the 
first  serious  effort  toward  a  reconstruction  of  the  text,"  66 
it  is  not  satisfactory.  Those  plays  that  came  under  our 
editor's  supervision  show  a  much  more  careful  collation  than 
the  others.  While  he  introduced  into  the  text  a  number  of 
his  conjectures  —  the  value  of  some  has  never  received  suf 
ficient  recognition  —  he  drew  most  of  his  corrections  from 
the  old  copies,  the  worth  of  which  he  fully  appreciated. 
Although  at  his  death,  Seward  and  Sympson  received  "his 
valuable  collection  of  old  quartos,"  the  remaining  plays  did 
not  receive  careful  collation,  and  the  license  of  emendation 
was  indulged  in  to  a  much  greater  extent.  The  younger 
editors'  ignorance  of  Elizabethan  history,  language,  and 
literature  caused  them  to  emend  where  they  should  have 
explained,  while  they  fell  into  the  habit  of  collating  only 
where  there  was  some  difficulty.67  Yet  the  method  they 
strove  to  follow  was  Theobald's,  and  their  ill  success  was  due 
to  their  own  insufficiency. 

66  The  Knight  of  the  Burning  Pestle,  edited  by  H.  S.  Murch,  1908, 
Yale  Studies  in  English,  xxxiii.     Introduction,  p.  iv. 

67  Murch,  op.  tit.,  p.  iv. 


246  LEWIS   THEOBALD 

The  first  critical  edition  of  Ben  Jonson  appeared  in  1756.68 
The  editor,  Peter  Whalley,  was  a  graduate  of  Oxford  and 
vicar  of  Horley  in  Surrey ;  early  in  his  career  he  had  been 
a  schoolmaster  in  Christ's  Hospital.  Although  Whalley 
claimed  that  his  edition  was  based  on  the  folio  of  1611  and 
the  old  quartos,  he  made  the  same  mistake  Theobald  made 
with  Shakespeare;  he  based  his  text  upon  the  last  printed 
edition,  introducing  into  it  the  various  readings  drawn  from 
the  old  copies,  a  procedure  which  militated  against  accurate 
collation.  Furthermore,  he  recorded  few  variant  readings, 
and  did  not  always  give  a  note  when  he  deviated  from  the 
text.69 

Whalley's  remarks  on  how  to  handle  the  text,  remarks 
that  have  been  styled  "very  just/'70  read  so  much  like  those 
given  by  Theobald  that  it  is  difficult  not  to  suppose  that 
his  preface  was  largely  modeled  upon  the  preface  to  Shake 
speare.71  He  himself  bears  witness  to  the  fact  that  his  methods 
were  Theobald's.  He  had  obtained  the  latter's  copy  of 
Jonson  with  marginal  notes: 

But  altho  the  advantages  of  this  copy  were  not  so  many  as  I  had 
at  first  expected,  it  was  a  satisfaction  to  me  to  find  that  had  Mr. 

68  The  Works  of  Ben  Jonson.     In  Seven  Volumes.     Collated  with  all 
the  Former  Editions  and  Corrected  ;  with  Notes  Critical  and  Explanatory. 
By  Peter  Whalley,  Late  Fellow  of  St.  John's  College  in  Oxford.     London. 
1756.     See  Cambridge  History  of  English  Literature,  vol.  VI,  p.  470. 

69  See  The  Alchemist,  edited  by  C.  M.  Hathaway,  1903,  p.  10. 

70  Idem,  p.  10. 

71  Whalley  says  his  plan  is  to  exhibit  the  correct  text  and  explain 
all  obscurities  due  to  Jonson's  peculiar  habit  of  thought  and  to  ob 
scure  allusions  to  the  times.     He  claims  the  right  of  correcting  flat 
nonsense  especially  where  the  emendation  follows  traces  of  the  text, 
though  he  believes  no  emendation  should  be  made  to  improve  the  author 
himself.     He  states  that  many  allusions  need  no  correcting,  but  can  be 
explained  by  expounding  the  author  by  himself.    He  gives  warning  that 
some  of  his  notes  are  introduced  merely  to  show  imitations. 


THE  PROGRESS  OF  THE  METHOD  247 

Theobald  published  an  edition  of  Jonson's  works,  he  would  have 
proposed  the  same  plan,  and  executed  in  the  manner  that  I  have 
done.72 

The  notes  bear  out  this  statement.  Many  allusions  are 
explained  by  references  to  the  literature  and  customs  of 
Jonson's  time,  while  the  meanings  of  many  words  are  illus 
trated  by  quotations  from  Jonson  and  his  contemporaries. 
Unlike  Theobald,  Whalley  seldom  supports  his  emendations, 
which  are  sometimes  introduced  .without  notice,  but  they 
are  few  and  unimportant.  Yet  his  own  words,  together  with 
the  fact  that  he  frequently  makes  use  of  material  furnished 
by  Theobald's  Shakespeare,73  show  whom  he  was  imitating. 
In  1759  appeared  the  first  modern  edition  of  Massinger, 
ostensibly  edited  by  Thomas  Coxeter.74  The  latter  was  a 
student  at  Trinity  College,  Oxford,  but  removed  to  London 
in  1710.  Here  he  became  acquainted  with  the  booksellers 
and  collected  materials  for  some  biographies  of  the  old  poets. 
Having  gathered  together  many  old  plays,  he  once  enter 
tained  the  idea  of  publishing  a  selection  from  them,  a  plan 
afterwards  executed  by  Dodsley.  Though  he  did  not  follow 
up  his  design,  he  put  his  old  quartos  to  good  use.  When 
Theobald  began  work  on  the  edition  of  Shakespeare,  Coxeter 
made  his  acquaintance  and  assisted  him  with  various  black 
letter  plays,  an  obligation  the  former  adequately  acknowl- 

72  Whalley,  op.  tit.,  vol.  1,  preface,  p.  xxix.     Besides  receiving  help 
from  Zachary  Grey,  Whalley  was  assisted  by  Theobald's  collaborators, 
Seward  and  Sympson. 

73  Idem,  vol.  1,  pp.  39,  46,  77  and  vol.  4,  p.  8. 

74  The  Dramatic  Works  of  Philip  Massinger,  Compleat  in  Four  Vol 
umes.     Revised,   Corrected,  and  all  the  various  Editions  Collated.     By 
Thomas  Coxeter,  Esq.,  with  Notes  Critical  and  Explanatory,  of  various 
Authors.     To  which  are  prefixed  Critical  Reflections  on  the  Old  English 
Dramatic  Writers.     Addressed  to  David  Garrick,  Esq. ;  London :  Printed 
for  T.  Davies.     1761.     The  first  edition  was  issued  by  Dell  in  1759, 
and  did  not  contain  the  "Critical  Reflections"  (written  by  Colman). 


248 


LEWIS   THEOB; 


edged  in  his  preface.  At  the  time  of  his  death  in  1747 
Coxeter  was  engaged  upon  this  edition  of  Massinger. 

Some  years  later  a  bookseller  named  Dell  took  over  the 
incomplete  work  and  gave  it  to  the  public.  The  preface 
bears  the  statement  that  Coxeter  spared  no  diligence  in 
making  the  text  as  correct  as  possible  by  conjecture  and 
collation  and  had  prepared  "  several  observations  and  notes 
for  his  intended  edition,"  which  were  inserted.  The  reader 
is  then  assured  that  had  the  editor  lived,  he  would  have 
completed  his  design  which  would  have  met  with  a  favorable 
reception  from  all  persons  of  taste  and  genius.  Thus  it 
seems  that  about  all  for  which  Coxeter  was  responsible  was 
the  collation  which  wrung  from  unwilling  Gifford  an  acknowl 
edgment  of  the  " ignorant  fidelity  of  Coxeter."75  In 
other  respects  Gifford  was  not  so  complimentary.  He  said 
that  the  editor  did  not  have  sufficient  learning  to  correct 
corrupt  passages;  that  his  " conjectures  are  void  alike  of 
ingenuity  and  probability,  and  his  historical  references  at 
once  puerile  and  incorrect."  Had  Coxeter 's  labors  not  been 
cut  short,  he  doubtless  would  have  supported  his  corrections 
with  some  evidence,  and  the  absence  of  such  evidence  must 
have  been  responsible  for  Dell's  confession  that  the  correc 
tions  had  been  tacitly  inserted  in  the  text  for  fear  notes  would 
only  interrupt  the  reader.76  In  a  few  places  there  are  emenda 
tions  in  Theobald's  manner,  while  some  of  the  explanations 
of  words  and  allusions  are  fashioned  in  the  standard  mold.77 

Had  the  work  been  completed  by  the  original  editor,  no 
doubt  it  would  have  been  a  creditable  performance.  Coxeter 
had  the  materials  necessary  for  a  good  edition  and  the  ex 
ample  of  his  friend  as  to  how  to  use  them.  As  the  edition 


76  The  Plays  of  Philip  Massing&r,  edited  by  Gifford,  1805. 
duction,  p.  Ixvi. 

76  See  vol.  4,  p.  254. 

77  See  vol.  2,  p.  372,  and  vol.  4,  pp.  44,  312. 


Intro- 


THE  PROGRESS  OF  THE  METHOD  249 

stands,  it  is  impossible  to  tell  to  whom  belongs  the  credit  or 
discredit  of  the  work.  There  are  practically  no  critical 
notes  on  the  text,  and  all  others  are  rather  scant.  A  large 
part  are  concerned  with  interpretative  criticism,  while 
others  content  themselves  with  parallel  passages  showing 
imitations.  Yet  a  number  explain  old  customs  and  historical 
allusions,  thus  throwing  some  light  on  Massinger.78 

Throughout  this  period  every  attempt  at  critical  work 
on  English  texts  was  sure  to  show  Theobald's  influence. 
Some  critics  fell  short  of  his  standard,  others  improved  on 
his  practice,  but  in  every  instance  the  outline  of  his  method 
is  discernible.  Yet  there  has  survived  to  the  present  day 
the  belief  that  the  eighteenth  century  constantly  associated 
his  name  with  dullness.  It  must  be  admitted  that  if  reliance 
is  placed  upon  the  comments  made  by  the  editors  of  Shake 
speare  who  followed  Theobald,  his  reputation  declined 
rapidly  after  his  death.  These  men  unfortunately  chose 
from  various  causes  to  depreciate  and  slander  their  prede 
cessor.  Warburton  for  obvious  reasons  had  no  good  word 
to  say  in  behalf  of  his  erstwhile  friend.  Johnson  was  under 
obligation  to  Warburton  for  a  timely  word  of  praise  and 
naturally  took  his  side.  Capell,  Steevens,  and  others 
followed  in  the  path  thus  marked  out  for  them,  sustained 
by  the  increasing  credence  Pope's  fame  lent  to  his  libels. 

Yet,  for  a  considerable  time  after  his  death,  Theobald's 
reputation  was  high,  especially  with  scholars.  Johnson 

78  The  preface  affords  an  interesting  example  of  the  way  Theobald's 
idea  of  an  editor's  duty  was  taken  over  by  others:  "'Tis  true,  the 
Business  of  an  Editor  is  to  amend  such  Passages  that  he  finds  corrupt, 
to  explain  what  is  obscure  and  difficult,  and  to  mark  the  Beauties  and 
Defects  of  Composition."  Theobald  had  said,  "The  Science  of  Criti 
cism,  as  far  as  it  affects  an  Editor,  seems  to  be  reduced  to  these  three 
Classes:  the  Emendation  of  corrupt  Passages;  the  Explanation  of 
obscure  and  difficult  ones;  and  an  Inquiry  into  the  Beauties  and 
Defects  of  Composition."  Preface  to  edition  of  Shakespeare,  p.  xl. 


250 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


himself,  in  his  Observations  on  Macbeth,  1745,  had  nothing 
but  praise  for  the  man  he  later  attacked.  The  following 
year  John  Upton  spoke  highly  of  him.79  In  1754  Zachary 
Grey  singled  him  out  to  say  that  he  had  thrown  a  great  deal 
of  light  on  Shakespeare's  obscurities.80  Grey  was  of  the 
opinion  that  the  editor,  "a  person  seemingly  in  other 
respects  very  modest,"  treated  Pope  too  harshly  notwith 
standing  The  Dunciad ;  but  he  could  not  understand  War- 
burton's  treatment  of  Theobald.  As  late  as  1765  Benjamin 
Heath,  while  speaking  disparagingly  of  Shakespearean 
editors  in  general,  made  an  exception  of  Pope's  rival,  saying 
that  the  public  was  under  real  and  considerable  obligation 
to  him.81  The  same  year  William  Kenrick,  in  his  review 
of  Johnson's  edition,  treated  Theobald  with  respect,  while 
in  his  defense  of  the  review  he  said  that  the  critic  was  the 
only  commentator  on  Shakespeare  that  had  acquitted  him 
self  with  reputation.82 

It  was  not  until  the  last  half  of  the  century  was  well  under 
way  that  the  satire  of  Pope  and  the  slanders  of  other  editors 
obscured  his  fame.  Even  then  the  very  things  for  which 
he  had  been  satirized  won  a  complete  triumph  over  The  Dun 
ciad.  The  fact  is  apparent  not  only  in  the  method  employed 
by  later  critics,  but  in  the  definite  stands  some  of  them  took. 
Johnson  did  not  hesitate  to  attack  Pope's  "dull  duty  of  an 
editor  "  :  "  The  duty  of  a  collator  is  indeed  dull,  yet  like  other 

79  Critical  Observations  on  Shakespeare,  passim. 

80  Critical,  Historical,  and  Explanatory  Notes  on  Shakespeare,  preface. 

81  A  Revisal  of  Shakespeare's  Text,  preface. 

82  Defence  of  Mr.  Kenrick's   Review  of  Dr.  Johnson's  Shakespeare, 
1766,  p.  9.     Seward  spoke  of  Theobald  as  one  "who  is  most  obliged  to 
Shakespeare,  and  to  whom  Shakespeare  is  most  obliged  of  any  man 
living,"  and  affirms  that  he  was  unblasted  by  the  lightning  of  Pope. 
Edition  of  Beaumont  and  Fletcher,  1750,  preface.     See  also  the  preface 
to  Whalley's  edition  of  Ben  Jonson,  1756,  where  Theobald  is  indirectly 
complimented. 


THE  PROGRESS  OF  THE  METHOD  251 

tedious  tasks,  is  very  necessary ;  but  an  emendatory  critick 
would  ill  discharge  his  duty,  without  qualities  very  different 
from  dulness."  Especially  did  Pope's  line  "All  such  reading 
as  was  never  read"  arouse  the  ire  of  later  scholars.  Of  this 
line  Wart  on  said, 

If  Shakespeare  is  worth  reading,  he  is  worth  explaining;  and  the 
researches  used  for  so  valuable  and  elegant  a  purpose,  merit  the 
thanks  of  genius  and  candour,  not  the  satire  of  prejudice  and 
ignorance.83 

Farmer,  though  perpetually  sneering  at  Theobald,  was 
forced  to  the  confession  that,  "In  the  course  of  this  disquisi 
tion,  you  have  often  smiled  at  'all  such  reading  as  was  never 
read ' ;  and  possibly  I  may  have  indulged  it  too  far :  but 
it  is  the  reading  necessary  for  a  comment  on  Shakespeare."  M 
Strange  as  it  may  seem,  Pope's  characterization  of  Theobald 
was  complacently  accepted,  yet  the  specific  charges  advanced 
by  the  satirist  were  denied.  The  editor  was  considered 
dull  for  the  very  offenses  his  calumniators  were  glad  to 
commit. 

One  reason  why  in  the  end  Theobald's  reputation  was 
unable  to  overcome  the  misrepresentations  of  Pope  lay  in 
the  fact  that  as  his  method  became  more  general,  its  source 
was  obscured.  The  generation  who  knew  Theobald  and 
his  works  realized  his  importance  and  patterned  their  own 
procedure  after  his.  Their  work  in  turn  became  new  centers 
of  influence,  so  that  by  the  last  quarter  of  the  century  the 
later  tribe  of  critics  considered  the  method  anybody's. 
Not  only  was  he  deprived  of  the  honor  of  formulating  and 
practicing  a  method  by  which  results  could  be  obtained,  but 
his  own  results  were  continually  pillaged  by  critics,  to  whom 
have  been  attributed  discoveries  made  many  years  before. 

83  Observations  on  the  Fairie  Queene,  1807,  II,  p.  319. 

84  D.  N.  Smith,  Eighteenth  Century  Essays  on  Shakespeare,   1003, 
p.  214. 


252 


LEWIS   THEOBALD 


Theobald    the    editor    disappeared;     Theobald    the    dunce 
survived. 

Because  Theobald's  work  ceased  to  be  the  actual  model 
for  later  critics,  it  is  unnecessary  to  trace  the  method  any 
farther.  Yet  it  has  come  down  to  the  present  day  and  con 
stitutes  the  basic  principles  of  modern  editing.  In  the 
construction  of  an  accurate  text  —  the  first  duty  of  an 
editor  —  collation  and  the  recording  of  variant  readings  are 
the  most  important  considerations.  Theobald  first  em 
phasized  and  established  the  importance  of  collation,  and 
was  the  first  to  take  any  steps  toward  noticing  variant  read 
ings.  Emending  has  fallen  from  the  high  place  it  once  held, 
but  the  imperative  need  of  it  is  sometimes  recognized,  and 
in  such  cases  the  only  method  entitled  to  respect  is  Theo 
bald's.  He  placed  the  science  on  the  firmest  foundation  of 
which  it  is  susceptible.  In  the  explanation  of  a  text  the 
critical  editor  of  to-day  only  enlarges  on  the  earlier  pro 
cedure.  He  must  acquaint  himself  with  the  history,  customs, 
and  manners  of  the  age  in  which  his  author  lived ;  above  all, 
he  must  study  the  literature  and  language  of  that  age.  This 
Theobald  was  the  first  to  do.  As  for  the  parallel  passages, 
which  the  first  -editor  used  on  all  occasions,  and  which 
flourished  so  luxuriantly  throughout  the  rest  of  the  century, 
their  need  is  now  largely  supplied  by  dictionaries,85  without 
which,  however,  it  would  be  necessary  to  return  to  the 
old  plan.  The  scholar  of  to-day  has  every  aid  to  investi 
gation,  so  that  his  research  is  naturally  more  thorough  and 
his  feeling  for  accuracy  more  pronounced ;  still,  take  away 
what  Theobald  contributed  to  the  science  of  editing,  and 
little  is  left. 

85  Johnson  is  generally  given  the  credit  for  inaugurating  the  method 
of  illustrating  the  meaning  of  a  word  by  quotations.  He  probably 
took  it  over  from  the  notes  of  critics  and  editors  who  followed  the 
example  set  by  Shakespeare  Restored. 


THE  PROGRESS  OF  THE  METHOD 


253 


To  Bentley,  however,  really  belongs  the  credit  for  stimu 
lating  textual  work  in  English,  and  in  some  part  for  formu 
lating  the  method.86  Theobald's  treatment  of  collation  and 
variant  readings  was  derived  from  his  study  of  the  great 
scholar,  while  his  emendatory  notes  were  closely  modeled 
upon  the  other  critic's.  In  explanatory  notes  the  parallelism 
is  not  so  close,  owing  to  the  dissimilarity  of  their  tasks,  but 
the  same  spirit  that  informs  Bentley's  work  is  apparent  in 
the  Shakespearean  annotations.  In  both  there  is  the  same 
unwillingness  to  deal  in  random  guesses  and  unfounded 
hearsay,  the  same  reliance  on  reasoning  based  upon  fact, 
upon  evidence  gathered  from  wide  investigation  and  focused 
upon  obscurity;  a  spirit  first  seen  in  the  members  of  the 
young  Royal  Society,  with  whom  Bentley  was  closely  as 
sociated,  and  who,  in  spite  of  many  freakish  experiments 
and  outlandish  notions,  broke  away  from  tradition  and 
superstition,  and  sought  the  reassuring  conclusions  drawn 
from  observed  fact  and  logical  thought. 

86  The  late  Professor  Fltigel  was  certainly  wrong  in  saying  "Shakes- 
perean  scholarship,  from  Rowe  to  Malone,  does  not  even  find  a  standard 
of  textual  criticism  to  be  applied  to  Shakespeare's  works:  Bentley's 
influence  is  not  felt  on  this  field."  This  is  the  very  field  in  which 
Bentley's  influence  was  most  potent,  as  we  would  expect  from  the 
emphasis  he  himself  placed  on  textual  criticism.  See  Flugel  Memorial 
Volume,  Univ.  of  Cal.  Publications,  1916,  pp.  18,  20,  30. 


APPENDIX  A 


"  BIBLIOTHECA  :  A  Poem,  Occasioned  by  the  sight  of  a 
Modern  Library.  With  some  very  useful  episodes  and 
digressions,"  is  to  be  found  in  the  third  volume,  page  19, 
of  A  Select  Collection  of  Poems.  8  vols.  London.  1780, 
printed  for  and  by  J.  Nichols.  In  a  footnote  Nichols  says, 
"This  is  ascribed  to  Dr.  King  upon  conjecture  only.  It  was 
published  in  1712,  the  winter  before  he  died,  by  his  book 
seller,  inscribed  to  his  patron,  and  is  very  much  in  his  manner. 
His  name  is  accordingly  affixed  to  the  author's  notes." 
It  is  now  given  to  Thomas  Newcomb,  though  on  what 
grounds  I  do  not  know.  It  seems  to  be  written  very  much 
in  King's  manner,  especially  when  we  compare  this  quotation 
with  that  from  Some  Account  of  Horace' 's  Behaviour,  given  in 
Chapter  II. 

The  idea  of  the  poem  was  evidently  derived  from  The 
Battle  of  the  Books.  The  poet  goes  into  a  modern  library, 
and,  the  books  impersonating  their  authors,  the  poet  dis 
cusses  them  one  by  one ;  Defoe  especially  comes  in  for  some 
hard  knocks.  Nichols  (p.  65)  points  to  the  similarity 
between  the  Oblivion  of  this  poem  and  the  Goddess  of  The 
Dunciad,  and  adds  that  there  are  many  more  points  of 
similarity.  He  then  compares  the  first  two  lines  of  the 
passage  quoted  with  these  two  in  The  Dunciad. 
Bk.  IV,  line  219, 

"  'Tis  true,  On  words  is  still  our  whole  debate 
Disputes  of  Me  or  Te,  of  aut  or  at." 

Compare  the  following  selections  also  : 


APPENDIX   A 


253 


Bibliotheca : 

Beneath  a  dark  and  gloomy  cell 
A  lazy  Goddess  chose  to  dwell 

Oblivion  was  her  dreaded  name ; 
On  verse  and  laudanum  she  feeds, 

Each  weeping  wall  bedew' d  appears 
With  Cloe's  sighs,  and  Strephon's  tears ; 
Sad  dirges,  breathing  Lover's  pain, 
And  soft  complaints  of  Virgins  slain : 
While  Female  Sonnets,  Poet's  Themes, 
Beaux  Stratagems,  Projectors'  Dreams, 
Around  the  lonely  structure  fly, 
Slumber  awhile,  and  gently  die. 

Dunciad : 

Here  stood  her  opium,  here  she  nursed  her  owl. 

Hence  hymning  Tyburn's  elegiac  lay, 

Hence  the  soft  sing-song  on  Cecilia's  day, 

Sepulchral  lyes  our  holy  walls  to  grace 

And  New-year-Odes  and  all  the  Grubstreet  race." 

Other  parallels  between  the  two  satires  could  be  shown. 


APPENDIX  B 

The  Odes,  Epodes,  and  Carmen  Seculare  of  Horace.  In 
Latin  and  English;  with  a  Translation  of  Dr.  Bentley's  Notes. 
To  which  are  added  Notes  upon  Notes.  In  24  Parts  complete. 
By  several  Hands.  London;  Printed  for  Bernard  Lintott 
at  the  Cross-Keys,  between  the  two  Temple-Gates  in  Fleetstreet, 
MDCCXIII. 

This  work  is  a  collection  of  twenty-six  pamphlets,  the  first 
two  being  a  translation  of  Bentley's  dedication  and  "The 
Life  of  Horace  with  Bentley's  Preface,  Latin  and  English.'' 
The  other  twenty-four  are  devoted  to  a  translation  of  Horace 
and  Bentley's  notes,  to  which  are  added  the  notes  on  notes. 
These  last  are  rather  abundant  at  first,  but  toward  the  end 
become  short  and  scarce,  many  odes  being  passed  over 
entirely.  Of  the  twenty-four  parts,  seventeen  appeared  in 
1712  and  seven  the  following  year.  Monk  thinks  they 
were  issued  fortnightly. 

As  regards  authorship,  Monk  says  (Life  of  Bentley,  vol.  1, 
p.  319):  "There  appears  once  to  have  been  a  notion  that 
the  author  was  no  other  than  Bentley's  old  enemy,  Dr.  King. 
A  copy  of  the  book,  in  an  old  binding,  shown  to  me  by  Mr. 
Evans,  the  eminent  book  seller  of  Pall-Mail,  is  lettered 
King's  Horace.  But  Dr.  King  was  dead  some  time  before 
the  completion  of  the  work.  The  writer  might  have  been 
another  person  of  the  same  name."  Now  it  is  generally 
attributed  to  William  Oldisworth  (Notes  and  Queries,  1865, 
vol.  2,  p.  229;  and  article  on  Oldisworth  in  Dictionary  of 
National  Biography).  A  translation  of  the  poems  alone, 


APPENDIX   B  257 

issued  in  1719  as  the  second  edition,  bears  Oldisworth's 
name  as  translator.  On  this  evidence,  however,  I  hardly 
think  it  safe  to  attribute  the  whole  work  to  him.  The  title 
page  of  the  1713  edition  says  specifically  "By  several  Hands." 
It  seems  natural  that  Oldisworth  should  have  been  selected 
to  translate  the  poetry,  for  Lintot  says  (Carruther's  Life 
of  Pope,  p.  141)  "he  translated  an  ode  of  Horace  the  quickest 
of  any  man  in  England."  Nor  do  I  think  it  improbable  that 
King  translated  the  notes  and  wrote  the  notes  upon  notes. 
He  did  not  die  until  late  in  December,  and,  according  to 
Monk's  calculation  of  two  weeks  for  each  part,  the  work 
must  have  been  completed  some  three  months  later. 
It  seems  possible  that  King  might  have  completed  his  task 
before  Oldisworth  had  done  his,  since  it  would  certainly 
take  longer  to  translate  the  odes  than  Bentley's  notes  and 
since  the  notes  on  notes  are  very  scarce  toward  the  end. 
The  notes  are  in  King's  manner  and  contain  allusions  to 
his  works.  Bentley  is  called  Bentivoglio  (Pt.  I.  p.  13),  a 
name  used  in  the  Dialogues  of  the  Dead,  and  a  similar  descrip 
tion  of  him  is  given.  There  are  two  references  (Pt.  4, 
p.  6,  Pt.  15,  p.  31)  to  the  Trinity  College  Buttery  which 
figured  in  King's  Some  Account  of  Horace's  Behaviour,  and 
a  picture  of  Bentley  which  must  have  been  made  from 
the  same  plate  used  in  the  Some  Account.  One  note  (Pt.  I. 
p.  23)  reads  much  like  Useful  Transactions,  and  the  doggerel 
poems  scattered  through  the  notes  are  the  same  in  pur 
pose,  spirit,  and  nature  as  those  in  the  Transactions. 


APPENDIX  C 

SOME  UNPUBLISHED  LETTERS  OF  THEOBALD 

THE  originals  of  the  following  letters,  with  a  few  excep 
tions,  are  to  be  found  in  the  British  Museum,  Egerton 
MSS.  1956,  contained  in  a  small  volume  labeled  "  Letters 
of  L.  Theobald  and  Dr.  Warburton."  They  supplement 
those  given  by  Nichols  in  Illustrations  of  Literature,  vol.  2, 
pp.  189-656,  beginning  with  December,  1729,  and  extend 
ing  to  the  fall  of  1736.  Nichols  said  he  obtained  the  originals 
of  the  letters  he  published  from  a  gentleman  who  had 
received  them  from  Theobald's  son.  In  this  case  the 
letters  herein  printed  must  have  remained  in  Warburton's 
hands,  a  conclusion  further  supported  by  the  fact  that  there 
is  contained  among  them  a  statement  in  Warburton's  hand 
writing  to  the  effect  that  he  had  returned  many  of  Theo 
bald's  letters.  In  April,  1730,  the  latter  wrote  for  his  letters, 
and  the  following  month  acknowledged  their  receipt,  prom 
ising  at  the  same  time  to  return  them,  which  promise  must 
not  have  been  fulfilled.  There  are  four  more  of  Theobald's 
letters,  all  containing  notes  on  Shakespeare,  given  in  the 
Illustrations,  which  Warburton  must  have  returned  at  some 
later  date,  as  well  as  five  of  Warburton's  which  Theobald 
missed  when  he  sent  back  his  friend's  correspondence  in 
1736. 

Warburton  made  it  a  point  to  return  all  his  friend's 
manuscripts  which  contained  notes  on  Shakespeare.  For 
that  reason  there  is  little  Shakespearean  criticism  to  be 
found  in  the  following  letters,  a  fact  much  to  be  deplored. 
Yet  they  have  some  value  in  the  light  they  shed  on  Theo 
bald's  feelings  and  activities  in  the  years  following  the 


APPENDIX   C  259 

Dunciad,  and  especially  in  making  clear  the  cause  of  the 
break  between  the  two  friends. 

I  have  tried  to  print  the  letters  as  Theobald  wrote  them, 
making  no  effort  to  correct  punctuation,  capitalization 
and  the  like.  In  the  Greek  quotations  I  have  not  sought 
to  emend  in  accent  and  form.  I  have  made  few  omis 
sions,  and  those  only  in  cases  where  the  passages  are  already 
in  print.  To  each  omission  attention  is  called  in  a  foot 
note,  and  the  place  specified  where  it  can  be  found.  With 
a  few  exceptions,  which  are  noted,  all  the  letters  are  ad 
dressed  to  Warburton. 


[To  Sir  Hans  Sloane] 
1  Sir, 

I  presume  on  the  priviledge  of  a  Neighbour  to  inclose 
herewith  One  of  my  Proposals,  &  beg  the  Honour  of  yor 
Name  to  grace  one  part  of  my  List.  In  your  own  Pro 
fession  Sir,  I  have  been  indulg'd  wth.  the  Encouragem*. 
of  Dr.  Mead,  poor  Dr.  Friend,  D.  Pellet  &c  having  a  par 
donable  Ambition,  as  I  hope,  of  desiring  such  Names  as 
may  do  my  Subscription  most  Credit.  Forgive  Sir  my  not 
personally  attending  you,  &  please  to  impute  it  to  a  Fear 
of  being  too  intruding;  as  I  never  had  the  Happiness  of 
Access  to  you.  If  you  please  to  think  me  worthy  of  your 
Commands,  I  shall  with  great  Pride  embrace  the  Favour, 
&  esteem  myself 

Sr. 

your  most  obliged,  as  well 

as  obedient  humble 

Wyan's  Court  Serv*. 

Great  Russell  Street  Lew.  Theobald 

Mond.  5  Aug*.  1728. 

1  British  Museum,  Sloane  Mss.  4049,  f.  214. 


260  APPENDIX   C 

(4).   p.  71.2 

The  fairest  grant  is  the  Necessity :]  I  don't  clearly  com 
prehend,  at  least  satisfy  myself  in  the  connection  of  This. 

(5).  p.  73. 

1  wonder  that  Thou  (being  as  thou  say'st  thou  art,  &c) 
As  being  born  under  Saturn  may  carry  two  different  In 
fluences,  I  am  a  little  doubtfull  concerning  the  Exposition 
or  the  Truth,  of  the  Text  here.     Does  he  mean,  I  wonder 
y*  thou,  being  born  under  such  a  malevolent  planet,  should'st 
give  such  good  &  moral  counsel  ?  —  Or  are  we  to  read  — 
I  wonder  not  that  thou  &c  &  then  we  may  expound,  I  don't 
wonder,  y*  Thou  being  born  under  such  a  heavy,  plegmatic 
Aspect,  should'st  be  so  moral  in  thy  Advice,  but  I  cannot 
hide  what  I  am  &c. 

(6).  p.  74. 

Being  entertained  for  a  Perfumer,  as  I  was  smoaking  in 
a  musty  Room.]  This  is  ag*  the  Authority  of  the  3  oldest 
Editions,  wch  all  read  more  rightly  to  ye  Poet's  Intention  —  as 
I  was  smoaking  a  musty  Room.  i.e.  fumigating,  perfuming, 
taking  off  the  ill  scent. 

(7).  p.  77. 

Bene.  Well,  I  would  you  did  like  me.]  This  and  the 
two  subsequent  little  Speeches,  y*  are  given  to  Benedict, 
I  think  ought  to  be  placed  to  Balthazar.  Pedro,  you  will 
observe  talks  to  Hero :  Balth :  to  Margaret :  Ursula  to 
Antonio;  &  then  Beatrice  &  Benedict  advance  their  Dia 
logue. 

2  The  beginning  and  end  of  this  letter  are  missing,  but  its  date  lies 
between  November  29  and  December  4,  1729.    Its  proper  place  in 
Nichols  is  after  p.  299,  vol.  2.     The  play  commented  on  is  Much  Ado 
about  Nothing. 


APPENDIX  C  261 

(8).   p.  81. 

Huddling  jeast  upon  jeast,  with  such  IMPOSSIBLE 
conveyance  upon  me,  that  I  stood  like  a  Man  at  a  Mark, 
with  a  whole  Army  shooting  at  me ;]  This  impossible  con 
veyance  communicates  no  sensible  Idea  to  me,  &  I  have  of 
old  suspected  it  should  be  — with  such  IMPASSABLE 
conveyance,  i.e.  not  to  be  put  by,  parried,  avoided.  We 
have  a  sentence  very  near  to  This  in  Sense  in  Twelfth  Night. 

p.  232.    And  he  give  me  th 3  STUCK  in  with  such  a 

MORTAL  MOTION  that  it  is  INEVITABLE. 

(9).  p.  83. 

Claud.    And  so  she  doth,  Cousin.  1  Should    not  this    be 
Beatr.     Good  Lord,  for  Alliance     /  rather,  Good  Lord, 

our  Alliance !    i.e. 

how  presently  are  we  related,  now  you  are  going  to  marry  my 

Kinswoman. 


(10).   p.  84. 

She  is  never  sad  but  when  she  sleeps, 
and  not  ever  sad  then ;  for  I  have  heard 
my  Daughter  say,  She  hath  often  dreamt 
of  Unhappiness.  &c. 


I  have  suspected 
this  should  be,  — 
She  hath  often 
dream'd  of  an 


happiness,  &c  i.e. 

She  hath  often  had 

merry  Dreams,  ergo  as  is  premised,  She  is  not  ever  sad  when 
She  sleeps. 

(11).   p.  88. 
We'll  fit  the  kid-fox  with  a  pennyworth.]    With  a 

penny  worth 
of  what  ?    I  don't  well  take  his  Allusion. 

8  MS.  is  torn. 


262 


APPENDIX    C 


(12).  ibid. 

Note  this  before  my  Notes.    There's  not  a  Note  of  mine 
that's  worth  the  noting. 

Pedr.     Why  these  are  very  Crotchets  that  he  }  Sure    from 

speaks  J  Balthazar's 

Note  Notes  foresooth,  &  nothing          own  Words  it 

must  be — and 

noting. 
(13).   p.  91. 

O  She  tore  the  Letter  into  a  thousand  HALFPENCE]  This 
is  a  very  whimsical  Expression,  yet  I  think  I  understand 
it.  Does  he  not  mean  into  a  thousand  Pieces  of  the  same 
Bigness.  There  is  a  passage  in  AS  YOU  LIKE  IT  p.  350, 
that  favours  this  explanation  —  There  were  none  principal : 
they  were  all  like  ONE  ANOTHER  as  HALF-PENCE 
are.  And  both  these  Passages  seem  to  allude  to  the  Old 
Piece  of  money  that  was  struck  with  a  cross  in  such  a  Manner, 
that  it  might  be  split  into  Halves  or  Quarters,  to  pass  for 
Half -pence  or  Farthings. 

Now  as  my  Queries  on  the  second  Act  are  finish'd  here, 
give  me  leave,  Dear  Sr.  to  fill  up  the  Remaining  Paper  wth 
Matter  occasionally  necessary.  I  confessed  the  Rec*.  of 
Two  of  yours  by  mine  of  ye  27th  Instant ;  &  yesterday  yor. 
3d.  arriv'd  on  TIMON  all  glorious  Dissertation  and  Emenda 
tion!  If  this  be  deviating,  'tis  to  me  delightfull  Excursion; 
&  gives  even  Business  the  Air  of  Entertainment.  Yet  while 
I  wish  for  the  Repetition  of  such  Discourses,  I  cannot  but 
look  on  them  wth  Emulation ;  I  might  almost  be  pardon'd, 
if  I  said  wth  Envy.  I  find  myself  so  obscur'd  by  Inequality ; 
You  shew  such  a  Fluency  of  Thought  &  Expression,  such  a 
clearness  of  Ideas,  &  such  a  Compass  of  general  Reading, 
y*.  I  can  much  easier  admire  than  express  my  admiration. 
Make  no  rash  Vows,  that  you  will  start  out  no  more ;  permit 
me  both  to  be  pleas'd  wth.  Order,  &  ravish'd  with  Escapades, 


APPENDIX   C  263 

as  Dryden  expresses  it.  Nor  grudge  me,  Dear  Sr.,  the 
benefit  of  yr  Explanations,  by  paying  a  compliment  to  my 
narrow  Sagacity  —  But  how  shall  I  sufficiently  thank  you 
for  that  overkind  Opinion  you  are  pleas'd  to  entertain  of 
my  Task  in  Hand?  Believe,  Sr.,  I  will  faithfully  consult 
my  Reputation  as  well  as  private  Honour,  in  this  Respect ; 
that  if  I  live  to  any  little  portion  of  Posterity,  I  shall  be  so 
just  to  confess  you  One  of  my  Supporters  in  y*.  Rank.  &  take 
a  Pride  to  acknowledge  both  what  Emendations  I  am  in 
debted  to  you  for,  &  where  I  have  the  pleasure  of  your 
concurrence  to  Mine. 

But  as  our  Author's  Hamlet  says  —  Something  too 
much  of  This.  — 

The  small  compass  of  paper  I  have  left  shall  be  employ'd 
to  inform  you  how  I  had  cur'd  three  passages  in  Timon  of 
wch  you  have  given  me  your  Emendations. 

p.  117. 

Serving  of  Becks  &c]  You  ingeniously  correct  serring 
of  becks.  I  wish  the  phrase  be  not  a  little  too  quaint.  I 
have  read,  wth.  very  trivial  Deviation  from  the  Letter, 
Scruing  of  Backs,  &  jutting  out  of  Bums.  For  Apemantus, 
I  think,  is  observing  on  the  unreasonable  Distortions 
practised  in  their  Congees. 

p.  130. 

Of  the  same  piece  is  ev'ry.  Flatterer's  SPORT.]  You 
say  COAT.  &  This  is  countenanced  by  piece.  I  had  read, 
(as,  the  World's  Soul,  are  the  Words  in  the  preceding  Verse) 
Of  the  same  piece  is  ev'ry  Flat'rer's  SPIRIT :  i.e.  all  Matt" 
are  of  a  piece  one  with  another. 

p.  168. 

-let  him  take  his  TASTE].  You  read  TATCH.  This 
word  is  in  Skinner,  but  I'm  afraid  a  little  too  obselete  for 


264 


APPENDIX   C 


Sh.  I  had  read  —  let  him  take  his  HASTE,  i.e.  let  him 
make  use  of  his  best  Speed.  As  in  Haml :  p.  314.  Take 
thy  fair  hour  Laertes :  i.e.  make  Use  of  the  Hour  y*  favours 
yr  Embarking.  And  Plutarch  telling  this  very  Story  of 
Timon  in  the  Life  of  M.  Anthony  (&  our  Author  you  know 
is  very  faithfull  where  he  borrows :)  seems  to  give  a  Sort  of 
Authority  for  this  Reading,  where  part  of  Timon's  Words 
are ;  To  the  End  that  if  any  more  among  you  have  a  Mind 
to  make  the  same  Use  of  my  Tree  they  may  do  it  SPEEDILY 
before  it  is  destroyed. 

I  have  yet  a  scrip  left  &  therefore  I'll  trouble  you  wth.  2 
Passages  that  I  think  are  notoriously  corrupted  in  the 
Pointing,  a  little  deeper  in  this  play,  &  wch  I  wonder  have 
escap'd  you. 


My  dear  Friend, 

Pardon  me  for  once,  that  I  am  obliged  to  give  you  the  Ex- 
pence  of  a  Letter,  without  our  delightfull  Affair  going  on. 
I  thought  it  however  my  Duty  to  give  you  a  Line,  y*.  I 
might  not  seem  remiss  where  you  are  so  kindly  diligent. 
But  I  flatter  myself  y*.  you  will  not  be  displeas'd  to  know, 
y*.  Orestes  is  now  upon  a  Rehearsal ;  &  y*  my  whole  present 
Time  from  Morning  to  Night,  is  employ'd  in  a  Copy  by 
his  Royal  Highness's  Command.  By  Thursday's  post 
notwithstanding  I  hope  to  fetch  up  Arrears.  Excuse  for 
the  present,  strong  as  my  Heart  is,  the  tir'd  Hand  of  Dearest 
Sr. 

Yr.  most  affectionate 

&  ever  oblig'd  Friend  &  humble. 

Serv*. 

Lew:  Theobald. 
Wyan's  Court 
10  Febry.  1729.     [1730] 


APPENDIX  C  265 

14  Feb.  1729.  [1730]  My  Dear  Sir,  I  have  now  finished 
this  part  of  my  Task,  &  have  given  you  all  the  Remarks, 
Conjectures  &  Emendations  I  have  made  upon  y*  Author 
whom  I  have  read  for  your  Service.  Your  Merit  &  Goodness 
make  me  wish  them  of  more  Worth  I  have  now  nothing  to 
do  but  to  follow  you,  &  w*  Emendations,  or  Conjectures, 
or  Explanations  I  shall  hit  upon  will  arise  from  the  Hints 
your  Queries  will  afford. 

I  am,  Dearest  Sir, 
yr  most  sincere  &  affectionate 
Friend. 


Dear  Sir 

I  am  now  to  acknowledge  the  Rec*  of  yours  (No  32)  of 
the  13  Instant,  &  to  thank  you  for  yor  kind  promise  of 
reading  over  Mr  P's  preface  for  Me.  The  question  of 
Shakespeare's  Learning,  I  believe  you'll  find  so  very  doubt 
fully  decided  by  him,  that  the  argument  will  put  you  in 
Mind  of  —  Jean  a  dance  mieux  que  Pierre,  et  Pierre  a  dance 
mieux  que  Jean;  etc  —  And  now,  Dear  Sr,  that  we  have 
on  each  side  run  through  all  the  8  vols.  I  must  beg  the 
favour  that  you  will  set  what  mark  you  think  fit  on  my 
poor  Sett  of  letters,  &  transmit  'em  to  me ;  &  I  will  promise 
faithfully,  they  shall  be  returned  again  to  you,  if  you  think 
fit,  et  si  res  tanti  est.  As  I  could  keep  no  copies,  it  will  be 
impossible,  in  so  long  an  intercourse  to  recollect  all  my 
reasons  for  the  Conjectures  I  have  submitted  to  you ;  and 
to  have  them  in  hand  to  compare  with  your  answers,  will 
be  absolutely  necessary  to  my  task  in  hand.  I  beg  you 
will  favour  me  with  a  letter  of  advice,  how,  &  when,  you  are 
pleased  to  send  them.  You  once  asked  me  about  Tonson's 
Greek  Edition  of  Plutarch ;  He  has  now  advertis'd  the  pub- 


266 


APPENDIX   C 


lication  of  it  —  By  the  way,  that  gentleman  &  I  are  coming 
to  a  Treaty  together.  He  has  been  wth  my  friend,  the 
Lady  De  la  Warre,  &  submitts  to  make  her  the  Arbitra- 
tress  of  Termes  betwix  us  for  my  publishing  an  edition  of 
Shakespeare.  He  says,  a  brace  of  hundreds  shan't  break 
agreement.  This  is  talking  boldly;  &  I  wish  heartily  his 
name  was  John.  I  shall  know  the  Issue  of  this  Proposition 
in  about  a  fortnight ;  &  so  soon  as  known,  wth  great  pleasure 
communicate  it.  These  things  premised,  you  will  indulge  me 
in  a  few  conjectures,  (to  fill  up,)  which  I  am  always  pleased 
to  submit  to  you.  You  have  not  Locrine,  you  say,  by  you ; 
but  the  passage,  I  am  going  to  amend,  will  ask  no  Reference, 
I  think  for  the  certainty  of  my  conjecture. 


Act  3.  Sec  5. 

The  Arm-strong  offspring  of  the  DOUBTED  KNIGHT, 

Stout  Hercules,  Alcmena's  mighty  Son, 

That  tamed  the  Monsters  of  the  threefold  World;   etc. 

The  good  editors  that  passed  this  stuff  unsuspected,  have 
had  so  little  of  the  Herculean  Spirit  in  them,  subduing 
monsters,  'tis  plain  is  none  of  their  office.  The  Doubted 
Knight,  I  make  no  question,  they  look  on  content  for  Am 
phitryon;  either  as  his  fatherly  Pretensions  to  Hercules 
were  to  be  disputed,  by  Reason  of  the  Pains  Jupiter  took 
in  begetting  him:  or  as  the  epithet  doubted  hero,  by  an 
apocope  warrantable  enough  among  the  old  English 
poets,  might  stand  for  redoubted;  the  valiant  renown'd 
Amphitryon.  —  But,  in  my  opinion,  Hercules  is  sufficiently 
distinguished  by  being  called  Alcmena's  mighty  son;  & 
therefore  we  may  spare  the  Mention  of  his  Father.  But  can 
we  throw  out  the  Father,  without  making  the  Blank  Verse 
halt  for  it?  I'll  venture  by  the  alteration  of  one  Mistaken 
Letter,  &  the  Rejection  of  another,  which  is  but  an  Inter- 


APPENDIX   C  267 

loper,  to  restore  a  Reading  truly  Poetical  &  consonant  to 
the  Tradition  concerning  the  Begetting  of  Hercules.  As 
thus. 

The  valiant  offspring  of  the  Doubled  Night.4 
Stout  Hercules,  Alcmena's  mighty  son,  etc. 

As  Mr  Rowe  was  so  well  acquainted  with  poetical  story, 
tis  much,  methinks,  he  did  not  remember  this  noted  cir 
cumstance  of  the  Fable,  that  Juppiter  for  the  fuller  enjoy 
ment  of  his  pleasure  with  Alcmena,  ordered  two  nights  to 
be  clapt  together,  &  that  the  sun  should  not  rise  at  the 
expected  hour.  Seneca,  or  whoever  else  has  left  us  the 
Latin  Tragedy  of  Agamemnon,  is  express  to  this  point 
—  Roscidae  Noctis  gemnavit  horas,  jussitque ;  Phoebum 
tardius  celeres  agitare  currus,  —  Propert.  1 .2.  El.  22.  Jupiter 
Alcmenae  geminas  requieverat  Arctos  Et  Coelum  noctu  bis 
sine  rege  fuit.  Martian :  Capella  speaks  of  these  two  nights 
clap'd  together,  &  of  Hercules  in  his  cradle  strangling  the 
Serpants,  as  Testimonies  of  his  Divine  Origin.  In  ortu 
Herculis  geminatae  Noctis  obsequium,  serpentesque ;  idem 
parvus,  oblidens,  vim  numinis  approbavit  —  And  S*  Jerom 
against  Vigilantius  says,  that  Jupiter  coupled  two  nights 
caressing  Alcmena,  that  Hercules  might  derive  the  more 
strength  &  vigour.  In  Alcmenae  adulterio  duas  nodes 
Jupiter  Copulavit,  ut  magnae  fortitudinis  Hercules  nascere- 
tur.  I  might  multiply  quotations,  but  these  seem  sufficient 
to  justify  my  Conjectures.  Glancing  over  the  2d  p*  of 
Henry  IV  p.  303.  I  started  a  suspicion  upon  the  following 
passage :  — 

When  your  own  Percy,  when  my  heart-dear  Harry 
Threw  many  a  Northward  Look,  to  see  his  father 
Bring  up  his  powers,  but  he  did  L  0  N  G  in  vain!  — 

4  The  emendation  is  adopted  and  ascribed  to  Steevens  in  Tucker 
Brooke's  edition  of  the  Shakespeare  apocrypha. 


268 


APPENDIX   C 


I  think  the  turn  &  elegance  of  the  Sentiment,  to  say  nothing 
of  the  common  usage  of  our  poet,  determine  that  we  should 
read; — but  he  did  LOOK  in  vain!  When  I  made  this 
emendation,  a  passage  of  Aristophanes  immediately  re 
curred  to  my  memory,  upon  which  I  have  ventured  to  make 
a  conjecture.  Thesmoph.  v.  853. 

fAA02  yey  &>TI  JJLCLL  irpoadoK&v  6  d'ovdeirw.  Mnesilochus, 
who  is  under  guard  and  under  terrible  apprehensions  of 
being  severely  mauled  by  the  women  for  intruding  into 
their  mysteries  very  earnestly  expects  Euripedes  to  come 
to  his  rescue;  &  complains  that  he  has  almost  turned  his 
eyes  a-Squint,  with  thus  expecting  him.  Keuster,  you  see, 
determines  the  passage  to  be  corrupt;  because  expecta 
tion  never  made  any  man  Squint.  He  would  therefore  sub 
stitute  AIDS  7C7€j^juat  —  the  use  of  which  phrase  in 
his  sense,  I  confess,  he  very  satisfactorily  supports.  I 
would  only  observe  that  this  learned  man,  when  he  but  few 
years  before  published  his  Suidas,  &  met  with  this  word 
under  the  article  avefape  —  Td  nev  avros  rjv  VTTO  <t>opov  — 
Scil.  Partim  vero  a  Timore  exsiccatus,  is  for  Changing  it 
into  avews ;  mutus  prae  Timore,  Vulgata  enim  Lectio  inepta 
mihi  videtur.  I  agree  with  him  that  litterally,  expectation 
never  made  any  Man  Squint :  but,  in  expecting  we  may 
turn  our  Eyes  so  long  one  Way,  thro'  Eagerness  of  looking 
out  for  the  expected  Object  that  we  may  strain  the  Nerves 
so  as  to  squint,  till  we  unbend  &  recover  them  to  their 
right  Tone.  Again,  IXXos  possesses  not  only  all  the  Copies 
of  Aristophanes  but  of  Suidas  too,  who  quotes  a  part  of 
this  very  Verse.  IXXos  yeytvrujLcu,  6  5'  ouSeTrco.  My  Suspicion 
then  dear  Sir  is  that  if  there  be  any  Corruption,  it  may  be 
on  the  Word  irpoffdoK&v,  which  is  not  quoted  by  Suidas. 
Might  not  Aristophanes  possibly  have  wrote?  IXXos 
7€7«'T7juai  IIPOSAPAK12N  6  5'  ou5e7ra>.  Conversis  ad  eum 
intente  oculis,  Strabus  factus  Sum :  Ille  vero  nusquam  adhuc 


APPENDIX   C  269 

apparet.  7rpo<r5epxe<r0€i  you  know  is  a  very  emphatic  Verb, 
&  I  need  not  incumber  you  with  Proofs  of  its  Usage  in  this 
Signification,  particularly  with  the  Dramatic  Writers  —  And 
now  I  am  in  for  It  expect  to  be  plagued  with  a  little  more 
Greek. 

The  Pleasure  you  say,  my  Explanation  of  Suidas  gave  you, 
about  Sophocles  declaiming  for  a  Chorus  to  be  granted  to 
some  of  Thespis  &  Choerilus's  Pieces,  invites  me  to  trouble 
you  with  another  Attempt  I  have  made  upon  that  Author  in 
which  I  think,  I  can  both  correct  &  explain  him.  I  wish  my 
Emendation  were  upon  a  more  decent  Subject ;  but  where 
the  cause  of  Learning  is  concerned  &  Modesty  preserved 
as  far  as  may  be,  I  hope,  we  need  not  stand  on  Niceties  — 
<I>ANH2  kv  TOLS  opfaxots  elfftjvexOrj  6  (fravrjs,  aldolov  ?xw  raping 
IHTHN  —  What  a  drole  Figure  have  we  here  represented 
to  us  in  the  Statue  of  a  Deity,  Penem  habentis  JUXTA 
NATES!  Methinks  considering  how  near  Neighbours  these 
Parts  are  in  their  Situation,  there  is  nothing  particular 
enough  in  such  an  Image,  y*  it  should  deserve  to  stand 
recorded  on  that  Account.  I  do  not  much  admire,  that 
this  Passage  escaped  the  Suspicion  of  the  learned  Keuster 
in  so  long  a  Task  as  republishing  this  whole  Lexicon : 
opere  in  longo  fas  est  obrepere  somnum :  but  I  am  surprized 
that  Dr  Bentley  should  let  it  slip  without  Notice ;  who,  in 
his  Epistle  to  Dr  Mill,  has  been  so  copious  in  speaking  of 
Phanes,  Metis  &  Ericepaios.  But  before  I  proceed  to  my 
Emendation,  let  us  examine  by  the  way  who  this  Deity 
called  Phanes  was ;  &  we  shall  find  him  to  be  Apollo  or  the 
Sun.  <t>avcuos  6  AiroXKw,  says  Hesichius.  And  Macrobius 
in  his  Saturnal.  line  1.  c  17;  Pleriq;  autem  a  specie  et 
nitore  Phoebum :  i.e.  Kadapov  \wxpbv  dictum  putant ;  item 
Phaneta  appellant,  CLTTO  TOV  Qaivew;  et  <J>avaiov,  eireidr)  <J>aiv€Tai 
veos.  Again  the  same  Deity  who  in  some  places  was  called 
Phanes  was  also  called  Priapus,  Orpheus,  or  Onomacritus, 
in  his  hymns. 


270 


APPENDIX   C 


$aos  ayvov, 


Kara 
ov  at  $A'NHTA 


H  6e  nPI'HHON 


And  by  the  Egyptians,  Orus.  Suidas,  in  rpiaTros  —  TO  aya\fj.a 

TOV      TTplCLTTOV,      TOV      QpOV      Trap'      AtyvTTTlOlS      K€K\f]  {JL€VOV   ...... 

TCLVTOV  KCLI  Tqoe  HAI12  fo^afoiw.  But  let  us  see  how  the 
Lexicographer  describes  to  us  the  Statue  of  this  Priapus, 
or  Egyptian  Orus:  kv  T$  det-iq.  aKfJTrrpov  Karkxov  axravei  nap' 
avrov  evT€TaiJL€vov,  5iOTL  TO,  K€Kpvfj,fJi€va  ev  Ty  yfl  (TTTcp/^aTa  <f>avepa. 
KaJdiffTTjcrL.  Which  the  Latin  Translator  of  Chartarius, 
De  Imaginibus  Deorum,  has  thus  rendered.  Dextra 
Sceptrum  continebat,  perinde  ac  Dominus  omnium 
esset,  quae  hie  oriuntur  :  SINISTRA  autem  P  U- 
D  E  N  D  A  tenebat  nam  gemmalis  Virtus  ab  eo  proficisci 
credebatur  —  Ger.  Vossius  has  commented  thus  upon 
this  passage.  De  Idolotria  I.2.C.7.  Ex  quo  loco  eadem 
cognoscimus,  cur  Priapus,  hoc  est  H  O  R  U  S  sive  sos, 
manu  una  Sceptrum,  A  S  T  E  R  A  rubentem  ilium  ac  peda- 
lem  teneat  FASCINUM:  Nempe  Priori  significatur 
Solis  Imperium  ac  Potestas  in  Orbem  universam.  Alter  o 
autem  notatur  vis  Solis  generativa,  quae  quia  fit  longe 
maxima;  eo  commodissime  visa  est  denotari  membri 
magnitudine.  Now,  here  is  not  the  least  Notice  of  this 
Orus,  Penem  JUXTA  NATES  habente,  sed  ilium 
MANU  tenente.  From  these  authorities  therefore,  I 
think,  I  shall  be  sufficiently  warranted  to  correct  Suidas 
thus  in  ff>avrjs  —  eiayvexOil  o  (f>avr}s,  aiboiov  ex^v  irapa  rt\v 
Scil. 


In  Pugno  (sive  in  manu  constricta)  virilia 
tenens.  And  again  where  he  says  in  the  third  article  of  the 
Word  nPIAII02  —  et%e  5e  TO  AIAOION  eTrd^co  ets  rt]v  irvyriv; 
(which  Keuster  renders  habebat  autem  Penem  erectum, 
&  AEmilius  Portus,  habebat  autem  Pudendam  Superne 


APPENDIX   C  271 

JUXTA    NATES)    surely  we    must  read   IHTMHN, 
tenebat  autem  virilia  Sursum  in  Manu.     For  I  confess  I 
am  at  a  loss  to  understand  the  other  Expression  in  the 
Greek.     Plutarch  I  remember,  in  his  Discourse  concerning 
Isis  &  Osiris,  speaking  of  this  Statue  of  Orus  which  was  set 
up  at  Coptos  in  Egypt,  describes  the  figure  as  not  handling 
its  own  Nudities,  but  as  holding  in  its  hand  exsecta  Typhonis 
virilia.  —  But  Suidas  ever  copied  the  author  before  him. 
I  am,  Dearest  Sr 
Yor  most  affectionate  &  obliged 

Friend,  &  humble  Servant 
Wyans  Court  Lew  :  Theobald 

25  Apr.  1730. 


Dear  Sr. 

I  thank  you  most  heartily  for  the  Letter  I  reced  by  Yes 
terday's  Post.  The  Emendations  in  it  are  as  certain,  as 
they  are  accurate  &  ingenious  —  Herewith  attends  you 
the  volume  of  Shakespeare's  Poems;  &  my  poor  Attempt 
in  Manuscript.  I  am  afraid  the  Obliterations  in  the  5th 
Act  will  give  you  some  little  Trouble  in  the  Reading;  but 
I  hope,  you  will  be  able  to  make  them  out.  Pray,  Dr.  Sr., 
be  not  tender  or  partial  in  yr.  Censure.  I  cannot  judge 
properly  for  myself ;  but  should  be  very  sorry  to  hear  when 
tis  too  late  to  correct,  that  Something  is  Extravagant, 
This  passage  puerile  &  That  ridiculous;  &c.  Tis  in  ye 
power  of  yr  Friendship  to  secure  me  from  these  Fears ;  & 
the  free  Exercise  of  that  Power  will  much  encrease  the 
obligations  of 

Dearest  Sr. 

Yr  most  affectionate  Friend 
Wyan's  Court.  &  humble  servant 

Tuesd.  12  May  1730  Lew  :  Theobald. 


272 

Dear  Sr. 

Inclosed  I  return  yor  Tryal  of  Col.  Charteris,5  &  the 
Play  of  Pericles,  weh  you  were  so  kind  to  say,  tho'  bad  you 
would  take  the  Trouble  of  reading  over  wth.  a  strict  Eye; 
&  I  am 

Sr. 

Yr.  most  affectionate  &  oblig'd 

Friend  &  humble  serv*. 

Wensday  morn8  Lew.  Theobald. 

20  May  1730. 


Dear  Sr. 

I  am  vastly  concerned  y*.  I  have  been  so  unfortunate  to 
miss  the  pleasure  of  yr.  Company  no  less  than  three  times 
lately,  when  you  did  me  the  Favour  of  a  Calling.  For  fear 
of  the  like  Unhappiness  on  my  Side,  pray  be  so  kind  to 
appoint  when  it  best  sorts  wth.  yor.  Leisure  to  give  me 
an  Hour,  &  I  will  take  care  to  reserve  Myself  from  all  trifling 
Avocations :  being  most  sincerely, 

Dear  Sr. 

Yr.    most   affectionate   & 
obliged  Friend  &  humble 
Wyan's  Court.  Serv.* 

25  May  1730.  Lew.  Theobald. 

I  am  indebted  for  yor  accurate  Animadversions  on  Orestes ; 
but  I'm  afraid  you  have  been  sparing  to  its  Faults,  And 
touched  them  wth.  the  Pencil  of  a  Friend. 

6  Francis  Charteris  (1675-1732),  a  noted  rake  and  guilty  of  every 
sin  in  the  decalogue,  started  his  career  as  a  soldier,  but  after  being 
expelled  from  the  army  again  and  again,  turned  to  gambling,  by  which 
he  made  an  immense  fortune.  He  was  considered  a  symbol  of  vice 
and  as  such  figures  in  Pope's  poems  and  Hogarth's  Progress  of  a  Rake. 
His  trial  for  rape  in  1730,  to  which  the  above  title  refers,  attracted  much 
attention.  He  and  Shakespeare  are  incongruous  company. 


APPENDIX  C  273 

6  Dear  Sr. 

Fancying  the  repeated  Showers  Yesterday  would  indulge 
our  Town  wth  one  day  more  of  yor  Company,  I  call'd  at 
Squire's,  &  found  my  Suspicions  confirmed :  and  meant  to 
have  taken  a  second  Leave,  had  I  been  happy  enough  to 
have  found  you  at  home.  Meeting  with  the  Volume, 
wch  attends  this,  ready  bound,  I  take  the  Freedom  to  send 
it,  &  beg  you'll  take  an  absolute  Freedom  of  censuring  its 
Weaknesses,  in  our  ensueing  Correspondence.  All  good 
Wishes  most  sincerely  wait  you, 

from 

Dearest  Sr. 

Yr.  most  affectionate  &  obliged 
Friend  &  humble  Serv*. 

Lew:  Theobald. 
Wyan's  Court 
Thursd.  11  June,  1730. 


6  Dear  Sr. 

I  received  the  pleasure  of  yours  on  Monday  last  which 
I  designed  to  have  answerd  my  self  this  night  but  that  my 
blindness  has  led  me  into  the  worst  Mischance  that  ever 
befell  me  for  walking  apace  on  tuesday  night  I  did  not  see 
a  set  of  railes  sow  tumbling  over  them  with  force  broke  my 
wright  arme  and  am  now  confined  to  my  bed  where  I  am 
afraid  I  must  do  Penance  for  at  least  a  week  longer.  I 
thank  God  I  have  as  yet  scaped  any  symptoms  of  a  fever 
and  live  low  in  order  to  prevent  one.  I  can  only  now  beg 
the  favour  that  you  will  continue  to  throw  your  Eye  over 
Shakespeare  Restored,  and  mark  freely  all  that  appeares 
any  thing  amiss  to  you.  You  will  be  so  good  to  let  me 

6  This  letter  is  in  another's  handwriting. 


274  APPENDIX   C 

conclude  now  because  I  am  forced  to  trouble  a  female 

hand  to  subscribe  myself, 

Dear  Sr. 

Your  most  affectionate 
friend  and  obliged  Humble 
Servant. 

Wyans  Court 

July  ye  2.1730  L.  Theobald. 


7  Dear  Sr. 

I  received  the  favour  of  yours  of  the  7th  Instant,  and 
should  not  have  troubled  you  with  another  Epistle  by 
proxy,  but  that  I  have  your  Commands  to  let  you  know 
the  progress  of  my  Recovery.  I  thank  you  for  your  kind 
cautions  against  lying  a-bed  and  low  Living ;  but  I  confined 
myself  to  the  first  but  three  days,  &  have  since  that  time 
been  allow'd  a  temperate  Refreshment  of  wine.  The  most 
unlucky  Circumstance  that  has  attended  this  Accident, 
is,  that  the  next  day  I  was  sent  for  by  Lady  Delawarr, 
who  had  that  morning  seen  Mr.  Tonson.  What  was  the 
Substance  of  their  Conference  I  yet  know  not,  for  the  next 
day  my  Lady  took  flight  into  the  Country  for  the  Summer : 
but  I  have  directions  where  to  write  to  her,  and  in  a  short 
time  shall  be  able  to  inform  you  what  Measures  I  am  to 
take.  My  Confinement  at  home  gives  me  no  Opportunity 
of  entertaining  you  with  any  news  either  from  the  great 
world,  or  the  World  of  Letters.  I  have  only  to  tell  you 
that  the  Grubstreet  continues  to  make  a  devil  of  our  frind 
Moore.8  They  have  placed  him  in  too  Ridiculous  a  light  by 

7  This  letter  is  in  another's  handwriting. 

8  James  Moore-Smythe   (1702-34),   a  member  of  the   "Concanen 
Club,"  is  best  known  by  his  Rival  Modes,  to  which  Theobald  furnished 


APPENDIX  C  275 

inditing  a  whole  Letter  to  him  from  Worm-powder  More, 
who  calls  him-self  his  Uncle,  &  requires  him  as  a  mad-man 
to  put  himself  under  his  care ;  &  cautions  him  against  fall 
ing  under  the  hands  of  a  Graduate  Physitian,  who  wants 
the  Management  of  him.  They  besides  renew  the  charge 
of  Cowardice  so  strongly  against  him,  that,  I  confess,  I 
should  chuse  to  have  two  broken  arms  rather  than  be  so 
stigmatized  in  print ;  but  no  more  of  him  in  present :  if 
I  have  not  tired  you,  I  am  sure  I  have  my  scribe,  so  will 
at  once  dismiss  her  by  subscribing  myself 

Dearest  Sr. 

Your  most  affectionate 

Wyans  Court  Friend  &  Obliged  Humble 

14  July  1730.  Servant 

L.  Theobald. 

P.S.  You  will  perceive,  dear  Sr.  the  above  letter  was  writ 
a  full  week  ago ;  but  by  negligence,  or  forgetfulness,  of  my 
family  was  omitted  to  be  put  in  the  post  House.  I  hope 
my  arme  continues  to  mend  gradually. 


Dear  Sr. 

I  received  the  pleasure  of  yours  of  ye  19th  of  last  Month ; 
wch  was  a  great  Satisfation,  because  from  your  Silence,  Both 
Mr.  Concanen  &  I  fear'd  you  might  be  ill.  I  deferred  ac 
knowledging  the  Receipt  of  this  Favour  till  now;  because 
I  was  resolv'd  to  attempt  my  Answer  propria  manu.  But 
you'll  easily  observe,  Dear  Sr.,  from  my  characters,  that  I 

a  prologue.  Pope  has  satirized  him  in  the  Bathos,  The  Dundad,  The 
Grub-street  Journal,  and  the  later  version  of  the  Epistle  to  Dr.  Arbuthnot. 
John  Moore  was  a  well  known  apothecary  in  his  day,  who  because 
of  some  notoriety  gained  by  a  particular  kind  of  worm  powder,  elic 
ited  Pope's  poem  "To  Mr.  John  Moore,  Author  of  the  Celebrated 
Worm-powder." 


276 


APPENDIX   C 


have  yet  neither  a  command  of  my  Strokes,  nor 
of  a  ready  Writer. 

I  am  very  glad  to  find,  y*  Shakespeare  Restored  is  in  your 
Judgment  neither  full  of  gross  faults,  nor  yet  of  many  venial 
slips.  And  I  the  rather  flatter  myself,  that  you  have  not 
been  partial  in  this  Opinion,  because  if  either  had  been  the 
case,  It  scarce  would  have  escaped  the  Attacks  of  my  Sneer 
ing  Antagonist.- 

I  beg  to  be  resolv'd  by  your  next,  whether  one  of  yours 
has  not  miscarried !  The  Reason  of  my  doubt  is  this ;  your 
Last  beginning  abruptly  wth.  the  Word  Appendix  wthout 
any  preceding  Address  as  usual;  &  the  Last  before  That 
wch  I  received  from  you  upon  the  Subject  of  my  Book  bears 
Date  above  ten  weeks  ago.  As  Reading  has  been  a  great 
Part  of  the  Amusement  in  my  Power  during  my  Confine 
ment  at  home  I  have  run  thro'  all  Aristophanes  &  his  Scho 
liast  ;  upon  which  I  shall  take  the  Liberty  to  trouble  you 
wth.  some  Remarks  in  proper  Time.  Our  Town  is  so  very 
empty,  that  I  am  quite  destitute  of  my  small  circle  of 
Friends;  so  cannot  pretend  to  entertain  You  wth.  any 
News;  only  that  the  World  of  Pleasure,  I  am  afraid,  are 
likely  to  lose  Mre.  Oldfield :  for  she  lies  extreamly  ill  of  an 
inveterate  Ulcer  in  Matrice:  Upon  wch  a  polite  Clergyman 
with  us  observ'd  in  a  circle  of  Ladies,  that  she  was  punish'd 
in  that  Part,  wth  wch  she  had  so  greatly  offended  God  & 
Mankind.  But  my  Hand  now  calls  upon  me  to  favour  its 
Weakness :  as  my  Inclination  does  to  subscribe  myself 
Dearest  Sr. 

Yor.  most  Affectionate  & 
obliged  Humble  serv*. 

Wyan's  Court  Lew.  Theobald. 

3d  Septr.  1730. 


APPENDIX   C  277 

DearSr.     . 

I  hope  I  shall  yet  have  so  much  Credit  with  you  that  you 
will  beleive,  tho'  I  had  not  yesterday  reced  the  Pleasure 
of  yours,  I  was  fully  determin'd  this  Evening  to  salute  you 
by  letter :  &  I  am  convinced  presently  you  will  believe  me. 

You  may,  perhaps,  imagine  from  my  late  Silence,  that  I 
really  took  yr.  last  kind  Letter,  as  you  there  hinted,  for 
the  rudest  I  ever  received ;  but  I  assure  you  by  my  Honesty 
(if  I  have  any)  I  prize  it  as  a  most  cordial  Testimony  of  a 
Friendship,  that  shall  ever  be  dear  to  me ;  &  tho'  for  reasons 
yet  unknown  to  You,  I  have  seemed  to  slumber  over  Grat 
itude,  &  postpon'd  my  Acknowledments  till  now;  yet  I 
dare  assure  You,  yor.  Counsel  has  not  lost  its  Effects. 

Whelm'd  as  I  have  been  with  Distresses  (enough  to  sink 
One  of  my  obstinate  Phlegm)  yet  at  yr  Instigation  I  have 
rous'd  &  exerted  [myself]  against  the  strongest  Attacks  of 
Calamity.  The  Call  of  Reputation  so  justly  urged  by  my 
Dearest  Friend,  started  me  from  my  Lethargy,  &  you'll 
begin  to  think  I  have  been  awake,  when  I  have  done  Myself 
the  Pleasure  to  let  you  know,  I  have  at  last  fix'd  the  Pro 
teus.  No  longer  ago  than  Thursday,  Tonson  &  I  exchang'd 
Articles  for  the  Publication  of  Shakespeare.  Till  I  could 
bring  this  agreeable  Point  to  bear,  I  was  determin'd  to  be 
silent ;  &  do  me  the  Justice  in  yor  kind  Thoughts  to  believe, 
that  neither  awkward  Disgust,  Disregard,  nor  Indolence, 
have  kept  me  dumb :  but  only  the  strong  Desire  of  opening 
my  Correspondance  wth.  this  important  Piece  of  good 
news :  upon  wch  I  know,  I  shall  have  your  heartiest  Con 
gratulations.  As  to  the  Booksellers,  Dear  Sr.,  who  once 
made  some  Overtures  to  me,  you  hinted  that  they  com- 
plain'd  I  had  not  dealt  so  honourably  wth.  them:  I  fancy, 
you  will  be  satisfied  I  can  turn  the  Tables  upon  them,  when 
I  tell  you,  Tonson  has  acceded  to  double  the  Terms  they 
offer'd  me:  I  was  by  their  Contract  to  have  had  the  la- 


278 


APPENDIX   C 


bouring  Oar  upon  Me,  to  have  been  entitled  only  to  a  first 
Payment,  &  they  to  have  reced  the  Second :  I  have  now 
closed  my  Agreement  to  have  the  Work  published  in  6  Vol8. 
in  8V0.,  to  have  400  copies,  compleat  in  Sheets,  deliver'd 
me  on  a  Fine  Genoa  paper,  free  from  all  Expence  whatever ; 
&  100  copies  more  on  Fine  Royal  Paper,  I  only  paying  for 
the  paper :  so  that  if  I  can  have  my  Compliment  of  Sub 
scriptions,  the  small  paper  will  bring  me  in  800  guineas; 
&  the  Books  in  Royal  300  more :  besides  wch.  I  have  reserved 
the  Liberty  of  prefixing  a  Dedication  to  each  Volume.  — 
And  so  much  for  that  Affair. 

As  to  Milton,  Dear  Sr.,  Dr.  Bently  is  so  far  from  having 
laid  aside  the  Thoughts  of  it,  that  the  whole  Paradise  Lost 
is  work'd  off,  &  the  Book  will  be  published  before  Christmas. 
I  own,  I  venerate  him  so  far  as  a  Classical  Critic,  that  I 
am  sorry  he  has  now  dabbled  in  a  Province,  where  even  the 
Ladies  are  prepar'd  to  laugh  at,  &  confute  him. 

I  am  much  oblig'd  to  your  Friend  Mr.  Taylor,9  for  his 
kind  Intentions  of  having  subscrib'd  to  my  Remarks.  I 
don't  know,  whether  the  alteration  in  my  scheme,  may  not 
occasion  an  Alteration  in  his  Intentions :  therefore  I  wait 
yr.  Commands  on  that  Head. 

I  thank  you,  Dearest  Sr.  for  yor  Conjectures  last 
communicated,  but  indeed  I  have  not  yet  had  tune  to 
weigh  them  sufficiently.  In  Return,  I'll  send  you  an  Emen 
dation  I  made  but  the  other  Night,  upon  a  Passage  wch.  I 
am  sure,  you  will  be  surpriz'd  wth  me,  how  it  could  scape 
us  Both.  But  to  see  how  blind  Pleasure  &  prepossession 
may  sometimes  make  one  in  Shakespeare ! 

Merry  Wives and  I  was  like  to  be  apprehended  for 

of  Windr.  p.  282.         the  Witch  of  Brainford,  but  that  my 

9  Robert  Taylor  (1710-62),  physician  and  member  of  the  Royal 
Society,  was  educated  under  Warburton  at  Newark.  His  Harveian 
lecture,  1755,  was  highly  valued  abroad. 


APPENDIX   C  279 

admirable  Dexterity  of  Wit,  my  counterfeiting  the 
Action  of  AN  OLD  Woman  deliver'd  me,  the  Knave 
Constable  had  set  me  i'  th'  Stocks  &c. 

Sure  this  Reading  is  no  great  Complement  to  the  Sagacity 
of  our  .  .  .  10  etic  Editors.  What!  was  it  any  Dexterity 

of  Wit  in  Sr.  Jn.  Falst to  counterfeit  the  action  of  an 

old  Woman,  in  Order  to  escape  being  apprehended  for  a 
Witch?  Surely,  one  would  imagine,  this  was  the  readiest 
means  to  bring  him  into  such  a  Scrape :  for  None  but  old 
Women  have  ever  been  suspected  of  being  Witches.  If  I 
am  not  strangely  deceiv'd,  Shakespeare  wrote  and  meant 
—  my  counterfeiting  the  action  of  A  WOOD  Woman  &c., 
i.e.  a  crazy,  frantick,  delirious  Woman;  one  too  wild  & 
silly,  &  unmeaning  to  have  either  the  Malice,  or  Mischievous 
Subtlety  of  a  Witch  in  her.  Perhaps  the  Pronunciation  & 
Writing  of  Shakespeare's  Times,  or  his  County,  might  call 
&  spell  this  Word,  a  WOLD  or  WOULD  woman;  &  that 
might  facilitate  the  corruption  to  OLD.  And  now  my 
Dearest  Friend,  permit  me  to  live  in  hopes  of  hearing  a 
fresh  from  you,  as  well  as  to  confess  myself  inviolably 

Yr.  most  obliged  &  affectionate  humble 

Serv*. 

Wyan's  Court  Lew  Theobald. 

30  Octor.  1731. 


Dear  Sr. 

I  have  reced  the  pleasure  of  yours,  wch.  comes  fraught 
wth.  Kindness  even  beyond  my  own  Prepossessions;  And 
it  is  no  small  comfort  to  me  to  find,  that  if  Extremity  be 
the  Text  of  Friendship,  as  it  has  ever  been  reckon' d,  I  have 

10  MS.  is  torn. 


280 


APPENDIX   C 


one  sincere  &  cordial  Friend  left  me  in  my  Extremity.  I 
think  the  present  Period  of  my  Life  may  truely  fall  under 
that  Denomination ;  for  however  the  Affair,  wch.  I  am  now 
bringing  to  bear,  may  in  time  retrieve  me  from  Necessities ; 
yet  at  present,  when  I  should  set  down  with  a  Mind  &  Head 
at  ease  &  disembarrass' d,  the  Severity  of  a  rich  Creditor 
(&  therefore  the  more  unmercifull)  has  strip'd  me  so  bare, 
that  I  never  was  acquainted  with  such  Wants,  since  I  knew 
the  Use  of  Money.  But  when  I  am  labouring  at  so  much 
Philosophy  in  practice,  as  to  persuade  myself  not  to  feel 
Adversity ;  I  am  angry  with  myself  for  giving  my  Friend  a 
part  of  that  Pain  wch  I  am  professing  to  get  rid  off  in  my 
Bosom.  It  convinces  me  (tho'  I  wanted  not  the  Proof), 
that  I  am  in  no  degree  the  Philosopher.  —  Sed  ad  alia  quae- 
dam  dulciora. 

I  have  great  Satisfaction  in  the  News  you  tell  me,  that 
you  have  a  fresh  Fund  of  Entertainment  for  Me  upon  6 
of  our  Author's  Tragedies :  &  I  shall  live  in  a  sweet  Expec 
tation  of  their  Arrival.  Tonson  has  sent  me  in  a  Shakes 
peare  interleaved;  &  I  am  now  extracting  such  notes  & 
Emendations,  as  upon  the  Maturest  Deliberation,  I  am 
certain  will  stand  the  Test.  For  the  Censures,  that  may 
succeed,  make  me  reflect  in  Time,  that  I  had  much  better 
smother  uncertain  Suspicions  than  appear  too  boldly  peremp 
tory.  There  are  some  Passages  in  wch.  I  shall  be  obliged  to 
retract  my  own  Emendations;  &  even  where  they  have 
met  with  your  Concurrence.  For  instance ;  — 
Love's  Labr.  lost.  p.  301 

A  wife,  a  beard,  fair  health  &  honesty ; 

With  threefold  Love  I  wish  you  all  these  Three 

It  seem'd  to  me,  you  may  remember,  that  She  wish'd  him 
here  four  things,  &  therefore  I  was  for  changing  Health  into 
Youth,  &  putting  it  into  parenthesis,  as  if  She  call'd  her 


APPENDIX   C  281 

Lover  so.  —  This  Change  you  were  pleas'd  to  approve : 
&  I  own,  it  struck  me  with  a  present  conviction  of  its  being 
certain.  But  Upon  a  more  accurate  Collation  wch  I  have 
since  made  of  our  Author  wth  the  first  folio  Edition,  I  am 
persuaded  Nothing  must  be  alter'd  but  the  Pointing,  & 
That  upon  the  Authority  of  the  old  Book,  thus  — 

A  Wife!  a  Beard,  fair  health  &  honesty ; 

i.e.  as  we  say  :  —  A  Wife !  —  Marry  come  up,  such  a  Stripling 
as  you  shall  come  a  wooing  indeed!  No,  no;  I'll  first  wish 
you  a  Beard  &c.  —  But  I  am  to  thank  my  Friend  Pope's 
singular  Inaccuracy,  for  many  an  Increase  of  our  Labour  of 
this  sort.  I'll  now  submit  to  yor  Judgement  a  slight  sus 
picion  upon  a  Passage  of  Meas.  for  Meas.  p.  335. 

Claud.    Now,  Sister  what's  the  Comfort  ? 

Isab.  Why  as  all  Comforts  are:  most  good  INDEED! 
This  Reply  at  present  conveys  no  satisfactory  Idea  to  me; 
nor  is  so  significant  an  Answer  as  I  should  expect  from 
Isabella  to  a  Brother  under  his  Circumstances.  She  is 
grave  &  in  earnest ;  &  as  she  knows  his  Doom  is  arbitrarily 
fix'd,  she  would  at  once  wean  him  from  all  flattering  Ex 
pectations,  &  would  have  him  look  upon  the  Completion 
of  his  Fate  as  a  solid  Comfort.  I  suspect,  the  Poet  meant ; 
Why,  as  all  Comforts  are ;  most  good  IN  DEED ;  I  don't 
bring  you  any  airy  Comfort,  built  only  on  fallacious  Hope ; 
but  a  Comfort  solidly  such,  as  all  Comforts  must  be  deem'd, 
when  they  are  put  in  Execution ;  when  we  receive  the  actual 
Benefit  of  them.  I  think,  I  conceive  a  little  more  from  this 
Reading;  but  I  shall  wait  yr.  Thoughts  upon  it,  before  I 
make  it  standard.  A  propos,  a  Word,  by  the  by,  on  Measure 
for  Measure.  Tis  certain  the  Foundation  of  this  Story  is 
from  Cynthio  Geraldi's  Hecatomuthi ;  but  I  find  the  Stage 
had  likewise  borrow'd  the  Fable  before  our  Author's  Time, 
under  different  Characters ;  &  I  have  by  me  the  old  Play  in 


282 


APPENDIX   C 


two  Parts,  printed  in  the  black  Letter,  in  1578,  calPd,  The 
right  Excellent  &  famous  History  of  Promos  &  Cassandra, 
divided  into  two  Comical  Discourses;  in  the  first  part 
whereof  is  shewn  the  unsuff  erable  Abuse  of  a  lewd  Magistrate 
&  the  virtuous  Behaviours  of  a  chast  Lady :  And  in  the 
second  part  is  discovered,  The  perfect  Magnanimity  of  a 
noble  King,  in  checking  Vice  &  favouring  Virtue :  wherin 
is  shewn  the  Ruine  &  Overthrow  of  dishonest  Practices; 
with  the  Advancement  of  upright  Dealing.  So  much  for 
the  Title :  for  the  play  itself,  execrably  bad  as  it  is,  I  am 
confident  that  our  Author  had  consulted  it;  &  it  adds  if 
possible,  to  my  Admiration  of  the  Man,  to  have  such  a 
Testimony,  how  finely  he  could  improve  upon  a  Predecessor, 
without  the  modern  Advantages  of  Stealing. 

I  cannot  remember  whether  I  ever  have  communicated 
to  you  a  Discovery  that  I  have  made  with  regard  to  the 
Merry  Wives  of  Windsor.    Mr.  Pope  speaks  of  an  Old  4° 
Edition  of  this  play  printed  in  1619 ;  &  of  a  tradition  of  it's 
being   written   by   Queen   Elizabeth's    Command.     But   a 
play  printed  17  years  after  her  Death  gives  this  Tradition 
but  a  very  poor  Authority.     I  can  now  support  it  a  great 
Deal  better;  for  I  have  by  me  another  Edition,  printed  in 
1602,  in  the  Title  of  which  we  are  told  it  had  been  diverse 
times  acted  by  the  right  honourable  the  Ld.  Chamberlain's 
Servants,  Both  before  her  Majesty  &  elsewhere.    Whether 
it  was  wrote  by  the  Queen's  Command,  or  no,  is  not  very 
material;   however,  we  derive  some  Light  as  to  the  Time 
of  the  Poet's  Writing  it;   for  as  Harry  the  Fourth,  I  can 
prove,  was  not  earlier  in  its  Date  yn.   1599  n  (from  wch 
the  Publick  had  their  first  acquaintance  wth  Sr.  John  Fal- 

II  Later  Theobald  must  have  found  reason  to  doubt  his  proofs,  for 
in  his  edition,  vol.  3,  p.  349,  he  says  the  drama  "had  been  play'd,  and 
was  well  known"  before  1599.     Furthermore  he  does  not  mention 
Henry  IV  in  dating  the  Merry  Wives. 


APPENDIX  C  283 

staffe)  this  reduces  the  Intervall  betwixt  That  &  the  first 
Sketch  of  the  Merry  Wives  to  about  two  Seasons. 

As  to  the  Loci  desperati,  I'll  take  Notice  of  them  as  I  go 
along,  &  reduce  them  into  a  List  for  your  Enquiry. 

I  should  be  very  glad,  Dear  Sr.,  if  you  can  give  me  any 
Account  of  Platonius  the  Grammarian,  whose  fragment 
upon  the  3  Sorts  of  Greek  Comedy  is  prefixed  to  Aristo 
phanes.  I  expected  to  have  had  some  Information  from 
Fabricius  in  his  Bibliothaeca  Graeca,  but  am  disappointed ; 
&  Photius  I  have  not. 

I  cannot  conclude  the  present  Trouble  I  give  You,  without 
desiring  my  Respects  &  Thanks  to  your  ingenious  Pupill 
Mr.  Taylor ;  for  whom  I  have  underwritten  a  subscription- 
Receipt  for  Shakespeare;  &  believe  me,  Dearest  Sr.,  with 
the  most  inviolable  Attachment 

Yor  ever  obliged  &  affectionate 

humble  Serv*. 

Wyan's  Court  Lew  Theobald. 

12   —  ovM731 


My  Dear  Friend, 

I  reced  by  your  Last  (N°  III)  of  ye  22d.  of  Novr ;  your 
kind  Assurances  wth.  Regard  to  my  Preface;  the  Contents 
of  wch.  I  am  Endeavouring  to  modell  in  my  Head,  in  Order 
to  communicate  them  to  you,  for  your  Directions  &  Refine 
ment.  I  have  already  rough-hewn  the  Exordium  &  Con 
clusion  ;  the  Latter  of  wch.  I  now  send  you  a  Transcript  of, 
to  shew  you  how  methodical  I  am ;  &  by  my  Next,  I  shall 
submit  the  Opening  to  yor.  Perusal.  I  beg  earnestly, 
Dear  Sr.,  you  will  not  be  tender  of  altering,  everywhere; 
(except  in  my  Acknowledgmts  to  my  Friends)  I  would  have 

12  MS.  is  torn. 


284 


APPENDIX   C 


the  Whole  both  amuse  &  strike.  What  I  shall  send  you 
from  Time  to  Time,  I  look  upon  only  as  Materials :  wch  I 
hope  may  grow  into  a  fine  Building,  under  your  judicious 
Management.  In  short,  Dirue,  aedifica,  muta  quadrata 
rotundis,  &c. 

[Having  now  run  thro'  all  these  Points,  wch  I  intended 
should  make  any  Part  of  this  Dissertation,  it  only  remaines 
that  I  should  account  to  the  Publick,  but  more  particularly 
to  my  Subscribers,  why  they  have  waited  so  long  for  this 
Work;  that  I  should  make  my  Acknowledgments  to  those 
Friends  who  have  been  generous  Assistants  to  me  in  the 
Conducting  it :  &  lastly,  that  I  should  acquaint  my  Readers 
what  Pains  I  have  Myself  taken  to  make  the  Work  as 
compleat,  as  faithfull  Industry  &  my  best  Abilities  could 
render  it. 

In  the  Middle  of  the  Year  1728,  I  first  put  out  my  proposals 
for  publishing  only  Emendations  &  Remarks  on  our  Poet : 
And  I  had  not  gone  on  many  Months  in  this  Scheme  before 
I  found  it  to  be  the  unanimous  Wish  of  Those  who,  did  me 
the  Honour  of  their  Subscriptions,  that  I  would  likewise 
give  them  the  Poet's  Text  corrected ;  &  that  I  would  sub 
join  those  Explanatory  Remarks,  wch  I  had  purposed  to 
publish  upon  the  Foot  of  my  first  Proposals.  Earnest  Sol 
icitations  were  made  to  Me,  that  I  would  think  of  such  an 
Edition,  wch.  I  had  as  strong  Desires  to  listen  to  :  and  some 
Noble  Persons  then,  whom  I  had  no  Priviledge  to  name,  were 
pleas' d  to  interest  themselves  so  far  in  the  Affair,  as  to 
propose  to  Mr.  Tonson  his  undertaking  an  Impression  of 
Shakespeare  with  my  Corrections.  I  must  do  him  the 
Justice  to  declare,  that  He  with  great  Readiness  came  into 
a  Treaty  with  me  for  this  Work;  But  having  just  then 
glutted  the  Trade  with  a  large  Edition  by  Mr.  Pope  in 
Twelves,  he  frankly  told  me,  he  could  not  with  any  Face 
or  Conscience,  pretend  to  throw  out  another  Impression, 


APPENDIX   C  285 

before  those  Books  were  a  little  dispersed  &  vended :  And 
so  Time  was  unavoidably  lost:  While  the  Publication  of 
my  Remarks  was  thus  respited,  my  Enemies  took  an  un 
fair  Occasion  to  suggest,  that  I  was  extorting  Money  from 
my  Subscribers  without  ever  designing  to  give  Them  any 
thing  for  it :  An  Insinuation  levell'd  at  once  to  wound  me 
in  Reputation  &  Interest.  Conscious,  however,  of  my  own 
just  Intentions,  &  labouring  all  the  while  to  bring  my  wish'd 
purpose  to  bear,  I  thought  these  anonymous  Slanderers 
worthy  of  no  Notice.  A  Justification  of  Myself  would 
have  been  giving  them  Argument  for  fresh  Abuse :  &  I 
was  willing  to  believe,  that  any  unkind  Opinions,  enter- 
tain'd  to  my  Prejudice,  would  naturally  drop  &  lose  their 
Force,  when  the  Publick  should  once  be  convinc'd  that  I 
was  in  Earnest,  &  ready  to  do  them  Justice.  I  left  no  Means 
untry'd  to  put  it  in  my  Power  to  do  This ;  &,  I  hope  without 
Breach  of  Modesty,  I  may  venture  to  appeal  to  all  candid 
Judges,  whether  I  have  not  employed  all  my  Power  to  be 
just  to  them  in  the  Execution  of  my  Task. 

I  come  now  to  speak  of  those  kind  Assistances,  wch.  I 
have  met  with  from  particular  Friends,  towards  forwarding 
&  compleating  this  Work.  Soon  after  my  Design  was 
known,  I  had  the  honour  of  an  Invitation  to  Cambridge; 
&  a  generous  Promise  from  the  Learned  &  ingenious  Dr. 
Thirlby  of  Jesus-Colledge  there,  who  had  taken  great  pains 
wth  my  Author,  that  I  should  have  the  Liberty  of  collating 
his  copy  of  Shakespeare,  mark'd  thro'  in  the  Margin  with 
his  own  Mss.  References,  &  accurate  Observations.  He 
not  only  made  good  this  promise,  but  favoured  me  with  a 
Sett  of  Emendations,  interspersed  &  distinguish'd  in  his 
Name,  thro'  the  Edition :  &  which  can  need  no  Recommen 
dation  here  to  the  judicious  Reader. 

The  next  Assistance  I  received  was  from  my  ingenious 
Friend  Hawley  Bishop  Esqr.  whose  great  Powers  &  Exten- 


286 


APPENDIX   C 


sive  Learning  are  as  well  known  as  his  uncommon  Modesty, 
to  all  who  have  the  Hapiness  of  his  Acquaintance.  This 
gentleman  was  so  generous,  at  the  Expence  both  of  his 
Pocket  &  Time,  to  run  thro'  all  Shakespeare  with  me.  We 
join'd  Business  &  Entertainment  together;  &  at  every  of 
our  Meetings,  wch  were  constantly  once  a  Week,13  we  read 
over  a  Play,  &  came  mutually  prepared  to  communicate 
our  Conjectures  upon  it  to  each  other.  The  Pleasure  of 
these  Appointments,  I  think  I  may  say,  richly  compensated 
for  the  Labour  in  our  own  Thoughts ;  &  I  may  venture  to 
affirm,  in  the  behalf  of  my  Assistant,  that  our  Author  has 
derived  no  little  Improvement  from  Them. 

To  these  I  must  add  the  indefatigable  Zeal  &  Industry  of 
my  most  ingenuous  &  ever-respected  Friend,  the  Revd. 
Mr.  Warburton  of  Newarke-upon-Trent.  This  Gentleman 
from  the  Motives  of  his  frank  &  communicative  Disposi 
tion,  voluntarily  became  a  Labourer  in  the  Vineyard :  not 
only  read  over  the  whole  Author  for  Me  with  the  exactest 
care ;  but  entered  into  a  long  &  laborious  Epistolary  Corres- 
pondance,  to  which  I  owe  no  small  part  of  my  best  Criticisms 
upon  my  Author.  The  Number  of  Passages  amended,  & 
admirably  explained,  wch.  I  have  taken  care  to  distinguish 
with  his  Name,  will  shew  a  Fineness  of  Spirit,  &  Extent  of 
Reading,  beyond  all  the  Commendations  I  can  give  them. 
Nor,  indeed,  would  I  any  further  be  thought  to  commend  a 
Friend,  than,  in  so  doing,  to  give  a  Testimony  of  my  own 
Gratitude.  How  great  a  Share  soever  of  my  praise,  I  must 
lose  from  myself,  in  confessing  these  Assistances ;  &  how 
ever  my  own  poor  Conjectures  may  be  weakened  by  the 
Comparison  wth  theirs ;  I  am  very  well  content  to  sacrifice 
my  Vanity  to  the  Pride  of  being  so  assisted,  &  the  Pleasure 
of  being  just  to  their  Merits. 

I  beg  Leave  to  observe  to  my  Readers  in  one  Word  here, 

18  These  meetings  were  held  by  the  so-called  Concanen  Club. 


APPENDIX   C  287 

that  from  the  Confession  of  these  successive  Aids,  &  the 
Manner  in  wch  I  deriv'd  them,  it  appears,  I  have  pretty 
well  filPd  up  the  Interval,  betwixt  my  first  Proposals  &  my 
Publication,  wth  having  my  Author  always  in  View  &  at 
Heart. 

Some  Hints  I  have  the  Honour  to  owe  to  the  Information 
of  Dr.  Mead,  &  the  late  Dr.  Friend :  Others  the  Kindness 
of  the  ingenious  Martin  Folkes  Esqr,  who  likewise  furnish'd 
me  with  the  first  folio  Edition  of  Shakespeare,  at  a  Time 
when  I  could  not  meet  with  it  among  the  Booksellers :  as 
my  Friend  Thomas  Coxeter  Esqr.  did  wth.  several  of  the  old 
Quarto  single  Plays,  wch  I  then  had  not  in  my  own  Collec 
tion.  Some  few  Observations  I  likewise  Owe  to  the  Favour 
of  Anonymous  Persons :  for  all  Which  I  most  gladly  render 
my  Acknowledgments. 

As  to  what  regards  myself  singly,  if  the  Edition  do  not 
speak  for  the  Pains  I  have  taken  about  it,  it  will  be  very 
vain  to  plead  my  own  Labour  &  Diligence.  Besides  a  faith- 
full  Collation  of  all  the  printed  Copies,  wch.  I  have  exhibited 
in  my  Catalogue  of  Editions,  let  it  suffice  to  say,  that  to 
clear  up  several  Errors  in  the  Historical 14  .  .  .  Plays,  I  pur 
posely  read  over  Hall  &  Holingshead's  Chronicles  in  the 
Reigns  o  .  .  .  n'd;  all  the  Novells  in  Italian  from  which 
our  Author  had  borrowed  any  ...  his  Plots :  such  parts  of 
Plutarch,  from  wch  he  had  derived  any  parts  of  his  G  ... 
Story;  &  above  800  old  English  Plays,  to  ascertain  the 
obsolete  &  uncommon  .  .  .  him :  not  to  mention  some  Labour 
&  Pains  unpleasantly  spent  in  the  dry  task  of  ...  Etymo 
logical  Glossaries. 

But  as  no  labour  of  mine  can  be  equivalent  to  the  dear  & 
ardent  Love  I  bear  for  Shakespeare,  so  if  the  Publick  shall 
be  pleased  to  allow  that  he  owes  Anything  to  my  Willing 
ness^  Endeavours  of  restoring  him,  I  shall  reckon  the  Part 

"  MS.  is  torn. 


288  APPEND] 

of  my  Life,  so  engaged,  to  have  been  very  happily  em- 
ploy'd :  &  put  Myself  with  great  submission,  to  be  try'd 
by  my  Country  in  the  Affair. 

Finis. 

Forgive  me,  my  dearest  Friend,  that  I  have  inserted  whal 
relates  to  yrself,  &  believe  that  I  had  certainly  declined 
it,  only  that  I  am  determin'd  to  submit  the  Whole  to  you. 

Because  no  paper  shall  be  lost,  I'll  trouble  you,  Dear  Sr., 
with  a  second  Thought  upon  this  Passage  of  Hamlet,  of 
wch  you  have  given  me  an  Emendation. 

p.  292.     Nature  is  Fine  in  Love  &  where  'tis  Fine  &c. 

You  conjecture  Falne.  But  I  have  ruminated  the  Sentiment 
over  pretty  much  in  Head,  &  let  us  see  whether  the  Text 
may  not  be  explain'd,  as  it  stood.  I  conceive  that  this 
might  be  the  Poet's  Meaning.  —  In  the  Passion  of  Love 
Nature  becomes  more  exquisite  of  Sensation,  is  more  sub 
limed  &  refined;  &  where  'tis  so  refined  &c.  If  I  mistake 
not  our  Poet  has  play'd  with  this  Thought  twice  or  thrice  in 
some  other  of  his  Plays.  The  Clown  in  As  You  like  It. 
Act.  2.  See.  4.  seems  to  glance  at  this  Refinment,  but 
interprets  it  a  sort  of  Frantickness.  "We  that  are  true 
Lovers  run  into  strange  Capers,  but  as  all  is  Mortal  in 
Nature,  so  is  all  Nature  in  Love  mortal  in  Folly." 

But  lago  in  Othello  Ac.  2.  Sc.  7.  delivers  himself  much 
more  directly  to  the  Purpose  of  the  Sentiment  here  before 
us.  —  "as  they  say,  base  Men,  being  in  Love  have  then  a 
Nobility  in  their  Natures  more  than  is  native  to  them. 

And  Cressida  in  Troilus  Ac.  4.  Sc.  6.  I  think,  expresses 
herself  concerning  Grief  exactly  as  Laertes  does  here  of 
Nature 

"The  Grief  is  Fine,  full,  perfect  that  I  taste; 

"And  in  its  Sense  is  no  less  strong,  than  That 

"  Which  causeth  it. 


APPENDIX   C  289 

If  upon  Weighing  these  Passages,  you  shall  determine  wth 
Me  that  the  Text  may  stand,  I  believe  it  will  not  be  im 
proper  to  refute  Mr.  Pope's  silly  Conjecture,  &  explain  the 
Poet  by  these  Quotations. 

I   am,   with   the   truest   Respect,   Dearest   Sr., 
Yr.  most  affectionate  Friend,  &  obliged 
humble  Servant 
Wyan's  Court 
4  Decr.  1731.  Lew.  Theobald. 


My  dear  Friend, 

Since  my  last  to  you,  I  have  had  the  pleasure  of  3  of 
yours,  (No  IV,  V,  &  VI)  to  parts  of  wch.  when  I  have  en 
deavoured  to  reply  in  This,  I  will  account  to  you  for  some 
portion  of  my  present  Engagements. 

I  am  sorry  the  Impertinence  of  the  Understrappers  of 
the  Post-office  should  prompt  them  to  make  my  Franks 
ineffectual;  but  so  soon  as  my  good  Friend  Lord  Orrery 
comes  from  Bath,  I'll  try  if  they  dare  dispute  his  Signature ; 
&  if  they  should,  I'll  not  fail  the  Opportunity  of  having  a 
Touch  at  them  in  Requital. 

As  to  what  you  mention  of  taking  off  the  Prejudices 
on  Account  of  the  Avocations,  wch.  your  Friendship  has  lent 
me  from  your  Profession,  I  join  wth  you  in  the  Reasonableness 
of  it :  and  will  take  due  care  to  justify  you  ag*.  the  possible 
Inconveniency.  What  I  intend  on  this  Head  shall  be  sub 
mitted  to  yor  View,  as  well  as  the  other  Contents  of  the  Pref 
ace.  For  the  same  Reason,  that  such  a  palliating  Caution 
is  to  be  observ'd,  the  phrase  wch.  I  had  inadvertently  used 
of  your  becoming  a  Labourer  in  the  Vineyard,  must  as  indis- 
pensibly  be  chang'd. 

I  make  no  Question  of  my  being  wrong  in  the  disjointed  Parts 
of  my  Preface,  but  my  Intention  was,  (after  I  had  given 


290 


APPENDIX 


you  the  Conclusion,  &  the  Manner  in  wch.  I  meant  to  start) 
to  give  you  a  List  of  all  the  other  general  Heads  designed  to 
be  handled,  then  to  transmit  to  you,  at  proper  Leisure,  my 
rough  Working  off  of  each  respective  Head,  that  you  might 
have  the  Trouble  only  of  refining  &  embellishing  wth :  ad 
ditional  Inrichments  :  of  the  general  Arrangement,  wch.  you 
should  think  best  for  the  whole;  &  of  making  the  proper 
Transitions  from  Subject  to  Subject,  wch.  I  account  no  in 
considerable  Beauty.  If  you  think  right  to  indulge  me  in 
this  Scheme,  my  next  shall  be  employ'd  in  Prosecution  of  it. 

I  will  not  fail  to  press  all  the  physical  Quaery's  wch :  you 
have  directed  me,  with  an  Encrease,  upon  Dr.  Mead;  & 
some  Answer,  upon  the  Strength  of  his  written  Promise,  I 
will  extort.  He  may  easily  parcell  them  out  to  his  Disciples, 
(to  save  his  own  Pains  or  Credit),  &  so  give  me  their  Solu 
tions  in  his  own  Name.  They  will  embrace  the  Task  as  a 
Complement  from  him ;  &  either  Way  answers  my  Purpose. 

The  Occasional  Insertion  of  a  few  Emendations  from 
some  Greek  Authors,  I  certainly  think  may  be  of  signal 
service  to  my  Reputation ;  if  you  think  they  may  safely  be 
interspersed  without  Suspicion  of  Pedantry.  I  would  not 
voluntarily  draw  that  Ridicule  upon  me  from  the  Sneerers. 
You  are  anxious,  Dear  Sr.,  for  every  Part  of  my  Character ; 
but  do  not  let  me,  like  a  Fondling,  be  dress'd  up  in  too  glaring 
Colours.  To  be  a  little  diffident,  will  secure  me  from  much 
Envy  &  Detraction. 

To  the  Critical  parts  of  your  Epistles,  I  reply  no  farther 
in  present,  than  in  my  Thanks.  It  will  not  displease  you, 
I  know,  to  hear  that  Mr.  Tonson,  since  our  Agreement, 
behaves  with  great  Candour,  &  professions  of  sincere  Service. 
He  tells  me,  Expectations  are  greatly  reviv'd  from  the  pub- 
lick's  being  informed  I  am  now  in  Earnest ;  that  the  Eyes 
of  the  Whole  Town  are  upon  my  Work ;  &  that  he  does  not 
doubt  but  I  shall  find  a  good  Account  in  my  Subscription, 


APPENDIX   C  291 

as  well  as  considerable  Assistance  of  Conjectures,  &c  from 
many  Lovers  of  our  Author. 

Now  a  little  to  my  late  premised  Engagements.  In  order 
to  make  Domestic  affairs  run  as  smoothly  as  may  be,  till  I 
can  bring  this  greater  Affair  to  a  Crisis,  I  have  apply'd 
my  uneasie  Summer  Months  upon  the  Attempt  of  a  Tragedy. 
Sit  verbo  venia!  I  have  a  Design  upon  the  Ladies  Eyes, 
as  the  Passage  to  their  Pockets :  if  the  Town  be  not  too  de- 
prav'd,  for  any  Remaines  of  Sensation ;  &  as  I  shall  not  in 
This  enter  upon  Any  Part  of  the  Preface,  I'll  indulge  myself, 
in  submitting  a  Pair  of  Soliloquies  to  you,  as  a  Taste  of  my 
poor  Workmanship.  I  lay  my  Scene  in  Italy.  My  Heroine 
is  a  young  Widow  Dut chess,  who  has  two  haughty  Spanish 
Brothers,  y*.  enjoin  her  not  to  marry  again.  She,  however, 
clandestinely  marries  the  Master  of  her  Household  on  the 
Morning  I  open  my  Scene;  &  in  the  3d.  Act,  I  shew  her 
expecting  her  Bridegroom's  private  approach  to  her.  So 
much,  by  way  of  Argument. 

Scene  changes  to  the  Dutchess's  Bed-chamber.  A  Bed 
seen  &  a  Table  wth.  Papers.  The  Dutchess  sitting  undrest. 

Dutch : 

How  tedious  is  Suspence,  that  makes  one  Hour 
Move  slow  &  heavy  as  a  Winter's  Night, 
When  Nights  are  longest !  —  I  have  strove,  in  vain, 
By  Reading  to  beguile  the  Lazy  Time :  . 
But  my  unsteady  Eye,  &  roving  Mind, 
Like  two  impatient  restive  Travellers, 
Tho'  bent  the  same  Way  get  the  Start  by  Turns ; 
And  will  not  keep  each  Other  Company  — 
I  know  not  what  I  read  —  What  hideous  Noise  ? 
It  may  be,  'twas  the  melancholy  Bird, 
(The  Friend  of  Silence  &  of  Solitude,) 
The  Owl,  that  schream'd :  or,  was  it  Fancy's  Coinage?  — 


292 


APPENDIX   C 


When  once  the  Soul's  disturbed,  each  little  Thing 
Starts  &  alarms.  —  The  Court's  not  yet  at  Rest, 
Or  He  would  come  —  My  Breast  is  like  a  House 
With  many  Servants  throng'd,  unruly  All, 
And  All  employed  on  Tasks  of  diff'ring  Natures. 
Doubts,  Perturbations,  Thoughts  of  Self-Conviction 
Uncertain  Wishes,  &  unquiet  Longings, 
Debate  the  Strife  within.  —  I've  heard  it  said, 
Love,  mix't  with  Fear  is  sweetest.     I'm  perhaps 
Too  much  a  Coward,  &  That  spoils  my  Relish. 

The  Next,  Dear  Sr :,  is  in  the  4th  Act.  Her  Match  is  dis- 
cover'd ;  Her  Husband  oblig'd  to  fly,  One  of  her  tyrannous 
Brothers,  a  Duke,  employs  an  Agent  to  strangle  her;  and 
after  the  Order  given,  I  produce  him  in  the  conflict  betwixt 
Conscience  &  Remorse. 


Enter  Duke  Ferdinand 
Ferd: 

O  sacred  Innocence !  that  sweetly  sleeps 
On  Turtles  Feathers,  whilst  guilty  Conscience 
Makes  all  our  Slumbers  worse  than  feavrish  Dreams, 
When  only  Monstrous  Forms  disturb  the  Brain. 
Tis  a  black  Register,  wherein  is  writ 
All  our  good  Deeds  &  bad :  a  Perspective 
That  shews  us  Hell,  more  horrid  than  Divines, 
Or  Poets,  know  to  paint  it.  —  Hark,  what  Noise? 
The  Screams  of  Women,  ever  &  anon, 
Ring  thro'  my  Ears,  shrill  as  the  Sabine  cries, 
When  Rome's  bold  Sons  rush'd  on  their  frighted  Virgins. 
A  thousand  fancied  Horrors  shake  my  Soul, 
E'er  since  I  dictated  this  Deed  of  Slaughter.  — 
There  is  no  written  Evidence  to  proclaim 
My  order,  &  must  coward  Apprehension 


APPENDIX   C  293 

Give  it  a  Tongue?  —  The  Element  of  Water 

Drops  from  the  Clouds,  &  sinks  into  the  Earth : 

But  Blood  flies  upward,  &  bedews  the  Heav'ns.  — 

The  Wolf  shall  find  her  Grave,  &  scrape  it  up, 

Not  to  devour  the  Coarse,  but  to  discover 

The  horrid  Murther.  —  Shall  I  let  her  live? 

What  says  Revenge  to  That?  —  Or  what  says  Nature? 

Resentment  preaches  Treason  still  to  Virtue ; 

And  to  repent  us  of  a  blamefull  Purpose, 

Is  manly  pious  Sorrow.  —  She  shall  live. 

You  see,  my  Dear  Friend,  I  have  feasted  my  own  Vanity 
at  large :  I  wish,  I  may  have  consulted  your  Entertainment 
in  any  Proportion. 

I  must  now  desire  my  Respects  &  Thanks  tendered  to  your 
Friend,  young  Dr.  Taylor.  I  have  sent,  please  to  tell  him, 
a  Rec*.  over  to  Mr.  Botham  at  Cambridge  for  his  small 
Paper;  &  inclos'd  I  send  the  other,  as  directed,  for  the 
Royal.  Mr.  Taylor  not  knowing  the  Tenour  of  my  pro 
posals,  has  sent  up  but  a  Guinea  &  J  for  the  first  payment : 
but  the  Rule  is  2  Guineas  down,  &  so  I  have  worded  the  Re 
ceipt,  to  prevent  confusions  at  the  Delivery  of  the  Books. 
I'll  tell  you  how  I  fancy  the  |  Guinea  may  be  remitted  wth. 
Safety  &  Secrecy,  &  wth.  no  trouble  to  you.  In  the  Sealing 
your  Letter,  place  it  under  a  wet  Wafer,  &  then  put  your 
Wax-Impression  over  it,  &  it  will  be  imperceptible.  I 
have  often  had  this  experimented  here  in  Town. 

I  have  only  now,  Sr.,  to  tender  you  the  good  Wishes 
attending  the  approaching  Season;  &  to  confess  myself, 
My  dearest  Friend 

Yr.  ever  affectionate  &  oblig'd 

humble  Serv*. 

Wyan's  Court  Lew :  Theobald 

18  Dec.  1731. 


294  APPENDIX   C 

My  dear  Friend, 

I  hope  this  will  find  you  entirely  recovered  from  y1  trouble 
some  Indisposition  complain'd  of  in  the  postscript  of  yor. 
last  (No.  viii)  that  I  reced  by  Inclosure  from  ye  Commisser 
of  ye  Post  Office,  together  wth  yours  to  your  Sister  &  Mr. 
Twells's  to  Mr.  Carteret.  These  Remonstrances,  seconded 
by  my  Representation  of  ye  fact  before  them  &  ye  Accident 
of  ye  Doit  being  likewise  intercepted,  have  had  such  an 
Effect,  y*  I  have  not  only  had  my  J  Guinea  restored,  but  ye 
Letter-Carrier  is  dismiss' d  from  his  Business.  It  may  seem 
a  little  strange,  perhaps,  wn  I  tell  you,  that  I  have  placed 
myself  so  far  on  ye  side  of  Mercy,  as  to  solliciting  his  Read- 
mission.  But  my  Reasons  are,  that  Appearances  only  are 
against  him,  &  no  proof  that  he  is  tardy  in  ye  Affair,  however 
ye  Resentment  has  settled  there.  Besides,  he  has  bin  a 
servant  to  the  Office  18  years  without  Intermission,  &  this 
ye  very  first  complaint  levelled  at  him ;  he  is  a  man  in  the 
Decline  of  Life,  has  a  sick  Wife  &  3  Children,  &  this  small 
Branch  of  Profit  was  their  Whole  Bread.  —  If  good  Nature 
is  misemployed  in  this  Task,  I  hope,  these  are  seeming 
Motives  to  excuse  the  Frailty.  And  I  may  add  to  these, 
what  I  am  very  well  convinced  of,  that  the  Plectuntur  Achivi 
of  Horace  is  a  Lemma  not  yet  out  of  Fashion  in  our  publick 
Offices.  There  are  in  all  of  them  a  Sett  of  extravagant 
young  Clerks,  who  live  above  their  Salary,  &  are  liable  to 
casual  Temptations :  And  these,  I  fear,  whenever  a  Blot 
is  hit,  have  Policy  enough  to  shift  the  Blame  off  to  Inferiors. 
I'll  not  venture  to  make  this  Judgment  in  ye  particular  Case 
before  Us ;  but  what  has  been,  May  be ;  ut  vulgo  dicitur. 

I  shall  wholly  suspend  the  Affair  of  Shakespeare  in  This, 
because  other  Matter  offers,  wch  may  not  be  displeasing. 
I  make  no  doubt,  but  Mr.  Pope's  Epistle  of  Taste,  address'd 
to  Ld.  Burlington,  has  long  since  reach'd  you,  &  pass'd 
the  Censure.  Tis  thought  by  some  here,  that  this  piece  has 


APPENDIX  C  295 

not  contributed  much  more  to  ye.  Credit  of  his  Poesie,  than 
of  his  Morals ;  but  this  is  a  Criticism  I  do  not  take  upon  me 
to  meddle  with.  I  mention  it  only,  as  it  has  occasion 'd 
another  Satirical  Poem  by  a  Gentleman  of  our  Faction,  Mr. 
Welsted,  Of  Dullness  &  Scandal.  Now  as  I  am  willing  to 
allow,  that  our  Ware  may  not  have  the  same  Alacrity  in 
Travelling,  and  so  it  may  not  have  reach'd  your  Parts;  I 
design  you  an  Extract  from  it,  from  wch.  you  will  be  able  to 
determine  whether  Mr.  Welsted  has  not  wip'd  out  his  Score 
wth.  Pope  on  the  Topick  of  Slander.  The  Author  at  least 
seems  to  think  so  by  his  Motto's. 

Turno  Tempus  adest,  magno  cum  optaverit  emptum 
Intactum  Pallanta:    Pallas  te  hoc  Vulnere  donat. 

Virg. 

The  two  particular  Topicks  wch.  incense  Mr.  Welsted  to 

animadvert  on  P are  first,  his  having  reduced  a  very 

pretty  Lady,  Sr.  Peter  Vanderput's  Widow,  of  Richmond,  to 
a  moping  Frenzy  wth.  obliging  her  to  read  over  a  second  time 
his  version  of  Homer,  to  make  her  a  Mistress  of  its  Beauties ; 
&  then  his  being  suppos'd  to  abuse  ye  Duke  of  Chandos 
under  ye  Character  of  Timon,  in  his  late  Epistle  on  Taste. 
Thence  he  passes  to  a  tolerably-spreading  Invective  on 
P himself,  wch.  take  in  the  Poet's  own  Words. 

Nor  Innocence  alone  it's  Inj'ry  rues, 
Nor  Beauty  feels  alone  th'  Assassin's  Muse : 
His  Felon-Arts  the  Patriot's  Seats  alarm, 
And  spite  assails  what  Dullness  cannot  harm. 


Inglorious  Rhimer  !  low  licentious  Slave  ! 
Who  blasts  the  Beauteous,  &  belies  the  Brave ; 


296  APPENDIX   C 

In  scurril  Verse  who  robs,  &  dull  Essays, 
Nymphs  of  their  Charms,  &  Heroes  of  their  Praise 
All  Laws  for  Pique,  or  Caprice  will  forego; 
The  Friend  of  Cataline,  &  Tully's  foe  ! 

Oh  !  born  to  blacken  ev'ry  virtuous  Name ; 

To  pass  like  Blightings,  o'er  the  Blooms  of  Fame : 

The  Venom  of  thy  baleful  Quill  to  shed, 

Alike  on  living  Merit,  &  the  Dead  ! 

Sure,  that  fam'd  Machiavil,  what  Time  he  drew 

The  Soul's  dark  Workings  in  the  crooked  Few, 

The  rancour'd  Spirit,  &  malignant  Will, 

By  Instinct  base,  by  Nature  shap'd  to  111, 

An  unborn  Deemon  was  inspired  to  see, 

And  in  his  Rapture  prophesied  of  Thee. 

Ordain'd  a  hated  Name  by  Guilt  to  raise, 
To  bless  with  Libel,  &  to  curse  with  Praise ! 
A  softling  Head  that  spleeny  Whims  devour ; 
With  Will  to  Satire,  but  deny'd  the  Pow'r  ! 
A  Soul  corrupt !  that  hireling  Praise  suborns  ! 
That  hates  for  Genius,  &  for  Virtue  scorns  ! 
A  Coxcomb's  Talents,  with  a  Pedant's  Art ! 
A  Bigot's  Fury  in  an  Atheist's  Heart ! 
Lewd  without  Lust,  &  without  Wit  prophane  ! 
Outragious,  &  afraid  !  contemn'd,  and  vain  ! 

Immur'd,  whilst  young,  in  Convents  hadst  Thou  been, 
*Victoria,  still  with  Rapture  we  had  seen ; 
But  now  our  Wishes  by  the  Fates  are  crost, 
W've  gained  a  Thersite,  &  an  Helen  lost : 
The  envious  Planet  has  deceiv'd  our  Hope, 
W've  lost  a  S*.  Leger,  &  gain'd  a  Pope. 

A  little  Monk  thou  wert  by  Nature  made, 
Wert  fashion'd  for  the  Jesuits  Gossip-Trade  ! 

*  Lady  Van 1  (Theobald's  note). 


APPENDIX   C  297 

A  lean  Church-Pandar,  to  procure,  or  lie  ! 
A  Pimp  at  Altars,  or  in  Courts  a  spy  ! 

The  Verse  that  Blockheads  dawb,  shall  swift  decay 
And  Jervas's  Fame  in  Fustian  fade  away : 
Forgot  the  self -applauding  Strain  shall  be 
Tho'  own'd  by  Walsh,  or  palm'd  on  Wycherley : 
While  Time,  nor  Fate,  this  faithfull  Sketch  erase, 
Which  shews  thy  Mind,  as  Reisbank's  Bust  thy  Face, 

*Yet  Thou  proceed;  impeach  with  steadfast  Hate 
Whatever  is  godlike,  &  whate'er  is  Great : 
Debase  in  low  Burlesque,  the  Song  Divine, 
And  level  David's  deathless  Muse  to  thine. 
Be  Bawdry,  still,  thy  ribald  Canto's  Theme ; 
Traduce  for  Satire,  &  for  Wit  blaspheme. 
Each  chast  Idea  of  thy  Mind  review : 
Make  **Cupid's  squirt,  &  gaping  Tritons  spew  ; 
***  All  Sternhold's  Spirit  in  thy  Verse  restore, 
And  be  what  Bass  &  Heywood  were  before. 

Upon  the  Whole,  sure,  Horace  was  in  the  right  when  he  said 

—  facit  Indignatio  Versum.     And  if  P be  as  sensible  on 

these  Rebukes  as  'tis  said  he  is,  I  wish  (&  don't  let  the  Word 
undergo  the  Torture  of  an  irony)  his  intermitting  Headach 
do  not  turn  to  a  setted  Agony.  I  am,  My  dearest  Friend, 

Yr.  most  affectionate  & 
obliged  humble  Serv*. 

Lew.  Theobald. 
Wyan's  Court 
8Janry.  1731.     [1732] 

*  Pope's  Epist.  p.  14  (Theobald's  note). 
**  Ibid.  p.  10  and  12  (Theobald's  note). 
***  Ibid.  p.  14  (Theobald's  note). 


298 


APPENDIX   C 


DearSr. 

I  reced  ye  pleasure  of  yours  of  ye  15th  Instant,  &  had  an- 
swer'd  it  at  last  Post,  but  for  the  alarm  of  a  suddain  Fire, 
where  I  had  some  Acquaintance  in  the  Neighbourhood. 
Yours  of  ye  14th  of  Janry,  in  answer  to  mine  of  ye  8th  of  that 
Month,  arriv'd  safe :  since  wch.  I  have  intermitted  writing, 
.because  I  would  not  trouble  you  wth.  impertinent  Postage. 
My  Interval  has,  indeed,  been  filPd  up,  but  not  with  the 
Affair  of  my  new  Tragedy.  Matters  have  turn'd  up  so  ill 
with  Mr.  Rich's  Theatre  this  Season,  that  I  have  chosen 
rather  to  weather  the  point  without  bringing  it  on,  than  to 
make  a  Sacrifice  of  it  to  his  ill  Fortune.  I'll  tell  you  how 
much  more  pleasingly  I  have  been  engag'd.  During  those 
Hours  wch  I  could  borrow  from  ye  Transcript  of  our  Notes 
on  Shakespeare,  my  good  Friend  my  Lord  Orrery  has  done 
me  the  Honour  to  put  all  his  Father's  papers  under  my 
Regulation.  The  late  Earl,  you  know,  was  Ambassador 
at  Brussells  during  the  4  last  years  of  Qn.  Anne's  Reign :  in 
wch.  space  he  reced  a  Number  of  Letters  from  Bolingbroke, 
Ormonde,  Marlborough,  Strafford,  Argyll,  Shrewsbury  and 
Bp.  of  London,  all  wch  I  am  transcribing  in  Books  for  my 
Lord.  I  have  great  pleasure  in  Ld.  Bolingbroke's  particu 
larly,  because,  (besides  their  being  extreamly  well  wrote) 
he  never  sends  One  from  his  Office  as  Secry  of  State,  but  he 
seconds  it  with  a  private  One  of  Friendship.  So  y*.  Poli 
ticks  are  finely  reliev'd  wth.  the  Sentiments  of  a  Sprightly 
Genius  upon  more  desirable  Topicks.  I  have  met  Dr. 
Stukeley  more  than  once :  &  will  beg  the  Favour  of  him  to 
transmit  a  few  of  my  Proposals  to  you.  Pope,  as  you'll 
find,  has  lent  me  an  accidental  lift  by  his  Poem  on  Taste :  for 
the  Duke  of  Chandos,  whom  I  never  knew  or  approach'd, 
has  subscrib'd  for  4  Setts  of  my  Shakespeare  on  Royal 
Paper.  I  am  oblig'd  to  the  Partiality  of  yor.  Cambridge 


APPENDIX   C  299 

Friend,  who  would  father  a  Pamphlet  on  me  y*  is  spoken 
well  of.  I  suppose  he  means  the  friendly  letter  from  Oxford, 
wch.  has  given  me  much  Entertainment ; 15  but  I  do  assure 
you  faithfully  I  have  not  dipt  a  Pen  either  to  praise,  or  dis 
pute,  the  Criticisms  on  our  new  Milton.  There  are,  as  you 
judiciously  hint,  many  Reasons  why  I  should  not  at  this 
Crisis  intermeddle  in  such  a  Controversy ;  &  indeed  I  should 
have  made  you  my  confidant  in  it. 

You  want  my  opinion  you  say  on  Dr.  Bentley's  perform 
ance  ;  &  I'll  give  it  you  freely,  but  under  the  Seal  of  Friend 
ship  :  I  had  a  very  great  veneration  for  him  as  a  Classical 
Critick;  &  was  very  much  afraid  of  his  descending  to  the 
Levell  of  Women  &  Children ;  that  is,  of  his  putting  himself 
in  the  Power  of  Coquets  &  Toupets  to  discant  on.  He  has 
not  infrequently,  you  know,  run  riot  on  the  dead  Languages ; 
but  here,  to  use  the  Cibberian  phrase,  he  has  outdone  his 
usual  Outdoings.  He  had  never  certainly  attain'd  the 
serious  Reputation  of  a  Critick,  si  sic  Omnia  dixisset.  I 
hope  he  does  not  write  maliciously  to  turn  the  Art  into  Ridi 
cule  ;  but  as  Rose  says  of  Sir  Martin  Mar-all  Indeed,  he  has  a 
rare  way  of  acting  a  Fool,  &  does  it  so  naturally,  it  can  be 
scarce  distinguish' d.  Sed  eirexco. 

You  say,  dear  Sir,  it  is  a  Book  you  are  not  likely  to  see  in 
haste.  I  don't  know  whether  you  speak  this  as  to  your  want 
of  Desire,  or  Want  of  Opportunity.  If  you  have  a  Curiosity 
of  dipping  into  his  temerarious  Notes  &  can  appoint  me  the 
Method  of  Conveyance,  you  may  be  sure  you  shall  command 
the  Perusal  of  my  Copy,  together  wth.  Dr.  Pearse's  Criticism 
on  Bentley's  4  first  Books,  &  the  Friendly  Letter  from 
Oxford  above  mention'd.  At  present  our  Friend  Concanen 
has  them,  but  he's  a  Man  of  Dispatch. 

16  A  Friendly  Letter  to  Dr.  Bentley.  Occasioned  by  his  New  Edition 
of  Paradise  Lost.  By  a  Gentleman  of  Christ-Church  College  Oxon. 
London,  1732.  [Said  to  be  by  Z.  Pearce.] 


300 


APPENDIX   C 


As  many  violent  Wrestings  of  the  Text  as  the  Dr.  has 
ventur'd  at,  he  has  omitted  one  easy  literal  Emendation,  in 
the  1st  Book,  wch.  I  cannot  but  think  he  ought  to  have  made. 

V's:  756. 

At  Pandaemonium,  the  high  CAPITAL 
Of  Satan  &  his  Peers.  — 

Thus  indeed  all  the  Editions  :  but  it  seems  to  me  y*  it  ought 
to  be  read,  —  the  high  CAPITOL  &c.  The  argument  to 
this  Book  calls  it  expressly  the  Palace  of  Satan,  &  v's.  710, 
713,  722,  762,  792,  all  confine  it  to  a  single  Pile.  There  is 
beside  a  singular  propriety,  methinks,  in  ye  Term  here  as 
the  Infernals  were  to  meet  on  the  great  debate  of  Peace  or 
War :  wch.,  you  know,  was  always  the  Motive  of  the  Romans 
convening  at  ye  capitol.  Again,  celsa  capitolia,  you  must 
remember  is  the  frequent  phrase  of  the  Classics.  And 
Hogaeus  I  am  apt  to  think,  who  has  given  us  a  Latin  Para 
phrase  of  this  Poem,  understood  our  Author  as  I  do :  for  I 
find  he  has  translated  the  passage  —  Inferni  Capitolia.  I 
must  however  take  notice  y*  Book  X.  v.  424.  Pandaemonium 
is  called  city  &  proud  Seat  of  Lucifer.  But  there,  I  think, 
our  Poet  does  not  speak  so  precisely,  but  with  a  Latitude  of 
Expression :  as  in  the  jocular  Song  the  Cobler's  Stall  is  said 
to  be  his  Kitchen  &  Parlour  &  all.  But  forgive  the  low  Al 
lusion. 

I'll  venture  to  submit  2  Passages  more  to  you,  because  I 
know  I  shall  be  safe  from  Ridicule,  tho'  I  should  not  have 
your  Concurr  16  ...  in  Opinion.  B.  1.  282.  —  fall'n  such  a 
pernicious  Height  . .  .  &  B.  vi.  520.  —  Part  incentive  Reed. 
Provide,  pernicious  wi  .  .  .  Touch  to  fire.  —  The  Doctr. 
will  have  this  Epithet  in  both  places  to  be  stark  Nonsense ;  & 
therefore  substitutes  different  Readings  of  his  own.  I  say, 
the  Word  is  one  of  Milton's  Peculiarities;  an  Adoption  of 
16  MS.  is  torn. 


APPENDIX   C  301 

his  own  Coinage ;  that,  it  has  not  its  derivation  from  Pernides 
but  Pernicitas  ;  &  that  He  employs  it  in  those  very  Accepta 
tions,  the  best  Roman  Writers  have  used  their  Pernix.  If 
I  am  mistaken,  I  shall  be  glad  of  your  better  Information. 

You'll  excuse  my  entering  on  a  Subject,  from  wch.  I 
could  furnish  many  Dissertations,  would  they  in  Value 
compensate  for  the  Trouble  they  must  give  you. 

I  am,  Dearest  Sr. 

Your  most  affectionate  &  obliged 
Wyan's  Court.  Friend  &  humble  Servant 

21  Mar.  1731.     [1732]  L:   Theobald. 


Dear  Sir, 

You  may  reasonably  think  me  very  slack  in  acknowledging 
the  Receipt  of  your  two  last  of  ye  27th  of  Mar.  &  5  May :  but 
indeed  I  have  been  so  little  at  my  own  Command  &  so 
closely  attached  to  the  Service  of  my  good  Friend  my  Lord 
Orrery,  that  it  has  greatly  broke  in  upon  my  private 
Correspondances.  Your  former  put  me  in  a  pleasant  Ex 
pectation,  that  a  convenient  Opportunity  should  furnish 
me  wth.  a  Specimen  of  ye  Emendations  on  Paterculus :  & 
my  hopes  of  them  are  not  cool'd  by  this  silent  Intervention. 
When  you  have  presented  the  Publick  wth  That  &  Arnobius, 
We  shall  be  taught  not  to  value  Editions  on  the  Number  of 
their  MSS.  You  are  so  obliging  to  demand  some  blank 
Rects.  &  more  of  my  Proposals;  wch.  I  want  to  know  how 
shall  be  transmitted  to  you :  &  now  I  come  towards  the  Con 
clusion  of  my  Task,  I  find  I  want  my  Letters  on  ye  latter 
Plays  to  compleat  my  Notes,  &  compare  wth  your  answers ; 
wch.  you'll  very  much  oblige  me  in  sending  up  per  Carrier,  & 
then  I  may  by  the  same  conveyance  send  you  down  the 
Recte.  &  Proposals.  Now  my  Lord  Orrery  has  taken  his 


302  APPENDIX  C 

Recess,  I  dare  promise  to  become  a  better  Correspondant ; 
&  for  the  present  I'll  send  you  in  MSS.  a  little  Poem,  y1 1  dare 
say,  has  not  in  print  travelled  so  far  as  your  Parts.  I  am,  my 
dear  Friend, 

Yor.   most   affectionate   &   oblig'd 
Wyan's  Court  humble  serv*. 

20  June,  1732.  Lew.  Theobald 

An  Epistle,  humbly  address'd  to  the  R*.  Honble  John,  Earl 
of  Orrery. 

Agnosco  Procerem. 

Juvenal. 


If  Grief,  or  dear  Respect,  have  made  me  slow 
To  wound  your  Bosom  with  Returns  of  Woe, 
While  I  presume  a  Patron  lost  to  mourn, 
And  pay  due  Tribute  o'er  your  Father's  Urn ; 
If,  conscious  of  my  weak  &  falt'ring  Pow'r, 
I  wish'd  &  waited,  that  the  rolling  Hour 
Some  Genius,  fitter  to  the  Task,  might  raise 
At  once  to  weep  his  Death,  &  sing  his  Praise ; 
Forgive  the  Motives,  Sir,  that  swayed  my  Breast, 
And  choak'd  a  Passion,  labouring  tho'  represt. 

Forgive  me  too,  if,  when  I  backward  trace 
And  view  with  Mem'ry's  Eye  his  ev'ry  Grace, 
I  dare  confess  those  Transports  they  inspired ; 
I  lov'd  with  equal  Pace  as  I  admir'd : 
Lov'd  yet  revered  —  As  Men  on  Beauty  gaze, 
But  find  Desire  chastis'd  by  Virtue's  Blaze ; 
Such  Awe  dwelt  round  him,  it  awak'd  a  Fear ; 
Familiar  Boldness  durst  not  press  too  near ; 
Love  &  Respect  their  stated  Limits  knew, 
Respect  decreas'd  not  as  Affection  grew. 


APPENDIX   C  303 

In  Port  majestick,  &  in  Aspect  clear 
Candid,  tho'  grave ;  reserv'd,  but  not  severe. 
For  Condescention  softening  decent  State, 
Proclaim'd  the  Friendly,  &  preserved  the  Great. 

With  what  a  charm  did  He  his  Thoughts  dispense 
How  temper  the  resistless  Force  of  Sense  ! 
Hold  Wonder  chain'd  with  fresh  Delight  to  hear, 
And  to  attention  tune  the  ravish' d  Ear. 
Strong  Eloquence,  conveyed  with  winning  Art, 
Surpriz'd,  yet  took  Possession  of  the  Heart. 
We  doubted  which  we  felt  in  most  Excess, 
His  Strength  of  Reasoning,  or  his  mild  Address. 

That  Pleasure  is  no  more :  Penurious  Fate 
Lends  few  great  Blessings,  &  contracts  their  Date. 
Heav'n's  choisest  Gifts  to  swift  Discomfort  turn, 
We  scarce  can  tast'  em,  e'er  we're  doom'd  to  mourn. 
Your  Loss,  my  Lord,  the  common  Lot  transcends : 
All  bury  Fathers,  but  all  lose  not  Friends. 
Such  sympathy  of  Soul  with  Him  you  shar'd, 
Your  Thoughts  were  kindred,  as  your  Actions  pair'd 
Congenial  Virtues  in  two  Bosoms  shewn, 
Which  Neither  copied,  each  might  call  his  Own. 
Thence  Comfort  dawns :  that  tho'  of  Him  depriv'd 
I  see  the  Patron  in  the  Son  reviv'd. 

Permit  me,  Sir,  to  turn  my  Eyes  on  You 
And  hope  new  Pleasures  rising  to  my  View, 
Be,  what  your  Father  was ;  &  sweetly  blend 
A  double  Grace,  the  Patron  and  the  Friend  ! 
But  that's  a  private  Wish :  you  must  be  more, 
And  shine  in  all  the  Parts  of  Fame  he  bore : 
The  Abstract  of  your  Race  !  in  Whom  we  find 
The  Statesman,  Soldier,  &  the  Scholar  join'd ; 
Nor  thought  they  so  adorn' d  our  humble  Bays, 
Wreath'd  with  their  Laurells,  stain'd  the  Warrior's  Praise. 


304  APPENDIX   C 

O  for  a  Homer's  Fire,  or  Virgil's  Art, 
To  breathe  the  Wishes  of  my  ardent  Heart ! 
An  Heart  that  glows  with  such  unfeign'd  Desires, 
As  Zeal  oft  prompts,  but  Flatt'ry  ne'er  inspires  ! 
When  that  ignoble  motive  taints  her  Strain 
Punish  the  Muse,  my  Lord,  with  just  Disdain. 

Fir'd  with  your  noble  Ancestor's  Renown 
Born  to  outshine  their  Annals  with  your  Own : 
Rich  in  their  Honours,  &  enlarg'd  of  Soul, 
Come  forth  &  emulate  the  mighty  Roll. 
Come  forth  the  publick  Hope  &  publick  Care ; 
And  answ'ring  ev'ry  Wish,  &  ev'ry  Prayer. 
Firm  to  the  Rules  wch.  Conscious  Virtue  lends ; 
Firm  to  your  Country's  Rights,  &  Honour's  Friends 
Scorning  to  bow  you  to  a  Court's  Controul, 
With  venal  Voice  against  the  Bent  of  Soul. 

Thus  had  I  wish'd  with  Fondness  void  of  Art, 
And  deck'd  you  up  a  Boyle  in  ev'ry  Part ; 
As  if  perhaps  ambitiously,  I  meant 
To  share  those  Glories  I  in  Fancy  lent ; 
But  wishes  come  too  late,  &  lost  their  Aim, 
For  you  prevent  them  &  usurp  your  Fame. 
While  tir'd  Imagination  laggs  behind, 
Lab'ring  to  trace  the  Beauties  of  yr  Mind. 

Virtue  unenvied,  but  divine  Estate  ! 
The  rare,  the  best  companion  of  the  Great ! 
The  Treasure  of  the  Wise,  that  still  expands 
And  swells  beneath  the  glorious  Spendthrift's  hands 
That  when  unwast'd  still  becomes  the  less, 
When  blessing  Others,  does  its  Owner  bless. 
This  Wealth,  my  Lord,  you  hold  in  ample  Store ; 
An  ever-spreading  undiminish'd  Ore  ! 
A  shining  Mass  so  properly  your  Own, 
Inherited,  it  seems  deriv'd  from  None. 


APPENDIX  C  305 

If  on  your  private  Stock  you  e'er  refin'd ; 
Twas  when  to  Boyle  an  Hamilton  you  join'd 
But  if  in  That  some  Avarice  you  shew'd 
You  grew  a  Miser  for  the  publick  Good. 

Long  may  She  live,  &  still,  as  now,  impart 
Joy  to  your  Eyes,  &  Comfort  to  your  Heart ! 
In  such  rare  Union  bounteous  Heav'n  is  proud 
To  mark  its  Fav'rites  from  th'  unworthy  Crowd. 
Still  may  that  bounteous  Heaven  propitious  shed 
Its  choicest  Influence  on  your  Nuptial  Bed  ! 
And  as  the  circling  Years  their  Course  maintain, 
May  each  be  fruitfull,  till  a  blended  Train 
Of  beauteous  Offspring  your  just  Smiles  divide ; 
The  Mother's  Rapture,  &  the  Father's  Pride  ! 

Nor  Thou,  O  Boyle,  disdain  (when  Time  shall  spare 
And  yield  you  vacant  from  the  Patriots  Care :) 
In  soft  Paternal  Pleasures  to  unbend : 
The  tender  Father  &  instructive  Friend : 
While,  pleas'd  the  blooming  Heroes  round  you  shine, 
Patricians  all  in  Virtue,  as  in  Line. 


Dear  F[riend] 

I  reced  the  pleasure  of  yours  of  ye  25th  of  last  instant  & 
likewise  the  small  packet  of  my  remaining  Letters  by  the 
Waggon,  &  will  take  care  by  That,  wch.  sets  out  on  Thursday 
next  from  Wood  Street,  to  send  you  Dr.  Bentley's  Milton, 
some  of  my  Proposals,  6  blank  Recte.  &  one  fill'd  up  for 
the  Earl  of  Tyrconnel.  I  beg  you  will  make  my  Duty  & 
Thanks  acceptable  to  His  Lordsp.  If  He  is  pleas'd  to  in 
sist  that  I  may  not  have  ye  Honour  of  his  Name  in  my  printed 
List,  I  must,  though  with  Reluctance,  give  way  to  his  Com 
mand:  but,  pray,  recommend  to  his  Lordship,  that  Shake- 


306 


APPENDIX    C 


speare  I  apprehend  to  be  of  no  Party :  &  that  I  shall  have 
the  Names  of  many  Persons  of  Quality  very  intimately 
attach'd  to  Mr.  Pope,  &  Advocates  for  all  his  Merit.  I  was 
inform'd  by  one  of  Dr.  Bentley's  Friends,  that  he  was  hard 
&  fast  upon  Homer.  I  am  in  great  Expectations  of  something 
copious  &  elaborate  upon  the  ^Eolick  Digamma,  because 
the  Dr.  held  forth  upon  it  pretty  warmly,  when  I  waited 
upon  him  at  Cambridge.17  I  beg  leave  to  assure  you  that 
I  have  vehement  Longings  after  Paterculus  &  Arnobius 
in  his  turn.  I  thank  you  for  your  observation  of  the  Greek 
Usage  of  the  word  KWOS,  'tis  certain  they  do  employ  it  in 
the  sense  of  absurdus;  but  does  it  ever  wth.  them  signify 
nugax,  for  in  that  Acceptation,  you  know,  our  Shakespeare 
puts  Modern  upon  Us,  in  some  passages. 

I  am  greatly  indebted  for  your  kind  sentiments  of  my  little 
Poem.  My  Lord,  indeed,  as  my  Patron,  made  the  Whole 
set  of  them  Golden  Verses  to  me ;  but  he  in  his  Generosity, 
&  you  in  your  partial  Tenderness,  I  am  sensible  are  both  over 
indulgent  to 

Dear  Sr. 

yor  most   affectionate   Friend 

Wyan's  Court.  &  obliged  humble  servant 

4  July  1732.  Lew.  Theobald 


Dear  Friend 

I  had  designed  you  a  letter  by  this  post  upon  another 
Subject,  but  having  just  received  yours  of  the  26  Inst.  I 
will  postpone  the  intended  Theme,  &  hasten  to  execute  your 

17  Bentley  was  the  first  to  show  that  the  digamma  existed  at  the 
time  when  the  Homeric  poems  were  composed.  It  is  unfortunate 
that  Theobald  has  not  given  us  a  more  detailed  account  of  his  visit 
to  the  man  from  whom  he  learned  his  art. 


APPENDIX   C  307 

Commands  in  the  desired  Transcript  from  Stobaeus.  En 
passant,  I  doubt  not  but  you  well  know  the  following  Pre 
faces  &  Laws  are  likewise  preserved  in  Diod :  Siculus.  li. 
XII  cap  3  &  that  there  are  2  elaborate  Chapters  by 
Bentley  (in  his  Controversy  with  Boyle)  to  prove  both 
Zaleucus  &  Charondas  spurious.  ...  I  have,  you'll  observe, 
Dear  Sir,  not  knowing  what  use  you  were  to  make  of  it,  been 
rather  redundant  in  my  Transcript,  than  you  should  want 
any  part  of  it.  You'll  please  to  let  me  know,  if  the  Version 
of  Gesner  be  of  any  Service  to  you,  or  any  Transcript 
from  Diodorus  Siculus,  or  anything  else,  &  without  the 
least  Scruple  command  the  Pen  of,  Dearest  Sir 

yr  most  affectionate  &  obliged  Friend  &  Servant 

Lew:  Theobald 
Wyans  Court  29  July  1732. 

I  presume  anon  I  shall  enjoy  the  aTroo-wdcr/zaTa  of  your 
Paterculus.  Pray  don't  let  Ld  Tyrconnel  slip  through  our 
Fingers  as  he  has  once  given  his  Promise. 


My  Dear  Friend 

My  very  trifling  Concerns  in  Kent  have  obliged  me 
to  be  for  some  time  a  Wanderer,  or  I  had  much  sooner 
confess'd  the  Favour  of  your  last.  The  Iambics  of  Critias 
you  shall  command  when  Occasion,  translated  in  ye  best 
Manner  that  I  can  give  them  you.  My  Sextus  Empiricus 
is  of  Sylburgius,  but  I'll  take  Care  to  have  the  particular 
Verses  collated  with  Fabricius '  Edition.  I  came  home  with 
Pleasure  designing  to  have  tun'd  a  congratulatory  Muse, 
against  E.  of  Orrery's  Return  from  Ireland;  but  to  my  great 
Concern  that  Theme  is  disappointed,  for  poor  dear  Lady 


308 


APPENDIX   C 


Orrery  is  dead.  If  I  groan  inwardly  for  this  Loss ;  you  will 
be  pleased,  I  am  sure,  to  hear,  that  Shakespeare  is  now 
groaning  under  two  Presses.  As  you  encouraged  me  now  & 
then  to  throw  in  an  occasional  Philological  Note  in  this 
Work:  I'll  submit  one  to  you  in  which  I  have  attempted 
Hesychius.  I  beg,  you  know,  freely  your  Censure  &  would 
by  no  Means  be  thought,  in  a  pedantic  Ostentation  desirous 
to  trouble  any  Readers  with  Criticism  that  may  turn  to  my 
own  Disreputation.  I  therefore  the  more  earnestly  entreat 
yr  impartial  Decision.  I'll  give  you  the  Whole  Note  & 
valeat  quantum  valere  potest. 

Merr.  Wives.  Ac.  I.  Sc.  3.  I  combat  challenge  of  this 
Latin  Bilboe.]  Our  Modern  Editors  have  distinguished  this 
Word  (Latin)  in  Italic  Characters,  as  if  it  was  address'd  to 
Sr  Hugh  &  meant  to  call  him  pedantic  Blade,  on  account  of 
his  being  a  Schoolmaster  &  teaching  Latine.  But  I'll  be 
bold  to  say,  in  this  they  do  not  take  the  Poet's  Conceit. 
Pistol  barely  calls  Sr  Hugh  mountain-Foreigner  on  account 
of  his  interposing  in  the  Dispute :  but  then  immediately 
demands  the  Combat  of  Slender  for  having  charg'd  him  with 
picking  his  Pocket.  The  old  4tos  write  it  Latten  as  it  should 
be  in  the  common  Characters  :  &  as  a  Proof  that  the  Author 
designed  this  should  be  addressed  to  Slender,  Sr  Hugh  does 
not  there  interpose  one  Word  in  the  Quarrel.  But  what 
then  signifies  Latten  Bilboe?  Why,  Pistol  seeing  Slender 
such  a  slim  puny  Wight  would  intimate  that  he  is  as  thin 
as  a  Plate  of  that  compound  Metal  wch  is  called  Latten ;  & 
which  was  as  we  are  told  the  old  Orichalc.  Mons  Dacier 
upon  the  verse  of  Horace  De  Arte  Poetica  —  Tibia  non  ut 
nunc  Orichalco  vincta  etc  —  says,  est  une  espece  de  cuivre 
de  Montagne,  come  son  nom  meme  le  temoigne;  c'est  ce 
que  nous  appellons  aujourd'huy  du  Leton.  It  is  a  sort  of 
mountain  copper  as  its  very  name  imports  &  wc  we  at  this 
day  call  latten.  Scaliger  upon  Festus  had  said  the  same 


APPENDIX   C  309 

thing.     The  Metallists  tell  us  it  is  Copper  mingled  with 
Lapis  Calammaris.  .  .  .  u 

I  am 

dearest  Sir 

Wyan's  Court  Yr  most  affectionate  & 

19  Sept  1732.  humble  Servant 

Lew.  Theobald. 


My  dear  Friend, 

You  are  very  good  in  making  those  allowances  you  mention 
for  my  long  Silence;  &  indeed,  (besides  that  I  have  been 
unwilling  to  trouble  you  with  meer  Postage ;)  true  Friend 
ship,  like  yours,  could  not  but  make  me  those  allowances, 
could  you  know  the  Succession  of  all  those  Fatigues.  I 
confess  freely  to  you,  &  without  affectation,  what  with  my 
own  private  affairs  &  negociations  for  others,  what  with 
the  necessary  Attendances  I  am  obliged  to  give  at  Levees  & 
y*  constant  Attachment  to  wch.  I  am  pinned  down  in  the  Cor 
rection  of  Shakespeare,  my  poor  weak  Head,  as  the  Captain 
says  in  Macbeth,  is  like  a  Cannon  overcharged.  However 
I  had  broke  the  chain  of  Business  sooner  to  confess  the 
Favour  of  yours  wth.  the  little  Bill  at  Top  (wch.  was  properly 
honour'd)  but  y*  I  have  been  so  excessively  ill  as  not  to 
be  able  to  hold  my  Head  down  to  Paper.  Our  great  Town 
has  of  late  been  almost  universally  oppress'd  with  an  ugly 
complicated  Cold,  wch.  has  attacked  me  wth.  all  its  trouble- 
som  Severities  :  but  I  thank  God,  I  have  pretty  well  mastered 
the  Difficulty.  My  Author  goes  on  apace ;  &  I  hope  in  six 
Weeks  the  Presses  will  get  through  the  sev'n  Volumes.  You 
say,  you  are  desirous  to  have  a  sett  of  the  small  Paper : 

18  The  rest  of  the  letter  is  occupied  with  an  emendation  of  Hesychius, 
which  can  be  found  in  Theobald's  edition  of  Shakespeare,  vol.  1,  p.  228. 


310 


APPENDIX   C 


but  don't  imagine,  My  dear  Friend,  you  shall  not  be  as  well 
intitled  to  it,  as  the  Sett  of  Royal.  To  urge  the  Paying  for 
it,  would  be  as  bad  as  to  insist  on  paying  for  your  Wine  at 
a  Friend's  Table.  If  you  have  Luck  with  any  one  Receipt 
I  beg  you  will  be  so  good  to  repay  Yourself  thereout ;  or  I 
will  find  some  Opportunity  to  ballance  ye  Accots.  I  should 
be  glad  to  know,  Dear  Sir,  if  Lord  Tyrconnel  has  conceded 
to  stand  in  the  List :  or  whether  I  must  be  content  with  his 
Money  tacito  nomine.  I  promise  myself  now  shortly  to 
sit  down  upon  ye  fine  Synopsis,  wch.  you  so  modestly  call 
the  Skeleton  of  Preface;  after  wch.  I  shall  be  at  Leisure  to 
give  you  a  cool  Dissertation  on  the  great  pleasure  I  feel  in 
yr.  Commendatory  on  Vellerius  Pater culus.  I  drank 
your  Health  heartily  wth.  our  Friend  Mr.  Attorney-General 19 
before  he  went  for  Jamaica,  &  am  in  great  Impatience  to 
hear  of  his  safe  Arrival.  I  hope  I  shall  succeed  him  in 
Sr.  Wm.  Yonge's  good  Offices,  when  Time  serves ;  Sr.  Robert 
Walpole  has  been  so  good  to  turn  me  over  to  him  as  a  Re 
membrancer  &  Intercessor  for  me  to  his  Favour.  But 
these  Prospects  yet  Qtuv  ev  yovaai  Keirai.  But  to  pass  from 
these  Affairs  to  a  little  better  Entertainment :  a  passage, 
"wch.  was  canvass'd  betwixt  Us,  &  wch.  I  think  I  found  out  the 
Joak  of  but  the  other  day  while  the  Press  waited.  That  I 
may  have  Room  to  give  it  you,  I  will  at  once  confess  Myself 

Dearest  Sir 

Your  most  affectionate 

Wyan's  Court  obliged  Friend  &  Serv*. 

10  Janry.  1732.     [1733]  Lew :  Theobald. 

Love's  Labr :  lost.  p.  294. 

You  will  be  scrap'd  out  of  the  painted  cloth  for  this : 
your  Lion  that  holds  the  Poll-ax  sitting  on  a  Close 
Stool  will  be  given  to  Ajax :  he  will  be  then  the  Ninth 
Worthy. 

19  Concanen. 


APPENDIX  C  311 

I  had  discovered,  you  may  remember,  y*  Alexander's  Arms 
as  one  of  the  Worthies  were  here  alluded  to :  but  upon  Alex 
ander's  being  foil'd  how  the  Jeast  turn'd  upon  giving  his 
Arms  to  Ajax,  I  was  perfectly  at  a  Loss  to  guess :  &  it  was 
your  Opinion  that  no  Joak  was  intended  any  further  than  the 
plain  obvious  Sense.  But  observe  the  word  Closestool,  & 
then  let  us  turn  our  Eyes  on  the  Speaker.  Costard,  the 
Clown,  seems  to  have  a  Conceit  very  much  of  a  Piece  with 
his  Character.  If  so  the  Name  of  Ajax  is  equivocally  used 
by  him,  &  he  must  mean  :  The  Insignia  of  such  a  Conqueror, 
as  the  Curate's  stupid  Representation  exhibited,  ought  to 
be  given  to  A-j  a  x :  i.e.  A  Jakes :  Sit  Verbo  Reverentia ! 
The  same  sort  of  Conundrum  is  used  by  B.  Jonson,  I  know, 
at  the  Close  of  his  Poem,  call'd  The  Famous  Voyage : 

And  I  could  wish  for  their  Eterniz'd  Sakes 
My  Muse  had  plow'd  with  his  that  sung  A-jax. 

I  [was]  to  venture  the  Conjecture,  before  my  Health  would 
permit  me  to  communicate  it;  but  I  hope,20  .  .  .  not 
over-strain'd. 


My  dear  Friend, 

I  should  have  a  thousand  Apologies  to  make,  might  I 
not  persuade  myself,  you  do  not  stand  on  Punctilios  wth. 
me  for  not  answering  so  precisely  in  time,  for  the  Reasons 
pleaded  on  my  Side  in  my  Last :  And  to  those  I  have  for 
some  Time  past  had  the  additional  Fatigue  of  bringing  my 
Tragedy  on,  wch.  is  to  make  its  Appearance  immediately 
after  Easter  Holidays.  I  am  to  make  my  Acknowledg 
ments,  Dear  Sr.,  for  the  little  Bill  by  wch.  I  am  honour'd 
wth.  your  3  Subscribers.  For  One  of  them  you'll  please  to 

20  MS.  is  torn. 


312 


APPENDIX   C 


join,  to  your  own  Thanks,  mine  to  good  Mr.  Taylor, 
drank  your  Health  lately  wth.  Dr.  Stukely,  who  puts  me 
in  Hopes  of  your  coming  to  London  with  him  about  August 
next.  No  News  yet  of  our  dear  Friend  Concanen ;  whose 
safe  Arrival  at  Jamaica  I  am  impatient  to  hear  of.  As 
to  Shakespeare,  I  thank  God,  I  am  now  venturing  to  adver 
tise,  that  it  will  be  ready  to  be  deliver'd  to  the  Subscribers 
by  the  latter  end  of  next  Month.  You  will  find,  I 
have  had  the  good  Luck  to  enrich  my  List  wth  her  Royal 
Highness,  the  Princess  Royal,  &  many  Names  of  the  high 
est  Distinction.  I  had  a  Design  as  I  believe  I  told  you, 
of  prefixing  a  Dedication  to  every  Volume;  but  my  Lord 
Orrery  has  been  beforehand  wth.  me,  &  bespoke  a  part  of 
its  Patronage ;  &  I  think  I  can  do  no  less  than  compliment 
him  wth.  the  Whole,  turn  my  Address  into  an  Epistle  Dedi 
catory,  (more  Drydenians)  &  therein  couch  all  I  have  to 
say  of  my  Author  &  the  Edition.  I  must  tell  you,  while  'tis 
in  my  Memory,  of  a  Mistake  or  two  we  had  like  to  have  run 
into,  wch.  Time  &  Casual  Conversation  have  prevented. 

3  Henry  vi  But  while  he  thought  to  steal  the  single  Ten, 
p.  271.          The  King  was  slily  finger'd  from  the  Deck. 

You  thought  there  wanted  a  Consonance  of  the  Metaphors 
here,  &  advis'd,  Pack.  But  Deck,  it  seems  is  a  county 
Dialect :  &  thus  in  Lancashire,  &  generally  in  the  Northern 
Parts,  it  is  confirmed  to  me  that  they  call  the  Pack  &  Stock 
of  Cards.  So  no  alteration  is  requisite. 

Again  Othello.  The  Food,  that  to  him  now  is  as  luscious  as 
p.  345.  Locusts,  shall  shortly  be  as  bitter  as 
Coloquintida.  You  advis'd  Lohock,  as  a  proper  contrast  to 
Coloquintida.  But  being,  dear  Sir,  in  company  wth.  Dr. 
Beauford,  he  casually  gave  me  the  Fruit  of  the  Locust-tree 
to  taste  of,  wch.  is  most  egregiously  luscious  &  the  very  Tree 


APPENDIX   C  313 

we  have  growing  at  Russell-house  in  our  own  Street.  So 
that  as  Coloquintida  is  the  Fruit  of  a  wild  Gourd  of  bitter 
Taste,  the  Fruit  of  the  Locust  wch.  is  sweet  comes  more  pecu 
liarly  in  contrast.  Will  you  forgive  me  if  I  should  intimate 
an  ignorant  suspicion  ?  Perhaps,  the  Locusts  wch.  (with  Wild 
Honey)  were  S*.  John's  Diet  in  the  Wilderness,  might  be 
the  Fruit  of  this  Tree.  For  tho,  I  know,  in  Arabia  &  many 
other  Oriental  Parts  they  eat  the  Animal  calPd  the  Locust, 
yet  they  eat  it  as  a  compounded  Substance  :  They  dried  it 
thoroughly,  pounded  it  into  a  Bran,  &  then  work'd  it  up  in 
their  Bread:  wch.  could  not  be  our  holy  Hermit's  Case. 


The  next  Observation,  Dear  Sir,  gives  me  Occasion  of 
applauding  your  great  Sagacity  in  a  minute  point,  tho'  it 
happens  there  is  no  Occasion  for  making  Use  of  it. 

Macbeth        2  Murth.     He  needs  not  to  mistrust. 
p.  226. 

You  very  ingeniously  prescribe  —  We  need  not  to  mistrust. 
But  Pope's  Ignorance  had  sophisticated  the  Text.  The  old 
Copies  have  it  —  He  needs  not  Our  Mistrust,  i.e.  the  Mistrust 
of  Us.  wch.  answers  the  purpose  of  your  Correction.  —  Nam 
ing  that  little  Gentleman  gives  me  an  Opportunity  of  telling 
you  he  is  most  handsomely  depicted  in  a  severe  Poem  by 
Lady  Mary  W.  Mountague,21  occasion'd  by  his  late  Imitation 
of  Horace  in  a  Dialogue  betwixt  him  and  his  Learned  Counsel. 
But  now,  to  release  you.  I  am 

Dearest  Sr. 

Yor  ever  affectionate, 
as  obliged  humble  Serv*. 

Lew:  Theobald. 
Wyan's  Court. 
10  Mar.  1732.     [1733] 

21  Verses  addressed  to  an  Imitator  of  Horace,  1733. 


314  APPENDIX   C 

Dear  Sir 

I  have  the  pleasure  of  yours  of  ye  23d  Instant  &  am  to 
account  for  my  late  long  Silence  from  two  Causes :  a  Desire 
not  to  be  superfluous,  in  troubling  you  with  an  idle  Letter ; 
&  a  stronger  Desire  wch.  I  had  of  waiting  till  I  could  inform 
you  of  the  Close  of  Shakespeare.  But  such  has  been  the 
State  of  printing  with  Us  this  last  Season,  y*  with  all  the 
Industry  &  Sollicitation  imaginable  on  my  part,  I  have  not 
yet  been  able  to  bring  it  to  the  wish'd  Period.  However 
the  Comfort  is,  Hamlet  &  Othello  are  All  y*.  want  to  be 
compleated.  The  Source  of  this  slow  Proceeding,  Dear 
Sir,  has  been  this.  The  great  Number  of  our  weekly  Sub 
scriptions,  set  on  Foot  by  Journeymen  Printers  has  caus'd 
such  a  general  Desertion  of  them  from  the  establish'd  Presses, 
&  rendered  them  so  very  peremptory  &  insolent,  that  it  has 
been  half  the  Work  of  the  Printers  to  hawk  out  for  Men; 
so  y*  tho'  I  reced  8  Sheets  per  Week  from  each  Press  at  my 
setting  out,  that  Number  has  been  too  often  reduced  to  Two. 
This  is  a  Fact  so  well  known  with  Us  in  Town,  y  *  as  I  advertised 
y*  compleat  Volumes  might  be  seen  at  my  House,  to  the 
Intent  the  Diffident  might  have  ye  Opportunity  of  convincing 
themselves,  I  hope  my  Subscribers  will  do  me  the  Justice 
to  make  this  Distinction  that  I  am  the  Editor,  &  not  the 
Printer :  so,  at  least  they  will  allow  for  a  Delay  wch.  cannot 
be  thrown  at  my  Door;  &  so,  not  be  too  busie  with  my 
Reputation.  I  cannot  omitt  the  present  Opportunity  of 
acquainting  you  with  the  Motto  I  have  purposed.  My 
Friends  seem  to  reckon  it  a  lucky  One ;  but  I  shall  suspend 
my  own  Opinion,  till  it  has  your  Concurrence.  It  is  This 
Line  from  our  Master  Virgil. 

I,  Decus,  i,  nostrum;   melioribus  utere  Fatis. 
It  will  be  no  bad  Compliment,  I  presume,  to  call  Shakespeare 
the  Glory  of  our  English  Poets ;  nor  no  extra vant  Self-praise, 


APPENDIX  C  315 

I  hope,  to  suppose,  I  am  giving  the  best  Edition  of  him  the 
Publick  has  yet  had.  The  Respects  of  my  little  Family 
wait  you ;  &  believe  me  to  be  most  sincerely 

Dearest  Sir, 

Your  truely  obliged  Friend  & 
faithfull  humble  Servant 

Lew:  Theobald. 
Wyans  Court 
30  June  1733 


My  dear  Friend, 

I  have  reced  the  Pleasure  of  yors  of  ye  21st  Instant, 
&  am  proud  to  hear  my  good  Lord  Orrery  has  so  fair  &  just 
a  Report  from  his  Fellow-Collegiate;  &  no  less  pleas'd,  y* 
you  are  so  well  satisfied  with  my  Motto.  As  to  the  Essays 
on  Man,  I  don't  know  what  to  tell  you  with  certainty.  Many 
of  his  Intimates  have  taken  Pains  to  deny  Pope's  Title  to 
them ;  tho'  I  heard  but  yesterday,  that  ye  3  parts  are  reprint 
ing  &  together  wth  one  more  additional  part,  &  some  new 
Poems,  are  to  be  swell'd  to  2  Volumes  &  make  their  Appear 
ance  in  his  Name  next  Season.  This  Opportunity  just  offers 
(before  ye  Revise  comes  to  me)  to  consult  you  upon  a  Passage 
in  Hamlet,  wch.  never  was  canvass'd  betwixt  us.  p.  310. 

Being  thus  benetted  round  with  Villains, 
E're  I  could  make  a  Prologue  to  my  Brains, 
They  had  begun  the  Play. 

I  had  made  a  Query  in  my  Margin,  but  solv'd  this  odd  Ex 
pression  to  Myself  thus,  "ere  I  could  in  my  Brain,  or 
Thoughts,  frame  a  Prologue  &c."  But  then  what  was  this 


316 


APPENDIX    C 


Prologue  to  be  fram'd  to?  Mr.  Chisselden  the  Surgeon,22 
(whom,  however,  I  have  no  Liberty  to  name),  tells  me  it 
should  be, 

E're  I  could  make  a  Prologue  to  my  Banes, 

i.e.  my  Misfortunes,  the  Dilemma's  I  was  under  —  they 
had  an  actual  Commission  for  his  Death,  before  he  had 
devis'd  any  Expedient  how  to  avoid  the  Danger.  —  I 
shall  be  impatient  of  your  Opinion  upon  it.  I  have  taken  ye 
Liberty  to  dissent  from  a  Correction  of  Yours  in  Antony ; 
but  I  hope,  wth.  such  Reason  as  you'll  be  willing  to  accede 
to.  p.  35. 

I'll  raise  the  preparation  of  a  War, 

Shall  STAIN  your  Brother. 

You  very  justly  observe,  that  it  was  a  very  odd  way  of  satis 
fying  his  Wife,  to  tell  her  he  should  raise  a  Preparation  for 
War,  y*.  should  stain,  i.e.  cast  an  Odium,  on  her  Brother. 
You  therefore  advise,  Shall  STAYE  your  Brother,  i.e.  keep 
him  back  from  invading  Me.  I  read 

Shall  STRAIN  your  brother,  i.e.  put  him  to  all  his  Shifts, 
lay  him  under  such  Constraints,  that  he  shall  not  be  able  to 
injure  me.  For  Plutarch,  expressly  says,  Octavius  was  so 
stagger'd  at  Antony's  preparations,  y*.  he  was  afraid  of  being 
reduced  to  fight  him  y*  Season ;  &  the  Taxes  &  Exactions 
demanded  were  so  severe  &  grievous,  —  (Every  Man 
being  sess'd  in  a  Fourth  of  his  Goods  &  Revenues ;  &  the 
very  Libertines  oblig'd  forthwith  to  raise  an  Eighth  of 
their  Substance)  y*.  all  Italy  murmur'd,  &  grudg'd  their 

22  William  Cheselden  (1688-1752),  one  of  the  greatest  of  British 
surgeons,  because  of  some  remarkable  operations  became  known  to 
many  eminent  persons.  He  was  intimately  acquainted  with  Pope 
and  is  mentioned  in  "Imitations  of  Horace."  This  accounts  for  the 
fact  that  he  did  not  allow  his  name  to  be  mentioned,  and  later  refused 
to  assist  Theobald  in  any  way. 


APPENDIX   C  317 

Contributions  :    &  Octavius  himself  was  full  of  many  Wants, 
&  at  a  loss  how  to  supply  them. 

I  am  my  dear  Friend 

Your  most  affectionate 

Wyan's  Court  &  faithfull  humble  Serv*. 

28  July.  1733.  Lew.  Theobald 

Have  I  leave  for  printing  Ld. 
TyrconnePs  Name  ?  —  And 
Do  you  &  Dr.  Stukely  hold  ye  Intentions 
of  visiting  London  this  next  August  ? 


My  Dear  Friend 

I  have  received  the  Pleasure  of  yours  of  the  9th  Instant  (as 
well  as  the  two  preceding  Ones  occasionally  mentioned) 
&  will  take  the  best  &  speediest  Care  in  obeying  your  Com 
mands  with  regard  to  the  two  Books  you  write  about.  Your 
demanding  back  your  Papers  on  Paterculus  has  refreshed  my 
Pleasure  in  giving  them  a  parting  View :  &  I  am  sure  you 
will  readily  permit  me  to  object  to  a  single  Correction,  or  to 
have  the  Favour  of  being  better  informed  by  you.  Li  II 
Chap.  CIII  —  turn  repulsit  certa  spes  liberorum  parentibus, 
viris  MATRIMONIORUM,  dominis  patrimonii  etc. 
You  would  substitute  MATRONARUM.  I  confess, 
as  yet  I  think  the  Text  genuine,  &  have  always  understood 
it  thus,  that  Parents  might  now  hope  to  enjoy  their  Children, 
in  Safety,  Husbands  to  keep  their  Wives  to  themselves,  & 
Men  to  possess  their  own  Estates.  Matrimonium,  pro  uxore, 
I  think  is  very  frequently  us'd  by  the  Classics.  Luc.  Flor. 
1.  I.  c.I.  itaque  Matrimonia  a  finitimis  petita ;  quia  non 
impetrabantur,  manu  capta  sunt. 

Justin.  L.  3.  C.  3    Virgines  sine  dote  nubere  jussit ;  ut  uxores 
legerentur,    non    pecuniae :    Severiusque    matrimonia,    sua 


318  APPENDIX   C 

viri  coercerent,  cum  nullis  dotis  froenis  tenerentur.  Idem 
li.  3.  c.  5.  Qui  tribus  proeliis  fusos  eo  usque  desperationis 
Spartanos  adduxit,  ut  ad  supplement um  exercitus  servos 
suos  manumitterent,  hisque  interfectorum  matrimonia  pol- 
licerentur,  Idem  li  18.  c.  5.  Harum  igitur  ex  numero  eo 
admodum  Virgines  raptas  Navibus  imponi  Elissa  jubet  ut 
et  juventus  matrimonia,  et  urbs  sobolem  habere  posset. 
And  we  find  both  conjugium  &  connubium  used  in  the  self 
same  acceptation.  Justin  li  43.  c.  3.  Tune  et  vicinis  con- 
nubia  pastorum  dedignantibus,  virgines  Sabinae  rapiuntur. 
Ausonius,  in  Epicedio.  Conjugium  per  lustra  novem,  sine 
crimine,  concors  unum  habui :  gnatos  quatuor  edidimus. 
Virgil  AE.  II.  519  Conjugiumque,  domumque,  patres, 
natosque  videbit.  Idem.  AEn.  III.  295. 
Priamidem  Helenum  Graias  regnare  per  urbes,  conjugio 
Alacidae  Pyrrhi  sceptrisque  potitum.  In  like  manner, 
you  know,  Servitia  is  used  for  servi,  Scelus  for  Scelestus, 
Ergastula  for  servi,  (sic)  Militia  for  Milites,  senatus  for 
Senatores,  juventus  for  juvenes,  conjuratio  for  conjurati, 
clientela  for  clientes  etc  etc  etc.  And  now  as  to  Shakes 
peare,  Dear  Sir,  wch  you  so  kindly  enquire  after.  I  thank 
God,  the  7  Volumes  are  quite  printed  off,  &  nothing  re 
maining  to  do  but  the  dedication,  Preface  &  list.  As  I  am 
obliged  to  defend  literal  criticism  a  little,  a  casual  turning 
over  of  Sir  George  Wheler's  journey  through  Greece,  Con 
stantinople  etc.  gives  me  a  fair  occasion  of  animadverting 
upon  that  Gentleman's  Negligence  or  want  of  Talent  in 
this  point.23  .  .  .  But  I  must  have  fully  tired  you  by  this 
time,  &  ought  at  once  to  release  you  by  confessing  myself, 
Dear  Sir  your  truely  affectionate  &  humble  Servant 

Lew.  Theobald 
Wyan's  Court,  17  Octor.  1733 

23  I  have  omitted  the  emendations  on  the  inscriptions  copied  by 
Wheler,  which  may  be  found  in  the  preface  to  Theobald's  edition  of 
Shakespeare. 


APPENDIX  C  319 


My  Dear  Friend    . 

I  have  just  now  reced  the  pleasure  of  yours  &  am  tempted 
to  reply  to  it  at  a  heat.  It  gives  me  great  Satisfaction, 
y*  you  approve  my  Attempts  upon  the  Greek  Inscriptions. 
Your  Conjectures  upon  the  votive  Table  give  me  fresh 
room  for  Criticisms,  as  your  objections,  perhaps  have  in 
spired  me  to  the  true  Reading.  You  offer  in  the  2nd  Verse, 
ZHNA  XEIPAS  Trpos  TON  &VLOV  eo-erao-as.  But,  I  am  afraid 
this  makes  two  false  quantities  in  our  Pentameter.  The 
1st  may  easily  be  cured  by  reading  Zijv a  \kpas ;  but  rov  com 
ing  before  a  word  beginning  with  a  Vowel,  &  without  an 
Aspirate,  will  be  for  ever  short  in  Scansion.  As  I  have 
struck  out  a  quite  different  Conceit,  I'll  once  more  trouble 
you  with  the  corrupted  Reading  Z^a  Kara  TrpcorON  Slvia-Tiov 
cKTrcrao-as  kirl  Kvaveas  divas  dpopovs.  The  flN  &  ON  seem  a 
Reduplication  of  one  &  the  same  Syllable  from  the  Care 
lessness  of  the  stone  cutter,  or  Sr  George's  transcript ;  but 
then,  how  by  the  same  inaccuracy  should  &vu>v  be  depraved 
into  cono-Tioj'?  I  believe  I  was  too  licentious  in  the  use  of 
kTrerdcras  &  therefore  we'll  now  tie  him  down  to  his  native 
Construction.  I'll  correct  if  you .  approve  it.  Zr/j/a  Kara 
TrpcorflN;  lanov  eKTrcracras  Kvaveals  dLvyaiv  eiridpOfiON. 
The  alteration  now  is  very  minute  &  the  sense  will  be  thus : 
Invocet  aliquis  ventum  secundum  a  puppi, 

Jovem  vero  a 

prima  parte  Navis  (vel,  in  primis,  praecipue)  dum  ex- 
pandat  Velum  accursorium  super  coeruleos  Vortices  etc. 
The  Epidromos,  you  know,  is  the  particular  name  of  a  sail 
at  ye  Prow  of  a  vessel.  Your  other  conjecture,  eiri  waveovs 
Awas  dpofjiovs,  I  think  can  never  stand  at  ye  beginning  of 
an  Hexameter.  Sir  George  Wheeler,  in  his  explanation  of 
this  inscription,  led  me  into  ye  notion  of  the  Cyanean 
Islands.  You  very  dexterously  guess  that  'EvavOri  might 


320  APPENDIX   C 

be  ye  name  of  a  Female ;  but  then  the  nominative  placed 
betwixt  Eo-5e  rbv  and  rov  ad  8eov,  &  then  the  accusatives 
$iXoDi>T'  ayadfiv  divided  from  their  substantive  by  'ArriTrdrpou 
TTCUS  (TTijffe  renders  the  position  very  harsh  &  the  sense  too 
obscured  &  inelegant  for  the  other  parts  of  this  little  poem : 
nor  tho'  evavdij  may  not  be  the  epithet  generally  appro 
priated  to  ye  True  God  by  the  Greek  Christians  because 
applied  to  Idols,  am  I  satisfied,  that  a  poetical  devotee  (& 
perhaps  a  new  convert)  might  not  indulge  himself  in  using 
it.  For  the  sake  of  my  more  illiterate  Readers,  I  have 
attempted  to  put  the  whole  in  an  English  Dress.  A  Servile 
version,  I  presume,  will  not  be  judged  requisite. 

Invoke  who  will  the  Prosprous  Gale  behind, 

Jove  at  the  prow,  while  to  the  guiding  wind 

O'er  the  Blue  Billows  He  the  sail  expands, 

Where  Neptune  with  each  wave  heaps  hills  of  Sands: 

Then  let  him,  when  his  backward  course  he  plows, 

Pay  to  his  Statued  God  unaiding  vows. 

But  to  the  God  of  Gods,  for  Death's  o'erpast, 

For  Safety  rendered  on  the  watry  Waste, 

To  native  Shores  returned,  does  Philo  raise : 

This  Monument  of  Thanks  &  grateful  Praise. 

Some  time  next  month,  Dear  Sir,  Shakespeare  will  make 
his  appearance :  &  then  I  shall  need  a  Vulcanian  Armour 
to  defend  against  repeated  attacks.  But  if  I  have  not  great 
cause  to  blush,  I'll  endeavour  to  make  my  mind  easie,  & 
keep  my  temper  unruffled.  Chisselden  has  lent  me  no 
manner  of  Assistance ;  nor  in  this  have  I  been  disappointed, 
for  I  expected  nothing  from  him.  I  am  extremely  pleased 
that  I  happen  to  be  right  in  my  remark  on  Matrimoniorum: 
if  you  insist  upon  it,  I  will  with  great  pleasure  resurvey  all 
the  other  emendations  &  conjectures.  But  I  am  afraid, 


APPENDIX   C  321 

or  should  be  that  I  pester  you  too  much  with  these  minute 
Semi-Criticales.  But  yr  Fatigue  is  repaid  to  me  in  the 
satisfaction  of  hearing  from  you,  than  which  nothing  can 
afford  greater  pleasure  to 

Dearest  Sir 

yr  ever  obliged  as  faithfull 
Wyan's  Court  humble  Ser* 

25th  October  1733.  Lew.  Theobald 


[To  Mr.  Tonsori] 
Sir.  24 

As  I  have  very  few  days  left  before  I  must  close  my  list, 
I  beg  for  these  next  six  Days,  Shakespeare  may  every  day 
be  advertised  in  Daily  post,  Daily  Journal,  &  Daily  Ad 
vertiser,  &  in  the  Evening  Posts.  (These  infrequent  & 
scattering  Advertisements  Do  me  no  manner  of  service). 

1  have  sent  a  Number  of  my  printed  advertisements  here 
with  for  this  purpose.     The  Compliments  of  the  Season 
attend  you  from  \. 

Sir 

Your  very  humble 
Wyan's  Court  Servant 

2  Janry.  1733.    [1734]  Lew :  Theobald 


My  Dear  Friend, 

I  defer'd  replying  to  the  Favour  of  yours  of  ye  30  Janry 
till  I  could  inform  you  y*.  I  had  sent  down  yor  Books,  wch. 
set  out  wth.  NewbaPs  Waggon  on  Monday  last.  You  will  re 
ceive  2  Parcells ;  in  One,  a  Royal  Paper  Sett  bound,  for 

24  British  Museum,  add.  MSS.  28275,  f.  310. 


322  APPENDIX    C 

Yourself,  &  3  Setts  on  Demy ;  &  in  the  other,  a  Royal  Set 
in  sheets  for  Dr.  Taylor,  &  3  more  Setts  on  Demy.  At 
the  Top  of  this  2d  Parcell  you  will  find  the  Papers  you  fa- 
vour'd  me  wth.  on  Paterculus,  because  you  say  you  want 
them. 

I  had  purposed  now  Shakespeare  is  off  my  Hands,  to 
obey  you  in  considering  them  very  strictly ;  &  if  it  can  be 
worth  &  y*  you  will  take  the  Trouble  to  remitt  a  Copy  of 
them  by  one,  or  two,  in  a  letter,  as  Leisure  &  Paper  will 
extend,  I  will  wth.  the  utmost  Freedom,  to  my  Power, 
give  you  my  impartial  Thoughts  of  each.  A  propos,  to 
one  in  particular  y*  occurs  to  me  Lib.  11.  cap.  cxiii.  Ille 
ad  pair  em  patriae  expect  ato  revolavit  maturius.  You  seem 
much  better  reconcil'd  to  this  Phrase  than  many  of  the 
Editors.  I  confess  it  always  stuck  with  me  as  a  flat  Read 
ing,  &  too  stale  a  piece  of  Flattery.  I  have  suspected  the 
Complement  was  intended  another  Way :  &  that  ye  Author 
would  insinuate,  Tiberius  was  as  much  a  Darling  adopted 
Son  of  Augustus.  I  would  read  therefore  Ille  ad  Patrem, 
Patriamque,  &c.  His  Country  was  as  much  transported 
in  his  unexpected  Return,  as  his  Father.  Velleius  has 
chose  this  Manner  of  Expression  upon  some  other  Occasions. 
L.2  c.  100.  Julia  relegata  in  Insulam,  PATRIAEQUE  et 
PARENTUM  subducta  Oculis.  —  &  again  c.  120.  Ar- 
minio  territo,  quern  arguisse  PATER  et  P ATRIA  contenti 
erant,  &c.  I  don't  know  whether  I  am  right :  but  I  was 
willing  to  offer  it  to  your  better  Consideration. 

The  Rec*  wch  you  return  me  for  Aeschylus  I  will  keep 
safely  for  you :  since  (by  God's  Leave)  I  mean  to  print  y* 
Work  off  this  ensueing  Summer.  I  thank  you  heartily  for 
yor  kind  Promise  of  collecting  in  your  Friends'  2d  Paym*.  It 
will  be  of  singular  Service  to  me.  You  are  very  good 
in  accounting  for,  or  rather  excusing,  my  Silence.  I  assure 
you  faithfully,  neither  Indolence  nor  Neglect  has  been  the 


APPENDIX   C  323 

Parent  of  it;  but  a  Strict  and  Painful  Attention  to  the 
closing  of  Shakespeare.  I  have  been  silent,  indeed,  too 
upon  another  Motive  y*  gave  me  some  little  Uneasiness. 
I  intrusted  Mr.  Prevost  wth  your  letter  of  Directions  ab*. 
getting  the  two  French  Books  for  You.  He  is  turn'd  out  a 
Bankrupt,  &  had  lost  ye  Letter;  but  I  have  agen  recover'd 
it  &  commission' d  Paul  Vaillant  who  I  daresay  will  soon 
procure  the  Books  for  you.  I  am  at  present  a  sort  of  Shop 
keeper,  in  deliver8  out  all  my  Subscription  Books  at  home ; 
but  in  a  little  Time  I  hope  to  have  ample  Leisure  &  Oppor 
tunity  for  conversing  with  you,  &  confessing  Myself,  Dear 
Sir 

Your  most  affectionate  & 

Wyan's  Court  faithfull  humble  servant 

12  Febry.  1733.  [1734]  Lew.  Theobald. 

P.S.  If  the  having  back  the  Letters  you  wrote  to  me  on 
Shakespeare  is  of  any  Particular  Use  to  You,  you'll  give 
me  Leave  first  to  order  a  Transcript  of  them,  for  They  are 
so  much  a  Tally  to  mine,  y*  Mine  are  render'd  useless  with 
out  Them:  &  besides  there  is  a  rich  vein  of  Oar  yet  un- 
drain'd. 


My  dear  Friend 

I  have  the  pleasure  of  yours,  &  receiv'd  by  it  infinite 
satisfaction  to  find,  that  Shakespeare  in  the  Gross  makes 
a  tolerable  figure  in  your  Eye.  What  Character  it  will 
bear  in  general,  is  a  point  on  which  I  will  not  venture  to 
determine.  The  Cynicks  have  not  yet  open'd :  when 
they  begin  to  bark,  we'll  begin  to  look  to  the  Strength  of 
our  Shelters.  But  if  our  Adversaries  have  a  mind  to  draw 
out  Faults  in  Parade,  I  am  of  Opinion  with  you  that  we 


324  APPENDIX   C 

need  not  decline  to  take  the  field.     I  wonder,  you  should 
think  you  have  any  obligations  to  acknowledge  for  the 
gratefull  Confessions  I  have  endeavoured  to  make.     They 
are  duties  that  do  me  as  much  solid  honour  as  they  afford 
me  sincere  pleasure.      I  will  not  pretend,  it  was  a  debt 
politickly  paid ;  but  I  find,  it  has  entail'd  this  rich  Conse 
quence,  yi  it  has  given  me  a  Right  (through  your  generous 
Grant)  to  demand  all  your  Capacities  for  my  Service:  An 
aid  y*  I  preferr  to  all  the  Cabal  of  Pope's  Friends,  however 
numerous   they   may  be,    junctosque    umbone    phalanges. 
What  you  mention  as  to  my  having  adopted  passages  in 
my  preface,  wch  you  had  shewn  long  ago  to  have  been  of 
your  composure,  gives  me  no  cause  of  blushing.     Let  those 
preacquainted  Friends  frankly  know,  I  embraced  them  in  a 
just  preference  to  what  I  could  myself   produce   on   the 
Subject.     They  came  a  free  Gift  to  me;   &   as   Menander 
finely  observes,  ra  T&V  <f>i\wv  KOW'  ov  t*bvov  ra  xP^M^ra,    /cat 
vov  d£   K.a.1   <i>poj>rj<T6us    KOWWVLCL.     Nor   would  I    have    chose 
tacitly  to  usurp  the  Reputation  of  them :  but  as  I  formerly 
hinted,  &  you  join'd  with  me  in  sentiment,  it  would  have 
looked  too  poor  to  have  confess'd  Assistances  towards  so 
slight  a  Fabrick  as  my  Preface.    As  to  Dr  Bentley  (what 
ever  the  penetration  of  some  readers  may  devine  on  this 
head)  in  Shaking  off  the  Similitude  betwixt  our  tasks,  I 
hope  that  neither  he,  nor  his  Friends  will  see  cause  to  sus 
pect  any  Sneer.     The  Stating  the  Difference  was  absolutely 
necessary  on  my  own  side,  &  I  think  I  have  avoided  saying 
anything  derogatory  on  his.     As  to  the  Omissions  I  have 
so  frequently  made,  in  Both  our  Notes,  to  confess  freely, 
I  easily  foresaw  there  would  arise  Occasion  for  Improve 
ments  on  Shakespeare :   &  if  I  have  given  enough  to  awake 
the  Expectation  of  the  publick,  'tis  neither  a  fraud,  nor 
bad  policy,  to  keep  a  good    Fund  in  Reserve.     You   are 
very  kind  to  attribute  them  to  your  loose  unmethodical 


APPENDIX   C  325 

papers,  as  you  are  pleas'd  to  call  them.  To  say  a  word  to 
your  intention  of  composing  a  full  &  compleat  Critic  on 
Shakespeare,  I  own,  it  would  be  a  treasure  to  me  to  see 
it:  but  to  speak  for  the  World,  &  throw  off  those  pre 
possessions  wch  I  have  for  our  •  Author,  I  am  afraid,  the 
generality  will  regard  him  as  too  irrgular  a  Writer  to  deserve 
such  a  critic.  I  am  very  glad  the  Greek  Criticisms  strike 
you.  The  Major  part  of  them,  I  believe,  will  stand  their 
ground.  But  in  one  of  them  I  have  been  most  miserably 
mistaken.  I  mean  miserably,  as  not  knowing  a  Fact :  as 
a  Schollar  &  Conjecturer  at  large,  I  think  the  Mistake 
will  not  affect  me  in  Credit.  It  is  the  Votive  Table,  as  I 
called  it,  wch  led  me  into  the  Error;  &  for  your  Enter 
tainment,  I'll  give  you  a  separate  Letter,  in  wch  the  Whole 
shall  be  set  right  &  explain' d.  I  with  great  pleasure  em 
brace  the  Review  of  your  efforts  on  Paterculus :  &  they 
cannot  visit  me  too  soon.  I  thank  you  for  the  Repetition 
of  your  Advice  wth  regard  to  the  text  of  Aeschylus :  &,  I 
will  consult  the  opinions  of  what  Connoisseurs  we  have  here, 
to  determine  the  question  for  Me.  By  the  way,  Stanley's 
Text,  tho'  the  best,  is  not  so  accurate  as  you  imagine,  & 
I  have  done  much  on  the  Chorus's  by  adjusting  the  Metre 
of  the  Strophes  &  Antistrophes  to  each  other,  in  which  that 
very  learned  Man  was  negligent  or  thought  it  was  too  trivial 
a  Reformation.  I  own,  the  Rythmus  seems  to  me  the  most 
certain  Basis  of  Correction.  I  had  like  to  have  forgot 
answering  your  question,  as  to  Shakespeare's  poems,  whether 
they  are  so  good  as  to  engage  your  thorough  Attention  in 
Reading.  I  dare  not  promise  &  vow  for  them  all  in  the  Bulk. 
I  could  wish  them  more  equal :  but  still,  to  invite  you,  there 
are  peculiar  Douceurs  in  them ;  there  is  Scope  for  Conjec 
ture  &  Explanation :  &  Adonis  &  Tarquin  to  my  taste  are 
the  sweetest  Poems  y*  I  have  ever  seen.  And  now,  My 
Dear  Friend,  with  all  your  fund  of  Alacrity  about  you,  I 


326 


APPENDIX    C 


embrace  your  Challenge.  Write  as  often  as  you  dare, 
I  will  not  be  silent.  The  Spring  invites  to  open  the  Cam 
paign  ;  &  let's  be  as  true  generals  as  if  we  were  paid  for  it ; 
draw  out  our  forces,  tho'  against  Stone- Walls.  Some  of 
our  Artillery  may  possibly  fly :  but  some  other  will  batter  & 
make  a  breach. 

I  am 

Dearest  Sir 
Yor  most  affectionate  & 

oblig'd  Friend  &  humble 
Wyan's  Court  Serv* 

5  March  1733  [1734].          Lew.  Theobald 
P.S.     I  am  in  no  pain 
for  spare  me,  James  —  in  spite  of 
Philip  Sparrow. 


My  dear  Friend 

I  hope  according  to  the  old  Style  &  Fashion,  This  will 
find  you  as  well  as  I  am  present.  The  Reason  y*  I  did  not 
trouble  you  wth  acknowledging  yor  Hints  on  the  Grubb, 
wrote  on  the  Road,  was,  y*  we  had  previously  determined 
not  to  make  any  Reply;  that  I  therefore  imagined  them 
struck  out  for  Amusement  &  flatter'd  myself  I  should  have 
been  saluted  at  yor  coming  home,  on  the  Contents  of  mine 
wch.  waited  you  there:  tho',  indeed,  if  I  remember,  it  de 
manded  no  answer.  Since  I  had  the  Pleasure  of  your 
Company,  I  have  been  doubly  engag'd :  Partly,  wth.  Trans- 
scripts  for  my  Lord  Orrery ;  &  partly  wth.  making  my  In 
terest  for  a  Benefit-Play  given  me  as  Editor  of  Shakespeare, 
for  the  Entertainment  of  the  Grand  Master  &  Society  of 
Free-Masons. 

By  the  Way  as  you  are  so  good  to  re  Joyce  in  all  my  good 


APPENDIX  C  327 

Fortunes,  I  must  let  you  know  that  the  Prince  of  Wales 
generously  order'd  me  20  Guineas  for  his  Sett  of  Shakes 
peare  ;  &  y*  my  Lord  Orrery  made  me  ye  Complim*  of  100 
Guineas  for  the  Dedication.  I  hope,  the  Work  is  rising  in 
Reputation :  I  have  much  said  to  me  on  that  Side  of  ye 
Question;  &  nothing  in  Detraction,  since  the  idle  Invec 
tive  you  saw.  I  should  not  have  made  this  Report,  but  to 
a  Party  concern'd ;  &  to  obey  a  particular  Injunction.  And. 
so  much  for  y*  Author  at  Present.  I'll  trouble  you,  Dear 
Sir,  to  look  into  a  Passage  for  Me,  out  of  Milton's  Lycidas. 
I  own  I  am  entirely  in  the  Dark  as  to  the  Circumstances 
hinted  at,  et  Davus  sum,  non  Oedipus. 

Ay  me  !    Whilst  Thee  the  Shores  &  sounding  Seas 
Wash  far  away,  where-e're  thy  Bones  are  hurFd, 
Whether  beyond  the  stormy  Hebrides, 
Where  Thou  perhaps  under  the  whelming  Tide 
Visit'st  the  Bottom  of  the  monstrous  World ; 
Or  whether  Thou,  to  our  moist  Vows  deny'd, 
Sleep' 'st  by  the  Fable  of  Bellerus  old, 
Where  the  great  Vision  of  the  guarded  Mount 
Looks  Namancos  t  &  Bayona's  §  hold :  &c 

To  sleep  by  a  Fable  —  A  Vision  that  looks  —  a  guarded 
Mount  —  Namancos — (Die  quibus  in  terris).  These  may 
be  all  right,  but  they  are  all  Mysteries  to  me  :  nor  do  I  know 
one  Tittle  of  Bellerus  Old.  I  know  that  Milton  in  all  his 
allusions  is  ever  full  of  what  we  may  call  Learning,  or,  at 
least,  Reading :  for,  indeed,  he  as  often  trades  in  Romance 
as  in  Classical  Materials ;  and  if  I  am  not  greatly  mistaken 
the  Fable  of  Bellerus  &  the  Vision  of  the  guarded  Mount 
seem  of  the  stamp  of  Amadis  du  Gaule,  or  some  of  y*  Tribe 
of  Rhapsodists.  But  I  shall  be  happy  in  a  better  Informa- 
|  Naymancos  (Theob.)  §  Boyona's  (Theob.) 


328 


APPENDIX    C 


tion  from  you,  because  I  much  admire  this  sweet  little  Poem : 
&  therefore  will  not  take  off  yor.  Application  from  a  Com 
ment  on  it  by  the  intermingling  any  other  Matter  whatever, 
than  that  I  am  Dear  Sir 

Yr  truely  affec.  as  oblig'd 

Wyan's  Court.  Friend  &  humble  servant 

9  May  1734.  Lew:   Theobald. 


My  dear  Friend, 

In  yours  of  ye  17th  Instant  you  told  me  of  some  Visits 
you  were  going  to  pay,  &  therefore  I  forebore  replying  till 
I  might  imagine  you  return' d.  I  have  had  a  dreadfull 
Interval  of  Anxiety;  for  my  little  Boy  was  seiz'd  wth  the 
Small  Pox,  of  the  confluent  Kind;  &  for  12  days  we  had 
scarce  the  least  Hopes  of  his  Life ;  but  by  the  Care  of  Dr. 
Mead  &  the  Kindness  of  Nature,  I  thank  God,  we  now 
think  he  is  out  of  all  Danger. 

I  am  oblig'd  to  you  for  your  Informations  concerning  Bel 
lerus,  Naymancos,  &c :  tho'  I  have  not  been  able  yet  to 
promt  from  them.  Boyona's  Hold,  I  presume  to  mean  some 
Fortress  on  the  Boyne ;  but  as  to  Bellerus,  Naymancos,  & 
the  guarded  Mount,  I  have  deriv'd  no  Light;  tho'  I  have 
turn'd  over  page  by  Page,  Dr.  Keating's  general  History 
of  Ireland  in  fol :  (wch.  is  full  throughout  of  fabulous  Trash, 
but  has  no  Mention  of  the  Fable  requir'd) ;  Sr.  James  Ware's 
De  Hibernia  et  Antiquitatibus  ejus,  Disquisitiones  8VO 
Lond :  1654 ;  as  also  his  Rerum  Hibernicorum  Annales, 
fol.  Dublin.  1664.  There  is,  I  know,  in  Hartley's  Cata- 
logus  Universalis,  mention' d  a  2d  Edition  of  Ware's  Antiq 
uities  in  1668,  said  to  be  a  4th-part  enlarg'd  from  the  first. 
Whether  the  Fable  of  Bellerus  &c  be  contain'd  amongst 
those  Additions,  I  don't  know :  nor  can  meet  wth  ye  Book. 


APPENDIX   C  329 

By  the  Notices  you  have  given  me,  I  suppose,  it  is  either 
in  yor:  Custody  or  in  yor.  Neighbourhood.  Whichever 
of  the  two  is  the  case,  I  shall  be  extreamly  glad  of  a  Trans  . .  ,26 
of  what  is  said  concerning  this  obscure  Fable. 

The  omitted  50  Remarks  &  Explanations,  y*  you  have 
transcribed,  you  may  please  to  send  me  at  yor.  best  Leisure. 
For  as,  on  the  one  Side,  I  would  not  press  you  in  time ;  so, 
on  the  other,  I  would  have  Time  fully  to  weigh  them. 

As  to  Mr.  Jortin's  Performance,26  or  rather  his  Scheme,  I 
love  the  Gentleman,  &  think  it  savour'd  rather  of  a  Desire, 
than  Power  of  Critic;  or  if  it  had  the  latter  Quality,  it 
was  conducted  in  too  dry  &  jejune  a  Method  to  heighten 
Expectation,  or,  indeed,  subsist.  The  Serpit  humi  tutus 
was  too  prevalent  a  Rule  with  him.  He  had  been  alarm'd 
at  some  of  Markland's  bold  Emendations ;  so  y*  to  decline 
splitting  on  the  same  Rock,  he  grows  over  fearfull  of  launch 
ing  out ;  &  by  being  too  dubious  of  Every  thing  he  advances, 
teaches  his  Readers  to  pass  over  his  Conjectures  as  of  no 
Weight.  No  man  cares  to  believe  wth.  Distrust  in  common 
Points :  however  we  may  strain  Opinion  in  a  Matter  of 
more  Faith  &  Sanctity.  Sed  haec  obiter  et  inter  nos.  I  am 

Dearest  Sir, 

Yr.  most  oblig'd  &  affection*6. 
Wyan's  Court  Friend  &  humble  Serv*. 

30  May.  1734.  Lew:  Theobald 

28  MS.  is  torn. 

28  Remarks  on  Spenser* 's  Poems  and  on  Milton's  Paradise  Lost,  1734. 


330 


APPENDIX   C 


My  Dear  Friend 

Since  the  Favour  of  your  last  I  have  been  making  a  short 
Tour  into  my  own  County,  Kent ;  &  am  now  to  acknowledge 
the  Rec*  of  your  Criticism  on  13  disputable  passages  in 
Shakespeare  &  yr  list  of  omitted  Emendations :  for  both 
wch  I  desire  to  return  my  thanks.  In  the  postscript  of 
yours  of  June  ye  2nd  you  say,  you  shall  order  a  person  to 
bring  the  Four  guineas  to  my  House  &  leave  them  there. 
I  mention  this  only  to  let  you  know,  no  such  person  has 
been  near  us,  so  that  perhaps,  your  orders  are  either  mis 
taken  or  neglected.  Litterary  News  are  at  present  quite 
dead.  You  say,  you  are  desirous  of  seeing  my  reply  to  the 
Grubstreet.  Our  Controversy  stands  thus.  He  has  at 
tacked  me  twice;  about  the  6nfia  e^rpa^kvov  &  the 
Votive  Table  as  I  call'd  it.  I  have  entered  my  Defence 
to  Both,  in  separate  Letters.  I  will  either  procure  you  the 
4  journals,  if  you  so  desire :  or  if  that  is  not  to  be  done, 
transcribe  &  send  them  to  you.  For  the  present  I'll  beg 
to  trouble  you  with  two  Conjectural  Emendations.  One 
on  Shakespeare,  the  other  on  Aeschylus  in  wch  your  opinion 
will  decide, 

Dearest  Sir 

yr  most  obliged  &  affectionate 
Wyan's  Court  humble  Servant 

HJulyl734.  L:    Theobald 

In  the  13th  Stanza  of  the  Venus  &  Adonis,  the  poet  says, 
—  The  Goddess  is  equally  enamour'd,  whether  the  youth 
looks  sullen  or  pleas'd ;  whether  he  blushes,  or  looks  pale ; 
&  then  subjoins, 

"Being  Red,  she  loves  him  best :  &  being  white, 
''Her  Breast  is  bettered  with  a  more  delight." 

But  how  is  her  Breast  better'd?  Sure,  this  is  an  odd  phrase, 
if  it  means  she  is  made  still  happier.  Have  the  Editors 


APPENDIX   C  331 

blunder'd  this  out,  from  best  occurring  in  the  preceding  line  ? 
Or  is  it  a  poor  jingle  design'd,  betwixt  best  &  better'df  To 
me,  the  Sense  seems  to  be  "If  she  sees  him  blush,  she  loves 
him  to  the  height ;  &  when  she  sees  his  fair  cheek,  her  heart 
is  still  more  captivated  with  his  beauty."  I  suppose  our 
Author,  wrote : 

"Her  Breast  is  fettered  with  a  more  delight." 

An  "f "  curtailed  below  the  line  in  the  M.S.S.,  might  easily 
be  mistaken  for  a  "b"  :  &  there  is  no  metaphor  more  classical 
you  know,  than  the  Chains  or  Fetters  of  Love. 

Turn  Pater  aeterno  fatur  devinctus  amore.    Virg.  AEn.  8 

in  gremium  qui  seape  tuum  se 

Rejicit  aeterno  devinctus  volnere  Amoris 

Luc.  Lib.  I. 

hunc  vincula  Amicitiae 

Rumpere  et  in  summa  pietatem  evertere  fundo. 

Id.  Lib.  III. 

Ipse  ego  praeda  recens  f  actum  modo  volnus  habebo 
Et  nova  captiva  vincula  mente  feram 

(Ovid  Amor :) 

anima,  quales  neque  candidiores, 

Terra  tulit,  neque  queis  me  sit  devinctior  alter 

Horat  Sermo  I. 
Foelices  ter  &  amplius 
Quos  inrupta  tenet  copula;  Id.  Od  li.  I ;  13. 

Telephum,  quern  tu  petis,  occupavit 
Non  tuae  sortis,  juvenem  puella, 
Dives  &  lasciva,  tenetque  gratia 

Compede  vinctum  Id  Od  IV.  11. 

etc  etc  etc  Instances  from  English  poetry  would  be  number 
less.  AEschyl.  in  Prometheo. 


332  APPENDIX   C 


Ve.  134.  KTVTTOV  S'  'Axw  x<*Xu/3os  di-rji-ev  avrpuv  e/c  5' 
/noy  TO.V  Benep&TTLV  -m&o,  ^vdrjv  5'  'AIIEAIA02  6x<*>  Trrepcorw 
The  sea-nymphs  here  come  to  Promethus.  They  tell  him, 
"The  Echo  of  an  iron  sound  pierc'd  to  their  grotto's,  call'd 
the  colour  from  their  cheeks,  &  they  have  rushed  BARE 
FOOT  in  their  winged  chariot."  The  elder  scholiast 
hints  y*  &7rc6iXos  here  is,  as  in  Hesiod  Fctroi/cs  a^cooroi  IK.LOV. 
People  come  to  the  relief  of  a  neighbour,  without  standing 
on  being  compleatly  dressed.  And  the  second  scholiast 
explains  it,  that  they  were  too  zealous  to  be  able  to  slip 
on  their  shoes.  As  I  am  venturing  to  give  this  passage  a 
Turn,  neither  countenanced  by  the  Text,  nor  the  Commen 
tators,  I  ought  previously  to  give  my  Reasons.  The 
learned  Stanley  intimates  very  justly,  that  some  think 
the  water  nymphs  always  are  without  Shoes  or  Sandals; 
&  that  therefore  Thetis  has  the  epithet  of  silver-footed  given 
her  by  Homer.  So  Philostratus,  in  his  21st  Epistle,  says 
y*  Venus  emerged  from  the  sea  barefoot.  If  the  sea-nymphs 
then  were  always  barefooted,  to  say,  they  came  aTrcStXot 
would  be  idle  &  trivial.  And  besides,  if  we  consider  Cir 
cumstances,  Haste  had  no  occasion  to  make  these  nymphs 
leave  their  Shoes  behind  them.  Tho'  their  passage  is  quick, 
yet  their  setting  out  was  not  so  precipitate.  They  stayed 
to  ask  [leave?]  of  their  Father  Ocean,  &  had  much  ado 
to  obtaine  his  Consent  xarpcoas  .  .  .  27  irapeiirovaa  <f>pevas. 
The  Context,  therefore,  would  seem  to  me  natural  thus. 
"The  sound  of  the  hammering  pierc'd  so  fearfully  to  our 
Grotto's,  that  it  called  all  the  colour  from  my  cheeks,  &  I 
hastened  trembling  etc.  And  a  very  slight  literal  alter 
ation  of  the  Text  will  reconcile  it  to  this  Sense  :  if,  instead 
of  fcireSiXos,  we  may  only  read  Zvdrjv  6'  TFOAEIAOS  etc.  I 
don't  find,  indeed,  y*  the  Lexicons  acknowledge  the  word, 
but  Hesychius  has  one  Synonomous  &  similarly  compounded 
»  MS.  is  torn. 


APPENDIX  C  333 

erferjs,  Karats,  tirt,(f>o0os  —  In  the  Hecuba  of  Eurip- 
edes,  when  Polyxena  comes  out  to  her,  upon  hearing  her 
violent  transports  of  grief,  she  says  something  resembling 
this  sentiment  of  Aeschylus; 

6AMBEI  r 


. 

My  dear  Friend, 

I  have  been  so  perpetually  hurried,  for  this  Month  past 
in  Ld.  Orrery's  Affairs,  y*  I  cannot  say  I  have  had  a  Leisure 
hour  to  myself  or  I  should  much  sooner  have  reply  'd  to 
the  Favour  of  yr.  Last.  I  hope,  you  have  quite  got  rid  of 
ye  uneasie  cold  with  all  its  Concomitants  ;  tho'  we  have  had 
a  Season  too  unfavourable  easily  to  throw  off  the  Attacks 
of  any  Disorder.  Your  Friends  from  Cambridge  have 
remitted  ye  4  Guins.  pursuant  to  your  Order,  for  wch.  please 
to  receive  my  Thanks.  The  2  Grubstreets  wch.  you  wanted 
are  not  to  be  come  at  with  the  Publishers.  I  shall  therefore 
with  great  pleasure  transcribe  them,  as  I  am  oblig'd  to  keep 
a  copy  of  them  by  me.  You  here  receive  my  first  letter, 
&  the  next  Post  or  the  Post  after  that  shall  bring  you  the 
Sequel.28  .  .  .  The  next  Post  my  dear  Friend,  shall  bring 
you  Mr.  Bavius's  Cavil  to  this  Letter  :  &  after  That,  you 
shall  be  visited  with  my  Refutation  of  the  Anonymous 
Attack  on  my  Emendation  of  Platonius  &  what  Mr. 
Bavius  thought  fit  to  retort  to  y*. 

I  am  Dear  Sr.  Yr.  most  affectionate  &  oblig'd 

humble  serv*. 

Wyan's  Court,  Lew  :  Theobald. 

27  Aug.  1734. 

28  I  have  omitted  the  copy  of  this  letter  communicated  to  the  Grub- 
street  Journal,  No.  232,  June  6,  1734. 


334  APPENDIX   C 

My  Dear  Friend 

I  now  transmit  to  you  Mr  Bavius's  Replication  or  Cavil 2* 
(quocunque  nomine)  subjoined  to  my  letter  wch  I  last 
troubled  you  with :  &  shall  only  at  present  confess  myself, 
Dear  Sir  your  most  oblig'd  &  affectionate 

humble  Servant 
Wyans  Court  Lew.  Theobald. 

3d  Septr  1734 


[To  Sir  Hans  Sloane] 
30  Sir 

The  encouragement  you  were  so  good  to  shew  me  in  the 
Case  of  Shakespeare  makes  me  humbly  hope  I  shall  have 
ye  Honour  of  yr  Name  to  the  Work  I  have  now  under  the 
Press,  a  Translation  of  AEschylus's  Tragedies,  with  Notes 
Critical  and  Philological :  &  an  History  of  the  Greek  Stage 
in  all  its  Branches,  in  a  Dissertation  to  be  prefixed.  The 
Work  will  be  2  thick  Volumes  in  4to  on  the  best  Royal  Paper, 
&  fine  Copper  Plates  to  each  Play,  the  Subscription  2  Guineas. 

I  am  advis'd  by  some  Friends  to  give  the  Greek  Text  on 
the  Opposite  Page ;  because  it  may  in  many  Cases  be  cor 
rected  with  Certainty :  as  well  as  that  the  Metre  of  the 
Chorus's  greatly  wants  adjusting,  a  Task  wch  even  the 
Learned  Stanley  took  no  considerable  Pains  about.  I 
mention  this  at  pres*.  Sir,  only  to  let  you  know  that  by  the 
kindness  of  Dr  Conyers  Middleton  I  have  a  Collation  of  a 
Mss.  of  this  Poet  from  the  Laurentian  Library  at  Florence ; 
wch.  Mss.  was  made  for  the  use  of  Franciscus  Philadelphus, 

M  I  have  omitted  this,  since  it  can  be  found  in  same  issue  of  the 
Grub-street  Journal  mentioned  on  the  preceding  page. 
»°  British  Museum,  Sloane  MSS.  4053,  ff.  275-276. 


APPENDIX   C  335 

a  little  before  the  Time  of  Printing;  &  in  the  Margin  the 
Learned  Salvini  has  added  here  and  there  his  Conjectures. 
I  am  transcribing  the  various  Readings  into  my  Stanley; 
&  could  I  know31  .  .  .  pt  of  this  Collation  would  be  ac 
ceptable  to  Sr.  Hans  .  .  .  wth  great  pleasure  make  it  at 
ye  same  time  for  yr  Service.  I  had  an  ambition  of  men 
tioning  this  on  Thursday  was  Sennight  to  you  at  Sr.  Robert 
Walpole's;  but  as  I  never  had  the  Honour  of  approaching 
you,  I  was  fearfull  of  being  too  importunate.  The  Honour 
of  yor  Commands  will  very  much  oblige  Him,  who  is  with 
true  Respect  &  Veneration 

Sir 

Your  most  obedient 

Wyan's  Court  in  humble  serv*. 

Great  Russell  Steet  Lew.  Theobald. 

21  Septr.  1734. 


My  dear  Friend 

The  Favour  of  yours  is  arriv'd,  &  in  Acknowledgment 
I  give  you  now  the  only  Line  y*  I  have  attempted  to  write 
above  these  two  Months.  Man  has  certainly  neither  Reason, 
nor  Priveledge,  to  complain  ag*.  Nature,  &  my  Constitu 
tion  in  particular  has  been  so  kindly,  that  I  have  not  a 
Shadow  for  Quarrel.  Whether  Woodward's  biliose  Salts 
are  become  predominant,  &  playing  their  Tricks  in  Me,  I 
can't  say;  but  I  have  been  so  attack' d,  as  to  think  strong 
Texture,  good  Stamina  &c  very  brittle  Defences:  &  it 
shall  never  be  an  Axiom  wth  Me,  that  a  Middle-aged  Man 
has  liv'd  but  half  his  Days.  I  was  seiz'd  at  once  wth  Some 
thing  like  a  Cold  so  severe  y*  I  was  glad  for  my  own  Sake 

31  MS.  is  torn. 


336  APPENDIX  C 

as  well  as  the  Family's  to  creep  out  of  ye  Way.  A  few  days 
settled  it  in  the  fore  part  of  my  Head  so  intensely,  that  I 
was  almost  afraid  for  my  Eyes.  This  Ferment  has  been 
succeeded  by  what  I  think  They  call  a  Feaver  on  the  Spirits, 
wch  has  led  me  a  strange  Dance ;  for  tho'  I  have  too  much 
Flegm  to  give  Way  to  Whimsey,  &  have  had  no  rub  in 
Fortune  to  induce  me  to  succumb  (as  some  people  you  know 
would  chuse  to  say;)  to  Oppression,  yet  I  assure  you  it 
has  been  out  of  my  Power  not  to  feel  myself  a  damn'd, 
insipid  Animal.  But  too  much  of  This,  as  Hamlet  says, 
—  My  Head  is  yet  but  weak,  &  my  Hand  not  much  firmer. 
Excuse  me  a  few  Posts,  &  I  hope  to  convince  you  that  my 
Intentions  are  no  more  alter'd,  than  that  Zeal  with  wch. 
I  shall  ever  be  proud  to  approve  Myself 

Dear  Sir 

Your  most  affect6  & 

Wyan's  Court.  oblig'd  humble  Serv*. 

7.  Nov.  1734  Lew:  Theobald. 


Dear  Sir 

I  have  receiv'd  the  pleasure  of  yours,  but  find  I  am  to 
lose  That  expected  one  of  seeing  You  this  Spring;  the 
hope  of  wc  .  has  for  a  long  while  suspended  my  troubling 
you  with  any  Letters.  I  had  sooner  reply'd  to  yor  Last, 
but  was  then  makg.  a  short  Tour  into  Kent  when  it  arriv'd. 
Dr.  Stukely  I  have  met  twice  at  Mr.  Watts,32  &  once  at  Sr. 
Robert  Walpole's.  I  will  wait  on  Mr.  Whiston,33  who,  I 

32  One  of  Theobald's  printers. 

88  William  Whiston  (1667-1752),  an  unorthodox  divine  and  math 
ematician,  was  the  author  of  A  New  Theory  of  the  Earth,  1696,  which 
enjoyed  a  better  reputation  than  its  merits  justified.  His  best  work 
is  a  translation  of  Josephus,  1737,  referred  to  here. 


APPENDIX   C  337 

hear  has  call'd  at  my  House,  will  subscribe  Myself  to  his 
Josephus,  &  do  him  w*  Service  I  can  in  recomending  it. 
The  State  of  litterary  Matters  is  very  dull  at  present,  & 
under  manifest  Discouragement.  I  don't  know  whether 
you  have  heard  what  pains  I  am  taking  to  carry  thro'  a 
Bill  for  the  Encouragem*.  of  Learning,  &  securing  of  Property 
in  Authors.  I  hope,  I  shall  get  it  thro'  unless  my  Appli 
cation  is  cut  short  by  an  abrupt  Rising  of  ye  Houses.  But 
in  a  few  Posts  I  shall  be  able  to  ascertain  my  Success  in  it  to 
You.  Would  you  believe  that  I  have  been  saluted  in  the 
Epistolary  Way  by  a  Professor  at  Zurich?  But  I  over 
shoot  modesty  even  in  the  mention  of  it.  Therefore  to 
pass  to  another  Subject,  Millar,34  as  you  say,  imitates 
Moliere  full  as  badly  as  he  translates  him.  I  will  look  out 
your  Letter,  mentioning  the  2  or  3  books  to  be  procured  by 
Vaillant,  &  will  then  call  upon  him  about  them.  I  am 

Dear  Sir 

Wyan's  Court  Y™  most  affectionately 

26  Apr.  1735.  Lew.  Theobald. 


35 1  am  to  acknowledge  the  Favour  of  Two  of  yours,  but 
y*.  [I]  should  have  done  much  earlier,  but  y*  ever  since  the 
Rising  of  Parliament  my  Ld.  Orrery  has  engross' d  me  night 
&  day.  His  Lordship's  Affairs  have  now  carried  him  into 
Ireland,  so  I  hope  for  a  little  Time  to  be  a  Man  more  at 
my  own  Dispose.  I  need  not  tell  you  that  it  was  impossible 

34  James  Miller  (1706-1744)  left  the  church  to  write  for  the  stage. 
Some  of  his  plays  had  considerable  success,  the  plots  generally  being 
taken  from  the  French,  especially  Moliere.  The  play  alluded  to 
above  was  The  Man  of  Taste,  produced  March,  1735. 

38  The  manuscript  of  this  letter  is  in  a  very  bad  condition  as  the 
frequent  lacunae  show. 


338  APPENDIX   C 

to  get  our  Act  (for  the  Propriety  of  Copies)  thro'  the  Lords 
this  Season ;  but  I  am  so  hardned  a  Wrestler,  as  not  to  give 
over  for  a  single  Fall;  &  therefore  design  to  try  t'other 
Bout  wth.  them  next  Session.  The  Roberts  (an  Actor) 
whom  you  mention  to  have  wrote  some  Remarks  on  Shakes 
peare,  never  wrote  any  Thing  that  I  know  of,  but  some 
Remarks  on  Mr.  Pope's  Preface,38  as  a  pretended  Defence 
of  his  Fellow-Players.  Nor  can  I  yet  Snd  out  any  Epistle 
addressed  to  Mr.  Pope,  in  wch.  You  have  been  drawn  into 
a  share  of  abuse.  If  I  can  trace  any  such  I  will  not  fail 
to  give  you  full  Notice.  You  desire  some  Account  of  my 
Zurich  Correspondent.  You  must  know,  he  had  met 
w*.  a  trifling  Poem  of  mine  abroad,  call'd  the  Cave  of  Poverty, 
attempted  by  me  near  20  Years  ago  in  Imitation  of  Shakes 
peare.  Something  in  it,  it  seems,  happen'd  to  strike  his 
Fancy  strongly;  &  about  2  Years  ago  he  expressed  his 
Compliments  in  a  Letter,  brought  to  me  by  two  itinerant 
Abbe*es,  wch  put  me  to  the  unaccustom'd  Task  of  a  Latine 
Conversation.  I  thought  Myself  oblig'd  to  set  Pen  to 
Paper,  in  reply  to  his  great  Civility;  &  that  Compliance 
I  suppose  has  drawn  on  the  following  Letter  wch  I'll  give 
you  totidem  verbis. 

Viro  Cl  .  .  .  simo,  Cel  .  .  .  rimoque, 
Ludovico  Theobaldo 

Anglo 
Jo.  Jacobus  Bodmer  Tigurino  —  Helvetius.S.D. 

Utor  Libertate  quam  Epistola  Humanitatis  &  egregiae  in 
me  Voluntatis  plena  concessisti.  Quid  enim  jucundius, 
quid  optabilius  in  Vita  cuiquam  accidere  potest  hominum 
Erudi  .  .  .  similium,  Consuetudine  ?  Sed,  eheu !  iniquum 

38  John  Roberts,  Answer  to  Pope's  Preface  to  Shakespeare,   by  a 
Strolling  Player  [1730]. 


APPENDIX   C  339 

quo  pre  .  .  .  Quam  enim  Tu  mihi,  ut  ut  nullis  Tibi  Meritis 
cognito,  am  .  .  .  Consuetudinemque  benevole  largiris, 
eadem  ut  plene  perfrua  .  .  .  Montium  terrarumque  Tractus 
interject!,  Oceanus  denique  interfu  .  .  .  negare  videntur. 
Literarum  equidem  beneficio  id  consequimur,  quantumvis 
longissimo  terrae  tractu  dissiti  conversari  &  colloquia 
miscere  possimus;  sed  dum  viatores,  quibus  Epistolas 
parvasque  sarcinas  ultro  citroque  ferendas  committimus, 
rarius  obveniunt  ac  diutius  per  Viam  morantur,  Studium 
exspectando  immuni,  et  consuetudinis  voluptati  multum 
derogari  accidit. 

Interim  consuetudine  h£c  Epistolari  fruamur,  qua  licet 
et  Res  et  Locus  fieri  patiuntur.  Gratulor  Tibi  egregiam 
istam  juvandi  liberales  Disciplinas  voluntatem,  qud  in- 
flammatus  novam  Shakespear  I  Editionem  procurare 
adgressus  es.  Non  equidem  me  fugit  Alexandrum  Popium, 
quern  tibi  Editione  Shakespearii  praeivisse  .  .  .  bis,  virum 
ingenio  felicissimo,  faman  nomjnis  longe  lateque  .  .  . 
neque  poemata  ejus  miscellanea,  quae  ad  Apinam  hanc 
plagam  usque  deven6runt,  adulationis  hunc  rumorem  ad- 
cusare  videntur.  Doctrina  tamen,  ingenio,  atque  ceteris 
dotibus  animi  abundS  Te  instructum  et  ornatiim  ad  Shake- 
spear  I  Fabulas  inlustrandas  accedere  probe*  sentio,  ex  tu6 
de  Divae  PAUPERTATIS  spelunca  eximio  Poematio, 
quod  non  stylum  vocemque  solum  Shakespearii  exprimit, 
sed  ipsummet  enthei  Poetae  Spiritum  feliciter  audacem 
undequaque  Spirat.  Contuli  enim  ad  unam  alteramve 
Shakespearii  fabulam,  quae  jam  olim  ab  ipso  Editae,  nescio 
qu6  vento  secundo  in  meas  delatae  sunt  Manus.  Haec 
ipsa  mirum  mihi  desiderium  totum  Shakespearium,  sed  a 
Te  recognitum,  habendi  implantarunt  in  Animum.  Quis 
enim  profundos  Shakespearii  Sensus  certius  nobis  exponere 
queat,  quam  qui  simile  sensu  a"  rebus  adficiatur?  Optime 
porro  factum,  quod  AEschylum  Anglic^  reddere  allaborasti, 


340  APPENDIX   C 

Poetam,  si  quid  intelligo,  res  concipiendi  verbisque  ex- 
primendi,  pingendique  more  Shakespearis  perquam  similem ; 
ita  ut  ingenii  quddam  Agnatione  inductum  Te  ad  veterem 
Tragoedum  vertendum  animum  adpulisse  mihi  persuadeam. 
Quod  plerique,  qui  huic  labori  manus  hactenus  admoverunt, 
operam  luserint,  potissimum  factum  credo,  quia  a  singulari 
illo  sensu,  quo  poetam  Graecum  res  adfecerunt,  nimium 
fuerunt  remoti  alieni.  Sed  et  linguam  tibi  vernaculam 
prae  ceteris,  quod  sciam,  ad  reddendum  AEschyli  ser- 
monem  .  .  .  am  esse,  certis  me  criteriis  cognovisse  puto. 
Quod  si  igitur  summum  mihi  oblec  . . .  mentum, . . .  dissimum 
ex  eorum  genere,  quibus  vitae  taedia  solari  soleo,  non  .  .  . 

Th de     optime,     quam    ocyssime*      exemplar     Shakes- 

spearii  tu  .  .  .  curabis.  Vicissim  plura  ad  Te  mittam 
exempla  Del  Parang  .  .  .  quern  nunc  integrum  accipies : 
nee  non  mittam,  si  non  displice  .  .  .  intellexero,  Apolo- 
giam  Oedipodis  Sophoclei,  simulque  Tractat  .  .  .  quo- 
rundam  doctorum  Italorum,  varii  ad  Graecanicae  Scena 
.  .  .  toriam  facientis  Argumenti,  Tibi  forte"  alicui  usui  futuros. 
.  .  .  cumque  autem  librorum  vel  literarum  aliquid  ad  Me 
perferri  .  .  .  Amstelodanum,  id  mea  sub  inscriptione  ad 
Viduam  Van  Kem  .  .  .  Et  Bartholomeum  van  den  Sand- 
heuvel  transfretari  cura,  q  .  .  .  porro  mittendum  lubenter 
suscipient.  Ego  caeterum  nihil  o  .  .  .  quae  ad  nominis 
tui  celebritatem,  cum  in  Germania,  turn  et  in  .  .  .  mul- 
toque  rerum  virorumque  usu  mihi  cognita  Italia^  augen- 
dam  formandamque  pertinere  videbantur.  Eo  enim  erga 
Te  animo  sum,  quo  erga  virum  honestissimum  eruditissi- 
mumque  esse  .  .  .  est.  Vale.  Tiguri  Helvetiorum  add. 
14  Aprilis  St.  N.  MDCCXXXIV. 

Ne  erres  in  Literarum  Inscriptione,  en  Tibi  earn  gallice* 
A  Jean  Jacques  Bodmer,  Professeur  en  Histoire  et  Politique, 
a  Zuric  dans  la  Suisse ;  recommande*  a  Messieurs  La  Veuve 
van  Kemena  et  Barthelmy  van  den  Sandheuvel  a  Amsterdam. 


APPENDIX   C  341 

Now  you  have  it,  Dear  Sir,  &  now  let  me  have  your  Advice. 
The  Gentleman's  Character,  I  am  a  Stranger  to :  but  I 
have  no  Reason  to  suspect  any  Thing  but  his  Judgment, 
in  expressing  Himself  wth  such  unmerited  Zeal  &  Com 
plaisance.  Shall  I  send  over  a  Sett  of  Shakespeare,  & 
trust  to  the  Returns?  I  mean,  of  Literature;  not  of  Com 
pliments.  I  shall  be  determin'd  by  your  Opinion,  as  I 
shall  be  proud  to  be  in  all  Cases,  as  long  as  I  can  subscribe 
myself 

yr.  most  affect6.  &  oblig'd  humble  Serv*. 
Wyan's  Court  Lew:  Theobald. 

24th  June  17  ...  [1735] 


Dear  Sir, 

I  have  delayed  some  few  Posts,  since  my  Return  from 
Kent,  (an  Expedition  y*  I  generally  take  ab*  y8.  Time  of 
the  Year)  to  reply  to  the  Favour  of  Your  Last  of  ye  17th 
Septr.,  because  I  was  desirous,  if  possible,  to  get  you  the 
pirated  2d  Volume  of  Mr.  Pope's  Poems  in  12mo.  But  the 
Trade,  I  find,  will  not  own  y*  it  is  to  be  procured  by  Them, 
or  y*  They  dare  to  meddle  wth  it  if  it  was.  I  have  been 
several  Times  at  Mr.  Vaillant's  ab*  ye  odd  Vol.  of  Monsr 
le  Clerc ;  &  he  has  promis'd  y*  the  Warehouse  Keeper  shall 
look  into  the  Wast ;  &  if  there  be  a  Volume  without  break 
ing  a  Sett  y*  the  Mistake  shall  be  rectified.  I  will  call  on 
him  again  next  Week,  to  keep  up  his  Memory  in  this  affair. 
—  You  desire  some  little  Account  of  Literary  News ;  but, 
I  am  afraid,  I  am  too  much  a  Recluse  to  be  able  to  furnish 
much.  Milton's  Paradise  Lost,  no  Doubt  you  have  heard, 
we  are  going  to  have  in  Greek  hexameters;  if  the  first 
Specimen  meets  wth  sufficient  Encouragement.  The  Be- 


342  APPENDIX   C 

ginning  of  next  Month  will  be  published  an  English  version 
of  Anacreon  &  Sappho,  with  the  Greek  Text  on  the  opposite 
Page,  by  one  Mr.  Addison.  To  say  the  Truth,  I  believe 
him  to  be  a  natural  Son  of  his  great  Namesake ;  &  I  think 
verily,  I  have  formerly  seen  him  at  y*  Gentleman's  Apart 
ments.  Another  Embryo,  y*  I  can  inform  you  of,  &  w^ 
will  make  its  Appearance  in  Febry  next,  is  a  new  version  of 
the  2d.  AEneis  of  Virgil,  wth  Notes  Philological  &  Critical : 
by  a  Relation  &  Namesake  of  Mine,  a  Doctor  of  Physick, 
at  a  i  Guinea  Subscription.  He  prints  it  on  fine  Royal 
Paper,  in  4to;  gives  us  a  Bust  of  Virgil  from  Augustini's 
Gemms,  &  as  he  divides  the  Book  into  4  Canto's,  we  shall 
have  4  more  Copper  Plates  alluding  to  the  Subject  of  each 
Division.  —  Perhaps,  You  may  not  have  heard,  y*  we  have 
been  complimented  on  Shakespeare  by  a  Journal  from 
Barbadoes.  If  you  have  not  seen  it,  I  will  transmit  one 
to  Mr.  Gyles,  together  wth.  a  Trifle  of  mine  wch.  I  have 
lately  printed,  The  Fatal  Secret,  a  Tragedy;  &  wch  I 
have  dedicated  to  Sr.  Robert  Walpole,  who  shews  me  all 
Kindnesses,  but  the  most  important  One;  I  mean  the 
Setting  me  in  some  comfortable  Certainty. 

As  to  Shakespeare's  Poems,  my  Design  is  by  no  means 
dropt,  only  deferr'd  to  Spring,  when  y1  &  AEschylus,  I 
hope  in  God,  shall  Both  appear;  &  an  Act  be  obtain'd  to 
preserve  the  Property  of  Them,  together  with  That  of  more 
valuable  Productions.  —  And,  as,  I  think,  I  mention'd  to 
You,  that  I  was  prepar'd  to  amend  &  account  for  above 
20  Thousand  passages  in  Hesychius,  I  am  labouring  hard 
to  draw  out  those  Stores,  that  they  may  not  be  quite  lost 
in  case  I  Myself  should  be  snatch'd  away.  It  is  very  odd, 
what  a  great  Number  of  Places  I  shall  be  able  to  set  right, 
y*  are  corrupt,  Both  by  Explanations  being  divided  from 
their  Themes ;  &  by  Themes,  as  mistakenly  sunk,  &  stand 
ing  as  Explanations  of  what  they  have,  indeed,  no  Reference 


APPENDIX   C  343 

to.     I  could  give  you  an  ample  Specimen;    but,  perhaps, 
you  trade  very  little  with  yt  Author. 

I  am, 

My  dear  Friend 

yr  most  affectionate 

Wyan's  Court.  obliged  humble  serv1. 

18  Octor.  1735.  Lew  :  Theobald. 


Wyan's  Court.  18  May  1736. 
Dear  Sir, 

I  reced  yours  of  the  4th  Instant,  &  should  have  reply'd 
to  it  the  next  Post,  but  that  I  was  willing  to  get  over  the 
surprize  its  Contents  gave  me.  It  is  now  retorted  upon 
Me,  that  You  gave  Me  your  Notes  with  a  Generosity  I 
could  not  complain  of.  I  thought  on  the  other  hand,  I 
had  not  only  confessed  the  obligation  in  private  but  to  the 
World.  But  why  am  I  told  that  I  had  all  the  Profit  of  my 
Edition?  I  am  sure,  I  never  dreamt  to  this  day,  but  that 
the  Assistance  of  my  Friends  were  design'd  gratuitous ;  &  if 
I  misunderstood  this  Point,  I  should  have  been  set  right 
by  some  Hints  before  "the  Publication.  I  used,  you  say, 
what  Notes,  I  thought  fit ;  &  the  remaining  Ones  are  your 
Property.  I  own  as  Editor,  I  believ'd  I  had  a  discretionary 
Power  of  picking  &  chusing  my  Materials ;  &  I  am  certain 
during  the  Affair,  you  conceded  this  Liberty  to  Me :  the 
remaining  Notes  (in  an  Epistolary  Correspondence)  being 
your  Property,  or  no,  is  a  piece  of  Casuistry  wch  I  shall  not 
dispute  upon.  Tho'  I  foresee,  They  are  now  to  be  turn'd 
upon  Me,  &  I  am  to  be  in  the  State  of  a  Country  conquered 
by  its  Auxiliaries,  yet  tho'  my  Bread  &  Reputation  de 
pended  upon  my  Compliance,  I  would  sacrifice  both  Re- 


344  APPENDIX    C 

gards  to  What  you  expect  from  Me,  &  endeavour  at  any 
Price  to  approve  Myself  Dear  Sir,  yr.  obliged  Friend  & 
very 

humble  Serv*. 

Lew:  Theobald. 


Dear  Sir, 

I  have  sent  to  M.  Gyles's  all  the  Letters  y*.  I  could  col 
lect  of  yours  in  my  Possession ;  &  digested  them  near  as  I 
could,  according  to  their  Dates.  As  you  revoke  any  per 
mission  I  may  imagine  that  I  have,  to  use,  or  publish,  any 
more  of  them ;  so  I  utterly  renounce  all  suppos'd  Priviledge ; 
&  as  I  am  preparing  to  throw  out  3  supplemental  Volumes 
to  Shakespeare,  on  the  old  Footing;  these,  I  presume,  I 
may  claim  an  equal  Title  of  Revoking.  The  sending  these 
Papers  has  neither  been  delay'd  thro'  neglect,  nor  Reluctance  : 
but  indeed,  for  Self  &  Friends  I  have  been  more  employed 
than  I  could  have  wish'd. 

I  am,  Sir 

Yr.  very  humble  servant 

Wyan's  Court.  Lew :  Theobald 

4th  Septr.  1736 


37  Tibbald's  Word  in  a  letter  to  me,  of  18  Novr.  1731, 
which  I  sent  him  at  his  desire  with  Many  others  —  "But 
Dear  Sir  will  you  at  your  leasure  hours  think  over  for  me 
upon  ye  contents,  Topicks  Order  &c  of  this  branch  of  my 
labour.  You  have  a  comprehensive  Memory,  &  a  happiness 

37  This  passage  is  written  on  a  scrap  of  paper  in  Warburton's  hand 
writing. 


APPENDIX   C  345 

of  digesting  the  Matter  joined  to  it,  which  my  head  is  often 
much  embarrass'd  to  perform :  let  that  be  the  Excuse  for 
my  inability,  but  How  unreasonable  is  it  to  expect  this 
when  it  is  the  only  Part  in  which  I  shall  not  be  able  to  be 
just  to  my  friend;  for  to  confess  .  .  .  assistance  will  I 
am  afraid  .  .  .  make  me  appear  too  naked. 


[To  the  Duke  of  Newcastle"] 

38  May  it  please  Your  Grace, 

You  were  so  good  some  few  Months  ago,  to  do  me  the 
great  Honour  of  subscribing  to  my  Edition  of  Shakespeare's 
Works.  The  Books,  my  Lord,  are  now  published;  and 
your  Grace's  Set  waits  Your  Commands  by  the  Bearer. 
I  presume  to  enclose  my  Receipt  for  your  Grace's  Second 
Subscription  Payment. 

Permit  me  with  the  most  profound  Respect  &  Gratitude, 
to  profess  myself, 

My  Lord, 

Your  Grace's  most  Obedient 

11th  March.  &  most  humble  Servant 

1740.  Lew:  Theobald. 

11th.  March,  1740 

Reced  then  of  his  Grace  the  Duke  of  Newcastle  three 
Guineas,  being  his  Grace's  second  Subscription  payment  in 
full  for  one  set  of  Shakespeare's  Works  in  Eight  Volumes 
with  Cuts,  publish' d  by  me 

Lew :  Theobald. 

18  British  Museum,  Add.  MSS.  32,  696,  ff.  217,  219. 


346 


APPENDIX   C 


[To  the  Duke  of  Newcastle"] 

89  May  it  please  your  Grace, 

I  have  had  such  repeated  Indulgence  from  your  Goodness 
upon  every  Application,  that  I  am  once  more  encouraged 
to  address  your  Grace  on  an  Emergency.  The  Situation 
of  my  Affairs  upon  a  Loss  &  Disappointment,  obliging  me 
to  embrace  a  Benefit  at  this  late  &  disadvantageous  Season, 
it  lays  me  under  a  Necessity  of  throwing  Myself  on  the 
Favour  of  the  Publick,  &  the  kind  Assistance  of  my  Friends 
&  Well-wishers.  If  your  Grace  can  be  so  good  to  honour 
me  with  your  Presence,  &  to  engage  a  few  of  your  noble 
Friends  in  my  Favour,  it  will  be  of  the  most  important 
Service  to  me,  &  fix  an  Obligation  that  shall  always  be  ac- 
knowledg'd  with  the  greatest  Humility  and  Gratitude,  by 
My  Lord, 

You  Grace's  most  dutifull  & 

Wyan's  Court  in  obedient  humble  Servant 

Great  Russell  street  Lew  :  Theobald. 

12th  May  1741 

»  British  Museum,  Add.  MSS.  32696,  f.  513. 


APPENDIX   D 
A  CHRONOLOGICAL  LIST  OF  THEOBALD'S  WORKS 

A  Pindaric  Ode  on  the  Union  of  Scotland  and  England,  1707. 
I  have  not  seen  this  poem.    See  Lounsbury,  p.  124. 

The  Life  and  Character  of  Marcus  Portius  Goto  Uticensis :  Col 
lected  from  the  Best  Ancient  Greek  and  Latin  Authors;  and  De 
signed  for  the  Readers  of  Cato,  a  Tragedy.  The  Second  Edition 
with  large  Additions.  London :  Printed  for  Bernard  Lintot,  Between 
the  Two  Temple-Gates  in  Fleetstreet.  MDCCXIII. 

Plato's  Dialogue  of  the  Immortality  of  the  Soul,  Translated  from 
the  Greek  by  Mr.  Theobald,  Author  of  the  life  of  Cato  Uticensis. 
London :  Printed  for  Bernard  Lintot  at  the  Cross-Keys  between  the 
Two  Temple-Gates  in  Fleet-street.  MDCCXIII. 

The  Mausoleum.  A  Poem.  Sacred  to  the  Memory  of  Her  Late 
Majesty  Queen  Anne.  Written  by  Mr.  Theobald.  London :  Printed 
for  Jonas  Brown,  at  the  Black  Swan  without  Temple-bar.  1714. 

Ajax  of  Sophocles.  Translated  from  the  Greek,  with  Notes.  Lon 
don.  Printed  for  Bernard  Lintott  at  the  Cross-Keys  between  the  Two 
Temple-Gates  in  Fleet-street.  1714. 

Probably  not  by  Theobald. 

A  Critical  Discourse  upon  the  Iliad  of  Homer ;  written  in  French 
by  Monsieur  de  la  Motte,  a  Member  of  the  French  Academy ;  and 
translated  into  English  by  Mr.  Theobald,  1714. 

Professor  Lounsbury  (p.  132)  comments  on  the  scarcity  of  this 
work.  A  copy  was  advertised  in  a  recent  catalogue  of  P.  J.  and 
A.  E.  Dobell  of  London. 


348  APPENDIX   D 

Electro, :  A  Tragedie.  Translated  from  Sophocles,  with  Notes. 
London :  Printed  for  Bernard  Lintott,  at  the  Cross-Keys  between  the 
two  Temple  Gates  in  Fleet-street,  1714. 

Oedipus  King  of  Thebes.  A  Tragedy.  Translated  from  Sophocles, 
with  Notes.  By  Mr.  Theobald.  London:  Printed  for  Bernard 
Lintott,  at  the  Cross-Keys  between  the  two  Temple  Gates  in  Fleet- 
street,  1715. 

The  Clouds.  A  Comedie.  Translated  from  the  Greek  of  Aris 
tophanes.  By  Mr.  Theobald :  Printed  for  Jonas  Brown  at  the  Black 
Swan  without  Temple-Bar.  MDCCXV. 

Plutus :  or  the  World's  Idol.  A  Comedie.  Translated  from  the 
Greek  of  Aristophanes.  By  Mr.  Theobald.  London :  Printed  for 
Jonas  Brown,  at  the  Black  Swan  without  Temple-Bar.  1715. 

Monsieur  Le  Clerc's  Observations  upon  Mr.  Addison's  Travels 
Through  Italy  etc.  Also  Some  Account  of  the  United  Provinces  of 
the  Netherlands;  chiefly  with  regard  to  their  Trade  and  Riches,  and 
a  Particular  Account  of  the  Bank  of  Amsterdam.  Done  from  the 
French  by  Mr.  Theobald.  London :  Printed  for  E.  Curll,  at  the  Dial 
and  Bible,  against  St.  Dunstan's  Church  in  Fleet-street,  1715. 

A  poem  written  on  the  recovery  of  the  Duke  of  Ormond  from  a  dan 
gerous  illness  (1715?) . 

I  have  found  no  trace  of  this  poem  but  Theobald  mentions  it 
in  his  dedication  of  the  Persian  Princess,  1715,  to  the  Duchess  of 
Ormond. 

The  Cave  of  Poverty.  A  Poem.  Written  in  Imitation  of  Shake 
speare.  By  Mr.  Theobald.  London:  Printed  for  Jonas  Brown 
at  the  Black  Swan  without  Temple-bar,  and  sold  by  J.  Roberts  at  the 
Oxford  Arms  in  Warwick-lane.  1715. 

A  Complete  Key  to  the  last  New  Farce  The  What  D'ye  Call  It. 
To  Which  is  prefixed  a  Hypercritical  Preface  on  the  Nature  of  Bur- 


APPENDIX   D  349 

lesque,  and  the  Poet's  Design.    London :   Printed  for  James  Roberts 
at  the  Oxford  Arms  in  Warwick-lane  1715. 

Ascribed  with  some  justification  to  Theobald  by  Pope. 

The  Persian  Princess,  or  The  Royal  Villain,  12mo,  1715,  4to 
1717. 

The  Perfidious  Brother,  A  Tragedy ;  As  it  is  Acted  at  the  New 
Theatre  in  Little  Lincoln' s-Inn-Fields.  By  Mr.  Theobald.  London: 
Printed  and  Sold  by  Jonas  Brown,  at  the  Black  Swan,  without  Temple- 
bar.  1715. 

A  Translation  of  the  First  Book  of  the  Odyssey,  with  Notes  by  Mr. 
Theobald,  1716. 

No  copy  seems  to  be  extant.  Pope  says  it  was  printed  in  1717, 
but  Nichols  says  it  appeared  in  November,  1716.  See  Lounsbury, 
pp.  132-133. 

The  Censor.  The  Second  Edition.  London:  Printed  for  Jonas 
Brown,  at  the  Black-Swan  without  Temple-Bar.  1717. 

Three  volumes  bound  in  one.  The  periodical  was.  a  tri-weekly 
and  ran  from  April  11  to  June  17,  1715,  suspended  publication  a 
while,  and  continued  from  January  1  to  May  30,  1717.  See  Brit. 
Mus.  239.  g.  11-13. 

Translations  from  Ovid's  Metamorphoses.     £1717?] 
I  have  discovered  no  trace  of  them.    See  Nichols,  Illustrations 
of  Literature,  vol.  2,  p.  708. 

Decius  and  Paulina,  a  Masque.    London :  1718. 

The  Entertainments  .  .  .  for  the  comic-dramatic  opera,  catted 
The  Lady's  Triumph.  London  1718. 

These  two  trifles  were  contributed  to  E.  Settle's  opera,  The 
Lady's  Triumph,  1718. 


350  APPENDIX   D 

Decius  and  Paulina,  a  masque.     To  which  are  added  the 
musical  entertainments  .  .  .  in  the  opera  of  Circe.    London  1719. 

The  entertainments  were  introduced  into  Charles  D'Avenant's 
Circe,  a  tragedy,  1677,  revived  in  1719. 

The  Death  of  Hannibal 

Never  acted  or  published.  See  G.  Jacob,  Poetical  Register,  vol. 
1,  p.  259. 

The  History  of  the  Loves  of  Antiochus  and  Stratonice;  in  which 
are  interspersed  some  Accounts  relating  to  Greece  and  Syria.  London. 
1719. 

Memoirs  of  Sir  Walter  Raleigh  ;  His  Life,  his  Military  and  Naval 
Exploits,  his  Preferments  and  Death;  In  which  are  Inserted  the 
Private  Intrigues  between  the  Count  of  Gondamore,  the  Spanish 
Ambassador,  and  the  Lord  Salisbury,  then  Secretary  of  State.  Writ 
ten  by  Mr.  Theobald.  London :  Printed  for  W.  Hears,  at  the  Lamb 
without  Temple-bar.  1719. 

The  Tragedy  of  King  Richard  the  II ;  As  it  is  acted  at  the  Theatre 
in  Lincoln' s-inn-fields.  Alter' d  from  Shakespear,  By  Mr.  Theobald. 
London.  1720. 

The  Grove ;  or  a  Collection  of  Original  Poems,  Translations,  etc. 
By  W.  Walsh,  Esq.,  Dr.  J.  Donne.  Mr.  Dryden.  Mr.  Hall  of 

Hereford,  The  Lady  E M ,  Mr.  Butler,  Author  of  Hudi- 

bras.  Mr.  Stepney,  Sir  John  Suckling,  Dr.  Kennick,  And  other 
Eminent  Hands.  London :  Printed  for  W.  Hears,  at  the  Lamb  with 
out  Temple-Bar.  1721. 

Theobald's  name  as  collector  appears  on  the  second  edition, 
1732.  The  miscellany  contains  his  translation  of  Hero  and  Leander 
and  a  few  short  poems. 

The  Gentleman's  Library,  containing  Rules  for  Conduct  in  all 
Parts  of  Life.  12mo.  1722. 

I  have  found  no  trace  or  mention  of  this  trifle  except  in  The- 


APPENDIX   D  351 

ophilus  Gibber's  Lives  of  the  Poets,  vol.  5,  p.  287,  where  it  is  attrib 
uted  to  Theobald. 

Harlequin  Sorcerer  with  the  Loves  of  Pluto  and  Proserpina,  1725. 

frhe  Rape  of  Proserpine,  1725. 

Apollo  and  Daphne,  or  the  Burgo-M  aster  Trick' d,  1726. 

SHAKESPEARE  restored:  or,  A  SPECIMEN  of  the  Many 
ERRORS  as  well  committed,  as  Unamended,  by  Mr.  POPE  In  his 
Late  EDITION  of  this  POET.  Designed  Not  only  to  correct  the 
said  EDITION,  but  to  restore  the  True  READING  of  SHAKE 
SPEARE  in  all  the  Editions  ever  yet  publish' d.  By  Mr.  THEOBALD. 

.  .  .  Laniatum  Corpore  toto 

Deiphobum  vidi  et  lacerum  crudeliter  Ora, 

Ora,  manusque  ambas,  .  .  . 

Virg. 

LONDON:  Printed  for  R.  FRANCKLIN  under  Tom's,  J.  WOOD 
MAN  and  D.  LYON  under  Will's,  C event-Garden,  and  C.  DAVIS 
in  Hatton-Garden.  MDCCXXVI. 

Second  Edition,  1740. 

London  Journal. 

A  letter  of  Theobald  communicated  to  the  issue  of  September  3, 
1726. 

Mist's  Journal. 

Letters  communicated  to  the  issues  of  March  16,  April  27, 
June  22,  1728. 

Daily  Journal. 

Letters  communicated  to  the  issues  of  November  26,  1728, 
April  17,  1729. 


352  APPENDIX   D 

The  Rival  Modes:  a  Comedy.  London:  1727  [James  Moore 
Smythe]. 

Theobald  wrote  the  prologue. 

Double  Falshood;  or,  The  Distrest  Lovers.  A  Play.  As  it  is 
Acted  at  the  Theatre-Royal  in  Drury-Lane.  Written  Originally 
by  W.  Shakespeare;  And  now  Revised  and  Adapted  to  the  Stage  By 
Mr.  Theobald,  the  Author  of  Shakespeare  Restor'd.  London: 
Printed  by  J.  Watts,  at  the  Printing-Office  in  Wild-Court  near  Lin 
coln's  Inn  Fields,  MDCCXXVIIL 

Authorship  uncertain. 

Second  Edition,  1728. 
Third  Edition,  1767. 

An  Essay  on  the  Art  of  a  Poet's  Sinking  in  Reputation ;  being  a 
Supplement  to  the  Art  of  Sinking  in  Poetry. 

Contributed  anonymously  to  Mist's  Journal,  March  30,  1728, 
and  attributed  by  Pope  to  Theobald.  There  is  some  reason  for 
considering  the  ascription  correct. 

The  Works  of  Hesiod  Translated  from  the  Greek.  By  Mr.  Cooke. 
London:  MDCCXXVIIL 

Theobald  contributed  a  few  notes. 

The  Posthumous  Works  of  William  Wycherly  in  Prose  and  Verse. 
Published  from  his  Original  Manuscripts  by  Mr.  Theobald.  To 
Which  are  Prefixed  some  Memoirs  of  Mr.  Wycherly' s  Life  by  Major 
Peck.  2  pt.  London  1728. 

Perseus  and  Andromeda,  1730. 

Orestes :  A  Dramatic  Opera.  As  it  is  Acted  at  the  Theatre-Royal 
in  Lincoln 's-Inn  Fields.  Written  by  Mr.  Theobald.  London: 
Printed  for  John  Watts  at  the  Printing-Office  in  Wild-Court,  near 
Lincoln's  Inn  Fields.  MDCCXXXI. 


APPENDIX  D  353 

Miscellaneous  Observations  upon  Authors  Ancient  and  Modern. 
London:  MDCCXXXI.  2  vols.  ed.  J.  Jortin. 

Theobald  contributed  three  papers  to  the  first  volume  of  this 
periodical. 

An  Epistle  humbly  addressed  to  the  Right  Honorable  John,  Earl  of 
Orrery.  1732. 

A  Miscellany  on  Taste.    By  Mr.  Pope,  etc.    London :   1732. 
Ascribed  without  reason  to  Theobald.    Possibly  it  was  com 
piled  by  Concanen. 

I/  The  Works  of  Shakespeare :  in  seven  volumes.  Collated  with  the 
Oldest  Copies,  and  Corrected;  with  Notes  explanatory  and  Critical: 
By  Mr.  Theobald. 

I,  Decus,  i,  nostrum:    melioribus  utere  Fatis.     Virg. 
London:    Printed  for  A.  Bettesworth  and  C.  Hitch,  J.  Tonson,  F. 
Clay,  W.  Feales,  and  R.  Wellington.    MDCCXXXIII. 
The  edition  did  not  appear  until  January,  1734. 

The  Works  of  Shakespeare:  in  eight  volumes.  With  notes,  ex 
planatory,  and  critical,  by  Mr.  Theobald.  The  Second  Edition. 
H.  Lintott,  C.  Hitch,  J.  and  R.  Tonson  etc.  London  1740.  12°. 

</  The  Works  of  Shakespeare  .  .  .  With  Notes  by  Mr.  Theobald. 
The  Third  edition.  8  vol.  J.  &  P.  Knapton:  London,  1752.  12°. 

Another  edition,  1757.    8  vols.    8°. 
Another  edition,  1762.    8  vols.    8°. 

Another  edition.  Printed  verbatim  from  the  octavo  edition  1767. 
8  vols.  12°. 

Another  edition,  1772.     12  vols.     12°. 

Another  edition,  Printed  verbatim  from  the  octavo  edition.  1773. 
8  vols.  12°. 


354  APPENDIX  D 

Another  edition  [c.  1777].     12  vols.    8°. 

Macbeth  .  .  .  Edited  by  L.  Theobald.    Dublin.     1739. 

Merry  Wives  of  Windsor.  .  .  .  With  notes  explanatory  and  critical 
by  Mr.  Theobald.  Dublin.  1739. 

As  you  like  it.  A  Comedy ;  as  it  is  acted  at  the  Theatre-Royal  in 
Aungier-Street,  Dublin.  .  .  .  Collated  with  the  oldest  copies  and 
corrected,  by  Mr.  Theobald.  Dublin.  1741. 

The  Tempest.  .  .  .  urith  notes  by  L.Theobald.    London.     1755. 

Measure  for  Measure  .  .  .  Edited  by  L.  Theobald  [Edinburgh 
&  London]  1778. 

Much  ado  about  nothing  .  .  .  edited  by  L.  Theobald  [Edinburgh] 
1778. 

Much  ado  about  nothing  .  .  .  As  it  is  acted  at  the  Theatres  Royal 
in  Drury-Lane  and  Covent-Garden  .  .  .  London.  1778. 

Grub-street  Journal. 

Theobald  made  contributions  to  issues  of  June  6,  June  20,  1734. 

The  Vocal  Parts  of  an  Entertainment,  caWd  Merlin ;  or  The  Devil 
of  Stone  Henge  .  .  .  With  a  Preface  containing  a  succinct  Account 
of  Stone-Henge  and  Merlin.  Written  by  Mr.  Theobald.  .  .  .London: 
1734. 

The  Fatal  Secret.  A  Tragedy.  As  it  is  Acted  at  the  Theatre- 
Royal,  in  Covent-Garden.  By  Mr.  Theobald.  London:  Printed 
for  J.  Watts ;  And  Sold  by  W.  Feales  at  Rowe's  Head,  the  Corner  of 
Essex-Street  in  the  Strand.  MDCCXXXV. 

An  adaptation  of  Webster's  The  Duchess  of  Malfi. 


APPENDIX  D  355 

Orpheus  and  Eurydice,  An  Opera  As  it  is  Performed  at  the  Theatre 
Royal  In  Covent  Garden.  Set  to  Musick  by  Mr.  John  Frederick 
Lampe.  London  1739. 

The  Happy  Captive,  an  English  Opera,  In  Two  Comick  Scenes, 
Betwixt  Signor  Capaccio,  a  Director  from  the  Canary  Islands  ;  and 
Signora  Dorinna,  a  Virtuosa.  London  1741. 

The  Works  of  Mr.  Francis  Beaumont,  and  Mr.  John  Fletcher 
In  ten  Volumes.  Collated  with  all  the  former  Editions,  and  Cor 
rected.  With  Notes  Critical  and  Explanatory.  By  the  late  Mr. 
Theobald,  Mr.  Seward,  and  Mr.  Sympson  of  Gainsborough.  London  : 
Printed  for  J.  and  R.  Tonson  and  S.  Draper,  in  the  Strand.  1750. 

Theobald  edited  the  entire  first  volume,  the  second  to  page 
233,  and  the  third  to  page  69. 

The  Works  of  Ben  Jonson.  In  Seven  Volumes.  Collated  with 
All  former  Editions  and  Corrected;  with  Notes  Critical  and  Ex 
planatory.  By  Peter  Whalley,  Late  Fellow  of  St.  John's  College  in 
Oxford.  London.  MDCCLVI. 

Whalley  used  Theobald's  copies  with  marginal  corrections, 
and  adopted  some. 


HpoprjOtvs  ACOT/XOT^S,  Aeschyli  Prometheus  Vinctus  ad 
fidem  manuscriporum  emendavit.  Notas  et  Glossarium  adjecit. 
Carolus  Jacobus  Bloomfield.  Edition  Tertia.  1819. 

Bloomfield  made  use  of  some  of  Theobald's  notes  written  on  the 
margin  of  the  latter  's  copy  of  Stanley's  edition. 


INDEX 


Addison,  Joseph,  6,  13,  17,  109, 

110,  170,  235,  236,  342 
Aeneid,  40,  57,  342 
Aeschylus,  3,  4,  5,  7,  11,  15,  20, 

67,    117,    130,    134,    151,    152, 

196,   197,   199,  201,  202,  203, 

325,  330,   331,  332,   334,   339, 

340,  342 
Ajax,  6,  7,  130 
Anacreon,  199,  342 
An  Author  to  Let,  135 
Andronicus,  186 
Answer  to  the  many  Plain  and 

Notorious  Lyes,  28 
Antigone,  6,  7 
Antiochus,  11 
Antiquities  and  History  of  Ireland, 

195 

Apollo  and  Daphne,  26 
Arbuthnot,  John,  57,  130 
Argyle,  Duke  of,  9 
Ariosto,  243 
Aristophanes,   4,   8,    10,    12,   34, 

151,  199,  276 
Aristotle,  68,  268 
Arnobius,  301,  306 
As  You  Like  It,  65,  188,  189,  262 
Athenaeus,  82,  152,  199 
Atterbury,  Francis,  53 

Bacon,  Francis,  237 
Baker,  Thomas,  193 
Barnes,  Joshua,  34,  46 


Bartholomew  Fair,  186 

Bathos,  29,  108,  111,  113,  114,  275 

Battle  of  the  Books,  254 

Beaumont  and  Fletcher,  95,  175, 
203,  212,  217,  218,  225,  245 

Bentley,  Richard,  17,  19,  20  32- 
43,  47,  51-53,  55,  57-60,  66, 
69-71,  78,  80-82,  84r-93,  98, 
99,  138,  141-146,  154,  168, 
169,  173,  174,  176,  177,  179, 
180,  182,  183,  190,  191,  193, 
195,  209,  219,  221,  235,  236, 
253,  256,  257,  269,  278,  299, 
305,  306,  307,  324 

Bentley,  Thomas,  193,  220 

Betterton,  Thomas,  102 

Bibliotheca,  55,  254,  255 

Biographica  Dramatica,  6 

Birch,  Thomas,  168,  212,  236, 
237,  243 

Bishop,  Harley,  220,  285 

Blackmore,  Richard,  109 

Bodmer,  Johann  Jacob,  14,  338, 
340 

Boiardo,  243 

Bolingbroke,  Viscount,  155 

Broome,  William,  64,  109,  138, 
149 

Brown,  Jonas,  115 

Caesar,  39,  67 
Callimachus,  34 
Camden,  William,  175 


358 


INDEX 


Canons  of  Criticism,  57 

Cardenna,  104 

Casaubon,  32,  34 

Cato,  2 

Cave  of  Poverty,  14,  16,  67,  130 

Caxton,  William,  175 

Censor,  3,  4,  11,  17,  49,  67,  68, 
70,  116,  133 

Cervantes,  104 

Chandos,  Duke  of,  149,  295,  298 

Chapman,  George,  175 

Charteris,  Francis,  272 

Chaucer,  Geoffrey,  95,  174,  175, 
177,  218,  231,  234,  238,  239, 
242 

Cheats  of  Scapin,  23 

Cheselden,  William,  316,  320 

Church,  Ralph,  222,  241-244 

Churchill,  Charles,  16 

Gibber,  Colley,  30,  193 

Cibber,  Theophilus,  193 

Cleland,  William,  130 

Clouds,  2,  9,  80 

Comedy  of  Errors,  176,  188 

Complete  Key  to  the  What  D'ye 
Call  It,  67 

Concanen,  Matthew,  97,  100,  101, 
111,  135,  136,  211,  275,  310, 
312 

Concanen  Club,  101,  136,  274 

Cooke,  Thomas,  101,  111,  118, 
123,  124,  128,  135,  136 

Coriolanus,  64,  107 

Cosmography,  178,  236 

Coxeter,  Thomas,  220,  247,  248, 
286 

Critical,  Historical,  and  Explana 
tory  Notes,  230 

Critical  Observations  on  Shake 
speare,  228 

Cupid  and  Bacchus,  23 


Cythereia,  110 

Dacier,  Anne  L.,  10 

Daily    Journal,    122,     134,    149, 

321 

Daniel,  Samuel,  175 
Davies,  John,  193 
Death  of  Hannibal,  23 
Dekker,  Thomas,  175 
Delawar,   Lady,    147,    151,    156- 

158,  266,  274 

Dell, ,  248 

Dennis,   John,   11,   17,   101,   110, 

111,  116,  117,  136 
De  Quincy,  Thomas,  35 
Dialogues  of  the  Dead,  257 
Discovery  of  a  London  Monster,  175 
Dissertation  upon  the  Epistles  of 

Phalaris,  33,  35,  37,  51,  69,  70, 

99,  178,  180,  219 
Dodington,  George,  102 
Dodsley,  Richard,  245,  247 
Don  Quixote,  102,  141 
Double    Falshood,    29,    102,    106, 

108,  112,  131), -131,  180,  187 
Downes,  John,  102 
Drayton,  Michael,  243 
Dryden,  John,  11,  84,  127,  263 
Duchess  of  Malfi,  152 
Dugdale,  Sir  William,  175 
Dunciad,  4,  6-9,  12,  16,  29,  101, 

103,   108,   111,     112,    114-118, 

120,     124,     126-128,     131-136, 

141,    145-148,    179,    180,    190, 

198,   201,   203,   250,   254,   255, 

259,  275 

Duncombe,  William,  119 
Durgen,  117,  118 

Electra,  3,  6,  7 
Ellis,  Rev.,  2 


INDEX 


359 


Epistle,  155 

Epistle  to  Dr.  Arbuthnot,  141 

Epistle  to  Mill,   33,   36,   39,   71, 

219,  269 
Epistola  Critica  (Markland's)  47, 

93 

Erasmus,  31,  34 
Essay  on  Man,  141 
Essay  on  the  Art  of  a  Poet's  Sinking 

in  Reputation,  113,  128 
Essay  upon  Mr.  Pope's  Judgment, 

148 

Euripides,  7,  43,  68,  333 
Eustathius,  43,  149,  152,  199 
Every  Man  in  his  Humour,  185 

Faerie  Queene,  218,  237,  241,  242 

Fairfax,  Edward,  242,  243 

Famous  Voyage,  311 

Farmer,  Richard,  104,  176,  251 

Fatal  Secret,  152 

Fenton,  Elijah,  218,  235,  236 

Fielding,  Henry,  9,   10,  25,   146, 

193 

Fletcher,  John,  102,  103,  106 
Folkes,  Martin,  220,  285 
Ford,  John,  175 
Fragment  of  a  Satire,    110,    114, 

139,  145 

Franklin,  Thomas,  12 
Friend,  John,  121,  193,  259 

Gay,  John,  17,  19,  118 

Garth,  Samuel,  11 

Geoffrey  of  Monmouth,  239,  242, 

243 

Gifford,  William,  104,  240,  248 
Gildon,  Charles,  109,  110,  176,  218 
Glanville,  John,  2,  9 
Goldsmith,  Oliver,  18 
Gottschedd,  Johann,  14 


Grafton,  Duke  of,  147 

Grey,  Zachary,  230,  233,  234,  250 

Grove,  3,  7,  11,  69 

Grub-street  Journal,  4,  9,  103,  136, 

140,   142,   159,   194,   200,   275, 

330,  333 

Hakluyt,  Richard,  175 

Hamlet,  64,  65,  67,  73,  79,  90,  91, 

93,  94,  112,  123,  188,  288,  313, 

315 

Hamner,  Thomas,  227 
Happy  Captive,  29 
Hardinge,  Nicholas,  193,  221 
Hare,  Francis,  40,  42,  48 
Harlequin-Horace,  137 
Harlequin  Sorcerer,  26 
Haywood,  Eliza,  115,  135 
Heath,  Benjamin,  231,  250 
Hecatomuthi,  281 
Henry  IV,  282 
Henry  V,  185 
Henry  VI,  186,  187 
Henry  VIII,  185. 
Hercules  Furens,  112 
Hero  and  Leander,  15,  69 
Hesiod,  15,  124,  125,  198,  332 
Hesychius,    199,    202,    203,    308, 

309,  332,  342 
Heywood,  Thomas,  175 
Hill,  John,  28,  29 
Historica  Danica,  123 
History  of  Cardenio,  104,  106 
History  of  the  Works  of  the  Learned, 

236 

Holinshed,  Raphael,  175,  189 
Homer,  5,  8,  15,  19,  149,  175,  332 
Horace,  5,  11,  37,  39,  41-44,  52, 

54-56,  58,  72,  75,  82,  84,  87, 

89,  90,  91,   93,    143,  145,  173, 

221,  256,  257,  308 


360 


INDEX 


Hudibras,  233,  234 

Hughes,  John,  6,  218,  237,  243, 

244 

Hume,  Patrick,  234,  236 
Humorous  Lieutenant,  95 
Hugo,  Victor,  68 
Kurd,  Richard,  146 

Iliad,  9,  19 
II  Penscroso,  169 

Inquiry    into     the     Learning     of 
Shakespeare,  228 

Jack  Drum's  Entertainment,  184 

Jackson, ,  6,  7 

Jacob,  Giles,  3,  6,  11,  115,  119 
Johnson,  Samuel,  12,  51,  134,  146, 

159,   169,   182,   188,   189,   226, 

227,  244,  249,  250,  252 
Jonson,  Ben,  169,  175,  186,  212, 

225,  239,  242,  245-247,  310 
Jortin,  John,  53,   141,   146,   198, 

199,  221,  235,   236,  237,  243, 

244,  329 

Judgment  of  Apollo,  119 
Junius  Brutus,  119 
Justin  Martyr,  39,  48,  58,  220 

ICennick,  Dr.,  11,  20 
Kenrick,  William,  188,  250 
King  John,  87,  174 
King,  William,  52,  256,  257 
Kyd,  Thomas,  175 

Lady's  Triumph,  26 
L' Allegro,  169 
Langbaine,.  Gerard,  189 
Lear,  90,  151 
Le  Clerc,  Jean,  13,  57 
Letter  Concerning  a  New  Edition, 
237 


Life  and  Character  of  Cato,  2,  30 
Life  and  Remarks  of  Zoilus,  18,  19 
Lintot,  Bernard,  2,  5,  6-8,  201, 

257 

Lollius,  23 
Locrine,  266 

Lodge,  Thomas,  175,  189 
London  Daily  Post,  212,  321 
London  Journal,  97,  100 
Love's  Labor's  Lost,  280,  310 
Loves  of  Mars  and  Venus,  23 
Lyddas,  195,  327 
Lydgate,  John,  175,  243 

Macbeth,  64,  76,   151,   177,   185, 

229,  309 

Mallet,  David,  145,  170 
Malone,  Edmond,  104 
Man  of  Taste,  337 
Markland,  Jeremiah,  40,  43,  58, 

329 

Marlowe,  Christopher,  175 
Marston,  John,  175 
Martial,  79,  82 
Martyn,  John,  136 
Massinger,  Philip,  104,  175,  245, 

247,  248,  249 
Mausoleum,  13,  17 
Mead,    Richard,    121,    193,    200, 

259,  286,  290,  328 
Mears,  William,  115 
Measure  for  Measure,  187 
Memoirs  of  Scriblerus,  141 
Memoirs  of  Sir  Walter  Raleigh,  20, 

23,30 

Menaechmi,  176,  189 
Menander,  47,  71,  324 
Merchant  of  Venice,  64 
Merlin,  26 
Merry  Wives  of  Windsor,  185,  278, 

282,  283,  308 


INDEX 


361 


Metamorphoses,  11, 16 
Middleton,  Conyers,  5,  202,  334 
Midsummer's  Night's  Dream,  86, 

207 

Miller,  James,  137,  337 
Milton,  John,  14,  50,  87,  142-145, 

168-170, 173,  195,  217,  221, 225, 

229,  234,   236,  237,  278,   299, 
300,  327 

Mirrour,  119 

Miscellaneous    Observations    upon 

Authors,  152,  198,  202 
Miscellanies    (Pope   and   Swift's) 

108,  113 

Miscellany  on  Taste,  149,  150 
Mist's  Journal,  106,  111,  113,  118, 

120,  122,  127,  128 
Moliere,  337 

Montague,  Lady  M.  W.,  193,  313 
Moore,  John,  275 
Moore-Smythe,  James,  101,  111, 

135,  136,  274 
Morell,  Thomas,  22 
Morris,  Bezaleel,  135 
Morte  D' Arthur,  239 
Mosley,  Humphrey,  104 
Mr.  Rich's  Answer,  28 
Much  Ado  About  Nothing,  87,  90, 

230,  260 
Muretus,  32 
Musaeus,  20 

Necromancer,  24 

Newcastle,  Duke  of,  212,  345,  346 

New  Memoirs  of  Milton,  227 

Newton,  Thomas,  235-237 

Niccoli,  32 

North's  Plutarch,  23,  167,  188 

Oldfield,  Mrs.  A.,  276 
Observations  on  Macbeth,  250 


Observations  on  the  Faerie  Queene, 

238 

Odyssey,  5,  8,  9,  19,  113 
Oedipus  Coloneus,  5 
Oedipus  Tyrannus,  3,  5,  6 
Of  False  Taste,  149,  294 
Of  Verbal  Criticism,  145,  170 
Oldisworth,  William,  256,  257 
Oldmixon,  John,  111 
On  the  Delicacy  of  Friendship,  146 
Orestes,  148,  151,  272 
Orpheus,  28 

Orpheus  and  Eurydice,  23,  27 
Orrery,  Earl  of   (Charles   Boyle) 

13,  36,  79,  178,  220,  298,  307 
Orrery,  Earl  of  (John  Boyle),  147, 

155, 159, 194, 198,  289,  298,  301, 

307,  312,  326,  327,  333 
Othello,  67,  68,  185,  288,  313 
Ovid,  13,  79 

Pan  and  Syrinx,  26 
Paradise  Lost,  235,  341 
Parnell,  Thomas,  18,  19 
Paterculus,    199,   210,   301,   306, 

307,  310,  317,  322,  325 
Pearce,   Zachary,   143,   198,  235, 

299 

Peck,  Francis,  227 
Pellet,  Thomas,  259 
Perfidious  Brother,  21,  130 
Pericles,  185,  272 
Perseus  and  Andromeda,  23,  26 
Persian  Princess,  2,  21,  130 
Phaedo,  2,  130 
Phaedrus,  48 
Pharsalia,  6,  12 
Philips,  Ambrose,  109 
Philoctetes,  5,  7 
Philemon,  47,  71 
Pindar,  15 


362 


INDEX 


Platonius,  199,  283 

Plutus,  9 

Poggio,  31 

Politian,  31 

Pope,  7,  8,  12,  16-18,  20,  29,  53, 
61,  63,  65,  66,  81,  86,  88,  93, 
94,  98,  103,  107-118,  120-122, 
124,  126,  128,  130-132,  134, 
136,  138,  146,  148-150,  154, 
157-160,  169,  171,  179,  180, 
182,  185,  186,  190,  191,  193, 
204,  205,  211,  215,  217-219, 
225-227,  237,  244,  250,  251, 
365,  275,  282,  284,  289,  295, 
306,  313,  324,  338,  339,  341 

Person,  Richard,  60,  146,  203 

Prevost, ,  323 

Prior,  Mathew,  237 

Promus  and  Cassandra,  187,  282 

Pulteney,  William,  109 

Raleigh,  Sir  Walter,  185,  242,  243 
Ralph,  James,  117,  118 
Rape  of  Lucrece,  325 
Rape  of  Proserpine,  24,  26 
Reed,  Isaac,  104 
Remarks  on  Macbeth,  231 
Remarks  on  Mr.  Pope's  Rape  of 

the  Lock,  116 
Remarks  on  the  Dunciad,  3,  116, 

238 

Remarks  on  Spenser's  Poems,  222 
Review    of   the    Text    of   Milton's 

Paradise  Lost,  143 
Rich,  John,  24-30,  66,  152,  298 
Richard  II,  22,  67 
Richardson,  Samuel,  193,  236 
Rival  Modes,  274 
Robortelli,  32 
Rockingham,  Earl  of,  1 
Romeo  and  Juliet,  112,  230 


Roome,  Edward,  111,  135,  136 
Rowe,   Nicholas,   6,   7,   62,    109, 

170,  217,  218,  225,  267 
Russel, ,  136 

Saint  Evremond,  52 

Savage,  Richard,  135,  136 

Sawney,  117 

Saxo  Grammaticus,  123,  187 

Scaliger,  Julius  Caesar,  32,  34,  36, 
308 

Select  Collection  of  Old  Plays, 
245 

Sermon  against  Adultery,  140 

Seven  Captains  against  Thebes,  3 

Seward,  Thomas,  212-214,  221, 
223,  245 

Sewell,  George,  20,  161 

Shaftesbury,  Earl  of  (Anthony 
Cooper),  53 

Shakespeare  Restored,  3,  4,  30,  47, 
64,  71,  72,  84,  85,  89,  91,  99, 
100,  107,  116,  118,  119,  123, 
128,  129,  132,  134,  138,  139, 
143,  149,  172,  175,  177,  178, 
183,  209,  219,  221,  222,  227, 
230,  231,  240,  252,  273,  276 

Shepherd's  Calendar,  244 

Shirley,  James,  104 

Sidney,  Philip,  242-243 

Skelton,  John,  231 

Sloane,  Sir  Hans,  5,  121,  193,  201, 
335  . 

Soliman  and  Perseda,  174 

Some  account  of  Horace's  Be 
haviour,  55,  254,  257 

Sondres,  Viscount,  2 

Sophocles,  5,  7,  8,  11,  12,  13,  20, 
68 

Spenser,  Edmund,  16,  95,  174, 
175,  218,  229,  234,  237-244 


INDEX 


363 


Stanley,  Thomas,  5,  201,  325,  332, 

334 

Statius,  42,  84,  199 
Stowe,  John,  175 
Suidas,  152,  199,  268 
Surrey,  Earl  of,  175 
Swift,   Jonathan,   115,   118,   137, 

196 
Sympson, ,  212,  213,  245 

Taylor,  John,  193,  198 

Taylor,  Robert,  278,  283,  293,  312, 

322 

Tempest,  107,  185,  207 
Theocritus,  11 
Thirlby,  Styvan,  48,  70,  141,  193, 

198,  220,  285 

Three  Destructions  of  Troy,  23,  107 
Tickell,  Thomas,  8 
Timon  of  Athens,  23,  107,  184,  262 
Titus  Andronicus,  90,  186,  187 
Tonson,     Jacob,     151,     15&-160, 

163,   212,   217,   218,   220,   235, 

265,  274,  277,  284,  290 
Trachiniae,  5 
Troilus  and  Cressida,  23,  64,  83, 

107,  175,  177,  188,  288 
Turnbull,  George,  146 
Tusculans,  39 
Twelfth  Night,  65 
Two  Epistles  to  Mr.  Pope,  137 
Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona,  65 
Two  Noble  Kinsmen,  186 
Tyrconnel,  Earl  of,  159,  305,  307, 

310 

Upton,  John,  193,  198,  222,  228, 
235,  237,  238,  240,  242,  244,  250 
Useful  Transactions,  257 

Vaillant,  Paul,  323,  337,  341 


Valla,  Laurentius,  32 

Vanderput,  P.,  295 

Venus  and  Adonis,  15,  325,  330 

Victorinus,  32 

Virgil,  79,  84,  93,  130,  313 

Virgilius  Restauratus,  57 

Voltaire,  119 

Walpole,  Robert,  147,  148,  198, 
310,  335,  336,  342 

Warburton,  William,  12,  43,  50, 
57,  101,  106,  107,  125,  134,  136, 
142,  144,  146-148,  150-154, 
156-158,  161-168,  170,  174, 
176,  182-184,  188,  193-197, 
200-204,  206-209,  211,  226, 
236,  249,  258,  259 

Warton,  Thomas,  238-240,  243, 
244,  251 

Wasse,  Joseph,  40,  198 

Weaver,  John,  23,  25 

Webster,  John,  175 

Welsted,  Leonard,  109,  135,  136, 
150,  295 

Whalley,  Peter,  222,  223,  228,  246, 
247 

What  D'ye  Call  It,  16,  19 

Wheler,  Sir  George,  199,  200, 
318,  319 

Whiston,  William,  336 

Winter's  Tale,  112 

Works  of  Ben  Jonson,  218 

Wotton,  William,  53 

Wyat,  Sir  Thomas,  175 

Wycherly,  William,  123 

Wynken  de  Worde,  107,  176,  188, 
239 

Yonge,  William,  319 
Young,  Edward  137,  193 
Young,  William,  9,  10 


COLUMBIA  UNIVERSITY  PRESS 

Columbia  University  in  the  City  of  New  York 


The  Press  was  incorporated  June  8,  1893,  to  promote  the  publi 
cation  of  the  results  of  original  research.  It  is  a  private  corporation, 
related  directly  to  Columbia  University  by  the  provisions  that  its 
Trustees  shall  be  officers  of  the  University  and  that  the  President  of 
Columbia  University  shall  be  President  of  the  Press. 


The  publications  of  the  Columbia  University  Press  include 
works  on  Biography,  History,  Economics,  Education,  Philosophy, 
Linguistics,  and  Literature,  and  the  following  series: 

Columbia  University  Contributions  to  Anthropology. 

Columbia  University  Biological  Series. 

Columbia  University  Studies  in  Cancer  and  Allied  Subjects. 

Columbia  University  Studies  in  Classical  Philology. 

Columbia  University  Studies  in  Comparative  Literature. 

Columbia  University  Studies  in  English. 

Columbia  University  Geological  Series. 

Columbia  University  Germanic  Studies. 

Columbia  University  Indo-Iranian  Series. 

Columbia  University  Contributions  to  Oriental  History  and 
Philology. 

Columbia  University  Oriental  Studies. 

Columbia  University  Studies  in  Romance  Philology  and  Liter 
ature. 

Records  of  Civilization:    Sources  and  Studies. 

Adams  Lectures.  Carpentier  Lectures. 

Julius  Beer  Lectures.  Hewitt  Lectures. 

Blumenthal  Lectures.  Jesup  Lectures. 

Catalogues  will  be  sent  free  on  application. 

LEMCKE  &  BUECHNER,  Agents 

30-32  East  2oth  St.,  NEW  YORK 


COLUMBIA    UNIVERSITY    PRESS 


STUDIES  IN  ENGLISH 

Joseph  Glanvill.     By  FERRIS  GREENSLET,  Ph.D.      Cloth,  12mo,  pp. 

xi  +  235.    Price,  $1.50  net. 
The  Elizabethan  Lyric.    By  JOHN  ERSKINE,  Ph.D.    Cloth,  12mo,  pp. 

xvi  +  344.    Price,  $1.50  net. 
Classical  Echoes  in  Tennyson.     By  WILFRED  P.   MUSTARD,  Ph.D. 

Cloth,  12mo,  pp.  xvi  +  164.     Price,  $1.25  net. 
Sir  Walter  Scott  as  a  Critic  of  Literature.     By  MARGARET  BALL,  Ph.D. 

Paper,  8vo,  pp.  x  +  188.    Price,  $1.00  net. 
The  Early  American  Novel.    By  LILLIE  DEMING  LOSHE,  Ph.D.     Paper, 

8vo,  pp.  vii  +  131.    Price,  $1.00  net. 
Studies  in  New  England  Transcendentalism.     By  HAROLD  C.  GOD- 

DARD,  Ph.D.    Paper,  8vo,  pp.  x  4-  217.    Price,  $1.00  net. 
A  Study  of  Shelley's  Drama  "  The  Cenci."    By  ERNEST  SUTHERLAND 

BATES,  Ph.D.    Paper,  8vo,  pp.  ix  +  103.     Price,  $1.00  net. 
Verse  Satire  in  England  before  the  Renaissance.    By  SAMUEL  MARION 

TUCKER,  Ph.D.     Paper,  8vo,  pp.  xi  +  245.    Price,  $1.00  net. 
The  Accusative  with  Infinitive  and  Some  Kindred  Constructions  in 

English.    By  JACOB  ZEITLIN,  Ph.D.     Paper,  8vo,  pp.  xi  +  177. 

Price,  $1.00  net. 
Government  Regulation  of   the  Elizabethan  Drama.    By  VIRGINIA 

CROCHERON  GILDERSLEEVE,  Ph.D.      Cloth,  8vo,  pp.  vii  +  259. 

Price,  $1.25  net. 
The  Stage  History  of  Shakespeare's  King  Richard  the  Third.    By 

ALICE  I.  PERRY  WOOD,  Ph.D.    Cloth,  8vo,  pp.  xi  +  186.    Price, 

$1.25  net. 
The   Shaksperian  Stage.     By  VICTOR  E.  ALBRIGHT,  Ph.D.     Cloth, 

8vo,  pp.  xii  +  194.     Illustrated.    Price,  $1.50  net. 
Thomas  Carlyle  as  a  Critic  of  Literature.     BY  FREDERIC  W.  ROE, 

Ph.D.    Cloth,  8vo,  pp.  xi  +  152.    Price,  $1.25  net. 
Leigh  Hunt's  Relations  with  Byron,  Shelley,  and  Keats.    By  BAR- 

NETTE  MILLER,  Ph.D.    Cloth,  8vo,  pp.  vii  +  169.    Price,  $1 .25  net. 
The  Authorship  of  Timon  of  Athens.    By  ERNEST  HUNTER  WRIGHT 

Ph.D.     Cloth,  8vo,  pp.  ix  +  104.     Price,  $1.25  net. 
English  Tragicomedy,  Its  Origin  and  History.    By  FRANK  H.  RISTINE, 

Ph.D.    Cloth,  8vo,  pp.  xv  +  247.    Price,  $1.50  net. 
John  Dennis.    His  Life  and  Criticism.    By  HARRY  G.  PAUL,  Ph.D. 

Cloth,  8vo,  pp.  viii  +  229.    Portrait.    Price,  $1.25  net. 
The  Rise  of  the  Novel  of  Manners.     By  CHARLOTTE  E.   MORGAN, 

Ph.D.     Cloth,  8vo,  pp.  ix  +  271.     Price,  $1.50  net. 
The  Political  Prophecy    in  England.      By  RUPERT  TAYLOR,  Ph.D. 

Cloth,  8vo,  pp.  xx  +  165.     Price,  $1.25  net. 
The  Middle  English  Penitential  Lyric.    By  FRANK  ALLEN  PATTERSON, 

Ph.D.     Cloth,  8vo,  pp.  ix  +  203.    Price,  $1.50  net. 
The  Soliloquies  of  Shakespeare.    By  MORRIS  LEROY  ARNOLD,  Ph.D. 

Cloth,  8vo,  pp.  x  +  177.    Price,  $1.25  net. 

LEMCKE  &  BUECHNER,  Agents 
30-32  East  2oth  Street  New  York 


COLUMBIA   UNIVERSITY   PRESS 

The  Exemplum  in  the  Early  Religious  and  Didactic  Literature  of  Eng 
land.  By  JOSEPH  ALBERT  MOSHER,  Ph.D.  Cloth,  8vo,  pp. 
xi+150.  Price,  $1.25  net. 

New  Poems  by  James  I.  of  England.  Edited  by  ALLAN  F.  WESTCOTT, 
Ph.D.  Cloth,  8vo,  pp.  xci  +  121.  Price,  $1.50  net. 

Thomas  Dekker.  A  Study.  By  MARY  LELAND  HUNT,  Ph.D.  Cloth, 
8vo,  pp.  xiii  +  212.  Price,  $1.25  net. 

Mathew  Carey.   Editor,  Author  and  Publisher.   By  EARL  L.  BRADSHER, 
Ph.D.    Cloth,  8vo,  pp.  xi  +  144.    Price,  $1.25  net. 
(This  series  is  continued  under  the  title  "  Studies  in  English  and 
Comparative  Literature  ") 


STUDIES   IN   COMPARATIVE   LITERATURE 

Romances  of  Roguery.  By  FRANK  WADLEIQH  CHANDLER,  Ph.D.  Part  I. 

The  Picaresque  Novel  in  Spain.   Cloth,  12mo,  pp.  ix  +  483.   Price. 

$2.00  net. 
A  History  of  Literary  Criticism  in  the  Renaissance.    By  JOEL  ELIAS 

SPINOARN,  Ph.D.    Second  edition,  revised  and  augmented.    Cloth, 

12mp,  pp.  xi  +  350.     Price,  $1.50  net. 
The  Italian  Renaissance  in  England.    Studies.    By  LEWIS  EINSTEIN, 

Ph.D.  Cloth,  12mo,  pp.  xvii  +  420.    Illustrated.    Price,  $1.50  net. 
Platonism  in  English  Poetry  of  the  Sixteenth  and  Seventeenth  Cen 
turies.     By  JOHN  SMITH  HARRISON,   Ph.D.      Cloth,   12mo,  pp. 

xi  +  235.    Price,  $2.00  net. 
Irish  Life  in  Irish  Fiction.      By  HORATIO    SHEAFE    KRANS,  Ph.D. 

Cloth,  12mo,  pp.  vii  4-  338.     Price,  $1.50  net. 
The   English  Heroic  Play.     By  LEWIS  NATHANIEL   CHASE,    Ph.D. 

Cloth,  12mo,  pp.  xii  +  250.    Price,  $2.00  net. 
The  Oriental   Tale    in    England   in    the    Eighteenth   Century.     By 

MARTHA  PIKE  CONANT,  Ph.D.     Cloth,   12mo,    pp.    xxvi  +  312. 

Price,  $2.00  net. 
The  French  Influence  in  English  Literature.     By  ALFRED  HORATIO 

UPHAM,  Ph.D.    Cloth,  12mo,  pp.  ix  +  560.    Price,  $2.00  net. 
The  Influence  of  Moliere  on  Restoration  Comedy.     By  DUDLEY  H. 

MILES,  Ph.D.    Cloth,  12mo,  pp.  xi  +  272.    Price,  $1.50  net. 
The  Greek  Romances  in  Elizabethan  Prose  Fiction.    By  SAMUEL 

LEE  WOLFF,  Ph.D.    Cloth,  12mo,  pp.  ix  +  529.    Price,  $2.00  net. 
Idylls  of  Fishermen.    BY  HENRY  MARION  HALL,  Ph.D.    Cloth,  12mo, 

pp.  xiii  +  220.    Price,  $1.50  net. 


ENGLISH   AND   COMPARATIVE  LITERATURE 

Uniformly  bound,  12mo,  cloth. 
Lord  Byron  as  a  Satirist  hi  Verse.    By  CLAUDE  M.  FUESS,  Ph.D. 

Pp.  xi  +  228.     Price,  $1.25  net. 
Spenser's    "  Shepherd's    Calender "    in    Relation    to    Contemporary 

Affairs.    By  JAMES  JACKSON  HIGGINSON,  Ph.D.     Pp.   xiii  +  364. 

Price,  $1.50  net. 

LEMCKE  &  BUECHNER,  Agents 
30-32  East  2oth  Street  New  York 


COLUMBIA    UNIVERSITY    PRESS 

The  Commedia  delPArte.     A  Study  in  Italian  Popular  Comedy.     By 

WINIFRED  SMITH,  Ph.D.  Pp.  xv  +  290.  Illustrated.  Price,  $2.00  net. 
Literary  Influences  in  Colonial  Newspapers,  1704-1760.     By  ELIZABETH 

CHRISTINE  COOK,  Ph.D.     Pp.  xi  +  279.     Price,  $1.50  net. 
Learned  Societies  and  English  Literary  Scholarship  in  Great  Britain 

and  the  United  States.     By  HARRISON  R.  STEEVES,  Ph.D.     Pp. 

xiv  +  245.     Price,  $1.50  net. 
Aaron    Hill.    Poet,  Dramatist,  Projector.     By  DOROTHY  BREWSTER, 

Ph.D.     Pp.  xiii  +  300.     Portrait.     Price,  $1.50  net. 
Chaucer  and  the  Roman  de  la  Rose.     By  DEAN  SPRUILL  FANSLER, 

Ph.D.     Pp.  xi  +  269.     Price,  $1.50  net. 
Gnomic  Poetry  in  Anglo-Saxon.     By  BLANCHE   COLTON  WILLIAMS, 

Ph.D.     Pp.  xiii  +  171.     Frontispiece.     Price,  $1.50  net. 
The  Relations  of   Shirley's  Plays  to  the  Elizabethan  Drama.     By 

ROBERT  S.  FORSYTHE,  Ph.D.     Pp.  xiv  +  483.     Price,  $2.00  net. 
The  Ballade.     By  HELEN   LOUISE    COHEN,   Ph.D.      Pp.   xix  +  397. 

Price,  $1.75  net. 
The  Life  and  Romances  of  Mrs.  Eliza  Haywood.     By  GEORGE  F. 

WHICHER,  Ph.D.     Pp.  xi  +  210.     Price,  $1.50  net. 
Disguise  Plots  in  Elizabethan  Drama.     By  VICTOR  O.  FREEBURQ, 

Ph.D.     Pp.  xi  +  241.     Price,  $1.50  net. 
Robert  Greene.      By  JOHN  CLARK  JORDAN,  Ph.D.      Pp.  xi  +  231. 

Price,  $1.50  net. 
Froissart  and  the  English  Chronicle  Play.     By  ROBERT  M.   SMITH, 

Ph.D.     Pp.  xiii  +  165.     Price,  $1.50  net. 
MaryAstell.     By  FLORENCE  M.  SMITH,  Ph.D.     Pp.  ix  +  193.     Price, 

$1.50  net. 
St.  Jean  de  Crevecoeur.     By  JULIA  POST  MITCHELL,   Ph.D.     Pp. 

xvii  +  362.     Price,  $1.50  net. 
American    Literature    in    Spain.     By   JOHN    DELANCEY    FERGUSON, 

Ph.D.  Pp.  viii  +  267.     Price,  $1.50  net. 
The  Rhythm  of  Prose.     By  WILLIAM  MORRISON  PATTERSON,  Ph.D. 

Second  Edition.     Pp.  xxiii  +  193.     Price,  $1.50  net. 
English    Domestic    Relations,    1487-1663.      By    CHILTON     LATHAM 

POWELL,  Ph.D.     Pp.  xii  +  274.     Price,  $1.50  net. 
The  Mystic  Vision  in  the  Grail  Legend  and  hi  the  Divine  Comedy. 

By  LIZETTE  ANDREWS  FISHER,  Ph.D.     Pp.  xi  +  148.    Illustrated. 

Price,  $1.50  net. 
The  Early  Life  of  Robert  Southey,  1774-1803.    By  WILLIAM  HALLER, 

Ph.D.     Pp.  xi  +  353.     Price,  $1.75  net. 
English  Translations  from  the  Greek.    A  Bibliographical  Survey.     By 

FINLEY  M.  K.  F9STER,  Ph.D.     Pp.  xxix  +  146.     Price,  $1.50  net. 
Lewis  Theobald.     His  Contribution  to  English   Scholarship.    With 

some  Unpublished  Letters.     By  RICHARD  FOSTER  JONES,  PH.D. 

Pp.  xi  +  363.     Price,  $2.00  net. 

Vergil  and  the  English  Poets.  By  ELIZABETH  NITCHIE,  PH.D.  In  press. 
Dickens,  Reade,  and  Collins,  Sensation  Novelists.    By  WALTER  C. 

PHILLIPS,  PH.D.    In  press. 
A  Study  of  the  Newe  Metamorphosis,  Written  by  J.  M.,  Gent.,  1600. 

By  JOHN  HENRY  HOBART  LYON,  Pn.D.    In  press. 

LEMCKE  &  BUECHNER,  Agents 
30-32  East  2oth  Street  New  York 


PLEASE  DO  NOT  REMOVE 
CARDS  OR  SLIPS  FROM  THIS  POCKET 

UNIVERSITY  OF  TORONTO  LIBRARY 


PR  Jones,   Richard  Foster 

3729  Lewis  Theobald 

T5Z6 


