


Third Series, 
No. 5, Vor. Il. January, IQII. 


THE LIBRARY. 


THE LIBRARY OF PRINTED BOOKS 
IN WORCESTER CATHEDRAL. 


i) at present in the triforium of the seven 
5 p24! EXW eastern bays of the south aisle of the 
CH oO ‘nave. It is approached by a circular 
pei Zee stone staircase in the south-west turret 
of the south aisle of the nave. The original 
entrance to this staircase is from the cathedral 
itself. This is now blocked by a gas-meter. The 
present entrance was made, at some date not as yet 
ascertained, from the passage which leads from the 
north-west corner of the cloister towards the west 
end of the cathedral. 

This staircase leads by forty steps to the triforium 
of the two western, or late Norman, bays of the 
nave: this now serves as an ante-chamber to the 
library proper. It contains many carved stones 
removed in the recent restoration of the cathedral, 
and a few drawings and prints and plans relating to 
the history of the cathedral, which were placed 
here by the present librarian. The library itself is 
121 ft. long, and 19 ft. 2in. wide. It is lit by 
twelve square-headed windows in its south wall, 


II, B 











Ne ee ee ee ee eee Oe Tet 


—- 








2 THE LIBRARY OF PRINTED BOOKS 


looking over the cloisters. Of these the western- 
most has one light, the easternmost has three lights ; 
the remaining ten windows, lighting the five 
central bays of the library, have two lights each. 
The room had its roof raised in the last century, 
and it also shows traces of a partition which 
screened off 37 ft. at its western end. This is 
said to have been removed about the year 1866. 
The room has recently been partially lighted by 
electricity. 

The book-cases containing the older books cover 
the north, east, and west walls, and all the available 
space of the south wall in the easternmost and 
westernmost bays. They are roughly backed with 
oak or deal. There are also book-cases, containing 
modern books, standing out into the room from 
the spaces between the windows of the south wall; 
and four cases of shelves with locked doors, contain- 
ing muniments and the incunabula and a few 
selected books, occupying a similar position. 


THE THREE COLLECTIONS IN THE LIBRARY. 


The library now contains three distinét collec- 

tions : 

1. The valuable medieval MS. library of 277 
volumes, dating from the eleventh to the 
sixteenth century. These are in locked 
cupboards below the shelves against the 
north wall. 

2. The colleétion of printed books, numbering 
about 4,350, on the old shelves, catalogued 
A to Z, and about 1,200 in the shelves 











IN WORCESTER CATHEDRAL. 3 


subsequently added. This does not include 
some series of journals, quarterlies, etc. 

3. The muniments spoken of above, consisting 
of volumes of manuscripts, historical or 
financial; charters and indentures; rolls 
and accounts of officers of the convent, or 
bailiffs; correspondence; and manor or 
court rolls. These last are the property of 
the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, as they 
refer to property transferred to them in 
1859. The muniments were removed to 
the library from the Edgar ‘Tower, and for 
the first time were arranged and catalogued, 
in 1907. 


The first of these collections has been most care- 
fully catalogued and described by the Rev. J. K. 
Floyer, formerly a minor canon and librarian (1898- 
1903), in conjunétion with Mr. S. G. Hamilton, 
librarian of Hertford College, Oxford. This cata- 
logue was printed in 1903 as part of the Transa¢tions 
of the Worcestershire Historical Society. Mr. Floyer 
has given in the preface all the early history of 
the library, so far as it is known. The remaining 
copies of this valuable catalogue are deposited in 
the library on sale, the proceeds to be given from 
time to time to the treasurer of the Historical 
Society. 

The third of these collections has been very 
briefly described in the introduction to a paper on 
‘The Accounts of the Priory of Worcester,’ by 
the present librarian, printed in 1907 as part of the 
Transactions of the same Society. Parts of the 








4 THE LIBRARY OF PRINTED BOOKS 


catalogue also are printed in the Transa¢tions for 
1907 and 1909. 

It is the second of these colleétions alone, that ot 
the printed books, of which I propose to give a 
brief history. But a few words may be said of the 
earlier history of the library. 


ORIGIN OF THE LIBRARY. 


It is commonly said (Green, ‘ History of Wor- 
cester,’ vol. i., p. 79) that the first mention of 
the Worcester Cathedral Library is in Heming’s 
‘Chartulary,’ vol. i., pages 261-2. From this it is 
contended that “‘ Godiva, the wife of Leofric, Duke 
of Mercia, upon the death of her husband in 
1057, among other presents which she made to the 
Church of Worcester to obtain their consent that 
she should hold certain possessions during her life, 
which Leofric had promised to restore to the 
monks at his decease, gave them a library »—*‘ pro 
remedio anime ipsius et sue Bibliothecam in duabus 
partibus divisam.’ But the word ‘ Bibliotheca’ had 
become the common name for a Bible. (See 
Ducange ‘in Voc.’). Jerome, for example, says 
‘sacris Bibliothece codicibusabundamus.’ Maitland 
(‘ Dark Ages,’ p. 194) quotes from catalogues such 
entries as ‘Bibliotheca integra ubi continentur 
XXXII libri in uno volumine,’ and ‘ Bibliotheca 
dispersa in voluminibus XIV.’ Dugdale’s ‘ Monas- 
ticon’ tells us that in a.p. 780 King Offa gave 
to our Church certain manors ‘et bibliothecam 
optimam cum duabus armillis ex auro purissimo 
fabricatis.’ 











IN WORCESTER CATHEDRAL. 5 


Godiva, therefore, gave the monks, not a library, 
but a Bible in two volumes. That there was a 
library long before 1057 is made probable by the 
fragments of writings of Gregory, Jerome, Isidore 
and others, of the seventh, eighth, and ninth cen- 
turies, recently collected from the bindings of 
books of the thirteenth to the fifteenth centuries 
in the library, and placed in a case in the cathedral. 


THE EARLY MIGRATIONS OF THE LIBRARY. 


It is not, I think, now possible to trace all the 
removals of the books. Mr. Floyer, as the result 
of a careful examination of the earlier evidence, 
concludes that ‘the library from the twelfth to the 
end of the fourteenth century was housed chiefly 
in a room on an upper floor over the south aisle at 
the extreme west, and partly in aumbries in the 
cloisters’ (Introduction to Catalogue, p. xi.). This 
room is, of course, the triforium of the two western 
bays, now the ante-chamber of the library. 

In the last quarter of the fourteenth century the 
old Norman south side of the nave, with the 
exception of the two western bays, was pulled 
down, and replaced by the present perpendicular 
arcade and aisle and triforium. This probably 
necessitated a removal of the books. In the 
‘Chronologia Aédificiorum’ (A. XII. f. 77. b), 
under date 1377, we read, ‘ Hoc anno sacrista qui 
supra (Joh. Lyndsey) fecit voltam in navi ecclesie. 
Eodem anno mense Augusti novum dormitorium 
cum leétis, thesauraria ac libraria sub fratre Willelmo 
Power consummatum.’ 





oe ee 





: 





6 THE LIBRARY OF PRINTED BOOKS 


What and where was this library? Noake 
(‘Cath. and Mon.,’ p. 410) thinks that this old 
library was either a building over the cloister 
passage, or against the outside of the west cloister. 
There are, however, no traces of a room over the 
cloister passage, such as might be expected in the 
outer wall of the triforium had a room been built 
against it. There may have been a room against 
the wall of the west cloister; but there is no clear 
proof of it. It seems, however, to be implied that 
there was a library other than the triforium of the 
nave. 

In the volume of Compotus Rolls of our Priory, 
printed by Mr. S. G. Hamilton in the Transaétions 
of the Worcestershire Historical Society for 1909, 
p. 18, we have, in the accounts of William Power, 
Cellerarius, 1376-7 (C. 69), some entries that may 
help to throw light on this question. For example, 
under the heading ‘ Custus domorum intra foras et 
extra,’ we have the items: 

‘In 2000 tegulis emptis pro domo librarii. In 
emendatione fenestrarum vitrearum in refe¢toria et 
misericordia. 6s. 8d.’; and on p. 21, ‘In repagulis 
factis pro fenestris librarie et thesaurarie ac verti- 
vellis et hamis pro eisdem. 11d.’ An examination 
of the rest of the twenty-three cellarers’ rolls of the 
fourteenth century, which still survive in our col- 
lection, may bring further facts to light. They are 
very difficult to read, and the parts of the roll 
which contain the ‘Custus domorum’ have 
suffered specially. In the account, for example, 
of Robert Stanes, precentor, 1384-5 (C. 364), 
published in the same volume, we have the entry: 

















IN WORCESTER CATHEDRAL. 7 


‘Item in diversis libris de novo ligandis et emend- 
andis viz. albo et rubro coriis—pro prediétis libris 
3s. 4d.” And in his inventory there is an item: 
‘1 cultellum ad planandos libros ligatos cum aliis 
diversis parvis instrumentis.’ But this entry pro- 
bably refers only to service books, which would be 
in the care of the precentor. 

As far as I can see, the position of the library at 
the end of the fourteenth century must be regarded 
as not known. The tradition in Noake’s time is per- 
haps worth recording, that ‘ the doorway which led 
up tothis library is said to be that in the west cloister, 
near the large door of the dormitory, and north of 
it.” See Plan in Thomas’s ‘ Worcester Cathedral.’ 

Green tells us (vol. i., p. 79) that ‘it was not till 
the prelacy of Bishop Carpenter that a regular 
establishment of a library appears to have taken 
place for the use of the convent. In 1461, 
June 24, that prelate erected a library in the charnel 
house adjoining to his cathedral; and Jan. 24 
following endowed it to the value of ten pounds 
per annum for a library keeper. This event in the 
Register of that Bishop is dated as above; see 
vol. i., p. 175. But in Abingdon’s account of the 
charnel house he has placed the same occurrence 
A.D. 1459, 37 Hen. VI.’! 


* Mr. Floyer, to whom I sent this paper in MS., wrote me the 
following cepa | and suggestive note: ‘I came decidedly to 
the conclusion that Bishop Carpenter’s foundation of a library was 
quite distinét from the monastic library, and that they were never 
fused. Carpenter’s was a public library; and the books were 
always chained in public libraries, but, I think, never in a monastic 
library. Then, I think I remember some evidence that this 
library, in spite of its fine inception, never came into proper working. 





r 


<i isi: =i ae aa pe 


= ee 
oo 











| 
i 
| 
| 
| 
| 
| 
i 








8 THE LIBRARY OF PRINTED BOOKS 


The books in the monastic library would, of 
course, have been in the first instance manuscripts. 
But as time went on printed books would gradually 
be added. The only passage I have as yet come 
across in our records that alludes to any of these, is 
a record of a gift by Prior Moore, in A. xii. fol. 3: 
‘Item delyvered to the clyster Awmery speculum 
spiritualium ij’.”. The entry occurs in an inventory 
or list of the prior’s purchases of books for his own 
library. This is of such interest that I give the 
list complete in an Appendix. 


THE GROWTH OF THE LIBRARY AND ITS HISTORY 
TILL THE RESTORATION OF 1660. 


The main source of information for what next 
follows is the series of Aéts of Chapter, lately trans- 
ferred from the Edgar Tower to the library. I 
had made some progress in the study of these, and 
in making a collection of extracts, when I found 
in a locked cupboard in the library a manuscript 
volume, labelled on the back ‘ Statuta Bibliothece 
C.C.V.,’ in the handwriting of Mr. J. H. Hooper, 
chapter clerk, who was also librarian from 17th April, 
1880, to 1st January, 1898, nearly eighteen years. 
This manuscript volume consists of a series of 


Was not the foundation deed found wanting in 1513? and 
were not things very badly administered? My idea about this 
Carnaria was that it flourished very feebly, that the library part 
of it died, and that it was used simply as a choir school after- 
wards under the Master of the Chapel (cf Mackenzie Walcott’s 
Inventory of Worcester Cathedral, sixteenth century, from 
Harl. MS. 604, fol. 102). No books are now in the library which 
have any mark of having belonged there.’ 








IN WORCESTER CATHEDRAL. 9g 


extracts from the Chapter Orders, chronologically 
arranged, copied with great care from the minute 
books of the Chapter. More will be said later on 
of Mr. Hooper’s work as librarian. Here I will 
only say that I have verified many of his extracts, 
comparing them with mine, and I have found no 
errors and but few omissions. I think, therefore, 
we may regard this manuscript book as containing 
all, or nearly all, the Chapter Orders relating to 
the library. Some but not all of the following 
extracts are taken from Mr. Hooper’s volume. 

The first entry is under date 25th November, 
1611. ‘An Indenture of Covenant sealed to Mr. 
John Babington, Bishop Babington’s' son and heir, 
to employ the bookes given to the librairie by his 
father to the use of the Church and for ever fullie 
to preserve them.’ And on 16th December, 1611, 
‘A bond of Cli (£100) decreed to be sealed to and 
for John Babington, Esq., for performance’ of cove- 
nants concerning the safe keeping of the books in the 
library.’ Many of these books can be identified. 

In this year a ‘Great Bible of the New transla- 
tion’ was bought, probably for use in the cathedral, 
for 58s. (A.xxvi.). It does not appear in our 
catalogue. 

We may safely infer from these minutes that 
the library was at that time well cared for and 
progressing; and it is probable that our early 
printed books of the fifteenth and sixteenth cen- 
turies had for the most part been acquired prior to 
this date. It may be that an examination of the 
individual books will reveal the names of some of 


* Gervase Babington, Bishop of Worcester, 1597-1610. 




















10 THE LIBRARY OF PRINTED BOOKS 


the early donors, or the dates of purchase by the 
library fund. There is no proof that I know of 
to show where these books were housed. 

On 25th November, 1623, is an entry of con- 
siderable interest: ‘A graunt to my Lord Keeper 
of such Manuscripts as wee have double in our 
librarie towards the furnishing of his librarie at 
Westminster.’ This was followed on 23rd February, 
1624, by the following Chapter Order : 

‘Whereas letters from his Majesty directed unto 
us under the Great Seale of England for all such 
dubble manuscripts as we have dubble in our 
librairie towards the furnishing of a librarie in the 
Church of Westminster newly erected or aug- 
mented by the nowe Lord Keeper Where uppon 
wee consented as by our Chapter Act bearing date 
the XXVth day of November 1623 doth appear 
Nowe wee whose names are subscribed by virtue 
of the said letters and consent of the Dean and 
Chapter as by a letter from Mr. Deane unto us of 
the Chapter bearing date the XXIInd day of January 
1624 have sent upp the said manuscripts unto Mr. 
Deane to London for the better conveying thereof, 
and to the said purpose appointed.’ 

Then follows a list of eighteen manuscript 
volumes, including ‘ Augustinus de civitate Dei’ 
and ‘ Gregorii Cura Pastoralis.’ The document is 
signed by Richardus Potter, Subdecanus, W. Barker- 
dale, Receiver, and Henry Bright. The last-named 
was doubtless the librarian, and also the learned 
head master, ‘celeberrimus gymnasiarcha,’ of the 
King’s Cathedral School, from 1591-1626, and for 
the last seven years a canon of the cathedral. His 























IN WORCESTER CATHEDRAL. 11 


monument is close to the north door of the cathe- 
dral. He died on 6th March, 1626. 

Such an interesting episode in the story of the 
library, as the gift, under letters from the king, of 
manuscripts to Westminster Abbey, is well worth 
recording, though it has no immediate reference 
to our printed books. 

In 1634 Archbishop Laud visited the cathedral. 
An account of his visitation may be seen in the 
‘Victoria County History,’ vol. ii, p. 62. One of 
his orders is ‘that the chapel called ‘‘ Capella Car- 
naria,” situate at the entry of your cathedral, now 
profaned and made a hay-barn, be restored and 
employed to the wonted use.’* The books must 
therefore have at this time been housed elsewhere 
than in the ‘ Capella.’ 

This chapel belonged to the dean and chapter, 
but ever since the dissolution of the monastery, 
that is for a hundred years, they had connived at 
its use by the bishop as a hay-barn. But at this 
time there was little love lost between the bishop 
and the chapter; and Laud’s orders gave the dean 
and chapter an admirable opportunity for annoying 
the bishop: and the incident throws some light on 
the situation of the library at that date. The next 
entry concerning the library in the Acts of Chapter 
is, therefore, of much interest. 


27th Oétober, 1636. ‘It is decreed that the 


t It had been leased to Bishop Whitgift in 1578 for twenty-one 
years at the rent of 6s. 8d., if the bishop should remain at Worces- 
ter. The lease was renewed in 1586 to Roger Folliott for forty 
years. This lease expired in 1626, and Bishop Thornborough 
(1617-41) used it as a hay-barn. 























12 THE LIBRARY OF PRINTED BOOKS 


Chappell called Capella Carnaria shall be fitted up 
for the Schole House, and that the Schole House 
that now is shall be converted into a Librairie, and 
a dore made thereinto out of the Cloyster; and that 
as soon as conveniently may be parte of the house 
which is now Dr. Steward’s shall be provided for 
the Schole master.’ 

What and where was the ‘Schole house that 
now is’? and which is the ‘dore thereinto out of 
the Cloyster’? The only passage in our muni- 
ments that I have met with that throws light on 
it is in A. xvi., p. 36, a document apparently of 
a few years’ later date, possibly written by. the 
Worcester historian Habingdon.' ‘Now of late 
they removed the famous grammar Schole which 
hath in this age byn equal with the best in England 
from the place which was once the Refectorie of 
the Monastery within the College of Worcester to 
this Chappell of the Charnel House which is 
without the Cathedral Church.’ 

This proves that the refectory was then the 
school, and that the door made in 1637 out of the 
cloister was the door near the east end of the south 
cloister. The door near the west end of that 
cloister is of much earlier date. 

The change of plan for school and library was 
made in 1637. The bishop, in obedience to Laud, 
delivered the hay-barn to Mr. Tomkins, the pre- 
bendary, who ‘ promised,’ as the bishop wrote to 
Laud, ‘that the same should be converted to 


* See Hist. MSS. Commission, 14th Report, Appendix, Part viii., 
p. 184. This document has been published in the Transactions of 
the Worcestershire Historical Society. 

















IN WORCESTER CATHEDRAL. 13 


prayers at six in the morning. But Mr. Tomkins 
removed all things of the spacious old School into 
this little chapel’: and, ‘as it was joining on to 
the Bishop’s Court,’ the bishop pleaded ‘that he 
should be much disquieted by the noise of the 
two hundred boys: besides which there will be 
more profanation by swearing and lying among 
the boys than when the hay was in it.’ 

The books were therefore ordered to be removed 
into ‘the Schole house that now is.’ But even if 
this order was carried out, they did not remain 
there long ; for the troubles of the Commonwealth 
are at hand, and in 1641 the school was moved 
back to the refectory. 

It may be noted here in passing that Dean Main- 
waring in 1635 ‘ preserved thousands of rolls lying 
in the tower, removing them from a damp stone 
wall, and from under a window where the rain 
beat inon them.’ ‘Vict. County History,’ ii., p. 63. 
This shows that the muniments and charters, then 
far more numerous than they are now, were in the 
Edgar Tower, and much neglected. 

So many of our books bear the name of John 
Prideaux that a word must now be said of him, as 
he belongs to this period. John Prideaux, the 
learned Regius Professor of Divinity at Oxford, 
was consecrated Bishop of Worcester in 1641, but 
within two years was deprived of his revenues for 
‘adhering to his Majesty at the time of the Civil 
War.’ The library possesses many of his books, 
but whether by gift, bequest, or purchase, I find 
no record. It is said that he lived at Bredon till 
1658, where he died in great poverty, selling his 




















14 THE LIBRARY OF PRINTED BOOKS 


books one by one to provide himself with food. 
Wood, in his ‘ Athenez Oxonienses,’ says: ‘He 
became at length verus he/luo librorum: for having 
first by indefatigable studies digested his excellent 
library with his mind, was after forced again to 
devour all his books with his teeth, turning them 
by a miraculous faith and patience into bread for 
himself and his children.’ 

To return now to the story of the library. 
During all the disturbances of the period of the 
Commonwealth, it seems probable that the books 
were taken up into the old library over the south 
aisle for safe custody. For in 1661-2 the library 
must have been there. Floyer notes that this is 
proved by the accounts for work done at that date. 
For some years after 1660 the necessary repairs to 
the cathedral after the frightful ravages of the 
Parliamentarians occupied the dean and chapter, 
and in particular its memorable treasurer, Mr. 
Barnabas Oley. There was no money to spare for 
books. On 17th Oétober, 1666, it was further 
ordered ‘that the office or place of keeping the 
library shall cease, and that no Salary, Stipend or 
Pension be henceforth allowed for the same.’ 


HISTORY FROM 1675 TO 1771. DR. HOPKINS. 


On 22nd March, 1675, William Hopkins was 
installed as a prebendary of the first stall in our 
cathedral; and for twenty-five years, till his death 
on 18th May, 1700, he devoted himself and his 
great abilities to the interests of the cathedral and 
its library. How great all his services were may 

















IN WORCESTER CATHEDRAL. 15 


be seen in the preface to a published volume of 
his sermons, written as a memoir by his former 
friend and colleague, the learned Dr. George 
Hickes,' now in our library (S.H. 18), from 
which preface the following details are gathered 
and extracts made. It is well worth reading in its 
entirety. Dr. Hickes relates Dr. Hopkins’ great 
services in assisting him to manage the revenues, 
and administer the government and discipline of 
the church, the chapter, and the school in those 
very difficult days. ‘ He was particularly esteemed,’ 
the dean writes, ‘by Mr. Barnabas Oley, the 
Senior Prebendary of venerable memory ; and it is 
no small honour for His to have it known that 
he had the Love and Reverence and Praise of that 
Saint-like Man.’ 

Here I must confine myself to what he did for 
the library, by quoting from Hickes’s Preface, 
pp. XXii.-XXiv. : 


He endeavoured to promote both human and divine 
knowledge. Of this he hath left a proof, and as it were 
a monument in the Church of Worcester; I mean the 
Library there, which by his solicitation was removed from 
an inconvenient Place over the South-Isle of the Church 
into the Chapter-House, a large, beautiful, lightsome and 
spacious Room, of easier access to the infirm, and much 
safer for tender Constitutions to spend their Time in.? 


* Dr. Hickes was Dean of Worcester, 1683-91, and then was 
deprived as a non-juror. He was a man of vast learning and 
industry. He died 1715. 

? It appears, however, from the Acta Capituli for 1671 that in 
that year the chapter resolved that the fines were to be expended 
towards the fitting of the Chapter House for the use of a library. 
The removal had, therefore, been decided on before Dr. Hopkins 
became canon. 

















16 THE LIBRARY OF PRINTED BOOKS 


After the translation of it to that Place, he endeavoured 
by all means to increase its Stock ; and, to that end, with 
the Dean and Chapter, found ways of raising a constant 
Supply of Money to buy good Books of all Sorts. He 
was also wont all my Time to beg Money for it; and by 
his acquaintance with London-Merchants, procured books 
which were rare in England, at easie Rates from Italy, 
Spain, and France: which so offended our good Friend 
Mr. Robert Scot of Little Britain, that he was very angry 
with us, and in his Passion told me he would complain 
to the King, whose Bookseller he had the Honour to be. 
I take this occasion to mention that good and worthy 
Man for his Honour, who for about twenty Years, in 
many hazardous voyages successively, brought more good 
Books and Learning with them from foreign Parts into 
England, than perhaps all the English Booksellers for the 
last hundred Years. But to return to my dear Friend’s 
Mistress, the Library of the Church of Worcester. 

A little before I left the place, we had procured a 
fine collection of the Bibliothecarian Writers of several 
countries with which he was much pleased, and I suppose 
never left off till he completed them; and as for the 
Works of the Greek Fathers, as I remember, they were 
all in that Library excepting those of Cyril of Alexandria, 
which I suppose are since procured.‘ He also took par- 
ticular care to stock the Library with Writers of the 
Middle Ages, and I doubt not but that by this time 
(1708) if the same care of it hath been continued, it may 
pass after the publick Libraries in our two famous 
Universities, for one of the best furnished with printed 
Books, as it was with MSS. and ancient Charters before 
the great Rebellion. And as in his life time he took 
particular care to furnish and adorn it, so in his last Will 
and Testament, besides other charitable Legacies, he gave 
Ten pounds to buy books for it, thereby testifying how 
much he desired the Riches of it should always increase. 


* They were soon added. 





PUBLIC LIBRARY, 


No! ww” 


: &TROIT ae ee 
IN ‘WORCESTER CATHEDRAL. 17 


It is plain from this extract that the library 
owes much to Dean Hickes, and even more to 
Prebendary William Hopkins, who deserves, as 
we shall find, to rank as its greatest benefactor. 

Dr. Hopkins’ influence begins, in faét, to show 
itself immediately in the care and augmentation 
of the library : and from the date of his appoint- 
ment we have another source of information 
as to the library available, besides the Acts of 
Chapter—I mean the manuscript catalogue of gifts 
to the library. It will perhaps be best for me 
now to describe this catalogue of gifts, and then 
return to such history as may be gleaned from the 
Aéts of Chapter; and finally to describe the 
formation of our existing catalogue. 

Dr. Hopkins began by providing a large quarto 
volume in parchment, strongly bound, with metal 
clasps and corner guards. That book begins as 
follows : 

‘The Names of the Benefactors contributing 
towards furnishing the Library of the Cathedral 
Church of Worcester a.pv. 1675. The Right 
Reverend Father in God Walter, Bishop of Wor- 
cester gave these books following’: and then 
follows a list of forty-one books in all, beginning 
with ‘ Josephi Opera Graeco-Latina.’ One of the 
books is ‘ Breviarium Romanum,’ vol. ii., against 
which is a note in a contemporary hand, ‘ never 
brought intp the library.’ 

Then follow the names of the Dean, William 
Thomas, and of certain of the prebendaries, Mr. 
Barnabas Oley, Mr. Edward Reynolds, Mr. William 
Thornburgh, Mr. Henry Gresley, Mr. William 


Il. Cc 





18 THE LIBRARY OF PRINTED BOOKS 


Hopkins, and Dr. George Benson, and the lists 
of the books or money they gave. The lists of 
Hopkins and Benson were very long. Benson was 
also Dean of Hereford, and in his list of books is 
‘ Breviarium Secundum usum Hereford,’ the rarest, 
I believe, of the printed books in our library. 

Then follow gifts of money or of books from 
Sir Henry Littleton, Bart., the Lady Mary Stan- 
hope, and others. Thomas Lord Foliott gave many 
volumes. Thomas Vernon, principal registrar of 
this diocese, gave Sir Thomas More’s works and 
‘A fair gilt dish to collect the offerings at the 
altar.’ 

During Hopkins’ lifetime till the end of the 
seventeenth century the gifts to the library were 
large: but they continued on a considerable scale 
through the eighteenth century, especially from 
Bishops Lloyd and Stillingfleet and the prebendaries 
of the cathedral. The gifts are recorded in the same 
volume down to 16th January,!1869, the last entry 
being the ‘ Monastery and Cathedral of Worcester,’ 
by John Noake, presented by the author. 

Besides this manuscript list of gifts of money 
and books, there was another volume in manuscript 
started in 1835 of books lately added to the library, 
apparently purchased by a library fund. It starts 
with Facciolati’s Lexicon, two vols. (Z.B. 3, 4), 
and ends in 1843 with the Zurich Letters, thirty- 
six books in all. 

I will now return to the other source of informa- 
tion as to the library, the minutes of the Acts of 
Chapter, resuming this study at the date of the 
coming of Dr. Hopkins. 





IN WORCESTER CATHEDRAL. 19g 


On 23rd June, 1676, by a chapter order, ‘A 
Peticanon, Mr. R. Smith, is appointed to be keeper 
of the Library, his salary of £4 a year to be paid 
out of the fines till some better expedient be found. 
He shall take an exact survey of the books the 
first Monday in every month ; and once at every 
Midsummer Chapter and Audit the Library shall 
be visited by one of the Prebendaries.’ This 
rescinds the order of ten years before. Also it 
was ordered that every one should ‘subscribe 
before he be admitted to make use of the library.’ 
A scale of fees is established in 1681 to be paid to 
the treasurer for the use of the library on installation 
to any office. The dean was to pay £6 13s. 4d.; 
each prebendary £2; each schoolmaster, minor 
canon and lay clerk 1os.; every clerk presented to 
a living 13s. 4d., and every verger, sexton, bailiff, 
and other persons the sum of 6s. 8d. In 1682 the 
sub-dean is to be auditor and library keeper, but 
to give his fee of £4 to the deputy library keeper. 
In the following years, 1683-4-5-7, are orders by 
which the fees for interment, and for erecting 
monuments, and fines payable by the dean and 
prebendaries for curtailing their residence, be paid 
to the library, the dean paying {5, and each 
prebendary {2 ros. for each week’s failure. 

There does not appear to have been as yet a 
separate catalogue of the books. But there is on 
our shelves a copy of the Bodleian Catalogue of 
1674, two volumes, interleaved and bound in four 
volumes folio, in which are entered the names of 
books in our library. It is suggested by Mr. Beriah 
Botfield, in his ‘Notes on Cathedral Libraries,’ 





20 THE LIBRARY OF PRINTED BOOKS 


1849 (N.F. 17), ‘that this was formerly intended 
to supply the place of a catalogue.’ I am told 
that the Bodleian Catalogue was frequently so 
used. 

In 1699 there were fresh proofs of much care 
for the library. It is ordered ‘that the rooms 
over the North Porch and Jesus Chapel be fitted up 
for a Manuscript Library and an Evidence Room’; 
and ‘that the Treasurer do pay to Mr. Thwayts 
the sum of {10 towards the charges of printing 
the Charters of this Church.’ 

On 18th May in 1700, Mr. Hopkins died. 
‘ He was interred in the North part of the Cross- 
Isle of the Cathedral Church in a grave close by 
that of his first wife near the Door of his House, 
which opens into the Church.’ The epitaph on 
his gravestone is preserved by Hickes, and also by 
Browne Willis; but the stone is not now to be 
seen.’ A brass tablet now preserves his memory. 

In the following years there are orders made 
which indicate that the library was neglected. In 
1705 the salary to the librarian is suspended till 
the books are catalogued; in 1706-11-16, fresh 
regulations are made ; but little progress is appar- 
ently the result. 

In 1748 a crisis seems to have arisen in the 
condition of the school buildings; for on 1st 
October we have the order ‘that all the workmen 
now employed about the repairs of the college 
School be discharged and nothing more done till 


* The inscription is: * M S./Gulielmi Hopkins $.T.P./ecclesie 
Wigorniensis 24 annos Prebendarii/ qui obiit 18 die Maii, An. 
Salutis 1700/ztatis sua 53. 





IN WORCESTER CATHEDRAL. 21 


further order. Agreed that all the Canons here 
present do take a view of the room called the Old 
Library, and if they think it proper and suitable 
order it to be put in repair, and fitted up for the 
use of a School accordingly.’ 

The school therefore appears to have occupied 
the present library in the south triforium for a 
while, perhaps not for the first time. Green (I. 79) 
says that ‘the ancient parvis or School was kept in 
one of the rooms over the S. aisle.’ The dates 
carved in the walls of the library are as follows : 
Four of 1721 ; one of 1722; one of 1740; one of 
1746; two of 1748; one of 1774; one of 1808. 
These do not throw any very clear light on the 
occupation of the triforium by the school. 

A few years after this period the Dean and 
Chapter are much troubled by the misuse of the 
library by those who are permitted to use it. 
They ‘tear, rend, blot, erase, interline or write in 
the margin or vacant pages.’ They take out books 
without entering the fact; they lend books to 
others. All in future who use the library, not 
being members of the chapter, promise not to do 
these things, ‘sincerely and bona fide, upon the 
faith and honour of a Clergyman and a Gentleman.’ 
A deposit of the full value of the book must be 
made by everyone who is not ‘admitted to the 
library’: and the Dean and Chapter promise that 
they will not lend books, or the key of the library, 
and that they will observe all rules. 

It is noteworthy that in 1753 it is spoken of as 
still a ‘ public library,’ as it was in the fifteenth 
century. 








22 THE LIBRARY OF PRINTED BOOKS 


HISTORY FROM 1771-1873. MR. GRIFFIN’S WORK. 


In 1771, nearly a hundred years after Mr. 
Hopkins began his work on the library, a most 
industrious and able librarian appears in the person 
of the Rev. J. Griffin. We have still a large folio 
volume in which he has entered the titles of the 
books, preparatory to the formation of a classified 
catalogue.' Then follows his classification and 
shelf catalogue in two volumes folio manuscript. 
The titles of these deserve to be given in detail. 
It is this classification and arrangement which is 
maintained in the library to-day. Mr. Griffin died 
in 1813, having been headmaster of the cathedral 
school from 1778. 

The catalogue has as its title: ‘Catalogus / 
Librorum Impressorum / in / Bibliotheca / Collegii 
Cathedralis / Vigorniae. / volumen primum 
MDCCLXXX. / Volumen Secundum MDCCC- 
LXXXIII.’ 

These dates give some indication of the labour 
and time spent on the catalogue. 

Then follows a dedication: ‘Decano/admodum 
reverendo et Capitulo /Ecclesiz CathedralisV igorniae 
/ Catalogum / suae gratitudinis monumentum / et 
officii sibi demandati/rationem/humillime offert et 
dedicat Bibliothecarius.’ 

The following page gives the principle of the 
shelf arrangement : 


* 1st May, 1771. Catalogue of books in the Chapter House 
according to the order in which they are placed in their present 
classes, preparatory to a more complete catalogue and a new 
arrangement. 





IN WORCESTER CATHEDRAL. 23 


Index Titulorum 


Vol. 1™ ao 
Biblia - - - I-7 
Concordantiae et Bib. Comment. 9-37 
Hist. Eccl. ad complendum Div. C. 37-40 
Patres et Script. Gr. ane. - 40-64 
Theologia - - 79-130 
Catalogi, Lexica, etc. - - - 130-6 
Antiquitates, Numismata, etc. I 136-40 and 143-5 
Aéa Eruditorum - - - 140-3 
Historia Latina - - 145-71 
History and Voyages in English - I71-3 


These extend from A to M. 


Volumine secundo. 


Trés tomi continentur : 
1. Librorum impressorum - 
2. Librorum manuscriptorum 
3. Librorum musicorum - - 


Elenchus Titulorum. 
Librorum impressorum. Vol. 2. 


Voyages, History, etc. 

History and Aategeiies of England 
Law - 

Arts and Sciences - - 
Divini 

Lexica, Libri Philolog. et Critici 
Authores Class. Latini . 
Libri Class. Greci  - - 


Catalogued, not in index. 
Libri Miscellanei - - - 101-50 


5-§ 
6-25 
25-31 
32-40 
40-56 
57-69 
69-78 
70-100 


The catalogue of the manuscripts is entitled : 
‘Catalogus / Librorum manuscriptorum / in / 








24 THE LIBRARY OF PRINTED BOOKS 


Bibliotheca. Ecclesie Cathedralis / Vigornie. / 
MDCCXXXXI.’ It enumerates 251 volumes, of 
which 169 are in folio and 82 in quarto. These 
manuscript volumes are analysed, when they 
contain several treatises bound together. 

Yet another volume is entitled: ‘ Catalogus 
Librorum Musicorum/Ecclesie Cathedralis Wig- 
orniae/MDCCLXXXI/Hunc fecit vir reverendus 
Ed. Taylor, Precentor/ejusdem ecclesiz, et musices 
peritissimus.’ This catalogue, however, gives so 
little detail as to be of no value. The colleétion 
is of considerable interest, and has been arranged, 
and partly catalogued, by my son, Mr. J. S. Wilson, 
under the superintendence of Mr. Ivor Atkins. In 
1774, Dr. Johnson visited Worcester. In_ his 
account of his journey into N. Wales he writes : 
‘We went to Worcester, a very splendid city ; the 
Cathedral is very noble with many remarkable 
monuments. The Library is in the Chapter 
House. On the table lay the Nuremburg Chronicle, 
I think of the first Edition.’ (It is Koburger’s 
well-known edition of 12th July, 1493.) 

In 1780 Mr. Griffin receives the thanks of the 
Dean and Chapter for his care in arranging the 
books in the library, and making a catalogue thereof: 
and in 1783 he receives a honorarium of twent 
guineas for ‘his extraordinary trouble in making 
catalogues of the books in the Library, and new 
ranging and regulating the same.’ 

In 1790 the book-cases or shelves in the library 
were ordered to be ‘ continued on, and finished on 
the same plan ‘as hath been lately adopted.’ The 
library here mentioned is certainly the Chapter 





IN WORCESTER CATHEDRAL. 25 


House, for in 1796 Green, in his ‘ History of 
Worcester,’ writes (i. 78): ‘The Chapter House 
is also the Library of the Church in which is pre- 
served a valuable collection of printed books and 
many old Manuscripts chiefly of Canon Law, of 
which 169 are in folio, and 82 in quarto. The 
Colleétion of books has been greatly augmented of 
late ages by the care of the Deans and the benefac- 
tions of private persons.’ 

In 1816 the MSS. were reported in good order 
except ten, and in 1821 the books numbered about 
3,600. In the early part of the nineteenth century 
some fresh restri€tions are made as to the use of 
the library; but there is no important entry till 
1st March, 1866. There we read, ‘ The Report of 
Mr. Perkins as to the removal of the Library from 
the Edgar Tower to the rooms above the South 
Aisle of the Cathedral with the approach by an old 
staircase recently discovered in the Cloisters having 
been considered, it was resolved that plans be made 
and estimates prepared for the work by Mr. Perkins, 
and if approved the Dean and Treasurer be em- 
powered to proceed with the work.’ 

This entry needs a word of explanation. The 
restoration of the cathedral was going on, and in 
1864 the books were moved from the Chapter 
House, in order that the Chapter House walls 
might be examined and repaired if necessary. The 
books were removed to the Edgar Tower,' for 
which ‘three tables or cupboards, fender, fire irons 


* A member of the Archzological Society remembers the 
removal, and seeing loose leaves blowing about the green. He 
picked up some and still possesses them ! 








26 THE LIBRARY OF PRINTED BOOKS 


and fire guard,’ were purchased, as suggested by the 
librarian. 

‘The old staircase recently discovered in the 
cloisters’ is perplexing. Had it been blocked up 
after 1748, and all trace of it lost? The school 
must have entered the triforium from the cloister, 
not from the cathedral. Henceforward, since 1866, 
the library has been where it now is, in the south 
triforium of the nave. 

The Chapter Aéts continue to acknowledge 
gifts of books, such as those from the Archeological 
Institute and the Rev. Dr. Wynter in 1869, the 
Rev. F. Havergal and Sir G. F. Lewis in 1870. 
In 1872 the separate library fund was abolished, 
and it was ordered that the fees formerly appro- 
priated to it be paid to the Receiver, and that 
grants be made from time to time to the library as 
may seem good to the Chapter. 


HISTORY FROM 1870 To IgIO0, 
WORK OF REV. MAURICE DAY AND J. K. FLOYER. 


The library now enters on a new chapter of its 
history. The Rev. Maurice Day, head master 
of the cathedral school from 1859 to 1879, is 
appointed librarian, and receives £20 towards the 
expense of a new catalogue; and in 1880, on his 
retirement, ‘the best thanks of the Dean and 
Chapter are given him for the great care and 
thought which he has been good enough to bestow 
on the preparation of the Library Catalogue and 
the valuable service which he has thereby rendered 
to the Dean and Chapter.’ 





IN WORCESTER CATHEDRAL. 27 


This is our first and only printed catalogue, dated 
1880, registering about 3,600 books. 

Mr. J. H. Hooper, M.A., is appointed librarian 
in 1881; and in 1882 the library fund is once 
more ordered to ‘ be kept_distinét from the Domus 
fund in accordance with the ancient custom.’ It 
becomes plain from the Chapter Aéts, and from 
entries in a rough note book left in the library, 
that Mr. Hooper did excellent work as librarian, 
though the condition of the books still left much 
to be desired. He received grants from Domus of 
£25, £25, £20, £20, [20, [20, in the years from 
1885-1892, for the repair and rebinding of the 
manuscripts, and the printing of a catalogue of the 
books given by Bishop Philpott. Besides the care 
of these valuable manuscripts, a large number of 
books not in Mr. Day’s catalogue were described 
and entered; notes were made of books in the 
catalogue but not on the shelves ; duplicates were 
noted ; lists made of special bindings, and lists of 
the early printed books of the fifteenth and six- 
teenth century were made in manuscript. 

The manuscript catalogue of gifts started by 
Hopkins is copied in another volume down to 
1869, and gifts from 1870 to 1890 are entered in 
the handwriting of Mr. J. H. Hooper. In 1890 
the library received Bishop Philpott’s gift of books. 
We possess this list in the bishop’s own hand- 
writing, with a note that it was given by Canon 
Melville to Mr. Hooper on 2gth June, 1890. This 
gift consists of 78 folios and quartos, 169 octavos, 
and 118 duodecimos, besides Reports of Eccl. 
Comm. Orders in Council, Journal and Chronicle 








28 THE LIBRARY OF PRINTED BOOKS 


of Convocation and Parliamentary Records; and 
113 volumes given subsequently. There is an 
alphabetical catalogue in manuscript of all these, 
and they are arranged in a separate set of shelves. 

This alphabetical list is copied as far as B, in a 
clerk’s hand, into the manuscript catalogue above 
described. 

In 1897 Mr. Hooper resigned his post as libra- 
rian to make way for the Rev. J. K. Floyer, who 
was appointed to succeed him. Mr. Floyer’s 
excellent work in cataloguing the manuscripts, and 
fully describing them, lies apart from the object of 
this paper. In 1903 Mr. Floyer, on leaving 
Worcester, was succeeded by another minor canon, 
Rev. H. S. Chignell. In 1906 I obtained the 
sanction of the chapter for removing the ancient 
muniments and records previous to 1800 from the 
Edgar Tower to the library, and grants of {25 
and {20 for cataloguing and housing them. The 
preliminary catalogue was made by the Rev. J. H. 
Bloom. It is in six portfolios of type-script. 

In 1907 I was appointed librarian, and Rev. 
H. J. Mercer sub-librarian. Unfortunately we 
entered on our work with no information from my 
predecessor as to what had been done before. The 
manuscript volumes I have spoken of were either 
unknown to Mr. Chignell or not used by him. I 
did not discover them in a cupboard in the library till 
after a fresh book had been started to record gifts. 
There is a want of continuity in the work of our 
library, which this paper is intended in part toremedy. 

I very early consulted my friends Mr. C. Sayle 
and Mr. Cosmo Gordon, both of the University 





IN WORCESTER CATHEDRAL. 29 


Library of Cambridge, as to the special needs of 
the library. It was at Mr. Sayle’s suggestion that 
the muniments were treated as they have been, and 
Mr. Gordon gave me much help in transcribing 
some of them. Mr. Sayle also recommended the 
separation of the incunabula and of certain selected 
books, and earnestly pressed the formation of a 
shelf catalogue and the periodic checking of the 
library by it. The incunabula—thirty-five in all' 
—have been accordingly separated, and a separate 
catalogue printed, of which copies have been sent 
to the principal libraries. This was prepared at 
my request by Mr. Cosmo Gordon. Mr. Sayle 
made from the printed catalogue a list of the 
English sixteenth century printed books, number- 
ing about 120, and including a few from the press 
of Wynkyn de Worde, several service books, and 


fifteen controversial works printed at Antwerp and 
Louvain in 1564-7, and this list also is in print. 
Mr. Sayle has also given us a slip catalogue ot 
books down to 1660. 


' Beriah Botfield, in his ‘ Notes on Cathedral Libraries,’ 1849, says 
of the Worcester Cathedral Library: ‘The oldest printed books 
I could find were the Biblia Latina Vulgata illuminata, Venetiis 
1478, and the Nuremberg Chronicle, without a title, in modern 
calf binding. . . . The earliest classic author I noticed was the 
Juvenal with the Commentaries of Calderinus, printed at Rome 
in 1474. With these three exceptions the bibliographer will seek 
in vain for any productions of the 15th century within these 
walls.’ Yet a diligent search has revealed no fewer than thirty-five 
still remaining, among them being Caxton’s edition of Gower’s 
‘Confessio Amantis.’ Most of the other incunabula are ordinary 
enough, but there is one happy exception, a copy of the ‘ Rudi- 
mentum nouiciorum,’ the chronicle printed by Lucas Brandis at 
Libeck in 1475. This, I am told, was the first dated book printed 
at Lubeck, and the finest which Brandis ever produced, 








30 THE LIBRARY OF PRINTED BOOKS 


Mr. Sayle was appointed by the Chapter in 
November, 1g10, as their permanent adviser on 
the Library. 

Mr. Mercer is now—1910—engaged in the very 
important work of checking and completing an old 
shelf catalogue of the date 1780 to 1783. 

My own work has been entirely with the MSS. 
and muniments, not with the printed books. 

James M. Writson. 

College, Worcester. 

Dec., 1910. 


APPENDIX. 
From Worcester Cathedral Library (p. 8). 
A xii., f. 3. 


Empcioneset provisiones per Reverendum patrem 


Willelmum More priorem pro termino xiij‘™ 
Annorum post primum ingressum suum prefixionis 
sue in priorem in Oétobri in Anno domini millesimo 
CCCCCXVIij®. 


In primis I redemed a litle portuos lying to 

plege in teames strete in London - liijs. iiijd. 
Item I made A newe mas boke beyng at Jesus 

Awter price - - - - cxxijs. vd. 
Item A made A new greate grayle beyng before 

the prior in the quyre - ~ ~ CXxxs. xij d. 
Item A litle boke called An Annuall for bery- 

ings, diriges noted, &c. 
Item A sequens boke in the prior’s chappell 
Item A sawter bok (sic) with the ymmes newe 

wryt 
Item A processional boke newe made and 

noted 





IN WORCESTER CATHEDRAL. 


Item A pawper boke wryt by the seid prior 
called A boke of the ordre 
Item A parchment boke the copis of our evi- 
dens and charters 
Item ij claspes of selver and gylt to the priors 
mas boke in his chappell at Worceter  - 
Item A hoole wark of Seynt Auststens warks 
in prynt bow pe at London - - 
Item A boke of lawe called Archdecon apon 
the decrees - - - 
Item A boke called dominus super sext _ - 
t Item Seynt Jeormes warks v volumes - 
+Item Seynt gregoris Warksj volome* = - 
tItem Seynt Ambros warks i1j volems ~ 
tItem A boke of lawe called henry Conyhe 
volume - 
titem A boke called Summe Sanateraen 
j volume - : - - 
t Item A boke called hostiensis j volume summa 
tItem the Englis cronaculls - - 
Item A boke of Seynt barnards warks - 
Item A boke called ortus sanitatis - - 
Item A masse boke of prynt - - 
Item ortus vocabulorum - - 
Item A boke Actus Apostolorum Bc. - 
Item the Sext and Clementine j volume 
Item the decres j volume 
Item the decretalls j volume 
Item Abbott iiij waleaes - - - 
Item Legenda Sanctorum in englisshe vjs. 
Item Legenda sanétorum de Anglia &c. 
Item A boke of Seynt Genes rewle cum 
comentorio ~ - 
Item A boke called constitucions provinciall 
Lynwod 
Item a hoole corsse of sevyll v. volumes 
t Bought in 1523. 


31 


vjs. viijd. 
ls. 

vjs. viijd. 
Viijs. iyd. 

xls. 

viij Ss. 

Xlijs. iiijd. 


xijs. 


vj s. viij d. 


x] Ss. 
ijs. viijd. 
vjs. 

vs. 

lijs. iiijd. 
xij d. 

xvj d. 


XXXij s. 


ijs. viijd. 








32 THE LIBRARY OF PRINTED BOOKS 


Item Institutes 
Item ij masse boks of prynt - -  iiijs. jd. 
*Item a boke of lawe petrus de Anckorano } 
super sexto ~ - - 
*Item philippus franckus super sexto 
*Archidiaconus super sexto .. zaberellus 
cardinalis super Clementine - 
*Innocentius super decretalem - 
*Item filinus ij volumes xvs. fridericus xiiij d. 
*Item A boke conteynyng iij councells viz 
consilia abbatis consilia calderini consilia 
lodwici - - - - - xjs. iid, 
Johannes Andree Nonolla super decretal 
ij volumes - - - - XXiilj s. 
Item prepositus super causas et super dis- 
tinccionibus - - - - XVvjs. 
Leétura hostiensis ij volumes - xilijs. iii d. 
Item rationale divinorum - - : 1S. 
Item legenda sanétorum in Anglia - - xvid. 
Item speculum spiritualium ij s. 
Item opera Hugonis de Sancto Vietore ij 
volumes - 
Item opera bede j volume - - - - 
Item Hugo cardinalisj volume = - - 
Item opera Willelmi Parisiensis j volume 
Item polycratea - - - - 
Item Ricardus de sancto Victore de trinitate 
Item opera Hillarij 1 vol. - - 
Item questiones divi thome - 
Item opera Laurencij Justiniani 1 vol. 
Item opera Ruparti 11j volumes - 
Item pipyne in Genesin ij litle volumes lijs. iii} 
Item opera basilij - - - lijs. 1i1j 
Item Beda de natura rerum et de tropis 


> Xxvjs. viijd. 








Norr.—From Prior Moore’s Diary it appears that the books 
marked * were bought in London about Christmas, 1526. 





eee ye 


‘Ss. 
d. 
s. 
Ss. 
d. 


Boo. O fw P 


3 


IN WORCESTER CATHEDRAL. 


Item Angeloni in regum_=- - 
Item Philippus presbiter in Job 
Item opera brunonis 1 volume 
Item opera Cipriani 1 vol- 
Item opera Senece 1 volume 
Item opuscula divi thome in Job 
Item opera fulgencij 1 volume 
Item philo Judeie - . - 
Item 1j litle boks of the statutes of yngland - 
Item ae super Epistolas pauli et cantica 
canticorum - - - - 
Item Haymo super xij“ prophetas - - 
Item Haymo super Apocalypsis - . - 
Item iij boks of Seynt benetts rewle in 
Englisshe - - - ~ 
Item to the parson of Seynt Andros in Wor- 
cetur for ij the furst boks of Abbot - 
Item delyvered to the aye aman ipa 
lum spiritualium- 
Item Ludulphus de vita cristi - - 


ijs. 
vjs. 


From Prior Moore’s Diary (A xi. fol. 148, b.) 
Item a greate bucke of Statutes of England 

from the furst yere of Edward the thyrd 

till the parliament holden after cristmas in 

the xxv yere of kyng Henry the eyght - Xs. 
Item natura brev. et magna Carta - - ijs. 
Item a bucke of the passion - - ij S. 
Item a greate bucke of councells  - - viS. Viljs. 








JAMES AMPHLETT AND SAMUEL 
TAYLOR COLERIDGE. 


~)HE memorial volume, as we may call 
ty it, of James Amphlett of Shrewsbury 
Ss) f) is a curious assemblage of odds and 
i ends. Dying in 1860, he had been 
WZe for more than sixty years a journalist, 
but his 149 pages of reminiscences are eked out with 
indifferent verses and other matter, poor and extrane- 
ous to his subject. The title-page is promising: 
‘The Newspaper Press, in part of the last 
century and up to the present period of 1860. 
The recollections of James Amphlett, who has 
been styled the Father of the Press, extending 
over a period of sixty years in connexion with 
newspapers, London and the country... 
London: Whittaker & Co. and W. Wardle, 
Shrewsbury. 1860.’ 
The book has now become rare, and does not appear 
in the British Museum catalogue. The Dedica- 
tion ‘To the Editor of “The Times”’ is dated 
‘Severn Cottage, Shrewsbury, February 1860,’ and 
a notice of Amphlett’s death at the age of eighty- 
four on 19th July of that year shows that it occurred 
before the book was in the hands of the public. 
He was the son of a Baptist pastor, and was 
intended for a ministerial career, but a debate in 
which he took part at school convinced him of the 





JAMES AMPHLETT. 35 


error of dissent, and he became a staunch church- 
man and conservative. As a boy he witnessed the 
‘Church and King’ riots at Birmingham, when the 
laboratory of Joseph Priestly was destroyed by the 
ignorant mob, who regarded his tubes and retorts 
as conclusive evidence of his ‘dealings with the 
devil’! He mentions that visitors to Birmingham 
who wore shoestrings instead of buckles were often 
pelted in the streets by the native sticklers for 
propriety in costume. 

Mr. Amphlett was editor of the ‘ Staffordshire 
Advertiser’ and afterwards of the ‘Lincoln News’ 
and of the ‘Shrewsbury Journal,’ but contributed 
to various other papers in London and in the 
provinces. In 1802 he was writing for the 
‘Monthly Mirror’ over the signature of ‘Civis.’ 
His ‘ Idle Hours’ were appearing at the same time 
as Kirk White’s ‘ Melancholy Hours,’ and the two 
writers had some allusions to each other. He was 
mixed up with several libel actions, and in relation 
to one of them had an interview with the first 
Sir Robert Peel, who observed, ‘ You will live to 
see Birmingham and all the large towns return 
Members to Parliament.’ This was said in 1820, 
when the party to which Peel belonged was bitterly 
opposed to Parliamentary Reform. Amphlett had 
some acquaintance with William Godwin and 
Thomas Holcroft. His reporting experiences in- 
clude the description of prize-fights and, what is 
even more curious, of a ‘hawking match’ of the 
Duke and Duchess of St. Albans in 1829. 

Judged by its title and by the opportunities of 
its writer, the book is a very disappointing per- 





36 JAMES AMPHLETT AND 


formance, but there are some interesting references 
to Coleridge. From 1811 to 1813 Amphlett was 
in London, and had a sister whose husband was a 
friend of the poet, who resided with them for a 
short time. He writes: 

‘I frequently met Mr. Coleridge there and 
Charles Lamb, a kind of Lion’s provider. In the 
midst of the profound thought and mystic lore, 
Lamb, who [sic] would often break in with what 
his hostess called a skit, shewing the proximity 
of the great and the little, testing the sublime by 
the ridiculous. One night I chanced to have a 
Leicester newspaper in my pocket, containing 
a speech made by the celebrated Robert Hall, at a 
platform meeting of the advocates of the Bible 
Society; Coleridge read it with great interest, 
and remarked, how ingeniously Hall dealt with 
the argument in a circle. He afterwards said, 
“These platform meetings, where clergymen and 
dissenting ministers come into competition as to 
which should bid the highest for support in 
religious zealots, and puritanical enthusiasts ; 
these circumstances, he said, would lead to a 
low church, and a high church wider apart, than 
ever yet was known,—one leaning to the lati- 
tudinarian services of the dissenters, and the 
other, to the ceremonials of the Roman Catholics.” 
This was the effect of what he said in general 
language and the predi¢tion has been verified.’ 

There is also a curious anecdote about Street, at 
one time editor of the ‘ Courier.’ 

‘One of his brightest days,’ Mr. Amphlett 
observes, ‘ was that on which he gave a splendid 











SAMUEL TAYLOR COLERIDGE. 37 


dinner to Madame Catalini, when he sported 
the elegant service presented to him by the 
Prince Regent. Coleridge was there and he 
told me that there was “ nothing in his wines so 
humble as port and he called for a bottle to 
shame him.”’ 

Perhaps the most interesting passage in Amphlett’s 

olla podrida is the following account of Coleridge’s 

Shakesperian lectures. : 

‘ While editing the “ Rifleman,” a folio Sunday 
paper, selling at eightpence halfpenny, I attended 
a lecture given by Mr. Coleridge at a room in 
Fetter Lane, and I now copy from the above 
paper in the year 1812, the following sketch of 
the address. 

* This gentleman’s course of lectures on Shakes- 
peare is drawing towards a close, and the town 
will be speedily deprived of one of the most 
intelle€tual treats which it has experienced for a 
number of years. These le€tures, though in a 
select circle, well supported, have not been 
attended with that degree of success which 
ought, perhaps, to have been expected from so 
enlightened a city as the capital of Great Britain. 
But there are some considerations which will 
qualify any charge of apparent deficiency of the 
public taste. The present course is given in the 
city, and in the winter; a time when snow, and 
rain, and dirt, and fogs, muster such an advanced 
guard of uncomfortable enemies to London life, 
that the citizen is content to encounter the 
privations of mind, with the fireside weapons 
of cards and tobacco. “Fetter Lane,” where, 








38 


JAMES AMPHLETT AND 


during the winter months, the sun is “ invisible, 
or dimly seen,” has no inviting sound to the 
delicate ears of the west end of the town. 
The /iterati there, considered, perhaps, that the 
lecturer ought to have come “betwixt the 
smoke and their nobility.” 

‘We have always been aware that a man of 
Mr. Coleridge’s powers of mind, could never in 
a le¢éture, do himself anything like justice. So 
refining and multifarious are his habits of thought, 
that he cannot subject even his pen to any order 
or arrangement in his subject. In his writings 
we find him continually changing his course, to 
catch the interesting impulse of some new 
thought, elicited from, or crossing his subject. 
There is only one thing in him that is certain, 
and that is, though his subject should be physics, 
a metaphysical conclusion. It is his governing 
tendency, and beats him out of that which is 
simple intothat which is complex ; from individu- 
alities to generalities, in defiance of himself. 

‘There is another peculiarity in him which 
ought to be particularised, and which seems to 
be an illustration of the affinity that is said to 
exist in extremes. If he begins on any particular 
passion or principle, he commonly works about 
it, from some strange and incomprehensible 
impetus, till he involves himself in a mass ot 
nebulous matter, that is as remote from the 
nature of his text as possible! A great portion 
of one of his leétures, on the passion of love (as 
exemplified in Juliet) consisted in a decomposi- 
tion of the characteristics of garrulous age; and 





SAMUEL TAYLOR COLERIDGE. 39 


of contrasted powers and habits of memory, in 
educated and uneducated minds. He pursued 
this mining' enquiry till love was lost in the 
boundless wilds of thought; and ‘Shakespeare 
himself disappeared in the ocean of human 
nature. But all these things are rather a proof 
of Mr. Coleridge’s powers of mind than anything 
else. If the female part of his audience be 
sometimes disappointed they are sometimes as 
agreeably surprised. For a cross wind and 
current of feeling, will frequently drive the 
lecturer from the most rugged and masculine 
philosophy, into the calm and captivating con- 
fines of the circle of the affections, and influences 
of the heart.’ 

This may take its place by the side of Crabb 

Robinson’s description of these lectures, which were 

marvels of intellectual power—and irrelevance. 

WitiaM E, A. Axon. 


* Perhaps a mistake for ‘minor’; the book swarms with errata, 





TWO BOOK BILLS OF KATHERINE 


} N search of information concerning a 
4, certain William Harper, Clerk of the 
Closet to Queen Katherine Parr, I 


By © hold accounts as are Pisneach in the 
Public Record Office. Among these papers I 
found two bills from the King’s Printer, which are 
worth transcribing at length. They are entirely 
in the exquisite handwriting of Thomas Berthelet, 
and in that respect differ from the longer bill pre- 
sented to Henry VIII. in 1544, now in the British 
Museum,' for the latter is written by a clerk, with 
Berthelet’s receipt added to the King’s warrant 
attached to the bill. 

The date of the first of the Queen’s bills is not 
given, but it is filed with accounts for 35 Henry 
VIII. and a few stray ones of the following year, 
and there is no reason to doubt that it belongs to 
that period.* It runs as follows: 


* Add. MSS. 28,196. 

* The quarterly account of the Clerk of the Closet, No. 42 or 
the same file, j is dated 13th May, 36 Henry VIII. (1544), and it is 
probable that this account, beginning 1st May, is of the same year. 
Katherine Parr was married on 12th July, 1543. 





TWO BOOK BILLS. 41 


Delyuered to my lord of chichester’ for the Quenis 
grace, the first day of May, vj, bokes of the psalme 
prayers, gorgiously boiid and gilt on the leather, at xvj* 
the pece Ité delyuered to the clerke of the Q ueenis Closet, 
for her grace, ij of the said bokes of Psalme prayers, lik- 
wise gorgiously bound and gilt on the leather, at xvj* the 
pece Ité delyu'ed to my lorde of Chichestre for the Quenes 
grace, the 4 of May, vj, of the foresayd bokes likewyse 
bound, and gylt on the Lether, at xvj* the pece 


suitia to" xviij® viij* d 
Tuomas BertTHELert.? 


At the top has been written by another hand 
“by M' Bartylet,’ and near the figures of the sum 
total is ‘allo.’ Close to Berthelet’s signature is 
‘W p hurton ’"—that is, William Parr, Lord Parr of 
Horton, the Queen’s uncle, who was Lord Cham- 
berlain of her household, and therefore counter- 
signed the account. 


There can be little doubt as to the book referred 
to in this bill as ‘Psalme prayers,’ of which the 
Queen bought fourteen copies. Berthelet had 
printed in 1544 ‘ Psalmi seu precationes,’3 and in 
1545 ‘Psalms or Prayers.’ A copy of a later edition 
of the latter (1548) at the British Museum* has 
this title: ‘ Psalmes or Prayers taken out of holye 
Scripture. Londini. mpxtviu.’ This is commonly 
known as the ‘King’s Prayers.’ The contents 


* George Day, Bishop of Chichester, 1543-51. Cooper (* Ath. 
Cantab.,’ p. 157) says he was almoner to the Queen in 1545, an 
office he also held under Queen Mary. 

2 Augmentation Office Misc. Bk. 161. art. 46. 

3 *Handlist of English Printers,’ III., p. 10. 

C. 51.4. 7. 








42 TWO BOOK BILLS OF 


might be better described as ‘ Psalms and Prayers,’ 
as it contains the first fifteen psalms, followed by 
the twenty-first Psalm, and one headed ‘a psalme 
of thankesgeuyng,’ beginning, ‘ Reioyce and syng 
in the honour of the lord.’ After these are two 
prayers, one for the King and the other ‘for men 
to say entryng into battaile.’ It is possible that 
there was an English edition of 1544 as well as a 
Latin one. 

The second bill is much longer, and is clearly 
dated : 


To the Queenes grace a° rr Ed. VI p'mo. 

Imprimis deliuered to master Harper for the Queenes 
grace, a boke of psalme praiers couered in white and 
gilt on the leather, price xvj* 

Item a boke of the .x. comaundements, couered in white, 
and gilt on the Leather, the price xij* 

Item Enchiridion of Erasmus in englishe, and the boke 
called the preparacion to dethe, the price xvj* 

Ité delyuered to my lord of Chichester for hir grace, 
imp'mis, ij praier bokes, couered in white satin, the 
pice ij® 

Item .x. bokes printed in Velim of the same praiers, 
whiche are viij*, a pece, sm* vj; viij® 

Item p* for the byndyng of .ix. of those bokes in white 
and gilt on the leather, for a pece, vj’, the sume 
iiij® vj* 

Item foe. sii of the saied praiers bound in white, and gilt 
on the leather, at vj* the pece sum? vj* 

Item a boke printed in fine velim of a great lettre the 
price of the same————ij* 

Item .v. of the same bokes printed in fine velim, at ij* the 
pece, the suitie———-x** 

sum* to“ xxxvj* x* 
t Exch. Q. R. Accounts, 424. 12. 





KATHERINE PARR. 43 


This is not signed by Berthelet, though in his 
handwriting. It is allowed by Anthony Cooper, 
and has a note as follows: 


paid iiij Junijy AY RR E vj pmo. 


The first item seems to be identical with the 
books of the previous account. The second is, no 
doubt, ‘A Declaration of the Ten Commandments,’ 
by Bishop Hooper, of which an edition without name 
of printer was published in 1548. John Byddell 
issued the Enchiridion of Erasmus in English, 
‘Cum priuiegio ad imprimendum solum,’ in 1533, 
1534, 1538, and 1544, the last edition having on 
the colophon, ‘ Newly correéted and amended in 
the yere of oure lorde god. M V C xliiii the xix 
of Nouembre.’ Berthelet published Erasmus’ ‘ Pre- 
paration to Death’ as early as 1543. From the 
above account it would seem that the two books 
were bound together: there are three copies of 
‘The Preparation to Death’ of this edition of 
Berthelet’s in the British Museum.'| Two are 
bound up with Byddell’s Enchiridion, and the third 
with the ‘ Preparation’ in Latin by Berthelet. 

The remaining books appear to be copies of the 
two editions of Katherine Parr’s own ‘ Prayers or 
Meditations,’ commonly called the‘ Queen’s Prayers,’ 
to distinguish them from the other volume already 
mentioned, ‘ The King’s Prayers.’ The first edition 
of her book which I can find mentioned was printed 
by Berthelet in 1543, and others were issued in 
1545, 1546, and 1547. These were all small books 


* B.M. 696 a. 43, C. 37 a. 31, and 11982. 








44 TWO BOOK BILLS OF 


in 16mo or 32mo, and even when ‘ printed in velim’ 
eightpence a piece would be a very probable price 
for them, although the idea of Berthelet bindings 
‘in white and gilt on the leather’ at an additional 
sixpence may well make modern colleéctors sigh. 
Besides these tiny editions there is also an undated 
one in o¢tavo, which by comparison may fairly be 
called ‘ of a great lettre’—z.e., printed in large type 
—and for these on vellum two shillings each would 
be a reasonable price. Copies of any ordinary 
primer or prayer-book (the first Prayer-book of 
Edward VI. is also ruled out of consideration by 
its date) would have cost as much or more than 
this on paper, besides not having the personal 
touch which accounts for the Queen purchas- 
ing so many, obviously for presentation to her 
friends. 

Yet another bill of the Queen’s is of interest to 


the bibliographer. It is filed with the first of these 
accounts of Berthelet, and is as follows: 


xij? April A° rr. H. viij xxxv° 


Wittm Harper clerke of the closett to the queyns grace 
Askethe alowance as money by hym layed owt 
Inp'mis payd for a prymar for her grace in laten and 
englyshe w' epistyles and gospeles vnbounden ij‘ 
iiij* Itm for Rewlyng and Coleryng of the letteres 
of the seyd p'mar And of her graces testement in 
frenche v° Itm payd for gyldyng coveryng and 
byndyng of the two seyd bokes v* Itm payd to 
the launder for washyng of the closett clothes for 
one quarter of the yere endyd at the Afttyacon of 
o' Lady last past v’ Itm payd for Syngyng breades 
this quarter xij* Itm payd for flowers to the closett 





KATHERINE PARR. 45 


the xvj day the xxiij" day and the xxx" day of 
Marche vj*_ Itm p* for flowers the vj day And the 
xij day of Aprell iiij* 


Su™a xix® ij*! 


The Primers in Latin and English printed before 
this date are usually rubricated, but he may have 
made a copy more elaborate for the Queen’s 
own use. Grafton, with Whitchurch, printed the 
Primer in Latin and English with ‘ Pystels and 
Gospels’ in 1540, 1542, 1543, and 1545. 

An effort has been made to discover what were 
the duties of the Clerk of the Closet at this period. 
As no printed account of his office has been found 
among the Ordinances and Regulations of the 
Royal Household or elsewhere, or even a descrip- 
tion in manuscript, it is as well to put together such 
information on the subject as can be gleaned or 
inferred from the documents examined. 

The position of Clerk of the Closet to the King 
was one of honour. In 1542 it was held by Dr. 
Edward Leighton, Archdeacon of Salisbury and 
Prebend of Westminster. The same official in 
the Queen’s household was of less rank, but was 
also a clerk in Holy Orders. William Harper, 
who held the position under Katherine Parr, is 
probably the one of that name described by 
Foster} as ‘secular chaplain, fellow of New 
College 1503-27, from Axbridge, Somerset, B.C.L. 


* Aug. Off. Misc. Bk. 161. No. 69. 

* The Clerk of the Closet to the late King Edward was the 
Bishop of Ripon. 

3 Alum, Oxon. 








46 TWO BOOK BILLS OF 


(disp. 6 July) 1521, B.Can.L. (disp. 9 Apr.) 1522,’ 
and who was from 1526 to 1553 Vicar of Writtle, 
Essex, where he was prosecuted for popish practices. 
We know he was the William Harper who was 
instituted to Sampford Courteney, Devon, 18th 
Oétober, 1546, on the presentation of Queen 
Katherine Parr. It was during his incumbency of 
that place that the Book of Common Prayer was 
first used there on Whitsunday, 1549, with the 
result that the inhabitants of that parish on Whit- 
monday obliged the priest to revest himself in 
his ‘ popish attire’ and read Mass; this was the 
beginning of the Western Rebellion in Devonshire. 

As Clerk of the Queen’s Closet Harper received 
as wages £6 16s. 1o$d. per annum, the same sum 
being paid to the King’s Clerk of the Closet. He 
sat at table with the chief officers of the Queen’s 
household, next after the chaplains." 

Among the duties of the Clerk of the Closet 
appear to have been not only the care of the Closet 
and its appurtenances, and the supply of books, as 
we see above, but acting as confidential messenger 
and as personal attendant upon his mistress upon 
her journeys. There are entries of charges for half 
a cart at a penny a mile between different royal 
residences, giving the order of journeys coinciding 
with the Queen’s movements. The cart was 


* The Clerk of the Closet to Charles II. and the principal 
physician were the only persons under the degree of a baron or 
privy councillor permitted to approach the King’s chair or stand 
under the cloth of State. (‘Ordinances and Regulations of Royal 
Household,’ p. 371.) This privilege had probably been granted at 
an earlier period also. 





KATHERINE PARR. 47 


required particularly for the furniture of the Closet." 
It does not appear exactly of what that furniture 
consisted, but on one occasion at least it was insufhi- 
cient, as he asks allowance for 4d. ‘gyven in 
rewarde to the clerke and sexton at buckyngham 
for bryngyng of theyr church stuffe to serue the 
quene.” On another occasion—and only this once 
—there is a charge for ‘caryage of the plate for 
the closet.’ Besides this there was the linen, for 
which he paid the ‘launder’ five shillings quarterly 
for washing, and which he describes as ‘albes, 
awter clothes and other lynnen appertayning to the 
closset.’ We presume there were also altar frontals 
and vestments of tissue or velvet with traverses and 
‘balkyns’ or canopies, such as a King’s Clerk of 
the Closet enumerates as pertaining to the great 
and the privy closet.* 

He also supplied herbs and flowers as well as 
‘Syngyng breads.’3 He asks allowance for the 
following curious items: a perfuming panne to the 
closett, iiij yardes whyte caddas* for gyrdles, a 
basket lyned w' ledd' to cary coles to the grett 
closett, a fyer sufill (elsewhere called a showyll) 
iiij yard¥ of silke lace for hangyng the pycks, a 
skeyne of whyte thrydde, iiij* teynter hokes, a 
hamer, two great halfe portuas for the queyns 


* If the custom followed in later reigns then obtained, the Clerk 
of the Closet himself would have shared the conveyance occupied 
by the Dean of the Chapel and the Chaplains. 

2 See ‘ Lisle Papers,’ 8. 

3 Explained by Halliwell as denoting sacramental wafers, but 
much more probably the pain dénit distributed on high festivals 
during a sung mass. 


4 Caddas == worsted ribbon. See Halliwell. 











48 TWO BOOK BILLS. 


Closett, sylke laces for regesters for the portuas 
occupied in the quene ys closet,’ and thryd for 
Reparyng vestments and Removyng Albes.? 

On the whole, one is led to conclude that the 
Clerk of the Closet was a private Chaplain who 
was particularly employed about the person of his 
master or mistress, and accompanied them upon 
their ordinary journeys.3 

F. Rose-Trovp. 


* Evidently markers. 

* This was 20th Oétober, 38 Henry VIII., just about three 
months before the King’s death. 

3 In the Ordinances of 17 Henry VIII. arrangements are made 
for divine service daily ‘when his Grace keepeth not his haule, & 
specially in rideing Journeys & Progresses’; the master of the 
King’s chapel, six children and six men, with some officers of the 
vestry, were to be continually in attendance, but no reference is 
made to the presence of a chaplain then. See T. R. Misc. Bk. 
231, f. 46. This is quoted in ‘Ordinances and Regulations of the 
Royal Household’ (Soc. Antiq., 1790). 





RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 


PNY ERTAIN French scholars and _pro- 
ae fessors taking Taine and Jusserand for 
~ leaders, men like Angellier, 
Ay Legouis, Léon Morel, and Huchon, 
; 2) have devoted themselves to the stud 
of English Literature, and have produced books 
that are valuable contributions to the subject. 
They have thus set a fashion in France, and many 
of the younger men, with insufficient equipment and 
too little sympathy, have taken the same province. 
In Raymond Laurent, the author of ‘ Etudes 
Anglaises,’ who died at the age of twenty-one, 
Mr. R. J. E. Tiddy—he introduces the book by a 
preface—considers France has been deprived of one 
more critic of the right sort. It seems to me that 
the work before us is of too slight a nature to 
warrant such a statement. But one of the essays 
deals with Walter Pater, and contains an exceed- 
ingly interesting comparison between his work and 
that of Maurice Barrés. Laurent, with the assur- 
ance, and the fondness for phrase-making charac¢ter- 
istic of ‘les jeunes,’ declares that both Pater and 
Barres possessed ‘ creative impotence’ allied with a 
marvellous gift of analysis. 


‘L’un [i.e. Pater] cherche dans les religions antiques, 
dans le symbolisme des mythologies, dans les ébauches de 


II. E 








50 RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 


histoire de l’art, dans les systémes philosophiques, les 
étapes par lesquelles nous nous acheminons 2 la libération 
définitive ... 

‘L’autre en deca de la mort, relit nos sensibilités aux 
sensibilités anciennes, marque aussi nos attaches profondes 
avec le sol, étudie comment s’élabore dans l’ombre notre 
personnalité.’ 


A more important book is ‘George Meredith: 
Sa vie, son imagination, son art, sa doétrine,’ by 
Constantin Photiades. It is based on English 
biographies and criticisms, and the views of the 
author are supported by voluminous quotations (in 
French translation) chiefly from ‘ Harry Richmond.’ 
The French critic is bold enough to compare Mere- 
dith with Shakespeare. He regards the novelist’s 
characters as neither individuals nor types, but rather 
as ‘résumés de types’ of some wholly ideal life which 
we find in characters like Alceste, Jaques, Harpagon 
or Shylock. ‘ Nous ne les avons jamais vu, nous 
n’avons aucune chance de les approcher,—bien que 
notre esprit les fréquente assidiment.’ But they 
have the permanent truth which only a Shake- 
speare or a Molicere can give them. Like the 
characters of Shakespeare, they dwell beyond time 
and space. It is all a little involved and bewilder- 
ing. Meredith’s genius is summed up thus: 


‘La magie, le vrai miracle, ou, si l’on aime mieux, le 
génie de Meredith consiste 4 considérer la Terre, et toutes 
les choses de la Terre, non du dehors mais du dedans. 
C’est la son originalité.’ He goes to the earth, not as to 
an idyll or eclogue, not as a Wordsworth or a Rousseau 
went to it, nor does Meredith seek to replace God by 
Nature; he goes to the earth, or as we are more accus- 





RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 1 


tomed to say, to Nature, ‘nous rappeler notre extraction, 
indiquer notre égotsme, le canaliser et lui creuser un lit 
profond.’ 


The author of ‘Les sceurs Bronté,’ M. Ernest 
Dimnet, claims to have written the first book on 
the subject that has appeared in France. So far 
there have only been essays or magazine articles, 
or introductions to translations. Although Dimnet 
declares he has written the book with ‘un plaisir 
constant,’ and that the Brontés, ‘malgré leurs 
défauts,’ are ‘des amies,’ there is much fault-finding 
in the book, chiefly demonstrating that the critic 
is dissatisfied because his author is not exa¢tly 
what the critic thinks he ought to be. In referring 
to the various biographies of the Brontés—he finds 
Mr. Shorter’s the best—Dimnet makes the sur- 
prising statement that our literature lacks good 
biographies. I had thought we could point to 
some triumphs in that literary art, and that a nation 
which had produced, let us say, Boswell’s ‘ Johnson,’ 
Lockhart’s ‘Scott,’ Carlyle’s ‘John Sterling,’ and 
Trevelyan’s ‘Macaulay,’ might even be allowed 
pre-eminence in the art. Charlotte Bronté herself 
he finds ‘ provinciale, malheureuse, inhabile a vivre, 
parfois méme amére, faible, malchanceuse.’ He 
allows, however, that she is always simple and 
natural, always ‘femme,’ and not (these are 
Dimnet’s words, not mine) that monstrous produét 
of modern artificiality—the woman of letters. 

Emily Bronté’s ‘Wuthering Heights’ is ‘un 
livre prodigieux,’ and of a ‘ puissance que, seul, le 
plus rare genie atteint.’ But even here the critic 





| 
| 
| 
| 














52 RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 


does not find all well: there is ‘un manque d’équi- 
libre et d’harmonie, un je ne sais quoi de troublant 
qui tient du réve et, trop souvent, du cauchemar.’ 
Indeed, throughout, the French critic is scarcely 
in sympathy with his subject. The English 
novelist takes a very different view of life from 
that taken by the French novelist, and it is not 
only useless but misleading to judge the great 
English novelists by the standard that would be 
applied to French novelists of similar rank. 

It is with some relief that I turn to a remarkable 
little book of essays by Marcel Coulon dealing with 
French life and literature. He calls it *‘ Témoig- 
nages, with thesub-title ‘essays in positive criticism,’ 
and it is throughout most suggestive. Coulon draws 
a parallel between the critic and magistrate, in as far 
as each must perforce find a difficulty in being just. 
The most impartial witness, he declares, testifies 
according to his temperament; the critic, who is 
likewise a kind of witness, has no easy task to 
perform. For he must remember that criticism is 
made for the work, the work is not made for the 
criticism. A book or a picture or a statue is a 
definite thing, a fact. It must be seen as it is, and 
not as the critic might have wished to see it. If 
the critic does not agree with the fact, it would be 
well for him to begin by thinking that the fault 
probably lies in himself, and he should be sparing 
of his remonstrances to genius and even to talent. 
Let him ask of author, painter or sculptor what 
game he is playing, and if it is bridge, the critic 
must not behave as if it were poker. Coulon does 
not, of course, mean that the critic must always be 

















RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 53 


a witness for the prisoner. He means that when 
an observer has determined a bird’s speed, he may 
say that it flies heavily and does not cover much 
ground; but he must not reproach the bird that it 
cannot live in the water, nor regret too poignantly 
that fish have no wings. In conclusion, Coulon 
advises the critic to remember that the poet under- 
stands versification better than he does, and that 
the novelist knows better than he does how to 
construct a novel, or at least Azs novel. The book 
is dedicated to Taine, ‘au génie . . . vide de 
parti pris . . . a Timaginatif puissant de qui 
amour de lexactitude fit le plus objectif des 
psychologues.” The three writers dealt with are 
Jean Moréas, Anatole France, and Remy de 
Gourmont. 

The essay on Moréas, while it is the very best 
criticism on that poet I have ever read, contains 
some admirable pages on the classical and the 
romantic in literature. It is needless here to go 
into the details of the discussion, but in showing 
that Moréas owed not a little to Victor Hugo— 
‘ puisqu’il est vrai, méme en poésie, qu’on est tou- 
jours un peu fils de quelqu’un ’—Coulon declares : 


‘C’est qu’a une certaine hauteur d’art les petits mots 
du langage critique ne signifie rien. Pour exprimer leur 
désolation, pour dialoguer avec eux-mémes, pour jouer 
leur personnage sans costume, sans décor, sans rien autre 
qu’une lyre toute nue, le classique et le romantique ont 
trouvé des accents semblables.’ 


Moréas himself, in his finest poem, ‘ Les Stances,’ 
is the veritable peacemaker between the two great 
literary principles, classicism and romanticism. 




















54 RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 


Henry Bordeaux’s new book, ‘La robe de laine,’ 
is disappointing. It is scarcely a novel; it is 
rather a sort of fairy tale, a blending of the themes 
of Tennyson’s ‘ Lord of Burleigh’ and Chaucer’s 
‘Patient Griselda.’ The hero is an aviator, for no 
reason except to get killed in way just now in 
vogue when he is no longer wanted; but no one 
in the story is alive or real, and it is all so 
shadowy, so vague, that our sympathies are never 
really awakened. The gaiety of nations will 
indeed be eclipsed if ‘ post-impressionism’ is to 
invade the French novel. According to Bordeaux, 
the book is ‘lhistoire d’une petite fille toute 
simple que broie la cruelle vie moderne.’ The 
writing is, as always with this author, full of charm, 
and the forest scenes are delightfully described. It 
is perhaps the lyric intensity of the style that 
gives the book any slight attraction it may have. 

‘Un conte bleu,’ by Pierre Grasset, is a pleasantly 
written story on a tragic theme. A girl marries 
the man she loves, and he dies on the honey- 
moon suddenly of heart failure, four days after the 
wedding. The young widow’s grief is poignantly 
depicted. She returns to her parents’ house, and 
for many months is sunk in deepest melancholy ; 
but by degrees healing comes, and we leave her 
quite sure that she will before long be again a 
happy wife. ‘Le passé est bien mort—sans cela 
notre 4me serait un grenier encombré de manne- 
quins pendants et de meubles hors de service—a la 
louange de l’oubli.’ | 

In ‘ Le maitre d’ecole,’ Georges Beaune tells the 
story of a schoolmaster, himself a patriot in the best 





RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 55 


sense of the word, and his struggles and difficulties 
with the radicals and socialists of his village. The 
author well shows the harm the irresponsible 
agitator may do among the ignorant inhabitants of a 
rural distriét. But Potter, the hero, wins in the end. 
The book has, moreover, another purpose: it shows 
up what evil effects may come of stamping out 
religion in these outlying country villages. The back- 
ground of vineculture—the scene is Languedoc—and 
of the simple village life is full of charm and interest. 

Oétave Uzanne has produced a book that is both 
entertaining, and instructive in ‘Parisiennes de 
ce temps’ (Etudes de sociologie féminine), but one 
that, unfortunately, cannot be put into the hands 
of all and sundry. I say unfortunately, because 
apart from the chapters to which I refer, and which 
deal with ‘la galanterie frangaise’ in all its forms, 
an: admirable picture is drawn of the Parisian 


woman of every rank and condition. 


‘La vierge modeste, l’épouse raisonnable, la mére 
prudente se rencontrent a Paris autant et plus que partout 
ailleurs, parceque Paris est 4 la fois l’enfer et le paradis 
des femmes. Les démons qui s’y agitent avec véhémence 
empéchent souvent d’y decouvrir les anges. Les anges y 
dominent cependant, mais sans jamais attirer l’attention.’ 


The pages deal with ‘menagéres, ouvriétres et 
courtesanes, bourgeoises et mondaines, artistes et 
comédiennes,’ and ‘l’égoisme masculin’ is not 
ignored. 

I know that students in training colleges for 
teachers are often lectured on methods of dealing 
with the natural curiosity of their pupils. They 












































56 RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 


would do well to read Frédéric Queyrat’s ‘La 
curiosité. Etude de psychologie appliquce.’ He 
sets himself to discover what curiosity is, what 
forms it takes, and which of them are valuable for 
the educator of children, so that the teacher may 
know which to suppress or to encourage. 

Gerhart Hauptmann’s new novel, ‘Der Narr 
in Christo Emanuel Quint,’ is another of those 
attempts, of which the modern German novelist is so 
fond, to tell over again, either direétly or indireétly, 
the story of Christ. Emanuel Quint is a man of 
our time, who seems to be not so much a follower 
of Christ as a repetition of him. He is a carpen- 
ter’s son; he preaches in the market-place; he is 
followed by disciples; he does things that are 
regarded as miracles. Hauptmann shows the 
psychological aspect of the matter, how Quint is 
first taken by his neighbours to be Christ, and 
then how he comes to hold that belief himself, at 
first in symbol and then in reality; indeed, how 
a subjective truth becomes an objective untruth. 
The book is very long—s4o large o€tavo pages ot 
small type—and although the simple style appar- 
ently expresses simple thought, the arguments are 
not always easy to follow, and it lacks the poetry 
and charm and directness that appeal to all, to 
learned and unlearned, to believer and unbeliever, 
in ‘ Hannele’s Himmelfahrt.’ Needless to say, the 
scene of Quint’s exploits is Silesia, Hauptmann’s 
native province, and so incidentally there are 
interesting studies of peasant life and thought. 

‘Der junge Medardus,’ a dramatic history, by 
Arthur Schnitzler, in a prologue and five aéts, is a 

















RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 57 


Napoleonic drama, in spite of the faét that the 
great man only passes across the stage as a super- 
numerary, the usual tribute of course being paid to 
his wonderful eyes—a tribute that no German 
writer since Heine ever forgets. The scene is laid 
in Vienna in 1809, and there are more than seventy 
speaking parts. I confess I find the play difficult 
to follow in the book, but that may not be the case 
on the stage. Indeed, a German friend, whose 
critical judgment I respeét, assures me that it 
would be exceedingly popular in the smaller towns 
of Austria and Germany, if only the personnel ot 
the theatre were sufficiently numerous! However 
that may be, the impression left on me after read- 
ing the drama is that the Viennese in 1809 did not 
much care who was ruling them, and that they 
were really only making believe to defend their 
city. I do not say that this is what Schnitzler 
intends. The play provides an admirable picture 
of middle-class life and thought in the Vienna or 
1809, and probably the ordinary middle-class 
view of war and politics in all ages since the 
Renaissance. 

Herr Paul Wislicenus deserves the thanks of all 
students of Shakespeare for bringing together in 
his beautiful little volume, entitled ‘ Shakespeares 
Totenmaske,’ the various portraits of Shakespeare, 
all at the low price of four shillings. The three 
photographs of the Darmstadt death-mask are 
particularly fine from an artistic point of view. 
The accompanying letterpress, which is full of 
interest, is a general attack on the Baconians. 
Wislicenus has no doubt of the authenticity of the 

















58 RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 


death-mask, and considers it a proof that only the 
soul of the greatest of all poets and dramatists— 
Shakespeare himself—could have dwelt in such a 
body. He argues that although the portraits do 
not exa¢tly resemble the mask, they are all based 
on its lineaments. Hans Thoma, one of the most 
distinguished of contemporary German portrait- 
painters, writes to Wislicenus: ‘ However bad the 
portraits of Shakespeare are, one thing is clear, they 
are all of the same person, and of the person whose - 
death-mask lies before me: behind thesuperficiality, 
the unskilfulness, of the portraits, is the man of the 
death-mask. . .. 1am reminded of the many pictures 
of Christ, some good, some bad, but Christ is to be 
recognized in them all.’ Wislicenus has no doubt 
that the Stratford bust arose from the mask, and 
gives in full detail the technical arguments, and 
declares that one reason of the disappointing effect 
made on us by the bust is that the sculptor did not 
know Shakespeare personally. 


* * * * * 


The following recently published books deserve 
attention :— 


Quatre généraux de la Revolution. Hoche et 
Desaix Kléber et Marceau. Lettres et notes 
inédites. Suivies d’annexes historiques et bio- 
graphiques. Par Arthur Chuquet. 


A detailed study of the lives and careers of great soldiers. 


L’insurreétion de 1832. En Bretagne et dans le 
Bas-Maine d’apres des documents inédits. 
Material useful for the writing of history on a large scale. 




















RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 59 


L’Impératrice Joséphine d’aprés le témoignage 
de ses principaux historiens. Par le Baron de 
Méneval. 

A number of letters never before published appear in this 


volume. It is interesting to find what an admirable mother 
Josephine was. 


Paris au temps de Saint-Louis. D’apres les docu- 
ments contemporains et le travaux les plus récents. 


An attempt to reproduce Paris at a time when it was really the 
most beautiful expression of Christian civilization at its zenith. 


Jean Jacques Rousseau. Le Protestantisme et 
la Revolution frangaise. Par Auguste Dide. 


An attack on Rousseau, who, according to Dide, interrupted the 
national tradition in literature, popularized the abuse of moi, and 
despised humanity. 


La Légende des ‘ Philosophes.’ Voltaire, Rous- 
seau, Diderot peints par eux-mémes. Par A. 
Tornezy. 


An account of the three great figures who dominated the 
eighteenth century—a period, as Chateaubriand puts it, of ‘action 
intelleétuelle, non d’action matérielle.? The last chapter deals 
with the influence of the ideas of these philosophers on modern 
society. 


Anthologie du Theatre Frangais contemporain. 
Prose et vers (1850 a nos jours). Par Georges 
Pellissier. 

An admirable anthology of modern French drama. The scenes 
are so skilfully chosen that those who do not know the plays can 
read them with interest, and those familiar with them are delighted 


to have at hand in this convenient form the most striking portions 
of them, 





60 RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 


Deutsche Geschichte. Von Dietrich Schifer. 
Band I. Mittelalter. 


This volume extends from the earliest times to the end of the 
fifteenth century. The book is written for the purpose of 
demonstrating that from the very beginnings of her history 
Germany has been growing towards the great united empire she 
is to-day. 


Schopenhauers Leben. Von Wilhelm von 
Gwinner. 


The third revised and newly arranged edition of this straight- 
forward biography and excellent account of the work of the great 
apostle of pessimism. 


Graf Julius Andrassy. Sein Leben und seine 
Zeit. Nach ungedruckten Quellen. Von Eduard 
von Wertheimer. Band I. Bis zur Ernennung 
zum Minister des Aussern. 


The book is commissioned by the Hungarian Academy. No 
biography of the statesman has yet appeared. 


Fiinf Biicher Geschichte Wallensteins. Von 
Hermann Hallwich. 3 vols. 


A monumental work on Wallenstein, based on his letters and 
on contemporary documents. 


ELIzABETH LEE. 





THEAUTOGRAPHSOF PETRARCH’S 
‘RERUM VULGARIUM FRAG- 
MENTA.’' 


Swe ROFESSOR MARSAND, in the pre- 

es) Iz face to his celebrated edition of the 

Ce rn) Italian verse of Petrarch, issued ‘ nella 
AN LIiy Tipografia del Seminario,’ Padova, 
sa 1819-20, after reminding the reader 

that it is the duty of the classical editor to give, 
not the reading which in his judgment is the most 
beautiful, but that which the author left written, 
describes how, in the manifest impossibility or 
obtaining the autograph, or manuscripts immedi- 
ately and faithfully copied from the autograph, he 
had turned to the editions which had been made 
in conformity to such manuscripts. Having thus 
examined one by one the editions of the Canzoniere, 
not those of his own colleétion alone, but others 
most rare which were placed at his disposal, he 
was able to recognize among them not a few which 
bore indication of having been based upon manu- 
scripts immediately copied from the autograph, 
and further to be certain that among them three 


' In large part a story retold from such sources as De Nolhac: 
‘Le canzioniere autographe de Pétrarque,’ the introduction to the 
edition of the ‘Rime’ by Carducci and Ferrari, and especially that 
of Mgr. Vattasso in the facsimile reproduction of cod. Vat. 3195. 








62 THE AUTOGRAPHS OF PETRARCH’S 


alone were prepared and published from the auto- 
graph, or from copies revised by the Poet himself. 
Between two and three hundred editions the patient 
editor may have taken account of at this time. 
The three bearing the hall-mark were: 


1. ‘Francisci petrarcae laureati poetae recnon 
secretarii apostolici benemeriti. Rerum uulgaria 
Fragméta ex originali libro extracta In urbe 
patauina liber absolutus est foeliciter. Bar. de 
Valde. patauus. F. F. Martinus de Septem 
Arboribus Prutenus .M.CCCC.LXXII.’ 


2. ‘Le cose volgari di Messer Francesco Petrar- 
cha.’ At end: ‘Impresso in Vinegia nelle case 
d’Aldo Romano nel anno .MDI. del mese di Luglio, 
et tolto con sommissima diligenza dallo scritto di 
mano medesima del Poeta hauuto da M. Piero 
Bembo .. .’ 


. * Li sonetti canzone e triumphi del Petrarcha’ 
. . . Atend: ‘I Triomphi moralissimi del Petrar- 
cha cd ogni diligentia transunti da lexépio di quel 
che scritto di mano propria del poeta per tutto 
esser se afferma in Venegia impressi nel anno 
.M.D.XIII. del mese di Maggio per opera de 
Meser Bernardino stagnino.’ 


The great value of these three editions, Marsand 
repeats, rests in the certainty that their text is from 
the autograph of the Poet, or from a copy revised 
by him, in their fidelity to the original, and in their 
conformity to one another. One could not have 
been copied from another, for the Aldine makes no 
mention of that of Martino, and in the Stagnino the 
abbé Marsilio does not note either of the two earlier. 





‘RERUM VULGARIUM FRAGMENTA.’ 63 


Some fifty years later, Giosue Carducci, in his 
‘Rime di Francesco Petrarca sopra argomenti 
storici, morali e diversi: saggio di un testo col 
raffronto dei migliori testi. Livorno, Vigo, 1876,’ 
recalling Marsand’s judgment, affirms that having 
examined a good number of manuscripts and many, 
if not all, of the best known editions of the Can- 
zoniere, he is persuaded that he must go back to 
Marsand, who had constructed so good a text that 
a new critical edition could not be other than an 
accurate revision of the Marsand, compared with 
the three early ones (citing the editions of 1472, 
1501, 1513) and with the original Fragments of the 
Poet : 


4. ‘Le rime di m. Francesco Petrarca estratte da 
un suo originale . .. Roma, Grignani, MDCXLII. 
Le pubblico Federigo Ubaldini dall’ originale con- 
servato nella Vaticano.’ 


In the phrases (1) ex originali libro extraéta, (2) 
Tolto con sommissima diligenza dallo scritto di mano 
medesima del poeta havutv da M. Piero Bembo, (3) 
Co ogni diligentia transunti da lexepio di quel che scritto 
di mano propria del poeta, (4) estratte da un suo 
originale, are references to treasures of extraordinary 
interest, one of which had in Marsand’s time, at 
least, hopelessly disappeared. It is the purpose of 
this article to bring together the scraps of allusion 
and information concerning these autograph sources 
of the ‘ Rerum vulgarium fragmenta’ of Petrarch. 

Let us examine first the case of the so-called 
Fragments (4) edited in 1642. Though Marsand 
makes no note of this edition of Ubaldini in his 





64 THE AUTOGRAPHS OF PETRARCH’S 


preface, it was in his colleétion, and is entered in 
his ‘ Biblioteca Petrarchesca,’' with the note, ‘ The 
original from which the verses found in this volume 
are taken is preserved in the Vatican Library. 
Although it forms but a portion of the Canzoniere, 
yet being the only original left to us of the Rime 
of Petrarca, I have given it place among the 
editions of the Canzoniere, considering the value 
and undoubted purity of the text.’ Of this frag- 
mentary collection, consisting of certain sonnets, a 
ballata, sketch of the Latin epistle ‘ Vir fortis,’ the 
‘Triumph of Eternity,’ and incomplete verses of 
Petrarch, together with sonnets by various authors 
addressed to Petrarch, the editor, Ubaldini, says: 


It is found among the books of Fulvio Orsini preserved 
in the Vatican Library, and is part of the Canzoniere of 
the poet put together after the death of Petrarca by his 
friends—for the sheets containing the passage from the 
Trionfi have a different pagination from the others, and 
the leaves are not arranged chronologically. That they 
were written by the hand of Messer Francesco is most 
clear, for none but the author could have had the audacity 
to put a hand to the writings, and much less to note the 
year, the month, the day, and the hour of their composi- 
tion or revision. Where one is written by his copyists, 
that is retouched, erased, changed or supplemented by 
him. I cannot be persuaded, however, that this is the 
last copy which he made, for the contrary is proved when 
one reads repeatedly, Transcriptum per me in alia papyro. 


In truth, there has never been a question of the 
authenticity of the manuscript thus reproduced by 
Ubaldini in 1642, originally twenty loose sheets of 


* Milano, P. E. Giusti, 1826, 





| 
f 
J 
t 
; 


~~ ws | 


‘RERUM VULGARIUM FRAGMENTA.’ 65 


paper (ff. 17, 18 included in Ubaldini’s reproduc- 
tion have long since disappeared), of writing much 
varied, its postil/ae dating from 1336 to 1374. In 
the beginning of the sixteenth century the manu- 
script was employed in the collation of cod. Casa- 
natense 924; later it passed into the hands of Pietro 
Bembo, then to his son Torquato, who, in 1581, 
sold it to Fulvio Orsini, who, in 1600, bequeathed 
it to the Vatican, where it has since been preserved 
and shown as Codex Vaticanus latinus 3196. In 
the Inventory of Orsini it is numbered 2, and is 
thus described: ‘ Petrarca li sonetti, canzone et 
capitoli scritti di mano sua in papiro con molte 
mutationi in foglio et ligato in velluto rosino.’ It 
has been twice reproduced in facsimile—by E. 
Monaci, in his series ‘L’ Archivio paleografico 
italiano,’ vol. 1., tav. 52-71, and, in 1895, by the 
Vatican Library. A precious human document 
indeed is this bundle of script, with its erasures, 
alterations, repetitions—in which one seems to see 
photographed the Fashioner of the Rime, intent 
with mind and hand, tracing, line upon line, the 
immortal lyrics. Interesting as it is, however, it 
leaves still to seek the (1) originalem librum of Bar- 
tolomeo Valdezocco' (1472), and the scritto di 
mano medesima del poeta of Bembo (1501), which 
call for a manuscript entire of the Canzoniere.* 


* The abbreviated ‘ Bar. de Valde.’ is thus expanded by Morelli 
in his edition of the Rime, 1799. 

2 With regard to the Stagnino edition of 1513, it is the judgment 
of Carducci that it may be neglected as having no bearing. on the 
quest, for its claim of an autograph source is made at the end for 
the ‘ Triomphi,’ and not for the ‘Canzoniere.” Mention should 


II. F 














66 THE AUTOGRAPHS OF PETRARCH’S 


Going back to the Poet himself, it is well 
known that he affected to hold in slight estimation 
his compositions in the vulgar tongue. The verses 
had a wide circulation and much vogue in his day. 
To Boccaccio, who had burned his own verses in 
despair because of their inferiority to the sonnets 
in praise of Laura, Petrarch wrote that he himself 
had often thought of doing the same thing, and 
probably would have done so had they not become 
so widely circulated as to be beyond his control.' 
To one Giovanni of Arezzo (Giovanni di Matteo 
Feo?), who had expressed the wish to colleét all or 
his Italian compositions, he writes? acknowledging 
the honour, and suggesting the need of correéting 
what would be found here and there—often in the 
hands of people of little intelligence. A year or 
two before his death he sends to Pandolfo Mala- 
testa’ a copy of the ‘Cose volgari,’ with many 
apologies for their extravagancies of sentiment and 
excuses for the indifferent writing, because of the 


be made also of the edition of Hieronymo Soncino, the Hebrew 
printer of Fano, who issued in 1503 ‘Opere volgari di Messer 
Francesco Petrarca.’ In the letter ‘a gli le€tori,’ defending his 
introduction of the passage beginning ‘ Nel cor pien d’amarissima 
dolceza’ (rejected by Aldo), as ‘capitolo I. del Triompho della 
Fama,’ he says, ‘ Having in certain places deviated from the order 
followed by him who before me printed these works of Petrarca in 
cursive letters, and especially in the “Triumphs,” I state as the 
reason which has chiefly persuaded me to do this the fact that the 
copy was taken from the original by the hand of the author him- 
self.” Soncino here apparently claims an autograph source for the 
Triomphi only. It is interesting to note that the Stagnino (1513) 
edition has Soncino’s arrangement of the capitoli of the ‘Triumph 
of Fame.’ 
* Senili,’ v.2. 7? Ibid. xiii. 4. 3 Ibid. xiii, 10, Varia 9. 





*‘RERUM VULGARIUM FRAGMENTA.’ 67 


scarcity of good copyists. He mentions in the 
accompanying letter other pieces he has, so worn 
and torn that one can scarcely read them, for which 
he has left space in the copy sent—these he will 
send later if he can get them in shape. From the 
time of this letter, written 4th January, 1373, to 
6th November, 1472, the date of Valdezocco’s 
printing,’ the history of the autograph is a matter 
of conjecture only. In Padua, 4th April, 1370, 
Petrarch, then a resident canon of the Church, 
made his will, naming as his second heir in case 
of the death of his son-in-law, Francesco da 
Brossano, Lombardo della Seta, a friend and literary 
comrade. It is known that Lombardo had in his 
possession many of the Poet’s works, transcribing 
them for the use of scholars. It is narrated by 
Jacopo Morelli, for example,* that Niccolo Niccoli, 
a Florentine man of letters, and Fra Tebaldo della 
Casa, a Benedictine monk, repaired to Padua not 
many years after the death of Petrarch to make 
copies of his works. Morelli continues ‘at that 
time remained [in Padua] likewise the original of 
the “Canzoniere” of Petrarca from which was 
prepared the edition of Padua, 1472, the same 
perhaps which Cardinal Bembo had and used for 
the edition of 1501 made by Aldo, which after- 
wards passed to Fulvio Orsini, and by him was 


' It is not to be forgotten that two editions of the Rime were 
printed before Valdezocco’s—that of Vindelinus de Spira [Venice], 
1470, and that of Georg Lauer (as it is supposed), Roma, 
14 


71. 
2 Della pubblica libreria di S. Marco in Venezia,’ in his 
‘Operette,’ Venice, 1820. Tom. i. pp. 9-10. 














68 THE AUTOGRAPHS OF PETRARCH’S 


donated to the Libreria Vaticana, and served for the 
edition of Rome 1642, edited by F. Ubaldini.’* 

Among the works thus left in the possession of 
Lombardo della Seta was very probably the Poet’s 
revision of his ‘ Rerum vulgarium fragmenta.’ In 
Padua it seems to have remained, and there it was 
used by Valdezocco for the edition of 1472. In 
the thirty years that follow are produced as many 
editions, from presses of Venice, Bologna, Milan, 
generally with the commentary of Francesco 
Filelfo, none of them naming manuscript sources 
except the one bearing the imprint of Leonardus 
Achates in 1474, which was a reprint of the Val- 
dezocco edition. 

In 1501, Aldo Manuzio, a scholar who had 
learned Latin at Rome, Greek at Verona, and had 
taught them to a prince, established in Venice, the 
metropolis of Italian printing, a press devoted to 
the publication of classical literature—its fame, 
already illustrious, destined to endure while the 
knowledge of books remains. Cunning workmen 
he attached to the enterprise—designers, engravers, 
type-cutters—among them, one Francesco da 
Bologna for a year and a day cast his fortunes with 


* Morelli was not the first to contribute to this confusion of the 
Vatican cod. Lat. 3196 with the original of the Aldine edition. 
Apostolo Zeno, in notes on the life of Bembo by Giovanni Casa 
(‘ Deg!’ istorici delle cose Veneziane tomo ii. ; Le istorie Veneziane 
latinamente scritte da Pietro cardinale Bembo,’ 1718, p. xv.), has, 
Italica Petrarchae carmina priusquam tanta cura tantaque cum sua 
laude ederet idem Aldus anno M.D.1. cum eo codice contulit scripte, 
qui tum Bembi erat, nunc in Vaticana bibliotheca servatur, atque 
autographum opus creditur, unde variantes illas lectiones exscripsit, quae 
editae sunt, Federicus Ubaldinus. 








‘RERUM VULGARIUM FRAGMENTA.’ 69 


the scholar-printer, and designed for the Latin 
texts a new sort of type called the cursive, or 
chancelleresque, ‘and it was he who cut all the 
fonts of letters from which Aldo ever printed, as 
well as the present font, with a grace and beauty 
that speak for themselves,’ says Soncino in the 
Fano edition. Having launched the new types in 
the Aldine Virgil of 1501, Aldo, thinking no 
doubt how prettily they would dress Italian words, 
determined to try them on the beloved Rime of 
Petrarca.' The novelty and beauty of the printing 
excited the admiration of book-lovers, and other 
printers, quick to profit by the new fancy of their 
patrons, imitated these types, and even sought to 
have Francesco cut them similar fonts, whereupon 
Aldo petitioned the Signoria of Venice not to 


' A lingering tradition started by A. Firmin Didot (Alde Manuce 
& Venise, Paris, 1872, p. 163) from the passage in Aldo a gli lettori 
(Le cose volgari di F. Petrarca, f. 191a): et dal quale [scritto di sua 
mano] questa forma a lettra per lettra ¢ levata . . . is pleasingly 
rehearsed by D. W. Amram (‘The makers of Hebrew books in 
Italy,’ Philadelphia, 1909, pp. 99-100): ‘ There was a famous en- 
graver of Bologna, Francesco Griffo, who had cut many types for 
Aldo, and to whom Aldo showed one of his most precious posses- 
sions, acquired from a Paduan scholar—a copy of the poems of 
Messer Francesco Petrarca, written in Petrarca’s own beautiful 
hand. “ Make me types even like these letters of our divine poet!” 
and forthwith Francesco cut the counterfeit of the beautiful letters 
which enshrined the still more beautiful thought of the poet. 
Thereupon young Pietro Bembo, not yet the cardinal-poet sought 
in all the courts of Italy, edited the text, and there appeared in 
July, 1501, “ Le cose volgari di Messer Francesco Petrarca,” first 
of all Italian “ Aldine” books.’ Messer Francesco did indeed 
write in beautiful charaéters, but the types cut by Francesco da 
Bologna bear a far closer resemblance to the early sixteenth century 
hand of Bembo, as it appears in his transcript of the Canzoniere 
(cod. Vat. 3197), than to that of Petrarch. 














70 THE AUTOGRAPHS OF PETRARCH’S 


permit any other to make or imitate the Greek 
or the cursive Latin letters for ten years. 

This little book of 192 leaves, four by six inches, 
entered upon an interesting existence, exciting 
admiration, not only, but its full share of contro- 
versy, as well. There were critics on the earth in 
those days of July, 1501, who, at the first look, 
before the book was fairly on sale, lifted the brow 
a little. ‘Why did the printer give volgare and 
not vulgare, why canzoni and not canzone 
what, indeed, about the scritto di mano medesima 
del poeta’—and Aldo held back his stock,’ until 
he could prepare and insert an explanatory and 
reafirming statement under the caption ‘ Aldo a 
gli lettori,’ in which he gave reasons for his ortho- 
graphy, and said that if they found in this text 
differences from that with which they were 
acquainted, they would still do well to accept it and 
thus get at the true sense of the author—for it 
was taken from the text most carefully written by 
himself on parchment, which he had left to those 
who should come after him, ‘ which I have seen 
in the hands of the aforesaid M. Piero Bembo, 
who has other autograph writings of our poet, and 
this text formed from it is prepared letter by letter 
in such wise that, with all respeét to my censors, 
it is without errors.’ * 


* A. Hortis, ‘Catalogo delle opere di F. Petrarca esistenti nella 
Petrarchesea Rossettiana di Trieste,’ 1874, p. 24. 

? An interesting document (published by Ferrazzi—‘ Enciclo- 
pedia dantesca,’ Bassano, 1871, vol. iv., p. 304) is the Privilege 
granted, 26th June, 1501, by the Collegio di Rialto della Republica 
di Venezia for the printing of the Petrarca: Intesa la dimanda del 


ee 








*‘RERUM VULGARIUM FRAGMENTA.’ 71 


Aldo, thus doing his best to establish the authen- 
ticity of his edition, did indeed, as M. de Nolhac 
has said, lay the foundation of a persistent tradition 
to the effect that Bembo had in his possession 
the original manuscript of the Canzoniere. The 
Paduan editor of 1472 made his statement to a 
public not sufficiently curious to challenge its 
veracity. Neither Aldo nor Bembo seem to have 
been acquainted with it. Literary progress is 
manifest in the curiosity and scepticism met by the 
Aldine. Confirmation of the genuineness of Aldo’s 
claim appears in a document found in the archives 
of Mantua, first published by Armand Baschet. ' 
This is a letter of Lorenzo da Pavia, writing as the 
agent of Isabella Gonzaga, the 26th of July, rs5o1. 
The princess having asked him to procure for her 
copies ‘in carta bona’ of the Virgil, Petrarch and 
Ovid printed by Manuzio, he says in reply, ‘ The 
Petrarca is not yet finished, but will be in about 
ten days. Only fifteen copies are done on fine 
paper, because of scarcity of the paper. Your 
Highness shall, nevertheless, have one of the 
Petrarcas, outside of the fifteen, and they have 
promised that your copy shall be selected leaf by 
leaf, in order that your Highness may have the 
most beautiful one, which is the more easily effected 


nobil huomo Sier Carlo Bembo de Sier Bernardo doctor et cavalier, 
quale havendo cum summa sua diligentia et cura trovato uno Petrarcha 
et uno Dante, scripti de mano propria de ipsi Petrarcha et Dante, de- 
sideraria per essere correttissimi quelli far imprimere et stampare in 
questa citta . . . (with exclusive right for ten years). Why the 
‘Privilege’ is taken out by the brother of Bembo is not quite 
evident. 


t ‘Aldo Manuzio,’ Venice, 1867. 














72 THE AUTOGRAPHS OF PETRARCH’S 


since this publication is made by [Aldo] in con- 
junction with M. Piero Bembo, who is most 
devoted to your Highness. He it was who pro- 
cured the manuscript, which Petrarca wrote with 
his own hand, to use. This manuscript I too have 
had in my hands. It belongs to a Paduan, who 
valued it so highly that he has had it printed thus, 
letter by letter, with the utmost care.’ 

Counter testimony appears in the statement of 
Alessandro Vellutello of Lucca in the preface of 
his edition, ‘ Le volgari opere del Petrarcha.’' He 
justifies a change in the order of the poems of the 
‘Canzoniere’ by assuming that the Poet did not 
leave them arranged, but upon separate leaves, one 
editor after another having followed the arrange- 
ment of the first. Quoting Aldo’s claim as to the 
original, he says: ‘Messer Pietro Bembo, with 
whom I have spoken of this matter, says that this 
work was prepared, not from the original of the 
Poet, as Aldo would have it, but from certain early 
texts, and especially the sonetti and canzoni from 
one which we have seen, and which is to-day in 
Padua in the possession of Messer Danielle da Santa 
Sophia.’ This statement seems never to have been 
contradicted by Bembo, who the same year, in his 
‘Prose nelle quali si ragiona della volgar lingua,’ 
cites? from some sheets he has seen scritte di mano 
medesima del poeta, ‘in which were certain passages 
of his verse which in those leaves showed that he 
had revised them after he had composed them: 
some were entire, some clipped off, others cancelled 


' Vinegia, Fratelli da Sabbio, 1525. 2 f, xxiiii. 








‘RERUM VULGARIUM FRAGMENTA.’ 73 


in many places and changed many times ’—words 
which describe the actual appearance of the frag- 
mentary collection (cod. 3196) as we know it 
to-day. 

Lodovico Beccadelli, archbishop of Ragusa 
(1502-72), wrote a life of Petrarch. First pub- 
lished in Tomasini’s ‘ Petrarcha redivivus’ (Patavii, 
1650), it was largely added to by Morelli in his 
edition of the ‘Rime di Francesco Petrarca,’' from 
the manuscript of Fontanini. In this edition 
occurs the following passage relating to manuscripts 
of Petrarch : 


The folios written by his hand I have seen. They 
are of two sorts. The first were the ones which Mon- 
signor Bembo showed me in Padua in 1530, when I was 
staying there, which he kept with great care among many 
other treasures in his study. They were in greater part 
sonetti and canzoni. The others, in the same hand, I 
saw ten years later in the possession of Monsignor M. 
Baldassare da Pescia, clerk of the Chamber, who had 
them, I know not whence, to send to King Francis of 
France. They were almost all the Trionfi, hes that of 
Death to that of Time. These writings were certainly 
by his hand, for not only were the letters formed as in 
other things which he had left written, the lines were 
corrected and erased as no one but the author himself 
could have done. And I noticed that the writings were 
of two kinds. The one more confused and in separate 
leaves, the other in miglor carta and arranged, without 
interlines and glosses, whence it is clearly seen that the 
one was the first sketch, so to speak, of his composition, 
the other was arranged after the index (registro) with 
accurate references. 


* Verona, Giuliari, 1799. 











74 THE AUTOGRAPHS OF PETRARCH’'S 


These manuscripts, as Monsignor Bembo told me, 
were at the death of Petrarca left in the hands of his 
heirs, or of some friend, who he thought was Lombardo 
della Seta of Padua, the friend so dear to whom are 
many allusions in the Latin writings. These or others 
preserved them and left them to others still, who held 
them in great care, and we have seen that the first im- 
pression was made of the Rime in Padua, ninety-eight 
years after the death of Petrarca, in 1472 . . . in which 
the printers said that they had taken it from the original. 
This is easy to believe, since the spelling is the same 
which he left, and the printers were not careless as to 
what makes a good text... . Thus in Padua was first 
printed the ‘Canzoniere’ of Petrarca, and afterwards in 
many other places, and it was prepared from the same 
manuscript which, as Bembo says, was kept, as he thinks, 
to the time when Padua was sacked by the Germans in 
1509, since which time the same folios have been seen. 
Some soldier may have taken those books and scattered 
them, and the leaves coming to the hands of a discerning 
person, were preserved as holy relics—those which I 
have mentioned, and perhaps others of which I have no 
knowledge. 


Bernardino Daniello da Lucca, in 1541, dedicat- 
ing an edition of the ‘ Sonetti Canzoni e Triomphi 
di Messer Francesco Petrarcha’ to the Bishop of 
Brescia, writes: ‘Your Reverence will thus have 
many things omitted by the other expositors— 
things concerning the sense, as well as the style, 
not to mention different readings in many places, 
taken from g/i scritti di man propria del Petrarcha.’ 
In 1549 this is republished ‘ad instanza di Gioam- 
battista Pederzano,’ who addresses the reader: ‘ You 
have besides, a brief discourse upon divers readings 














*‘REROUM VULGARIUM FRAGMENTA.’ 75 


taken from the manuscript di man propria di esso 
poeta.’ 

In 1544 Bembo, then cardinal and living at 
Rome, received from Girolamo Quirini, writing 
from Venice, information of an autograph of the 
Canzoniere found at Padua. Bembo urges Quirini 
to procure the book if possible. ‘It must be the 
one I have been seeking,’ he writes, and to make 
identification possible, he sends to Quirini his 
autograph manuscript of the Latin Eclogues of 
Petrarch, ‘ written in his hand also on parchment, 
as was that one. . . . That had only the sonnets 
and the canzoni—not the triumphs. . . . It was 
not written in finished form and beautiful letters 
throughout, as is this one of his Bucolica. The 
original Petrarca had nowhere any postillae, as you 
write. This makes me more certain that the one 
you describe may be the same that I have seen.’ 

That the testimony noted thus far is in certain 
points confusing is to be admitted. From the 
letter just cited it is evident that Bembo had never 
owned the manuscript, as might be inferred from 
Aldo’s expression havuto da M. Piero Bembo, but he 
had seen it and noted its pages. That he had used 
it to the extent implied in preparing an edition 
from it is certainly not suggested. Aldo’s subscrip- 
tion is made at the end of the ‘ Triomphi,’ whereas 
Bembo says explicitly that the ‘Triomphi’ were 
wanting in the manuscript with which he was 
acquainted. V. Cian, in a review of De Nolhac’s 
‘La bibliotheque de Fulvio Orsini,’' cites from a 


t Giornale Storico,’ xi. 244. 





| 
' 
| 
: 
i 


ee ee ee ee eee ee 








76 THE AUTOGRAPHS OF PETRARCH’S 


letter of Bembo to his secretary Cola Bruno, dated 
10th December, 1540: ‘Look at those folios 
written in Petrarca’s hand in the cypress box, 
where are some parts of chapters of the “Trionfi” ; 
if that of the Divinita is there, see the lines: 
Vedrassi quanto in van cura . . . See how these 
are written, and send meacopy.’ The unaccount- 
able statement in the ‘ Privilege’ of the autograph 
of Dante in the possession of Sier Carlo Bembo 
has, above all, a curious ring. These and other 
things lead one critic of to-day" to the firm con- 
clusion that the history of the autograph Canzoniere 
begins with Bembo’s acquisition of it in 1544. 
Lorenzo di Pavia no doubt, Salvo Cozzo thinks, 
wrote his letter in good faith, but he was not a 
palaeographer, and merely echoed reports which 
Aldo, in complicity with Bembo, took pains to 
spread to lay the foundation of a splendid falsehood 
which was to inaugurate the golden age of Pet- 
rarchism. ‘But why in his second edition of 
1514 does he omit the statement of the autograph 
source? Aldo indeed, in petitioning the “ Privilege” 
for the two works, practised a double deception, 
but perceiving the distrust of his contemporaries 
he sought to repair the first, and he never carried 
out the second.” A number of years before Salvo 
Cosso, Adolfo Borgognoni took a good deal of 
pains to make out the case against Bembo’s owner- 
ship or handling of the autograph in 1501, con- 
tending that he had in the preparation of his text 


* G. Salvo Cozzo, ‘Il “codice Vaticano 3195,” e l’edizione 
aldina del 1501.’ 

















*‘RERUM VULGARIUM FRAGMENTA.’ 77 


copied the Valdezocco, save for certain arbitrary 
variations. * 

In 1544, at any rate, Bembo did through Gir- 
olamo Quirini, aided by Benedetto Ramberti, 
librarian of Saint Mark’s, Venice, for the sum of 
80 zecchini, become the owner of the autograph 
designated in the correspondence already quoted. 
He writes to Quirini, 20th September, 1544, 
expressing keen gratification over the acquisition : 
‘I cannot say how greatly I prize it. If my friend 
were to give me five hundred zecchini I would 
not give it to him.’ Friends shared his pleasure 
and profited by his good fortune. Cod. Vat. 4787, 
the Canzoniere of Petrarch once in possession of 
Angelo Colocci (1467-1549), has various notes of 
Colocci made from collation with an autograph of 
Petrarch, as the following: ‘ita enim est ordo in 
libro digitis d. F. Petrarcae scripto, quem vidi’— 
‘Hic ordo est in libro F. Petr’—the collation 
probably made from Bembo’s treasure. Lodovico 
Dolce? cites the Bembo manuscript: ‘I have seen 
in the collection of the Most Reverend Bembo, in 
a manuscript so early that it is afirmed to be by 
the Poet himself’—as authority for correétions 
made in the edition he prepared for the press of 
Gabriele Giolito. Dolce, however, in a letter to 
Benedetto Varchi, dated 17th June, 1553 (the 
‘ Osservazioni’ were first published in 1 550), replying 


* Se Monsignor Pietro Bembo abbia mai avuto un codice auto- 
grafo del canzoniere del Petrarca; lettera a T. L.’ Ravenna, 
1877. 

2 “Osservazioni nella volgar lingua,’ 6* ed., Vinegia, 1560, 
P- 43. 








78 THE AUTOGRAPHS OF PETRARCH’S 


to Varchi’s criticism of a certain reading based 
upon the Aldine text, writes: ‘You know well, 
Sr. Varchi, that Aldo, in the first Petrarca which 
he printed, says that the copy was taken from the 
manuscript in the handwriting of the Poet pos- 
sessed by Bembo. But you know also that Bembo 
had no other autograph than a few fragments. 
Aldo then, to meet the charge of temerity from 
the unintelligent, resorted to a falsehood for the 
good of all concerned.’ 


Bembo dying in 1547, left to his son Torquato 
his libraries of Padua and of Rome, with other art 
collections. Duly prized by Torquato was the 
original of the ‘Canzoniere,’ and scholars were 
permitted by him to examine it. Girolamo Rus- 
celli judged it not by the hand of Petrarch. In 
the preface to his edition of ‘Il Petrarca’' he says 
he has collated his text with the manuscript of 
Monsignor Bembo, now possessed by Monsignor 
Torquato Bembo, and ‘for many reasons it is 
believed by many to be in the hand of Petrarca 
himself, nevertheless, I (to maintain in literary 
matters the sincerity due to my readers) am for 
many other reasons in doubt about it.’ Vincenzo 
Borghini, writing to Filippo Giunti in 1562, 
dwells upon the imperfect orthography of the old 
writers, all of whom were bad spellers, ‘even to the 
autograph of Petrarca.’? Basilio Zanchi made a 
collation of the manuscript in January, 1546, and 


* Venetia, Pietrasanta, 1554. 
**Raccolti di prose fiorentine’ [by C. R. Dati]. Venezia, 
1751, pfe. 4 vol. iv., pp. 80-1. 





‘RERUM VULGARIUM FRAGMENTA.’ 79 


wrote in his copy of the Aldine edition printed in 
1546 (now in the Vatican Library), ‘Ex Basilij 
Zanchij exemplari cum archetypo manu Petrarchae 
(ut creditur) scripto, collato 1557 mens. Jan. Die 
Divi Antonii.’ Antonio Maria Amadi, in ‘ Anno- 
tazioni sopra una canzone morale,’ Padova, 1565, 
pp: 51-52, referring to the line ‘ Senno a non comin- 
clare tropp’alte imprese,’ says to the suggestion 
that Petrarch may have written, not cominciare, but 
cominciar: ‘It is so in the original and authentic 
[MS.] by the hand of Petrarca himself, which is 
kept as a holy relic to-day by Monsignor Bembo, 
in whose hands I have seen it—cominciare, not 
cominciar.’ 

On the 4th December, 1574, Fulvio Orsini, the 
most accomplished bibliophile of his time, wrote 
to his friend Gianvincenzo Pinelli, a man of similar 
tastes and pursuits, then associated with Torquato 


Bembo, asking his aid in negotiating with Bembo 
for certain precious manuscripts included in the 
legacy from the cardinal. He held himself ready 
to exchange certain statues and curios for the 
books. In August of the following — Pinelli 


sends to Orsini a list of the treasures of the library 
at Padua, ending with the autograph ‘Carmen 
bucolicum’ and ‘Canzoniere’ of Petrarch. Bembo 
seems to have been a difficult man to drive a trade 
with, and the negotiation proceeds slowly. In the 
spring of 1581 Torquato makes a journey to Rome, 
where a personal interview results in the long 
desired possession by Orsini of the Petrarch auto- 
graphs, the ‘Carmen bucolicum,’ the folios of 
3196, the ‘ Canzoniere,’ for which a marble bust of 














80 THE AUTOGRAPHS OF PETRARCH’S 


Hadrian is given in exchange. Felicitations were 
forthcoming. Cardinal de Granvelle writes from 
Madrid: Gran tesoro ha havuto V. S. dal nepote del 
Bembo havendo |’aftographo del Petrarca di quelle sue 
opere che V. S. dice, tesoro nuovo accresciuto alla sua 
libreria. ‘Teobaldi, canon of San Giovanni in 
Laterano, writes to Ferdinand, Grand Duke of 
Tuscany, of the event (2nd April, 1581), suggest- 
ing that the manuscript would be the most fitly 
owned by his highness, and expressing the hope that 
Signor Fulvio Orsini would some day see fit to 
bestow it upon the Grand Duke. Angelo Rocca, 
in 1591, describing libraries of Rome,' devotes a 
paragraph to that of Orsini, with especial mention 
of the Petrarch “ber ipsius auétoris manu conscriptus. 
Literary criticism of the period gives now and 
then a glimpse of the treasure. The comment of 
Girolamo Fracchetta on Guido Cavalcanti’s canzone 
‘Donna me prega,’* cites a passage from Petrarch, 
‘The Canzoniere which is believed to be in his 
own hand, formerly possessed by Cardinal Bembo, 
and now by Fulvio Orsini,’ and Girolamo Muzio, 
alluding to the old controversy in his ‘ Battaglie,’3 
under the caption ‘Che nelle stampe del Petrarca 
sono pochi errori,’ says: ‘Although it is indeed 
believed that the editions of Aldo came from the 
originals of Petrarca, this does not prove that they 
contain no errors.’ 

Fulvio Orsini is the possessor of the manuscript 
from 1581 until his death in 1600. His rich col- 


' ©Bibliotheca Apostolica Vaticana,’ p. 401. 
2 Venezia, 1585, f. 122. 3 Vinegia, 1582. 

















*‘RERUM VULGARIUM FRAGMENTA.’ 81 


lection of books he bequeathed to the Vatican 
Library, preparing with his own hands a list of 
them, and requesting that each book and manu- 
script should for ever bear note of its source. In 
a number of instances this note either was neglected 
or was lost, and thus it came about that the auto- 
graph Canzoniere bore no mark of its source or its 
character as an original. First in Orsini’s list, it 
was thus described: ‘1. Petrarca le canzone et 
sonetti scritti di mano sua in carta pergamena in 
foglio et ligato di velluto paonazo,’ followed by 
‘2. Petrarca li sonetti, canzone et capitoli scritti di 
mano sua in papiro con molte mutationi in foglio 
et ligato in velluto rosino.’” De Nolhac' says that 
in the inventory of Orsini’s books prepared by 
Rainaldi in 1602, numbers 1 and 2 are wanting. 
Tomasini’s ‘ Petrarcha redivivus,’ published 1630, 
1635, 1650, 1735, in successive editions, with its 
variety of interesting material, has a chapter 
‘Francisci Petrarchae Opera MS. quae asseruantur 
in Bibliotheca Vaticana,’ prepared by Leone Allacci, 
in which one finds (pp. 39-40 of the two earlier 
editions): ‘Carmina Italica. Voi che ascoltate .. . 
scriptum autographum Petrarche 3195 ex perg. 
in fol.’; and in the manuscript catalogue of the 
Vatican Library, prepared by the brothers Rainaldi 
early in the seventeenth century, and still in use, is 
the entry: ‘3195. Francisci Petrarchae rerum vul- 
garium opera... Ex pergameno c. s. no. 72, 
Antigq. manu propria Auctoris’—a remarkable, if 
not a solitary, instance of the futility of the library 


1 € Le canzoniere autographe,’ p. 25. 
Il. G 














82 THE AUTOGRAPHS OF PETRARCH’S 


catalogue as a means of enlightenment concerning 
library contents. Notwithstanding the faét that 
this catalogue has always been accessible, Narducci, 
in his ‘Catalogo dei codici petrarcheschi delle 
biblioteche Barberina, Chigiana, Corsiniana, Valli- 
celliana e Vaticana,’ Roma, 1874, makes the entry: 
‘Vat. 3195. Rime. Codice membranaceo del 
secolo xiv. A car. 1, Francisci Petrarche lJaureati 
poete Rerum vulgarium fragmenta. . . . with no 
note of its reputed source. 

It was not, however, entirely unknown in succeed- 
ing years. The ‘ Mescolanze’' of Gilles Ménage 
contains a letter of the Accademia della Crusca to 
Menage and G. Cappellano on a disputed reading 
of the verse Forse, o che spero! . . . in which is 
cited ‘ The original manuscript by the hand of the 
author which is preserved in the Libreria Vaticana, 
no. 3195. The letter is dated 8th October, 1654, 
and is signed ‘ Lo Smarrito,’ theacademic pseudonym 
of Carlo Roberto Dati. Crescimbene’s ‘ Istoria 
della volgar poesia,’ published in 1698, 1714, 
1730-31, has,” ‘As to manuscripts, we have seen 
two in the Vatican, one by the hand of the author 
himself, which is cod. 3195, the other in the hand 
of Bembo.’ With the imprint ‘ Berlino e Stral- 
sunda presso Amadeo Augusto Lange’ was published 
in 1785, ‘Le rime italiane del Petrarca . . . edi- 
zione di Giuseppe Valenti’—reprinted in 1799. 
The preface (1799) has (p. xvii.) : ‘In the Vatican 
Library are preserved two manuscripts of the 


* 2* ed. Rotterdamo, 1692, p. 40. 
? Vol. ii., p. 302 (1731). 

















‘RERUM VULGARIUM FRAGMENTA.’ 83 


poetic works of Petrarca, one in his own hand 
(codice 3195), the other written by Bembo (codice 
3197). It is added that in the ‘Biblioteca di 
Firenze’ are shown two manuscripts which the 
Accademia della Crusca prefers to those of the 
Vatican. Baldelli’s ‘ Del Petrarca e delle sue opere 
libri quattro,’ 1797, mentions p. 225, ‘ The famous 
autograph manuscript of the Canzoniere possessed 
by the Vatican Library, and formerly owned by 
the celebrated Cardinal Bembo, from which was 
made by Aldo the edition of 1501.’ 

During this period cod. Vat. 3195 seems indeed 
to have been known rather generally as a reputed 
autograph, while the testimony of palaeographers is 
against its authenticity. Thus Pierantonio Serassi, 
editor of the Petrarch Rime,' writes from Rome 
to P. Antonio Evangelii, rst February, 1777,? a 
letter concerning a manuscript of Petrarch’s 
poetical epistle to Giovanni di Dondi, in which he 
says: ‘I had examined many years ago all the 
manuscripts of Petrarca found in the Vatican, and 
particularly the two believed to be autographs. 
At the first glance I saw that this one sent by you 
was more like the writing of codex 3195, thought 
by some to be the original, than that of the Frag- 
ments, which are undoubtedly by the hand of 
Petrarca, and which form the codex Vaticanus 
3196. Examining again the manuscripts and 
comparing them with the sheet sent, I can say 
assuredly that its characters have very little likeness 


* Bergamo, Lancellotti, 1746, 1752. 
2 De Nolhac; ‘ De patrum et medii aevi scriptorum codicibus 
in bibliotheca Petrarcae,’ Paris, 1892, pp. 45-6. 











84 THE AUTOGRAPHS OF PETRARCH’S 


to those of the manuscript of the Fragments. . . 
while the writing of 3195 is certainly very similar 
to this epistle to Dondi ; but I do not believe that 
this codex (3195) is by the hand of Petrarca, 
although I think it may have been written for the 
Poet by a careful copyist, and may thus be called 
original because it came by direétion from the 
hands of the author. . . . The letter to Giovanni 
Dondi may then be regarded as original, written 
by an amanuensis of the author, perhaps the same 
one who wrote Codex 3195.’ And in 1799 Jacopo 
Morelli, librarian of the Biblioteca Marciana in 
Venice, preparing his edition of the Rime’, engaged 
his friend Gaetano Marini, custodian of archives 
in the Vatican, to examine ‘il codice Vaticano 
marcato col numero 3185’ [sic] which he had seen 
listed as an autograph by Tomasini, referred to by 
Menagio, and which he suspeéts may be the 
manuscript scritto di mano medesima del Poeta hauuto 
da Messer Piero Bembo. ‘The report is* ‘ The codex 
3195 is on parchment and is beautiful and clear, is 
certainly not by the hand of the author, though of 
his time, and written in a hand resembling the 
Petrarch, which was also beautiful, as I have been 
convinced by the comparison with the Frammenti 
originali. It has no postillae, nor the Trionfi, but 
the Sonetti and the Canzoni. The Fragments are 
numbered 3196, are on paper, the same which 
were published by Federigo Ubaldini.’ This report 
Morelli accepts as final. 


* Verona, Stamperia Guiliari. 
2 Morelli’s Preface, pp. x.-xi. 











‘RERUM VULGARIUM FRAGMENTA.’ 85 


In this judgment the editors of the nineteenth 
century rested. So zealous a student of Petrarch 
as Meneghelli in 1809 has nothing to say of auto- 
graphs except as the source of Ubaldini’s edition, 
and as described by Beccadelli.. We have seen 
how Marsand in 1820 had no dream of an existing 
autograph, and it is scarcely mentioned by his 
successors. In 1825 a stir was made among 
Petrarch scholars by the report, first published in 
the ‘Giornale arcadico’ of Rome, that an Italian, 
Luigi Arrighi, had discovered in St. Petersburg 
the veritable autograph used by Bembo. A mono- 
graph by Arrighi was published by the Department 
of Public Instruction of St. Petersburg, and re- 
printed by G. Silvestri in Milan in 1826, with the 
title: ‘ Illustrazioni e dichiarazioni intorno ad un 
codice autografo delle poesie volgari di Francesco 
Petrarca, scoperto e posseduto dal Signor Cavaliere 
Luigi Arrighi in Pietroburgo.’ Of its claim to 
authenticity Marsand says* that the annotations of 
the editor of the monograph (signing himself 
A. M. F. I.) sufficiently disprove it, and show 
that the text was not only unauthentic but bad. 
Friedrich Blume, in his ‘ Iter Italicum3,’ discussing 
the disposition of Bembo’s manuscript, says that 
the Petrarch autograph is sought in vain in the 
Vatican. He then cites the claim of Arrighi, with 
the observation that no credence is given it by 
Italian scholars. In 1867 Cristoforo Pasqualigo 


* *Saggio sopra il canzoniere del Petrarca.’ Venezia, 1812, 
p. 12. 

2 «Bibliotheca petrarchesca,’ p. 209. 

3 Halle, 1824-36, vol. iii., p. 183. 











86 THE AUTOGRAPHS OF PETRARCH’S 


essays certain ‘ Varianti e correzioni ai Trionfi di 
Francesca Petrarca tratte dai migliori codici a 
penna e dalle piu antiche stampe.’ On the subject 
of the Aldine of 1501 and its source, he says: ‘If 
the manuscript was indeed an autograph it is 
difficult to understand how during the whole six- 
teenth century it should have been counted as lost, 
no one mentioning it any more, unless we accept 
as faét the hypothesis that it was destroyed by 
German soldiers in the sack of Padua. In 1876 
Carducci, as we have seen, considers the text 
established by Marsand. The Aldine tradition 
he accepts, citing Beccadelli’s account of the matter, 
with no suggestion as to the fate of the precious 
source. A year later Borgognoni published the 
conclusions already summarized. Twice during 
the century was Vellutello’s experiment of changing 
the order of the poems of the ‘Canzoniere’ re- 
peated, by Meneghelli in his edition of Padova, 
V. Crescini, 1819, and by Luigi Domenico Spadi 
in ‘ I] Canzoniere di Francesco Petrarca riordinato,’ 
Firenze, A. Bettini, 1858. (Spadi places the 
sonnet, Voi ch’ascoltate .. . at the end of the 
*Sonetti e canzoni in vita di Laura.’) Interest in 
the question of the Aldine and the autograph, and 
Bembo’s aétual use of it, did not, however, become 
extinét. Naturally, when a scholar such as Vittorio 
Cian comes to the study of the poet cardinal,’ he 
does not omit discussion of it. It is Cian who 
brings to bear upon it the letter of Lorenzo di 


‘Un decennio della vita di M. Pietro Bembo,’ 1521-31. 
Torino, 1885. 














*‘RERUM VULGARIUM FRAGMENTA.’ 87 


Pavia, and, indeed, he reviews the whole matter 
most completely, maintaining that Bembo had and 
used the autograph in the Aldine. 

In a review of Cian’s study published in the 
‘Revue Critique’ the 4th of January, 1886, 
M. Pierre de Nolhac concludes with the interesting 
words: ‘In order to reassure M. Cian as to Bembo’s 
literary veracity, I cannot resist the pleasure of 
informing him that the precious autograph is again 
come to light. One of my friends has confided to 
me that he has had his hand upon the manuscript ; 
his discovery—such it appears—will bear no resem- 
blance to the mystification of 1825. He cannot 
yet make public the result of his researches, but he 
has promised not to carry his secret with him to 
the grave. M. de Nolhac was at the time a 
student at the Ecole de Rome, and was delving 
among the Orsini treasures in the Vatican, in the 
preparation of his history of that famous colle¢tion. 
Associated with him was the ‘friend,’ M. Ernest 
Langlois. The full account of the discovery that 
cod. Vat. 3195 was indeed the manuscript finally 
authorized by the Poet, written in part by his 
own hand and wholly under his revision, and its 
identification with the original of the Aldine 
edition, was communicated by M. de Nolhac in a 
paper presented to the Academie des Inscriptions 
et Belles Lettres, 24th May, 1886, and was pub- 
lished in a brochure of 150 copies under the title 
‘Le Canzoniere autographe de Pétrarque.’ 

At the same time that M. de Nolhac’s researches 
were going on, Dr. Arthur Pakscher, a young 
German scholar, was engaged in a study of the 

















88 THE AUTOGRAPHS OF PETRARCH’S 


Provencal Canzoniere contained in cod. Vat. 3208 
—number 22 of the ‘ Nota di libri vulgari scritti 
in penna’ in the catalogue of Fulvio Orsini. 
Number 1 of the same list, then unidentified with 
any Vatican codex, was the already noted ‘ Petrarca 
le canzone et sonetti scrutti di mano sua... .’ 
Pakscher’s interest was aroused, with the result 
that on 16th May, 1886, he likewise submitted 
to a learned society a memoir setting forth the 
grounds of his conclusion that this number 1 was 
none other than cod. Vat. 3195, and at the session, 
2oth June, of the Accademia dei Lincei of Rome, 
Professors d’Ancona and Monaci reported upon 
the Memoir.' In the ‘ Zeitschrift fiir romanische 
Philologie’ of the same year,’ Pakscher published 
‘Aus einem Katalog des Fulvius Ursinus’ giving 
his account of the matter. In the ‘ Nachtrag’ he 
presses somewhat eagerly his claim to priority or 
publication, pointing out that his discovery was 
reported eight days earlier than De Nolhac’s. Mr. 
Willard Fiske, in a letter to the ‘ Nation’ of 18th 
August, 1886, observed: ‘ The controversy thereby 
initiated is not likely to be less bitter in that the 
two adversaries are of different nationalities.’ 
Happily, the learned world, accepting a conclusion 
thus reinforced, gave to each at once full credit 
for original discovery, and there was mutual recog- 
nition instead of a quarrel. Italians may have felt 
a certain chagrin at their own inertia—‘ Cosi noi 
Italiani mercé la sbadataggine e trascuranza nostra 


' Pakscher’s Memoir was not published—see the Academy’s 
‘Rendiconti,’ vol, ii., serie 4, seduta del 20 giugno 1886. 
2 Bd. x., pp. 205-45. 




















‘“RERUM VULGARIUM FRAGMENTA.’ 89 


dobbiamo chiamarci grati ai dotti stranieri che 
vengano a rimetterci in possesso di cid che noi 
avevamo abbandonato all’obblio, che vengano a 
restituirne la conoscenza di cid che noi ci eravamo 
indurati a ignorare.’* 

The importance of the discovery, or rediscovery, 
was thus commented on by Mr. Fiske, in the letter 
cited: ‘It naturally puts an end, so far as the 
whole of Petrarch’s Italian verse is concerned, to 
all discussion in regard to the text. It renders 
more doubtful than ever, even if it does not 
completely disprove, the genuineness of those 
innumerable sonnets and canzoni which the literati 
have exhumed from various repositories of manu- 
scripts and edited, per mozze or otherwise, as 
compositions of Petrarch, omitted from his printed 
works. It establishes the faét that the modest 
title bestowed by Petrarch upon his Italian lyrics 
was “Rerum vulgarium fragmenta ” —that is, 
“Fragments in the Italian Tongue.”’ It may be 
added that the knowledge of the author’s order of 
the verses, thus established, furnishes a valuable 
clue to the critic, as to the biographer. Says M. 
Henry Cochin, ‘ Hier il n’était pas possible de 
raisonner absolument, faute d’un texte i et bien 
assuré. Les critiques méme de la pure esthétique 
et qui dédaignent le modeste travail de l’érudit, 

* Carducci e Ferrari, ‘ Le rime di F. Petrarca,’ Pref., p. xvii. 

2 Much has of course been done since these words were written, 
notably by Angelo Solerti in his ‘Rime disperse di Francesco 
Petrarca o a lui attribuite, per la prima volta raccolte. Ed. pos- 
tuma, con prefazione, introduzione e bibliografia,’ by V. Cian. 
Firenze, 1909. 

3 Giornale storico,’ lv. 140, 1910. 











go THE AUTOGRAPHS OF PETRARCH’S 


sont bien obligés de reconnaitre que quelque chose 
est changé depuis que nous possédons ce texte.’ 
One very happy result, which in our larger 
libraries must be admired by a large number of 
people, both lay and learned, is the publication by 
the Vatican Library (1905) of a beautiful photo- 
graphic facsimile of the precious codex, with 
a comprehensive introduction by Mgr. Marco 
Vattasso. In this introduction is given a minute 
description of the manuscript, which consists of 
72. leaves of parchment arranged in two fascicules, 
containing the two parts of the Canzoniere, written 
in beautiful Gothic minuscule charaéters, partly 
by Petrarch, partly by a copyist named Giovanni, 
and all revised and correéted by the Poet. Ff. 
1-38", 53-62 are (except a few passages) in the 
hand of the copyist, and were written, Mgr. 
Vattasso believes, in the years 1366-1368; the 
autograph portion, ff. 38°-49' 63-72, (ff. 49-52 
are blank), and the revision were begun a little later 
by Petrarch, and carried on up to the end of his 
life. An index of three pages prepared by a later 
hand precedes the text." 

It remains to indicate some conclusions of critics 
as to the early editions—that of Padua, 1472, and 
the Aldine of 1501. Of those who have prepared 
editions from the autograph, Mestica agrees with 
M. de Nolhac that Valdezocco’s statement is 
verified by the correspondence of the edition of 


' Fora description quite as minute and more generally accessible 
than this one, the reader is referred to Vattasso’s admirable ‘I codici 
petrarcheschi della Biblioteca Vaticana,’ Roma, Tip. Vaticana, 


1908. 











‘RERUM VULGARIUM FRAGMENTA.’ g1 


1472 with the rediscovered autograph, which they 
regard as its source, notwithstanding many in- 
accuracies of printing. Ferrari inclines to this 
belief, but suspends judgment. Salvo Cozzo dis- 
credits it. Vattasso, from an examination of the 
1474 reprint, finds satisfactory evidence that its 
original was cod. 3195. 

The Aldine is in even more uncertain case. 
M. de Nolhac, certain in 1886 that he had dis- 
covered Bembo’s original, retreats from this position 
before the arguments presented by Salvo Cozzo to 
the effect that Bembo first knew the autograph in 
1544, and that the Aldine was printed from cod. 
Vat. 3197, Bembo’s autograph copy of the Can- 
zoniere, which shows many variants from 3195. In 
the new edition of his ‘ Pétrarque et ’humanisme,’' 
1907, he admits that his first conclusion is dis- 
proved by Salvo Cozzo. Carl Appel (1891), as 
well as Dr. Pakscher (1886), were in agreement 
with De Nolhac—Pakscher, however, regarding 
Bembo’s manuscript 3197 as copied from 3195 and 
itself used in the printing. Mestica believes that 
Bembo’s copy 3197 was the manuscript used, but 
thinks that before giving it to the press Bembo 
collated it with the Petrarch autograph, which 
thus served as the text of the Canzoniere in the 
Aldine, though incompletely, and with the arbi- 
trary variations of Bembo. Modigliani, who traces 
Bembo’s hand here and there in 3195, believes, 
nevertheless, that Bembo never touched it until 
1544. Sfudicibus dissentientibus quis dijudicet? 


* 1907, tom. i., p. 109. 








g2 THE AUTOGRAPHS OF PETRARCH’S 


BIBLIOGRAPHY. 
I. 


EDITIONS OF THE CANZONIERE BASED ON THE 
AUTOGRAPHS. 


1. Francisci petrarcae laureati poetae/nec non secretarii 
apostolici/benemeriti. Rerum /uulgariu fragmé-/ta ex 
originali/libro extraéta/In urbe pa/tauina li/ber abso/ 
lutus est /foelici/ter./ BAR. de Valde. patauus. F. F./ 
Martinus de septem arboribus Prutenus./MCCCCLXXII./ 
DIE VI. NO/VEN/BIRS. f°. ff. (188). 


Reprinted with the imprint : 


2. Vrbs Basilea mihi nome é Leoardus achates:/Anno 
christi humanati .Mcccc.lxxiiii./ Venet. Duce. Nicol. 
Marcel. f°. ff. (174). 


3. LE COSE VOLGARI/DI MESSER/FRANCESCO PETRARCHA. 
At end: Impresso in Vinegia nelle case d’ Aldo Romano,/ 
nel anno .MDI. del mese di Luglio, et tolto con/som- 
missima diligenza dallo scritto di mano me/desima del 
Poeta, hauuto da M. Piero Bembo/Con la concessione 
della Illustrissima si/gnoria nostra, che per.x.anni/nessuno 
possa stampare il/Petrarcha sotto le/pene, che in lei/si 
conten/gono. sm. 8°. ff. (192). 


4. Le/rime di M. Francesco Petrarca/estratte da un 
suo originale./I] trattato/delle virtu morali/di Roberto re 
di gerusalemme./II tesoretto/di Ser Brvnetto Latini./Con 
quattro canzoni /di Bindo Bonichi/da Siena. /In Roma,/ 
nella stamperia del Grignani. MDCXLII. 4°. pp. (9), 
xxxx. 48. 

‘All’ illvstriss.""° . . . Taddeo Barberino . . . Federico 
Vbaldini.’ Reprinted with a dedication to Conte M. F. G. 
Turinetti, by Santi Bruscoli, In Torino, MDCCL. Nella 
Stamperia Reale. 








*‘RERUM VULGARIUM FRAGMENTA.’ 93 


5. G. Salvo-Cozzo. Il sonetto del Petrarca, la gola 
el somno et I’ otiose piume, secondo il codice Vaticano 
3195. Al prof. Giosué Carducci. (La Cultura. 1888. 
An VII. v. 9, no. 15-16.) 


6. Dieci sonettidi Francesco Petrarca pubblicati secondo 
la lezione del codice Vaticano 3195 da G. Salvo Cozzo. 
—Estratto dallo Spicilegio Vaticano, fasc II. Roma, 
E. Loescher & Co., 1890. 8°. pp. 16. 


7. Il manoscritto Vaticano latino 3196, autografo di 
Francesco Petrarca, riprodotto in eliotipia a cura della 
Biblioteca Vaticana. Roma, Stab. Eliotipico Martelli, 
1895. f°. pp. (3), plates 1-16, 19, 20, pp. Xxxill-xxxvi. 

The pp. xxxiii-xxxvi, reproduced in facsimile from the edition of 
1642, supply the lost folios 17,18. In 1898 the editors, G. Salvo 


Cozzo and G. Cozza Luzi, completed the edition by adding eight 
pages of ‘Appendici.’ Roma, Tipografia Sociale. 


8. Le rime di Francesco Petrarca restituite nell’ ordine 
e nella lezione del testo originario sugli autografi col 
sussidio di altri codici e di stampe, e corredate di varianti 
e note da G. Mestica. Ed. critica. Firenze, G. Barbéra, 
1896. 8°. pp. xxiv. 697. 


g. Lerime di Francesco Petrar¢a di su gli originali com- 
mentate da G. Carducci e S. Ferrari. Firenze, G. C. 
Sansoni, 1899. 8°. pp. xlv. 548. 


10. Societa Filologica Romana. II canzoniere di Fran- 
cesco Petrarca riprodotto letteralmente dal cod. Vat. lat. 
3195, con tre fotoincisioni,a cura di E. Modigliani. Roma, 
presso la Societa, 1904. 4°. pp. xxxi. 165, (1). 


11. Le rime di Francesco Petrarca secondo la revisione 
ultima del poeta, a cura di G. Salvo Cozzo con un ritratto 
e una tavola in fototipia. Firenze, G. C. Sansoni, 1904. 
8°. pp. xxi. 2, 358. 


Issued also in a miniature edition from the same press in 1905. 





i 
t 





94 THE AUTOGRAPHS OF PETRARCH’S 


12. L’ originale del canzoniere di Francesco Petrarca, 
codice Vaticano latino 3195, riprodotto in fototipia a cura 
della Biblioteca Vaticana. Milano, U. Hoepli, 1905. f°. 
pp- xliii. plates (4), 1-72. (Codices e Vaticanis seledcti 
phototypice expressi. 6.) 

Edited by Marco Vattasso. 


13. Il canzoniere di Francesco Petrarca secondo I’ auto- 
fo, con le note di G. Rigutini, rifuse e accresciute per 
Costes célte e per le scuole, da M. Scherillo. 2* ed., 
interamente rinnovata. U. Hoepli, Milano, 1908. 8°. 


pp- Xcii. 474. 


14. Francesco Petrarca. II canzoniere e i trionfi, con 
introduzione, notizie bio-bibliografiche e commenti di 
A. Moschetti. F. Vallardi, Milano, 1908. 8°. pp. lxvi. 


517, (1). 


II. 
Tue AUTOGRAPH AND ITs RE-DISCOVERY IN 1886. 


15. Arrighi, L. Illustrazioni e dichiarazioni intorno 
ad un codice autografo delle poesie volgari di Francesco 
Petrarca scopertoe posseduto dal signorcavaliere L. Arrighi 
in Pietroburgo. Milano, G. Silvestri, 1826. 8°. pp. 27. 


16. Borgognoni, A. Excursus petrarchesco. Ravenna, 
E. Lavagna, 1876. 8°. pp. 16. ‘Nozze del Vecchio- 
Cavalieri, Bologna, maggio 1876.’ 

On the ‘rime disperse’ of Petrarch, their relation to the authorized 
canzoniere and the Aldine impressions. 


17. Se Monsignor Pietro Bembo abbia mai avuto un 
codice autografo del canzoniere del Petrarca; lettera a 
T. L. Ravenna, E. Lavagna, 1877. 8°. pp. 19. 























‘RERUM VULGARIUM FRAGMENTA.’ 95 


18. Manzoni, G. Annali tipografici dei Soncino. 
Bologna, G. Romagnoli, 1883. 3 vols. 8°. 
Vol. iii., pp. 24-38: ‘ Opere volgari di M. Francesco Petrarcha.’ 


19. Cian, V. Un decennio della vita di M. Pietro 
Bembo (1521-1531). Torino, E. Loescher, 1885. 8°. 
pp- xvi, 240. 

Reviewed by P. de Nolhac in ‘ La Revue critique,’ 1886. Nouv. 
ser. Vol, xxi., pp. 11-14. 


20. Monaci, E., and A. d’ Ancona. Relazione sulla 
memoria del Sig. A. Pakscher intitolata: Sull’ originale 
del canzoniere del Petrarca. (Reale Accad. dei Lincei. 
Atti. Ser. 4*. Rendiconti, 1886. Vol. ii., pp. 648- 


652.) 
21. Nolhac, P. de. Le Canzoniere autographe de 


Pétrarque; communication faite 4 Académie des In- 
scriptions & Belles-lettres. Paris, C. Klincksieck, 1886. 


12°. pp. 30. 


22. Renier, R. L’ autografo del canzoniere petrarch- 
esco. (Giornale storico della letteratura italiana. 1886. 
Vol. vii., pp. 463-467.) 


Includes a letter from P. de Nolhac. 


23. Pakscher, A. Aus einem Katalog des Fulvius 
Ursinus. (Zeitschrift far romanische Philologie. 1886. 


Bd. x., pp. 205-245.) 


24. Morpurgo, S. [Reviews] P. de Nolhac: ‘Le 
Canzoniere autographe de Pétrarque.’—A. Pakscher : ‘ Aus 
einem Katalog des Fulvius Ursinus.’ (Rivista critica. 
1886. Anno iii., col. 161-170.) 


25. Fiske,W. The rediscovered Petrarch autographs. 
(‘The Nation,’ 1886. Vol. xliii., pp. 156-157.) 














96 THE AUTOGRAPHS OF PETRARCH’S 


26. Nolhac, P. de. Fac-similes de Tlécriture de 
Pétrarque et appendices au ‘Canzoniere autographe,’ 
avec notes sur la bibliothé¢que de Pétrarque. (Mélanges 
d’archéologie et d’histoire publiés par I’Ecole frangaise de 
Rome. 1887. Tom. vii. pp. 38. 3 plates.) 


Also printed separately, Rome, P. Cuggiani, 1887. Reviewed by 
V. Cian in ‘Giornale storico della letteratura italiana,’ 1887, vol. ix., 
pp- 441-448; by W. Fiske in ‘The Nation,’ 1887. Vol. xlv., 


P- 393- 


37. La biblioth¢que de Fulvio Orsini; contribu- 
tion a l’histoire des collections d’Italie et 4 l’étude de la 
Renaissance. Paris, F. Vieweg, 1887. 8°. pp. xvili., 


489. 


28. Zardo, A. Il Petrarca e i Carraresi. Milano, 
U. Hoepli, 1887. 8°. pp. 322. 


Ppp. 125-150, discussion of the autographs. 





29. Geiger,L. Petrarca. [Review of the publications 
of De Nolhac and Pakscher relating to the autographs. ] 
(Zeitschrift far vergleichende Litteraturgeschichte. 1888. 


N.F. pp. 476-500.) 


30. Mazzoni, G. Noterelle petrarchesche. (Il Pro- 
pugnatore. 1888. N.S. vol. i., parte I]. pp. 152-162.) 


pp- 156-159, a discussion as to whether the Giovanni (‘Io’) 
of the Petrarch manuscript may be Giovanni da Ravenna, the 
‘ giovane ravennate, concerning whom Petrarch writes to Boccaccio 
(De reb. fam. xxiii., 19). pp. 161-162, a document from G. 
Guastivini: ‘Discorso sopra la Gierusalemme liberata,’ citing a 
sonnet of Petrarch scritto di sua man propria . . . 


31. Ferrari, L. Questioni e notizie petrarchesche. 
[Bologna, Fava e Garagnani, 1893.] 8°. pp. 12. 
Estratto dal Propugnatore. N. S. vol. vi., parte L., 
Pp. 425-436. 

On the correspondence of various editions of the Rime with the 
autograph. 











‘RERUM VULGARIUM FRAGMENTA.’ 97 


32. Salvo Cozzo, G. Il ‘codice Vaticano 3195,’ e 
I edizione aldina del 1501. Roma, Tipografia Vaticana, 
1893. 8°. 


33- Sensi, F, [Reviews.] G. Salvo-Cozzo—lIl codice 
Vaticana 3195; G. Mestica—Il ‘ canzoniere’ del Petrarca 
nel codice originale a riscontro col ms. del Bembo e con 
I’ edizione aldina; S. Ferrari—Questioni e notizie pet- 
rarchesche. (Giornale storico della letteratura italiana. 
1894. Vol. xxili., pp. 256-260.) 


34. Bouchaud, P. de. Pierre de Nolhac et ses travaux. 
Paris, E. Bouillon, 1896. 8°. pp. 324. 
pp- 50-57: ‘Le canzoniere autographe de Pétrarque.” 


35. Tenneroni, A. Gli abbozzi autografi di rime del 
Petrarca. (La Vita italiana. 1896. N.S. fasc. I. pp. 


32-36.) 


36. Ewald, F. Die Schreibweise in der autographischen 
Handschrift des ‘Canzoniere’ Petrarcas (cod. Vat. lat. 
3195). Halle a.S. M. Niemeyer, 1907. 8°. Viii., 
67. (Beihefte zur Zeitschrift far romanische Pitlolopic, 
13.) 


37. Rossi, V. [Review.] L’ originale del canzoniere 
di Francesco Petrarca, codice Vaticano latino 3196. 
(Archivio storico italiano. 1907. Vol. xxxix., pp. 467- 


471.) 


38. Vattasso, M. Codici 9 stemageen della Biblioteca 
Vaticana. Roma, Tipografia Vaticana, 1908. 8°. pp. x., 
(1), 250, (1) 2 plates. 


pp- 9-11: ‘ Vat. 3195"; pp. 11-15: ‘ Vat. 3196’; pp. 193-195: 
‘Di un presunto autografo delle rime di Francesco Petrarca.’ 
(The manuscript published by Arrighi.) 


39. Autografi del Petrarca. (Nuova Antologia. 1908. 
Vol. ccxvii., pp. 351-352.) 


II, H 











98 THE AUTOGRAPHS OF PETRARCH’S 


III. 


CriTICAL STUDIES BASED UPON THE AUTOGRAPHS, 
1887-1910. 


40. Pakscher, A. Die Chronologie der Gedichte 
Petrarcas. Berlin, Weidmannsche Buchhandlung, 1887. 
8°. pp- (3), 139: 

Reviewed by N. Zingarelli in ‘ La Biblioteca delle scuole italiane.’ 
1887. Vol. i., pp. 102-103, 118-121. 


41. Cesareo, G. A. Su I’ ordinamento delle poesie 
volgari di Francesco Petrarca. (Giornale storico della 
letteratura italiana. 1892. Vol. xix., pp. 229-303; xx., 
Pp. 91-124.) 

Also printed separately, Torino, 1892, and included in his ‘Su 
le poesie volgari del Petrarca,’ 1898. 


42. Mestica, G. Il ‘canzoniere’ del Petrarca nel 
codice originale a riscontro col ms. del Bembo e con 
l eédizione aldina del 1501. (Giornale storico della 
letteratura italiana. 1893. Vol. xxi., pp. 300-334.) 


43. Cesareo, G. A. Le ‘poesie volgari’ del Petrarca. 
(Nuova Antologia, 1895. Vol. lvii., pp. 615-650.) 


Included in his ‘ Su le poesie volgari del Petrarca,’ 1898. 


44. La nuova critica del Petrarca. (Same. 1897. 
Vol. Ixviii., pp. 258-291.) 


A review of Mestica’s edition of the Rime of Petrarch, 





45. Salvo Cozzo,G. Le ‘rime sparse’ e il trionfo dell’ 
eternita di Francesco Petrarca nei codici Vaticani latini 3195 
e 3196. (Giornale storico della letteratura italiana. 1897. 


Vol. xxx., pp. 369-413.) 


46. Cesareo,G. A. Su le ‘poesie volgari’ del Petrarca; 
nuove ricerche. Rocca S. Casciano, L. Capelli, 1898. 


8°. pp. 314. 














‘RERUM VULGARIUM FRAGMENTA.’ 99 


47. Cochin, H. La chronologie du canzoniere de 
Pétrarque. Paris, E. Bouillon, 1898. Sm. 8°. pp. x. 
160. (1). (Bibliothéque littéraire de la Renaissance.) 


48. Mussaffia, A. Dei codici Vaticani latini 3195 e 
3196 delle rime del Petrarca. (Kaiserliche Akademie der 
Wissenschaften zu Wien. Denkschriften der philosoph- 
isch-historischen Classe. 1900. Bd. xlvi.) 


49. Wullff, F. A. Petrarca’s férsta redaktion af canz. 
Che debb’ io far? (Uppsatser i romansck tillagnade P. A. 
Geiger. 1901. pp. 141-150.) 


50. —— Lacanzone Che debb’ io far? selon les manu- 
scrits autographes de Pétrarque (Vat. lat. 3126 & 3195). 
(Lunds Universitets-Arsskrift. 1901. Bd. xxxviii.) 


51. Quarta, N. Studi sul testo delle rime del Pétrarca. 
Napoli, E. M* Muca, 1902. 8° pp. 156. (1). 


52. Wullff, F. A. Trois sonnets de Pétrarque selon 
le Ms. sur papier Vat. 3196 (et une re¢tification). (Fran 
filologiska féreninger i Lund. Sprakliga uppsatser. II. 


1902.) 


Pon freno al gran dolor che ti trasporta ; une 
strophe travaillée de Pétrarque dans le ms. Vat. 3196, fol. 
13 et 12. Upsala, 1905, Almqvist & Wiksells Bok- 
tryckerei. 8°. pp. 70. ‘Studier i modern sprakve- 
tenskap. III. 2.’ 





54. Giorgi, I., and E. Sicardi. Abozzi di rime edite 
e inedite di Francesco Petrarca. (Societa Filologica 
Romana. Bullettino. 1905. No. 7, pp. 27-46.) 
Reviewed by F. Pellegrini in ‘Giornale storico della letteratura 
italiana,’ 1905. Vol. xlvi., pp. 359-375. 
55. Wullff, F. A. En svensk Petrarca-Bok. Stock- 
holm, P. A. Norstedt & Séners Forlag, 1905. 8°. 
pp. 587. Map and plates. 











100 THE AUTOGRAPHS OF PETRARCH. 





56. Préoccupations de Pétrarque, 1359-1369, 
attestées par Vat. lat. 3196 fol. 1 & 2. Lund, 1907, 
H. Ohlsson. 8° pp. 78. Facsim. (Lunds Universi- 
tets Arsskrift. N.F. Afd. 1, Bd. 2, Nr. 4.) 


57. Sicardi, E. Per un’ abrasione del Vat. lat. 3195 € 
r la giusta collocazione di due sonetti del Petrarca. 
Torino. C. Clausen, 1908. 8° pp. 18. 





58. Per il testo del ‘canzoniere’ del Petrarca. 
(Giornale storico. 1908. Vol. 1. pp. 1-33, and later 


numbers. ) 


Mary Fow er, 
Cornell University. 

















FALSE DATES 
QUARTOS. 


IN SHAKESPEARE 


I. 


The Shakespeare Quartos of 1619. By William J. 
Neidig. Modern Philology. Chicago, O€tober, 1910. 


pp. I-19. 


False Dates on Shakspere Quartos: a new method of 
proof applied to a controversy of scholars. By 
William J. Neidig, Instructor at the University 
of Wisconsin. te Century Magazine, O&ober, 


1910. pp. 912-19. 


“(ae T is a great pleasure to ‘Tue Lrerary,’ 

& in which the false dates on the ‘ Roberts’ 
$7 editions of the ‘Merchant of Venice’ 
msyand ‘Midsummer Night’s Dream,’ 
= the ‘T.P.’ ‘Sir John Oldcastle,’ the 
. Nathaniel Butter’ edition of ‘ King Lear,’ and the 
‘T.P.’ ‘Henry V.’ were first exposed by Dr. Greg, 
to acknowledge the very pretty contribution to the 
subject made by Mr. Neidig in two magazine 
articles in the ‘Century’ and ‘ Modern Philology.’ 
Dr. Greg proved his case up to the hilt by the 
argument from the identity of the watermarks in 
the quartos falsely dated 1600 and 1608 with those 
found in the plays of 1619, which I had discovered 
bound up with them; but this proof could not be 











102 FALSE DATES IN 


tested without an investigation of a kind from 
which literary scholars unanimously shrank. I 
think I may claim that I proved the case over again 
in my ‘ Shakespeare Folios and Quartos,’ by a series 
of independent arguments from the types, imprints, 
and number of surviving copies. But neither 
Dr. Greg nor I could adduce an argument which 
could be trusted quickly to carry conviction to an 
untrained observer, and it is one of this crushing 
kind that Mr. Neidig has been clever enough to 
develop. He and Dr. Manly of Chicago had been 
thinking out a method of applying photography to 
the settlement of such mixed bibliographical and 
typographical problems. Thus, these Shakespeare 
title-pages offered just such an opportunity as he 
desired, and he has used it with great success. 
Shakespeare title-pages being too precious to be 
played with, his first need was to procure abso- 
lutely exact photographic facsimiles of all the title- 
pages in question, and this exactitude he obtained 
by the ingenious plan of photographing a milli- 
metre rule along with each. He then plotted out 
each title-page into little squares, and by this means 
convinced himself that the words ‘ Written by 
W. Shakespeare,’ the ‘Heb Ddim, Heb Ddieu’ 
device, and the word ‘ Printed’ in the title-page of 
‘Pericles’ dated 1619, and of the ‘Merchant of 
Venice’ dated 1600, come in precisely the same 
places, and demonstrated this beyond possibility of 
cavil by a composite photograph in which the 
‘Merchant of Venice’ is superimposed on ‘ Pericles,’ 
and the words in question come out quite sharply, 
and the device with only the very slightest blur, 











SHAKESPEARE QUARTOS. 103 


showing that the block may have been shifted a 
fraction of a millimetre. The occurrence in both 
title-pages of an identical flaw of one kind in the 
W of ‘ Written,’ and of another kind in the W of 
Shakespeare’s initial, completes the proof that this 
portion of the title-page of ‘Pericles’ had been used 
again in the title-page of the ‘ Merchant of Venice,’ 
and thus offered a pretty demonstration of the 
impossibility of their having been separated by an 
interval of nineteen years. Mr. Neidig thinks that 
the trouble-saving printer ‘lifted off the lower por- 
tion’ of one title-page for use in another. It seems 
to me more probable that he picked out all the rest 
of the contents of the forme, and put his new matter 
into the old forme, rather than risked dropping out 
letters by transferring the old matter to a new one; 
but that the same type-letters in the same setting- 
up were used in the ‘ Yorkshire Tragedy’ of 1619, 
‘Pericles’ of 1619, ‘Merchant of Venice’ of ‘ 1600,’ 
and ‘ Merry Wives’ of 1619, he has proved up to 
the hilt ; and I think that henceforth any bookseller 
who sells the ‘1600’ ‘Merchant of Venice’ as 
printed in that year will be liable to have it re- 
turned tohim. For the rest of Mr. Neidig’s argu- 
ment readers must consult one of his two articles, 
that in ‘Modern Philology’ being the more de- 
tailed. Here, asa pleasing proof that bibliography 
can tag | itself by various ways, I will only com- 
pare his footnote to p. 12 of that article with that 
on p. 93 of ‘Shakespeare Folios and Quartos.’ 
Mr. Neidig writes: 

The order of the printing of these plays was this: 
Whole Contention (text and title-page), Pericles (text only), 











104 FALSE DATES IN 


Yorkshire Tragedy (text only), Yorkshire Tragedy (title-page), 
Pericles (title-page), Merchant of Venice (text and title-page), 
Merry Wives (text and title-page), Lear (text and title- 
page), Henry V. (text and title-page), Sir John Oldcastle 
(text and title-page). .4 Midsummer Nighi’s Dream was 
printed independently. 


On the basis of Dr. Greg’s table of watermarks, 
the order proposed for the plays in the note in my 
book was: 

Group 1: Whole Contention, Pericles, Yorkshire Tragedy. 

Group 2: Merry Wives, Merchant of Venice, Midsummer 

Night's Dream, Lear. 

Group 3: Henry V., Sir John Oldcastle. 


The title-page of the ‘Midsummer Night’s 
Dream’ having been deliberately made to imitate 
that of the real 1600 edition (printed for Fisher), 
was thus taken out of Mr. Neidig’s province. It 
seems not improbable that the ‘Merchant of 
Venice, the type of which agrees with that of 
‘ Pericles,’ was in progress simultaneously with the 
‘Merry Wives,’ which is in the same large type as 
the ‘ Yorkshire Tragedy.’ In any case that, save 
for this single transposition, two entirely different 
arguments should lead to identical results is surely 
very satisfactory, and gives one hope that the value 
of bibliography for the service of literary criticism 
may gradually be recognized. 


II. 


Mr. Neidig having produced a knock-down 
argument, which enables one to treat the falseness 
of the dates in question as established beyond the 




















SHAKESPEARE QUARTOS. 105 


possibility of dispute it is easy now to touch on a 
side issue without fear of causing confusion. Soon 
after my book was published I received an inter- 
esting letter from Mr. E. H. Dring, whose long 
connection with the firm of Quaritch has given 
him an enviable width of experience, asking me 
if I had ever noticed that copies of the T. P. and 
James Roberts issues are sometimes found with 
the dates torn away in a manner which suggests 
deliberate intent. Mr. Dring himself had been 
struck with this fact as many as five and twenty 
years ago, and on mentioning it to Mr. Kerney 
found that that keen judge of books had not 
missed the point. He could assign no reason for 
it, but he was sure that it had been done inten- 
tionally, and most probably when the copies were 
issued. Mr. Dring himself was sure that he had 
seen at least three copies of the ‘ Roberts’ issue of 
the ‘Midsummer Night’s Dream’ with the date 
thus torn out and subsequently added in facsimile, 
and also the ‘King Lear’ and ‘Oldcastle.’ The 
mutilation of the copies was the more noticeable 
because they were invariably large ones, the 
peculiarity, it may be remembered, which was 
found so useful in picking out the Garrick copies 
of these plays at the British Museum. He subse- 
quently furnished me with a note of two copies, 
formerly in the possession of Mr. Quaritch, a 
‘Midsummer Night’s Dream’ described as having 
‘the bottom corner of the title mended, so that it 
has been necessary to supply the numeral of the 
date, large and very fine copy,’ and a ‘Lear’ with 
the note ‘the title mended so that the numeral ot 











106 FALSE DATES IN 


the date has been necessarily supplied ; a very fine 
and large copy.’ 

After hearing from Mr. Dring I had an op- 
portunity of inspecting the Gott copy of the 
* Merchant of Venice,’ described in Sotheby’s cata- 
logue as having ‘the bottom corner of the title’ in 
facsimile, otherwise ‘in faultless condition, clean, 
and with very good margins, measuring 7; by 
5z« inches,’ the usual size. On examining this I 
found a very careful tear beginning about an inch 
and a half up the page, carrying away the date 
1600 and the preceding comma and ending rather 
less than an inch and a half along the lower margin. 
Both hands must have been used to make such a 
tear, and it could not have been done accidentally. 

It had already been suggested both by Dr. Greg 
and myself that the theory that Jaggard had been 
wronging the heirs of Thomas Hayes by reprinting 
a book which belonged to them threw a new light 
on the otherwise inexplicable entry in the Stationers’ 
Register under date 8th July, 1619. 


Laurence Hayes, Entred for his copies by Consent of 
a full Court these two Copies following which were the 
Copies of Thomas Haies his fathers, viz. 
A play called ‘The Marchant of Venice’ 
And the Ethiopian History. 


As regards the Ethopian History, over which 
Laurence Hayes was in controversy with William 
Barrett, I have nothing new to suggest. But in 
the case of the ‘ Merchant of Venice,’ Mr. Dring’s 
point may well make us wonder whether before 
this entry was placed on the Register there had 














SHAKESPEARE QUARTOS. 107 


not been a painful scene, in which William Jaggard, 
who, two days later, was to take up the responsible 
post of a warden of the Company, was obliged to 
confess his misdoing and to hush up the matter by 
promising to tear off the untrue dates from any 
copies which remained in stock. 

If any owners of copies of the plays in question 
who, on holding them to the light, discover signs 
that the corner containing the date is on different 
paper from the rest of the title-page will communi- 
cate with me I shall be much obliged. It is 
certainly to their advantage, it may be remarked, 
to help to prove that what has hitherto seemed a 
mere regrettable mutilation, really possesses no 


little historic interest. 
A. W. Po tiarp. 











108 


REVIEWS. 


The Romance of Bookselling: a history from the earliest 
times to the twentieth century. By Frank A. 
Mumby. With a biblography by W. H. Peet. 
Chapman & Hall. pp. xviit., 491. 


eR. MUMBY’S book is not quite so 
@ ambitious as his title suggests, as (save 
/p§ Qin his first few pages) it is only Eng- 
¢ p lish bookselling that he takes for his 
§province. His account of the infancy 
of the English trade in printed books in the fifteenth 
and sixteenth centuries might here and there have 
been improved by a more diligent study of our own 
pages; but thanks, no doubt, to the bibliography 
by Mr. Peet, which he prints as an appendix, he 
has read more widely than any of his predecessors, 
and his book, if it be no more than a compilation, 
is skilfully put together, and steadily improves as it 
comes down to later times. The author is at his 
very best in his last chapter, entitled, ‘ Publishers 
of To-day,’ which fills some eighty pages, and gives 
in these an excellent historical account of the Uni- 
versity Presses at Oxford and Cambridge, and most 
interesting notes on the chief publishing firms of 
London and Edinburgh. The book is illustrated 


















REVIEWS. 109 


with numerous portraits of publishers, and fac- 
similes of stamps and devices, and well indexed. 
It deserves a place in every public library in 
England. 


Book-Prices Current. Vol. XXIV. pp. x., 825. 
Elliot Stock. {1 55. 6d. 


Mr. Slater, in his introduétion to the new volume, 
not only notes that ‘the average sum realised per 
“lot” of books sold during the season 1909-10 
amounts to {2 9s. 1d., as against £3 11s. 10d. for 
the season 1908-9,’ but makes the sweeping state- 
ment that ‘ the commercial value of books of almost 
all classes has very materially declined during the 
past few years, and that just lately this decline has 
become more than ever accentuated.’ The evi- 
dence for this statement is hardly conclusive, and 
‘the number of extremely important books’ which 
Mr. Slater cites as having been bought in at the 
Gott sale, and subsequently sold again, last March, 
at much smaller prices, does not seem to us as 
striking as Mr. Slater considers it. It is never 
wise to buy in books at a great sale like Dr. Gott’s. 
A great sale generates enthusiasm, and if a book 
does not fetch a high price then, it is very unlikely 
to do so when offered again at a miscellaneous one. 
It is the absence of anything approaching a great 
sale in 1910 that brought down the average price 
some 33 per cent.; but as soon as first-class books 
are brought into the market, we shall be very sur- 
prised if high water is not again touched. Mean- 











110 REVIEWS. 


while it is pleasant to have to note that ‘ Book- 
Prices Current’ continues to improve, more espe- 
cially in its index, much of which is now admirably 
arranged. It is a special pleasure to us to see that 
under ‘ Bindings’ there are now references not 
merely to books about binding, but to those which 
owe the prices they have fetched to the beauty or 
interest of their covers. When the same system is 
extended to books sought after for their typography 
or illustrations, a long-standing grievance, to which 
we have repeatedly drawn attention, will at last be 
removed. 


The paper of lending library books, with some remarks 
on their bindings, illustrated by diagrams and photo- 
micographs. By Cedric Chivers. Truslove and 
Hanson. pp. 34. 


By means of numerous diagrams Mr. Chivers 
makes out a very good case for his contention that 
it is of immense importance to the life of a book 
that it should be printed with the grain of the 
paper across the page, instead of up and down it. 
It is unsatisfa€tory to know that of 3,717 English 
books examined by Mr. Chivers, 34 per cent. have 
the grain the wrong way, thus making the book 
weak in its sewings. In America, however, matters 
are still worse, of 981 books tested no less than 86 
per cent. having their grain the weaker way. 
Mr. Chivers also shows that as compared with 
books printed before 1890 those of the present day 
have an average tensile strength of 6 1b. instead of 











REVIEWS. III 


10, and lose 50 per cent. instead of 20 per cent. of 
it in folding and sewing. The varieties in thick- 
ness are also much greater than twenty years ago, 
and these also cause trouble. The moral which 
Mr. Chivers draws is that while these evils are 
rampant it is impossible for a bookbinder to give 
good results if his method of binding is prescribed 
for him. If this is so, the specifications in which 
we were learning to trust are a good deal dis- 
counted. 


Bibligrafia grafica: reproduccion en facsimil de por- 
tadas, retratos, colofones y otras curiosidades utiles 
d los biblidfilos, que se hallan en obras unicas y 
libros preciosos ¢ raros. Reunida y publicada por 


Pedro Vindel. Madrid, 1910. 2 tom. 


This is a colleétion of no fewer than 1,224 fac- 
similes of title-pages, illustrations, colophons, devices, 
portraits of authors, and bookplates of notable col- 
leétors taken from rare books printed in Spain or 
the Spanish dominions, with a few from Spanish 
books printed in other countries. Such a book 
cannot help being useful, but in the present in- 
stance perfunctory editing and supervision have 
reduced the usefulness to a minimum. In the 
numerous cases where title-pages, etc., have been 
reduced, no notes are given of the sizes of the 
originals, the ‘ facsimiles’ are often bad, and (worst 
fault of all) they are thrown together in haphazard 
order, with careless underlines and imperfeétly in- 
dexed. The haphazardness of the arrangement 
seems to have extended also to the selection of 


















222 et Se Lae ee Y 


Ree NE Es 


wie 


rex G4 <cseo 


Bes os Rs BK ee 


UK 


ee 


See et SE ST 


112 REVIEWS. 


examples, if the word ‘selection’ can fairly be used, 
as we can find no principle governing them. It is 
irritating to think how much more useful the book 
might have been made had a little pains and 
scholarship been bestowed on its production. 


Francis Bacon: a sketch of his life, works, and literary 
friends, chiefly from a bibliographical point of view. 
By G. Walter Steeves, M.D. With forty-three 
illustrations. Methuen &S Co. pp. xv., 230. 


Dr. Steeves’ bibliographical sketch of Bacon’s 
life and works is pleasantly and unpretentiously 
written, quotes judiciously from prefaces, and is 
illusti ated with a good series of facsimiles of the 
title-pages of first editions. 

A. W. P. 





